The boy went to a video arcade. He played his favorite machine. His games didn't go very well. He told the owner about his experience. The owner explained that he had made the game settings harder.
Jimmy was a big fan of cricket. In summer, his dad took him to a local cricket match. The match lasted all day. In the end, Jimmy's local team won by only 2 runs. Jimmy knew he'd never see such a close game of cricket again.
The baby shook from the cold room. His mother turned up the heat. The nurses kept turning it back down. She was angry that they were making him uncomfortable. She told the doctor she wanted to go home.
Luke didn't want to pay 15 dollars for a movie. He made his way to the back of the theater. He noticed a couple of teenagers sneaking in the back exit. He went and stood by the door, waiting. It never opened.
Kara was very close to her mother when she was growing up. Kara went off to college after high school. Her mother was single so she was worried about her. Kara came home for the holidays. When she walked in the house she found her mom dead on the floor.
My instructor told me to do several laps around the track. I asked for a drink afterwards, but he told me no. I was forced to do several push-ups. He told me to stop as soon as I fell on the floor. I walked into the locker room feeling sore.
Bob was doing the dishes. Bob wasn't paying attention and dropped a plate. The plate broke as it hit the ground. Bob cleaned up the mess with a vacuum cleaner. Afterwards, he dumped the broken pieces into the trash.
My wife gets blueberry muffins from the local supermarket. The batter varies from yellow to dark blue in color. Today, the batter was blue, my favorite. My wife was not pleased as yellow is her favorite. I said maybe it will be yellow tomorrow.
The soda hit the ground hard. She sighed in frustration that she had ruined it. Picking it up, she put it back in the car. Later she went to get a soda. She forgot, and it fizzed all over her.
Katie decided to learn to make yogurt. She bought a gadget that was supposed to help her. It was very confusing and difficult. Katie threw it away and decided to just buy yogurt. It tasted better when it was from the store.
Ann wanted to be a fashion model. She saw a notice that a modeling agent was coming to town. Ann went on a crash diet to look like a model. She went to the agent, feeling hungry but fashion model thin. The agent took one look and said Ann was too short to model.
Lucy was running from an angry old man. She had been playing with his puppy before he got angry. She ran for blocks without looking back. When she stopped she didn't recognize the houses. Adrenaline ran through her veins as she realized she was lost.
Dan wanted to buy a new car. He went out on a nearby lot to shop around. They had a model that really appealed to Dan. Dan signed the paperwork and made a downpayment. Dan drove away with a brand new BMW.
Adam got a new job. He was going to transcribe data. He was pushed type fast. He won lots of awards. They promoted Adam.
Julie decided to run a lemonade stand to earn money for toys. She painted a big sturdy box bright colors for a table. Her mom helped by making a sign. On a hot summer day, they made several pitchers of lemonade. Julie bought a new toy with money she made selling to the neighbors.
Bob was walking in the park. He got hungry. He decided to forage for food. He found some mushrooms. He ate them and got sick.
Al was taking a class for college. He needed a certain book for his class. He was talking to his friend about finding the book. His friend told him he already had the book. Al's friend let him borrow the book for class.
Trudy felt sad so thought she needed a pet. She decided to buy a Puli. She called some Puli owners in town and asked to buy one. The third Puli owner agreed to sell Trudy one of her dogs. So Trudy bought a Puli and is now much happier.
Max noticed he was always tired so he went to the doctor for help. His doctor asked Max if he slept through the night regularly. Max couldn't remember the last time he had slept through the night. The doctor gave him a small sample of sleeping pills to try. After taking a pill for four nights, Max felt awake during the day.
Joshua couldn't afford the assigned textbooks. His college textbooks were going to cost over 500 dollars. He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters. Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors. Joshua made the choice that felt right and just.
Jane loved disney princesses. She always wanted to be young when she was young. For her 21st birthday, he boyfriend took her to Disneyland. She couldn't of picked a better holiday destination. Despite her age, she got pictures with all the princesses.
Yesterday I got a haircut. I told my stylist I wanted to do something bold this time. I told her to surprise me with something fun. She gave me the most adorable and funky pixie cut. I'm in love with my new look!
Our car started making noises when we stopped. I had heard that sound before. It usually meant the brakes had to be serviced. My wife brought the car in. There was only debris that needed to be cleaned out.
Andrew had a brand new Dodge Challenger car. But now it has a key-scratch along the driver's side. Andrew said a girl from his job calls him a lot for rides to work. His girlfriend complained because he lets another girl in his car. She left for work, scratched his car and texted him, show her that!
I ordered my new pajamas. They came in the mail a week later. They were covered in pictures of little animals. I squealed with delight when I saw them. I put them on and wore them all day.
Sam went out for Saint Patrick's Day. She had several green beers. She felt festive at first, but then kind of sick. The next morning, she was very hung over! Sam decided not to drink so much any more.
Two best friends decided to go camping. They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent. When night fell, they started to hear scary noises. They thought there was a bear outside their tent. When they checked, it was only a tree branch!
Tammy was a very proud girl scout. She had worked hard for weeks selling cookies door to door. Now it was time to hear the rankings. She was delighted to hear that she had sold the most. She ended up winning a cute pink radio.
People shook their heads because Stu wouldn't buy a car. Each day, Stu pedaled a bike ten miles to and from work. While his peers suffered health woes, Stu was as fit as a teen. When Stu retired, many of his buddies were already dead. Stu rode his bike to visit them at the cemetery regularly.
Tony wanted to cleanse his body. He always ate a lot of junk food. He was gaining a lot of weight. He cut out the junk food and drank nothing but water. After a week, his body was cleansed.
Sam lived at the bottom of a hill. She found a basketball near her mailbox. The ball had a name written on it in a black marker. She took the ball to that person's house. The ball owner thanked Sam for her help.
Jacqueline is afraid of earthquakes. She had to move to Chile to work last year. This year there was a big earthquake in the country. Jacqueline was very scared. She decided to quit her job and move away from Chile.
Anne wanted to feed seagulls. She went down to the lake. There, she crumbled up bread slices. She threw them into the air. Soon tons of gulls were feeding by her!
Kate's mom bought a new house. The house was older. It wasn't in good shape. It needed a lot of work. But she was excited about doing the repairs herself.
Tony loved his dog Snowy more than anything in the world. One day, he forgot to close the front door and his dog ran outside. Toby was devastated and missed his dog terribly. Then he decided to make Lost Dog fliers. While he hung fliers up, a lady saw one and told him she had Snowy!
Brad was on a picnic with his family. He had prepared several sandwiches and a pitcher of lemonade. Before they had a chance to eat, a large noise startled them. A bear had crept up behind them and was sniffing at the food. Brad and his family ran away and left the food for the bear.
Ana invited her friends to her fifteenth birthday party. She was hispanic, and fifteen was a big deal. She had a big party, called a quinceanera. Tons of friends came for cake and socializing. Ana had a great time at her party!
Melvin is a dancer. He feels a lot of pressure to be skinny. One day he tried throwing up after eating. It did not make him feel good. Melvin doesn't want to throw up again to be skinny.
Victoria had too many clothes. She would buy more clothes every time she got paid. She was running out of room to put all of her clothes. She bought hangers to hang them in her closet. Now she has enough room for new clothes.
Steve's car didn't look like the best, but it was the fastest. After school, Chris sat inside his convertible with his girlfriend. His girlfriend said Steve was looking at her. Chris tried to start a fight but Steve said let's race. Steve beat Chris in a car race and Chris had the newer car.
Tina wanted to go to the theme park. Problem was it was too expensive. So she ended up going to a discount site. She found tickets half off. Then she was able to go.
Sue had worked all summer to get ready for the marathon. When the race started Sue bolted off the starting line. She ran 26 miles. As she ran she stopped and got some water. When she crossed the finish line her family was there cheering her on.
I thought it would be nice to drop in on family last weekend. I drove an hour away to where my aunt lives. When I got there nobody was home. I called to see what was going on. Apparently they had the same idea and were visiting me at home.
David had only a few friends, but none he could count on. He began adding new people in neighboring towns on social media. Nobody had accepted his requests after 12 hours, and he was sad. He decided to go to bed and ignore his computer for the night. When he awoke, he found that almost all the people had accepted!
When Ann met John, he made a poor impression. John barely spoke to her or even look at her. Ann concluded that John was arrogant and rude. John wrote Ann a letter, explaining she made him feel nervous. Ann was surprised to learn that John was actually smitten with her!
Ted wasn't very good at dating. He had been looking for a date for a long time. A friend suggested an online dating site. Ted figured he had nothing else to lose. Ted was able to find a nice date on the website.
MY DAUGHTER HAD TO DO A SCIENCE PROJECT. SO SHE WANTED TO USE ME FOR A EXAMPLE. SO SHE GAVE ME A PIECE OF GUM AND 21 MATH PROBLEMS, I GOT 1 WRONG SHE TOLD ME TO SPIT OUT THE GUM, GAVE  21 MATH PROBLEMS, I GOT 4 WRONG SO CHEWING GUM CAN HELP WITH YOUR CONCENTRATION AFTER ALL.
Dan finished his qualification test. He waited eagerly for the email. When he saw it in his inbox he clicked it anxiously. Dan was ecstatic! He'd gotten a score of 90 on his qualification.
Alana was going to start kindergarten. She was very excited but also very nervous. Alana was used to spending all her time around family only. Her first day school went well. Alana loved school and became a very popular student.
Scott was relentlessly pestering his big brother, Paul. Out of desperation, Paul thought of an idea to entertain Scott. Paul disassembled his Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton model. He hid the many pieces throughout the family's sandbox. Scott was happily occupied for the rest of the day with his digging!
Josie couldn't find a date for prom. All her friends were going. Her friends started trying to find her a date. In the end, her friends decided they didn't want dates either. They all went together in a group!
Tisha was born and raised in Chicago. She had a great childhood there and wanted the same for her kids. The crime rate began to grow rapidly. Chicago was becoming a dangerous place to raise kids. Tisha moved her family to Indianapolis Indiana for a safer life.
May was asked to babysit the neighbor's new baby. She agreed to watch the baby. Soon after the parents left the baby began to cry. May tried everything, but the baby just kept crying. She finally fell asleep 20 minutes before the parents returned.
The same lady came in to clean up John's office every evening. John decided to do something nice for her. John got some flowers and a box of candy. John left them on his desk for her. The next day, John learned that his co-workers ate the candy!
Sam is a city boy living in Dallas. He had always wanted to go to the beach but never got the chance. At work they there was a contest for the top performers. Sam was in the top 3 in his department. Sam had won tickets to Boracay.
Sue drank wine daily, but never felt like she was drunk. Her stomach began to swell and her appetite faded badly. She went to the doctor and was told that she was having liver failure. He recommended a transplant after 6 months of sobriety. She received stem cell treatment in Mexico and her liver was healed.
Tom was going to high-school for the first time. He decided to reinvent himself. He created a whole new style for himself. All the other students thought he looked goofy. Tom was picked on alot after that.
Bill loved his Ford mustang more than anything. It was his baby from his college years. Bill was having a baby. He had to save as much money as possible. Bill let go of his baby and sold his Mustang.
Marge was an all star cook but an even greater baker. She cooked the best red velvet cupcakes and won many competitions. One day she competed for the title of cupcake queen. She placed first place with ease and was crowned the new queen. She remained the queen for as long as she competed never to be beat.
Jennifer was a little girl. A man pulled up to her house. He offered her candy. Jennifer's brother was with her. He told her to stay away.
George had gone to the bar. He had drank too many beers. George was barely able to walk. The bartender called George's wife. She came to the bar to pick up George.
May wanted to be a model. She was very pretty, so she knew she had a chance. She entered competitions as often as she could. Soon she was spotted by a local talent agent. May was recruited to model for a major agency!
Sam went to the taco hut for some tacos. When he went there they were out of his favorite hot sauce. He asked if they had any in the back. They said they were all out. Sam decided to get a burrito instead.
Kevin wanted to be student council president. He spent weeks making flyers and posters. Kevin hung the posters all over school. He was nervous the night before the election. On election day, Kevin won by a landslide.
Jim wanted to win the marathon. He trained hard for many months. Then came the day of the race and he was ready. He made it halfway and began to tire but he slowed down to recover. After he recovered he was able to finish with a person best time.
Greg was apologizing to Katherine again. It didn't matter though because she wasn't having it tonight. They were either always very happy or very upset at one another. In order to calm them down, Janet took Katherine home. Dennis spent the rest of the evening cheering Greg up afterwards.
Marissa was driving down the road late one night. She was getting tired and began rubbing her eyes. Suddenly one of her contacts popped out. She had to quickly pull over because she couldn't see at all. Luckily she was able to replace her contact soon.
One sunny day the sky suddenly became dark and cloudy. This change in weather caught Kelly by surprise. She ran for cover under trees as the rains came down. She tried to make a makeshift umbrella out of branches. Her umbrella kept her mostly dry as she ran to her car.
Tony was beyond excited. He was going to go see his favorite band, The Leopards. Tony really loved The Leopards. He got to the show and made his way up to the front. Tony had a great time at the concert that night.
Marissa had just started her new job at the fudge counter of a store. Her coworker told her not to give samples to children. But when a small boy came begging, Marissa couldn't resist. She didn't see what harm could be caused by giving him a tiny piece! When she noticed him covered in hives later, she realized her error.
Katie was writing a paper for her English class. Her paper was the best in the class. Katie's professor entered her paper into a contest. Katie won third place in the writing contest. She won a two hundred dollar prize.
Tom got into a fight with his friend. His friend told everyone a one sided story. None of Tom's other friends questioned it. Tom was slowly ditched by his friends. Eventually he had nobody to hang out with.
My sister used to paint a lot back in high school. She had painted one painting that was really good. She had submitted it to a local art gallery. After a few months of waiting, they accepted her piece. It was displayed in the gallery for several months.
Eva loved panda bears. When she heard her zoo was getting pandas, she was so excited. She went to see them the first day they arrived. She loved them! The pandas made Eva so happy!
In elementary school the officials sold stationary before class. One day I bought a little pack of erasers for fifty cents. In the pack was a tiny gingerbread man. I loved this eraser the most and always kept it on my desk. Then one day I lost him and that was so so sad.
Robert woke up this morning feeling very sick. He had no choice but to call into work. His boss was upset and told him to come in on Saturday instead. Robert hung up the phone and laid his head down. He fell asleep while debating to find a new job or not.
Tom was making bread. But he couldn't wait for the dough to finish rising. So he put it in the oven prematurely. After he took the bread out of the oven he sliced it before it cooled. And Tom was left with dense, doughy bread.
Ed went on a hiking trip. He ventured deep into the forest. He was having a great time exploring the woods! But soon it began to grow dark. Ed decided to head back before he became lost.
Tom went on a drive through the desert. Halfway across the desert, Tom's car broke down. Tom had not prepared for any emergency situation. He had no food or water in the hot desert. After a few hours, another driver came by and rescued Tom.
Heidi worked as a volunteer at a soup kitchen near downtown. She came to work happy that day. The happiness stopped when a robber came with a gun. They didn't have a register so he made everyone give him their wallets Heidi is still traumatized by what happened that day.
John was at the bar with friends. He noticed his ex girlfriend walked in. John was mildly upset. She noticed him. They exchanged pleasantries and moved on.
Chris was having a bad day at baseball. He had struck out three times. He threw his water bottle on the ground after he struck out again. It broke and the water spilled all over the dirt. Chris regretted his bad behavior and wished he had more water.
Jan had an early meeting with clients. She didn't want to wake her husband so she dressed in the dark. Half way through the meeting she noticed her shoes didn't match. She sat down, putting her feet under the table. Fortunately no one else noticed.
Alex was crying hysterically. Her dog had been hit by a car. She was the best dog Alex had ever owned! Alex made arrangements to bury her. She was going to miss her dog so badly.
Nina had just turned sixteen and wanted her license. She decided to go to driver's ed lessons after school. The lessons were hard, though, and Nina worried. She feared she would fail the road test after all. But in five weeks, Nina was granted a driver's license!
There was a bug on the wall by the bed. Kate grabbed a shoe and went to kill it. She had to stand on the bed to reach the bug. Afterwards she turned and ran right into the ceiling fan. Luckily it was on low, and she wasn't hurt at all.
A class was having a philosophical discussion. The teacher had a glass of water. They wondered if the glass was half empty or half full. They didn't come to a consensus. They decided it could go both ways.
My dad is in the military so we have to move. We are moving to Montana and it's going to be lame. As soon as I got there I loved it. They have so many clubs at school. Everyone is so nice and I wish I had moved sooner.
Jared climbed a mountain for the first time with his wife. He was very impressed by the view he had when he reached the top. But what really awed him was the reverberation of the echo. He called his name over and over. And when he was done, he was jumped when his wife called his name.
My grandparents met during WWII when they were serving in the Navy. They met at a movie theater in Washington, DC. A sad film made my grandma cry, and my grandpa gave her a tissue. They fell in love and corresponded by letter while he was at sea. They were married two days after his ship returned to America.
Eric and Sheila were having a blast. It was summer break and they loved playing outside. Their favorite game was hide and seek. They were both very good at it. They spent almost every afternoon that summer playing.
Ethan hoped for a snow day at school. But then there was a huge blizzard! He was snowed in for eight days! By the end, Ethan was very bored. He almost hoped for school to resume!
Daphne refused to sleep with men without being married. Every time she had a new boyfriend, he'd dump her for that reason. She was thinking she'd never find love the way she wanted. But one day, she found a man with the same values. They married and only then did they share physical intimacy.
Charles and Greg were best friends in high school. When they graduated, Charles' father gave him advice. He said, seeing anyone from high school would be childish. So Charles stopped talking to Greg. Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they weren't friends?
Being bedridden with gastroenteritis was something I'd never choose! However, I discovered that no time is wasted if you're determined. Beside my bed, I piled all the books on my to-read list and dug in. I hadn't realized how active the mind can be when the body is still. In a week, I read five books and evolved my thinking and attitudes.
Susan loved to work crossword puzzles. She bought books of them and carried one everywhere. One day at lunch a coworker asked her about the puzzle she was doing. The coworker loved to work crosswords, too! Susan and the coworker became good friends.
Horace sold something on eBay. He told the buyer he would ship the item. He took it to the post office. He paid for postage. They shipped it off.
Michael Rogers is a fantastic basketball player. He trains hard everyday, and really loves the game. The day of the big game Michael scored 40 points! His team still lost, the score was 70-100. Michael did his best,that was all that mattered.
I was playing poker. Everyone but my friend and I had folded. I had a royal flush. I decided to go all in. My friend decided to go all in and he lost.
Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios. They could see the studio from down the street. They were both really excited. When they arrived the girls took selfies out front. When they viewed their photo Matt Lauer was in the background.
Jeff was spying in the girl's locker room. He stood on top of the hill with his binocular glasses. Before he got a good glimpse, the coach noticed him. The coach suspended him for a week. In addition, he demanded Jeff to do 100-200 push ups.
Ruby loved to type fast. She typed faster than anyone at her work. People would come to her to type their documents. One day, Anita slammed her fingers in a door on accident. She broke her fingers and could never type again.
Lucy wanted to learn how to sew. Her grandmother didn't have enough time to teach her. Lucy offered to help with the chores. Her grandma suggested she clean the bathroom. Lucy had never cleaned a bathroom, but she was up for the challenge.
Dango Rhymes wanted to win a race. He'd stop at no cost to win it as well. He stole money from people, and sabotaged their groups. Unfortunately, Dango couldn't win by himself. Thus Dango did lose the race, and his friendships.
John had a test coming up in three days. So John was ready to study for his test. He needed to pass it in order pass the class. John studied for those three days. John took the test and passed it.
Angela was going to write a letter. She looked for something to write with. She finally found one pen. It was out of ink! Angela decided to send an email instead.
Tim turns his girlfriend's favorite blanket pink in the laundry. He replaces it and hopes that she won't notice. But she does notice that the new blanket is not hers. The old blanket has sentimental value to her. She forgives him when he digs it out of the trash.
Chris knew a secret about his friend. He knew that the friend was adopted,but the friend didn't know. Chris avoided his friend because he didn't want to slip up. One day, he had too much beer and he told his friend what he knew. Chris never forgave himself.
Jane failed her vision test at school. And she was embarrassed she would have to wear glasses. At the optician she put on her new glasses and saw things clearly. She was shocked and pleased by the difference the glasses made. She was so happy she didn't care if anyone made fun of her.
My cousin Natalia loves to write short stories. She is seven years old and quite imaginative. She wrote a short story called Alien. We are selling it as on AMAZON. Natalia's book has sold over a thousand copies.
Kelly was walking down the street. To her dismay she was shaken by a large mouse. The mouse was coming out of a trash can. Kelley was horrified. She immediately ran away.
Lou's big brother told him he would never find a girlfriend. Lou prefered playing video games to hanging out with people. One day Lou was in the video game store. A pretty girl asked him what he thought about one of the games. They made a date for him to teach her how to play it.
Mason was building his home with lumber from trees in his yard. He worked hard every day, with just his cousin for companion. After a couple months of labor, the house was finally finished. Mason lit a cigarette on the porch, and fell asleep. He woke up to the smell of smoke and flames of his home burning.
My niece had three boyfriends in one year of college. She started her sophomore year with her high school boyfriend. She broke up with him in October. She had another boyfriend until March. She finally landed her third boyfriend in May.
My school is a big football school and my friends and I are fans. When they had a game out of time, we all decided to go. It was freezing but we were hoping it'd be worth it. We froze the whole game and finally we lost. We thought twice in the future about going to out of town games.
The men were on the coast. They rented a boat. They cast their nets over the edge. They brought the nets back in. They had caught over 100 pounds of shrimp.
Jane wanted to have a water gun fight. She saved up all her money for a squirt gun. She went to the toy store and bought the best squirt gun they had. Jane then had a big water battle with her siblings. She won the battle!
Boris loved video games. He played video games everyday for hours. His older brother bought him a new game for his birthday. Boris was elated when he received his gift. Boris and his brother played the game the rest of the weekend.
The walter family decided they were going to spend the day at the zoo. The young daughter was scared of animals. When they got to the zoo she had seen that they were caged in. This made her feel alot safer and was very excited about being there. The day was filled with laughs and fun.
While shopping at a grocery store, Claire withdrew money from the atm. When she returned to shopping, a young woman grabbed her cart. The woman demanded the money Claire had just withdrawn. Claire realized what aisle she was in and grabbed a pack of meat. After receiving a few hits, the would be robber took off.
Daniel hates cold weather but lives in Indiana. He decides to transfer his job to Florida. He talks to his boss and gets approval to move. He packs up all his belongings and sells his house. He moves to Florida and is never cold again!
Kate had trouble staying calm. So one of her friends recommended aromatherapy. Kate laughed at the idea. But she gave in as nothing else worked. The smell of lavender in Kate's room improved her.
Jenny had always wanted to try making bagels. She shaped them into extra-big circles, forgetting they would rise. They bulged like fat pillows, only to flatten in the boiling water. Soon, they resembled nothing more than dry frisbees. Sighing, she decided the grocery stores knew what they were doing.
I heard a gunshot as I was trying to fall asleep. No one in my neighborhood even owns a gun! I was afraid to get close to the window to look out. I woke my husband up and he did what I should have done. The police are on their way!
Beverly has a new baby. She is having trouble getting anything done. One day, she decided to try putting the baby in a carrier. The carrier worked. She was able to get lots done.
The local YMCA was having a breakfast with Santa. We loaded up the kids and made our way to the YMCA. We ate our fill of pancakes and sausage. The kids were thrilled to meet Santa and share their Christmas list. We left the YMCA and went home to make some Christmas cookies.
Anna knew she needed help with her debts and credit score. She had always wanted credit counseling. It was expensive, so she had never gotten it. But finally she made an appointment with a financial advisor. He helped her greatly and Anna was so happy she'd done it!
The student council were having a hard time deciding on themes. They wanted their prom to be memorable but very fun. Some of the suggestions got voted down for being too cliche. Others got voted out for being too outlandish. They finally decided to have a Disco theme.
Jared was trying to quit smoking. He was doing well but he started chewing his fingernails. Jared bought a pack of cheap ballpoint pens. He started chewing on those instead of his fingernails. Jared eventually quit smoking and chewing on pen caps.
Mark and his family were on a vacation cruise. What Mark loved more than the sea was seafood. While his family relaxed, Mark hit the shrimp bar. Mark ate so much shrimp he felt sick. Mark was still happy even as his wife scolded him.
Ben was wandering around the neighborhood with a pickup truck. He saw two sets of furniture on the side of the road. He picked them up and threw it behind his truck. One of the residents volunteers to give him an old photo frame. He gladly took it and thanked the person.
Stephanie looked at her family's coats on the coat rack. It was overfull and very ugly looking. She went to the store and bought a new coat rack. She brought it home and set it up. She organized the coats and was very happy with how it looked.
Joe needed new basketball shoes. He could not afford the ones he wanted. He decided to pick up a job afternoon. He finally saved up enough. He was able to buy the shoes he wanted.
Larry was mowing his grass. It had gotten very tall because he hadn't mowed in weeks. He went across a large hole in the yard. Suddenly, hundreds of yellow jackets rose from the hole. Larry jumped off the mower and ran inside while getting stung.
John got up. He stood in the middle of his team. It was halftime and they were losing. John gave a great speech to motivate his team. They turned it around in the second half and won the game.
Sam was making french fries on the stove. His pot of oil lit on fire. Sam quickly tried to remember how to put out a grease fire. Then, he remembered to smother the flame. He covered it with another pot, and the fire went out.
In August Billy is going overseas for the war. He doesn't want to say goodbye to his wife, kids, and friends. He talks to his friend Tom about looking over his family. Billy feels better about leaving now. Now Bill only focuses on the war, and serving his country.
Roger was riding his bike to work like he usually does. Roger used the bike path and followed all the traffic rules. A car veered close to Roger, the driver was unaware on his phone. The car turned and struck Roger on his bike! Roger was okay though he only got a few bruises.
Pauline loves leggings. She wants to sell soft leggings for profit. With a little help, she started her business. She discovered that many people liked soft leggings. Her business is quite successful.
Tom was up for bat. When the pitcher threw the ball, he swung his bat hard. The whole field heard a loud crack as the bat connected. The ball sailed through the air, only to land in a neighbor's backyard. Baseball was over for the day unless they could get the ball back.
Freeman loved his family. They were very nice to him and never made him sad. One day, he had to go to another country. When he went on the airplane, he missed his family. After the trip, Freeman was very happy when he saw his family.
Jane had a 1000 word essay she needed to prepare for class. She took some time to think of a good topic. She did some research online for material to put in her essay. She wrote and rewrote the essay for hours. Jane ended up with a great 1000 word essay on plant reproduction.
Sammy loved eating fruit. He thought grapes were the best. He took a bunch in his lunch every day. The grapes were cold and sour. Sammy could eat them all day!
Sandy was eating a bag of chips. When she had to go to the bathroom, she left the bag on the table. Several classmates noticed the bag and started to eat it. They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away. Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad.
Sometimes the weather got bad at our water park. You could see the lightning strike on the river. The sand would blow around. The pools will close. One time everyone hid in the bathrooms.
I was looking for ketchup for my burger. I couldn't find it anywhere so I thought we were out! As I continued my search I became more frustrated. I asked someone where the ketchup was and they didn't know! After coming back I realized it was right in front of me.
Mr Blue is taking Mrs Blue out on a date. They decide to go to the Italian restaurant downtown. When they get there, the wait is over two hours! They decide to try a different restaurant instead. The two decided to eat sushi instead.
Wade was very upset. He had lost his wallet! He had looked everywhere but with no luck. But then a stranger called him and said she'd found it! It turned out that Wade had left it at the grocery store.
Dan recently had his second interview with a law firm. Dan had been waiting for a week to hear about being hired. As Dan was about to start his job search again, Dan's phone rang. Dan answered the phone, and got the news that he had got the job! Dan was so elated that he would be the new lawyer at the firm.
Frank was having another baby. He knew he had to let go another one of his toys. Frank loved his old Classic Mustang. Frank finally placed it for sell and waited. Frank found a buyer and sold one of his prized possessions.
Tina wanted to watch a movie on the DVD player. Her brother Cam wanted to watch a baseball game. They fought roughly for control of the TV remote. Their grappling caused them to accidentally knock over the television. Neither of them got what they wanted, since that TV was now broken.
Mani and Mina wanted to get coffee. Mina was having a rough time finding something to wear. Mani thought she looked great in everything she tried on. After a while, Mina listened to Mani. She got dressed to leave with Mani.
It was the day of the super bowl. Jim invited his friends to come over. Jim prepared lots of food. Jim and his friends watched the super bowl. They enjoyed each other's company that night.
Kirby and Melissa met in their college's school spirit group. They were good friends for a few months. They started to develop feelings for each other. They started to date. They were married three years later.
Adler tried to place a fire ant in his brother's bed. He got bit by the ant several times. In addition, he caught an infection. Adler's dad was angry from what happened. He decided to send Adler to summer camp.
Alice didn't want to see an action movie at the theater. So when her friends went to see one that night, she had a plan. They all went inside while she went to pee. And she bought a ticket for a romantic comedy instead. When she met them afterwards, they were none the wiser.
Little Kelly loved Swiss cheese so much. She ate it every afternoon as her snack. She ate it, and it alone, for hundreds of days in a row as her snack. One day, she was shocked to suddenly find it foul and nauseating. It was twenty years before she could eat Swiss cheese again.
Kim went to a thrift store to buy vinyl albums. She walked to the back to find the music section. She sat on the floor as she sorted through the boxes. Kim saw some she wanted and put them aside. Kim took her selection to the register and paid.
John and Kathy went to the park to have a picnic. They were enjoying nice weather and food. While they were sitting in the grass, Kathy found a ring. She found out it was golden ring. The jeweler told them it is worth ten thousand dollars.
My nephew lived across the street from Fresh Pond. When he was 8, he got a fishing pole. We went to the pond to catch some fish. We did not have bait and used gummy worms. We did not catch any fish.
Jared's mom brought him a book of recreation options. He looked through the book. Some of the activities seemed interesting. He picked the one he wanted. Then, he told his mom and she signed him up.
Ivy was sleeping on the beach. She'd gotten a sunburn as she slept. Suddenly she was struck by a volleyball! Nearby players had accidentally hit her. The sunburn made the hit hurt awfully!
Cal tried to use Freedompop for his mobile phone. He bought a phone from them but it didn't work. Cal realized the whole company was a big scam. After 3 calls over two months they agreed to refund his money. Cal politely asked for a confirmation email to prove it.
Ted was confident his Zika risk was low. He knew that Zika was transmitted by mosquitoes. He lived in Phoenix and had not been bitten by a mosquito in 23 years. However, he fell sick on the day of the concert. . He still went to perform and gave a great performance against all odds.
Isabella was happy when she had a day off in the middle of the week. She decided to finally start her spring cleaning. She started with her closest first, taking out clothes she didn't wear. Isabella also cleaned her basement of all its clutter. She loaded her car and drove everything to the local Goodwill store.
Under my yogurt cup there was a chance to win a free ticket. The ticket was VIP to the Grammy awards. To my surprise I won! I could not believe it. I immediately called up all my friends.
Kim had a miscarriage. She was devastated. After a few months she felt a little better. Soon she conceived a beautiful new baby. Kim loved her rainbow baby with all her heart!
I woke up late and was short on time. I rushed around trying to get ready as quickly as possible. I finally left the house only to get stuck in traffic. I arrived 20 minutes late to my office. My boss gave me a warning not to let it happen again.
James had a terrible phobia of spiders. One day he was cleaning out his bathroom. James saw a spider in the cabinet. James shrieked and ran out the door! James had to call his mother to kill the spider for him.
Bill was at a stop light. The light was on red. Billy began to look around while waiting. He suddenly heard a horn behind him. The light had turned green.
Jack went to buy a fur coat. He told the store clerk that he wanted a black coat with fur trim. The store owner told him that fur is murder, and said get out. Jack went to a different store. The other store found him a coat made of fur and he was happy.
Ann wanted an easy lunch. So she opened up a box of mac and cheese. But when she opened it she noticed something. She saw a small black bug inside of it. Ann screamed and threw the box away immediately.
Tom got a lot of candy on Halloween. He had two bags full. The day after Tom ate as much candy as he could. He got incredibly sick that night. From then on Tom didn't stuff himself as much.
Todd was eating at a friend's house. He had a seafood allergy. His friend didn't know about the allergy. The soup had seafood in it. Todd got a mild allergic reaction.
The man had itchy feet. He asked the doctor for help. The doctor gave him some cream. His crotch started to itch as well. The doctor told him to use the same cream.
Jeremy was going on his first fishing trip. Jeremy's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat. With his hook baited, Jeremy put his line in the water. It wasn't long before Jeremy got a bite. He was so excited to catch the biggest fish he had ever seen.
Kim had just got a new little boy in her class. After his first day, he asked if he could walk home with her. It turned out he'd just moved into the house next door. Kim agreed to walk home with him every day. The new neighbor boy soon became her very best friend!
Nia wanted to make a change in her appearance. She asked for some advice on ideas from her friends. One of her friends suggested a new hair stylist in town. Nia went to the hair stylist and he cut her hair. Nia is extremely happy with her new hair cut.
Kelly was 15 and took her first babysitting job. She was supposed to be watching 9-year-old twin boys. But she fell asleep on the couch, and they snuck out. When neighbors saw them at the park, Kelly was busted! She was forbidden from babysitting until at least age 17.
I had a final exam. I decided to not go. My grade was high enough that I could skip the exam. Alas, I didn't read the syllabus correct. I failed the class because the final was worth more than I thought.
She had a craving for mexican food. She went to the store to buy something. She looked at all the options. Nothing looked good to her. She chose a box of frozen taquitos to take home.
One night, I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. I tried to sleep for thirty minutes before I got up. I sat down on my couch and turned on the tv. I found a horror movie and watched it for a while. Finally, I fell asleep on the couch.
Josh worked hard to develop a new app. He perfected it and launched it in the app store. Soon, people started installing it. It became very popular! People were impressed with the easy to use interface.
The family was planning a vacation to Florida. They began by finding a place to stay that was affordable. They then contacted the airline company to get a flight. Once they had flights and a place to stay, they rented a car. Now they just had to wait until it was time to leave.
Keith and his buddies bought tickets to the horse races. They dressed up and drove to the venue. They placed bets on their horses. They watched the races. Their horses won.
There was a dog stuck at home while his owners worked. She really, really, really had to go pee. But the doors were all closed. So she peed in the corner of the living room. Her owners yelled at her when they got home.
Mary was on her way home. When she arrived at the front of the house, she noticed a strange car. She came inside and heard some noise in her room. It turned out to be her husband with another lady. Her husband panicked and immediately apologized.
In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common. We had not gone in years. I worked close by. I met her and walked to the Common. The lights put her into a festive mood.
Jenny was holding the bat. She told Jeff to throw the ball as fast as he can. Therefore, Jeff tried to make a fast pitch. However, Jenny missed the throw and ended up hitting Max. He fell unconscious.
Gina was watching music videos. The cool new girl group had a new video for their new song. In the video they were wearing hats turned backwards. Gina realized she could afford to buy a hat. Gina couldn't afford new clothes, but she would buy a hat like theirs.
Lisa woke up one day with a pain in her neck. When she told her best friend, Terry suggested she get acupuncture. Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous, but decided to go. She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience. Lisa's pain went away, and she was grateful for Terry's advice.
Lisa found a baby bird on the ground. She looked for its nest in the nearby trees. When she found it, she moved a step ladder underneath. Lisa carefully put the baby bird back in its nest. She was very pleased with herself for the good deed.
Nat and James were barbecuing in their backyard. They were both in their pajamas. What they didn't know was that the material was flammable. They were both at the grill cooking their food. All of a sudden their pajamas caught on fire!
Kay had a brand new flip phone with an antenna. She was excited to use her phone and called a friend. She waited for the phone to ring but nothing happened. She looked at her phone to see there was no signal. Kay was upset and thanked goodness this wasn't an emergency.
Francisco wasn't feeling very well, even though he had work. He called in sick. He couldn't sleep, so he tried watching television. When he found there wasn't anything on, he decided on an online game. He was playing when his boss logged on from work.
I was tasked to watch my toddler son while my wife was out on errands. My son began wailing as soon as my wife left the house. I tried to give him some milk and he threw it. He would not stop crying no matter what I did. When my wife got home he immediately stopped crying.
Bill was a small town cop and his brother the town bully. Bill was always getting him out of trouble. One night, Bill got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar. All the customers said it was Bill's brother that had hurt the man. Bill had no choice but to finally lock his brother up.
Emma was watching fireworks over the city. One of the fireworks appeared to explode. A giant orange fireball flew into the air. When it landed, it sparked a huge fire. Luckily the city was able to contain it.
Tom was out putting up christmas lights. It was cold and slippery. He was on top of a ladder. Tom slipped and fell off. He was injured pretty bad.
Jake was offered a new job. It was in a different state. They offered to pay for his move. Jake declined. He didn't want to move so far from family.
Rachel had plants as decorations in her dining room. A big topiary was her favorite. It had three levels stacked on top of each other. She watered it carefully every day. The topiary grew and grew.
I had a stroke in 2011. I survived with hemiparesis. We visited friends in December of 2012. My friend encouraged me to keep exercising to overcome hemiparesis. I told him I had given up, saddening my daughter.
Tim was at a magic show. He loved it so much. He decided to become a magician. He practiced very hard. When he grew up, he was the best magician ever.
Nate was very broke. All his bills were becoming overdue! The one morning, he woke to a happy surprise. His tax refund had been deposited into his account! Happily, Nate went out and paid all his bills.
The principle was giving an award. It was the academic award. She gave it to the smartest student. Everyone cheered for her. The girl was praised the rest of the day in school.
Gina did well in school, but she was shy. Her teacher gave her a part narrating the class play. Gina didn't want to be in the play. She saw the crowd and she froze. Gina ran off the stage crying.
Jake had to tell his parents he was going to get divorced. He knew they would take his wife's side. He was right. He finally had enough. He told them they could marry her, if they loved her that much.
Matt lived in a suburb of Orlando. One day, he saw on the news that had been a lot of black bear sightings. The black bears would go to people's houses and eat their trash. The next day, Matt saw a black bear at his house digging in the trash. Eventually, the bear left his house and his trash.
Ashley wanted to purchase a new sofa. She had to decide between new or used. Ashley compared the prices between new and old. Ashley discovered that she could save a lot of money buying used. Ashley decided to purchase a used sofa instead of a new one.
Jimmy couldn't ever get in contact with his friends easily. He decided to buy a cell phone. Jimmy went to the phone store to pick a phone. Jimmy picked an iphone. Now Jimmy can easily contact his friends
Abe found an email from his apartment manager. She had written that FedEx dropped his package off in the lobby. She'd taken it and put it at his door and just wanted him to know. Abe was irritated she'd had to do that. He wondered why FedEx couldn't come to his door where UPS could.
Jerry was a very bad student. He never studied for any exams. One day, he studied very hard for his science test. He got an A. His teacher praised him.
Jim and Janie Jones had a cat named Vixen. Jim and Janie brought a new baby home one day. Vixen did not like the new baby. Vixen began to tear the curtains in the house. Vixen was sent to live at Grandma's house.
Brian, a wildlife specialist, took in an abandoned tiger cub. He cared for the animal and nursed it. After the cub grew to a certain size, Brian took it to the local zoo. Brian got a special pass to see the tiger whenever he wants, up close. To this day, Brian is sure that tiger recognizes him.
Madeline decided to take a nice walk in the park. On this walk she was caught off guard. Madeline saw a white rabbit in the park. The rabbit seemed like it wanted a home. Madeline took the rabbit home.
Carlos lost all his belongings. His apartment building had a huge fire. Carlos was sad and was devastated. He went to live with his aunt. Eventually Carlos got his life back together.
Paul had a lucky quarter that he always kept in his shirt pocket. One day, Paul went into the bank to make a deposit. Suddenly, robbers rushed in and began firing their guns! Paul was shot and fell to the floor as the robbers took off! Paul was shocked that his lucky quarter had stopped the bullet!
Jen never wanted kids. One day she fell pregnant. She had a daughter 9 months later. Jen loved her daughter instantly. She is so happy to have her daughter.
Todd wanted to buy a mouse for PC gaming. He found that most options were expensive and gimmicky. There were a few reasonable-looking and high-quality options. But these were outside of his budget. Todd settled for a regular non-gaming mouse for his purposes.
A third base coach gave the wrong sign to a player on first. The player ran to steal second base and was almost thrown out. The coach felt in the moment so he told the player to steal again. Once again the player tried to steal a base but was thrown out. That was the third out and the inning was over.
Donald played chess on his computer. He was very good but the computer was even better. Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match. The computer remained silent. Donald yelled at the computer as if it were a person.
When I was young, I had a crazy dog. She got stuck on the other side of the lake. My mom arrived to pick me up. I yelled for my dog Petie to come around the lake. However, she dove in and swam across the middle.
Nia was making stir fry. Her forearm got a bad burn. She applied antibiotic cream to it. Then she covered it for a few days. Soon Nia's burn looked much better!
Kelly got the animal crossing game. She thought it was so much fun. She played it nonstop. She played it so much she broke her game console. At that point she couldn't play again.
A nurse at a hospital was working get shift in the labor unit. A mother had abandoned her baby upon birth. The nurse couldn't have children and decided to take the baby home. Her husband was shocked, but nonetheless grateful. The whole family welcomed the baby with open arms.
Carol went snorkeling while in Florida. While snorkeling, she got stung by several jellyfish. Her tour guide sprinkled meat tenderizer over the stings. The pain went away almost immediately. Carol recovered, but she gets anxious when she sees meat tenderizer.
The neighborhood kids were having a water balloon fight. Aaron flung a balloon in the direction of Eve. He hadn't meant it to do so, but it accidentally hit her face! Crying, Eve accused Aaron of doing it on purpose. Upset, Aaron vociferously apologized until Eve believed him.
Today I went to cvs. Peanut m&ms were on sale. I wanted to buy some. I put some in my mouth. I ate all of them at once.
Lori's boyfriend wasn't very smart. She wanted to break up with him, but didn't want to hurt his feelings. She introduced him to a friend she thought he would like. Pretty soon, Lori's boyfriend broke up with her to date her friend. Lori found a new guy, and now everyone is happy.
I went to Church Camp one year. We took a long nature hike into the woods. Suddenly, a family of bumble bees started swarming me and I ran. I soon became lost in the woods for hours, and was terrified. Later on, a church search party had found me and took me back.
I walked to the mailbox to see if I got any mail. There was only bills and a single personal letter. The letter was addressed to a person I didn't know. I ripped open the letter and read it anyway. I wrote back to the sender and told him to not bother me.
Milton was a drunk who enjoyed making his nieces and nephews cry. He was three times their age but enjoyed making them angry. One day while drunk beyond words he slurred and fell on a child. It was his own niece and she was hurt pretty bad, she broke a leg. The family banned him and he became a homeless drunk.
My family and I went to Six Flags over the summer. My brother and I decided to go on the scariest roller coaster ever! We were both so nervous. We got on the ride and screamed the whole way. In the end, we had a lot of fun and wanted to go on again!
Travis loved to play with his toy trains. He had trains of all varieties, from big to small. His friend were envious of his trains, and plotted to steal them. They went to Travis' house in the dead of night. They found that Travis had locked his house up too tight to enter.
Timmy had a checkup today. He was scheduled to get shots. His mommy took him to the doctor. Timmy was scared, but he stayed brave. He got the shots, and didn't even cry.
Tom was ready to eat at the buffet. He ate as much food as possible. Then he went back for more. When he left, his stomach hurt really bad. He learned to never eat like that again.
Molly is going to the amusement park today! She is nervous because she has never been on a rollercoaster. Johnny tells Molly to ride the one that goes upside down first. On the rollercoaster, Molly is so scared that she gets sick. Molly puked all over Johnny!
Tom was frugal. He wanted to reduce his expenses. He decided to cancel his cable TV service. He called the company. He cancelled the service.
Nathan dove into the pool. He over rotated his body during the dive. He hit the water on his back. The lifeguard heard the noise. The lifeguard jumped into the pool to help Nathan.
Carl went for a hike along a wide river. When it got really hot he took his clothes off and went for a swim. The water felt good to Carl. He swam to the other side of the river. When he got out he realized he clothes were on the other side.
Wilce always wanted to go to the Amazon. To swim in its rivers, and study its animals. He had an issue though, he couldn't walk. That didn't stop him though, and he became an environmental scientist. Years later, he was able to swim in the amazon and meet its animals.
When I was 15, I had an imaginary friend. My imaginary friend was named Jeff. Jeff was always with me, even if he was imaginary. When I was 16, I no longer needed an imaginary friend. Jeff left my life and I haven't seen him since.
Darrel was fifteen. It was his birthday and his family forgot. He acted up and got into a fight with his dad. He was kicked out and told never to return. He never did.
Madison was going to a party. She knew her mother didn't want her to go to the party. Madison told her mother she was sleeping at a friend's. Madison's mother called the friend because she forgot her clothes. Madison's mother found out that she lied.
Sally signed up for her first 5K. She had been training for a few months. She was determined to beat her personal record. When race day came, she was ready. Sally beat her record and finished in a great time.
Marissa was pregnant but far from her due date. She was planning on a relaxing month before she would give birth. Suddenly one day she began feeling pains. She thought it must be something else since it was so early. To her shock, it was the baby who was early but healthy.
A young man worked as an apprentice at a bicycle shop. A customer sent a bike into the shop for repair. The young boy repaired the bike. Other workers laughed at him for doing redundant work. He got a job, after the boss noticed what great work he did.
Phil lived in a suburban neighborhood that had many animal visitors. Phil's favorite visitor was a young buck deer. This deer would nap outside his window during the day. Phil thought maybe one of his cats would find the deer interesting. When he placed the cat in the window it became frightened and fled.
Damien needed to purchase a new car. He went to several car dealers to look at options. He went online to further research the topic. Damien decided on a Ford Mustang. Two weeks later he went to the Ford dealer and purchased one.
I went to my favorite cafe yesterday. When I sat down, an attractive woman was sitting in the easy chair. That is my usual chair, so I asked her to move immediately. She protested, but I made her laugh with a few quick jokes. We ended up talking for hours, and now we're dating.
Tom hated bugs. It was a warm day during the summer. And a whole swarm of mosquitos gathered around tom. He started to swat them away. But they were so energetic he ended up running inside his house.
Gina's friend May was making friendship bracelets in class. Gina wanted to make one for herself. So she watched as May made them. Gina was a quick learner. In no time she had learned how to make the bracelets herself.
My girlfriend was born in India. Her mom is an Anglo-Indian with very foreign mannerisms. I had never tasted curry until I came to visit two months ago. I have now had curry forced down my throat for 42 days. I really do love curry though, but I miss sushi.
Kyle had a lingering flu. Finally his mom took him to the doctor. After a chest x-ray, the doctor said Kyle had pneumonia! He needed very strong medication. It was very lucky Kyle had seen the doctor for treatment in time!
The new house is so perfect for us. It has a huge yard for the kids. The basement is finished for dad. I love the kitchen. Like I said, it is perfect.
Morty got into his car, ready to run some errands. He searched through his pockets for keys, but couldn't find anything. He went back into the house and searched all over. He couldn't find them and walked back out to his car to call a smith. He let out a sigh of relief as he noticed the keys were in the door.
When I was little I used to chew my fingernails as a habit. My mom told me if I continued doing this it would make me really fat. Her plan worked, as my fear of getting huge stopped my nasty habit. Well, one day we saw our neighbor in the store, being quite pregnant. I pointed at her belly, saying I knew what she had been doing!
Tom was running for government office. His campaign was going alright. During a debate Tom made a big mistake. He said a racial slur. It tanked Tom's chances of winning.
Tim worked as a painter and decorator. He specialised in working on bathrooms. One job, Tim only had an hour to do an entire bathroom. He tiled and painted all at the same time. Somehow, he finished with 5 minutes to spare.
Tim was experiencing mild stomach pain. And he searched for remedies online. He found that eating a banana could help. And doing so made his stomach feel better. He decided to eat a banana everyday from then on.
Katy knew it was naughty, but one night she stayed up for Santa. To her surprise, she saw her parents eating Santa's cookies. It was just to test them, they explained, and put her in bed. When she woke up, Santa had brought presents and eaten his cookies! It had all happened just like Mommy and Daddy said!
Jordan was on a hike with her family. She had gained a huge lead before them. By the end of the hike, they were way behind her. She had to sit and wait for them, which was boring. Luckily, they showed up not too long later.
Kenny has always wanted to play professional baseball. He has had several try outs and no team ever showed interest. One day he goes to a try out and gives it his all. A few days later Kenny hears back from them. The team decides to sign him and he joins the team.
As a child I jumped up and down. The time had come for our family to get a new dog. They were all different shapes and sizes. I couldn't pick which one I wanted so I just kept picking up new dogs. My brother though was stuck on one, and she became Lady.
Arthur was a great catfisher. He would usually catch a dozen when he went late at night. One night, he hadn't caught anything. He went home disappointed. His friend confessed later to stealing all the fish he'd caught.
Sherry is a secretary at a local law firm. Today her office was audited. Sherry had to pull thousands of documents for the auditors. It took her all day to pull the required documents. When was finished Sherry was exhausted!
School started for little Suzy every day at 7. One day she slept past her alarm. She ran as quickly as she could to school. She was still late. That was the first time she ever got in trouble at school.
Bill saved up a lot of money to buy a new computer. He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked. He bought the computer and spent all of his money. He was very excited and brought the computer home. But when he opened the box, he saw the computer was broken!
The dog was run over by a pick up. It's owner was nearby. I didn't want to traumatize the little girl. I went over and removed the dog. I went to her house and explained to her mother what happened.
My 98 year old friend Joe is lonely. Today he asked my wife, sister in law and myself to dinner. My sister in law was out of town and my son was coming over for dinner I had to tell him we could not go. Joe sounded sad.
She was grounded for two whole months. She was very angry with her parents about it. She ran to her room and locked the door. She texted her best friend to vent her complaints. She was even angrier when her friend didn't respond.
Erin loved roller coasters. She went to her favorite amusement park for her birthday. Erin rode 12 different roller coasters in one day! She enjoyed the thrill she got everytime there was a drop. Erin returned many times to ride the roller coasters.
The school play was weeks away, but Millicent was already nervous. She considered dropping out, but her teacher persuaded her not to. The teacher advised her just to concentrate on memorizing her lines. The teacher knew Millicent wouldn't be nervous if she was prepared. Millicent worked hard on her lines and the play ended up being a hit!
Asha never cooked for her Husband before. She wanted to try something new and surprise him. She looked up five recipes and finally chose meat loaf. Asha rushed to the store to get the ingredients before he got off. At the store she forgot some ingredients but successfully made dinner.
Our dog, who was alone all day, was always very upset when I got home. I investigated traffic noise and construction, but the street was calm. After searching the house, we realized the television was scaring her. Left on all day, it blared reality shows with shouting, angry people. After switching to the cooking channel, our dog calmed down.
Jon decided to call in sick to go to a baseball game. He decided the baseball game was more important than work. At the game, he was approached by another fan. The fan turned out to be his manager who also went to the game. Jon was fired on the spot.
Wendy had a class first thing in the morning. She overslept for the class so missed her breakfast. When she arrived late, the tried to sneak into the lecture hall. As soon as she sat down, her belly made the loudest grumble. Her attempt to sneak into the class had failed at that point.
Alex downloaded some music online. He listened to it. His computer began to freak out. He tried to find the problem. The computer broke because of a virus.
Alicia went to the beach with her cousins. At first she thought it was a short walk. But they ended up having to walk a very long way. Alicia was so tired. She thought she might collapse from walking so far.
Anna was kayaking in the bay one day. Suddenly a freak storm rolled up. Huge clouds and gusts of rain threatened her. Anna paddled furiously back to shore. She was very lucky to make it before the storm really hit full-force!
We would go to my grandpas property every summer. We would play baseball with our cousins. We would spend all afternoon out there. It was so much fun even though it was 2 on 2. It is one of my favorite childhood memories.
Tom loved watching movies. He bought a new projector to see them on a bigger screen. Unfortunately he wasn't able to control lighting that well. Tom realized he needed new curtains and a screen. He wound up spending a lot of money on his hobby.
Jeremy went to Europe last year. He visited France, Italy and Spain. He learned some French and Spanish, but no Italian. On his way back, he sit on the plane next to an Italian woman. She didn't speak any English so they couldn't communicate at all.
I worked at job where I received a promotion. My new supervisor made me uncomfortable. My right foot tapped for no reason whenever she was around. This new supervisor made my skin hairs stand up. My gut reaction was warning me not to trust her.
I decided to flirt with a cute waiter by leaving a note with the bill. A few moments later he comes back to the table and calls my name. When I raise my hand, he smiles and steps closer to me. He whispers in my ear a thank you for the note. Then he tells me that my card is declined.
Joss Whedon had created two hit movies. He signed into his Twitter account and had dozens of mean messages. One tweet said he was going to die, another said his movies suck. Whedon closed his Twitter account and stopped using social media. At a panel about his films, a fan begged him to come back to Twitter.
Paul was in a car with a bunch of his friends. And they were playing music really loudly. Everyone enjoyed it except Paul. And when they stopped at intersections, Paul ducked in his seat. The whole car ride, Paul worried what others drivers were thinking.
My niece lives in Greenfield, MA. She used to go to Maine every summer with her parents. This year she started working. As a result, she could go to Maine for only a few days. She said she did like growing up.
John wanted to be a computer programmer. He knew he needed to study a lot. He purchased flash cards. He wrote code on the flash cards. He used the flashcards to help himself memorize information.
Ray was the slowest on the team. He needed a 6 minute mile in order to qualify for the race. He decided to train an extra hour everyday. He eventually got a 6 minute mile. He was able to join the race and he did very well.
Allen was late getting out of bed this morning. He was stuck behind a red light on the way in. After the light he drove behind a slow school bus. He got to work 15 minutes late because of this. His boss told him to never let it happen again.
It was the first day of school, the kids were excited. They were really keen to see their friends again after the holiday. They raced up the hill to the bus stop, but the bus never came. Confused, they double checked the calendar when they returned home. They had the wrong day, school starts tomorrow!
Tina couldn't stop whining about becoming broke. She tried calling her boyfriend, but he wouldn't respond. However, my mom called Tina to go see her. She gave Tina an envelope. When the envelope was opened, several hundred dollars appeared.
Jake needed a new pair of shoes. He found the perfect pair. His mom said he could not have them. Jake decided to get a job to buy them. He was excited when he had enough money.
Billy was walking home from school. On the way, he twisted his ankle. A motorist stopped to help him. The motorist took him to the hospital. Billy ankle is healing fine, now.
Meg and her boyfriend headed to a town on the Mexican border. Suddenly, they realized they'd forgotten something at home. Meg's boyfriend made a U-turn on the road. Then, they heard sirens and saw official cars surrounding them. Meg realized the U-turn was right before the border checkpoint.
I noticed my kitchen was getting dirty. I decided to clean it and put on gloves. I turned on the sink water and began to scrub the dishes. While putting dishes in the dishwasher, I dropped a plate. The plate broke into little pieces, and then I cleaned the mess.
My friend made a cake for a big birthday party. I got to the party early. I hungrily stared at the delicious cake. I knew I couldn't have any before the party started. So I chewed on some crackers to ease my hunger.
Once I had a bat in my house. Instinct kicked in and I ran out of my house for several blocks. I found myself at my friends house and dialed 911. The police arrived shortly after. They captured the bat and sent it away for rabies testing.
Kate rode her bicycle to school. As she was riding, one of her tires popped. She had to walk the rest of the way to school. When she got to school, one of the teachers helped fix her bike. Kate was happy to have nice teachers.
Ashley's neighbors had just moved into the house. Ashley loved to bake. She baked a cake. Ashley brought the cake to the neighbors. The neighbors felt welcomed with Ashley's visit.
Christian was born in British occupied India. In 1941, the Japanese army invaded. Christian was sent to a camp for political prisoners. Christian went hungry, and cried every night in his bed. One day, he was freed by American forces.
Tom flew a plane he owned over the ocean. He could see for miles when he was in the sky. His plane had engine problems. He had to take an emergency landing. The next day he got an all clear and was flying high again.
Carlos was getting married. During the wedding he wanted to play a song on the piano for his wife. But Carlos does not know how to play the piano. So Carlos learned how to play a piano. He played his wife favorite song and she loved it.
JJ was turning 16 next week. He was excited to get his driver's license. His father took him to the DMV. They wanted in line for a long time. Eventually, JJ passed his test.
Abbey bought a camcorder for a family holiday. One evening, she took it outside and started filming animals. She noticed her neighbors outside and started filming. The neighbor caught her filming and yelled. Abbey ran inside and ran upstairs when she heard the doorbell.
Kelly slipped and fell at work. She landed on her back and hurt her spine. They rushed her to the hospital. There, they treated her for over a month! Luckily, Kelly healed - and her employer paid the bill!
Tracey had a love for one specific brand of clothing. She would spend hundreds of dollars on these clothes. That is, until her husband opened the credit card bill. Tracey and her husband were supposed to be saving for a home. He was very disappointed in Tracey's shopping habits.
I had a swimming party at my house one summer. I invited over lots of different girls from school. They all came to the party, except one. She showed up with her parents, because they wanted to meet me. We quickly became best friends that summer.
John was the only boy in his dance class. He wasn't sure he would get along with all of the girls. The teacher said it was time to find a partner. All of the girls wanted John as a partner. John liked being the only boy in his dance class.
The kids were headed back to school. It was a new school year. They were excited and nervous. It would be their first year in the new school. They were anxious to see who was in their class.
Kate was at a club. She was having a good time and feeling relaxed. A guy she had been ignoring walked by showing the tattoo on his arm. Without thinking Kate touched the tattoo and caught his attention. She was mortified when she realized what she had done.
Ava took the no-electricity challenge. She had to go without electricity for 30 days. She turned her phone off and unplugged her computer. Then she flipped all her lights off. She had to use candles to see for 30 whole days!
Justin loves fresh fruit. Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day. Today's list was apples and strawberries. So he asked his mom to take him to the nearest orchard. Then they used all the fruits to bake special treats!
Carol was nervous about her surgery. She prepared by not eating anything. When the day of the surgery arrived she was put under by anesthesia. While the doctors worked, she stayed fast asleep. By the time she woke up, the surgery was over.
I told her I wanted to go to the concert. She had bought extra tickets and invited me. We went and stayed until after the show. We got invited out to the parking lot with the band. My friend made out with the drummer.
My grandparents took my brother and I to Lego World. There were Lego buildings and statues everywhere! My brother and I went on a Lego roller coaster. It was so much fun! We were so happy that our grandparents took us to Lego World.
Kim and Beth had tickets for the Top of the Rock. They waited all day to see the Rockefeller Center observation deck. Looking out of New York was intoxicating. They took as many pictures as they could. They were so happy with the pictures they didn't care the tour ended.
My wife wanted to go dancing. We put on our fancy clothes and went to the club. When we got there we had a drink and listened to the music. Then we started to dance and having a lot of fun. We did not go home until the dance club closed.
Fred went on the pool. He wanted to go swimming. He also wanted to go on the water slide. When he went on it someone else wanted to go on it. He had to learn to share.
Bonnie was not ready for the history test tomorrow. When she went to bed she wished it would snow. That way school would be cancelled so she could study more. She was excited when she woke to four inches of snow. She spent the whole day studying so she'd be ready for the test.
It was a rainy day outside. Tim decided to stay inside. He made himself comfortable on his bed. He got out his favorite book and read for hours. When he was done reading, the sun began to shine outside.
I met this beautiful woman. I thought this would be the only time I would see her. During the next few days, I caught a fever. I got admitted into the hospital. Surprisingly, she was a child life specialist and saw me.
Brad had a really thick beard. He had not shaved for 3 months. It was his brother's wedding tomorrow. He wanted to look sharp. He shaved his beard the night before to look suave at the wedding.
Jo was decorating her professional healing space on a small budget. She went to a thrift shop for supplies to make crystal displays. A deviled egg tray was perfect for making a ring of small crystals. Assorted candle holders were ideal for display pillars. With a little imagination, Jo got her decorations on a shoestring!
Susan wanted to get in shape and lose weight. She wanted to exercise, but the gym intimidated her. She tried lifting free weights, but she couldn't lift very much! Then she tried plain old walking to get in shape. After a month of daily walking, she'd lost weight and she felt great!
John jumped out the the plane, terrified beyond words. He pulled the parachute cord but the chute didn't deploy. John scrambled for the backup cord, certain he was going to die. The backup chute deployed! As John floated down to earth, he felt more alive than ever before.
Hailey was playing basketball in the gym with her friends. Hailey fell down and rolled her ankle with all of her weight on it. The ankle swelled up and turned colors because of a very dark bruise. Hailey needed to go to the doctors and a appointment was made for her. The doctor saw her and said her ligament was torn and needed surgery.
Every weekend Kelly brings her cat named Dexter to our house to visit. Our cat Pete bullies Dexter. One morning we heard a loud cat shriek. We found Pete in the bedroom laying silently by the dresser. We found Dexter cowering in fear under that dresser.
Mia ordered a drink at the bar. As she was alone, a man came to sit next to her right away. She ignored him. But he kept jabbing away. The man only left when Mia's boyfriend arrived.
Jason was going to attend a wedding. He needed to buy a suit. Jason knew he wouldn't need the suit again. He didn't want to spend a lot of money. Jason got a suit at a thrift shop.
Jessie was a bratty, know it all girl. She'd point out to all the other kids when they were wrong. She tattled to the teacher whenever she could. When it came time for recess none of the children would play with her. Jessie didn't mind because she told herself she was better than them.
I did not enjoy Spanish class this year. My grades weren't good, so I needed to do well on the final exam. Studying for hours on end, I stayed up all night before the test. I passed the final exam with a 92 percent. I never have to speak Spanish again!
John's son wanted an rc car. So he saved up money to buy one for him. It was very powerful and had a top speed of over 40 mph. But John's son was too immature for the expensive machine. And it landed in a pool after he used a ramp to try to jump across it.
After the saw cut my arm, I yelled for help. It hurt very badly. My aunt came outside and picked me up. She took me to the hospital. I had to get 15 stitches to sew it up.
My son went to Six Flags last weekend. He has never liked roller coasters. He went to a lot of rides. At the end of the day he rode the Superman Roller Coaster. He said it was not that bad after all.
My Aunt bought a special shower head that filters water. It was supposed to keep her colored hair from turning funny colors. I would never tell my Aunt, but I think she chooses the funny colors. I guess when I get older I will try to hide my gray hair too. However, I'm not so sure filtered water will help.
Carl decided to scare his brother. He headed out to the corn fields and began to make circles. After finishing, he ran to get his brother. His brother called the news in dismay. Carl is now grounded by his parents for his pranks.
I went to see a movie with my girlfriend The tickets to the show we wanted to see were too expensive. We decided to buy tickets to a different movie. Then we snuck into the movie we originally wanted to see. It was definitely worth the risk!
We moved from our condo in 2013. We had been in our condo since 1987. My wife went to the store to buy moving boxes. She bought boxes that were too large. We had trouble lifting them on moving day, but we managed.
Johnny was in high school. The high school dance was coming up and Johnny didn't have a date. Johnny really wanted to ask Elizabeth to the dance. Elizabeth was already going with Mike. Johnny reluctantly asked Rachel to the dance instead.
Sam wanted to go gambling. He decided to check out a river boat. He had fun gambling but lost too much money. Sam decided to enjoy the entertainment instead. After a while he went home having had adequate fun.
My uncle had a dog named Peaches. She was a snippy Chihuahua. One day we went to visit them. As Peaches jumped into my uncle's lap, my mother made a face. She said Peaches looked like their sister, Janet.
A new roommate moved into my apartment. He was one of the nicest people I have ever met. Unfortunately, he snored so loudly that I could not sleep. I finally confronted him about his snoring. He was so nice that he bought me earplugs to wear at night.
Sam had his hours cut back at work. He lost his health insurance. Sam couldn't afford his medications. Sam found a job with more hours and insurance coverage. Sam applied for the new job.
Alan was invited to the Sadie Hawkins dance at school. He thought he was a bad dancer, so he was nervous. But he did his best to appear confident when he arrived at the dance. He and his date waltzed and fox-trotted around the ballroom. Later, his friends all told him what a great dancer he was!
John was vacationing in the mountains of western North Carolina. He drove the winding roads stopping to photograph waterfalls. He stopped for gas and a found a restaurant at the gas station. It turned out to be a casual, but fine, french restaurant. It was the best meal that he could ever remember.
Tina went for her first swim lesson. She had no idea how to swim. When she went into the water she got scared. She was afraid she would drown. Luckily the lifeguard was there to help.
Gina needed to find something to pry open her frozen car door. She went back into the house. But her boots were covered in snow. Gina didn't want to remove her shoes. So instead of the kitchen, she went downstairs to the basement.
Julie wanted to go to the beach. She packed up everything and drove there. After a few hours, she had a feeling that she had forgotten something. Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was. She now keeps always keeps sunscreen in her beach bag.
Ben and Jill spent all morning making lemonade and cookies to sell. They got everything set up and ready to go. They were outside for about ten minutes when it started to pour. The rainy just wouldn't stop. So Ben and Jill enjoyed the cookies and lemonade themselves.
May wanted to do something fun over the weekend. But she and her friends had no money for shopping. They couldn't even afford to see a movie! So May decided to take them camping in the woods nearby. The girls all had more fun than they could have imagined!
Keith is climbing a tall mountain. Keith wants to reach the top. He is giving it all he has to reach the top. Keith finally reaches the top. Keith has a seat and takes in the view from the top.
I've always wanted to run a marathon. I can only run a few miles though before I'm tired. I hired a personal trainer to help train me. We've been training for four months and making good progress. I have a little further to go before I'm marathon ready.
Simon had put off doing his math homework until late in the evening. He was too tired to finish the assignment. He told he would wake up extra early and finish in the morning. Simon forgot to set his alarm clock and overslept. He started to cry because he knew he would get a detention.
Ginger was extremely afraid of spiders. Her fear started when she noticed an egg sac in her home. She got rid of the sac, but her fear remained. She decided to go to therapy for her extreme fear. After two months of therapy, ginger conquered her fear.
Chuck is being overworked at work. He is putting in over fifty hours a week. He talked to his boss and asked to be switched to part time. His boss countered offered with thirty five hours a week. Chuck accepted the offer and was happy.
Greg disliked Bob because Bob was mean to everyone. Eventually Greg got tired of Bob's actions and wanted to fight him. Greg challenged Bob to meet him at the park for a fight. Bob was too scared to fight, and apologized to Greg for being mean. Bob decided to stop being mean to people and became Greg's friend.
Nancy was rich and bred well but she loved a poor man. Her family forbid her to date a man who wasn't rich. They told her to never stoop so low! Then one afternoon she saw him speaking with her parents, all smiling. He revealed that he had just won $1 million in the lottery!
Clay was great at hitting. The coach knew this and told him to go hit for another player. Clay got up to the plate. The pitcher threw a fastball. Clay knocked it out of the park.
Walt knew he'd had too much to drink. He left his car parked in front of the bar and walked home. Crossing the avenue, another drunk driver almost hit him. He yelled at the guy, chasing the car down the street. Winded, he fell to his knees, vowing to stop drinking for good.
Lisa couldn't wait to attend the shoe sale. She heard it was going to be very crazy. She made sure to get there early. Despite that, she couldn't get in the door. All the shoes were sold out.
Toby was at the store trying to buy food. He had lost his card so he was trying to use a check. He handed it to the clerk who ran it through the reader. Suddenly he heard a rejecting sound and the clerk said no. Toby's check had been rejected for some reason.
Gabe was taking pictures with his sister. He couldn't help but hold his fingers up behind her head. He liked making it look like she had bunny ears. His mom would always yell at him. She wanted to take a nice picture!
I played with toy blocks for a long time. When I got them, I was really excited. They were all different colors so I loved to look at them. I played with them for hours that first day. I even invited my brother to play with me.
My wife and I moved to our new house two summers ago. When we arrived the sky let loose and started to rain. We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour. The next day we woke to a dull roar. When I looked outside there were loudly croaking frogs everywhere!
Abigail was in class when the bell for lunch rang. She suddenly remembered that she had forgotten her lunch money check. She couldn't afford any food so she went straight to sitting down. Her friend joined her soon and saw that she had no food. Luckily, she offered to share with Abigail.
Julie had always made good grades. She was in high school and knew grades meant a lot. Julie made a mistake and cheated on a quiz. Her teacher caught her. However, she let Julie retake the quiz.
I once wanted to have a pet frog. A purple frog would be the perfect pet. My friends laughed and said that frogs cannot be purple. I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs. I enjoyed telling my friends that they were wrong.
Sam wanted to get fireworks for the Fourth of July. He bought big fireworks and small fireworks. He even got sparklers. His family and friends showed up at his house. Sam put on a spectacular show!
Ralph noticed his dog's start to pace nervously. He knew this could be one of two things. He looked out the window and saw the ominous clouds. He got up immediately and closed all the windows in his house. He then got his dogs a treat so that they could calm down.
Stew really wanted to learn how to play chess. He checked a few books out of the library about how to play. Then he went to the store to buy a chess set. After a few days he had a good grasp on the basics of the game. Now he's president of his high school's chess club.
George had been searching and interviewing for internships. He happened to be on his computer at 3 am when an email came through. A major company had one slot left for an interview. The interview would go to the first person to ask for it. George got the interview and got the internship.
Delores was a new grandma. She had one grandson who was a baby. Delores wanted to spoil him, so he bought him a pony. It would be a few years before he could ride it. Delores couldn't wait to buy him more gifts!
Sherry hates basketball. Sherry's boyfriend Tom loves basketball. Sherry tries to learn more about basketball to make Tom happy. For Tom's birthday she surprises him with tickets to a game. Sherry attends her first basketball game with Tom.
One day John and his dog went to the beach. While on the beach they walked down the sea shore. After a little while John threw a stick for his dog. His dog jumped up and caught the stick in mid-air! After that they walked back along the shore to go home.
Edward was a knight in 13th century England. He fought in every jousting tournament available. In one jousting match he was knocked from his horse. He broke four bones in the fall. Edward never jousted again.
Daniel was excited to get a remote control boat for his birthday. He asked his dad to drive him to the lake to try it out. When they got to the lake it was pretty windy. Daniel's dad told him it would be a good idea not to take the boat out. Daniel agreed but he was still very excited to have the boat.
I went to the mall yesterday. I thought there was a sale. So I showed up at the store. There was no sale. I was so upset.
Laura and Nick adopted a baby girl. One month later they were surprised to find out Laura was pregnant. When Laura had her first ultrasound they saw twins! Laura and Nick joked that they ended up with a three-for-one special. They named the twins Charlotte and Carson.
Pierre always wanted to be rich. His minimum wage jobs just weren't cutting it. So, he decided to become an entrepreneur and sell fancy things. After two years, he became a millionaire. His dreams came true and he was finally rich.
Janie had to buy a certain pair of stockings for dance camp. She searched online for the right stocking size. She found a pair priced real cheap online. They arrived on time but had a huge rip on one of the legs. Janie had to rush order a new pair from a different store.
John's friends wanted to cheer him up after his mom died. His friends asked him to be part of the relay race. The team consisted of only John and his friends. John was grateful of being involved in the race. John thanked his friends for cheering him up.
Jenny stopped at the flower shop to buy her mom flowers. She checked the money in her pocket as she went into the shop. A clerk approached to find out what Jenny needed. Jenny pointed to a bundle of flowers. Jenny clutched the bundle of flowers close and hurried home.
Eric decided to go to the store on monday to buy stamps. He needed to find enough change so he searched through his jeans. He pulled out a dollar and found an old lottery ticket stuck to it. Curious, he scratched the ticket with his fingernail. Eric forgot that he needed to buy stamps.
Jasmine played in the poker tournament last night. She was really nervous, but she played well. A big pot developed at the final table. Jasmine had three aces but lost all of her chips. She was satisfied with her third place finish and the prize money.
Kim had an amazing closet. Her shoe collection was the envy of all of her friends. She bought seven more pairs of shoes this weekend. Kim liked to go in her closet and try them all on. She could give up anything in her life, just not her shoes.
John and his wife had been married for many years. His wife was becoming exhausted with her work and kids. John wanted to do something nice for his wife. He decided to take her out on a fancy date. His wife felt much better afterwards.
Tom was coming out of a concert. The parking lot at the arena was huge. He drank too much and had no clue where he parked. He figured it was best not to drive anyway. He took a cab home and picked up the car the next day.
I was tired of my old grey walls. I went to the store and bought several gallons of paint. I painted a mural and bricks on the wall. My family came home. They loved the paint and said it looked amazing.
Yesterday I was cleaning up papers. I then got a finger cut. It hurt a bit. I had to put stuff on it. Then I sealed it with a band aid.
The baby was eating his lunch. He played and smashed the banana on the tray. His mother sang as she cleaned while he ate. Soon the baby grunted and pooped his pants. He smiled with delight and waited to be changed.
Gary sat with a girl he's interested in on the bus. They talked for several minutes. They also communicated well with each other. When Gary asked for her name, she wasn't smiling anymore. She said that she has a boyfriend.
Tom really wanted a videogame for his birthday. He told his parents exactly which one he wanted. Unfortunately they never paid much attention. They got him a completely different game. Tom was upset and never played it.
Ben had invited his crush to prom. And she had accepted! Now Ben had to learn to dance. He took lessons from a dance school for weeks. On prom night, he owed his crush with his great dancing!
Tony was on vacation with his family. On the plane he read his favorite fantasy novel. Later at the hotel he wanted to read some more. This time he couldn't find it and he searched everywhere. He soon realized he'd left his book on the plane.
Jeff wanted to learn how to drive. But he had a bad memory. He failed his permit test twice times. But he was determined to pass. After three more tries, he passed.
Harley developed a habit of hoarding newspapers. His apartment was so full of newspapers that he faced eviction. After an intervention he was motivated to clean out his apartment. Harley got rid every paper, and the local media picked up his story. Harley bought a paper to read about himself, and the hoarding resumed.
Gary has worn glasses almost his entire life. He does not like needing glasses to see well. After he saw laser surgery on television, he called their office. They quoted him a high price for each eye. Gary now thinks his glasses are a nice cheap alternative to surgery.
Wendy thought a dark tan would complement her prom dress. She bought some quick tanning lotion to do the trick. Wendy slathered the lotion on a few hours before prom. When her date arrived, he handed Wendy a corsage. Wendy held out her hand and saw her palm was vivid orange.
Will was taking his girlfriend to meet his friends. His old ex-girlfriend was going to be there, as well. He was really worried about the two girls meeting. When they met, things felt really awkward. It was so uncomfortable that his girlfriend wanted to leave.
Hannah was riding her bike across the neighborhood. She eventually came across a wide slope. As soon as the bike moved downhill, it moved too fast. She couldn't control the speed. As a result, she ran into a tree.
Kermit and Kosmo were best friends. Kermit had a habit of telling secrets, however. He told his friend Judy Kosmo's secret. Kosmo wet the bed even though he was 13 years old. From that day on, Kermit and Kosmo were no longer friends.
Marci was walking her dog through the neighborhood. The dog started sniffing intently under a bush. When he pulled his head out, Marci could see something in his mouth. She tried tried to pull it out, but the dog wouldn't let go. Before she could try again, the dog had already eaten it.
Rick was memorizing all of digits of pi. He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it. But she told him it was a waste of time. Rick knew it was simply memorization work. But he enjoyed it so much.
Gina used her mom's bedspread. Her mother was angry when she found out. Gina had to wash the bedspread. She hauled it down the stairs to the basement. It dragged behind her most of the way.
Sofie loved playing softball. Her favorite position was first base. However she had problems catching the ball. She practice catching all winter long. Her hard work paid off when she was named the starting first baseman.
Liz got a monthly makeup box subscription. She was super excited for the next months. She waited and waited for it to come in the mail. She finally got it in the mail and was super excited! She quickly opened the box to see what was in it.
John worked for a large technology company. John came into work one morning to hear people were getting laid off. John spent the day watching people be sent home, sometimes in tears. He wondered if he would be next. John went home that day, happy he made it through the cuts!
Becky loved chocolate. Tom was her boyfriend. Tom decided to buy her a lot of good chocolate. She was very appreciative of the thoughtful gift. They went on to get married and live happily ever after.
Devan threw a Frisbee into the sticker bushes. He went into the bushes to get it back. The bush cut his arms and legs. Devan could not find his Frisbee. He borrowed his friends Frisbee for the rest of the day.
Marla needed chips for her football party. But both grocery stores were sold out of tortillas! She wondered what to do. Then she decided to cut up tortilla shells and fry her own! Her homemade chips received many compliments at her party.
Adam loves fireworks. His favorite times are those spent shooting off fireworks. One day he noticed someone needed employees to sell them. Excited at the prospect Adam got an interview and crossed his fingers. Within a couple days Adam was offered the job of his life!
Pam went to the town's Christmas tree lighting. While waiting for the program to begin, she met Bill. Bill offered Pam a hot cider, which she accepted. Soon thereafter, Pam began to feel dizzy. Falling to the ground, she realized the cider was drugged.
David wanted to be a dentist. He worked hard in college, taking prerequisites for dental school. He submitted his dental school application and got an interview. He prepared for the interview and felt at ease. He got into dental school and became a successful dentist.
I went with my daughter on a scenic tour. We took a bus all day. We saw multiple animals on our trip. We saw great trees. The trip ended during a stunning sunset.
Percy had to use the toilet. After finishing, he noticed the toilet was clogged. He was unsuccessful in clearing the clog. He had to call a plumber. Now his toilet works again.
Lacey just bought new nail polish. She was painting her nails when her dog came running. Her dog knocked over the bottle and it shattered on the floor. Lacey was not able to get the stain out. She now has a bright blue spot on her kitchen tile.
Jason was a tough kid who liked to fight. He took his younger cousin along when he fought some guys. This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight. Jason felt badly and couldn't apologize enough. He quit street fighting and started taking college seriously.
Cheyenne had never been to a concert before. One night, the opportunity arose to see her favorite band. She decided to go despite being all alone. She sat in the front to enjoy the show. It was so amazing, she wanted to see more concerts soon.
Sally ran up a hill. She wanted a better view of the city. She sat on the hill for hours. She loved just sitting and viewing the skyline. After hours, she went back down the hill.
I used to live in the desert. One night, I woke up and went to the bathroom. As I was sitting there, I noticed something moving on the floor. It was a scorpion! I screamed so loud I woke up everyone in the house.
Tom applied for over a hundred jobs. No one would hire him. Finally he told one employer that he would work for free. The employer agreed. He liked Tom's work so much that after a week he hired him.
Sara wanted to make her community more eco-friendly. She started a recycling program. There, she taught people how to recycle various types of items. Soon her neighbors were recycling almost everything they could! Sara felt very good about her environmental impact.
Dean believed that the world was a waste of time and stayed in. He took pills for his depression but never seemed to get better. One day a friend came to see him and advised him to see a shrink. He agreed and went to see one being tired of all the pills. He realized that all this time needed someone to talk to not drugs.
The chefs were frying rice in front of the persons. They used the front grill and two spoons to flip the rice. However, the grill sparked and flames landed on the ground. The ground also started to catch on fire. Everyone evacuated the place before it burned.
Sonny liked weightlifting in his spare time. He never stretched before his workouts. His spotter urged him to change that tactic. Sonny disregarded his advice and promptly pulled a muscle. Sonny incorporated stretching from that day onward.
Jake was at the lake. He saw some ducks. A few kids were feeding them bread. Jake let them know that was bad for the ducks. He gave the kids some food pellets instead.
John always wanted to be an artist. He signed up for local night classes at community college. Almost immediately, his teacher took a liking to him. At the end of the year, his peers picked him as the best artist. John felt he was on the way to making his dream come true.
Ben bought a dog crate for an upcoming airline trip. The crate was too small for the dog. He asked his wife to return it to the store for him. He forgot to give her his credit card for the return. She was really upset when the store would not take the return.
Will missed his childhood. So he decided to visit an old playground he use to go to. But when he got there, he became upset. And he didn't recognize a single thing. And Will missed even childhood even more.
Maria was not doing well financially. She went to the grocery store to buy her children food for dinner. After picking up some things, she went to pay. Maria was embarrassed to see she had no money left in her wallet. A nice guy behind her in line told her he was going to pay for her.
Evan has a history test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. However, as he was studying, he fell asleep. Evan still was not ready for his test.
Will woke up to get a glass of orange juice. When he opened the refrigerator, everything inside was warm. Will angrily emptied the refrigerator into a cooler. As he took out the last box of soda, he saw it blocked a vent. Almost instantly, the refrigerator filled with cold air.
James was having breakfast with his girlfriend. James had made pancakes. He then noticed they were out of butter. James quickly substituted some margarine. James and his girlfriend had a great fulfilling breakfast.
KJ is a very athletic man. He decides to begin weight lifting to improve his performance. KJ lifts weights several times a week on top of his other workouts. He builds very strong muscles. KJ is now a much better athlete because of his weight lifting.
Kevin was picking up a girl for a first date. Kevin wasn't exactly sure where the girl lived. He drove up and down the road. Finally he decided to call and ask for directions. The girl told Kevin how to get to her house.
There was a young child. The young child lived playing dolls. The Barbie doll was her favorite. One day she misbehaved and her mother took the Barbie away. She was very sad all day because of the toy missing.
Kate was in love with vanilla bean cheesecake. But it was only sold at one restaurant. She went to the restaurant to order it to go. But it was no longer on their menu. Kate was very disappointed she couldn't have her cheesecake anymore.
Me and a friend met up at a fishing hole. We were hoping to catch a couple trout. All of a sudden it started raining out. We took shelter underneath a tree. We had to seek shelter for a couple hours until the storm passed.
Ted was an architect at a big firm. Ted's boss was not the kindest man around the block. One day Ted suggested that they construct a building with columns. Ted's boss seemed like he was going to yell and realized it was genius. Ted managed to gain a promotion.
Jane's roommate had a pet guinea pig. One day, Jane watched her roommate give the pig a bath. She carefully blew dried its fur. She then powdered its feet. Jane thought her roommate was incredibly silly.
Sue was due to have a baby girl. She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name. Unfortunately Sue and her husband couldn't agree on a name. They both wanted two completely different names. They came to agreement to combine their favorite names into one.
Ava's dog had run away. Her collar had fallen off! Ava chased her through town. Finally, she caught up with her and grabbed her around the neck. Ava went to Petsmart and bought her a new collar right away.
Little Janice wanted to have a garden. Janice's mom bought her some seeds. Janice dug around in the back yard. She carefully planted the seeds and prayed for rain. A week later, Janice saw baby tomato plants popping up in her garden!
John was driving to work early one morning. He was taking the usual route that he knew well. He felt comfortable, so he began browsing through his phone. Suddenly, he blew a stop sign a careened off the road. He realized that using his phone while driving can mean real danger.
Ron loves to fish but with work and the kids is too busy. He hasn't fished all summer long. His wife noticed this and scheduled a babysitter for the day. She woke Ron up and told him he is free to go fishing. Ron went fishing and caught two massive fish!
Ryan hiked to school in the snow. It snowed so much recess was cancelled. The school closed early because there was too much snow. Ryan took the bus back home. Ryan played in the snow all night.
Ken was running for governor. He felt he had good ideas. Unfortunately nobody seemed to like him. He couldn't get his message across. Ken wound up losing an easy race.
I've been trying to quit biting my nails. This morning, I put rubbing alcohol on them. I started working. Unconsciously, I started to nibble on my nails. It tasted so awful I had to spit.
The Johnson family wanted to take a vacation: They had to decide where to go. Each of them wanted to go to a different place. Mom and dad decided that they would just go camping. The family had a great time.
Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she didn't have a date. She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him. But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him. Lucy was disappointed but not heartbroken. She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways.
One day at the zoo, I walked over to the gorilla enclosure. A large male silverback gorilla walked out from the corner. He sat in the center of the viewing area, as if posing. He glared angrily at me the entire time I was there. I felt very guilty, like I shouldn't be there looking at him.
A football team was down 6 points with 23 seconds left in the game. The quarterback spotted an open receiver far down the field. Just before being tackled he threw a long bomb to the receiver. The receiver made a diving catch and then got up to run. He scored a touchdown with a very flash dance to celebrate.
My friend Harry is unhappily married. His wife lives in KY while he lives in MA. Recently a waitress at the diner he frequents started flirting with him. She gave her phone number. He decided to not ask her out.
Mike bought lunch for john. The next day Mike expected John to pay for lunch. John told Mike that he wouldn't buy Mike lynch. The two argued about it for an hour. John and Mike decided to buy their own lunch moving forward.
It was almost Thanksgiving. Shelly bought all the ingredients to make a feast from scratch. She asked her three best friends for help cooking it all. When they were done, they had more than enough. The four shared the extra food with the local homeless shelter.
I bought a bottle of wine yesterday. I was curious to try some. So I poured myself a glass. To my delight it tasted very good. I poured myself another glass.
Jane went on a date. The guy wanted to impress her. He drove fast and aggressively. Jane was more scared than impressed. She turned down a second date.
Charles had always wanted to eat Chinese food. Finally he decided to try some at a Chinese restaurant. Charles ate many delicious dishes of food. He felt satisfied. Charles was happy that he had finally eaten Chinese food.
Jason awoke in his tent early in the morning. Outside the tent flap the mountains fell away into the distance. In the valley below was the store where he would restock his supplies. He stowed his gear back into his backpack. He stepped out again on that long journey along the Appalachian Trail.
Miranda woke up early to start her day. She stripped all the sheets off the beds. She did all the laundry. She washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen. By noon, she was exhausted but the house was spotless.
Tim loved The Price is Right. He was surprised when get tickets to the show. He was even more surprised when he got called on stage. He didn't win anything other than a consolation prize. He loved the experience more than enough to make up for it.
The mailman gave me a small package. Even though I can't recall ordering anything, I opened the box. There was a large knife and a gun inside. When no one was looking, I decided to take it home. Eventually, I was able to contact the owner.
Sue made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Just as she was about to eat, her phone rang. She laid the sandwich down and came back and it was gone. She looked everywhere. Then she noticed her dog licking its lips after eating her sandwich.
We took our friend Rose And her five year old to get ice cream one day. Rose's son was very active. He was running down the street with his ice cream. He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail. He had to get a tetanus shot.
Maggie won a free cruise. She couldn't be more happy. She got the best room on board. She loved the trip so much. She couldn't wait to go back.
I had some very delicious tea. I brewed it with eager anticipation. When it was done, I threw away the tea bag and took a big sip. The tea was way too hot! I burned my mouth.
Jim was driving from Atlanta to Austin when his car broke down. It seemed like the middle of nowhere so he began to walk. He came across a gas station ten miles away and got a ride back. When he returned, his car couldn't be found. Got to Austin, but had to take a plane.
We saw the Super Bowl in 2015. We are Bostonians and rooted for the Patriots. In the final seconds I was looking at the floor depressed. I was shocked and happy when my wife said the Patriots intercepted. It was a great moment in Boston sports.
Dan decided to make breakfast for her mother's birthday. She fried up eggs and toast. Her mother was very pleased with the breakfast. After eating her mother took the tray to the kitchen and saw the mess. Her mother simply smiled and cleaned up the mess.
Larry is walking home from school one day. He notices something green on the ground. He bends down to see what it is. It happens to be two 5 dollar bills. Larry puts the bills in his pocket with a smile on his face.
Sammy was tired of working, but she soldiered on. Finally, it was time to leave the office for the day. Being home, she thought  entering her garage, was wonderful. Then, a party surprised her when she opened her front door. She ate cake and enjoyed her friends and family.
John was having a get together with friends. He was making his grandmother's biscuit recipe. Friends begin to arrive and John is all over the house. John greets and meets with all his friends. John totally forgets about the biscuits until it's too late.
My niece has high blood pressure. She is only 35 so she is trying to diet. I use Mr Spice, a no salt alternative. I gave her a bottle to try out. She did not like it.
I had to go to the doctor since I had the flu. Although I thought about missing school, I still went. The teacher told everyone to take out a scantron. I forgot that I was supposed to take an exam today. However, I ended up with an 88 on the exam.
Ike drove downtown to go to the dry cleaners. There were no parking spaces in front of the dry cleaners. Sal had to drive two blocks down to find an open space. He put a quarter in the meter and walked to the dry cleaners. At the dry cleaners, Ike picked up his suit.
Pam's smart phone was malfunctioning. She went to the store where she bought her phone. Pam explained her situation to the service technician. The technician immediately blamed Pam for the damaged phone. Pam spoke with the manager who apologized for the inconvenience.
Jill was playing with friends. They were skipping around. Jill fell down in front of everyone. She thought they would make fun of her. Instead Jill's friends checked to make sure she was okay.
Sasha thought it would be funny to play a prank. She took down a stop sign. It caused a bad accident. The police found out she took the sign down. She got in big trouble.
I went to an Italian city called Luca. I was with 4 friends, and we were all prepared to have fun. We explored the town on foot, and checked into our hostel. We argued over which restaurant, but settled on a great one. After a long night of laughs, we all considered the trip a success.
Selena watched a scary movie in her room. It was night and she was alone in her house. She was in complete suspense as she stared at her TV. When the monster appeared on the screen, she screamed. Selena got barely any sleep that night.
The local mexican place opened recently. We went the same night. The nachos were really delicious. The appetizers were good as well. We all loved the churros best of all.
Joe was a high school student. Joe was very popular. Joe wanted to prom king. Joe told everyone to vote for him. Joe was prom king.
Samantha didn't know who her biological parents where. She hired a private investigator to find them. The private investigator eventually found her biological parents. Samantha contacted them and agreed to meet for dinner. Afterwards, Samantha kept in touch with them.
I met a girl in math class. We wanted to hang out together after school today. She had no idea as to what we should do. I told her we should meet in my favorite place. We met at Tompkins Square Park.
Helen went to a hair stylist. She wanted a new hair cut. Stylist has cut her hair too short. Helen did not like it. She did not tip him.
Tom's cat ran out the door. He didn't bother to chase after it. Tom figured the cat would return. After a few days he started getting worried. By the time he looked the cat was gone forever.
Cecil was mowing his lawn. He discovered a huge mound of ants in the corner of his lawn. Cecil went to the store and bought ant poison. He proceeded to poison the ants. The ants were gone within a few days.
Thomas  accidentally ran over his neighbor's flower bed last week. His neighbor, Bullock, believed Thomas's actions were intentional. Bullock rammed his old Ford pickup into Thomas's new camaro. Using a bulldozer, Thomas knocked down Bullock's house. The two men were both arrested and are facing jail time.
Layla has a great idea for a new kind of cookie. After trying many different options, she developed a good recipe. She bought lots of ingredients and supplies to make her cookies. Layla brought her new cookies to the farmer's market to sell. Everyone loved the cookies, and that was the start of her business.
Cayla wants curly hair. So she decided to look up ways to curl her hair. She started using a curling iron on her hair everyday. But that takes too much work so she permed her hair. Now Cayla has curly hair until the perm wears off.
When I was 35 I had a mental breakdown. I got in my car and drove, with no particular destination in mind. I did not answer my cell phone when my family and friends called. Since I was living in my car, I was frightened of people at night. During the day I would shower at rest stops during travel breaks.
Allie was speaking at a press conference. When she was asked the question, she freaked. Allie stopped in her tracks. She did not know what to say. Everyone around the room looked at each other.
Jim wanted to do something nice for his girlfriend. He picked her flowers along the way to her house. When she got them she started to cry. Jim was confused and asked why. She said she hated the idea of killing living things.
Stan tried a new hair style. It looked horrible. He was too embarrassed to show anybody. Stan decided to shave his head instead. Eventually he tried another hair style.
Jane ordered dinner online for the first time. The website showed a countdown for when the food would arrive. There were 45 minutes left. So Jane decided to take a quick shower. 10 minutes later, she heard a knock on the door.
My brakes started making noise the other day. It was just a slight squeak. The noise got a lot louder very quickly. I had to bring it to the shop. It ended up costing a lot of money to fix.
Terry's favorite ride at the fair was always the bumper cars. He loved them very much. He got out onto the little track and started driving around. Other cars were banging into him and he was doing the same. Terry really loved the bumper cars.
Roy is at a party. It's his first one. He was under age. He decided to get drunk with his friends. Roy was in big trouble for drinking under age.
Kate ate lots of vegetables. Her current favorite was broccoli. She had recently moved to a new part of town. And the grocery store near her home never had it in stock. It made her upset she had to drive across town for her broccoli.
My mom and I went to the beach together. I swam and had fun, but then got a sunburn! I was grumpy and refused to have fun afterwards. My mom got me ice to put on my burn to help. It stopped hurting and I was happy to see it heal!
George tried to zip up his coat. His zipper caught his skin. It hurt so much! George cursed and yelled. He stomped back to the store and tried to return the defective coat.
Daniel is eager to become something important. Daniel wants to prove himself worthy of talent. He decided he was going to give his dreams a shot. Daniel packs up all of his belongings and buys a ticket to California. Daniel heads to California ready to realize his dreams.
The doorbell rang and Missy opened the door. As she opened the door, her dog ran outside. Missy was searching for her dog, but couldn't find him. Later on that day someone was knocking on the door. It was the neighbor who found the dog down the street.
Spencer went outside in the rain. He put on his boots. He stepped in his yard. The mud made him stick. He eventually got out.
Joe's dog wont stop barking. Joe grew tired of it. So Joe looked up online how to make dogs stop barking. Joe found a solution and began to train his dog. A month later Joe's dog stopped barking.
Susy cared a lot about animals. She had numerous pets at home. So she decided she wanted to become a vegan. However after a week she couldn't take it. It was too hard to not eat meat and she had to go back to normal.
Cathy was looking for a summer job. Cathy saw an ad in the paper for a lifeguard. Since, Cathy knew how to swim, Cathy applied for the job. Cathy anxiously waited for two weeks to see if she got the job. Finally Cathy got the call that she is the town's new lifeguard.
I bought a new printer at Walmart. I tried to install it by myself when I got home. After three failed attempts to install it, I called a friend for help. He came over and got the printer installed on the first try. I thanked him and eagerly sat down to try the printer out.
I fell and hurt my back. Now it's difficult to walk. Sitting in this chair is getting painful. I want to go back to bed, but I won't. I'm going to go try to make dinner soon.
Lisa has a job interview scheduled. She is excited and nervous to go to the interview. On the day of the interview, she got ready and went to the office. She did such a great job and the employer loved her. Lisa got a phone call the next day and she accepted the job.
Brad met Jane at the cafe. He greeted her and thanked her for agreeing to the date. Jane looked up at Brad with confusion in her eyes. Brad suddenly realized that she had been mislead about the lunch. Brad and Jane made the best of it by finishing their lunch quickly.
Fred wanted to play baseball. So his dad had him join a little league baseball team. Fred was initially happy. But his coach's strict attitude and the competitiveness made Fred sad. Fred quit the team and was happy just playing baseball with his dad.
It was Daniel's first day on the streets as a cop. He hoped his shift would be uneventful. But he pulled up behind a car with out-of-date tags. Daniel turned on his lights and the car ahead sped off. Daniel's routine traffic stop turned into a high speed car chase.
Sue talked her husband into getting goats. He built a pen to hold the goats. He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer. Sue bent to greet one of the goats. As she did, the other goat butted her, knocking Due to the ground.
John forgot he had a gig after work. He already promised to his wife to go shopping with her. He had to call her and cancel. She got very upset. She went shopping without him.
Cat has a science test in the morning. She decided to pull an all nighter to get ready. Since she stayed up all night she could barely stay awake. When she got to school, she fell asleep at her desk. Cat slept right through her test.
On the way to school, Dan saw a dog running in the street. Dan called to the dog. The dog came to Dan, wagging its tail. Dan looked at the dog's collar to find out where it lived. Dan was able to return the lost dog to its owner.
Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.
It was the middle of the night when we received the news. We needed to go to the hospital because of my dad's critical condition. On the rushed two hour journey I was talking with God. I was telling him that if my dad died, I would understand. We finally arrived to learn that he died minutes before our arrival.
Sam was a big baseball fan. There was a big game coming up soon. Unfortunately he had to work. Sam decided to lie and say he was sick. He went to the game and had a great time.
Walter decided to cook for his wife. He prepared beef stew. The food was very tasty. They ate together. Then he made all dishes.
While driving on the interstate Paul had a tire blow out. He was very scared because the blowout was very loud. He was able to safely pull over and stop his car. He then got out to inspect the damage. Luckily he was able to switch to a spare tire and continue his trip.
I always hated going to the grocery store. It was always way too cold to go. I had a plan to make myself feel warm. I decided to wear four shirts at once to the store. Then I was able to shop comfortably.
The warning symbols turned on in my van. I had no idea what they meant. I got the van serviced. The symbols were turned off manually. They came back on again later in the week.
Debra bought a new album. She listened to the album when she got home. The music reminded her of an old friend. She called the old friend. They made a date for coffee.
Bill had a bad day at work. He was at the grocery store. He didn't have much money He decided to buy beer instead of milk. It helped him feel better if at least for a night.
Nelly got up before anyone else on Christmas morning. She ran downstairs to see what Santa left under the tree. She saw a deluxe toy kitchen set and a stuffed bear. Nelly hugged the bear, glad that Santa brought just what she wanted. She didn't guess the stuffed toy was meant for her baby brother.
I was waiting in line to vote at the voting booth. The clerk came to tell me that they were out of ballots. I asked her when new ballots would arrive, as I wanted to vote. Since she said it could take hours, I decided to go home. I didn't vote during that election.
Kris was a smart guy. He always won arguments with his friends. He decided to join debate class. He lost every single one and was kicked out. Turns out he wasn't smart, just loud.
The pilot was nervous about the weather. The fog had settled in and visibility was terrible. He spoke to air traffic control about the situation. They re-routed him to Los Angeles. The plane landed safely and the passengers were relieved.
Tabatha was feeling tired at work. She decided to make herself a cup of coffee in the break room. Tabatha fell asleep while making the coffee. Her boss found her asleep in the break room. Tabatha was fired for sleeping on the job.
Julie bought a 5 piece chicken nugget from Burger king. She drove home and smelled the nuggets all the way there. After she placed her meal on the plate she was very disappointed. She only had 4 nuggets in the bag. Julie went back to Burger King to get her last nugget.
Kate was sitting at her desk at work. Outside the day was cool, breezy, and sunny. Usually she avoided rush hour by staying at work until 7 PM. But today she decided to leave work early and head home. It was so nice out she didn't even mind the traffic.
The party was going strong. The host put on some music. Everyone started dancing. The songs were getting everyone really excited! The party was a success!
Kelly is a teenage girl. Kelly has had 2 boyfriends before. Kelly did not really like to be with boys. She was a lesbian and wanted to tell her parents. The next day she came out and told her parents she was lesbian.
Jen had fallen asleep in class. The teacher was upset she wasn't paying attention. Jen's teacher talked to her after class. She made Jen write an essay. Jen never slept in class again.
David seen a job ad while on the school computer. He filled out the application and submitted it. Later that day, He is called by HR to come in for a interview tomorrow. Next day, David goes to his job interview which last 20 minutes. After the interview, the company offered him the job and he accepted.
Jonas wanted to be a monster for Halloween. But he could not find a suitable costume. Then his mom offered to make him one. She did her best to make it very scary. Jonas was thrilled with his handmade costume!
Ian was studying for an exam. He forgot the material he was supposed for. The next day, the teacher announced what the exam covered. He also passed the exam packet. Ian became nervous since he studied the wrong material.
Riley liked Japanese culture. He had a Zen garden in his office. It relaxed him to play around with it. His coworkers had lots of questions about it. Riley was happy to teach them about Japan.
Francisco was playing soccer at a field beside his house. A man drove up and asked if he needed a ride back home. Francisco said it was ok and started walking down the sidewalk. The man insisted that he get in. Francisco started running because the guy creeped him out.
Mike was hungry. He couldn't decide what he wanted to eat. He could have a hamburger, a peanut butter sandwich, or a salad. Mike ate the hamburger, but he was still hungry. He ended up eating the sandwich and the salad too.
The teacher put a problem on the blackboard. She told the students the first to solve it gets a free homework pass. Everyone worked very hard on it all day. By the final period, no student figured it out. The teacher laughed and told them it was impossible to solve.
Nick was trying to come up with a name for his dog. His girlfriend hated every name he came up with. So Nick asked her for some names she liked. They put together a list. Then they chose together.
Ko was on a blind date. Her date insisted they go for sushi. Ko had never had it and she was nervous. But she tried it bravely. To her surprise, she found it delicious!
Maddie's dad was setting off fireworks on the street. One of them fell over as it went off. It flew right into the neighbor's bushes. Before anyone could react, the bushes were on fire. Maddie's dad rushed over with the hose to put the fire out.
Jo wanted to impress his friends. He went to a gator wrestling show. There, he volunteered to wrestle a gator. But the director laughed at Jo's proposal. Jo was ashamed at not being a professional!
Alex was excited about middle school starting. Alex needed to buy the school supplies on her list. She went online to several different sites. She found everything she needed in one day. She went to school well prepared.
Ron was organizing his garage. And he came across very old video games. The sight of them brought back great memories. And he brought all the games back inside and played them. Ron decided to never put the games back in his garage.
The clouds had moved out of the area. The sun was shining brightly. The kids ran around outside and enjoyed the great weather. They played until the sun set. They couldn't wait for another sunny day!
Tim and Lisa had a shaky marriage. She had cheated on him many times. They were close to divorce and decided to go to counseling. After many sessions, the counseling started working. They rebuilt their relationship and became happy.
Bill and his wife Jan were driving to her parents home one day. They got to an intersection and argued about turning right or left. They argued so long the cars behind them started honking their horns. So they decided to flip a coin to decide about which way to turn. Bill chose tails, Jan chose heads, and Bill won so they turned right.
Clark told me he was going to rob a bank. I begged him not to do it. He gathered up a crew. They bought automatic weapons to the job. Clark and his crew died when the police ambushed them.
Will heard his co-workers talking about a book they were reading. Will went to his local bookshop. Will asked for the book that everyone was talking about. The bookstore helper brought Will a gigantic book - just huge. Will decided he didn't care about reading it after all!
My friend works in a government purchasing office. He was asked to issue an order for work already performed. At a seminar he was told this was illegal. His boss pushed him to issue the order. He called the press.
This morning, I poured myself a bowl of cereal. I brought the bowl upstairs, and sat down to watch TV and eat. While watching TV, I took my first bite. I hadn't realized that the milk I poured in the cereal was sour. It didn't take me long to realize it, and I quickly spit it out.
Adam had built a website for his friend. An acquaintance complimented him on the website. He asked Adam if he could design a website for him. Adam decided to start charging for web design services. Adam turned his webdesign venture into a full time business.
My husband told me I snore too much. I tried everything to stop. I changed positions when he woke me up. I started using a nose guard. I continued to snore like a freight train.
Matt was hired to write a jingle for an advertisement. He composed what he thought was one of his best works. The company told him they thought it was terrible and didn't want it. Matt decided to put it and some of his other tunes on a disc. He released the music and made way more than he would have off the ad.
Howard wanted to watch the football game on tv. His wife wanted him to go to the grocery store with her. Howard refused to go. Howard's team got beat badly. Howard wished that he had gone to the store with his wife.
Kennedy was planning her upcoming nuptials. She really wanted nice pictures, but couldn't afford a photographer. She searched everywhere for some alternative ideas. Finally, she decided to have her brother film the event. Through the video she was able to get many great snapshots.
Trey was a good looking guy. However he was a big liar. He lied to his girlfriend about everything she believed him. One day Trey's lies about cheating were exposed. His girlfriend burned all of his personal belongings.
Greg wanted to try out a pound burger. He's never done it before. He goes to Cheeburger Cheeburger with some friends. He attempts it and finishes it. He then got his name on the wall for doing so.
My coworker Geno had a girlfriend who worked in the area. He did not want to tell us about her and get teased. One day I followed him as he went to lunch. I was ten feet behind him as he met his girlfriend for lunch. We kidded him about her when he came back.
Taylor was sad to be leaving middle school for High school. She worried all summer about the changes that would happen. The first day of school she met a really nice group of people. She fostered those relationships and made some great friends. Taylor was so happy that High school was better than she thought.
Last week I played baseball with my friends. I was the pitcher. I had two strikes. Then I hit a homerun. I got to run all the way around the field.
The Waltons had trouble sleeping at night. There was a loud sound that kept them up. Eventually they found out it was the refrigerator. It was breaking down and needed to be replaced. The Waltons bought a new one and slept better.
Lauren and Dave were out to dinner on a date. After appetizers, Lauren suddenly grabbed her stomach. She complained she wasn't feeling good and left. Dave hoped that he hadn't said something to upset her. Lauren called Dave the next day to say she was better.
Aaron has always loved skiing. One day he decided to ski faster than ever before. Unfortunately, Aaron fell and hurt his leg. He was unable to ski for the rest of the winter. Now Aaron doesn't love skiing as much as he used to.
Mark likes to play guitar. He plays it every day after school. Today his guitar string broke. Mark decided to replace all of his strings. Now he sounds better than ever!
Tim was born a boy. But he always felt like a girl. He decided to have gender reassignment surgery. He soon looked like a girl on the outside. He was so happy to finally look like himself!
I was determined to not strike out again. The first pitch was wide. The second pitch was high. But third pitch was perfect. I hit it out of the park.
Hugh was taking the train downtown one early morning. Everybody packed in, on their way to work. The train started shaking and making a loud screech. It came off the track, fatally injuring several people. Hugh had to get a metal plate in his head, but he survived.
John loved to drive fast. One day, he was driving on an icy road. He slid off the road and hit a tree. He was okay, but his car was wrecked. John drove more carefully from then on.
Ahna liked to eat cheese. She asked her mother to buy a block of cheese. Ahna ate all the cheese in two days. Ahna started to get stomach pains. Ahna's mother warned her never to eat that much cheese at once.
Bob did not like his name. He went to the courthouse to change his name. The court clerk gave him some paperwork to fill out. Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk. Now Bob's name is Jack.
Tony was an author. He wrote self-help books. He wanted to help many people. He wrote advice that he thought people needed to hear. Tony got a letter from a man who said he'd changed his life.
Dan had a high school teacher named Eric. Dan resented Eric because he was always so unfair. Dan decided to prank Eric, for revenge. Dan began vandalizing Eric's lawn in the middle of the night. Eric caught Dan, and had Dan taken away by the police.
I decided to learn how to cook. I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby. Finally, I selected the local culinary school's weekend program. The first class, all we did was learn cooking terms. When we began cooking the second class, I burned down the classroom!
An old man had trouble walking around town. The local woodworker wanted to make him a cane to walk. He took a piece of oak and carved into a cane. He presented the cane to the old man the next day. Now the old man had no trouble walking around.
My aunt lives on an island in Lake Michigan. You have to take a ferry to get there. There is only one store on the whole island to buy groceries. People use golf carts to get around on the island. We only go in the summertime, when you can enjoy the beach.
Becca was perusing books in the library. She found one that looked interesting and sat at a table. Suddenly, a bee landed on her hand. She let out a loud shriek. The librarian looked angry and hushed her.
Joe still had not gotten over Amy. When he found out his friend Mike was seeing Amy, he was furious. He confronted Mike, and got even angrier when Mike seemed not to care. Joe pulled his arm back and punched Mike as hard as he could. Joe got suspended from school for that.
Daniel and Peter went to the mall one day. Peter wanted to go to the mall to buy new clothes. Daniel went to the mall to buy school supplies. They met together at the food court and had lunch. They showed each other the things they had bought and then went home.
I can hear the ice cream man somewhere in my neighborhood. The music is unmistakable and sounds so close! I take off down the street and around the corner to find him. He isn't down any of the streets I checked. I'm going to buy ice cream at the store instead.
Two men had to paint a long wall. Each man's stated at a different end and began. Eventually they met in the middle. When they stood back they could see differences in painting style. The touched up each other's side to make it look more uniform.
Jared was having a tough day. He had to move all of the construction equipment today. It wasn't a problem, but his truck got stuck in the mud near his home. He asked his friend if he could tow him out before it sunk in deeper. Shortly, his friend arrived and they both managed to free his truck.
Susan was running errands when her husband called. She was in the middle of picking up groceries. He asked if she could pick up more things for him. She was exhausted and snapped at him. Now she feels frustrated and remorseful.
Michael enjoyed driving. One day he was out driving with his friends. A car swerved. It hit his car pretty bad. Michael never drived ever again.
Bill broke Tim's toy car. Tim said he would never forgive bill. A lot of time passed. Tim felt bad about his anger. He decided to forgive Bill and he felt happier.
Katie was very worried about paying her bills. Katie decided that she would apply for a second job. Katie saw a company hiring in the paper and got an interview. Katie was happy to hear that she received the job. Katie paid her bills and had money left over to save that month.
When Laura went to work she wasn't feeling good. She didn't have any other options but to go to work so she went. When she got there she told her boss that she wasn't feeling well. Her boss told her that if she still felt sick later that she could go. In a few hours Laura ended up going home.
Tom wanted to get ahead at work. He figured lying and cheating was the best way. It made him seem better at his job. Unfortunately it also created a lot of enemies. Tom was eventually fired.
An old man moved into my apartment house. He had been homeless for some years. I thought he might be a bum, not just mentally ill. He started putting his underwear under the neighbor's door. The landlord kicked him out posthaste.
Jenny and her family make homemade sausage. One day, a man from the city came to try some sausage. The man very much enjoyed the sausage. The man offered to mass-distribute the sausage. Jenny and her family made millions in the sausage industry.
Guillermo was very poor. So he started to steal. He was successful at first. One day, he lingered to long in a store. And was apprehended by a local police man.
John's radio went out in his car. He did not know how to fix it. He finally asked a friend. Luckily, it was just a fuse. John's friend was able to fix the radio without any problems.
John was determined to learn how to weave baskets. He bought a book and all the supplies. John practiced and practiced, and made many mistakes. His persistence paid off and he became a really good weaver. He now sells his baskets to his friends and on the Internet.
Tom got a call from his sister. She wanted to come over in three hours. His place was a mess. He cleaned his house. They had a good time at his house.
Val started experimenting with drugs at an early age. By her early twenties, she was an addict. She stole from her mom and lied every time she spoke. By thirty, she was living in an abandoned house with other addicts. She died there, surrounded by trash.
Noah had a frog pet he always kept in the bathroom. One night, he invited his new girlfriend over. When she excused herself to use the bathroom, she screamed. Noah rushed to her aid and saw the frog sitting on the toilet. He picked it up and introduced it to his girlfriend.
When Pat visited her grandparents on the East coast, she was thrilled. She had never seen an ocean before. She ran on the beach heading for the waves. But as soon as her feet touched the water she was stung. A big jellyfish stood at her feet so she ran away crying.
Seth loves video games. He plays them most days after school. His favorite video game is Little Big Planet. In the game he builds his own levels. He has fun playing those levels with his brothers.
Larry is out with his friends at the bar. He comes starts feeling sick. He decides to go home early. When he gets home he sees a truck in the driveway. He goes inside and finds his wife with another man.
I was watching tv one day. I reached for the remote to adjust the volume. I couldn't find the remote anywhere. I got up and looked around for the remote. I finally found it under my couch.
Jenny read a newspaper comic today. In the comic, a character slipped on a banana peel. Jenny thought it was an over-used joke and was annoyed. Later, while taking out the trash, Jenny slipped on a banana peel. For the first time, Jenny found the banana peel joke funny.
A boy was burning a big fire behind his house. The boys friend came up to him to see what's up. The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad The friend gave him a big hug. He helped the boy by burning all the pictures that reminded him of her
Ulrich had a research paper due in a week. He procrastinated his paper til the last day. Ulrich tried pleading to his teacher for an extended deadline. His teacher agreed to extend the due date at the cost ten points. Ulrich managed to finish the paper and get a good grade.
Libby worked in a music shop. She spotted a man acting suspiciously. When he left the shop the alarms went off. Libby called security. The man was arrested for stealing a CD.
Dilbert like to play games with his friends. He was playing Peter Pan with several other kids. He was Captain Hook and had a full costume. While chasing after his friends he tripped and fell down. His plastic hook broke in half and he started to cry.
DJ wanted to be actor and was rehearsing for an audition . On the day of the audition DJ had butterflies in her tummy. DJ's name was called out and was given few lines to perform. DJ did her best and gave a powerful performance. Later in the day she received a call saying she aced her audition.
Tom received a summons from his local municipality. The summons was for Tom to serve jury duty. Tom went to the first day of jury duty. There, Tom told the judge that he was too ill to serve. The judge allowed Tom to leave and go home!
I always wanted to go horseback riding. When I went to Arizona, I saw my chance to try it. It was so hot in the desert. My behind was sore from the long trail ride. I have decided, horseback riding is not for me!
As an American in Holland, there was only one thing to do. I made my way to the red light district. I was a bit embarrassed because as an American I had a closed mind. I was pushing myself to be more open about it, though. Suddenly I ran into Adrian Smith of the band Iron Maiden!
Harry Henry decided to take the day of work and go fishing. He arrived at his favorite spot, only to find too many people there. He went to a new spot and was worried he would catch nothing. But each time he threw in his line he immediately caught a fish. After catching fifteen catfish, he decided to go home and clean them.
I went into Lucy's room. She had her tea set out on her table. All her animals were seated at the table. She was serving them tea and cookies. It was a great tea party!
Jeremy used a machine to make a new key. The machine accepted his key. It started making very loud noises. When it was time to give the key back, it broke. Jeremy pushed the machine, but he was now with no keys at all.
Emma was scheduled to work. Her babysitter called and told her she was sick. Emma called all her friends and family to babysit. No one could babysit for Emma's kids. Emma had to find a substitute for her shift.
Sam was always a fast reader. After a while he got bored of most books. He kept trying to find something more interesting. Since he went through them so fast there were a lot of options. Eventually he gave up and watch movies instead.
Gabe was a graduate student studying archaeology. He spent one summer on a dig in Utah. Gabe found a rare dinosaur bone, and wrote a paper about it. The faculty of his university department were impressed with his work. After graduation, Gabe was offered a faculty position at his school.
Brayden wanted a bike for his birthday. His dad surprised him one day with a new Mountain bike. It was a lot bigger than his old bike. He took it for a ride down the street. He couldn't control it and wrecked it into a tree.
Jessica wakes up and wants to eat breakfast. She grabs the cereal and pours some into a bowl. She looks in the fridge for milk. There is no milk in the fridge so she can't eat her breakfast She goes to the store to buy some milk comes home and eats breakfast
Betty loved presents. She loved getting them but never giving them. One Christmas no one gave her any presents. She was sad all day, but figured out something. That she should give a little to get a little.
Larry was hanging out with friends for lunch. He had an hour given to him at work. He had so much fun that he lost track of time. Larry got back to work half an hour late. He was reprimanded and in trouble.
Emma was cleaning out her car. She was digging below the seats when she spotted something. It was one of her baby's bottles. She inspected it and saw that it was completely filthy. She decided that she would have to throw it out.
Tommy woke up feeling sick. He told his mom. She took his temperature. Tommy had a high fever. His mom took him to the hospital.
I awoke to a normal day and a beautiful sunrise. I got in my car and began my drive to work. I took my normal route to work. A drunk driver t-boned me as I drove through an intersection. My car was totaled.
Beth was in her first month in boot camp in the Army. She was tired and sore from all the hard work. She could barely sleep long enough to rebuild herself. On a hike she twisted her knee and couldn't walk back. She was sad when the injury sent her home from boot camp.
A kitten named Tiny Tammy loved to run, jump, and play. She would adventure all around the house, exploring every crook. One day, the door closed behind her and she couldn't get out! Tiny Tammy meowed for hours, alone and afraid. Her owner heard her pleas for help and rescued the tiny little kitten.
Lisa found out she was pregnant. She told her boyfriend of four months, Carter. She expected Carter to leave her. But to her surprise, Carter vowed to marry her. Lisa was thrilled with her wonderful man!
Fiona was constantly being pressured by her mother to diet. Hardly a day went by that her mother didn't comment on her weight. She eventually pressured her into a 12 day juice cleanse. After days of the cleanse, Fiona had enough and came to a decision. It was her body, and her decision whether she dieted or not.
My mom was very good at skating when I was younger. She was so good that she joined a professional roller derby team. Roller derby was a very hard sport, so they trained almost every day. My mom would come home covered in bruises from practice. But, she won her first game on her professional team.
Jeb is a good worker at his retail store. He is not making enough money to clothe his kids. Jeb decides to take a few extra clothes from the racks. Jeb is caught with them walking out the door. Jeb is fired and arrested for theft.
I just bought a puppy! The puppy had never played with a frisbee. Thus, I took him to the backyard to play frisbee. Alas, the puppy did not understand the game. I gave up and we went back inside the house.
Joe's house was infested with bugs. So Joe needed his house fumigated. Joe packed his bags and went to his brothers house. The exterminators came in the morning and began their process. The exterminator took care of the bugs and Joe was happy.
I decided to get some exercise. I went to the tallest building in town. I climbed the long set of stairs that was inside. I was panting like crazy. I felt great when I finally made it to the top.
Jill was a sales woman in a department store. She was in a competition with other workers. They were in a race to score the most sales. Jill had won by 29 sales. She won a 3 day trip to Hawaii.
One of Tina's favorite desserts was jello. Tina loved the water taste and sweetness of it. She decided to make a large bowl of red jello. She got all the ingredients together. When it was finished it tasted delicious.
Hannah sent her kids to go to the shoreline. They were in the ocean, swimming for several hours. Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them. When she took a look at them, they were full of sunburns. As a result, they had to get out of the water and put on sunscreen.
The Costa family went to their favorite amusement park. The Costa kids begged their parents to ride The Super Twirl. The mother reminded the others that circular rides make her sick. She eventually gave in and rode The Super Twirl. The attendant stopped the ride when the mother began to vomit.
John was as lost as he ever was in his whole life. He was hopelessly wandering from corner to corner. However much he tried he just couldn't get his bearings. Finally he went up to a stranger to ask for directions. The man told him exactly where to go and John was finally found.
My dog died. I decided to cremate him. I wanted to spread his ashes at the lake. While spreading his ashes I began to cry. I realized that the dog is truly a man's best friend.
Nancy drove to the store to buy a blue dress. The store only had green dresses. Nancy was sad and asked the store to help her. The workers found a blue dress in the back. Nancy bought the blue dress and was happy.
Tom drove an old car. It was barely staying alive. One day it completely broke down. Tom couldn't afford to fix it. He had it scrapped for metal instead.
Jill was shopping at the mall with her friend. The two decided that she needed a new sweater. Jill passes by her favorite store. She goes through all the sweaters. She finally finds the perfect one for her!
Gina was driving home in the snow. She was on the street instead of on the highway because of the traffic She came over a hill and saw the traffic backed up on the street. She hoped it would at least be moving quickly. To her dismay it took 5 minutes to drive one block.
I like to dress up for school each morning. I like to wear a suit and tie to look very professional. At first the other kids were making fun of me. Now the other kids are starting to dress up too. I like that others think I had a good idea about dressing up.
We arrived in the Cinque Terre just in time for the last bus. We took the bus up the winding hill to our hotel. After checking in, we went to our room with all our stuff. Much to our dismay, there were 200 steps to go down to the room! We had to drag all our luggage down to the room, it was terrible!
John loved to write in school. He decided he did not want to work at an office. John thought of what jobs he should apply for. He was talking to Jim when he realized his destiny. John decided to apply to be a writer for a living!
Jeff was going through a bad divorce. He found himself at a local Bar. He swore he would stay sober no matter what. 30 minutes there his mood changes and has a drink. By the end of the night Jeff is so drunk he gets kicked out of the bar.
Bob's Mum bought a new dog without telling Dad. Dad was very angry and said it must go back to the shop. Mum said she had to go out but would take it back later. When she got home, Dad was cuddling the dog. He said it could stay.
Anna went for a run on a cold day. The bitter wind chapped her lips! She smoothed balm on them, but it didn't help. Then she applied pure olive oil. The oil helped heal Anna's sore, chapped lips.
Franklin went to play hockey with his friends at the frozen pond. He lost his footing and slid into an open portion of the pond. He fell into the cold icy water. Franklin started to sink to the bottom. Then one of his friends grabbed him and pulled him to the surface.
I decided to read Christopher Isherwood's A Single Man. It is about a gay man. I was concerned about my family's perceptions. I decided to buy the book on Kindle, where nobody can see it. I read the book in two days and liked it.
Edward went to KFC for some chicken. He asked for a spicy chicken sandwich. When he got his food he saw that the chicken wasn't spicy. Edward complained to the manager. He was satisfied when they brought him the spicy chicken.
Tommy told his mother he wanted a god. She agreed that they could buy one. They both talked about what they wanted from a dog. After a lot of discussion, they decided on a terrier. They were both really happy!
When Jeff was a little kitten he got outside. Jeffy hadn't had his shots yet. Jeffy got distemper at nine months old. Jeffy's owner took him to the vet and the vet took care of Jeffy. Jeffy got better and he's over fifteen years old now.
Tammy's cat always tried to run out the door. She would always freak out whenever someone opened it. She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over. One time a friend opened the door without warning. The cat ran out and Tammy was furious.
Chad and his coworker were on the elevator to work. Chad then heard a sudden noise, and the elevator stopped. In addition, the lights on the elevator went off. A person came on the speaker and told Chad that they were stuck. Chad could not believe that he was stuck on an elevator.
Mary was dog sitting for a friend who was on vacation. One day, Mary's son Simon was playing in the backyard with the dog. Simon didn't realize that someone had left the gate open. When the dog saw the open gate, she took off running after a rabbit. Simon was able to catch her when she stopped to sniff a fire hydrant.
Lily had a huge soccer game today. She was incredibly nervous. When lily got on the field she was shaking. Luckily her team ended up winning. She got nervous for nothing.
Kelly was eager to attend her family Christmas party. But then her friend asked her for help on Christmas. He said he was volunteering at a homeless shelter and needed help! Kelly knew her time could be better spent helping others. She missed her party and was happy to help the homeless instead!
Sarah went to mail a package. She got caught up at the post office. She tried to rush to class. She decided it was too late. She went home instead.
Jake had been dating Cassie's mom Renee for years. He was like a second father to the little girl. Cassie was thrilled when her mom and Jake took her to Disney World. But Renee was in for excitement too, as Jake proposed on their trip. Cassie thought getting a stepfather was much better than Disney World.
Ella thought it would be fun to get in shape. She went to a gym and hired a trainer. The trainer worked her very hard. Eventually she became sick of the trainer. She fired him, and went back to watching TV for fun.
Yesterday I went on the Everest roller coaster. We raced up the hill and it was terrifying. Then at the very top we went backwards. When we went backwards my hat fell off. I was terrified.
Adam loved his expensive watch and wore it everywhere. But one day he wore it to the beach and forgot to remove it! Even as he swam and splashed, he wore the watch he loved. Later, he saw that the water had ruined the watch! Adam was so disappointed in himself.
Our calm flight home to New York had a a suddenly eventful ending. As the plane touched down, there was an abrupt slip and slide. In the slow motion of fear, the tail section glided out of control. Mud splattered the windows as we stopped with a grinding jolt. The plane slid off a wet runway into the grass, but no one was hurt.
I spent my life savings to go to the Super Bowl. I know it sounds crazy but I couldn't help it. My wife is mad, but she's lucky that I bought her a ticket too. I never felt more alive cheering for my team. It's just too bad I had to be a Panthers fan.
Vivian worked on a busy movie set. She was always there when people needed her. She fetched water or food for the actors. She also helped carry some boxes around. To thank her after a long day, the crew took her out for a beer.
My car broke down. I was tired of fixing it all the time. I decided to get a new car. I went to the dealer. I bought a car from the dealer.
Milton was a huge New Edition fan. The main reason he wanted a house was to play New Edition songs. Milton didn't know Ron Devoe, of New Edition, was a realtor. Ron heard that Milton was a fan who couldn't afford a home. On TV, Ron gave Milton a house that Milton was able to afford.
Stew collected every pen cap he could find at school. He kept them all in his locker and sold them to other students. One day a student offered him $5 for every cap he had. Stew refused this offer because he loved his position too much. He later regretted that decision.
Jacob woke up at a red light. This was the second time that this had happened this week. He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor's appointment. When they arrived, the doctor explained what narcolepsy is. Now Jacob only wakes up in his bed.
When Emma was born, the world around her felt infinite. But when she was five, it was as big as her house. She grew up and saw how vast the real world was. But in the end, she ended up in one single room about to die. She hoped that when she went, she'd embrace infinity again.
Todd was on his morning jog before work. He was making good time but wanted to run a bit longer. Taking a side street, he crossed through a park he had never been to. Jogging through the park and taking it in, he tripped on old pavement. Falling to his hands and knees, he scratched up his legs badly.
Jane had never met her father's side of  her family. She decided that she wanted to connect with them. Jane went on Facebook and invited the family for a weekend event. Most of her relatives responded positively. The event was successful and Jane met a lot of cousins.
It was Ken's first day of school. He put on his uniform. Ken made sure he ate breakfast. He picked up his bag and walked to the door. Finally, he told his mom goodbye and walked to the bus stop.
Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test. She could not think of any of the answers. She just jotted down random nonsense. She ended up failing the test. Nala was disappointed, but not surprised.
Jackson always dreamed of being a famous musician. He worked very hard to make money playing music, but it was hard. One day, a friend recommended he try learning computer programming. Jackson found that he could make more money as a computer programmer. He decided to abandon his dream of being a musician.
Cindy loves her coworkers but has never attended happy hour with them. She is afraid it is unprofessional to drink with coworkers. One day her best friend at work convinces Cindy to come along. She goes to happy hour with her coworkers and they all drink beer. Cindy is very pleased that she joined happy hour with her coworkers.
I went to buy a soda from the soda machine. However, I didn't have enough money. As I walked away, I found another quarter on the floor. I picked it up and used it to buy my soda. What luck!
Lilly purchased the biggest turkey she could find. It was the first year she was making dinner for her large family. That morning, she attempted to put the bird into the oven. But it was too big so she couldn't get it in. She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead.
Lucy was excited for dinner. Her grandmother let her choose hamburgers and french fries. Grandma wouldn't let Lucy put the pan into the oven. When the food finished Lucy took the tray out without asking. Grandma was angry, but also impressed Lucy wanted to learn to cook.
Micha was supposed to dance in her ballet recital. Thanks to her lost clothes she was a few minutes late. Her teacher angrily rushed her to get to the stage. Luckily, she made it to her spot just in time. Despite the delay she danced very well.
Dan and Cheri were trying to have a baby. After months of trying Cheri was still no pregnant. The doctor told them to try bettering both of their diets. They changed their diets for a month and kept trying. Within a month all of a sudden Cheri was pregnant!
A man saw a unique sport on the TV called curling. He then did an internet search for curling. He became infatuated with the game. He loved the unique styling of the game. He became a lifetime curling fan.
Alan was allergic to smoke. His friend was riding in Alan's car. Alan's friend lit up a cigarette. Alan told his friend to put it out or get out. Alan's friend put out the cigarette.
Ted traveled to Korea. He was highly confident that he can speak their language. However, many Korean native speakers couldn't understand him. They also made negative comments about him. Ted faced a lot of pressure and returned home immediately.
Mina looked around hurriedly. Already late, she grabbed her bag and ran out the door. Once in her car, she grabbed her cell phone to make a call. She started dialing the numbers and then saw the time. She realized it was Saturday and she didn't have to go to work.
Dan bought a new poster for his dorm room. His roommate didn't like it. Sam kept it up anyway. One night his roommate drunkenly took it down. Sam found it in the dumpster and put it back up.
Lisa was at the drive through of a fast food restaurant. And she ordered a milkshake and a burger. But when she got home, she realized she wasn't given a burger. And she called the restaurant. Lisa had to drive all the way back but was given the burger for free.
Joelle wanted to dye her hair pink. She went to the beauty store. There, she selected a bright pink dye. She went home and applied the dye, then let it sit. In an hour, she rinsed out her newly-pink hair!
Frida needed a relaxing day after a hard work week. She went to the local beach near her house. The sun was shining and the weather was great. Frida laid out on the beach for hours and read a book. She had a wonderful and relaxing day.
Sara loved to make cakes. She decided that she might be able to make some money baking. At school, she let people know that she would make them cakes. Someone requested a cake from her. She brought it to them the next day and they paid her.
Andrew wanted to learn to play the piano. So he got the number for a private teacher. He started going to classes with the teacher. Andrew became pretty good at playing the piano. Andrew loved playing piano.
We signed our new lease in February. I delivered it to the concierge. The leasing office said they did not have it. I went down to sign the lease again. The apologized and said they had misfiled the lease.
In middle school, I wanted to look different and stand out. I wore black nail polish and dyed my hair blue. My teachers threw fits over my rule-breaking uniform. I look at old pictures of myself back then sometimes. I am always embarrassed by my striking appearance.
Amy dropped her three year old off for his first day of preschool. She was nervous he would be shy and afraid. She worried about it all day. When she went back to get him he was all smiles. He loved his teacher and all his new friends.
Tom was drinking on his yard. He was listening to music. His neighbor told him it was too loud. Tom was annoyed by it. He almost got into a fight over it.
Bonnie and her friend Sam built a beautiful snowman. They ran inside to find a scarf for him. When she wrapped it around his neck he said pink was for girls. The girls shouted in surprise. Then Bonnie
Grady's house was damaged by a tornado. He had to hire a wrecker company. They came to his house. The wrecker company removed all the debris. In the end Grady was left with an empty lot.
The kids were excited. Their book order books had arrived! They went home and read all night. The next month, their teacher sent home a new book order. They couldn't wait to order again!
The county of Rochester needed a new park. The county council couldn't decide where to put it though! They couldn't afford the landscaping for one in the old empty lots. So they went to the city and asked for help. The city was glad to help, and soon Rochester had a new park.
Jose was enjoying watching a television show on his phone. Suddenly, the screen went black! Jose started to panic. Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died. He charged his phone and finished enjoying his show.
I met a girl online. We were completely compatible. We ended up going on a date to a movie theater. We both enjoyed our time together. We agreed that we'd go on a date again.
April took a vacation to Ireland. There, she toured an old castle used during medieval times. She marveled at the width and height of the fortress. When the tour was completed, she stayed behind in the castle. There she stared up at the castle walls until the end of the day.
John needed to create a new presentation for his job. John struggled to come up with new ideas. John did not meet the deadline. As a result his presentation was incomplete. John was fired from the job.
Jane started a new school today. She was nervous about not making any friends. When she got to school, she met many new people. Her homeroom was full of friendly faces. She went home and told her mom she loved school.
The writer isolated himself. He tried to write a story. His wife interrupted him. At first he felt upset. Then he wrote it into his story.
I won the race. I felt like it was my best race ever. I started sweating right at the start line. I moved my arms more than ever. I looked back right before I crossed the line.
June was in a bad accident. She broke her leg in three places. They were able to fix it but she walked with a limp. She decided to do intensive physical therapy. After several months she has much less of a limp.
Neil wanted to backpack across Europe. He saved his graduation money. Then he bought backpacking supplies. Soon he had booked his plane ticket. Neil flew to Europe to start his backpacking adventure!
Alison was sick of Tammy acting crazy after having a drink. She decided she was going to teach her a lesson. Alison gave Tammy orange juice, telling her there was alcohol in it. Tammy drank it and immediately acted drunk. Alison told her there was no alcohol in it and Tammy was humiliated.
Mary and John went to a chinese food restaurant for lunch. The food was delicious, but soon they started feeling sick. After a few hours, they realized they had food poisoning. They felt horrible all night, but in the morning they felt better. John and Mary decided not to go back to that restaurant again.
Kevin had a date with Miranda. He got her a great bracelet. Miranda was honored. She was happy to get it. She gave him a kiss.
Twas the night of the party. Jill was getting ready to go out. She just had one more thing to do before she left. Jill was ready to go finally! She reached for her keys but they were gone!
My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester, MA. He had two big brothers. One day his mom screamed as she was being mugged. Kenny and his brothers beat up the mugger badly. They told him they would kill him next time they saw him.
My wife retired in September. I told her about doing mTurk. She scoffed as the hits were low-paying. Then she started doing surveys, Now she is on mTurk all day.
As I stood back up, the groom fetched my missing shoe. Everyone joked about how it really was a Cinderella style wedding. I laughed and said the bride was supposed to lose her shoe, not me. The entire thing was caught on tape. They made me watch it and we all laughed after the wedding.
Mike and his wife were afraid their cat would scare their baby. For a long time, they kept the cat out of the baby's bedroom. One day, Mike forgot to close the door. The cat walked in the open door. The cat curled up happily under the baby's crib.
Lorraine wanted to live a healthier lifestyle. She decided to throw away all of her candy and junk food. Later that day she had a craving for candy. She dug through the trash for her candy. Lorraine will try to diet again tomorrow.
Tim set an alarm to go to work. It went off at the right time. He thought he hit the snooze button. Unfortunately he shut it off. Tim was late to work.
Phoebe wants to have a baby. She cannot get pregnant. Her sister offered to be a surrogate. Phoebe agreed to have her sister be a surrogate. She now has the baby she always wanted.
Sally woke up extra early. She decided to make breakfast for her family. She cooked some eggs, made some toast and poured some milk. When her family woke up, they were pleasantly surprised. They all ate a delicious breakfast together.
We had our daughter and her family over last week. They live in NYC while we live in Boston. One night, we ordered Chinese food. We ordered Mongolian beef, Chow Foon, and appetizers. I was very stuffy that night.
Barry noticed that today was a particularly hot day. Barry decided he would take a swim in the pool to cool off. As Barry was approaching the pool, he noticed a sign. The sign said that the pool was closed! Barry was highly upset that the pool was closed.
My friend just had a new baby. He named her Rosalina. I came to visit them last night. His wife said that labor was hard, but it was worth it. I gave their baby a gift and introduced myself as her uncle.
Her grandmother was finally here to pick her up. Tina burst through the front door before Ma even got out the car. Tina ran to her grandmother and gave her a big hug. To her dismay, Tina had to wait because Me went inside. After an hour of hellos Tina and Ma finally left for their sleepover.
Today I was hungry, so I checked the fridge to see what was there. I saw a small thing of refried beans, so I grabbed it. After I finished eating it, I heard my mom call my name. She asked me if I had seen the container of cat food in the fridge. I had eaten cat food, not refried beans.
Tina ordered a toy set that she saw on the commercial. The toy arrived within a week. She tried to set it up as soon as she opened it. Afterwards, she showed it to her child. When the child was playing with it, it broke instantly.
Jennie went to the mall to find some new shoes. She saw that her favorite shoe store was having a sale. She bought three pairs of shoes that she liked. She tried on the shoes once she got home. She didn't like the way any of them fit.
We had just settled into our tent when we heard rustling outside. One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food. I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk. Thinking that something was coming out of the bushes, the skunk left. Luckily, our food was safe and no one got sprayed!
My cousin Keith bought a huge watermelon. Since we were camping we needed a way to keep it cold. He tied a rope around the melon. He drifted it in the river. It got very cold in the water.
I do not like preparing food, so I get a lot of takeout. I'm trying to eat better so I have been buying salads. I buy them premade from the grocery store and from restaurants. But there has been an outbreak of Hepatitis A in my state. So it looks like I'll be making my own salads from now on.
Kristi took on some private music students to make extra money. She had one student who never practiced for his lesson. Every week she tried to encourage him to want to practice. Finally she had to tell his parents that lessons were not helping him. When his parents threatened to stop lessons he started practicing.
Tina is involved in the chorus at her school. The chorus decided to put on a fall concert. Tina invites her parents and other family to attend. Tina performs very well in the concert. Her family applauds her loudly.
Nancy likes taking her two children to the park. They all go to the park in the afternoon. It's getting late so Nancy is ready to leave. She can't find her youngest boy anywhere, she's panicking. She finds him talking with a nice old man who bought him ice cream.
Amanda had been asked to dinner by the new guy in class, Brad. She was shy and almost refused, but Brad was cute, so she said yes. They went to a movie and then they had dinner together. Amanda lost her shyness and began to open up to Brad. She was so glad she had decided to go on this date, after all!
Peter realizes that he is using his car much less than he used to. He decides to sell it altogether to save money on insurance. Peter is surprised when several buyers express interest quickly. He sells the car for more than he thought it would be able to. Peter feels great that he was able to sell his car.
Mary was running late. She decided to take a shortcut to work. She took a wrong turn on her route. The wrong turn ended up being an even better route. Marry got to work early.
Ruby and Cecilia had been friends throughout childhood. Growing up they never had more than minor arguments. It was shocking for both of them when they got in their first fight. Both of them worried this might be the end of their close friendship. But when they made up, their relationship was closer than ever.
Sadie was in the park. She was celebrating her birthday with friends and family. They were in the middle of a water balloon fight. Sadie was hiding behind a tree. Suddenly, her dad came up behind her and dumped water on her head.
Jake's local movie theater had a horror movie night. He loved horror movies. Unfortunately his girlfriend did not. He finally convinced her to go see one. She was scared and had nightmares.
James recently met a woman who he really liked. They had their first date at the beach near his home. After their first date they became inseparable. He plans on proposing to her in the near future. James is so happy now that he found his true love.
Terry worked from home. He bought a new desk to make working more comfortable. It was a beautiful cherry color. He set his computer and files on it. He couldn't wait to get to work!
The young man sat at his desk. He was incredibly bored. His phone rang and caused him to reach into his pants. His friends told him they were throwing a party tonight. He would not be bored for much longer.
Some guy caught my attention at the bus stop. He needed some extra change to use the bus. I lent the money to him and we went on the bus. Since he was also a Chemistry major, we talked about several classes. I gained some expert advice before he left.
Sierra has been taking ballet lessons since she was four. She worked hard year after year to get better. She was determined to be a professional dancer. She tried out for a broadway studio after graduation. Her hard work paid off and she got the job.
John wanted to buy a new video game. His parents didn't want to give him them money. His mother suggested to get a summer job. John spent the summer mowing lawns. At the end of the summer, John had enough money to buy four games!
Me and my friends went fishing. We left early in the morning. We got there at about nine in the morning. We fished all the way until sundown. We had a great day that day.
Gina was awake again. The long ride to Illinois caused her legs to cramp. She sat in the back seat miserable. They drove into a small town Gina recognized. Gina was excited since she knew they were almost there.
Molly needed to put away some blocks. The blocks had to be arranged very specifically in a bag. Molly sat down and tried to work the puzzle out. She had to start over several times. Finally she got it and put it away.
We went to the park today. I was so excited to go on the swings. Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky. I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air! I love going to the park!
The kids were going to visit their grandparents. The grandparents lived on a farm. They grew crops and raised animals. They kids always had a lot of fun. It was a great time for everyone.
Stuart stood watching the brawny men wield the heavy mallet. Strike hard enough and you could make a bell ring. Although the men seemed powerful, none had rung the bell. As Stuart watched, a plan began to form in his mind. He thought he knew how to win the game.
Erin loved chocolate bunny ears. On Easter morning her basket was full of chocolate bunnies. And they had ears that were nearly as big as their bodies. She was delighted with what she had gotten. She didn't know chocolate bunnies could have such big ears.
Sally found a checkbook on the ground. When she looked in front of it, there was a name on the bottom. However, Sally decided to write $200 on the check. The front desk worker at the bank gave her some cash. Sally immediately threw the book away afterwards.
Marcy lost her eye in an accident. As a result, Marcy was very self-conscious. She decided to get an artificial eye. She had one made that looked just like her real eye. Marcy is less self-conscious about her eyes now.
Little Jimmy liked to poke and tease the family dog. His mother would let him get away with it. One day, Jimmy went too far with his teasing. The dog bit Jimmy on the hand. Jimmy never teased the dog again.
Chris was always the last one to be picked in gym class. He didn't mind as he didn't like sports. But it turned out that he was really good at dunking balls. He got picked first choice on the basketball team. Chris cursed his ability as he really hated basketball.
Tina and her friends went out to the beach for some fun. The girls had fun for a few hours in the sun. However to her dismay, it started to rain. Rain poured down and got on everything, Tina then had to run for shelter.
A sculptor set out to carve a statue. He found a fine block of marble and set to work. He spent years toiling over it. When he was finished, he discovered that he had carved two left feet. After that, he took up painting.
Rachael had tried for so long to get pregnant. She wanted a baby so bad. She went to the doctors all the time but they told her the same thing. They told her she just needed to relax and it would happen. And sure enough she relaxed and now she is 6 months pregnant.
John bought some cookies from the gas station. He was craving some milk to wash them down with. He opened his fridge and poured himself a glass. He took a swig and choked. The milk was spoiled.
Jacob heard a scream from next door. He ran to see what was wrong. His elderly neighbor had slipped and fallen. Jacob called the emergency services. He waited with his neighbor until help arrived.
Molly was visiting her grandmother in the nursing home. Her grandmother loved chocolate chip cookies. Molly went to the bakery and picked up half a dozen of cookies. Molly gave the cookies to her grandmother. Her grandmother was excited about the cookies and the visit.
Lucy wanted to quit her job and work online. She did a lot of research at ways to make money from home. Finally, Lucy discovered that she could do freelance writing. Lucy applied for lots of different writing gigs. Her hard work paid off and she began to earn decent money.
My first day of college didn't go so well. I waited outside my first class before starting. I was leaning against some glass displays. Then I knocked them over on accident. There was glass everywhere I was embarrassed.
Lima was a very spoiled girl in Beverly Hills. Her parents thought she needed some humble pie. So they took her to Skid Row on the other side of town. Lima got to hear stories of homelessness and was touched. After that, she treated people better and was way more humble.
Lisa's family went strawberry picking for Mother's Day. They got baskets and baskets of fresh berries. Lisa wondered what they'd do with all of them. That night for dessert her mother made strawberry shortcake. It was the best dessert Lisa could ever remember eating.
May wanted to give her mother a beautiful bouquet of flowers. She searched all over the house and couldn't find any. She went out to the yard and there were none. She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom. Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift.
My little cousin was playing outside. A looked out the window to check on her. She was on her knees with her head lowered. I went outside to make sure she was ok. She said she killed an ant and was praying for it to go to heaven.
Andy enjoyed watching the Olympic games. Moreover, Andy loved seeing the various types of sports. However, Andy absolutely loved watching table tennis. Andy did not even know table tennis was an Olympic sport. Andy could not wait to see the Olympic table tennis competition.
Kim brought a book with her to read on the train. She really got into it and the ride passed quickly. There was a transfer stop along the way. When Kim changed trains she forgot her book. She spent the rest of the trip just looking out the window.
Tom was accidentally shot by his teammate in the army. Tom did not sustain much damage. He was angry so he beat the shooter up. Because of that, he was discharged from the army. He ends up being homeless.
Al went to the bar for some wine. The bartender poured him a glass of red. Al looked at his glass with suspicion. The bartender knew this look very well. Rather than argue, the bartender topped off Al's glass.
Amy was at her mother's house for the weekend. Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes. Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids. Amy realized they had ridden farther than she said they could They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside.
Rene was excited to go on a private jet for the first time. She had seen them in movies but never tried it out. As she walked in it was gorgeous. The flight was amazing. After the flight she never wanted to fly commercial again
Ed put a dog door in so his dogs could go out by themselves. He had a fenced in yard so there was no chance they'd run off. One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal. He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl. It had come through the dog door.
John needed a new coat for the coming winter. John went to the department store. He tried on several coats. John narrowed it down to one of two jackets. He finally picked and bought the jacket with a hood.
My wife is retiring this week. She said she will collect for awhile. She read an article about mTurk. She has decided to work on mTurk. I said that it would be fun.
It was mike's last baseball game. The game was tied and he was on deck. He was getting heckled by members of the other team. So when he came up he was extra motivated. He singled up the middle and won the game for them.
Vince was bored so he decided to go for a walk. He went and sat by the local park's pond and waited. All of a sudden a large crane flew into the pond near him. Vince was amazed and grabbed his phone to take pictures. The Crane got shy and then left, so Vince went back home.
My coworker Ann is recovering from the end of an affair. She had an affair which ended when the man's wife got suspicious. Ann is angry that the man denied having an affair. Today she posted a photo of them together on Facebook. Her ex-lover must be nervous.
Andrew needed to get to work but didn't have any money. He jumped the train, meaning he didn't buy a ticket. Two officers boarded the train and checked tickets. Andrew didn't have a ticket and lied about his name. Now he's worried about being caught for the lie.
Susie was about to have a baby. She was quite nervous about it. She was not sure it would go well. She ended up being in labor for ten hours. When it was over it was well worth it for her however.
I just graduated high school. The administration said they would mail me my diploma. After three months, it hadn't been mailed. I called the administration to ask what happened. They had forgotten to mail it!
A single woman dreamed of one day having a husband. So the single woman put an ad on Craigslist seeking a relationship. The single woman got an email message from a young man. The young man sent a picture that she found attractive. She and the young man went on to date and eventually got married.
Lucy and her grandparents ate dinner. Lucy ate all her fries and got more. She wanted more but grandma stopped her. Lucy had to eat her hamburger first. She ate it quickly and grabbed the last of the fries.
Alan sneezed, startling a squirrel. The squirrel climbed a tree to get away quickly. Alan watched it jump from branch to branch until it missed one. When it landed on its back on a rock, Alan nursed it. As it got better, the squirrel learned to eat from his hand.
Wilfred was a good and loving father. When he took ill and went to bed early, his kids were worried. They prepared him breakfast the next day. And stayed by his bedside telling him stories. When he got better, he took his kids out to the fair to thank them.
Al was in the final laps of a car race. He pulled into third place and looked for an opening. On the next turn he took it wide to get around the other car. The second place car tried to block Al but failed. Al passed him and became the new second place driver.
Jamie was afraid someone was following her home each night. She was growing more and more afraid with each passing week. Jamie finally broke down and bought a gun. One night, a man broke in and Jamie shot him dead. It turned out to be a man wanted by police for serial murder.
Mike picked up his date. They headed to the movies. Mike checked in his pocket for the tickets. They were not to be found. Mike returned home to get the tickets, but his date left.
Akane had been waiting for Christmas all year long. When the day arrived, her parents called her out of her room. In the den, Akane saw that Santa had visited and left presents. She quickly began opening presents one by one. The last thing she opened was a Nintendo 3DS, her most wanted item.
Janice decided to change jobs. Being a bank teller had become so mundane for her. She got a new job and began taking night courses at a local college. She had always wanted to work with children. Janice loves her new job as a teacher's aide.
Sammy was a big fan of one specific late night talk show. He decided to write away for tickets to a taping. A few weeks later, he received show tickets in the mail. He asked his friend, Ted, a fellow fan of the show, to go with him. Sammy and Ted went to the taping and had the time of their lives.
Tom was fairly political. He decided to post something about systemic racism. He got a lot of negative feedback. A few friends came out as racist. Tom unfriended them because of it.
Anthony, 23, checked craigslist for local piano instructors. He visited the home of a piano teacher in his area. The teacher was a 23-year-old Asian female who charged $20 per lesson. Anthony signed up and then determined she was single. But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband.
Sammi was playing the back yard when she spotted a bees' nest. She ran away from the nest, but the bees didn't follow her. Creeping close again, she saw the bees were busy making honey. Later, her mother harvested the honey from the nest. Sammi liked the honey, but she felt sorry for the bees.
Mai went tubing with her gym class. She had never been, but it sounded like fun. But it turned out to be anything but! Mai was freezing and miserable the whole time! She was so glad when the trip ended.
Marissa wanted to sing in a jazz band. She went to the rehearsal. She sang the song Summertime. She did a good job. The band hired her as a singer.
Patricia hated when her mother and father argued. She would cry every time they fought. She was sixteen when her cousin told her stop being a cry baby. Patricia agreed she was tired of crying. Now she has a hard time showing emotion to her boyfriend.
I love pushing buttons on soda cups. It gives me satisfaction. I'm not sure why that is. Feeling the buttons pop makes me feel great. One of those weird things that I enjoy.
Seamus became very interested in US politics. He passionately supported his favorite politician. This particular politician was running for governor. With Seamus' help, the politician won the election. The politician did not keep his promises, discouraging Seamus.
The deer in the field show up every year. This year there were more than normal. When hunting season came, the deer scattered. After hunting season, the deer showed back up. There weren't as many this time.
Jill thought she was the best basketball player. She was convinced she would win the most valuable player award. She was excited for the awards banquet. Jill's coach did not call her name for the award. She was devastated.
Justin was terrified of dogs. His girlfriend had a dog and he wanted to feel comfortable with it. Justin went to therapy to help him get over his fear. After a few months of therapy Justin felt better around dogs. Justin then moved in with his girlfriend and her dog.
Queenie was getting married in a day. Before her wedding, she went to get a pedicure. They made her feet all pretty. Then, she chose a color for her nails. It ended up being really relaxing.
Erin had never made stew before. But since she just got a Crock Pot, she decided to try. She put in her beef and simmered it slowly. Then she added her veggies and finished the stew. When she sampled it, she loved its taste!
My son is a little child. He ran outside to play. His friend was out there with him. They played together with sticks. My son came in from outside.
Mary was scared of swimming. Her mother enrolled her in a swimming class. The teacher asked Mary to put her head under the water. Mary was scared but complied because she trusted the teacher. Soon, Mary was swimming like a dolphin!
Bob's show was starting and he couldn't find the remote to the cable. He tore up all the cushions on the couch, nothing. He checked under the sofas with a flashlight, nothing. He checked on the kitchen table and the bedrooms without luck. Finally he found it sitting next to the toilet in the bathroom.
It was a steaming hot day in Kela's neighborhood. Suddenly she looked outside at the sound of kids' happy shouts. Firemen had come to her street and opened their hydrant. Sweet, cool water was spraying for the kids to play in! Kela bounded downstairs and into the water joyously.
Allie was going on a field trip. They were going to the art museum. When she got there she was so excited. She saw one of the paintings by her sister. Allie felt very proud.
There was a storm where Lucy lived. And she saw a cat soaked in rainy. So she decided to take it inside. The cat was so adorable that she decided to keep it. But when she woke up the next day, her couch and carpet were torn.
Amelia really wanted to join the army. She did her physical but didn't pass. She asked what was wrong with her. They told her she was too heavy and needed to lose weight. So she worked very much to be fit before her next test.
Melinda was driving down a bumpy country road. She hit a bump and got a flat tire! And she had forgotten her cell phone at home! She had instructions for how to change her tire. She was so proud when she managed to do it herself!
Beth was a little girl who wanted money to buy her own toys. Her parent's told her she would have to earn it. They told her to set up a lemonade stand. Beth set up a lemonade stand and sold a glass of lemonade. Beth had earned her very first money.
This year Tina was going to be able to sled on her own. She hoped it would hurry up and snow! Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day. She ran with her sled up the hill by her house. She laughed loudly as she whizzed down the hill on her new sled.
Jimmy and Jay were riding their bikes. While they were riding to the mall, the wheel gave way. The wheel flew off the bike. They had to wheel the bike back. They decided to throw it away.
Phil really wanted a poster from the movie theater. His best friend worked there. He asked him if he could buy it but the answer was no. Days later his best friend showed up with it. He was able to sneak it out after they used it.
I wanted to go swimming in a pool this Summer. I didn't own my a pool at all. I went to the public pool in town. I found that the pool was very filthy. I made a complain to the person in charge about it.
I went to pick my sister up. She was about to get inside my car. Before she got in I drove away. I kept doing this for almost a block. When she finally got in the car she was so mad.
We live in the country, a long way from town. All trips to town are usually well planned to save time and gas. Last week, on the spur of the moment, we went for ice cream. We were all excited about our impromptu adventure. The ice cream store was closed and it was a wasted trip.
Jeff hated to pay his bills. He put them off until they were two weeks late. He was charged $50 in late fees. This was very crushing to Jeff. He didn't have the money to pay for it.
Blake was failing in college. Blake had to get help from his counselor on what to do next. The counselor told him he was put on probation. Blake realized he needed to get his act together. Blake went to tutoring and he would go on passing the next semester.
Bill lived on Juniper way his entire life. He grew up on that street and then bought a house there as well. He figured he would live there forever. Then he met a girl named Juniper. They were married and Juniper wanted to move so they did.
I had lots of imaginary friends when I was little. I didn't think anything of it, but they stayed for a long time. I realized I still depended on them in my adulthood. I talked to a therapist about this phenomenon. She thinks I have Dissociative Identity Disorder.
The man dressed as Santa Claus had been robbed twice that week. Don arrived as Santa was being mugged for the third time. He beat the robbers down into bloody pulps. He showed them no mercy at all. He thought the resulting white skin with red blood was quite festive.
Leah's mother told her not to go into the basement closet. Disobeying her mother, she opened the closet door anyway. A spider scurried out! Leah screamed and ran upstairs. Leah never went into that closet again.
Sylvia was starting second grade. She had been homeschooled and she was nervous. She feared the public school children would be mean and taunt her. But she soon found that she needn't have worried. Sylvia made many new friends on her very first day!
Elizabeth got on her flight to Germany at 1PM Everything started fine, and then the turbulence it. She can handle it well enough, but the man next to her couldn't. He ended up vomiting several times into a bag. She had to smell his terrible breath the entire flight.
Suso hated being late. So she woke up as early as possible. Ultimately though, she missed the train. Suso was bummed. She had to take a cab instead.
Gwen sat down to teach her son how to use scissors. The little boy fumbled with the new tool. After a while, he caught on and cut straight lines. Gwen felt proud of herself for teaching something valuable. The next day, Gwen found straight lines cut in her drapes.
Jim saves up his money all winter. When summer comes he has $20,000 for a paint job on his show car He gets the paint job on his classic car. Jim enters his car in a local auto show that summer. When Jim wins first place he recovers the money he spent on paint.
Kelly really wanted a new puppy. She begged and pleaded to her parents. Her parents finally gave in. The picked up a puppy that day. Kelly was beyond thrilled.
Lita was mad that her husband stayed up late playing games. She started yelling at him for things that didn't get done. Her husband told her he didn't realize there was stuff to be done. Lita sat down to make a To-do list for him. She pointed at the list any time he was planning to stay up late.
Kate and her friends went to a club. Kate saw a guy she had a crush on 2 years ago. They spent the night dancing and enjoying themselves. At the end of the night he didn't ask for her phone number. She didn't care since she knew he wouldn't call anyway.
The kids had one more day of summer vacation. Their parents let them have ice cream for dinner as a treat. They were so excited! They ate two bowls full of ice cream. Then they felt very sick!
The school group planned a trip for an overnight on a battleship. We arrived in the afternoon and took a tour of the ship. The ship was huge and we were free to explore the whole thing. After exploring we were shown to our sleeping quarters. We slept all night and in the morning we left the ship.
Sally liked to eat healthy. So she went to the store and bought a lot of kale. And then made a huge kale salad for dinner. But then she got sick that night. Sally hasn't had kale since that night.
Melinda had always been cautious to a fault. In every building she went to, she always learned the fire exits. Her friends made fun of her caution, but Melinda kept up her habits. One day a fire broke out in the store they were in. Melinda's friends were grateful for her caution then.
Dora was tired of being picked on by her big brother. Her complaints to her parents fell on deaf ears. She decided to get even. Enlisting the help of a friend, she set up a prank which backfired. Luckily, Dora's hair will grow back in a few weeks.
There was a boy who followed Isabella around at school. During recess, he ran after her and yelled her name. During lunch, he tried to sit next to her. Isabella asked if he wanted to be friends, and he said yes. The next day at school, they played together during recess.
Sally was carrying a pumpkin. It was from her garden. On the way to the house she tripped. The pumpkin went flying. The pumpkin broke open spilling its guts everywhere.
The cat strolled through the house. It found something funny. There was a pink ball on the floor. The cat swatted the ball. The cat liked playing with the ball.
Kelsi was doing her friend Stacy's hair for the ball. She wanted to give her curls. She took the curling iron and started curling. To her dismay, Kelsi burnt Stacy. Kelsi apologized and felt terrible.
Ethan sat at the piano in his teacher's studio. He felt guilty because he had not practiced his assignment. At first he thought he should just pretend that he practiced. He then decided this was wrong and he told his teacher the truth. They spent the entire lesson practicing what he should have done.
Kenya got stuck in traffic on her way to work. Since she was late to work, she had to call her boss to cancel. The traffic lasted for 1-2 hours. When she got out, she had to go back home. The family didn't bother saying anything since she looked mad.
Laura sat down and turned on her favorite television show. Laura's younger brother entered the living room. He sat down next to Laura, demanding that she play checkers with him. Even though Laura refused, her brother continued asking her to play. Upset, Laura stormed into her room and slammed the door.
Charlie went to the gym. He saw several of his friends. Charlie talked to his friends until the gym closed. Charlie went home without exercising at all. Charlie realized that he enjoyed his friends more than the gym.
I bought a new television for the big game. The television got to my house just in time. All of my friends came over and watched the game. Many of them commented on my new television. I am happy with my new purchase and I want to buy another.
Dan really enjoyed the television show Stranger Things. He was really bummed it was so short and ended quickly. Dan was frustrated waiting for the next season. He found out he could buy the soundtrack to the show. Dan listens to the soundtrack to mitigate his cravings.
Eddie put a container of milk on the counter. He walked to the pantry to get some cereal. He heard a big thump. When he turned, he found his cat had knocked over the carton. She was licking up the milk that had spilled everywhere.
Tom commutes on the train to work every day. He usually sits alone, but today a nice lady sat next to him. They chatted about their jobs and homes. Tom asked for her number. She gave her number and Tom was happy to have a new friend.
I resolved to fix the hole in the seat of my jeans. I got the sewing kit out of the bathroom. After a few minutes, I pricked my left index finger. I put the sewing kit back where I'd found it. I threw the jeans in the trash.
John hated his brother. He was always getting into fights with him. John did not want to fix things with him. John had to find somewhere else to live in. John left his parent's home to avoid his troublesome brother.
When I was five we were going to go camping with my neighbor. A day before the trip I got ill and we were unable to go. I was disappointed about missing the trip. The weather was bad and the neighbors were caught in a storm. The camping trip ended up being a disaster and I was glad I was sick.
Jordan needed a job badly. He lied on his resume. The boss liked what he saw on the resume. He called in Jordan for a resume. The boss found out that Jordan was lying and he didn't get the job.
Todd's truck had been having trouble starting. He had been getting jump starts. Todd began to save up money. He went to the store and bought a car battery. Todd installed the car battery and had no more trouble.
Kody Scott was a gang member with a fancy name, Monster. In jail, someone asked him how he got that name? He said he tried to steal a man's car and that man showed up. They got into a fight and Kody beat up that man. The police said whoever beat up this man was a Monster.
Phil's mom warned him to not let the dirty clothes stack up. Phil did not listen. Phil just kept stacking dirty clothes on top of dirty clothes. One day Phil was going to go on a date. Phil had no clean clothes to wear on his date so he had to cancel it.
Amy grew up on a farm in Illinois. Her family moved to the city when she was 14. She visited her grandmother farm for the first time in 20 years. After dark they sat on the porch and a firefly landed on Amy's arm. It took her back to her childhood since she hadn't seen one in years.
He slept in late after staying awake all night. He rolled over in bed and stared at his wife. She woke up, asking him what was wrong. He said he was exhausted. She gave him a hug and told him to get some rest.
Jena wanted to have a snack. She decided to microwave a bag of popcorn. Jena put the popcorn in for too long. The popcorn burned. Jena put another bag in for less time.
I wanted to open a checking account. I found a local bank that had no opening fee. I went inside and asked to be helped. I met someone who helped me set up an account. When I left the bank, I had a new account.
Sara auditioned for a role in a car commercial. She practiced her one line night and day. At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess. So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too. She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous.
Yesterday I went out and got some sour candy. I knocked myself out with candy. When I got some I realized my tongue was hurting. I ate too much. I had to slow it down.
Barry loves gardening, but hates one task. Barry despises having to pull weeds out of his garden. However, Barry knew that he had to pull the weeds out of his garden. As Barry was about to start the pulling the weeds, it began to rain. Barry was quietly glad for the rain, as he did not have to pull weeds.
I woke up a little past my morning alarm. Because of this I had little time to shave. My disposable razor handle snapped halfway into the shave. I had no time to find another or repair it. When I arrived at work, everyone laughed at the half shave.
Ren asked a friend to write a report or her. It took her friend a few days to prepare the paper. They exchanged the money and report when the paper was due. After the class, Ren received a phone call from her friend. She was mad since her report received an F.
The woman made a bowl of popcorn. She put butter on the whole bowl. Her son said he did not want butter. She popped another bowl of popcorn. She gave the popcorn to her son.
Katie was getting nervous because she lost her puppy. She looked everywhere for it. She searched the entire town and her house. Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding. Kelly breathed a sigh of relief.
Tom took his girlfriend to the zoo. She had never been to any kind of wildlife preserve. Tom felt proud as he showed her the beautiful animals. Then they saw two zebras in an open field mating in front of everyone! Tom never took a girl to a zoo again.
Sam was foraging the forest near his house for mushrooms. He found some large chicken of the hen mushrooms. He carefully picked them off of the tree log. Afterwards, he carried his mushrooms home. He was able to sell them to a restaurant for $300 the next day.
Cameron had written a song he really liked. His only problem was that he hated the lyrics. He tried for days to find better words. Still nothing came to him. Finally he decided to go without lyrics instead.
Brian took out his pocket knife and started to whittle. He made a snake that coiled around the branch he was whittling. A passerby was amazed at his talent and offered to purchase it. Brian asked for 10 dollars. The man gave him 20 dollars and told him to keep up the good work.
Lindsay was young. One day she came over dressed in a bathrobe. She ended up going to a relative's house. She was embarrassed by what she was wearing. Now Lindsay gets fully dressed before she leaves her house.
Matthias was an up and coming country singer looking for fame. He was singing and rocking and wowing the ladies in the local shows. He got his big break when his new single hit the airwaves. His road to success had started and he was bringing in the big money. He became country music's next top singer and was a superstar now.
Lee wanted to compete in a race. She started running on her own. Soon she was faster and faster. Then she entered a race. Lee came in third place!
In 1996, my parents tooks a trip to Europe. They toured several countries in only a few weeks. During this trip, they brought back several keepsakes. They gave me a watch from Switzerland. The watch was psychedelic and shiny, and I cherish it.
Kolton went to library with his Grandmother. He decided to check out a scary book. His Grandmother warned him that it might give him nightmares. He went home and read the whole book. He had all kinds of nightmares that night!
Mary is going to South Africa this summer to do charity work. She had to get several vaccinations before she left. However, she's very scared of needles. She went through with it because she really wanted to go. Now that that's over with, Mary is very excited to leave.
Jim and John looked forward to going to this new restaurant. They both loved Mexican food and it was close to their apartment. They both set a time to go over the weekend. When the night came, they both got ready. It turned out be a good restaurant, and continued to go there a lot.
Tom met a new friend named Bill. He could immediately tell Bill was very intelligent. He learned that Bill was a voracious reader. Bill made several reading recommendations including news websites. Tom began reading the news websites daily and soon felt much smarter.
Jane loved collectibles. She had a figurine that was very special to her. It was of a girl scout. She'd gotten it as gift when she joined the troop. Jane dusted it every day and kept it on display.
The big draft day was almost upon us. I started to do research to see what players I should be taking. I felt really good about my chances. But then the draft order came up and I was stuck with the 12th pick. I really wish i had gotten something more in the middle.
Ron and Kate were playing outside. But it was a burning hot day. They decided to go back inside. But then they heard an ice cream truck. They enjoyed eating ice cream outside together.
Jake had wanted to climb the tower for a long time. It had a bunch of stairs, but everyone said the view was great. He began his climb. Jake went up one hundred stories to the top. The view was incredible.
Darren had been split up with his wife for three years. They had not spoken a single word to each other since. One day his phone rang and it was his ex wife. She had been kicked out by her new husband and needed a place to stay. Darren now has a new roommate and it is his ex wife.
I needed to get some items for school. I went to an office supplies store with my aunt. I bought pens, papers, a calculator and a small tablet computer. We then went and had lunch and talked about clothes. To finish out our day, we went shopping for some jeans and shirts too.
Chanel hadn't talked to her mom in many years. They were finally having a chance to see each other again. Chanel was waiting at the airport to pick her up. She grew more excited as her mom appeared in the lobby. The two met and hugged each other closely, happy immediately.
Kelsi was getting married. She needed that perfect dress. She decided to drive to the shop to look. She liked the first one she tried on. She immediately bought it.
Kelly was driving home late last night from a party. She was speeding a bit. A cop ended up pulling her over. Thankfully he only gave her a warning. Kelly new better next time.
Cynthia loved staying indoors, she rarely left her home. She often broke down in public places minutes after leaving her house. She was diagnosed with social anxiety and needed medicine to go out. She finally decided to see a shrink about her debilitating condition. She got better within days and now shops for herself every day.
Our cat is devoted to my wife. She follows her around. Today my wife closed the door to get dressed. The cat scratched the carpet trying to get in. My wife said the cat is obsessed.
Cortana didn't like brushing her hair. Sometimes she wouldn't brush it for days. Eventually her hair got so tangled that it looked like a birds nest! She heard that using coconut oil would help to detangle it. After one whole bottle of coconut oil her hair is now detangled.
The family had just bought a new house. There was only a carport and no garage. They hated having a cold car every winter morning. They decided to build a garage. It would be a huge improvement to their home.
DJ wants to get in shape. He decided to join a gym. DJ lifted weights. He got into great shape. Now DJ feels much better.
Emily is a major gift officer at a non-profit organization. She has a pushy personality and isn't well-liked. Because of this, she doesn't earn a lot of gifts from donors. When she doesn't earn gifts, she doesn't hit her portfolio goals. Emily was recently fired because she didn't hit her goals.
Steve planned on cooking macaroni and cheese for lunch. He turned on the stove and nothing happened. He checked all the wires, but nothing worked. He called a repairman who came out that day. Soon, the stove was fixed.
Clint was a young fireman. He would often be the first person to report a fire. The fire department investigated some suspicious fires. They discovered that Clint had been setting fires. Clint was sent to jail after being convicted of arson.
Whitney wanted to impress her friends. She brought out her best recipe for enchiladas. She followed the recipe just so. She served everyone. She tasted them and realized she forgot the cheese!
Kara and Kelly used to be close friends. One day, Kelly told her other friends a secret about Kara. Eventually, Kara found out what happened. She felt she could not trust Kelly anymore. They stopped hanging out because they no longer felt close.
Ben had been called over by his friend Samantha. She had a couch that needed to be moved. She really needed help because the couch was so heavy. They both struggled and strained with the weight of it. Finally they were able to move it.
Mike hated green vegetables of all kind. When he got married his wife cooked a lot of new foods. She made Mike a bowl of collard greens. Mike wanted to be nice so he tried the greens. To his surprise he thought they were delicious.
All my life I always had the most unruly curly hair. I finally decided to tame it and purchase a flat iron. When I bought the device, I heated it up and put it on my hair. To my surprise my hair was silky smooth. I could not believe my eyes.
Jim and Lauren had been together for a year. Lauren knew Jim was the one for her. Jim was not sure. One day Jim took Lauren for a walk. However, instead of proposing, he broke up with her.
Rob wanted to watch a movie with his girlfriend. He waited for her to get home from work. They talked about what movies they would like to watch. They agreed on a movie that was on Netflix. They watched the movie together and went to sleep.
Chad was working on repairing a car. He had one more part to fix. He went to the parts store to buy the part. The parts store was out of the part. The clerk ordered the part for Chad.
The teacher handed my test paper back. I noticed that I received an F, despite most of my answers being right I asked the professor to explain the reason for this. He told me that there are no second thoughts. He ended up being fired once the principal found out.
Martha always wanted to be a good baker. She watched a TV show on how to bake bread and tried it on her own. She ended up baking her first loaf of bread a week later. The loaf ended up coming out burnt. Her mom yelled at her and told her not to bake bread ever again.
Kate wanted to teach her puppy to sit. First, she watched online videos about how to train a dog. Then, she went to the pet store to buy treats. When Kate told the puppy to sit and he listened, she gave him a treat. Now the puppy sits a lot in hopes of getting treats.
I set my alarm clock for 8 o'clock. I didn't wake up in time for work. I was furious. I grabbed the clock to see why it was broken. It turns out I set it for 8 o'clock at night.
Jessica tripped and fell on her way into class on the first day. Jason, Jessica's friend from last year, snickered at her clumsiness. New kids Lina and Mark, helped Jessica to her feet. They did not laugh at her, they asked if she was ok. Jessica decided she would rather make nice, new friends.
Since Nancy looked young and innocent, Drew loved her. He also had a good impression of her motives. They started to talk to each other for a couple of days. Afterwards, he realized that she's worse than he thought. He also mentioned to me a moment when she punched him for no reason.
Lynn wanted to quit doing heroin. She knew it would be hard. So she signed up for support groups to be sure she had help. It was a long, tough struggle, but Lynn fought hard. In the end, she managed to get clean!
A girl went into a cafe and approached the counter. She asked if she could plug her cell phone charger in. The cashier told her it was okay and plugged it in behind the counter. When the girl left, the cashier secretly unplugged the charger. He felt very evil for betraying her trust, but he never liked her.
Donna wanted to be an elementary school teacher. She always dreamed of working with children. But her dreams changed after she was hired at a local school. She became sick of dealing with kids and parents. And she wished she never became a teacher.
The mountain loomed on the horizon. They had their gear all packed, it was time to go. It was a direct vertical ascent, almost 1000 feet straight up. They began slowly making their way up. The summit would take days, but they knew it would be worth it.
Sam wanted to go to a party. Her parents wouldn't let her. She decided to go anyways. She ended up getting caught. Her parents punished her for not abiding by the rules.
Jordan needed to return a pair of pants to the store. He could not find the receipt for the pants, however. He looked in his wallet and junk drawer to no avail. Jordan took the pants to the store anyway. The clerk gave him store credit and a warning for next time.
Monica's class went to a glass blowing studio for a field trip. She watched in awe as the artist worked with the molten glass. She didn't know how we could stand the heat! She watched him make a glass angel. She wondered if she would be able to make something so pretty.
Jenny went to the beach on a hot summer day. She laid out her towel on the white sand and put on sunscreen. The ocean breeze and smell of salt made her feel calm. She pulled out a book she never got a chance to finish. She enjoyed the rest of her day relaxing and reading.
Ken entered a marathon. He didn't train all that much. He was not properly prepared on the day of the marathon. Ken only made it a fourth of the way before giving up. He was too exhausted to continue.
Sarah's apartment didn't have central heat and air. But it was really hot! Sarah went to the store. She bought a box fan. Now it's less hot.
Bill had just graduated from college when he moved to a new town. Bill didn't know anyone. Bill decided he would make friends at his new job. Bill asked his co-workers to have dinner with him after work one day. They all accepted and are now fast friends with Bill!
Kelly decided to run in a marathon for cancer. She woke up everyday at 5am to run 5 miles. She even trained with a personal trainer to complete the entire race. On the day of the race, there was a snowstorm. The race was cancelled and Kelly felt disappointed.
We walked down the dark trail. People dressed as monsters jumped out at every turn. We jumped and screamed a lot. We started running at one point. We had a great time at the haunted trail.
Cruz had a crush on a classmate. He asked the girl to be his girlfriend. The girl admitted that she was interested in someone else. Cruz was heartbroken. His mother spent days trying console him.
Frank bought a cheap phone at Walmart last month. The phone wasn't very user-friendly. Whenever Frank tried to make a phone call the phone shut off. He was so fed up with the phone at this point. Frank bought the new iPhone.
Rick is bored with life. He wants a new job. He decides to open a new shop. He opens up a pawn shop. Rick was very happy with his new job.
Dola had just broken up with her boyfriend. The two met at the mall a few days later. They started to talk, hesitantly at first. Soon they were laughing and chatting just like old times. Dola agreed to give her ex another chance.
For my 40th birthday party we went out to eat. We arrived at the restaurant. I was surprised that many of my friends met us there. We ate, drank, and had a fun surprise celebration. It was a very good birthday.
Gina and her family were attending her Grandpa's funeral. Gina didn't want to sit in the front row. She waited in the lobby till everyone was seated. She crept in and took a seat towards the back. Her mother saw her and made her move to the front row.
Tom got into trouble at work. They claimed he hadn't replied to emails. Tom said he never got them. They checked and the e-mails went to his spam folder. Tom fixed the problem and did better at work.
Tom wanted to watch a movie. He owned many great movies on DVD. He could not decide which one to watch. He put all of his DVD's in a pile. He closed his eyes and randomly selected one, he enjoyed it.
Anna wanted to give her friends friendship bracelets for Christmas. But she had so many friends, she couldn't afford enough bracelets! Then she thought of a clever solution. She got out her strings and set to work knotting. Each girl received a beautiful homemade bracelet from Anna!
Rex had always wanted to learn to play an instrument. He decided to learn to play violin. At first it was tough to play. However, he practiced until he felt comfortable with the violin. He was happy to finally be learning how to play an instrument.
Henry woke up somewhere cramped and dark. He couldn't move at all, and realized he was in a coffin. He began to scream, but of course no one could hear him. They'd mistaken Henry's coma for death. After some hours, Henry suffocated, proving them right.
Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins. She was very nervous about flying in a plane. She had her eyes shut tight when the plane took off. Before she knew it she was in the air. She realized there wasn't really anything to be afraid of.
Carol had a bunch of obsolete computer manuals she had no use for. She didn't want to throw them out and create more trash. Carol had an inspired idea! She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards. They had some epic medieval style fights, using the books as ammo.
Susie got a gift for her birthday. It was an album. She had never heard it before. When she put it in the computer she couldn't believe it. It was the best album she had heard.
My mom came home from work. She forgot that baby Elena was by my aunt's house. She panicked and called the cops. They couldn't report anything since no crime happened. My mom received a warning.
Chuck is an amature body builder and is huge! He wants to switch and become a marathon runner. It requires a very different type of workout than Chuck's used to. He found a program  that can help him make the change he wants. He signed up, made his goals, and got to work.
One day at work Jenny spills coffee on her blue jeans. She tries to get the coffee stain out, but it stays on her jeans. She decides she cannot wear them any more. The next day she buys a new pair of jeans for work. She is very careful not to spill anything on her new jeans.
Mark and Olivia had been fighting a lot. Mark decided he was ready for a divorce. He filed the paperwork at the courthouse. Olivia was crushed. She thought they were going to get back together.
The mailman delivered my set of new acne products. For the past week, I used it everyday. However, my face started to dry up and it formed rashes. Today, I had to wear a hat in school to protect my face. I had to squint my eyes to relieve the pain.
Nancy was afraid of roaches. She screamed every time she saw a roach. One evening she fought with her mother and was kicked out. She slept in Mayfair Park, across the street from her house. She used a public restroom and a roach scrambled out her underwear.
Tory is a busy woman and complains about losing energy. This afternoon, after work, she went to pick up her two kids. They were tired and fell asleep in the front seat. While driving Tory fell asleep and crashed at an intersection. She blamed the crash on the other car, but she was on camera sleeping.
Olive went to try wedding dresses again that day. She put on a fake engagement ring before heading in the store. She stayed there for two hours looking at herself in the mirror. She told the store clerk she'd come back when she made her choice. But as soon as she was out of the store, she removed the ring.
The family went to the farm to find a Christmas tree. The found one and chopped it down. It was the perfect size. The took it the their car and tied it down. When they got home they decorated it.
Mirkle was a Christmas elf at a local department store. He had to go through training in early November. After training, he had to be part of the Christmas village. The day after Thanksgiving Mirkle start in the village. He was the best elf at the village that year.
Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection. Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard. New specimens were getting harder to find, making her sad. Daisy's parents wanted to help, so they planned a trip to the Park. That weekend, they all had a great time together hiking for new rocks.
I decided to make burgers. I made the patties and put them on a plate. I left the plate on the picnic table. Next thing I knew, the dog had stolen the plate. She had the burger on the ground, eating them all.
Ernest was playing video games. The sound of explosions and gunfire emitted from the television. His mother walked in the room and sighed. She turned off the television, much to Ernest's protest. Ernest had been playing all morning.
John knew how to do almost everything. He did not know how to swim though. John wanted to learn so he took lessons. Eventually John learned how to swim. John went on to be a great swimmer.
I often receive flowers when i was in college. I kept them all inside a book. Then one day i received a dozen of red rose. I had difficulty in putting it in a book because it's too many. So i decided to put it on a vase.
Susan got a new phone. She needed to see how to use the Touch ID. She put her finger on it. She had to do it numerous times. Finally she did it right.
Jane loaned Parker her favorite pair of sunshades. Parker never returned the sunshades. Jane confronted Parker about the sunshades. Parker admitted to losing the sunshades. Jane made Parker buy her a new pair of sunshades.
Dan wanted to be just like his older brother Dave. Dan majored in business, just like Dave. Dan moved to New York in order to be close to Dave. Dan and Dave eventually decided to go into business together. Now Dan and Dave's is New York's largest furniture supplier.
Tim had a hard test coming up. It was in geometry, a subject he's weak in. Tim spent extra time studying. The day of the test he was nervous. Tim wound up getting a bad grade.
My husband and I decided we wanted to grow our own fresh vegetables. We tilled and prepared the area we decided would work best. After the tilling was done, we laid weed barrier down over the ground. We staked some fencing around the garden plot to keep animals out. After all that was done, we planted our vegetables in rows.
Joe's mother bugged him constantly to tie his shoelaces. She said he was going to trip on of these days. Joe ignored her. One day at school he stepped on his lace as he walked down the stairs. As he lay at the bottom of the stairs he wished he'd listened.
After debating for some time. Larry decided he would give in to his son's wish. He drove to the pet store down the street. He spoke with the store owner which led him to the birds. He found himself purchasing not one but to parrots for his young son.
Tom was a sprinter. His record was 13 seconds for 100 meters. Tom ran as fast as he could. Tom's new time was 12 seconds! He had a new personal record!
Tyler is skating. Tyler is showing off. Tyler falls and lands on his neck. He is taken to the hospital. Tyler has a broken neck and needs time to heal.
Mike was running in the gym. He started wiping his sweat with a towel. During the run he saw odd blue stains on the towel. He realized the blue stains were from the dye of his headband. He took off the headband and finished the run.
It was sweltering outside. James called a repairman to fix his a/c. It took the man all day, but the a/c was fixed! James turned the temperature down as low as it would go. He couldn't wait to cool off!
Sandy had work on Friday night. Her friend was having a birthday party on the same night. She asked her co-workers if someone could take her shift. All of her co-workers said no. Sandy decided to call out sick.
Hannah wanted to make her own s'mores. She bought marshmallows and Graham crackers. Then she melted her chocolate on top of them. Her s'mores came out gooey and warm. Hannah was very proud of her snack making skills!
Cindy wanted to be a doctor. And she was driven to help people. But she became desensitized to people's pains and illnesses. So she had no emotional involvement in her job. She sadly worked as a doctor until she retired.
Audrey volunteered at an animal sanctuary. She was especially excited to help take care of the cats. While there, she met a 1-year-old black cat that she adored! She decided to adopt it and take it home. Now they live together at her house happily!
Joe decided he wanted to start his own business doing something fun. He constructed a business plan to open a local gym. The business plan promised to provide Joe with a steady income. He was shocked to see 15% more membership sales than he anticipated. Joe's business became a success and gave him the money to live well.
My grandma made a giant batch of oatmeal every morning. She stirred it in a large metal bowl. She poured the oatmeal into dog dishes. Grandma placed the dog dishes outside. Her dogs ate the oatmeal for breakfast.
Carl owned a large field of land. He decided to grow crops in his field. He had his friends help him plant corn on his land. He has miles of corn growing on his land. He now sells his corn and splits the money with his friends.
Gina had been tripped and had fallen in the sand. Her friend Tami grabbed her arm to help her up. Gina knew she looked a mess all covered in sand. She wiped her face, and Tami wiped her legs. Gina was so upset she began to cry.
Becky bought new shoes. She loved the way they looked. They fit too tight. At first Becky dealt with it. Eventually it was too much and she had to exchange them.
I just turned forty years old. I had a midlife crisis. I decided to buy a sports car. My wife got mad at me. She made me sell the car.
Jake grew up poor and always daydreaming. He frequently told his mom that he wished he could fly. At adulthood, he chose a career path and studied hard. When he graduated college, his mom sobbed with joy. Jake had just become a pilot - now he could finally fly!
Wendy's mother and father wanted to go on a date. They hired a babysitter. The babysitter played games with Wendy. They had a lot of fun. When Wendy's parents came home, she was fast asleep.
Jane was hiking with friends. They came upon a waterfall. Jane's friends all jumped in. Jane was a bit hesitant at first. Eventually she jumped in and had a lot of fun.
Richard's favorite animals were foxes. He decided to build a trap, so he could he a fox as a pet. Richard's mom asked where he was going with all of his tools. When he told her, she said foxes were wild and would make bad pets. Richard threw away his trap and asked for a dog instead.
Teddy hoped to be a star at gymnastics. He began taking classes at the local YMCA. Teddy's instructor was harsh, but very skilled. Teddy felt that he was learning a lot. Teddy continued improving and his dream followed him much of his life.
Tom hated the opera. His wife loved going. She would drag him to it often. One time he fell asleep and started snoring. His wife was terribly embarrassed.
Alicia loved movies and goes to the theater a lot. She decided to see the newest comedy. She bought her ticket then stood in line for popcorn. She found her seat in the theater and got comfortable. After the movie she went home and told her parents about it.
Arnold was scared of roaches. He would always be paranoid in his house because of this. He thought roaches were hiding in his house. One day he got up from bed for a glass of water. He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall.
I was about to move into a new apartment. I was so happy that I threw a huge party. I had lots of food and drinks. At the end of the month, I had no money for rent. I decided that I would make a budget after that month.
Caley was reading a book in the bathtub. She dropped the book in the water. The book was soaking wet. Caley tried to let the book dry out, but it didn't work. Caley had to buy a new book to finish reading it.
Kyle dreamed of being a cheerleader. He didn't have any experience but he wanted to learn. He stood outside and swung his pom poms around. He was determined to be the first male cheerleader. When it was time for tryouts, Kyle could hardly wait!
Ann hated chores, especially washing dishes. But she took a job as a dishwasher after school to earn money. She saw how hard and tiring it was to wash dishes constantly. She went home and saw her poor mom struggling to do the same thing. After that, Ann did the dishes every day without being asked.
Sally was going to make a pumpkin pie. She had never made one before. She found a recipe and bought the ingredients. As it was cooking, the house smelled great. Sally's pie turned out beautiful.
Eli really wanted to have his wedding in the park. They wouldn't let him book the venue. Then he found an old cold war bunker with a cool vibe. He suggested to his fiance they get married there. Eli's distraught because she decided not to marry him.
Penny was at recess with her friends. She started picking on a boy. Suddenly, the boy got angry. He punched her in the stomach and she began to cry. The boy got in trouble, even though she had started it.
Steve had just gotten a driver's license. He wanted to get a car. Steve asked his parents for a car. His parents told him he needed to pay for half. Steve got a part time job.
Lacy was heading out for a walk. She found a wallet in the street. She looked in the wallet and found an address for the owner. She saw it was around the corner, and went to deliver it. The man was so happy, and Lacy felt good returning it.
My friends and I were having a friendly game of soccer. Richard was the goalie, and I was on my way towards him. I kicked the ball towards the net with great confidence. Richard stopped the ball with his arm, but felt a sudden pain. Unfortunately he broke his arm, but it healed well in the next month.
Jake was a baseball player. He was their starting pitcher. He threw a perfect game last season. He was expected to do great things this season. Jake knew he would pitch great this year.
Samantha discovered Booger Balls splattered all over the backyard. She had exactly five minutes before her friend party would start. Samantha called to her mother for help. Her mom came to the rescue with the garden hose. After the Booger Balls had been washed away, the party started on time.
Baxter enjoyed being the center of attention. He was the teacher's pet from the start of the school year. As always, he brought his teacher an apple. The teacher looked at the apple and smiled at Baxter. Baxter sat down in his chair and glowed with pride.
Joe and Bob were watching a sports game on television. They were each rooting for a different team. The team Joe rooted for won the game. Bob was upset and embarrassed. Bob left the house without a word.
We thought it would be fun to go sledding together. We went to a place that has many slopes. We went down them and were amazed by how far we flew. Each bump would send us flying in the air. It was exciting but also somewhat scary.
Robin was going through a  nasty divorce. He was losing custody of his children. He decided he needed to come up with a way to see his kids. He decided to dress up and play as their nanny for hire. Robin loved spending time with his kids even as someone else.
Ronald puts some pasta in boiling water to cook. He then checks his mail. The pasta cooks for too long. It now has a soft texture. Ronald decides he has to pay attention the next time he cooks.
Ericka fell in her bathroom. She hit her leg on the toilet. She had a big cut and went to the emergency room. The ER doctor was unable to sew it up. They called a surgeon who fixed the cut.
Duke was a star athlete at his school. He performed well in everything but his academics. He was failing all of his classes. Duke's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team. He was so upset he dropped out of school and didn't graduate.
Rocky was picking fruit from the orchard. He was high in the tree on a ladder. He lost his footing and fell. He woke up in the back of the truck. A friend was holding an ice pack to his head.
Fred is a pirate. Sometimes Fred likes to search for treasure. One day, Fred found a map. It led him to treasure. Now Fred is a rich pirate.
James woke up in the middle of the night to find his bed shaking. All the things in his room were shaking furiously. He was scared, but then suddenly it stopped. He got up and checked the news. He found out there had been an earthquake!
Laura and her husband had two little girls. Laura and her husband thought were they done having babies. One day Laura started feeling a little off. She visited the doctor and got the shock of her life. Laura was pregnant not with one baby but with twins!
When Jim's laptop stopped functioning, he bought a new one online. He waited for it every day checking his mail. When it finally arrived, Jim was ecstatic. He plugged the new laptop right away to see how good it was. But as soon as the laptop's screen lit up, it changed back to black.
Sarah's didn't want children but her husband, Bill, did. She secretly got a prescription of birth control pills. One day, Bill found the pills and was furious. After they were argued, Sarah felt really ill. Two days later, Sarah discovered she was pregnant.
Timmy wanted nothing more than to meet Rory McIlroy. He played a lot of golf and Rory was his favourite player. Last year, Timmy's dad got him tickets to go to the US Open. Rory's tee off time was the first of the day, so it was very early. Despite this, Timmy managed to get an autograph.
Maurice was traveling to Mauritius. He liked the country because it sounded similar to his name. When he arrived, it was not very well developed. Maurice didn't have a very enjoyable time. He left the following weekday.
Andy was feeling very nervous. He had a blind date at a restaurant. He sat down and waited for the date to show up. She said she would be wearing a black dress. When she came through the door, Andy was impressed with her beauty.
Tim was playing video games. His mother told him to turn them off. She wouldn't let him play until his grades went up. Tim studied everyday. He realized that sacrificing games for homework was worth it.
Tom was a student at middle school. There was a health fair at his school. He decided to get his hearing checked. He really enjoyed the testing process. He was happy to learn he was in perfect health.
The first day of school is tomorrow. My daughter is a little nervous. She has to ride a new bus this year. She does not know a lot of people on this bus. I assured her she would do fine.
Joe loved plants. So he bought himself some seeds and soil and a pot. He planted his seeds in a pot full of soil. He watered the plant everyday. In a month it grew into a big plant.
James was walking down a street one afternoon. He noticed a wallet lying on the ground. He decided to bring it to the police station. That evening, the phone rang. The old man had called to thank James for returning his wallet.
Todd is a very good trumpet player. His sister Nancy plays drums. They write and perform songs together at the local fair. They've both received recognition for their talents. Todd and Nancy both receive a recording deal for their work.
Bill's plane is nosediving so he goes into the cockpit to investigate He finds the pilot unconscious. He calmly calls air traffic control. They help him fly the plane until the pilot wakes up. The pilot is hospitalized but everybody lives.
A man went on a road trip. He drove all day and night. He did not want to pay for a hotel. He decided to sleep in his car at a truck stop. He saved money and resumed the trip the next morning.
I saw the baby sparrow fall out of the nest. I watched as it stumbled around and seemed to be unharmed. I wondered if I should put him back in his nest. I did not have to because the momma bird still fed him on the ground. Baby learned to fly three days later.
On a sidewalk i saw an old man carrying his heavy bag. I helped him carry his bag along to the bus where he rides. He bid thanks and he wants to give me money. I didn't accept it because i'm not expecting anything in return. Then he said he admires me of my good deeds.
Bill and Dan were going to prank their high school English teacher. They looked up his address and drove to his house one night. They had a dozen rolls of toilet tissue and began littering the yard. Suddenly, the outside lights came on and someone yelled out. They got caught and were expelled from the school!
Fred decided he should stay in touch with his aunt. He decided to send her a letter. Fred typed her a letter about how much he missed her. When he was finished, he mailed the letter. Fred was happy to be in touch with his aunt.
Carla was cleaning her laundry room. She scrubbed the wash sink with a sponge. Her ring slipped off and went down the drain. Carla was frantic! She pulled apart the drain but couldn't find the ring.
Tina always ran cold. Her boyfriend was more warm. She constantly wanted to turn up the heater. He constantly sneaked and turned it down. It caused them to break up eventually.
Ken needed to do laundry because all his clothes were dirty. He went to the laundromat and no one was there. Ken decided to get naked and wash the clothes he was wearing. He ran out of money by the time he needed to use the driers. Ken strutted to his car for more quarters and a man whistled at him.
Laura went to the bank to withdraw money. She filled out a withdrawal slip for $9000.00. The teller asked her what the money was for. Laura explained she was remodeling her house. The teller counted out all large bills and wished her good luck.
Dan painted a string of swastikas on the curb in front of his house. He'd read they were Sanskrit symbols for good luck. The neighbors were very offended. They started revving up the media circus to ostracize him. Dan quickly painted over the symbols with a coat of yellow paint.
Sue never forgot to do her homework. In fact, she always did things before they were due. Her teacher gave an assignment on Monday to write a paper. It was due on Thursday. Thursday came around and Sue completely forgot about the paper.
Bobby and Joe were tossing a ball in the back yard. Bobby threw it too hard. It flew across the yard smashing into the kitchen window. Bobby thought he was going to be in big trouble. Fortunately his parents understood that it was an accident.
Jimmy had never gone to a concert before. His friend bobby offered him tickets. Jimmy was excited. They attended the concert together. Jimmy had one of the best times of his life.
I have a hard time reaching a certain position on my back. In this particularly spot, it always itchy. I ask my friends if they can scratch it for me. My friends thinks it is weird for them to scratch my back. Being nice friends they always scratch my back when I ask.
Tom took three showers a day. He noticed his bathroom was no longer clean. He saw mold on the floor. He cleaned the bathroom. His bathroom became clean.
Oliver berated his daughter for eating too many cookies. He sent her to her room, and then sniffed inside the cookie jar. The cookies looked so good, he decided just to eat a few. Oliver ate a few, and then some more, and couldn't stop. Oliver got a horrible tummy ache, and his daughter just laughed.
Wendy bought a few items from the grocery store. She received a call from her credit card provider the next day. They told her that her credit card over exceeded her maximum balance. When she checked her account, there was an unauthorized transaction. Someone paid $3000 for a trip to the bahamas.
Susie went to lunch with her friend Fran. The two went to a cheap restaurant. At the end when it came time to pay, Susie handed over her card. It was declined. Susie felt so embarrassed.
My friends and I got together for a movie last week. We pulled up Netflix and got some snacks. After hours of trying to decide we couldn't pick a movie. Nobody agreed on anything or would want to make a decision. We wound up just talking all night instead.
Marcy was downloading some music. She looked up every artist she wanted. Then, she downloaded each of their albums. Finally, she put all of the music on her device. When she was done, she listened to it.
Randy was the best basketball player at school. Nobody could match his level of skill. James was a new kid at school. He decided to challenge Randy to a game. Randy beats James by 20 points.
The mailman walked past the sign that said to beware of dog. A small dog barked from within the house. The mailman dropped the letters off and walked away. The dog barked once more for good measure. The mailman ignored the dog's pathetic barks.
My daughter was very excited to go on her favorite ride. We walked down the boardwalk. We saw the ride. She rode the ride. After the ride she begged to do it again.
Jenny learned to potty two weeks ago. Her mother was able to teach her rather quickly. Jenny mother would give her a pink sticker every time she potted. Soon Jenny wanted to potty all the time for a sticker. Her mother had to come up with a new good behavior gift for Jenny.
Rose's dog was acting very hyper. She decided to take him on a walk. On the walk Rose's dog saw a squirrel. He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street. Rose was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later.
Cheryl played the accordion. Her neighbors loved the music she played. Then those neighbors moved and new ones came. The new neighbors hated the accordion music. Cheryl had to only play when she went to her parent's house.
It was a warm Saturday. My friends and I decided to go to the pool. We all played around for a while and grilled out. I got a bit sunburn. Other than that it was a really fun time.
Susanna made some cookies. She put them in the oven. Then she forgot about them. She had went shopping. Susanna was upset because they burned.
Mike was in the hospital. He had to pass a kidney stone. It was so painful! He stayed up all night until it passed. Mike had never been so relieved.
Sue had to water her garden. She took the hose out of the shed and hooked it up. She walked the hose to her plants and turned on the water. The hose did not reach the plants. She had to fill up a watering can to water those flowers.
Anna loved hockey more than anything. She thought she was going to be a hockey star when she grew up. In middle school, Anna started playing soccer during lunch time. Anna soon began to enjoy soccer even more than hockey. She now hopes to be a professional soccer player.
Ron sat down at his computer to write his Great American novel. When he finished the manuscript, he got a publishing deal. After the book was released, Ron marketed very hard to sell books. Unfortunately, Ron never sold many copies and was forced to retire. Ron went back to his old job and moved on with his life.
George wanted to be fireman. He signed up to join the local fire department. George had to go through extensive training. He failed training on the first round. But on his second try he was able to pass and join.
Dan had some time off from work he had to use up. Dan called up a few buddies. Dan asked them if they'd like to take a cross-country trip with him. His buddies all agreed. They went from Georgia to Arizona together, and had a blast.
My wife brought the car for service this week. Her mechanic fixed everything but the axle seal. He said his shop did not do that type of repair. I called a repair service I used in the past. They said they could replace the seal.
Kate disliked the co-worker who sat next to her. One day he put in his two week notice. Everyone was sad. To his face Kate pretended to be upset as well. As soon as she walked away she was beaming ear to ear.
I love the sound of auto-tuned vocals. I bought my own recording equipment for singing. I also bought some audio software so I could auto-tune myself. My tracks all turned out silly and erratic. I didn't mind because I was enjoying myself so much.
A major street near Gina's home was closing for repairs. Gina didn't think the street was in bad shape. But she wasn't able to do anything about it. She drove toward the street to cross to the other side. Gina saw you couldn't drive on the street, or across it either
Ann assured her vegetarian friend that her squash soup was vegetarian. The next day, she found out it had been made with chicken broth! She wasn't sure if she should reveal her mistake to her friend. The next day, her dilemma was rendered moot. Her capricious friend announced she was done being a vegetarian!
The doctor told me I was too fat. He said I needed to lose thirty pounds. He gave me an exercise program. I followed the program for three months. I lost the thirty pounds!
Adam was only eight years old. He'd never gone to a seafood restaurant before. He noticed the live lobsters when he first walked into the restaurant. He thought it was really cool that they had an aquarium there. However, he wasn't happy to see they cooked the lobsters.
Rose wanted to change her hairstyle. She thought about dying her hair. So she went across the street to get some hair dye. She picked the perfect color. Unfortunately though it came out badly so she had her stylist fix it.
I had a large stack of quarters on my desk. One day I counted them all. When I was done counting I realized I had 6 dollars in quarters. I took that money and bought lunch with it. I was able to buy four tacos!
I woke up 6 am in the morning. I prepared breakfast and started to open my review books. My brother tried to talk to me. However, he left when he noticed that I was studying. I ended up falling asleep on my couch during the night.
Barry was on the International Space Station. He went for a space walk to make a repair. While in space, his tether came loose. Barry started to drift away from the ship. Instinctively, he grabbed hold of a bar with his dear life.
Sally was desperate for money. She needed to pay rent and was backed up on bills. She took out a payday loan to keep afloat. Now she is further in debt and more desperate. She contemplated suicide when she was evicted.
Tommy was sad that his cat, Fluffles, had died. His mother took him the pet store. There he saw an adorable brown and white guinea pig. His mother bought it for him. Tommy's new guinea pig made him feel better.
Tim was playing games with his family. They all had fun. Suddenly the dog jumped on the table. The dog knocked everything over. The family just started to play with the dog instead.
Laura wanted to go to a local festival with me! I wasn't sure if we should go or not since it was expensive. I told her we needed to sit down and figure it out so we did. We ultimately decided that we couldn't really afford to go. We decided not to go and saved our money instead!
Brandon saw an ad where his favorite band was coming to town. He instantly logged onto his computer and bought a ticket. He bought a new outfit for the show. He arrived early to the show to hear the cover band. After the concert, he waited in line and got autographs.
A small town was located on an island. The only way to the mainland was via a slow ferry. The government built a bridge to ease access to the island. To save money, the contractors used cheap materials. The bridge was torn apart by the first large storm.
John was the best student in his class, but he always feared tests. On the third week of school, his teacher told him a test was coming. John studied for five hours every night for a week to prepare. John showed up to take the test, and it was easy for him. John got his exam back and received an A+.
Mindy's washer stopped working one day, but she needed clean clothes. She didn't know how to fix a washer, and the repairman was busy. Mindy asked the repairman to come later that week, and he said OK. Then, Mindy went to the mall and bought herself some new outfits! She had fun splurging, and she got her washer fixed eventually.
Jamie sewed some curtains. She stitched some pretty trim along the edges. She hung the curtains and was frustrated. The trim looked crooked. Jamie decided to try and undo it.
Brandy liked to walk in the park. One day in the park, Brandy found some money. She was perplexed as to what to do with the money. She eventually turned it into the Police. She never regretted her decision.
Tom was sent to prison without warning. He was very confused about what happened. Suddenly, a year later they release him. They had the wrong person. Tom gets over a million from the government for it
I have received many good video games lately. By the time I'm halfway through one, another is already waiting. I've been jumping from game to game. There is only one that doesn't occasionally crash my video card. So in the end I usually play XCOM 2.
Ed the waiter took an order from a table. One man asked for french fries that were extra crispy. Ed rolled his eyes and wrote down the order. Later the fries came out and Ed served them. The man inspected one to see if it was crispy enough and it was.
Alex needed to go to the pharmacy to get his medicine. He looked all over the house trying to find money to pay for it. On the way, he stopped and bought a single lottery ticket. The next night, Alex won the lottery. Now he never has to worry about finding money for his medicine again.
Colby's teacher had just assigned the class homework. He was upset he had homework. Colby called his teacher a name under his breath. The teacher heard Colby. She assigned Colby extra work.
Depression seemed to overwhelm Sarah after the birth of her child. Her friends and family told her that she should snap out of it. Sarah knew that she should be happy and that something was wrong. She contacted her obstetrician who recommended a psychiatrist. She was diagnosed with postpartum depression and began medication.
After high school, she went to college. She enrolled in the community college. She started attending every week day. She wanted to major in Journalism. She dropped out after the 2nd semester.
Sam got an old lawnmower from his relatives. It didn't work too well. Sam decided to fix it up. He bought inexpensive parts and did the work himself. Soon the lawn mower was running as good as new.
Choriko was a sane and sound individual. He went to work five days a week. He cooked his meals at home and had lots of friends. One day a dog puked on Choriko's shoes. That was the day that Choriko went berserk.
Joe was trying to do all his food shopping in a hurry. He ran from aisle to aisle and gathered his food. While turning a corner he crashed into a stock boy. All of his food went flying. The stock boy helped Joe pick up all his food.
Anna went to a wine tasting. She grew tipsy at her second vineyard! Then she saw what the others were doing. They were spitting out the wine, not swallowing it! Anna felt ignorant and silly.
Sally needed a car. Her husband took her car shopping. They were out all day. Sally was getting sick of car shopping. Suddenly she seen a brand new red car and bought it.
A man was driving to visit friends when he got a call from his wife. The wife told her husband to pull over, and told him she was pregnant! The man and his wife were both very excited for their first child. The couple took classes together to prepare for the birth. The birth went without complications due to the couple's good planning.
We went to the zoo together. We walked straight to Cat Country. There we found the red pandas. They were running and playing. We laughed and enjoyed the show.
Muldoon had an office job. He was tasked with organizing documents. He would often be done with his job by mid-Wednesday. Then Muldoon would be required to show up and do nothing for two days. Muldoon hated the ends of the weeks, but loved the weekends anyway.
One day the Johnston family kitchen caught on fire. Luckily they had a fire extinguisher in the kitchen. Mr Johnston put the fire out with it. Fortunately the fire didn't destroy anything. The Johnstons vowed to be more careful.
Jacob was an interpreter in Iraq. He was on a convoy in the desert, when they hit a mine. Jacob was taken captive by ISIS. He pretended to convert to Islam. He dressed up in a burqa and was able to escape as a woman.
I went to the store for milk. The milk was all the way in the back of the store. I had to walk for ten minutes to get there. When I got to the back I picked up eggs. I forgot to buy milk.
Sylvia was in a dance class. She had her dance recital that night. Unfortunately, she didn't have the routine completely down. Instead, her teacher came up with an alternative plan. During the song, she left the stage at parts she didn't know.
Sarah was excited about going on the trip. Her and her friends were going to float down the river. They had all bought tubes to float down the river in. The day came and they all jumped on their tubes in the river. They spent the day floating, relaxing, and having a good time.
Betty went out of her way to be a good employee. She tirelessly helped customers day in and day out. One day her supervisor came to her and fired her. Betty was so upset she took her 401k and cashed out. Betty bought out her old employer and fired her old boss.
Mary had always loved dogs. She decided to get one as a pet. He was so beautiful, she decided to make him a show dog. He won first prize at his first show! The new dog made Mary so proud.
Tommy wanted a new video game. He had no money to buy the game. He decided to mow lawns to earn the money. Soon, he was able to buy the game. It was the best game he ever played.
Our relationship confuses me. We got into another argument. He accused me of not working hard. I explained my computer was being slow. He refused to listen and shut me out.
My daughter's friend has a hippy mom, S. S loved to smoke pot at home. She would get very talkative and friendly. One day she called me Sam instead of my real name. My daughter's friend was mortified.
Today at work we had some rude customers. They were angry that they could not use their coupons. Their coupons had expired a week ago. Despite their rudeness and their expired coupons, I was nice. I honored the coupons for them, and that made them happy.
Dan was driving to the pond to go fishing. All of a sudden, he felt his car slow down and then stop. He called a mechanic who came out and towed the car. When they got to the mechanic's shop, he fixed up the car. It was too late to go fishing, so Dan had to return home.
My movie theatre charges for almost every little thing. Everything in theatre was already expensive. I thought the least they could do is give me a free refill. The person working behind the counter told me no free refills. This just aggravate me and made me never go back to the movie theatre.
Anita wanted to bake a cake. She looked in her cupboard for ingredients. She needed cocoa powder but could not find any. Anita remembered that she had some chocolate bars. She melted the chocolate down and mixed it into the cake batter.
The man came up with a strategy. He moved some markers on a board. He explained the moves to his soldiers. His soldiers asked questions. The man answered well.
Dilbo Donko was a blackjack dealer. He always played exactly by the house rules. One day a customer got angry with him and accused him of cheating. His manager was on break, and Donko was lost as to what to do. The customer was eventually escorted out by security.
Joe was sweeping the floors of his home. He found some quarters on the ground. Afterwards, he went to the store. He bought a lottery ticket with the quarters. Joe won $10 from winning the lottery.
Gia was learning a new instrument. She thought the cello looked interesting. She spent the first lesson learning how to hold it. She couldn't wait to learn how to play real music on it! Gia was confident that the cello would be the best match for her.
Kevin was supposed to take out the trash. He didn't listen to his parents. His parents then told him he was grounded. That meant losing game privileges. Kevin just rolled his eyes.
Abbey was dating a guy named Justin. The two were together for a few years. Abbey found Justin doing disgusting things on the computer. She decided to break up with him over it. Abbey is glad she dumped him and never looked back.
Jeff was in shock. He couldn't believe the words his doctor uttered. Jeff was told he had cancer. Jeff was determined to beat this sickness. Jeff lost his battle nearly a year after his diagnosis.
Miranda went kayaking. She had so much fun. She did get mad though. She thought it was too expensive. Miranda did not really want to go back.
James lived in a very dark and old house. The house had a huge history and it meant a lot to James. One day there was a big storm and the house began shaking. After the storm, the house collapsed on itself. James was forced to call the police for help.
Chloe was never a heavy drinker. She had a few too many at the bar one night. She decided to drive home. Chloe hit a parked car a few blocks from her house. She never drank again.
Bill was about to again step on stage at the underground club. He always plays the saxophone here, but today is father is here. Bill's father is a very talented but retired and judging saxophonist. Bill nervously steps up and plays his first song. Bill's father nods his approval and Bill plays many more songs.
I went to Frozen Fenway in 2010. My daughter and son-in-law went with me. BC played against BU. I was excited, as BU won the game. I went to BU while my daughter and her husband went to BC.
Stephen loved to read books. Stephen went to the bookstore. He was looking for a science-fiction book. Stephen didn't find one that he liked. Stephen left the store.
Tony had just finished visiting the doctor's office. He had to receive a vaccination in his leg while he was there. A few hours later at home he noticed a lot of pain in his leg. He looked and saw the leg bright red so he went to the hospital. He was lucky because his reaction could have been more damaging.
The woman got on a list for a new heart. She got a call about a possible donor heart. She rushed to the hospital. The surgeon put in her new heart. Her body rejected the heart.
William was a tall man waiting in line to his seat in an airplane. He was afraid the seat might be too small for him. To his surprise the seat was quite roomy. William sighed with relief. It was going to be a comfortable flight after all.
Ace had a problem with gambling. He called a hotline for help. They referred him to a counseling group. Ace went every week for months. Little by little, he managed to get his gambling under control.
Yesterday I saw west side story. I paid a lot of money to get the tickets on Broadway. However to my dismay my seat was horrible. There was a rip and I could hardly see. Thankfully they gave me a refund.
Antonia is upset with her boyfriend. She tells him he doesn't make enough money. She tells him she will leave him if he doesn't make more. Jason goes out and gets a better Job. He makes Antonia happy for the rest of her life.
Henry was on his way to eat at his favorite restaurant. His mom had invited his little cousin along with them. Henry was not pleased with his cousin tagging along. His cousin ran wildly through the restaurant knocking things over. An embarrassed Henry made his mother to promise to never bring along his little cousin again.
Kelsey left for work for work one morning and forgot his coffee. He got to work and made a cup but it tasted really bad. So then he decided he would get a cup at lunch from the local shop. He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night. Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning.
Harry's wife left him for another man. Harry got so blue, wondering how he could move on in life. He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience. As he came out of his blues, he realized he had a book on his hands. A year later, his book on surviving divorce is already helping others.
Mary needed new shoes. The first store she visited did not have a pair she liked. Neither did the second, third, or fourth store. Mary visited six shoe stores before finding the perfect pair. She went home tired, but happy with her new shoes.
Franklin got a toy robot for Christmas. He played with it outside. Then he left to go eat dinner. He forgot about it and left it outside when it rained. The next day he found it all wet and ruined.
Jeb mowed lawns all summer long. He saved up all the cash from his work and his allowance. In the fall he had amassed quite a small fortune. He took all the money to the local pawn shop. There, he bought back the ring his mom had sold to buy food.
Jamie parked her car in an illegal spot. She returned to find a cop writing her a ticket. she tried to convince him to stop. He told her it was too late. She drove off angrily.
My teacher took us to the farm for a field trip. The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses. He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra. After my teacher helped me up, I rode it. It traveled across the farm.
Terry had been working for David. After a few weeks, David wrote him a big check. Terry was happy to take it to the bank and cash it. He felt rich! He stared at his new pile of money and felt proud.
I never seem to have enough money. Recently I turned to Mechanical Turk to earn more. So far I'm happy with the results. I started doing penny batches but then moved on to mostly surveys. I've made nearly $1500.
Tammy needed to go to the store. Her husband worked early so she had to go even earlier. Everything was eerie and quiet while she was out. The positive was that everything was fast and easy. She made it back home so quickly.
We lived in Japan for three Year's While we were there, we had Japanese phones. We moved back to the states. We had no way to communicate to our families. The first thing we did was buy phones.
The man saw the sign. He was confused by it. He asked his wife about it. His wife told him what the sign meant. The man felt silly for not figuring it out on his own.
Tom worked from home. He realized his home office was not a great working space. He decided to buy a new table. He bought a table. The table improved his home office.
Jim was riding in his truck. A rock flew up and hit his windshield. It made a huge crack. Jim knew he would pay a fortune to replace it. He tried to drive without looking at the crack.
Carol went shopping in town and parked in the town center. When she finished shopping, Carol returned to her car and headed home. She didn't realize it but a swarm of 20,000 bees followed her. Passerby's alerted the police and experts were called in. Beekeepers said the bees were trying to rescue their queen.
Jack bought a new book yesterday. He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore. Jack didn't see his dog in the living room. When Jack went to lunch, his dog tore the book apart. Jack wished he had placed his book in a better spot.
It was thanksgiving and my family was visiting me. They all showed up to my house in the afternoon. Around early evening, it was time to eat. I carved the turkey, and we enjoyed our meal and talked. After dinner, we had some pies that my wife baked.
Greta's mom decided to get rid of her binky. Greta was really sad and cried for a long time. Every night at bedtime she would cry and cry. She would wake up several times in the night. She even climbed out of her crib looking for her binky.
As a little girl, Julia loved to help her dad cook. Her dad taught her how to saute and how to mix flavors. When she got older, Julia decided to be a chef, just like her father. Julia graduated from Culinary School and opened her own restaurant. Every time her father came in to eat, He glowed with pride for Julia.
The waiter took our order at the restaurant. She walked into the kitchen to meet several chefs. While they tried to cook the dish, the kitchen caught on fire. Our orders ended up burnt. However, a replacement dish was prepared for us, free of charge.
Kathie was getting upset because her cat got stuck in a tree. She raced frantically to call the fire department to help her. As soon as the fire department got there, they got the cat down. To her relief, the cat was just fine. Kathie walked away and would never let that happen again.
I was driving on the highway. My tire became flat. I pulled over. I called for roadside emergency assistance. A repairman showed up and repaired my tire!
Lorry and Manny were happily married for 10 years with 3 kids. Unfortunately,one year they lost their youngest son to a car accident. The loss was very hard for Lorry and Manny couldn't comfort her. As the years went by they continued to grow apart. After 7 years of the loss of their son,Lorry and Manny got a divorce.
The kids were walking along the beach. They saw a lighthouse in the distance. It was tall and beautiful. They walked until they reached it. They climbed up the steps to get a better view.
Rhonda's mom used to leave her at home and go out of town. Rhonda was way too little to stay at home alone but no one knew. When Rhonda grew up she never let her kids out of her sight. She had spent too many nights alone and scared. Rhonda's kids thought she was the most awful mother around.
Tim was alone at home. He was bored. He decided to start drinking early. Tim was drunk by the afternoon. He regretted that decision.
Sidney couldn't sleep. She had watched a scary movie that night. Sidney decided to read a book instead. She read for a couple hours. Sidney finally fell asleep sleeping.
Ted is eating his favorite candy. Ted notices pain in his tooth. He stops eating the candy and checks his tooth. Ted notices he has a cavity. Ted visits the dentist to get it took care of.
Henry was hungry. He wanted some cereal. First he had to do all of his school work. Finally, he went to have some cereal. Unfortunately, he discovered that his cereal had gone stale.
Amy loved The Babysitters Club books when in elementary school. When she was 17 they made a movie. A friend suggested she see it. Amy felt she was way too adult to see that movie. At the theater she decided to see a Pg13 movie instead.
Ron found out his fiance was cheating. It scarred him and he was wary of new relationships. He got serious with Jane, but soon found himself worrying a lot. He constantly started fights accusing her of cheating. She convinced him to go to couples' therapy and now they are happy.
The lawn needed mowed. Candy asked her son to mow the lawn. He whined that he was too busy. Candy grounded her son for one week. Her son learned to obey his mom when she asks him to do chores.
Toby didn't like bugs but needed a lot of money fast. His friend, to help him, found him a job as an exterminator. Toby tried his best to spray houses and apartments all day. But when he went home and smelled like poison, he quit the job. He found another elsewhere where no bug or poison was involved.
Marie had accumulated two weeks of vacation time at work. She told her boss she wanted to take her vacation in July. Her boss agreed and gave her two weeks off in the middle of July. Marie thought about her options and decided to go to the beach. She booked a hotel room with an ocean view and had a blast.
Tim's house caught on fire. He woke up in the middle of it. He was able to run out. Some of his family wasn't able to. Tim wasn't allowed to go back in to help.
One day I was sad so I decided to walk my dog. It was a beautiful day and we were having a great time walking. Suddenly I watched as a car ran over a squirrel. It was an upsetting thing to witness. I went back to being sad the rest of the day.
Willy had butterflies in his stomach. The day of the big game had arrived and he was nervous. They jogged out onto the field and the other team was already there. This was going to be a big day. Willy played great and was the mvp.
Julian was playing a crane game while his friend's watched. They had bet he couldn't win a toy. Julian was on his second out of three tries and hadn't won a toy. He decided to try a new tactic. Luckily, it worked and he won.
Thomas was playing a game of baseball. He is up to bat and ready to help his team win. Thomas readies himself for the ball. The pitch comes in to Thomas fast. It hits Thomas right in the eye.
Lance was bored after school. He thought he should try something new. He decided to try out for the baseball team. He went out there and give it his all. The coach told him he had made the team!
Brock was out on the boat fishing. Brock got a big bite on his fishing line. Brock started reeling the fish in. He could see the huge fish under the water. Brock couldn't reel it in when the fish bit through the line.
Gary was shopping at a Halloween store. He found a terrifying mask. He bought it and put it on when he pulled into his driveway. He approached the house and tapped on the window. His mother screamed and fainted when she saw him!
The Chinese eat fermented eggs, called 100 year old. The egg white turns gray and the white is black. The egg tastes very sulphurous. I had two 100 year old eggs once at my brother's. I got sick afterward.
Mika has big thighs and a big butt. She walked into the Saturday morning meeting wearing a long T-shirt. But the T-shirt stopped at thighs, covering her tight shorts. Her manager stopped talking and then said, girl what are you wearing? Mika was embarrassed plus her manager made her go home and change.
Becca was tired of her office job. She wanted to quit so badly. She concocted a plan to work from home making crafts. She took the risk and was successful! Becca has not been happier with her life and new job.
Tom was too lazy to cook dinner. He was too cheap to eat out. He got a cheap frozen tv dinner to heat up. It tasted disgusting. Tom never bought one of those again.
Cara owned a small farm. She mostly grew potatoes. Once they were ready, she started to harvest them. It was hard work, but it would be worth it. She couldn't wait to taste the delicious potatoes.
I was at a bar with my girlfriend. Some guy grabbed my girlfriend's butt. I got very mad and punched the guy. The guy fell to the ground. My girlfriend was mad because we both got kicked out of the bar.
Tia made pork steaks for dinner. She knew her husband liked his steak rare, so she made it rare. But later that night, her husband got very sick! Tia didn't know that pork must be fully cooked before consumption. She had accidentally made her husband sick!
Kim was playing poker with her friends at her house tonight. They gambled for pocket change but took it pretty competitively. Kim was up against her best friend Sue as the last two standing. Kim went all in and won the game on a pair of twos. Kim bought pizza for all her friends with the money that she won.
Tim has a biology test tomorrow. He also has an English test. He decided to skip studying for English. He failed his English test. However, he passed his biology test.
Tom's bike was stolen recently. He filed a police report but they didn't give him much hope. One day he found it at a pawn shop. It had special markings he made on the frame. Tom was able to prove it was his and get it back.
Jane was playing video games. All of a sudden her screen froze. Her system had crashed. She couldn't get it to work again. Eventually Jane had to buy a new video game system.
I laid down beside my dog. We curled up together to sleep. We were both afraid of the storm. We cuddled until it was over. We slept together all night.
I like to have crepes for breakfast. They're not healthy, but they're delicious. My favorite type to make is banana crepes. I smother them in butter and syrup. My friends tell me this will lead to heart trouble down the line.
Tommy's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft. Tommy's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer. Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house. Because Tommy's lemonade was delicious, his stand was a huge success. Within a week, he had earned enough money to buy a better computer.
They were scared out of their minds. Up on the platform they had no idea why the signed up for this. The instructor began his countdown. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, JUMP! They were free-falling, scared but happy.
Jenny received a dozen roses at her desk. The attached note merely said they were from an admirer. She suspiciously looked her coworkers over for a clue. When she got home, her husband gave her an ear to ear grin. He told her he sent them only because he'd been thinking about her.
Dan loves smoothies. He buys one from the shop every day. The shop did not have his favorite flavor today. This made him very sad. He bought another flavor instead.
Rufus is very proud that his son is getting married. He would like to find a way to make the wedding special. Rufus decides to sing an old folk song at the wedding. Everyone at the wedding loves how Rufus sings. Rufus is truly happy that he got to sing at his son's wedding.
Cathy wanted to be a Zebra for Halloween. Her mom took her to a local costume shop to get the costume. The shop didn't have a Zebra outfit, and Cathy was disappointed. Her mom looked up other shops and drove to one. This one had a suit that her mom purchased, and they went home.
I was working on my computer in my office one day. All of a sudden a large bug began to crawl across my floor. The bug scared me, so I jumped from my chair and got a shoe. I ran over to the bug and squished it right where it was. After squishing the bug, I then went back to work.
Jillian was a little girl who was afraid of roller coasters. One day Jillian's family went to a local amusement park. Jillian and her family walked through the amusement park. Jillian her family spotted a roller coaster and decided to ride it. It was the scariest roller coaster Jillian had ever been on.
Fred was never one for the gym. He was always worried about what he would look like going in there. One day he decided to go for it. It was a great life change for Fred. He started looking better and feeling better, all thanks to the gym.
Ed was supposed to bring ice to the family picnic. As he pulled in, he realized he had forgotten it! He backed out hurriedly. He went to the convenience store and bought a few big bags. Then he returned, bearing the ice!
Kim loved cheese and decided to try a new kind. She looked over all the cheese for sale at Whole Foods. The employee suggested a gouda cheese for her to try. When she decided to try a piece and loved the smoky flavor. Kim bought 2 chunks of the gouda.
Tommy was scared of skating. He did not want to fall. Billy said to just lean forward and use both legs. Tommy tried it, and was good at skating. He always loved skating after that.
Our only market in town is very, very small. But sometimes I just go there just to watch to the people. I met a couple there yesterday who were from the Netherlands We spoke for a moment and then they bought some sodas and bread. Then they left with the stuff they bought and went on their way.
Melinda was performing. She threw her baton high into the air. She caught it easily. She spun it and did lots of tricks. Her baton act was a great addition to halftime.
Kelley went to visit her relatives. When she got there there was a surprise. They gave her a handbag. Kelley was pretty impressed. She expressed her gratitude.
Mike was working at a pizza place. He delivered the pizzas. One night Mike had an order in a rough neighborhood. He was threatened. Mike quit his job at the pizza place.
I came home from work one day. I went to the kitchen to find something to eat. I pulled out some chicken and vegetables. I cooked rice and the food in a pan. I made a delicious stir fry and ate it.
When we went to the safari, we looked at the buffalo. I rowed down the window on my son's side. He held out a bucket to feed one. The buffalo stuck its' big head in the window. My son was a little apprehensive.
Tom wanted to be healthier. He also loved delicious foods. He decided to eat more fruit. He went to the store. He bought a lot of oranges.
Jill was meeting her friends at a restaurant. She hadn't seen them in years. The women were seated at a table. They ate and drank for hours. The women decided to continue the party at a local bar.
Chad was responsible for organizing the school fete. Chad wanted the fete to have face painting and games. In addition, Chad wanted to sell various foods at the fete. Chad also wanted to have a live concert at the fete as well. Chad could not wait for the children to enjoy the school fete.
My wife had a retirement party last Saturday. Her sisters came to the party. Her younger sister wore an odd looking shirt. My wife said it looked shapeless. She cropped a family photo to lessen the look of the shirt.
I dropped my son off with grandma so I could go to a party. I got to the party and my friend came to the door to let me in. I went inside and saw a boy from behind I thought was my son. Startled, I asked how he got there. He turned around and I saw it was not my son, only a look-alike.
Janet was concerned about her upcoming prom. Her prom was on Friday. She came to school Wednesday concerned about not having a date. Fortunately Ben also did not have a date. So Ben asked Janet to prom and both of their problems were solved.
Randy was at an Indian restaurant. But he wasn't sure what to order. He remembered that saag paneer was a popular dish. So he ordered that with naan. Randy had never eaten anything so good before.
The man searched for his keys. He could not find them. He cleaned the whole house. The keys did not turn up. He found the keys in the lock of the front door.
It was a windy day in the city. My father and I thought it would be perfect to fly a kite. We drove out to the nearest park and got ready. The winds quickly picked up and got stronger and took the kite away. I never saw the kite or my father again.
Our building had a summer party today. A caterer served ribs, chicken, and burgers outdoors. The manager had cookies in the clubroom indoors. My wife took some back to our apartment. A neighbor saw her and tried to get cookies but the supply ran out,
I visited our building library exchange last month. Tenants drop off and pick up books or cds. I dropped off my books and browsed. I found a set of Pink Floyd cds. I sold them on eBay for $30.
Harry was running in the park. His phone fell out of his pocket. It dropped to the concrete with a thud. The screen was shattered on impact. He then went to a shop to have it repaired.
During January, the temperature rose to 70 degrees. Flowers started blooming again. The air had to be turned on. Residents wondered what was going on. Spring was coming early.
As the family was eating dinner one winter day, the lights went out. It was so dark no one could see. The dad fumbled in the dark and found a lantern and matches. The lantern filled the kitchen with a warm glow. Pretending they lived long ago was fun as they ate dinner.
Maggie decided to make a chocolate cake. She drove to the market to get the ingredients. She saw a friend while at the market. She invited this friend over to have a piece of the cake. The friend accepted, and showed up at Maggie's house later.
Jenny looked forward to her weekly library trips with her mother. This week, Jenny was planning to get a Nancy Drew book! When they got to the library, Jenny ran inside to search the shelves. To her dismay, the book had been checked out! Although she was disappointed, she found another book to read.
I wanted a new kitten. My husband told me no because we didn't have money. I was very upset because I love cats. On my birthday, he surprised me with a kitten of my own! I was overwhelmed with joy.
Lola cried for months when her mom died. She was inconsolable whatever was tried to calm her down. So when her dad died too, she broke down completely. Her aunt and uncle had to take her in. And Lola cried for a whole year before she could smile again.
Hayden was 50 pounds overweight. He decided one day to go on a diet. On the first day of his diet, he went walking for 3 hours. He was extremely tired when he was done walking. But, he knew this was the start of a healthy lifestyle.
We moved to the South End of Boston in 1968. The neighborhood was old and a bit decrepit. The Premier Deli was an old Jewish deli nearby. It served great big sandwiches and comfort food dishes. Sadly it went out of business in 1985.
Amy had a neighbor, Hazel, who was extremely garrulous. If Hazel saw Amy checking her mailbox, she would go out to greet her. Then she would hold Amy hostage to her endless barrage of words. Amy, a good person, felt forced to resort to a devious technique. The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf!
My Daddy married a woman named Bonnie after my mama left him. She turned into a complete Pentecostal religious nut. Bonnie said that pants and shorts were sinful to wear. She made me wear long dresses to school, as well as carry a Bible. The other kids laughed, pointing fingers and whispering about me.
Tom broke his rib in a basketball game next week. The doctors said he'll be out for 8 weeks. He can't even sit still for two minutes. He decided to join the table tennis club. He finally found another sense of family!
I spent the night at my wife's aunt's house. Her guest room is full of dolls. Their faces are scary and weird. They stare at you as you sleep. I decided to go to sleep in the living room instead.
Sue cannot eat ice cream. She is lactose intolerant. One day she decided she would try to eat it. Sue got very sick. She vowed to never eat ice cream again.
Timmy made a paper boat with his dad. As Timmy put it into creek, he went to the bridge to watch it pass. just as the boat was about to pass by, a frog jumped on it. The paper boat sank into the water as the frog swam away. Timmy was very sad.
Toby wanted a candy bar that cost one dollar. He only had fifty cents in his pocket. Toby's friend Dale also had fifty cents. Dale gave Toby the money to buy the candy bar. Toby and Dale split the candy bar and ate it together.
Harry wanted to bake cookies at home. His wife wouldn't let him because of the mess. He promised to clean up if she would change her mind. She gave him one chance and he excitedly began baking. When he was done it was still messy but she knew he had tried.
Tom needed extra money. He decided to bet on some horse races. He didn't know much about them. He mostly picked based on internet and names. Tom had beginner's luck and won money.
I ate six pieces of gum at once. I chewed the gum for a whole day. The gum broke my jaw. I went to the doctor. The doctor was able to fix my jaw with surgery.
Jason had always wanted to visit Mexico. At first he was afraid to go there. Eventually Jason decided he needed to try new things. He boarded the plane to Mexico. Once in Mexico, Jason was very happy.
Mary decided to bake a cake. Everything went well so far. She put a dough into the baking pan. She opened the oven. She accidentally dropped the whole pan on the floor.
Oliver had a favorite toy. The toy made sound. One day, the batteries died. He brought it to his mom. She opened the door and replaced the batteries.
Today my wife was off from work. When she works our cat stays in the bedroom. The stays there until my wife comes home at 5 PM. Today, the cat stayed in the living room with my wife all day. I told my wife the cat is hers, not mine.
Maria made a beautiful quilt. The cat knocked over a mug of coffee. The coffee stained the quilt. Maria tried with all her might to remove the stain but it stayed. Maria turned the quilt into a cat bed since it was ruined.
Fred issn artist and specializes in painting. He got a degree in graphic design but doesn't like to use computers. He just thought that he should be able to do computer art to be safe. He doesn't need his degree though because is art is very popular. He sells two paintings a week for thousands of dollars each.
Anna had a flat tire. She tried calling for help, but her cell phone was dead! She could not find a pay phone anywhere. Luckily, a passerby lent her his cell phone to call for help. Soon a tow service came to help repair Anna's tire.
Tiffany wanted to lose her baby weight. She was ready to become active again. Tiffany decided to try weight lifting. She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights. Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again.
I have been looking for a new job. My friend told me about a job fair. I decided to go check it out. They had a lot of employers there. I filled out a lot of applications.
Phillipa baked a cake. She put on chocolate icing. She gave it to her sister for her birthday. Her sister threw it at the wall. Philip knew her sister was allergic to chocolate.
Sam grew up poor. One day his dad bought him a new toy. It wasn't anything that fancy or fun. Sam was very excited either way. He played with that toy for years.
Gina used to hang out with some losers. They gave Gina cigarettes and booze. Gina's parents found out and devised a plan. They called the losers' parents and exposed them. And saved Gina from going down a bad path.
The bus came to my stop. Several kids were walking inside. Since I woke up late to dress for school, I wasn't near the stop. The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop. My parents took me to school since I missed the bus.
Edgar was donating blood at the blood bank. He was very nervous because he did not like needles. However, he wanted to impress a girl. When the nurse showed him the needle, he passed out. Edgar was very embarrassed and did not go back.
Nadine was going to a cabin with her boyfriend. When they arrived, it was very cold inside. They turned on the heaters but that wasn't helping much. Instead, they decided to light a fire. Soon, the whole cabin was toasty warm.
Peter felt trapped after Years of working in an office. He felt that his cubicle was almost like a prison. One day he decided to quit his job. A month later, Peter ran out of all of his saved money. He wished he had his old job back.
We went to visit our daughter and her in laws last week. Her mother in law Harriet had us over for dinner. Harriet opened a bottle of wine and found the cork had dried up. She could not serve the wine, and my wife was disappointed. Harriet had enough of an old bottle to give my wife a glass, however.
Gina got out of the shower and went to the mirror. In the full length mirror she could see part of her back. There was a scar on her upper hip towards her back. She'd gotten the scar when she was 14. 15 Year's later the scar was still visible.
Joe needed more papers for his printer. So Joe drove to the store to get more papers. Joe found lots of paper for a good deal. Joe took the paper home. Joe put the paper in the printer.
Cal slipped his socked feet into his shoes. He felt a rather sharp pain suddenly. He took off the shoes and a spider crawled out from one! Worst it was a Black Widow! Cal drove to the hospital in his socks to get treated for the bite.
The guys all went on a trip. One of them brought a case of four loko. It was an alcoholic drink that had caffeine. Needless to say they didn't get much sleep during the trip. Afterwards they found out the drink was being pulled from stores.
Alicia was down to her last dollar. Getting laid off had been very hard. The bills were piling up and Alicia was afraid. She decided to take a risk and spend the last of her money. Two days later, Alicia held the winning ticket to a million dollars.
Bill like to play basketball. He played it whenever he could. He was was playing with friend one day when he jumped up for a dunk. But he landed on the side of his foot. He could play for months because of his broken ankle.
Lucy burned her arm on the oven. She tried not to cry, but the burn hurt a lot. Her grandma sprayed a burn spray on the burn. Lucy put a band-aid on the burn and went to watch TV. After 10 minutes the burn no longer hurt.
Cody was standing outside one day eating a snow cone. All of the sudden, a wasp landed on her. She didn't know what to do! Luckily Cody had a friend with her who swatted the wasp off. She was so thankful for her friend that day!
Eddie was camping with his Boy Scout Troop. It was his first camp out. They hiked into the woods. They found the perfect spot and pitched their tents. After dinner over a campfire they went to sleep in their tents.
Tom hadn't spoken to an old friend in years. He was browsing Facebook one day. His old friend came up as a suggestion. Tom decided to add her. They started talking and being friends again.
Joe found out on the news about a heat wave coming during the weekend. Joe wanted to get an air conditioner for his house. So Joe went to the store and bought one. He got it installed. Joe was cool during the heat wave.
Sarah was doing her laundry late at night. But when she had to transfer her clothes to her dry. She had already fallen asleep. In the morning, Sarah looked for clothes to wear. But she remembered she left them in the washing machine.
Gus went to check into a hotel he'd reserved. The hotel owner asked him to pay for his room in full. The amount was twenty dollars more than what Gus was quoted. He asked why the price was different from when he reserved it. The owner informed him the taxes they had to collect had increased.
Brandon caught the flu before the championship game. His coach told him to sit out of the game. Brandon decided to play the game last minute. He struggled throughout the game but managed to play well in the 4th. The team was crowned champions and Brandon was the MVP.
After the match was called, the soccer team went to the locker room. They looked defeated, but the coach seemed happy. He congratulated them on playing their best in a tough game. In order to lighten the mood, he took the team out for tacos. The food seemed to brighten up their moods and raise morale.
3 year old Jacob's family was on vacation at the beach. There was a thunderstorm keeping them inside the condo for the day. They discussed how they should spend their time with no consensus. Suddenly, slow, steady steps were heard from the stairs behind them. Jacob, grinning, pointed at them with his favorite movie, Iron Giant.
Joe was making breakfast. He was cooking scrambled eggs over the stove. When they were done he assembled them on a plate. He bit into the eggs. He spit them out because he forgot to put salt and pepper on them.
James was playing basketball outside. He was bouncing his basketball on the driveway. All of a sudden, his basketball popped. He had accidentally bounced his basketball on a nail in the ground. Afterwards, James went to the store to buy a new basketball.
Callie bought an old Polaroid camera. She took it to a family picnic. Then she snapped a few fun photos. But the camera did not work! Callie was so disappointed!
My friend's mother was disinherited. She was a Pole who married an Italian. Her father was very well to do. Later in life, he reconciled with his daughter. When he died, he left her $1,000,000.
Abby's sister had recently gone into labor. Abby was excited, yet nervous to be in the delivery room with her. As time came to push, Abby got to see the beauty of birth. Abby began crying at the great miracle that she witnessed. Abby was glad to be there to see her nephew's Birthday.
A man celebrated his 50th birthday. He felt a little bit old. His kids called him old. It actually kind of hurt him. He decided to accept that fact.
Tom was shopping at a goodwill. He found a cool old coat for cheap. It was surprisingly warm. Tom wore it out often. He got several compliments on it.
Jen lived near the road. It was a nice, quiet road until a certain day. At six in the morning, construction crews started up a jackhammer. Her alarm was set for seven in the morning, but it was not to be! She got up at six, cranky and groggy.
Tara wanted her dog to be warm in the winter. He dog always shivered. She found a warm dog outfit. She dressed him in it. Her dog doesn't shiver anymore.
Anna went to the park last week. She hadn't been in a long time and was excited to see everyone. When she got there, the park was empty. While wandering around alone, Anna found a beautiful new statue! She was so excited for the new art, she didn't mind being alone at all.
Sam was having chills. She was wrapped up in a furry blanket. It warmed her up. She started feeling a little better. She got the strength to get out of bed.
Alex drove to the store to buy a beer. He opened the beer while driving. A cop pulled him over immediately. Alex spit out the beer in the cop's face. He then drove off and the cop gave chase.
Dave had been feeling pain in his knee for weeks. He avoided the doctor because he was afraid of the diagnosis. His knee was hurting so bad he had no choice but to see a doctor. The x-rays showed Dave had torn his meniscus. Dave would need surgery for his knee to heal properly.
Dominick got out of bed after a long night sleep. He thought he wasn't tired anymore. He curled up on the couch after getting his tummy full. His dog jumped up on the couch with him. They both fell fast asleep.
Dan's town recently had a horrible storm. After the storm, Dan assessed his house for damage. Dan was shocked when he saw what happened to his garage. The entire door of Dan's garage had been torn off. Dan was angry that he had to replace his garage door.
Justins dog need a bath. He had rolled in mud puddles after the rain and was a mess. It would be a big challenge to clean him because he hates baths. With a little determination Justin managed to get the job done. An hour later the cycle continued.
Jim liked to watch sports, but never played. He mostly wished he was better at basketball. Jim's friends eventually encouraged him to join the basketball team. After lots of practice, Jim's skills increased. Now Jim is the best player on the team, and he feels accomplished.
Suzie was scared to go outside. She hired a therapist to talk to her about her agoraphobia. The therapist quickly wrote up a plan of action for her fears. She started by walking outside to the mailbox. In a few months, she was no longer afraid to go outside.
Dan was recently telling his daughter of his childhood. Dan told her about his favorite youth show, Lamb chop's play-along. Dan decided to show his daughter a clip of the show on YouTube. As the clip played, Dan sang along with the theme song. However, Dan's daughter did not like the song as it was repetitive.
Jim was sitting in his house one morning. Suddenly, the power went out. He realized he had forgotten to pay his bill. He called the electric company. They charged him a huge fee to restart his service.
Billy noticed a mouse in the pantry. He knew if he told his mom she would put out a trap. He didn't want the mouse to get hurt. That night he set up an elaborate, safe trap. When the mouse was in it the next day, he set it free outside.
One day while cleaning Mary found a snake in her house. She freaked out and ran out of the house. She then decided to grab some tools from her car. She went back inside to try and grab the snake with her tools. She was able to grab it and set it safely outside.
Charles had always wanted to have a college degree. He worked hard for many years to complete his courses. Finally he turned in his last college essay. All of his family attended his college graduation. Charles was proud that he had a college degree.
Andrew needed new tires for his car. But Andrew was broke. But Andrew was smart. So he sold some of his belongings. Andrew made more than enough to get tires.
Colin lived in France. He decided to visit Germany, so he bought a train ticket there. He got on the train and settled in for the ride. Later, the ticket inspector came around to inspect tickets. Colin lost his ticket and had to pay a large fine.
A rabbit hopped into the yard. Some kids saw it and brought it a carrot. It stared at them, but wouldn't come near. They left a bowl full of vegetables for the rabbit to snack on. The next day, they vegetables were all gone!
Alan needed to join in an extracurricular activity at school. He was confused because he believed he had no skills. Then his English teacher pointed out to him his A grade. That was when he realized he did have a skill. He joined the spelling team that same day.
Sam was watching television at home. All of a sudden someone knocked at the door. Sam wasn't expecting company. The person at the door was delivering pizza. Sam told them they had the wrong address and sent them off.
Kim was in the Bahamas with friends. At the casino a guy began talking to her. They guy invited Kim and her friends to a party later. Kim told him she didn't think it would be a good idea. Later her friends were upset she since they wanted to go to a party.
Kim invited all her friends over for a slumber party. The girls ate pizza and watched movies all night. They stayed up talking and gossiping. The girls didn't go to sleep all night. The girls were very tired when their parents picked them up.
The man sanded the paint off of her chair. He stained the newly sanded chair. He put a bow on the chair. He gave the chair as a gift. The recipient thought it was a new chair.
Linda had many daughters. She loved spending time with the crazy girls. She took them all shopping one day. They bought a lot of clothes and laughed a lot. Linda loved making memories with her girls!
Mari was worried about leaving her new puppy home alone. She made a barricaded spot for him downstairs. After spending a long day at work, she was happy to get home. Horrified, Mari saw that there was no puppy to be found. She found the sleeping puppy in a laundry basket hidden under clothes.
My college friend and I went to lunch one day. We went to a Japanese restaurant. She saw some tea and poured it into the rice. She thought it was a sauce. We ordered another dish.
Tom was driving home from work. He was stuck in traffic. It was especially bad at that time. Tom used it to listen to music and try to relax. It was too frustrating to work.
Tim was driving home from studying. He was passing a stop light. A car took a red light and plowed into him. Tim was instantly knocked out. He woke up three days later in the hospital.
The man put a plastic cover on his new couch. The cover kept the couch clean. Guests did not sit on the couch. One of the guests complained about the plastic. The man took the plastic cover off his couch.
Blake wanted to try out for the football team. He practiced all summer and lifted weights as well. When fall came he tried out for the team. Blake ended up making the team as a starter. Blake was happy that his hard work paid off.
Elle could not find a single sock in her room. She kept them in a basket by her bed. She looked high and low for them, but no socks. A few days later she picked up the blanket her dog slept on. He had hidden all her socks under it!
Every time Jill's mother comes to visit she criticizes everything. As soon as she walks in the door she criticized Jill's housekeeping. Then she criticizes Jill' cooking, and anything else she can think of. The next morning when her mother comes downstairs Jill is gone. There is a note on the table telling her mother to find a hotel.
Jamie had been writing all day. She was writing an important paper for history class. She turned it in and felt anxious. She couldn't wait to see her grade. She knew she had done a bad job on it.
Madison's mom bought a special dessert for her at the store to make. Madison was very excited to put this dessert together. She carefully placed whipped cream and strawberries on top of cake. Little sister went by and accidentally knocked it to the floor. Madison remembered it was just an accident and started laughing.
Sarah got a new car for her birthday. She was so excited to see the red car in the driveway. She got into her car and took it for a ride. She had never driven a car that was so smooth before. Sarah was so excited to have her new car.
Brittany was home alone late one night, watching a movie. Suddenly she heard a knock on the door, and saw the doorknob move. Brittany was scared and ran upstairs, locking herself in her room. She heard the intruder walk around her house and called the police. The police arrived and found the intruder had stolen the television.
Bill bought new overalls. He wore them to school. Sam pushed him in the mud. Bill cried because his overalls were ruined. However, his mother washed them and they came out very clean.
Kate wanted mashed potatoes for dinner. They sold them at the luxury grocery store near her home. She pulled into a park and got out of her car. She was so hungry she wanted to run to the store. It took all her concentration to walk instead of run.
The spider crawled up the wall. The woman screamed when she saw it. SHe asked her husband to smash it. He tried, but the spider jumped at him. The man cried and ran away.
We were visiting our daughter in NYC last month. She offered us a cup of coffee. We waited for the coffee for ten minutes. She said she grinds the beans, boils the water, and steeps the coffee. I said I just push the button on a Keurig.
Ricky wanted to take the GED test. He thought he was pretty smart. But then he tried a practice GED and he failed it. Ricky was very surprised. He realized he had a lot of studying to do!
Mitch went to the art gallery to look at a friend's artwork. When he arrived he noticed the friend wasn't there. He waited for three hours and his friend never showed up. Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened. Mitch's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed.
Sara loved drinking coffee. She bought a new mug that was really pretty. The first time she used it, she dropped it! Hot coffee splattered everywhere and the mug broke. Sara was so upset!
Tom had terrible writing. His cursive, however, was exquisite. Tom decided to only write in cursive. Tom wrote beautifully from then on. Many people complimented him on his cursive.
Everyone was always laughing at what Gabe said. At first he was offended, or felt excluded and hurt. But as he got older, he saw his advantage. He went to amateur comedy nights and the crowd loved him! Gabe knew his true calling was to be a comedian!
Kathy was talking on the phone when she slipped on a patch of ice. Her phone flew out of her hand. It fell in, what seemed like, slow motion. She tried her very best to catch it. However, they both ended up on the ground with a few bumps.
The telephone rang in the living room. Larry answered the phone and began speaking. Larry was talking to his father. Larry's father needed help fixing his car. Larry hung up the phone to go and help.
Suzy is seeing a movie. She is getting popcorn for herself. She pays for the popcorn and heads back to her seat. As she is walking someone pushes her down. Suzy gets up and pushes back and gets into a fight at the movies.
My FB friend posted a sad message. She said she had lost her phone and was praying to Saint Anthony. She asked her FB friends to do the same. Luckily, she found her phone. She thanked the Saint on FB.
The homeless man found a dollar on the ground. He bought a lottery ticket with the money. He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers. He won $30,000! He saved his money towards an apartment.
George received a brand new cellphone at his birthday party. He also received a fancy cell phone case from another friend. George thought he was careful and didn't need a phone case. He bragged at his party about how cases were a waste of money. As he was speaking, he dropped the phone and shattered the screen.
Mary was born blind in one eye. At age 14, doctors said could give her blind eye sight. They had a matching tissue donation for Mary's eye. The operation, understandably, terrified her. But waking to depth perception was the best feeling of her life!
Eve didn't like Ruth. Every day she picked on Ruth. Eve tripped Ruth as she walked through the classroom one day. The teacher saw Eve and sent her to the office. Eve got detention for two days.
Ian was trying to walk through a thunderstorm. His umbrella was protecting him from the rain shower. However, the winds folded the umbrella and ended up breaking it. Not only did Ian fall, but he landed in a puddle. All of his clothing was soaked.
Rachel wanted to get into better shape. She decided to try boxing because it looked like fun. She practiced hitting the punching bag and decided to try sparring. The first time she sparred with a friend, she broke her nose. She took a break from boxing after that.
Sara was upset that her family could not eat at her small table. She searched stores but could not find one she could afford. Sarah then went to the hardware store and purchased supplies. Upon returning home she turned the supplies into her dream table. Sara was proud when her family gathered around her table.
One evening while out at the bar. Rodney has a few drinks and some nuts with his friends. When Rodney was getting up to leave some man calls him names. Rodney asks the man what his problem was. The man told him Rodney was the problem and they began to fight.
I went to a barbecue restaurant with my friends. The waitress asked us our names. We told them incorrect names. It was confusing. We used each other's names.
Fernando noticed his boots were getting old. He decided to buy a new pair. Fernando found a great pair of new boots. He loved them. Fernando was happy he no longer had old boots.
My son in law's aunt, Sally was recently evicted. She had not paid her rent in a year. Sally and her adult son moved in with her mother. Sally's sister, who owns the apartment, was not pleased. She asked Sally to move out by the end of the month.
Justin's cell phone was stolen. He had a tracking app on it. Justin checked to see where it was on a laptop. He was able to pinpoint it to his own house. Justin had merely lost his phone and felt silly.
A couple hid Easter Eggs around the house for their kids to find. They came up with some very clever hiding spots. On Easter morning, their kids had fun trying to find them all. Unknown to anyone, the kids missed one hidden behind a radiator. When winter came and the heat came on, the stench was terrible.
I had a chipped tooth, so went to the dentist. He examined it and pulled the chip out. Now I have to get a root canal. I called every Dentist in town. Finally, I contact the University, and they will do the work.
Susie went to order some pizza. She was excited to try it. She thought it would be good. Unfortunately it was not. It was highly over cooked.
Every year my mother and I go Black Friday shopping. This year I dread cooking all day and shopping all night. I started flipping through ads this morning online. I found out some stores offer deals online! I'm happy we can just hang out with our family and shop online.
Kelly was scheduled to be ordained as a priest the night before. He was absent and some believed he had second thoughts about it. He was indeed having second thoughts and decided to party instead. He lived his life sinful without a care in the world. A total opposite transformation to what Kelly was suppose to be.
Jane cut her own hair yesterday. I was so upset at her. She took the scissors right to her bangs. She made such a mess of it. I have no idea how we are going to fix it.
Colleen signed up for surfing lessons. There were a lot of people at her first lesson. She recognized her neighbor just a few feet away from her. Colleen and her neighbor became close. They often surfed the waves together at the beach.
Molly was a little girl who thought wearing glasses was cool. She begged her parents to let her wear glasses. Finally, they took her to the eye doctor to test out her vision. It turned out that Molly actually did need glasses. She picked out the craziest pair, wearing them with pride.
John is the VP of a football team. He brought in the best players. He brought in the best coaches. The team wins many championship. John built a winner.
Sara worked at a jewelry store. She got a commission on every sale she made. One day a gentleman came in to buy his wife a nice ring. The man purchased an expensive anniversary ring from Sara. She made a lot of commission off the sale.
Kelly was a very outgoing person. She then moved to a new area. She was very unfamiliar with this area and this made her nervous. She tried really hard to make new friends. Eventually, she met a new group of people and moved on with her life.
Today I woke up to an email. It said I would receive a package. I waited and waited all day. Finally 7 pm arrived and I went to the mailbox. There was no mail there, I waited for nothing.
Oliver and Graham were in the car with their parents. They were going to watch a movie. Both boys wanted to watch different movies. Soon, they started to argue with each other. Finally, their parents picked a movie for them.
Carlie bought sparklers from a fireworks tent on the Fourth of July. She waited until it was dark outside. Carlie went outside in her driveway. She lit a sparkler. Carlie twirled around making designs with the sparkler.
I told Mark I would take him to feed the ducks. He put on his shoes and grabbed his jacket. We walked to the park with some bread for the ducks. Mark thought it was weird that ducks eat bread. Mark has been telling everyone how much ducks love bread.
Bill decided to enter a woodworking contest at his school. He decided he would sculpt up a piece of wood to look like his school. It took him 6 long months but he finally finished it. He ended up blowing the competition out of the water. He won first place and received a tuition as a reward.
Herbert always kept quite at the meetings. In the meeting on Friday Herbert spoke up. His boss commended Herbert on the input. Herbert became more involved in meetings. His boss gave him more responsibility as a result.
Allie was getting engaged. She told all her friends. They were not happy for her. Allie was so disappointed. She then realized maybe they were not true friends.
Tom's new neighbors were extremely annoying. They were loud and never cleaned up. Tom eventually called the landlords to complain. It seems others complained as well. The neighbors were kicked out within a couple of months.
Heather and Megan were working the garden. I came up to help them. They had me pulling weeds. All of a sudden a spider jumped on me and I screamed. The two women just watched me and laugh.
Tim wanted to buy a car. He found one he liked. He tried to get credit for it. Unfortunately his history wasn't that good. Tim wasn't able to get the car.
Ben created an app for cell phones. The app tells you where the closest gas station is at all times. Ben made the app free to the general public. A company offered to buy Ben's app from him. Ben sold his app and made lots of money.
Robert had a very big red couch. He sat in it almost every day. One day, the couch broke one of its leg. Robert had to rush to the store. Finally, Robert was able to sit on his couch.
Dan decided he would watch cartoons with his toddler today. Dan's daughter decided to watch her favorite show Peppa Pig. Dan could not believe that there was a cartoon about pigs. However, Dan quickly realized just how funny the cartoon was. Dan decided he would watch Peppa Pig with his daughter more often.
Pablo had several health issues. He learned he had a bad infection in his leg. Pablo had to have his leg amputated. He was given a prosthetic but he was nervous about using it. Pablo worked with a physical therapist and learned to walk again.
Lisa tried online dating. She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger. Her friend recommended a dating site designed for people over forty. Lisa signed up and after one week she was impressed. She met a man who was a professional photographer.
Luke was playing hockey at school. The game was tied and almost over. Then Luke made the winning shot! Everybody cheered! Luke was so proud of himself!
Sue loved eating meatloaf. She called a local restaurant to see if they had meatloaf. It was her lucky day, they did have meatloaf. Sue couldn't wait to get home and eat the meatloaf. The meatloaf was terrible, she threw it away.
Julie was scared to walk to school but she went anyway. As she rounded a corner she saw Kim. She'd fallen off her bike and was crying. Julie helped her up. She knew she wouldn't be afraid of Kim anymore.
Tim always wanted a new car. He grew up poor. Since he got his first job he started saving money away. It took him ten Years to finally have enough for a car. He still drives it to this day.
Jane was out with friends. Her pantyhose got caught in a nail. They got a big tear down the front. Jane decided to take them off. Nobody noticed the difference.
I went over to a friends house to visit. She was babysitting her 5 year old niece. While running she fell and laughed. She started yelling "I can't reach my Whiskey" I didn't know what to say so I just laughed.
The boy opened his locker. His coat was not in there. He went back to his last class. The coat was still on the chair. The wallet was missing.
Tim wanted to sleep. He wasn't able to pass out. He tried a few tricks. Eventually he tried drinking warm milk. It helped a little bit.
Throughout Peter's math class, he had a bad headache. Although it was hard for him to pay attention, he tried to be calm. However, he had to leave 45 minutes before the end of class. His friend decided to look for him. He found peter, throwing up in the bathroom.
Fred was going on a date with Kelly. He was very nervous. Unfortunately it showed. His hands were so clammy that Kelly pulled away. Fred turned bright red and felt badly.
Frank took a trip to Washington DC with his family. Frank got to see all of the attractions during the week. However, the highlight of his trip was when he saw the president. Frank saw him pass by in his limo. Out of all the things he did, this was a memory he would never forget.
Jane was sitting on a bench at the park. A bird came by. It was wandering around. Jane decided to throw a piece of her sandwich on the ground. The bird ate it.
Gina was out of town at her uncle's house. She was beyond bored. She texted all of her friends. They weren't replying quick enough. Gina sat glassy eyed wanting, and waiting to leave.
Tyler went to the school nurse, complaining that he was itchy. The school nurse diagnosed him with hives. That night, Tyler's parents reviewed all the food he had eaten. Tyler told them he ate a peanut butter cracker. They gave him some Benadryl, and told him not to eat peanut butter.
My girlfriend was going out of town for the weekend. As soon as she left I called my ex-girlfriend and arranged to meet up. We went to one of our old hangouts. Thirty minutes later my girlfriend walked in and spotted us. Now neither one of them want anything to do with me.
Kim set up her flea market table early in the morning. She had to use a flashlight because it was dark. When she was done, other vendors started to come. They all walked by her table and were impressed with her preparation. The sun came out and Kim sat in her chair to wait for customers.
Rex is driving down the road. He hears a tick in his engine. He decides to pull over. He lifts the hood and finds white smoke everywhere. He calls a tow truck for help with his car.
Riley was afraid of spiders. She had to learn to get over it. She was locked in a room with them. Riley eventually became unafraid. Riley faced her fear and won.
Lisa was passionate about politics. she was encouraged by a friend to run for local office. She worked hard on her campaign. Lisa was always honest with her voters. Her honesty paid off with her first run for office being a success.
Mitch went to a basketball game. There was a big crowd at the ticket counter. The worker told Mitch that there were no more tickets. Mitch slammed a $50 bill on the counter and told him to check again. The worker said that he just found a ticket for him.
An old man walked with a cane. He started to fall on the ice. A person looking out for him saved him. The man was so thankful. The man bought the person a drink.
A bad storm started overnight. It blew over a power line. Mike's power went out! But crews came to fix it right away. By the morning, the power was restored.
Ted was driving to a friend's house in a rainstorm. The road was covered with water. A report on the radio talked about dangerous flooding in the area. Ted didn't think the water ahead was too deep and kept driving. Ted's car was carried downstream by rushing waters.
I can play the lane perfect. My creep score is always high. The mid lane always has to back before I do. When the mid game starts, the tables turn. I end up losing the game.
May was walking down the beach. Suddenly a strange object got stuck in her toenail. She bent down and discovered it was a silver coin. She dug around the sand. She found many more silver coins, with no explanation!
Jesse decided to get a tattoo on his finger. When he went to the artist, he would not do a tattoo there. Jesse decided to get black birds tattooed on his chest instead. This was way too much. Jesse now regrets his awful tattoo.
Jackie was eating a burger in a wrapper. She did not see a trash can, so she threw the wrapper on the ground. A cop saw her do this. He told her to pick it up. He wrote her a ticket and now she has to clean a park.
When I was driving down my street one day, I passed a pipe. Inside the pipe was a head, sitting upright. Panicking, I pulled over, out of breath and terrified. I ran out of my car and looked into the pipe, expecting the worst. Turned out it was just a large doll head that looked real.
Paulette took a semester off college. She laid in front of the tv all day watching MTV. Her mother told her to not be lazy and get a job. Paulette got a job being a stripper. Her mother cried regretting she told her to get a job.
It was time for the annual chili cookoff. Bill had been refining his recipe all year. He threw all his ingredients into the pot. The wind began to blow. Bill's pot was blown right off his burner.
Maya wanted to buy a new car. She finally found a car that she really liked. The dealership didn't have it in the color that Maya wanted. They ordered a model in that specific color. Maya returned to buy the car.
Sarah got a new puppy. The puppy barked at people and was unfriendly. Sarah took the dog to a trainer. The trainer worked with the dog for two weeks. Sarah's dog behaved wonderfully.
Calvin was very excited. He'd gotten a new toy for his birthday. He played with it all night. When he went to sleep, he put it in his bed with him! He couldn't wait to wake up and play some more.
A few Year's ago, my kitten acted ill. She wouldn't eat and wasn't playing. The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off. After x-rays, they discovered it was in her intestine. Surgery led to the discovery of 12 feet of floss.
John saw a woman attempting to change a tire on the side of the road. John pulled over, getting out of his car to ask if he could help. The woman asked him if he could change the tire for her. John began to do this when he realized the woman got in his car. She drove away with John's car and wallet and pride.
Susie finished up her speech. At the end of her speech she got a lot of applause. Susie was really happy that people liked it. Many encouraged her to do some more. Susie agreed.
The detective took the suspect from the holding cell. He removed the handcuffs and told things were not looking good. The silence hung in the air very thickly between them. The detective slapped the suspect across the face. He fell over and told the detective he'll never confess.
Cameron is having internet installed in his house today. Unfortunately, the technician got lost and never showed up. Cameron called the internet company because he was very upset. The internet company sent another technician out immediately. Cameron now has internet and he is very happy with it.
I was asked to leave the church where I was a secretary. The pastor no longer wanted me working there. Half the congregation agreed, and the other half disagreed. They felt I didn't go to services there, so I shouldn't work there. Eventually, the church split into two over the ordeal.
Kate was going to visit her family out of town. She thought it would be fun to spend the summer with them. But she grew tired of them rather quickly. She had only intended to stay 2 and a half months. To her horror it ended up being closer to four months.
I was still very unhappy in Memphis. I tried hard to make it work. I didn't know how to be normal. I pretended, but I felt like a kid in a 35 year old body. Every day I thought about running away.
Jenny's parents were building a house. Jenny was at the site with them one day. She was walking when she felt a sharp pain. She realized that she had stepped on a nail. She had to go to the hospital and get stitches.
Emma wanted to make potato soup. She looked in a cookbook to find a recipe. She found a recipe that looked really tasty. She made the soup carefully, following all the instructions. It was so tasty she ate it all.
Alice's dog had three puppies. They were mini versions of her. Alice wanted to keep all three. Her parents decided to sell them. She visits them once a week to keep an eye on their health.
Shout had a friend for four years. They were very close. All the sudden her friend stopped talking to her. Shout was very upset. She didn't know what to do.
I had a dream last night. It was very disturbing. My son climbed a door and rolled over the top. He fell to the ground below. He laid there unable to move.
Jeffrey loved to see pandas eat bamboo. One day, he bought some bamboo. Then, he bought a plane ticket to Japan. Jeffrey was able to feed a panda himself. Now Jeffrey tells everyone that he fed a panda bamboo.
Our 2 year old granddaughter visited us from NYC. We live in Boston. We set up an inflatable bed. She did not like it at all. She ended up sleeping with her parents on the guest bed.
Kennedy loved sea animals. He had a pet turtle when he was a kid. One day, he decided to go to the aquarium. He had a lot of fun and even saw a shark. Now Kennedy goes to the aquarium every day.
Greg always cut off cars when he drove. He would speed in front of others and drive carelessly. One day Greg cut off what he thought was a regular driver. The driver turned out to be an undercover cop. Greg received a ticket from the undercover cop and had to go to court.
Ross was really into adventure games. His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam. Ross played with his friend online for hours. Ross eventually became really good at the game. He was good enough to become a professional gamer.
Tamra decided she wanted to go to Costa Rica. She took  a bunch of her friends to join her. When they got there they immediately went on a zip line. Unfortunately Tamra hurt her arm on the zip line. She then as a result stopped her trip.
The kids were inside grounded. They wanted to play outside. The cleaned the whole house from top to bottom. Their parents were impressed and let the kids play. The ended up having a great time outside.
Sam loved to eat all kinds of salty foods. Since he was a youth, he consumed heavy amounts of salt. As Sam grew older, he continued pouring salt on everything. One day, Sam got very sick, and fell with a huge headache. The coroner found that it was too much salt, but it was too late.
Brett met a new friend at work who invited him to for a bike ride. Brett wasn't in shape but figured they would only go for a short ride. They went to a park Brett thought was pretty small. After a half hour he asked his friend how long the ride would take. Brett found out he was doomed to a four hour round trip.
Hugo saw his friend sprain his ankle. He told his friend to drop out of the big race. His friend ignored him. So he told his trainer. The trainer ended up telling him to not attend.
Queen Desiree was a single widowed queen suffering from sadness. She ruled an empire and was loved by her people but not a king. She had lost her husband to an assassination two decades earlier. She started to lose her mind and with that her capability to rule. She became desperate and hung herself in a last attempt for affection.
Ann loved to build snowmen. She went outside in the snow. Than she began to roll it in balls. Soon she had a big Snowman. Ann had the coolest snowman on the block.
I had a friend named Ronin who lived with his mom. He was pretty intense, and worked out every day. One day his mom enrolled him in Kendo. Ronin worked very hard in Kendo. That year he won the state competition in Kendo.
Larry was driving at night along a highway. He saw a sign for an adult book store. Larry was an adult and loved to read. He stopped at the store and stepped in. Larry asked the puzzled clerk if they had Pride & Prejudice.
Michelle lived in Florida and loved to go to the beach. She would load her beach bag with snacks and put on her swimsuit. Saturday she had plans to go to the beach but it was raining. Michelle was very disappointed and at this point had no other plans. She finally decided not to waste the day and went to the mall instead.
Nick and Tom were best friends. They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform. They had a great time listening to the band. They got lost on the way home, it took 2 hours to arrive at home. They laughed about it and enjoyed seeing their unique city.
The Duchess of Cambridge aspired to be queen. She dreamed of being on the throne and ruling. The current queen had fell ill suddenly and died. The Dutchess now had nothing in her way. The Duchess became the Queen at last.
Bill and Tonya had just started dating. She had acted very possessive at times, but Bill accepted it. Soon, she started isolating Bill from his friends and family. She had turned Bill into a full on hermit! Even though he loved her, he soon broke it off with her.
The woman tried to tie a turban. It kept falling off of her friend. Her friend helped her tie it. It fell of her head again. She took off the turban.
Karl was hungry. He had plenty of food at home. He was just too lazy to cook anything. Instead he got fast food. It was not fulfilling.
It was Asher's first day of school. He was nervous and excited to go. Asher was afraid he would miss his parents. After he got to school he started playing with new friends. The school day was over before Asher had a chance to miss his parents.
Bill was climbing trees. He didn't let anyone else climb them. Bill considered himself an expert at tree climbing. He didn't want anyone to climb that wasn't an expert. However, once people climbed up with him he was happy he wasn't alone.
Taylor was walking home from school. She passed a house with some chained up dogs in the yard. The two dogs seemed very upset by her presence. They barked angrily, jumping towards Taylor. Taylor was frightened and she hurried to get away.
Beltar was from France. He came to America for a vacation. And was bombarded with Coneheads jokes. Everyone would ask what happened to his head. It became tiresome quickly.
Mel went to the carnival. He ate some cotton candy. Then he rode the rides! His favorite was the ferris wheel. He rode all day until he was tired.
Last night I was drinking some grape juice. I had two glasses. Unfortunately when I was drinking it, I spilled some. It went on the couch. I immediately had to get stain remover.
Jasmine was walking to the store. She noticed someone near her on the sidewalk. It was a man who was yelling and seemed drunk. Jasmine felt really uncomfortable and decided to get away. She crossed the street and the guy gave her no issues.
Rita worked as a waitress at a busy restaurant. She loved her job but lately the customers were not tipping well. She began to wonder if she was doing a bad job. However, one day she received a huge tip from a guest. This made her very happy.
Dan wanted to become a great painter. Dan signed up for art classes at his local college. Dan watched inspiring films about great artists. Dan poured his soul into an oil painting that meant much to him. Dan sold that painting at a local gallery for over a thousand dollars!
The puppy scratched at the door. He wanted to go out to play. A man opened the door for the puppy. The puppy ran outside. The puppy looked very happy as it ran in the yard.
Today I went to lunch. I got the gumbo. It was good but salty. I drank a lot of water. I would still get it again though.
Gina was the last one to the car. All her siblings had chosen seats. She didn't want to sit in the middle for the 9 hour ride. She begged her mom to force her brother to scoot over. She was upset when her mother forced her to sit in the middle.
Bill was having a terrible day. He couldn't find his lucky hat. He didn't even have enough luck to remember where he saw it last. He searched the closet, stopping in front of his mirror. His hat was on his head.
Anna was at the beach playing in the water. Then she went too deep and started to flail about. Luckily, a lifeguard was watching. He jumped in and pulled her to shore. Anna thanked him profusely!
Recently, I began creating my own computer game. I am doing all of the work myself. Typically, there would be an artist, programmer, and many more people. The progress is slow, but it is also steady. I look forward to finishing it and sharing it with friends and family.
Tom was on a date. They were watching Netflix. Neither could decide on what to watch. They both pretended not to care. It was frustrating and almost ruined the night.
Max went to football tryouts for the first time. The coach asked him what position he wanted to play. Max said that he wanted to be quarterback. The coach told him that they did not need a quarterback. Max decided to try out for the running back position instead.
Donna was terrified. She had just come home to find her house on fire. The firemen were already there. She watched them battle the blaze. Soon they had it under control and her house was saved!
Tom's office planned a secret Santa party. Tom drew a name from a hat. The name he drew was his own! Tom went out and bought himself a really nice gift. Tom said nothing on the day of the secret Santa office party!
Ray wanted to surprise Suzy by making her dinner. Ray started to fry some chicken. A large grease fire suddenly engulfed the kitchen. Ray and Suzy's house burned down. When Suzy came home from work, she was very surprised.
Jason feels that his work chair is very uncomfortable. Jason asks his boss for a new chair. His boss agrees, but says Jason must go get it from the store. Jason drives to the store. He picks up the new chair for his office.
Elly had a history exam coming up. She kept putting off studying to hang out with friends. The night before the test she was super worried. She stayed up all night studying. Elly passed her exam but was exhausted.
I wanted to make vegetable stir fry. I walked to a local grocery store. It was closed as that day was a holiday. I took the long way home in dejection. I encountered a farmer's market and bought what I needed.
Jeff is eating his lunch. He notices his teeth hurt. He schedules a dentist appointment. He visits with the dentist. Jeff gets a bad tooth removed.
My uncle Freddy is a pizza delivery man. He drove the delivery car all across town yesterday. He delivered pizza to a family who tipped him generously. Their next door neighbors did not tip him at all. Freddy decided that everyone should tip pizza delivery people.
Aaron wanted to buy a new pair of socks. All of his existing pairs had holes in them. Aaron picked up a pack of fresh wool socks. When he put them on he was amazed at the comfort. He had not bought new socks in almost a decade.
Sally asked her parents if they could get a family pet. The family decided to visit a shelter to choose a pet. At the shelter, they looked at puppies and older dogs. A spotted puppy caught their attention by jumping up and down. Sally and her family chose the puppy to bring home.
Tom liked to destroy things. He pulled up his father's flowers. His father made him plant more flowers as a punishment. Tom was very tired after planting all weekend. Tom never pulled the flowers again.
Gene needed to get a message to his friend. He tried email, but his internet wasn't working properly. It wasn't urgent, so he decided to write a letter. It took him a while, as his handwriting was poor. After much effort, he mailed the letter to his friend.
Lucy woke up Saturday morning to a wonderful smell. She couldn't tell what it was right away. It was cinnamon. Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls. She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all.
Jay was a teacher. All his friends thought his job was fun. They had no idea how hard it was. Jay spent hours to prepare lessons. His friends never understood.
Carl was really fat and unhealthy. So he convinced his brother to get gym passes. They both started a workout routine. They worked out for a year. Carl was no longer fat or unhealthy.
One day Jon decided to go for a walk. On the way, he saw a squirrel. He managed to get really close to it. But then it ran away. Jon laughed.
Bobby was hanging out with his father Hank at work. Suddenly a truck full of propane tanks pulled up. Bobby hopped to work unloading the tanks, thinking they were full. When Hank saw what Bobby was doing he stopped him immediately. Bobby had been unloading empty tanks not loading up empty ones.
Rupert owned a local woodworking shop. One morning he arrived to open up. He was sad to see his windows broken with rocks. He called the police who investigated the scene. Luckily they caught the guy who paid to repair the window.
Kevin was going to ask Lisa to the dance. He prepared exactly what he was going to say. He approached her at school the next day and asked her. She smiled and accepted, saying she was very excited! Kevin was very excited for his date.
Tanya was on a diet. Her husband went into the hospital. Tanya was stressed. She ate a lot of fast food for a week. Tanya gained a few pounds when her husband was sick.
We went to a community yard sale last week. A friend had recommended that I check out the musical instruments. I saw a few really junky guitars that were way overpriced. As I was leaving, I saw a yard sale across the street with a guitar. It was dirty, but in very good shape for ten dollars, so I bought it!
Anna wanted to go to space camp. She sent in her application. They invited her in for an interview. She was personable and friendly. Then they offered her a spot at space camp!
John made coffee for his guests. He warned them that is was very hot. One of the guests ignored the warned. She burnt her tongue and cried out. John shook his head and said it was hot.
A student parked his car in the school lot and walked to class. The student was approached by another man on his way. The man asked if he knew where the library is. The student pointed in the distance. The man thanked him and walked in that direction.
Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa. He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him. Grandma came into the room. Lucy eagerly attempted to help with her chores. Grandpa laughed and suggest she relax and enjoy the show.
Sandy always liked full moons. Last week she invited people over to have a night picnic. It was bright because of the full moon. They had wine and crackers and had small talk. They eventually went back in when it got too cold.
One day there was a blood drive at my work. I was terrified of needles, but I really wanted to donate. The woman who drew my blood was patient and gentle. She held my hand and rubbed my shoulders to keep me calm. Now, I donate every time my work sponsors a blood drive.
Jon was writing stories for his work. He was getting tired of writing. He decided to write a script to make up stories. His boss caught him. Jon was promptly fired.
Neil hated to call in sick to work. One day he had the stomach flu. He went to work anyway. He made lots of people sick. He never went to work with the flu again.
Today I went for a walk on the beach. The sun was so warm and the ocean waves so calming that I got sleepy. I lay down on the warm sand and fell asleep but only for a moment. Almost immediately I felt someone was watching me. I opened my eyes and a huge pelican was standing just a few feet away.
The family went camping. They forgot the tent. It rained that night. They all had to sleep in the van. The van was too crowded for comfort.
Sydney and Luis had been dating for a while. Sydney lived several hours from Luis and wants to move closer. Luis is helping her find an apartment closer to his town. An apartment right down his street opened up. Sydney is getting ready for the move this weekend.
I went outside to enjoy a cigarette one morning. I walked to my driveway to check the mail. All of a sudden, I noticed a deer running straight at me. I began to run away as the deer chased me into my house. I looked out my window and saw the deer baby by my mailbox.
Diana wanted to impress her boyfriends. She made homemade pasta with handmade noodles. The sauce was also from scratch and tasted delicious. Her boyfriends came over and the four of them ate the pasta. Everyone thought it was delicious and thanked Diana.
Austin wanted a new video game system. He had two choices save up the money or wait till his birthday. Austin decided to wait till his birthday as that would be easiest. Soon his birthday was close by and he told his parents what he wanted. His parents were kind to gift him the game system that he wanted.
Anna's husband Joe stopped for ice cream after work. He brought Anna a milk shake. But the ten minutes in the car had melted it! Joe apologized for the watery shake. But Anna was still happy he'd remembered her!
When I was a small child, I was unusually strong. In gym class we had the Presidential Physical Fitness award each year. The boys would stand amazed as I did pull up after pull up. We finally had the evaluation and I did the best of anybody. At the end of the year I was called to the stage to receive the award.
Bob took Laura to a Monster Truck Rally. They sat on the front row. Laura watched all the different trucks. She also saw different cars get crushed. It was Laura's first time at a Monster Truck Rally.
The teacher gave the class a bell ringer to complete. Tina had difficulty answering the question. Therefore, she didn't write much. The teacher looked at her paper and was mad at her. Instead of correcting her, the teacher ridiculed her.
Me and my family went blueberry picking for a day. When we arrived, we picked up baskets, and headed out to the field. We picked for hours and probably ate more than we picked. We finished filling our baskets and went to check out. The cashier jokingly said we should be weighed before and after too.
A man wanted to make his varsity high school sport team. He learned from the best player that footwork was very important. He began training his foot coordination and quickness. He noticed he was able to move better during competition. The following year he made the varsity team and was happy.
Jessica woke up one morning and got ready for work. She got into her car to head to work. The car would not start. Jessica started to panic. She quickly realized that she could ride the bus to work so she did.
A bear walked into a city. A bunch of people were scared. They feared the bear would eat their kids. They got their guns to hunt it. They shot the bear.
John had his things stolen. They broke into his apartment. He checked local pawn shops. He found some of his things at one of them. It helped track down the thieves.
Sally wanted a child very badly, but she had no husband! She was growing older and becoming desperate. One sad night, Sally drank too much and had a one night stand. That night she conceived a child! She raised the baby all alone, finally happy to be a mommy!
Quentin notices that many of his friends have moved out of Manhattan. He decides that he wants to move as well. After weeks of research, Quentin finds a nice apartment in Brooklyn. He moves his stuff into his new apartment. Finally Quentin has joined his friends in leaving Manhattan.
Tony loved to grow tea leaves in his backyard. He would always brew tea for all of his friends with his leaves. One day, a businessman joined him and his friends for tea. He loved the tea so much he offered Tony a contract to sell him tea! Tony accepted happily and began growing more tea!
Jane sat reclined in the chair by the pool. Ted came by, like usual, at 10am. He started to get his cleaning supplies out of the truck. He spent the next hour cleaning the pool with Jane sat and watched. Ted finished, and Jane paid Ted.
I was having a hard time picking out a gift for my mother. It was almost Christmas and I wanted to get her something really good. I searched high and low, all over the mall. Finally, I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog. I had found the perfect Christmas gift.
Scarlet was a pirate ship's parrot. She loved her job. If the crew was bored, she told jokes and performed tricks. When they attacked another ship, she hurled insults at the enemy. Best of all, she ate exotic island fruits and seeds every day!
Holly was tired of drinking only water. She decided to make a pitcher of lemonade. Holly tasted the lemonade. It was sour. She added more sugar until it tasted right.
Sam was trying to cook dinner. He could barely cut any vegetables. All his knives were dull. He tried sharpening them but it didn't work. Sam wound up having to buy a new set.
Ralph woke up and it had snowed overnight. He asked mother if he could go sledding and she said yes. Ralph grabbed his sled and climbed up the hill by his house. Ralph raced down the hill on his sled but crashed. He now has a broken arm and can't sled again until it heals.
Raymond just got a stack of papers and needed a stapler to attach them. He looked on his desk but the stapler wasn't there. Raymond rushed to the store to buy a new stapler. After he purchased the stapler, he bought staples. Now Raymond is able to staple the papers together.
Simon fell on a patch of ice while getting to his car. At first it only hurt so he wasn't worried. But as the day passed by, he realized something was very wrong. He went to the hospital to have his hip checked. And was sent home with a three week admonition to stay in bed.
Jan worked at a deli. Her good friend at the deli needed a ride to work. Jan offered to give him a ride. The man was delighted with the offer. The man later cancelled after he learned the car smelled of bad cheese.
Nick is driving. He sees a cat in the road. He acts quickly to avoid the cat. Nick barely avoids the cat. He is relieved that it wasn't harmed.
Our daughter's best friend in college is rich. Her father is a millionaire. Recently my wife posted her retirement on FB. The father said he wished he could do that. I think he is very disingenuous.
Patty was confused. She was having a Halloween party and she didn't recognize someone. They were dressed as a ghost. She went over to ask then who they were. They saw her coming and ran away.
My wife buys six bananas at a time. She vows to eat them but never eats more than three. The others get brown and dumped. Last week I bought a blender and made smoothies. Now we use up all of the bananas.
The family filed out of the van. The had arrived at the circus! They couldn't wait to see the different acts. The first one was some funny clowns. The family all laughed and clapped.
Jim is having a sleepover. His friend Ian is sleeping  over. They watch a movie and eat popcorn. They get their pajamas on. They fall asleep early.
Today is my first day at my new job. I am now a preschool teacher. One my one, each of my students arrived. I greeted them all with a smile. My nerves quickly left me as each of them returned a smile.
Luke noticed that his phone was running low on battery power. He decided to plug it into an outlet. Slowly his phone began to regain battery power. When it was finally full, Luke unplugged it. He was glad that his phone was no longer running low on power.
Ethan was very hungry. He left class early to get some food. He found a vending machine. He put in a dollar. He got the food he wanted!
peppa and her brother george went to a dinosaur park with their friend they celebrated fred's birthday in dinosaur park they all had fun rides in dinosaur park finally fred blew the candles in his birthday cake and they ate cake when they got home they recalled all the fun they had in dinosaur park
John is an accountant who works long hours. He is loved by his coworkers and boss. They gave him cheesecake for his birthday. John brought donuts for them as a thank you. They like him even more now.
Edward was told not to look at the solar eclipse. He was told it would damage his eyes if he did look at it. Edward tried hard to not look at the solar eclipse, but did anyway. The blinding light hurt his eyes and made him look away in pain. He hurt his vision and now needs glasses to see.
My first real kiss was in sixth grade. Our middle school band went on a trip to an amusement park. My boyfriend met me at the park. On one of the rides, he leaned over and kissed me! I was excited because I really liked him.
Several years ago Ruth moved to Florida. She got a job in a large company near her home doing customer service. After a while Ruth made friends at work. One of the people she met was from her home state of New Jersey. Now after many years they still remain friends.
Tim was going to the circus. His mother told him there would be elephants. Tim was scared. Elephants were big and scary. Once he saw them do cool tricks he wasn't scared anymore.
Graham woke up and saw that it was snowing heavily. He checked online to confirm that today was a snow day. He was so glad to stay home from school that day. He spent it all sleeping and catching up on projects. It ended up being even more productive than school.
A group of friends went on a hike. One of the friends tripped over a large root in the ground. She twisted her ankle badly. She hopped on her friend's back. He carried her back to get medical treatment.
Rina got in the shower. She put a generous amount of shampoo in her hair. Then she washed it out. She grabbed the conditioner. Rina discovered she ran out of conditioner.
Katie saw a weird bruise on her leg. She went on webmd and found her bruise matched cancer. Of course she started panicking and crying. After waiting in the emergency room for hours the doctor called her. He took a quick look and diagnosed Katie with a bruise.
Ed did not like rice. Then his girlfriend offered to make him a special dish. She boiled the rice and buttered it. Then she gave it to Ed, who tried it. Ed decided rice was not so gross after all.
It was Ray's last day as a newsman. He looked at his script from the night and took out a pen. He changed around some stories and wrote an original poem. His producer was very confused by the broadcast when it aired. Ray finished his segment and took a bow.
Jake's dad have given him a new Power Wheels truck. Jake and his friend Dan rode around on the truck for hours. Jake was always the driver. When Dan asked Jake reminded him it was his truck. Jake didn't care when Dan left in a huff.
Jane was driving at night. A cop turned its lights on behind her. Jane was alone and unsure. She feared that it was a fake cop. Jane drove to a brightly lit parking lot.
Amy hadn't been speaking to her crush Ray. Ray had been cold and distant for weeks. One day at lunch he gave her a muffin. Amy was more confused than ever before. She had no idea if Ray liked her or was just being nice.
My dad took me fishing. As we stood on the bank, I looked down. There I saw a small green snake. I wasn't afraid of it. I even bent down and picked it up, thinking it was cute.
Becky was very hungry. Cindy started cooking supper. The kitchen was filled with the tantalizing smell of cheeseburgers. It was finally time to eat. Becky was relieved that her stomach was no longer making noises.
Carlos bed was very old. He needed a new one. So Carlos threw out his old one. Carlos drove to the store and looked for a new bed. Carlos found the best bed and bought it.
Sam got balloons for his birthday. He forgot to tie them down right. When he went outside with them a strong gust hit. The wind snatched the balloons and floated them away. Sam apologized for it.
Josh was bored. It had been raining for almost two days straight. He really wanted to go outside. So, he put on his rainy boots and rainy coat and went outside. Josh decided to jump in the puddles, he had a lot of fun!
Amanda had just moved to her new city recently. Unfortunately she had moved very quickly and didn't have much. All of her stuff was in storage especially her kitchenware. She decided to check out the thrift store nearby. Amanda ended up finding many useful kitchenware items.
Cade had a Spanish exam in the morning. But his friend had invited him to a party! Cade really wanted to go. But he knew he had to study and get a good night's rest. Cade skipped the party and studied very hard for his test instead!
Jim was riding in his boat. He saw dark clouds start to roll in overhead. Jim began to make his way to the dock. He docked his boat and put it on his trailer. It began to ran as Jim left.
My wife and I spent were depressed with the state of our house. We began to clean it up. We gathered all the junk in garbage bags. I put the bags in our trash can. My wife cleaned the area where the junk was.
Justine bought a very old house. She noticed the yard was always wet. One day, she decided to build a new house next to the old one. Unfortunately, the ground was too wet. The foundation could not be set.
Kat kept a diary. She wrote her secret thoughts. She hid her diary away under her bed. Kat's brother read her diary. Kat got very angry at her brother.
Thomas had a tree in his yard that needed to be chopped down. The tree had grown tall and stretched over his house. Thomas was afraid that a branch would break and damage his roof. He took an ax from his garage and chopped down the tree. Now Thomas would not have to worry about the tree falling on his roof.
Every year we all put of the tree. Sing songs about Christmas. Even when we don't get along we come together. This year I knew was going to be different. My father wouldn't be here this Christmas.
A great internet forum was visited daily by many people. Disagreements began to erupt between moderators and administration. Moderators got angry and decided to work together to start a new forum Moderators left the original forum and started their own. Users now visit both forums.
Hannah had been saving up a lot of money. She really wanted to buy her own video game. She asked her mom to take her to the store. Unfortunately, the game that she wanted was a bit too expensive. Then, her mom offered to pay the extra amount.
Susie thought she was going to get an award at her school. She was waiting patiently for it. But the end of ceremony came. Susie still waited. They never called her name.
It was the fourth of July. Janie was leaning on the storm door while her dad set off fireworks. All of a sudden she was falling backwards. The glass on the door had broken. She needed six stitches in her hand from the broken glass.
Ted needed something fresh in his life. He decided to get a dog. He adopted a puppy and instantly fell in love. He taught him all sorts of tricks. He found a companion and felt much better about life.
Rudy moved into a house with a fireplace. The house was bordered by woods. Rudy went into the woods and collected sticks and branches. At home, he crumpled up newspaper in the fireplace. He lay the kindling on the newspaper and lit the fire.
Ed really hoped it would snow overnight. He hadn't bothered to study for his math test. The weather forecaster said there was a 50% chance of snow. When his alarm went off in the morning, no snow! He failed his math test.
The man requested an estimate. He was happy with the amount. He got the work done. The work cost way more than the estimate. The man refused to pay for the amount above the estimate.
Miranda found it hard to express her opinions in public. When there was a controversy at work, she always kept quiet. Only when she went home did she feel more confident. She wrote on her blog and there said all she wanted. It was a good balance as no one knew her online.
A man wanted a new hairstyle. He decided to do some research online. He found what he wanted. He printed a picture out for the hairdresser. He got his new haircut.
Kim's house was chipping and needed to be painted. She called her friend Beth and asked her to help. When half the house was painted they ran out of paint. Kim purchased new paint without the original sample present. When done Kim was horrified to see the house was 2 different colors.
The man asked for donations. Everybody ignored him. The man told his friend. His friend suggested a strategy. The man got donations with the new strategy.
Caleb got his first car for his 16th birthday. It was decided he would work a part time job. He needed his own money for things like gas and insurance. The very first job he applied to he got. He ended up delivering pizzas and had a blast.
Jack and his wife got in a fight. He decided to cool off by going for a drive. While he was out his wife sat at home crying. She texted him that she was sorry. He drove home and they hugged and said they loved each other.
I played tetherball one time with my brother. It was a lot of fun swatting the ball back and forth. But it got a bit too competitive. On one of his hits, the ball struck me in my face. Man did that hurt and it taught me a lesson to be careful.
Katalina could not handle her children. They were far too wild for her. So she decided she was just going to give them candy. She thought it would make them quiet down. But unfortunately it made things far worse.
Tom had a bird that loved to hang out by his window. Tom decided to build him a perch to stand on. The bird loved it and he stood there every day. Tom loved listening to the bird's chirping every day. He named the bird Toby.
Jenny was moving. She found a great apartment downtown. She hired a moving company and started the process. She couldn't wait to be settled. Her view was amazing!
It was an incredibly hot day outside. Tara was working out with her mother. Tara felt dizzy all of a sudden. Her mother immediately grabbed some water for Tara. Tara felt much better after hydrating herself.
Nora wanted to read a crime novel. However, she had already read all the novels at home. She decided to look for a novel at her local library. Nora found a great one there. When she got home she immediately started reading it.
Robert loved to read every day. He could simply not go a day without reading. One day, he lost the book he was reading. He rushed to the bookstore to find another copy of it. Thankfully, the bookstore had a copy of his book.
The man turned the turret on the tank. It got stuck. Another man climbed out of the tank to fix it. He got shot. He fell down to the ground.
I stared at my mother's green eyes. They were starting to gradually change to grey. Her attitude matched the color. She acted very jealous of me, and I thought it was because of her eyes. I blamed her eye color for years.
Eric wanted to go to the prom with Jessica. He was extremely nervous and wasn't sure how to ask. He asked all his friends how to do it. Finally someone told him, so he asked her. She said yes and he was so happy, they went together the next night!
Erin decides that she wants something new to do in her spare time. She starts writing a blog about her family and life. At first she feels awkward writing such personal facts online. However, she eventually loves her new blog. Erin is happy that she found something to do in her spare time.
Ella took her friends out to her mom's camper. There, they started a campfire. Ella felt very proud since it was HER mom's campsite they were at! But soon the bonfire burned out of control and police had to come. Ella didn't feel so proud then.
Tim had a fast car. He was driving down the freeway yesterday. And went over one hundred miles an hour. He looked up and saw flashing lights. He got a ticket for excessive speed that day.
The girl was in the gym. She was very overweight. People in the gym laughed at her. One day she got the strength to fight back. Nobody at the gym messed with her again.
Carl is running late to work. His alarm clock didn't go off due to a blackout. He jumps out of bed running to get ready. After he is ready, he eats a banana for breakfast. He jumps in his car, and makes it to work only two minutes late.
Brooke loved cheering. She was so excited when she made the cheerleading team! She practiced the routines every night for weeks. When it was time to cheer, Brooke was very nervous. She hoped she could make her team proud!
Cam had a dollar for lunch. While he was at the store, he dropped his dollar. He retraced his steps, but could not find it. He told the store manager he had lost his dollar. The store manager gave him some lunch for free.
Matt wanted to make his girlfriend a meal. The problem was, Matt was an awful cook! He tried making several dishes but ruined them all. Matt decided to order in food and say he cooked it himself. His girlfriend was so happy and didn't notice!
The man creased his brow. Onlookers saw anger. The man said some words. The bartender kicked him out. The onlookers decided he was drunk.
Kevin was hungry and he needed to eat lunch. He rushed to the refrigerator and found nothing. He dug through the cabinets. Finally, he hopped in his car and ordered from a restaurant. Kevin is now enjoying his complete meal and is no longer hungry.
I was on a trip to New Mexico. My parents was driving the car. They turned the radio to the most annoying country music station. I couldn't handle it and had to convince them to turn it off. However, they just ignored me.
Jackie was having her morning coffee in her living room. All of a sudden it started to hail. A large piece of ice hit her car windshield. It shattered her windshield. Jackie was able to get it replaced through her car insurance.
It was around Christmas time. Kelly was busy making dinner. She went to the living room and saw ornaments on the ground. Her toddler had taken them and was playing with them. She had to remember where they all went and put them back.
Tim grew up working on cars. His family didn't have much money. They often had to fix things themselves. He applied at an auto store to make more money. His experience landed him the job.
Suzy was having a major candy craving. She was craving some sour gummies. When she went to drugstore she saw all the candy. Suzy was salivating. She decided to buy some immediately.
Jim had lost his cellphone. He searched for hours every where. He decided to call his school. The secretary looked in the lost in found at his school. She found the exact phone he was looking for.
Matt wanted to play football but everyone said he was to small. He hit the weight room hard. He also worked hard on the treadmill. Matt bulked up and increased his speed. He made the football team as a wide receiver.
Elsa's family visited a beach where wild horses lived. She hoped she'd get to see some. While she was playing in the water, she noticed three along the beach. She didn't want to scare them so she stayed still, watching. She was very excited that she got to see horses in the wild.
I went to the store today. I saw some chips. They were six dollars. It was too expensive. So I did not buy them.
Marnie and Thelma went to the circus. They enjoyed the elephants and the acrobats. Marnie tensed up when the clown car came out. When the clowns started getting out of the car, Marnie ran. Marnie had a secret phobia of clowns.
Frank wanted to eat some french fries. Frank decided that he would visit his favorite fast food store. After arriving, Frank ordered a large box of french fries. Frank sat in the restaurant and ate his french fries. Frank was happy that he got to eat french fries.
Mustafa was twelve years old and lived down south. He had never seen snow a day in his life. The chances of snow were unusually high for the region this year. Mustafa was excited and stayed up all night. The next morning he and his friends were making snow men.
Daniel's mother had given him a candy. She meant for him to eat it the following day. Daniel took it to bed with him. Daniel fell asleep with the candy in his bed. His mother was very upset at his filthy candy stained sheets.
Jenna always had to leave two hours early to catch the bus for work. She was tired of leaving so early but didn't have the money for a car. She never wanted to be in this situation again. She got a second job and took out loans for college. Jenna now has a car, house, and is in need of nothing.
Tom couldn't sleep. He tried to take some sleeping pills but it did him no good. He then stayed up on the computer for two more hours. He figured this would make him tired enough. He fell asleep after that.
Our pantry was very empty. We needed to make a grocery list. I put a few things on the list for myself. My wife put some more things on there. We took the list to the store.
The man stopped at a stop sign. He did not see anybody. He started across the intersection. He hit a biker that was crossing. He broke the biker's leg.
Dan was looking forward to the Rio Olympics. He was most looking forward to Olympic baseball. However, Dan was saddened when he learned baseball was cancelled. Dan knew he would not be watching the Olympics anymore. Dan was disappointed that baseball was no longer part of the Olympics.
Carlo wanted to go to the circus. The circus announced a new attraction. It was about a real live unicorn. When Carlo got there he was very excited. The unicorn was a goat with a single horn.
Katherine was trying to wrap her kids Christmas gifts. She was almost done when she ran out of paper. She still had a couple of small gifts left. Luckily, she found some newspaper to use for wrapping. In the end, the newspaper added a fun vibe.
John was on the trail running. Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him. John began to run faster. He thought he was being chased. He ran even faster until he got to his car safely.
Tom was a quarterback in high-school. He was playing an important game. The score was pretty close. It was up to him to complete a pass. Tom choked under the pressure.
April was starting her very first job at a grocery store. She was very nervous as she messed up frequently. At one point she was feeling ready to give up. Finally she hit her stride near the end of the day. She felt confident and excited about her new job.
Myrtle liked to collect old currency. She found it endlessly fascinating. Each dead currency had a long and storied history. It was also a terribly expensive hobby. Her whole collection was comprised by just five pieces.
David is a large man. David does not eat healthy things. One evening while eating his steak David starts feeling a pain. He feels a pain in his chest and falls to his knees. David is having a heart attack his wife calls for help.
My daughter forgot her stuffed puppy at grandma's house. She realized this after we drove home. My daughter began to cry for the puppy and would not stop. My wife gave me this look she sometimes gives me. I drove back to grandma's house through the night.
The pilot asked the cabin to be seated. The stewardess was not sure why. She felt afraid. She fastened her seatbelt. She knew the plane was doomed to crash.
Yesterday Martha woke up and was excited to go to the beach. She was so excited when she packed her things to go. She packed so quickly she forgot to pack the sunscreen! When she arrived at the beach, she realized it was missing. Luckily, her friend brought some so she was able to use theirs!
Laura was great at softball. She realized she loved it. She was so good at it she became team captain. Her team loved her as captain. Laura wanted to be captain again next year.
The family went down to the river. They were going fishing. They all baited their hooks. Only one person caught something. They decided to try more tomorrow.
Bob's foot crashed through the rotted board. He looked with dismay and noticed they were all rotting. Bob called a handyman for an estimate to replace it all. The handyman quoted him a very reasonable amount to do the job. Bob agreed to the price and went inside to prop his foot up.
Sam and Mel never went out since their son was born. Then they decided to plan a date night. Every month they decided to schedule one night to themselves. They went to dinner and then saw movies. Sam and Mel said date night was the best night of the month!
Cal wanted to trade her animal pelts. She walked to the summer trade spot. There she saw people bartering. Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts. She was very happy with her trade!
Tim just broke his leg last week while running track. He will be out for three months at the least. The coach is upset because Tim cannot run for his team anymore. Tim's doctor said he can still exercise his upper body only. Tim decided to do the shot put for the track team instead of running.
Blake was an aspiring country singer. He had the cowboy hat and the boots, he had the southern twang. The only problem was, Blake couldn't sing. Everyone knew this except Blake. Blake kept singing at karaoke bars even though everyone cringed.
I sprained my ankle on July 20, 1969. I was walking and twisted my ankle badly. My mom put Chinese liniment on my ankle and I sat all day. I was in pain but excited watching Neil Armstrong walk onto the moon. I always associate the moon with sprained ankles now.
I stood in line at the big box store with my purchases waiting to pay. I looked for my wallet, but it wasn't there. I panicked, sure someone had stolen it. I left the store, without my items, calling banks to cancel cards. When I got home, I discovered it, on my desk, where I had left it.
Tom was unhappy in his relationship. He decided to cheat. His girlfriend noticed a message on his facebook. She figured out what he was doing. They broke up soon after.
Susy and Tina had been friends for years. But Tina was no longer replying to Susy's texts anymore. Susy got mad. So she decided to delete Tina's number. When she deleted it, she never looked back.
My daughter wanted to wear her toy butterfly wings to school. I told her that she would have issues if she did that. She did not listen to me and wore her wings to school. She came home very happy because they all loved the wings. I learned to trust my daughter's fashion judgments.
It was ana's wedding day. She was super nervous. She forgot to pick up her wedding dress from the dry cleaners. So she rushed to the dry cleaners. At the dry cleaners she is told the dress has been picked up already.
When I was at the water park, I saw a hornet nest. I went to a lifeguard and immediately told him what I saw. Of course, He just ignored me and went on with his day. Later that year, when I went back the lifeguard seemed angry. I noticed a big red swollen area on his skin, and smiled.
Lilly wanted to learn the violin. Her parents bought her an instrument and hired a teacher. Lilly practiced very consistently. Lilly learned some really tough pieces. In six months, Lilly was auditioning for the state orchestra!
Chloe was in the kitchen making dinner. Suddenly she heard a huge crash in her son's room. She ran to investigate and saw toys everywhere. He had dumped out his toy box. Chloe scolded him and made him clean it all up.
Roan skateboarded down a rail. He fell and broke his arm. Roan skateboarded to the hospital. They told him it would never heal. Roan put his arm in a cast and skated away.
Lisa was running through the park. She loved playing with her dog. They played catch. At the end she went in the lake. She loved to swim in it.
Jessica hadn't seen her sister in months. They had had a big fight. She decided to invite her out to lunch. There, Jessica apologized. Her sister accepted her apology.
Olivia hopped into her car and put the key in the ignition. She turned the key and nothing happened. She tried again and the car did not start! Olivia called her dad who agreed to stop by later to check on the car. Her dad started up the car without a hitch and decided it was a fluke.
Claire went to the doctor to get a flu shot. She waited in the waiting room for 20 minutes. The nurse brought her into an exam room. The nurse quickly gave her a shot in her arm. Claire got a sticker for being such a good patient.
Tim made mistakes. He asked for help fixing them. People refused to help. Tim stopped caring about mistakes. That helped him not make as many mistakes.
I've been working at my new job for about six months now. Today, my boss took me aside to talk to me about something. He said he hired me because I looked like an intelligent person. Then he told me it was time I proved that I am. I guess that's one way to do a quarterly evaluation.
Mike was a student in high school. He was good at studies and used to ace his tests. But he got overconfident, which resulted him failing in a test. His mother taught him to be confident, but never overconfident. He learnt the lesson and scored a perfect in his next test.
There was a school in Michigan. The school caught on fire. Firemen fought the fire for a long time. The fire burned down the school. Nobody was injured thanks to the firemen.
Sam had his stereo stolen. He filed a report with the police. They weren't much help. He found the same stereo on Craigslist. Unfortunately he was never able to get it back.
Jeff and Ashley just got married today. They had a wonderful ceremony and reception. They were so busy walking around greeting all their guests all night. They were so busy that they didn't get a chance to eat any dinner. They didn't mind though because they were having such a great night.
Marie had always wanted a cat. One day she saw this poor kitten that was abandoned by it's mother. She took the kitten home and nursed it with baby bottles. The cat grew up pretty fast and was very healthy. After taking care of the cat for so long she decided to keep it.
Jerry can barely see the road since it was extremely foggy. He tried to drive slowly to avoid any car crash. However, a car suddenly appeared from behind. The driver ended up crashing Jerry. He blamed Jerry for the accident since he was driving slowly.
When he went to the game, he thought everyone had new jerseys on. What he didn't know was many of those jerseys are fake. There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys. They look similar, but are of poor quality and are much cheaper. So just because they look similar, doesn't mean they are real!
Kaya went ice skating with her mom and dad. They assured her they'd help her learn. But despite their efforts, Kaya fell! She twisted her ankle quite badly. She was lucky she was not more injured than that!
Anna heard that there would be a meteor shower that night. She went outside with her blanket and laid down to watch. Soon they began to whiz by, a few a minute. They were amazing and Anna was astonished! She thought the meteor shower was breathtaking.
Danica was driving to work. A person hit her car from the side. Danica got out and exchanged information. The person paid her some money to fix damages. It was only a scratch so danica went on her way.
Larry had a wonderful relationship and a best friend. He was very happy with both of them. Unfortunately one day Larry's girlfriend admitted to cheating. She told him it was with his best friend. They broke up and she started dating the friend.
We brought our cat home to our new house. A neighbor cat started showing up on our porch to see her. My cat hates other cats. I hissed at the neighbor cat to go away. Now he comes to our house to yell and his at us.
Tim had been having really bad back pain. He worked long hours at work in his cubicle. His office chair was simply not ergonomic enough for his needs. He bought a brand new Herman Miller chair for $1000. His brand new office chair resolved all his back pain issues.
Gina's brother had been gone for a month. One day a girl came knocking on the door. She was looking for Gina's brother Jay. The girl was pregnant, and it was his baby. Gina was no longer shocked by anything related to Jay.
Ruth was reading through her teen girl magazines. She saw a contest for free makeup and decided to enter. She was shocked to learn a week later that she had really won. She had never won anything like it before. Ruth loved her makeup and was always proud of her win.
Patty scrolled through Facebook. She saw a lot of weird posts. One video caught her eyes. She watched a cow dancing. She promised not to watch anything like that again.
Louise has a nice house in the city. Louise likes to collect things. The house got very full of odd items. Her boyfriend threatened to move out because of all the junk. Louise sold all her stuff on the internet and made some money.
Mally needed to get a new alarm to wake her up in the morning. She tried every alarm on her phone, but none seemed to wake her. She searched through many stores, but every alarm she slept through. Her friend recommended she get a scream alarm. Mally set it up, and when the alarm went off, she jumped right up.
Pat hired a house inspector to look over a house he wanted. Pat bribed him to lie about the condition of the house. Pat used the false report to negotiate a better deal. The sellers believed the report and gave in. Pat was able to save $10,000 by doing this.
James had been looking for sponsors on his video channel. He posted quality videos every day in order to succeed. He continued this process for many months in hopes of getting one. One day, James received a mysterious email from a company. It turns out he finally got a sponsor and all the work had paid off!
Tom was doing a school project. He was spray painting a mural near school. The cops rolled up on him and started to arrest him. They didn't believe Tom when he said he had permission. The school administrators had to get him out of jail.
Christian's grandma wanted to surprise him with a gift. She chose a new red bike. She asked his parents to keep it a secret and they agreed. She drove to their house and asked Christian to come outside. Christian went outside to see a brand new shiny bike.
Beth was very poor and needed to pay her bills. She had nothing to sell except for her treasured TV. Reluctantly she put it up for sale and it went quickly. She collected the money and paid her bill. Still she was sad and always missed the TV.
Sue was excited to plant her first garden. As she planted a row of seeds, she marked it with the seed packet. When she was done, Sue admired the neat rows of different seeds. That night, there was a big wind storm. The seed packets no longer marked the rows but lay all over the yard.
Nathan arrived with a cooler of drinks. He was walking towards the food. However, he tripped on all of the food. The potato salad and lasagna landed on the ground. The chicken also got crushed.
I suddenly realized how hungry I was! I went to the kitchen and got out some peanut butter and jelly. I spread the peanut butter on a slice of white bread. Then I used a spoon to spoon on some grape jelly. I ate that sandwich in about 30 seconds!
Ben was going home from work. He was very tired. All he could think about was to get some rest. When he opened the door, his friends screamed "Surprise"! It was his Birthday.
Marco and his friends were watching a movie. Someone suggested that they make popcorn. Marco put a bag in the microwave. Then, he went back to hang out with his friends. Marco became distracted, and the popcorn burned on accident.
The man saluted. His superior saluted back. His superior walked away. The man continues saluting. His superior thought that was strange.
We had to go to Colorado for work training. It was a long flight to get all the way out there. The elevation was definitely more than I expected. But it was great to see a new city. We had some great experiences, and was glad to see it.
Tom and Amy wanted to buy a new house. They found one the loved and applied for a mortgage at the bank. The loan officer reviewed their credit report and denied the loan. Tom and Amy had been victims of identity theft! The couldn't believe a thief had ruined their dream.
Tina really loved this new show. She wanted to show it to her friend. She was afraid her friend may not like it though. Luckily though, she really liked it. Now the girls watched it together all the time.
Rick worked full time and signed up for machining classes. His wife knew she'd never see him for the next few months. But she also knew it was worth it. What he did, he did for her and his family. Rick's wife was very proud of him.
I was living in Syria. The Syrian war broke out. I decided to escape the country. I fled to Greece. Finally, I was safe!
Joy's brother always took little bites off assorted chocolates. He wasn't sure what he'd like so he'd take bites until he decided. It left a box of candy no one else wanted to eat. Joy took matters into her own hands. She cut all the candies in half so he could see what was inside.
I took my son to the barbershop today. The barber got his equipment set up by his stand. He started to cut my son's hair. However, he accidentally shaved off more than what was expected. Therefore, he received a lower haircut.
We were supposed to make a mock music video for class. We ended up just playing loud Mariah Carey music at a friend's house. Her mother made a bunch of chicken. Our friend from Bangladesh ate chicken until she was sick. We recorded ourselves singing to the music.
Luke woke up in the middle of the night. He was very cold, so he got another blanket. He was still cold so he turned his heat up. Like woke an hour later drenched in sweat. He took off one of his blankets and everything was just right.
Sue had never cooked meat loaf. She found a recipe and bought the ingredients. She followed the recipe step by step. She was excited as it was cooking. Sue's meat loaf turned out perfectly.
Bill and Lisa were walking on the boardwalk by the beach. A man with a monkey called to them and offered to show them tricks. The monkey did all kinds of silly things and Lisa laughed and laughed. When Bill went to put money in the man's hat the monkey bit him. Bill was very cross and sued the man for everything he had.
Allison's mom took a job that prevented her from cooking dinner. As the eldest child Allison would need to cook dinner for her family. Allison's mom found some easy recipes. They worked together so Allison could cook them without assistance. Allison cooked dinner most days after that.
Frank needs a new car. His old one is junk. Frank goes to the dealership. He picks out a red car. Frank is happy he bought a new car.
Molly had trained for the swim competition for weeks. Once it finally came she got really nervous. She vomited just before it was her turn to swim. This had never happened before so Molly and her family were concerned. Molly ended up swimming her best race ever and setting a record.
Don wanted to surprise his wife Jen for her birthday. Don spent weeks tracking down her old school friends. He was able to talk to many of them. Don arranged to have all Jen's old friends come over. They surprised Jen with a huge nostalgic birthday party.
The Smith family was on vacation in California. They visited their relatives in San Diego every summer. They drove to the beach first thing in the morning. When they arrived, they found out the beach was closed. The Smiths decided to go out for breakfast instead.
Jane lost her card at the store. Someone else found it. She noticed fraudulent charges on it. Jane's bank put the money back in. They replaced her card as well.
Andrew was always fascinated by history. His favorite culture was that of the samurai. So his brother decided to take him to a samurai exhibit at a museum. They got ready and drove there in the morning. Andrew loved the exhibit.
Bill went to a joke shop to buy some fake money for a prank. He asked the clerk where the fake money was kept. The clerk led him to a corner of the store. Bill picked out a mix of euros and US dollars. He tried to pay for it with the fake money but the clerk refused.
When I was eight Year's old, all I wanted to do was hit a homerun. I kept trying and trying to hit one, but it never happened. I practiced on my hitting in order to make it happen one day. On my dad's birthday, I had a baseball game. At my first at bat, I walked up to the plate and hit a homerun!
James loved to go to the carnival. He went to the carnival every year. James went to the carnival and threw up on one of the rides. James was kicked out of the carnival and banned for life. James kept going to the carnival by wearing a disguise.
The dog was in a cage. He howled all day. The family got rid of the dog. The next family let the dog outside. The dog did not howl at all.
One day in 1962 I was jumping on a mattress. It had been thrown out onto the street. I landed on a nail and punctured my foot. My mother treated it and we did not get a tetanus shot. Luckily I did not get an infection.
Eddie was at a McDonald's. He loved the food there and was eating. The burger slipped from his hand and fell to the floor. He was shocked and sad. The manager of the store ended up giving him a new burger for free.
I was going for a jog along the road outside my house. I saw my neighbor's dog in my neighbor's front yard. When I jogged past, the dog ran towards me and attacked me. My neighbor heard my screams and came out to help me. He pulled his dog away from me and I was saved from being bitten.
Sara bought a new bottle of pink nail polish. As she was painting her toenails, her cat ran through. It knocked over the bottle of open polish. The polish spilled on the white carpet. Sara now has a pink spot on her floor.
My mom's birthday was coming up. I needed to get her a present. I recalled that she liked to cook. i bought her a cookbook. She loved the cookbook!
Pete always felt out of place living with his parents. He didn't look like them, and he felt no emotions towards them. One day, he was allowed to be home alone. He started watching a show about abducted kids. He realized he was one of the kids being talked about.
Eric went to town in his car like normal. Not paying attention he ran a red light. He ended up hitting another car. It was not a fatal accident. Eric is a better driver now days
Tom was drunk at a bar with friends. He wanted to drive home. They couldn't convince him not to. Tom's friends hid his keys from him. Tom eventually passed out at the bar.
In April, Bob decided he need to do his taxes. He gathered all of the information he would need. He went to an accountant. He answered the accountant's questions about his income. The accountant prepared and filed Bob's taxes.
The kids got lice. The whole school found out. They got rid of the lice. The school kids did not care. They kept saying those kids had lice.
The local zoo had a panda. The panda had just had a little baby. Mari wanted to go see the baby panda. She took her children that very day. They all loved the baby panda.
James enjoyed hiking a lot. He decided to go hiking on Saturday. After a couple of hours he got lost. He begun to scream for help. Rescuers came in a couple of hours to save him.
James went in a submarine to the bottom of the Challenger Deep. He was in a small submarine looking out the window. He saw large amoeba like organisms 4 inches in length. He was amazed at the immense pressure at this depth. After 30 minutes, he ventured back to the surface.
Molly and Devin love going on long walks. Last week they decided to go on a walk together. During their walk they saw a lot of squirrels. They went home to tell their friends about all the squirrels they saw. Molly and Devin had a great time out on their walk.
Tony and Martha couldn't find their pig, Porky, anywhere. They decided to drive around the neighborhood and find Porky. They approached everyone on the streets of nearby blocks. One person said he thought he saw a pig running up the block. They drove up the block and found a party charbroiling a whole pig.
The kids were screaming and laughing. They were playing a very fun game. They cheered as the game came to a close. The oldest boy won by ten points! The kids demanded a rematch of their amazing new game.
Lulu and the girls decided to go away on a girls trip. Everyone was excited. They choose Hollywood. When the girls were done with the trip they met many celebrities. They couldn't wait to return.
Ed was always running late for work. Today he was on time. He noticed an old lady trying to cross the road. She walked very slowly. He was late again because he stopped to help her.
Ana was trying to film a cover video for Youtube. She couldn't find her good luck necklace. She looked everywhere she could think of to find it. Just as Ana was beginning to despair, she found it. She'd hung it on her microphone stand so she wouldn't lose it.
Dave was on his high school track team. And he wanted to improve his 1 mile run time. He saw advertisements for expensive lightweight shoes on TV. And he saved up money to buy them. But he was disappointed when they barely made a difference.
My mom saw several dishes in the sink. She asked my siblings and I if any of us caused the pile. Although all of us said no, my mom assumed it was my brother. She ended up grounding him for a month. I kept my mouth shut since I was the one who created the dishes.
Anna was confined to a wheelchair after a car accident. Her dream had always been to run in the Olympics. But then her sister Sue raised her spirits up. Sue entered her into the Special Olympics and helped her train. Thanks to Sue's help, Anna came in second place - full of pride!
Lily and Tim went on a date to the ice rink. They had fun for awhile. However lily went too fast and fell. Lily was humiliated. She had to take a rest.
The boy took a test. They graded the test. He did very well. They gave him an award. He displayed it proudly.
Many years ago, there was a huge war. It involved many of the countries from all over the world. In the end, one side prevailed. Now most of the countries who were involved are allies. Time can change many things.
Jim had to do a class presentation for school. Many days were spent rehearsing. On the day of the presentation, Jim was nervous. He felt self-conscious as he presented in front of everyone. In the end, Jim received a passing mark on the assignment.
Travis and his band had a gig booked. It was tomorrow night at a bar. They were in the middle of practice when the promoter called. He told them he was canceling the show for a magic show. He told them there was just no magic in rock and roll.
Rich got paid on Friday. He spent all of his money on bills without any left for food. But then a huge snowstorm rolled in. Rich made money shoveling driveways. Thanks to his snow money, Rich could eat.
Pam had one cat and couldn't decide whether to get another. She decided that she only have another cat if it came into her life. One day she was driving and heard meowing coming from her engine. It was a tiny, scared but healthy kitten! Pam named the kitten Lucky and gave her a forever home.
Susan dropped off her son at daycare. One of the workers told her the center was closing. Susan would have ten days to find a new daycare. Susan couldn't find anything in her price range. She had to quit her job to care for her son.
Mary was fairly used to seeing large rats around her trash cans. Even so, she sometimes had nightmares featuring the large rodents. One night she had a particularly graphic dream featuring a huge rat. It settled on her feet, and she immediately kicked with all her might. She was frantic when she saw she just kicked her sister off the bed.
For Kory's 16th birthday he wanted to go to a concert. His favorite band was playing the weekend of his birthday. His grandparents bought he and his parents tickets for great seats. Kory was very excited and anxious for the concert. He had a great time with his parents at the concert and was very happy.
Ava was lonely. She decided to try a date online. She met a cute young man and arranged a date. The two met for dinner and a movie. Ava had a wonderful time!
Earl took his daughter Alice on a fishing trip. Alice has never gone fishing before. Earl caught a big fish and wanted to kept it for dinner. Alice thought that was mean to the fish. Earl agreed and they let the fish go back in the water together.
Jessie was visiting her grandmother. She was staying at her house overnight. Her grandmother cooked Jessie's favorite supper for her. They enjoyed a movie at night. Jessie's grandmother fixed breakfast in the morning.
Phoebe was at a wild pool party with friends. She spontaneously jumped into the water in her clothes. Suddenly she realized she had jumped in with her phone. She stuck the phone in some rice right a way. Luckily it seemed to help and her phone kept working.
One day Jordyn was watching her fish, Richard, swim in his tank. She decided that Richard must be lonely all by himself. Grabbing her purse, Jordyn ran to her car and drove to the petstore. At the petstore they had so many colorful fish to chose from! The lady at the store helped her find the perfect new fish.
Fran has lived in Hawaii for 18 months. She watched the news and learned 2 hurricanes were headed to Hawaii. She immediately went to the store and bought 10 gallons of water. Luckily,the hurricanes passed Hawaii and she only experienced rain. But now Fran has 10 gallons of water sitting on her kitchen floor.
My brother had a parakeet. I used a fake bird to play with it. Then I switched the fake bird with a bear. The bird was confused. The bird fell for the trick every time.
It was really hot when Cameron came out of his house. As he had put on too many layers, he removed his sweater. He walked for two minutes toward the lake. But by the water, he felt a cold breeze despite the sun. He put his sweater back on feeling hot and cold at the same time.
My daughter's old college friend Sue is a lesbian. She got married in 2014. Last year, my daughter heard from another friend, Sally. Sally claimed Sue made a pass at her, despite being married. My daughter said some of the group have started staying away from Sue.
Tim's windows were very plain. He decided he needed to fix them up a bit. He looked up different window treatment options online. Tim was able to find a couple that matched his decor. He copied the looks and it fit great.
Caitlyn loved to paint wildlife scenery. Although her skills were impressive, the paintings went unnoticed. One day, she met a professional painter and showed her the paintings. The painter was impressed and decided to display them in a gallery. After receiving this exposure, Caitlyn became a renowned painter.
Clyde was feeling a bit under the weather. He called his daughter to come take him to the doctor. The doctor told him it was just a cold. Clyde was prescribed lots of rest and hot liquids. Clyde was glad that it was something minor.
Milo was a fat boy with a bad temper. Milo's mother did not know how to discipline him properly at all. One day, Milo wanted cookies but his mother said no. Milo broke his mother's wrist with a wooden spoon in anger. Milo's mother gave him the cookies out of desperation.
Tyesha favorite band is paramore. SHe found out they are performing in the next week. She quickly went online to buy tickets. Next week comes, she attends the concert. She ends up having the time of her life.
The school bell rang. As Malcolm sat down at his desk, a sudden realization hit him. He had forgotten his homework. He gulped as the classroom door opened, Mrs Davids wouldn't be happy. In walked a substitute teacher and Malcolm sighed a breath of relief.
Bobby was sure it was going to snow. He was so sure he didn't go his English homework. When he woke up the next morning there was no snow. His teacher was not happy that he didn't do his homework. He got 10 points off for handing it in a day late.
Samantha liked to twirl her baton in the house. She had been told not to do it in the house. One day Samantha twirled her baton right into the television. The television screen was smashed into pieces. Samantha had to pay for new television for the family.
Drew went to the grocery shop. He bought a can of Ravioli from a canned goods sale. When he got home, he opened the can. There were several worms inside. He immediately threw it away.
Gina's mom was sleep on the couch at her grandma's house. So Gina couldn't watch TV. But she wasn't ready to go to bed. She decided she would read instead. But the only magazine her grandparents had was about News.
Derek and Elizabeth were just getting settled in their new home. They decided to cook a big meal and invite over their neighbours. All day was spent preparing the house and dinner. Since they weren't used to their new stove everything was burnt. The neighbors didn't mind having pizza delivered.
Wendy was sad about moving to a new town. The new house seemed big and strange. Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house. She had put Wendy's toys and furniture in it so she'd feel at home. That made Wendy feel more comfortable.
Emily had been feeling bad for a few days. On the sixth day, she worsened greatly. The doctor said she had a bacterial sinus infection and a UTI. Emily took her medication. She slowly but surely became well again.
Eric wanted to ask his friend Ally to the prom. He was really nervous and kept missing the chance. Finally, he decided to ask her to a movie that weekend. During the previews, he casually asked. Ally laughed and accepted, and they enjoyed the movie together.
Tom ate mashed potatoes for dinner. He loved mashed potatoes. One day he saw a homeless man. Tom felt very sad. Tom decided to give the man all of his mashed potatoes for dinner.
The kids loved snacking. They got a big plate of cheese slices. They ate them all while they watched a tv show. They were still hungry! They found another block of cheese and sliced some more.
We went to this fun summer camp as kids. They had horseback riding and baseball and water sports. We would play all day and have so much fun. The one time I fell off the horse though and got hurt. But I didn't let it deter me from getting back on and always have fun.
When Francine was a little girl, her favorite treat was cotton candy. She hadn't had it in many years. She was at the fair with some friends. At one of the stands she noticed they sold it. She purchased a bag to share with her friends.
Jimmy lived in a crowded city. Jimmy dreamed of going white water rafting in the mountains. Jimmy located a company in Colorado that offered white water rafting. Jimmy drove out to Colorado and met with the rafting company. Jimmy was able to fulfill his dream of going white water rafting.
Joe owned a carpentry business. The mayor of the city asked Joe to build housing for the homeless. Joe began building the housing but left his workers to finish it. When the housing was done, it had leaks in the roof. The mayor never hired Joe again.
Ramona loves history. She did well in all of her history classes is high school. She decided to major in history in college. Ramona decided to travel to write a history book. Ramona's book about history is now a best seller.
The mountains were a scene of unimaginable beauty. In fall everything the light touched shone with colors of the leaves. Riding down the road was like taking a trip into a painting. The leaves of the trees combined into a collage of loveliness. Every year the same beauty returned.
It was Friday Night at mom's house. We decided to play an old family game we used to play. We had so much fun, and it reminded me of old times. I decided to make this special and start a family game night weekly. Now that I have children, we still have family game night every Friday.
The baby was very small. He looked up at me with bright blue eyes. He kicked his little feet happily. I couldn't help but pick him up. He grinned from ear to ear.
Zoltan was a very rich man. He had all the tools to control people. One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.
Eric dreamed of developing a life simulation game. So he knew he had to practice programming. But he dreamed so much that he didn't practice. And he didn't develop the technical skills to create his game. Months later, he regret all the dreaming he did.
John didn't know anything about sports. He was invited to a superbowl party. John didn't know the teams or much about football. He was still excited enough to bet on the game. John picked a team by luck and won.
Alexa woke up one night to a crashing sound. This frightened her. She took a bat out and went downstairs to see what happened. Alexa saw her next to a mess of things. It turned out, her cat knocked some items off of the counter.
George had always wanted to go white water rafting. Everyone told him it was too dangerous. He saved and planned for this trip for three years. Following the rules, he fell off the raft but still had a great time! George told everyone if you follow the rules, it's not so dangerous.
I saw a deer crossing the street. I stopped walking, so as not to frighten it. I was amazed by how beautiful the deer was. The deer eventually left my view. I was so pleased to have seen such a beautiful animal.
Mitch read that there would be a big sale on TVs at a store. He camped out all night to be first in line for the deal. Once the doors opened he dashed to the electronics department. Another many fought Mitch for the TV's. Mitch put the other man in a sleeper hold to pacify him.
Jamie heard a scary noise. She peeked outside and saw someone trying to break into her house! She called the police and turned on the outdoor lights. The intruder ran away. Jamie was so scared!
Little Zayn was getting ready for his first day in preschool. He was feeling really shy and nervous. His dad reassured him that he wasn't the only one who was nervous. Zayn realized it was everyone else's first day too. Zayn felt better as he walked into class.
Terrance is walking down the street. He notices a meow coming from the bushes. He searches the bush. He finds a little kitty trapped in the bush. He takes it home to be his new pet.
John found a wallet on the street with $180 in it. The owner's contact information was inside. He called him to tell him where he could get his wallet. The man was so happy he gave John a reward. He gave him half the money that was in the wallet!
My sister-in-law's husband died in 2016. She was alone in a house in Boston. She decided to visit her younger sister in Greenfield. She liked it there, and contacted a realtor about buying a house. My wife thinks she will not like being so far away from the city.
I saw a crowd gathering outside the Apple computer store. I walked in closer to see what their whispering was all about. I looked over a teenagers shoulder as she stared down at her phone. I listened to her conversation and heard what they were discussing. I learned the graphic they were viewing was for the IPhone 12.
Hunter lost his first tooth. He couldn't wait to see what the Tooth Fairy would leave him. In the morning, however, his tooth was still under his pillow! His mother seemed particularly upset when he told her. She promised him the Tooth Fairy would come the next night.
Our apartment building walls are bare. Today I tried to brighten up the place. I printed an historic photo of the area. I tacked it up onto the wall. I am waiting to see when they take it down.
It didn't matter what he said. She wasn't going to listen. She covered her ears with her hands. She made a loud noise. He gave up trying to talk.
Sally was taking a guitar class at school. The teacher was laid back and the class wasn't structured. All you had to do was learn a whole packed of songs by the end. Sally decided to get it all done immediately. She finished the booklet in two days.
Drew has a biology test. He has not studied at all. He decided to pull an all nighter. When Drew got to school, he fell asleep. Drew ended up failing his test.
Sally has a big test tomorrow. She is worried because she hasn't studied yet. She would stay up tonight to study, but she is too tired too. Instead she will just hope that she gets a good grade. Sally is not very responsible.
Lana was diagnosed with Brain Cancer. She only has four months to live. Her family gathered around her for support. Lana was buried a year after the initial diagnosis. Lana is now resting in peace.
Josh was tired of writing so many short stories for his work. He had written over 200 short stories. His creativity was running out! Josh decided to take a lunch break to recuperate. After the break, he felt fresh and ready to write more stories.
One day, Ramesh met with an accident. It was a major accident and he lost a lot of blood. He was admitted into the hospital and blood transfusion was done. Thanks to the donor, who donated blood to Ramesh. Ramesh is now hale and healthy.
Bob went to the doctor. The doctor said bob was lacking in iron. The doctor said he needed iron supplements. Bob bought iron supplements. Bob's iron levels were soon up to normal levels.
I decided to rebuild my staircase. Alas, I didn't use reinforced wood. The staircase lasted for the first few week. Then, one day it collapsed. I had to hire a carpenter to fix the staircase.
I bought a retro toy called Fluffkin. I bought the purple haired doll home in its original box yesterday. I placed it on the mantle, hoping it would attract questions. My children have fallen in love with it, and asked to play with it. It ended up lying on the floor, covered in sticky stuff.
I wanted to buy a new water bottle, because mine was broken. I went to the store and looked through their selection. There were so many, but I wasn't sure I could find one I liked. Then, I found one in my favorite color, and it had a spout. I decided it was perfect and bought it.
Susie was in high school. She wanted to go on a college tour. So she went off to it. When she got there she liked it. She thought the area was nice.
Anna was going to school for the first day. She talked to all the kids in her class. Most of the children were happy to make new friends. They liked Anna's friendly demeanor. Over the next few weeks, she made a lot of new friends.
Ana's mom said she had a surprise that afternoon. All through school, Ana wondered what the surprise was. She raced home and ran through the front door. She stopped short when she saw her dad, home on shore leave. He had come two weeks early to surprise her!
My dog is a half wolf, half husky mix. She has very sharp teeth that got very dirty recently. I took her to the vet to get them professionally cleaned. I waited almost an hour for her to come out from the back room. When they finally came out, they said she did very well.
Hallie got a pair of pink rain boots. She wore them wore them when it was rainy. She wore them when it was sunny. They ended up giving her blisters on both her feet. She now only wears them when it is wet outside.
Hank got in an accident. His insurance company was very helpful. They explained all of the deductibles and costs he would pay. Once his car was fixed, he drove it around town. Hank was happy the insurance company had taken care of it all.
Henry was swimming inside the ocean. He did a few laps across both sides of the water. After a couple of minutes, he saw a couple of feces in the water. He tried to swim as fast as he can to the store. Some of the feces got stuck on his legs.
Perla ditched school and stole her dad's car. She drove all the way to Sacramento. Her dad called the cops on her. Perla saw a police car behind her and sped off. She crashed her car into a bridge and was arrested.
Jenny wanted her nails done. She asked her friend for a recommendation. Jenny visited the recommended nail shop. Jenny had her nails done there. Jenny was very happy with her new nails.
My friend and I play rock, paper, scissors all the time. We use this to settle everything. However, we begin to argue all the time. We accuse each other of cheating. However, we still play the game anyways.
My work made a mistake with my paycheck. They shorted me by one day. It happened at a bad time. My rent is due. I guess it will have to be late.
Tina was a shareholder. She was cheering for good earnings. When earnings were out they were great. Tina thought she would make money. Unfortunately she lost big time.
Josh was failing math. His teacher offered extra credit. He had to come in early and do a worksheet. He finished the sheet just before the first bell. Luckily, his score brought his grade up.
Ivy was fishing with her dad one day. She caught a strange fish. It looked inedible, so she was about to throw it back. Then her dad stopped her quickly. He told Ivy the fish was a delicious tuna!
Landon's family has a lake house. They spend many of their summers enjoy the lake. After Landon and her siblings grew up, they spent less time there. Her family decided it was not worth keeping without using it. Landon's family sold the lakehouse.
Throughout his career Quin was always doubted. He was told he wouldn't play on his high school team. When he got to Duke, they told him he was too small. When he graduated from Duke, he was told he wasn't good enough. Now he's an All-Star for the D-League and he hopes to make the NBA.
Kim's job was having a contest. Whoever could guess the number of gumballs in a jar would get $100. Since everyone only got one guess Kim took her time to count. She them all but tried to make an accurate guess. Kim lost the contest by 5 gumballs.
Joe was feeling nostalgic so he took a walk to his childhood home. Along the way he came across an ice cream stand. When he was a kid he used to always go there to cool down. He had forgotten about it, but now the memories came flooding back. An ice cream cone was the perfect way to sate his nostalgia.
My mother loves clocks that chime. Her house is full of them. She sets them each a little different so she can hear them chime. It sounds like a bell tower during a wedding in her house all day. When I visit I stop them or I'd never be able to sleep at night.
Chad was going down the stairs. Suddenly he fell. He fell down the stairs. His arms and legs hurt. He ended up going to the doctor.
Carol was shopping for new shoes. She found a beautiful red pair. She bought them at an expensive price. She went out on a date with them. She dropped a plate of spaghetti on them.
The Carter's went to the beach for every summer vacation. As the children got older, they lost interest in going to the beach. The family thought long and hard about what to do for vacation. They decided to go to a resort in Florida. The entire family had a good time vacationing in Florida.
One morning, Wendy woke up with a cold. Her throat was sore and her head hurt. She decided to spend the day taking care of herself. Wendy made herself chicken soup and a healthy fruit smoothie. The next morning, she felt much better.
A squire dreamed of being a knight. He worked hard as an apprentice. After many Years, the squire was tested on his skills. The squire passed the tests easily. The queen knighted him that very same day.
Gerold like to invent new things. He usually spent all his weekend in his garage inventing something. One day, he mixed the wrong ingredients together. The whole garage blew-up. Gerold died, but his invention was sought after by the government.
Christmas eve is an exciting time of the year. I love waiting, but also hate it. My parents usually give me a lot of cool gifts for Christmas. Last year my parents bought me an Apple Watch. Waiting for a gift makes the gift more exciting.
Mark wants to be able to do ten pull ups. Right now he can only do five. He wrote down a regimen and followed it. He started doing more and note pull ups. After a few months he was able to easily do ten pull ups.
Before the night ended, I had one more pizza delivery to make. I drove to the house of the person that ordered the food. When I was walking towards the front door, I tripped. Luckily, my but landed on the ground before my face. However, the pizza was ruined and I had to get a new one.
Jen had an older car. It burned a lot of oil. One day the check engine light flashed. She pulled over to check the oil. Jen's car had no oil.
The Goodwin family took a vacation to Point Reyes. They packed up all their things in the station wagon. Papa Goodwin filled the gas tank and Mama checked the map. The family drove for hours until they reached Point Reyes. Everyone enjoyed a fun vacation in the fog.
Daniel always wanted to shoot a gun. One day his friends took him to the shooting range. He didn't know much about them. He accidentally pointed one at a friend. It went off and shot the friend dead on the spot.
After months of building credit, Bob bought a new car. Bob was very proud of his new car. He loved to just go for a drive around town. One day, he was driving and got hit by another car. Luckily, he was not hurt, and his insurance paid for the repairs.
The Pazzles Pizza opened last week on fifth and broadway. The Pozzilli family worked hard to make the parlor a success. Shortly after opening, many of the diners got food poisoning. Turns out it was  bad batch of meat from the manufacturer. It took several months for the Pazzles to recover financially.
Laura wanted to swim. She was told not to go in the lake because it was too cold. Laura thought it was warm enough, so she jumped in the lake. The lake was very cold and she got chilled. Laura ended up shivering, wrapped in a blanket for hours.
The Turner family goes on a camping trip every year. This year they decided to camp in the mountains. Unfortunately, Mr Turner was called into work for a business meeting. The camping trip was delayed for a day. However, the camping trip was successfully despite the delay.
Jen decided to get remarried after a 30 year break. She wondered how she could use her original dress. She took it to the dressmaker who gave detailed instructions. Jen took the dress back home and thought about the advice. She ignored the advice, put the dress in the washer and it was fine.
Jeff needed his car repaired. And a coworker offered to do the repair for a low cost. Jeff was hesitant but accepted. A week later, though, his car needed to be repaired again. But this time, Jeff went to a certified mechanic.
The doctor came into the room looking rather grim. He picked up the patient's file and read it. The doctor told the patient that he was going to die. The patient became quite sad. The doctor put down the file and left the room.
Elena needed to find work. She applied at a jazz venue that served drinks. She was hired. She enjoyed working there. She was thankful to the jazz club.
Elijah apologized to the old woman for bumping into her. The woman said he would have to pay for her medical bills. Elijah was in disbelief, and said she hadn't even fallen. The woman said she might bruise though. Elijah cursed her out, and ran away, realizing he hated old people.
Rita went swimming in the beach. She swam as far as she could go. However to her surprise she saw a shark. The lifeguard told her to get out. She immediately got out of the water.
Gina was in the kitchen looking for a snack. Her sister ran past her into the living room. Gina didn't want to tell her mom she lost her key. But her little sister was doing just that. Gina froze waiting to hear her mother yell her name.
Jason had dreams of making the high school basketball team. His peers made fun of him for having this dream, since he was short. He decided he was going to prove them wrong. Jason practiced for months before try-outs. He impressed the coaches and made the team.
Rana was visiting a strange country on her own. She was nervous about getting lost. She decided to join a tour group. The group went on all kinds of fun excursions, and Rana loved it. She had a great time and she never got lost!
My three year old cousin came to visit. She found my sewing supplies and pulled out a needle. I told her to put it down, but she wouldn't listen. She stabbed me in the leg with the straight pin. It hurt very badly, and bled quite a bit.
Bob's Dell IPS monitor got smashed in his move. When he turned it on he saw a huge spiderweb indent at the bottom. Bob was really bummed because he liked that monitor. Bob took the monitor off the mount with great sadness. He improperly disposed of it in the dumpster when no one was watching.
Kelley wished she could draw a beautiful horse for her mother. She tried a few times and failed miserably. She found a video on the internet that taught her how to draw one. She watched the video and practiced a lot. Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother.
Kayla loved making things in the kitchen. She made different food combinations involving eggs. She put potatoes and sausage in eggs. She ate the meal she had cooked. She thought it was delicious.
Jason started to feel awful. His body ached and he felt very tired. He stayed home from work, but wasn't getting any better. Jason went to the doctors. Jason learned that he had the flu.
Kim loved animals. Her parents took her to a petting zoo. Kim was excited and played with all the animals. She fed several as well. Kim didn't want to leave at closing time.
Tom was good at playing darts. He played all the time at a local bar. One day he was playing without paying attention. He let a dart go towards the board carelessly. The dart flew passed the board and into someone's drink.
The first time I had seen a horse I was awestruck. It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating. I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted. We went through woods and valleys with a steady stride. Although I had been scared, it was an amazing experience.
One of my ex coworkers had a ten year affair. Her affair was recently exposed. The man left her and went back to his wife. Recently she posted a hotel room photo suggesting otherwise. The photo has people gossiping.
I play 3 minute speed chess online. I am a 1200 to 1300 player. I was playing an 1100 player. My opponent kept winning. I reported him for using a computer and he was banned.
My cousin hosted a barbecue at her house. The family prepared food outside of the house. They were often disturbed by the flies. Ian took out a plate of food. When he left to go for a napkin, flies surrounded the food.
Ally needed to run into the grocery store. The only parking spaces were really far away. There was one handicapped space available. Ally parked in one of the handicapped space. Ally got a parking ticket.
The couple ate at a restaurant in Puerto Rico. They had the most amazing coffee! WHen they returned, they kept talking about how delicious it had been. They tried to buy it online, but couldn't find it. They decided to plan another trip just to get more!
Allie was staying after school. She ended up missing the first bus. She then got on the late bus. Unfortunately no one else was on it. Allie was then kind of scared.
Frank was headed home last night. He stopped when he saw a group of raccoons in the street. Being afraid of raccoons, he took a different route home. It took him ten extra minutes to get back. But at least he avoided the raccoons.
Kyle had a hobby of collecting bottles. There was one significant find he'd yet to obtain. A green glass bottle with the perfect width. He unexpectedly found it online for sale. Kyle could finally achieve his dream of a ship in a bottle.
We put our condo up for sale in 2013. We had an open house. Several people attended. We got only one offer. It was lower than our asking price but we accepted it.
Rob took his son fishing. The went out in the boat in the pond. Rob helped his son cast his line. The little boy threw out the line and felt a tug. He caught a five pound catfish!
Katie had to go for her annual doctor's appointment. She drove down to her doctors office. The doctor ordered a blood test. Her doctor called her with results. Katie was informed her cholesterol was high.
My coworker Sheila was thin when she started in 1985. She was attractive and dated several men. In 1990 she married and left our workplace. She came by to visit in 1995, 40 pounds heavier. Her old boyfriends were shocked.
Kia had just discovered that she had osteosarcoma. The bone cancer had been discovered in her left leg. She had to have surgery to amputate it! She was scared but determined as she went under the knife. Afterwards, her doctor said Kia was officially cancer-free!
A construction worker was assigned to paint lines in the parking lot. He started off normal but felt like being artistic. He drew a beautiful pattern that was very unlike a parking lot. He even signed his name at the bottom corner of the lot. People walked by and thought he was a performance artist.
Anna found a great table at a garage sale. But one of the legs was wobbly. It was slightly shorter than the other legs. Anna was able to secure an inch of wood to even out the legs. She was proud of her handy craftsmanship!
I had lunch with my coworkers today. We got some fast food Everyone ordered a hamburger. We all picked the same toppings. It was weird but interesting.
Kelly and Pat were watching TV. Kelly started hiccuping. Pat told Kelly that swallowing a drink upside down got rid of hiccups. Kelly took a drink of water and swallowed it upside down. Kelly's hiccups went away.
Gina was walking along the road. A rock flew towards her when a car drove by. It hit her in the head. She fell to the ground and started crying. A stranger stopped to help her.
Mike's birthday is in two weeks. We are planning him a big party. We have sent invitations to all of his friends. Most have already replied they will be there. It will be the biggest party Mike has ever had.
Amber really wanted a puppy. She had never had a pet before. She begged her parents to get her one. Her parents refused. Finally her parents agreed to buy her one.
Cody smoked with his friends. His parents didn't know. Cody accidently left a lighter in his pockets. His mother found the lighter in his pocket doing the laundry. Cody was grounded for smoking.
Jack was attending the performance of a play in his small town. Jack's friend was the lead actor in the play. There was a party after the play for the performers. Jack's friend invited him to the party. Jack spent the night partying with the cast.
Alan was bringing his son to school. His son forgot to bring his backpack. Alan dropped his son off at school. He drove home to get the backpack. Alan returned to school with the backpack.
Louis was very concerned when his mother didn't show up for lunch. He waited and waited but no mom. Finally he called her. She asked where he was. She was waiting at a different restaurant!
Marsha went to school every day to learn. She loved to go to school and see her friends. She got to go on a field trip with the school. She was happy her friends got to go with her. Marsha learned a lot by going on the field trip.
Bill was looking forward to a quiet weekend at home. His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down. Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car. He was going to spend his weekend traveling. Bill fixed her car but missed out on the quiet weekend.
Art has been smoking since he was 16. Art is now 50 years old and has a bad cough. His first grandchild was born just a few days ago. Art was afraid he would not get to see his grandchild grow up. He decided right away to quit smoking for good.
There was a raffle at Amy's job. She won several entries, but expected nothing. When the names were called Amy was shocked to hear she won a laptop. When her boss saw her laughing he asked what was funny. She explained she never expected to win and bought a laptop a week ago.
I saved money for a playstation for months. I drove to the store and bought a playstation. I bought the playstation home and installed it. When I tried to turn it on, I noticed it was broken. I took the playstation back to the store and got a replacement.
Jim decided to be a rockstar. He went out and bought a guitar. Then he sat down to write a song. He couldn't play the guitar. Jim signed up for guitar lessons.
Kim and Beth wanted to see SNL while in NYC. They went online to get tickets but couldn't get any. Kim and Beth decided to wait in the standby line. The girls stood in the standby line for 3 hours. Finally they gave up and watched the show from their hotel.
Tom was drinking at a local bar. He figured he would just have a couple of beers. As time went by he kept saying he would have only one more. One more turned into half a dozen. Tim had to be carried to a taxi.
Sam walked into the kitchen. He noticed a toy figure on the counter. As soon as he touched it, all of the parts fell. His brother was extremely mad at me since it was for a project. At this moment, peter wasn't concerned about the figure anymore.
Carla was never interested in history. That changed when she entered Mr Madison's class. She slowly started wanting to learn more about history. She studied history in her college. She became a history teacher.
Maggie had been taken back to the pound by her previous owner. She is not a friendly cat. One day a man walked into the pound. It was love at first site. The man took her home and gave her a place to live.
My old car was not working anymore. I decided I would get a new one. I went to the dealership. I listened to the salesman's pitch. He helped me find the car or my dreams!
Cleo went to the beach with her friends. She and her friends built a sand castle near the surf. They decorated it with feathers and shells they gathered. A large wave rolled in. Cleo, her friends and the sand castle were all knocked over.
Josie is a friend of mine from college. She was recently visiting my city. She called me to let me know and asked if we could get coffee. We met at a corner cafe near my house. It was great to catch up with my friend Josie.
Jack could not wait to see the moon tonight. He set up his telescope on the front porch. The sky began to get cloudy. It was difficult to see the moon for a few minutes. The sky soon cleared for Jack to enjoy the moon.
Lucy was waiting for a train. She had three heavy bags with her. Finally the train pulled into the station. A train attendant helped put her bags on the train. Lucy left the station aboard the train.
Carla tried to jog with her friend. Since her friend was anemic, she had trouble keeping up with Carla. After the second lap, she fell to the ground. Carla helped her do breathing exercises. Her friend eventually started to breathe normally.
Dick was a very silent man. He was at work one day minding his business. A co worker decided to plan a prank on Dick. They spiked his Coffee with laxatives. Dick lost all control of his bowel movements and rushed to the bathroom.
Paul goes to church every Sunday morning. On one particular Sunday, Paul was feeling very ill. He was determined to go to church anyway. Paul got out of bed and made it to church. After coming home Paul was tired but satisfied
Gina's brother hid his rap music from their mom. But now Gina couldn't listen either. One day when he was gone she searched till she found them. She took them to their mom. Gina decided if she couldn't listen, neither would he.
Fernando was known for his nickname, shorty. He got it by being very short. He used it everywhere, even for job interviews. He never got a job with it. So he decided to stop using it.
I eat a lot of snacks. Sometimes I eat snacks for my meals. This time was no different. I decided to bring carrots. My high school kids still wanted my food.
Doug moved his piece into check. Greg informed Doug of his mistake. Doug took the move back. Doug could not find any other good moves. Doug conceded the game to Greg.
Charlie was into rapping. His friend, randy started getting into it as well He challenged him to a rap battle. They made it an event. Randy ended up winning
Sue had a bad habit. She chewed her nails. She could not stop. He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth. Once she did that she never chewed her nails again.
Amy was having a baby. She was really weird. Her baby popped out and flew across the room. It hit the doctor square in the mouth, busting two teeth. The doctor had to make an emergency dental appointment.
Bob wanted to smoke a cigarette. However, he forgot his lighter. He went to his friend and asked for one. His friend said he doesn't have one. Bob knows his friend has one however.
Rosie was trying to lose weight before her high school reunion. She was laid off at work one day, totally out of the blue. When she got home, she ate an entire cake and a pint of ice cream. She cried in the mirror, realizing her new dress wouldn't fit. She began her diet again, but decided to skip the reunion.
Jared was a huge muscle car fanatic. He had always dreamed of owning a 1970 GTO. On his sixteenth birthday his parents told him to go outside. Jared couldn't breathe, he couldn't believe what he saw. It was a perfect 1970 GTO just like Jared dreamed of.
The blacksmith took the glowing metal out of the fire. He held it with his pliers and placed it on the anvil. The hammer blows rang through his shop. The metal took the form he wanted. He plunged the form I you a bucket of water with a satisfying hiss.
Jose loved to read under a maple tree in his yard. One day, a very bad storm hit Jose's town. The maple tree in the yard fell over from the storm's wind. Jose was sad he lost his favorite place to read. Seeing Jose's sadness, his mother helped him plant a new maple tree.
Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army. In one battle, a cannon blew off his leg. He screamed and he yelled, because the pain was intense. A doctor sawed off his mangled limb and bandaged his stump. He was sent back to the front with a wooden prosthesis.
A group of thieves broke into the house. They aimed a gun at the family in order to keep them still. One of the thieves approached the kitchen. He took several supplies, including a purpose. When he ran out, the rest of the thieves followed him.
Twenty men sat in a sauna. It was very hot and they were all sweating. Jim stood up and asked why they were there. Mark just shrugged and told him to put his towel back on. Jim just shook his head and walked out.
The Jackson's decided to go to the city for a day of shopping. When they arrived, they were surprised to find a sale was going on. It was a sale on shoes! The family was very excited and bought as much as they could carry. The Jackson's were happy that they went to the city today.
Limbo Jackson was an entertainer. He had insurance on his voice. One day he had a sore throat. His voice changed forever. Now he's poor.
Tim got his chemistry book out and started studying for a test. He studied the first five chapters and took a break. After the break, he studied the last five chapters. He wrote down all the main points. He closed his book and went home.
Amy was going to the Minnesota State Fair. She had been waiting all year for the 2 weeks the fair is in town. She drove to the park and ride station. An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken. Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus.
Kate and her friend were at the food court at the mall. This was the first time she was able to choose her own meal. There were so many places to choose from. She hadn't realized how hard it was to choose just one place. In the end she got a sub and decided to get a burger to go.
Ben had to wait a half an hour to get inside of his school. The traffic continued until he arrived to the parking lot. Although most of his class ended, he still went. The teacher looked at him with a strange expression. He simply ignored her.
My mom reminded me to take out the trash tonight. Since I was studying late at night, I forgot. The next day, the garbage truck rode across the neighborhood. It passed my house since the trash cans were not out. My mom was mad when I told her that I forgot.
George wanted to play a video game. His mom informed him that he needed to do his chores. George cleaned his bedroom. George did the dishes. George was able to play his video game.
Sally rode her bike to school. She was 10 minutes away when it started to rain. Sally stopped under some cover until the rain stopped. She left again as soon as it did. Sally was late for school, but mostly dry.
I left early this morning to get my dog's pill. I got to the vet's office before they opened. I waited in the parking lot for them to unlock the door. I went inside and paid for a heartworm pill. I took her for ice cream on the way home.
When I was seven Years old my dad went on an errand. He claimed he was just going to the store for some groceries. I fell asleep before he got back. The next morning I realized he still wasn't back. My mom and I never really talked about it after that.
Kay was on the phone with her friend Beth. Beth was telling her about a date she went on the day before. Just as she got to the good part the call dropped. Kay tried to call Beth back but there was no answer. Kay cursed the phone for dropping at such an important part.
As a child, And always hated reptiles. The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared. One day, And visited a reptile expo. There, Ain't gotta hold many cool looking reptiles. Now, And loves reptiles and even owns a snake and pet lizard.
Doug was hungry for soup. He looked up a cage to eat at. He read soup reviews. He picked a cafe. He ate some soup there.
It was time for my bi-annual check up at the dentist. The dentist did an x-ray and found out I have a cavity. My parents gave me a lecture on how I should brush my teeth more. Then the dentist lecture me as well and told me I need a filling. The whole process was painless, but time consuming.
Art occasionally saw passengers in other cars with head bandages. The bandages completely encircled the heads and looked weird. It reminded him of mummies that he had seen in the movies. When he turned 50 he had a face-lift. When he got home, he realized he looked just like those passengers.
Tim had been asked to work late every day for a week. He had agreed even though he hated it. On payday, he opened his check. He gasped when he saw the dollar amount. Now he was so glad he'd put in all that overtime!
Neil had just entered Bhutan. He checked into his hotel. Then he slept for ten hours. In the morning, he rose early and set out on his own. He was ready and eager to start exploring Bhutan!
Max took a train to his grandmother's house. He had never been on a train before, so he was excited. When he got his seat on the train, he fell asleep. When he awoke, the trip was over and he felt like he missed something. On the return trip, Max made sure he stayed awake.
I wanted to eat a healthier salad. I put olive oil all over it. I added some hard-boiled eggs. I mixed in some blueberries. In the end, I couldn't finish the meal.
Brian has always wanted to go to Florida. Brian decided to pack up his items before summer ended. He got a good deal on a plane ticket to Florida both ways. He took off to Florida the week after buying said tickets. He landed in Florida and decided that he never wants to leave.
Lucy wanted to visit her grandmother. She decided to travel to her grandmother's house by train. She bought her ticket and boarded the train. After several hours, she arrived at the station. Lucy was glad that she could travel so easily to see her grandmother.
A house had a rat problem. So the owner put down traps before he went to bed one night. The next morning, he found the bait gone, but no rat caught. He was infuriated. This was mostly because he found the trap by stepping on it.
Lucy's grandma insisted Lucy clean her room. Lucy hated to clean, but she had no choice. She rearranged a few things, and vacuumed the floor. She was certain her grandma would be impressed by her work. Her grandma was not impressed and cleaned the room again.
Tyler was expecting an important package. He waited by the mailbox for it every day. Finally, the mailman came one day with the package. Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it. He was pleased to receive the item he had ordered.
My friend Jim makes his own mead. He mixes honey with yeast. One day he thought he had a bad batch. He was going to dump it but forgot. A month later he found the batch had matured into good mead.
Marty must choose between two schools. His first choice is Harvard. His second Choice is Brown. Marty received his letters in the mail. He was elated that he got accepted to both.
The children loved to play video games all day long. Mum really wanted them to go outside and enjoy the fresh air instead. She had to bribe them with treats to get them out the door. As soon as they stepped outside the thunder and lightning started. Mum gave in and let them back inside to play video games.
The man boarded a flight. He was seated next to a woman. He talked to the woman. They got along. He had a date with her at the destination.
Libby was afraid of roller coasters. All her friends wanted to go on the biggest one at Six Flags. She did not want to stay on the ground. She decided to conquer her fears. She went on the roller coaster and had a great time.
The popular girls at school didn't invite Sue to their party. Sue heard them raving about eating a so-called dirt cake. She looked for the recipe and got an idea. The next day, Sue set her own dirt cake on the girls' lunch table. She smiled as they dug into the cake, made with a spoon of real dirt.
The family was learning to make Chinese food. They bought a wok. They practiced stir-frying their food for hours. Finally, they perfected it. The food was crisp and fresh.
Lewis and Lucy were playing hide and go seek. Lucy's favorite hiding spot was an old oak wardrobe. There were so many clothes it was easy to stay hidden. Lewis kept calling Lucy's name, but she wouldn't fall for that. Once again, Lucy won the game.
Beth really wanted to get her dad a wonderful birthday present. She usually got him ties, but wanted to go with something different. But no matter how she tried, she couldn't think of something else. She got him his normal tie, and was worried he'd be disappointed. He promised he would love anything she gave him, just because of her.
Sam saw his brother Barry eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich. He thought it was the grossest thing he ever saw. Barry told Sam to try it himself, but Sam refused. After many weeks, Sam reluctantly agreed to take a bite. Sam now eats peanut butter and banana sandwiches every week.
Two friends got together to make a secret handshake. They started out simple and began to add more to it. The ended up with a very complex handshake. It was hard for the friends to remember. They forgot most of it the next time they tried it.
I ordered peonies for my girlfriend for Valentines day. I was so excited for her to get them. But when they arrived they all looked dead. I was so disappointed so I called and complained. They sent a new batch out the next day that were so great.
Mary was pregnant. Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound. The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great. Mary and her husband were confused to what that meant. To their surprise, the technician told them they were having twins.
Cody went to the kitchen to wash dishes. To his surprise the kitchen was flooded! He opened the cabinet under the sink to investigate. The inside of the cabinet was completely waterlogged. Unfortunately, a pipe burst in the middle of the night.
Tom needed to buy a new car. He hated dealing with car salesmen. He researched exactly what he wanted and at what price. Tom was clear and direct at the dealership. It helped get him his car without much trouble.
I was riding on the bus today. A person bumped into me. The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur I screamed to the bus driver to not let him off. The bus driver kept the door closed till the police came.
I wanted to buy headphones. So I settled for something cheap. The headphones didn't have a comfortable fit. And they didn't sound as good as I thought they would. I decided to always save up instead.
Allie was going to a baseball game. She hated sports. But she felt like she had no choice. So she went with her friends but hated it. She just sat there bored for hours.
Harris was in a band with his best friends. The only problem was he had gotten better then all of them. They did it for fun but he actually had a chance to make it big. He knew the only way was to join a better band. His friends understood and still came to all of his shows.
Jim wanted to open up a taco truck. He bought a used truck off of craigslist. Jim refurbished the truck to fit a kitchen. He started selling tacos on the street. Jim's business became successful and he became rich.
My back was feeling bad today. I went to an acupuncture to help me out. The man placed needles in me to cure my pain. On one of the needles, he placed the needle a little too deep. This caused me to jump and I left in even worse pain.
Don loved meat. He ordered a burger at a restaurant. The waiter came over with a salad. Don was disgusted because he hated vegetables. He yelled at the poor waiter.
Dennis was cleaning up his baby's toys. He found a soft toy duck that was soaking wet. He couldn't even tell what had made the duck wet. To be safe, he threw it in the wash. Luckily it came out perfectly clean.
Ashley wasn't feeling well. She called her mom to pick her up from school. Her mom picked her up. Ashley's mom brought Ashley to the doctor's office. Ashley was given a shot.
There were five of us that summer, and we decided to start a club. Our names were Chere, Heather, Adrienne, MiMi and Paula. It seemed only natural to use our first letters and go with "CHAMP." CHAMP met daily in a tree house in an oak tree in the woods nearby. That summer was one of secrets, games and adventures because of CHAMP.
Last Tuesday I had quite the adventure! Like most Tuesdays, this Tuesday morning was devoted to errands. As I went throughout the day, it seemed people were cheering me on. I took their smiles and greetings in stride, believing it was the sun! Turns out their enthusiasm was due to the scarf hanging like a cape.
Graham was on a school trip. His class was at the fire station. Graham got to meet a firefighter. He was really excited to try the man's hat on. He loved the experience and it made him want to be a firefighter.
Danny was late for work. He was rushing down the road hoping to make it in time. Suddenly a police officer ushered him to stop. Someone had crashed creating a road block. Danny yelled but it was no use, he would be late.
Sara was going to work one morning. As she was getting closer to her job, she saw smoke. She could not figure out where it was coming from. She finally got closer. A car had caught on fire.
Copper was my first cat. He was a persian with long hair and large copper colored spots. He disappeared only a month after I got him, and I looked for days. I was very sad that Copper was lost, until he showed up months later. I never let him go back outside after that day.
George loved to eat Italian food. He would eat pasta every day. He started dating a girl that was a great cook. She made him a great pasta dish. George ate so much of the pasta he felt sick!
It was a school day and I was reading a book. A boy came over and said they like the book as well. We start talking about the book. The boy introduce himself and I introduce myself. We became friends instantly.
Sal had a toga party with his friends. After the party, he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often. He wore his toga to the grocery store to buy bread. The clerk asked him if he was in a play or something. Sal tried to think of a witty retort, but failed.
It was Isabella's first day at school. She thought she was going to like it. When the bus drove away she started crying. All she wanted was her mother. It was a rough start to the school year.
John took over the failing network. He changed the lineup and added a lot of new shows. The fans of the network didn't want to watch anymore. Soon, the situation was even worse than before! The execs fired John and found someone new.
Hunter was a math tutor at school. He helped many kids learn math. One day he could not figure out how to do a math problem. He had to ask a teacher for help. Hunter was embarrassed that he did not know the questions answer.
Kate decided she wanted pasta for lunch. When she arrived there was no sign above the door. She peeked inside and saw soot stains and fire damage. Online she found out they had a fire 2 months ago. Kate was shocked to find they were closed due to the damage.
Fred listened to the radio as she drove home. The radio announcer said that the big one was coming. Fred drove quickly home once he heard this. He ran from his car into his bomb shelter. He bolted the door behind him and waited for the big one to come.
My son bought us a Roku a few years ago. We used it to watch movies on Netflix and Amazon. We never liked the small remote control. My son told us there was a mobile app for Roku. Now we are happy to use our phones to operate the Roku.
Kevin's teacher offered an extra credit assignment. The students were to volunteer at a soup kitchen. Kevin needed the extra points, so he took the assignment. He volunteered at the soup kitchen. He felt so good about it, he began to regularly volunteer.
My father just got laid off from work. This was weird for me because I never saw my Dad so depress. He just filled out job applications and stared at his computer Things seemed hopeless for a little while. Fortunately, my dad was able to bounce back.
The restaurant had been open a week. It was getting great reviews! The bar was always full of people waiting for tables. The restaurant decided to open a second location. They were thrilled with their success!
One year I went on a crash diet for Lent. I skipped lunch and ate very small portions. The last week of the diet I ate only one meal a day. I managed to lose 20 pounds. I ate a lot of food on Easter.
Mark and Jo were brainstorming ideas for a children's show. Mark suggested that a monster attacks the children. Jo laughed because he thought Mark was joking. Mark was confused because he thought it was a great idea. Mark left in a huff for having his ideas mocked.
Bob wanted to go to Paris. He booked a ticket and packed his bags. The flight was delayed. Luckily, the airline offered Bob a refund. Bob accepted the refund and never went to Paris.
Rudy is having his favorite coffee from starbucks. While sipping into his coffee he feels a pain. A pain in his jaw that is unbearable. Rudy rushes and looks into a mirror. He sees a huge cavity in his mouth and heads to the dentist.
Jake was driving He was on the highway. He started looking at his radio. He veered to the side of the lane. Jake hit another car and both crashed.
School was almost starting. Michael didn't want school to start. Luckily there was a hurricane passing nearby. His school ended up being closed. Michael was happy.
Howard and Pete were arguing. Pete said he could beat Howard at thumb war. They decided to play a game. They put their hands together and played for five minutes. Howard ended up beating Pete.
Barbara bought her first computer for school. She was familiar with using her brother's computer. He set it up for her. When she used it for the first time, she found a surprise. He made her desktop background a picture of Justin Bieber.
Jon has an exam in one week. He is procrastinating on studying for it. He knows that he needs to study soon. He ends up sleeping through the exam. He finally gets to the exam and bombs it.
Ed's mom was going to pay him ten dollars to shovel snow. Ed got ten friends to come and help him. He offered to pay them ten cents apiece to help. They seemed to get it done in practically no time at all. He made four dollars profit for no work.
Our new neighbors moved in last week. They are a lesbian couple, with a 10-year-old son. We invited them over for a pool party. To our amazement, one of the women stripped and jumped in naked! We were even more shocked when her son did the same thing.
Tom was out hiking in the woods. He fell and broke his leg. Tom could barely walk. He made a splint out of some wood and straps. Tom was able to limp his way back.
Tom was driving a friend. They couldn't decide what to listen to. They both wanted their own playlist. Eventually the driver had to take authority. Tom picked his own playlist and his friend was forced to listen.
Zachary wanted to adopt the lost puppy he found. His parents disagreed with this idea. He had to look for a new home for the puppy. He offered the puppy to his elderly neighbor. The neighbor agreed to keep the puppy.
My toddler son loves the family finger song. He requests to listen to it everyday. I have it stuck in my head all the time as a result. Sometimes I sing it out loud in front of my husband. As a result my husband sometimes thinks I'm crazy.
Carla was going swimming. She laughed while in the water. Water got into her mouth. Carla choked on the water. She climbed out of the water and rested for a while.
Jenny's dog was hungry. Jenny went to feed the dog. Jenny realized there was no dog food. Jenny gave the dog leftover white rice. The dog ate and enjoyed the food.
Jay was pulled over for speeding. He was upset over the whole thing. The cop was going to give him a warning. Jay kept instigating and insulting. The cop decided to give jay a ticket after all.
Some stray dogs were in Joe's backyard. He yelled at them to leave but they wouldn't. He tried to scare them but the still wouldn't leave. He threw his shoe at them. One dog picked it up and ran away.
Lying in bed, Javier remembers that he didn't brush his teeth. He knows he should brush them before going to bed. He gets up and brushes his teeth. Then he returns to bed. Javier is glad he brushed his teeth.
The people were angry at the government. They wanted the laws to change. The people protested outside the capitol. The government was surprised at their passion. Eventually the government started to make changes.
Tim was changing his contact lenses. He accidentally dropped one on the floor. He looked around everywhere for it. It took him a long time to find it. By the time he finally got it the contact lens was too dry.
Ben was about to meet his girlfriend's parents for the first time. He felt nervous because they were very successful and he wasn't yet. That night, his girlfriend drove him to their house. Ben introduced himself to them, and they were kind and laid back. He was relieved that they were not like he expected.
Nat installed her new weather station with happy anticipation. It predicted a mostly sunny day for tomorrow. The day after had a forecast of clouds and high winds. The weather station then calmly predicted the apocalypse. Nat decided just looking outside was good enough after all.
Claire lived on a farm in Iowa. Her dad said a newborn pig was abandoned by its mother. Claire's dad let her keep the piglet in their house. She fed the milk from a tiny bottle. The piglet grew until it was able to go back outside to the pen.
Bob heard from a reliable co-worker that Diane was going to be fired. Bob wrestled with the decision whether to alert Diane to this news. Bob decided to tell her. He sent her an email letting her know her job was in jeopardy. Diane responded by telling Bob that she already secured another job!
Jess needed new clothes. She told her mom. They went on a shopping spree. Jess was able to get new outfits. She was glad her mom took her.
Jim had his big grand opening dinner for his store that evening. He wanted it to be special and had worked hard on each detail. Jim became hungry, running around preparing, and ate a hot dog. He was all ready to go, got in his car, and his stomach lurched. Because of the bad hot dog, Jim had to miss his grand dinner.
I told my friend Jill about Sausage being gross. She didn't believe me. I researched and compiled all the articles on pork. Pork gives you cancer she squealed. I never saw her eat sausage again.
Liza was working upstairs when the smoke detector went off. She ran downstairs to find heavy smoke. She went into the kitchen and the dishwasher was on fire. She put the fire out with the fire extinguisher. No one was hurt but the dishwasher was destroyed.
The Store Amy worked at was having a big sale. Amy told a co-worker she wanted to buy a new coat. The co-worker told Amy to hide on in her department, lest the sell out Amy felt uneasy about hiding merchandise at work. She decided she would simply take her chances.
I found one hundred dollars on the ground. I tried to figure out what I should do with it. I realized that if I bought lotto tickets, I could get more money. I bought 100 dollars worth of lotto tickets. I won nothing and realized I wasn't very smart with my money.
Molly couldn't sleep. She had watched a very scary movie! Every time she closed her eyes, she saw a monster. She tossed and turned all night. In the morning, she felt terrible.
Molly kept the dog treats in a jar on the counter. Each morning both of her dogs got one treat each. One day when she came home from work the jar was broken on the ground. The dogs had eaten every treat. Molly kept the treats on top of the refrigerator from then on.
His truck died on the road. He got out and pushed it over to the side. As he sat there, he tried to find someone to call. He called his uncle. His uncle helped him push the truck to safety.
Matt loved working on his car. But he kept it in his garage because he lived in a dangerous area. One day, he had the car repainted and got new rims. But someone saw him driving it home. The person broke into Matt's garage and stole his car.
Brandy had a nice phone. Brandy's phone did not have a case. One day Brandy dropped her phone on the concrete. The phone screen broke in little pieces. Brandy bought a new phone with a case the next day.
I went to lunch with an old friend yesterday. I had a photo taken of us, using his phone. I asked my friend to email me the photo. He tried twice but I did not get the photo. Finally I gave him another email address and got the photo.
Amy and Beth went on a Hayride at the pumpkin patch. They had never been on one. As they rode Beth realized this was boring. When it ended they pretended like they had fun. They didn't want to disappoint Amy's mom who suggested the Hayride.
Tom was at work moving boxes. He tried picking one up that was too heavy. Tom's back went out on him. He had to go on unemployment. Tom's recovery took a long time.
One of my kidneys stopped working. When it stopped, it left a taste like pennies in my mouth. When the doctor ran scans, he could see my right kidney was huge. He said my left kidney was the size of a peanut. He told me the right kidney was trying to make up for it.
Charlie bought a new car. He was driving out of the dealership. He took a turn too fast and hit a car. His new car was extremely damaged. Charlie felt very badly about what he had done.
I ran my first half-marathon this fall. I spent many months training for the race. I hurt my back, and thought I couldn't run. My doctor gave me exercises to get stronger. On the day of the race, I finished with a personal best!
Yesterday at the end of my work shift I was cleaning the store. After cleaning I noticed a woman sitting on the bench out front. I watched her lean over and lay down on the bench. She vomited all over and continued to lay on the bench. I quickly locked up the store and left.
When I was a little girl, I loved to play with Barbie dolls. Barbie had lots of clothes and accessories and things to do. She had jobs, hobbies, chores and dates that required a gown. Everything came easy for Barbie, one simply had to change her clothes. In real life, one cannot change clothes and assume another identity.
Joe bought a huge pack of gum. He shoved it all in his mouth and chewed it. Cierra told him a hilarious joke. The gum fell out of his mouth and onto the shag carpet. It made a huge mess and ruined the carpet.
Larry is a single man. He wants to change that. He heads to the bar. He sees three women there he likes. He is turned down by all of them.
I made sure to arrive early at the movies. It was the new star wars movie. I'm glad that I did arrive early. As soon as I got in line, everyone started to come. The line eventually got ridiculously long.
Ted took his entire family to the park for a fun day. The family decided to go canoeing down the park's main river. While in the canoe, Ted's youngest daughter fell out. Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter. At the last moment, Ted got hold of his child and pulled her to safety
Amy and her friends stayed up all night. They decided to see how long they could stay up. They were laying on the floor in Lynn's room talking. Before long Amy heard snoring. She looked over to see both of the girls fell asleep as she talked.
My family was on vacation in Florida. We had decided to spend the day taking a glass bottom boat tour. We got on the ship and headed downstairs. The entire trip the water was cloudy and we did not see much. We left the tour feeling disappointed.
Dan had a very fine cobblestone walkway. Some of the stones had started to jut out unevenly. Dan got out a shovel and leveled the dirt under them. He tamped them down gently to make them all match. Now the stones in Dan's walkway are all perfectly even.
Joe woke up to see that his car was snowed in. Joe put on his warm cloths to go outside. Joe went outside and got his snow shovel. Joe worked for a long time shoveling the snow. Joe was proud when he saw he had cleared his car out.
Benji wanted to adopt a new puppy for his birthday. Benji met with several different puppies at the shelter. Benjis favorite puppy  was a small black puppy with a wiggly tail. Benji decided to adopt the black puppy. Benji named his new puppy banjo.
Tamara wrote her first novel last year. And she managed to find a publisher to back her up. When she got home today, she was more than happy. There was a box waiting for her at her door. When she opened it, it was the first copy of her book.
helen loved all of her children but her oldest son was a problem. He was in and out of prison his whole life and Helen felt responsible. She was a good mother but he was just destined for problems. One day he came to his mother and apologized for disappointing her. He changed his ways after that and Helen could forgive herself.
Ray took a big sack of loose change to the bank to cash in. The teller wouldn't accept them unwrapped. Ray then went to a coin counting machine and tossed in his money. He got a printout of his money and handed it to the teller. The teller handed Ray back $50 in cash.
Jack didn't like his roommate. Jack's roommate is very rude all the time. Jack deals with it anyways. However Jack roommate went too far by leaving his clothes everywhere. Jack had to kick his roommate out.
Denise got hit by a car. She sued the driver. She got a huge settlement. Denise retired and moved to the beach. Her fortune was worth the pain!
The dog went to its bowl. There was no water in it. The dog whimpered really loudly. The owner saw the bowl. The owner refilled the dog's water bowl.
Alan's class watched a video about world hunger. Alan was moved and really wanted to do something to help. He started a local food bank and began providing meals to the needy. He knew it wasn't fixing the world, but it was a step. Within a month he had helped provide over a thousand meals!
Arnold was scared of pigs. He would nearly faint at the thought of a pig. One day he was eating a strange meat he liked very much. He was told he was eating pork. Arnold puked.
Jamie was walking down the street at night. She was humming a tune to herself. The sound of breaking glass stopped her in her tracks. A fear gripped her and she started walking faster. There had been an accident behind her, and she could have helped.
Scott wants to go to Asia. His grandparents live there. He has never been to Asia before. He is a little hesitant but bought a ticket to fly there. In less than a month he will be meeting new family members!
Joe played tennis. He got to his match and saw he popped strings on his racquet. Joe could not play his match. He had to buy a new racquet. Joe won the first match he played with his new racquet.
Bob was feeling lucky so he went to a casino. The tables were mostly empty so he had his choice of games. He sat down to play poker. The first hand he had won $500. Bob bet it all on the next hand and lost everything.
I made Celery Soup for a picnic. Everyone thought it was disgusting. This hurt my feelings a lot. I was crying in my car when I heard a knock. It was my friend saying that my celery stew made perfect bird feed.
Nita wanted to be an actress. She tried out for the school play. She did her best, but she was not given a part! Nita sighed and realized that she wasn't good at acting. She decided to focus on a new career.
The people loved Halloween. They bought boxes of decoration. They couldn't wait to put them all out. When October started, they covered their yard with spooky things. The decorations look great!
Dan had been writing in Starbucks for the past few days. He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee. Dan decides to stay at home to write. Although he is more lonely, he saves more money. Dan is glad that he is saving money by skipping Starbucks.
Victor has switched majors again. He's in his junior year, and this is the third time. He's still on track to graduate on time, somehow. But it's been difficult what with switching majors so many times. We're all hoping that he doesn't do it again.
Tom owns a deli downtown. He got a call that the health inspector was walking into his deli. He was nervous because he didn't have any warning. The last thing he wanted was for his deli to be shut down. The health inspector found two violations but the deli remained open.
In 1985 I went to the dentist for a series of fillings. I had not gone in years. It took a year before I was done. In 1987 a cap started bothering me. The dentist had to pull my tooth, after all that work.
Holly wanted so much to become a famous poet. At college she became friends with Matt and Dee. Dee was jealous that Matt liked Holly's poem so much. Holly had no interest in Matt, Dee, or their poems. After graduation, Dee left Matt for a novelist.
Lizzie was a first year communications major. Her favorite professor assigned the students a special project. They were to create a web show, and produce several episodes. Lizzie was very nervous, but her brother promised to help out. Her first show received lots of views, and was a big success!
The couple planned an anniversary trip. They went to Vegas and ate and drank a lot. They went to casinos and dressed up. It was a fun trip. They couldn't wait to do it again!
Mark moved out of his parent's house into a town house. He soon discovered all the things that he now had to do himself. Paying for cable and internet was always something Mark's mom did. He shopped around and got both, adding a eighty dollar bill monthly. Mark called his mom to thank her for all she has done for him.
The movie was boring. The man turned to the person seated behind him. He started a conversation. Someone else joined in. Soon everyone in the theater was talking.
George had an innate gift for music. His teacher couldn't believe how quickly he learned. But George preferred to watch television instead of practice. Eventually everyone gave up on trying to coax him to practice. Years later, George looked back with shame at what he had squandered.
Jane was playing basketball. It was against her brother. She had never beat him before. This time she got one lucky shot in. It wasn't enough and she still lost, but less so.
After the wedding ceremony, everyone went to the reception. I went to the bar for a drink and started to eat food. All of a sudden, two people were arguing at each other. One of the people ended up punching the other. Their families had to break the fight up.
Lucy needed a new dress. She was happy to go shopping. When she got to the store she was pretty happy. She picked up a cute red dress. When she picked up the dress it fit great.
Susie played bingo. She played every day she could. One day she won. She couldn't believe it. She won a car.
Maria was snowboarding with friends. She always had trouble getting off the end of the lift. This time was nothing new. Maria tried to get off but got stuck on the seat. They had to stop the lift and help her get down.
Reen has a neighbor who lives alone. So every time she sees the neighbor she smiles at her. But the neighbor never smiles back. One day Rene worked up the nerve to ask her why she doesn't smile. The neighbor just gave her a weird look and walked away.
I had noticed that my cats seemed kind of bored. Having an over abundance of cardboard around I decided to use it. I got out the hot glue gun and scissors and got to cutting and gluing. Hours passed but I did eventually make something usable. My cats, naturally, completely ignored my hard work to sleep elsewhere.
Angela went to her grandmother's house for Thanksgiving. The whole family was there. She talked to her family members before dinner. Grandma told everyone dinner was done and to come eat. The entire family sat around the table for one big meal.
Martha owed money for a bill and was out of time. She was completely broke and needed help. Reluctantly she began calling churches around town. To her delight one offered to pay her bill. Thanks to their help she was able to catch up on her bills.
Leah sat straight up in bed. She'd had a terrifying dream. Leah often had nightmares, but this one was especially horrible. She got a glass of warm milk and tried to relax. Leah swore to not watch scary movies before bed anymore.
I wanted to win the channel nine pizza contest. I listened to the trivia questions every day at noon. I google the answers every time I heard their questions. Friday I called in with the correct answer to the trivia contest. My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner.
The kids loved visiting the zoo. The lion was their favorite animal. They ran to see him when they arrived at the zoo. The lion was gone! The zookeeper told them he was ill.
Adrian went out with her friends. She spent a lot of money using her father's credit card. The total amount she spent was $440. The credit card company called her father to mention an overdraft. He scolded Adrian and took away her card.
Josh was so excited about his new phone. When it came in he added all his favorite apps. He bought a new case. Then as he was out one day, he dropped it face down. Josh shattered his phone within hours of getting it.
Chris has been working very hard at work. His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment. Chris gets called into his manager's office. Chris receives a promotion. Chris celebrates with his friends.
Sally was counting the tiles in her bathroom. She just learned to count above ten. Hey brother ran into the room and started to yell random numbers. Sally tried to keep concentration. She hated her brother the rest of the day.
Joe was moving out and needed some cardboard boxes. Joe asked his friends and family for boxes. His mom had a lot of boxes. She gave him some. He gathered enough boxes to move all his stuff.
Ronald had a very big sponge. One day, he decided he would use it. Then, he realized that he could not actually find it. He searched for hours and couldn't find it. Finally, after many hours, he found it in the kitchen.
I went to a party the other night. I got to see all my friends. We played really fun games and watched TV. They're going to throw another party next weekend. I will definitely be there for that party.
Grace decided she needed a hobby to keep herself in shape. She thought that skipping rope would be a good hobby. At first Grace tripped a few times while skipping rope. However, over time, she improved. Grace was happy that she had found a good hobby.
Monty put a live snake in his friends locker. His friend jumped in fright when he saw it. Monty fell to the ground laughing at his friend. His friend threw the snake on Monty. Monty jumped up in surprise.
Gary entered his first chess tournament last week. He was intimidated by the big names of some of the participants. He lost his focus and lost the first two game. His coach told him to focus on the chess board and not on the player. Gary took his coach's advice and won all the remaining games.
Jordyn just started middle school. She was nervous but excited. She met a boy on the bus the first day. They hit it off and became friends. This boy was her new crush.
Sara bought a camera with her tax return. She wanted to become a photographer to make extra money. Sara began practicing her photography. She got good at taking pictures. Now Sara has a successful photography business.
Valerie and her mother decided to make blueberry pie. They went to a local farm. They picked a lot of blueberries. They worked hard to make the pie. It was delicious.
Anna was in labor. Her husband was rushing to the hospital. But Anna couldn't help but push! She let her body take over. Her baby girl was born in their van!
Tom was preparing for bed late one night. He suddenly heard a scream from the apartment next to his. He ran outside, approaching the other apartment door. He banged on the door. When the door was opened, Tom learned he had heard their television!
When I visited Quito, I decided that I wanted to go to the zoo. It was an hour out of town and it was complicated to get there. I realized I didn't think about how I was going to get home. I met a couple of English speaking people and they drove there. Fortunately they offered to take me home and I arrived back safe.
Selene was a happy girl with two parents. During a storm, both parents were killed in a car accident. Selene had to go and stay with her grandparents in Wyoming. She was very sad and lonely the first year. Selene eventually grew to love her grandparents and make many friends.
Lila felt really alone. She had just switched schools. She didn't know anyone. She decided to join the school paper. She made a lot of new friends there.
David had to go to court. He stood in front and made his vow. He was very anxious and stuttered. The judge said he was guilty. He had to pay a fine.
Brian went to a supermarket. He needed some fruits. He took some apples and put it into his pocket. Somebody saw him. He was forced to pay for it.
In 2013 my sister in law went to Atlantic City. She went to see the Long Island Medium. The trip was a disaster, as the bus broke down. She got in late, but was able to see the performance. She said she would never ride a bus to Atlantic City again.
Tina wanted to make a southern meal. She decided on making some okra. The recipe looked good. So she went and cooked it. It was delicious.
The couple laid on a blanket outside. They enjoyed seeing the stars. They looked for constellations. When the sky got too cloudy, the went inside. They loved their romantic, star-gazing nights.
Emmie was at the pumpkin patch picking her very first pumpkin. She wanted to have the biggest pumpkin in the family. Just as she thought she had one she saw her brother's even bigger one. She looked further around the field. Finally she found one perfect massive pumpkin.
Amy was pleased to find a good parking spot at work. At her desk her friend informed her glue leaks onto cars in that spot. On her break Amy checked her car. There was a substance on the hood. When wiped off the substance scratched her paint.
We are trying to buy girl scout cookies. Our children and relatives are all grown up. We asked all of our friends and neighbors, to no avail. We resorted to buying the cookies online. I cannot wait for the cookies to arrive.
Tom is a builder looking for work. Unfortunately, he has not had any success with his search. Tom began to feel discouraged and desperate. One night, there was a terrible fire at the local church. Tom's expertise was sought to make repairs and was quickly hired.
Zach hadn't shaved in weeks. He had a big, bushy beard. His wife told him she hated it. He refused to shave. Zach's beard was a problem in their relationship.
My niece has an old laptop. She was going off to college and bought a new laptop. She gave the old one to her dad but it was password protected. She was having trouble breaking the password. She was going to bring it to me to fix, but forgot.
Wendy was trying to find the perfect gift for her mother birthday. She went to the mall. She went to the farmers market. And she even went shopping online. Wendy decided to just make her mother a birthday gift.
I was down at the new Amsterdam. Staring at this yellow haired girl. Mr Jones strikes up a conversation. He said she was beautiful. I asked her out and she said yes.
Bill went to the mall to buy clothes. A mall vendor stopped Bill as he went to the clothes store. He tried to sell Bill a candle but Bill resisted him. Bill left and bought his clothes. He felt bad about the vendor so he returned and bought a candle.
JoAnne was at the bus stop on Valentine's Day. She was surprised she didn't get flowers at work. She was wondering if her husband forgot about the holiday. A car pulled up right before the bus came. The driver was her husband with a bouquet of flowers.
John was determined to get some work done. He sat at his desk to avoid distractions. He worked for five hours straight. He felt better about his giant to do list. John felt most productive when he was working in a good environment.
A man wanted a new car color. He asked his friends what color. They said blue. He took it to the shop. It got painted blue.
My son bought me a glockenspiel for my birthday. It looks like xylophone, but has black keys. It was pretty easy to play. The keys had the notes engraved on them. I play my glockenspiel every day.
Tom was dating a girl. They had a few issues. Eventually she came out as an addict. Tom tried to deal with it. Unfortunately it was too much.
Tara wanted to make more money. She decided that she would buy vending machines. She bought some and put them in various locations. After a year she made enough money to quit her normal job. Today Tara is very wealthy from her vending machines.
Christy's car broke down on her way home from college. She was frustrated having to repair her car again so soon. Christy called her parents to tell them she would be home late. Her parents had a surprise for Christy. When she got home there was a car in the driveway with a bow on it.
Sally was out having drinks with friends. She had forgotten to eat all day. She felt a little bit dizzy after her second drink. Her friend Jill took Sally home. Sally thanked Jill for taking care of her the next day.
It was a beautiful day at the beach. The sun was bright and the water crystal blue. The children were enjoying the warm ocean. All of a sudden there was a large object swimming in the water. I realized it was just a harmless manatee.
The first time I saw him I was watching TV. He quickly scurried across the floor right in front of me. I chased that little rat for nearly a half hour. Eventually I gave up and went back to sitting on the couch. I gave him the name Frank and still see him from time to time.
Samantha was excited to go trick or treating! She spent an hour making sure her costume was perfect. She wandered door to door, asking for candy. After a while, her feet got tired so she headed home. She sat on the couch and happily ate her candy.
When AJ was 4, his uncle bought him a cart full of toys at the store. Then they went to some woman's house so AJ could play with her son. AJ was told not to take any toys inside, but his uncle let him anyway. They spent the night, rushing out the next morning without any toys. AJ was told never to mention any of it to his Aunt.
Arnold has never had the chicken pox. He was thirty three years old and felt like he would never get it. One day he woke up with spots all over his face. He denied it was chicken pox and went to work anyways. He found out it was chicken pox when he gave it to three people.
Mae woke up sick, with a fever and a cough. She went to school anyway, in hopes that she'd see Theo. They had lunch together, but Theo remarked she didn't look well. Mae nodded and then threw up all over Theo's sweater vest. After changing into his gym shirt, he drove her home.
Siegfried had a dog named Levantine. Levantine could catch a frisbee in mid-air. One day Siegfried threw the frisbee into a dirty pond. Levantine chased after it, covering him in mud. Levantine ran back to the car, and tracked mud everywhere.
I wanted to paint my car black. I sanded my car down, and fixed any dents with bondo or fiberglass. I sprayed my car with primer to prep it. Then I painted my car with some nice black paint. My car now had a very nice black paint job.
Billy had a client that was very difficult. He hated every time he met with the client. Billy asked his boss to transfer the client to another worker. Another worker took over Billy's case. Billy's co-worker regretted taking over the case.
Tim cared about the environment. He always took his own bag grocery shopping. He saved hundreds of plastic bags by himself. It seemed like a small difference. But the numbers show a huge payoff.
Joey sat by a pond holding a sandwich. His phone rang and he put his sandwich on a rock to answer. He talked for five minutes with a dear friend. When he disconnected, the sandwich was gone. After looking around him, he finally saw it at the bottom of the pond.
Sally tried to fit into her old jeans. She had them for the past 10 years. But she has grown over time. She pulled and tugged and the jeans. They ended up ripping in half.
Time was ticking down. They only had a few more second to score a goal. They skated down the ice as fast as they could. The puck was passed to a player and he shot. The puck went past the goalie into the net as the clock expired.
Kate, Liz, and 2 friends were driving to Las Vegas. Originally it was supposed to be 2 people. Now there were four people in an economy sized vehicle. Kate realized she needed to pretend this wasn't a problem. She realized she needed try to be nice for the sake of the trip.
The boy is 12 years old, and he has speech Apraxia. Today he went to his speech therapist. They laughed about how tall he's getting, and he wasn't nervous after. He made a new friend with the therapist. Afterward, he said he really enjoyed his new friend.
Ray got fired from his job for being late all the time. He was dejected. Then he went to the temp agency to get a new job. When they found him a place, he made himself a promise. He was never going to be late again!
Mo decided to throw a party at his house. He purchased several pizzas and lots of beer. Waiting for his guests to arrive, Mo drank all of the beer. When his guests arrived, Mo could barely stand. Mo's guests made Mo eat a whole pizza to sober up.
Tallon met a girl on the bus. They talked about anime. They talked about characters. They felt they were like a couple that got married in a show. They got married in real life.
Ben asked his mom to bring a snack home. She said she would stop on her way home from work. He was so happy when she came in. He looked to see what she had brought. She had brought home a dozen donuts!
A cloud formed in the sky. It turned dark gray. The people in the town noticed. They all went inside. They were safe from the bad storm.
It was Kelly's first day at her new job. She was very excited. As excited as she was ,she was also nervous. Thankfully when she got there her nerves subsided. She was looking forward to going back.
Rachel heard crawling noises in the living room. A roach was flying around the light. She was extremely scared and ran away. She woke up her brother, in order for him to kill it. He took out a broom and was able to hit it.
Brenda wanted to be class president more than anything. Unfortunately Brenda was not very popular. But she worked very hard on her campaign. Her popular opponent did not campaign at all. Brenda lost the election in a landslide.
Omar was fascinated by ants. So he decided to buy an ant farm. He developed a close relationship with the ants. But one morning, he noticed that they were crawling all over the house His mom became angry and quickly cleaned them up.
Joe was a hard working man. He did every job he was assigned with excellence. He never complained while on the job about anything. Joe's boss noticed his great work ethic and attitude. Joe received a big promotion and pay raise.
Amanda was taking an advanced reading class. The teacher asked for the students to finish a novel by tomorrow. Amanda got home and forgot about the assignment for hours. It was bedtime when she remembered she was suppose to be reading. Amanda stayed up all night and finished the novel on time.
Andrew has always wanted to have his own website. He decides to learn how to design and create websites. He studies very hard and asks advice of some of his friends. Finally he launches a website with pictures of his dog. Andrew is very proud that he has his own website.
Charlie is a detective for the local police force. He was called to a scene to investigate a burglary. Once there, he saw an awesome clue. The burglar left his wallet at the scene. He identified the burglar immediately with his ID.
Chloe loved the book she was reading. She was excited to know what happened next. As she read a page she tried to imagine. Her imagination got too out of hand. She went three pages without remembering what she read.
Shay was very mean. She decided to treat people better. She started paying attention to her anger triggers. Then she worked through them carefully. Soon, Shay was much calmer - and nicer!
Eli was the star quarterback for the Cyclones. He had more touchdowns than any quarterback ever. He was proud of his accomplishments. He went to local schools to speak about his success. The kids all looked up to him.
Korin lived in a small apartment with 5 roommates. One of them brought in 2 squatters without telling the landlord! The squatters made Korin and her roommates very mad. They told the landlord. He ordered the squatters out!
The fruit tree made it easier on the land. Willie would always say we had a fruit tree in the yard. Willie would go through all the aspects of having to pick apples. One day an inspector came to the house. At the end, there was no apple tree and insurance went up high.
Bella was very pale. She wanted a suntan. She went to the park and stretched out on a chair. Then she relaxed in the sun for a few hours. When she left, her skin was a summery golden brown!
Jan liked to play basketball. Her birthday was coming up. Jan asked her parents for a basketball goal. Jan was given a basketball goal for her birthday. She began practicing at her house everyday.
We lived in a condo in Brighton for years. In 1993 I saw a neighbor in the ambulance. I asked my neighbors what happened. His new girlfriend's ex came by and beat him up. He did not press charges .
Jake lived in northern California. There was a bad earthquake about 100 miles from him. He knew something was strange when his bed shook. He turned on the news and learned about the aftershocks. Jake was calm and thought it was interesting.
Giles made a new year's resolution to exercise more. He purchased a gym membership with an annual term. Giles began going twice a week, once for legs and once for arms. Giles lost his motivation to get to the gym around mid-year. Giles canceled the membership when the term was up.
Mrs Allen is a new teacher. She was nervous about her first day. She came in the class and said hello to all of the students. Everything went smoothly. She was very happy.
Joey is out at the beach with his friends. They were all going into the ocean. Except Joey he didn't go in. His friends asked him why he wouldn't go in. Joey embarrassingly told them he couldn't swim.
The first time I lived with a stranger was my freshman year of college. She had a very dominant personality and I had a very submissive one. For a long time we clashed and couldn't really get along. The second semester we stopped speaking to each other. The next year, I decided to live with a friend instead.
Ben is playing ball. He is playing hard. His team is losing by one basket. He attempts to make the shot and is pushed down. Ben falls to the ground missing the shot and his loses a tooth.
Sam's neck had been hurting recently. It was attributed to his bad posture at work. He decided to buy a neck rest for his chair. Sam installed the neck rest on his chair when it arrived. His neck no longer hurt with the added support.
Henry was up to bat in the bottom of the 9th inning. He was the last chance for his team to win. The first pitch was a wild pitch. Henry watched the second pitch as it approached the plate. He swung with all of his might and hit the winning home run.
Billy was happily playing with his toy truck in the street. Someone called the cops on the autistic adult. Billy's therapist tried to calm the situation down. One of the cops shot the therapist. He later apologized, explaining he was aiming for Billy.
It was the end of an era. John and Jim were moving out of their old place. They had lived their all throughout college. The move was bittersweet. The new house was going to be great.
Mary had an essay that was due in 12 hours. She delayed writing what she initially wanted. She knew her ideas were not good enough and kept thinking. Four hours passed of brainstorming and debating. With little time left, Mary wrote about her initial ideas.
Hannah skipped her history class two days in a row. Because of this, the teacher gave her a note. The note explained that she had to go to detention. Hannah showed up for the detention and did her homework. Afterwords, she was glad to be done with it.
Gina was getting on the highway. She could see the traffic was barely moving. And as she approached the on-ramp signal stood red. Gina sat at the red light for 2 minutes before getting a green one. Finally she was able to get on the highway to drive home.
A bomb was about to go off. The forces tried to deactivate it. They called in a specialist. The specialist tried really hard. He succeeded at it.
Evans had to charge his phone every day. One day, he could not find his charger. He searched everywhere but it was simply missing. He went to his friends house to charge his phone. Then, he remembered his charger was at work.
Joey loves poker. Saturday he went to play on his poker team. Joey came in first place and won a spot in the WSOP. Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas. Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP.
Kevin was watching tv. But he couldn't find a show that he liked. He continuously flipped through channels. And after 10 minutes of searching, he didn't give up. An hour later, Kevin was angry about how much time he wasted.
We left early on a sunday, flying out of Atlanta. Once there, we quickly went to our apartment we had rented. It was a nice apartment, downtown in San Juan. Before long we decided to go out and get something to eat. The food there was spectacular!
Lily decided to go out to her favorite tea house for lunch. She got there and ordered a pot of tea and cucumber sandwiches. She drank her tea and ate her food, enjoying the people around her. She paid for her food and left and went home. Lily decided to make this a new once a week tradition.
Thompson was always afraid of crocodiles. He knew they had a lot of teeth. One day, he traveled to Florida. Suddenly, he saw a crocodile. After that, he wasn't feared of crocodiles.
Keith was working in his yard. The wind began to blow hard. Several limbs fell from the trees in his yard. Keith decided it was dangerous to stay outside. He went inside to wait out the storm.
Becky loved climbing. She decided to climb a mountain one state over. Becky trained for weeks to prepare for the climb. On the day of the climb, she reached the mountain peak. Becky felt proud for achieving her goal.
Ross finished reading his novel. He decided he wanted to buy another book to read. He rode his bike to the local bookstore. He browsed all the new books. He picked out a mystery novel and bought it.
Harrison really liked writing poetry. He saw a poetry competition and decided to join. They spent all week preparing for the event. He performed and everyone enjoyed the shoe. He ended up taking home the prize, a free backpack.
Dave invited Mike to join the work basketball team. Mike didn't know how to play basketball. Mike went to the library to check out a book on basketball. Mike learned the rules of the game. Mike accepted Dave's invitation to join the work basketball team.
Fred almost always watches TV after he and his wife cook dinner. One night Fred decides it would be nice if he washed the dishes. His wife is overcome with joy that he offers to wash them. Fred notices that washing the dishes isn't so bad. He decides to wash the dishes every day instead of watching TV.
It was a very dry and hot summer day. Ryuu felt like he was melting in the heat. He went to the kitchen to grab a watermelon and coconut water. Ryuu sat on his porch, sweating. He took a big bite of watermelon while enjoying the sunset.
Wallace stole $20 dollars from her boyfriend's wallet last week. He eventually got over it and threw a party at his house. Everyone decided to bring food and he was grilling chicken. There was one piece of grilled chicken left when Wallace came. Although he wasn't hungry, Wallace's boyfriend took it.
Nina was missing a very dear old friend intensely. She hadn't seen him in years and didn't know where he was. She started making research on the Internet. She found out that he had a blog and left a message there for him. He answered back right away, and they renewed their friendship.
Jeff worked a night shift and could never find parking after work. His apartment lot was supposed to have a spot for everyone. Jeff figured out other tenants were telling friends to park. He thought he could put a chair in his spot and keep it for sure. But after his next shift he found his spot was still taken.
Liz's fuel gauge was broken. She didn't realize it at the time. It wasn't until her car stopped on the side of the road. The mechanic told her the problem. She had it fixed within a week.
Rod proposed to his girlfriend. He did it properly, on bended knee. But she was shocked by his proposal. She said she needed more time to think. Later, she declined Rod's proposal.
The woman gave birth. She had a baby boy. She wanted a baby girl. She was disappointed when they told her. The husband was happier with the gender.
A Senator opposed a bill. Knowing it would pass in a vote, he elected to filibuster it. He began to recite the screenplay for the film Gigli. A cloture motion was rapidly introduced to end the filibuster. It passed, ninety-nine to one.
In 2002 we visited our friends in NH. The father was a college professor. He had me help him grade some papers. His seven year old daughter started crying. She said we were working too hard on a Sunday.
Ike went to a concert so his friends would think he's cool. He bought the t-shirt of the band and wore to to the concert. Everyone thought he was a big fan of the band and talked to him. Ike never heard the band before and just pretended to. After the concert he decided that maybe he will be a real fan.
I didn't know what role I should play. The situation wasn't very clear. He asked me what I wanted to do. I told him I wanted to just end the relationship. He agreed and we went our separate ways.
Sam hadn't done laundry in a long time. He ran out of dirty clothes. He was running late for school. Sam decided to wear dirty clothes. He smelled bad in class all day.
Joe saw a tree out his window. He immediately got a rush of joy at the thought of climbing the tree. He rushed outside. Joe started to climb the tree. Joe was happy.
Marta had been drawing since a very young age. She loved beautiful clothes and wanted to be a fashion designer. She carried her art notebook wherever she went. While waiting for the bus, Marta dropped her art pad. A famous designer saw her drawings and hired Marta on the spot.
Tom wanted to eat an egg. He also wanted to prepare some for later that week. He began boiling water. He added eggs and cooked them. He was happy to prepare multiple great meals.
She took the dog outside. He took forever to go pee. She was getting bored. She walked around the yard. She picked up all the random sticks.
Carter was at a party with her friends. They were in the back yard when a fight broke out. Two boys were pushing each other around by the pool. Carter saw that one boy was her brother. She marched over and broke up the fight immediately.
Gabe was playing a computer game. But he was angry because he was losing. So he threw his keyboard at his computer monitor. And the monitor didn't turn on again. Gabe decided to be more calm next time.
Jake was at a party. He really wanted to impress a girl there. He started singing to her. Everybody told him to be quiet. The girl was unimpressed by Jake's attempt to impress her.
Ryder had been practicing baseball all summer. At Fall tryouts he did his best. The coach selected him for the team because of his great swing. The team won the first game because of Ryder's home run. Ryder was so glad he practiced.
Stan's cousins took him out for his birthday. He turned 21 today. He took one shot when the bartender gave him a drink. At the end of the day, he drinked more shots. His cousins literally carried him to the car at the end of the day.
Kate found a box full of kittens. Someone had left them by the side of the road. She decided to pick them up. She offered them up online. Everyone was taken within days.
Mary had an apple tree in her garden. The tree was full of apples. Mary climbed up the tree to pick the apples. She fell down from the tree. Mary broke her leg when she fell.
In my office, there is a fake palm tree with fake bananas. The other day, a patient came in who couldn't see very well. The woman got caught in our tree. She said, "I was checking on the bananas & when will they be yellow?" Our patient left thinking the plastic banana tree was real.
Lynn and her friends needed to get out of the basement. They had been out at 3 AM and didn't want to get caught. Lynn decided to leave their jackets and shoes in the basement. She grabbed a board game off a shelf in the back. Her plan was to pretend they went down stairs for the game.
Hannah was so excited for prom. She went shopping and spent hours trying to find her perfect dress. The day of prom, Hannah put on her perfect dress. When she arrived to prom, she saw another girl had the same dress! Hannah was disappointed and wished she had found a different dress.
Winston wrote a class paper about bees. It was so good the teacher asked him to read it. Winston is shy and said he was afraid. I offered to read it to the class. The teacher said no I couldn't.
Gina was talking to some cool kids. A cute guy named Josh walked over and spoke to them. He looked at Gina and spoke directly to her. Her long time crush Jamie had never spoken to her. She decided she definitely liked Josh more than Jaime.
Lori loves to play games. Her favorite game is hopscotch. She plays it every day. She fell once and hurt her leg. But, hopscotch is still her favorite game.
I hated garlic. Then, my friend recommended that I try roasted garlic. I was wary but I decided to try it. Alas, I burnt the garlic during the roasting. Nevertheless, the burned garlic tasted good.
My eighth grade math teacher gave my class an unusual assignment. He had each of us write a letter to ourselves ten years in the future. His plan was to mail it to us exactly ten years from when we wrote it. I thought it was a very cool idea at the time. Alas, 23 year old me would find out that 13 year old me was an idiot.
Kelly was much older than him. He dated her for a long time and they fought a lot. They ended up breaking up eventually. He held onto her memory for years. He contacted her again on social media to see if she was ok.
Cameron woke up on Christmas morning, excited to what Santa brought. He raced into his room and woke his parents up, immediately. His parents grabbed the camera and followed Cameron down the hall. Cameron was amazed as he saw a new bike and a few new video games. He got his helmet and went out for a ride to test out his new bike.
Tom's wife loved him. She caught him cheating. She wound up forgiving him. Tom cheated again. She kept forgiving him.
Sheena loved to dance. Every evening after work she'd get home and dance. She didn't realize how good it was for her to get fit. But after a few months she had lost fifteen pounds. And she told everyone at work how dancing was good for her health.
Michael tapped his steering wheel impatiently. He changed lanes, only to find himself moving slower. Outside his window, he saw a pedestrian walking past him. Michael honked his car impatiently. The traffic barely inched forward.
I let the dog out this morning. I told her to go use the bathroom. Instead, she went and laid in the grass. I couldn't find her for a while. I got scared when I say her lying there.
Nell needed cool treats for her four kids. She went to the store and bought a dozen freezer pops. She threw them in the freezer at home. After an hour they were frozen. She passed them out to the kids, who loved them!
On Saturday, Jane was doing yoga. Suddenly, she heard the doorbell. Her friend, Melissa, stopped by for an unexpected visit. Jane was frustrated that her friend came over without a prior notice. She politely asked her friend to call before her next visit.
The family ordered pizza for dinner. The pizza arrived nearly an hour late. The family noticed the pizza tasted cold when they bit into it. They called the pizza store and they apologized. They got a refund and a new pizza delivered to them quickly.
A group of people began to protest the local library. The brought out signs that said that knowledge was too much power. The crowd grew as the time went on and everyone was getting excited. A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly. The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet.
Brett went riding on his bike. He was riding on off-road trails. He hit a large bump and flew off the bike. He landed wrong on his arm. Now Brett's arm is injured.
Tim took his dog to the dog park. He was playing with other dogs. All of a sudden a bigger dog started being too aggressive. Tim had to intervene. The other dog's owners apologized.
The man set his alarm. He had an appointment the next morning. He slept through the appointment. He checked the alarm. The sound had been to low to wake him up.
The boy studied. He took the test. He got a great grade on the test. He showed the score to his mom. He thanked his mom for making him study.
Brad had a stuffed bear in his living room. Brad was very proud of the bear. He invited Andrea over to see his house. Andrea was appalled by the stuffed bear. Brad never invited Andrea over again.
Sarah was getting ready for her wedding. She and her friends were working on finishing touches. She realized that she didn't have anything borrowed. Luckily, her friend offered to lend her a hair pin. She put it into her hair and then left to get married.
Julie was very excited when she lost her first tooth. Her parents told her to put it under the pillow. Julie hoped the tooth fairy would visit. When she woke up in the morning, she felt under her pillow. The tooth was gone and there was a dollar in its place!
There was a mouse in my house. I set mouse traps with cheese. The mouse would not come out of the walls. I called pest control. They safely removed the mouse.
Tommy had a computer problem. A hacker broke into his laptop and stole his information. Tommy called the police but they wouldn't help. He decided he would just have to get a new computer. He threw his old one into the garbage can.
I was so nervous for my first day of school. When I arrived at my first class, I was shaking. I sat next the prettiest girl in class. We talked the whole time during and after class. We became best friends, and she made college so much easier!
James was an actor. He recently got a small role in a Broadway musical. They rehearse for hours every day. It makes James very tired. He has never been happier, though.
Daddy got hurt at work. He came home and had a large white bandage on his arm. He told us it was called a cast and everyone wanted to write on it. He wore it for a long time and said it itched. One day he came home and it wasn't on his arm anymore.
James didn't know what he wanted for his birthday. Everyone kept asking him but he did not want for much. In the end everyone got together and threw him a birthday party. James was so grateful for his friends and family. John enjoyed his time spent at his birthday party.
Monica didn't like walking to school. So she saved up money for a bike. She was happy about how much shorter her walk to school was. And eventually, she began to bike to faraway places in her town. Monica was glad she bought a bike.
Alex wanted a new kitten for his birthday. His parents surprised him with a fluffy white kitten. Alex named him Leo. Alex loved Leo so much and played with him everyday. One day Alex came home to find Leo had passed away.
I went with my girlfriend to Jamaica. We did some sightseeing while we were there. We climbed up a waterfall called the Dunns River Falls. We really had a great time on our trip. We cannot wait to go back.
The airplane took off as soon as everyone got on board. I tried to finish my assignments on the ride to Chicago. However, I immediately fell asleep. My mom woke me up as soon as we arrived at our destination. We took our bags with us and met up with an aunt there.
Kate wanted to buy something at the store. She didn't have enough money until she got paid. The item was the last one on sale. Kate decided to hide it until she had money. She eventually returned to find the item and buy it.
Billy had been out of work. He had just gotten a new job. Billy hadn't gotten paid yet on his new job. His bills were due. Billy took money from his savings account to pay the bills.
Tom always slacked off during running practice. Since Tom slacked off in practice he came in last in the race. He then decided to practice harder than before. His speed and stamina improved over time. In the next race he won 1st place.
In the spring, Lindsey bought some flowers to hang by her front porch. She watered them, fertilized them, and kept them in the sun. Even though she took great care of them, they died four days later. Lindsey bought new flowers and the same thing happened two more times. Lindsey, frustrated, dumped out the hanging pots and planted no more.
Glen was at a state fair. Some people were operating a pic race. He picked a pig out and placed a bet. The race was really fun to watch. In the end, he actually won some money.
Georgia was checking her email. She realized that her inbox was full of spam. She decided to clean it out. It took an hour to delete it all and cancel her subscriptions. Finally, she had a clean empty inbox.
John had a mouse in his home. It had been coming up from behind his sink. He put traps out in response. He never caught anything, though. He's still looking for it to this day.
The family had been so busy lately. They took a vacation to reconnect. They spent so much time together that week. They went to an amusement park. They were sad when it was time to go home.
Today Eric is going to see Dr Miller. Eric is not sick today. He is going to see Dr Miller for a check-up. Eric gets a shot, it hurts a little bit. But in the end, Eric gets a sticker.
Shantel and Kyle have been married or 5 years. On their 5th year of marriage they had a baby. On their 6th year of marriage they had 2 more babies,a set of twins! On their 7th year of marriage they had 1 more baby. They felt their family was complete, so Shantel got her tubes tied.
As soon as Tina turned 21 she wanted to attend a wine tasting. She went with her best friends and they were excited. The girls tried about ten different wines. In the end they loved the merlot. The event was a success.
Joe wanted to go see his favorite team play baseball. The game was on Monday. He didn't have any personal days left at work. Joe called in sick so he could go to the baseball game. Joe lost his job.
Brent thought he was very funny. One day his girlfriend told him her friend Tony has been murdered. She said the police thought it was a serial killer. Brent shouted that if Tony was a tiger it would be a cereal killer. Brent was very happy about how funny that was.
Grace stored all her Christmas decorations in the attic. She went to get the decorations from the attic. Grace was on a ladder carrying the box of decorations down. Grace dropped the box and broke most to the decorations. Grace had to buy new decorations.
Tomas is a professional weightlifter. Tomas decides to do bench presses. Tomas sets a new personal record for his bench press. Tomas tears his pectoral. Tomas can't lift weights for 3 more months.
I planned a party for my birthday. I invited people who I thought were my friends. On the day of my birthday I eagerly waited for them to show up. Nobody ever arrived at my party. This lingers as one of my most unhappy memories.
Sarah went to the beach. She scoured the sand for shark's teeth. She found about 30 little black teeth. She took them home and made a bracelet with them. She presented the bracelet to her father for his birthday.
Laura was used to riding the bike with training wheels on. However her mother said she could take them off finally. Laura's parents got her a brand new bike without training wheels. Laura immediately went on it. However to her dismay she fell and skinned her knee.
Lola wanted to go to prom. She asked her friend Steven to go. He said he did not want to go. Lola was very sad. She did not go to prom.
When I was in the dollar store, I looked around. I was surprised to see all the socks. They were only a dollar per pair. They had many cute colors and styles. I stocked up on pretty socks.
Tom was out on the lake. He noticed other boaters drinking and going fast. Tom was hit on the side by a drunk boater. It crippled his boat and they both needed rescuing. Tom sued for damages and won.
Steven was driving on the road one afternoon. He saw a car swerving towards him and tried to escape it. The car slammed into Steven and his car. Steven got out and was not hurt, same with the other driver. The ambulance and tow truck arrived shortly after.
One day, I was looking through my teenage son's school papers. I noticed a folded paper with my son's name on it. I turned it over and noticed that my son had written about me. He said really kind things, that made me very happy. When I asked, he said that he had to write about his hero.
Tina was listening to a radio show. The dj made a comment on a recent news event. Tina was offended by the comment. Tina turned off the radio. She quit listening to the radio show.
I kept hearing a strange noise in the apartment. I was worried that it was mice. I went to the source of the noise. It seemed to becoming from the AC. I opened the blinds to see a group of birds hopping around on the AC.
Sally thought she hated mustard. She went to McDonalds and got a hamburger. She requested for the hamburger to not have mustard. The chef accidentally put mustard on Sally's hamburger. Sally was surprised to find out that she actually liked mustard.
In summer of 1992 I learned how to make free money. My friend showed me to put a blank envelope in an atm machine. Next, enter the deposit amount of $400. Now withdraw $400. I did as demonstrated but owe BofA $400 to this very day.
Little Jimmy wore a costume of Cardboard and Foil. He announced to everyone on the street that he was a robot. This wasn't getting the reaction he wanted. He saw the mailman approach and decided to scare him. However, the mailman just slid the mail into Jimmy's mouth hole.
Tom always wore glasses. He never liked contact lenses. ONe day Tom broke his glasses. He was forced to wear contacts. He got  so many compliments that he decided to wear them more.
Sara looked in the mirror and she was unhappy. The doctor told her today that she needed to lose 100 pounds. Sara decided to lose weight to make herself more confident. Sara worked out and watched what she ate. A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good.
One of Jeff's goals is to squat three hundred pounds. He currently squats about two hundred pounds. He trained real hard for six months. He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep. He now squats well over three hundred pounds.
Tim was at a middle school dance. He had never been to a dance before. A girl asked him to dance. Tim turned her down. He stayed watching in the corner instead.
Elizabeth drew a crayon picture on a post card. Her mom addressed the card to Elizabeth's grandmother. Elizabeth put a stamp in the corner of the post card. Elizabeth and her mom walked to the big blue mailbox. They mailed the postcard to Elizabeth's grandma.
Bob's hair was almost down to his butt. He'd applied for a job at a bank and knew that wouldn't do. Bob asked his girlfriend to help him cut it. She gave him a professional looking hair cut. Bob went to the interview with his head held high and got the job.
Linda wanted to make dinner for her family. She decided to make a chicken gumbo. Linda's knees hurt, so she sat down while the chicken cooked. Linda fell asleep soon after. The smoke alarm startled her from her nap.
One day when I was 12 my cousins came over. We were running around chasing each other. I caught a five year old. He jumped up and hit my jaw, chipping my tooth. I had to go to the dentist and get a cap.
Andrew loved music. He wanted to learn how to create music. So he joined his school band. He got to play the trumpet. He became good at playing the trumpet.
Tina became mad when Jeff didn't tell her where he went out. When drew came home, the door was locked. He tried to call Tina to open the door. However, she didn't pick up. Overall, he ended up staying the night with a close friend.
Sally was planning a wedding. She booked an expensive wedding photographer. She ended up spending a lot of money on other services. She could not afford to pay the photographer. She got her friend to photograph the wedding for free.
James loved all kinds of spicy food. He owned an impressive collection of hot sauces. He always ordered the spiciest food on the menu. Until one day, he ordered uber hot wings from a local restaurant. His mouth was on fire for days, and James finally met his match.
I realized it was suspiciously silent. I went into my daughter's room. She was holding a pair of scissors in one hand. In the other hand was a chunk of hair. I guess we'll save money on a haircut.
Josh decided to go fishing. He packed up his gear and hit the road. He drove until he got to his favorite fishing hole! He fished all day. Josh went home with three fish and had them for dinner!
The old man was tired of work and wanted to go on vacation. The old man looked at a map and picked a destination. The old man went on vacation to his destination. The old man was lonely on his vacation. The old man realized that home was the best place.
Rachel was so excited for her baby shower. She had been through so many months of being pregnant. She just wanted a day to relax and see all her friends. She had such a wonderful day and was showered with all these gifts. She thanked everyone and went home to relax and wait for the baby.
Chip worked at Lockheed Martin. He developed a superweapon for the US. Chip was charged with deploying the first prototype. He witnessed the destructive power on a Pacific island. Chip decided no one should have that power and destroyed it.
Mason loved to work out. He always worked up quite a sweat and took a shower before going home. He never wore flip flops in the public shower. One day he woke up to his foot itching badly. Turns out, Mason had gotten athlete's foot.
Sameer was running late to work. Walking down the street, he realized the light was about to turn red. Sameer decided to hurry up and jaywalk. Halfway across the street, he heard a police siren going off. The $200 ticket he got was a reminder to never jaywalk again.
There was a storm going into Ken's town. He decided to wait until the last minute to buy groceries. When he went to the store they were out of all the essentials. Tim got junk food instead. He made it through the storm but not in a healthy fashion.
Kevin and Cecilia broke up after a lengthy romance. They stopped communicating but missed each other very much. A few months later, Kevin passed Cecelia while he was walking his dog. Kevin's dog recognized Cecelia and pulled Kevin toward her. Kevin and Cecilia soon rekindled their romance thanks to Kevin's dog.
Betty had come by Annie's home for dinner. She mentioned that she wanted to see the quilt Annie had finished. After dinner, Annie showed her the quilt. Betty complimented her on the pattern and workmanship. Encouraged by Betty's remarks, Annie entered the quilt in a contest.
Kim was on her first date with Sammy. She was really nervous because Sammy was beautiful. Within a few minutes of the date Kim realized Sammy was awful. Kim excused herself to the bathroom. She walked out the front door leaving Sammy to eat alone.
Sally was going on her first plane trip. She felt scared, but tried her best to be brave. After the plane took off she fell asleep. When she woke up she was at her destination. Sally was proud of herself for not letting fear get the best of her!
Gavin always told jokes in his classes. Gavin did this because he wanted to cheer his peers up. Everyday, they would laugh at his jokes. At graduation, many people thanked him for being so funny. As a result, he won the award of class clown.
Tom was watching television one day. He heard a loud pop and saw smoke coming out of it. The repairs to fix it were really expensive. Tom realized it would be cheaper to just buy a new television. He got a bigger screen and more recent technology.
Bob was playing the new shooter game with his friends online. He was really into the game and played with passion. In an intense match he accidentally cursed out his opponent. His opponent reported him. Bob was banned from playing for a week.
I was driving down the street one day. Suddenly, my car started shaking and then it stopped. I pulled over onto the curb and called a tow truck. I sat there waiting for almost an hour. A tow truck finally showed up and I went home.
Mike was short on money. He borrowed some money from some bad people. They wanted it back with interest. He could not keep up. They hurt him bad.
Shelley had a party hat for a party. She wore it to school. Many people laughed at her. She tried to explain what was going on. The party hat ended up in the garbage.
Danny lost the remote to his TV. He looked everywhere for it. Eventually he ordered a new remote for his TV. A few weeks later, he saw his dog burying something outside. He investigated and found his missing remote.
All John wanted is to be happy. He took time to think alone. He reflected on his life. He made progress in understanding himself. He learned what it takes to be happy.
The alarm bells started ringing out. All the fireman got on their gear and headed to the truck. They set off to the fire in their firetruck. The house was ablaze when they arrived. They fought the fire for many hours before putting it out.
Ben bought four cans of blue paint. It was a beautiful day to paint his fence. His wife helped him. After they were done the sat on their porch and admired their work. Ben felt very gratified.
Andrew was in class and needed a pen. He asked three kids for pens and they didn't have a extra pen. He asked more kids and had no luck. Finally he found a kid who had one. Andrew was happy and wrote down notes with his borrowed pen.
Megan drove her car on top of a very big hill. She hit the gas as she began to go downhill. She was zooming past all the other cars on the road. Once the road leveled out Megan slowed down. She never felt more alive than in that moment.
I went to talk to my teacher at my old high school. I forgot to check in at the office. I talked to her for a few minutes. Then the police stopped me. They towed my scooter.
When the roads cleared slightly, I made it down the street to a lot. I went inside the big chain store. I purchased a comforter. I went back to my car and tried to get some sleep. I woke up when an employee told me to leave.
I decided to give my mom $800 dollars in order to shop for Christmas. She was extremely thankful and hugged me. During the next month, she can out of money. She asked me if she can have $100 dollars. I was frustrated and walked away.
Christopher is sad because he has no prom date. A girl in his biology class catches his attention. Christopher befriends the girl he fancies. As prom night comes nearer, he asks her to be his date. Christopher and the girl go to prom together.
The other day I made a grilled cheese sandwich. It was very tasty. It was so good I wanted to make one for all my friends. I bought all the things I needed to make a lot of sandwiches. It turns out that my friends don't like grilled cheese.
Amy couldn't swim. She took a swim class at her Gym. It was weeks of practice. Amy and her husband went on vacation to Jamaica. Amy surprised her husband by showing she now could swim.
I was asleep when my two year old ran into the room panicking. I grabbed my robe and looked outside to see what he was scared of. I saw outside that it was snowing, something he had never seen. We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it. We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards.
The twin towers had been brought down by planes. Everyone in Kate's office was talking about it. Work felt unimportant. Everyone wanted to keep up to date with the news. They all wished they could go back home and watch their TV's.
Tonya had just moved into a new house. She was planning a housewarming party. The day before, her dog had ripped up her carpet. Also, a small fire erupted in the kitchen as she was cooking. She was so mad, she canceled the party.
Frank angrily muched on a piece of pizza. He and his girlfriend had argued before the pizza came. Something on the pizza did not taste right. Frank was not speaking to Susie, so he said nothing. Susie did not tell him about the dead fly he angrily ate.
Jason worked as a bodyguard. He would work for a variety of different clients. One week, he was tasked with looking after Brad Pitt. He was a huge fan of Brad Pitt. Unfortunately, Brad wasn't very nice in person like Jason imagined.
I like the beach because of the ocean. However, I cannot stand the sand. Sand always ends up getting in between my toes. Making it hard to walk. People wonder why I always wear socks on the beach.
Tim was going to the club with friends. There was a long line outside. The wait was about half an hour. Tim's friends wanted to wait. Tim didn't and went home.
Barry always wanted to visit the Statue of Liberty. Barry's boss informed him of a work trip to New York next week. Barry realized that would be the perfect time to visit the Statue. Barry ensured to check his schedule so that he would have time. q. Barry could not wait to visit the Statue of Liberty.
Dominic was not a movie lover. But he was eager to see the new Star Wars movie. He avoided ads so as not to ruin any surprises. He saw it right after school the day it was released. He was completely satisfied by the movie, and planned to see it again!
Jeb was sobbing miserably. His toy dump truck had just broken! But then his dad chuckled and told him to cheer up. His dad glued the truck back together easily. When the glue dried, it was as good as new!
Eli was getting distracted by the files in his download directory. He'd finally had enough! Eli stopped what he was doing and backed up the software. He then moved the files to a proper archive directory. Now Eli isn't as distracted by his messy filesystem.
The two cars were parked on the white line. They were ready to race! The winner was going to receive $1000 dollars. The yellow car flew out ahead. He won by five car lengths!
Jared needed to find a replacement for bass guitar at his concert. He asked his friend but he was busy doing a gig. He asked another friend but he did not know how to play bass guitar. Jared posted an ad online asking for a bass guitarist. Jared met someone and was able to progress with the concert.
Ed wanted to play baseball with his son Matt. He bought a ball and bat. Then he taught Matt the rules. He and matt began practicing. Soon they were playing baseball every day together!
I want to stay with him forever. He hurt me yesterday however. He said cruel things to me. I felt like running away. I told him I couldn't take it anymore.
Estelle was driving home from work. She was texting and did not see a stop sign. He car collided with another person's car. Estelle broke her neck and ended up in the hospital. The injury left her paralyzed, and therefore she never texted again.
Jim thought old movies were boring. Then one night his cable went out. He had to watch black and white films on regular TV. It turned out that some of them were very good! Jim decided old movies weren't so boring after all.
I came home from work. Before I walked to the kitchen, my eyes were starting to close. I immediately collapsed on my bed. My brother struggled to wake me up the next morning. I felt puzzled when I woke up.
We used to go to the park all the time. One afternoon we went as usual. My brother decided to crawl on the floor. He cut open his knee. He needed 19 Stitches that night.
Kyle had outgrown his bunk bed. He donated his bed to a center in town. Kyle went to a furniture store. He bought a new bed. Kyle brought his new bed home.
Lisa has a lot of homework to do tonight. But she would really like to go to the football game. Lisa started her homework as soon as she got home, so now she can go. The football game lasted longer than expected and Lisa got home late. It was a good thing she did her homework early.
Wendel writes old forms of poetry for fun. He prefers to write in iambic tetrameter. And he especially likes writing in heroic couplets. Wendel submitted a poem to a contest. Wendel did not win the contest.
I played soccer goalie for one game as a kid. Unfortunately I allowed a lot of goals. The crowd got the best of me and I started to cry. Eventually I cost my team the game. I never played goalie again.
My husband recently joined a bbq competition. He makes the best BBQ ribs in the world. His sauce was really special, and it wowed the judges. They offered him second place in the competition, and he was proud. He is now considering starting his own BBQ business.
Tom gave me a shirt for my birthday. I thought the shirt was very ugly and not my style. Mary's birthday was coming up next month. I put the shirt back in the box and rewrapped it. The following month, I presented it to Mary for her birthday.
Jake is given an assignment. Jake does not spend much time on it. He plays video games instead. The next day in school he gives his presentation. He is given a failing grade for poor performance.
Ashley had been working hard at work. She always got there early and stayed late. Her bosses took notice. They called her into their office and offered her a promotion. She happily accepted.
Natalie decided that she'd like to go camping. She visited an outdoors store and bought supplies. She picked her location and set out on her adventure. She settled into her tent and stared at roof, bored. She pulled out her phone to play Clash of Clans.
Amelia tried walking to school. She walked under a tree for a short moment. A coconut fell from the tree. It knocked her on the head. She was unconscious for several minutes.
I had been looking all day for the perfect new car. However none of them seemed right. Maybe it just wasn't my day. Then I looked across the street and saw a beautiful BMW. My eyes lit up, because it was perfect.
Tom was really hot one day. And his air conditioner wasn't helping enough. So he went to his freezer and got an ice pack. And putting it on his forehead helped him cool down. Tom was glad he didn't have to spend money on a new air conditioner.
Meredith needed to buy a present for her Grandma. She knew her grandmother liked to read, and bought her a kindle. When her grandmother received the present, she was confused. Meredith had to explain what an ebook was, and show her how it worked. Her grandma was glad Meredith thought of her, but never used the Kindl.
My sister is amazing! For my birthday she got me tickets to my favorite band. She is going to go with me to the concert. She said she's going to take me to dinner before the show. This is one of the best birthdays ever.
Aiden always hated his name. He was deeply traumatized by his name for years. Kids in school always made fun of his name. When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name. The judge granted his request and Aiden was now Jake.
Jenny thought she was an amazing singer She went to try out for a band The band was impressed and allowed her to join Jenny and the band began practicing a lot together Eventually Jenny and the band were playing live shows
Greg approached Gina while she was trying to go to class. Since her friends were around, she felt embarrassed. She pretended that she didn't know Gary. Although he was confused, he still tried to get her attention. She walked away with her friends.
I used to drink out of paper cups. One day I decided to buy glass cups. I find the cups great. I can clean them easily. I only hate that I have already dropped and broken many!
Jamie was making smoothies. She put berries and yogurt and ice in blender. She blended them up and then put them in glasses. They were delicious! Jamie decided to make more smoothies tomorrow.
Amy had been employed as a cashier at Marshall's for 5 months. Her boss suggested she be moved to the service desk. Amy was surprised since she hadn't been employed there long. She was pleased to find she was being promoted because of her hard work That night Amy and her boyfriend went to dinner to celebrate.
I wanted to spend less money on food. So I decided to bake my own granola bars. I brought them with me during bike rides. And I didn't have to stop at cafes any longer. I ended up saving lots of money.
Bella's teacher gave her an egg to look after. She had to keep it safe for a whole week. Bella did her best, and luckily, nothing bad happened. She returned the egg safe and sound. Her teacher gave her an A on the project.
Gabe played a lot of basketball in his childhood. Gabe would eventually play in college basketball. Many scouts looked at Gabe to see if he was good for the NBA. Gabe broke his leg. Gabe had to stop playing basketball.
Lea was so happy to have saved enough money for a new toy. Her mom took her to toy store. Once Lea got inside she could not decide on a toy. She kept looking and looking until a doll caught her eye. Lea decided on the doll as it looked like her and paid the clerk.
Emma was excited to see the kangaroos at the zoo. She looked carefully to observe their pouches. But none of the kangaroos had babies! Emma realized that what she really wanted to see where the joeys. She went home slightly unsatisfied.
Vanessa didn't like winter or cold weather. Her parents were always trying to get her to play outside in the snow. Vanessa's parents showed her how to make a snowman from the snow. Vanessa loved the snowman so much that she built more snowmen. Now Vanessa's parents have to limit her time playing in the snow.
Lisa's boyfriend, James asked her to go to the movies. He wanted to take her to see the new movie, Suicide Squad. She thought she would hate it and regretted agreeing to go. Lisa actually enjoyed the movie. She was glad she went and had a great time.
Ben was riding his bike when he saw Nate on the side of the sidewalk. Nate had a flat tire in his bike and was about a mile from home. Ben offered to give Nate a lift home on his bike. Nate and Ben rode home together on Ben's bike. Ben felt good being able to help Nate get home.
Jacob loved being around nature. He seemed to never have time for it because of his job. One day, he found the perfect job for him and his passions. He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position. Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger.
I found a hole in my panties and decided to get some new ones. I went to the store down the street. After looking over the kinds, I picked one I liked. I went to the register to make my purchase. Afterwards, I went home and put my panties on!
I have been going to the library every day after school. I like to donate my time to read to children. The children love when I read to them. The children have requested me to read on the weekends as well. I have been going to the library seven day a week now to read stories.
I met a very nice man at church. We became friends and talked all the time on the phone. It was turning romantic but we kept meeting in public. He said he couldn't invite me over because of the mess. He was right, it was horrible but I still love him.
Brett secretly liked to dance. He especially liked dancing to kpop music. One day, his mom caught him dancing in his room. And Brett felt ashamed. Later on, he deleted all of his k-pop music and sold his speakers.
Chad's kids wanted to go to the zoo. Chad and his wife were too busy. They asked their grandparents to take them. They thought that was a great idea. The kids had a great time at the zoo!
Jason wanted nothing more than to be on top of everyone else. To achieve his ambition, he devoted all his hours to devise a plan. He worked on the plan for years, adjusting details every day. But after years and years of work, he still wasn't at the top. In the end, the plan was so complicated, he had to let it go.
I've worked my whole adult life for a reason. All the time, I've been saving for a big trip. I always wanted to see the arctic wilderness. When I finally reached retirement, I planned my trip. It was worth the wait!
John was walking down a street. John saw a restaurant. John ate at the restaurant and realized it was good. John would go to the restaurant daily. One day, John saw that the restaurant had shut down.
I sent flowers and a big cookie to my wife for V Day. I sent cookies to my daughter. I sent these items to work. Their colleagues were impressed. I was glad to show my love.
Jill always sent her graphic designer instructions at the last minute. One day, she sent him a job that she needed by the end of the day. However, her graphic designer was out sick. The job didn't get done and Jill looked bad in front of the client. Jill never waited until the last minute again.
I took French class in school many years ago. One time in that class, I decided to do my history homework. My French teacher noticed. She was not happy. She told my social studies teacher that this had happened.
Billy likes to go shopping at the mall. He asks his father if they can leave for the mall soon. His father says we're not going to the mall. We're going grocery shopping. He was only kidding and they went to the mall.
Jean was going to the dentist. She was going to have dental surgery. Jean was going to have to be put under anesthesia. Jean's brother went along with her. Her brother drove Jean back after the appointment.
The man sprinted down the track. His friend sprinted faster than him. He practiced sprinting for three months. He became faster than his friend. He made fun of his friend for being too slow.
Olaf bought an old camera at a garage sale. He loved it and took many Polaroids. But then he ran out of film and had to buy more! He was astonished at how expensive it was. Olaf decided to start taking fewer pictures!
Rufus was tired to have his neighbor's dog sniffing on his lawn. He put some rose bushes to block the dog from coming in. But the dog liked the roses so much, he peed on them. Rufus, tired, spoke to his neighbor. They agreed that if the dog didn't pee, Rufus would give roses.
Little Lorraine did not want to go to bed. First she required a story. After the story she claimed she needed to be cuddled. After being cuddled she demanded to be sung to while being rocked. Then after all of those requirements were met she still fought on.
I went to get bagels at the coffee shop. There was a really pretty girl there too. If I was single, I would have tried to get a coffee with her! Instead, I ordered my bagels to go. I went home to my pathetic life.
Derek moved into a new house today. He's been up for 24 straight hours now. Moving furniture has really taken a toll on him. Derek realizes he has pulled a muscle in his back. He's very grateful that he thought to set up his bed first.
Tom's neighbors had kids. He thought they were loud and annoying. He would constantly tell them to quiet down when they were outside. They would never listen to him. Tom eventually complained to their parents about it.
It had been raining all week, and it put Sue in a gloomy mood. When the rain finally ended, Sue looked out her window. Out in the field was a rainbow. Sue loved the rainbow and it made her smile. Ever since, she looks for the rainbow after the storm.
Bob is a trucker who drove to the nearest stop to fill up on gas. At the stop, he filled the truck with gas and chatted with others. He made arrangements to meet up with one trucker at the next stop. They both drove to the next stop and had lunch at a nearby restaurant. After lunch, Bob finished work and checked into a motel for the night.
Sue was very tired. She decided to go home and take a nap. When she woke up, it was time to eat dinner. However, Sue decided to go back to sleep. Sue wasted her day away.
Kyle needed a new pair of headphones. He went to the store and tried on different ones on display. He asked the workers about their preferences. After checking reviews he bought them online through his phone. They arrived at his house shortly after he did.
Amy accidentally dropped her favorite watch, breaking it. She took the watch to a local repair shop. The clerk at the shop inspected the damage. The clerk told Amy the shop would repair the watch within one week. Amy was overjoyed that the shop would repair the watch so quickly.
Manuel was having a difficult time paying his rent. He knew that he would be evicted if he didn't figure something out. He then remembered that his friend was looking for a house. Manuel asked him to move in and be his roommate. His friend agreed and Manuel kept his house.
Dan was riding his brand new bicycle to the store for candy. Dan is always excited to get candy. In his excitement he forgot to lock his bicycle. When he came out of the store his bicycle was gone! Dan never saw his brand new bicycle again.
Janice wanted to get beers for her boyfriend after work. She couldn't decide which to get. Eventually she figured she would just get a variety of his favorite. Instead of paying, she tried to steal them. She got away with it and he got drunk.
Ron is a famous singer from a boy's band. He is forty-four years old. But since he was a teen, he has heard about a guy who looked like him. Ron met that men in a music retail store and research his history. He and that man were second cousins!
Tom won a raffle at his office. He received a free lunch at a fancy restaurant. Tom was excited to go. He invited his girlfriend. Tom had a great time for free.
Ed dropped his new phone in a puddle. His friend told him to put it in a bowl of uncooked rice. He said it would absorb the water. Ed didn't believe him, but he was desperate. The next day his phone was totally back to normal.
Sammy wanted to get a new dog. Her parent thought she couldn't take care of it. She adopted an egg as a pet. She carried it around everywhere she went. Her parents bought her the dog.
My health began to slip as I got older. My doctor told me to change my diet to eat less fat. I began to follow his advice while eating. I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change. Even at an old age, I felt healthy again.
Enid poured some bubble bath under the running water. She couldn't wait to take a relaxing bath. As she waited for the tub to fill she noticed the bubbles growing. She realized she had put in too much bubble bath. The bubbled cascaded out of the tub and all over the floor.
Cody's mom has 5 brothers. He loved to hang out and play with all of them. But he got along with his Uncle Keanu the most. They liked the same games,movies and even foods. Cody said that Keanu was his favorite Uncle.
My old boss used to brew beer as a hobby. He made many types of beers and ales. His friends said he should sell his beer. One day he lost his job. He formed his own brewery and is doing well.
Zack's son wanted a bike for his birthday. But he knew he couldn't afford one. While Zack waited at a bus stop one day, he saw a bike with no lock. So he grabbed it and took in on the bus with him. When Zack's son got the bike for his birthday, he was ecstatic.
Bart got a skateboard for Christmas. Bart tried to ride the skateboard. Bart fell off the skateboard. Bart was scared of the skateboard. Bart hid the skateboard in his closet.
Today I raked my entire backyard. There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up. I used the dead grass to start a fire in my burn ring. The burn ring was not able to contain the fire. I am glad I raked up the grass because the fire would have spread.
Sarah won a pageant preliminary. She now has four months to get ready for state competition. She has hired a personal trainer. Sarah is in the gym every day. Her trainer is determined that she will win swimsuit.
Mary's couches were torn and beat up. So she wanted a new one. She went to the store and found a nice couch. She bought it and got help from her son's to put it in her house. Mary loved her new couches.
Skip was standing in line for ice cream. He see's a pretty girl stand in line behind him. Skip turns around to her nervously. Skip introduces himself. The two walk off into the night getting to know each other.
Kate had stained the inside of the washer with Dye. She had to find a way to clean it up. Her mother suggested vinegar. She poured half the bottle in and let it run through a wash cycle. It faded the stain, but it was still visible.
Susan was making a scrapbook. She was making a page about a birthday party. She realized that she didn't have any photos from the party. Instead, she had her son draw a picture from the party. It turned out to be a cute alternative.
Gabe was eating lunch with his friends. They liked to play jokes on each other. When Gabe went to the restroom, his friend put salt in his soda. Gabe returned and gagged as he took a sip of his drink. His friends all roared with laughter.
Adam needed to go to the store, but his car would not start. He had to walk to the store. He put his headphones in and turned his music on. He walked at a brisk pace while listening to the music. He made it to the store quickly.
I used to work on Mechanical Turk I hated captcha codes. I could never seem to type them correctly. One time, I missed ten captcha codes in a row! Amazon decided to ban me.
Alicia decided to have a party at her beach house. She invited all her friends. They blasted music and ate lots of food. However that came to a halt. Alicia's parents came back early and were not happy.
Tim had a huge party. He made carrot stew. However, everyone hated it. Tim began to cry. He then was happy when he realized his dog loved the stew.
Kelsi loved cupcakes. A new cupcake place opened up. Kelsi decided to try it. When she went in she ordered chocolate. The cupcake was heaven to her.
My friend Joe has kidney problems. His doctors are trying to diagnose his illness. One of his issues is excessive urination. His urologist prescribed Flomax. Joe was afraid of the side effects but so far is doing better.
Ann left the house, nervous for her first day at a new school. The principal greeted Ann and led her to her new class. The teacher smiled and showed Ann where to sit. The girl in front of Ann turned around and smiled. Ann was surprised to feel at home in her new classroom.
Brett was shopping for groceries. He packed his shopping cart full of food. He waited in line patiently at the checkout. All of a sudden he remembered he left his wallet at home. Brett went home to grab his wallet shortly afterwards.
Andrew told me that his mom was going to get them a dog! He was so excited but she said he couldn't pick it out. He was extremely unhappy after that and very angry. When his mom got home with the dog Andrew changed his mind! He was so happy with what she picked out and he loved the puppy!
Harry loved to scavenge for gemstones. He spent his weekends looking for topaz. One day, he finally found some yellow topaz. He took it home and shaped it into a gemstone. He sold the gemstone for a profit.
Jim's hands were sweating as he was walking to her front door. He had liked Jayme for so long, he was so happy to take her out. Jayme answered the door and walked to his car with him. They had a nice dinner at a diner and saw a show afterward. Both of them had a great time and agreed upon another date.
Gina had been in tights for 6 hours. The tight waistband was biting into her stomach. She pulled the waistband away from the indentation in her stomach. She pulled the tights off slowly. She wanted to savor every moment of her liberation for nylon.
Jane had a soft spot for animals. She decided to volunteer at a shelter. At the shelter, she was given the job of cleaning cages. All day, she cleaned nasty messes from the cages. Jane never went back to help at the shelter.
They were making a show about Amy's favorite books. She waited anxiously to see the show. As she watched she felt cheated. None of the characters looked like they did in the book. In the end she decided to stick to the books and ditch the show.
Bob's phone charger broke. Alas, he was expecting a call from his friend. Sure enough, his phone died and he couldn't recharge it. He quickly ran to the store to buy a new charger. He was able to charge his phone just minutes before his friend called!
Joe was brushing his teeth. The water stopped working. Joe was sad. It turns out his faucet was broken. He bought a new one and it was perfect.
It was Rachel's birthday. Everyone decided to swim in the pool. Rachel didn't have a swimsuit with her. She decided to jump in with her clothes on. Even though everything was wet, she still had fun.
Peter was buying presents for his kids. He stocked up on board games. He wrapped them up and put them under the tree. He was excited for them to see them on Christmas morning. The family loved playing board games together.
Macy was eagerly waiting for her paycheck to come in for her vacation. It was a 3 state road trip covering CA, WA and OR, she was excited. When her check came in she packed her bags and met up with friends. They drove across the states and saw many attractions adding joy. At the end of their trip they all felt fulfilled and ready for work.
Louis liked working on computers. Louis started his own business working on computers. Louis accepted too much work when he started. Now Louis is overwhelmed with too much work. Louis hired a second person to help him finish all the computers.
Bobby was approaching her first day of kindergarten. Her parents knew that she would be very nervous. They waited till the day that school started to tell her about it. She didn't really understand what was happening. She cried all day and threw up.
Amanda went to a rock concert. She wanted to take a selfie with her favorite singer. After concert she waited in a backstage. He finally came. She took selfie and then he kissed her.
A friend told me Lime juice plus Kool Aid taste really good. I did not believe him but asked for the recipe anyway. He gave me me the same recipe that was on back of the Kool Aid package. My friend just add lime juice to the Koolaid recipe. I made the recipe and discovered lime juice Kool Aid really is good.
Tim was watching television at home at night. All of a sudden lightning hit nearby. It surged throughout Tim's house. Tim noticed smoke coming out of the television. It had burned out its circuits.
Georgia had acne which she hated. That was normal for a teenager, but Georgia was sixty. She went to the doctor to get medicine for it. But the medicine cost over a hundred bucks a month. Georgia decided to live with the acne.
Haley planted lots of flower seeds hoping to grow a garden. After a few weeks, she could see the seeds starting to sprout! A rainstorm suddenly appeared one day and drowned the new plants! Haley noticed that one flower was still alive and nurtured it. After much work, Haley felt pride as her beautiful flower bloomed.
Amanda was excited for her job interview at a big department store. This would be her first job interview. Amanda wore her favorite dress and flats to the interview. The manager who interviewed her ended up really liking Amanda. Amanda got a call two weeks later saying she got the job!
Zach was reading an extremely interesting book as he walked. Suddenly the book slipped from his hands and fell to the ground. It went into a puddle, completely ruining it. Zach was agonizing over not being able to read the ending. Luckily he was able to find the story online to finish it.
Brian, Sean and I crossed a railroad bridge. The bridge crossed a large river. The tracks began to rumble and bounce. The train came. We jumped into the river.
Ashley has had long hair all of her life. She decided to get her hair cut short one day. After she had it shaved, she realized how much she hated long hair. Now she never has long hair and keeps her hair very short. She's a lot happier and looks a lot better, too.
Serena was playing with her baby one day. He was babbling a lot and she tried to encourage him to speak. Suddenly he said the word momma clear as day. Serena was so excited and she pulled out her video camera. Luckily she caught him speaking on the video.
Sam and her mom were grocery shopping. Sam's mom was looking at the soda. There was a new design on her favorite soda. The package boasted real cane sugar as an ingredient. Sam's mom shouted for joy.
Mike was graduating high school later in the day. He was very anxious, so he thought about skipping. He put on his clothes and then drove to the event. When he got there, Mike decided to drive back home because his nerves. When he got back home, Mike regretted skipping graduation.
Timmy requested a pirate themed birthday party. His mom couldn't find any toy swords at the store. She decided to buy cardboard boxes and aluminum foil. She cut swords out of cardboard and wrapped them in foil. All the kids at the party had fun playing with their safe weapons.
Bob was driving a big green tractor. He drove his tractor into a fence. The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going. Bob could not stop his tractor. Bob decided that he needed to learn how to drive his tractor.
Lana wanted to submit artwork for the yearbook cover. She was really hopeful that she would win. When she was submitting it, she noticed someone with great artwork. She became nervous that her's wouldn't be chosen. Luckily, her art was chosen for the cover.
Harry was a lawyer and was in the middle of court. He suddenly got a text from his mother. The text said that his uncle was dead. Harry asked for a stay in court. The judge granted it.
Billy very much wanted to buy comic books at the store every week. Unfortunately, Billy did not have enough money for comics. One day Billy's neighbor gave Billy his old lawn mower. Billy used the mower to cut some neighborhood lawns for pay. Now Billy has enough money for comics every week.
Becky needed a new bookshelf for all her novels. But she knew her mom couldn't spare the money for a new shelf. She decided to try to solve her problem herself. She found some scrap lumber and a few nails, and began working. She made herself a strong, attractive shelf - for free!
I returned home with groceries one day after shopping. I carried my groceries into the house and put them on the counter. I opened my fridge, and noticed there was no room for my groceries. I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items. After cleaning out the fridge, I had to take my trash out to the can.
Jim lost his hat at the train station. He put up posters of his hat. After a week, someone called Jim. She had found his hat on a bench. She returned it him and he bought her dinner to say thank you.
Dan was a crooked businessman he often cheated innocent people One day one of his victims found out about Dan He called the FBI Dan was sent to jail
Dave's father brought him to a movie. The movie was a silent picture. Dave didn't know that the movie was silent. He was bored with the movie. Dave fell asleep in the movie.
Emily is looking for a job. She has to take personality tests for each job. She doesn't have enough time to take all of the tests for every job. Emily decides to pick the jobs she wants the most. Emily finished the tests for the jobs she wanted the most.
Elliott had children at a young age and spent most of his life working. His co-workers and kids knew the one vacation he truly wanted. As a surprise for his retirement they sent him on that vacation. Elliott went on an all expenses paid three week Bahama cruise. Those who visit him have the pleasure of a recounted tale of that trip.
Michael was the best goaltender in his school Chris thought he could score a goal on him, and so he made a bet When they got on the ice, Chris took the puck and scored a goal. Michael got angry and made another bet He lost again, and vowed to get better.
Serena was a quiet girl and never got to go to parties. She grew tired of staying at home alone all weekend. She decided to throw a big party at her home to make new friends. She set everything up perfectly and watched as her guests mingled. They all had a great time at her party!
She accidentally tipped over the monitor. She had been trying to clean up a spill. Tipping the monitor made it fall on the base. The base broke into several pieces. Now she would have to buy a new one.
Tom was graduating from high school. He didn't think it was that big of a deal. Once he got his diploma he heard big cheers from the crowd. Tom couldn't resist smiling. It meant a lot more to him than he thought.
Rex always had a love for the sport of football. He knew he could never quite be a player. He decided he wanted to coach the game. He asked the local high school for an internship. They granted his request and he started to coach the game he loved.
Raven went to the doctors She had to get her checkup. The doctor said everything is fine with her. The doctor gave her a lollipop and hand sanitizer. She was happy about the outcome.
Once there was a man who was very shy and withdrawn. Everyone at his job seemed to be happier and more successful than him. When all hope seemed lost, he decided to put himself out there. He also started working out and became more confident. Overall, his life changed for the better.
Tim woke up early one day. He decided to eat cereal before work. After taking a bite he realized it was stale. Tim decided he didn't care. He kept eating it after it soaked in the milk a bit.
Ava was at the ice cream parlor. She was debating what kind of cone to get. She wanted both chocolate and vanilla! Finally she decided to order a twist cone. Ava licked her cone happily, satisfied with her choice.
Tina, 26, always wanted to go to the local water park. Today, she decided, was the day she would experience the water park. She relaxed in a tube in a wading pool. But a cute black guy flirted with Tina in the wading pool. Tina married that cute black guy and laughed at where she met him.
Horatio has spent months looking for work. He applies to many jobs but he cannot find one. Finally a friend tells him that they have a job opening at her bar. Horatio applies successfully for the bartending job. Horatio feels great that he has finally found a job.
Tom is great at his job. He gets sick one week. He is unable to do his work. Mark fills in for Tom. Tom is replaced by Mark.
Tim moved into a new house. The basement always freaked him out. One day he misbehaved and his mom locked him down there. He freaked out and cried uncontrollably. His mom used it as a threat whenever he acted up.
Joe's cat climbed a tree and got stuck. Joe tried to climb the tree but the branches were too small. Luckily, his friend had a ladder so he went to borrow it. When he got there he found his cat happily lapping milk. The neighbor had coaxed the cat down without needing to climb at all.
Sarah was in charge of planting trees in a city. She decided to plant apple trees. The apple trees grew tall. The homeless people were able to pick the fruit. Sarah was happy to give them a healthy food source.
Kelsi sang a ballad at the club yesterday. To her surprise, a music producer gave her his card. Kelsi was elated. She took the card and called her friends. A week later he gave her a contract.
Lola had brought alcohol to her school prom. She ended up drunk wandering the empty hallways. She narrowly missed being caught and getting into trouble. Luckily, her friends tracked her down and helped her. She promised to never drink at school again.
Gina put her new brand named shoes under her bed. She couldn't wait for the first day of school so she could wear them. She pulled the box out to look at the them 3 times a day. Finally it was the first day of school. It was raining and Gina got mud on her pretty new shoes.
Daniel arrived at the doctor's office. There were three receptionists. There was no one in line. They told him to take a number and wait. As soon as he sat, they called his number.
Will said something very hurtful about a co-worker. Will decided he really needed to make amends. Will approached the co-worker very solemnly. Will apologized sincerely for what he said. The co-worker forgave Will.
Brandon asked Jane for her number and she gave it to him. A few hours later, she got a text from him. Since she was busy from work, she didn't respond back. The phone was buzzing all day with phone calls. She called him to simply scream at him.
Gina and Lisa were walking to the Park. Lisa ran from a bee without thinking. Gina laughed at how silly Lisa was. Lisa had run off and left his sister and brother in their stroller. The bee hadn't, but could have stung one of the kids.
Ned had signed up his son to play tee ball. There weren't enough coaches in the league. The director asked Ned to help coach the team. Ned agreed to help coach the team. His son enjoyed having him around.
I was not nervous my first day of school. I was always around other kids, so I wasn't afraid of them. I was the only kid who didn't cry when my mother left me. I sat at my desk and played with the toys. She gave me a big hug at the end of the day, and said I was pretty.
Jia walked into the classroom. She noticed that everyone was taking the exam. The teacher reminded her that she's an hour late to the exam. Knowing this, Jia tried to work fast through the exam. Although she didn't finish in time, she passed.
Connor had a bad day at work. He came home from work. Connor's son came up to ask him a question. Connor blew up at his son. Connor later apologized for hurting his son's feelings.
Allie had a student loan. One payment was due tomorrow. She had to get it together. She set an alarm for herself. When it went off she paid it.
The man listened through the wall. He heard voices arguing. He told his wife that the neighbors were fighting. His wife told him to mind his own business. The neighbor turned on some music to drown out the noise.
I have always been better than average at art, especially drawing. The last three years, I have dedicated some time to get great at it. I'm pretty good now, and I'm honestly being humble. Looking back, learning art concepts was ridiculously easy. I can't believe how long I took it took me to learn these concepts.
His outfit drew quite a scene. He had bell bottoms, a rhinestone jacket, and a massive red afro. A few people snickered. He turned to them and pointed out the pink frames on their glasses. The people realized they wouldn't be cool forever.
It was early in the morning and my door bell rang. I answered the door but no one was there. I went back inside and the doorbell rang again. Again I answered the door but no one was there. This time I waited by the door and caught a kid ringing my doorbell.
Jane cooked spinach and chicken for dinner. Her kids hated spinach. They refused to eat it. Jane promised them a new toy if they ate the spinach. Upon hearing this, her kids gobbled up the spinach!
Jen was looking for a house in Colorado Springs. She found her perfect dream house. It was even in her price range! She rushed down to the agent with the listing. Jen was relieved no one had bought it before she could.
Tim bought a new pair of pants. He washed them before wearing them. They shrank a lot in the wash. Tim figured he would break them in. It took a bit but he was able to.
Lana made a bumble bee Halloween costume for her pet dog. And she loved how cute it looked. Her dog didn't enjoy wearing it though. But Lana punished the dog for trying to take it off. Lana took hundreds of pictures and showed off the costume to everyone.
Jana dreamed of opening her own business. She found a small storefront for sale. She purchased the location and hired employees. After a few months, she was ready to open a brand new coffee shop. Jana was excited to start a new journey of business ownership.
When I lived in Nome Alaska I had my 12th birthday at the beach. It was so windy that the seagulls couldn't even fly. We moved my entire party into the back of my parents Suburban. All 12 kids, the cake, presents,my parents, and a dog fit in the back. When I grew up, and had a family of my own, I bought a Suburban.
The only thing Susie wanted one Christmas was a guitar. Unfortunately her parents were going through financial difficulties. To Susie's disappointment, Dad said they'd get her something cheaper. Come Christmas, Susie heard a knock at the door but no one was there. When Susie looked down she saw two guitars, but who brought them?
Whitney was shaking with nervousness. She was starting her new job today! She walked up the steps, reassuring herself. She introduced herself to her new coworkers. She sat down and got to work!
Brad and Julie were excited. The couple had just closed on their first house. They began getting everything ready for the move. Moving in was a long and hard process, but they finally did it. Brad and Julie were so happy in their new home.
It was one week before Christmas. I was nine months pregnant and didn't want to walk around stores. However I needed to do some shopping. I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart's website. The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy.
Tom had nothing to do one afternoon. He was bored by television. Even videogames bored him. Tom decided to just lay around until night. It was also boring.
Donald decided he wanted to join the track team. He ran every day after school for two hours. He even got a gym membership for the treadmill! He tried out for the team but wasn't very confident. The coach called him later that day and told him he passed!
George made sure his kids were in bed before he went downstairs. As he got to the downstairs' table, he saw delicious sugar cookies. George looked around, and took a bite of the tasty dessert. The cookies were delicious and he ate every single one of them. He later drank the milk that was there as well.
Tom started reading a new book. It was longer than what he normally goes for. It started up slow but he hoped it would get better. After several hours of reading he was near the end. It never got any better.
Jimmy was practising hard to try and be a better ball player. He'd spend hours at a time hitting baseballs, pitching and throwing. One day, months after he started, he became frustrated. His mom surprised him with a recording of him playing month ago. Jimmy watched it and was encouraged to see how much he'd improved.
The bush grew too big. The man hired a gardener. The gardener cut the bush down. He left the the debris there. The man hauled it himself.
Stacey was about to try steak for the first time. Since Stacey was Hindu, it was against her religion to eat beef. Thankfully she was given a pass. The beef tasted amazing. It was the best she ever tasted.
Jill wanted to learn how to swim. All of her friends swam at the local pool so Jill felt left out. She decided to sign up for lessons. She took the 3 week course and could now swim. Jill showed off her swimming skills to her friends.
Peter laces his shoes with only black laces. He has several pairs of shoes as well. People often wonder why he only uses the black laces in his shoes. He tells them that he believes black laces bring good luck. Peter won the lottery and is now retired at 45.
Tom had trouble with money. He never had enough to pay bills. As soon as his check came, it was gone. Tom set up automatic payments with his bank account. Tom never had trouble paying bills again.
Heather grew tired of her internet connection cutting in and out. She tried everything on her end to fix the problem herself. Heather couldn't find what the problem was by herself inside the house. She called her cable company asking for a technician to come out. Technician came out, fixed the problem, and now the internet is fine.
Chris spent a day at the beach. He swam a bit in the water then came ashore. Chris spread out a blanket on the sand. He laid down on the blanket and fell asleep. Chris woke up with a sunburn.
Betty always brought her lunch to work. One day, she left her lunch at home and was very mad. She decided she would not buy lunch out. She was so hungry all afternoon. That night, she put a reminder on her phone about lunch.
Rob was at a grocery store. And he wanted to buy coffee. He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys. But he saw another brand on sale. When he tried the coffee at home, he realized why it was on sale.
Tina and the girls went driving at night by the beach. The girls unfortunately got pulled over. Tina opened her window to see a cop. The cop was good looking and pulled them over to hit on them. Fortunately he asked her out
The sun came up. The roosters crowed for the new day. The man awoke to the rooster's sound. He got up and went to the farm. He fed the crowing rooster first.
Ryan was a great athlete. Swimming was his best sport. He won medals in every meet. Soon, he had a collection of medals. He displayed them in his room.
Tom was riding his skateboard down the sidewalk. Suddenly, the sidewalk ended at a long staircase. Tom tried to ride his skateboard down the staircase. He fell and rolled all of the way to the bottom. He sprained his ankle and broke his skateboard.
Abby wanted to go see her aunt but was afraid to fly. Her friend suggested she talk to her doctor. Abby saw her doctor and told her about her fears and concerns. The doctor explained her treatment options and prescribed a sedative. Abby followed the doctor's advice and had a trouble free trip.
I was taking a test once. I didn't study for it. During the test I could've cheated and made a good grade. I decided not to cheat. Even though I failed, I'm happy with my choice.
The bride waited nervously at the door to the chapel. Her pouffy white dress could not hide her anxiety. All she wanted was a sign from above. Suddenly it started raining. The bride smiled and walked toward the aisle and her future husband.
Gina and her cousin didn't get along. But they were both visiting their grandma's house at the same time. They sat on the porch and tried to have a conversation. But they couldn't find much to talk about. They sat on the porch in an awkward silence.
Mel wanted to eat lunch. He cooked macaroni and cheese. Mel's sister wanted some also. Mel shared his macaroni and cheese with his sister. It was a nice lunch.
Neil took a train into Buffalo, New York. He landed at City Hall. He explored downtown Buffalo all day. He enjoyed a big plate of Buffalo wings for dinner. Neil wished he could stay in Buffalo forever!
Jean loved listening to all different kinds of music. She didn't sing or play instruments- she just appreciated sound. Her mom wished Jean would play or sing so she'd have job prospects. But Jean wasn't worried, and after high school, she soon got a job. Her mom was pleased to see Jean happily working as a music critic!
Andy lived in the northern city of Jacksonville, Florida. Andy was quite shocked in the weather of Jacksonville lately. Yesterday, it was above 90 degrees, and very sunny. However, today, Jacksonville was under a Hurricane warning. Andy was quite perplexed at the crazy weather in Jacksonville.
Sam and Mark went on a field trip to the museum. They saw old dinosaur bones and other fossils. Their teacher told them not to touch anything. The boys touched the T-Rex skeleton and it fell down. The entire class was kicked out of the museum forever.
Nick needed a new suit for a job interview he had. He went to the store and looked at tons of suits. He wasn't sure which color to go with. He read online that blue suits were the best for job interviews. Nick bought a dark blue suit and looked amazing in it.
Tim played little league. His dad didn't show up to his game. He was never there to pick him up either. One of tim's friend's dads took him home. Tim cried the entire car ride there.
Don and his friends played football. They all got very messy. It lasted all day. Both teams scored 7 points! They were all happy with the score and went home.
We went to play pool after our exams. There was a local bar that had a bunch of tables. We rented a table and got some beer. We play a few games over the hour. It was a lot of fun, we need to do it more.
Tom was out with friends. He put his phone near another one. They both looked the same. Tom took the wrong phone with him. He had to exchange it back later.
In 1996, Boston hosted Read your Way to Fenway. Any child who read two books got tickets to a Red Sox game. My son read two books and got two tickets. The City provided transportation to Fenway Park. My son grew up to be a Red Sox fan and a reader.
Nic's classmates teased him about his thick glasses. Nic hated the mocking. He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts. He wore them to school, and everyone gaped. Now that his thick glasses were gone, no one picked on Nic!
Emma took her sailboat out one day. The waters were calm at first. But then a storm blew up out of nowhere! Emma had to hurry back to shore. She was lucky to make it back before the storm hit.
Richard had always dreamed of taking a vacation to Ireland. He began saving money for a vacation to Dublin. Finally the day of his trip arrived. He took in the sights, smells, and tastes of Dublin. Looking back, Richard knew it had been the vacation of a lifetime.
Michael was asleep on a stormy night. Suddenly his daughter woke him up. She informed him that the house was wet. He saw that it had flooded several inches deep. He quickly gathered up his family and they left to be safe.
Tom wanted to surprise his wife. He redecorated part of their house. His wife got home to see all the changes. She hated everything he did. Tom had to move stuff back.
We went to the opera last summer. The opera was Martha, by Flotow. The signature aria is The Last Rose of Summer. We had nice seats. We gave the performers a standing ovation.
Dan did the grocery shopping for his family. He would make a list of the things they needed. When the sales ads came out he would see what was on sale. He checked for coupons he could use for each trip. Dan was organized and did a great job feeding his family.
Alex and her family moved to a new city. Alex would have to enroll in a new school. Alex started her first day at Georgetown High School. She was able to make new friends quickly. Alex felt relieved that things had worked out well.
Fred gave everything he had to the game of golf. He practiced whenever he could. He would play whenever his friends were available. He even had golf bumper stickers on his car. So when he passed away they buried his clubs with him.
Tom's upstairs neighbors were really loud. He tried banging on the roof. They didn't care and continued being loud. Tom went up to ask them to stop. They didn't care that time either.
Sara watched the sunrise as she told me she was expecting her first child. She and her husband wanted a big family. When she woke up in pain she thought it must be the flu. By the time the sun came up she knew she needed a doctor. The next sunrise never came for Sara or her baby.
Jane was participating in a game show. She practiced answering trivia questions for weeks. She flew to Los Angeles to compete. On the day of the taping, she was very nervous. She took a deep breath and walked up to the stage.
I met a girl in a club and danced all night. We made out in my car for the rest of the night and morning. I got her number and was excited to continue. I then found out she had a roommate, or boyfriend as I call it. I ended things and felt bad for even being involved.
Jill had a horrible day at school on Wednesday. On Thursday as she walked to the bus she picked up a penny. She told herself it was lucky so she'd have a great Thursday. And she did have a great day. She hoped she'd find another lucky penny on Friday!
Lilly was walking into her house when her foot went through the porch. Lilly called a repairman who told her the porch was rotted. He then gave Lilly an estimate to replace the porch. Lilly saved the money and hired the repair man. A few days latter Lily was standing on her new porch.
Bob played Bill at a game of checkers. Bob was very good and won the first 26 games they played. Bill was determined and new the 27th game would be his. His favorite number was 27 you see. And bill won that game, the last game of checkers he ever played.
Kim went to a local concert. It was for a famous rapper. Kim didn't know any of his songs, but she heard he was popular. Kim ended up really liking it. She went home and downloaded all of his songs.
Carson had been looking online at new bathroom vanities. The one in her bathroom is old and outdated. She decided on an art deco style vanity. She order it and paid for express shipping. The vanity was delivered broke and she had to return it.
Every couple of years a new game console comes out. Dean loved to game on the newest consoles. He bought every one of them on the first day of release. Dean found out that a new console was coming out in one day. He camped out in front of the store in order to get it on release day.
Sarah had been outside all day. When she came in, she was hungry. Sarah ate lunch very quickly! She ate too much too quickly. Together with the heat, it made her sick.
Yesterday was my birthday. I was really afraid no one would remember. I was surprised when I got home and all my friends were there. They all had presents and a big cake. It was the best birthday.
Kia was shopping at the grocery store. She passed a stand where a woman was giving samples of cheese. Kia ate one and enjoyed it. But later, she got quite a stomach ache! Kia wondered if the cheese had sat out too long.
Tim was always late to work. He was told if he was late one more time he would be fired. Tim took the threat seriously. He was never late again. Tim's supervisors commended him on his change.
Bill purchased a custom made Tuxedo including shoes. The fit was perfect and he was looking forward to wearing it. He received an invitation to a grand daughter's wedding. While dressing, he found that the bow tie was not a clip on. He went on the internet and learned to tie the tie.
Susy was getting her test back for science. She was worried what her grade was going to be. So she took a look at it. She saw she failed. Suzy then went to the bathroom and cried.
While rushing a frat, Ivan was arrested. They charged him with being drunk and disorderly! When he awoke the next morning in jail, he was ashamed. The police let him off with a warning, but Ivan had learned. Joining a frat wasn't worth losing his dignity!
Ben bought a brand new computer to replace his old one. Before Ben threw out the old computer he wanted to be safe. He smashed it with a baseball bat so no one could steal his data. He then gathered the pieces in a trash bag and brought it to the curb. When he was sure no one was looking, he tossed it in a trash can.
Cathy knocked on the door. Nobody answered. Cathy left a note for the resident. The residents neighbor took it. The neighbor brought the note over the next day.
Joe always loved candy. The doctor warned Joe to not eat too much candy. Joe did not listen to his doctor. Joe felt very sick one day. Joe's doctor had to tell Joe that he was a diabetic now.
When Peter was young, he liked to play with dolls. As he got older, he realized it was frowned upon for boys. He played with Army men and GI Joe dolls instead. In secret, though, he still liked playing with dolls. Eventually, he didn't care what anyone thought about it.
Jan had weekly shots of desensitizing allergens when she was a teen. The shots worked well and reduce her allergy reactions for ten years. As an adult, her allergy symptoms began to get worse. There was a new desensitizing protocol now available. She puts drops under her tongue every day and her symptoms are gone.
Billy always had a way with exaggerating. To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break. Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance. When Billy was playing on the swing today he fell on the concrete. Nobody came to check or see, but Billy's poor arm hung by a string.
Neil had just landed in London. He was backpacking Europe. London was his first stop. He tried their food and saw the sights. Neil really enjoyed his trip to London!
My sister-in-law had a nervous breakdown in September. She was in the psych ward of a hospital for two weeks. We visited her. The hospital adjusted her medication. She is much better now, and is quite lucid.
It was a hot day. Bob and Lisa were wondering where to go. It was too hot for the beach. They decided on a cool movie theater. Afterwards, they went home.
We tried to find a school with a suitable special needs program. We went from place to place, interviewing teachers. We felt like we were pushing too hard, but instincts kicked in. I didn't want my son attending the school closest by. My instincts were right when the teacher was arrested that year.
May was a teacher at a high school. She had come to hate her job. At finals she gave the students a relatively easy assignment. She was shocked to see there was little effort from the students. May decided to just give everyone a passing grade and be done with it.
One time when I was young, I heard something scary in the trees. It was night, and it scared me so bad that I ran in really fast. I decided to be brave and investigate. After all, I was sure it wasn't an alien or monster. I checked it out with a light, it was a very large owl.
I yelled at a telemarketer yesterday. He wanted to sign me up for a new credit card. He said I could use it to pay for a fancy vacation. I got really mad because he told me to be irresponsible. I hung up the phone on him.
Kelly walked outside her door and saw a parade. She was rather curious about it. The floats looked very intricate. Unfortunately it started to rain. The parade was ruined.
Jimmy had been very responsible with his chores lately. His mom decided to get him a pet. She brought him to the pet store. He chose a chameleon. He named it Ziggy.
Jess just graduated college. She needed to find a job. She interviewed at four places. She got two second interviews. Jess finally got a job offer.
Jacob woke up in the night to use the restroom. The light in the bathroom was out. Jacob walked into the bathroom counter and stubbed his toe. He cut his toe fairly badly. Jacob wasn't able to sleep the rest of the night.
The family had packed their bags. They were leaving for a two week vacation. They planning on visited several European countries. It was the trip of a lifetime! They gathered their things and headed towards the airport.
Dj bought himself some new lingerie. He was quite content with it. Someone knocked on his door while Dj was wearing it. Dj forgot himself and answered the door. His neighbor stared at him in shock.
Shin was a good kid. His parents saw him with smoke near his face. They assumed he was smoking. They were very angry. But Shin was just kicking up dust.
First grade has always stood as my least favorite year in school. The teacher was very mean to me for what seemed like no reason. One day, I was in the bathroom when she was giving instructions. When I returned I asked how to do the assignment. She looked at me angrily and sent me to time out.
Mary invited John to her party. John did not like Mary and her friends. He tried to find some excuse. He told her he needs to help his brother with moving. She understood.
A man was working out at the gym. An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him. Hoping to impress her, he increased the weight on his machine. He overdid it, though, and the weights weighed more than him. He ended up doing a chin-up.
The news reporters were stationed in the tent. This was during the convention. Everything seemed great. Then rain started to pour. All the sudden the tent was crushed.
Edward used to play professional football, but quit after an injury. He needed to find another career. Edward had a degree in mathematics, so he decided to become a teacher. He got his teaching certification and went on to teach high school. It wasn't football, but it was very fulfilling all the same.
Wally needed help on his project but was very prideful. He refused to ask anyone for help even though he needed it. He searched the internet and found inspiration for his project. He got straight to work afterwards and finally completed it. When he turned it in the day after he unfortunately got a C.
Amy walked down the road. She tripped over a rock. She fell down hard. When she got up she picked up the rock. Under the rock was seeds, she then took them and went home.
George got glasses today. He has to go to work in an hour and is nervous. He thinks he looks ridiculous in his new glasses. He walked into work with his head down so nobody will notice. Within an hour of work he got three compliments on his glasses!
Em needed new floors in her kitchen. She couldn't afford anything fancy. Then she found vinyl tiles. They were cheap and durable. Em was able to redo her whole kitchen on a tight budget!
Tiffany loved to lay out by the pool. She was always tan. Because of that, she started seeing moles on her skin. One day, she noticed one of her moles had started to change. Tiffany went to the doctor and her mole was skin cancer.
Lee loved motorcycles. When he turned 16, his dad gave him an old motorcycle as a gift! Lee was thrilled. He went to the DMV and signed up for the bike test. He passed on the first try and soon was driving his bike around town!
For my second grade class we had to do Native American art projects. I decided to make a totem pole. Needless to say my mom did most of the work. It was super awesome and I got a very high grade. Unfortunately, one day I was angry and ripped it apart.
Bob drew an inappropriate doodle of his Physics professor. His professor saw what he'd drew in the notebook. She wasn't amused and sent him to see the Dean. The Dean told Bob he had some real talent. He helped Bob enroll in an art class to nurture it.
Rachel's best friend Becky was having a special birthday party. Becky was taking all of her friends skiing! Unlike all the other girls, Rachel had never been skiing. Rachel felt bad that she was stuck on the bunny hill. Becky came over to do it with her to make her feel better.
Toby had aspired to be the best singer. He played many shows after shows. He wanted to land a record deal. One night Toby sung his heart out in front of a talent agent. Toby was offered a contract to sign to a music label.
After the beating, I felt very sore. I had trouble moving around comfortably for days. He told me it was all my fault. I had driven him to do it, and someday I would marry a man who would. I didn't believe him, and was determined to make sure it wasn't true.
The man was poking around the antique store. He found a vintage typewriter. He brought it home and played around with it. What a cool contraption! It made the man long for the days of the past.
Tom likes to cook. He has a lot of recipe books. He likes to learn how to make food from different parts of the world. Yesterday he made Indian food. The food turned out too spicy but very good.
Mary was going through her closet and couldn't find anything to wear. She needed a new dress for her date that weekend. So Mary decided to go to the local mall and do some shopping. Mary went to a few stores and tried on several dresses. After spending most of the day shopping, she finally found the dress!
Ann retired and was able to stay home all day and relax. Ann soon became bored, and wanted to do something to help others. She decided to volunteer for a organization in need. She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations. She picked a local animal rescue to volunteer at, and helped them.
James studied a dictionary every night last week. When he went to school be began to show off his vocabulary. All of the students were impressed. James felt very proud of his lexicon. James decided to keep studying the dictionary to get even better.
Sally was very fat. She decided she didn't want to be fat anymore. Sally started eating less and running every day. Sally hated running, so after a week she went running less and less. Eventually she quit running and is still very fat.
As a little kid I never got to play catch. My dad was always too tired from work. My mom thought it was silly. I would throw the ball up in the air and catch it myself. It wasn't the same but it kept me busy.
The kids waited in line to ride a camel. They climbed onto the saddle. The camel was furry and huge! They rode around the arena twice. They giggled as they climbed down at the end.
Tammy lost her wedding ring. She freaked out all day looking for it. Her husband helped her look. Finally they checked the garbage disposal. It had fallen there when she washed dishes.
The band rehearsed their set before the big concert. The concert was cancelled due to rain. The band rescheduled the concert. They practiced the songs even more than before. The fans loved the concert.
Sidney was learning to sew. She decided to make a quilt. She carefully sewed each piece together. When it was finished, she entered it in the fair. Her quilt won a blue ribbon!
James wanted to go swimming. He made plans with friends. Unfortunately it started to rain. Most of his friends cancelled. James had to reschedule.
I sat down with a canvas and some paint. I looked out my window for inspiration. I decided to paint an old memory of the city. I painted the lights and buildings. It didn't turn out very well, but I kept it anyway.
Johnny wanted to bake a blueberry pie. He bought all the ingredients to bake it. When he got home he baked the pie. He called his friends over so that everyone could have a slice. He was happy that he had baked a pie.
Jen was anxious about her upcoming final exam. Jen decided to study harder than she ever did before. Jen put a do not disturb sign on her door and began studying. She studying for five hours straight. The next morning, Jen aced her final exam!
Bobby wanted to try out for the track team. He did not think he was good enough so he started to practice. He ran back and forth on his block to improve his speed. When he finally tried out for the team, he got on it! He realized that his hard work is what made him good at the sport.
Chey went to the store to buy some cowboy boots. The woman who helped her was very nice. She encouraged Chey to buy a pair of size 11 boots. Chey bought the boots and went out dancing that night. Unfortunately, size 11 was way too big and she twisted her ankle.
Samuel collected butterflies for his collection. One afternoon he spotted a bright red butterfly. He tried to catch it but it kept flying higher. Samuel got a ladder and went to the roof of his house. He missed his footing and went tumbling off the edge of the house.
Javier has always asked his parents for a toy car. They know toy cars are expensive but they decide to get him one. On Christmas morning Javier's toy car is sitting under the tree. He takes it out for a first drive around the house. Unfortunately, the toy car isn't nearly as fun as he had imagined.
My baby was walking towards the iron. Since the iron was still hot, I told him not to touch it. However, he refused my advice and touched it quickly. When his hand started to burn, he ended up crying. I immediately grabbed the iron away from him.
Jay has been working at the restaurant. A customer came in, demanding free food. Jay told him politely that he can not have free food. The customer got rowdy so that jay had to call the cops. The cops escorted the customer out.
John asked his kids to give him one hour. Just one hour is all John needed to finish his football game. The kids were impatient to go to the zoo. After the game, John drove his kids to the zoo. The kids thought the zoo was not so great at the end of the day.
Greg was moving to a new home. He had to spend the entire morning packing up his things. Once it was packed, he put it in a truck and drove it away. At his new house, he unloaded all of the boxes. Finally, he set up all of his things in his new home.
Jess woke up in the morning late for work. Jess skipped her breakfast so she could catch the bus. Jess made it to work on time but felt very hungry. While working at her desk, Jess felt lightheaded. Jess ate a very large lunch because she was so hungry.
It was Christmas Eve. Bob felt terrible because he had just gotten laid off. He didn't have money to buy presents for his family. His neighbor Sarah took notice of what was happening. Sarah surprised Bob's family with various presents on Christmas day.
Kate's room was always cold. She found a space heater in the basement to warm her room. It worked great for 3 weeks. Then it stopped working. She was right back where she started in her freezing cold room.
My dog followed me everywhere, today. We went exploring in the woods. He liked to run around the trees and dig through fallen leaves. I had trouble keeping up. We played until my mom called us home.
Hector read a great deal of philosophical literature. He considered long-dead philosophers his closest of friends. He intended to become a professional philosopher himself. The career opportunities were so limited that he could not find a job. Hector worked as a carpenter and amateur philosopher all his life.
There was this awesome Italian joint by my house. They had the best lasagna and I would get one every other day. One day I went there and they were closed. They were put out of business for good so I had to find another place. I did but the food isn't nearly as good.
Jamal's girlfriend was in a playful mood. But Jamal was tired and went to sleep. While he slept, she painted his toenails black. He woke up, took a shower and didn't notice his toenails. He changed his shoes in the gym and his friends guffawed.
Glen had a channel online where he posts stuff. He suddenly received a lot of backlash. People started threatening him and insulting him. He did not know how to take it. He quit his channel.
Wendy wanted a new dress. Wendy went to the mall. She walked through two shops to look at the dresses. Wendy tried on a blue dress and loved it. She bought the blue dress.
Cynthia was honored when asked to sing at the football game. She was going to sing the National Anthem, which was big honor. She knew the song well, so didn't feel the need to practice. Unfortunately, she forgot some of the words and the crowd jeered. She hoped to get another chance someday and she'd practice for sure.
Tod's friend encouraged him to see a new movie. But Tod watched it and wondered what was so good about it. The movie had had ratings and very good reviews. So Tod tried to watch it again to understand. Tod's apathy towards the movie made him feel left out.
Anna opened her lunch and was surprised. It was a cold winter day but her mom had only packed soup! But then she tried it and understood. The soup was thick and hearty - a true meal. Anna ate it all and was satisfied and very full!
Jim is thrilled when he gets an amazing job offer. But he is in a bind when they tell him they need him to start today. It's his girlfriend's birthday and he had a party planned for her. He takes the job anyway. His girlfriend is so angry that she dumps him.
Anna was playing near the garden. There were bees in the flowers. Anna got too close to the garden. She was stung by a bee. Anna went play on the other side of the yard.
It was the dead of winter. Sam and his boyfriend couldn't afford the heat. They had to huddle close to sleep warm at night. It brought them closer together. They actually found it more comfortable that way.
Tom was pulled over by the police. They gave him a ticket for not coming to a full stop. Tom argued that he did do a full stop. The cop gave him the ticket anyway. Tom tried to fight it in court and lost.
Mandy had been playing at an arcade all day. She had a big bunch of tickets to redeem. She had her eyes on a barbie doll behind the counter. She gave the man her tickets but she didn't have quite enough. Luckily, she dug in her pockets and found just enough to get the doll.
Jon was a criminal. He had murdered people and robbed banks. The police were looking for Jon. Eventually, the police caught Jon. Jon was sentenced to prison for life.
A swan swam gracefully through the water. It was beautiful and white. It had a long orange beak. The crowd gathered and observed it. It was a beautiful creature.
Patrick just walked into English class. His teacher told him that he had to write an essay. Patrick is a very bad writer so he got help from a tutor. He knew it would take a long time so he stayed up all night. The next day, Patrick had the best essay in the class.
Josh was a new truck driver. Josh had to drop off a load to Michigan. On the way to Michigan Josh lost his map. Josh had to stop to ask for directions. Josh made it to Michigan with his truck load.
Francine had started piano lessons a month ago. Every month, all the piano students participate in a recital. Francine was self-conscious and worried she wouldn't play well. Francine stayed up all night practicing the night before. Francine played beautifully and wasn't self-conscious anymore.
When Emily's friend ask her to go biking she thought it would be fun. Little did she know that her friend biked all the time. Emily only rode her bike once every few weeks. She didn't realize her friend meant a ten mile ride. Emily managed to keep up but her body ached for days after.
Tom was working on an essay for school. He was typing the last two paragraphs of the long paper. Suddenly, his screen went blue. An error message popped up and the computer reset. When it came back on Tom saw that his work was all gone.
Bill was interested in purchasing a ukulele. He wanted one of good quality at a good price. Bill wanted to take it on camping trips. He used the internet to search for reviews and videos. Bill made an informed purchase.
Jim has a math test on Friday. He has been studying all week. When he got to class, he was ready. However, he could not remember some of the formulas. Jim was still happy with his grade.
Patricia bought a rubber chicken. She put it underneath the sofa cushion. Her husband came home and sat down. The fake chicken screamed wildly. Her husband jumped up and hit his head on the ceiling fan.
Martha was suppose to pick up her daughter from school. She had overslept and was late by 20 minutes. Her daughter did not speak to Martha on the car ride home. Martha apologized to her daughter at dinner. Her daughter forgave Martha for being late.
Kelley really liked this new artist. Finally she went and bought the album. When she got it she played it numerous times. She was happy about it. She never wanted it to stop.
The man tortured the prisoner for information. The prisoner told the man about a terror plot. The man investigated the terror plot. He discovered that the man's story was false. He tortured the prisoner with a renewed vigor.
A rock rolled down a hill into a river. The river carried it into the ocean. The ocean brought it to shore, where some children were playing. The children looked at the rock with pity. "Rocks live such boring lives," one of them said.
Michael Jordan went to a local radio station and made a pledge. He promised to donate $1 million to feed starving blacks in Africa. Jordan thought the community would be proud of him. But one person called and said LeBron donated $10 million. A second person accused Jordan of selling slave sandals for money.
Kyle ordered the soup from a waiter in a cafe. He demanded that the soup be extra hot. The chef kept the soup on the stove until it boiled. Kyle was presented with the hot soup. He tasted it and burned his mouth.
Ollie liked to ride his dirt bike. He took it to the dirt track with his friends. Ollie was practicing a jump on the track. The bike went high in the air and Ollie fell off. Ollie broke his leg and couldn't ride for months.
Bobby always wanted to play baseball on a team. His dad told him he would be old enough to play this year. Bobby's parents signed him up for the little league. He received an acceptance letter today. He will be on the same team as his brother.
John wanted something to do. John decided to play a sport. Looking around, John spotted his golf clubs. John called up his friends to play. John had an exciting day playing golf.
I got my nails done last week. They looked pretty good. Problem was that the polish started to chip. It was rather frustrating. So it was a waste of money.
Kay let her cat Vina play outside in the day. One day Vina looked as if she had put on weight. The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant. Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her. Kay looked on as Vina lovingly tended her new babies.
Howard is in the 4th grade. he already has a business mind he decided to buy some lollipops at a store he then sold them in class he did not make any money
Elizabeth wondered why she never had much money. She kept track of her expenses for a month to find out why. She was horrified by what she discovered. She had been spending a fortune on restaurants. She cut back to eating out once a week, and had more cash as a result.
The roofers showed up early in the morning. They took off a section of roof shingles and put new ones on. Now, Jan and Mark waited for the next rain storm. A week later, there was a huge rain storm. When they checked, there were no leaks in the roof.
Gloria was very eager to get her driver's license. She practiced driving for months with her mom. The day of her test, she drove well, but had trouble parallel parking. She was very upset to find she failed the test. She practiced more and passed it a week later on her second try!
Emily loved to paint. She spent all day creating beautiful art. When she walked away, her cat knocked over the easel. The painting was ruined. Emily always closed the door to her studio after that.
Jane was dropping her daughter off for soccer. Then she remembered it was her job to bring snack that week. She rushed to a nearby store and ran inside. There she quickly grabbed some fruit and cookies. Everyone was impatient, but luckily they accepted her late snacks.
I dated a legally blind person in 1979. She had very little vision due to retinitis pigmentosa. We went to a restaurant and she ordered cherries jubilee. When the waiter lit the dessert she jumped from the table. The sudden light disturbed her.
The woman put some gel in her hair. She tried to mold her hair. She couldn't get her hair to stay. She washed out the gel. She tried a different hairstyle.
Angel got a job at a grocery store. She didn't enjoy her work. She came back late from all of her breaks. She worked slowly. Eventually she was fired for being so lazy.
The ride home from school was relaxing. As I looked out the window, I began daydreaming. I also looked at the buildings outside of the car. When the car pulled up in the parking lot, I lost my attention. My day dream went away.
I needed sugar to make cookies for a holiday party. There has been a lot of road construction lately. The road to the grocery was congested. I decided to turn around and come home. I made fried chicken instead.
Tom watched a scary movie. He excitedly told his friends about it. They all went out and watched it too. Nobody else found it scary. Tom's movie views were never taken seriously again.
Prissy loved to eat bell peppers. She begged when I made fajitas. I cut them into strips. I fed them to her one at a time. She crunched on them loudly.
My girlfriend likes really feminine smelling laundry detergents. I like more masculine scents. We often argue over what to get. We then realized that arguing over little things was weird. We broke up because it led to conversations about deeper issues.
Claire was looking forward to flying to Portland to see her sister. Days before the trip, she got bad vibes when her reservation was lost. Her worries increased when she had a nightmare about a plane crash. She turned on the TV to a show about a rocky flight and felt fear. It was too much for coincidence, and Claire postponed her trip.
Allison and Jesse were fighting. No matter how hard either of them tried, they couldn't agree. One day Jesse decided to buy Allison flowers. She was very surprised by the gift. Gradually, they began to get along.
Dan threw broccoli at his brother Rob. Rob laughed and threw a piece back. They ducked and threw broccoli at each other. Their mother heard them laughing and came in the room. Both boys were grounded for a week for wasting food.
Tommy was eating some dinner and his mom gave it to him. He decided to eat it at his desk. On the way to his desk, he tripped. The food went all over the floor. It made a huge mess.
The best entry in the Christmas parade was called Run Run Rudolph. It was a fantastic country western band with line dancers behind it. Most of the dancers were in their twenties. However, the best dancers were two little old ladies with red hats. I heard someone say they were both in their seventies!
A man dove from an airplane and fell towards the earth. He pulled the cord on his parachute and waited. Nothing came out. The man understood what this meant. He closed his eyes and said a prayer.
Ron dreamed of winning the lottery. He bought lottery tickets every day for years. Ron's dad told him he was wasting money. Deciding to stop buying tickets, Ron bought one last ticket. Ron won the lottery for 5 million dollars.
Tim was in a loveless relationship. He cheated often. One time his wife caught him. Tim hoped it would be the end of the relationship. Unfortunately his wife didn't leave.
Jim was getting ready for school. He had his shoes, coat, and hat. He knew he was forgetting something! His mother gave him his backpack before he left. Jim went to school happy that he didn't forget his backpack.
The man fired a rocket. It hit it's target. It failed to explode. The man fired another rocket. The target exploded.
Andrew heard about a short story competition online. Andrew decided he wanted to submit a short story to the competition. So Andrew turned on his laptop. He wrote his short story in two weeks then submitted it. He won the competition.
At my church we sometimes have youth meetings. For each meeting someone has to bring a dessert. I tried to make apple pie but failed. I ended up making apple fritters instead. It turned out that everyone loved them!
Sue signed up for a 5K run. She bought new shoes to train in. She also bought a new outfit. However, the race was canceled due to rainy. Sue ended up wasting her money.
It was hot and David wanted a treat. He heard Turkey in the Straw playing. There was an icecream truck. David bought a chocolate cone. The double scoops melted quickly and fell onto the pavement.
Madison was only 3 years old but already very into fashion. She wanted to wear a Harley Davidson tank top to preschool one day. Her mom told her no, so she just put another shirt on over it. When it was pick-up time, Madison only had the tank top on. Mom tried to act upset, but she was laughing on the inside.
Marco was working very hard. He didn't have time to spend with his son. Child Services came to take away his kid. He ducked out of a window. Him and his kid drove away and stayed at a motel.
Robin wanted to go to sleep. She was exhausted from her cold. But as she lay in bed she couldn't fall asleep. When she did finally fall asleep she, kept waking up. She was in bed 9 hours and only slept 3 of them.
Michael needed a new friend. He went to a website to find one. He soon met a guy named Jeff. Jeff was really mean. Michael regretted ever meeting him.
Sharon hated stew a lot. She ate it once and felt very sick. After that, she never ate stew again. One day, she went to a friend's house who had stew. She tasted it and fell in love with the stew.
Randy was excited to play with legos. Randy begin building a bridge. He tried making it look like the bridge he saw on the lego box. Randy was about to finish building the bridge. However, his cat jumped on the table and knocked the bridge down.
I was at work during a busy day. I was trying to get the copy machine to work. I pounded my fist on it in frustration. The entire copy machine fell apart. Because I immediately told my boss the truth, he didn't fire me.
Angie was curious about her religion. She did not know what she believed. She went to her local church to seek guidance. The pastor talked with her about the importance of God. She accepted Jesus and knew that was what she believed in now.
I had a phone interview for a job this morning. I applied for this job a couple of months ago. The man asked me a few questions about my experience. I told him why I would be perfect for the job. He said he would pass my information to the hiring manager.
Francis was very hungry for some cheese. His refrigerator was empty. He got ready and went to the grocery store. There he bought many delicious cheeses. Finally Francis got his cheese.
Rue was happy. She got good grades on her report card. Her mom was elated. Her parents bought her a car. Rue from then on always kept her grades up.
My wife and I were suppose to go on our honeymoon. When we got to the airport our flight had been cancelled. We were extremely upset. The airline offered us a better and longer trip for free. That made things better for me and my wife.
Emma fell in love with Paul. Paul didn't feel the same for Emma and rejected her. Emma's feelings were hurt, so she told the authorities. Emma felt even worse when the authorities wouldn't listen. Emma walked under a mattress for a year to show everyone her feelings.
Billy wanted a new vehicle. He drove to a dealership. He browsed many vehicles. He test drove one he liked. He purchased the vehicle.
My buddy asked me to babysit his two year old son tonight. I have never watched a kid in my life but I agreed to help. He dropped him off and I showed him my xbox. Turns out that a two year old can enjoy playing video games. We had a great time and I told my buddy I'd babysit again sometime.
Al loved sad music. He used to lay in his room and cry. He thought he was only one who did this. He was listening to music with his girlfriend and he saw a tear fall. As soon as he saw the tear he asked her to be his wife.
There was a huge storm the other day. We went down to the ocean to watch the waves. They reached almost 15 feet. It was amazing to watch. I took a few pictures of them.
Jay was going fishing. He packed all his supplies into the truck. He drove down to his favorite fishing spot. Jay realized he had forgotten his bait. Jay drove to a bait shop down the road to get bait.
Kaya was at a boring party. It was supposed to be fun but she didn't like anyone there. It was getting too boring to handle so she was trying to leave. She awkwardly said goodbye and tried not to seem rude. As soon as she was out of there, she bolted back home to watch TV.
Tom was on a public forum. He thought he was messaging his private number. Instead he accidentally posted it publicly. Tom started getting a lot of phone calls and annoyances. He wound up having to change his number.
Jin wanted a dog. She went to the shelter and met with every dog that was there. Each dog was so cute and sweet, she couldn't decide. Finally, she settled on a dog with only three legs. Jin loves her dog very much.
Harold was on his high school basketball team. Last week they played a big game vs the rival school. Harold and his team played well and the game was close. In the final seconds they were trailing by 2. Harold got the ball and made a 3 pointer to win the game!
Lisa lost the bracelet her Grandma had given to her. She was very upset, and posted about it on Facebook. Her friends shared the post for her. Another woman said she found the bracelet! Lisa cried tears of real joy!
Sam and his girlfriend got into a big fight. Sam kicked her out of the apartment. She refused to leave. Sam didn't want to be around her. He decided to leave instead.
Trent's father took him to a large parking lot for driving lessons. His father's expensive car had a manual transmission. Trent had difficulty learning to use the clutch and accelerator. He became frustrated, and accidentally drove the car over a curb. His dad decided to teach Trent to drive using his mother's car.
Lily was trying to make a cake for her sister's baby shower. She worked really hard on the recipe. Still, the cake came out weird. It was very dry and crumbly. Luckily, all of the ladies enjoyed it with frosting and ice cream.
Kim woke up to a loud knocking on her front door. She opened the door to a policeman. He told her he had  a warrant for her arrest. She was shocked because she did not think she had done anything wrong. The policeman said she needed to just pay her parking tickets.
Gunther boiled some eggs in a pot. The water in the pot boiled over the pot. Gunther turned down the heat. His mom called him a space cadet. He didn't reply to that insult.
Jill got a new dog. It was a husky and she named it Wolf. He liked to run and play in the park. Jill gave him a special treat every day. Wolf became her best friend.
Javier noticed that his running shorts were becoming worn out. He decided to look for a new pair to buy. He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive. However, he decided to buy a pair, despite the price. Now Javier looks great in his new running shorts.
Julie was planning a vacation with her friends. But she couldn't figure out when to schedule it! One friend was busy on weekends. Another could not go during the week! Then Julie decided to plan the trip for a holiday, when all could go!
Carla worked at the mall. For her lunch break she ate at the food court. One day she forgot her money. Her co-worker found out she couldn't eat. Carla's co-worker bought her lunch.
Dawn is a beautiful woman who wants to model. She has agencies knocking at her door everyday. Her boyfriend will not allow her to become a model. Last week she gave him an ultimatum. Dawn signed her first modeling contact today.
Alicia decided to participate in the fun run. She got a team of friends together. During the run, she got exhausted. It was a workout. Alicia got in third place.
Kate's crush needed a ride home. They chatted as she drove. He got her phone number and got out of the car. Kate waited a week for a call from him. She never received a phone call.
The batteries in Manny's clock had gone out. He didn't realize the batteries were dead. Manny had an appointment. He was going by the time on the clock. Manny was late for his appointment.
I met my sister in law in 1981. After we got married we asked her to go to dinner with us. She was very shy and said no, but changed her mind. We had dinner with her at Victoria Station, a steak house. It became her favorite restaurant.
Rachel went to her bed friend's house for Thanksgiving. Her friend's mom and dad cooked a turkey and five side dishes. They all ate dinner. They ate pumpkin pie for dessert. They then socialized and laughed until Rachel went home.
Phil wanted to be an actor. He started his own YouTube channel. His friends shared his clips. One made its way to a director at a theatre. He invited Phil to try out for the lead role!
Emily just got a used washer and dryer. They worked very well at first. Suddenly, the dryer would turn on but not start. Emily looked up reasons why it might not start. It turns out the dryer door wasn't completely shut, so it starts now.
My son loves to play baseball. He has always wanted to play on the all star team. He practiced and played hard all season. In the end, his team voted for him to try out for allstars. He tried out, and made the team!
A new show came out recently that I wanted to see. It has very good reviews so I was very interested. I asked a few friends if they've seen it yet and they all said no. I decided to start watching the show in my free time. The show turned out to be very good and I recommended it to friends!
Three months ago my bosses hired someone. They decided to have me train him for his new job. I've been working with him every day since then. He still has no idea what he's doing. Meanwhile, I've been saddled with trying to do two jobs.
Alex and reza had been dating for two years. They were planning to get married on their fifth year. But after a year, reza got pregnant. So they decided to get married earlier of what they've planned. Even its earlier, their wedding was still unforgettable and special.
Cassie's Mom packed her lunch and wave her off to school. Cassie was looking forward to her lunch. When lunch time came Cassie couldn't find her lunch anywhere! Then Jen started laughing and told her she had hidden it for a joke. Jen returned Cassie's lunch with a smile.
Ellen was sad because was very poor. For school, she had to wear her cousin's hand-me-downs. But when she looked around her class, she saw something. Half the students were dressed much more poorly than she! From then on, Ellen stopped pitying herself.
Ava had always wanted long nails. Finally she managed to grow ten perfect long nails. She spent a week with them. But it was so hard to grasp things and apply makeup! After 7 days Ava went back to her short nails!
Amy had class with the guy she had a crush on. Ray even sat next to her. She sat in class uncomfortable and fidgeting. They weren't friends anymore and it hurt. She bit her nails as the clock crept along slowly.
Jennifer thought Max was very cute. She was too shy to ask him out. Finally Max asked Jennifer out for a date. She was very excited. Jennifer and Max had a romantic night out.
Cam has a biology test tomorrow. He has been studying all week. When the teacher gave out the tests, Cam was nervous. He took the test and turned it in. Cam got his grade and made an A.
I went to my favorite candy store I couldn't decide what I wanted. I ended up eating lots of gummy bears and chocolate. My stomach started to hurt. I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on.
Bill was watching TV shows. But he couldn't stand how terrible they were. So he decided to watch the news. But there was only propaganda and negative events. Bill was only content until he watch children's shows.
Tamara wore braces. She did not like them. When she left the company of her parents she removed rubber bands. She was happy about this. When her parents found out, they became upset.
Sara was excited that she was going to have a baby sister. Sara's mother said that they would all have fun. Sara's mother came home from the hospital with the baby. She finally saw her baby sister in her mother's arms. Sara was disappointed that the baby looked odd and smelled bad.
Jack saw a dog in the street. He didn't want the dog to get hit by a car! Jack took the dog to his house. Jack and the dog really took to each other. Now Jack has a new dog!
Drew started dialysis yesterday. He was very nervous about the needles the nurses would put in him. Arriving to dialysis he waited, growing more anxious. The nurse in a calloused voice called him back to start his treatment. The nurses weren't trained, missing his vein Drew called out in pain.
When I was in second grade a girl named Nancy would play with my hair. It was great until I saw my ponytail in Nancy's hand. She had cut off my entire ponytail. The hair that was all the way to my butt, was now to my shoulders! Nancy just got her scissors taken from her.
Owen was an aspiring author. He had written several letters to his favorite local newspaper. One morning he was reading said paper as he ate cereal. Suddenly he noticed his own words right on the page. He was excited to realize that he had been published.
Richard went to visit his buddy bobby who lived in california. Bobby lived on the San Francisco Bay on a sailboat. Richard had never been on a sailboat before but was very excited. Richard and Bobby spend five days out on the Bay on the boat. Richard had never felt so free in his entire life.
Sean arrived late to his job at the post office. He'd had car trouble and didn't own a cell phone. Everyone at the office had planned a surprise party for him. The post office had a zero tolerance policy for being late. Sean was giving a celebration cake and a pink slip.
Thomas didn't really like to work. He never understood why people waste their whole lives working. After leaving school, Thomas found something he loved to work for. He opened up a cattery and got paid for spending all day with cats. Thomas loves his cats and his cattery.
Simon decided to make himself breakfast while his mom was sleeping. He had seen his mother make oatmeal in the microwave. He put the oats and water into a bowl and placed it in the microwave. He watched in horror as the oats splattered inside the microwave. It took his mom almost an hour to clean up the mess
Sam wanted to give himself war paint. He looked up examples of people in war paint. Sam found a pattern that he really liked. He painted himself just like the example. Sam took a photo of himself in the paint.
Brad was going to buy a motorcycle. He bought one and rode it for three Year's. His wife started getting upset because he was always on his bike. Brad ended up buying his wife a bike as well. Now Brad and his wife ride together all of the time.
Nick and his friends were bored one summer day. They went outside to play a game of basketball. While shooting for the basket, Nick accidentally lost the ball. When he and his friends found the ball, a dog had it and popped it. Nick and his friends went back home and played video games instead.
Toby was sad when his family moved to a new town. Toby walked around for weeks without any friends. Toby was skateboarding one day when a group of kids approached him. They complimented him and asked to join him. Toby was happy to have new friends.
Jennifer couldn't afford her rent so she placed an ad for a roommate. Laura answered the ad and the two hit it off instantly. A week later, Jennifer noticed that some of her clothes were missing. She saw Laura in her room going through her closet. She kicked Laura out and found a new roommate.
I had a dream about a large man with stringy black hair. He was sitting on top of my chest, staring down at me. I was awake, with my eyes open, unable to move. This lasted for about a minute, then I was finally able to move again. I later found out this was called sleep paralysis.
Andy was trying to get a loan for a car. He had bad credit. His bank denied the loan. He got his parents to cosign on the loan. Andy was able to borrow the money.
Martin invited Jessica to the jazz concert. She tried to listen carefully. After the concert she told Martin, she did not like it. He asked her who is her favorite artist. She said Kenny G.
Sal was a very active kid who didn't listen sometimes. His parents told him he would be grounded if he misbehaved. Sal ignored them. He actually started yelling very loudly. So his parents had no choice but to ground him.
One day we saw some teenagers on our trampoline. We did not invite them, and went to ask what they were doing. We told them we would be happy to let them jump if they had asked. They responded with attitude and did not want to get off. We jumped with them, trying to show kindness anyways.
Abby learned to swim at the local YMCA. Her friend Carl invited her to swim at his house. Abby and Carl had a great time in the pool but they forgot sunscreen. Both of them looked like lobsters when they got out of the pool. The next day they missed school because they were hurting so bad.
Amazing Zane was giving a magic show at a theater in the city. A competing magician snuck behind stage to see his secrets. Zane knew he was coming, so he set traps for his nemesis. The nemesis fell through a trapdoor and into a box. Zane kept him prisoner until the show was over.
Tim lived far from home. He was a college student. His mother emailed him and told him she misses him. He decided to call her to talk. His mother was very grateful he decided to call.
Larry's friend was always being mean to him. He teased him constantly. Larry's brother told him he needed to find other friends. Larry found a new group of friends. Larry stopped associating with his friend.
Sam was taking out the trash. He noticed there was a bear looking through the bin. The bear didn't notice Sam. Sam made a loud noise to scare the bear away. The bear ran away and sam went back in to wait.
Sarah was angry at her girlfriend. She suspected that her girlfriend might be cheating on her. She decided to follow her girlfriend after she went out. Sarah's girlfriend just wandered around the neighborhood aimlessly. It turned out that her girlfriend had just been playing Pokemon Go!
Courtney agreed to dog-sit two dogs. She already has two of her own. Then another friend asked her to dog-sit another dog. She had five dogs at once. It was like a zoo.
One of Leslie's favorite snacks was fruit salad. She went into her garden to gather all the fruit she needed. When she chopped it up and placed it into a bowl she tasted it. It tasted delicious and she couldn't wait to try more. She was so hungry she ate it all.
Eric left his phone at the coffee shop. He went back to the coffee shop to look for his phone. It was not on the table where he left it. He asked the barista if anyone had turned in a lost phone. Eric was disappointed that no one had turned in his phone.
Faith loved to bake. She made a pumpkin pie for her family. They ate slice after slice. The pie was gone in an hour. Faith got to work baking another one.
Suzy was thrilled to be getting her first ipad today. She opened the box and immediately plugged it in. As it turned on, she felt elated. For the next three hours Suzy could not stop playing with it. She immediately thanked her boyfriend for buying it for her.
Bob woke up and realized it was his birthday. He decided to round up his friends. They went to go play laser tag. Bob had a great time! Bob decided to make laser tag a birthday tradition.
Alex was on a camping trip. He was laying in bed but he was too scared to sleep. The darkness was too frightening. His mom gave him a glow stick. With the little light, he was able to get to sleep.
Mary rode her bicycle to work yesterday. It began snowing heavily before she got there. Mary's bicycle slid on an icy patch and fell. Mary tore her pants and scratched her leg badly. She had to buy another pair of pants for work.
Jasper had always wanted to learn more about history. He decided to borrow a few books from the library to read. Jasper read about ancient and recent history. When he was finished he returned the books. He was glad that he learned about history.
I bought a special book for my sister's 40th birthday present. It was autographed by her favorite author. I carefully wrapped it and placed it in a safe place. The day of her party I went to get the book and it was gone. I searched the entire house and it was and is still missing.
Ernie had a voice, but couldn't sing. He went to the karaoke bar just the same. One evening he met Bernice, and bought her a drink. Ernie proposed to her at the same bar, a year later. They got married, and lived happily together, until their divorce.
Joshua played with his dog, Jonah. His dog loved to play. Joshua took him to the park. He threw the dog the frisbee. They played Frisbee until sundown.
My late grandpa had a dog named boy. I loved Boy and we had fun playing. One day, Boy led me on a trail. I followed him until we reached his destination. He literally led me to a neighbor's bar-BQ!
Julie was feeling really confident today. While she was getting dressed, she decided to do her makeup well. She sat down and began applying her best look. After she was done, she looked in the mirror. Julie looks just as good as she feels.
Greg wanted to bake a frozen pizza. He pre-heated the oven to 400 degrees. He put the pizza in the oven. He set a timer for 17 minutes. When the timer went off, Greg took the cooked pizza out of the oven.
Dave is a mailman. He works at the same post office as my husband. Whenever there is a lot of work he calls out repeatedly. He's earned his pension but is too young to retire. But at least when he calls out my husband gets more hours.
My dream when i was a kid is to have my own room. So when i already have my own room,i decorated it. I paint my room in yellow since it's my favorite color. I brought things and figurine that is color yellow. And i put a yellow curtain and yellow stuff toys.
Stacy enjoyed drinking sodas. She noticed she was gaining weight. She asked her friend Dawn how she could lose weight. Dawn told her to stop drinking sodas. Stacy lost 5 pounds in a week after giving up on drinking soda.
Our building internet went down on Saturday. The management tried to reboot the system. The system failed to work after rebooting. The technician did not come to fix the system until Monday. Everybody was angry at the management.
I hate black coffee. Alas, I had no cream. I was forced to drink black coffee. I threw up. I realized I should go buy some cream.
Allie had a paper due yesterday. Problem was that she totally forgot about it. She had meant to work on it but forgot. So she did it at the last minute. But the teacher refused to accept it.
Jake and Jared were desperate for money They knew of an old cemetery near by. They figured they could steal some valuables from the graves. Once there they both realized what they were doing. They turned around and went home instead.
Alice had just started at a new school. She didn't know any kids in her class. For lunch a group of girls asked if she wanted to sit with them. Alice sat with the girls. She and the girls became friends.
Tom had low blood pressure. He checked it right away. It was very low. So he took some tomato juice. It brought his pressure right up.
Sammie was going to visit his best friend. Only problem he didn't know where his friend lived. He called up his friend to get directions. Sammie wrote down the directions. He still ended up lost because his friend had given him the wrong house address.
It was the 4th of July. The Smith family wanted to celebrate. They put up American flags in their front yard. They also lit fireworks. They had a great time celebrating the 4th of July.
Parker had been trying to learn guitar. No matter what he did he couldn't seem to get it very well. Then he realized that he was playing right handed. Parker was left handed so he decided to try switching. To his delight this helped him to play much better.
I ran away from home at age 15. I was sad, angry, and hated my family due to years of extreme abuse. I was arrested, and eventually placed with a couple to take care of me. I ran away from them, too. I ended up living on the streets for years after that.
Tom couldn't find a pair of clean socks. He needed to go to school soon. He decided to wear a dirty pair. Before lunch Tom's feet smelled horrible. Tom threw the socks away at the end of the day.
Dan recently adopted a new dog. Dan decided the dog would stay in the backyard. However, Dan's yard was not completely fenced in. Dan decided to finish fencing in the yard so the dog can roam freely. Once finished, Dan was pleased to see his dog enjoying the backyard.
Mel's dryer had broken. She hung her clean clothes all over the house to dry. Then she ran out of space on doors and counters. She decided to unfold her ironing board and use that. She hung three towels from the board to dry.
Jim bought a new car radio. He had it for only a week. ONe night he heard someone breaking into his car. They stole his new stereo. Jim was never able to get it back.
I once took apart an old thermostat. It was a very simple device with mercury held in a glass tube. Mercury changes density very easily. That is why it is used for thermostats. I put the thermostat back together when I was done.
Ben and his brother made a secret clubhouse. They needed a way to keep girls out. They decided to make a password. They only told it to boys. Ben and his brother felt safe knowing no girl could enter!
Fred wants to play a new video game. Unfortunately, his computer is too old to play the game. He decides to get a new computer. Fred plays the new game on his new computer. He is so happy he can play the new video game.
Every day on his way to the office, Bryce took the elevator upstairs. He often chatted with coworkers while in the elevator. One day, the elevator got stuck between floors. Bryce and his coworkers were stuck for almost 15 hours. Bryce now only takes the stairs.
Betty had carpenter ants in her house. They were causing a lot of damage. She didn't know what to do. She called an exterminator. They were able to get rid of all the ants.
Today I got a new phone. I was texting with my phone. I dropped my phone. My phone cracked. I had to take my new phone to get fixed.
Gina wanted to play little league baseball. The coach felt that Gina should play softball. Gina's parents asked the commissioner to intervene. The commissioner agreed and assigned Gina to a new coach. Gina became a star player and the team won the championship.
I recently bought a new boat to take the family out on the lake. The boat has all of the options and very expensive. On the first trip I put a big dent in the side. I felt bad and decided to have it fixed. I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged.
Charles was sick. His girlfriend made him some soup. The hot broth made him feel better. Soon, he was healthy again. He credited his girlfriend's soup with making him recover.
They decided to go out as a family. They went to the zoo, where they saw lots of animals. The red pandas were playing outside. They laughed at a little chimp eating corn. They had a good day together.
Tammy lives in North Texas. This part of Texas falls in the Tornado Ally zone. One day in May the sirens in her town went off signaling a Tornado. Tammy hid the closet at the center of her house as the Tornado passed. When she opened the closet door she saw her house was gone.
The boy was playing in the tree. He put his hand in a hole on it. He felt something inside and pulled it out. It was strings. He put them in his pocket.
Frank was terrified of bears. One day, while walking in the woods, he saw a bear. He stood perfectly still from fear. The bear ignored him. Frank learned to be less afraid of bears.
Geena loved photography. She taught herself how to get great shots. Her friends loved having mini photo  shoots with her. She decided to start a thriving photography business. Geena was happy to be doing what she loved as a job.
I went to get my birth control prescription today. The woman at the counter asked me why I was taking the pills. She told me I was too young to be having sex and to reconsider. I'm 16 and I don't take the pills to have sex. I take them to help control my outrageous acne.
A woman calls 911. The operator is stunned when the woman tells her why she is calling. The woman is calling 911 to complain that her internet is out. The operator dispatches officers to her house. They arrest her and send her for a psychological evaluation.
Michelle was extremely hungry. She went into the kitchen to find food. She opened the refrigerator to find nothing. She looked in the pantry as well, with the same result. Begrudgingly, she went out to the grocery store.
Mary had some vintage pearl earrings. She loved them so much! She felt like an Old Hollywood starlet when she wore them. Mary started collecting more vintage pearls. They were very special to her.
I was getting ready for bed. I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth. I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste. I began to brush my teeth. I spit the toothpaste into the sink.
Roland was driving down the street at night. His car ran over a skunk that was crossing the road. The skunk's spray smelled so bad Roland rolled down all the windows. He drove straight to the car wash. Roland had to wash his car three times to get the smell to go away!
The sale rep figured out how to dress the part. She always dressed to impressed. However, on call days she broke out the short skirts. They always guaranteed sales. Her commissions started to skyrocket.
I mourned the death of my favorite actor Abe Vigoda. I believed Abe was sexiest star on the planet. I have watched all his shows and movies. I had prayed that one day we meet and marry. I mourned for the man who made my heart go pitter patter.
Mike needed change to put air in his tire. He only had a credit card. The pump required four quarters. He was forced to ask strangers for them. Luckily a few had some.
The girl found a frog in the grass. She picked up the frog. She cupped the frog gently so it would not jump away. She brought it home. She let the frog out inside of her house.
My friend asked if I would be willing to study with him. I agreed to do so. We discussed several concepts and worked on examples. After the day of the text, the teacher handed in the test papers. I ended up getting an F on the assignment.
Kyle walked to his local park to play with his friends. When he got there, he saw yellow tape around his favorite apple tree. Kyle asked his friends what was going on and they gave him bad news. The tree was to be cut down, so Kyle decided to hold onto it hard. When the workers showed up, Kyle was so hungry he left on his own.
My baby boy is getting so big. He is now 6 months old. He has started to crawl. I have a lot of pictures. I will send them to you.
Jane was walking with friends. She didn't notice they couldn't keep up with her pace. She was a fast walker because of track. A friend finally told her to slow down as they were out of breath. Jane apologized and slowed down.
Emily hated to go to school. She wished for a snow day so school would be canceled. Emily prayed nightly for snow to come to her town. One morning, Emily woke up to a huge blizzard! Emily then found out that it was a Saturday and there was no school!
I smelled smoke in the air during my hike. I looked around but saw no fires. Next to me was a tall tree. I climbed to the top to look around. Far in the distance I could see a fire growing.
One night there was a huge storm. The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard. He saw that his entire fence had been blown over. He had to spend all day putting the fence back up. This time he reinforced it for wind.
Sam daddy was away for work. Sam was really missing his dad. One day Sam was sitting feeling sad. He got up walked to the mailbox. Then he saw the letter from his dad.
A professor was teaching media arts. The students wanted to learn something from him. He invited them over to play video games. He beat them all. They learned their lesson.
Doug loved walking. He always found things when he walked. Today he found a quarter. Then he found a blue ball. He then walked home happy about his day.
Tim and his girlfriend were going out to dinner. Tim asked her where she wanted to go. She claimed to not care. Tim suggested several places that she turned down. Eventually Tim just begged her to pick.
Jose was a migrant worker who traveled wherever the crops were. Joanne lived in a manor house and had never travelled anywhere. One day Joanne was sent to the fields with iced tea for all the workers. Jose accepted Joanne's tea with a smile and happy heart. Joanne accepted Jose's heart.
Trey had forgotten to study for his math exam. His teacher was sick and they had a sub. The test was postponed. Trey was relieved. He studied hard that night for the test.
John was a factory worker with three children. He loved them very much, although he could barely provide for them. John always encouraged their education, and worked backbreaking days. All three of his children went to college and became successful. It was only then they realized how good of a father they had.
Melissa was trying to find something to eat. She opened the door to the fridge. She looked steadily at her options. Nothing sounded good to her. She closed the door as she walked back to her room.
Gina's whole family was at the park. Kids had been throwing rocks and hit a car. When the adults arrived, the kids ran. The men gave chase. The kids ducked into the nearby woods before they were caught.
Tom was driving by a trailer park. He noticed one of them was on fire. He tried to go to help. He tried pulling someone out of a window but their skin fell off. Tom never forgot the way that looked and felt.
When my brother and I were little we were in the Scouts. One time at a camp-out it started storming really hard. Thunder, lightning and roaring wind kept us up. Eventually our tents started leaking from so much water. We all ended sleeping the vehicles instead.
Tom had several messy roommates. He kept trying to get them to wash their dishes. They always had excuses not to. One day Tom decided to move out. He didn't tell any of them and cut off communication.
There was a cake in the office kitchen. I cut myself a slice. I walked back to my desk to enjoy my cake. Kevin saw that I was eating the cake. He told me his wife had made it the night before.
The best friends always take a girls trips. This year they went to New York. They went shopping. They saw a Broadway show. They always have a great time catching up.
Daniel found that he became very hungry in math class every day. He decided he would bring a snack to his class. Daniel's teacher caught him, and sent him to detention. Daniel stopped bringing snacks, but was still hungry in math. Daniel decided to eat more before school to solve the problem.
Barry was not ready for the winter. Barry watched the news, and saw today would be very cold. Barry decided to wear his thick jacket when heading out. Once outside, Barry was shocked at just how cold it was. Barry knew that he would be facing a very cold winter this year.
Kate's friend Sue was going away for the summer. But they had the first day of summer together. They rode bikes, swam, and saw a movie together. At the end of the day Sue's mom took her home. Kate was happy to have at least one summer day with her friend.
The reporter skidded across the pool of blood. He fell directly on top of the body. He left a bloody hand-print as he stood up. The police ignored his protests as they arrested him. The killer saw the news report and cackled with insane glee.
Joy and Robbie wanted to build the best sandcastle ever. They worked on it all morning before they had to go have lunch. When they came back, people were gathered around it. They were talking about how creative and big it was. Joy and Robbie felt very proud of their creation.
Every summer afternoon, an ice cream truck came to Marie's block. Marie ran to the truck each day, even though she had no money. She watched enviously as other kids left eating frozen treats. Marie always waved goodbye to the ice cream man. On the last day of summer, he handed Marie a handful of free treats.
Tom was unemployed. He wanted to find new work. He applied to work at a restaurant. They hired him. Tom was happy to be working as a waiter.
The soldiers searched for the enemy. They could not find him. They asked the locals for help. One local revealed the enemy's location. That local was later killed by the enemy.
My coworker Frank is visiting today. He is bringing over doughnuts from his local bakery. The doughnuts are very tasty and moist. Frank is a kind man to drive 40 miles to visit. I am happy he is my friend.
A friend who lives in Chicago is letting me stay with her. There's a convention in town, so I thought it would be great. Except to her, living in Chicago means the suburbs of Chicago. So now I have an hour and a half commute every day. I should have just rented a hotel room closer to the city.
John was tired of getting bullied. John wanted to learn self defense. John learned karate. John stood up the bully using his skills. The bully never bothered John again.
Carl was tasked with finding his family's Christmas tree. He was fifteen and he felt very manly and important. But after a night of searching, no tree seemed perfect enough. He went and bought an artificial tree at the store. Carl's family loved his fake tree just as much as any real tree!
Mark was late on his lease. He did not have enough money to pay it. Mark asked his friend Alex to lend him some money. Alex agreed when Mark promised to pay him back by next week. Mark rushed to the leasing office before it closed.
Darcy was showing a dog. She was at the show and knew the judge. Her dog became disqualified. She contested the ruling due to misunderstanding. Darcy won the suit.
Jack went to his friend's place. The house was huge. It made Jack feel poor. Jack left early. Jack stopped talking to that friend.
I went to visit my ex-boyfriend an hour out of town. The first night, he started acting very controlling. He ended up beating me for hours. I was stuck there for two more days, then finally escaped. I went home and never looked back.
Russ drove to the store to buy some food. He saw an open space and pulled right in. When he exited the car he saw that he was in a handicapped space. Russ backed out and looked for another space. He found an open space much further from the entrance.
I filled up the bird feeder in the yard. Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds. I noticed a beautiful blue jay. It quickly flew over to the feeder. Then back to it's nest with it's mouth full of food.
Mindy was at school working on homework. She noticed a sign for some school ballet tryouts. She loved ballet and wanted to give it a shot. Her audition went kind of horribly though and she surely failed. She was shocked when the next week she was picked for the team.
The family always went to church together. One week, they sat in the back pew. When the service was almost over, they snuck out. It was easy to get out of the parking lot quickly that way. They decided to sit there every week after that.
I had a date to play chess online with my friend Mick. First he was an hour late because his wife was working. Then we started playing. Then he said he had to help his son do a project on Bosnia. We never got to play.
Laura wanted to be a librarian ever since she was little. Today, she will be taking her certification test to be a librarian. Laura drove to the library, and went to a quiet room. She laid her belongings down on the table, and took her exam. She found out the next day that she had passed!
I chewed my pen at my desk. I accidentally got ink on my lips. My friend told me my face was dirty. I went to the bathroom to wash the ink off. It was an embarrassing experience.
Andy wants to become a stand up comedian. He spent many weeks perfecting his jokes. He often practiced in front of his friends. An acquaintance arranged for him to perform at a local bar. That weekend Andy performed in front of an audience of thirty.
He sat down with the book in hand. He opened it to page one. Looking up, he could see the child watching. She stared in awe at the colorful photos. She listened intently as he read about the great adventure.
Jim's bank account was low. He did not know why. He got a lot of money from his job. He looked online to see what happened. It turns out someone charged money after stealing his card.
I had an mTurk task describing birds. The directions had a detailed drawing. I learned a lot of new terms. I did quite a few tasks. I was happy to make some money and learn something new.
I had an math exam coming up. I stayed up all night studying formulas and practice problems. When I got to school, I realized I had studied the wrong chapter. I tried to explain my problem to the teacher. He told me that he would give me a one-week extension.
Jack's mommy told him they were going to the pool to play. She dressed Jack in swimming trunks and showed him his arm floats. Mommy and Jack arrived at the pool. Mommy helped Jack put on his arm floats and SPF. Jack played in the pool for the rest of the morning.
Mina wanted to buy her mother a gift but she didn't have any money. She decided to sell lemonade to raise the money. She set up a lemonade stand by her school. Mina made a lot of money selling lemonade to her friends. She was able to take her mother to see a movie.
Al sneezed in his office one morning quite loudly. After a brief pause he heard a louder sneeze elsewhere in the office. Al took this as a challenge and force out an even louder sneeze. This went back and forth for quite a while. Al's co-workers yelled at Al and the other man to cut it out.
Dan's friend sent him a funny clip of a comedy sketch. The clip featured Tom Hanks as a Trump supporter on Black Jeopardy. Dan though the sketch was hilarious and laughed at it. He sent his friend back a Trump fan espousing how good it was. Dan's friend didn't seem to appreciate that quite as much.
Nobody could pick me up from the airport last week. I had to take a cab home The driver was nice and friendly. We talked the entire time. I gave him a good tip for his service.
Failure was not an option. I studied all night long. I ran into class a few minutes late. I worked hard on the test. An hour later, I suddenly woke up, realizing I dreamed the whole thing.
Yesterday I went to a Beyonce concert. It was amazing. We had great seats. I was very impressed with everything. I couldn't wait til I could go back.
James received a wedding invitation in the mail. It was the wedding of his longterm girlfriend and her new boyfriend. James sent his RSVP trying to be the bigger man. On the day of the wedding he realized he couldn't go. He put on a fake sick voice and left his ex an apology voicemail.
Kevin was trying to make pizza. He put it in the oven. After a while a lot of smoke came out. Kevin had forgotten to take the plastic off. He ruined the pizza.
Susie was having a costume party. She invited all of her friends. She dressed up as a cat. Her friends loved it. Susie ended up winning the costume contest at the party.
Ben was a boy who loved candy. But his mother wouldn't let him have any for a week. Because of his bad behavior. Ben sneaks out to the store and buys candy. Ben got his candy and ate it all without his mother's knowledge.
Erin and her sister were born several years apart. Mary was just the baby, to grown up Erin. They were always fighting and arguing with one another. As they got older they started to enjoy each other's company. Now they are adults that have become as close as two people can be.
Jack was a nice friendly little boy. He had a little black puppy names Bunny. Jack and Bunny loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day Bunny ran away and Jack could not find him. Jack searched for Bunny, and when we finally found him he was so happy.
Jim wanted some bread for a sandwich. He'd frozen a loaf in his freezer. When Jim tried to toast the bread he ended up burning it. Jim threw out the burnt toast and tried again. His toasted bread turned out perfectly the second time.
Ricky had just gotten a new puppy. He wanted to get a fence installed at his home for the dog. He drove to his hardware store. He bought wooden planks and nails. He built the fence by himself in a week.
Last night, I didn't go to sleep until 1 AM. At 4 AM, my cat woke me up by biting my toes. I was very annoyed with him because I had to wake up at 5. I went to a different room where he couldn't enter. I slept blissfully until my alarm went off an hour later.
My best friend for my entire life called. I hadn't talked to her in months. She told me she was sorry for being so distant. She found out her husband was unfaithful and was divorcing him. I offered her condolences and said I would always be there for her.
Jake did not know what he wanted to eat. He searched through his cabinets for something delicious. There were many different kinds of food, but none that he wanted. After a little while, he decided to eat macaroni. It was not great, but it was okay.
Derek was trying heroin for the first time. He did not know what to expect. He fumbled about and tried to google how to do it. He got bored and left it alone. He then threw it away.
Fiona wasn't happy with her face and wanted a change. She went to the plastic surgeon and asked him for what she wanted. The surgeon frowned and said it was a lot. But Fiona was firm and hold her ground. After the surgery, she looked different, but she liked it.
Brian wanted to make new friends. He knew he would need to start conversations with new people. He asked a new girl about her favorite food. She talked about her numerous allergies. They then became quick friends.
Taylor was very stressed out about her finals. She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare. She took the tests and was so nervous waiting for her grades. Her worry was for nothing, though, because she made all A's! Taylor went home for the holidays happy and relieved.
Harrison bought a new bird. It was a parrot that could talk! It would repeat whatever you said to it. Harrison taught it a bunch of funny phrases. The parrot was very entertaining and smart!
John found there was an earthquake forecast. John realized he needed to get out of the city. John realized it was too late. The earthquake had occurred and a tsunami was on its way. John was stranded on top of a building waiting for the rescue.
Bob loved making his house smell good. One day he decided to make a candle. After experimenting with wax he made a candle. Bob now had the best smelling house around. He now sells candles for a living!
Gina and her friends weren't able to go to the library at school. Since the door was locked they needed to go back to their class. They wouldn't be able to do research for speeches. They weren't happy about this. But they had no other choice.
Sue was dismayed when she saw the price of tomatoes at the store. Tasting the bland tomatoes made her angry. Sue decided to plant a garden of tomatoes. She eagerly awaited the ripening of the tomatoes. When the harvest came in, Sue wished she'd never see another.
I remember hanging out with old friends at a mall. There were some attractive girls that I would try to talk to. One by one, they all ignored me as my friends laughed. I had fun doing it, and still had a good time nonetheless. To this day, I have never gotten a number from anyone at a mall.
Lavender and Ron were dating. Ron dated her because he thought it would make another girl jealous. Ron really liked a different girl. Ron eventually broke up with Lavender. Ron and the other girl dated.
Fred passed by his favorite restaurant while driving home from work. He frequently ate there with his wife. So he decided to order something to go. Fred was annoyed how long the wait was. So when he finally ate his burger at home, he was disappointed.
Eli was a rambunctious child. He was always climbing all over things and getting in trouble. Eli's mother constantly tried to get him to behave but he refused. One day, he fell off a tree he was climbing. Eli broke his leg and had to get a cast put on.
Billy was a star basketball player. It was the last quarter of the game. Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him. Billy ran up to the hoop. He scored and helped the team win.
It was time for the airplane to land at the airport. The pilot radioed the control tower. The air traffic controller granted the plane permission to land. The pilot guided the plane towards the runway. The airplane safely landed on the runway.
Ray went to a restaurant. And he noticed that there was a wallet left on the chair. Ray picked it up and kept it. He immediately left the restaurant. And kept all of the money inside the wallet.
Rick wanted to learn how to draw. So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college. The first day, the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes. Rick became quickly bored. And he decided he didn't want to learn how to draw anymore.
My daughter gave me a copy of The Seven Samurai. It is a classic Japanese movie. My wife does not like foreign films. One weekend she was away and I watched the movie. It was three hours long and I enjoyed it very much.
One day I was walking down an alleyway. I saw a cardboard box that I look inside. There was a small black dog inside! I picked him up to take him home. He is my new best friend.
Linda usually tried to eat healthy. When we was in the bakery, she just couldn't resist the cookie dough. She bought a couple containers of it. She meant to share it with her roommate. But Linda ate it all!
Dusty and Cody were in the mood for doing something ornery. They got their brother Zach and took him outside. There was an electric fence in their backyard. Dusty and Cody tricked Zach into touching the fence with scissors. They got in more trouble than they ever thought possible!
Roger's work was putting together a time capsule. They decided they would leave it for the future employees. Roger couldn't decide what to leave inside the capsule. He spent all day trying to decide. He missed the deadline and they buried the capsule without him.
Dolly read the prayer of Jabez. It inspired her to move. She left her teaching job. She took a better job offer. She was happy for a change.
Jenna was going to get a massage. She knew it it would be a relaxing day so she arrived early. She got lost and her trip took an extra 20 minutes. Then, she couldn't find a parking spot. She went to her appointment late and was stressed.
Leroy heard the ice cream truck coming blocks away. He got all his change ready and ran out the door. He got out just in time to catch it. He picked his favorite treats. It was the perfect end to a warm summer afternoon.
Sally made the best apple pies. Her friend, Julia, suggested that the enter a pie contest. The state fair had a pie contest, and coming up the next week. Sally entered her famous apple pie. Sally won the contest.
Carole called her daughter. Her daughter sounded troubled. Carole drove to her daughters house. Her daughter was crying. Carole comforted her daughter.
Jonah wanted to go to Australia. He was fond of kangaroos and wanted one as a pet. When his family took him for a vacation, he jumped up and down. The first thing he did in Australia was to look for a kangaroo. But he didn't find a pet.
Carl wanted to buy a new car. He did a lot of research online. Eventually he decided on one. When he went to the dealership they didn't have it. Carl decided to wait until they got one in.
I came to school mad since I barely got sleep last night. My friend greeted me and I gave her a mean look. The next day, she began to ignore me. However, I told her what happened during the day I was mad. She understood because she thought that I was mad at her.
We saw Star Trek today. We got the 11 AM movie. There was nobody in the theater. After that, we decided on a whim to watch Jason Bourne. This was rare, as we hardly ever watch movies.
Morgan usually followed the rules. She didn't like to lie to her parents or upset them. One night, she snuck out to see her boyfriend. Her parents caught her and were so mad. Morgan felt terrible about the stress she'd caused them.
Jeff was cleaning out the garage. He saw a box that he didn't recognize. He opened it up and dug inside. There, he found an old toy he hadn't seen in years. The toy brought back a lot of memories and emotion.
One day while driving my car I noticed a strong vibration. I got worried because I thought there was something really wrong. I drove a further to see if the vibration would work itself out. After it didn't stop I turned into a auto shop parking lot. When I got out I realized it was just a low tire and nothing serious.
Ed and his buddies went to the middle school dance together. The music had a great beat so they went out on the floor to dance. Ed was really getting into it. All of a sudden he realized the music had stopped but he hadn't. He was still dancing while everyone watched.
I had been invited to a party. Wanting to look my best, I shopped around for a nice dress. I finally found a beautiful dress that would go well with my pearls. I wore it to the party. To my chagrin, I saw someone else there wearing the same dress.
Janet was excited to go to the park. She leashed up her two dogs to walk on the trail. She stopped after a few miles to have a picnic lunch with them. Janet walked her dogs a few more miles before turning around. The walk back to the car seemed longer but was well worth the effort!
Fred is driving down the road. His car starts to make a noise. He pulls over to check it out. Its his engine up in smoke. He calls a tow truck for help.
Chris was bit by a dog when he was a kid. Chris's friend invited him over and he accepted. Chris's friend has a dog. He was really nervous around the dog. The dog was really nice and Chris is no longer scared.
Lana was an excellent singer. She wanted to go far with her career. So she approached a record label and signed on. Soon, she was approached for sex by the manager. She quit the next day and swore off the industry.
Sam was at a concert. He saw a fun raffle for a band tee-shirt. He decided to put his name in the bowl. Later they drew for the winner. Sam won one of the free shirts!
One day i overslept and was late for work. I was  so upset that i didn't hear my alarm clock and that i was late. On my way to work i saw this horrible accident. Later i found out that two people had died in this accident. First time in my life i felt lucky and blessed for being late to work.
Sandra loved to walk along the beach. During a walk, she saw a man walking around with a metal detector. Sandra thought it would be fun to get one for herself as a hobby. She walked along the beach with her new metal detector the next day. Upon reaching the end of her walk, Sandra found valuable rare coin!
John and his wife slept early. It was their anniversary and they wanted to watch the sunrise. They had the alarm set at 5 in the morning. It didn't wake them up. They missed it, but they watched the sunset instead.
Sam went outside to smoke. His lighter didn't want to work. It wasn't out of fuel. Something else was wrong with it. Eventually Sam gave up and went back in.
Once upon a time, in a time not to long ago. There was a friend, hoping to become a cook cheerful and glee. His name was Joe, and just his name would light up the room. There was a terrible accident, and words can't explain the impact. He may be gone, but his name still lights up the room.
Pat had always wanted to meet someone famous, so he went on a trip. He finally arrived in Los Angeles, and began to walk the city. Everyone he ran into looked famous, but he couldn't be sure. Sitting down at an outdoor cafe, he ordered a meal and looked around. At the table next to him eating was George Clooney!
Pilar loved to eat fruit. She heard about a nearby town that had strawberry fields. She decided to take a day trip to get some strawberries. Pilar spent the entire day in the field picking strawberries. She left the field with over a dozen baskets of strawberries.
A new neighbor moved in. His name was Terri. He was an undercover cop. He blew his cover. The neighbors house was shot at.
One day, a grandma was drinking tea. She offered it to her grandson. He didn't like it. As a result, she made him drink more. Finally, he grew sick of her and ran away from home.
Margaret loved fashion. She had subscriptions to the top fashion magazines. Margaret's mother suggested that she study fashion design in college. Margaret took her mother's advice and applied to a fashion institute. Margaret was accepted and offered a scholarship to the school.
Tim was at a local carnival. The rides were not that well inspected. Tim fell out of his seat in one of them. The seat belt had snapped. The family was furious but couldn't do anything about it.
Many found a gun in the attic. She took it to a dealer and he told her it was an antique. She decided she would get it restored. After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it. She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy.
John had been trying to open a jar of peanut butter for an hour. He didn't understand how it could be screwed on so tight. He tried hammering it, twisting it, anything he could think of doing. Finally he gave up, completely frustrated. That's when his little sister came in and popped open the can.
Tom was late for work and driving fast. He did not want to be late, nor stop along the way. His gas tank was getting low and he did not fill up. He ran out of gas on the highway. He was extremely late to work, and upset.
A father told his daughter that he would like to read her a book. He told her to pick whatever book she wanted to hear. The girl went to the bookshelf and picked one at random. She returned to her dad with a large cookbook. The father read her many recipes to her delight.
Mary had a miscarriage. Her husband Mark tried to be supportive. But Mary got more and more depressed. She did not want to stay with Mark anymore. They divorced.
Bryan needed to write an essay for his class. Bryan went to the library and checked out a lot of books. He also went online and searched through google for information. He spent a few days doing research. After a few days, he wrote his essay and he did a good job.
Allie felt not so good last night. She ate too much. So she had to sleep it off. Then she woke up. She felt so much better.
They had circled around twice in a row. Roger was starting to lose patience as they had been lost for hours. Rick gave Roger the map and compass and gave up control. Roger studied the map and pointed out the direction they should walk. After walking along that path for ten minutes, they found their camp.
Tom was hungry. Tom thought about what he wanted to eat. Tom walked to the restaurant near his home. Tom ate there. Tom satiated his appetite.
My friend needed an undershirt. We were in a rich neighborhood. We went in the first store we saw. There was a pack of three. But it cost 50 dollars.
Susie had been using a droid phone for quite awhile. She had liked it but was having issues. One day it stopped working. So she got an iPhone instead. Susie liked the iPhone so much better.
Paul was at risk for a disease. He decided to have a health screening. The doctor asked him questions. Then he drew some blood. Paul was anxious for the results.
Tina was so hungry. She got her dinner and devoured it. She couldn't help herself. When she was done she was so full. She got sick because it was too much too fast.
Cindy bragged to her brother about how well she had done at bowling. She had surpassed the best score he had ever gotten! Suspicious, her brother asked her if the bumpers had been up. It turns out they had been, but she hadn't known what they were. Cindy was embarrassed to have been so ignorant and boastful.
Jan was ready to get her driver's license. She had practiced a lot, but she was still nervous. She went to the DMV office and handed in her paperwork. She got in the car to take her road test. She passed on the first try and got her license.
We have two cameras. One is a point and shoot. Another is a bridge camera. Both cameras have shutter lag and slow flash recharging. We bought a newer, faster camera this week.
Tyson's cat had gone missing. Him and his friends were putting posters up everywhere. Tyson was working on one street when he heard a familiar meow. He looked down an alley and saw his precious cat. Carefully, he retrieved his cat from the wild.
When I turned twelve, I blossomed faster than the other girls. I suddenly looked like an adult. I no longer wanted to be seen in public. As I grew older, I began to view it as an asset. I embraced my larger endowments and made the best of the situation.
Alex returned from the garden without tomatoes. He told his mother that the chickens were eating them. She did not believe that chickens liked tomatoes. The next day, she found the rooster with tomato on his beak. She apologized to Alex for thinking he was lying.
When Billy went to bed Tuesday night, it was snowing. He hoped it would snow all night so school would be cancelled. When he woke up the next morning he ran to the window. It was still snowing! School was cancelled the next three days.
Jason went to a soup kitchen to get some food. On his way in, a group of protestors got in his way. They want the soup kitchen to serve more culturally diverse people. Jason doesn't care too much, as he's hungry and cold. After eating, Jason realized the kitchen does need more cultural.
Tim had a really important rehearsal with his band. He packed his guitar and amp in his car. He drove really fast to his friend's house. When he got there he realized he forgot his guitar pick at home. He borrowed his friend's pick and they jammed for hours.
Teresa is flying to Maine to see her sister. Her flight has been delayed three hours. Teresa is upset because this takes time away from seeing her sister. Teresa gets out her laptop and video chats with her sister. Teresa is thankful for technology so she can see her sister.
Joe was a police officer. Joe was patrolling the streets of the city in his cruiser. Suddenly, Joe was alerted to a crime happening near him by dispatch. Joe responded to the scene and found a bank robber fleeing on foot. Joe arrested the criminal and was promoted.
Jack's wife complained he never helped with chores. He decided to help by doing laundry. Jack piled all the laundry in one big load. When he finished, the whites were stained with colors. Jack's wife never complained about doing laundry again.
It's always been a yearly tradition for a group of us to go canoeing. Each year we pack our things and drive two hours to get to the river. Once we get on those canoes it's such a peaceful relaxing getaway. However, one year the water level was down so low. We ended up canoeing over rocks, and will never go back now.
Brit was 16 and felt that boarding school would suit her well. Her parents thought it over, but said they weren't sure. Eventually they agreed to let her try it for one semester. Brit was thrilled! She squealed her thanks with elation and delight!
Jesse leans against the plain wooden foot board of her bed. She strums her shiny black acoustic guitar wistfully. A capo on the second fret helps her reach a key she can use. Jesse sings of a place over the rainbow to her empty room. She finishes with a lonely sigh, pining for her recently dead mom.
Kate and her friends were at an Asian buffet. But the waitresses didn't speak much English. They took very long to give them their drinks. And they had the wrong number of people on the bill. But Kate thought the low price was worth the trouble.
Buck and Bill were out hunting one day. Buck accidentally shot Bill! The two men had to hurry to the hospital. Bill had been wounded in his left leg. The doctors said he would walk with a limp forever!
Adam went to the liquor store on his 21st birthday. He had no knowledge on what to buy. He was too nervous to ask for assistance. So he just grabbed random bottles off the shelves. The cashier gave him a funny look after seeing his choices.
The man cried. He didn't know why he was crying. He talked to his friend about it. His friend guessed that he was depressed. The man researched depression online.
Tim was in a computer lab. He stood up to use the restroom. When he returned someone took his spot. Tim tried to tell him the problem but he wasn't heard. The kid who took his chair was deaf.
Kate loved having a home that smelled good. She would burn candles and use room spray. One day, she chose cinnamon. Her guests all commented on how pleasant the scent was. Kate was proud of her home.
Edward hated dust a lot. In fact, he cleaned his house every day. One day, he decided that he would invite some guests. Before that, he spotted dust on the ground! Edward cleaned the dust up very quickly.
Maggie always left her purse on the top of her shopping cart. Everyone told her that was a bad idea and someone would take it. While at target Maggie's purse was taken as she picked out a shirt. She called and cancelled her credit cards. She will never put her purse up there ever again.
Ken had to turn his rented car in and needed a lift. He called Steve who accepted to help him. The two men arrived at the rented place early in the morning. As the door was closed they had to wait five minutes. But as soon as it was done, Steve drove Ken back to his house.
When I was young I went trick or treating. I dressed up as a hockey player. I even had roller skates! I got so much candy! I went home and ate so much!
Ed had no car. He wanted to go home for spring break. He decided he had to hitchhike. He stuck his thumb out and a nice truck driver picked him up. He drove Ed most of the way to his hometown.
I knew he would be disappointed. The funeral was huge, but filled with my friends. No one really liked him much in life. In death, they had stayed away from him as well. He was buried in the pouring rain.
Portia had always wanted an outdoor game to play with her kids. Her husband and she argued over what game they should play. Finally they bought a badminton set for their backyard. Her kids loved the new game! Now Portia and her family play badminton every weekend.
John plays lots of video games with his friends. There are times where John gets very angry. This anger causes a lot of issues with his friends. John doesn't even care. This causes John to lose lots of good friends.
Ned's work was doing a secret santa project. Ned signed up to participate. He got his boss! He bought his boss a tie. Ned's secret santa bought him a tie, too!
Kate was invited on a cruise by an older man. She was flattered but felt worried. She had never gone on a cruise before but didn't like him. In the end Kate decided to turn the offer down. Kate told the man and he was sad but accepted.
Some of my friends were in the army. They spent a lot of time in the middle east. They told me a lot of stories about their experiences. Some of them really scared me. All in all they gave me a lot more respect for my Army friends.
A giraffe was running in a wild forest. A group of officials were trying to tranquilize it. They fired a tranquilizer at the giraffe. The first shot missed but the second shot attacked the giraffe. It passed out on the ground.
Ken was playing football with his son. Then the ball struck the tip of a barbed fence. It punctured and deflated! Ken and his son were so disappointed. They decided to go play another game.
Josh wanted to become a sumo wrestler. He moved to Japan to train in a dojo. He trained for two years. Finally, he decided to test his skills in a real match. He lost the match within one minute!
There were five little girls in Ms Marshall's class who were friends. One of the little girl's got a new dress and showed her friends. One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly. That little girl often said mean things and wasn't a good friend. All the girls told her she needed to be nicer or go away.
The math teacher announced a pop quiz as class began. While some students complained, he began passing out the quiz. I took out my pencil and began to work. About 5 minutes later, I finished. I stood up feeling confident and turned it in.
Alice wanted a job transcribing lectures. She had to take a test to see if she could do so effectively. She worked hard and long on the test. Unfortunately, her test results said that she did not pass. She felt very disappointed.
Nell couldn't resist the candy counter in her dad's store. She snuck in after hours to eat her favorite candies. One day, Nell's dad came home fuming. He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy. In the bin, he found the mix was reduced to a couple types of candy.
Barry's coworkers knew that he loved gardening. Barry's coworkers bought him a gardening kit. Barry loved the kit, but noticed a package with mystery seeds. Barry decided to plant the seeds. Barry was surprised to see that the seeds grew to be sunflowers.
Kip always loved war movies that involved submarines. On a trip, Kip had the chance to visit a real navy submarine. Inside the sub, Kip found the cabin was very cramped and crowded. He felt claustrophobic, had a panic attack, and bolted from the sub. Kip decided that the life of a submariner was not for him.
Phil is feeling bored one day. He decides to go to the neighborhood park to play on a swing. Phil swings back and forth for a while. After that he goes back home. He is glad that he is no longer bored.
Jay invited his girl over for breakfast one morning. He rose extra-early to cook for her. He whipped up a big batch of fluffy pancakes. Then he served them to his hungry girl. She raved about how yummy they were!
Vikkie was part of the junior color guard. She was only one spot away from being team leader. One day the team leader Sara quit. With no one else having experience it fell upon Vikkie. She is now the leader of the color guard.
Jordan has to go to Geneva to deposit money into a new bank account. On the way there, his boat crashes and sinks. Him and his wife then get saved by a rescue helicopter. Once they get to Geneva, they shop, being thankful they're alive. When it's time to leave, they decide not to take a boat again.
My husband and i went for a walk in town. We stopped by the chocolate shop. He picked out a box of truffles for us. We got home and he wanted to try them. We tried three, but then we did not.
Mick woke up with a great, big grin on his face. He was super excited to go back to work and help people out. His vehicle didn't start and he freaked out! Mick called his friend Ivan and had his vehicle fixed. Mick was able to make it to work on time.
Jack was walking home from school alone. A large Rottweiler stepped on the sidewalk and looked at him. Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking. The dog turned and ran straight at Jack. Jack ran faster than he ever had all the way home.
Tyler went to jail for unpaid child support. He was miserable and bored. Then he saw that the jail had a GED program. Tyler decided to use his time incarcerated to get a GED. When he left jail, he was glad to have furthered his education!
Joe had been talking to Nan about going to the dance. Nan told Joe she wasn't sure if she could go. Joe asked Tina to the dance instead. Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan. Joe went to the dance by himself just to laugh at Nan and Tina.
Ernesto the cat is injured. Another cat bit his foot. Ernesto's foot got infected. Ernesto's owner took him to the veterinarian. The veterinarian cleaned the injury and gave him some pills.
Jill got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend. She did all her homework in one day. This way, she could have the whole weekend free and without stress. During the weekend, Jill had fun and did not think about school. Jill felt glad that she got all her homework done on time.
Gina hated to drive on the snow. And it was snowing hard now. The weather man foretasted the snow would fall all day. There was no sense in delaying her trip. Gina bundled up, and headed out into the white out.
I was watching tv in my living room. I noticed that my living room was very messy. I got up to clean it up. I picked up all of the mess and sat back down. The living room looked much better afterward.
Bob is an old man who loves to watch western movies. Everyday when he wakes up he drinks his coffee and turns on the tv. After the weather, the first thing he watches is old western shows. He loves the cowboys fighting, the horses, and the pretty women! Bob says that if he could watch westerns all day every day he would.
Rosa was a housekeeper at an upscale hotel in New York City. Rosa worked hard, learning the responsibilities of various positions. When a management position opened up, she put in for the job. After several agonizing weeks, Rosa was finally given the position. Now the hotel's housekeeping is better than it's ever been.
Rachel joined an internet dating site. She received and answered many messages from men wanting to date her. She felt especially attracted to a man named Darren. Rachel and Darren started a relationship that turned to a wedding. Internet dating definitely worked for Rachel!
Geraldine was filming lions with her GoPro. The lions noticed her and ran to her Jeep. They jumped on top of the Jeep and roared. Geraldine was worried if the cloth fabric would hold. She started the car and nudged forward to scare the lions.
I was at the beach with my youth group. I was with some people in the ocean. One of the girls noticed something. A guy had picked her up earlier. She wondered if he liked her.
Dan held himself responsible for what happened. He'd entered the koi koi contest knowing he wasn't prepared. He'd bet the whole family's fortune on the final round. He'd lost it, of course. Dan couldn't bear to face his family after the game.
Ana had a new boyfriend. He asked her to ride with him on his catamaran. Ana was nervous but she agreed. They went out the very next day, and Ana was surprised. She had not expected it to be so wonderful!
Ava was getting annoyed. Every time she turned on the tv, there was an election ad! She couldn't wait for the election to be over. In November, she voted for her favorite candidate. She was so relieved it was all over!
Amber drove home from work one night It was really bad weather outside She went down a dark road that was covered in water she could not tell how deep the water was and drove into a flood she messed up her car bad, and it had to be towed
Max loved reading fiction. There were no fiction books on his shelf. Max decided he should go to the library. He forgot his sister took his car. Then his sister walked in with a bunch of books from the library.
Katherine was tired of having long hair. One day, she buzzed all of it off. She faced a lot of criticism because of it. She thought about growing it out so people would stop criticizing her. She decided to keep the buzz cut because it makes her feel good.
I was at the doctor's office. And the doctor had a social worker come visit me. I ended up waiting for 20 minutes. And she was no help at all. I decided that social workers were useless.
Larry decides he needs a new shirt. He goes to the store to buy one. At first he cannot find one that fits. Finally he finds a nice one that fits well. Larry is happy that he has a new shirt.
Jake was playing catch with his dad. Jake threw a baseball for his dad to catch. His dad missed, and the baseball hit him right in the face. Jake got his father some ice to put on his face after. His dad had to miss work the very next day.
Jared and his grandpa went to the park. They enjoyed walking around. While at the park they saw many birds. Jared and his grandpa really enjoyed watching birds. They came home that day both agreeing what a good time the park was.
Wendy said she would turn in her gear if she didn't get some boots. She was sick of being the only one on scene without proper PPE. The Chief told her to go buy a pair and he'd reimburse her. Wendy bought a really nice pair of tactical response boots. The chief paid the bill and mused his feet could probably fit in them.
Kelly had been wearing glasses for the longest time. Unfortunately she took a slip and fall down the stairs. As a result she broke her glasses. Kelly then immediately took them to be fixed. Thankfully they were fixed in two hours.
A tv network shot a new show. They started to advertise it. A lot of viewers watched it. It had high ratings. It won an award.
I went to the store to buy milk. I walked through the store and put many items in the cart. I went to the register, checked out, and drove home. When i went to put my items away, I realized I had forgotten the milk. I was frustrated during my drive back to the store.
Amy's first volleyball game for the JV team was a bust. She had been looking forward to the game all week. Now it was over, and she didn't even get to play. She walked to her room quietly. Closed the door and lay on the floor crying.
Timmy followed hipsters around. He went to their houses with them. He asked them about their record players. They told them what was good. He went and bought his own.
Tom constantly ran out of breath. He decided to fix it by joining a marathon. Tom trained hard for it every day. He was able to finish it when the day came. Tom's cardio improved a great deal.
Tim was trick or treating during Halloween. There was one house that looked dark and spooky. Tim ran up to ring the doorbell and knock. Eventually someone came out and told him to leave. The people living there didn't celebrate that holiday.
I sent my girlfriend to get a replacement part for my car. I gave her the model number and a description. She said she would come right back. Three hours later she finally returns. Somehow she still managed to get the wrong part.
Jenna was getting bad earaches recently. Her mom took her to the doctor and got her some medicine. That night, she had yet another ear ache. She lied down on the couch and put the medicine in her ear. Soon, her ear felt much better.
Kim lost ten pounds for a wedding. Then she decided to celebrate her success with ice cream. A few snacks turned into weeks of eating everything in sight. Soon Kim had gained all the weight back! She was very disappointed in herself.
Every day, Susan watched the school bus pick up her older sister. Susan wanted to know when she could go to school too. Susan turned 5. The school sent a letter Susan was old enough! Susan finally got to take the bus to school.
Tim and Lucy have been dating for six months. One day, Tim took her to the park. He led her on a walk around the lake. As they got to the gazebo, he got down on one knee. He proposed to her and she said yes.
Jodie found the baby outside on her doorstep one morning. There was no note, just a blanket wrapped around the baby. She took the baby to the hospital to make sure it was healthy. The officials told her she could adopt the baby if she chose. She went ahead and adopted the baby.
There was tall pine tree in Fannie Mae's yard that was dead. She needed it cut down but she wanted it done cheaply. She called her power company but they wanted too much to cut it down. To save money, she had her son cut it down. The tree fell onto her house causing over 9 thousand dollars of damage.
Jane loved to read. Her mother gave her a book for her birthday. She spent the whole day reading. She fell in love with the story. When she finally finished, she felt sad it was over.
I started taking vocal lessons. It has been a plan of mine for a long time. Others ask me why I'm taking them. I tell them that I want to sing professionally. Really it's just a hobby for me and it helps my self-esteem.
Scott enjoyed his job working as a roofer. One day at work Scott slipped and fell from a roof. He suffered a severe fracture of his right leg. After his injury, Scott was unable to climb onto roofs. Scott decided to make his living by selling roofs over the phone.
Eve made the mistake of falling asleep first at a party. Her giggling friends drew a Pokemon monster on her cheek. They took a picture and posted it on their social media pages. When Eve woke up they laughed even harder. She groggily looked in the mirror and growled menacingly at them.
Charles was financially wiped out and didn't know how he'd eat. Luckily a credit card arrived for him. He activated his card and went to a restaurant. He paid for his meal with his new credit card. His waiter said, our economy is set up so everyone needs a credit card.
Arden knew he needed to get to sleep because he needs to work nights. The change of hours at work was giving him trouble adjusting. He decided to take some medicine to help him sleep better. The doctor prescribed him something to help him sleep. The medicine helped him sleep so he could go to work.
My friend was hurt. I kicked him between his legs. I missed. We were juggling a soccer ball together. I thought it would be fun.
Tom had started drinking more heavily. He noticed he was consuming a lot of beer. Tom started getting a gut and out of shape. He decided to stop drinking so much beer. He switched to lower calorie vodka instead.
Tom was out to dinner with friends. He was really hungry when ordering food. Tom ordered way more than he could finish. He still forced himself to do so. Tom wound up getting sick that night.
Jane had always been lactose intolerant. She had been invited to the wedding of a close friend. All the food served there seemed to contain dairy products. Jane had a difficult time eating enough to make her feel satisfied. Jane left after the wedding to get some fast food.
Neil was visiting Scandinavia. His favorite stop was Lapland. He saw the strange Northern folks' homes and towns. It was so exotic and lovely! Neil decided he would love to winter in Lapland!
It was a warm day and the gas was cheap. I decided to drive around with the top down. The sun's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head. It was pleasant and calming. I wish I could go back to when everything wasn't so cold and expensive.
Gina had a hard time getting her frozen car door to open. Now that she had gotten it open the latch was stuck. Now the door wouldn't latch closed. She pulled the door hard. It bounced off the rubber trim, and remained open.
Stewie got a telescope for christmas. He decided to use it to check out the sky at night. When the sun went down he assembled the telescope in his backyard. He looked into the telescope and saw thousands of stars. It was such a pretty sight and he decided this would become a ritual.
Zach placed powder into his friend's drink. His friend approached the cup. After he took a sip, he immediately passed out. When he woke up, he saw Zach. Zach told him that's what he gets for taking his money.
Ted is on a non-stop plane ride to Italy. He has never been out of the country before so he's quite nervous. In order to pass some time, he is planning on taking a nap. So far, Ted has been having trouble getting comfortable. Instead of forcing himself to sleep, he's decided to read a book.
Neil wanted to see a foreign culture. He decided to fly to India. He landed and stared at the land outside the airport windows. He was amazed by its beauty. He knew India was going to thrill him!
Andy threw a baseball. It went very far. It went into a farmer's field. He went to retrieve the baseball. He came across a large crop circle and became afraid.
Lupe, Christina and Carmen told stories about the haunted house. But Carmen challenged the other two girls to go inside the house. They climbed a brick fence and entered the backyard. Next, they turned the handle to the back door. Suddenly, a window opened and the girls ran for the wall.
Jim's flight was leaving at 7:00. As he headed out the door Jim could not find his keys. Jim called a friend for a ride to the airport. He arrived much later than planned. When Jim got to the gate he saw that his flight had been delayed.
Lilly loves to swim in the pool. She thinks the water is so pretty, and she loves to splash. Her mama says she needs an adult to swim with her. When mama gets done with the dishes, they change into their suits. Now it's time to splash in the water!
Nate approached the court. The judged asked him to honestly answer several questions. The defense attorney began to interrogate Nate. He kept a serious tone when speaking. Afterwards, the judge dismissed him.
Sylvia was making a pizza at work. She got distracted and forgot about it. Suddenly, she smelled something burning. The pizza was burnt. Sylvia had to make it up out of her paycheck.
James took his family to the beach. They had a great time running through the surf. They would jump over the waves and dig in the sand. It was a relaxing time for his family to reconnect. James decided to bring his family here every year.
Samantha recently deleted her dating profile. She just wasn't satisfied with the results. One day, she got a ding on her profile. Surprisingly, one last dating prospect had came through. Samantha decided to go out with the guy, for one last shot.
Elizabeth was golfing in Florida. She hit the ball and it sailed into the distance. As she walked to retrieve the ball, an alligator showed up. He walked near the ball and swallowed it. Elizabeth looked on in shock and decided to call it a day.
The Jensen family were all quite excited. Tonight was the big meteor shower. They had all stayed up late to watch it. The meteors began raining down. The family had a great time that night.
I bought nice new clothes at an outlet mall for my first day of work. My boss complained that I was dressed too casually. That evening I went and bought more formal clothes at a thrift store. My boss complimented me the next day on following his advice. I returned the new clothes to the mall and saved a bunch of money.
I walked into a liquor store. I bought a lottery ticket at the store. The lottery ticket had my favorite numbers listed on it. I checked the newspapers for the winning numbers. I did not win the lottery.
Zack wanted fried chicken. He decided to cook some himself. He bought all the ingredients. He even bought a large fryer. He was impressed with how great his chicken turned out.
John was in the 9th grade. He had to enter the science fair. His teacher gave him his project guidelines. He followed them and came up with a project. John placed third in the science fair.
Fred applied for a new job. The company called him back to schedule an interview. They told him so fax a resume before he came. Fred panicked because he didn't know where to find a fax machine. He just gave up on the job because he didn't know where to look.
Kyle had to write a research paper for school. He spent an hour every day doing research and writing drafts. When the due date came, he was totally prepared. He was confident he had gotten a good grade. When the papers were returned, Kyle's hard work paid off with an A.
I hated waking up in the morning. I decided to throw away my alarm clock. Now, I could wake up naturally instead of forcing it. Alas, I ended up sleeping ten hours every night. I realized I needed an alarm clock to avoid sleeping too much.
Three girls were swimming when they found a frog. One of the girls caught the frog in her hands. The other girl protested and told her to let it go. They argued over the frog for a minute. Finally, one of the girls let the frog go free in the bushes.
Mark played basketball all the time. He tried out for his school team. He showed the coach his 3 pointer skills. And his amazing dribbling ability. Mark made the team as captain.
Josie had a hard week at work. She wrapped up a difficult case and went home. All she wanted was a bath and to spend time with her husband. When she got there, all the lights were turned off. Her husband was waiting for her with a candlelit bath ready.
The kids liked helping with the grocery shopping. They would add all sorts of things to their mom's list. One day, they added ice cream and candy and chocolate. THey were disappointed when their mom came home from the store. She hadn't bought any of the junk food!
Kay was washing clothes when she heard the washer stop. She assumed the load finished and went to change it to the dryer. She was confused to see water in the washer. She tried to turn it on but the washer wouldn't come back on. Kay had to wring her clothes out by hand to finish her laundry.
The last day of school before the holiday was before us. All the students in my class were talking. There was no point in getting them to stop, so I just shook my head. I called for them all to get in the hallway. We all walked together to watch The Polar Express as a school.
Nick was going to a party for a friend. At the party they had cake and ice cream for the kids. Nick sat eating his ice cream when the music came on. Nick got down from his chair and started dancing. Nick continued to dance as his daddy put him back in his chair.
Amy needed service on her cable box. She had an appointment with the cable company. She called off work and stayed home to wait for them. But she waited all day and they never showed up! Amy was angry that she'd wasted her day for nothing.
Jay was a firm believer that his car was faster than Joe's. They agreed to race after school. Jay was in the lead at first. Then Joe caught up. Joe won the race.
Gil needed an onion for his dinner. His fried bologna just wouldn't taste right without it! But he had no time to run to the store. Then he decided to borrow one from his neighbor. She lent him an onion and saved the dinner!
My brother-in-law left his old speakers in my closet. He had claimed he would come back for them later on. They stayed there for three years. Eventually I installed them in my new home theater set-up. My brother-in-law didn't mind as he had in fact forgotten about them.
Sarah was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom. She panicked and threw a brush at it. Unfortunately, the brush missed and shattered the mirror. Glass shards fell to the ground. Sarah grimaced, knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck.
Reese spent the summer studying in France. She lived with a French family for three weeks. On the weekends they visited Germany. She spent 3 days in Paris before returning home. Her favorite part was all of the delicious food.
Laura was worried how the presidential campaign would impact children. A fourth grade teacher, she gave her class some perspective. She spoke about influential women in history and gender equality. She also had a guest speaker talk about living with disabilities. Laura hoped these messages would empower respect and compassion.
Bill always fought about who would do the laundry. He thought it was his wife's duty. She felt she did enough. They eventually decided on a compromise. He would wash all the clothes and she would fold.
Beth loved shoes. She went shoe shopping every week. She decided to go to a new mall for shoes. She saw that this mall had a really great selection. She found her new favorite pair of shoes at this mall.
I went for a pleasure walk in my backyard the other day. Next to a tree I found a fallen nest. There were three eggs still in it. I put the nest back on tree securely. I continued my walk back inside.
Kelly was in the hospital. She was pregnant and had been having some early labor. The doctors recommend she get some shots to stop the labor. She didn't have enough time for process though. She had to leave for work but luckily she was fine.
I was hungry. But, I didn't have anything in my house to eat. I decided to ask my neighbor for some noodles. He offered to cook dinner for me. I agreed and we had a fun night talking and eating together!
One day there was a terrible oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Oil spilled for many days. It polluted the ocean. Lots of animals died. People were very sad.
I played cards with my girlfriend. We played gin rummy 500. I never let her beat me. She played very well. I ended up losing by over 200 points.
Joey hadn't seen his ex girlfriend in a while. He missed her a bit. Joey called his ex to see if she wanted to have dinner. She told him she was now engaged. Joey hung up the phone upset and sad.
Tim never did well at school. His self esteem was taking a hit because of it. His parents wanted to cheer him up. They bought him a trophy for being a hard worker. Tim felt a bit better about himself.
Hunter wanted to buy a new pet. He always enjoyed dogs, so he decided to buy one. At the pet store, he found the perfect dog for him. Months later, his pet grew to be large and ferocious. It was then he realized the dog was actually a wolf.
When Jon came back from work, there was a man in his apartment. He didn't know him and asked him who he was. The man turned to face him with a gun in his hand. Jon froze and tried to scream. He barely saw the bullet before he fell on the ground and died.
Frank's birthday was coming up. He wanted to throw a party. He was afraid no one would show up. He nervously passed out invites. Many people came and they had fun!
Amy went on a road trip to Georgia. She was going to apply for custody of her son. She arrived in Atlanta, and hurried to the courthouse. She testified that her ex-husband wasn't fit to be a father. The judge granted Amy custody of her son.
Ron decided that he needed a vacation. He booked a ticket for himself and his wife. Ron's wife was nervous to get on the plane. Ron told her that it would be a great vacation. She eventually got over her fears and went.
Bob took his daughter canoeing on the river. The entire trip was about three miles. The current was very fast through the shoals. They got hung up on a rock near the end. They had a good time and pledged to go again.
The Millers had a mouse in their house. Their cat had been stalking it for days. He finally cornered it in the kitchen. The battle went on for hours. The cat finally killed the mouse.
Eric was terrible at math but he had a quiz that day in it. He studied that morning before breakfast and on the bus. He was nervous he was going to fail. When the time came, Eric took his time and tried his best. He got his score back the next day and he passed!
Kevin went on his first yacht ride yesterday. His family rented a boat in France. When he got on the boat it was beautiful. He couldn't believe he was actually on a boat. He couldn't wait to go on another one.
Amber earned a degree in social work. She soon became frustrated with her career as a social worker. Amber quit her job, but was faced with student loan bills. Unable to find work, Amber got a job as an exotic dancer. Amber made more money, but was still not happy with her career choice.
I found I shared a bus stop with a cute girl in high school. We didn't share the same circles. She was friendly. I saw her later in school. She ignored me.
Lilly had practiced all summer hoping to make the cheer team. She barely missed getting on it last year. She focused on her jumps. She felt like she had done well at tryouts. When the squad list came out she was thrilled to see her name on it!
Marsha was having a Halloween party at her house. She invited everyone except sandy. When Sandy found out she wasn't invited, she was upset. She asked Marsha about it. Marsha felt badly and ended up inviting her.
It was the first day of Spring. Thomas wanted to plant a tree. He and his mother went to a plant nursery. They picked out a cherry tree. Thomas and his mother planted the tree, and had a lot of fun!
James decided to try out for his high school jazz band. He felt confident that he was a better trumpet player than his peers. He was so confident that he only practiced the audition music once. During the audition, he made many mistakes. He was angry with himself when he learned he did not pass the audition.
My friend called yesterday and asked for a place to stay. Things had gotten tough with their job. I of course offered my couch for a little while. After discussion, we decided they could move in. She's now getting her stuff sorted.
Laurence grabbed an apple from the refrigerator. He bit into it and then spit it back out. The apple was rotten. Laurence looked in the fridge and realized everything was expired. Laurence decided to clean out his refrigerator more often.
Bob wanted to buy a house. He got a job at a call center to fund his endeavor. Bob worked overtime to earn the money he needed. Working so many hours gave him a back injury. Bob had to spend the money he earned at a chiropractor instead.
Jeff had a wife named Susan whom he loved deeply. She passed away from breast cancer last year. He hasn't coped well and started drinking. He lost his job because he was drinking on the job. Now all he does is sit at home all day and drink.
Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker. Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food. Everyone was jealous of how good Sam's food tasted. One night, people stole Sam's favorite smoker to use for themselves! Sam was so sad he stopped inviting people over to eat.
Lawrence and his buddies were going to float down a river. They showed up at the river banks ready to go. They all hopped in their tubes and started floating. They went several miles, having a good time all the while. They all agreed it was a great trip down the river.
Kelly was very tired after work. She went straight to her bed and collapsed. Suddenly she heard some crunching and cracking. She realized her husband had left a bag of chips in the bed. Kelly had crushed all of the chips, ruining them.
Alexa was informed that she would be receiving a school award. She attended the awards ceremony and waited anxiously. They finished with the class and teacher awards. She thought that maybe she had been misinformed. Then it was announced that she had won a school scholarship.
Aurelie has been away from her boyfriend for months. They can't afford plane tickets to see each other. She grows sadder each day, even though they video chat. One day he calls her and tells her to look out of the window. She finds him on her porch with a bouquet of roses.
Two boxers were fighting in the ring on fight night. The less experienced fighter had trouble landing punches. During the 3rd round, the less experienced fighter was knocked down. After getting back up, the boxer began learning from his mistakes. By the end of the night, the less experienced boxer won the fight.
James couldn't throw anything away. He collected junk and kept all his garbage. Soon, his house was totally full. James decided he would clean it all up. After an hour, he gave up.
Donna had a very big green dress. She wore it everywhere. One day, she decided she would wear it again. She searched for it everywhere. After many hours, she found it in the washer.
Paul had bad grades and didn't think he would graduate. There was only 5 days left but he studied and did make up work. He worked hard and stayed late after school. Finally, the grades were posted and he went to look. He had passed and was going to graduate!
Ashley wanted to make pancakes this morning but she didn't have milk. She to walked to the grocery store to buy some. When she got home she realized that she had accidentally bought cream. She was very frustrated. She decided to go to IHOP instead.
I played tee-ball for a season. It was not very fun. Most of the time I stood in the outfield. I liked hitting the ball. But I never played baseball again.
Jen was incredibly worried about her English test. So she started studying and never stopped. But as night approached, she began hearing loud music. Hours later, Jen decided to go outside and yell at her neighbors. But before Jen could walk their house, the music stopped.
Sara had taken some time off from running. She decided to get back in it. She started off slow. She decided to enter a race. Sara was able to finish the race and beat a record.
Becky and Wendy were best friends. They spent all their time together. Then Wendy met a guy named Anthony. Anthony convinces Wendy to move away with him. Becky and Wendy no longer see each other.
She needed a new makeup pouch. She found one at the discount store. It was silvery and glittery. She fell in love with it. She took it home to store her hair accessories.
Grandma went to the horse track. She wore her lucky hat that day. Grandma bet on three different horses. None of the horses that she picked won. Grandma threw out her lucky hat.
I took my girlfriend on a beach trip. I wanted to have a fun time laughing on the shore. However, I could not figure out where to park. When I found a place to park, I didn't have change for the meter. I drove home disappointed that my night didn't go as planned.
Tabitha face turned upward, she smiled as she looked towards the sun. Thoughts of her father rushed into her mind. Three Years have passed since the divorce. Determine to make new memories, she looked forward to better days. Excited about the future, Tabitha joined a group focused on happiness.
Dana loved her new holey jeans. She decided to wear them to school one day. However, when she got to school, she was sent to the office. Her jeans were against the dress code. Dana had to go home and change.
It was hard to be an only child. Cathy fidgeted on her bed, wondering what to do. The she grinned and began pulling blankets off her bed. When she was done, she built an enormous blanket tent! The rest the day, she played Settlers and Indians inside her fortress.
Henry bought tacos late at night. After he ate them, he continued to study for an exam. His stomach growled for several minutes. Henry became nauseous and ran to the bathroom. He had to throw up.
Carla and Anthony were a happy couple. One day, Anthony receives an email from an unknown source. The contents were chat logs between Carla and another man. He confronts her because they were flirting in the chat logs. She doesn't deny it and leaves him forever.
Gina was sitting at her desk smiling. She was thinking of her crush Jamie. He had smiled at her earlier that day. Her friend Tami saw and inquired about her smile. She decided to stop smiling instead of sharing with Tami.
John had a lawnmower he wanted to sell. He placed an ad on Craigslist. Someone called him about the ad. They met at a gas station. John was able to sell his lawnmower.
Iru Iri was a professional wrestler. He was fairly new to the trade. He aspired to be a champion of the world. He won a #1 contenders match. Iru went on to become champion.
Tom was out on a first date. It wasn't going so well. Tom's date looked visibly bored. He tried different things to entertain her but it didn't work. Eventually she went home early.
Rob had a new toy. It was a drone! He loved flying it around his neighborhood. He took videos with it as well. The drone was a fun new thing to play with.
Jill wanted a new handbag. She wanted to make it herself. She bought the materials to make it. She stitched it together. The bag had a large hole in the bottom.
Kai's mom invited him to a movie. Kai agreed to go with her. They went to see a horror movie. The movie was terrifying! Kai and his mom both had a great time!
John was a student in high school. John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms. He learned this was because there was a free health screening. John decided to get his hearing checked. He was happy to learn he had perfect hearing.
It was 1:30 in the morning when Jay told the bar it was last call. The bar was empty, but Jay liked doing things by the book. Just then a couple came in to the bar and they wanted shots. They looked so happy that Jay decided to bend the rules. He poured them each a shot and said it was on the house.
The football team had worked hard all season. They won regionals and were on the way to the state play-offs. During practice, the quarterback broke his arm. The team had to use the second string quarterback. Luckily, the team still won the play-offs.
Julie was on the couch when she saw her mom. She jokingly asked her mom to make her a sandwich. For some reason, her mom actually said yes. She went and made Julie a really nice sandwich. Then, she let Julie eat it on the couch.
Jim and Theresa went for walk around their neighborhood. While walking they saw a small boy crying on the sidewalk. He told them that he was lost. Jim contacted the police while Theresa comforted the boy. The police found the boy's parents and he was very relieved.
It was Timmy's 10th birthday and he invited his best friends. His best friend John gave him a fighting video game for his birthday! Timmy and his friends played the video game for hours. Afterwards Timmy's mom brought out birthday cake. All the children had a great time playing with each other.
Liza was excited to go fishing with her grandfather. He picked her up before dawn to go to the lake. He said they needed to be ready when the sun rose. He helped her put a worm onto her hook and cast her line. Within a few minutes she had caught her very first fish!
Law was trying to grow a vegetable garden. But they vegetables were not doing well. At the end of summer, all he had left were peas. Law decided to make the best of his situation. He made a big pot of pea soup from his homegrown peas!
I forgot it was tax season already. I don't have anything prepared. There are two days left until the deadline. My cousin is helping me rush through it. We got a last minute extension.
Todd was walking to the grocery store. He needed to cross a crosswalk first. Everything was going fine until he was almost across. Suddenly a car came speeding through the lane almost hitting him. Todd yelled at the driver but they didn't stop and he had to move on.
It was Jillian's birthday. She celebrated the day with her family. It was getting late and she hadn't received any gifts. She was a bit confused, but didn't say anything. Suddenly, her mom surprised her with her gifts right before bed.
Tina wanted a new iPod. She looked everywhere for one. Finally she wanted a pink one she liked. When she got it it was great. Tina wanted another one.
The water was cold. I did not feel like swimming. My dad told me I needed to learn. He threw me in the pool. I decided swimming was fun after all.
Sarah was on the cheerleading team. She had to learn how to do backflips to get on the team. She practiced for days and days. Eventually she managed to do a couple of back flips. That's how she made the cheerleading team,
Gabby was a very dirty person. She hadn't bathed in 4 days. One night she was invited to a date by a boy named Nic. Gabby accepted and put on lots of perfume to hide her smell. Nic could smell the stench though and never asked her out again.
Kia decided to go vegetarian for Lent. At first it was very hard. She missed cheeseburgers! But it got easier as time passed. When Lent ended, Kia decided to remain vegetarian!
I sometimes feel like I'm the only one who cleans. My girlfriend says she does, but I disagree. I clean up after her often. She'll then enter a room and think it was always that clean. At which point the cycle starts over again.
Dave's wife died of cancer before their second anniversary. He was so depressed and he thought of her constantly. On Facebook, he started talking to an old classmate. They met for coffee and she consoled him. After a few months, they began dating.
Ciana was cold. Mom told her to find a blanket. She complained that the only blankets that she could find were small. Mom rolls her eyes. Ciara steals the blanket from Mom's bed.
Tim got worked at a machine shop. He was not that safety conscious. He didn't pay much attention. It lead to a big accident. Tim got severely injured.
Jessica had a tough life. She grew up without a mom and was responsible for her brothers. She never felt sorry for herself but knew she wanted a better life. Jessica started an organization for low income kids. She knew she wanted to help kids better themselves so she did.
Jim became lost in the woods. He ran to the right, and the to the left. He ran uphill and down, but to no avail. He started to cry, convinced he'd die. His Mom found him and brought him home safely.
A man came out of the building today. He asked me if the bus to Harvard Square had left. I told him it had just left a few minutes ago. He got onto his phone and contacted Uber. He got his ride a few minutes later.
I was very religious. One day, my father passed away. God was not there to save him. I renounced God. I realized I had been naive with my belief in God.
Lionel had been depressed for fifteen years. So when he woke up one morning feeling happy, he was surprised. He checked his body for symptoms. But he felt fine as if a cloud had moved away. He took a big breath happy to finally enjoy life again.
Gideon needed money to pay his rent. He put an ad in the paper looking for work. Gideon's neighbor called and asked him to walk her dogs. Gideon took the job right away. Gideon was happy to earn enough money to pay his rent.
Greg always wanted his own dog. One day he decided to go to the pet store to get a dog. Greg picked out a beagle. At first the beagle was shy and nervous. Eventually Greg and his dog became very close.
Nathan was so excited to get horseback riding lessons. Nathan and his dad drove to the ranch to get started. The horses were beautiful, and very cooperative during the lessons. Nathan learned very quickly. Nathan had a wonderful time learning how to ride a horse.
I was excited to be going on my first hunt with my dad. I followed each step as we walked through the snow. My heart was pounding so fast as we waited for a deer. I started to fall asleep, when my dad whispered a deer. With a bang I got my first deer and a great experience with my dad.
Jane cooked a bit dinner for her family. Before anybody ate the dog ran into the kitchen. It destroyed most all the food. Jane's family felt bad and took her out to dinner. She appreciated the sentiment.
Brody fell off his bike. He broke his leg. It hurt really bad. His friends got him to the hospital. A doctor fixed him up.
Matthew had just finished high school. He wanted to do something big with his summer but he felt lost. Then he saw a post online about a cool historical sight in France. He decided to go and check the sight out. He ended up spending all summer travelling and learning new things.
Beth was riding her bike at the park near her house. The path wound into the woods all around the park. While riding a family of iguanas darted onto the path. Beth quickly stopped the bike so she didn't hit them. The mother and her babies looked up then continued on their way.
Gina had just arrived home after school one cold afternoon. Once again, she  couldn't find her key. This was 2nd time she lost it this school year. This time she went through a basement window and unlocked the door. She wasn't interested in waiting outside in the cold for her parents.
Maxine has always dreamed of being on her school's volleyball team. Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike. However, she persists in following her dream. Maxine practices every day and becomes to volleyball team captain. She is so happy that her dream of playing volleyball has come true.
Tom had not had much to eat since he crossed to Mexico. He dashed to the ATM which read "cajero" to withdrawal money. Unfortunately it had been a bank holiday, so Tom's check didn't clear. As his stomach rumbled he sighed walking by a cafe. A woman saw him and knew he was hungry, offering free food for work.
Amber was tired of her job in retail. Too many whining customers, and problems with coworkers. She looked at an ad on craigslist, and found a data entry job. She spent a couple hours working on her resume and applied. The very next day she got a call back for an interview!
We had pizza for dinner tonight. My wife likes the local pizza place down the street. They deliver, but she did not want to wait. She picked up a large half pepperoni pizza. My sister in law joined us as well.
It's sort of odd how I became the gangster's bodyguard. I was shopping in the supermarket for avocados. I made some random remark about Italian cuisine. The gangster laughed and told me I was funny. Now he expects me to take a bullet for him.
Tom's girlfriend was into pop music. He was into metal. He convinced her to go to a show with him. She was a bit scared at first. Eventually she had fun.
Gina saw her brother at recess. He was playing with her crush Jamie's brother. She wondered if he had found out why Jamie was at school. She tried to stop her brother to ask him. But the boy only ran away.
Tom was a college athlete. Tom loved his long hair. Tom was playing one day and someone grabbed his hair hard. Tom felt pain. Tom decided to only play sports when wearing a ponytail.
Anne was heading home from the bar one night. She was a little tipsy, so she was swerving. A policeman saw her and pulled her over. He breathalyzed Anne and put her in jail. She spent the night there, unhappy.
Struggling with my depression, I felt the need to seek out help. As I sat in the doctor's office I wondered why I was even here. He explained what I was going through was normal. Overcome with relief, I started therapy right away. With a renewed sense of self, I enrolled in an art class.
Tom had a new pair of pants. They barely fit him. His wife washed them by accident. Tom knew they would no longer fit. He didn't get to wear them again for a long time.
I liked scarves. I looked for ones on sale. I luckily got one for ten dollars. I could not believe it. I wore it every day.
Jerry had a light form of autism. He found it very difficult to connect with his father. Since his father smoked a tobacco pipe Jerry started collecting them. His father was very happy to help him add to his collection. The two finally had something they could bond over.
Zeke was getting older. One day he noticed it was hard to breath. He started having bad chest pains. His wife rushed him to the hospital. He suffered a mild heart attack.
Ally made a pot of pudding. She ate a small bowl, then set the pot aside. When she came back, the pot was empty. She realized the cat had gotten into the pot. She remembered to cover the pot the next time she made pudding.
Joan said there was a bad storm where she lives. They got a lot snow. The power was knocked out for hours. Luckily, there was little damage. Everyone was okay.
Tim was going to the bar with friends. They asked for his ID to get in. The bartender noticed it was expired. Tim wasn't allowed to go in. He had to go home and get it replaced.
Jake's favorite sport was basketball. He played on the school team in the 4th, 5th, and 6th grade. Yesterday, he looked through his dad's old basketball trading cards. Jake was surprised when his dad's name was on the card. Jake's dad had his own basketball card when he was a professional.
On the way to work this morning, I stepped in a pile of dog poo. The pile was placed on my porch by my neighbor. There was a note with it that said to keep my dog out of her yard. I don't have a dog and I've never had a dog. Now I've got to figure out the best way to get back at her for this.
Johnny was a good man to Anita, but she didn't like him. They argued when she tried to break up with him. She called the police, but Johnny didn't leave. Anita told Johnny he was a liar and a cheater in front of the cops. Johnny punched Annita in her nose right in front of the cops.
Bill was a member of a band. He played the drums. His neighbor did not appreciate his drum playing. They got in fights constantly about his music. Bill ended up moving to a new apartment.
Robbie struggled to hold his pencil correctly. His first grade teacher was always pestering him about it. He was getting so frustrated he didn't want to go to school. Then his mother found him a special pencil grip attachment. Robbie, his teacher, and his mother were all thrilled when it worked!
Chuck loved to hunt, and his son was interested too. Chuck eventually took his son out on a hunting trip. Chuck had to teach his son the value of patience when hunting. They waited for hours, and eventually shot a big buck. They took a picture with the buck and cherished the memory forever.
This was the last thing Bill ever expected. Here he was standing in the unemployment line. He worked over 20 years with the same company. Then he was downsized and without a job. He hoped his benefits would see him through until he found a job.
Bob had a lot of outdoor conduit. Animals had used them as a place for droppings for years. Bob wanted to take them with him when he moved. He hosed down the conduit as best as he could. When he was done, Bob thought they were safe to handle.
I wanted to become a taxi driver. My parents disapproved because I had a degree. But, I quit my job regardless and became a taxi driver. Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up. I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job.
Georgia was expecting a baby any day. Finally, she went into labor and rushed to the hospital. Things were going alright but suddenly there was a problem. The baby was in distress and needed to come out quickly. Luckily he got out safely and was perfectly healthy.
There was a serial killer on the loose in New Orleans. Detective Brown was determined to find him. He swept the streets and asked every person he saw. Soon, he had a suspect and brought him to the station. The suspect confessed and the killer was finally caught.
Heather was on a trip through Texas and stayed at a hotel. In the morning, she checked out the continental breakfast. One of the options was fresh waffles. She poured some batter into the press and waited for it to cook. When it came out, the waffle was shaped like Texas.
Ben decided to quit smoking. He went from cigarettes to e-cigarettes. Then he read a report that said e-cigs were no healthier at all! Ben was disappointed and disillusioned. He was so dejected, he went back to smoking regular cigarettes.
He said he wished he never met me. He then said he was going to leave me. I believed him and started to cry. He said he made it up and didn't mean it. He said he would never do what he said.
Eddie is driving his new sports car down the road. He is going to pick up his three kids from his house. He gets a call from his wife Jamie. He looks down to accept the call. He is crushed by a head on collision with a Semi Truck.
I received my report card. I had a failing grade on the report card. Alas, I needed my parents signature on the card. I decided to forge the signature to avoid getting grounded. Alas, my teacher found out and told my parents.
Ariel saw a violin concerto on television. She thought it was beautiful. She asked her mom to sign her up for violin lessons. Her mom agreed and Ariel went to lessons, but she was disappointed. She found that playing violin was much harder than she'd thought.
Dan hired a local DJ for his daughter's graduation party. Dan saw that the DJ had arrived on time, and began setting up. However, after setting up, Dan noticed the DJ was missing. After searching, Dan saw the DJ getting song request from the guests. Dan was glad to know that the DJ was not missing.
John woke up in the morning one day looked in the mirror. He was extremely unhappy with what he saw. Ever since the breakup, he had put on over 50 pounds. John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life. Just over a year later, he won a prestigious fitness competition.
Jenny was driving on the highway. Suddenly, a deer jumped out. She turned and hit the median. Luckily, the car stopped and it wasn't too bad. Her shoulders hurt all week, though.
Scott has felt increasingly unhappy in his last few Year's in New York. He decides he wants to move back home. His parents begrudgingly allow him to move into the basement. Scott packs up his things and sublets his tiny apartment. Driving out of New York, Scott feels both relieved and nostalgic.
Felix bought a sword to put on his wall as decoration. But when a thief came in his house, he took it to defend himself. He threatened the thief as if he knew what he was doing. The thief panicked and left. And Felix was relieved as he didn't know how to use a sword.
Daniel rehearsed his speech one last time. He climbed the few steps to the podium. He started talking in front of his audience. Only two people were present in the room. Both were sleeping, so he left the podium silently.
Beth called Dan and asked if they can meet up somewhere. He agreed to meet up at the coffee house. Since she had a crush on him, she was excited and came early. He did not show up and rejected all of her calls. Although Beth was confused, she broke down in tears.
Tabitha was a teenager. One night, she decided to smoke a cigarette in her bedroom. Later, her mom saw some ashes on the floor. Tabitha lied and said that it was charcoal art supplies. Her mom was suspicious but accepted this.
Brie was named after a cheese. Yet she hesitated to try it. Finally she gave her namesake a nibble. But she was in for a shock. Brie ended up loving brie cheese!
Susie went to the playground last night. It took her a while to get there. While she was walking she encountered another friend. The friend was also going to the playground. They went together.
I bought pork chops from the butcher to make dinner. I didn't cook them for two days, and they became discolored. I saw a few grey areas but convinced myself they'd be okay. My husband and I ate dinner and winced at the funky, sour chops. Next time, I'll cook them on the same day or freeze them.
Diana was walking across the sidewalk. She slipped on a crack that was on one of the concrete tiles. She fell on the ground and her belongings got scattered. They well inside a sewer cage. The water under the well carried it away.
Jay loved race cars. He also loved to watch them race, on TV. Next week the race car championships were on TV. He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him. They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together.
Gina has a painful toothache. She goes to see the dentist. The dentist discovers the tooth is infected. He advises the tooth needs to be pulled. Gina agrees to have the tooth pulled.
Rickay hated cheese. If it had been touched by cheese she would know. She would start gagging at the smell of it. The Mexican restaurant didn't take her warning serious enough. It took one bite for her to throw up everywhere from the burrito.
Mohammad refrained from eating pork for religious reasons. He was invited to attend a southern style barbeque. The meats being barbequed were all pork. Most of the side dishes contained pork products as well. Mohammad left the barbeque still very hungry.
Fred always loved eating pork and beans. His doctor told him he needs to eat more vegetables. One day Fred forced himself to eat an entire salad. It was gross. The next day Fred was back to eating pork and beans.
Kay didn't enjoy raking leaves in the fall. She would often hire other people to do it. Sometimes she let the leaves just pile up. But one day she decided to start raking them herself. It was a good therapy release for her after a hard day's work.
Alicia looked at her house. Her house was full of dust. She couldn't believe how filthy it was. Alicia then decided to clean it. When she was done cleaning and it sparkled.
Claire wanted to stop having a monotonous boring life. She attempted to learn a new language but that wasn't enough. She took up cooking lessons but she was not satisfied. She took up yoga but that was not for her. She took up karate, and realized she was that kind of person.
Tom stayed up late. He had to go to work early in the morning. He had a hard time getting up. Tom decided to take a cold shower. It woke him up in the worst way possible.
John found a classic book at the library. He took it out. He then pretended to have lost it and paid a small fee. The value of the book was much greater. John sold it on Ebay for great profit.
Jack went to his first day of highschool. He was very nervous before he walked in the door. He ended up having a panic attack when he walked in. He went straight to the nurse. The nurse gave him a slip to go home.
Thomas always returned his library books on time. One day, he was going to a doctor's appointment. Thomas decided to bring a book to pass time. Thomas put the book on the roof of his car, and accidently drove away. Thomas had to pay a library fine.
Winston was going on a vacation to Mexico. He was going to stay for a few weeks. Before he left he took basic Spanish classes. He learned some great travel Spanish phrases. He was able to get along really well in Mexico.
Helen was having trouble getting her computer to start. She tried pressing the ON button several times. Helen tried pushing keys and moving the mouse. She finally looked at the power cord. Helen realized the computer wasn't plugged in.
The park ranger was eager to find the alligator that'd been spotted. It was seen lurking around the neighborhood. The ranger set some traps and patrolled often. After a week of that, the gator was finally caught. The ranger released him in a more remote area.
Anne was always anxious about something small, insignificant or both. She would dread to go to school for this anxiety that she had. She would be excited to get home just to be alone without a bother. One day the doctor gave her anti-anxiety pills and her ailment gone. She now had the courage to do most anything and she was happy.
Star was a healthy 30-year-old black woman. When she got sick, everyone thought it would past. After one week of being sick, Star drove herself to a hospital. She told one friend she was going to the hospital. That evening, Star's friend went to the hospital and found Star dead.
Joe is a sophomore in biochemistry. Right now he's taking organic chemistry. He had been studying all day and night for his exam. When he got it back, he had gotten into the A range. His professor personally congratulated him.
For Christmas last year I made my house look great. I out a lot of effort into my tree to make it nice. I hung beads and lights around it. I also put fairies around the house. Everything looked great.
Sara wanted to have a good night sleep. She decided one of the best ways to do that was with clean blankets. She took all the blankets from her bed and washed them. She then put them on the bed fresh from the dryer. She then crawled into bed and got a good night sleep.
Ben was celebrating his birthday. He invited his friends over to party. They all watched movies. Then they ate cake and sang to him. He was so happy to be fourteen!
Joe had never played horseshoes before. He was at a party where some kids were playing. They explained the rules to him. He threw his first horseshoe and totally missed. Then on his next he got a ringer!
Billy's best friend was Lou. Lou had gotten into an accident. Lou was in the hospital recovering. Billy visited Lou in the hospital. Lou smiled when he saw his friend.
Jeff blew up a cherry bomb in the boy's bathroom at school. He was able to get away without being caught. The cherry bomb ruined some of the pipework. The school had to call a plumber. The school was closed while repairs were underway.
Maria wanted to learn to paint. She signed up for a class. She attended the class diligently. By the end of the class, she wasn't as good as she wanted to be. She vowed to practice even more, every single day.
John and Nancy were going to the movies. John wanted to see the new action movie that was playing. Nancy wanted to see a love story she had heard about. They couldn't agree on what to see. They compromised and saw the new comedy they both thought looked good.
A woman came in the deli yesterday and ordered a cake. When she came to pick it up today, she started crying. I asked her what was wrong and she said the cake was wrong. She wanted it just like the cake in the display, which is faded. I explained to her the cake had been there for a month.
Chantal had never been to New York City. She decide to visit the city for two weeks. While she was in NY her cell phone was stolen. She was very upset about this. She decided that it was time to end her vacation early.
Franks was running down the street. I noticed he had something hanging from his nose. I stopped him and asked him what was in his nose. He pulled out the object and showed me it was GI Joe. Then he just put the GI Joe back in his nose and ran off.
Bill wanted to be an actor so he auditioned for a local play. He was very nervous that he had done a bad job. When the cast list finally came out, he rushed over to see the results He had been cast as the lead! Bill knew it was going to be hard, but he was ready for his big break.
Amy was walking in the park when a leaf landed at her feet. She was surprised since it was warm enough not to wear sleeves. She then remembered it was in fact the middle of October. As Amy held the leaf she thought of how much she loved fall. Even though she loved fall she was sad to see summer go.
Jimmy had one job, to destroy the barracks. Everyone pleaded with him to do it. Alas, Jimmy was hardheaded, and would not listen. Instead of destroying the barracks, Jimmy went to the jungle. Jimmy was fired for insubordination.
My teacher gave us a syllabus. I reviewed it. Since i found out that I needed supplies, I went to the bookstore. The cashier scanned my items. She said that I owe 132 dollars.
Jim was feeling a bit tired. He only got 2 hours of sleep last night. He fell asleep while on the job. His manager scolded him for his bad performance. Jim promised to his manager that he would not sleep again.
Gina and her friends had been waiting on the librarian to return. But now they thought maybe she was gone for the day. The girls thought maybe it was time to return to class. Just then a teacher came around the corner and saw them. The girls knew they were in trouble from the look on her face.
Jack reached his ninetieth birthday last week. Jack had never seen the ocean, but spent ninety years hoping to do so. He made many sacrifices for his family and was never able to go. For his ninetieth birthday, his family took him to the Florida coast. Upon finally seeing the ocean, Jack shed a tear of amazement and joy.
Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park. Martin was afraid of heights. Martin agreed to go on any ride except for the roller coaster. Jim offered Martin $50 if he would ride the roller coaster with him. Martin enjoyed the ride so much he rode it 10 times that day.
Jon suddenly remembered he'd left a shovel outside. He rushed out into the hard sleet rain wearing only his pajamas. The cold and wet blasted through them and made him shiver violently. He spotted where he had left the shovel. Jon scooped it up and raced back inside where it was warm and dry.
Henrietta started a blogging website. She wanted to use pay-per-click ads to make money on it. The ads paid out at an obscenely low rate when clicked. She concluded she would need thousands of visitors per hour, minimum. She pulled the ads and focused on the site as a hobby project instead.
Jim was having three friends over for the game. Jim decided to order two pizzas for him and his guests. More people showed up than Jim had anticipated. There wasn't enough pizza. Jim called and ordered more pizza.
Amy stayed out all night with her best friend at the bar. She felt horrible when she woke up the next day. She called into work saying she was sick. Her boss understood. Amy didn't feel guilty and had a nice day off.
I decided to start a business. I decided on a window cleaning business. I solicited deals with local businesses. Eventually, I made a name for myself. My business became one of the most successful in the city!
Zoe had ordered a new tablet. She had been waiting on it to arrive. When it got to her house, she was excited to open it. However, she noticed something strange about the box. When she opened it, her tablet was not in it.
Larry had always wanted to learn how to speak Italian. He decided to enroll in an Italian course at the local university. Larry studied hard every day. Finally he was fluent in Italian. Larry felt proud that he could speak Italian.
I got into a lot of financial trouble this month. I spent too much money at the casino. It was like I could not even stop gambling. I spent my whole rent check. I will never do that again.
Jane wanted real cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving. She decided to practice the week before. It took hours to make the sauce. It was a horrible mess. Jane went to Boston market and purchased cranberry sauce instead.
Tom had to urinate. Tom was in his living room. Tom left the living room and went to the restroom. Tom urinated and emptied his bladder. Tom felt better.
Susan was running late for work. She missed her train. She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it! The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first. Susan was late, but the act of kindness made her smile.
My son was looking for snacks. He opened up the pantry. He saw a box of goldfish. He could not reach the goldfish. I got the goldfish for him.
Jessica has an English Exam in the morning. She has been studying for weeks. She knew she was going to do well. When she got to class she got ready. Then the teacher postponed the exam and Jessica was furious.
Gerard was a heavy drinker. There wasn't one drink he tried that knocked him down. His friend Paul took him to a bar one day to remedy that. He gave him some absinthe to drink. Gerard passed out after one drink.
As I child, I liked to dig holes. I enlisted the help of my sister to dig in a sandbox. We made it through the sand and dug into the muddy dirt. We got in trouble for harming the playground area. We continued digging in more covert locations after that.
Rosie was very clumsy and lacked balance and grace. Her mom decided to put her in ballet. As she learned more moves, her balance got much better. Soon, her clumsiness was gone and she could balance on one foot. She was so happy, she decided to take up tap dancing too.
There was a big storm in Maria's area. Maria lost power at her house. Her stove was electric. She wasn't able to cook. Maria ate cold leftovers for lunch.
Josh was excited to get a new car. He drove all over the city, to places he'd never driven before. A carjacker noticed Josh's new car. He hijacked the vehicle using a gun and threats. Josh was so frightened, he crashed the brand new car.
The man entered a contest. He was picked as a winner. He shared the prize with friends. His friends donated their share to charity. The man felt like a winner in his soul.
Tom's apartment building had an old elevator. It was very slow. Tom decided to take the stairs instead. Over time Tom noticed he was getting in better shape. Eventually he could get upstairs faster than the elevator.
The school got a huge donation. They bought a new scoreboard with it. They were so excited to see it late at night, all lit up. On the first game day, the home team ran up the score. It was great to see the score up on the new board!
Today Anne learned how to brush her teeth by herself. She went in big circles all around. She was so excited. Her parents went out that night so she could try it on her own. She was glad she had the new found independence.
Brittany loved to dance. She tried out for the high school cheerleading squad. All of the cheerleaders laughed at her. Brittany practiced all year long after that. Now Brittany is the captain of the squad.
Lola bought a burrito. She unwrapped the burrito carefully. Before she could take a bite a bird pooped on the burrito. She wrapped up the burrito carefully. She threw the burrito into the garbage.
A bank manager stood in his office reading reports. He became so bored with his work that he yawned. He stood up from his desk to get a break from his work. He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank. When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk.
John had never been to Hawaii before. When he came out of the plane the rush of hot wind surprised him. As he had fair skin, he lathered himself with sunblock. He even bought a straw hat to protect his head. But at the end of the day he was red as a lobster and burned.
Michael and Jeremy lost contact ever since middle school. One day Michael found Jeremy on Facebook and they reconnected. They both told stories about their lives since middle school. Michael decided that he did not want to lose connection with anyone. He went on Facebook to find more friends to reconnect with.
Amy and Jack wanted to visit California. They saved for their trip for a whole year. The time finally arrived for their trip. At the airport the discovered their flight was cancelled. Although they were a day late the still enjoyed their vacation.
Travis was planning to buy a new truck. But the one he wanted was too expensive. So he tried to wait until he had more money. But he became impatient and bought a small car. For years, Travis regret not waiting longer.
I was so hungry last night around 3 AM, and nothing was open. So I drove 15 miles to the nearest 24/7 supermarket and got groceries. On the way back I was munching on beef jerky and cupcakes. I went full fat mode and demolished 2 bags of beef jerky. Upon entering my house, I realized how I should have been asleep.
Greta had brought home all her college textbooks. She stored them in her parents' garage. Years later she finally had her own house. When she went to retrieve them, they all smelled of mildew! Greta was so sad to have to throw out all of her precious books.
I was at a party. A friend asked me to watch her two year old child for a minute. As soon as she left, her kid put her hand on a burning candle. She screamed as hot wax stuck to her hand. The mother rushed back, yelling at me.
When Jim sits down he hears a loud squawk from the couch cushion. When he gets up he realizes that he killed his friend's bird. The bird was a present for his friend's girlfriend Jane. Jim convinces his girlfriend to give up her Taylor Swift tickets. Jane says the tickets are the best present she has ever received.
Laura decided to host a tea party for her stuffed animals. She carefully set the table with her beautiful tea set. She placed each animal in a chair around the play table. She poured water into each animal's cup. It was fun, but she wished her real friends could come over.
One day Rochelle went to Times Square. First she shopped for a while. Then she got lunch. Finally she went back to her hotel. She had a great day.
Jasper needs to do some home improvement. He notices that he doesn't have a hammer at home. Jasper goes to the home goods store. He buys a hammer. Now Jasper is ready to start his home improvement work.
Harry moved to the UK 10 years ago. He was originally from Canada. Although he preferred Canada, he moved to be with his new wife. She was originally from the UK and had family there. He now thinks of the UK as his home.
Richard's son was performing in a talent show one night. Richard was late leaving work and needed to travel to the play. Richard became stuck in traffic with only a few minutes to spare. He pulled over into a parking lot and ran to his son's play. Luckily, he made it just in time and saw his kid's entire play.
Cass loved sweet potatoes. His mom would always make them for him. However, he could not cook them. He tried a recipe and they never came out right. Cass finally gave up.
Jaclyn was really unhappy with her body image. She had unfortunately gained a lot of weight during college. So Jaclyn made up her mind to start getting back in shape. She started eating healthy and exercising every day. Now Jaclyn is back to her pre-college weight and very happy.
I cleaned out my garage today. I was surprised to find boxes of old albums. They were from my teenage years. Going through them brought back so many memories. I boxed them back up and decided to keep them.
Tom wanted to go overseas. He found a cheap flight to Denmark. Tom figured he would go there on a whim. It was a surprisingly beautiful country. Tom liked everything he saw.
Tom was in a band. They had very few fans. They tried to hold a show. Half a dozen people showed up. Tom's band still played their heart out.
Lucy had a crush on a guy who worked at Blockbuster. She wanted to talk to him, but she was too shy. She worked up her courage to approach him. She asked for a movie suggestion. She rented Predator even though she didn't like action movies.
Tony took his friends to the arcade for his birthday. They played games for many hours. They stayed until they'd spent all their quarters. They walked home and talked about their favorite games. They agreed to save their money and go back next week.
Football season started. Fans started chatting more. Popular websites adjusted their ad plans. They focused them on football. Fans started consuming even more content.
Bob owned a fried chicken restaurant. He inherited it from his father. When Bob's father came to visit, he hated Bob's chicken. Bob was in despair because all he wanted was his father's approval. Bob gave up, selling the restaurant to drive a taxi instead.
There was a storm in Tom's neighborhood. It hit a power line. Tom thought the sparks were cool. He got a bit too close. Tom was electrocuted to death.
Tom was at home. He heard someone breaking in. Tom put on a mask and got his gun. The intruder freaked out and ran away. Tom called the police.
May was a rainy month. Ann hoped for June flowers, but the weather was so bad! She wondered if anything would blossom at all. But then the weather took a turn for the better. By the first of June her garden was bright and wild!
Tom had a two sided coin. He would go around making small bets with people. He would always make sure to win. Eventually people started to catch on. Nobody would bet Tom anymore.
Will had had enough of apartment living. Will started looking for a home to purchase. Will found the perfect house in a nearby neighborhood. Will signed on the dotted line only one week later. Will raised a beautiful family in that home.
Jane received a tablet for her birthday. Her brother dropped some books on it on accident. They had to send it back to the manufacturer. They were able to get a replacement because of insurance. Her brother promised to be more careful from now on.
Tia wanted whiter teeth. She couldn't afford professional bleaching. She decided to try a whitening toothpaste. After a few weeks of using one, she noticed an improvement. Tia was satisfied with her new, whiter smile.
Toby wanted to go on the school field trip. His grade was too low but his upcoming test could change that. All of his friends helped him to study. Then, he took the test. Luckily, when the results were posted he saw that he had passed.
Peter got home from a long day of work. He was starving. He wanted to try a new type of cuisine so he went out for sushi. Peter ordered three different type of sushi rolls. Afterwards, he decided he had found a new favorite cuisine.
She blamed me for everything that happened. She blamed me for stressing my father out, thinking that killed him. She blamed me for my grandfather's pedophilia. She blamed me for her own shortcomings in life. I wanted to walk away from her, but didn't have the strength.
Mahlon has ADHD and often fidgets and goofs off at school. Today Mahlon was sucking on the conical metal tip of a pen. Mahlon had the metal cone in his teeth and was blowing in and out. Mahlon was making an annoying whistling sound with the pen tip. Mahlon didn't stop until he inhaled too hard and almost swallowed it.
John and his girlfriend of two years had broken up. To help get his mind off it, he took his dog to the dog park. He sat down on a bench after he unhooked his dog to go play. While he was there a very pretty girl started talking to him. He enjoyed himself so much he asked her out and she said yes!
Matt started a new job just this Monday. He's very frustrated with the lack of communication from his boss. He is trying to take initiative to improve his performance but can't. His boss takes an early lunch and doesn't return until 4pm. Matt prepares to report her to HR.
James's recliner had finally given out on him. He could no longer recline back in it without it messing up. He went to the furniture store and looked around. At the store he found the perfect brown recliner. He took it home and now has a new recliner.
Anne came home with some bad news. She had gotten a D on her report card. Her mom took the report card and shook her head. She told Anne that she was smarter than that. Anne agreed and decided to try harder in school
James was feeling depressed. He had been applying to jobs everywhere. He did not hear back from anybody. James went to a temp agency for help. The temp agency was able to find him a job within a few days.
Nancy tried to get some lunch before her next class starts. Although she had the opportunity to eat, she caught a stomach ache. It gave her a lot of pain to the extent where she can barely walk. Instead of going to her class, she tried to call her mom. Her mom got out of work to pick her up.
I was sitting in detention. I decided to talk to my friend behind me. The teacher got angry because I was talking. She gave me another week of detention. I learned that I needed to stay completely silent during detention.
Elena took her keys out. She opened the door and walked inside. She felt strange when she saw a pair of lingerie on her couch. Elena's husband came out of his room with another lady. He quickly tried to make an excuse for why she's there.
My girlfriend worked 20 miles away. When she got home it was dark. She was afraid of walking through bad neighborhoods. I decided I would simply pick her up from work. Now she wasn't afraid of going home anymore.
Frank had a craving for tacos. So he went too the store and got ingredients for tacos. He went home. He made his tacos . They were delicious.
Miles is really interested in robotics. He decided to join his school's robotics club. Since he never shared his hobby with his peers before, he was nervous. He spent a day with them over the weekend. He realized he has much more fun sharing his hobby with others.
Sarah was in the first grade when she began to dislike boys. During that year she was held face down in the snow by a boy bully. Through the Year's following she was teased a lot by boys. She began to think all boys were rude and mean. Not anymore, because now she teaches her son how not to be a rude boy.
I woke up to find a strange email. It was from a stranger. It foretold that I was going to get into an accident. I ignored it, thinking it was a fake letter. I spent the rest of the day worrying for nothing.
Dan was talking to his high school science teacher. He was asking him about a recent article when Angela sat near them. Dan immediately got distracted staring at her. It was twenty seconds before he realized the teacher had gone quiet. The science teacher smiled at him knowingly.
Lisa loved gymnastics. The balance beam was her favorite event. She practiced her turns and flips. In the competition, she got a perfect score on the beam. Her teammates were all so happy!
Susan loved to ski. Susan planned her next skiing vacation for the winter. On her skiing vacation, Susan planned to challenge herself. Susan decided to try the masters course. Susan skied well, conquering the masters course.
Todd was busy watching the news. All of a sudden, he heard a loud crash outside. A car had struck a tree in his front yard. Todd rushed outside to help the person in the car. Luckily, the other person was unhurt from the accident.
Abe had never cooked for himself before. When he went camping with his scout troop he was nervous. Would have have to cook his own food? He did, but it wasn't hard. They roasted hot dogs over an open fire.
Jay and his girlfriend drank. They got too drunk. His girlfriends mother saw them. She called the cops. The cops knew everything was fine and left.
It was Penny's birthday. She received a lot of gifts. Her favorite was a gold coffee mug. She used the mug every day. She felt special and loved when she looked at it.
John liked to sing. He would perform at his local bar. One day a famous producer heard him. He was impressed with John's talent. He asked John to meet with him to discuss further opportunities.
Tracy felt like her house was dirty. She wanted to deep clean it all day. SHe picked up a new cleaner and gave it a try. It smelled great and did a good job cleaning. Tracy was relieved that her house was now clean.
I woke up in the middle of the night. I was thirsty. I went to go get a glass of water without turning on the lights. I stepped on my dog in the hallway! I learned that I should always turn on the lights at night.
Susan was a teacher. She had been thinking about retiring. Susan had a horrible class one year. She realized she didn't want to teach anymore. Susan finally retired.
Robert is a guy who enjoys tinkering with computers. He takes them apart to see how they are assemble. Robert's friend Julio asked if he could fix a problem with his laptop. Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge. Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference.
Ashley and Jessica met at the gym bright and early. Ashley led the cardio session, and Jessica followed. Jessica led the strength training session. The girls stretched at the end of their workout. They set a date for their next session before they left.
One day, Tim was feeling very unwell. His throat hurt very much. His doctor decided Tim must have an operation on his tonsils. Tim was scared, but the nurses made him feel better. After surgery, Tim got all the ice cream he wanted.
Neil drove his car to work every day. One morning he almost was hit by another car. Neil honked his horn to warn the other driver. He swerved to get out of the way. Neil successfully avoided an accident.
Kim went to a shoe store. And she tried on several pairs of shoes. She narrowed her choices down to three different pairs. But after an hour, she could not decide which one to buy. Kim ended up purchasing nothing.
Gina was going to turn on a side street to escape traffic. The cars were backed up for blocks back to back. If she turned right she would have to fight to get back on the street. The street to the left was empty. Gina decided she would turn left to escape the traffic.
Once upon a time there lived a man. He was alone, and cold, in a rundown apartment complex. Suddenly, there was a loud sound. He was scared because he was all alone and startled. He was relieved when it was just a stray cat making a lot of noise.
I love to build model cars. My friend asked me to build him one. I forgot about it for almost a week. My friend reminded me on the phone. I felt bad and finished it in one day.
Billy posted several videos online before sleeping. When he woke up, he had a personal message in his inbox. The owner of a record label wanted to give him a deal as an artist. He became extremely excited to meet up with the person. He offered Billy a multi-million deal.
My mother gave my son a pumpkin to carve on Halloween. He never did carve it. It is still sitting in my kitchen. I can't use it to bake with because it isn't a pie pumpkin. I am going to use it for a great Thanksgiving table decoration.
Gabby was always a physically affectionate person. She loved giving hugs and snuggling on the couch with mom and dad. She also loved snuggling with friends while watching scary movies. One day she found a snuggle that trumped all rest. The snuggle of her newborn baby, for her was the best.
Eric's weakest subject was math. He heard people tell him that it's math that makes men successful. So his mother enrolled him in the Sylvan Learning Center. The manager of the learning center asked Eric to model on a brochure. Eric was paid twenty thousand dollars, math made him successful.
Bill and Ted were very competitive friends. Each thought he was the best at thumb wrestling. They planned a championship game and invited friends. Friends drank beer and watched the epic night. After 10 minutes, Ted won, breaking Bill's thumb.
Oswald decided to drive to the store. He pulled out of his driveway and sped down the road. A policeman pulled him over. He gave Oswald a ticket for reckless driving. Oswald decided to never drive to the store again.
Fred had never wanted to eat peas. His girlfriend Sarah tried to convince him to eat peas. Finally Fred agreed to try a pea. Sarah made a delicious dish of peas for Fred. He took a bite and spit it out.
Jani was stuck in bed with a fever for a few days. Since feeling better, she's been anxious to exercise again. She cannot stay still for that long. Jani eased into some pilates. She could tell she wasn't one hundred percent yet.
Kyle wasn't feeling too well. His stomach was upset and he was nauseated. The doctor said he had a virus and it had to pass. Kyle stayed at home sick for two days. On the third day, the virus was gone and he was feeling much better.
Adil was thirty-six and single. His family and friends urged him to find a wife and settle down. Adil searched a few dating websites for a girlfriend and found one. After dating for six months, Adil married his girlfriend. A year later they realized they had nothing in common and separated.
Mary's brother Rob hit Lucy in the face with a baseball. Rob hadn't meant to hit Lucy. Lucy was crying and holding her face. Rob was afraid he really hurt her. She removed her hand and they could see her eye was swollen.
Our teacher warned us not to talk in class. Without remembering, I answered a question for my friend. The teacher noticed. As a result, he didn't allow me to go to recess. I had to sit-out while everyone else enjoyed themselves.
Ben loved to play computer games whenever he can. One day Ben got a job to build computers. After a while he became very tired of working with computers so much. It made him not want to play on the computer in his free time anymore. Now Ben exercises at the gym in his free time.
Ken moved into a new apartment. It was near a busy street. The sounds kept Ken up most nights. He decided to buy some ear plugs. Ken was more easily able to sleep.
Sam was afraid of planes. Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland. Sam was willing to fly to go there. Sam was scared the whole ride. When he finally landed he kissed the safe ground.
Reginald eats spaghetti at home every night. One night he decides he needs something to make his spaghetti special. He cooks a small batch of homemade meatballs. Reginald loves the taste of his meatballs! He decides to meatballs more often with spaghetti.
Bell loved to read. She would visit her local library every day. The librarian was on a first-name basis with her. Bell asked the librarian if any new books had come in that day. The librarian smiled and took out a handful of books from her desk.
Reid was walking in a field when he saw a bunny. He got his dog to chase after the bunny. The dog ran fast and caught up to the poor rabbit. Instead of killing it, the dog licked the bunny playfully. Reid decided to keep the bunny as a pet instead.
Rick was failing classes necessary to graduate. He tried very hard but couldn't grasp important concepts. His mother hired a recommended tutor to help Rick. Rick worked with the tutor, who helped him to grasp his schoolwork. Rick did well, and graduated in the top half of his class.
Keith signed up for the Air Force. He knew he was about to get drafted anyway. He was told that only one out of ten people would get their wings. He was one of the best pilots in World War II. He got to stay in the United States as a pilot trainer.
My wife wanted to email something personal to her coworker. She did not want to use the company email. She searched his files and could not find it. She remembered he sent her an email selling girl scout cookies. She was able to send him a personal email.
Nikki just got a bike without training wheels. She wanted to learn how to ride it and asked her mom to help. Her mom told her the secret to riding a bike is to be confidant. So she believed in herself when she got on the bike and peddled. Having confidence worked, she rode her bike without training wheels.
Jessica woke up and looked out her window. All she could she was a wonderful blanket of white snow. She got up, got dressed, and ran outside. Jessica had so much fun sledding and making snow angels. She can't wait to get up and do it again tomorrow.
The government built a new underground storage facility. They installed huge safety doors. The safety doors got stuck. They rammed the doors with trucks. The doors would not budge.
Drew is a football player and needs to improve his speed. He runs all the time but it doesn't seem to work. His trainer told him to try jump roping every morning. He jumped rope every morning for a month. Both him and the coaches noticed that his speed increased!
My 14 year old nephew got caught shoplifting. He was caught by supermarket security. His father was deceased and his mother was at bingo. I went to the store to get him. Security did not press charges but banned him from the store.
Last week I went rappelling with my friends. At the top of the cliff I was harnessed and ready to go. I held onto the rope with fear. I was afraid I would get hurt. However thankfully i repelled safely.
My husband and I went on a cruise for our honeymoon. We traveled to four different islands, they were so beautiful! When we went to Honduras, I was amazed at how poor the people were. There were children selling homemade necklaces on the beach. I bought at least 10 necklaces, hoping to help them eat some food.
She still ate fast food. She made choices that had low calories. She picked a kid's meal most of the time. She ate half and gave the rest to the dog. She started feeling very weak.
I had a hard time remembering names. It plagued me my entire life. I decided that I would make a big change. Whenever I met someone, I made a rhyme with their name. I never forgot anyone's name again.
Joe went out to eat. He ordered breakfast and a glass of milk. However, his waitress brought him orange juice. Instead of complaining, Joe drank the orange juice anyway. When Joe got ready to leave, his server saw the mistake and felt awful.
My friends and I went to a new restaurant to get food. We ordered the french fries. We found dead ants in the french fries. The manager came over and apologized. He gave us the rest of the food for free.
We were going on vacation. We got a really late start. As soon as we hit the highway we ran into construction. The drive took twice as long as we expected. I was exhausted by the time we reached our hotel.
Gina wanted her brother's room when he left. Her parents had set it up as a family room. One day she came home and the family room was moved. It was now near the laundry room. Gina was hopeful she would be getting the empty room.
Ed wanted to paint his house blue. But Sarah wanted it white. They argued for a little while. Then they compromised. They painted the house white with blue shutters!
Marco really wanted a new puppy. He asked his mom and dad for one, and they said yes! They all went to the adoption center to choose a dog. There, a husky licked Marco's face and loved to play with the ball! They took the husky home and named him Albert.
Bob went fishing. He caught a salmon. He took it home and butchered it. He made a poached salmon filet for dinner. He found it delicious.
It was a hot day. So Kim put a frozen water bottle in her backpack. Later in the day, she felt a damp spot on the back pack. In class, she noticed that all of her papers became wet. Kim got in trouble because her homework was wet.
Natalie was wondering around at night. The police stopped her thinking she was on drugs. She muttered some gibberish and kept walking. The police detained her. She spent the night in the jail and woke up with a hangover.
Emma needed to write a report on Killer Whales. She went to the library. While at the library, she learned Killer Whales are Orca Whales. She wrote that in her essay. Her teacher gave her an A.
Timmy's grandfather took him fishing for the first time. Timmy really wanted to catch a fish. His grandfather took him to the best fishing hole in the area. Timmy cast in his line, and a fish took the bait. Timmy caught a fish on the first try, and was happy.
Tanya had been training her whole life for this. She was a great runner and knew she was prepared. The starting gun fired and she was off like a flash. She sped around the track like a blur. She crossed the finished line in first place.
When I was a little girl, I always wore cute hair clips. They were multiple colors, and came in shapes of little animals. I clipped them in my hair at the sides, just above my ears. I kept the clips so I could always have them. The clips stayed in my Caboodles kit for years.
Matt was spending his first Christmas with his new adoptive parents. On Christmas night he went to bed unhappy. He had seen that there were no presents under the tree. But the next morning, his eyes widened in shock. Santa had come in the night and left dozens of gifts!
Taylor is good a working with his hands. He decided to get a job in carpentry. He worked very hard and learned carpentry skills. Taylor decided to use his carpentry skills to start his own business. Taylor soon transitioned to work only on his business.
The boy got suspended from school. He liked the time off. He acted up again. He was hoping to get suspended. The boy got expelled.
Sam wanted to help his community. He decided to do volunteer work. He worked for meals on wheels. It made him feel good about himself. He kept doing it for months before moving on.
Max was scared of cleaning. He hated the dust he would find everywhere. One day at his job his manager told him to sweep. He purposely hid the broom so he wouldn't need to clean. Max was fired.
The man pulled up the carpet. There was moisture underneath. The underfloor had started to rot. The man told the owners about the damage. The owners asked the man to repair it.
Chad gave his keys to the car wash valet. The valet started the car washing process. Chad read a book for 20 minutes. The valet gave Chad back his keys. Chad found his cell phone in the car , dunked in his flat soda.
Ava was sixteen and entering the Junior Miss Maine pageant. She was nervous but hopeful. She aspired to be a model when she finished school. Ava was honored and thrilled to win the Junior Miss Maine crown! She almost cried as she accepted the honor.
Josh was the quarterback for his football team. During a big game, his team was down by six points. On the last play, a wide receiver got open in the end zone. Josh threw the ball but it went over the receiver's head. Josh felt bad for letting his team down.
Joe was playing blackjack. He bet 200 dollars. He thought he was going to win because he had a really good hand. However, the dealer had a better hand. Joe lost his 200 dollars.
Johnny was a punk rocker. He hated the government and wanted to have an uprising. He gathered people to protest and spread anarchy. They started burning the flag and throwing bricks. The cops shot them.
Jenny has been single for Years. She wants a boyfriend but she has very high standards. Finally a cute boy asks Jenna out on a date. They eat dinner at a romantic restaurant. Jenny thinks this date might be the end of her single life.
My brother got home from work. He was covered in dust from the day. He went upstairs to shower. It took him 30 minutes. He came back down cleaned up.
I wanted to win a cash prize for my art. I entered a photography contest. I bought a fancy camera. It took a long time to learn how to use it. I missed the deadline for the contest.
Christian notices that he is late to meet his friends. He fears that taking the subway will be too slow. He decides to take a taxi instead. He reaches his friends just in time. Christian is glad that he wasn't late.
I decided to go to a party. It was late at night and I was sleepy. I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party. The next day, I felt terrible. I learned that I should not go to parties late a night.
Reggie had a black pit bull named Brutus. Brutus was very sweet but very protective. Reggie was walking his dog one day and a man robbed him. Brutus jumped at the robber and scared him away. Reggie gave his pet a wonderful meal as a reward.
Gina decided to walk home from school. She needed to be alone to think. She had to give her mom bad news. Her teacher took her $400 cell phone from her. Gina knew she was in deep trouble.
Jacob loves candy. His Mom had to monitor his candy intake since he was a kid. When Jacob went off to college he had no one to stop his candy habit. Jacob ate candy everyday his first semester of college. When he went to his family dentist on break he had five cavities.
Lawrence loved the game of baseball. He loved to play it day and night. He decided one day he was going to try out for the local team. He arrived at the park and put on a clinic. He made it on the team as the star player.
Gene grew up on a family farm. His father got very sick and passed away. The farm was left to Gene after his father died. He decided to take care of the farm. Gene struggled and eventually had to sell.
I had just been accepted to a new job. The job required travel. But, I didn't want to use my own car. I told my boss that I would like a company car. She gave me a Jaguar!
It was Ben's first time at the casino. He did not know how to play the dice game he saw. Ben asked the worker how to play the game. The worker told Ben to get lost until he learned. Ben left in a huff to find another game.
I threw the softball towards my cousin. He was able to hit the ball however, it hit a bee's nest. Several bees came out of the nest. They were flying towards us. We ended up walking inside of our house and they flew away.
Bea loved the environment and wanted to do something to help. She asked her friends what could be done at her school. She and her friends decided to start a recycling campaign. They set up recycling stations in the school cafeteria. Bea was so happy to help out by starting the recycling efforts.
Joe loved his new pants. However they were too big. He always pulled them up when he walked. One day he bought a new belt. He never had trouble with his pants again.
Tom worked very hard. He supported his family. Tom wanted to relax more. He decided to put his feet up and enjoy television nightly. Tom felt more relaxed after regularly doing this.
Tom clogged his drain at his home. Tom was an environmentalist. Tom did not want to by Draino. Tom wanted to care for the environment. Tom eventually caved and bought Draino to solve the problem.
Gina's crush Jamie had smiled at her. It was the first time he had acknowledged her when not in a group. She sat her desk replaying the moment in her head. She couldn't focus on a thing the teacher was saying. She felt as if she were in the clouds.
Alex was at target with his mom. They were shopping for new towels. Alex wandered over to the dishes aisle. He spotted a Spider Man cereal bowl. He begged his mother to buy it until she gave in.
The school had a new administrator. They'd hired a principal. He was new in town but was eager to make an impact. He did great things at the school. The school board was happy with their selection.
Tom was having dinner with his wife. She started being mean to the waitress. Tom told her it wasn't right. His wife acknowledged she was being grumpy. She apologized to the waitress.
The Willcrest Annual Fall Dance was tonight. Linda was excited to go but didn't have anything to wear. She took a quick trip to the mall to find a dress. She found a pretty blue dress. Everyone said she was the prettiest girl at the dance.
The game was down to the last 20 minutes. Amy hadn't played at all. She sat on the bench sulking. She felt the coach had no faith in her. She clapped, watched and tried to keep the tears inside.
It's was Dan's first day on the job. He had wanted to be a cop his entire life. His second call was an armed suspect running from the police. They were close and decided to pursue the criminal. Eventually Dan caught up to him and arrested him.
A plane had too much cargo. It began to sink in the sky. They signaled for aid. The ground control told them to throw off packages. They threw off a lot.
Today I took my dog to the dog park. First we walked for 20 minutes to get there. Then I let him run around for half an hour. The other dogs ran around with him. Then we came home.
One day Savanna and her friends went kite flying. Savanna's kite got tangled. She needed help fixing it. Everyone thought it was funny. They had a good time that day.
Sam was the best dancer in his city. Sam dreamed of winning a regional contest. There was  an contest scheduled in a month. Sam practiced for this contest. Sam would go on to win the contest.
Caleb has spent many Years in Boston but never visited the Aquarium. He works long hours and has trouble finding spare time. One Sunday morning he decides he will visit the Aquarium. He spends the entire day learning about different types of fish. Caleb is very satisfied that he finally visited the Boston Aquarium.
Sara had a lot of time until her show came on. She played chess with a friend. She cleaned her room. She cooked dinner. Finally her show came on and she was happy for the rest of the day.
Jon loves women. His best friend is his sister. He has only hired women to work with him. He is happy when they all admire him. Unfortunately, the women can't fill the void he is hiding.
I wanted to eat some apples. So, I went to the store. I bought four red apples. Alas, when I got home I realized that two were rotten. I decided to never again shop at that store.
Gabe loved to glide around Brazil. He build tons of custom gliders in his garage. He decided to make a business out of his hobby. He opened a shack on a cliff selling gliders. Gabe hasn't had much success unfortunately.
Ron wanted to go on a vacation. But he didn't know where to go. He spent hours and hours browsing vacation websites. But he couldn't reach a decision. So he decided to rest at home.
Taylor went to the grocery store to buy some milk and eggs. While he was there he saw that cookies were on sale. He decided to get some cookies too. His wife was excited to eat the cookies when he got home. Later that night Taylor and his wife had milk and cookies.
It was always easy for Albert to make friends, he always smiled. One day on his bicycle, Albert went right over the handlebars. He broke his jaw and couldn't smile. He thought he'd never make friends without his smile, but he did. He found out it was more than his smile that made him friends.
Nate was doing terribly on a math test in high school. He was so nervous about this that he began to sweat. Nate decided he would cheat to improve his grade. But Nate just couldn't bring himself to cheat off another student. He turned in his exam, knowing he would fail but did the right thing.
Roger was an unsigned vocalist pursuing a music career. He mostly enjoyed rock music. One day he was offered a job singing for a country group. Roger wasn't so keen on singing country, but he took the job. Roger's band has sold millions of albums and he has never looked back.
Alice walked home from school. She heard tiny cries from the alley. Alice went into the alley and found a little kitten. She wrapped it in her coat to take home. When she got it home her mom let her keep it.
My grandmother turned off the air conditioner. She thought it was cold. It was almost 90 degrees. Everyone else was sweating. They turned on a fan.
Bella's dad puts her in time out when she is bad. He makes her stand in the corner. She also has to count to fifty. When she is done counting she can come out. Her dad hopes it will make her learn to behave.
Jessica took all the change out of her pockets. She then put the change into a big jar. She took the jar to the bank to make a deposit. The teller took the change from her and counted it. The whole jar was worth over $50.
Terry had a birthday and went to his favorite restaurant. He told the waiter it was his birthday. As a gift the waiter bought Terry a slice of cake. There were no candles so the waiter stuck matches in it. The waiter did not sing so Terry sang to himself.
Jessica was a hard working woman and a good wife. Tom was her husband. One day Tom surprised his wife. He left a trail of red rose petal leading to their bedroom. She appreciated the romantic gesture.
Mary was afraid of flying. Mary's sister invited her to attend her wedding in France. Mary decided her sister was worth facing her paralyzing fear. Mary's hands trembled as she boarded the plane. Mary's flight was peaceful all the way to the airport in Paris!
I was preparing food for an Easter potluck event. I prepared glazed bunny marshmallows. I added several sprinkles to it as well. When my friends tasted the food, they were amazed. They told me to make it again next year.
Jimmy didn't have much food for his family to eat. He decided to make food from whatever he had left in his cabinets. He made rice, beans, and ramen noodles. It fed the whole family. The family's belly's were full.
Ina really wanted a cute leather jacket. But it was way out her price range! She saved money for weeks, then found a 20% off coupon! She happily went and bought the jacket. She loved it even more because she had had to wait for it!
Jeff decides that it would be a good day to go hunting. He went into the woods with his gun. He saw a deer and shot it. He carried the deer home. Jeff and his family ate the deer that night.
Gina's friend Drea was so angry she hung up on her. Gina caller back she didn't answer. After a week Gina called Drea again. She still didn't answer. Gina realized their friendship was over.
I once owned two german shepherd dogs. They were brother and sister. They spent their whole lives together. One day the boy dog died. His sister was very depressed for a long time after that.
Linda applied for a new job. Today she was supposed to have an phone interview. She sat in her room waiting. They finally called. It did not go very well.
Jerry was making toast. He set it to medium. When the toast came out it was completely burnt. He tried other settings with no better results. Eventually Jerry bought a new toaster.
After Ben turned in his exam, he was furious. He didn't do well although he studied a week in advance. When his sister tried talking to him, he didn't say anything. She asked him if he was okay. He continued to be quiet and walked away.
Ralph owned a catering business. Ralph was catering for a big party. So Ralph prepared his table and his food before the party. The guest arrived and eat his food. They loved his food .
Pete was excited about the marching band contest on Saturday. He had been practicing long hours with the band for weeks. The Monday before the contest, he fell off his bike and broke his arm. He wouldn't be able to march since he was put in a cast. He still went to cheer from the sidelines and show his support.
Two twins were shopping. One of the twins left the store stealing a coat. The security man sees this and rushes to catch him. The security man catches the innocent twin. The innocent twin is taken to jail for a crime he didn't commit.
Jim desperately need to make a phone call. He searched everywhere for a phone. None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth. He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby. He placed the call, and his back pocket rang.
I am Chinese and my wife is Caucasian. When we got engaged the families met. My sister in law did not know much about Asian culture. She called my mother Mama San, a Japanese term. My mother was highly offended.
Leah worked around the clock for weeks. She wanted to impress her bosses and get a performance bonus. At the end of the project, the performance bonus was announced. Leah had earned $5000! She felt so proud!
Sarah took her pug to a dog park. But it had trouble getting along with other dogs. One day, it was attacked and badly injured. And it spent several days at a veterinarian. Sarah had no choice but to keep her pug away from other dogs.
Gina was watching a TV show about clones. She thought the clones were really cool. Her mother called to her to go wash the dishes. That meant she would need to stop watching and miss a part of her show At that moment Gina really wished she had a clone of herself.
Normally, Jan had to do her brothers' bidding. As luck would have it, she now had leverage against them. Jan promised she wouldn't tell their mother about the jars of spiders. In return for her silence, they revealed the plan for the menagerie. They had started a neighborhood gambling operation.
Josie was having a nail party with her friends at the salon. She was excited to finally get her nails done. Josie picked a pretty teal color to get. Her friends picked the same color. Her nails came out perfectly.
Derek was running fast. His flight had just landed. He was rushing to catch is connecting flight. He ran all the way to the gate and was very exhausted. He had made it in time and boarded the plane.
Anna was hiking in the hills behind her home. She was scaling the large boulders. Then she slipped and fell. She snapped her ankle between two boulders. Anna had to return home for treatment.
Tom bought a new gun. He went to try and shoot it. He kept missing the target by a lot. After a while Tom noticed the sight was off. He fixed it and shot much better.
Stan started to feel sick at school one day. He went home and felt sick for the whole weekend. His mom took him to the doctor where Stan found out he had the flu. Stan missed the next week of school as well. Stan finally recovered but said he wanted a flu shot from now on.
I used to have this girlfriend who was so needy. Even if I'm at work she will text me non stop. She'll randomly call me just to say hi late at night. She never liked it when I would hang out with my friends. After a few months I ended up breaking up with her.
Kurt always bragged about how pretty his wife was. Then one day she was in an accident. The accident left her severely scarred. Kurt didn't think she was pretty anymore. Kurt left his wife because he was a horrible husband.
We saw a salt block at Trader Joe's. We weren't sure what it was for. But then we saw a cookbook for it. We realized it was a new way to cook food. We didn't buy it but thought it was neat.
It was early 2000 and the PS2 just came out. I was waiting in line for the PS2. The store finally open as people rushed in the store with eager faces. I got to the counter and saw the ps2. My parents bought me the PS2 and it was the best console I
Bill was curious as a kid about the great dinosaurs. Bill read every book about dinosaurs that he could find. Bill went on to study dinosaurs in highschool and college. Bill went into graduate studies in paleontology and biology. Now Bill is the world's leading authority on dinosaurs!
Sara kept having nightmares and didn't know why. She didn't have them every night but they were frequent. She had been stressed a lot about work. Once the stress died down at work the nightmares went away. It was then that Sara knew she needed a new job.
Bonnie begged her parents to get her a pony. Unfortunately, ponies are very expensive. Her parents could not buy her one, but they did plan a surprise. On her birthday they took her to a farm where a pony was saddled up. She had a big smile on her face as she got onto the pony to ride it.
Meaghan loves to bake. She accidently spills flour all over the kitchen. The flour gets everywhere and in everything. Her daughter loves sliding across the floor in the flour. They have a fun time playing in the mess before cleaning it.
The family tied their luggage to the roof. One of the roped came loose. A bag flew off of the car. It landed in front of another car. It caused a big accident.
Our first car was a Chevy Chevette. We bought it in 1982. My wife picked the color red. Two kids were born while we had the car. We finally disposed of it in 1992.
When I was young we had an in the ground swimming pool. One day the pump broke and my Dad called a repairman. The repair man kept having to walk around to the front for tools. Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck. My dog, who had been out all along, bit him when he jumped the wall.
Heather and Audrey friends from the time they were in first grade. They met because their mothers were best friends. When the girls were in the fourth grade Heather's family moved away. The two girls lost touch until Heather reached out to Audrey online. Now the girls reconnected and talk on a daily basis.
Tina was very nervous about her dance recital. She hadn't practiced very hard and was afraid she might forget. When Tina got on stage, she froze up. Tina ran off stage crying her eyes out. Tina developed an anxiety disorder because of the experience.
Gray had a lot of toys, but his favorite was his bouncing ball. The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced. He bounced on his ball every day, from morning until night. One day, Gray bounced so hard his bouncing ball popped. He was so sad, but his mom went and bought him another bouncing ball.
Bob was camping in the wilderness. He had forgotten his flashlight at home. Bob captured a bunch of fireflies in a jar. He used them as light inside his tent. Bob was able to read from the light of the fireflies.
Sandy needed a car. She went to a dealership and looked around. Finally, she selected an affordable car. She filled out the paperwork and made a down payment. Afterwards, she drove home in her new car.
I had a BBQ the other day. I grilled burgers and dogs for all my friends. I didn't buy enough meat. After all my friends had eaten I realized there wasn't any left. I had to eat potato chips instead.
Seaver is nervous on the job for his first shift. His boss asks him to get something done for him. Seaver completes the task ahead of schedule. Seaver is praised for his work. Seaver is very happy to have completed the task.
Jenny felt uneasy about the track meet. She paced back and forth until it was time for the race to start. She ran as fast as she could. Jenny crossed the finish line a full second ahead of anyone else! Her hard work and persistence paid off.
Jackson and his friends wanted to have a campfire. They went to the store and bought snacks for the campfire. Jackson lit the campfire and they all sat around it. Each of them roasted a marshmallow and told ghost stories. They had the best time at the campfire.
Leina loved to learn about science and all of the mysteries that came. She jumped with joy when she was given a science project at school. One day she was bullied for being a nerd by some kids. The teacher talked to the students about how mean they were to Leina. Leina had been told that the students were just jealous of her.
Jim was at a party. And there was lots of food to eat. He decided to try a small portion of everything. And he thought the salad was really good. But he was too full to get anymore food.
Max was about to get a new puppy. He was at the pound checking out all of the choices. Then, he saw a sad looking old dog. He decided to take that dog instead. The pound was glad because the poor old dog needed a good home.
There was a leak inside the family house that wouldn't stop. The family had a plumber come and fix it by the next day. He never showed up so they called again and soon he came. The plumber was greasy and rude but did the job rather quickly. The family was pleased not having to put up with the leak anymore.
Denis was helping calm his daughter's nerve. She doesn't like going to the doctor. Denis promised his daughter that she was the bravest kid. When she came out, she had a triumphant grin. She didn't cry once.
The letter from the college arrived on Monday. Beth was not sure she wanted to open it. Her curiosity finally won over her fear of bad news. She ripped open the envelope. She was delighted to read that she had been accepted for admission.
Casey watched as new couples were falling in love. They ranged from actual humans to loving birds. She envied how happy they were together. Everywhere she went, she saw a couple holding hands down the street. Casey wished that she could have that one day.
Alex bought 53 television sets so he never had to change the channel. One day he saw the same blender commercial 226 times. He was hypnotized by it and needed that blender in his life. He called the number on the TV ad and had it sent express. Alex enjoys a life a blending drinks now and not as much TV.
I met my neighbor the other day. It was the first time we ever spoke. He came in late at night making a ton of noise. I slammed on his door and asked him to keep it down. He was rather polite despite my expectations.
Pokemon was never thought of highly in Islamic nations. Saudi Arabia, for instance, has had it banned for 15 years. They say it promotes Shintoism and evolution, and is gambling. I've seen my husband play a lot of Pokemon. I think the Saudi Arabian ban is pretty silly.
I went to the beach yesterday. It took forever to get there. We had to use the gps. But the gps was not working. We got stuck.
Allie wanted to try the fruitarian diet. All her friends were on it. But when she was on it for a week she felt sick. She couldn't take it. Allie never wanted to go on it again.
James had been out with the flu. He had a basketball game coming up. His coach decided to bench him. James was not happy about sitting out. His coach had to explain to him that he needed to get well.
Tracy was a big fan of soccer. She traveled to Europe for work last year. She really wanted to watch a soccer match. She decided to go to a game during her trip. She got fired because she went to the match instead of work.
Kara had always found steak too tough for her liking. Then one day her boyfriend promised to change her mind. She waited curiously as he cooked them both steak and potatoes. As she bit into the steak, she had to admit - it was incredible! Her boyfriend explained that it was a tender cut called Filet Mignon.
Lizzie really hoped that it would snow overnight. When she woke up in the morning she ran to the window to look outside. The ground was covered in snow! She couldn't wait to go outside to build a snowman. She hurried through breakfast so that she could go play.
Lucy went to many shows during fashion week. She decided to go to an after party afterwards. Lucy had a fabulous time. She ended up meeting someone as well. Before she knew it she had a date for the next week.
I needed a place to rest my feet during the day. I went to a store and looked for a foot rest. I found a big purple ottoman on sale. I purchased it and took it to the office with me. I propped up my feet as I worked, happy with my purchase.
Stanley was playing poker. Stanley was winning big. Stanley's friends wanted to play one last game all or nothing. Stanley bet all his chips on the game. Stanley lost everything.
Kate wanted to make the musty basement more comfortable. She spent hours sweeping and mopping. Spraying air freshener didn't help. She tried burning scented incense to cover the smell. After all that the basement still smelled like a basement.
Sonny drove a semi truck for a living. He heard there was a storm coming his direction. He was passing through the nearest town, he decided not to stop. Good thing he didn't stop, a tornado went right through the town. Sonny was glad he decided not to stop.
Tim moved into a new apartment. It was a brand new building. Tim paid a lot of money for rent. Within the first month several things broke. The new apartment was poorly made.
Tom needed extra money. He decided to charge for walking other people's dogs. He got a lot of dogs to make some decent money. Tom was often dragged around. He wasn't sure it was worth the money.
Tim woke up to his fire alarm. The entire house was engulfed in flames. He ran out as soon as he could. Eventually the fire department arrived. Unfortunately nothing in the house other than Tim survived.
Sara had so many old clothes. But she hated to throw things away. Then she had a good idea. She decided to donate them to a women's shelter. That way, she knew they'd go to good use.
She put the salamander in the moat. She didn't know it wasn't filled with water. When her brother came back, he said it was alcohol. She didn't understand why the salamander had died. She didn't tell him what she had done to kill it.
James received a new skateboard for his birthday. James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding. James practiced every day and fell many times. One day, James' big brother helped him learn. With his brother's help, James successfully skated for the first time!
Sam loves corn. His mom gave him a pack of seeds. Sam took the seeds and planted them. He kept the weeds away. Soon Sam was eating lots of his corn.
Angela wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. Angela's family was too poor to afford to send her to college. She decided to enter an essay writing contest for a scholarship fund. Angela's essay was so good that it won! With her scholarship Angela was able to go to medical school.
Lucas woke up with night terrors. It would happen every day during his nap. He would sit up slowly with tears streaming down his cheeks. My touch would make him run to the corner while crying. And then he would just stop, suddenly, as he woke from his nightmare.
I had an essay due for one of my classes. I spent the last couple of hours before sleep writing. I fell asleep while writing the essay. I woke up and quickly finished the paper. I brought the essay into class last minute and passed.
Tom was watching an action movie. When he went outside his neighbors seemed concerned. They said that they could hear faint cries and screams. Tom told them that he was just watching a movie. The neighbors felt pretty silly about it.
Jessie entered the talent show at her school. She was going to recite a poem. Jessie got hoarse and couldn't speak. Jessie backed out of the play. She was upset not to perform in the talent show.
Tom was at home during a weeknight. All of a sudden the internet went down. Tom called but they couldn't fix it for hours. He didn't know what to do. He decided to use his mobile data instead.
Dylan invited all his friends over. He was hosting a big party in honor of his birthday. They all gathered and ate and drank. They had a great night! Dylan thanked all his friends for coming to his party.
Neil was enjoying his trip through Finland. His favorite stop was Helsinki. The food was amazing there. And the people were kind and funny. Neil thought Helsinki was the best European capital!
I thought my girlfriend was happy in our relationship. I made enough money, had a house, and took her out often. But my girlfriend still didn't seem to be happy. One day I asked her what was bothering her. She told me I didn't give her enough attention and we broke up.
Tom bought a new pair of sneakers. They were very expensive. He really liked them. None of his friends agreed with him. Tom didn't care and kept them.
John rode his bicycle in the streets. John rode his bike past a go sign. John almost came in contact with the car. The car avoided him due to the driver's brake pedal. John felt fortunate and realized he needed to be more alert.
A group of kids was on a scavenger hunt. They got a tough clue. The clue led them to an art museum. Inside the museum they found their prize! The gallery attendants at the museum were not amused.
My niece's daughter is a high school senior. She had a field trip to Harvard Square. The teacher wanted the students to take the commuter rail and subway. My niece told her they could save money by taking two buses. The teacher thanked her.
Joe went to a rock concert. The music was really loud. Joe was in an area near the speakers. Joe had trouble hearing the next day. His mother had to repeat everything she said.
My husband woke up in the middle of the night. He rolled over and shook me awake. I moaned and asked what he wanted. He said he wanted me to go get him a bacon cheeseburger for lunch. He said to remind him today that he wanted it.
Ray was found guilty of murder and sentenced to 20 years in jail. Ray spent his time carving at his wall to make an escape tunnel. Three years into his sentence he was able to escape. The guards did not realize he was gone until the next day. Ray didn't stop running until he was 100 miles away from the jail.
Eric always liked spicy food. He was at a friend's house for dinner. They warned him about the spiciness of one dish. He thought he could handle it and took a big bite. He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes.
Thomas loved oatmeal. He would eat it whenever he could. He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day. Once arriving at school, he couldn't wait for lunchtime. Thomas was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period.
Tom was walking home from school one day. A thief tried to steal his backpack. The thief ripped the bag but did not take it. Tom had to buy a new backpack. Tom bought a new backpack.
Tim got cancer. He started to lose his hair. The therapy made it worse. He decided to get a wig. It looked terrible and he hated himself for it.
Allie was going through IVF. She wanted twins. But to her dismay she was having ten kids. Allie couldn't believe it. It was rather frightening.
Tom decided he need to save more money. Tom cancelled his cable TV service. Tom also stopped eating out every other night. After several months, Joe looked at his savings. He couldn't believe the difference such small changes can make!
One of my new favorite drinks is black coffee. I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you. It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job. I found a great coffee shop down the street from my house. I now drink about three cups of coffee every single day.
Harry and Lisa were married. Lisa would get angry at Harry because of his false promises. Lisa decided to give Harry an ultimatum. She told him to either keep his promises or get a divorce. Harry decided to get the divorce.
Charlie, 12, was tired of being bullied by Norman. During a game of flag football, Charlie knocked Norman over. Norman walked up to Charlie and punched him in the eye. Charlie stood up and had to decide to jump kick or walk away. Charlie didn't have the nerve to hit back, he walked away.
Sparky loved fish and chips. One day his grandma took him to the grocery store. They bought fish and batter. That night both Sparky and his grandma cooked. They both had a nice dinner of fish and chips.
Kim was in a pie making contest at the county fair. She wanted to win so she spent weeks practicing. At the time of the contest she felt prepared. One the contest started she got right to work. Kim was awarded the blue ribbon for her amazing pie skills.
Liz was starving. She drove to a fast food restaurant and ordered a burger. It was huge and juicy. She ate it all before she got home. Liz was now full.
Mandy bought a gift for her son's teacher. It was a tea pot. A local artisan had made it. She wrapped it carefully and sent it to school with him. The teacher sent a nice thank you note home the next day.
Susie wanted a tattoo. But she was not entirely sure if she would go through with it. She thought it would perhaps hurt. So her friend Fran decided to convince her. Susie listened to Fran and the two got tattoos together.
My dog Mitzi hates cats, or so I thought. One cold winter day, I saw her curled up with the cat, asleep. She heard me giggle, and woke up. She jumped up and snarled at the cat like a ferocious cat-hater. The cat yawned and went back to sleep.
Kevin and his cousin waited in the lobby for an executive. Kevin, a popular singer, expected good news from the executive. But the executive came out his office with a frown on his face. He told Kevin he wanted him off his record label. Kevin asked why and the executive said because Kevin had hit his wife.
The temperature outside was rising. It was time for a fruit pop. I opened my freezer. I shuffled through the assorted flavors. I ended up choosing lemon blueberry.
Denise had just bought a shower curtain online. She couldn't afford much so it was a budget brand. At first, she thought that the curtain was pretty good. Then, she began seeing mold growing on the curtain. She decided to send it back and get a refund.
Gina lived in a small apartment in a suburban area. She felt generally safe and had no issues at this apartment complex. One day when she came home from work, she noticed one window open. She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into. She lost about $1000 worth of jewelry and electronics.
Leah learned that Metallica was playing a concert in a few months. She couldn't afford tickets. Leah decided to make some extra money by selling homemade jewelry. She saved up enough for the ticket. Leah had the time of her life at the concert.
Bill stood at home plate and awaited the pitch. The ball came at Bill faster than he ever seen. He gave a mighty swing and the ball went sky high. He was so stunned by his hit that he didn't run. The ball landed 4 feet away and he was tagged out.
Sam was an airplane pilot. He was very good at his job. Until one day he lost control during a storm. Everyone on board was very scared. Sam managed to gain back control and everyone was alright.
Charlie is going to start a new school tomorrow. He is nervous that he won't be able to make friends. On Charlie's first day one of his peers invites him to eat lunch. Charlie is continuously invited to each lunch with his new friends. Charlie now enjoys his new school and the new friends he has made!
Lisa finished her homework and turned on the TV. She couldn't find anything she wanted to watch. She went into the kitchen to make a sandwich. She couldn't find any lunch meat. She decided it was time to go to bed.
John went to the market to get a few things. But when he entered, he saw various sales and advertisements. He decided to rationalize more and more purchases. And in the end, he spent twice as much as he planned too. John felt guilty for not following his list.
Kim was on a houseboat with her family. One night, they all heard scurrying noises. Slowly, they woke up and noticed a rat on the ground. Some people chased it around until they could catch it. Finally they caught it and put it outside.
I went to a rap show for the first time in my life. I went with an old friend from college. I thought that I was going to hate it because I don't like rap. I actually had a great time and bought a few rap albums there. Now I'm avid rap and hip hop listener.
Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel. But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door. He helped her learn English and find a job. Eventually, she found work as a well-paid secretary. And best of all, she married the kind man who'd saved her!
Lisa is a nurse with a 4 month old baby girl. Her daughter's name is Megan. Lisa does not want to put Megan in daycare. Lisa asks her friends and family if they can babysit while she works. Lisa's mother says she is willing to watch Megan for her.
Tina was adamant on being the craziest person in the group. She would often do stunts that would put her safety at risk. She would jump from high trees and roll on the ground when landing. One day she attempted to jump between two high buildings. She didn't make it, she fell and broke both legs, never to walk again.
The family had been car shopping for weeks. They got a fancy new car. It was the nicest one they'd ever owned. They drove it around town to show it off. It was a great new ride!
Donald was a slick salesman. His customers believed that only Donald could solve their problems. But Donald cheated and deceived every one of his customers. When Donald was convicted of fraud, his customers still supported him. Donald even continued to sell to his customers from his jail cell.
Marcy wants to go to homecoming. John needs a date to the dance. Marcy decides to ask her friend John if he'd like to go together. Marcy and John have a great time and sparkle on the dancefloor. Marcy and John decide to date!
The family boarded the train. They were traveling to the city. The ride was smooth and fast. When they arrived, they were glad they didn't have to find parking. Traveling by train was very convenient!
Jane was out of town for work. Her son Alex was home with his dad. Her husband called to tell her Alex had been sick. Jane was worried about Alex. Her husband assured her he was able to take care of everything.
Tina got home from work one day very tired. She cooked her kids food and went to the tub to relax. She got her tub nice and ready and then climbed in. Right as she got in the water, she heard a loud crash in the house. Tina drained her tub as she rushed to stop her kids from misbehaving.
Jenna was at a concert for her favorite band. She was front stage and was able to catch all the action! She nodded her head to the music. When the concert was over her ears started ringing. She had trouble hearing for the next week.
Tammy's favorite side dish was french fries. Even when she went for Mexican food, she ordered fries. For Christmas, Tammy's father bought her a small deep fat fryer. Tammy burned herself slightly while trying to make fries one day. The fryer was retired, and Tammy resolved to only eat the pros' fries.
Sandra was exhausted from working all day. She looked around the house at the clutter. It was then that she decided to create power-cleaning time. After dinner, everyone would clean super fast for 15 minutes. This became a daily ritual and helped lighten her load significantly.
It was lunchtime for the kids, but there was a commotion. On the field, a large crowd gathered and was clamoring. Charles figured it was probably a fight. Moments later, he saw his best friend rinsing blood out his mouth. Charles was so hurt, he would've jumped in that fight.
Roderich realized his piano needed tuning. He searched the phone book for a good piano tuning company. When he found it, he gave them a call. They sent someone by to tune the piano. Roderich was happy to have his piano back in working order.
Jake was expecting a phone call for a job interview. He prepared meticulously for this particular interview. Jake immediately answered his phone when it rang. The person on the other line turned out to have dialed a wrong number. Jake's interviewer had forgotten about the interview.
Jamie was nervous about her upcoming oboe recital. She was new to music. She'd only been practicing for a couple of months. She worked extra hard to get read. When she finished, the audience stood and clapped.
Liam was at the county fair. He ate a sausage link he bought from a booth. The sausage was spicy. It gave Liam heartburn. When he left the fair, he went to the store to get medicine.
Lisa was so excited because she was going to be the flower girl. She put her dress on and her hair curled all pretty. Everything was perfect. As she walked down the aisle she tripped, and flowers went everywhere. She thought she let everyone down, and ran out of the church crying.
Amy has won a trip on a cruise ship. She is very excited to go on this vacation. When Amy packs her bags, her cat hides in one of her suitcases. Amy opens her bag on the ship to find her cat laying in her clothes. Reluctantly, Amy allows her cat to stay with her on her trip.
Tim was home alone. His neighbor went over and tried to walk in. Tim wasn't expecting anybody. The door was locked and the neighbor knocked. Tim never got up to answer.
Ezekiel loved fairy tales. He always wished to be in the stories. One day he woke up sitting beside Sleeping Beauty. When he leaned to kiss her, Ezekiel sneezed. He opened his eyes in his bedroom and knew it was only a dream.
Everyone in town was worried about the current crime spree. They called a town meeting to discuss what to do. They gave out information on the crimes. Everyone pledged to do their part in catching the criminal. They were sure they would be able to catch him by working together.
Katie was getting a new rug. She needed to get it installed. The people were supposed to come at noon to install. However to her dismay, Katie was left alone. The installers never came.
Pete's teacher said the kids could bring their pets to class. Pete's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits. Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish. Before school, Pete scooped his fish from the tank. When he showed the fish, they were floating in a small bowl.
Marceline loved animals and her guitar. She knew that animals loved music as much as she did. She set up a concert fundraiser at the zoo. She played her favorite songs on a Saturday. The money from the concert helped the zoo with funds.
The man hiked on the trail. A large tree had fallen on the trail. The man could not go any farther. He returned to the start of the trail. He found another trail to hike.
Tammie was very proud of her science fair project. Who'd have thought baking soda and vinegar could react like that? She was certain her incredible breakthrough would earn her prestige. However, the other competitors in the fair weren't so impressed. Nor were the janitors who now had to mop the floor, wall, and ceiling.
Amelia was a plump young woman. Her mother always told her that if she was fat she wouldn't marry. Amelia didn't mind being plump but also trusted her mother. She went on a diet and lost a few pounds. But when she didn't find a husband, she went back to eating normally.
I asked my husband to go out with me. We looked online for something to do. We found a new snocone store. We woke up our boy and went to get snow cones. The cones were delicious and soft as butter.
I visited the casino again last night. I brought a hundred dollars with me. I doubled it within 20 minutes. I should have left. I stayed and spent a lot more.
Uncharacteristically, Malik ran toward the brouhaha. He could hear his mother shouting his name as he approached. A path cleared in the middle of the crowd cleared for him. His mother was finally revealed, sweating and bewildered. He walked slowly toward her, his hand outstretched to make contact.
Tom suffered from depression. He tried therapy but that didn't work. Medications made him feel like someone else. Tom decided to try electro shock therapy. It was surprisingly successful.
Neil was riding his bike. And he reached a stop light. But he saw no cars and decided to cross. But a car sped through the intersection and almost hit him. Neil decided to always wait for the light from then on.
Max was doing poorly on his final Math exam. He knew he was going to fail, so he was desperate. Sneakily, he looked over at his neighbor's paper. Max began to copy her answers, guilty but determined. He passed the exam, but he felt awful about how he did it.
Gary went into the mountains. He brought his bike. He rode it down the mountain. He hit a branch. His bike broke down.
Laurie hated doing dishes, but that was her chore. Then she had a great idea-she could trade with her sister. Her sis, Amy, hated vacuuming! The girls discussed it, and agreed to trade chores covertly. Their mom never knew-and each girl was much happier!
Franklin raised his hand eagerly to answer the teacher's question. He looked around and saw everyone else had their hand's down. Franklin started to doubt himself. He started to lower his hand but the teacher called on him. Franklin mumbled out the answer and the kids laughed.
Jose's favorite track event was the long jump. He was poised and ready to jump. He began running. He lept into the air off the track. He crashed into the sand knowing that he had won.
Joy's family went camping even though it was calling for rain. That night they were in the tent when all of a sudden rain poured in. It was raining so hard the tent couldn't protect them. They ran to the car to dry off. The rain didn't stop so they ended up sleeping there that night.
One night while drinking margaritas a group of women began planning. They thought it would be a good idea to walk a half marathon. They began to train and walked a little further each week. The morning of the marathon they were so anxious and nervous. They all finished in under four hours and were so proud.
I was on a plane last week and it had bad dips. I felt like I was going to be sick. I closed my eyes to try not to think about it. I was very close to throwing up. Thankfully we landed and I did not get sick at all.
A girl wanted to get her parents a gift. She didn't have any money though. She tried to think hard about what she could give. So she finally came up with an idea her parents would like. She gave them a big hug and said thank you for being my parents.
Mark always liked breakfast more than any other meal. But once, he didn't feel like eating it. When asked why, he just replied he wasn't hungry. Turns out he thought he was getting fat. He decided he was fine after a few days of hunger.
James and Taylor bought a new home. When they finally finished all the paperwork they drove to the house. At the house they were greeted by family members. James proposed to Taylor. Taylor said yes to the proposal.
Jen was outside playing with her friends. They were running near some bushes. A spider got into Jen's shirt. Jen was terrified. She ran into the restroom and ripped off her shirt.
Tim took out his CD player and popped in his favorite album. He listened to the first song. Once the song ended it started up again. Tim realized that the repeat button was stuck. He didn't bother to fix it until the song played the third time.
Kate was to home bored on summer break. She walked to the library to read the fashion magazines. She met a girl named Jan who liked them as much as she did. The read articles and discussed them with each other. Kate walked home hoping Jan would be there tomorrow too.
Uki was a gangster in South Chicago. Uki went to prison for attempted murder. In prison, Uki decided to become a better person. He used the prison library to get his diploma. When Yuki was released from Prison, he was a better and moral person.
Tommy has a red balloon. It's his favorite color! But one day, the balloon lost it's air. Tommy was very sad. But he'll get a new balloon tomorrow, so it's not that bad.
Kelley found out she had to update her phone. She attempted to do so. But there was no space on her phone. She had to delete a lot of apps. After deleting a dozen apps, she finally had the room to download it.
Roger had an interest in gemstones. Roger had an idea to capitalize off his interest. He had an Amazon account. Roger found gemstones at a wholesale price. He has built up a collection to sale.
Alexis was walking through the park. Suddenly, she noticed two girls fighting. The fight was becoming physical. Alexis decided to watch and make sure they were okay. Soon, the police arrived and arrested the girls.
Bailey had a huge football game in one week. Suddenly he did not feel well in his stomach. He rushed to the hospital to get it checked. The doctor stated that it was a 24 hour bug. Bailey was able to play during the football match.
My daughter turned on the TV. She enjoys dancing to YouTube Videos. She turned on her favorite YouTube video song. She danced her little heart out. I watched my little dancer enjoy her time dancing.
Andrew realized his car was filthy. So Andrew decided to wash his car. Andrew filled up buckets full of soup and water. He began to wipe down his car. It took Andrew twenty minutes to was his car and it looked brand new.
Dexter loves to watch movies. Sometimes he will watch the same ones each day. His three favorite ones are Minions, Zootopia, and Kung Fu Panda. His mother decided to get him Netflix so he could watch other movies. Dexter found a new favorite movie on there called "Home".
Ben was excited, but a little apprehensive. Today he was starting his first job. He had applied earlier that week and they had hired him. He arrived at work, ready to go. Ben had a great first day of work and did really well.
Peter loves to smoke a pipe. One day peter loses his pipe in his home. He's concerned and cannot locate it. He finds his teenage son smoking his pipe. Peter is disappointed in his son for smoking the pipe.
Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season. He was running and helping his teammates. During a breakaway, Jayson got the ball. He passed the defenders and looked up at the goal. He took a shot and scored the game-winner!
It had been Max's dream to play on his town's hockey team. Everyday he went out to the ice rink to practice skating. When it was time for the tryouts he felt like he was ready. He skated the best that he could in order to prove his skill. Max was one of the best players, so he made the team.
Tom started going to a new middle school. Tom was immediately singled out by the school bully, Joe. Joe pushed Tom around, taking his lunch money. Tom decided he had had enough of this abuse. The next day, Tom punched Joe right in the nose!
Adam tripped and fell into a stagnant ditch. He said it was really yucky! He ran home and jumped in the shower. All the ditch dirt washed down the shower drain. Adam dried off and was clean and nice smelling.
Tom was washing clothes. He went to put them in the dryer. However the dryer would not turn on. He had a plan. He put his clothes outside to dry in the sun.
Lara enrolled her daughter in daycare when she was four months old. She felt guilty every time she dropped the baby off. Every night, she carried her for hours, singing and playing. One day, her daughter smiled for the first time - at her teacher. Lara cried all the way to work.
Victoria was sleeping at a friend's house. She woke up in the middle of the night. Victoria needed to use the restroom. She was unfamiliar with the house in the dark. Walking to the bathroom, Victoria knocked over a lamp.
Hillary had been waiting for her crush to call all day. She gave him her number at school that morning. He said he needed help with math. Unfortunately it's getting late and he never called. Then the phone rings.
Billy steps into a hot air balloon. The balloon takes off into the sky. Billy sees the city beneath him. He is amazed at the clear blue clouds. Billy is happy after riding in a hot air balloon.
One day I was walking to the store from my home. I was visiting South Africa so a few people didn't speak good English. Out of nowhere, one of these few started following me to the store. I didn't understand him much, but I did understand a marriage proposal. Almost horrified I crossed the street at an opportune time, escaping.
Jasper had always wanted to ride the bus to Atlanta. He decided to book himself a ticket one weekend. Jasper had a great bus ride to Atlanta. When he arrived he began to explore the city. Jasper was pleased that he had finally taken a bus ride to Atlanta.
Lacie craved her grandmother's pot roast. She called her grandmother on the phone for the recipe. Her grandmother was very happy to share her secret ingredients. Lacie followed the recipe exactly. The pot roast was good but not as good as her grandmother's
I went to the bank to take out a loan. The loan was for the restaurant I was going to open. I borrowed well over fifty thousand dollars. On the first day of the restaurant, I realized I had to close it down. I should have used the money to buy a building that didn't have rats.
John had recently gotten a house plant. It was not doing very well. The leaves on the plant were starting to turn yellow. John bought some fertilizer for the plant. It eventually became healthy again after a week.
I used to be addicted to energy drinks. I would have three of them every single day. My buddy told me that I actually crave the caffeine inside the drink. He said that drinking black coffee is much better for me. I switched to coffee and feel better because of it.
Sue wanted a baby, but her uterus was undersized and shaped strangely. Her doctors told her it was possible but unlikely. Still, Sue wanted a child, so she and her husband decided to try. After many long months, she conceived a baby. She carried it to full term and delivered a perfect healthy boy!
Karen's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store. The snow was actually going to work in her favor for this request. She placed large bowls outside to capture freshly fallen snow. Karen added chocolate coconut milk to the snow to make snow-cream.
Ky wanted to be published in his school's newspaper. But the paper didn't have any writing section to showcase his poems. Ky thought hard, and came up with a solution. He printed and copied some poems himself and passed them out. His friends thought his school paper was better than the official one!
Joni had a father who would smith his own swords. Joni's father would sell his swords to collectors. Joni asked her father to make a sword for her birthday. Her father made a beautiful sword with her name in the hilt. Joni cried when she was presented with the gift.
Amanda was taking a pain medication for a headache. She had taken a caffeine pill earlier in the day. She decided to take extra pain pills because she was still hurting. The combination of these medications made her have a seizure! When she recovered, she vowed to never again take too many pills.
Robin envied a classmate who seemed to have everything. One day, this girl invited Robin over to play dolls. When the girl wasn't looking, Robin put a small doll in her pocket. Robin couldn't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy. When she got home, though, she buried the doll in her yard.
Ben came home after a long day out. He was starving. He approached the cabinet and grabbed the cereal box. There was no cereal after he looked inside of the cereal. His brother confessed that he finished the rest of the bag.
Kim wanted to go the dance. She did not want to go alone. She waited for a friend to ask her. He never did. Kim ended up not going to the dance.
Janice and her sister were fierce competitors. They were involved in a pool game. Janice had made a great shot. She was lining up the shot for the eight ball. Janice hit it and the ball went in.
Clark had a friend named Kevin who had a crush on some girl he met. Clark was tired of hearing Kevin talk about this girl. Finally he asked Kevin to introduce him to the girl so Kevin shut up. Kevin looked at him with his mouth hanging open. How could Clark not know his own sister!
I am the type of person who always wants to do something. I don't want that i'm doing nothing because i easily get bored. One day when i have no work i decided to visit my old school. Then i saw one of my old school mate and she's looking for a tutor. So i volunteered myself and now i have two jobs.
I once adopted a cat. He wasn't a very affectionate animal. We made him an outside cat since he could be mean to the children. He stayed outside for almost 4 months before he went missing. We never found him.
As a young writer, Gary had hated getting rejection letters. Later in life, Gary got a job working for a publisher. At first he tried to personalize every response he gave manuscripts. Eventually the task overwhelmed him and he churned out stock letters. Gary realized that his earlier distaste for letters had been naive.
Tom felt he was getting sick. He couldn't afford to miss any days at work. He decided to go to work and kept getting worse. Eventually his cold was full blown. Tom still went to work and got several other people sick.
Tim was playing with friends. He got caught up on a fence. It ripped open his hand. Tim freaked out and ran home. His parents took him to get stitches.
Sue wanted to work on her golf swing. She knew it would impress her boyfriend. She finally decided to hire a pro. During her lessons, she got better. Her boyfriend was happy she could finally play.
Dan visited his uncle's farm for spring break. Dan's uncle owned many horses on the farm. Dan became close to the horses, and soon wanted his own. Dan bought his own horse and kept it at the farm. Eventually Dan tamed the horse, and they became inseparable.
Ben was ready to buy his first home. He applied for a credit check so he could get a mortgage. When the credit report came back, he was cautious. He didn't know his credit score, so he opened it nervously. But then Ben saw that his credit score - was excellent!
Parents decided to get family pictures. They found a photographer. They decided to go with her. They took pictures together. They really loved the pictures!
The girl was in a lot of pain. She'd just had surgery. They'd removed her appendix. She walked carefully to her bedroom. She couldn't wait to rest!
Jane was driving to a friend's house. She wasn't paying attention to her gas gauge. She ran out of gas on the way there. Jane had to call her friend. The friend took her some gas to help.
Jack was at the movies with a new girl, Elle. Jack liked her alot and wanted to make a move. Jack leaned back and gently stretched his arm overhead. He then brought the arm down behind Elle's neck. Within minutes they were snuggling and sharing popcorn.
Dan finds out that his girlfriend has been seen with another guy. So he follows her to the man's house. Dan accuses her of cheating. She explains that the guy is her boss and she introduces his husband. Then she breaks up with Dan.
A natural language processing researcher was working on a data set. He wanted to cluster a bivariate data set. He decided to use a k-means algorithm. Alas, the k-means algorithm was unable to handle the complex data. The researcher switched to a Hamming algorithm and it worked great!
Kate was waking up to go to work. The TV in the living room was on the news. They were all showing the twin towers which had been hit by planes. Kate stood and began to cry. It was difficult to believe there was terrorism in the United States.
Tom wanted to give his girlfriend a gift. He was good at carving things. He decided to carve her a ring. It took him a while but it came out very nice. Tom's girlfriend was extremely grateful.
Merrill was struggling with his new job. He wasn't as efficient as he should be and his boss noticed. He finally pulled Merrill aside and told him everything would work out His bosses kind words gave Merrill the encouragement he needed. Merrill eventually became the most efficient employee in the company.
The sky was dark and cloudy. It started to rain. Tom ran towards under a tree for shelter. Lightning struck the tree. Tom was lucky to be alive.
Jamie was almost ready to move out of her parents' house. She packed three boxes full of her belongings and taped them close. As Jamie loaded her car her mother asked if she had seen their cat. Jamie told her she hadn't and drove off to her new apartment. While unpacking,Jamie found the family cat asleep in one of her boxes.
Jill was failing in her math class. So her mother hired a tutor for Jill. The tutor spent two hours a day with Jill. Jill raised her math grade all the way up to a B. Jill's mother was very proud of Jill.
Sally wanted a puppy for years. She got good grades on her report card. She showed her parents and they said she could have one because of it. She looked online and saw someone giving them away. Sally went with her parents and got the puppy.
Jane worked as a teller at a grocery store. Every now and then she would get weird money. Money she thought might be fake. One time a customer paid with fresh new twenties. They all wound up being fake.
Amy was visiting her mother out of town. The trip was ending and she was more than ready to go home. At the airport the airline were unable to find her boarding info. She checked her email and realized her return flight was tomorrow. Amy climbed into her mother's car, embarrassed to have made a mistake.
Lorraine loved nuts. Pistachios were her favorite. She bought a giant bag of them at the grocery store. She ate them all that night. Lorraine was soon sick of pistachios!
The waitress came to our table with the bill. Tina offered to pay for the meal. I told her what I would pay it, despite her offer. She accepted my offer however, she grabbed my card. In addition, she swiped it across the ATM machine.
A man stood on the top deck of a large ship and looked over the sea. He wanted to take a picture of the sunset. He took out his camera and held it at arm's length. A sudden wave hit the boat and rocked the man. He was able to hold his camera but screwed up the picture.
Elena got into a car accident. Since she was at fault, she had to pay a large amount to the victim. Nate received a phone call from Elena. She asked him to loan some money to her. He was mad and ended the call.
Pete was listening very closely. His doctors were testing his ability to hear. If he scored poorly, he would need hearing aides. He passed the test, barely. Pete was relieved that he could hear!
Shelly went shell hunting on the beach today. She looked for the prettiest shells she could find. But most of the shells were broken. Then, suddenly, a beautiful cone shell caught her eye. Shelly came home happily with her new find.
The night of the big show was a few weeks away. Clark knew he wanted to be sharp. He practiced his solo over and over. The night of the big show arrived. Clark stood up for his solo and knocked it out of the park.
Trevor was in the garage building a shelf. He reached down for his tools but felt nothing. He looked down, confused, only to find nothing at his feet. He realized that he forgot his drill inside the house. He left the garage, feeling silly about his absent mindedness.
Katie found a pink dress she loved. She did not have enough money to buy it. She decided to save up. She finally had enough. She went to the dress store and bought it.
Eric wanted to write and sell books online. But he wasn't a good writer. So he decided to take books on the public domain and sell them. And he ended up earning decent money. But Eric was dissatisfied that never wrote on his own.
It was a beautiful fall day and the Smiths went apple picking. They traveled to their favorite orchard. It took about an hour to get there but it was worth it. As soon as they got there they started picking. But the time they were done they picked 100 apples.
Jennifer was a gymnast who went to my school. Every day she would do tricks on the bars during recess. All of the girls were very jealous of the attention she got. One day my friend decided she could do a cherry drop too. She fell off the bar, got a black eye and lots of attention too.
Anita teaches math in Oaxaca Mexico. But teaching conditions are poor and her pay is too low. Therefore, Anita joined the teachers' protests in the plaza. The police showed up Saturday morning to dismantle the crowd. They fired warning shots, but one hit Annita and killed her.
Michael took Nia to a scary movie on their first date. The zombies in the movie made Nia feel very scared. She grabbed Michael's hand and held it tight for the whole movie. Michael and Nia felt very safe together. The couple had a great time on their first date.
Josh had put a pizza in the oven. While it was cooking, someone knocked on the door. He forgot about the pizza. All of a sudden, he smelled smoke. His pizza was in the oven burning.
It was an incredibly hot day outside. Bob had to make a 2 hour drive in the heat. The air conditioning in his car didn't work. Bob sweated profusely while driving. He had to pull over multiple times in order to cool off.
I met a woman in my sophomore year of college. We were lab partners in biology. We got to be good friends. I brought her to a high school in the same college. He said he did not like her at all.
I was taught by nuns during the early seventies. In second grade, I had a really hard time grasping math. Sister told me girls didn't have to be good at math. She said I was pretty enough to find a husband who was good at math. I'm fifty and still struggle and am sure it's because of SR Rose.
Kate was on a road trip with her boyfriend. She kept needing to pee. Kate's boyfriend got annoyed after a while. Kate decided to hold it in. She got an infection because of it.
The president has received a Letter. The letter described a powerful weapon called an atom bomb. The President agrees with the author that the US should develop it. The President orders the Army to oversee development of an atom bomb. The Army created the Manhattan Project to carry out the order.
Eliza got her tonsils taken out during her senior year of high school. Her mom scheduled to surgery for thanksgiving break. After her surgery, she was in a lot of pain. She was sad she wasn't able to eat on thanksgiving with her family. Weeks later when she felt better, her family made her a new dinner.
Tom had read about a website where he could meet women for a date. Even though he was married, he decided to give it a try. It cost $40 to sign up. He entered his credit card number and particulars into the website. He never heard back from them after that.
Mary wanted to play football. Even though she tried really hard, she was not very good at the sport. One day, she decided to ask a friend to teach her. She practiced hard for many weeks. Now, Mary is an expert and the best football player on the team.
Jason and Alison went for a walk. The neighborhood bully suddenly appeared. He pushed Alison down. Alison's knees were scraped and bleeding. Jason carried Alison home.
Jane decided to pick a bunch of flowers. She picked red, blue, and yellow flowers. She placed the flowers in a vase on her table. Jane invited her neighbors over to see her flowers. All Jane's neighbors complimented her beautiful flowers.
Ashley made a sandwich for lunch. She left it on her counter at home. When lunch arrived Ashley realized she forgot her food. She went out for lunch. When she got home she had to throw the sandwich.
Joey had bought a new shelf for his room. The shelf came unassembled. He took the pieces out of the box. Joey read the instructions. He began to put the pieces together.
People were showing up late to work at the office. To combat this, management posted flyers about it. They posted one over my desk and asked me to tell others. I obliged, hoping that this policy would help improve attendance. It did to some degree, but many still did not show on time.
Ava and her brother were playing baseball in the backyard. Ava's bat smashed the ball - which broke the window next door! No one saw it happen, but Ava decided she had to do the right thing. She left a note explaining and apologizing. Later, the neighbor came over to thank Ava for her honesty.
Sonya was ready for her first day at her new job. She was very nervous. Sonya dressed in her best outfit and headed out. The day was great. Sonya new she would love her new job.
Stephen was at a party. He had been drinking quite a lot. With some egging on from friends, he decided to jump in the pool. Then, he realized that his phone was in his pocket. He checked it but it was completely broken.
Jill was excited to ski for the first time. Her dad took her to the bunny slope. She caught on very quickly. After about an hour she looked sad. When her dad asked why she said because she thought she'd see bunnies.
Alice moved to a new place in a new city. She began having trouble sleeping. After discussing it with a doctor, she said she didn't have insomnia. She said Alice was merely being kept up by the loud city noises. She prescribed ear plugs, which worked like a charm.
I took a sculpture class in high school. Everyone made sculptures out of clay. I was terrible at using clay. My teacher informed me that sculptures could be made of anything. So I made a 5 foot sculpture out of plastic spoons.
Joe went to cut his hair. The barber had other customers, so Joe had to wait. Joe read a magazine while he waited. Joe took his turn to get his hair cut. He loved his new cut.
I met my partner at a campus LAN party. I was the only girl there and he was working in the same building. He decided to see what was going on at the LAN party. He came up to me and we talked about video games and joked around. We are still together 3 years later.
Sam smelled something nasty in the kitchen. It was the trash. Sam was too lazy to take it out. After it became a huge problem, Sam took it out. Sam realized that he was much happier afterwards.
Sarina was staying at a hospital. She was waiting a very long time for a transplant. Without a liver she would die. So she was patient waiting every day. Until her patience finally paid her with a liver.
Ollie came out to his mom, determined to be true to himself. Though she seemed to take it well, Ollie wasn't so sure. His mom started trying to set him up with dates with girls. He got frustrated with her constant attempts to meddle this way. Ollie decided to move to another country far away from her.
Sets Grets wanted to be a beekeeper. Unfortunately he was allergic to bees. His mother told him not to do it. He trained every day, and always kept an epipen on him. Until his insurance went up, and he could no longer afford them.
Troy was his school's star volleyball player. He led his team to the championship against the school's main rival. But the week before the game Troy was doing terrible in practice. His nerves were getting to him and people were worried about the game. But on championship day Troy played his best game ever.
Richard had a twitter account he started 5 years ago. He was very active and posted multiple times a day. He mostly posted about his tv shows and posted shorts videos. A TV network got upset about this and reported him to twitter. Richard's twitter account was then suspended for copyright violations.
Rachel went to her boyfriend's house for Easter. His mom cooked up a huge ham. Rachel's religious beliefs prevented her from eating it. She thought things would be very awkward. Her boyfriend mom knew ahead of time and had also made kosher food.
Little Jane saw a beautiful princess in a movie. She decided she wanted to look as pretty as the princess. So she went into her mother's vanity and pulled out some lipstick. She put the red lipstick all over her lips. When she looked in the mirror, she was startled to see a clown!
Tim and friends got a log cabin in winter. It was right next to a ski slope. Tim spent the entire weekend snowboarding. By the end his muscles were ridiculously sore. Tim thought it was well worth it.
Sarah loved sandwiches. Only problem was she had few ingredients. She didn't know what to do. So she went to the grocery store. She then made pbj.
Kacie had just moved to a new city. One day she got off of her bus at the wrong stop. She tried to find her way home but she was lost. Then, she ran into a girl her age. The girl was able to help her find her way back home.
Kelsi was walking down the city street. Her earring fell out in the street as she was walking. Frantic, Kelsi decided to pick up it. She tried as fast as she could. Thankfully she was able to pick it up unscathed.
Gina had brought a stray dog into the kitchen. Her frightened mother screamed. She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house. Her mother wanted the dog out of her house. Gina had to get it out of the house quickly.
Eli thought the Pacific Northwest would be a beautiful place to visit. He packed some supplies and headed on up north and west. When he got to Washington he looked for mountains to climb. Eli was floored by all the beautiful scenery and great people. He was very sad when he had to return home.
Rick and Nick were going to visit their grandma out of state. They had never met their grandma before. Rick and Nick were shy so they stayed near their daddy. When grandma spoke to them they hid their face instead of answering. Before long they were sitting and laughing with their grandma.
On the weekends I love to make cookies. I pick out a recipe. I go to the store and get the ingredients. I mix together the ingredients and put them in the oven. The cookies bake for 15 minutes.
Sally was having trouble falling asleep. Her anxiety kept her up at night. She kept worrying about her work. Sally decided to do some yoga in order to relax. She was able to fall asleep immediately afterwards.
Yesterday was Mark's birthday. It was a Monday, so he had to go to school. He knew he had a birthday party after school. He was excited all day. When he got to the party, he was very happy.
The husband won a prize in the raffle. It was a new beer cooler. He put it on the front porch. His wife was horrified. She said he had to take it off the front porch.
Ted was mad at his parents. He went take a walk in the woods. It was peaceful in the woods. Ted started to feel bad for being upset. He went home and apologized to his parents.
Jane swept and mopped the floor. It took her a long time. She was happy with how clean it was. All of a sudden her dog dragged in mud from outside. Jane was annoyed and frustrated.
Beatriz went into the desert isle. Although she had diabetes, she grabbed several pastries. She began to munch on them. Afterwards, her stomach started to hurt her. I gave her a bowl to vomit in.
John scrubbed the cows. He didn't like them to be dirty. Sometimes people would comment on his cows. John appreciated that feeling. He savored it inside.
Mandy had not purchased herself a toothbrush in Years. She had simply been using the complementary ones from the dentist. She went for her bi-annual teeth cleaning. The hygienist forgot to give her a bag of supplies afterward. Mandy was forced to use her existing brush for a further half-year.
Tom was in his college swim team. He did everything to try and be faster. Tom shaved his entire body. After a while people noticed he was weirdly smooth. Tom was slightly embarrassed but care about winning more.
Amy was on a canoe trip. She pushed her canoe off the river bank. Then she jumped in and paddled. Amy managed to paddle several miles. She was very satisfied with her day's journey!
The door swung open. A man rushed to the doorway. He grabbed a shotgun. There was nobody at the door. The man didn't need the shotgun.
Susanna really wanted an iPhone. She wanted it mainly for the Touch ID. She thought it would be cool to have. So she went and bought one. She couldn't have been happier with her purchase.
Theo loved to collect art. He went to an art gallery and bought a picture of a rose for $1,000. When Theo brought it home, he hung it in his living room. Theo was walking away and heard a crash. He was furious when he saw the picture had fallen and shattered.
I recently got a new dog. He seemed to itch a lot. I decided to try a monthly pill to get rid of the fleas. I administered the pill to my new dog. He no longer suffers from flea bites.
Trina has been drawn to the violin. Seeing this, her parents put her in lessons. She had a natural gift for the music. After a year, she was performing in recitals. She is considered a prodigy.
When I worked with animals, I was given a wolf enclosure. There were about 10 wolves in the pack, and they were very shy. When I brought them food, I had to stay a safe distance away. Because I was feeding them, they started warming up to me. By the time I left, they treated me like the leader, or alpha.
Ed and Tim were fighting. Ed gave Tim a black eye. Tim was enraged. He gave Ed a black eye back! They were both ravaged after the fight.
Keith uses his paycheck to buy a truck. Keith's dad told him it was a mistake. Keith didn't listen to anyone. After a few rides the Truck blows up. Keith realizes what mistake buying that truck was.
Haley wanted a new pet. She decided on a guinea pig. When she hugged it she broke out in a rash. Haley was allergic to it. She had to find it a new home.
My family was excited for the fourth of july. We decided to have a Bar BQ. A lot of friends attended the event. We ate burgers. At the end of the night we watched fireworks.
Bobby was riding in the car with his parents. He told them he was very thirsty. They had forgotten his sippy cup, but the asked if he could use a can. Bobby eagerly said he could drink from a soda can easily! But when they handed it to him, Bobby spilled it everywhere!
John was at the beach. He wanted to build a sand castle. He created a very elaborate setup. After a while the tide started coming in. John took pictures of it before it was destroyed.
Jen loved to take walks in gardens and see flowers. Once she watched a butterfly on a flower for a hour. In that moment Jen wished to be a butterfly. She imagined that it would be fun to fly around all the flowers. Jen cut a few flowers and took them home with her.
Kara and Jon went on a hike to watch the sunset. They brought a blanket and a bottle of wine. Then they hiked a couple of miles to the top of a local hilltop. But the hike and the wine combined to tire them out. They fell asleep before they saw the sunset!
Al walked out of his motel room and walked to the vending area. He hated this place but had nowhere else to go. He arrived at the machine and put two dollars into the slot. The machine took his money but gave him nothing in return. Now he really hated this place!
My sister-in-law's apartment was inspected today. The circuit breaker panel needed to be replaced. They said the whole box might be replaced. Work would involve cutting a hole into the wall. My sister-in-law was not pleased.
Nancy bought a beautiful dress for the prom. Her little sister saw it and decided to try it on. Unfortunately the dress did not fit and it ripped. Nancy yelled at her sister for ruining the dress. Her sister said it would be fine and sewed it back together.
Tom needed to pay rent. He was also terribly bored. He decided to buy some beer. Because of that he didn't have enough to pay rent. He was charged a late fee.
Kate's mom and her boyfriend go on a trip to Hawaii. Once there, Kate's mom calls her. She informs Kate that she and her boyfriend are getting married. Kate is not convinced this is a good idea. A few Years later, her mom divorces him.
Joe like to go to the zoo. It was his favorite thing to do. One year he went and ran to the elephant area. It was his favorite animal there. The elephant exhibit was closed that day and ruined Joe's time there.
Phil lost his phone. He couldn't find it anywhere. He went online and asked a friend to call it. He heard it ringing behind the sofa. Phil was able to find it.
Layla was running for class president. She spent hours on her posters and her speech. On the day of the election her car broke down. She arrived too late to make her speech. Layla lost the election.
Tim was really nice. He always said yes. Even if it was a crazy request. One day someone asked if Tim ever said No. Tim laughed and ran away.
Yesterday, I had a really bad headache. I tried many things to get it to go away, but it only got worse. Finally, I took a nap in the hopes that it would help. I fell asleep quickly. When I awoke, my headache was gone.
Jeff wanted a dog. His wife also wanted a dog. They researched dogs together and decided on a German Shepard. They adopted a black German Shepherd named Lucy. Lucy is loving her new life at their house.
Ben had done ten Years in prison. His release date came, and he was freed. Ben collected his things and left the jail. He looked around outside, shocked by the changes. Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time.
Chucky was a TV news reporter who stopped at nothing to get a story. He tried to get a story from a kind man who wouldn't take a bribe. Blackmailing didn't work, so he started following and harassing him. The man hurried away, and right into traffic and a speeding bus! Chucky tripped, knocking the doctor out of the way, and got hit.
Jenna was going on a long hike. For the first part of the hike, she trekked deep into a canyon. Then, she climbed up a winding cliff side. At the top of this tall peak, she climbed out to the edge. At the end of the hike, she was standing a huge peak.
Belky adored gardening. He carefully pruned and managed his flowerbed. One day his kids threw a ball that crashed through some flowers. Belky grounded each of them for a full month. Belky set about morosely repairing the damage.
Jake and his dad are going fishing together. They load the boat into the lake and take off. After laps around the lake, they didn't catch any fish. Jake is mad, until he realizes he's there for his dad, not the fish. Jake and his dad hang up the poles, and talk until it's dark.
Raymond had a very big mirror. In fact, it was taller than him. One morning, Raymond decided he was going to move the mirror. Then, he realized that he had forgotten the mirror in his car. Finally after getting the mirror, Raymond was able to put it away.
Todd went with his friends to hang out. They were really hungry so they went to get burgers. Todd got a double cheeseburger and a milkshake. He ended up getting sick right after. He puked in the bathroom.
Marcy asked her boyfriend to buy her a pizza online. She lived far away from him, and was hungry. She heard a knock on the door, and it was a large pepperoni pizza. Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him. Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza.
Madison and Max were about to catch a flight. They didn't have a lot of time to get to the airport. Madison thought that they needed some snacks. Max agreed so they stopped at a store. They managed to barely make it on time.
Lester has been looking for a job for months. After several interviews but no job offer, he feels discouraged. A friend tells Lester that he will look professional if he shaves. Lester shaves his beard, hoping to improve his chances. He is hired after his next interview.
Sandy was feeling hot. Her air conditioning was broken at her home. Sandy went to the store and bought a fan. She used her fan to circulate air in her home. Sandy felt refreshed with a cooler home.
The boy had his wisdom teeth removed. His mouth was stuffed with gauze. His speech was garbled. He asked for pudding. But the nurse thought he said pillow.
Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day. It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day. After volleyball practice she noticed her heart was racing. She figured it was from the physical activity. She was scared when it was still racing 20 minutes later.
Tom had an argument with his mother. He didn't want to clean his room. He yelled at his mother for an hour. He then felt really bad. He decided to clean his room and apologize.
I noticed a huge alligator swimming in our canal behind our house. There was a small duck swimming towards the alligator. I held my breath, waiting for the inevitable to happen. The duck swam closer and closer towards the gators mouth! The alligator slowly turned away from the duck, swimming away.
Brad walked towards his teacher's desk. He asked if she can staple a few papers. When the teacher pressed the stapler. It landed on Brad's finger. He ended up with a bruise.
Jim walked into a bank and noticed a man in a hood. The man drew a weapon and demanded money from the clerk. Jim walked behind him and quickly disarmed the man. The bank clerk was very thankful. Jim then drew his own weapon, and demanded money.
My roommate had been depressed since his girlfriend dumped him. Today, I was taken back by how happy he suddenly seemed. In good spirits he informed me that home is where the heart is. I confess, though, it still makes me slightly uneasy. The way he laughed and looked at the floorboards as he said it.
I played online chess yesterday. I am a 1400 rated player. My opponent was a 1700 and was favored to win. I was able to draw a game with him, gaining points. I signed off after my lucky game.
John and his buddies were pumped. They were all going deep sea fishing. They set off from the dock and went out on the water. John ended up catching a big fish and so did some of his friends. They all had a blast deep sea fishing.
Betty died and left her house to her grandkids. They were very happy to have it. They were going to sell it and keep the profits. It took almost a year to get the house sold and get money. They were so relieved to finally have the money.
Jason is worried about his internet speed. He finds it very slow. Jason does research about alternatives. He decides to subscribe to a new service. Finally, the new internet service is installed.
I was driving around a neighborhood. I saw my friend outside his house. He had a large hose. Water was coming out if it. He was draining his pool.
The man was in the dark. He looked for a flashlight. He could not find one. He became frightened. The power came back on in five minutes.
Darryl loved poker, and thought he was great at it. He challenged his cousin Joe to a game, and won easily. Darryl bragged to all their family and friends about his win. When they next played, Darryl thought he had it in the bag. But Joe had been practicing, and he soundly trounced Darryl.
Kate was shopping at the mall. She saw an amazing purse. It was so far out of her budget! She decided it was worth it to spend the money. Kate would have to eat Ramen for a month but she had a new purse!
My doctor was having a discussion with me. She recommended an increase in my pill dosage. I refused since it was a large increase. We continued to argue to several more minutes. On the bright side, we made an agreement.
Fred had a job as a tree cutter. One day, Fred wasn't paying attention when cutting a tree. The tree fell on Fred and he broke his arm. He had to go to the hospital. Fred got a cast on his arm but eventually recovered.
I live in a small neighborhood. I had a friend over recently. That friend stayed over. The next morning, my neighbor came rushing over and wanted details. Now, I go over to my friend's house.
My family and I were planning on going to Hawaii for a trip. I had never been on a plane before, so I was very nervous. We boarded the plane and I took my seat. The engine started roaring and all of a sudden we took flight! The experience was very scary, but at the same time, it was so fun!
Candace, a pregnant woman, was shopping at the store. She was leaning down to grab a box when she felt something painful. Soon she was feeling full blown contractions. Suddenly, she realized she was out of time and the baby was imminent. She ended up giving birth in the store!
Carl was walking near a pond. He looked down into the water. There he saw a large frog. He reached down to touch the frog's back. It leaped away from him before he could make contact.
Billy fell down from a ladder in his home. His arm hurt badly and looked funny. Billy's wife drove him to the ER. Billy needed to have X-rays done. The doctor confirmed that his arm was broken.
Brad wanted to impress his dad. His dad wanted him to be a baseball star. Brad worked very hard to everyday. Brad joined his local team. He became a star for his team.
Greg needed some time to get away. He was going to take up a new sport. He thought it over and decided golf would be relaxing. He went out and played a few holes at his local country club. Greg grew to love golfing and is now his favorite thing to do.
Alex has been in love with a girl for years. He broke her heart not that long ago. After realizing what he lost, he tried to find her. He asked around, but he found out she moved away. Alex became heartbroken for messing it up.
Nic fell and cut his cheek. He was unhappy about the stitches in his face. He thought he'd have a bad scar. But the stitches came out and Nic was surprised. His wound had faded so much, the scar wasn't noticeable!
Dylan was dying of cancer. Dylan was laying on the hospital bed. Dylan's parents held his hand. Dylan said his final goodbye. Dylan died from the cancer.
We just got a new rug. It was very plush. Our cat started playing with the edge. My wife yelled at the cat. She ran away.
I have a confession. I was driving along in the rainy the other day. I saw some pedestrians on the side of the road -- passing a puddle. On a whim I swerved to blast through that puddle and splash them. My guilt is mitigated somewhat by the memory of their shocked faces!
Kelly got her nails done the other day. They looked perfect. She was amazed. Unfortunately she chipped them. Kelley had to get them redone all over again.
After Gustav had won the strong man challenge, the owner spoke to him. The owner explained that the strong man wanted to retire. He offered Gustav a job as the circus strong man. Gustav accepted the job. He went home and packed his things.
The salesman bought a copy of the newspaper and began to read. The weather section called for a great amount of rainy this week. The salesman pulled out his phone and began to dial. He made an order for a few hundred umbrellas. When the rainy came, the salesman made a lot of money.
Sue was great at making cornbread. This time she decided to make mexican cornbread. She bought all the ingredients. She followed her recipe. Sue did everything perfectly except she let the bread burn.
Bill was a competitive speller. He had won every spelling bee since he was six. All he needed was to spell one more word for his tenth win. Bill ended up spelling the word dwelling incorrectly He's now left sitting there all day, dwelling on the fact he lost.
I was watching television when a breaking news story came on. A woman had driven her car off a bridge and was being rescued. I had a bad feeling until I recognized her as my neighbor Cathy. I felt very scared for her because she had always been so nice. I was grateful when she was rescued and returned home the next week.
I woke up and got out of bed. I dragged a comb across my head. I went downstairs and drank a cup. I looked up and noticed I was late. I ran to the bus and just made it.
Amy was one of Santa's Elves as a part time seasonal job. On day at work the line for kids to see Santa was extra long. Amy tried to keep the cranky kids entertained and handed out treats. One kid threw a partially eaten lollipop at Amy's head. She ended up having to cut her hair to remove the sticky lollipop.
Angelina noticed that she couldn't see things as clearly as before. She wore her glasses almost all day. Sometimes she also wore her contacts. She decided to see if reading glasses would help with her vision. Now Angelina can see things clearly again.
Lana was married to Freddie for 2 Years. She was very unhappy. She decided to leave for awhile and find herself. She traveled to India and stayed for a month. When she returned, Freddie had moved out.
Mark loved to read. One day Mark discovered the town library. Mark thought he died and went to heaven. In the library, Mark tried reading every book. Now Mark works at the library because he loves reading!
Jon wanted to go to the park. He asked his mother if he could go. She said no. He decided to sneak out. He took the bus to go to the park.
Jeremy loved playing video games. He had just bought a space shooter game. It was well past his bedtime, but the game was too addicting. The next morning, Jeremy could barely crawl out of bed. It was very hard to stay focused for the rest of the day.
Tom was a model employee. He did a good job and didn't miss any days. One day his job was downsizing. Tom was let go in the process. Tom never knew why he was chosen.
Jase was hungry. He wanted a sandwich. But it was almost midnight! He had to drive almost an hour to find an open restaurant. As he ate his sandwich, he decided it was worth the trip!
Susie was unhappy. She did not want to be in her relationship anymore. She didn't think her boyfriend was attentive. She decided to break it off. Susie was happy to break it off.
Alicia found out she was pregnant again. She could not believe it. She was not even married. She called her mother in tears. It was not easy but she decided to give it up for adoption.
Jill found an old house on the property that she bought. Jill decided to fix up the house and live in it. Jill hired a contractor and the work started. Jill watched as the run down house turned into a palace. Jill was so happy when she moved into the house.
Irene was supposed to clean her apartment that day. Except she didn't want to. She was procrastinating when a friend showed up at her door. They spend the whole afternoon together having fun. When her friend left, Irene was energized and cleaned her apartment.
Steffi and Kyle lived together and loved each other passionately. They had arguments sometimes, but they were usually quickly resolved. One particular argument became extremely heated. Kyle slapped Steffi in the face. Although Kyle was remorseful, Steffi moved out and never returned.
Beth is baking cookies for her daughter's party. She starts with putting the dough on the pan. Then she adds the chocolate chips. She then puts the cookies in the oven. Busy with cleaning she forgets the cookies and burns them.
Roy was a prized fencer from Germany. He practiced his skills with the rapier even while at home. One day, he got carried away and tore up the curtains. His mother was infuriated and made him purchase new ones. Now Roy practices only in the back yard.
Bill saw tadpoles in the pond by his house. He thought they were adorable! He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger. Soon the tadpoles lost their tails and grew bigger. Before long, Bill's tadpoles all morphed into frogs!
Lucia wanted a hobby. She decided to take up knitting. She enrolled in a knitting class. Little did she know she would make a best friend there. They were friends ever since.
Todd was vacationing in New York and needed to charge his phone. He quickly realized that he could not plug in his phone charger. Todd went down to the concierge and asked for assistance. The concierge gave Todd a power adapter to use. Todd went back to his room and was able to charge his phone.
Ducky loved her boat. She went out on the water every day. One day it was very stormy. Ducky went out on the water anyway. Ducky's boat sank and she was never seen again.
Marie was at a trade fair. She saw a cool booth for left-handed products. She was left-handed and had never seen anything like that. She checked out the booth. She ended up buying some cool little gadgets.
A child was kicking Morgan's seat on an airplane. She was very annoyed. She told the parents to stop the child. But the parents got annoyed. As a result, Morgan had a terrible plane ride.
Roy always took the same route to go home after school. One day he was robbed by a thief on his usual route. He decided to find a new route home. He found a new route that was faster. He now walks with friends and his new route is much safer.
The Gray family took a trip to a New Jersey beach. John and MaryKate went for a dip in the rolling surf. Brian read on the beach, and was the first to hear a loud noise. At first it sounded like waves crashing against the shoreline. All three children soon realized it was thunder and ran for cover.
Pat loved walking barefoot outside in the summer. One sunny day she walked barefoot through the grass in the back yard. She didn't notice the bee buzzing around the clover in the grass. The bee stung her on the toe! Pat decided to wear shoes next time.
Lenny heard chirping as he walked by the holly tree in his yard. He looked down and saw a baby bird on the ground. He carefully lifted it up and placed it in the nest with two others. He was worried the mother bird would reject this baby. But shortly after she came back with worms and fed all three of them.
Our building concierge joseph is from Kenya. One day he left suddenly. His company sent a replacement who said he would be gone for two weeks Joseph returned today and said his mother had died suddenly. I gave him my condolences.
Daisy loved to stack dominoes. One day she decided to make a domino tower. However, she made a mistake while stacking them. She accidentally knocked the bottom of her tower with her knee! All of her hard work and patience lay in ruin on the floor.
It was Kim's first hurricane since she moved to Florida. Since the hurricane was to be strong Kim needed to evacuate her home. She was new in town and didn't know many people. A friend from work suggested she stay with her. Kim was happy to have a friend she could count on.
Brandon was on a date. His date ordered some tea. He poured the tea badly and spilled it on himself. He was very embarrassed. His date found it cute though.
Laura hate her English teacher. She was always rude to Laura so Laura acted out. Mrs Borken scheduled a parent conference with Laura's dad. Laura's dad and Mrs Borken hit it off instantly. Laura now hates her English teacher and new stepmom.
I had a shirt on. I was playing outside with my friends. I fell in a puddle of mud. My shirt got very dirty. I had to change into another shirt.
Ella wanted a kitten, and she had finally convinced her parents. They went to all the pet stores in town, cat shopping. But none of those cats were quite right for her! Finally Ella visited the local animal shelter. There, she found the perfect soft, loving little kitty!
Tom was late to pay the rent. He told them that he had mailed the check in. The rental place didn't believe him. Tom had to take in another check in person. He called in to cancel the lost one.
Tom and Susan decided to go kayaking on their honeymoon. Susan was nervous because Tom had a lot more experience paddling. To make Susan laugh, Tom stood up in his kayak and struck a pose. Susan told Tom to sit back down, and he turned to do so. But suddenly Tom slipped, belly flopping into the river.
Sherry had always wanted to take a cruise but couldn't afford it. As she got older the dream of a cruise seemed to die. One year for her birthday her family gave her a special gift. She opened the box and there were tickets for a cruise inside. She had the time of her life and would never forget the adventure.
Jennifer loved to apply cream on her skin. One day, the skin caused an irritation. She rushed to doctors to find out what was happening. The doctor stated that she applied cream too frequently. Now Jennifer puts on cream once every week.
He never thought he'd make it to 18. He'd always suffered from depression since he'd been bullied young. He wasn't really suicidal, but assumed it would happen eventually. The kept him from taking anything too seriously, because why? Now he's 31, doesn't want to die, but his options are very limited.
Abby was excited for her sweet 16 birthday party at the hotel. She got all her friends together and they got a suite at the hotel. Abby and her friends got together in the room and watched a movie. The concierge then brought the cake upstairs for the girls to enjoy. Abby took a slice of the chocolate cake and fell into heaven.
Mary applied for admission to a prestigious private high school. The high school was an arts academy. Mary waited two months to hear back. Mary was admitted to the school. Mary was able to pursue her passion for ceramic sculpture.
Tammy started her car. One of the lights flashed on. She looked at her dashboard. A message popped up. One of her tires had low air.
Terry was at the local fair. They had a cake walk. He decided to join. He had never won anything before. He continued that streak by not winning the cake walk.
Gina had to get her phone back before her mom found out. But the teacher insisted a parent had to pick it up. Gina called her friend Pam who had also had a phone taken. Pam told Gina the teacher would never return her phone. Gina hung up more depressed than ever.
Jason disliked dill pickles. one day there were pickles served at the dinner table. Jason refused to eat a dill pickle. His mom forced him to eat a pickle before he could leave the table. He eventually ate the pickle.
George was trying to break into a store. He needed to break the glass with his fist. He wrapped his fist in wrappings and punched. His wrist scraped against the glass and he started bleeding profusely. George called an ambulance and went to the hospital.
Henry recently got a job driving an armored truck. He drives with a partner and they transport large amounts of money. The money goes in ATMs and to stores that need this much currency. Henry thinks the job is fun and interesting. It's exciting to drive around with more than $1 million in the truck.
Amy found a nest of tiny eggs in her backyard. Each day she watched a big bird sit on the eggs. In the mornings she would check to see if they had hatched. Finally, one morning she crept over, and there were no eggs. Instead she found five tiny baby birds peeking!
Leo rarely got off the couch from his video games. One day his friend came by with a couple young ladies. The girl named Sara said Leo was cute but a little too lazy. Leo jumped off the couch and threw away his game console. Today he loves to travel & sightsee with his girlfriend Sara.
Joe was bowling with his friends while there was a storm outside. During his turn the lights flickered and then went out. Joe decided to cheat during this blackout. He took another ball and rolled them at the same time. The lights came back on during his deceit and he was ashamed.
I was very hungry and wanted to eat dinner. I decided to go eat at a local burger place. I ordered a burger with bacon and cheese. The burger took a long time and never came after a hour. I asked for my money back and just ate a bag of chips instead.
John decided to go to swim. He drove 3 miles to the swimming pool. He found out the swimming pool was closed today. He went to a supermarket instead. He bought some snacks.
Phil really likes to eat. Because of this, Phil decided to become a chef. He likes to cook many different foods. Phil opens up a restaurant near his home. Phil's restaurant does very well.
Ina wanted to produce a music album. She booked some time in a recording studio. Every day she went in and sang. When she finished, she sent the album to companies. She was glad she'd gotten studio time to record her album.
Tom's mother encouraged him to eat more for breakfast. But Tom was reluctant. He ate eggs, bagels, and cheese. But he felt too full and bloated afterwards. Tom was annoyed at his mother.
Mark had lost his dog over a month ago. He missed his dog very much. One evening while mowing the lawn he notices something. He sees a dog in the street that looked like his lost dog. It turns out to be his lost dog who had returned home.
John was eating dinner. The food was very spicy. He looked around for his drink. He then remembered that he hadn't poured a drink yet. He quickly got up and poured something to drink.
Ella knew she needed to slim down. But her willpower was terrible! She could never manage to stick to a diet in her own. Then Ella joined a kind friendly support group. With their help, she dropped ten pounds in a month!
Dave went out to play with his friends. He met them at the park. It started raining so they had to stop. They all went to Dave's house to continue to play. When it stopped raining, they went back out to play.
When he noticed dark clouds Bob checked the weather app on his phone. A big snowstorm was headed his way. Bob was very prepared at home. He decided to get home before it hit. Bob got home safe because he had received advanced warning.
It was Kay's first time attending a concert. She was ushered to the backstage area! She was so excited! She got to meet the band and get autographs. It was one of the best nights of Kay's life!
Tom was at a garage sale. He found a vintage video game system. It was in mint condition and at a great price. Tom bought it on the spot. He resold it on ebay for profit.
Jim thought his front yard was very ugly. He bought some grass and flower seeds. He cleared away the trash and planted the seeds. He watered the seeds every day and they began to sprout. Two months later, Jim had the prettiest yard on the block.
Tom stayed out late with his friends. He had to be at work the next morning at six in the morning. Tom ended up only getting two hours of sleep. He drank an entire red bull on the drive to work. The caffeine helped Tom get through his shift.
I was driving down the road at night. My tire suddenly blew out. I got out to change it. I looked up and saw what looked like a cougar. It was standing in the woods staring at me.
Alma was cooking dinner. Her daughter called her. She said she was coming over for dinner. Alma added food to her pot. Alma was able to have enough food to serve.
Yesterday I was driving to the store. Everything was going fine. Unfortunately however, my car broke down. I then decided to call repairs. Thankfully they sent someone on their way.
My dad and I are going to hike a mountain today. We have packed a huge lunch. We are going to drive all the way out to the trailhead. Using our map, we followed the trail five miles. My dad and I finally made it to a mountain lake to go fishing!
Jen was great at cooking biscuits. She woke up one morning to cook homemade biscuits. As she was mixing the ingredients, she dropped the salt. She didn't think she spilled too much. When they were done cooking, she tasted them and they were awful.
Stanley visited the public pool and went for a him. Since his hair was wrong, it got tangled beyond repair. His dad didn't like his hair at all. He took Stanley to the barber shop. The barber chopped off all of his hair.
Allie didn't own many purses, but was attached to the few she had. She had a particular favorite that she carried with her almost daily. Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that couldn't be fixed Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping. She missed her old purse, but began to love the new one just as much.
Kane and his friends were having a Halloween party. Kane's little sister suggested they play Bloody Mary. Kane was a year older, so he had to agree even though he was scared! They all went into the dark bathroom and said her name thrice. Then, before anything had a chance to happen-everyone ran in terror!
Mike was in the car on the highway. Suddenly, a girl rode her bike out in front of him. Mike swerved and his car slid along a wall. Mike's leg was crushed and in a lot of pain. When he got to the hospital, they saw that it had been broken.
Maya had always wanted a hobby to keep her busy after work. On the way home from work one day she bought a beer brewing kit. The brewing instructions were complicated but she worked very hard. Finally Maya's first batch of beer brewed at home was complete. She was so happy that she found a hobby.
Reuben worked for a retirement home. His job was to drive residents on group outings to the mall. One day one of the elderly residents got separated from the group. Reuben found her riding her motorized scooter in the parking lot! Reuben got her safely back to the retirement home.
There was an office of Social Workers in Nevada. All the women there dress in black everyday except for one. One day the woman who didn't dress in black wore all white. Everyone was stunned at this woman wearing white. Now the women wear other colors like blue and green.
The family gathered around the table. They were going to play a new board game. They tried to figure out the rules, but it was so confusing! They finally gave up. They played Monopoly instead.
I picked up my paycheck after work. I hurried to get to the bank before it closed. A man walked behind my car as I pulled out. I didn't see him and almost hit him. I apologized and sped off to the bank.
Ethan was approached to do sales. He agreed to it. He moved to Oklahoma. He sold pest control. He came home early.
Steve was excited about his job interview. He arrived early, waited with nervous anticipation. In the meeting, his potential new employer, Ted, was brusque. Deflated, Steve left, sure he had no chance but later, Ted called. Ted apologized, saying he had a toothache, and offered Steve the job.
Kate was at her garbage can on a dark night. And a raccoon was standing near the can. It started to come towards her. Kate turned and ran to the house hoping it wasn't behind her. Once inside was relieved to see it hadn't followed her.
I wanted to go see a show in town. I walked to the train station. But the train was late. When the train arrived it was running as an express. So I got to town in time to see the show.
My girlfriend drug me to the opera with her. I did my best to follow what was happening. Despite my efforts I was bored and fell asleep. My snoring was so loud it annoyed the whole row. An usher shook me awake and politely asked me to leave.
Janice was happy when she came into the prom ceremony. She came with her boyfriend and they instantly started to dance. The DJ gave us a special shout out and played a song of our choice. After several hours, we got together with a few friends. We went to dinner together.
I climb a mountain behind my house. For the first time in my life I actually saw a bear. The bear stare at me. I was so sacred. Luckily, the bear left me.
Tom had a blind date. He was nervous about it. He got to the restaurant early and started drinking. After a while he had too many glasses of wine. Tom was drunk by the time his date got there.
Trevor wanted to play blues guitar but he had no sorrow. He asked his girlfriend to dump him and his boss to fire him. They refused and he was miserably happy. Trevor tried to sing the blues about his happy life. The tune sounded okay but the soul just wasn't there.
I wanted to go to Guam. But, I was scared of airplanes. So, I decided to take a boat. Alas, the boat capsized in the middle of the pacific Ocean. Luckily, I was saved by the Navy!
Wesley was a short little boy that loved to play baseball. Wesley practiced hard every day. When Wesley tried out for the team the other boys teased him. Wesley had practiced so much that he had no problems at tryouts. Wesley made the team, even though he was so short!
Dan was awakened by a sudden heat in his apartment. At first, Dan thought the electricity had went out. However, upon looking, Dan realized his AC stopped working. Dan immediately called the landlord to rectify the issue. Dan was not pleased that his air conditioner had broken.
Kara's cat seemed sick. It had been acting strangely all week. She took the cat to the vet to get checked out. The vet discovered that the cat was healthy but pregnant! Kara soon had a litter of kittens to take care of.
Due to my medication, my face broke out in acne. Although my zits were painful, I didn't touch them. Many people ridiculed me while I was in school. They called me several names and made jokes. I was embarrassed but I continued to be silent.
I went to the zoo when I was 9 Year's old. My favorite animal at the time was the zebra. After seeing the zebra exhibit, we moved on to see the monkeys. There was one monkey in particular who was very cute and friendly. He was so friendly looking, monkeys became my new favorite animal.
After I moved from Florida to Alabama, my mom got me a lizard. I decided to name my gecko Rhaegar, he was blue and orange in color. We went to the pet store with Rhaegar in a box so we could buy a tank. He ended up needed a dessert type tank, and a very large one at that. According to the sales associate he would grow to be a foot long.
I went to the store to buy new clips for my necklace. I found an assortment of colors and styles. The lady who worked there told me which ones she liked best. I smiled, knowing she was showing preference for expensive items. I walked away having bought something economical and pretty.
The man saved a fellow soldier. He was given a special medal. He always wore the medal. He was mugged at gunpoint. The thief took his medal.
Carrie was trying to read her library book. Her little brother poked her. After Carrie ignored him, he pulled her hair. Her persistent brother then started to tickle her. Carrie decided to take a break from her book to play with her brother.
I am sitting at a desk. I turned on the computer. There was a picture of a monkey on it. I clicked on the picture of the monkey. I saved it as the background.
I was at my favorite burger joint. There was a gigantic line. I was really bored. I decided to listen to music to pass the time. The music made it so that the wait wasn't so bad at all.
Mavis was the teller at the bank. She always greeted everyone with a smile. After her husband died Mavis became sad. After awhile she met someone and remarried. Mavis is now happy again.
Rick didn't like wasting gas driving to nearby places. So he bought a bicycle. He used his city's bike path. And he enjoyed beating traffic. Rick ended up using his bike more than his car.
Amy went to a gallery to see an art exhibit. While admiring the paintings, she was overpowered by a strong scent. She saw a woman nearby who reeked of the perfume. The smell was so strong it made Amy feel queasy. Amy had to leave because the smell infiltrated the whole place.
Jane took his boyfriend to a carnival. They walked around to explore different attractions. One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game. He said that they can win a prize for hitting a bottle with a ball. On Jane's first attempt, she knocked out the bottle.
Laura has had pain while chewing food for months. She decides to visit her dentist to discuss it. Her dentist tells her that she needs to get braces. At first Laura isn't happy because she doesn't like how braces look. However, when the pain goes away, she is glad for the braces.
Warren was a jazz pianist. He was playing at a local jazz club. One of the patrons asked for an encore. Warren decided not to keep playing and walked away. The patron got angry and complained to the manager.
Terry was in school. He got his grades for the semester. He failed. He was very upset. He was determined to try harder.
Ferdinand decides that he wants to try picking apples at the orchard. He brings a basket to collect the apples and drives to the orchard. At the orchard he picks many delicious apples. He takes the apples home with him to eat another time. Ferdinand is very happy that he went apple picking.
Fenton took out his wallet and flashed his badge. The street punks tried to run but Fenton grabbed one by the jacket. He pushed him up against the wall and told him he better cooperate. The kid told him that his suspect was hanging around there earlier. Fenton looked to his left and saw a kid running past him.
Sam was walking home on a hot day. He decided to take a break. He rested under a tree and fell asleep. He woke up to sirens. Someone thought he was hurt.
Jimmy was a guest of honor at a banquet. He was the mayor of the city of Lamour. His nemesis Christian got up to give a speech. He started playing a video instead. It was a video of an affair Jimmy had with a woman not his wife.
Mary had a precious ring that use to belong to her mother. One day she misplaced the the precious ring. She searched all over the house and could not find it. Still determined she decided to retrace her steps. She then found the ring in the backyard and was overjoyed.
Faith took her cousins for a ride in her car. She let their dog, Pippin, come along too. After driving around for a while they drove by the graveyard. From the driver's seat Faith took a picture out the passenger window. The picture was of the dog but his name was inscribed on a headstone.
Teddy and his friends were playing videogames together. They decided to order pizza. They were all very hungry. They decided that Supreme pizzas offer the best value. They ordered supreme pizzas and were very happy.
Sam was out driving one night and a deer jumped out in front of him. He tried to swerve, but he couldn't avoid it. Sam awoke to see his legs mangled and feared he'd never walk again. Months went by and he performed all types of therapy to try to walk. Finally six months after the accident he stood to take his first step.
Tom liked working on his car. He fixed it up to go faster. He took it to his local track. Tom had fun doing several races. He won and lost and wanted to keep going.
My father-in-law asked me to help with a project. He needed all the rocks under his deck to be moved. These rocks looked small but each scoop of them was very heavy. We dug rocks all day and it left me feeling exhausted by the end. The next morning I was very sore and realized that I am out of shape.
Mike and Jake were trying to make Sally happy. She said she would be said forever, since her boyfriend left. So they took her to her favorite restaurant. They told the waiter it was her birthday, so they brought a cake. It wasn't her birthday, but they got a cake, Sally cracked a big smile.
John was offered a new position at work. The position paid more but was in a different state. John took the weekend to consider it. On Monday he met with his boss. John said he would take the new job.
I was with some friends in Colorado Springs. We learned how to line dance. There are certain motions that you do over and over. Our group danced for a few minutes. After that we were tired.
Ryan worked very hard in the weight room to play football. He learned the playbook and attended all team meetings. As he got better he began getting scholarships. He is offered a scholarship from his favorite school. He ends his recruitment and commits to the school.
A cat was stuck in a tree. A woman who lived on the street saw the cat. She called the fire department. The fire department was able to get the cat down. The cat's owners were very thankful the cat was rescued.
We lived in a condo in Brighton, MA for several years. Our car was parked in front of our window. We had an old Chevy Chevette. One night i saw a thief steal a car next to ours. The car was a new Audi.
Nelson was walking to school. He didn't notice a crack on the sidewalk and fell. His left arm was dislocated from his arm. In addition, his phone fell down a drain. An old lady noticed and tried to help him out.
Laurence went ice fishing. He sat in the cabin cold and bored. He suddenly got a large bite. He pulled up the fish. A seal popped its head out of the hole in anguish.
Gina's grandma's closet had been closed for Years. Now it was open once again. She looked through all the lovely clothes from eras past. Gina wanted to take time to try on the clothes. But they were packing for a move, and there was no time.
Remi was a very cautious driver. He always buckled his seatbelt. But he was so cautious that he went way to slow on the highway. And when the car hit him he was injured despite his seatbelt. Since then, he tries to go above the slow limit to avoid an accident.
Meredith wanted a Barbie doll house for Christmas. Her parents told her not to expect one. She hoped that Santa would bring her one anyways. On Christmas morning, she rushed downstairs. Her very own Barbie house was under the tree!
Ali was on the bus going to the museum with her class. her friend June talked to her about the trip. All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl. The bully would be at the museum as well. June assured Ali she was being paranoid and suggest she relax.
Tim loved gadgets. He wanted to learn about new gadgets. He decided to visit an electronics store. He went to Best Buy. He learned about many new gadgets and loved the store.
Tim was heating up food for lunch. He used the break room microwave. He messed up and put too much time on. After a while it overheated and blew up. The office had to be evacuated.
Tom was riding his bicycle. He hit a bump and broke his chain. Tom could no longer ride it. He had to push it all the way home. Tom eventually replaced the chain.
Jack raised his 3 kids all on his own. When his oldest was in high school he got married. They were a large family and very happy. Jacks kids started to be upset with him. Jack no longer had a relationship with his kids.
In 1959, my mother purchased a painting by Picasso in a Berkeley shop. She had to get the okay from Dad because it was 25 bucks! It was featured prominently in our home for over 50 Year's. Mom and dad are gone, so I have it now. I not only have a great story, but it's featured in my own home.
Paul took his son to school. But he forgot to give him a lunch. So his son shared food with his friend. But the food made him sick. And Paul never let his son eat school food again.
Kelly had her friend, Ron, over for dinner one night. She served meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and creamed corn. Ron immediately asked for the salt and pepper shakers. Kelly felt that he was insulting her cooking, but gave him the salt. Ron ate enthusiastically, and asked for second helpings.
Neil was visiting Hungary. He was having a great time! He ate lots of Hungarian cuisine. Neil was stuffed full of food the whole time. He knew he would love his memories of Hungary!
Latoya wanted to buy Samia a pet. Samia wanted a dog. Latoya wanted a fish. They agreed to go to a pet store. An hour later they decided to buy a goldfish.
Tom argued with Ana throughout the night since a random guy called her Tom had to drive her home however, it wasn't easy for him. Ana spoke in a loud tone and was rude. Therefore, Tom stopped the car in the middle of the road. He told Anna to get out.
Sam was cleaning his house. He was scrubbing the floors when he saw a spider. He screamed in terror. Afterwards he grabbed a magazine and swatted the spider. The spider died instantly.
Ken and his friends were playing beach volleyball. Then an unlucky spike sent their ball floating into the waves! A child offered the guys his blow-up beach ball. Ken and his friends tried, but the beach ball did not work at all! They returned the kid's ball with regretful thanks.
Jerry had to call his insurance company. They responded with a bot. He needed to talk to a person. Nobody allowed him through. He was upset.
When I found the Christmas Friendship Ball I knew it was for us. We exchange it once a year, so have to keep in touch. We really only have to buy a present every other year for each other You have always been hard to buy presents for. This is why exchanging the Christmas ball is perfect for our friendship
Ana woke up one night to a loud noise. The fire alarm was going off! She hurried out to the lawn. There, she and her family waited while firefighters rushed in. They managed to put the fire out and save the house.
Shawn ran out of dog food. His dog was hungry. Shawn went to the store. Bought dog food. Went home to fed his dog.
Jack was rowing in a canoe with his friend Rose. The sun was shining and the water was calm. It seemed like the perfect day for a canoe ride. Suddenly, Jack noticed his shoes were wet. The canoe had sprung a leak.
I challenged Rachel to a race. The race was 50 meters long. She accepted and we took off. Rachel beat me. I am so embarrassed, I need to practice for next time.
Helga had bought a brand new car many years ago. At the time, it was a very nice car. However, decades later it has started to fall apart. There are hole in the floorboard and rust everywhere. Helga finally decided to let go of the car.
Yesterday I went on my first coaster. I was very nervous. I sat in the ride and shut my eyes. When we took off I screamed at the top of my lungs. I was terrified.
Ina and her boyfriend Tio had been dating for eight years. Lately things had been rough, so when he asked her out, she sighed. She was sure they were going to break up that evening. But instead, Tio said he wanted to make things work with Ina! He said he had already scheduled, and paid for, couples counseling!
Lucy was at Mary's house. They were playing in the yard. Mary's brother began hitting a ball with a bat. Lucy asked him to hit the ball far from them. He hit the ball across the yard hitting Lucy in the face.
Lea was walking home from her boyfriend's house. It was dark outside. Lea heard a strange noise in the bush. Lea was scared and called her boyfriend. He arrived to walk Lea home.
Oliver had a dog named Auri. Auri was his best friend since he was very young. She had a heart condition that made it hard for her to play roughly. Oliver was very careful with her as he grew up. Auri lived to the old age of 15, despite the heart condition.
Fred decided to visit a river. He donned his swimsuit. He applied his sunscreen. He drove to the riverbank. Rainy weather sent him back home.
Kyle was moving to a new apartment. He needed help moving his furniture. Kyle called a couple of his friends to help. His friends helped him move the furniture. Kyle treated his friends to pizza to thank them.
Kay had a son, who she spoiled. She never gave him consequences for his wrongdoings. When Kay's son got older, he began breaking the law. Instead of correcting him, she helped him hide his crimes. He didn't learn and is now in jail.
Anna was craving fried chicken. Her mom told Anna to do all her chores that week. If they were all done, Anna would get her chicken! So Anna double-checked all her chores and waited for Friday. That night, sure enough, there was fried chicken for dinner!
Lily had gotten a major role in her school's recital. She had been practicing every single day. On the day of the recital she was nervous and scared. When she got on stage she did her best and sung her piece wonderfully. The onlookers stood and clapped admiringly as she smiled and bowed.
Jane was babysitting. She was chasing the child through their yard. Suddenly, she stepped on a rake. Her foot was cut. She called the parents and they came home to help her.
Jordan and Callie were on a walk. They were drinking orange juice from a jug. Suddenly, Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie. A full fight ensued. Soon both girls were covered in sticky juice.
It was the first day of the 6th grade. Gina was excited to see all of her friends. She had the same teacher as the last year. She assumed all the same people would be in her class. She was shocked to see half of the class was new students.
I love dogs. I find it really enjoyable to ask people about their dogs. I started a blog where I post pictures of myself with people's dogs. I write an excerpt about the owner and dog. Now, I get sponsored doing something I enjoy.
Katie just moved into a new apartment. She kept hearing loud noises every night at midnight. Her neighbors were in a band. They practiced every night and she finally had to complain. The neighbors moved out and Katie got to sleep.
Joy was taking care of her baby sister, Lisa. But Joy had to use the bathroom. She left Lisa on her couch. Lisa began crawling off the couch. And while Joy was in the bathroom, she heard Lisa begin to cry.
Ruth was selling her childhood home. She was discussing things with a couple who were serious about buying. They began talking about all of the changes they would make. Ruth started to become upset, and asked them to leave. She decided to keep the house instead.
Andrew tried to push me on the floor. Although I held him down, he kept on fighting. Therefore, I held him horizontally and threw him. He horribly landed on the concrete. He remained on the floor for several seconds.
I participated in a strange experiment. I was asked to shock a man. I didn't want to shock the man. But man in the white lab coat insisted. So I did shock him.
Kevin was a teenager who didn't care about school. His father noticed he was failing all of classes and acting lazy. So he made Kevin get a part time job at a fast food restaurant. Kevin learned that he didn't want to work there his whole life. He decided he was going to work harder in school for a better job.
Barry got a new smartphone. He was really disappointed by the battery life on his phone. He ordered a battery case off of Amazon. Barry got his new case the next day. The battery case improved his battery life by 24 hours.
Jane was out bowling with friends. She had a habit of getting competitive. Jane tried her best to get the highest score. Unfortunately one of her friends was a much better bowler. Jane was annoyed by the end.
I went camping a few weeks ago and saw some bears. My mom told me to stay far away from the bears. We stayed away, but the bears kept getting closer. My mom got very scared. We decided to go camping somewhere else.
Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw. Ziggy's worried owner takes him to the vet. The vet thinks Ziggy has OCD. Ziggy begins to take fluoxetine daily. Ziggy is less anxious since starting the medication.
Recently I bought a new car. I decided to drive my old neighborhood. Seeing the state it is at now made me feel depress. The roads and houses looked terrible. I wish there was something I could do.
Gina had a cool new day bed. She loved it so much she wanted to stay in it all day. Her sisters and brothers had new bunk beds. She complimented them on their beds. But she knew her's was the best.
Jenny wanted to try out for basketball. She practiced every day after school. She worked out with a coach. On the day of tryouts, she was nervous. However, Jenny made the team and was excited.
A little dog wandered up to Kim's house. Kim brought her in the house. She gave her a bath. She then posted lost ads. Kim found the dog's owner.
Olga's husband gave her new diamond earrings for her anniversary. She wore her new earrings to church the next Sunday. Halfway through the service, she realized one earring was missing. After the service ended, she crawled on her hands and knees to look. She was lucky and found her lost earring.
Brianna always looked out for the right guy. She asked out all the guys she liked. But they all rejected her. Brianna gave up in dating. Now she just waits for others to ask her out.
Janice was fed up with not being able to put on weight. Despite eating until she felt sick, Janice could not put on weight. Kelly was an overweight friend of Janice. Kelly told Janice it must be nice to be able to just eat everything. Janice snapped at Kelly and told her she was ignorant.
Samuel was dribbling the basketball towards the hoop. However, he tripped on some sweat on the way there. He ended up landing on his head. The medics immediately took him to the locker room. In addition, they diagnosed him with a head concussion.
Mary loved flowers. She decided to go to the park. She smelled all the flowers growing in the field. She picked a few flowers and brought them home. She placed the flowers in a vase with water.
Kyle had arachnophobia. He entered biology class one day. And the teacher asked everyone to open to page 666. Kyle fell backwards in his chair. And he was taken to the nurse's office.
Today is Ed's birthday. Ed's aunt gave him a gift. He hoped it would be a pair of new rollerblades. He opened the gift and it was a pair of socks. Ed smiled and told her it was a great gift even though he was sad.
My friend built a campfire in front of our tents. We decided to roast a few marshmallows and make s'mores. The wind blew and a spark of fire landed on the tent. The tent caught on fire. I took a bucket of water to extinguish the flames.
Kay met Chad online. Kay and chad grew close. Kay decided to move across the country to live with Chad. Kay rented a Uhaul and drove across the country. Kay now happily lives with Chad.
One day there was a man named Jim walking to the store. On his way his wallet slipped and fell out his pocket. The man behind him picked it up. He kept it instead of telling Jim. The man then went and bought loads of stuff with Jim's money.
Kelly wanted to lose a few pounds. She drew up a diet plan. She followed it every day. She also began working out. In a few weeks she had lost the extra weight!
Jack wanted to learn how to ice skate. So he bought some skates and went to a local ice rink. Jack fell down and broke his leg. His leg took six weeks to heal. Jack vowed to never try skating again.
Sarah was in the third grade. She always made good grades. One day she forgot to study for her spelling test. Sarah missed two words and made a B on her test. She vowed to always write down her assignments in a planner.
Steph was exploring her college campus. She saw an impressive library and decided to go inside. There were brand new books and computers. And it was so large that she got lost. Steph was excited to explore the rest of the buildings at her college.
Abby really likes school. Since she liked school, Abby usually got good grades. But Abby had the ACT coming up and she was very nervous. She studied very hard because she knew this was important. She ended up getting a good score, and a college scholarship!
Her dad was angry that she had left her room. He told her she was grounded and should have stayed put. He said from then on she would need permission to leave her room. She was very angry, but accepted it. She sat gloomily daydreaming about running away.
Bill left his pens on the table. His daughter got to the pens. She decided to draw all over the furniture. Bill couldn't get the ink stains out. Bill had to get his furniture reupholstered.
Kate and Nick moved to North Carolina. Kate was from Arizona, and she didn't like the snow. After one particularly bad winter, Kate wanted to move. Nick wanted to stay, so they decided to compromise. Now they spend winters in North Carolina and summers in Arizona.
Alex went out to eat at a steakhouses with some friends. As soon as he got home Alex felt very sick. He vomited for three hours and had a bad headache. After three hours he suddenly felt better. Alex read online that he had the common symptoms of food poisoning.
Jessie wants to save the planet. She believes global warming is real. One day, she bought cloth diapers for her baby. This keeps diapers out of a landfill. The summer was a little less warm this year.
Lance had a big date tonight. He bought new clothes for the occasion. On the way to the restaurant he spilled coffee all over his shirt. He panicked and searched for a bathroom. His date didn't think anything of it and laughed it off.
There was a boy who wanted to grow tall. His mother told him he should drink lots of milk and do stretches. The boy stretched twice a day and drank milk three times a day. Eventually, the boy grew little by little. Once he was an adult, he was the tallest man in his town!
The family went to the zoo for the holiday. At the urging of the children, they started with the bird exhibit. After that they saw the big cats and the giraffes. The zoo even had penguins, which was a very popular exhibit. By the end of the day they had seen all the animals in the zoo.
I just moved to Las Vegas so I've always wanted to go to a casino. So me and my mom decided on visiting one as soon as possible. We got prepared, and off we went in our car. As we entered all we saw was machine noises and lights everywhere. I sat down, pulled out my wallet and prepared myself to lose money.
Amanda has always loved to cook from scratch. She decided she would bake fresh banana bread. Amanda kneaded the dough after mixing the ingredients. She then left the dough on the counter to let it rise. Amanda served the bread to her friends after it was done.
Jimmy wanted to bake a pie for his birthday. He bought fresh berries and found a recipe. Jimmy baked the pie from scratch. When Jimmy tasted the pie, he realized that he used blueberries. Jimmy hates blueberries so he laughed at his error.
Barney was a great shot. He practice all the time at the range. Barney's friend challenged him to a shoot off. Barney took aim and fired. His friend couldn't match him and Barney won.
Joe and John were walking home from school. It was snowing and John had forgotten his coat. John was cold and started to shiver. Joe let him borrow his hat, gloves, and scarf as they walked. John was grateful for the warmth and they made it home safely.
Ted usually would get hungry way before his lunch time. He wanted to start having breakfast. Ted never had time for breakfast. He started to have a granola bar and glass of milk going to work. He was much less hungry in the morning.
While on my way to work this morning, I got a flat tire. I reached for my cell phone to call triple A. It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home. A kind stranger stopped and offered to help. Unfortunately the spare was used on the other side last week.
Jay went to the cash out counter at the casino. He piled on his chips and slid them over. The worker took them and counted. The worker gave Jay the money he earned. Jay thanked the worker for this.
A burglar broke into Jeff's house. He stole his jewelry and several other personal items. Jeff called the cops and tried to stop the thief. The thief ended up escaping from the house. The cops showed up 5 minutes later\
Todd had been feeling sick recently. He learned that had been poisoned by the water supply from his town. Todd sued his city for physical pain and suffering. Todd and other citizens filed a civil lawsuit against the city. Todd was able to win a million dollars from the case.
Frankie the cat was recently adopted by a nice family of three. They had never had a cat before but they were excited to have Frankie. When Frankie arrived at home he was excited and he started to explore. He jumped and pounced and everything and it scared his new family! They soon got used to Frankie and he was loved by all.
Today is the day of the test. I've been studying for 10 weeks and the day is finally here. I go to the test center early to get prepared. I do one final walkthrough of my materials. Then I take a deep breath and head into the test center.
Kelly was moving across town. She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process. The moving truck arrived early in the morning. To her surprise, everything fit into one load. By the time she got to the place, a lot of her stuff was unpacked.
Yul needed to wrap a gift. He got a roll of wrapping paper out of the closet. Yul cut some paper to fit his box. He taped the paper in place. Yul then stuck a bow on top of the box.
Little Angie wanted a donkey pinata for her party. Her mother looked everywhere, but should could not find one. She decided to make a donkey pinata for Angie. After she made it , she thought that it looked more like a rabbit. Angie didn't mind what it looked like, and she hugged her mom.
Kristie loves to hike. She takes her black lab, Apollo, with her. Yesterday, they hiked over 10 miles. Apollo is exhausted. He won't be ready to hike that far again for a while!
Jimmy was being honored by the academy. He was getting an award for being the newcomer of the year. Jimmy accepted the award in front of the crowd. They all clapped after he spoke. Jimmy felt very honored.
Stewart was very bad at tennis. One day, he said he wanted to become good. He played for three hours every day. He even played tennis in the snow. After many years, he became the best.
Bobby buys a cheap stereo on craigslist. Three weeks later the police show up at his house. They inform him that the stereo is stolen. They ask him some questions, confiscate the stereo and leave. He vows to never buy anything on craigslist again.
Olivia was hosting her birthday party. She had put a ton of work into the party. She excitedly waited but no guests showed up. Soon she was feeling completely devastated. Luckily she realized she had given everyone the wrong time.
Kelly wanted her daughter to be able to go to college. Kelly herself could never attend, but she wanted better for her child. So for 18 years, she saved up every dollar and dime. Then she proudly gave her daughter twelve thousand dollars. The two women wept together at the idea of college!
Cayla wanted her hair cut. So she went and bought a brand new pair of scissors. She looked at pictures on the internet of many desired hairstyles. She decided on a haircut and began cutting her hair. Cayla is now sporting a brand new haircut.
Maddie was at school. Her eye started to itch. She went to the bathroom to look at it. It was completely red. Her teacher sent her home with pinkeye.
There was a little girl named Sophie. She wanted to be a dragon for Halloween. She and her mother went to the store and bought fabric. Sophie's mother used the fabric to make a dragon costume. Sophie had a great time trick-or-treating in her dragon costume.
Stan hated living in a small town. He spent hours working on his resume and applying to jobs. Because of his hard work, he found a job in a big city. Stan was thrilled to leave his small town and start his big city job. After a few months, Stan became homesick for small town life.
Amy liked to do art projects. She painted a wine glass with her name. It turned out so beautifully, she decided to do more. She gave them to friends as gifts. Everyone loved her art work.
My family and I flew to Paris. After the lengthy plane ride, we were happy to see our soft hotel bed! We all had a good long nap, then spent the next few days sightseeing. We enjoyed fine cuisine and lots of museums. After five days, we boarded our return flight home.
Joan was cooking rice for her dinner. As she was cooking she got distracted. All of a sudden she smelled something. She ran in the kitchen and saw the pot smoking. Her rice had run out of water and was burning.
Tim was walking one day. He saw a guy giving out free ice cream. Tim took a huge bowl of it. The taste was so terrible. Tim realized that sometimes free is not a good thing.
Cathy climbed on the bus already exhausted. The bus was packed so she had to stand up. After five minutes, she fell on the ground. Everyone made way to let the driver see what had happened. Cathy had simply fallen asleep, too tired to stand up.
Jenny received a big red flashy balloon for her birthday. She loved it very much and took it with her everywhere. One day a bird flew by directly into her balloon. The balloon popped and the bird was hurt. Jenny lost her balloon but took care of the bird instead.
Jude played the trumpet in his high school band. He wasn't very good. His parents said he couldn't quit because the trumpet was expensive. He quit anyways without telling his mom and dad. They eventually found out and were very angry!
Kathryn was riding bikes with her friend Juanita. Suddenly, Kathryn fell off the bike and scraped hurt her knee. She cried and told Juanita to get help. Juanita biked to her mother's house and explained the situation. It wasn't long before Kathryn was bandaged up and brought home.
Russell was on a cruise with his family. Things appeared to be going well, at first. A few hours in, however, Russell felt queasy. He spent some time leaning over the edge of the boat. The rest of the night was spent lying in bed.
Kara woke up to the loud alarms of smoke detectors going off. She got out of bed. Kara saw smoke coming under her bedroom door. Kara escaped out the window. Kara heard sirens from the fire truck approaching her house.
Since she was little, Abby was very allergic to peanuts. Her dad found out the hard way through a PBJ. One day a friend snuck a peanut into her jelly sandwich. Thankfully her dad was nearby and had an epi-pen to save her. Abby and her dad went home, avoiding disaster.
My husband and I went to the beach for vacation. We enjoyed snorkeling and swimming in the ocean. We also went to a nice seafood restaurant. We relaxed on the sand so long that we both got sunburned. We returned home red and sore but also happy and relaxed.
We went car shopping. I knew what I wanted. I also knew what I could afford. I finally found one that I loved. I bought myself a new car.
My friend had a swimming pool at her house. She held a birthday party for her son next to the pool. A kid who was at the birthday party jumped into the pool. He waved his arms around like he was in trouble. I jumped into the pool and saved him.
Ben was at the park. He was feeling very hot. To cool off, his mom bought him at ice cream cone. The ice cream started melting right away. Soon, the ice cream was all over Ben.
Joe and his friends played hide and seek. Joe was it. Joe tried to find his friends but tripped. He pretended to cry and his friends came over to help. Joe mischievously tagged his friend and ran away.
Kelly was asked out by Dave. He invited her to the skating rink. Kelly agreed. When they got there she forgot how to skate. Luckily Dave was helpful.
Rob's mom refused to buy Mortal Combat. He decided to ask his dad. When his mother found out he asked his dad she was upset. She grounded Rob to his room for a week. Rob decided to sleep away the time.
The man got hit in the eye. His eye swelled until it was shut. He put a cold steak on it. It was his roommates steak. His roommate was angry.
Sarah borrowed her mom's car. She used it to get some things done outside of the house. She lost track of time. She was very late returning the car to her mom. Her mom was very upset with her.
Mike has a geometry test tomorrow. He also has baseball practice. He decided to skip studying. When he got to class, he did not know anything. He made a bad grade on his test.
Liberty Johnson moved in next door to Alex Fields. Liberty had a sumptuous body that Alex admired. He would spy on her from his window. Once Liberty caught him peeking, and undressed for him to watch. Alex was so turned on he passed out.
Ian wanted to visit Dallas. He decided to take a trip there. After a long drive Ian arrived in Dallas. He ate some delicious food there. Ian was happy he had visited Dallas.
I was afraid of bugs all my life. They gave me panic attacks. In college I took a class on insects. I learned they were beneficial in many ways. Now I am not so afraid of bugs.
While at the movie theater Steve misplaced his phone. He went to the help desk and spoke with Sarah, the manager. Steve fell in love with Sarah and forgot all about his phone. She gave him her number and told him to call. Hours later Steve tried to call but forgot he still lost his phone.
David was walking down the street when he felt down. He stood up and saw that his knee was bleeding. He found a handkerchief in his pants and applied it to the wound. He hopped to the nearest pharmacy stifling his pain. He then bought some peroxide and bandages to treat his knee.
Johnny was eating a bag of potato chips while sitting on a couch. As Johnny was digging through the bag he found a unique chip. The chip was unique because it looked like a famous comedian. So johnny decided to save the potato chip instead of eating it. Johnny placed the potato chip in a case and started a chip collection.
Leslie was a new homeowner. She started working on her new bathroom right away. She removed the tile first. There was a lot of mold under the tile. Leslie decided to call in a professional to help her.
Nathan bullied a lot of other boys at school. He found great pleasure in it. One day he bullied the wrong boy and Nathan got a black eye. He went home and his dad bet him even more that night. Nathan knew his violence would never prevent his own abuse.
My friend Marc setup a server for us to play Minecraft on. We all signed on to the game. We started playing together. Before we knew it, four hours had passed. We were having so much fun we didn't realize how long it had been!
Ira wanted to go to the zoo. He asked his mom to take him. She said she would if he was nice to his sister all week. Ira made an effort to treat his sister kindly. At the end of the week his mom took him to the zoo!
Nelly wanted curly hair, because hers was stick straight. She tied her hair in ribbons every night. Then one day her boyfriend told her how pretty her straight hair was! Nelly took his compliment to heart. She never tied her hair into curls again!
Pat and Lindsay had been together for 10 years. One day, Pat decided to bake cookies. He made alphabet shaped cookies and spelled out words with them. He asked Lindsay to marry him by spelling it out with the cookies. Lindsay said yes.
Ronald was parched. He was running a long-distance race through the desert. He thought he'd brought a jug full of water. When he went to take a sip, he saw the jug was empty! He'd grabbed the wrong one!
Tom loved to bike with his friends. One day while biking he ran over a stick. The stick got stuck and caused him to fall. Tom scraped his knee on the ground. He called for his friends to help him.
I ate grass jelly when I was five. My grandfather bought it from Chinatown. It looked like black jello. We added honey to sweeten it. I gave my kids grass jelly when they were five.
Jo decided she needed to lose weight. She went on a diet. However, Christmas was in 2 days. Jo loved Christmas candy. Jo's diet was a failure.
Sam was feeling lazy. He didn't want to get out of bed. He had been out partying the night before. He rested in his bed all day. He felt better the very next day.
My daughter's high school friend went to Foxwoods this weekend. She played the slots. Yesterday she won $1,488 on a game. She posted a photo on FB. We were very envious.
Elle put her new sweater in her laundry basket. Her mom did the laundry as usual. She left Elle's clean clothes on her bed. Elle picked up her new sweater and slipped it on. It didn't fit because it has shrunk in the wash.
Allie was upset. She found out her sister had cancer. Her world was falling apart. Thankfully months later she was better. Allie felt so blessed.
Lily was religious. So she invited her friend to a concert. The concert was Christian. Her friend thought it was weird. So she decided to not go.
One day I woke up and wanted a new puppy. I researched puppies for adoption in my city. I found a great match and went to visit her at her rescue group. I fell in love immediately! Now, I have a five month old puppy who runs the house!
Tameka found an American Express Card on the ground outside. She thought about turning it in, but she wondered did it work? She went to a gas station and bought $40 worth of gasoline. Then she went to a swap meet and bought 2 engagement rings. Her boyfriend came by and she gave him the ring as a gift she bought.
Kyle goes to a private school. He was in a rush this morning. He grabbed his khaki pants. When he got to school, his teacher noticed his pants were not uniform. Kyle received detention and was sent home for uniform violation.
Jennifer watched her child drawing with the crayons. She remembered how she used to love doing that when she was young. She wished she could still have that kind of fun. Her daughter handed her a crayon and asked her to draw. Jennifer decided to take a chance and began to draw.
Dale was playing a game of cards. He felt cocky about his hand. He decided to bet all of his earnings. Turns out he didn't have the best hand. Dale lost all of his money and felt like a fool.
Marsha was making brownies for a dinner party. She put the brownies in the oven and decided to take a shower. In the shower, Martha was distracted by the warm water. Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven. There was no dessert for the dinner party.
Dave entered a hot dog eating contest. He was tall and skinny. He was seated by a large and fat guy. Dave ate 55 hot dogs. Dave won the contest.
I woke up unusually early this morning. The sun was just starting to rise. In the darkness, I saw the first snowfall of the year. The huge flakes were falling slowly and beautifully. I savored the moment while my two children slept nearby.
Tom decided he needed to quit smoking for good. He went cold turkey. No nicotine patches, no gum, nothing to help him. It was very hard, but he was determined. After about two weeks his cravings started to diminish.
Jake needed to give his dog, Zoe, a bath. He filled up the bathtub with water. Jake put Zoe in the water. Jake lathered and rinsed Zoe's fur. Once out of the tub, Zoe shook the water off of herself.
Jack was playing games in the arcade. He put a quarter in the claw machine. He lined the claw up over a giant stuffed pig. The claw dropped down and squeezed the pig. The pig slipped from the claw just as it reached the chute.
Jess was a senior on her high school tennis team. She worked hard everyday by taking private lessons. She was looking forward to the end of the year tournament. She played her best and won the tournament. She earned a college scholarship by winning the tournament.
I love to stay up late and watch late night talk shows. I think the hosts are so funny. I also love to hear what all the celebrities have to say. Lately though I've been real tired at work the next day. I've switched to recording the shows and watching them during the day.
When I was 7, I broke my left arm. I was riding a four-wheeler that was too big for me. It was legal to do so where I was at the time. However, it wasn't a smart decision because I crashed into a tree. One of the bones in my forearm broke, and I got a cast.
Warren went hunting every year. He loved savoring the silence and being close to his surroundings. He never told his friends, but he never killed anything. He bought a dead carcass at the end of his trips and went home. His friends were always impressed but Warren felt like a liar.
My uncle lives on a bay. There is a minimum length for trout. One afternoon he caught a few. They were too small. So he took them in the house.
Stephanie always wanted to get the best scoop. She would stay up light driving around town to find it. One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street. She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop. Her crew found out it was her birthday and offered her a big scoop.
Sandra didn't want to hear that she was crazy. She wanted to keep her job and stay in control of her daughters. But Sandra's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space. But Sandra scolded her over chores and still wouldn't let her drive. One evening Sandra came home to a goodbye note, her daughter ran away.
The team had to score 3 points. The kicker came out to practice. He took his practice kicks. He kicked the ball. He scored the points!
Ryan was at a restaurant. He saw that there was a challenge to eat a giant sundae. Ryan decided to try to break the record. At first, he was doing really well. Before long, though, he became sick and had to give up.
Charlie is having bad luck lately. He sees a penny on the ground and picks it up. He never believed in this whole luke thing. Soon after taking the penny he starts having his luck change. Charlie has one the luckiest days ever and he keeps his lucky penny.
Samantha had a new baby. The baby girl was three days old. The whole family was smitten with the infant. They all came by to see her and bring gifts. The baby was spoiled already.
Rena was walking in the mall. Looking in the store windows, she saw a dress on sale. Rena loved the dress. She decided to buy it the next week. When she returned, the dress was no longer on sale.
Bob needed to take his bed apart. He put the battery for his drill on the charger. He waited impatiently for it to charge. When it was done Bob immediately got started. He found it way easier than doing it manually.
Julie was having a birthday party. She decided to invite all her friends. Her friends were excited. When they got there they loved it. Julie wanted to have another party.
Victor had a passion. His passion was for computers. Victor just loved the computer and its way. He later taught all his friends the wonder of computers. Nowadays, Victor's computer company makes money every day.
A monkey watched a crowd of children walk past his cage. He jumped around for the kids to entice them. One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey. The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment. The kid threw some of his food over the fence to feed the monkey.
Sam wanted to tune his guitar. He tried doing it by ear but it sounded weird. He tried by phone application but it didn't work. Finally a friend tuned it for him. That's when Sam decided to just give up playing instead.
Genie was having a difficult time at work. Her coworkers were outperforming her on a regular basis. She lost all of her confidence, and was desperate to regain it. She decided to shave her head to make a statement. Feeling like a rebel, she returned to work with a renewed spirit.
The man stuck his finger in the hole. He felt a pain on his finger. He pulled it out of the hole. There was a bite on his finger. The bite was from a snake.
Kim was making her famous spaghetti sauce. As she was adding salt, the top came loose. She poured almost the entire container in her sauce. Kim was not able to scoop it all out. Her family promised it was okay but Kim knew it was horrible.
I wanted a sweater I saw at the mall. It was a little too expensive. I went home to think it over. I saw a coupon in the paper for the sweater. I went back and bought the sweater!
Ed is a big fan of trance music. He went to a festival last summer. He had a blast there. However, his girlfriend complained the whole time. She was more into rock and roll.
Billy The Kid was riding into town He was going to rob the local bank The town sheriff had other idea's Billy and his gang were stopped by the Sheriff Billy started to shoot and the shootout began!
Steve wants to be able to dead life five hundred pounds at the gym. He currently can only deadliest about two hundred pounds. He set himself up with a year long plan to reach his goal. He worked hard and ate healthy for a year, making steady progress. A year later Steve was able to deadlift his goal weight!
Though Alicia had never wanted children, she didn't use birth control. She had symptoms indicating she may be pregnant. She made an appointment at her local women's clinic. The medical personnel there told her she wasn't pregnant. Alicia decided to begin using reliable birth control.
Arnold was terrified to get a papercut. Everytime he would do something with a paper he would get cut. One day he had to write an important case on a paper. He felt something weird on his hand. He had a paper cut.
Neighbor boy Ronnie called to ask to use my computer for school work. I said sure and told him to come over. Twelve minutes later he knocked on my door. I asked him in and sat him down at my computer. He got all his homework done and then went home.
When I was younger, my dad played guitar to put me to sleep. As I grew older, I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar. I begged for a guitar, but Dad wouldn't let me play with his. Instead, I looked at beginner guitars online. Later, my dad drove me to the music store so I could buy a guitar.
Tim was listening to the radio. Suddenly, he heard an ad for a contest. He decided to call in. Somehow, he managed to be the right caller. He won tickets to a big party.
Michael was worried he wouldn't have a date for the prom. It was only weeks away and nobody had said yes to him. As prom came closer he was even more worried. Then one day his best friend Jill asked him to go to prom with him. Michael didn't know what to say he was so happy and excited to go!
Allie went to the grocery store to get some food. When she was going to check out she was surprised. The lady was very rude to her and made fun of her. Allie was offended. So she called the manager over and the woman was fired.
My stomach hurt very badly one day. I told my mom, who took me to the doctor. When he examined me, the doctor told me I had appendicitis. I needed surgery right then! It was scary, but I recovered.
The wrestlers started the match. One of the wrestlers fell down. That was not part of the plan. They started to improve. The audience applauded the show.
Rhonda wanted to pan for gold. She learned that gold settles in the heavy sand in rivers. She panned the sand until she found many gold pieces in it. She took a week's worth of the pieces to sell. She learned all that glitters is not gold.
Don was getting ready to go to the beach. He packed his towel and sunscreen. He got into his car and drove to the beach. He put down his towel and laid in the sun. Don forgot to put on sunscreen and got a bad sunburn.
Allana works and does HITs on mturk. She put 100% effort into doing all of her HITs. But one of them still got rejected. She emailed the requester to find out why they rejected her. It has been 2 weeks and the requester hasn't answered the email.
Kay was looking forward to sketching in art class. But when she got there she was disappointed. They were doing painting instead of sketching! But Kay decided to try it anyways, and she was surprised. She found that she liked painting even better than sketching!
I started my new job yesterday. I was extremely nervous about learning everything. However, my first day went really well. By the end of the second day, I felt like an expert already. I am so glad I made a career change!
Jessica loved when it rained, especially at nights. The forecast today called for rain all night and she was very excited. She had planned on curling up in bed with her hubby and watch TV. She made hot chocolate to pair with the cool night. Her and her hubby watched TV and cuddled while it rained outside.
At a house party, Joe was having a conversation with the host. The host and Joe disagreed on a political matter. Joe was getting annoyed but did not show it. The host had no idea that he was getting on Joe's nerves. Joe later got revenge on the hose by secretly knotting all his shoes.
Michelle pretended to be nice to everyone. She always acted like a friend. Really she was mean behind everyone's back. She was only acting like a friend. Soon everyone found out who she really was.
I'm really excited about tax season. This will be the first year that I'm a homeowner. I've been told that owning a house makes your return larger. I am wondering how big my tax return will be. I hope it's a lot because I need help paying my mortgage.
Ellen wanted to learn to cross-stitch. She downloaded a how-to guide online. Then she printed some patterns. She selected her yarn colors and got to work. Soon Ella was cross-stitching like a professional!
My dog has had horrible breath lately. I don't know what to do except continue to brush it's teeth. My friends told me they make bones that give dog's fresh breath. I bought one today and so far it's working. I'll have to listen to my friend's advice more often.
This morning I woke up late. I got dressed and rushed to work. There was an accident on the road that slowed down traffic. This made me even more late to work. When I finally made it to work, no one was there and I was relieved.
Ann got a summer job at the movie theater. She hated working during the weekend. But then she found out about the perks of her job. Every month she could see a free movie! Ann was pleased with her benefit!
Austin was getting ready for his first day of school. His parents were very excited to take him to school. They arrived at his school and he was happy. They walked to his class and met his teacher. He ran in the room and told his parents to leave.
Eric bought a road bike to commute to work. But his local roads were really bad. And sometimes he had to ride on the sidewalk. His bike could not tolerate the harsh commute. So he returned it for a more durable mountain bike.
Emily's friends invited her to go to the beach. But Emily didn't want to because she didn't know how to swim. But her friends encouraged her to come. Emily sat on the hot sand and watched her friends swim. She regret going.
Caitlyn loves barbecuing. She learns new recipes for making ribs and burgers. Caitlyn always throws barbecues for her friends and makes them food. Caitlyn's friends want to show how much they appreciate her cooking. They buy Caitlyn a grill as a surprise.
Maybe Marcus is a little more hot-blooded than the average person. Last night he turned on the air-condition and a fan. His girlfriend complained she was cold. But he was barely cool so he didn't turn off anything. Now his girlfriend is mad, she has a cold, and he's apologizing a lot.
Sara wanted to learn how to cook. Her mom decided to teach her how to cook rice. Sara started with boiling water. When she finally added the rice, she got distracted. Sara let the rice run out of water and burn.
Nicole had a large store makeover to do at Olympia Sports. She was overwhelmed with the amount of work. Nicole decided to delegate some of the work to her able employees. They ended up getting the project done on time and correctly. Nicole took them all out for pizza for a job well done.
I watched my snake try to eat a fish. First she grabbed it out of the tank. But it squirmed away and went on the gravel. She slithered back out of the fish tank. Grabbed the sucker and devoured him.
Dan shivered because he was cold. He'd gotten so engrossed in work he hadn't started a fire. Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was. Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes. Dan was warm enough to last until bed time.
Tina realized she should start learning how to code. She thought it would help her get a job. So she started taking some courses. At the end she won a certificate. Tina was very proud of herself.
Gary was driving from Seattle to San Francisco. Gary's car broke down just south of Portland, Oregon. He called a tow truck. The tow truck came and towed Gary's car to a mechanic. It turned out that Gary's car was just out of gas.
Nancy wanted shoes. She had been saving her money. She really need to buy other things. She told her dad she needed shoes too. At Christmas, she had an extra gift and they were the shoes.
The man lit a cigarette. He inhaled the smoke deeply. He coughed from the smoke. He put out the cigarette. He threw the cigarette in the trash.
Jim saw some bigger boys taunting a dog behind a fence. Jim waited for the boys to leave, then approached the dog. The dog seemed grateful that the taunting had stopped. Jim saw the boys returning, this time with sticks. Jim decided to stay and defend the dog.
Today I decided to paint my laundry room. It was very hard to move both appliances. I had to call my friend to help me move the washer. He helped me clear the room and helped me paint. I was glad I called my friend for help.
I drove to an arena with my sister to see a concert. We waited in line to have our tickets checked. Afterwards, my sister and I found our seats. We watched a great rock band. Both of us shared favorite part of show after concert was over.
Bella was in eighth grade. She was at her very first house party. The kids started playing spin the bottle. Bella's bottle landed on her crush! Excited, she leaned in for her very first kiss.
Shawn was trying to make some soup. He stuck the bowl in the microwave and turned it on. Soon, a popping sound began. Shawn quickly turned off the microwave and unplugged it. After some internet research he realized his appliance was done for.
Ray wanted to order Chinese food. He drove and picked up his food. He put the bag in his lap and started to drive home. When he got home he noticed he couldn't get up! The sauce had leaked out and made him stuck!
Amy wanted a new Fossil watch for her birthday. She told her parents which watch she wanted. When they seemed confused she showed them a picture of the watch. On her birthday Amy excitedly opened her gift from her parents. Inside was a watch, but the wrong one.
Wesley is an assistant for an important business man. Every morning he has to get the man's coffee before work. Wesley was running late on Wednesday, so he forgot. His boss asked him where his coffee was and Wesley told him he forgot. His boss fired him and now he doesn't have a job.
Jen believed in God very much. But when she lost her whole family, her dog and her house, she cried. She prayed to God and nothing happened. Her heart closed day by day. Until eventually she had lost all faith.
Gina was in music class. Her teacher was playing old records. They heard the song about the Charleston. Gina thought the song was funny. But she loved it nonetheless.
She felt like she was tripping over her words. The harder she tried, the less clear they became. She began to run sentences together. When the aura hit, she realized it was a migraine. She stopped trying to talk and went to lie down.
Gina grabbed a hand basket at the grocery store. And had filled the basket with 3 gallons of water. The basket was way too heavy for her to carry. She stood holding the basket with her arms shaking. She was relieved when a lane finally opened up.
Jim lived in tornado alley. One day there was a troubling storm brewing. The tornado sirens kept going off. His family finally went to their safe place. While there, homes in Jim's neighborhood were destroyed.
Tim took Diana to a hot air balloon flight. While suspended in the air, they saw many places. The balloon passed their houses as well. Unfortunately, their experience became scary. The hot air balloon caught a hole on the way down.
The candy store was having a sale. Raven wanted to wait in line. Her parents warned her not too. They thought she would never get in. Thankfully she proved them wrong.
James was nervous about starting school. When he got to his first class, he was late. He did not recognize the class name either. James looked down at his schedule. He was in the wrong class.
Rob went to the beach for a day of fun. After an hour of swimming, something terrible happened. Rob was being swept out to sea by a rip current. A man with a surfboard reach him and pulled him on. Together they returned safely to the shore.
Kelly accidentally left her favorite stuffed bunny  on a church pew. She cried and cried, and could not sleep. The pastor was checking the church heating system that night. He found the bunny sitting all alone. He took the bunny to Kelly's house, and everyone slept that night.
Mark thought he was a great guitar player. He challenged others to outplay him whenever he could. A long bearded man his latest challenger. His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win. To his surprise the man outplays him in every way.
Rose donned her blue bikini. It was much smaller than she remembered it being. Or she was much large than she had been. It covered what needed covering, though. Rose ran out through the snow and jumped into the hot tub.
Angelina had never been water skiing before. It was her first time and she was very nervous. She got setup behind the boat. The boat took off and for a brief second she was skiing! She fell face first into the water, but kept trying until she got it.
I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar. Reading various chord books I learned finger positions. Watching many videos that showed techniques helped with my transitions I performed a show in front of many people. I felt that I had learned how to play guitar.
I went back to the hotel last night, It was incredibly hot outside. I couldn't wait to be in the cold. But when I went inside the air conditioning was not working. I went and took a cold shower to feel better.
Jim needed to pay the property taxes on his car. He went online to find the balance he owed. The online invoice stated that he had a past due balance. Knowing this was a mistake, Jim called the tax office. The agency corrected the mistake and Jim paid his current balance.
Gary was looking through his fridge for snacks. While looking at his food, he noticed everything had small bite marks. After looking through his kitchen, he determined he had mice. Gary called the local exterminator, who went to Gary's house quickly. After the exterminator killed all of the rats, Gary felt peace.
It was late in the 4th quarter. The other team was trying to run out the clock. Tom jumped in front of a pass for an interception. He eluded would be tacklers all the way down the field. Tom scored the game winning touchdown!
Nick was eighteen and decided to vote. He went online and signed up in the registry. Then he waited to get his voter ID card in the mail. He made sure to take the card with him on election day. Then he stepped into the voting booth and voted!
Larson liked to collect antiques. One interesting thing he'd found was an old can of corn. It had very old graphics and funny words. He displayed it on a shelf in his kitchen. Larson decided he would collect more in the future.
Gretchen looked up a recipe for lasagna online. She wrote down a list. She lost her list by the time she got to the store. She tried to buy the ingredients from her memory. She returned home with all of the correct ingredients.
Emily couldn't find her shoes. She looked inside and outside the house. She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet. Emily peeked in her Ella's room. Ella was pretending to be Mommy by wearing Mommy's shoes.
Nina was in her kitchen eating breakfast. Suddenly, she began to feel shaking under her feet. She realized that there was an earthquake so she ran outside. Outside, some bricks nearly fell on her. Luckily, she managed to stay safe until the shaking stopped.
I get an allowance every month. My allowance is five dollars. I have to save some of my money. I set aside some to buy gifts for my family. Five dollars doesn't go very far!
My wife and I wanted a baby. After a month, she finally got pregnant. We decided to celebrate by going to the cinema. On the way to the cinema we got into a car accident. My wife and our unborn child died.
The was on the plains of Africa A herd of gazelles were off in the distance The cheetah hid in the bush until the gazelles were close The cheetah took chase after them The eventually caught the gazelle
Tom was addicted to the internet. It started causing trouble in his relationship. His girlfriend wanted him to cut down. Tom agreed to do so. It was hard but it helped him out.
Joe was on his way to work. He saw he needed gas. So Joe stopped at a gas station to get gas. He filled up his tank. Then he drove off to work.
May asked her boyfriend to do the dishes. But he kept putting it off. He said they'd be done by the time she woke in the morning. She slept in, then went to check. He hadn't even loaded the dishwasher!
London and her sisters really wanted a puppy. They begged their dad everyday for a dog. One day their dad came home with a new puppy. The girls were so thrilled to have a dog of their own. Their dog stayed with them into their adulthood.
Tom tried to smuggle narcotics out of Mexico in his rectum. He walked very funnily across the bridge from Juarez. The authorities at the checkpoint noticed and rolled their eyes. They made Tom strip and very quickly found the contraband. Tom's unhappy he's spending the rest of his life in a Mexican prison.
Jim rushed to the store before the snow started. By the time he paid at the register, the snow was falling heavily. When Jim got to the car, he found his keys were locked in the car. No one would come out to unlock his car because of the storm. It was a cold walk home in the blowing snow.
Nichole found a wallet in the grocery store parking lot. Inside she found $500 in cash and a driver's license. Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late. But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet. The man was so impressed by her honesty, that he gave Nichole $100.
A prisoner broke out of his cell at night. He ran towards the ground keeping shed for a shovel. He took a shovel to the far wall and dug. The handle snapped during his dig. In desperation, the man began to dig with his hands.
Sally loves candy. This past weekend she got a whole bag full of sour patch candies. She ate them all in one sitting. Her stomach was sore for several days. She has decided to pace herself when eating her favorite treats.
Lexi and her family were eating burgers for lunch. But Lexi finished her burger quickly and wanted another. Lexi's mom found her stealing from her brother's plate. And she wasn't allowed to eat anymore burgers that night. The next time they had burgers, Lexi was too embarrassed to eat any.
I bought some groceries. I was unpacking them at home. I realized that I left the eggs in my car. I went to go get them. Alas, they had been spoiled by the heat.
Brad was on a date with Diana. She was annoying Brad since she spoke about her ex-boyfriend. In addition, she asked Brad if he was working, had a car and a house. When he said that he still lives with his mom, she got up. When Brad saw her walk away, he was confused.
Angie went to get her credit card and couldn't find it. She suspected her son had stolen it. She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it. Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs. Angie convinced her son to go into rehab.
Charles was too talented to stay poor. He produced a magazine but it didn't sell online. He searched for printers to print his publication cheap. He found a new printing shop in Long Beach that was cheap. He made a deal for three dollars per magazine, now he makes profits.
Nate was a messy boy. He spent lots of time outside every day. One day his mother found him covered in mud. She scolded him and dragged him inside. She scrubbed him clean and sent him to bed.
Susie was getting married. As a result her sisters planned a shower for her. When it came to the gifts, Susie opened them. Unfortunately they were all the same. Susie was mad.
Jena's friends were eating at a restaurant. Jena walked into the restaurant to eat alone. She saw her friends waving her over. Jena joined their table. Jena hung out with her friends the rest of the night.
Anthony Montano got into a joke competition. The topic was Ya Mama jokes. He thought he'd had it won. Anthony's opponent, however, was his own mother. Unable to perform, his mom made sexual jokes about herself, and won.
Renata was a movie fanatic. She owned close to 400 Blu Ray discs. While Renata was at work, someone broke into her house. Her entire movie collection was stolen. Renata was devastated by the loss of her movies.
I think about balls all the time. I used to have small and large balls. Once, a large ball got stuck in a tree. I took a small ball and used it to get the big ball down. I only throw the small balls at the trees, now.
Jane was having a rough week. She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood. She went to the park and fed the ducks. There an old friend saw her and they reconnected. She went back to work in higher spirits.
Bob noticed the wall was buckling near the couch. When he looked closer, he realized there was something behind it. Bob cut a hole in the drywall and peered inside. A large packrat peered from its nest back at Bob. Bob gave a manly scream and thrust his saw through its head.
A new video came out. But Jim couldn't afford it. So he decided to save his money. And in a few weeks, he bought it. But a few days later, it was on sale.
Rob was playing Mortal Kombat against his parents wishes. He usually only played the game late at night while the slept. One day his friend Alex came over and wanted to play. They played the game quietly to avoid being caught. They quickly pretended to be reading when Rob's mom came in the room
Gary didn't like to go to bars much. He didn't drink a lot, so he would always over do it when he did. For his birthday, his friends took him to a bar. He was very disappointed, as his friends knew he didn't like them. Gary then realised that he needed to find new friends.
Brady was the guest of honor at a going away party. He will be moving to another state in a week. Brady drank far too much alcohol for his own good. He did not have a designated driver when he left. Brady did not move because of his pending DUI charges.
Ed was still getting used to having two young stepdaughters. One day they asked him if they could paint his nails. He wanted them to like him so he agreed. He totally forgot about it when he went to bed. The next day he went to work with bright red fingernails!
Spencer saw a kickball head his way. He didn't know if he should kick it. He decided to kick it. It hit a kid in the head. Spencer felt really bad.
Eduardo was trying to cross the border into the USA. He had been deported from USA. He left behind a fat wife and three kids. Eduardo made a run for the wall and tried to Jump over. Eduardo was shot in the back with a bullet and cried out Jamie!
John went to the doctor. The doctor told John that he had cancer. John chose to go through Chemotherapy. His hair fell out, but he got better. John lived ten more years.
The fair came to town a few weeks ago. They had a lot of interesting attractions. They also had a different musician every night. We went on opening night. They had fireworks at the end of the night.
The finch flew low across the street. A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch. The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels. He alighted on a cable above the Porsche at a red light intersection. Revenge was his.
A food fight broke out in the cafeteria. Some people got up to throw their food. This includes my friend who threw a chicken breast. Next day, he got a call from the school. They suspended him for a week.
Grace recently moved into a new home. Her first goal was to get the yard in order. She wanted to have nice Saint Augustin grass. She bought some sod and watered it every evening. She now has a nice lush yard full of grass.
We made plans to go to Nevada. We wanted to visit my husband's mother. She was getting married for the second time. We drove for three days to get there. When we arrived, we were devastated to hear the wedding was cancelled.
Val walked up to the counter. She skimmed the menu to make sure she knew what she wanted. The cashier greeted her. Val told him her order. She then waited for her food to be prepared.
Tim was going to a party. he took his bike. The party was on a steep hill. It was a huge struggle to get up the hill. Tim thought about the awesome party and kept going to the top.
Dan wanted to get into shape. Dan bought some running shoes and began to take jogs. Dan began lifting weights regularly. Dan spent 8 months watching the fat and calories in his diet. Now Dan is fit as a fiddle!
Jim was walking home from school. A stray dog followed him. He tried to sneak food out to him. His parents noticed and called animal control. They took the dog away.
I used to love biking. I rode to work, about six miles from home. I used three speed bikes originally. I switched to one speed beach cruisers for stability. In 2011 I had a stroke and had to stop biking, regretfully.
Jasper wants to drink some coffee. First he needs to grind his coffee beans. Once they are ground he makes coffee and drinks it. He feels better. He is glad he drank some coffee.
Mike just finished washing his car. And he was happy about how cleaned it looked. He decided to drive it around town. And people stared at his great looking ride. Mike felt a great sense of pride.
Daryl skipped across the stones poking out of the water. He laughed back at us, standing on the shoreline. We were frightened of the fast moving river. Daryl should have been, too. He lost his footing on a slick rock, and drowned.
It was the day of the United States presidential election. Timmy woke up early in order to cast his vote. Timmy waited for hours at the polling station. After waiting for more than 6 hours Timmy gave up. Timmy felt very irritated that he was unable to cast his vote.
The choir wanted to raise money for their trip. They decided to have a dog wash. They scrubbed people's' dogs until they were sparkling clean. It was a fun but messy job. They raised lots of money!
David played baseball since he was a young child. One day he made it to professional baseball. David played many years and had a great career. David had a terrible injury in his knee. David had to retire from baseball early.
Kelley made a meal for her boyfriend. She hoped he would like it. When she served it to him she looked at his reaction. He grimaced. Yet to not hurt her feelings, he told her he loved it anyway.
Timothy entered a gas station in Los Angeles. The korean clerk kept looking at him because he was black. Timothy confronted him and said what is his problem. The korean smiled and said that Timothy went to school with his son. Timothy felt guilty for judging koreans for being racist.
Josh filled a pot with water and placed it on the stove. He got his favorite type of tea and put it in a mug. The mug was filled with water after the pot boiled. With his tea done he sat on his couch and listened to music. The tea was soothing and refreshing.
The house was engulfed in flames. The firemen sprayed the hoses into the fire. Soon, the fire was out. The firemen walked into the smoldering house. They wanted to find the cause of the fire.
Cookie was a great baker. She made cookies all the time. She decided to make a cookie named after herself. She put in all her favorite ingredients. They came out wonderful and her best seller.
I met with a person in front of school. He told me that he has my shoes in his bags. I exchanged my money for the shoes. When I looked inside the box, there was a vase. Before I can say anything, he ran away.
Prince borrowed twenty dollars from Zeke. He told Zeke he'd pay him back, but kept forgetting. One day, Zeke needed money to buy lunch. He asked Prince if he could finally have his loan back. Prince happened to have the money, and paid Zeke back right then.
Ashley was really anxious today. She had a phone call with her mother and that provoked her anxiety. She exercised for a while to try to calm down. That didn't work though. Finally she took anxiety medicine to feel better.
It was Tina's anniversary. She thought her boyfriend forgot. He actually planned a whole day for it. He started with breakfast in bed. Tina loved the pleasant surprise.
Jordan and her friends hated the town's youth curfew. They created a petition to have it extended one hour. At first they had trouble getting signatures. Then they decided to collect during a car wash. Luckily they managed to get all of the signatures needed.
Tom was trying to buy a car. He got his credit checked. It came back with a terrible score. Tom didn't realize his parents ruined it in the past. Tom was devastated.
I had a chemistry test last week. I studied for a week straight before the test. I was nervous, but the test seemed easy. When I got my test back, I saw that I got a good grade. I was happy that my grade reflected my hard work.
Tim loved to play checkers. One day he met a friend that also liked checkers. The friend beat Tim every time they played. Tim practiced very hard after that. Then, Tim finally beat his friend at checkers.
Anna heard that there would be a meteor shower. She was excited to watch it! She got out her blanket and Thermos and laid outside. As the night deepened, stars started flying. Anna was awed by the strange celestial beauty!
Abby was looking for the perfect fabric. She wanted to use it for her pillows. She shopped all day long. She finally found just what she was looking for! She took it home and got to work sewing!
Tom asked Becky to be his date to the prom. Becky said yes! A couple weeks later, Tom noticed another girl, April. Tom then asked April to go with him to the prom. Becky found this out, dumping Tom immediately!
Portia and Jennifer were always best friends. They talked on the phone every day. They spent weekends shopping together and discussing boys. They each moved away for school, and then life. Years later, they found each other again and resumed the friendship!
All Jimmy wanted for breakfast was pizza. His mom tried to get him to eat, but he argued that it wasn't pizza. Jimmy's mom tried cereal, oatmeal, poptarts and everything. Finally one night, the family had pizza for dinner and mom saved some. The next morning, Jimmy had breakfast pizza and was ecstatic!
Brendan loves listening to the Saxophone. He really wants to learn how to play. He has looked every where for a cheap saxophone. One day he finally found one he could afford. He was late getting to the store, and someone else already bought it.
I went on a late night drive the other night. I had to be at an important meeting early the next morning. I forgot the meeting was so early in the morning. That's why I had to leave so late at night. I will never drive so late again.
Ralph needed a new computer mouse. So he went to the computer store. He found a nice mouse. He bought the nice mouse. Ralph no longer needed a mouse.
Beth was excited to go to the mall on Friday. She had just gotten her driver's license and wanted to show off. On the way, she decided to listen to some music. She got preoccupied trying to put a cd in the stereo. She missed the red light and ran straight into another car, killing he.
Last night Tom had a football party at his house. He invited all his friends. Everyone had a good time. The next day though, he found his favorite sodas all empty. His friends drank them.
Megan was excited for prom. She didn't have a date though. Billy asked Megan if she would like to go to prom with him. She happily accepted his invitation. Billy and Megan went to the prom and had a wonderful time.
I wanted to buy some barstools. But, they weren't worth the price tag. So, I decided to make some. Alas, I could not seem to shape the legs correctly. I gave up and bought the barstools from the store.
Annie had a huge crack in her windshield. Her car needed to be inspected. Annie brought her car to the mechanic. The car didn't pass inspection. Annie had to repair the windshield.
Tim was doing poorly at school. He was given a few last chances by teachers. Unfortunately Tim never came through. He kept messing up. Eventually he flunked out.
A young boy named John joined the military. He thought he was defending his land. In his years fighting he became a man. When he finally left the military he wasn't the same. John saw nothing worth saving in his home anymore and ended his life.
Kate cancelled her online TV subscription. A week later she received an email for a free trial. She decided to try the commercial free option. She was never told it was not included in her trial. She was upset to see she was charged right away.
Gibson went on a fishing trip. He cast his line in the water and waiting. Gibson reeled in a fish. The fish was incredibly small. Gibson threw the fish back into the water.
Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper, seemingly randomly. Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation. She asked Suzie what her most favorite color was. Suzie thought for a moment, and said she loved them all. It was only later an optometrist discovered Suzie was colorblind.
Sharon went in the candy store at the mall. Everything looked good, and the clerk let her sample some things. She bought more of four candies she really liked. She also bought a pound of caramel fudge. She paid for the items and went home.
Red was celebrating his tenth wedding anniversary. He left work early that day. At home, he cooked his wife a fancy dinner. She was so surprised when she got home from work! When she saw the dinner, she nearly cried with happiness.
Betsy went to the zoo. First she saw the monkeys. As she was walking to the next animals a man gave Betsy a balloon. Betsy went to look at the cheetahs and got scared. Betsy let go of her balloon but the man gave her a new one.
Sal is always cold. One day his furnace broke. His house was forty-six degrees inside. He decided to build a fire. Sal's house was warm again.
The lamb ate grass. The lamb saw a wolf approach. The lamb started running. The dog ran after the wolf. The lamb was safe.
Dylan asked his girlfriend to cut his hair. She had never cut hair before but agreed to try. As she was cutting, she looked nervous. Finally she admitted that she had made a mistake. She had cut a quarter sized hole in his hair.
Lisa really wanted to impress a group of popular girls at school. One day, the girls were teasing a new girl who had joined their class. They tried to get Lisa to tease the new girl, too. Lisa, realizing how mean the popular girls were, refused. Instead, she became best friends with the new girl!
Renee worried her kids would fall down the stairs of their new home. She called a company to come over and carpet the stairs. She chose a plush carpet that would cushion any fall. The thick carpet caused the kids to lose their footing. Renee decided to install carpet at the bottom of the stairs.
My family and I went to the Outback in Australia. Our tour guide showed us many animals, but my favorite was a kangaroo. I got to pet it and feed it food. I was sad when he started hopping away. I will always remember that kangaroo.
Eric's dad was a Baptist preacher. Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool. Eric hated being a preacher's kid. Every Saturday he would try to devise a way to get out of church. Every Sunday he would be sitting in the front row despite his efforts.
Mike had gotten a couple movies from a rental box. His friend called to tell him he had an extra ticket to the ball game. Mike went to the ball game. He watched the movies the next night. Mike returned the movies a day late.
The dog went into the kitchen. Something was off. The bowl was empty. The dogs mom put in food. The food was a new food.
Tom had never been on an airplane. He was scared about it. His first time was a bumpy ride. They hit a lot of turbulence. Tom was frightened the whole time.
Lily had been burning some paper for fun. She had collected the ashes in a jar and intended to throw them out. One day the jar accidentally got tipped over. The ash spilled everywhere and covered her room. She was never able to fully get it out.
Sam thought his truck was faster than all other trucks. John felt the same about his truck. One day they decided to race. John's motor blew up. Sam won the race.
Joe lays bricks for a living. He worked harder than all of his coworkers. Eventually joe got a promotion as a supervisor. Joe enjoyed the greatly increased pay for many years. Eventually he was able to retire comfortably.
Mallie was in dire need of a new laptop. She searched everywhere for a new device. Mallie finally went to the apple store and found a laptop she loved. She immediately purchased it and was very happy. She felt she could not go wrong with an apple.
Jane could not find her phone. She looked everywhere for it. The worst thing was it was on silent. Jane looked in her car and her room. Jane finally realized she was talking on it the whole time.
Jessica had been training for the Olympics for years. She was finally accepted! She completed her routine spectacularly. She won for her country! She was now famous!
Tom volunteered as a big brother. There was one kid who was particularly bad. Tom tried a lot of things to break through to him. Nothing really panned out. Tom had to give up eventually.
I was walking behind Terry. Before talking, I ran my hand into her hair. It ended up falling out completely. She told me that it was a wig before I freaked out. She picked it up and walked with me for a couple of minutes.
Dan was an American reporter embedded with a military unit in Iraq. Dan went along with the unit one night on a patrol. Dan witnessed firsthand an intense firefight. This raised his level of respect and care for veterans dramatically. Upon returning home, Dan founded a fund to help returning vets.
Whitney had plans. She and her new guy we're supposed to do something today. All of a sudden she got a text saying he may have to reschedule. She ignored the text. She is tired of the chase.
Mary had always gotten good grades in school, but failed a test. She was sad when she saw she had been given a F. Mary cried when she saw the bad grade. Mary asked the teacher if she could take the test again. The teacher agreed and let her take the test again for a better grade.
It was Ariana's first day of school and picture day. She tried looking her absolute best for the day. As soon as she sat in the chair to get it taken, she tensed up. She hated picture day. However thankfully the pictures came out good.
Robert wanted to go fishing with his friends. He'd never been fishing before. Robert and his friends drove to the lake early on saturday. Robert's friends let him borrow their fishing equipment. Robert caught the biggest fish of the day.
Andrew wanted to see every continent in one year. Andrew had no money saved up for the trip. He worked as hard as he could for months. He finally saved up the money he needed. He happily took the trip just like he had said.
The lady was looking through her jewelry box. She found a beautiful pair of earrings. They had belonged to her mother. The lady put them on to wear around the house. Just having them on made her feel close to her mom.
Ava was addicted to crack. She wanted to get clean for her kids. She went to rehab. Afterwards, she attended counseling sessions. Her kids were very proud of her.
Bob was looking for extra income after retiring. He has a nice car and a smartphone, so he went to work for Uber. He is able to select his hours and enjoys being out and about. Today he saw a story about Uber moving to driverless cars. He hopes the implementation will not be too fast.
Andrew's big brother was moving out of the house. So Andrew spent all day helping his brother move. He even drove with his brother to his brothers new house. He helped his brother move his furniture in his new house. After they ordered pizza and eat inside his brothers new house.
I had to go home from work. I got sick with a migraine. Nothing would make it stop. I ended up taking a pain pill. I slept for 10 hours straight.
Alex awoke to what he thought was the beeping sound of his alarm. When he tried to turn it off, however, it just kept beeping. He realized it was actually the smoke detector going off. He smelled smoke and noticed that the room was hot and stifling. He raced outside, thankful that the smoke alarm had alerted him.
Lisa waited almost four hours for her father to arrive home. He had promised to be home by six that evening. The local news reported that a fire had broken out at his company. She worried that he might've been hurt in the fire. However, around eight-thirty that night, he called to say he was fine.
Anna saw raspberry bushes in the forest on a hike one day. They were laden with ripe fruit. Anna went home to get a basket. Then she returned to pick lots of berries. Anna and her friends feasted on their sweet berries all week!
Liza did stand up comedy at a club. One night, she was heckled by someone in the crowd. Luckily, she turned all the heckling around. The crowd cheered for her and the heckler stopped. It really gave Liza a confidence boost.
Rachel was nervous about a job interview. She dressed for success in her finest clothes. She ran through practice interview questions to help her prepare. She arrived early to her interview. The HR representative was impressed with her performance.
I was trying to get some things done around the house. The longer I worked at cleaning, the more tired I felt. I stopped and sat down for a minute to rest. My stomach suddenly growled loudly. Realizing I hadn't eaten, I stopped cleaning and got a snack instead.
My son got invited to go to basketball tryouts this Friday. I asked him if he wanted to play and he said he would. I emailed the coach and told him we would be there. Today after school we went out and practiced. I think he has a good shot of making the team!
Jose wanted to save some money. To save money Jose decided to install his own tile at home. Jose's tile job looked absolutely terrible. Jose called a professional to fix his mess. Jose spent a lot more money to fix the tile floor.
Todd got a helmet for his birthday. Todd felt that he was too cool for a helmet. Todd went riding on his bike. He fell and bumped his head. After that he always wore a helmet.
I like to ride my bike to work. Sometime I will try and use my phone while riding. Today I almost got hit by a car because I was trying to use my phone. It was very scary and changed how I look at riding my bike. I am leaving my phone at home to ride my bike.
Tom was out eating dinner with a date. He had a buy one get one coupon. He tried to use it without the date noticing. The date noticed and thought he was cheap. She didn't go on another date with Tom.
Emily had been a stay-at-home mother for two Year's. Although she wanted to be home with her kids, she began getting bored. Emily decided to look for a part-time job. After job hunting for a month, Emily got a job as a secretary. The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life.
The girl wrote a story. Her teacher liked it. Her teacher submitted it to a contest. The girl's story took second place. The teacher gave the girl her prize.
Today while washing dishes I discovered water at my feet. I opened up the cabinets underneath and there was water inside. I ran the water to check the pipes. They were leaking at the plastic pipe joints. I tightened the pipes to prevent further leaking.
I went to see the opera La Rondine in 2007. It was playing in downtown Boston. I did not know this opera well. I was surprised when I heard the signature aria. It was one of my favorites.
Jennifer's mother was trying to teach her to drive. She had her drive around a parking lot first. Then she had her turn onto back roads. After a while she made her go on the main road. Jennifer was very happy to have started learning to drive.
Carrie loves to sew. Carrie decided that she needed a new dress. She went to the store to buy fabric. Carrie spent the whole day sewing herself a new dress. Carrie wore her new dress to dinner that night.
I love eating candy. My favorite was Fun Dip. Everyone hated when they find a fun dip at my house. I hate the powder but love the chalky stick. So they are all left licking their finger and dipping it in powder.
Rich had not been to the dentist in a long time. His wife scheduled him an appointment. Rich was very worried about going to the dentist. He found out he had a cavity and needed a tooth pulled. Rich is now nervous about his next appointment.
Emily always tried to look her best. Emily was very pretty. She made sure she looked beautiful everyday. She used her looks to make a name for herself. Now she is a beautiful and famous model.
Eric wanted to wake up early to go fishing. He set his alarm for 5:00 am. He went to sleep. When he woke up, Eric was surprised to see that it was 8 o'clock. Eric realized that the volume on his alarm was muted.
Ivan was tired of his repetitive job. And he dreamed of being his own boss. Eventually, he opened his own restaurant. But he found it more stressful than his previous job. Ivan's restaurant soon went out of business.
I went to visit my aunt the other day. I have not seen her in a while. We spent hours just catching up on things. She is a very interesting person. We had a great time together.
Every September I can hear the high school band practicing at 8 AM. Some of my neighbors complain that it is too early to listen to music. I happen to disagree with them. I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard. They could be doing way worse things than having band practice.
The woman didn't want to catch the flu. She got a flu shot from her doctor. She hoped it would keep her healthy all winter. In January, her body started aching. She had caught the flu anyway!
Alan was a good student and got perfect grades. Although he got good grades, he was bullied by others. On his usual walk to school, Alan decided to go back home. His parents were still at home, and were surprised to see him. Alan explained the situation and the parents called the school.
Kim loved her horse Blossom. They competed in a race and won first prize! That night, Kim went to Blossom's stable. She fed Blossom some mints as a thank-you. Kim and Blossom were very good friends.
I was floating in the lazy river. The waves was carrying my float across the river. However, two people were fighting. One was pushed towards me. I ended up getting hit.
None of the seniors went to school since today is Senior Skip Day. My friends and I rode in one car to the mall. We visited several outlet stores to find new clothes. We also had lunch inside the food court. When everyone left, I went home to go finish some homework.
Rene wanted new earrings. She only had one pair. Rene knew she needed more. When she woke up she saw something. A new pair was under her pillow.
Harry was going to go hiking last week. He bought so much gear in preparation. However, when he was about to go, he could not find his tent. He ended up staying home. All that money spent ended up being for nothing.
The cashier checked out my items at the supermarket. He charged me the full price for several items that were on sale. I tried to remind him that the items were discounted at 50%. However, he didn't believe me. We ended up fighting for several minutes.
Evan was trying to fall asleep one night. But he heard a loud noise in his backyard. And he was scared that there was a burglar. He pointed a flashlight at his backyard from behind his window. But it was just a cat.
The racers were lined up ready to go. All of the racers had their eyes locked on the flag man. He waved his flag and the racers were off like a shot. On and on they sped, winding up and down the hills. At the finish line it was neck and neck, a photo finish.
The black bear was a friendly gentle giant, he didn't disturb a fly. He was friendly and only ate honey and some fish from the stream. When the poachers arrived they wiped out nearly his whole family. The poor bear had no one but himself for the cold and sad winter. He died of what they say was heartbreak for he was all alone.
Dominic loved Adele's music. He was thrilled to get tickets to her concert. At the show, someone gave him a ticket to sit in the second row. The show was magnificent. He will remember that night forever.
Erin neglected mowing his lawn. So he decided to mow it one day. It was a lot of work. But Erin liked the results. He was proud of how good his lawn looked.
Chris was a very healthy eater. He would cook boiled eggs everyday. One day he forgot he was cooking. When he returned to the kitchen the water had evaporated. Chris was upset he ruined his eggs.
I went on a plane yesterday. As I got on it something happened. We had to turn back. A fire came about. It was scary.
Jim found a dog in a barn. The barn had tons of fur. It could barely walk. He rescued the dog from it's owners. He gave it a bath and a shave.
Josh's mom told him he could have 2 pieces of chocolate. Josh ate ten pieces of chocolate instead. He started to feel sick and his stomach started to hurt. He told his mom. She warned him his stomach would hurt.
Rob ran cross country in college. After graduation he ran with his friends from work. One day the decided to try doing a triathlon. They enjoyed it so much that they did several more. In their third race, Rob won the state championship for his age group.
I was told I had to get a solicitor license to knock on doors. I went downtown. I had to get a business license. I had to get a card made. A lady tried to get taxes from me too.
Sara's parents had to move to a new place. She was not looking forward to starting a new school. She was anxious about making new friends. She decided to join a club. Sara was happy when she became more involved in school.
It was Rainer's first time seeing snow. She was very excited even though she was cold. She lay down in the snow with her mom. She moved her arms and legs up and down like her mom showed her. She thought the snow angels they made were beautiful.
Kia was brushing her teeth one night. Suddenly she saw a spider on the sink. She screamed and ran out! She told her dad about the spider. Her dad laughed and went in to take care of it.
Gretchen was enrolled in a class in college. She was doing badly in the class. Gretchen decided to withdraw from the class. The next semester, Gretchen had a lighter work schedule. She decided to try taking the class again.
Tom bought a new video game. He didn't like it but kept trying to play it. Eventually he gave up and decided to return it. Unfortunately it was too late and the store didn't allow it. Tom was stuck with a game he didn't like.
When Kevin works hard, he makes more money. Monday Kevin used his phone to text at work all day. Tuesday Kevin's boss asked him to leave early. On Wednesday Kevin did not use his phone, and instead swept the floor. On Thursday Kevin's boss gave him a raise.
Kate wanted a new dress. She knew she didn't need one. However, she wanted to impress her friends. She decided to splurge on one anyway. She was happy she did.
Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again. Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up.
Tom normally liked flying. His latest trip was different. The plane went through a lot of windy weather. The turbulence was intense enough to make Tom sick. He had to throw up more than once.
Guillermo liked bees. He didn't know he was allergic to them. He saw a beehive one day. He got stung in the arm. And he erupted in hives because of it.
One day Sam took his dog Bella out for a walk. Bella pulled and pulled on the leash. Sam couldn't hold Bella anymore and she broke away running. Sam chased Bella for 30 minutes before he finally caught her. Sam will not be taking Bella for another walk anytime soon!
Dan wanted to take Lily on a date. Dan asked a friend of Lily's what she liked to do. Lilly's friend told Dan that she enjoys walks in the local park. The next day, Dan asked Lilly if she'd like to take a walk with him. Lilly said yes!
Bob ordered chocolate chunk ice cream. The lady prepared his order. He watched in anticipation. His anticipation turned to impatience. He demanded faster ice cream.
Aiden went to a glassblowing workshop for a field trip. He wasn't very interested in the trip. One of the craftsman picked him to craft glass. Aiden had a surprisingly good time crafting his trinket. He helps around the glass workshop on his spare time.
It was the day of the big football game. Tim went to school ready to win. After a hard fought game, Tim's team won. However, Tim's clothes were all dirty. Fortunately, his mother bought him a change of clothes.
John went camping. He didn't want to gather firewood. His dog wanted to play fetch. He pretended to throw a stick for the dog. The dog would bring a stick.
Dan went on a fishing trip to Lake Erie. He went out on the lake in his boat. He casted out his fishing pole and waited. A fish grabbed his bait he lost his fishing pole. He gave up on fishing and went home.
Tom was running late to the airport. When he got there he noticed huge lines. Everything was movie extra slow. It took him over an hour to get to his gate. Once there Tom barely missed the flight by a few minutes.
Dan recently noticed a huge scratch on his car. Dan decided to get his vehicle a new paint job. After researching, Dan found a reputable car paint shop. Dan dropped his car off to the paint shop the next day. Dan could not wait to see how the paint job came out on his car.
Terry's life long dream was to meet Joey Logano. He went to Nascar's Daytona Race Track. He paid for a VIP Pit Pass. Once on Pit Row, he looked everywhere for Joey Logano. He met him and got his autograph.
Tom moved into a new apartment. His phone didn't work well. He tried different carriers. None were any better. He would go outside to call people.
Allie really loved chips. She decided to buy an entire bag. She promised herself she would just have one. Yet she ended up eating the entire bag. Allie felt badly after and she went to exercise.
Harry complained about the expense of car ownership. So the first time he drove into town he sold his Rover. Then Harry went to a bicycle shop and bought a nice Schwinn. But Harry forgot he no longer had his Rover to get home with. So Harry had to peddle over sixty miles to get to his front door.
James loved being the class clown. He even went out of his way to make his peers laugh. One day his French teacher made fun of him in French. James didn't know what she said so couldn't reply. James blushed and learned he should be nicer to people.
Bay was scared of the dark. It made bedtimes difficult. Then his mom bought him a small nightlight. She left it burning all night. The light helped Boy overcome his crippling fear.
Ed had never tried carrots. They grossed him out. Then his mom offered him $5 to try one. Ed accepted the offer. He made $5 and found that he liked carrots after all!
Clark spent several hours every day playing video games. Clark's dad wanted Clark to play outdoor sports not video games. In order to satisfy his dad, Clark joined his school's track team. Clark's commitment to track cut down his gaming time. Clark was thankful when track season was finally over.
Rita is 16. Rita wants her driver's licenses. Rita studies. Rita takes the exam. Rita passes.
Ben is in his favorite store. He decides to buy some apples. He takes them home and washes them. After washing them he bites into the apple. He finds a bunch of worms in his apple and is very upset.
Kelly couldn't wait for her favorite singer's album to come out. The next week when the album came out she bought ten copies. She loved the album so much she memorized all the songs. When she opened up one of the albums she saw free tickets. Kelly was thrilled.
Ana hated doing laundry. She put it off as long as she could. When all her clothes were dirty, she went to the laundromat. She sat there for hours doing the wash. Ana was relieved when she finally finished.
Yesterday I went to a party. I wore my pretty white dress to it. Unfortunately I spilled wine on it. The stain would not come out. The dress was ruined.
Terry was running out of food in his apartment. All he had left was some stray vegetables and some pasta. The choice of his meal was obvious. He combined all of the remaining vegetables into a pasta sauce. It turned out surprisingly tasty.
April was in love with Andy. He thought she was too young for him. He really liked her too. They finally went on a date. Not long after they were married!
Yenny took tons of snapchats that day. Her friend messaged her saying she was being annoying. Yenny said she was just proud of her face. Yenny noticed many people were unfollowing her. She realized she needed to lay off the snapchats.
I bought a new grill from the store downtown. The grill started off working great. The grill would not light the second time I tried to use it. I decided to bring the grill back to the store. The store gave me a refund for the broken grill.
Before Brandy went to work, she tried looking for her nail file. She asked Henry if he saw it. He told her that he threw it away since it was nearly broken. She pushed him in frustration. He was a little intimidated and didn't bother to fight back.
Sarah had snuck out of her house. She had slept over at her boyfriend's place. When she woke up, she saw that she was late. She was supposed to be back home an hour earlier. She ran home and luckily she hadn't been caught yet.
Janet wanted to take dance lessons. She signed up for dance lessons from a flyer. She went to the building where the dance lessons are. Unfortunately for her they were ballet lessons. She stuck around for 1 lesson and went home.
My family came into a restaurant. We ordered several items. Without asking for my permission, my mom ordered for me. Although I was mad, I ate the food. The peanuts inside of the good gave me an allergic reaction.
A group of managers went to Italy on a job. My boss was one of the group. He was the only non engineer. The group snubbed him during the trip. I felt badly for my boss.
John is driving down the road. He begins to smell smoke from his car. He pulls over to check it out. His engine is blown up. He has to call a tow truck to tow him back to town.
Bob was washing several dishes. But he accidentally dropped one of them. Hey mom saw the cracked dish. And he was not allowed to wash dishes again. But Bob was glad.
Jim Bob's grandfather had just died. Jim Bob acted sad at the funeral. Afterwards, he stopped by his grandfather's house to examine his stuff. He saw a few expensive watches. Jim Bob took the watches and ran off before anyone noticed.
Ian wanted to learn how to surf. So he took surfing lessons at his local beach. The beach was very crowded. So he felt self-conscious. Ian was too afraid to take surfing lessons again.
The Jones were looking forward to getting away. When they arrived at the beach they ran to the water. The beaches were just as beautiful as they anticipated. They swam in the ocean all day laughing. Finally as the sun went down they packed up and headed home.
Kelsea decided that she needed to learn better grammar. She went to the library and found all the books she could carry. She took them home and studied. Her grades drastically improved. Now Kelsea's grammar is her strongsuit.
The Batemans went to Australia for their vacation. They decided to go scuba diving. Dad thought he saw a shark and yelped. If was only a baby dolphin. Everyone laughed in amusement.
Jorge stepped out his front door to see a paper at his feet. He figured the delivery person goofed as he hadn't subscribed. When he checked the to bundle, he saw that this paper was free. Interested in the contents, he took it inside. After reading it, he decided it wasn't good enough to buy into.
Sally's mom told her over and over again not to jump on the bed. But it was so much fun! Until one day she jumped too high. She hit her head very hard on the ceiling. She never jumped on the bed again.
Betty wanted a new smartphone. However, her phone contract would not be over for another year. She decided to smash her phone to pieces and claim the damages. Unfortunately, her claim was denied. Now, Betty had no phone.
Shannon got a spider bite one day. It itched and she put some medicine on it. At the end of the day, the swelling had gone down. The bite was still itchy, so she put some more cream on it. She felt better and went to bed.
Jill was on vacation. She was missing her boyfriend. She decided to Skype him on her laptop. They talked for many hours. Jill felt happier after talking to her boyfriend.
Gabe was busy making a new video game, so he looked online for ideas. While looking he read some mean comments people wrote on the internet. The comments were about Gabe's weight and appearance. Gabe felt sad that people were making fun of how he looked. Then Gabe remembered he was a millionaire, and so he felt better.
Deb was camping with family. She was helping with the fire. And putting wood on it as it needed it. But she got carried away. And the large blaze caught the tent on fire!
The man had finally achieved his dream. He had bought a motorcycle! He couldn't wait to drive it all over the country. He bought a helmet and some chaps. The next weekend, he took off for a road trip.
Francis wanted to visit a national park. She decided on yellowstone and planned the trip. She took off and was excited for all the hiking she would do. She arrived and embarked on a 3 day long hike. She saw such amazing scenery and was so happy she had made the hike.
Johnny's uncle, Bob, came by the house and said something to Johnny. Bob told Johnny that today was the day he would become a man. Bob then took Johnny out to a firing range. Bob showed Johnny how to fire a weapon and hit a target. Johnny felt awesome, like he had taken a step forward in life.
When I was five, my dad brought home a kitten. He was a persian. He was very pretty. He loved to sneak outside to hunt mice. One day he disappeared, and I never saw him again.
Max was scared of penguins. He hated their attitude. One day he went to an aquarium. A penguin was staring at him. Max nearly fainted.
Janet fell down the stairs at her house. Her knee was never in good shape but this made it worse. She was unable to walk and was in severe pain. Janet called her friend to come help. Her friend immediately took her to the hospital.
Kelly was hit from behind at a red light. A young man emerged and apologized profusely. Kelly looked and saw that there was no damage to her car. She forgave him and told him to drive more carefully! The young man thanked her profusely.
Jennifer went out that morning to walk the dog. He was a very excitable labrador retriever. Jennifer did not see the bunny until it was too late. Fido bounded after it, while she raced to keep up. She was finally able to slow him down, and make him stop chasing it.
David needed an office chair. So he went to an office store and looked. But they were all so expensive. He decided to pick up a cheap one on a Chinese website. But it fell apart after a few weeks.
The discount airline cost a third of what the others charged. The luggage requirement meant Dan had to pack light. Seats were assigned by the computer and Dan had to sit in the middle. The flight left on time and arrived early. The cheap flight ended up being worth the discomfort of middle seats.
Jason picked up his VHS tape with a glad smile. He wasn't supposed to handle them himself. He carried the cassette by the tape itself and it pulled free. Jason tried to fix it. Dad found Jason with a 100' of VHS tape in his lap.
Ana wanted her morning cup of tea. But her local coffee shop was inexplicably closed. She went home and dug out her old kettle. She boiled water and added her own tea. Then Ana sat and sipped her homemade morning tea!
Beth was banned from playing soccer because of her testosterone level. She was born with more of the hormone than many women. The soccer federation stated that she wasn't a female, so she sued. She won her case and was allowed to play again. The humiliation in having to show she was a woman made it bittersweet.
Frank decided to take a trip. He went to Las Vegas to let loose. Frank drank and gambled and relaxed. He had a lot of fun with his friends. When he returned home, he decided to make it an annual event.
Jennifer is about to graduate. She is in school for her final day. She has a great time talking to her teachers and friends. The bell sounds and she says goodbye to everyone. Jennifer enjoyed her last day of school.
I am retired on disability. I had a stroke and cannot walk well. I make my own breakfast, carrying items from kitchen to living room. I made up a mnemonic device listing everything I need to prepare. This lets me take out everything I need for breakfast in one trip.
Bob threw a party one night. One of his friends brought alcohol. Bob was tempted to drink the alcohol. After thinking about it, he decided not to. Bob had made the right choice.
Jill was going on a skiing trip. She decided to buy a pair of snow boots. She was excited about her trip. She finally found the perfect boots. She was set for her trip.
Somebody is applying for a job at my wife's company. She uses her bike for transportation. Her commute would be 4 miles long. The company is concerned about her getting there every day. She said she would use the bus in bad weather.
Sammy was getting ready for work. She was brushing her hair when she noticed something sticky. There was toothpaste on her hairbrush! Toothpaste got all over her hair. Sammy had to quickly take another shower before work to get it out.
Sally's son Benji had an obsession about worms. She had also been thinking about getting into composting. She decided to order a worm composting kit. Benji got to enjoy adding scraps for them to eat daily. Sally got to use the compost in her garden.
Christine was driving to work. She saw a duckling in the middle of the road. Christine picked up the duckling and set it on the ground. Christine got back into her car and took a picture. She told her coworkers what she had seen this morning.
The dog peed on my carpet. So i took it to get trained. The first few days she showed no progress. But in a month she was potty trained . Now she does not pee on the carpet no more.
Michael has always adored animals. For as long as he can remember he has always been drawn to them. As he grew up he thought he might want to become a vet. After high school he went to school to become a vet. After his education was complete he opened a successful animal clinic.
Cameron wanted some money for the movies. He asked his mom but she said he'd have to work first. She told him that he needed to shovel snow. He went outside and cleared the whole walkway. Then she gave him some money.
Reba was excited to find a designer dress on a discount rack. She wore the dress to her office job and got raves. Soon, her co-workers were coming to Reba for fashion advice. One day, Reba spied the same dress on a store window mannequin. Reba saw she had been wearing the dress backwards.
John and Jenna loved road trips. They especially loved to find different routes. There were often unexpected sights along the way. Many of their friends would rather fly than drive. They thought this idea was just crazy!
The wild rosebush grew in the woods. It was huge, more than six feet tall. It was covered with pink blooms. It only bloomed for a short time in spring. They always looked forward to this time of year.
Patrick was really depressed. His brother had died. It made him so sad. He finally talked to a professional. Now he is able to work out his problems.
Jim has a Spanish test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. Jim decided to play hooky from school. However, his mom caught him. Not only did he get grounded but he also got detention.
George was a clown who enjoyed to make children smile and laugh. He would make the quirkiest of balloon animals and pass them around. Many families hired him to perform at their children's birthday party. George was grateful for his skills as a party clown. He loved to perform and would do it until the day he died.
Lisa was ten Year's old. She wanted to watch a scary movie. Her parents forbade her because she was too young. She ended up watching the movie at a friend's house. Now she is afraid that aliens will eat her brain at night.
My friends agreed to play hide and go seek. Janice started to count for ten. Everyone else hid inside of the most unexpected areas. Janice managed to find all of us except David. A few minutes later, he came back in the parking lot with his car.
Neil wanted to see an old city in India. He heard that Delhi had a lot of history. He took a train trip into Delhi. There, he was impressed and awed by the old buildings. He thought Delhi was like a living monument!
Ryan didn't have a pencil case. He and his mom looked at the store. There weren't any pencil cases left. Ryan's mom sewed him a case that looked like a shark. Ryan liked the shark pencil case.
Zooey was washing dishes. She was about to finish up but had two pans left. Suddenly her water went cold. Without hot water she couldn't clean the greasy pans. She had to wait an hour for the hot water to return.
Nick started at a new school today. He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch. None of the other children would let Nick sit with them. Lucy felt bad for Nick. Lucy let Nick sit by her and eat.
Claire couldn't wait to get home from school. Her teacher had passed out field trip forms that day. Her class would be going to the Children's Museum. At home, Claire begged her mom to sign it. Claire's mom was amazed at her enthusiasm and signed it happily.
Michael was a high school football star. He accepted a full-ride scholarship to the University of Texas. He played in games but found players in college hit really hard. After a while, he was crying before each game. Michael came home and played football for a community college.
Bob wanted to make fried chicken. He bought all the ingredients. He even bought a fryer. He was so excited to make his own chicken. Bob's chicken turned out perfectly.
John was at a bar. He was talking to a beautiful woman all night. Finally it was time to go. She gave him her number. When he called the number later it was disconnected.
Mark is starting school next Monday. He needs a notebook. He goes to the local store. They don't have any. Mark decides to order some notebooks online.
Kayla arrived at the DMV for her road test. The instructor led her around the course. Along the way she failed every test. The instructor felt bad so he let her try again. In her second run she managed to fail only half.
I have always hated Valentine's Day, until I met my boyfriend. He took me out on a date. We ate a nice dinner and went to see a movie. We walked on the beach after we left the movies. He held my hand the entire time and now I enjoy Valentine's Day.
I noticed that my house was filling up with trash bags. I decided that I needed to take my trash out. I picked up one bag and brought it to the can outside. It took me twenty minutes before all the bags were gone. I looked at my house and it was much cleaner.
David bought a nice-looking painting at a garage sale. David's friend said he thought it looked like a Picasso. David became convinced he had found a treasure. He took it to an appraiser, and was told it was not priceless. David decided he still liked it and hung it over his fireplace.
Hillary wanted a second dog. He did not know what would be best for his current dog. He decided to research different breeds online. Hillary went to the Adoption Center and saw several choices. After weeks of thinking, he decided to go with a 13 week old lab mix.
Christmas is my favorite holiday. My parents have always made Christmas a big event. Even as an adult, I have childlike excitement. We open presents and eat too much food. Then we watch old Christmas movies and nap.
Starbucks is Kim's favorite place to get a coffee. Her husband thinks she is crazy to pay so much for it. She likes to socialize with the workers. Her trips to Starbucks isn't just about getting coffee. Everybody knows her there and they are like friends.
David wanted to save money on food. So he decided to live off of oatmeal. One week, it was very hot however. But he was determined to save money. David ended up having a heat stroke and had expensive hospital bills.
Dayna was an ungrateful lady. She took and used for her own pleasure. Dayna thought her methods would always benefit forever. One day, everyone she used wised up and left her. Dayna failed to see that it was always respect to measure.
I was driving alone late at night from Wyoming to Denver. I was bored, but my radio didn't work. I decided to listen to YouTube on my phone. I found out Youtube only works when my phone screen is on. I spent the next few hours tapping to keep it from going off.
Andrew took a chance crossing the street outside the crosswalk. The police rolled up and made him stop. They searched Andrew and found a bottle of codeine medicine. The police arrested Andrew because he didn't need a bottle of codeine. Andrew admitted he was selling the pills to feed his family.
Carlton liked to play with all children. One child was sick however. His mother told him not to play with him. And so Carlton listened. So he did not get sick.
My wife and her friend started a business. They had no way to track their sales. They got online and ordered sales pads. The pads came in the mail. They were able to track their sales.
Mary woke up Monday morning with a headache. She knew that she had to go to work in just one hour. After she drank her morning coffee she set out to work. Upon her arrival, her boss told her that her co-worker called in sick. That meant that Mary would have to pull a double shift!
Alan liked to go to the arcade. He had found a way to cheat a few of the machines to get free games. The owner of the arcade found out about Alan. He watched Alan until he caught him. The owner banned Alan from the arcade.
Nora and Mary's father left everything to their brother in his will. This left them with nothing. What would they do? Nora met a rich man. He took care of them both.
Art loved video games, and he was great at them! But his mom nagged him, saying video games wouldn't pay the bills. Art decided he could prove her wrong. After college, he went to work as a video game tester. And sure enough, he paid the bills - by playing video games!
Dan went to a family party with his mom. His cousin offered him a drink when they arrived. Although Dan's mom prohibits from drinking, he tried to drink. However, he had to hide from his mom throughout the whole party. Eventually his mom found out and yelled at him.
Angie brought her car to a mechanic. She showed her husband the estimate. He decided he'd better visit the mechanic himself. When the mechanic saw Angie's husband, he lowered the estimate. Angie thought it strange since her husband knew nothing about cars.
Andy was dating Caroline and things were going well. One day Andy asked her to go the fair with him. Caroline agreed and they had a great time at the fair. Caroline noticed she was falling in love with Andy and so was he/ They married after a month.
My washing machine broke. I had to purchase a new one. I put my first load of clothes in to be cleaned. That is when I found out that the machine plays music when it is done. Now washing the laundry is more pleasant.
The boy was always sad. His family was always arguing. There was nothing he could do. His parents wouldn't listen. Love was totally absent from his life.
I got a brand new skateboard for Christmas. The problem was I did not know how to use it. I decided to just try skateboarding down a hill. I fell flat on my face. I decided this skateboard would be better off in the garbage.
Tom was going to take a shower. He noticed there was no water pressure. He called the water company. A pipe had burst near his house. They had it fixed within two days.
The students heard the fire alarm. They were worried, but their teacher calmly lined them up at the door. They were led into a field. The students learned that the fire alarms was just a drill exercise. The students were relieved as they returned to class.
They gasped as the last large rock was moved. The fossil was nearly complete. The paleontologist grinned from ear to ear. He almost couldn't believe their luck. The Tyrannosaurus fossil was beautiful.
Carrie cannot wait until football season starts! Most chicks like her are not into it but she is. She is very popular among the guys and that is probably why. She also sings like an angel. She will perform the National Anthem on opening day.
There once was a man named Larry Butterfrog. He went down to buy World of Warcraft. However, he lacked the money. So, he had to go to his mom, who was miffed. And she told him to get a job.
My daughter's good friend Betty lives in San Diego. She had been dating a man there for three years. They were living together and were getting engaged. Last week she found him having a Snapchat affair. She threw him out and gave him back the ring.
Kenneth was traveling out of town. Dinnertime was approaching and Kenneth didn't have plans. Kenneth didn't know any of the restaurants in the town. He asked a local for advice on dining. Kenneth went to one of the restaurants the local recommended.
I bought a brand new bike. I decided to ride it for most of my activities. I woke up one morning for work. I got ready and got on my bike. I rode for a few miles to my office.
Kim wasn't feeling well. Her mother took her to the doctor. The doctor ordered her to get a shot. Kim was terrified. The nurse came in and calmed Kim down.
Mandy was talking to her parents. She was telling them about her sleepover with a friend last night. The truth was that she had been out at a club instead. Soon her parents noticed that her store had many holes in it. They caught her lie and grounded her.
Kyle and Matt were bunk mates at a basketball camp last summer. Kyle thought he was the better player, but Matt managed to beat him. Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game, and Kyle listened After a few more days at camp, Kyle begin to beat Matt in games. Matt then asked Kyle to help him improve his basketball skill.
Ken was carpooling with coworkers. He was running late. He begged everyone to wait for him just a bit longer. It took longer than expected and everyone was late. Ken was kicked out of the carpool.
I used to think junior college was not real college. When I enrolled, I thought it was a joke. After first semester, I was in love with the school. I received an award for Outstanding student, and excelled quickly. My opinion now is that junior college is excellent.
Andy got a new bowling ball. He was excited to test it out. Andy went to the nearest bowling alley with his friends. Andy threw the ball down the lane. He got a strike on his first throw!
Gina was making cookies she bought in a tube. She couldn't believe how easy it was. There was no mixing and measuring of ingredients. There was very little to clean up afterwards. Gina decided this was the way she would make cookies from now on.
James wanted a new look. He had a job interview coming up and wanted to make a good impression. He went to a new salon. The stylist made a mistake and cut his hair much too short. He yelled at her and stormed out.
Rob is walking down the street. Rob has headphones on. A man comes up behind Rob and grabs his wallet. Rob tries to run after the man who took his wallet. Rob could not catch the thief and loses his stuff.
Debbie's knee was giving her problems. She limped when she walked. Debbie got a knee brace from her doctor. It helped her a lot! Soon she could walk without a limp.
Tim dressed up as Santa for his two year old son. He walked into the house dressed in the costume. Tim went over to his son to say hello. His son burst into tears. Tim learned that his son is terrified of Santa.
Bob wanted to build a mill at his house. He had always dreamed of becoming a miller since he was a child. Bob worked hard at a boring job. He saved up enough money to build a mill. Bob quit his job and became a miller like he had always dreamed!
Dan had worked at the firm for 10 years. He poured his heart and soul into his work. This was his dream career. Dan got a call from his boss. It was time he got promoted!
Jim's favorite animal was the penguin. He had penguin posters and penguin bedsheets in his room. With his birthday coming up, he knew exactly what to ask for. Jim asked his parents for a pet penguin. Jim's parents laughed in response.
Tom got a new white area rug. His girlfriend was clumsy. She dropped wine on it within days. The stain never really came out. They got into a big fight over it.
It was the 4th of July. But Tim hated loud noises. So he stayed in his room and wore ear plugs. And he wished the night would end. But he regret being grumpy after his mom brought him some chili dogs.
My mom asked me what I wanted to eat. I told her that I wanted a hamburger with french fries. When she came home, she brought huge bag of groceries. When, I looked inside, here was only raw meat and vegetables. She changed her mind about fast food and decided to cook.
I had a stroke and need special shoes. I was heading out today. I could not find my right shoe. I started to panic, until I found the shoe under a blanket. I vowed to keep my shoes together from now on.
Yesterday I noticed my hair was damaged. I needed to repair it. I went to the store to get a mask. I put it on my hair for awhile. When it was done my hair felt amazing.
Nate was sleeping on the shuttle. When the bus made a wide turn, a water bottle fell out of his bookbag. It landed on the ground and rolled forward. Nate woke up and noticed where the bottle is. He decided to get it once the bus arrived to his stop.
Brian has been going through a bad breakup. His girlfriend of three years just left him. He's been staying at home all week. He won't even let his friends see him. Everybody hopes that he gets over it soon.
Bob was very nervous! It was performance review time. He knew he had had a good year, and he planned to ask for a raise. He steeled himself to ask-but before he could, his boss interrupted. The boss offered Bob a raise- much larger than the one Bob had wanted!
Lance was deciding weather to come out to his friends and family. He was very nervous about the whole situation. He decided he liked boys instead of girls. He swallowed his pride and decided to tell his mother. He came out of the closet to his friends family.
Rod stole a car for a joyride. He thought he would never get caught. But the car had a tracking device in it! The owner tracked the car and had the cops arrest Rod. Rod was taken straight to jail to await a trial.
Lidia received braces as a kid. After getting them off, she didn't wear her retainer. Her teeth moved drastically. She reached her 20's with crooked teeth. Now she has to pay thousands of dollars for her young mistake.
Kate and her friends were at a dead club in Las Vegas. There were less than 100 people inside. The dance floor was almost empty. But they decided to make the most of it. They stood on the dance floor pretending to enjoy themselves.
Crysta's mom called her often, usually three times a day. Her mom always had opinions on how she was raising her kids. She would tell Crysa that she was being too hard on them. Crysta finally got upset and hung up on her mom. Her mom tried to call her back but Crysta would not answer.
Tasha stood outside her apartment. It was raining outside. She tried hailing a taxi, but none of them would stop. Tasha decided to walk instead. She got where she was going but also got very wet.
Annette is very mean. She always gets invited to Megan's birthday party. Megan decided to not invite Annette to her party this year. She discovered her party was much more fun without Annette. Megan feels good about her decision.
Barry has a grand garden in his backyard. Barry noticed a lot of fruits were ready to be picked. Barry got his basket and picked apples from the tree. Barry realized he had more fruit than he can personally eat. Barry decided he would give some of his fruit to his neighbors.
Mom makes the best spaghetti sauce. As she was cooking, she got a phone call. She was not paying attention and put in too much salt. She served the sauce and everyone ate it. When mom tasted it, she couldn't believe how bad it was.
Margaret had a strange neighbor. He was an old man who liked to play the clarinet. One day Margaret decided to ask him about his clarinet. They ended up talking for hours. Margaret decided he wasn't so strange after all.
Been used to run track. His favorite distance was the 400 meter. Once at practice, though, Ben had an accident. He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel. He skinned his knee, and though embarrassed, Ben got up and finished.
Ray and Ron had never really spoken to each other. Their wives were friends, though, and they saw each other often. One day Ron sat down to watch a game with Ray as their wives talked. To their mutual surprise, each found the other funny and kind! They quickly became buddies and agreed to watch every game together.
Sam thought no one remembered his birthday. His friend Ted came over as usual so they could go bowling. At the bowling alley all his friends and family surprised him! They planned his birthday party months earlier. Sam now knows his friends would never forget his birthday.
Bill was playing with his friends. They dared him to climbed the tall tree. They said he was chicken if he didn't do it. Bill thought long and hard. He decided to go find better friends.
Angela was wrapping a gift. She had wrapping paper and tape but no scissors! She ripped her house apart looking for the scissors. She finally gave up and used a knife. The wrapping job didn't look very good!
I watched the first few episodes of a cartoon but didn't like it. I thought my friend would like it. I told her about it and encouraged her to watch it. Now she is obsessed with this cartoon. We joke about how I dislike it but allowed her to find it.
Tanner was an actor in a play. He was supposed to be at the auditorium for opening night. Unfortunately, his sister was sick and he was held up. Finally she was able to get to sleep and he left for the show. When he got there, he was too late and they had sent in an understudy.
Alex loved his new computer. He would play on it everyday. One day his computer crashed and wouldn't turn on anymore. Alex became suicidal. One day his father fixed his computer and Alex was no longer suicidal!
T'Pol was an African tribal chief. He went into his chambers to contact the spirits. He asked them why his people were contracting Ebola. Then T'Pol realized something. They just needed to bury their dead instead of touching them.
John's baseball team came in last place last year. That is about to change. John and the other players worked harder to get better. His team got first place. They even won championship.
Angel forgot to set her alarm. She woke up when the light came in through the window. Angel looked at the clock and saw she was late for work. She called her boss and told him she overslept. The boss laughed and told her to take her time coming in.
Tina was shopping for her son's first birthday. She had everything she needed except for the perfect cake. She was perusing the shelves but nothing stood out. Luckily the baker offered to show her some special new cakes. Tina found the perfect one for her son and thanked the baker.
Forest was doing construction work. He needed to break apart cement. He tried using a regular hammer, but was unsuccessful. He then tried using a larger sledgehammer. He was able to easily break the cement.
Cherri's boss was getting on her nerves. She decided to take her first sick day in Years. She went to the beach on her day off. She found several co-workers there as well. Half of the office came back to work the next day tanned.
Bob was concerned about his old water heater. He didn't have the money to afford a new one. Bob called a plumber to inspect it. The plumber replaced the rod and said it should last another decade. Bob was very relieved he didn't have to replace the whole heater.
Spirit came back to the house, but something was wrong. Timmy Jackson had been riding Spirit, yet she'd returned without him. A search party combed the forest for 2 days looking for Timmy. Fortunately Timmy was a prankster, and had just gone home. When his parents found out, he got his ass beat.
Sarah lived alone. She wanted company because she was lonely. She decided to buy a dog. The dog was very fluffy. The dog made Sarah happy.
Jenny wanted to spend the day at the beach. She gathered her towel, sunscreen and beach umbrella to take. Once she got to the beach, she picked out a perfect spot to relax. Jenny watched the waves roll in and felt the hot sun on her skin. After a few hours, Jenny decided it was time to leave and went home.
Martin took out his old baseball bat. He swung it. It seemed heavier than before. He swung again and hit a lamp. Martin swept up the glass off the garage floor.
Tony liked eating snack foods. Chips and salsa were his favorite. Whenever he was hungry, he'd pour a bowl of salsa. He could eat the whole container in a weekend. Tony decided to start making his own salsa.
Jim lived too much in the past. He loved retelling old stories, ignoring the present. His children worried about him. They tried to distract him with stories they had just experienced. But Jim couldn't escape the trap of his mind.
Kevin was hungry. He couldn't find anything to eat in the kitchen. Kevin drove into town to eat. He got a burger at a fast food restaurant. Kevin felt full.
Hannah was excited to prank people on April first. She had a good idea to fill her bottle with salt water and offer sips. All day people asked for a sip of water only to taste salt. By the end of the day everyone knew about the prank. Still Hannah had fun while it lasted.
Last month I took my very first trip to New York City. I was super excited to stay near Central Park. The trip was going well until I got bitten by a stray dog. I had to be rushed to the hospital. Thankfully I was alright but it was still scary.
Jessey has always hated doing dishes. Her mother used to make her do the dishes when she was young. If she didn't do them right, her mom would hit her. Because of that, she always feels angry doing dishes. Her roommate doesn't understand why she hates doing dishes.
Bella wanted a tablet. So she went to an electronics store. She compared her choices. But she bought one with low storage space to save money. Bella later regret not spending more money.
Brenda was a single mom. Brenda's child was two years old and named Kyle. One day Brenda heard Kyle reading a newspaper article. Brenda was stunned by this, and took Kyle to be tested. The researchers told Brenda that Kyle was a rare breed of genius!
Frank was driving on a highway. Suddenly, his car began to stall and Frank had to pull over. After investigating, Frank realized his car was broken. Frank picked up his phone and called for help. After an hour or so, a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank.
Ann had what she thought was a decent grade in math class. She had a b grade. Later she found out it was not good enough. Her teacher said she needed above a 90. Ann realized she had to try better next year.
Jason wanted to get food. He asked his friend, joe, where he wanted to go. They went to applebee's. Joe drove there. It was closed.
Gina's siblings, and friend were playing Spades. Gina left the game to watch a sci-fi show she liked. Her siblings disliked the show. So she was rarely able to watch it. But with them occupied at least she was able to finish an episode.
I woke up not feeling like working. I had zero motivation to get started. After I took a shower, I checked my email. I found a $20 bonus and was happy. It was the encouragement I needed to start my day.
Bob's wife wanted to watch a movie about a dying mother. Bob had no desire to waste an evening watching a chick flick. However, he decided to watch the movie. His actions earned him brownie points. The next time Bob want to watch a game his wife didn't complain.
The news agency reported a scandal. People were interested in it. The news started covering the scandal exclusively. Eventually people grew tired of the scandal. The news agency changed their reporting.
Birds are fun to watch and listen to. There are many birds in our city. We went downtown and sat on a park bench. Pigeons left many wet droppings and Mike got some on his shirt. Maybe not all birds are fun.
Carlita didn't play an instrument but she loved music. She joined the color guard of the Jefferson High marching band. It was a great way meet people and show her school spirit. Her costume made her feel beautiful and dramatic. The flag she used for the show was as bright as her smile.
I could not find my cat. I looked all over my house for him. When I couldn't find him, I started crying. As I cried, something rubbed against my leg. It was my cat!
Tony was lined up on the start in his car. The flag waved and he was off. He zoomed around the race track. Each lap he raced he got quicker and quicker. He won the race and easily beat his the other racers.
Ronald was taking intro to Anatomy. He was grouped with three beautiful women. He had no idea what to really expect being sheltered all his life. His face turned bright red as soon as the teacher started speaking. The group giggled but Ronald learned quite a few things.
Nick was tasked with moving merchandise. He loaded all of the crates onto a cart. It was quite heavy so he couldn't move it himself. He called his friend to help him. Together they moved the whole cartload of merchandise.
Sarah rushed home to see her cat in labor Her cat bubbles was about to have kittens! Sarah carefully tended bubbles as she lay her litter. There were 6 adorable kittens in all! Sarah found them loving homes by donating them to her friends.
When Melissa came home, her daughter was sobbing on the sofa. She asked her what had happened. It turned out that a bully had stolen her daughter's teddy bear. Melissa called the school's principal. And she asked to have the bully punished for what he did.
Joe decided to go to Switzerland. It was incredibly cold there. He caught a nasty cold. Joe came back home. He vowed never to leave sunny California ever again.
I tried to buy a car from a dealer in 2000. We signed an agreement for a car without air conditioning. The dealer backed out of the agreement. I sued the dealer in small claims court for breach of contract. The judge ruled in favor of the dealer.
The family was on vacation in Florida. They drove to see the swamp. It was dark and creepy and gloomy. They had never seen anything like it! They took lots of pictures of the swamp.
Adam was a great tennis player. He won many awards playing tennis for clubs and at his school. Adam was about to graduate. A college offered him a tennis scholarship. Adam accepted the scholarship and attended the college.
Danielle loves to travel with her mom. One year they went to Mt Pilatus in Switzerland. At the top Danielle got separated from her mom. After two hours of searching she gave up and went down to the bottom. There was her mom relaxing in a local cafe.
Freddy was a very young very smart boy. He had his own computer and knew several programming languages. He decided to try to hack into NASA's server to find proof of aliens. NASA didn't notice until Freddy had stolen a lot of data. Freddy eventually got caught and never did find any evidence.
Matt learned that beans were a healthy food. He decided to eat some. Matt ate a big bowl of beans for dinner. He felt full and satisfied. He was happy to be eating healthy food.
Evan went for a walk in the woods. He carried his water bottle with him in case he got thirsty. He dropped his water bottle on the ground. As he reached for it, his hand brushed against some poison ivy. Evan spent the next few days itching the rash it caused.
Jackie was participating in an engineering program. Their class got to build a robot to compete in a race. The robot took a lot of time and effort. In the end, it pulled through. Their robot made it into the final round!
Tommy was partying hard the night before. He slept past his alarm clock. He woke up late to his final exam. He rushed to class and made it with 30 minutes left. He was able to complete his test even though he was late.
Joe was playing a game on cards. He was very competitive and played with his friends. Joe wanted to win so badly. He put all of his money into this game. Joe draws a full house and wins the whole jackpot.
John needed his laundry done. John gathered his laundry. John visited a nearby laundry shop. John dropped his laundry off. John returned the next day to retrieve his clean clothes.
Ryan decides that he needs to lose weight. However, he hates working out. Ryan decides to stop eating so much. He cuts carbohydrates as part of his new diet. Ryan is glad to be trying to lose weight.
Fred had always wanted to try painting. He asks a friend to pose for a portrait. His friend agrees to pose for him. Fred paints a terrific portrait of his friend. He is very proud that he has finally tried painting.
Today is Angela's Birthday! She is so excited. All her friends came over to celebrate. She got many lovely gifts. Angela had the best birthday ever.
Tom wanted to buy a new tv. He figured there would be good sales on Black Friday. Tom found the perfect one. He bought it online and picked up in store. He still dealt with big crowds, but it wasn't nearly as bad.
Tina was having her birthday party. It was quite exciting. But when she opened gifts everyone got her the same thing. She was rather horrified. Tina didn't want the gift.
The tech store was having a deal. They were giving away free headphones with a purchase. Everyone went crazy. So many wanted headphones. So the store went sold out right away.
Jake was driving his car on the highway. He heard police sirens behind him. A police officer pulled him over. The police officer told him he had a broken taillight. The police officer told Jake to get it fixed.
Since my father destroyed my kidney, I've had high blood pressure. I've been taking medication to lower it for 20 years. The medication controlled my heart rate, so it made me tired always. The doctor sent me to a nephrologist. They said there was nothing they could do.
In a heated chess match, Mike was two moves from winning. His opponent moved his king on space toward Mike. Mike laughed and positioned his queen. Mike had put the king in check and the other played panicked. One move later Mike had the other player in checkmate.
Mitch stayed at a hotel for a week one time. The maid would change his sheets even though she didn't have to. On the last day Mitch was there he left a large tip for the maid. When Mitch was checking out, the maid came up to him and thanked him. Mitch told her she deserved it and smiled as he walked away.
My cousin came to town to visit yesterday. We went to a park and played with his model plane. After, we had dinner at our house. When he left, he gave me his old plane controller. I hope my cousin comes back to visit again soon.
Tom's parents told him to stay away from the woods. He decided to not listen and went into the woods. While walking he came across a skunk. He stayed still but the skunk sprayed him. Tom had take tomato baths for a week.
Fall allergies had begun. She awoke with swollen eyes and a runny nose. Her eyes were even beginning to tear up. She took some benadryl in her night stand. She fell back to sleep because they made her drowsy.
The man brought his groceries to the cashier. The cashier rang up the groceries. The man couldn't find his wallet. He left the store embarrassed. He went to another store to do his shopping the next time.
Cathy loved socks. She had all different kinds. She was happy when she got a new pair for her birthday. They were brightly colored and had cats on them. Cathy happily wore her new socks to school the next day.
Cindy was a waitress. She worked at a bed and breakfast. She never got paid less than fifty dollars in tips. Today was an exception. Cindy made three hundred dollars.
Roger is a basketball player for his community. He is currently in a close game. His team is down by 1 point with 10 seconds left. The ball is passed inbound to Roger. Roger takes the shot and swish it goes in!
Ed was computer savvy, and fixed computers for his family. One day, Ed's father brought an old laptop by. Ed's father said the old laptop wouldn't work. Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button. Ed's father pushed the power button, and the laptop started working.
I took my friend to some off road trails. He managed to get stuck climbing up a ledge. I tried to push him off from above. I ended up running over the front of his grill and headlamp. His wife later wanted to know how we managed to do that kind of damage.
Kim was trying to get to work. She couldn't find her car keys anywhere. Finally she noticed a sound coming from her dog. He had been carrying them around the whole time. Kim got the keys and ran out the door.
Jessica found it hard to be serious around John. John was always so serious himself, it made her giggle senselessly. John asked her to stop as he didn't get why she always laughed. Jessica told him she would if he smiled. When he smiled, she smiled, but didn't giggle.
Dan came into contact with a rehab therapist. The therapist showed him several exercises to build body strength. Since Dan was really skinny, exercising was hard. For the past two month, he remained persistent. He ended up with several muscles.
Karina eats fruit daily. Karina likes apples, oranges, kiwi, and berries. Today Karina ate an apple. Karina's apple was red and very sweet. Karina ate a waffle after she ate her apple.
Tom was at the beach with friends. He had too much fun and forgot to put sunscreen on. Within hours someone pointed out how red he was. Tom was severely sunburned. He had to leave and get special healing lotion.
Neil took a speedboat from the tip of Australia north. He entered Papua New Guinea. There he studied the fascinating local culture. He even learned about the old headhunters! Neil wished he could buy a shrunken head as a souvenir!
Randy is outside cutting down trees. He cuts down a bunch of trees. Randy gets tired. As he is cutting down the last tree it falls on him. The tree breaks Randy's neck.
The spy was going on a mission. He had to infiltrate isis. He tried to join and they let him. They later on caught him taking on the phone. They killed him.
Diana had a problem with her phone screen. She took it to a repair store. The assistant talked to her about the problem. He confirmed that he would be able to fix it. When she came back a week later, he said that the phone broke.
My brother's cat likes to leave the apartment. One day my brother went to work. He came home and found the cat in the hall. She had sneaked out when he opened the door. The cat was hungry and went home eagerly.
The steering wheel in Eli's car was disgusting. It was breaking up and melting in the heat. It would get tar-like stuff on his hands when he drove it. Eli bought and installed a leather wheel cover. The problem was entirely solved and Eli had no more wheel concerns.
It was Christmas and I didn't expect much. I was poor when I was little so I was just happy to get what I could. Finally, it was my turn to get a present. I unwrapped the present and I was excited to see what I got. It was a new video game console.
Andy had subscribed for a magazine. He never read it. The magazine subscription was about to expire. Andy didn't have the money to subscribe. He let the subscription run out.
Michael's dad took him to the carnival. They saw a balloon vendor. Michael wanted a red balloon. The vendor was sold out a red balloons. Michael sadly got a blue balloon instead.
One day Zoey and her friends went to the planetarium. They got a front row seat. The show was awesome. They saw lots of different planets and stars. They had a lot of fun.
Jean stopped for coffee on her way to work. As she was driving, she had to stop suddenly. Hot coffee splashed onto her leg. Fortunately she was wearing long pants. It hurt a bit but it wasn't serious.
I took Cash hiking one day. Cash saw a squirrel in the distance. Cash started to chase the squirrel The squirrel tried to run up a tree cash caught the squirrel
Mandy was invited to a party. She didn't know what to wear. Someone told her she should get a black dress. She had one, but it was way too small for her. She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt.
In the city of Compton, Jason pulled into a gas station for gas. Another guy got out of a car and walked up to Jason. The guy wanted to talk to Jason about his car. Jason pumped his gas and replaced the gas nozzle on the pump. Jason opened his car door and the guy punched him and took his car.
The team refused to practice. The coach tried to change their mind. The team ignored the coach. They played a game on Saturday. They lost the game horribly.
Grace was having trouble with her classes. She discovered that part of the problem was her vision. She went to the doctor and got a pair of contacts. She now can see better. Grace also has better grades in school.
Dale was driving home from work one evening. A dog ran out into the road. Dale slammed on his brakes and barely missed it. The car behind him slammed into his car. Dale had to swap insurance information.
The man cleaned his ear. His ear still felt clogged. He went to the doctor. The doctor cleaned the man's ear. The man felt better.
I enjoy cat fishing with my husband. We were at the lake one night with shrimp for bait. I felt a tug at my line, and knew I had something big. It seemed like hours while I reeled my fish in. I ended up with a twelve pound catfish!
Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone. He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one. He was so excited that he immediately took it out of the package. Ronald ran back home but ended up tripping and breaking it. Ronald was angry with himself and had to walk back to the store.
The Tigers were getting ready to play in the championship game. All the players were excited to get the game started. They were playing their cross team rivals. As the game begins the Tigers jumped out to an early lead. After a hard fought battle the Tigers won the Championship.
Tommy wanted to buy a new computer. After some research he decided to build a PC himself. He found a site that spelled out compatible parts lists. He shopped around for the cheapest parts he could get. The PC he made was more powerful than computers twice its price.
Andrew wanted a new homophone. His old one was messed up. So Andrew went to the store to get one. Andrew bought a nice new one. Andrew was happy of the choice he made.
Yesterday I made some good hot chocolate. The hot chocolate was delicious. I made it with white chocolate. I also put whipped cream on it. It was the best ever.
Bogart lived on a farm. He loved bacon. He decided to buy a pig. Shortly after, he grew fond of the pig. Bogart stopped eating bacon.
Shelle loved to play tennis. However her backhand was horrible. She decided to start taking lessons to work on it. She started getting better and better. Eventually she had the best back hand on her team.
Kevin was a faster runner than Charles. But Charles desired to be faster. They both joined the track team but Charles was more serious. Charles noticed he practiced a lot more than Kevin. One afternoon, for fun, they raced and Charles won.
The band had waited all year for battle of the bands. They practiced quite a bit and were hoping to do well. On the stage they played ok but the crowd didn't seem into it. All of a sudden, a shower of sparks from the lighting appeared. The crowd assumed this was an effect and voted so the band one.
I ordered something online a week ago. But it kept getting delayed. So I complained about this problem. And I was expected to receive a $35 gift card. But my gift card took several months to arrive.
Elise went to the store. In the wine aisle, she got down to look at the bottom shelf. She picked up a bottle with a picture of a rooster on the label. Then she read the description of it on the back. She decided to buy the bottle because of the rooster.
Frank has had difficulty sleeping for months. His doctor tells him to stop drinking so much coffee in the afternoon. Frank gradually decreases his coffee drinking habit. Finally he finds it easier to fall asleep. Frank is very happy that he can sleep more easily.
Jonathan did not like the beach a lot. One day it was very sunny. Jonathan decided to visit the beach once more. Jonathon had a very good time at the beach. After that, Jonathan visited the beach a lot more.
A man went out early one morning. It was freezing cold, so he wore his winter coat. By midmorning, he was uncomfortably hot. By noon, he found himself sweating uncontrollably. He resolved, next time, to check the day's overall forecast.
Brad is taking a walk in the woods. It's what he does to get away from it all. Brad see's something brown in the woods. He notices it's a huge bear. Brad runs quickly back to safety.
Neil flew into Lebanon and checked into his hotel. Then he went to the local market, called a souk. He shopped there for clothes, food, and jewelry. He bought lovely souvenirs for his family. He couldn't wait for them to see his Lebanese finds!
John went through security at the airport. He removed all items from his pockets. He went through scanner. It beeped. They found out he forgot to take his belt off.
My friend is a philosophy teacher. He has always hated tv. He claimed they could corrupt his children's minds. He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime. He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds.
James was nervous for his job interview. He had just recently graduated from college. James arrived to the job interview early. When he was called he suddenly remembered he forgot his resume. Fortunately the interviewer had a copy on his laptop.
Mary takes a daily medication for a chronic condition. One day, she noticed she had run out of pills. She submitted a refill request to Walgreen's. She received a text message when the prescription was ready. She picked up the prescription that same day.
I had backstage passes to meet my favorite music artist. I had dreamed of this day my whole life. When I finally met him, he was mean and rude. He was so rude, I abruptly left and opted out of a picture with him. I later threw away all memorabilia and CD's from this artist.
Ben wanted a dump truck for Christmas. He wrote it in a letter for Santa. Then he gave the letter to his mom to mail. On Christmas, he rushed downstairs excitedly. And there under the tree was a big new dump truck!
Nancy and her boyfriend were fighting. She used to write him notes. She mentioned he wasn't romantic in the fight. He went to his room and got all the notes he had collected. She was touched he had kept them.
Jane was listening to the radio while driving. She heard a good song on the radio come on. As she crested a hill, the signal turned to static. She tried to find another good song on a different station. The best she found was talk radio.
The kids were at a petting zoo. They saw a very funny llama. They kept trying to pet it, but he would run away! They spent all day trying to play with the llama. Finally he let them pet his ear.
Martha liked to knit socks. She would spend all day making many pairs. She usually donated them to a children's hospital. She took a huge box full of them to donate. The kids were all very happy.
Whitney needed new makeup. She went to the local department store. While there she went to the MAC counter. They helped her pick out the perfect shades of blush and lipstick. Whitney cannot wait to sport her new makeup.
Sharon was an Army recruiter. She visited the local high schools to speak with graduates. She wanted to help them see the benefits of the joining the Army. Sharon spoke with hundreds of teens but many chose not to join. She was just happy to be able to help the few she could.
Harry was afraid of heights. His friends convinced him to hang glide. Harry set up life insurance. He jumped off the cliff. He flew into a building.
Sam and his friend Steve went to the beach. They found an uncrowded space near the pier. They decided to go for a swim. When they got back to the chairs they saw that their cooler was gone. Sam said his car keys were in the cooler.
Jennifer decided to grill some corn one day. She went outside and preheated her grill. She peeled back the corn husks and removed silk. She then wrapped each ear of corn in aluminum foil. She placed them on the grill.
Abdul wanted to fly an airplane. Abdul studied for many years to become a pilot. After much hard work, Abdul finally became a pilot! Abdul was hired by a big airline company. Because of his hard work, Abdul now flies every day.
My friend's sister had a bulldog. The dog wandered out on the street one day. It was killed by a car. She bought the same type of dog a year later. She keeps a close eye on it.
Tom loved smoothies. Tom bought a new blender. Tom broke the blender on the second day of use. Tom was unable to return the blender. Tom had to buy another blender.
Mark and Amy's mom died and they were cleaning her condemned house. There was a painting of their old mother on the wall and they argued. Neither of them wanted it but thought the other should take it. Mark finally told Amy he was just leaving it for the bulldozer. Amy was guilty and took it, only to discover $10,000 behind it!
Annie woke up one morning to her baby's crying. This time something seemed off so she rushed to check. The baby's voice sounded weak and sick. She took him into the doctor that day. Luckily they were able to give him medicine to help.
Ava's parents got a new puppy. At first Ava didn't like it. It barked a lot and peed everywhere. But soon it got better and quieter. Very soon, Ava loved her family's new puppy!
Tom moved into a new apartment. He was playing music one night. His neighbor knocked on his door to complain. Tom apologized and said he didn't realize it was so late. The neighbors accepted and Tom never did that again.
Lisa went to a steak restaurant. When she ordered a steak it had issues. She had to send it back. Yet when she got it back it had a bite out of it. Lisa was horrified.
My grandpa smoked since he was thirteen. When he was seventy two he developed throat cancer. He fought very hard and for a long time to beat it. It was the scariest time in my life. He passed away three years ago and I miss him so much.
Grace was doing an experiment for her science fair. She had been working hard on the project for months. One day, a jealous classmate tried to destroy her display. Luckily she salvaged it just before the judges arrived. Even botched her experiment won the first place ribbon.
Nick had an amazing smile. But when his wisdom tooth grew weird, it pushed his teeth askew. He asked the dentist if he could do anything about it. The dentist removed the wisdom tooth but couldn't do more. Nick had to accept his new smile.
Fisher loved to go fishing every single day. He enjoyed it so much he went with his friends. After a while, he became the best. One day, he caught a very big fish. Then, he was on TV for finding the biggest fish.
My grass was turning very brown. I went to the hose in my backyard. I turned it onto the shower setting. I sprayed water across my yard. I went inside and relaxed on the couch.
The cat smelled a shoe. It smelled like another cat. The cat urinated on the shoe. The owner put the shoe on later. He was surprised it was soaked with urine.
My children asked for a pet for Christmas. I decided I would buy them one as a gift. I went to the pet shop. I chose 2 young kittens and brought them home. My children were pleased with their new pets!
Every year my office sends me to host a job fair. I have to sit around and try to tell kids about my company. I market candles for a living. I don't even want to hear about my job. At the end of every fair I am lucky to have one signature.
My brother bought a 32 inch television. I wanted to buy a television as well. I bought a 40 inch television to out do my brother. My brother then went out and bought a 50 inch TV. After that we both laughed at our foolish decisions.
I went to the mall today to get a few items. But when I was there I saw a candy store. I decided to walk in. I was amazed at all the items and tried a lot of samples. I ended up spending about one hundred dollars.
A man saw the sprinkler was broken. He ran to fix it. He got all the parts he needed. He dug up the sprinkler. The sprinklers were fixed.
The manager of a printing company answered the phone. A client asked if he could do a rush job by the end of the day. The scale of the job was very big so the manager said no. The client said if it was a money issue then he would pay any price. The manager thought for a second and then agreed to do the job.
John's favorite artist just came out with a new CD. So John drove to the store to get it. John took the CD home to listen to it. John listened to it all day. It was the best album he has heard.
I seen the first Star Wars movie when I was ten. I fell in love with the Star Wars movies. I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie. A new Star Wars movie is coming out at the end of 2015. I'm going to wait in line for a week before the premier.
John loved race cars. One day while in town, he noticed a car show. John and his father admired all the racing cars in the car show. John was able to sit in one of the race cars. John said this was the best day of his life!
Albert really loved pencils and pens. He decided to open a stationery store. He bought lots of inventory for the store. He advertised in the local paper. Lots of people came to his grand opening at the end of the week.
Jerry was playing a pickup basketball game. All of a sudden, he felt dizzy. He fell down on the ground. Jerry was dehydrated. He felt better after drinking some water. k
I was out my house alone at night. I felt lonely, so I called my friend. He said that he was currently on the phone with another friend. We thought it would be fun to get together. We all met up at my house and watched a movie.
Mitchell's neighbors went on vacation a month ago. They asked him to watch their house while they were away. A hurricane formed over the gulf and it headed his way. His neighbors didn't anticipate a storm and left their house unboarded. Mitchell bought lumber and boarded up his neighbor's' home.
Joe's family was growing. He was getting ready to welcome his fifth child. Joe needed a bigger car but didn't want a minivan. Joe had to buy a minivan because of its price and number of seats. Joe was surprised at how much he liked his new van.
I really wanted to learn how to play drums. So I went out and bought myself a drum kit. Playing drums was really hard at first. But after a year I really got the hang of it. I'm really enjoying playing the drums now.
Greg never liked the snow as a child. As he got older he learned how to ski. He came to love the snow then. As he got older the cold began to bother his back. Greg now would rather stay near the warm fireplace.
The kids were playing outside. They all climbed onto the swing. They swung back and forth. As they got higher and higher, they all screamed. It was so fun being high in the air!
Joe wanted to join the Army. He had to take a physical exam. He was afraid he would not pass. But after the test, the sergeant congratulated him. He welcomed Joe into the Army, saying he had passed!
John was turning 25 today. He got a large package in the mail. It was a present from his parents. His parents sent him a brand new computer! John called his parents and thanked them.
Nina loved to eat oranges and she attended a local elementary school. It was winter and many sicknesses were going around the school. In her class, all of her friends caught a bad cold and missed days. Nina ate an orange every day and never got sick. She had the best attendance record in her whole class.
Jane stole a twenty dollar bill from her mom's purse. Jane's mom looked everywhere for the twenty dollars, not finding it. Jane's mom finally asked Jane if she had seen the money. Jane began to feel badly about what she had done. Jane came clean and confessed the theft to her mom.
Jason went to a beach where there is typically no one. He went there to think about his love life, he needed a wife. He went inside an abandoned lighthouse and walked up the stairs. At the top level he saw a brunette in black shorts and red shirt. She was beautiful and Jason couldn't help but introduce himself.
Sebastian was an expert fly fisherman. He asked his nephew Cornelius to accompany him fishing one day. Cornelius flung the rod far back above his head. The hook pierced into Sebastian's ear. Sebastian vowed never to bring along his nephew fishing again.
Mary felt weak all of the time. She went to the doctor who ran some tests on her. A week later, the doctor told her that she had cancer. Mary was treated aggressively with the most modern drugs. She made a full recovery.
Tammy's husband was working part time at a startup. His startup was in a different city. Tammy was worried about having to move. Her husband's start off became successful. Tammy and her husband are moving to the city.
Mike was really excited about Black Friday this year. He was looking forward to picking up some more hard drives. He found a deal that gave 20% off one's first order at Jet. That put a five terabyte drive at under one hundred dollars. Mike couldn't resist placing an order for one.
Ray went for a walk outside. Halfway through the walk, it began to rain. Ray turned around and headed home. But still, he was soaking wet by the time he got there. Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking.
Dan took his daughter's car to the auto repair shop. They told her the repair would cost more than the car was worth. Dan sadly told his daughter her car was not going to be repaired. His daughter informed Dan she had money saved and would fix it. His daughter happily paid to have her car repaired.
Shawn needs a new look for school. After school he dyes his hair. The next day at school everyone laughs at him. Shawn tries to wear a ball cap over his hair. The teacher took his hat and he ran home in embarrassment.
Harry was starving. He really wanted food. He went to a near restaurant. He ordered his favorite chili. He left really happy.
Sarah couldn't squeeze another hanger in her closet. She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things. She got some free boxes from the liquor store in town. Everything she no longer needed got folded and placed in the boxes. When she was done, she donated everything and felt great.
Kelly was riding the bus home from school. She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep. Suddenly, she was shaken awake. She learned she had slept through her bus stop. She had to walk home from a different stop.
Jerry was talking to the family. He was mentioning several of his accomplishments in the past month. I became tense since I was jealous. Therefore, I stood up to Jerry and pushed him. He landed on the ground.
Scott was in school. He was uncomfortable in his desk and shifting around. Suddenly as his legs spread too far he felt his jeans rip. He was so embarrassed he rushed straight home after class. Luckily no one seemed to notice his pants.
Scott and his dad go fishing every year on Scott's birthday. The weather was suppose to be rainy that day. They decided to go a week before. They went out on the boat and caught many fish. The weather was terrific and they had a great time.
Jose went to an amusement park with his family. He saw the biggest roller coaster that he had ever seen while there. Him and his cousin decided that they were going to wait in line. While in line they were nervous, but knew that it would be fun. After they got off the ride the slapped hands and were happy.
Bidd Badd sat his sister down. He looked her right in the eyes. Then he gave her the terrible news. She started crying. They didn't win the local lottery.
Miles feels restless after working all day. He decides to go to the park and walk by the flowers. When he sees a couple there it reminds him of how lonely he is. After seeing the couple Miles decides to go back home. He decides not to go walking by the flowers again.
Dave loved his black mustang. It was one of the fastest cars around. Unfortunately Dave's mother was sick. Dave decided to sale his baby. It afforded him money to pay for his mom's hospital bill.
There was a young writer who once found a wonderful opportunity. It was so very exciting and the writer's mind was racing. He could make money from this opportunity, but there were rules. He got to it and grinded out the work, but didn't mind the rules. The opportunity was spoiled- never to be had again.
Helen was invited to join the school play by her drama teacher. She was rather shy about being on stage. The drama teacher had to build up Helen courage. He practiced with her on how to overcome her shyness. Helen was eventually able to speak her lines in the play out aloud.
The weather was starting to turn cold. Josh did not have a coat. He decided to go shopping. He found the perfect coat. He bought it and was glad he found a warm coat.
There was always a stray walking around outside. I always wanted to pet it, but it never came up to me. It was a fluffy white cat, and I'd lure it close with treats. One day, he walked inside my house and meowed at me. His name is now Dude, and he's no longer a stray.
I was reading a book. It was while I was working as a lifeguard. My boss came by. I got in trouble. She made me swim a few laps.
Fred had no nails. But he never bothered to cut them. While he was cooking breakfast one day, a nail got into his food. Fred was upset his breakfast was ruined. And he cut his nails right away.
Sam was on vacation. He took a taxi ride to his hotel. He noticed it took longer than his gps said it would. Sam complained but was ignored. He called the company and got a partial refund.
Selena always tried to get a great Christmas photo. Unfortunately her family hated posing for photos. Selena had to resort to bribery to convince them to do it. Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place. The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it.
Tracy was pumped. Today, she was going to get to do something she had wanted to try. Tracy was going ziplining. She got up on the platform, got on the zipline, and took off. Tracy yelled loudly as she zipped down, having a great time.
Dolly didn't like eating pasta. Her family went eat at her grandmother's house. Dolly's mother had cooked spaghetti. Dolly lied and said she wasn't hungry. Dolly made herself a sandwich when she got home.
Matthew went to a local bakery to collect taxes. The woman made an excuse for why she didn't pay her taxes that year. Matthew was very hungry. He eyed a cinnamon roll with desire. The woman smiled and offered the cinnamon roll if he left.
Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner. It ended up coming out very dry. His wife decided to make some gravy. She went to the kitchen and threw the gravy together. With the gravy on top, the turkey was much easier to eat.
Charles was excited about learning how to build websites. He enrolled in the website building class. It was a summer course only six weeks long. He struggled but made it through the assignments. He failed the final but the teacher passed him with a c minus.
Stew loved the game operation. He was just so bad at it. He couldn't grab anything without the buzzer going off. Stew grew up to be heart surgeon. He loves it because humans don't have buzzers.
Jack liked building paper planes. One day, he built one in class. He spent several minutes carefully folding each part. But when his teacher saw, he took it away. Jack continued to build paper planes in his other classes.
Drew sold several chips and soda in front of the school. After the dismissal bell rung, the students were rushing to get home. Many stopped near Drew's stand. They bought everything from the stand. Drew made a large profit.
I was sent to the emergency room because I was cutting. They carried me on a bed from the ambulance, strapped in. The room they put me in was next to the nurse's station. I could hear them laughing at me through the open door. I wonder if nurses see so much that they lose empathy.
We went to Nantasket Beach in 2005. We had a fun day swimming. At the end of the day we had a heavy thunderstorm. My wife was very nervous as I drove home. We got home safely.
Martin was headed to paradise. He'd bought a flight to Panama. He was going to relax in the rainforest and go to the beach. When he arrived at the airport, his flight was delayed. He waited for six hours before his flight could leave.
Lisa was at the mall. And she wanted to something to eat. But everything was so expensive. She eventually gave in and bought a $10 salad. But the tiny size of it just made her regretful.
Joe went on a date. He forgot his wallet. His date didn't care. She suggested they dine and dash. Joe fell in love.
My husband came home exuberant from the flea market. He had found a portrait of his favorite musician. It was a painting of John Lennon with a guitar. He was very proud of the painting. He hung it over his desk so he could see it any time.
Robin dropped his laptop. He decided to have it fixed. He went to the local repair shop. He dropped his laptop with the repairman. His laptop came back home like new.
Julie kept hearing things at night outside her window. She would hear loud thumps and thought they were monsters. She was so convinced that she would often sleep in the living room. Her dad discovered that the loud noise wasn't a monster but a branch. He cut the branch back and Julie could sleep again.
Kate was lost in the woods. At first she panicked. Then she remembered to check the sun and head east. She followed the sun back to her camp. She found her way back safely!
Adam was designing the mask for his Halloween costume. He made it very scary. Then he added paint. He put it on and went to scare his mom. His mom was so scared, she screamed aloud!
Jim and his girlfriend, Jane, were walking down a trail in the park. Suddenly a small green snake slithered onto the path at their feet. Jim shrieked and jumped behind Jane. After a moment passed, Jim realized what he had done. So did Jane, who dumped him later that day.
My math teacher was planning on giving an unannounced quiz one week. Of course I didn't know that, so when it happened I was very nervous! I took my time on the quiz but it wasn't going that well for me. I finally completed it and turned it in while very worried. I got the grade back a few days later and did about average!
Liz had been at the same job for years. She was always passed up for promotions. She confronted her boss about it. The boss wouldn't give in. Liz decided to quit the following week.
Ed saw a fight in the school cafeteria. People were taking photos of the fight. Ed wanted to stop the fight, not take photos. Ed went in between the two students. He pushed them aside and stopped the fight.
Mother couldn't find her glasses. She looked upstairs. She looked downstairs. Becoming frantic, Mother noticed her children were giggling. She realized her glasses were on top of her head!
Tom had recently graduated college and was unemployed. Tom desperately needed a job. Tom applied everywhere. Tom applied to a position at a call center. Tom was hired there and very happy about it.
Brent went scuba diving one afternoon with his friend. They jumped in the water and started to descend. Half an hour later Brent noticed his oxygen was almost depleted. His friend handed him a can of spare air. Brent safely ascended back to the boat and got more oxygen.
A man took his son out on a lake. They were looking to bring home a fish dinner. The son caught a huge perch. He felt bad seeing it flop around. The son let the fish go when his dad wasn't looking.
Today I was cleaning the attic at my childhood home. I found an old box that used to belong to me. Inside the box were some of my old toys. I decided to pull out some of the toys for my kids to play with. Watching my children play with the toys reminded me of being a child.
Jasmine liked to be outside. She decided to spend her day fishing. She felt the hot sun on her skin and smiled. She knew the fishing would be great today! She took a ride down to the river.
My niece has a full time job. She could not pay the rent. She took a part time job at an auto repair shop. Some customers asked her out on dates. She quit that job and looked elsewhere for work.
I caught a big fever. My parents took me to the hospital. After a few hours, my friend came to visit me. She told me that she sacrificed her studying time to see me. I thanked her for her support.
Lary is the laziest person in town. Lary had an interview at his dream job one morning. Larry decided he would rather sleep. He gave up his dream job for a few more hours of sleep! At this rate Lary will never get a job.
Cindy decided to trick her friend Jim. She invited him to a Halloween costume party that night. He decided to dress as a superhero in a silly get up. He arrived late, and to his she grin, no one had on a costume! Cindy walked up to him pointing and laughing in his face.
Tom went to watch a movie. He had never seen such a terrible one before. He asked management for his money back. They surprisingly obliged. Everyone agreed it was a terrible movie.
I visited my Uncle in California. I was inside my Uncle's house when something weird occurred. The floor was shaking gently and my Uncle took me to his shelter room. I didn't know what was going on at first. Then, I realize it was an earthquake.
Jameson came round my house last night. He said he had a huge fight with his girlfriend. He ended up staying the night because he didn't want to go back. In the morning, he had 80 texts and 30 missed calls from her. He didn't tell her where he was going so she got worried.
Bill loved the challenge of navigating wild landscapes. Bill wanted to learn more about this. He found many useful youtube videos. Bill bought a few pieces of equipment to help him. Bill later successfully trekked through a jungle.
Today was Monday, the day Nora went to the library. Nora's Mom had to work, so Gramma offered to take Nora They got to the library very early for story time. The book for storytime was Curious George. Nora loves Curious George books.
Jimmy was diagnosed with cancer. He didn't want to be drugged up to cure his cancer. He read a lot to find another way. He started juicing vegetables to drink them, everyday. His cancer went into remission.
Tim wanted a new area rug. His wife decided to buy one. Tim really didn't like it. His wife wasn't too sure about it either. They decided to swap it out for something else.
I was hiking through the desert. I was on my way to get to a large canyon. I walked through a large open dry area. I finally made it to the canyon and went swimming. After that, I walked back to my car and went home.
Tim was trying to cook dinner. He was distracted by television. Before he knew it his food was on fire. Tim was able to address the situation in time. He took care of the small fire and cleaned up.
Miranda loved shopping, She decided to buy some clothes. She went to a fast fashion store. Miranda bought a lot. She was happy about it.
Riley loved grape flavored candy. Justin decided to impress Riley with lots of grape candy. Sadly, this made Riley very uncomfortable. She gave all the candy to her friends. Justin never tried to give Riley a gift again.
Ken had an old nightstand. It was ugly and beat up. He decided to get a new one. He shopped around for awhile and finally found one he liked. He bought it right away.
A few years ago I went on a camping trip with some friends. We packed enough food in the cooler to last six people for a few days. I forgot to bring something to secure the lid. That night we heard raccoons rummaging around our campsite. The next morning all our food was gone.
Adam was going snorkeling. He couldn't swim, so he asked the guides for help. The gave him an inflatable vest to wear over his swimsuit. Adam thought others would mock him, but no one did. He was able to relax and have a great time snorkeling!
All Ally thought of after graduating was moving out of her parents. She hated living there because she had no freedom. She wanted to live where she could do what she wanted. After she graduated she got her own apartment and loved it. Now she has a better relationship with her parents.
I wrote a play a few years ago. I entered it into some festivals to get some feedback for myself. I never heard anything for two years. Today I got an email saying that my play was selected. A professional offered to buy my play and make it into a movie!
I was at a family picnic. Due to the hot weather, the ice ran out fast. I needed ice badly, but I didn't know what to do. I ran down the street to the store. I was the hero of the picnic when I came back with a bag of ice.
Chris had a test in English. He forgot to study. When he got to class, he was nervous. Chris was not able to answer any questions. He failed his test.
Eric and Emily went to a movie together. This was Emily's first date. She was nervous about what would happen on her date. She felt Eric put his arm around her. She later got her first kiss that evening.
Tom noticed a smell in his apartment. It was almost everywhere he went. He wasn't able to pinpoint it for a while. Then by chance he smelled the slippers he was wearing. They were the cause of the sound.
Justin wanted to throw a holiday party. He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food. On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive. After an hour of waiting, he was sad because nobody showed. He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone!
Kate's friend emailed her a link to a cool video on YouTube. Kate clicked the link and waited for the video to load. The page loaded. The video never did. Kate was very upset she couldn't watch the video.
Ned loved to watch TV and spent many hours a day on the couch. Ned's doctor said that he should get more exercise. Ned decided to limit his TV watching and go to the gym. Ned ended up losing 20 pounds. Ned decided to continue limiting TV time because he felt more healthy.
The officer pulled me over. It was late at night. I was alone when he opened the door. He turned to his partner and said I was just a girl. I asked what the heck that was supposed to mean.
A writer wrote a book that he said was best read while drinking gin. He went to a bar to inform people about how to read his book. A lot of people liked it and took home a copy of their own. John read this way every day until he finished the book. Now he has two addictions but he doesn't feel guilty.
Quentin loved making moving pictures. He spent his childhood filming his friends talking and cussing. After film school, Quentin decided to make it his career. He made films about his adult friends talking and cussing. Quentin's latest movie is up for many awards.
I was late getting on the bus after school. This meant I had to get on the bus nobody liked. Hardly anyone rode that bus. The driver was mean and hateful. He yelled at us and we couldn't talk at all.
Jo's mom called her one morning, very early. Sheepishly she asked for Jo's help. She had run out of gas on her way to work! Jo laughed it off and hurried to get her gas can. Then she went to bring her mom a few gallons of gas.
Erick was in 2nd grade His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels One day his dad decided to teach him to ride without training wheels They spent all day practicing By the end of the day Erik learned how to ride his bike
Erin had a lot of work to do on his computer. So he had several windows open. He hardly had any screen space left. So he bought a second computer monitor. Erin's second monitor allowed him to be so much more productive.
I was about to go inside the store. I realized I didn't have my car keys. I locked my keys in my car by accident. I had to call a specialist to help me open the door. The service cost me a hundred dollars.
A man crashed his bike. He needed to buy a new one. He went to a bike shop. He found one he liked. He bought it.
Ted had to have back surgery. He had been in pain for a long time. The doctor recommended surgery before any other option. Ted was nervous, but would be glad to be pain free. Ted left for the hospital early.
Milly took her children to a baseball game. The children begged and begged for a hot dog. Milly rummaged through her purse for some money. She then led her children to the concession stand. Milly was able to afford hot dogs for her children.
Fred was in a crowd at a train station one day. Fred felt the rumble from the train below his feet. All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks. He jumped in front of the train, but the train slowed down. Right before it hit the man, the train came to a halt so the man ran.
Tina needed extra cash. She decided to advertise her babysitting services. Her neighbors saw the ad and hired her. Soon she had four clients! Tina made a hundred dollars in only a month!
Two kids together bought a new brand of jelly beans. This new brand combined both tasty and disgusting flavors. They decided to test them one color at a time, starting with blue. The first kid smiled when he got blueberry. The other kid frowned when she got toothpaste.
Anna was given a new debit card. The card had a chip in it. When Anna paid for things, she often forgot the chip. She swiped and was told to use the chip reader. The new card caused Anna a lot of embarrassment.
Joe had a big imagination. He would imagine all sorts of things and characters. His friends loved when he would tell them his stories. Joe started writing down his stories. He is now a well known children's author.
Sugar had lots of friends over visiting at her house. It was summer and they were all thirsty. But all Sugar had was her namesake, and tea bags. She decided to try to brew up homemade sweet tea. Her friends sipped it, and told her it was amazingly delicious!
Jack loved gambling. Jack would go to the racetrack and bet all he could on horse racing. Jack would usually lose, but couldn't help himself. One day, Jack won over three thousand dollars! However, the money was immediately lost the next day.
Karen took her dog for a walk. The dog collar was too big, and her little dog got loose. Her dog ran off, and Karen lost her. Karen put up signs about her lost dog in her neighborhood. A neighbor found her dog, called Karen, and returned her dog.
George knew the rules of the school. There was a no cell phone policy. One time he got caught using his phone and it was taken away. His dad had to come and pick it up. His dad took his cell phone away for a week.
Sam was excited to wear her new dress. It was the perfect shade of pink. It was full of ruffles. When she put it on, the zipper busted open. Sam was so upset and cried that she couldn't wear it.
This morning I went to a mandatory meeting for folks on food stamps. I didn't know what the meeting was about. At the meeting I found out I'd lose my benefits if I didn't work. Now I have to prove that I work 20 hours per week. Overall this morning was a drag.
Kate had a crush on a boy named Tom. It was the last day of school. She decided it was a good time to tell him. He pretended not to hear her as he signed her yearbook. She sat with a stunned look as he walked away hurriedly.
I had two people at the office to see me. I did not make it back there in time. I invited them to a meeting there. My friend called me to let me know. I had gone to close a sale.
Annie had just started her first job as a nurse. Every night she returned home tired. Her parents encouraged her to stick with the job regardless. As time went on, she became close friends with all of her patients. Now Annie can't wait to get to work in the mornings.
Emma had forgotten to do her homework. She was nervous about going to class. Class was running late. The teacher didn't have time to check the homework. Emma was relieved to get out of class.
Brandon has had a crush on Kelly for a long time. He really struggled with asking her out for a long time. Last week he finally asked her out to dinner. Kelly said yes. Brandon was on top of the world.
Bob was woodworking. He needed to cut up a plank of wood. He decided to use an electric saw. He cut his finger off by accident! He had to go to the emergency room.
Kim's sister came home eating nuts Kim had never seen. She asked her sister what they were called. Her sister told her they were macadamia nuts and handed her one. Kim was surprised by the buttery, salty taste. One bite and Kim was in love with macadamia nuts.
Sally needed a new dress for a wedding. Sally went to her favorite dress shop. She tried on many different dresses and found one that she liked. Sally went to the wedding in her new dress. Sally was happy when everyone complimented her dress.
Paris moved to the United States to pursue a better life for himself. He grew up in a poor town in Turkey. He went to the State University in his town and became a doctor. Paris was able to send money back to his family. This allowed them to have a better life.
Tom was walking around. He found a wallet on the ground. It was completely empty. Tom thought it was a nice looking wallet. He kept it for himself.
Anna was having a baby. Her labor was going roughly and she struggled. Then the doctor decided to use forceps. He pulled the baby out with the forceps. Anna was relieved and exhausted!
Andrea's friend Nick invited her to the school dance. She was happy to go with him. She was a little nervous, because she couldn't dance. She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance. She went and danced to every song.
The kids were playing freeze tag. Paul kept getting caught. Nobody unfroze him for some reason. He was very upset by this. He cried and left the game.
We live in a high rise apartment building. One day my wife went to pick up a takeout order. When she got to the building a fire alarm had activated. She could not get back in for a half an hour. By then the food had gotten cold, and had to be reheated.
Amy asked for a dog for her birthday. Amy's mom went to the shelter to find one. A small brown dog jumped with joy when she saw Amy's mom. Amy's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy. Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog.
Heather has never owned more than one car at a time. Both her and her husband have always struggled with finances. They still struggle with finances, but just not as much as beforehand. There daughter is learning how to drive currently. They looked and were able to find another car for their family.
Jane was a fast runner. Her friend was also fast. One day they decided to race. Jane barely won. They considered it a moral draw.
My son got his lip pierced at 16. A year later he got a job at a bank. The bank asked him to take out his piece while working. After he took out the piece his lip closed back up. He was disappointed but he needed the job.
Chuck had a lot of coins saved in a jar. He took the coins to the bank to get counted. He tripped on the way in. The jar fell and shattered. Chuck spent a lot of time picking up all those coins.
Ben is sitting down eating his lunch at school. A kid comes over to Ben and dumps his food on his head. Ben gets up and starts throws his food at the kid. Everyone starts throwing food at each other. Brian started a massive food fight.
Max hated doing homework. One day, he decided he was going to say that his dog ate his work. Max told his teacher the story. Max's teacher did not believe him. She sent a note to his parents explaining what he'd done.
I used to have hot flashes all the time. A friend suggested I try Sage tea. I thought she was out of her mind. One day I got too hot and tried the Sage tea. I am a believer now because it works.
Denis really liked his blue and black tennis racket. But he played so much that eventually the tennis racket fell apart. He wanted to save the frame, but it was too damaged. He had no choice and bought a new tennis racket. Now, he plays with a pink and blue racket, and he feels foolish.
Jeff's tiny air conditioner was too weak. So he bought a big and powerful one. But when he turned it on, the power always went out. So his new air conditioner was useless. Jeff had no choice to but to use his old air conditioner again.
Jim needed to get to work. The bus he was taking was running late. Jim got to work late. He tried to explain what happened to his boss. He was still written up for it, though.
Ali was riding in her convertible. It was a nice day. Ali put the top down. Her hair blew wildly in the wind. Ali had to brush her hair when she arrived at her destination.
Max bought a shiny box of chocolates. He intended on giving them to his friend. It was her birthday. But he kept them and ate them all. Max felt stuffed and a little sick.
One day the Cass family decided to build a first aid kit. Mrs Cass bought some supplies. Everyone was satisfied with her purchases. They put the first aid kit in the bathroom. They brought it with them on trips from then on.
Harold was making hiring decisions. He was opening a new restaurant. He conducted lots of interviews. He made some great choices and soon he had a good staff. The restaurant was ready to open.
Sally like candy all the time. She still had candy from Halloween and it was December Her last piece was a Tootsie Pop. She grabbed it and opened the wrapper. It was orange, her least favorite flavor, and it ruined her day.
Karl was sick with a flu. He was prescribed some pills for the symptoms. Unfortunately Karl took the wrong ones. He felt even worse. Karl had to go to the hospital over it.
Maxwell always watched surfing on TV. He loved the idea of surfing in real life. He decided to move to California to achieve his dreams. He heard about a place called Surf City. So he packed his bags and headed to the coast.
Two friends decided to have a great Summer. They came up with all sorts of activities and schemes. All summer, the pair achieved their goals. At the end of the summer, they made a lot of money. They decided to use the money to buy candy and video games.
Mary continuously locked herself out of the house. Her husband decided to make a spare key. He gave the spare key to the woman who lived next door. Mary locked herself outside again. She was able to let herself in with the spare key from her neighbor.
The family arrives at the beach. Everyone puts on sunscreen. The son plays in the clear water. The daughter builds sand castles. The parents relax for the rest of the day.
He walked into the office. She walked in behind him. He sat in the office chair. She sat in her office chair. Together, they turned on their computers and began work.
I tried to learn how to hold a handstand. But, I kept falling. Then, my coach told me to do the handstand against the wall. She told me I had to learn how to hold the position before balancing. The wall worked great and taught me the technique I needed to master!
One day we heard that a moose had been spotted in our neighborhood. That afternoon we drove past one of our horse pastures. The moose was inside our fence and was just hanging out. He stayed in the fence for 2 days. On the 3rd day he was gone so I guess he wanted to be free again.
I had bought a tube of toothpaste at the grocery store. As I squeezed the tube, toothpaste burst out of the back end. It made a big mess on my bathroom counter. The next day, I took the tube back to the store and complained. They gave me a new tube of toothpaste as compensation.
Emma had a test in history. She had completely forgotten about it and didn't study. Emma failed the test. The next time there was a test, she studied extra hard. Emma did well on that test and improved her grade.
Tina went to the theme park. She had to get there in time. All the sudden the gates closed. She was not allowed in. She had to go home.
I had a stuffy nose all yesterday and felt horrible. My boyfriend decided he'd make me chicken noodle soup. I thought that was really sweet of him. An hour later, I decided to see what was taking so long. He was boiling leftover KFC bones in water.
It was sports day at Tim's school. Every sports day, Tim always broke his glasses. He wanted to make it the whole day without breaking them. He decided to lock himself in the lunchroom. That was the first sports day his glasses didn't break.
One day Delia took a day trip to Wisconsin. First she went to House on the Rock. Then she went to the Circus World Museum. Finally she visited Cave of the Mounds. She had a super fun time.
Yesterday I made my own orange juice. I was really excited to do it myself. It took a long time to make the orange juice. It was worth it though because the juice was delicious. I will make my own juice tomorrow morning as well.
Gary really wanted tacos for dinner. He went to the restaurant but they were closed. So we went to the store to get ingredients. He grabbed everything and headed home to cook. They were some of the best tacos he's ever had.
Diana forgot to bring her cell phone with her. As a result, she tried to use a public telephone. A person was walking on the opposite side of the street. He was swaying back and forth without any emotion. Diana was scared and she tried to run away from him.
Nancy found herself in need of government assistance. God had brought her here, and would keep providing for her. He often told her to have her children instructed by psychiatrists. Though she didn't quite trust them, she always signed their forms. For food stamps or having her children committed, she knew not which.
Danny would sneak to use his parent's phone. He would play videogames and buy apps. His parents found out when they got the bill. It was hundreds of dollars because of data usage. Danny was grounded until he could pay it back.
The lunch lady gave me a huge chicken breast. I immediately walked out of the lunch line. I took a bite out of my chicken. The piece under the chicken was extremely red. I decided to spit out my food and throw it away.
For weeks, Joanne has stressed out about her college applications. She lined them all out on her desk in her bedroom. It was the essays that were causing her the most stress. She typed them several times to make sure every word was perfect. She ended up missing her deadlines cause she kept changing the essays.
Ken was great at soccer. He challenged his friends to one on one games often. Ken usually always won the games. One day he challenged a new neighbor to a game. Ken was surprised when he lost the game by five points.
The family liked visiting new places. They found a secluded beach. They spent all day splashing in the water. Then they ate a picnic lunch. It had been a great day exploring new places.
Eddie and Emma went to the park to go sledding. They had walked almost a mile and were eager to race down the hill. But when they arrived, the hill was green and grassy! They despaired, but then Eddie had an idea of where they could sled. They walked all the way home and sledded on the hill in his yard!
Julia had just bought a new guitar. She didn't know how to play but was determined to learn. She looked up some things to get a basic understanding. Then she started learning how to play her favorite songs. After a week of practice she was doing an okay job.
Cammy was eating cereal. But it quickly became soggy. She decided to eat the cereal without milk the next time. But she found it too dry. So Cammy decided to eat something besides cereal.
Thomas asked Gina to pose for a painting. She posed in his studio wearing 1930s fashions. She had to pose for him for several days. When the painting was done, Thomas loved it. He told Gina that it was the best he'd ever done.
Ken is at his doctor for a routine check up. The doctor comes back with horrible news. The doctor tells Ken he has cancer. Ken is speechless. Ken battles his cancer and beats it!
Candy knew her baby sister June wanted ice skates. June loved to skate, but their mom couldn't afford the pricey skates. So Candy began to work weekends on a long paper route. In two months she had saved the $200 for June's skates. June was so happy to received them that she wept with joy!
One day, scientists discovered a baby gorilla. It was an orphan and all alone. The scientists adopted this gorilla. The scientists taught the gorilla sign language. The gorilla learned to sign and lives in a zoo now.
Steve was a practical joker. He thought it would be funny to put a fish down his wife's blouse. He got the biggest, slimiest fish he could find. He snuck behind her and dropped the fish down her blouse. She screamed and hit him with her purse.
Ted joined the boxing club in school. He was big, so he thought it'd be easy. But he lost his first three matches! Ted realized boxing was a lot harder than it looked. He saw that he would have to study and practice.
I watched my grandma crochet a baby blanket in just two days. I asked her if she would teach me how to do the same. She bought me some soft yard as well as several crochet hooks. I learned how to do different types of knots and chains. It took me just three weeks to crochet my first blanket.
Harry got his fishing pole. He headed to his favorite watering hole. He put the bait on the hook. He placed the hook in the pond. He caught a fish!
Steven was about to become a dad. His wife was in labor with their first baby. He was extremely nervous to the point of feeling light headed. Then, his baby was born. All of his attention immediately was on the baby.
Walter was a chemistry teacher. Walter had a student named Jesse who never payed attention in class. After Jesse graduated high school, he started his own business. When Walter heard about Jesse's business, he asked if he could join. Walter and Jesse had great success working together.
She needed something to make a snowman face. She raided the kitchen for supplies. She found a large carrot. It was cliche, but it would make a good nose. She finished it off with a Giants hat,
I was starting to get tired so I decided to go and get some coffee. Once I walked down the street I was there. I looked around at a lot of different drinks. I finally decided on a White Mocha. Once it was made, it was delicious!
Igor was having trouble controlling his Great Dane. It pulled on the leash so hard he lost his grip on it. Igor's dog ran out into traffic. A large Greyhound bus ran straight over it. Igor cried as he scraped his dog off the pavement.
Today I went the beach. The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived. The sand got into my lunch. I could not eat anything as it was covered in sand. I left the beach and went home for lunch.
Everyone in the house went to sleep. Around 4 o'clock in the morning, a large thud occurred. I managed to wake up several seconds after the sound. When I looked into the living room, the flat screen TV fell. There were several sparks on the ground.
Lisa felt bored with her summer vacation. Lisa decided to take up stamp collecting. She began to find stamps and sort them. She conducted research to learn more about the stamps. Lisa enjoyed her new hobby.
Brit had signed up for a semester at Carrington Academy. It was a prestigious boarding school with rich attendees. At first she worried she would not fit in. But soon she made friends - her fellow students became like sisters! At semester's end, her parents agreed to let her stay!
I was talking to Ben for a few minutes. We discussed the upcoming homework assignment. When he told me that he had to leave, he called his mom. A few minutes later, a limo came into the school. He got inside and the driver took off.
Jerry hit the baseball when the pitcher threw it to him. The ball went far but still remained in the field. I tried to run towards it. It bounced off my hand and landed in the ground. Before I returned it, the opponents scored a few points and won.
William was the King of a great kingdom. His Kingdom was under attack by a mean corrupt nation. William was scared for the well being of his people. He fought very hard and defended his people. William's kingdom loved him for his bravery!
Lola was walking proudly through her house. She was on her way out to a party. Suddenly while passing through the garage, her purse caught on a nail. The purse ripped open and it's contents spilled onto the floor. Lola was in such a bad mood about her lost purse that she stayed home.
She wore her new glasses to school. Everyone told her how cute she looked. She was relieved, because she'd feared they would tease her. Instead, two boys asked her out on a date. She went home happy and smiling.
After the bike accident, my son was rushed to the hospital. They kept me in the insurance room, asking questions. I yelled at them to let me see my son. I found my son being treated for multiple breaks and abrasions. They told me he was going to be ok, and I was relieved.
Don had an old car. It broke down on him completely. His family offered to help him buy a new one. They paid for part of it. Don was able to get something better.
An online vendor took my money then cancelled my order. I wanted to get even or at least get my money back. My posting about the incident on social media went viral. The vendor begged me to remove the post when their stock plummeted. I got my money back and some of the vendor's stock at a reduced price.
June was home sick from work. She laid on the couch and watched TV. She only planned to watch a few shows. Those few shows turned into 5 seasons. Her tv watching helped her feel better.
Ted was always up for volunteering during his spare time. Today, a friend of his asked him to help out at the soup kitchen. Ted showed up on time and got instruction on how to serve. He spent the rest of the afternoon, serving lunch to everyone. He went out afterwards with his friend to discuss social issues.
Avery was a very funny boy who loved to sing. It didn't matter where he was, he would sing all the time. One day, his singing was annoying his teacher. She kindly asked him to stop, but his answer made everyone laugh. He said that if he would stop singing, Avery wouldn't be Avery!
Ryan really wanted a new bike that he saw on ebay. He saved up for months to afford the bike. Finally he had enough and he put in the order for the bike. The bike arrived, but something was off the box was so small. In the end he realized that it wasn't a real bike he bought but a toy.
Paula's kids were bored. She decided to take them to the park. They ran and climbed and burned off energy. Soon, they were ready to go home. They took a long nap to recover!
It was Christmas time and everyone was exchanging gifts. Tina opened a gift she just got. It was an ugly sweater. Tina didn't like it. But she decided to wear it anyway.
Mark had seen a lot of things. He drove a taxi and that meant taking people many places. Not all of them were kind, one night someone was arrested. He had to speak with the cops about the person's behavior. Mark's been a little more cautious
Emily felt nostalgic for her days programming with Delphi. She still felt a special fondness in her heart for Pascal. She was surprised to find a modern IDE for it. Emily downloaded and installed Lazarus on to her computers. She felt inspired to create many cross-platform applications.
Rick's school went late one day. His wife called him, worried. Rick shocked her when he got home an hour late. She had been very worried. Rick promised to notify her in the future.
Aaron made a bad decision when he was 18. He robbed a store with some friends. He got caught and went to jail. Aaron had to spend 5 years in jail. He was devastated but determined to turn his life around.
John purchased a book online. When the book was shipped, it was damaged. John was distraught when he received the book. John sent the book back. The online company gave John a refund for the book.
Jim wanted new cowboy boots. He had not bought a pair in years. He found the pair he wanted. He decided to buy them. When he checked out, they were on sale and he was happy.
At Jo's church, a collection plate was passed every week. Jo wanted to spend her money on fun things instead of giving it away. She put a penny in an envelope for the collection plate. As she laid it in the plate, an old couple smiled widely at Jo. Jo smiled back but felt like a fraud.
Maria just got her driver's license. Her friend all wanted to go to the movies. Maria needed money for gas to get there. Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas. Maria filled her tank and had money to spare.
Nancy smoked cigarettes every day. Her friends all told her that it was unhealthy. Eventually Nancy decided she wanted to quit. She went to  doctor and was prescribed special nicotine gum. Nancy eventually quit, and she very was proud of herself.
My wife is retiring this week. She made her last lunch tonight. She took a photo. She will probably post it on FB. It will be a sad photo for her coworkers.
While waiting for food there were two girls gossiping about people. They were talking very loudly so I heard some of their conversation. I ended up listening more than I meant to. I noticed that they were actually talking about a friend of mine. I called my friend and told her what they were saying later that day!
Little Timmy is too young for action movies. But he loves watching them anyway. He sometimes sneaks into the theater. Or rents a movie from redbox. His parents don't know how to stop him.
Lily needed a new iPad case. She looked all over for one. Finally she found one at the local store. When she put it on it fit great. Lily loved it.
Laurie was going camping. She bought a new tent. It was roomy. She invited ten friends to camp with her. They all had a great time.
I hadn't seen my friends in a few months. They invited me to dinner. I declined because I had work. They figured out that I was just lying. Now, they don't invite me to anything.
Alice went to a museum of Salvator Dali. She really liked the art. One man yelled into his phone there. She told him to calm down. He got even more angry.
I went to go drink some of my whiskey. I realized that a little bit was missing from the bottle. I figured out that my son had taken some. I confronted him and he confessed. I grounded him for 3 months.
Joe needed to do something with his money. He was tired of it just sitting in his savings. So, he decided to invest in some stocks. However, Joe did not do research on these stocks. Unfortunately, he lost a lot of money.
I have always wanted to try daring foods. Knowing this, my friend offered me octopus once. I was hesitant at first, but then I tried it. I was shocked to find out it tasted good. Now I always try new exotic foods without hesitation.
Tim was at the pool with friends. They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest. Tim suggested a competition. Everyone held their heads under water. Tim was the last to pop up.
Jessica made jewelry for a living. She carefully hand-picked each gem or stone. When customers came to her, she could tell the story of each piece. She loved telling the stories of engagement rings. She made sure every customer got exactly what they needed.
Keith was on vacation in Australia. He decided to go scuba diving for the first time ever. While under water, he saw many beautiful creatures and colors. He used an underwater camera to take pictures of the scenery. He saw many new sights and had the time of his life!
Jane had a taste for sweets. But she was watching her figure and didn't want candy. Then she thought of a solution. She fixed herself a big bowl of berries to snack on. The sweet healthy berries were the perfect treat!
Gary read the script. He liked the content. He tried out for a role. He got his favorite part. He put his all into that performance.
Beatrice is fed up with life and joins the marines. She's excited to be taking a step. She's a SUV driver in combat situations. Beatrice risks her life for her country. She's honored for her heroism.
Tom had never been to the beach. He planned a trip to the closest one. Once he got there he was really disappointed. The beach was really dirty and full of people. Tom didn't bother to go back to the beach for years.
Calvin wanted to learn a new skill. He enrolled in a pottery class. He made a bowl and a vase! He was excited about his progress. He signed up for another class to learn more.
Trouble brewing at the Olympic games. Water in several pools has turned green. There are now two pools that have bright green water. The water is supposed to be azure in color. Olympic officials are trying to find out the cause.
Marissa really wanted to go to the state fair. Marissa's parents said she had to clean her room to go. She spent all weekend cleaning her room. Marissa's parents brought her to the fair. Marissa had a great time at the fair.
Usher couldn't remember the melody to a complicated song. He didn't want to seem unprofessional by using lyric sheets. He came up with a clever solution to his problem. User put the music sheets in front of the PA where no one could see. He made it through the complicated song without missing a note.
Zach wanted to become a singer in the church choir. He knew his singing voice wasn't great. He practiced singing in front of his mirror. Zach repeated this process every night for a month. Zach finally joined the church choir.
Dan had a really rough day at work today. Dan went home and started cooking a steak. However, Dan accidentally burned the steak. Dan threw away the steak, and got dressed. Dan decided he would go to a local restaurant to eat dinner.
Jake decided to take his new car out for a drive. Jake wasn't sure where to go so he just ended up driving around town. He wasn't paying attention and ran out of gas! Jake was stranded and had to call for a tow truck. Jake's car was towed back home.
Debra and her husband Ray were about to have twins. They were trying to prepare with two of everything. They were running low on savings and weren't sure about rent. Luckily Debra's mother loaned them money for their bills. The couple was able to stay in their apartment for a while longer.
Bob was taking a shower. All of a sudden, his phone rang. Bob couldn't answer the phone while he was showering. After his shower, he noticed it was a missed call for a job interview. Bob didn't get the job because of his inability to take the call.
Jen loves broccoli. She decided to make broccoli and cheese. However, she grabbed the the wrong cheese. The cheese would not melt. Jen's dish still turned out okay.
Mary was frying food for dinner. She was a seasoned smoker who rarely burned herself. As she cooked, a large bit of grease popped out of the pan. The grease landed on her foot and burned her badly. A large cyst to formed on her foot which lasted for 3 days.
Rachael really wanted to go to a drive in movie theatre. So her husband looked to see what was nearby. He found one about a half hour away. So they decided which movies to see and packed some goodies. They had so much fun watching it under the stars.
Allie decided she wanted to compete in a singing competition. She needed up getting on stage and doing it. The competition was weeks long. Finally they announced the winners. Allie won the competition.
Last week was Valentine's Day. I didn't have a Valentine, so I bought my son a box of chocolates. I told him he could have under one condition. He must agree to be my Valentine. He made it clear that he would, only for the chocolates!
Lisa was riding her bike in the neighborhood having a good time. For the first time, her parents took off the training wheels. Lisa felt very free and happy that she was riding like a big kid. Much to her dismay, she lost balance and feel to the ground. Thankfully, she did not get hurt because she was wearing a helmet.
Blake was garbage man. He drove around every morning to collect trash. One day he came across a wonderful surprise. Someone had thrown out a bag of diamonds! Blake took the diamonds and quit his terrible job.
Susie was asked to the ball. Her friend Stan asked her. Susie was ecstatic. She ran downstairs to get ready. But by then the ball already started.
Gina had just given birth and was very tired. When her baby started to cry during the night, she couldn't hear it. Her husband tried to wake her up but she wouldn't move. So he went to feed the baby and went back to bed. In the morning, Gina was so touched, she hugged her husband very hard.
Bill wants to find a productive way to spend his summer. He decides that he should study Shakespeare over the summer. He reads many amazing plays in his summer course. His favorite play is Hamlet. Bill is satisfied that he spent his summer productively.
Tom bought some plants. He wanted to make his apartment more lively. Unfortunately he was bad at watering them. They all died within a month. Tom had to throw them out.
Heather and her husband have been together for twenty years. He has cheated on her with another woman at least three times. Finally Heather is started to think that her marriage isn't working. She thinks long about the various choices that she has to make. Heather decides that maybe they need to try counseling services.
Maya went to work in the morning at the coffee shop. She waited tables all day long and got tired. She left work and stopped by a fast food place for dinner. She got home and ate dinner. She had a relaxing bath and read a book before bed.
I wanted to go to the museum. I was so excited. I plotted out my trip. I took the bus downtown. The museum was closed and I had wasted my time.
Keith was so in love with his girlfriend. The two had become soul mates. There was only one step left. Keith decided to get down on one knee and ask her to be his bride. Keith married his sweetheart.
Ike checked his watch and saw he was going to be late. He picked up his walking pace and went into a jog. He ran into the theater and handed his ticket to the usher. The play started but he was allowed inside. There was an open seat in the back row and he took it.
Laura really wanted to go see Rihanna in concert. She saved up a lot of money for the tickets. When they went on sale she couldn't get one! They all sold out so fast. Laura ended up finding a ticket on craigslist and going!
Tom watched a show about medieval knights. Tom loved the show. Tom started training to become a knight. Tom improved his swordsman skills. Tom had fun with his new hobby.
Sara ordered a pizza on the phone. She had to walk down the street to pick it up. Inside, she gave them her order number. They gave her the pizza and she paid them. Finally, she left with the pizza.
I was running late for my dentist appointment. When I got to the bus stop, a sign said the bus was out of service. I then ran to the subway, where I caught the next train. When I arrived in the city, I ran to my doctor's office. When she was an hour late, I realized my lateness didn't matter.
Mara was adopted from Namibia. When she was ten she took a trip back there. She was amazed to see her homeland. It was wide and beautiful. Mara was left with a deep sense of wonder.
Chuck decided to rake the leaves in his yard. He worked long on that cool fall day. He collected the last of the leaves in a bag. It was then that a big wind blew through the tree branches. Chuck sighed as a carpet of leaves settled on his lawn.
Chris noticed a bird's nest on the ground in front of a holly tree. He looked in it and saw three eggs. There was a worried mother bird flying around. Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away. He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later.
Stan was a big fan of State basketball. The national basketball tourney was here. Stan bet a hundred dollars his team would win the tourney. When the first round was played, an unranked team beat State. Stan was very sad that his team had lost.
A duck and her ducklings caused a traffic jam in an intersection. The mother duck was trying to cross at an inconvenient spot. A nice cop stopped traffic to escort the ducklings. After a few minutes, the mother and her ducklings made it across. Everyone cheered for the cop from their cars.
Ann had never been on an airplane. Her family was going on vacation next month to Florida. She was scared the plane was going to fall down. Her friend told her there was nothing to worry about. Ann got on the plane, and the plane landed safely.
My former coworker has a sixteen year old daughter. This spring they took a cruise from Boston to the Bahamas. Three hours out of port, the daughter had severe stomach cramps. She had appendicitis and had to be airlifted back to Boston. The airlift made the local news.
Amy's coach was giving a pep talk before the game. Amy was so excited she barely paid attention. She was in the locker room with all the older girls. She felt like an adult. She wished she could take a picture to remember this moment.
Ulrich's all-in-one scanner wasn't working. He'd tried hitting it, but it hadn't helped. Ulrich found a video on Youtube showing how to repair it. Unfortunately for Ulrich, it was in a foreign language. Ulrich was able to fix the scanner just by the video alone.
Marshall had a drug problem. It had overtaken him completely. On a cold night, he took too much heroin and fainted. Marshall was overdosing. His roommate found and called 911 immediately.
Ryan wanted to be president of the film club at school. They held elections and Ryan was not nominated. She was very disappointed! But then she saw that she had been nominated for treasurer. Ryan accepted her new position happily!
Sam needed new light bulbs. So Sam went to the store to get some. Sam found some cheap ones on sale and bought them. He took them home. Sam had installed his new light bulbs.
Jim was playing a video game online. His internet connection went down. Jim was booted from the game. He lost the game. Jim was threw a temper after playing the game.
Ahmed cherished his secret surfing spot. He concealed its location when asked. One day he was followed to the spot by a friend. Soon many of his friends would spend time at the spot. Ahmed was easygoing and learned to enjoy some company while surfing.
I went to the animal shelter in my town. I was sad to see so many pets without a home. I offered to foster one of the dogs until he found a forever home. The dog learned manners and loved being part of a family! In just a few weeks he found a loving family of his own.
The man was crushed as he was laid off from an executive job. He was in debt with two children in college. He wrote a business plan to start his own business. He presented the plan to a billionaire who loaned him $15 million. He soon had 6000 employees in 4 countries.
Jon went to Las Vegas. He decided to play blackjack. He won thousands of dollars on his first day there. He decided to play blackjack again the next day. He lost all of the money he won.
The group met up at the front entrance. They came across a performance stage. Several stage performers sung for everyone and talked about god's word Afterwords, we went to a souvenir shop. They managed to pick up several accessories.
William was allergic to cats. He went to his friend's house where there were 3 cats. Williams eyes became very itchy. William's friend gave him some allergy medicine. William felt much better.
Bob was feeling very tired everyday. He decided to live a healthier lifestyle. Bob eliminated all processed foods from his diet. Bob started eating fruits and vegetables in all his meals. Bob had more energy after changing his diet.
Gina wanted to lose weight. She visited a doctor about her health. Gina's doctor told her to lay off of the sodas. Gina began to drink much more water. She began to lose a lot of fluid weight.
Some tourists went to New York City. They looked around at all the doves. They debated over whether they were pigeons. They ran through them. They flew away.
Fred wanted to race his buddy. They decided to race around the track. Fred wanted to race about one mile. The two went at it. Finally Fred won.
Jim's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke. One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady's door. He went and knocked on the lady's door. He entered to find a birthday banner stretched across the room. That was when he learned his neighbor was turning 100 years old!
Tim loved a particular action movie. He was very excited for the sequel. He bought tickets early and invited all his friends. The movie was horribly disappointing. Tim stopped watching the series entirely.
Ronald noticed that his shoes were starting to smell. He decided that he should buy a new pair. After months of searching he found a great pair. He was proud of his new shoes. Ronald was happy that he no longer had to wear smelly shoes.
Lionel always wished he was a lion. Ever since he was a kid he like the idea. So when he was an adult he always dressed up in a costume. And even met his wife at a furry convention. They have two cubs together now.
Tom put on his least stained t-shirt, tucking it under his big gut. He was in a jolly good mood, he told himself. Tom only had to yell at his girlfriend twice on the way to the beach. He spread out the ragged blanket the dog usually used over the sand. Done romancing his woman, Tom asked her to marry him.
The little dog ran out the gate after a cat. The little dog ran into the street. The dog ran as fast as it could but couldn't reach the cat. Then the dog owner swooped the dog up into their arms. The owner yelled at the dog and the dog never escaped again.
Meredith was walking from school to her school bus. The wind was blowing furiously. Her hair got swept up and blown in all sorts of wild directions. When she finally made it to the bus, her hair was wild looking. Luckily, she was able to brush it all back to normal.
Sam wanted to look good in his new shoes. He installed fancy new shoe laces in the shoes. The laces changed color in the sun and glowed in the dark. He went outside to test them out. The laces turned into a rainbow and he was happy for the day.
Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend. Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house. So Mary scrubbed, polished, dusted and wiped. When she finished, her mom handed her the concert tickets. Mary loved it all the more because she truly earned it!
Melinda was hungry. She bought some pasta at the store. As she was making the pasta she called her friend. Melinda's friend came over and brought steak. Together, they ate the steak and pasta.
Julia was having a lot of financial trouble. She prayed for some sort of help. One day, she received a letter. Inside was a check for some money. Julia felt like her prayers were answered.
JJ was getting his work clothes prepared before bed. He noticed that his one tie was looking wrinkled. He didn't know how to wash a tie so he looked it up. When he got no good results he decided to iron it. Luckily that seemed to be sufficient.
Vivian was talking to her online boyfriend. She got on a plane to meet him. He never met her at the airport though. Vivian was heartbroken and didn't know what to do. She got a hotel room and cried while watching Miss Congeniality.
Bob liked to look through his telescope. He would gaze at the planets and stars for hours. One day he thought he found a ufo. He was so excited because it was his dream come true. But he then found out it was just a piece of dirt on the lens.
The boys loved playing video games. They went to an arcade to play pinball. It was different from their high-tech games. But they had a lot of fun. They decided pinball was their new favorite!
Anna wanted an exotic pet. But then she found a stray dog with a hurt leg. She forgot the lizards and snakes she had been considering. She fell in love with the dog right away! She took him to a vet - and then home to live with her!
Holly wanted to go to the beach. On the way, she stopped and picked up her boyfriend. Once there, they found a secluded spot away from kids playing. Her boyfriend put lotion on her back. After two hours of tanning, they left to have lunch.
Tim lived at a nice apartment complex. Tim loved staring into the pond at his apartment's garden. Tim noticed there were no fish in the pond. Tim purchased fish. Tim added the fish to the pond.
Amy was very nervous about her first piano recital. She had learned two songs perfectly. When she got up on stage she blocked out everything around her. She made one little mistake but no one noticed. The recital was a success.
There was nothing Mandy liked better than swimming in her creek. One day, she and a friend went exploring. They felt something squishy under their feet. It was clay! They took it home and had a wonderful day making toys out of it.
Brian was staying with his grandma for the summer. He had never stayed with her before. At night he heard thumps coming from the attic. One night he ventured upstairs and looked around. Brian discovered a nest of baby squirrels.
Sue was a red light. The red light was extremely long. When it finally turned green, the person behind her honked. Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her. Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found.
Frank was laughing so hard he started crying. His dog fell into the trash and couldn't get out. He took a video of it and posted it online. After a week Frank had over 10000 views. Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be.
Mina wanted a cat. She asked her dad if she could get one. And he agreed! The next day they went car shopping. Mina loved her new kitty!
Sal liked to play games. His family was really into board games. He always won at chutes and ladders. But today was different because his brother practiced. Sal lost the first game to his brother today.
Tim decided to make a bag of popcorn. The bag was inside a box on his shelf. He opened the box and took out a bag. He read the instructions and put the bag in the microwave. A minute later he was rewarded with the delicious smell of popcorn.
Logan wanted to be a big brother. He asked his parents for a baby sibling. His parents also wanted to have a new baby. Logan's parents tried to conceive for months. In a year's time Logan became a big brother to a baby girl.
Hannah was a stay-home mom looking to make some extra cash. Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy. Hannah found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips. She was able to do these shops while her children were in school. She received her payment and went Christmas shopping for her family.
Travis was an avid skateboarder. One night, his hobby became quite expensive. Overconfident, he attempted a risky trick. He fell and broke his arm so badly it needed surgery. The hospital bill was over forty thousand dollars.
My wife was tired of cold snowy winters. She would read books and articles about living in foreign countries. Last year we sold almost everything we owned to add to our savings. We moved to the Pacific coast of Costa Rica. We are enjoying 90 degree weather instead of shoveling snow.
Jason grew up riding motorcycles. He won his first motorcycle race at the age of 13. He kept racing and improving. Kawasaki sponsored him at the age of seventeen. Jason said that gave him to confidence to win the motocross.
Tim used to be nervous to speak in front of people. He took a speech class in college. It taught him all sorts of ways to effectively public speak He passed the class with flying colors. He now speaks publicly all the time.
I chose to forgive him. It was the day of his funeral. I wrote a long letter on notebook paper. I put it in a white envelope. I walked up to his casket and dropped it inside.
The chef at a restaurant wanted to make a new salad. He went into the restaurant's garden and started working. He used only the most ripe foods that there were. The result was a brand new style of salad. He dubbed the new creation the Freedom Salad.
My cat is always hungry and begging for food. The other day she jumped upon me while I was sleeping. She dabbed her wet nose to mine. When I opened my eyes she started to purr. I went and filled up her food bowl.
Bill & Ted walk into a phone booth. Neither Bill nor Ted has any money. Thankfully, Bill finds two quarters on top of the machine. Bill puts the quarters in and calls Ted's mom. Ted's mom comes to pick them up to go home.
Eli was going to a dental appointment. It was his first time going to the new clinic. He was told he had to come half an hour before his appointment. Eli managed to be on time. He spent half an hour filling out paperwork.
It had been raining hard for several days. Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications. He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon. Desmond executed his emergency flood plan. He evacuated with the essentials just before his house floated away.
Kathy was driving down the road. All of a sudden a deer jumped out in front of her. Kathy could not slow down. She hit the deer. Luckily, it did not do a ton of damage to her car.
I order a dinner meal by my local restaurant. The waitress was eager to take my order down. She gave me the food and I slowly ate it. I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me. Since I didn't have the money, the restaurant gave me a fine.
I went to the candy store yesterday to try things. When I went inside the store, I tried sour candy. When I popped one in my mouth it was amazing. However I realized it was too sour for me. I decided to not get it.
Fred rode his bike to school everyday. But one day, he saw people doing tricks on their bikes. Fred wanted to learn how to do these tricks too. He spent his time practicing. And he was able to earn lots of attention from other kids at school.
Joseph worked at a bar. His liquor licence was about to expire. Joseph didn't really like working at the bar. He waited until his license ran out. Joseph started to look for a new job.
Blair was surfing in the ocean. He spotted a large fin in the water. He got very scared. He paddled to the shore. The shark swam away from the beach.
Tom was out swimming with friends. They were at a local pool. Tom noticed his watch was missing. He tried looking all over the pool for it. A friend found it on the floor.
Mary wants to be a cheerleader. She has been practicing her backflips all afternoon. She thinks she is ready for tryouts tomorrow. She is really good at leading cheers. Mary made the team!
I decided to go shopping for a new purse. I bought a crocodile skin purse. I took it to my first day of work. Alas, my coworkers laughed at the purse. That's when I realized I had bad fashion taste.
Sally was suspicious that her new shampoo was causing breakouts. Her face had only recently started breaking out. She decided to try a different shampoo. Her face cleared up, confirming her suspicions. Sally tossed the bad shampoo in the garbage, ruining her purchase of it.
Marge lived in a very small house. She would sleep on a very small mattress. Marge woke up every morning with terrible bed head. She went to the bathroom like always to come it out. Marge looked into the mirror and saw her hair was really tangled.
Jo was sweeping the floor one afternoon. As she did, though, her husband and kids kept walking on it. They scattered her pile of debris many times. Jo was angry at their poor timing. She scolded them for scattering her dirt pile.
Last week Janet went to get a haircut. She hadn't cut her hair in Years. It was a scary experience. She almost chickened out. She went through with it and loves her new hair.
Sal's favorite food of all time was salmon. Sal hadn't eaten any other food for Years. He would keep an entire week's worth of salmon in his freezer. One day, there was a terrible blizzard and Sal ran out of salmon! For the first time in Year's, Sale was forced to eat a different food!
Meg's dad took her to the golf tour last week. Meg hated golf. During the entire thing, Meg felt very bored. She passed the time by looking at her phone. She vowed to never go back next year.
Nick was finally old enough to see R rated movies. So he and his older brother decided to watch a horror movie. Nick didn't think the movie was that scary. But when he got home, he couldn't sleep the whole night. Nick decided to wait till he was even older to watch scary movies.
Craig and his wife were having trouble. They had issues communicating. Their love life was also suffering. Craig planned a romantic dinner date for her. She really liked it and it helped start a positive dialogue.
My parents bought a dog yesterday. They polled the family, asking what they should name him. My husband suggested a name that I thought was boring. I then suggested something that I thought was more unique. My parents liked Ben's idea, however, and went with his name.
The ball got stuck on the roof. The boy told his dad. His dad got the ladder. The ladder was too short. The dad got his son a new ball at the store.
James wanted to ask Melissa out to the prom. Being shy and nervous he avoid asking Melissa directly. James wrote a letter to Melissa and hid it inside her locker. Melissa found the note in her locker and read it. She left a note for James in his locker agreeing to the prom date.
Georgina was interested in purchasing a new car. She did not have much experience in purchasing new vehicles. After doing research she found resources to help her with the task. The internet was a great resource, along with Kelly Blue Book. After doing research she purchased the car she liked.
The woman took her car to the transmission shop to be fixed. They told the woman they had fixed it when she picked it up. She parked on a hill and the car went backwards. She called the shop and complained. The shop's owner fixed the car.
Tina decided to invite her boyfriend over. They both wanted to watch a movie. So Tina decided on netflix. Then the two of them decided to see a horror film. They had a great time.
MC Dave loved Grandmaster Flash. He sampled a song from him. It got really popular. He sold a lot of records. He went on tour with the album.
Lilian was walking through the park with her date. They were discussing the fact that neither had had a kiss before. They nervously decided to kiss each other. Lilian leaned in to kiss him, but their heads hit each other. They laughed and decided to try again later.
Alex wasn't good at a lot of sports. He tried the popular ones but he wasn't very athletic. One afternoon, his mum took him ice skating. Alex was a natural. He loved it because he said the ice did the work for him.
My teacher dismissed everyone to do perform their experiments. I gave my lab partner some instructions on how to mix a chemical. She misunderstood and mixed the wrong chemicals. The test tubes broke and a fire broke out. Everyone escaped from the room.
Alex woke up the morning he was going to run a race. He chose not to have breakfast. Soon after, the race started. Alex felt faint and could not finish the race. He decided he would never skip breakfast before a race again.
Mario really liked women with red hair. He thought their hair was especially pretty in the sunlight. He traveled to Ireland to meet a woman with red hair. He found several women with gorgeous red hair. He married the one with the longest hair.
Ray loved to eat rice. One day he ran out of rice bags. Ray decided to grow his own rice. He planted some rice in a small planter in his backyard. Now Ray never pays for his rice!
I was sixteen. My grandmother gave me her old sports utility vehicle. It was a 1997 Mercury Mountaineer. I had to wait a couple weeks for my license. Four years later I wrecked it.
On the way to work this morning, I got a flat tire. I had to pull over on the shoulder of the expressway. After using the jack to lift the car, I successfully changed the tire. With the spare tire in place, I sped off towards my office. I was twenty minutes late, but my boss didn't mind.
Jim ordered a new tablet off of the internet on black friday. He placed his order and entered in his credit card number. After a few days his package still did not arrive. Jim was disappointed and called the customer service representative. They shipped him a new tablet because the other was lost in transit.
Frizzle was the name of a teacher at the elementary. Everyone liked misses Frizzle and wanted her class. One day she wasn't at school to teach. Everyone wondered what happened to her. She broke her leg riding to school on her bike.
Mark had always thrown Frisbee since the age of 7. At the age of 16 he decided to set a world record. He went ahead and threw a Frisbee nearly a whole mile. He broke the world record. He's now listed in the Guinness Book Of World Records.
The man poured some cereal. He got out the milk. It smelled sour. He poured out the milk. He put water on his cereal.
Peter is known for his strength at his local gym. The people at the gym tease him because he is from Brussels. Peter pays no attention to the haters. He lifts the weights hard and heavy. This caused him to win an award for being so strong.
I got pulled over on my way home from work. I was surprised, as I couldn't imagine why I was being pulled over. Turns out, my tail light was burnt out. The officer was very kind. He simply told me to make sure I got it fixed soon.
Antonio wanted to take an online economics course. His advisor suggested him taking the class on campus. Antonio did not take his advice. He found the class difficult and had to drop out. Antonio will have to retake the class next semester on campus.
Kelly tried to go to work early yesterday. However to her dismay, she was stuck in traffic. The traffic lasted three hours. Thankfully when it ended she was able to get to work. The bad thing was that her boss was unhappy.
My daughter sent me a FB message. One of her coworkers is reading a book. It ties into the Mahabharata, which I read. She said I should read this book. I ordered it.
Michael wanted to get a new video game. His mother told him she did not have the money. He decided to do work around the neighborhood to earn it. He mowed lawns and did yard work to get the money. Michael was able to earn enough for a new video game.
Brenda proudly drove her new car to work. She was pleased when a cute guy at work admired the car. The cute guy asked to borrow the car on the weekend to run an errand. Brenda relented, thinking it would lead to a date. That weekend, Brenda saw him with a hot blonde in her new car.
I love going for walks during the winter. I have a lot of fun walking in the cold air. Last night though, it was way too cold. I my ears got very cold and I cut my walk short. I'll never go on a walk in the winter again.
Sissy needed to take the ferry back to the island. She was running late. So she ran as fast as she could. When she was there she saw it left. Sissy then had to go to the next one.
i got a stain on my blue shirt. someone told me that bleach takes out stains. i used the bleach to try to get the stains out. bleach also takes color out of clothes. my blue shirt looks horrible now.
Jeff and Joe always seemed to get into trouble. They worked together to cause trouble in their neighborhood. One day Jeff had an idea to steal from his neighbor's house. He told Joe his plan and they broke into the house the next night. They were both caught by the police and had to go to jail.
I woke up feeling very sick. I had a fever, aches, and a runny nose. I went to the doctor to find out what was wrong. My doctor told me that I had the flu. I slept a lot for three days until I finally felt better.
Mary and Tommy walked down the dirt road. They were on their way to their friend's house. Mary stopped and sat down on a rock to rest. Mary looked at the ground and saw a rattlesnake. Tommy grabbed Mary's hand and got her away from the snake quickly.
One day Eleanor took a trip to Indiana. First she visited Holiday World & Splashin' Safari. Then she went to the Indiana State Museum. Finally she went to Marengo Cave. She had a great time.
Lisa noticed there was a new girl at school. In order to make her feel comfortable, Lisa offered to help her. Lisa took her under her wing. The girls became quick friends. Lisa was glad to help.
Maryann grew up playing sports. Men would always tell her she's good for a girl. This made Maryann very angry. They didn't understand that their statement was demeaning. Maryann was talented for a boy or girl.
The couple had just moved from the mid-west to Phoenix. They decided to go to an outdoor outlet mall. The temperature was 122 degrees. After walking to a few stores, they both felt wobbly. The returned to their car and drank a lot of cold water.
James had bought a new laptop for school. He was careful with his laptop whenever he used it. One day, his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap. The laptop fell to the ground. His laptop's screen cracked and became unusable.
Yanis was taking his dog for a walk. The dog saw a squirrel and lunged forward. This caused the leash to snap in half! Yanis was scared that his dog would run away! Unfortunately, his dog did indeed run away.
Jeff and his grandpa always went down the river in the canoe. They made several trips every year and it was a great time. Jeff's grandpa pass away and left jeff the canoe to use. Jeff left the canoe in storage for several Years after. Then one day he pulled it out and took his son on it.
Drew took out a $300 deposit from his credit card. He paid for his graduate exam. The instructor took him to the testing site. He began his test. The anxiety affected him and he ended up performing poorly.
Anne went apple picking. She took a bushel with her. She filled it as she walked among the apple trees. At the end she paid for her bushel. She had collected over a hundred apples!
Graham and his dog were in the park. Graham ran into a friend with a dog there. They decided to have dinner together at graham's house. His friend brought her dog over and the pets played. Graham and the woman started dating.
Cole went to the circus. While he was there he saw all the clowns. He loved to watch them drive the little car. Cole wanted to be a clown. The clowns came over to Cole and asked him to be a part of the show.
Nina went to the grocery store. But when she got there, she realized she'd forgotten her list. She tried to remember what was on it. But when she got home and checked the list, she sighed. She had forgotten almost half of what she needed!
The neighborhood kids gathered around on the sidewalk. A police officer had pulled over and was showing them his car. They took turns flipping on the lights and playing with the siren. The policeman was very nice and friendly. They waved goodbye as he drove away.
The pollen count was extremely high in June's area. She couldn't mow her lawn or work in the garden without sneezing. Her friend suggested disposable masks like doctors wear. June was surprised to see how inexpensive a box was online. They allowed her to enjoy the outdoors without dealing with allergies.
Sam's cat ran away one day. Sam never got along with it. He tried to look for a day or two. Sam quickly gave up the search. He got a new cat instead.
My niece works for the state house in MA. She has two children, 12 and 9. She has to work late on Thursday, an election day. She begged her sister to babysit for her. Her sister reluctantly agreed.
Emily needs to pay her bills. She got a job at the mall that paid her well. Unfortunately, she didn't schedule her nervous breakdown well. Emily missed work on Black Friday. Now Emily is frantically trying to earn at least $400 on mturk.
There once was a man named Jim-Bob. Jim-Bob was excellent at making things. He started making weapons because it was fun. He became the best gunsmith in the land. He made a lot of money selling his weapons and lived well.
Tim hated romance movies. His girlfriend really liked them. Tim was forced to watch one with her. He kept complaining and whining throughout. Eventually his girlfriend stopped the movie and kicked him out.
I took Bowser out in the woods for a walk. He likes eat bugs and chase animals in the woods. Bowser also likes to be ahead of you on the walk. This gets him tired out real quick. On the way back Bowser is exhausted and ready to nap.
Frank was the youngest of seven brothers. When he was a teenager, he committed many crimes. One day, he decided to give up crime and become a truck driver. On one of his Louisiana stops, he met Joyce. After dozens of visits, he settled in Louisiana and they were married.
Michael wanted to get a special Valentine's Gift for his wife. He went to the local jewelry store. The jeweler was happy to help him. The jeweler showed him many different options. Michael ended up picking a beautiful necklace.
Bob asked Mary to go on a date with him. Mary agreed to go out with Bob. Bob took Mary to her favorite restaurant. Mary really enjoyed eating with Bob. Bob took Mary home after dinner.
I was outside with my wife one day. We brought jars with holes in the lids. We saw fireflies in the air and wanted to catch some. We swung our jars and caught some flies. We let them go and went home.
It was a cold winter morning. Jill had to let her dog out in the morning. Her dog got sick with a cold because of the cold weather. Jill took her dog to the vet. The vet prescribed some cold medicine for her dog.
Kaylyn graduated with honors from nursing school. She took her state boards, and successfully passed them. She applied to several positions in her hometown. She went to two interviews, and she felt very confident. She got a call from the hospital and accepted the position in the ER.
Volleyball tryouts were happening. Fred was eager to try out. He went to the gym to give it his shot. All the sudden though, they told him no. He was not good enough for it.
The Smiths had lived on their farm for three generations They heard all the warnings about the incoming floods. The Smiths decided to stay and fight it out. Their entire farm was completely swept under. None of them survived.
Dwayne loved to walk in the woods. He was on the lookout for distinctive tree bark. He used his pocket knife to cut some off an Aspen. He carefully brought it back to his house. When he got home, he made a beautiful dream catcher with it.
Margo was cooking when Ted knocked at her door. She forgot to turn off the stove while she visited with Ted. Margo and Ted soon smelled something strange. Margo realized it was her food! Margo ran to the kitchen and turned off the fire.
Mark was severely overweight. One day he decided he couldn't take it anymore. He tried to go outside and run. He only did a mile and was out of breathe. However a year later he did his first marathon.
Nia was slim, but not in shape. She decided to get fit. She began running every day. She also went to the gym to lift weights. In a few months she had become muscular and shapely!
The cashier handed the ice cream to Sal. He immediately started to eat it. He eventually touched something sharp with his tongue. When he took it out of the ice cream, it turned out to be a razor edge. The cashier apologized and made a new ice cream for him.
When I lived in the city there was this amazing hot dog stand. It was near my school and I used to go after class. It was good food and it was cheap. I went back there to visit the areas last week and it was gone. I guess the hot dog guy moved locations.
Gina was wide awake watching the road as her sibling slept. She had been cramped up in the backseat for 9 hours. She was ready to arrive at her grandma's house and sleep in a bed. She let out a yelp of excitement. Ahead she could see the bridge leading into town.
Vivian always found her long, wavy hair difficult to maintain. However, she is afraid that she won't be pretty if she cuts it short. One day she decides to cut her hair very short. All of her friends compliment her on her new short hair look. Vivian is happy she had the courage to cut her hair short.
The official made a signal to continue the game. I attempted to kick the ball. The ball didn't go into the goal and moved to the left. It landed on Sam's nose. He ended up getting a few stitches for his bruise.
The last time I went to my uncle's house, we had to drive a long way. He lives so far out into the country that he still uses an outhouse. I really needed to use the bathroom, but I didn't want to go into it. I finally gave in and used the outhouse. The inside smelled terrible, and I refused to touch the seat.
Bella was kicked out of the Army. Then she found work in the mercenary field. She was offered a job as a sniper. Bella hesitated, but then accepted the job. She found fulfillment in the mercenary job.
Susan was getting married. She looked beautiful in her dress and veil. On the day she got married her veil caught on something. It got a big rip in it. She was so sad about her ruined veil!
Eric walked carefully among the headstones. He stopped in front of a particular one deep down a row. He opened his satchel and produced a well worn trumpet. A mournful dirge dripped sonic sorrow over the cemetery. Eric always spoke with his father on the anniversary of his death.
Tim is the star basketball player on his team. The team has a championship game today. During the game Tim is having one of his best games ever. It comes down to the last shot and Tim shoots the ball in the air. He misses the shot and loses the game!
We went to a local store when with our mom when we were younger. When we got home, my mom saw my sister with a candy bar. She found out that my sister had stolen the candy at the store. Mom drove her back to the store and made her apologize. I don't think my sister ever stole anything again.
I was flying from Hawaii to San Francisco. I had to fill out an agriculture form. It said I would be arrested for taking produce from Hawaii. I tried my luck and tried to take a passion fruit to the mainland. I was arrested when the plane landed.
Matt lied a lot growing up. He never meant to lie but he just always did. As an adult he met a girl he loved quickly. She loved him too. Matt finally stopped being a liar.
Selma went to the beach for her vacation. It had been a dream of hers to see the ocean. She swam and played in the ocean for a week. As she walked along the beach she picked up seashells. At the end of the week she went home, happy.
Ana was at the grocery store. She was unloading her groceries into her trunk. Suddenly, the car jerked forward and hit her car. It ended up scraping her car badly. It cost a lot to get it fixed.
Jane was drinking wine. She got a bit too tipsy. At one point she dropped her glass. It stained her light area rug. Jane needed to get it professionally cleaned.
Cam ran across the beach and dove into the ocean. The cool water felt good to him as he swam. When Cam was neck deep in water he felt something on his leg. A jellyfish had stung Cam! He winced in pain and slowly Came swam back ashore.
Tim had a class project. He had to build a rocket. He got tools and started building. After an hour, he built a go cart. Tim decided from then on he would write down his objectives.
Jane's husband hated when she corrected his grammar. Jane thought he was too touchy, and said so. One day, her sister-in-law brought over a stack of mementos. Jane found a pile of her husband's grade school report cards. Inside each one, she saw bad marks for grammar.
Ben came home from school. He threw his backpack on the floor in his room. He didn't empty his lunchbox. The dirty lunchbox stayed in his room all weekend. By the time he brought it into the kitchen, it smelled horrible.
Janie wanted a puppy for Christmas more than anything else. Her mom told her dogs are not allowed in their apartment building. Janie was a little bit sad when she went to bed on Christmas Eve. Christmas morning Janie found a small white kitten with a big red bow. Dogs were not allowed but her new kitten was just as good as a puppy.
Amy wanted a new job with more hours. She applied at a store near her home and never heard back. She began to resent going to work when she did have a shift. She would sulk and pout the whole day. After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation.
Jeremiah had a fond love of going to the movies. Everything about the movies he loved. The popcorn, the trailers, all of it was part of the experience. Jeremiah was always so happy going to the movies. He loved it all.
Vicki was a terrible cook. She hired a cook to help her out. The cook was amazing. Soon, Vicki was eating amazing food. She was so happy she'd hired a cook!
Chad wanted to be a poet. He wrote a lovely poem. Then he entered it in the talent show. He did not expect to win. But Chad took home first prize!
Patty is like a magpie. She loves to collect beautiful jewelry. She went to the store intending to get a jacket. A gorgeous bauble caught her eye. She bought it and added it to her collection.
Ray bought a new phone and was playing with he. He was walking as he tried out the new features. A dog suddenly ran past Ray as he was walking! The dog surprised Ray so much that he dropped his phone. The phone hit the ground and the screen broke.
Kim lives in Germany but is an American. She is on a work visa and is employed by a manufacturing firm. She met a German man and plans to be married. Her parents are very upset at her for it. She hopes one day her parents will accept her choice.
Jimmy was reading about the dinosaurs. He asked his dad why they didn't exist anymore. The dad said because God didn't like them that much. Jimmy said he didn't believe God existed. Jimmy's dad, a pastor, grew incensed, and sent Jimmy to his room.
I wore a cheap ring yesterday. It looked pretty. But then I noticed something. My finger turned green. It was horrible.
I helped make custom jars yesterday with my sister. It was a lot of work and tiring. Halfway through we broke for dinner. Finally we finished up. After we were done we relaxed with some tv.
Bob and his wife just moved into their first home. As they unpacked they realized that they didn't have enough furniture. They needed more seating for their living and dining area. The two of them began going to thrift stores to find unique pieces. They were able to furnish their home for a small amount of money.
Zoe has a test tomorrow. Her best friends birthday party is tonight. She really needs to study for her test. However, she does not want to miss the party. Zoe decides to go to the party and hope for the best.
I really wanted to learn how to dance in college. So I called up a friend of mine to teach me. He was a professional dancer and was very good. He taught me everything he knew about dancing. It made me better and now I am also a really good dancer.
Tiffany was excited to go to college in Florida. She was happy to have two really cool roommates. The three of them became very close friends. They would help each other study, eat together, and hang out too. Tiffany missed them terribly on her first trip home for winter break.
Mary always bragged about how good she was at bowling. Mary's co-worker Steve challenged her to a bowling competition. Steve beat Mary four times in a row. Mary sat on the steps with a sad look on her face. How was she to know that Steve was a college bowling champion?
Terrence had been hired by his aunt to build a privacy fence. He tried to focus on work, but couldn't ignore the sweltering heat. When a pretty neighbor offered water, he immediately left the fence. Before he knew it, he'd spent two hours at the girl's house flirting. His aunt was furious, and docked his pay for the day.
The girl was watching something riveting. It was a documentary about a trial. She sat on the edge of her seat until it was over. She googled to find more documentaries like that. She had really enjoyed the film.
Quentin always wanted to play chess against someone in a park. He sees men playing chess there every Saturday afternoon. One day he decides to go and play against one of the men. He almost wins, but in the end he is defeated. Quentin feels happy that he finally played chess in the park.
Sally needed to Christmas shopping. She only had $50 to buy presents. Sally decided to go to the Dollar Tree. She bought everyone gifts. She was able to get very creative and stick to her budget.
Once, there was a man who weighs 500 pounds. This man had gotten fat simply due to eating too many milkshakes. He read online how he could lose weight if he simply limited his food. He then published a diet where you ate only one milkshake a day. His diet became popular and made him lots of money.
Tim bought a new house. It was just built. Tim didn't realize they cut so many corners. The house started falling apart right away. Tim was devastated.
Ralph always wanted a Cadillac. He worked hard and saved his money. Ralph saved enough to buy the Cadillac that he wanted. He drove it home, but it wouldn't fit in his garage. Ralph traded in his Cadillac for a Toyota.
Tom wanted to have a clean house. He could not afford a maid. He decided to buy cleaning supplies. He cleaned his house himself. He was happy to be living in a very clean home.
Matthew went on a camping trip. The weather had been rainy. Matthew forgot to bring mosquito repellent. The mosquitoes were really biting. Matthew came home covered in bites.
Katie had grown up with her best friend, Mary. They did everything together. In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night. Katie confronted Mary about her behavior. Mary got mad and blocked Katie's number, never speaking to her again.
Mike woke up to a big blizzard taking place outside. Him and his friends did not have class so they drank all day. Later, they decided to dive into the snow in only their shorts. Mike dove in and instantly regretted it. He ran back inside freezing.
I looked very hard for a new job. Finally, I got an interview! I was so nervous, but I thought I did okay. I waited and waited for a call. Finally they called to tell me I had gotten the job.
Brian woke up with horrible back pain. He tried to stretch but nothing helped. Brian called a chiropractor to make an appointment. The chiropractor gave Brian an adjustment to realign his back. Brian was thankful to have relief from his back pain.
My family has a halloween night tradition. We light the jack-o-lanterns and turn off all the lights in the house. We find some scary, family-friendly movies to watch. We eat special treats and drink non-alcoholic wine. Then we go to bed and wait to celebrate again the next year.
Jake had a car in good condition. He loved his car but hated the monthly car note. When Jake got his tax refund check he got an idea. He decided to pay off his car with the extra money. Jake now loves driving in his paid off car.
Tom woke up in a pool of sweat. He has not been able to sleep well since the test. Tom will fail the class if he doesn't get a high score. The test scores are posted for all to see today. Tom was at the top of the list with a perfect score.
Tanya was making a soup. She stepped away from the kitchen. The soup began to thicken. Tanya checked on the soup. She added more water to thin it out.
Mark was very political. He cared a lot about poverty and crime. He often marched in protests. This last weekend he started his own. It wasn't that big but he is still proud of the support.
I went to the zoo. I really wanted to see lions. I walked for an hour. I could not find them. I finally found the lion exhibit in the back of the zoo.
Grace had an oral exam in science class. She was very nervous! But when she was called, she stood, resolving to do her best. To her relief, the questions were easy. Grace scored very well on her oral exam.
Barb was supposed to make a ham for the holiday party. The night before the party she went to the store. She could not find a ham. The store had sold out! All the party attendees are sad there is no ham.
It was fourth down and the last play. Jack lined up ready for the play to begin. When the ball was hiked, Jack ran into the end zone. The QB threw the ball to Jack. Jack caught the ball and scored six points.
Andy had to give a presentation at a conference on a fungus. He was very nervous and drank two glasses of wine before hand. He gave the presentation and thought he did alright. He didn't notice that his sweater was on backwards. He got good reviews on his talk anyway.
Tim's girlfriend was the jealous type. She always thought he was flirting. ONe time he was talking to her best friend. Tim's girlfriend got very jealous. She stopped talking to the friend.
Today is my baby cousin's birthday. The family decided to buy a birthday cake for him. After my cousin blew the candles out, he pressed on the cake. His hands were filled with cake pieces. Before he got a chance to eat, I had to clean him up.
I went to the gas station to get gasoline for my car. I had an extra dollar left over. I decided on a whim to spend my dollar on a lottery ticket. I scratched it off. It was revealed that I had won one thousand dollars.
Gina rarely saw anyone go into the house next door. Now there was a middle aged man coming and going. She assumed it was the son of the elderly lady who lived there. One day she saw her mother speaking with the man. She found out his mother was too sick to live alone any longer.
Jane picked up her phone since she got a text. She freaked out since the text was a threat. She reported the incident to her school. Instead of sending police enforcement, they helped me find the bully. We ended up reaching an agreement.
Tony and his family were going on a camping trip. They were going to the mountains for a few days. They all loved to camp. They got to their site and set up camp. Tony's family had a great time that weekend.
Pete and his friends wanted to see a movie. Unfortunately they didn't have enough money. Instead, they bought one ticket. Then, one friend went in and opened a back door for them. Finally, they were able to watch the movie together.
John was a graphic designer. He decided to use his skills to make phoney coupons. He took them to the supermarket and handed them to the cashier. The coupons made everything in his cart free. The cashier did not suspect John and accepted all of the coupons.
My friend and I were very bored. We looked around for something to do. We found a monopoly game in his closet. We sat down and played the game for a while. It was boring, so we decided to stop.
Donna was short on money but needed groceries. She went to a dollar store to find some inexpensive food. She found many canned goods to buy. Donna checked out and was happy with the food she purchased. Donna made a nice dinner and still had money for bills.
The doctor had a patient that was not doing well. As he kept treating the patient, a large rash developed. The doctor had no idea what was wrong. He spent the next day in the hospital library trying to understand it. The patient died before he found the answer.
It was the graduation day from my discipleship school. A guy that I fell in love with there came to hug me. When he hugged me I felt one with him. As I sat down, he looked at me and leaned in to kiss me on the cheek. It was the most pure experience I have ever had.
It was beginning to look like spring. The tulips had pushed out of ground. Soon, they would be blooming! Jasmine couldn't wait to take pictures of them. Spring in the Netherlands was her favorite season!
Gary has a quarterly sales meeting coming up. Gary's boss told him he has to give a presentation at the meeting. Gary did a lot of research in preparation for his presentation. Gary created slides and practiced his oral presentation. On the day of the meeting, Gary gave a great presentation.
Ana's mom threw her a party for her tenth birthday. There was pizza, cake, and ice cream! Ana ate a lot of everything. But that night, terrible cramps plagued her. Ana wished she had restrained herself.
Sam thought he was a Texan. He went to a bar with a mechanical bull. He figured it would be fun to show off. Sam got knocked off within a second. He walked off and pretended it didn't happen.
Today was Sam's first day of school. Sam was afraid to start school and spend the day away from home. A boy named Henry saw that Sam was nervous and befriended him. Sam and Henry had a great time playing and learning together. Sam went home with a smile on his face and couldn't wait to come back.
John was looking forward to his next birthday. Turning sixteen, John was most excited about driving. The morning of his birthday, he couldn't wait to take his test. Though he was nervous, he did well and got his license. His parents surprised him with his very own car that night.
The woman tried on some glasses. She asked the secretary's advice. The secretary liked them. The woman bought the glasses. She became her favorite glasses.
I agonized over what sized u-haul to rent. It was a good forty bucks more for the longer one. I also thought it'd be way harder to drive. After a lot of measuring and frustration I gave up. I got the larger sized truck so I'd be safe rather than sorry.
Tom was in a new city. He turned down a bad alley. Tom was mugged. He called the cops and they looked around. They weren't able to catch the muggers unfortunately.
The kids liked to play outside. They had a big wooden swing set. They would swing and slide all day. When they moved to a new house, they took the swingset with them. They couldn't part with their favorite toy!
The renovation service arrived to my house. Several people came out with their equipment. They began pressure washing my house in order for me to paint over it. However, one of the workers accidentally slipped with their weapon. The pressure washer sprayed my living room window and broke it.
Tom was doing laundry. He was putting it all up. Everything was fine except for one sock. It didn't have a pair. Tom was never able to find it.
Lilian had just started high school. She was jealous of other girls that had kissed boys. She decided she needed to have her first kiss. After some searching she found a willing boy. But at the last minute, she had a change of heart.
Tom left his car at his Mom's house in the backyard. He left it there for years. It became filled with bees. Tom saw his car and got rid of it. Tom just bought a new car.
Phil had a difficult week at work. He decided to have a beer to relax. Phil went to a nearby bar and ordered a beer. He began to feel better. Phil was glad that the week was over.
Jason was always prepared for school every day. One day his teacher, Mr Stevens, announced there was a pop quiz. The quiz was on long division that they had learned yesterday. Jason was confident he would do a good job. When the grade came back, Jason was proud of his top score.
The Land's family planned a trip to Disney. The Land's rented a tour bus for the trip. The five hour long drive was exciting on the way to Florida. Once arriving the whole family was entertained sufficiently. There was something for everybody to do at Disney.
Beth made fried chicken for her mom. It took a lot of work to use the deep fryer. She finally sat down to try it. It was not flavored enough. Her mom complimented her but Beth felt bad.
Julieanne was a couch potato. Her parents tried to get her up. She just wanted to watch TV! One day her parents signed her up for softball. She tried out and didn't watch TV for the whole season.
Anger raged inside the man as he listened to the people speak. They were plotting against him and his family. He knew that something must be done to stop them. He withdrew a pistol from his jacket and stepped around the corner. He fired nine shots and the people lay dead.
Marina was at her cousin's house to drop off some borrowed dishes. Her aunt was rushing around in a hurry. She explained that she had been called into work last minute. She had no sitter, so Marina offered to help out. Her aunt was so grateful that she left her a special $20 tip.
Su and her family came to America when Su was just nine. Coming from China, everything was so different, and Su was afraid. She had heard a lot of bad things about Americans. But as she started school and made friends, she relaxed and calmed. Su realized that Americans were like people anywhere - kind and open!
Chase had many allergies. His mother packed his lunch for school. He took his drink out of his lunch box. A fellow classmate stole his beverage. He was thirsty all day.
Jimmy is looking for a new car. He finds a used car for sale on the street. He sees it's only 2700 and it's a good brand as well. He decides to call the seller up. He buys the car
It was Father's Day. Joel wanted to surprise his father. Joel decided that he would wash his father's new car. Joel took his time to wash the car. His father was very proud!
Candy was a reporter. She needed to get the great interview. She kept calling to see if she could. Finally she did. Candy was happy.
Tom was walking in his neighborhood. He saw a friend he knew. He waved and ran toward him. It turned out not to be Tom's friend. Tom was slightly embarrassed.
Sal needed a new car. He had no idea what he wanted. He went to the dealership. He took test drives. Sal now has a better idea.
After three years in the minors Corey was now playing in the MLB. It was his dream since being a kid. Corey was nervous, excited, and happy. Corey played a full game and got two hits and one RBI. Corey was now a MLB player.
I went to a country concert for the first time in my life. I thought that I was going to have a horrible time. I usually don't like country music, I think it's so repetitive. I must be honest, I actually had a good time. All my friends who I went with were surprised by me.
Ally moved into her college dormitory. By the third day, she really missed home. She called her parents. They told her she needed to go out and meet people. Ally realized they were right, and went out to make friends.
Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever. I went to Bertucci's restaurant and it was amazing. I ordered pizza and it was delicious. I would definitely go back in an instant. It was the best food I ever had.
June was hiking in the woods one day. Suddenly she felt a pricking sensation on her ankle. When she bent down, she saw it was a tick. She very carefully removed the tick. She decided to wear better socks for hiking next time.
I have a new lego set that I'm excited to try. It's based on the new Star Wars movie. It reminds me of when I was young and would spend days doing sets. The anticipation of opening the package is killing me. Finally, the kids are asleep and we can begin.
Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son. He wasn't sure what to get. He went to Toys R Us and asked the cashier what to get. He bought some lego toys and some video games. He decided if his son doesn't like one, he'll like the other.
I collect original comic strip art. They are pencil and ink drawings that are xeroxed for production. The artwork from the Smith Family comic strip was on sale this week. It was marked down to $35 from $40. Since I liked this strip, I bought a piece.
Sherry really liked the boy who sat in front of her in class. Sherry really wanted him to notice her. One day Sherry wore a bright orange bucket hat to school. The boy immediately turned around to talk to Sherry about her hat. Sherry started wearing brighter colored clothing to school.
Lindsey had IT certification tests coming up. She took practice exams and studied every day. Lindsay passed her first three certifications with ease. Her fourth one she was worried about. She ended up just getting enough points to pass it.
I hated my job. I had to fill in data on the computer all day long. One day, my boss was being very mean. I decided to quit my job and find something better. I was finally free from the terrible job.
Brian went to the park. He sit on a bench to read. He found 10 bucks near the bench. He was very happy. He bought some beer.
Gregory felt a kinship with other dog owners. He felt that they simply understood him intuitively. He would talk to people at the dog park all day. One day he bickered with a husky owner regarding litter in the park. Gregory amended his kinship philosophy.
Sam was feeling confident. He had a great hand for poker. He had a blank stare so he wouldn't give any of it away. WHen it was time to show his cards, he was beaming. He'd just won a ton of money!
Ina took her two kids trick or treating on Halloween. When they got home, the kids were desperate for candy! But Ina shooed them away. Just like her own mother, she checked every piece of candy. Only then would she allow them to eat their treats!
One evening while playing baseball in his yard with his brother. Justin slips and falls while trying to catch a ball. He lays on the ground in pain. His brother takes him inside to look at it. His father eventually comes and rushes him to the hospital.
My father works in a laboratory. I have watched him perform medical experiments since childhood. As a result, I am not very frightened by blood. In fact, I think gore is interesting. I had no trouble dissecting a frog in school.
I finally upgraded to a new phone. I had my prior phone for four years. Its power button didn't work and it lagged like crazy. The new phone doesn't have a physical keyboard. I want my terrible old phone back instead.
There are some apps not for children. I learned the hard way. My daughter downloaded something for adults. I had to change the settings on her phone. Now she can only see things for kids.
Bob was at school. He picked up a vase on his teacher's desk. He accidentally dropped it. His teacher got mad. Bob got a week of detention.
Holden was nervous for his first day of Preschool. His family had just moved to a new city and he didn't know the area. He also was nervous about making friends. During recess Holden met a blonde kid named Frank. Frank and Holden played everyday after that!
Toby hasn't seen his parents in 2 years. He is in the military and lives in Germany. For Christmas he wants to surprise them. He has a little leave coming up so he's going to see them. When he got to their house they cried with joy.
My husband's mother and I talked about everything we could think of. She told me how she had PTSD from abuse. I shared my own story with her, and she cried. She hugged me and told me she loved me. We made a promise that night to always be there for each other.
Melissa went to a concert of her favorite rock band. During the concert they were singing a love song. A singer from the band came among people in the audience. He looked at Melissa and kissed her. She blushed to the roots of her hair.
Many people came with gift's to Margot's birthday party. Margot was happy until her mummy brought out a cake. Margot hated cake and let her mummy know. Margot's mummy told her to blow out the candles. Margot refused and pushed the cake the on the floor.
Carlos decides he wants to leave his girlfriend. At first he feels very lonely. However he gradually feels better. Carlos is glad to be single. He is glad that he broke up with his girlfriend.
The run was at 8:30pm but Jen and her dog, Molly, were late. Their friends had already left when they arrived. Jen set off the same way she hoped the runners had gone. Molly refused to follow and tried to drag Jen in a different direction. The dog sniffed the ground and led Jen to catch up with her friends.
Jim was unhappy with the way he looked. His friend recommended he start lifting weights. Jim followed a weight training program for 6 weeks. Jim lost weight and built muscle. He was so thankful for his friends advice to start working out.
Kim hated overhead lighting. Her boyfriend's new apartment had nothing but. They were going to move in together. Kim's boyfriend surprised her with new lamps he bought. She loved how thoughtful he was.
Rod was taking his math exam. Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off! He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened. He was allowed to get out of his seat and sharpened his pencil. Rod finished his exam with no further mishaps.
Ron broke his laptop when he dropped it. He used his brother's computer to find information online. He took it apart and using youtube he found the problem. He reconnected the loose power cord and fixed it. Ron felt accomplished but decided to take better care of his laptop.
Cher has been having issues with her vision. She is 43 and has never had eye issues before. She made an appointment with an eye doctor. At the doctor's office she underwent an exam. She was told she needed glasses and was able to order them then.
Mary had been dying to see her favorite band. One day, she found out they were playing in a city an hour away. Mary immediately bought tickets for her and her friends. Mary and her friends drove to the concert. When they got there, Mary realized she left the tickets at home.
Benny loved the warm weather. He grew up in Minnesota where it was often cold. It stayed as warm as he would like it to. Benny wanted to relocate to warmer state. He chose Texas as his next state of residence and was pleased.
Mike is in a bad relationship. Mike is a victim of domestic violence. One evening his girlfriend starts to hit him. Mike gets up and leaves. He calls her the next day to tell her it's over.
Zach was sick of doing surveys online. But Zach was really broke and needed the money. He was looking online on how to make money all day. He found that he should sell on Amazon instead of taking surveys. He didn't listen, and is working on surveys right now.
Jeremiah was taking karate lesson for self defense. He lived in a bad neighborhood and wanted the tools to defend himself. When he finished his first class, he felt empowered. He walked back home and got ambushed. It didn't take long for him to run away and go to more classes.
Frank's college friends were on his way to his wedding. They hadn't seen him in years. They had a lot of fun at the reception. They told stories about what Frank had been like in college. They all laughed until they cried!
Connie and Bill went on a date. They agreed to go to dinner and a movie. Bill took Connie to a nice little diner in town. After dinner, they went saw a comedy. Bill politely dropped Connie off at home.
Carter was playing in the bathroom. He repeatedly flushed toilet paper down the toilet. The toilet got stopped up. It began to overflow. Carter got in trouble for stopping up the toilet.
Joe was having a terrible time camping. He forgot his bug spray. And he couldn't find the way back to his car. Late at night, he finally made his way back. But he couldn't find his car keys.
Sam was trying to take a shower. Unfortunately all his towels were dirty. He didn't want to use any of them. Sam decided to use clean t-shirts to dry off instead. He did laundry later that same day.
Jimmy was very fat. He was trying to reach a two liter of pepsi from the top shelf. He couldn't reach it though. He asked for a clerk to hand it to him. He felt so ashamed but he sure loved that pepsi.
Ben jumped up and across the tables in the library. He dodged the grasping hands of the librarians. Screaming at the top of his lungs, he got everyone's attention. Ben made an exaggerated theatrical gesture towards the patrons. He then gleefully showed them the decapitated gingerbread heads.
Jim wanted a new computer mouse. His wife told him that they didn't have the money. Jim worked to save up by cutting other luxuries. He found a new mouse on sale. Jim's excited for his new mouse.
Gina was starting the 9th grade. She was excited. Going to high school meant she only had 4 Years left. She smiled at the thought of graduating. Not because of college, but because school would finally be over.
Once a construction worker was angry at his boss for a pay cut. The worker felt he was the best man at the job and sought revenge. He decided that he would go and throw a pie at his boss's face. He found his boss and hit him square in the face. The man was promptly fired but felt much better.
David and his friends went to the lake. They loaded their jetskis into the water. David and his friends were riding very fast on the jetskis. In a brief moment, David fell off of his jetski. He hurt his elbow and had to leave the lake.
I took my son into the laser tag game. We had to put on heavy vests. The vests had flashing lights. We ran around shooting at each other in the dark. My son and my team won the competition.
Lois stood at the top of a steep, snowy hill with his sled. He had never gone sledding before and was nervous. The hill seemed to look taller every minute he was up there. After taking five deep breaths, he hopped on his sled and went down. At the bottom, Lois smiled and said it was the most fun he ever had.
Paul enjoyed science. He excelled at all his science courses in high school. He decided to major in chemistry in college. Paul graduated at the top of his class. He now works in a laboratory as a chemist.
On Thursday, I went to dinner with some friends. Before leaving the house I had to make sure they had left. I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there! Hopping into the car, I quickly drove to the restaurant. It was good to finally see my friends after a week!
Anna is working on her taxes. Anna is having difficulty completing them. Anna seeks the advice of a tax expert. She has her taxes prepared for her. Anna finishes her taxes and received a nice refund.
Lisa set out two pumpkins on her front steps. She went to work and returned home seven hours later. Lisa found the pumpkins destroyed on the front lawn. Lisa then reviewed the home's video security footage. The video footage shows squirrels eating the two pumpkins.
Josh was feeling very blue. So, he decided to call his grandparents. They talked for hours. He decided to stop by the next day after they had talked. Josh felt happy having someone to talk to!
Samantha was driving home from work when she heard a loud pop. She pulled over and saw she had a flat tire. She called for service but couldn't get through. Samantha retrieved her spare and changed it herself. She was proud of herself for being so resourceful.
The Smith children did not want the family to move to another town. They went to their new schools afraid they wouldn't make new friends. Each came home beaming about a new best friend they had made. Their mom wanted to meet the new friends. The kids and their new friends had a great time at Mom's pizza party.
My roommate decided he wanted to hire a prostitute last weekend. I wasn't home, so I never saw her. However, I knew she was here because my Rolex watch came up missing. When I asked him about it and what he planned to do, he shrugged. He just said stuff happens and to get over it.
I took my son to speech therapy today. She helped him with the alphabet. Then she helped him with sequences. He had a lot of trouble getting the letters in order. He finally started getting the hang of it.
Today I almost got a parking ticket. I was supposed to move my car by lunch, but I overslept. By the time I got to my car, it was too late. Fortunately, there wasn't a ticket on my window. What a relief!
John was watching the dishes. He accidentally dropped one and it broke. It was his wife's favorite. He ordered a new one online. He replaced it without her ever knowing.
Sam wanted a new tv. So he went to the best buy and looked at a tv. Found a good tv. Bought the tv. Sam loved his new tv.
Samuel wanted to teach his son a lesson in money management. Samuel opened a checking account for  his son in the amount of $100. His son started writing checks for whatever he wanted. It took three days for the bank to call about bouncing checks. Samuel's son wrote checks for $500 and had to do chores to pay it off.
Katie's teacher made the students hot chocolate. She warned them that is was very hot. They were all excited about the treat. Instead of waiting for it to cool off, they drank it anyway. Many of the students burned their tongue as a result.
Travis was playing video games. He heard thunder outside. Travis remembered he left his windows down. He went outside to roll up the windows. Nothing in his car got wet.
Peter went to the store. He wanted to buy some chips. While he was at the store he remembered he had to buy a lot of things. He bought all the things he needed. Peter forgot to buy his chips, though.
Danny and his girlfriend got into an argument. Danny thought she was cheating on him. Danny dumped her. He realized later that he was being stupid. He took her back.
Lulu had a jazz concert. She was nervous. She was afraid she would mess up. Because of her nerves, she stayed home. She regretted it later.
My mom didn't buy anything to eat tonight. She also argued at me since she told me to buy hood. Since I lend her money every month for groceries, I got mad. I asked her to return my money so that I can buy food. She apologized for her comments earlier.
Wanda was determined to have her toddler daughter look cute on Easter. Usually the little girl wore second hand, slightly raggedy clothing. Wanda put lots of care into sewing a yellow ruffled dress for her. On Easter her work paid off - the little girl was completely adorable. Unfortunately she was also covered in mud after ten minutes.
Sarah really wanted a new doll for her birthday. She showed her mom and dad all the pictures of the doll in the store. On her birthday she opened up 10 presents but none had the doll. Right as she was getting sad, her dad pulled out a hidden present. Inside was the doll and Sarah was very surprised and happy!
Cody wanted more family time. So he wrote a message on the family's white board. The whole family read it and wanted to make Cody happy. So they scheduled family time. They will be playing a board game at 6pm on Friday night.
We made plans to see Into the Woods at the movies last year. It was on Christmas and we thought it would be a cute tradition. So we bought tickets ahead of time and were ready to go. But halfway through the movie I felt so sick. I ended up catching the flu and had to leave the movie early.
Jen came home from her shopping trip. When she put away her purse, she noticed she was missing her wallet. She got really upset about it. Later on that day she received a phone call from a store manager. She was relieved to hear that someone had found her wallet.
Joe decided to make popcorn while his parents were out. He put oil and popcorn into the pot like his Mom always did. It started popping and kept going. Before he knew it the lid came off. There was popcorn all over the place.
Tina decided to plump her lips. She was inspired by celebrities. So she went ahead and got it done. But when she saw her lips she cringed. They didn't look good.
At night the campers could hear the wolves howl in the distance. One night the campers thought the wolves sounded closer to the camp. They started to feel like they were being watched. The wolf hunting party came out of the shadows staring at the campers. The wolves looked at the terrified campers and walked away.
Jason and his team were ready. They were in the final of the tournament. Jason and his team were very good at volleyball. The ball came towards Jason and he spiked it. Jason's team won the tournament and got the trophy.
I love to watch my greyhound run. One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH. He was playing with his buddies and suddenly they decided to run. I had no time to move out of the way, and then they were upon me. I flipped up into the air and crashed down to the ground head first.
The British were coming. Paul decided if they came by sea he'd flash the light once in warning. If they came by land, he'd flash it two. They came by land. He flashed the warning light twice!
Judy needed to make dinner for her family. She went to the store to buy ingredients for spaghetti. Judy looked all over the store but could not find oregano. Judy decided to make tacos instead. Judy went home and cooked the taco dinner.
She grabbed a handful of snow. She rolled it into a ball. The dog jumped excitedly at her feet. She threw the snowball. The dog chased it happily.
The class was going to end in five minutes. The teacher was aware of the time but didn't care. He decided to teach a new section of the material we're studying. Several people decided to get up and walk out of class. As much as I was annoyed, I tried to remain in class.
In 2010, my wife and I visited the Brighton Museum. It is a small exhibit sponsored by the local historical society. Signs, maps, and artifacts were on display. We looked through the rooms and bought some postcards. I later joined the Brighton Historical Society.
The elastic on all of tom's underwear was too loose. He hadn't lost weight. So he figured they stretched out and he needed new ones. When he bought a new pack they fit loose too. It turns out his scale is broken and he did lose weight.
Jesse decided she wanted a big breakfast. She headed to the refrigerator and took out the ingredients. She mixed them according to the recipe. She cooked them on the stove. Jesse sat down to a big breakfast that she thoroughly enjoyed.
Mary was painting her bedroom one day. She went down stairs to grab another bucket of paint. While climbing back up the stairs, Mary slipped on a sock. Mary dropped the paint and then fell down the staircase. Luckily, she was not hurt, and she went back to painting.
Last night I couldn't fall asleep. I stayed awake in my bed. Everywhere I looked I kept seeing shadows moving around. They would move like wind and anger. Eventually I closed my eyes and pretended it was ok.
The model worked very hard to get ready for the fashion show. She only ate healthy food. She spent hours at the gym. When it was time, she walked down the runway proudly. All of the designers wanted her in their show.
Anna was driving in the country one night. She saw strange lights and pulled over to investigate. She turned her headlights off. Then she gasped at what she saw. The night air was filled with thousands of beautiful fireflies!
Natalia was thrilled when she was cast in a local play. Knowing her character was a blonde, she dyed her hair to fit the part. But the first day of rehearsal, the director reprimanded her for it. He had apparently decided to change the character because of her. Now she would have to put up with a terribly itchy wig for weeks.
Maria finished her breakfast, and decided to wash the dishes. She took her plate, fork, and coffee cup to the sink. Maria turned on the hot water and put her dishes in the sink. Maria squeezed soap onto her sponge and washed the dishes. Maria used a towel to dry the dishes and put them away in her cabinet.
Tom was driving home from work. He was arguing with his wife on the phone. Tom wasn't paying enough attention. He got into a horrible crash where he died. His wife heard his last words over the phone.
Ellie's car broke down near a tunnel. She called a tow truck to get her car to a shop. While waiting for the truck she counted the cars going in the tunnel. By the time the truck came she counted 133 cars. By the time she left the area she counted 274 cars.
Erica was doing bad on her chemistry homework. She asked her friends for their notes to see if that would help. She even went on Youtube to see if she could find a video to help her. In the end, she had a talk with her teacher and he advised tutoring. After the tutoring her grades are much better.
Bob's lawn was needing mowing again. He felt like he had just cut the grass a couple of days ago. There had been lots of rain and the grass was really growing. Bob fired up the push mower and set to work. He finished with a sense of pride and sweat on his brow.
Ernest is out on a hiking trip. He is just about to turn back to head to the city. He sees something shiny in a canyon. He goes in closer to check it out. He can't believe he has found gold.
Jane wanted to be class president. She knew she didn't have enough popularity to get the votes. Jane decided to stuff the ballot box. She was easily found out. She was reprimanded and lectured thoroughly.
Jerry punched the snooze button when his alarm went off. He rolled back over and went to sleep. Ten minutes later he hit the snooze button again. While he was sleeping the power went out. Jerry ended up very late for work from his laziness.
Jerry was in the theater club. One night after rehearsal, the kids decided to go out to eat. Jerry ended up arriving home late. When he came inside, his parents were angry. They grounded him for a week.
Sara was in her brother's room playing with his video game. Suddenly, her brother came in. He was angry that she was using his stuff. The two kids began fighting. There mother heard and came into the room to stop them.
Negra the dog was hungry that morning. Negra went to try to wake up the old man in the house. Negra succeeded at waking him up. Negra waited patiently while he brew coffee. Negra finally got some cookies for breakfast.
John was minding his own business driving to work this morning. Richard had a bad day yesterday he could hardly get out of bed. The only thing that moved him out the door was an anger burning in him. Richard got behind the wheel and floored the gas gripping the wheel. As the car moved back, crashing in John a angry grin took hold of him.
Kay wanted a new dress. She did not have the money for one. She asked her mom. Her mom told her to get a job and save. Kay finally got enough to buy a new dress.
The beach was far from the dock, so they were renting a car. The cab took them to the car rental agency. They drove the rental through the town until they got to a steep road. The small car would not go up the hill so they backed down. They returned the car to the agency and took the cab to the beach.
I am very self conscious about my weight. Every time someone takes a picture of me I suck in my stomach. I don't think anyone notices that I do this, but I am embarrassed. I wish I could lose weight. I'm very busy with my life and have a hard time finding the time.
I spent all night last night working on my homework. I left my homework sitting on the kitchen table. I got up early in the morning for a run. When I returned I found my dog eating my homework. When I told the teacher he didn't believe me.
Jean made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He ran upstairs for a few minutes and laid his sandwich down. When he came back, it was gone. He looked and around and couldn't figure out where it went. Then he saw his dog licking the jelly.
Sam lost to Tim at a game of pool. Tim refused to give him a rematch. Sam kept asking. Eventually Tim broke down and did it. He beat Sam again.
Tom married the love of his life. Jen, Tom's wife, loved him very much. Everyone said Tom and Jen had the perfect life. The problem was Jen talked during football games. Tom filed for a divorce.
The opening ceremonies of the olympics went on. The teams competed the following weeks. Some teams one, some didn't. The closing ceremonies happened. The olympics were over.
Gina was trying, and failing to fall asleep. She had been in the car for only and hour but it felt longer. She could hear all the noise the kids were making. She could hear the chewing as her sister ate a sandwich. Gina felt trapped and hopeless as the car crept through the traffic.
Pat and Sherri have been married for 20 years. They have lived all of their lives in Michigan and have never left. So they planned a trip to Hawaii and saved money for 3 years. When they had enough money they went on their trip to Hawaii. Pat and Sherri really enjoyed Hawaii and said it was a dream vacation.
Eliza was serious with her piano practice. She woke up two hours before dawn every day. She was very praised by her piano teacher and didn't dare changing. But Eliza was exhausted and just wanted to have fun. She cut down an hour on her practice and played an hour after school.
The woman bought some shoes. She told her husband that they were cheap. His husband found the receipt. It was four hundred dollars for the shoes. The man yelled at his wife.
Mindy decided to go over jake's house. They both are scared of spiders. Mindy had to go to Jake's bathroom. In there she found an enormous spider on his roof. She panicked and ran screaming out of his house.
Lily had good news for her husband. She was pregnant. She waited for him to get home. Then she surprised him with the news. He was overjoyed.
Jon decided he needed a new car. He went to the local car dealership. The salesman showed Jon many models. Jon chose a cherry red convertible. He drove home with a big smile on his face.
Our state switched to no toll booth highways this week. We had to apply for an ez pass. The state had an online application. The app kept bombing out. I ended sending my application via snail mail.
I was a bookkeeper. I worked 80 hours per week. I was feeling very overworked and tired. I decided to take a vacation for three weeks. When I returned, I felt fresh and ready to go back to work!
I lived in West Virginia for 6 years. Each year the winter season got pretty bad. We would get so much snow. One day we tried to go to the store in the snow. We got 5 minutes away from the house and got stuck in the snow.
Marie had been hearing strange noises every night. One day, she saw a trail of cracker crumbs across a counter. Marie decided to get a mouse trap. Eventually, a mouse was caught in the trap. Marie no longer heard the noises at night.
Gina was in the basement at home. She needed something to pry open a frozen car door. But the light in the basement left a lot of dark patches. She felt through the items on a shelf searching for anything. The only thing she found was the handle of a thin paint brush.
Tom felt weak. He started to faint. His sister helped him up the stairs. She told him he just was dehydrated. He had been playing football out in the sun.
Tom ordered some items online. He would wait for them to arrive. Every time a delivery truck drove by he would get really excited. After a while all the letdowns became frustrating. Tom eventually got the right truck, though.
Tom asked his crush out on a date. He was really nervous. Tom tried his best to make everything perfect. Unfortunately the girl wasn't that into him. Tom never get a second date.
Joy bought herself a new dress. She looked in many stores to find one. She finally found it after hours of shopping. It was beautiful. She bought it immediately.
Tom decides he would like to eat some fried chicken. He and a friend go to a restaurant. They both order fried chicken. It is delicious. Tom is happy that he had fried chicken.
Tim was having problems in his relationship. He would get angry over almost everything. His girlfriend threatened to break up with him. Tim decided to go to anger management. It saved his relationship.
John had been getting into a lot of trouble at school. His parents stated he had one more chance to act better. John didn't listen and got in trouble again. His parents shipped him off to military school. John hated it there but learned a lot of discipline at the school.
Tim wanted to play the flute. He was terrible at it. He thought he would never be able to play it. He practiced hard. Soon he was the best flute player in his school.
Scott was determined to be the best player on his soccer team. He practiced for hours every day. He even bought new equipment to practice with. On the day of the big game, Scott sunk a goal just one minute in. He was horrified when he realized he'd scored for the other team.
Allie wanted to watch her shows. But she needed wifi for it. She tried to connect to it. But she could not. She then had to use her Lte instead.
My friend bought me a gift for my birthday. I opened the birthday card and found a $100 dollar gift card. I thanked him and used the computer to activate the card online. The system indicated that there's no balance on the card. My friend was surprised himself.
Juanita had always wanted to learn to bake. Her family told her it was very difficult. However, Juanita enrolled in a baking course to learn. She practiced baking diligently. Finally Juanita baked a batch of delicious chocolate chip cookies.
Dylan worked at a soup kitchen but was unhappy. He was only cleaning the dishes but wanted to help as a cook. He brought some of his dishes so the chef could taste them. The chef was delighted and told Dylan to cook with him. Dylan bakes and prepares dishes and is now very happy.
Mary couldn't figure out why her flowers weren't growing. Her books didn't have any information on it. She asked her mother who was of no help. Finally, a man at the local nursery gave her helpful advice. Now Mary's flowers are growing better than ever.
Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning. He begged to have a cup of his own. Finally his dad gave in. Jay took a big gulp. He wondered how his dad could drink that horrible stuff.
Deb was driving on a deserted road at night. She was being followed by a vehicle closely. Her mind raced with fearful images about being followed. She slowed her car and the vehicle passed her. She was relieved when she saw the taillights move away quickly.
New neighbors moved in last week. They seem nice. I asked them if they would like to share internet. They agreed and gave me their wifi password. So far we've gotten along well.
Vince loved going to the gym. While he was there one day the owner asked if he would work for him. Vince said yes and went there everyday after school. After awhile he got his certificate and became a personal trainer. Vince now owns his own gym and loves the work he does.
Tim was with friends at the pool. They wanted to have a cannonball challenge. Biggest splash won the contest. Nobody wanted Tim to play but he joined anyway. He was fatter and won easily.
Julie was happy about the upcoming school dance. The theme was disco and she thought that was fun. All of her friends got together and dressed up. She was wearing a huge pair of bell bottoms. They went to the dance in their costumes and had the best time.
Mary wanted to play the piano. Her mom played her some private lessons. Mary came for her first lesson. She wanted to play her favorite song. The teacher told her she is not ready for this difficult piece yet.
We had to go around selling candy bars for the kids. We made a pretty good dent in them by selling to neighbors. We then brought them to work and people enjoyed them there too. We were really proud of selling so many. Our daughter even earned an extra badge for selling so many.
Eva wanted to talk to the new girl in school. During recess, she approached the girl. The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva. She and Eva played all during recess. Eva and the new girl had become fast friends!
Hilary was a woman who was destine for great things. She spent years working for her government. She wanted to become the very first woman president. So she ran for president. She became the very first woman president in her country's history.
Greta was an old Russian woman. One day, she made borscht for her grandchildren. The grandchildren had never had borscht, and spit it out. Greta rapped their knuckles and made them finish. She smiled remembering her face time eating borscht.
Andrew beared the weight of the sofa. His father carried the other end, and they walked into the house. They were halfway up the stairs when Andrew could take no more. He sat the sofa down for a brief rest. Holding all the weight now, Andrew's father fell down the stairs.
The groom did not have a tuxedo to wear to his wedding. He made an appointment with the tailor for a fitting. The tailor took his measurements. He fitted the suit coat to the groom's shoulders. The groom loved his new custom made tuxedo.
Ken had been given a special assignment at work. He had to travel from city to city preparing displays. He worked sixty hours plus drive time in one week. He completed the work as required. His boss made sure he was given a bonus for his dedication.
Chief Hawk a was noble leader. His tribe respected him being wise. He taught them well but had a weakness. Chief Hawk trusted too many, until it was endless. Unfaithful friends brought about Hawk's early ultimate demise.
Carl made a cutting board in his basement woodshop. He passed his hand over the board to see how smooth it was. The board felt very rough to Carl at first. He used a lot of sandpaper on it to smooth it down. He checked his work again and he was pleased.
Lu's mom always makes salad. She tears the lettuce by hand. She chops up vegetables. She makes dressing from scratch. She tosses the ingredients and serves it with every meal.
Eva trained for months to become a licensed agent in a call center. During the holidays, she was finally called into work. Eva worked two full days in the call center at the end of the year. When she came in the third day, they told her she was laid off. Her boss felt so bad that he gave her a lead on a new job.
Kate was excited for picture day at school. But when the day came she had a fever. She tried to downplay it in front of her mom. But she made her stay home anyway. She was sad she had to miss picture day.
Tom had a big essay due. He decided to play video games instead of writing the essay. Tom then had to stay up all night writing the essay. He went into school tired. Tom decided he wasn't going to procrastinate things anymore.
The boy woke up, complaining of hunger. I made him a stack of pancakes. He began to feel ill, so he laid down on the couch. I put on cartoons for him to watch. I ended up spending the day watching cartoons with him.
Gregory was always mean to his little sister. He picked on her when his parents weren't around. He scared her with strange stories at night. Fed up, his sister told on him. Gregory ended up getting severely grounded for his actions.
Jack and John went to cross country camp. All they did was run and play dodgeball. John decided to challenge Jack to a race. As soon as they started John was already behind. He finished and decided he had pretty good competition.
Kyle had filed his taxes recently. He was expecting the typical refund in the mail anyday. Instead he received a letter informing him of an error. Kyle was so upset about the delay in his taxes. Luckily, a simple edit solved the problem.
The man felt wronged. He made a plan. He told his friend the plan. His friend called the cops. His friend told them about the man's violent plan.
Derek wanted to get into Harvard. He studied for the SAT every single night. Derek got almost a perfect SAT score. He applied to Harvard and waited and prayed. Soon after, Derek got a letter of congratulations - he was accepted!
I went to see my favorite band in concert. I didn't have enough money for tickets. I didn't know what to do. Someone with tickets really liked my shoes. So I traded my shoes for concert tickets.
Jim and Misty were recently married. After several years of renting, they decided to buy their first home. They worked with a realtor and looked at house after house. Jim and Misti finally found the perfect house that they both loved. They could not wait to make this house their home!
She left the back door open. Flies were starting to come in. She was getting frustrated. She yelled at the dog to hurry up. She finally had to get up and go get her.
Ivy planted vines along the foundation of her home. She watered them diligently. Showly they sprouted. As Years passed, they climbed up Ivy's walls. In a few Years the whole house was covered!
Nate failed all of his exams this week. Since he was mad, he spent all day in his room. His friend came over. He strongly encourage Nate to not give up. Nate took his advice and continued to study for his next exams.
Jenny was fresh out of college. She had just taken a job at the local middle school. She loved to teach and was looking forward to it. She introduced herself to her class and they liked her. Jenny knew it was going to be a great year.
Tim wanted to learn a new language. He was decided what the best way to begin learning is. He decided to move to South America. He contacted his friend who lived there. He moved there and soon learned Spanish.
Karen had her baby in her stroller. She turned around and it rolled away. She freaked out and screamed when she didn't see it. She yelled for help. She was quickly calmed down and shown where the stroller rolled to.
My daughter's old college roommate Tina turned 30 last September. Tina lives in CA while my daughter is in NY. Tina's dad paid for my daughter to attend a surprise birthday party. Tina was shocked when my daughter appeared. Tina was very happy on her birthday.
Two roommates bought orange juice. The promised they would only drink half each. Harry drank all of it one day. Tony got really mad. They decided to never buy juice together again.
Neil went to the Allentown art festival. He walked the streets looking at art. So many stalls had such great artwork for sale! Neil spent all his money on paintings. He couldn't wait to go home and hang them up!
As I waited for the bus the older kids laughed at me. The longer I ignored them the louder they got. Then one of them thought it was funny to hit me with a dirt clod. I marched up to confront him but didn't touch him. Nobody thought it was so funny after that.
Although he worked there six months, this was a new job for Charles. Finally he made good money and had a prestigious title. But one day he showed up to work and the business was closed. His boss came outside and handed him his paychecks. But the paychecks bounced.
Sally was really bored. So she decided to eat some food. But she got carried away and ate more and more. Her stomach felt bloated and terrible. But Sally couldn't stop eating.
There was a little old lady who sat at the window everyday. She didn't speak much but understand a whole lot. One day i decided to go and talk to her. I tried to talk to the old lady by the window. She wouldn't speak a word but just continued to stare out the window.
James just moved into his new apartment. He noticed he had a roach problem. He called the exterminator. They sprayed insecticide inside his home. James did not find any roaches the next day.
Susie was driving home from work. But she got an alert on her phone. There was a tornado warning. Susie then got scared. She didn't want it to harm her house.
Hilda noticed a lump in her neck. She scheduled an appointment with her doctor. The doctor performed a biopsy on her lump. The test was positive for thyroid cancer. A surgeon removed the entire thyroid.
Jeremy liked to spend his spare time playing video games. He used to play consoles, but was now getting into PC gaming. It was a relatively inexpensive and enormously entertaining hobby. Jeremy found friends online who played the same games as him. Jeremy had a highly active virtual social life, but no external one.
Leslie went to her favorite nail salon as she was ready for a change. The salon had many new colors, so she chose one of them. She sat down with her nail tech and caught up from the last visit. The nail tech worked diligently to apply the new polish. Leslie was pleased with her new look, and tipped the nail tech.
Tim's family lived on a farm. A big drought hit. Most of their crops died out. Tim and his family had to sell it and move. The next year it rained a lot more.
An American read the story of King Arthur. He decided to fly to Britain and try to pull the sword from the stone. Upon arriving and making inquiries, he was told that it was a legend. Succession is defined by descent from Sophia, Electress of Hanover. The American regretted not doing more research before buying a ticket.
Tonya is the best kickball player in my gym class. The boys didn't believe her when she said she could kick a home run. When she stepped up to the plate, she was ready. She kicked the ball so far that everyone on the bases made it home! Next time, I want Tanya to be on my team.
Kasey's dog was going to have puppies any day. She made sure she was comfortable. When Casey came home from work, Pepper was in labor. Pepper had 8 little pups. They kept all 8 babies.
Bill needed a fresh set of wheels. He decided to go down to Dan's Auto. He asks them for a Red Corvette. Bill is so excited when they show him one. Bill buys his new dream car.
One Valentine's Day, a man had forgotten to buy his wife flowers. He got off of work, rushing to find a florist that wasn't sold out. He only had a few hours before his dinner date with his wife. The man knew his search was in vain, so he acted on a new idea. The man cut the roses himself from a neighbor's rose bush!
Juliet was trying to enjoy a local city fair. Her only problem was that she couldn't find parking. Then she had the bright idea to check nearby stores. To her delight a grocery store nearby had open spots. She parked and walked to the fair which she really enjoyed.
Mel walked into his backyard to get some apples. He walked under his apple tree. The branches were too high for him to reach. Mel shook the trunk as hard as he could. Several apples fell on to the ground.
Yesterday I had a flight to New York. I made sure I went to the airport on time. However to my surprise I missed my flight. Security took too long. Luckily I was able to get a new flight.
Sam studied for his math test all night. He was sure he would do well in it. Unfortunately he studied the wrong chapter. Sam did terribly on the test. His teacher told him to pay more attention next time.
Molly's friend Susan moved away at the beginning of summer. Molly dreaded starting school because she wouldn't have any friends. The first day of school, she met Amber. The two hit it off and were soon fast friends. Molly still misses Susan but she's glad she met Amber.
Tom and his friends decided to go hiking. While hiking Tom tripped and fell down a cliff. He was injured so his friends called for help. Search and rescue came and saved Tom. After a two weeks in the hospital Tom recovered.
My younger brother used to be a picky eater. One day, he wouldn't eat anything, but whine about being hungry. Finally, I gave up making anything and took him to McDonald's. He got a hamburger and fries. After one bite, he said he wasn't hungry.
Kana's grandma died at age 70. Kana was called for a royal conference the next day. There, she learned a shocking fact. Kana was officially the Queen of her country! She was aghast - but thrilled!
Jim was running late for work. Jim's usual commute to work was taking forever. Because of this, he decided to take a different route. The new route was much faster. Jim got to work earlier than usual.
Tim wanted his classmates to think he was cool. He went to the mall. He bought the coolest looking clothes. He wore the clothes to school. His friends thought he was the coolest.
The family pulled into a parking spot. They were at the drive in to see a new movie. They pulled blankets and pillows out. They piled them all in the bed of the truck. It was great to see the movie under the stars!
Monica was taking her daughter to see Santa at the mall. The line was insanely long. Monica didn't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset. Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait. They actually made it through the line quicker than expected.
Carlos just got a new apartment. He needed a refrigerator. So Carlos went to the store. He found a very nice refrigerator and bought. Carlos now had a new refrigerator.
The woman grieved. She refused to be consoled. She stopped going to work. She lost her job. She had even more to feel bad about.
Steve saw smoke in the distance of his neighborhood. He suspected a fire and ran towards it. The smoke was coming from behind a neighbor's house. He ran into the backyard to investigate. There was a pile of leaves on fire which he stomped out.
Richard wanted to ask Emily out on a date. He was afraid to ask her face to face. He gave her a bouquet of flowers with a note attached asking her out. When she read the note she was very flattered. The next time she saw him she agreed to go out on the date.
It was opening day for the new phones at Apple. I waited in line for about four hours to get my hands on one. Finally when the line went down I went inside. I got my hands on the pink phone. When I turned it on it was heaven.
Kim was on a tennis team. She had been playing for a while. However her serve need work. She decided to start taking lessons. She finally perfected her serve and got better.
Karl used to play baseball with his friends in the empty lot. They would get together everyday after school. Karl was a great batter and he was always picked first on teams. Karl played baseball every day after school for his entire childhood. The memories of playing back then still make Karl smile.
The family took a cruise through the Mediterranean. They saw amazing historical sights. The beaches were beautiful. The food was delicious. They went home and couldn't wait to go on another trip!
Lydia wanted to go abroad real bad. She had no money however. She decided to at least work for a church group. Thanks to this she got an unlikely reward. They would send her to Israel as a missionary.
Tom was visiting his uncle's farm. His uncle showed him how to milk a cow. It was hard work but he managed to get almost a full bucket. Then the cow kicked it over. The barn cats rushed over to clean it up.
Mike gets friends together to play soccer. They all drive to the soccer field. Mike chooses the teams. Mike's team wins the game. Mike's team celebrates after the game.
Carol was having her birthday. She was feeling sad because no one said anything all day. The day got closer and closer to ending. Carol had pretty much given up on having a nice birthday. Suddenly at the end of the day her friends surprised her with a party.
Jonah was signed up for an open mic. It would be his first public performance. He almost backed out because of nerves. Luckily his supportive girlfriend helped him past that. He performed and did a great job.
Anna wanted to cook some eggs. She took the eggs out of the refrigerator. Then, she put a pan on the stove. She turned on the stove to heat up the pan. Anna cracked the eggs into the hot pan.
Alexa was married and a mother of 3 children. Her oldest was diagnosed with autism and he gave her a hard time. Alexa handled his behavior alone because her husband didn't help her. After 6 years of doing it all alone she became extremely overwhelmed. Unfortunately,she had a breakdown and ended up in a psyche ward.
When I was little I saw a movie about a dog that could talk. I begged my parents to get me a dog. I felt upset because the dog could not talk. Mother explained to me that no dogs can talk. I loved my dog and we enjoyed talking though he could not respond.
When my friends came together, we explored several attractions. Many people were scared by the special effects. In addition, men in costumes were appearing out of nowhere. I felt normal until someone appeared out of a wall. My heart skipped a beat when they scared me.
Tom went to a horror movie about a ghost living in a closet. Tom went home that night feeling a little spooked. Tom checked his closet before going to bed. Tom got up again to check his closet a second time. Tom slept with the lights on that night.
Cassidy has joined his college swimming team. He finds out that the other new members are all shaving their heads. Although he doesn't want to shave his head, he does so he can fit in. At first he finds it very cold and strange to have a shaved head. However, he feels very connected with other the new swimmers.
Wes did the laundry. He put a red towel in with the white ones. It turned the white towels pink! His wife was not very happy. She made him buy new towels.
Dan was always fascinated with Candy Stores. Dan decided he would open his own candy store. After locating a spot, Dan signed the lease, and opened the store. Dan loved seeing the children enjoying candy from his store. Dan loved his candy store so much, he decided to open another store.
Sam and John decided to take a road trip to see old architecture. They went to the old state prison that was thought to be haunted. Once they got there they were impressed by the castle-like appearance. Inside they were impressed with the sheer size of the building. They were happy to have not encountered any ghosts.
Barney danced around for the crowd. The crowd threw money in Barney's hat. Barney bought a new costume with the money. Barney danced for the crowd with the new costume. The crowd threw even more money into Barney's hat.
I heard the sound of crying. It sounded like a baby. I went into the backyard. The noise was louder. I realized it was a caterwauling feline.
Jane was feeling depressed. She thought a makeover would be a good pick-me-up. She went to the makeup counter and they put the products on. Jane felt really beautiful! She bought everything they used.
Bud went to a foreclosure auction. He was hoping to buy his first home. The auction was fast-paced and he was nervous. But he managed to place one winning bid. Bud was now a homeowner!
Drew was trying to write his novel. However, his neighbors were being very noisy. After a few hours of noise, Drew called his neighbors. He told them to be quiet. Drew was finally able to write in peace.
Amy's high school had 2 building connected on the 2nd floor. Amy had to go outside to get to the other building. It was cold and she hesitated to open the door. She ran through the snow to get to the right building. When she got inside she slipped and fell because her shoes were wet.
Ray wanted basketball shoes. But he would not accept a cheap pair. He insisted on buying an expensive brand. And his parents eventually gave in to his request. Ray showed off his expensive shoes everywhere he went.
John was fired from a job. John felt depressed. John drank alcohol. John realized it was not the answer. The answer was to look for another job which John did so.
The farmers loaded their horse drawn cart. The horses weren't used to pulling the cart. The farmers set off on a long journey with the cart and horses. The horses suddenly bolted and ran at full speed with the cart! Luckily the farmer managed to stop them before they ran into a ditch.
I went to the bank this morning to cash a couple checks. When I gave them my checks, they asked for my identification. They would not allow me to cash them without it. I asked the teller if I could just deposit them instead. They were able to deposit the checks without my identification.
Karen was dealing with a small skin infection one week. She had an appointment the next day with her dermatologist. That night she experienced massive pain in her lower jaw. Karen had to cancel the appointment she had made with her doctor. She made a different appointment with a dentist shortly after.
In middle school I had a crush on a girl named Wendy. I knew she liked playing the piano, and was quite good. I spent a weekend composing a piece for her to play. I wrapped up the manuscript, delivering it to Wendy at school. Once she played it she said she knew I had just copied some Mozart!
Anna loved going to drama class. She had auditioned for the spring musical and felt she did well. When the cast was announced, she was left disappointed. Her parents encouraged her to do her best regardless. At the end of the show, she was awarded best supporting act.
Frank had always struggled with his bowling technique. No matter how many hours he spent he could never get it right. One day his coach invited him to practice over night. Working long hours together they finally got it right. His bowling technique corrected and perfect the following night.
Our internet was spotty all weekend. We could not get amazon, cnn, or usps. The management said a technician was coming today, Luckily, my internet service was good this morning. I am keeping my fingers crossed.
Sam kept trying to tune her guitar. She couldn't get one string right. Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong. She tried different adjustments. Eventually she realized her digital tuner needed a new battery.
We headed down to Maryland for a golf trip. We were excited to hit the links. But two days in it started to snow. It was so much snow it shut down the state. So we just stayed in and played cards.
Tammy wanted to run for student council. She gathered her friends to help her make posters. She gave a stirring campaign speech. The day of the election came, and they waited to see the results. Tammy won!
I used to drive this old Mazda RZ7. It was not worth much but it was fun to drive. I drove it hours to visit my sister and parked in the driveway. Blaise, her husband, forgot it was there and backed into it. It was old and still drove find so I told him not to worry about it.
Lena wanted to spend her weekend at the beach. She even bought a new bathing suit. The bathing suit was cheaply made. It fell apart and shrunk a couple sizes as she swam. Lena had to cover herself up with a beach towel.
Tess wanted to make her family pizza for dinner. But the dough she made fell flat, and her sauce was watery. Tess was so disappointed! Then she thought of a solution. She ordered a takeout pizza, which her family loved!
Maryann couldn't get a moment alone. She's always surrounded by people. She grabbed her headphones. She started listening to her favorite music. She finally felt like she was alone.
The family loved exploring. They found a cave in a state park that they'd never seen before. THey crawled in and shined their flashlights. They went further and further in. It was the most they'd ever explored a cave!
Gary visited a farm in his town. The first thing he noticed were the cows on the pasture. He timidly approached one. The cow stared at him blankly before moving on. Gary wondered if cattle just didn't find him interesting.
Dane had ripped his old pair of shoes while playing. He knew it was time to buy new shoes. Dane drove to the nearest shoe store. He tried on several different pair. Dane left with a new pair of shoes that fit perfectly!
Luke was diagnosed with cancer at 2 years old. He was feeling very bad all day. He went to stay at Ronald Mcdonald house in Memphis. I visited him all day long. We played with his fire truck.
Our daughter's college friend Charlene had a baby. She is six months old. She just told our daughter she is pregnant. Furthermore, she is expecting twins. Our daughter was amazed.
Ben always wanted to ride motorcycles. He decided he would take a motorcycle class. After passing his class, he decided to take his license test. Ben easily passed his test and got his license. He is now saving up for his first motorcycle.
The owner of a water park designed a brand new exciting water slide. He built and then tested it out by sending his workers down it. The first three workers missed their landing by 15' feet. The fourth worker, Jim, protested and begged not to go down. The owner didn't yeild and said Jim stood in the way of science.
When I went on the big thunder mountain ride it was scary. I had thought I was going on a kiddie train ride. Then we started going fast. Unexpectedly we dropped. I was so mad I went on that ride.
There once was a requester on mturk. They put up hits asking people to write stories. The stories got progressively weirder. One person in particular caught the eye of the requester. This led to the requester giving that person a high paying qual.
I was eating lunch at school with my friends. Everything was normal until I heard an unpleasant noise. I looked over and some guy sneezed. There was snot hanging from the guy's nose. I couldn't eat at all because of this.
My friend made me a smoothie last night. It was really tasty, but it had Strawberries in it. Unfortunately, I am allergic to strawberries. I had to go to the hospital to get some pills. The pills made me feel all better again.
Tim got bad grades in school. His parents made the rules in the house more strict. He screamed that the rules were too harsh. Tim eventually got used to the new rules. The new rules actually helped him do better in school.
Bob is extremely sick and thinks he has the flu. He has called in sick to work two days in a row. He keeps vomiting and coughing. Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take. Within hours Bob started feeling better.
Stacey and her boyfriend decided to go to a movie premier. When they saw the movie, they absolutely loved it. To her delight, Stacey saw her favorite celebrities. She immediately ran to get their autograph. When she received it, she was thrilled.
Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes. Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy. Jenna was concerned to see melted cheese all over the main dish. She didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings so ate dinner anyway. She got a painful migraine and decided to be more honest next time.
Bailey had been an avid roller derby fan. She longed for the day she could be on a team. Recently, Bailey saw a flyer for roller derby team auditions. Bailey decided she would sign up for the team auditions. Bailey was excited to audition for the roller derby team.
Tom was excited to go to the amusement park. He wanted to go on one specific ride. Unfortunately it was being fixed at the time. Tom was disappointed. He went on other rides but it wasn't the same.
Randy's football game was on Monday. His entire family came to see him play. He ended up scoring a touchdown for his team! His team ended up winning. His family was very proud.
Anita browsed the aisles of the local candy store. There was a container of gummy bears that caught her eye. She hesitated, then discreetly put a handful in her pocket. The shopkeeper noticed and glared. Anita never felt so guilty in her life.
I wanted to buy my son some clothes. I went to a garage sale. I found shirts at the garage sale for 25 cents each. I bought all of the shirts. My son has a bunch of new clothes.
Susan and Julie went to the beach. They were both excited to start their tan. They realized that they had forgotten their sunscreen. Both decided to lay out in the sun anyway. Susan and Julie both were bright red at the end of the day.
My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring. At first we considered inviting all of our friends and family. As we talked we started to see that fewer people would be better. In the end we decided just to invite our immediate families. We hope our friends and extended family will understand!
Terry Nova loved stars. He always wanted to be an astronaut. He was able to go into the planetarium at school. He decided to go into the space program after this visit. After college, he was accepted into NASA.
We went to a bar on karaoke night. I was singing along to every song. My group told me to give it a try. After hours of hesitation I summoned the courage to try it. Now I go every week and have my own go to songs !
Finn loved to go hiking. He decided to go on a hiking trip one day. He invited his friend Marcy along. They walked on several trails and had a great couple of days. They both agreed what a great trip it had been.
Lulu is a project consultant for an engineering firm. Lulu's firm sent her to the Ukraine to oversee a job. Lulu's firm was building a memorial arch over Chernobyl. In 2013, an armed conflict erupted in Crimea. Lulu's firm pulled out of the project and brought her home.
I tried to fight off the sad feelings. Every morning felt increasingly worse. I didn't want to get out of bed. I didn't want to clean the house. I just wanted to disappear into oblivion.
Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together. Jake's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set. He brought it out and Jake's eyes lit up like stars. Jake and his grandfather spent the whole day talking and building. They had a wonderful day together bonding over the train set.
Eli reflashed the operating system on his phone. When he was sure it was working he called his provider. Eli told them he didn't need two phones any more. The people at the phone call center were really nice to Eli. They helped him transfer his number to his primary phone.
Sam is a very great baseball player. He had an important game today. He got three home runs. His team won because of this. The whole team celebrated into the night.
Carly had been playing flute for three years now. She saw a flute in a music store that was bright blue. She wanted that flute so badly. She saved up enough to buy it later that year. Her friends were jealous of her colorful flute.
Jane was on birth control. One month she missed her period. By the next month she took a birth control test. She was pregnant without knowing. Her birth control did not work.
The boys were so excited they couldn't even sleep that night. It was Christmas morning and they sprang out of bed. They ran downstairs to the tree. There it was! The brand new Go Cart they had wanted.
My cousin wants to be a computer programmer. He started going to college for it. After a few semesters he dropped out. He found out it was boring and uninspiring. Now he doesn't do anything.
Jen was constantly coughing. But she wasn't sure why. Her mother noticed that there was lots of dust in her room. So Jen used a duster to clean as much of it as she could. But the process of cleaning the dust made Jen's cough worse.
Jamie was a good car salesman. He often would sell cars to people that they didn't really need. Because of this, Jamie was having a conflict in his mind. He enjoyed the money from the cars, but felt bad for the people. Jamie soon began to sell less cars but provide better service.
Lou thought it would be funny to play a prank on his sister. They were at the beach. She asked him to put suntan lotion on her back. He made a smiley face design with the lotion. She ended up with a smiley face tan lines.
Lane had a cut on his finger. His wound was bandaged. Lane went to do the dishes. He realized his bandage was missing. Lane found the bandage at the bottom of the sink water.
When my kids were small we went to Burger King. My son said there was a bone in his burger. I was thinking it was a little gristle. I told him to quit whining about every little thing. I looked at the bone, it was a half inch thick and two inches wide.
Meisha's husband signed her up for an open mic. Meisha was furious and did not think she could do it. Meisha's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday. Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared. Meisha did not do well and never performed stand up again.
Jimmy needed a new pair of pants. The pair he wanted was twenty dollars. Jimmy mowed lawns for money. He saved up twenty dollars. Jimmy bought the pants he wanted.
I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade. I tried it at my friend's birthday party sleepover. My friend snuck a beer from her dad. We all sat in a circle and took a sip of the beer. We thought it was horrible and washed our mouths out with pool water.
I woke up late for my dog-walking job on Monday. With no time to waste, I quickly hopped on my bike and left. I got about halfway there, then realized I left my bike lock at home. When I called my boss, she told me that it was Saturday, not Monday. Since I have Saturdays off, I was relieved and made my way home.
Jim went out to the bar with his friends Tuesday night. He drank seven beers and three shots in two hours. He immediately felt sick after getting home and removing his shoes. Making his way to the bathroom, he jammed his foot into the wall. He broke two toes and had to use crutches for a month.
Lindon took out a lollipop. He offered it to his grandson. The boy took the lollipop. Then he spit it out. He said he didn't like licorice flavor.
I ordered computer parts. They are arriving today. The doorbell rang. I opened the door. The Fedex guy made me sign for my parts.
Max realizes that he has been wearing the same shirt to work for days. He decides he might need to buy another shirt. Max goes to the store and finds a nice blue shirt on sale. He buys it. The next day Max wears his new blue shirt to work.
Yesterday I noticed I was not getting much email. I checked and found several emails were put into my spam bin. There were personal emails as well as ones from legitimate companies. I found out how to tell gmail to not declare emails as spam. I am now getting my regular emails.
Tim had recently started at a new job. His office was hosting a party and wanted him to bring in his family. Tim was worried that his loud children would leave a bad impression. Luckily the kids were extremely well behaved during the party. It all worked out and everyone loved Tim's family.
Mark played his saxophone two hours a day. Yesterday, his upstairs neighbor complained about the noise. Today, Mark changed his playing style from rock to jazz. Resentfully, he played for an extra hour. When he quit, he could hear dance steps through the ceiling.
My fiancee and I are going on a backpacking trip next weekend. We chose a beautiful state park just a few hours from home. We've mapped out what trails we plan to hike and where to camp. We've even started getting the equipment together already. We're going to be well prepared for an excellent and safe weekend!
Joe needed a new couch desperately. His dog had stained his. He had been to many stores. He finally found the perfect one. He bought it and trashed his old one.
Tom went out for a walk. A baby bear walked in front of him. He anxiously looked around for the mother bear. He did not see the mother bear. He quickly turned around and walked home.
Roni had a lot of debt. She started to have a difficult time in paying her bills every month. So she got a second job. But that still wasn't enough to pay the bills. Unfortunately, she had to file for bankruptcy.
The man put a bottle of beer in the freezer. He forgot that he had put it in there. He found it the next day. The bottle had broken in two. He had to throw it out.
Dean loved to hike. He would hike in any weather condition. Dean went out hiking in the middle of a blizzard. He couldn't stay warm enough and was frostbitten. Dean had to get his pinky toes amputated.
Mike was a new employee. He had gotten a job as a doctor at the hospital. On his first day, he got a really complicated case. He worked hard to help the patient. Mike felt confident about how he would perform as a doctor.
Bonnie and her sister Sue were collecting sea shells. Bonnie only picked up perfect ones. But Sue was looking for shells with holes in them. Bonnie couldn't figure out what her sister was doing. Until that night when she strung her shells into a necklace.
Jeremy's dog ran away last night. He looked everywhere in his neighborhood but could not find him. Afterwards, he asked all of his friends if they had seen his pet. Although his friends did not see his dog, they suggested making flyers. Eventually Jeremy got a call and was reunited with his dog.
I got a new puppy yesterday. He was only 6 weeks old. My family had to decide on a name. We had many different ones to choose from. We finally decided on Spot.
It is once again pumpkin season. I wanted to make pumpkin pancakes with real maple syrup. I had never had real maple syrup. I went to the store to get some but it was seven dollars. I got fake maple syrup instead.
Chet was running late for work. He got to work an hour late. Chet skipped his lunch to make up for the time lost. Chet went home. He set his alarm earlier for the morning.
Clair was extremely interested in politics from a young age. At 13 years old, she campaigned for the vote for 16 year olds. This didn't make her popular, as everyone thought she was a nerd. This made her sad, but she knew she was fighting for a good cause. Years later, she is now an MP and looks down on her previous peers.
A group of flies were chasing Dan to the shoreline. He accidentally tripped on a rock and fell into the shore. Several insects managed to get inside of his pants. They were biting my legs to a large extent. Ultimately, I had to run out of the water
The high school hired a new football coach. After doing so their football team lost several games. The coach was given another chance. The team lost even more games. The new coach was soon fired.
Angel was bored at work. He decided to go on Reddit to pass the time. On Reddit, Angel saw an interesting link. He clicked on the link, and read a good article. Angel felt less bored after reading the article.
One day Savannah went to Colorado. First she went to Pikes Peak. Then she visited the Garden of the Gods. Finally she visited Cheyenne Mountain Zoo. She had a great time.
A family was moving into a new house. Their two young sons were bored after a lot of hard work. They noticed some dollies on wheels. They decided to ride around on the dollys. That kept them occupied until they had to get back to work.
The man always wore black when he watched his neighbors at night. Tonight, his trench coat concealed a weapon. Luckily, a random passerby noticed him and called the police. He didn't go down without a fight, which was always his plan. Tomorrow, the neighborhood will rest easier.
Greg's family did not have internet service. To do his homework, he always had to go to the library. He made lots of friends at the library. His family eventually decided to pay for service. Greg still asked to go to the library anyway to see his friends.
Jane never smiled. She had nothing to smile about. Everyone thought she would never smile. One day Tim tripped and fell. Jane ended up smiling really hard.
The man begged for money. Nobody gave him any. The man was very hungry. The man robbed a store. He was put in jail.
A politician was preparing for a speech. He walked on stage and began his speech. After a minute of speaking, he began to stutter. To recover, the politician just kept moving forward. After the speech, the politician gained a lot of support.
Molly had a boyfriend that never paid any attention to her. She felt like she didn't matter and like she was invisible to him. He made her cry all the time and she knew she had to leave him. It wasn't easy to make up her mind to move on from him. She left one day and never went back and he still didn't care.
Jodi and her friends were in a band. They would practice for hours in Jodi's garage. They decided to take their first gig at a local pub. They arrived late played too loud and broke a few bottles. Jodi and her band were sued for the damages to the pub.
Tom needed to get in shape. He didn't have much motivation to do so. He found a workout routine online that he liked. He was able to stick to it for a while. Tom got into much better shape.
Arthur McDouble wanted to impress everyone. He tried to become the best fencer in the world. In an attempt to impress his teacher Unther, he cheated. Unther was disappointed in Arthur. Arthur was beaten up by a mob of angry fans, along with Unther.
Hannah took her friend to the Jewelry store. He planned to get his left ear lobe pierced. The worker set up her tools and cleaned his ear. She used a piercing gun to pierce his airs. Hannah's friend felt uncomfortable with the new look.
Kyle has a big test. Kyle studies very hard. Day of the test is here. He does his best on the test. He did not pass the test despite studying hard.
Sam's radio needed to be fixed. So he looked up on how to fix the radio. Sam started to fix the radio. The radio was fixed. Sam listened to radio well he slept.
Jane is pregnant. She says Daryl is the father. Daryl does not believe her. They get a DNA test done when the baby is born. Daryl is the father of Jane's baby.
I often look online and in papers for good coupons. One day, I saw a coupon that said half of on my favorite macaroni. When I got to the store, I saw it was also on sale. I grabbed all I could carry and brought it to the front. Buy the time I paid, I had gotten ten for the price of two.
The bus left at nine in the morning. It took only two and a half hours to get to Cleveland. She got a local bus to the cemetery. The day was beautiful for a walk through the historic cemetery. She enjoyed the experience and took the afternoon bus home.
Cindy went to the grocery store. While there she met a nice old man. She talked with him about his grandkids. He ended up being short at checkout She loaned him $5 so he buy his groceries.
William's car broke down right before a job interview. He didn't want to be late. He called a friend of his. His friend came right over. William got to the interview on time.
We live by the edge of a pond. One day we were sitting on the grass. A big toad appeared on the grass. I picked it up and had a photo taken. The kids played with the toad before releasing it.
Lana was folding her laundry. She heard knocking noises outside. She opened the door to see who's knocking. She saw her friend and said hi. Both of them went out to eat and hang out.
Dan was at a friend's house. He needed to use the toilet. While flushing something broke. Dan panicked and tried to fix it. It made it worse and caused it to overflow.
The baby was rushed to NICU. He had a low apgar due to prematurity. He was tested several times. The mother laid on her bed, worrying. She knew something was wrong with her baby.
Beth was a great cook. She was making a soup for the potluck. She chopped the vegetables and added the milk. She tasted it to be sure it was good. It was perfect!
My brother loves to have a light jog around the park every sunday. Each time he jog,he saw the elderly woman sitting on the bench. His curiosity, he stopped and walked over to her. He asked the elderly woman why she's always there every sunday. She answered, she wants to remind her husband who had passed away.
Dan recently had lost his wallet. Dan was sad, because his wallet had a picture of his deceased mom. Dan had given up hope to see the wallet or the picture again. One day, Dan checked the mail and saw a package mailed to him. Dan cried as he realized the package had his wallet and picture.
Dave loved cookies more than anything else. He always asked his mom to buy him some. She rarely did though. Today when she came home from shopping, he saw a box. Dave was so happy when he saw they were cookies!
Laura had to babysit some kids today. She told me she didn't want to, but they made her! After she got there the kids said they missed her. She was very happy that the kids said that and started enjoying it. At the end of the night Laura tucked them into bed and left.
Sally thought it would be funny to give her little sister pop rocks. She had never had them before. She knew she would be scared when they started popping in her mouth. She gave her some while their parents weren't paying attention. Her sister started was so scared she started to cry.
My wife does not like a truck parked by our driveway. It blocks her view coming out. She went out today to see if it had a resident sticker. It had a sticker and was legally parked. She was not pleased.
Amy worked in a fast food restaurant. Every day she took orders through the drive through. Most people were nice, but some of them were a little too nice. One man asked Amy to marry him. Instead, she asked him if he'd like fries with his proposal.
Sarah had always had a hard time paying attention in school. When she went to high school, it became even more noticeable. Her grades were very low. She realized she needed to do something about it. She went to a doctor and was diagnosed with ADHD.
Earl heard a rattling. There was a soda can bouncing around in the back of his truck. He pulled over and grabbed the can. He crushed it and threw it in the grass. Earl didn't care about littering as long as he didn't have to listen!
Karen took her three boys for a day at the petting zoo. The boys went in to pet the animals and had a lot of fun. One goat bonded well with her oldest son and fell asleep in his lap. Her younger sons enjoyed playing with a few pigs with toy balls. The petting zoo closed in the evening, and Karen took her boys home.
Michael was walking to his car. He saw a tiger lily. He knows that's one of his girlfriend's favorite flowers. He picked two of them to surprise her. Then he decided to pick a few more.
Franklin had to turn in a poem to his teacher tomorrow. He tried all day to write one. But he couldn't come up with one. Franklin got inspired by his dog. Finally he wrote a poem about his dog and got an A.
Mitch is bored. Mitch doesn't know what to do with life. He decides to quit his job. He decides to live his life on the edge. Mitch becomes a world traveler and never looks back.
Darrel accidentally cracked his phone's screen. He contacted the manufacturer for a replacement. The manufacturer told Darrell that his warranty was still in effect. Darrel mailed his phone to the manufacturer. Darrel waited patiently for his phone to be repaired.
Hallie liked to startle people. She often hid behind objects to scare people. Her friends did not like being scared. They decided to not be friends with Hailee anymore. Hallie has to startle strangers now.
Tim's electricity kept having trouble. At one point it took out the refrigerator. Tim had to do something about the food. He tried to eat as much as possible. The rest he gave out to friends.
Jessica's mom was going out of town. Her older sister was supposed to babysit her. That night, her sister left Jessica to go out with friends. Jessica spent the entire night alone. When her mom found out, she was furious at Jessica's sister.
Tom liked to box. He would practice all the time. He asked a friend to join him. The friend never done that before. Tom accidentally knocked his friend out cold!
Tom had a salesman go to his door. He was trying to sell knives. Tom looked up reviews online. They were not very positive. He declined the salesman's offers.
I once had a roommate who put a ton of sugar in his coffee. I warned him one day about using so much sugar. He just blew me off. I decided to punish him by putting salt in the sugar shaker. My roommate drank some very sour coffee the next morning!
Melissa was seven months pregnant. She was resting at home, watching TV. Suddenly a big pain appeared around her stomach. She called an ambulance. Doctor told her it was food poisoning.
Gabe found two dollars on the floor in his classroom. He happily picked it up. And no one saw. But later, he noticed that his friend bought nothing for lunch. Gabe regret taking the money.
Jessica was starting her first day of school. It was almost nap time. Jessica took off her shoes to lie down. The children weren't supposed to remove their shoes. Jessica's teacher told her to put the shoes back on.
I was helping put snow chains on a truck. While pulling the chains over a wheel a truck passed me. I felt something hit  the back of my jacket. I took of my jacket when I got home. There were marks from the lug nuts of the passing truck on my jacket.
Mike was the star of the high school basketball team. Then one night, he was in a terrible car accident. The accident left him paralyzed from the waist down. Undeterred, Mike went into physical therapy. A year later, Mike continued playing basketball in a wheelchair.
Sam dropped soda on his area rug. It left a big stain. A friend told him how to get the stain out. Sam gave it a try. Surprisingly enough it worked.
I warned my children not to kick the ball to hard. The children continued to play wildly, kicking and throwing the ball. All of a sudden the ball went over the fence into traffic. The children looked surprised at what happened. The children put their money together to buy another ball.
Gary had dreams of playing professional football. His dad encouraged him to practice. He tried out for his high school football team. He made the varsity squad. Gary can feel his dreams starting to come true.
I went to the gas station to get gas for my car. I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up. It was coming out of the gas station. I ran inside to save anyone in there. The fire was getting worse, but I saved an old lady who passed out.
Tom wanted the very best for himself. Tom was from a poor family. Tom learned to curb his desire. Tom studied philosophy and Buddhism. Tom eliminated suffering by curbing his desire.
As a freshman in College, Tina didn't think she'd fly in space. She thought otherwise when NASA offered her a job as an Engineer. After four years of moving up the ranks, Tina became an astronaut. In 2006 she flew through space in a Space Shuttle. The university that graduated her heralded her as an astronaut.
Ronnie procrastinated his essay. He couldn't concentrate. He took some adderall and ritalin. This gave him the concentration he needed. He finished it in 2 hours.
We decided to buy a board game. We went to the store and bought Candy Land. Neither of us had ever played it. We laid out the pieces and read the directions. I won every single game.
My grandmother passed away from cancer when I was 28. Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things. To my surprise, my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land! Her three children were unhappy with the situation. I split the land 4 ways, making everyone happy with the outcome.
Andy has been trying to lose weight. Recently, Andy has become bored with his exercise routine. Andy's trainer suggested he try jump roping. After purchasing a jump rope, Andy tried a jump roping class. Once the class was done, Andy decided that his old routine was better.
Today was a rainy day. We had to find some things to do for the day. We pulled out some board games. We picked a few movies. We had a fun day inside together.
Sam was waiting at a bus stop. There was a puddle near by. He wasn't aware of it. A car drove over it and splashed Sam. Sam had to go back home and change.
My family went to the lake. I was the only one home. I was the last person to see our cat. No one saw it after their trip. It was my favorite cat.
Dan likes cookies. He bakes chocolate chip cookies every weekend. One day, his friend came over and tried a cookie. He loved it and told Dan to market them! Now, Dan owns a cookie bakery!
I was nervous for the first day of middle school. I didn't know anyone at all. There was no one for me to hang out with. Luckily a group of people invited me to their lunch table. I ended up making friends and being less nervous.
Tanya needed more money. She went into work and decided to ask for a raise. Her palms were sweaty from being so nervous. Tanya met with her boss and brought up all her strengths. She left work happy with a pay raise.
I just moved into a new house. I don't own much furniture. I've been scouring online marketplaces for cheap stuff. My house is slowly filling with furniture. None of it matches.
Jimmy wanted his mom to take him to a superhero movie. It was rated R, so his mom said he couldn't go. Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater. They sneaked in through a back entrance. A theater employee found them, and kicked them out.
The couple kissed. The woman said his beard was scratchy. The man shaved his beard. He showed the woman. She gave him a big hug.
Sally wanted to start a small business. She lived near a the beach and walked down it often. She started collecting shells and organized them. She then began washing them for sale. Now she has a shop that sells them all to tourists.
David needed to get lunch for his family. He went to a sandwich shop. He had to wait in line. Then, he ordered some food. Soon, his food was ready and he left.
My friends in NH homeschooled their kids for a few years. The mother let me give an assignment to her eleven year old girl. I asked to write papers on the Impressionism. She did a good job on the paper. She later majored in art in college.
Jack and his family were on vacation. They were in Paris. They decided to go up in the Eiffel Tower. Jack was nervous, but excited. The view at the top was incredible and they were glad to have gone.
John got hired at a circle k. He was working the night shift. Someone came in to rob him. He gave them all the beer in stock. They got away.
Jim gets bullied and beaten every day at his new school. But then he meets his neighbor named Pat. Pat teaches Jim karate. Before long Jim is able to beat up the bullies. After that they leave him alone.
Mark was a big fan of nature. He decided to bring trees to the city. He would take a truck load of trees down each week. He would then plant the trees in parks. Over time the trees grew and now Mark is happy!
Chuck liked to play cards. He gambled a lot of money. He lost all of his wife's retirement. He was really scared. When she found out she divorced him.
A thief tried to approach an old lady in the street. He didn't realize that she's a kung fu mentor. She was able to knock him out. He fell on the floor. The police officers came and tool him to jail.
Zach was told by his parents to go out and find a job. He didn't want to, but started his search in the city. After filling out 3 job applications, one called back. They asked him to come in for an interview, he did. After an hour, they wanted to hire him, Zach just got his first job.
I remembered that I forgot to get mouthwash. I walked across the street to the store. I picked out the flavor of mouthwash that I wanted. I took the mouthwash to the cash register and paid for it. I walked back home with my purchase.
The hikers approached a river. The river was to swift to cross. They searched for a place to cross. They could not find any place to cross. They had to turn around.
It was payday and Tiffany got extra money on her check. She happily jumped up in the air due to sheer joy. However, her phone fell out of her pocket. The screen shattered into a thousand pieces. It cost her all the extra money to fix her phone.
Jane loved animals. Jane begged her parents for a new pet. She was told she wouldn't get a new pet. Jane gave up hope. Then her parents surprised her with a new dog.
I've been saving up for the past two months for a car. However, my attitude changed when my cousin passed away. As a result, I decided to buy a few gifts for Christmas. My family and friends were extremely happy when they got their gifts. Ultimately, I felt more happier.
I wrote my song by hearing the melody in my head. I sounded out the lyrics by using nursery rhymes. The melody and lyrics sounded awful together. I practiced and practiced until I got it right. That's how I wrote my award winning song.
The big baseball game was tomorrow. Brandon was feeling nervous. Practice had not been going well. Brandon managed to hit multiple runs. Brandon managed to help the team win.
Morgan was grounded. She wasn't allowed to watch tv. She snuck a portable tv into her bedroom. Her mom heard the noises and busted her. Now Morgan was grounded for another week!
Sally lived alone for her whole life. Sally was a very lonely person. She was so sad one day she had a panic attack. Sally called her mother who came rushing over. Her mother suggested she buy a cat.
Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.
Icy noticed that the state lottery was very high. The jackpot was ten million dollars! Icy decided to buy a ticket. She did not win the lottery. But she had had a great time playing and hoping!
Tara hates her new job. She spends her workdays being lazy. The boss has threatened to fire Tara. She begins to worry about her job. Tara now comes in enthusiastic about completing her assignments.
Ann had never been involved in politics until this year. When her political party asked her to volunteer, she hesitated. Though shy, she felt the election was too important not to help. Her friends were surprised Ann became an effective door knocker. Given courage by her beliefs, Ann inspired others to get involved.
Mike decides he would like to make some food on the grill. He grills a delicious burger. Mike eats his burger. He feels full after eating it. Mike is happy he grilled food to eat.
Saturday, Logan's horse broke through his fence. He didn't know it got away until his neighbor called him. The horse had gone into her garden. It ate all her tomato plants. Logan spent the rest of the day fixing his fence.
Tim was invited to a party. He had never gone to one before. Once there everyone convinced him to drink. Tim drank more than he could handle. He threw up and called it an early night.
I thought astrology was phoney baloney. Tina taught me otherwise. She said Sagittarius would be the love of my life. I met Hunky Howard who was born on the Sagittarius cusp. Now I believe in cosmic science called astrology.
Ted rented a car in New Zealand and prepared to drive. He was excited about his three week driving tour of the country. When he set out, he noticed right away the roundabouts. He was uncertain about how to go round the roundabout. He finally figured out how by just simply following the other drivers.
Corinne had no discipline. She constantly had goals, but never followed through. To help herself, she made a list of all her goals. She paired them with gifts she really wanted. And every time she reached a goal she treated herself to a gift.
Kyle was leaving to pick up his sister from work. When he got to the car he realized he was missing his keys. He looked through every room in his house but still couldn't find it. He decided to check his dirty clothes basket. He found his keys in the pocket of the pants he wore yesterday.
Danica went outside to push the trashcan to the road. It was a long walk from their home in the woods to the road. Danica heard a rustling in the trees. Danica looked to her left and saw a strange animal peering at her. Danica threw down the trashcan and took off back to the house.
Terry was riding his bike. A car approached him from the other side. Instead of slowing down, the car accelerated. Terry turned left to avoid being hit. He landed in several rocks and injured himself.
Olivia was getting ready for a fancy party. She was debating wearing her favorite necklace with her. Suddenly the necklace broke at the clasp. Olivia tried to fix it but it was inexplicably ruined. She threw it out and decided to buy a new one.
Tim couldn't clean up after himself. He decided to get a house cleaner. He looked up reviews and asked around. He was able to find someone he trusted. His place became much cleaner.
Jess was going on her evening run in the neighborhood. When she got back she noticed a baby squirrel on the lawn. It was barely moving because it had fallen out of its tree. She took it into the house, but her dad would not let her keep it. She called a shelter so they could adopt the squirrel.
Jim bought a dog. The dog was always digging. He dug a lot of holes. It looked terrible. Jim got rid of the dog.
Jenn and her Grandma went to bingo one day. They stood in line and bought their papers. They sat down and begin to play. After a couple games of not winning, the started to lose hope. Then they won the last game and went home happy!
Elena arrived to school. He took her books out of the back seat. While she wasn't looking a car knocked out her left tail light. Before Elena had the chance to see who did it, the car drove off. The police wasn't able to help since the driver fled.
Rodney thought it was going to snow today. He wore a scarf and a hat. He even put out gloves. It didn't end up snowing at all! He was very sad.
My parents were livid. They screamed and hit me, and called me names. I was frozen and emotionless. I couldn't take it anymore. They finally told me to just get out.
Sylvia saw the jar full of jellybeans at her local library. There was a contest to see who could guess how many were inside. Sylvia tried to count them all from the outside, but it was no use. She gave her best guess and slipped the paper in the box. The following week, she got a phone call telling her she won.
Carter and his mom went to the library. He decided that he wanted a book about dinosaurs. He found a few on the shelf, both fiction and nonfiction. After flipping through the pages, he chose the fiction book. He and his mom went to the checkout counter and got the book.
Edward was making deals for furniture on the sidewalk. He shouted out what he had for sale to passers by. A girl came up and asked about the chair behind him. He said it wasn't for sale and it was for him to sit in. She whipped out a hundred bucks and he changed his mind instantly.
Bill was very obese. He decided to get liposuction. He needed a way to keep the weight off. He now runs at least three times per week. He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health.
Otis went to the swimming pool with his sister. He climbed the ladder of the tall diving board. Otis did a flip into the water. He landed on his back with a smacking noise. Otis swam to the edge of the pool to get out of the water.
Bath ran outside to enjoy the snow. She wasn't wearing snow pants because they didn't look cool. She ran onto the snow mounds. She was told to get off because she had no snow pants. Beth whined that life was unfair.
When I was a kid, I lived by a spooky home. The kids in my neighborhood joked that it was haunted. One day, we got the idea to try to get inside of it. We snuck out one night and tried to get in. Our parents caught us and called my phone, so I went home.
Billy and jean were playing in the classroom. They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around. Elena didn't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher. The teacher told them to stop and gave them detentions. Elena felt nervous since she was the old who told the teacher.
Jasmine wanted to look perfect in her wedding photos. She decided she wanted to hire a makeup artist. She spent a lot of time looking through portfolios of artists. Jasmine finally decided on one to hire. The makeup artist made her picture-ready for her big day.
I have always loved multiple different kinds of cookies. I really love homemade cookies, so I decide to make some. I gather all the ingredients and make a huge mess. The cookies bake while I am cleaning up and begin to smell great. I let them cool and take my first bite, they are delicious.
Tom wanted to meet like-minded people. Tom loved going to the gym. Tom introduced himself to people at the gym. Tom made many great friends. Tom met the like-minded people he was seeking.
Jake was at the bar one night. He decided to smoke but only had one cigarette left. He also had to go outside into the snow. Once outside his cigarette fell into the snow. He decided to quit smoking that night.
The man grimaced. The dentist noticed. The dentist asked if he was in pain. The man said that he was. The dentist gave him laughing gas.
When my dad was young he liked to climb trees. One day he climbed too high. There was nobody to help him down. He was stuck in a tree for the entire day. He never climbed too high again.
Sandy got a new place. It was a small apartment. When Sandy opened to cabinet, there were roaches. She cried and went to the store. After spraying the kitchen, the roaches were gone forever.
Leo didn't like wearing shoes. One day, he dropped a glass and it shattered on the floor. He couldn't find his shoes. He tried to clean it up barefooted, and badly cut his foot. He now loves wearing shoes.
Mark wanted to see his son, Davie, play baseball. He was drafted by the Boston Red Sox and was playing in the minors. He arrived at the park early to watch batting practice. Davie saw his dad and invited him onto the field to take a picture. Mark was beaming with pride as his son stood beside him for the photo.
Marisa was walking down the sidewalk one day in December. She was out of work and had no money. Marisa was concerned about how she could pay for gifts this year. Suddenly, she saw a $100 bill on the ground. Marisa was able to buy gifts for her family.
Jake loved Woody Allen movies. He made everyone watch as many as he could. Eventually he got everyone tired of it. Jake was no longer allowed to pick movies. He had to watch Woody Allen movies alone.
Laura collects baskets. She has baskets from all over the world in her collection. She decided to take a basket weaving class. Laura excelled in her class. Now, Laura makes her own baskets for her collection.
Kate was bored so she decided to watch TV. She flipped through the channels looking for a show. In her desperation she checked the channels she never watched. The Shining was on TBS. She immediately changed the channel.
I just read that our BSO  music director got an award. I was excited, and looked up his recordings. Spotify had few offerings a few months ago. They had more now, including a Grammy winner. I played that album this morning.
Zack was looking for a new cellphone. He didn't have very much money so he figured he'd buy used. He checked the local craigslist listings and found one. He scheduled to meet the guys in a public place for safety. The man handed Zack the new eyephone and not the new iphone.
Jordan has always wanted to open up his own restaurant. One day he made the decision to do so. He did a lot of research and networking in order to figure out a plan. Once his plan was set, he opened up the restaurant. His restaurant has been a success.
Owen had spent all summer walking around a lot. Now school was starting and he was getting all cleaned up. His foot was covered in hard callouses. He didn't know how to get them off so he cut with scissors. Luckily it worked and the skin underneath was so soft.
Jill was at the bar. Guys kept hitting on her. They kept offering her drinks. Jill accepted them all. She gave them away to her friends.
I didn't make it very far. The local sheriff himself found me. He forced me into his car and took me home. I pleaded with him not to make me go inside. He walked only to the door, then disappeared.
She didn't understand how it happened. She sat down in a state of shock. She had tried so hard to save him. She burst into tears. She knew she would have to let him go.
Tom loved to train at his local boxing gym. One day he saw a professional fighter in there. The fighter's manager needed someone to keep his fighter warm. Tom offered to spar with the fighter. Tom knocked the fighter out.
Mavis was writing on his typewriter in the bathtub. He lost his grip and the typewriter fell onto his lap. It tore a gap in his side and he howled in pain. Mavis decided not to bring his typewriter into the bath anymore. But then he got a good idea for a story and did anyway.
Susie was tired of going to the hair salon. She just wanted to cut her hair herself. She knew it would be cheaper so she picked up some shears. She was about to check out. Then she saw it was half off so she was getting a deal.
Tom was playing during lunch. His friends all wanted to race. They decided to go around the school and back. Tom thought it was too long. He was right, most barely made it.
The Zapo family decided to make their own ornaments one year. Mr Zapo made a very rude one behind his wife's back. Mrs Zapo laughed, but made him throw it out before the kids saw it. When they were done they decorated the tree. It ended up beautiful and special.
I sat in a bar and zoned out as I drank. In the corner of my eye I saw a familiar face. The face was a girl I knew years ago. It seemed as though she smiled at me. I lowered my beer and went off to talk to her.
Gina had cracked one of her shell earrings. But she loved them, so she kept wearing them. She tried to be gentle. She looked at herself in the mirror at work. She found her left earring had broken, and only half of it remained.
Karina had her first ballet recital. She had invited all her friends and family. As she waited behind the curtain, her heart was beating fast. She danced nicely in spite of her high level of stress. At the end, her friends gave her flowers and clapped their hands.
It was Super Tuesday, and Lindsey lived in a key swing state. Despite it being the day of, she had no idea she would vote for. All of the candidates seemed viable, but she didn't like any of them. Lindsey went to the polls still unsure. Eventually, she voted for herself as a political statement.
Laura is walking home from school. She hears a noise behind her. She looks behind her. She see's nothing. Laura is secretly being followed by a mystery man.
Luke's grass in his yard was growing fast. He really needed to cut it but he didn't have a mower. Luke priced new mowers but they were too expensive. He decided to buy a used one at a pawn shop. Now Luke's yard is always well maintenanced.
Johnny wanted to meet new people. He wanted to meet likeminded people. He joined a local book club. He enjoyed the discussions and meetings for many reasons. He had a great time meeting and interacting with good people.
Terry went into the bookshop. She purchased several books and got out from there. The next day, her family was watching the news. They told her to come. She read that the bookshop collapsed several hours after her purchase.
Anna heard a weird noise from her car. She took it to the mechanic to get checked out. She wondered if it would be pricey. But the mechanic said it wouldn't be. He said Anna's car would only cost $90 to fix!
Sam was eating chips in front of his baby brother. He gave the baby the bag for a few seconds to have some. However, he started to cry once Sam took it away from him. Their mom got upset and took the bag away. Instead of throwing it away, she gave it to the baby.
Wan's big solo was coming up. He had been practicing for a long time. He stayed up late many nights getting it right. The conductor pointed his way. Wan got up and delivered an amazing solo.
John was tired after work, but he decided to go to the gym anyway. While he was there, he saw a beautiful woman. He talked to the woman, and they ended up really liking each other. He asked the woman out on a date, to which she said yes. John and the woman from the gym are now happily married.
Megan's dog Spot ran away one day. She printed posters and put them around the neighborhood. The next day, someone found Spot at the park. They called the number on the poster. Megan was very happy that her dog was safe and sound.
Rachel decided to try calamari for the first time. She was quite scared to do soon as it sounded odd. When the chef gave her her order for the table, she took a bite. It was rather chewy but actually delicious. Rachel decided to dear
Heather has two sons and one step son, all of which are teenagers. It is summer vacation and they are all home from school. Heather can not keep food inside of the house because of them. Her sons are always hungry. Heather is happy it's almost time for them to go back to school.
Susan's students eagerly strung colored cereal pieces onto necklaces. She let the students wear their art for the rest of the day. Before dismissing class, Susan wanted to photograph the necklaces. She asked the students to line up for a picture. Having eaten the cereal, the necklaces were reduced to strings.
The man had been feeling down. He took a test. The test said he was depressed. They gave him some medicine. The man felt better.
Dana had a blind date. It took her hours to get her hair right. Dana's blind date drove a convertible. Dana's hair was whipped around by the wind. She decided to put it in a ponytail instead.
Amy and her dorm mate Sue disliked each other. Amy returned to her room one night to find the door locked. Sue had barricaded the door from the inside. No matter what Amy tried Sue would not let her in. Amy had to sleep down the hall in a friends room.
Danielle was driving her car. She started to change the radio channel. She didn't realize that the light turned red. Danielle drove through the red light. The police gave her a ticket.
Shari wanted to paint her living room. She went to the store to look at some paint samples. She found a shade of blue that she thought was pretty. Shari bought five buckets of paint. Shari painted her living room blue.
Steve and john were best friends. They signed up to a league of legends team together. After they both got accepted they went onto the championships. They each excelled in their roles. Steve and john both became champions.
Gina loved Easter morning. She loved finding the basket that the bunny had brought. She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such. This time it was filled with all of her favorite things. She was happy that it was another great Easter.
Mary was on a very long flight. She assumed that there would be food due to the long hours. Apparently, they were just under the time for serving meals. Mary was so hungry but she couldn't afford the plane food. Luckily, her neighbor offered to share some food.
Tim kept messing up at work. His boss told him it was his last warning. Tim messed up again. The boss felt bad. He gave Tim one last last warning.
David was thinking about how crazy the weather had been lately. It was winter but lately it had felt like spring. Thinking about spring made him smile and feel excited. He then thought of something which made his smile disappear. It was only January and spring was not yet on its way!
Abby and Beck always read before bed. Tonight, their mom decided to read for them. Abby and Beck both ended up falling asleep! Now the mom had to carry the up to the room. On the way up, they woke up, this is the last time she reads for them.
Asha decided to get a pet snake. She brought it home and set it up in a terrarium. However, she couldn't get the snake to eat! She did more reading and learned that the temperature was too low. After she raised the temperature the snake ate well.
The little doll was placed on a shelf. Her black native hair was braided so it wouldn't tangle. She looked at her purchase with satisfaction. She rearranged the other items on the shelf. Everything showcased her new doll perfectly.
Jim was a paramedic. His ambulance was called to the scene of a terrible accident. A car had crashed into a house. A little boy was trapped in the car. Jim saved the little boy.
Gina was always forgetting a street near her home was closed. Every time she started to drive north she would see the closed sign. By then she was already headed in that direction. She would then need to make a u-turn in the middle of the street. Gina wished they would finish the construction and re-open the street.
Clarence decided to take on a project for the summer. He decided that he would restore an old car. Clarence and his father picked up an old Corvette. All summer long, Clarence toiled over the car. At the end of the summer, he had a nice new car.
Linda loved to bake for her family. She made some cookies that her kids loved. They gobbled them up as soon as they got home from school. Linda looked at the empty plate in disbelief. She would have to make more tomorrow.
George was at the hotel last night. He needed ice for his drinks. The room he was in was all out. He had to go out to the ice machine to get more. Luckily there was plenty left there for him.
Tom made up his costume last minute. It was pretty brilliant in a way. He decided to enter a costume contest. Tom was actually in the finalists. He took home third place.
Jeff had done it! He had won two tickets to the all star game On his way to collect the tickets he picks up a lottery ticket He scratches it off and wins 100$ On the way to collect the tickets Jeff blows his engine!
Tina and her boyfriend wanted something new. So they went to try a new restaurant. Tina did not like it. She got sick from it. And so they never went back.
Jeff tried out for the basketball team at school. He did not make the cut this year. His coach told him he needed to work on his shot. Jeff joined a gym and spent all winter perfecting his basketball shot. The next summer Jeff tried out again and made the team.
The family piled into the bleachers to cheer on the youngest member. It was his first swim meet! He swam very strongly in his first event. He won a medal! They clapped and cheered his name.
Alan went to go play darts at the bar with his friends. He was a poor shot, missing every throw. But he kept trying, and soon his aim improved. He hit the bullseye a few times, even! By the end of the night, Alan had beat all his friends!
Kay was grounded and had to stay in the house. Her brother and his friends were watching television. She went to the basement and walked circles while singing. But that only entertained her for five minutes. She was so bored she ended up doing the houses laundry.
A captain and his men were sailing through the pacific. All of a sudden, one of the captain's men saw land. They sailed over to the island and saw savage people on the beach. The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it. Eventually, the natives became angry and they had to sail away.
A woman took her dog the park to play fetch. For a while, everything was absolutely normal. But then, she threw the stick a little too far. It landed in the bushes. The dog came back with a live, but very angry, squirrel.
My roommate and I bought a TV. We did not know how to plug it in so we called another friend to help. Our other friend told us that we did not have the right plug. We went back to the store to get the plug. We were finally able to watch shows on our TV.
Maya was always being a poor sport while playing games. Maya never played fair with anyone. One day Maya played charades with friends. Maya did not guess the right answer. Maya then ran out of the room crying.
Cindy used her mom's computer without permission. And she searched the word ponycat online. She saw disturbing images of ponies and cats photoshopped together. And she became traumatized. Cindy didn't use Internet again until she was older.
Sal wakes up late for work. He rushes to get ready. He has no time to eat breakfast. He looks for his car keys and cannot find them. Sal cannot get to work because he lost his keys.
Oni's friends invited her along to a corn maze for Halloween. Oni had never been to one, and she thought it sounded fun. It did not sound scary at all! But the maze actually terrified Oni, and she was so glad to escape! She decided it was great - but too scary to return next Halloween!
Tim and his wife were getting ready for Halloween. They were trying to decide what kinds of candy to have for the kids. They went to the store and picked up 20 bags of different candies. Halloween night came and they got everything ready. The kids in the neighborhood all agreed their house was the best.
Chris played Rugby for his local team. He got tackled badly in a game and broke his arm. He spent months recovering from this. He wasn't sure if he would be able to go back to the sport. Chris rejoined the team helping them win the league the next season.
Jake found a wallet in the bus. He brought it up to the driver. The driver asked the passengers if anybody was missing one. Nobody claimed it. Jake was told it would be taken to lost and found.
Neil was doing a science report. He decided he would write it on the topic of acid rainy. He researched acid rainy and wrote a great paper. He even added a video about the effects of acid rainy. Neil's teachers and classmates loved his great presentation!
Nancy was driving to her friends house. However, her phone ran out of battery. Since she was using the phone as a GPS, she got lost in traffic. In addition, she wasted her gun from making several turns in a circle. Nancy ended up going home from the frustration.
Tina really wanted an iPad mini. She had searched everywhere for a cheap one. Finally she saw one on sale at target. Tina immediately picked it up. She was happy to finally have one.
Tom was out playing golf. A lightning storm started to hit. Tom wanted to finish his game. He was hight by lightning. Tom did not survive the hit.
Grandma baked birthday cakes for her grandchildren, every year. This year, her granddaughter requested a Barbie cake. Grandma bought a dress mold and a Barbie. She baked the cake and iced it. Grandma brought the cake to the party, and her granddaughter loved it.
Alan had never seen a blue tree frog in the wild. He rode his bicycle to the nearby forest to try and spot one. He searched all day but only found squirrels and toads. On his bike ride home, he saw a blue tree frog by a creek-bed. He snapped a photograph to keep the memory forever.
Jim owned a house in the desert. He always dreamed of having a pool. For two years he saved up money to have one put in. Jim was finally able to afford contractors and building supplies. Once his pool was built he used it all the time.
We decided to play street hockey one day. I volunteered to play goalie even though I had no experience. I thought it was lots of fun until I took a slapshot. I didn't realize I should have worn some sort of protection. It was the most painful thing I ever felt.
It was Christmas morning. Becky dug into her stocking candy, eating a lot. She was sick before breakfast. And felt ill the rest of the day. Becky no longer likes candy as much anymore.
Larry was gay. He went to a restaurant with friends. The owner didn't want to serve him. Larry was upset and left He gave them a bad review.
Ryan was going to enter a contest. He had a cool new invention to show the world. Ryan entered the contest. The contest winners were announced. Ryan won first place for his cool new invention.
Tom was very patriotic. He made sure his family celebrated the 4th of july right. He would go out and buy a ridiculous amount of fireworks. He would set them all off at proper times. His display was loved by many.
A man went dancing at a night club. He noticed most people danced much better than him. He asked a great dancer for advice. He learned that practicing in front of a mirror is helpful. He did that and saw his dance skills improve.
Alex decided to prank his sister Tina. He wanted to prank her when she was asleep. He went into her room and cut her hair. When Tina woke up she was furious. Alex ended up being grounded.
Grandma noticed that her wedding ring was missing from her finger. She panicked, unsure of where she could have left it. She looked everywhere in the house for her ring. Then, she remember she had gone to the grocery earlier that day. There, in the banana display, was her ring.
Tom lived with his wife. She needed to leave for work. Tom never watered the plants. His wife usually did it. When she got back several of them were dead.
Tom suffered from night terrors. It made it hard to have women spend the night. He told his current girlfriend about it. She was very understanding and knew a lot about it. Tom felt more relaxed about her spending the night.
Sam went shopping in the department store. She walked past a coat rack and brushed against a coat. She loved the feel of the fabric. She went back to try the coat on. She loved the coat so much she bought it.
Kate was on a deserted desert highway with friends. Their gas was almost gone and they had miles till the gas station. She took out her AAA card. She was hoping she didn't need to use the card. She had her card in one hand and her fingers crossed on the other.
Jill couldn't find her homework anywhere. She asked her sister about it. Her sister asked if she had looked in the stack of library books. The homework was there. Jill declared her sister was psychic.
Alana was from Australia. She had never seen snow first-hand. When she visited her friends in Oregon, she asked them to see the snow Her friends drove her to the mountain so she could see the snow. Alana thought the snow was fun!
Kelly was using her new phone to play a game. She was not aware of her surroundings and walked into a poll. The sudden impact forced her to drop her phone. When she picked it back up, the screen was shattered. Luckily, the phone was still covered under warranty.
John's mom always warned him not to discuss private things in public. But New York was such a big town. Who would hear him? He discussed trade secrets with friends in Bryant Park. Turns out, his competitor was sitting at the next table!
Fred was learning how to bake bread. But at first, he struggled. So he bought a book on bread baking. The book helped him a lot. And after a month, he was selling bread to a grocery store.
Randy liked to eat dairy. He bought some yogurt. He ate all five containers in one day. Randy decided to buy more the next day. He wanted his bones to be strong.
Donna was walking through the park when something caught her eye. A crisp one-dollar bill was lying in the grass. She smiled and put it in her pocket. Later, she went to the candy store. She bought herself a tasty lollipop.
Charles was fourteen years old and ready to see Las Vegas. He and his mother drove to Las Vegas and checked into a hotel. He ate at a buffet. Next he saw a Rap concert but he couldn't gamble. A day after his twenty-first birthday he went back to Las Vegas.
I wanted some Jello. Alas, I did not have any Jello in my kitchen. I decided to buy some at the supermarket. I bought lemon-flavored jello. It was delicious!
Jordan was about to go home from Summer camp. She had made a close friend and they exchanged addresses. They promised that they would remain in touch. Jordan wrote her a letter as soon as she got home. They remained pen pals for years after.
I missed the afternoon school bus to stay after school. I walked to the front of the cafeteria for a club meeting. The notice on the front door said that the meeting is cancelled. I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents. My teacher saw me and offered a ride home.
Ted was an art student at college. He was tasked with creating a project for his class. He went to the store to buy paint supplies. He returned home with the supplies. He painted a great work of art.
Joe listened to music well he cleaned. Joe had the music loud. He heard a knocking on his door. His neighbor told him to lower the music. So Joe lowered his music.
Mary tried to make the perfect batch of peanut butter cookies. She tried every combination she could think of. The cookies just never turned out like she wanted. Glenda told her to adjust the oven temperature. That did the trick!
Our dog ran away. We looked everywhere for him. When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch. Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog. He brought our dog back home!
Drake never thought he would be alone and happy. He never had some special until he met her. It was at the grocery store and they both just stared at each other. He told her he thought he was happy but never really was. She felt in love with Drake immediately.
Marie really hated washing dishes. She hid the dirty dishes in the oven. Marie's mother turned on the oven to preheat it. The oven started to smoke and smell. Marie's mother grounded Marie for a week.
Carmen hated taking pictures. The truth is, Carmen is camera shy. Carmen feels that she does not have a great smile. Therefore, Carmen does not like taking pictures. Carmen hopes to one day get over her camera shyness.
One Christmas day all of my family were at my grandparents' house. We were enjoying food and company. I decided to eat some nuts. I cracked a huge walnut and inside there was a tiny white worm. I threw the nut disgustedly and stayed away from nuts from then on.
I was going outside to smoke. I noticed I had no more lighter fluid. I looked for a lighter but didn't find one. I went to my car and drove to the store. I went back to home and smoked a cigarette.
Tim was riding his motorcycle to school. The tire of the bike landed on a crack in the road. The entire tire fell out of position. Tim tried to break the fall by putting his legs on the floor. He fell on the ground gently.
Lia went to Las vegas with her friends. She played at slots for a while. She did not win so she decided to leave. On her way out she played one last slot. And she won the grand jackpot!
Tim was frustrated because he had to still do his calculus homework. He looked at it for hours confused as to where to even start. He asked his father for advice. His father instructed him to go to a website with various tutorials. Tim was able to grasp the concepts and receive a passing grade.
A woman read an article. It talked about maltreatment of animals. It talked about chickens. She decided she wanted to stop eating it. She quit last week.
The mother took out the baby food from the pantry. She took a small spoon and placed it in the baby's mouth. A few seconds later, the baby looked disgusted. He began to walk away. She mother decided to throw the food away.
Ben was taking pictures in school. He wanted to take a photo in front of the library. He took a picture although some people were in the way. They learned a clicking noise from the camera. Since they knew that they were in the photo, they were mad.
Tina was a vegan. But she still wanted to celebrate Thanksgiving. So she decided she was going to still show up. She simply bought a tofu turkey. It was not like the real thing but it was good enough.
Grace enjoyed spending long leisurely days at the library. She looked through magazines and selected books of interest to her. Sometimes she chatted with the librarians or other patrons. Although she wasn't supposed to, sometimes she quietly ate lunch. She knew people thought she was boring, but Grace didn't care.
Joe felt incredibly hungry. He went to the fridge. There was only a pie and a sandwich. Joe decided to eat the sandwich. His hunger was gone.
Ian felt hyper. So he engaged in several different actives. He baked cookies, washed dishes, did laundry, and cleaned his house. But afterwards, he felt depressed and tired. The next week, he did the same thing.
It was college exam week. Ed was very tired. He had exams every morning! But he made it to every test on time. Then he slept for twelve straight hours!
John was retired. He was bored. He decided to work in order to not be bored. He took a low paying, but fun job. John loved his new work situation and life.
Matthew lived in Canada. His house was in a very rural part of the country. Every day, he had to be careful when he drove to work. One day, he didn't look carefully and he nearly hit a moose. Luckily, he managed to avoid it.
Sally and I were driving to the local fair. On our way we saw a sign inviting the public to pick apples. I discussed with Sally how fun it could be to pick our own apples. Sally and I decided to pick apples. We had fun picking apples and it broke up our drive to the fair.
Jen loved petting her dog. When she stopped, she saw her clothes were covered in fur! She tried to brush it off. The fur wouldn't budge. Jen changed her shirt before she left.
John had lots of homework. He made a list of his assignments. John made a plan. He did each assignment on schedule. John finished his homework.
I went into the store, looking for something to drink. I wanted something bubbly and refreshing. I was on a diet, so I started looking for something low calorie. I found Tab, something I hadn't had since childhood. I bought a twelve pack, reminiscing and feeling happy.
Calebs favorite tv show is Shadow of Doubt. It is a show on the ID channel. One day he wants to be an investigator. His knowledge of the subject is pretty extensive. If he makes the cut he will be an awesome investigator!
Ed got a new truck. It was black with big wheels. He was riding it rough near a cliff. Ed lost control at the peak of the cliff. He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine.
Eve had only won one medal in her life. It was in a glass case on the mantelpiece. She looked at it every day remembering her achievement. So when her house burned down, she was devastated. She could have lost anything, but not her medal.
Leo was a lion trainer for a traveling circus. Many people thought his job was cool, but some people did not. Some people even decided what he did for a living was wrong to lions. A group of people petitioned for Leo's job to be erased. However, the owner of the circus refused to fire Leo.
Anne and her class were visiting an olden-days village. There, they showed the class how to churn butter from cream. Anne was skeptical. At home, she began churning her own heavy cream. She was sad when it didn't turn to butter!
It was fourth down. They needed a touchdown to win the game. The quarterback dropped back. He threw the football as hard as he could. The receiver lept in the air and made a spectacular catch to score.
Eva wanted to let her parrot Kiko fly outside freely. She bought Kiko a harness that was attached to a long leash. Eva put the harness on Kiko with a little difficulty. With his harness finally on, Kiko flew out the window. Kiko saw a crow outside and promptly flew back into his cage.
Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk. Jacob tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete. He fell and lost control of the phone in his hand. His phone flew up into the air. Jacob's phone landed on the ground and broke.
Ronald's daily routine was to read the newspaper. He honestly looked forward to sitting in his chair with his coffee. One day, the paper wasn't delivered and Ronald was very upset. Then, Ronald realized he could just read the news online on his phone. Ronald decided to cancel his newspaper subscription.
Julia was hungry one night. She put some chicken nuggets in the oven. Then, she went back to her couch to wait. Somehow, she fell asleep. She woke up to the smell of burnt nuggets.
Some years ago, there was a shoe factory. When the building was demolished, the basement was only bricked over. A new building was constructed, and the old basement forgotten. Recently, the new owners found the old basement while running cable. They made a fortune selling off the unworn, vintage shoes.
Amy had been moved 2 times when she was promoted to a new department. Her desk in the new department was near a window. In the winter Amy froze due to poor insulation. She was determined not to move again. Amy brought a new sweater and a small blanket to leave at work.
Bill had a girlfriend named Mary. Bill wasn't sure what to get Mary for her birthday. Bill asked all her friends what he should get Mary. Bill finally decided to write Mary a song and sing it to her. Mary cried when she heard the song and said she loved it!
Helen wanted to be a dancer. She took ballet classes ever since she was little. Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina! She was crushed, but then had a good idea. She began to teach ballet to kids, dancing every day!
Cara hasn't been feeling well. She notices that she is short of breath a lot of the time. She also notices that she's nauseated for no reason. So she goes to the Doctor who orders numerous tests. Test reveals that Cara has an abnormal heart rhythm.
Nelson can't eat plums. He makes a horrible mess with the juice. It gets all over his face, clothes, and hands. Then, he's sticky and purple. That's why he took a banana from the fruit bowl.
I heard the loud knocking sound. I went out and looked at the tree. There was a bird in the tree. It appeared to be a woodpecker. I smiled and watched for a while.
Lenny heads to best buy for a computer. The employee figures out his needs. He arrives at a new HP model. It's within his price range. Lenny is ecstatic to be leaving with a new computer.
The skeleton had laid in the tomb for thousands of Year's. It was extremely brittle and must be handled with care. The archaeologist knew this as he skillfully moved the bones. One false move and the find would be destroyed. He loved his job but the pressure was intense sometimes.
Karen liked a diner in her town. She loved their burgers. The diner changed their recipe for the burgers. Karen didn't like the new recipe. She stopped going to the diner.
Leslie was painting her nails purple. All of a sudden her dog came running through the room. He hit the bottle and knocked it over. Leslie tried to clean up the spot on the floor but could not. She now has a purple spot on her wood floor.
Seth is a great drummer. He is looking for a band to join. He meets a guitarist at an open mic night. They team up and become a band. They still need a bass player.
We went to a store to buy Ching Ming supplies. Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead. The store was out of paper money. I went home and printed some paper from the Internet. We burned a lot of that money during Ching Ming.
Suzanne had worked in her workshop for a week. She had built a big, sturdy bench. She put it on the front porch. When guests came over, they always sat on the bench to chat. She was proud of her handiwork.
Tim loved Starbucks coffee. A friend told him to try a local joint instead. Tim went along and tried it out. He wound up hating it and couldn't even finish. Tim decided to just stick to STarbucks.
Tom was out bowling with friends. They were having a close game. Tom was slowly catching up. At the last minute the power went out. It cleared their scores and ruined the game.
Before selecting a movie, Michael decided to make popcorn. He put some oil in a pot. Then added the popcorn kernels. He walked away to browse the movies. Michael burned his popcorn.
The couple had worked for ten years to save the money for a home. The hired a builder and broke ground. They oversaw each decision. The home came together beautifully. They moved in on their anniversary and were very happy.
Lacey had worked three years without a single day off. She asked her boss for some time off of work to travel. Her boss refused. Lacey decided to quit her job. Now Lacey had all the time in the world to go on a vacation!
Henry washed a load of clothes. He had to put clothes on hangers to dry. On the first shirt, the hanger broke and stabbed Henry. Henry had to pull the hanger out of him. He put ice on the wound and rested for the rest of the day.
Sandy was selected to read a poem for the school recital. It was one of Sandy's favorite poems. Unfortunately, Sandy lost her voice on the day of the recital. Sandy would not be able to recite her favorite poem. Sandy was heartbroken that she would not be able to participate.
Heather was pregnant and she recently had a miscarriage. The miscarriage made her very sick where she was in the hospital. Few months after the hospital stay she heard her cousin was pregnant. When she first heard the happy news it made her very sad. As some time passed Heather was able to be happy for her cousin.
Brandon really likes watching YouTube videos. On Monday, he skipped school just to watch more videos. The school called his mother later that day. When Brandon's mother came home, she took away his computer. Instead of watching videos, Brandon started reading books.
Eddie was at a bar with his friends. He had been drinking a lot. Eddie was completely drunk. Eddie was unable to drive home. His friends called a cab for Eddie.
Gina was excited to be leaving Illinois and going back to Minnesota. The visit had been way too long. She hopped in the car and looked back at the house. It struck her they wouldn't be visiting this house anymore. She didn't realize she would never see the house again.
Karen decided to quit drinking soda. She knew it would be tough to battle her cravings. But she switched to water and tried her best. At first she cheated and often and drank soda. But within a few weeks Karen no longer even missed it!
Ryan loved going to London. His favourite place in London was a club called Fabric. Last week, Fabric got shut down indefinitely. Ryan was really sad about this. He had some of the best nights of his life there.
A girl got a pet guinea pig. She spent hours making it a castle out of pÃ¢pier-machÃ©. She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed. In the morning, there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust. Guinea pigs do not appreciate fine architecture.
Tim and Elaine wanted to go see a movie. They looked at a list of all the movies showing. They couldn't decide which movie to see. Finally, they decided to choose randomly. The movie they chose was very entertaining!
Tom was eating soup. He decided to get some bread with it. The bread turned out to be stale. Tom didn't have an alternative. He decided to eat it anyway.
Jessica didn't like to drink. But when a superstar offered to buy her a drink, she accepted. She drank as much as he did. She agreed to go to his hotel because she needed to pass out. When she woke up, she knew she had sex but hadn't agreed to.
It was election year and Kelly just turned 18. She had seen a lot of commercials, but was still unsure of her vote. One day Kelly researched the candidates online. She made sure to read information from different sources. On election day Kelly proudly cast her informed vote.
As of February, I had been single for 9 months. I was not looking for a relationship at the moment. In april, I reconnected with a man from high school. Some time passed and we grew very close. Some more time passed and he became the love of my life.
Tom woke up to go to work. He got ready quickly and walked out the door. He waited for a bus for some time. The bus came and he sat down. Tom rode the bus to work while he wished he was back in bed.
The activists gathered along the sidewalk. They were protesting the pipeline that was being built. They held signs and chanted. The police showed up to arrest them if they didn't leave. The activists refused to go.
Irene loved her sister Cammy. Cammy took ballet and loved it, so Irene asked to sign up too. But Irene did not like the class at all! She decided it was okay to be different that Cammy. Cammy could be the family dancer - not Irene!
Keith wanted to become a professional chef. He watched cooking shows and practiced recipes. Keith enrolled in culinary school. After school Keith worked at a famous restaurant. Keith worked his way up to being head chef.
Amy was not getting along with her dorm mate Sue. She was excited to hear she could move to a new room. After a week of waiting she hadn't heard anything. Amy checked to find out when she could move. Amy was heartbroken to find out she couldn't move after all.
Tim was out flying a kite. A storm started rolling in. The wind gusts got too strong. One in particular snapped Tim's kite string. It stole the kite never to be seen again.
There was a tornado warning in Lisa's town. Lisa freaked out. She hated tornados. They totally freaked her out. Luckily it was not that bad after all however.
John found a one hundred dollar bill on the street outside a store. John took it inside and asked the clerk about the money. The clerk told John she hadn't heard about any lost money. A well-dressed lady then approached John. She said it was her money but that John could keep it!
Jill went to the doctor for a routine check up. What they found was devastating. They told Jill it was Cancer. Jill was in complete shock over the news. Jill vowed to beat this sickness and overcome it all.
I was getting ready for a huge job interview. I tried putting on my tie. I could never get it right. I threw the tie out the window. I wore a clip on tie instead.
Rita started college four years ago. She struggled through the first year, but did better after that. She studied hard, and ended up majoring in Science. She graduated with a high grade point average. Rita worked very hard to get to where she is today.
Jim was worried he was going to fail he stayed up all night studying. He was so tired he didn't hear his alarm go off. The get was at 9am but he woke up at 10am in a panic. He frantically ran to the test and got there in five minutes. On the door was a sign that said the test was cancelled.
Alex was the reigning champion of air hockey at the local mall. He thought that he could beat anyone who challenged him. A boy named Sean told Alex that he was better than him. Alex scheduled a day for them to meet up and play each other. Alex won the game and remained the champion.
I was interacting with Gina on an online game. We were trying to complete a quest together. I had to fight a special boss. When we were attacking it, my internet disconnected. When I logged onto the game again, I ended up dying.
One day I decided I wanted to build a new computer. I researched all the parts that I might want. John asked me if I needed any help buying them but I said no. When the parts arrived I was very excited about it. I started to build the computer and it when it was done I was proud!
Allie went shopping yesterday. Her eyes caught a beautiful dress. She really wanted it. But unfortunately it was not for sale. Allie was crushed.
Rory is very scared of heights. To pass her test to make the team, she must climb up 50 feet. She practices climbing higher everyday. At her test, she concentrates very hard. She climbs up with no problem and makes the team.
Jon was good at chess. He challenged his friend to a game. Alas, he did not know his friend was better at chess. Jon and his friend fought hard. Eventually, Jon lost the game.
John had a really bad headache that wouldn't go away! He took Advil daily with no change. Finally, me and all his friends, told me to go to a doctor. When he went to the doctor he was told he had a sinus infection! He took antibiotics and his headache went away soon after.
Tom's father recently died. Tom planned the funeral. Tom invited everyone he knew. Everyone attended the funeral. The funeral was a success.
We go to the fair every summer. We mostly go for the food and not the rides. We find something new to eat every year. Although we try something new, we always go back to our favorites. The Aussie Potatoes with ranch and cheese are a tasty indulgence.
The boy didn't like crust. He complained to his mom. His mom cut off the crust. The boy appreciated that. The boy made his mom a wonderful picture.
Sean's apartment was being cleaned for bugs. He was asked to leave for the day. He didn't know where to go so he just sat in the parking lot. It took four long hours. Finally, he was able to go back inside.
Penny got a new puppy yesterday. She forgot to put the puppy in its kennel before she left for work. The puppy ate a bunch of shoes and tore the garbage apart. Penny saw the mess when she got home and was furious. She did not leave the puppy out of the kennel again!
I boarded an Amtrak train today. The conductor announced passengers had to have a ticket and a photo id. A young woman had a ticket but no id. The conductor said he had to call the office. I think they threw her off the train.
Timothy had too many girlfriends. He decided to break up with all but one of them. They all cried when he told them. Then, the girlfriend he stayed with broke up with him. Now Timothy had no girlfriend.
The family liked to go to the apple orchard every fall. They picked their crop and took them home. They made a pie. It was delicious! It was a great tradition to do ever September.
Ryan was a generally rude person. One day he went out to eat at a restaurant. When he arrived he was very unkind to the whole staff. The staff decided to get payback by putting spice in all of his food! Ryan ran out of the restaurant with his mouth burning!
Jack grew tired of waiting for help as he eyed the large box. The sooner that was put away the sooner he could go home. As he lifted it alone, he felt something pull in his back. Jack had to go to massage therapy that afternoon. He arrived home much later than normal.
Tonight is the night that I get my test results. I stay up late and make sure that my computer is charged. I wait until midnight, a long, excruciating wait. At midnight I log on and see that I have passed the test. As the feeling of euphoria comes over me, I know that I will not sleep.
The Williams family were getting a new dog. It was a big day for them and the kids were excited. They all drove out to the shelter to get a dog. They found a lovable little collie and named her Biscuit. Biscuit and the Williams were a match made in heaven.
Their owner brought a box into the house. All the cats crowded around because it smelled like cat nip. The box turned out to be filled with cat toys. The cats had a great time playing with their new toys. Now the box is on the floor and the cats take turns sleeping in it.
Our two year old granddaughter is in day care. Today they celebrated Saint Patrick's Day. They put green hats and green shamrocks on the kids. Her father took a video of her walking, wearing the hat and shamrock. We thought it was cute.
Marlee's mom told her to be home by 7:00 pm. While playing outside Marlee looked at her watch, it was 6:45! She hurried to find her bike but couldn't find it . After 12 minutes of searching she finally found it! She raced home and made it with 10 seconds to spare.
Lily was celebrating her tenth birthday. Her mom gave her a scrapbook. Lily looked inside and saw a list of theme parks. Her mom told her that she could pick two for her birthday. Lily happily picked two and her mom agreed to take her.
Lucy was in college but never exercised. As a result she was out of shape. She was going to have to do something if she wanted to be healthy. Lucy then started exercising every week multiple times. As a result she became in better shape.
Ethan checked the weather. The temperature was really cold. He put on a jacket. He went outside. He walked back in because it was cold.
Andy had always had friends when he lived in his old town. The move had been hard on him though. He just didn't seem to know anyone. His neighbors came to meet him and brought their son Justin. The two quickly became friends and Andy was no longer alone.
Jake was at the beach with friends. They all started playing volleyball. Jake began getting too competitive. His friends asked him to tone it down but he wouldn't. Jake was eventually asked to stop playing with them.
Ray was very hungry and wanted to eat rice. He went to his pantry to get his rice cooker. He filled it to the top with rice. Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed. He had more rice than he could eat.
Charlie loved collecting rare record albums. He found an out-of-the-way store that had tons of oldies. He spent hours looking through the stacks of rare albums. Charlie spent several hundred dollars there on some great finds. At home, he spent the day listening to his collection's new additions.
Melissa was trying to enjoy a day shopping with her friend. They were at an outdoor mall and it was winter. Soon Melissa was so cold that she couldn't focus. She asked her friend if they could stop for cocoa. Luckily the warm drink did the trick and she felt better.
Virginia loved to drink milk a lot. In fact, she would drink it almost every day. One day when she checked the fridge, she noticed there wasn't any milk. Virginia quickly rushed to the store and bought some. Now, Virginia had milk to drink for dinner that night.
Tyrone got a new job at car wash. At first, his coworkers were rude to him. He stayed friendly and kept working hard. Eventually, his coworkers accepted him as part of the team. Now Tyrone is happy with his job and the team he works with.
Sharon saw rainy clouds one day on a walk. She thought she better walk fast to get home before it rained. As she was walking, it started to pour. She heard a kitten meowing and picked it up. She was surprised it was out in the rainy alone, so she took it home.
Marco had always wanted to bake a cake. He decided to bake a chocolate cake. He hoped it would be delicious. The cake turned out to be great. Marco was happy that he had baked a cake.
Cathy loved telling stories about her childhood. Cathy would tell her fondest childhood memories to her kids. Sometimes they would listen intently, and sometimes the would not. There were even times where they would actually laugh at her stories. Cathy was proud to relive her childhood memories with her kids.
Paul was taking a cyber security class. And he was very close to getting an A. He used what he learned in the class to gained access to his grade. And he changed it to an A. But a few days later, his professor found out.
Harold needed to draw a portrait for school. He placed a transparent sheet over a small frame. Crosshairs made with a marker let him center objects on the sheet. He'd look through this with one eye shut to see how to draw subjects. Easily, he transferred his classmate's profile to paper from reality.
Jasmine wanted to try out for the roller hockey team, When she told her brother Sam, he just laughed. Sam thought girls weren't meant to play roller hockey. Jasmine tried out anyway. Later that year, she led her team to the roller hockey championships.
Michelle loved to eat apples. She even liked to pick apples. One day she decided to visit an apple farm. Michelle picked hundreds of apples. Now, Michelle has a lot of apples to eat.
Georgia went to pick up a pizza. The cashier brought her her order. Georgia checked the pizza and saw that something was wrong. She let them know about the issue. They gave her a fixed order and she took it home.
Malcolm had an exceptionally high IQ. He made fun of other students in a display of his intellect. The other students got angry with him and beat him up. Malcolm wished he had been born stupid. The next day he decided to keep his smart mouth shut.
One of my favorite shows just got cancelled. It seems like these days just about every show gets cancelled. I'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series. I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration. Hopefully they read it and it helps.
Alex was walking to work one morning. Then, he noticed a news crew outside of his favorite coffee shop. He stopped to listen in for a moment. Then, they motioned him over to ask him some questions. Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news.
Amy was at the grocery store shopping for the week. She purchased more than she usually did. When done she packed her bag tightly so she didn't' have many to carry Halfway to her car the handle broke on one of her bag. Amy had to chase lemons half way across the parking lot.
Jimmy was practicing with his punching back. After landing a new jabs, the bag moved. However, the chain holding it broke. As a result, it landed on Jimmy. His leg was fractured.
Pisa and John were best friends for ten years. They had always been close. One day, Pisa realized she had feelings for John. When she told John her feelings, John mirrored them back. They started a romantic relationship soon after these affirmations.
Yesterday, I decided that I would take a trip to New Zealand. I wasn't sure how I would pay for it, but I knew I wanted to go. After looking through newspapers, I found a job as a dog walker. The family was rich and greatly overpaid me. My plan to go to New Zealand had become possible.
Gabe wanted to help the woman who had no umbrella. Gabe offered her his umbrella but she declined. He asked her to accompany him at the restaurant to wait out the rain. She accepted his offer to pay for the restaurant. Not only he helped her out, but Gabe got her phone number as well.
Terrance is recently divorced. He heads to the bar to feel better. He tells the bartender to give him some whiskey. He drinks until he can't stand. Terrance drinks his pain away.
Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled. The assistant let him watch TV while it happened. Ethan only felt a poke from the needle. After it was done, Ethan asked to keep the tooth. He and his mother went to Dairy Queen to celebrate.
Molly baked cookies for all of us the other day. She had made several dozen cookies for all of us to eat. Some were chocolate chip and some were sugar. We ate all of the cookies she had made for us. We loved eating her cookies, and can't wait until she makes more.
Meghan was walking in the forest. She came across a rare chestnut tree. It was large in diameter. She called the local conservation service to have the tree cataloged. The conservationist applauded Meghan's discovery.
Emily was asleep in bed. She began tossing and turning. Suddenly, she woke up crying. Her mom came to comfort her. Emily had had a nightmare.
One day Sharon and her friends went ice skating. Sharon got asked to skate by a boy. She said yes. They had a lot of fun. The boy got Sharon's number!
I always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball. I decided to try one summer afternoon. I kept missing and I was beginning to lose faith in myself. Finally, on one attempt, I jumped high enough to throw the ball in. I was so happy, I ran in to tell my parents.
Kate was working on chats hits on Mturk. The other workers kept guessing the wrong items. After 4 mistakes the system wouldn't let Kate complete the hit. Kate was forced to return the hit. She decided to quit working on chat hits.
Rose wanted to start a strawberry garden. She got all the supplies the weekend before. The work to start the garden was a lot harder than she expected. Eventually, her garden bore tons of fruit. Rose thought that all the hard work was worth it.
The pitcher threw a high lob towards the batter. The batter swung and the ball went sailing upward. The second base player ran infield and took off his cap. He raised his glove and waited for the ball to land in it. He caught the ball and the batter was out.
I went home, elated by being called mom for the first time. I was trying not to cry when I called my husband and told him. He was very excited, and couldn't wait to hear it for himself. I asked my son to say it again as soon as we got home. We all hugged, feeling triumphant.
Marion made a budget every month. In March she forgot to include the gas bill in her budget. When the bill came, she did not have enough money to pay it. Marion got a quick payday loan to pay the gas bill. Marion was more careful with her budgeting after this.
Marcus notices that he has trouble studying in his room. He tries turning off the TV and putting his phone away. Still he cannot concentrate on his studies. Finally he decides to study in the library. Marcus is able to study effectively at long last.
I put a bowl of sugary sweets out on my kitchen table. The weather was very hot that day. All the candy melted together and got sticky. When I tried to take one, all the candy came with it. I threw out all of the candy because it was gross.
I was taking an exam. I felt confident since I had been studying for it for a week. When I got my exam back, I found I had scored 80%. My friend, who only studied for one day, scored 90%. I was mad since she did better than I did even though I studied more.
Shannon took her daughter to baby time at the library. The teacher asked  everyone to introduce themselves. The teacher put on music and the moms and dads sang songs. Shannon's daughter giggled at the silly songs. The teacher and parents sang the goodbye song when baby time ended.
Morgan loved her new present. It was a doll. Morgan named her and brushed her hair. She carried her around with her all day. The doll was very special to Morgan.
William is driving down the road. He feels his car start to get loud. He gets out and pops the hood. He is shocked by what he sees. His engine is smoking so badly it's blown!
Chris was hungry Chris decided to go to the store. Chris drove to the store. Chris browsed every aisle. Chris bought many delicious foods at the grocery store.
Donna is awoken by a phone call. Her sister has been hospitalized. She rushes to the hospital. The doctors inform Donna her sister passed away. Donna is very sad and begins planning a funeral.
Jane was married. Her husband had a vasectomy. She missed her period a couple of times. Jane became scared she was pregnant. Luckily that wasn't the case.
My friends and I played an airsoft war in a park. We had to take the other team's base. We found their base, and left our friend, Ted, scouting it. When we came back, Ted had taken over their base by himself. Now, we are all afraid of what Ted is capable of.
It had recently rained a lot in Tony's area. A lot of water had built up in his yard. Some of the water drained slowly. Tony later bought a load of dirt. He filled the low areas with the dirt.
Abby loved watching reality shows. Abby's favorite reality show was The Bachelor. Abby was amazed that 15 women would want to vie for a man's love. However, what entertained Abby the most was the drama among the women. Abby loved the excitement that her favorite television show offered.
Ren left her book at the printing shop. She thought that she left it at the library. She spent a couple of hours going around the school. At at the end of the day, she couldn't find anything. Tears started to run down her face.
When I was little I cried all the time. I am ashamed to admit it. I cried over being teased to not doing my homework. I was very hard on myself when I was little. As time went by I stopped being hard on myself.
Nancy came to class late. Therefore, her teacher told her to stay out of the class. Since Nancy was bad, she yelled at her mom for not waking her up. However, her mom reminded her that she has an alarm clock. She didn't say anything and hung up the phone.
Steve was only 5 when he met the Candy Maker. Steve watched in awe as the Candy Maker worked his magic. Steve grew up and decided to train under the Candy Maker. The two worked together for decades. The Candy Maker retired and made Steve the new Candy Maker.
Chris was driving down the road. He began to hear a clicking noise. He pulled over to see what was wrong. He saw smoke flying everywhere. Chris called Triple A to fix his car.
Myka had a big swim meet coming up. She practiced the butterfly stroke everyday at swim practice. On the day of the meet she was nervous. When her event was announced she walked up to the block. She swam hard and won the race.
Jane was an impulsive shopper. She was in the store, eyeing the latest mobile phone. She compared the new mobile to her own. Without much hesitation, she pulled out her credit card. Jane left the store with the new mobile phone.
Billy's parents didn't give him an allowance. Billy wished he had spending money like his friends. One day, Billy found a dollar on the sidewalk. He was surprised that his parents let him spend it. After that, Billy looked for money on the sidewalk every day.
Tim was listening to music. The neighbors complained. Tim turned the music up louder. The cops came by to give Tim a ticket. Tim never played his music loud again.
Eli was lost in the parking lot. He knew he'd laugh about it later but right now it wasn't funny. The lot was huge and the warehouse seemed like a mile away. Eli finally saw a car that looked like his. The doors chirped when he pressed his FOB and he was relieved.
The man went to therapy. He actually felt worse. He told the therapist. The therapist said that was normal. Eventually the therapy helped.
I woke from my sleep at around three in the morning. I heard a scratching sound coming from inside my closet. I turned the light on beside my bed to investigate. I crept slowly toward the closet. My little brother jumped out of the closet, scaring me to death.
I was playing baseball in the park with friends. Too many people kept cutting through the field. We were so annoyed that we stopped playing. I randomly started walking through the trees at the edge of the park. I stumbled upon a huge secret field where we could play in peace.
An illness made Jill deaf when she was two. By the time she was ten, she'd forgotten what sound was like. Then she had surgery that corrected her deafness. For a while she couldn't understand the sounds she heard. Over time she adjusted and could hear well again.
Dwight fed his goat from his hand. He turned his back to the goat to tie his shoe. The goat took some papers out of Dwight's pocket. Dwight turned around and saw the papers. He chased after the goat to get his papers back.
Dan's father walked with him and his friends across the neighborhood. It was Halloween and they were looking for candy. A man in a Scream costume suddenly ran towards them. They chased everyone across another street. Once Dan dropped his candy, the man took it and ran away.
The man looked at jewelry. It was too expensive. He complained out loud. The owner heard him. The owner agreed to work within the man's price range.
When my babysitters graduated we took a big trip. We all went to Mexico for a whole week. Unfortunately I still had homework to do for my online school. I didn't get to enjoy the trip as much as I wanted to. Now that I have graduated I plan to take another trip soon.
I read Henderson the Rain King this week. The book was in new condition. I put it up on Amazon for sale as used. It sold in a day, at half price. I was glad to partly recoup some of my book expenses.
Ursula always slept on her belly. But when she got a new boyfriend he realized she was snoring. He tried to rock her back and forth. And when she settled on her back she kept silent. He told her so the next day and since then Ursula sleeps on her back.
Christina was twenty-one and didn't have a driver's license. She made an appointment to take her driving test. Then she practiced driving for a week. In the car, at the start of her test, she had confidence she'd pass. But when she turned left onto the street she faced oncoming traffic.
Edwin was rude to the waiter. The waiter refused to serve Edwin. The waiter's boss fired him. The waiter followed Edwin home. The waiter confronted Edwin on Edwin's lawn.
Sally made her list last summer. A list of all the things she wanted. But she was not a good girl this year. And she knew this deep down. Sally is getting coal this year.
Miley was trying to charge her cell phone. The connector was getting sort of loose and it didn't charge well. Finally she decided to order a new charger online. It arrived within a couple of days. She loved it, it charged her phone much better.
Jimmy was sitting on his homemade porch. The porch was high up over his backyard. Jimmy heard a groaning noise and decided to investigate. Just as he walked off of the porch, the entire thing crumbled. If he hadn't moved, he would have fallen and been hurt.
Craig bought a new pair of pants. He wore them out one night. While walking to the bar he slipped and fell. The new pants got a bit hole in them. He had to go home and change.
My family and I were playing Monopoly. Harry was about to run out of money. He asked his mother to borrow a thousand dollars. She told him she would charge him interest. Harry didn't want to play anymore.
Jerry was bored in class. He decided to play games on his laptop. His professor saw his laptop screen. Jerry was assigned extra homework due to not paying attention. Jerry started paying more attention in class afterwards.
One day Eric, a writer, experienced writer's block. He sat down to brainstorm ideas. However none came. He decided to take a break until he had an idea. It worked and he got an idea!
John wanted to impress a girl at school. John began working out at the gym. John also watched videos of inspirational speakers. After a few months, John felt more confident than ever. When John asked the girl out she said yes!
Chris sold his car and began running everywhere in town. He started learning about running technique and theory. He was inspired by wisdom imparted by Olympic runners. He would run as fast as possible everywhere he went. He became very fit and able bodied.
Simon felt very nervous around other people. His condition caused him to feel lonely and isolated. He forced himself to join a counseling group for his problem. Slowly, being with similar people made Simon feel more comfortable. Eventually, he was able to go to parties with no problem.
My roomate wanted me to drive him to the student center. It was half a mile away. He did not want to get his new shoes dirty. He walked to the party. He still had a good time.
Andy loved to play pool. He needed one hundred dollars to enter the big tournament. He set up a car wash. All his friends came out to help him. He placed second in the pool tournament.
Scott loved his trumpet. He played it for hours every day. One day, he dropped it down the stairs. It was badly damaged. Scott's dad bought him a new one for his birthday.
Nadi went to the zoo with some friends. He walked with his friends for hours looking at animals. One of his favorites were the red pandas. Nadi decided to get a souvenir after their trip. He bought a stuffed red panda toy.
Ed and his friends were going camping for the weekend. They drove into the mountains then hiked for an hour to the campsite. They got everything set up then sat down to eat. It was them they realized they had everything except food! They drew straws to decide who had to trek back to the car.
Kevin was a freshman at college. He lived off-campus and drove his car to school. He often had difficulty finding a parking spot for his car. Because of the parking situation, Kevin was often late to class. Kevin decided to move into a dorm on campus to avoid being late.
Jack joined the army just out of high school. He went all over the world, seeing new places. When at last he retired, he had an officer's pension. He'd sit and tell his grandson stories of his army days. His grandson also joined the army right after high school.
Billy wanted to throw a big party at his house. Buying beer in single bottles, would cost a lot of money. Billy didn't have a lot of money. He decided to buy a keg, instead. He had enough beer and money left over.
One day two girls were walking home. Karen the first girl said did you hear that noise? It was something coming from the bushes. It was a poor orange kitty that nobody wanted. She meowed her way into the girl's heart and she took her home.
Elisabeth came home from school. She was tired and very hungry. Elisabeth's mom asked her what she would like to eat. Elisabeth knew right away what she wanted to eat! Elisabeth and her mom had breakfast for dinner.
Every time I see fruit salad, it reminds me of camping. My cousin Louise always made fruit salad and pimento cheese. Everyone ate sandwiches and salad for lunch while we camped. We all loved her fruit salad and cheese. I later got the recipe from her.
Jim gained weight after eating poorly. He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit. He took out a hole punch and punched new holes in his belt. Jim put on the new belt for a test fit. He was pleased with how the bigger belt fit.
David and his wife were on a vacation in Jamaica. They were lounging on the beach drinking rum when a man approached. He offered to take a picture of them using David's phone. David agreed and when he handed the man his phone he ran off. David learned to never be too trusting with strangers that day.
Alan went to the barber for a new haircut. The barber cut his hair too short. Alan hated his new haircut. At school the next day, Alan felt self-conscious. However, a cute girl saw Alan and said she loved his new hair.
Reba didn't feel like cooking. She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza. Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone. They waited for what seemed like forever. When they finally heard the knock on the door, they ran in excitement.
My friend, Richard, has an old Mercedes car with a diesel engine. He has to spray starter fluid under the hood in order to start it. One day he forgot to fasten the hood latch after starting the car. The hood flew open and hit the windshield while he was driving. He was okay, but the windshield was smashed to pieces.
I decided to get a video game console. I need to make the money myself because my parents won't pay. I decided to apply for many jobs. I am also working online to make some extra money. I hope I make the money soon.
Jane bought a new candle. She thought it was a particular scent. When she lit it the aroma was different. She checked the label. Jane had accidentally bought the wrong one.
Jll's mom is coming to visit. She doesn't know that Jill lives with her boyfriend. She doesn't approve of unmarried couples living together So Jill's boyfriend has to stay elsewhere for the night. His best friend lets him stay at his place.
Stephanie was blind but didn't mind. Despite her infirmity she loved helping other people. She was most of all good at telling stories and imagining new worlds. One of her charge, one day, recorded her stories and wrote them down. She became very famous and helped even more people that way.
Gary loved his hometown. He knew all the sights and activities, and he adored them all. After high school he decided on his perfect job. Gary wasn't leaving home for college like most of his friends. He stated put - abs became a successful tour guide in his hometown!
Yesterday I plugged in my hair straightener into the outlet. I proceeded to straighten my hair when something bad happened. To my dismay, the iron popped. A large noise happened and the iron was in smoke. I was terrified and immediately unplugged it.
A group of my friends and I wanted to get really scared on Halloween We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard. The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted. We got so scared that we ran out of there as fast as we could. Needless to say, none of us slept well that night.
Jim loved to go shopping. However, he used to many plastic bags. It was bad for the environment. Jim had a plan. He would now bring reusable bags whenever he shopped.
Barb was worried that her son was being mistreated at school. His mood was becoming increasingly sullen and withdrawn. Barb had a long talk with her boy and he opened up to her. Barb learned a mean teacher was making life miserable for her son. She had him transferred to another class and his outlook brightened.
Amy had been avoiding her friends all day. Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun. She decided she would call her friend Kim. Just then she saw Kim walking up the block. Kim was shocked to see Amy run to greet her smiling.
I was trying to leave my house in a rush but I couldn't find my keys. I looked all over the house and in all my pockets. All the while my cat sat and looked at my like I was crazy. After 10 minutes of this my cat got up and walked off. My keys were under my cat the whole time.
Jack went to Starbucks on his campus to purchase a coffee. When he placed his items at the check-out, the cashier took it. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to process the payment. Afterwards, Jack checked out his credit card balance online. His card had no balance in it.
Feeling a tad bit under the weather, I decided to make soup. Groggily, I made my way to the kitchen. I pan grilled and blended some fresh broccoli, spinach, and onions. I blended all the vegetables together with some veggie stock. This soup was definitely going to make me feel better.
Cruz was a good kid. He was excited for his first day at his new school. He was surprised when he was being bullied by a classmate. Cruz told his teacher about the bully. The next day Cruz learned that they boy was moved to a new class.
Jen was running late for work. She got a flat tire at the corner of her street. She realized she had no spare. She ran the rest of the way to work. She was embarrassed when she got there and realized it was her day off.
George saw a huge spider crawling on his ceiling. Not wanting to kill it he tried to capture it in a wide mouth jar. Every time he would get close to spider it hopped away. George grabbed a ladder and got right up on the spider. The spider leapt onto his hand causing him to fall off the ladder.
When I was bad my mother refused to feed me. My brother and his friends noticed when it had been a long time. They sneaked candy from the junk drawer into my room at night. I started seeing candy as happiness and love. I began eating candy all the time.
Dean was estranged from his family. One day his brother showed up. They went on a trip together. They were looking for their dad. After a long time they finally found him.
My nails were always short and very brittle. They were covered in tiny lines. Because of this, polish wouldn't stay put. I bought a small fine sanding paper. After sanding down my nails, they were shiny and pretty.
John loved caffeine. He read about how coffee is unhealthy. John stopped drinking coffee. John wanted to consume caffeine. John switched to tea and felt healthier and happier.
Debbie went to a concert of experimental music with her boyfriend. She was not very familiar with the genre. She listened intently, but really did not find much to enjoy. Her boyfriend asked afterwards whether she liked it or not. Debbie hid the fact that she was thinking about aliens the whole time!
The couple decided their bed was too small. They bought a new king size bed. The first night, they spread out and felt great. It was the most comfortable bed they'd ever owned! They regretted waiting so long.
Jan woke up early on Christmas morning to open presents. Jan ran down the stairs of her home to get to the Christmas tree. Jan began frantically looking for Christmas presents for herself. Finally Jan found a box wrapped in paper with her name on it. Jan opened the Christmas present and had a great Christmas day.
Angela loves her cats. She treats them like family. Angela makes sure they live a happy life. Her cats show her plenty of affection. They love her too.
Steve dared his friend Dave to jump into a very dirty river. Dave didn't want Steve to think he was a wimp. Right away he jumped right in. Later he found he'd contracted a bad illness from the dirty water. Dave regretted caring so much about what people thought of him.
Tim's rock band was headed to a gig at a school. Their truck broke down in the middle of the highway. Fortunately, an elderly man stopped behind them and gave them a lift. Once they arrived at the school, the man stayed to listen to the show. The band then brought the man on stage to thank him for his help.
Tom was doing a group project. At the end of it he grabbed his glasses and left. Tom noticed everything was blurry. Eventually he realized he got his friend's glasses by mistake. Tom called him up to do an exchange.
My landlord is so lazy. I asked to get my carpets cleaned 3 yrs ago and it's still dirty. I asked to get a ceiling fan put in and never got a response. I recently called about my kitchen light bulbs going out. I washed dishes in the dark for three weeks before I got a response.
Tate enjoyed playing backgammon. When Tate moved to a small town, he started a backgammon club. No one else in Tate's small town played backgammon. Tate's backgammon club was a failure. Tate was pleased when he found a backgammon club on the internet.
Joseph communicated with the other boat using sonar. In the tiny submarine, he sent out a single ping from the ship. The ping bounced back after a moment. Joseph told the captain that the ship was only 20 feet ahead of them. The captain gasped and they hit the underside of the boat.
Jane spent a while mopping her floors. She finally got them just right. Shortly after her kids got home from school. They dragged dirt and mud all over the place. Jane reprimanded them firmly.
Sam was desperate for money. His rent was due and his children were hungry. He decided to break into a store and steal money He tripped the alarm and trapped himself inside. He was arrested and jailed and his kids were given to the state.
Eric stepped up to the plate. He bent his body to prepare. He swung the bat. The bat hit the ball. It went over the fence.
The two teams were ready to compete. They had to run through the forest and end up at the finish line. One group got lost immediately. The other group ran straight to the finish line. It was a hard race and they were happy when it was over.
The man sold used phones online. Someone wanted to return a phone. He did not accept returns. The man offered him a partial refund. The customer agreed.
Tina went to a bar with her friends. After a few drinks, they decided to try karaoke. Tina was nervous that they'd mock her singing. But she decided to try it anyways. To her surprise, she had fun and everybody complimented her!
Ed came home one day to ride his horse. But he saw that his horse was not in the stable. She had unlatched the door somehow! Ed started to look for her. He was happy to find her in the field, playing!
Vera was taking a walk at night. She noticed that in the sky, bats were flying. While she was looking up, she ran into a street pole. She had a huge bump on her forehead. Vera decided to not get distracted while walking again.
Mary takes her sons to buy a game at GameStop. Mary is shocked when she see's the $60 price tag. The game is much cheaper on Amazon. The store manager informs her that GameStop does not pricematch. Mary orders the game from Amazon.
I noticed we were out of milk. I went to the store to buy some. When I got home, everyone started drinking it. I didn't have enough left for cereal. I had to go back to buy more.
Jonah wanted to hire the best employee for his firm. He looked at resumes and called in the best. As interviews went by he was getting desperate. He couldn't find anyone good enough. Until at the end, the perfect candidate shown up and he hired her.
Sullivan was invited to a friend's party. He did not know what to give as a present. After a lot of thinking, he bought a gift card. His friend liked the gift a lot. Afterwards, they ate some cake together.
Tom had to explain to me why swimmers have to shave their bodies. I caught Tom shaven this legs and thought it was very weird. He told me he made the swim team and they all shave. He said that having no had on your body makes you swim faster. Although I think it's weird I respect Tom's commitment to the team.
Mary was going to play on her new toy. It was a swing bought by her dad. She was so excited to play with it. Dad calls mary and tells her it's finished. Mary goes on her swing and goes round and round.
Bonnie needed to buy some new hairspray. She drove to the store and looked at her options. For once, Bonnie decided to go with a different brand. The new brand ended up stinging her scalp. Bonnie decided to never try a new hairspray brand again.
Chris went to the beach one weekend morning. He walked close to the shore and began to work on a sand structure. After spending a long time working, people began to gather around. The sand statue began to look really good when a large wave came in. The wave destroyed the statue and Chris went back home.
Cole was in a trivia contest. He was pretty smart and he was doing well. Then the leader asked him a tough question. Cole was stumped, but he made his best guess. The answer was correct, and Cole won!
Harry's golf swing is terrible. One day, Harry decided to seek out help to improve his swing. He hired a private trainer. The private trainer was able to improve Harry's swing. Eventually, Harry had the best golf swing in the club.
Peter took his dog Rex to the lake one summer afternoon. He planned to play Frisbee with Rex on the sand. But Rex had other plans! He headed right for the water and paddled in to cool off. Peter laughed as he watched his dog splash and play in the lake.
Jordan was playing with her friends. They were running around in some high grass. Suddenly she felt a pain in her foot. She realized that a snake had bitten her. Someone called her mom and they took her to the hospital to be safe.
Wendy owned a little kitten. She only had her for a few months. One day, she forgot to close a window. Her kitten squeezed through the window and escaped. Wendy looked and looked but never found her lost kitten.
Lydia was a new mom. She was exclusively breastfeeding her baby. Lydia wanted to be able to breastfeed anywhere while doing anything. Lydia learned to babywear and breastfeed at the same time. She was then able to feed her baby hands free in any location.
Susie had been with Fred for three years. The two planned on getting married originally. But Fred broke off the engagement. Susie was then left all alone. She had no idea what to do about her single life now.
Chris went to the library to study. He pulled out some snacks to eat. The librarian saw him eating in the library. She explained to Chris he couldn't eat in the area. Chris apologized and put the food away.
Jack went to the pet store after school. He fell in love with a white Labrador retriever in the window. Jack ran home and told his dad all about the puppy. His dad told him that he couldn't get the puppy. Jack was so sad he cried himself to sleep.
Dan's friends have been giving him a hard time about his clothes. Dan decided he would go to a local store and get some new clothes. At the store, Dan tried on some jeans and some shirts. After trying on the clothes, Dan decided to purchase them. Dan could not wait to show his friends his new wardrobe.
Tina had turned 18. She was now a legal adult. She decided she was going to get out there and vote. She registered as a republican. Now she was able to get her opinions acknowledged.
Bob got a new baseball bat for Christmas. He decided to test it out. He started hitting baseballs in his backyard. One ball hit and broke his neighbor's window! Bob told his neighbor and payed for the damages.
Marcus hated his neighbors. They were always so loud and disruptive. He and his wife decided to move to a different neighborhood. After a week, Marcus realized his new neighbors were even louder! He regretted his decision to move.
Jenny noticed a cat hanging out in her yard. She started feeding it. One day the cat came in the house. She hadn't planned on having a cat. But it seemed like it had adopted her!
Last year Jane went to the beach with friends. One wasn't a particularly good swimmer. Before Jane knew it the friend had been swept away. Everyone tried to find him but couldn't. Jane was traumatized of the water.
Bo thought Anne was beautiful and he liked her alot. Anne was sensitive that boys only liked her because of her beauty. She saw them staring at her in the halls, in class, everywhere. Bo knew Anne was also smart so he gave her his favorite book. Anne, always fending off suitors, was so thrilled she fell for Bo.
Kim wanted to surprise her boyfriend. She knew he never got a real birthday party. She called all his friends and planned one out. Kim's boyfriend had no clue. He was extremely happy and surprised.
Samantha was new on the team. She had never cheered before. She was eager to learn the choreography. They only had a few weeks before their first competition. They agreed to practice every day until then.
Ada has been seeing Jose for two years. Recently, Ada has been having second thoughts about their future. One day, Jose picked Ada up for a date to the beach. On the way, Ada decided to break up with Jose at the beach. Once there, Jose proposed marriage to Ada and she said no.
Tom had a headache. He wanted to relax. Tom decided to go for a drive. He cruised around for a while. It helped him relax.
Lucy really needs a vacation. She works two jobs and has two kids. She asked her mom if she would watch the kids for a weekend. Her mom agreed and Lucy took a Friday off of work. Lucy spent a nice three day weekend at a hotel by herself.
Tom decided to start dieting. Although he loved eating fatty foods, he knew he shouldn't. Tom began eating only vegetables. Soon he lost weight. Tom was happy that he was dieting.
Ana's mom insisted cooking was easier than Ana thought. She talked Ana through making a stew in her Crock Pot. Ana was doubtful, but she followed the instructions. When the stew was done, she warily sampled it. Then she grinned - it was delicious!
There was a movie coming out that my friends wanted to see. I suggested that we should all go! They loved the idea and we planned a day to go. On the day of the plan a lot of us forgot. We ended up reminding each other and going together!
Kevin was always interested in how cartoons were made. He signed up for animation classes at his local college. He learned how to program and animate cartoons. Kevin eventually hired several people to work on a cartoon with him. They made a fantastic cartoon that was put on TV.
Larry had felt jealous of people who looked great in sunglasses. He decided that he wanted to try a pair on. Larry tried on many pairs of sunglasses until he found a good pair. He loved how he looked in the sunglasses. Now Larry felt great that he looked great in sunglasses too.
I was out walking by the river one night. It was dark and snowy. I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank. We stared at each other for what felt like a very long time. I slowly backed away and went home.
Jude wanted a new car. He went to the car dealership a few miles away from his house. The salesman recommended some cars that fit his needs. The salesman showed him the types of payments he would have to make. He decided to lease a car instead of buying it because of his budget.
Ellen was struggling to pick the right dress for her bridesmaids. Not one of them could agree on what they wanted to wear. They argued ferociously about colours and styles. Ellen had to sit them down and tell them they were ruining everything. Chastened, the bridesmaids apologised and came to a compromise.
A man desired an inexpensive method of transportation. He began reading forums online about motorcycling. He began shopping for bikes. He found a good priced and highly reliable bike. He purchase the bike and obtained his desired transportation method.
Dillan had bad grades on his report card. He didn't want his parents to find out. Dillan hid the report card from his parents. The teacher called his parents for a conference about his grades. Dylan's parents realized that he was making bad grades.
Mary stopped at the store to buy something for the office picnic. She saw a quart of coleslaw on sale and bought it. The cole-slaw smelled a bit off, but Mary set it out on the table. Later that day, several people at the picnic felt ill. Mary said her co-worker's potato salad must have spoiled.
Elliot was driving his friend's car. He felt uncomfortable as he sat. The car's cushion wasn't to his liking. He decided to remove it. After he took it off, sitting was much more comfortable for him.
Aaron was afraid of snakes. When he got home from school, he saw a snake in the yard. He started shaking and crying. His father got home and got rid of the snake. It took a while for Aaron to calm down.
Callie was playing outside. She was looking at her neighbor's flowers. There were bees in the neighbor's flowerbed. One of the bees was agitated by Callie. Callie was stung by the bee.
Eric had never tried sushi before. That is the only place his friends ever wanted to go and eat. Eric hated cooked fish so he assumed he would hate raw fish. He decided to try it on his own time so no one could laugh. As soon as the raw salmon touched his tongue he instantly gagged.
Tom was desperate for money. He had a bit left and decided to gamble. He went to a casino and put all his money on black. Tom got lucky and actually won. It wasn't enough to help him out, though.
Ky loved playing hockey. Then during a game, he stumbled and twisted his ankle. He had to wear a cast for weeks. He was forced to miss many hockey games. Ky couldn't wait until he healed!
Lillian is 10 Year's old from Texas. She went to visit her grandmother in Oregon for the winter break. It was her first time ever seeing snow. She spent much of the week sledding, and building snow figures. She cannot wait to tell all of her friends about the fun she had.
Fred's racecar was broken down. He wasn't sure if he would get it fixed in time for the race on time. He went down to the salvage yard to find some parts. He worked all night to get the car running. Even though he finished 7th, he was still proud to make the race.
Jill was overjoyed to have her very own apartment. She had lived at home, then in a dorm, then with friends. This was the first time she had a place all to herself. She couldn't wait to give it her own personal touch. Then it would really feel like home!
Nick wanted to be stronger than his older brother. His brother was very strong. He lifted weights every day. He challenged his brother to a bench press. His brother still lifted more than him.
Mary was walking in the park when she heard a noise. She could hear a weird type of squawking. Mary looked all all over for the loud noise. She saw a hurt bird near the bottom of a tree. Mary picked up the bird and took it Doctor Tim.
Tom couldn't find his phone. He asked a friend to call it. That didn't help much. Tom eventually gave up. He found it days later looking for something else.
Corey had to make 50 copies of a flyer for his band. He put the original down and set up the copier. He accidently hit an extra zero on the copier. Now he had to wait for all 500 copies to come out. The extra cost of the copies depressed Corey.
My nephew warned the doctors he is a carrier of Factor V Leiden. The doctors need to know in case his daughter carries the gene. Even though the doctors were fully warned about this. They put my niece through a bad labor instead of doing a c section. Two days after my beautiful niece was born, she had a stroke.
My friend went underneath my legs to score the touchdown. Touching the fence meant a touchdown. We were playing backyard football at school. We were lined up for the snap. I was not expecting that.
I was hungry and I wanted some oranges. I left my house and walked to the fruit store. At the store, I saw some oranges for sale. I picked out the oranges that I liked. I paid for the oranges and went home.
The couple worked hard to make their house safe. A hurricane was coming and they wanted to board up the windows. As the storm moved in, the winds picked up. They finished just before the storm hit. They hoped their house would hold up.
Carlos had acne on his face that he didn't like. He researched different face creams to hide them. He eventually decided on one brand and took it home. Carlos was nervous and worried the cream wouldn't work. Within a week, Carlos had no more acne on his face.
Tim's tooth was hurting like crazy. He could barely eat or drink. His dentist took a look around in his mouth. One of his teeth was rotten. Once the tooth was pulled, Tim felt fine.
Jason was on a date. He had chosen to go to an Italian restaurant. Jason ordered spaghetti. He spilled the food on his shirt. Jason felt embarrassed in front of his date.
Bill was always bullied. His bully was a star athlete. One day Bill pushed him back. The bully fell wrong and broke his ankle. It ruined his athletic career.
Jason has been lonely for many Year's. Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend. Jason asks Rebecca out on a date. She says yes. Jason is happy to be out on a date with someone.
It was Jessica's birthday. She was turning 31. Her boyfriend's family threw her a party. She got flowers and cake. She had a great birthday.
We had the biggest fight ever yesterday. We yelled for hours. We ended up staying awake all night long. The fight lasted until 10 am. We finally just went to bed out of exhaustion.
Jason finds that he has a lot of free time after work. He decides he needs to take up a hobby. Jason decides to start playing video games. He finds them fun. He is glad to have something to do after work.
Ava walked along a nature trail near a highway. A nearby car spun out of control. The car hit Ava as it crashed through the woods and onto the trail. Ava bumped her head on a tree. An ambulance drove Ava to the hospital.
Larry wants to see his college's basketball team before he graduates. Although the team is very popular, Larry never made time to see them. He and a friend get tickets to see the team play against their rival. At the end of the exciting game, Larry's college team wins. He's happy that he finally got to see them play.
My brother went food shopping in Allston, MA last night. Traffic was all tied up. A New York car cut off an MA car and clipped the fender. The NY car was switching lanes unexpectedly. The MA driver was angry at the NY driver, who was a college student.
I had an opportunity to go to the Dentist. There is a Dental School in my town, with student practitioners. One of my teeth broke and needed a cap. The kid who ground my teeth away was drunk in the operating room. I ended up calling a real dentist for such difficult work.
Paul parked his bicycle in front of the coffee shop. After he ordered his coffee, he noticed his bike was gone. He asked if anyone saw his bicycle, but had no luck. Disappointed, Paul walked home. He wished he bought a bicycle lock.
Sally went to the library. She asked the librarian for a good book to read. The librarian gave her a book on spiders. She was terrified by the book. Sally decided to leave and watch TV instead.
Tim was only seven, but he admired his big sister Anna. She was 15 and helped out at the soup kitchen. Tim wanted to contribute to his community, too. So he started accompanying Anna to work. There, he helped fold blankets and dry dishes!
Sara was going to the grocery store on the bus. She was running late and hurrying towards the bus stop. As she approached she saw the bus arrive, pass her and keep driving. At first she wanted to give up but she decided to walk. Luckily she caught up with another later bus stop.
Kayla had a gender reveal party. People wore blue and pink. They made guesses what the baby would be. Eight people guessed a boy and five guessed a girl. The girls won.
I went down to the tidepool to watch the tide roll out. I sat on the dock and waited, while listening to my mp3 player. Once the tide was out, I saw something shiny in the muddy bottoms. I went down and found that it was a gold ring! Today was my lucky day!
Patty was selling Girl Scout cookies in her neighborhood. She rang the doorbell of the strange house on the corner. It always had its blinds down. A very large woman came to the door. Patty was sad to learn she had already purchased one hundred boxes!
Sam wanted to learn how to read. He thought his friends would mock his illiteracy. But when they found out, they were all very kind. They even volunteered to teach him his letters. After months of studying, Sam became a great reader!
Lim batted at the batting cage. He hit the ball so hard it busted through the chain fence. A baseball scout wanted to sign him to a local team. Lim agreed and signed. His first game he played he got three home runs.
Gina's friend Mary had upset her. Gina decided to pretend she wasn't upset. But Rita had shared with Mary Gina's displeasure. Now Mary was upset with Gina. But Gina couldn't have cared less.
Percy was the teacher for a very disruptive class. They did not pay attention to him at all. Percy brought in a megaphone and yelled at them. The class stopped talking and paid attention. Percy brought the megaphone every day.
Hannah came into the gym. She signed up at the front desk and met up with an instructor. He told her to make several basketball shots and do running exercises. Afterwards, he told her that she's qualified. The instructor gave her a uniform.
Tom was cleaning out his old house. He found a lot of vintage clothes in the attic. Some of the outfits were back in style. Tom kept some of the clothes and sold the rest. He padded his wardrobe and his wallet.
Ian ditched his friends to go out with his girlfriend. The next day, his girlfriend broke up with him. As he tried to contact his friends, none of them responded to them. They also said no word when they met in person. Therefore, Ian tried to apologize for his actions.
Kate had to write an English Paper. She forgot about the topic. She decided to write the paper anyway without asking. When it was time to turn the paper in, Kate's paper was wrong. She turned it in anyway and accepted a point deduction.
Some bad people tried to pick a fight with Jackie. Jackie thought quickly and grabbed an egg from a food vendor. He also grabbed a nearby piece of thick wooden board. He held the egg in his palm while breaking the board. Jackie did not crack the egg and his attackers decided to not attack.
I always listen to music in the car on the way to work. One afternoon, I put in a Billy Joel CD on the way to work. The CD player broke while I was driving. It would not let me change the CD. I just listened to Billy Joel on repeat all summer.
Jenny wanted to have plastic surgery. She hated her nose. She asked her doctor to give her a tiny new nose. He shaped it poorly and it looked terrible. Jenny hated her new nose!
I had a California roll today. It was rather delicious. I liked the taste of it. I wanted to have it again. So I got another one.
Joy found a watch on the ground near her school. She turned it into the lost and found office. The watch belonged to one of Joy's teachers. The teacher found out Joy turned in the watch. Joy's teacher thanked Joy for turning in the watch.
Tom bought a new router. The signal wasn't too good. Tom looked up what the problem was. The internet had a few solutions. Tom was able to fix it easily.
A man walked into the supermarket and went towards the canned goods. He ripped off all the labels and moved the cans around. A store clerk walked by and shouted at the man to stop. The man laughed and threw all the labels in the air. The man ran from the store and evaded capture.
Josie was a new Girl Scout. She was determined to sell a lot of cookies this year! She went door to door and made a lot of sales. At the end of the month, she was recognized as the troop's top seller! She wore her new badge proudly.
Renee and Fred were married for 3 years. One day Fred told Renee he had to go on a business trip for 3 weeks. She cleaned when he was gone and found a hidden box of receipts. She discovered that Fred was sending flowers to another woman. Renee quickly realized that Fred is probably not on a business trip.
Abby recently saw a new sundae shop opening in town. Abby decided she would try out the sundae shop. As Abby arrived, Abby noticed the shop only made sundaes. After ordering a pistachio sundae, Abby was pleased with the taste. Abby knew she would be returning to the sundae shop again.
I had a great trip to the city last week. I went with a few friends from work. We went to see a concert. The band was really good. It was a perfect night.
Cindy was making three loaves of bread for her family to eat. But her hands weren't clean while she was handling the dough. The loaves of bread, however, turned out amazing. And her family loved them. But everyone in her house became sick.
Miles noticed that his breath smelled bad. He decided to get some gum to chew. Miles bought a pack of strawberry flavored gum. He began to chew one stick of the gum. Soon he noticed that his breath did not smell bad any longer.
Greg had a heart condition. His doctor told him he needed an operation. Greg ended up getting open-heart surgery. Him and his family was very worried about the operation. It turned out a success and he recovered very well.
My niece graduated from high school. I was so proud of her. She had worked very hard throughout high school. She got great grades. We threw her a big party.
Gina's crush had been absent from school. Gina had no way of knowing where he was. Gina was getting worried. Missing one day of school wasn't unusual. But three days had Gina worried.
Jeff learned how to play guitar at a very young age. He started a band in high school. They practiced very hard daily. Jeff decided to take this to another level. They took the band on tour and became rockstars.
I went to the casino last week. My friend was playing poker. I was playing slot machines. My friend lost five hundred dollars. I won two hundred dollars
The boys really wanted to see some live alligators. So they went to a local zoo. They had a huge alligator areA. We saw feelings and a training session. We were so glad to see this.
Justin was taking a trip. His car started to make a loud noise. He decided to pull over. He popped the hood and his engine was blown. He called for help and waited to get picked up.
Donald Trump woke up one day, and decided he wanted to run for POTUS He informed his wife, and his children of his decision They were all intensely amused He started campaigning, and mostly everybody thought he was a joke However, lo and behold, come election time, Donald would be elected
Andrew bought a storage shed. He found something he didn't expect. A single desk lamp sat in the middle of the shed. He took the desk lamp. He sold it for money.
One day at a market, I bought what became my favorite top. I wore it to everything I thought was important. I was wearing the top one day on the crowded metro. As I struggled to push my way through the crowd, my shirt ripped. I was so sad and no longer do I have a favorite shirt.
Randy had a home snow-cone maker. It was a hot day and he really wanted a snow-cone. He realized that his machine was broken. Instead, he crushed some ice up by hand. Then he ate his snow cone.
Alex was coming through the door. Suddenly, his cat slipped outside. He went outside to chase him. He had to follow him down the street to catch him. Then, he brought the cat inside.
Carl lived all alone in a big house. Carl would walk into the city to try to make new friends. He wound up befriending a homeless man named Pete. Carl invited Pete to dinner at his house. Carl woke up the next morning in a bathtub full of ice.
Rachel was very excited for yearbook photo's on Monday. She had really blossomed over the summer and felt great. She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage. On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped. She refused to smile in her photo since she was now missing two teeth.
My Dad likes watermelon very much. He always wants my Mom to buy him watermelon. Good watermelons are hard to pick out. The last three watermelons my Mom has bought have been great! I think she has finally learned how to pick a good watermelon.
Today as I was driving I saw a dead cat. It was really just a kitten and not very big. I felt so sad for that little cat. If I had had more time maybe I would have stopped and buried it. But that would probably have been gross.
Jay had no idea what a haboob storm was before moving to Arizona. He got a message on his phone, warning him of an incoming haboob. Jay ignored the message and went outside to check the mail. The dust storm engulfed him in dust, making it difficult to get home. Jay finally reached his home, and won't underestimate a haboob again.
The couple loved binge watching shows. The discovered one that they got addicted to. They watched every episode in one weekend. After the finale, they stared at the wall. What were they supposed to do now?
Quincy wanted to travel to Costa Rica. He started saving for the trip for many years. Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip. Quincy planned his trip very well and went one summer. Quincy was glad for his research, he enjoyed every moment.
Sean randomly decided he wanted cable. He called the company and ordered it. The next morning, a man came and installed it. He showed him how to use the system and left. Sean spent the rest of the day enjoying the new set up.
Today was Dan's birthday, and he was excited. His wife told him she would treat him like a king on his birthday. Dan's wife got him a royal robe, and slippers to wear. In addition, Dan's wife brought him breakfast in bed. Dan was excited for the king like treatment on his birthday.
Amy drove to the concert hall to watch the symphony. She parked her car and went inside. The symphony played all of Amy's favorite songs. The musicians played two encores because everyone loved it. Amy drove home after the beautiful concert.
Sam went camping with his friends. At night they became quite cold. Sam said that he will make them a fire. The friends gathered sticks for him. Sam stacked the sticks and lit them on fire.
I was having a bad day. My hair was a mess. Then I went to cvs. When I was there I got hair stuff. Then I used it and it was great.
Cathy recently had the feeling of wanting to serve others. Cathy asked her mother for organizations that serve others. Cathy found a local soup kitchen that feeds the homeless. After meeting with the president, Cathy was asked to volunteer. Cathy thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at the soup kitchen.
I noticed that my car was running hot. I kept driving home. I could not start it again. I had cracked a head gasket. I learned to stop when running hot.
The weather was cold outside. Robert wanted to run. His sweater was in the washing machine. Robert decided to run in a short sleeved shirt. He caught a nasty cold.
Tabatha was feeling tired. She made herself some coffee to wake her up. Tabatha drank 3 cups of coffee. Afterwards, she felt a little bit sick. She had to lie down for a little bit from consuming too much caffeine.
Denise thought her children would be okay without an Easter egg hunt. She had provided them with an Easter basket full of candy after all. Then she heard them whining to their grandma about no egg hunt. Denise had to drive to the store to buy eggs for a hunt. She was glad to put an end to the complaining.
We just ate at our building's summer party. The caterer limited the amount of food given out. Each person could get only one hot dog per trip. On our last trip my wife tried to get a hot dog. To her dismay, the person in front of her took the last dog.
Tom was a good student. He was doing poorly in one class. He couldn't handle the idea of getting a bad grade. He tried cheating but wasn't good at it. Tom got caught and was flunked.
Jamie walked outside to check her mail. She realized someone had beat her mailbox with a bat. Jamie called the police department. Two officers showed up at Jamie's house. Jamie filed a report for the damage of her property.
Ricky was unemployed. He tried applying to jobs through various websites. He didn't hear back for months. Finally, he heard back from a recruiter located nearby. Ricky was able to get a job in sales through the recruiter.
I worked at a second shift job. All my coworkers would go out and drink after work. I was never invited. I decided to invite myself one day. Now I am always invited by someone.
Last week Tim decided to try this new Chinese restaurant in town. Tim loves chinese food and was looking forward to it. At the restaurant he had some sushi which is his favorite. The next morning he was diagnosed with food poisoning by his doctor. Tim will not eat at this new restaurant ever again.
Nalia's family decided to travel to Florida by car. It was a day-long journey. The family argued along the way. Everyone was at each other's throats when finally they arrived. Nalia's family realized car trips are a terrible idea.
Jean had a job interview for a position she really wanted. The interviewer said the company would call the next day. That day, Jean discovered her phone had no dial tone. She frantically searched and finally saw her room phone off the hook. She fixed it and a minute later got the call: she was hired!
Abby started dating a boy from class. Things were going great. One day, Abby found a shirt that wasn't hers in her boyfriend's room. Abby asked him and he confessed to cheating. She dumped him right away.
Avery had a new engagement ring. Avery was in her pottery class. She took of her ring to work and lost it. She went back to look, but couldn't find it. Avery's boyfriend will not buy her another ring.
Jane had a small window in her old garage. A neighbor boy hit the pane with a golf ball. It broke into a million pieces. Jane had to call a glass smith. He made her a custom window for that pane.
Katie was asked by a stranger to deliver a package. She unwisely took the package of unknown contents. While delivering the package it tore open. Some of the toxic substance in it leaked out. She became very ill at the exposure to the contents.
Tom was looking for a job. He had applied to different places. Nobody had called him back. Tom was feeling hopeless when he got a call. It was a decent job offer.
Hank bought a new car and someone hit his car on the way home. Hank got really angry and punched the offending driver. Hank was then arrested. Hank was devastated by his poor decision making. Hank ended up taking anger management classes voluntarily.
Gertrude's friends are throwing a dinner party in Queens. Gertrude always loves to catch up with her friends. She picks out an outfit and prepares to go to the party . However, she feels it is so cold outside she cannot go anywhere. Gertrude feels sad to miss seeing her friends because of the weather.
Vicki wished she had a puppy. She went to the local animal shelter. She found the perfect puppy for her. Vicki took the puppy home with her. They became best friends!
My teacher assigned a project in class. By the time I got home, I had already forgotten about it. Three days went by and a friend messaged me asking if I had done it. I was very upset with myself for forgetting about it. The entire night was spent working on the project, but it got done.
Timothy loved to dance. There was a dance contest that was coming up soon. Timothy didn't have much confidence in himself. It took everything he had to dance with all of his self doubt. Everyone loved his dancing and he won the contest.
Tera had gotten a huge promotion. She was a top executive at the company. She got a huge pay raise and a great office. Tera bragged to all her friends. She couldn't wait to get to work in her new position.
Cindy never did homework and blamed her dog for eating it. One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy. She went home and made sure she did her best job on it. When she went to the bathroom, her dog came by and ate her papers. The teacher did not believe her and Cindy didn't get any candy.
Luke had a crush on a girl named Tammy. Luke would write love letters for her in invisible ink. He would leave his letters in her desk for her to find. Unfortunately Tammy didn't know how to read the letters. Luke never told her how he felt and she never figured out the letters.
Mary gave her dog Max a bone for Christmas. Max dragged the bone around with him everywhere. One day, he no longer had his bone with him. Marry dug up a suspicious pile of dirt in the yard and found it. She gave it back to Max who wagged his tail happily.
I played some Ping Pong as a kid. I wasn't very good. I played a bunch of tennis as an adult. When I played Ping Pong again, I played like it was tennis. I was a lot better.
Ben loved to hunt animals in the woods. He shot and killed animals, both large and small. One day, Ben decided to get drunk and fall asleep in the woods. A bear came up from behind him, one which was very tall. What once was a hunter, soon became the hunted, devoured in all.
The man had an itch. He scratched it. His skin became raw. He asked his wife for help. She gave him lotion to help.
Owen went to the arcade with his friends. One of his friends ran out of money. Owen still had five dollars left. Owen gave his friend two dollars. His friend paid Owen back the next day.
Daphne had a bad habit of speaking in third person. She wanted to break this bad habit. Daphne researched different ways to end it. She eventually found a method worked. Daphne no longer speaks in third person.
Ava wanted strawberries. She went to the grocery store, but she was disappointed. The strawberries there were small and unripe. Then she went to a local farmer's market. There, Ava found large and sweet, ripe red berries!
Allie had so many split ends. It was gross. She to kind of upset about it. So she cut them off. She looked so much better.
Yesterday, I needed to buy a belt so I went to the mall. After choosing which store to shop from, I quickly got out of my car. Upon going inside there was an associate to help me. We talked about what i wanted and she led me to the section. I picked out a great belt and left feeling excellent!
I was reading when suddenly I got a phone call. It was my best friend's mother. She said my friend killed himself. I began to cry. I went to his funeral and cried some more.
While visiting a casino I saw a woman drop a one hundred dollar bill. I ran up to her and returned the money that she dropped. The wrinkled old woman awarded me with a measly five dollars. I unfolded my small prize and uncovered three-hundred dollars. I walked away with a big grin on my face, skipping my way to the bank.
Bertha taught 5th grade math. She was the meanest teacher in the entire school. She gave out only one A a semester. Bertha reminded the students that they needed to push themselves more. By the end of the year she gave out two A's.
Rick had to make a rocket for a science project. Rick studied rocket designs for hours to prepare. The big day came and Rick put all of his knowledge to use. They started testing rockets and Rick's was up next! Rick's launched up higher and faster than the entire class!
My sister walked towards my mom. She lied to my mom saying that she's pregnant. She ended up being slapped in the face. I had to break up the fight and say that my sister was joking. My mom immediately apologized.
Tom was cleaning out his closet. He found an old pair of jeans. He tried to put them on. They were too tight to wear. Tom felt bad about his physique because of it.
Jane and Barbara decided on going to the lake for a picnic. As they set out their blanket, they saw a bear. Startled, they both backed away slowly. The bear went into their lunch box as they ran away. They left their belongings, but had a great story to tell!
The man loved decorating with nature. He hung some antlers on the wall. His wife did not like the new decorations. She liked a more feminine style. They compromised by hanging a floral wreath next to it.
Danny had always wanted to lead an orchestra. He applied for a position in a local church. They called him in for an audition. He led the orchestra with confidence. The church hired him to be their orchestra leader.
Ian was studying for an important test. But he was very tempted to play video games. But he kept on studying and studying. Ian was happy when he received an A. And he rewarded himself by playing video games all day.
Sharon decided to become a vegetarian. She threw all of the meat in her refrigerator away. The next 3 weeks were tough on her. After a month she decided it was best to go back to eating meat. Sharon went to her favorite burger joint and was in heaven.
Rob and Alex had thrown mud pies and Amy and Beth. When Amy told her mom she was furious. Amy's mom made the boys clean the mess. She sprayed the girls with water hose to clean them up. She grounded Rob, and sent his friend Alex home.
I went to the supermarket with my mom. I stayed in the car when she got up. Since her phone was connected to bluetooth, I heard her voice. She was speaking to a friend about having another baby. I instantly turned off the car.
Today I started training for a new job. I was a bit overwhelmed and worried going into the day. However, my trainer was very patient and understanding. He taught me well, and showed me in ways I could understand. By the end of the day, I had mastered most of the skills needed.
Jill had a surgery scheduled. Jill was incredibly frightened. She was scared she might not make it through. Jill had her surgery successfully. Jill was crying happy tears when she woke up.
Last night, I went to the Michigan versus Texas college football game. Texas was leading the entire 4th quarter. In the final seconds, Michigan's quarterback threw a huge pass. With two seconds left, Michigan missed the game-winning field goal. Texas won the football game.
Jenny's neighbor wasn't feeling well. The neighbor was an old woman with no family around. Jenny decided to make the woman some soup. She visited the woman and gave her the soup. The old woman thanked Jenny.
Mary hated math when she was younger. She could not grasp different math concepts. One day Mary won the lottery. Mary had to learn how to count, invest and save her money. Mary now loves math.
I've always wanted a dog, but my mom thinks I'm irresponsible. I told her I'd feed it, walk it, play with it, and everything else. Gradually she gave in, and she told me I could have one. But she also said I'd have to wait until my birthday. On my birthday, I got a golden retriever puppy!
Sarah had just woken up after hosting a sleepover. She expected her friend to be with her but she wasn't. She searched the house for nearly half an hour. Then Sarah's mom told her that her friend felt homesick and left. Sarah was sad but she understood and hoped she was okay.
Ted wanted to improve his health. He visited a holistic doctor. The holistic doctor recommend eating raw garlic daily. Ted ate raw garlic daily. Ted felt his health improve.
The singer stood on stage and motioned to the band. As the music started the singer began to sway. He sang words so sweetly the audience began to weep. The singer took a bow and left the stage. The audience begged for an encore but none came.
We boarded the trans-Atlantic flight to London. The plane took off from the runway. In the evening the flight attendant served us dinner After eating we fell asleep with a pillow under our heads. In the morning our flight landed in London.
My uncle keeps his guns locked up in a safe. The other day his son found a way in it. He saw over his shoulder at the combination. He was caught playing with it and was lectured. They changed the combination.
My friend challenged me to a jumping jacks competition. He bet me five dollars he could do more. My friend did 50 jumping jacks. I did 60 jumping jacks. Now my friend owes me five dollars.
Tommy worked as a carpenter. He was working on the interior of a house. There was a nail sticking out of the wall. Tommy passed too close to the wall. The nail got caught in Tommy's clothes and tore his shirt.
the fisherman set out to check his lobster traps. he had placed them just a mile away attached to buoys the buoys were yellow when he saw them he stopped the boat and pulled them up. They were full of big fat lobsters
Tom and Ben were best friends. They liked hunting. They went hunting together. They shot and ate a bear. They had a great time hunting.
Tim had always made good grades. He just started high school and realized things were about to be tough. He forgot to study for a quiz one day. Tim decided to cheat. He got caught and got detention.
It was William's birthday. He would be dining with his parents and his wife. He decided to pick an Italian restaurant. It was a hard choice, there were many to choose from. He let his wife decide on the restaurant and they had a lovely dinner.
My friend Sheila posted on facebook that her train was stopped. She was angry as she wanted to go home. She posted angry words about the service. Then she heard the delay was due to a child being run over a train. She felt sad about the accident.
Janice and her family were going on a ride. They had rented a boat. They were going up the river in their boat. They were all having a marvelous time. The boat ride would be remembered by all of them for a long time.
Julia was newly pregnant and very excited. Unfortunately her happiness was impeded on by her sickness. She was throwing up many times a day for weeks. Just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, it cleared up. Thankfully she had a very healthy remainder of her pregnancy.
I played two games against my chess friend this afternoon. I won both games. He plays on FB, which gives you notifications and interrupts the game. I have the same issue, so I did not feel sorry for him. That is because he killed me in chess for years.
I knew he was stalking me. My friends and family started contacting me. They asked if I was okay. They said he was making cryptic comments about my safety. I told them I was fine but he was crazy.
Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather. When he saw a cute girl shivering, he loaned her his coat. The girl sat down by Doug and he thought he stood a chance with her. By halftime, Doug's lips had turned blue. Then, Doug was on his way to the hospital with hypothermia.
Jack is living in a new apartment with 2 other women. The landlord has no idea that Jack is heterosexual. Jack is always getting caught in awkward situations. One day the landlord overhears Jack flirting with a woman. Jack denies anything happen.
Larry was wondering why it got dark early. He then wondered why he was so sleepy. Eventually he realized his clock was broken. Larry decided to replace it. He bought a new one at the store.
We bought a house in the suburbs. All the walls inside were neon green and yellow. We knew no one would want to buy an ugly house. We worked for days painting all the rooms. By the time we were done, it was all a neutral tan shade.
Ted was going to make a bet. He bet a friend his football team would win. The day of the football game came. Ted's team lost badly. Ted lost the bet and decided not to bet again.
A blind man approached me on the street. He needed some money. I felt bad for him. I gave him twenty dollars. It was only later that I realized he was faking his blindness!
The Hayes family always went on vacation every year. One year they decided to make their vacation extra special. They planned and they planned and went to Hawaii for their trip. They saw all kinds of cool things and at all kinds of yummy food. From then on, they went to Hawaii every year.
Carly dreamed of going en pointe one day. Her teacher said her ankles were too weak for it right now. So she practiced on her strength every day for two months. Her teacher was impressed with her progress. She allowed Carly to take introductory en pointe classes!
I took a long road trip last week. I drove four hundred miles in one day. I didn't have to but I just wanted to clear my head. I found out that I like long drives with music playing. It's very peaceful and I'm going to do it more.
My friends found out about an end of the year party at the beach. We decided to call a taxi to take us there. However, we didn't come across anyone when we arrived. I asked Dan if he's positive that this is the right place. He eventually realized that we moved towards the opposite direction.
Tina enjoyed playing her flute in the school band. She had to play an important solo in the winter concert. Tina was nervous that she would mess up during the performance. Finally after weeks of practicing, her big moment had arrived. Her hard work paid off, and the solo was beautiful!
I hated rock music. One day, my friend introduced me to post rock. It was actually pretty good! I asked him for more post rock bands. I was eventually obsessed with post rock music!
Jake was cleaning out his garage. He found an antique watch stashed away in the corner. He took it to a pawn shop to get it appraised. His watch was worth $5000. Jake sold his watch and put the money into a savings account.
I found a few termites one day the kitchen. I called the exterminator. The exterminator came to my house and said I needed my house sprayed. It took a few days for the house to be habitable again. I have never seen a termite in the house again.
Candy had a long week at work and wanted to rest. She decided that Saturday would be a good day to go to the park. She packed a picnic and brought a blanket and a book. The blanket was laid out and she sat there enjoying her lunch. She red her book as she sat in the peacefulness of the park.
We took the kids to a preseason practice. The kids loved seeing their players. They had games set up for them to play. They thought the qb skills was the best. We were really happy to take them.
Paula always enjoyed going to the lake with her grandpa. They would skip stones for hours on end. She got the news one day that her grandpa was sick. Paula was sad when she heard he had passed. She went to the lake and skipped stones, thinking of her grandpa.
Jasper needed to run errands all day. He went to the grocery store and laundromat. When he was done, he felt great. He had a beer to celebrate. Jasper was happy that he had accomplished so much.
Jenna cooked a stew for the first time. She peeled all the veggies and put them in the pot. When it was time to serve the food, she beamed with pride. But she had mistaken the cucumber for a zucchini. When she saw her mistake, she removed the cucumbers before serving.
My family was taking a tour inside of the forest. We came across many animals and wildlife. Out of nowhere, a fly flew into my mouth. While I was choking, my uncle tried to do the heimlich maneuver. The fly ended up escaping my mouth.
When I was little I used to pace around the house. I walk back and forth from one end of the house to the other end. This caused my parents to get very annoyed. They tried many methods to stop me from doing this. All the methods failed and eventually they got use to me pacing.
Ethel always loved her grandmother's peach cobbler. That was the one thing she missed when she went away to school. One day, she called her grandmother for the recipe. She went to the store off campus and bought the supplies. Her peach cobbler tasted nothing like her grandmother's.
Tim blew a bubble very large. He was scared to pop the bubble. It would explode on his face. And get in his hair. He took the gum out of his mouth and left it on the road.
Kate's cousin ran a small business. He needed Kate to do some sewing for his business. Kate was not fond of sewing. Kate was hesitant to help. But she agreed to help since he was family.
I was listening to the radio today. All the sudden I hear something I like. So I asked Siri to identify the song. Luckily she did. I then went on to purchase it.
Kim just got a new dog. She wanted to take it walking but she didn't have a dog collar. So she went to the pet store and got her dog a new collar. She put the collar on the dog. She walked the dog for thirty minutes.
Roger Rumface got off the plane. All around him were short people who spoke a different language. This perplexed Roger. He looked down at his ticket. Then he realized he was in Singapore, not Los Angeles.
Last night Stacy tried to get a babysitter. She needed one for her children. Laura said she would come and sit. However unfortunately Laura never came. She did not come until an hour later.
Tom and Bill were best friends. They were 11 years old. They would frequently play games. They played Hide and Seek the most. They learned that this game was their favorite.
Aria started having seizures. Her mother did not know why. She took Aria to a doctor and he said she was allergic to something. For about a week Aria's mom tried to find what Aria was allergic to. Aria left behind her baby blanket and her seizures stopped.
The couple was on a romantic vacation. They went to a winery. They tasted lots of wines and  ate some snacks. Then they walked around the beautiful grounds. It was a trip they would never forget!
Timmy was feeling homesick. He hadn't seen his parents in over a year. Timmy was too busy at work to make time to see them. Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them. His parents flew over the next day to visit him.
Rob was upset about some things the city council was doing. He was against them instituting permit parking on his street. He organized a petition and collected numerous signatures. He also spoke at several city council meetings. Thankfully, he was able to prevent the measure from being implemented.
The man put poison on the weeds. The weeds did not die. The man tried another poison. Some of the weeds died. The man decided to pull the rest of the weeds by hand.
Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months. One day his barber recommended he try hair gel. Myron tried spiking up his hair using gel. He loved his new hairstyle. Myron was very happy he took his barber's recommendation.
Walter was a chemistry teacher. He finds out he has cancer. His family does not have nearly enough money to pay for the treatment. Walter decides to start selling drugs. It pays for the treatment.
Anna was cleaning her apartment. She was standing on a ladder to take things out the cabinet. Anna dropped a heavy box on the floor. It made a really loud noise. Anna's neighbor came by to check on her.
Matt was talking on the phone with his friend. The friend was really rude and didn't let Matt talk much. At first Matt put up with it because he cared about his friend. Soon he decided that he wouldn't allow it. He demanded that his friend apologize.
One day Scott was walking home from school. He heard a noise coming from the bushes. He went in closer to check it out. It was a little small puppy with no collar. Scott decided to take the puppy home and make it his own.
Gabby had just come back from her vacation to Hawaii. She placed her bag on her bed and took a shower. When she got out she noticed a trail of bugs on her bed. Gabby quickly went through her bag and found a small tiki idol. Termites were coming out of a small hole in the souvenir!
Kelsi was on the basketball team. She was having trouble making her foul shots. Her coach had her do extra practicing with her foul shots. Kelsi had to shoot foul shots at her next game. She made them all!
DJ had just moved from her home for college. DJ would always watch mom cook pasta. Suddenly one day her mom paid her a visit. DJ made pasta the same way her mom made by visualizing her cook. DJ made the most wonderful pasta her mom ever tasted.
Cortana had a severe sleeping problem, she hadn't slept in days. The doctor prescribed to her some sleeping pills but they didn't work. The next thing that was recommended to her was an ancient tea. It was Chinese and it cured her insomnia and she was able to rest. The only side effect was that she was haunted by the worst nightmares.
Erica's favorite place in the world was the local playground. She would meet her friend Susie there every Saturday morning. One morning she got there and Susie was nowhere to be found. She found someone else to play with but worried about Susie. Susie showed up an hour later and the three of them played together.
When Tom was eighteen he bought a used Carmenn Ghia. He loved driving the bright yellow car in town. Once a policeman stopped Tom for speeding. The policeman like the car so much he didn't write Tom a ticket. Tom doesn't speed as much anymore in his Carmenn Ghia.
Emily is an avid runner. She always runs near a wooded area. One day, she ran further than usual. On her way back, she ran near the trees in complete darkness. Something jumped out of the woods and Emily was never seen again.
Jamie was wandering through the woods. He picked up a stick and threw it against a tree. The tree screamed out and said ow. Jamie was very puzzled about the sound. Then someone in camouflage stepped out from behind the tree.
Jeff wanted to be a scientist. He studied hard in school and made good grades. Jeff then went on to college to become a research scientist. He graduated with honors in four years. Jeff then achieved his dream by landing a job at Purdue as a scientist
Carla's dog found a way to leave her backyard. Carla was devastated that her dog was gone. She called her neighbors to see if they have her dog and they didn't. So she posted poster with a picture of her dog all over town. Three weeks later someone called because they found her dog.
Joe was hungry and wanted to make dinner. He put some chicken from the fridge into the microwave. He set the microwave to his desired time. All of a sudden the microwave made a huge noise. He had left a piece of foil in the microwave!
Tom moved to a new city. He didn't have any friends there. He decided to put an online ad looking for new ones. Within days Tom had a few interesting responses. He was able to make new friends.
There was an old house in the neighborhood that was abandoned. All the kids were afraid of it, except for Tim. Tim ventured in one day and found something amazing. There was a small dog taking shelter in the home. Tim adopted the dog and took him home.
Spencer got into the car. The baby started to fuss. He tried to calm her. She wouldn't calm. He went back home.
Tim is a professional free climber. One day, his hand slipped while climbing. Tim suffered a painful leg injury. The injury made him not want to climb again. Eventually Tim gained his confidence back to start climbing
Benjamin had two big sisters. Every time he felt lonely, he could play with them. But as they grew older, they preferred playing with their friends. So Benjamin had to learn to have new friends on his own. It took him some time, but eventually he found friends and had fun.
Madelyn was going on a blind date. She was supposed to meet Dave at a restaurant. On the way there, Madelyn's car broke down. By the time she got to the restaurant, Dave was gone. Madelyn thought fate was keeping her from finding the right man.
I bought a skinny tie. I didn't know how to tie it. I decided to ask my neighbor. He showed me how to tie it. I thanked him and realized the value of our friendship.
Mike wanted to be healthier. So he saved up his money for a juicer. He bought tons of fruits and vegetables. And he made all types of healthy juices. In a few weeks, he felt much better.
Lilly misses her daddy. Her Aunt Libby tells her to write her daddy a letter. She concentrates very hard to finish it, and mails it off. Waiting for her dad to write back is torture. But soon his letter comes, and she is so excited to hear from him!
Kennedy got a box of markers for her birthday. She decided to scribble all over her dresser. Kennedy's mother was very upset at her. Her mother took away the markers. She made Kennedy help her clean the dresser.
Val hosted a party where she only had round food. Her friends bought donuts, bagels, hamburgers, etc. Her sister brought brownies, but they were square. Val had her cut up them up into circles before they could be eaten. Her sister said this was the last theme party she'd put up with.
When Paul was young he bet his dad he would never get married. He was so convinced that the idea of marriage was not for him. But eventually he fell in love with a beautiful girl. They dated for a few years and he eventually asked her to marry him. He paid on his bet, but was so happy for being a happily married man.
There were bugs all over Ryan's front porch. He was constantly getting bit while sitting out on his porch. He decided to get a bug zapper to get rid of them. He installed the bug zapper during the weekend. He no longer gets bitten by bugs while on his porch.
Neville went on an archaeology trip with his grad class. The grad students dug and drilled through shale and limestone. They tracked all their findings carefully. Nevil's digging yielded an ancient dinosaur fossil! The other grad students were so jealous of his find!
Ness was very sweet and gave cash to charity even though she was poor. She gave every cent she could spare for many years. Then at age forty she decided to buy a lottery ticket. Against all odds, Ness won the huge jackpot! She donated half the money and lived like a queen thereafter!
Sam was inside his home. It had been pouring for hours. Suddenly he heard a loud crack. Lightning had struck a tree in his front yard. The tree fell over and damaged his mailbox.
Sam was making her husband some hot cocoa. After heating the milk, she found a problem. She had no more hot cocoa powder left! She decided to try stirring in some chocolate chips instead. Her husband said it was the best cocoa he'd ever had!
Marcus was travelling home from the store. He had to take a cab because he didn't have a car. When the cab arrived he dug into his pocket for some cash. Suddenly he realized he had no money on him. Luckily the cab driver didn't mind and offered to pay for him.
Mary Wikem had a cat that always stayed inside. One day, the cat sneaked outside when nobody was looking. It found a large tree, climbed it and got stuck! Mary Wikem found it and called the fire department for help. After a short while, the cat was rescued and brought back inside.
My coworker Freya was a diabetic. She needed daily insulin injections. One day in 1987 we had a fire alarm and left. Freya stayed to inject herself, and a security guard saw her. He thought she was doing drugs, but was corrected.
We went to the IHOP with our granddaughter and her parents on Monday. Our 2-year old granddaughter dictated what each person could eat. She said her nanny would have orange juice and her uncle pancakes. I was to have eggs while she was getting chocolate juice. We were amused by her choices.
Jim was at the park playing with his friends. He decided to show off and run down one of the slides. As he was going down the slide, he slipped and fell. He landed on his leg in a weird spot and broke it. Jim decided that showing off was not worth it anymore.
Beth caught two fireflies in a jar. She sat the jar on her dresser that night when she went to bed. The next morning the fireflies were dead. She cried to her mother. It turned out they never survive when caught.
Carl had been hired to work at a local factory. It was very hot with temperatures typically over one hundred degrees. Carl hated the job and wanted to quit. However, he had to stick with it to pay the bills. Eventually, Carl got use to job and learned to enjoy it.
Allie competed in a baking competition. She was nervous about winning. But luckily she won first place. Allie got a ribbon. She was beaming with happiness.
Gregg hated going from foster home to foster home. So when he finally found one he liked, he wanted to stay. He brought it up to his foster parents one day. They carefully considered the options and decided to adopt him. When they told Greg he cried because he had a forever home.
Nate is the first chair trumpet player. He sprains his ankle in marching band. The band is in disarray without his talents. A freshman pushes Nate around in a chair. The band sounds great again.
Blair was embarrassed of her stained rug. She wanted the rug to be spotless. She bought a steam cleaner at the store. She cleaned her rug spotless. Her rug is now stain free.
Cory always wants OJ first thing in the morning. He went upstairs to the fridge. While grabbing the OJ, the bottle slipped right through his hands. Broken glass and spilt OJ were all over the floor. Cory was not happy having to clean up his mess this early.
Tim was switching planes in Atlanta. But then he found his flight was delayed. Tim was unhappy, but the airline offered him an upgrade. Tim got to fly the rest of the way in first class! He decided the delay had been worth it.
I had to go to the dentist yesterday. I brushed my teeth vigorously right before the appointment. The dentist said my teeth looked clean, but I had a cavity. I got a filling and the cavity is fixed. I cannot eat anything for 3 hours until the filling is settled.
Doug thought a scary movie would make a great first date. He pictured his date jumping into his arms out of fright. Doug chose a new slasher film for the big night. When a gory scene came on screen, the date threw up in Doug's lab. They left the theater and Doug drove the girl straight home.
After Hannah placed the chicken in the oven, she closed it. Since she forgot to remove the mitten from the oven, it got burned. In addition, it started a fire. Hannah took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames. It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department.
Little alice was a lazy child. She wanted to go to the store. It was right around the block. Still she didn't want to walk. Eventually she convinced her mom to carry her.
Bobby got homework. Bobby didn't like homework. His parents made him do it. Bobby got the homework done really late. Bobby had to go to sleep as soon as he finished.
Sam saw cockroaches in his apartment. So he called an exterminator. Sam returned to his apartment after the exterminator finished. There were no more cockroaches. Sam was happy with the service that the exterminator provided.
Michael liked being on time for work. He left his house early for traffic. When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed. He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late. Michael was so embarrassed about being late to work.
Evan was having a birthday. He picked up donuts to take to class the next day. He shared the donuts with the other students. They all wished him a happy birthday. Evan was happy that he had spent his birthday with his friends.
Jill and Samantha wanted to go to the mall. They needed a ride but both of their moms were busy. They could take the bus but had never done it before. They decided to take the bus for the first time. They made it to the mall and were both happy at their new freedom.
Jamie had a hunger for chocolate cake. Jamie looked up a recipe online for chocolate cake. Jamie went to the store to purchase all the ingredients she needed. Jamie mixed all the ingredients and baked the cake. Jamie ate a big piece of chocolate cake.
Ann loved to work on puzzles and quizzes. Her friends often gave her puzzles for her birthday. This year, she had a big birthday party, with lots of gifts. All of the gifts were puzzles! Ann now had so many puzzles, she thought she'd never finish them all.
Jerry always wanted to go to college. The only thing stopping him was his father. His dad wanted him to work after high school, but Jerry didn't agree. He proved to his dad that going to school was important. Jerry went to and through college and has a stable job.
Bobby sought the best steakhouse in town. He brought his friend Steve along to test different places. The pair disagreed about which place was best. Bobby and Steve had to alternate places each outing. Neither of them were overly happy about the compromise.
I work in a really busy office overseeing multiple people. My laziest employee came to me to complain about being behind. While I was working, I watched them have a 45 minute conversation. When I asked him why he isn't doing his work, he shrugged. I'm probably going to have to end up firing this guy.
Micah wanted to make a smoothie. They got some bananas and strawberries and put them in a blender. Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice, but there wasn't any! Thinking resourcefully, Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer. Soon, they were enjoying a delicious strawberry-banana milkshake!
Tom had an extensive baseball card collection. He showed it off often. One day a card was missing. Tom freaked out over it. He was never able to find it again.
Betsy heard a buzzing. It was her dreaded alarm clock! She dragged herself out of bed. She started to make breakfast and some coffee. Then she noticed her alarm had gone off an hour early!
During a big snow storm, I woke up one night. My neighbor's cat was screaming to get in. After half an hour my neighbor didn't open her door. As the cat was still screaming for help, I went downstairs. My neighbor opened the door, she screamed at me, and left the cat out.
Peggy was a very average woman. She always thought very little of herself. One day Peggy bought a lovely black dress. When she would were it she would glow with self-confidence. Peggy wore the dress to impress her crush and it worked!
I live near one of the Great Lakes. Because of all its open water, the Lake causes strange weather. Last spring, a great windstorm blew straight across the Lake. The windstorm blew a tree down on top of our house. The crash of the tree was so loud that it woke us all up!
Jasper was the hardest worker at the mill. While other workers would take Sunday off, Jasper always worked. One Sunday, Jasper decided he needed a day off too. He had a great day fishing and eating fried cheese curds. From that day on, Jasper decided he would always take Sunday off.
Morgan was an average warrior. He trained very hard to beat his rival. One day he got into an accident and could train no more. So he went to therapy and never gave up. And like a dream he won a championship.
It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm. Erin left to the store to buy a fan. Many of the fans were expensive, but Erin bought one anyway. Erin went home and turned his fan on, but it burned out. Erin had to go to the store and get his money back.
Tommy's mom brought him to the library. He tried to decide on a book. There were two books he really wanted to read. Tommy's mom allowed him to check out both books. Tommy left the library happy.
Charlie wanted to go see a broadway musical. He was in New York and had heard great things about Hamilton. He loved history and hip hop. The tickets were a thousand dollars a piece. Even with the high price tag the play was completely worth it.
Timmy would always trick his friends and family. Timmy would make his friends and family think he was in danger. One day Timmy was helping his father unload a truckload of chickens. A Timmy was unloading the chicken one of them decided to attack him. Jimmy cried for help but no one came to help him.
Pamela bought a tablet. As she didn't know how to download applications, she didn't use it. She left it on her shelf for six months. When she remember she had it, she looked online on who to use it. After an hour, she could finally download games and was glad.
Joanne was spending her summer volunteering at an animal reserve. The Australian outback was hot and unforgiving,but she loved the work. One day, a young kangaroo got loose from the preserve! Joanne acted quickly, using her rope skills to tie a lasso. She was able to capture and return the joey unharmed.
Mom wanted a family picture. She asked her kids to be at the photographer's studio on time. They all showed up. They all coordinated what to wear. For once, they finally had a new family picture.
Bryce found a cat near his house. The cat appeared hungry and scared so he fed the cat. He put up posters for the cat but no one responded. Finally he resigned to being a cat owner. Bryce was glad he found the cat.
Sally liked to yo-yo. She was very good at it. She was doing it one day when it happened. The yo-yo broke off its string and flew across the room. It hit her pet cat which now stays far away from Sally.
Joe's parents went out, leaving him home alone. He was going to watch his favorite movie. He put a pot of oil and popcorn kernels on the stove. It popped and popped and popped all over the floor! He made sure to clean up the mess before his parents got home.
Jed followed the instructions to compile Chromium OS. He did everything Google's developer page said to. When Jed tried to run the QEMU image, it wouldn't work. Jed spent days on it, getting angrier and angrier. Finally he gave up, and learned to love Windows.
Paula poured a beer for her customer. The foam of the beer filled half of the glass. Paula looked at it and thought that it was okay. She served it to the guest. The guest refused to take it until she added more beer.
Stan was an avid golfer. He went to the putting range every day. However, his swing needed work. Stan finally hired a pro to help him. Stan's swing improved and he won his first tournament.
Tim bought a bracelet. He didn't know who he should give it to. He could give it to his mom. He could give it to his sister. Tim finally decided he would just keep the bracelet for himself.
Cathy was getting ready for her daughter's wedding. She was running around making finishing touches. Then, she noticed some unbalanced flowers. She picked through them and rearranged them. When she was done, they all looked great.
My 16 year old grandniece She got her first job ever this year. She got a job in a local supermarket. She began bagging, but is now handling the cash register. Her mother does not have a great job, my grandniece was happy. We told Sia we were very proud of her.
The man jumped in the river. The river carried him downstream. He floated over a current. He paddled to the shore. The man wondered where he had jumped in at.
Zach had a project due. He wrote the due date in his planner. He got to school on Wednesday and began reviewing his week. His classmates were turning in their projects. Zach had written the due date on the wrong day.
Lawrence was outside playing some basketball. The game intensified and Lawrence was in a zone. Lawrence was driving hard to the basket. He jumped to go dunk the basketball. Lawrence missed the dunk and broke his leg into pieces.
Emma is a mother of 3 children. Every school year she took a first day of school picture. She did this for 10 years straight and never missed a year. But last week she was in a rush and forgot to take the picture. Emma was very sad about missing a year of her picture tradition.
Wayne loved cats. He always wanted to get a cat when he was young. Since he moved into an apartment by himself, he planned to get one. He spoke to his landlord about this. Unfortunately, Wayne wasn't allowed and has to now wait longer.
My sister in law's son moved to the suburbs. She wants to visit, but hates highway driving. I told her the commuter rail train stops five minutes away. She told me she does not like mass transit. I told her the train was comfortable, to no avail.
Bob was always upset about his looks. So he saved up money to get plastic surgery. He had his large nose nose shrunk. But he still wasn't happy. Bob ended up getting plastic surgery 20 more times.
Patricia was talking to her mother on the phone. Then she heard a loud noise and her mother stopped talking. Patricia rushed to her mother's house. Her mother was on the floor unconscious. Patricia called an ambulance and they rushed to the hospital.
John heard a talent competition was coming to town. He took his dog to the auditions. John and his dog did some amazing tricks for the judges. The judges told John they couldn't allow an animal in the show. John took his labrador home, watching the talent show on TV.
The family decided to camp out in the backyard. They spent an hour setting up the tent. When it was up, they put their sleeping bags inside. It immediately started to rain. The family decided to run back inside.
Bianca had a very bad cold. She texted her friend Sally to tell her about it. Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup. Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup. She felt a lot better after eating and was thankful for Sally's visit.
Tom got invited to a formal party. He needed a suit. Tom went to a suit store . He found himself a very nice suit. He drove too the party .
Johnny Boy always dreamed to run a marathon. He woke up every morning at 4 am to train. He'd run, swim, and bike for hours and hours. Finally the day arrived that Johnny Boy would run his marathon. Thanks to his hard work Johnny Boy got first place!
Igor found the thought of packing his house daunting. It was just him and the house was big. Igor entertained the notion of just setting it all on fire. The fact that there was a burn ban on gave him pause. Igor decided to start packing, one piece at a time.
Every weekend the Jefferson's go to the park. They love cooking hotdogs and hamburgers at the park. Once, they had over 200 people at their barbecue! Sadly, Mr Jefferson had a heart attack and passed away. Every year the Jefferson's have a barbecue to remember him.
Jordan and his girlfriend of three Year's decided to move in together. They figured since they love each other, this will be the next step. As soon as they settled in, things were going down hill. She complained about dishes, he complained about his privacy. In the end, they decided to break up and move on.
Marc was taking a cigarette break during a long shift at work. He tried to unlock his car but realized his keys were inside it. He waited for 2 hours for someone from AAA roadside assistance. The AAA person said that they couldn't help him. He had to pay a locksmith 200 dollars to unlock his car.
Louis attended a party for his classmate John. At the party, there was a delicious plate of cookies. Though they were John's cookies, Louis kept eating them. When people took note, Louis began secretly hoarding them instead. Louis greatly enjoyed the party and left with pockets full of cookies.
Kate had had a very long month. She had studied and taken exams for weeks straight. Finally it was summer vacation! Kate gladly turned in her books and schoolwork. Then she spent eight happily weeks lazily enjoying her summer!
Aya was practicing to make balloon animals. At first she could only blow a straight balloon. Then she became able to twist balloons into dogs and horses. She even made a balloon shaped like a fish for her nephew. Aya was so proud of her newfound ability!
He worked outside, even when it was cold. Even dressed warmly, he still sometimes got really cold. His hands would feel numb and his nose would burn. However, he loved it when he got home. After being cold all day, the warmth felt so good.
Sara was excited about the big dance at school. She started to get ready early in the day. She put on her make and did her hair. Then she put on her new dress. Sara went to the dance and had a great time.
Kate wanted to contribute to the school's literary journal. She wrote a story and submitted it. The editorial board decided against using Kate's story. Kate later applied to become an editor for the journal. She was also rejected from contributing in this way.
Susie was driving to work today. There was a lady hour who had cut her off. Susie got so mad. She started yelling at her. But then she realized it was pointless and just focused on the road.
Amy went to work like any other day. Oddly her badge didn't work. She was escorted to a meeting room. Management came in and told Amy her department was laid off. Amy was handed a box of belongings from her desk and sent home.
Kia's dog ran away. She was heartbroken. She put up signs all over. Soon a neighbor returned her dog. Kia was so grateful!
A man was walking down an alley. He was enjoying the relaxing walk. He suddenly smelled an awful stench. He wondered what caused the smell. He looked around and saw there was garbage nearby.
Brad and Art had a baseball and wanted to play. But neither boy had a bat! Lacking funds, they cast about for a solution. Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead. The branch worked just as well as a real bat!
Anna found the perfect dress for the prom. She didn't have enough money, so she put the dress on layaway. Anna's best friend came by, excited because she also found a dress. Anna's heart sank when she saw it was the same dress. She went back to the store, and took the dress off of layaway.
Larry noticed that his faucet wasn't working. So he tried to fix it himself. He ended up making the problem worse. Eventually, he called a repairman. But it would have cost half as much if he never touched it.
Nicky hadn't come up with a name for her baby yet. Now she was out of time. The nurse impatiently waved the birth certificate in front of her. Nicky frantically tried to come up with something, anything at all. She named her daughter Siemens.
Jacob loved playing video games. He spent lots of money buying the latest games. He was very good at a few and was offered a sponsorship. Jacob wasn't sure but decided to take the offer. He wound up making millions playing video games.
Ricki signed up to take lifeguarding class to help her pool. She found out she had to take a pretest before she could sign up. She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping. She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater. And she had to tread water for 3 minutes in the deep end.
We boarded the military truck. We were handed a bunch of paint balls. We loaded them into our pretend guns. We rode through the forest, shooting men dressed as zombies. We laughed and enjoyed the ride.
Every year the town has a Christmas parade. This year, I was invited to be the Grand Marshall. I have not been in a parade in Years. I picked out my outfit and had my hair done. It was so fun waving and seeing everyone.
My daughter lives in NYC and we live in Boston. Today our son is driving to a WWE fight in Brooklyn. He is planning a surprise visit. He is going to knock on her door in Queens. We think she will be shocked.
We decided to skip the eggs this year. We bought a bag of jumbo marshmallows. We dipped them in various colors of food dye. We made them all pastel colors. We hid them in large plastic eggs.
I decided to go to the barber shop. My friend noticed me immediately and decided to cut my hair. When he asked me what type of haircut I wanted, I barely said anything. He recommended a hairstyle to me. After doing his recommendation, I thanked him for his kindness.
A friend emailed me that they needed to go to the store. I replied that I would pick them up in about an hour. The friend replied that they needed to go right away. I then told them I'd pick them up in 5 minutes, and to be ready. I grabbed my car keys, picked them up, and took them to the store.
Kay went to the store to buy groceries for a special dinner. When she arrived, she realized she had forgotten the shopping list. She debated whether she should go back to get the list or not. Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it. With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect.
Amy and her family went out to eat. It was Amy's idea to celebrate since she made the volleyball team. Her little brother wanted to go to Chili's. Her dad reminded him it was Amy's night, so it was Amy's choice. Amy decided they were going to Brick Oven Pizza.
Jane had convinced her family to eat tofu. She decided next to convince them to drink wheatgrass. They all looked at the cups of green drink in horror. Her daughter tasted it, and spit it out. One by one they all poured it down the drain.
Cheryl liked to suck her thumb for attention and to be different. She'd shove it all the way into her mouth to disgust people near her. No one could make her stop no matter how uncomfortable she made them. A fire alarm went off in the building and startled Cheryl. Her jaws snapped shut and cut half her thumb all the way off!
William was driving to work. He was driving fast because he was late. The car in front of him stopped suddenly. William's car smashed into the back of it. Fortunately no one was hurt.
Lucy went to the ranch. She tried throwing an axe at the bullseye. On her first try she succeeded. There was applause. Lucy bowed.
Pete loved watching movies. He found his favorite one on Netflix. He watched it three times in a row one night. Pete decided to try the sequel next. He loved everything by that director!
Ellie told her best friend a secret about her crush. She trusted her friend not to tell anybody. However, her friend told two other people about her secret. Eventually, Ellie's crush learned the secret, too. Ellie was too embarrassed to go to school that next day.
When Kim was ten months old, she experienced snow for the first time. Her mother carried her into the backyard, where everything was white. Kim was lowered onto the ground, into a big snow pile! Her mother encouraged her to touch the snow. She did, and started to cry, it was too cold!
Ben has had bad eyesight all his life. He wore glasses when he was 3 up until high school. In high school, he switched to contacts. Ben's contacts always caused him irritation. After college, Ben was able to receive Lasik surgery.
We visit our daughter and her family in NYC on occasion. Our son drives us there from Boston and back. One day my wife's sister hinted she would like to go with us. My wife said we could arrange that. It will be a crowded ride.
I remember when i was in high school i hate wearing uniform. I always bring with me extra shirt to wear. I remove my uniform when our strict teacher was not around. But on our class picture day i was the only one who's not in uniform. So i learned my lesson,always wear school uniform.
I was watching the Red Sox-Yankees game last night. They were leading 2-1 in the seventh. The Yankees scored two runs on an error. I was so disgusted I slapped my thigh. The next morning I had a sore leg.
Our neighbor Julia invited us to attend a concert. Her husband is a music teacher at the Boston Conservatory. The orchestra played Baroque music. They performed two Bach cantatas. We thoroughly enjoyed the performance.
When mike was little he had a pet chicken. He nurtured it from a chick. He lived on a farm with different animals but that was his favorite. When it got too big the family decided to eat it. Mike was the one that had to kill and prepare it.
It was the first day of the school and Bob was nervous. He rode the school bus for the first time and met a new friend. When he got there there were teachers everywhere helping the new kids. Bob's teacher was so nice and made everyone feel welcome. Bob was excited to go to school after that.
Red's dad was a very successful business owner. He owned the world's most famous coffee shop. Red hoped one day he would be left the company. When his father died unexpectedly he assumed he would take control. To his family's surprise his father left the business to his mistress.
Colton didn't believe in pure pressure. He thought it was all in your will and drive. That was until he met Anna. She was so beautiful, but she had a drug problem. It took asking two times for Colton to become addicted.
I played some video games with friends. We played a very close game of NBA 2k16. The game went back and forth. I hit a buzzer beater to win the game. I dabbed in my friend's face.
Robert had so much homework he didn't know how he would do it all. Angrily, he called his friends and cancelled plans to see a movie. He stayed up late but still didn't finish it all. He got up early to work on his English report. Later at lunchtime, he finished the rest of his work.
Bob worked in sales. Bob wanted to sale for his own company. He quit his job and made a start up. With due diligence, he was able to find a supplier. Bob now runs a successful firm.
The game was for the special needs children. They played kickball every saturday. The kids really enjoyed this game because it was cool outside. They ran and laughed and had a great time. They had no winners, but no one cared.
Bill fell off his bike and twisted his arm. He had lingering pain in his wrist, and had trouble working. Bill purchased a wrist brace from a local store. Bill put the brace on as instructed. The brace helped a lot, and Bill was able to work.
Beth was a single lady. She decided she wanted to meet new people. She joined online dating. She talked with many men. She began a monogamous relationship with one.
Lucy wanted to make some Popsicles. She got the juice ready for it. After she was done she took a taste. It was delicious. Only problem was she ended up spilling it on herself.
Emily was going on a first date with a boy she liked a lot. She was really nervous that she would say something stupid. She saved some talking points just in case. To her delight the conversation flowed naturally with ease. The date went better than Emily ever could have expected.
Ryan was a computer repair man. One day a woman came in and said that her computer wouldn't turn on. He took it inside and realized that her power button was broken. He replaced the button and charged her $100 for the simple repair. The woman happily paid when her computer turned on again.
Jerry wanted to ask his neighbor out for a date. He was very afraid of rejection. He got his friend to ask her out for him. The girl agreed to the date. Jerry was super happy.
The score was tied in a soccer game. Bill had the ball and ran toward the other team's goal. Bill took a long shot at the net. The goalie dove at the ball but missed. The ball bounced off the post and flew out of bounds.
Doug was a dreamer. He had a good voice for singing. One day Doug decided to enter a local talent contest. Doug went on stage and sung country music. Doug won the crowd over and won the contest.
Before I went to sleep, I searched the cabinet for medications. I accidentally took my mom's iron pills. As a result, I woke up next morning with a headache. My mom had to rush me to the hospital. I received several medications in order to heal myself.
Geena has a bunch of glow sticks. Her friend Tom said they should have a party. She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party. They danced all night long. It was a great party.
Tom's high school soccer team was terrible. They had a large rivalry with another local school. They hadn't won in years. Tom was able to lead his team to victory. He became high school hero for years.
I didn't know that dogs couldn't eat large amounts of garlic. I had made some garlic chicken for my dog. Alas, he fell sick! I took him to the hospital. Alas, he died because of my ignorance.
Gabi had been chosen to be a flower girl for her cousin. Her mother was proud, and planned to buy a beautiful dress. But Gabi fell in love with a princess costume at the mall. Her mother was hesitant, but Gabi insisted that was her dress. In the end she was a hit, with everyone agreeing she was adorable.
Matt purchased a fresh pair of shoes from the store. He placed the shoes on before leaving the place. Someone bumped into Matt while he was walking. He ended up falling into a fountain. His shoes got soaked.
Daisy decided that she wanted to make some cookies. She began placing the ingredients onto the kitchen counter. Daisy began mixing milk and sugar into a bowl. She opened up the egg carton and realized she didn't have enough eggs. Annoyed, she put everything away and left the kitchen.
Bob's roommate Jim was a smoker. Jim like to smoke in the house. Bob was really annoyed because he had a smoke allergy. Bob would cough whenever Jim smoked. Bob politely asked Jim to stop smoking in the house.
My sister in law is selling things on eBay. I listed items on my site for her. She agreed to ship sold items. She had trouble getting shipping boxes. I gave her several boxes used for books I bought on Amazon.
John had his first trip to the Philippines. He went to Baguio city to visit their tourist spots. He went to wright park to try horse riding. He also tried to wear igorot costumes and took pictures. After that he decided to check-in in a hotel and had a rest.
The friends drove across the border to buy a bunch of fireworks. They drove home and set them all up. That night, they had a huge party. They lit the sky up with all their fireworks. It was a beautiful sight and a fun time!
Sam was in an accident. It left him unable to work. He wasn't able to pay his medical bills. Sam quickly went broke. He had to file for bankruptcy.
I had to try out for the ensemble at church. They wanted to know my range. I switched to falsetto. They wanted me to switch back. My range was a low F to an E on the second ledger.
My friends realized we had nothing to do after lunch on Saturday. We decided to take a road trip. Erin had never been to New York. We drove to New York. We drove back the next day so we could make it back for school.
Jason loved driving his expensive car at ridiculous speeds every day. He didn't care much for the outcome of a crash if it did occur. One day he was speeding at 100 miles an hour in a 65mph zone. A motorcycle police officer pulled him over and demanded his license. Jason was arrested for driving really bad and never drove fast again.
Kate and her friend Jan were school shopping. Jan bought 2 shirts for $20 each. She still had $60 left. Kate only had $20 total. Kate simply pretended she didn't like any of the shirts they saw.
Matt wanted to learn more about human anatomy. He decided to look online and buy several books on the subject. Matt joined online forums dedicated to medical knowledge. He found that remembering the information came easy to him. Matt decided to enroll in a healthcare program at a local college.
Bob was going sledding down the hill in his backyard. He gained speed the further down he went. He hit a large snow pile. Bob flew in the air! Bob landed safely in a pile of fluffy snow.
I woke up early this morning. Bleary eyed and tired, I poured myself a bowl of cereal. I walked to the refrigerator to get the milk. There was no milk. I skipped breakfast and added milk to the shopping list.
I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse. It was the controller on a 1930s trolley. I put it up for sale on eBay. I made $59. I went back to the carhouse but found nothing else.
Johnny set out to make a nice dinner. He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables. He put them in the slow cooker in the morning. In the evening, he pulled out the chicken and vegetables. He shared the meal with his wife, and they enjoyed it a lot.
The dog was beginning to have her yearly blowout. The fur was getting into all the carpets and on the furniture. Any wind or petting made gobs of fur go everywhere. I took her to a see a groomer. The groomer cleaned her up, leaving a shining, pretty dog.
Lesley caught a ball with her mitt. She threw the ball to second base. The man at second base dropped the ball. The man at second base was safe. His team won the game.
The ride to my house was exhausting. My family was coming home from a vacation in another state. Overall, the ride took several days. We stopped at a few plazas to eat and use the bathroom. Eventually, we reached our house.
Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her. He was hesitant to ask her. He thought for sure she would refuse him. Finally, he built up his courage and proposed. And to his shock and joy, she accepted!
Kim was watching cartoons when the commercial break came. There was a commercial for a new movie Home Alone. The commercial made the movie look exciting. Kim begged her mother to take her to see the movie. Kim was sad when her mother said they couldn't go.
Josh broke up with his girlfriend. Lonely, Josh decided to adopt a dog. Training the dog took a lot more time than Josh had thought. Josh began to worry he wouldn't have time to date again. His fears disappeared when he met the perfect girl at the dog park.
Joe was new to the farm. He bought a hog and put it in its pen. Joe learned how to feed it and care for it. Once it was fat, he took it to the market. He sold it for a lot of money and then bought more hogs.
Angie and Kim had been best friends since they were kids. When they were teens they grew distant because of another girl. The new girl took up a lot of time so Angie let Kim go. Kim began to see how much the new friend interfere with others. Kim and Jen parted ways and Angie and Kim started hanging out again.
There was a heavy guy with a big beard. A girl said she would date him if he trimmed it. He went right away to a barber. The barber tried to trim it but it was too thick. The guy remained lonely to this day.
It was late summer and I decided to go on a yacht party with my friend The boat was filled with about ten other friends. As soon as we got on the boat it was so much fun. We had a great dinner and swam. I could not wait to get back on the yacht.
Marie's pet goldfish died. Her parents wanted to spare her this knowledge. They quickly bought her a new goldfish. The new goldfish was a different shade of yellow. Marie noticed but said nothing.
Tom's family was going on vacation. A day before the trip Tom became ill. He had a bad case of the flu. The family decided to cancel their vacation. Tom felt really bad about it.
Tim always neglected feeding his dog. So it was constantly hungry. When it was Tim's birthday party, his dog was looking for food. It decided to devour Tim's birthday cake. But Tim only punished and neglected his dog even further.
Billy knew he needed to shoot. He readied to throw the ball into the hoop. The clock was ticking down. He shot the ball. The ball went in!
Brad came back into box office. He was carrying a hot cup of coffee. He tripped on an orange extension plug. His coffee spilled on me. I hopped all over the place since the coffee was hot.
Anne woke up with a terrible headache. She had been up late the night before studying for a big test. Anne looked in her bathroom for some pain killers. When she couldn't find any, she asked her roommate for medicine. Anne's roommate gave her two tylenols to help with her headache.
I was happy when the Bruins won the Stanley Cup in 1972. I went to the parade afterward. I saw one of the Bruins only five feet away. His car went over my foot. I was not hurt as the car was going slowly.
Mimi ate at Chipotle on Friday. She enjoyed her favorite meal of a burrito bowl. After she ate she went home to nap. When she woke up she was feeling terrible. Mimi realized she had contracted the e coli bacteria.
Tim's girlfriend wasn't very jealous. He was always playfully flirting with other girls. One time a girl got upset and tried to get him in trouble. She told Tim's girlfriend about it. Tim's girlfriend didn't really care.
Lian walked to his mailbox to get the mail. He came across a $100 bill lying on the floor. He picked it up and went inside. His mom got mad and asked him to return it. He told her that it's impossible since there's no name on it.
Jeremy bought the new black sabbath album He sat in his room and turned off the lights He lit candles to set a mood He listened to the album the whole way through He loved it
Kim was having a kid. She didn't know the sex. Her doctor offered to tell her. Kim agreed to it. She was happy with the response.
Jim and Mary took a walk together at night. They had been dating for a few weeks so this wasn't a new activity. All of a sudden a clown burst out of a building shouting run! They ran away from the clown and the building as it crumbled. They were afraid of clowns after that.
The plane trip was so scary. As we went up I felt my heart pumping heard. As the ride went on it felt smoother. I ended up falling asleep. When the ride was over I woke up.
Tim really loved his old sofa. It was soft and squishy in the right ways. His girlfriend and other friends didn't. They thought it was lumpy and smelled bad. Eventually they convinced him to get a new one.
Tim liked going to the zoo. He really enjoyed looking at the tigers. One day, Tim jumps the barrier to get a closer look by the fence. The zookeeper saw him and shouted at him to move quickly. Luckily, Tim heard this warner before the tiger got close.
Amber and her family were going on a trip. She found out someone else was going that she hated. They decided not to go. Everyone was mad that they backed out. Amber didn't care, and refused to back down.
A severe thunderstorm warning was just declared in our area. Heavy winds moved many tall trees across the street from us. I saw small branches falling off. Leaves were swirling in the air. Luckily, there was no lightning or thunder.
Tim woke up feeling very tired. He didn't have the motivation to go to work. His friend gave him an energy drink. Tim felt much more awake. Tim was able to finally go to work.
Tony and Mary decided to vacation for Christmas last year. They flew to Cancun and stayed in a resort there. They sat on the beaches drinking margaritas most days. They relaxed and enjoyed the warm sun. They had so much fun that they decided to make this a tradition.
Quinn was dining with his wife at a restaurant. They both noticed another diner being rude to their waiter. They both felt bad for the hard-working waiter. They guessed that the difficult diner probably wouldn't tip well. When Quinn paid for their meal, he tipped much more than usual.
Andrea's dad asked her to get firewood. She went downstairs and then outside. In the back yard, there was a pile of wood. She grabbed a few logs. Then, she brought them inside.
Susan had a new phone. She was walking in the woods one day. She lost her phone. She got upset. Then she found it later.
I bought some bread. I didn't realize it had mold. I ate it regardless. I became very sick. I sued the supplier and won a nice amount of money.
Every summer we drove to the beach with all the kids. We had lots of kids and very little money. We stayed in some very run-down places, and ate cheap food. The kids are all grown and the money is more plentiful. I do so miss those good old days.
George was an electrician. One day he accidentally shocked himself while working. George died. George's family was so sad that he had an accident. Now no one in George's family wants to be an electrician anymore.
I took my first plane ride today. We boarded the plane and got in our seats. I was so nervous as I buckled my seat belt. The plane shook as it rose into the air. I loved seeing all the fluffy clouds in the sky.
Charles knew the auto warranty industry was not for him. But it was easy money. He walked into Patriot Shield, a warranty service, and was hired. After two weeks they moved Charles to a new department. His manager was the fat and stinky black girl he didn't want to know.
Charles didn't like how his preacher skipped around the Bible. Charles thought the Bible should be read from beginning to end. He made a plan to read the whole Bible in 30 days. He read in the day and listened to Bible readings on youtube at night. He read through the Bible in 30 days and impressed his preacher.
Maria was at the grocery store. Suddenly, she saw a man grab a young girl. He held a knife up to her and demanded some things. No one knew what to do to keep the girl safe. Luckily, someone grabbed the guy from behind and freed the girl.
Omar went to visit his dad for a week in Asia. He loved the sights and smells of the exotic foreign country! When he returned home, he kept thinking about Asia. Finally, he thought of a way to return. Omar flew back to Asia the next year as an exchange student!
Stella had decided she needed to quit smoking. But quitting cold turkey didn't work, and she needed help. Then she heard about nicotine replacement patches. The patches helped her gradually break her addiction. In just a few months, she was totally smoke-free!
Jill was cooking spaghetti. She was making the sauce from scratch. As she was mixing the ingredients, she got distracted. Jill served the food to her family. When she took a bite, it was awful.
Jane wanted to buy a gun. She wanted to get experience with one first. She went to her local shooting range. There she tried several and learned about them. Jane eventually picked out one that was perfect for her.
Lyle was about to graduate high school. He was going to be going to college. Lyle still didn't have a roommate for college. His cousin was going to be going to the same college. Lyle and his cousin decided to room together in college.
Brandon was seven years old and needed to see a dentist. He had a cavity. Brandon thought the procedure would hurt but not a lot of pain. He discovered the pain was unbearable. When he ran out of medicine, he moaned and groaned in pain.
Tom bought an expensive watch. He tried to get it appraised. The appraiser told him it was a fake. Tom tried to call back the seller. Unfortunately the number was disconnected.
Tom was in a popular garageband. He was made several offers to ditch the other members. Tom decided to take one of them. The others called him a sellout. Tom didn't care because of how much money he got.
The Johnson's had a beach picnic. They decided to play a friendly game of beach volleyball. They set up the net on the sand. As the game went on, the tide started to rise. The Johnson's had to relocate due to high tide.
Charles didn't know how or when he'd pay his student loans. He owed more than thirty thousand dollars. But his jobs usually pay around ten dollars per hour. His new job pays twelve dollars per hour. Charles got his check and a hundred dollars were garnished for loans.
Jordan will be moving into her college dorm tomorrow. She spent most of today packing her things. Her mom took her to Target to buy new bed sheets. Jordan is excited to set up her dorm. Jordan's mom is happy to see her little girl grow up.
Zakesha begged her mom for a new perm. Her mom didn't have the money to spare but agreed anyway. Zakesha thought she looked better after receiving the perm. Zakesha met a new girl in school who'd never had a perm. Zakesha envied how good the new girl's natural hair looked.
Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day. He walked into the meeting room and found a seat. After a while, noticed that people were very cold and hostile. All of a sudden, a man began yelling at him about a school policy. This made Howard confused and uncomfortable, so he decided to leave.
Anna saw that one of her guppies was very fat, maybe pregnant. Sure enough, one morning she woke and saw a dozen babies in the tank! She carefully herded the fry into a net to keep them safe. They lived in the small breeder net until the grew much larger. Then Anna released them to rejoin their parents!
Jen climbed the ladder to the top of the platform. Once at the top, she peered cautiously over the edge. The height seemed much greater than it had from the ground. She considered climbing back down. Instead, she got up her courage and jumped into the water below.
The Smiths lived in a very cold area. It snowed one day and the kids were off of school. They went up the hill with sleds and threw snow at each other. They soaked their very slim jackets with cold water. The children returned home with a runny nose and shivers.
Abby and Beth decided to take a coast-to-coast road trip. They packed their suitcases and got in Abby's car. Abby's car was more reliable than Beth's, but had balding tires. Part Way through Wyoming, they hit black ice and slid across the road. Abby and Beth both died when their car was hit head-on by a semi.
Lucy wanted to cook the zucchini she picked from the garden. Her grandma helped her chop it into cubes. Lucy was scared of the oil in the skillet. She was brave so grandma wouldn't know. When they finished, she was just happy she hadn't burned herself.
I was spending a few days at my grandparents house. Their house was heated by a wooden stove. My grandma told me never to touch it, even if it did not look hot. I put my hand on the stove when she wasn't looking. I burned my hand and received little sympathy from my grandma.
Joaquin had always been afraid of farm animals. His friends and family teased him of this irrational fear. Finally Joaquin decided to visit an actual farm to face his fears. Joaquin decided to pet a goat at the farm. He was very proud that he had overcome his fear of farm animals.
Dan loved watching Olympic Fencing. Dan learned of an American Muslim fencer vying for gold. In addition, Dan learned she would be making history at the Olympics. Dan learned the fencer would be the first to wear a hijab. Dan could not wait to see the history fencing match with her.
John was awakened by a phone call. Answering, John realized it was his buddy, Rich. Rich said he was stranded on a highway just outside of town. John drove out to pick up Rich. John drove Rich home, where they both fell asleep on the couch.
Judy was a baker. Her favourite thing to make was puff pastry. Every time she made a new batch, they sold out very quickly. Once, a local foodie tried her puff pastry. He said it was the best he'd ever had.
Tom was bothered by his dry eyes. He did not know what to do. He asked his friend for help. His friend suggested buying eye drops. Tom bought the drops and solved his problem.
Brad watched a documentary on body building last night. He decided he wanted to become a bodybuilder himself. He went out and bought all the books and workout magazines he needed. He wrote out a three year plan to transform his body. He is excited to start his new adventure!
My sister is going to have a baby. She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl. The doctor wrote it on a piece of paper to give to the baker. When we cut the cake, the inside was pink. It's a girl!
Lynda packed up her belongings. She'd won a house and was moving to another state. Upon arrival, she was hit with a rather sudden realization. She owed property taxes, and had to pay up front! Lynda  protested, but ended up paying them all.
Vickie told her friend not to throw the ball in the house. Her friend threw the ball and broke a light shade. Vickie was very angry. Her friend went home very sad. Vickie called and apologized to her friend.
Leah and her friends had a band. They decided they wanted to perform in a competition. They practiced for weeks and weeks. When the competition came, they were better than anyone else. They won the competition!
John was driving a car on the highway. He looked at his cellphone. John hit someone's car. Both John and this other person were injured. Both people went to the paramedics.
Jack was tired of always getting bullied. He was small for his age, and not very strong. He decided to join a boxing team at his local gym. He trained hard and ended up becoming very good. The next time a bully started in on him, Jack knocked him out.
Alberto Spangletini was a drywall hanger for a construction company. He'd always felt self-conscious about doing manual labor. His wife gave him some advice that helped him get over his negativity. Alberto went into work in the coming months with a new goal. He was ultimately rewarded with a promotion.
Slab Bulkhead was the unfortunate leader of an inner city gang. He was sent to prison for attempted murder. While behind bars he found God, but never stopped managing his gang. He used his influence to defend the neighborhood and fight crime. Slab was given an early release for his good behavior.
Lyra was addicted to drugs. She tried to quit frequently, but she always failed. Finally she decided to check into an intense rehab. There, she learned tips and tricks for staying sober. After leaving rehab, Lyra finally got clean for good!
Shawn had just moved into a new apartment. He was really enjoying the place for awhile. Soon, though, he started seeing patches of mold everywhere. He did his best to maintain things but the mold was unstoppable. Soon, he realized that this was a deep-rooted problem.
Sam's dog Rex escaped from their yard. Sam was distraught. He went out calling for Rex. Then he saw Rex come running up the street! Sam was so relieved, he almost cried!
I grew up watching the Garry Shandling show. I also saw a number of his standup comedy specials. Later in life I saw him in a number of movies. He was one of my favorite comedians. I was very sad when I learned he had passed away.
Tiffany bought a bookshelf from the store. In was in a giant heavy box. She didn't realize she'd have to put it together, though. She followed the instructions as best as she could. The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun.
We order takeout often from a restaurant nearby. The other day I ordered a sub. I told the clerk to not toast the bread. The sub came toasted. I did not want to wait, so I ate the sub.
I wanted a new job and decided to look online. I found out my favorite store was hiring. I filled out my application and crossed my fingers. A few hours later the manager called me in for an interview. I went to the interview and was hired immediately.
Seth's speciality was spaghetti. He loved to make it. One day he forgot to buy his seasonings. He had to come up with a new recipe. Luckily, it all worked out and tasted great.
Jerome arrived very late at the airport. He run to try to catch his plane. But it was already gone and he had to wait. He booked another flight for the night. And proceeded to sleep on a bench waiting for his next flight.
Phoebe was craving bananas. Phoebe got in her Honda Civic, and went to the grocery store. As she made her way through the produce section, she spotted a dog. Phoebe was confused by the loose dog in the store. Phoebe told the manager, and he quickly found the dog's owner.
Ronald was insecure so he always picked on other kids. He relentlessly teased a boy named Ed. Ed was sick of being tormented. As Ronald was walking by, Ed tripped him and Ronald fell. Ronald broke his arm, and Ed didn't feel guilty at all.
Amy wanted to learn how to draw. She asked her mother to show her to draw a woman. She practiced drawing for a week before giving up. She went to the kitchen for a snack. Her face lit up when she saw her drawings were on the fridge.
Jervis decides he wants to eat more fish. He goes to the fishmonger to buy a nice bass. He buys the bass and cooks it at home. Jervis likes the fish he cooked. He feels happy that he is eating more fish.
A large cold front blew into Ted's neighborhood. He kept the water running in his house to avoid a burst pipe. The weather was so cold his pipes burst anyway. Ted tried to fix the mess himself but the water was too cold. He called the water company and asked them to shut it off.
Rachel was used to using the virtual keyboard to type on her iPad. Yet she was finding it not usefully for writing essays. Rachel then proceeded to buy an actual Bluetooth keyboard. She looked through every store but couldn't find the right one. Finally she found the perfect keyboard on Amazon.
Deakins was installing a playground at an elementary school. He was told to use wood chips instead of rubber or sand for the floor. He did not have any wood chips in stock. He had to order them from out-of-town. The children went an extra two weeks without a playground due to this.
Paul wanted to see a baseball game. He asked his mother to take him. She said yes. Paul was very excited to go to the game. He even caught a foul ball!
Joy and her middle-aged pal were excited about going to a concert. They went to see a singer who was popular when they were teens. The women swooned as though the singer was still a heart-throb. After the concert, they saw the singer sitting in his dressing room. In front of him was a toupee and a set of dentures.
Joey was wearing his lucky socks. He did not want to take them off. He was afraid to lose his good luck! But after a week, his feet smelled awful. His mom made him change the socks.
I had ten thousand dollars. I decided to start a lawn care business. So, I leased a car and hired a friend to work with me. Our business was doing great! Soon, we became the best lawn care business in town.
Craig didn't like the smell of tuna. When they rented a room to Charles, he prepared a lot of tuna. Craig came home, smelled tuna and fussed at his wife. Craig removed all the can openers from the kitchen. Now Charles can't make tuna at home.
When I was a little boy a tropical storm hit my state. It went from a beautiful summer day to terrible storm very quickly. I had never seen that much rain in my entire life. I went outside and started using the streams of water as slides. When I got in a was covered with mud and got scolded by my mother.
Fred was supposed to go on a date with Gina. He looked at his watch. She was an hour late. He figured she would never come. He ended up being right and he never saw her again.
A couple of friends and I decided to go hiking. We went out to Mare Island to hike since it was close to us. We hiked all the way up to the highest point of the island. We were able to take a lot of great pictures while hiking. My friends and I plan on hiking up Mare Island again.
Tiffany bought a rice cooker to make healthy food. She skipped the directions and just winged it. She went and watched some television. The rice cooker's alarm went off. Tiffany put too much rice in the cooker, and rice was everywhere.
John wanted to take a road trip. He did not want to put the miles on his car. He thought his car might break down on the trip. He decided to rent a car. John had a wonderful trip and was happy with his decision.
Brad found a gold ring on the ground. He took it to a pawn shop. He was so eager to get money for it! But the shop owner frowned and said the ring wasn't real gold. Brad was so disappointed!
Gary needed extensive dental work. Gary knew he could not afford the cost of the dental work. After researching, Gary found a cheaper alternative. Gary saw that dental work in Mexico was much cheaper that the US. Gary decided he would go to Mexico to get his dental work done.
Olivia was a ballerina. Her dream was to dance internationally. One day, the opportunity for an audition came up. She went for it, and tried out. Amazingly, she won the part.
We went on Splash Mountain at Disney. It is one of the boys favorite rides. But halfway through the ride it stopped. We had to walk out through the back tunnels. It sucked that it broke but they gave us free passes for other rides.
It was almost time for Briana to start school. In order for her to get into Kindergarten she had to pass a test. Briana could do everything but spell her name. Her parents practiced with her everyday. Briana learned how to write her name in time to enter Kindergarten.
Orson almost missed school yesterday. His alarm clock went off, but he ignored it. He got out of bed, thirty minutes early. He was nervous he was going to miss school. He ended up missing his first and second classes.
I went hunting grouse one year. We built a hiding spot in the bushes. We sat there and froze for five hours. We shot one bird. I would have rather bought the bird at the store.
Jack has lost his cellphone. He has searched the entire house multiple times. Jack was beginning to worry that he might never find it. He pulled his phone out of his pocket to call the phone to find it. Jack suddenly realized what an idiot he had been.
Jennifer didn't like the summertime heat. It seemed to get hotter every day! Each day, she tried to devise a new way to stay cool. Today she and her friends went swimming. They felt like they could stay there forever.
Steve studied all night for an exam the next day. In the morning, he gulped coffee to stay awake for the test. By the time of the test, Steve was tired and jittery. The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes. Fifteen minutes into the test period, Steve had fallen asleep.
Mike took out some eggs and heated up a pan. While he waited for the pan to warm, he juggled with the eggs. After a few tosses he dropped an egg on the floor. Mike cleaned up the mess. By the time the floor was clean, the pan was ready.
John was excited to get a new 60 inch TV. He mounted the TV on his wall. As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV. The TV broken in a million pieces. John called his insurance company and was able to get a replacement.
Jenny had always loved airplanes. She would build model airplanes and watch documentaries. One day her father took her to a aeronautical museum. Jenny was in awe at all the examples of different airplanes. Jenny got to take home a brand new model for her collection.
Ben was at the arcade when he saw the claw game. A large crowd grew around the machine. He approached the crowd to investigate. A girl had been playing it for hours to no avail. Suddenly the claw grabbed a prize and the crowd cheered.
Tom loved Taylor Swift. He thought she was the greatest singer ever. He waited outside of a concert for hours to meet her once. She greeted him and signed an autograph. It was one of Tom's best nights.
Jessie lived next to the woods. One night she climbed out of her bedroom window. She crept into the woods behind her house. Jessie was startled by the shadow of an owl flying past her. She raced home and vowed never to go into the woods again.
Guy's television broke, and he needed a new one. He went to the electronics store down the road. He got advice from several people. He finally settled on a moderately sized affordable television. Guy was happy with his purchase.
James played hooky from school. He convinced his mom he was sick. He placed the thermometer near a lamp. He stayed home and watched tv all day. She never suspected anything.
Ben is a father of 2 young girls. He loves playing with them. Sometimes he throws them in the air. He hurt his back yesterday throwing his girls in the air. Ben is staying home from work because he can't move.
Freda has been out of work for some time. She had applied for many jobs and heard nothing back. Freda eventually gets tired of waiting around. She attends a job fair that came into her town. She got hired on the spot after months of no work.
I was obsessed with getting a perfect score in Wii bowling. I played so much I began seeing the game in my dreams. Finally, I thought of looking up a how-to video on Youtube. Sure enough, there was a video giving tips and tricks. The next day I bowled a 300 game!
Vincent had two dogs that always fought. He called the Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan to sort out their problems. Caesar said Vincent was the problem. He had Vincent assert his dominance. Vincent asserted his dominance right into Caesar's butt.
Carlos had a couple of friends over. They were hungry and wanted pizza. So Carlos called Pizza Hut and ordered two large pizzas. They arrived thirty minutes later. The pizza was good and everyone was satisfied.
Ed put up a tree all by himself. It was large tree. He put all his ornaments on it. And put all his lights on it. But the base could hold it and it fell down.
Mandy went to the eye doctor to get her eyes tested. The eye doctor said Mandy was short-sighted. He suggested that she should get glasses. Mandy picked her favorite glasses from the frames at the eye doctor's. Mandy was pleased with her new glasses.
Lucy was going to carve her first pumpkin. Her family was there to help. She made the design herself and began carving. The carving was tough. She finally finished and was very proud of her pumpkin.
The kids wanted a place to play with their friends. Their dad decided to build them a playroom. They added a futon for seating. Soon, the kids spent all their time sitting on the futon watching tv. They made a lot of memories on the futon.
Kent loved eating fish. Tuna fish sandwiches were his favorite. He would put lettuce and tomato on them. He packed one in his lunch. He snuck it at ten am because he loved them so much!
Neil had just arrived in Sicily. The ferry ride over had made him hungry! He stepped into a restaurant and ordered pasta. It was delicious, but it was unlike the sauce elsewhere in Italy. The sauce in Sicily was very spicy!
The knob broke into two pieces. It fell to the floor. He angrily tossed it into the trash. He went to the store to buy a new one. He found the cheapest one they had and bought it.
Gina and her friend Mary needed to research dolphins. But Mary had taken all of the books on them. Gina politely asked her to share the books. Mary gave Gina an odd look. She insisted she needed all the books to complete her research.
I love playing in the snow. My prefer game in the snow is football. It is interesting to play with people. You never know what is going to happened. Everyone either slips, fumble the ball or make themselves look bad.
Merci loves the show Walking Dead. It gives her nightmares though. She doesn't really care because she loves it so much! She just snuggles closer to her hubby afterwards. A little popcorn and her fav show is the ideal date night for them.
Kenneth always cheated in school and never got caught. One day, the teacher caught him copying his friend. The teacher called a conference with his parents. His parents decided to ground Kenneth. Kenneth learned that cheating is very bad.
Beth got out of bed, and noticed how nice it was outside. Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach. She packed her favorite beach towel, water, and snacks. Once Beth arrived at the beach, she realized she forgot her sunscreen! Luckily, her friend Jill was there, and let Beth use hers.
Andrew worked all of the time. He never took the time to start a family. One day he met a woman. Andrew then married her and it put everything in perspective for him. Andrew is now happy.
There was a child who couldn't read very well. The mother didn't know what to do. The father took him to the doctor. They told him he needed glasses. He got glasses and was reading better.
Bradley was walking through the snow with his friend. They were half-heartedly arguing when he shoved his friend. His friend fell into the snow and seemed very mad. Suddenly he began throwing snow at Bradley. An all out snow war ensued and the two stayed outside for hours.
Hector was late to his football match. He sped up on his bike but still arrived forty-five minutes too late. The game had started without him. He sat on a bench for the remaining two hours. And mollified, he made sure to be on time for the next game.
Teresa was very cold. She got the heaviest blanket she owned. She put it on top of her lap and huddled by the fireplace. She slowly started to warm up. Teresa was tired of winter!
Ben was trying to sneak behind Jane. When he got closer, he placed a cricket into her pants. She instantly freaked out and ran away trying to shake it off. Jane was mad at Ben and didn't talk to him. Eventually, Jane accepted his apology.
Kailey was pregnant and expecting any day. One morning her stomach began hurting. She was hoping it was time but wasn't sure. Instead of going to the hospital she took a bath. The water made her pain stop and she realized it was false labor.
Meisha checked into her hotel room. The room looked nothing like the picture. Meisha inquired about the rooms in the pictures. The hotel clerk informed her that the hotel used stock photos online. Meisha promptly requested a refund.
Bill put his dog in the fence and went out for the night. After a few drinks with friends, Bill headed home. He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy. Bill thought he must have drank too much himself. Then he saw the lawn was filled with half-eaten mushrooms.
Tom was using Facebook on a friend's computer. He forgot to logout. The friend decided to have fun before logging him out. He put some playful jokes on his page and a warning. Tom felt silly and made sure to log out more often.
George was starving at work. He knew he had brought an apple so he went for that. To his dismay, the apple looked completely foul. It was orange and wrinkly on one side. George threw it out and tried to ignore his hunger.
Phil took a vacation to Amsterdam. He loved art, and wanted to see the Van Gogh museum. He had to wait in line in the rain for over two hours. He finally got into the museum, and enjoyed every minute there. He decided to go again on his next trip to Amsterdam.
Sarah had been dating Rob for a month. She knew something was not quite right. It seemed like he was always preoccupied. She finally confronted him. She decided to breakup with Rob.
My favorite band released a new album and I was excited. I drove to the local record store with some money. When I walked in, I found the record and purchased it. I bought the CD back home, but the files on it were broken. I went back to the record shop, returned the CD and got a new one.
Joseph decided that he was going to walk across the country. He started slow, stopping in many towns along the way. In three months, Joseph made it halfway across the USA! He continued strong until he reached the west coast. When he was done, Joseph decided to walk back the other way.
I got food poisoning from a restaurant. I could barely remember the next 3 days. I was lying in bed and very ill. It took 2 months to get better. I ended up in the hospital to get healed.
I was at my in-laws' house for my kids' spring break. I survived the first weekend without much incident. I woke up on Monday to a chorus of hammers and saws. My in-laws had decided to start remodeling while we're there. Goodbye quiet and peaceful vacation.
Ken is driving home from the gym. He sees a deer in the road. He swerves out of the way to try and not hit it. He hits the deer anyways. He gets out to check on the deer, it ran off like nothing happened.
Bill sat in the coffee shop waiting for his friend Al. Al finally walked in an hour late. Bill gave him a hard time. Then Al reminded him that time had changed the night before. So in fact Bill had gotten there an hour early.
Timmy loved snow cones. He asked his parents for a snow cone maker for Christmas. He waited patiently all Christmas eve night. A large gift was waiting for him in the center of the room. He opened it quickly and smiled looking at his snow cone maker.
Chuck had made millions in his software company. He has a Christmas light display at his 22 acre home. It was featured on national TV but did not win the contest. He bought a drone and equipped it with a camera. The video from the drone of his 70 foot tall Christmas tree was great.
I had a friend who played violin, and I played piano. We decided to find something we could do together, so we looked online. We found a piece called Danse Macabre. After practicing for weeks, we finally had it ready. When we played in front of our friends, and they loved it.
The kids were making a fun snack. They made Jello and then cut shapes out of it. They jiggled it around while they ate. It was cold and yummy! They were proud that they'd made it on their own.
Jon decided to go to India. He saw lots of stray dogs. He decided to feed them. Alas, one of the dogs had rabies and bit Jon. Jon developed rabies and died.
Last Saturday my friends had plane rides scheduled for the morning. All the flights were very early, so they had to get up very early. None of them had rides to the airport, so they asked me to take them. I took my friends to the airport and we listened to music on the way. I dropped them off safely and they all made it on time!
Bob was listening to music in his car. He was playing the music extremely loud. The windows of his car vibrated violently. A police officer pulled him over for the loud music. He was issued a ticket for disrupting the general public.
When I was little, I really wanted a care bear. My favorite and the one I wanted, was a grumpy bear. We went to the neighbor's house for a christmas party. The man came out dressed as Santa Claus. He gave me a grumpy care bear from his bag.
Sam was worried about his Great Aunt Dot. She was forgetting to pay her bills. She also left the gas on. Sam convinced her to move to an assisted living home. Dot was a lot safer there, and made new friends.
Little Danny was worried about Christmas last year. He knew his daddy had lost his job. Danny hoped and hoped his family could still have a Christmas. On Christmas Eve, Danny heard interesting noises from downstairs. On Christmas morning, Danny awoke to presents and hot chocolate!
Jose and Jeff were friends and tried out for the basketball team. Jeff made the team and Jose did not due to his lack of skills. Jose was upset and Jeff wanted to do something to help. In his free time Jeff worked with Jose to improve his game. The next season both Jeff and Jose made the team together.
Henry was playing outside. When he tried to do a cool basketball trick, he fell on the ground. Although his back was sore, he was able to get home. However, he barely moved the next day. His mom had to take him to the hospital to seek treatment.
Kate did not know what to make her kids for dinner. She was almost out of food. Then she had an idea. She ordered a takeout pizza. The kids loved it!
Jennifer and Pete were going to celebrate. It was their second anniversary of being together. Pete decided to take her back to where they first met. They ate the same dinner and watched a movie. Ended it by walking her home and gave her a kiss at her door step.
Gina had been in Illinois for close to 2 weeks. She had recently gotten a phone card so she could call back home. She was able to speak with her friend 4 times. Then the card ran out of money. Gina felt as if she was alone again.
John decided to mow the grass on his yard. He turned on mower and started to mow. It went well till he did not reach the fence. There was a hidden stone around the fence. John broke his mower.
They said high school would be the best time of my life. I'm in my freshman year, first class of the year. I walk into class and four of my friends are in it too! This year is going to be so awesome. We are all trying out for the baseball team.
I really wanted to learn how to juggle. A few days ago I bought my own juggling set to practice. Juggling is a lot harder than I thought. I could never quite figure it out. I decided juggling is way to hard for me.
It was Larry's first time living in an apartment. He had lived with his parents his entire life. When he first arrived in his apartment he didn't know what to do. His roommate helped him unpack. Larry eventually got used to living on his own after awhile.
Walter was trying to sell some prescription drugs on the black market. He advertised them on ebay. No one was bidding. Finally, he got a bid from someone in his hometown. A day later, a cop knocked on his door.
Tom had some old furniture he wanted to get rid of. He didn't have a truck to take it to the dumpster. A friend mentioned that trash pick up would collect it for him. Tom just had to call to schedule when. Tom did so and they took it away for him.
Jon got a job. He had to drive a delivery van. One day, he had to drive it for five hours. He got very tired and crashed the car. He was fired for incompetence.
I was driving down the road in a hurry. I accidentally ran a red light. I got pulled over by an officer. I realized I hadn't been paying attention. I was very lucky I didn't get a ticket.
Rachel has a sugar daddy. She went on dates and dinners with this man. Eventually, the man got deep feelings for her. She got so uncomfortable, because he was taking it too far. She broke it off and left him soon after.
I wanted a poster of a famous movie star. However it was one hundred dollars. I could not afford such an expensive poster. I got on the computer. I was able to design a great poster that I could print for my room.
Mark decided he wanted to surprise his son with a cool gift. He drew up plans for an excellent tree house to build in the backyard. Mark got some friends together to build it all in one day. When Mark's son got home from school, Mark showed him the gift. The boy was incredibly surprised and thrilled at the amazing present.
Bob and Dave decided to go camping on the weekend. Bob told Dave he had a bad feeling about the trip. They had fun around the campfire on the first night. A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking. Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip.
Alexander had to see the dentist. He was very nervous about the visit. He had to get x-rays to see inside his teeth. The dentist used a special toothbrush to tickle his teeth. Lucky for Alex he didn't have any cavities!
Astrid was in the car with her mom when she sighed. Astrid could tell bad news was coming. Her mom admitted that she was leaving the home. What shocked Astrid more was her confession of being gay. Astrid was blindsided but she loved her mom so she was supportive.
The other day, I read an article about anxiety. The author discusses how anxiety is an invalid excuse. He claims that one should try hard to use positive thinking. I've often tried to overcome my anxiety this way, but it never works. It seems the author doesn't really know what he is talking about.
Steve was putting on a new shirt he bought. He was confused because the buttons were on the opposite side. He realized that he had bought a woman's shirt. Steve didn't care. Steve looked great.
Jenny was standing at the help desk at a bank one day. Suddenly, a masked man entered the bank and ran at her. She put her hands in the air as the man asked for money. She handed all of the money to the man in the mask. The man fled and then the police arrived as Jenny cried.
Vera is a very insecure girl that doesn't think highly of herself. Therefore she has a hard time forming genuine romantic relationships. Instead she chooses to have affairs with married men. She wants to be loved but doesn't know how to make it happen. So she has settled on being a homewrecker and a lifelong mistress.
Jay was new to craft beer. One day his buddies took him to a brewery. Jay was so impressed with the beers and became obsessed with beer. Jay then brewed his own beer at home for the next few years. Jay then opened his own brewery.
Frank was free to do what he wanted. He had no comment on his behavior. The insanity that had taken over his mind took away his desire to. He spit at the reporters as the police hauled him away. Frank was going to have plenty of free time in prison now.
Keri need to go pick up groceries for dinner. She wrote a list of things she would need. At the store she was able to find all the items she needed. The cashier assisted her with placing the groceries in the cart. She went to her car to unload the wonderful meal she bought.
Zachary had been working on an album for almost a year. It was time for him to release it. After double-checking everything, he posted it online. Right away, people liked it. By the end of the day he had a ton of likes.
I went inside my local barber shop. My barber called on me after he was finished with his last customer. He turned on his shaver and started to cut my hair. His foot tripped on a cord and the shaver landed on my head. I had a huge bald spot.
Daman had just joined in college. He was very nervous as he hadn't met anyone. After his first day, he made many friends. He even got invited to some parties. Now, Daman loves college a lot.
Pat had an inservice to attend on Tuesday with some of her friends. They had planned on going out to eat first at a local place. The restaurant was only 2 blocks from the inservice class. The restaurant also served cheap margaritas at dinner. So the group planned on drinking and then walking to the inservice.
Bob's girlfriend requested a seafood dish for dinner. Bob decided to make her a spicy garlic shrimp and tilapia dish. Bob added too much spicy red pepper seasoning. Bob's girlfriend could not eat the dish due to the heat. Bob somberly prepared a frozen pizza for her instead.
Shelly loved to bake. Shelly's work was having a party. So Shelly decided she wanted to bake cookies for the party. She got all the ingredients from the store for chocolate chip cookies. She baked them and took them to her work.
The man hammered the nail. The nail bent over. The man straightened the nail. It bent again the next time he hit it. He removed the nail.
Katrina's friends took her to a taco truck. She had never eaten from a food truck before. The idea was disgusting to her. After tasting her tacos, she changed her mind. Katrina only wants to eat from the taco truck.
Holly went out for her morning jog. Feeling spontaneous, she chose not to follow her normal route. She decided she would cross a bridge to the other side of town. However, she discovered the bridge had been closed for construction. She turned back, deciding she would follow her normal route after all.
Aya was a Muslim from Europe, visiting her parents' country. She was loving the religious atmosphere in Saudi Arabia. Then she met a handsome Saudi man who courted her delicately. She soon agreed to marriage - before he revealed his secret. Aya's Saudi lover was a crown prince, and very rich!
Libby woke up early and she was hungry. She wanted to go eat, but her bed was so warm and soft. When she finally forced herself out of bed, her stomach was growling. She hurried to the kitchen and scanned the cabinet. Cereal was the perfect solution.
When I was six, I became very sick. I was given penicillin by my doctor. When I went to school the next day, I broke out in hives. I was covered in huge spots. It was an allergic reaction to penicillin.
Tom didn't like pets. His girlfriend got a cat. Tom didn't care for it at first. After a while the cat's silly ways won him over. Tom wound up liking it more than his girlfriend.
I've always wanted a new pool. I've contacted a pool company and they gave me the build plans. The pool company arrived and started working on it. Finally they were finished making my pool after a week. The pool requires a lot of maintenance ,but was completely worth it.
Tim wanted to learn a quick trick to impress his son. He looked up ideas online. He found a tutorial on juggling. Within a few hours he was good enough to do it. His son was impressed and asked him to teach him how.
Jim son is three years old. He still is not potty trained. Jim wants him to poop in the bathroom. He buys a book about pooping to read to him. His son uses the bathroom on his own.
Javier has a fish pond in his front yard. One morning he heard loud splashing. He went outside and saw a family of raccoons at the side of the pond. Javier yelled at them to leave. The raccoons ran across the street without catching any fish.
I came to the party with my family. Since the place was crowded, I lost contact of them. However, they ended up finding each other except me. They also left the party before I found them. My friend had to take me home from the party.
Allie went to buy candy. They were very sour. Allie had to spit it out. She couldn't stomach it. She never wanted to buy it again.
Kim had been working hard all day. She still had a lot of work left. She was tired and wanted to sleep. She crept to her car and took a 20 minute nap. She returned refreshed, and ready for the day.
A father tried to put his 2year old son to sleep. A son was not very happy about it. A father pretended to sleep to make his son calm. It did not work. A father fell asleep before his son.
One day Jonas woke up with an itch. He had no idea why this would happen. He checked his shampoo and soap to no avail. He finally checked his bed and was surprised. He had a bedbug infestation.
Sam saw that his dog was scratching a lot. He took a close look at his dog's coat and saw tiny bugs. He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication. Sam gave him the dog the medication. A few day later his dog stopped scratching.
I came home from work. After changing into my home clothes, I tried to cook a meal. However, my eyes started to close as I was eating food. I immediately went to bed. I didn't wake up until one in the afternoon.
Lucy was in Japan modeling. She got a lucrative ad deal. She saw her picture on a billboard. Then she noticed what the ad was for. It was for a new brand of toilet.
Susy wanted to go to this rock concert. When she got there she waited patiently. Then she and her friend found out it was canceled. The musician was sick. Susy was very upset about it.
Justin was on the track team at his school. One day, he had an away meet at another school. Justin forgot his water bottle at home. After his race, he was so thirsty and picked a bottle from the ground He drank some of the water much to the disgust of his friends.
Todd heard a loud crash. Someone had thrown a rock through his window! He called the police. They took the rock for evidence. Todd was very scared being home alone after that.
Tom was a kid who loved marine animals. Tom's favorite was the killer whale. One summer, Tom's parents decided to surprise him. They took him to Seaworld! There, Tom personally fed a killer whale a fish!
Debra won the poker tournament today. She began at 12 and played until 9. It was a long day that had a total of 35 players. Debra worked hard and paid attention to her opponents. She came in first place and one $1,200.
Allie wanted an iPad. She really liked it. But she wanted a new one. So she went to the store. When she got back she had a newer one.
Paul loved playing pool. He was superstitious with his pool stick. He would tap it three times before a match for good luck. He did this on his last match and it broke on the third tap. Paul cried at this and drove home to recuperate himself.
Sarah was snooping in her sister's room. Suddenly, she spotted a pink diary on the floor. She began reading through it. Suddenly, her sister burst into the room. She began yelling and Sarah ran from the room.
Ollie was walking in the park. He bought an ice cream from a vendor. He bit into the ice cream. It was very cold and he got a brain freeze. Ollie jumped up and down as his father laughed.
Mark hung up a racy poster of a lingerie model in his room. Mark's mom saw the poster while putting his laundry away. She decided she would teach Mark something about how to view women. The next morning Mark slouched into the kitchen for breakfast. The model was taped on the refrigerator, but only from the neck down.
I finally reached someone to take me in during the storm. I made my way to a small grocery store. My boyfriend's brother walked to the store. We drove back to his apartment in my car. I was relieved to get a shower and some rest, the ordeal finally over.
I saw a new client of mine asking for bids from my competitors. I was shocked as I thought she was happy with my services. I contacted her to ask if she was satisfied or needed customization. She was very impressed that I wanted to make her happy. The client shared some questions that were mutually educational.
The family went to the zoo together. They had season passes but hadn't been yet! They stopped to look at each animal. They loved seeing the lions and monkeys the most! The family was happy to spend time together.
Connor is driving down the road. He thinks he smells something burning. His car starts to make a loud noise. Connor pulls over to check it out. His car engine is blown up!
Tiffany worked in an old nursing home with an unused upstairs. People told ghost stories about the upstairs,which was used for stock. One day Tiffany had to go up there alone to get something. While up there all the old call lights turned on. She ran downstairs and told her coworkers.
Hope was in her second year of dance when she moved to group two. She was excited to tell her dad that Miss Amy thought she was ready. Group two girls got to try their first pointe shoes! Hope waited by the window until she saw dad drive in the driveway. Then she burst through the door yelling her news outloud!
Mandy was craving a bowl of cereal. She opened the fridge and took out the carton of milk. As she opened the lid, a foul smell reached her nostrils. She gasped and looked at the expiration label. Just as she suspected, the milk was rotten.
Barry found an antique lamp in his garage. He took it to a pawn shop to get it appraised. It turns out it was a vintage lamp owned by someone famous. The pawn shop offered him $5000 for the lamp. Barry accepted their offer and saved all the money.
Tim's daughter sees him in a restaurant with another woman. She's assumes that he is cheating. She tearfully confronts her father. He reveals that the woman is a benefactor to his hospital. Tim is upset that his daughter thinks that he would cheat.
Charles went to the car show and wanted to meet a girl. He walked through the parking lot and looked at girls. He saw three models standing by a car. He asked one girl if he could have a word with her in private. A girl, who he wasn't talking too, got upset and told him to leave.
Kayla liked going to the movies with her friends. Her friends informed her that they couldn't make it this time. Kayla was upset. Kayla decided to go to the movies alone. Kayla made a new friend at the movies.
Jane was playing video games. She got too excited and threw her remote. It hit the television and broke the screen. Jane got in trouble and had to replace it. She bought a new one that weekend.
Jane was waiting for July to come to the party. When July came two hours late, Jane yelled at her. She told July to leave the place. Since July organized the party, she tried to rip the curtains. The building became disorganized.
Don parked his camper at a busy campground. Don talked to people passing by about his religion. One family was interested in what he had to say. The family joined Don's religion. Don reported his success to the local parish.
The man bought a car stereo. He had it installed. He went to try it out. One of the speakers didn't work. The installer had to fix it.
A man needed help setting up the garden. He went door to door to find helpers. One house had three boys who wanted to help. He brought them back to his yard to work. As a team they got it all done by sunset.
John slammed the door of his car and twisted the ignition. The car roared to life . He would have to break a few laws to catch up with her. Pressing the clutch down he shifted into first gear. Gravel sprayed into the night air as the car shot off down the road.
Mark walked down the aisles of the book store. There were just too many books to choose from. Finally, he selected one and slipped it into his pocket. As he walked out the door, he heard a loud beeping. Mark had set off the alarm.
Jared downloaded a lot of very inappropriate files. He uploaded them to cloud storage on Dropbox's servers. He scoffed at the threat of Microsoft's PhotoDNA. The authorities arrested Jared for his very bad behavior. Jared confessed immediately and gave the officers his passwords.
Dave wrote an angry letter to his boss anonymously. He told his boss all the things that he hated about him. Dave sealed the letter and folded it up. He put it on his boss' desk in the morning. Dave eagerly awaited for his boss to see it.
Abby was excited about going to the animal adoption fair. Her father had promised her that she could get a pet! Abby had her heart set on getting a kitten. At the fair, Abby found a precious fluffy white kitten. Her dad let her adopt the kitten and give him a forever home.
My teacher assigned an essay online. As the week passed, I became busy with other things. I received an email asking for my outline. I had completely forgotten about my essay. Luckily, I was able to research a topic and turn in the outline.
Betty was home alone with her sleeping kids. She heard a rumbling in the basement. When she went to investigate, she saw a bat flying around. She screamed and telephoned her dad, who lived up the street. Her dad captured the bat in a blanket and released it in the yard.
I had a dog. He would get lonely when I went to work. Thus, I decided to buy a second dog. Now, both dogs could play with each other while I was at work. Alas, they did not like each other.
Everyone in the house was asleep. The house alarm went off. My dad decided to go downstairs. When he looked around, he saw a broken window. The thief was on the road, running away.
Danny was a very burly old man. He used to be a lumberjack when he was young. He loved to use his chainsaw to make sculptures. Danny eventually became quite famous for his artwork. He died a very famous man but never expected any of it.
Jim passed someone with a flat tire on the side of the road. Jim was in a hurry but he stopped anyway. It was an old lady who was crying. Jim changed the tire for the lady and she was on her way. Jim felt good about himself.
Aya and her friends were playing with matches. They thought they looked cool. But Aya held her match a little too long. It burned her finger quite badly. Aya decided not to play with fire anymore.
Janice wasn't even thinking about acrobatics. She was only four years old. But she saw her older cousin do a backflip. Without thinking about danger, Janice turned the same back flip. Janice's mother put Janice in a gymnastics school.
Sam bought a lottery ticket. He thought he won the big prize. His roommate told him it was just a prank. Sam's ticket was fake. Sam was heart broken.
Jill was homeless. She hated sleeping in the park and being hungry. She was desperate for food, so she decided to rob a store. The police comprehended her before she was able to escape. Jill ended up receiving a 10 year prison sentence for her actions.
Brad made a cup of coffee for his friend. And his friend was surprised at how good it was. Brad decided to make more coffee and create his own brand. And Brad was able to open is own coffee shop. Brad's friend visited everyday.
Me and Marcy do not agree on anything. So Marcy storms out of the house to go to her friends. I stay at the house and have friends over. Marcy calls me crying to say she is sorry. But i have moved on and am now in a relationship with someone else.
Today I decided to learn how to make bread. I followed the recipe but I must have made a mistake. The bread and tripled in size and was burning. I decided to throw the bread away and start over. I noticed I made an error in my measurements and started over.
Jeff was outside doing some hard labor. The sun was beating down on him. He decided it was way too hot. He took of his shirt and continued to work. After work was done he couldn't find his shirt.
I looked inside of my fridge. I realised that I was out of milk. I put my shoes on and grabbed my keys. I went to the store and bought milk. I returned home and had cereal and milk.
My son just returned from Iraq. The fighting there was intense. Several of his friends didn't make it. He was, however, able to save one of them. That soldier's wife just received the best Christmas present!
The weather report said that it would be a sunny day. I decided not to bring an umbrella with me. When I was outdoors, it started to rain. I went into a nearby store. I bought an umbrella at the store.
Samantha had broken her crockpot while moving. She was on the phone with her mom telling her about it. Suddenly, her mom told her that she would be getting one in the mail. Samantha was confused, and asked her mom why. Her mom had decided to buy her a new one as a gift.
Jill was nervous because it was her first date with Lewis. Lewis picked her up and the two went to a nice restaurant. As they walked into the restaurant, they got seated at a table. The two had a lot to talk about during dinner. At the end of the evening, Lewis leaned in and kissed Jill.
Susan went to put some ice in her soda. She realized the ice in the freezer was beginning to melt. Sue realized her freezer was broken. She brought all her frozen items to a neighbor's to keep frozen. Sue called a repairman to fix the freezer.
Joe was cooking dinner. He'd lost the recipe so he was improvising it. He sat down to dinner and tried to eat it. It was disgusting! He knew he should have followed the recipe.
The tourists went to an aviary. They saw their favorite birds. There was a show for one of them. The toucan would talk to them. They loved to see the show.
Peter wanted to surprise his girlfriend, Josie, on vacation. He made up an excuse and slipped away to a sky writing service. The next day they went to the beach early. When he asked Josie to look up, she saw a wedding proposal in the sky. She laughed delightfully and hugged him tight as she agreed.
Ann wanted to decorate her tree for Christmas. She went to the store to buy decorations. Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree. She carried the box inside and tripped. All of the ornaments broke.
Burt was in charge of fireworks  for the town fair. He was nervous because it was his first time. He loaded in a large firework and prepared to fire it. Once he launched it it only went 20 feet up. Burt looked at it for a second and then jumped for cover.
Mark had gone to bed. A short time later he was woken by a loud sound. An alarm next door had gone off. Mark went back to sleep as the alarm had finally stopped ringing. The alarm went off again and woke Mark.
Bob peered at the cabinet near the table. He saw severe damage underneath it. Bob pulled up the cabinet and replaced the floor under it. He inspected his finished work and was pleased. Bob had even more confidence for his next project because of it.
The man decided to plant a small garden. He bought seeds of many types. He planted okra, corn, and tomatoes. He watched his garden grow. A few weeks later, he had a garden full of crops.
Casey was a secretary at a leasing office. There was a new hire, Savannah, whom Casey quickly became friends with Until the day Casey was running about one hour late to work. Savannah called the boss to tell on Casey. Casey and Savannah are not friends anymore.
Harry would forget lots of things. His friends suggested he keep an agenda. Harry agreed. He decided to buy a notepad. Now, Harry was much better at remembering things.
I went driving down town last night. While I was driving someone tried to cross the street. I almost didn't see them and I had to slam on my brakes. It's a good thing I did, because I almost hit them. I need to be more careful when I'm driving downtown.
Lynn hated feet. She couldn't stand them touching her. Her boyfriend thought it would be funny to prank her. So he put his toe in her mouth while she slept. She broke her boyfriends toe that day, and his heart.
Sally found out that she was pregnant. She decided to surprise her husband with the news. Her husband was so excited when she told him and broke out in tears. They tried to become pregnant for over two years. They both can't wait to meet the baby.
I was asked to write as short story by a colleague today. After thinking about my subject matter I sat down. Getting started, I decided to outline my characters first. Once I had a setting and my characters thought out, I began. It wasn't long at all before I was finished!
Hugo had played all day with his toys. He was told to clean up. However, he refused to do this. His dad got very angry at him. He got the message and cleaned up.
Alex and Anna were brother and sister. Every summer the heat made them miserable, and they would fight. Then one summer their mom suggested they start a garden together. They kept busy planting seeds in the shade and tending their plants. Alex and Anna finally got along, AND they grew lovely flowers to boot!
Meredith was at a soup kitchen. She didn't have anything to do so she offered to volunteer. They put her to work making care packages. She put toiletries and such in little bags. When she was done, everyone at the center thanked her.
Kia's date took her to a very fancy restaurant. Kia thought the menu choices were strange and foreign. She ordered the most innocuous-sounding entree. She didn't like it at all, but she pretended she did. She did not want to disappoint her date.
Every year for Ben's birthday his mom made this a blueberry pie. It was Ben's favorite food in the world. This year Ben was devastated when his mom forgot the pie. He did not say anything to her. A few days later Ben's mom surprised him with a pie.
Jenny was baking in the kitchen with her mom. While they were baking, her mother lifted her glasses over her head. Jenny helped her mom get all of the cookies baked. Her mother then began to look all over for her glasses. After a few minutes, Jenny giggled and told her where they were.
Barney wanted to learn about other cultures. He expressed this to some coworkers. One of them was Muslim and invited him over for a cookout. Barney brought sausage, not knowing that they didn't eat pork. His coworker understood and forgave him, becoming a fast friend.
Rick was setting up the tent near the forest. He went inside of the tent after it was set up. However, a bear appeared out of nowhere. It slashed the top of the tent. Rick was stuck for several minutes.
Nettie was cleaning up her house. She was carrying a huge stack of dishes. Suddenly, the dishes slipped and spilled to the floor. Some broke, but luckily her favorites were okay. She cleaned up the mess and continued cleaning.
Fred wanted to do something nice. He decided he wanted to give blood. He knew it would be helpful. He headed to the blood bank. When he was done he felt great.
Tom had never gone to a rodeo before. His friends invited him to one. He wound up really enjoying it. Tom went back often. Eventually he even got to be part of some shows.
Conner thinks he's the best at making robots. So he challenged his classmates to a robot making contest. The entire classroom agreed to challenge Conner. Connor made the best robot out of everyone in the class. He won the contest and proved he is the best at making robots.
I was drawing at my house with a friend. I wanted to draw a wolf. My friend drew one really well. I was sad that I couldn't draw that well. Fortunately, my friend decided that he would teach me to draw.
Lucy was forced to stay in her room for a day. She begged her grandma to let her go back outside. Her friend Lisa only came for the weekend. Lucy didn't want to miss a whole day of play. Her angry grandmother sent her to her room with no dessert.
Yesterday was my sister in law's birthday. I bought her a CD and a gift card. I texted her to meet me outside her home after work. I gave her her gifts, and she was very happy. We talked for some time, then separated.
Dan was sick of using the subway for travel. Dan realized he needed to buy a car. He first had to learn how to drive. After learning how to drive,he would get his license. Dan raised enough money, bought, and drove a car.
The boy counted his fingers. He always had ten. He counted other people's fingers. One man only had nine. The man explained that he lost it in an accident.
Erin turns eighteen this year. She thought she didn't care much about being an adult. However, Erin registered to vote online. She involved herself in local politics. In November, Erin casted her vote for president.
I was in chemistry class. I was making solutions. I accidentally poured vinegar into the wrong solution. It began foaming and releasing a poisonous gas. Thus, I was suspended from school for two weeks.
Brad decided he needed a rush. He was so bored with his life. He wanted to live life to the fullest. Brad decided to conquer his fears and go skydiving. Brad jumped out of the plane and landed safely.
Julian was nervous for his first piano recital. At only 5 years old, he was the youngest to perform. Julian listened to the other's play their songs and became relaxed. When it was his turn, he took a deep breath. Julian had the best performance of the night.
A man woke up one day. Thought that he should buy a bike. And then he went down the cyclists to get one. But they didn't have one big enough for him. And so he settled for a trike.
Judd didn't know how to tie a tie. He needed to learn for his first day of work at a large company. He looked on the internet for help. He did the very best he could tying it. It ended up looking like a knot on his neck.
Nick bought himself a brand new pair of shorts. He tried them on when he got home. The shorts were way too tight. Nick felt bad because he was too fat. Nick returned the shorts.
Fred constantly worried that he had a disease. So he had various tests done on himself every week. One day, he tested positive for a certain disease. So he decided to have surgery. But because it was a false positive, Fred's health only became worse.
My Dad was driving my friend and I to school. Wasn't feeling too well, but was trying to tough it out. Eventually, I couldn't hold it any longer and I threw up. My Dad was covered in puke. My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing.
Jane had been a nurse for 12 years, and liked her job. But her real passion had always been music. At 36, she decided to finally pursue her dream. She was apprehensive, but set up a business teaching music. The change had been scary, but she was so happy she had done it.
I bought budget hosting for my new website. It was from one of the big hosting companies. The service was spotty and the customer service was terrible. I switched to a smaller provider. I had no issues and was very pleased with my decision to switch.
Joy took her mother to apply for disability. There was no wheelchair ramp to the building. Joy had to leave her mom in the car. The clerk in the office insisted she see Joy's mom. Joy made the clerk go out to the car.
Tom was in a band. They remixed a lot of songs. Unfortunately they made them worse. Tom's band was quickly sued. They had to break apart soon after.
Kate had a twin named Kara, and they were very close. But Kate never believed in anything beyond that until Kara conceived. The second Kara went into labor, Kate woke from a dead sleep. She was forced to admit that she and her sister shared a connection. She didn't know if it was magic, but it was very strong!
A man was walking down the street. The cop thought he looked suspicious. The cop started questioning the man. The man was frightened. The cop then attacked him for no reason.
Lucy worked hard and lost a lot of weight this year. It was time to shop for a bathing suit. It was scary at first. All the suits looked great! Lucy swims happily.
Brody wanted to ask a girl to the dance. He didn't know how to ask. His sister told him to write a letter. He wrote her a note. He gave it to her.
George had the day off from work. His wife asked him to do the dishes while he was home. George forgot. There were no clean plates for dinner. George had to eat off a napkin.
It was christmas time and we were ready to decorate our tree. We went to the nursery to pick a perfect tree for our home. When we were there, it was snowing a lot and very cold. This made picking a tree more difficult but we did it. We took our perfect tree home and decorated it that night.
Jan made a special cake for the cake walk. She set it on a table, ready to be chosen by a winner. Jan felt let down as she kept waiting for her cake to be picked. Finally, Jan bought some tickets for the cake walk. She played until she won and went home with her cake.
Emilia loved cooking, and used to cook for her family on occasions. Once, while cooking, she went onto attend a call. When she came back, she found that her cat had eaten the dough. She gently asked her cat not do so, and next time, her cat helped her. She taught her cat a lesson, peacefully and without using violence.
Martin and the girls went to the local beach for fun. They loved going to the beach in the summer. They laid out their towels and went in the water. The water was freezing but refreshing. Martin was thankful he took his friends there.
The fast food restaurant offered a special deal. The deal was chicken with bacon, wrapped around ground beef for $5. I decided to share the sandwich with my friend. We tried to slice through half of it. It turned out to be completely raw on the insides.
Gina was scowling at the new boy in her class. She held her face firmly as she waited for him to see her. But the boy wouldn't turn her way. She tried to remember why she was angry and keep her face screwed. But after 5 minutes she was tired of holding the mean face.
Gabriel beamed when his teacher complimented him on his grades. The other kids were not impressed though, and called him teachers pet. Gabriel was sad, and went to the teacher to complain. The other kids just gave each other looks, further proving their point. Gabriel realized he was being a baby and decided to get bad grades.
Len had been raised to consume meat, but always felt unsure about it. When he saw a documentary about animal cruelty, he was decided. He resolved to become a vegetarian, and thought it would be easy. Unfortunately it wasn't as easy as he thought - he missed meat. But he was still determined to do what he felt to be the right thing.
Greg rode his bike every day to work. Most days Greg felt great about riding his bike. He felt healthy and he felt very environmentally conscious. One day, Greg was almost hit by a car on his bike. Greg was scared to ride his bike to work after that.
A man called me late in the afternoon on my house phone. He asked for Janice, but my name was Hanna. He claimed that he had the right number and I was lying. I did not feel like arguing so I hung up. A few seconds later he called back.
While walking in his yard, Saul saw something. He looked to see what it was. He saw a big black snake beside the rock. He ran and got his Mom. Mom came and killed the snake.
Emma was spying on her older brother. He was on the phone talking to his girlfriend. Suddenly she heard him mention sneaking out. She decided that she should probably tell her parents. They praised her for being honest with them.
Tom had to take a business trip for work. Tom was looking forward to the new experience. Tom had never taken a business trip before. Tom had fun on the plane. Tom completed the business trip and had a great time.
Barney went on his first hunting trip. His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt. He still was unable to catch anything. On the way home his friend spotted a deer. Barney was able to make his first kill on the side of the road.
A stranger met Jen in the park. He asked her for a date. She said she would not go with him. He was stubborn and asked again. She got scared and left.
Juliet was at her grandparents for Christmas. They were giving her several random gifts. She liked them all except for one thing. It was a really boring looking book. Still, she acted happy and thanked them.
Joe needed a new phone. He looked online for reviews of different phones. Joe liked the features of the iphone. He bought the iphone when a promotion came up. Joe received his phone and was very pleased.
I went to college by the beach. One night my friends and were nervous over a test. So we walked to the beach. The sound of the waves and breeze calmed us down. We felt much better after.
Germany has not been doing well since D-Day. They decide to make a stand in the Ardennes forest. They attack the Americans for an entire month. Finally the Americans break through. The Germans are on the run again.
My girlfriend found out she's allergic to birth control. She asked me to try wearing condoms, so I said okay. We were getting busy and I put one on, only to feel burning. Turns out, I'm really allergic to latex. Now we're looking for viable alternative birth control methods.
Soni had unhealthy skin. Her mom suggested she use some cream. Soni went to the store and bought some cream. She applied it every day and every day her skin got better. Eventually, Soni's skin was perfectly healthy.
Debbie was very tired and hungry. She'd been hiking in the woods the whole day! She berated herself for forgetting to pack snacks. Debbie ran into another couple on the trail. They shared food with her, and she wasn't hungry any more.
Greg wants to impress his boyfriend with a treat. He buys some fruit and chocolate. Greg is going to try to make a fruit arrangement. After a disastrous try, Greg's boyfriend comes home. They laugh as they eat the horrible looking chocolate fruit.
We have a book exchange in our building. i donated two books for two paperbacks. The paperbacks looked unread. I listed them on Amazon and sold them for $8. I was very excited.
Sheena was not a morning person. She was making her schedule for college. Sheena managed to schedule all her classes beginning mid morning. She enjoyed sleeping in every morning. Sheena had a rough time adjusting to her schedule the next semester.
Jen discovered her lunch missing from the break room refrigerator. She brainstormed ideas to foil the breakroom thief. Jen went home and filled a plastic tub with sauerkraut and anchovies. She labeled it Jen's Cheesecake, Don't Touch. When Jen smelled the concoction from the room, she found the culprit.
The other day I was able to finish all my work early. My boss was really impressed and complimented me. I was happy to have done such a good job. As a result my boss gave me more work. Now I just take my time doing everything.
I was feeling stressed. So I grabbed a bottle of wine. It tasted bad. Yet it definitely made me less stressed. I was thankful.
It was a cold morning. Jerry had to take a math exam that particular day. He was not ready for the exam. Jerry learned there was a snow day as he was getting ready. Jerry spent his snow day studying for the exam.
Tim loved medieval art. He started a club about it. People wanted to have fake fights. Tim went out to buy armor. He found some at his local thrift store.
Tom wanted to play a prank on his co-worker. He unplugged his coworker's mouse and plugged his own in. His co-worker didn't know what was going on for a second. He figured it out and Tom laughed. It was a harmless prank that his coworker also enjoyed.
Angel was a very traditional man. He originally came from Spain, and had very catholic values. When he moved to a southern US state, he found it difficult. Although he was very much the same religion, he experienced prejudice. He realised that religion couldn't mend all rifts in society.
I wanted to stop drinking caffeine. I decided to go cold turkey. The next morning I skipped coffee. By afternoon I had a horrible headache. I desperately drank a huge mug of soda.
Sam was making sweet tea. He had just finished pouring it. He hadn't put any ice in it yet. A friend tried to drink some without realizing it. They burned their mouth.
Rene was petite and hated it. Every time she looked at people she had to look up. She bought a unicycle to remedy to the situation. And search for people to talk to. She was pleased to realize that they had to look up to her to talk.
Beulah sold Avon for a living. She had done it for years and made lots of money. Beulah finally decided to retire and take a vacation. She checked her savings and found she had over a million dollars. Beulah decided to take a permanent vacation.
We received an email yesterday from the property manager. The bathrooms in tower K were to be inspected. The staff would be here from noon to five pm. I waited all day for them. They never showed up.
Carlos had always wanted to learn another language. He decided to learn how to speak Thai. It was very difficult at first. Carlos eventually learned more and more words in Thai. He was happy to be learning a new language.
Rick was a cop in Los Angeles. He liked being a cop, but he loved skateboarding. So every chance he got he would use it to practice. He got a call on a group of kids skating on private property. So instead of busting them, he rolled up and got in a sick session.
Jasmine thinks fish is gross. Raw fish is even more gross for Jasmine. Jasmine refuses to try sushi. One day, she felt curious and tried sushi. Sushi is now her favorite thing to eat.
Miranda wanted to buy some friendship bracelets for her friends. She looked inside Tiffany's yesterday to see what they had. Her eyes laid across a silver charm bracelet. She decided to buy four of them. She knew her friends would love them.
Evan loved football. He was too small to play. Evan signed up to be the school mascot instead. He got to go to all the games. This made him very happy.
Ned nervously sat in the car outside the diner gathering courage. He had spied Jane sitting at the counter sipping a soda. He ventured out of the car and walked toward the building. Just as he was about to turn away, Jane waved to him. Ned felt relief wash over him as stepped through the door.
My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer. Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to Los Angeles. Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call. At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier. She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye.
Will wanted to quit smoking. It gave him a bad cough. He bought a nicotine patch at the store. Used the patch for a month. He finally quit smoking.
Tika wanted to purchase a new car. She didn't have enough to buy it with cash and had no credit. Tika signed up for a department store card to establish credit. She bought things and paid the card balance off quickly. Tika established herself a great credit score and bought a car.
Dolores entered the school's talent contest. She displayed her juggling and magic capabilities. The audience loudly applauded throughout her act. However, the contest judges did not appreciate her skills. Dolores was satisfied that she got the third place trophy.
Sally wanted to buy something for her hubby. She went to the department store. She looked around all over for something. She saw a really cool watch! Sally bought him the new watch!
My grandmother bought us a ping pong table. We put it in the garage sometimes. One day it was missing. My step dad threw it away. He did not think we used it.
Ann bought a house but didn't check the water before moving in. She was disappointed to find that the water had an unpleasant aroma. Ann was glad to learn that a carbon filter would eliminate the odor. She hired a plumber to install a whole-house filtration system. Now the water is acceptable and Ann is happier with her new home.
A man was having a panic attack. His friend suggested to simply start singing. The man began singing and calmed down. He learned a new relaxation technique. He never had a panic attack again.
Bob and Christina went out to see the new movie. They bought tickets online and drove over to the theater. They got there early and bought some popcorn and soda. Then they sat down to watch the movie. It was a very good film and they talked about it on the way home.
Joe wanted to go outside. There were rain clouds outside. He was not sure if he should go out. He decided to go outside. It ended up not raining at all that day.
This Sunday, my wife and I went Christmas shopping. We went to a bookstore near my alma mater, Boston University. My wife bought a college sweatshirt. I bought a nice mug. We went home in the afternoon, pleased with our purchases.
Jennifer was afraid of bees. There was a hive next to her house she wanted to remove. She called an expert to ask what to do. He found a way to relocate the beehive without upsetting the bees. Jennifer was relieved to have done a good deed despite her fear.
Tom was at the bar. There were a few drunk people there. Tom noticed a fight start to break out. He decided to leave. By the time he was outside he noticed cops pulling up.
A fan ran onto the field Monday night at the 49ers game. He interrupted game action with a jaunt that lasted about a minute. Players stopped and watched as security ended up tackling him. He was later handcuffed and detained but not arrested. He was a minor, only 17 years old.
The doctor told her to take the pills twice a day. She had to take them with water. They should reduce the swelling in her body. She took them every day for a month. She was still swollen and not getting better.
Bart owned a five star restaurant. The critics constantly raved about how great it was. He had a very important food magazine coming to do an interview. He had just found out his chef had an std. He knew the right thing to do was shut down the restaurant.
Nina wanted to play ball. She called her friends, but they were all busy. Then she decided to ask her little brother. He eagerly agreed to play with her. Nina and her brother had a great time playing ball!
Steel drank beer everyday. He also rode his bicycle to school. One day he got drunk and rode his bicycle to school. He weaved all over the street. A policeman stopped him and wrote him a ticket.
Lou was kind of a bum. He didn't do very with his life. But one day he got news his grandparents had passed away. They left Lou an inheritance of a couple million dollars. Lou invested in ten startups and is now a multi billionaire.
I use our building clubroom often. I read for an hour down there. My 99 year old friend George says he does not like going there. Last night I saw him spending time there. He had changed his mind.
Mary was playing softball in gym class. She was nervous about her position. It was the final inning, with her up to bat and bases loaded. Finally the pitch came and she hit the ball out of the park! Her teammates cheered her name, she had won the game!
We decided to work with a builder for a new house. We picked out plans and agreed on a contract. We waited to make sure the weather would hold out. It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig. We now have our foundation done on our new house!
One day Jennifer saw her dog chasing an animal. She walked closer to look and see what it was. Suddenly, she was overcome by an awful smell. The animal was a skunk and it had sprayed Jennifer. She never lets her dog out alone anymore.
Joni did her classwork in a pink ink pen. Pink ink was against her class's policy. Joni's teacher took points off of her classwork. Joni started to do her work in black ink. She didn't use pink ink in class again.
John approached the dance floor warily. He had practiced dancing all week with a broom. But at the view of the woman in front of him, he froze. When he gathered his courage, he walked to her. And they danced all night better than he did with his broom.
My friend came here yesterday to visit me. I waited her at the bus station because it's her first time. I almost waited for her for three hours. Because of waiting that long i got hungry so i decided to eat first. After eating i went back to the bus station and she's already there.
Tom got a new car stereo. He was trying it out. He drove around with it cranked up. Tom was eventually pulled over. He explained what happened but still got ticketed.
Jerry ordered a new pair of shoes from an online retailer site. After a week, he contacted the company he didn't get the shoes. The company responded by sending a replacement pair. The pair ended up arriving in 2-3 weeks. He decided to give a bad rating towards the company.
Tom was always obsessed with the idea of bigfoot. He decided to get a team together to look for him. Tom got a lot of cameras and equipment. He spent several days in the wooded area. Unfortunately he never found anything.
I have been wanting to start exercising more. I could not figure out what I wanted to do. I saw a bike on sale at my local store. I decided to buy it. I am excited to start riding.
Tori wanted to go home for the holidays. She had to take a plane to get there. When she arrived at the airport, her flight was delayed. It took six hours longer to get home than it should have. Still, Tori was able to make it home before Christmas.
Mark decided his cable bill was too high. He decided to cancel the service. Mark spent more time reading and doing puzzles. He saved a lot of money every month. Mark used the money he saved to take his girlfriend out.
Ted's favorite sports team was playing their homecoming game. Ted had tickets and attended with a bunch of his friends. At the end of the first half, Ted's team was losing by 10 points. During the second half, Ted helped to rally the fans by doing cheers. Ted's team played well to close the game and won by 1 point.
The transmission in my 10 year old car went out. I had to have it towed to a dealership. They said it would three thousand dollars to fix. I called around to other shops. I ended up taking it to a shop that quoted me a thousand less.
Jeremy was having a good dream. His brother punched his arm and woke him up. Jeremy missed the good dream. He chased his brother around the house. Then he woke up again and realized that was a dream too.
Karen was on her first trip to the Amazon. She had always dreamed of seeing monkeys. The team hiked all day and saw all sorts of birds. Karen was disappointed that she did not see a monkey. When they got back to camp, Karen found a monkey in her tent!
One fine morning, the zookeeper showed up for work. This zookeeper was in charge of watching the monkeys. When he went to check on them, they were gone! It turned out, all the monkeys had escaped and were running rampant! The zookeeper caught them all and returned them to the zoo.
The day that Josh turned sixteen he got his driver's license. He had studied hard and passed the test with flying colors. Knowing this day was approaching his parents purchased his car. It was a used car but Josh did not care. He loved his car and had a great day!
Gina told Rita she was upset with Mary. She didn't want Mary to find out. She made Rita promise not to tell Mary. But Rita refused to promise. She would only agree to keep Gina's issue a secret.
I couldn't find my remote last night. I looked everywhere. Between the cushions and anywhere else you could imagine. I finally went to get something to drink instead. It turns out the remote was in the refrigerator.
Sam loved trains He grew up to work at a railroad. It was a dangerous job. Sam almost got injured twice. His love of trains made up for his fears.
Janet looked at herself in the mirror everyday. And she told herself that she was ugly. No type of makeup or hairstyle changed Janet's opinion. And she became so angry that she punched her mirror. Despite the broken mirror, Jane still looked at her face everyday.
Patrick went to the seashore to see the sunset. He got there just before the sun went down. Clouds rolled in just before sunset. Patrick didn't get to see the sunset. He went home very unhappy.
The calendar said that Victoria had ballet that day. So Victoria put on her leotard and tutu. She wore her ballet shoes. She arrived at tap dance class wearing the totally wrong shoes. Her dad had wrote the wrong thing on the calendar.
The family went to an Ohio State football game. They were bandwagon fans. They cheered loudly for the team. When the team won, the family felt accomplished. They always picked teams that had good records.
Ella was a great musician. She wrote a song about her dog. Her friends all loved to listen to it. Ella had a real gift for songwriting. She decided to record the song.
I had a very long drive planned that I had to do solo. I really didn't want to do it solo so I asked some friends. None of them could afford to take time off from school to go with me. My drive was 26 hours long so it was very tiring. I ended up doing it alone and not dreading every minute of it!
Antonio just finished culinary school. He was excited to get a job as a chef! He started working at a fancy French restaurant. The diners all loved what he prepared. Soon, Antonio was known as a great chef in their town!
Ken borrowed his friend's car. Ken's friend didn't know about it. His friend reported the car stolen. Ken was pulled over. He was almost arrested for the incident.
Sue decided to make ravioli for her family. She was using a new recipe. It took a lot of time and work. Her family ate it all and said it was great. Sue finally tried it and it was awful.
Ben worked out a lot. He worked out almost every day. He wanted to get very strong. He worked diligently towards achieving his goal. Now he is one of the strongest people around.
Kelly was making a fall treat. It was a pumpkin pie! She carefully crimped the pie crust. She put it in the oven to bake. She couldn't wait to slice it up!
Jimmy decided to buy a horse. He went to the horse trader's shop. Jimmy looked at everything about each horse, including its teeth. Jimmy picked one. He bought it!
Ruth felt like she had been sick forever. She was feeling lonely when her sister walked in carrying something. It was a huge pile of get-well cards! With each card, Ruth felt renewed courage and hope. In two weeks she was well, but she never forgot how much a card means.
Jerry was a construction worker He worked on large corporate buildings downtown. Jerry then retired from large commercial construction. He got very bored from not working and yearned for meaning. Jerry started his own construction company and is happy.
Deb had never been scuba diving before. One of her friends convinced her to go. The two of them went to a nearby scuba shop. The entire experience was thrilling to Deb. Deb had found a new favorite hobby.
Mia's father had raked up a stack of leaves. Mia jumped into the leaves. She played in the leaves for a half hour. Mia didn't realize bugs were in the leaves. She found bug bites on her legs the next day.
A man stood by the side of the road with a hose. He offered free water to joggers as they passed him. A jogger came to him and asked for some water. He was promptly sprayed with the hose. The jogger thanked the man and ran off.
Oswald decided to write a novel. He worked on his book for several months. Oswald took his book to a publisher. The publisher rejected his book almost immediately. Oswald decided to give up on writing.
Kia had locked herself out of her house. She searched for her spare key, but couldn't find it. Then she saw that her basement window was slightly ajar. She climbed in through the basement window and went upstairs. From there, she unlocked her front door and let herself in.
Dan always had a love for art. Dan decided he would go to a local art shop to browse. While at the shop, Dan saw a piece of art that caught his eye. Dan knew that he just had to have that piece of art. Unfortunately, Dan was heartbroken to find out it was already sold.
I had a craving for muffins. I went to the store to buy some. I found some in blueberry and chocolate. I knew my husband hated chocolate, but I wanted them. I ended up buying both containers.
Kenny rode in a small canoe with Jane. They were taking a tour around the river. A mild current started to build up. They lost control of their steer. The canoe was moving on its own until it landed on a rock.
Edison was awake all night long. The next morning, he was very tired. Edison decided to drive a car. He crashed his car while driving. Edison is in the hospital.
Nita was a picky eater, but her mom found a way around it. Every day she made one strange dish. She urged Nita to try it - just one bite. Then Nita could decide if she liked it or not. The try-it method got Nita eating many strange foods!
Sue made a caramel cake. She followed the recipe. She iced the cake when it cooled. It looked great. It tasted even better.
Brad attended Cindy's wedding. Brad had dated Cindy a few years earlier, but she dumped him. Brad still had feelings for Cindy. Brad drank too much at Cindy's wedding. He took a swing at the groom and fell to the floor.
I got a Lego set. It was of the space shuttle. I had it set up in my room. My mom's friend's son came into my room. I found the set demolished.
Sam went to the storage closet at work to get some supplies. The closet was locked so he took out his keys. Sam went through 25 of his 50 keys before he found the right one. Sam put a strip of tape to mark the key to the storage closet. Now Sam never had to waste time trying to find the key again.
The family wanted to adopt a pet. They went to the shelter and found a cat. He was very sweet and affectionate. THey brought him home and gave him lots of toys. The cat was so happy with his new family!
Jesse had never swam before. She wanted to learn how to swim. She hired an instructor. She practiced every week. She eventually became a great swimmer.
Rex needs a big fish for the dinner he is planning to cook. He goes to the fish market. Rex buys a terrific Haddock fish at the market. He comes home to cook it. Rex enjoys the fish dinner alone at home.
Charles hated living in a sober living home. He was never a drug addict! But he was a homeless man. One morning, he noticed a pair of his underwear and socks missing. Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles' undergarments.
In Elementary school we took standardized tests. I was very nervous about my grade and so were my friends. I remember asking them how they thought they did, and they said fine. I wasn't so sure about my grade, but we got the results the next day. When we got the results it turns out I actually did the best!
Jane worked on her Halloween costume for months. She wanted to enter different costume contests. Halloween weekend Jane went to several bars and clubs. She didn't win a single contest. Jane was distraught and cried about it for months.
Gina could hear the bully and her friends laughing at her. But she didn't get out of the sand. Finally their laughter began to fade. And Gina could finally get up. She lifted her face to see her friends shoes in front of her.
Joanne was driving to Texas alone. She was making the trip to Texas for a family visit. Somehow she got off on the wrong exit. Joanne ended up lost. She spent two hours trying to get back on the right highway exit.
Lily was tired of her parents trying to pull out her loose tooth. But it wouldn't come out! Her brother suggested she chew bubble gum. Almost as soon as she started she felt a little tug. Her tooth had finally come out.
Beth was teaching Geography to a class of 7th Grade students. All of the students were having fun, because they liked her teaching. One day, Beth didn't come to school because she was sick. A substitute teacher came to teach her class for her. All of the students were sad that she was gone.
Kate hadn't eaten all day. She decided to get a big dinner. She ate really fast. It was too much before she knew it. Eventually Kate wound up throwing up.
Aiden was playing his first poker tournament. He was competing against 100 players. After 5 hours, he was at the final table with 8 other people. He eventually placed 5th place overall in the tournament. He thought he did really well for his first poker tournament.
Ike converted his house to a church for tax purposes. He held a service to keep up the charade. During service he felt a feeling he could not describe. He felt that this lie of his just became real. The next day he quit his job and joined a monastery.
Jude had never been to the gym. He wanted to get in better shape. He hired a trainer. He began going every day. Jude now looks like a bodybuilder.
Jimmy invited his grandmother to watch his baseball game. The game started at 3. Jimmy anxiously watched for his grandma. He never saw her arrive. She was sitting on the other side of the field.
Jayne has a son who lives in Hawaii. But Jane lives in Michigan. Jayne wants to live closer to her son. So Jayne decides to move. Jayne now lives in Hawaii with her son.
For Lisa's 21st birthday, she could not wait to go to Las Vegas. Lisa got a bunch of her friends together to stay at a hotel in Vegas. The girls stayed at one of the most exclusive suites at the Palms. The first night of the trip the girls spent the night at the nightclub By the end of the trip, the girls were exhausted.
We normally sleep until 9 AM. We are both retired. Our 2-year-old granddaughter from NYC is visiting. She got up at 6:30 today. We are tired but happy.
Carly was drinking a soda in the car. Suddenly her boyfriend drove over a speedbump. She lost control of her cup spilling soda all over herself. With her skin and clothes all sticky she demanded to go home. Luckily, she was able to change and get back on track quickly.
Josh was excited to go camping during the weekend. He was already all packed and raring to go. When they arrived at the campsite there was a lot of work to set up. They had a yummy dinner and told scary stories around the campfire. He had some itchy visitors in the night who sent him home with bites.
Lana was friends with Rick and Jeb in high school. Rick and Jeb were considered wild boys. One day they left the school at lunchtime in Jeb's car. Jeb and Rick were involved in a serious car crash. Lana was upset when she heard Jeb and Rick were hurt.
Eric had glasses his whole life. He was almost blind without them. He was sick of being called four eyes and nerd. So he bought contacts and threw out his glasses. He quickly realized he couldn't put them in because he couldn't see.
Chuck looked in the kitchen cabinets for something to cook. He was bored by everything he saw. He quickly made up his mind what would be for dinner. He got in his car. Chuck drove to McDonald's for dinner.
Jodi was craving a milkshake. She went to the store and bought ice cream and a blender. She got home and added all the ingredients to the blender. She blended them all and poured it into a glass. The milkshake was good and Jodi was satisfied.
Rena wanted to give everyone she knew a Christmas gift in 2015. But she didn't have a lot of money. So she decided to make everyone homemade gifts. She is very crafty and she drew everyone beautiful scenery pictures. It cost her less than a dollar and she stayed within her budget.
Anaya was given the task to rename many files. She worked for hours typing each new name, one at a time. Anaya diligently corrected all her typing errors. She went to her boss hours later expecting praise. Her boss asked her why she hadn't written a script instead.
While waitressing, Bree spilled a drink on her customer. She was so upset! She thought he would be angry with her. But thankfully, he laughed it off and said it was okay. He even left Bree a nice tip when he left!
Denise was a gymnast. One day after class, she saw that all of her belongings were gone. She searched the entire gym for her things. Finally, some girl's little sister admitted that she had done it. She gave Denise back her stuff and apologized.
Jake was upset at his girlfriend. He had been upset for a while. He tried to talk to her about it. Jake's girlfriend didn't want to listen. Jake asked to break up.
Shelly bought a new pair of gloves. They were leather and warm and nice looking. They fit her hands nicely. Unfortunately they soaked up water. So she had cold hands whenever she wore them.
I make coffee regularly for my fiance. One night, I was playing my guitar while loading the Keurig. I pressed the right buttons, and wandered around the house strumming. When I came back to the kitchen, the coffee was on the floor! I forgot the cup and had a mess to clean, but wrote a song about it.
Beth wanted to protect herself. She regularly felt vulnerable. She enrolled in a martial arts class. She learned self defense. She felt much less vulnerable after attaining her black belt.
Dan was digging in his yard to put in an extension to his home. He wasn't very deep when his shovel thudded against something hard. Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air! Dan thought he'd struck oil! When he sniffed the air he realized he'd struck a sewage pipe.
Nancy was talking to Stacy about their science class. Nancy was trying to offer help on a question. However, Stacy started to get mad at her. She addressed the idea that she developed an alkene. Stacy was stubborn and continued to argue.
Anna went to a fancy dinner. She wore her best white shirt and skirt. But halfway through the dinner, she spilled red wine on it! Anna was so disappointed with her clumsiness. She had to take her outfit to the cleaners to be fixed.
Karen wasn't feeling right. Karen knew her period was late this month. She decided to take a pregnancy test. She went to the bathroom full of nerves. When she looked at the results she began to cry she was pregnant.
When Bob was a child, he loved fishing with his father. Bob had not gone fishing since his father died. One day, Bob went to the store and saw the fishing section. He decided to buy a pole and try fishing again. He enjoyed it, and will continue fishing in honor of his father.
Tom had been working hard all day. He got home and collapsed on the couch. His boyfriend felt bad for him. He gave him a long, deep back massage. Tom felt much better after.
Alice was out of food. She needed to get groceries. Alice gathered her baby to go to the store. She realized her husband had taken the car seat with him to work. With annoyance, she waited for her husband to come home.
Aly planted a tree in her backyard. Soon, a bird moved in! She built a nest and laid some eggs. Aly liked to watch the bird fly in and out. It was a beautiful creature!
My son wanted some lunchables as a snack. He was digging for them in the fridge. I tried to get the dog to join me in the office and ignore him. She refused, wanting some of his food. I finally had to go physically pick her up and remove her.
Dalene taught theory to the cosmetology students at Olympian Academy. It wasn't an easy subject to teach but she loved it. It was something she was good at and it really showed. Most of the other schools had 60%-70% of their students pass the exam. Olympian Academy had a 98% pass rate because of Dalene.
Today is Sarah's 5th birthday! Her parents threw her a party at her favorite Mexican restaurant. A balloon artist made balloon hats for Sara and her friends. Sara got lots of presents. The birthday party was a great success.
Joe was working late one night. He worked security and was very bored. Joe was feeling very sleepy. He decided to close his eyes and fell asleep. Only to be awoken by his boss to yell you're fired to him.
My family met for breakfast at a restaurant. I wanted eggs and toast and some others wanted omelets or oatmeal. We all ordered what we wanted. It took some time to get our meal. We all decided to get the same thing next time, maybe it would help.
Helen bought a few apples in the market. She tried to eat one on the way home. Something sharp scraped her gums. She pulled it out as soon as she can. A small grasshopper came out.
Richie's parents were gone for the weekend. He had the whole house to himself! Richie invited all his friends to come over. Richie and his friends partied all night long. Richie cleaned up the mess that they made the next morning.
A mother watched her daughter drawing on a piece of paper. The mother asked her daughter what was she drawing? A pictured of God the daughter replied. Honey no one knows what God looks like the mother responded. Just wait I'm almost finished the daughter replied.
Ed and Kerry went for a walk. Kerry decided to run across the street. Ed yelled at her to stop. Kerry did not listen to him. She was struck by a car and was badly injured.
Alan sent his daughter off to summer camp. He waited all week for a letter from her. When it arrived, he tore it open eagerly. He scanned it quickly, then sighed with relief. His daughter said she loved camp!
It had been 45 minute since dinner. Kim wanted to throw up her food, but worried it was too late. She had tried to use a toothbrush and failed. She found a bottle of ipecac in the medicine cabinet. After reading the label she chickened out.
Several children were trying to get their teacher in the dunk tank. Tracey tried to aim her ball at the target. She missed by a far distance. Cody aimed carefully and smacked the target. The seat was disconnected and the kids' teacher fell in the water.
Daniel is bored at his house with his kids. He suggest that they all go camping. They all agree to go camping. They all head out to the campground and have a great time. Daniel loved taking his kids camping.
Paul dug through his closet looking for something to wear. After finding the right costume, he rushed out to met his friends. At house after house, they collected candy and treats. After dark, Paul went home and showed his parents his bag. He got to eat several pieces of candy before he went to bed.
Amy was in class with friends. Everyone was at their computer working on assignments. Amy's friend Pat was on a site watching videos. She found out the site was called YouTube. Amy checked it out and decided to come back later to see more.
Jen had just finished the dishes. She flipped the switch for the disposal. Nothing happened. She realized that the disposal was broken. Using a tool, she fixed it.
Tim had annoying neighbors. They would always play loud music late at night. He asked them to stop several occasions. They never really paid attention. Finally Tim decided to call the police on them.
Mary's prom was coming up and she decided to get a haircut. She asked around for recommendations and chose a salon. The hairdresser gave her a terrible, lopsided haircut. Mary was miserable and thought she would have to miss prom. Her mom took out some scissors and cut her hair into a beautiful bob.
At the stop-light, I made a turn. The wheel ended up getting locked. As a result, I couldn't turn. The car landed in a large tree on the side of the road. The front part of the car got mashed from it.
Since they we building a new house the Jones needed to pack. They were downsizing and needed to go through their things. They made piles for things they wanted to keep. In other piles they kept things to sell and to donate. They had a huge yard sale and what was left was donated to the needy.
Rita's dream was to go on a long hiking adventure on a trail. The trail was over a thousand miles long. Somewhere along the way she took a wrong turn. She was lost for several weeks and kept a journal of her experiences. She was found by rescuers and was forever grateful.
Sam told John that Lucy was interested in him. In excitement, John tried to meet up with Lucy. She was confused when John assumed that she likes him. John found out that it was a lie. While crushed, he took his anger out on Sam.
Jacob had never been to a bris before. He was very nervous especially because he had to hold the baby. When it was time for the ceremony to begin, he fainted. And when he came back to, it was over. Since then his friends make fun of him, but he's happy he was out.
Tom entered a robot fighting tournament. It was the fourth year he entered. He had always come close to winning. This time his path was a lot better. Tom finally got first place.
Georgina loved her mother's lemon cookies. Georgina asked her mother for a cookie. Her mother told her to wait until after dinner. Georgina snuck a cookie. Her mother noticed and didn't allow her to have any more.
Ellen was about to leave to bring her daughter to school. When she got in the car, it wouldn't start. Ellen called her husband. He came back from work. Ellen's husband brought their daughter to school.
Stella has always loved the Rolling Stones. She learned that they were going to play a concert in her hometown. Stella couldn't get tickets before they sold out. She called into a radio station to try to win tickets. She won four backstage passes!
Gary watched a slideshow of pictures. He favored ones he liked. He shared that with his wife. She liked it on Facebook. They talked about it that night.
Jackson needs beans for the dinner he is cooking tonight. He drives to the local grocery store. Eventually he finds the aisle with beans. He buys the beans and returns home. Finally Jackson eats the beans.
The detectives were combing through the grass. They were looking for clues as to who had broken into the home. They found a couple scraps of clothing. They took them into evidence. They were determined to solve this crime.
Angelina was in her early 40s. She was told she was infertile. So she didn't think that it was important to use birth control. But one day she noticed that she was 2 months late. She took a pregnancy test and it was a big fat positive!
Tom really liked a girl in his apartment building, Sara. Tom asked Sara to go with him to a movie. At the movie, Tom told Sara much about himself. Sara told Tom she felt a little weird with his forwardness. At the date's end, Sara told Tom he wasn't her type!
Monty the cat had a large growth removed from his face. The surgeon said the tumor was malignant. The tumor's location precluded its complete removal. Monty's owners chose not to pursue radiation therapy. The cat lived several more years before the tumor returned.
As a freshman in college I thought smoking weed was bad. But on the last day of the spring semester, I smoked my first joint. Excited because I passed my classes, I wanted to do something wild. My roommate and his friend lit up a joint. I inhaled like they taught me, but didn't feel any effect.
Jake was always picked on in class. One day he stood up to his bully. The bully agreed to fight after school. Jake was scared and left early. He was bullied even harder the next day.
I was in a bad mood. At work, I yelled at people. It the bus stop, I screamed at a bird. I realized that I was simply hungry. After eating a pizza, I felt happy again.
Tom was a senator. There was an important vote. It would give the president permission to go into war. Tom voted in favor of it and it was a mistake. Tom apologized several times.
Fred loved to play video games. He often would spend his evenings and weekends playing. Fred started getting headaches after each time he played. He went to the doctor who told him to cut back on playing. Fred stopped playing video games on the weekends.
Patricia was an avid and voracious reader. She went through books at an almost alarming rate. Her parents wondered if it could possibly be bad for her. Patricia insisted that it was for her education. Really she just loved all of the excellent adventures and characters.
There was a loud beeping noise outside. It wasn't a bus backing up. It wasn't a garbage truck. Kelenda thought maybe it was an alarm clock. It was the neighbor's obnoxiously loud alarm clock!
Dan checked the mail, and saw that the had a small colorful box there. Dan rushed inside to open the box, as he was curious of the contents. After opening, Dan realized it was a Army pin from his dad. Dan broke down in tears, because his dad had recently passed away. Dan was touched that he had received such a sentimental gift.
Bobby is out playing football with his friends. While running for a score he falls down. He grabs his foot and is screaming in pain. His friends rush over to check on him. They call an ambulance and take Bobby to the hospital.
Daniel needed access to a certain machine at work. He asked his supervisor who approved it, and sent in the paperwork. The IT department had to create credentials for his access. IT had Jim check to see if his credentials worked. His login did indeed work, and he was able to use the machine.
Tom decided to invite his wife to a dinner with his business partners. He introduced her as a good friend of his. His wife got furious and threw her drink at him. She walked away. Tom apologized later and revealed to his friends that they're married.
Jean's house had been a mess for days. The biggest problem was her kid's toys all over the place. She demanded that her kids clean up all of the toys. They were being very lazy so she offered to help. Luckily they helped her clean everything up.
Dan was not a very smart kid. For some reason, he was convinced he could fly. One day he climbed on to his roof and jumped off. He spread his wings and screamed that he was flying. Landing with a thud, Dan finally realized he could not fly.
Evelyn and Robert moved into a new home. Evelyn bought a few houseplants to liven up the place. Then a friend who was moving away gifted Evelyn some of his plants. Soon, everyone thought Evelyn was a plant fanatic. Now, everyone gives Evelyn house plants as gifts.
Kathryn and her husband wanted something fun to do with the family. They decided to plan a family bonfire. Kathryn's husband gathered the wood. Kathryn gathered the ingredients to make s'mores. The whole family had a wonderful evening.
My health has declined since the age of 13. Reasons unknown to doctors, although I've come to terms with it. As I grew up, my ideology was to live each day to its fullest. Through this outlook, I've realized a natural phenomenon. I feel much better, and the result is still unknown to doctors.
June was in charge of designing the post office. She was especially excited about the parking lot. June made the parking lot difficult to access. The post office parking lot became a point of anxiety for customers. June laughed about customers being angered by the design.
Nat wanted to learn how to ride horses. Because she was from the city, she never had the chance before. However, when she graduated college she decided to finally learn. She moved to New Mexico and got a job on a ranch. Now, she rides horses every day.
Roxy had a really bad craving for food. She didn't know what to eat. She got in her car to find something to eat close. She ended up going to Mcdonald's. It was closed for the holidays.
Gina's cousin Sherry wanted the kids to play outside in the summer. But Gina preferred to stay inside. After breakfast Gina hid in the basement. Sherry put the kids outside to play. And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone.
There times when Paddy wondered what he was doing with his life. He left school at 16 and went straight into working in a shop. He decided he would take college courses to improve his prospects. From his course in Media, he found his creative side. He now aims to work in the TV industry.
Molly's mother and father took her to a fancy restaurant. She ordered spaghetti. She liked  her food very much. She felt very fancy. Molly had a wonderful time!
Kevin had a big test in the morning. He decided to stay up all night studying. When it came time for the test Kevin was really tired. He kept falling asleep. Kevin did poorly on the test.
Jacob was a very prominent public figure. He made movies that were very controversial. His latest film took a different stance than his earlier works. Jacob got ridiculed by his former fans for changing sides. He wasn't upset because he had attained a new fan base.
John was a great baker. He had a chocolate chip cookie recipe people were dying for. He wouldn't tell anyone what the recipe was. Someone broke in and stole his recipe box. They were determined to find out the secret!
Tom was walking. He suddenly saw a wallet. He picked it up and tried to find the owner. He could not find him. He kept it.
Leighton was helping her friend pull off her dream wedding. Things were going well until it began to rain. Leighton was freaking out before she had a bright idea. She moved everything under a nice awning with a good view. The wedding proceeded near the gentle rain and it was lovely.
Bob was driving his truck down the road when it suddenly broke down. Bob looked under the hood but couldn't figure out what was wrong. He used his smartphone to look up possible explanations. It turns out that sometimes a fuse needs to be replaced in the engine. Bob replaced the fuse and the truck started right back up!
Sarah made cookies for her guest. They eat them fast and wanted more. So she got a new batch of cookies and put them in the oven. The cookies were done in thirty minutes. She handed the guess more cookies.
Sam didn't trust anyone. He didn't trust the bank with his savings. Instead, he stashed his money in secret hiding places. When Sam got hurt, he needed money for the hospital. But a case of amnesia left him unable to find his savings.
Peter found out he had an asthma. Doctor told him he should start to play some wind instrument. Peter chose the trumpet. His teacher told him his lungs are not strong enough. Peter decided to play the flute instead.
There was an old swimming hole by the Peterson's farm. Toby went over to take a dip. He jumped in and yelled cannonball. He had a wonderful time. Toby left and went back home, reveling in the swimming fun he had had.
Janet bought a birthday cake for her coworker. They presented it during a small office party. Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake. Janet apologized and felt embarrassed. Her coworker told her it was no big deal.
After the amputation, she was on bed rest. The hospital stay was lengthy. She was pumped full of numerous antibiotics. When the infection was cleared she was sent home. She began to heal and walk very slowly.
Jimbly Wimbly was stumbling around the forest. He didn't have a light or a compass. He was scared, Suddenly lights started circling him in the forest. It was his parents, who berated him for being an idiot.
Connor needed a summer job. He looked in the newspaper for job ads. He applied to several different jobs. Connor only heard back from one job that he applied for. He is now working as a camp counselor.
Sue was headed to the lake for the first time this year. At the lake they had installed a large bouncing ball in the water. Sue was excited to be play on the device. Once she got there she was overwhelmed by the size. She decided just to sit on the beach.
Todd wanted to go outside and play. He asked three of his friends if they wanted to play basketball. They went to the playground and formed two teams. Todd missed the basket 90 percent of the time when he threw the ball. Todd ended up throwing the winning shot for his team.
Brandon tried to peek at Jerry's text messages. He found out that Jerry is currently dating a guy. Two weeks after reading the text, Brandon avoided contact with him. Jerry tried to reach out to him. Brandon told him that he doesn't like homosexuals.
July was playing outside. And she saw an ice cream truck. She went up to it and asked for a popsicle. But the ice cream man didn't speak English well. Instead, he gave July a candy bar.
Spencer was a religious man. He felt inspired to leave home. He began to preach to others. He knocked on their door. Many people opened up to him.
Maria prepared for work and left the house. There was traffic on the road due to a car accident. Maria got caught in the traffic. She didn't arrive at her job until two hours later. Instead of going inside, she left and called in sick.
Tony got a new job. His coworkers noticed he smelled bad. Tony wasn't aware of it. The co workers kept dropping hints. Tony eventually figured out what they were trying to tell him.
Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday. He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash. Jackson was questioned by the host of the party about the wallet. Jackson lied and said he didn't see anyone take it. Jackson now lives with the guilt of being a thief.
Dan had always wanted to ride a motorcycle. However, he had never taken lessons. One year on a trip to Vietnam, he rented a motorcycle. Riding the motorcycle was one of the most fun things he had ever done. When he got home, And decided to take motorcycle lessons.
I went to get fast food for lunch today. The line was very long. I waited and waited until it was my turn. When I got the counter, they were out of the item I wanted. I was very disappointed.
She bought a pomeranian puppy. She named the red haired pup Foxy. Foxy ran around bouncing as she went. She was very tiny and could fit under the couch. We had to pull her out several times.
Tom bought ice cream at the store. He was stuck in traffic on the way home. It was a particularly hot day. By the time Tom got home the ice cream melted. He had to refreeze it to eat it.
Terry put glitter on all of her crafts. She was always finding glitter on her clothes and skin. She took a long shower to get it all off for a date. Terry got dressed up and met her date. Her date told her that she had some glitter on her face.
Steven is working on building houses. One day while working on a house the sky becomes dark. Steve tells his guys it won't rain. 30 minutes after he said that it starts to rain. Steve is stuck working in the rain.
Chris went to Disneyland for the first time last weekend. He was blown away by the cast members, characters, and rides. One of the princesses gave him a small button. It had previously fallen off of their shoe. Chris kept the button on his dresser as a small memory of fun times.
Jonathan was a huge comic book fan. He learned that one of his favorite comics was being adapted to film. He watched all the trailers with deep anticipation. He went with a group of friends to see the movie. Unfortunately Jonathan was severely disappointed in the movie.
I ran away from home for the first time when I was nine years old. I packed a sleeping bag, canned food, and a can opener into the bag. We lived not far from a large park, which is where I went. I spent the night in the park alone for one night, before I was found. My father whipped me with a belt for the first time.
Whitney wanted to go on a vacation. She didn't have enough money though. She saved all of her change for a year. She finally saved enough for her trip. She took her vacation in the summer.
Stef was trying to cash a birthday check at the bank. When she handed the check to the banker he started bawling. He told Stef she handed in paper the same way his ex wife used to. Stef didn't know what to do but she awkwardly sat with him. After an hour she left and went straight to open a new bank account.
Joe wanted a new tattoo. So he looked for a tattoo store online. He found one near him that had good reviews. So Joe went to the store. He got a nice tattoo on his back.
Ava's friends set er up on a date with a man they found online. Ava was hesitant. She thought the date would be a failure. She agreed to go anyways. To her surprise, she really liked the man they'd picked!
Harry lived by the ocean and loved it very much. He bought a large a fishing boat for himself. He docked his boat at the local marina. Harry didn't know the laws of driving a boat but drove anyway. He was pulled over by the coast guard and arrested for speeding.
Jim was an eccentric farmer. Every year he plowed his field with a horse-drawn plow. But then his horse died and there was no way to use the plow. Jim bought a fancy new tractor. He used it to drag his old horse plow around.
I went to Canada. Someone asked for sweet tea at a restaurant. The waitress asked if it was served cold. I had some too. It was just as good as I was used to.
I was raised in a certain religion. I came to have doubts about it as I was growing up. I did a lot of research about it while at college. I eventually concluded that the religion's claims were likely false. I do not share this with my family for fear of alienation.
Gina was watching the new sci-fi show at her uncle's house. Her siblings wanted to watch something else. Gina held the remote so they couldn't change the TV. They were out of town so no one knew the channel lineup. Without the remote they had no choice but to watch her show.
Helen decided to bake a cake for the birthday of her husband Paul. She put a dough into the oven. After the cake was baked, they started to eat. After first bite they found out she used salt instead of sugar. They both laughed.
Mary was walking to the percussion instruments. She ended up slipping since her shoes were untied. Her head landed on the drum set. She ended up being unconscious for a few seconds. The band instructor helped get get up.
Kane was taking a late night walk in the streets. When she came across the park, she saw someone on the ground. She decided to go closer to the person. When she found out that the person was dead, she was freaked out. Instead of calling the cops, she ran away due to her anxiety.
Tom's hair was going gray. He tried to dye it. He used cheap generic stuff he found at the store. When he went out that night it started to rain. The dye started to roll down Tom's face.
Tom was trying to cook dinner for his girlfriend. He decided to make a classic pasta dish. Unfortunately he left the pasta boiling too long. It came out really gross. Tom decided to just take his girlfriend out to a restaurant instead.
Harley was getting out of her comfort zone. She joined an adult ballet class. It caused her to push herself physically and mentally. She made great improvements over the months. She was able to make new friends and start a hobby later in life.
Betty wrote poems all day long. She would sell a few poems every month to pay her bills. Betty started getting writers block and decided to start a novel. She worked for weeks and submitted a draft for publication. Betty got published and was finally able to take a break from writing.
In middle school days, a young girl picked a fight with me. To this day I don't know why she had a problem with me. She swung at me, but I dodged her hits. I eventually decided to grab her hair and swung her body into a tree. After that she left me alone!
Kija has been researching methods of healthy eating. She finally settles on a meal replacement drink to start. She orders a crate of soylent and is excited when it arrives. Unfortunately, one swig of the drink makes her mouth itch and swell. Kija didn't know, but she's allergic to soy.
Lilly had 50 chocolate bars to sell for her club fundraiser. The money needed to be turned in one month. A few days before the deadline she realized she hadn't sold any. But there were only 10 candy bars left. She realized she had been snacking on them herself.
I was practicing Korean during the afternoon. However, I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it. I went on Ebay to search for more learning resources. Several were for sale such as comic books. I decided to purchase on of the books.
I finally paid off my credit card. I had been paying on it for months. A year ago, I had used it to pay for an online class. I almost paid it off, then I used it to pay for a vacation. Finally, both the class and the vacation are all paid off.
Sam was having a party for his friends later that day. He did not have time to buy a tablecloth for his table. Sam took a bedsheet and set it on his dining table. All of Sam's friends were impressed with his quick thinking. They said it was the nicest tablecloth they ever seen.
Jamie wanted to join the basketball team. He was rather short and small for his size. To improve his chance of joining the team he began to bulk up. Jamie spent time lifting weights and eating healthy. Jamies hard work paid off he was able to join the team.
Jim had gotten a new stereo system for his birthday. He decided to test out his new stereo. He played some Pink Floyd through his new stereo on full blast. The sound quality of his new stereo system was amazing. Afterwards, his neighbors called the police for a noise disturbance.
The couple had just bought a new bed. It was a beautiful cherry wood. They put it in their bedroom. It looked beautiful! They couldn't wait to decorate the bedroom around it.
Matthew felt like swimming. He jumped in the pool and instantly felt cool. He swam a few laps and then dove underwater. He did a flip and then came up for air. He loved swimming!
Natalie used to be an NFL cheerleader. She was always active and very fit as a cheerleader. But once Natalie retired from cheerleading she gained weight. She gained 15 lbs in two months and couldn't fit her clothes anymore. Natalie said she didn't like the way she looked and was very unhappy.
Drumbly Gumbly was dishonest. He lied his way into a hotel room on Christmas. Nobody realized he wasn't who he claimed to be. Not even the woman who was to meet the man he was impersonating. Though he was a liar, he carried out her requests diligently.
Lisa had a test tomorrow. The only problem was that she did not study. Lisa had ten hours until the test. Frantic, she started to cram. Unfortunately she was too tired to continue.
Jen has a big test tomorrow. Her teacher put the study guide online. Jen decided to ignore the study guide. When Jen got to her test, she did not know anything. Jen made a terrible grade on her test.
Michael walked along the halls at school. He heard something panting behind him. He slowly turned around. The principal was chasing a large dog. The principal chased the dog out of the school.
David was caring for his injured father. He would visit his father at the hospital every day. Lot's of people called David to offer him their condolences. David brought food to his father from home. David would come back home from the hospital at night.
The dog jumped on the bed while I worked. She wanted to have the bed to herself. She rested on the covers and put her head on my pillow. She cuddled with a stuffed horse. She fell asleep for a few hours.
Monique was finishing a new novel. Her nephew Gary was a rude little boy. She took the book and ripped it to shreds. Monique wasn't phased, she had made a copy. She took the copy and slapped Gary hard over the head with it.
A boy had a dream of playing basketball. The problem is, he was only five feet. So, he went out for the team at school. He made the team! After he made it, he vowed never to be taken down by defeat.
I had crooked teeth when I was 12. My dentist suggested I get braces. The orthodontist put the new braces on. The wait to see the final product was long. I was delighted with my new smile in the end though.
Martha invited her friend Nora to her house. Nora was a nosy little snoop. When Martha was in the kitchen, she poked through her stuff. She gasped when she found a loaded gun in a drawer by the couch. Before she could put it away, Martha returned and awkwardness ensued.
Tom's cat had kittens. The kittens played all day long. One of the kittens escaped out the back door of Tom's house. Tom searched for his lost kitten. After 20 minutes of looking, Tom found the kitten.
The bus dropped several kids off of the bus stop. Jen got out and spent five minutes walking home. She became nervous since she couldn't find her house keys. Since none of her family were home, she sat down and waited for them. Her brother finally came after a few hours.
Sam heard a knock on the front door. No one was there when he opened it. While he walked back to his room, the knocking resumed. Sam went out the back door and walked to the front to see who it was. He saw a kid laughing as he ran away to prank the house next door.
Vickie carried her cello back and forth to school everyday. One day she got tired of carrying it to school. So she talked to her music teacher. She followed his advice. Vickie now plays violin.
I worked cleaning up an old man's house. He had a massive lilac bush. At the start of the day, I would trim off a few bunches of flowers. I'd put them in my car so the sun would bake them. By the end of the day, my car smelled wonderful.
Tom wanted to add a wing to his house. He wanted to do most of the work himself. He had friends help with work. He bought parts and pieces on sale. It took a while but Tom finished a good project.
I was at school yesterday and I saw Erica. She was looking under desk and in trash cans. I asked Erica what she was doing. She said she lost her sunglasses. I told Erica her sunglasses are on her head.
Henry received his meal prep from the delivery man. He quickly opened the box. His sister helped him prepare hamburgers using the ingredients. He was a little hesitant to make anything. However, he successfully made it.
Jake loved going to the library. This weekend he was particularly excited. They got a new selection of science fiction books. Those are Jake's favorite. He took several home.
Sheila had a beautiful new baby. She and her husband had been trying to have a baby for years. The day the baby was born there was a big celebration. Everyone brought presents to the hospital. Sheila was so excited that she started crying.
George had to buy gifts for his children for Christmas. He did not know what to get. He went to the Apple Store. He figured everyone likes technology. He bought 3 ipods.
One day my girlfriend and I were bored. We thought about things we would like to do. We decided we wanted to go shopping. We put clothes on and went to the car. Eventually we arrived at the mall.
Don was watching TV one night. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his chest. He called 911 quickly. The ambulance came and rushed him to the hospital. There, a doctor said Don's chest pain was harmless angina.
Dennis was always scared of the dentist. We were always unsure as to why, but he was terrified! As friends we looked around for another dentist that he could use. We eventually found a very nice lady dentist. When Dennis went to this new dentist he was no longer scared!
One day I was cooking in the kitchen. However, I got distracted. I reached in the over to check the pan. I completely forgot how hot the pan was. I burned my whole hand.
Terrence used to laugh at the guys who ran track at his high school. One day, Coach Fuller convinced him to try out for the team. He was surprised to find he really enjoyed running. Terrence became the best runner on the team. He ended up winning State in the 100 meter dash.
Ever since she was a child, Julia had loved stained glass. She bought some to put in her front window. She thought it was beautiful! There was a big storm and the window was shattered. Julie was heartbroken!
Joan wanted a to buy her first car. Her parents told her she would have to pay for it herself. Joan picked out a car but it cost way more than her allowance. Joan got a job and saved for months. Joan went and bought her new car with her own money.
Toni was walking by the pool. Her friend Lewis pushed her in. Tonic was furious. She wanted to get him back. When she got out she pushed him in.
Molly had been scared of storms since she was a child. Her family had just moved to Kansas. She was terrified that a tornado would destroy their home. One day their was a terrible storm. Molly hid in the basement but learned storms could not hurt her.
My son really likes trains. I decided to take him to the train museum. He liked it a lot and always asks to go back. I take him there once a week. I hope he becomes a train engineer someday.
I was a clown for children's birthday parties. The gig did not pay well. I was sad and suicidal all the time. But, I had to put on a smile for the kids. I realized that I should have gone to college.
Bill and Amy dated for four years. They finally decided to get engaged. Bill's father disapproved of the impending marriage. This put a strain on Bill's relationship with his father. After the wedding things were never the same between Bill and his dad.
Ted broke his leg. He got a wheelchair to get around town. He got pretty good and pushing himself around. One day, his wheel got stuck! Ted had to call for help.
Josh wanted to play video games instead of going to work. His wife hates when he does that, so he lied to her. When she came home and found he hadn't gone to work, she left. Josh's wife stayed at her mother's house that night. The next day, his wife asked him for a divorce.
Javier noticed that he was developing dandruff. He was not sure what was causing his dandruff. Eventually Javier decided to try a new shampoo. Soon his dandruff was gone. Javier felt much better.
I decided to try to bake a jelly roll for the holidays. I used flour, sugar, and followed the recipe. I filled the dough with jelly and cream. I baked them for 30 minutes. I ate 3 jelly rolls because they were so delicious.
Sally was eating a burger at home. She got thirsty. She got up to look for something to drink. She found some juice in the refrigerator. Sally drank it greedily.
Fred and his girlfriend rose were happy it was Valentine's Day. They decided to have a romantic evening out at a restaurant. They went to the new place that just opened up. The food was amazing. The two then went for a walk in the park.
Jordan was at the library. She didn't have a card, so she sat there to read. She was really into her book but they were closing soon. She decided to steal the book. She ripped off the jacket and barcode, and then ran out with the book.
Andrew wanted to invite Lexie to the prom. He was nervous because he had never asked a girl out before. He attached a note to her favorite candy. It said that it would be sweet if they went to prom together. He was overjoyed when she said she would go with him.
Jack was a high school senior. He had never made below an A on a test. This year he was taking calculus. On his first test he made a B. Jack was devastated.
Ben accidentally left the door open before heading out to work. His dog saw this as an opportunity to escape from the house. When Ben came home, his dog was gone. He drove around the neighborhood several times looking for his dog. He eventually found his dog inside a neighbor's open garage.
I wanted to buy a purple blouse. I also wanted to be a responsible traveler. So I rode my bicycle to my favorite boutique. I found a gorgeous purple blouse that suited me. On the bike ride home, I smiled and waved to many people.
Tom was a high school basketball player. Tom wanted to play in college. Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship. Tom's cousin was on a football scholarship in college. Tom's cousin introduced Tom to a college basketball coach.
Today was Tom's first day of high school. He was nervous because he didn't know anyone at this new school. His first class started with group introductions. He met many new friends in this first class. Tom was a little less nervous about the rest of the school day.
Chris is a mechanical engineering student. He's been having a rough time, though. Chris has been going to tutoring for physics. His grades have improved since he started. He will use tutoring more frequently in the future.
Kelley bought some stock. The price rose. But she did not sell. It dropped the next day. Kelley should have sold sooner.
Tom wanted to vote in the upcoming election. Tom was far away from his home state. Tom filed an absentee ballot. Tom successfully voted in the election. Tom accomplished his goal of voting.
James had a roach problem. He bought traps to try to kill them. The traps were not very effective. James reluctantly bought some bug spray the next day. The bug spray helped James get rid of the roaches.
Janet was out drinking with some girlfriends. She accidentally drank too much. She ended up becoming black out drunk. She woke up in her bed the next morning. She didn't remember anything.
Linda thought the new guy was cute, but she wouldn't date him. A few days ago he asked her out to lunch. She accepted and they talked about work and hobbies. He later asked her out on a date but she said no. He called her tease and Linda was scared and told her boss.
Everyone in town called the two women the Muldoon Twins. In reality, they were mother and daughter. They lived alone and were very mean to everyone in town. The papers read one morning that the mother had died. Everyone was shocked to learn they weren't sisters.
This year was the first time my family participated in the egg hunt. The hunt was at the park by the lake. We found most of our eggs by the docks. We had a lot of fun looking for eggs as a family. We decided to do it again next year.
Sara had her friends over on Saturday night. They watched movies and ate popcorn. But then they realized it had gotten very late! Sara's friends all called their parents and asked to stay over. Sara's night turned into a two-day sleepover!
My diet said to weigh myself before I left for work this morning. I read the numbers and I knew I would not be eating much today. I skipped lunch and ate an apple to kill my hunger pains. I ate a beet and lettuce salad for dinner. I had actually lost two pounds when I weigh myself in the evening.
I'd heard that putting phone books in a car door makes it bulletproof. I wanted to test that out to see if it was true. I got a car door from a junkyard and stuffed it with phone books. I then, carefully of course, shot the car door twice with a handgun. Sure enough, the bullets didn't go all the way through!
I signed up for an anatomy class. On the first day, we had to explore human hearts. The professor passed out real embalmed hearts. I fainted upon seeing the hearts. I realized anatomy wasn't for me.
Billy came to pick Susan up for prom. Susan's mom took lots of pictures. They left for the dance in a shiny car. When they got there, Susan had such a good time. Billy and Susan really enjoyed their prom.
Gina needed money and her mother suggested she call her dad. She had done so and he was bringing the money today. Gina and her dad weren't close so she was nervous to see him. He stayed and chatted for an hour, and Gina felt more relaxed. When he left he handed Gina a $100 bill.
Erika goes to school everyday except Sundays. She manage to go to school and do house chores when at home. Erka was invited by her friend to go the mall after school. But Erika resisted it because she know her priorities. She never priorities hanging out with friends than helping at home.
Melinda wanted to breakup with her boyfriend. She went to the library and met him there. Her eyes started watering. She could hardly contain herself. She finally told him the truth and walked away in tears.
JayLo wanted a brand new car from a dealership. His wife Sina agreed, as long as the payments were reasonable. But JayLo had no credit, so the payments were very, very high. Sina put her foot down! Reluctantly, JayLo declined the salesman's offer.
Kate was trying to make a cake. She mixed her ingredients well. Then she put it in the oven. But she forgot to set the timer! Kate's cake ended up burning.
Tom and Chris were best friends. They enjoyed skating together. They decided to visit a lake. The lake was frozen over since it was very cold. They decided to ice skate across the lake for fun.
Michael was bored. He decided to go to Shelby's house. Michael rode his bicycle to Shelby's house. They had fun playing together. After they played, Michael came home.
A woman was working at the hotel and an angry customer approached. The customer was complaining about the food. She was not able to do anything about the food, and talked back. She successfully calmed the customer down due to her training. Her boss complimented her ability at the end.
Cecily liked scary stories and read all that she could. She regretted it though because she lived alone and got scared. She tried to give up her spooky books, but missed them too much. Her friend asked her to join a book club where they read together. Cecily felt much better when she could share her stories with others.
The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs. The kids avoid it because there are too many webs. I sprayed it out with Raid but didn't like that solution. Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners. Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders.
Sally's Grandmother had a birthday coming up. She couldn't come up with anything to give her. When looking through some photo albums she noticed some old pictures. Sally created a scrapbook of her Grandmother's life. Grandmother was so happy with it, she almost cried.
Joey got home from work. When he walked into his house there was a strange smell. He could not find where the smell was coming from. He looked all over his house with no result. Than he found an old fish in his garbage can.
Joe didn't notice the gate was open when he let his dog out. He called after her as she ran down the street. He spent hours looking for her to no avail. He came home feeling very sad. And he found his dog waiting for him by the door!
My friend Bob is a creature of habit. Every morning he drives to a local bakery. He orders a coffee and a Danish for breakfast. One day the bakery shut down and he was sad. Luckily a new owner reopened the bakery six months later.
Jake had never played poker before. He decided to join a tournament and learn as he played. He lost almost immediately. He was unable to play more games due to being eliminated. Jake decided to learn to play properly instead.
Jess was overweight and wasn't happy with her body. She ate fast food every evening for dinner. Jess made the decision to start making home cook meals. She also began to go to the gym every evening. Before she knew it she was no longer overweight and happy.
Clark was notorious for being easy to anger. Wendy's children left their toys on his yard overnight. When the discovery was made, Clark banged on her door. Wendy answered, apologizing to the grumpy old man. She quickly had the children go over and collect their belongings.
Lori moved into a new neighborhood. One day her mailman put someone else's mail in her mailbox. Lori took the mail to the correct address. The woman at that address was rude to Lori. Lori decided that she did not want to be friends with this woman.
Bob had to get to an important meeting for work. He left work early in order to get to work on time. On his way there was a car accident that created a traffic jam. He waited for 30 minutes before he was able to move. When he got to work he apologized to his boss.
Scott is told he needs surgery to take out his appendix. Scott is very scared and doesn't wanna have surgery. His friends try and comfort him. They give him the courage to have the surgery. Scott has his surgery and makes a full recovery.
Kelley was planning on having an engagement party. She was quite excited. Yet an hour before, it started raining. Kelly was disappointed. Luckily, however she was able to have the party without major downfall.
Jessica and Ted were proud parents of their young son. One day their son brought home his first middle school report card. Jessica was proud of her son. She bought magnets to put the report card on the refrigerator. She posted the report card there proudly.
Dillon was frustrated in his relationship. His girlfriend always told him what to do. Wanting to avoid conflict, Dillon complied with her requests. Fed up after 6 months, Dillon decided to take charge of his life. He broke up with his girlfriend, and is much happier now.
Patrick was wandering through the forest. He saw something slinking next to him in the shadows Patrick began to get scared of what was there. He decided to yell out and try to scare whatever it was. His best friend popped out, laughing.
The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.
Lorraine noticed her finger nail was looking ragged. She showed her mama the ragged fingernail. Her mama gave her a nail file to fix it. Lorraine filed the ragged edge of her nail until it was smooth. She returned the nail filed to her mama when she was finished.
Amy was going to a party thrown by Ella. Her crush Ray was Ella's brother. She dressed silently thinking of what she would say to Ray. When it was time to go she could feel her stomach doing flips. She gathered her courage and began the walk to Ella's.
Lily went to plant some flowers. She took some seeds and water and started planting. A month later, she saw flowers blooming. She picked them up and made a bouquet. She ended up giving them to her friends.
Bev filled the dog's bowl on the porch for the night. She awoke to scuffling sounds and excited barking. On the porch, Bev saw her dog barking at the door of the dog house. Bev bent, stuck her head inside and saw glowing eyes. Then, a startled possum scurried out and across the yard.
My wife took the bus downtown the other day. She brought her metro card. She thought it had money on it, but it did not. The bus driver showed her how to add value to the card. She thanked him for his courtesy.
Bob's granddaughter had gotten lost. He had her now, but she was still afraid. He wanted to calm the child's mind. He told her a story of being lost for half a day as a child. The story made the girl smile even if it were a lie.
Jim wanted to go to sleep. He was feeling really tired. He could not fall asleep no matter how hard he tried. His neighbors were playing music way too loud. He politely told them to turn the music down.
Tim loved watching television. He would frequently use the remote to change channels. One day, the remote stopped working. Tim bought new batteries. Tim fixed the remote by replacing the batteries.
Trip loves to go fishing but he hates going alone. He met a fellow fisherman at the local bait shop. They went fishing together and had a great time. Trip later asked his friend to meet up. Now they're dating and Trip couldn't be happier.
Johann is trying to learn more about American culture. One of his friends recommends that he tries playing basketball. At first, Johann finds it very difficult. Eventually he learns more about how to play. Johann is glad he learned about American culture through basketball.
Chad was going to the shelter today to adopt a dog. Chad was excited that he would be a proud dog owner. As Chad entered the shelter, a hefty black lab approached him. It was almost an instant connection for Chad and the dog. Chad was excited to have his new dog join him at home.
Lily and her friends went to the roller rink. Her friends immediately started skating. Lily was more hesitant. She could hardly skate herself. Luckily her friends taught her.
Suzie and her mom both loved to shop. They decided to go the mall. They must have visited every store in the mall. Suzie found some nice things as did her mom. They both had a great time shopping.
The deadline for Dave's research paper was approaching. He was almost finished but was having trouble with the conclusion. He went to his professor for some advice. His professor advised him to just tell the truth. Dave made the conclusion about his difficulty reaching a conclusion.
My family took a basket of food to the beach. My sister handed my brother a piece of chicken. He started to eat it. A flock of birds were moving towards him. He started to run away from them.
Chase and his friend were sleeping outside in their yard. They were feeling a bit cold. Chase told his friend to wait a second. He went inside and came back with some warm bags. The bags were full of microwaved corn that kept them warm.
Eve had competed in pageants before. She had never competed for a state title. She decided to give it a try. She made all the necessary preparations. She won the crown.
We walked into the pet store. We were going to just look at all the animals. We went to the fish section. My son saw some fish that looked electric. He said he wanted one for his birthday.
Danny was going swimming at the public pool down the road. Danny got to the pool and realized it was pool. The pool was being cleaned. Danny went back home. He returned to swim the next day.
Kim loved the beach. She was just afraid of the water. She decided to take swimming lessons. They were all at a pool but they helped. Kim had more confidence to go into the ocean.
John got a job. He was a pizza delivery boy. He enjoyed the hustle and bustle of meeting new people. On his first night he made over $100 in tips. John loved his job.
Alice went on a Disney cruise with her family. She thought it would be fun. However during the trip they had to be let off early. Something was wrong with the ship. Alice was disappointed.
One day Sarah went to the beach with her friends It was a gorgeous sunny day! Sarah's friend was afraid to go in the water She told Sarah she couldn't swim Sarah spent all day teaching her friend how to swim.
My first good camera was a twin lens reflex. I bought a Yashica. It was a copy of the famous Rolleiflex. You had to look down the camera to view the subject. Nowadays I just use a digital camera.
Sarah was making spaghetti sauce. As she was making her sauce, she reached for the garlic powder. However, the top fell off. Her entire sauce was full of garlic. Luckily, her family loved garlic.
Kate wanted to put a table in the basement. But none of her brothers would help her. She dragged a small table from the garage to the back door. She slowly lowered the table down the stairs on it's face. She was horrified to see she had scratched the finish on the table.
Kirk grew up in a circus in Romania. One performance, he swung from the trapeze. Kirk lost his grip and fell down to the floor. The audience screamed, thinking he would die. Kirk landed instead on a giant net and bounced back safely.
Jane was at her brother's baseball game. She was sitting in the bleachers. Suddenly, a girl near her fell through the seats. She hit her head on the ground. Luckily, there was a doctor there to help her.
Jill was turning seven today. She really, really hoped she was getting a puppy for her birthday. She opened all her gifts but no puppy! She was feeling sad because that was all she really wanted. Then her Aunt Gwen came in carrying a little white dog for her!
All of Seth's friends at school drive their own cars. He feels ashamed that he doesn't have a car of his own. Seth works very hard to save money for a car. Finally he has enough money to buy a car. Seth is happy that he finally has a car like all his friends.
Lizzie couldn't find a job. So she decided to start her own company. She grew that company out of nothing. A competitor bought it! Now Lizzie won't ever have to have a job again.
We went to Silver Dollar City in April. We rode the trolley to all the little stops inside. We also played on the go carts, and bumped into each other a lot. We played games, and ate lots of junk food. Our favorite was the funnel cakes.
When I first got a guitar it hurt to play it. It left my fingertips swollen and sore. I then spent every night on the couch practicing. Soon my fingertips had grown thick callouses. I had also learned to play a number of songs.
Billy loved to climb mountains. One day he decided to roll rocks down the mountain side. Billy's dad told him that was a bad idea. The rocks could hit people below. Billy never rolled rocks down the mountain again.
Everyday for a month we had bad food for lunch at school. However, starting next month we were promised Pizza. We were all excited. When next month came by, we didn't get any pizza. All the kids were disappointed.
I went to a restaurant. I ordered fries. They put ketchup on the fries. I was furious at the awful site. After complaining, I was given delicious, ketchup free fries.
Eric was not a good fisherman. He would fish for days and get nothing at all. Then he got a new lure at the bait shop. He tried it out for the first time. He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day.
Morgan decided to get herself a snack. She took some cookies from the pantry. She sat at the table with her cookies. She ate them happily. The cookies were a great choice for a snack.
When I was a boy my parents used to take my brother and I to the park. We would play and have a lunch and just walk around. One day the park all the picnic benches were full we had one. These two police officers has come up and ask if they could join us. After they had lets us operate the police car lights and siren .
John has been studying to become a licensed plumber. John works as a plumber's apprentice and is learning the trade. Two weeks before the written exam, John came down with pneumonia. John was very sick and couldn't study for his exam for two weeks. John took the exam feeling unprepared and did not pass it.
Jill was coming home from work. She just had to pick up a few things. She walked into the gas station. Bought a bag of chips and a lottery ticket. Later that night she couldn't believe it she had won it all!
Suzy wanted to make it to the sale. Time was running out. She raced out of the house to go there. Finally she got there. But it was too late as everything was sold out.
Justin asked Abby to the dance. Abby looked surprised at Justin. Justin started to walk away. Abby ran up to him. Abby put his hand in hers.
Laura lost her teddy bear. She looked everywhere for her teddy, but couldn't find it. Finally, Laura began to cry in despair. She was on the floor crying when she spotted something under her bed. Laura stopped crying as she pulled her teddy from under her bed.
Rosetta gave us an homework assignment yesterday. She discovered today no one did the work. She asked every student in the class what happened? None of the students had acceptable answers. Rosetta gathered her things, looked us in the eyes and said Bye!
The tennis match was very close. Whoever scored the next point would win. Evie took a deep breath as she served for match point. Her opponent missed! Evie had won the match.
Ben signed up for a pen pal list. He went to the store and bought stamps and envelopes. Ben wrote a letter to his pen pal and sent it out. Ben waited for a few weeks for a response. One day, Ben finally received a letter from his pen pal.
Chris needs to find a cheaper apartment. He begins searching for a new place to live. He finds a nice apartment uptown. Chris moves all his belongings into his new apartment. Finally he is home in his new place.
Julie and Mike have been dating for five years. One day,they were out at lunch. Mike decided to take Julie shopping. He took her to a jewelry store. While at the jewelry store he popped the question.
Tom was walking his dog one day. He saw another dog and ran after it. Tom wasn't able to catch up to it. Tom looked for the dog for months. Eventually he decided to get another one.
I was walking down the streets of Tripoli. A little girl was walking next to me. We approached the intersection and I stopped. The girl kept walking onto the road. I quickly grabbed her and pushed her back before the cars came.
Jane was determined to cook more healthy meals for her family. Her first attempt to cook tofu was a failure. She decided to disguise it as chicken. She served the meal and waited for a response. To her delight no one realized her deception.
Julie was at the beach with her boyfriend. He was acting kind of strange. He started telling her that he loved her. Suddenly, he pulled a ring out. He was proposing, and Julie said yes.
Allan has a cat living in his yard. His wife approves of the cat. The cat catches mice for them. One day Jenna gave the cat food. The cat decided to stick around.
I was looking for someone to date. I tried everything. From online dating sites to friends recommendations. None of these options worked well. Maybe I should be less picky.
Jim walked back to the lobby from his dental exam. He was presented the bill for his visit. Jim asked if there had been some mistake printing it. It seemed to him there might be an extra zero. The desk person assured him it was correct.
Tina wanted to go to the drive in. So she invited her friend Stacy. Stacy did not want to go. It was too expensive. So Tina had to find someone else to take instead.
Amy was having a bad day. First, her hair looked bad. Then, her clothes were too tight. After that, Amy was late for work! Amy felt sad and angry about the bad things in her day.
Mary was nervous about the first day of school. On the bus and met a girl named Bethany. The two girls had a lot in common. They played together every day. The two girls became best friends.
Sarah had to wash lots of dishes every day. But eventually, the noise became too much to handle. She bought ear muffs to protect her ears. And they did a good job of blocking loud noises. However, they made her ears and head hot.
The man swam in the river. He got caught in the current. He was having a hard time getting out. He floated down the river until the current got slower. He was able to get out of the river then.
Sam asked if he could live with his aunt. He was at her house all the time. She took him to the zoo. She bought him a stuffed giraffe. She let him touch the stingrays.
Jade was a huge Disney fan. She wanted to go to Disneyworld really bad. Jade picked up an extra job and worked long hours. She saved every dime that she made. Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney.
Kim and Tim were are the park on a cool fall day. They stopped to sit on a bench and saw a Cocoa vendor nearby. Tim purchased Kim a large cocoa with whipped cream. Kim and Tim sat in the park and sipped cocoa. Kim thanked Tim and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Mindy washes all the laundry for her husband and two kids. One day she threw a load into the dryer and went to the store. The house was on fire when they arrived home. The dryer apparently caught fire and they weren't there to stop it. Mindy now hand washes and air dries the family's clothes.
Adam chose to give his class a lecture about economics. While preparing for class, he realized he'd left his notes at home. Unsure about what to do, he pondered giving the lecture without notes. After much deliberation, he decided to go back home and retrieve them. With his notes, he was able to give a smooth lecture later that day.
Patricia thought if she could find a man it would make her happy. She did everything to try and attract men to her. She met a man named Bill but he loved her for her personality. He told her that she didn't need to put on such an act for him. She was relieved that she found the man of her dreams.
The construction workers were working on a new recreational center. They finished the gymnasium and were building a new bathroom. I looked over their work as a manager. Once the sun came down, I told everyone to pack up. They covered their work and left.
Usually, my mom hates birds. My pet bird repeats everything you say. I taught him to say I love you. He said it to my mom. My mom fell in love with the bird!
For 4th of July Jennie's parents were taking her to fireworks. She had never been to a real display before. She was very excited as darkness fell. Finally the first firework exploded into the air. She was surprised at how loud it was!
When I was a kid, my friends and I snuck into an R rated movie. The movie was an obscure art film. It was very boring. My friends wanted to leave. We snuck out of the R rated movie.
Simon and his brother Jimmy wanted to make some extra money. They opened a lemonade stand in front of their house. Soon other kids in the neighborhood noticed and came to help. At the end of the day, the other kids demanded a share of the profit. Simon and Jimmy were upset because they didn't want to share.
Tom was walking back home from school. He crossed a bush making a peculiar sound. He decided to investigate the bush. There were starving kittens and their mother beneath the leaves! Tom took them all home to nurse them back to health.
Carlos sent invitations for everyone to eat at the Thai restaurant. He called and made reservations for his friends and family. Everyone arrived and ordered their food. After they ate, the waiter brought out a big cake. His friends and family sang Happy Birthday and they ate cake.
Bob bought an oil change business on a busy highway. Very few people came to his business. He decided to advertise his business in the local paper. He ran an ad that offered discounts and promotions. His business picked up tremendously.
I needed new internet for my house. The current internet was very slow. I called up the cable company. Everything they offered was too expensive. Finally, I decided to just use the internet at the library.
Billy's mother set his alarm clock, so he could get up on his own. Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left. The morning came and he did not wake up. His mother came in and poured cold water on him to wake him. He now keeps his alarm set hoping we wakes before his mother comes.
Sharon called the radio station to request a song. The DJ answered and told her that she is caller ten. Sharon asked if she could request a song. The DJ told her that she won a cash prize. Sharon yelled in excitement.
Jimmy was crying after he finished his bottle. His picked him up from the floor. He decided to read a bedtime story to Jimmy. After a few minutes, he went to sleep. His father placed him inside of his crib.
One day it was so hot that I couldn't breathe. I was in the house and every fan was turned on. Unfortunately, my air conditioner was broken. I wondered what the temperature was and walked over to the thermostat. It was 112 degrees!
I am staring at the clock non stop. Waiting for school to end and summer to begin. Thinking of all the things I can do. The last day of school seems the longest. However, I know soon school will end.
A tycoon started a horse breeding business. He bought a really nice pair of horses. They bred a smaller horse. It grew up strong. It ended up winning competitions.
I live in a small suburban neighborhood. One morning I woke up to a large amount of construction. I went out to see what it was and was very disappointed. It was a McDonald's. I knew that my new neighbor would be the cause of my obesity.
I don't know how to stop my husband's drinking. He has been sick all weekend. He drank forty beers in 2 days. He woke up very sick today. He says he will try to stop.
Holly was a good neighbor. Whenever the neighbors came to visit her, she would be very gracious. She would serve them food and beverage. Her neighbors thought highly of her. They would praise her for being such a good person.
Tom had suddenly realized he was experiencing too much daily stress. He worked to combat this by being mindful of relaxation. He would try to relax while working. He learned tension decreased vitality. He learned relaxation is the opposite of tension and practiced this.
Quentin notices that the trash has been accumulating in his apartment. He knows it's time to take out the trash. He finally gets out of bed to take it out. He brings the trash to the alley behind his apartment. Quentin feels exhausted but accomplished.
Becka felt her beauty would always get her out of trouble. After leaving a party, she decided to drive herself home. Becka was drunk and her driving showed it. A police officer spotted her and pull her over. Becka tried to bribe her way out of it but was arrested for DUI.
I decided to baked a pumpkin pie. First I looked for my favorite recipe in my cookbook. I opened a can of pumpkin. I poured the pumpkin in the shell with the egg and spices. I baked the pie in the oven.
Carlos ran a fruit stand at the farmer's market. Business was going well. Carlos noticed a man pick up an apple and pocketed it. As the man walked away, Carlos chased him down. The man looked ashamed as he returned the apple.
Beth really wanted to play in the leafs. So she asked her dad if she could. So he went out and raked them all up. She ran out and jumped in them. She loved playing in them so much.
Dakota loved December. He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays. Early in December Dakota lit candles for eight nights. Later in December he baked Christmas cookies. The last day of December he stayed up till midnight to ring in the New.
Every year there is a bowling tournament. The tournament raises money for MS awareness. They have basket raffles and other prizes. The turnout gets bigger and bigger each year. I love it and can't wait for it to come again this year.
My roommate and I went to the basketball game. The Hawks were playing the Detroit Pistons. We arrived at the game midway through the first quarter. We enjoyed ourselves because the home team won the game. Afterwards, we grabbed a bite to eat and returned home.
Flying from Las Vegas to Austin or Dallas is unusually cheap. Rarely do I have to pay over $40 for a one way trip. My first time doing it, I was shown how to find flights online. I paid for my first flight on my cell phone in minutes! I was on a plane to another state within a week for $21.
Laura ran out of money to furnish her new home and was discouraged. Driving home one day, she saw an old writing desk sitting on the curb. It was scarred and dirty, but it was free, so Laura took a chance. Washing, sanding, and a few coats of stain worked miracles. For the price of elbow grease and imagination, she had a new treasure.
Mina was an elementary school teacher. During a fundraiser, she promised to have shave her hair as a prize. When the funds had been raised, she followed through with her promise. She had all of her hair shaved off during an assembly. Everyone loved it and found it hilarious.
John always wanted a real Rolex. He finally bought himself as a college graduation present. He selected a gold one. Everyone was very impressed by it. John wore it everywhere he could.
Tom had a big date. He was extra nervous about it. Tom got a cold sore because of it. He tried to fix it but it wouldn't go down. Tom wound up cancelling the date.
Ted was never a big fan of reading books. He often thought he should read more, but he just wasn't interested. One day at a friend's house, he saw a biography of a former president. Ted started reading this book and found it fascinating. Now, Ted reads at least one biography every week.
Heath heard a strange noise in the dark. He got up to see what the noise was. He found his dog in the kitchen. The dog had gotten into the dog food and made a mess. Heath put his dog in the utility room and cleaned the mess.
There was a purple rain coat on the couch. Suzy didn't know where it had come from. She asked her roommate if it belonged to her. Her roommate said she borrowed it from a friend. Suzy was tempted to take the coat because it was, indeed, cute.
Tom was going on a cruise. He got stuck in traffic. By the time Tom arrived the boat was leaving. Tom wasn't able to get on. He had to find a way to meet it at the next port.
John had been unemployed for nearly six months. John needed to find a job as his unemployment benefit was running out. John looked for work day and night. Finally John found a job that he was qualified for. John was interviewed and hired for the job he qualified for.
Tommy's mom died a year ago. He has dealt with his mom's death very negatively. Eventually Tommy saw a therapist. The therapist helped Tommy deal with his mom's death. Tommy is doing better since talking with the therapist.
Bob and Kim were excited to move into their new house. They scheduled the movers to arrive with their stuff on the big day. Bob got to the front door to enter the new house for the first time. He realized that he did not have the key for the lock. Moving in would have to wait until the key was found.
Chad was sick last week. He called his boss and told him he would not be in. His boss was mad. Chad was nervous about going back to work. When he went back his boss yelled at him.
It has been raining for days. Right now I can hear thunder. It is starting to trickle from the sky, bit by bit. I just received a special weather statement. The storm is going to be a big one.
Sarah was arguing with her boyfriend. Things escalated until he kicked her out of the house. She wandered around town not sure what to do. After what seemed like forever her boyfriend asked her to come back. The two talked and finally managed to make up.
Jane went on a date. They went to a hot new restaurant. They each ordered a cocktail. The waitress dropped the drinks on Jane. Jane went home early.
Sarah only had a carrot for lunch. Her friends made fun of her strange choice for lunch. She shook off their jeers and told them it was very healthy. She offered them a piece of her carrot. The friends all accepted her offer and enjoyed the carrot.
Kim bought new plants. She was worried about keeping them alive. She made sure to water them often. They still got droopy and started dying. Kim realized she was over-watering\ them.
Ted loved rodents. He bought a rat from the pet store. He brought the rat home and put him in his cage. David woke up to someone screaming. The rat got out of it's cage, and it crawled into his parent's bed.
Yesterday I celebrated my thirty fourth birthday today. I had a big party and invited all of my friends. Everyone showed up and we had a lot of fun. I had a great time and I can't wait for my next party. I am already planning my next birthday party.
Jeff was storing things in his attic. He noticed a nest of spiders in the attic. Jeff went to the store and bought some insect spray. He returned to the attic. Jeff sprayed the spiders with the spray.
Everyday Bob's mother added applesauce to his lunchbox. Bob always tried to give the applesauce away at school. But nobody wanted the gross applesauce. One day, Sarah accepted it. She only kept it because she liked Bob.
Sam was trying to light a fire on a camping trip. It was extremely windy, though. Every time he lit a match, it would go out. He had to hold his hand in front of it to stop this from happening. It took an hour, but he finally managed to get a fire going.
Dan found a baby bird on the ground in his yard. He took the bird inside to warm up and fed him. The bird had a broken leg which Dan didn't know how to fix. He took the bird to the vet and had him set the leg. A few weeks later the bird recovered and flew away.
In Victorian England, a lone man went to farms in the countryside. He sold red dye to mark sheep of the farmers. He was always caked in red dye, and looked like a demon. He had no friends or lovers because of his strange occupation. One day, he took a bath and all the ladies noticed his good looks.
Toby was the Sullivan family's very first dog. He was a rat terrier who loved playing catch. He was great with the children, and their cats. He was considered one of the family members. Toby lived until he was 16 years old.
Tom wanted to work at a coffee shop. Usually, he worked at home. Tom had always found the coffee shop distracting. Tom purchased nice headphones. Tom was able to focus, at the cafe, when using headphones.
Two ladies were in front of the club. The bouncer started at them carefully. He asked them if they're wearing any wigs. When they said no, he grabbed their hair and pulled them off. The bouncer eventually kicked them out.
James loved pizza. One night he forgot to put the pizza away. When he woke up he saw it was left out all night. He grabbed a piece a took a huge bite. James loved cold counter pizza even more then when it was fresh.
He was depressed about not working. He sat at his computer and stewed. Suddenly, a cigarette package hit me in the face. He had thrown it at me in anger and disgust. I started crying because there was nothing I could do.
Peter needed to buy postage stamps. He stood in line at the post office. Little by little, the line moved forward. Finally, Peter reached the front counter. He paid ten dollars for a book of stamps.
Arlo came home angry one day. He had gotten a rope jammed in the chain of his bike. He showed this to his roommate Amelia. Right away, Amelia figured out how to fix it. Arlo was eternally grateful to Amelia after this.
I spied the unopened bag of candy corn. My eyes quickly scanned the room. Sarah was nowhere to be seen. It was time to act. Sarah return to find an empty bag of candy corn.
Arthur and his friends were under eighteen. One Sunday they were out of control and wanted money. Arthur suggested they rob someone. They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack. He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act.
Tyler decides to pull the ultimate school prank. He gets a group of friends to trash the principles house. While trashing the house someone calls the cops. The cops catch tyler and his friends. They arrest Tyler and his friends.
Drake's friends were homophobic. Drake was a homosexual. Drake was scared to tell his friends. Drake decided to tell his friends. Drake's friends accepted him for who he and didn't run away.
Sarah got a black cat from the animal shelter. She named it Blackie and played with it all that evening. She fed the cat, gave it water, and petted it a lot. The cat fell asleep on the couch with its catnip toy. She kissed the cat and went to bed.
Charlotte was going to bake bread. She pulled out her big stand mixer. She added each ingredient in. The mixer mixed it all together. The dough was finally mixed!
Today is National Cat Day. My wife wanted to post a photo of our cat on FB. The cat was sleeping with her paws over her eyes. My wife grabbed her phone to take a photo. The cat sensed something and moved away.
The teacher assigned a group project. Jerry told Ben and Tianna that he would do all of the work. Although they were extremely curious, they allowed him to do so. When they presented, Jerry claimed that Ben and Tianna did nothing. The teacher gave Ben and Tianna an F on their reports.
I ordered some chicken strips yesterday. They looked burnt. So I went and returned them. They didn't want to make another batch. So they just gave me a refund.
Debra's twins had talked about building a sand castle for a week. She decided to surprise them with a trip to the beach on her day off. She purchased plastic pails of different sizes to act as molds. Debra taught them to fill a pail with sand to flip them carefully. They took pictures of the castle for their scrapbook when it was done.
I grew up hating singer Diana Ross because of what people said. I loved all the music Diana made with the superstar Supremes. Older now I wanted to form my own opinion about Diana Ross. I bought and read her biography from cover to cover. Now I have a different respect for her today than I did years ago.
My brother and I gathered some rocks one day. We went to the store and bought some paint. Then we painted the rocks with many colors and decorations. When we were finished we tried to sell them to people driving by. We didn't sell any but we had lots of painted rocks.
Jeff loved mathematics. It was his favorite class in school. He didn't have many friends but he was a genius with numbers. Jeff was approached by his teacher to join a math tournament. Jeff wound up winning first place in the Math competition.
My brother owned a dog named Rocky. One day a smaller dog wandered into my brother's yard. Rocky ran over and fought the smaller dog. The smaller dog defeated Rocky. Rocky does not fight any more.
Jay was driving very fast one day. He was going in and out of lanes. Jay answered his phone while he was driving too fast. When he was talking he didn't notice the brake lights in front of him. The traffic stopped suddenly and Jay hit the car in front of him.
I wanted to take a vacation. I didn't have enough money to buy a plane ticket. I decided to look for side jobs to do in my free time. A friend recommended Mechanical Turk. Now I use the Mechanical Turk to make extra money.
Bill woke up in the middle of the night. Bill realized the his front door was unlocked. He ran downstairs and locked the door. Bill checked every room to make sure the house was secure. Bill then went back to bed, exhausted from being so worried.
Jim had a friend Bala at work that had to use a wheelchair. The wheelchair prevented his friend from going tailgating with Jim. One day, Jim made arrangements for Bala to be driven to the next game. Bala was driven down that weekend to the stadium. Jim was waiting there with an entire tailgate for Bala!
When Kia was 6 Year's old, she decided to make her own lunch. She boiled eggs, and placed the eggs in her lunch box. At school the next day, she started peeling one of the eggs. Runny yolk spilled out of the egg. Kia went hungry that day.
Kyle was hired to score the music of a movie. He started working on it right away. But after he composed the first theme, he had a blank. It took him a full month to come up with anything else. Then he had to scramble to finish the score in time.
There was a grandpa who was behind the times. His grandson wanted him to be up to date. He bought him a new smartphone. The smartphone was too advanced for the grandpa. The kid was happy to try to help his gramps though.
George was a wonderful student who always got good grades. But one day he decided to play video games instead of do his reading. He planned to finish the reading over the following weekend. But the next day the teacher surprised the class with a pop quiz! Having failed it, a sad George resolved never to be lazy again.
Jill finds out that Jan's boyfriend is married. She tells Jan her boyfriend is married but Jan doesn't believe her. So she brings Jan to meet her boyfriend's wife. Jan is devastated by the truth. But she thanks Jan for having the courage to tell her.
Dan's car wouldn't start. Dan wondered if the battery might be dead. Dan opened the hood to have a look. A small animal had chewed through some wires. Dan got the wires replaced to fix the car.
The traffic lights at the intersection stopped working. Someone drove straight into the side of Jake's car. His car was so smashed it shut down. The tow truck had to take Jake's car to the junkyard. His car was totaled.
Joe went to his place, meaning the place he spent most his time a bar. Well most the people there knew him and he knew most of them as well. He walked in, his friends had a  cake, he asked whose birthday was it? Forgetting it was his birthday he never had such a nice gift. Caught off guard he was speechless, and a memory he would not forget.
Larry wanted an apple for lunch. He went to the store to buy it. He bought it. He brought it home. He ate the apple for lunch.
Marcella and her husband had two children. She decided to stop working to take care of the kids. As the children got older, they needed Marcella less. Marcella decided she no longer wanted to be a stay at home mom. She went back to work as soon as possible.
Alicia loves taking baths. She takes one every night. She ran out of bubble soap last night. She couldn't take a bath tonight. She took a shower instead.
Daniel was playing a video game. He couldn't get past a certain section. He tried again and again. He got so frustrated that he yelled. Trying so many times had slowed his reflexes.
Jill was swimming in the ocean. A big wave crashed down on her. She looked down and her bikini top was gone. Her friend Lila saw it floating out to shore. She swam to it and gave it back to Jill before anyone else noticed.
Tim wanted to become smarter. He asked his smartest friend for guidance. His friend suggested he become a voracious reader. Tim began reading regularly. Tim became smarter.
Doug wanted the perfect engagement ring to propose to Jan. He didn't have much money and found shopping discouraging. His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby. Doug accepted but was nervous because it wasn't a diamond. When Jan saw the ring, she was thrilled as ruby was her birthstone!
When you are on a boat with your friends. You can help them to not be sick. Last week my friends got sick and I helped them. I told them to breathe and stay calm. When we got in,  they didn't ride on the boat anymore.
Horace got a new TV for his family. He warned his kids to be very careful around it. One day his daughters decided to play catch inside. They broke the TV with the ball. Horace was very angry.
Kay wanted to save money to give her kids a nice Christmas. But she was a terrible spendthrift and couldn't save a dime. Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends. Together they gave each other support and money-saving tips. With their help, Kay saved almost $500 by Christmas!
Nancy thought she would make a nice dinner for her husband. She went to the store and picked up all the ingredients. She went to cook and had burnt the spaghetti noodles. When her husband came home Nancy was crying. He assured her it was okay and they went to a nice buffet instead.
Patty wanted to learn a new skill. She enrolled in a pottery class. She made a vase and a bowl the first week. She was very proud of her work! She enrolled in another class to learn more.
Rod bought his mom a locket for her birthday. He wondered what pictures to put in it. Then he had a great idea. He printed tiny copies of images of him and his sister. He gave them to his mom in her new locket.
Beth and the kids on her block had been racing each other all day. Parents began setting up chairs on the lawn to root for their kids. The kids ran even harder with their parent support. After the races they had a block wide barbecue. It was a great summer evening to be a kid.
Rachel wanted me to meet her new kitty. She wasn't sure when we'd have time to meet up so she was sad. I told her we'd probably have time soon. The next week we both had time to meet! She was so excited that I got to meet her kitty, and it was cute.
Courtney had moved into an apartment by herself. It was her first night living alone. The electricity went out at her complex. Courtney got scared. She called a friend to see if she could spend the night.
My wife's radio had an ad about watermelon. The ad kept extolling how good the fruit tastes. Today she went to the market and bought some watermelon. She served it for dessert. It did taste good.
Bebe had to wake up now, so Mimi shook her tenderly. Bebe smiled, half asleep with her eyes still closed. Mimi, recognizing an invitation, gently tickled under her neck. Bebe squealed with laughter. Mimi threw back the covers and began to tickle in earnest.
Kurt wanted to be a famous author. He sent in manuscripts to lots of publishers. Then one publisher sent him a letter. They loved his work and wanted to publish it! Kurt was on his way to being a famous author!
Amy went to the kitchen at her friend's house. Lynn's mom hadn't cooked anything for lunch. Amy made a sandwich and ate in the kitchen. Her mother entered and looked stunned. The turkey Amy used was only for Lynn's dad.
There was a huge war. The titans were against the crapes. The titans were winning. The crepes were severely losing. The titans defeated all the crapes.
Little Jackie was just five Year's old. It was time for her first day of school and she was nervous. She didn't know what to expect. She arrived at the school and was surprised to see all the other kids. She loved it!
Nessa was wading in the ocean. She was having a lovely time at first. Then she felt a terrible pain in her leg. A tiny jellyfish had stung Nessa's calf! Crying, she stumbled out of the water to seek help.
Julian bought a new house. It was quite empty, so he wandered around for a while. He imagined what he would do with each room. One in particular he thought would be perfect for a game room. He then began planning out exactly how he would decorate it.
My mother has made stockings for everyone in the family. Each stocking is knitted and a character is on it. Each family member has a different character. I have a reindeer and my brother has a santa. It is something unique and interesting in our family.
David always beats me at checkers. One day I decided to practice playing checkers all day so I could win. Even though I practiced all day, David still beat me. I asked him how he got to be so good. He told me it's because he's been playing for years.
Charlie is building a playhouse. Charlie is hammering the tree. Charlie misses the tree and hits his hand. Charlie breaks his hand. Charlie heads to the hospital to get it treated.
Kelly got earrings at the store today. When she got home, she started wearing them. However hours later her ears turned green. Kelly was appalled. She realized she was allergic.
My aunt has a table that wobbles. She has placed it in different places. She has put small items under some of the legs. It continues to wobble. The only thing she refuses to do is replace it.
Victor always wore expensive suits to his job on Wall street. He usually took a cab to his office building but wanted to walk today. On his way to work he was mugged in an alley. Victor fought the attacker and got stabbed. Victor recovered but was more upset about the blood on his suit.
Ed wanted to dig a tunnel in his backyard. He got his dad's shovel. Then he started digging. But soon he hit a pipe. Ed had to stop digging right away!
I was meeting my brother to pick up my mom for a visit. We decided to meet in a town about halfway between us. He thought it was one exit off the highway. I thought it was a different exit. We ended up driving right past each other on I-95.
John was a pastor with a very bad memory. He tried to memorize his sermons many days in advance but to no avail. He decided to learn to sing to overcome his handicap. He then made all his sermons into music and sang them on Sundays. His congregation was delighted and so was he.
Sean and Sara were about to make dinner. Suddenly, the power cut off. They walked out to the breaker. Sarah was afraid to touch it so Sean flipped the switch. Luckily, the lights came back on.
One day Ryan got a pet hamster. He named it Snickers. One day Snickers got out of his cage. Luckily Ryan found him and put him back. He remembered to lock it next time!
Katie was chewing some gum. By accident she swallowed it. Katie immediately was frightened. She heard rumors about what could happen. She ran to her parents.
Janice was looking for something to eat. She was digging through her fridge for some fruit. She noticed that everything was spoiled. After digging through the whole thing, she couldn't find any fruit. She settled on some strawberry yogurt instead.
There is only one air conditioner in my house. So the other rooms don't get cooled. I decided to buy a utility fan. And it did a decent job of blowing cool air to my room. But I wished had another air conditioner.
The grandma made a hot tea on the stove. She fixed the table She called her daughter down the stairs. They had tea. They both loved it.
I was walking down town and browsing at stores. I Noticed a hobo at the corner playing his guitar. He wasn't very good, but you can tell he was trying. Decided to walk by and see how much money he made. He didn't make much so I decided to give him twenty dollars.
Abigail wanted to go to the school dance. She had already bought a dress and shoes for the dance. However, no boy had asked Abigail to the dance yet. Abigail did not want to ask a boy herself. Abigail decided to go to the dance with friends instead.
I am not a fan of water. Today I went out to sit on the bench. I usually take a bottle of juice. Bottled water was the only item in the refrigerator, so I took it. The drink was actually quite refreshing.
Carol loved to bake cakes. She often gave cakes away to friends. One day, Carol needed money to pay her bills. Carol came up with an idea. Carol decided to open a business selling cakes in her town.
I was looking at my attic one day. It looked like it would make a good clubhouse. I put a couch and a tv up there. My friends and I had fun in our new clubhouse. Until we realized that rats live up there.
Martha goes to the skating rink every Wednesday. It's the same night the roller derby team practices. Martha tries to imitate the way they skate. Next time they hold tryouts, Martha is going to go. Until then, she's going to practice.
Tad joined the army as soon as he was eighteen years old. He made a career he was proud of. So when his children read his will, they were baffled. He stipulated that if they joined the army, they wouldn't inherit. So no one did as Tad had been a rich man.
Ashley had watched a store's website for weeks. She was waiting for a cute dress to go on sale. Soon, it did. It was half off! She ordered it immediately and wore it often.
Howard had just moved to Germany from the US. He did not speak very much German. This caused him some amount of trouble. He committed himself to studying the German language every day. After a few months, he could satisfactorily carry on a conversation.
The farmer checked his fields. His pumpkins were growing well. He thought they could pick them in October. The farmer put fliers all over town. He hoped people would buy them to make great Jack O'Lantern.
Tom was a middle school student. His neighbor was one year older than him. His neighbor had a trampoline in their backyard. They had fun wrestling each other and playing on the trampoline. Tom eventually got a trampoline by asking his parents for one.
Ada's boyfriend's ex-girlfriend was coming over to cause drama. She knew she should be polite to her despite her disdain for her. Ada was on her Spyder when the ex-girlfriend arrived. She revved the engine hard and caused it to do a little wheelie. Her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend was frightened and rushed inside!
My girlfriend and I were walking at night. She dropped a ring while she was playing with it. I looked all over the sidewalk but it was too dark. Then, a jogger with a flashlight arrived and helped. We located the ring, thanked the jogger and walked away.
Davy stared at the stopped clock, willing it to move. Ity seemed as if time was standing still. How long had time been this way was a mystery to him. Suddenly the clock ticked over to 5:00 pm. Davy sighed heavily as he clocked out of work.
Kia was asked out on a date. The boy who asked her was a shy classmate. At first she thought to refuse, but then she said sure. On the date, Kia was surprised. The shy boy showed her a wonderful time!
Jasper realizes that he has been wearing the same old shirt for weeks. He decides that he needs to buy something new. He looks for a denim shirt, which will match his casual lifestyle. Jasper finds the perfect shirt at a thrift store. He's happy that he has a new shirt to wear.
Jan loved her bike, she rode her bike every day. One day when Jan got home from school she could not find her bike. She went to her friend, Sara's house to ask her is she had seen it. Sara had not, but she helped Jan look for it. They found the bike on another kid's porch, the bike had been stolen!
Bobby was at a fast food restaurant. He poured ketchup from the dispenser. The ketchup was rancid. Bobby threw the ketchup away. He went up to the counter and asked for ketchup packets.
I met David Sedaris at a reading he was doing in Kalamazoo. He asked my siblings and I to introduce him at the reading. He then took us backstage and gave us a handful of golden dollars. It was strange, but funny and endearing. We introduced him, and it was a great reading.
Jimmy opened the door to go outside and play. But he left it open behind him. Soon, a flash of gold ran by - it was spot! The dog seemed hopelessly lost, but then a bark! The bark around the corner was spot, bringing a ball home!
Barry loved going to the zoo. Barry decided he would take his kids to the zoo today. As they entered the zoo, Barry's kids ran to the elephant exhibit. After that, they decided to look at the monkey exhibit. Barry was glad that he brought his kids to the zoo today.
Adrian was a high-class pilot who traveled all around the world. His clients were often celebrities or wealthy folk. One day, he had to fly a famous celebrity through a stormy area. His contacts were all very concerned for the plane's safe travels. Adrian was very skilled, however, and landed the plane safely.
Bill graduated from college last fall. Bill felt uneasy about the job market and his prospects. Bill went to his first job interview shortly after graduation. Bill put his best foot forward and dazzled the hiring manager. Bill got the job!
Clara wants to get her mom something special for Mother's day. She buys her a bouquet of flowers and a card from the store. When she gets home, her dog eats the flowers! Clara's mom tells Clara that she doesn't need a present anyways. The two spent Mother's Day having a picnic in the park instead.
Sam had never been to the beach. He was dying of cancer. He wanted to go before he died. His friends wanted to take him. Unfortunately they couldn't afford it.
Michael was a sneaker head. He's been trying to get a pair of Adidas 350 for almost a year. They are limited sales, and go out within minutes. Michael has registered for ten different sites to try and get a pair. He's staying up all night in hopes to be the first.
A man walked up behind me on the trail. He was wearing a Freddy Krueger costume. Even the sweater was very realistic. I tried hard not to run. I told him to get away from me, and he laughed.
Lucy's crush wasn't at work. She looked all over the Blockbuster and he was nowhere to be seen. She was out of time because her grandma was ready to leave. She asked the cashier if he was working today. Lucy's heart broke when she was told he worked later that day.
Tom stopped using deodorant. I could smell his armpits. I went to the store and bought Tom some new deodorant. He refused to use it. His new girlfriend likes the smell of his arm pits.
Paul's house had bad plumbing. And it smelled inside his house. But after he got it fixed, the smell was still there. Later, he found leftover soup on his stove. And the smell went away after he cleaned it up.
Tim had always known he was adopted, and he was OK with it. He loved his parents, but as an adult, he grew curious. He decided to track down his birth mom to meet her. When they met, she wept and said she'd wanted him to have a good life. Tim, sobbing too, assured her that his life was wonderful!
Julie was nervous. The patient beside her was bleeding from a bad needle stick. She hoped that the technician did a better job for her turn. Luckily she had a different technician. It only took two tries for the IV needle to work.
Jared found a quarter on the sidewalk. He picked it up. With it, he bought a bauble from a cheap vending machine. When he looked inside, it was a figurine of Superman. As Superman was his hero, he was elated.
Amy had a headache when she was shopping for groceries. She knew the store's bright lights would make it worse. As she shopped a kid began to scream and throw a tantrum. Everywhere Amy went the mother of the child seemed to follow. Amy's headache was 10 times worse due to the child's screams.
All kids like candy. Especially little Timmy,  he loves it. His favorite is lollipops. He also likes snickers and bars. He needs to go check his teeth at the dentist though.
Ronald liked race cars. He spent a lot of time building classic race cars. He always watched car races on TV. For their anniversary, his wife surprised him with tickets to a track. Ronald was able to drive a race car at the track.
My partner and I were craving something sweet. He suggested we should make cookies. They are my speciality, and I thought that sounded good, so I obliged. We were out of eggs though, so we had to go to the store. The cookies came out great and my partner and I were pleased.
Bay was on a road trip to visit her family on the west coast. She was nineteen and had never had a boyfriend back east. But on the west coast, she met a great man and fell in love. The man asked to marry her, and she agreed! Now she spends her time between coats always on an endless road trip!
Dan and his buddy Dave went camping up in the mountains. In the night, Dan and Dave both awoke to a snorting sound. They froze, remaining still inside the tent. Both men saw the silhouette of a bear outside the tent. After a few moments, the bear finally left the campsite.
Danny wants a dog but his mom won't let him. She told him that he had to get good grades if he wanted a dog. When report cards came out, he had all A's in his classes. He immediately showed his report card to his mom. Danny was finally allowed to get a dog.
Jon had been saving to get a new computer. He finally had enough money. He decided to go shopping. He found the perfect computer. Jon was happy to leave the store with a computer.
The family was ready for vacation! They went  to a waterpark in the Bahamas. They rode huge slides and had a lot of fun. They made a lot of memories. The started planning a new trip right away.
When I was young I thought my bike was stolen. It was not in my garage. I couldn't find it anywhere. But then I realized I left it at the park. So I ran down and it was still there luckily.
When I was a child I visited Santa at the mall. I sat on his lap and he asked me what I wanted for Christmas. I told him my list, which was very big. The man dressed up as Santa said he would try his best. I walked away excited for Christmas day.
Michelle had her Microbiology exam at 6:00am the next morning. She was extremely nervous. She stayed up all night studying. When morning came, she left for class early. She sat at her desk, feeling ready to take the exam.
Timothy was a very bad doctor. He made countless mistakes, and all his diagnoses were wrong. Timothy's boss never fired him because he didn't like confrontation. One day Timothy accidentally killed a patient. Timothy's boss still didn't fire him.
Max really wanted to see a big movie premier. He tried to find a sitter for his two kids that night. Unfortunately, he couldn't find anyone to watch them. He tried looking up until the last second. In the end, he had to miss the movie.
Joe was really hungry. So he ate whatever he saw first in his refrigerator. But he felt really unsatisfied. He continued to eat random food until he felt satiated. But he ended up overeating and feeling terrible.
The car was driving fast next to me. The man in the car kept trying to get my attention. He brushed his car against mine. I increased my speed ahead of him. He stopped trying to bother me.
Tom was shopping at the mall. He was trying on clothes. When he changed pants his wallet fell out. Tom noticed after he left the store. When he return it was luckily still in the dressing room.
Cassie wanted a gift for her husband. It was their 10th anniversary. She looked at every jewelry store. She found the perfect watch, but it was $1000. She saved for a month and then bought it!
Dylan posed for a famous modern artist to have his portrait done. He sat on the chair for hours and his back and buttocks hurt. After many days, he was allowed to look at the painting. He saw a tea kettle, toasts and fruits on a plate. The painter shrugged and said he was a modern painter.
Jon needed to find a job. He decided to apply to fast food positions. Alas, he was homeless so no one wanted to hire him. Eventually, he was offered a position as a cashier. Finally, Jon had a job!
Abby's cheer leading squad was having a car wash fundraiser. Abby had signs made for the car washing event. In addition, Abby purchased sponges, and water buckets as well. However, there was one thing Abby could not plan for, rain. Abby was so sad that her hard work was messed up because of rain.
My mom bought a new type of orange juice the other day. It was very different from the type we usually get. This orange juice has pulp in it. I hate having pulp in my orange juice. So I went to the store and bought pulpless orange juice.
Larry was good about chaining his wallet to his pants. This day, Larry was in a hurry and grabbed his wallet. When Larry arrived to the diner, he could not find his wallet. Larry realized the wallet was not chained to him. He drove home and found his wallet on the floor.
Brad wanted to learn Spanish. He decided to take a Spanish class. He practiced the language diligently every day. By the end of the class, he was speaking Spanish fluently. Brad was proud that he accomplished his goal.
Gavin confessed to cheating on the test. The teacher gave him an F on his paper, and sent him to the principal. The principal asked why he was there. Gavin thought, and said he had been molested by his teacher. The teacher was promptly fired, and Gavin got an A on his test.
A woman lost her favorite pair of shoes. She looked in her car. She searched in her room. She decided they were lost. She bought a new pair.
Tina's best friend had a massive dog. It would always jump up on people. When she walked in, the dog frightened her. All of the sudden she noticed blood. The dog had bit her.
Joe hated his neighbor. So he ordered $50 worth of pizza for him. And his neighbor would have to pay by cash. But after Joe ordered, he realized his own addressed was used. And it was too late to cancel the order.
Ever since high school started Billy wanted to get a driver's license He was finally old enough to enroll in Driver's education. He studied hard. When the driver's course was completed he went in to take the test. After all of the hard work he'd put into it he had passed the exam.
Fanny was excited for her high school Halloween costume party. She invited the coolest kids and the whole football team. She knew if they all came she would instantly be a cool kid. The plan backfired and no one came but her best friend Jane. She felt horrible and changed schools due to the embarrassment.
Dan tripped on a nail sticking out of his front porch entry. He almost hurt himself very badly. Dan got a hammer and pounded the nail in. When he did the wood of the porch split. Dan redid the whole porch with brick.
The kids were excited for recess. They were going to play their favorite game! It involved balls and a net. They had invented the game all by themselves. They couldn't wait to teach the other kids on the playground.
Billy and Bobby were hanging out on the beach. Billy spotted a shark. He yelled, and everyone panicked. The authorities were alerted and started investigating. The shark turned out to be a dolphin.
Sally's phone was broken. She was out of town and needed to talk to her husband. She was trying to use a payphone but it cost a lot. Finally she decided to make a $20 into all quarters. She had a bag full of so many quarters.
Craig loved computers. He spent all day tinkering with his to make it faster. Most of his disposable income would go on new parts for it. He recently purchased the newest graphics card. Craig can now play games at the highest quality settings.
Diego had a prosperous day. First, he went to the park and played frisbee. He was so good, people gave him money to play on team. He used the money to buy a lot of lemonade. He then resold the lemonade for a profit.
I have a bunion. It wears a hole in my canvas shoes after a few months. I had a pair of shoes that were fine except for the hole. I bought a canvas patch and sealed the hole. The patch looked funny, and I threw the shoes away.
I was determined to teach my little brother about responsibility. We planned to spend an entire weekend learning about adult things. We decided we would cover money, bills, jobs--things like that. He surprised me the night before by being excited about the "lesson". But that Saturday morning I inexplicably decided to just blow it off.
My favorite time of day is early in the morning. I get up at 5 and begin the day in peace and quiet. I take care of the dogs and begin some laundry. I have almost 2 hours to myself before I begin work. This is my time to regroup and get ready for a busy day of work.
Mike drove to Miami to see a friend, but he didn't check the weather. He got there safely and enjoyed the beach for two days. As he started to return home, Hurricane Andrew came ashore. The drive home was terrifying, but he did get home safely. He never travels now without checking the weather first.
Kayla liked to watch scary movies. She watched a really scary movie about demons in televisions. Kayla couldn't watch television for a week. The televisions remained off in her house. She had to turn away when she passed by one.
Brandy bought a pet hamster for her son. He was interested in it for about a month. After that Brandi's son lost interest in the hamster. Brandy ended up taking care of it daily. She'll remember this the next time they think about getting a pet.
Dan woke up early to cook breakfast for his mom. He was frying up some eggs and wanted to be fancy. He tried to make the eggs do a flip in the pan. He flung the eggs in the air, but he missed the catch. The scalding hot eggs landed on his bare foot.
Mango Wangtini was a bartender. He entertained customers with sick bartender tricks. One day someone asked him to pour a flaming drink while blindfolded. Mango obliged, and began his routine. Unfortunately Mango's bar burned down afterward.
Sam was going camping this weekend. He knew that it was going to rainy heavily. He bought some boots and extra duty wool socks. His new gear kept him warm and dry all weekend. Sam returned his boots after his camping trip.
Barry took a science class. He didn't expect an essay. He took a test with one. He did his very best. Barry didn't do so well.
My wife asked for a salt lamp. She said it is supposed to be good for us. It gives off ions that keep us healthy. It also is good for fertility. So we left it on while we were trying.
Larry was his high school's soccer star. One day he was playing in a big game. The score was tied. There were seconds to go and Larry had the ball. He made a goal and won the game to much praise.
Ed was with his dad at a baseball game. He looked down for a moment. When he raised his head, a ball was flying towards him. He quickly put up the glove he'd brought with him. He caught the ball!
Mary always wanted to travel after she finished her studies. When she graduated from university she searched for a job in England. Mary was able to find a job working for a Youth Hostel. She moved to the UK shortly afterward and began her job. Mary loved working in England and happily stayed for six months.
Vito took a seat near the back of the bus. When he looked down, he found a wallet on the floor. Inside there were credit cards and $200 in cash. Vito decided to take it directly to the police station. He left feeling really good about himself.
As the kids play their games, I take fun pictures. Afterward I put those pictures onto my computer. I then upload them to Facebook. I make a fun collage of all the pictures. Everyone likes and comments on my collage.
Jesse wanted to get a tattoo. She was not sure what design to get. She had trouble committing to something. She decided on a fake tattoo. She loved the fake tattoo idea and only got that.
We went to Not Your Average Joe's last year. We had eaten a heavy lunch. Nevertheless my daughter wanted to have dinner. We did not each much, it being too early. My wife felt stuffed all night.
I bought shares that I thought were a good deal. I kept them for a few days until I could make a profit. The time came that I was ready to sell the shares. Just as I went in to click the sell button the price plummeted. Because of this I lost all of my money.
Mario spent all his time in his mother's basement playing games. As he was twenty-five, his mom told him to find a job. He resisted as he didn't want to stop playing. But he did as he was asked to keep a roof under his head. The job was boring but at night he could play all he wanted.
Anna was nine and wanted to learn karate. Her mom wasn't so sure. She said Anna might be the only girl in the whole class! But when they went to sign up, they got a surprise. Almost half the class was female!
Gwen got mad at her boyfriend. She cut the tires on his car. He found the tires flat in the morning. He suspected Gwen was guilty. She admitted she did it.
The couple was traveling to NYC. They were going to see the ball drop in Times Square! They counted down at midnight. They kissed as it rolled over to the new year. What a great way to celebrate!
Mary didn't have enough money to eat on. She told new friends it was her birthday. They all wanted to take her to dinner to celebrate. Of course, they want to pay for it. Mary got her free meal!
I recently got in trouble with the police for a traffic stop. But what took me by surprise, was how polite the officer was. The news associated with them is they're very angry and this and that. But he was nice, and even helped me out on a lesser charge. I drove off happily knowing that not all cops are bad.
The Big Bang Theory predicted background radiation in the sky. The radiation should be strongest at microwave wavelengths. Two Bell Lab scientists detected such a signal in 1964. They cleaned the antenna of pigeon droppings to be sure it was real. The Bell Lab scientists shared a Nobel Prize for their discovery.
Amanda was at home watching television. She saw a commercial for Sonic. They were having a sale on corn dogs, which were her favorite. Amanda decided to get in the car and go to sonic. She drove to sonic and ordered six corn dogs.
The prison south of the nearest town had recently had an escapee. Rumor has it that he hypnotized a guard into opening his cell. From there on he maneuvered through the jail through the sewer. He escaped and has been on the run ever since. No one ever broke out of that jail before so he became a legend.
I didn't get to sleep all weekend. I was dumb and decided to go out drinking. On Monday I had an important meeting. It was really boring and I fell asleep in the middle of it. Now I'm getting demoted and still haven't slept.
Every Sunday Jason does his laundry for the upcoming week. However, this Sunday Jason realizes that his dryer is broken. He hangs his laundry on a string outside on his lawn. The laundry is perfectly dry the next day for his work. Jason decides that he will always dry his clothing this way.
The man was a member of an older, simpler generation. He sought the help of others when finding a new job. While they meant well, the advice they gave him was frustrating. The world it seemed, revolved around technology. The man missed the older, face-to-face ways.
Every morning I wake up to the bird's crow. He sits outside my window to say hello. I watch him fly into the sky. He always gets so very high. I know it's morning when I hear the bird's crow.
My niece works at the RMV in Revere, MA. Two weeks ago David Ortiz of the Red Sox walked in. He came in to renew his license. My niece took a selfie with Ortiz. We were excited for her.
Someone told me that watches are old-fashioned. She said that I looked like an old man when I checked my wrist. So I asked her what the time was. She pulled out her phone and unlocked it to tell me. I told her that her pocket watch was very old-school.
Heather was getting married outside. She was checking the weather obsessively. She was so worried that it would rain! The weather forecast looked clear. Heather was so relieved!
Ashley lied to her friend Lauren. Lauren found out, and she was really mad. Ashley apologized to Lauren, and Lauren forgave her. Ashley and Lauren are still good friends, and Ashley learned a lesson. She realized that telling lies to friends is never a good idea.
Sean and I went on a walk at about 3:00am. We liked to walk in the silence and stillness of night. Eventually, we sat next to the stream to watch it bubble past. When we had been there for a little while, he kissed me. As we walked back home, we held hands.
James was playing a game on his Xbox. He was very close to finishing the game. Then, his brother came in and decided to play a prank. James' brother turned the game off. Jame's was very angry and threw his controller at his brother.
Steph was in a pumpkin patch. She wandered around the patch checking pumpkins. She found a few that were okay, but nothing great. Suddenly, she saw a perfect pumpkin. She put it in a wheelbarrow and brought it to her car.
Lindsey was a great cook. She made a pasta dish that everyone loved. She cooked it one day and fed it to a large group. They all raved about how great it was! Lindsey handed out the recipe as they left.
Stan loved his mom. Unfortunately he was always busy. He hadn't been able to talk to her in a while. He decided to call her immediately. Stan's mom was happy and excited.
Gina wanted to have a picnic. She had seen many picnics on TV. They always had a basket, and a red checkered blanket. She found a basket to use. But she had no red checkered blanket.
The King had a problem on his hands. Their was war going on in his Village. He knew he was going to have to go into Battle. The king and his town gave it all he had against the rebels. The king was caught and executed in his town.
Josie really wanted to go vacationing in the Bahamas. She planned out a Bahamas beach getaway for her and her boyfriend. Unfortunately, it was pouring rain their whole time in the Bahamas. Josie and her boyfriend remained positive though. They enjoyed the spa and other fun activities despite the rain.
Tara had a beautiful voice according to her mother. Her mother encouraged her to try out for a popular singing contest on Tara practiced with a voice coach and finally auditioned. When she got on stage, Tara began to sing with all her heart. The judges loved her voice and accepted her into the competition.
The coach told the class to form a group. Nancy forgot to wear her gym short, so she tried to hide. She approached the back of the group. However, the coach noticed her. She gave Nancy an F and told her to leave.
Christy has never set up a budget before in her life. She was introduced to the concept of envelope budgeting by her friend. Her friend was in massive debt for most of her life. Once her friend explained the concept, Christy started using it. Now she no longer has any credit card debt.
I had to look for a new car. I wanted one that was good on gas mileage. I went tO the dealer to test drive some. I finally decided on a hybrid car. I just couldn't beat the great gas mileage.
Gina wanted money to go to the mall. Her dad offered to pay her to wash his car. Gina needed the money so she agreed. She washed the car and finished in 30 minutes. Her dad pointed all the spots she missed, and made her start again.
Tim needed to pay the rent. He tried to make it to the bank after work. Unfortunately they closed before he got there. Tim didn't have the money available to pay the rent. He was charged with a late fee.
Megan woke up one morning and saw some snow outside. She was hoping that it might be a snow day. She called the hotline and heard that so far, it wasn't. Then, she got ready for school while calling the hotline a few times. Luckily, just before she left the house, a snow day was declared.
It was nearly Christmas and still i don't have a present to give. I was thinking of a gift that is simple but useful. Then i saw the magic mug that reveals picture when poured with water. I decided to buy it as a gift for my parents. As they poured hot water on it,it revealed their wedding photo.
Dave decided to change the furniture in his home. He loved his old furniture but has had it many years. He plans to donate his old furniture to a shelter. He spend a lot of time online looking for new furniture. Within a few days his new furniture arrived and he really liked it a l.
Woody went to the hen house to feed the chickens. He first fed his favorite chicken Betty. Betty was very happy to see him and immediately ate her food. Woody then started to feed another chicken named Lorena. Then out of nowhere a snake struck at him!
He picked me up at 10 pm. We drove for over an hour. We were almost late to the concert. We watched the entire show. We met the band afterwards.
Billy got a job. He worked nights at the sandwich shop. He made some friends there. They went to parties together. He worked there for a long time.
Kay was at work when a headache started. She didn't take any painkillers normally and decided not to this time. As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense. Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea. Kay struggled through they day and went home and straight to sleep.
One day I went hiking with my cousin. He had warned me to bring plenty of water. But I only brought one water bottle. After the first mile I was really thirsty. I realized I should have brought more water.
The bee was on the ground. The boy wondered why it wasn't flying. The man said it was dead. The boy checked the bee. The bee was still alive.
He was training the children to be warriors. They were very young but determined to succeed. The children trained long and hard for many years. Their teacher suffered an unlikely death at the hand of the enemy. This forced the children to become true warriors and get revenge.
Johnny was riding his skateboard near his house. He was going really fast around the corners. He zoomed in and out of the streets. Johnny went flying off his skateboard as it hit a rock in the road. He scraped his knees and called his mom to pick him up.
Tom was a movie director. He worked hard on a project. He didn't have final cut options. The editor changed a lot of things around. Tom was disappointed with the final product.
John was very afraid for his biology final. He needed to get an A to pass the class. John decided to study every day for two hours. He was very confident when he took his final. John got an A on his final.
Tommy wanted a goat. He asked his dad. His dad said no. Tommy found a Goat on his way home from school. He took it to Grandpa's farm.
Billy wanted to marry Sally. He got down on one knee to propose. She looked apprehensive. She told him she couldn't marry someone so short. He went home and cried.
Rachel was getting an ultrasound for her pregnancy. Today she would learn the gender of her baby. Her husband was not able to go with her. Instead, she brought the gender home on a secret paper. Together, they read the paper and saw that it was a boy.
Lea was on a vacation in Scotland. She decided to try to see the Loch Ness Monster. She spent almost a full day watching the lake. She saw all kinds of boaters and tourists. But she did not see any monsters at all!
Alicia wanted the iPad mini. It was selling for a discounted price on sale. She called the store to see if they had it. The store said there was one left. Luckily she was able to snag it.
Hannah tried to prepare fruit punch. She placed the power in a jug with water and sugar. The bag of sugar fell and a large amount was poured in the jug. She decided not to throw it away since the jug had a lot of water. When I tasted the drink, I caught goosebumps.
Sara was turning 21 at last. Her friends wanted to do something really special to celebrate. They got together for dinner without inviting her, to plan. Sara found out they had dinner without her. Sara was offended and stopped taking their calls.
Deb was a struggling student. She had a few chickens and loved to eat farm fresh eggs. Deb decided to buy more chickens to raise and sell her eggs. All of Deb's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends. Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills.
Christopher moved to a new part of town because of a new job. He was unfamiliar with the area and got lost one day. He finally had to stop and retrace his steps back home. It took him 2 hours to finally make it back home. Christopher will keep a map in his car from now on.
Jimmy enjoyed running after school. He wanted to join the track team this year. He ran all summer long to practice and increase his stamina. It was time for tryouts, Jimmy ran as hard and as fast as he could. Jimmy made the team.
Arnold was scared of big malls. He would always avoid those crowded areas. He had to get a gift for his mom for mother's day however. He decided to go to a big mall. Arnold almost fainted.
Olivia was stuck at home babysitting her brother. She was bored being at home. Olivia called her best friend. She told her friend to come to her house. Olivia's friend joined her at her house.
Kendra woke up one morning and began getting dressed. She was trying to do her hair but it was horribly tangled. She tried combing it but to no avail, so she got some coconut oil. With the help of the oil, she slowly undid all of the tangles. Finally, her hair looked nice and clean.
Jon was annoyed by his parents since they begged him to play the lotto. He went to the local store to buy one ticket. The family sat down to watch TV. The winning ticket number was being announced. Jon won since his number was mentioned.
Beth wanted to get a gift for her uncle. She knew that her uncle was a big fan of Edgar Allan Poe. Beth went looking for some copies of Poe's poems. Beth could only find a souvenir Edgar Allan Poe bobblehead. Her uncle loved the bobblehead, and thanked her profusely.
Tom went to ride his bike and saw it was gone. He looked everywhere for it. After posting flyers around the neighborhood, he didn't hear back. One morning, the bike was back in his garage. Tom suspects it was stolen.
It had only been a few weeks at her job when Ann found love. A cute manager had came up to her and asked her out. They had been on numerous dates so far. Ann was falling head over heels for him entirely. But then she found out he was married and she had to dump him.
Milton is enjoying his day off from work. He is watching some netflix. He starts to get hungry. He decides to order Domino's pizza. The pizza comes and Milton enjoys his day off.
I was doing a long run yesterday with my iPhone. As I was running my phone slipped out of my pocket. As it slipped it fell straight to the ground. I was shocked when I looked at the cracks. I sighed relief when I realized it can be fixed.
Craig was getting married. He rented a great tux to wear. He looked very sharp when he put it on. He thought his fiance would love it. She smiled when she saw him!
Craig has decided to make pizza with the kids. They went to the store together to buy the ingredients. They made the pizza just the way they wanted. They baked the pizza perfectly. The kids loved the pizza.
My nephew had a bad back one day. His mom had some prescription painkillers She lived on the tenth floor of a high rise. She dropped the pills out the window but they fell onto the ground. My nephew was angry as the pills were pulverized.
Rena owned a very expensive thermometer. She was a nurse and brought it to work with her. Rena put her thermometer on the work counter and walked away. When she returned, the thermometer was gone. A Doctor nearby informed her that he saw another nurse steal it!
Maria had cooked two eggs for breakfast. As she was eating the eggs, she went on Reddit to read about the news. On Reddit, Maria saw that there was a delay happening on the TTC. Maria decided to call her boyfriend to tell him about the delay. Maria picked up her phone and called her boyfriend.
Francis was at Costco. She needed to shop in the big walk-in freezer. Unfortunately, it was too cold. She couldn't stay in for more than ten seconds without being too cold. Instead, she sent her husband in to get what she needed.
Quinton worked for a very large company. He had recently applied to move position. He wanted to move away from his current quality control position. His request for a new position was denied. He was frustrated so he resigned that same day.
Kelly had an infected wound. She needed to change the dressing. She took off the original and it looked gross. She then replaced the bandage. It looked great after.
Allie wanted to do something nice. She decided to help out at a soup kitchen. When she got there she felt honored to be there. The homeless was very thankful. Allie wanted to come back more often.
Kelly decided to have a Halloween party. She invited all the girls except Katie. When Katie found out, she was mad. Kelly told her she was sorry. Katie then didn't feel so badly.
Dan woke up on Christmas morning and ran downstairs. He helped his mom fix breakfast for the whole family. After everyone ate, they sat down to open presents. Dan reached for a big box with his name on it. Inside the box, Dan found the remote control car he wanted!
Davis decided that he needed to become more active. He had become increasingly fat in his old age. One day Davis decided to take a long walk in his local park. It felt good to finally live a more active lifestyle. Davis was very proud of his hike.
Michele said she did not try to have her husband killed. But the police arrested her and she went to court. The prosecutor told the jury to watch The Last Seduction movie. That was where Michelle got the idea to try to kill her husband. The jury found her guilty.
Andre was at a party. He then lost his phone. The whole party stopped. People are all looking for it. They found it.
Joe broke his glasses. Joe needed new glasses. Joe went to the store to get new glasses. Joe got some very nice glasses. Joe loved his new glasses.
The woman texted her friend. Her friend did not respond. The woman called her friend. It went to voicemail. The woman left a message asking where her friend was.
A boy scraped his toe at the water park. He asked me if I had a band aid. I went to the first aid kit. And I gave him one. He was appreciative.
I placed my bait in the water. After several minutes, the water was still clear. Eventually my string started to pull my rod. My mom pulled me from behind so I wouldn't fall in the water. We ended up pulling the fish out of the water that caught the bait.
Elaine felt that acoustic guitars were always superior to electric. She started an all-acoustic band. After a year of low returns, the band was re-tooling their formula. They voted to include an electric guitarist. Elaine quit the band in a huff.
I watched a basketball game. The Jayhawks were playing UCLA. The Jayhawks took an early lead. And they led throughout the game. I was happy that they won the game.
Terry had her head face down. When someone called on her name, she lifted her head. However, she smacked her baby sister who was behind her. Her sister fell flat on the ground and started to cry. She had a large bruise on the side of her head.
DJ got a new scooter as a gift from mom and dad for her birthday. She decided to take to school one day and show her friends. DJ showed it to her friends, parked it outside the school building. After her classes DJ forgot the scooter and walked home. When she realized, DJ came looking for it and was still parked outside.
Jim has a big biology lab test. He has been studying all week. He went to class the next day extremely nervous. His teacher announced she was going to give a review day. Jim could not have been more relieved.
John was going sailing with friends. They had planned it for months. The day they were set to leave had storm warnings. John noticed that the wind was really picking up. They decided to reschedule just to be safe.
Peter was tired of his friend getting bullied every day. He talked with his father about possible solutions. The next time his friend was picked on, Peter asked the bully to stop. Everyone was amazed when the bully did just that. Peter befriended the bully over the next few weeks.
Transcribing seemed like an easy way to make money. Turns out I was wrong! I first attempted transcribing audio clips on mturk. The first one I did took me over 3 hours for an hour audio. I decided the pay wasn't worth it, and went to other things.
I was very angry about the construction by my house. It was so loud that I couldn't sleep at night. I angrily complained to the construction manager. He told me that there was something he could do. He gave me a gift card to sleep at a hotel until it was quiet.
Samuel liked the moon a lot. He liked how it provided light during the night. One day, he decided that he would go outside to see the moon. When he went outside, he saw a full moon in all of its beauty. Now, Samuel watches the moon every night before sleeping.
This Easter wasn't a happy Easter for everyone. Johnny lived a hard life. He'd been on drugs, lost his wife and many of his relatives have died. On Easter he and his sister went to the cemetery to visit relatives. Johnny was so sad, his mother, father, brother and aunts were dead.
Ronnie's father told him don't tell your friends which girl you like. But Ronnie didn't listen. He told his best friend, Charles, he liked Katrina. The next day Charles flirted with Katrina. Now Katrina wants a relationship with Charles and not Ronnie.
Linda was the worst cook in the world, as far as she was concerned. But she wanted to impress Fred, her new boyfriend. She decided to cook something simple. She prepared fried chicken, rice and broccoli. While getting dressed, she burnt the chicken.
This morning I woke up to go to work. I got ready and left on my way. When I got there I thought I was going to have a good day. A lot of bad stuff happened. It turned out to be a really bad day.
Julie's hands were worn and exhausted. She had dug holes to plant tulip bulbs. She waited impatiently for them to sprout in the spring. When they did, they were a beautiful display of color! The next fall, Julie planted more on the other side of her house.
The baby tried to talk. The mom acted like she understood. The baby thought that was fun. The baby tried to tell the mom a whole story. The mom listened to the whole thing.
Jill was sick with the flu and called out of work. While she was home her cousin stopped by asking her to watch her dog. She agreed reluctantly and the dog was allowed in. Bored and sick, Jill managed to teach it to bring the thermometer. She recovered quickly only to quit her job and become a dog trainer.
I was working for a natural language processor. He gave me 30 cents for each task I completed. One day, he lowered the wage to 23 cents. I became angry and scolded him. He fired me for my ill behavior.
Gina forgot her key at home. As a result she and her sibling were locked out. After getting in the house she felt bad. She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids. She was glad the sandwiches made the kids happy.
I was walking home from school. I noticed a sound coming from a tree. I go to look and see what it is. I see nothing. I look again and see a creepy owl staring back at me.
Two nerdy friends got into a heated debate over Star Trek. They were so enraged that they began to have a fist fight. Since they were so weak, none of the hits really did any damage. The two nerds battled for a long time but there was no winner. When they got tired they began to just insult each other.
All afternoon, angry dark clouds had threatened to burst open. Groups of children impatiently waited with paddles and rafts at hand. A clap of thunder signaled the beginning of the deluge. Mountains of rain quickly filled up previously empty ponds. Children rushed to launch their rafts upon the temporary lakes.
James was playing Pokemon Go on his phone. He was searching for Pokemon at his local Pokestop. James dropped his phone while trying to capture a Pokemon. The screen on his phone shattered. His mom bought him a new phone afterwards.
I went to go work out the other night. The gym was not very busy at all. I got to use all my favorite machines without waiting. I think I'll go at the same time tomorrow. I get a lot more done at the gym when it is not busy.
In 1985 my sister in law repainted her apartment. The management provided free paint. She did not like the way her 10 year old son painted. Her brother in law said the walls needed to cleaned before painting. She cleaned the walls and got better results.
Nicole had no covers for her bed. She was very cold at night when she slept. She went to a department store. Nicole found some covers that she liked. She slept warm under her covers that night.
The doctor came into the office. I got nervous when she began to ask me awkward questions. She asked if I'm doing good with diabetes. I got confused since I don't suffer from diabetes. She eventually noticed that she had the wrong patient chart.
Teddy invited his friend Mark to play golf. They both headed out to the course. They played very well that day. Afterwards they congratulated each other. They had a very good time playing golf.
Tom loved the Olympics. He decided to throw a party for the opening ceremonies. He got a lot of sports related snacks and decorations. A lot of his friends showed up with things to pitch in. Everyone had a great time cheering their country on.
Jon and his friends were in a store. They decided to go to the toy department. Jon and his friends started throwing balls around the aisles. They were making a mess. The manager told them to leave.
Susie looked at her cd. It was all scratched. She wondered if it would work. Unfortunately it did not. She had to buy another one.
Bob was diagnosed with Stage Two osteosarcoma. He was terrified, but he fought it hard. He underwent months of chemo and stayed positive. Then he went to his follow-up appointment for the news. The doctor told Bob his cancer was fully in remission!
Jim loved bacon. He cooked it everyday. He even put it on his birthday cake. One day he got a tummy ache from the grease. So he decided to quit eating his favorite food.
Frank was assigned a paper for English class. He had to write a personal short story. He tried his best, hoping it was good enough. While the teacher read it, Frank waited with bated breath. When the teacher looked up and smiled, Frank relaxed!
Toni's game was supposed to start. It was already an hour late. Her mom was getting antsy. Toni apologized. Finally the game started soon.
Marco decides he wants something to drink. He decides to drink some coffee. He brews a nice pot of coffee. He drinks it. Marco is glad he got something to drink.
Linda had always loved the xylophone. Since she was very little, she loved the instrument. Once Linda was 10 years old, she started learning it. After a lot of hard work, she could play it. Now, Linda is one of the best players in the nation.
Mark is having drinks. Mark is sharing drinks at the bar with his wife. A man comes up to mark and hits on his wife. Mark gets very upset by this. He starts a bar fight with the man and beats him up.
Christy worked at a store. She was the boss and had many responsibilities. One day, a man came and asked Christy a question. Christy got mad and threw a hammer at the man. People don't ask Christy questions anymore.
I wanted to know the name of the song I heard in my head I hummed it out loud but still could not name the song. I sung it for my friends and family but they did not know it either. I searched through old CDs hoping I would find the song. I called a radio station, hummed them the song, now I know the song.
Joe was on his way to a New Year's Eve party. Joe was ready to have fun. But Joe forgot his phone at his house. So Joe drove back to his house and got his phone. Joe arrived to the party and had a good time.
Tina needed new shoes. She finally decided to splurge on her favorite pair. She knew she didn't have the extra money. She decided to buy them anyway. She knew she would have to work extra.
My friend literally ran for office one year. He would jog in running gear from event to  event. He said his foe couldn't run or hide. Some people did hide. He got mugged.
Johnny has always taken his books to school in an old paper bag. His friends tease him for not having a backpack. Finally Johnny decides to buy a backpack to be more like his friends. However, he finds that he misses his paper bag. Johnny decides to keep using his paper bag.
Tim was putting up some shelves. He figured he would just eyeball it. He noticed the shelves weren't even. Tim wound up having to take them down. He measured better the second time.
Sam was fertilizing his garden. Unknowingly he accidentally used too much fertilizer. Within a couple of days, all his vegetables started to die. Sam was puzzled as to why his garden began to decay. Sam had to individually pull out all the plants in his garden.
Frank works for a kidney dialysis company. They pay their employees poorly. The employer says their employees should be proud to work there. The employees started seeking better paying jobs. The employer was left very confused.
The message board was full of bickering. The moderator stepped in to quiet them down. She scolded both of them for their choice of language. The members apologized and promised to stop. They both had lost their tempers.
Tom was at a Mexican restaurant. He ordered some food. They tried to tell him it was spicy. Tom didn't understand. He wound up crying and drinking a lot of water.
Linda loved candy. She ate it every chance she got. When she went to the dentist she had lots of cavities. The dentist told her she needed to stop eating so many sweets. Linda didn't care and continued getting cavities.
Bob took his family to their vacation house. They arrived and went to the beach. At the beach, Bob got a nasty sunburn. His wife scolded him for not wearing sunscreen. The burn was so bad, it ruined his vacation.
One day Selena and her friends went to the mall. First they went to Express. Then they went to Neiman Marcus. Finally they went to Urban Outfitters. They all had fun.
Alicia was playing in the treehouse. To her dismay however she fell from the top. She was on the ladder when she fell. When she fell she broke her wrist. Alicia had to get a cast.
I have a small baby. He played with my computer. He took the keys off my keyboard. I drove to the store. I bought a new keyboard.
I am Chinese, born in America. My parents were born in China. They are deceased. Every spring I perform a Ching Ming ceremony for them. I bring food and wine to their graves to feed their spirits.
Gina had been searching for a song for a week. Finally it played on the radio. She sat near the radio waiting to hear the title. The announcer never said the name of the song. Gina was disappointed, but at least she'd recorded the song on a tape.
Claire hired a cleaning lady. She had always loved having a very clean house. The cleaning lady did a great job. She scrubbed the toilets and did the laundry. Claire came home to a spotless house!
The family went to a movie. They bought a giant bucket of popcorn. The dad was carrying the bucket through the aisles. He tripped and dropped the bucket! Popcorn went all over the theater!
Sheena fell asleep last night with gum in her mouth. The gum must have fallen out while she was sleeping. When she woke up this morning she had the gum stuck in her hair. Her mom had to cut the gum out of hair. Sheena's hair looks funny now.
Mrs Jones was nervous. She was starting her first day of teaching! She practiced what she would say to her class. She marched in with a big smile on her face. She was determined to make it a good year!
The family arrived at the water park as soon as it opened. They rode all the rides many times. Their favorite was the slide with the huge waterfall. They dried off and prepared to go home. It had been a fun day!
Arsenal was Greg's favorite football team. They were not playing very well in the season. Greg did not want to watch any more games. However he wanted to support his team. Greg watched the next game, hoping for the best.
Dave was on a playground. And a kid asked him to play catch. Dave decided to play. And they played catch for half an hour. Dave was happy because it reminded him of his childhood.
Tom was driving at night. It started to rain. He noticed his windshield wipers didn't work well. Tom decided to pull into a car store. He replaced them on the spot.
Marcus looked around at his family. They were very large, 20 cousins total. Marcus looked at his girlfriend. He decided he would not have any children with her. The world was populated enough as it was.
Jon was the life of the party, well respected, and talented. At the party last night, Jon saw a boy in the corner. The boy looked sad, so Jon told him it gets better, and to look up. The boy joined them and they danced, and sang karaoke and laughed. They found Jon hanging out again the next day.
When I sneaked out of the house, I thought it would be fun. I went out with my friends, and we went to the bowling alley. There were lots of strangers there, and I left with an older boy. We drove around town in his car for hours. When I got home, I was told I was grounded.
David applied for a new job. He was invited for an interview at a large company. David drove across town to the interview. He waited at the office but no one came. David realized he had traveled to the wrong location.
The teacher walked in a bad mood. She paid no attention to her wrinkled clothes and messed up hair. As she talked about today's lesson, Billy dropped his pencil. She yelled at him for making too much noise. He stared at her with a confused face.
Erica was the new zoo keeper for the penguins. It was her first day at the job. Her first assignment was to feed the penguins. She prepared buckets full of fish. She left the buckets of fish near the penguins.
Mary dropped out of high school. But Mary is working on earning her diploma. She attends night school and weekend classes. Mary has turned her life around. Mary graduated with her GED!
Kate and her friend were at a seafood restaurant eating crab legs. They each ordered a half pound to start. Then they decided to share another half pound. Kate kept eating even though she was no longer hungry. Kate was so full she unbuttoned her top jean button.
The door to the Ice Cavern was closed leaving us in total darkness. I had no idea the tour would be so strenuous when I agreed to go. We trudged up 100s of steps in the dark & I was not able to keep up. I almost turned back when suddenly the cavern filled with lite. The sight of glacial formations unchanged for centuries was worth it.
Susan was feeling hungry. She decided to make herself something to eat. Susan opened the refrigerator and looked inside. She pulled out a cup of strawberry yogurt. Susan opened the container and ate the yogurt.
Karen wanted to have a child of her own. She struggled from serious fertility issues. She tried every method possible but couldn't conceive a child. Karen decided to adopt a baby. She has never been happier in her life.
Sarah loved going to ballet class every week. Her parents always made sure she was there on time. One week there was a traffic jam and she knew she wouldn't make it. By the time Sarah got there class was almost over. She and her parents learned their lesson to leave earlier for ballet.
I just had to clean out the trash. It was rather gross. My hands got dirty. I couldn't wash it off. Finally it took me an hour.
Bryan had a hard time at school. He found it difficult to read things. One teacher patiently helped him. Soon he was reading above his grade level. He went on to become a famous writer!
Jeff was walking across the neighbor. Since it was extremely windy, Jeff had a hard time walking. A gust of wind knocked him from behind. He landed in a puddle. All of his belongings got soaked.
The girl visited a castle in Ireland. It was very old and beautiful. She explored the walkways. She even peeked in the dungeon! She felt like a real princess that day.
The group studied the forest. They were curious about the biodiversity. They counted the number of different plants. They plotted the plant counts. They wrote a report about their findings.
Nyla was going to the park. She told her mom before she left. Nyla left and walked to the park. Nyla stayed at the park too late. Her mom went to the park and found her.
The soccer game was about to start. The ref checked in with the team captains. He blew the whistle and the game began. The ref had a lot of fun making calls. He liked his part time job.
Megan bought an old house. The plumbing needed a lot of work. She hired a plumber to help her. He charged $5000 but finished quickly. Megan was happy to have her house repaired.
I could no longer feel hunger. The years of starvation had killed the feeling. I did, however, notice when my stomach growled. Today it growled loudly in the office. I was so humiliated that I hid in my cubicle.
I bought a tiny hamster at the pet store. I let it run around my apartment. Suddenly, it ran out the door. I chased the fast critter down the street. I finally caught it when it stopped to drink from a puddle.
Mary threw a birthday party. She invited her boyfriend who cheated on her. When Mary's father saw him, he approached him. He took her boyfriend somewhere quiet. The boyfriend left since he was threatened.
Sara was coming down with a cold. She missed work the next day. He friend brought her medicine and chicken soup. The next day Sara felt much better. Sara sent her friend a thank you card for caring.
Today I sat on a bench in front of our building. Our neighbor Shelley parked out front. Shelley was helping her husband Joe. Joe bought a cube fridge for his office and needed to install it. Shelley drove off and waved to me.
She had to admit she was learning a hard lesson. Her choices had led her down a difficult path. She sat quietly, thinking about where she wanted life to take her. She didn't know what to do, mulling it over for hours. In the end, she knew she had no control over anything.
Celeste and her friend wanted to go to the beach this Summer. Celeste did not have a proper bathing suit. She and her friend went to the store to pick one out. She found a pink one that she really liked. She ended up buying it because it fit her well.
Dan wanted to watch Sia's concert from Coachella. The only site with the video was in streaming format. It wouldn't let Dan download it to watch. Dan looked at the network requests to find the actual video link. He downloaded it directly and enjoyed it without watching ad popups.
Jo had been out shopping. She had her cellphone with her. When she got back from the store, she could not find it. She searched everywhere. She finally found it at the bottom of her bag.
John was a senior on the high school football team. He had played varsity for the last two years but never scored a goal. It was the last game of the season. In the third quarter, he caught the ball. And ran it all the way to the end goal, scoring at last.
Shawn wanted to take Sarah on a date. The theater was for people 18 and up, though. Sarah was only 16, so she had to lie about her age. She didn't think that anyone would believe her. Luckily, they did, and they let her in.
Frank's family was very poor. They decided to leave their country. Maybe America could give them a better life. They immigrated to the US. Turns out, things weren't any easier there either.
Tim was playing poker with friends. He was losing pretty badly. Tim decided to try and cheat. He was caught pretty easily. Tim's friends kicked him  out of the game.
John was shooting in target practice. He aimed steadily, but his arrows always missed. His instructor told him to practice more. John complied, practicing often. Soon he was an excellent shot!
Bob liked to pick the skin on his feet. Eventually he had picked it so much that it started to bleed. He didn't take care of the wound, and it became painfully infected. He had to go to the doctor to get antibiotics. After that he never picked at his feet again.
At the Epcot park we went through to the Aquarium. There were scuba divers that were exploring the area. They were swimming with turtles and fish. It was pretty amazing to see them with all the fish. But I think it must have been even better to be a diver.
Penelope loved mermaids. She used to have dreams about being a mermaid. She read books where mermaids where the main characters. One day, she decided to commemorate her love of mermaids. She got a large tattoo of a mermaid on her arm.
Jill's mother was in the hospital. She had a minor operation done. Jill stayed in the hospital with her mother until she was released. Jill's mother was finally released. Jill continued visiting her mother everyday until she was fine.
Belle wanted to be a mom. But she was in her thirties and had no husband in sight. She decided she could handle parenthood on her own. She had IVF treatments to help her conceive her child. Nine months after treatment, Belle had a healthy baby boy!
Bill was doing a research paper for school. He was drinking some hot coffee. Bill got a craving for some food. Bill went to make a sandwich. On the way to leave bill knocked his laptop over breaking it.
I had a friend named Hilary. We worked together for a year. We still go to church together. She is angry with me. I kissed her on the cheek without asking.
Richard wants to buy a new truck. He has a good job and little bills to pay. He went to the dealership to look around. He was able to test drive a few models and chose one of them. He was approved for the loan and was a proud new truck owner.
It was a rainy day outside. Tom had to wear his raincoat and boots. When he got to school he took them off. The teacher laid them out to dry. Tom left his raincoat and boots at school.
Tara wanted to find a new hobby. She decided to take massage classes. She eventually became a professional masseuse. She opened her own shop a year later. She enjoyed her thriving business.
Jill was hungry and decided to eat a sandwich. She made a peanut butter sandwich. Jill did not, however, check the expiration date on the bread. She ate the sandwich and became ill soon after. Jill went to the hospital and was diagnosed with salmonella.
It didn't snow often in Alabama, so Ellen didn't expect a blizzard. Her pipes froze over until one of them burst. Because of the blizzard, no one could get out to fix it. Water flooded her basement. Ellen prayed that the blizzard didn't last long.
I arrived at the airport security and was sure that I packed well. I began to think about the items that I bought. I knew I had nothing that would cause me to have my bag searched. However, I was asked to move aside and my bag needed to be searched. The spiritual candle I purchased caused and alert in the system.
Greg was building a new bathroom in his house. He did a terrible job. He was confused. Dan came over to help. With Dan's help, the bathroom turned out beautiful.
Rita always loved hearing her father play his harmonica. He had told her to never play it. One day, she was overcome by the temptation to play it. Three days later, her father got sick with the cold Rita had. She felt guilty that her disobedience had made him sick!
I went to the bank to get a small loan. I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates. I decided that the rates were too high. I went to another bank to check the rates there. They gave me a better deal at this bank and i took the loan.
Gail was at the gym running on the treadmill. She was listening to music on her phone. When she was done she stopped and put her feet on the edges. She pulled out her earbuds and thought she shut the treadmill off. But when she stepped back on it was still going and she flew off.
Jerry played beach volleyball with a few friends. They decided to take a dive in the water for a few minutes. Jerry's phone got soaked since it was in his pocket. When he noticed, he quickly tried to swim out of the water. The phone was dead.
Danny was thrilled when he got a bike for Christmas. He was distraught when the bike turned up missing later. When school resumed, Danny saw his bike with a coat of black paint. As he ran to the bike, Danny saw a tough boy get on it. Danny told the boy that was sure a neat bike.
Jane got out of her seat 10 minutes before class ends. She tried to leave early to get to her second class. The professor noticed and called her name. He asked where she was going. Although Jane was embarrassed, she explained why she left.
Matt wanted to boost his self-esteem. He read many self-help books and even went to the gym. Nothing seemed to be working for him. Matt went to the barber shop and got a mohawk style haircut. He instantly felt more confident and macho.
My mom and I went to Portland. My favorite thing was a bookstore called Powell's. It was so big that when you went inside, they gave you a map. We were glad to have the map because we got lost. Luckily, a massive bookstore is not a bad place to be lost in.
Jane bought some red, seedless grapes from her local grocery store. She thought she saw a black grape, as she was washing them all. When Jane looked closer, she noticed the black grape had a red mark. Upon even closer inspection, she saw the mark was hourglass-shaped. Jane screamed, as she discovered the grape was actually a Black Widow.
Sam hated his co-worker. They never got along. They were scheduled to work together often. Sam's co-worker finally crossed the line. Sam got into a fight with him and both got fired.
When I was in preschool a girl would bring a sewing needle to school. She would stick me with it everyday. I told my mom about it, but she said I dare better not say anything. She was friends with the girl's mother and didn't want the mom mad. No wonder I had a hard time speaking up for myself or saying no.
Sam was sent to fat camp. He was a portly child that needed to lose weight. At the end of the camp there was a big race. Everyone wanted to win to show they were in the best shape. Sam was able to come in first.
Eli was having some issues with certain sounds. His teacher contacted his parents to let them know. The school go to the speech pathologist involved. She observed Eli and found he did have a speech problem. She worked to get speech services in place.
Nick was from a poor family. He wanted to attend college, but they just couldn't afford it. Then he heard about a solution. Nick joined the army for four years and traveled a bit. Then he came home, and the Army paid for his college degree!
Jessi was painting a piece of furniture. She accidentally bought enamel paint. Her dog knocked over the paint. Jessi tried to clean it up. Now there is a huge spot of red enamel paint on the carpet.
A homeless man was on the street. He asked for help. Tina gave him a helping hand. He was so thankful. They both felt really good.
Kate's cat was always jumping on countertops. This made Kate angry, so she decided to train her cat. She tried both positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement. Kate tried treats, verbal commands and spray bottles to no avail. She finally gave up and decided that cats cannot be trained.
Tom set up a romantic date for his girlfriend. He took a long time to set everything up. At the last minute his girlfriend cancelled. This was the third time she had done so. Tom was disappointed and hurt.
A few years ago I was teaching my brother how to drive. He was incredibly nervous, which made me nervous as well. I would yell when he would mess up, and make him mess up more. I eventually figured out to stay calm and help him do the same. He is a very accomplished driver now, and I was glad to help.
Lilly's family set out a blanket early for fireworks. They wanted to get a really good spot. When darkness fell the first spark flew. It exploded into the air. The fireworks display was even better than the year before.
Gavin had always day dreamed of being a mailman. Working for the US postal service seemed like a good job. He loved being outside and always had good relations with his mailman. One day gavin heard about an open position at his post office. He didn't hesitate, now he delivers the mail and is happier than ever.
Amy was friends with Erin and Sara. Erin and Sara had been making fun of Amy in class one day. Amy decided she no longer wanted to be their friend. She walked into class and sat across the room. Amy knew she made the right choice as they to giggled and whispered.
Francis wakes up feeling hungry. He decides to have some breakfast. He eats toast with butter. Afterwards he feels better. Francis is glad that he isn't hungry any more.
I had dinner with three coworkers in October. Rita is a single 49 year old white woman. Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white. Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father. Everyone said Rita was foolish.
The man laughed out loud. People wondered why he was laughing. Someone asked the man. The man could not think of a reason. The man had lost his mind.
Jessica was sitting in the cafeteria alone. I decided to give her company. However, she yelled at me when I asked her if she's ok. She also smacked me with her purse. A few hours later, I found out that her brother passed away.
Megan enjoyed watching her friends skate. She wanted to learn how to do a trick on a skateboard. She asked her friend to teach her a simple trick. On Megan's first attempt at the trick, she slipped off the board. She suffered a broken leg and never got back on a skateboard.
John suffered from depression. It made it hard to get out of bed in the morning. One day he was completely unable to. He missed work too many times and got fired. This made John more depressed.
Kendra was driving while her husband offered advice. Kendra got annoyed and the two began to fight. Soon, she was so emotional her driving was suffering. Her husband asked her to pull over. Kendra did and she was able to calm down.
I went to the doctor yesterday today for a check up. The doctor told me I needed a shot. When I got the shot I screamed. The pain was unbearable. The only upside was that the pain was quick.
The light bulb in my microwave burnt out. I went to the store to find a replacement. I was overwhelmed with all the choices. I finally gave up on the energy efficient LEDs. I just picked the same type of bulb as had burnt out.
Tim wanted to sell his car. He fixed any small issues he found. He made sure it was perfectly clean inside and out. Tim also kept detailed maintenance schedule. He was able to sell the car easily.
Chad was going out for a pass. He was on in the parking lot. Someone was guarding him. He hit the ground hard. His arm was broken.
Lola went sailing with a friend one day. They had planned to go too far and dive all afternoon. When they arrived at the perfect spot, it started raining. The waves were so big, they had to go back home. Lola was very disappointed and went to the aquarium instead.
Lukas's computer stopped working one day. He called all his friends for help. None of them could figure out what was wrong. Finally, his friend Gilbert came by to look at it. The computer had gotten unplugged.
Tara and her brother Fred were put into foster care as young children. Eventually they were adopted, but by different families. After many years, Tara found Fred's information. Though she was nervous after so long, she decided to contact him. In her heart she believed they could learn to be siblings again.
It looked like the perfect day for the beach. We checked the weather report and it agreed so we headed out. After sitting in traffic for what felt like forever, we were there. The waves had picked up since we left home. It was a good day to surf, but we had packed snorkel gear.
Sam got some furniture at Ikea. He felt he could put it together himself. Sam was able to without much trouble. The new furniture looked great. He didn't understand why it was so hard for others.
When Joe sold his car, he had to make a flyer. He lied about some of the stats on the car. When he looked at it, he felt guilty. Joe couldn't allow himself to post the flyer. He tore it up and started over honestly.
Last year I went on a band trip with my school. It was very fun and we went to New York. The only problem was we ended up getting lost. We tried finding the theater but no one would help. Finally an hour later we found our way.
Rob shot two deer on his hunting trip. Rob processed the deer. He brought back the venison to his home. Rob put all the meat into his freezer. Rob and his family had over a year's worth of meat.
Michelle was playing with her friends near a rock wall. They were pretending to be animals and crawling along the rocks. Suddenly, Michelle slipped and fell. The distance to the ground was something like ten feet. Luckily, Michelle landed on some bushes and softened her fall.
Bryanna tried out for the cheerleading team. She jumped wrong. She fell to the ground. The judge gave her a second chance. She stayed on her feet on her second  attempt.
Marvin had a date with his girlfriend. When it was time to go he couldn't find his phone. He decided he should call her and tell her he was running late. Suddenly he realized he needed his phone for that. Marvin didn't know what to do.
Windell asked me to be his girlfriend when I was 12 years old. I agreed because I really liked him. Later I found out he was mentally unstable. He ended up going into counseling. He tried to hurt his cousin by pushing her in front of a car.
James got a flat tire on his way to work. James didn't have a spare tire in his trunk. James called his good friend Mike and he came to help. Mike bought a tire and brought it to James. James was so thankful to have a friend like Mike.
Jace was eating ice cream. He felt a sharp pain in one of his teeth. Jace went to the dentist. The dentist fixed the problem with his tooth. Jace was able to eat ice cream without pain again.
Alice liked to sit out back on her patio every evening. One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves. She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor Tom's back yard. Tom saw that Alice had raked leaves into his yard but he wasn't upset. Tom went outside, put the leaves into a bag, and disposed of them.
Marcus loved to eat ice cream. After losing his job he decided to open up an ice cream stand. He started out only selling two flavors at first. As his business became more popular in town he added more flavors. Now his business is at it's peak and he's quite successful.
Penelope usually made her boyfriend change the sheets. She just didn't know how to do it. One day her boyfriend got sick with the flu. He ended up in the hospital for a week. She didn't know what to do when she spilled on her sheets.
Dan was hanging out with friends. He went to grab a beer. Sam realized it was the last one. He offered it to everyone else there. One person took him up on the offer.
Andy recently traveled to Haiti for a charity event. While there, Andy fell in love with the people and culture. Andy decided that he would relocate to Haiti permanently. Once relocated, the local village he helped threw a party for him. Andy was touched by the way the local villagers welcomed him.
Jay was six and ready for his first pet. His parents took him to the shelter, where they looked at animals. At first Jay wanted a cute, frisky puppy, but then changed his mind. His parents were proud of Jay's sensitive choice. Jay chose a sweet old three-legged mutt called Old Bark!
When I was 12 years old, my Dad put us in golf classes. I was nervous at first. After awhile, I became very good. I started playing golf from that day on. However, I still can't beat my Dad.
Linda loved her new patio enclosure. She did not like that the brick wall of the house was still visible. She looked into having the wall dry-walled and painted. The estimates were quite high for what she thought was a small job. The last handyman suggested she paint the brick, so she did.
Jamie was taking a bath. She was using her cell phone as she relaxed in the tub. Jamie dropped her phone in the tub. The water damaged the phone. Jamie had to buy a new phone.
My baby was walking in the kitchen. He saw a jar on the table and grabbed it. It ended up falling on the ground. Since it had water in it, he ended up falling. I immediately got a mop and started to clean up.
Nate was out on a hot day. His nose started bleeding. He didn't realize at first. A friend thought he was injured. Nate cleaned himself up.
Charlie was going deaf. He got some hearing aides to help him. Soon, he could hear everything very clearly. He loved listening to music and watching tv. Charlie was glad he'd gotten the hearing aides.
The baseball team had been practicing for their big game for months. The game was almost over, and the bases were loaded. Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate. But he hit the ball on his first try, and it flew into the outfield. Brian made it to the home plate, and the game was won!
Mark was excited for his sixth birthday. He had invited all of his friends to a party. His parents had rented a bounce house for the party. At the party all of his friends played in the bounce house. Everyone had a great time.
Nan bought a table off Craigslist. She carefully sanded and stained it. She put it in her dining room when it was dry. She carefully set the table. The family couldn't wait to eat at their new table.
I went out to buy a new suit yesterday. The salesman asked me all sorts of questions. Then the salesman took my measurements. After taking my measurements I picked out a nice blue suit. I paid for the suit and now I can't wait to wear it!
Craig was wandering along the seashore after a breakup. As he walked down the beach, he saw a glimmer in the water. He reached down and pulled a full pearl out of the sand. It shone beautifully in the moonlight. Craig took the pearl home and keeps it on his mantle now.
Henry wanted to work from home. His niece found him a job working on the computer. He tried so hard to learn how to operate the computer. He got so mad he quit the first day. Henry is unemployed again.
Tim hated his name. He always wanted to change it. Once he was old enough he got the paperwork for it. After looking it over and thinking about it he changed his mind. Tim never liked his name but kept it anyway.
It was a windy day. Danielle went outside to fly a kite. The kite went way up in the air. A big gust snapped the string. The kite sailed away into the distance.
Dan walked in the woods on a warm spring day. He found a patch of wild morel mushrooms. Dan plucked the mushrooms out of the ground. He brought them home in a canvas bag. Dan ate morels for dinner that night.
Carlos wants to find something to wear that will make him look cool. At first he considers buying a leather jacket but it is too expensive. His brother recommends he buys a new pair of sunglasses. Carlos loves the way he looks in his new glasses. He hopes other people think they make him look cool.
I began packing my bags for my visit to New York. Not sure of the weather, I pack all types of clothing. My flight is at 3:00 PM, and I'm running late so I rush off to the car. Driving down to the airport, I hit some traffic and start to worry. Once there, I rush through boarding and get on the plane ready to go.
Diana was new in town and wanted to explore the city. She started downtown and made her way through the little shops. As she looked through the shops she saw things for her new apartment. After traveling through the city she wanted a drink. She ended her tour at the local coffee shop and read the newspaper.
Today was Josh's first day at college. He had bought a new backpack and school supplies. He got lost on his way to his first class. When he walked into the classroom late, everyone looked at him. Josh was embarrassed so he walked back outside and left.
Jane loved singing. She would only do it in the shower. She was too shy to sing anywhere else. One day a friend caught her singing in the shower and made fun. Jane stopped singing altogether after that.
Keisha was an innocent girl, she would never steal. But there came a time in her life she had to steal. Her mother hadn't left money for her and her sister in days. Keisha left her little sister at home and went to the store. She hid a bottle of orange juice in her coat and then ran out.
Aya signed up for archery in school. But she was a terrible shot! Her dad started coaching her on weekends. Soon her scores improved drastically. Thanks to her dad's help, Aya was soon the best shot in the class!
Ann was very excited to vote for the first time. She drove over to the local school to cast her ballot. She vote for her favorite female candidate and left with a smile. That night she tuned into the election results. To her delight, her candidate ended up winning.
Edna saw smoke coming from under her hood. She pulled over quickly. Then she called the auto club to help her. They towed her car to a garage. There, the mechanic fixed Edna's smoking engine.
The once loved museum was dilapidated. The windows were broken and mice moved in. A wealthy man purchased the building. The museum was completely renovated and remodelled. A year later it was filled with happy visitors.
September is my favorite month because the weather cools off a bit. This morning when I woke up it was only 55 degrees outside. I went over to my sister's house and asked her to go for a walk. She thought I was crazy to want to go out in such chilly weather. However, she got a sweater on and went anyway.
Lani had a pet pig. His name was Earl. Lani's mother did not like Earl because he was so big. Until one day Earl scared away an intruder. After that Lani's mother decided Earl was a good pet.
Stephanie went to the beach the first day of her summer vacation. She was very excited to play in the water and sand. Stephanie had just bought a new bikini to wear for the beach. Her new bikini was a bit big on the top, so she could not wear it. Stephanie had to borrow a bikini top from a friend to go swimming.
Bobby's electric bill had been running high. He wanted to save money on his bill. Bobby started to make sure to turn off his lights. He set his air conditioner higher. The next month, Bobby's bill was lower.
My Siamese cat escaped from the house a few weeks ago. It was soon apparent that she became pregnant while she was out. The father is unknown, so I wondered what the kittens would look like. Today she had four beautiful kittens. All of them are solid black!
Tony had trouble making new friends. All the kids would tease him because he was so tall. One day a couple boys were playing catch. Their ball got stuck in a tree. Tony helped them get it down and they asked him to join.
Z scheduled an interview for her very first job tomorrow. She was nervous because she didn't have any job experience. Her family didn't want her to get her hopes up too high. When the interviewer reviewed her application, Z began to worry. When the lady asked her if she could start the Monday, Z said yes.
Marge was working the breakfast shift at work. Things were picking up and getting very busy. She was having a hard time keeping up and needed some help. She called up her friend Sean. Sean arrived quickly, and she was able to keep things under control.
Jean was studying to be a nurse. She did well in all her classes. Jean began to take her clinicals. She couldn't stomach the things she saw. Jean had to change her major.
Tod applied to be on a game show because he's very smart. Tod was approved and flown to tape the game show. Tod was very nervous. He even shook when he introduced himself. Tod wound up winning thousands of dollars.
Hebert loved going to the local arcade. His favorite game was a shooting game where you rack up a high score. One day Herbert was playing one of his best games yet. He made it to the last level and won the game. Herbert got the highest score in the game that day.
A horse ran toward a school. He was a racehorse that accidentally got lost. One of the children, Bart, jumped out of the way. Then Bart jumped onto the horse's back. He stopped the horse from hitting any other children.
Steve ran a membership only swimming pool. The pool entrance was open, but members were checked in. One day a dog ran into the club area. It jumped into the pool. Steve told his employees to always keep the door shut.
I was hungry but didn't want to make food last night. I decided I wanted a hamburger. Several fast food places were open. I chose the closest one. I went to it and got some dollar menu items.
I wanted to see if i could save some money so I started using coupons. I collected coupons from the Sunday paper,emails and snail mail. I researched stores that doubled the value of the coupons I had saved. I clipped, tore and cut fifty coupons that were doubled in value. Now I am believer in coupons because I saved ten dollars last week
Alan had been hearing noises at night. The noises were coming from his attic. Alan decided to check the attic. Alan discovered rats in the attic. He called the exterminator that day.
The girl sat down. Her seat was wet. It soaked her pants. The girl had to change her pants. The mom cleaned up the chair.
Tom made a new year's resolution to lose weight. This was the fourth time he had done so. Tom was sure he would stick to it this time. He went to the gym for about a month. After that he just went back to his old routines.
The mom was throwing her purchases into the shopping cart. She was in a big rush to buy the groceries. She had to pick her kids up from school. When she finished shopping, she wheeled the cart to the parking lot. It was so heavy she couldn't even push it across the parking lot!
Steven was preparing for his chemistry exam. He was very worried about failing it so he studied with friends. While studying he gained a lot of confidence. On the day of the exam Steven felt really good. He passed the test and was happy with himself!
Daniel sent me a lot of work. I woke up in the morning and found a new load. He said he needed it done asap. I told him I would start immediately. I heaved a deep sigh and got to work.
Louis was constantly stressed out. So he listened to loud music all day. But one day, he noticed a ringing in his ears. But after listening to quieter music, the ringing never went away. Eventually, the ringing made Louis unable to enjoy music.
We decided to have a homespun Christmas instead of buying everything. We made cookies and candy as gifts for our friends and neighbors. Our tree was hung with orange slices, cinnamon sticks, and pinecones. The children made Christmas cards and gift tags from recycled things. We saved money, were debt-free, and had our sweetest holiday ever.
Martha needed a part time job. She wanted some extra money. So she applied at the restaurant. Thankfully they gave her the job. Martha was so happy.
Janet worked as the manager of a fast food restaurant. Her vendor had forgotten to deliver the ketchup packets. Janet went to the local grocery store. She bought a few bottles of ketchup. Janet left the bottles at the counter for her customers to use.
Eva was raising two boys alone and needed money badly. She worked long hours as a hotel maid, earning minimum wage. But when a man left his wallet in his room, honest Eva returned it. The man was so grateful to have his ID and cards back. Despite Eva's protests, he insisted she take a $100 reward!
Ray handed out Valentines Day cards to everyone at work. He had a very special one telling Sarah how he felt about her. He marked the envelope with a single heart. When he looked around the office he saw Laura opening Sarah's card. Laura was now in love with Ray.
Although Nancy was sore from the previous game, she played today. However, she stumbled when she had the ball. In addition, the other team managed to steal it from her. The coach tried to take her to the bench but she refused. Nancy picked herself up and continued to play.
Joan decided to throw a Halloween party. She thought of many great costumes, but couldn't decide which to wear. She decided to be a witch. She picked her costume carefully. At the party, someone else was wearing the exact same costume.
Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting. She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.
Jill usually had an uneventful drive to work each morning. Today, she got in her car and pulled out of the driveway as usual. After a few blocks, Jill heard a screech and tried to pull over. Her brakes wouldn't work and the car went into a ditch. Jill felt stressed but was thankful that she didn't get hurt.
Tessa wanted to get her ears pierced. Her mom finally agreed. They went to the jewelry store at the mall. She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side. On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time.
One night Sarah forgot to set her alarm clock. The next morning she woke up and panicked after looking at the time. She rushed to brush her teeth and get dressed. Right as she was about to leave her Mom stopped her. Her mom told her that school was out that day.
Andy recently felt he needed a walking companion. Andy decided that he would adopt a dog. Andy visited the animal shelter in search for a dog. Upon arrival, a black lab, jumped in his arms, and Andy fell in love. Andy was excited to adopt the black lab.
Dee was very excited. His parents were taking him on vacation. They told him the destination was a surprise. When the plane landed in Florida, he laughed. He knew now: they were going to Disneyland!
Tim cleaned his apartment. His dogs were feeling energetic. They went a bit wild. Tim's apartment got messy again. He cleaned it once more.
Tim moved into a new apartment. He heard scary sounds at night. He tried to find out where they came from. Tim looked everywhere. He never figured it out.
Allie went on a date with Fred the other day. She met him at a restaurant. She did not realize it but she spilled something on her dress. When Fred pointed it out, Allie was so embarrassed. But Allie then got over it and was glad Fred wasn't making fun.
Jon had no friends. This made John very sad. Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship. Lisa decided to be Jon's friend. Now, Jon had a friend!
Tina had graduated from college a few months ago. But she failed to find a high paying job so she was at the cafe. The next day she got a bill from the loan company and her stomach sank. Tina did not have the money to pay for it. So she had to swallow her pride and ask her parents for help.
Nikki didn't feel good about how she looked. She went to a plastic surgeon. She decided she could improve her bosom. She got breast implants. She was still unhappy with her appearance.
Gus wanted to be an astronaut ever since he could remember. He would look up at the sky and wish he was in space flying. He studied and studied and got good grades all throughout school. By the time he was in college he was well on his way to his dream. He became an astronaut and all because he followed his dream.
Chris tried to turn on his computer to watch a movie. He discovered that it was broken. Chris tinkered with it for a bit. He gave up on trying to fix it himself. Chris took it to a computer repair shop.
A car drove very quickly down Pat's street. He shouted at the driver and the driver flipped Pat off. To fix the problem Pat decided to install a speed bump. The next time the drive went past he did not see the bump. The car bounced violently and the driver flipped Pat off again.
Candace was sorting through her mail. Suddenly she noticed a letter with a big red stamp. After evaluating it, she realized that she owed the library fines. She went to the library that day to make a payment. She was so glad to be debt-free.
Marissa needed to turn in her library books. She had all but one of them in her bag. She searched everywhere for the lost book. Finally, she found it under the couch. Then, she returned all of the books.
Yesterday I was at the grocery store. I stumbled across oatmeal that was on sale. It was a value pack. I decided to try all of them. Tasting each one was delicious.
Marty was watching the TV. The lottery numbers came on and he remembered he'd bought a ticket. When the numbers came up, they were his own numbers. He spent the next 5 hours frantically looking for his ticket. He found it, but was livid to see he had bought a lucky dip that day.
Jan's car wouldn't start, so she called a tow truck. The mechanic told her the engine needed to be rebuilt. She contacted a friend that knew a little bit about cars. The friend told her the mechanic was ripping her off. The friend offered to fix it for nothing.
I went to bed last night at three. I woke up feeling so tired. I could barely function. I had to drink coffee. Thankfully that helped.
Craig had a crush on a coworker of his named Linda. He learned that Linda loved to dance. Craig asked her if she would teach him some cool dance moves. Linda thought it was adorable and they arranged a date. They had a great time and are now dating.
Patricia wanted everything to be perfect for her guests' visit. She bought new bedding for the guest room. The sheets were white and crisp. The guests said they slept well and loved the bedding. Patricia felt like a good host.
When Nathan got home, he was looking for his homework. He searched in the room and found his baby brother. He was ripping the homework pages apart and eating them. As mad as Nathan was, he didn't attack his brother. He threw the remains away and did the homework all over again.
Johnny mom had lots of milk goats. Johnny loved helping her milk the goats. His mom told him he would have to help more when the babies came. One night Johnny mom woke him. Out in the kitchen was the cute baby goat
Karen rejected the supplemental coverage on her insurance. She wondered, after all, how often someone was struck by a car. Karen decided to text that question to her sister. She wasn't paying attention as she crossed the street. She crossed safely to the other side without incident.
Joe is well loved at the office where he works. Every time the printer breaks it's Joe's job to fix it. He can always figure out what the problem is. His skill is valued, and he's compensated for it. As long as he can fix the printer he gets free coffee.
Tracy was buying a new car. The dealership wasn't offering her a lot for her old car. Tracy decided to sell her old car herself. Tracy had a cousin that was looking for a car. Tracy sold her old car to her cousin.
Ann loved going to the beach but had a bad experience. As she was swimming in the ocean she was bitten by a jellyfish. Ann's friends had to help her out of the water. They then drove her to the hospital where the doctors treated her. Ann will never swim in the ocean again.
Luther is a huge sports fan. He always attends his local high school sports games. One evening before a football game he has a chat with the coach. The coach is so blown away by Luther's knowledge of the game. He asks Luther to become an assistant coach and Luther agrees.
I hate my boss' scheduling practices. She schedules meetings within twenty minutes of closing time. They always go overtime. She never credits any of us with overtime. I've begun the search for a new place of work.
We went whale watching on a stormy day in August. The crew assured us that we'd get far enough out to avoid it. Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water. I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly. Then the skies cleared as we made it to the channel and it was calm.
Nicolas hated eating grapes a lot. He had not eaten them since he was a kid. One day, he went to a vineyard. He saw so many grapes that he had to eat one. After that, Nicolas started to enjoy eating grapes every day.
Ted holds the baseball bat with good grip. The pitcher throws him a fastball. Ted hits the ball right in the center. The ball goes out of the park. The team cheers because Ted hits a homerun.
Tonight I played 3 games of speed chess with Tom. We play 5 minute games. I won the first game and lost the second. I won the third game by a checkmate. Tom stopped playing as his dinner had arrived.
Little Timmy always felt different. He never understood why all the other boys didn't like him. He just wanted friends. He just wanted someone to hang out with. But more than that he wanted to dance.
Natalie loved being scared. She would rent dozens of scary movies each year. She decided to watch a few on a dark, stormy night. She got so scared she couldn't fall asleep. When she finally did, she had horrible nightmares.
Alex entered a sidewalk chalk competition. She spent all day on her drawing. She used so many beautiful colors. She really wanted to win. When the judges announced she had won, she was so happy.
Billy wanted to bring happiness to the girl for Christmas. He listened to what she wanted. He took that into account. He went home and made her shoes. She was so happy when she got them!
Randy was fishing at a lake. He enjoyed being outdoors. But he felt impatient when no fish were biting. Suddenly, he felt something bite his fishing rod. It was so heavy that Randy couldn't wait to see it.
Jodie was a freshman in college. She loved going out with her friends and partying. She found it harder to go to class and study. She received terrible grades during midterms. Jodie immediately started taking her classes more seriously.
Jennifer was at the store. She had a bunch of coupons and her list was built around them. She spent nearly an hour clearing her cart. At check out, she learned that her coupons had expired. Her entire plan was ruined and she had to put the food back.
Jon realized his windows were dirty. He decided to hire a window cleaner. Alas, the window cleaner accidentally smashed one of the windows. Jon sued him. Jon won the suit and was paid for the damages.
Miguel was nearing his airplane's departure time. He was on the way back to his home country after 3 years. Once Miguel started packing he found himself sad and heavy hearted. He found himself emotionally attached to his Mother's hometown. After reflecting and a kiss goodbye from his mom, he didn't look back.
Allie had a date with Fred. She was rather excited. But he brought her to this bad restaurant. It was terrible food. The date went badly.
Kya signed up for a painting class. She was not experienced, and she thought she was bad. But her teacher helped her see that art was about free expression. Kya's courage grew as her painting improved. Soon she was proud - and very talented!
The radio DJ got into a big country music binge. All of his fans were resentful for this strict country music set. They gathered outside the radio station in a mob. The begged them to calm down. The crowd had none of it and stormed the station.
Marjorie had very curly hair. It curled even more every time there was a storm. When she woke up, it was raining, so Marjorie straightened her hair. But as soon as she arrived at work, her hair was curly again. She had to go to the bathroom to straighten it again.
John was at home watching a movie. Suddenly the power went out. John got up to investigate. One of the breakers in the box had tripped. He fixed it then finished his movie.
Lauren found a snake in her garden. She immediately fled to her home scared of being bit. She decided to look up whether or not the snake was poisonous. It turned out to be a common coral snake. She decided to keep the snake as a pet!
A man read several books about philosophy He read many profound ideas that touched him. His discovered his new favorite philosopher. The philosopher was named Hericlitus. He liked a part saying everyone and everything constantly changes.
Samantha wanted to buy a gift for her boyfriend, Doug. She had a lot of money, but wasn't sure what to buy. Samantha asked Doug's friend for advice. Doug's friend told Samantha that Doug needed a new watch. Samantha bought Doug a watch, and Doug was happily surprised.
My son and I woke up late this morning. He was hungry so I made him breakfast. While we ate we played a game together. I had some good moves but my son had even better ones. I lost so that meant that I had to clean up afterwards.
Jose liked to tease his younger sister because she took ballet. His sister was quite good, but took every part of training seriously. One day she got fed up with his good natured prods and challenged him. Jose smirked at her, performed a spin, and fell into the perfect split. Everyone laughed heartily as Jose ripped a hole in his jeans bottom.
I was at a rock concert. The lead singer threw free shirts to the audience. Unfortunately mine was too big. I saw a guy that had one that was too small. We exchanged shirts and were very happy.
Kate was on the bus. She was listening to her headphones. A strange guy approached her. He kept trying to talk to her. Kate kept trying to ignore him.
The garbage truck arrived in the neighborhood. The driver walked out and grabbed my trash can. He placed it behind the garbage truck. Afterwards, he dumped the recycle bin. He drove off afterwards.
Kate went into labor on Monday morning. Her husband rushed her to the hospital. The nurse called for her doctor. The doctor came to her room. The doctor delivered Kate's baby.
Wilma loved helping people. She always wanted to be a nurse. At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college. She earned her nursing degree. Wilma was thrilled to be living her dreams as a nurse.
A little girl has always wanted a puppy of her very own. She begged her parents for almost a year. Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time. Her parents decided to get her the puppy as a gift. She fell in love with him, and calls him Mac.
Jay tried petting his friend's cat. At first it let itself. Then he tried to pet it under it's belly. The cat scratched Jay several times. Jay is now afraid of cats.
Sara started a new job as a dishwasher. Her first night went well - until she got home. Preparing for bed, she saw that she had lost her wedding ring! It had slipped off in the warm soapy water at some point. Sara was dejected - suddenly she hated the new job!
The dog next door loved our dog. They met at the fence every day. They whined when they couldn't reach each other. One day he seemed to turn on her. His owners came over and apologized.
Samantha wanted to try out for cheerleading at her school. She went to the open try outs after class. She did the various poses the instructor demonstrated. She also cheered the school chants. Afterwards the instructor told her that she made the team.
Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper. She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra. Sue snuck the dish onto the table when no one was looking. When someone commented on her casserole, Sue didn't claim it. Afterward, Sue went home without even waiting to get her dish.
Fred had always wanted to ride a horse. He was afraid he might fall off of it thought. One day he decided to give it a try. He loved riding a horse. Fred was glad he had finally tried riding a horse.
Amy was at a friend's desk on her break. There as a new addition to this department. The new guy joined the conversation. To her amazement the new guy fit right in. She had a feeling they would be great friends.
Timmy just got a new coffee maker in the mail. He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee. He drank the entire cup. Afterwards Timmy started to sweat profusely. He had consumed too much caffeine.
Tommy was the class clown. It was silent in class one day. Tommy stood up and every looked at him. Tommy told a joke. Everyone in the class laughed at the funny joke.
I did a lot of mTurk work for an Amazon requester. The site rewarded me with bonuses for good work I got unlimited access to work on their site. Then I got blocked for poor quality work. I am disappointed as my work had been rewarded.
The doctor said it looked like her water had broken. He started an iv drip of pitocin. It began to trigger contractions. She was tears with the pain. She determined she was going to get through this ok.
Jen was lying on the floor in the living room, ready to watch TV. She was eating a sandwich and spilled crumbs all around. Her mom told her she needed to clean them and her dirty plates up. Jen whined, but her mom wouldn't let her watch TV until she did it. Jen cleaned up her mess so she could go back to watching her show.
Ed had been asking for a new trampoline for Christmas. His parents really couldn't afford it but got one anyway. Ed was so happy Christmas morning for his new toy. Ed played with the trampoline for a few months then lost interest. His parents sold it before next Christmas to make room for a pool.
We needed to go to bed. We were so hyped about it being Friday that it was difficult. We laid in bed for hours talking. We discussed what we were going to do over the weekend. We fell asleep happy and looking forward to the future.
Sandy was at her grandmother's house. She found a magic trick book in the den. Then, she spent an hour practicing one of the tricks. When she felt confident, she went to show her family. They were all really proud of her trick.
Paul and his friends are making dinner together. They decide to each take a different responsibility. While his friend is mixing drinks, Paul decides to chop vegetables. He chops onions, carrots, and celery with care. When dinner is ready, Paul is proud that he helped to make it.
The man opened his garage. There was a raccoon inside. The raccoon hissed at the man. The man poked at it with a broom. The raccoon darted through the door.
Raven and Tim were playing chess. It drew a large crowd. They kept playing for hours. Four hours passed and they still did not have a winner. They decided it was a tie.
Ava bought a big bag of freeze dried shrimp. The shrimp were for cooking and snacking. While drinking with some friends Ava snacked on the shrimp. Before long she felt extremely, violently ill. She could never consume vodka or freeze dried shrimp after that night.
In 2013 we sold our condo. I had just retired on disability. We had a lot of credit card debt. We made enough money to get of debt. We were sad to leave the only home we owned, though.
Barry recently bought his daughter a xylophone. Barry's daughter loved the xylophone. However, last night, Barry's daughter broke the xylophone. Barry decided he would purchase a new xylophone for her. Barry could not wait to surprise her with the new xylophone.
Chris bought a new cookie jar. He placed all sorts of cookies in the jar. He got hungry and decided to grab some cookies. The cookies got stuck together and were stuck in the jar. Chris had to return the jar and find a new one.
The man liked a drug. He tried to find some. It was illegal. The cops saw him. The man went to jail.
Miranda wanted a new iPad. She wanted the biggest one. She did not want to settle. So she went and bought one. She was happy with her purchase.
Bob went camping with his friends. Bob and his friends set up their tents. They set up the fire pit. They gather logs and kindling for a fire. They sat there roasting marshmallows all night.
Benny served the volleyball. His friend caught it. When he tried to serve it, Benny blocked the shot. However, the ball landed in the out zone. His friend scored a point.
Ken was asked to give a speech at his local college. Ken spent many hours preparing the speech. He asked his friends to listen to him practice. On the day of the speech, Ken forgot many lines. Ken decided to avoid giving speeches in the future.
Every day when I came home from work, my mailbox was opened. I found this to be very annoying. I wanted to know who was going through my mail. I put a camera in front of the mailbox before I went to work. It turns out it was just a hungry cat looking for food.
Matt notices that he has allowed ear wax to collect in his ears. He visits the local store to buy several cotton swabs. Over the next few hours Matt cleans wax from his ears. Finally he has removed all of the wax. Matt decides he will never let so much wax accumulate in his ears.
Kathy suffers from a rare genetic disease called HHT. Kathy warned her dentist that she needed to have antibiotics. The dentist had never heard of HHT so he wouldn't prescribe them. An infection moved from Kathy's mouth to her brain during dental work. Kathy was admitted to the ER and needed to have brain surgery.
The Julia's went to Spain every summer. This year they couldn't because of money. The whole family was so sad. The dad purchased tickets for them in the winter instead. Everyone was overjoyed and so surprised with the new plans.
Tim grew up going to bible study. He read it several times. After a while he came out as an atheist. Tim's family questioned him about it often. He knew more about the bible than they did, though.
The family loved waterparks. They found a lazy river and floated around on it. It was relaxing and fun! When they got to the end, they decided to go again. They rode it seven times in a row!
Owen picked up a bouquet of daisies from the florist. He was careful not to drop them as he carried them back to his car. Driving home, he held the flowers delicately. Owen reached his house and went up to his mother's bedroom. He handed over the flowers and wished his mom a happy birthday.
Anna wanted to buy a bicycle. She went to a local bike shop in her neighborhood. Anna didn't see a bike she liked. On her way home, she passed a garage sale with a bike for sale. Anna purchased the bike from the garage sale.
Three months ago, Sal wrote a novel. He went into a bookstore to see it on the shelf. Sal went right to where it was and gazed at his work. He was so proud to see so many copies of this thin little book. Sal took out a pen and autographed every book there.
Sam noticed that animals keep getting into his garden. He looked around his yard and found many holes in his fence. Sam drove to the local hardware store and purchased supplies. He patched all the holes in the fence. Sam has not seen any animals in his garden since then.
Wendy checked the mail outside. She was disappointed when she didn't see her package. Her neighbor was carrying a large box. Wendy tried to ask if that's hers. Although the neighbor said no, Wendy noticed that the package had her name on it.
John went to his garden. He saw a snake near his veggies. John got scared and ran inside his house. John called some people too pick up the snake. They picked up the snake.
We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon. Although it was a long flight, it was tolerable by flying first class. Everyone was so friendly and greeted you with leias. The weather was amazing, and it was a once in lifetime experience. While the wedding was great, the honeymoon was even better.
Remi decided to eat at a Chinese restaurant. After she ordered her food, she waited and waited. 30 minutes passed. And Remi began to feel impatient. She then yelled at her waitress and left.
Jerry was a professional video game player. He entered in a competition for a popular game he was very good at. Jerry played the game ten hours a day for 384 days straight. When the tournament came, Jerry lost and got last place! He was the absolute worst player out of 580 players.
Greta was responsible for interviewing Robbie for a job. Robbie's credentials looked very impressive to Greta. During the interview Robbie was rude and condescending. Greta recommended that Robbie not be hired. Robbie was surprised and insulted when he did not get the job.
The Smith children were very excited that it was finally Halloween. They put on their costumes and grabbed their candy sacks. They were finally old enough to walk around without their parents! They raced out of the house to join some friends. Two hours later they returned, barely able to carry their candy bags.
I ran out of toilet paper. I called my brother to get me some more. He ran a roll down to me. I replaced the roll of toilet paper. We went to the store to buy more.
Maddie decided to push me on the ground. I got up from the ground and became furious. I told her to go fight someone her own size. However, she took it seriously and brought Tim. He tried to fight me as well.
Brian went to his parents house for thanksgiving. He hugged his parents and sister. He then ate dinner. After dinner, Brian and his family talked for hours. Brian went home completely satisfied with his day.
Mandy was celebrating Christmas. She had a lot of gifts and she liked them all. But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was. She thought about it for a moment. Then she decided that it was the new dollhouse.
The student was sure he had failed one of his classes. He had gone into the final with a very low D average. He knew he had to ace the final for any hope of passing. The final had been unbelievably difficult and he was sure he failed. He was thrilled to see a C on his report card a week later.
Tom bought himself a new coat. It wasn't that warm but he liked how it looked. He decided to wear it out one winter night. Within minutes he was too cold. Tom only wore it out again on days not so cold.
Rosie was at the grocery store. She was checking out but there was a hold up. A young mom was struggling to pay for all of her food. Rosie felt bad and decided to pay. The girl thanked her dozens of times and then hurried away.
Jackson was on a rafting trip with his dad. He was on the front of the raft. They hit a big wave and Jackson slipped. He fell into the water below. Luckily his family was able to save him.
Oliver wanted to hang out with all of his friends. He wanted to please everyone but it couldn't be done. He called me and asked if we just wanted to hang out this week. Being his best friend, I of course said yes! We hung out all week and even had time for all of his friends!
Chelsey was at her friend's house. Her friend suggested that they go swimming. Chelsey needed to borrow a swimsuit. She tried a few on but none fit. Instead, she ended up borrowing a tee shirt.
I was painting my nails yesterday when I needed remover. I unscrewed the cap and put it on the carpet. Unfortunately the remover spilled everywhere. The room smelled horrible. I had to open the window to get the smell out.
Mary was really busy with school lately. She had finals next week. Mary studied every day at the library. Mary aced all her finals. Her parents were proud to hear that she got straight A's.
George got tickets to Taylor Swift for his birthday. He was excited to go all week. When he finally arrived he was upgraded to front row seats. He was extremely excited. He got to touch her hand when she was on stage.
Jake stayed out late one night. In the morning, he was tired and hungover. He called his work and feigned sick. Luckily, his boss accepted Jake's phony excuse. Jake was able to use his sick day to stay in bed and recover.
The other day I wondered where does honey come from? I never saw a bee flying around with a small bucket. I decided to research the issue. The dictionary said it was regurgitated food. I learned that honey is bee vomit.
Jacque was the captain of a large cruise ship. He wanted to impress his mistress with the hope of later intimacy. Jacque steered his ship too close to the rocks along the coast. The reef tore into it and sunk the boat killing many people. Jacque lived because he was the first one to flee from it.
Kim wanted a new dress. She did not have enough money to buy one. She decided to pick up extra shifts at her job. She finally saved up enough for one. She loved the dress she bought.
Ezra and James wanted pets. They decided they would catch bees and tie a string to it. The string made the bees fly in circles. One bee landed on James and stung him. Ezra and James decided to leave the bees alone.
Martha loved her husband. She wanted to get him something special. One day she was working late at her job. She worked at Starbucks. Martha got her husband a delicious chocolate drink.
Tina loved having snowball fights and couldn't wait to go outside. She would even skip breakfast if her mother allowed it. Once outside, she immediately started building a fort for protection. Her friends were shocked to see it, but threw snowballs anyways. Tomorrow, she would make her snowballs first!
John loves to do magic but his father doesn't approve. His dad tells him he should be a school teacher like him. John doesn't want to disappoint his father but he loves magic so much. John went to school to become a teacher, and do magic on the side. John now teaches first grade math using his skills as a magician.
I was waiting for the bus to the airport. It was the longest wait ever. I looked at my phone. Thirty minutes passed. Finally the bus came an hour later but I was upset.
Jessica wasn't used to wearing lipstick. So when she went on a date, she put too much. It smeared the face of her date. It even went all over her utensils and glass. In the end, she removed it and kissed her date with clean lips.
Madison just started at a new high school this year. She was afraid she wouldn't make any friends. To get involved, she tried out for the school musical. Madison got the lead part! She made a lot of close friends by participating in the musical.
Becky started a lemonade stand. She charged fifty cent for a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade. Calvin came to the stand and bought a glass. He liked the lemonade so much that he bought four glasses! Becky's lemonade stand was a success.
Larry heard the familiar music fast approaching. It was the ice cream man! He ran to his mom and begged her for a few dollars. She reluctantly handed him her change purse. He ran outside and bought the biggest ice cream they had.
Matt was bored. He decided to go explore a new part of town. He rode his bike for half an hour in a random direction. He discovered many new areas and places to go. It was a rewarding experience that he decided he would do again.
Tom wanted to pet a live tiger. Tom visited a tiger zoo. The workers there sedated the tigers. Tom pet the tiger. Tom accomplished his goal.
Cara was a fat little girl. She didn't have any nice clothes because nothing fit her well. She went to the mall and found a nice salesperson. The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara. It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it.
Lilo was always being tagged in awful photos. Her friends didn't seem to care how bad she looked. She knew that everyone who saw them would think less of her. She made it where no one could tag her in photos anymore. Lilo realized quickly that guys seemed to like her more.
Jen wants a new cell phone. She throws a fit when her mom won't buy her one. Her mom is fed up with her daughter's entitlement. Her mom makes her volunteer at a homeless shelter for the weekend. After the experience Jen realizes she has taken her life for granted.
The house was very cold, so I turned on the heater. The smell was acrid as the heat spread through our home. That night, I woke up in a sweat. I ran to turn down the heater. I got back in bed and laid there until I was comfortable enough.
Denise auditioned to join the school cheerleading team. During the auditions, a set of mean girls kept heckling her. Denise did her best to ignore the heckling from the girls. However, despite trying, Denise could not ignore them anymore. Denise walked out of the cheerleading auditions and cried.
Chuck poured a glass of wine and sat down. His wife flopped down next to him. They turned on the TV and snuggled together on the couch. They didn't pay much attention to the show. Soon, they were asleep.
Jordan found out his favorite singer was coming to town. The tickets were more than he could afford. He asked his dad, who liked the singer too, for help. He told him maybe because the tickets were so expensive. His dad surprised him with tickets on the day of the concert!
Candace was trying to put her toddler to bed. He wouldn't sleep without his special blanket. They couldn't find it, despite looking everywhere. Then, the tot had an idea. He looked in the car and found his blanket there.
Steve always wanted a dog growing up. One day he asked his parents if he could get a dog. Steve's parents told him he couldn't. A few weeks later Steve brought a stray dog home. Steve's parents allowed him to keep the dog.
Ronald was driving down the road. He saw a young boy hitching for a ride. Ronald picked up the boy. He urged the boy to call his parents on his cell phone. Ronald waited at a diner with the boy until his parents arrived.
Sam was a very good worker at his Job. He did the little things nobody else would. Sam was called into his boss's office. He was informing Sam he was getting a raise. Same was so grateful for the extra money.
Joan wanted a ten speed bike she saw in a store front window. Joan did not have enough money to buy the bike she wanted. So Joan got a part time job and saved her earnings for an entire month. Joan went to the store with her saving and bought the bike she wanted. Joan now rides her bike everyday.
Tom owed people money. He would be in big trouble if he didn't pay them back. Tom tried to pawn everything he owned. It wasn't enough to pay his debt. He was severely injured because of it.
Gina had applied for a number of part time jobs. She had one interview. She had never heard back from them. Her savings were dwindling quickly. She was beginning to worry.
Ivy's friends dared her to go into the old haunted house in town. Ivy was afraid, but she didn't want to show it. Laughing nervously, she said she would go. They watched as she crept in through the broken window. Ivy felt good that she had proved how valiant she was!
My boyfriend took me to Amsterdam one year. We stayed at a hotel near the coffee shops. I legally smoked marijuana, but my boyfriend opted not to. The clubs and coffee shops were like another world. It was the most peaceful place I've ever visited.
My friend died. I went to his funeral. At the funeral I made a speech. The speech made me break down in tears. It was then that I realized the meaningfulness of our relationship.
Sally was a hard working employee, but she felt unappreciated. She spent a lot of time at work taking on additional responsibilities. Her boss told her team that they had done well, but no direct feedback Sally often did most of the work in team projects. At the next staff meeting, Sally's boss gave her a special award.
Abby had a special hammock. Even though the hammock was torn, and worn out, Abby loved it. Abby got the hammock from her grandmother after she passed away. Abby loved the hammock, because it reminded her of her grandmother. Abby will always cherish the hammock that her grandmother gave her.
Luigi was starving. He found a hot dog in his fridge. He didn't know how old it was, but he didn't care. He ate it and then started to worry. He hoped he wouldn't get sick.
Sarah had a new computer. She bought a better keyboard for it. She liked to type on it very loudly. The keyboard worked great for a week. Then it stopped working!
Susie was bad at baking. But she wanted to get better. So she decided she was going to learn. She went to a class. But she messed up all the recipes.
Sal and his friend were goofing around one day. Suddenly Sal saw that his phone had fallen onto the ground. He bent to pick it up. He was horrified at what he saw. The whole screen was cracked badly!
Callie had a flat tire on the way to work. She called roadside assistance, but they were delayed two hours. Callie was in a hurry, so she called her husband. Her husband arrived in fifteen minutes and changed the tire. Callie cancelled her roadside assistance subscription.
Nora had not been feeling well all weekend. On Monday morning her stomach was still hurting. She needed the money but did not want to get anyone else sick. So she decided to stay home that day and do some mturk HITS instead. Nora called her manager to say she would not be in that day.
Nikki wanted candy. Nikki's mom told her that she couldn't have candy until after dinner. Nikki got mad and threw a tantrum. Nikki's mother flushed all of Nikki's candy in the toilet. Nikki was very mad at her mother.
Jimmy was in the market for a new cellphone. He researched various websites to read reviews. He decided he wanted to get the Nexus 6. He ordered the phone from Amazon. The phone arrived the very next day.
Howard liked spicy pickles with his burger. So he piled them up on his plate when dinner time came. He bit into them like he was starving. He soon realized these pickles were different then before. He burned his mouth because they were his dad's special hot pickles.
Dina had suffered a lot of abuse when she was a child. As a result, she had very low self esteem in adulthood. Dina went to a psychiatrist for help. She learned about why she felt the way she did. After a lot of therapy, Dina is in recovery from the abuse.
I worked in a KFC for my first job. One day I prepared a guests food without gloves on. Looking for a discount, she yelled at me. Being a child, I took it personally. My boss took care of me, and I knew to do it right after that.
The Twine twins did not stay in contact after graduation. Twyla married a man she met the next year, and they started a family. Tula became a drug queenpin, and had a price put on her head. One day Twyla vanished, never to be heard from again. Her family didn't notice, though, because Tula fit right in.
Gary bought a new camera at the local Wal-Mart. He used it once but really didn't like it. When he tried to return it he found he couldn't get his money back. He decided that store credit was good enough. He bought another camera that he was much happier with.
Molly was visiting her old town. She wanted to see her best friend. She was trying to call her and see if she was available. Time was running out and her friend wasn't answering. Finally, her friend answered and they were able to meet up.
I went to a video rental store after work. I browsed the racks to find the best movie. I could tell that the clerk was watching me the entire time. His gaze made me feel uneasy the entire time. As a result I just left the store without renting anything.
Tim was at an ice cream shop. They had several flavors to choose from. The customer in front kept taste testing different ones. Tim got frustrated after a while. The other customer noticed, apologized and finished buyin.
To become a better painter Alex decided to buy new brushes. But they were too expensive for her. So she went to a local artist to try and get help. They taught her about brushes and how she didn't really need one. So that night she made her best painting, a finger painting.
Jay finally got to visit Rome for the first time. He had been learning about the city for years and years. He started by visiting all the ancient Roman buildings still standing. He also made sure to take in as much local cuisine as he could! He came home with lots of pictures and stories to tell.
Ivan wanted to buy a new computer. But he wasn't sure if he should upgrade his existing one instead. Ivan looked online for answers. But both of his options seemed equally good. He spent so long deciding that he decided to decide tomorrow.
One warm Summer night, Sue and Renee went for a kayak ride on the lake To the West, the sun was setting with vibrant colors of pink and gold. To the East, they could see the moon rising. They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water. It was a beautiful way to spend the evening.
Tim was waiting for benefits. When he never got them he called to inquire. After several conversations they uncovered a filing mistake. They were able to fix it for Tim. Tim got his benefits eventually.
It's getting cold outside today. I want some snow to go out and play in. The first flake fell as I watched the sky. I was so excited I almost cried. I put on my jacket and went outside to enjoy the winter wonderland.
The house was empty when Jim woke up. Jim tried calling his sister but no response. He went to work as usual anyways. When he came home he was met by a surprise. His whole family was there with cake!
I used to deliver fliers everyday in the hot sun. My water bottle always ended up really hot. When I put ice in it, the ice melted. I decided to buy a special thermos that kept the cold in. Now I always had cold water when I was in the hot sun.
Leslie broke her watch. She went to a watchmaker to fix it. She stood in awe at all the ticking watches. Leslie asked for a job to be a watchmaker. The man accepted her offer, and they built watches together.
Tom had a girlfriend. He was trying to get her attention at night. Tom decided to throw pebbles at her window. One rock was too hard and he threw it too fast. It wound up shattering the window.
John was at the mall. But he couldn't decide what to eat. He walked around the food court. But there were too many choices. Half an hour later, he decided to eat nothing.
Jane had a sick tree she wanted cut down. She found a service online to cut the tree down for $400. The man cut down the tree and handed her a bill for $300. The man informed her it was less work than quoted. Jane was pleased the tree was gone, and she saved money.
Sally grabbed her frisbee and headed to the park. She met Kelly there and they were going to play disc golf. Sally led the game for the first nine pins. But on the back half Kelly became determined and caught up. They ended up tied and both had a really good time.
The kids were helping pack their lunches. They each threw in some fruit snacks. It was their favorite treat at lunch time. They ate their sandwiches first, then their fruit. They saved the fruit snacks for last!
Patricia tried not to show it but she resented her older sister Ellen. Patricia fumed because it seemed like things always went Ellen's way. She secretly hoped Ellen would experience some bad luck for a change. When Ellen had a minor car accident, Patricia was mortified. She realized her love for her sister outweighed her petty jealousies.
I remember when my tooth is aching and it's really painful. When it's aching i want to go to the dentist quickly. But when the pain is gone, i don't want to go to dentist anymore. It's not painful anymore so there's no reason to go to there. But when it's aching again i'm crying to go to the dentist again.
Jenna had a stalker. He popped up in bushes and around corners. Jenna started to get scared. So she called the police. She put out a restraining order on him.
Mark was terrible at baseball even though he loved playing it. He had only ever struck out when he was up to bat. He hired a professional coach to prepare him for next season. After working so he felt he was finally ready to be great. His first up at bat he still struck out just like always.
I went to my friend's house for piano lessons. I had a few pieces I was working on. I got feedback early on. I was never good enough to sight read hymns. But I knew I could learn any piece.
Garfield was great at telling jokes. He told jokes about everything that happened to him. One day, he told joke that hurt his friend's feelings. Garfield was upset at himself and he apologized. He learned that not all jokes are funny.
Eric planned to have a hot dog for lunch. But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated. So Eric ate watermelon instead. He love its juicy, sweet taste. And he was glad that it was healthier than a hot dog too.
Nemo is 8 months old. He likes to watch other babies crawl around. One day, Nemo tried to get on his hands and knees. He rocked back and forth. Suddenly, Nemo was crawling too.
I work as a florist. Today there is going to be a huge rush. It's prom season and corsages will be in high demand. I instruct my employees to make a large stock of corsage arrangements. The sales are lower than expected so far and I think we overstocked.
I have a younger sister. My sister follows me everywhere. My sister repeats everything I say. My sister does annoying items that drives me crazy. However, I have to tolerate her because she is my sister.
Talia loved to play outside of her house. Her house had blue aluminum siding. Talia used to throw her tennis ball against the side of the house. Her dad came outside and yelled at her one day for putting dents in it. Talia felt embarrassed and started to cry.
Tom had an upcoming test. He studied very hard for the test. The night before the test, he forgot to set his alarm clock. By the time he woke up, the test was already over. Tom failed the test.
She was on the way to the beach with her son. Kelly realized that she forgot the sunscreen. She was to far away from her home to turn back. So she stopped to store to see if they had sunscreen. They did so Kelly bought sunscreen.
The man ran along the beach every morning. One day, he found forty dollars on the sand. He looked around for the owner. No one was around. The man put the money in his wallet.
Jerry ate Chinese take-out last night. Today he woke up with a stomach ache. Jerry isn't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down. Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend. Jerry is hopeful that he will feel better by then.
Tommy went to the baseball game Tuesday. He was excited when his favorite batter was up to hit. The batter hit the ball out of the park and right into Tommy's hands! Tommy was ecstatic. Tommy treasured the baseball for years to come.
James had two best friends who hated each other. He could never see them together but always apart. For his birthday, he made an exemption and invited them both. It was a gamble, but it worked. The two friends went over their disagreement for the sake of James.
Randy liked to use his Hula Hoop. He was surprised when he learned there were Hula Hoop contests. He researched on the internet, looking for a contest. He found out there was a contest in a neighboring city. Randy went to the contest and had a blast, making lots of new friends.
Bruce told Amanda to stop writing about him on Facebook. Amanda wrote even more furiously. Bruce blocked Amanda, who then wrote even more furiously. Now Bruce could not see what Amanda was writing. Bruce always believed ignorance is bliss.
Czar was a small sized pit bull. Walking through the house was uncomfortable. He acted like a bull in a China shop. Everything he bumped crashed to the floor. Even his cuddles were too rough.
The man passed the basketball. His friend caught it. His friend shot a basket. He missed the shot. The next play the man did not pass the basketball.
Alex was walking home from school. Suddenly, he noticed something wet on his back. He looked in his backpack and saw that his soda has spilled. The sticky liquid had gotten everywhere. Alex had to empty out his whole bag and wash it.
Sid never gets invited to the cool parties. Sid never gets invited anywhere. One day as a prank he gets invited by the cool kids. At the party Sid surprises everyone. He becomes the life of the party and makes a bunch of new friends.
Jane felt like learning something new. She browsed the internet searching for nearby classes. She found a cooking class that she though she may enjoy. She completed the signup form. Next week she attended to her first class.
Sally had a birthday coming up. She was excited about her party and gifts. When she got to her party there was a table full of gifts. She could not wait to open the biggest one. It in was the most perfect purse and she was so happy.
My friend threatened my friends and I to stay still. He didn't take him seriously until he pulled a bomb out. To avoid trouble, we stood still in one line. A group of security guards broke into the house. They took away the bomb and arrested my friend.
A friend of mine almost overdosed on drugs. I found him passed out in a kitchen. I wanted my friend to live so I called 911. The ambulance rushed my friend to hospital. The hospital doctors saved my friend.
Bill watched a new TV show on his favorite channel. Though he liked adventure cartoons, this was a romance story. He thought the story was disgusting. He said he was never going to fall in love. His mother laughed at him and told him to be open-minded.
Kate bought an old house to fix up. But thieves had stolen the copper pipes. She had new pipes installed. She was happy to have the pipes. But she still had an inspection to have the water turned on.
He considered the best way to resume the excavation. Removing the hillside would require serious help. An idea struck him and he smiled. He knew what he needed. A bulldozer would be perfect for the job!
Alison left Hawaii when she was 18 to live on the Mainland. When she was 25, she went back home for a visit. She rented a car, and the cashier thought she was a tourist. All of her favorite local haunts were gone. Alison ended her trip feeling more like a stranger than a native.
The man started the chainsaw. It was very loud. He turned it off. He oiled it. The chainsaw was quieter after that.
Jake's new neighbor brought with him three large dogs. As he stepped to their front door to meet them, the dogs barked. His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs. Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem. Jake spent next few weeks trying to get to know the dogs.
My friend used to own an old Range Rover. We don't know how he bought it, since he's always broke. But it was a real beater. One time, he had to take it to the shop. It was so beat up, he was advised to just buy a new car.
Zoey likes to play catch. She practices everyday with her dad for her upcoming game. On the day of the game she is very nervous. When the game starts starts, she catches the ball every time. Her team wins the game!
The boat was filled with passengers as it crossed the Atlantic. The captain had heard reports of German submarines in the area. He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo. Everybody clambered onto lifeboats. Because of quick action, everyone survived.
Gina's phone was lost. She took a nap on the couch, so she looked there. She took all the cushions off the couch and found nothing. She pushed her hand deep into the crevices of the couch. After searching, she still had no phone.
Frank fell while running. He put a bandage on his leg. But it bled through almost at once! His mom took him to the hospital. Frank ended up needing twenty-one stitches!
Jane had a very sick dog. Her dog was old and couldn't run anymore. So that he still felt young, Jane used to walk her dog in a pram. This would look strange to the public. Jane didn't care as she knew she was making him feel better.
I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978. After I made it to the other side of the country, I went to the beach. I sat on the shore and drank what was left of my flask. Every year on his birthday, I return to that beach and get drunk. Through tears I tell the ocean that someday I would come home.
One day, a teacher disappeared from a toddler classroom. Everyone searched, but until the found her they had a substitute. The substitute then went missing too. They realized that the children had learned magic! They promptly sent their children to Hogwarts and continued searching.
Beau started kindergarten a few months ago. His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast. One night at bedtime, he announced he was going to read to her. He took a little book out of his backpack. And read it to him mom.
Tim was with his girlfriend at the bar. He drank too much. He kept trying to pick fights with other guys. He almost got jumped. Eventually he was kicked out and his girlfriend took him home.
Kara needed extra money. She liked to write so she tried freelancing online. At first she was getting a lot of jobs. However, more people started doing it. This caused the jobs for Kara to decrease.
There was a big fire. The fireman came by to stop it. There were still 2 kids in there. The fireman went in to save them. He saved them and put out the fire.
Sandy loved cooking breakfast. She made a bunch of pancakes for her friends. They gobbled them all up in a few minutes. Sandy planned what kind she would make the next week. She wanted to impress them even more!
A hockey player was skating towards the opponent's goal. There was only a few seconds left and he was losing. The player gave a mighty slap shot. The puck flew at the goal and went in. The goal was good and the game went to overtime.
Richard really enjoyed traveling. His friends decided it would be a good time to take a trip. They make their way to Ocean Shores. They had heard so many good things about the beach. As it turns out, it's just as beautiful as they picture it.
The man took off in his airplane. He noticed that his tank was not full. He returned to the airport. He filled up the tank with gas. He took off in his airplane again.
Alex's mom was out of town. Dad said they were going to Chuck E Cheese for dinner. Alex couldn't believe they were going on a school night. They got home late afterwards. Alex had a hard time waking up the next morning.
Jim was known as a boxer. Only he never worked on his skills to win. Jim played around and wasted time. One day Jim was beaten very badly in match. Jim was never able to fight again.
Tara was walking her dog outside. Her dog saw a rabbit running across the field. Her dog got loose from his leash and ran away. Tara's dog chased the rabbit all over. Eventually Tara's dog got tired and came back to her.
Delia brushed her teeth once a day and never flossed. Delia's dental hygienist asked her whether she flossed. Delia lied for the first time and said that she did. When the hygienist flossed for her, Delia's gums bled a lot. Delia was so ashamed that she started flossing daily.
My father in law never discipline or guided his two oldest kids. They're both in their thirties now. Neither of them have jobs. Neither of them even have a license to drive. They're spoiled rotten adult babies because their dad never said no.
Tom was running late to hang out with friends. He got to the bar an hour before they closed. Everyone wanted Tom to catch up on drinking. Tom tried to chug as many beers as he could. He was pretty drunk by the time they closed.
Sam took his lunch break by the pond outside his office building. He had too much food, so he decided to share. He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese. One goose jumped out of the water to chase him! He dropped the scraps as he ran from the goose.
Today was the day that I confess to her. During lunch at school, I met up with Glady. I took her to the back of portable #5. I said that I loved her and wanted to go on a date. Unfortunately, she told me that she's homosexual.
Olaf hated cats and always had - until a stray changed his mind. He noticed the stray hanging around his apartment building. Feeling bad, Olaf started to feed it and eventually pet it. Soon he was enamored of the cuddly cat! Within a month, it was living in Olaf's apartment!
Jim wanted a new kitchen sink. He went shopping for one. He found a great one at a great price! He had it delivered and installed. Then he took some time to admire his new sink!
McKenna liked to be healthy. She decided to start working out every day. Soon, she was in great shape. McKenna felt full of energy. She decided she would stick with her workout plan.
Bonnie got a pair of pretty four inch heels to match her prom dress. They were a lovely shade of blue, perfectly complimenting her dress. When her date arrived she realized the shoes made her too tall. She was towering over her date. With a sigh she went back upstairs to put on different shoes.
It was moving day and the family was all packed. We were all exhausted from packing and living in the midst of boxes. The moving truck was in the drive and we filled it to the brim. Unloading the truck seemed like much lighter work than loading it. We chatted happily over pizza and soda when the truck was empty.
Kelly really wanted a new toy. She begged her parents for one. They refused her. Finally they ended up giving in. Kelly was relieved.
Jim told lots of stories. Jim told a new story nearly every day. After a while Jim ran out of stories. So he started to make up new ones. They didn't make as much sense as his first stories.
Susie wanted to see a new movie. So she decided to go to the theater. But when she got there it was sold out. Susie was upset. She had too to another theatre.
Billy did not like the basement. It was dark and cold. His ball had fallen down the stairs. He did not go down in the basement. He made his dad get the ball.
I was a boxer. I wanted to become like Muhammad Ali. I trained hard. But, I lost all my fights. I realized that work ethics doesn't make up for talent.
Tom lived in a valley. It had been raining more than expected. The entire area started to flood. Tom decided to stay and try to fight it off. Luckily the rain stopped shortly after.
Miller was married for a long time. His wife was not nice. He wanted a life free of her. He decided to ask for a divorce. He was so much happier without her.
Quentin rode on his Hyundai motorcycle to the motocross show. Everyone mocked his model of motorcycle. Quentin revved the motor, and it was loud and powerful. Quentin showed off the modifications he had made to it. Then he rode off, knowing he was the envy of everyone there.
One day my sister and I were returning home from school. We got off the bus and walked up the driveway. When we got near the porch we saw a huge black snake on the ground! In fear, we walked slowly past it and into the house. My mom then decided to put snake poison around the house.
Donna yelled out to her brother that it was ballet day. He shrugged, not wanting to hear her yell anymore. She yelled it out again to make sure he heard her. This time, he rolled his eyes, smiled and shook his head. Donna waited patiently at the door for Mama to come home.
Josh was really hungry one afternoon. There was nothing to eat at the house. He had almost no money. Josh started looking for change between couch cushions. He was able to get enough change for the dollar menu.
Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent. She kept herself from eating for a week. The next week, she started having huge cravings. She caved and bought three bags of chocolate to take home. Amy felt regret as she was eating the chocolate.
Jack wanted a dog. He begged his mom and dad, but they said he was too young. Then Jack's grandma bought herself a puppy! Jack still got to see the dog a lot, but didn't have to care for it. Everyone was happy with the way things worked out!
A man went to a katare school to take lessons. The sensei asked him what sort of belt he was. The man did not understand and told him he was a leather belt. The man took off his belt and tried to use it to attack the sensei. The sensei blocked the attack and punched the foolish man.
I couldn't sleep last night. I was so tired from working, but sleep wouldn't come. I tossed and turned for hours. Finally I took some melatonin. It eventually started to work and I fell asleep.
Bob wanted a steak for dinner. He pulled a steak out of the freezer and put it in the fridge. That night he went to get his steak and get it ready. He was surprised to find his steak still frozen. Bob decided to order a pizza for dinner instead.
My son came to me complaining of arm pain. I looked at his elbow, and there was a bright red rash. I tried putting creams on it, to no avail. We tried washing it with alcohol, and it got redder. We finally gave up and called to make a doctor appointment.
I took Mike to the grocery store to buy food. We were looking at snacks and he had never seen a tasty cake. I bought a few tasty cakes for Mike so he could try them. When we got home he ate all the tasty cakes. He just left to go get more.
On the way home with my son, we saw a car that looked like Jack's. When we pulled up, my son said daddy was being kidnapped. I looked over and there was Jack in the passenger seat. A woman with blonde hair was driving his car. Turns out it was his new girlfriend.
The ball shot out of the pipe quickly. There was some a chemical reaction. My teacher aimed the pipe at the wall. My teacher put a drop of liquid in the pipe. It was the first day of chemistry class.
Today I played several games of speed chess online. I beat my opponent in all of our games. He had a lower rating and lost most of his games on time. Afterward he called me a cheater and said I was manipulating time. I told him the computer measures the time.
I went to a very important baseball game the other day. The home team was fighting for a playoff spot. The game was close up until the end. At the end of the game the home team pulled away and won. What an exciting game, I'm glad I went.
A thunderstorm occurred during the night time. It didn't concern me until I saw a huge lightning bolt. My power went off for a half an hour. In the meantime, I tried to catch some sleep. When the power came on, I walked into the living room.
Roger bought his first new car a week ago. Ever since he bought it he's been taking the long drive to work. He was so happy that even morning rush hour didn't bother him. He thought his happiness could never end. His car was stolen the next day.
John wanted to become a pro baseball player. He practiced every day until he was sure he was the best. One day, he had to try out for the NBA. It didn't quite work out. He ended up going to work for mcdonald's.
Tina wanted to take the ferry back to the island. She was really looking forward to it. However when she got there they told her it was filled to capacity. She had to get on the next one. It was disappointing because she was going to be late.
I was flying stand-by home and I didn't get on my flight! After I was told  I wasn't getting on I called my mom and told her. I had to wait a full day so I got a hotel room. On my way to the airport the next day I told my mom what I was doing. She wished me good luck and I got on my flight!
The artist released new work. It was a comic strip about having a family. A lot of people said it was very funny and realistic. The teenagers that bought comics didn't like it, though. The artist decided to make some adjustments.
It was a nice day, so Paul decided to take a hike in a nearby canyon. Halfway there, he realized he had forgotten his cell phone. He decided not to go back for it, figuring nothing bad would happen. While hiking, he twisted his ankle and regretted not having his phone. Another hiker helped him and Paul vowed not to forget his phone again.
Ed was playing baseball. He was the pitcher. He began to throw badly, so his coach moved him. At first Ed was afraid he was being cut from the team. Then he discovered he was being made a catcher!
One morning we woke up and was hungry for waffles. We decided to get in the car to go to our favorite breakfast place. We had to drive over 80 miles to get there. It was worth the drive. I would happily make the drive for waffles every weekend.
At the coffee shop, one customer was very rude. He would come in every day and yell at the baristas. They couldn't stand making his complicated drink. One day after work, Lisa noticed a policeman writing him a ticket. She smiled, because karma finally caught up to him.
Josh worked for months to put together an auto shop. He had realized his dream of owning his own business. He soon began attracting lots of clients. He worked hard to fix all their problems. He had a thriving business in no time!
Tim had a problem with alcohol. His family wanted him to do something about it. They sat hi down and talked about it. Tim agreed with their assessment. He decided to cut down on drinking.
Tom has plans to have lunch with his old high school friends. He hasn't seen some of them in Years. He goes to the restaurant and doesn't see anyone he knows. He calls his buddy to find out what's going on. It turns out Tom went to the wrong restaurant.
Christopher really wanted to go to college in Chicago. He had visited schools there last summer and loved it. But then his mother suggested that he go to visit again in the winter. Christopher did so and realized how blisteringly cold Chicago can be. Christopher is now having second thoughts about going to school there.
John had a big final coming up. He had been studying for weeks. The test was very important to his grade. He was very committed to doing well. He made sure to put the extra effort in.
Kim opened a bottle of wine one night. She did not drink the whole thing. She could not find the bottle's cork. She used plastic wrap to cover the bottle. Kim tilted it to test and it worked well.
Amy wanted to become a vegetarian. She didn't really eat much meat anyway. But she loved certain meat, and didn't want to give it up. That night her mother made lobster tails. Amy decided to postpone her vegetarian dreams until after the lobster.
Marcus needed to go to the store, but did not have a car. He thought about taking the bus or walking. Because he decided to play basketball later, he decided to walk. During the walk, he got to enjoy the beauty of nature. He decided to take walks every morning because of his experience.
Harvey was very excited to go to the zoo to see the monkeys. Harvey searched the monkey house. The monkey house was being cleaned by a man with a hose. The monkeys were all outside playing. Harvey went outside and saw the monkeys playing in their exhibit.
Shannon saw a bird in the tree in her backyard. It was making a nest! It took the bird hours. Finally, she was done. She sat down in the nest to rest.
Barry was a huge basketball fan. He thought he was one of the best in his area. He tried out for the local team. He did everything he could, and tried so hard. He did not make the team, and knew he had more work to do.
I bought some dolls on eBay for my wife. The dolls were in great condition. I noticed the seller shipped the goods via media mail. I told the shipper he was cheating the post office. The shipper did not reply.
My friend invited me to her band practice last Friday. The name of her band is Untamed Creatures. While I was at the practice session I got to meet the lead singer. I listened to them perform and really enjoyed their sound. I plan on going back and seeing them practice again.
Danny strapped on his skates. The neighbor told him not to skate near his car. Danny ignored the man. Danny skated right into the man's car. Danny bounced off the car.
May's was grounded for burning her leg with a curling iron. May had tried to hid the band-aid, but her shorts weren't long enough. She sat in her room crying when her sister entered. Her sister asked why didn't May change into pants. May had never even considered it.
A hunter was in his hunter's stand in the woods. A bear had approached his stand slowly, with curiosity. The hunter was extremely nervous and lifted his gun. To his horror, the bear climbed the tree and sniffed around the hunter The hunter decided to stay still until the bear left.
Darryl got a new phone so he could change his number. He wanted to avoid some old people in his life. He only sent his number to people he wanted to talk to. One day Darryl received a text from his ex girlfriend. His friend had given his number to her.
Hope watched a special on television about how to make a puppet. She went to the store and bought her supplies. She came home and built her first puppet. She wrote a story for her puppet, and prepared for her performance. She performed her puppet show in front of her family and friends.
I have wanted a puppy for a few years now. So today I went to the pound to look for my new companion. The pound had so many puppies to choose from. Then I saw a great one, she was a beautiful lab and I had to have her. I took her home, and now we are both happy
Lilly and Molly are sisters. One day, they got in a fight. Molly threw a toy. It hit the television. Now the television is broken.
As Valentine's day approaches, Blake is worried he won't have a date. All of his friends have girlfriends, but Blake is single. Finally he meets a nice girl and asks her out for Valentine's day. They have a romantic night together drinking wine. Blake is happy that he had a date for Valentine's day.
Seth was in his house about to watch a movie. He plopped down roughly on his couch making it rock. Suddenly he heard a loud boom and a crunch. He had hit the sofa too hard and pushed it through the wall. Luckily the hole in the wall was easily repaired.
Shay was having an Easter egg hunt. She invited her grandchildren to search for eggs. Each grandchild found over a dozen eggs. They they clamored to see who would get a prize. To their surprise, Shay gave prizes to them all!
In 2008, I went to the BLS versus English High football game. I went with a high school friend I had not seen since 1971. The game was played at Harvard Stadium. We caught up with each other as BLS was winning the game. BLS won, 36 to nothing.
The kids put on costumes. They had a party. Some of the kids had masks on. It got very hot that night. The kids with masks took them off.
Molly was taking a vacation. Her family was planning a vacation at the same time. Molly and her family decided to plan their vacation together. They rented a big house on the beach. It was cheaper than taking separate vacations.
Tom wanted to make some kool aid. He tried to mix in the sugar. Unfortunately he mixed it with flower. Tom tried to dissolve it and taste it. He realized his mistake on his first gulp.
Nina was drunk one night, and she was with one friend, who was sober. He only had a learner's permit, but Nina knew she had to get home. She also was unwilling to risk drinking and driving! She let her inexperienced friend drive, but a cop stopped them. When he learned the details, though, he commended Nina for her choice!
Alicia got a new sweater for christmas. She did not like it that much. But she did not want to tell her parents that. So she decided to simply not wear it. But when her mother asked about it she gave in and wore it.
Bob was using his phone in the bathroom. All of a sudden, he dropped his phone into the toilet. His phone immediately turned off. Bob dried his phone with a hair dryer. His phone started working again 48 hours later.
Samantha didn't know anyone at her new school. She was very nervous about the first day of school. When Samantha sat at her desk, a boy said hello. She started to talk to the boy. By the first recess break, they were friends.
It was a particularly cold winter this year. There was a storm that knocked out power for blocks. Luckily the Waltons prepared. They had plenty of food and heaters. They weathered the storm well.
Milo liked to go to the park to feed the ducks. He took a few slices of bread with him one day and stopped by. Milo was feeding the ducks for a while enjoying himself. Suddenly, he heard a loud honking sound. One of the ducks attacked Milo.
Henry bent down to pick up a piece of paper on the floor. Hannah quietly approach Henry. She managed to kick him on his but. He ended up tumbling on the ground. Hannah aggressively laughed.
Jon loved to ride his bike. One day as he was out on trail, he came across a snake. He pedaled as fast as he could. The snake tried to run with him. Jon had never been so nervous in his life.
Sammy was very jealous that Mark was the best hitter in the game. Sammy decided he would cheat so he could finally beat Mark. Sammy took steroids and became a great hitter. Finally, Sammy got the chance to play against Mark. The steroids didn't help Sammy enough, as Mark won the game.
Alexia took a trip to the bowling alley with her friends. They all had a ton of fun together throwing the balls in the lanes. On one attempt, Alexia dropped the ball on her toe by accident. She screamed in pain. However luckily she did not have to go to the ER.
Tom was having a difficult time poaching elephants. He found himself dodging the park rangers almost daily. Tom finally joined a group of poachers out of Nigeria. Together, they were able to evade the rangers more effectively. Tom has seen his profit from ivory sales nearly double because of it.
Dan broke up with his girlfriend and became depressed. He sat in the living room, staring at the wall. Dan's friends began doing phone and text checks on him. Eventually, he decided to move back home to his family. His brother came and packed his apartment for him.
Jana was about to take a bath. She was running the water in the tub. Jana got a telephone call. She rushed to get the phone. The water overflowed the tub because Jana forgot about it.
Lacy works at a very hard job. She thinks that her boss doesn't pay her enough. Lacy went in one day and asked for a raise. She was nice and assertive. Her boss gave her a raise.
Candice was studying for her biology test She decided that studying was too hard and cheating was easier. She put her smartphone in between her legs to use google. She was sure she got an A since she cheated. Candice was later dropped for cheating on the test.
John and Kay like to travel. They both wanted to go to New Orleans. John planned a trip there for the two of them for Kay's birthday. They spent a long weekend exploring the city. Kay told John it was the best birthday she ever had.
Rick hadn't left his home for a couple days. He decided that he needed to go out one morning. When he opened the door, he was quite surprised. The leaves of the trees had changed colors. He wondered how a season could have passed so quickly.
Craig had applied for a promotion at work. He had worked there for twenty years. He felt he deserved the promotion and raise. Instead of getting the promotion he took a job with a new company. It paid more money and had better benefits.
Joey always loved jokes. He made up really corny, terrible jokes and tortured his friends. One day his mom suggested he collect them into a book. Joey began doing that and kept it up for years. Now Joey has published his own joke book!
Dan and his wife went to an office party. At the party, Dan noticed someone waving at him from across the room. Dan waved back, but noticed the person kept waving. Dan called out to the person, saying hello. To Dan's horror, he realized they were waving at someone behind him.
I woke up to the start of the new year. I cleaned myself up and walked into the car. After driving for a few minutes, my car shut down. I got out and called a towing service. Another driver wasn't looking in front and ran into my car.
Tom lived near a river. One day a dam broke down. It flooded the area by the river. Tom wasn't prepared for it. He and his house didn't make it.
Kurt called, saying he was going to a meeting. I told him I'd talk to him after it was over. He said he loved me in a friendly way, then hung up. Later that evening, I didn't hear from him. I was devastated when I got a text from his sister saying he was dead.
Tom was out with friends. He ran into someone he knew. Tom tried to message them on facebook after the meeting. After he sent it he realized they weren't friends on there. Tom's acquaintance had deleted him from his friend's list.
Ally's favorite candy was M&Ms. For her birthday, her mom ordered her special M&Ms. They were pink with a sketch of her face on them. All her friends were amazed by the special candy. She planned to save some as a keepsake but they were too delicious.
Casey was dying her hair. She followed all of the steps very carefully. Finally, it was time to wash out the dye and see her new color. She looked in the mirror when she was ready. Somehow she had messed up and her hair came out completely red.
My son Josh wanted to go the skate park all the time. He love to skate so he decided to make something. He wanted to make a skateboard ramp at home. He got all the wood and tools he would need. He worked very hard and made his ramp all by himself.
We had to watch my sister-in-law's apartment today. She had an inspection but had to work. She left the ac on when she went to work at 5:30. When we arrived at 8:45 the place was freezing. We turned the ac off and turned it back on when we left.
Today Logan is having a new food. He is having chicken, potatoes and broccoli. He isn't sure if he likes broccoli. His mom says to try it, he may like it. Logan DOES like broccoli.
Greg needed to study for a test he had been procrastinating it He studied all night. The day comes and he was very anxious he ended up passing
Joe practiced basketball every day after school. He gradually built up his speed and shooting skills. Finally the day came for the high school team tryouts. Joe scored more three pointers than any other person who tried out. He not only made the team but became their starting point guard!
Erna loved to garden. She would spend many hours on her hands and knees in the dirt. One day a bad storm had hit her neighborhood. Many of Erna's flowers were destroyed. Erna sighed and decided she just had to start over.
One day Adam was working on his computer. It started acting weird. The screen was blinking fast. Adam knew something was wrong with his computer. He ran a virus scanner and discovered the computer had a virus.
Brad build a bomb shelter when the war broke out. The war was never serious and eventually the tension ceased. Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter. The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth. Brad felt like luck was on his side.
Betsy was really good with money. She went to college and wanted to do something in math. She decided on accounting. When she graduated she got a great job. She loves her accounting job.
Matt grew up always wanting to be a ski instructor. Once he graduated college he knew what he wanted to do. He moved to Colorado and got an apartment. He became a ski instructor. He did very well and made decent money.
Jim loved the water. He spent time on the lake whenever he could. One day, he took his boat out. He paddled it for hours. Jim was so at peace when he was boating.
Tim and Jessica went outside to play a game of hide and seek. Jessica found a great place to hide in a cave by a tree. After ten minutes, she heard leaves moving and knew Tim was near. She didn't move an inch, and all of a sudden, Tim found the cave! Then Tim went to hide and Jessica went to seek.
Jane loved watching reality tv. She was embarrassed by it. At work she pretended not to like it. Then she overheard other co workers talking about it. Jane was more open about it from there on out.
I had to call into work this morning because of the flu. I woke up feeling groggy, and realized I felt extremely hot and weak. My boss didn't take it too lightly, and was a little upset. But it's better than forcing myself into a situation I couldn't do. I think I'll go to sleep now, I'm losing my strength typing this.
Norm riding his bicycle. The chain came off the track. His sister came over to help him. They quickly put the chain on the track. Norm was able to ride is bicycle again.
Terry was upset to see so many ant piles in his yard. He spent all day destroying them. He dug, he sprayed with water and he burned with fire. Then he saw the ants had all relocated to a big mound near his door. Terry called an exterminator.
Christie was a university student. She was very careful regarding her appearance. She desired to change her hair style. She visited a hair stylist. She dyed her hair red and Christie loved it.
I found a pay phone, and started calling people. Everyone else was trapped as well. My boyfriend's parents drove past while I waited. They knew I was there, but refused to stop and pick me up. I was devastated and angry.
Bill wanted to get in shape. He decided to take up running. He put on his new running shoes. He only got about 5 minutes in before his leg cramped. Now he's home with a bad leg ache.
Molly was washing the dishes. She had loaded up the washer and was ready to add soap. Not sure how it worked, she put in regular dish soap. Within minutes her dishwasher was pushing out tons of bubbles. She panicked and turned it off, quickly learning her lesson.
William was out one day at dinner. He was with a bunch of friends. They were eating at Pizza Hut. When it was time to leave William couldn't find his phone. William was so sad he lost his phone.
Jimmy was putting on his shoes. He felt something moving. He took his foot out straight away. A frog jumped out! Fortunately, the frog was alive and well.
I make bracelets from little beads. I've started selling the bracelets online. The business is very slow. Some months I sell just six bracelets. Still I find it better than no revenue whatsoever.
Two days ago, Frank promised me five gallon of gasoline for my truck. For two days I've been wondering when he would deliver on his promise. Not twenty minutes ago he came over and knocked on my door. I answered the door and he told me he was going to get the gas. Frank just got back and my truck has a full gas tank.
Mary really loved rock music. She finally went to see her favorite band. Mary joined the mosh pit. A guy ran into Mary and broke her rib. Mary no longer goes to concerts.
John heard a thud in the middle of the night. John got the baseball bat from the closet. John crept down the stairs, leaving the lights off. Just as John reached the last stair, he saw what made the thud. The cat had knocked over a vase.
Jeff was never popular. So he decided to learn how to play guitar. He practiced all day and night. And a year later, he played his guitar in public every week. He was glad that he made lots of friends and extra money.
We decided we wanted to go fishing last weekend. After thinking about it, we decided on a river close to our home. Once we arrived at the river we got all of our gear together. After throwing the first line we got a nibble. We ended up catching a bunch of fish that day!
Kayla wanted to buy her baby new shoes. She wasn't sure what size to get. She ended up buying two pairs. When she got home, she was able to try them on him. She was glad he finally had new shoes.
Tim was eating out at a restaurant. When their food came out something was wrong. Tim hadn't ordered what was put in front of him. Tim pointed it out to the waiter. The waiter apologized and corrected his mistake.
Sam cut class one afternoon. But later that day, the teacher saw her in the hallways! He sent her to the office with an explanatory note. When the principal saw Sam had cut class, he punished her. He gave Sam two hours of after-school detention.
John started a band with his friends from work. They practiced everyday and write a few songs together. They went out and promoted themselves around town. They booked a show at a local venue. John was excited to get paid doing something he loved with his friends.
In his senior year of high school, Jared was excited to go to prom. He and his girlfriend had been dating for years. Jared asked her to the prom and she said yes. Jared bought the tickets and rented a tux just for the occasion. They rented a limo and had the best night of their lives.
Miranda was heavily pregnant. Everyone was on edge wondering when the baby would come. One night she felt a pain in her stomach. She rushed to the hospital thinking that she was in labor. It turned out that it was just gas.
I sold girl scout cookies for my daughter in 1997. A lot of people in the office bought them. One day our manager (who bought cookies)  was fired. Her husband still worked there and paid me for the cookies. Shortly thereafter he was fired.
Sean was making fudge. He put the batter into the freezer. When he took it out, he saw that it was not right. He tried to fix it by adding flour and baking it. Luckily, his changes managed to fix it up.
Carmen was driving. Her tire went flat. She pulled over and changed the tire. I need to get new tires she thought. Later that week she bought a set of tires.
George challenged Sara to a swim off. It was in the ocean instead of the pool. Sara is such a strong swimmer. She easily beat George. He was disappointed but congratulated her.
My wife has had a dry cough for a week. We went to an urgent care center. The doctor's assistant examined her and ordered an X-ray. She prescribed three medications. I hope they work.
I wasn't able to balance in my turns at dance class. My teacher wanted to talk to my mom. She told my mom I needed to see a doctor for my back. Doctor took x rays. I was diagnosed with scoliosis.
Dani punched her wall out of frustration. She created a big hole. She felt terrible about what she had done. Dani went to the store and bought drywall. She patched the wall up.
Emily loved to build sandcastles in the sand. Tommy came over and destroyed Emily's sandcastle. Tommy's mother saw and came over. Tommy's mother made Tommy help rebuild the sandcastle. Emily was happy that she got her sandcastle back.
Anna was hunting in the woods. Suddenly she saw a huge wolf emerge. It snarled as though it was going to attack her. Anna turned and fled quickly! Thankfully, the wolf did not give chase.
I like a well endowed man. I had this idea that if a man were tall he would also be well endowed. In my dating profile I stated I was looking for very tall men. I became excited to start dating a man who was nearly seven feet tall! In the end, he had a micro-penis, and I learned my lesson.
Tim was in high school. He was invited to a college party. Tim was excited to party with older kids. The party wasn't that much different than high school parties. Tim was mildly disappointed.
Danielle was a girl scout. She had been selling cookies. One day she was at an old woman's house. The woman decided to order a ton of boxes. The total cost ended up being a huge amount.
Phillip was listening to morse code on his ham radio. He heard someone in Japan ask how he was. Phillip texted back that he was fine. Then suddenly communication ceased. Philip waited for hours, but he never heard from his friend again.
Skylar had braces. They had been on his teeth for twelve years. He felt suspicious but assumed the orthodontist knew best. He finally brought up the length they had been on to the orthodontist. The orthodontist mixed up files years ago and didn't realize it.
May loved to write stories. At age sixteen, she began submitting them for publication. One after another, publishers rejected her, and she despaired. But then she got a happy letter. A small company was publishing two of her stories!
Ken was reading in his backyard. Slowly the sun set. It grew darker outside and harder to see. But then the full moon rose, illuminating the sky. Ken was able to keep reading in the moonlight.
I started playing Final Fantasy 7 when I was young. I played for a very long time. Eventually I got bored. I really tried to make it to the end but I got stuck. I never ended up finishing that game.
Tammy likes to cook for the family. She wants to make apple pie. She gets all the ingredients ready. Then she realizes they don't have any apples. A friend told her she could use zucchini as a replacement.
Brad didn't like the way his wife drove a car. Brad thought she was unsafe behind the wheel. When Brad critiqued her driving she would get defensive. Every car ride with his wife ended with an argument. Brad decided that he would drive whenever they went somewhere.
Maggie really wanted to visit South America. She practiced speaking Spanish during all her free time. After high school she began planning a trip with her best friend. Maggie and her friend chose a few countries to visit in South America. They had an excellent time on their travels.
Ana was looking forward to the holidays. It was only three more days till Christmas! She had finished making presents for her family. She had written a letter to Santa. When she went to bed that night And counted off one more day.
Cindy had a bill to pay. She was waiting on her checks in the mail first. Soon the deadline for her bill approached and no checks had arrived. She anxiously paced by the mailbox. Finally the checks arrived and she immediately left to pay.
Tim really wanted to grow taller. He heard that milk helps you grow from his teacher. Tim drank as much milk as he could for a month. He measured himself every single day. He managed to grow an inch taller!
Hector saw a wild turkey he wanted to photograph. He got his camera out of the case. Hector looked at the focusing screen to focus on the bird. He made sure the subject was really in focus. Then he pushed the shutter.
Sue was on the train waiting for her stop. She got really bored. She tried to fall asleep, but she couldn't. She then counted all of the passengers. Counting turned out to be very fun and exciting.
Joel was the toughest guy in town. The neighborhood punks did not mess with him. However, one day he was harassed and he did not fight back. He was tough but not a fighter. But when the punks messed with his friends he finally fought back.
Susie hated wine. All the ones she tried were terrible. Finally Susie bought another bottle. To her dismay it was terrible. She never wanted it again.
Gina's friend Ruth came over her house. She brought a girl Gina disliked named Jane. Jane lived in the nicest house on the block. She only had negative things to say about Gina's house. Gina made sure Ruth knew to never bring Jane to her house again.
Lenny wanted to throw a house party for Paul's birthday. Paul wasn't a big fan of parties because he hated loud crowds. However, Paul agreed to the party to satisfy Lenny. Later, Paul showed up to the party and was able to have a great time. Paul was very appreciative and promised to return the favor to Lenny.
Gina didn't like 2 of the books she checked out. She was worried she wouldn't like the 3rd one either. But there was only one way to find out. She opened the book and scanned the contents. She was relieved to see it was just what she needed.
Cade is a very handsome little boy. He is always being bragged about by his mom. He feels embarrassed when she says things in front of his friends. So, he thinks the best thing to do is tell his mom about how he feels. She understands and promises not to embarrass him anymore.
Zeus had purchased a house without seeing it first. He nearly fainted in horror when he took possession of it! It was completely over-ridden with bugs! Since Zeus had given his money already, he had no options. He burned the nasty place to the ground!
Annie had to babysit her friend's nephew. She never babysat before. The nephew was 5 years old and seemed well behaved. Annie put her to bed early. Everything went better than expected.
The neighbor's dog is named Baxter. I let Baxter out two days a week while my neighbor is working. I let Baxter out into the fenced-in backyard. Baxter runs and plays in the back yard. When he goes back inside, Baxter is ready for sleep.
The day was finally here. John was nervous. He was going to ask his girlfriend to marry him. He got down on one knee. She said yes!
John had worked for his company for many years. He worked hard and often did more than his job required. One day, John's boss called him into an empty office. He told John that the company appreciated all his work over the years. Finally, he told John that John was getting a promotion and a raise!
Janie was going to her cousin's birthday party. Her cousin was having a swimming party. Janie had been having an ear infection. She was not allowed to swim with the other children. Janie sadly watched the kids swim while she sat on the deck.
My wife was expecting her second child in 1989. Our car was in the repair shop. My wife said we should rent a car. She went into labor soon thereafter. We drove our son home in a rental car.
I go to the animal shelter every day to meet the new puppies. Yesterday I met Jumpy. I knew he was the perfect puppy for my family. When I took him home he wagged his tail and played with my sisters. We are all happy that Jumpy is part of our family.
Sarah has a speech to deliver to her class tomorrow. She was feeling nervous and didn't know what she would wear. Sarah went to the mall and picked out a dress to wear to class. She felt confident about herself and her presentation. Sarah got a good grade on her presentation and was thrilled.
I was hanging out at home yesterday. I really had no motivation to do anything. I had a lot of housework that needed to get done. I just could not get myself going. I eventually got it done.
There was the start of mildew on the shower walls. A stack of laundry was growing out of control in the corner. Mary was excited that it was Friday night, so she was able to clean. Mary filled the washer with the towels. Mary set a toothbrush and bottle of bleach along the edge of the tub.
Susan had always wanted a baby. One day, she decided that she wanted a boy. She tried very hard to get a baby. After a very long time, Susan finally got a baby. Now, she lives very happily with her baby.
My brother and I always pulled pranks on each other. One day I decided to cut my brother's hair. When he was sleeping I took a pair a scissors and cut his bangs. When he woke up he was so angry at me. He told my parents on me.
Beth had just moved to a new country. She was nervous because she did not know anybody. But at her new school, everyone was very friendly. Her classmates were kind and inquisitive. After only one day, Beth had made dozens of friends!
An ex pro player volunteers to coach the local Little League team. All the parents are thrilled at first. But their excitement vanishes when he is way too hard on the kids. None of the kids are having any fun because of the coach. So the team finds a new coach.
Miranda loved television. She watched a lot of hours of it. When she watched, there was a marathon. She watched for ten hours. Miranda didn't want to stop.
Dee loved to knit. Her grandmother taught her many different knitting designs. Dee learned about a charity asking for knitted blankets for children. Dee used her skills to create many variations of blankets. Dee donated over different blankets to the charity.
Tom was a very bad, evil man. He liked torturing and killing innocent children. Tom had a hard time indulging in his hobby until a certain app. He created a fake Pokemon Go site to lure the children to him. Tom can easily indulge in his hobby now.
Tracy drove to his job collecting shopping carts at the grocery. He started to back his car into his usual parking spot. A bird flew by his car and distracted him. Tracy backed over a shopping cart that was in the parking spot. He was distraught the rest of the day over destroying the cart.
Laurence was walking over thick snow. He noticed another set of snow tracks. He followed it into thick woods. A man was standing underneath a tree with a clown mask. Laurence slowly backed away and ran back home.
Lisa had always wanted to go to Hollywood. The only issue was the hotels were very expensive. One day, she started saving her money. After many years, she finally saved enough. Then, Lisa was able to go on her dream vacation to Hollywood.
Tom wrote his girlfriend a break up letter. His girlfriend kept acting like they were dating. Tom eventually confronted her about it. Tom's girlfriend claimed she never got the letter. He knew she was lying.
Sara wanted a pet. She decided a cat would be the best pet for her lifestyle. She went to the animal shelter to look at the cats. Sara had a hard time deciding which cat to take home. She ended up adopting five cats instead of one.
I was in the marching band in high school. Once a year we had band day. On band day a bunch of other marching bands would come and play. It was a lot of fun to see all those bands march. I still really look forward to band day every year.
Ashley wanted her best friend's boyfriend. She decided to bring him cookies. She got dressed up and went to his house. When she rang the doorbell, Ashley's friend answered. Ashley turned red and ran away.
Darlene loved to play guitar. She practiced playing every day on her Martin guitar. One day, Darlene broke one of the strings on her guitar. Darlene's dad bought her a new set of strings. Darlene put the new strings on her guitar and continued playing.
Alex wasn't allowed to watch TV. One Friday night he spent the night at his friend Rob's house. The next morning they watched cartoons. Alex had no idea they played cartoons 4 hours on Saturdays. The next week he begged his mom to let him stay at Rob's again.
I turned off my computer and picked up a notebook. The paper felt alien to my hands. The pen felt like a friend I didn't know anymore. I couldn't decide on what I should write about. I spent most of the time staring at the blacked-out screen.
My girlfriend loves shopping online. Last week she was on Amazon all day. She said she was just looking. Today I received two packages in the mail. She was not just looking.
Dan's daughter recently turned two year olds. Dan knew his daughter could walk, but not sure about running. Dan decided to see how fast she could run in the backyard. After Dan said go, his daughter ran real fast towards him. Dan was shocked at how fast a runner his daughter was.
I used to think winning was all that matters. I played a game with my wife. She said she just enjoyed spending time with me. I thought hard about what she said. Now,  I play to enjoy quality time with loved ones.
Cayla loves shopkins. She once spent a whole day hunting the toy store for them. She searched every shelf at the store. Fortunately, she found a shelf filled with them. Cayla bought every shopkins on the shelf.
Eric ran out of deodorant. He had to go to work with no deodorant on. Eric was worried about smelling badly. He ran to the store on his lunch break. Eric bought deodorant at the store.
The score was tied with just a minute left to play. Charlie knew his team was depending on him. The ball sailed down the field. Charlie chased it and kicked it with all his might. It went in the goal and won the game!
Christian came home from school and saw his mother at the table. She asked him if he had any homework to do. Christian told his mother he had a ton of homework to do for class. Christian went upstairs, sat at his desk, and worked on his homework. Christian turned his homework into the teacher the next day.
On October 6th, the Red Cross came to our apartment building. They had a blood drive going on. I was sitting on the bench when I saw the workers come out. 4 out of 5 workers were smoking. I was amazed by this contradiction, and emailed the Red Cross.
Randy takes his kids to stay in a hotel. When Randy sees the room he hates it. He walks back to the front desk and ask the man for a different room. The man tells him all the rooms are taken. Randy demands and gets a refund.
Denise had always dreamed of becoming a ballerina. She'd asked her mother if she could take lessons after school. She was granted permission as long as she kept good grades. She got straight A's. She was able to dance as she had always dreamed.
Christy was driving on the highway. Suddenly, a cop turned on his lights. She pulled over and spoke with him. He told her that her tail light was out and ticketed her. She immediately went somewhere to have the light fixed.
Mary was baking her mom a birthday cake. She used box mix and made it very rich. Then she decorated with lots of frosting. She even filled it with jam. Mary's mom said it was the best cake ever!
Hosea loved conspiracy theories. One of his favorite theories is about the Roswell alien crash. He collected many articles and essays on the event. Hosea saved enough money to visit Roswell. He had a great time and took many pictures.
Timmy had just opened a restaurant downtown in his city. He was having trouble finding customers, though. He started handing out flyers on the street, near his restaurant. People started coming in. Timmy was overjoyed with excitement.
I made a New Year's Resolution to get in shape. I purchased a gym membership. I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising. My first day at the gym was exhausting. I don't know how long I will keep my resolution.
Kathy was running a marathon. She was toward the middle of the group. She had never finished a marathon before. She was within a mile of the finish line. Kathy persevered and finished the marathon before passing out.
Susie had been texting all during class. She did not really see a problem with it. But her teacher was not amused. He pulled her aside after class. He told her she had to stop using her phone or she would be punished.
Anne was a famous blogger. Her blog attracted millions of readers. She wrote about her daily life. She also posted pictures of the clothes she bought. Anne's popularity continued to soar.
Kim was in college and her classes started early. Kim was always tired in the mornings! So each night she started going to bed five minutes earlier. She found it easier to make such a small change. Soon she was sleeping longer and feeling better!
Tom was a middle school student. He signed up for a woodshop class. He learned a lot about making things with wood. He used many pieces of construction equipment. He made a large wooden chair he brought home.
I went to a college that was right near the beach. I was able to rent out a vacation house during the school year. The beach was down the road from the house. So I would walk to the beach whenever the weather was nice. Now I do not live by the beach and I really miss those days.
Yvonne went to have her passport picture taken. She sat on the stool ready to smile. But the photographer told her she couldn't smile on her picture. Yvonne made a serious face. When she saw her picture, she looked like a prisoner.
Tim had an important appointment in the morning. He made sure to set an alarm. The day of the appointment Tim was a no show. He had accidentally set it for night instead of morning. Tim really hated himself because of it.
My friend Joe lives in his car. He used to own a home in Newton, MA. In 2000, he had a midlife crisis and left his wife and kids. He moved into an apartment, but lost his job. I hope he can at least rent a room for the winter.
Mandy was required to go to her workplace Christmas party. She didn't want to go, but she tried to be positive. She showed up on time and tried to mingle with her coworkers. All of them were annoying her, so she decided to hang out alone. Luckily, time passed quickly and she was able to go home.
I wanted to surprise my husband for Valentine's Day. After lots of practice, I learned how to cook his favorite meal. I made a CD of his favorite music to play during dinner. I decorated the dining room with roses and candles for the special day. When I served dinner, he was very surprised and gave me a loving kiss.
I usually buy the cheapest option of any given product. But not when it comes to tissues. The cheap ones feel kind of like sand paper to me. I buy the really soft ones instead. I don't mind the expense in exchange for no sand papering of my face.
Sarah and her dog were going for a walk. They started out at a leisurely pace. Sarah was looking away and did not see the bunny hop from the bush. The dog chased after the bunny, pulling Sarah along with the leash. Sarah managed to control her dog before he pulled her into the bushes.
Katie was in line at the coffee shop. As the barista handed her her coffee, she reached for money. Shocked, she found that she'd forgotten her wallet! A kindly stranger behind her paid for her coffee. Katie was embarrassed but grateful.
Jessie was on her mom's computer. And she saw an advertisement for an online game. She clicked on it and began downloading the game. But when she installed it, various pops and messages appeared. Jessie turned off the computer and hoped her mom wouldn't find out.
Tony wanted to go to his favorite band's concert. Tony didn't have enough money. He decided to walk around outside of the venue. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted a ticket on the ground! He picked it up and got into the show!
Chad ran with the basketball. The opponent came charging at him. Instead of trying to steal the ball, the opponent smacked Chad. The official called a flagrant foul on the person. He ended up getting ejected from the game.
Tina was trying to work on her computer one day. Her child, Malory, began playing in the kitchen cabinets. Tina went into the kitchen and removed Malory from the cabinets. Malory became so mad that she screamed and threw a tantrum. Tina gave her candy to make her be quiet, and Malory smiled.
Joseph wrote a letter to his wife telling her how much he loved her. He went to fight the war never to return. Many years later, his wife found the letter. She read it with tears in her eyes. Joseph had found a way back to her through time using words.
Sue wanted to make potato soup. She bought all the ingredients. She thought she was following the recipe. However, it was too watery. Sue ordered pizza instead.
Casey was swimming with some friends at the lake. They spotted a little cliff and decided to jump. Casey was really afraid of the height. She almost decided not to jump, but a boy she liked cheered her on. She decided to go for it and ended up having a lot of fun.
Anita went to the local university and enrolled. She chose the open enrollment program. This way she didn't have to submit her grades from high school. Anita graduated college and then asked for a promotion at her job. Her boss said no since she did open enrollment not traditional school.
Scruffy was the most precious poodle. She went outside through the doggy door. She put her snout to the ground and sniffed all around. The strong scent of a dead bird caught her attention. Scruffy dragged the dead bird inside the house to show her masters.
Charlie reached deep into the kitchen drawer and smiled. He found his parents' hidden chocolate stash. Before anyone came down, he grabbed a handful of chocolates. His pockets bulged with his newfound prize. Unfortunately, that night Charlie got sick from all the sweets he ate.
Todd had built his first home garden. It had everything from cucumbers, carrots to lettuce and onions. After the first week, he noticed that the plants were growing slowly. Going online, he bought fertilizer and other items to spur growth. After just five weeks, his garden sprouted vegetables for a month.
My fraternity brothers and I were bored. One of our friends suggested football, so we played that. We played well and had a lot of fun. At the end of the game, we all went out to eat. I can't wait to play football again.
Karl woke up late for work one day. He didn't know why his alarm didn't go off. Later that day his alarm went off. Karl realized he put PM instead of AM>. He vowed to never make the same mistake again.
Sarah drove around town one Saturday to get out of the house. She came upon an ice cream store that had recently opened. She decided to stop in and check it out. She ordered two flavors, raspberry and cherry swirl. She ate the ice cream and drove home.
It rains hard where I live. One day the street was completely submerged in water. I called a taxi to get to work. It took me to my motorcycle. My motorcycle wouldn't even work.
Daniel was an archaeologist. Once while on a dig Daniel found a large stone ring. He worked tirelessly to translate the ancient writing. When Daniel turned the stone ring right side up he found a treasure. Daniel sold his treasure and lived a very rich life.
Nita had the flu. She was feverish and achy. It was Friday, so her mom kept her home from school. Nita recuperated over the weekend. By Monday, she felt much better!
Henry really wanted to be in the school play. He was very nervous and wasn't sure if he would even audition. On the day of the audition he just decided to do it. He auditioned and wasn't sure how it went. The following day he found out that he made the lead role in the play!
Ron had long, crazy hair. His wife bought him a new hairbrush. It was supposed to manage tangles better. Ron really liked it. He started brushing his crazy hair to be smooth.
The walkers decided to go on a road trip across the country. Their destination was California. The family had a great time on the road. Unfortunately they got a flat tire. Luckily a stranger helped them fix it.
Jerry wanted to take a shower. When he got inside, the room began to shake. Confused, he got dressed and ran out. He realized that he was in an earthquake and took cover. Thankfully, he made it out unscathed.
Jackie was a girl scout. She was selling cookies. She hoped to sell the most. When cookie selling season was over, she counter her sales. She did sell the most, and she won a prize.
Jamie was working on her computer when something bit her leg. She got up to investigate and found a mosquito flying around her head. Jamie chased the mosquito around for awhile and eventually killed it. She did not appreciate that distraction. She decided to close the window before getting back to work.
Sally was at a candy store at the beach. There were so many flavors of salt water taffy! Her mom gave her a small bag to fill. She decided to put one piece of each flavor in the bag. That way she got to try everything.
Jacob had just bought a motorcycle. He passed his test for his license. As soon as he left his driveway, he had a wreck. He had to go to the ER. Jacob had broken his arm from his wreck.
Ken worked a lot for charities. He would volunteer his spare time rather than be paid. He got huge satisfaction from helping people. He also enjoyed looking at the donations before anyone else. He usually got the best items for himself.
Ted went to the park one day with some stale bread. He sat down at a bench and began to throw the bread crumbs. A bird began to peck at the bread on ground. Suddenly, a large swarm of giant angry birds flew straight at Ted. Ted had to drop the bread and run away as fast he could.
I was at the circus with my friend. A clown came out on the stage. My friend put her hands on her face. I asked her why she was doing that. She told me she was scared of clowns.
Tommy went to move his car from the yard. It had been raining all day. The car's tires were stuck in the mud. Tommy wasn't able to move the car. He had to call a friend to help move the car.
I was feeling lonely and decided I'd like a puppy for company. I checked local shelters and online rescue dog ads. I found a puppy for adoption. The puppy had been found as a stray. I took him home and we became best friends.
Tom thought that football looked fun. He decided to go to the store and purchase a brand new one. On his way to the store he found a group of people playing football. They invited him to play, so he joined them. He had tons of fun, and made a bunch of new friends.
I wanted some money. Alas, I was too young to get a job. I decided to open a lemonade stand. Only one person showed up. But, the person tipped me ten dollars!
Janet left early for work one day. She got in her car and started driving down the road. She suddenly realized she had lost her purse! She turned around and sped home. Turns out, she left her purse right by the door!
Today I was standing in line texting on my phone. I heard what sounded like a sneeze, so I said bless you. The man in front of me looked at me really weird. Then I smelled the rankest smell I've ever smelled. It wasn't a sneeze that he did.
Sue got a diary for her birthday. She began to write about her life, but it sounded so boring. Sue started inventing wild tales for her diary. While cleaning, Sue's mom found the diary. Sue's mom waited with a lecture ready for her daughter.
Ray was trying to win cruise tickets from his local radio station. He kept calling hoping to be the lucky caller. Then he was told that he was the winning caller! He was thrilled! He won two tickets to a weeklong cruise!
Ed found a mint condition iPhone in the gutter. He picked it up and took it home, expecting no one would be the wiser. Every night there'd be a call from an unidentified number at midnight. Ed decided he didn't really want the phone, after all. He put it back in the gutter where he found it.
Greg talked on his phone while driving. A cop pulled him over. He got a ticket for two hundred dollars. He did not pay the ticket because he was angry. Now Greg has a warrant out for his arrest.
Ken was invited to a birthday party. They were grilling out by the pool. He wasn't sure what to take. He decided on buying hot dogs. It was the one thing everyone else chose to take as well.
Cassie asked her mom for new headphones. The mom said she would let her buy some. They went to the store and Cassie picked out the most expensive pair. Her mom said there was no way she would buy those! Cassie said she would chip in half.
Jane was doing laundry. She wanted to dry her clothes on the clothes line. But it was getting dark. As she hung the clothes she felt something on her foot. She was horrified to see a bat on her shoe.
Back in 1992 my cat got out and I could not find him. Seven months went by and I had nearly given up. One day an animal control officer called me and said a man found him. He still had his id tag on and he remembered me. I brought him home and he never tried to leave again.
Robert was relaxing in the local river. He sat in an inflatable inner tube. It seemed like it was going to be a good day. Suddenly, Robert heard a popping noise and began to sink. His inner tube had deflated.
Shauna went to the state fair. She expected to go to the livestock show. When she got there it was nowhere in sight. She asked someone what had happen. All of the livestock was stuck in Texas.
Allison loved to eat pizza. Her favorite pizza place was Tony's Pizza. She went to Tony's Pizza and was shocked to see it closed. Allison found out that they were closed due to a roach infestation. She no longer had an appetite for pizza.
Becky needed money. She decided to work from home as a call agent. The days are filled with calls for Becky. The callers are grumpy. Becky quit her job.
Mickey was always a fan of webcomics. Since he was little reading them on forums. But his favorite artist went on permanent hiatus. There were no more webcomics! Until Mickey decided to start writing and drawing comics himself.
Henry was standing near the pool side. Gary tried to sneak behind him. As soon as he got close, Gary ran towards Henry. Henry ended up being pushed into the pool. All of his belongings became soaked.
One time my family went on vacation to Mexico. We visited a small fishing town where my mom grew up. My uncle taught us how to fish with a plastic bottle. I was good at casting the line but the fish never bit. At the end of the day I finally caught a fish!
My scout troop organized a river rafting trip. I was afraid of going with them. I didn't want them to know I was afraid. My parents forced me to accompany them. It was great fun and I have been rafting twice since.
My sister-in-law's thumb was locked one day. She went to urgent care. They suggested pt. She went to her pcp and found she had a ganglion cyst. They are leaving it alone for now.
Rio challenged her brother to a tennis match. He accepted happily. At first, Rio was beating him easily. But before long, her brother was serving fast and sure! The game ended in a perfect tie!
Marie and her mother were very close. Her mother's memory started to fail as she got older. Marie tried to take care of her elderly mother as best as she could. Marie was overwhelmed by her mother's needs. She was sad when she was forced to put her mother in a nursing home.
I have had long hair most of my life. I've been getting a bit annoyed with it lately as it is boring now. I spent months wavering on whether to cut it. In a sudden moment of determination I lopped off my pony tail. I was worried I would regret it, but it's great!
Jeremy's favorite food is lasagna. His mother cooks it for him every Sunday. One Sunday, she couldn't afford the ingredients. Jeremy was a little upset that he couldn't eat lasagna for dinner. He ultimately forgave his mother because it wasn't her fault.
My daughter's Boston girlfriend now lives in San Diego. One night she was arrested for hitting her boyfriend. She spent four hours in jail. Her jail mates included a drug dealer and a prostitute. She was glad to make bail in the morning.
I have a puppy named lollipop. She was so sweet and playful. One day when i'm out of town they lost lollipop. I'm so glad there were kind people who help to find her. They found her and i promised it won't happen again.
Gina's brothers created a club for boys. Gina thought it was corny. But her sisters were upset they couldn't play with them. They complained to Gina to change their mind. Gina thought it would be better to start their own club.
Oren needs to earn extra money for school. He sees a position posted in a biology laboratory. Oren applies for the position. He is hired to help clean and organize the laboratory. Oren feels great that he will be earning extra money.
Greg got a new car and was eager to try it. He went on the highway hoping to go very fast. But when he arrived there, there was an accident. The whole highway was stuck in traffic. Greg wasn't happy and he planned for a new escapade while waiting.
Lisa was in college. And she was quickly trying to get to her next class. There was a path down a hill that was blocked off. But Lisa decided to try to cross it. As she descended down the hill, she sprained her ankle.
Graham was nervous about his upcoming performance review at work. He talked to some of the senior executives for any advice. He asked his boss for any helpful suggestions. No one had much help to offer so Graham decided to just relax. The review was positive because Graham's work spoke for itself.
Andrew was a storm chaser for a major network. He and his crew were sent to the midwest to track some bad weather. After driving all through the night, they made it. They drove around looks for storm clouds the next day. Just when they had given up, a tornado formed 100 yards away from them.
My dad ran into a famous baseball player one day. My father wanted to get an autograph from him. He asked the baseball player for his autograph. The baseball player rudely told my father off. My father now badmouths this ballplayer to anyone he meets.
Our 2 year old granddaughter Lila visited from NYC last week. We live in Cambridge. Sunday morning we went to a park. Lila loved the swing. She did not want to get off the swing to go back for a nap.
Donna met a group of friends at the movies. There were several movies to choose from. They decided on a movie that looked funny. Donna and her friends had fun laughing together. They made plans to meet for another fun night the next week.
Barry hated it when his little brother Ted followed him around. Barry didn't like that Ted was always asking him questions. One day, Barry had to bring Ted along to a friend's house. Barry decided to leave Ted at his friend's house for the night. After going home, Barry's mother grounded him for a week.
Isaac was prone to bouts of depression. He never made many friends, and was usually found by himself. He imagined that no one would miss him and began to cry. His mother heard his sobbing and came to find out what was wrong. She encouraged him that she would miss him if he disappeared.
The robin family was a creepy bunch. They live in a creepy big dark house. Their neighborhood was also dark and scary. A neighbor knocked on their door on one creepy day. He actually found that they were really nice people.
George decided to spend his day off at the fair. He drove to the fairgrounds with a smile on his face. When he got there, he was pleased to find that it was free that day. He felt like a kid again as he played games and drove bumper cars. As he left he decided to return the next year.
Brad and Jill went to the theater to see a movie. During the movie the couple behind them talked the entire time. Brad and Jill asked the usher to tell them to be quiet. After a warning from the usher, the couple kept talking. Brad and Jill were frustrated, and walked out of the theater.
David was always very chubby in school. He posted some recent pictures online. I couldn't believe his transformation. He had lost all the weight doing P90x. I was so impressed I soon started it afterwards.
Tom got an expensive Halloween costume. He decided to wear it to a party. There was another person with the same costume at the party. Tom was excited to see it. They both became friends over it.
Maddie really liked Tommy. She finally got up the courage to tell him. She waited anxiously as he stared at her. Suddenly he took her hand in his and then quickly released it. Maddie realized her hand was clammy and he was grossed out.
Jasmine loves to take photos of nature. She decided to enter a photo competition. Jasmine was intimidated at first. She spent hours outside waiting to take the perfect photo. Her submission received first place in the nature category.
I put on my favorite white shirt to wear to the mall with friends. We all wanted to eat burgers from the food court. I like to eat my burgers with a lot of mustard. When I took a bite of my burger, mustard fell out on my shirt. My favorite shirt was ruined by a big mustard stain.
Dan was an accountant. He lived a very routine, some would say boring, life. Walking home one day he saw smoke coming out of an apartment. He rushed in and saved an elderly lady! It really broke up his routine.
One day I was laying on my bed and had my arm draped over my stomach. All of a sudden, my arm was kicked off my stomach! I took three pregnancy tests, as I didn't believe the first one. I called my doctor to make an ultrasound appointment. Why, yes, I was pregnant and only a mere 32 weeks 1 day!
When Jon felt alone, he always went to the lake. He liked to scatter breadcrumbs for the ducks. Sometimes he played with dogs and talked to their owners. He also greeted a few people he knew by sight. Only to return home and feel alone again.
Art loves deep sea fishing. Art and his buddies chartered a boat for 4 hours of fishing. They decided that whoever had the strangest catch would get $50. Art caught an octopus. He received $50 for having the strangest catch of the day.
For Christmas Janice received a brand new toy doll. She went to visit her friend Jessica. Jessica had a new bike. Jessica asked to play with the doll. Janice said okay as long as she got to ride the bike.
Nell's dad opened a new business in town. One day, he met and hired a young photographer. Many of Nell's friends went to get their picture taken. But the photographer left town with their order money. Nell's dad repaid the customers and lost some faith.
Stephen bought a lottery scratch off He finds out he won the grand prize. He is excited beyond belief. He will be getting 10,000 per week until he dies. He ends up losing the scratch off
I was helping put out chairs in the chapel this morning. While rolling the stacks of chairs out I saw a spot on the floor. I got closer to see what it was. When I leaned down to see it closer it jumped! It turned out to be a baby frog!
Kate sat on her porch on a hot and boring summer day. The house next door was vacant. She had been friends with the kids who lived there before. Now there was no one on the block to pass the time with. She knew it would be a long and boring summer.
Laura was gone for a week to see her parents. She was just getting home to her husband. She came inside and realized that there was a huge mess. Specifically, there were soda cans everywhere. She demanded that her husband clean them all up.
Terry knew giving back was important. He had signed up to volunteer at the soup kitchen because of that. He worked very hard that day ladling out soup for everyone. At the end of the day Terry was exhausted, but happy. He knew helping was the right thing to do.
Ko was on a cruise to the Caribbean. Her ship visited Jamaica. There, a young woman offered to braid Ko's hair. Ko accepted, knowing she was providing the woman's livelihood. She felt good about herself - and got a lovely braid as well!
Mary's mom came home with more bananas than they could possibly eat. She wondered why she had bought them all. Then after dinner that night she got a surprise. Mom made banana splits for the whole family. That was the best way ever to eat a banana!
I love to swim at the pool. I put on my swimsuit and some sunblock. Next, I put towels in my swim bag. My mom drives me to the city pool. Finally, it's time to swim!
Jim was at the shooting range. He aimed his gun and fired a few rounds. But the kickback on the gun struck his shoulder. It hurt badly! Jim had to pause to nurse his injury.
Ethan enjoyed making cookies. He thought that there might be a market for gluten-free cookies. He experimented with many recipes. He finally came up with some delicious gluten-free cookies. Ethan was able to sell his cookies at local stores and restaurants.
Doug lives in a noisy neighborhood. He works late into the night. One day Doug was very tired. It was too noisy to sleep. Doug was very tired when he returned to work.
Last week we went to Disney world. We waited in line for one of the rides. It was the longest line ever. Four hours later we decided to leave. It simply was not worth it.
Hal is shopping one day. He sees an attractive woman shopping for clothes. He decides to go over and introduce himself. She has very low self esteem. Hal is able to lift her spirits and the two become lovers.
I listened to the radio in my car as I drove. A catchy song came on the radio. After the song ended it was stuck in my head. I began to sing the national anthem to get it unstuck from my mind. I sang it until I completely forgot about the other song.
Tim was trying to cut some paper. The scissors kept getting stuck. It kept messing up his paper. Tim tried to sharpen them but it didn't work. He bought a new pair instead.
Tom bought a lottery ticket. He wound up winning a few thousand dollars. It was enough to inspire him to buy more tickets. He continued to buy tickets for the rest of his life. He never won again.
Mike Jones was a substitute teacher. He loved his job and the thrill of teaching young people. He longed for a permanent teaching job. The students petitioned for Mike Jones to have a permanent position. Mike Jones is now teaching classes as a full on teacher.
Sophie really wanted a doll for Christmas. She cut pictures of the doll out of a catalog and hung it up. She wrote a letter to Santa, asking for the doll. Her mom seen the picture and read the letter. Sophie got the doll for Christmas.
Bob wanted to do something for his 40th birthday. He decided to buy a brand new sports car for himself. A shiny red new corvette was delivered on the day of his birthday. Bob drove his new car all around town. Later that day, Bob got a speeding ticket for going too fast.
Bill had a flat tire on his way to a job interview. Bill quickly hopped out and got his spare from the trunk. Bill put the spare on the car and threw the flat in the trunk. Bill continued to drive to the interview. Bill aced the interview and got the job!
Ted had a mandatory reading for his class. He hadn't bought the book needed for the reading. Ted asked one of his friends to borrow the book. Ted was able to borrow the book. Ted decided that it would be easier to buy a book.
I had a phone conference meeting on Tuesday. I am a mass transit consultant. My client is rebuilding buses for a transit authority. The transit authority was upset over delays and cost overruns. The meeting ended on an angry note.
Smoke filled the back hall of the casino room. A man was having a great night betting on cards. He paused for a moment to compose his thoughts. He decide to bet it all on the next card. The dealer flipped it over and he won.
I was going to attend a potluck and wanted to bring a family recipe. I chose my grandma's mac n cheese but I didn't know how to make it. My grandma had me come over and she taught me her recipe. Everyone loved the mac n cheese. My grandma's recipe is now the only mac n cheese that I make.
Maggie decided to go out for a run. She loved running in the woods. She found it relaxing. To her dismay there was a bear. Maggie jumped and ran.
She had so many questions, I never had an answer. I wish I would answer, and tell her all of my insecurities. But I didn't, and she departed as soon as she came. I'd have told her how when I felt her, I was in lost in heaven. I'd shift my reality, because she was my closest thing to heaven.
The kids went out in the rain. They become very wet. One of the kids got too cold. The kids went back inside. They all dried off.
Our 2 year old granddaughter visited this weekend. She came from NYC to Boston. She was here for four nights. She cried when it was time to go home. We miss her a lot.
Aaron got home from vacation to discover his lawn was overgrown. The lawn service hadn't come to mow or trim while he was away. He went to his neighbor's house. He asked if he could borrow their lawn mower. Aaron mowed his lawn and canceled his lawn service shortly after.
Kelly wanted to look for a new job. She looked endlessly online for jobs. Finally she found one she liked. She sent her resume over. To her delight she was called for an interview.
The new cook in the restaurant wanted to prove himself. He challenged the head chef to a knife skills contest. They both had to chop up two onions as fast as they could. The new cook was quick but was not fast enough. The head chef told the new cook that he did a good job.
In 2006 I played an April Fool's joke on my friend. She was a yoga teacher. I sent a fake letter from a Vedanta Society asking her to teach yoga. She got all excited and told her mom. I confessed it was a joke, and she was good natured about it.
Tom was driving on the highway. A car passed him really quickly. It got in front of him and stopped suddenly. Tom crashed into the back of the car. Tom was hurt badly.
Vince was bringing his plate to the table. He tripped over his dog. Vince dropped his plate. Food spilled all over the floor. Vince had to clean up the mess.
Allison liked to eat snacks in her bedroom. Many times Allison would leave the snack trash on the floor. One day Allison saw ants on the floor. The ants were crawling on her clothes and school books. Allison cleaned her room and the ants were gone soon.
Bob woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains. He felt alarmed so he rushed across town to the emergency room. The doctors ran a bunch of tests on Bob. They determined that Bob was merely having some serious heartburn. Bob felt both embarrassed and relieved.
Melinda and her brother Ty were playing by the creek. It was their favorite play spot, and they went there every day. But on that day the creek was overflowing, and I fell in. Melinda was scared, but sprung forward and grabbed his hair! After he was pulled out, Ty had a headache but was glad to be alive.
My mom borrowed $100 dollars from me and promised to pay me back soon. A few days later, I asked if she had the money. She told me that she actually needed to borrow more. I refused and walked away. We didn't talk for the whole day.
Jim went with his family to the community pool. When Jim was walking around the pool, he fell into the deep end. Jim started moving his legs and arms like he had seen other people do. Jim was surprised to find that he was actually swimming. Jim's family was more surprised to see him swimming in the deep end.
Cindy went to a party at Lisa's house. There was music and dancing at the party. All of the girls at the party took their shoes off to dance. Lisa's little brother, Bart, hid Cindy's shoes. Lisa was angry with Bart when she found out what he had done.
Jack met a girl at school one day. He and the girl started dating. One day Jack met the girl's father. He didn't like Jack. Jack and his girlfriend had to sneak around and got married.
My friend and I were bored yesterday. My friend suggested we play a video game. We decided to bet money on a video game. He beat me badly, but it was fun. I am upset I lost my money, but it was worth it.
I've been working at a flower shop for months. It's pretty busy and there's lots to do. We make a lot of arrangements and have tight schedules. We are surrounded by beautiful flowers all day. I get to be creative so it's more good than bad.
Leah put on her summer dress. She twirled the dress around. The dress felt starchy. She washed the dress with socks. The dress felt better after that.
Josh had a lot of migraines. He did not want to go to the doctor. He got a migraine during an important day. So he learned his lesson at last. Josh went to the doctor.
David and his son bought a vintage Mustang. They spent months restoring every inch of it. When his son turned 16, David handed him the keys. The kid crashed into a tree that night. David was furious!
My dad was driving us home from our grandma's house. A snow storm started. The car skidded and turned in a circle. My dad checked to make sure we were all OK. The only damage was I spilled milk on my sister.
Jason's family went fishing for the afternoon. They didn't get a bite for several hours. Finally, Jason got a large fish on his line. After a long battle, Jason pulled the fish into the boat! Jason's family enjoyed eating his catch!
Dan and his friend took the flat screen TV out of the trunk. They tried carrying it upstairs in Dan's house. Dan tripped on a shoe and couldn't hold the TV. It fell on one side. Once he checked inside the box, he saw a crack on the screen.
Michael had always loved Julia. Julia never really liked Michael. One day Michael was in a small store. Be bought Julia a pendant. Julia ended up breaking Michael's heart.
A boy was tasked with reading a bunch of Hemingway stories. All of the stories used short sentences and described little emotion. The boy decided he hated Hemingway. Instead, he read a lot of Faulkner. The boy's writing life was better off for choosing Faulkner.
Callie's car needed a tune up. She decided to do it herself. It didn't seem that difficult. But halfway through, she realized she was hopelessly confused. Callie took the car to a mechanic to finish the job.
Cindy needed new golf clubs. She went to the nearest store. They measured her. They fit her for a new putter. She cannot wait to use it on the green.
The man in the red car was driving fast. He didn't see the car on the side of him. He cut the car off. But, the car didn't use brakes fast enough. They had a huge accident.
Samantha was at an art museum. She was looking at various paintings on display. Samantha accidentally brushed a painting with her shoulder. A security guard warned Samantha to be more careful. Luckily, Samantha was not kicked out of the museum.
Weston lived on a sheep farm. He loved all of the sheep. One day, a wolf attacked his sheep. Weston decided to hunt the wolf. The wolf never attacked Weston's sheep again.
Steve and Josie are newlyweds. But Josie suspects that Steve is already cheating. She told her friends and they all agreed Steve was up to something. They all decided to follow him one day. Unfortunately, Josie caught Steve cheating with another woman.
Sally bought a sweater for her dog Max. Every time she'd put it on him, she'd find it off a few minutes later. She couldn't figure out how he kept getting out of it. Then one day she saw her brother taking it off of Max. He told her the dog looked miserable when he wore it.
Tim had a girl who was a friend. He would often go over to her house. Tim thought her mom was really pretty. He would often hit on her. Tim was ultimately told to stop.
I was bored one weekend day. I went to my garage and saw a scooter. I grabbed the scooter and rode down the street. I went to the end of my street then went back home. I went inside and sat back down.
Matt and Sarah were pregnant. They wanted to announce it in a fun way. They wrote it on a cake. Then, they invited their friends over. When their friends saw the cake, they were excited.
Jasper spends most of his income on his expensive apartment. He knows that his lifestyle is wasteful, but hasn't made a change. Finally Jasper looks for a cheaper place to live. He moves into an apartment that makes more sense for his budget. Now Jasper no longer spends most of his income on rent.
Cam is from a cold town. The most common activity in this area is hockey. Cam started playing hockey at a young age. He now plays professional hockey. He had to move away from the cold town to play for his team.
I was bored while eating lunch. My dog was begging for my food. I told her I didn't have any left. I finally threw the plate across the room like a frisbee. She ran after it and licked it.
Lia got a phone call from a friend. He needed help hooking up his new computer! He offered to pay her, but she refused. She offered to help for free, because she was kind. She hurried over to his house and set up his computer.
Two years ago, i met this guy on facebook. He send me message first and he wants to get my mobile number. Since i was bored that time, i gave him my number. We started texting and we decided to meet each other. When i first met him he was so sweet and gentleman.
Tom wanted to spend more time with his mother. His mother loved driving around and looking at homes. He decided to join her in that activity. They went for a nice drive. Tom was happy to be spending more time with his mother.
Ora wanted to learn to play tennis. She asked her mom for lessons. The two ladies played together every day. At first Ora was terrible. But soon she was playing tennis like a pro!
Jimmy had a really strict father. His father made him study for the SAT every day. Jimmy studied hard and took practice tests everyday. Jimmy got a perfect score on his test. Jimmy's father was so proud of him.
Rick was working on his new project. The garage smelled of oil and burned rubber. He had built his own car, but couldn't start it. Finally, after hours of hard work, he got the engine to fire. After the car started, he turned it off and relaxed.
Dan wanted to have some a homemade banana split. Dan checked his cupboard for all the ingredients. After checking, Dan noticed that there were no bananas. Dan decided to make the split without bananas. Dan was not happy with the results, as he knew he needed bananas.
Erin grew up with her dad and brothers. They went fishing a lot when she was young. Erin dreamed of fishing as a job one day. She learned how and trained hard. She eventually bought her own fishing boat and worked for herself.
Lucy chose a fabric at the fabric store to make a tote. She didn't realize she had to wait to have it cut. She took a number and waited. There were 14 people ahead of her. She wanted the fabric badly so she decided to wait.
The boy asked a question. Nobody knew the answer. He researched it in the library. He found the answer. He told everybody the answer to the question.
Zooey was walking home when she saw a cat. The cat was acting hungry and stressed. She checked his collar and realized he was far from home. She took the cat home and gave him a nice fresh meal. While he ate, she called his owner who thanked her for helping.
My friend Harry tried internet dating. He met a woman on match.com They arranged to have dinner and watch a comedy show. When the woman showed up she was ten Years older than her photo. Harry made up an excuse and ended the date.
Sarah wanted to learn how to draw flowers. First, she studied the way flowers were put together. Then she got her crayons. She got paper. And she drew the flower!
Ann and Dan got a new apartment. Ann invited her mother to come see their apartment. Ann's mother noticed that they didn't have a dining table. The next time she visited, she brought a table. Ann and Dan were thankful for the gift from her mother.
Ben had smoked cigarettes for years. He tried to quit but failed. He couldn't even stop when his wife begged him. Then his baby daughter Rita was born. From that day on, Ben never touched another cigarette!
The vegetables were about to go bad. The man didn't want them to be wasted. He made them into a vegetable broth. He saved the broth in the freezer. Later he was able to make a soup with the broth.
My little cousin came to visit this morning. She took one look up at me and said she didn't remember me being tall. Then she said maybe she was just little. She asked if I was sleepy, and I said yes. She laid down beside me to take a nap.
Ed liked to drink, but he often got carried away. He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend, but failed. When they wed, he thought he could stay clean for his wife, but no. Then his wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl! Ed has not touched a drink since her birth, seven years ago.
I went to a restaurant with my friend. We each ordered something we liked. The food took forever to arrive. When it did arrive, the waiter apologized for the wait. The manager gave us our dinner for half-price because it took so long.
Stephanie loved the bakery. There were many snacks in the bakery. One day, Stephanie saw the bakery was closed. Stephanie became sad that she could buy cookies. After staying up all night, Stephanie purchased cookies in the morning.
Danny was not looking forward to his work holiday party. Last year at the holiday party his boss had drank too much. His boss had made an inappropriate romantic suggestion to Danny. This year Danny brought a friend as his date. Danny and his friend stayed together and they had no problems.
Kelly heard a rumor that there was a new teacher. She was fearful about it. Finally the new teacher came in. To her surprise, Kelly thought she was nice. Kelly was happy to have her.
Georgia wanted to learn to drive a car. Her father refused to teach her how to drive. Georgia decided to teach herself how to drive a car. When her father was gone she would take the car out for a drive. She learned to drive, but her father was angry when he found out.
Jake was annoyed by his girlfriend's cat. It would always try to cuddle with him. He would constantly push him off. One day the cat wasn't there and Jake was a bit sad. He had grown fond of him over time.
Kendall got a new rabbit. She named it fluffy. One day she was away from home. When she got back fluffy was gone. Kendall was devastated.
This morning my computer was acting funny. I ran a few programs but they did not fix the problem. I took it into the shop to get looked at. The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly. It was cheaper to buy a new computer instead so I did.
Jen's family was very loud. When she went to see them that summer they were singing all the time. She took some time off in the woods to have some privacy. But they found her and made her come back to the house. Eventually Jen gave up and sang as loud as she could.
We decided to make a snowman. We gathered coal, a broom, a scarf, a hat and a carrot. Rolled 3 big snow balls together and stacked them. Then we put on all the items we collected. We decided to name Derrick.
Lucas just sat at home watching South Park all day. One day, his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill. There was no television in the house. Lucas went outside for the first time in weeks. He felt immensely happy having the sun beat down on his face.
Sarah's long finger nails were bothering her. So she decided to cut them really short. A few minutes later, her mom gave her a canned soda. But she couldn't open it. She regret cutting her nails so short.
A dog ran across the park. He was chasing squirrels, which he was not supposed to do. Because he was misbehaving his master scolded him and took him home. At home the dog watched more squirrels from the window. His master allowed him to go outside and he happily chased them.
Bob didn't know what was wrong with him. He kept experiencing unwanted thoughts. His friends urged him to go see a therapist. A therapist diagnosed him with OCD and tips to manage it. He now is able to control his thoughts.
Kelly loved going to the casino. She never really won a lot. She just liked going to play the slots. While playing the slots one evening she hits the jackpot. Kelly wins over 10,000 dollars in prize money.
Stacy wanted to get her belly button pierced. She begged her mom to let her do it. Her mother refused. Stacy then went to do it anyway. She later regretted it, since it came out horribly.
France was struggling in school. The teacher had an appointment with his parents. She recommended online classes for France. His parents tried to set up the classes for him. After the year was over, France earned better grades.
Drew breaks his mother's ceramic doll. He sweeps the doll under the couch. His mother soon discovers what happened. Drew has to do work to replace the doll. Drew has learned not to hide things from his parents.
Kate at a specific taco place regularly. It was only to see the guy she had a crush on. When he wasn't there she asked about him. Only to find out he had quit a week earlier. She was sure she would never see him again.
For my 16th birthday I got my license and a car. I was so excited. My first trip was to the Mall. Bought tons of clothes. After I got home I began planning my next adventure.
Noah was a horrible child who never listened. At school, he behaved the worst. He always argued with other students and never listened to the teacher Noah's teacher couldn't stand him because of his bad behavior. Eventually, Noah grew up and stopped being so bad.
Bob went to the store to buy snacks. When he was leaving the store he dropped  some chips. A small puppy grabbed it and tried to ran away. Bob picked up the puppy and his chips. Bob said I am going to call you Chip
Sammy and his friends were excited. Tonight was Halloween and they were going trick or treating. Sammy put on his ghost costume and got ready. Sammy and his friends went around the neighborhood collecting candy. He had such a blast that Halloween night.
Fred is painting his room red. After stepping down from the ladder he knocks over the paint bucket. He spills paint all over his room. Fred quickly tries to clean the spill up. After it is clean, he resumes painting.
I was adjusting my bench press. I took off a weight on one side. That created an imbalance. The bar tipped over. It made a hole in the wall.
Stacy's mom had broke her leg in a fall. Stacy felt horrible for her mom. She wanted to help even though she lived far away. Stacy shipped a bunch of books to her mom to help keep her occupied. Stacy felt better now since she'd helped her mom in some small way.
Kelly wanted a new puppy. She begged her parents for one. Finally they gave in. When her parents gave in, Kelly was happy. Kelly named her lily.
Nate was failing a lot of classes. He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him. He fell in love with her. She really helped him turn his life around. Soon they were married.
It was picture day at school, so Jill wanted to look her best. When she looked in the mirror, she started to cry. A pimple had grown on her forehead during the night. Her mom grabbed the scissors to cut her hair into bangs. The pimple couldn't be seen at all in the pictures.
Taylor grew up as an only child. She made up imaginary friends to hang out with. Her parents thought that was weird. They told her to stop and make real friends. This made her feel even more isolated and desperate.
I went to a Mediterranean food truck at my college. And I expected them to have good food like the last time. So I ordered a garlic lemon chicken pita. But I tasted no lemon and garlic at all. I want to try them one more time before I judge.
The lady read the manual. She remembered the steps in order. She followed the steps exactly. It didn't help the situation. The lady consulted the manual again.
Tom was watching a movie. He was drinking a big soda at the same time. It made Tom really need to pee. He took a break to use the restroom. Tom wound up missing an important scene.
Kim couldn't afford food for her family one month. She sadly took her wedding ring to the pawn shop. There, she redeemed it for grocery money. But the next month, Kim saved every cent. Then she went back to redeem her wedding ring!
Tammy decided she needed a hobby. She purchased a book on how to knit. She purchased the supplies the book instructed. Tammy tried to knit but it was hard! Tammy gave up knitting to look for a new hobby.
As Joe was skiing he came across a big jump. He stopped before the runway to the jump to examine if he could do it. The jump seemed bigger than any he had ever tried before. He finally got the courage and headed toward the jump. Joe successfully landed on the other side of the jump.
Rod had a stomachache. He took a laxative before bed. The next morning, the laxative worked. Rod felt much better afterwards. He was glad he had taken care of his problem.
Clara didn't want to follow the rest of the girl scouts on the hike. She decided to sneak off the trail. She congratulated herself on getting out of a long hike. As she waited for her troop to return, she started scratching. She soon realized she had tromped through poison ivy.
Dan went with his brother to a party. There was a large barbecue going on. Although he's a vegetarian, he still tried to have a good time. However, he was starving. Dan left early to find something to eat.
Tom had planned a family vacation. They were all looking forward to it. At the last minute a big project came up at work. Tom had to cancel the vacation. Everyone was sad by the news.
Tom wanted to increase his overall productivity. Tom thought about his least profitable actions. He realized he spent too much time on Facebook. Tom quit Facebook. Tom saw his productivity increase.
Len was skilled at playing the piano. Len had played the piano all her life. Len was hired as a pianist for an orchestra. Len played in some of the largest cities in the world. Len lived her dream as a pianist.
David was very responsible. Every week, he put a bit of his paycheck into his savings account. Soon, the balance was quite large. He had a car problem and he smiled. He knew he had saved enough money to pay for it!
Ben was officially married to his wife. Before they started their honeymoon, Ben mentioned a prenup. His wife became furious. She questioned his motives and said that he's deceiving. Ben felt scared and decided to switch the topic.
Bill went to a restaurant with his girlfriend. Bill ordered a steak. Bill ordered the steak rare. Bill was upset to see the steak was overcooked. Instead of complaining Bill simply ate the steak.
Jill Always considered herself ugly. She was teased constantly and eventually left school. A few years passed and she returned to the school. She was now beautiful and got lots of attention. She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone.
Katie recently had owned a small cabin. The cabin had a wood stove to cook on. One night Katie was cooking spaghetti on the wood stove. The stove caught on fire and eventually so did the whole cabin. Katie made it safely outside without getting burned.
Debra worked at an orange stand. She sold 100 oranges a day. One day she decided to sell roses. She made 2000 extra dollars that day. Debra never sold oranges again.
Today was Allison's eighth birthday. She couldn't wait to open all of her presents. One especially large present caught her eye. Allison saved the biggest present for last. When she opened it, she found out it was a new bicycle!
Gloria's doctor told her she had diabetes. Gloria didn't follow the diet and exercise plan of her doctor. Gloria got sicker and sicker. Eventually, Gloria had to amputate two toes. Gloria realized she needed to take care of herself.
Cheryl had recently graduated from college and needed a job. Cheryl worked on her resume, posting it on several sites. Before long, Cheryl had several interviews and two job offers. Cheryl weighed the two job offers carefully. Cheryl chose the one that paid the most and started the next day.
Kathleen had a very big metal bat. She was given it by her father. One day, the bat went missing. Kathleen searched everywhere. Eventually, Kathleen found it in the bedroom.
Roy went to the park to watch Little League baseball. He began to heckle the team from out of town. The parents of the boys thought it was funny. They all joined in and heckled the visiting team. The visiting team developed performance issues as a result.
Tony's friends were going to the movies. They were all going see a horror movie. Tony's parents didn't allow him to see the movie. Tony was embarrassed he wasn't allowed to go. He lied and told his friends that he was going to be out of town.
Sam heard a rustling sound in the cupboard. She assumed the mouse had returned. She set out a trap with a dab of peanut butter and waited. Sam heard a loud snap. She tossed the dead mouse into the trash.
Last year, my special needs son went trick or treating. This was his first time to go trick or treating on his own. I watched from a distance as he used sign language to say the words. He was so happy, having gotten lots of candy. The neighborhood was very kind to him that night.
Pete wanted to help his father wash the car. He filled a big bucket with soapy water. He and his father using car brushes wiped all over the car. Pete accidentally spilled the bucket over his father feet. Instead of getting mad his father only laughed about it.
Bob was an unskilled construction laborer. Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills. Bob enrolled in a computer course. Bob enjoyed and excelled at his computer technology courses. Now Bob owns his own internet security firm!
Jane and her husband are expecting a new baby. She had 2 weeks left until her due date. Jane was in a meeting at work when she went into labor. Her contractions were 15 minutes apart. She had the baby that night.
Jim had just gotten a Chia pet. He watered it daily. Then he gave it Chia food. Soon it sprouted green hair! Jim's Chia pet was lush and full!
Clark was at the club. He wanted to hit on girls. He never got up the courage to do it. Eventually he got drunk with his friends instead. He didn't get any girls but still had fun.
Tim was going to his graphic design class. He brought his laptop to show a final presentation. During the presentation the laptop battery died. He left his charger at home, but a classmate had one. Tim borrowed the charger and finished the presentation.
Tommy loved to play video games. He was hoping to get the Super Mario Maker game for Christmas. He put the game on the top of his Christmas list. His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game. Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning!
Alex had to fly to the island. He was nervous. He did not want to be in danger. He was flying a small plane. Unfortunately there was a lot of turbulence.
Brady had a huge test tomorrow. He had stayed up studying as long as he could. He climbed into bed thinking he would get some rest. Brady tossed and turned until the morning light. Brady was not ready for his exam that day!
I always used to be a night owl. I would even do most of my work at nighttime. Ever since moving in with my girlfriend, we always get up early. In theory, I should have gotten used to it pretty quickly. Instead I just feel lethargic and tired most of the time.
Jack wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He went to the flower shop on the corner and bought some pink tulips. He brought the tulips back to his house and put them in water. Jack then called his girlfriend and invited her to stop by. The look of shock on his girlfriend's face made Jack feel satisfied.
Tim had been smoking since he was young. His friends and family begged him to quit. He finally decided to do it. Unfortunately he wasn't able to. He kept trying but constantly failed.
Kate called customer service of her online TV service. They charged her right away when she was to have a trial. But they had no phone number listed. She had to enter her phone number and wait on a phone call. After 5 minutes the phone finally rang.
Gwen and her friends were hanging out at the park. Suddenly some adults came wandering into the area. Gwen could tell they were drunk because they stumbled. Suddenly the two adults began bickering and even fighting. All of the kids felt unsafe and left the park.
He had hardly any money left. He had no job. He had nowhere to go. He would sit on the city bus for hours in order to waste time. Something soon would change, he told himself.
Johnny left his workplace after closing time. He got into his car and drove down the road. Johnny began to notice that traffic was moving slowly. He sat in traffic for an hour before it loosened up. Johnny drove to his house and went to bed.
Gina took a nap while visiting her grandparents. When she awoke she couldn't find her phone. She looked around the room. It wasn't there. Gina tried to remain calm as she thought of a plan to find her phone.
Sally wanted to paint her walls. Her husband didn't want to. She kept asking him. He finally decided to do it. The walls got painted.
Kiley was at the grocery store checking out. The clerk handed her her change and she tried putting it away. As she dug threw her purse, the bag fell. Items scattered everywhere and she tried to gather it all. Finally she managed to locate everything and pick it all up.
My mother had dementia in her last years. One day she had to go to the hospital. She did not know who I was. Later she told my brother a nice man visited her. She was surprised when my brother said the man was her other son.
Tom always had problems with falling asleep at night. His friend recommended he begin exercising. Tom took that advice. Tom began jogging every day. Sure enough, Tom soon began sleeping like a baby!
The battle raged across the castle's interior. Warriors from each side died bravely. They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in. The castle was burning down around them. They were all in danger now.
Nancy loved the swings. Since she was a child she was always on them. Nancy rode the swings next to her friends as well. One day, Nancy fell off the swings. She was hurt and never rode the swings again.
Lisa had jury duty. She went to the courthouse. She went into the courtroom. No one was there! Poor Lisa went the wrong day!
I planted a garden in the spring. It rained a lot that spring. The garden grew really well. In the summer there was a drought so nearly the entire garden died. I planted another garden the next spring.
The family was stuck. The elevator they were on had stopped moving! They pushed the emergency button. Some firemen came to rescue them. They were so happy to be out of the elevator!
Jim works two jobs at two different companies. He has worked two jobs every since he was a teenager. He works, sleeps and saves money because he's too tired to spend it. Jim decided to finally scale it back to just one job. Jim now has lots of money and lots of free time to enjoy his life.
Bill suffers from frequent depressive episodes. His family urges him to seek out help from a doctor. Bill has no motivation to seek out a doctor. His family scheduled him an appointment and took him to the doctor. His doctor gave him medication that helps with all his issues.
Stephanie entered the classroom along with the rest of her classmates. The teacher asked the class to turn in last night's homework. Stephanie pretended not to hear. The teacher repeated herself, noting Stephanie's absent homework. Instead, Stephanie brought the teacher an apple with a hopeful smile.
Roxy didn't feel well. She was also getting fat in the belly area. Roxy realized she could possibly be pregnant. She scheduled an ultrasound with the Doctor. The ultrasound revealed that Roxy is 6 months pregnant.
The woman had her heart broke. She bought her favorite movie. She went home to watch it alone. Her man called to apologize. They watched the movie together.
Eric walked down the street to the store. He saw a red brick in the middle of the sidewalk. Eric picked it up to examine it. He looked around and saw the nearby wall was missing a brick. He tried to wedge it back but it did not fit.
Trina, 12, wanted to be a swimming champion. But she wasn't winning any races. A friend of her family's decided to coach her in swimming. She told Trina her weakness was in her take off, not her swimming. Trina worked on her takeoff and by summer she was winning races.
Jane watched tv in the afternoon. There was a very silly movie playing. The acting was horrible but Jane kept watching. She wasted three hours on the dumb film. Jane hated to admit it, but the plot twist had been a lot of fun!
Harry was invited to play golf with a few friends. But he quickly became bored. He noticed that driving the golf cart was fun. So he ended up driving it instead of playing. Harry was glad he went to the golf course.
My girlfriend hates making phone calls. She always makes me call in her prescriptions for her. I went to go pick up the prescription and they didn't have it. They said they needed her to call them or they couldn't approve it. She made me call and pretend to be her instead.
Herbert got made fun of at school. He applied himself. He went to college. Herbert became President of the United States. Now no one makes fun of Herbert anymore.
When I saw Elena in person, I handed her a diamond necklace. She got excited and hugged me. The rest of the family decided to hand out their presents. My mom also asked Elena about the gift she bought for me. Elena simply gave me a high five.
Sherman and his friends were lighting off fireworks. Sherman got out a big mortar that was illegal in his state. He didn't have a pipe to put it in so he  dug a hole in the ground. When the mortar went off it traveled about five feet into the air. Sherman was blind afterwards and had to get extensive surgery.
I once had a parrot. I had a habit of swearing in the absence of my parents. One day my dad told me he had a question for me. He asked where I picked up such foul language. The bird had been repeating my recently learned swear words.
The people waiting on the platform heard a loud bang. They saw black smoke billowing out of the tunnel. The train had never been late before. The people knew today it was going to be very late. Flames and screams poured equally out of the tunnel.
Ron had always wanted to catch a big marlin. He went fishing with some friends in Hawaii. He threw his line out. Then a bite came on the line. Next thing he knew there was a giant marlin in their boat!
Carly loved playing sports. She bought a football to play with at home. She gathered her friends up and they threw the ball. They played for hours. Carly was happy she had bought the fun new ball.
The baby loved to be fed milk from a bottle. One day his mom forgot to clean his bottle. The baby drank anyways. The baby got sick from a dirty bottle. Now the baby is crying all day long!
Mike called himself the snowball king one day. He made a crown out of snow and wore it. When he saw someone come his way he threw a snowball at them. The person ran away from Mike. Mike laughed at the people he called his snowball peasants.
The company was over their budget. They told their managers to cut cost. The managers reduced hours for the staff. The staff morale went down. Some of the staff decided to quit.
Fran liked to think about her boyfriend. They hadn't seen each other in a year and missed each other. Fran had a lot of good memories. They would be reunited soon. She daydreamed about him until she saw him again.
Randy was out jogging one morning. Then suddenly, the world began to look different. He realized he had lost a contact lens. He went back to check and see if he could find it. Sadly, though, Randy's lens was gone for good.
Juan was ready for the date. He was nervous, but excited. Julia felt the same way. They both went out to dinner at a very nice restaurant. They talked all night and both thought it was the start of something.
I needed to get to the Good Will to make a donation. On the way I saw a hardware store and stopped at it. Then I saw a library and stopped to check out a book. Finally I reached the donation site and did my business there. I could not account for that one simple errand taking me two hours.
Janice is feeling a little hungry. She decides she wants a snack. She eats a great big block of cheddar cheese. Janice feels much more satisfied. She is glad that she doesn't feel hungry any more.
Allison's mom knew that learning to cook was an important skill. She decided that Allison should learn to cook dinner for the family. Allison and her mom found some easy and nutritious recipes. Together they created shopping lists and worked on cooking skills. Soon Allison could shop for and cook many meals without assistance.
Julia wanted to get her license. Today was her testing day. She tried to remain calm and smart the whole time. She was still worried she hadn't passed. Luckily her instructor informed her that she had passed.
Tony found a free coupon for frozen pizza in the mail. So he went to a grocery store to redeem the coupon. The cashier had trouble with the coupon code. And everyone in line was held up for several minutes. Tony felt that the pizza wasn't really free.
Lou owned a pawn shop. A gentleman came in with several electronic devices. Lou was suspicious about the amount of devices the man had. Lou stalled the man while he notified the police. The police found that the items had all been stolen.
Amy and her family were going to Mount Rushmore. Amy wasn't looking forward to being in the car for hours. She sat in the back seat and tried to ignore her brother and sister. Finally when she was about to explode they arrived at Mount Rushmore. Although she was annoyed by the drive she was impressed.
Kayla was a flutist that attended a music school. It was her goal to one day play professionally in an orchestra. One evening, rehearsal was particularly tough. She thought she might leave school because she wasn't good enough. She had a great performance with friends, so she decided to stay.
Tim found a cat on his way home one day. The cat had a collar on it with a phone number. It looked hungry and tired so Tim took it home. He called the owners later in the day. They thanked him and picked up the cat promptly.
Mitchell has always been good at basketball. He decided that he wanted to play football instead. Mitchell learned everything he could about the new sport. He practiced every day. Now, Mitchell is just as good at football as he was at basketball.
The band instructor told the band to start playing. He often stopped the music when players were off-tone. They grew tired and started playing worse after a while. The instructor was furious and threw his chair. He cancelled practice and expected us to perform tomorrow.
Kate had really large breasts. It caused her a lot of back pain. She also got a lot of unwanted attention. Kate decided to get breast reduction surgery. It made a huge difference in her life.
Angie was taking a trip to the beach. She spread out her favorite beach blanket. There was room for her friends and her chair and her picnic basket. When she was ready to go home, she shook out the blanket. She carefully folded it up and put it in her trunk.
Lance was going to make a bet. He was thinking of making it a big one. He was going to bet all of his savings on a Race. The day of the Race is here. Lance crosses the finish line and Wins it all!
Jake loved gambling as much as he hated losing. He and Tom were playing cards. Tom won the hand but was afraid to say so. When he showed his cards, Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat. Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him.
Becca just got done making muffins. They were blueberry her favorite. The opened her mouth and took a big bite out of one. The berries were still hot and it scorched her tongue. Her tongue was numb for several hours.
Andy and Linda went to lunch. After Andy paid for lunch, the two stayed for awhile. Andy felt guilty about taking up the table. He paid the server a 50 percent tip from his guilt. Andy felt better about taking up the table for so long.
Jackson opened up a bag of cheddar chips. He took a bite of one chip and continued to eat it. Unfortunately, he accidentally flipped the bag upside down. It fell on the couch. His mom had a hard time cleaning the cheese on the couch.
Steve had some friends over. At one point he went to the bathroom. It was a huge mess. He asked everyone who did it. Nobody admitted to it and he never found out.
Sam just got back from work. He was really tired from such a busy day. He was about to watch TV when his boss called him. He had to work overtime tonight. Sam was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned.
Elliot's class was headed into St Louis for a field trip. Elliot planned to go to the St Louis Arch during their free time. He had always been interested in architecture. But when he arrived, he saw that it was closed for maintenance. He was heartbroken that his sight seeing would have to wait.
My friend Nancy tried to make fun of me in class. She even slapped me for no reason. Since I was in a bad mood that day, I screamed at her. She was confused, but apologized. I explained my reason for being mad and she understood.
Gio loved making extra money. He spent all day working for a big company. In the evening Gio would work on his own business. One night his business got a huge client. Now Gio is able to quit his day job!
Greg had a date. He took her to see a new movie. They held hands and shared a popcorn. When the movie was over, they went to have coffee. They talked about the plot and the special effects.
Lindsay invited two relatives who did not get along to her wedding. She stressed about the possible implications of this. She decided it would be best to seat these people far apart. Lindsay weighed options and decided to hope for the best. The two relatives had no issue with each other and it went fine.
When my elderly 2nd cousin died, she left behind two birds. The birds were peach-faced lovebirds, and they were given to me. I had a cage in my bedroom, but the birds frequently escaped. I chased them into the living room to try to close them off. I caught them while they sat on high shelves in the bookcase.
Jim met a girl named Nancy who was a vegetarian. Jim told Nancy he shared her views about eating meat. He ordered the vegetarian plate when they went out to eat. He arrived home feeling hungry and unsatisfied. Nancy found Jim in the closet eating lunchmeat.
Sarah didn't have a lot of friends growing up. When she got old, she was suddenly very pretty. She married a famous actress. Suddenly, everyone wanted to be her friend. But Sarah knew who her true friends were.
Kay's vision had begun to deteriorate. She asked her daughter to buy her a magnifying glass. Her daughter found a large magnifying glass on Amazon. She gave the magnifying glass to Kay. Now Kay can read the small print on her prescription bottles.
Jill was waiting for her train. She decided to play a game on her smartphone. By the time she was done, she noticed she missed her train. Jill had to catch the next train 20 minutes later. Jill arrived to work a little late due to missing the train.
Linda had gone on vacation. She got to the hotel. Linda began to unpack her bags. Linda realized she forgot a swimsuit. Linda went to the store to buy a swimsuit.
Susan wanted to volunteer at a nursing home. Susan's mom took her to a nursing home near their house. Susan filled out an application to volunteer. The director showed them around the building. Susan's first day of volunteering is next week.
Tom was the proud owner of a Siberian Husky. One day the dog escaped from his home. Tom was distraught. Tom asked his friend to help find the dog. They searched for hours and eventually found the hound.
I was driving to my friends house one day. While driving on the road, I saw flashing lights. I pulled over and cops walked to my window to my surprise. They told me I was speeding and I apologized. They gave me a warning and then let me go.
The bus took off slowly. The driver was very old. She wondered if they would make it on time. He took turns very slowly. He got there ten minutes late.
I discovered banh mi in 2005. They are cheap and tasty Vietnamese sub sandwiches. I convinced my workers to try them out. One worker loved them, but another almost threw up. I stopped buying them after gaining weight.
I was over my friends house last night. We were talking on her porch out back. I took my phone out of my pocket to show her a picture. I dropped it and the screen cracked and it was unusable. That's why I'm asking to borrow your phone.
Jack bought an 80 inch Sharp brand TV for $4000. The TV was a 1080p set with a great picture. At the 23 month point, the TV picture failed. The set could not be repaired. It was out of warranty and Jack had to have the set hauled off.
Angus was an archer in a competition. He was in second place going into the final round. The bow he picked up to shoot with was from his father. He made three shots and they all were bull's-eyes. Angus took first place and the performance was never forgotten.
James was out on his daily run. He was deeply focused on the music playing in his ears. Suddenly he spots a red wolf and the red wolf spots him. They both stand still in their tracks. James makes a run for it and the red wolf watches from afar.
Gina wanted to go in the woods. His mother told him not to. Gina did it anyways. Night fell and she was lost. So, a wolf started to chase her.
Leroy was desperate for money Nobody would loan him any. He went to a loan shark. He wasn't able to pay him back. Eventually he got into a lot of legal trouble.
Mandy was trying to buy her son a birthday gift. She knew one she wanted but it was a couple of dollars too much. She tried to find the best cheaper alternative. It began to seem like there were no good toys. Suddenly she saw the perfect affordable toy.
Ginger was trying to vacuum up her floors. At first she thought it was working normally. Soon she realized nothing was being sucked up. She checked the vacuum and found a huge block of junk. After cleaning it out her vacuum felt much better.
Betsy had an important job interview. She had bought a new suit. During the interview, she realized her pen had leaked. It had smeared all over her shirt! Embarrassed, Betsy was so relieved when she got the job anyway.
Abbey was walking through the park one day. Suddenly a flurry of dogs ran past her, knocking her over. A man holding a dog leash helped her to stand up. He introduced himself as the dog walker, and struck up a nice chat. After awhile, the two exchanged numbers and promised to meet up.
Patty was on a hike in the woods. She had always been in this area but all of a sudden a bear appeared. Patty was scared but remained calm. She made loud noises to scare the bear away. The bear ran away and Patty ran back home.
Walter had a strong disdain for the immigrant policies in his country. Walter decided to run for office. He made some great speeches. This caused him to get plenty of votes. Walter was successfully voted into office.
There was a cooking contest to raise money for the school. Martha submitted her famous stew. Jane submitted a strange black goo. The judges ruled that the stew beat the goo. Martha celebrated by playing on her kazoo.
Avi was doing a science fair project on global warming. She researched her topic thoroughly. Then she made a colorful diagram about it. She presented her data and charts at the science fair. The judges loved it so much, they gave Avi first prize!
John wanted to take his wife out for a special evening. He picked her up at work and took her for a drink. He then took her to a nice restaurant that served her favorite food. She was so happy, she wanted to do the same for him. And at the next opportunity, she bought football tickets for him.
Alicia Keys is a very talented r&b music artist. She recently made a cd with songs produced by Swizz Beatz. Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well. The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant. Before giving birth, the two were married and are very much in love.
I didn't get any messages for several days. Nobody I sent a text to answered back. I took my son to his speech therapist one day. Just as I got to the parking lot, texts started flooding in. I got everyone's texts at the same time.
Emily had a big bag of garbage. She carried it outside to the garbage can. Just before she got there, the bag burst. Emily was disgusted. She threw the trash into the can and ran to clean off.
Last night I was walking home from a party. The weather was bad so I took a shortcut through an alley. Mid-way through the alley a man with a knife demanded my wallet. I handed him my wallet and he ran away. I didn't mind so much since I always keep my cash in my pocket.
Bob stopped at a tree farm to get a tree for his family. He put the tree onto his car and drove home. After unloading the tree, and bring it in, they saw it was too tall. Bob brought it back outside and trimmed it with a chainsaw. When he brought it back inside, it fit nicely inside the house.
Gary was a teacher. He needed school supplies for his class. He couldn't afford it, though. He asked the parents to donate supplies. None of the parents sent in supplies.
Roger was at red light when another car pulled up beside him. The man the other car revved his engine in challenge to Roger. When the light turned green Roger raced the man. Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement. Roger learned his lesson and never raced again.
Jon took his partner Libby and daughter Freya to the beach. It was meant to be sunny but when they got there it was raining. Freya was sad she couldn't play in the sand. Jon found an indoor play area nearby that had a sandpit. Freya spent all afternoon building sandcastles and was very happy.
Marjorie sold flavored toothpicks for a living. One day, a customer came to her shop screaming. He'd accidentally bought jalapeno-flavored ones that burned his mouth. Marjorie let him choose 3 packs of his choice to compensate. The man calmed down and became her best customer.
Terry was feeling lonely. Nobody had invited him to hang out lately. Finally someone messaged him on Facebook. They asked why he wasn't answering his calls. Terry's phone had been off.
My husky mix recently started panting for no reason. We tried everything, but nothing seemed to make her feel better. Finally, we gave up and took her to the vet. They ran a test for heartworms, which came back negative. Eventually, they decided the fleas she's had were stressing her out.
One of Bob's favorite Christmas traditions was the egg nog. It was only available around the holidays which made it extra special. Yesterday he was at the grocery store and saw it was for sale. He knew the holidays were here when he saw it. He took four cartons home with him that day.
Ron had been dating Melanie for six months. He was eager to propose but he feared she'd say no. He took her to dinner and fidgeted nervously. Finally he summoned up enough nerve to pop the question. And to his shocked joy, Melanie accepted joyously!
Robert had to write an essay for his history class. He decided to write an essay about the Civil War. He did no research and made up the whole essay. The teacher gave him a bad grade on his essay. Robert decided to work harder on essays from then on.
It was Tina's graduation. She was graduating from high school. She was nervous she would trip. And in fact she did. Tina made a gaffe in front of everyone.
James and five of his friends went camping for the weekend. They decided to tell ghost stories over a campfire. James told a scary story about a murderer that lived in a forest. Nobody could sleep that night because of the story. The following morning, everyone was too tired to go hiking.
Tom had an old pair of jeans. They got a bunch of holes in them. Tom decided to patch them up. He got different matching ones. Tom's friends have him lots of compliments on them.
Marianne was beautiful but had a crooked tooth when she smiled. She went to the dentist and he put wires in her mouth. For many years she didn't want to smile. In fact she hid her teeth with all her might. When the wire came out, she grinned so much, her teeth gleamed.
Edna had bought some bread. She hadn't eaten any bread since she bought it. The bread was starting to get stale. She didn't want the bread to go to waste. Edna made a bread pudding.
Desmin suffers from depression. Today, it was hard to get out of bed. It was hard to do anything. Desmin felt like he didn't have any energy. He laid in bed all day and stared at the wall.
Christina loves technology. She reads technology blogs in her free time. Her friends and family know that she likes getting new tech. Her best friend decided to surprise her with a new camera. Christina was very happy with her new high-tech camera.
Jack was lonely after his parents' divorce. His mom got a great idea. She took him to the pet store as a surprise. He picked out a black kitten with white feet. He named it Boots.
Poor Billy girlfriend broke up with him today. Billy was sad and asked his friends for help. His friends throw him a party to forgot about her. He has the time of his life that night! Billy is now happy and grateful for such great friends.
Katie really wanted to be a vegan. She hated how animals were treated. She decided to cut everything cold turkey. Ultimately it was too much for Katie. Katie then ended up stopping veganism.
Rachel went to the animal shelter to look at animals. She fell in love with a black lab. She thought about adopting the dog. Rachel then remembered how busy she is. She had to walk away and leave the dog there.
Sandra adopted a new dog. Her family fell in love when they saw him. They decided to name him Rover. They played with him all night. The dog passed out on the living room floor after all that playing.
Barbara had played the lottery for the past decade. She played the same numbers every drawing. One night as Barbara watched the lotto numbers being drawn. As Barbara looked down at her ticket she realized she had won. Barbara lived the rest of her life in the lap of luxury.
Blake was ready to move from his home state. He was dating a girl who moving back to her home state soon. Blake loved the girl and was willing to move with her. He packed up all his stuff and moved his whole life. Unfortunately after three months the girl broke up with him.
I took Megan shopping at Target. I was buying some food for her, to help out. We filled the shopping basket full of groceries for her house. Megan kept on grabbing items like makeup and lipgloss. I went way over budget because Megan didn't care how much I spent!
Andy was enjoying a relaxing day, when his phone rang. Andy answered the phone, and was immediately angered. Andy knew the caller was a telemarketer trying to sell him a vacation. Andy listened, and told the telemarketer to not call him anymore. Andy was frustrated that his relaxing day was interrupted by the call.
Candace was planning on making a salad full of veggies. She went to her produce drawer expecting to find fresh items. Instead she found all of her vegetables had spoiled. She realized she had left old food in the drawer. The older food had contaminated the vegetables and ruined them.
Earl was feeling bad because he was single on Valentine's Day. Earl called his friend to invite him for drinks. Earl's friend accepted his invitation, and met at the bar. At the bar, Earl and his friend met two beautiful ladies. Earl was feeling better about Valentine's Day this year.
Tom was drunk at the bar. Another guy was also drunk. They bumped into each other and exchanged words. Within seconds both were throwing punches. Tom and the other guy were kicked out.
Paul was cold while he walked home. He saw a red scarf in the distance wrapped around a tree. He walked over to it and looked at it. It seemed someone left it here for whatever reason. Paul decided to leave it there and keep walking home.
Nancy was doing a family tree for a school project. She asked her mother for help. Her mother told her all about her grandparents and their family. Mary sat carefully while listening and taking notes. She realized her heritage was bigger than she had assumed.
Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia. He'd never been to one before. Dan was captivated by the dancers. He was thrilled by the show. Dan started going to performances every chance he got.
Emily was a Cross Country runner. She liked to run long distances up to 10 miles. One day, Emily's car broke down. Emily needed to get to work. Emily decided to run to a friend's house to borrow their extra car.
Greg was eating at a restaurant. But his meal was so large. He quickly became full. But he wanted to finish his meal. Greg realized it would have been better not to finish it.
Elia made a bracelet out of string and beads. She gave the bracelet to her best friend. Her best friend lost the bracelet one week later. Her friend was very upset that she lost the bracelet. Ella made her another bracelet so she would feel better.
Devlin woke up for school on Monday. He got dressed and left, fearing he would be late. When he arrived, no one was there. It was a school holiday and he had forgotten. In fact, he was a whole day early for school.
Maggie and her parents decided to go to Disney world. Maggie had never been before. She was excited to meet all the characters and have fun. Once she got there, her favorite part was the parade. Maggie did not want to leave.
Lars took off his glasses. He had a headache. He looked at the computer too long. He went to the bedroom to lie down and rest his eyes. He fell asleep by accident and woke up at 4 am.
John was a college student. John's throat became very sore. John was worried because he had little money. He was happy to learn he could see the University doctor for free. John saw the doctor and was soon healed.
Jeb was hungry so he decided to make a pizza. He bought the dough, sauce and cheese. He then realized he did not have an oven! He cried to himself. Then he decided to order from a pizza parlor!
Bill was turning 40 years old. He wanted to try something new and exciting. He decided to go skydiving on his birthday. He took a video of him skydiving. Afterwards, he uploaded the video on Facebook and Instagram.
I decided to move out of my parent's house. I only had a few thousand dollars. I rented an apartment. After many months I realized I didn't have enough money. I was forced to move back in with my parents.
Manuel wanted to start his online singing career. He made himself a website about his talents. He started a YouTube channel to post his videos. He bought a microphone and recorded some songs. The videos got a middling response at best and discouraged him.
Olive was watching her son play in the yard. Suddenly the little boy picked up a handful of dirt. He threw the dirt in the air like confetti, getting it in his hair. Olive tried to pick all of the dirt out but it was useless. She had to throw her son in the bath to clean him up.
Patrick had a job interview. He put on a nice shirt and selected a tie. The problem was, he didn't know how to tie it. Patrick shrugged and tied it just like shoe laces. Patrick looked ridiculous and the interviewer didn't hire him.
I met my girlfriend two years ago. We were both shopping for shoes at the mall. I bumped into her in the shoe store. We bumped into each other so hard we dropped the shoes we had. What a crazy coincidence!
Billy was very hungry. He went to the hot dog stand. He then realized he had no money. He started to cry. The salesman decided to give him a free hotdog.
Jeff had just got his first car. He was out on drive when his oil light came on. Jeff ignored it and kept driving. After a while his engine started to smoke and quit working. Jeff learned the hard way that you have to do maintenance.
Teresa had not gone to the dentist in a long time. She decided to go to a dentist that had advertised a cleaning special. The dentist told her she had ten cavities. Teresa was upset, and went to get a second opinion. When the other dentist told her she had no cavities, Teresa was happy!
Adam was preparing meat for a dinner. He cut the meat. He accidentally cut his finger also. He tried to find some bandage. He used a kitchen towel instead.
Lindy and Joe went to a remote area to look at the stars. There was no light pollution, so they had a great view. They went to return to their car and realized it was too dark. They couldn't find their way to the path. They had to wait in the dark until the sun finally came up.
Every day when Aaron gets home from work, he is very tired. His young dog always wants to play, go for walks and be active. A new family moved in next door, and the young boy was bored. Aaron asked the boy if he'd like to play with the dog in the evening. The neighbor boy and the dog now spend a lot of fun time together.
Emily loved software engineering. Emily spent a lot of time learning how to do it. After lots of practice she became quite good. She applied for a job as a software engineer. Now she owns her own software engineering company.
I have always been thin. Other women are jealous of my weight. I gained weight by building muscle mass. Now I am very strong. I am happy with my body.
Tom was drunk at a party. He told a friend a dark secret. The friend promised never to tell. Within weeks everyone knew. Tom had to stop talking to his friends.
I was looking into the room. All the sudden the light went out. It was unfortunate. Thankfully I had backup. So I was quickly able to solve the issue.
Kelsey knew she wouldn't like the dinner that was being cooked. Her mother was preparing a new dish. When she got her plate, she gave it a good look. Her mother scolded her and made her try the new dish. Kelsey tried it and actually begged for a second helping of it.
Joe hated singing at school. Everyone wanted him to sing. Joe refused. One day a cute girl named Tracy asked him to sing. After that Joe always sang in school.
Sam went on a fishing trip with Roy. Sam got a bite and told Roy to get the net. Roy rushed up too quick and fell into the lake. Sam laughed as the fish let go of his line. The two men returned home with no fish.
On my Navy ship, we'd often see dolphins. They'd play near the bow when we were close to shore. We left our homeport once, and dozens of dolphins cavorted up front. The man steering the ship tried to avoid them. The Captain became angry and relieved him of duty.
Sally was emptying out the cat litter. Her cat started to claw at her. Her cat scratched her hands multiple times. Sally's hand started to swell. Sally had to go to the emergency room to get an antibiotic shot.
Mark wants to be a doctor real bad. He's trying to decide where to get his degree from. He is quickly finding out how expensive this will be. He will have a lot of student loans. Mark decides it's worth it because he really wants to do this.
Tom was hiking in the woods. He noticed some rustling in the bushes. There was a bear. Tom wanted to get a picture with it. Unfortunately the bear ran off.
Ben liked to eat a lot. One day he ate way too much. And his belly started to ache. His mom gave him some calcium tablets. He felt better later that day.
Ally couldn't afford to buy a dress for the school dance. Her grandmother helped her make one. Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress. A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was. They all thought it was and expensive store bought dress.
Moving has always been a struggle for me. We moved into our new house across the country last year. I just got a new job and am starting to enjoy my time. After one of my shifts I came home and see firetrucks. Panicking, I rush down my street and see my house on fire.
Nick really wanted to go to Japan. He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country's culture. He had been saving for 2 Years to get his plane tickets to go there. His trip was life-changing, and he decided to move there permanently. Although his family was devastated, he realized this was best for him.
Timothy was at the zoo with his daughter Lydia. He was taking a picture of her standing in front of the lion cage. Suddenly, the lion charged at the glass. Timothy jumped as the lion opened its mouth wide. Everyone laughed as the lion hit the glass and ran in pain.
I used to be scared to share my feelings. Sadly, I fell in love then told the world. My love was rejected, stomped on and threw to the wind. I discovered good feelings make your skin shine. Did I mention I'm glowing all the time now?
Greg needed a new photo. He needed it for his professional website. He hired a photographer. It ended up being short and cheap. He had a great photo.
Jim took the stage at his school's talent show. He silenced the crowd and doffed his hat. Jim plunged his hand into his hat and looked surprised. He removed his hand and brandished a white rabbit. The crowd cheered and begged Jim for more.
David loved playing the guitar. He decided to attend the music academy, and got a degree. After graduation, David opened a music store. The music store was a big success. David was pleased with his career choice in music.
Jessica and Brian had a pet tarantula. They kept it in a small plastic case in the living room. One day, they woke to find their house on fire. They lost almost everything, but found the plastic case undamaged. The tarantula was nowhere to be found after the fire.
My son doesn't sleep very good. Last night was certainly no exception. He tossed and turned all night, wanting to nurse very frequently. I maybe got about 3 hours of sleep total. This momma is very tired today.
Katie had gotten her son a tent for his birthday. One day, she was cleaning his room. She saw that the tent looked odd and went to fix it. That's when she realized that it was broken. She scolded her son and took the tent away.
Ivan put five hundred dollars into the stock market. His shares rose in value. Ivan decided not to sell yet. Then the shares declined steeply! Ivan lost all of his money.
Ivy's mom took her for a pedicure. At first Ivy was nervous. She'd never shown her feet before! But as the pedicure progressed, she relaxed. Ivy ended up looking forward to her NEXT pedicure!
The gymnast was competing for a gold medal. She was ahead of her competition by a tiny margin. She focused intensely when she was going to do her routine. She executed her dismount perfectly. She had won the gold medal!
Don was driving to work. The bridge ahead of him was closed. The workers told Don that the bridge would be out for a month. Don planned an alternate route. Don took the alternate route for the month the bridge was out.
Tiffani was starting school. It was her first day of junior high. She was very nervous about how she would fit in. All of the kids were also nervous. They all loosened up as the day went on.
Francisco hadn't seen his mother in Years. He saved up money diligently for the flight to her home in Iowa. Finally the day had come for Francisco to fly to Iowa. He and his mother were very happy to see each other. Francisco promised he would never wait so long to see her again.
Beth dreamed of being a movie star. She finally decided to move to Hollywood. She auditioned many films and commercials. Finally after all her failures Beth got a call. She was being cast into a star tv show role!
Simon had a bad habit of procrastinating when it came to laundry. One morning, he realized he had nothing clean to wear. He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work. Embarrassed, he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on. He tried to avoid colleagues, knowing he'd never ignore laundry again.
The dog sat under the tree to hide from the rain. It hadn't seen it's owners in an hour. Every time it heard an approaching car it felt hope. The dog was getting hungry and cold. When it saw it's owners car the dog was very happy.
My old printer broke recently. I decided to get a new one today. I went to the local office supply store. I found one on sale that was perfect for my needs. I bought it and drove back home to install it.
I got great nail art the other day. I went to the salon to get it done. I waited hours. When it was done it looked great. I was thrilled.
Kelly had a serious fear of flying, so she always avoided airplanes. After starting a new job, she was told she'd have to travel for work. She confided in her boss, and he suggested trying hypnotherapy. Kelly had several sessions with the hypnotherapist, which helped. Thanks to the treatment, Kelly was able to fly without panicking.
Gary loved gorillas so he planned a trip to the zoo. He invited his friends to go along and they wound up declining. While at the zoo Gary saw the gorillas but quickly got bored. He wandered into the reptile house and was amazed at the creatures. Gary wound up walking away with a newfound love of reptiles.
Kelly had long, naturally curly blonde hair. Erika offered to trim an inch or two off for her. Erika kept cutting and cutting, until she had cut at least 6" off. Kelly was very upset and had to have a professional stylist fix it. Her hair has grown out but it is no longer naturally curly.
When he was little Carlos father took him to the Grand Canyon. It was his father's favorite place. Carlos father died but before he died he told Carlo to cremate him. Then throw the ashes in the Grand Canyon. That's exactly what Carlos did.
Courbin was about to turn two. For his birthday, his family took him to chuck e cheese. Courbin ate pizza. He played games for hours. Afterwards, they went home completely exhausted.
Jake was about to park near a store. All of a sudden another car pulled up. The other car took Jake's spot. Jake had to park further away. ON the way into the store Jake keyed the other car's side.
Tom wanted a way to interact with his crush. Tom decided to ask her to play a game. Tom suggested Connect Four. She agreed. Tom played connect four with this new friend.
Don wanted to stop by the hardware store on Wednesday. He got out of work at 4 PM. He knew the store closed at 5. He boarded a bus bound for the hardware store. He arrived with twenty minutes to spare, but the store closed early.
Kate wanted to play soccer in a league. But her mom did think she was ready. Finally she let her join. She played hard in the first game. Through Kate's fatigue she realized her mom was right.
After nearly a year with our internet provider we decided to switch. My family wasn't sure which one to change to, so I researched it. I found a really good internet provider with cheap prices! We called them the next day and set up an appointment. After everything was set up we were very excited about the provider.
Benton was spending his morning at the farmer's market. He browsed through fruits, veggies, and local craft. Benton enjoys supporting local business. He filled bags with fruit and vegetables. Benton considers this a fruitful trip.
Jan's mom let her tag along to a shower for a new baby. All the guests were gushing at pictures of the baby. Jan saw the pictures and made a face. Her mom yanked Jan's arm and gave her a look. Jan wondered why she was supposed to pretend the baby was cute.
Samantha was listening to her iPod. She noticed that her headphones were starting to cut out. For a minute, they stopped working and she thought they were done for. After twisting it around she was able to restore the sound. She had to hold it very specifically to keep it working, though.
Brian is a photographer for a local newspaper. Brian became bored with his job and was considering a change. Brian decided to keep his job and begin a side business. Brian gathered his past works and created a website. Brian successfully started selling his photographs online.
Janet the ice sculpture was commissioned to do a job for a party. She was a fraud that just poured water in a special mold. No one at the party suspected her treachery when she arrived. Once she was paid, Janet confessed to the whole room. No one really seems to care.
Today I bought a large bag of chips. I was excited to eat them. But then I realized how unhealthy they were. I decided I wasn't going to eat them anymore. So I threw them all away.
Leo felt stabbing pain in his mouth. He scratched and clawed at his tooth, but it did no good. He scheduled an appointment with the dentist. Leo used clove oil to make the pain tolerable. The dentist pulled the problematic tooth and ended his pain.
The couple was renovating their kitchen. The wife wanted marble floors. They installed them and she regretted it immediately. The floors were so hard to keep clean! She decided she would go back to wood floors when she could afford it.
Whitney was skeptical. Her friends had taken her to talk to a psychic. The psychic kept getting things wrong. Whitney knew it had been a waste of her time. She told her friends never to do that again.
Jan and Joe won a three-legged race. Their prize was a new mountain bike. They tried to decide who deserved the bike more. At first they bickered. Then they agreed to share the bike evenly!
Riley is having a hard time in high school. She is failing many classes. She decides it's better if she drops out. So she drops out of school and takes a job. She starts her work at a fast food restaurant and never looks back.
Victoria was in the park with her friends. They had been smoking marijuana illegally. Suddenly, a cop walked up to them. Victoria was terrified that she was about to be caught. Luckily, he was just asking about a missing girl.
Greg wanted to beat Charles in the hundred yard dash. Greg attended more track team practices than Charles. One evening Charles bragged about being on team but not practicing. So Greg challenged Charles to a race. Greg beat Charles and the win felt great, Greg said.
John bought a new camera. It broke within a couple of months. He called customer service to get things resolved. They were no help at all. John never bought that brand again.
Gina was cleaning her room. There were clothes all over the place. She couldn't tell what was clean or dirty. She spent an hour and a half just cleaning the room. When she was done she was too tired to do the laundry.
Emily has a brother that likes to come into her room. Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room. Last week, Emily got mad at her brother for barging in. She yelled at him for a whole hour. Emily's brother learned his lesson about knocking before entering.
Amy and her niece and nephew had been for a long walk. The children had a leaf fight that fall afternoon. When they returned to her mother's the kids ate dinner. Amy was surprised to see they had fallen asleep soon after eating. She went to say goodbye and removed a leaf still in her niece's hair.
The Thomas Family invited over the neighbors for dinner They loved being courteous and inviting over neighbors They made a wonderful Roast Beef dinner The neighbors came over at around 6 pm They all greatly enjoyed the dinner
Tom made an elaborate costume for Halloween. He wore it to work on the day they were allowed to. His office had a small costume contest. Tom won first place easily. Everyone praised him on a good job.
Edan played his record backwards. He heard a message. He wrote down the message. He sent the message to a friend. His friend replied back with the record title.
It was the first day that Jeb was using the forklift on his own. He lifted the pallet of juice cans high up. As he drove to the drop location he put on the brakes too hard. As the forklift bobbled, the pallet fell into a cooler box. The cans breaking open made it a very large juice box now.
It was Martha's dream to become a doctor. She studied really hard in med school. Afterwards, she completed her residency. She was able to finally get her license after years of hard work. Her parents were really proud of her accomplishments.
Marge had a pet pig named Maggie. She thought the pig would stay little and cute. She was wrong the pig grew to be 350 pounds! Marge decided to be a responsible pet owner and still loved Maggie. She kept Maggie until she passed away.
Johnson wanted to go to Egypt to see the pyramids one day. This was always a dream of his so he was pretty determined to go. He finally made a plan and saved up some money so he could go. When he booked his flight and hotel he asked us for recommendations. We didn't really have any for him, so he just went with his gut!
Betty was walking through the park when she dropped her phone. As she leaned down to retrieve it she noticed a wallet. Picking it up, she could already tell that it was stuffed full. She debated keeping the wallet, but decided to turn it in. The owner was so grateful he gave her one of his gift cards.
Charles complained to his coworker that Regina was uncooperative. But the coworker thought Regina was easy to work with. Charles and his coworker switched shifts so he could work with Regina. The coworker wanted to take a break and Regina started arguing. He e-mailed Charles and the boss saying Regina was contentious.
My family stayed in a hotel for a week while our car was repaired. All of our clothes and belongings were in the car in the shop. We had to buy new clothes for the week. We had to eat out for every meal. By the time our transmission was fixed, we had no money left.
Kobe was a high school student and on the basketball team. Kobe wanted to be the best basketball player on his team. Kobe trained hard for hours on end. Kobe's skill improved drastically. Kobe eventually played for the NBA.
Amy worked at a grocery store. She was a cashier, but she was being moved to the service desk. Amy had to learn how to make keys. The process was simple enough as long as you chose the right key. Her first key Amy used the wrong blank, and had to start over.
Margo was desperate to quit smoking. Although she had tried many times to quit, she never succeeded. She opted to ask her pharmacist for advice. He recommended smoking patches. Margo gave them a try and was successful in quitting smoking.
Anna was given her cousin's hamster when her cousin got sick of it. She decided to give it a bigger tank and a happier home. The first thing she did was get it an exercise wheel. Immediately, the hamster started running on it happily. Anna was glad she'd given the hamster some entertainment!
Sue loved to play the guitar. She practiced everyday at night. She eventually got good enough to start a band. She called her band The Sue Birds. She traveled all over the United States on a tour bus.
Tara was bored. She decided to rent a movie. She looked through all of the options in Redbox. She found something she hadn't seen before. She popped it in and started to relax.
Sonya was embarrassed about being a nerd. She really liked anime. Sonya decided to join the anime club at her school. Everyone there was also a nerd. Sonya was happy to connect with people like her.
My wife bought me a bike in 2000. It was a one speed fat tired bike. We live in a small condo so it was hard to hide the bike. She stored it on a neighbor's porch until my birthday. I rode the bike for several years until it gave out.
Amy was a new driver. She was in high school and only worked part time. Amy wanted to buy gas but wanted to go where she knew it was cheap. On the way her car ran out of gas. Amy's father was furious he had to bring her gas.
I wanted some exercise. So I grabbed my bike. I filled the tires. I oiled the chain. The I remembered the three feet of snow outside.
Three months ago, Jim met a woman in a bar. The couple got along very well. They went back to the woman's house and had unprotected sex. Two months later, Jim went to the doctor because he was feeling ill. The doctor diagnosed him with HIV.
My friend missed class today. He said that there was a reason, but I don't believe him. He asked me for my notes. I did not want to give them to him. I eventually caved and gave him my notes.
Sue was in her car listening to the radio. A song came on that she really liked. Sue reached for the dial to turn it up. The dial broke off in her hand. She was sad about breaking her radio.
Penny lost her hairbrush. She looked everywhere in her apartment. She looked in her purse. When she couldn't find it, she knocked on her neighbor's door. She borrowed her hairbrush and was very thankful.
Rex worked for a company that molded plastic. A company ordered half a million pen caps from them. Rex lamented not getting the deal for the pens themselves. He did good work organizing and manufacturing the caps. Rex's company got the actual pen deal the next time.
Pat went to brush his hair with his favorite brush. The brush was full of old hair from previous brushings. Before he brushed his hair, he cleaned out the old hair. He tossed the old hair into a garbage can. Pat brushed his hair and cleaned it right afterwards again.
Julie wants to start losing weight and gaining muscle faster. She decides to hire a personal trainer to work with her at the gym. While having a trainer is expensive, Julie is happy with the results. She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible. Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note.
Joel owned a bar. Sales had been slow at the bar. Joel decided to start having a ladies night. More customers came to the bar. Joel's bar started to make more sales.
Will wanted to serve his country, the United States. Will signed up for military service. Will ground it out through boot camp and basic training. Will was deployed overseas to Afghanistan. Will served two tours and is now a decorated officer.
I took my friend to a restaurant for breakfast. We ate smoked sausages, eggs, pancakes, and more items. In addition, he treated me to dinner at a lobster shack. I came home with a stomach ache. I missed work the next morning since I wasn't able to walk.
I had been crushing on one girl for a long time. I finally worked up the courage to talk to her. I saw her in the hallway and asked her out. Unfortunately, she turned me down. I went home that day feeling pretty blue.
Since I was a child, I dreamed of being a pilot. On my thirtieth birthday, my wife got me flying lessons. I started my flying lessons and loved them. Over the next few Year's, I got very good at flying. On my fortieth birthday, I decided to leave my job and become a pilot.
Tom and his wife Jen got lost on their vacation. Jen insisted that Tom ask someone for directions. Tom refused to ask for directions. Their car eventually ran out of gas and they were stranded. Tom realized he should have asked for directions.
Tommy was always told to never watch a particular movie. His parents never told him why. So he decided to watch it. It had horrible violence in it. So Tommy, had plenty of nightmares that night.
Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden. When they became ripe he picked them. Ian went to his kitchen to make sauce. The sauce tasted hotter than in previous years. Ian needed a minute to cool down after tasting it.
Josh was taking a cooking class. He learned how to cook a variety of dishes. Josh planned a date at his home with his girlfriend. He cooked her a large meal. His girlfriend was impressed with her cooking skills.
Tom wanted to prank call his friend, George. Tom called him. George seemed to be buying it. George knew the entire time that it was Tom Tom was disappointed and decided to work on his fake accent better.
Ann had studied all weekend for the math test. However, after taking it she started to doubt herself. After a while, she was convinced she'd failed. On Friday, the teacher passed the graded tests out. Ann was happy and relieved to see she'd gotten a perfect score.
Tanya had been having stomach pains all morning. She was feeling very nervous about her health. Soon she was ready to call a doctor for some help. Suddenly, she went to the bathroom and discovered her period had come. Luckily, her pains only lasted for a couple more days.
Pam was having a party at her salon last Saturday. She invited all her closest friends. Lucy however was not invited. When Lucy found out she wasn't invited, she was furious. As a result, Lucy decided to end their friendship.
Maggie went to her favorite shop's annual sale. She bought a lot of products for cheap. Maggie tried to resell what she bought in a Facebook group. People called her out for reselling stuff for more than she bought it. Maggie ended up with way too much stuff.
I was moving into my dorm room across the state. We all took a roadtrip to it with my stuff. It was a long drive so everyone took turns driving. When we were close I navigated my parents to the dorm. After we made it there everyone helped me unpack and they left!
Ben was a saxophone player. He went to a saxophone competition. While he played a drop from the ceiling landed on his head. He hesitated for a moment. But he finished his playing.
Sam was drunk at the bar. He kept hitting on girls that weren't interested. He was cut off at the bar. Eventually he got too loud and rowdy. They had to kick him out.
Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck. One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck. She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.
Hank liked dark chocolate. And he read that it was healthy to eat. So he decided to it more often. However, he noticed his dark chocolate bars had lots of fat. And Hank's dream of eating dark chocolate all the time was destroyed.
Dan wanted to build an add on to his house. When he went to expand the foundation he found a problem. The ground where he wanted to build was too soggy! Dan called in a local company to sort it out for him. They told him there was nothing they could do about it.
On his birthday Jordan receives a pair of binoculars. His father also takes him out bird watching to bond with him. Together they record a number of different birds in the area. Before they had to go home they found a rare bird to watch. As they drove home they joked about the experience together.
I was in the cafeteria for lunch one afternoon. I started a food fight. After ducking under the desk, I threw a plate of food across the room. I got lifted by the back of my shirt and carried out of the cafeteria. Then I got suspended from school for two weeks.
Ryan wanted to treat his friends. He bought dominos for delivery. His friends each paid a dollar for the tip though. They ate pizza. Everyone liked it.
Mikey went hunting for the first time with his grandpa. Mikey and his grandpa saw a deer walk in front of them in a meadow. Mikey sighted the deer in with his gun. Mikey felt bad for the deer though, and couldn't pull the trigger. The deer suddenly ran away and Mikey was relieved.
Beth was having a lot of heartache over something she had done. She felt extreme guilt that was interfering with her life. Beth was told she should go to a therapist and talk about it. At the therapist, Beth had to recount all the painful details. Beth felt much worse after the session and did not go back.
The Workmen's were broke. Their kids really wanted ice cream. She looked for money. She gathered all her change and cashed it in. It was more than enough for ice cream!
Derek was out with this girl he liked. He invited his best friend, jimmy to hang out with them too. Jimmi started flirting with the girl. Derek and Jimmy got into a fight because of it. They stopped being friends because Jimmi broke the bro code.
Tim had a favorite pen. One day he couldn't find it. He looked everywhere. He went to ask his roommate and noticed he was using it. Tim's roommate gave the pen back.
I threw my string across the water. After a few minutes, the fish got caught on the hook. It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off. it managed to escape. I decided to pack up and go home.
Jeremy's dad was disappointed when his son tried out for choir. He wanted his son to play football, instead. Jeremy didn't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert. Afterward, everyone was talking about Jeremy's great performance. Jeremy's dad overheard the raves and felt ashamed of himself.
John and Lily were about to paint their first home. They were at the store trying to pick a color. Lily wanted red but John wanted orange. They argued and tried to prove their colors were best. Suddenly they both noticed a beautiful green and settled on it.
I always wanted to swim with the dolphins. I saw dolphins when I was at Sea World with my family. I asked my mom if we could swim with them. She wouldn't let me because it cost too much money. I was disappointed that I couldn't swim with them that day.
Sue was assigned to make cookies. She found a recipe. She bought all the ingredients. She followed the recipe perfectly. Sue still burned the cookies.
Pam was bringing old boxes upstairs from her basement. She wants to de-clutter by having a garage sale. She began separating items to keep and sell. When grabbed the last box, she found her childhood blanket. She smiled as she hugged it closely.
Tim had a gun. One day he turned his eyes away from it for a second. His son grabbed it thinking it was a toy. He accidentally shot Tim in the leg. His wife forced him to get rid of the gun.
Jake had a pet named Rosie. Rosie was a tarantula. Jake would take Rosie with him in a little clear box. One day Rosie escaped from the box. Jake found Rosie in his mother's purse that night.
Last week my dad took me to the shooting range. He let me pick out a gun. I got to fire it for ten dollars worth of ammunition. My aim was terrible but kept getting better. It was fun and taught me a lot.
Oliver's bottle was dirty. His mom took it to the sink to wash. She filled it with soap and scrubbed it. Then, she rinsed it. When she was done, she gave him some water.
John stole a car with his friends. They had a great time joyriding - for a few minutes. Then the ignition locked! The owner had reported the car stolen and shut it off remotely. John was terrified - he knew he was caught.
Ricardo is a popular singer. Local venues don't book him because they say he doesn't sell tickets. Ricardo's manager persuaded a club owner to book Ricardo. They announced Ricardo's performance on Facebook. Ricardo performed in front of a sold out audience.
I didn't see Angela again for 5 years. When I did, she had a little girl of her own. She was very serious and different. The bubbly easy going Angela I had known was gone. I never knew why she changed so much.
Rachel went bowling with a couple of friends. When it was her turn to bowl, she realized her hands were sweaty. She was nervous because she had never been good at bowling. However, when she bowled, she knocked down every pin. Rachel ended up winning every game that night.
Kathy was learning how to drive. But she constantly worried she would get into an accident. So she decided to she would only use public transportation. But while waiting for the bus alone, she constantly felt afraid. And she regret quitting her driving lessons.
Jimmy wanted to learn karate. His mom signed him up for lessons. He learned how to kick and punch at his first day of lessons. When he got home, Jimmy started punching the walls at his home. His karate instructor scolded him the next day.
Tim's girlfriend didn't like scary movies. They scared her too much. Tim loved them, however. Tim's girlfriend tried to watch one with him. Unfortunately it was too scary and she had to stop.
Tom had a fascination with total institutions. He wanted to be the best he could be. He knew the military would utilize his unique skills. Tom joined the military. Tom had a successful career as a military man.
Jeff was riding the bus home from school. He was really tired. Jeff fell asleep on the bus. He missed his stop. Jeff got off at a friend's house.
I gave a ride to my friend. When he got in the car, he noticed it was a mess. There were soda cans and burger wrappers everywhere. I felt embarrassed because of the junk. So I took the garbage off of the floor and put it in the trunk.
George's dad was a famous preacher who taught brotherly love. He went from town to town preaching and singing for the people. He made a lot of money through contributions and donations. George knew his dad was a fake and only did it for the money. There was nothing he could do because he loved money so he accepted it.
Nick was traveling across the country by train. There was a car accident on the train tracks. Nick's train couldn't move for a day. He got to know the other passengers as they waited. His train finally started moving again and Nick made it home.
Karim wanted to play hockey. He tried out for the school team. But he failed! He practiced all year and tried again next year. Then he finally made the team!
Michael and his family were eating lunch outside one day. Suddenly, several mules began running down their street. Michael rushed his family inside as they began to go wild. Suddenly, a small farmer began chasing the animals, apologizing. The animals took off and Michael brought his family back outside.
Larry is feeling unsure how to spend the day. He decides to go to the neighborhood arcade. When he gets there he plays a few rounds of pinball. He has a great time. Larry is happy he found something to do.
Barry was touring with his band. They had a show to play tomorrow night. On the way they got a flat tire in their tour bus. They had to wait 3 hours for a mechanic to fix it. They were still make it to their show on time.
Sue's stomach growled. She hadn't eaten breakfast or lunch today. On her way home from work, she stopped by a burger joint. She ordered three hamburgers and a side of fries. When the food arrived, she ate ravenously.
Josh has a test tomorrow. The test is worth half his grade. Josh's best friend's birthday is also tomorrow. Josh decided to go to his best friend's party. Josh failed his test.
Silas was a forgetful person. Silas runs into plenty of situations place where he forgot something. His mother, fed up, got him a day planner. It took a while for Silas to begin using it. Once he did, he no longer had problems remembering things.
Divine went to the school and she forgot to bring her umbrella. In the afternoon,it was raining and she don't have umbrella. Her friends cannot lend her umbrella because they only have one. She got home very wet including her things. The next morning,she always bring her umbrella with her.
Sarah loved children and teaching. After she graduated from college, she accepted a job as a teacher. The job wasn't what she thought it would be. The kids were disrespectful and rude, and she hated her job. Soon, Sarah did not love teaching anymore.
Tina was a hair stylist. Today she had an unusual amount of people at her salon. She was busy throughout the entire day. It was the most amount of customers she has ever had. She was happy because she made $500 that day.
Ed got his oil changed. On the way home smoke started to come out of the engine. He called a tow truck. They took it back to the garage he had just left. The mechanic took the old oil out but forgot to put new oil in.
Skip let his friend move in his house for awhile. The friend never paid Skip for living there. Skip asked the friend to leave because the friend wouldn't pay. Skip now doesn't talk to that friend. Skip found a friend that would pay to live at his house.
The man put on a bulletproof vest. He went into a war zone. He was shot at. The bullet hit his vest. The vest failed to stop the bullet.
Every day at camp, the campers would go for a hike in the woods. One day, they came to a small lake. They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled "Hello!" As they waited, they heard an echo come back to them, saying "Hello!" The campers enjoyed hearing the echo at the lake.
The office potluck was on Friday. Heather decided to bring a cheesecake for dessert. She stayed up late on Thursday night to bake the cheesecake. Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning. Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made.
Jesse ran over her favorite flower bush. It happened as she was backing out of her driveway. She tried repairing the damage to the flower bush herself. The flower bush was almost destroyed beyond repair. Jesse had to have a landscaper come over to fix the damage.
The ice cream truck came by every Wednesday afternoon at 5:30. Sally was already waiting with the dollar that her mother gave her. She stepped confidently to the curb when the truck pulled up. Sally asked for her favorite, an Orange Dream for 75 cents. As the ice cream man was getting change a shadow fell across her back.
Jane was riding a public bus overnight. She was trying to sleep but one crowd was being loud. She politely asked them to hush which started a fight. One man was thrown off for being too rowdy. Luckily everyone else seemed to calm down.
Tina took her daughter on a road trip. She had her daughter watch a movie on the way. Tina then noticed something. Her daughter was getting sick. So they had to pull over immediately.
Gina was at the park and a loose dog was watching her. She decided to slowly back up, and walk home. She watched the dog to make sure he didn't move. She turned around and began walking home. Eventually she turned to see the dog was following not far behind.
Amy went bowling with her friends. She wasn't a very good bowler. She felt sure she'd come in last place. But she played surprisingly well. Amy came in second place!
Tim was at a gas station. A van rolled up and made him a great offer. They had electronic equipment for cheap. Tim thought it was a good deal and bought it on the spot. He later found out it was a popular scam.
Jim spent most of the day packing boxes. He made many trips to load them into the truck. He sweated out more than he drank. When he went to pee, his urine was a dark amber orange. Jim doubled his water consumption to avoid dehydration.
Kevin was a boxer hoping to be champion. He got his chance to challenge the current champ. Kevin trained as hard as he could. He devoted most of his time to it. He came incredibly close to winning.
The flood hit very suddenly. Just as the storm arrived, torrential rainfall began. We all huddled inside our houses, hoping for safety. The water rose and began to seep in under our doors. The carpets and furniture were destroyed.
A friend of mine just broke up. She had been seeing a man for ten years. Now she is very lonely. Last week she bought a beagle puppy. I said the puppy will be more loyal than a human.
My wife ordered a bedding set from Jetcom. Her packing slip had the part number she ordered. The item picked was the wrong item number. She called Jet and got a return authorization. She does not like shipping errors.
Simon has been stressed from working too much. Simon tells his friends he needs a day off. Simon asks for the day off so he can relax. They do no let Simon have a day off. Simon calls in pretending to be sick so he can have the day off.
Andy had applied to be the ball boy for his local baseball team. Andy was shocked to find out he had been picked for the ball boy job. After getting his uniform, Andy tried it on for his wife. In addition, his wife took a picture of him in his uniform. Andy was so excited that he got picked to be a ball boy.
Jill found a dog outside her yard. It didn't have a collar or name tag. She told her parents and they decided to wait a week. After a week, no one had claimed the dog. They decided to adopt him and name him Paws.
Gina had to secretly put her mom's house key back in her purse. But her mother was sitting in the living room near the purse. Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom. When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action. She put the key back on the chain, and ran downstairs to her room.
I have a cat. She does weird things. She chases absolutely nothing. She eats rocks. I've decided my cat is crazy.
Becka was very sensitive. She was watching a sad movie. It made her cry and cry. Becka was embarrassed when her makeup ran all over her face. She swore she wouldn't see sad movies in the theater anymore.
On Halloween I went to Minneapolis with my girlfriend. We were having a party in the hotel room with her friends. After a while I was just laying on the bed and relaxing. I started to roll over and fell off the bed! I ended up breaking my arm and having to fly home the next day.
Cassidy was at her friend's house sleeping over. Her friend's mom was out drinking with a friend. Late at night the two women came home drunk. Cassidy wasn't used to being around that, and was uncomfortable. She decided to go home right then.
Alex's son begged him to go hiking with a group of Alex's friends. Alex was concerned as his son was only 3. But Alex's friends promised to look after him. On the trail, the friends got too caught up in their conversation. Alex's son vanished and no one knew how.
Isaac's family was driving to a hotel for summer vacation. Their car broke down on the road. Isaac's parents called a tow truck. Isaac and his family had to ride in the tow truck to the gas station. Isaac thought it was the coolest day ever!
Tom was at a nearby park. There was a protest going on. It turned into a riot. Tom was swept up in the middle of it. He wound up getting arrested.
Lois was devastated when she got a call that a friend was gravely ill. It was a complete shock as her friend was young and previously healthy. When she got to the hospital, Lois found that her friend was dying. Lois felt helpless until she remembered that she could always pray. Though death was coming, praying together brought peace to everyone.
Liz loved drinking coffee every morning. The hotter the better. For her birthday she got a new coffee maker. It was the best gift she could get. She was excited for days.
Cameron was in labor with her first child. She was afraid and very nervous about becoming a mom. But her labor went smoothly and quickly. Soon she was holding her baby and breastfeeding like a pro. Cameron was proud and pleased with her newfound mom skills!
Allie wanted to fundraise to become class president. She was not sure she would be supported however. But thankfully her class ended up doing so. Allie was so thankful. When she won she thanked everyone.
The doctor took me to the operation room. The sedation doctor delivered a small dose of anesthesia to me. For a few seconds I remained awake. I eventually fell asleep due to the medication. When I woke up, I couldn't recall what happened in the past hour.
There was a woman at the crosswalk. She stood there waiting for the light to change. She looked like she was in a hurry to go. When the light changed, she took off in a run. She was across the street and gone before I knew it.
Bronson went swimming the other day. He went up to Shelly's point. When he got there he saw some friends. They swam and hung out all day. Bronson had a great time that day.
Pete was invited to a school dance. But he had nothing fancy to wear. He thought his peers would mock him if he didn't wear a suit. But he decided to wear a sweater and khakis to the dance. Nobody mocked him, and he had a great time!
Grace was doing a great job as the team captain. She was a great soccer player and leader. She practiced every day and expected her teammates to do the same. When it was time for the tournament, she gave them a pep talk. She inspired them to win the game!
Allie needed an internship. She was afraid she would never get it if she applied. She went to the interview and aced it. She got the call back immediately. Allie could not believe her ears.
My 99 year old neighbor Sam has early dementia. He is losing a lot of short term memory. When we talk it is very strange. He keeps me asking me the same questions about my life. I just answer him, knowing he will ask again the next day.
Henry the wood carver was sitting in his shop one morning. He heard a phone ring and quickly answered it. The phone call was about a man enquiring about a large scale project. Henry accepted and began to work on the man's large wooden statue. The man showed up the next day and paid Henry handsomely.
Max loved his dog Fido. Max and Fido often went on the nature trail for walks. One morning Fido ran off to the bushes. Max discovered that Fido found a litter of kittens in the bushes. Max and Fido took the kittens to the local animal shelter.
I turned the light on in my bathroom, but the light didn't come on. I checked the light bulb. As I suspected, it had burnt out. I made a note to get a new lightbulb. It's still dark in there, because I keep forgetting to get a new bulb.
Gina had her jewelry in a small Tupperware with drawers. Her jewelry fit in the Tupperware easily. But the drawers were loose, and opened too easily. Gina worried that her jewelry could fall out of the drawers. Just then she tripped on her own shoe.
Jerry notices he's going bald a little on his head. He is only thirty and is becoming nervous about it. He decides to wear a hat for a few days. Everyone started asking him why he's always wearing a hat these days. He decided to just shave his head so people stop asking.
My neighbor plants beautiful flowers in her backyard. Last spring she bought a new puppy. She let the puppy out of her house and into her backyard. The puppy dug up the newly planted flowers. My neighbor was not happy, but she forgave the puppy.
The athlete was good at every sport he tried. He just learned to play basketball and he's already the high scorer. His best sport is baseball. He hit a homerun when he was at bat last. He's proud of his athletic ability.
The children were ready to lay down. Their mother tucked them in and dimmed the light. She gathered a book and sat down to read. The children loved her storytimes. Soon they were fast asleep and mother turned out the light.
It rained hard one night, and Jack was worried about his basement. Jack went downstairs the next morning, and his basement flooded. He called the flood people, and they said they would come right over. The flood people drained his basement. There was damage, but Jack was glad it was just his basement.
The man turned on the heat. The furnace did not heat up. He called the maintenance man. The maintenance man made it a priority. The furnace was repaired that night.
Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school. He starts by studying for a standardized test. He takes the test and gets a terrific score. Now Brian is ready to apply to school. He applies and is accepted at his first choice graduate school.
The man wanted a movie. The website asked him for a genre. He looked for a terror movie. The website recommended a movie. The movie scared the man.
One day my brother was walking outside barefoot. He was not looking where he was going. A bee was on the ground and he stepped on it! The bee stung him. He learned to be more careful about where he was walking.
Ryan's team is in a big basketball tournament. His team is a head the whole game. There is one minute left and his team is up by ten points. His team continues to turn over the ball and ends up losing. Ryan can not believe that his team lost.
The hail woke Karen out of a deep sleep. It was pelting the metal roof with great force. She jumped out of bed to look out the window. Just then the thunder crashed so loud that it hurt her ears. She hurried back into bed and threw the covers over her head.
The clouds rolled in over the village. They got increasingly darker. All of a sudden, it started to rain. The villagers ran out with their buckets. They were happy to have relief from the drought.
Macey finds a caterpillar crawling in the parking lot. She picks it up and takes it home. She puts the caterpillar into a container with a stick and food. The caterpillar makes a cocoon. It turns into a moth, Macey sets it free.
Bill sat in his favorite chair in his living room reading a book. Out of nowhere, he wondered if the oven was still on. He put his book down and went to the kitchen. Bill opened the oven and jiggled the oven dial. The oven was off but he was glad that he checked.
Anna's old grandfather died. Anna knew it was a natural process, but she was still very sad. Her family let her help design the memorial speech. Anna felt happy to be involved in the process. It helped her deal with her grief.
Samantha and Riddick had been dating for a few months. He still hadn't revealed what his job was. He was rich and wanted her to like him for him. On a sunny day, a Riddick asked Samantha to the park. He sat her down and told her he was a successful investment banker.
Tom's friend invited him on a boat trip one summer day. Tom was nervous as he was not a good swimmer. Shedding his fears, he went anyways. On the trip, his friend convinced him to try waterskiing. Tom was very good at skiing and bragged to his dad when he got home.
Michael Jordan is the best player in NBA history. He's never compared himself to anyone or anyone to him. In a recent interview, he gave praise to Russell Westbrook. Michael said, "Thirty years ago that's me, he plays with flair." That's the highest praise from the greatest of all time.
William was driving down the road. He hears a loud noise coming from his car. He pulled over to see what was wrong. He pops his hood and smoke flies everywhere. He called for help and waited to get picked up.
Doug was nervous when his roommate got a new pet--a pet snake. Doug had always been afraid of snakes, and he was scared. The landlord found about it and told them snakes were forbidden. The roommate had to give the snake away. Doug was sad for his roommate but relieved, too.
Peta just ended a 15 year relationship. She has decided to start dating. So she turned to Tinder and made an account. After just 1 month she decided that Tinder was not for her. Peta canceled her account and gave up on Tinder as a dating source.
Bella saw a picture of a cake on Facebook and became hungry. After searching her pantry, she found she didn't have any cake mix. Bella searched online for cake recipes. She picked one for which she had all of the ingredients. An hour later, Bella enjoyed her delicious cake.
Elizabeth loved soccer. Elizabeth was going to play in her first game. She was having a hard time kicking a goal with other people around. Elizabeth's coach kept pushing her to practice kicking. Elizabeth scored the winning goal in her first game.
Patrick was looking under rocks for snails. He collected a large number and took them to a restaurant. He asked them how much they would buy them for. They agreed on a price and he sold the snails. Then he ordered a large plate of escargot.
Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night. She invited several of her good friends for drinks. Later on, one of her friends got drunk and started to be mean. Her and Khloe had a huge drag out fight. Khloe sent everyone home and regretted her party.
Chris was a very talented man. He loved to cook. Chris cooked for many and they loved his style. As he got old, he wished to share his talent. Chris passed his great talent into creating a book.
When 9-11 happened, I was at home. I had just gotten in my car to go to school. I started the engine and they were talking about it on the radio. Confused, I went back inside to see what was happening. I turned on the tv and watched the news all day.
Alex had a membership at a wholesale club. Over the year, he had barely visited the club. The membership was up for renewal. Alex felt like the fifty dollars was a waste of money. Alex didn't renew his membership.
Pam and Jim are getting married today. Pam accidentally tore her veil. She called Jim crying before the wedding. Jim cut half of his tie to match. Pam and Jim had the perfect wedding.
Ted needed to find cheaper tickets to the concert. He needed to book ten seats for his bachelors party. Ted went to the local ticket broker, who helped him out. He ended up paying 30% off the retail price of the ticket. Ted and his group went to the concert.
my dog is really old. he doesn't like to play anymore. he doesn't like to hunt anymore. all he does is sleep. next week i'm getting a new puppy.
Chad was excited for the birth of his first son. Chad was excited to be taking his first picture today. Chad purchased matching bow ties, and shirts for them. Chad even practiced poses that he could take with his son. Chad could not wait to have his son's first picture taken.
Anita went inside her bank expecting to make a withdraw. The man behind her yelled everyone get down, he had a gun. Anita ducked but another man didn't. He told the bank robber to show his gun. Then he punched the man trying to rob the bank, who didn't have a gun.
Ian rock climbed every week. But one time, he forgot his safety harness. He was confident that he could make it up. And he successfully made it over a small cliff. But might have received too much confidence for the next cliff.
Mary's son had been begging her to buy a certain video game. Mary did not want to buy another expensive game. She checked the library website to see if the game was available. She checked out the game from the library. Her son played the game a few times before growing bored with it.
Caitlin didn't like it when her boyfriend bought a motorcycle. She was concerned that he took risks and that it was too dangerous. Her boyfriend thought she was being overly worrisome. One day, he had a close call and nearly collided with a truck. He decided Caitlin was right and from then on was more careful.
Jane asked Jane and her friend if they can hang out together. All of them agreed to go to the movies. Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home. In addition, her friend decided to watch the movie without her. Jane became furious afterwards.
I was never popular in high school. Guys weren't interested in me but I was very interested in Thomas. He knew I liked him but he used me and dated other girls instead. Year's went by and I got prettier and more confident. I ran into Thomas Year's later and didn't even glance his way.
My dad died December 17th. His body was not found until December 22nd, when I was back to Ohio. We buried my dad on December 24th. My birthday is December 26th. I no longer celebrate Christmas or my birthday.
The man typed fast. He was given a job typing. He worked a lot to make money. His back muscles became sore. The doctor told him it was the typing.
The Davis family went to their mother's birthday party. There were a lot of people at the party and lots of food to eat too. Later on a dance troop arrived and danced with fire sticks. One of the dancers dropped the stick and nearly set fire to the grass! Luckily Mr Davis put it out with a bucket of water.
Julie saw something out of the corner of her eye. It was a giant spider! She tiptoed out of the room, looking for something to hit it with. She came back in with a dictionary. She gave the spider a big whack and smashed it.
Annie was at a theme park with her family. There was a clown making balloon animals for children. She saw him make a dog that was adorable. She waited in line for 15 minutes to get one. Her balloon dog was pink and purple.
Ted is running for president. He makes all kinds of promises. He tells the american people what they want to hear. The election comes. Ted wins the people's votes and becomes president.
Pat wanted to work on his game in the club. He started approaching girls. He kept getting denied. He decided to quit. He went back home sad.
Alex is a selfish man. He is mean to everyone he knows. One day, he meets a girl that is always sweet to him. Alex decides to be nice back to the girl. Now, Alex is dating the girl and is very generous and sweet.
Jenny walked into the room for her interview. The manager asked her a few questions. She tried to make her responses short and brief. At the end of the interview, the manager expressed his interest in her. When he placed his hands on her, she immediately ran.
Jared was eating at his favorite fast food place. He noticed there was a bandaid in his burger. It grossed him out and he almost threw up. He didn't bother getting another one. He decided to never go back.
Jimmy worked in a restaurant. He came into work one day. The cooler had failed overnight. All the food had to be thrown. Jimmy's boss decided to close the restaurant for the day.
It was a hot day. But Gina wanted to drink coffee. She decided to put water and ground coffee in a bottle. And she put it in the refrigerator. Several hours later, she had cold coffee to drink.
Jan, who was 18, was attracted to 40 year old Samantha. Sam thought Jan was much too young for her. When Jan approached her for a date, though, she said yes. It turned out they had a wonderful time together. Now Jan and Samantha are a close couple.
Tim was very health conscious. Tim changed his toothbrush, for a new one, regularly. One day, Tim went to the store. Tim bought a new toothbrush. Tim began using only the new toothbrush.
Keith was allergic to peanuts. He went to birthday party. The cake had a peanut butter filling. Keith didn't eat any of the cake. The host brought Keith a serving of ice cream instead.
Bob rented a storage space online. He needed to provide a signature for the contract. It was setup to allow him to use his mouse to sign. Bob had a better idea. He hooked up his drawing tablet and used it instead.
Tom loved eating roasted chicken. Unfortunately he didn't have much time to cook. His girlfriend decided to surprise him. She cooked him some and took it to his work for lunch. Tom was ecstatic and gobbled it up.
After such a long drive, all we wanted was some rest. We stopped at a tiny motel in a small town. It was near the caverns, so there were bats near the pool. We went swimming anyway, but a bat fell into the water. Not knowing any better, I tried to take him out using my bare hands.
Victor went on vacation. He went on tours of old castles. He saw a large castle with an extendable drawbridge. The sight fascinated him to no end. He took pictures of it until his memory was full.
Tom went to a local punk show. He wasn't aware of the band until he got there. The band was surprisingly good. Tom made sure to remember their name. The band eventually made it big and Tom held on to their early stuff.
Jen's English teacher assigned an paper at the end of class. Jen had a party to go that night. She knew she would not have time to write her paper and go out. Jen decided to not write her paper. When she got to class, she did not turn in her paper and got an F.
Amy was failing geometry. She asked the teacher if there was anything she could do to pass. She stayed after school and cleaned the room thoroughly. Amy was upset to grimy from all the work, and covered in chalk dust. But it was all worth it to pass the class.
My girlfriend, Rita, was sitting on the beach. She started getting bored, so she decided to take a swim. When she jumped in the ocean, she saw the fin of a shark. Rita quickly exited the water, and ran for the parking lot. She told me she never wanted to go to that beach again.
My friend and I wanted to go to a concert one time. We bought tickets online for 40 dollars more than our other friend. We were mad but still excited about going. When we arrived, we showed our tickets to the man at the gate. To our surprise, the concert was free.
Janice always liked it down on the boardwalk. She decided that she would go there today. She packed up her car. Janice set off in her car. She made it to the boardwalk and had a great time.
Amy was invited on a group outing by Ray. Amy had a crush on Ray and was excited to go out with him. Amy didn't know any of Ray's other friends. She worried she wouldn't have anyone to talk to other than Ray. She was elated when her friend Beth agreed to come along.
Eli was addicted to meth really bad. He was at rock bottom and his family wanted to help him. They staged an intervention, and confronted him. After the intervention, Eli got worse into his addiction. He eventually died of an overdose.
Did you hear the horrible storm last night? I was driving home right in the middle of it. It was raining so heavy. The winds were so strong. I was happy to make it home.
Being the new kid and the overweight kid made me a target for teasing. I had started my first year of school since moving to New Hampshire. One kid in particular was ruthless. He would walk the entire way with me just being rude and mean. When he heard I moved from New York he got scared and stopped.
Randy never studied for tests. He was always too good at guessing. But one day, he failed a test. And he learned that he couldn't guess any longer. So he decided to quit guessing and start studying.
Tom bought a new house by the freeway. It was loud but he couldn't afford anything else. Tom struggled with it at first. After a while he invested in good earplugs. They made a huge difference.
I was watching a horrible movie. The acting was bad to say the least. I was thinking to myself how did the actors make it this far? If they can be in a movie so can I. This inspired me to become an actor.
We passed by a dark alley in the middle of the night. We always thought the alley was dangerous because it was so dark. On this night we were feeling daring, so we went into the alley. That's when we heard a strange noise. In the middle, we found a mother cat and her kittens napping.
My grandma put a jar in her closet. I asked her what it was. She said it was brown sugar. I tried it, but it tasted terrible. Then she told me it was snuff.
Tim was driving at night. The road was slick. He lost control. The car went into a river. Tim had to swim to safety.
Mandy had always dreamed of being a lifeguard. She had attempted to try out for a position but had failed. She decided to spend several weeks practicing intently. Finally after a few weeks it was time to re-try out. This time she nailed it and got her position.
Tom had to go to court downtown. He parked at a meter. The court proceedings took longer than expected. Tom wasn't able to feed the meter while inside. He went back out to find he had gotten a parking ticket.
MJ had to get her blood drawn. She had a deep phobia of getting it done. The nurse led her to the room. MJ woke up 30 minutes later. She passed out as soon as she was pricked.
As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night. It was really cold, and I had forgotten my gloves. I thought for sure I'd be lost out there forever. But suddenly, a light from across the woods shone brightly. My parents had been looking for me, and now I was safe and sound.
Kelly's brother married Alaina. Alaina liked Kelly a lot. She invited her to paint ceramics. They called their outing Sister Day. Every year, they celebrated Sister Day in a new way.
Quincy was a great musician. He learned to play the harp. He practiced for months to be good at it. He auditioned for the local symphony. The judges were very impressed!
Jacob hated walking to school. All of his friends were able to drive to school with their cars. Jacob got a part-time job after school. He worked hard to save up the money he earned from his job. Jacob was able to buy himself a used truck after 5 months of saving.
I came into class late one day. We were taking a timed quiz at the beginning of class. I tried my best to finish it as quickly as I could. Unfortunately, I could not finish it in time. I did not get a very good grade on it.
Bob invited his friends over to his house in the country. Together they combed the forest, gathering wood. Then they massed all their sticks into a big pile. Bob lit in on fire. They all sat around their big bonfire, chatting happily.
I built a large treehouse in our backyard. The tree was a willow, which are known to be brittle. Whenever a wind kicks up, the tree sways side to side. All of the nails pulled out of the branches. I kept the kids out, and eventually the tree house collapsed.
Donald was a senator. He ran as an indie candidate. Donald wanted better implementation of his policies. Ge decided to run in the next term as a Republican. He won again, and is now in a better position.
Aimee sensed her boyfriend, Jason, had commitment issues. For two years he didn't refer to her as his girlfriend. When he graduated from college, her introduced Aimee as his friend. Aimee went to the bathroom and broke down crying. Her friend told her Jason she's crying because you call her friend!
It was Christmas morning. Gary was trying to help his kids open their toys. The doll he was trying to get was wrapped in plastic. He couldn't get the ties undone. Finally, he had to grab a knife just to free the toy.
There once was a man named fred. He thought he might end up real dead. One day in his sleep, he didn't make a peep. And then he almost died from a heart problem. However, he was able to get it fixed.
For years, Martin has been trying to think of the next big invention. Finally, he had a breakthrough. Martin built a prototype of a bowl that separates the cereal and milk. He pitched his idea to several flatware companies. The executives rejected Martin's new invention.
Lucky was a very stubborn dog. He liked to chase other animals in the woods near his house. He didn't listen when his owners told him not to chase them. He enjoyed this game until he met the skunk one night. Lucky then discovered a stink that was more stubborn than he was!
Anita had driven her Honda car for fifteen years. It was time to buy another car. But Anita was apprehensive because dealers took advantage of women. She had an idea, take a guy friend with her. Anita made an awesome no money down deal on a new sports car.
Sally had just moved in with her boyfriend. They decided to invite their friends over for dinner. Then, she thought to prank them. When they were there, she pretended that she was pregnant. They all freaked out until she revealed the truth.
Gary wanted to become a professional actor. He fervently desired to star in artistic, dramatic movies. His parents refused to fund his acting education. Gary began taking online acting classes on video sites. He improved and had a successful audition later that same year.
Ian had never flown on a plane. He wanted to travel across the country. While at the airport Ian became nervous. He boarded the plane. Upon landing he realized planes weren't so bad.
My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom. Before the discussion started, my math teacher went to the bathroom. My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me. I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at me. We ended up throwing more pieces around the room.
Tom fell in love with a girl. His best friend liked her too. Tom tried to win her over. Unfortunately she never liked him much. She wound up getting with Tom's best friend instead.
Samantha had work early in the morning. She set her alarm to 6 AM. Her alarm did not sound in the morning. Samantha overslept by 1 hour. Samantha realized her alarm clock was broken and threw it out.
Tom lost his wallet at the bar. He went back to look for it but it was gone. One day he found it in his mail box. The money was gone but everything else was there. Tom was thankful and upset.
Lisa and Tim had been married for a long time. With the long marriage came extensive bickering. Their family could hardly stand it. Finally Elsa their daughter, made them talk things out. It worked.
Mr Poke donated millions of dollars to public radio. The radio station aired some news on corrupt business practices. Mr Poke demanded the station stop airing such stories. The station said it was their duty to inform the public. Mr Poke angrily withdrew his financial support for public radio.
Zachary wanted to move from his ratty apartment. He found a house across town. It was going to be slightly farther from his job. It was going to cost five times more than his apartment. Zachary learned to love his ratty apartment.
The fish were not biting when Ron was fishing in his normal spot. Rather than continue to drift the line, Ron put some weight on it. He never had any luck bottom fishing, but it was worth a try. Almost immediately, he felt a big tug on his small hook. He pulled up the biggest, heaviest fish he had ever caught.
Kyle had a great interest in learning to cook. He decided to take a cooking class. Kyle had a great time at his cooking class. He continued taking the class. Eventually Kyle joined a culinary academy.
Mark was craving some saltwater taffy. But it was 4AM and he didn't know where to go to get it. He decided to look at his local convenience store. Luckily it was open late at night. Mark found out that the convenience store had a barrel full of taffy!
The house next door had been empty for months. There was still no sign stating it was for sale. Gina peeked in a window. The house was dusty and old She assumed it needed a lot of work to be sold.
Bob was a homosexual. He was scared to tell his parents. His parents were homophobic. Bob mustered up the courage and told his parents. His parents accepted him for who he is and continued to love him.
Jennifer had a project deadline for her most important customer. She wasn't quite finished when the deadline day arrived. Jennifer got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish. She checked her email as soon as she got to her desk. She had a message from her customer extending her deadline for a week.
Sally could not decide between the white horse and pink bunny. Choosing the right animal on the merry go round was serious business. She finally decided on the pink bunny. Her grandmother realized she wanted to ride the horse as much. So she got her a ticket for a second ride.
Erica was walking on the patio near the pool. The patio was wet. Erica slipped in the water. She fell into the pool. Everyone laughed at Erica.
John and his sister were hunting for shells on the beach. She kept picking small shells with little holes in the center. He was going for the big, perfect shells. That night she got a piece of string. She strung her little shells into a necklace.
Gina always kept a diary. One day his little brother found it. He started reading it. Gina however, found him and admonished him. Now, Gina always hides her diary.
Tom joined his high-school soccer team. They were one of the worst in the district. They only one two games the entire season. One was a forfeit and one was an accident. Tom gave up soccer immediately after.
Lisa lived in a small town and spent a lot of time with her family. Her family did not have much money, so they did not travel much. One Friday afternoon, her father came home with great news. He won a free stay at a local hotel. The family spent the weekend at the hotel and had a great time.
Michelle and Marie were best friends. Marie's mom had to take a job across the country. Marie begged her mom to reconsider, but she refused. The two girls were upset, afraid their friendship would end. They began writing letters and having yearly visits and felt better.
Patty walked to school. She didn't live too far from the school. She always made it at an acceptable time. This time she was late. She got in big trouble.
I went to the fair yesterday. It was massive. But it was so expensive. It was also cash only. Therefore I had to turn around and go home.
Susan had been saving for a long time. Finally, she had enough for her dream vacation. She went to Paris. There, she saw all of the most famous sites. It was the best trip of her life.
Haley was nervous about her job interview. She decided to practice with her roommate. The next day she put on her nicest outfit. Her nice outfit and savvy interview skills were well received. Haley now has a really great job.
Joe's hair was long and he needed a new haircut. So Joe called his local barbershop and made an appointment. It was at three PM. Joe went to the barbershop. He got a nice hair cut.
Eric was cleaning his kitchen. He found a green colored stain on his countertop. He tried to scrub it off with soap and water. The stain was not budging. Eric had to use a commercial cleaner in order to get the stain out.
Jason was an avid gamer. He would stand and wait in line many hours for the hottest releases. The sequel to a popular first person shooter was going on sale. It had received horrible reviews, but Jason bought it anyway. He returned it two days later.
On the street corner a man smoked a cigar. A stranger came up to him and pulled out a cigarette. The stranger had no lighter so he asked the man for his. The man grabbed the stranger's cigarette and lit it with his cigar. The two men smoked in peaceful silence until they were done.
My son was playing his guitar especially loudly. I knocked equally loudly on his door. He timidly asked me what the problem was. I asked him to play only as loud as he was speaking then. He decided to play video games instead.
I bought a new car for my girlfriend. She was surprised when I showed up in our driveway. I passed her the keys. She hopped into the driver's seat. We drove to the local mall.
There was a bad smell in the classroom at Villanova University. The teacher claimed the smell did not come from her. All students disagreed and laughed at her. She left the classroom in embarrassment. The students then left after her and felt bad.
Mel had a bowling competition this weekend. He decided to work on his strength to prepare. Mel spent every day at the gym for a month. He also spent the weekends practicing at his local bowling alley. Mel was able to place first in the competition!
Tom worked all day to build a snowman with his daughter. Together they rolled snow and added decorations. Then a thaw came overnight! In the morning, all that remained was their carrot nose! Tom and his daughter were very disappointed.
Sandra came to the table for dinner expecting to eat meatloaf. Her mother always made meatloaf on Monday night. Monotonous Monday the term she and her sisters often used. As she sat down and folded her napkin in her lap she heard a gasp. Mom had made pizza for dinner on a Monday!
Randi woke Roman up at 8:00 to get ready for school. He brushed his teeth, got dressed and had breakfast. They both got into the car and drove to school. When they arrived, Randi accidentally hit another car. She spent the rest of the day dealing with her insurance company.
After seeing a new Youtube series on cooking, Lisa thought she'd cook! Getting all the ingredients that were listed, she called for her mom. She needed help getting it all ready, and her mom obliged to help her. Taking her time, Lisa watched the video over again to get it right. When she went to place it in the oven, she had forgot to turn it on.
Bella had worked at her current job for two and a half years. She was in Customer Service, and was friends with all her colleagues. But Management kept increasing the workload without more compensation. Management also wouldn't listen to the requests of the employees. Bella hated to leave her friends, but knew a new start was necessary.
The kids decided to have a sleepover. They played video games for six hours straight. Their eyes burned and their fingers ached. They tried to go to bed but they kept thinking about the video games. They were totally addicted.
Sam can't sleep at night. He is afraid of the monsters under the bed. Dad tells him there is no such thing as monsters but it doesn't help. So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it's a magic blanket. Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well.
When I was a child, I liked cartoons. I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons. Every time, I would fall asleep before the end of the show. Eventually we got a VCR. Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted!
David finally got his driver's license. And he had a lot of fun driving fast. But one day, he got a speeding ticket. And he wasn't able to afford gas for another week. David decided to stop speeding.
One year I completely forgot about mother's day. I had a lot planned out and made a mental note the day before. When it came time for mother's day I completely forgot everything! My mom was very upset but I showed her that I had stuff planned. She was understanding and wasn't mad anymore!
Nancy got into a car accident today. Although she wasn't at fault, she had to pay several expenses. As a result, she was charged with several late bill payments. Since she owed more money, she couldn't make the payments. However, her mom loaned her some money to help her out.
Paul woke with a start. His alarm didn't go off. He raced to get ready. He drove quickly to work. He got to the meeting just before it started, he wasn't late.
Fred took his family to the local Mexican restaurant. They thought the food tasted a bit off. Fred's family fought over the bathroom the rest of the night. The news had an item about the restaurant the next day. One of the cook's hadn't been washing his hands after using the loo.
Kia was running at a track meet, very close to another girl. The judge announced that the other girl won the meet! Kia was disappointed. Then the judge reviewed the video and announced that he was wrong. Kia had actually been first to cross the finish line!
My kids played the XBox and broke it. They were horsing around and yanked on the controller cords. The yanking of the cords pulled the console off the shelf. We picked it up and plugged it back in, but it wouldn't turn on. My husband took their video games away for the rest of the summer.
Raven has a long paper to do. This was for her college writing class. She procrastinated really badly. She pulled an all nighter to finish it. She handed it in the next day.
Wesley was a taxi driver. He was taking a passenger to the airport. After he dropped the passenger off, he noticed a bag in the taxi. He opened the bag to find five hundred dollars. Wesley ran after the passenger and returned the money.
Cayla is a beautiful girl even though she has a scar on her face. When she was a little girl she was running while wearing slippers. It was during the night and she didn't see the big rock on the ground. Her toe hit the rock and her face went slamming into the ground. Her face got a big scratch on it, and it healed into a star shape.
Fred's one job for the summer picnic was to bring a watermelon. He had never bought one before so he wasn't sure what to look for. Fortunately there was someone at the store working in produce. He explained to Fred how to thump melons to tell if they were good. Fred was delighted when the melon proved to be sweet and juicy.
Jill was on summer vacation. Her grandmother had signed her up for ice skating lessons. Jill's grandmother thought she may enjoy taking up the sport. Jill went to her lessons twice a week and got to skate around the rink. She met a few knew people and got to try out ice skating.
Hal stayed with his mom for awhile after his dad had passed away. He knew that she was not in a good place. She often cried and was so alone and despondent. Hal decided to have his mom move in with her. His mom passed away within the year.
Erica loved to decorate her house. For every holiday, she bought lots of new decor items. She made lots of crafts to put around her house. She decided to funnel her energy into a design business. She had a knack for the business!
Michael and his friends caught tadpoles from the pond. They carried the tadpoles home in a bucket of water. Over next few days they fed the tadpoles insects. One day they noticed the tadpoles had grown legs and arms. They had turned into frogs.
Noah is an avid wine drinker and loves to try different kinds. For Christmas he got a win making starter kit. He got to work right away fermenting his own wine. His wine turned out great and now he is trying another flavor. He now loves to drink wine and make his own wine.
When Tina went into the candy store she saw a lot of cheap things. Many items were only a penny. Tina couldn't believe it. So she went and bought all she could. It was delicious afterwards.
Ella was a beautiful girl. She had a great personality. Ella strongly believed in saving herself for marriage. She was upfront about her beliefs on every date. Men would not stick around long because of her beliefs.
Johnny never thought he would be in an avalanche. But he was caught in an avalanche of rocks. He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon. The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down. Johnny and his friends outran the rocks using their motorcycles.
Yesterday I came into work a little late. I hung up my hat and stowed my keys. When I sat down at my desk my fish were all looking at me. They love when I feed them every morning. So I opened up the can of fish food and sprinkled some down to them.
Nicki and her dad always went camping every summer. They loved being outdoors in the wilderness seeing the animals. Nicki became gravely ill before their recent trip. She died before they could take one last trip together. Now, every summer Nicki's dad remembers the fun he had with her.
Susan was a secretary for 30 years. She just retired this past month. Susan decided to sell her house. She moved to Florida to retire in a house by the beach. Susan enjoyed her retirement by reading books.
Yandy had no experience, but wanted to start a record label. She took two artists under her wing. The artists argued continually and had a power struggle. Yandy tried to delegate and get to the music, to no avail. She got so frustrated, she quit her label.
Ashley's friend had a nose ring, so Ashley wanted one too. She asked her mom, but her mom told her no. Ashley begged her mom to let her get the piercing done. Her mom kept saying no. Ashley got upset and stormed out the door.
Susan wanted to go to college one day. She studied hard, all through school. She gave up going out with friends. She did not play sports. Though Susan did not have much fun growing up, she did attend college.
Jane went to a concert. She saw her favorite artist performing on stage. He stuck his hand out. Jane immediately grabbed it. He pulled her on stage and sang in front of her.
My niece works at her town community swimming pool. Yesterday was a slow day as it was raining. Her co workers made water balloons. She got into a water balloon fight. She said it more fun than doing nothing.
Patricia had always wanted to work for the government. She worked very hard in school. Patricia also volunteered a lot as well. After many attempts she finally got a job. Now, Patricia works for the US government.
The opening band got to meet the headliner. The headliner band was in an office. The opening band were nervous. The headline band started to insult and make fun of the openers. The openers thought about dropping out of the show.
Briana was at a school carnival. She spotted a ring toss game. She played the game and won. The prize for the game was a pet goldfish. Briana took the fish home and put it in a bowl.
Jim poured a cup of coffee. He sipped it, and it was very bitter. He looked inside the coffee machine, and there was vinegar inside it. Jim saw Simon grinning. Jim fired Simon on the spot for daring to mess with his coffee.
Mariah wanted a cup of vanilla coffee from the coffee shop. She got in the car and drove to the shop. She ordered a vanilla coffee with two sugars. The cashier gave her the coffee and Mariah took a sip. She scrunched up her nose because the coffee was bad.
Jeff read the weather forecast on the Internet. He gasped at what it said. They were predicting over two feet of snow! Jeff threw open his window curtains. He was surprised to find they'd made an accurate forecast for once.
Kelly got a wedding invitation in the mail. She told the bride and groom she would come to the wedding. Kelly went to the store where the couple was registered. Kelley bought a set of china dishes for the bride and groom. She had the dishes gift wrapped in ivory wrapping paper.
I want to wear sunglasses to protect my eyes. But I already wear glasses and they get in the way. My grandfather found a solution for me. He sent me clip-on sunglasses for my glasses. They work great, but make me feel very old.
Luke was on a bus. He saw a very pretty girl. Before he could talk to her, she got off the bus. He was very upset. Luke knew he would never find her again.
Tina was a terrible singer. She hired a voice coach. Her practice session didn't improve her singing. Tina decided to give up on her singing career. She now works as airline flight attendant.
My dog was dreaming. It was lying on the floor. Then it jumped up quickly. My dog let out a bark. I had never seen her do that before.
I was playing videogames with my brother last week. We all wanted to go first. The second controller was terrible. We decided to play Monopoly to see who would get first. We wound up playing board games all night instead.
Tom was playing with fireworks. He had a firecracker in his hand. He held it for way too long. It exploded in his hand. Tom lost three fingers.
Leslea drove off in her car in a hurry. It took a few hours for her to realize her purse was gone. She searched her whole car for her purse but didn't find it. When she was finished with work she drove home. To her surprise her purse was still in her garage!
Pierre won 2 tickets to a concert for tomorrow night on the radio. His friends heard it on air live. He had been decided to take his mom because it was her favorite band. After he got off the radio, his girlfriend and best friend called him. Pierre felt pressured by them all, but he still took his mom.
Mika was desperate for money. He decided to break into a neighbor's house. He stole some jewelry and money. He was caught within a week. Now he's facing jail time and thousands in fines.
One day, I found myself out of work. I downloaded a typing assistant software. I improved my typing skills to over 50 WPM! I then sought a typist job but never found one. Instead I found Mturk and work on here occasionally.
Tom was hungry. He didn't want to cook. He scrounged up some change around his apartment. Tom was able to get some fast food. It wasn't much but it filled him up.
Bob was hungry! His wife was out of town this weekend. He did not want to cook whatsoever. He called up a Chinese restaurant for delivery. They told him they were closed.
Tim spent all morning raking leaves. His kids came running outside and immediately jumped into the pile. The leaves scattered everywhere. Tim got ready to reprimand them, but stopped. They were having so much fun, he changed his mind and joined them.
We went on a trip through Arkansas. When we reached Russellville, there was a nuclear plant. The kids asked what it was. Not wanting to discuss it, I told them it was a giant chicken cooker. They believed me for the next five years.
I came home from work and was very hungry. I looked through my fridge for some food. I found a bag of pasta and decided to cook it. I put a pan on the stove and put the food in it. I cooked the pasta and enjoyed it.
There was a frightful noise outside of Jane's window. She peeked carefully out of the window. In the moonlight she spied two yellow eyes. She almost screamed. It was only a raccoon in the garbage can.
Lindsay decided to make dinner one night. She was not a great cook, so came up with a simple recipe. Pat was first to try it, and he said it came out great. Lindsay reluctantly tried it and expected the worse. The meal actually came out good and they both enjoyed it.
Kim was a waitress at the local breakfast joint. Every morning, she served coffee and pancakes with a smile. When she retired, the locals threw her a huge party. They brought her coffee and gave her a hole host of presents. Even though she retired, she still visits every day.
It was a very hot and humid day. Anna couldn't wait to go swimming in her pool after work. But when she stepped in, she sighed with disappointment. She had left the pool heater on all day accidentally. The pool felt like a hot tub - not at all refreshing!
John got his invitation to his 10 year high school reunion. John knew he needed to be in better shape for that! John worked out for an hour every day for four months. He lost 35 pounds before the reunion. At the reunion, everyone told John he looked exactly the same!
The doctor prescribed me anti-inflammatory steroids. I took them for an entire month. A few days later, my face broke out in whiteheads. Since they were sensitive, I was afraid to pop them. They healed on their own.
Kim's toddler son wanted fort for his house. Kim didn't know how to build a fort. She wanted to please her son though. She made a fort out of cardboard boxes instead. Her son was very pleased.
My wife retired last week. I sent cupcakes to her work. She got out out of work early, before the cupcakes came. Her boss called her on the way home. She came back and got the cupcakes.
Summer was doing some chores one night. She threw a load of clothes in the wash. Before she knew it she accidentally fell asleep on the couch. When she woke up, she remembered her clothes. Since they hadn't been switched over they were mildewy.
Billy's mom told him to go outside and play. He knew he was not allowed to play with the fireworks. Because they were illegal within his city limits, the police came. Billy's mom got a $300 ticket. Billy was in big trouble.
Phil had a speech to do in front of the school. Phil practiced his speech and was ready. It was time for Phil to give his speech. Phil accidentally burped on the microphone. He got nervous and forgot the rest of his speech.
Tom drove a pretty old car. It was constantly breaking down. He lived near a junkyard. Tom often found cheap parts there. He would do most of the work himself.
Jane had sensitive skin. One day she noticed a rash. It was spreading regardless of what she did. She eventually tried washing her sheets. The rash started getting better soon after.
Gina and Mary were feuding. Gina considered apologizing to end the feud. But she hadn't been the one to start it. She hadn't realized all her other friends would take Mary's side. If she apologized, it would only be to regain her other friends.
Monica's favorite stuffed animal was Spots. Monica carried Spots in the rain once. Spots was ruined by the water. Monica's mother had to throw Spots away. Monica still misses Spots.
Little Timmy loved drawing. He would draw everything any time he got. After a while he started getting pretty good. For his birthday his parents bought him expensive color pencils. He loved them and used them often.
Jim decided he wanted to run a marathon. He looked online and found a training regimen. He trained for 8 months and felt confident about the race. Race day came and Jim finished the race in under 4 hours. He celebrated his accomplishment with friends and family
Candy worked for the newspaper. She was editor of the classifieds. She had to sell ads to local businesses. As the began to sell, she started making new contacts. Candy loved her job and networking abilities.
Bob wanted to make some clam chowder. He decided to save time and make it from a can. To save even more time, he decided to microwave the soup. While waiting for his soup, he heard a pop in the microwave. The soup ended up making a mess in his microwave.
One day Anna walked in on her husband doing something gross. He was biting his toenails! She was disgusted, but he told her he'd done it for years! Anna was astonished. However, she was also secretly impressed by his flexibility!
It was Julie's thirtieth birthday. She was not expecting to feel bad about it. But she did. She couldn't stop thinking about the passage of time. Julie could barely fake a smile as her friends sung and cut the cake.
Moe wanted comfortable bedding. He bought some new sheets. They were flannel and they were so soft! He snuggled into bed that night and smiled. His new sheets were amazing!
Viktor could not get his microscope to focus. His professor came to help. His professor also could not get it to focus. The professor wiped the lens with a solvent. He was then able to focus the lens.
Allen was at the mall with his friends. He was waiting in line for the photo booth. All of sudden a girl with blonde hair and ripped jeans stepped out. Allen fell in love instantly as she walked past. He was so starstruck he couldn't even say hi as she walked away.
I work at a neighborhood house tutoring kids. Sometime they get a little rambunctious. One of them jumped on the table and broke it. The table hit my knee and I cursed very loudly. All the kids and the volunteer coordinator heard what I said.
Rose wanted to learn to knit. She asked her grandma to teach her. Her grandma helped her start making a simple scarf. Rose knit on the scarf until she was all out of yarn. Unfortunately, by then it was over 16 feet long!
Kirk was a wild teenager. One night he snuck out of his house to meet with friends. Later, Kirk quietly snuck back into his bedroom. He thought that he had gotten away with sneaking out of the house. He was shocked when he turned his light on and his mother was there.
Henry's cousin ran to him. He asked if he can borrow Henry's phone. However, Henry turned off his phone. Although he said that his phone was dead, it wasn't. The cousin ended up walking away.
Annika's best friend, Amelie, joined us at the zoo. Annika was overstimulated and cried the entire time. I thought the trip was a disaster and felt very bad for Amelie. Amelie's dad came to pick her up. Amelie asked her dad if she could live with me forever!
Tom was reading a new book. He became instantly enthralled with the story. He kept reading without knowing how long it had been. Tom then heard an alarm going off in the morning. He had kept reading all night long.
Tim couldn't sleep. He tried different things to help. Nothing really seemed to. He decided to just stay up all night. The next night Tim was able to sleep easier.
Harry worked in the locker room. He did the laundry. He dried the laundry. He got the towel. He folded it and put it away.
The two caterwauling cats were in my yard. Their backs were arched in anger. They hissed at each other. Before long, a fight broke out. Eventually one of them screamed and ran away.
Gina's brother had a friend named Joe. Gina disliked like Joe and always left when he came around. One day Gina was at her friend Ruth's house and Joe came over. It was the first time he spoke to her. Everything he had to say was rude, and filthy.
Tess wished her boyfriend would change his habits. He had a habit of leaving his clothes all around the apartment. Tess, looking sternly, warned her boyfriend of the next infraction. He got up quickly and straightened up his mess. Feeling better, Tess and her boyfriend went to bed.
Jill and Sam had been dating for three years. On the night of their third anniversary, Sam took Jill to dinner. He had been acting strange all night. While at dinner, he all of a sudden dropped to one knee. He proposed to Jill and she said yes.
A man was out of a job for months and needed money. He went to a temp agency to find a job. The told him to go to a warehouse across town. The man showed up for work on the first day ready to work. He enjoyed the job so much be asked to be full time.
Shelly wanted to make a music video for his new song. He got some friends together and hired a host of extras. They danced on cars that they parked in a city. The video was a moderate success. Shelly saw a slight bump in downloads of his song.
Mark had a brand new sailboat. He brought all of his friends to the dock to see it. They walked around the deck and inside of the cabin. All of his friends were really impressed, and praised his sailboat. They finished the day with a quick ride through the bay.
Sara has a big test tomorrow. She is very anxious. She stayed up all night studying. When she got to class, her teacher postponed the test. Sara could not have been happier.
There once was a town with a very angry bear. The bear kept getting into people's houses and destroying stuff. The local police knew what they had to do. A trap was set for the bear in a house. The police shot the bear, and the head sheriff skinned it alive.
Vianna once bought a ticket for the powerball. The jackpot prize was $1 billion dollars. She hoped she could be one of the lucky winners. She checked the numbers and found out she did not win. She was disappointed because she was not a billionaire.
Alex and Andy were best friends. It was a rainy day, so they decided to explore the attic. Alex went first and turned on the light. Andy came next, but tripped and got a splinter. Alex helped Andy, and they never went up there again.
Scott swore to everyone he quit smoking. His wife made him because she was afraid of cancer. She told him she'd leave if he didn't quit. Scott did quit for about five days. He now leaves ten minutes early for work to smoke.
Anna had a sweater that was supposed to be dry cleaned. She was hesitant to dry clean it. She thought it would be expensive. But when she called for prices, she was surprised. The dry cleaning fees were much lower than she'd thought!
Tim was golfing with buddies. It started to rain a bit. Tim was close to finishing and kept playing. Lighting hit really close to where he was standing. It convinced Tim to take a raincheck.
A carnival was in town last week. I took my son on Wednesday night. He rode all the rides. He played a ton of games. We had a really fun time.
Alex was in middle school. One day, he made a joke to his friends. His joke referenced violence and his teacher was worried. She reported him and he got into big trouble. He never understood why they got mad at him.
Pat never really knew why people cheat on their other halves. He was once cheated on by a long term partner. She had gotten with a friend of hers on a drunken night out. Pat is now very cautious when finding a girlfriend. He avoids girls that have a lot of guy friends.
Ida wanted to get stronger. She decided to start jogging. At first she could only run a few blocks. But soon she was jogging for miles easily. Ida was proud of her increased strength and endurance!
Josh wanted to meet some girls. He joined his school's dance team because it was mostly females. Josh became friends and more with team member Julie. Josh also discovered he was a great dancer! He couldn't believe his luck in finding a new hobby and girlfriend.
I lost my job. I was having trouble affording my necessities. I didn't have enough money to pay rent. I searched online for money making opportunities. I discovered Amazon Mechanical Turk.
Susie and her band was given achievement awards at school. They had to go up on stage. Everyone gave the teacher a hug but her. The audience laughed. Susie felt very embarrassed.
Amy got a flat tire on the way home from work. She called Triple A and waited nervously. A truck pulled up behind her, but it wasn't Triple A. It was a man who stopped to help and he changed the tire for her. Amy drove away, happy there were still good samaritans in the world.
A mighty oak tree had a long branch that was above a house. The branch was weakened in a terrible storm. Now the branch was cracked and barely attached. A strong wind blew and the branch wobbled. The branch broke and fell on the house.
Janice had finally made marching band. She had been trying for a while. The band was set to play a big game at halftime. She went out onto the field. Playing in the marching band was everything she hoped it would be.
Rucksack Rod was a traveling hobo. He got by on the kindness of others. The trains would often slow just enough for him to get on. While on the rails one day, he spied a girl who looked hungry. Rod shared what food he could with her.
I always liked the idea of swimming on New Year's Day. In 2009 we decided to swim in the ocean. We did it early, going in on December 27th at a beach in Boston. My daughter, son, and son in law went in. The water was cold but we enjoyed ourselves.
I brought my son to the doctors. He was so scared to go. He had to get a few shots. He hates getting shots. He cried the whole time.
Tina played in a tennis match against a very good opponent. However, Tina won the match. The local newspaper wanted to interview her on her success. During the interview, Tina said very nice things about her opponent. Because of this, everybody thought Tina was a good sport.
Shane always drank his coffee with milk and two sugars. He went to the same coffee shop for ten years. One day he got really sick after drinking his coffee. He wasn't lactose intolerant or anything. The coffee shop forgot to put new milk out that and it went sour.
Campbell's mom had retired recently. Campbell knew his mom was very bored without her job. One day he caught his mom practicing on their old piano. She was terrible but Campbell encouraged her to keep it up. With his encouragement, Campbell's mom learned to play beautifully.
Chloe had a cell phone that she loved very much. One day Chloe dropped her cell phone onto the ground. She tried to fix it all afternoon with no success. Chloe then drove to the store and bought a new cell phone. She decided that she loved this cell phone more than the last.
Maria was sleeping when the alarm went on. She rushed to the sound, a pan in her hand. It was her fire alarm beeping to say the battery was low. She changed the battery. And she climbed back into bed, pan forgotten on the floor.
It was crazy hair day. Tina was happy about that. This was because she could experiment with it. Tina ended up winning. She was happy about that.
I grew up in Chinatown in Boston. On Friday nights the Chinese rented a movie theater. They showed Chinese movies at 11 PM. One day my brother and I got in early and watched some softcore porn. The movie theater was located in the Combat Zone.
Lisa is driving home from work. While driving she hits a rock in the road. Her car goes off the side of the road. She gets out to see what's wrong with her car. She notices she has a flat tire and calls someone for help.
Lara bought the latest iphone. She planned to show her cousin the cell phone. She left it in her coat jacket at home. Lara had to run two blocks back home to retrieve it. She was out of breath by the time she arrived at her cousin's home.
I decided to take my pet python outside for some fresh air. While we were outside, I thought I'd snap some photos. My python had other ideas. I had to spend the entire time untangling her from a chair. Next time, I'll take pictures while she's caged.
Dustin works the overnight shift at the local factory. Usually he sleeps all day so he can be awake for his work. However, one day he tries to stay awake during the day and night. He falls asleep at his factory job. Dustin is fired from his job.
I was walking to the local coffee shop. As soon as I looked around, I can into my friend Don. He was kissing another female other than his wife. He saw me in the shop and begged me not to tell anyone. Since we're close friends, I kept his promise.
Bob and his friends really enjoyed hiking. They decided to hike on a section of the AT. They got all their gear together and set out. They hiked on the AT for 4 days. Bob and his friends all had such a blast.
Jerry was walking his dog. His dog started barking at a passing car. Afterwards, his dog got loose from the leash. Jerry chased after his dog. Jerry was all out of breath when he finally caught his dog.
Erin loved to play football. He always played with his friends after school. He friends played to rough for him. They often hurt him by tackling him. He stopped playing football with them.
Bryan was back from vacation. He had work today. He was not excited. He got into work. He found he wasn't behind on his work.
Henry walked off the bus and walked towards his house. A huge thunderstorm came out after several minutes. To avoid getting soaked, he stood in the shade in front of a house. After an hour, the storm continued to occur. He tried running but a gust of wind blew him away.
Marie wanted some new clothes for the start of school. Her mother gave her a list of chores to earn some of the money. Marie finished her chores and her mother took her to the mall. She found new jeans, shirts, socks and tennis shoes. Marie was excited to pick one of the new outfits for her first day.
It was 7 AM when Gina's grandma woke her up. She insisted Gina wake up for breakfast. Gina washed her face and brushed her teeth. She expected to eat with her Grandma. But her grandma had already eaten, so Gina ate alone.
Burt and Julie were thrilled to be at the circus. They had decided to take turns choosing what to see. However, Burt's pick of the motorcycle riders was difficult to find. They almost gave up, when they heard the motorcycle engines revving. Around the next stall they found the riders putting on their show.
Ben is a 10 year old boy. He is told he needs his tonsils removed. Ben is scared of surgery. Ben becomes brave and is ready for surgery. The surgery goes well and Ben's tonsils are removed.
Ed and Lisa were walking around the lake. They had a bag of bread to feed to the ducks. The ducks noticed the bag and started swarming them. They opened the bag, tossing bread to the hungry birds. The ducks quacked loudly for more but the bag was empty!
Trichelle rode her bike to work everyday. On the way, she ran into a mini storm. When the storm ended, Trichelle was soaked. She went back home to change her clothes. Before she left again, she put on a rain coat.
Danielle used to love doing all kinds of activities. She loved crafts, sports, reading and more. There wasn't really anything she didn't like. As she got older and got a job, the repetitive nature made her bitter. She didn't like to do anything anymore.
Tom's aunt passed away. Her body wasn't found for days. Tom was responsible for cleaning the apartment. It was disgusting in every way imaginable. Tom spent days properly cleaning it.
Jeff is a stay at home dad and he loves it. His wife is a doctor and makes plenty of money for both of them. Jeff cleans, cooks, and takes care of their baby. Sometimes Jeff's wife gets upset because she had a bad day at work. At least she gets to come home to a clean house and a cooked meal.
In sixth grade I hit puberty. It was like it happened over night. I was sitting in school next to the girl I liked. My teacher called my name during roll call. To this day, that crush of mine still calls me squeaky.
I decided to be adventurous today. I decided I wanted to cut my own hair. I went to the drugstore to get scissors. When I went home I took them out and started cutting. But to my disbelief, I cut my hand while doing so.
My sister-in-law Arlene is 69. Recently her granddaughter lost her 4 kids to neglect. Arlene took temporary custody of 2 kids, a 10 and a 2 year old. She got too tired of watching them. Luckily, the granddaughter's mother took the two children in.
John grew up stocking freezers for his parent's business. He would slide bottles of water and soft drinks onto the shelves. For many years he did this simple to task to help his parents. He eventually grew tired of it. But now he is very resilient to the cold.
Claudia was reading a book about the ice age. She wished that the earth was colder. She turned on her air conditioning. She made it extremely cold in the house. After an hour, Claudia was tired of the cold.
Ken was sad. He didn't think anyone loved him. He didn't talk to anyone at school. He didn't even talk to his teachers. Ken was reassured by his mother that he would always be loved.
Lisa went for her routine bike ride. Only this time, she noticed an abandoned house. She stopped to look in the house. It was full of amazing, old antiques. Some days turn out to be great adventures.
Mandy was a struggling actress. She worked very hard and eventually got a leading role. She went on a very popular late night show to promote her movie. Mandy was so charismatic she became an overnight sensation. Mandy lived a very affluent life after that.
Sam was so excited about getting the newest phone. He decided to get to the store when it opened so he could be first. Other people had the same idea. Sam had to wait in line for hours. When it was finally his turn, the phone was sold out.
Kenny rushed to the doctor's office. His vitals were taken and he was sent to an office. A doctor took a quick inspection of him. When he was about to leave the office, the doctor called him. They mentioned something unusual in his blood results.
Charles had always had trouble with the law. He found himself in and out of jail most of his life. After turning 40 years old Charles was headed back to prison. While serving 10 years he found god. Charles is now 75 years old and has never gone back.
Harold was asked to go hunting. His dad asked him to go. He decided he didn't want to. He told his dad he didn't want to hunt quail. His dad understood.
A prisoner was able to sneak in a lot of stage makeup into jail. He spent hours one night putting on makeup to change his face. The prisoner fooled the guards into thinking he was the warden. The prisoner walked out the front door without any suspicion. No one realized he was gone for hours.
Kelsi's mom had just cleaned the floor. Kelsi ran into the room. Kelsi's socks slid across the wood floor. Kelsi slid into the counter. She bruised her arm badly.
Tom forgot to set his alarm. In the morning he woke up really late. Tom freaked out and tried to hurry to work. Unfortunately his boss had already called. Tom had been fired.
Tom was doing bad at work. He didn't want anyone to be upset. He decided to take donuts for everyone. Tom's co-workers were pleased by the gesture. They still told him to do a better job, though.
I missed father's day this year. My father figure is not biological, so I chose the day he became dad. As a joke, I bought him a tie. I wrapped it in a box with a cute card. He said he was going to kill me if I got him a tie.
One day I bought a ticket to Vidcon, to see Shane Dawson. It was a very long road trip, but we made it. Once I got there, I took in line for 3 hours. When I got to the front of the line, I met Shane Dawson. He took a picture with me, and then I went home.
Erik wanted a pet. His parents decided he could have a fish. He was so happy. He reached in the tank to pet his new friend. Then his parents made him flush it down the toilet, RIP.
It took us three days to climb the mountain. As we neared the top we found a place to make camp. We layed down our gear and decided to check the view. Above the trees on a rocky hill we stood. The whole valley lay out before us in all its beauty.
Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi. He had a strong preference for coca-cola. He went out to lunch with some friends and ordered a coke. The waitress said they only had pepsi. His friends were shocked when he got up and left.
Amanda loved nature and to hike in the woods. One day she got lost as she went too far with her hike. Then she remembered about landmarks for when you're lost. She hiked up higher so she could find one she recognized. Thankfully she did and made her way back home safely.
The team was defeated. They sat quietly in the locker room. The coach addressed each player individually. He told them that they were pathetic. Five of the players quit the team.
When I was a child, I went to the lake with my brothers. My older brother was able to walk along the bottom of the lake. My little brother said the lake was too deep and refused to enter. The bottom of the lake was too deep for me to walk along. I did, however, manage to swim across the lake.
June sat down in her family's cabin. She noticed something move in the corner of her eye. When she went to inspect, a snake slithered out! June ran screaming from the cabin. From that day on, June never went alone to the cabin.
Ed is a school bus driver. He has been doing this job for forty Year's. People always laughed at Ed and said that he had to find a better job. This is the year that Ed is going to retire. He proved people wrong because he now has a great retirement plan.
Jenna was going to cook dinner. She brought out her cookbook full of her favorite recipes. She picked her top ten favorite meals. Her kids picked the one they wanted that night. Jenna was happy they had been a part of the decision.
Kyle needed a new shirt. He found one that was blue with stripes. When he got to the cash register, he did not have enough. Luckily his mom decided to help him. Kyle was glad he finally found the shirt.
I hated my wife. She had stopped loving me a long time ago. I decided to have an affair. She didn't care. I realized that I wanted a divorce.
Jack went to the casino with his friends last night. Normally when they go they just play the slots. Jack had never won anything. Him and his friends tried the slots again. To his delight, jack won ten thousand dollars.
Tom had a heavy duty backpack. It was so thick he did not like using it for small day trips. Tom needed to purchase a new backpack. .Tom purchased a smaller backpack. Tom was very happy with his new and small backpack.
Todd was completely enthralled by his girlfriend. He was so enraptured, he didn't hear the music she played in her car. When asked, he claimed he liked it, too. But it turned out it was music he hated. He spent the next fifty years happily listening to that awful music.
We celebrated Saint Patrick's Day today. I wore green beads and a green shirt. My wife wore a green blouse. We took her sister out to eat and got free pancakes for wearing green. it was a fun day.
Julie usually takes her dog outside to potty before she goes to bed. She was preoccupied one night and forgot to take him out. Her dog had an accident on the floor. Julie slipped and fell into the mess. Julie vowed to never forget to take her dog out again.
When I was young, my family and I traveled a lot by car. I loved looking outside and discovering new landscapes. But no matter what, I always ended up being sick. My father would have to pull over and I would go out. When I came back in, I couldn't enjoy the trip anymore.
I saw a mouse in my house. I tried to catch it, but it was too fast. I asked my neighbors if I could borrow their cat, Daisy. We brought Daisy into my house and she saw the mouse. Daisy ran after the mouse and caught it.
John was anxious to open his new sushi restaurant. He had hired a renowned sushi chef. He prepared amazing rolls for John to sample. When the restaurant opened, all the diners raved about the food. John thanked the chef for making it a success.
The man wanted pizza. He found a deal online. He ordered his pizza. He waited to receive it. The pizza never came.
I've been reading my way through the works of Plato. My biggest question is whether Socrates actually existed. If not, Plato was very clever for inventing him. I've asked professors about this. They informed me that we can not be sure, but he probably existed.
Jon was arrested for robbery. He was booked at the police station. The officers took his fingerprints and mugshots. Jon was ashamed for what he did. He was sentenced to five years.
Jane was working from home one day and had put her dog outside. She got a text from a neighbor saying they saw her dog roaming around. Jane looked in the backyard, and sure enough, her dog was not there. She ran outside calling her dog's name and yelling the word, treat. She was nearby, eating a donut that was stuck to the road for days.
Jane had long hair. She almost never cut it. One day she decided to get rid of it. She cut it and donated it all. There was a lot of hair for cancer patients.
Tiger was a mascot for his local soccer team. He wore a dolphin outfit. Tiger complained, and asked that they change their name to the Tigers. The team agreed, and they changed the name. Now Tiger is a Tiger mascot and is happy.
Lena just arrived in the country and was struggling with money. She found a window cleaner's job but it didn't pay very well. To supply her income she had to work at night. But it made her very tired during the day. To resolve her problem, she found a better paying job.
Dan searched his son's room. He found pornography. He approached his son about the magazines. His son denied owning them. Dan let his son off easy.
Stephanie was stuck in traffic. There appeared to be an accident on the freeway. She groaned and decided to turn on the radio. Her favorite song was playing. Without hesitation she turned the volume on full blast.
Tee wanted to paint her nails. She borrowed some polish from her mom. Then she applied it carefully. When it dried, she slicked on another coat. Her nails came out beautifully!
Beth loved her dog Scout. One day, Scout ran away. Beth searched for days for her lost pet. Luckily, Scout was found nine days later. Beth was so happy to be reunited with her best friend.
I was sitting on the bench reading today. My neighbors Sara and her son Julian saw me and talked awhile. We talked about politics, sports, and coffee. Julian, who is five, played with my cane. They left to go to the library, bidding me farewell.
Fred missed the winning basket during the basketball game. He felt awful and sulked for a week. Finally the coach told him to snap out of it and stay late today. The coach had Fred shoot that shot he missed one hundred times. Since then Fred has never missed that shot in a game!
Tom had an old chair in his living room. Everyone made fun of him for it. Tom liked it for sentimental reasons. It had been in his family for a long time. Tom never got rid of it until it broke.
Lindsay needed to clean her office. She decided to start with the bigger items to throw away. She then gathered smaller trash items. Lindsay was finally at the organizing stage after that. She was happy with the outcome of her work.
The speedometer was broken on Cal's car. Cal sped through town. A cop pulled Cal over. Cal was given a ticket for speeding. Cal had to prove to the court his speedometer wasn't working.
Sue was learning how to drive. She was determined she was going to get her driver's license. As she was learning, she accidentally backed into a parked car. After that, Sue decided driving was not for her. Sue decided she would walk from now on.
Andrea's mouth was watering. She was making her famous tacos for dinner! Her kids were equally as excited. She served them to her family with a smile on her face. They all gobbled them up immediately.
Darin and Kathy climbed onto the roof of the house. They then laid on their backs, looking at the night sky. As they chatted about their day, a flash of light caught their eye. A shooting star fell across the sky. The sight was the highlight of the evening.
Tom auditioned for the lead role in a school play. He got the part and was very excited. However, Tom became overconfident in his acting abilities. He skipped rehearsal several times. On opening night of the play, Tom forgot his lines.
The score of the football game was fourteen to zero. The team that was ahead lost their quarterback. By the end of the third quarter it was tied. The team got their quarterback back in the fourth quarter. They went on to win the game.
Sam bought some expensive clothes. He bought a fifty dollar shirt. He bought sixty dollar jeans. He then saw a homeless man with no shirt. He decided to donate the clothes to the homeless man.
Sasha was riding a public bus. But a man kept staring at her. And after she got off the bus, the man followed her. Sasha started to run away. But the man gave her the bus pass she dropped.
My old boss called this morning. He had a question on MA state procurement issues. Luckily, I had just read the MA regulations. I emailed him the excerpts he needed. He was grateful.
The girl was starting dance class. She bought a new leotard for the occasion. It was pink and purple spotted. She put on the leotard and was so excited to start dancing. It was going to be a great year!
Laura wanted to learn the piano. Her family had a piano downstairs for all her life. She never used it but wanted to learn. One day she asked her mom for lessons, and she gave her them. She learned the piano over the course of a few weeks and enjoyed it!
Bee has never been on a date. When Roy asks her to lunch, she's very excited. That same night, her mom says she has to babysit her brother. Bee suggests dinner to Adam instead. Bee, her brother and Adam all watch a movie and eat pizza.
Mary's favorite holiday is Halloween. Every year, she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest. This year, she decided to make a Betty Boop costume. It took her two weeks to get her costume put together just right. Mary's Betty Boop costume won first place in the costume contest.
Rita is out at burger king with her family. She is enjoying her usual meal. While eating she gets something in her throat. Rita is choking and needs help. A burger king employee comes and saves Rita from choking.
My cousin invited us to her house. She prepared food and decided to buy drinks. Since I didn't want to feel like an outsider, I had some alcohol. My stomach started to hurt after drinking. As a result, I went home early.
For Christmas I was given a gift card to my favorite restaurant. I did not use it for a few months. In March, I decided to use it for my anniversary. When we went to pay, the card did not work. Apparently the gift giver never activated the card for me.
ISIS kidnapped a woman's five year-old son. The woman was sad. She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help. The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp. The rebels freed the woman's son from the camp.
Lisa had a job interview in three days. She was nervous and unprepared. Lisa decided to study for the interview. She practiced for nine hours every day. Lisa was now confident and she did great at the interview.
Gary went to the store. He bought a carton of milk. He dropped the milk on his way home. The milk carton cracked at the bottom. Gary drank as much as he could before it spilled.
Kate got a new haircut. She got it really short. Most of her friends thought she looked cute. A couple said she looked like a boy. Kate took the compliments more importantly.
The kids were doing an experiment. The mixed up a solution in a beaker. The solution changed color quickly. They had learned a lot before they were finished. Then they poured the beakers down the sink.
I was very nervous about my driver's test. I didn't know how to parallel park. My instructor was not friendly. Turns out I didn't have to parallel park. I passed the test and now can drive.
Tom had a penpal. He took a photo of himself and sent it to her. She liked the photo very much. They decided to meet. They liked each other even more after that.
Tim's dad had done a lock-in at the rec center when he was a teenager. He remembered it fondly and thought Tim would enjoy the same thing. So when he read about the YWCA Lock-In, he signed Tim up right away. At first Tim was reluctant to go, but soon found himself having fun. In the morning, he emerged laughing and joking with his new friends!
Horace was drafted. He got sent to camp. He trained really hard. He was about to go out to war. The war ended early.
Kay and Sara worked together at Macy's. Sara decided to take her break before Kay. Kay waited 40 minutes for Sara to return. When she returned she told Kay she could also take a long break. Kay felt bad and went back to work on time instead.
Tom loved the summer time. He always wore tennis shoes. He noticed his feet would sweat excessively. One day he bought sandals and began wearing those instead. His feet stopped sweating and Tom loved summer even more.
I awoke very tired. I got dressed and grabbed my wallet. I walked over to the coffee shop and ordered a coffee. I sat down and drank my coffee. After I was done, I felt much better.
I tried to use the laundry room in my new apartment. The washing machine stopped working halfway through the cycle. I had to manually wring out every garment. Then I put them in the dryer, which failed to dry them. It was an awful and lengthy experience that I intend not to repeat.
It was a cold day. The wind was blowing. People were huddled together. Amy asked if Matt wanted to hug. He said no.
Her favorite food was quiche. Her son referred to it as scrambled egg pie. She didn't care, as long as he ate it! He did eat it, the whole piece! He said it was yummy!
My co-workers were working on their assignments. All of a sudden, one of the computers caught on fire. The fire moved throughout the office and got bigger. Ultimately, the fire department escorted us out of the building. Although some of our items were burned, the fire was extinguished.
Heather was sick of terry smoking cigarettes. Terry decided to quit. Heather was happy when he told her. Heather later on dumped him for another guy. Terry started smoking again.
Jim was tired. So he decided to make coffee. He boiled water on the stove. But he was so tired that he went to sleep on the couch. Jim woke up the sound of his smoke alarm.
I had a hit trapped in my queue for a very long time. No matter what I did, I couldn't get it to work. I tried waiting, but nothing happened. I tried emailing, but got no response. I finally gave up and returned the hit.
Mary had a very solid idea what French food consisted of. She thought French food was just frog legs and snails. Her parents decided to take her to a French restaurant. Mary protested and though she would hate it. Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse.
I thought I wanted to be a teacher. I talked with a counselor about it. I interviewed people who were teachers. I took classes and did student teaching at a familiar school. I learned I do not want to be a teacher because it's not worth it.
Ali was always a very shy girl. The summer before high school, she decided it was time to change that. She went to classes on extroversion and sociability. She learned how to make friends and act outgoing. When she started high school, Ali had no problems making friends!
John was young and like to hide his older sister's barbies. He went to her room when she wasn't home and took her favorite barbie. He hid it under his bed. His sister came home and panicked, she couldn't find her barbie. John felt bad and returned the barbie to his sister.
I went to a nightclub with my friends. I was very nervous because i did not know how to dance. I was shaking as I walked in. When I got there I noticed that my friends couldn't dance either. That made me comfortable for the rest of the night.
Jessica had a feeling her boyfriend was cheating. She decided to follow him one day. Jessica was careful to keep her distance as she followed him. She then saw him kissing a girl in a restaurant. Jessica was devastated to find out what she knew all along.
Janice wanted some orange juice with her breakfast. She looked in the fridge but she was all out. Janice decided to go to the orange tree in the backyard. Janice picked about 10 oranges off the tree. She squeezed some juice and had it for breakfast.
Gina approached the photographer and he told her to sit down. His helpers tried to make Gina sit properly in the picture. When the photographer took a picture, Gina immediately sneezed. She didn't decided to do a retake and walked away. However, she got a chance to see her photo and it came out bad.
Marion needed to get school supplies for her son. She couldn't afford much, though. She heard about a free backpack giveaway. She brought her son and he got a backpack. Inside were all of the supplies he needed.
Liza took off her shoes and smelled them. They stunk really badly. She sprayed them with a special spray she found. The next day her feet started to itch badly. It was a poison ivy spray.
My cross country team had a talent show. Three girls dressed up in grass skirts. They wore coconut bras. Then they danced to a country song. It was the best act of the night.
Nate finished printing out his documents at the copying station. He printed out 10 colored pages by accident. He told the cashier that be printed out 30 black and white pages. As a result, he wasn't charged for the color pages. Nate took his receipt and walked quickly out of the building.
Podnle Oddnle was a doctor. He performed a successful heart bypass. This bypass saved a young girl's life. Her family thanked the doctor with a check. The check was for so much, Podnle Oddnle quit being a doctor.
Jill woke up hungry. Jill decided to cook some eggs. Jill didn't have any eggs. Jill had to resort to eating cereal. Jill bought eggs later that night.
Steve's car kept breaking down. He knew he needed a new one. Steve checked reviews online. He chose the most reliable one. Steve went to the dealership to buy the car.
Terry left the front door open to the house when he left for school. The family dog would escape and run out the door. Terry would have to go find the dog when he got home from school. Terry and his parents would search all over for their dog. He would be scolded for leaving the door open.
Travis had a dog. He was almost out of dog food. Travis didn't have money to buy the dog's food. Travis borrowed money from his brother. He used the money to buy a bag of dog food.
Ben found a wallet on the street. The owner's identification was inside, along with nearly $300 dollars. Ben called the owner. The man was so grateful that he gave Ben a reward. It was half the money in the wallet, nearly $150!
I took the dog to the vet last week. When we got there, a woman was bringing in a trailer. Inside the trailer was a beautiful quarter horse. We walked up and asked to pet him. She smiled and let us sit on him too.
I was so happy when my parents gave me my very first car. I drove it to school and showed it to my friends. After school I was challenged to a race. I took up the challenge and we sped down the road away from school. I lost control and hit a pole, totaling the brand new car!
When I was a teenager I smoked marijuana. I didn't think it was going to harm me. All of my friends were doing it. I didn't want to feel left out. However, it ended up getting me fired from my first job.
Helen's one year old son named Gene is a very picky eater. Gene used to love eating all the time but now he hardly eats. Helen has tried so many different ways to get him to eat more. Finally after many attempts she got Gene to eat some dried fruit. Gene loved the fruit so much he started to eat other things too.
Neal hit his head on a cabinet door. It cut his head open. Neal's hair fell around the cut. He was self-conscious about the cut's look. Neal wore a hat for a while.
Kelly was about to get married. She was having a small simple wedding to suit her tastes. She even tried doing her hair herself, but she hated it. Luckily her cousin announced that she was good at fun hair styling. With her help, Kelly looked beautiful for her wedding.
Lucy was having an argument with her grandma May. May giving Lucy a ride, but she was tired of waiting for her. Lucy was taking her time because she wanted to look her best. May reminded Lucy it was rude to keep her waiting. Lucy stormed out to the car in a huff.
Jerry practiced hard for the marathon. When the day came he was very prepared. He actually finished it before anybody else. It wasn't until days later that he found out he cheated. He had taken a shortcut without knowing it.
Maria was on her way to work. She was wearing white pants. When she stopped at a light, she took a drink of coffee. However, she missed her mouth and it dropped to her pants. Luckily she had stain remover.
Anna had a dentist appointment. It was her first one, and she was afraid. But the dentist was very kind to her. He made Anna very relaxed. She was never again scared to visit the dentist!
John wanted to make Thanksgiving Dinner. John did not know how to cook! John burned the turkey, the greens, and the ham! When the family came over, the house smelled terrible! John served pizza which was delicious!
Beau was excited about his cute new puppy. His parents were upset though because the puppy kept urinating inside. Beau got tired of them nagging him and wanted to return the pup. But the little guy was too cute and Beau decided he was being unfair. He started taking the puppy out for regular walks, which fixed things.
Joe and Andrew had an argument about who can eat the most wings. To settle the debate they ordered wings from pizza hut. They made a bet, loser pays the winner fifty dollars. The competition was close but Andrew won. Joe paid Andrew fifty dollars.
Hank didn't want to go to college after high school. He got a job at a local pizza shop after graduation. The pizza shop wasn't in a very good neighborhood. One night two men came in and robbed the pizza shop at gunpoint. Hank quit his job at the pizza place, and enrolled in college.
Every year the smiths get together for a large clam bake. The smiths have a blast each time. Kelly was responsible for getting all the clams. The family had so much fun at this event. They couldn't wait to have it again next year.
Kristy has been striking out with men lately. She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly. None of them have yet to work out though. As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating. In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with!
The boys made a campfire outside of the tent. Everyone got together and made smores. Several crickets came out of the bush. However, they wasn't aware of the fire and flew into it. The fire burned them.
One day at work Julie begins to hiccup. Her coworkers suggest she drink a lot of water. Still her hiccups persist. Julie holds her breath for a long time and finally the hiccups end. She feels much more comfortable now.
Dan went jogging down a busy street on a rainy night. After a few miles jog, he decided it was too wet and turned back. Upon turning around, he found that there were two dogs behind him. Putting his hand out, one nipped him on the hand. Dan turn back around, and sprinted the long way home.
Levi spilled coffee on his shorts. He took off his shorts. He put his shorts in the sink. He washed the shorts by hand. The coffee was removed from the pants.
Tom had his cat for several years. It got really sick. There wasn't anything the vet could do to help. Tom decided to put it down. He cried a lot when it happened.
The students received an email about a sale in the bookstore. As soon as the bell rung, everyone decided to run to the store. I wanted to shop for supplies however, it was hard to get inside. I decided to leave the store. During the next day, the sale was no longer present.
The baby was taught by her parents. The baby learned some new things. The baby started to say the ABC's. The ABC's were easy for her to say. The parents were so proud!
Today it was Julie's birthday. His dad didn't give him a gift. This made Julie very sad. But it turns out that his dad was saving a surprise. And so he gave her a very expensive gift.
Harry is a 78 year old retired professor who lives in the building. He is very lonely and tries to talk to people. A new concierge just came on last week. Harry talked to him for 2 hours. The concierge finally told Harry he was busy.
Tim was driving through the forest one night. Suddenly his car sputtered and died. Tim was terrified! He had to get out and walk to the nearest town for help. Tim was exhausted and unhappy by the time he arrived.
The Chinese ferment eggs until they are black. They smell very bad. I offered my niece $5 to eat a black egg. She almost threw up but she ate it. I gave her $10 for her troubles.
Jeremy loved cake. The local store was out of cake. Jeremy decided to bake his own cake. The store was out of cake ingredients. Thankfully, his neighbor had some cake to share.
I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly. I looked at my bank account and I had enough money. I went to the store with my debit card. I walked inside and tried to buy a playstation 4. Unfortunately, my card was declined for fraud alert.
I wanted a soda fountain drink. I went outside to walk to the store. After thirty minutes of walking, I saw the convenience store. I went inside and got the soda. I paid for it and enjoyed it.
Kara was playing soccer against a rival team. The game was tied, and nearly over. Then Kara scored the winning goal! Everyone cheered and Kara laughed with joy! The team hoisted her off on their shoulders!
My mother wanted a new dog. We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers. He told us to come by his home, because he had two left. When we got there, we realized the dogs were quite attached. We ended up taking them both home!
Tim was driving home from work. He stayed late to make more money. At night another car crashed into him. The other driver was drunk and survived. Tim was killed on impact.
Maria wanted to look great on vacation. She bought a new swimsuit. She put it on on the first day and walked down to the pool. Maria felt confident and happy. The suit had been a great pick!
My friend Tio is forty three and single. He has had several relationships. They do not last long. Tonight he is dating a thirty-six year old nurse. I sent him an email of encouragement.
Kelli got called in to go to work. Her babysitter wasn't able to watch her son. Kelli asked her sister if she could watch her son. Kelli brought her son to her sister's house. Kelli went in to work.
Tim forgot to wear deodorant one day. By lunchtime he was sweaty. He could smell himself. Tim sneaked to a store and bought some deodorant. It helped greatly.
Kate has a essay due in a week. She decided to work on a page every day. When it was due all she had to do was print it. However, when Kate went to print, it was gone. Kate had to pull an allnighter and rewrite her essay.
She had finally broken it off with John. He'd been controlling and sometimes violent. She heard the sirens before the cop car pulled up. They'd found her ex-boyfriend with a pair of binoculars in a tree. He said he'd only been watching birds.
Jim thought it would be funny to pull a prank on his teacher. He decided to put a thumbtack on her seat. She sat down and it stuck into her. She screamed and was very upset. He was easily found out and got into a lot of trouble.
My mom warned Matt that the grill is hot. Although he heard her, he wasn't taking her seriously. At the same time, he was playing football around the grill. When Maggie threw the ball, it landed on the grill. Hot chard was spilled over Matt.
Our minister had hired me to tend to his garden. That's what I was doing, when I saw my Mom come by. She was as surprised to see me as I was her. I asked her what on earth she was doing there, on a weekday. She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant.
Mason loved his girlfriend with all of his heart. Any time she was sad he would do everything in his power to help her. One day she came home with tears in her eyes. She didn't make it past her job interview. Mason took her out to an entertainment park to make her smile.
Katie was failing math. She decided to study a lot more. She devoted many hours to improving her math skills. By the next semester, her grade had risen significantly. Katie was very proud of herself!
I love watching horror movies especially at night. The last horror movie that i watched is paranormal activity. I was so scared because i thought it was the actual video. I've been believing that it was real for years. I'm always scared at night thinking that someone will pull my feet.
Omar had not prepared for the test. He sat down in class behind a smart kid. Omar did his best to copy from the smart kid. Omar scored a B+ on the exam. Omar proudly showed off his test score to his friends.
I made a video with my friends the other day. We made it about a trip to the beach we took once. All my friends helped me make the video. It took a long time to edit the video. When I was done editing the video I showed it to my friends.
Rhonda wanted a new backpack. Her backpack was white and dingy. She asked her mother for a new backpack. Her mother decided they should dye her old one a new color instead. They dyed the backpack bright blue!
Little Susie wanted a puppy all of her young life. She begged her parents for one on a daily basis. Susie's brother was allergic, so they couldn't get one. However, one day, he went off to college. Susie's parents finally got her the puppy she always wanted!
It was free slurpee day at 7/11. Mariah and her sister made their way there. When they arrived, there was a pretty long day. They decided to wait it out. When it was their turn, they filled up the largest cup.
We took a bus to the haunted hotel. The guide said it was built in the 1800s. The doctor used it as a sick hospital. Hundreds of people died there. It was rumored to be a haunted place.
There is a tunnel under the river. You are not allowed to walk through it. I wondered why. There is a lack of oxygen there. I found that out when using a motorcycle.
Shane had an intense fear of rollercoasters. One day, Shane's crush invited him to a theme park with friends. Shane agreed to attend but agonized over the roller coaster rides. In order to impress his crush, Shane rode the tallest roller coaster. Since that day, Shane has loved riding roller coasters!
Kelsi was very nervous to meet her boyfriend Tom's parents. She knew they were very strict. Tom brought her over to his parents house on the weekend. When his mother answered the door, Kelsi flinched. However to her surprise, his mother was very nice.
My dad smokes and we have all told him to stop. No matter what we say he still smokes. One day he was coughing so he went to the doctor. The doctor told my dad he has lung cancer. If that doesn't make him stop I don't know what will.
Jose was very strong for his age. Every day at recess his favorite game was king of the mountain. He would win every time. No one could take Jose off his perch. Jose really was king of the mountain.
Oliver felt like he'd spent hours unwrapping caramels. But it would be worth his time and effort. Him mom was making caramel apples when he had them all open. She dipped the apples into the melted caramel. He got to eat one right away as a reward for his hard work.
My coworker used to drink Grand Marnier and pineapple juice. My wife was looking for a drink to try tonight. She had Grand Marnier but no pineapple juice. She did find orange pineapple juice and mixed that. She said the drink was fun.
Ali had been slapped, and had her hair pulled by a bully. Ali didn't want to, but knew she had to fight. As the girls fought a crowd formed around them. A teacher spotted the crowd as she was leaving the school. The teacher sent both girls to the principal to be punished.
The cat sat in the humane society's cage. It was lonely waiting for a new owner. One day, a new puppy was placed in the cage across the room. The two locked eyes and began howling at one another. The cat realized the dog's barking was a friendly, calming gesture!
Tuesday was such a long day. I had school, practice, a club meeting, then homework. It felt like there wasn't enough time in the day. I was up until 3 in the morning doing homework. I only ended up getting 4 hours of sleep.
Sally liked pie. But not a certain kind. Pumpkin was the worst to her. When someone gave her a pumpkin pie. She would always throw it right back at them.
I was hungry. I looked in the refrigerator. There was some cold pizza in a box. I looked at the pizza and it was moldy and it smelled funny. I called my favorite takeout restaurant.
Kate loved clothes and fashion. She thought about modeling. But she didn't want to spend her life eating nothing! Then she had another idea. Kate became a designer and worked with clothes every day!
My wife went to a party. They were selling cleaning supplies there. She liked it so much that she bought some. We tried it on the Windows and loved it. We then bought some more since we enjoyed it.
Jane was a piano player. Today it was her recital. She played great. Suddenly, the scores from piano stand fell down on the floor. She continued playing like nothing happened.
Lisa had always been afraid of snakes. Fortunately she had never seen a live one, except at the zoo. One day she was walking when she noticed something on the sidewalk. It was a black snake slithering across the sidewalk! She was afraid at first but realized it wasn't going to bother her.
Roni is a cat lover. But she married a man who hates cats. They both liked birds so they went to a pet store to find one. The only pet there was a 6 week old yorkie that she fell in love with. On an impulse she bought the yorkie and has had her for 3 years now.
We went to our building's club room for coffee last night. There were several people there. We saw a 73 year old man try to talk to a young woman. She was polite, but stopped talking to him. My wife remarked that the old man needed to stop bothering women.
Amy had a race to attend this Saturday. She has been training all season for this race. She decided to relax a week before the race to not overwork herself. She felt clear minded on the day of the race. She managed to get first place!
Dave worked at a place near the pool. He wanted to swim. However, there was a no swim policy. He swam anyways. As a consequence, he was reprimanded.
Samuel took one look at the woman. He knew he recognized her from somewhere. She was his old teacher. He had been very scared of her in school. But now she was just a weak, old woman.
Tom was a clock collector. He loved the movements and details. He obsessed over the time. His wife thought he needed a change. Buying him a watch only slightly shifted his obsession.
An older boy knock down a smaller boy on a beach. The small boy grabbed a stick off the beach and stood up. He brandished the stick in the direction of the older boy. The older boy was not phased by this threat. The younger boy charged and whacked the older boy.
Norma had a history of depression, anxiety and mania. She had endured many hospitalizations due to her mental illness. Those inpatient experiences were painful so she did wish to repeat it. She did her best to take care of herself and be aware of her emotions. Over time she learned how to avoid hospitalization through self care.
Gina was so excited for prom. She could hardly wait! She counted down every day for months. It dragged on forever - she was so eager! Finally it was prom night, and Gina was so happy!
Carly's husband had gone out on a snowmobile trip. While he was gone, a huge snow storm hit. It started to get late and her husband hadn't come home. She was very worried about him, and called state troopers. Luckily, they found him and his friends in the woods safe.
When I was little, I thought care bears were real. When someone made me angry, I gave them a care bear stare. They always thought I was just glaring at them. Little did they know the powers I thought I had. My glares never did anything to them, though.
Jan sat in the dark closet trying not to the think about the spiders. Logic told her that they couldn't escape out of the jars. Suddenly, it didn't matter anymore. The closet door was thrown open. Staring down at her, was something worse than spiders--her brothers.
She was too young to learn it. He wanted to teach her algebra. She fought back because she didn't know how to even multiply. He hit her for getting answers wrong. She cried but couldn't escape it.
Sarah thought she was a great skier. She asked Steve if he wanted to race her. They flew down the hill. They were neck and neck when Sarah pulled ahead to take the lead. She was thrilled that she won the race.
Jasmine had a big essay due tomorrow. She procrastinated until the last day. She spent the entire night at the library. She was able to complete her essay in the morning. She fell asleep immediately after she turned it in.
Allison was eating some candy. She was told to save some for later. But she ate all of it. Her mom was angry. She then took her doll away.
My son's high school made the freshmen join a club. The club meetings were held during a study session. Since I played chess, he joined the chess club. He said he had fun playing, but never got beyond beginner level. He still plays chess on occasion.
Mary loved painting the countryside. She went to the country every weekend to do so. Unfortunately, one day her car broke down in the middle of the city. She had no choice but go back home and paint from there. She ended up doing a nice painting of a building and was satisfied.
The Olympians stood at attention. They faced their flag as they were awarded their gold medals. They were incredibly proud and patriotic. When they had their medals, they all waved their own flags. The flag was very symbolic and special for them that day.
Melanie was always leaving things in her pockets. Her mother always forgot to check before doing laundry. One day her mom pulled the laundry out of the dryer. She found black stains all over everything. Melanie had left handfuls of pens in her pocket and ruined everything.
I needed to clean up my bedroom floor. There was dust, cords, and papers on it. I didn't really want to work hard. I thought of a genius idea. I simply paid a maid to clean it up.
Bill wanted to rebrand himself. He was tired of all his friends calling him uncool. So he decided to head to the mall. He bought all new clothes to make him cool. Bill was very happy about his trip to go shopping.
Josh hated his job. One day, he made a really great choice and the boss asked to see him. The boss told him that his choice had made the company a lot of money. They gave Josh a promotion, a new office and fancy car. Josh likes his job now.
Ryan has always eaten in his room SUddenly, he starts seeing ants everywhere. He doesn't know how to get rid of them He finally sends in an exterminator. The exterminator uses a gel that kills ants.
Michael rode his bicycle to school one day. He forgot to lock up his bicycle. When he got out of school the bicycle was gone. Michael called the police and described the missing bicycle. A few days later the police called and said they found the bicycle.
Billy was headed down the road. He heard a noise in his car. He ignored it and went faster. He decided to trace another driver on the highway. Billy totally blew his engine and was left on the side of the road.
Lauren needs to buy a new car. Her old was is constantly breaking down. Lauren decides she has saved up enough money. She has a friend who is selling their newer car. Lauren buys the new car and never looks back.
Tom was a young man. Tom did not enjoy trimming his nails. Tom would refuse to trim them. Tom had a girlfriend, he accidentally scratched her one day. She made him trim his nails, he obliged.
John and Cady were excitedly preparing for their wedding day. When the day of the wedding finally came, they were so nervous. When Cady walked down the aisle, John could feel all his nerves leave. As Cady saw John, she didn't feel nervous anymore either. When they said their vows, they knew it was meant to be.
Percy was assembling a toy train track for his nephew. When his nephew Tim arrived, he was fascinated by the train. He put the engine on full speed. The train went too fast for the track, and fell off. It careened towards the toy town, and destroyed everything.
The farm was very small. It was used as a petting zoo. The local children all came to visit after school. They helped feed the animals. Some of them even got to name them.
Timmy was always obsessed with airplanes. His dream was to be a pilot. For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons. He loved every minute of it. He was sure that's what he wanted to do after that.
Doug was always very serious about marching band. He practiced all the time and was miles ahead of his peers. He even majored in instrument in college, and got a masters degree. His instrument is only in a handful of orchestras around the world. He is now in phone sales and doesn't use his degree at all.
Susan was not happy at her new job. She found herself bristling at her new supervisor's brusque attitude. Susan confided in some colleagues that she was unhappy. She discovered her co-workers shared her feelings. They all met with the supervisor and shared their feelings.
I was out walking when I saw a woman abusing her dog. She was kicking it and screaming at it. I think she was using it for a surrogate boyfriend. Whatever the case, I told a policeman what I had seen. He found the woman and took her dog away from her!
Ian put up a tall VHF tower beside his house. He started picking up what sounded like aliens talking. Ian recorded the sounds and took it to a local professor. The professor listened intently and was able to identify the talking. He told Ian it wasn't aliens but only foreign spies with hand radios.
Jane was usually shy. She was invited to the bar by her friends. Jane decided to go. ONce there they started doing karaoke. Jane was convinced to join and had fun.
Rachel was pregnant. She was riding the bus after a check-up. Suddenly, she began to feel sick. She didn't know where to throw up. Finally, she decided to do it into her purse, and hid it from the bus.
Carrie walked her dog past the bakery every day. The dog always barked seeing the goodies in the window. Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery. She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog. Carrie has the happiest dog in the neighborhood.
Susie tried some tea. Her friend recommended it. It was terrible. Susie spit it out. She never wanted it again.
Since her childhood, Anna had always loved cats. Anna had asked her family repeated to buy her a cat every birthday. Her family did not like cats so they refused for many years. When Anna was fourteen she was surprised at her birthday party. Her family gifted her with a cat which made her very happy.
Jan went to the grocery store for bananas. She saw that all the bananas were green and under-ripe. Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available. The employee said those were all the bananas they had. Jan decided to buy apples instead.
Allie needed a summer job. She wanted to save up some cash. No one was hiring however. Then her neighbor offered to hire her. Allie was thankful she got something.
Binji played poker at the casino. He wins a large sum of money. He took it to the roulette wheels. He lost all the money he made. He stumbled home disappointed.
Kayla could not wait to get a new phone. Hers had been broken for a year. She had been saving up for the newest technology. When she got her phone, she was so excited. However, just as she walked outside, she broke it.
Stanley Lubritorium was a gas station on Western Avenue in Brighton. In 1986 I drove by it at night. It still had art deco architecture and lighting. I took several photos. A year later it was demolished.
Alicia got her mail and took the elevator upstairs. All the sudden she realized she dropped some letters. They fell down the hole. Alicia freaked out. She did not know if she could retrieve them.
Jane went to the grocery store. She was shopping for some milk. Jane could choose whole milk or low fat milk. She considered that she was on a diet. Jane chose the low fat alternative.
Jane loved Cheerios. She ate them every morning. One morning though, she noticed something crunchy. She spit out her food and found a bug! Jane didn't like Cheerios anymore.
I really like Jaime. I snuck into his house one night while he was asleep. I hid in his closet and watched him breathe. My heart began to beat so fast. I quietly left out his window.
John played soccer his entire life. He was never that great. He still really loved the sport. He had a big game one night. John got the winning goal at the end of the night.
Carl tried to break up with his girlfriend last weekend. He took her somewhere public to avoid a scene. She didn't care. She blew up and threatened him in front of everyone. He decided to stay with her out of fear.
Ben was training to become a police officer. He had to take tests about crime scene investigations. On one test, Ben noticed a shoe print at the crime scene. He investigated this clue thoroughly. After the results, it dawned on him that it was his own footprint.
Mara got on the westbound train, heading out of the city. It was her sister Clare's birthday, and Mara was going to visit her. Clare never did anything or went anywhere for her birthday. Mara hadn't told Claire she was coming - it would be a surprise! Mara's train arrived just as the eastbound train Clare was on left.
Candy had bought some sweaters online. None fit so she sent them back for a return. The company claimed to be sending her a refund. Unfortunately the refund never showed up. It took a week of phone calls to sort the issue out.
McKenna had never seen a band play live before. She decided to go to a concert as soon as possible. The first one in town was a band she kind of liked. They sounded horrible live! McKenna decided just to buy CDs instead.
Sarah had a blind date planned. She was very nervous and anxious. Her date came to get her, and she walked outside to meet him. She saw him, and was completely horrified by his looks. She canceled the date, turned around and walked back inside.
Billy had to write an essay for his class tomorrow. He wrote the majority of it last week so he was not worried. When he began to finish up his essay his computer started sputtering. The screen turned blue and would not function. He emailed his teacher about an extension for his assignment.
A boy tried to scare his dad. His dad acted scared. The boy thought that was funny. The mom decided to help. She scared the boy from behind.
Liz was really good at singing. But she always sang alone! She decided to join the church choir. They practiced singing during the week. They ended up singing beautifully every Sunday!
Tanya's school was selling candy for a fundraiser. She saw one of the rewards for selling a lot of candy was a handbag. Tanya wanted the handbag. She devised a plan to sell as much candy as she could. Tanya passed her goal using her selling techniques.
Randy went to the grocery store to buy some things. He picked up his groceries and went to check out. The cashier asked if he wanted to donate a dollar to help children. Randy was sick of being asked this and said no. Disappointed, the cashier shook her head and wrung him out.
Jen won two tickets to a concert. She got the night off from work. Then she invited Sally to go with her. Sally couldn't go. Jen took her sister, Beth, instead.
Amy wanted a new dress. She wanted a cute blue one for Spring. She went to the mall in search of the perfect blue dress. She finally found the perfect one. Amy wore the dress the very next day.
Sam's family was poor but they loved each other very much. Sam knew his dad needed a new belt for Christmas, but he was broke. Then he had a great idea! He got an old belt from a neighbor and decorated it nicely. Sam's dad was very pleased with his hand-decorated belt!
Dan was an aspiring singer. He moved to nashville hoping to become one. He was set to go to his first try out. He then met another young man. His name was shay and they hit off and became best friends.
I hated math class more than anything. I couldn't understand how to do the problems. I took a practice test from the teacher's desk one day. I memorized the entire thing. On test day, I copied from memory and made an A.
An angry Kate was over a guys house. And another girl had been knocking on the door. Finally she went away. Kate began to feel calmer. Until the girl began to knock on the windows.
Cora walked into the kitchen and noticed a bad odor. She looked in the trash can to see if the smell was coming from there. The trash didn't smell, so Cora checked the cabinets. Nothing was smelly in the cabinets, so Cora checked the sink. She realized that a nasty smell was wafting from the garbage disposal!
Aya had a Japanese grandma that she had never met. After high school, her parents bought her a ticket to meet the lady. When Aya met grandma Ky, she was apprehensive at first. But soon the two women bonded over a lot of things. Before long, Aya and Ky were best friends!
Olivia was having a lot of problems. She was unhappy in all aspects of her life. She decided to get a life coach. She helped her get motivated. It helped her have some direction in her life.
Mary was writing new music. She was a famous singer. She had a new album that was due out in a few months. When the album was released, the reviews were great. The album sold a million copies.
Katie was just getting home from a sleepover. It looked like her parents weren't home for some reason. She had to sit outside the door and wait. It was almost an hour of waiting and she was so bored. Finally their car came up the driveway.
Bob fell in love with Anna. He decided he wanted to marry her. Bob saved up and bought Anna a beautiful ring. At dinner one night, Bob proposed to Anna and gave her the ring. Anna said yes and they were married six months later.
Larry and Lauren are going on a first date. Larry takes Lauren to play putt putt golf. Lauren doesn't like golf, but likes Larry, so she is ok with it. Lauren hits her golf ball in the water, and Larry laughed loudly. Now Lauren likes golf, because it made her first date with Larry good.
Tiffany loves riding bikes through her neighborhood. While she was riding one day, her tire deflated. She thought she was in trouble. A stranger came outside and let her use an air pump. Tiffany inflated her tire to make the ride home.
James stopped at the gas station for gas. He pumped up his car with gasoline. Then he drove off the lot. On his way home, he got a warning message on his car. He pulled over to put back the gas cap on his car.
Tori loved cake. She went to a fancy bakery to get some. She could not decide between two flavors of cake. Finally, she selected the green tea flavored cake. She hated it.
Emily had bloodwork done two weeks ago. Today, the doctor called her and said she needed more tests. The doctor didn't tell her why, so she is worrying. Emily was very tense and anxious when she had more blood drawn. Emily finally got to talk to the doctor.
Wanda went to church every Sunday religiously. However, one day, her pastor started making rude comments. Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church. Finally, she found one that she wanted to visit. Wanda really enjoyed her new church and everyone was kind.
Cindy is a country girl. She likes to run around outside barefoot. She stepped on a wasp. Her foot swelled so bad. She now wears shoes whenever she goes outside.
Gina was stuck on the street in traffic. The heavy snow was causing traffic to move slowly. Gina hoped it would pick up. Soon she realized there was no hope of that. She decided she needed to turn around and go a different way home.
It was a long day Fred had a school today. Thankfully his mother made him some hot chocolate. Fred always appreciated these days. As soon as he tasted it, his mouth watered. It wa delicious.
Billy was an engineer at a brand new dam. He was in charge of making sure the turbines kept spinning. Billy was also an alcoholic. Billy got drunk at work one day and fell asleep. The whole town went without power for hours and Billy was fired.
Victor went to New York City in a Megabus. When he arrived, he checked his bank account. To his shock, he only had 50 dollars. Victor slept in the bus station that evening. He went out begging on the streets the next day to make some cash.
Trey was on the battlefield for the first time. He hid and ran a lot, not confident that he could fight well. Time seemed to go by so slowly. He noticed some of his friends were all running in one direction. Trey followed, hoping they were going to be able to run for cover.
This morning I was on the couch when I felt my nose start to drip. I absentmindedly reached up to wipe it with my hand. When I pulled my hand away I saw blood. I went to the bathroom and got toilet tissue. After a few moments, the bleeding finally stopped.
Brooke and Whit were supposed to meet for dinner. Whit waited and waited. Brooke finally called to ask where she was. White said she was at the restaurant. Come to find out they were at the same restaurant in different towns.
Gary saw photos online of his friend's party. He felt angry since he never received an invite or heard about it. At the party, someone was banging on the door. Everyone became quiet and started to complain. When Gary's friend opened the door, he saw Gary with a shovel.
Kevin wanted to open his own lending library in his small town. He was poor, but finally he'd saved enough to buy an old fixer-upper. While going through the building, he found several boxes of old books. Kevin had them appraised and found that they were worth thousands! He sold them at auction and used the cash to furnish a lovely library!
It was James's first guitar lesson. He was nervous because he had never played guitar before. The teacher gave him chord progressions to practice. He spent the next week practicing the progressions. Going into his next lesson, James was much less nervous.
Hanna's parents took her on a whale-watching expedition. Unfortunately, there didn't seem to be any whales out. Hanna's parents exhorted her to keep patiently watching. Hanna decided to play games on her phone instead. Her parents were sad when Hanna missed the glorious whale sighting!
Adam and Anna had had the same bed for seven years. It hurt both their backs to sleep on it. They decided that although money was tight, they had to upgrade. They scrimped and saved for a couple of months. Then finally they bought a new, soft, comfortable bed set!
Jimmy couldn't wait to go fishing. His dad said Jimmy needed to dig for worms before the fishing trip. Jimmy got a pail and shovel and headed to the backyard. He remembered his dad said that worms like dark, damp spots. Jimmy found all the worms he needed by digging under a rock.
James was walking his dog. His dog pooped on the sidewalk. Jim forgot his disposal bags at home. He found a plastic bag on the side of the road. He used the bag to clean up the mess.
Gina and her friends went to the library at school. Gina needed to research dolphins for an assignment. But the library was locked. Gina looked through the window, trying to find the librarian. She was no where in sight.
Ken bought a motorcycle. He drove the motorcycle down the road in his neighborhood. He drove too fast. A cop got behind Ken. The cop saw he was speeding and pulled him over.
The contractor came to Greg's house to give an estimate. The contractor looked at Greg's broken windows and thought. He wrote down a number on paper and handed it to Greg. Greg saw the number and gasped. He told the contractor that he's a crook and to leave.
Lily was a face painter at the city's holiday carnival. She enjoyed seeing the smiles on children's faces. A little girl asked for a butterfly on her cheek. When Lily painted it on, she added tiny hearts on the wings. When the girl saw it in the mirror, she giggled happily.
The children laughed as it started raining on them. They splashed about and started throwing mud at each other. Nora looked aghast through the door and prepared to yell at them. She paused when she realized how much ridiculous fun they were having. Nora decided to laugh at their antics and to join them, instead.
Angela did not like her co workers very much. They talked about people behind their backs. Angela did not like that so she avoided them. One day they started to complain in a meeting. Angela finally stood up and told them to be professional.
Tim was at the beach. He was building a sand castle. It was elaborate and taking him a long time. By when he was finishing the tide was high. Tim's sand castle was soon washed away.
My favorite TV show was about to start. I sat down on the sofa and turned on the TV. I changed the channel to the right TV station. To my surprise, a basketball game was showing instead. I was upset that I could not watch my favorite show.
Jonah loves the first day of school. He got up early to be first at the bus stop. Jonah was the first in line. He sat on the bus quietly. Jonah was happy to arrive at school.
Kent had made his own kites since he was a small child. The kite festival was approaching and he wanted to earn money. He decided to build custom kites for people. He set up shop and made hundreds of kites! His kite stand was selling out day after day!
Yesterday I got out of bed and went to work. I really don't enjoy going but the bills need paid. My day at work was productive and went by fast. I left work and went home. I wish I would hit the lotto so I didn't have to work anymore.
The girl was learning to play a new instrument. She had a guitar. She practiced her chords every day. Soon, she could play actual songs! She was excited to get even better at the guitar.
Lucky was walking down the sidewalk. A snake quickly slithered across the pavement in front of him. He turned around and walked the other way. He almost slipped on a patch of ice. He went home and got his car.
Jack was a rookie on his baseball team. He had little experience but was eager. One game other players got injured and he got more play time. Jack did very well and impressed everyone. He was given more play time from then on out.
The family had been riding rides all night. The carnival had come to their town. They finished their night off with a ride on the Scrambler. It was their favorite ride. When they got off, they could hardly walk straight.
Pat performed his first surgery under a lot of stress. Not only was it a serious surgery but he was being watched. He focused on the task at hand getting rid of distractions. And when he was in a good state, he started the surgery. It went without a hitch and he was praised for his skills.
Matt pulled over, frustrated. His map was so confusing! He had no idea where he was. He went to a gas station and asked for help. He was pleased to find he was only 20 miles out of his way!
I bought an antique ice cream churn. You have to turn the crank by hand. The handle gets very hard to turn as the ice cream freezes. You have to turn the handle for 30 minutes or more! We have only used the churn twice.
Craig was excited to go shopping. He bought a frozen pizza. At the register he gave them a coupon that halved the price. Unfortunately it was turned down by the cashier. Craig realized the coupon was expired.
Jimmy was an aspiring actor. He auditioned for a TV show. Jimmy practiced his script for months. He aced the audition. He got a call the next day saying he got the role.
Roxy is a good swimmer. She was invited to a prestigious swim competition. She trained for months. On the day of the competition, she was ready. She managed to take third place!
Larissa heads to her friends place for a party. She arrives and trips on the sidewalk. She scrapes her hands and needs a bandage. Her friends help clean her up. They decide to cancel the party and comfort Larissa.
There was a school shooting that took place in my school. Several people were protesting in front of the school. They argued for better students rights and more support. A group of police officers suddenly showed up. They tried to move everyone, but they fought back.
My parrot likes to fly around the house whenever she wants. One day some friends came to visit and left the patio door open. The bird flew right out the door and out of sight. We walked all around the neighborhood looking for her. I found her when I heard her call my name from a tree.
One year, my family and I drove from Missouri to Canada. We made many stops in ten states along the way. When we arrived in Canada, our truck broke down. My brother and I explored the town while my dad got the truck fixed. We safely made it back to Missouri after a week.
It was a normal day at the bank. Not a sound could be heard aside from the boring elevator music. All of sudden three men come crashing into the bank. They tell the clerks to give them all the money. The crooks get away with all the money and severe damage to the bank.
Tom asked his girlfriend to get him some food. He specifically told her what he wanted. When she got home the order was wrong. Tom got really upset about it. They got into a huge fight and broke up soon after.
Mike was three miles away from finishing a marathon. But it felt like he was going to collapse. So he decided to repeat to himself that he wasn't tired. And Mike proudly finished the marathon. He also learned that he was able to control his body with his mind.
Jannie started dating my uncle. They were both fresh out of bad marriages. She was much taller than him, but they came to our house. We enjoyed having them there, and talked for hours. They left late that night.
Mary and Evan were engaged to get married. Mary wanted to get married on a beach in Hawaii. They told their friends about their plans. Most of their friends said that they couldn't make the trip to Hawaii. Mary and Evan decided to get married at a church in town.
We went to a baseball game last week. I was in a wheelchair. When the national anthem was played I tried to stand. The usher said it would be ok for me to sit. I thanked her and sat down.
Ken had too many drinks. My friends and I had to pull him out of the bar. However, he fought back and tried to go back inside. He threw his fists in the but eventually fell. We picked him up and threw him inside the backseat of my car.
The man got ready to travel. His wife reminded him of some things. He took his wife's advice. Later he needed an item. It was an item that the wife had reminded him about.
Keisha was driving on the interstate when she saw a man near a car. Always being one to lend a helping hand, she stopped. Feeling uneasy, she cracked her windows and asked if he needed help. When the man smiled, she knew something was not right. After giving him, she left and later saw his face on crime stoppers.
Jackson wanted a new xbox but didn't have enough money. He asked his parents to buy one but they said no. Jackson decided to earn the money himself. He walked dogs for lots of families in his neighborhood. After a few weeks, Jackson had enough money to purchase the system.
Ella was a total slob. She left clothes and shoes and books all over her room. Her mom told Ella she had to neaten up or she'd be grounded. Ella took the threat very seriously. Soon she was organizing her room every day!
Gina walked in the classroom alone. Rita, Mary, and Tami were already at their desks. Gina sat down and began doing her classwork. There was an awkward silence among the group. Gina wished her desk wasn't so close to theirs.
Jay really wanted a boat. Jay got a boat and took all of his friends out on the lake. The water was choppy and there was too much weight on the boat. Everyone was worried that the boat might sink. Jay decided to sell his boat.
Jessica was about to go to the dance. Her little brother took her nice shoes and ran off with them. Jessica was forced to chase him and fight for the shoes. In the chaos one of her nails broke. Jessica was so mad but no one else noticed so it was okay.
Annie received a birthday present in a big box. She opened the box, but it just had another box. She figured it was a joke and kept opening the box to find more boxes. In the very smallest box, however, was a ring and a wedding proposal. She was so excited that she called her boyfriend and said yes.
Austin was a huge hockey fan. He entered a raffle to get free tickets to a hockey game. If he won he was going to take his son to his first game. Austin checked the website the day of the contest. He could not believe he had won the tickets.
Anna was playing tennis with her brother. He was doing well, but so was she. They played hard. In the end they tied evenly! Grinning, they agreed to a rematch!
Jack was a good student. Jack spent a lot of time studying. Jack made very good grades as a result. He maintained his good study habits. Now he is about to graduate as the valedictorian.
Shelly lotioned herself from head to toe. Slipping into a dress shoes, she perused her image in the mirror. Finally, she misted on two sprays of perfume. Taking one final glance in the mirror, she liked what she saw. Grabbing her purse, she left her home.
Sasha was in the car with her mom. She didn't know where they were going. Soon, they arrived at the airport. Sasha spotted her dad on the curb. Her parents had surprised her with picking him up.
Ted was helping his neighbor out today. He went over to Jane's house with his tools. He started to assemble the ceiling fan and install it. After some time, he finished installing the fan. Jane appreciated the work and treated Ted to dinner afterwards.
Tom knew he needed to get in shape. Tom asked his friends for advice. They recommended going on daily walks. Tom began walking every morning. Now, months later, his daily walks have become runs!
Claire never thought she'd be a fugitive. On the lam, she had no idea what to do. Because of that, it didn't take long for the police to find her. She denied everything. But the police told her she wasn't arrested but a witness to a crime.
Ian was excited because his favorite band was coming to his town. He asked a girl he liked to go to the concert with him and she agreed. He borrowed some money from his brother to buy the tickets. The night before the concert, he could barely sleep. Finally the day came and Ian had an incredible time!
Julian rode his rusty bike down the street. As he was riding, his chain fell off and he couldn't ride anymore. He walked the bike home to his dad. His dad decided that Julian needed a new bike. They went to the store, and Julian chose a new mountain bike.
Jack wanted a new phone case. He decided on a certain case and ordered it online! When he got the phone case it wasn't the right one! Jack called the company that sent him the phone case. The company sent him the right phone case next week!
Michael had always wanted to be a lawyer, just like his parents. When other kids played cops and robbers, he pretended to be a lawyer. When in school, he maintained a high GPA. Eventually, Michael got into a top law school. He graduated top of his class and achieved his dream.
Tommy needed some new socks. He went to the store to find a pair. He could not find any in yellow, his favorite color. He finally found the pair he wanted. He purchased them and was very happy with his socks.
Andrew had a dog named Sam. Same got into a fight with another dog. Andrew was forced to surrender the dog to the county. He had to fight in court to get his dog back. Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case.
John woke up sick today. He washed his face in the bathroom. John went into the kitchen to make some soup. He put a bowl of soup into the microwave. John dropped the soup when he grabbed it from the microwave.
Maria decided to go on the fair on Saturday. However, she hates clowns. To Maria's dismay, there was a clown convention that day. By 4:00 PM, she could not take it anymore. Needless to say, Maria won't be going to that fair again.
Robert was highly interested in furthering his career. He seemed like he was at a dead end. He came to the conclusion that he needed to learn some new skills. He went online and enrolled in a college. He patiently waited for a response from the school.
Tom's favorite show introduced a new character. At first Tom really hated it. He thought the character was dumb and unnecessary. After a while he started liking the character. Eventually it actually became Tom's favorite.
Garrett is pitching at a baseball game. His team is winning by one run. Going into the final inning, Garrett is pitching well. He strikes out all 3 batters. Garret is a hero in the huge win.
Terena hadn't talked to Haley in a long time. She picked up her phone. She dialed Haley's number. Haley answered. The two talked such a long time!
On January 2, my son took my wife and myself to see Star Wars. It was playing at a local theater. The theater was old but convenient. I liked the movie very much. The crowd applauded at the end.
Tom was eating with friends. He took a break to smoke outside. When he tried to eat again he had a coughing fit. It was disgusting to everyone around him. Tom took it as a sign to quit smoking.
Bob decided to vacation in New Orleans. He visited a restaurant there. The restaurant served chicken and waffles. Bob decided to try some. He loved the chicken and waffles.
Maria received flowers on Valentine's day. She didn't know who sent them, since they weren't from her husband. Later that day, her husband saw them and got upset. He suspected her of cheating. They got into an argument and didn't talk the rest of the night.
Amy hated mice. She was  disturbed to find they would be dissecting mice in biology. When the teacher handed out the mice Amy could feel her skin crawling. Her partner did the majority of the work for Amy. Amy was upset to have failed the assignment.
Slade was shopping at the mall for a new fur coat. He found one that he was very happy with and bought it. He went to the food court after and decided to put on the coat. A woman carrying an ice cream cone accidentally walked into him. The ice cream spilled on the fur coat and it was ruined.
It had just snowed recently. Sam had stayed late at the office. On the way home he hit some black ice. It was impossible to spot. Sam almost lost control of his car.
Kelsi needed a new dress. She was worried it would be really expensive however. Yet when she got to the store, it was all sale. She got the dress half off. Thankfully she made a deal.
Jennifer needed a date to the dance. She was worried nobody would take her. She had all but given up. Then one day her phone rang. It was her best friend asking her to the dance.
Andy saw this new shampoo. The promise was that it would make your hair shiny. His friends told him that it had bad side effects. He used it hoping for the best. But the shampoo ended up making his hair fall.
Lucy wanted new shoes. She could not afford them. She decided to get an afterschool job. She saved up her money. She finally had enough.
Lara was having a birthday party. Everyone showed up except Tina. Finally Tina showed up. When Tina showed up she was the last one. Tina was upset she was late.
Jodi went to the beach. She forgot her sunscreen. For hours she played in the sun. When she got home she realized her mistake. She had a terrible sunburn.
Tim saw a belt buckle online that he liked. It was nerdy and had lights on it. He ordered it and wore it as soon as he got it. Girls and friends gave him mixed signals over it. Tim liked it enough to not care.
Nia grew up caring for her younger siblings. She worked hard and frequently rewarded those that did well. Her youngest sister performed the best in school. She wanted to give her sister an opportunity for her hard work. Nia set up a fund for her sister's future as payment.
Tony had just opened up his new restaurant. It was a pizzeria. He was nervous, but optimistic. He opened the doors. Many people came in and ordered food.
Colin arrived home after a hard's day work, exhausted. He saw his fianc  e sitting at the table, cradling their child. Colin didn't know what frightened him more. Was it seeing his dead fiance and stillborn child? Or that someone had broken into his home to put them there?
Dan was deliberating what to wear for Halloween this year. Dan decided he would go as Mario, and his brother as Luigi. In addition, Dan would dress his son up as Yoshi as well. Dan was surprised to see his nephew dressed as Bowser. Dan loved the costumes that they decided to wear for Halloween.
I took my family to the zoo. We saw the elephants. They are quite big in person! I bought my daughter a stuffed elephant. We all went home very happy.
Gary came out of the bathroom with his hands yet. He went to the kitchen to prepare some toast. When he touched the toaster, he got shocked. He fell flat for a moment, but eventually woke up. The toaster was thrown away since it broke.
I asked Jeanette if she was free Friday night. She eagerly said no and looked forward to seeing me that day. However, she sent an urgent message to me on Friday. It says that she got hit by a car and was hospitalized. I found out that she was lying since she posted partying photos.
Jeremy was at a club. He saw a beautiful girl. He started to drink so he could have the confidence to approach her. He does and they dance. He gets her number.
The man had too much to drink. He fell asleep on the floor. His friends rolled him over. They painted stuff on his face. The saw the paintings in the mirror.
I wanted to become muscular. But, I didn't want to workout. My friend suggested I do fun exercise. So, I decided to do crossfit. Crossfit was fun and it made me muscular!
Anna saw a lot of birds in her backyard. She decided to feed them. She bought a big bag of seed. Then she filled her feeders with it. Soon many colorful birds were coming to eat!
I went to ride my bike. I put my helmet on my head and went to the park. On the way, I ran over a turtle and it crashed my bike. I landed on my head and it cracked my helmet. The helmet was split in two but my life was spared that day.
Thanksgiving was always special with our family. We would go to Mass in the morning. Then head to our cousins in the afternoon. We would play football, and eat lots of good food. We would then have to spend the whole next day resting.
Walter had a knock on his door Saturday morning. It was a student selling magazines for her class. Walter really didn't want to buy any magazines. He offered the child a five dollar donation. The child took the money for her class and went on to the neighbor's.
Amy's ex friend spilled red paint on her white pants. Amy skipped her next class to go home to change. At home she tried to scrub the paint out. The paint was dry and was not coming out. Amy was upset, she hated to lose her new white pants.
Karl noticed someone ate his food at work. He left it in the refrigerator and someone took it. Karl asked everyone around if they knew anything. A co-worker admitted to taking it by accident. He gave it back and apologized.
Bryan wanted to be a singer. There was a local talent show coming up in his home town. He decided he was going to give it a shot. Bryan slowly took the stage. A rush went through his body and he felt he was living his dream.
Marge grew up on a farm surrounded by old things. When she got her own house, she wanted only new furnishings. Marge's folks died and left her the old homestead. She gave the junkman the furniture and put the farm up for sale. The junkman made a nice profit selling the valuable antiques.
Mark started playing his guitar in the garage. He heard a knock on his garage door. Mark opened the door. His neighbor came to complain of the noise. Mark told him to screw off and turned it up louder.
My daughter is so accident prone. She falls all the time. If there is something she can bump into she does. She fell off the school bus the other day. She broke her ankle.
Tanya had always been very shy, and didn't like speaking in public. She knew it was a fear she'd need to overcome to be successful. She decided to take a class on public speaking. The class involved presenting speeches to classmates in small groups. Tanya became more confident that she could speak in public.
THe sun glared through the window in Bob's bedroom. Bob went to the window to close the blinds. As he tugged on the cord, the blinds fell off the wall. He was not able to repair them. Bob stapled a thick blanket to the window frame to block the sun.
Bill kills his first two wives. But the police were so incompetent that he got away with it. When Bob kills his third wife police finally catch him He is sentenced to death. He still claims his innocence right as he is to be executed.
Enid put some bleach on her hair to get some blond streaks. She set the timer for five minutes and sat down. Nearly an hour later she woke up! She quickly washed the bleach out of her hair but it was too late. She had snowy white streaks all over her head.
Jared's foot had become swollen and painful. He could no longer bear it so he called for an ambulance. He was told the foot was infected and in danger. Doctors were able to relieve the swelling and infection. Jared was on crutches after going home, but recovered.
Doctor Hamilton was a new professor. He taught English classes at the college. He was known to be very tough. Nancy came to him and said she was confused. He took the time to explain the material to her.
Jo and her older sister both competed in a written spelling contest. It was announced that Jo placed second and her sister fourth. Jo bragged to everyone about beating her sister. The next day, the intercom announced a correction. Jo felt her face redden when she was named as the fourth finisher.
Our family found mole holes in the backyard. My Dad set mole traps. He checked the traps every evening. After five days he caught a mole. There are no more moles in the backyard.
Mary had always dreamed of owning an ocean front property. She knew she would not be able to pay for it with her current income. She found an easy way to make money online. Mary spent all of her spare time on her second income. One day she will now be able to buy her dream house.
A farmer was put all his hay in the barn. When he was done he smoked a cigarette. A strong breeze blew the lit cigarette from his hand. It landed on the hay. The hay caught on fire quickly.
I open up my work laptop and get ready to get down to work. A stack of papers left from yesterday awaits me in the corner. The system slowly boots up as I sip my coffee. Suddenly my face is washed  blue as I receive the blue screen of death. Looks like I'll have to cancel my plans for the weekend.
Kim's parents were having a party. The adults were playing music and dancing. But they weren't very good dancers. They were jerking, and sliding all around the room. She laughed at the adults horrible dancing skills.
Karla liked colorful pens. She bought a huge pack of them. She wrote things in her planner in different colors. She felt more organized when her calendar looked pretty! Karla couldn't wait to buy even more colorful pens.
Harry was an investigative reporter for his local newspaper. He was doing a story on corruption in small town government. During his investigation, Harry uncovered corruption in his town. Harry had received emails containing proof from an anonymous source. Harry took his evidence of corruption to his editor.
Petey wanted a new canoe, but is was very expensive. Petey thought he might not be able to afford it, but soon got an idea. Every day, Petey would save his leftover cash and coins in a bucket. Without ever taking from the bucket, Petey continued to add to it. After 2 years, Petey had more than enough money to buy the boat.
Sarah is 15. Sarah wants to try smoking weed. She gets a hold of some and smokes it. Her parents catch her. She is grounded for 2 months.
Since College, Mary has owned credit cards. She'll run up the limit but only pay the minimum payment each month. And she kept getting more and more cards. One day, after she turned 30, she decided she wanted to buy a house. She was denied a mortgage because of all her credit card debt.
I had a very big catering event up soon. It was for 100 people. I am the only cook at my business. I needed help with all the cooking. I hired my mom to help with the cooking.
On the bus it was very crowded. A tired man walked on the bus and looked for a seat. A woman saw how tired he was and stood up. The tired man had too much pride to take the seat. As a result, no one sat in the open seat.
Tanner found a home that he really liked to rent. He had the money and was approved for the home. Tanner moved in and lived in the home for two years. Suddenly he received a letter saying he had to move within 30 days. The homeowner decided to sell the home and Tanner was left homeless.
Bob got drunk at the Christmas party. He decided to drive home under the influence of alcohol. Sure enough, he was stopped by the police. They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail. Bob had to pay a fine and realize he should not drink and drive.
Judy went to the grocery store. She purchased a large container of blueberries. Judy walked toward the exit doors. Judy dropped the blueberry container. Blueberries spilled all over the floor!
Washington invited me to his hotel room for drinks. He said his wife at home with the kids. I called his wife and said meet Washington at his hotel room. We both got there at the same time. Now Washington is not speaking to me.
Billy was excited to have his first sleepover. He invited all of his friends from school. They ate popcorn and watched movies. They also played video games. They stayed up until 2 AM.
Picard was growing grapes in his backyard. He attempted to make wine with the grapes. He tasted it, but it was much too sweet. He cut the sugar and tried again. This time the wine turned out perfect.
Kent wanted to pierce his ears. All of the boys in the neighborhood were piercing theirs. Kent felt obligated to pierce his ears. His parents did not want him to pierce his ears. Because Kent had a friend pierce his ear, his ear became infected.
It was late at night when Billy got home. He quietly opened his door and stepped inside. Billy reached around to find the light switch. When he flipped it on, nothing happened. He replaced the lightbulb and he could once again see.
Leo had always wanted to see an elephant in person. When his friend offered him a chance to go on safari, he was ecstatic. But for the first two days, they saw no elephant herds at all. Leo was worried until a familiar shape appeared on the horizon. The elephant came nearly close enough to touch, and Leo was overjoyed.
I see her through the window, watching TV with no remorse. She knows exactly what she had done to me and feels no pain. She will pay for what she had done, and will remember my name. She will know the pain she has caused me. I will destroy her with no remorse and never think of her again.
Edgar had just come home from the grocery store. He was putting away the groceries when he saw the eggs. Half of the carton had been crushed somehow. He threw out the bad eggs and then put the rest away. Later, he went to the store and bought more eggs.
James was a fisherman working on a lobster boat that he owned. One day he found a rare calico-colored lobster in one of his traps! He figured he should try to get it put on display somehow. A local aquarium offered to adopt the lobster and keep it in a tank. Derek still visits his rare lobster friend at the aquarium sometimes.
Danielle was a pretty and sweet girl. But she was addicted to drugs. Her health was getting worse by the day. Her family was so concerned, they sent her to rehab with no choice. This saved her life and got her clean.
Sophie was an excellent math student. Her classmates were scared of an upcoming exam. Sophie suggested they all have a study session. Sophie helped them all prepare good. They passed and got her a gift.
Mike had been getting really bad headaches lately. The headaches went on for weeks. Mike finally decided to see a doctor about his headaches. At the doctor he receives frightening news. Mike has a tumor growing on his head and needs it removed.
Owen needed a community project for school. He noticed an empty field outside of his class. He decided to plant some trees there. He gathered some class mates and they got to work. The teachers loved his idea because the trees would last forever.
Aya was thrown from her horse one afternoon. A bolt of thunder had startled the horse. In his panic, he kicked Aya in the chest! She was rushed to the hospital for an x-ray. Luckily, the injury wasn't severe.
A mother in the line waiting for Santa noticed something odd. Santa's lap had become very wet. Santa also smelled heavily of alcohol. The mother reported this to the mall authorities. They discretely removed Santa from the mall.
Tony planned to go to Italy that summer to see his father's family. Has he had never been there he made a lot of research. He took a few Italian lessons online. He bought his plane ticket. But when he was ready to leave his mom got sick and he had to cancel.
Becky's teacher said the class could write about anything they like. Becky wrote a beautiful story about a girl who loved an ugly boy. The teacher read the story to the class, wiping away tears. A boy Becky admired snorted at the story. Becky slunk in her desk and hoped she'd remain anonymous.
Mandy was worried everyone would smell her stinky armpits. She hadn't been able to shower on account of the power being out. She'd used some water and a paper towel to attempt some basic hygiene. Mandy didn't think it was enough. She knew she'd be humiliated if anyone thought she was classless.
Tod sat in the back seat of his parents car. Suddenly he smelled a rank aroma. His father burst out into laughter. He locked the window so Tod couldn't get fresh air. Tod decided to get revenge by letting out his own giant fart!
Ralph decided to quit smoking. He needed to quit for his health. He decided to quit cold turkey. Ralph chewed fruit gum to help with the craving. After the first month, quitting got much easier for Ralph.
There was a clown at Eddy's friend's birthday party. Eddy couldn't get over how big his feet were. He asked his mom if people had to have big feet to be clowns. She laughed at his question. She told him they wore big shoes, but they didn't have extra big feet.
A man in the nineteenth century moved to the midwest. There wasn't much infrastructure, so the man had to build a house. The man worked hard cutting down a field of trees. After getting the lumber, he worked on building the cabin. After months of hard work, the man has a nice, large new home.
Nick's old smart phone was very slow. He researched his options for a new smartphone. Nick went to the store. He purchased a much faster smartphone. Nick is much happier with his new device.
Jude decided to run a race. He had taken a break from running for a while. As he was getting ready, he started to feel nervous. On race day, he wore his lucky shoes. Jude won the race and beat his personal record.
Lisa was due to give birth at any moment. The anticipation was high. Lisa did not know the gender of her baby. She went into labor and had a baby girl. Lisa cried tears of joy!
Timothy loved eating sushi. But he found it terribly expensive to get full. One day he stumbled upon a new restaurant. They had a lunch special with cheap, tasty half-price sushi rolls. Timothy went there rather often after that first visit.
Lisa was a big believer in horoscopes, and used them everyday. She structured her life around what was said in her horoscope. One day she decided to not go to her favorite coffee house. She craved coffee, but the horoscope implied it wasn't a good idea. It was too bad - she would have met the love of her life.
Frank had never been bowling before. His friends decided to take him there on his birthday. When he got there he was afraid that he would make a fool of himself. His friends showed him how to hold the ball and pick out his shoes. Frank did horrible but really enjoyed the time with his friends.
Bob was stranded in the woods. He felt dehydrated from not drinking for days. He stumbled across a running stream. He drank the water and regained his energy. Afterwards he was able to hike to safety.
Tina had to do a lot of work tonight. She worked for hours on her computer. She drank coffee in order to stay awake. She was finally able to finish her work at 4 am. She laid in bed awake all night because of the caffeine she drank.
Marge left her shopping cart and looked at a display. She came back to her cart and started pushing it. Another lady chased after her. Marge had taken the lady's cart instead of her own. Marge quickly apologized and retrieved her own cart.
Sally liked beetles and was playing with them one day. She wasn't afraid of them and like the look. A ladybug started to fly away from her hand. She tried to get out of its way. It got inside her mouth and she swallowed it.
Kelly moved into a new house. Her house has lemon and orange trees in the backyard. She had too many lemons and oranges to use herself. Kelly decided to sell her extra lemons and oranges. Kelly now spends her time at the farmer's market selling her fruit.
There was a boy named Anthony in first grade. He never wanted to share his blocks with the other kids. One day a kid had better blocker than Anthony. Anthony asked the kid to play with the blocks and the kid agreed. After that Anthony learned the meaning of sharing.
Lance tried to walk across the street to get to the other side. Although cars were still moving in that direction, he moved. A car eventually came from the other side. Lance wasn't looking and the car bumped into him. He landed on the road.
Owen went to Chinatown to repair an elevator in an apartment building. He couldn't understand the problem when it was explained in Chinese. He asked if anyone spoke english but no one seemed to respond. Owen tried to troubleshoot the problem on his own. It took him 2 extra hours but he was able to fix the elevator.
Jerry is out swimming. He gets bit by a bug. He goes inside to have it looked at. Jerry has a nasty bug bite. Jerry visits the hospital to get it treated.
Mike was at work but needed a coffee, he stepped out to get one. Upon arrival he noticed the line was very long. He noticed a friend further up in line and sent him a text message. His friend checked the phone, and placed Mike's order for him. Mike got his coffee without having to wait in the long line.
Kelli brought a frisbee to the beach. She tossed it back and forth with her dog. The two of them had a lot of fun. At the end of the day, Kelli was sunburned. Yet she didn't care because she had so much fun.
Bob and Wendy went to the supermarket. Bob wanted steak and Wendy wanted candy. They didn't have enough money to pay for  both. They argued until they were kicked out of the store. They decided to try fast food, instead.
Ringo had a horse. Ringo wanted to ride the horse. But the horse was not broken. Ringo worked with the horse for months to break it in. Ringo was able to ride the horse after training him!
Karen wanted to go on a trip to France. She started doing research on the trip. She decided to book a week long trip. She left the next day for her trip. She had the best time ever on her trip.
Billy was a farmer. One day he was tending his crops. He saw that most of them have been destroyed. Crows have been circling the area lately so he assumed it was them. He spent most of his money to buy a scarecrow.
Matt loved growing things. He planted a huge garden. He grew peppers and lettuce and tomatoes. He served his family a salad of things he had grown. Everyone loved eating the delicious vegetables.
Jerry and jamie were in a long distance relationship. They keep trying to make it work. After some time, Jamie cheated on Jerry. Jerry never found out until Jamie confessed. Jerry dumped her.
Sadie was at her high school prom with her boyfriend. She was thrilled when she learned that she was prom queen. Unfortunately her boyfriend was not the prom king. While Sadie was thrilled, she didn't want to dance with another guy. She decided to pass on the crown and another girl took her spot.
Mike and his friends were playing soccer at a park. But the ball got kicked high into a tree. Mike had climbed trees before and decided to get the ball. As he was halfway up, a gust of wind knocked the ball down. But Mike was blown off the tree too.
Eric watched the storm from his back porch. It was thundering and lightning more than he had ever seen before. All of a sudden a bolt of lightning hit a tree about 50 yards away. There was a loud crack. The big limbs at the top of the tree came crashing to the ground.
Ted was a fourth grader when his dad got laid off. He packed all of his favorite toys in a box and slept on the floor. He hopped in the car and traveled to Las Vegas. He fell asleep while his dad drove across the USA. He gasped when he arrived at his new home.
Nick had always wanted to get a tattoo. He decided to finally get one. Nick got a tattoo of a big dragon. It looked great. Nick was happy he had finally gotten a tattoo.
Mike's mom was annoyed with him. This was because he never did his chores. Mike's mom decided to do something about it. She told him that if he didn't do his chores, he couldn't watch TV. Finally, Mike started to always get his chores done.
Matt has been working hard at his job. He worked so hard he became the top person in his work place. The workplace decided it was time to reward Matt for his hard work. The company gave him his very own car. He was very happy with it.
Erin spent her afternoon drawing in chalk on the sidewalk. When she finished, Erin marveled at her work. The sky began to get dark and ominous. Erin ran to the shed to get a large tarp to cover her work. Her masterpiece remained intact for three weeks after that.
Zach went to his first concert, it was Radiohead. He met a girl named Steph there who he thought was cute. Steph asked Zach to talk a walk with him, he did. They talked all night long and fell in love. The next day he called Steph and she said she had a boyfriend.
Nick went out skateboarding after school one Friday afternoon. He made sure to wear a helmet and pads because his parents insisted. On a big hill in his neighborhood, he realized he was going too fast. He fell off his board and rolled into a neighbor's yard. When he got home, he thanked his parents for insisting on safety gear.
Bill and Ted were best friends. They were high school students. They would eat lunch together every day. They would play with the coins they had in their pockets. They played and loved a game called quarters together.
Harold was tired of missing his favorite shows on television. He wanted to watch his favorite shows when he wanted to. He decided to try out Netflix. He got to watch his shows back to back. He called and canceled his cable subscription.
Matt was home alone while his parents ran errands. His birthday was coming up so he decided to search for gifts. At first he found nothing, but then he struck gold in his mom's closet. Suddenly his mom arrived and began yelling at him. She took all of his gifts back to the store to punish him.
Ben went to the gas station to fill his gas tank. He drove on the highway afterwards. Since the gas tank had a hole on it, gas leaked out. Ben's car stopped working on the road. His friend had to tow his car.
Kelly really needed a new pair of jeans. Her current jeans were falling apart. When she got them, she tried them on. They fit perfectly. Kelly wanted to buy more.
It was halloween and Gary and his friends were happy. They decided to scare children to try to take some candy. Gary and his friends spend hours popping out of bushes. When Gary tried to scare one child, the kid kicked him in the shins. Gary feel to the floor in a lot of pain and could barely walk.
I had an eye doctor's appointment. I arrived right on time. I signed myself in and gave my insurance. The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early. I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now.
The Entree meals were distributed to the judges. They started to eat it. After a few minutes, one of the judges puked. He had to be scored to the hospital. The official disqualified the contestant who made the plate.
Clay sat astride the agitated bull. He grabbed the rope in front of him and waited. The chute flew open. The bull shot out of the pen. Clay's eight second ride began.
The family was going to the beach. They took a giant umbrella with them. They stuck the umbrella in the sand. It gave them the perfect amount of shade. The family laid on their towels under the umbrella and relaxed.
Jason was reading a book. He got up to use the restroom. Jason put the book face down on a table. The book fell off the table. Jason couldn't find his place in the book.
My job puts me in contact with lots of people. I talked to somebody with a cold yesterday. I got lots of sleep and drank orange juice. I hoped it would keep me healthy. I got a cold anyways.
I went on a vacation to Canada. It snowed everyday. It was too cold to go outside. I thought I would be completely board. So I took a plane right back home.
Amy wanted cognac leather boots. She tried them on in a store in the mall. The boots were the right size, but too narrow. Amy asked if they had a wider width. They cashier said they didn't and that she also was unable to fit them.
The family decided they would travel to Costa Rica. It was their dream to see monkeys and sloths! They planned the trip and were so excited. They spent a week exploring and watching nature. They took great photos and made great memories!
Randy was an excellent bowler. He decided to join a bowling league. His teammates were good, too, and their team usually won, They made it to the finals, and Randy needed a strike to win it all. Randy made the strike, and his teammates shouted with joy.
I was working at a water park. There were kids who was a regular. They knew every square inch of the park. One kid showed us he could fit through the gate. It would be easy for him to sneak in.
Mark was about to start a new job. So he knew he had to get some new clothes. He went to some stores and tried them on. He was so excited to find ones that fit and were on sale. He bought a bunch and was ready for his first day.
May was late to meet her mother for a dinner at the restaurant. As she knew it bothered her mom, she stopped to buy her flowers. The short detour made her late even more. When she arrived, flowers in hands, her mom was gone. She had left her a card saying it was one time too late.
The Becker family had small house. Yet, it was a home. All of their children had grown up there. They were devastated when it burned down. But, the strong relationships they had built kept them positive.
My autistic son refused to sleep in his own bed. He told me he needed to be covered better. I bought him a bunk bed hoping it would help. Instead, he saw a pop up tent that would zip around his bed. We put it on and he slept like a baby.
Mike always fancied himself a good basketball player. He was the most talented player on his team, but never practiced. Furthermore, he rarely put in effort unless the team was winning. His teammates got tired of his attitude and kicked him off the team. It was only then that Mike realized he had been a bad teammate.
Maggie and her friends headed over to Qdoba to eat lunch. The girls loved that restaurant very much. They always got nachos and filled them up. The food was delicious. They had so much left over they had to take it home.
Tom needed to get braces. He was afraid of them. The dentist assured him everything would be fine. Tom had them on for a while. Once removed he felt it was worth it.
Douglas went to the wilderness. He began to rappel the mountain. He was scared of falling. The rope got unconnected. He caught himself just in time.
Grango Wango was feeling good. Just the week past he'd nailed his dive, giving him a good score. His goal was to get to the olympics on the dive team. He trained for two more years, biding his time. Unfortunately they removed diving before he could compete.
Lori had a beautiful new kite. She took it outside on a very windy day. Right away, the kite took to the air! But it got tangled high up on electrical wires! For months, Lori had to see her pretty kite tethered to the wires.
Fred plays baseball for his college. However, he doesn't have plans for baseball afterwards. Fred has been working on an engineering degree because of that. He has a fairly high GPA. All of his friends are envious of his job prospects.
Yesterday James went into the restaurant to clean tables. When he got there he saw Ralph whom he didn't like. James immediately told Ralph he was no good. Ralph then told on James to their boss Timothy. James then got a warning from Timothy.
Hassan and his wife Ratna were having marital problems. After their first child, the husband found the wife less attractive. Realizing Hassan was slipping away, Ratna suggested adding a new wife. They soon found a woman who was very pleasing to both of them. Now the marriage is very strong.
Brandy always bought her lunch from home to work. She would place it in the mini fridge at her job. One day her lunch was not it usual place. Someone had taken her lunch bag either by accident or on purpose. A coworker took felt sorry for her and invited Brandy to lunch.
Jenny went to the gym four times a week. Her schedule got busy and she slowly stopped going to the gym. Jenny began gaining weight. Jenny realized her clothes were getting tight. She decided to start making time for the gym again.
Harriet was in a car wreck. She suffered a bad concussion. She couldn't even remember the wreck. Everyone acted like that was a good thing. But sometimes Harriet still wonders what happened.
Thomas and his parents went camping every Thanksgiving. They would live in a cabin and be thankful for each other. While Thomas was looking for firewood he got lost. He spent all day searching for his family but he was lost. After hours he finally found his family, he was truly thankful.
Tim had his birthday at the bowling alley. Him and his friends all played games. Tim won most of them. His friends let him win since it was his birthday. It made Tim feel happy.
Joan is sick. She caught a cold. She spent all day in bed. She drank a lot of tea with honey. Next day she was already feeling better.
Graham was watching his baby son play. The boy was learning to walk. Graham was concerned because of how bow legged he was. He mentioned it to the doctor and they got him a brace. Luckily the brace helped and soon he was walking fine.
The man made a bet. He lost the bet. He only had money for one more bet. He bet it all. He lost all of his money.
Maggie decided to buy her daughter diamond earrings for Christmas. She looked around until she found a pair on sale. Finally, she found a nice pair she could afford. After buying them, she wrapped them in pretty paper. Her daughter couldn't get over how beautiful they were.
Carla's girls were supposed to take piano lessons on Tuesday mornings. However, her husband decided to take the family out of town this week. Carla was excited to do something different for a change. The family went to Albuquerque to visit their relatives. No one missed piano lessons except the teacher they forgot to call.
Cathy loved watching figure skating. Cathy dreamed of watching figure skating live. Cathy saw a flyer where former skaters were holding an event. Cathy decided to purchase a ticket to the figure skating event. Cathy could not wait to see the skaters at the event.
Nancy was bored so she decided to go exploring. She decided the woods near her house would be a good place. She went into the woods. She watched a deer for a long time. After a while she went home because she was hungry.
Anna got a paper cut before going to work one day. She worked at a pizzeria, an informal place. So she applied a bandage and went to work. But midway through the night, she got an angry phone call. A man had found her bandage in his pizza!
Mary was close to running out of dog food. She didn't think there was enough to last through the weekend. She checked pet store's hours online. The store that carried the correct food closed in 45 minutes. She was able to make it just in time.
Ani loved banana milkshakes, but they were thickening her waistline. Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative. She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt. The mixture turned into a sweet, fruity smoothie. Ani thought her healthy solution was delicious!
Jenny liked Brad. Brad asked Jenny out on a date. Jenny was excited about a possible first kiss. Brad and Jenny went to the movies. Brad kissed Jenny when he dropped her off!
It all started out with a small fib. At first Betty told her coworkers that she was dating. Then she convinced them that she was getting married. By the time she realized she was making a mistake it was too late. They already believed that she was pregnant.
Lee needed to get his house painted. He looked in the phone book for local house painters. Lee phoned the painters to get quotes. Lee chose the lowest quote. The company was able to paint Lee's house the next week.
Jerry was going on a blind date. He told his friend to call him with an emergency to get out of it. His friend called at the right time. Jerry played along. He left the date early.
Ben has been dealing with extra expenses in the family. Since his wife is a stay-at-home mom, he pays for everything. He tried to get a raise by talking to his boss the next day. He boss understood his situation and sincerely apologize. Although Ben's been his employee for years, the offer was rejected.
Silas was getting ready for a speech at his school. He stood in the mirror and practiced in his room. Silas gave the speech to his parents. Silas went to school on the day of the speech. Silas gave his speech to the other students.
I felt very lucky today. I decided to go and buy a lottery ticket. I just felt it was a winner as I scratched it. My eyes widened as I saw all wild symbols. I had won $500.
When tom was little he would stay in the woods on their property. One night in particular, he kept hearing strange noises. They came from deep in the woods. Tom found a colorful woodpecker. He loved discovering new things!
Polly had a special figurine on display. It was a cute statue of a girl with her dog. But Polly's dog was very fat and clumsy. Polly's dog went plodding by the statute. His footsteps shook the statue so much it fell over and broke!
Arnold was scared of insects. He was in class one day at his school. He saw a tiny ant on his desk. He jumped off his desk so hard he fell down. His classmates laughed at him.
Kate was going to go to the grocery store after work. She wanted to get ingredients to make a stew. But she needed to look up the recipe. Unfortunately, her job had removed all internet privileges. She realized she would have to buy the ingredients with no list.
Henry had recently picked up wood carving. He didn't expect to but he had an affinity for it. He wanted to see just how far his talent could take him. So he carved up a big bear statue. To his delight it sold at a county fair for hundreds of dollars.
Reese decided to throw a get together. He rushed to the grocery store to get supplies. Beer and salty snack all made their way into the cart. He invited all of his friend over. The get together was a hit, but he ended up with a big mess.
Stefan was a very introverted man. He was bullied by his boss at work constantly. One day he stood up for himself and told his boss off. Stefan was called into the head office the next day and fired. He was sad but was proud for standing up for himself.
Tom's city had an uptick in police violence. Many felt it was getting out of hand. Tom helped orchestrate a protest march. Everything was by the book and the event went well. It helped shine light on the problem.
I decided to cook some salmon. It made my house stink for days. I realized I should not cook salmon in my house. The next time I cooked salmon, I cooked it in my backyard. Alas, someone the smell managed to enter my house!
Wealthy David inherited a large family fortune. He lived like a playboy, sampling many of life's pleasures. Then, he was the only first class passenger to survive a plane crash. David looked at life differently after surviving the crash. He settled down with a nice woman, and donated millions to charity.
Clark is driving home. Clark hits a bum in the road. His car goes off the road. He gets out to see the damage. His car is wrecked and he calls for help.
Gina had been watching videos on TV for five hours. The daytime shows were over. Now the evening shows were starting. They were playing the same videos from earlier. Gina decided it was time for a change after seeing one video 4 times.
The stuffed dog appeared to stretch out. It was brown and looking. She hugged it close to her body. It was the same one she had begged for. It was a wonderful Christmas after all.
Abby had a new classmate at school. The girl's name was Lisa. Abby thought she would be mean. As it turns out however, the girl was very nice. Abby then became friends with her
Today is Jack's 18th birthday. His grandparents usually throw him a big party each year. This year his grandparents told him they would not be able to have it. Heartbroken Jack wished for them as he blew out his candles. When the last candle blew out his grandparents miraculously walked in.
Gina came outside to see her niece sitting in the car. She was playing with the steering wheel. Gina's dad was nearby watching the car. Gina began to walk down the street. She glanced back at the car one more time, then kept walking.
I keep a storage locker to keep my valuables. Last week someone broke into the locker. They stole my video games and my jewelry. I called the police and made a report. I hope that I can get my items back.
Close to my house there is a tunnel. A highway crosses the road and forms a cavern. Local kids go there to hang out. Last night, a kid spray painted his face on accident. There should be less grafitti under the bridge.
Lily was having a party. She needed some balloons. She went to the store and picked some. They blew them all up for her. Then, she brought them home.
Stephen's in-laws were coming in town. He bought some BBQ meats. He brought them home. He fired up the grill. They had a fun dinner.
Johnny was on his way home from work. He usually had a ride but this time he had to walk home. He was nervous since it was past midnight. He called me to keep his mind off of things. Eventually he made it home and everything was fine!
Jake moved into a new apartment. It had bad lighting. He tried to buy lamps to make up for it. It helped with visibility. Unfortunately it didn't replace natural light properly.
Tim was driving home at night. He was pulled over by the cops. Tim inquired as to the reason. The cops pointed out he had a busted headlight. Tim thanked them and got it fixed.
Susie got in her car. She was about to go to work. All the sudden her car would not start. She was horrified. She now had to take a cab.
I decided to paint my nails a bright red color. When I painted it and went to school, I was surprised. Everyone at school had the same color. I immediately took it off. I didn't want to look the same.
Frank was getting ready for his fantasy baseball draft. He had his baseball magazines ready for reference. He had his draft cheat sheet printed out. His power went out just as his draft was set to begin. He had to call his friend and have him do the draft in his place.
My best friend called me with horrible news. She found her boyfriend cheating and needed me to go over. I brought over two bottles of wine and we started to chat. I can tell she was heartbroken. It was going to be a long night, but that's what friends are for.
John watched a Food Network show on making guacamole. He made some while studying the show carefully. John then invited some friends over to taste it. Several buddies came over and dug into the guacamole. They were unable to hide the near nausea they experienced!
Jerry loves to spend time outdoors hiking. He walks five miles everyday to stay in shape. He decides to try out a very rough hiking trail by himself. On the hike, Jerry falls and twists his ankle. Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely.
John was hungry. But he was also sick. He grabbed a slice of leftover pizza and stuffed it in his mouth. But afterwards, he felt terrible. He ended up being sick for another two weeks.
Evan was teaching himself to read. First he learned the alphabet. Then he sounded out simple words. He started reading kids' books. Soon he was reading thick novels!
Daphne was offered a cookie at her best friend's house. Because it looked delicious and she was hungry, she accepted. When she put it in her mouth, she instantly regretted her decision. She hadn't realized the cookie contained almonds, which she hated! Daphne, choking down the cookie, pretended to like it anyway.
Johnny was at the grocery store. He saw a pretty lady. He approached the pretty lady. They exchanged information after talking. They later met up eventually became boyfriend and girlfriend.
I was never taught about being financial responsible. So when I got my first job I didn't know I was supposed to save money. One day I lost my job and my car broke down on my way home. I needed money fast so I took out a personal loan. I quickly learned that saving money is very important!
I have enjoyed hamburgers since I was a little girl. I like them cooked to medium rare. I like to add mustard, ketchup and pickles to them. I usually eat hamburgers 2 times a month. I think I will cook one this weekend.
Antonio dreaded Monday mornings. Like usual, he was running late to work. He stopped by at his local coffee shop. He ordered a large coffee. He spilled the coffee on his shirt in the car.
Late one afternoon, I was browsing in an antique store. I was immersed in the old book section, when the lights went out. I came out front and realized they had closed the store with me in it. Not knowing what else to do, I called 911. The police and the owner soon arrived to let me out.
Brent and Tracy were going on a camping trip. They were tired when they arrived after driving all day. While unpacking, they saw they had forgotten to pack the tent poles. They had to drive to WalMart and get a new tent. It was very late before they finally got set up.
Cindy has a Spanish test tomorrow. She has not studied at all. She decided to pull an allnighter. She felt very nervous about her test. Luckily she passed and did well.
A family was really hungry. They debated where to eat out. Katie wanted Mexican. Harry wanted Japanese. They decided to go get sushi.
Tristan searched for jobs everywhere. He had yet to have any luck. Finally, he tried Craigslist. He found an ad for Kirby Vacuums salespeople. He didn't keep the job because they lied about everything.
Cece loved to bake. She worked at a bakery in a walmart. But she wanted her own bakery. So she took out a loan. Cece is now the owner of her own bakery.
Stan bought a new lava lamp. It was really neat looking for a day. After that Stan noticed that the bulb burned out. He tried to replace it. But he wound up returning it instead.
Allie was working on her research paper. She needed Internet. All the sudden the Internet stopped working. She freaked out. She couldn't finish her paper.
My niece had a child at 18. Her father did not provide child support. He claimed he was having trouble finding work. In court, she signed a waiver releasing him from child support. She raised her child, now 18, all by herself.
Tom invited Samantha over. He asked her if she wanted to watch netflix. He really wanted to do other things though. She came over. All they ended up doing was watching netflix.
Every day when Bill went to work, he passed a homeless man. In the winter, he noticed the man didn't have a coat. Bill decided to buy the homeless man a thick, warm coat. After giving him the coat, the man was very thankful. Bill and the homeless man became good friends and talked every day.
He wouldn't eat anything she gave him. He finally said he didn't like saucy things. He wouldn't even eat the mac and cheese. She had a ton of leftovers because of it. She had to eat them all week long.
Kim is pregnant for the first time in her life. Today she learned she is having twins! Her husband is in the military and won't be home before they come. She is not scared though because her mom has come to stay with her. Soon the babies arrive and they are happy and healthy little boys!
Julia had a difficult childhood. She didn't have much family or money. She knew she needed to build her own life. Julia got 3 jobs and enrolled in school. She became a successful lawyer.
Amy and Beth were going on a group outing. Amy was going to see her crush Ray. Beth was going to support Amy. The girls were dropped off at the theater by Amy's mom. Beth held Amy's hand for support as the entered the theater.
I found a job tagging adult content. It was very new and confusing. I had to view the content and make a tag that related to it. I tried several of them out. I got the hang of it, and started to enjoy them.
At the airport, Martha was accidentally given and extra ticket. Be bought one for Chicago but the extra was for Tibet. At first she thought that she would just return the Tibet ticket. The more she looked at the ticket she had a harder time doing it. Martha ripped up her Chicago ticket and walked to gate 11.
The boys' basketball team had lost every game this season. The coach told them he would buy pizza if the won the next one. The boys worked very hard in practice all week. They easily won the game. The coach arrived in the locker room with a pizza.
Frank needed a need desk for his office. So Frank looked one up on Ebay. A bidding war was on the desk. Frank bid for the desk for several hours and eventually got it. Frank now has a new desk.
Orianna was staying at her friend's house. She needed a ride to work. Orianna's friend said she would drive her. Unfortunately, the friend woke up late and thus, Orianna was late. Orianna took the bus the next day to work.
I've worked for a retail company. It was just a part time position working as a cashier. My boss was mean all the time. If you made one mistake he would yell. Eventually, I had to quit my job.
John wanted to build a sailboat. But as he had no experience he started by building a small one. When his success was exceeding his expectation, he was encouraged. He made plans for a bigger sailboat right away. But the dimensions were wrong and the boat sank.
Bette got in a car accident and ruined the front of her car. She brought it into the shop. She had to get a loaner car because her car will take a week to fix. Bette was nervous because she didn't want to get in another accident. She started driving again and started to feel better.
One of Tina's favorite activities was tea tasting. Yesterday she went to her favorite tea store. She sipped about six different teas. It took her forever to decide what tea to buy. Finally she settled with the oolong.
Jed stumbled into a sacred Native American gathering. There was sudden and complete silence as they looked at each other. Jed happened to be wearing a Washington Redskins shirt that day. The Native American chief softly spoke a single word to him. Jed took off running.
April was very hungry but had no money. She decided to go to the food pantry. She saw lots of things on the shelves that she would like. She was grateful for the people that had donated them. April picked some things out to get her through til payday.
A poor man went into a thrift store to buy shoes. There was only two shows in his size but they were different. He bought them to the counter to buy. The clerk tried to change him for two pairs of shoes. The poor man protested but the clerk was just following rules.
The frog leaped on a lily pad. Hector applauded and a second frog leaped next to it. Hector was in a trance as he watched more frogs leap without falling. When a small frog actually fell in the water, he helped it. He put it back on the lily pad so it could join the other frogs.
Bay went to the zoo. She looked at the giraffes and lizards. She loved all the animals! Then she grew hungry and went to the cafeteria for lunch. Bay really enjoyed her day at the zoo!
Allie wanted to be in the school play. So she auditioned for the lead. Allie did not end up with a part. It made her sad. She ended up crying.
As a child Paul's family took a vacation to Washington state. From that day on he wanted to move there. He tried to save up money several times but could not. Many years later his mother passed away and left him $30,000. He was finally able to relocate to Washington.
I had a glass of water. I thought it tasted bland. I opened my refrigerator. I found a lemon in the door. I squeezed lemon into my water.
It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play. When it was time to go on stage Beth froze. The teacher walked up and pushed her on stage. She instantly began reading her lines. Beth's performance earned her a standing ovation.
Marcus wants to exercise but he doesn't want to leave the house. He considers jumping jacks but is afraid of knocking something over. Marcus decides to try doing push ups in his bedroom. He does 20 pushups and then begins to feel tired. Marcus is happy he was able to exercise at home.
Benny was laying outside. A mosquito flew behind him and bit him. He started to itch his arm but was fine that day. He felt sick the next day. The doctor diagnosed him with a mild illness.
Allie was rather fussy. She didn't want to go to bed. So she stayed up. Her mom told her to go to bed. But she refused so she had to give up a toy.
Doug put on his bucket hat to guard against the sun. He slung his mail bag over his shoulder, readjusting a little. He started walking toward his favorite house on the block. He silently put the mail in the box and took a mint left out for him. He smiled to himself thinking of the kind old woman that lived there.
My wife had a retirement party last week. Her coworkers came and were photographed. One of my wife's casual FB friends said she knew one of the co workers. She worked with her for years. My wife said it was a small world.
Jessie was running low on money. She was trying to make her baby a bottle. Then, she realized that she had no formula. She tried to see if there was anything that she could do. Luckily, she found a charity nearby that was able to donate formula.
Every Halloween, Anna had a Halloween party. It was fun but a bit boring. This year she decided to get creative. She told all guests that they had to come in costume. Then everyone got to judge and vote on the best costume!
Ben is a very clumsy boy. He always dropped things. One day Ben was getting out of his dad's truck. He slid across the seat to get out. Forgetting his phone was in his lap, so it fell and broke.
Stacey was feeling rather queasy. She took a pregnancy test consequently and found out she was expecting. Stacey cried tears of joy and immediately called her parents. Her parents were thrilled for her. She then called her boyfriend to tell him the news.
Avery went for a cooking class in the park. While there he met a pretty girl. Avery was distracted, so he burned the trout. Avery laughed it off, but the girl was not pleased. She said he wasted food, and promptly ignored him.
Mary thought she was a great singer. So she always sang in public. And she posted videos of herself singing online. But when people criticized her, she became very arrogant. And she wasted her life doing something she was never good at.
Mary always took the garbage to the dumpster in the alley. One day she saw a dead mouse rotting near the dumpster. She was so startled, she almost dropped the garbage bags. She brought the garbage bags back into the house. Mary made her husband take the garbage out instead.
I heard there was a murder in the city last night. They have not caught the suspect yet. Everyone is really scared. You have to watch yourself these days. Crime has been up in the city recently.
Anna was a star volleyball player. Unfortunately, she really struggled in math. She wouldn't be allowed to play in the match unless she aced the exam. Her teammates helped her study all night. Anna aced the exam and played in the match.
Min loved bowling with her friends. But she wasn't a very good bowler! So she secretly took lessons from a family friend. When she next had a bowling night with her pals, she scored highest. Her friends were just bowled away by her score!
Amber was trying to buy a gun. Her husband had been drinking a lot lately. When he drank he got mean. Amber felt she needed the gun for protection. However, her husband stop drinking and she never bought the gun.
Donald never learned how to fish. His friends always said they would teach him. But they never invited him on trips. He was about to buy a fishing pole for himself. But then didn't when he realized how sad it was.
Tim was playing videogames with friends. He kept losing. Everyone kept making fun of him. Tim got angry and tried to start fighting everyone else. He wasn't invited to play again.
Jim needed to water his lawn. So he got dressed and went outside. Just as he started to get the hose, he heard thunder. Rain started to pour. Jim was glad he didn't need to water his lawn anymore.
Ed had fixed himself a tuna filet for dinner. He left it on the table to get a drink. When he came back it was gone. The only explanation was the cat. He found her in his bedroom with the tuna.
Tom's favorite band was having a concert nearby. He saved up money to buy a ticket. He went with friends and pushed to the front row. Unfortunately the band put on a subpar performance. Tom was thoroughly disappointed.
I worked in a warehouse in 1975. The building had a flood one day. Only one section of the warehouse was affected. The owner put a lot of stock into that section to inflate his claim. He got twice of what he should have gotten.
Swarthanger took a leisurely stroll down Broad St. He noticed a man on top of a ledge of a building. Swarthanger screamed and told him not to jump. He said he would buy him an ice cream cone if he didn't. The man insisted it be Rocky Road, and ran down to get the ice cream.
Tom is supposed to be taking an exam today. He hired someone to take the exam for him instead. The person he hired showed up and took the exam. The teacher graded the exam. Tom passed the exam.
Brad was so much in love with his girlfriend. Brad had dated her for years. One day Brad was coming over to her house. He knocked on the door with flowers. She answered the door and tells him it's over.
Susie went to the mall yesterday. She walked by a tea store. The tea store had a dozen teas. Susie wanted to try them all. So she tasted them and purchased.
I went on vacation with my grandparents. We were browsing through a gift shop. I kept asking my Grandma to buy me rock candy. She became very annoyed with me. She did finally buy me the rock candy, though.
Nell loved to draw, so she was excited to get to color at school. She couldn't wait to use her crayons when she got her coloring sheet. She turned in her coloring page, proud of her work. When the page was returned, it had a frowning face on top. Nell took her crayons home and broke each one in pieces.
Scott's alarm went off early one morning. He was supposed to get ready but he felt sick. He laid in his bed, too weak to get out. Soon his work was calling to ask where he was. When he explained they forgave him and left him to rest.
Gene adjusted his dress uniform and firmed out a wrinkle in his pants. He'd been invited to give a speech today, in memory of those fallen. Gene gave his speech without making any mistakes. The crowd applauded him and his living through so many altercations. Gene suddenly died of a heart attack in front of the podium.
Sara was sitting outside, feeling emotional. She was crying over some personal things. Suddenly, a fluffy cat walked up to her. It began curling around her, rubbing her and purring. She hugged the cat and thanked it for making her feel better.
Recently Dan got married to the love of his life. However, when asked by his boss, Dan forgot the date of the wedding. Dan could not believe he had forgotten such an important date. After taking some time to think, Dan remembered the wedding date. Dan was relieved that he eventually remembered the wedding date.
My first speech assignment is due tomorrow. My partners met up at our school's library. After we figured out who would go first, we started to work. I went after the first presenter. My speech went surprisingly well.
Today I ordered a burrito from chipotle. I assumed the order would take forever. I stood in line to make my order. To my delight the line was quick. It ended up taking two minutes.
Lucy's grandma wanted to buy a cake. They were shopping at the fancy grocery store her grandma liked. Lucy's eyes grew when she saw the bakery. The racks were lined with delicate treats she had never seen. Lucy wanted to try everything, but settled on a cannoli.
Eric was at the beach. And he saw everyone lined up at a food truck. He always thought food served at a restaurant would be better. But when he bought a burger from the food truck, he was surprised. So Eric decided to eat from food trucks more often.
Aki had a paper route on his bike every weekend morning. One morning it was pouring rain. The papers were bagged to be waterproof, but Aki's mom felt bad. She decided to drive him along his route that morning. Aki was very grateful he got to stay dry on such a wet day!
Josh was waiting all day for an all you can eat buffet dinner. He had been fasting for the past two days. He looked forward to stuffing his face. When the time came, he ate 5 full plates of food. Soon after, his stomach started hurting from all the food.
I drank a soda too late. It kept me up for several hours. I thought about drinking another. I pulled it out from the fridge. I decided to put it back.
Tim made toast in the morning. He forgot to put the butter away. It sat on the warm counter all afternoon. Tim didn't notice until after work. He had to spend time cleaning it all.
Charles was an engineer on a navy ship. He got in an accident near the main engine. Charles was badly injured. He woke up with no memory of what happened. His crew informed him his name was Lydia, and he was their maid.
The old lady next door was ill. You could see it in her face as she left her home to go to the doctor. She looked worn out. She lived alone, and her only companion was a dog. Gina worried she would die in that house alone, and no one would know.
Andy loved skiing on the Colorado Mountains. Andy decided he would take his skis, and go for a quick ski. However, when Andy arrived to the mountain, he saw a sign. The sign said the mountain was closed due to avalanche threats. Andy was disappointed that he could not ski down the mountain today.
Kelsey was feeling very ashamed of her body. She set a goal to lose forty pounds. She decided on a strict diet that she would follow. She adhered to her diet and she lost forty pounds. Kelsey was now very proud of her body.
Cal had a rough day at work. He decided to end his day with a visit to the bar. Cal drank a couple of beers and talked to a few beers. When it was time to go home, Cal called a cab. The cab brought him home safely.
Bob went to a Chinese store. He saw eel for sale in the fish department. He decided to try some. He bought it and cooked it with some rice. It was tasty!
Jane wanted to surprise her boyfriend for her birthday. She tried to bake him the cake he likes. She left it in the oven too long. It burned and set off the fire alarm. Jane's boyfriend thought it was funny.
After many years of being unemployed Charles needs to get a job. He applies for a job as a janitor. Finally he finds out he is getting the job. Charles feels very happy. He is proud to have a job.
The three kids wanted food. They were going to go to the Taco Bell and get something. Unfortunately they were short a few cents. They looked through all the couch cushions and found money. It was more than enough and they bought extra food.
Travis wanted to make spaghetti for a dinner party. He got out all the ingredients and the recipe. Then, Travis decided not to follow the recipe. He added several unique spices and ingredients. Everyone at the dinner party agreed it was a very good pasta dish.
Timmy turned eighteen and was very happy. He had always wanted a tattoo and now he was old enough. He chose a tattoo parlor and made an appointment. When he arrived, the artist was very nice. Timmy chose his tattoo and braced himself.
The house was on fire. Steven was there and he wanted to help. He took matters in his own hands and went in. He saved 2 children in there. Everyone was safe.
Christina began working at a theatre when she was a teen. She did not have much ambition in life and was happy there. As she grew older Christina knew she had to do something with her life She worked hard and eventually became the theatre's manager. She felt it was the first step to improving herself.
Adam loved his after school job at the local pizza place. He was turning eighteen and would be to be a delivery driver. He was excited to make tips. He purchased a GPS to make sure he would be able to find every house. Adam is earning twice as much now as a delivery driver and loves it.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night. His house alarm was going off. Tom quickly checked to see what the problem was. He wasn't able to find anything. He eventually reset the alarm and went back to sleep.
John was cooking burgers at a local fast food joint. The lunchtime rush was getting hectic. It became very difficult to keep up with the demand. John's manager got angry and yelled at him to hurry up. Offended, John threw down his spatula and walked out the door.
Lucy and Lisa were playing on the porch. Lisa wanted to play beauty shop. Lisa pretended like a twig was a curling iron. The twig got stuck and Lisa couldn't get it out of Lucy's hair. Lucy's grandma was upset with her for letting Lisa play in her hair.
My friends dad rode dirt bikes. He crashed his bike on some train tracks. His leg broke. He had to walk miles with a broken leg before getting help. He had surgery and now he walks with a limp.
Becky has a headache that won't go away. She decides to go to the doctor's office. The doctor decides that Becky needs prescription pills. Becky gets her prescription pills. She now has control over her headaches.
Paula goes grocery shopping every Sunday after church. She takes a list of items to buy. The grocery store always has snack displays in front. Paula ends up buying more items than are on her list. Maybe Paula should eat lunch before she goes shopping.
Lisa was having a rough day at work. Nothing was going right, so she went on break to eat. Eating a bite of her food, she chipped her tooth and began crying. Upon hearing this, her manager came over and asked what was wrong. Lisa wouldn't stop sobbing, so the manager sent her home for the day.
Ivy was so sick of blind dates! Her friends meant well, but they never worked out. She agreed to one last dinner with an accountant named Rob. To her happy surprise, Rob was a great guy - funny, smart, and kind! Ivy and Rob gladly agreed to second dates with each other!
Jerry loved the outdoors. Jerry went hiking every weekend. One weekend he encountered a 10 foot long snake. Jerry slowly approached the snake. Jerry took many great photographs of the snake.
Ben wanted to climb a mountain. He geared up and dressed well. Then he hired a guide to help him. He and the guide trekked for three days. Finally they scaled the summit of the mountain!
My friend's name is Sam. She is very pretty. She liked to hang out with a lot of people. She started hanging out with my boyfriend. Same and I are no longer friends.
Wes is a college basketball player entering his senior year. He was called and offered a spot in the NBA draft! He has to decide to leave school early or finish his degree. He thinks about it all night. He decides to go pro and knows he can always finish school later.
John was doing poorly in school. He was on academic probation. If he failed one more class he would get kicked out. Unfortunately John knew he was going to fail two. He finished the semester and moved back home.
Jodie was making beans for lunch the next day. She had left the boiling pot on the stove. Without meaning to she fell asleep on the couch. A few hours later she awoke to the smell of burning. Her beans had cooked into a dry black crumble.
Daryl decided he'd have a Medical Marijuana card by this time. He looked in an OC Weekly for a doctor who issued weed cards. He went to the doctor's office and was asked his symptoms? Daryl lied, saying he suffered from depression. The interview took less than a minute and now weed is legal for Daryl.
Ella had always wanted a daughter. But after five Years of trying, she and her husband were still barren. Then her doctor called her with wonderful news. Ella's wait was finally over. She was going to have a little girl!
The kid on the street wouldn't stop running. He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by. His mom was angry and ran towards him. She aggressively kicked him in his knee. While the kid was crying, he couldn't get up.
Hank liked to watch college football. Hank started to bet money on college football games. Hank's teams usually lost their games. Hank ended up losing a lot of money from gambling. Hank decided to stop gambling before he lost everything.
Wendy wanted to visit the zoo. She invited her best friend Lara to come along. The both visited the lion cage at the zoo. Somehow the lion managed to escape. A zookeeper was able to stop the lion from harming Wendy and Lara.
After Halloween, the children were excited to eat their candy. They had gone trick-or-treating the night before and got loads of it. When they went to their bags, most of it was gone! Mom revealed she had put the candy in a bowl in the cupboard. The children were so relieved.
Billy Tuttle liked to jump rope. Everyday he would jump his rope. This last Friday was not a good for him. He was jumping his rope but tripped. He broke out his front two teeth.
Anna spent a whole month traveling Europe. She drank at cafes in Paris. She took picture with the royal guard in London. She even hiked a little in the Swiss Alps! Anna couldn't wait for another unforgettable journey abroad.
Jessica and her mom were out paying bills. Jessica saw a dress she wanted in the store window. Her mom told her that she could not buy it right now. She came home from school the next day to find a wrapped box. Her mom had bought her the dress she wanted after all.
Tim valued his health very much. For his meals he would frequently prepare smoothies. He carefully sourced the healthiest ingredients. He loved his smoothies. He felt better after consuming them.
My wife ordered photos on Shutterfly for her sister. The expected delivery was August 8th. When the pictures did not arrive my wife called customer service. She was told there was a delay and the pictures would be late. The photos showed up today.
Jill was walking through the store. She went to reach for her phone. She realized that it was gone. Then, she traced her steps through the store. Luckily, she found it among the produce.
I once had a baby red eared slider turtle. They are semi aquatic so they need water most of the time. One day he got lost in my room but I didn't look for him for a while. Since he was semi aquatic I thought he'd be fine for some time. When I finally found him he was almost dead and I felt horrible.
Molly was on her way home from a business trip. At the airport, she saw a world-famous cupcake restaurant. She decided to bring some home. She got a box of four cupcakes. At home, her family each tried one and loved them.
Tim and Ben were playing ping pong. Tim scored a point against Ben when Ben missed the ball. It landed on the floor and rolled away. Unfortunately for them, Tim's cat picked it up and carried it off! Tim and Ben could no longer play ping pong.
Marcus wanted to join his high school football team. He had spent the past 3 months practicing. When the tryouts came he was very nervous. He went out there and gave it his all and impressed the coach. At the end of tryouts he made the team and was very proud.
Beverly noticed she was starting to feel itchy all the time. She realized her home had become infested with fleas. She bought a bug bomb and fumigated the house. She also brought her dog to the vet for a flea bath. Beverly stopped itching and she was confident the fleas were gone.
I woke up in the dark at a very early hour this morning. I woke up because of a rustling sound. I was scared, because I knew I was alone in my room. Then, I heard a meow. The cat had shoved my door open and let herself in!
My sister loved to play games. One day she was chasing us around the house in the dark. She ran into the wall and jammed her finger. It was red and swollen for hours. After a xray it was confirmed that she broke it.
Jeff loved dinosaurs. He could name dozens of different kinds and what era they were from. One day, his father took him to the natural history museum. When they reached the dinosaur exhibit, he could not believe his eyes. A full T-Rex skeleton stood before his eyes.
We found some bubbles that were edible. Confused, I bought a bottle. We took it into the back yard. We blew the bubbles, and the dog snapped at them. She seemed to love the grape flavored bubbles.
Diana took me to this ice cream parlor. We took a seat and waited for our orders. One of the workers came to us with our orders. We finished the ice cream fast since it was good. After I finished my ice cream, my stomach upsetted me.
Mary couldn't fall asleep. She knew if she didn't sleep she'd be groggy tomorrow. She took a sleep pill. It worked! But the next day, the sleep pill made her so groggy.
Tom was on a date. It wasn't going so well. He thought he could save it with a kiss. Tom's date disagreed and turned him down. Tom felt embarrassed for attempting.
My sister in law had an elderly friend, Vera. Vera had bought a tram for her husband. A tram is a special medical unit for the disabled. Vera's husband could not use it, and wanted to sell it. I was able to sell it on ebay for $1000.
Allison wanted to renew her vows with Tom. Tom was not so sure at first. However afterwards he agreed. After they renewed their vows they were stronger. Yeah even had a new baby.
June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter. She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items. When she got home, she checked all the bags but the butter was missing Although annoyed, she ran back up to the store to get the butter. She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had.
I saw a website that advertised a free copy of the Book of Mormon. I had to give out my name, address, and phone number. A Mormon called me and asked why I wanted the book. I told her I study religions as a hobby. She said they would send me a book in the mail.
I hate spiders. Every time I see a spider I jump. One day while I was putting my shoes on I jumped. There was a spider in my shoe and it almost bit me. Now I never take my shoes off because I don't want to get bit.
Carrie had entered the police academy. She passed all the courses. Her family came to watch Carrie graduate the police academy. Carrie was able to join the police force. She became a rookie cop at the local police department.
Abe had never been up in a small plane before. His friend's uncle was a pilot and owned a plane. He had offered to take them up in it and they both accepted. High up in the clouds, it felt so different from a regular air liner. Abe was amazed and had a wonderful time flying that day.
Charles was on his first overseas assignment for the Associated Press. He was in Kenya and heard a gunman opened fire in a mall. Charles went to the mall and entered with the police. He took pictures of dozens of people dead and wounded on the floor. His newspaper published the pictures and made millions in profits.
Blake bet me he could make me laugh in under a minute. I accepted the challenge. He made funny faces and sounds for thirty seconds. Switching tactics, he just stared at me. With one second left, I let out a chuckle.
Bobbie has a daycare in her home where she takes care of 8 kids. Some of these children are infants that are in diapers. One family chooses to diaper their child in cloth diapers. Bobbie doesn't mind using them, but they are more work. Bobbie changes the baby and then puts the soiled diaper in a bag.
Mira loved to try new foods. Mira wanted to eat a new restaurant near her. Unfortunately, she was very busy at work. On the weekend she was finally able to go to the restaurant. Mira tried the breakfast and was very happy with it.
Will took his girlfriend Mary to a scary movie. Will and Mary nestled down in their seats as the show started. Before long, Mary was grabbing Will's arm and screeching. Will enjoyed this immensely. Will put his arm around Mary and had the date of his life.
Janet was talking to Matt. Matt commented on her looks. She felt flattered and tried to touch her eyebrow. It ended up falling out. Matt became disgusted.
The new radio intern was busy at work in the studio. He tripped over a cable and banged into a table. The result of this fall was that he damaged some equipment. The computer that broadcast the music stopped working. The intern panicked and ran to tell his boss.
Logan wanted to look good for a event with his friends. He decided to wear his favorite ascot. He put it on and looked great. Logan was excited for the event. He was glad he looked good.
Jeb wanted to learn the alphabet. However he kept forgetting. His mother told him to practice. He practiced everyday. Soon, he could say it clearly from memory.
Maria found a digital camera on the bus. There were wedding photos on the camera. She put up ads in the newspaper. The couple contacted her and came to pick up the camera the next day. As a reward, the couple gave her $500!
It had all come down to this. Brad had survived the entire tournament up to this point. The river cards fell. He went all in. Brad won the big poker tournament.
Ian was behind on his mortgage. He was desperate to catch up. He got a second job to make extra money. In a month he had enough to catch up. He is now gladly caught up with his mortgage.
Tim did not value his hygiene like he should have. Tim used cue tips for the first time in months. Tim saw a lot of wax. Tim decided to begin using cue tips regularly. Tim felt great about his new healthy lifestyle change.
Larry went to eat at a diner. They had a juke box available. People chose three songs before him. Larry went to pick three more. Without realizing it they all picked the same song three times.
Allie was pregnant. She was due any day now. All the sudden her water broke. She had to be rushed to the hospital. Allie gave birth to a baby girl.
I needed to buy a new part for my computer. I went on the internet and found the part for sale. While trying to buy the part, my card had issues. I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out. I fixed the issue, and then bought the part with no problem.
Tim loved actions movies. His girlfriend didn't like them at all. Tim would constantly try to get her to watch one with him. She always refused to do so. Eventually Tim took it personally and broke up with her.
David lives in Florida with his family. One day, he could not find the trash can. It was not in its regular spot. After many hours he found out that it was in the kitchen. After that, David put it back in its regular spot.
Pearl was moving to a new apartment. She rented a truck. It had a big loading deck on the back. She put all her household goods in, followed by her clothes. There was plenty of room in the truck for her other things!
We would go down to the park for football. We would pick teams and start playing. Sometimes it was really muddy out. We would leave the park tired and dirty. But the next week we'd go back for more.
I was preparing for a dance competition. I needed new shoes so I would look my best. My friend agreed to buy shoes for me. I was shocked when he brought home boring grey shoes. To my surprise, the audience loved the grey shoes.
We were snowed in during the blizzard of 1978. We did not go out for 3 days. On the fourth day we walked to Chinatown, which was surprisingly open. We bought some roast duck. We had a nice dinner that night.
Tawny was so bored. She decided to explore the city. She went to a carnival and a Christmas themed restaurant. Then, she went to a snow cone stand and an aquarium. She just now realized how fun her town really was!
Joe's kids wanted to have fun for easter. Joe bought some Easter Eggs. Joe and the kids painted the eggs. Joe hid the eggs. The kids found them and had fun.
Wayne wanted to be a famous rapper. He had a tough life on the streets. He wrote a song about his troubles in life. He performed the song to a judge at an audition. Wayne eventually got signed onto a record label.
My wife got a new iPhone last month. She was told payments would be only $35 a month for the phone. She agreed to this. When she got the bill she saw the payments would add up to $800. She said she thought the sales rep said the phone would cost $200.
Jack signed up to test experimental medicine. He signed up with many different companies. He eventually got very sick. It took a long time fore the effects to wear off. Now Jack is afraid to take medicine.
The Pearson's decided to go on a road trip. It took them awhile to get ready. They had to save money and make plans. Finally they left for their trip. They had an amazing time!
Fred has always been worried about tasting cabbage. He heard from friends that it tastes funky. Finally he decides he must taste cabbage for himself. Fred loves the taste of cabbage! He is sorry that he waited so long to try cabbage.
Lexi and two friends decided to eat cinnamon rolls. They went to a small restaurant that serves them and began to eat. But they were so good. So Lexi and her friends kept ordering more and more. Soon after leaving, Lexi felt pain in her chest and head.
It was photo day at school. Dorian hated getting his picture taken. He was forced into a collared shirt and jacket that morning. He groaned as he waited in line for his photo. When it was his turn, he refused to smile.
A neighbor of ours created a GoFundMe account. She went to Latin School and to BU on a scholarship. She now wants to go to nursing school. She asked for $100K. So far she got $1,000.
Bob enjoyed playing online poker. He was sad that it was illegal in the United States. He decided to play online poker regardless. He was arrested by the police. He was sentenced to prison for six months.
John loved nature. He was reflecting on his experiences. He realized he had never seen a sunrise in his new city. He decided to wake up early one morning to watch it. He enjoyed the beautiful sunrise.
Ethan turned the oven on. He put a potato in the oven. It cooked for an hour. He pulled it out. He ate it for dinner.
Every time I'm tired, I get really grumpy. I started snapping at people last night. I was so sleepy that I couldn't focus well on anything. Everyone started avoiding me. I ended up apologizing and just going to bed.
Rory was going to the beach. He took his dog Alfo along. At first Alfo seemed hesitant. But then he paddled right into the lake! Alfo ended up having a great time!
Fred wanted to influence his favorite radio station. He went in song requests every day. So far none of his requests were taken. Fred found one day the best song he ever heard. The day after he requested it he heard it on the radio.
Tina and her friends had skipped school one day. They were walking through town when a car pulled up. Inside there was a school officer. He made them get in the car and brought them to school. There, they got into huge trouble.
Corporal Johnson was a tough man. He had seen a lot of things in battle. His latest tour was especially rough. He was caught in an ambush and injured He came back home a hero but doesn't feel like it.
Tara wanted to be in a relationship. She liked men with blue eyes. She met a great guy. He had blue eyes. They entered a relationship together.
Ava didn't believe in ghosts. One night, though, she heard footsteps in her living room. She opened her eyes and saw a strange light moving in her house. Ava was terrified. She had to admit that ghosts were a possibility, after all.
We lived in a really small town for several years. After our children started school, we saw we had to move. We decided to move to a larger city. It took us two months to find a house. We moved into it in one day.
Jim wanted to learn how to clap with one hand. He went to his father to learn. His father knew just what to do. His father gave Jim a mirror. Jim slapped the mirror and finally learned how to clap with one hand.
When I was in high school, I though Gothic people were weird. They were always dressed in black and had piercings. After high school, I got to know some of them. Now I do not think they are weird. They are actually friendly.
I have really bad social anxiety. I didn't realize how bad until today. I saw someone and I averted eye contact with them in the store. I saw them in the same place on the next aisle. Then I realized it was a cardboard cutout of a person.
Tim was home alone. Someone knocked on the door. Tim wasn't expecting company. It was a friend just randomly stopping by. Tim appreciated it but asked them not to do that.
Robert was very concerned about the final grade in his class. He had not done as well as expected on the tests. The professor said he would not curve the grades. The final was especially hard and would not help his grade. Robert worried for nothing, since the grade ended up being curved.
The family stayed in a shady hotel. When they got home, they saw they all had bed bug bites! They washed all their clothing in very hot water. They called the exterminator to be safe. They prevented the bed bugs from spreading.
Eli and his brother go to a baseball game. They have very good seats on the first base line. A player fouls a ball right into their section. Eli dives after the ball and gets it. He waits after the game to see if he can get an autograph.
Jenna wanted to make something for an upcoming potluck. She made a jello salad from a personal recipe. When she got there, though, she realized she'd used too much gelatin! The kids at the potluck actually really liked it, though. They thought it was like a giant gummy candy.
Now that spring has arrived it is time for spring cleaning. The yard is looking a little sparse in many areas. There are areas where the grass needs to be seeded. There are lots of old leaves and sticks that need to be picked up. We have a full day ahead of us cleaning the yard.
Tom was eating lunch with friends. He didn't have much money to spend. The worker informed Tom of a new meal deal. It was a lot of food for little money. Tom happily got that deal.
Tim decided to buy a metal-detector from an online-store. He bought the metal-detector and waited for it to arrive in the mail. When the metal-detector arrived, Tim was so excited. Tim ripped open the box of his new metal-detector. Once the box was open, Tim saw the pieces of a broken metal-detector.
Vern played football as a freshman in high school. He didn't grow much after his freshman year. The other players got bigger, and Vern found it harder to play. Another player offered Vern some steroids to make him stronger. Vern didn't feel right about that, and he quit playing football.
Tanya always wanted a kitten. One day, she saw a lonely kitty walking alone. She brought the kitten home and named it Chloe. Tanya's parents let her keep Chloe as long as Tanya took care of her. Tanya loved Chloe very much and they became best friends.
Geoff always has problems with his feet. He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails. One time he cut the nail really short and it became infected. He tried to take care of it at home, but it still hurt. He had to make an appointment with the podiatrist to take care of it.
Kathy was a struggling mom. She had to walk to work everyday. Kathy showed up for work one day. Kathy's boss had a problem with her. She sent Kathy away and she had to walk back home.
July 12th was Amazon Prime Day. My wife and I did some browsing. I found nothing I needed. She bought a kitchen drawer organizer. It was a good bargain, but we wish there were more items.
Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.
The boy found glue. He poured it out. It covered the carpet. It dried in one hour. His mom was very upset.
Curtis came over for a visit. I had not seen him for almost 6 months. We caught up on lost times. We laughed at so many stories. We had so much fun catching up.
George is cooking in his kitchen. He fries up his food nice and hot. While frying the food he gets grease on his hand. He screams in pain. George gets burned by the grease.
Tammy was getting married. They were having a nice wedding but the groom got drunk. He wound up sleeping with a bridesmaid. Tammy found them together. She filed for an annulment immediately.
Mina was coming home from work. There was a lot of traffic in front of her. Mina decided to take a shortcut home. Mina got lost. She had to call her boyfriend to give her directions home.
Jerry went for a drive in new 2016 Chevy Camaro. Jerry saw a man hitch hiking along the highway. The hitchhiker thanked Jerry for the ride and asked about the car. After a short discussion, Jerry tells him "I'm not selling my car." The man looks at Jerry seriously saying "I'm not buying it."
I wanted to do something exciting one weekend night. I saw that some sci-fi b-movies were playing around midnight. I grabbed my wallet and keys and headed to the theatre. I went inside and bought some snacks and waited in line. I got to the theatre and had a nice night.
Barry hated animals. One day, a cat showed up at his house. He tried to shoo it way. The cat kept coming back! Eventually, Barry let it stay.
Jess had sensitive ears. So she wore earplugs wherever she went. Most of the time, however, there were no loud noises. But this time, Jess witnessed a car accident. And she regret forgetting her ear plugs.
Josh liked to smoke. One day, his friend offered him Marijuana. Josh accepted the offer. It was finally aired on the news that marijuana was good for everyone Josh patted himself on the back for making a good decision.
Eli forgot that he left his stove on. He ran back to his house to turn it off. Then he looked in the microwave. There was a hot pocket that had been in there for a month. Eli realized just how forgetful he truly was.
Morgan wanted to make a cat bed for her cat. She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work. She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could. Then, she gave it to her cat to see if he would like it. The cat slept in a box instead, because cats are like that.
Today I went on a hike. I saw a bobcat and some birds. I hiked to the top of the hill I watched the sunset. It was a beautiful end to the day.
Tammy played with her dog in the park. They played fetch. Tammy threw the ball and the dog ran fast. Tammy didn't know where her dog went. Fortunately, she followed the dog's footprints to where it was.
Natalie heard some noise behind her. It was a giant bug. She ran and jumped up on the counter. She called for someone to come smash it for her. Her husband hit it with a shoe.
Zoe needed back to school clothes. She hit the mall and was ready to shop. She found lots of great new outfits. When school began, she was dressed to the nines. Zoe felt very confident in her new wardrobe.
Gina's mom had taken a rap tape from her kids. She walked outside and put the tape on the sidewalk. She smashed the tape with her foot. Gina looked at her brother to see if he was upset. He stood smiling as his tape was smashed.
Kaleb was born 5 weeks premature. He was delivered via cesarean section during an emergency. He was choking on his umbilical cord. The doctor pulled him out and he started crying. He came home after 2 months in the ICU.
Rachel was tired of her boring old front yard. She decided to go to the gardening store. She bought lots of rose seeds. She planted roses all around her yard. Now her yard is beautiful and full of life and color!
Amos loved photography has a hobby. Every summer he went to a new country and took many pictures. When he was back home he ordered them. He discarded the bad ones. And finally made a movie with all the good pictures he had taken.
Anna wanted wavy hair for her school photo. The night before, she braided it. Then she slept in the braid. In the morning her hair was nice and wavy. Anna was proud of her ingenuity!
My cat Mufasa, decided he was going to go outside for the day, today. Mufasa spent the entire day outside, for at least five hours. When it started to get dark outside, I started to worry. Right before going to sleep I decided to go outside and look again. It was then I had seen him just sitting on the porch waiting.
Sean was at baseball practice. While there, he was hit in the head with the ball. He thought he was okay at first. However, he got dizzy. Sean was then diagnosed with a concussion.
Rena really wanted a new Kelly bag. She drove to the Hermes store but they did not have any. Rena was disappointed but looked online. Finally she saw the perfect pink color. She decided to purchase it.
Gina had agreed to introduce Tami to the cool kids. But she had been putting it off. She liked being the cool one. After a week she finally introduced her. Gina instantly regretted her decision to share her friends with Tami.
Shelby was getting ready for her classes upcoming show and tell. She couldn't decide on the perfect thing to show. She had a few items at home and debated between them. Suddenly her dog came running to play with her. Immediately she realized her dog was the perfect show and tell.
Rosanna was really looking forward to going on her date. She took extra time to make herself beautiful. When her date came to pick her up, he complimented her. He guided her to his car using an umbrella. But the rain ruined Rosanna's hair and makeup right away.
I was very hungry at my house. I didn't have any food, but I had leftovers. I took the food out from the fridge and put it on a plate. I heat it up in the microwave for a minute. I took it out and enjoyed it a lot.
Tom's toaster was old. He had to manually stop it himself. Otherwise it would burn his toast. He forgot to one day. It burned part of his kitchen down.
Sara was pregnant. She went to the doctor, who gave her some surprising news. It was twins! Sara was nervous and excited. She could hardly believe it!
Hank wanted to learn how to play the drums. So he bought a cheap drum set. He thought they were too loud. But he figured he would get used to the noise. But after a few weeks of playing, his ears couldn't stop ringing.
Angela always wanted to make her husband notice her. She wore revealing clothes and expensive perfume. One day Angela bought a special perfume with pheromones. She wore it on a special night out and her husband noticed. Angela never had a problem with her husband again.
During winter break, I went to the mall with a few friends. We ate dinner and walked around the outlet stores. Before we left, we decided to go to the bathroom. Although it was hard to believe, I ran into other friends. We talked for a little bit and exchanged phone numbers.
Josh was trying to check his bank account. Unfortunately he forgot his password. He put in the wrong one too many times and was locked out. Josh had to call to get it fixed. They were able to troubleshoot him through the process.
Today I did not wake up in time to cook breakfast. All the cereal was gone. I found some pop tarts but they were passed their expiration date. I decided to eat them anyway. Now I have a belly ache.
Betty loved looking up at the sky at night. Her parents knew that she would love a telescope for her birthday. On Betty's birthday she opened the gift with a big smile. She spent Many nights using the telescope to study the sky. Betty eventually became a well known astronomer.
Wallace has never fished before. His friend, Bill, offered to teach him. Wallace and Bill set sail from Bill's boat on Saturday. Wallace spent all evening learning fishing. They manage to catch two twenty pound bass!
David was tough for his age. He was only 8 years old. He did somersaults and cartwheels in the living room. He could also do tons of push ups right then and there. We were in awe by his strength and stamina.
Kayla's father was having a terrible week. He was a pastor and was struggling to find a sermon to preach. He watched some of the protests on the television. Kayla's father suddenly had the idea for a perfect sermon. It was so inspired his congregation is still talking about it.
I was visiting my aunt's house which was rumored to be haunted. I was afraid when I walked into the living room and found it ice cold. Even scarier, I saw a white fluttering out of the corner of my eye. I turned to face the ghostly flutter and laughed out loud in relief. A window was cracked open, letting in a draft and blowing the drapes.
Shannon had been coughing every morning for weeks. One of her friends suggested that it might be due to smoking. Shannon decided to switch from cigarettes to electronic cigarettes. She set a quit smoking date and purchased the electronic cigarettes. After three weeks of electronic cigarettes, her cough subsided.
Laurel wanted to get some ice cream. She visited the local ice cream parlor after work. Laurel clumsily dropped her ice cream. She lamented the loss of her precious ice cream. Laurel rejoiced when the cashier offered her another.
Julie hated driving in traffic. Nobody used their blinkers or went fast enough. She honked her horn at so many people. One person cut her off and hit her. She got out of the car scratched up and started yelling at the driver.
Jimmy watched his friend get bullied. He was pushed against a locker and punched a few times. Jimmy stayed until the bullies left. However, he didn't do anything to help his friends. In addition, he got in trouble for being a bystander in the situation.
Will wanted to learn the French language. Will took a class at his local community college. Will watched movies and TV shows that were only in French. Finally, Will traveled to Paris to spend a week there. Will spoke fluently with the local people in Paris!
We were sitting around the holidays at dinner. We were eating a turkey meal. However my cat was whining and begging for food. I looked at her and gave her some scraps. When I was done eating, I gave her my plate.
She put the water on to boil. While she waited, she got out the macaroni and cheese. She cooked the noodles. She went to get the butter but found an empty box. She learned to check before starting to cook.
Neil wanted to see wild beauty on his trip through Scotland. He decided to head north to Aberdeen. There, he found breathtaking countryside. The whole world seemed rich and green! Aberdeen was Neil's favorite spot in all of Britain!
Jenny was hungry so she bought an apple. She ate the apple in five minutes. She then felt very sick. She went to the doctor. It turns out the apple was rotten.
I had a big paper due last month for class. I love writing papers so I was happy to do it. I spent a lot of time to make sure my grammar was good. I turned the paper in early and got a good grade on it. I can't wait to write another paper for class.
Amanda had been invited to a dinner and silent auction. The auction was to raise funds for local schools. Amanda walked around and bid on some items. She won some things at a great price. By the end of the night, the charity had raised tons of money.
Ray noticed a water bottle on his desk. He didn't finish it the night before. He feared the water wasn't clean. But he didn't want to waste it. After Ray drank the water, he had a headache.
Maya's phone space was full. She went through her apps and tried to find something to delete. Then, she sorted through her photos and videos. She deleted anything that wasn't necessary. Finally, her phone had more space.
Clarence was in the mood for a horror movie. He decided to look up the scariest movies of the last decade. Clarence finally settled on a psychological horror movie. Clarence was completely spooked after watching it. Clarence could not sleep that night.
Judith was six, and lived with her parents in Alabama. Her parents loved Judith's southern accent. When she was seven, Judith and her family moved to Texas. In Texas, her new teachers though her accent was a speech impediment. They required Judith to take speech therapy.
Mike had to go to the doctor. He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work. He did not want to go by himself. He called his mom and she met him. All the blood work came back clear and he was relieved.
Billy wants to become a doctor to help people. He learns interesting things as he progresses through school. He opens his own private practice. Billy becomes rich by helping patients. Now Billy only cares about the money.
Rebecca was at work on a normal day. Suddenly her phone started to ring. She ignored it until it kept ringing. Rebecca answered and it was her mom. Her mother told her that her father passed away.
Dana wanted to go to the school dance. However, she did not want to go by herself. She waited and waited to be asked. No one ever asked her. Dana finally decided to go by herself and have fun.
Kelly couldn't wait to see the new Star Wars movie. She and her friends got advance tickets. When they got them they got great seats. The girls ended loving the movie. When it was over they wanted to see it again.
Sarah loved to go to the library. She always had trouble finding just a few books to check out. She usually ended up with more than she intended. She loved to read, so this was fine with her. She always took her books back on time when she was done.
Gina's 5th hour class was English. It was the first day so the teacher just talked for most of the class. Gina sat and bored waiting for class to end. When the bell rang she went to the hall looking for her friends. She gave up when the bell rang signalling the last class of the day.
Two years ago I found a baby kitty in a dumpster near my job. I brought it home and my pet German Shepherd immediately fell in love. He was very gentle with the kitty and protected it as it grew. We named the cat D-O-G because it thinks it'  s like a dog. She plays fetch and does the same tricks that my other dog does.
Will needed some money bad. Will bought a fistful of lotto tickets. Will nervously switched on his television that night. Will scoured his tickets to see if they matched the winning numbers. Will won the lotto!
Tyler and Brittany got married a couple years ago. All Brittany ever wanted was a little baby. They tried for months and months and nothing happened. Finally Brittany got good news and surprised Tyler when he got home. Baby Conner will be here in 6 months, we can't wait.
My niece's sixteen year old daughter got her first job recently. She started working in a supermarket in the fall. She has not been given any work assignments lately. When she called the manager said she was too slow. My niece's daughter was very disappointed.
Last night while I was going to sleep I heard a noise. The noise was very scary. I checked under my bed and I was shocked at what I found. There was a cricket under there. I was glad I investigated that noise.
Fran had entered her lamb, Edna, into the sheep judging. Before Edna would be ready to be judged, she would need some work. Fran washed Edna's woolly coat. She then brushed out the coat. Fran only stopped when Edna stood in fluffy perfection.
Bill wanted to start a business. His wife paid the bills. Bill quit his job. He worked very hard. Now he is one of the richest men in the world.
I was so excited to ride my first roller coaster! I waited almost two hours in line just to get onto the ride. It took forever to get everyone loaded and buckled in. Our car went up and down and round and round. It was over much too soon.
Juanita has always wanted to become a skateboarder. Her friends tell her that skateboarding is better for guys than girls. However, she buys a skateboard anyway. She practices skateboarding everyday until she is an expert. Juanita is very proud that she is a skateboarder.
While I was driving, the person in front of me was moving slow. I decided to speed up in another lane and go in front of him. Eventually, he drove up and hit the side of my car. I immediately stopped however, he kept driving. Since I couldn't file a report, I was mad.
I was waiting at baggage claim in Stockholm. I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them. They seemed to look like instruments. I noticed a group of young men come and collect the items. I had been on the same flight as the International Noise Conspiracy!
I was dricing home from work. It was raining really bad. I hadn't taken the rain into account. I skidded through a stop light. I almost hit another car.
Wendy went for a drive in the country with her children. She was driving slow and taking in the scenery. When a squirrel ran out into the road, she swerved to miss it. In doing so, she accidentally cut off someone trying  to pass her. While blowing their horn, the driver followed her closely for 5 miles.
Tim was at a restaurant. Another patron started to choke on his food. Tim went over to try to help. He smacked the guy's back a few times. The food dislodged from the patron's throat.
Gob liked to ride his bicycle to work every day. One day it was 114 degrees outside. Gob got sick with heat exhaustion from riding in the heat. Gob had to go to the emergency room to help his heat exhaustion. Gob took the bus to work after that.
Courtney hadn't been staying at her house. No one had been mowing her yard. The grass was getting long. Courtney went back to her house. Walking through the grass, she suffered numerous bug bites.
Yesterday I started trying sushi. At first it was intimidating. Then I found out I liked it. I then ordered more. I ate the entire plate.
Jon's family decided to go to vacation in India. Jon didn't want to go to India. His family dragged him along, anyways. Jon was angry. But, he soon fell in love with India!
Charles told one of the richest men in the world about an experience. On Thanksgiving, Charles was starving to death. His mother didn't want him at any relative's home to eat. Charles sent his mother scathing e-mails. The rich man put a video on twitter showing a table full of food.
Jason was on his way to a football game. He noticed a wallet under a park bench. He searched the wallet and found a card with a name and phone number. He called the number and asked the man if this was his wallet. The man confirmed and the two set up a meet to exchange the wallet.
Sarah and Allen went to a sushi restaurant. But Sarah didn't know how to use chopsticks. Initially, Sarah worried. But she noticed that other people were just using their hands. Sarah felt relieved when she learned that that was acceptable.
The couple took a romantic trip to Venice. They saw amazing sights. They ate delicious food. They rode boats in the canals. It was truly the trip of a lifetime.
John woke up with a strange pain in his abdomen. He became worried that something was terribly wrong. John called and set an appointment with his doctor. After a thorough exam, John's doctor gave him the news. He had terrible gas!
Tom had a bunch of candy from halloween. He didn't each even one piece. So after Thanksgiving he decided to start eating his candy. But his candy was nowhere to be found. His little brother took it all.
I work at a jump school teaching people to parachute properly. Today I thanked all of our parachute riggers for their work. When I jumped after that, I had to open my reserve chute. Turns out someone didn't pack my parachute right. I guess I shouldn't have spoken so soon.
Sam planned to push her groceries home in a stroller. After checking out, she realized she had too many bags. She asked to leave her bags at customer service. Then, she brought half of the bags home. She had to go back and bring the second half home after that.
Darius's family's cat had kittens one summer. There were three of them and he got to keep one. His parents however disapproved of all of his name suggestions. The suggestions were all too silly or long, they informed him. Finally he chose a plain name to not have to fight about it anymore.
John was extremely bored. In frustration, he began kicking the ground until he stubbed his toe. He yelped in pain. He had hit his foot on an old box filled with old toy soldiers. Instantly, he forgot his boredom and began playing with his new toys.
Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday. His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode. He did not like the helmet so he did not put it on. He crashed the bike into a big oak tree. Randy got stitches in his head and his bike taken away.
Marlon had been independent since 18. At 32 he lost everything, his house, his wife, and his job. He was now moving back into his parents house. He now had to sleep on the same couch he watched cartoons on. Marlon found a new job and moved out within four days.
Bill came upon a corral of horses. The man down the road needed to sell them. He purchased one and name it Muffin. Muffin came to live on Bill's farm. Muffin taught bill how to cherish friends again.
Danny gained momentum with his skateboard. He was trying to approach a rail. Once he jumped in the air, the skateboard landed on the rail. He feel since his skateboard was grind too fast. Luckily, he got up without any bruises.
Jim was running late for work. He parked his car behind the building so no one would see. He snuck in the building through the back door. Jim's boss was unaware of Jim's tardiness. At his desk, Jim felt quite relieved.
My son's friend Joe moved from Boston to Austin, Texas. Joe lost his job last month. He applied to many places and got a job offer last week. He needed a driver's license and did not have one. Joe is still looking for a job.
Tom had a fear of height.s. He tried to conquer it often. Tom went with friends to a waterfall. It was high and they all jumped off of it. Tom joined and felt accomplished.
Mandy grew corn in her fields. It was nearing October and she needed some quick money. Mandy thought about converting her fields into a corn maze! Kids from all around came to pay to play in her maze! Her great idea made her a small fortune!
Last week Donald had relatives in from out of town. He was walking them around showing them different areas. He was used to a fast lifestyle and walked with a purpose. At one point he realized he had lost them. He had walked too fast and they weren't able to keep up.
Howie bought his first car at 16. the car was a buick. Howie fixed the buick up well. Howie then raced the buick against his friend. Howie crashed the buick and had no car after he raced his friend.
Jack wanted to play basketball. But it was raining outside. So he decided to play basketball inside. His basketball hit the television. And Jack was forced to stop.
Mike walked to his favorite tree with a rope. He threw it over a study branch and tied a knot. Mike tied a seat to the free end of the rope. He then began to swing on the tree all afternoon. When he was done, Mike untied his swing from the tree.
I snapped the picture. I had waited for exactly the right moment. We had set out some bread on a picnic bench. I wanted a picture of a squirrel. It was on a camping trip with my family.
The Johnson family loved going to the beach. They were trying to decide where to go for vacation. The family decided that they had to go to a beach. They decided to go to Florida. The Johnson family loved Florida and want to go back.
Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine. Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water. On her walk home she stopped and bought water and almonds. She walked home eating the almonds and chugging the water. By the time she arrived her heart felt much better.
The couple stood at a lookout. The man pointed out some landmarks to the woman. She could not see the landmarks. He thought she might need glasses. She made an appointment with the eye doctor.
Tammy liked to listen to music. She always listen with the volume at its highest. Her mother warned her she would go deaf. She went to the doctors to get her hearing checked. She had lost 50% of her hearing.
Gina needed to get into her locked house. She tried the bathroom window on the side of the house. It was locked. She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked. Gina climbed into the house through the window.
Chester was always bullied at school. His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight. Chester trained with Carter for several weeks. Chester now had the confidence to face his bullies. Chester got his revenge when he beat them all up.
Fred was walking through his school hallway. He asked other students if they knew where the library was. Nobody could help him, so he had to ask teachers. He finally found a teacher who could help him and then he took off. When Fred got to the library, he dropped his books off and left.
Carla had always wanted to learn a new language. She decided to enroll in Japanese classes after work. At first she found it very difficult. However, she studied very hard to improve her Japanese. Finally she had learned a new language.
Gerald was at a restaurant and wanted seafood. He ordered plenty of fish and other types of food. After eating all his food, he ordered crab. They brought him the crab, but he didn't like the taste. He paid his bill and left the restaurant.
Susie was not feeling very well. To her surprise she got a card. The card was from her sister. She had not spoken to her in years. Her sister wished her the best.
Simon's church was holding a raffle. Simon paid ten dollars for a ticket. The church drew Simon's ticket. Simon received a gift certificate for a hardware store. Simon felt very lucky that he had won.
Rose was having a great time in New York City. She took a cab into Brooklyn. There, she saw the Brooklyn Bridge. She climbed it and stood over the East River. Rose found it beautiful and thrilling.
Matt's parents came into town one weekend. He, his fiance, and his parents drove out to the beach! After that, they visited the nearby town of Annapolis. Once they got back, they saw a movie. By the time his parents left, everyone was very tired!
I made a ham sandwich. Just as I was about to eat it, there was a knock on my door. I laid my sandwich on the table. When I came back, it was gone. My dog had grabbed it ate it.
The girl primped in the mirror. She fixed her hair and makeup. When she was finished, she looked beautiful. Her date was stunned when he saw her. He couldn't believe such a beautiful girl agreed to date him!
I tried not to do anything to mess up the new carpet. I was very careful while I cleaned the house. Just as I turned from picking up a can, my dog ran into me. The can flew out of my hand and hit the carpet. There was now a huge soda stain that I couldn't get out.
There was a kid who ran a 2 mile race. On the way to the finish line he was out of breathe. He stopped and tried to catch his breathe. It didn't work, he had to use an inhaler. The inhaler worked and he finished the race.
John was going to the movies. John was driving when he heard a loud noise. John stopped the car to check on the problem. He found a flat tire and changed it. He got to the movies just in time.
John and Bob are my coworkers. They are very good friends. Both employees were caught clocking in for each other. When Bob is late John would clocked in for Bob and vice versa. After fifteen years of service, both employees were fired.
Bob had a fish tank. One day be noticed that water was missing from it.q He investigated further. He saw that the tank was leaking slightly! He had to patch it up with silicone sealant.
Isabella wanted to throw the best Halloween party. She decorated invitations to send out to all her friends. After all her friends got the invite, she decorated for the party. When all the friends arrived they played spooky games. All of the Isabella's friends thanked her for the best party.
Betty had been looking forward to Saturday all week. She wanted to thoroughly clean and detail her car. She got her supplies together and set to work. When she was done, something still felt not quite right. Betty found a new car smell air freshener, and that did the trick.
The rock band was performing their heaviest song. People started moshing around. At first, there were no problems but it got worse. People started getting hurt. The band stopped the show.
I had lots of dirty laundry. I spent time sorting the clothes. I washed all of the clothing. When they were done, I sorted them. I hung them up on hangers in my closet.
Miranda made a new friend one day. Her name was Carrie. The two girls became fast friends. One day Carrie got sick. It crushed miranda.
Rick was at a shoe store. And he was overwhelmed by all of the choices. He tried on seven different pairs of shoes. But he couldn't decide which pair to buy. After twenty minutes of trying to decide, Rick chose nothing.
Rita decided to make her own bread. She carefully made her dough, then baked it. But after ages in the oven, it still hadn't risen! Rita suddenly smacked her forehead. She had forgotten to add the yeast!
Jess wanted to get high before class. She went outside and smoked some weed. She came inside and was immediately questioned. The security asked her why she was outside. She ended up getting detention.
Drew wanted to try out for the football team. But he was too slow and too little to play. He spent all summer lifting weight and doing sprints. He gained ten pounds of muscle and became very fast. He ended up making the team and becoming the star player.
Tracey wanted to go to an overnight concert with her boyfriend. When she asked her parents the immediately said no. She then yelled and complained telling them they are no fair. Reluctantly they told her they want to meet him. After the meet and greet her parents forbade her from seeing him.
Jill loved makeup. She bought some new mascara. She put several coats on her eyelashes. They looked long and dramatic. Jill loved the look!
I never want to use public bathrooms if I could help it. However, one day I had no choice. I went inside a Walmart bathroom. It was very disgusting and obviously no one cleaned it. I used the bathroom as fast as I could and got out.
Chrissy wanted to give special holiday cards to her teammates. But there were nine girls and she couldn't afford nine cards! She resolved to make them herself by hand. She went to work with scissors , glitter, pens and glue. The girls were so happy with the sweet cards, they almost cried!
Derrick loved funny cat pictures. His coworkers did not. Derrick always sent out a huge email on Fridays with lots of pictures. His coworkers had asked him to stop but he didn't listen. Derrick was fired one day because he sent it to his boss by mistake.
I was playing blackjack. I had a ten and an eight. The dealer asked me for my decision. I decided to get another card. I got a king and I lost.
I decided to clean out all the closets. I got a rag and a trash bag. I went into the closets and picked through the old clothing. After throwing out the old stuff, I started cleaning. I wiped down all the shelves and doors.
Brian loved hiking. One of his favorite places to hike was in the mountains. One time he ended up getting lost and off the path. He spent hours trying to find his way out. Finally a ranger found him and took him to the nearest station.
Cooper adopted a cat named Gail. Cooper loved his pet cat Gail. One day Cooper noticed Gail had gained weight. He took Gail to the veterinarian. Cooper ended up finding out Gail was pregnant with kittens.
Tom tore his favorite shirt. His girlfriend told him she could fix it. She tried to sew it for him. Unfortunately she messed it up worse. Tom forgave her after a while.
Norma was not sure what to get her husband for his birthday. He was a simple man and he usually did not want much. The few things he did want or need he would buy himself. She finally found out he wanted to get himself a desk. When it arrived she assembled it for him as her gift.
Amy and Beth were ready to start the 7th grade. They were over the summer and ready for school to start. They decided since they were adults to get their ears pierced. Amy's mother forbade it. Amy was so upset she didn't speak to her mom for a week.
Lucy was fascinated by old abandoned buildings. The house across the street from her had an abandoned carriage house. She was very curious and decided to go check it out. Unfortunately, the floor gave out underneath her and she was injured. Lucy is still interested in old buildings, but now she is more careful.
The Thanksgiving turkey was cooking in the oven. The smell wafted throughout the house. My family could hardly wait. When the Turkey arrived, everyone cheered. It was tastier than I could have hoped for.
Jenny needed a new bedspread. She looked all over the internet for one. The mixed reviews for the products she found were worrisome. Jenny decided to go to the stores in person. She felt confident after touching the bedspread before buying it.
Linda was in love with her boyfriend and wanted to marry him. But he was very successful for a twenty one year old guy. Linda usually didn't know where he was or what he was doing. One day she snooped in his briefcase and found he owned a second home. She drove to the address one evening and saw him with another girl.
Dennis had a big exam at 10 in the morning the next day. He stayed up all night studying for this test. At 8 in the morning he decided to take a quick nap. When he woke up it was 12pm. He got a 0 on the exam and had to drop the class.
Tom got a new laptop by his parents. It was a gift for him going off to college. The first week he was there he dropped it. The screen and motherboard shattered. Tom never told his parents.
Tom came home from work. He was so tired and just wanted to sleep. He checked the news quickly and went to bed. But he heard music outside. Tom's neighbors were having a party.
Shortly after I turned fifteen, I ran away from home. I decided to climb out of my bedroom window and steal a car. I got halfway through town before I was pulled over. The sheriff himself took me back home. When we got there, my parents told him they didn't want me.
Jim moves into the same apartment complex as Jane. Both her roommates think he's hot. But Jane has a funny feeling and looks him up on google. It turns out that he is one of London's most wanted criminals. Jane calls the police and reports him .
Jerry was having a conversation with George. He bought a box of raisinettes and offered some to George. George refuses, disgusted. George hated raisins, he disliked all dried fruits. Jerry rolled his eyes and ate all the raisinettes.
It was Dean's birthday. His mom bought him a big cake. He blew out the candles and then cut the cake. They all ate two pieces each. It was delicious!
Lance was at the bar with friends. He was a light drinker. He wanted to impress a girl by drinking more. Eventually Lance had too much. He was drunk and embarrassed himself.
I wanted to open an online business and make a lot of money. I read books on how to start an online business. I watched YouTube videos to learn more about online businesses. I talked to people who had online businesses they said go for it. I opened then closed my online business because I made no money.
Sally was the smartest student in her fourth grade class. One day there was a spelling bee. Sally thought for sure she would win. But she couldn't figure out how to spell a tough word. The quiet boy won the competition instead.
Ed was making dinner for his new girlfriend. He decided to try a recipe he found online. When she arrived, the kitchen was a mess. He could not figure out what he was doing. Together they cobbled together something that was edible.
Julie bought a fluffy gray rabbit at the pet store. She put the rabbit in a cage with food and water. Julie wasn't sure if the rabbit was a boy or a girl. She named the rabbit Fluffy. The next day Fluffy had babies!
Seth really liked Laura. He resolved to ask her on a date. he steeled his nerves and pulled her aside. Then he asked her out. To his joy, Laura said she would go on a date with him!
Tom liked to play tennis at the neighborhood tennis court. He would often play late at night after the tennis court was closed. His neighbors were disturbed by the noise so late in the evening. They politely asked Tom not to play tennis late in the evening. Tom got upset and threw a temper tantrum like a child.
Frank loved writing stories as a kid. His parents were never supportive of his story writing talents. One day, Frank bumped into his favorite writer at the mall. He read Frank's stories and told his parents that he was gifted. Frank is today a big writer with five bestseller novels in the market.
Monica was at an auction. She saw a rocking chair that she really wanted. She made a bid for it. Soon, a bunch of people started out bidding her. She didn't have a lot of money so she gave up.
John and his friends wanted to see their favorite band in town. John asked his dad but he said that he couldn't go. John felt sad as he heard his friends expressing their excitement. On the day of the concert, John's dad surprised him with tickets. John happily called his friends, and they all enjoyed the concert.
The boat was gassed up and ready to go. The boys climbed aboard and set out. They were all going to try wakeboarding today. At first it was tough, but by the end of the day they were great. The boys all agreed that they would have to try it again.
I looked forward to every trip there. The soda was cold. The soda had plenty of fizz. There was a soda machine at the back of the store. My grandmother owned the store.
Matt wanted to be a wrestler. He tried out for the school team. The coach told him he didn't weigh enough. Matt ate nothing but unhealthy food for weeks. He gained enough weight and was able to make the wrestling team.
Terry was driving down the road to a football game. He started to hear a loud noise coming from his car. He pulls over to see what's wrong. He pops his hood and smoke flies everywhere. He calls Triple A and waits for a ride.
I told him he didn't understand the difference. He believed emotional abuse was no big deal. Meanwhile he feared being physically abusive. I told him I felt emotional abuse was far worse. He told me I was the one who was confused.
Todd was homeless. He didn't have anywhere to sleep for the night. He slept on the park bench. A stranger offered him a bed at his home. Todd was able to get a good night's rest at the stranger's home.
Richard was attending a local high school. One day he found himself lost. He asked a random stranger to give him directions. He ended up even more lost. Richard ended up being late to every class he had.
Lisa came down with the flu. Lisa was sad because she couldn't go to school. Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover. Lisa's flu went away after one week. Finally, lisa could go back to school!
Sammy was working on a craft in class. He was folding a piece of construction paper. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain. He looked and saw that he had a paper cut. He went to his teacher and got a bandage.
John was going blind over time. His eyesight kept getting worse. Eventually he had to get glasses. It took him a long time to find a pair. He eventually picked one and was able to see right.
Jeb was going on a run. He tripped over a rock. Jeb sprained his ankle. He went to the doctor to get an ankle wrap. Eventually Jeb's ankle was fully recovered
I moved in with Greg shortly after leaving my parents. He took me in, fed and clothed me. He took me to school every morning to make sure I didn't skip classes. He tried very hard to take care of me, but I resisted. I ran away from his home too.
We got invited to June's party. I was a little worried to go. I did not know anyone that would be there. I didn't want to sit in the corner all night. Everyone ended up being really nice.
Ever since Smith was a small child, he had wanted a pet cat. The only issue is his mother is allergic to cat hair. Smith worked hard in school and was able to buy a big home. Smith purchased as many cats as he possibly could. Smith lived happily ever after with his cats.
Barry loved to play kickball, since he was a little boy. Barry decided to organize a kickball team in his neighborhood. Barry received many individuals wanting to join the team. Barry had such a large response, that he had to organize several teams. Barry was thrilled that he could organize a local kickball league.
Dave was being bullied at school. The bully always took his lunch money and threatened him. Dave was told by his friends to stand up for himself. Dave confronted the bully one day at school. He beat up the bully and was never bullied again.
Kia was always running late in the morning. Her kids always dragged their feet and cost her time. Luckily, the kids' school began a new program offering kids breakfast! Kia was so happy to hear that! Now she didn't have to waste time feeding her kids before school!
Melanie went to help her mom clean out her grandfather's attic. Her grandfather, who had just died, kept many things up there. As she opened the door, Melanie saw a wooden box on a table. She opened the box and found shiny gold coins. She was rich!
Ted was homeless. He wanted to make some money to eat. He would go around picking up cans and bottles. It was barely enough to keep him from starving. He was indirectly helping clean up.
Sue was having friends over to play board games. She was also going to serve snacks and drinks. She wanted everyone to have a good time. Unfortunately, no one showed up. Sue watched movies by herself instead.
I had a contest with my friend at the beach. We wanted to see who could make the biggest sand castle. I was going to make mine huge. Unfortunately, it started to rain. We kicked over the castles and shook hands.
Omar was the only Hispanic boy in a white school. He wished he had more friends, but his classmates were aloof. Then one day his teacher made an announcement. They had a new student, a Mexican girl named Ora! Omar and Ora quickly became great friends!
Ben's dog Skip was very old. One day Skip got sick. Ben took Skip to the vet. The vet told ben that it was Skip's time. Ben sadly put Skip down.
Jackie was very athletic when she was a child. She liked to run long distances. As she got older she continued to run longer and longer distances. Jackie began training for a marathon. Jackie completed her first marathon a few weeks ago.
Mike was very nervous. His first date with Rachel was about to end. He wondered if he should kiss her. Then Rachel solved his quandary for him. She leaned over and kissed him goodnight!
Little Timmy moves to a new neighborhood. But he is too shy to play with the other kids. So his mother sends him outside with a bag of candy. That breaks the ice as the kids immediately approach him. He becomes friends with all the kids in the neighborhood that summer.
Chris had worked at the bank for nearly ten years. He had recently applied for a promotion to assistant manager. One day he was called into his boss's office. His coworkers were there with cake and balloons. He had gotten the promotion!
When we go to Disney we always watch the Electrical Parade. It is the parade at night that is all lit up and has floats. The kids love seeing all the characters. But we just found out they are canceling the parade. So next time we won't be able to see our favorite thing.
My dad took me to a basketball game when I was little. He taught me everything about the sport in one night. He showed me all the different positions and how to win a game. He played a big part in my love for the sport. I'm an adult now and I hope to do the same one day with my son.
Ella was the new girl in school. At first everyone looked at her strangely. No one spoke to her. Then at recess, she introduced herself. The kids started to play with her.
Terry was delivering a heavy package. But as he approached the recipient's house, an angry dog appeared. The dog tried to attack him and the package was destroyed. And hundreds of dollars worth of electronics were ruined. But Terry was lucky to get away safely.
Heather was at the airport waiting for a flight. Suddenly an attendant announced that the flight had been cancelled. Heather would be stuck all weekend. As a consolation, the airport offered her one free flight. Heather ended up grateful it happened because the flight was useful.
My son is just starting to walk. He is still very wobbly on his feet. It is really funny to watch him try. He is getting there pretty quick, though. He will be running soon.
When I walked into my math class, it was quiet. Everyone took out their pencils and scantron accept myself. I was confused and asked my teacher what we're doing today. She says that were taking an exam. My heart started to beat fast since I didn't study.
Jed was playing in his pen with a blue marker. He had a piece of paper on which he liked to draw all sorts of shapes. When he bored of drawing on the paper, he started drawing elsewhere. He drew on the crib as well as himself. Jed's mother came into his room to see a very blue Jed.
Tim likes to ride bicycles. Tim rode his bicycle out in the woods. The wheel of Tim's bicycle struck a rock while Tim was going fast. Tim flew off his bicycle and slammed into a tree. Tim was ultimately airlifted to a hospital with a broken neck.
Some archaeologists were looking for a lost city hidden in the forest. They studied maps and old books for a location. They couldn't find the exact spot so decided to try from the air. They hired a plane and flew high over the forest looking for signs. Eventually they spotted some ruins and discovered the lost city!
My old air conditioner was too weak. So I bought a new one. It was very powerful. But it still had trouble keeping me cool. And I realized how much trouble it is to live in a hot climate.
Anna was lactose intolerant. She usually avoided dairy items. But one day she couldn't resist a milkshake. It was so delicious! But it gave her terrible cramps afterwards.
The couple went on a date. They decided to go to a theater. They looked at the different movies. They finally chose one. They really liked the movie.
Tim wanted to find a girlfriend. He asked his friend for some advice. His friend suggested he begin with his appearance. Tim's friend suggested he trim his fingernails. Tim did that and began feeling more confident about his appearance.
Everyone raced to the grocery store before the impending snow storm. Polly went to the grocery store as well. While other people snatched up bottled water, she picked up chocolate. The other people looked at her cart full of chocolate suspiciously. Polly had the most delicious snowed in weekend.
Owen was bleeding really bad from his wound. The nurse told him this would sting, and poured peroxide onto it. Owen howled, and wince away from the nurse. The nurse laughed and said it was to clean any infections. Owen grabbed the bottle of peroxide and poured it on the wound.
Tom was walking through his apartment. He kicked over a bottle of water. He got his sweatshirt wet. He tried to dry the water soaked area. He did his best to clean it up.
Jill was late on her rent. She would not get paid until next week. Jill decided to sell her laptop on eBay. She was able to sell it for $500. Jill was able to pay her rent the next day.
Quentin finished college Years ago but he never learned calculus. He decided to learn the topic independently. He borrowed a calculus textbook from the library and studied it. Quentin worked very hard to learn all of the topics. Quentin was proud that he finally knew calculus.
Sam was doing laundry. He decided to do his girlfriend's as well. He put all her clothes in one load. Some of her items were ruined. Sam's girlfriend was upset.
Sabrina was getting ready for work one morning. As she brushed her teeth she felt an extreme pain. One of her molars was very sore so she went to the dentist. To her dismay he found a few cavities in her mouth. She had him fix them up and soon her mouth hurt less.
Carrie had a wedding. She wanted her nails done. So she went to the salon. She got a French manicure. It lasted a long time.
Lisa and I bought a new kitten. When we got home, it immediately hid under the bed. We had to coax it out with tuna. After that, it wouldn't leave the bedroom. That required catnip.
One Saturday Sparky and his Dad were driving past Sparky's school. Sparky's Dad drove into the school parking lot. Sparky's Dad told him to get out and go to school. Sparky thought it was a joke but got out of the car anyway. Sparky and his Dad had a good laugh.
Robbie was driving through the countryside. He ran out of gas along the way. He pushed his car to the side of the road. He called his parents to come bring him gas. They finally came after several hours.
Jeanne was watching TV when a commercial aired. It described an app that she thought sounded cool. She had to make some space to get it. Finally, she downloaded the app. It actually lived up to her expectations as well.
Denise was very self conscious of her facial hair. Denise tried everything to keep them unrecognizable. Denise decided the best thing would be to try waxing. After locating a clinic, Denise tried the facial waxing. Denise was so satisfied with the results of her first facial waxing.
Wanda's son brought his toy magic set to his mother. He put a metal ball into a small cup. The boy covered the cup and tapped it with his wand. When he uncovered the cup, the metal ball was nowhere to be seen! Wanda applauded her son loudly.
Jess loved to grill. It didn't matter what time of year, she loved it. She wanted a large new grill. She shopped online for the best deal. She found the perfect grill and bought it.
Jerry had an unfortunate case of the sniffles. He had no other symptoms apart from the sniffles. He would blow his nose. He would keep tissues ready. The sniffles persisted for weeks, and he was forced to see a doctor.
Kate was jogging one day. Suddenly she spotted something on the ground. It was a dropped cell phone! She scrolled through it to fine the emergency contact. Then she returned the phone to its grateful owner!
In high school I was on the girls volleyball team for two years. However, my teammates were very dramatic and mean to each other. This made me start to dislike volleyball. So I quit and joined the cross country team. I still love to run so this was a decision I will never regret.
A burglar was in the basement of a house he was stealing from. He heard a car pull into the driveway. The burglar grabbed his loot and dashed up the stairs. On the top step he stumbled and fell. He didn't pick up any loot and just kept running.
Tom was a nerd in high school. He was invited to his first party. Tom was really excited about it. When he showed up it was an empty house with grumpy old people. Tom had been invited to the wrong place as a joke.
By the time Rob turned eighteen, he was blind. While most kids were driving and preparing for college he stayed home. His mom bought him a computer and a music program. Rob made a record and entered a rap contest at a college. Rob won the first place prize of a record deal and travels the world.
Allie was wearing her favorite jeans. She wore them everywhere. Unfortunately they started to rip. Allie was disappointed. She had to repair them.
I bought a townhouse that was a foreclosure. My wife and I moved in and realized it needed some work. Together we fixed up the house and gave it a total makeover. We stayed one year then put it on the market. Someone bought it for a higher price than we originally did!
Harry was a chimney sweep. At most houses, when he brought out his vacuum, the cats would run. However, at one, the cat was always very interested in everything. He liked to go to that house. He made good friends with the cat.
Joey's first grade class took a trip to the pumpkin patch. They could pick a pumpkin as long as they could get it to the bus. Joey's pumpkin was much too big and heavy. He finally laid his jacket on the ground to pull the pumpkin along. He got to keep it because he got it to the bus.
Connor notices that his shorts are looking old. He decides he wants to sew himself some shorts. So he gets his sewing machine along with supplies for making shorts. Then he begins to sew. Now Connor has a few brand new shorts to wear.
This year is my parents' 25th wedding anniversary. We've planned them a surprise party. We invited all of their friends. At the end of the party, we're giving them a present. We all pitched in to get them tickets for a cruise vacation.
Ed likes to buy vintage records. Yesterday, he found a shop that only sells records. He spent hours in there. Ed ended up walking out with over twenty different records. He won't say what they cost him, though.
I saw a woman walk out of our building with a dog. Our building has a no dog policy except for service animals. I recognized the dog as a service animal. Another neighbor said out the dog was supposed to wear an id collar. I said the neighbor was being too nosy.
Sally had been sick for many weeks. She was feeling better. Her and a friend decided to go for a walk. It was great for Sally to get some fresh air. She felt much better after getting out of the house.
Jordan did not feel well when he woke up this morning. He had the chills and a low grade fever. By the afternoon, Jordan had started coughing and sneezing. Jordan decided to go to his doctor. Jordan's doctor gave him a prescription for antibiotics.
My son heard a kid calling someone else names. He turned around to see what was going on. He heard them picking on a boy with special needs. He warned them to stop and leave him alone but they didn't listen. He knocked the bully to the ground and got 2 days suspension.
The girls were playing in their bedroom. They had a big pink teapot. They pretended to pour tea into each of their glasses. Then they toasted to each other. They sipped the tea politely.
Abbey had been overweight ever since she'd had her third child. He wouldn't admit it but her husband was less attracted to her. She was determined to get back into shape. At first nothing seemed to change, but she stuck to her new lifestyle. Luckily, she began to slowly slim down.
Javier lost his favorite flute on a trip to California. He was afraid it was gone forever. His friends encouraged him to forget it and move on. However, Javier was determined to find his flute. He returned to California and found his lost flute.
Ivan was watering his front lawn. All of a sudden, a baby deer went up to his house. Ivan captured the baby deer on his phone. He uploaded the video to YouTube afterwards. His video of the baby deer got a million views.
Matt was a viking in the thirteenth century. All he wanted was to raid an Anglo-Saxon village. His mother wouldn't let him because she was too protective. He decided to sneak out one night against his mother's orders. He attacked the village by himself and was killed immediately.
My friend got  upset  with when I  told  her  I  had  a  date. I  agreed  to  go  with  a  boy that  she  had a   crush  on. She never  told  me  about  this  boy. I did  not  want  to  upset  my  friend. I  did  not  go  with  the  boy to save our  friendship.
Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.
Young Su was born in Korea. He moved to America at a young age. He decided to go visit Korea, the land of his ancestors. He had a wonderful time on his trip. He knew he would never forget that perfect trip.
Jesse liked to write. He had a hard time coming up with stories though. He decided to make five sentence stories. He now has a much easier time coming up with stories. He now gets paid to write them.
When Craig went to the frat party he went with a mission. He wanted to build a tower or staff of beer cans. All he had was duct tape and a case. The next morning he woke up with the worst hangover. But next to him, his beer tower was so long it was out the window.
Robert was going to a surfing class at the beach. He was thrilled about learning a new skill. When he got to the assembled class he became very nervous. He decided to stick it out and do his best though. Robert was happy he did because he loved it.
We just finished refinished our basement. It really needed some work. We added wall to wall carpet. We painted the walls. It looks great!
Elena wanted a new doll she saw on a TV commercial. The doll was a special type of toy that only a thousand were made. Her parents waited six hours in a long line outside of a toy store. They were able to get one of the dolls. Elena was presented her new doll on her birthday.
Horace thought his small town needed a general store. He decided to open a store where people could buy basic goods. The town residents were very happy to have a store in town. Horace's store was successful. He was glad he had opened a store in his town.
Bette had just moved to the USA from Chile. She was not sure anyone would like her. But on her first day at school, she made several friends. She even got asked out on a date! Bette was pleased that Americans were so friendly.
Glen was on the school bus going home. Suddenly, the bus broke down. The driver tried his best to fix it, but it was getting dark. The kids needed to get home soon. Finally, he gave up and they had their parents come pick them up.
Amy had just gotten her hair braided. Her father decided to take her to the park. Her mother told Amy to be careful not to get sand in her hair. At the park a kid threw sand and it got in her hair. Amy's mom was so upset she made Amy sit in time out for an hour.
Robyns cat acts more like a dog than a cat. She likes to lay on her back with her belly exposed. She also enjoys eating the dogs food when she can sneak it. When the weather is nice she likes to go for walks with her human. She absolutely loves car rides!
Will had decided to start a new career. He had alway dreamed of being his own boss. A startup business was a lot of working but he was motivated. He put in the time needed to be a success. Will is now a successful business owner.
I was having a very bad day. When I got out of bed I stepped on my cell phone and it broke. Then when I went to use the bathroom, I slipped and fell. I really couldn't believe this is happening to me today. I hope tomorrow my day starts out a lot better.
I have been training for my next wrestling match. I have been lifting a lot of weights to get stronger. I have gained a lot of muscle. Now I have to move up to a higher weight class. I am glad I lifted weights and I can be in a different weight class.
Marco had trouble swimming. A bully at school threw him into the pool one day. Marco sank like a stone. His crush Alice swam to the bottom and helped him to the surface. Alice and Marco smiled bashfully at each other and kissed.
Jacky had signed up to go on a blind date. She didn't usually do these things but she was desperate. Jacky's date was about 25 years older than her and not attractive. He didn't pay for dinner and was rude. Jacky swore off blind dates forever.
Maurice realized he needed more warm clothing for the upcoming winter. He went to a store to look for something warm to wear. Maurice found a terrific gray sweater that fit him well. Although it was expensive, Maurice bought the sweater. He was happy to have something warm to wear for winter.
Shay was studying Chinese culture in school. She decided to prepare a Chinese meal for her class. She brought in a wok and Chinese vegetables. Then she made up a big tasty stir fry. Shay's class loved her Chinese cooking!
Ray wanted to be a doctor. He studied very hard in college. Then he applied to medical school. He was accepted! Ray was on his way to being a doctor!
Clara was excited for the weekend. The only thing negative about the weekend was she didn't get an invite Her best friend didn't invite her to her birthday party. Clara was upset but learned to simply get over it. It made no sense for her to stay mad.
Bill was out with his friends one night drinking. He heard them talk about their relationships. Bill decided he was going to ask the girl out at the bar. Bill approached her and asked her. She declined his offer and Bill continued his search for a girl.
We had a physical fitness test where we had to run 5 km. I felt exhausted after I was only half done. My friend, who was a good runner, had already finished her run. She ran back to me to encourage me. With her encouragement, I finally finished my run.
I baked some cookies. I invited my friends to eat them. We had a great time eating the cookies. There was one cookie left. We decided to split the cookie to avoid fighting over it.
I got a call from an employer on tuesday. The employer stated he was an addictions counselor. I told the counselor I was studying for my masters degree. He asked if I was interested in a job at the correctional facility. I set up the interview for friday.
Tina loved Burger King so much. She used to refer to it as the BK Lounge. She would go there at least once a week. She would always get a whopper and fries. It was one of her favorite places to eat.
Joe noticed graffiti in his school's bathroom. It was written with a black sharpie. Joe always kept sharpies in his backpack. But he only used them for art projects. A teacher found Joe's sharpies and took him to the principal's office.
The dog dug a hole. The owner watched him do it. The dog buried a bone there. The owner removed it in secret. The dog was panicked when he tried to find it.
Alicia was excited to get a new neighbor. She immediately went over to say hi. She thought that the girl would be her age. Yet to her dismay, the girl was an adult. Alicia was disappointed.
Mist was very interested in ancient ruins. Her parents took her to a nearby museum complex. The museum had some actual ruins that had been excavated. Mist loved her time at the museum a great deal. She resolved then and there to get into archaeology.
Joe and his buddies went to the school dance together. Some really good music came on. They went out on the dance floor. Joe started dancing, getting totally caught up in the music. After awhile he realized the music had stopped, but he hadn't!
I was riding the bus to visit family across the country. A man a few years older than me asked to sit next to me. The man didn't say anything and eventually fell asleep. Despite my best effort I fell asleep after a while. When I awoke the man was gone leaving only a nasty scratch on my hand.
Tom entered into the school science fair. He asked his father for advice on his project. His father suggested that he make a model of the solar system. Together, they built one out of paper and glue. They presented it together at the fair, proud of their hard work.
Trust was having a bad day. She decided to go to the comedy club! The first comedian got on stage. He told the funniest joke. Trudy laughed her pains away.
Rick was watching TV. And he noticed that there was nothing to watch but children's shows. One of the shows he remembered. And he used to watch it when he was a child. Rick enjoyed being reminded of his childhood.
Our treehouse was on the ground. We were afraid of heights so we found a tree with a big hole. We climbed inside and sat there to talk for hours. We played with the little bugs in the dirt. We met there every day for years.
My girlfriend likes reading on the weekends. This weekend she found a new book to read. She found it in a dumpster behind our house. The book was old but seemingly brand new. The book was left there by me.
Steve went to the beach on a hot June day. He went near the water and sat down to play. Steve took out his bucket and shovel and dug. He made a very tall sand castle. Steve dug a deep moat to protect it from the tide.
Stanley was getting ready to go back to school. He could not find his backpack so he looked all through the house. Finally he found his backpack in his sister's room. She had borrowed it to store some of her dolls in! He dumped her dolls out and put his notebooks and pencils inside.
Mary's maid of honor helped Mary put on a white silk gown. Mary's mom clipped a veil into Mary's hair. Mary put a pair of white high heeled shoes on her feet. Mary's mom handed Mary a bouquet of flowers. Mary walked to the entrance of the church to get married.
Everyday she watched the old man across from her on the subway. Everyday, he had his newspaper held up over his face. She watched everyday as he took off his glasses and closed his eyes. He got up and off at the stop before hers, everyday. One day, he wasn't there anymore, everyday.
Sara got a job as a cashier. Her first day went great. But the next morning, Sarah arrived an hour late. Her boss fired her then and there. Sara regretted coming in late.
Brett always got a ride to school from his mom. One morning she was not feeling well. He had to take the bus instead of getting a ride. He was nervous, but made a new friend. Now he enjoys riding the bus to school.
Tom loved his motorcycle. He enjoyed riding the bike often. One day he went to start his bike, and a lot of smoke came out. He took the bike to the mechanic. The mechanic informed him the bike needed an engine rebuild.
The couple looked at their menus in the posh diner. The man flipped through his menu twice in frustration. He could not find anything he liked. His wife suggested that maybe he just have soup. The man closed his menu and agreed to this suggestion.
Everyone was swimming inside of the ocean. Eventually, someone noticed a mini-shark in the water. As soon as he started to run away, everyone else did. They took their belongings and left. I decided to stay since I didn't go in the water.
Today the water was shut off from our kitchen. The bathroom was unaffected, luckily. This afternoon I forgot and put some dishes into the sink. I turned on the water and got brown stuff. I now have two brown dishes.
The Christmas tree was looking bare. Lily found a big, flashy ornament to hang in front. Now the tree was nicely decorated. She took a step back and admired it. The ornament really made the tree look great.
Hallie has two younger brothers that are identical twins. The only people that can tell them apart is her parents. The boys often play tricks on her by switching identities. She now uses a trick to tell them apart by asking about lunch ideas. The one who request a ice cream for lunch is always the twin Brian.
Jenny had never heard the wind blow this strongly before. The windows rattled and the house shook. Jenny pulled her blanket tighter around her, fearing the worst. In the morning, she looked outside, and her fears were confirmed. The old tree near the street had toppled over during the night.
Sarah was going to go outside for a walk. She heard a rumble of thunder, but decided to ignore it. She decided to take an umbrella, just in case. Umbrella in hand, she slipped on her shoes. Just as she opened the door, the torrential rain came out of nowhere.
Tommy likes fishing with his grandpa. He wants to go fishing everyday with his grandpa. His grandpa is excited about fishing too. The grandpa becomes ill weeks before the trip. He makes a speedy recovery and they go fishing as promised.
Jack had a problem with his internet service. It was too slow. So jack called his internet service provider and complained. Then Jack's internet provider visited Jack's house. After five hours work, Jack's service was back to normal.
Joanie worked at a hair salon. Several of her clients loved her work. The clients referred her to their friends. Many people asked for Joanie at the salon. Joanie's appointments were booked for months.
Tom bought a desk from the local department store. He brought into the office where the desk would be. Tom carefully unpacked all the components of the desk. Tom followed the direction step by step to build the desk. Tom was proud that he built a desk by himself!
Naomi's grandmother came to visit her. Her grandmother liked tea. Naomi made muffins and brewed some tea. Her grandmother came, and they sat down for tea. It was an enjoyable visit.
Evelyn works on Mechanical Turk, often for less than $3 an hour. Today Evelyn was excited to find a great batch of jobs on MTurk. Evelyn thought these jobs were easy, fun, and paid well. Evelyn read all of the instructions except the one that no quotations. Evelyn feels like an idiot now.
Last week my basketball game went into overtime. We played better in overtime than we did in regulation. We won the game by almost twenty points. We decided that we would play like it was overtime every game. Our team has been great since that overtime game.
Laura headed downtown early on the 4th to see the parade. She sat under a shady tree, with an ice water in her hand. After the parade, she went to a local vendor to buy a funnel cake. She ate her funnel cake while watching the band play. Later that evening, she enjoyed the band again and watched fireworks.
Bradley decided to ask Tonya to marry him over dinner. He bought her an expensive gold diamond ring. Excitedly, he left work early and headed home. Bradley heard strange noises coming from the bedroom. When he opened the door, his heart sank to floor and so did the ring.
Tycho and Brian received remote control cars for Christmas. Tycho and Brian's friends had received ride on jeeps for Christmas. Brian decided to race their remote control cars against the big jeeps. One of the big jeeps accidentally smashed Tycho's car. Because it was Brian's idea, he gave Tycho his car.
It was nearing the beginning of spring. Sam was excited for the warmer weather. He decided to plant some flowers he bought from the store. He dug holes in his front yard. He carefully placed the flowers in the holes.
Anita was tired from a long day of shopping. She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts. She begged her husband to help her. He didn't want to help her though. Anita begrudgingly went to work wrapping the gifts by herself.
Sadie wanted a new car. She had been saving for a year to buy one. She finally had enough money. She went to the car dealership and found her dream car. She was so excited when she was able to drive her new car off the lot.
Joy never got in trouble at school. She was considered to be the perfect student. After a long week, she fell asleep in class. Instead of asking her if everything was ok, the teacher wrote her up. Joy had never been so embarrassed and luckily got a warning.
Sloane was taking an important test at school. The room was silent. Her pencil broke. The sharpener grated loudly. Everyone in the room gave Sloane dirty looks.
Our neighbor Sally has a three year old, Frank. Frank loves firefighters. She bought him a firefighter outfit. One day we had a fire alarm, and evacuated. Frank came out in his firefighter outfit, and everyone was amused.
Maria walked to the restaurant to pick up her order. On the way to the restaurant, she saw a really cute cat. The cat was orange with blue eyes and a bushy tail. Maria reached down to pet the cat. Then Maria continued walking to the restaurant.
John is 8 years old and was brushing his teeth. Suddenly John realized he was missing a tooth. John checked his mouth in the mirror. Indeed he was missing a tooth. John looked around and found his tooth on his pillow.
Joe worked a lot and rarely had any bonding time with his son. So Joe decided to take his kid to a baseball game on his day off. But  a big storm happened canceling the game. Joe was angry but decided to stay home and watch movies with his son. Despite the inconvenience they still had a good day.
Sam had to pay off his credit card debt. He decided to sell all his unused items on eBay. Sam listed up all his items on the website. He packaged and shipped them one by one. Sam eventually made enough to pay off his credit card debt.
Kendall took a trip to the ocean. He pulled up to the top of a cliff. He sat on the hood of his car as he stared out. This was his favorite place to be alone. He closed his eyes as he listened to the waves.
Tom wanted to write his girlfriend a poem for their anniversary. Tom worked day and night on the poem. He worked on it well at work. Tom finally finished it. He handed it to his girlfriend and she loved it.
Sally was very excited for her blind date. She dressed up very carefully for her date and arrived early. She waited for over an hour, but her date never showed up. Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself. She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up.
Tiffany went to the grocery. She purchased turkey lunch meat among other things. When checking out, the cashier put the meat with bleach. Tiffany was tired and only put away the cold stuff. Later on, she realized that her turkey had spoiled.
Christine wanted to be a homeowner. Christine decided she would build her house. Christine did not know about house building. Therefore Christine hired a contractor. Christine was excited that she would finally be a homeowner.
Renee had allows wanted to visit the Mall of America. Her friend had invited her to go to the mall with her. She was very excited for the experience. As they parked in one of the parking lots Renee was very excited. They spent the day experiencing everything the mall had to offer.
Enid Ellis was 94, and she was very ill. She told a medical student at the hospital she worried about Schmoo. She didn't know who would care for her little cat, if she were to die. The medical student, Mark, said that he would love to adopt Schmoo! Enid Ellis was so grateful and relieved, she passed away that night.
Mavis grew her hair very long. She went to the salon for a haircut. Since her hair was so long she decided to donate it to Locks of Love. The stylist carefully cut her hair. The organization was thrilled with her donation.
Marvin woke up one morning not feeling well. He took his temperature and confirmed that he was sick. He didn't have any medicine so he walked to the pharmacy. He found the medicine he needed and bought it. After taking it, he started feeling better later that day.
Adam was playing ball in his yard. Suddenly his baseball accidentally smashed a window! He was terrified and ran inside. The neighbor came over and spoke to his mom about the incident. Adam was forced to pay for the window himself.
The college had a beautiful field. They painted the endzone with bright paint. The team was pumped to play at the new field. On game day, everyone took photos of the packed stadium. The environment was amazing!
Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep. The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her. She quickly picked up her phone and threw it at the sound. Her phone flew out the window and hit a cat. Brenda went outside to get her phone and bring her cat in.
Andy went out to play. His mom told him he better not get dirty. Andy found a mud puddle. He jumped in the puddle. His mom was very angry.
Marsha met her friends on the beach for a picnic. She handed out cold sodas and sandwiches to everyone. Marsha realized her diamond ring had fallen off. She and her friends dug through the sand around them. Marsha found her ring in the sand by the picnic basket.
Hayley was feeling ill. She was on a boat that was rocking a lot. She tried to focus on her breathing to feel better. She finally couldn't hold it in anymore. Hayley threw up all over her dress.
Sharon wanted to be healthier. She decided to eat more celery. She'd eat it with ranch or peanut butter. Sometimes she would dip it in hummus. Celery was a healthy snack!
Lila lived in the state of Hawaii in the year 2000. She met a man and was dating him for one year when she got pregnant. Their relationship was rocky but she stayed with him for the baby. Until one day he punched her and did so every day for a whole year. She got tired of it and ran away from him and flew away to Australia.
I was thirsty at the mall after eating a huge meal. So I was tempted to buy an iced mocha. But after buying it, I was completely refreshed. And it tasted much better than I thought it was. Next time, I'll order the same thing.
Jenny was on the first leg of her two day trip. After driving only an hour or so, she heard a strange noise. She realized that she had a flat tire, and pulled over safely. She called roadside assistance, who came and put on her spare tire. Within an hour, she was back on the road, feeling relieved.
Kim was looking to buy a new home. She was faced with numerous options. She quickly became overwhelmed by the wealth of choices. She decided to take a break after looking for an hour. Later on, she returned to the search, renewed.
The man found some money. He tried to figure out who owned it. He could not find anyone. He donated the money to charity. The charity improved lives.
Gina needed books on dolphins for a project at school. But all the ones had been checked out of the school library. She decided to go to the public library to check out books At the library she searched for the books she needed. She was upset to find there were none there either.
Jim was practicing mental math. But everyone else in his class preferred using calculators. Jim's teacher suggested that he do the same for the test. But he refused. Jim failed all of the non-arithmetic parts of the test.
Cindy has her checks direct deposited. She tried using her check card only to find it had been blocked. She called the bank. She was told her card had been hacked. Cindy had to order a new card.
Tom was best man at a friend's wedding. He was supposed to make a toast. He tried starting it with a joke. It was really bad and nobody laughed. The rest of his speech was even worse received.
Molly bought her son an educational toy. He really liked it and played with it all week. She wasn't sure if he was learning anything, though. Then, one day he began counting along with the toy. She was really glad she'd bought it for him.
James was stuck in traffic. He was supposed to be at an important meeting. He called his boss and explained. The boss said he didn't believe him. James got fired because of the traffic.
Josh was working as a server at a restaurant. A family sat down and Josh walked over to greet them. He took their orders and brought them to the chefs. As he brought the food to them, he spilled a drink on the mom. Josh freaked out and brought his manager over to handle the mess.
Johnny took keyboard lessons as a child. He hated it, and saw it as useless. One day, his parents said they wanted him to play for a huge party. He was a hit, and jammed all night for the party. He loved playing after that.
Today my brother showed my wife a Craigslist personal. It had very specific details for someone seeking casual sex. Those details made it seem like I had made the listing. My brother later told me he did it to get back at me. Apparently owing him $500 is worth destroying my marriage.
Mary got her first big case as a prosecutor. She was trying a man who was accused of illegal dog fighting. The night before, she was so nervous that she didn't get any sleep. She worried that her lack of sleep would cause her to lose the case. The next day at the trial, she pulled it together and won.
My cat has been acting funny lately. She has been meowing very loudly. She keeps hiding places. We found her under the bed today. She had a litter of kittens.
Jill wanted to get in shape. It had been Years since she had gone on a run. She started running in her neighborhood. She got tired after 2 blocks. Afterwards, she walked back home to rest.
Bob took Ana to the ocean to go swimming. Ana exclaimed the water was dark and cold. Bob agreed but pointed at the stars. Bob and Anna stood in the salty waves, looking up. Filled with such awe, they both forgot how cold the water was.
Andy and I played after school. When it was too cold, we stayed indoors. We built a fort from comforters and chairs. We stretched the comforters over the back of bar stools. We sat underneath and played with our toys.
One day John received a call on his cell phone. It was an automated message for a security company. Annoyed at the interruption he waited to see if they would call again. When they did he answered and scolded the person. After that he didn't get calls from the security company anymore.
Jill was craving a pizza. She put pizza topping on bread and heated it. It tasted like soggy warm bread. Jill ordered pizza delivered. She threw out the soggy bread.
Tammy went home after school. She was disappointed and glum. After all, her parents had forgotten her birthday! But when she walked in, she got shocked. Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise!
Jim and his family lived on a farm. One day Jim sees a huge dark cloud coming towards him. He notices it's a tornado. He and his family go into the shelter. They wait in the shelter as the tornado passes.
Eddie was savvy in business and real estate. During the housing boom, he purchased dozens of properties. He became rich in months, buying cars and expensive things. The housing market, however, crashed. Within months he lost all his new properties, cars and nice things.
My wife bumped into her sister C in the lobby tonight. We live in the same apartment building. C was going out for cigarettes. My wife said she thought C was on Chantix. C said she was stressed over minding her grandson, who is difficult.
The den leader was exhausted. The boys in the Boy Scout troop were a crazy bunch! She couldn't control them! She decided to bribe them with candy. If they sat still for the meeting, she would give them a candy bar.
There was a big clearance at Kirby's favorite store. He headed there first thing in the morning. With his money ready in hand, he bought the best tablet he could find. He paid for it beating everyone at the cash register. And when he got home, he realized it was a lemon.
Alex was writing a paper for school. She copied most of her content straight from the internet. Alex's teacher recognized some of the content. The teacher found several sites with sentences from Alex's paper. Alex received a zero on her paper.
Amelia got ready for her first day at school. She was nervous and excited at the same time. She walked all the way to the school with her dad. She made a new friend right away and forgot she was nervous! Amelia had a great time at school and wanted to return tomorrow!
Jane was looking for new clothes for her spring wardrobe. She didn't have much money, so she decided to go to a thrift store. When she got there it didn't look like they would have anything. She almost gave up but then she found a pretty new dress and shorts. Jane can't wait to go back and find more clothes soon!
Dan and his friends were wrestling. They were wrestling outside in his backyard. Dan decided he wanted to do a super move from top of the house. He climbed on top of the house and jumped down. Dan broke his neck falling on top of his friend.
I've been fretting over telling my boss that I'm planning on quitting. I got a better job offer a few weeks ago so I have to give notice. When I finally talked to my boss about it, he accepted it graciously. I was pleased with myself as I headed to the door of his office. Until I heard him whisper under his breath that it was about time.
Larry was feeling ill. He decided to call in sick to work that day. Larry stayed in bed and watched cartoons all day. His boss came over after work and gave me a homemade dinner. Larry was very appreciative and felt better the next day.
Allie was waiting in line for ice cream. But a woman in front of her was being annoying. The woman was sampling every flavor. Finally the woman decided on chocolate. But Allie wasted a half hour waiting.
Walter broke into the old apartment. He looked around and saw graffiti on the walls. He realized no one had lived there in years. Walter recalled bad memories of his childhood there. He fell down and started crying.
My favorite dress was my Christmas dress. My aunt bought it for me and gave it to me as a gift. I loved to wear it all day long. I put on a pair of white tights. I also wore my black mary janes with it.
We started a box subscription. Every month, we get a box with games and gear in it. We wait excitedly to see what we will get. Several of the items are collectible. We decided we are going to build a shelf for those items.
Lisa regularly went to a restaurant after work and ordered a salad. She thought it was healthy. But she looked at its nutritional information online later on. It had too much fat, sugar, and calories. But the salad was so good that she continued to order it.
I knew he was talking to his ex girlfriend. He said she was still beautiful. I looked her up to see for myself. I thought she was old and ugly. I couldn't tell him that without him thinking I was jealous.
Julie was so sad about her divorce. She needed to get a new start. She got in shape. She redecorated her home. She was finally ready to start over.
Susie loved tie dye. She wanted to try it for herself. She bought a kit. The kit was very good. She was pleased with the result.
Amy was always behind on bills. She paid stuff late. She didn't pay some things at all. She decided to get her act together. She finally is in a good place financially.
The ball season was coming up soon. Tina was nervous because she didn't have a date. She thought she would be the only one going alone. Thankfully a nice guy Pete from class asked her. She was glad to finally be going with someone.
Cory was an average kid. He however had a unique family. His parents were well known celebrities. Cory always had people trying to be his friend. He didn't trust their true intentions because of his parent's fame.
As the trolley we were riding made a turn, we saw something. It was a group of people dressed as zombies. There were cameras all around them. They said they were making a zombie film. My son eagerly ran out to get a picture with the zombies.
A man desired to improve his relationships with others. He started being more friendly and outgoing to people. He soon made many new friends. He saw his social skills improve. He dramatically improved his relationships with others.
Tim got a new rake. He used it in the garden. One day it broke. John helped Tim Fix it. Soon, Tim was back to tending to his garden.
Yesterday my wife reminded me she had bought German bologna. She bought it on Monday. I tried to eat it today. It had started to taste sour. I had to throw the package away.
Will's company needed him in London for two months. Will flew out to London, staying in the city to work. The following Summer, Will returned home. What Will immediately noticed upon his return pleased him. The ladies really liked his new posh English accent!
I found out my cat is pregnant. I had no idea why she was making all these funny noises. She would hide a lot under my bed. A friend told me this behavior was of a pregnant animal. I cannot wait to see the kittens.
John had a doctor's appointment. He took the day off work for it. When he was at the clinic he waited for hours. Eventually they told John the doctor couldn't see him that day. John lost an entire day of work for nothing.
Jessie ran a dog sitting company. She was always very careful not to let them run off and escape. One day however a dog ran out the door while it was open. Jessie ran up and down the street trying to catch it. She eventually caught it and has been extra careful ever since!
John was sitting at home. He suddenly became very thirsty. He left his home to buy a drink. He visited the local convenience store. He bought a refreshing beverage.
Allie was driving only five miles above the limit. All the sudden she got pulled over. When she saw the cop she was awestruck. He was very beautiful. Thankfully he let her go with a warning.
Paula missed her favorite TV show. She called her best friend to see if she had recorded it. As there was no answer she decided to check on the Internet. She had a chance to download it illegally. But she chose to wait for her friend so she wouldn't break the law.
Jessie wanted to go see her favorite band in concert. She didn't have enough money to get a ticket. Jessie sat listening to the radio one night. There was a contest to win tickets. Jessie called in and won tickets to the concert.
Yesterday we went to Disney. I wanted to go on the rides. Unfortunately we were sidetracked by the parade. We then had to wait forever. I was pretty disappointed.
Tim wanted to be cool. He decided to throw a house party. His parents let him do it. It got pretty big and wild. Tim became a lot more popular after.
Sam was in his chemistry class. They were mixing chemicals. He wasn't paying attention. He mixed the incorrectly. Sam started a small fire that had to be put out.
I really like the taste of my grandma's soy milk. But it costs a lot, so she gets mad if anyone else drinks it. I went to sneak a sip from the carton earlier today. But instead, all I tasted was rotten chicken. She had poured expired chicken broth in an old carton.
The man shot a deer. The deer stumbled and fell. The man approached the deer. The deer was still breathing. The man shot the deer again.
Feeling groggy, I got out of bed. Today started my liquid detox. I've been looking forward to healing my insides. Today, just didn't feel like the day to start. Reluctantly, I blended my fruit and greens.
I live in a house with a basement. My older brother tells me there is a monster in it. I do hear strange noises from it pretty regularly. One night I go to investigate cautiously. The noises are coming from the water heater.
Kelsey was performing in her dance recital. She was having trouble keeping track of the beat. Throughout the song she accidentally missed several steps. After the dance was over she felt mortified. Luckily everyone assured her that she had done great.
Marvin played outside on a playground. He climbed up the monkey bars and fell down. Marvin scraped his forehead on a rock. Marvin's dad took him to the emergency room. Marvin got three stitches above his eye.
Tim was downtown with friends. He saw a cute girl walking by. His friends encouraged Tim to talk to her. Tim was too shy and chickened out. His friends made fun of him for it.
Tina was looking for the perfect iPad case. She really needed one that was durable and had a keyboard. Thankfully Amazon had some cheap cases. She went with a black case from shark. When it came in the mail the next day she loved it.
Betty started at the first branch, hoisting herself up. Her long limbs made it easy for her to reach to the next branch. She made her way up higher and higher. People below began to look a bit smaller. Finally, she made it to the top of the tree.
Samantha likes to make costumes. She worked night and day on her costume for a nearby convention. When the day arrived, she wore her costume to the location. Everyone complimented her. It was worth the hard work.
Tim likes baseball. He plays for his high school baseball team. He wants to play catcher but that position is already filled. The current catcher tells Tim he can't have his position. The coach notices Tim has good hands and moves him to catcher.
Tom got a case of pneumonia. He was taken to the hospital. There he was given proper treatment. Tom got better a lot sooner than expected. He was released early.
Steve was making a sandwich. He decided to use butter on it. He dropped the butter. It landed on the floor. He changed his mind and ate the sandwich without butter.
James and a couple friends wanted to climb a large mountain. They trained for a few months by hiking up hills in their city. The day of the mountain climb finally arrived. They hiked all day, sweating as they climbed. At the end of the day, they finally made it to the top!
Joe thought Amy was the cutest girl in his class. He watched her everywhere she went. One day, he worked up the nerve to ask her out. Amy thought Joe was creepy and told him to go die. Joe was crushed.
Stacey just got offered a new job. The pay was great. However the problem was that it was far away. She was sad to move. Yet she realized she made the right decision after all.
I clicked on the radio in my car as I drove home. The radio DJ said the next song would be great. I took the long way home so I could hear it all. I listened to the whole song before I hit my driveway. I parked my car and hummed the new song to myself.
Charles was not a criminal, but his friends were. One evening he saw all his friends graffiti on a bus. Next, three of them jumped in his car. Charles suggested they rob someone. They robbed a guy for his backpack but were caught and sent to jail.
Lyla took out her canvas and paints. She has been feeling a bit of inspiration. Lyla decided to not think about what she was painting. She painted for hours. Her end product was better than she expected.
Daniel had been in jail on drug charges for ten years. When he got out, his first thought was to get more drugs. But then he thought of his family. He went to visit his two children and his estranged wife, who smiled. He decided to stay with them and not get any drugs after all.
A friend invited me to play some Baseball and I happily said yes. As I got there, I didn't know majority of the people there. But that didn't stop me, I was first baseman and was doing great. Halfway through the score was tied, and I managed to score a run. In the end, we managed to win barely 8-7 and we had a blast!
Kim was nervous about middle school. She worried that she wouldn't know anyone. One the first day, she stood on line outside waiting alone. Suddenly, her best friend from elementary school ran up and hugged her. Kim was happy and relieved to see a familiar face.
Kelly's sister was having a baby. Kelly couldn't wait to be an aunt. As soon as the baby was delivered, Kelly went over. Kelly was thrilled to meet the baby. She thought the baby was beautiful.
Jack's dad told him if he lost ten pounds he would buy him a car. Jack worked really hard for a few months leading up to his birthday. With a month left to go, Jack still needed to lose eight pounds. Jack doubled his running routine and lost the eight pounds in a month. Jack's dad bought him a car.
Lily sat at her seat in Chemistry class. She pulled out her book and notebook for class. Her teacher asked for everyone to pass their homework forward. Lily's stomach sank. She forgot there was homework last night.
Today Ian is getting a haircut. He is nervous. Ian gets to watch a movie while he gets his haircut. Ian likes his stylist. Ian looks great with his new haircut.
The man started his generator. He plugged in all of his devices. He turned on the television and the air conditioner. A fuse blew out in the generator. The man sat in the silence without his devices.
Timmy's parents died last year leaving him homeless. He had been taken in by the state but he ran away. Timmy had been living on the streets when Anne met him. Anne was a lonely, rich widow looking for someone to love. After some doing, Anne legally adopted Timmy.
We bought an RV. We were hoping to live in it, but it has too many problems. Instead, we've been spending a lot of time fixing it up. We've replaced the carpet with vinyl and painted! Someday, maybe it will be a lot better.
Shelly was bored with her brown hair. I suggested she should dye her hair. She went to the hairdresser. When she returned her hair was blue. She wants to dye her hair pink now.
Last year, John went to the doctor for his annual checkup. The doctor said John's blood levels were alarming. She advised John to get more healthy in eating and lifestyle. John committed to doing it. This year, John's blood levels were in the normal range!
Anna wanted to be allowed to wear her makeup. But her mom said no - fifteen was too young. She promised that Anna could wear some on her sixteenth birthday. Anna counted down the days until she turned sixteen. Then her mom took her shopping for eye shadow and lip gloss!
The kid asked for a few big things for Christmas. A new computer was at the top of his list. When he opened his presents, he hoped he would see a computer waiting. It was in the last package he opened! The kid was so excited to play with it.
I got a job working in an office. I was overwhelmed with work. I didn't even have time to pick up the phone. I decided to hire an assistant. After that I had time to do all of my work.
It was a really cold day. So Kim made some tea. She was impatient and drank it right away. And she burnt her tongue. Unfortunately, she was still cold too.
Edgar loved his family's mastiffs, but he wished for a horse. He even wrote to Santa Claus asking for a horse ride for Christmas! Edgar's dad had an idea for making that wish come true. On Christmas morning he set little Edgar on the largest dog. The dog let Edgar ride him just like a real horse!
Rachel had just been really sick. She had several antibiotics that she needed to take. She was having a hard time remembering to take them though. Her husband offered to help her keep on top of them. With his help, she kept on track and got healthy.
Carl's favorite authors new book came out today. So Carl went to the bookstore to buy the book. The line in the bookstore was long. Carl was irritated from the long line. Carl finally got the book and read it when he went home.
It was a Thursday afternoon and Tina was playing with friends. The girls were hanging down by the beach when Tina realized something. She realized her favorite necklace was gone. Frantic, Tina raced around the beach looking for it. Finally she found it in her bag.
I went to a concert last night with some friends. I had lots of fun. The music was extremely loud though. My ears were ringing all day today at work. Next time I'll have to bring earplugs.
Pam was walking down the street. It was the summer and she was very hot. She saw some kids selling lemonade. She went up to their stand and bought some. Pam was very excited and after she drank it, she cooled off.
2 year old Jon was at his foster parents' home when he got a call. His caseworker had found him a new mom. He went to a playground to meet her. Over the next few months, he spent time with his new mom. He cried when she was finally able to adopt him.
Frank got to work and pressed the power button on his computer. He was confused when it didn't come on. He tried the button again. He called IT to come look at it. He felt dumb when it was pointed out that it had come unplugged.
Gary's cousin convinced him to take tennis lessons. Gary searched for a class being taught nearby. He went out and bought a racket. He showed up for his first lesson. To his surprise, Gary's instructor was his cousin.
I love hot food. I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner. I ordered a spicy tuna roll, extra hot. The chef's just laughed at me when they hand me my roll. I now have blisters on my tongue and a nuclear war zone in my stomach.
I went hiking yesterday in the mountains. As I trekked up the mountain, I started to feel out of breath. I could not believe how I felt. I had to take a long pause. Thankfully after a while I was able to keep going.
Dennis taped a trash bag over his broken window. The trash bag blew off in the wind. Rain got in through the broken window. The carpet grew mildew. Dennis had to replace the carpet.
The man greeted customers at the entrance. Some of the customers just ignored him. He wanted all of the customers to acknowledge him. He bought a funny outfit to wear while he greeted. The outfit did not make the customers pay more attention to him.
Jill tried to heat some leftovers. The microwave made a loud bang. Jill smelled smoking coming out of it. She unplugged it and tossed it out. Jill wound up replacing it with a better one.
Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery. She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration. Her inspiration came when she saw an image of a lonely tiger. She painted an image of a tiger's face. Her painting was well received by her peers.
Kirk wanted to throw a party for all of his high school friends. He decided to throw a party when his parents went out of town. Kirk's parents came home early. His parents joined the party and drank too much. Kirk's parents were inappropriate.
The grocery store was out of Gina's brand of water. She needed to go to another store. She drove past the expensive store to find a more affordable one. She pulled into the parking lot at the economy store. It was out of the way, but she was happy to save some money.
When I was young I had a hard time learning to ride a bike. I could not figure out how to balance myself. So my parents bought me some training wheels. After a few months of biking on training wheels I figured it out. Now I can ride my bike just fine.
Jane lost a pair of earrings. She looked around for awhile with no luck. She eventually asked a roommate for help. The roommate told Jane she was wearing them. Jane felt like an idiot.
Tom hadn't seen his family in a while. He decided to surprise them for the holidays. He bought a plane ticket and dropped in. His family was excited to see him. Tom had a great time with them.
Jim got a new deep fryer. He bought frozen french fries from the grocery store. He added oil to his deep fryer. Afterwards he put his fries in the fryer. After 5 minutes the fries turned out really crispy and tasty!
The old man like to tend to his garden. He went outside and plowed a small patch of grass for his new crop. He planted seeds for lettuce, peppers, and cucumbers. He watered the plants every day. After a few weeks, he had fresh produce.
Tom bought a new 4x4 truck. He was excited to go off roading. On his first expedition he went too hard. Tom wound up breaking the truck's axle. He had to be towed back home.
Mark was at work. He had just started and his co-workers weren't very welcoming. One night there teasing became particularly harsh. Mark was so upset that yelled at them. After he yelled, he stormed out of the store and quit the job.
Kelly wanted to be an astronaut his entire life. Each year Kelly would attend space camp sponsored by NASA. Kelly went to college to major is space studies. Kelly received an offer for an internship at NASA after college. This was Kelly's foot in the door to becoming an astronaut!
Rick played video games for over 15 Year's. However, he was starting to get bored of them. He decided to a pick up a game called Halo 5. He didn't think too much about it. However, Halo 5 ended up being his favorite game.
Amanda decided to cook dinner for her family. She worked all day in the kitchen. She called her family to come to dinner. They ate the dinner prepared by Amanda. Everyone complimented Amanda on her cooking skills.
I bought a new pool for the kids. It was just a small blow up one. It was the perfect size for them. We filled it all the way up. The kids played for hours.
Wendy had been invited to a sleepover, but she was nervous. She was lactose intolerant and feared being caught and mocked. But the morning after the sleepover, she got a surprise. Her friend's mom told the girls they were a vegan family. All they had for cereal was soy milk, which Wendy loved!
Cayla really enjoyed the movie Finding Nemo. She begged her parents for a fish. They promised to get her one if she cleaned her room. She detailed her whole room in one day. They drove to the pet store and bought her a fish as promised.
Charles broke his leg three weeks ago. His wife thought he was too cranky and she wanted a break. She called Charles' mother and convinced her to come over. Charles' wife said she was leaving and his mother could take over. Charles sent his mother packing the following morning.
Roni likes to spend a lot of money. She has spent so much that she was forced to file for bankruptcy. During our last conversation she asked me for money advice. I told her I'm debt free from the methods read in Dave Ramsey's book. Now she wants to read the book so we went to the store and bought it.
Peanut Larry went to church. He couldn't read, but he liked the sermons. Troubled by his illiteracy, he began to take lessons to read. However, his teacher was Norwegian. Peanut Larry wept as he could only read Norwegian.
Heather's son was diagnosed with a rare genetic illness. Her son's doctors referred him to a doctor out in Boston. The doctor out in Boston specializes in her son's rare illness. The insurance company denied the claim at first. Finally after fighting with the insurance, the claim was approved.
Today Susie went to the grocery store. She saw some salt and vinegar almonds. When she went home she ate the whole can. All the sudden her mouth hurt. Susie then decided she would never eat them again.
Keith got dumped by his girlfriend. Keith was a country music singer. He thought he would get back at her. He wrote a song about her and it became a hit. Every time she hears the song she thinks of Keith.
Our cat Tibby likes to sleep on our bed at night. She sleeps in the corner. She is big, and makes it hard for one of us to stretch out. My wife put pillows in the corners, forcing Tibby into the middle. Now we can all sleep better.
Once, there was a very ugly caterpillar. Some people found it and decided it should be destroyed. The caterpillar was thrown into the sea. Fortunately, the caterpillar could swim. The caterpillar was alive, but it was still ugly.
Susie bought some new headphones. She had loved them. Susie took them everywhere. Finally they broke. She had to buy some more.
Bridget loved her bedroom. She just needed a new bed. She found the perfect one at an antique store. It was made of iron. Bridget bought the old piece and brought it home.
Eloise was determined to make it to one hundred years of age. She was in her early nineties. She carefully managed her health and took everything very easily. One time she slipped and broke one of her legs. From then on, and through the recovery, she was only more cautious.
I was waiting in line at the bank. The line was long and moving very slowly, so I left. I went to the grocery store instead. The line there was even longer so I left and went back to the bank. By the time I got to the bank the second time, the bank had closed.
Valerie liked to dance. She was looking for a new dance to do. She wanted to show off to her friends a new dance she found online. There was even a song that went with it back in the day. She showed everyone her new dance called Achy Breaky Heart.
Our friend Cathy let her license expire in 1996. She had forgotten to renew it. The Registry made her take another road test. She was 53 and looked old enough to be the inspector's mom. The inspector just had her drive around the building once.
Jon was in his high school wrestling team. A bad skin infection spread among them. It severely injured several wrestlers. Jon had to be hospitalized for a few days. He wasn't allowed to wrestle again.
Molly was at the zoo with her parents. She really wanted to see the penguins before they left. The exhibit was about to close! Her and her parents ran across the zoo in a hurry. Luckily, they made it to them in time.
Anita went to visit her big sister, Darlene. Darlene had just had a baby. Darlene asked Anita to change the baby's dirty diaper. Annita was disgusted when she changed the baby's diaper. Anita decided to never have children.
There was a concert last week near my work. I do not know who was playing. The traffic getting to and from work was ridiculous. It took me almost 2 hours to get home. I was so stressed out it took me so long.
Tayla wanted to go to the casino on the weekend. She learned blackjack strategies in preparation. She spent two hours on the same table. She managed to make quadruple her initial earnings. But she was banned from that casino.
Irina wanted to enjoy the outdoors. She went to the park and took a long walk. An hour later, she was exhausted. It had been great to spend the day enjoying nature. Irina decided to come back the next day as well.
January 16th is our engagement anniversary. My wife thought people celebrated that event. I sent flowers and a cake to her work. I also bought her a pendant watch. She enjoyed the gifts.
Tina bought some shares of a company yesterday. She hoped she could make some money. But unfortunately the stock ended up dropping. The entire market was crashing. Tina ended up losing a lot of money.
Brad went climbing in the tree. He thought it would be fun to do so. Unfortunately he fell out of the tree. Brad's arm was broken. He had to be rushed to the hospital.
The man ate peanuts from a community bowl. His fingers got salty. He licked his fingers clean. He put his wet fingers back in the bowl. His friends got mad.
Tessa had been diagnosed with strep throat. She was supposed to take all of her antibiotics. She did at first, but forgot the last few. Because of that, her strep throat ended up coming back. She had to get a whole new set of pills.
Zane wanted to go cow-tipping with his friends. He got them all up for it and they went out to a field. When it was time to tip a cow, they got confused. They soon realized that tipping the cow seemed impossible. They went home concluding that it is fake.
Jane smelled something in her car. She wasn't sure what it was. She looked everywhere in it. Then she finally looked in her dance bag. It was her practice clothes.
The kids were violently knocking on a door. The door opened however, no one was inside. The kids were hesitant to walk inside, but they tip-toed in. The door immediately closed when they were inside. A man in a ghost costume scared them.
Rene has always hated her teeth. She went to the dentist to see what could be done. The dentist suggested a whole mouth of fake teeth. Rene loved this idea and they got started. Three hours later she left the office with a new smile.
I found a frog on the edge of a pond today. I thought for a second, that I'd take it home. But then I realized I'd have no place to keep it. I thought that maybe he wanted to stay here after all. I said goodbye, and went on my way.
Bart was stung by a brown recluse. He was rushed to the hospital. The doctor did not know what to do. With each passing day, Bart's flesh was deteriorating. Eventually, Bart died because of the doctor's incompetence.
The girl signed up for summer school. She skipped a lot of classes. She decided to enjoy her summer. She dropped all of her classes. She laid by the pool all summer long.
Nelson played lead guitar. He wanted to start a metal band. He found another guitar player, but he couldn't find a bass player. Nelson decided to play bass instead of lead guitar. His band was now complete, and they started to book shows.
John's kids hated coming inside to eat lunch. He thought they would like a picnic table so they could eat outside John bought the lumber and screws to build them a special table. His drill was out of batteries! John used a hammer and nails instead, and the kids loved eating out.
Tim was ready for his birthday. He wanted new name brand shoes. On his birthday his mother bought his store brand shoes. He sadly considered them fake shoes. However he changed his mind when he realized his life could be worse.
Janice was feeding the snakes at the pet store. One of the snakes got loose in the store. Many customers were frightened. The snake crawled into the mice cage. The snake ate two mice.
We decided to go camping last weekend. We went home after work and got all of our things together. We set out for a mountain that was close to our city. Once we got there, the weather was perfect. A great time was had by all!
Kate had a space heater. But it smelled of chemical fumes when she used it. One night it was 20 degrees below zero outside. So she decided to use the space heater overnight. The next morning she woke up with a very bad headache.
In 1997, one of my coworkers was told she was laid off. Her boss brought her into his office and told her. She refused to believe and went back to her cubicle. She made some phone calls and the layoff was reversed. I was not amazed, as we work in a government agency.
Jon broke a nail and panicked. He had a concert that night and needed a new nail. He rushed to the pharmacy to buy fake nails. He applied one and tried it with his guitar. It wasn't a good fit but it would have to do.
Evan wanted to be a published writer. He submitted a short story to a magazine. Then he eagerly waited to hear back from them. He was sure they'd politely declined to publish him. But their reply letter said that they had decided to print his story!
Brad checked his email multiple times a day. He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview. He refreshed his email over and over. He kept looking at his inbox hoping the email would appear. He finally heard back and he didn't get the job.
I accidentally broke a window in my house. My dad decided to ground me. I sat in my room all day crying. Suddenly, I had an idea. I would simply draw all day until I was no longer grounded.
Ally was looking for a new home. While patrolling a neighborhood, one of the residents ran out her home. The homeowner asked Ally to check out her home. Ally agreed to take a look. Ally loved the home and offered to buy it.
I've heard people say you see rainbows after people die. My friend died a few months ago. After his funeral I saw rainbows 3 times in one week. That is not normal for Michigan. I wonder if it was a sign from my friend.
Wren fell hard for Garth, a student in her creative writing workshop. They began to meet to celebrate their passion. Wren reminded Garth, budding psychologist, of his own mother. Garth suggested Wren wanted to bed her own son, as he did his mother. Wren slapped Garth's smug face before stabbing him with a ballpoint.
Robby was late to his doctor's appointment. He got into his car 5 minutes before his appointment time. Robby decided to take a shortcut. He ended up getting lost. Robby never made it to his appointment.
Allie was feeling hot. She tried putting on the air conditioning. Unfortunately it was not working. Allie was kind of bummed about it. She really wanted it to work.
We had to install mailbox for new house. We started with the sledgehammer. But the ground was all rock underneath. So we needed to keep hammering it through the rock. It eventually got in but it took forever.
I bought a new mower last summer. I wasn't sure at first how to run the mower. I took the mower for a test drive. I was not used to the way it turned. I eventually got the hang of it.
Hall was always good at football. His coaches always told him that he was going places. One day, he was injured from playing. The doctors said he would never play again. He worked hard, and was able to play for the NFL.
The traffic was congested across an entire mile. Several cars were trying to cross each other. In addition, several people were arguing at each other. A car ran into the side rear of my car. The police officers couldn't reach me since the road was congested.
Marla spent a weekend canning pickles from her garden. She lined up the jars on a shelf and admired her work. Marla called her mom to come by and get a jar. As she went to the shelf, the mom spotted a worm in one of the jars. Seeing her daughter so proud, she grabbed that jar and thanked Marla.
Lance was angry at losing the game. He took his phone and threw it at the wall. It broke on impact. The screen was destroyed. Now Lance was angry about that too.
Barbara is in the market to buy a house. She has a few houses in mind already and needs to make a decision. Her realtor was a bit pushy in getting her to buy one of the houses. Barbra did not like all of the pressure and did not choose a house. Barbra has decided she will not use this realtor ever again.
There was a big storm that hit the coast. Tom had a boat. The location he had it at was badly affected. Tom's boat disappeared. He never found it again.
Charles only likes public speaking when he knows what to say. It takes him too long to memorize speeches. He tried, however, not to panic when he was assigned a speech. He wrote a magnificent speech and practiced it. In front of the class, however, he was so nervous he looked stupid.
Sasha was sleeping one night. She woke up and the bed was wet everywhere. She turned the light on to see what it was. Sasha learns she peed the bed. Sasha is embarrassed at herself and washes her sheets.
John was a peanut farmer. He had a one thousand acre peanut ranch. This year the weather was great and John had a good crop. He took his crop to the elevator and got paid a lot of money. He spent his money on a new tractor.
Karla took care of eight children in her daycare. She had too many little ones to go on a walk with her double stroller. She began looking for a stroller that would hold lots of kids. She found a stroller online that could hold up to four little ones. She purchased the stroller and is able to go on walks.
Kelly got an amazing night sleep. She dreamed she was on a nice island relaxing. Yet to her dismay something terrible woke her up. She realized it was her alarm. She shut it off and went back to snooze.
Nina had a problem with cocaine. She tried to quit on her own, but failed. Then she decided to go to meetings. The meetings helped her to identify her triggers. Nina was able to quit cocaine thanks to the meetings.
Cheryl hurriedly pulled on her costume, late because of her chores. The only house whose porchlight was on belonged to the creepy lady. Cheryl shook like a leaf as she rang the doorbell. The creepy lady screamed at her costume and dropped all the candy! Cheryl picked up the candy and filled her bag to the brim.
We went to Disneyland and had a blast. We rode all of our favorite rides at California Adventure in one day. Saw all our favorite shows at Disneyland. We didn't quite do everything we wanted. But we are all happy and exhausted now.
Pablo was feeling very sad lately. He wanted to see some family but wasn't really sure who to visit. He wasn't on the best of terms with his family anymore. He finally decided on his father, who lived far away. When Pablo visited his father he felt much better!
Crosby's boss was decided to give out raises. She wasn't sure who to give a raise to, so she started evaluating. She decided on the person that always picks up shifts. Crosby wasn't happy that she didn't get the raise. She wasn't sure if she wanted to continue working there so she quit.
Richard's parents bought him an apple tree. Richard happily planted it in his backyard. Richard took very good care of the tree. He couldn't wait for his first harvest. His first bite into an apple resulted in half of a worm in his mouth.
I work as a dentist. I have to examine people's teeth all the time. One client came in with the nastiest teeth ever. I sarcastically ask how many times you floss your teeth. He replies never which didn't shock me at all.
Kelly had never been to six flags before. Her best friend invited her to join. The two went last Saturday. The girls went on numerous rides. The trip was great.
Today me and my wife were supposed to go to Italy for five days. Except we were turned away at the airport before we could leave. The woman at the counter refused my passport. She says because it only has a month left on it. The trip we were supposed to take was only five days.
Clayton Kershaw is the ace of the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team. He has been out for over two months with an injury. He suffered a herniated disk and hasn't played since late June. Tonight, Kershaw returns. He will pitch at home against the Miami Marlins.
My 98 year old friend Joe was downstairs this afternoon. His daughter was taking him to see a doctor. I kept Joe company while he waited. Joe told me he was going to check out his heart. I said good luck to Joe as his daughter picked him up a minute later.
Callie was a singer. She loved to sing every single day. One day, she saw a flyer for a singing competition. She decided to enter. However, she did not qualify to place in the competition.
My wife and son and I went to dinner last night. An Asian couple sat next to us. I am Chinese and my wife is Caucasian. The Asian couple ordered tea and hot water instead of drinks. We were amused.
Mark was a horrible child who was always whining. When he didn't get his way, he would scream and throw a fit. One day, Mark got in trouble at school and threw the biggest fit. He screamed and cried and held his breath. All the other boys and girls saw him act like that and didn't like him
Tanya wanted to cook cheese burgers for dinner. She drove to her local supermarket to purchase the ingredients. As she shopped around she realized that she actually wanted hot dogs. Tanya purchased ingredients to make hot dogs for dinner. She cooked the hot dogs and enjoyed the meal.
The man licked his finger. It tasted like fried chicken. He decided to have another piece. That was his third piece at lunch. He felt sick.
Two year old Todd was taking a shower by himself. He was very good at being careful and liked the time. Today he was being too hasty. He stood up quickly, causing himself to fall hard. His mom scooped him up and promised no more showers by himself.
One day Mary decided to take a bubble bath in her new apartment. It was very relaxing for her to use her new bubble bath. Afterwards, she went downstairs to make a smoothie. When she got into the kitchen, she saw water all over the floor! A pipe had busted leaving a gaping hole in her ceiling.
My husband and I were married on a Sunday afternoon. Our wedding was supposed to be in the park but it began raining. The only other venue that was available was a bar. We moved the flowers and chairs onto the bar's dance floor. It was a fun wedding, and we got to dance with our friends.
Libby hates cooking in her kitchen, and she is very bad at it. But she decides she needs to cook at home more to save some money. She makes a list, does the shopping, then comes home to put them away. By the time she is done, she is exhausted and doesn't want to cook. Libby decides she will eat better tomorrow, and goes out for a burger.
Tara was from a country on the equator. She had never felt a temperature of less than 70 degrees. She had her first trip outside of the country. She went to Canada. You can bet the first thing she did there was buy a sweater.
I took my daughter and her friend to see The Messiah. The Handel and Haydn Society performed. It was very long. My daughter's friend fell asleep. She woke up to enjoy the final section.
The Parker family was getting ready for the big move. It was bittersweet as they'd lived here their whole life. John had gotten a new job though, and they had to move. Everyone felt the same, but knew it would be a good opportunity. The move was seamless and John loved his new job.
Ralph was loved by his children at school. He was a very special teacher to the kids. Ralph seemed like a normal man. One day at school Ralph is called to the principal's office. Ralph was notified he was being arrested for child porn charges.
Kim could not visit Joe for his birthday. Online she ordered a delivery that will deliver a cake and balloons. He got them in the afternoon. He was so glad. He called his sister to thank her.
Ryder needed to go outside. His owner opened the door for him. Ryder played outside. He came back in smelling like a dead animal. Ryder had to get a bath.
My next door neighbor used to raise beagles. Every few months there would be a new litter of puppies to play with. He would let me name them even. The new owners were always happy to have well-socialized pups. They were the best neighbors an animal-loving kid could ask for.
Ed bought a fried chicken breast. He ate it very slowly. The juice dripped down his chin. He wiped it up with a cloth. He shoved the cloth into the trash.
Logan loves to play games. One rainy day, Logan asked his friend to come over to play. His friend preferred to watch movies instead of playing games. They decided to play a game and then watch a movie. When the rainy stopped, they happily went outside.
My son is going to turn thirteen. I asked him what he wanted for his birthday. He only said he wanted to go to the zoo. I decided I would take him to the zoo and buy him a tv. I will put the tv in his room to go with his xbox.
Lorraine has always wanted to learn how to play chess. She asks her older brother Fred to teach her how to play. Fred teaches Lorraine all the rules of chess. Afterwards, Lorraine and Fred play a game of chess. Although she loses her first game, Lorraine is happy she can play.
Jenny was a primary school teacher. She loved her job because the kids were always so funny. One of the kids, David, drew Jenny a picture. The picture was of Jenny riding a cow. The reason it was funny was because David drew the udders on her.
Adam was walking in the woods. He heard the sharp snap of a twig somewhere behind him. Adam was very worried about what had caused the sound. Quickly Adam turned around to find out. Adam discovered it was only a rabbit and breathed a sigh of relief.
My aunt took a family portrait of everyone at the party. I stumbled a little bit after standing for too long in the photo. I took a look at the photo after it was processed. While everyone looked nice, I had a weird frown on my face. I didn't bother to ask for a copy and ended up walking away.
William loved all kinds of monkeys. He loved chimpanzees the most. One day, he decided he would see one in real life. After many months, he had enough money. William traveled to the forest and was able to see a chimpanzee.
Karen had an ugly pair of shoes. She wore them all the time. Everyone made fun of her for it. Karen's friends offered to buy her other pairs. Karen liked them because they were comfortable.
Donnie is riding his bike. He starts racing with one of his friends. Donnie pedals as fast as he can. As Donnie was about to win the race he fell off his bike. Donnie broke his arm racing his friend.
Barbara was cooking dinner for her husband. He came home and lit a cigarette and got out the newspaper. Barbara set the food down in front of him. He didn't even thank her. Barbara decided she was going to get a job outside of the house.
Henry bought a huge bag of grapes. He wondered how he would eat them all. He decided he would juice them instead. He shared his juice with his wife. He went and bought more grapes.
Sam was a hard working father of 6. One day his Son asked him for a little help with rent. He called sam numerous times. He even messaged him on facebook. Sam just ignored his son cries for help.
Kelly and her friend Lucy were having an argument. It was over ice cream places that were best tasting. Kelly thought she was winning. Yet Lucy thought that she herself was winning. Finally their friend Tina intervened and won.
Fred exercised a lot and was a very healthy person. He enjoyed running every evening. One evening, he felt a little off but went running anyway. Half way through his run, he collapsed. He had a burst embolism and almost died.
In today's class, the teacher asked the kids to share their dreams. Little Suzy told the class she dreamt she grew up to be an astronaut. Tubby round Gordon said he dreamt of all the cake in the world. Tom told the class he dreamt he shot them all and defiled the corpses. The teacher broke the silence with a polite cough and moved on to Ana.
Tommy poured gas into a balloon and inflated it with helium. He wanted his friend to video him as he put a lit match to it. Tommy's friend thought that was a very stupid idea. Not listening, Tommy struck a match and held it to the balloon. Engulfed in flames, Tommy fell to the ground.
Jan thought her skirt was the right length. She got to school and was told to go to the office. The principal said her skirt was too short. Jan was told to go home and change or get detention. Jan decided to go home and change.
Joe hated all the cars that drove by his house. He went to the shed and got out his ax. He found a large tree by the side of the road. He chopped away at the trunk. The tree fell and blocked the road.
Cersei was sweating profusely for the big test. Everyone around her looked super nervous, and that didn't help her. She took her pencil and prepared for the test. It took nearly the entire period for her to finish. The next day, she looked at her results and saw that she did well!
My wife's niece visited us in 1995. She smoked cigarettes. She had a lit cigarette and walked by my six year old son. An ash dropped and burned his hand. I was not happy.
We were making crafts for our history class. Most of the kids made pyramids. My choice was the inside of a tomb. I made a mummy in a golden casket. I filled it with jewels made from plastic.
I was cleaning out my garage. Behind a pot, a snake was waiting. I found it and screamed for my husband. He came running with a shovel. He killed the snake!
Shaun was a conman. He ran into an older woman at the grocery store. He convinced her that he was her grandson. The woman ended up giving Shaun a thousand dollars. Shaun was arrested and went to jail.
Sue was going to cook lasagna. She had never done it before. She bought all the ingredients. She followed the recipe. It turned out perfectly!
Courtney had always wanted a hedgehog. She constantly would look up pictures of them. Her husband knew that she would never buy one for herself. He secretly bought one for her. Courtney was so surprised when she got her new pet.
Ted's grass was a mess. It was very long in patches and short in others. He hired a kid to come mow it. The kid spent hours but finally the yard looked nice. Ted gave him a big tip.
I woke up feeling terrible. It felt like I was punched in the stomach. I could barely stand or walk. I went to the emergency room. By the time they saw me the pain was gone.
Todd loved to make pizza and eat it too. One day he ran out of toppings. It was late and all the store were closed. All he had in the pantry was corn flakes and soup. His creative corn flake pizza was not a hit with the family.
She woke up in tears. She was having terrible nightmares. In the most recent, her son had been severely hurt. She jumped up and went to his room. She climbed in bed next to him, thankful he was ok.
Working late hours was normal for Tom. Anytime the office was open he was at work. Tom began having children with his wife. As his kids grew they complained about his work schedule. Tom had to learn to cut back on his hours to spend time with his kids.
Jane was a long distance runner. But every time she ran, she felt abdominal pain. Her doctor was unable to help the issue. And years later, the problem never went away. Jane had no choice but to quit intense running.
Finals week was the most stressful week of school. I was really concerned about taking my math final. I knew it would be tough so I studied extra hard. The test was very difficult and feared I had not performed well. A week later we got our grades and I scored an A on the math final.
Bill walked into the bowling alley making thunder noises. He was trying to intimidate his opponents. They did not seem to notice him. This caused Bill to make even louder noises at them. They turned their head at bill and just smirked.
Abby recently moved to a new neighborhood. Abby decided to explore her neighborhood for a place to eat. Abby found a local pizzeria that was anything but normal. Abby ordered a slice of pizza, and got a gigantic slice! Abby was loving the pizzeria that she choose for dinner.
Eddie was singing a song. As he crossed the road, he didn't hear the truck come. He kept singing when the truck stopped inches from his face. The truck driver yelled at him. Eddie shrugged as he resumed his song.
Sarah and Bill played a game of tennis today. They were both very good tennis players. They hit the ball back and forth. Sarah aced the winning serve. They played a very good game.
Chelsea is competing in a race. She is running as fast as she can. She passes by all the other racers. Chelsea takes the lead and never looks back. Chelsea wins the race.
John was sitting at his desk. He was eating gummy bears. His friend Jim came over. Jim took all of John's gummy bears. John went to the vending machine and bought some more.
The family took the Christmas tree and lights out of storage. The father tested the lights. Three of the strands were burned out. The mother went to the store and bought more lights. The family was finally able to decorate the Christmas tree.
Jess was walking to school one autumn. As she walked gusts of wind hit her back. Suddenly one large gust threw her hair around. She tried combing it but it still looked fairly silly. It took a fresh wash to finally fix her hair for good.
David went to china with his girlfriend. They went to beijing first. They tried to climb the great wall. David's girlfriend wanted to stop after 20 minutes in. They ended up leaving.
Aya was waiting to get through US Customs after a trip to Colombia. There, she had visited her mom and sister. Suddenly 2 women in police outfits pulled her out of the Customs line! They told Aya she'd been chosen for random X-ray screening. Aya was terrified, and hurried to ask for a Spanish interpreter!
Joe was outside playing some football. He was calling for the ball. Joe gets the ball passed to him. Joe reaches for the ball and misses. He lands on his hand and breaks it.
Bella came to school with an unexpected present on her desk. To her surprise, she was given a bouquet of beautiful flowers. Bella took a look at the note and it said "Secret Admirer". She took a sniff of the flowers as they smelled wonderful. As she looked across the room, her crush was looking right at her.
Maria loved to do jumping ropes after school. She always got entangled in them but didn't mind. Her friend Sophie on the other hand was exasperated. She told her to get her act together and jump better. Maria only wanted to have fun and played with someone else.
Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare. He checked his pockets again but only found a penny. Discouraged, he headed to a bench and sat down. He looked down and saw a quarter on the ground! He felt lucky as he headed to the bus stop.
Greg was the top runner on his team and always won. One day his friends asked him to come to a Mexican restaurant. Even though Greg had a big race that day, he decided to go. Greg ended up feeling very sick during the race and got 4th place! Greg was humbled as he realized that winning was not guaranteed.
Bob bought Chinese food from a restaurant near his house. He realized that he got too much change when he got home. He drove back to the restaurant. He handed the extra amount to the cashier. As a compliment, he received a coupon for a free meal next time.
Emily hadn't been on a vacation in over ten years. She finally had a good job, so she decided to save her money. After two years of saving, she had enough money to go somewhere great. She booked a trip to Costa Rica, paying for it with her savings. She had an amazing time in Costa Rica.
Bob had always wanted to be a farmer. When he was 18, he moved to Nebraska. He got a loan from the bank to buy some land. After several weeks, he realized he hated growing crops. Bob turned tail and headed home from Nebraska.
Kim was 18 years old. She was an honor roll student and would be graduating high school. For her accomplishment, she would get a good graduation gift. Her parents spent over 20 thousand on her gift. They bought Kim a new car and Kim was very surprised.
Bertrand really loved old hotels. He had chosen this one to stay at tonight. It was a quaint old hotel. He arrived and unpacked his things. Bertrand really enjoyed the old hotel that night.
I learned how to play the flute in college. It was my favorite instrument to play. I was so good at it that all my friends were amazed. They would ask me to play for them all the time. I eventually turned that into my career.
I came home late this evening and my wife was scared. I asked her what was wrong and she replied is a quiet voice. I heard something outside, when I looked, I didn't see anything. She said, I think someone is stalking the house. I looked again and saw a raccoon in the trash, we both laughed.
Laurence drank a guinness. He loved the taste of it. He bought another. The owner told him that was too many. Laurence stumbled out of the bar drunk.
It was Kerri's first day of school. Her mother was waking her up to get ready. Kerri kept falling back asleep. Kerri's mother finally pulled her out of bed. She finally got up and started to get dressed.
Tim loved his parents. They would always read to him before he slept. Tim would stay up later than he should because of it. Eventually his parents started reading to him earlier. Tim got more reading and sleep.
It had all come down to this. Ken was on the last hole of the course. The ball was 10 feet from the cup and he needed the putt to win. He set up and practiced his swing. He hit the putt and sunk it!
Lori thinks her husband has been drinking too much. He has been going golfing with his friends and comes home drunk. He goes out to the bars at least two nights a week. He also drinks while he is at home. Lori confronts him and he gets very angry and defensive.
Bill worked in a warehouse. Bill was a great worker. He performed better than his coworkers. Bill's manager noticed his excellent performance. Bill received a promotion and a pay raise.
Nate decided to go to his grandmother's house. She told him to get something to eat since she prepared dinner. He ate and then relaxed for a few minutes to talk to his grandmother. Afterwards, he left to go to work. His grandmother gave him $20 to use for anything he wants.
We had a litter of puppies last week. There are five cute puppies. We call the small one Tiny. We named the biggest one Fatty. The puppies eyes are starting to open today.
Terry had an old truck that he loved. One day he went to crank it up and it was dead. He went to the dealership because he needed a new truck. He test drove a few of the trucks and decided on the one he wanted. Terry drove off in a new fiery red truck.
Sarah had just turned 12. Because of this, she started to notice changes in her body. The change that was the most irritating was the acne on her face. She went to the doctor for the acne. The doctor assured her it was normal and gave her some acne medicine.
Josh made a tuna fish sandwich. He had to run upstairs so laid it on the table. When he came back, it was gone. He looked around and couldn't find it. Then he noticed, the cat was finishing it.
Lisa was at work. A co-worker walked up to her and made a weird remark. She was really uncomfortable. She reported the co-worker to her boss. He was let go for being so creepy.
Two friends were having an argument about proper grammar in speech. They couldn't settle the debate after hours of discussion. They decided to ask an expert to settle it. The friends ask their English professor for his advice. The professor told them that they were both wrong in the matter.
Joe was miserable. He wished he were a powerful king. However he was only a custodian. Joe had an idea. He would hide in the closet and pretend it was his kingdom.
Lisa was trying to lose weight. But her class was having a giant party. Lisa took pictures of all of the junk food and posted it on Facebook. And she complained about how silly the party was. Despite her complaints, she ended up avoiding the junk food.
A new restaurant had opened in town. Mike wrote a review of it for the paper. He ripped apart the service and the food. The restaurant owner was furious! Business was down because of the poor review.
Timmy was told many times not to play ball in the house. Today he didn't listen and played with his basketball inside. The ball hit his mom's favorite vase. His mom found out and wanted to know who broke it. Since no one would admit it, the family vacation was cancelled.
While at the vet, they talked about heartworms. They gave the dog a test. She was negative for heartworms. They gave me a pill to give her every month. The pill prevented heartworms.
Benny's son ran outside. He began to dig in the ground for no reason. Benny noticed him and quickly ran towards him. Before saying anything, he saw something with a a gold shape. When he pulled it out, he found out that it was a golden ring.
Joe's buddy Rick had never been to a wedding. So when Rick announced his engagement, Joe was excited. Then Rick surprised him even more. He asked Joe to be his best man! Joe tearfully agreed!
Charles walked into a restaurant and went into their bathroom. He came out and saw a cop who looks like Adolf Hitler. Charles couldn't control himself and laughed out loud. The cop asked him why he looked and then laughed? Charles blamed it on a thought, but the officer still harassed him.
Jane had a science project due. But the thought of attempting it stressed her out. She tried to ignore the project. But as the due date approached, she felt more and more anxious. The day before the project, Jane rushed through everything.
Troy was whittling a piece of wood. He wasn't too experienced at whittling. The knife slipped out of Troy's hand. He cut his hand. Troy rushed into the house for a bandage.
Abe and Jen were adjusting to their lives as an empty nest couple. Abe was concerned about how much time Jen had to spend alone. He purchased two Burmese kittens from a breeder in Reno. The couple was nervous as they brought the kittens home. Now the kittens bring smiles to both of their faces every day.
Julie had a crush on robert. Robert had no clue. Julie decided to ask him out. Julie was so nervous but she finally called him up. Robert was so flattered and told her yes!
Dan was very sad in his little apartment. He stood alone gazing out the open window. The city seemed like ants from where he stood. This however was a great analogy for how he felt in life. Preparing himself he stepped to the ledge and took one final breath.
Both of my kids like chocolate pop-tarts. Only one of my kids likes blueberry pop-tarts. I usually buy one big box of chocolate and one small box of blueberry. I mistakenly got them mixed up this week. Everyone is sad that we have so many blueberry ones and no chocolate.
Johnny had always wanted to play football. One day he met his idol John Elway. John Elway told him to keep practicing. Every day after school Johnny practiced. Johnny is now the quarterback at his school.
I liked Will Smith, the actor, when he was a young battle rapper. So when I met him in 2007, I thought he'd like to hear from me. Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working. Excited, I walked up to him and said, I'm so glad to meet you! He brightly smiled and said, I'm not Will Smith.
I was five when my father told me he had a surprise. That surprise was that I would be getting my first haircut. My dad took me in the car to the local barber shop. My dad took me inside and placed me in the chair. The barber was funny as cut my hair.
Chelsea was getting married. She went to a wedding dress store. She spent five hours trying on wedding dresses. Finally she narrowed it down to two dresses. Then she picked the perfect one.
Shelby always wanted to go to new york. Her parents tell her she is going to new york. They get her a ticket and send her on a train. She arrives in new york. She loves her time in her dream city.
Dana's art teacher asked the class to draw their families. Dana drew her mom with ugly hair and made her dad an ogre. The teacher collected the drawings and put them on the walls. When Dana's parents came to open house, they looked for her drawing. Dana pointed to a drawing made by another student.
Jim was feeling lucky so he decided to spend $2 on a lottery ticket. He didn't expect to win but thought it would be nice if he did. The drawing was the next day. He watched it on tv, getting more and more excited. He had matched three numbers, winning $150!
Kate had an argument with some girls in a club. The bouncers insisted they all leave. Kate was upset because she paid to enter the club. She was mad they were putting her out. She more upset they wouldn't return her cover charge.
Erin has always been terrified of spiders. One day she went to get into her car and say a large spider on it. She screamed and ran back into her house. She called her boyfriend and asked him to get the spider off. He went out and took the spider off for her.
Danny went to the bench outside. He took out his papers and started to review for his test. Several flies flew around him. They climbed on his arm and eventually his eyes. Since they were irritated, Danny tried to shake them off.
Maria is a nascent model. While working at a car show, someone said they knew a celebrity. That person took photos of Maria. Next, the person shared pictures of Maria with celebrities. A popular rapper invited and then paid Maria to be in his music video.
Jerry was going through some tough times. His wife left him. Afterward he lost his job because he was too emotional. Eventually even his kids didn't want to see him. He tried to take his life over it last week.
Gina was upset to see a moving truck parked at her house. She went inside, expecting to see her parents packing. She was surprised when they weren't. They weren't moving at all. The truck was delivering new furniture.
Dana didn't want to do the dishes. She tried bribing her kids to no avail. She attempted bargaining with her husband. He refused. Dana finally decided to research electric dishwashers on the internet.
Ava was playing at the beach one day. She sifted through the shore rocks idly. Then she saw a huge, beautiful seashell among them! Ava washed the shell and took it home with her. There, she set it on her dresser as a memento of the beach.
I made plans to look at the stars. I brought my telescope and a blanket outside. I walked to my yard but was disappointed. The sky was obscured by dark stormy clouds. I had to go back inside because the sky was not clear.
Ryan went inside an abandoned mansion. He went in for photographic content. It was extremely frightening for him He could hear the walls and the floor creak. He left after 10 minutes
Nate got a really bad cold from his daycare site. Nate has been washing his hands and getting plenty of rest. Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play. Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside. Nate can't wait to go play outside at the park again.
Rich was known as a robber of people. He never cared about hurting anyone. One day Rich decided to rob a bank. He was shot in the process. Now Rich's robbing days are done.
Bill always wanted a green tractor. At night he dreamed of green tractors. Every morning he asked his mom if he could get a green tractor. His mom always said if you save your allowance you can buy one. Bill saved his money till he was twenty.
Paul had a pet mouse, Bess, that he really wanted to train. His friend said he wouldn't be able to train her to go through a hoop. Paul was sure he could, and they made a bet on it. Paul used small bits of cheese to teach Bess to go through. He was very glad to both claim his winnings and have a trained pet!
Gina was waiting on her grandpa to return home. She wanted him to take her to the store to buy chips. When he returned home he was too tired to go to the store. Gina would have to wait until tomorrow to get the chips. She was disappointed, but there was nothing she could do.
My ex coworker Ann had a hearing last week. Ann was having an affair with a man. The man's wife found out and left threatening voice mails. Ann filed a complaint in court. The case was dismissed after the wife promised to stop threatening.
Tim was a boy scout, and went on many camping trips with his friends. One camping trip, he and his friends decided to go swimming. While he was swimming, his friends hid his socks in a tree. Tim looked and looked, but couldn't find his socks anywhere. Eventually, Tim had to go home without any socks.
Ava found a stray cat wandering around. She began to leave it milk and meat. Soon it followed her around outside. Then she lured it into her room. Ava had her own pet cat now!
Ian wanted to buy a coffee beans. And he found a good deal online. He was excited for them to arrive. But when he opened it, the package had a tear. Ian then reluctantly bought coffee beans at a market.
They were out in the backyard. The Phillips family had just purchased a telescope. They were all fascinated by it. Gazing through the lens they were looking at the moon. It was beautiful and the whole family enjoyed it.
Joffrey strove hard to establish himself in the community. He worked late nights cooking delicious meals in his restaurant. Everyone who ate at his establishment raved about it. Some miscreants dropped mice into his kitchen right before inspection. Joffrey failed to pass it, and couldn't afford to reopen.
The kids loved to be in the ocean. Snorkeling was their favorite thing. They watched some fish underwater for a while. It was amazing to see them dart in and out of the coral. The kids were most pleased when a big turtle swam by!
Professor Banns was a very elderly history professor. He fell asleep in a chair in the staff lounge and then died. He was discovered deceased by another staff member. All students and staff attended his funeral. It was necessary to hire another teacher to teach history.
Kia made a pitcher of lemonade for her family. She poured them glasses to drink. But as they sipped, they all frowned and spat! Kia had forgotten the sugar. She was so embarrassed by her silly mistake!
Jones exercised every night. One night he did it a little bit too much. He ended up passing out. He woke up hours later. He was laying in a puddle of his own blood.
Braydin was excited to see me at Christmas. It wasn't because he expected a toy from me. It was because I was nice to him. He knew someone was there who would play with him. I took him in a back room and we played with robots.
Lucy and John were a couple. Ann liked John a lot. She asked him to go out with her. John agreed behind Lucy's back. Lucy found out later and broke up with John.
I decided to try to climb a tree. I found a sturdy oak with many branches. I decided this was a good tree to climb. I attempted to climb it and I fell and hurt my ankle. I decided that it was not smart to climb trees.
Jim decided he was going to try to forgive and forget. His neighbor had really slighted him throughout the years. Jim felt he could be a bigger man about it. He set the neighbor's house on fire and urinated in his gas tank. Jim forgave himself for it and forgot all about the neighbor.
The man was researching hotels. He was taking a trip to a new place. He wanted to make every detail perfect. When it was time to travel, he knew he'd done a great job planning. He couldn't wait to experience it all!
Tim was trying to lose weight. He tried counting calories but it was difficult. A friend told him about an app that would help. Tim downloaded it and it worked great. He was able to count calories much easier.
We had sugar ants in our apartment. They got into the cat's food if it was left in the tray for awhile. They even got into the Keurig. We had an exterminator put down some bait. They were gone within 3 weeks.
Brian was trying to teach Karyn to play chess. Karyn didn't like following the rules of the game. Brian had taken almost all of her pieces. Karyn crafted a plan to win the game. She launched atomic warheads and destroyed the rest of Brian's pieces.
Ronnie was hanging out with his friends after school. They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks. Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already. Ronnie decided to steal a candy bar from the store. Ronnie got caught by the cashier and he got in big trouble afterwards.
Chris had been stuck at home for ten years because of leg problems. One  day he found a chat program on the internet. He met a woman named Janet. They became friends and she flew to Australia to meet him. They are now married.
Greg made lots of silly faces. His mom took videos. She uploaded them to Youtube. Greg's videos were very funny. He became a viral sensation.
Anna was on a diet. The thing she missed most was soda. One day she ordered a non-diet cola with her lunch. The calories distressed her, but still she smiled. It tasted so delicious!
Michael needed to drive nearly 10 hours for a meeting. He got ready for the long drive! He asked me if the car had any gas and I said yes, it was full. So he started on his way. After he got there he called me and said he made it safe.
My friends were playing on the playground. A group of kids older than us started to walk closer to us. They tried fighting us since they wanted the playground for themselves. We tried to run away and they ended up throwing rocks. A huge rock landed on my leg and I received a bruise.
The students were working together on a class project. They needed to come up with a new product idea. They had a few bad ideas but nothing good. Finally, Agatha had a great idea! They all worked to finish the project up just in time.
Jason wants to see penguins. He goes online to research which zoos have penguins. He finds a zoo in Washington. Finally, he takes a trip to the zoo. Jason sees the penguins and is very happy.
Last summer I visited a beautiful Cape Cod beach. I searched for shells and sea glass. On the sand was a bottle sealed with wax with a message enclosed. I opened the bottle and did not find a pirate map. Instead, it was part of a high school science project on currents.
Brian sped down the street in his new car. His foot pressed down hard on the pedal. The engine roared. Suddenly, Brian heard a siren and saw red flashing lights. He groaned and pulled over.
Boris didn't know how to cook. He decided he would learn how to cook. Boris bought cooking books from the bookstore. He practiced the recipes in the book. Finally, Boris could cook!
My friend went to the store. She needed to buy art supplies. When she got to the register, she discovered she left her money. The cashier told my friend that she would hold the items. My friend got her money and returned to buy her supplies.
Louis didn't want to eat his vegetables. He had carrots and peas left on his plate. He looked at his plate in disgust. His mom said he couldn't play til he ate them. Finally Louis gave in.
Dexter loved hiking with his parents. They always made the adventure fun and exciting. One day, they decided that they were too busy to go. Dexter was sad and didn't want to hike by himself. His older brother, Marcus, offered to go along with him.
I was going to see my cousin graduate. There was a traffic jam. My family took a detour. We had to find a different bridge. It did not save us any time.
Alicia was part of the cheerleading squad. She got up on stage with her team to compete. It was a grueling routine. Luckily for them, they won. Alicia's team won gold.
Tom was in his school's bathroom. He was using a stall. Someone else went in to pee. When they left they turned off the lights. Tom had to finish in the dark.
Brad loved to play with his dog. He would always go to the park with her. One day he lost his dog at the park! He finally found her behind a tree with a litter of puppies! Brad's dog was a new mother!
Our friends Joe and Sue lived on the first floor of a condo building. They had a porch with hanging plants. One day Joe noticed liquid coming down onto the plants. A 5-year old boy was peeing off the porch. Joe went up to tell the parents.
Sally was painting her bedroom. She had just finished the first coat. She was looking at the paint and saw that it was running low. She still needed to do the second coat. Finally, she decided she would need to buy more.
I began my exam. After finishing the multiple choice questions, I turned the page. After reading the free response question, I was confused. My head started to hurt since I couldn't answer the question. I left the page blank and turned in my work.
A woman sat down to do her taxes. She tried to determine if she could use the 1040EZ form. It took several hours. In the end, she concluded that she could. The IRS disagreed, and audited her.
Crystal and Fred have been engaged for seven years. They have finally set a wedding date for next summer. People were starting to wonder if they would ever get married. Crystal said she wasn't getting married until she was good and ready. Their family and friends are looking forward to the nuptials.
Sara loves coffee. She wakes up every morning and drinks one cup. She mixes it was cream and sugar. Sara then takes a cup to work. Coffee helps her make it through the day.
Josh saw his new neighbor walking a dog. Josh ran up to pet the dog. But the new neighbor stopped him! He told Josh that it was a seeing-eye dog. Josh was sad that he couldn't pet the dog.
Jim was nervous as he asked Tricia to go to the movies with him. When she suggested a romantic comedy, he smiled and said okay. Jim picked Trisha up at her house 20 minutes before the movie started. He paid for the tickets and popcorn before finding them seats. He didn't like the movie at all but he enjoyed his time with Trisha.
Carl was bored and decided to draw. He got out his chalk and drew on his sidewalk. He made a big giraffe and was proud of it. It then started to rain and it ruined the drawing. Carl was sad and had to go inside for the day.
Trudy wanted to travel to an exotic country. She enjoyed experiencing new cultures. Her naive travel agent suggested she try Indonesia. Trudy was fascinated by the interesting markets there. She returned home early after eating poorly prepared food.
Morgan loved riding her bicycle. One day, she rode it to school. She locked it up outside the building. When she returned, it had been stolen. She swore vengeance for her missing bike.
It was a Sunday morning and I wanted to visit the beach. I took the train to get to my destination. When I arrived I swam in the ocean. Afterwards I tanned in the sand. I finally went home when it started to get dark outside.
Crystal is a professional babysitter. One day, she had to watch over a pair of rambunctious toddlers. She turned her back for a moment and the kids made a mess. Frustrated, Crystal quickly cleaned up the mess. When the parents got home, Crystal was exhausted from her day.
My pilot Rudy and I were caught in a storm. I could see in the radar a fierce wall of thunderclouds all around. Getting desperate, I finally found a crack in the vicious clouds! I told Rudy to turn right 20 degrees and I held my breath. We made it through just fine and Rudy later praised my navigation.
Barry woke up one day feeling very hungry. When he got out of bed he noticed a jar of cookies in his kitchen. He hungrily gobbled up the cookies, eating every single one. Unfortunately, when he finished he saw worms on the bottom of the jar! Suddenly Barry wasn't so hungry anymore.
My son hit the shop-vac while pulling into the garage too fast. My husband decided to ground him for three days. I wanted to be a good mom, so I decided to teach him how to park. During the lesson, I accidentally hit my husband with the mirror. Now he says I'm grounded, too.
Mary was coughing a lot. She went to see her doctor. The doctor examined her. He told Mary that she needed to rest more. Mary eventually stopped coughing so much.
Mike had a dog on his farm. Mike always walked his dog in the morning. One day his dog was missing. He found his dog behind the house with puppies! Mike's dog was a new mommy!
Steve woke up one morning with a massive ringing in his ears. It continued throughout the entire day. No matter what he did, the ringing wouldn't stop. He stopped by the doctor on his way home, and he was dumbfounded. Miraculously, the next day the ringing in his ears had ceased.
Jack was running late to school. When he got to school, he realized he grabbed the wrong shoes. His teacher noticed before he did. She sent him to the principal. Jack was written up for wearing non-uniform shoes.
Rob was being chased by an orphan child. He ran through the streets screaming for help. He wandered into an alley, where the orphan cornered him. The orphan beat him up. He stole Rob's shoes and shirt.
Randy was looking for a college that would give merit scholarships. He had worked hard through school but was not great at sports. He did not qualify for a need scholarship but couldn't afford college. He searched for school that would value his academic merit. He found one that used its football income to fund merit scholarships.
Amy and her friend were riding bikes on a summer afternoon. They decided to ride to her friend's cousin's house. There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up. Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill. Amy ended up walking the bike up the hill instead of riding.
Ellie was in bed reading something on her computer. She noticed a huge fly floating around her room. She got up and started to climb around trying to swat the fly. Suddenly she mis-stepped and landed on her computer. The screen broke completely right away.
We had some Brazilian neighbors with mischievous children. They were two boys, 8 and 6. Their parents were rather lax in discipline. One day the boys flooded the apartment by overflowing the bathtub. The landlord had to repair the ceiling in the unit below.
Sunny brought his son to a Yankees game. The boy wanted to watch his favorite player Mark Teixeira. Inning after inning, the Yankees were down more and more. Suddenly, the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation. Teixeira was leading the Yankees to victory!
Lucy loved computer coding. So she decided to make her own app. She then published it to the app store. To her delight she made a lot of money. Lucy was thrilled.
Eli really had to urinate. He'd been holding it because he was busy. The bank called him again when he finally was getting up. Then one of his neighbors decided it was a good time to visit. Eli was truly relieved when he was finally able to get to a bathroom.
Tom couldn't find his ipod. He then remembered he left them in his pants. He had just washed them. Tom found the ipod but it was badly broken. He was forced to buy a new one.
The weather outside was very nice and warm. Sam decided to open a window to let in some fresh air. A fly came in through the open window. The insect filled Sam with great terror. He ran from the room and slammed the door behind him.
Marge went to a renaissance fair with her friend. At the fair, they encountered a fortune teller. They paid for a reading to get their horoscopes. The fortune teller told Marge that she would fall in love soon. Marge and her friend went home with hope in their hearts.
Oliver was cleaning up his house. He was digging through his room when he found a cup. The cup was full of old moldy milk. He figured that the cup was probably really gross at this point. So, he decided to just throw the cup out.
Susan threw the ball underhand. The batter swung at the ball. The batter hit the ball right to Susan. Susan threw the ball to first base. The batter was out at first base.
Jake thought he was a great basketball player. His best friend challenged him to a game. Jake played a great game. His best friend played better. Jake lost the game.
Eric and John decided to play Horse. They played until the game was tied. John decided to cheat, and because he did he won the game. Eric decided not to play with John anymore. They grew apart and never talked again.
I visited my friend Frank in Maine today. He used to own two dogs. I asked him how the dogs were doing. Frank said both dogs got sick and had to be put down recently. I was saddened by this news.
Last week my wife bought a six pack of beer. She brought only one bottle up from the car. She had other packages to carry. She forgot where she put the beer. She went to the car and found the beer under a towel in the back.
Pavel is excited to vote in the presidential election. He's reviewed his candidates. He's made himself informed. He arrives at the polls. He's happy to participate in the political process.
Rita was frustrated. Her dryer wasn't drying her clothes. She ran it for several cycles. She gave up and hung the clothes on the clothes line. Rita hoped the dryer would be a cheap fix.
Nora was delighted to try her grandma's sweet pickles. Her grandma packed a box of pickle jars for Nora's mom to take home. Nora's mom put the jars on a shelf. In the morning, Nora's mom found all the jars had broken seals. Nora found the last jar she opened was sweet instead of sour pickles.
Austin has always wanted to try an unconventional haircut. One day he asks his barber for a mohawk. Austin feels excited for his first day at school with his new haircut. All the other kids think Austin's hair is really cool. He is happy that he got a new haircut.
Kay was turned 21 and he was very excited. He wanted to have a huge party with beer and music and lots of action! But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in. Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration. And he ended up enjoying his 21st birthday more than he'd expected!
Justin's niece was crying. He asked her what was wrong. She had scraped her knee. Justin tended to her knee. The girl stopped her crying.
Jack was tasked with making lasagna for a cooking competition. Luckily he knew his mom's famous recipe by heart! He got to work by first gathering the ingredients. Then he prepared them for the judges. The judges loved the dish and awarded Jack first place!
On Friday I had to take the MCAT which I needed to do well on. I've wanted to be a doctor since I was five. I completely blanked when I got to the test. But after a while the information came back to me. I completed the test and found out I got an amazing score.
Kia was excited to go on the school ski trip. But the morning of the trip, she woke feeling ill. Her mom examined her and said she had the flu! She insisted Kia stay home in bed that day. Kia was disappointed to miss her ski trip.
Sam had a vegetable garden. He noticed a lot of it was being eaten um. He found out there was a rabbit around. Sam decided he didn't want to hurt the rabbit. They shared the vegetables.
Mark had plans to become big one day. His parents told him to go to college. Mark ignored it applied to be an actor. No one hired him however. So Mark listened to his parents finally.
Sam learned a new trick and wanted to show it to others. He wasn't sure how he could show others and began thinking how to. The town was having a talent show next week and was accepting people. Sam signed up for the talent show and was so excited about it. Sam showed off his new trick and won first prize at the show.
Skip was out on a date with his girlfriend. Skip left his phone at the table as he headed to the bathroom. His girlfriend went through his phone. She threw water in his face as he returned. Skip was dumped for cheating on his girlfriend.
I was at work. I was using the walking stacker. My friend stood in my way. He wanted me to get certified first. I almost ran him over.
Jason loved a girl named Jill. He always wanted to be with her and chased after her. Jill didn't feel the same way about Jason. Jack met Jill and the two hit it off. Jack made Jill his girlfriend.
Lucy was in the yard when she heard her grandma calling her. She ran into the house to see what she wanted. Her mother was waiting on the phone to speak with her. Lucy and her mother laughed and talked for an hour. They said their goodbyes and Lucy ran outside to continue playing.
Tim paid his rent late. It had already been several times. Tim ran the risk of getting evicted. He called his landlord and pleaded. Tim was given another chance.
Marshall had been working on his car. One of the belts needed replacement. Marshall got a ride from to go the the parts store. He bought a replacement belt. Marshall was able to fix his car.
I have been learning to play the trumpet. I am currently third chair in my school band. I am going to practice every night after school to get better. My goal is to move up to second chair this year. I am determined and diligent in practicing and I will be successful.
There were lots of dirty dishes. But I didn't feel like cleaning them. When I wanted to make food later, I regret not washing them. And then there were even more dishes to do. The next time, I decided to clean the dishes right away.
When I was three, someone called the cops on me. She said I kicked her son. I hadn't even seen him that day. Luckily, the cop thought the whole thing was ridiculous. I haven't had a run in with the law, since.
Otis loved fresh tomatoes. This year he decided to grow his on. He planted the seeds and watered them. Every day he removed the weeds. In July, Otis had delicious fresh tomatoes.
Angie started second grade very nervously. She was at a new school. Her teacher, Ms Wilson, greeted her warmly. She introduced her to a nice girl named Dana. Angie's school year was looking up!
Kelly was nervous for picture day. She sat on the stool as the photographer worked. He told her to smile. She couldn't get the photo right. Finally he just snapped the picture regardless.
Tom's dad had cancer. Tom was very religious. He prayed every day for his dad to get better. His dad kept getting worse. Eventually Tom's dad died a painful death.
Tim rented a movie from the video store. He really liked it and kept watching it. He forgot to return it in time. Tim got hit with lots of late fees. He never paid them.
Tom moved in with his girlfriend. His girlfriend hated an ugly lamp he kept around. She asked him to get rid of it. Tom explained that it had been in his family for generations. His girlfriend understand and let him keep it.
In university I had to take a research statistics. We had to write a scientific report, and like always I procrastinated. Every time there was a deadline, I was writing right before class. Everything I turned in was last minute. Somehow though, I ended up with an awesome grade!
Aaron was eating at his mother's house. He wasn't feeling well. Aaron told his mother he wasn't hungry. His mother fixed a plate for Aaron to take home. Aaron ate the food later.
I arrived on time for my surgery. The front desk worker took my information down. As soon as my surgeon was available, we started the operation. He slowly pulled four of my teeth out. Although I was in pain, I thanked him for everything.
I drove my teenage daughter to a concert one night. I parked in a lot down the road and read a book. I picked up my daughter after the concert and headed home. I realized my book was missing, and drove 3 exits back to the lot. The book was in the parking lot, and I retrieved it.
I had a busy day working in a restaurant. When I got home I smelled the scent of the restaurant still. I took off my clothes and I still could smell it on me. I took a hot shower to wash away the smell. After the shower I could no longer smell it.
I went out to eat with my friend. But I didn't feel like spending a lot of money. So I got the cheapest thing. It was soup. So it only set me back about five dollar.
Anna had been excited for her wedding anniversary. She planned a big romantic dinner and picked a perfect present. On the day of the anniversary she realized her husband forgot. She was so mad that she could not hold back her tears. When her husband finally remembered he told her he was sorry.
Susie always wanted to go to NYC at christmas time. She saved all her money for a few months. Her best friend wanted to go to NY also. They finally took the big trip this year. It was a fantastic experience they will never forget.
Emma and Sara wanted to go for a walk. They decided to go to the store. They walked down the road. Then, they were at a store. There, they bought snacks.
Kia fell on the playground and cut her arm. She had to be taken to the hospital. There, the doctor said she needed stitches! Kia was terrified at first, but then the nurse calmed her. When she was calm, she was able to relax and distract herself.
Oliver and Graham got a new puppy. They both wanted to choose the name for the puppy. For a while, they argued over who should pick. Finally, their mom said that she would flip a coin for them. In the end, Oliver got to name the puppy.
Tina couldn't afford expensive baby formula. She got a cheap brand from china. Eventually her kid got sick. Tina couldn't afford the medical treatment. Tina eventually buried her child.
Mona was truly a selfish girl. She was ungrateful to say the least. Until she once met a man who used her. Mona finally found out one hurtful thing. What was always inside her, was just a savage beast.
Savannah wanted to plan something for Valentines day. She couldn't afford much. She came up with the idea to make brownies. She made a batch and wrapped them up. Then, she gave them to her Valentine.
Hannah loved to babysit her baby cousin. She happily accepted to babysit one weekend. After putting the baby down to nap, Hannah decides to call a friend. While talking, Hannah suddenly hears a thump. She runs up the stairs to see the baby taking her first steps!
Becky's parents gave her a kitten for her birthday. The next morning the kitten was gone. Becky called for it but couldn't find it. Becky was distraught. She found the kitten sleeping under her bed.
Seth and his friends are bored on a weekend day. They are all coming up with ideas of what to do. Seth asks his friends if they wanna go play basketball. They all agree to the idea. Seth and his friends go and play basketball.
Katelan had friends coming over to study. But her room was a mess. Katelan asked her mom for help to clean her room. Katelan and her mom made the room sparkle. Katelan had a clean room for her friends to study in now.
Christie and Nate dated in college. He told her that he planned on becoming a doctor. He asked Christie to marry him. Christie accepted the proposal, even though Nate was ugly. Christie only cared about Nate's money.
Martha had a dog named Butch. Butch would lie all day on the sofa like a lazy dog. Martha came home one day with a cat. Butch woke up from his slumber and lept from the sofa. Butch grabbed the cat and shook it, and killed the cat.
Melissa was going on a date. The guy picked her up that night and they went to the movies. They were having so much fun talking that they skipped the movie. They spent hours chatting outside of the store. She couldn't wait to see the guy again.
Carl didn't have a lot of money in his grocery budget. He was at the grocery store. Carl saw a package of chicken at a discounted price. Carl picked up the chicken. He had enough meat for the rest of the week.
Sara's mom wanted her to be a pumpkin for Halloween. Sara wanted to be a witch. Sara's mom made her dress as a pumpkin. Sara changed her clothes when she got outside. Sara's mom never found out.
Osho decided to plant a guava tree in his backyard. He watered it and gave it the correct sunlight. He waited for months for it to sprout. Finally the tree sprouted its first leaves. After a few years, the tree began to create guava fruit.
Sara woke up to a beautiful sunny day. She decided it was the perfect weather for tanning. Sara collected suntan lotion, a towel, and a bathing suit. Careful to keep everything straight she laid it on the deck outside. Sara finally relaxed as she let the sunny day brown her tender skin.
My son received an official looking letter. It requested that he change his voter registration address. I was about to give it to him. I looked and saw it was from a non profit political group. I ignored the letter.
Kia had an energy drink after dinner. It helped her get her homework done quickly. But then she tried to fall asleep. The caffeine made it impossible! Kia was awake most of the night.
Zoey was offered a free place to stay by her friend. It was an old cabin he had built. Inside, the place was a huge mess. Zoey had to spend an entire week to clean the whole thing. Finally, it was livable and she moved in.
Jim was playing at the playground. He climbed on a climber. When he was on a top he slipped, and fell. Other kids saw him in pain. They called his parents.
My mother and I bought a house together. We could barely afford the house on both our salaries. I lost my job. My mother was diagnosed with cancer and died. The bank foreclosed on the house.
Laura was sick of her old sneakers. She decided to buy a new pair. Laura bought a nice pair of bright red sneakers. She went for a run wearing her new sneakers. Laura was happy to get rid of her old sneakers.
Rebecca bought a new couch. It was delivered on Monday. She got very excited. Two men brought the couch into her house. She found out the couch was too big for her room.
My mother and I were hit by lightning. We both had just gotten into the car. The entire car shook for a few seconds and all the window lit up. We both couldn't believe it and looked at each other. Then we drove away.
Steven didn't have enough money to buy the things he wanted. He asked his parents for a raise in his allowance. They said no and suggested he get a job. Steven checked the want ads. He found a great paper route that paid handsomely.
Peapod changed its website. I did an order, but did not complete it. I got an email saying my cart had been saved. I went online the next day, and found my cart had in fact been erased. I called tech support but never got through.
My mom told me to boil some rice. I poured two cups of rice in a pot with water and salt. The rice began to boil after a few minutes. However, I waited an extra 30 minutes to take it out. The rice ended up being extremely brittle and soft.
The man put on a hat. It made his head itch. He looked at the label. The label said it was wool. The man decided he didn't like wool.
Samantha wanted to make tacos for dinner. She went to the grocery store. The store was sold out of avocados. Samantha decided to cook spaghetti instead. She bought pasta and sauce.
Ruth peered through the curtains into the mist outside. A vaguely human shape fluttered past. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door! Terrified, Ruth went and opened it. The mailman handed her a letter and commented on the weather.
Betty was out for a run. She stepped off the side of the pavement and twisted her ankle. When she fell, she also skinned her knee badly. She walked to the park restroom to clean up. Then she had to walk all the way home, very slowly.
Harley found a cat in her yard. Harley asked around, but no one knew who the cat belonged to. She kept the cat and made a cozy bed for it. The cat appreciated Harley's kindness. Now, the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days.
Susie decided she was going to sell lemonade to her block. So she made four jugs of lemonade. Got a cardboard box and wrote the prices for lemonade. She put her lemonade stand on the sidewalk near her front yard. Susie sold all the lemonade and made a hundred dollars.
Dan was about to start a drive from Florida to Atlanta. Dan already had his route mapped out, and was ready to go. After about four hours of driving, Dan decided to take a break. However, Dan did not see any signs for a rest stop. Dan decided he would stop at a gas station instead and take a nap.
Barry was a very poor man with an talent for painting. He didn't sell his works for very much profit because he was ignorant. Barry wound up living in an alley and using old scraps for his art. He wound up creating his very own masterpiece in the alley. A wealthy passerby saw the man's work and bought it for a large sum.
Melinda had practiced her speech many times. She was supposed to give it in front of 10,000 people! She decided to practice one more time in the arena. She pretended the seats were all full of spectators. She delivered the speech well and felt relieved.
London was playing outside. She found a big puddle to jump in. She splashed and played. Then she tried to go inside. Her mom saw how messy she was and screamed.
John went to the store. John wanted to buy tomatoes. He looked everywhere for the tomatoes. The store was sold out of fresh tomatoes. John was sad, and went to another store.
It started to snow outside. Then there was extreme hail. Kelly got mad. She needed there to be good weather. She was supposed to go out.
Tommy hated being in Math class because numbers confused him. The teacher called Tommy to the board to solve a problem. Tommy felt his anxiety grow as he grasped the chalk. Then, the fire drill sounded, with an announcement for all to exit. Tommy smiled as he lined up with his classmates to leave.
Lisa hated being a secretary. She sat at her desk, and thought about her MA in English. She ordered her boss' lunch, and organized office supplies. One day her boss asked her to do his laundry. That was the last day Lisa was a secretary.
Jessie bought a new shirt. When she brought the shirt home, she found a hole in it. Jessie brought the shirt back to the store. The store allowed her to exchange the shirt. Jessie checked the shirt before leaving the store.
Tom woke up to a loud crashing sound. Tom rolled over and drifting back to sleep. The following morning he found a tree had fallen in his front yard. Tom looked up a tree removal service in his area. Tom had to pay two hundred dollars to have the tree removed!
Cynthia needed to dye her hair because her roots were growing out. Cynthia walked to the drug store to buy some peroxide. At the store, Cynthia noticed that candy was on sale. Cynthia also bought a bag of candy with her hair dye. Cynthia walked home and colored her hair.
I was talking to a friend on the phone. I mentioned that I had strong feelings about a certain girl. I confided that I was wary of the girl's reputation. The next day I was ready to finally introduce myself to her. She ended up rudely snubbing me all day.
Jessica wanted her own room. But the only choice was the attic. Initially, she enjoyed the space and privacy. But later, she developed a cough. She didn't realize how dusty the attic was.
Amy woke up on the couch. She had fallen asleep watching TV after eating dinner. Her mother stood over her scowling. Amy meant to clean the mess up before she fell asleep. Her plan had fallen apart.
Last night I planned to make hamburgers. I got the meat out ready to cook them. However when I looked for the buns I found something. The buns were moldy and green. I immediately had to throw them out.
The day Tammy turned sixteen she got her driver's license. For months she had saved up for the big day she could buy a car. She test drove dozens of vehicles before buying her first vehicle. She drove it off the car lot just as a semi truck ran a red light. Tammy's car was totaled before she even made it home.
Nobody wanted to take out the trash. Everyone just piled it on higher. Eventually someone complained. But they didn't take it out either. The pile eventually fell over and was harder to clean.
Marjorie always arrived first for class. She sat on the first desk in front of the teacher. When a new student sat in her chair one morning, she told him to move. But the new student refused saying he needed to be close to catch up. Marjorie had to find a seat at the back of the class instead.
Jason has a test coming up for his Biology class. He decides to go to the library to study. Jason works very hard to prepare for his test. When test day arrives, he feels prepared. Jason is glad he prepared so well.
I went to an interview yesterday. I was nervous to meet the interviewers. They asked me pretty typical interview questions. I answered them as best I could. Shortly after, I was notified that they wanted to offer me a position!
Tina felt unfulfilled in her career. She decided to go back to school to become a teacher. She went to school at night and worked during the day. Eventually she graduated school. Tina now has a teaching job and enjoys her career.
Brittany woke up to her dog barking. Someone was at her front door. She threw on a sweatshirt and raced downstairs. Her boyfriend was at the door. He was holding roses and coffee.
I was using crayons to make pictures. I began to get tired of using the same crayons. I could not afford any more supplies. I decided to just give up. However, my friend showed up with a box full of art supplies.
Carl was having a lot of trouble with his neighbor, a cranky old man. Whenever Carl left his house, the old man complained about something. After fighting with the old man, Carl always felt guilty for yelling. He decided no matter what, he wouldn't get mad, he'd just accept it. The man still complained, but Carl didn't let it bug him any more.
Mike was a famous reclusive writer. Every day, people would knock on his door and Mike would ignore them. Mike became annoyed by the knocking and then one day snapped. Mike was caught on camera having an outburst and his life became worse Mike learned that fame came at a big price and was upset.
Carl cannot sleep. He feels that his room is too quiet. Carl turns on the television. his room is filled with light and sound. Carl falls asleep comfortably.
I once had a great birthday. I got a beautiful cake. It was a chocolate cake. My friends and I ate the cake in one day. We felt very sick afterwards.
Joe went to the bank to apply for a loan. He needed to pay for his car. The bank checked his credit and borrowing history. They approved his loan. Joe bought his car.
My television stopped working. I drove to the department store. I saw a brand I liked. I purchased the television. I replaced my old television with the new one.
I was sitting outside by the pool yesterday. I started to get very thirsty. I didn't know what to do. I immediately ran inside for some water. When I was done I felt better.
September 1st is nicknamed Allston Xmas in Boston. That is moving day. People throw a lot of usable things away. On this day, a local fruit store had its workers dressed as elves. They handed out free fruit samples in honor of Allston Xmas.
Zack was going steady with his girlfriend for 2 months. Zack thought their relationship was going good. Zack didn't know that she was also seeing his best friend. One night Zack asked his girlfriend to go out for dinner. She told him she didn't want him anymore and that it was over.
A winter storm hit Sam's house. He did not prepare with enough provisions. When he realized he was already snowed in. Sam had to shovel his way out and walk to a store. He eventually got milk and food.
Jenna loved music and dancing. She was a dancer with a local ballet company. She trained for her performances very seriously. Jenna did so well at her last performance that she was promoted. She became a principal dancer.
Brad worked out all of the time but was not gaining muscle. He decided to go to a trainer for help and advice. The trainer told brad he needed to eat more protein. Brad started to eat more protein and saw more muscle gains. Brad was happy with the trainer's advice.
Leah's family moved away to a new town. So, Leah had to go to a new school. She was nervous that she wouldn't make any friends. However on her first day of school her classmates were very friendly. Leah soon had a lot of friends at her new school.
Jami woke up ready to turk today. She was soon excited because "Tell a Short Story" was back. She opened up the hit and started to type away. She laid her head on the keyboard. She discovered she was tapped out of stories.
I decided to go hunting. I had never hunted before. I bought a rifle and headed into the woods. I killed a deer. I felt terrible and decided to never hunt again.
Sven lived in Stockholm. He was bored at home by himself in his family's apartment. He decided to try his father's akvavit, a caraway-infused vodka. It tasted awful and burned his tongue. He didn't try liquor again for six years after that.
Our 2 year old granddaughter visited us this weekend. Her parents drove up from NJ to Boston. There was a lot of traffic in CT. A 4 hour ride took 7 to complete. Everyone came in exhausted.
I bought Aunt Ann a cell phone and taught her how it worked. She wanted to know where was the phone's cord. I explained the phone operated without a cord. Aunt Anne said the phone was a evil devil toy. I took the phone back to the store for a refund.
Dahlia was blind but it never seemed to get her down. The only thing that bothered her was being alone. She decided to meet another person who was blind. Ronald was blind as well and they both hit it off. The two remain very close and Ronald just proposed to Dahlia.
John noticed that he had a lot of trash in his car. He decided he needed to clean it out. It was a big job. When it was done, his car looked great. John was glad he had cleaned out his car.
Yesterday we had takeout dinner. We had just returned from Tanglewood, 120 miles away. We were very tired. We ordered subs from a local pizza shop. I was stuffed after eating only half of a sub.
Amy was having a baby. She was excited that it was her first. Her friends decided to throw her a surprise shower. When Amy walked in the door, her face was completely shocked. She was so happy about the shower.
Tom had to write a book report for one of his classes. It took him a while but he was proud of his work. When he got it back he noticed he got a low grade. Tom's professor explained that he read the wrong book. Tom was given some partial credit for his effort.
Kate met a guy at a club. They sat in the club and talked for an hour. As they talked he showed her his two tattoos. Kate usually didn't like tattoos. But she liked them on him.
Greg was at home from college and had lots of laundry to do. He started his laundry and he put his clothes in the dryer. After 30 minutes, he checked his laundry which was still wet. The dryer was broken, so he had to hang his clothes outside to dry. Luckily, it was a hot day and his clothes dried in no time.
A gave a group of kids a task to complete. I told them the first one to find a four leaf clover will get $1. I had about 45 kids in the grass searching and searching. Finally one came up to me. He opened his hand and showed me the four leaf clover he had found.
Tom was hungry and didn't know what to eat. He decided to go get fast food. He put on jacket and headed out the door. The wind hit his face with a mighty chil. He turned around and decided to cook instead.
The Wizards were closing in on a playoff berth. They only needed to win one of their remaining four games They lost the first 3 by large margins. They were winning the last one until they fell apart late. They missed the playoffs and their fans were very upset.
Chelsea purchased a printer online from a large retailer. She had it shipped via their Site-To-Store feature. When the printer arrived at the store, it was broken. She tried to return it to another branch of the same store. After a lot of hassle they finally accepted the return.
Kim lost her house keys. She couldn't leave to work without them. It wasn't until she decided to do so anyway that she found them. They were still on the door lock. Kim felt dumb as she left to work.
Tim was playing. He got a cut on his finger. He started crying. There was a lot of blood. However when his mom gave him a band-aid, the bleeding stopped.
John had trouble sleeping. He decided to take melatonin to help him sleep. John had awful nightmares as a result. John stopped taking it. John had to find other ways to help him sleep.
Nate couldn't stop calling Diana. When she arrived in school, she looked in all directions. When she saw nate walking, she tried to run to the cafeteria. He didn't see her for the whole day. She was able to get on the school bus to go home without seeing him.
The Smith family went to the mountains to cut a fresh Christmas tree. They finally found the perfect one. Mister Smith was about to chop it down when they heard chirping. There was a bird's nest in the tree. They picked a back up tree to take home.
Jason was scared of taking an advanced class. He was worried he was not smart. His teacher encouraged him to try. So he did try at last. And performed adequately in his class.
Scott challenged Simon to a friendly game of poker. The game was going well when Scott upped the stakes too high. Simon was uncomfortable and told him so. Scott insisted as he really was in need of more money. But as Simon refused, Scott accepted a loan instead.
Ace had a passion for Animals. He was what you call an animal whisperer. One day an older lady had trouble with her cat. Her cat was stuck in a tree and wouldn't come down. Ace worked his magic and rescued the cat safely from the tree.
Today Leila is going to the museum. She is going with his class at school. They look at many exhibits. There's a large T-Rex display. Her favorite part is seeing how electricity works.
Julia was a small child obsessed with lions. She would play pretend all the time as a lioness. She lurked through her backyard looking for prey. The "prey" was actually her defenseless stuffed animals. Julia loved pouncing on her stuffed animals as if she got a catch.
Maria woke up around 8:30 on Saturday. She lied in bed for half an hour before getting up. She got dressed and made some coffee. Maria drank the coffee and read the news online. Then, Maria decided to make breakfast.
I'm writing a play about a folk musician. I want to read a biography about him to get started. There are two extant biographies of his life. I went to the local branch of the library. They have copies of both, at another branch.
Derek was a member of an inner city gang. Derek came across a movie about a kid who got out of a gang. Derek decided he wanted to do the same thing. Derek called his brother in a different state to ask for help. Now Derek has left the gang and lives with his brother.
Tim bought some chips at the store. They were a new brand and claimed to be spicy. Tim didn't really believe it. After a few chips Tim's noticed his mouth was burning a bit. He was pleasantly surprised and bought more chips often.
Sue was nervously sitting at the doctor's office. She was getting a flu shot. She was nervous about how it would feel. The doctor came and gave her a quick prick on the shoulder. Sue was relieved that it was all over.
Rita had to travel to NYC. She ran to get her flight. Unfortunately she missed her flight. Rita was mad. She had to get another flight.
Ina wanted to make some extra cash. She decided to sell her eggs. But the lab explained the procedure to her in depth. It was much more complicated than she had thought. Ina decided to find a different way to earn some cash.
For Halloween Bev and her five best friends decided to dress as cats. Each one would be a different kind of cat. Bev was a tiger. They got praise for their coordination everywhere they went. They decided they would do themed costumes again the next year.
Suzy was passing out candy on halloween. She loved doing it. But all the sudden there was a scary monster. Suzy was frightened. She ended up closing the door.
I was playing frisbee. I accidentally threw it on the roof. I tried to get it. I couldn't get up there. Finally, I borrowed a friend's ladder to get it.
Madeleine's parents bought her a piano for Christmas. But she was very small and couldn't reach the pedals. She attached an extension to her foot to make it longer. And thanks to her ingenuity, she could reach the pedal. Now, she's still small, but can play the piano like a grownup.
I went to the doctor the other day. I had to go see the doctor for a routine checkup. The wait to see the doctor was very long. When I saw the doctor I complained about the wait time. He apologized for the long wait.
One night I woke up after I heard a spooky noise. The noise I heard came from the closet. I was scared, but I checked in there anyways. It turns out my dog was in the closet making the noises. I was so relieved that it was just my dog.
Carly decided to build a garden. She bought all of the materials at a nursery. At home, she set up the beds and a fence around them. Then she planted seeds. Finally, she marked each pot so she knew what was growing.
Dan wanted to propose to Cathy but did not have the ring yet. He asked her about the types of rings that she favored. Dan shopped online and in stores, looking for the perfect ring. At the last store, a sparkling diamond attracted his attention. Dan purchased the ring, proposed to Cathy and is now engaged.
When Dan goes to school in the morning, he has to take the bus. One day Dan was running late, and missed the bus to school. Dan called his friend Pete, and asked for a ride to school. Pete gave Dan a ride to school, but Dan was late to his first class. Luckily Dan wasn't late to any of his other classes that day.
Kerry was driving on the street with her mom. They had to stop when the traffic light was red. Several men in the car next to them wore golden teeth. When they smiled, Kerry's mom freaked out. She decided to duck and stay under the seat.
Chris was a charismatic person. He was an overachiever and should of had his dream job. He just couldn't interview. Every interview he would panic and mess it up. That is why he was 37 and still lived at home.
Will was driving home with a friend. It had just rained. They both spotted a beautiful double rainbow. Will pulled over to the side of the road. Him and his friend took pictures.
Today is her birthday. Her mom cooked her breakfast in bed. She was surprised. Then her classmates sang happy birthday. She had a great tenth birthday.
Marshall was incredibly nervous and had sweaty palms. He had vomited on his sweater already and practiced in the mirror. The rap battle began and Marshall rapped better than anyone there. Marshall won the rap battle and was awarded a medal. He eventually became famous and was awarded many other medals.
Ellen worked in the theater as a stagehand. She was responsible for moving props around between scenes. One time, Ellen tripped and fell onto the scene after setting it up. To act natural, Ellen shouted out a joke in line with the show. The crowd laughed and clapped as Ellen ran to her place backstage.
Tim was buying groceries. He was walking to his car with them when a bag broke. All his groceries shattered on the floor. Tim complained about it to the manager. Unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do to reimburse him.
Gene's grandson would get so dirty by playing in the mud. There was no way he wanted that in his clean house! But Gene thought it was adorable the way he'd wallow. He came upon a solution agreeable to both of them. He hosed the boy off in his shop before letting him in the house.
Janet didn't have the money to pay a handyman to fix her toilet. She used the Internet to troubleshoot the problem. It appeared to be a problem with the chain assembly. Buying the proper part was easy thanks to a helpful salesperson. She replaced the part and felt very accomplished the rest of the day.
Tracy had bought gifts for her son for his birthday. She hid the gifts in the closet. Her son went to get a ladder out of the closet. Tracy's son found the gifts. The next year, Tracy left the gifts at his mom's house.
Blanca had a disagreement with her best friend. It had been something inconsequential. Now Blanca feeling bad, wanted to do something to make up to her. She bought some wine and a movie over to her friend's house. They had a fun girl's night in.
Walt tired of moving the sprinkler around when he watered his yard. He decided to install an automatic sprinkler system. It was hard work to install the system. The system made watering the yard much easier. Walt was proud of the work he did on the sprinkler system.
Roy was a very curious mailman. He reached into his mail bag to look for postcards. He read every card he found. No one caught him reading the mail. Roy felt very guilty afterward.
Ida was driving home one cold, rainy night. She saw a girl hitchhiking on the side of the road. Ida knew it was dangerous to stop for strangers. But her conscience made her pick up the girl. The girl was so thankful for the warm, dry ride home!
Julia's car was covered in dirt. She waited until evening. Then she took out a bucket and soap. She cleaned the car from top to bottom. Julia's car looks brand new.
Jackie got up from the couch to go to the restroom. While she was gone, her brother took her seat. She returned to find him in her seat, and it angered her. She ended up wrestling her brother for the seat. While they wrestled, their little sister ended up taking the seat.
I started writing my response for the free-response question. Nancy was shaking from her desk since she didn't study well. After 10 minutes, she started to look at my paper. She began writing the same words. The teacher caught her and ended up suspending her from school.
Ted wanted a nice new car. His birthday was coming up. He decided to treat himself. He ended up shopping for a sports car. He ended up buying one for 40k.
Mary went to the store to buy turkey for dinner. Mary got to the meat section and found turkey on sale. Mary bought 3 whole turkeys. She decided she would store 2 in her freezer. Mary went home and enjoyed the turkey she bought for dinner.
Ben had few friends in school. Then he started bringing tins of mints to class. People would ask him for a mint. He would acquiesce and they'd socialize. Soon Ben was known as the Mint Man!
Harry didn't want to go to class because an oral report was due. In the classroom, the teacher called Harry to give his report. Harry stood at the podium and mumbled the words on his notes. His classmates started to snicker. Harry crumpled his paper and ran out the door of the class.
Tom had social anxiety. He didn't like ordering sandwiches at Subway. The last time he tried he couldn't say what he wanted. He just nodded his head to most things. Tom wound up eating a sandwich he didn't want.
Darryl and Lauren hired a photographer to shoot engagement photos. They spent a lot of time preparing and picking what to wear. On the day of the shoot, they drove to a nice grassy field. The photographer spent the next hour shooting them in different poses. The photos ended up turning out fantastic.
Jill was cooking dinner. She was making her husbands favorite dish. Her husband got home. Jill was too busy cleaning she burned the food. They ordered take out instead of the burnt food.
Dan loves to bet on sports. On some nights he wins a lot of money. This justifies his behavior and he ends up losing. Dan has debts to pay but cannot pay them. Dan is evicted and now is homeless.
Brent is a scared teen. He has a big secret to tell. He sits down with his parents. He looks them in the eyes. He tells them he is gay.
The boy had high jumped seven feet. That set a new record! All the competitors worked all season to beat it. The record stood at the end of the season. The boy was proud of his accomplishment.
I walked down the beach looking for shells. In the distance I spotted the perfect shell. I ran at it full speed but the water also rushed at it. I dove at the shell before the waves picked it up. As I rose I proudly brandished my prize.
My startup business needed a post office box. I researched post office boxes online. I signed up for the box at the post office. I paid for the box and key. Now I have a post office box for my new business.
Deacon was anxious to go on his yearly family trip. He was scared of heights and this year it was the grand canyon. When they finally arrived he was amazed at how big it was. He mustered up the courage and got down to see the sight. He was glad he did because it changed his life to appreciate landmarks.
Evan wanted a pair of jean shorts for the summer. He shopped around, but every store was too expensive. Then he decided to try to make his own. He carefully cut the legs off an old pair of jeans. Soon he had a homemade new pair of jean shorts!
Lauren decides to have friends over to eat brunch. She invites a few of her friends to her home. Together they eat eggs, bacon, and fruit. It is a great brunch. Lauren is happy she had some friends over for brunch.
Ari was walking home in the rain one day. He pulled out his umbrella and opened it. But the fierce wind bent it immediately! Ari's umbrella was almost unusable! He had to walk home bare-headed and get soaking wet!
Our group was given a map with instructions. We were following the directions to arrive to a certain place. Everyone moved passed the cafeteria and portables. Once we reached the targeted area, we used shovels to dig the ground. We noticed a treasure chest in the ground.
The music suddenly blared through the speakers. Sam took that as his cue to grab the mic. He sang his favorite song first. Then he sang his fiance's favorite song. The audience applauded loudly as he left the stage.
Tara was excited and nervous. She was getting ready to perform in front of the judges. They all watched her go through her routine. They gave her very high marks! Tara was relieved and proud.
Tetsujin Setsujin was arguing with his parents. He wanted to be a Samurai, but they argued those had no place anymore. Tetsujin stormed out of his home. When he was wandering, he met an old master. With the master's guidance, he landed a career doing swordplay.
Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings. His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important Tomas often fetched water, fed livestock, and cared for his siblings. Now that Tomas has children of his own he teaches them the same. Tomas is proud of his family and hopes to raise respectful children.
Brenda got her first credit card after she graduated. She bought all sorts of things on the card. Before long, she was in deep debt! She decided she would not use the card again until it was paid off. She eventually paid off the card and learned a valuable lesson.
My friend KC used to pretend like he was superman. He was on the high dive at the water park. He wore a cape. He held his hand out like Superman. Everyone cheered as he dove into the pool.
Fred decided to buy a new couch. He went to the furniture store and started to browse. He sat on a really comfy green couch. Fred decided that this was the couch he wanted. Fred bought the couch and took it home.
Ben liked bacon for breakfast. So when he came down for breakfast he was shocked. Only a box of cheerios was on the counter. He asked his mom why he didn't make him breakfast. She told him he was forty Year's old and he could do it himself.
I planted a garden in front of our home with Hostas and flowers. They grew well, but then looked mowed down one morning. The cycle repeated, so I waited up at night to catch my plant thief. I looked out one night into the faces of a herd of six deer. I moved the Hostas behind a fence and built a deer trough instead.
Helen checked out a few items at the supermarket. The cashier tried to swipe her credit card. Helen didn't believe the fact that her credit card was declined. She tried to argue with the cashier. In the meanwhile, other customers were yelling at Helen.
Last week I tried to be cute with my girlfriend. I made a snowball and threw it at her. I aimed for her back but she turned around. It hit her on the face somehow and she almost cried. She hasn't fully forgiven me.
Maddie had been ill with cancer. Her grandchild was predicted to arrive any day now. She wanted more than anything in the world to see it. She suffered through another round of therapy. Through sheer force of will Maddie survived to meet her granddaughter.
Gene's grandson loved playing in the dirt at the end of the driveway. He'd take his Tonka toy dump truck and play for hours. He especially loved it when it was muddy. His parents disapproved of him playing in such filth. Gene told his son that he did the same thing at his grandson's age.
Susie noticed there was a concert coming up. Problem was she could not afford it. Luckily she entered in a competition to win a ticket. To her delight, she won. She was very happy.
Tommy's secret hobby want to hike in unexplored locations. Two days ago he went up a hillside to an abandoned cabin. He went in, knowing no one had been there in over 10 years. To his surprise, a dog was using the old building as shelter. After giving it some food, he befriended the animal.
Trance was a professional ball player. His entire career he never made it to the championship. He bounced from team to team looking for a winner. Trance was traded to this team last year and gave them a try. This year his team went  to championship and  they won it too.
Ron suffers from chronic depression. He spends every day searching for a will to live. One day while grocery shopping, he met a girl named Sally. Sally became close friends with Ron and Ron enjoyed her company. Ron's search for a reason to live is over now that he's found Sally.
Larry decided he had had enough of working. He came up with a plan to rob a bank. Larry went to the bank and slipped the teller a note. The teller handed Larry all the money she could get. Larry ran off and lived in a luxurious beach house until he died.
It was a sunny and warm afternoon. I took my dog Ziggy to the dog park. When I arrived I was surprised to see there were no dogs there. Ziggy still had a good time playing fetch with the tennis ball. Once she was tired we went back home.
Andre had just put his food in the oven. He decided to read a book while he waited for it to cook. Andre was tired and fell asleep. His food stayed in the oven cooking too long. Andre woke up when he started to smell smoke from the oven.
Mary was watching her toddlers play when they got into some dirt. She needed to give both of them a bath so she went to run water. Then she noticed that her tub was filthy and full of grime. She quickly scrubbed it out to her satisfaction. Finally she was able to get the bath drawn and the kids clean.
Berta had a test at school. Tests always made her nervous, and this test was no different. She was worried she would do poorly. She did the best she could, and she took her time. Berta got an A on her test.
Karen and Stan found their dream house. They put in an offer and waited impatiently for an answer. Their realtor called while they were out and talked to their daughter. She told the daughter the results of the negotiation. Their daughter told them the good news when they got home.
Ryan was born with a speech impediment, he couldn't speak properly. When he got older, he went through speech therapy. The therapy didn't help, but we started playing baseball together. Soon enough, he was calling out base runs with no lisp! Being involved in the game distracted his brain and helped him.
I was throwing a birthday party for a friend. I wanted everything to be perfect. My friend told me I needed to relax and enjoy the party. I took a deep breath and started chatting with people. The party turned out great.
Mike is a homeless man. Man is looking through the trash. He sees a bag and opens it. The bag has over 100 thousand dollars in it. Mike takes the money and buys a place to live.
Chelsea wanted to make her mom an extra special birthday gift. She cut out a recipe for a cake the newspaper. She bought eggs, flour, sugar and icing from the store. She baked it while her mom was sleeping. The next morning she brought her mom cake in bed!
Dan intended to work hard on his favorite HIT. But he suddenly grew so tired he couldn't keep his eyes open. Dan hoped there'd be more tasks at some later point. For now though he'd be lucky to make it to his bed. Dan submitted his last one and turned off his computer.
My mom, sister and I once had a huge craving for cake. My mom decided to find ingredients and make us one! We waited patiently for the cake to cook. When it was finally done, we gathered around the table. We commenced to finish the whole cake in one sitting!
Skip is with his friends at the lake. Skip wishes he could join them. Skip doesn't know how to swim. While standing next to the lake one of his friends push him in. Skips falls in and almost drowns before one of his friends saves him.
Reba is driving home. She sees a deer in the road. She swerves to miss it. She runs her car off the road into a ditch. Reba crashes her car while avoiding hitting the deer.
I had some wine a while ago. I wanted to like it. But it tasted so bad. I wanted to vomit. I never wanted to drink again.
I was really stressed out from work. I got home and I got ready to take a shower. I was so sweaty from the long day. I decided I should take a long bath instead. The bath really helped ease my pain.
Tim wasn't a very smart kid. He loved staring at things. One day he became mesmerized by the sun. His parents didn't notice him staring until after hours. Tim lost much of his eyesight.
Tina went to the local fair. It was a brutally hot day. Tina did not like it. All of the sudden she got sick. She learned her lesson for coming.
Charlie is an only child. He has always wanted a baby brother to play with. He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day. One day Charlie's parents told him that they had very exciting news. Charlie will be getting a new brother in a few months!
Kelly wanted a dog. She asked her mother and her mother said yes! They went to the shelter and found the perfect pet. He was a very friendly lab mix. Kelly and her dog became best friends.
Kay and her Beth were bored in the summer. They sat on Beth's front porch and watched cars drive by. A VW beetle drove by and Beth hut Kay in the shoulder. She told her it was a bug and they were playing slug bug. Kay didn't know anything about slug bug but she didn't like the game.
The man went to the wedding. He didn't recognize anybody. He say by himself. The bride and groom walked down the aisle. The man realized he was at the wrong wedding.
Ray wanted to join the math team but he was not good at math. Everyday after school he would do many math problems. He then joined the math team. During one of their competitions there was a problem no one could do. Ray was able to solve it and his team won thanks to all his practice.
Fred was cooking a hamburger on the barbecue. The gas for the barbecue ran out before the hamburger was done. Fred asked his neighbor if he could borrow his propane tank. His neighbor did not want to lend him the propane. Fred ate a half cooked hamburger.
Chantel was riding her bike with her family. For some reason her bike seemed much slower and she was tired out. She couldn't understand why her bike was acting so weird. She stopped to inspect her bike carefully. Then she realized her back tire had been jammed, slowing her down.
Hudson was busy extolled the virtues of hard work. His lazy brother sat on the couch playing video games. Hudson paused and looked at the amazing graphics of the game. He sat down intrigued. His brother handed him a controller and they played games all day.
Meg was feeling sick. Her mom tucked her up in bed. Then she went to the kitchen. She cooked a big pot of chicken soup for Meg. Meg started feeling better as soon as she ate the soup!
Billy and John played out in the snow for hours. They didn't realize how cold they had gotten. When they went inside, Billy's mom had hot cocoa for them. It felt really good warming up their hands. And it tasted even better than it felt.
John Lennon was his favorite musician. In fact, one could say he was his idol. He kept lots of memorabilia of Lennon. He often sat and listened to his music. He felt the man had touched his very soul at times.
Tim was very tiny for his age and got bullied. He was very fed up with his bully and decided to confront him. The bully just laughed because Tim was so small. But Tim used his arms to trip up the bully's long legs. The bully fell hard and never messed with Tim again.
My mom had a sudden craving for McNuggets and went to McDonalds. When she and my dad got home, her water broke. Something wasn't right. I was holding onto the cord and clamping down with my fists. I was born via cesarean section less than 2 hours later.
Eileen's shopping trip at the new grocery store had taken a long time. In a hurry, she hopped in her car but saw many people behind her. She decided to pull forward out of her spot instead of backing out. But she hadn't realized there was a small curb in front of her! She was embarrassed when everyone saw her car get stuck over the curb.
The kids at Avian Park, a poor township, were fun but also mischievous. They loved to cuddle with us, but hated accepting correction. One day a little girl was being a bully and I corrected her. She became intensely angry with me and moved far from me. I wanted to reconcile, but eventually I just let her be angry.
Beth's Thanksgiving was going to be perfect. She spent all day cooking, expecting her guests at 4. At 2 she opened the oven the baste the turkey. She had forgotten to turn the oven on. Everyone was a good sport about eating a few hours later than planned.
I broke my old earbuds by dropping them. For once I decided to buy a nicer pair of earbuds. The pair I purchased cost twice as much as my old pair. I couldn't detect any difference in sound quality. They lasted a year or two and then I went back to my old brand.
Jon wanted to become a navy seal. He went to a navy recruiter. The recruiter accepted Jon. Jon went through navy seals boot camp. Alas, Jon was killed in a live-fire exercise.
Wine is Sandy's favorite drink. She treated herself every Saturday. Until one Saturday she was too sad to drink. Her friend Peggy came over and cheered her up. They then went out for drinks.
Kiki wanted to learn to play the piano. Her brother played piano well. She asked her brother to teach her. Her brother agreed. Kiki eventually became very good at the piano!
Jenny was driving her car to work one morning. She saw a box sitting beside the road, with a puppy inside. She stopped her car and went over to investigate. The puppy jumped up and wagged his tail at Jenny. Jenny gave him a big hug, took him home, and adopted him.
My dog, Annabelle, was looking a bit shaggy. I decided I would give her a haircut. I plugged in the clippers, but they wouldn't seem to work. I tried a different outlet, but to no avail. Unfortunately, I had to finish the entire haircut using scissors.
My teacher took the class to recess. I was instantly decided and decided to run into the sand. A saw my friends to the left and decided to look that way. In a couple of seconds, I ran into a pole in front of me. I was knocked unconscious for several minutes.
Martin was doing his taxes. He was concerned about all the write offs. He decided not to waste anymore time. He paid everything in full. He was relaxed though and that's all that mattered.
Daniel left a stove burner on with a pot on it. The pot became very hot and melted the plastic handle. The plastic melted onto the burner and filled the kitchen with smoke. Daniel heard the fire alarm and grabbed a fire extinguisher. Daniel had put the fire out and learned not to leave the stove top on.
James was searching for oil in North Dakota. His funding was running low and he was running out of time. James decided to use his own funds to continue the search. Thankfully, after two months James struck an oil deposit! James sold the oil for a very nice profit!
Dave bought an old chair at an antique store. The chair was beat up but Dave took it home anyway. He sat down in the chair at home and heard a crack. Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell. Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair.
Lesley was late for the school football game. She hurried to make it in time. Lesley tripped over a stick. She twisted her ankle. Lesley had to have her ankle treated by the school nurse.
Anna was playing football in gym at school. She tossed the ball to her teammate. But he didn't catch it - it caught him! It hit him on the cheek. He ended up with a big purple bruise!
The Merkle's always went to grandmas for Christmas. They packed the car full of gifts. And drove down to grandmas house out in the country. When they arrived, grandma was happy to see them. They spent the next week at grandma's like usual.
Brendan went to buy a toy for his nephew. He bought a batman action figure. His nephew told him he was a spiderman fan. Brendan said tough nuggets. He realized his nephew was spoiled.
Allie went to the salon. She wanted to get her nails done. She got a pretty pink color. When she walked out, she chipped them. She was so upset.
Donna was late to her hospital job. She walked to her car. A giant explosion of confetti happened, covering Donna. Donna's brother laughed hysterically. Donna had to go back inside and change her clothes.
Jay didn't like going to school. He had a reputation of skipping school. Jay decided to skip school again yesterday. The principle called his parents. Jay got into lots of trouble and was grounded.
Amy was going to graduate from high school. She was visited by an armed forces recruiter. She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter. She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over. After a day she decided not to join the Army.
Kyle had known he was gay since before he knew what that word meant. He grew up in a religious household where homosexuality was taboo. He would agonize internally about his feelings, and kept them hidden. It wasn't until he was twenty-one that he came out to his family. Kyle's family was shocked at first, but they loved him for who he was.
David drove into a parking garage in an unfamiliar city. The garage was empty because it was closed. He couldn't drive out because the gate was locked. David walked out and found someone driving. The stranger drove to the gate so it would open, which let David exit.
Mother decided to have George help her make brownies. George loved to cook, especially baking sweets. His Mother had him carefully measure the ingredients into the bowl. George helped his Mother mix the ingredients together. After all the hard work George enjoyed some delicious brownies.
John was sitting at home. He was really bored. He was trying to think of what he could do. John took out his laptop and started typing away. He had started his first ever novel.
Martha was driving on the highway. She was on the way to see her mother. Smoke started pouring out of her car. She pulled over on the side of the road. She had to call a tow truck to get her car towed.
Tom loved ice skating. He invited a friend to do it. The friend didn't know how. Tom pushed him too hard. The friend fell and hurt himself.
Carter always enjoyed birthdays. He like the cake and presents the most. One day, he found out that his cake was missing. He searched for it throughout the house. Then, he found it in the fridge.
Bailey was from a little town in the south. When he graduated from college he moved way up north. He woke one morning to a thick blanket of snow covering his driveway. Stepping out onto it he quickly learned there was ice underneath! Bailey fell on his bottom because it was so slick.
Mike was very good at guitar. He had been playing most of his life. He saw an ad for a band that needed a guitar player. He auditioned for them and won the part. The band went on to be very successful, playing to large crowds.
Kelly was excited to get her new apartment. She had been searching for one for the longest time. When she found the one she wanted, she was thrilled. She got to move in the next day. She ended up loving it.
When we kids our parents did not read us bedtime stories. One night i can't sleep so i asked my father to read story for me. But he didn't. But he told us story about their lives when he was just a kid. Then i realized true stories were better than reading bedtime stories.
The Lee family was having appliances installed. Momma Lee sent the noisy children outside to play. On the curb they found cardboard boxes the appliances had arrived in. The kids pulled them into the backyard. They were able to spend hours playing and using their imaginations.
Zach liked to play the trumpet. There was a recital at his church. He picked out a song. He practiced very hard. His family came to watch.
Steve had a lot of parking tickets. He paid them off and thought nothing of them. But then he got a letter from his insurance policy. They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets! Steve, dejected, resolved to be more careful in the future.
Sarah wanted to be more healthy. She started eating more vegetables and less fast food. Every morning Sarah went for a run. Soon her clothes became looser! Sarah was very proud of herself for losing 15 pounds.
Mikey was a popular kid at his school. He was very concerned about his appearance at all times. Mikey's dentist informed him he needed to have braces. Mikey was devastated by the news. When he got his braces he was surprised that no one teased him.
Anna was doing laundry. She washed everything and dried it. But as she went to put everything away she noticed something. As usual, many of her socks were missing their mates! Anna decided to hand-wash her socks from now on!
Fern was walking to the supermarket. On her way there she seen a homeless man. He did not have any shoes on. Fern offered to accompany him to the shore store and buy him a pair. The man was so grateful and enjoyed his new shoes.
Barry was an amateur singer. Barry's friend recommended that he participate in a open mic night. Barry decided to participate at such an event at a local bar nearby. Barry decided to sing a song by Michael Jackson for the event. Barry was shocked by the positive response he received by the audience.
Kathy was very hungry. All she had near her were almonds. She started eating them. All the sudden she was gone. She had none left.
Gary was sad that he was divorcing his wife. However, Gary knew his wife was in love with someone else. At the proceedings, Gary and his ex wife agreed on things amicably. After the proceedings, Gary wished his ex wife the best, and left. Gary was sad, but glad they could resolve things amicably.
Tim thought it was a great day to play outside with his friends. They decided to play basketball. They met at the park. When they got there, it began to rain. They went to Tim's house and play video games instead.
There was a jar of jelly beans in the school office. Whoever guessed closest to the number in it won them all! Bonnie visited the office every morning to look at the jar. Finally she put in her estimate of 1,435 jelly beans. She won when the real number of 1,482 was revealed.
Beth was in the park feeding the birds. When she was finished she put the bird seed back in her pocket. The bag seed was in had a hole in the corner and spilled on her coat. Just then a bird swooped in low as Beth watched him. The bird missed Beth, but she ran to her car anyway.
Bob was a fellow I met at a festival. Me and him talked for several hours. After we were done he got up and started throwing stuff in the air. I saw him later and he was tossing an axe in the air. Somehow he didn't drop it once.
Jake loved to play video games. He was playing his Xbox in his living room. All of a sudden his cat knocked over his Xbox console. His Xbox fell and shattered on the ground. Jake bought a brand new Xbox afterwards to replace his broken one.
Charles liked fashion. He wished he had money so he could buy more clothes. He took photos in the name brand fashion he owned. He posted the photos on Facebook. Two days later a clothing company e-mailed him for a modeling job.
I was 6 years old. I was playing baseball. I stood too close behind the batter. He swung and knocked my head with the bat. I had to get 4 stitches.
The host came to the stage. He called up the winner. This was the last award of the night so the lady said her speech. She acknowledged a few people. Then she took a bow and went to her seat.
I was playing with my dog. I noticed that my dog was very dirty. I brought him outside to clean him. I sprayed him with the hose and put shampoo in his fur. I brought him inside and dried him off.
The girls were headed out of town. They were going to go to a waterpark. THey loved riding water slides. When they got there, they made a beeline for the biggest ride. It was going to be a great day!
Daniel thought it was a good idea to wash the blankets on his bed. He load the washing machine as full as it would go. He put soap in the washer and shut the lid. Later he went to get the clothes out of the washer. The load was to full and Daniel broke the washing machine.
Bev was sad when she didn't make the cheer squad her freshman year She vowed to make it next year. She started tumbling lessons. The next year at tryouts it went much better. She easily made the team.
She was showing her son old photos. Pictures of her family, her childhood, the boy as a baby. Afterwards she was sitting thoughtfully. "Look towards the future mommy, not towards the past" the boy said. "The past will take you to the dark side  like Darth Vadar."
Jackie took the Megabus to New York City two days before Christmas. After Jackie got off the bus, she saw hundreds of Santa Clauses! She walked towards the Santas to get a closer look at their outfits. The Santas leered drunkenly at her as she approached. Jackie realized that they were part of a SantaCon bar crawl.
I was by my grandmother's side when she passed. She was sleeping quietly in the hospital. We were all sitting around her talking. I looked at her and realized she wasn't breathing. Her monitor flatlined soon after.
Whitney was getting ready for work. She just got out of the shower. She plugged her hair dryer up to dry her hair. When she did that, her dryer stopped working. The heating element in her dryer bumped out.
Jill and Greg went to go buy a Christmas tree. They found a good batch that some Boy Scouts were selling nearby. After looking high and low, they found the perfect tree. They tied their new to to their car to transport it home. Unfortunately, it fell off while driving home and was ruined.
It rained hard. The roof started leaking. They put a bucket under the leak. The bucket got kicked over. The floor got soaked.
It was really hot outside. I was extremely thirsty. I went to a vending machine. I got my change out of my pocket. I bought a water bottle.
Tim's mom dropped him off at school in the morning. It was his first day of preschool. They hadn't been separated this long. Time ran off into class excited. His mother wept in the car for an hour.
Judy and her daughter made their way to New York City. They hadn't been there since the towers had come down. They made their way to the newly erected memorial. They each grieved, one for a husband, one for a father. Judy at last made peace with her loss.
Neil was visiting Mongolia. His tour guide took him to see traditional homes, called yurts. Then he saw real yaks. He even took a drink of yak milk! Neil thought Mongolia had the most unique culture in Asia!
My family decided to take a trip across the country. Dad inspected the car and found out it wasn't safe to drive that far. He went to the rental place and came back with a giant RV. We all packed into the RV. The RV trip was the most memorable vacation we ever took.
Manda was an arts and crafts expert. Her friends frequently came to her for creative ideas. They encouraged her to open her own Etsy shop. She was flattered, but didn't think she could do it. Once she gave it a try, she ended up selling 20 crafts in a week!
Bob was helping his girlfriend paint her nails. He told her it was easy, no problem! But as he started to paint, he slopped polish all over her fingers. When he finished, her hands were a mess! Bob realized he was pretty bad at nail-painting, after all.
Lee was asleep in bed one morning. Suddenly he realized that he was very late for work. He jumped out of bed, confused about how this had happened. Then he realized that his alarm clock was broken. He made sure to buy a new one that same day.
Dan recently went to a nightclub with some friends. At the club, Dan saw a pretty blonde woman he liked. Dan decided to ask the woman for a dance. As Dan began to ask, and the woman turned around, Dan screamed. Dan realized he was asking his sister Denise for a dance at the club.
Jesse was a cook at a restaurant. He sat in the chef computer room using the computer a lot. His chef replace his computer with a drop in laptop with a monitor. Jesse plugged the old box into the new monitor. He could now use the computer again.
I bought a build-it-yourself computer desk. I emptied the contents out onto the floor. I stared at them for what seemed like a long time. My little brother came home a few hours later. He put together my computer desk for me.
In 2013 a paint bar opened down the street from our home. People were invited to paint and drink. This place could not get a liquor license. They offered non alcoholic drinks. The store failed in 2015.
Dylan was out for lunch with his family. Inside the restaurant, he realized that it was St Patrick's Day. The place was offering a free sandwich to anyone in green. Dylan tried to find something green on himself, but couldn't. Then he remembered that he had green shoelaces, and got his sandwich.
Tim's car broke down. He couldn't get it fixed because he wasn't getting enough work hours. He wasn't getting enough hours because he didn't have transportation. Tim had to take the bus to work. It took him months to get enough money to fix his car.
I felt tired after work and decided to take a bath. I went to the bathroom and turned on the bath water. I began to take my clothes off and get into the bath. When I stuck my toes in the water, I was burned on accident. I lowered the temperature of the water and went back into the tub.
Tony decided to play a prank on his teacher. He put a thumbtack on her chair. She sat down then jumped right back up again with a big yell. Tony didn't realize it would hurt so much. He did not admit to being the one who did it.
Yves wanted chocolate but his pantry was empty. The chocolate store was too far away. Yves decided to make chocolate instead. He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate. Unfortunately, the chocolate burnt and Yves couldn't eat it.
My friend Joann did not like chocolate growing up. She liked white chocolate only. She started changing after she got pregnant. She developed a craving for dark chocolate. Now she does not like white chocolate!
Lynn's friends were sleeping over. They hadn't been to sleep and it was now time for breakfast. Lynn's mom commented that they looked tired. Lynn realized she was starting to feel sleepy. She fought through the sleep to finish her breakfast.
I was always quiet when I was a small child. Come fifth grade, I learned to really open my mouth. With talking came a little bit of bullying from the normally quiet me. As time passed I learned that it's not good to say all that you think. I decided that I would only speak when what I say is true and helpful.
John was a clarinet teacher. He prepared his student to play a recital. His student called him in a day of the recital. He told him he was sick. John did not believe he said the truth.
Carl was told he was fat last summer. It motivated him to work out. He worked out for a year. He saw that same person. Carl was told he lost weight.
Sam was watching television in the living room. He decided to make a snack and eat on the couch. Unfortunately he accidentally spilled his snack. It made a big stain on the couch. His parents were upset and made him clean it.
I was once trying to study for an exam. I was working on it for a few hours when I started hearing voices. They started getting louder and freaked me out a bit. I turned around looking for the source, but saw nothing. But it was then my roommate jumped out and showed himself.
Jane was on a road trip. She pulled over to get gas. On the way out she headed the wrong way. It took her an hour to figure it out. Her other passengers were visibly upset.
Gill got hit behind her by a rock. The rock had a note on it. It said I know what you've did. Gill panicked and went to the police. Her report was rejected by the police team.
Cindy hadn't studied for her geography exam. She was nervous about taking the test in the next period. Cindy pulled the fire alarm to get out of the class. A teacher had seen Cindy pull the alarm. Cindy was given suspension for her actions.
I played basketball yesterday. One of the opponents disrespected my teammate. I decided to get back at him. When I had the chance, I ran up to the rim and dunked on him. My teammates were all laughing, and I did too.
The passengers on the subway first noticed the man wasn't moving. As they looked closer, they saw blood covering his t-shirt. They thought: oh no, a murder victim! Quickly they call the police. Turned out, it was a drunk guy coming home from a Halloween party.
Jim's dad and uncles were all military men. When Jim began high school he wished to be like the men in his family. Jim secretly joined the ROTC. Jim trained hard and advanced in the ROTC. Upon graduation, Jim proudly presented his dad with his ROTC medals.
Sam's soccer practice had not gone according to her plans. She had had to take off her princess high heels. There had been a lot of running and chasing after a ball. After practice, she told her mom that she didn't like sweating. It was the last and only practice she ever attended.
Larry's buddy invited him to visit Australia. Larry opened his web browser to read about the country. Minutes passed as he stared, frozen, at his monitor. Trembling, he politely declined the offer. Larry knew his arachnophobia couldn't easily be cured.
Casey thought that her toddler had been unusually quiet. She went to check on him and found him with a tub of formula. The powder was all over the place including in his hair and clothes. She didn't know what to do, she felt like screaming at the huge mess. Finally she calmed down and began cleaning the mess up.
One day I was watching some tv with my little brother. My little brother was being silly as usual. He decided to be funny and throw water balloon at me. The water balloon missed me and hit the tv. The tv the fizzled and was broken.
Sarah had to buy a gift for her nephew, Ryan. She went to the store but could not find anything good. She decided to order a toy online. A box arrived at her door the next week. Ryan opened the present on his birthday.
Such decided to have a dinner party. She was quite interested in it. Three of her friends agreed. Unfortunately there was a snow storm. So she had to cancel.
Sam was feeling lonely. He decided to cheer himself up with a new pet. He went to the pet store on the weekend. He picked out a red colored parrot that he took home. Sam was no longer lonely with his new pet parrot.
Andrea's dog barked all the time. She bought a muzzle for it. It was finally quiet! As soon as she took it off of him, he barked more. Andrea was at her wit's end.
Johann wakes up feeling sleepy. He decides to make a cup of coffee. Johann beings by grinding some coffee beans. He makes a delicious cup of coffee. Johann is happy not to feel sleepy any longer.
I wanted juice to drink. However none was in the kitchen. I looked everywhere. I then came to a realization. I decided that water was just as good as juice.
Jim got a new backpack for school. The first day he wore it other kids bullied him. They took the backpack and threw it in the mud. Jim was heartbroken. He cried and cleaned it before his mom found out.
Rhonda got a new apartment. She already moved all of her stuff over there. We are going to visit her tomorrow. I hope we don't get lost on our way. I have never been to that side of the city.
Tom was running for election. He was up against a terrible candidate. Tom's opponent didn't know anything about policy. He was also full of scandals. It was still a close race, though.
Jake wanted to grow up and become a lawyer. He was a small-town boy from a family of farmers. No one thought he could really do it. But Jake became the first in his family to attend college. And then he became the first in his family to pass the bar exam!
My friends and I were regulars at a Mexican restaurant. There were six of us. The waiter remembered all of our regular orders. I was surprised. People in our group came and went.
Justin had a new job. He worked at the movie theater. His first day of work, he sold tickets to five hundred people. He never realized the movie theater was so busy! He really liked his new job.
It was winter. I had not seen direct sunlight for many weeks. One morning, the clouds dissipated and the sun shone brightly. I stepped outside in the fresh morning air. The sun made me feel happy and rejuvenated.
Carol woke up in the middle of the night. A loud noise jolted her awake. She went to investigate. She noticed a cat had dropped a potted plant. It broke and made the cat screech.
Bob borrowed his friend's boat without asking. He fished from the boat for four hours. When he returned the boat he left his wallet. His friend got angry that Bob had borrowed the boat. Bob bought him some beer and was forgiven.
Marsha and her brother were swimming at her grandma's pool. She had blonde hair. She forgot to wash her hair after swimming. Marsha's brother told her to look in the mirror. Marsha saw that her hair had turned green.
Rufus hates doing his math homework. He would much rather play video games all night. However, his mom makes him turn off the games and do homework. He finally finishes his math homework late at night. When he is finished, he is too tired to play games again.
Kevin saw an endangered animal on the hiking trail. He called wildlife support and told them. Kevin stuck around and made sure the animal was ok. Wildlife support came and saved the animal, and thanked Kevin. They told him there were only 10 left in the world!
Helga was cooking hamburgers on her grill for friends. She kept the grill very hot to cook them faster. All of the burgers came out well done. None of her friends liked their burger cooked that much. Everyone had a few bites to look polite.
Lola was playing in the snow all morning. Then her mom called her in to warm up. Lola hurried in for a cup of hot cocoa. When she drank it, she felt much warmer. Then she hurried back outside to play!
There once was a man that lived in a forest The forest was home to hundreds of animals He found a wounded deer in his path After mending the deers wounds he went on his way to his house The deer went on to have a full life and had a lovely deer family
Ray was in a new play. He was the protagonist. He was nervous but very excited. When he got on stage, he felt life inside of him. Everyone cheered and loved the performance.
Henry's family decided to buy a new minivan. They wanted something roomy and with good gas mileage. When they decided on one they went to the dealership. Once there they haggled on the price and bought one. It wasn't exactly what they wanted but they were happy.
Thad was used to being alone as single child in his household. He longed to have friends. One day while walking home from school he saw a boy scout poster. He asked his parents if he could join. Thad now has plenty of friends in the boy scouts.
One day Jackson went to Roswell, New Mexico. First he went to the UFO Center. Then he went to the Bottomless Lakes State Park. Then he stargazed for UFOs, but didn't see anything. He had a great time.
Roger's stomach was hurting. He thought that maybe he was hungry but eating did not help. He took some medication and laid down for awhile. After a few hours, his stomach ache was gone. Roger was able to enjoy the rest of his day.
Candy would walk everyday in the park. She would get upset when it would rain and she couldn't walk. Candy decided to buy a treadmill. Candy continued to walk when it was sunny. When it rained, she was able to use the treadmill.
I was 8 years old. I was at a cub scout meeting. Us boys were roughhousing. I was tripped into a door. My mouth needed 4 stitches.
Kevin logged onto his sister's Facebook account. And he added several male strangers as friends. Over time, a few of these strangers began to trust Kevin. And he asked them to buy games for him. Kevin felt a sense of pride for tricking these strangers.
Frank was a big drinker. One night Frank and his friend had a drinking contest. Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends. Near the end they both could barely stand. Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile.
Jane was playing truth or dare with her friends. Through the game she had revealed that she was hiding a huge secret. All of her friends urged her to tell the secret but Jane refused. Finally, someone dared her and she had no choice but to tell. Jane reluctantly admitted that she had stolen her friends coat.
Isaac bought a new china vase. He sat it on the shelf in his dining room. He opened his windows to let in the spring breeze. Then he heard a loud crash. A bird had flown in and tipped the vase onto the floor.
Fran and Burt rose early to continue their state fair adventures. They needed to get their animals ready for the judging. They had started without knowing how to get to the pens. Fran and Burt led their animals along, but were soon lost. After stopping to ask for directions, they arrived at the animal pens.
Tim always had fruit loops in the morning. One day he ran out of his favorite cereal. He looked all over but couldn't find any. Tim finally broke down and started cooking oatmeal. He grimaced as he finished his breakfast then started his day.
Mike was petting his dog. He saw a speck moving around on the dog's head. Then he saw a thousand specks. Oh no, Mike thought. He drove to the petstore and bought some flea medication.
Anne was late at work. She decided to stop for doughnuts before heading for the elevator. When she arrived on her floor, her boss was waiting for her. She apologized profusely but her boss was still angry. She offered the box of doughnuts and her boss smiled.
Nick and Cara moved in together. Nick has a dog and Cara also had one. The two pets did not get along at first. Nick and Cara took them both to an obedience class. Now both dogs get along fine.
Chris wanted money for a new bike. His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores. Chris did the chores he was asked to do. His dad gave him the extra allowance. Chris was able to get his new bike.
Josh had the grill going. He put a huge steak on it. He grilled it until it was medium-well. He put it on the plate and got ready to take a bite. He'd looked forward to this all day!
Lisa was quite nervous to get her ears pierced for the first time. She walked into Claire's with her mother and sat on the chair. The sales person grabbed the earring gun and put it in her lobe. Lisa was surprised the pain did not hurt at all. She looked in the mirror at her new earrings and was happy.
Sally was using a kite. It landed into the tree. She took a ladder from the garage and placed it on the tree trunk. She climbed to the top of the tree to take the frisbee. She was using it again and it landed in the trash this time.
Chris was struggling in English class. Chris decided to hire a tutor. Chris' tutor helped him tremendously. Chris was happy working with his tutor. Chris saw his grade improve in English class.
Johnny kept thinking the Armageddon was coming. He spent his life savings on canned goods. The Armageddon didn't come. Now he's eating Beanie Weenies every day. He bought a lot of Beanie Weenies.
Danny was cooking food He took a break and waited on his computer. The food burned and started a fire. He saw it late and couldn't stop it. He had to call the cops
I was playing baseball at school. I touched first base. I went right past second base. They said I was out. You have to touch all of the bases.
Michelle's dog had puppies. One puppy was brown with a black mask on her face, like a brown panda. When Michelle's dad said she could keep her, Panda became her name. As Panda grew, over time her mask faded away. When asked about her name, she smiled because it was their secret.
Sarah was making corned beef. She didn't know how to do it but tried her best. She followed a simple recipe. When it was done, she tried a bite. Unfortunately, the beef came out tasting bad.
Gabe went golfing with his friends. Gabe was a terrible golfer. All of his friends were much better than him. His friends comforted him with the fact that it was just a game. They all laughed it off and kept playing.
Tyrone was working at his job in a local restaurant. He was taking out the trash when he noticed a cop pull into the alley. Tyrone got very nervous because it was very strange. The cop stopped Tyrone and frisked him against the wall. When Tyrone tried to explain himself the cop tased him and jailed him.
Chris was not looking forward to going to the symphony. His whole class was going. He had to get dressed up for school that day. He sat in the audience expecting to be bored. But he loved it and talked about it all the next day.
Lisa had something in her eye. She rinsed it out with eyedrops. It was still there. She looked at it in the mirror. She blinked until the eye thing was gone.
I found a book for little girls. It was filled with princess stories. I took it home and read it to my daughter every night. She was enthralled with the adventures. She asked me to read a new story every night.
The daughter stole five dollars from her mom. Her mom noticed the money was missing. She asked her daughter if she could trust her. Her daughter knew she was caught. She returned the money to her mom.
Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year's. Although she once loved her husband, she now finds him boring. Finally she consults a lawyer and files papers for a divorce. The divorce is very painful for both Janis and her husband. However, when the divorce is complete, Janice feels free.
Annie was very prone to headaches. She would get them when she worked herself very hard. Her days off were often spent recovering from bad migraines. It took her years to reduce the pain they cause her. Her remedy was to practice meditation 3 times a day.
James always was a good student, until one fateful report card. It was Senior year in High School, and he began slacking off for fun. He never was the class clown, but he felt the need to do silly things. After reflecting on this, he realized he needs to fix this. He began studying hard and hoped to reverse his scores quickly.
After a long wrestling practice, Hunter was incredibly hungry. He drove to his favorite local restaurant. Hunter ordered two chicken sandwiches and a large salad. Within minutes, Hunter had devoured all of the food. He was so full that he didn't even have room for dessert.
David was really anxious to get the new video game. He played it for hours and hours. David started getting into arguments with other players. One night, he parents overheard him yelling and cursing. They confiscated the game indefinitely and grounded David.
Zach wanted ice cream but he was sick. His girlfriend walked to the store to get him some. She tried to rush the ice cream back home to him. By the time it got there though, it had melted all over. Luckily, Zach still enjoyed the melty mess.
Sarah was traveling on vacation. She was lost and did not know how to get back to her hotel. She had lost her smartphone the night previously. She bought a tourist map at a store nearby. She used it to navigate to her hotel successfully.
Maria's sixteenth birthday was arriving. She was a great kid and didn't ask for much. Maria's friends were turning 16 as well. Her friends were making big birthday request of their parents. Maria had the biggest party and her friends were jealous.
Samantha really liked the warm weather of Florida. She saved all year long so she could take a vacation there. Samantha went to Miami in the Fall. There was a bad hurricane during her trip. Samantha never wants to go to Florida again.
Tim always wanted to drive a red car. When his current car broke down he decided to get a new one. Tim started looking for the perfect red car. He looked at every dealership in the area. Tim eventually found and purchased the perfect red car.
I was feeling so tired yesterday. So I went and bought a coffee. The coffee tasted so good. I immediately did not feel tired. Thankfully it made me feel better.
Ellie went to bingo with her granny once a month. She felt frustrated because she never won. Just once she wanted to get to shout out bingo. As she sat with her card, the caller called her missing number. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs!
My husband and I went to the movies. We drove to the theater. And we bought movie tickets at the box office. Both of us went to the theater. We sat and watched the movie.
Toni bought a potato. She couldn't decide to eat it or not. She decided to eat it. She put it in the oven. She ate it later.
Zoe loved reading. She wanted to be an author when she grew up. Zoe practiced writing every day. She took all the writing classes she could. She published her first book when she was twenty-two.
Becky had a kitten named Lucky. She loved Lucky with all her heart. Lucky liked to play and hide in the bathroom floor. Becky's dad stepped on Lucky's head when he went into the bathroom. Lucky died that day from a crushed skull.
Stan's family was going to Adventureland. They checked  in to their  hotel. The first day they went to the waterpark. The second day they went to the amusement park. Stan refused to ride any of the scary rides.
It was a dark night. Ed was driving home from work. Suddenly a rainstorm began obscuring his vision. Ed decided to pull over. He waited until it was safe before he drove again.
I joined the Navy. I was on rotation in Ecuador. I hated the job so I filed for a request to change locations. My chief petty officer said I wasn't good enough for anything else. That angered me so I hit him and was arrested by the military police.
Pauline always feels sleepy at client dinners. She needs to entertain clients, but she hates staying up late. One night she takes clients to a steakhouse and barely stays awake. Finally everyone goes home after eating. Pauline is extremely happy to be able to go to sleep.
I made fried rice for the first time this week. After I cooked it too long, it got a little burnt. Everyone said they loved the fried rice. I'm not sure if they were telling the truth. Maybe they just wanted me to feel good.
Peter wanted to visit Ireland during the summer. He planned his trip in advance and booked his hotel room. He was ready to leave when he learned of terrorists attack over there. He cancelled his flight and stayed home. He watched movies about Ireland instead all summer.
The new boy in the class was getting a new desk. The janitor brought it in and set it up. The desk was brand new. Gina looked at her old desk which was covered with scratches. Now, she hated the new boy even more than before.
Everyone wanted the recipe. I couldn't share the entire thing with them. I explained my grandmother would be angry if I did. I gave it to them anyway, under condition that they not tell her. She ended up finding out and yelling at me.
Tyler wanted to cook Thanksgiving dinner for his family. He spent the whole day in the kitchen. He chopped, whipped, boiled and baked. Then he eagerly served his meal to his hungry family. Everyone told Tyler it was the best meal they'd ever tasted!
Maisie got a new dog named Nyxie. Nyxie was a rescue dog from the streets. Maisie let Nyxie explore the whole house and yard. The vet checked over Nyxie and said she was healthy. Maisie is glad to be Nixie's forever home.
Rocco decided that he wanted to live a healthier life. His first step was to quit smoking. Rocco threw away his cigarettes. The first week was the hardest. Rocco was able to quit smoking for good.
Tim was walking around downtown. A street magician approached him. The magician did an amazing trick. Tim wondered how he did it. He wound up looking it up online.
Kelly just got engaged yesterday. She couldn't believe how beautiful the ring was. She kept it securely around her finger, or so she thoughts. When she went to the beach today she ended up losing it. Thankfully though, the lifeguard found it in the end.
The tiny corgi was often abused at the animal shelter. The worker who was underpaid and overworked took out his anger on him. He would forget to feed him meals and beat him for barking a tiny bit. One day the corgi escaped through a door that was not closed securely. The man was arrested when the investigation saw the video and abuse.
Angie loved makeup. She spent lots of time trying new looks on her face. Angie really wanted to find a job that involved makeup. She applied at Mac Cosmetics in her local mall. Angie was hired and became their best makeup artist.
Tom wanted to do good in his computer class this semester. He made sure to go through every assignment thoughtfully. Tom made sure he could do every task in the assignments. When his final project came he was relaxed because it was all familiar. Tom recalled all of his knowledge to complete his final project.
There was a friendly old man who lived down in apartment 12. Nobody really knew too much about him. One day I heard an ambulance coming to our complex. The old man had died that day. Inside his apartment they found out he was a Serial killer.
May has an irrational fear of clowns. She told her roommate, Jessie, about this fear. Jessie decided to prank May by capitalizing on this fear. Jessie had her friends dress up like clowns. They all burst into her room one night and scared May witless!
I have been saving up to buy a new motorcycle. I finally found one to buy and went to buy it. I hopped on it to ride it home. On the way home I lost my balance and wrecked. I ended up breaking both arms and totaling my new bike.
Heidi was a nice girl who'd not learned about hygiene and cosmetics. She told the girls in her dorm her hair always felt weird. Her roommate Beth asked what sort of shampoo she was using. Heidi showed her the bottle. It wasn't shampoo, it was body lotion.
Mary went to the grocery store. She made out a shopping list so she would not forget anything. At the store, she forgot to double check her list. Once home, she realized she had forgotten to get milk. She was annoyed because she had to return  to the store.
We were driving home when we saw a mound of something in the street. We looked carefully and saw that it was a big turtle! We got out of the car and tried to lure it to the side of the road. It suddenly leapt up and snapped at my husband's foot! We love a turtle neighbor, but will be more careful next time!
Brent and his friends went to the Beach and played in the sand. When Brent arrived back home, he tracked sand into the house. His wife screamed and cried because of the mess he made. Brent cleaned up the sand and promised not to make a mess again. Brent learned to clean up after his own messes.
Mark got home from work. When he got home, he noticed a slip on his door from the post office. He had forgotten he was expecting a package that day. His package had been taken back to the post office. He ran to the nearby post office where he retrieved his package.
Jason and Terry looked forward to the new Roller Coaster all winter. The first day of spring, they went to the park which was open now. They were not first in line, but still the line was not that bad. They both got a little nervous as they approached the front. As they rode that first hill, they knew it was well worth the wait.
I spent the weekend potty training my son. He sat on the toilet while I read him books. When he peed I gave a candy as a reward. The process took a lot of time. I was very proud of his progress.
Lindsey hid in her closet. She thought she heard a noise in her apartment. She stayed there for over an hour. She finally ventured out to take a look. A tree branch was hitting against the window outside.
Angie's teacher promised a prize for solving the most jumbled words. Angie racked her brain, working hard to win the prize. The teacher announced Angie got the most words of anyone. The teacher said the prize was taking home the class Christmas tree. Angie's dad was mad he had to bring the car to take home the tree.
Gina's friend Tami had a new unicorn folder. Gina wanted to know where she got it. But the teacher was talking to the class. Gina tried to whisper to ask where she got it. But she stopped when she saw the teacher scowling at her.
Jane bought new nail polish. As she was painting her nails, her cat ran by. The cat knocked over the polish. Jane could not get the puddle of polish up. She now has a pink mark on her floor.
I took my son Frank to the bank with me. I gave the teller a handful of money to deposit in my account. I then grabbed two Lollipop's and gave one to Frank. Frank looked at me with a crazy look. Frank said this candy better be good because it cost a lot.
Jeff is a strict manager. He doesn't let anyone break the rules. But a cute girl named Jennifer flirts with Jeff at work. Jeff will let Jennifer get away with anything. A coworker was upset and reported Jeff to the owner.
Allison applied to three colleges, during her senior year. Every day, she went online to check the status of her applications. She also checked her mailbox when she got home from school. One day, she checked her email and saw a message from UNC. She opened the email and realized she had a college acceptance.
Jake finished pumping gas and went into the store to pay. While he was paying he decided to get a lottery ticket. He went home that night and forgot all about the lottery ticket. He left it in his pants pocket when he did the laundry. The lottery was hit but never claimed.
Clove was sick of coming home after school and finding no food. Her mom said the house was full of food - but Clove disliked it. Then her mom showed her a documentary about world hunger. Clove realized how lucky she was to have so much food. She resolved to stop complaining and being so picky!
Brad went to the top floor of the building. He took out his skateboard and started to move. Since the rooftop was similar to the skating ring, he moved easily. The pipes and solid surfaces provided surfaces to grind on. He eventually left when the building was about to be locked.
Janis was sitting in math class with her friend. Her friend was concentrating hard and determined to do well. Janis have a sly smile as she glanced over her friend's shoulder. She was enacting her brilliant plan to ace school by the motto why try As she left class she gave herself a pat on the back for not working.
Steve wrote a story about a mean ogre and a princess. His teacher said the story was terrific. She planned to read the story at open house. Steve felt panicked. He named the ogre and princess in the story after his step dad and mom.
Tina was a very shy little girl. Her parents decided to sign her up for a soccer team. Tina played all summer with the children on the team. She learned how to make friends and have fun with others. Now Tina is not shy and loves talking to people.
Isabella loves to play with her older sister. Isabella's favorite game is hide and seek. She is a better hitter than her older sister. Isabella his way back in the closet. Her older sister couldn't find her for more than 10 minutes.
The promised they would be together forever. He worked hard investing in their future, paying her college tuition. He paid all of the bills, actually, and took care of everything. He lost his job, and within a month she was wanting him gone. He'll never get a return on that investment, and she never apologized.
Walt had a lot of money. When he hit his forties he divorced his wife. Shortly after he found a pretty young girl who was interested. She mostly cared about the money but he didn't care. He paraded her around like a trophy.
Ed decided to start living in a more environmentally friendly way. He decided to stop driving to work every day. He resolved to start biking instead. Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back. Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact!
Allen went to his locker at the end of the work day. He changed his clothes and tossed in his work clothes. Allen then shut the locker. He patted himself to find his keys. It became clear that his keys were in the pants in the locker.
Mary is in love with her coworker John. She knows romantic relationships are not allowed at the company. She decides to quit her job in order to date John. The next she asks John to go have dinner with her. Their first date goes great.
My cat is brown, white and orange. She likes to sleep on a red fuzzy blanket. When she lays on the blanket she immediately begins to purr. Sometimes I pick her up from the blanket and hold her. If she's sleepy she'll fall asleep in my arms.
Today we had our family barbecue. The kids all had a lot of fun. There was plenty of good food to go around. I got to pick all of the music. At one point I had everyone dancing.
Jordyn and Jackie are best friends. They have known each other since the 3rd grade. They know everything about each other. Last spring they were in each other's wedding. Their children are now best friends.
Jan was looking forward to the next movie coming out at the theater. She wanted to go to the matinee. With the money she saved, she thought she would get popcorn. Maybe she would get some candy, too! She was really excited about the movie.
Kelly needed a new computer. She bought a really fancy laptop. She took it home to set it up. It was so confusing! Kelly put it back in the box and returned it.
Gina's mom caught her yelling out the window on the 2nd floor. Her mother grounded her to her room. Her siblings found out why she was in trouble. They thought the yelling out the window sounded fun. They opened the screen and began throwing things outside.
The man sanded off the old paint. The car was rusted underneath. The man removed the rust. There was not much sheet metal left. The man gave up on fixing the car.
Ali had been suspended from school. Her mother Jane came straight to her room after leaving work. Jane listened as Ali told her side of the story. Ali had tried repeatedly to avoid the fight. Jane decided to go to the school and speak with the principal.
Jen made cakes as a hobby. One day a friend asked to buy one for a party for her sister. Jen sold her one of her chocolate strawberry cakes. Everyone at the party loved the cake, asking who made it. Jen turned her hobby into a successful business.
Michelle was a farmer. She grew sugar cane. When it was time to harvest it, she'd chop it all down. She loved to gnaw on a whole piece of the cane. Her sugar cane was sweet and delicious.
Kelly decided to try out for a game show. It was all about trivia. She was nervous but it was worth a shot. When Kelly came back she realized she won. She was so excited to be on the show.
All of a sudden the sky grew dark and dreary. Then the rainy started to pour down. It didn't take long at all before we had puddles everywhere. I put on my rainy boots and started splashing in all of them. Before I knew it, I was wet head to toe.
Darla loved the movies. She wanted to work in the industry. She worked really hard for a production company. She worked her way up the ladder. She loved working in production.
A hurricane came through Caleb's town one weekend. It knocked out all of the power in his neighborhood. The next morning,Caleb was worried about what to eat for breakfast. Caleb and his girlfriend walked down the street looking for anything. There wound up being a place open for them to eat!
A friend of mine lived in an old rented house. While making breakfast for her son, she heard banging at her door. The neighbors son was yelling roof is on fire! She collected her son and fled out the door. They just made it out as the house was engulfed within moments.
I was struggling at school when my teacher suggested piano lessons. I really didn't want to start lessons at first. After a few lessons however, I noticed my grades were going up. Math became easier to understand, and I was more confident. I don't know if I'm any good at piano, but I'm glad I started lessons.
After my fall this morning I was super careful walking. I fell in the bathroom. My wife helped me up. She was heading out this morning when I went to the bathroom. She waited to see if I could make it.
Frank had to get to a meeting. He rushed through traffic. All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning. He pulled over and realized there was a nail in his tire. He used a tire patching kit and drove to his meeting on time.
Gina was in the backseat watching the road fly by. Her dad was driving fast trying to get to Illinois. Everyone else was asleep. Gina stared out the window at the trees, and farms. She found the boring landscape somehow soothing.
Jun went out everyday to exercise in the park. One day, he met a girl and they became very close. They were together all of the time and Jun started to like her. Jun asked her out, but she told him that she had to move soon. Jun was heartbroken but they promised to call each other every day.
Joe was good at cooking. He decided to make rice and gravy. While he was cooking his gravy, he forgot to add water. His gravy started sticking. He burnt his gravy and was so disappointed.
Ana decided to become roommates with her best friend Patty. The two got along well enough for a few months. As the time passed the two started feeling hateful toward one another. Ana and Patty had a huge fight over household chores one night. The two decided to part ways and never spoke again.
Sue played the harp. She was very good at it. But she ended up getting a sore wrist the week before her recital. She took some pain medication the day she had to play. Sue powered through the pain and got a standing ovation.
My friends and I tried to make an action movie and I was the stuntman. They threw me off a moving car and I managed to land on my feet. The scene didn't call for that so we had to do it again. After filming it right I was so much in pain I had to take a rest. The rest of the cast sarcastically applauded my work ethic.
Windell called me yesterday on my cell phone. I hadn't heard from him in 20 years, but we picked up like old friends. He talked about wrestling and his diabetes for most of the call. We decided to meet and chat about the good old days some time soon. I hung up feeling better about my hard day.
Tim fell asleep with the stove on. It started a fire. Tim was barely able to wake up in time. He tried getting as much as he could. Everything else burned down.
Molly ordered a brand new motherboard for her computer online. She had a long time to wait as she chose the lowest cost shipping. She spent the ensuing two weeks highly excited. On the day of its scheduled arrival, the package did not show up. Molly contacted customer service and was told a refund would be given.
Abigail was feeling lucky. She decided to buy some lottery tickets. She waited for the announcement. The winner was announced. She didn't win the contest.
Rory began feeling sluggish after his thirtieth birthday. It had been years since he'd played sports or worked out. He got a new job across town. To save money, he usually walked instead of taking the bus. Getting so much exercise, he began to feel better.
Alex was excited to make his first trip to Mexico. He travelled there with his Mexican-American parents. When they arrived at his aunt's home, he was disappointed. He thought the house and village looked small and boring. When it came time to leave, however, he did not want to go.
I used to play racketball with my friend at school. We would rent out a court and meet up to play. Man it was tiring! You would chase the ball all around the court. It probably was one of the best workouts I've ever gotten.
Cornelius liked to wear sneakers no matter what the weather. One day during a terrible blizzard Cornelius wore his sneakers. His feet became very wet and cold. Cornelius decided that he needed to start wearing heavier shoes. He now wears boots whenever there is heavy snow or rainy.
The day after the big celebration I woke up missing my cozy socks. I looked under the bed, they were not there. Found a jacket and put in on, still my feet were cold. Made my coffee, continued looking for them. The dog was asleep on top of them: winter is here!
Becky needs to get her mom a present for her birthday. She decides to buy her mom some jewelry from the jewelry store. Becky buys her mom a necklace with a diamond heart on it. Becky gives the necklace to her mom. Her mom is very happy.
Tom had a young son. Tom wanted his son to be happy and express his creativity. Tom had his son begin drawing. Tom's son grew up to be a comic book artist. Tom was happy to see his son be creative.
Nia's grandmother was almost 80 and knew a lot of Spanish recipes. Nia wanted to learn them, so she asked her grandma for lessons. Every weekend they got together to cook a dish and talk together. Nia learned many skills- and many stories. She was very thankful for the time with her grandmother.
Neil flew to Indonesia. He landed and hurried to get to his hotel. Then he checked in and took a bus to the shore. He was captivated by the gorgeous beaches. Indonesia truly was a paradise!
Jordan was working on a new novel. She was facing a block on the next chapter. Jordan decided to take a break from writing. She went outside and took a nice walk. After the walk, Jordan was able to write the next chapter.
Lim was whittling a piece of wood. His nephew Marcus asked him what he was making. He told him he was carving a pole. Marcus looked confused and told him it already looked like it. Lim looked at the stick and then had to agree.
Drew chugged an entire two liter of soda. It wasn't long before he felt sick to his stomach. He ran to find the nearest bushes. He bent over, so nobody could see what came next. Drew threw up every ounce he had chugged.
David went to the doctor for a routine check. His doctor said he was unhealthy and needed to start exercising. David hated exercising but did it because he wanted to be healthy. He also took more vitamins and started eating healthy too. The next time David saw the doctor, he said David was very healthy.
Shari was a Vegan. She wanted to bake a cake, but not use eggs in it. She found a recipe that substituted applesauce for eggs. Following the recipe, Shari baked the cake. It turned out to be delicious.
Anna was at an Easter party. Soon the egg hunt was announced. She set off with the other kids, looking for eggs. She collected ten eggs in her basket. Anna won the Easter Egg Hunt!
Rachel drove to her local supermarket. She gathered many fruits and vegetables for purchase. She realized she did not have the money to pay for the food. Instead of paying, she hid the food in her purse. She walked out of the store without being caught.
Kella took her daughter out to eat for her Sweet 16. Their family was tight on money and rarely ate out. But Kelly was still shocked to see the bill. It was almost one hundred dollars! Kella was glad she had brought extra money!
Penny was attempting to dye her hair. She followed all of the steps carefully. Unfortunately, she made one mistake without realizing. She went to rinse her hair. Then, she discovered that her hair had come out the wrong color.
Ana arrived in class for her final exam. Then she realized she had no pencil! She had to borrow one from a classmate. After the exam, he forgot to ask for it back. Ana ended with a new pencil for herself.
Tom ordered a pizza. It took a long time to arrive. The drive apologized on behalf of the store. Tom was upset but understood. They gave him a discount for the trouble.
Perry loved eating salty foods. He picked up a bag of almonds to snack on. They were salted and roasted. He ate the entire bag. Perry was now so thirsty!
Joe went to an outdoor festival. He was feeling anxious since he didn't like big crowds. He noticed a horse that was giving rides to kids. He visited with the horse, petting its mane and talking to it. He became relaxed and was able to enjoy the festival.
Gloria was my best friend in middle school. She lived two doors over and we always walked together. One day her Dad invited me on a trip with her family. He came to my house and asked my parents if I could go. I still can't believe they said yes to Hawaii!
Dave loved to sail. One day he decided to sail his boat far away. He packed all sort of gear for the trip. The day before the trip his boat was stolen. Dave was sad he couldn't take his trip.
Sara decided to take her son to the museum. She warned him to not touch any of the exhibits. While they were there, Sarah became distracted. Her son knocked an entire exhibit over! Sara and her son were kicked out of the museum forever.
Ari set up a fish tank for his family. But his fish started to act strangely! He called a pet store representative right away. She walked Ari through the steps to correct his water parameters. Soon Ari's fish were behaving normally- and happily!
From her bedroom Georgia could hear her parents talking. They were planning a surprise party for her older brother. Georgia knew Ralph hated surprises so she told him about the party. Ralph pretended to be surprised so his parents wouldn't be upset. Ralph took Georgia out to a movie to thank her for warning him.
Katie did not know too much about baking. However, she wanted to please her husband by baking a pie. She made his favorite -- pumpkin pie. She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face. She knew she had done a good job!
Maya has been out of work for five years. She's now trying to find her way back into the work market. But as she has nothing to put on her resume, she's in a quandary. Her friend tells her to lie, but she doesn't want to. In the end she tells the truth, but doesn't find a job.
Jake always wanted to run with bulls. He thought it looked cool on television. He got his chance when his parents bought him a trip. Jake went and had a great time. He cherished the memory forever.
I bought a new phone from the store. The cashier handed the phone to me. When I turned it on, it couldn't work. The cashier investigated the the phone. I've received a refund.
Tom was always a great friend. He would be there for everyone and always answer his phone. But once he got a girlfriend, he stopped responding to messages. He decided his friends were less important. He lost all of his friends.
Some guy is giving one of the girls a hard time at the bar. So Dan stands up to him. The guy challenges Dan to a fight outside and he accepts. Dan's friend tells him that the guy is a pro boxer. When the guy leaves out the front Dan runs out the back.
Ryan really wanted to pitch for his baseball team. The coach decided that Steven would pitch instead. Ryan accepted his coach's decision and agreed to play outfield. Steven gave up a big hit but Ryan caught it. Steven thanked Ryan for saving the game.
Sarah was giving birth in the hospital. She was in a lot of pain. However, the encouragement from the doctors and her husband helped. Finally, the baby was born. It was a girl.
Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off. When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.
Hazel studied religion. The teacher assigned a scripture reading. She couldn't decide what book to read. She looked online. She decided to read The Book of Mormon.
I walked to an electronics store to look for a graphing notebook. But they were all sold out. So I walked to an office store. But they were sold out as well. So, angrily, I gave up my search for a graphing notebook.
A man went shopping for a tie. He looked through the options at the haberdashery. He eschewed the solid colors, the stripes, and the geometric patterns. Over the salesman's warnings, he settled on a tie covered in clowns. The next day work, it turned out that his boss adored clowns.
Shad wanted to go to clown college. He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever. His dad thought clown college was a joke. No matter what Shad's dad said it never affected him. He hopped into his mini car and headed off to become a clown.
Someone had left a pair of binoculars on the park's bench. May happened upon the binoculars and sat on the bench to investigate. She looked through the binoculars and searched around for birds. When she was finished, she returned the binoculars to the bench. May went home satisfied that she had spotted some wildlife.
Danny had just ridden the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland. Since then he's always been on the lookout for buried treasure. One birthday, he got a metal detector as a gift. He kept going around town trying to dig up pieces of treasure. One day he managed to find a rare coin that was worth a lot of money.
My wife's friend Tom was in a hospital waiting room yesterday. An old man was waiting in the room. He was not in his right mind. Suddenly he urinated across the room. Tom told the nurse and stayed away from the man.
Bob was a logger just like his dad. Bob didn't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work. When his sons begged to join him on the job, Bob relented. He gave them the toughest jobs and yelled at them the whole while. Bob was glad when his sons suddenly talked of going to college.
Lena was in the hospital for three months. She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday. They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine. Soon, Lena was released from the hospital. They stayed friends for 20 years after she left.
My wife used our old printer last month. It jammed printing the second page. It would print only one page at a time. She suggested buying a new printer. I got a fast new printer on Amazon, and she was happy.
Lisa skinned her knee. She cleaned it and put a bandage on it. A few days later, it got infected. She went to the doctor. The doctor helped Lisa.
Jackson is worried about his Chemistry test on Friday. He studies more than any of his friends. In a panic, Jackson stays up all night before his Chemistry test. He sleeps through his alarm. Now Jackson wishes he hadn't studied so late and missed the test.
Mario wanted to play tennis professionally. He asked his father to help him. His father thought it was a waste of time however. His brother believed in him and taught him. As a result, Mario actually became pretty good.
Jane was on a canoeing trip with her class. She was holding her lunch box in her hand when the boat rocked. Her lunch fell into the water, ruining it. She started to cry. Luckily, her friend offered to share lunch with her.
The man painted the room. His wife didn't like the color. The man asked his wife to pick a color. The wife couldn't decide. They stuck with the original color.
Jose wanted to try fishing for the first time. He asked his dad to show him how because his dad went every week. Together they went to the store and got all the supplies they needed. They spent hours on the lake working all the different techniques. They bonded and now they go fishing every Sunday together.
Sally woke in the middle of the night, trembling. She'd had a terrible dream! She called out for her mom urgently. Her mom rushed in and comforted her. Soon Sally was able to drift back off to sleep.
I was walking home one day when a man accosted me. He asked for money. I told him if he was hungry I would buy him food. We walked to a sub shop and I bought him a sub. I did not want him to buy a drink with a handout.
John needed a birthday card for his mother. He was poor so he was shopping at a discount shop. Unfortunately all of the cards looked really cheap. He picked through them fruitlessly for a long time. Finally he decided on buying craft supplies and making his own.
Ona tried a new local restaurant. The service was awful. And the food was terrible, too! Back home, Ona left a poor review on the internet. She felt much better afterwards!
Eli was a fan of the Walking Dead and all his friends knew it. One day they decided to prank him by dressing up as zombies. Eli was scared out of his wits and shot them all! The court didn't think he proved he felt he was in imminent danger. Eli was sentenced to life in prison for his reckless behavior.
Wendy was trying different beers with her friends. She couldn't stomach alcohol and so got drunk easily. While her friends were having a conversation, Wendy went nuts. She tried to pee in her friend's yard outside. Wendy had to be driven home by her friends.
Me and my family decided to go to Sliding Rock Falls. It was a natural waterfall going down rocks slick enough to ride down. I wore shorts so my bottom wouldn't be roughed up by the rocks. I slid down the rocks and had to push myself to keep going. The water was cold so I didn't go again but it was a fun experience.
Mark had tried to repair the roof leak himself. After the third attempt, he called it quits. He asked the neighbors for recommendations for roofers. One neighbor had a similar problem with their roof. He gave Mark the information for the roofer who had repaired theirs.
Sara finally decided to order a new tablet. When she got to the store, there was a huge line. She was glad she had preordered it. She finally got to to the front of the line to pay. However, when she opened the box, her tablet was shattered.
Toni ate all her food. She felt really full. She decided to auction off her food. Her brother was very happy. He told her her food was his own.
Yelena loved to read books. She didn't care what genre, as long as it was interesting. One day, she picked up a fantasy book. She was so entangled in the story she thought she was living it. The day she finished the book, she was devastated.
Matt has a bad relationship with his mother. His mother used his credit card and took out 5000 worth of loans Matt now owes $5000 but he won't sue his mom Luckily, he had enough money to pay it back Everything ended up okay
Dale knew he had a big test coming up. He had to study hard to pass it. Dale decided he could cram it all in in one night. Dale passed out studying. Dale woke up sleepy and totally failed his test.
I had not heard from an old friend in a long time. We had not talked in over thirty days. I visited my friend at her assisted living home. She said she keeps herself busy doing crossword puzzles. Happy she was okay I mailed her several puzzle books when I got home.
Dave put the tree in the chipper. The chipper chopped the tree up. He used the tree for bark mulch. Everybody complimented his beds. He tried to remember what kind of tree it was.
There once was a runner who was great at his sport. He could outrun everyone. However, his son grew up to be almost as fast as him. When he finally raced his son, he cheated to win. He felt awful in the end.
Lisa always had a crush on Tommy from work. One day they were chatting about business proposals. She was really happy that he was finally giving her attention. When she was done talking she turned around and tripped. Tommy and the rest of the office laughed at her.
Tom was badly constipated. He hadn't been able to use the restroom in days. He went to the hospital. They gave him some strong meds. Tom then got diarrhea instead.
Horatio had always wanted to learn how to swim. He was the only one of his friends who didn't know how. One summer he decided to take swimming lessons. Finally at the end of the summer he was a confident swimmer. Horatio was glad he had learned how to swim.
Lola is not potty trained. Her mother is trying to potty train her. She showed Lola a video on potty training. The video indicated that it's ok for accidents to happen. Now Lola just wets her pants.
Sally's computer was outdated. It could not run any of the newer games she wanted to play. She bought a brand new desktop from the store. She installed all her favorite games on her desktop. She was able to play all her games perfectly on her new computer.
Barney purchased a yacht with his lottery winnings. The payments on the yacht ate deeply into his winnings. He only ever used the yacht for two events. The first was its inaugural journey. The second was its farewell before Barney sold it.
Jim had a favorite shirt. Jim's wife Sara hated the shirt because it had holes in it. On the first day of the World Series, Jim couldn't find his shirt. Jim got nervous because he always wore it during the World Series. Jim was dashed to learn that Sara had thrown the shirt away!
Cathy is an avid tennis fan. Cathy loved watching her favorite player, Serena. Cathy was excited to learn that Serena was playing a match near her. Cathy decided to purchase tickets to Serena's tennis match. Cathy could not wait to see Serena's match live in action.
Johnson has been looking for a job for weeks. Finally he is offered a job. On his first day of work he dresses very well. Johnson makes sure to arrive at his new job on time. He is happy that he finally found a job.
Our cat was sleeping with us last night. She sat at the foot of the bed, wagging her tail. She then batted my foot. My wife chased her off the bed. She came back later, but I had my foot under the blanket.
Today was Jackson's first day of high school. He was afraid he wasn't going to like it very much. At first things seemed awkward and weird. Luckily by the end of the day he was really excited. He hoped it would be this good all year.
I used to be very bad at math. I had to use my fingers to add. I couldn't multiply at all. I spent a year learning my multiplication tables. Now my brain doesn't seem to mind math much at all!
The school children took a field trip to the zoo. They walked around to see all the animals. Some of the animals were asleep. The other animals were all playing. The children were so excited.
Kelsi had her soccer match today. Her team was losing. Kelsi ran down the field to the goal. Thankfully she scored it quickly. Her team ended up winning.
Ava's nails were very long. She was proud she'd grown them so long! But they began to snag on things. Sadly, Ava realized she'd have to file them down. She filed them a little shorter so they wouldn't snag.
Jamie woke up freezing in her bed. Even her large quilt wasn't keeping her warm. Bracing for the cold, she ran through the house switching on heaters. She curled up in bed waiting for it to heat up. Finally the house was warm enough to act normal.
The man opened a hamburger stand. He sold five thousand hamburgers. He invested that money in a new building. He opened a large hamburger restaurant. He sold over a million hamburgers.
It was a scorching hot day. Keith fiddled with his air conditioner knob. He noticed it was making a funny noise. Soon, it was just spewing hot air. Keith called a repairman and begged him to hurry over.
John and his friends were camping in his backyard. Late that night, the boys heard a growling noise. A large shadow appeared on the tent door. The tent flap flew open and the boys screamed. John's father laughed hysterically at their reaction.
I was at the shopping mall when a saw a pair of shoes. It was so stunning and elegant. I decided to buy it so i tried to wear it if it fits. But it was too small for me so i ask for my size. But the sales lady told me they have no size for me.
My mom lost her wallet when she got home from school. In addition, she remembered that the rent bill is due today. Since my siblings were broke, my mom asked me to pay the bill. As much as I didn't want to, I had to in order to keep our house. Overall, I went bankrupt after paying the bill.
John always wanted to fly a helicopter. So John found a place that gave lessons. He payed to take them. At first it was hard but John learned and became good at it. John loved his new skill.
John was a basketball player. He had blown out his shoes and needed a pair. However, he could not afford a new pair. He finally saved up enough to get what he wanted. John was excited to buy his new shoes.
Tom wanted to get a new tv. He wasn't sure about picture quality. He went to the store and looked at all of them for hours. Once he knew which he wanted he found it on sale online. Tom ordered it online while still in the store.
Casey had been benched most of the season. Finally his coach put him in the game. Casey played very well! He hit three home runs! Thanks to his help, his team won the game!
Clara's cat was sick. So Clara called her vet. Clara and her cat had an appointment the next day. Clara took the cat to the vets which the vet found out what was wrong. The vet gave Clara prescriptions for pills for the cat.
Ted navigated his drone over his neighbor's fence. His neighbor happened to be outside at the time and saw it. Ted's neighbor was not happy to be watched by his drone. He took a baseball bat and beat it into tiny little pieces. Ted stopped sending his drones over his neighbor's fence.
Louis didn't want to leave his childhood home. When he closed the door behind him, his heart sank. Two days later he was the first one in line to see the bulldozers. They tore his home down in five minutes. Louis could only keep an old brick as a souvenir.
Tom was a freshman living in the dorms. He hated the dorms. He begged his parents to get him out of there. His parents contacted the school. His parents got Tom out of the dorms.
Today I went shopping for apartments. I tried to find the best one. However, the one that I found the best was priced very high. I didn't know what to do. Then I realized it is worth paying more for a nicer apartment.
Mike was a homeowner for several months now. But he did not really know how to be responsible. He glanced out at his yard and saw the grass was 5 feet tall. Mike decided to invest in a lawn mower. It took all day, but he cut the grass beautifully.
Mary likes to make cakes. Her son said he wanted her to bake a cake for his birthday. So she got her supplies and began to bake a cake. The cake was finished. She showed her son and he loved it.
Every summer my family plants a vegetable garden. In the spring we start growing seeds inside. When the seeds sprout leaves we transplant them outside. We water and weed the garden over the summer. By July the vegetables are ripe.
Zaiden is a mischievous 4 year old. He sometimes finds things to get into. His mother checked on him when he got quite. She found unrolled toilet paper everywhere. Zaiden had to clean up all the toilet paper.
Tom put sugar in everything. He put it in his milk. He put it in his eggs. One day he got a bad tooth ache. From then on Tom cut back on his usage of sugar.
Amy woke up and got ready for a baby shower in her honor. She made haste getting ready because the shower was an hour away. She got in the car with plenty of time to spare. However, on the way she lost a tire. She replaced the tire and made it to the shower only 15 minutes late.
Amy started training to be a gymnast at an early age. She wasn't allowed on the rings with the boys. She was told it'd make her muscles too big. Amy's career was over at 20 years of age from an injury. She regrets abusing her body and stunting her growth now.
Frank was bad at identifying shapes. He told his friends, but they didn't believe him. They tested him using children's toys. They showed him a square, asking him to identify it. He confidently declared it was a hexagon.
Mary helped a difficult customer pick out an outfit for her niece. As she wrapped the gift, Mary tucked in a scarf as a kind gesture. A few days later, the customer's niece came to Mary's store. She demanded a refund for everything in the box. Mary saw the scarf she'd added was the only thing missing.
The yankees were stuck in a scoreless tie. They had to win the game. When one of their outfielders got hurt, they put in Jacoby. Jacoby came up an inning or two later and hit a homer. They ended up winning the game and being so happy.
Tom was invited out to the bar. His friends knew he didn't drink. They wanted him to be the designated driver. Tom felt they just wanted to save on a taxi. He declined their invitation.
Abby has invited friends over to her apartment tonight to watch TV. She wants to make her apartment more cozy for her guests. She decides to light a few candles in her apartment. Her guests all remark that her place is so nice. Abby is happy that she invited friends over to her apartment.
Kate had something stuck in her teeth. She got a piece of floss to help her. She flossed her teeth over and over again. She just couldn't get it! She hoped it would be gone when she woke up in the morning.
Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine. He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself. On his visit he tried a lot of terrific food. Unfortunately, he became sick on the last day of his visit. Despite his sickness, Riley considered this the trip of his life.
Ryan was always good at baking items. His mother also wanted a cake for her birthday. Ryan stayed up all night baking a cake for her. It was a very big cake and had a lot of sprinkles as well. Ryan and his mom enjoyed the cake while celebrating her birthday.
Sam was in a marathon. He was close to first place. All of a sudden he fell. He didn't even make the top ten. Sam was terribly disappointed.
Ben's parents left him home alone when they went on date night. He had a great movie to watch while they were gone. He decided it wouldn't be hard to make popcorn on the stove. He put in oil and the kernels, shaking it like his mom always did. But he had put in too many kernels so the pot overflowed!
My wife went to Brighton to pick up some bread this afternoon. She had reserved two loaves of sourdough bread. When she got there she found some egg bread. She bought a loaf and I had a slice. I was delighted to eat a piece of my favorite bread.
Because he embezzled Alex was fired from his job. Alex's spouse encouraged Alex to seek work in a different field. Alex asked many people if they knew of a job opening. Alex got a lead on a job from an acquaintance. Alex was hired on a temporary basis.
Sam loved to eat salami. He would eat as much salami as he could get his hands on. One day his mother bought a whole pound of salami from the store. Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole! That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight!
My dog's favorite snack became peanuts this week. I bought a large tin for the family. I threw her a couple of the peanuts to try. She fell in love with them instantly. Now she begs for them every day.
The bedroom had been painted the same shade for a long time. Jenna went to the paint store to get a new color. She pored over the paint samples for a while. Finally picking a color, she had it mixed, and brought it home. Somehow, she had managed to pick the exact color it was before!
I was walking down the street. I noticed there was a new restaurant. It was Chinese. I walked in. But then I realized it was too expensive.
Jane's customer service desk was packed with angry customers. The customers would not accept Jane's explanation for anything. The customers threatened to call the home office in Sheboygan. Jane thought to herself "The home office isn't in Sheboygan." Jane told the customers they were in the wrong store.
Joan was happy to mow the lawn with her new tractor. She was upset when the steering cable kept breaking. Joan's husband got tired of fixing the cable. He decided to watch Joan mow to see what was the matter. Joan mowed tight circles in one direction, breaking the cable.
Bill is not feeling well on Monday. So he calls in sick to work. Bill learns the next day that everyone was sent home early that day If he had gone into work Monday he would've been sent home with pay. Bill regrets not toughing it out on Monday.
I frantically searched the house for my keys. I scoured the car for my keys. I begged my two year old son to help me look for my keys. Much to my frustration, he didn't budge. They were in his hand the whole time.
Nolan Ryan was a sophomore pitcher in high school. A major league scout had heard about him and was at the game. The first pitch was wild and broke the batter's left arm. The next pitch hit the second batter in the head and knocked him out. The third batter refused to bat.
Tom was being sent to Iraq. He was on a top secret mission for the government. He told his wife he would be back later. He was gone for four months. When he returned, he wouldn't speak about his experiences.
Ruby was poor but always tried to buy a weekly luxury. One week she decided to buy a lottery ticket. She watched the drawings on TV that night, excited. The large jackpot was a million, and she didn't get it. But then she saw she had won the small pot: a thousand dollars!
Ken was entering his house. His key got stuck in the hole. Ken tried to turn it too forcifably. The key broke off in the hole. Ken had to replace the entire doorknob.
Bob was an old wise man. His wisdom settled disputes and caused peace all around him. People often asked how to also become wise. Bob told them it was better to learn from the mistakes of others. Learning from your own mistakes can surely bring your own demise.
Eric worked on a ranch. His boss asked him to dig a new well. Eric had never dug a well before. So he grabbed a shovel and began digging. He made it a few feet down before realizing that wasn't how to do it.
Judy took her kids to the zoo. The kids loved to watch the elephants. The elephants were squirting water on each other. The kids laughed at the elephants. They could not wait to go back to the zoo.
Walter was tired of receiving telemarketing calls from people. Although he was on the do not call list, people still called. One day, he decided to answer the phone and talk to one of them. He had a lovely chat with a nice man who had a family to support. Walter learned that telemarketers are people too.
I went to the fridge to get a bottle of water. Over the next hour I completely drank the contents of the bottle. I was going to throw the bottle into the trash. I instead decided to twist the bottle until the lid launched off. The lid shut off and left a bruise on my leg.
Today I noticed a crack in my sidewalk. I decided to try to fix it myself. I bought all of the materials and got started on the project. When I was working on the project it started to rain. I decided to wait until tomorrow to finish the project.
The road trip felt long, especially since I didn't do the driving. I spent some time on my phone before doing to sleep. Once I woke up, I notice that we haven't moved much. My mom told me that we got caught in traffic. As mad as I was, I tried to remain patient.
Jeff just turned 21. So he decided to try some alcohol. He became addicted and drank alcohol every day. But his family intervened. It took years for Jeff to get over his addiction.
One morning, Julie made breakfast for her husband. She made steak and eggs along with some toast. Her husband hated it and threw it on the floor. Julie told him she would never make breakfast for him again. Her husband thanked her.
My daughter is twelve years old. She has a best friend. Sometimes she and her best friend fight. Eventually they apologize to each other. After the fight is over, they are very happy.
After school Peter walked to the bus station. But he was too late. He missed the schoolbus. Another parent saw him walking home next to the road. She picked him up and drove him home so he wouldn't have to walk.
Gloria was on a school trip. Her class was watching the play Hamlet. She started feeling sleepy. She tried to stay awake, but still fell asleep. When the play ended, her teacher saw her and woke her up.
Toni was invited last minute to the football game. She walked into the stadium an hour late. Unfortunately she missed good parts of it. Yet Toni was then able to get a replay. She realized she needed to go back.
I love going to the Botanical Gardens. When I was there, I felt like I was in flower heaven. I took many pictures. I read about the various flowers. It was the most beautiful attraction I've ever been to.
Carl was playing with balloons in his living room. The colorful balls were leftover from a party. Carl was jumping around when suddenly he landed on one balloon. He heard a loud bang as the balloon popped and deflated. Carl cried at the sudden noise and went to find his mom.
Clay is roaming around the museum. Suddenly he sees an exhibit about planes. He runs over and jumps on one of the planes. He gets warned he's not supposed to climb on exhibits. Clay still enjoyed the museum.
Gale was commissioned to arrange flowers for a big event coming up. She was concerned that she did not have enough flowers for this event. She asked her friends for flowers from their personal gardens. Although the flowers did not match at all, Gale tried to make do. The event planners were very pleased with Gale's skills in the end.
Lynette hated being the older child. She has to babysit her younger siblings. Lynette has to do all of this despite being busy. This made Lynette stress out a lot. Lynette still babysits to help the family.
Tina could not have dairy. It was one thing she missed. One day Tina found coconut milk yogurt. It was a godsend. Now Tina could have all the yogurt she wanted.
Alex was excited to go to Friendly's restaurant with his friends. When the boys entered the restaurant, they quickly found seats. The menu had many items and the boys settled for chicken. When the boys got their food, they were very happy. By the time the boys were done, they were very full.
I had to stay in the hospital for several hours. Unfortunately, my phone had 5% left. Since I had no charger, I had to keep my phone off. In order to call people, I had to use the hospital's telephone. I also had to postpone my assignments since the internet was inactive.
Kim was only 13, but she wanted to learn to cook. Shew as a vegetarian so her carnivore mother was no help. She went online and wrote down some recipes. But her other refused to make a trip to the store to buy supplies. Kim eat eggs instead of meat until she made it to the grocery store.
Will wanted to improve his health. Will got himself a FitBit. Will began tracking his steps with the FitBit. Will walked more and more each day for several months. Now Will is in the best shape of his life.
Jason pointed out a cashier at Giant Eagle. He had worked with her at the women's shelter. She had been through the atrocities of Rwanda. Jason was glad that she was well enough mentally to take a job. Four months later, Jason found out that the woman had killed herself.
Whit started running fever. She also had body aches. She finally went to the doctor. The doctor did a flu test. Whit had the flu.
Annie begged her parents for a pet of her own. Her parents relented and let her choose a dog at the shelter. They brought home a new puppy, which was Annie's responsibility. The new puppy kept everyone awake whining. Annie had to say goodbye as the pet went back to the shelter.
Kim wanted to purchase new living room furniture. She decided to go to Ikea to buy furniture. Kim found stuff she liked, but wanted to look around more. When she found nothing else she went to look for the ones she chose. The store was so big it took her an hour the original set she chose.
Everyone was impressed by Kate's figure drawings. And they all agreed she was very talented. So Kate decided to cut her practice hours in half. And her drawings became worse and worse. And Kate realized her skill only came from hard work.
Ann was my date to our elementary school graduation party. When we were alone waiting in the car for her mom, Ann made a comment. She said she sure hoped I didn't want to kiss her. I told her not to worry, as I wouldn't try anything. Suddenly she leaped across the car seat and planted a kiss on my lips!
Robert was waiting for his friends outside of the cafeteria. He began getting restless of waiting. Robert decided to go inside the cafeteria to look for them. According to the waiter, they had left about ten minutes ago. As a result, he decided to go to the movies alone.
Javier was always impressed by Judo practitioners. He decides to enroll in a local course to learn Judo. Javier finds Judo very difficult at first. However, he persists and his Judo skill improves eventually. Javier is very happy that he is now a Judy practitioner.
Samantha won Miss World Pageant 2015. She played out her role enthusiastically. Going into 2016, she was ready to figure out what is next in her life. She decided to start looking for a mate. So she filled out profiles on 10 dating sites.
When Frank arrived at the hotel, she went to the front desk to check in She was annoyed when they showed no record of her reservation. She showed them the online receipt she had printed out. The clerk admitted the hotel computers had been having trouble. For her trouble, Fran was upgraded to a nice room for less money.
The woman needed to make a difficult choice. She couldn't decide if she wanted to take a new job in Germany or not. She made a list of the pros and cons. She decided to take the job. She began packing and preparing to move!
Lee wanted a new sweater. But she couldn't afford to buy one! She worried about what to do. Then she had a great idea. She knit herself an excellent warm sweater for free!
A man woke up and got dressed. He went to the bathroom to groom his hair. In the mirror was a message. The told him he had a 30 second memory and to remember that. After he read the mirror he finished his hair and forgot about it.
Jim had a big test on monday. He studied hard until the day of the test. The day of the test came. Jim was so nervous. He failed his test badly.
Ronald works at a gaming company. Fans of the company have been talking bad about him on Twitter. Ronald went off on them and said some hateful things. The next day, his boss called him into his office. His boss fired him for the things he said on Twitter.
Julia found a bag filled with notebooks on the sidewalk. On one of the notebooks she found the owner's name and phone number. She called the number and left a message. Even after several calls, the owner never responded. Eventually, Julia threw out all of the notebooks.
Tim was very tired. He laid down for a nap before dinner. He intended to sleep for only an hour. But when Tim woke, it was full dark - he had slept for hours! Tim was surprised how tired he had been.
Jim was at the mall. And he was feeling hungry. But he didn't feel like spending any money. So he walked into a chocolate store and got various free samples. But the sales associates were angry when he decided to buy nothing.
Mark went to the laundromat to wash his clothes. When he arrived it was very crowded. He had to wait 30 minutes for an open washing machine. After washing his clothes, he had to wait longer for a dryer. Mark spent most of the day at the laundromat.
There Jimmy sat, waiting to play his cards. He was at his buddy Tim's house. Only Jimmy and Tim were left in the hand. Jimmy drew his last card and laid them down. It was a full house and he won the game.
Gage wanted to build a snowman with his son. The two males went outside all bundled up and ready. But they could not manage to roll any snow together! Their project was a total failure! Defeated, they went in for hot chocolate and warm soup!
Julia walks outside and notices that it is very cold. She does not want to change her outfit, but she wants to feel warm. Looking in her closet, Julia remembers her warm down vest. She tries it on and it looks great with her outfit. Julia feels warm wearing her down vest.
I invited 20 friends to my 17th birthday party. The party was at my house. Once the party started only 10 people were there. I called one friend who informed me everyone else was another party. I was extremely hurt.
Janice was not having a good day. First she spilled coffee all over her new blouse. Then she got a parking ticket waiting at the DMV. On her way home she got into an Accident. Janice finally snapped when her husband didn't clean the house!
Carrie was at home watching a movie when she spotted a spider. Carrie immediately jumped up in fear and screamed. She could not take her eyes off the scary creature. Luckily her older brother heard her scream and he killed it. Carrie felt a sigh of relief and was thankful it was dead.
The man made mashed potatoes. He forgot to make any gravy. He served the mashed potatoes with butter. Nobody said anything about gravy. The man was relieved.
Tom has been fighting obesity for many years. He had tried to lose weight in the past, but lacked willpower. One time, Mary had invited him over for dinner. She had prepared a huge feast for him. Unable to control his impulses, Tom ate more than he should have.
Andrew had a favorite band. His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks. Andrew didn't have enough money to buy a ticket. He worked really hard doing chores at home to earn some money. Finally, Andrew saved up enough money so that he could buy the ticket!
Haley loved the holidays and loved to bake. She spent many hours making homemade baked goods for her friends. She made several types of cookies and peppermint fudge. Of course, she had to taste test each one and kept leftovers to eat. By the end of December, Haley had gained 10 extra pounds.
Sally was bored will all her video games. She then went to the store to look at the games they had for sale. A new video game had been released that day. Sally purchased the video game. Now she wont do anything but play her new game.
There was a new spin studio that just opened up. Tina was rather eager to try it. When she stepped foot on the bike she was amazed. The workout was intense. By the end of the workout she was very exhausted.
Kim was invited to a friend's Bat Mitzvah. She had never been to a Jewish party before. She worried that the customs might be strange. But by and large, it was much like any other party. Kim had a great time!
Liz had been training all winter to run a 5K in the spring. She had a goal of finishing within 28 minutes. When the race started, she took off. She didn't even feel tired as she neared the finish line. She had beat her goal time by two full minutes.
Gina wanted to find her her stolen pencils. She was searching a boy names Dave's desk. But the pencils weren't there. She was alone and needed to look fast. When she heard the class coming she gave up her search.
I was throwing a football. It ended up on the roof of the school. I asked my dad for a ladder. He said no. I gave up on getting it.
I called the insurance company. I needed to find a new doctor. The woman on the phone said I wasn't a member. I was at a loss for words. It took her five minutes to realize she had entered my number wrong.
Kim ran into a stray dog. It was playful and nice. She took it home. Kim later found a missing dog poster. It was the one she found and she returned it.
Bruce was nervously preparing for a test the next day. He studied every book he had related to the subject. Eventually he was burned out from too much studying and took a break. Bruce's break lasted only a few minutes but he fell asleep. The next morning Bruce was nervous, but he passed the test!
Claire was to be married on Saturday morning. A friend drove her to the beauty salon to have her hair done. After dropping her off, her friend went out to grab breakfast. In the parking lot someone crashed into her car. She barely got back in time to get Claire to her wedding.
Cassie's dog Rufus had a favorite squeaky toy, which was bright red. He could play with it all day, and very often did! One day they were picnicking, and Cassie threw the toy for Rufus. It flew into the creek, and Rufus immediately leapt after it. Cassie was frantic until he was out, but Rufus cared only for his toy.
Chantel had a project for school. She had to make an autobiography. It was coming together very nicely. But, she needed some family history. She called her grandma and got some cool information.
Kim went fishing with her dad. They sat in their boat and talked all day. At the end of the day, Kim had caught nothing. Neither had her dad! Still, they both agreed it had been a great day.
Frank wanted to get buff. So he got some weights. He started to work out. He worked out for months . Frank got buff.
Today is Logan's birthday. Logan is turning 5. Logan invited all of his friends. They jumped in a big bouncy castle. Logan and his friends liked the cake and ice cream.
Shawn was making popcorn. He never got his popcorn quite right and was trying a new method. At first he thought that it was going to work well. But then he checked on his popcorn and saw it all burnt. He threw the batch out and had to start over.
Will was at the pool with some girls. They dared him to take his swim trunks off. Once they were off, one of the girls grabbed the trunks. She quickly threw them on a fence. He had to climb out naked and retrieve his trunks.
Chris was very successful. He was a popular rapper. He went to the studio to record his new album. He had writer's block. He couldn't think of anything good.
Tom's passenger side window was broken. Tom couldn't afford to get it fixed. He duct taped a bag over the hole instead. It was unsafe and looked ghetto. Tom had to drive that way for months.
John decided he needed a new car. His old car was clunky and falling apart. He drove to the dealership and looked at all the cars. He finally decided on a red sports car. John drove home in his new car happily!
Mary and Olivia went on a long hike in the woods. All of a sudden, a storm came by. They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark. They had no way to see and had to stay in the cave all night. Now, Mary and Olivia are more prepared when they go on hikes.
Sam went to a new restaurant to eat. He ordered their burger. It came out raw and cold in the middle. Sam had them take it back. The second one that came out was slightly better.
Sean travels to NYC frequently. He never went to Chinatown. His friends recommended a good restaurant there. Sean decided to go to that restaurant. It quickly became Sean's favorite restaurant.
Ben had a habit of not getting up when his alarm went off. He would turn it off and go back to sleep. So his aunt gave him a clock that moved around the room. Now he'd have to get out of bed and find the clock. This worked and he finally was able to get up on time.
Trent went camping alone in the woods. He was an outdoorsy guy but had never seen a bear before. So when one walked around his tent during the night, he was scared. He stayed very still and waited. The bear ate the food he had left outside and left.
Alex awoke when the sun rose. She realized she had forgotten to close the shades. She decided to get up since she was already awake. She took an extra long shower because she had the time to. Alex left her house early with a plan to get to work early.
Lauren notices that her jeans have developed a small rip. She goes to the crafts store to get thread and a sewing needle. Lauren carefully sews shut the rip in her jeans. She doesn't mind that the thread in her jeans is visible. Lauren is happy that her jeans are no longer ripped.
Ray worked very hard at his job. It required a lot of heavy lifting and hard graft. After years of this work, Ray's back became very delicate. He had to retire early because of back related health issues. His back feels much better laying on the couch watching TV in the day.
John had showed up late to his first college class. Because of that, the professor didn't like him. John decided to try to make it up by getting the professor a gift. He shopped for hours, trying to find something good. He finally bought a box set of encyclopedias for the professor.
Fariq had worked hard all day. He was extremely hungry. He looked through his refrigerator for something good to eat. His eyes passed over all of the fruits and vegetables he had. Today he ate cookies for dinner.
Sue and her two kids went to the park the two kids were playing at the park The two children find a little gray kitten the little gray kitten follow the children back to their table Sue, her two kids and the gray kitten left the park for home.
Hunter camped outside his house in the bushes. He was waiting for the ding-dong-ditcher to come by again. A car pulled up to the house, and someone ran to the door. As they rang the doorbell, Hunter jumped out from the bushes. It was just the postman though, and he looked very surprised.
Damien decided to rob a bank. He planned everything out, and got some friends to help. They arrived at the bank in the early morning. Right when he was supposed to pull his gun out, he chickened out. They walked back outside and drove home.
Jim keeps applying to jobs. Nobody seems to want him. He wanted to quit. He applied to one last job. He got the job.
Jason was sleeping at a friend's house. The boys were watching scary movies all night. Jason had nightmares the following nights. He got very little sleep. His parents no longer let him watch scary movies.
The college students decided to  take a trip to the mountains. About an hour into their trip, they got a flat tire. They pulled over to the side of the road. One of the students changed the tire. All of the students got back in the car and drove to the mountains.
Sara was on her way home one evening. Crossing Main Street, she saw an old woman fall in the road. Sara rushed over to the woman. Then she helped her up and safely home. Sara felt wonderful about her good deed.
My wife went to Target yesterday. It was crowded with students shopping for college. They were buying a lot of dorm room goods. My wife was amused by the mothers and daughters interacting. We went through this ten years ago with our kids.
Molly was on a bike ride with her family. She was trying to keep up but felt so worn out. For some reason, she felt like she was dying. She ended up so sick she had to get off of her bike. Then her dad realized that her break was jammed.
Tom was on a cruise. The ship started to sink. Everyone tried to make it to the lifeboats. Unfortunately there weren't enough. Tom drowned with the ship.
Matt had to take a pottery class in high school. And he initially had no interest in it. But he found it as a way to express himself. And he made lots of cups, bowls, and plates. After selling many of his creations, Matt was happy he took the class.
Julia hadn't talked to her mom in a long time. They had been fighting for a couple of years. She was shocked when one morning her mom sent her a text. She wanted to meet up to catch up. Julia was so happy that she rushed to meet her mom and apologize.
I just watched The Dreamers. Bernardo Bertolucci directed this movie. I had seen Last Tango and The Last Emperor. The movie quoted several old movies. I recommend this movie to any cineaste.
I left a job I hated to do something I loved. I would work a real estate gig during the day. I would spend my nights playing winning poker. Life felt so good, even though it didn't last long. I soon lost my place and my car.
I had a pony. I took it for a ride one day. I rode over the hills near my house. My pony stumbled on a large rock. My pony hurt its leg.
The Johnson family sat down to Thanksgiving dinner. After the dinner everyone commented how something was missing. Everything was delicious but everyone felt unsatisfied. Suddenly Grandma Johnson yelled out, "cranberry sauce" . Everyone laughed and ate a little cranberry sauce.
Joey and Missy were traveling on a bus. They had stopped one evening for a gas fill up. While they waited, they decided to buy some fries. They were waiting for the fries when the bus began to board. Luckily, the fries were ready just in time for them to board.
It was Cody's birthday and she was so excited. She went out to eat dinner with her friend Jeffrey. When they got back to her house all the lights were off. As they walked in the door, all of Cody's friends were there. Cody realized they were all there for her birthday!
The 2007 Patriots team was considered by most the best of all time. They went into the Super Bowl against the Giants as heavy favorites. Most people expected them to destroy the Giants by 40 points. But the Patriots missed some key plays, as did the refs, and lost. The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history.
Clark has never liked going outside. However, his parents say he needs to get out of the house more. Finally Clark gets off the couch and goes for a short walk. On his walk Clark sees many beautiful birds. Clark decides that going outside isn't as bad as he thought.
Halloween is Tracy's favorite holiday. Her favorite part is the party she throws every year. She decorates her house and yard with things she collected over time. Everyone in the neighborhood looks forward to her haunted house. Like usual this year her home was the most popular in town.
Miranda dated Jackson for about a year. They were very happy together at the beginning. Miranda became unhappy with Jackson. He was lazy and made her feel unappreciated. She broke up with him and misses him a lot.
It was early fall and Gina was laying bed. She couldn't sleep, and wanted to see the sky. Her room was in the basement. The window was to low to see the sky. She opened the window, and screen and crawled out to stare at the sky.
Ashley was struggling in her English class. She was almost failing and needed to pass the class. Her friend Beth was an honor student and agreed to help her out. They studied together every night for the rest of the semester. With Beth's help Ashley was able to pass her English class.
Jim was at a metal show. He wanted to get into the mosh pit. At the right time he jumped in. Jim got elbowed in the face. He kept pushing, though.
Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop. At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public. One day he gives out flyers to two young men. He later sees them enjoying a cup of coffee at the coffee shop. Franco feels proud of the work he is doing distributing flyers.
Nina's husband always loved scrambled eggs for breakfast. One day Nina decided to try them. She had always wondered what they tasted like. To her surprise, she loved them! From then on they ate breakfast together!
I took a drive out to visit my mom. A cop pulled up behind me and turned his lights on. He asked for my license and insurance so I gave it to him. He showed me my driver's license had expired last month. He gave me an extremely expensive ticket and let me drive away.
The night before her aunt's birthday, Jane began baking treats. She planned on staying up all night so they'd be fresh for her aunt. Jane baked through the night even though she wanted to sleep. She took a shower and started to load up the treats in her car. Then she realized her Aunt's birthday was the next day.
Robert wanted to do something special for his dad's 80th birthday. Since he didn't have a lot of cash, he opted for a special project. His dad had boxes full of unorganized photographs from his life. Robert sorted and arranged them all chronologically in albums. His dad was overwhelmed recalling all the forgotten memories.
The mom told her child to stop talking. The child looked at her mom and gave her a silly face. He also decided to run away. The mom grabbed him and gave him a beating. The child ended up hitting her back.
Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach. She read a book while catching the sun. She fell asleep halfway through the book. She slept for a couple of hours before she woke up. Her entire body was sore from being sun burnt.
Betty was always a happy girl, bringing joy with her everywhere. But one day was especially good, when she was allowed to start baking. She made many platters of pastries to give to everyone. Her teachers, classmates, those she met outside of school loved it. After that every week she would bring in baked goods.
Mark crumpled a piece of paper that was on his desk into a ball. He leaned back in his chair and raised the paper ball. He looked at his garbage can and eyed the distance. He threw the paper at the can. The ball hit the rim and went in.
Jay loved his wife, but he was a weak man. He met a beautiful woman half his age. They hit it off and kept talking to each other. Jay and Sarah met in a hotel once a week. When Jay's wife found out, she demanded a divorce.
Daniel wanted to hurry up and turn seven years old. His parents had promised for his seventh birth he could get a Parrot. One day his best friend came to visit and bought over his dog. Daniel liked playing with his friends dog and decided he wanted one. When his seventh birth arrived, he picked a mixed breed puppy.
George was running late for work. He overslept, missed his bus, and was passed up by four taxis! He decided to literally run to work. Although he was late, he felt clear-minded and focused the entire day. George now runs 5 miles every day!
Charles saw a posting at Honda Corporation and applied right away. A staffing agency called back and said they recruited for Honda. They prepared Charles for his interview with Honda. Charles interviewed with Honda in an empty call center. The agency said Honda didn't want him but a low paying company did.
Ian was playing an online game. But he kept losing. He kept getting more and more frustrated. Eventually, he threw his keyboard at his wall. But he didn't feel any better.
I love to listen to music. Live music is one of my favorites. Some groups don't seem to do as well as others. I think they are probably still talented. Sometimes, I think they rely too much on technology!
I poured some chemical into a beaker. Since I poured slowly, the chemical fell on my hand. The professor immediately book me to the emergency bath. I was shaking from the hot water. I thankfully came out without any injuries.
To get out of work Bob faked being sick. Instead of staying in bed he played games the entire day. His wife came home and scolded him for his behavior. The next day at work his boss fired him for lying about being sick. Bob realized that faking being sick was a bad idea.
We had finally made it there. The Team was ready. The whole game my stomach hurt. Nick had to make one shot to win the game. He did and we won.
Kenny is unemployed. Kenny learns he is going to father a child. Kenny looks for work to support his child. Kenny takes the job of a Police officer. Kenny takes care of his child with his new job.
The Chinese honor their dead on Ching Ming. They visit graves. My brother went last week.q He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way. I was not pleased with this change.
Amy's office supply store ran out of packing tape. She sent a request for more tape to the distributor. They told her no tape would be available for weeks. Amy's store had to do without this important product. Amy compensated by pushing glue as an alternative.
Mike took his dog for a walk. He went down to the end of the block. His friend Tommy was there with his dog. Tommy and Mike talked while their dogs played. The boys said goodbye and went back home.
Adalyn always wanted a puppy. One day after school she came home to find a box with a bow. Adalyn was excited to see what was inside. When she opened the box a little puppy jumped out. Adalyn named her new puppy Ralph.
I went running today in the woods. I twisted my ankle on a fallen branch. i went to the doctor for an x ray. The doctor said the it wasn't broken. He gave me a prescription for to alleviate swelling.
I wanted to watch a movie. I went to the movie theater without checking any of the show times. When I got there, I missed the matinee by 30 minutes. I decided to go to the next showing. I really enjoyed the movie.
Drake was on his way to school one morning. He noticed a large animal running at him. After a moment of hesitation, Drake jumped over his neighbor's fence. The animal got closer and Drake saw it was a mountain lion. He climbed inside his neighbor's shed and then hid for over an hour.
The Seattle Seahawks played the Miami Dolphins. Miami was winning 10-6 with less than a minute left. Russell Wilson drove the Hawks down the field to about the 7 yard line. He then found a receiver in the end zone to give them a 12-10 lead. The Seahawks held on to win for a nice comeback.
Manolo was always in transitory relationships. He refused to settle down with anyone. He enjoyed the company of many girls during his life. And he kept to his word to never marry. When he was old and his friends were dead, he was lonely.
Pete decided to wear a hat today. He took out a ball cap and donned it upon his head. His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside. Pete tipped his hat and kept going. The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to Pete.
Abbey was at home with her mom. Her mom began having a seizure. Abbey knew to call 911. She picked up the phone and called. Luckily, paramedics came to help her mom.
Today I went on my first date in seven months. We hit it off really well and had a lot of things in common. At the end of the night when he went to kiss me, I noticed something. He had a tan line on his finger where his wedding ring should be. I guess I'm back to single in the span of just one night.
Dave's mom asked him and his brother Steve to get the groceries. Dave jumped off the couch and went out to the car. After three trips, he realized that Steve had not yet moved. Dave screamed at his brother to help, but Steve ignored Dave. Dave jumped on top of Steve and punched him in the eye.
I stopped taking my prescribed pills because they made sick. I had tried chewing my pills but I couldn't swallow them. I crumbled my pills in water. The water made my heart race. I told the doctor his pills made me sick so i stopped taking them.
Lim and Shorty got in a fight. Bruce interjected, trying to stop the fight. He told them the next one to open their mouth would deal with him. Bruce made them both shake hands. An uneasy truce was made between the two enemies.
Elle glanced out the kitchen window as she was washing dishes. She was shocked when a brown horse was looking back at her. She rushed outside to find the farmer next door approaching. The horse had gotten out of his stall and wandered over. The horse quietly walked away with the farmer back to his barn.
It was James' wife's birthday. James wanted her to wake up happy. He slipped out of bed early and went to the kitchen. He made her a fresh breakfast of bacon and eggs. James' wife overslept and had to leave for work without eating.
I was in grade school when i saw a fat girl in our school. They always bully her because she is fat. One day i decided to talk to her and offer her a sit in our canteen. She is so nice and we became friends. And now she was so slim and sexy that no one expected it before.
Jerry had no money and was living with his parents. One day, Jerry decided that he would make something of himself. He decided to make five-thousand dollars from Amazon Mechanical Turk. Then, he used that money to start a data consulting business. Finally, Jerry had made something of himself!
When I was a teen, I wanted a new CD by an artist I liked. I didn't have any disposal income at the moment. I couldn't wait until I could afford it. I shoplifted the CD. It was such a bad CD, I stopped liking the artist.
Shay rode the bus to Dunkirk. She got off in downtown Dunkirk. There, she shopped for souvenirs. She also gazed at the lake, right across the street. Shay had a great time visiting Dunkirk!
Bill wanted to do something nice for his wife. He knew that she would want to do an activity together. He decided to buy her a cooking class. Bill gave her a card telling her about the cooking class. She was extremely happy and impressed with Bill's gift.
Carol was a professional dancer. Her partner got married and moved away. Carol needed to find a new partner. It took her several months to find an appropriate one. Carol finally made her decision and had a great new partner.
Mike and Amir met up for their first date at the aquarium. They stared in awe at all the colorful fish. They laughed together at all the funny looking ones. At the end of the date, they both bought each other a keychain. They are already planning their next date.
It was no secret that the managers at Jim's company favored golfers. Golfers were often invited to play on the weekend with the managers. These individuals seemed to get all the perks and promotions. Jim decided to take lessons at the country club. Within a year, he was golfing with his boss and up for a promotion.
My friends and I went to a bar. There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus. We tried calming him down. He threw a punch at me and missed. We tackled and held him to the ground until the cops came.
Last year I went out with my cousins. We went to the north end. It was frigid cold. I felt like I could hardly make it. When we got inside the restaurant it was a relief.
Jill and Ally had been friends since childhood. When Ally got pregnant, Jill wanted to give her a special gift. She spent nearly 2 months knitting a lovely blanket for her. Ally was touched by her friend's thoughtful gift. Ally put the blanket in the baby's crib right away.
Lenny purchased a dresser from a store. He had to set the dresser up by himself. He grew frustrated as he kept putting the wrong pieces together. After nearly two hours, he finally finished assembling the dresser. Lenny vowed to never purchase unassembled furniture again.
Jess wanted to see the musical Hamilton. She called the box office to purchase tickets. The ticket agent said the show was sold out. Jess found tickets available on craigslist. Jess saw Hamilton and loved it.
Melanie couldn't afford gas for her car. However, she still had to get to work. Melanie decided to walk to work. It was a long walk but she finally got there. She was glad she got to work despite not being able to afford gas.
I dreamed I found a giant turtle in the back yard. It was large and obviously very old. The shell was turning a whitish grey color. I picked it up to make sure it wasn't a snapping turtle. I showed it to my family and we decided to keep it.
Brett wanted to buy a gift for his friend. His friend's birthday was next week. Brett thought about what his friend would like. He bought his friend concert tickets. His friend had a great time at the concert, and loved the gift.
Rachael loves to eat ice cream. Her stomach does not seem to like it much though. She realized she was lactose intolerant. She decided to take some medicine to help ease her symptoms. She also switched to lactose free products from now on.
Craig was a good electrician. While Craig was working on circuits he kept getting shocked. Craig looked at his new tools. They had no rubber on the ends of them. Craig stopped getting shocked when he bought rubber handled tools.
They finally arrived at the temple. There sure many monkeys hanging about outside the temple. The tour operator warned them to closely guard their possessions. Just then, a monkey came up and snatched John's eye glasses. Everyone in the tour group started to laugh at John.
Marie's favorite chocolate was European and difficult to find. Her boyfriend wanted to surprise her with a batch. He called the company and had a box shipped to the US from overseas. When it arrived he wrapped it up with a bow and brought it to her. Marie was so excited and thankful for the thoughtful gift.
Sarah was reading a book one evening. She decided to take a break from reading. Sarah set her book on her living room table. The book caught on fire from being close to a lit candle. Sarah had to put the fire out with a bucket of water.
Danny was at the store with his mom. He saw a big bin of rubber balls, and got excited. He grabbed one and begged his mom to get it. She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him. When they went to check out, she agreed to buy the ball.
Wilma and Ashley started their very first Youtube channel. Though only eleven and twelve, they felt they had a lot to share. They made an extraordinary number of videos about boys and makeup. When they both grew up and applied to college, it haunted them. The silly videos made the admissions office think they'd be a bad fit.
Galen Rupp got a bronze in the marathon. He did not medal in the 10,000 meters. He thought that he was faster on the track. But he stayed focused for the marathon. He might actually better at it.
Gina's mom picked her up from her grandma's house. None of her siblings were in the car. Her mother was going over Gina's uncle's house. Gina didn't want to go there. After much begging, her mother dropped her off at home instead.
Alex and Max were playing monopoly. They raised the stakes by playing with real money. Alex was really nervous about losing the game. He decided to make a risky move. Luckily it worked out and he won all of the money.
Keith wanted to be a photographer. He started applying to every photo magazine he could. He never got a response back. Suddenly, out of nowhere, National Geo wanted to hire him. He was so excited.
Martha went to the movies by herself. She was nervous people would think she was weird. However, she really wanted to see the movie she was going to. She found that nobody was paying any attention to her at all. She enjoyed the movie by herself.
Katie was in need of a prom dress for the upcoming dance. She headed to the nearest dress shop. She spent the day trying on dresses. Katie found the perfect dress! She went to prom looking like a princess.
Hales found out she was pregnant. Her boyfriend thought he was trying to trap her. They got into a huge fight. He broke up with her. Now she is a single mom.
I got a call from an unknown phone number. The man on the other end said he had an exciting deal for me. Clearly it was a phone scam so I decided to mess with him. I recited a few poem to him and asked him how they made him feel. The man got frustrated but I could tell he enjoyed the poems.
Joan walked by a cat stuck in a tree. She knew the cat needed help. Joan called the fire department to get the cat down. Once it was down, the cat meowed a lot. Joan took it home to be her cat.
Robert decided to take off of work to spend time with his family. His family was happy that he was around more. This put more strain on Robert's coworkers. Management perceived Robert to be lazy, and they fired him. Now Robert spends all day with his family.
I was playing tennis with some friends. I was terrible at tennis. My team was losing. I decided to quit because I felt bad. My friends reassured me that they only cared about having fun.
Tina forgot to pay her heating bill. And the next day, she forgot that she forgot. When she got into her shower, she wondered why there was no hot water. Then she remembered she forgot to pay her heating bill. Tina's cold shower made her remember to pay it next time.
Lucy had two pet rabbits. She left them with her dad when she went on vacation. To his surprise, babies appeared the next day. Lucy's dad suddenly had his hands full with baby bunnies. As is turns out, Lucy's rabbits were male and female.
Bill walked into the forest and hear a noise behind him. He turned around and saw a bear following him. Bill panicked and ran as fast as he could. He came upon a chain link fence and began to climb. The bear didn't bother climbing and just growled at Bill.
Margaret was feeling overwhelmed at her job lately. Her recent promotion meant she suddenly had a lot more work to do. She realized she was in trouble and scheduled a meeting with her boss. She requested a dedicated assistant to help with the workload. Her boss agreed and Margaret soon had the assistance she needed.
Lola liked a boy next door. She didn't know how he felt about her. She admired him from afar for two years. One day, he climbed up to her window. He told her that he loved her and had always loved her.
Haley was mad since she failed a test that she studied hard for. She saw an ant-hill outside and kicked it. Several fire ants climbed out of it. They were moving throughout her entire body. She felt several bites.
Career day took place in my library. The principal made an announcement about lunch. He said that she kids should eat before the adults. Yet, they managed to finish all of the food. The adults didn't have the opportunity to eat.
Will was taking a stroll in his favorite park. Will noticed a sound as he went around a bend in the path. He looked down to see a rattlesnake! Will very slowly and cautiously walked backwards away from the snake. Will reached his car with a huge sigh of relief.
My doctor told me that I had diabetes. Wanting to live longer, I decided to get my diabetes under control. I followed an exercise and nutrition program for that purpose. By adhering to my weight loss program, I was able to lose weight. Due to my hard work, I am no longer diabetic.
The sunlight came out early in the morning. Several birds started to chirp. I heard my neighbor yelling outside. He grabbed a gun and shot a bullet. The birds ran off.
Gil was an inattentive driver. He would continuously check his phone messages while driving. Then one day he had a bad car accident. He had injured himself and another person. Gil now speaks publicly about the dangers of texting and driving.
Dave and his friends were trick or treating. They got an apple from one house. They didn't like it but they brought it home. Turns out there was a sharp object in it. They were glad they didn't eat it.
Jim has a biology test in the morning. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. When he got to class, he started to feel sick. However, Jim took his test and made a perfect score.
Faith and Hope drove to a nearby town to pick up concert tickets. On the way to the ticket office Faith got really dizzy and fell down. Hope was worried and took Faith to a local medical clinic. After being there for three hours they finally saw a doctor. The doctor gave Faith an allergy shot and said she would be fine.
Lori taught 4th grade. She gave an assignment to write about career goals. Lori's students came up with a variety of answers. Many said doctors and nurses. One said just like her.
Bea checked her account in the aisle at the supermarket. She saw that she was as broke as she thought she was. Instead of picking up the can of Progresso, she put it back. She pushed her cart further down the aisle. When she got to the section, Bea picked up four packages of Ramen.
Kim was at her first college party. She was drunk for the first time. After just two hours, she decided to go home to bed. In the morning, she was proud of her decision. She was glad that she knew her limits!
Grant wanted the admiration of one of his co-workers. He tried so hard to get it, even doing some of his work. Grant complained to me daily about how it wasn't working. One day his co-worker asked him to lunch. Grant told me that he was extremely excited when they went out!
Sam took his friend Mary to the carnival in town. They really wanted to go on the ferris wheel. They waited in line for close to half an hour for the ride. They got inside and could see the entire town from high up. They took a picture of themselves when they reached the top.
Daniel was very tired after work. He decided to take a nap. Later, Daniel woke up to birds chirping. He realized it was already morning the next day. Daniel was upset that he already had to go back to work.
Susan wanted to repaint her bedroom. She covered all of the furniture with canvas tarps. She painted white primer on the walls. After a few hours, she painted on the new colored paint. Susan cleaned the paint brushes and rollers she had used.
Ray loved to write since he was a child. He dreamed of being an author and continued writing as an adult. People said he couldn't be a writer without a college degree. He couldn't afford college, so he just kept writing. His work got published in a literary magazine and he felt vindicated.
John was very nervous about his upcoming flight. He couldn't sleep the whole night before the flight. In the morning, he threw up due to his anxiety. He took an anxiety pill to help him sleep before his flight. John had no problem with his flight after he took his pill.
Carl didn't have anything to do all day. He was done with his homework and didn't like tv. Eventually he decided to play a videogame. Before he knew it night time came around. He felt unfulfilled as he went to sleep.
Don was at a restaurant when he discovered he did not bring his wallet He had already eaten his food. The waiter said he could not leave without paying. Don offered to help in the kitchen to pay for his food. He had to work for hours to pay for his meal before he could go home.
Jen knew she really needed to start saving more money. There just never seemed to be any left after bills were paid. Her mom told her to try the $1 52-week saving plan. Every week she increased her deposit by $1. To her surprise, at the end of the year, she had $1,378.
Ellen was told she was underweight by her doctor. Ellen tried to start gaining weight. Ellen started eating fast food. Ellen stopped working out as much. Ellen gained enough weight to be healthy again.
John had never climbed a mountain before. He was scared but motivated. His friends were there and encouraged him along the way. He tripped and fell and broke his leg. He hasn't been the same since.
Emma was in a bad car accident. She slipped into a coma. She stopped breathing on her own. Then she began to heal, slowly but surely. In a few weeks she began breathing spontaneously once again!
Ashley applied for a job at a restaurant. The manager called her the next day. She went in for an interview. The manager thought she was a good fit. She got the job and started the next day.
Barry was going to be married to his fiance in two weeks. Barry desperately needed to find a violin player for the reception. After searching on Craigslist, Barry located a violin player. After meeting with the player, Barry was happy with his player. Barry could not wait to surprise his wife with the violin player.
Roger had bought a new car. He wanted to show his friend how fast it could accelerate. Roger took off in the car spinning the wheels. The car slid into a parked car. Roger's parents forbid him for driving for several months.
Leon knew nothing about Star Wars. All of his friends were Star War fanatics. They would make movie references often. Leon would feel left out. Leon spent a whole weekend watching every Star Wars film ever made.
Monday was making fudge with her mom. It was the holidays, the perfect time for fudge. She was stirring and stirring the hot fudge. She then slipped and threw the pan of hot fudge into the air. The fudge landed on a plate of cookies covering them all.
Blake learned to play the guitar at a very young age. He practiced every day to get better. He started playing in front of crowds as a teenager. He grew a large fan base and produced his own album. Blake became a very popular musician.
The other day I was at the Apple Store when the phones came out. Everyone was screaming and waiting in line to get their new phone. People had been camping out for days. It took me four hours just to get inside the building. When I got my phone I was happy and relieved.
Ana was visiting Russia. When it was time to return home, she panicked. Her American passport was nowhere to be found! Ana went to the American embassy and explained the problem. Luckily, the embassy was able to get her a new passport.
I was crouched the whole time. The camera did not get a good picture of me. Doing the ride by myself was a mistake. There were scary dinosaurs and lights. It was at the Animal Kingdom in Disney World.
The winter of 1993 was bad in Boston. I could not bicycle to work, and rode the trolley. My station stop had a store. I ate a lot of muffins while riding to work that winter. As a result I gained twenty pounds.
A game was brought back from vacation. The game was shared and became alarmingly popular. Wesley was suspicious when testing showed the game highly addictive. Wesley used a computer virus to disrupt the game software. The games headsets were all destroyed.
I bought a new television. I needed an HDMI cable for it to work. Alas, I couldn't find one at my house. I had to go all the way back to the store to buy it. Alas, the store had sold out of HDMI cables.
Beth had practiced very hard. She was ready, but very nervous. She got on stage and gave it her all. She played all of her music. Everyone agreed that she played beautifully that day.
The new mall just opened down the street from Natalie and she went. She decided to invite about six friends to come with her. She wanted to go to the new restaurant as well. The girls had a blast at the new mall. She couldn't wait to go back.
Rita loved nice smells. She bought a bunch of scented candles. She lit them as she worked at her desk. Soon, her whole house smelled great. Rita loved the warmth the candles brought.
I got a new job last week. I had to pick up gum from parking lots. I hated this job so much. Today I got my paycheck. I decided to keep the job after being paid a whopping 20 bucks.
Arra was texting on the pool deck. Then her hand slipped. The phone fell into the pool! She dived for it immediately, but it was too late. The phone was completely destroyed!
Stan and his friends went to the bowling alley on a busy night. The alley worker told them it would be a 45 minute wait. Stan reached into his pocket and then slammed a $20 bill down. The worker apologized then for the 15 minute wait. Stan repeated this process and the worker took them to a lane.
Carla had a pet rabbit who lived in her backyard. His name was Dandelion. For days the carrots in the garden had been going missing. Mama said if she caught Dandelion digging carrots he would have to go. Who would have believed it was Garfunkel the Schnauzer who did it?
My spacebar stopped working. I took it off the keyboard. A piece had broken underneath it. I took it to a repair shop. They repaired it for me right then.
Bob decided to propose to his girlfriend. He took her out to a nice dinner. During dessert, he got down on one knee. He made a speech and then proposed. She said no.
Mark really wanted to meet his favorite author. There were too many people in the line to meet the author. Mark was turned away from the book signing. Mark went next store for a coffee. The author was there next to him buying a drink!
Jerry has been obese for a long time. He decided to finally turn his life around. He goes on a low carb diet. He also starts jogging. He loses 100 pounds in a month.
Ruth found the circumstances hard surrounding her ex. He was a loving man but the two were so different. She thought the right thing was to break up with him. Her wealthy parents never approved of her boyfriend. Ruth then knew that love would win out over approval.
In 2014 I got our friends Joe and his wife Mary a museum membership. They had unlimited access to the Gardner Museum in Boston for one year. They live in Manchester, NH, an hour away. They tried to go to the museum but never did, all of 2015. They had intentions of going, but never followed through.
Cathy was getting ready in the mirror. She noticed a weird mole on the side of her head. She'd never seen it before and had no idea where it came from. She was picking at it when suddenly it came off. She was freaked out but decided to just go with it.
Isa was getting married but couldn't afford a bouquet. She confided her trouble to her three kind neighbors. Then the nice ladies offered her a solution. They let Us pick several roses from each of their gardens. Isa ended up with a beautiful hand picked bouquet!
Lisa was waiting for an important letter. She checked the mail and there was an envelope addressed to her. Lisa nervously opened the envelope. It was the news she was waiting for. The letter was an acceptance letter to college!
Kay was a waitress and good at crises. One night her boss said they were out of napkins. Kay wondered what to do. Then she had a great idea. She ripped up hand towels and passed them to the happy diners!
Allie noticed it was snowing outside. She then prayed for a snow day. To her delight the phone rang. It was the school and it was canceled. Allie was happy she got to go back to sleep.
Benny took the baked chicken out of the oven. He prepared a plate for his girlfriend to eat. She took a bite of the food. There was a red piece of meat on the chicken. After looking at it, she spit her food out.
Jake was feeling sick. Nothing he took made him feel better. Eventually he was taken to the hospital. Jake was diagnosed with the flu. It was rough but he eventually recovered.
Ava was nervous for her doctor's appointment. She had to get a shot so she could go to Kindergarten. At her appointment she sat in her Dad's lap. Ava got her shot and was very brave. After the appointment, Ava's Dad took her to get ice cream.
Scott had just come to the office for the day. He realized that a printer had been stolen. He knew that it had to have been an employee. He asked everyone who it was. No one would confess so Scott called the police.
Yvonne wants a snack. She has been on a very strict diet lately. However, Yvonne is craving chips for a snack. She went to the pantry for her snack. Yvonne doesn't regret breaking her diet for chips.
Tom's hero was a writer. He was going to be at a local book store doing a signing. Tom excitedly waited hours for it. Once he got the chance to finally meet him he was disappointed. The writer was rude and indifferent.
Cara finally took the training wheels off her bike. She was excited to finally ride the bike without them. Thankfully she was able to take them off. To her surprise however, she fell off the bike. She skinned her knee and needed first aid.
My cousin had won a contest at a minor league baseball stadium. He won the right to throw out the first pitch. We played catch for weeks in preparation of the event. When the day finally came he threw a perfect pitch. He had a great day and got many souvenirs from the team.
Amy wanted her tongue pierced. She went to a piercing studio to get it done. Afterwards, her tongue swelled up horribly! Amy couldn't eat anything solid for over a week. She decided to remove the tongue piercing.
I once had a lot of money. I didn't spend it wisely. I bought all kinds of crap. I ended up with no money or food. Being broke sucks.
Anne was covered in flour. She'd been baking cookies for hours. She wanted to bake enough to bring them to her office. Once she was done, she boxed them up. Her co workers all raved about the cookies.
Lorrie is driving her jeep. Lorrie hits a hole in the road. The car flips over and over. Lorrie climbs out of the wreckage. She walks to the hospital to get help.
Peter wanted to surprise his wife with a flower garden. He went to the store and bought some seed packets. He plowed the ground and planted the seeds. Peter watered the seeds every day. After a few weeks, his wife had a garden of blooming flowers.
Lynn was in a lot of pain. She had a horrible headache. She took Advil and laid down, but nothing helped. Lynn decided to try a warm compress. Finally, she had some relief!
Jennifer had not received any phone calls for days. She was beginning to feel sad and unpopular! She finally noticed that her volume was turned down. She turned it back up with a sigh. All those messages from the last few days would take time to answer!
Sean broke his mother's favorite vase. The vase was priceless. Sean asked for forgiveness but his mother was angry. She grounded Sean for one month. Sean learned he should be more careful in the house.
Hallie woke up. She was not feeling well. She got mad when she had to miss school. Hallie went back to sleep. When she woke up she felt much better.
Kevin was bored of his daily life. He wanted to do something spectacular. He tried playing sports but it wasn't his thing. He tried reading but it bored him. Finally, he watched many movies and he found out what he wanted to do.
Billy's dad spent all morning raking leaves. There were big piles all over the yard. Bully couldn't help himself, he had to jump in them. He picked the biggest pile to dive in head first. His dad was not amused as leaves flew everywhere.
Ruth was visiting her grandfather's farm. She liked animals but the tall horses scared her. Ruth's grandpa brought her to one of the horses. He showed Ruth that the horse was kind and gentle. Soon Ruth felt much less scared and calmed down.
I watched a sad movie yesterday. It was called the notebook. In the movie, the couple dies at the end. My sisters cried at the end. I was sad too, but the movie was beautiful and people should watch it.
The man cleared his throat. People expected him to speak. The man did not realize that. A few moments passed in silence. Then conversations resumed.
Jenny really wanted to become a marine biologist. But as she lived in a desert, she had to leave everything behind. She packed her things and moved next to the ocean. She studied very hard and became a good marine biologist. Now she still misses her old home, but the ocean is now her new home.
Eric was a careful spender. Eric only bought things he could get a discount on. He only asked for gift cards at holidays. Over the years he accumulated many gift cards. Now he only pays for things with gift cards.
I had to drive to the parking office to get my parking permit renewed. At the parking office, I took my parking permit in with me. Inside, they told me that I did not need to bring the permit in. They renewed my license and gave me a brand new parking permit. But when I got back to my car, I had received a parking ticket.
I tried to make bread at home last week. Everything was going fine. When I went to take it out of the oven something was wrong. The bread was flat and mushy. I still have no idea why.
Amy and her friend went riding when Amy got a new bike. They rode for hours without paying attention to the time. It was dusk before they realized it was time to go home. They were farther than they thought they had ridden. Amy's wasn't able to ride for a week as punishment for being late.
Lisa got a freshly baked bread to try. She tried it and it was delicious. However later that night she got sick. She went to the doctor. She found out she had a gluten intolerance.
Lisa walked slowly and carefully. She was in an art museum full of important works of art. She saw pieces by many famous artists. She felt like she had learned a lot. Lisa was grateful that she got to see some famous paintings.
Scott went out to his car in the morning. He got in and turned the key. The car wouldn't start. Scott went to his neighbor for help. His neighbor helped him jump start the car.
Lucy and her grandma pulled into the library parking lot. Lucy jumped out of the car and ran inside. All their computers were in use. Lucy took a number and waited her turn. After 20 minutes she was finally online again.
Sam loved goats. She went to visit her aunt Sue. Sue lived on a farm. Sam was so happy to see the baby goats. Aunt Sue gave her a goat.
Ashley was upset that her DVD player no longer worked. Every time she turned it on, it made an odd grinding noise. She tried to fix it on numerous occasions, without any luck. Her friend came to stay at her house that weekend. To her surprise, the friend played a DVD in it on the first try!
Today I was assigned to do the dishes. There were over fifteen pots and pans to wash. It took me over two hours to get them clean. I am glad I only have to do dishes once a week. I will use less dishes because I do not like to wash them.
Susie went on a date with Fred. She was excited to go out with him. But the food was terrible. Susie was not impressed. She never wanted to eat there again.
Tim had an ant farm as a kid. He would like torturing the ants with a magnifying glass. He would try to burn up as many as possible. His parents found out and took the farm away. They also promptly put Tim into therapy.
My buddies and I went to our local bar. These two big guys were arguing about a girl. The bartender tried to break it up, but he made it worse. Soon the two big guys started fighting and breaking chairs. We just left and didn't want to be a part of it.
Anna was reading a book. She went to take a sip of water. Suddenly, she knocked her cup over. The entire book became soaking wet and fell apart. Anna was never able to figure out how the book ended.
Sarah was tired of seeing spiders in her room. So she decided to use special bug spray. But later, she read that birds are a better solution. So she built a birdhouse to attract birds to her backyard. And she didn't see spiders in her room anymore.
Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day. He once decided to try and race the turtles, to see which was fastest. He blocked off the kitchen floor, and set them all out onto the tile. He pushed and poked, but none of the turtles moved much at all. Matt figured turtles may not be the best pet to try to get and race.
Juniper was very afraid of pain. Yet she wanted to have her ears pierced. She asked her friend to accompany her to the boutique. When the employee pierced her ear, she shrieked. And her friend's hand was completely numb with pain.
Davis never liked the idea of fishing. However, in his town all young men are expected to fish. Finally Davis goes fishing for sea bass. He catches a mighty sea bass on his first try. Davis decides that fishing is more fun than he thought.
Jane invited her friend to a game of tennis. It was supposed to be friendly. Jane kept getting more competitive. Eventually her friend told her she wasn't having fun. Jane apologized.
Sam is playing in her tree house. Suddenly she feels a pain. She starts to cry. She runs to her parents. Her parents told Sam she was stung by a bee.
Masato decided to shave her head With a scissors she cut her hair close to her head. Masato uses an electric clipper to cut it all off. She puts shaving cream on her scalp. Masato uses a blade razor to shave it smooth.
Peter was driving to work one day. On the way to work he ended up having a large scale. Peter could not breathe. He was gasping for air and called 911. Thankfully people came right away.
Patty slipped and fell. She felt an intense pain in her back. She could hardly walk! She called the doctor and got an x ray. He told her to rest for several days.
Today I build a sandbox for my son. The box was really big and took a lot of sand to fill. The box is big enough for my son's friends to play too. The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children. I am going to build another box for more kids to play in.
Will was a boy who really loved animals. Will's greatest dream was to go on a real safari. Will's parents surprised him with a safari trip for his birthday. Will saw every animal he loved while on the safari. Will also got a pretty good sunburn during the trip, too.
Ben had to help Roger move furniture out of his house. However, my mom needed my help since I was sick. He told Roger that I would come later. While helping his mom, she created problems. For example, she dropped her dinner plate on purpose.
I walked into the liquor store. I spent time looking at the selection. I chose a pink champagne. I purchased it and went outside. I accidentally dropped and broke the bottle.
I am named after my grandma. This can be confusing sometimes. I go by the nickname Jill. My grandma goes by the name Jillian. This helps people tell us apart.
Tom was making food. He accidentally burned some of it. It created a lot of smoke. His smoke alarm went off. He had to manually turn it off.
Julie overslept that morning. She had to rush her shower to arrive in time at work. As she climbed on the bus, she scratched her head. She found soap bubbles when she retrieved her hand from her hair. As soon as she arrived at work, she cleaned the bubbles away.
My family got together to celebrate Christmas. They left their belongings in the living room to eat dinner. However, several phones were missing when they got back. My aunt gave the family the benefit of the doubt and blamed Jim. Although he didn't admit that he did it, she showed the phone to Sam.
The sky was really black. The wind started to pick and and things were blowing around. I ran inside the house to stay dry. It rained for hours. The sun then came out and I went out to play.
Jason wasn't feeling well. He had been out in the sun all day. Jason started to drink more fluids. He stayed out of the sun. Slowly, Jason started to feel better.
Amy had a crush on Dave. One day she asked Dave if he would have lunch with her in the quad. She waited outside with her lunch for Dave to show. Lunch ended, but Dave never came. Amy was hurt to have been stood up.
Kia's brother offered to shake her hand on Halloween. She thought it was weird, but she accepted. But as she shook, she got a literal shock! Her brother had put a buzzer in his palm to scare her. Kia was startled and angry!
Anna was jogging with her phone in her pocket. Suddenly she heard a noise and looked down. Her phone had fallen out of her pocket! Scared, she bent down to pick it up. She was so relieved to see it wasn't cracked!
Rose was at the jewelry store. She wanted to buy a new watch. She tried on each one. She liked the rose gold watch the most. She bought it and wore it home.
Justin was good at everything. He was a great student and artist and athlete. Everyone was very jealous of him. Justin's one failure was when he fell during a pole vault. His friends felt guilty that this made them feel better.
I had pancakes for breakfast today. I usually have them with blueberries. Today was special though, I had them with chocolate chips today. I think from now on I'll have them with chocolate chips. So long blueberries, we had a good time.
Jason takes a trip to Maine. He drive to the famous lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth. He finds it very beautiful. He takes many pictures of it. Jason drives home after his trip.
Jake worked a part-time job after school. He saved the majority of the money that he earned. He eventually saved enough to buy a car. He bought a car from the local dealership. Jake became a taxi driver with his new car.
I was 38 weeks pregnant when I got my contractions. I rushed to the hospital for my delivery. The doctor did an ultrasound and found the baby is breech. The doctor thus had to perform an emergency c-section. A healthy baby was born and both baby and I are doing good.
I felt pretty cold today and tried to act normal. My nurse took my temperature. She ordered several antibiotics since I had a huge fever. I became mad since I didn't want to take the antibiotics. I ended up being at bed rest for several days.
Mary decided she was going to be productive today. She got out her computer and all of her documents. She got a cup of coffee and turned on the computer. When the computer booted, she opened several tabs, ready to work. Then she spent two hours on Facebook and got no work done.
Anthony has been wanting a new pet. His dog had recently passed away. While in the pet store he sees a pretty cat. He decides to buy it and take it home. Anthony loves his new cat.
Tilly was working on her very own garden. She had spent countless weeks working on everything. One morning she went to check on her plants. Unfortunately, she saw that everything in the garden had died. She decided to do some research before making another attempt.
Lindsey went for a walk. She saw a few goats in a field. She said hello goats. The goats stiffened and then fainted. The farmer told her they were fainting goats.
The other day I saw a pink squirrel. I had no idea why it was pink or near my yard. It wasn't until later that I noticed the open garage door. I went in and noticed a spill can of paint. It was pink.
Janelle drove down to the hot springs. She loved to sit among the mountains and rest in the hot water. She breathed in the sulfur. Once her fingers were pruney, she got out and dried off. It had been good for her soul to relax.
Allie wanted to go to the beach. She had been planning it for awhile. But then it started to rain. Allie was so defeated. So she then decided to see a movie instead.
Taylor had warts on the bottom of his feet. His step mother took him to get them removed. Shortly after, she took him school clothes shopping. Taylor could not walk from the pain. His sister carried him all over the mall.
Rob tried to open the door but a furry dog wouldn't let him. The dog called Furry Dog looked deep into Rob's eyes. Rob knew this dog was gonna attack him. He started to run, but Furry Dog jumped on him. Rob tried to prevent the dog from attacking his private parts.
John loved pizza. He decided to cook his own. As he was cooking, he got a phone call. He completely forgot about his pizza until he smelled smoke. John's pizza was black and crispy.
Jerry was cooking a steak on his cast iron skillet. All of a sudden, his skillet lit on fire. He had set his stove way too high of a temperature. Jerry let the flames die down. He had to turn off the smoke detectors inside his home.
Edith found a good deal on an expensive shirt. She knew others would pay more for the shirt. Edith posted the item on EBay. Several people bid on it. Edith made a profit of fifty dollars.
I've always loved to bake. My father is a diabetic and on a very strict diet. Today, I decided to bake a sugar and starch free dessert for him. This afternoon, I baked a banana bread for him from scratch. Once it cooled, I got in my car and delivered the bread to him.
Bob was a computer scientist. He enjoyed natural language processing. He decided to revolutionize the industry! He formulated a machine learning algorithm to process words. He won the nobel prize for his work!
My wife is retiring next week. Her boss has been interviewing applicants. Her boss had scheduled time off to travel this week. This interfered with her ability to interview more people. She is now worrying about hiring someone.
It was Amy's first day at the local pizza joint. Nobody knew how well she would do. But then they gave her a chance to make a supreme pizza. To everyone's shock, Amy did very well! They were quite impressed.
Sam got a new job last month. He had been applying to places for months. Finally, he got a call back and an interview. Now he finally has a source of income. Everyone is happy for him.
Jay was a high school freshman who loved basketball. Jay practiced all summer to get ready for tryouts for the team. Jay was nervous, but he did his best on the first day of tryouts. The coach asked Jay to stay behind so they could talk. The coach told Jay he will be the team's starting forward!
The school year had just begun. The Kindergarteners were very nervous. They had never been in school before! They learned how to walk in line and follow the rules. They really liked being students!
Patty wanted some new shoes. She found a great pair of tennis shoes. She was going to wear them to the gym that night. When she took them home, she realized one was missing the laces. Patty took them back to the store.
Andy had just learned to play the guitar. He was getting tired of his hands hurting. Andy started to practice less and less. He got less interested in playing the guitar. Andy never learned to play the guitar.
Big Jim was the favorite for a pie eating contest at the fair. Billy being very short and skinny couldn't eat as much as Jim. As they started Jim was eating a lot but started slowing down. Billy began to get ahead and eventually Jim lost. It turned out Jim was already full from all the other contests.
Tom was interviewing for a new job. Everything went well for him. He answered most questions confidently. Tom was offered the job that same day. He gladly took it.
Pepper the cat loved clawing up his owner's walls. This made his owner very frustrated. Pepper's owner gave him a scratching post but he preferred the walls. So Pepper's owner decided to order him some cat nail caps. Once the caps were on Pepper's nails he stopped wrecking the walls.
Eloise loved looking at the night sky. Every night, she would walk outside to search for a shooting star. She believed that the shooting star was also a wishing star. One night, she finally saw the shooting star. Eloise closed her eyes tightly and wished her greatest wish.
Tom was at the drive through. He waited minutes for someone to take his order. He finally went around to the window. Tom didn't see anybody there. He realized they had already closed.
Tim got a new set of boots. They were black and glossy. He wore his new boots outside. A puddle was in the way of his path. Tim stomped into the middle of it splashing water everywhere.
The best part of the candy store was the chocolate fountain. Kelly loved trying the fountain all the time. The chocolate was delicious. She liked it so much she bought her own fountain. Now she could make them whenever she wanted to.
Anthony has been sad ever since his dog got hit by a car. He decides it's time for a new pet. He heads down to the local animal shelter for a new dog. He selects a new dog. He takes it home and loves it as his new dog.
Maria lived in Miami on the beach. One summer, a hurricane headed toward Florida's coast. Maria and her family had to evacuate to a safer region. The hurricane made landfall and flooded Maria's house. Maria's family made repairs and moved back into their house.
I told my boyfriend I had never carved a pumpkin for Halloween. He drove to the store and bought five for me to pick from. I picked the biggest and heaviest one. He gave me a marker to draw the design and showed me how to carve it. That was the happiest Halloween I had ever had.
Florence loves to try eating new food. At a party her friend throws, she noticed a new kind of nut. Her friend told her that they were called Macadamia nuts. Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good. When she went home she was happy to have tried something new.
Molly met a new dog. Her mother said she was not allowed to play with strange dogs. Molly decided to ask the owner if his dog was nice. The dog's owner said she could pet the dog. He was very friendly and soft!
Charles' mother kicked him out the house. Now he is homeless in Houston Texas. His grandparents wired him one hundred and twenty dollars After a bus ride the following day, his money was gone! He called his grandparents again and pleated for more money.
A cop pulled Sam over. She wanted to know his reason for speeding. Sam remembers that he has drugs in his trunk. The cop eventually found out about the stash. Since he's aware that he's going to jail, he accelerated.
He had a lot of work with spanish in it. He wanted to get into the mood. He ate mexican food for breakfast. He also played spanish music. He worked on it all day long.
Robert wanted to plan something special for his wife's birthday. He knew her favorite singer was going to be in concert soon. Robert got floor tickets for the concert. He presented her with the tickets at dinner. Robert's wife was excited at her gift.
My friend Dan has a seventeen year old son, Tom. When Tom was ten he was watching soccer with his grandfather. His grandfather had a heart attack and died. The shock affected Tom so much he needed a year of therapy. He seems adjusted now.
At the fair, Lisa's chubby son was thrilled when he saw the pony ride. Lisa saw a sign with a weight limit, but bought a ticket anyway. The man running the ride hefted her husky son onto the pony's back. Lisa waved at her son as the music started. Her son's pony took a couple steps, then abruptly halted.
Two tennis players were playing a match. The winner would go on to play the top ranked player. One of the players served the ball so hard the other played missed. The player who missed had lost the match. He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player.
Pat was installing a new rug in his home. He was not able to nail it down perfectly flat. He got up to go get more nails for the rug. When he came back he tripped over the bumpy rug. Pat dropped his nails and they went everywhere.
Anthony always wanted a career in photography. But he never saw a job posting for a photographer. One day he posted on facebook pictures from a rap concert in a park. An A&R from a record company contacted Anthony on facebook. The A&R offered Anthony $5,000 for a photography documentary.
Allie signed up for an advanced math class. At first it was terribly difficult. She wondered if she'd overestimated her math skills. But then the material grew easier, and Allie relaxed. She knew the smart class was the right place for her!
Carla's youngest child, Faith, was sick with the flu. The family had been planning a trip to the zoo but Faith couldn't go. Carla said that she would take her other children anyway. She was very pleased that they opted to wait until Faith was well. Faith was too little to understand, but her siblings really loved her.
I was really broke and hungry. I looked in the kitchen and there was only bread. I made toast, but it looked nasty. I decided to add sugar and cinnamon to it. After that, I was  able to happily enjoy the toast.
Chris wanted to try out for the school soccer team. He was so excited he practiced everyday after school for hours. He signed up for tryouts. When he went to tryouts he did a great job. Chris made the soccer team!
Morgan loved playing outside. Her mom bought her a pogo stick. She would bounce up and down on it for hours. When she was finished with it, she laid it in her garage. She wanted to be able to grab it as soon as she woke up!
Ashton was taking a yoga class with her sister. She was trying to do some of the difficult poses. Suddenly, her pants ripped open. She was so embarrassed and she ran from the class. Her sister came out after her and they never went back.
Butch surprised everyone by being the fastest sprinter in his school. Even though he was in the seventh grade, he outran older kids. They went to a track meet and he outran everyone there. He was fast but one eighth grader in the state was faster. He practiced his starts using a parachute and beat the other person.
I need bookmarks when I read. I have the use of only one hand and lose my bookmarks. I used to cut them out from cardboard ads. I recently bought 100 bookmarks from Amazon. They are very useful.
The weather was very hot. Johnny's fan broke last year and had not been replaced. He went to the store and discovered they were sold out of fans. Johnny called his sister to see if she had a spare fan. She did and Johnny was able to cool down on the hot day.
Kelly and Rob had a date for tonight. Rob picked her up at six. The two of them had a great time. The date went so well, they ended with a kiss. Rob and Kelly agreed to see each other again.
At school we decided to have a mock debate. We chose two groups of people. Each group took a side. The teacher gave us a topic to debate. We went back and forth debating our views.
Gina was working hard. She had a goal to reach. Each hour, she inched closer. When she finally reached it, she celebrated. The goal had been very important to her.
Glen got new neighbors. They had a small dog. The dog would bark throughout the entire night. Glen asked them if they could keep him quiet. They said they would try but Glen wasn't hopeful.
We had a read in one day at school. All we did the whole day was read. I took some books from home. I sat in a bean bag. It was the most relaxing day ever.
Jane was supposed to be walking home with groceries. Unfortunately she had way too many bags to carry. She called her boyfriend and explained the situation. Luckily he came to her aid, arriving to help carry bags shortly. The two got the bags home much quicker thanks to his help.
Mia went to the zoo on a field trip with her class. She had never seen so many different animals before! They spent hours walking around the exhibits. A lion roared as she passed by him. Mia decided that the lion was her favorite animal.
Serena noticed something that looked like a caterpillar in her tea. At first she couldn't figure out where the fuzzy object came from. Suddenly, another piece fell and landed by her laptop. It was falling off the fan blades she hadn't cleaned lately. She grabbed the vacuum and remembered to clean them often.
Page was having trouble with a math problem. The school was closed, and she needed some help. She called her mom, but she wouldn't be home until late. Beth decided to try to figure it out herself. After much work, Beth solved her problem and felt proud.
Penny had lived in the same village her entire life. One day, suddenly, an unexpected storm rolled through the village. This caused mass flooding and evacuations. After a few days, Penny was allowed back into her home. Unfortunately, she found her house was a complete loss.
Jenna puts on her pants and reaches into her pockets. She finds a ten-dollar bill in the left one. Smiling, she finishes dressing and leaves to meet her friends. They gather at their favorite coffee shop. Erica shows them the money, then happily buys everyone coffee.
Ryan was planning for a trip to Texas in December. He browsed Google to find the cheapest flight. Google stated that the flight would cost $340. Ryan felt unhappy with that price quote. He called his flight attendant friend who bought him a cheaper ticket.
Gus crashed his Cessna into a cornfield. He survived, but most of his bones were broken. He activated the rescue beacon with the last of his strength. A local ham operating noticed the signal. He thought it was just noise and switched to another frequency.
June fell out of her tree house. Her arm really hurt. Her mom drove her to the hospital. They did an x-ray. They could see that she had a broken arm.
Michelle and Jay went hiking on the four mile path at the local park. They took a wrong turn and realized they were lost. It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out. The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike. When they emerged from the woods they felt a great sense of relief.
Lily had spent the last ten years taking care of her senile sick nana. At first she was bitter, but caring for Nana taught her compassion. Lily learned that a person's value is more than what they can do. Her grandmother finally died, having not spoken for 10 years. Lily never forgot the lessons her grandmother taught her.
I was browsing the internet when a pop-up screen appeared. It said I had a virus on my computer and gave me a number to call. Worried that I had a virus, I immediately called the number. The person who answered demanded $100 to solve my problem. He got rid of the virus after I paid with my credit card.
Moran was up all night trying to finish an essay. He had wished he started earlier instead. Time was running out and Moran was frantic. Finally in ten minutes he was done. When Moran hit send he felt relieved.
Jane went out swimming in the ocean one day. She swam a little too far and climbed on a rock to rest. She noticed sharks swimming in the water around her and got scared. She shouted for help from the people on the beach. Steve jumped in his boat and rescued Jane from the rock.
A lady took her dog to the dog park today, She had not been before. She let the dogs loose and let them run free. A man came up with a somewhat aggressive dog. She thought nothing of it, He wouldn't bring his dog if it was mean. She had to snatch up her pups from being hurt and never returned.
Margo began babysitting her mother's employer's son. She found a disturbing photograph in the house. She was bewildered by the photo. Margo questioned her mother's boss about the picture. She was reassured her that it belonged to her eldest son.
John told his son it was quiet time before bed. His little boy, Tom, would not stay quiet. So John tried turning on a movie for him. Before long Tom was sound asleep. Now he won't sleep without the television being on.
Grace was excited to have her first piano recital. She was rather nervous but excitement took over her. As she took the stage, she played the pieces perfectly. Grace felt relieved. The audience roared with applause
Ava was walking through the woods one day. She spotted a gorgeous patch of wildflowers. She knelt and began to pick them. Arriving home, she placed them in a large vase. Ava was thrilled with her forest acquisition.
In the first police interrogation Ike was very confused. No one told him why he was arrested but only that he should confess. He refused to confess to anything and demanded a lawyer. The detective in the room told him he can see a lawyer in a few hours. Ike decided to stop talking and wait until he could get a lawyer.
Mike needed to paint the walls of his house. He couldn't choose the right color. So he decided to call his friend Mary. Mary and Mike went to the store to pick up painting. Mary helped Mike to choose the perfect color.
Grace wanted to go camping. She wrote out a list of everything she needed. She had to buy a lot of supplies at the sporting goods store. She packed up her car and grabbed her map. She said she was heading north to find a nice spot.
Barry needed new clothes. He shopped online. He didn't find what he wanted. He went to a local store. He found the best clothes there.
Jodie is Hallie's favorite teacher. Jodie lets Hallie's class take a break. The kids play during the break. They have a lot of fun. This is why Jodie is Hallie's favorite teacher.
Charlie was a 35 year old virgin. He lived with his parents house. One day Charlie was looking at pretty girl at work. Charlie drooled over the girl as he watched in the closet. Charlie's manager found him and fired him on the spot.
Ron decided to become a vegetarian. He found out very fast that he didn't like beans or tofu. It didn't leave him a lot of food to eat that would provide proteins. In the end, he had to give it up for health reasons. He went back to eating meat and regained his strength right away.
Gina had returned early from recess to find her teacher in the room. Gina hoped to find the room empty. Now the teacher was leaving to make copies. Gina waited until she was down the hall. Then she went to search Dave's desk.
Bob went with his family to watch his little brother play baseball. It was a cool day so his mother told him to wear a jacket. He didn't bother to listen to her. It was really cold waiting on the field for almost two hours. He decided he would listen to his mom next time.
Bert loved to drink coffee every morning. He often would drink a pot of coffee all by himself. Bert began to get heartburn a lot. He began to drink less coffee. Bert's decreased coffee intake helped alleviate his heartburn.
Rachel woke up late because her alarm failed to go off. She dressed quickly and grabbed her purse She reached in her purse for her house keys, but they weren't there. She looked around for almost an hour, to no avail. Finally she opened the front door and they were dangling in the lock.
We used to buy dim sum from a restaurant in Allston. Recently the restaurant moved. We have searching for dim sum restaurants in our area. We found one in Belmont. Sadly, they do not make the dim sum dishes we like.
My group took our food cart to the front of the school. When the bell rang, everyone ran out of their class. They surrounded the cart since they wanted to purchase food. When the crowd was gone, we counted our total sales. It ended up being $450 dollars.
Laurie was painting her house. She worked every morning and afternoon on the painting. She knew a realtor was coming to view her work in only a week's time. Laurie began to realize that she would not finish in time. Laurie had to hire a professional painter to finish the job.
Jimmy recently joined a baseball team called the Little Tee's. He practiced with them very hard. Their first game was in a week and Jimmy was nervous. His parents and team supported him very much. Jimmy's team won their first game 7-3.
Ingrid Mountain Dog was a famous Swedish bartender. She was renowned for having a special ingredient in her drinks. One day Sneaky Pete came into Ingrid's bar. He tried to drink a whole bucket of Horse Milk. Sneaky Pete never snuck again.
The wave hit the boat. It flipped the boat over. The passengers on board were trapped. Another wave turned the back over. Some of the passengers survived.
When we were at my cousin's place we had to chop some wood. We each took an axe and took swings at the logs. My older nephews were much better at it than me. I was too weak and barely made any dents. It was my first time learning how to chop wood.
Singing was Jay's passion, but he had stage fright. He wanted people to hear him sing, so he made a plan. He went to a local studio and recorded himself singing songs. Then he passed the tapes out to his friends and family. They told him he was the best singer they'd ever heard!
A penny candy store was opening up. Tina really wanted to try it. So she headed over with friends. All the sudden she spent a lot of money. But it was worth it to her.
Alice bought cute new heels. She wore them out to the bar one night. Within minutes her feet were killing her. She had to spend most of the night sitting. She almost never wore the shoes again.
Sue and Victor decided they wanted to bake some cookies. They found a recipe online and wrote out a shopping list. When they got back from the store they started to bake the cookies. While the cookies were baking they got distracted watching television. The cookies were too burnt to eat.
Harry left his house for work. Harry did not realize that someone was stalking the place. The person robbed Harry's house. Harry went home. Harry saw that he had been robbed and had contacted the police.
Tim was preparing to take a trip out of town. Tim would need a ride to the airport. Tim asked his friend for a ride. His friend complied. Tim obtained the ride to the airport he needed.
Carmen measured her foot to get her shoe size. She tried on a pair of shoes. She walked around the store in them to see how they fit. She took them to the counter and purchased the shoes. She left the store and took them home to put in her closet.
Georgina realized no one was in the house. She laid down on her bed and took off her pants. She turned on some sexy music. Georgina slid her hand down her panties. Then she fell asleep because she was too exhausted from work.
Scott loved to surf. He worked long hours to earn money for a trip. At the end of the summer he had enough money saved. He took a trip to Australia for 2 months. He surfed every day he was there.
Hannah was babysitting her three nieces. It was a beautiful day out. She took them outside to ride on her horse Captain. She let them pet her donkey and chase the chickens. They had such a fun day playing on the farm.
Allie shared a room with her step-sister. Her step-sister did not like Allie. One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom. She send her mean notes through the door. Allie decided to sleep in the living room that night.
Tori liked to get a souvenir when she went places. She loved the machines that flattened pennies. She got one at the zoo that had an elephant on it. She added it to her collection. It would always remind her of that day.
Sandy was babysitting her nephew. She gave her nephew two glasses of soda. He wasn't supposed to have soda. Her nephew was very hyper. Sandy's sister wasn't very happy with her.
It was Jim and Stacey's anniversary. The two decided to go on a cruise to celebrate. They had so much fun and the view was amazing. They met other couples on the trip that were also celebrating. They decided to make it an annual recurring trip.
There is a loud dog next door that never stops barking. He barks all day and all night. I tried talking to the neighbors who didn't seem to care. I posted a Craigslist ad for a free dog. Problem is solved, dog is gone.
Joe brought home a new kitten. It was very angry. It scratched everyone. Joe gave the kitten some milk. It turns out the kitten was thirsty.
Sasha bought a hunting license for the first time. She wasn't sure where to start. Her cousin took her out for the first day of deer season. Sasha saw a massive buck after only an hour in the woods. She shot her first deer!
Allison was a great athlete. She was going to the Olympics in track. She ran many laps every day. A week before the Olympics, she tore a muscle. Allison was devastated to not compete.
A farmer grew peaches. They ripened in the fall. There were too many for him. He contacted his friends to come pick them. Everyone was very thankful.
Marty's shoes were worn out and full of holes. Marty decided that he should buy a new pair of shoes. He went to the store to buy some shoes. At the store, Marty tried on lots of shoes. Marty found a pair he liked and bought them.
Jackson needs to find something to cook for guests arriving today. He looks in his cupboard and sees that he has ingredients for soup. Jackson cooks a terrific chicken noodle soup for his guests. All of his guests love Jackson's soup. He is very happy he found something to cook for them.
A new park opened by Andy's house. Andy was very interested. The old park had gotten ran down over the years. Andy went to the new park. The new park had new trees and well maintained grounds.
Bryan was looking for a song he heard on the radio. He spent 20 minutes looking for the name of the song. After not being able to find it, he started typing in the lyrics. Google found the song through the lyrics. Bryan was happy so he bought the song through itunes.
Tucker took his mother's car without permission. He got home and parked it in the same spot carefully. Tucker didn't put the key back where his mother left it. He also forgot to readjust the car seat. Tucker's mother knew that he had taken the car.
I never really enjoy Thanksgiving much due to not having much family. This year, I was invited over to my son's cousin's house. We had so many food items, the dinner was truly delicious. After we ate, the adults gathered for a few games. When we finished, we said our goodbyes and went home to sleep.
Jamin always thought he was a good driver. However, he was not a very safe driver. He was always driving over the speed limit. He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit. Now, he always drives the speed limit.
Dustin loved to wear his baseball cap everywhere he went. On vacation his family visited the windy city of Chicago. Dustin's baseball cap blew off his head and into the street. His dad waited until it was safe before getting Dustin's cap. He loved his baseball cap even though it was a little dirty.
Julia had just had her baby. She really wanted to breastfeed. For the first month she gave it a try. It was very difficult and she began to hate it. Finally she decided it was best to quit.
Kelly wanted to go ice skating. She had never tried it. But she could rollerblade, so she thought it would be easy. But Kelly had been wrong! She fell five times in her first hour of ice skating!
Davis has wanted to learn how to dance for months. One day he sees a street performer dancing a jig. Davis asks the man for a lesson. The performer charges davis one dollar for a jig lesson. Davis is very pleased to learn how to dance a jig.
Beth had a wonderful young son. Beth was a single mother. Beth's son begged her to buy a pet for their home. She allowed him to have a pet gerbil. Beth's son loved the gerbil and was happy.
John always wanted to be a cop. He did well during his training and was sure to get the job. During graduation he was excited to start working. John had an intense first day on the job. It was different than expected but motivating still.
Todd was a music producer. He worked with a lot of high profile rappers. One artist Todd worked with didn't like his skills. He ordered Todd to make coffee every day while his man took over. Although Todd felt undermined, he had to take it on the chin.
An artist was making an anime show. He was given a short deadline. The producers wanted the show out quickly. So he quickly made an episode in only one week. Unsurprisingly, it had low quality.
Jay wanted to go to his junior prom. But he hadn't been able to find a date. He really didn't want to miss the dance, so he thought of a new idea. He invited his mom to come to the dance as his date. The two of them had a great time and danced all night!
The supermarket had sold out of black beans. I decided to buy lentils instead. My friend recommended that I mix the lentils with rice. I decided to give her recommendation a try. The combination of rice and lentils was delicious!
John was at summer camp. It was at a lake. John loved spending most of his time swimming and playing there. He especially loved the slide. He went on it more than anybody else.
Isaiah wanted to become a better football player. He talked to his coach and shared his dream of being a starter. The coach stayed after practice with Isaiah, working on his skills. When Isaiah improved, the coach even showed him a special trick play. The first time Isaiah started, he used the trick play to win the game!
Cathy's favorite artist Beyonce was having a concert in the park. Cathy knew she had to be there early to get a good spot. Cathy woke up at 1 am determined to get a good spot. However, when Cathy reached, she saw a massive crowd. Cathy knew she would not get a good spot at the concert.
Blake made a burger for dinner. He used a huge amount of ground beef. The beef wasn't allowed to cook thoroughly. Blake ate his burger anyway. Blake was sick all night.
The family was grilling out. They decided to grill shrimp. They stuck them on skewers. They flipped them as they cooked. They served them with corn on the cob and a salad.
Kelly wanted to move to Austin. She started watching online for apartments. At first everything was too expensive. Soon enough, she was able to find some cheaper places. Finally, she found the one that she wanted.
Sean loved music. One day, he saw an ad for a job. Someone needed music made for an app on the phone. Sean applied and got the job. He made the music and ended up making tons of money.
Jan wanted to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. She took out the peanut butter, jelly, and bread. She spread the peanut butter and jelly evenly on her bread. Then she put both of the pieces together. When she finished making it, Jan sat down and at her sandwich.
The egg toss contest was down to two pairs. Joe gently tossed the egg to Frank with no problem. Then the girl team did the same. Frank took his turn but threw too hard. The egg broke right on Joe's chest, leaving a mess!
I saw Raiders of the Lost Ark when I was eleven years old. Soon after, I decided I wanted to be an adventurer archeologist too. I put on my dad's steel toed boots and tool belt. I went into the back yard and dug several huge holes, like Indy did. I got in big time trouble when dad got home that night.
Gary loaded up his truck on Saturday morning. He took his kids to the fishing hole. They fished for an hour and caught ten fish. They took them home and fried them that night. It was a great fishing trip!
Mollie was coloring her hair the day before prom. She needed it to stay on for ten minutes for strawberry blonde. But she fell asleep for an hour. When she woke up she washed the color out as quickly as she could. But her hair had turned bright red!
Daniel heard he was a sucker for love. His best friend told him that on a couple of occasions. But Daniel was sure he found love when he met Becky. They were friends less than one month when Daniel bought her a laptop. She took his gift but told him she liked a different guy.
Sally and Charlie hardly ever agree. Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble. The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie. Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally's face. Dad sent them to bed without any pie.
Gustav had to mail a package at the post office. He realized that there was only fifteen minutes left until it closed. Gustav raced out the door to his car. He got to the post office just in time. Gustav got his package out at the last second.
Tina bought a new dress. She washed it before wearing it out. It shrank a lot in the wash. Tina didn't realize how short it was. She wound up flashing her underwear to several people.
I was walking down the street one late night. I was coming close to my apartment building when I was stopped. A man walked in front of me with a gun and asked for my money. I gave him my wallet and then ran away. I finally made it back to my house and called 911.
Sal was a Chemist and a brilliant one he was. He enjoyed brewing his own coffee every morning before work. He had many rivals in his place of work due to the nature of it. One morning before work he fell gravely ill after drinking his coffee. The police say he was poisoned but by who they never knew.
Jimmy was in the 1st grade. His teacher was beginning to teach the class how to write cursive. Jimmy practiced writing his name in cursive. He also wrote a letter to his mom in cursive. His teacher congratulated Jimmy on learning so quickly.
Christy went shopping every Saturday but this week she went on Sunday. She got stuck in traffic, and her grocery list was left at home. Shewould eventually make it to the store but then it was crowded. After 2 hours she finally got home. Christy will never try to go to the store on Sunday again.
Charles decides he no longer wants chest hair. He shaves his chest hair with a razor. Although his skin is irritated, he hair is now gone. Charles is satisfied. He is glad he shaved his chest hair.
Bob had a terrible case of stuttering. He decided to get help. He hired a speech therapist. He worked hard to improve his stuttering. After many years, he no longer stuttered!
Gretel came into our family as skinny stray puppy five years ago. She was severely malnourished and showing signs of having parvo. My family decided to take her to our local veterinarian. He was able to get her back to health after many weeks of treatment. We adopted Gretel and she has been my constant companion since then.
I got tickets to the Red Sox game. I have never been to a game. My boyfriend bought them for me. I was so excited. It was so fun.
Megan wanted to plant flowers. She called her mom for help. She went to the nursery and bought lots of flowers. She planted them in her yard. All but two died.
Linda got up extra early. She was going to make pancakes for her kids before school. She saw she was out of milk and eggs. Linda felt terrible. SHe had to feed them toast instead.
Lucas played basketball at the park everyday. He was very good, so his coach recruited him. Not all of the team players were excited about their new teammate. Some of the players called Lucas names. However, by the end of the season, Lucas had made many friends.
Will had planned on buying his dad a gift for Father's Day. He realized when it was time to shop, that he was broke! Will couldn't face the disappointment. He didn't even call his dad on his birthday. When he finally had the nerve, he apologized for being inconsiderate.
Ronny went to a local chicken fast food joint. He ordered fried chicken. When he got home he bit into a piece. He realized the chicken was undercooked. Ronny drove back to the store and demanded a refund.
Tom had a new job. He wanted to make a good impression. He would show up early to work his first week. After a while his boss got used to it. When Tom didn't go in early he got reprimanded.
Kevin was making pasta one night. He started smelling something gross on the stove. He thought it was the food but the food was normal. Then he realized it was plastic burning on the burner. Somehow, a piece of trash had stuck to the pan and burned.
Sophia was a soccer player. She was in the middle of a big game. Suddenly, her foot slid in the grass. She twisted her ankle and immediately fell down in pain. Her parents had to take her to the doctor's.
Dan was awakened by a thud in the middle of the night. Dan slowly rose from his bed. Dan walked over to the window, peering out at the rain. Dan heard the thud again. Dan then saw it was just a tree branch brushing against the window.
Joanna placed a pack of gum in her bag for the long plane ride. The flew higher and the pressure in Joanna's ears began to build. Popping a piece of gum into her mouth, Joanna began to chew. The pain in her ear subsided. Joanna was glad she had put a pack of gum in her bag.
Evelyn had an important audition on Saturday morning. Friday night, Robert wanted to go out to do karaoke. The couple agreed to go to the bar and not drink. Robert and Evelyn succumbed to peer pressure and drank. Evelyn was very hungover at her audition in the morning.
Jill was very conscientious about her oral health. She used the same type of toothbrush every day. She noticed one day the blue in her toothbrush was fading. Jill went to the store later to pick up a new one but they were out. She wound up buying a new type of toothbrush and she liked it more.
Kevin was lonely and depressed. And he had no way to express himself. He found a general discussion forum. And he made an account and began posting. Right away, Kevin experienced the socializing that he needed.
Ed wanted a stylish new best like his friends had. He checked in stores, but they were so expensive! He asked his sister May for help. May took an old shirt and carefully cut and sewed. She made Ed a vest better than any he'd seen in stores!
Wendy wanted to be on a skydiving world record. She practiced and practiced doing canopy formations. She went to the skydiving camps and jumped on big-way formations. She skydived on the 100 way world record. She was excited and happy.
Last summer, a wild cougar was in our suburb. Several neighbors noticed their pets were scared to go outside. Some of the dogs and cats were killed or maimed by a large animal. Eventually, the police said their was a wild cougar in the area. It look almost 2 months, but finally the cougar was caught.
Ben and Jen love fortune cookies. They always enjoy reading the fortunes. When Ben opened his cookie, his was empty. Jen's cookie had two fortunes inside. Jen shared a fortune with Ben.
Sophia had always been teased for being so pale. So, she decided to go to a tanning booth to get a tan. This was her first time tanning, and she baked for way too long. She was in pain and her skin was bright orange. Now she was being teased for being orange and discolored!
Kim was visiting Paris. She went to the edge of the river Seine. She watched the boats pass by. The water was wild and fast! Kim thought it was pretty but dangerous.
I woke up one morning and got dressed. I had a package in the mail at the post office. I walked down the street for 20 minutes. When I got the post office, I went to the counter. I was greeted and given a brown box.
Kelly heard a stone hit her window. She went outside to see what it was. It was her boyfriend. Kelly then opened the window to sneak out. However her parents found out and grounded her for a month.
Yesterday was the anniversary of Kelly's sister's death. She was not going to forget. She got flowers together to put on the grave. When she got to the grave she weeped. It was too much for her.
Little Trent went to a circus for the first time with his family. He was in awe watching the acrobats flip and fly through the air. He saw a strange looking man with wild hair. The man honked his nose at Trent. Trent started crying.
Jane decided to get swimsuit ready. She bought some free weights. She began working out every day. She started to see a change in her body. She was ready to rock her new bikini.
Sara was grocery shopping. She noticed that her milk was leaking. She notified a cashier. The cashier quickly retrieved a new milk for her. Sara thanked her.
Lisa had a beautiful snowy white dress for prom. She was barely there ten minutes when someone spilled punch. It splashed all over the dress. Now it had an interesting pink pattern on it. It was definitely different than anyone else's dress that night.
Gage had a big math test coming next Friday. He wanted to get an A on it. He asked a friend to help him study. She helped him study. He aced the test and got an A+.
Whenever I cooked, I always burned my hand. This happens when I cook the simplest of meals. I really needed an answer to this problem. My friend bought me oven mitts. After than I never burned my hands.
Bob was diagnosed with cancer. The doctors told him he had two months to live. Nevertheless, Bob decided to fight the disease. Amazingly, Bob surpassed two months. In fact, Bob defeated the cancer and lived a healthy life.
Jim owned a dog named skip. Skip needed to be walked everyday. Jim took skip on a walk to the local park. Skip saw another dog and took off running. Jim chased skip for an hour.
All the students at Smith school got to bring their dogs to class. This was allowed once a year, and it was a special occasion. On this day, they principal threw a party for the dogs. At the party, the dogs ate treats and played fetch. This was the best day of the year for all the neighborhood dogs.
Ky was a little chubby and wanted to lose 20 pounds before summer. In spring she began dieting and walking each day. She even asked friends to join her on her walks to keep her company. After four weeks she had lost ten pounds. And by summer, she had lost the other ten!
Lara loved shopping. She tried shopping everyday. Today there was a sale. She tried getting her hands on these new shoes. Yet to her dismay they were sold out.
My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user. Yesterday she posted a video about a spider. A spider had gotten into the living room. She was trying to find it but it crept under a table. She posted a video of herself screaming.
Steve wanted to plant a garden in his backyard. He went to the local nursery to choose plants. He chose some flowers and some vegetables in pots. Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants. When he was done, Steve stood back and admired his work.
Jake was at the pool with friends. They decided to have a race from one end to the other. Jake had a good start. He actually pulled ahead and won. Everyone was happy and congratulated him.
Chip wanted to drink only fresh milk. He lived in a big urban city. He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk. Chip drove two hours out of town and found a farm. He paid the farmer big money for some very fresh milk.
Michael went outside. The temperature was really hot. He got permission to go in the pool. Michael had a great time swimming. The water also cooled him off.
Nick's mom lived next door to him. He would usually go to her house for dinner. Nick moved across town. He no longer ate at his mom's house. Nick learned how to cook for himself.
Kate constantly worried about everything. But drawing helped reduce her stress. So she tried to draw whenever she could. But she realized art wouldn't help her earn enough money. Kate's financial worries eventually stopped her from drawing.
Alan went out for hot dogs one summer night. But it was very late. All the restaurants were closing for the night! Alan had to go to the grocery store and buy his own hot dogs. He grilled them up and ate them at home, satisfied.
Han was drinking coffee at his computer desk. He accidentally spilled some on his keyboard. He tried to clean it up. But his keyboard didn't work. Han decided to buy a liquid proof keyboard.
Rhonda decided she wanted a new hair color. She looked at brown hair colors, and red hair colors. She choose red. After using the dye, Rhonda regretted her choice! She decided to dye her hair brown as soon as possible.
I love eating leftovers of great meals. But I don't like having the same meal back-to-back. This has created a problem. I wait for a day after eating a meal to go for the leftovers. In the intervening day, my family has usually eaten them all.
Emma knew her mom wanted jewelry for Christmas. She was only 8, but she determined to please her mom! She got out her string, beads and jewelry clasps. Then she made her mom the nicest necklace she could. Her mom was so pleased with the Christmas necklace, she cried!
Lydia went shopping for clothes. She brought back many items. Her husband said they couldn't afford those things. She told her husband she wanted a divorce. He reminded her he was also the only one with a job.
The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year. One year they bought a vacation house on the beach. The family came to see their house vandalized one year. They're cleaning it up, when their friends from nearby approach. It turns out they were the ones and everyone laughs about it.
Eli was bored so he went to read the forum. The conversation was on trivial fluff that served no purpose. Eli suddenly realized why the people were there. They'd been kicked out of everywhere else. Eli went and found something more productive to do than reading it.
It had come time again to celebrate a dear friend's birthday. I needed to hurry and get ready. I started by taking a shower and cleaning myself up. After bathing, I put my clothes on and headed out the door. Before I knew it, I was at the bar celebrating with my friend Jeff.
Nic was lighting off fireworks one Fourth of July. But it was his first time and he was nervous. He managed to accidentally burn the tip of his thumb! But Nic had heard far more serious horror stories. He was relieved that his injury wasn't worse.
Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie. One day, Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man. Ronald slashed Stephanie's tires on her car. Stephanie called the cops and Ronald went to jail. Ronald didn't care, he was planning to kill Stephanie later.
Ella had her plush Bear since birth. All through childhood, she slept with Bear, patching him as needed. In her teens she packed him away in her closet lovingly. But then, packing for college, she rediscovered Bear. Smiling, she decided to bring Bear with her to college!
My Dad was attending a school for the blind in Cleveland. My sister went to visit him. She took him out to eat to a place they'd never been. Driving back, she became lost. My Dad gave her directions and they made it back to the school!
Ryan was walking home from the grocery store. He had a big bottle of orange juice in one hand. Suddenly, the juice fell onto the ground. The plastic busted open and juice began to pour everywhere. He didn't know what to do about it, so he just walked away from it.
Lisa was making dinner for her parents. She made a chicken casserole. When the timer went off she opened the oven. It looked exactly the same as when she put it in an hour ago. She had forgotten to turn on the oven!
Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell. He was a successful artist with a promising future. Maxwell told Brenda he needed to talk to her. She thought he'd propose but he wanted to break up. Brenda walked away and now she is the saddest girl out of everyone.
Matt was having a bad day. He felt his life could not get any worse. His friend April could tell he was feeling down. She talked to him to cheer him up. After the conversation he realized tomorrow was a new day.
Walking home from school, Pirya saw a small kitten. She sat down in the shade to pet her. After a while Priya realized the kitten didn't have a mom. Since Pirya didn't either, she decided to take the kitten home. Now the Pirya and the kitten have each other.
Jess had a favorite show. All week, the show advertised for their season finale. She planned to watch it when it aired. That night, she made some snacks and sat on the couch. Then, she watched the episode.
I used to have a really cool black go kart. I would ride it almost everyday and had never flipped. One day my cousin came over and she wanted to ride it. So she hopped on and was doing really good. She turned to tight and flipped it resulting in a broken arm.
The weatherman was told that he was going to be fired. This made him very angry. During the weather report on the news he lied. The weatherman said it would snow in July. Many angry viewers called into the station.
Jon and his pals picked up rocks along the tracks. They had fun smashing the rocks with hammers. They were surprised to find the rocks looked different inside. Jon remembered his uncle had a rock collection. He planned to find out what was inside those rocks.
Ken hated airplanes. He was deathly afraid of flying. One day he had to fly to meet relatives. He took medicine to calm his nerves. It was barely enough to get him through it.
Ted spent a lot of time playing video games. A new video game was coming out soon. Ted saved up money so that he could buy it. When the game came out he bought it immediately. He spent the next week playing the game.
Joe was feeling a bit sick. He attributed his sickness to the Chinese food he ate last night. Joe clutched his stomach in pain. He called the ambulance to bring him to the hospital. The doctors confirmed that Joe had food poisoning at the hospital.
Tom had new neighbors move in. They had a couple of cats. They would let them out all day. Tom often saw them digging around in his yard. He didn't really care enough to complain.
1974 was my best summer. I weighed about 200 pounds in May. I am only 5'4" so that was heavy. My friend egged me on to go on a diet. I lost 40 pounds by September.
Facebook reminded me that I went to Tanglewood two years ago. We do not drive long distances and took a bus. The bus picked us up in Boston and traveled to Tanglewood. We listened to Mozart and Beethoven. The bus got us home by early evening.
We used to live by a small pond in Boston, Massachusetts. I loved walking by the edge of the pond and taking photos. I had a stroke in 2011 and cannot walk too well. We moved away from the pond to Cambridge, Massachusetts. Luckily, our home is across the street from another pond.
I got a surprise package the other day. I had not ordered anything. I had no idea what it could be. I opened the box eagerly. It was just a promotion box with small samples.
Ryan was driving along the main road. It was dark out. Ryan saw a deer ahead and stopped. It was a good thing Ryan had stopped. A whole family of deer started crossing the road.
Alicia walked into the room. Her parents were saying hello to everyone. But when people saw her, they had no idea who she was. When she told them they were shocked. They did not recognize her at all.
Kevin wanted to go skydiving. He checked the internet and found a local skydiving business. When he showed up for his appointment, nervousness set in. He went for it anyways and had the thrill of his life. Kevin is going skydiving again next week.
Jill wanted to go the all the fashion shows with her friends. Every time they would go to the New York shows they get front row seat The show was about a half hour long and showcased beautiful collection The girls were thrilled at all the pretty clothes. They knew for sure they would buy many.
Amy and Beth were feuding. Amy had nothing good to say about Beth. Amy's friend Sue reminded Amy that Beth was her friend for 10 years. Sue begged Amy to forgive her friend. Amy was too stubborn to take Sue's advice.
I have a pet cat named Nala. She had decided one day that she was going to venture outside. She was lost for days and had gotten into a fight with a stray animal. When she was found she had multiple injuries. We rushed her to the vet, and she was all fixed up afterwards.
While fishing one day, I caught a large shark. The first thought was to cut the line and run. The shark had huge teeth and was 6 feet long. We were able to get the shark into the boat and secure it. Once home, we had shark for dinner and it tasted great!
The man got wet. He went home to get dry. His home was locked. He couldn't find the key. He had to go to a neighbor's house to get dry.
The poker tournament started inside the cafeteria. Tanya went against James in the first round. While Tanya wasn't looking, James looked at her cards. An official noticed and disqualified James. Tanya advanced to the next round.
Mya went to the casino with $20, hoping to win big. But she lost $1 at a time until she was almost broke! She bet her very last dollar at slots. To her surprise, alarms started ringing. Min had won the $5000 jackpot!
Timmy had to renew his driver's license. He went to his local DMV. He waited in line for nearly 2 hours. He took a new picture for his driver's license. He drove back home after an exhausting day.
Susie ordered a sandwich at the restaurant. She thought it would take a half hour. It took two hours. So Susie complained. She did not leave a tip either.
Ginny had never seen so many fresh veggies in her life. She was amazed by all the selection as she walked. Every stall at the market seemed to have something different. She grabbed a fresh bunch of grapes and bought them. Ginny had a fantastic time at the farmer's market.
Ed is very tired. Ed is hungry. Ed decides to order pizza. He has a pizza delivered to his place. He enjoys his dine in meal.
Lindsay was underage. Her friends were going to a club. They gave Lindsay a fake ID. The bouncer caught the fake ID. Lindsay called her parents to pick her up.
Mike never got good rest. He would wake up exhausted and in pain. Mike decided to invest in a new mattress. He bought a sleep number mattress and loved it. He was waking up well rested and without any pain.
Tom really loved to play challenging video games. So tom bought a Bloodborne for the PS4 because it was very tough game. He played everyday for hours and hours. He died over and over again and almost gave up. He keep trying and finally beat the game.
Jay had been waiting over a year for the new game to come out. It was announced last week that there would be a beta test period. Jay constantly refreshed his email daily, hoping to get in. On the 8th day, Jay awoke to an email stating he was in. He had never been more excited for an email as he was that moment.
Rufus is running late after his English class. He knows that he has to hurry to get on the school bus. Rufus sees the bus drive away just as he gets outside. Since he missed the bus he needs to walk all the way home. Rufus swears he will never be late again.
Nate really wanted to make money to buy computer parts. He decided to work on Mechanical Turk to get this money. Nate completed survey and various tasks for small cash. Then, he finally got enough to buy his parts! Nate bought the parts online and was very happy.
Timmy was drinking a glass a water. A fly flew into his water. Timmy screamed in terror! He knocked over the glass onto the ground. Afterwards, he had to clean up all the spilled water.
Lisa's daughter was three. They had been shopping and running errands all day. The child was thirsty so Lisa bought her a drink. Lisa's daughter spilled the drink in the car. Lisa stopped allowing her daughter to drink in the car.
Tim got stuck in quicksand while hiking. Both of his legs ended up getting sucked in. Thankfully, he remembered how to get out of it. He laid on top of the quicksand with his stomach and crawled out. He managed to get out in no time.
One day a child left the gate open and Ludo got out of the yard. Ludo roamed the streets doing dog things. He got lost but found a man who took him to the pound. Ludo's owner went looking for him at the pound. Ludo was found and taken back home.
James wanted to get his driver's license. He studied the book every day for 2 weeks. James got his mother to take him up there to take the test. He was so nervous. James passed the written part which made him happy.
Tycho and his mom took the rubber raft onto the lake. Tycho's mom rowed the boat. Tycho tried to catch fish. He didn't catch any fish. They had fun anyways.
Neil was visiting Dover, England. He loved the local culture and cuisine. But he wanted to see a great view! So his guide directed him to the famous white cliffs of Dover. Neil found them so lovely, they took his breath away!
Peter was very excited. He found his favorite movie on DVD at the store! He bought it and rushed home to watch. He laughed hard at his favorite parts. He was happy he could watch it as much as he wanted!
I finally made it back to school. I had to stop for directions. I had become lost. I was coming from my hometown. I had tried to take a new rout.
Henry left a box of salted crackers on top of the table. His twin kids managed to take it by using a stool. Since they didn't have lunch yet, they devoured the crackers. When Henry came back into the living room, he found the box. It was lying on the ground, empty inside.
Finding a bridge to jump off into water was no easy task. We stumbled upon one deep in the recesses of a ravine. As we began to disrobe, we felt a nervous energy whisper through. Frightened enough to not want to jump, we saw three bears staring. Our new onlookers gave us the confidence we needed to take the dive.
Jerry wasn't good at telling jokes. Yet, every year, he went to a joke contest and tried to win. His jokes were so bad that no one ever laughed. And he always went back home with no trophy or pride. Only then did he find someone who laughed at his jokes: his mirror.
Beth's kitten got lost when her brother left the door open. Beth put up fliers all around the neighborhood. She spoke to everyone she saw to ask them about her kitten. Finally a neighbor down the street called Beth's number to say he had Beth was ecstatic to see her kitten again.
Franz notices that his hair is thinning. He decides to shave it completely. One day he shaves it with a razor. He likes how he looks without hair. Franz is happier without hair than with thinning hair.
Mavis had a cat named Beacon. Beacon liked to jump on the keyboard while Mavis was on the computer. Mavis went to the attic and found her old keyboard. She put the old keyboard in Beacon's sleeping box. Now you can hear Beacon typing on his keyboard every day.
Derrick and his friends were seniors in high school. They wanted to go a little crazy one day after school. Derrick convinced them to smash mailboxes with bats. They went around a neighborhood at night and destroyed some mailboxes. The cops were called and all the boys had to spend the night in jail.
Jake was running late for work. He tried to shave in a hurry. Unfortunately he cut himself. Jake never really noticed. Someone pointed out the blood on his face.
Sarah had always dreamed of going to college. Sarah studied hard and applied to the best colleges. She wanted to impress her family by reaching her goals. She received a letter about denied entry to her college of choice. Sarah did not give up on her dreams of attending college.
They only ever affected one of the plants. The leaves had orange spots. The fruit was fine. The three other plants looked normal. The blackberries were in our back yard.
It was a cold winter. Sam had been using his heater non-stop. It finally broke down. His landlords had it fixed in a week. Sam had to wear extra blankets until then.
Sara sniffed in the cool fall air. She lifted her basket and began to fill it with apples. Back at the house she prepare the apples and the other ingredients. She baked all afternoon. The apple pies were a big hit at the school luncheon.
Jenny likes to sail. He father taught her how. She never goes alone because it is dangerous. Her favorite trip is going to Morocco. The only thing she doesn't like is when there is a rough storm.
I woke up early. I grabbed a coffee. I told them I wanted it black. They gave it to me quickly. I rushed to work.
It was an extremely hot day outside. Tara was on a run in the park. The sun scorched her entire body as she ran. She had forgotten to put on sunscreen. Tara had really bad sunburns by the end of her run.
One fall I was on a church retreat about two hours from home. At the retreat site there was a mountain. We liked to climb the mountain but I was always really scared. There was no security against falling so I was nervous going up. When I finally got up the first, I was rewarded by a night of worship.
My son's FB friend owns a house in Allston. She has been there for ten years. Yesterday she got a $100 parking ticket. Her car was too close to a fire hydrant. She went on FB to voice her discontent.
Tyler disliked going to the movies. He heard all the loud noises and bright lights and panicked. Tyler tried to duck under the seat but his mom didn't let him. He started crying and his dad took him to the bathroom. Tyler's parents decided he was maybe too young for the movies.
I was repairing my fence. I decided to use a nail gun to repair the posts. I accidentally shot a nail through my hand. Now my hand was stuck to the post. I realized I should be more careful when repairing fences.
Moe flew a kite on a windy day. The wind was so strong it pulled the kit from Moe. The kite flew right into a tall tree. Moe tugged at the string but the kite didn't move. He had to climb the tree to get it down.
Tom worked long hours for his employer. Tom developed an eye twitch. Tom began studying relaxation techniques online. Tom implemented and practiced the techniques and strategies. Tom eliminated his eye twitch.
The sprinters lined up. They were getting ready to race! They all took off running when the gun sounded. They raced around the track. It was a photo finish!
Fred is a very talented painter and paints something every week. He puts his work online for people to buy. Fred's upset because there isn't a demand for buying art right now. Then Fred saw that one of his paintings sold for one thousand bucks! Now Fred is inspired to make more and more artwork for money.
Tyler was a lonely man who desperately wanted to get married. He created a dating profile online, complete with pictures and a bio. He went on many dates with girls, but only one stuck out to him. After dating that special girl for 2 years, he asked her to marry him. They are now happily married and Tyler is no longer lonely.
Liz had a box of filled chocolates on her dresser from her boyfriend. She told her brother he could have one after he begged. She opened the box to find there was only one missing. But her brother had poked holes in every one to find his favorite. She was very annoyed, but he had only eaten one.
Lou's dad went fishing with his friends one Saturday a month. Lou always asked to go along but his dad said he was too little. Then one day, Lou's dad said he could go! He and his dad went out on a boat with fishing poles. He was very excited when he caught his first fish that day.
My best friend went to work as she normally does. She was looking forward to a holiday launch celebration. While enjoying the luncheon, a man came in with a gun. He started shooting at everyone in the room. My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis.
Donald was walking around the lake. He saw a duck swimming in it. The duck paddled silently through the water. When he was at the other side, he climbed out. Donald loved watching the duck in nature.
The boy had a crush on a girl. He wrote her a note. She didn't respond to the note. He tried to talk to her. She turned his back to him.
Ava was sore after a long workout. She went into the spa part of her gym. She disrobed and slipped into the hot tub. There, she soaked for an hour. When she climbed out, she was relaxed and no longer sore.
At the football game a fan got excited and stood up. He ran down to the bottom of the stands. The fan raised his hands and ran along the stands. All of the stands stood up to do the wave. The fan kept the wave going for 5 minutes.
A new video game came out that looked very cool. I saved up money for weeks to buy it. I found the game on a website online. I put my card info in the site and bought the game. I waited for a few days for it to arrive in the mail.
My friend Bill had a colonoscopy recently. The next day he had rectal bleeding. He went to emergency and was admitted. The doctor had nicked him during the procedure. He was in the hospital for two nights.
Jason felt bad about the condition of his community. He decided to do something about it. Jason ran for city councilman. He ran a good campaign and told people he really wanted to help. Jason won the election and became city councilman!
We went to the museum because they were having a special exhibit. It was all local exhibits that talked about products that are unique. They were all things that were made and produced here. It was so interesting finding out about these things. I am glad I went and have a new sense of history.
The teacher asked the students what could make the class better. The class thought about it for a while. They responded they wanted class outside. The teacher agreed. They had class outside together.
Jane was playing with legos. Her little sister was bored. Jane turned away for a bit. The little sister wrecked her lego set. Jane was really upset over it.
Jimmy always wanted to be a rock n roll star. However, Jimmy's parents always discouraged his music career. They said it was unlikely that he would be successful in music. That made Jimmy work 10 times harder to prove them wrong. Now Jimmy is a proud and successful rock n roll singer.
Elaina was a little person. She hung out with many other little people as friends. The friends started to bully her and be really mean. She was used to this from regular people, but not little people! She dumped her little friends and made new regular sized friends.
Pop got a new boat today. It is bigger than his last one. I can't wait for him to take me fishing. We always have a really good time. Sometimes we even catch some fish.
There was a loud noise outside. The woman felt scared. She called a friend. The friend came over. They could not find the source of the noise.
Bob just made oatmeal. And he decided to let it cool off. He sat on the couch and watched TV. But when he walked into the kitchen, he saw a bowl of oatmeal. He had to heat up his oatmeal again.
Anna saw a cocoon in her apple tree. She eyed it curiously. She checked on it every day. A few days later she saw something emerging from it. She stared in awe as a beautiful butterfly came out!
Jody had a horse that could gallop faster than any other horse. She took it to market to be sold. Sensing it's fate, the horse bolted from the fence and took off. Days later, they tracked the horse down. It had ran all the way to North Dakota.
I am on the board of directors for Inti. This is a nonprofit group that helps immigrant kids in Manchester, NH. Inti provides free soccer training, as well as remedial English. A lot of the Inti kids need after school tutoring. I hope It continues to help the poor kids of Manchester.
Beth decided to build stereo speakers for her school's science fair. All of the students were very impressed by her work. And they enjoyed listening to music from Beth's native country. But one of the teachers feared it the speaker system was dangerous. And Beth was taken the principal's office and questioned for an hour.
Marcia had the same best friend until Junior High. When school started that year, her best friend avoided Marcia. Marcia asked the girl why they were no longer friends. The former friend said she had outgrown Marcia. Marcia went home and tore up a picture of her friend.
I decided I wanted to play the keyboard. I tried a few notes. I sounded awful. I took lessons for a full year. After that I could play entire songs flawlessly.
Tom was lying in the hospital bed. He was really sick and his fever had finally died down. Tom looked outside his hospital room window and saw how cloudy it was. He wanted to feel some cheeriness. A nurse noticed Tom's frown and left him a happy face balloon.
My grandpa picked me up from my house. We went to his rural farm. On his farm, he had a large pond. We sat at the pond and fished. I caught two fish and put them back in the water.
I loved drinking water from glass bottles. One day, I dropped the bottle and it broke. I had to spend a long time picking up the glass shards. I decided to use plastic bottles instead. Now, I wouldn't have to clean up glass shards!
Jadon was a very good friend. He was always an encouragement to others. One day his friend Caden was having a hard time with math. Jadon worked and worked with him until he got it right. Everyone always wanted to have a friend like Jadon.
Toni had a cat. She loved the cat. One day it got caught in the tree. Toni got mad. She looked for it and tried to get it.
Aaron was searching for a job online. Yet he found himself applying for College. Moments later he received a call from Independence University. Now he sits on his computer night and day. Working extremely hard chasing after his Degree.
Adam was so excited to start preschool this year. On his first day he wore his favorite Spiderman hat. He was so excited that we got there early. I was a little sad but Adam didn't hesitate to run into the school. After school he was so happy to tell me about his day.
Jamie loved her job. She was a 911 dispatcher. She got a call one night that was very difficult. Something horrible happened to a child. Jamie quit her job after that.
George was shopping in a pet store. Suddenly, his arm bumped a cage. The cage fell and opened, and tons of mice ran out. George panicked and called for a store worker. The worker ran up and started wrangling the mice.
The police officer parked his car to the side of the road. He was trying to observe and drivers that were speeding. One driver also pulled to the side of the road. He got out and took off his pants to urinate. The officer immediately arrested him.
Larry and Michelle were getting married. They asked a friend to perform the ceremony. The friend went online and got a license to wed the two. The ceremony was unique and wonderful. They definitely won't be forgetting it anytime soon!
When Bill is in college he loves Dunkin' Donuts. They always have coupons. He can get a dozen Boston Creme donuts for almost nothing. But one day he gets a bad batch that makes him violently sick. Bill never returns to Dunkin' Donuts again.
Jill decides to ride the ferris wheel at the carnival. She is having a good time until it stops. The ride has malfunctioned. People have to wait for hours until the fire department rescues them. Jill vows to never get on another ferris wheel.
Shayna squinted at the recipe card. She'd written down a recipe but now she couldn't read it! She tried to figure out what it said. She remembered that the last word had called for garlic. She added that in and hoped for the best.
Joe killed Wayne. Wayne's sister, Wanda killed Joe. Joe's sister, Jane, killed Wanda. Jane was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years. But Wanda's cousin shanked her to death in the shower.
When I was a kid, St Patrick's Day was my favorite holiday. In the morning, we dyed pancakes green for breakfast. We dressed in as much green as possible. We spent the day together and were happy. It's no wonder it was my favorite.
Malcolm hadn't studied for his big test. He walked into the classroom and sat down. The test started, and Malcolm tried to look at someone's answers. The teacher noticed and sent Malcolm to detention. Malcolm was glad he didn't have to take the test.
There was once a very large spiny toad. He hopped his way into the Smith house. The smith's were curious, and brought him to the zoo. The zoo was happy for the horny toad. And now the horny toad is on display at the zoo thanks to the Smiths.
Rena owns way too many objects. She has decided to declutter immediately. She walked around her home putting items into 10 different trash bags. When they were all filled she donated all 10 trash bags. Rena has successfully decluttered her home of 10 full trash bags.
I had always hated the rain. Whenever it rained, I let it ruin my whole day. One cloudy day, I was walking down the street and it started raining. At first I was mortified, but then I felt very much alive. The soft rain hitting my face and body felt very good and pleasurable.
Clarence got a break in the music industry, now he thinks he is God. He recorded an album with his cousin in Oakland. Doctor Drew heard the album and paid Clarence one million dollars. Now Clarence owns a house and sometimes drives around his old block. When his friends flag him, he keeps driving because they are poor.
Ina walked to and from school every day. But one day she forgot her warm coat, and it snowed. One of her teachers noticed her thin jacket. Then he offered her a ride to her house. Ina was glad for the warm ride.
Ahmed lived a happy life in a small village in Syria. War broke out causing Ahmed to flee with his family. Ahmed and his family got on a boat to cross the sea for a better life. The boat capsized causing Ahmed's family to drown. Ahmed lives an unhappy life alone in a refugee camp in Europe.
In school, Josh received help from a speech pathologist. Josh had trouble pronouncing certain sounds in 3rd grade. Due to this, Josh had trouble reading on a 3rd grade level. His mom helped him practice the sounds he couldn't pronounce. Josh read three books that year!
I was front squatting in the gym. It made my wrists hurt badly. I couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong. Then a trainer told me that my wrists were in the wrong position. After fixing the position, my wrists no longer hurt!
I wanted to buy new headphones. But I didn't have much money. I looked for as many headphone reviews as I could. And I decided to buy Koss ksc75s. I was impressed by how the $13 headphones sounded.
Sally loved to watch TV. She watched a lot of programs every day. One day, the company decided to not air the shows. Sally was furious! She called in and was able to have her shows returned.
Nell was excited to use her new box of 64 crayons. The teacher handed out a worksheet with the colors labeled. Instead of coloring the sky plain old blue, Nell used periwinkle. When the worksheets were returned, Nell was dismayed. She got a bad grade for not following directions.
Tika had a short haircut. She was tired of having short hair. Tika was too impatient to wait for her hair to grow back out. She went to a salon that specialized in hair extensions. Tika left with long luxurious hair and was very happy.
Miranda doesn't like that her husband works too many hours. Her husband discussed reducing his hours to appease his wife. The employer had a solution for the issue. Miranda's husband was promptly fired from his job. Miranda no longer complains that her husband works too many hours.
I last visited Fenway Park in September of 2011. My wife's boss gave her tickets to a game. She did not want to go, but I did. The Red Sox lost, and I had a stroke a few weeks later. I never went back to Fenway Park.
Ben was bored one afternoon. He invited his friends over. They decided to play dice. Ben won a few games and lost a few. He had a fun afternoon playing dice.
The Waldorf's were staying at the fanciest hotel in town tonight. As a gift of gratitude, the hotel offered a large hotel credit. The Waldorf's were allowed to purchase gifts with a 100 credit. The family decided to take a peek at the store and load up. They ended up purchasing numerous fashion jewelry pieces.
When I was four years old, I went to a relative's farm. On the farm, they had all kinds of animals. I walked behind the horses in the stable one day, and they yelled. They said not to walk behind the horse, but I wasn't paying attention. I got kicked by the horse directly in the head, knocking me down.
Eric wanted to take a year off after high school. He wasn't sure what he wanted to do with his life. Eric used his year to figure out his life path. He did plenty of things and finally decided on being a doctor. After his year off Eric went to College to pursue his dream.
Barbara went to Paris to take epic pictures. She went to all the major attractions and immortalized them in print. She was about to leave when she saw a bird on the ground. She took a picture and it turned out to be the best one. Barbara framed it in her apartment and loves this one above all now.
My dad taught me to drive. We approached a curve. I asked whether or not I should brake. I was scared of flipping the car. But braking was not needed.
I looked up to see all the dirt on my ceiling fan. I took a duster and cleaned off all the blades. Then I took the globes off the lights and washed them. I then put the globes back on and wiped the rest of the dirt. I looked up to see my clean ceiling fan.
Gina was sitting in her room by the window. She was yelling at kids as they walked by. Her mother came out and stood on the sidewalk looking up at her. Gina knew she was in trouble. Her mother made her close the window and grounded her.
James invited his friends over to play a new board game. Nobody had played this game before except James. James won all night. His friends were upset so they went home. James realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone.
Lucy's mother told her that Santa would come when she was sleeping. Lucy was too excited to go asleep. She thought she heard reindeer on the roof. She ran out of her bedroom to see Santa. Instead, she saw her parents putting presents under the tree.
John and Kerry were a happy married couple. They decided to buy a dog together. They decided on a Husky because it was the most beautiful. They bought a Siberian Husky. They loved that dog and it completed their family.
Bob had a stuffed bear when he was young. He used to play with it all the time. Until one day he got sick and threw up on the bear. His mother cleaned it up so he could use it again. But from that day on he called it barfy bear.
Stu wanted a certain radio controlled plane. It wasn't cheap and he needed to save his money. Stu saved all his money for months. Eventually he had enough for the plane. Stu went to the store and bought the plane.
Bill and his class were doing a project in their computer lab. But Bill finished faster than everyone and chose to play games. A girl told her teacher that Bill was playing games and not working. The teacher forced Bill to present his project first. And everyone was very impressed.
Missy was swimming with her family. Suddenly she noticed her wedding ring was missing. She panicked and searched for over an hour. Then, she remembered that she had taken it off in the shower. Sure enough, the ring was there in the soap tray.
Ricky was off from work. He decided to go for a run at the park. Ricky got tired in the middle of his run. He had a bad cramp on his sides. Ricky had to walk back to his car afterwards.
My class was having a party on the last day of school. I told my mother I had to bring a dish to the party. My mother took the leftovers out of the refrigerator. She put the leftovers in a container. I took the leftovers to the party.
I got a new puppy a few months ago. This puppy was very unruly and messy. I decided to take him to obedience school. After a long, hard time of training, he finally graduated! Now he is a very good, obedient dog.
We live in a condo with storage bins for each unit. Once I saw a bin was not in use. I put my amazon books into the bin. Later I found the bin was locked. I removed the door with a screwdriver and retrieved my books.
Kim had always been very tall and thin. In grade school, she was mocked mercilessly. Even in high school, where thin meant good, she was often teased. But after high school Kim got an offer that made up for all that. A scout offered her a huge salary - to work as a fashion model!
My 99 year old friend Ben is not very computer savvy. His kids bought him a big screen tv and cable service. His daughter bought him an Apple stick for streaming video. He could not figure out how to use the tv, let alone the stick. He just likes to sit outside.
For their anniversary, Ken and Tina went to Hawaii. The two had a great time. They enjoyed the views and the water. Yet unfortunately it started to downpour. That ruined the end of the trip.
I got a call from a stranger today. I ask who the person the person was. The caller stated he was selling health insurance. I told him I had health insurance. I told the caller to not call my phone number again.
I handed my gift to my sister. She quickly opened it to see what's inside. The gift was something that she requested for weeks. However, she had a mean grin since she changed her mind about it. I took the gift back and walked away.
Jane moved in and started working on an old house she bought. When thirsty she went to get a cup of water. But nothing came out of the faucet. She went to the basement to discover there were no pipes. Thieves had stolen the copper pipes from the basement.
Gavin had planned a surprise party for his cousin. He told everyone to be at his house early. Gavin got everything ready for the party. Everyone waited for the cousin. When Gavin's cousin showed up, he was quite surprised.
Mitch was playing hide-and-go-seek with his friends. He was running out of time to find a place to hide. In desperation he jumped into a trash can. The trash can smelled so bad that Mitch left hiding. The child seeking Mitch found him by the smell.
Jane asked her shy boyfriend to dance. He obliged but was unsure of himself. She guided his movement throughout. Eventually he got the rhythm of songs. They wound up having a good time.
Junior expected college to sort of be an extension of High School. During his first day, he realized he had been completely wrong. For one, there is more work and more responsibility. Also, your beliefs get challenged at college. Junior felt unnerved at first, but now looks forward to the adventure.
Four cousins pitched a tent as their parents looked on from the cabin. They settled into sleep around 10 PM. Around 11 PM, a massive storm crashed around them. The parents watched in horror as the cousins huddled in the tent. After that night, the cousins decided to stay in the cabin.
Jacky is out doing some shopping one day. She decided to stop by a clothing store in the mall. As she leaves the store she sees a dog in the window of a pet shop. She decides to go inside and look around. She falls in love with the dog and takes him home.
The students were getting ready for the school play. Dan started to get tired of standing up for too long. He decided to find a chair to sit down. He found a breakaway chair, in which he was unaware of. The chair broken into small pieces as soon as he sat on it.
Cory went fishing with his family for the first time. He didn't know how to cast the line and became discouraged. Cory's dad helped him cast the line into the water. Cory was able to hook a fish and started to reel it in. Cory caught the fish and was excited.
Missy was downtown with her friend Andrea. Somehow, Andrea got separated from her. Missy searched everywhere for her, upset. Finally she found her hanging out with other people. Missy felt completely hurt and left immediately.
Bif and Jud stood outside of a dark cave they never saw before. Jud dared Bif to go inside the cave and explore. Bif was scared to go, but said if Jud went with him, he'd be willing. Jud laughed nervously then walked into the cave and taunted Bif. Bif followed Jud into the cave and the boys were never seen again.
Vicki is going on a date with Hector. Vicki and Hector decided to go to an Italian restaurant. Vicki and Hector ordered pasta. They enjoyed their food very much. Vicki had a perfect date with Hector.
I met my new boyfriend over a year ago. We met through friends at work. We hit it off immediately. We fell deeply in love. We finally moved in together, ready to build a life.
Arden bought a new phone therefore he was unfamiliar with the plan. He enjoyed using his new phone all the time when he first bought it. Within two weeks he received a message that stated he used all data. He was really disappointed that he couldn't get on the internet. He had no choice but to add more data to his plan, he can use it again.
Trisha wants to be a writer. She found out that she has a hard time getting started. She read some books on how to be a good writer. Some common advice she got was to put the books down and write. She started to write about anything and soon she was writing a lot.
My wife and I were very young when we started our family. We fought often as young people do. I caught her cheating on me. She said she didn't tell me because it would hurt me. I guess just not cheating never crossed her mind.
Mary wanted to take her children to the Aquarium during spring break. When they got there the line to get in was very long. Mary didn't want to wait and hour or more. She took her kids and walked over to the nearly empty Field Museum. They spent a fun afternoon looking at dinosaurs fossils.
I have an old dog. His hips hurt, so he can't do much. I want to have an active dog. One that I can take on hikes with me. I think I need to get a new puppy.
The man got home. He noticed the door wasn't locked. He looked in the window. He saw a man he didn't recognize. He called the police.
My son survived a tornado. He was seven years old when the tornado hit. The tornado brought heavy rains and thunderstorms. The wind and lightning did a lot of damage. He is still afraid of thunder.
I noticed my dresser was getting empty. I went to the laundry room and saw the mountain of dirty cloths. I did the laundry until the mountain was gone. I then folded all the cloths and put them away. My dresser was completely full once again.
Kayla went out with some friends. She had a little too much to drink. Her friends were singing karaoke. Kayla joined them. She sang awfully.
Both teams were tied. My team had the ball and we needed to score a point. My friend was double teamed by two opponents. I tried to run towards the three point line. My friend passed the ball to me and I made a shot to win the game.
Every year the Jackson family goes to Niagara falls in the winter. Their favorite part of the falls is the color of the night lights. The falls light up with all the colors of the rainbow. Last year the falls had very bright and vibrant lighting. The Jackson's can not wait to see what the colors will be this year.
Cody needed to chop many logs up by winter, an entire wall! It as going to be hard, but he worked at it each day. He wasn't going fast enough though, and asked for help from his Dad. His Dad taught him how to sharpen his axe when he was done working. It didn't take him more than two weeks after that to finish.
Tina had a large test tomorrow. She was so nervous. So she stayed up all night studying. Finally she took the test. She aced it after all.
Rob was a competitive tennis player. So he spent lots of time looking for the right racquet. But every time he lost, he blamed his racquet. So he never stopped obsessing over finding the right one. Eventually, Rob stopped playing tennis.
Dan saw a commercial for Power Wheels at his friend Jake's house. Jake's mom was going to buy Jake a Power Wheels truck. As soon as she agreed And took off running home. He ran into the kitchen and asked him mom expecting a yes. He was disappointed when she said they couldn't afford one.
The elections were coming up. Fred couldn't believe a reality star had made it. As a result he started a boycott. Pretty soon he won the elections. Fred was surprised he could not make an impact!
Ro loved her favorite blue sweater. She wore it everywhere. Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail. The sweater ripped! Luckily, Ro's mom was able to fix it.
One halloween the streets were packed with children in costumes. The porch lights were on waiting on the trick or treaters. The children arrived at our house and candies were handed out. The children's bags were full. The children left running for the next house to trick or treat.
My husband has decided he wants to be a stay at home dad. We don't have any kids. All we have is two cats. He plays with them all day and calls them Laurel and Hardy. I can't believe I married this man.
Charles saw an ad that said a big company was hiring. He e-mailed that company his resume. But a temporary job placement agency called Charles. They said they were handling the recruiting for the big company. Later, the agency said that company wasn't hiring but others were.
I was on a plane yesterday. I was trying to get back home. But the plane was shaking. There was bad turbulence. I was afraid we might crash.
Charles parked his car to go inside a liquor store. There was the cutest brown dog sitting and sad. The dog walked up to Charles and started crying. Charles looked around for the owner. He took the dog home, then to a shelter, but no one ever claimed it.
Tammy was knew at her high school. A group of popular girls saw this and invited her to sit with them. Soon she was a part of their clique. Tammy slowly changed from a nice girl into a snobby girl. She knew this but continued to hang out with these girls.
My trees needed trimmed. I took out my saw to sharpen it. The blade was rusty. I needed a new blade. I will have to wait until I buy a new blade to trim my trees.
Betty loved oranges. She really wanted to buy some for her friends. She went to the store. She bought a huge pack. She shared it with them.
Annie was excited for her birthday. She knew her boyfriend had gotten her something nice. She asked her boyfriend to tell her what it was. He told her that she had to wait. Annie didn't like being patient.
Beth learned that a management position was available at her job. She researched what skills the position required. Beth interviewed with other staff including human resources. They ultimately decided to hire someone from outside the company. She decided find a job with another company.
Brian sat on the bus on the way to work. A young man whom he had never met approached him. The man told Brian that he really liked Brian's shoes. Taken aback, Brian thanked the man for his kind words. Brian resolved to compliment a stranger later that day.
Steve went to church every sunday. Steve started having doubts about his religion. Steve began going less and less. Steve got calls from the pastor. Steve never returned to church.
Tyler is out playing hide and seek. He is looking for a place to hide. He chooses a tree and climbs up to sit in it. While climbing he falls down and breaks his arm. His parents take him to the hospital to get a cast on it.
I had many friends growing up. One friend was the closest, we talked all the time. We spent the majority of our childhood together. One day he got a girlfriend and focused on her. They got married and we don't talk as much.
Aaron was practicing new trendy dance moves. He stood in front of his mirror to dance. He was getting really into it. All of a sudden, his older sister walked in. She laughed at Aaron for five minutes.
Fred had a job at the fair to fill the balloons. He tried to make them as big as he could. Fred began to blow up a red balloon. THe balloon grew to a very large size. The balloon popped in his face!
Matt went to the doctor for a checkup. He realized his doctor was being forgetful. The doctor was getting old and past retirement age. Matt decided he needed to find a new doctor. Matt never saw the doctor again.
Jake practiced skateboarding every single day. He wanted to be the best ever. His friend saw him practicing all day. So he surprised him with a brand new skateboard. Jake thanked his best friend, and now practices harder than ever.
Kathy loved eating at fun, new places. She heard that a new Italian restaurant opened recently. Kathy asked her friend to go with her. They made reservations and went. The dinner was amazing.
Several kids were being obnoxious in class. My teacher finally yelled at them so they can calm down. He took out several referrals. The kids were apologizing for their misbehavior. However, the teacher didn't care and gave them referrals.
Ollie would like the moon for his birthday. His mother explains that the moon isn't for sale. Ollie suggests she hasn't asked the right people. Instead he receives a book with facts about the moon. He reads the book twice, but can't figure out the moon's price.
Charles and Victor were enemies. In high school, Victor beat up Charles in front of everybody. Next, Victor embarrassed Charles in a carnival. Ten years later Charles saw Victor in front of a movie theater. Charles would have fought Victor but Victor a dirty street bum.
Caroline didn't believe in fairy tales. She was practical in everything she accomplished. When she met Joe, it was love at first sight, and she didn't trust it. She told him it wasn't true as no one could love so fast. But as time went by she had to change her mind as it was true.
I went to the store to purchase a lottery ticket. Once there, I was given a five dollar scratch off. I went home, scratched the ticket off and jumped with glee. I won some money! Quickly, I took it back to the store to get my reward.
Simone was feeling very lonely without a partner. She decided to try online dating. Her first date was a huge disappointment. On her second date, she met the love of her life. After only 2 months, he proposed to her.
My friends and I went to Central Park to catch Pokemon on the app. Crowds and crowds of people, young and old, were already there. Suddenly, they started rushing toward one street. Confused, we followed the people, only to find a rare Pokemon. From then on we knew, we just had to follow people for great finds.
Mom and Debbie took a walk in the dark around their camp site. Debbie was very scared and afraid they were lost. Mom needed to distract Debbie. She told Debbie a story about a princess who lived in a castle. Before she knew it, Debbie was back at the campsite.
It was time for the Cook's to go own their annual summer vacation. All of the hotel reservations had been made. They rented a van to drive to Florida. On the drive there they learned a hurricane was eminent. They decided to tour Nashville.
Greg was really poor. He could hardly pay for his apartment. He decided to sell his items on the street. He sold all of his prized possessions for cheap. He is able to live in the apartment for another month at least.
I took my family to dinner. We went to a very fancy restaurant. I had a big steak. My steak was very delicious. My family was very happy afterwards.
Alister runs for exercise. He has run with friends and by himself. One day his friend invited him to run in a charity race. He decided to train hard and run in the race. Alister came in the top 10 for the charity race.
My sister in law gave me a book of matches. She asked me to sell them on ebay. I started  the bid at $1 and fifty cents. I received one bid. With shipping I made $2 and eighty five cents  for my sister in law.
Chrisana and her niece went for a walk around the block. They stopped at a park. At the park, they rode the swings. Then, they kept walking. Eventually, they made it back home.
Sally had a pond on her property. Every spring she could hear the frogs croaking. One spring she set out to catch one of the frogs. She went down to the pond and caught a nice big frog. She placed her new pet in an aquarium in her bedroom.
Mike's morning couldn't officially begin until he finished his coffee. It was his most valued ceremony of his day. He would stumble into the kitchen. He would fumble his way making a fresh pot. He would sip in silence, ready to tackle the day.
Nancy like almost every vegetable except asparagus. Her parents knew this so they didn't make her eat it. When she was visiting her grandparents they served asparagus. She didn't want to be rude, but she didn't want to eat it either. When her grandma wasn't looking, her dad moved it to his plate.
I was playing golf with my friend. I heard an air horn. I said the horn meant an emergency at the water park. The horn actually meant that rain was coming. We did not finish that round.
Danny wanted some milk to drink with his cookies. His sister asked him if he needed some help. Danny said that he could do it himself, after all, he was a big boy. He grabbed the milk jug and started to pour it, but he spilled it. Danny felt like a fool as his sister laughed hysterically.
Our building is having a wine and cheese party on April 1. We have family visiting, so we declined to go. Later we found the family will not be coming until late. We accepted the invite. There are 100 other people coming!
A friend and I made a Youtube channel. We called ourselves Boomer and Lucky Strike. We made videos in which we reviewed and mocked bad movies. We got a call from a news website. They asked us to upload funny movie reviews to their site, for pay!
For years Maria had warned her brother John to stop smoking in bed. John always said he would stop. One day John fell asleep and dropped his lit cigarette on the floor. The fire department came but it was too late. John luckily made it out alive but his two dogs died in the fire.
Amy was happy to find they would be experimenting in Chemistry class. Amy followed the instructions in her Chemistry book. She mixed the chemicals and got the proper reaction. The teacher was very impressed with Amy's work. She was pleased to receive an A+ grade.
Kelsi thought Microsoft was going to have weak earnings. She therefore went short the company by buying put options. However to her dismay she was incorrect and Microsoft beat earnings. Her position therefore dwindled to nothing. Kelsi was defeated and upset that she lost all that money.
My dog, Chaz, knows not to beg. He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down. Best case scenario begging will get him something. He is rewarded when he doesn't beg. He feels better when begging.
She didn't want to ride the bus. She was too late to walk home. She waited until he arrived. She boarded the bus. She sat in the very back.
Dixon wanted to open a new bank account. He wasn't sure how to, so he asked his sister. She explained the whole process to him in detail. Later that day, he traveled to the bank. Opening an account was easy for him, thanks to her instructions.
Tom was working. He picked up something that was too heavy. It wound up hurting his back. Tom had to go to the hospital. They told him it was broken.
Since my car is broken, I called the taxi for a ride. When the taxi arrived, I walked inside. The taxi driver greeted me and gave me his name. I greeted him back and gave him the money for the ride. I got off after 10 minutes since the taxi arrived at my job.
Spirit airlines had the best deals, with the most headache. Recently a flight got canceled on my way back home. I had to stay in the airport for almost an entire day. I had no money and they would not comp a hotel. Since then I swore not to use them unless I absolutely had to.
As Gina left the principal's office she saw classes were letting out. She hadn't realized how long she had been in there. She headed up the stairs to her classroom. When she entered her teacher stared at her. She ignored her and grabbed her things to leave.
Tom was looking forward to the fourth of July holiday. Tom bought fireworks to prepare. Tom set them off during the holiday celebration. Tom had fun setting off the fireworks. Tom enjoyed the sights of the pretty lights.
I ran out of food but have no transportation to the store. So I walked over to a friends and asked them to give me a ride. They said they'd be happy to do so. We started to the store but I'd forgotten my shopping list. We retrieved my list, and finally made the trip for groceries.
Alan lived on the second to highest floor in some high rise apartment. A big power surge hit the day before. It took down all the elevators for the week. He would have to walk all the way up stairs every night. Instead Alan decided to just crash at a friend's place.
Kevin was swinging on the monkey bars one day. Suddenly his hand slipped. Kevin fell hard in the dirt! His arm broke underneath him when he fell. Poor Kevin had to wear a cast all summer.
The man scrambled some eggs. He accidentally knocked the pan. The eggs flew everywhere. His dog came and ate the eggs. The eggs gave the dogs bad gas.
As Blaine was walking down the road he heard a loud noise. After investigating the noise, he learned that there was a car crash. Running over to the crash site, he can see that a woman needs help. He helps the woman out of her crashed car and dials the police. The police arrive and thank Blaine for helping the woman.
Beth's children went on a trip, taking her phone with them. It made her feel better that they'd be able to contact at all times. Unfortunately, Beth needed it herself when she was shopping. She wanted to find some information on a product. Beth had to decide whether to buy it without looking it up.
Randy loved to fish. Randy was told he couldn't go fishing until his chores were done. Randy hurried up to finish all of his chores. He finished up and headed out to fish. Randy caught a bunch of big fish and had a great time fishing.
Ella was a very smart lady. She tested at a genius level on IQ tests. She thought she could outsmart the police. She embezzled from her employer and figured she'd never be caught. But when she walked into work on Monday, the police were waiting.
Our cat likes to eat. We give her two small servings during the day. Today, at 5 pm, she approached me for more food. I ignored her. She will be given a small serving at 8 pm.
Sam was over at a friend's apartment. He got a drink out of the refrigerator. Sam placed the drink directly on his friend's coffee table. The friend asked him if he could use a coaster. Sam apologized and obliged.
Ina found a fancy plate at a yard sale. The next day she used it to microwave some food. Then she heard a crackling. The gold on the plate's rim was sparking! Ina hurried to remove it from the microwave.
My fence was wearing down. I decided to make a new one. I went to the store to buy material. I decided to buy oak planks. I made a beautiful oak fence.
James' friend, Mike, couldn't afford a new video game. James had the game and let Mike borrow it. But the disc was badly scratched after Mike returned it. And Mike was unable to provide James with a replacement. James never let anyone borrow his games again.
Amy had candy her mom didn't know about. She was in her room eating the candy when the dog came in. Amy didn't want to give the dog any candy. But he snatched a piece and ran off. By the time Amy caught up he had eaten the candy.
Arnie thought that he had failed his math test. He went into class to talk to his teacher. To his surprise, his teacher informed him that he had passed. Arnie was confused. His teacher explained that he had answered an extra credit question.
I was building a chair. I had to nail the seat to the legs. I accidentally drove a nail through the chair into my hand. I had to call 911. The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life.
Elenora wanted to find success as a dancer. She traveled all over town seeking employment. Every club said they didn't need anymore dancers. One club asked if she could sing instead. Elenora started a career as a blues singer that very night.
Steven wanted to recharge his phone but he didn't have his battery. Steven had to go to the store to buy a new battery. After charging the battery, Steven was able to charge his phone. The battery did not work well, but Steven had no choice. The store did not allow returns for the faulty battery.
Jane's car was in the shop. She had her boyfriend take her to work. He was late to pick her up. She called to remind him. He had forgotten but headed toward her right away.
I went to the store one day to buy a laptop. I found a nice looking one and then purchased it. After bring it home, I noticed that it was not turning on. I drove back to the store and asked for a replacement. The store found me a replacement and gave me store credit.
Tom visited his mom one day. He noticed a lot of his old toys in his old room. There were several boxes. Tom decided to donate them to charity. He took them to goodwill.
Lacy wanted to try out for the softball team. She practiced each evening with her dad. When tryout day arrived Lacy woke up sick. She attended tryouts despite being sick. She was so surprised to learn that she had made the team.
Madeline went to the grocery store. First she bought bread and cookies in the bakery. Then, she bought some canned goods. Finally, she picked up some meat and produce. After her cart was full, she checked out.
Lisa was in her living room with her kids. She heard a big storm brewing outside. As the noises got louder, her baby became upset. A huge bolt of lightning struck and the baby began to cry. Lisa did her best to comfort the baby.
Susie was invited to a movie premier. She was so excited. She got her best dress on. She then decided she was going to get autographs. She ended up seeing numerous celebrities.
Ella had always had great eyesight. As she aged, though, her eyesight began to worsen. Finally she went to see a doctor for help. He told her she wasn't going blind, and not to worry. Ella just needed a pair of bifocals!
Adam works at a funeral home his family owns. He was never bothered by it but his friends were. Sometimes he would scare them on purpose. Once he tricked them into going into the embalming room in the dark. After that his friends rarely visited Adam at home.
Tom wasn't satisfied by his job. Everyone was nice enough but he needed more. He decided to quit. He gave his notice and ended things on good terms. His superiors understood his decision.
Hector loves to rollerblade along the boardwalk. His friends tell him that he rollerblades too fast. One day Hector falls and breaks his wrist. He needs to wear a cast for the next 3 months. Hector wishes he had never rollerbladed.
He was running low on money so he was shopping at a dollar store. He was not in the habit of visiting these kinds of stores. He found a few things that he needed. He saw a big chocolate bar and decided to give it a try. Surprisingly, he thought the chocolate was quite good.
Tawny was feeling depressed. She wanted to go to a concert but couldn't afford it. She tried to save up for it but it was just too much. The day before the show, she found a coupon code online. She could afford it now!
Adelbert Windscream was a writer. He found though that he was not good at it. His wife said he should enter a contest to build his confidence. Adelbert did, and came in third place. Thus did he gain the courage to write a book on Frogs.
Amanda was such a cheery girl. She decided to move to New York for work. Upon arrival, she was so cheerful and happy while walking around. But people frowned at her and looked at her crazy for her happiness. She decided to assimilate, and started frowning everywhere she went.
Tina was at a grocery store and wanted to buy coffee. But she knew it wasn't good for her. So she left the store without it. But as soon as she got home, she craved coffee. The next day, she went to a coffee shop and drank and drank.
Tom put up a lot of Christmas decorations. His neighbors really liked them at first. Tom never took them down after Christmas. His neighbors started to complain. Tom finally decided to take them down.
My neighbor Sara was a recent divorcee. She got into a relationship soon after her divorce. Once she went skinny dipping with her boyfriend in the condo pool. She felt like a kid, and told us about it. I said she was crazy.
Spencer's dog wouldn't stop barking one night. He checked the whole yard constantly to see if anything was there. Eventually he decided that nothing was there and went back inside. He yelled at his dog again but he kept barking. Finally he found a squirrel in his yard and shooed it away!
Our family decided to start saving money. We spend too much going out to eat every week. Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time. Mom likes to go out on Fridays because it's been a long week. The family likes homemade meals, but likes to go out also.
Kate had never played chess before. She had a friend who loved it. One day the friend invited her to a friendly game. Kate got lucky and won quickly. Her friend encouraged kate to keep playing.
I wanted to start a Notary business. My State requires that I purchase a Bond. I brought up a list of Insurance Companies on the internet. The one I contacted required $50. I paid the fee and now I am a Notary Public.
I liked to play baseball as a child. I was playing second base in a game at the playground. The strongest girl in the school hit a line drive right at me. It caught me on my right cheek and knocked me on my back! It hurt a lot, but I got up and finished the game.
Martha loved going to movies. She would get a big bucket of popcorn. She'd eat it all before the movie even started. She would get her free refill. That was usually gone by the end of the movie, too!
Jamie wanted to become an artist. She practiced every day for years. She applied to an art college, but her application was denied. Jamie continued to teach herself art. Years later, she became an animator for animated films.
Raymond wanted to grow a beard so he stopped shaving. After a few weeks his beard came in and he looked good. Raymond discovered that the policy at his job prohibited beards. He fought the policy with his boss and Raymond lost his job. Raymond regrets not shaving the beard.
I was pitching in a little league game. The other team hit three consecutive home runs off me. I talked to my older brother after the game. He taught me how to throw a curveball. The next time I pitched against that team I threw a shutout.
Andrew tried out for the golf team at school. He didn't make the team that year. His coach told him he couldn't hit the golf ball every time. Andrew spent the next year perfecting his golf swing. He became amazing and the next year he made the team!
Harry tried to prepare a fish casserole for the family. He seasoned the casserole and allowed it to sit in the oven. After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table. When Janice looked at the bottom, the fish was raw. Everyone else found out that their fish was raw.
During the morning rush at the coffee shop, the brewers exploded! There were wet coffee grounds everywhere! While my coworker worked to fix it, I ran to the espresso machine. I made over 50 Americanos in 20 minutes! It was a nightmare morning, but we survived.
Dave moved to Europe last year but was now returning for a visit. He was close to his family and had not seen them in over a year. He knew he would enjoy being back home. He was worried about one thing, though. After being home again, he knew that leaving again would not be easy.
My dog decided to leave the yard today. I was looking for him frantically. I told my parents to help me look for him. It started to get dark and I still had no idea where my dog was. When I was about lose hope, we find him down the street.
Jackson drinks one or two liters of soda daily. All of his friends warn him that soda will damage his teeth. Finally it is time for Jackson's dental checkup. He needs a tooth removed. Jackson stops drinking so much soda.
Bob loved to eat fat. His friends thought he ate too much. Indeed, the fat increased Bob's cholesterol intake dramatically. Bob's arteries were becoming clogged. After many years, Bob had a heart attack and died.
Marge is driving in her car home from the store. While driving it begins to rain. The road gets really slick. Marge can barely see where she's going. Marge's car slips off the slide of the road and crashes into a ditch.
David went to the beach on Saturday. His sister put on sunblock. She offered sunblock to David. David refused her request. David went home with a painful sunburn.
Jane bought a lottery ticket. She filled in the information on the ticket. The announcement of the lottery winner began at night. The first three numbers of Jane's ticket was called by the speaker. However, the speaker said a different number for the fourth one.
The bird had been outside the window for a week. All it did was chirp. It would not go away. Finally the girl threw a rock. The bird flew away forever.
I turned twenty years old. My girlfriend didn't realize it was my birthday. I tried to drop hints but she didn't get the message. Then I shouted at her for not remembering my birthday. I realized she was not worth the time so I dumped her.
The man asked for advice. He got a lot of it. He picked out some of the best advice. He followed it closely. He was very successful at the task he asked advice for.
Ali wanted to take horse riding classes. Her parents enrolled her in the classes. Ali loved the classes. She took part in a competition. Ali did very well in the competition for her first year.
I always hated secret santa. I never knew what was cool to by a complete stranger. In fourth grade I got a boy named Gabriel, who I had never spoken to. I bought him an Usher album. Turned out he didn't even speak English.
John was a deep sleeper. He sometimes had nightmares. He had one particularly bad one. It threw him off the bed. John woke up with a broken arm.
Martin, from a disadvantaged background, had done well in school. He had earned a coveted job as a junior investment banker. One evening, at dinner, a client ordered lobster for both of them. Having never had lobster before, Martin panicked momentarily. Composing himself, he managed to successfully imitate the client.
Horst Dassler is the son of the founder of Adidas. Once his father passed away, he took over the company. He revolutionized the company through sponsorships. He eventually became a big sponsor of the Olympics. He is known today for sports sponsorships and maximizing revenues.
I decided to make fish cakes for dinner. Then I had the idea to leave the fish uncooked. It was actually tasty! I branded the recipe as sushi cakes and sold them to my friend. My friend liked them so I decided to open a sushi cake business!
Amy was tired of eating only healthy stuff at home. Her friend Beth had money to buy snacks. When offered Amy accepted a bag of chips. It as the best tasting chips Amy ever had. The girls promised not to let Amy's mom find out.
Jill had a pet bird. She had to go on vacation. She asked her best friend to feed it. The best friend forgot. Jill's bird starved to death.
The football team was undefeated. They went to the playoff game. They were convinced they would win. They were up by 7 points in the 4th quarter. The other team scored and they left heartbroken.
Pete was trying to help Kari set up an email account on her phone. Kari couldn't figure out the directions Pete was giving her. Kari got angry and blamed Pete for the problem. Kari decided she would fix the problem herself. Kari took her phone to an Apple store and they fixed it for her.
Laura was born and raised in a big industrial city. She always wished to live closer to nature. One day she finally decided to look for jobs in rural areas. After a few months she was hired as a park ranger. Now she lives happily in a cabin at the outskirts of the park.
His favorite player was Hunter Pence. He went to all the home games to watch him play. He walked into the stadium, feeling the excitement in the air. He walked straight to the concession stand. He ordered his favorite garlic fries before heading to his seat.
After his plane lands, Tom is feeling very tired. He collects his baggage and heads to his hotel. At the reservation desk, he asks for a quiet room. Tom gets to his hotel room and immediately falls asleep. He is happy to have arrived at the hotel.
A man was deathly ill. He got a little better. He felt good enough to leave his house. The sunshine felt so good. He decided to try to go outside more often.
Franks DVD's were in his cabinet. They were not in any order and Frank decided he wanted to order them. He got them out of the cabinet. He ordered them in alphabetical order. Frank was glad his DVD's were now in order.
Rory found a snake in his front yard. He panicked and ran back into his house. While still inside, he checked if the snake was poisonous. It turns out that the snake was a non-venomous garden snake. Rory decided to keep the snake as a pet.
I felt weak after a very hard exercise class. As a result I couldn't attend the same exercise class the next day. I had to wait three days before I could return to the class. After the soreness left my body, I was able to go back to class. As a result, I had another very good class.
Mack lived next to a busy highway in the city. The noise of the cars would lull him to sleep at night. Mack eventually moved out to the country. The country was so quiet that Mack had trouble falling asleep. Mack played a tape of car noises at night to help him fall asleep.
Jason is sitting at home one day. He decides to eat a  bar of ice cream. He bites into the ice cream. He screams in pain. Jason has to drive to the ER.
Today I bought a flower for my wife. She was surprised because it was not a special occasion. She was very happy when I gave her the flower and said thank you. My wife and I smelled the flower. The flower smelled wonderful and I was happy with my wife.
John won an award from school. He did not miss one day of school his whole high school career. They said no one had ever done that before. He was pretty proud of himself. He said he was going to frame the award.
Pat wanted to learn to speak Spanish. He decided to look into different ways to learn. After looking online, he downloaded the Duolingo app to use. Pat started picking up on simple words and phrases. After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking.
Charles hates Tameka. She swore she was pregnant by him but she lied. Every day Charles takes a picture of an animal and calls it Tameka. He posts them on facebook. When Tameka's kid turned 18, she filed a libel suit on Charles.
Johan pressed the keys on the controller rapidly. He gave a furtive glance over at his sister's rapidly moving fingers. Shar finished the game in first place and looked at her brother. He was exasperated and threw down his control. Shar returned the control to Johan and they played another game.
Amy went grocery shopping near her job. She paid for and bagged her things at the self checkout. When she was unpacking she realized she left a bag at the store. Amy called the store and they said they had no bags returned. Amy was upset to have forgotten her food at the store.
Tom parked his car at an incline. It was a manual transmission. Tom forgot to put the emergency brake all the way up. When he walked away the car started to roll downhill. Luckily Tom was able to stop it in time.
Cassie was walking in the park. Heavy winds were blowing across the area. An iron pan got caught in the air. It landed on Cassie. She fell on the ground since she was knocked unconscious.
This summer I had a full-time job at Parrot Cove Boat Rentals. One day at work we had no boats to send out so we were all very bored. So instead of working my friends and I took out the jetskis. We rode the jet skis for several hours before we had to get back. Most days at Parrot Cove were busy, but that day was just fun.
George had five lamps. He sold two lamps at his store. He put two lamps in his kitchen. The final lamp he gave to his daughter. She loved it.
Tom was a student at his local community college. He wasn't sure what he wanted to do with his life. One Christmas, his mom gave him his first sound board. With it, Tom wrote his first song in weeks! Soon after, he became famous and quit school to write songs full time.
Jane didn't like scary movies. Her boyfriend convinced her to watch one with him. She apprehensively agreed. Jane kept screaming throughout the movie. Eventually her boyfriend decided to watch something else.
Chad has been alone his whole life. Chad has a great job but he is missing someone to share it with. Chad signs up on a dating site to match up with other singles. Chad meets a woman from the site and takes her out. They eventually fall in love and get married.
Nancy went to the grocery store to purchase fruit. She could not decide whether to buy apples or oranges. She looked at the apples and they appeared bruised. Nancy then looked at the oranges and they were not ripe. Nancy decided to buy neither and purchased bananas.
Laurie ran around the track every day after school. She noticed her running shoes were getting worn out. Laurie decided to take a trip to the shoe store for new shoes. After some decision she bought new running shoes. Laurie tried out her new shoes at the track the next day!
Larry had never ridden a horse before. He got the chance to on his birthday. On his first try he lost control. The horse bucked him off. Larry never tried again.
John had to move from his old apartment to a new one across the city. He had a lot of stuff to move so he called his friends for help. John's friends went to his old apartment. John's friends put all his stuff in their cars. They moved everything across town in one trip.
Mark went through the swamp in search of a legendary monster. He moved his boat towards the center of the swamp to find the monster. Two great eyes appeared in the water in front of him. A 3,000 lb alligator rose from the water and flashed his teeth. Mark began to paddle hard in the opposite direction.
Solomon loved fast food. He found that it was affecting his health. He decided to cut it out entirely. In time his circulation and respiratory health improved. Occasionally he still snuck a fast food meal as a guilty pleasure.
Kate and Bailey wanted a puppy. They drove to the animal shelter to find one. There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable. He pulled on Kate's pants leg while barking. Kate and Bailey took the little pup home with them.
In 1998 we had to get uniforms for my son. The store was located in an unfamiliar area. We got lost and ended up in a rough section of town. A kind old man showed us the way. I was pleased when the GPS became popular.
Michelle moved from China to America. She had a good vocabulary but a thick accent. She hired an English teacher. They worked on her accent everyday. Michelle eventually improved her accent.
Bill was cleaning out his garage. But he noticed a bunch of old things that he didn't want to throw away He bought CDs, headphones, and video games inside. But he quickly got bored with them. He realized why they needed to be given away.
Mike bought some soda at the store in the summer. He went home but forgot to take the soda out and it exploded all over. He was supposed to go on a date and didn't want to cancel. He decided he would just cover up the mess with towels. his date was a disaster anyways and he laughed about it all.
Lilly painted a picture of pizza. One piece of pizza was missing. Mom asked her who ate the pizza slice. Lily answered she did. They both laughed.
Greg was at work and was eating lunch in the breakroom. He brought a bag of carrots to eat. He bit down on the first carrot and felt something crack. He spit out a piece of his tooth. He made an appointment to see the dentist that afternoon.
Amy's car hadn't been cleaned inside in 10 years. She bought wipes at the auto parts store to clean it up. When wiping surfaces there was so much dirt she had to use more wipes. After only half the car she was out of wipes. Amy decided to finish the car with a wet washcloth instead.
Josh got in an ATV accident. He had a broken leg. The doctor told him to get crutches. They helped him walk. Now he can move around!
Sophia forgot to bring any change for the bus ride. The driver waited patiently as she searched her pockets for money. Laren, her friend, eventually got fed up and paid for her fare. The two quickly sat down while the driver took off. Four stops later, they exited at the museum.
Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by. He was visiting the aquarium with his dad. There were also lots of fish in the same tank. He asked his dad why the sharks didn't eat them. He stumped his father with that question.
Jill decided to make dinner for her family. She had a three course meal planned. Unfortunately she messed up one course. The other two were really tasty, though. Jill's family really appreciated it.
My dog kept getting sick. I bought a supplement that promised to cure her. I put the supplement on her food. She ate the food, but threw it up. She was even sicker than before.
Allie was about to leave her house. She forgot to tape her show. She had just realized. But thankfully she was able to get it on her phone. She was rather relieved about that.
My internet started acting strange this morning. I tried to log in and the screen froze. Then I got to my work page and it happened again. I tried to reboot the computer. It acted better after that.
Jordan wanted to buy a new videogame. His parents didn't want to get it for him. He started saving money. After a month he had enough to buy it. Jordan go the game and played it often.
The waitress came with our orders. My mouth began to water as soon as the aromas surrounded me. I took the first bite. Since the meat was draw, I threw the food on the stable. Thankfully, the waitress prepared another order, free of charge.
A month ago we ordered takeout food via Foodler. I put the order in online and got a receipt. An hour later i called the restaurant. They said their printer ran out of paper when the Foodler fax came. We got our food a half an hour later, but were very unhappy.
Tim was at a family barbecue. They were having fun when loud bangs rang out. There was a drive by nearby. Nobody at the barbecue was injured, luckily. Tim was freaked out and went home anyway.
Alex loved going to the playground. He liked the swings the best. He pumped his legs so he would go even higher. When he reached the peak, he jumped off. He landed on his feet.
One day Sam was doing laundry. He got together all of his clothes and put them in a basket. One shirt had a big blue stain on it. Sam soaked it in a special cleaner and scrubbed it first. After the wash, the stain was nearly gone.
I once knew a girl named Sammy. She was a very small girl. One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake. Sammy climbed through the ventilation duct to get out and get help. She got help and everything was alright.
I began my physics homework. I noticed that several of the questions were complicated. When I attempted the first question, I spent one hour doing nothing. I developed a headache afterwards. As a result, I went to sleep although the homework wasn't finished.
Tara made a new friend at school. She brought him home for dinner one evening. Tara's mom was embarrassed because all they had was spaghetti. But everyone, even the guest, was very happy with it. He said spaghetti was his favorite meal!
Toni and her brother Fred raced each other. They raced each other with boats. It was getting to be a close race. Luckily Toni won. Fred had to buy her dinner.
Fiona decided to make a special meal for her brother. She made a list of all the ingredients she needed from the store. She grabbed the list and started walking the ten blocks to the store. After walking six blocks, she realized she forgot her purse. She turned around and went back home.
Adrianna's parents were getting a divorce. She was really scared. She thought her whole life would be bad. Her parents had a big talk with her. She felt a lot better about things.
Lilith was at a fair. All of her friends wanted to climb the rock wall. Lilith was afraid to climb the wall, but embarrassed to tell anyone. She tried to climb the wall, but was too scared. Luckily, her  friends encouraged her and she was able to do it.
Andy loved arcade games. Pinball was his favorite. He would play all day and night. A new arcade opened in his town. Andy ran there as soon as it opened.
Amelia was about to go on her first trip to disney. It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited. Unfortunately, her mom wasn't feeling well. She was worried she wouldn't get to go. Luckily, her aunt offered to take her.
Lyn spoke with a stutter. Her mom hired a speech therapist to help correct it. Lyn worked with him diligently. Soon her stutter lessened. In a few months, it had vanished entirely!
Glen was walking down the city streets. He got thirsty so he went to a gas station. Inside, he looked for a drink. He settled on a coke and went to the register. He bought the coke and continued walking.
The light-bulb in the kitchen went out. We went to the store to buy a new one. There were several options. All different prices. We picked one that was energy efficient.
Today I decided to go to the market. I went, wanting to buy some produce. When I got there I was greeted by a lovely salesperson. She helped me pick out my produce. I left the market happy.
Tim's grandparents bought him a drum set. Tim loved it and played it often. His parents were quickly annoyed by the loud sound. Tim was forced to stop playing as much. He was only allowed to practice during certain times.
Tina could not concentrate. She had the worst ADD. She didn't know what to do. Her friend recommended fish oil. So she took it and immediately saw some results.
Red was a good dog. He was very good at tracking. One time, Red tracked a cat for three hours. He found the cat and barked at me. I had to come rescue the cat before Red attacked it.
Tim had been at his job for years. He hated every day of it. He always said he would find something better. He was afraid to actually apply anywhere. Tim stayed at his hated job for several more years.
The dog barked. The woman jumped back. The owner apologized. The woman felt embarrassed. The woman yelled at the owner.
Tom was playing with a bb gun. He noticed some birds on a tree. He figured he would shoot them. Tom missed and scared the bird. The bird tried to attack Tom back.
Tom bought a plane ticket. At the airport they told him the flight was full. Tom was upset and told them he demanded to be let on. The airline didn't care and put him on another flight instead. Tom made sure not to fly with them again in the future.
Drew arrived to the dentist early in the morning. The dentist offered him a seat before he begins the procedure. He filled one of Drew's cavity. After Drew left, his teeth was hurting. As a result, he didn't eat anything for the rest of the day.
Bill was a little bit on the fat side. He wanted to shed some weight. He started a juice only diet. He drank 6 juice infused vegetable smoothies throughout the day. Bill was able to lose 10 pounds in a week.
Daisy was at her middle school graduation. Her teacher was handing out superlative awards for everyone. Daisy's award was about being most likely to be on a reality tv show. Daisy knew that it was just a joke, but it still hurt her feelings. She decided to forget about it, and went home.
Becca loved to go to the mall with her mom. At the store she would often get distracted by the things they passed. As they walked, Becca saw a pretty necklace and stopped to look at it. When she looked up, her mom was gone! Luckily, a nice woman found her crying and helped her find her mom.
It was Val's first day back at school after a suspension. She had been suspended for fighting. She didn't care. She was going to fight the girl again. All she had to do was bide her time.
Aya was studying Japanese art. She wanted to take a trip to japan to see it firsthand. She held a bake sale and car wash to raise money. Soon she had enough to finance her trip. She went to japan for three weeks and had a great time!
John was a very wealthy man. He lived in a nice loft downtown. He had to have some construction work done in his loft. He left his Rolex watch on his nightstand. After the construction workers left he noticed his Rolex was missing.
The cow was very small. He walked up to my four year old frame. He stared up at me happily. I reached out to pet him. I fell in love with him instantly.
A violinist liked to play. She never played acoustically. Her friend told her to try it. She loved the sound. She records it.
As a child, Andy had many toys. He had soldiers, and cowboys and dinosaurs and monsters. They brought him hours of happiness. As he grew up, his passion for toys grew with him. As an adult, Andy opened a toy museum and shared his love with others.
I was sitting in my symbolic logic class. Suddenly, the professor announced a pop quiz. We had to prove Konig's Lemma within five minutes. I hadn't been paying attention to the lecture. Thus, I failed the quiz.
Dan recently was told about his friends engagement. In addition, Dan was told the engagement would be a surprise wedding. Dan was sworn to secrecy by his friend, and he was going to honor it. Dan even played along with the secret, by keeping his friends at bay. Dan could not wait for the guests to find out what was happening.
The weather predicted heavy rain in the mid-afternoon. Nora forgot her umbrella, so she nervously watched the clouds gather. After school, she grabbed her bag and raced off as fast as she could! Just as she arrived home, the sky opened up with a huge downpour. Nora was relieved to have beat the rains home!
I absolutely love my job. I am a freelance graphic designer. I work from home in my underwear and pick my own hours. I am high in demand and people pay a lot of money for my art. I am very thankful for how much life turned out.
Will had a job interview at the bank. He was so nervous! He dressed well. Then he was careful to be polite and well-read. He was thrilled when they offered him a job at the bank!
Bill always admired soldiers. He loved watching their stories in the classic war movies. Bill went and signed up for the US Marines. Bill trained hard and did well. Now Bill is serving as a major in the Marines.
Tom bought gifts for his girlfriend and family. He got them mixed up after he wrapped them. Tom accidentally gave his mom his girlfriend's gift. It was a personal item. Tom was really embarrassed and apologized profusely.
Jennifer has been trying to get promoted at her job for years. Her boss holds her back because she doesn't want to lose her. Jennifer applied around and found a better job with better pay. She put in her two week notice and her boss was upset. Now her boss knows not to take advantage of good employees.
Laura and her friend visited the city when they were teenagers. They went to museums and all the tourist sites. The city was far from home and felt very exotic. Twenty years later, Laura's husband's job had transferred him. She and her husband were moved to that same exotic city.
Amy and Beth walked into Ella's party trying to look cool. There were a lot of people they didn't know. They found Ella in the backyard. She offered them a plate of food. Amy was too nervous to eat, but Beth ate enough for both of them.
Kate wanted to buy a lot of bottled water. But only 2 bottles were on the shelf. An employee checked the stock room for more. He brought her ten more gallons of water. Kate was so happy she almost hugged him.
My wife took our car in for service last week. She needed to take a trolley back to work. The car was ready by the end of the work day. She was going to take the trolley but a coworker drove her there. She thanked him for going out of his way to help.
Bob decided to go to the park. He felt sleepy at the park. He decided to take a nap. While napping, many fire ants bit bob all over his body. Bob was rushed to the emergency room and lived!
There was a little girl named Tawny who went to the fair. She was too short to ride the Ferris Wheel. The next day, her mother took her to the store. They picked out a pair of shoes with extra-thick soles. With her new shoes on, Tawny was tall enough to ride.
Bob had just robbed a bank. He ran outside and saw his getaway driver leaving. Bob started to panic about the police. He ran into an alley and found a bicycle. Bob used the bicycle to safely escape with the money.
I got gum in my hair. It was a horrendous sticky mess. My mother was not pleased. She decided to try lighter fluid to remove it. It took about an hour, but it worked.
Tom bought a new house. He decided to have a Christmas party. He invited all his friends and family over. Almost nobody showed up. They all knew he just wanted to show off his new house.
Flo had allergies. She was visiting a botanical garden with her family. Flo began to sneeze. Her eyes started to water. Flo had to leave the garden before she got sick.
Bae ducked into the store out of the rain. Her tennis shoes were soaking wet! Bae looked at the selection of boots the store had. She picked the first pair she saw in her size. Bae bought the boots and wore them out into the rain.
One Christmas I got a basket of chocolates for my mom. Once wrapped, I placed it under the Christmas tree. Our family went to the movies that night. When we returned we found the wrapper strewn all over the house. We also found our pet pug looking very guilty, and sick.
Shawna was obsessed with pretzels. Everyday she would have pretzels for her afternoon snack. One day she was all out of pretzels. Shawna decided to make her own homemade pretzels. She was delighted that they tasted even better than her store-bought o.
Gina needed to back up to gain speed on an icy hill. And cars behind her made that impossible. She was going to get out to ask them to back up for her. She unbuckled her seat belt, and was about to open her door. Just then the van began backing up clearing the way for her to do so.
You can plant gardenias by transplanting a branch. My dad got a branch from his parents. It is supposed to be in the shade. He planted it at the edge of the woods. But it grew slowly.
Jeff had a writing assignment due in his History assignment. His brother had taken his teacher's class before. He told Jeff that the teacher loved papers on the Civil War. Jeff wrote his paper on the Civil War. Jeff made an A on his History paper.
Jill was driving home from work one night. All of a sudden, her car began to shudder and slow down. She looked at her gas gauge and realized what was wrong. She called for help and sat there and waited for a long time. Finally help arrived and Jill was able to go home.
Kim was eating a popsicle. She threw the used stick in the bathroom garbage. She turned off the light and left. She returned later to find ants all over the place. She hadn't realized they would find the stick in the bathroom.
One day, I found a ring sitting on a bench at school. I brought it to the principal's office. I was hoping the owner would return to collect the ring. After 90 days, the owner never returned for the ring. The principal decided I could keep the ring and I was very happy.
For my birthday I received a very complicated board game. It looked like lots of fun, but there were so many instructions! I set the board game up and worked through understanding it all. After the first game alone, I was ready to play with other people. My family played the board game with me and had a great time.
Jason was doing graffiti on a  wall. He was caught by the cops. He had to do community service. He had to do this service in a retirement home. Jason swore to never do graffiti again.
I had a boyfriend back in college. We became couples for three years. But then one girl came to our lives. I caught them together holding hands. I decided to broke up with him with no regrets.
Last year for my birthday, my friend sent me a painting. It is of a scene from my favorite book. The picture is made up of tiny print from the book. I have the painting hanging in my office. When I look at my painting, I think of my friend.
April was trying to find her way home, but got lost. She tried to call her mom. Her mom did not answer. April was scared and tracked down a policeman. The policeman took April home.
My parents are in the middle of an extremely nasty divorce. Today I found out my father set up a lawsuit against her. He's subpoenaed me to testify in his lawsuit. I've tried to keep out of their spat for six years now. If I don't show up and testify in this suit, I could go to jail.
Kenny did not enjoy walking to school everyday. Kenny's mother bought him a bike to aid in his trip to school. He rode his bike to school everyday. Kenny was able to get home much faster thanks to his bike. Kenny is back to walking to school because his bike was stolen.
Ellen wanted to do well on her Chemistry exam so she could go out. Her mom told her if she got an A she could go to a house party. Ellen stayed up all week studying for her test. On the day of the test, she felt confident. She aced her exam and was able to go to the party.
Ben woke up to the sound of birds chirping. The snow had melted and the sun was shining very brightly. He opened the door and decided he didn't need his coat. Ben noticed some green leaves and grass on his way to work. Writing the date at work, Ben realized it was the first day of Spring.
Andrew broke his leg playing football. He got tackled by his brother really hard. Andrew will be in a cast for three months. His brother felt so bad for breaking Andrew's leg. He offered to drive Andrew around for three months.
Pete's dog ran away. He looked for him all over town. He put up flyers in all the stores. Pete's dog never came home. Pete was very sad.
Stella loved to cook, but was not always attentive. This caused her problems. The problem that was most troublesome was leaving things on the stove. This morning she'd left a towel on the stove that caught fire. Stella learned that day that cooking required her full attention.
Sheena made coughing sounds into the phone. She confirmed to work she was taking a sick day. She promised she'd be better by Monday. She squeezed herself into her new bikini. Within an hour she was at the beach, sipping a Martini.
The game was all tied up. The quarterback dropped back in the pocket. He saw an open receiver out the corner of his eye. He flung the ball towards him as the clock expired. Touchdown, they won the game.
Anne had a terrible sunburn. She went to the store for aloe lotion. At home, she smoothed it on her burn. She slept that night covered in the salve. In the morning, her burn was no longer painful.
I recently got a motorcycle. I needed to get insurance. I decided to call a few companies. One company suggested bundling my insurance. Now I save a lot of money and am insured!
Don had leftover pizza in his refrigerator. But he wasn't sure if it was still safe to eat. The thought of throwing it away made him feel guilty. So he decided to finish it all for dinner. After having a terrible headache, Don't regret eating the leftovers.
Tim wanted to be a star. He asked his friend Eric if he would help him. Tim and Eric made a show together. It was really bad but still funny. Now people hate Tim and Eric's show.
Tom hadn't vacuumed his rug in a long time. When he finally did it took a while. The vacuum picked up a ridiculous amount of dirt. Tom's rug looked a lighter shade after he was done. He made sure to clean it more often after that.
Ty's car was making a funny sound. Ty made an appointment with a mechanic. He brought his car to the mechanic. The mechanic looked at Ty's car. The mechanic repaired Ty's car for three hundred dollars.
Landon has a catering business. One day an employee lost a fingernail in the food. An old woman found it in her food. Landon was very embarrassed. He decided to fire the employee.
Ed was in the Army. He sent letters to his girl but they never came. Then he came home on leave and ten letters arrived. They had been held up at the post office. His girl got to read all ten letters at once!
Vinny wanted to be like his uncle in every way. While shopping, his Grandma found a pair of shorts just like Noah's. Grandma hoped that they were the right size for Vinny. When Vinny came over, Grandma gave him the new shorts. Vinny was so excited that he put the shorts on right away!
Jennifer's mom had just planted all new plants in their yard. Jennifer went to visit her mom with her dog. The dog got outside and pulled up all of the new plants. Jennifer's mom was very upset. Now Jennifer's dog is always on a leash when visiting her mom.
The Brown family was going camping. The mother checked the list to make sure they had everything. They loaded up the car, and drove to the campsite. As they unpacked they realized they left the tent. The Brown family ended up staying at a nearby hotel instead.
My cousin Ludie was very short. She was unfortunately also very round. She walked to her living room to look up at the clock. When she looked at the clock, she fell backwards. We made sure she was ok while we tried not to laugh.
Jack and Jill went out on their dock. They were going fishing. Jack tripped and fell into the water. Jill dove in after him. Jill saved Jack's life.
Tonya loved to play outdoors. Her favorite animals were big green toads. One day when Tonya was playing the toad jumped into her mouth. Tonya was scared and spit the frog out of her mouth. She learned not to play with Toads so close to her face.
Mom had a hard time breathing. So she called the doctor. The doctor sent an ambulance to mom's house. Mom spent two days in the hospital for dehydration. After medical card, mom returned home feeling a lot better.
Lisa's afternoon involved teaching Lucy the elephant a new trick. Jan explained that Lucy would do almost anything for watermelons. Lisa gave Lucy the command to lift her front right leg. When Lucy complied, she got a watermelon. After a few minutes, Lisa had taught Lucy the new trick.
Sara had a family cookbook. All of the recipes were out of order. She started sorting them. She put everything into categories. Soon, it was all well organized.
Tim moved to a new city. He struggled to make new friends. He put up an ad online. There were a few responses. None of them really panned out.
Sue has a math test. She has not studied at all. She decided to pull an all-nighter. When Sue got to school, she was extremely tired. She fell asleep during her test and failed.
Kay was losing patience with her dog's disobedience. She couldn't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking. She read some books on the subject, but they only helped a little. Finally she enrolled the dog in a professional obedience class. The expert help did the trick and the dog was significantly improved.
The family drove to the creek to have a picnic. They spread the blanket out and sat down to eat some food. The scene was so peaceful! They chatted and dined on their lunch. When the food was gone, they all laid on the blanket and rested.
Marcy wanted to start the 21 day fix program. It was a diet program that made you portion out your food. If the food fit in the containers you could eat it. She said it was difficult at first but then got used to it. All in all she lost 10 lbs in the 21 days and was very happy.
Rob really wanted ice cream. He ran to the freezer and found none. He decided to head to the store and purchase some. While there, he picked out a lot of ingredients. Rob hurried home and made a giant banana split.
Nancy treated me to a dinner. We went to a local restaurant. When we made an order, the server gave us the total price first. Since Nancy didn't have enough money, she only ordered for herself. I immediately left.
I played speed chess with my friend Mike today. I had not expected to play as it was Easter. I was losing the first game but won. Mike quit after losing three more games. We are playing again on Wednesday night.
The kids were starving. They decided to order a pizza. When the delivery man brought it, he dropped the pizza on the sidewalk. The kids were so hungry, they didn't care. They scooped it up and ate it anyway.
Liam wanted a new video game. His allowance was only $5 a week. But he resolved to save every penny of it! After two months, Liam had enough money to buy the game. He was very proud of himself for saving his money.
Greg's mom was worried about him. She kept calling him up and he wouldn't pick up. She called the cops. They found him. He was just wasted.
I was jogging down the road. My dad lives out of town. He saw me. He picked me up. We went for some Chinese food.
My cousin couldn't get her baby to drink water. She said she found a trick to get her to drink it. She was putting peppermint extract in the water. I told her that the extract was almost pure alcohol. She rolled her eyes and refused to listen.
Tiffany ordered new curtains for her living room. She didn't read closely and only ordered 2 panels. Assuming that there'd be two in a pack, she was two short. Tiffany ordered two more curtain panels. Unfortunately, she bought the wrong color.
Chuck noticed that most of his socks were old and dirty. He decided he needed to buy some new socks. Chuck bought a new pair of socks. He loved wearing them. Chuck was happy that he had bought new socks.
Fred won something in his cereal. He won free tickets to a concert. He used them for the current weekend. Fred had the time of his life. He couldn't wait to go back.
Landon was recently engaged. He was taking his new fiancee's engagement ring to be resized. On his way to the jeweler he stopped for a hot dog. The ring must have fallen from his pocket while he was eating. He was lucky enough to find the ring after hours of frantic panic.
Olivia hated pickles. She went to a restaurant. Olivia ordered a burger and fries. The burger came with pickles. Olivia took the pickles off and ate her food.
Janice loved to go hiking. She'd always pester her friends to join her. One time her friends consented to come along. After two hours everybody except Janice wanted to turn around. With a big grin on her face Janice led them out of the woods.
Leonard sat down to draw a picture. He tried to draw a frog, but it ended up looking like a dragon. His art teacher praised his amazing dragon. She entered it in the art fair. Leonard was embarrassed that his mistake was getting rave reviews.
Thomas and his friends wanted to make some money. They came up with a small business idea. They took snap-back hats and painted cool art on them. It took some advertising at school, but soon they had customers. Within a week they had sold twenty five hats.
On grocery day I bought two bunches of bananas. My family wasn't eating them very often. After a few days the bananas were turning black. I didn't want to throw them away and waste money. I saved the over ripe bananas and made fresh banana bread.
Jack needed a new shirt. He did not want to go shopping. He sent his sister instead. When she came back, she had bought him a pink shirt. Jack learned to never trust his sister with shopping.
The kitten wandered around the living room. It could not find a good spot to sleep. The kitten found something brown and squishy. The kitten fell asleep. The kitten fell asleep on the lab.
Laurie bought a new chair at the furniture store. Laurie wanted to bring her chair home that day. She asked her friend Tom if he would help her get it with his truck. Tom said he could help her tomorrow. Laurie had to wait until the next day to bring her chair home.
The boy hid under the bed. His brother jumped on top of it. The sound scared the boy. The boy screamed out. His brother jumped up in surprise.
I was cooking an omelette. My mom told me to put cilantro inside it. I was skeptical. She insisted so I put cilantro in the omelette. The cilantro made the omelette taste incredible!
I went to the kitchen and grabbed brownie mix. I grabbed other ingredients to add to the mix. I mixed the ingredients into a bowl. I poured the batter into a tray. I put the tray into the oven to cook.
Ashley went to the store with her dad. She asked him for a toy. He said no. Ashley threw a tantrum. They had to leave the store empty handed.
Bob bought an old notebook at a garage sale. He opened it at home to jot down a note. In the notebook was a lot of notes from the old owner. Bob spent an hour reading through all the old notes. When he was done he forgot what he wanted to write down.
Tina went to get a haircut. Unfortunately it was a terrible one. The hairstylist took too much off. Tina was horrified. She never went back to her.
Kia had lost her measuring cup. She was making a casserole and needed it badly! She was forced to eyeball her ingredients. She had never done that and feared the food would be bad. But surprisingly, her casserole came out very tasty!
Dale was bored and went out for a walk. He saw a local diner and decided to go in. When he walked in, a pinball machine caught his eye. He walked up to play it, and happily put all of his quarters in. Suddenly, the game jammed and Dale lost all of his money.
Jerry's child was too focused in the arcade. Jerry tried to pull him out, but he resisted. He also was crying since he didn't want to go. Everyone stopped what they were doing to look at Jerry and his child. Eventually, they managed to leave.
Kellan could not afford braces as a child. As an adult, his crooked teeth bothered him. He saved his wages for months. then he went to get his braces put on. Finally, after many years, Kellan had a straight smile!
Ella loved parties. She was throwing one with a Mexican theme. She bought a giant pinata for it. She filled it with candy and hung it up. Her friends couldn't wait to hit it!
Christian wanted to do his own laundry. He put his clothes in the washer and put the detergent in. He used too much detergent. Soapy bubbles started to pour out of the machine onto the floor. Before he knew it, the entire floor was flooded.
Curtis bought an old, beat-up car. The car needed a lot of work. Curtis put a lot of time into refurbishing the car. After he finished, the car looked perfect. He was able to sell the car for a huge profit.
Joe bought a new car. He put a air freshener on the dash. His friend laughed at the air freshener in a new car. Joe felt embarrassed. He removed the air freshener from the car.
The bulldozer had done a great job. It had smashed through the soil and sediment with no problem. His crew began slowly moving away the larger chunks of rock. They were mindful to look for any bits of large bone. What they found surprised them.
She was annoyed by teachers using red ink on her papers. When She graduated, she decided to start using red ink. She went to the store and bought a pack of red ink pens. She started using them to take notes in college classes. Everyone teased her and said she was probably going to be a teacher.
Jane wanted to plant some flowers. She did not know what to plant. She finally decided on some hanging baskets. She watered them daily. They still died.
Ali had been dodging a bully all day. Her trip to the museum was ruined. Ali and her friend June ran to a teacher to avoid the bully. The girls stayed near the teacher the rest of the trip. Ali let out a sigh of relief as she boarded the bus back to school.
Lucy needed something to wear. She wanted something warm. All of her clothes were in the laundry however. Finally she found an old sweater. When she put it on it still fit.
Gary spilled his lunch plate on Rachel's lap. She verbally abused him and said that he's always slow. Gary apologized and decided to walk away. He also failed his quiz at the end of class. When he got home, his mother was complaining about his room.
The family went to a football game. The stadium was full of fans. They had to sit at the very top. They all clapped and cheered. The home team won!
Eli was at his brother's farm picking peaches. He got too close to a bee hive. Eli got stung by two bees. He ran all the way back to his brother's house. His sister-in-law gave Eli some ointment.
Sam went on a date. He was nervous and ate too much at dinner. After a short while he started feeling sick. Sam had to cut the date short and go home. He threw up and never called the girl back.
Neil was writing an article about Shenzhen, China. He took a bus there to see it in person. It was full of huge factories! Young people arrived every day looking for jobs. He found that Shenzhen was a bustling metropolitan hub!
I woke up one morning and went outside to grab the newspaper. When I walked outside, I saw a power line jumping around in my yard. I panicked and went back inside and called my power department. Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue. I went outside and quickly grabbed my newspaper.
Andrew was a trouble child with no friends. All he wanted was a friend to play with. One day she met a girl name sally. He was nervous but went up and ask to be her friend. Sally said yes to Andrew and made him a happy kid.
Sasha was always a well-behaved student. One day her teacher caught her and a classmate talking in class. Sasha was upset that the teacher wouldn't listen to her reason. She decided to try harder to ignore others in class. Sasha was happy not being scolded for interrupting class.
After Jimmy's dog passed away he was very sad and quiet. He did not want to play with the other dogs his family owned. So his mom checked the paper and decided to go see some puppies. She went and picked out a cute black and brown puppy. When she returned home she gave Jimmy his new dog.
Bertha knew she was getting old, and tried to keep up with her health. She went for regular tests at the doctors, and so far was healthy. But one day the doctor told her they'd detected a mass. She had to go for testing, and was so worried about the results. The mass turned out to be benign, and she was so relieved.
Ron just got his driving permit. And he was eager to start driving. But his parents weren't home. Ron decided driving would be easy enough. But he hit a car while trying to drive around his neighborhood.
Bella was having a boring Saturday. She had run out of things to do. She decided to read a book. She spent the rest of the day in bed reading. Before she knew it, the day was over.
Kate wanted to buy new clothes. She went to the mall to find something. Everything she tried on fit terribly. Kate's self esteem took a big hit. She went home without buying anything.
Tim was a successful fine artist. Everyone wanted to have him draw pictures for them. However his studio was very messy. His best client bought him a tackle box. Now Tim kept his supplies in the box and not on the floor.
Max and his three friends were always messing around. Max picked up a dirt rock and threw it at his friend Aaron. They all started throwing rocks at each other playfully. Max grabbed a huge rock and threw it as hard as he could. It missed everyone but the light post, knocking out the blocks power.
Susan's house had a bunch of termites. She started noticing small bugs everywhere. Her wood work was crumbling a little. She called an agency to come check it out. They told her she had to fumigate the whole house.
Sam worried about the math exam he had later in the day. He always got good grades in his other classes, but math was hard. He dreaded taking the test and thought for sure he would fail. As the day progressed on he was such a mess. When the test came, he forgot all the important formulas due to stress.
My cross country coach had planned for us to sleep in beds. But the accommodations for our team camp fell through. So we went to her parent's house to camp out. We had to figure out how to make the best of it. Some people did not like camping out.
I just bought a new car today. I'm now the owner of two cars. I still have my old car and don't know what to do with it. My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me. I'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car.
I was driving to work one day. All of a sudden the car in front of me breaks. I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind. My car was completely totaled. I ended up buying a new car because of the incident.
Sam played a lot of video games. He never worked out much. He would sit around for long periods of time. One day he fainted when trying to stand up. Sam realized he had health issues and needed to fix them.
Sarah was leaving the mall. She went to her car and tried to get in. For some reason the key didn't work. Sarah took a closer look at the car and realized it wasn't hers. She had gone to one that looked very similar.
I worked in a church for a while as a youth minister. The kids loved me, though they were a bit quiet and shy. We did things all summer, and had a fantastic time. Though, their parents didn't trust me because of my age. They had me fired, and I had to say goodbye to their kids.
I was allowed to use my calculator for my math test. I had spent all week practicing using it for my homework. I was confident that I would do well on the test. During the test, my calculator ran out of battery. I couldn't answer the questions, and ending up failing.
Kevin was preparing for a marathon. So he jogged for miles everyday. But the day before the marathon, he found a blister on his foot. And it was painful for him to jog. Kevin regret all of the intense exercise he did.
Tim bought a necklace for his mom. He hid it under his bed. When he went to go find it, it was gone. He looked everywhere but couldn't find it. It turns out his dog was sitting in the corner chewing on it.
John wanted to join the army. He talked to a recruiter about it. The recruiter made enticing offers. John decided to join. He has been happy with his decision ever since.
Craig was an actor in a local theater group. He really wanted to be a play writer, however. After several years, Craig completed a play he was writing. He showed it to the theater's director. The director liked it so much, he agreed to put the play on.
Gary was trying to clean his house when his vacuum broke. He unplugged the vacuum to try to fix it. Gary carefully removed a bunch of pieces. He eventually fixed the broken belt. Gary finished vacuuming his house.
Allie was invited to the candy factory. She invited a lot of her friends. They were eager to go. When they went there they got a lot of free stuff. Allie was really happy about that a.
Johnny planned to cook spaghetti for his family. He was a very good cook and often made great tasting food. When making the spaghetti, he forgot to put garlic into the sauce. He served the spaghetti to his family. The family was unhappy with the bland tasting sauce.
David had never experienced a big sting. He thought that bee stings were no big deal. One day he was mowing the lawn and a wasp stung him in the shoulder. The pain was shocking to the extreme. David now understood why people feared bee stings.
Tom was shopping on Black Friday. He got gifts for all his loved ones. He left them in his car while at one more store. When Tom went back everything was missing. Tom cried profusely in the parking lot.
Tom had a bad day at work. He stopped by the liquor store on the way home. Tom decided to buy a bottle of rum. Once home his wife and kids cheered him up. Tom wound up not needing the rum.
I played ten games with my friend Tim on Sunday. We played 5 minute speed chess. We played online, as he lives too far away to play in person. Tim won 9 games! I was astounded, but I congratulated him.
Vivian couldn't stop thinking about that man she met at a party. She asked her friends that attended the party if they knew him. No one seemed to know him. Vivian never saw that man again but his image remained with her. Vivian spent the rest of her life chasing that image of him.
Matt's sister had friends over. And they were having a party. Matt wished they would be quiet but was afraid to speak up. Eventually, he got so angry and yelled at everyone. But Matt regret yelling and alienating everyone.
Fred was tired of life in Virginia in 1866. He packed up his things and decided to head West. The only thing to guide Fred was his compass. The compass, however, was not accurate. Three week later, Fred was confused and at the Atlantic.
Billy mom was always after him to tie his shoelaces. She kept warning him he was going to trip. He never paid attention to her. One day at school he tripped as he was walking down the stairs. He ended up breaking his leg.
Sam was driving his car when it overheated. He limped it home and decided that  the water pump was out. He bought the part and took the old one off. He put on the new part and refilled the coolant. He was happy when the car ran without overheating.
Neil was visiting Cambodia. He took a tour to the ruins of Angkor Wat. There, he learned about the old temples. He took lots of photos of the beautiful jungle ruins. He was so happy with his visit to Angkor Wat!
Jenny's teacher said the class could bring their pets to school. Jenny wanted to show off her cat Fuzzy. Jenny's mom drove her and Fuzzy to school. When the car door opened, Fuzzy fled. By the time they tracked the cat down, school was over.
I got a call from a friend yesterday. In my excitement I dropped my phone on the ground. It made a loud crack. The screen broke on it. It still works but looks terrible.
Bill could not sleep at night. He felt that his pillow was too flat. Bill fluffed up the pillow but that did not work. He reached in the dark for a second pillow. The two pillows were stacked atop each other and Bill slept soundly.
Kathryn was excited about the finale of her favorite show. Unfortunately, she had to work the night that it premiered. She set the DVR to record it. When she got home from work she immediately went to watch the episode. Then, she saw that her recording hadn't worked and she missed it.
A new music act was performing in the local stadium. The act featured an amateur singer and professional backup dancers. When the show started, the crowd was cheering, mostly for the dancers. The singer didn't receive as much attention. After the show, the singer was upset her own dancers upstaged her.
I was staying over at my friends house and needed something to drink. I tried to look in his house but there was nothing. I started to walk to Walgreens. I followed the directions but it turns out there was no Walgreens. I walked to a different one and found a store and got my drink!
My sister in law is a waitress. Recently her thumb locked up on her. She went to a doctor, then a specialist. She has a bone spur and a sprain. She is hoping medication can help.
Jennifer was baking cookies. She forgot to let the butter soften. She tried to mix the dough, but it was too hard. She tried to microwave it to soften it, but that melted it. Jennifer's cookies were a mess!
Bill was walking home from school when he saw the strange bird. It was hidden in a potted plant in front of the grocery store. It had an injured wing. Bill's dad picked the bird up and took it to the vet. The vet thanked them because they had saved the life of a rare bird.
Suzanne had never ridden the ferry before. She was new in town and was not used to this kind of trip. She decided she would have to try it out for herself. She drove her car on board and waited. The boat departed and was off onto the water.
Ron hadn't lived near a big store for a long time. The first thing he did was buy a lot of ice cream. He binged out and ate it all in one sitting. Ron felt very sick for days after that. He swore to have more self-discipline no matter how close a store was.
Chad had gone to an amusement park. He was riding on the roller coaster. Chad was wearing a baseball cap. The baseball cap fell off of Chad's head. Chad found the cap after he got off of the ride.
Fiona loved to go to the barn to ride her horse. As she drove up to the barn she saw horses on the road. She stopped her car and ran to get help from the other horse riders. Fiona along with the other owners herded the horses back into pasture. The horses were safe and Fiona could now go for a ride.
Lucy rented a movie to watch at home. She had already seen the beginning of the movie. She didn't realized the movie ending was so sad. When the main character died she began to cry. Lucy sat with tears running down her face as the credits played.
John thought he was the best checkers player in the world. At a tournament a young child challenged him. John accepted the challenge and played the young child. After a nail biting game, the young child was one move from winning. In frustration John flipped the board and quit the tournament.
The people who live across the parking lot are older. They're a dear couple, who spend a lot of time fighting. Yesterday, the woman threw the man out of the apartment. I mean, she opened the window and shoved him out. An ambulance came, and took him to hospital.
Joe worked from home. He usually worked at the dining room table. He decided he needed a new place to work. He bought a fancy new desk. He was excited to get to work!
Billy didn't like vegetables. Over the summer his mom had him grow a little garden. He tended to his plants every day. Finally he had carrots, beans and broccoli. He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself.
In 1998 my neighbor Joe was a divorced father. His kids visited him on weekends. One son, who was 10, had anger issues and would misbehave. One night Joe called the police to intervene. The son was quiet that weekend.
Erica was going to prom with the boy of her dreams. However, she didn't have the money to get her hair done. The day of prom, she decided to do her own hair. It turned out horribly, and prom was an hour away. Erica's friend rushed over and fixed her hair, saving the day.
Clair needed a haircut. She went to a place recommended by her friends. The stylist did an awful job. Clair hated her hair. Claire never returned to the salon.
Caroline loved to write novels in her spare time. So for her birthday her mom gave her an old typewriter for fun. Caroline really got into it. She loved the old keys and the sound. She typed her whole novel that way and felt great.
Heather was always drink Pepsi soda, all day and every day. She noticed she was putting on some extra weight lately. Heather decided that she would stop drinking soda to lose weight. Soon she was getting headaches, she realized it was from no caffeine. Heather decided to deal with the headaches and then she lost weight.
Pickle ball is my friends favorite game. He talks about it all the time. Today he really made me mad because he wouldn't stop talking about it. We were supposed to be working on our science fair project. I guess I'll have to do it by myself.
Tina went to the doctor. They told her dreaded words. She needed a shot. Tina was not happy. But she got it anyway.
Angela was preparing for her big track meet. She was running the mile for the first time. She had been working on her endurance for months. When the meet day arrived, she was very excited. When she crossed the finish line, she knew she'd done her best.
One December day, I was feeling pretty sad. I decided that a walk might cheer me up. I walked outside and it was very foggy. I walked down the streets and saw christmas light on houses. I walked back home and felt better.
Kelly was walking around the halls. Out of nowhere, she stubbed her toe on one of the door ends. Since the pain was unbearable, she fell down. Ben tried to ask her what's wrong with her knee. She was unable to say a word since she was in pain.
A man took up playing the xylophone. Unfortunately, he seemed to have no talent for it. He practiced for months, but couldn't master even simple tunes. He was an engineer, by trade, though. He built a machine to play the xylophone for him.
Lisa had won a contest to be in the circus for a day. Washing an elephant was the first activity of the day. Jan, the elephant trainer, explained all the steps. Soon, Lisa was scrubbing the elephant with telescoping brush. By the end, Lisa was as soaked as the elephant.
Anna went on a mission trip with her church. They were going to Somalia to help build an orphanage. Anna helped erect the walls and carry the timber. It was exhausting, but rewarding. Afterwards, she was very proud of what she'd done.
Kyle is playing tennis. Kyle swings for the ball and misses. He ends up falling down and breaking his foot. He is carried of the tennis court. His injuries are cared for at the hospital.
Franklin found a pack of cigarettes in his dad's drawer. He bummed one and smoked it in his room. He coughed and threw it on the carpet. Then he went to play video games. Later he heard the smoke alarm going off.
Ian completed his science report. He saved the document and left it in the library. When Ian got home, he searched for his flash drive. He realized that he left it at the library. Since the school was far, he couldn't go back and restarted the report.
Vanessa had been playing outside when she got a blister. At first it seemed fine but soon it grew inflamed. Soon she realized her cut had a bad infection. She went to the hospital right away to be safe. Luckily she was able to get medicine that helped.
Claire learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news. She was unprepared. To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies. She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad. Claire was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home.
Wendy was calling Drew several names. They exchanged jokes for a few minutes. Mina stood in the middle of the conversation. When Drew made fun of Wendy's teeth, Mina became mad. Since she doesn't like her teeth, she felt embarrassed.
Dan recently needed to get a flu shot. Dan had an appointment for the flu shot with his primary doctor today. At the appointment, Dan's doctor was running into some problems. Dan's doctor could not locate a vein to administer the shot to. Dan was told he would have to come back tomorrow for the shot.
Kate bought a bottle of blue nail polish. She was excited about the new color. As she was painting her nails, her cat knocked over the bottle. Blue polish went everywhere. Kate now has a spot on her carpet.
Alan's mom lived very far. Every time he wanted to talk to her he had to pay extra. As he was very close to his money, he didn't call her often. When his mother died, he paid thousands of dollars to take a plane. And he regretted not having spent a few dollars to talk to her.
Will was washing his dishes. But he remembered he had a doctor's appointment in 10 minutes. So he washed his dishes as fast as he could. After he had dinner at home, he felt sick. And Will had to go to the doctor's again.
Last Sunday I went to my boyfriends house for the patriots game. It was very crowded at his house for the game. My boyfriend had his neighborhoods and friends there. The patriots ended up winning the game. We were super happy.
Tom felt ill. He went to see the doctor. The doctor told him he had cancer. Tom received chemotherapy to treat the cancer. The treatment was a success.
Leia had always been courteous to her fellow employees. She made sure she was quiet and respected others' space. It was strange that on Wednesday, she came to the office hung over. She apologized and stated that her ex boyfriend had come to town. Everybody smelled the alcohol on Leia's breath.
My parents took my family camping when I was little. We pulled our RV into our assigned campsite. We spent the day riding bicycles and playing with other campers. At dark, all the campers roasted marshmallows around a huge campfire. By bedtime we were all worn out.
A track race was happening at the local high school. The first race of the event was a relay race. The runners lined up with their batons and waited for the gunshot. Once the gun sounded, the runners were all off. When the race ended, everyone cheered for the winners.
Walter had decided to move to the Bahamas. He got on a plane and fell asleep watching a movie. When he awoke, he looked out the window in horror. Snow was all around him. Walter had flown to Bahama, Canada instead.
Billy nagged his dad every morning to try coffee. Finally his father relented. He poured him a small cup. Billy chugged it down, then spit it out. He didn't know how his dad could drink the bitter stuff!
Cody is very good at video games. He plays from the time he wakes up to the time he goes to sleep. One day he was playing at a store and attracted a crowd. He did so well that the store offered him a job. Cody is so happy he is now getting paid to play video games all day!
I was walking down the street with a friend. I ended up losing my wallet out of my pocket. I went back to search for it. I couldn't find it. I ended up being very disappointed that I had lost $20 dollars.
Tasha had saved all school year to buy a new computer. Finally, just as classes were about to start, she bought one. She was so excited to get it set up! She went home and unpacked it. She spent all night organizing her files.
Sammy was excited about the football game on television. Everyone in the office we're looking forward to the game. Sammy told his wife he was going to work late. Sammy went to the bar to watch the game. Sammy was very surprised to see his wife was in the bar with friend.
Jackson loved stretched pennies. He always got them at amusement parks and things like that. One day he decided to make his own penny. He put a penny on a train track. When the train crushed it, it came out perfectly stretched.
Ed took out his airplane for fun on a cloudy day. Some of the clouds started to get dark as he flew. Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm. He had to land the plane on the road down below. Many cars rushed out of the way to make room for his plane.
Ann let her daughter Mae bake a cake. Mae baked the cake all by herself. She measured everything and put it in the oven. When the cake was done it looked delicious. She forget to add oil and it tasted awful.
Courtney has a boyfriend named Chandler. Courtney just found out that she is pregnant. Courtney is happy until she finds out that the baby was miscarried. Chandler decides to break up with Courtney. Courtney is now very heartbroken.
The Jones family went on vacation. On vacation, they visited a museum, a theme park, and a beach. The beach was the last place they visited. They all got a bad sunburn at the beach. They all went home tired and sore.
Tam loved her laz-y-boy recliner. She'd rock back and forth in it and tilt it back. As she was leaning further back than she had before it broke. She heard a loud crack and the back just fell from under her. Tam slammed against the floor, dazed and hurt.
Jane and Joe sat at a table covered in catalogs and magazines. Jane pointed to a picture of a wedding dress that was $900. Joe told her there was no way they could buy that dress. Jane told him that he should buy it or she'd get angry. Joe dumped Jane and threw out all the catalogs and magazines.
I felt like I had too many friends. It was hard to juggle so many relationships. I decided to ditch some of my friends. They got angry at me. I realized I had done something terrible but it was too late.
Kori was driving to a friend's house when a big snow storm came up. She had to pull over and spend the night at a hotel. It snowed all through the night. The next morning, the roads were icy and dangerous. Kori had to cancel her trip and go home for her own safety.
Will bought cat food for his cat. And he noticed that his cat couldn't stop eating it. Within a week, he had to buy more. Will became curious and tried the cat food. And he couldn't stop eating it too.
Sam was extremely picky. He would only eat pizza and fries. His mother would try to get him to eat other things but he refused. Until one day she made a lasagna and Sam tried it and liked it. Sam promised to try all kinds of new things.
Millie was baking cookies. She was just taking the tray out of the oven. Suddenly, her arm bumped into the bright orange heating element. She immediately stuck the burned area under some cold water. Still, she got a fairly gnarly burn mark that lasted for a week.
One day I saw a cab stop in my building's driveway. The driver asked if I called for a cab. As I did not, the driver went into the lobby. The concierge told him his passenger would be coming.q. The passenger was 20 minutes late, and the driver was irate.
Tom tattooed his ex girlfriend's name on him. They broke up shortly after. Tom kept it for several years. He found a new girl that wanted him to remove it. He replaced it with her name.
The man ran very fast. He stopped to catch his breath. He was more tired than he thought. He sat down for a break. He didn't feel like running after that.
Zack went on an African safari trip. He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras. One approached their car. Zack rolled down the window and reached out his hand. The zebra bit down on his hand and ran off!
The girl scouts were having a special ceremony. It was for new girl scouts! They lit candles and walked across a bridge. It was a special day for the girls. They loved being part of a troop.
Buster missed the bus in the morning. He walked to school. He got to school one hour late. The principal of the school told his mom. His mom grounded Buster for two weeks.
Sara found a purse in the women's bathroom at JC Penney. She assumed the purse belonged to the woman who had just left. Sara chased after the woman to let her know about the purse. The woman did not thank Sara for letting her know. Sara was annoyed that the woman did not show any appreciation.
Jesse had big windows outside of his house. They had big bushes in front of them. His house was very dark because of it. He cut the trees down with a chainsaw. Now, light could shine through his windows.
Eric was eating out at a restaurant. His service was poor. His food came out cold. He went home and gave it a bad review online. It wound up hurting the business.
I've always been a big believer in karma. Especially since a girl who was mean to me in school is fat and ugly. I sent a picture of her to some friends expressing that and laughing. Later that day, I fell and sprained my wrist. That's karma and I should have known better.
Adam was at lunch. He noticed a new kid sitting by themselves and felt bad. He approached the kid and introduced himself. The kid seemed very open and wanted to talk. Soon, the two became good friends.
A bus driver was tired of how his bus looked. He brought it to an auto shop to take the roof off. He came back a week later to pick up his bus. The garage worker told him it cost $8,000. The bus driver told him at that price he'll have to raise bus fare.
Liam and Owen came home from school full of energy on a rainy day. Because of the rain, Liam and Owen had to stay inside until bedtime. To exert some energy, Liam and Owen rode scooters around the house. Once they were bored with scooters, they watched some television. After dinner and bathing, Liam and Owen went to sleep.
Carlos oven was filthy. So Carlos started to clean it. He spent thirty minutes cleaning it. It was a huge chore. But Carlos was glad to get it done.
Sue's mom had a jeep but Sue couldn't drive it. Sue didn't know how to drive a manual transmission. Sue's dad took her to a parking lot to teach her to drive. She practiced for hours to learn how to operate it. Now Sue drives the Jeep to school every day.
Sheila worked for a customer care center, and hated her job. While some customers were nice, most were downright nasty. But one day she was in a great mood, as she'd won $200 recently. She thought her mood would last, but her first customer was a jerk. She resigned herself to another bad day at work.
This morning i left my house and got in my car. I turned the key but it would not start. I asked my neighbor to come over and give me a jump start. He brought his car and hooked up the cables. My car started right up and i got on my way.
Logan went for a drive. He wanted to recapture the feeling of being free of all constraints. But as the day went by, he felt more sad than happy. He realized that his life had in fact become a burden. And to free himself from it, he chose to leave everything behind.
I woke up one morning at 5am. I began my usual routine of getting ready for work. I took a shower and put my make up. I then got dressed and was about to leave for work. Then I looked at the time and realized it was Saturday.
Cathy was looking for ideas for the school fair. Cathy decided it would be fun to have a dunk tank. Cathy choose the principal, and the vice principal to be in the tank. At the fair, the dunk tank was a hit. Cathy was glad to see the tank was such a success.
Tom loves movies. He decided that he would watch one. So he got a movie and played it. He got some popcorn. Tom sat down and enjoyed his movie.
Beth was good friends with Bill. Bill was a competent software engineer. Beth asked Bill how she could learn. Bill suggested she simply start building something immediately. Beth followed his advice and gained valuable coding skills.
My fiancee's dad and stepmom came to visit last month. We didn't start cleaning the house as early as we should have. We procrastinated until a week before they were to arrive. We ended up having to spend hours each day cleaning. In the end it looked like we had never even had a messy house!
I ran towards the bathroom. Several people were waiting in line when I got there. They told me that the bathroom was full. I tried to wait although my bladder was too full. I ended up urinating on the ground.
Sam was too small for his college wrestling team. His coach gave him a few months to bulk up. Sam tried different things but it didn't work. Sam wasn't able to gain enough mass. He was not allowed on the team.
Elsie heard a soft scratching coming from inside the barn. She drew closer, hoping to find the source of the noise. As she entered the barn, she heard soft mewing noises. There, in the hay, lay a cat and four newborn kittens! Elsie smiled and went to go get a dish of milk for them.
Anita was a chef in a kitchen. She made a delicious dish for a customer. The server mistakenly brought the dish to another diner. Anita realized what the server did. Anita quickly began working on a replacement dish.
Jake went bowling one day. It was his friend's birthday. Jake decided to be nice and let his friend win. The friend was excited over beating him. Jake played along to make him feel good.
Neil was visiting Philadelphia. He toured the old historical structures. He learned a lot about American history. He also snapped lots of photos. Neil couldn't wait to relive his memories of Philadelphia!
Tom bought frozen pops from the store. He really liked them but they cut up his mouth. He kept eating a lot of them. His mouth was really sore within days. Tom had to stop eating them for a week.
Leah needed new vitamins. She just didn't like the taste of them. Yet she found out about gummy vitamins. She tried some. She ended up loving it.
Ken found the dusty old book, just sitting there. He flipped it open out of idle curiosity. Picture after picture showed how amazing the African continent was. Ken resolved he'd one day visit it. He grew up to be a world renown archaeologist.
Andy was afraid of going to the doctor. One day he found a lump on his arm that didn't go away. Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor. The doctor reassured him during his exam and made him feel comfortable When it turned out to be nothing serious, Andy was glad he had gone.
Terry heard a funny noise outside. It was a wild turkey! He watched the weird creature wander around the yard. Finally, it went back into the woods. Terry couldn't believe what he had just seen!
Violet loved her doll house. Every day, she took it off the shelf and set it up. She imagined complicated life stories for her dolls. The daddy was a chef and the mommy was a doctor. Violet pretended she was the little girl doll.
Louisa loved roller coasters. She loved roller coaster games as well. She decided to download one on her iPad. When she downloaded one it was great. She beat the game in a day.
Joe was driving home from work. Joe's phone started to vibrate, and ring. His phone was alerting him about an appointment. Joe saw the notification was his 15th anniversary. He stopped and got a beautiful bouquet for his wife.
Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious. She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.
My daughter had 4 friends when she was a teenager. Three were Catholic and one was Jewish. One day the group went to midnight mass on Xmas eve. The Jewish girl had no idea what was going on. She was glad to be with the group, however.
Casey was having a great time riding her bike with her friend. To her surprise she fell off the bike and broke her arm. Her mother took her to the hospital to get a cast for it. As she got the cast, she got all her friends to sign it. She could not wait for her arm to heal.
It was easter Sunday and everyone was getting ready to go to church. I never been to church so I didn't know what to expect. When I arrive there it was exciting and joyful experience. Everyone was nice to me and welcome me. Ever since I always go to Church.
The cashier was rude to her customer. The customer complained to the cashier's boss. The boss warned the cashier to not be rude again. The customer filed another complaint the next week. The cashier was fired.
Glenda was an unfeeling little brute. She bullied everyone around her with contempt and malice. One day, Glenda slipped on an icy sidewalk. No one stopped to help her, or even call the police. She died of hypothermia after many excruciating hours.
Our manager introduced us to a new employee. Since she was attractive, all of the guys were excited. They did a lot of favors for her. Unlike them, I treated her as an ordinary person. Despite being silent, she approached me first.
When I came home, I placed my belongings on the floor. I also grabbed the leftover dinner from last night. After eating it, I still felt hungry. Thankfully, my brother brought Chinese takeout from his house. I managed to finish my plate.
I was seventeen. My friends invited me to a party. There was beer at the party. My friends offered me beer. I declined because I was of a strong moral character.
Tim was at a family reunion. He had one uncle who always drank too much. He was there, but sober. Tim asked him what was up. Tim's uncle was in a recovery program.
The rope snapped and flayed Tom's skin away. Tom screamed in pure agony, but grabbed the rope and held fast. The hurricane continued to rage around the ship. Tom offered a pleading prayer to the heavens. The authorities found his cold corpse still clutching the rope.
I worked in a wallpaper warehouse in the summer of 1974. I stocked wallpaper, and picked orders. The job was not hard, but it involved walking a lot. I lost forty pounds that summer. I went back to the warehouse in 1975.
Mick and his sister went outside to play. They found a ball and began tossing it. They began a game of catch. Soon Mick fumbled and dropped the ball. His sister won the game!
Ben's car was behaving strangely. He took it into the repair shop. There, the mechanic said he needed a new transmission. Ben sadly forked over $1100 for the repair. Afterwards, at least, his car ran smoothly once again.
The baby managed to get out of the tent. He ended up falling into the water. Although he was able to float, the current pushed him. Dan tried running after him before he drowned. He managed to pull the baby out within minutes.
I was camping in the woods. We heard a pack of wolves cry. We packed our tents up. We put it in the camper. We saw the wolves walk by us.
Hallie is having a class party at school. She wanted to get the whole class something. Hallie and her mom went to the store. They got got a bunch of candy. Hallie is so happy she is taking all that candy to her classmates.
Jenny's family arrived late to the parade! She was so small she would never be able to see anything. They had to stand all the way in the back! Fortunately her father was very tall! He lifted her onto his shoulders so she could see the action.
There once was a famous DoTA player named Artourzy Babaevski. He was a much loved pubstar, and everyone praised his antics. He was drafted for many different teams. Sadly, Artourzy choked every second he could, and lost every match. Artourzy never recovered from being a choker, and quit DoTA.
Sam broke his leg as a child. He had to get a cast for a month. Afterward he had to go through physical therapy. It was annoying and arduous. Sam got through it and is much better off today.
George had to write an essay. His teacher assigned the topic of family. George had no idea what to write. So he decided to cheat. However, George got caught and was suspended.
My mom and dad bought a puppy 5 years ago. Dad died 3 years ago. The puppy grew up and it always barks and jumps on people. No one likes the dog and no one can visit mom with all the barking. Most of us wish she never got that puppy.
Jenny enjoys baking for her friends on a regular basis. She decided to enter a baking competition. Jenny baked a beautiful and delicious fruit tart. The judges at the competition loved her fruit tart. Jenny won first place at the baking competition!
Javier decided he needed a hobby. He joined the chorus in his small town. Javier went to practice singing with the chorus every day. He loved how they sounded singing together. He was happy that he had a new hobby.
Neil took a train to the capital city of Oman, Muscat. There, he learned about the Omani culture. He saw museums and mosques full of rich history. He also enjoyed yummy local meals. Neil knew he'd remember Muscat forever with fondness!
Tom dropped his phone on the sidewalk. He didn't have a cover for it. The screen cracked in several places. The rest of the phone wasn't severely broken. Tom kept using the phone with a cracked screen.
Our cat slept with us last night. I got up at 3 AM to use the bathroom. The cat was sitting awake, looking at my wife. She was purring contentedly. I told my wife the cat favors her.
Ted has been working all night on studying. He has been studying for a big test. The day of the test comes. Ted takes the test. Ted passes with flying colors.
Rob was going to the movies. He didn't want to have to pay for snacks at the movie. He decided to eat at a diner before the movies. Rob was full when he got to the movies. All he had to pay for was his ticket.
Jane wanted to wear a shirt. She couldn't find it. She asked her roommate if she had seen it. The roommate admitted to borrowing it. She returned it and apologized.
A fierce group of warriors called themselves the Moon Men. They would attack their enemies when the moon was full. The Moon Men hid in the trees near an enemy camp. Once the enemy went to sleep, they climbed down from the trees. The Moon Men yelled and charged into the camp.
Larry wanted to find a new job. His current job did not pay enough. He was thousands of dollars in debt. He applied everywhere online. He eventually found a job that payed double his salary.
Candace's daughter was graduating high school. Candace decided to throw her a graduation party. Candace went to the store and bought a cake. She decorated the house. Candace and her daughter were ready for the party.
Some uncles shared a Thanksgiving meal. They ate a lot of meat. One of them felt really sick. He went to the bathroom. He threw up.
Tom was the first to graduate college in his family. Everyone was very proud of him. Unfortunately Tom was unable to find a job after. He struggled making less than other family members. Everyone quickly forgot about his graduation.
Cindy was reading through her email when she spotted something. It was her birthday and a local pizza shop had sent a gift card. She didn't have anyone to go with her to the pizza shop. Cindy decided it didn't matter and went to get pizza by herself. She ended up having a very good time by herself.
Rosie was proud to have a solo in her choir's concert. But Rosie was getting increasingly nervous as the concert went on. Finally, when it was time for her solo, Rosie was trembling in fear! Because of her shaky voice, Rosie feared she had done terribly! She was relieved when everyone assured her she had sounded good.
Gina's family road trip was coming to an end. They were in town and driving to her grandma's house. Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved. It was almost winter and they were closed for the season. Gina was sad since she was looking forward to going there.
Nancy was not feeling well. Her husband had made her breakfast but she'd hardly eaten. She especially didn't want her eggs which were cold. She decided to try heating everything up first. Still, heated, Nancy didn't want to eat at all.
I went to see my new PCP this morning. My old one left town. When I arrived I was told I had the wrong date. I left and had coffee with my brother who lives nearby. My brother bought coffee and drove me home.
Maya was hosting her very first Thanksgiving dinner. She tried her best to entertain while cooking dinner. As she chatted with guests she ran back and forth to the oven. Suddenly she got caught up in a chat with friends. Before it was too late, the turkey burned in the oven.
Erin was in the boy scouts. But he thought it was a waste of time. One day while hiking, however, he got lost. He remember how to build a tent and start a fire. So he was glad he was in the boy scouts.
Ted had a big test tomorrow. He did not study all week. He was very nervous. He emailed the teacher a note saying he was sick. Ted got an extension and was able to fully study.
The other night my niece was walking in the park. She suddenly felt pain in her heel. She could not walk on her heel. She went to urgent care, who recommended an MRI. She had a stress fracture and has to wear a boot for 4 weeks.
Tom wanted to prank his principal. He decided to make a fake news story about him. They replaced his real newspaper with the fake one. The principal was amused. Tom thought it was funny too.
Donald is a very successful man. His friends are very concerned by the color of his skin. They think he is tanning much too often. Donald is almost an orange like color. His friends try to convince Donald not to Tan anymore.
Sally woke up one morning to find her fish not moving at the bottom. She was too scared to check to see if he was alive or not. Sally's crying caused her mother to come into the room. Sally explained her fish wasn't moving, so her mom checked for her. Thankfully, he was just sleeping.
A new frozen yogurt place opened up near me. I decided to check it out. When I got there I tried a sample. It was amazing. I ordered a large and I loved it.
Ben met a girl at the pub. He took her home with him that night. In the morning he woke up apprehensively. He thought he might seem ugly to him. But to his relief, she was still lovely!
There was a family with a leaky shower. They called the landlord to fix it. He called a plumber, who came out. The plumber was able to fix it. The family had no more leaks.
The rehab therapist told Bradley to stretch for a few minutes. Afterwards, they did a few squats and lower body exercise. Since Bradley didn't exercise for a month, he struggled a little bit. His body got extremely sore after the workout. His therapist had to drag him into his car.
I am a kindergarten teacher. It is amazing how all the kids are so willing to learn to read. I am able to make learning hands on and fun. The students come into kindergarten with little reading skills. At the end of the year they can all read!
Jin-woo rushed across campus, he was late for his 8am lecture. Above him, the sky rumbled angrily and it began to rain. As he crossed the slick stone of the courtyard, he fell. Jin-woo's books scattered and his notebooks fell into a puddle. A teacher helped him up, asking where he was rushing to on a Sunday.
Los Angeles was going through the worst heatwave ever. All people wanted to do is stay in and keep cool. Some people went to the movie theatre because it was always cold. It got so hot though the whole cities power went out. All anyone could do is sit in their car and wait until it passed.
Tim saw a mouse in his home. He tried to catch it. The mouse got away. Tim decided to get a cat. The cat got the mouse in five minutes.
Dorothy enjoyed taking care of her son. Her son was disabled due to a car accident. She did everything for him and did it with a smile. Then one day her son Randy passed away. Dorothy was heartbroken.
I was cleaning out my room. There was so much junk in the closet. I was sad that it was so dirty. My friends came over to help. After that, the room was no longer messy.
Jim loved to laugh and joke around. But his parents feared he would never get a real job! Then Jim had a great idea. He started to work the mic at comedy clubs, and folks loved him! His parents were so relieved to see their son happily employed.
Cameron had just finished opening Christmas gifts. He was sad because he hadn't received his video game. Suddenly his parents announced a surprise. Hidden under the couch was his video game. Cameron had tons of fun with his new gift.
The cheerleaders lined up. They waved their pom poms in the air. It was time for the team to take the field. They started a cheer for the crowd. The cheerleaders smiled and did flips.
Spencer was doing a HIT. He was supposed to write a story. He wrote a short story. He got paid well for it. Spencer loved writing the story!
Jane had been going to a counselor for a few months for anxiety. She had already told this counselor a lot of embarrassing information. Jane was at the mall with her friend when they ran into the counselor. The counselor smiled and said hello. Jane pretended she didn't know him and walked quickly away.
A man at a party lied and told everyone he saw a ghost that night. Some people believed him and began to get scared and hysterical. Those that didn't believe him told him to leave the party. He left but came back later making ghost sounds outside. Even the skeptics began to get very freaked out.
Thomas had never been hunting before. Dennis said he would be happy to take home. They both went to the sporting good store and bought supplies. After the finished shopping they both went hunting. Thomas shot his first deer and enjoyed his hunting trip.
Stephen waited nervously to shoot his free throw. His whole team was counting on him. He grabbed the ball and got ready to shoot. He shot the ball and it went in! The whole team was very happy.
After a cold day my nose is stuffy. I can hardly breathe out of it. I want to blow my nose, but in the bathroom. I didn't want anyone to see. I didn't get this opportunity until I got home at night.
Janie's sister asked her family to meet her at the arena. There was a roller derby match going on. When they got there, her sister wasn't at the seats. When the match started, they realized her sister was in the derby. She had been accepted on the team but hadn't told anyone.
Joe was twelve when he decided to run away from home. He told his parents he was angry with them and would be leaving. Joe went to bed that night thinking this would make them feel sorry. When he awoke the next morning, Joe found his bags packed by the door. His mom attached a note saying she'd see him when he gets back.
My sister-in-law hates Tom Brady, even though she is from Boston. She did not like that he left Bridget Moynahan for Giselle. She roots against Brady, especially during the Superbowl. She was happy Brady lost in 2011. She was furious when he won in 2014.
Waldo started playing a fun video game he bought. He plays it almost every day for at least two hours. He is about half-way done with completing it. He plans on buying the sequel to the video game soon. Waldo is very happy he bought his new game.
Ted overslept one morning. He woke with only minutes to spare. He hurriedly got ready and rushed out to the school bus. But then he realized something terrible. Ted had forgotten his backpack!
Chris found a box of caterpillars. His mom thought they were gross and asked him to throw them away. He want to throw them away but thought they were cute. Chris decided to keep one. It eventually turned into a butterfly and flew away.
Susan really likes to have coffee in the morning and drinks it daily. One morning Susan realized she was out and had to go buy more. She found a store nearby that had a special coffee blend. She was so excited when she brewed her new coffee. After brewing her coffee she took a sip and sighed happily.
I had never played a board game before. My son asked me to buy some. We bought candy land, because it looked simple. We sat down and played it. I enjoyed the game immensely.
Larry had a bad habit of biting his fingernails. His mother would constantly scold him about it. He tried many home remedies. Finally, he found found bitter finger nail polish. Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him.
I moved into my new house five years ago. I travel back and forth to work. On weekends I sit inside most of the day watching TV. One afternoon a man and woman introduce themselves to me. I didn't know such nice people lived  across the road from me.
Today I saw a woman with a baby. She was helping the baby eat lunch. I was thinking about what it would be like to be feeding a baby. I decided that I wanted a baby someday. I decided to find a wife so I could start a family.
The ship was headed out to sea. It was a huge oil tanker. It was going to take oil to a few ships out at sea. The ship filled up with oil and headed out. The ships were anxiously awaiting it!
I was at a picnic one day. Suddenly a bee stung me. My arm began to swell. A doctor said I was allergic to bees. I had not known that before.
Today was a sad day for Jim. It marked the anniversary of his father's passing. He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year. He walked around the cemetery. He imagined having a conversation with his father.
Kelly decided to make a new recipe for cookies. She spent all day and night trying to perfect it. Finally she got it right. Kelly was very relieved. She then went to show all her friends.
Tina was going to leave her house. But she noticed landscapers blocking the driveway. She was in a rush and upset. So she went and talked to them. Finally they ended up moving.
John packed his suitcase full of clothes for a business trip. While packing, John forgot to include socks. When he arrived, he couldn't find a store that sold socks. He finally borrowed some purple socks from his friend. John went to work wearing a black suit with purple socks.
Blaine was tired from studying for his big exam. He decided to take a break and get some coffee with his friends. After his break he felt energized and refreshed. He went back to his dorm and studied for four more hours. When test day came he felt well prepared and at ease.
Tim moved into a new neighborhood. He noticed a cat running around outside. He kept seeing it. Tim inquired if it belonged to anybody. Everyone said it just belonged to the neighborhood.
Larry wanted to go out with friends. They wanted to go to a bar. Larry had a bit of a drinking problem but went anyway. He got too drunk and made a fool of himself. Larry's friends stopped talking to him.
Uma was making hot cocoa. She was stirring when a bit of liquid splashed up the side. It burned her hand badly. She ran it under cold water quickly. Still it formed a nasty welt.
Tim was an annoying kid. He once tried to snort a jelly bean. It got stuck in his nostril. Tim's parents weren't able to get it out. He had to go to the ER to have it removed.
Tina was getting married. She was so very excited. It was a big day. But all the sudden it started to rain. Tina had to move it indoors.
Oliver had a doctor's appointment. He had to take the bus to the office. Once he was there he got checked in. The doctor saw him and everything looked healthy. At the end of the appointment, he got a flu shot.
Roger Rumface was a prisoner. He spent most of his days in his cell. One day, a guard collapsed in front of him as he was reading. He yelled and shouted, to no avail. Ultimately Roger had to set his bed on fire to get anyone to help.
Todd was riding his dirt bike in the woods. He began to ride down a small dirt road away from his friends. While on the road, his dirt bike began to stop working. Suddenly, Todd's dirt bike ran out of gas and he was alone. Todd had to push the dirt bike five miles back to his truck.
Tim was broke. He needed to fly to see his girlfriend. He decided to get a job. He worked his way up to CEO. After that he used the private jet to see his girlfriend.
Louis wanted a great godmother for his newborn son. But he couldn't think of just the right person. Then he decided that his wife's sister would be perfect. Louis eagerly asked her the important question. And she happily agreed to be godmother to Louis's son!
George was driving his car. He smelled something bad in the car. He looked around the car to find the smell. He found a food container from the previous week. George decided he needed to clean his car.
Eli was the lone survivor of the capsized boat. He'd been in the life raft for days. Suddenly he spotted a cruise ship coming towards him! Eli waved his arms and as it came towards him. The ship drowned Eli as it went over him and his raft.
Tammy convinced her boyfriend to go ice skating with her. He fell as soon as he touched the ice. No matter what he tried he kept falling over. Eventually he sat and ate while she skated. Tammy still appreciated the effort and loved him for it.
Henry was smacking the grass with a tennis racket. His neighbor looked through the window. He noticed that the grass on his side of the house was ruined. He ran out with a belt. Henry tried to run away.
A large thunderstorm occurred in the town. Lightning bolts struck everywhere. A nearby forest caught on fire and all of the trees were burned. After the storm faded, the fire forest was burned to ashes. Several animals were killed and many were injured.
Bonnie had been a smoker her whole life. She went to the Doctor and got some bad news. He told her she had to stop smoking if she wanted to live. Bonnie was determined to stop smoking. Bonnie with a little help from her friends stopped smoking for good.
As we left the haunted house, I heard screaming. A loud chainsaw started behind me. I screamed too, running in terror. I looked behind me, realizing my mistake. It was just a part of the act, and there was no blade.
Dave took his time in the shower. The water got cold. He got out of the shower. His roommate came home. His roommate took a cold shower.
Angela was looking through her grandmother's attic. She found an ancient contraption. Her dad explained that you put video tapes in it. It was an amazing antique. Angela took it home to show all her friends how strange it was.
Edgar sat in the park alone. He had a bag of seeds that he was feeding to the pigeons. He felt sad that he was so alone. Then a raven landed nearby, also wanting some seeds. Edgar did not feel alone anymore, seeing the raven stand out.
Jim has a very important math test next week. He is really worried about passing with a good grade. Jim decided to ask his teacher for ideas on great study tips. His teacher gave him some really great studying advice. The next week Jim passed his test with a perfect score.
Candice wanted to plant a garden but, wasn't sure where to begin. Her neighbor came over and offered to bring her to the garden store. Candice and her neighbor picked out tomato plants, pots and soil. Candice returned home and planted her tomato plants. Within weeks Candice had her tomatoes and was extremely happy.
Max had gotten down at the gas station. He went inside to pay for his gas. Max left his credit card inside the gas station. He drove away after pumping his gas. When Max realized he left his card, he turned around and returned.
The boys thought it would be fun to bring their dog on a boat ride. The dog didn't feel the same way. She was very scared when they put a life jacket on her. They coaxed the dog onto the boat and started paddling. The dog was still scared but didn't mind the boat once she got on it.
Lena had never imagined herself musically gifted. When she purchased a tambourine on a whim, she played with it. It was surprising that she was able to play the tambourine. Without effort, she played the tambourine. Lena ended up joining a local garage band.
Cory was the best football player in the school. His grades were awful but he was sure he would get a scholarship. During a party, Cory jumped into a pool and broke his leg. Though his leg healed, he was unable to play for the next three years. Cory barely managed to graduate and couldn't get into college.
Bill was always very tired. He decided to go to the doctors to find out why this was. After several tests, the doctors had come back with a diagnosis. Bill's issue was that he had a bad mattress. He never realised how uncomfortable he was prior to his new bed.
Haley tried to connect to the internet. After awhile, she realized it was down. Confused, she called her internet company. They told her that she had been late paying a bill. She paid immediately and vowed to plan better in the future.
Bernie had no family and no friends. He was a very sad and lonely man. He spent most of his time alone in his apartment. One day he decided to learn the guitar. Now Bernie plays blues songs and wallows in his self-pity daily.
Hannah loved this one band that played her favorite songs. She wanted to go to their concert really bad but was broke. But she came up with a great idea to earn money. She got a part time job at her friend's mother's bakery. After a lot of hard work and saving she was able to afford tickets.
John had a hard day at work and decided to play a video game. He got home and sat on the couch and turned the game on. He played until it was time for dinner. John ate dinner and felt better. He played for a little while longer and went to bed happy.
Marsha was a teacher. All of her students loved her. Marsha was going to retire. Her students and co-workers threw her a small retirement party. Marsha was brought to tears.
Lily asked her drunk husband for some assistance in the kitchen. Her husband stumbled about, messing things up. Lily told him to go back to the living room. She didn't want him getting hurt. Lily was very upset with him for being so intoxicated.
Twin sisters Ally and Dally were planning Dally's date. Dally wasn't really feeling up to it at the last minute. She decided to ask her twin Ally to stand-in for her. She dressed like Dally, & did her hair, nails and makeup like Dally. Surprisingly, her date knew immediately and drove off hurriedly.
Kim hunkered down at home as a hurricane blew through town. She watched the wind blowing palm leaves all around. She went to sleep hoping all would be well. In the morning the small tree outside her window was down. She ran outside to see the tree had fallen near, but missed her car.
Sara was a new mommy. She wanted to breastfeed her baby but it was painful. Sara kept trying to feed her baby. After a few weeks it was no longer painful. Sara was able to breastfeed her baby for a whole year.
Sam had to wake up early for work. He noticed he forgot to do his laundry last night. It was too late to do his laundry now. Sam quickly went to the store and bought new clothes. He looked very classy with his new attire at work.
Lars went for a walk in the woods. He found an old treehouse. He started climbing to the top. He slipped and fell. He grabbed the branch and clung to life.
Ken wanted to propose to his girlfriend. He didn't know how to do it. He asked her friends. Unfortunately they told Ken's girlfriend about it. Ken still went through with a romantic proposal.
Larry had an important job interview. He did not have a suit for his interview. He went to the mall to buy a suit. He bought one for $500 dollars. Larry aced his job interview the next day.
George waited in the movie theater line nervously. As the line moved forward, he hoped he wouldn't get caught. At the kiosk, George asked for a ticket for the latest horror film. The theater attendant asked George for photo identification. George pretended he left it at home, but it was no use.
When Sparky turned ten his mom said he could walk to the story alone. One afternoon Sparky took his allowance and walked to the store. He went right to the aisle of toys. He chose a toy car. He took the toy car home and played with it all afternoon.
Tom let his kid play with his phone. He didn't realize he was spending money. Tom's kid was buying expensive apps. Tom got upset when he found out. He no longer let him play with his phone.
A big storm came overnight. When Kelly woke up, her car was snowed in. She shoveled her driveway. Then she left for work, a few minutes early. She knew the bad roads would lengthen her commute time!
Anna was making a world atlas. She drew out sketches of each continent. Then she divided it into countries. Lastly, she labeled each country. Then she colored in her atlas.
Liz and Jake had been together for a year. One weekend, Jake took Liz on a surprise vacation. They did many different things and had a great time. Then one night at dinner, Jake got down on one knee. He proposed and Liz said yes.
Bob had recently been arguing a lot with his wife Susan. They agreed to go to counseling together. They discussed all their problems with a family psychologist. They eventually improved their relationship with each other. Afterwards, Bob and Susan wrote a thank you letter.
Sara wanted to make dinner for some guests. She chose a casserole recipe. She tried to make the casserole that afternoon. Unfortunately, she made a mistake and it was overcooked. She had to order pizza for her friends instead.
Irene was scared for her science test today. She spent all night studying and was still nervous. When she got to her seat, the teacher handed her the exam. Frantic, Irene took it. Thankfully it wasn't as bad as I thought.
Cindy was against the war in Oceania. She made a collage of ghastly looking pictures. People were so moved by the pictures, they voted out the warhawks. Cindy felt heady with success and tried to do the same thing with GMOs The people became angry and burned her alive for it.
Matt and I went gold panning. We found a spot in the ground that had the right conditions. We panned five buckets worth of material. We found almost a quarter ounce of gold. We planned all summer in our new productive location.
Phil's wife made him very spicy jambalaya for dinner. She warned him not to take a big spoonful. It smelled so good that Phil couldn't help himself. He took a big spoonful and his mouth felt like it was on fire. Phil wished he had listened to his wife.
Kim wanted to buy a car. Her parents gave her an allowance but not enough to save for a car. Kim decided to look for a job to earn money. She looked on-line at many employers. Kim was hired to a job and saved enough money for her car.
Jill had been taking dance for 6 Year's. She had been working on getting a triple turn. She could not seem to figure out why she could not get her triple. She practiced and practiced. Finally, when she was alone, she got her triple turn.
Larry went to get some fast food. He ate it very quickly. The next day, Larry felt sick. He threw up all day. Larry decided he would stop eating fast food.
Sam was dreading going to her husband's work party. It sounded like a stuffy, boring function. But she went reluctantly, and there she ran into an old friend. She chatted with the girl she hadn't seen in years! Sam was very happy she'd come to the party after all!
Yui wanted to join a school club. She couldn't decide which club to join. Her friend told her that the music club was fun. Yui decided to join them because she could play guitar. The club had a spot open and they happily made her a member.
Jim just got fired from work. He is coming home from work. His car begin to sputter. He pulled over to take a look. His car engine is blown up!
Stanley is scared of girls. He has never had a girlfriend. His friend Todd dared him to ask out the unpopular girl at school. Stan asked her on a date the next day. She accepted.
AJ met his wife Catherine in India. He had traveled all over the world for work. In that time, he had never met anyone like her. They instantly fell in love. Since then, they have been inseparable.
Joy noticed a tiny bird on the ground. She looked up, seeing a nest a few feet above the ground. The mother bird was not in it. Joy used her scarf to lift the baby bird into the nest. She was thrilled to see the mom come back a few minutes later.
Omar decided to only spend $20 at the grocery store. But he ended up spending $35. He regret spending more than he should have. So the next time Omar went shopping, he set his limit even lower. But the stressful constants made Omar overspend even more.
Nicole wanted to go to a party. Her parents forbid her from going. After they went to sleep Nicole sneaked out of the house. She came home very drunk after the party. Her parents said the hangover was punishment enough.
Tom was in the mood to chew gum. He reached into his pocket. He found only a box of mints. He said to himself that it was close enough. He ate the mint, quite content.
Joe went to class on Friday in a very good mood. He could not wait for school to be over so he could go to the mall. When he got into class, he saw everyone studying very hard. He asked his friend why everyone was studying. It turned out that Joe had forgotten about his test.
A man sat in the waiting room. He waited for his turn to see the doctor. His doctor called him in. The man complained about the wait. The doctor apologized.
Leda's cat was pregnant. Leda was relieved to learn this. She had believed the cat to simply be getting overweight. The cat eventually gave birth to three kittens. Leda decided to keep all of them, but to get them fixed.
The other day I was babysitting my little brother. He was being really bratty. I told him he would have to go to sleep if he didn't behave. He continued acting up. I had to make him go to sleep early and he resented me for it.
When my husband and I moved to Florida last year, we knew noone. After being here a year, I began to feel lonely for friends. I put an ad on craigslist, describing the things that I like to do. I had several people answer the ad, all strange birds in my opinion. There was one lady who told me that she goes dumpster diving for fun!
James saw something on the roof. He grabbed a ladder and climbed up to investigate. It was a tennis ball. He pulled it off the roof and threw it down into the yard. He figured a kid had thrown it up by mistake.
Anne woke up trembling. She was trapped in the dark. Then she calmed down. She had had a nightmare, that was all. Anne turned the light on to help her calm down.
Cynthia was sneaking out of jail. She had stolen keys from a guard. She knew she would be in terrible trouble if she got caught. She decided the risk was worth it. When she fled, she ran as fast as she could.
Jackson's mother was old and ill. The more time went on, the more ill she became. One day Jackson got a call that his mother was near death. Jackson drove to the hospice where she was living. He arrived just in time to say goodbye to his mother one last time.
Kerry was eating a piece of hard candy. All of a sudden she bit down. As she bit, part of her tooth broke. Kerry rush to the dentist. She had to have emergency dental surgery to fix her tooth.
Jenna had no money to pay her rent. Her boyfriend Bill suggested they have a garage sale to raise money. They worked all week gathering and cleaning items for the sale. A lot of people showed up at the garage sale to buy things. Jenna made over $1,500 and could pay all her bills.
Aaliyah was a TV reporter. She was on her way to her wedding in a flowing white gown. Her cellphone started ringing. The TV station wanted her to cover a breaking news story close by. Aaliyah was the best dressed reporter on the scene.
Ana had been studying for her driver test. She went to the test with optimism. She aced the written part. Then she did well on the road test! They handed Ana her license on the way out!
Amy used her mom's card to buy new volleyball shorts. But she ended up overspending. Her mother was furious when she told her. Amy reminded her it was only money. Amy was furious when the difference came out of her allowance.
Jon loved Facebook. He became addicted to it. He realized he needed to stop using it. He decided to download a program to block Facebook. After a few months he no longer had an addiction to Facebook.
Kenny was in a hotel. His room was on the sixth floor. Kenny took the elevator. The elevator got stuck on his way up. Kenny was terrified of riding elevators again.
Anna bought a goat to have fresh milk. She named the goat Lady. Every morning Anna woke to milk Lady. Then she would enjoy the fresh milk. Goat's milk was Anna's favorite!
Matt hated the amount of littering in his town. So if he saw someone litter, he threw trash at him or her. He began to record his videos. And they went viral. But soon enough, Matt was put in jail.
I got called to the office during class. I walked out and stopped at my locker. Just as I was trying to open my door, the teacher walked out. He said my name and my locker popped open and hit my knee. He told me not to hurt myself and walked away.
I went into my attic to store a box. I heard a strange sound above me. Suddenly, a bat flew towards me. I dropped my boxes and ran down stairs. I shut the attic door and never saw the bat again.
I work hard when I drink coffee. I ran out of sugar one day. Without sugar, I don't drink coffee. I didn't work at all that day. I figured out coffee is good for work.
A kitten climbed high up in a tree. When he looked down, he was scared. He cried and cried until someone noticed him way up there. They called the fire department, and a truck came with a big ladder. The fireman climbed up the ladder and rescued the kitten.
I went into the frozen food section. I found pumpkin flavored toasters strudel. I bought a box of it. I made it for the kids. They devoured them all the first morning.
Marilyn was at the lake with her family. They were exploring some narrow canyons. Suddenly, they came upon a nice looking canoe. They waited for it's owner but nobody appeared to claim it. Finally, they decided to keep it.
Jill bought a house. Neighbors told her that her house was cursed. She watched TV at night and heard some sounds in the attic. She used a ladder to get there. She saw a raccoon eating some old nuts.
A great storm came through a town after weeks of no rainy. The water collected to from a big river that ran through the town. The mayor canoed through the new river to check on his residents. He found that everyone was safe and secure in their houses. All the people thanked the mayor for checking in.
Sara decided to throw a surprise birthday party for Amanda. She went to the store for invitations. The invitations were mailed. Lots of people said that they would come to the party. On the night of the party everyone surprised Amanda.
Charles went to the cafe when it was about to close. He ordered a large coffee so he could stay awake and study. But, he told the cashier he was hungry but couldn't afford food. While Charles drank his coffee, the manager walked over to him. He asked Charles if he wanted sausage sandwiches they were trashing?
Sue was dropped from a stunt during cheer practice. She did not want to go to the doctor. However, her ankle kept swelling. Sue's mom finally convinced her to go. Sue had sprained her ankle.
Allie promised her cousin she would visit him this summer. She had packed her favorite toys and games to play with her cousin. When she finished packing her dad drove Allie to the airport. This would be her first airplane ride alone to visit her cousin. When her airplane landed her cousin and aunt was there to greet her.
Ben had a spat with his best friend. They did not speak for weeks. But then Ben realized it was silly to fight over something trivial. He called his friend and made overtures of apology. To his relief, his friend apologized too!
Ashley was driving with her brother. They decided to take back roads instead of the highway. They soon were lost and had no idea where they were. They spent hours driving around trying to find the right way. Ashley eventually stopped at a gas station to ask directions.
Betty was redoing her bathroom. She was putting in new tiles. They were pink and blue. Her husband didn't like the colors. But she didn't care and finished the redo.
I like to play 3 minute speed chess online. Sometimes this lets me beat better players by speed. I recently practiced an obscure opening, the Bird. It is not well known, and makes the opponent take time. So far I have beaten two players who ar 300 points better.
My father and I went on a 40-mile canoe trip one weekend. The canoe company dropped us off on Friday afternoon. We camped along the side of the river that night. On Saturday we paddled down the river until making camp at sunset. We rowed again all Sunday morning to the spot we were to be picked up.
As a kid, I would navigate construction sites looking for treasures" I would pick up tiny wood blocks and flags stuck in the ground. I brought them all home and my mom was horrified. She said the flags were marking dangerous things underground. She told me to go put them back but I didn't remember where they went.
Ron wanted to travel the world a bit. He bought a yacht and hired a cabana boy from Florida. Together they sailed the oceans and had many adventures. Ron wrote a book about all the things they did. He made enough money from it to take another trip around the world.
Rodney was running for congressman. His wife was pregnant, but decided to abort. The press discovered this, and wrote a story. Rodney feared he would lose the election. He denied the abortion and adopted a baby and claimed it was his.
Eliza wanted to wear pants to the school dance. The school rules insisted only boys could wear pants. Eliza ignored the rule. She bought a pretty pants suit to wear for the dance. Both Eliza and her date for the dance had a great time.
The trip had been a great success so far. There were only a few more days left before they had to return. Sherry wanted to try something new. She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it. She couldn't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water.
There was a girl named Sally who loved cookies. She always had a sack of them handy. One day she slipped and fell on the icy sidewalk. Sally landed on her sack of cookies. She cried all the way home.
Martha was overweight. She decided to hire a personal trainer. The personal trainer was helpful at first. However he started to maker her feel bad about her body. Martha became angry and fired her personal trainer.
A man's brother had to drive his brother to school. So he got up and went to his car. There was way too much traffic that day. So he was late for class and the brother missed a test. This is why he failed the class.
Remi tried to stay up all night to finish her homework. So she decided to make coffee. But she ended up drinking much more coffee than intended. She began feeling too jittery and anxious to concentrate. Remi decided to drink decaf coffee from then on.
Jake was playing with his cat. His cat was playing very aggressively. His cat scratched directly in the eye. Jake had to go to the hospital afterwards. Jake had to get surgery in order to fix his eye.
Gabby always brought cookies to school. But at lunch, everyone wanted them. And she had a hard time saying no. Gabby began to hate the other students. And at lunch, she ate far away from everyone.
I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico. When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm. The plane finally left but not before the connecting flight took off. I had to stay the night in Florida. The next morning the weather was perfect and I went to Puerto Rico.
Jackson rode his bike to school. When he went to leave, the bike was gone. Jackson walked home from school. He told his parents his bike was missing. Jackson's parents called the school about the bike.
Late last night I woke up when I heard a noise. It was very dark and scary in my room. I checked in my closet. When I looked in there I got very spooked. My friend had been hiding in there the whole time.
Kya was starting kindergarten. She was terrified when she climbed on the bus. But by the time she arrived at school, she felt better. She had made friends on the bus. Kya knew she'd make many more in class!
Liz was excited that she was babysitting for a new family. They were paying twice what she normally made. After the parents left she found out why. The kids were terrible and wouldn't listen. She vowed she would not watch them again for any amount of money.
Taylor grumbled incessantly as she attempts to untangle the computer w. She had been at this job for 30 minutes. She had to resort to unplugging everything to get the wires untangled. She sighed with relief as she plugged in the last cable. She was happy with the way it looked now.
Tim had terrible teeth. He finally decided to make an appointment and do something about it. When Tim called he was told they had a two month waiting list. He told the receptionist the details of his problems. She scheduled Tim in for an appointment the next day.
Tracy works at the 99 cent store. It got very busy. There were lines of people. She was very stressed out. SHe got another worker to take over.
Jane woke up one morning and felt like her skin was too pale. So she packed up her beach bag and drove to the beach. She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun. However, she was so comfortable that she fell asleep. When she woke up, instead of being tanned, she was burnt to a crisp!
Mary was walking home from work. A man ran past her and snatched her purse. Mary tried to chase him, but he was too fast. She called the police and explained what happened. The police investigated but never caught the purse snatcher.
Alex was hiding from her mother. Her mother couldn't find her. Alex's mother got worried. Alex went tell her mother where she was. Alex's mother told her not to hide again.
Amber was a big fan of a musical group. She always wanted to meet them. She bought a ticket to one of their concerts. She got backstage to meet them. She didn't like them after meeting them.
Andrew was bored. He decided to turn on a new show before bedtime. It was riveting that he stayed up watching episodes for hours! Andrew was obsessed with the story line. He couldn't wait until the new episode aired!
John was jealous of his friend's new bike. He decided to get one too. He did not have any money though. John decided to get a job mowing lawns. Eventually, John saved enough money and got himself a bike.
A little girl loved to play soccer. She started to play for a very competitive club. Her team did very well. They won the regional championship and were sent to nationals. They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment.
I met Sudeep in college. We became fast friends. We studied together after class often. We had competitions to see who made the highest grade. He usually won, but I was never far behind.
One time I was really sick and throwing up. My mom thought that Pepto Bismal would solve the problem. I took it and felt alright for a few moments. I even considered eating food because then I felt better. Soon after these thoughts I made a huge pink vomit puddle on the floor.
Jim liked to wear several pairs of watches on his arms. A policeman saw this and thought Jim was selling fake watches. The cop demanded that Jim hand over all his watches and be arrested. Jim insisted his innocence and offered the cop a watch in good faith. The cop took Jim's nicest watch and let Jim go on his way.
Tim was a student at university. Tim made a new friend name Harriet. He thought Harriet was a unique person. Tim visited her home and discovered she owned a reptile. Tim stroked the reptile and had fun doing so.
Sally was struggling to make a meal in her kitchen. She decided she had enough and to upgrade and remodel it. The next day she hired a contractor and came up with a plan. The contractor set to work the next day. A few weeks later Sally was cooking in a kitchen that she loves.
Yoojung was the main vocalist of her group. Other members of her group wanted to share singing lines with her. She thought it was not a good idea. In their upcoming concert her voice cracked. She apologized for being contrary to her teammates idea.
Jane was driving her convertible. She went into the mall. It started to rain. Jane forgot to put the top up. The car's interior got soaked.
Bob and Jerry were coworkers at a tough job. Every Friday after work, the pair went to the local bar for a drink. They decided they would love to work at a bar instead of their jobs. Bob decided to start a bar, and hired Jerry to be his bartender. The two of them were much happier in their new job.
Mike had just bought a discount hover scooter online. The nice brands were too expensive, but this brand was much cheaper. At first the thing worked great. Suddenly, though, the toy burst into flames. It turned out that the product already had a recall warning.
Rick loved to work on cars. His brother bought an old junker one day and asked Rick to fix it up. He rebuilt the transmission and got it running great. His brother was so impressed that he bought a garage. He made Rick an equal partner and it was a real success.
Allie was driving when she spotted a huge teddy bear on the roadside. Beside the bear were two boys, trying to sell it. The toy was huge and a bit ragged, and Allie didn't really want it. But she knew the boys probably really needed the money. She gave them extra, and was soon stuffing a huge bear into the car.
Today was such a cold and cloudy day. We stayed inside warm and cozy with the kids. We watched two family movies from Redbox. We cleaned the house and I cooked a nice, hot, Italian Sunday dinner. With our bellies full, we all got ready for bed.
Mike loved to play basketball. He practiced everyday. He loved to shoot 3 pointers. He impressed the coaches at his school in tryouts. Mike made the basketball team for his high school team.
I picked out a new van online. My mother was buying it for me. I chose a silver color. I received a blue one. Next time I decided I would get a red one.
Jim loves cars. He has never been to a car show. Last Friday, he decided to go to his first car show. At the car show, Jim was able to see a lot of concept cars. Jim was happy he was able to attend.
My house was very messy from the birthday party. The kids had left paper plates and cups everywhere. I grabbed a trash bag to start cleaning up. I picked up all the trash and then wiped everything down. After I cleaned everything, I made dinner and another mess.
Will bought himself a really nice camera. Will took classes on how to properly use the camera. Will took trips during which he photographed people and places. Will uploaded his pictures to an internet blog. Will has sold over one hundred of his photographs!
John is a singer. He used to sing every night at the local bar. One day he was invited to a TV show. John became famous. He doesn't sing anymore at the local bar.
David was digging a giant hole in the yard. His friends didn't understand why he was digging. They went to his yard to investigate. David was planting an apple tree! David gave fresh apples to his friends when he was done planting.
Jane was jogging. It had just rained. The ground was slippery with leaves. She slipped on one and broke her leg. She had to call an ambulance for help.
Pat really hated Ben. Ben had stolen Pat's remote control. Pat decided to exact revenge on Ben. One day pat put lotion in Ben's glove. Now Ben will never wear gloves again.
Lucy had waited 30 minutes to have fabric cut. She was tired and ready to go home. She and her grandma got in line to checkout. It was another 15 minute wait. When they finally paid Lucy was irritable, and cranky.
Tom hated being sick. He always avoided sick people at work. There was a cold going around. Tom tried his best to avoid it. Unfortunately he got hit by it too.
I can't stand missing socks. I know for a fact I put all of my socks in the dryer. I always have to go searching in the house for them. They are usually hidden underneath the dryer. Very annoying and a waste of time.
When I was a teenager, I had my first girlfriend. One day we decided to sneak out at night. We met up and talked and walked around our streets. We found a hill and sat on it and took a nap. Finally, I walked her back to her house.
Hiroshi and Taro were pretty good friends. One day Hiroshi broke Taro's model car. Taro was very sad and wanted to cry. Hiroshi said he was very sorry and didn't do it on purpose. Taro told him it is alright, the model car isn't important anyways.
Michael has always wanted a car. He has to walk to work everyday. He works very hard to save up. He finally has enough for a car. Michael goes out and buys his brand new car.
Smithson is a successful architect in the area. He designed and built many landmarks. His city loves how beautiful he has made the area. They honor him with a hideous statue Smithson is disappointed because it ruined the view.
Todd thought because it was Friday he would sale a lot of tacos. He made tacos all day long. He sold some tacos but still had many remaining. Todd called me and told me not to cook dinner. Todd said we could have all free tacos we wanted.
Vivienne and Ron are planning a trip. They look up prices for exotic destinations. They check airlines for the price of plane tickets. They carefully construct their travel budget. Eventually, they decide to conserve money and drive to a nearby city.
Jane was having a hard time in school. She was partying too much and not giving school much attention. Jane decided she was going to cut out the partying. She tried her hardest to do well on this test. Her grade came back and it was an F.
John was a very bad student. He never turned in his homework. His teachers thought he'd be in prison by age 20. John sought to prove them wrong. By age 22, he was the CEO was a multi-million dollar company.
Jim wanted to go home for the holidays. The drive was to long so Jim booked a plane ticket. Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim went to the airport and flew home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.
The Klein family decided to let Jimmy get a pet. They drove down to the pet store one day. He decided to get a frog. They brought the frog home. Jimmy took good care of it for three years.
Anna hates it when her mother cries. Unfortunately it happens a lot. Anna's mother lost her job and her back is hurting most of the time. Anna's grandma says that prayers help, but Anna isn't convinced. So far God hasn't answered her.
Orson was a great baseball player. He had been in the game for over twenty years. He noticed his body giving out more and more. He wondered if he could keep up with the times. Orson decided to retire.
Cathy works in a Starbucks. Last week, she had an unruly customer. The customer kept demanding a drink that didn't exist. Eventually, Cathy just gave her a latte. The customer did not know the difference.
I went to the sandwich shop. I ordered a cheddar cheese sandwich. The shop had run out of cheddar. I decided to order a swiss cheese sandwich instead. I regretted my decision.
Kevin could not find his car keys. He looked all over the house for them. Kevin could not find his keys in his backpack. He started to panic since he was late for work. When he reached in his pockets, he found his keys.
Melanie noticed a lump on her back. She asked her husband to take a closer look. Her husband took a quick look but did not notice anything serious. Melanie insisted that she be taken to the hospital. The doctors found nothing out of the ordinary other than a pimple.
Sarah goes on a jog every day. Usually she runs 5 miles. Today she got up to 6 miles. She was determined to run 10 miles. She finally hit her goal distance.
Ramon was used to finding rats in his basement. But when he found a whole family that took the cake. It didn't feel right to kill a whole family. So instead of calling the exterminator, he built them a small house. A month later they had doubled in size and took over.
We grew up with horses at our farm. My step brother and I both had our very own horses. My horse's name was Lucille, while his was named Maude. One day, one of us accidently left the barn gate open. The horses got out, but we were able to round them up down the road!
Sam needed to go to work one snowy morning His windshield was frozen over. He decided to dump hot water on to melt it. Sam's windshield cracked. He had to have it replaced.
Bob wanted to learn to ride a bike, but he was sixteen already! He was embarrassed at his inability to bicycle with his friends. Finally he bought a bike and affixed some training wheels to it. His buddies laughed when they saw the training wheels. But they stopped laughing when Bob removed them and cycled on his own!
Regan decided to get a cat. After doing research she found the perfect cat for her. She went to the local pet shop to adopt the kitten. The owner of the store helped her get all the supplies she would need. Regan was excited to raise her new kitten.
The bus was coming towards my stop. Since he didn't notice me in the corner of the area, he didn't stop. He continued to drive and passed me. I tried running towards the bus but he wasn't paying attention. Afterwards, I decided to go home and take the entire day off.
The boy went to the carnival. He saw a ride he liked. He asked his dad if he could go. His dad took him to the ride. The ride conductor said the boy was too short.
Our daughter lives in NYC. She and her family are going to see her in-laws in Long Island today. She decided to make a lemon cheesecake. Her husband bought the ingredients at at store for $40. She was amazed at how expensive it was to make this item.
Jeff likes to play football. He calls up his friends to play a game. While playing the game Jeff takes a hard hit. Jeff cannot get up. Jeff is badly hurt and taken to the hospital.
I was on the bench with my 99 year old friend Jim today. An ambulance drove up to get a man. Jim then went up for lunch. Jim's daughter showed up and asked me if her dad was in the ambulance. She was relieved when I said no.
Justin was in the back of a police car in handcuffs. The officers said he'd been causing quite a stir. He couldn't remember much at all. He looked up front and inquired where they were going. The officers said they were taking him home to sleep it off.
Tom wanted to go to college. He needed money to do so. He applied to several scholarships. Tom was eventually able to get enough money. He kept his grades up and got his education paid for.
I could never keep still very long. My dad said I was always fidgeting. One day he started calling me Fidget. The name stuck, and everyone called me Fidget. My name has been Fidget ever since.
Spencer has a driving permit. His mom is teaching him to drive. Spencer decided to drive by himself. He hit a telephone pole. His mother was very upset.
John is very funny. When we first met he said he his oven self cleaned. I thought all ovens self clean with help. He actually thought that he cleaned itself. He hasn't lived that one down yet.
Bernie thought he could walk around the lake without needing water. He set out for his long walk holding nothing in his hands. But after fifteen minutes, he realized he was thirsty. He stopped a woman and asked her for some water. The woman gladly gave him her bottle of water and Bernie drank it all.
Eva loved doing hair and makeup. When she finished high school she applied to beauty school. She spent hours working on friends and family. Two years later she received a certificate from her school. Eva was finally a certified cosmetologist.
Sue laid a piece of salmon on the counter. She turned to get some spices from the cabinet. When she turned back she saw her cat running off with the fish. She chased her cat through the living room. When she finally caught up to her, half the fish was gone!
Karen was on a long road trip. She made it halfway to her destination. But then she got lost! She had to go over her maps several times. Finally, she got herself oriented properly.
Ben went to the pet store to buy a parrot. He found one that he really liked. He bought the parrot and took it home. On the way home he talked to the bird. When he got home the parrot repeated what he had said.
Kyle had just broken up with his first girlfriend. He was devastated! But his dad assured him he'd soon get over it. Indeed, within a few weeks Kyle had a crush on a new girl. He had certainly gotten over his breakup quickly!
Nancy loves to cook. She decided to try a new recipe. She followed the instructions perfectly. However, when she tasted the chicken something was missing. Nancy forgot to add the oregano.
Edwin needed a new car. He went to the dealership. The salesman wanted sell the car he liked at a certain price. Edwin negotiated with the salesman for an hour. In the end, he saved a lot of money.
Heather was concerned as she looked at her bank account. She realized that she was going to be short on money this week. Heather thought long and hard on what she could do to help. She decided that she needed to work more hours at a part time job. Heather worked more hours and therefore made extra money to help out.
Jay was making coffee that morning. He did everything right except for one thing. He was so tired that he forgot to put the carafe on the burner. Coffee went all over the counter. He cleaned it up, and decided to go to the coffee shop that morning.
Harrison needed to take his trash out of his kitchen. He grabbed the bags and walked out his front door. He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can. When he put the last bag in the can, the whole thing fell over. After the trash spilled everywhere, Harrison had to clean it up.
My wife and I had decided to visit the Florida Keys in January. Christmas took us totally by surprise. We could give gifts or take vacation. We finally decided to give gifts. There is always next year.
My big projects never seemed to get anywhere. I would get discouraged at their size and give up. Now I break up big projects into many small goals. But now I fear I may be going too far in the other direction. Finishing one small goal gives me so much satisfaction that I quit.
Bob was playing darts with his friends. When it was his turn, he accidentally hit his friend with a dart. The dart landed directly into his friend's arm. Bob carefully pulled out the dart afterwards. Bob was able to find a bandage for his friend's arm.
Bastion was a lonely man that wanted nothing but seclusion. He moved away to a distant land and lived in a cabin among trees. He rarely came out except to hunt for food and materials. He decided he was tired of this life he lived and he made for the city. While in the city he found a wife and wondered why he was a hermit.
As a little girl, Linda loved tulips. Whenever she saw some, she had to pick them. She worked for a florist in high school. She delivered flowers all around town. Today, she owns a prize winning two acre tulip garden.
Lisa was looking forward to her birthday party. It was going to be at her big new house. But after the party was over, her house was a mess. And she ended up cleaning until the next morning. And she forgot all about the great party she had.
Earnest was always daydreaming about acting. He was totally in love with movies. Earnest wasn't really going anywhere in life. He decided he was going to give acting a shot. He packed his bags and headed for The city of Angels.
The man took out the trash. The dumpster was full. He tried to pack down the dumpster. He poured his garbage on top. He could barely get the lid closed.
My wife got a new iPhone. Our son transferred the music purchased on itunes. Unfortunately that was only half of her music. We are now trying to upload her non itunes music. Then we can download the music.
Today was the first day of Matt's diet. He went almost all day without eating. He only ate something small in the morning. He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling. He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him.
Lindsey took out a knife and carved her name into the tree. A park ranger came by and said that would kill the tree. Lindsey felt terrible and kissed the tree. She then bought a little sapling and planted it beside the large tree. Years later, Lindsey returned and the sapling had grown into a tree.
Terrell was a great chef. He made some soup for his girlfriend. She had been sick but the soup made her feel better. She told Terrell to write down the recipe for her. She planned on making it again, it was so delicious!
Carl went to the store to buy eggs. On the way home he dropped the carton. All of the eggs broke. Carl had to go back to the store to get more. He did so unhappily.
Randy wanted to be in a band. He auditioned, but he was nervous. He could not play any instruments. Then they asked him to sing, and they loved his voice. Randy got to join the band as a singer!
Maria owned a popular Italian restaurant, known for its red sauce. Maria told everyone the sauce was a family secret. Maria turned ninety and decided to close down the restaurant. She passed the secret red sauce recipe to her granddaughter, Rosa. Rosa sold the recipe to Prego, making a fortune.
One time my cousins and I were playing at my grandparents. One of my cousins thought it would be funny to bind himself to a tree. He put rope around his ankles, attached it to the tree and let go. He was quickly stuck and we ran for help. Eventually he came down but only after Grandma loosened the knot.
Tom wanted to propose to his girlfriend Stacey. He took her to her favorite Italian restaurant yesterday. During their meal they were very happy and flirtatious. To Stacy's surprise, Tom got down on one knee and proposed. Stacey was in shock and started crying happy tears.
Jane was too tired to do the laundry. So she asked her boyfriend to do it. He reluctantly agreed. The next day she realized all the clothes he washed were now pink. She vowed never to let him do laundry again.
Joni's class is leaving for Paris in the morning. She is very excited and can't wait to get there. Overnight, a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning. The flight to Paris has been cancelled. Joni is very disappointed.
Anne decided to cut out carbs from her diet. At first it was very hard. But she exercised her willpower. Soon her cravings got fewer and milder. After a few weeks she did not even miss carbs at all!
Jean felt that astronomy was her calling. She loved looking up at the stars every night. She had a telescope that her parents gave her. In school, astronomy was all math and physics. Jean felt that astronomy was more romantic than that.
I had a big paper due last week. It was supposed to be fifteen pages long. I didn't start working on it until a few days before it was due. That was a big mistake. I had to stay up all night to get it done.
I was writing a huge essay for school. This was a 8,000 word essay about my research. I was almost done typing it all out. However, my computer crashed and I had to restart it. All my hard work was gone and I ended up failing that semester.
Susie was driving with her best friend. It was late at night. All of the sudden they were sideswiped. The passenger's side was hit. Susie and her friend were okay but ended checkups.
Charles was driving his limousine at work last week. He was given a ride from his boss that was across town. After arriving at the house an hour later he tried to call the guest. The guest told Charles that the trip was actually not until tomorrow. Charles had to drive all the way back into town empty handed.
I had a feeling the Dallas Cowboys would win the Super Bowl. I went to Las Vegas so I could bet on them having a winning season. Everyone laughed and told me I was crazy. I didn't see the news that day and I guess they all did. Tony Romo, the quarterback, broke his neck and is out for the season.
Jerry was an award winning guitar player. He had an important performance tonight. He got on stage and rocked the crowed. All of a sudden, his guitar string broke in the middle of his set. Jerry continued playing the show with a replacement guitar.
Sara wanted to get her trees trimmed. She made an appointment with the tree company. Before they came there was a large storm. Part of an old tree fell on Sara's house! Sara wished she made an appointment sooner.
Roy lost his job. He was having trouble getting hired. Roy's girlfriend asked for more hours on her job. His girlfriend helped pay their bills until he got a job. Roy's girlfriend stopped working as many hours when he got hired.
Mary wanted to be the lead in her school's production of Swan Lake. Tryouts were two weeks away. She asked her dance teacher for extra lessons. She practiced for three hours a night, and all day on the weekends. She aced the audition and got the lead role.
The tired pilgrims made their way across the great desert. They had been walking for hundreds of miles. A trumpet sounded as the scout rapidly made his way to the leader. He had found enough water for everyone and it was very close. The group would not perish from thirst after all.
I had a dog named Chelsea. She started to get older. And I was getting faster. We used to run together. One day she kept sitting down during the run.
The class bully told Tina to let him copy her test. Tina was afraid of him. She had no choice but to agree. But after the test, she told the teacher what had happened. The teacher believed Tina and gave the bully a zero on the test.
Ursula wanted to bake a cake for her colleagues at work. She prepared to do so early in the morning before leaving for work. But as she looked for ingredients, she saw she missed baking powder. So she made cookies instead. Her colleagues, unaware of the change, were delighted nonetheless.
Hank has been a diabetic his whole life. Hank does not always take care of this by taking his medicine. Hank's blood sugar spikes or drops without medicine. When Hank's blood sugar does this, he becomes very irritable. Therefore, it is important for him to be consistent with his care.
My wife has an account at TD Bank. One day she found out the bank was no longer counting coins. She was mad as she has a can of coins. Last week she found one of her other banks installed coin counters. She is closing out her TD bank account.
Danny ate cheese pizza. The cheese pizza made him sick. He spent the rest of the day in the bathroom. Danny was now afraid to eat cheese. He decided to become vegan to avoid getting sick.
I was driving down the road on Halloween night. Out of the corner of my eye something dashed out into my car. It hit my front right wheel. I stopped to see what it was. To my terror I saw a cat flopping around trying to get away.
I called my landlord today. I told him that I would be late on rent. My landlord stated pay it as soon as I can. I told him it would be when my tax check came. He told me that was fine.
Chris was very sick but had an assignment due soon. He needed to take medication. The medication always made him sleep. Chris decided not to take the medication. He finished his assignment but was bedridden for a whole week.
Kim moved into a new apartment. She kept hearing scary sounds. She was scared it might be a ghost or something scary. One day she followed the sounds to an old pipe. A plumber fixed the problem and the sounds went away.
Zsa Zsa and Mark were in bed on Sunday morning. They were having a contest to see who could be lazier. Mark agreed to make breakfast, so Zsa Zsa was winning. However, there was no milk to make pancakes. Zsa Zsa was voluntold to go to the store to get milk.
Richard was excited about virtual reality. He wanted it to come out so bad. When he heard about the oculus rift pre orders he wanted it. He logged in the site to find it was 600$ to preorder it He never was able to buy the virtual reality gear.
It was Max's first day of kindergarten. He was nervous to be away from home for the first time. But he tried to be brave as he entered the classroom. There, his new teacher was kind and helpful to him all day! At the end of the day, Max already loved kindergarten!
One day in 1993 i played chess with Mike. I had not played in years and had no strategy. Mike lost his queen early on a careless move. I was happy, but still unable to do much. I finally lost my queen, and the game.
Miguel was planning on playing guitar at an open mic. He heard from a friend that a music producer would be there. It was an amazing opportunity to have his music heard by a pro. Miguel tried to contain his nerves throughout his performance. When it was over, the producer approached him to compliment him.
Finally having a day off was a relief to Janeal. She had big plans to do nothing. She plopped down in front of the tv with some snacks. After searching for a show for a few minutes, she put on her favorite. Janel began binge-watching with the ease of no responsibilities.
Ann had spent hours addressing her wedding invitations. Now she was almost through with stuffing and sealing the envelopes. Suddenly something on one of the invitations caught her eye. When she saw a typo on the invitation, Ann broke down in tears! Ann sobbed as she realized how much time and money had been lost.
Christa was a pilates teacher. She had a new student approach her. She asked if she could join the class. Christa said she could. The new student was pleased to be able to join.
Anne's dad gave her a little tree in a pot. She loved her tiny tree. She planted it in the back yard. Every year it grew taller. In ten Years the tree was taller than Anne was!
Billy was going crabbing with his dad. His dad was very good at crabbing. They got to the dock and put out their bait. They waited a while then began catching them. Billy and his dad caught many that day and were very happy.
My wife just enjoyed her first week of retirement. She has been working for 35 years. She worked at the last job for 18 years. Today her boss sent a text. She said she missed my wife.
The Bills were getting ready to start the season. But then they heard the bad news. One of their best players got suspended. He failed to take a drug test. So he got suspended 4 games.
Frank ordered the biggest milkshake on the menu. He couldn't wait until his food got there and started drinking. He was so stuffed he couldn't even touch his burger. He licked the bottom of the glass. What a delicious treat it had been!
Jared had been dating his girlfriend for two years. One night she went out with friends. When she came home she told him that she had cheated on him. Jared was crushed and feeling a bunch of different emotions. Jared was so upset that he broke up with her.
Angela had a birthday party coming up. She wanted to make bracelets at her party. Her mom took her to the neighbor's house to pick out beads. Angela was excited and chose a wide selection of styles. She was all ready to host her party.
Jose began learning the trumpet in 4th grade. He was not very good and many people made fun of him. Then, Jose practiced for two hours every single day. After two years, he was the best player in the school. Now no one makes fun of Jose for playing the trumpet.
One summer i learned to play Hacky Sack. I could only bounce the sack a couple times. I got a few people out. It was a very difficult game. I spent a couple hours playing in one week alone.
Mike had a big meeting to attend in the morning. Rushing to get to work, he inadvertently caused an accident. Stepping out of his car, he was both scared and shocked. To his surprise, the other driver was not angry. The damage was minor, so after a bit of discussion, he continued on.
Danny tried to make his dog pee outside. As the dog was walking, it didn't stop anywhere. On the other hand, it ended up peeing inside Danny's house. The couch was soaked with urine. Danny tried to clean the couch with several chemical agents.
The kitchen was old and ugly and boring. Melissa did not have the money for a new remodel. She decided to paint the cabinets purple and the walls green. She tiled the backsplash in purple and green ceramic tiles. Stainless appliances completed the look for less than a new kitchen.
Lynn was having a lot of trouble with her internet service. For weeks she kept having to call technical support off and on. After many technician visits they seem to of found the problem. It turned out that her roku was soaking up all the bandwidth. For now Lynn doesn't use the roku and just uses her other devices.
Emily loved gymnastics. She practiced a lot at it. She tried out for the team. The team loved her tryout. She was welcomed in.
Mallory decided to go to a food truck festival with friends. When Mallory got there she saw only two trucks. Sadly neither of the trucks had anything they wanted. So Mallory and her friends left the disappointing festival. They had a delicious dinner at the local pizzeria instead.
Kendall had a big party one Friday night. Everyone told their friends about the party. Teens for everyone were at Kendall's house. The police soon started getting noise complaints from the neighbors. The police broke up Kendall's big party.
Louis had been divorced for five months. He hadn't seen his wife since the divorce. He ran into her at the grocery store and was furious. She was six months pregnant. Louis realized his ex was having an affair on him.
Isabelle was very proud of her long hair. She took good care of them until she slept on the grass on her lawn. When she woke up, she realized her hair was full of chewing gum. She cried and went to her mom. Her mom cut all of her hair until it was short to the ears.
One day fred was sitting at home. He was watching tv. He hears the doorbell ring. He slowly gets up and opens the door. Nothing is there but a package.
Sean and Sara had just gone on a date. They were both nervous as they said goodbye. Suddenly, Sean leaned over and hugged Sara. Sara was caught off guard and didn't  know what to say. Before she could react, he walked away.
There was was a man named John. He loved to dance all day long. He taught dance across the east. They loved him in the west. It was all dedication that made his rhythm strong.
Tod saved up money to start a small business. He decided to open a small banana stand and then bought the supplies. Tod set up shop in the city and then began to work hard for Years. One day a fierce storm washed away Tod's shop, leaving him broke. Tod was heartbroken and suffered from depression until he died.
Tom's mom bought him clothes for christmas. He liked most of them. Unfortunately a couple of items didn't fit. Tom's mom kept a gift receipt. He was able to exchange them for the right size.
Dan was not very good at Math. He had always struggled with it. He was surprised when his sister asked him one day for help. He agreed to help her, and looked over her math homework. It was easy for him, and he felt much better about his math skills.
Steph felt lonely living in her apartment by herself. One day, she heard a cat meowing from outside her window. Steph found a kitten alone outside. Steph brought the kitten to the vet and found out it was healthy. Steph adopted the kitten and now doesn't feel lonely anymore.
Gina had been trying to like the 2nd song on a single she bought. It was from an artist she liked. But the song just wasn't her style. She finally gave up and played the other song on the CD. Gina realized she may not want to buy a whole album from this artist.
Genevieve decided that she wanted a milkshake at Denny's. She begged and pleaded with me to order one for her. I finally gave in and ordered the milkshake. When it arrived she took one drink then decided she did not want it. That is the last milkshake I will order for Genevieve.
Tony had a pet turkey in his backyard. Tony would always feed his turkey and spend time with it. Tony loved his turkey but was very short on money. It was near the holidays and Tony decided to sell his turkey. Tony felt bad for selling his friend to be eaten for money.
Kim was a clumsy girl. She slipped on a banana peel. She hurt her head. She got stitches at the doctors. Kim was much more careful after that.
Ray was going to surprise his girlfriend with a nice dinner. He prepared and cooked a lot of food. Before he was done he heard loud knocking on the door. It was the fire department. They thought the smoke from his food was a fire.
Julie wanted to run her own business. She took several classes on business and decided to open an Inn. She scouted out the perfect location and purchased it. Julie spent several months fixing up the Inn. Julie was very proud of herself on opening day.
John was making dinner. He decided to make a hamburger. He was distracted by the TV show he was watching. He cooked the hamburger too much. John threw the hamburger away and ordered a pizza.
My mom asked me to borrow $500. I decided to lend it to her. The next day, she told me that she lost it. As mad as I was, I walked into my mom. I didn't talk to her and decided to go to sleep.
When I was pregnant, I always had strong cravings. Even though I was vegetarian, I really wanted some chicken. Specifically, I wanted a chicken sandwich from Wendy's. In my 8th month, I caved and bought the sandwich. The next day, I went into early labor.
The highway was backed up for miles and no car moved. Everyone was in a hurry to get out of the city before the event. People began to leave their cars and run down the roads. The next day all of the cars were empty and the people were gone. The event happened in the city and no one was there to see it.
It was Sara's birthday. Sara's friends bought her a chocolate creme cake! Nobody knew Sara was allergic to chocolate. Sara ate a slice of the cake. She got very sick and threw up.
Kia went to the beach with her friends. She had a great time, but forgot sunscreen! When she got home, she saw that she had a sunburn. She applied lotion, but it still hurt. Kia's sunburn was sore for over a week!
Paula did not like the dark cabinets in her kitchen. One day she spilled pancake batter on the cabinets. The white mess looked almost like paint. Paula cleaned up the mess and got an idea. She painted her cabinets a lighter color and liked them more.
I was cleaning nonstop. I couldn't seem to get anything clean enough. I went out and bought some cleaning supplies when I ran out. I went back home and started power washing the exterior. When I was done, the sun was going down.
Ray went out back with a telescope one night. He lay on the back lawn and settled comfortably. Then he started gazing up at the stars. He identified a dozen constellations! Ray was proud of his stargazing aptitude.
Wanting to be generous, I donated to a charitable organization. I wrote a big check thinking that it would go to a good cause. A few months later, I discovered that the money had been embezzled. I was terribly upset at the situation as I felt cheated. I decided never to donate money again.
Allie had a birthday. She took them to the casino. When they got there they had some fun. Her friend won something. It was a productive day.
A young boy was bored at the grocery store with his mom. He decided to hide from his mom to spice things up. He hid on the bottom shelf behind a stack of paper towels. His mom freaked out and looked all over the store for him. When she finally found him, she grounded him for a month.
One morning I tried to work. My keyboard has stopped working. I purchased a new keyboard. The new one had an led that showed battery power. Now the battery notifies me before it dies.
Todd had always wanted to ride his bike without training wheels. Every time he asked his father, he said Todd wasn't ready yet. Todd knew he could despite what his father said. Todd took off his training wheels when his father was not around. His father looked outside the window to see Todd riding on two wheels.
We went to a nearby resort to try out their zip lining. It was pretty intense and you had to climb up into these trees. When you would get to one tree, you had to then swing to another. It was something very unique and special. I can't wait until we can go again.
Edward loved astronomy. His girlfriend surprised him with a new telescope. Edward printed out star maps to find his favorite constellations. He showed his girlfriend Mars and Saturn. They spent many nights looking at the sky.
Sam had really bad pain in his wrists. He was developing carpal tunnel syndrome from his computer use. Sam purchased a trackball style mouse and wrist-rest for his keyboard. He also stopped slouching over in his chair. The pain in his wrists eventually went away with his improved habits.
Jessey met a new girl at a concert he was throwing. They really hit it off so they started talking. Last Saturday, Jessey saw her at another club with another guy. He confronted the guy, but it turns out it was her brother. He felt like a fool for confronting the man and apologized.
I refused to admit I had needs. He said he knew I was blocking him out. I sat down in tears, hurting horribly. I expressed that my heart was broken. He nodded and said so was his.
Ike got a hit and won the game. Ike came to home plate with fire in his eyes. He missed two strike balls. Ike got a hit on the third pitch and drove two runners home. We won the game five to three.
Yolanda wanted a new sweatshirt. She begged her mom for one. Her mom said no. Yolanda then went and bought it herself. It felt good to buy it with her own money.
Emily worked late nights at the local McDonalds. She liked to experiment with the food she served. Sometimes she gave people 1 extra pickle and see if they noticed. Usually they did not. About one if a hundred people got really excited over it.
Garth was starving. He just finished up a recording session in Nashville. Garth bickered back and forth with his friends. Garth decided he was going to have pizza. He ordered the pizza and waited for it to arrive.
I was a fan of the FXFL. This is an acronym for the Fall Experimental Football League. I was a fan of the Boston Brawlers. They played in Harvard Stadium. Sadly, the FXFL went of business this year.
Andy loved street racing. So he joined a local street racing group. They gathered at 2AM and started racing. But they were quickly seen by the cops. Andy split up with them and made it home safely.
Sally had been riding her bike with training wheels. She was scared to take them off permanently. After falling off once, she was scared to try again. One day, Sally noticed none of her friends had them on. She decided to go for it and rode around without them.
Jane bought an old house. She was excited to start renovations. However, she had to figure out where to start. Jane hired a contractor to help her. She could not wait to see the end product.
Angelo was at the arcade playing games. Then he saw a wallet left on top of a video game machine! Angelo hurriedly looked for the owner's name. He managed to find a name and contact the owner. The owner was so happy to have the wallet back, he nearly cried!
Howard knew he was going to go drinking. He went to a store and bought some shot glasses. He needed to be able to count how much he drinks. He got drunk and lost count. In the end, it did not matter if he bought the glasses.
Joey's mom was driving through Indiana. She saw a billboard advertising fireworks. She bought some for her son in Illinois. Joey and his friends set off bottle rockets in his yard. The boys has a lot of fun.
The candy cane salesman was tired to selling just canes. This year he rolled our new shapes like rings, pretzels and zigzags. The only shape that sold well were the zigzags. He felt like he really shook up the candy world. The next year he tried even more designs.
Madelyn woke up one morning in a haze. She tried to remember what happened the night before. Madelyn realized she was naked in a house that wasn't hers. As she was about to leave, she noticed the man next to her. He was the hottest man she'd ever seen so she got back in bed.
Thomas worked on the railroad. He worked for weeks at a time. He decided to take a break, and see his son Amos. He told his son that he'd been working on the railroad. He told his dad that his new name was Thomas Train.
David's family couldn't afford to send him to college. Luckily, a friend of his dad's said he could intern for him. The man ran a small newspaper, and he trained David to be a reporter. David lived at the man's house while he was learning the business. The man had a daughter around David's age, and they fell in love.
Ben lives in Australia. His mother lives in the USA. The phone costs too much for them to talk much. So Ben got his mother a computer. Now they talk over Skype once a week.
Shirley bought a new yellow dress for her daughter's wedding. The mother of the groom, Annie, also bought a yellow dress. Shirley was angry and thought that was inappropriate. At the reception Shirley ordered a large glass of red wine. Unfortunately it spilled all over Annie's dress!
He looked down at her lovingly. He held her face in his hands gently. He sang the words to the song and said they always reminded him of her. He whispered his love for her, making her smile. She agreed that the song fit them perfectly.
Bill rode bulls for a living. His wild nature brought him to the top of his game. Bill rode the wildest of bulls and became famous. Others took special interest and loved his talent. Now Bill's name is attached in the Bull Riding Hall of Fame.
Trina was awoken by her small dog sitting on her chest. Her dog was whimpering and nervously padding it's paws. Trina knew what her dog wanted. It had to use the restroom. Trina got out of bed at three in the morning to take her dog outside.
Brian wanted to attend a jazz performance. He found the hippest club in town. He gathered some friends and attended it. The crowd was too mellow for Brian's enthusiasm. Brian organized his own, more swinging jazz event.
Florence went to Library one afternoon. As she was reading she over hears her name. Florence looks around frantically. She hears her name again. There happened to be another Florence in the Library.
Gina was wandering the hallways. She was outside of the gym and decided to look in. There was a class climbing the ropes. Gina wanted to join them. But she realized she had better get along to her destination.
Two men made a wager over a game of darts. To make things interesting, they decided to play blindfolded. This proved to be unwise. On the third dart thrown, the shot went wild and hit a passerby. The wager was called off, though this did not mollify the victim.
Jane was a habitual smoker. One night she fell asleep with her cigarette in her finger. The cigarette fell and caught the curtains on fire. Jane died of smoke inhalation. Her house fire damaged two other houses in the neighborhood.
Tim hated the smell of incense. His roommate was an old hippy that loved it. Tim would ask that he not light it. The hippy would often forget and light some anyway. Tim didn't care enough to get into a fight over it.
John wanted to have a cake. He heard that Paul made the best cake in the world. John bought one of Paul's cakes. He was very proud of it. He was so proud to own it that he refused eat it.
I went to the mall to buy some gifts for a friend. As I walked past the suit store, a display caught my eye. I went into the store and demanded to try it on. The suit fit very well. I bought the suit and wore it for the rest of the day.
Karyn went to donate blood at the Red Cross. Her rate was too low the technician explained. He asked about her exercise level. She explained that she was an avid runner. The technician allowed her to donate blood.
Joe wanted to throw a birthday party for himself. Joe wrote a list of all the supplies he would need for the party. Joe contacted all of his friends and invited them to his party. Joe went out and purchased all of the supplies he would need. Joe had a great birthday party with all of his friends.
Tricia was working on a project with Tina. But Tricia was getting mad. Tina was not pulling her weight. Tricia was doing it all on her own. She had to tell the teacher about it.
Kim bought a new dress for school. She was excited to wear it. When she got to school she was sent to the office. Her dress was measured for length. Kim was sent home for her dress being one inch too short.
Paul had bought a new watch. The watch didn't work. He brought the watch back to the store. The store exchanged his watch. Paul made sure this watch worked before he left.
I was playing football with friends. I twisted my knee. I thought it would never go back to normal. I decided to try physical therapy. After A month I could play like normal.
Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down. He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground. The ground shook and shuddered before suddenly stopping. To his amazement, he watched as a deer slowly walked by in the lull. When the barrage restarted, he found that he was no longer in despair.
Timmy came home after school. He walked in his room to feed his fish. Timmy noticed his fish was upside down. Timmy called for his Mom. His Mom informed Timmy that the fish had died.
I put perfume on this morning. It smelled very strong. When I got to school people were coughing. My teacher said go wash it off. I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom.
Megan is sad she has to move. She is moving to another city far away from her friends. She tells her friends how much she is gonna miss them. She says her goodbyes and leaves. Megan moves away and never comes back.
Liza is getting married two months from now. She is so in loved with her fiance. But something is bothering her. She thinks they might not be ready to get married. But despite of those confusions she decided to attend her wedding day.
Every Autumn Jane loved to watch the leaves change color. One year the leaves were especially beautiful. Jane wanted to marry her fiance among the trees that season. But, he was deployed in Iraq. When he came home the next year the trees were already bare.
Jerry was asked to watch his neighbor's dog. She was very pretty and he thought it could get him on her good side. So of course he said yes. Within minutes his home was destroyed. He let  the dog run away and never talked to her again.
For her birthday, Marie's mother promised her a kitten. At the pet store, Marie fell in love with a tiny orange male kitten. Her mother wanted one of the females instead, but Marie insisted. On the way to the register, the orange kitten scratched her badly. Marie decided to listen to her mother this time.
I had been craving chocolate for days. After almost a week, I gave in. I found some halloween candy. I unwrapped three pieces, savoring each one. I refused to feel guilty about my indulgence.
Gabe broke his knee. Gabe could not play the following soccer matches. Gabe went to therapy. Gabe finally healed his knee. Gabe came back in time to play with his team for the championship.
Rhonda wanted to bake some cookies. She looked up a recipe online. She gathered the ingredients and started to bake. She bit into a cookie and spit it back out. Rhonda forgot to put sugar in her cookies.
When Jack was young he wanted to be a bonsai master. When he was 18 he moved to Japan to pursue his dream. He studied under bonsai masters from Asia and Europe. When he came home he used his new knowledge to start a bonsai nursery. He is extremely happy now, surrounded by bonsai everyday.
Henry lived under a staircase. he lived with his uncle, who doesn't care for him. He later on received a letter. The better gave him full scholarship to a school He took it with a heartbeat
My wife was nearly due, we were ready to meet our son. We tried everything to induce labor ourselves. We walked, jumped, laughed. After what felt like forever, it was time and we drove to hospital. William was born at 9 pounds 2 ounces.
I invited my friends over to make pizzas. When they came over we started making them. We got the ingredients and put them in the oven. After a while we smelled smoke. We realized we burnt the pizzas.
I once found a freezing kitten outside my house. We brought him inside and fed him, gaining his trust. We kept him for a while and I'd play with him after school. Nonetheless my mom couldn't stand his constant meowing when I was away. She eventually sent him off to the shelter much to my dismay.
Tommy liked to play around everywhere. His mother told him to not play near the well. The well looked fun. So Tommy played near it. He ended up falling in it.
John was sick. He stayed home from school. His mother made his chicken noodle soup. John loved the soup. He started to feel better the same day.
Kyra owned a farm in the desert. It hadn't rained in months and her crops were failing. Then the weather man delivered wonderful news. Kyra's town was in for a week of solid rainstorms! Kyra's crops grew tall and strong from all that rain!
Chase had all of his school notes on his tablet. On his way to class one day he dropped it down some stairs. The tablet was shattered. Chase had to go a replacement tablet from the bookstore. Luckily he had backed everything up and he did not lose anything.
Claire never wanted to clean her dirty dishes. Her dirty dishes were piled up in the sink. She noticed that she no longer had any clean dishes available to use. Claire decided it was time to clean her dirty dishes. Claire spent hours cleaning them and now she had clean dishes again.
Charles' mother taught her son to carry a pre-paid cell phone. As a job seeker, Charles put his cell phone number on applications. He needed a real cell phone, but kept up with his pre-paid cell phone. One afternoon he was in a phone interview with Apple Computers. He ran out of minutes and never reached Apple's hiring manager again.
Jenny was having a bad day. Jenny accidentally brought her customer the wrong drink at dinner. The customer threw the drink in her face. She hit the customer in retaliation. Jenny got fired from her job the next day.
Tim has never cooked for his family. He was nervous, but decided to follow an old family recipe. His grandma used to tell him anybody could make this good. He made the whole meal for his family in one hour. They all loved it and said that Tim is a pro!
Erin's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game. As a result, the teams were forced to play again. This time Erin's team won. They each got gold trophies. Erin and her team cheered.
Today was my Birthday. I woke up from my bed and decided to make breakfast. Afterwards, I heard several knocks on the doors. I got up from my seat and walked towards the door. When I opened the door, some of my family were in the front.
Tom was trying to sleep in. The neighbors were mowing their lawn. It was loud and kept waking Tom up. Tom thought about complaining but figured it wouldn't make sense. He just tried harder to fall back asleep.
A rotten attitude is a bad thing to have. My daughter woke up with a bad one this morning. She cried for about ten minutes. I told her I had a surprise for her. Only then did she calm down and listen to me.
There was a storm near Kathy's home. Many shingles got blown off of her roof. Kathy got an estimate to fix her roof. The estimates were more than Kathy could afford. Kathy's brother offered to fix the roof.
Dan was going to play a game of dodge ball at the park. Dan decided that he needed to wear a hat to the park. After looking through his hat collection, Dan made a choice. Dan decided to wear his bright yellow hat to the park. Dan was glad with his decision to wear a yellow hat to the park.
Tim played his trumpet for several years. All the people in his town loved to hear Tim play. Tim's longtime teacher became sick, and needed money for medical help. Tim came up with a marvelous idea. Tim played a charity music event, and donated funds to his teacher.
The vehicle drove over a car bomb. The bomb exploded. The vehicle flipped over. A man got trapped in the vehicle. It took a team to extract him.
Maya was a notorious procrastinator. She put off a project for science class for way too long. She found herself the night before scrambling to finish it up. She put the final touches on it as she was called to present it. For all her effort she made an A anyway.
The man walked down the tracks. He heard a train coming. He Got off the tracks. The train passed him. The conductor yelled at the man to stay off the tracks.
Lars was drinking water. He thought it tasted very strange. He looked at the bottom of his bottle. Green algae was growing at the bottom. Lars spit out the water and went to wash the bottle.
She started to dance, but there was work to do and so she stopped. She picked up the pen and paper instead. Since her body couldn't dance, she made the pen dance on the paper. Her body, refusing to hold still, started to sway in time with the pen. Smiling, she marveled at her creation and began to draw in earnest.
Bella went to the store with her mom. She sat in the cart while they shopped. Bella was patient and well-behaved the entire time. Her mother decided she deserved to be rewarded for her behavior. Bella was surprised with a new doll.
The men worked very hard. They went into the coal mine every day. When they finished with their shift, they were covered in dirt. They came up and showered and ate. Then they went back down in the morning.
I went to a wedding last weekend. The bride is my cousin. She wore a beautiful, long, white gown. The ceremony was perfect. The couple looked so happy together.
One day Adam wanted to take anger out on a date. He figured he should call her and tell her. He called her and told her to get ready. Angel wore a beautiful blue dress. Adam told Angel she looked very lovely.
Will was getting tired of his job. Will sent out his resume to several local tech companies. Will made calls to inquire about openings at those companies. Will finally landed an interview. Will aced the interview, snagging the job!
Any was feeling lonely. She by herself in a small apartment. Anne decided to adopt a cat. She visited her local animal shelter. Anne adopted a Persian cat.
Kenny was walking home. Kenny sees a woman trapped in a burning house. He runs inside to rescue her. Kenny helps the lady to safety. Kenny rescues the lady from the burning house.
Keith was visiting his parents' graves. The flowers he had placed there were missing. Keith looked around. He saw the flowers lying in the dirt a few feet away. Keith placed the flowers back in the vase.
Tom had a big fight coming up. He figured it would be pretty easy to win. Tom didn't bother training much. The day of the fight Tom won easily. He was right about his opponent.
Jasmine woke up today and started to get ready for school. She took the shuttle to the campus. As soon as she came inside of the classroom, the teacher saw her. He gave her the exam. She finished the exam, got out of class, and decided to rest all day.
Ted is excited for the summer months. There are ten different movies coming out that Ted wants to see. His girlfriend only wants to see about three of them. Ted can't find anyone else to go see the other movies with. Ted will be going to the movies alone a lot this summer.
Jim went to his friends house. And he stayed there for a few days. When Jim was driving back home, he felt something was wrong. When he entered his room, he found his TV missing. Jim remembered that he left his window unlocked.
Larry wanted to add spark to his relationship. He took his girlfriend to a porn expo. She was amazed, interested and enthralled by everything. He thought this would bring them closer, but she had other plans. She left him and began her career as a pornstar.
I looked out my window and saw what I thought to be a star. The dot of light was a funny color so I decided to investigate. I got out my telescope from the garage and set it up. When I pointed at the star I saw it for what it was. The so-called star was really a comet.
Beth was on her high school soccer team. She wanted to work on her striking. She hired a coach to help with her footwork. She began slowly improving. She eventually became the best player on the team.
A man called out to a fish in a pond. He asked it for directions. This proved futile. Fish neither speak nor understand speech. Undeterred, he turned his attention to a passing goose.
Sloan found some strawberries in the refrigerator. He knew they weren't his. He didn't care and ate them anyway. When his roommate asked everyone who ate them he stayed quiet. Everyone knew it was him but nobody confronted him about it.
Tina wanted to lose 40 pounds before summer. In early spring, she started a diet and tried to stick to it. Some days were easy, but others weren't, and Tina cheated a bit. By summer, she had lost 20 pounds. She decided to celebrate anyways - 20 pounds was a lot!
Eve decided to paint the parlor. She was sick of white walls! She went and bought a baby blue color paint. Then she painted every wall in the parlor. Eve loved her new blue parlor!
It was midnight. And Erin needed to take out the trash. She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin. When she opened it, a cat jumped out. Erin decided to never take out the trash at night again.
I was walking down the street with my phone. Suddenly, I tripped and dropped the phone. The phone shattered into many pieces. I started to cry because I had no money. Fortunately, I found a winning lottery ticket on the ground nearby.
The man believed in god. Something very bad happened. He blamed god. He gave an angry prayer to god. He believed that prayer was answered.
Amanda wrote an action/adventure play. She asked all of her friends to help her produce it. They built sets for all the different scenes. They practiced their lines. On opening night the play was a great success making Amanda happy.
A man flipped a coin one hundred times. It came up heads each and every time. The man concluded that the coin was rigged. He beat another man a lot of money on a coin toss. To his chagrin, the earlier results had been nothing more than chance.
Tom was driving around. It started to rain as he headed home. His car broke down. Tom didn't want to work on it in the rain. He called a friend to pick him up instead.
Jason decided it was time for a snack. He didn't wait for dad. He went to get a bag of pretzels. He picked it up by the wrong end. His dad followed a trail of pretzels to find him eating the le.
Dan got a new knife. It was sharper than he expected. He was trying to clean it. Dan sliced his finger open without knowing. He had to get a band aid.
Cathy was not well liked by the other kids at her school. At recess she always played alone. Her teacher couldn't figure out why because Cathy was very friendly. Then one day she decided to ask Cathy about it. Cathy told her it was because her mother was Wiccan.
Joe woke up one morning with a craving for pancakes. He walked into the kitchen to grab a large bowl. He poured in the pancake mix with milk into the large bowl. He stirred the batter and poured it onto a hot skillet. A while later, Joe ate the pancakes he made for breakfast.
John was enjoying playing baseball. He was a center fielder. The hitter hit the ball towards John. John couldn't see the ball in the sun. He put his glove up and squeezed and got the ball.
It was Halloween night. Tricia was handing out candy. All the sudden lightening struck. Tricia lost her power. She was beyond frightened.
I had the most annoying conference call today. I called in and heard someone. I heard nothing for 15 minutes. I asked if the conference had started and was told people were talking I had to hang up.
Jimmy was called for a job interview. Jimmy dressed up in his best clothes. Jimmy did a wonderful job at the interview. Jimmy got the job! Jimmy was happy and secure with his new job.
Rick and Mary wondered what smelled so good when they awoke. They went to the kitchen to find their mother making pies. Their mother was making apple pies which was their favorite. Rick and Mary waited anxiously for the pies to finish. They both enjoyed a large piece of apple pie for dessert.
The popcorn machine was old fashioned. It looked like it had come from a theater. She was excited to purchase it for the kids. She took it home and put it in the movie room. They made a huge batch of popcorn that night.
The man thawed a steak. The steak didn't smell very good. He asked his wife about the steak. She didn't think it smelled. He ate the steak.
Ricky was a fantastic musician. He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him. The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley. Ricky's manager bought the guitar for Ricky. Ricky played the best concert of his life with it.
My sister in law  Vera  had an anxiety attack in September. Her older sister Ann came by to help. Ann noticed Vera's bedroom was filled with junk. Ann talked Vera into cleaning up the room. After she cleaned the room, Vera started to feel better.
Ava was sitting working on her computer. Suddenly she heard a loud buzzing right in her ear. She shrieked and jumped up. She made her mom look into her ear with a flashlight. Thankfully, there was no fly in Ava's ear.
Anna's mom wanted her to drink more fruit and veggie juice. She worried about Anna getting enough vitamins. So she devised a sneaky plan. She froze the juice into tasty popsicles for Anna to snack on. Anna enjoyed the yummy, nutritious treats on every hot summer day!
Tyler had very few pet peeves. His best friend just so happened to do everything Tyler hated. The main problem Tyler has was his friend would spit when he talked. Tyler didn't know how to tell him without hurting his feelings. He just stopped hanging out with him all together.
Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted. One of them grabbed it. The other child grabbed it too. They both tugged and tugged at the toy. The teacher told them to share and so they did.
Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class. Then a bully began picking on Gina. She now knew how the boy felt. Gina realized she should stop being mean. She realized she should also apologize to the new boy.
A fight erupted at school. My friend was in the fight. I decided to help him out. I joined the fight. I got detention for participating in the fight.
I was in Central America. There were people living almost in the jungle. We filled bags of beans and rice. We handed them out. People were glad to get them.
I lost my debit card at a gas station. The next day I asked the clerk if he saw it. He said that no one returned one. I called Chase bank to have the card canceled. Then next day at Chase Bank I was issued a new debit card.
Noah built himself a canoe. He used a fallen tree for the wood. He worked hard on it for months. Then he tested it out in the creek. To his joy, it floated like a real boat!
Johann decides he wants to make dinner. He sees that he has kale in his cupboard. He begins to cook the kale, but becomes distracted by the television. When he realizes his distraction, his kale is overcooked. Johann is disappointed that he has overcooked his kale for dinner.
Scott shivered on the couch in the living room. The temperature outside had fallen below zero. Scott forced himself up and towards the wood stove. He stuffed it with logs until it flared and would take no more. Scott quickly dived back on to the couch and under a blanket.
Mike thought he was great at hockey. He challenged Sam to a quick game. Mike didn't know that Sam was good at hockey. The game was very intense and lasted a while. Eventually, Mike ended up beating Sam at hockey.
Mary and her family checked into a vacation rental near the beach. A previous guest had left behind a bottle of insect repellent. Mary's curious 2 year old son found the bottle in the bathroom. He squirted himself in the eye. Mary spent the next 20 minutes flushing her son's eye with water.
Jones had a very big calculator. One day, he could not find his calculator. He searched everywhere but it was simply missing. Then, he realized he left it at school. Jones rushed to school and finally found his calculator.
I was walking with a friend to the restroom. She was going to the lady's room however, she needed help. Her belongings was going to drop on the ground. I went into the lady's bathroom for a minute to help her. The security guard found out and suspended me.
I weighed 214 lbs when I was 15 and had a high body fat percentage. I got into a weightlifting class at school for an easy A. Little did I know that I would love to lift weights. I spent that year working out and the summer dieting too. I dropped down to a muscular 186 lbs.
Cayla got an ipad for her 3rd birthday. She let her brother Eric play with it one day. Eric was careless and he dropped it on their tiled floors. Their mom took the ipad to the apple store to get it fixed. The worker was really nice and told her they'd fix the ipad for free.
Adam woke early and excitedly ran to his parents room. He woke up his parents and they went downstairs. The living room was decorated and many presents were on the table. Before breakfast Adam ripped into his gifts with glee. He was so happy to receive four lego sets and spy gear toys!
Tom was moving out of his apartment. He had a lot of extra things he no longer wanted. Tom invited all of his friends over to take things. Everyone was allowed anything in a specific room. Tom was able to get rid of most of what he wanted to get rid of.
Bella the rabbit was eating clover in a field of flowers. She was very happy until she noticed stormclouds in the distance. The storm was quickly approaching and Bella needed to hide. Bella dashed across the field as fast as she could. Just in the nick of time Bella reached her burrow and was safe.
We went to see the red pandas. One was still awake. He was running around happily. Everyone laughed at his funny antics. We watched them for a long while.
Alla was driving home one night. Suddenly, a deer jumped in the road. Alla swerved to avoid hitting it. Her car crashed into a thick tree trunk! Alla had to be pulled from the wreck by emergency medics.
Nick turned on the hot tub. He got in the hot tub. He fell asleep in the hot tub. He became dehydrated. He was rushed to the hospital later that night.
Xena went to the grocery store. She was shopping in the produce section, and came to the fruit. She had an idea for a dessert for that night's dinner. Xena bought two pounds of strawberries. She went home and made strawberry shortcake.
The dentist was opening a new office. It would have a beautiful lobby area. The exam rooms would also be high-tech and very nice. At the ribbon cutting ceremony, the dentist spoke. He said he was really proud to be part of the community.
Jacob finally got a day off from work yesterday. He woke up early in the morning to get a head start. He went to visit his sister for breakfast. They talked for a long time about the weather. Jacob was really glad to see his sister that day.
Timmy was a shy boy. He had a crush on a girl named Susie. He got up the courage to ask her out on a date. Susie said yes to Timmy's surprise. They went to the fair on their date where they had a great time.
Red had a big football game to play in one day. He woke up and had a big breakfast and got ready to go. He got to the game and huddled with his teammates. Red played very hard and well. They won the game when Red scored the winning touchdown!
It was the end of Tina's first semester in college. She'd had a great year but was worried about her finals. She wasn't exactly sure what to expect. She studied day and night to be prepared. After her last final of the semester she felt like she had done well.
Wally didn't have a lot of money until his next paycheck. He really wanted to go eat out with his friends, but he was broke. Wally told his friends he would join them next time. He went home and ate a sandwich and some chips. He would spend his money more carefully next paycheck.
Richard was never sick usually. One day, Richard got a horrible flu. He was in bed for 5 days, nauseous and ill. He thought he might never get better. But by the 6th day he started to feel better, and returned to school.
Shelly went for a swim in the ocean. The water was cold. Shelly was knocked over by a wave. She fell under the water but got back up. Shelly enjoyed her swim in the ocean.
I loved to play Pacman when I was younger. My grandmother gave me lots of quarters so I could play. I played every time she and I went to the laundromat. I became very good at Pacman. I held the high score for a long time.
The boy went off a jump. He came down hard. His wheel got bent. He took it to a shop. They said the wheel was ruined.
The park was doing night turtle watches during egg-laying season. Everyone gathered at the ranger's' station for a lecture on turtles. They all waited excitedly for a ranger to spot a turtle on the beach. Finally, the call came that a turtle had been located. Everyone got in their cars and raced to the spot to watch the turtle.
Alice really needed to go to the bathroom. Unfortunately she was in the middle of an important meeting. Finally she couldn't hold it and ran out. She was too embarrassed to go back. Instead she said she was sick and went to the doctor.
Greg wanted to keep his nephews busy. He decided to give them each ten dollars. He took them to a dollar store. Greg told them they could get any ten items they wanted. His nephews were busy shopping and then playing.
My cat was so funny today. She got a new toy from my mom. It was filled with catnip. She played with it for hours. It was a great present for her.
There was a storm near Stan's home. He suddenly heard a crash outside. A limb had fallen on his roof. The next day, Stan was able to investigate. Luckily, the limb hadn't caused any damage.
Molly had been working at the same job for years. She worked hard and was well respected. Molly wanted a raise but was anxious about asking for one. One day, she gathered the courage to ask her boss for a raise. She got her raise, and was happy and self-assured.
Harry went to a restaurant to see his favorite waitress. Harry always asked for the same order from her. This time, however, he asked her on a date. This date would lead to a relationship. They got married.
Gavin was excited about taking a girl to the dance at school. He was in the middle of getting ready when he got a call. The dance had been cancelled due to an electrical issue. Gavin was so sad to be losing his plans for the night. Luckily, his date came over to watch movies instead.
We have a chicken named Lady. She is a beautiful gray bird. We can always tell when she is ready to lay an egg. She runs around the yard making a horrible racket. We are always glad when she finally lays her egg!
Nancy's birthday party is today. She got together with her family to discuss her plans. Steven proposed a Batman theme party. When Nancy immediately refused, he became mad. In addition, he didn't bother coming to the party.
Trevor needed to come up with an idea for a science project. He could include things like sociology, according to his teacher. He and his friends were all big fans of Star Trek. He decided to interview them, as well as Star Wars fan, about hobbies. He then compared them, and got to do his project with his friends.
Hannah was making a cake for her mom's birthday. She accidently put baking powder instead of flour. The cake overflowed in the oven and made a mess. Hannah didn't know what to do, so she decided to make cookies instead. Hannah's loved the cookies.
Carly was diagnosed with a disease. They said it was cancer. She began to worry. They told her she would be fine. She began treatment.
Brett wanted to have a pool day. It was supposed to rain. Luckily, it stayed good weather all day. He had a good time playing in the pool. When it was time for dinner he didn't want to get out.
Michael got up early one day He dressed and he took the bus to work The bus broke down near his office He  walked the rest of the way He arrived just in time to punch in
A coworker told me someone in the office was having an affair. He was married with two kids in college. I knew the man's wife, but said nothing. His wife found evidence on Facebook and confronted the husband. He ended the affair and went back to his wife.
Bob came from a very poor family. He wanted to go to college but could not afford it. He applied to many scholarships online. His hard work at school paid off. Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship.
Ray had taken karate since he was a little boy. He never had to use it but he knew he could if he had to. One day there was a man trying to rob the store he was at. Ray stepped in and used his karate to try and stop the robber. The robber shot and killed Ray.
Dan and Darla got married in Texas. They were going to spend their honeymoon in Florida. Their hotel was closed because of an approaching hurricane. They decided to spend their honeymoon in Texas. They stayed in their hotel room and watched hurricane reports on tv.
Martina loved to dance. She participated in many dance competitions. One competition, she fell and broke her leg. She was determined to participate in the next competition though. She wore her cast dancing, and the audience applauded her effort.
Kate and her friends were on a Vegas vacation. But they wanted to find a better hotel. Liz found a suite for a great price on the strip. It was a better price for a better room in a better location. The girls all squealed with delight.
I used to hate practicing things when I was a kid. Even if it was something I liked to do, it was hard work. Eventually I learned the importance of practicing. Now I love to practice things. It helps me get better at the thing I like to do.
The day dawned dark and gloomy. Anna had an outdoor party that afternoon. She hoped it would clear up. As three o'clock approached the skies cleared. Anna was so happy her party wouldn't be ruined!
Claire really wanted a new phone. She always got the latest model She decided to wait in line outside of a store. She was able to get the new one. She was excited but doesn't think it's much better than the older one.
Everywhere I went in the house, Preacher the parrot followed. It felt like he was sneaking up on me. I would sit down in a quiet place. Suddenly he would yell. I would scream, and everyone laughed.
Jon wanted a car for his sixteenth birthday. But he knew his parents couldn't afford it. So at fifteen, he began working as a dishwasher. For a whole year, he saved every cent he earned. And on his sixteenth birthday, he bought himself a car!
Adam locked his keys in his car. He called a locksmith. The locksmith unlocked Adam's car. Adam paid the locksmith. He was more careful when locking his car to check for his keys.
Ronnie was nervous about a possible emergency situation. He decided to prepare for the possibility. He gathered large amounts of long lasting food. He bought huge quantities of water. He now felt calmer about being prepared in case of emergency.
Chris has been acting his whole life. He gets an audition for a part in a tv show. He attends the audition. He does very well in the audition. He gets the part in the show.
I noticed that the roof to my house was leaking. I got a ladder to fix it. I slipped off of the ladder and hurt my leg. The pain made me howl loudly. I learned that I should just call a professional next time.
George wasn't very motivated to cook dinner. He decided to go out to eat instead. He carefully weighed his options. George settled on a local steakhouse. He enjoyed his dinner very much.
Mason was making homemade bread. He had made it  a lot with various issues. This time he tried a new method he had red about. The bread ended up coming out deliciously. Mason  kept the tip under his belt from then on.
Tom went shopping at the mall. When he got home he checked his bank account. He noticed one store had charged him too much. He called them up and told them the problem. They had him go in and fixed it for him.
Gina had been listening to pop most of her life. But a the boy she liked listened to Hip Hop. Gina decided it was time to check out a new style of music. One day she could hear his music coming from his head phones. She spent a week trying to find out the name of the song.
Kelly was looking through her old things. She stumbled across her iPod. The iPod was very old. She was surprised she still had it. She decided to give it to her friend.
My skin is very pale. I get burned when I go out in the sun for an hour. I have to use high-strength sunscreen. As a result, people think I'm sweaty all the time. I just can't win with this skin.
I needed somewhere to store my quarters for the laundromat. I went to a local thrift store. I bought a small bowl. When I returned, my apartment lobby had two free bowls in the lobby. I ended up returning the bowl to the thrift store.
Bob wanted to become a vegetarian. His doctor said his blood pressure was too high. Bob went to the grocery store and bought lots of vegetables. He took his dieting very seriously. His doctor reported that he was healthier a few weeks later.
I sit at my desk every day and try to write a story. Most days nothing happens and I get up after a few minutes. Not today, though, as my muse finally appeared. A story popped into my head and I wrote for almost three hours. I hope my muse comes back to visit tomorrow.
One day Tara took a trip to LA. First she went to Universal Studios. Then she went to Griffith Park. Finally she went to Disneyland. She had a great time.
Kate's favorite brand of water had a price increase. She didn't want to pay a lot more money. One day at the store she saw another brand. It was fifty cent less than her favorite. Kate decided to give a new brand a shot and see if she liked it.
Jimmy went to the water park for his birthday. He spent hours in the wave pool and swallowed a lot of water. He began to feel sick. He threw up all over the car! He never went back to the waterpark again.
Laura loved to have a lot of balloons. One day all of her balloons popped. She became very sad due to this. Laura rushed to the store to purchase a lot more balloons. After a couple of hours, Laura had a lot of balloons once more.
Emily loved handling customers. One day, a customer came into Bath and Body Works. The lady wanted a scent that was no longer available. Emily broke the unfortunate news to her. Then Emily recommended a related scent, ending in a sale.
Cathy was feeling down about her financial situation. Cathy decided a stroll through the mall might help. Cathy deliberately left her credit cards at home before leaving. As she walked the mall, she got ideas for refreshing her wardrobe. Cathy actually enjoyed her day of window shopping at the mall.
Tom was in the basement. He heard a few scary noises. Tom had to turn off the light at the bottom of the stairs. He was really scared of the dark down there. Tom ran up the stairs as fast as he could.
The game was very challenging. It was also very dangerous. She had to play all her cards correctly. She made a clandestine choice that only benefited herself. The group was angry when they found out what she'd done to win.
Mary wanted a light snack. The vending machine was broken. Mary decided to go to the grocery store. She found the snacks she wanted but other stuff too. She came home with ten bags worth of groceries.
Ellie dreaded the new school year starting and she hated shopping. She put off school shopping till the day before school started. She got the flu on the day she was to go shopping. Ellie couldn't get to the stores because she was so ill. Her mom went alone and got everything she needed.
Tia loved going to the beach, but she didn't know how to swim. One day her friend offered to teach her. He took Tia into waist-deep water and showed her simple strokes. Tia emulated his sleek, easy movements as best she could. Soon she was swimming easily, like an old pro!
It was time to look for a new car. I went to a number of dealers looking for one. I test drove a bunch of them. Some I hated more than others. But I finally decided on a new Ford.
Jane was on birth control. She was also sexually active. One month her period was late. Jane was worried that she was pregnant. Luckily it came around days later.
Frank kept striking out when he went up to bat. Frank's father decided to take him to the batting cages. After several days of practice, Frank gained confidence. The next time he went up to bat in a game, he slugged a home run. This is what taught Frank that practice makes perfect.
Claire bought a new goldfish for home. She set up a tank for him on the kitchen counter. She filled the bowl with clean water and put the fish in. That night Claire caught her cat pawing at the fish tank. Now a plate covers the top of the tank to keep her fish safe.
Just a few years ago, Tony was a brand new runner. He was slow in the beginning, but improved quickly. After six months, he started running city road races. After one year, he ran a half marathon. No one was surprised the next year when he ran a full marathon.
Jen loved making blankets. She would knit all day and night until she finished one. She would donate them all to the hospital. She wanted babies and the elderly to feel comfortable. Jen was glad that her gifts were making people happy.
Dj took out his tux, wondering what his date was doing. Slowly he got dressed as he listened to classic rock on the radio. The corsage was retrieved from the refrigerator. Excitedly, he drove over to his date's house. When she opened the door, Dj could was stunned at her radiance.
I sat down at the train station while waiting for the train. As soon as the next train arrived, there was a jam. The driver couldn't open the doors until the crowd got organized. The delay lasted approximately 20-30 minutes. Although I was already late to work, I decided to ride the train.
Scott was jailed across the state line for lifting a TV from Walmart. Ann decided to go bail him out. Sue told Ann to let him rot in jail. On the way home, Scott lifts a coffeemaker from a diner. Both Ann and Scott are jailed just across the state line.
Donnie and his team are meteorologists. Last week they were on assignment chasing a storm. They needed to gather data. It was particularly bad. Eventually they had to give up and go back for safety.
Timmy had been secretly feeding a stray dog. He was afraid to tell his parents. One day, the dog scratched and jumped for Timmy at the door. Timmy snuck food out and called him Froggy, for jumping so much. His mum thought it was so cute, she let him adopt Froggy.
Amy and her friends wanted to get away. They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up. They took a lot of photos along the way. When they were through driving, they wound up at a national park. They decided to go exploring through it.
Kate felt something run across her foot. It was a giant spider! She swatted it away. It ran under her bed. She could not sleep that night.
Nancy caught Chris copying the answers for tomorrow's exam. She told him that what he was doing is wrong. He told her that if she told anyone, something bad would happen. The next day, the teacher announced Chris's test that he aced. Nancy couldn't hold the secret and confessed it to everyone.
After lunch, my stomach started to growl. It was also grumbling. Since the pain was intolerable, I decided to go the school's clinic. The doctor checked on me. I found out that I just had a minor stomach ache.
Jill couldn't control her spending. She needed to save money. But she kept buying things that she didn't need. She asked her parents for money to pay the bills. But she ended spending it all on new shoes.
Tom was walking around his apartment. It was night and dark. He stubbed his toe on an end table. Tom yelled so loud it woke his neighbors up. Luckily he wasn't seriously injured.
Gina's friend Tami wanted to sit with girls who didn't like Gina. Tami was the only friend Gina had left. So she decided to sit with Tami at the table with those girls. But it was a mistake. Gina ate silently since she was unable to join the conversation.
Pete fell in love with a girl. The girl broke up with Pete. Pete felt destroyed by the rejection. Pete finally met someone new. Pete never quite recovered from that girl though.
Jana just got a job writing for a newspaper. She was very nervous about messing up her first article. She worked all night to make sure it was perfect. The next day she nervously awaited the arrival of the paper. Jana's article made the front page!
Jane bought a new set of high heels. She wore them out for the first time with friends. They went bar hopping. Jane's heels broke at the first bar. She had to go back home.
Teesha wanted to learn to be more artistic. She decided to research art classes. She selected an art class specializing in pottery. Teesha attended her pottery class once a week. Teesha made 2 bowls and 3 vases in her pottery class.
The quarterback received the ball with 10 seconds left. When two guards were approaching him, he freaked out. In addition, he dropped the ball before throwing it to another player. A player from the other team caught the ball and ran away. They also converted the turnover into a touchdown.
Rob married a woman named Vicky. He had 4 sisters and he really wanted them to like her. They all agreed to give her a fair chance in the family. But Vicky was manipulative,conniving and evil to everyone. So unfortunately she was the sister in law that no one liked.
Norman threw a party for all his friends. They danced all night and had a lot of fun. But around midnight, Norman started screaming. A big rat was running in the middle of the room. Everyone left in panic and Norman was alone with the rat.
Kate wanted to make an apple pie. But she had no money to buy apples! Then she had a great idea. She picked the apples from the trees in her neighborhood. The fresh apples made a delicious pie!
Lucy had always wanted a pet cat. Her husband got her one for her birthday. Unfortunately, the cat wasn't very nice. He was always grumpy and wanted to be alone. She ended up letting him be a solitary cat, and got a new cat.
Sarah loves cats. She asked her mom to get her a cat. Her mom agreed and bought her a kitten. It was so little that Sarah named him Tiny. Sarah and Tiny are now best friends.
Mike insisted on shampooing his living room carpet on Sunday. Holly told him not to because the heat and humidity were too high. She warned him that the carpet would not dry very well. Holly was right, as by Tuesday, the carpet had started to smell funny. Now Mike has to shampoo the carpet all over again.
For a special treat, my mom said I could have candy! She took me to the store and told me I could pick whatever I wanted. I chose a Butterfinger. Then we went to the pool. I threw the Butterfinger up right into the pool.
Nadine's aunt asked her to babysit her cousin. She put him on her lap and sat on a bar-stool. Suddenly, the baby slipped from her arms. He fell and hit his head on the floor. Nadine apologized profusely to her aunt, who said it was okay.
One day, Lee and Sue were out running errands when a storm hit. The sky turned green, it became very windy, and started to hail. Instead of driving home, Lee and Sue waited out the storm in safety. When they returned home, a tree had fallen on their driveway. Lee and Sue were happy that they were safe!
In 1987 we vacationed on Cape Cod. Our daughter was two. It rained the whole time we were there. We went to an aquarium and the mall. Our daughter did not seem to mind.
Carl woke up with spots all over his body. He was itching so much, he was crying. When his mom looked at him she recognized he had the measles. She kept him home for a week so he could heal. And when the spots went away, Carl played again with his friends.
Joe wore a striped shirt to school. Everyone laughed at him. Stripes were not cool at that school. Joe then painted his shirt one plain color. Everyone was amazed at how creative he was.
Gina's 10 year old brother was in a cop car. He was one of a few kids throwing rocks from a building. Gina ran home and brought her dad back. She watched from her gate as he spoke to the an officer. The officer let her father take the kids home instead.
One day Seth was walking down the street He ran into a homeless man begging for change Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man He turned around and gave him everything he had
Jim learned that jumping was good for his health. So he decided to jump every morning to get energized. It was working well until his bell rang. He opened the door to see his downstairs neighbor. The neighbor asked him to stop as the ceiling was trembling too much.
Kim's little sister needed a place to crash. Kim and her boyfriend let her stay there a while. She didn't clean and wouldn't get a job. She ate all their food and ran up their bills. Kim had to kick her out eventually.
Matt and Kelly attended the same geometry class. They were very competitive about their place in class. Matt studied very hard to get better grades than Elly. During their next test Matt knew all the answers. He got a higher score than Elly and was very proud.
My wife and I like jazz vocalists. Jane Monheit is one of our favorites. Last year we bought tickets to her concert at Sculler's. There was a fire, and the concert was cancelled. We have looked for concerts in the area, and none have been scheduled.
Barry recently visited a African village in Ghana. At the village, Barry learned about various cultural aspects. In addition, Barry has taught various tribal dances. In exchange, Barry taught the villagers some American dances as well. Barry was grateful to have the experience of visiting the village.
Joe loved potatoes. So he bought a large bag of potatoes every week. But one day, his local grocery store didn't have potatoes. So he ate nothing until they were in stock. But eventually, he had to explore other types of food.
Sam had a test at school the next day. He was not ready. When he woke up the next morning he pretended to be sick. His mom let him stay home. She never knew he was playing hooky to get out of the test.
Regina had a pretend boyfriend. Her friend found out that she had made up her boyfriend. Her friend helped her find a real boyfriend instead of making fun. Now Regina and her friend go on double dates together. Regina is lucky to have a friend like she does.
My boyfriend thought our new kittens would look cute in sweaters. He made them each a sweater out of an old sweater of his. When the kittens saw each other, they growled and hissed. They didn't recognize each other! My boyfriend had to give up on sweaters for the cats.
Tyler liked to ski. He skied every winter with his family. He realized that he needed new ski accessories. He went on a large shopping trip. For Tyler's next ski trip, he had all new accessories.
Olli was participating in his school's reading competition. He kept a reading log of his time spent with books. Olli was then awarded book pins for every ten minutes. Olli had soon amassed an enormous number of pins. In truth, Olli had been inflating his numbers throughout the contest.
Betty Anne and Carl were playing in their backyard. Because it had rained, their mom told them not to go near creek. Thinking they wouldn't get swept away, they got in the creek. A neighbor saw them being pulled down stream and called 911. A police took them back home to their unaware mother.
Jessica enjoyed Mcdonald's breakfast food. She had a hard time making it there on time though. Her friend told her that the breakfast menu was available all day. Jessica did not believe her at all. She realized that it was true the next time she went.
I went to the pool yesterday. I had a great time. I jumped in immediately. I had to experience it. It was fallouts.
Avery decided to start a rock collection. He went to the beach to pick some up. He ended up with a whole bag full. He put his rocks on his shelves. His friends thought it was cool.
Connor was so bored one day. He saw a flyer for the county fair. He asked his mom if she could take him. His mom took him to the county fair. Connor rode the rides and loved the county fair.
A man wanted to make his own personal flag to fly in his yard. He went to the fabric store and bought many types of cloth. He sewed it together that afternoon and raised it soon afterwards. At sunset he played taps and honorably lowered it. A boy watching from the street saluted this act.
Ann and Jane were best friends. They were always together and always had fun. One day they had gotten into a fight over a boy. The boy turned out to be mean to both of them. They realized the fight was obsolete and continued being best friends.
Brenda loves Christmas time. She gets so excited on Christmas morning. Santa has been to her house. Brenda has lots of presents under her tree. She opens a toy and got exactly what she asked for!
Lily stepped in the shower and screamed. There was a big spider on the tap. She got out of the shower to look for a broom. When she found one, she returned to the bathroom. She gingerly put the spider on the broom before letting it out.
Rina went to the hair salon. She wanted a change in style. After talking with her stylist, she decided on what she wanted. Rina opted for a natural bayalage in her hair. She was very excited to change her look up.
Rob was a jet pilot for a major airline. He was flying to Dallas one day when his left engine failed. He was at altitude so he knew exactly what to do. Rob called the nearest airport to notify them of the emergency. He then landed the plane without injury to any passengers.
There was a scratching at the storm door late one night. Assuming it was a neighbor's cat, I filled a small dish with cat food. Opening the door, I bent down to look into the eyes of a stranger! A huge raccoon moaned with pleasure as it scoffed down Meow Mix. When I heard the scratching the following night, I stayed in bed!
I walked outside in my robe with my cup of coffee. I sipped it as I enjoyed the calm, sunny morning. My spouse came out yelling there was a hurricane coming. I gestured at the sky and shrugged my shoulders. She pointed at the sign that said Florida, and I went inside.
Billy felt lonely in school. He had no friends. One day, a new kid came to school. They instantly became friends. They became inseparable.
Donna is a personal trainer. She is working with a client to lose weight. Her client struggles initially. But her client ends up reaching her goals. Donna is great at her job.
Bill got his monthly car insurance bill in the mail. He noticed that it is much higher than it usually is. He called his insurance agent right away. His agent said his premium went up due to a speeding ticket he got. Bill had forgotten about the ticket and was instantly upset.
I bought a nose hair clipper on Amazon. It was battery powered. The battery died. When I was replacing the battery the clipper fell apart. Luckily it snapped back together.
Charlie was very tired. His mother did not want him to sleep yet. She decided to turn on cartoons for him. He watched his shows with excitement. When bedtime came, Charlie did not want to sleep.
Sara was raising her toddler Tom to be polite. One day he got a gift but didn't say thank you. Sara took the gift and reminded Tom to thank the giver. Tom quickly remembered his manners and said thank you. Then he eagerly tore into his gift!
Joy wanted to be a star. She was thrilled when she got hired to be in a commercial. She was supposed to look like she was enjoying a new snack food. As the camera rolled she took a bite, smiling. It was so horrible she spit it out while being filmed.
Jill had a credit card payment due in a couple of days. She didn't have enough money to pay for it. Jill started to stress out over her finances. Jill called her parents and explained her situation. Her parents lent her $100 in order to cover her bill.
Molly loved going to dance classes. All of her friends went to classes with her. Once, her birthday was on the same day as the dance class. Her friends all brought in gifts for her. The teacher didn't approve of the gifts, however, and threw them away.
Rod loved a pit bull at the shelter. But his friends said pit bulls were very violent dogs. They advised Rod not to adopt it. Rod decided to adopt it anyways. He was glad he did, because his pit wasn't violent at all!
I received a phone call at work from a new construction company today. The fleet manager of the company said he was looking to buy 5 trucks. All the trucks had to be green with certain equipment. I searched all Chevrolet dealers in the United States. By the end of the day, I sold 5 trucks and gained a new customer.
John was thirsty the therefore he wanted a drink from the store. On his way to the store, John saw a duck at the side of the road. He spent 20 minutes trying to coax the duck cross over to the lake. By the time John got to the store, it had closed. He decided that, in future, he'd only help nature if he had time to.
Ian had a crush on Kayla. He really wanted to ask her out. The only problem was that he was nervous. He picked a day to meet her. Thankfully she said yes.
Miley was sleeping on a dirty mattress in an alley. The garbage truck's engine woke her up. Miley stumbled towards the quiet morning street. She yawned deeply and got started on her day. With no dignity left, she held out her styrofoam cup and sign.
Lauren was driving home from work. She was running low on gas so she decided to get some. She stopped inside for a snack and grabbed a lottery ticket. She went home and went to sleep. The next day Lauren woke up and couldn't believe she had Won!
I once had a professor who was very tough. He taught science. He was a very good teacher even though he was tough. I studied very hard in his class. Because I studied hard I got an A+.
I wanted a new computer. So I looked for one at a large electronics store. But many of them were too expensive. So I built my own computer for a lower cost. I was happy that I got to use exactly the parts I wanted.
I made a fire outside last night. It started off big and bright as I put in more wood. Soon I began to run out of wood. The fire was not as hot as it used to be. Without any wood the fire died down to nothing.
I grew up in the South End of Boston. There was a beautiful Catholic Church on Shawmut Avenue. It was a German Catholic Church at one time. I admired its Gothic architecture. Sadly, the church was sold and converted into condos.
When I was five my brother had a sore throat. My parents took him to the doctor. He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out. My parents did not tell me right away. I had trouble sleeping until my brother came home.
Rolf realizes that his shower has become gross over the Year's. He decides to clean it out. Rolf scrubs his shower thoroughly until it is completely clean. After he is finished, he feels proud of his work. He is glad that his shower is less gross than it had been.
An in law gave us a Yankee candle for Christmas. Every relative got the same gift. The scent was salted caramel. We did not like the scent. We sold the candle on amazon.
There is a holiday in my town known as Mischief Night. It is the night before Halloween and people prank other people. My friend stole all my clothes to celebrate the holiday. It was so funny, but at the same time, I had no clothes! After a few hours, he finally gave them back.
Tom was unemployed and broke. He decided to start a new career as a dog walker. He soon had a handful of clients. In his first month, Tom lost five dogs. He's now looking for a new job.
There was a new grocery store in town. Kate decided to visit to compare the prices to her usual store. She found the sale prices to be lower. But the non-sale prices were always higher than she was used to. Kate decided to stay with the tried and true store instead.
Neil's wife asked Neil to go to grocery store. The family ran out of milk. Neil drove to the supermarket. He picked up a gallon of milk. Then, he paid for the milk at the register.
Thanksgiving was here and the family including the dogs are present. The food is on the table and all is ready to eat. We notice that one of the dogs are not present, begging for food. She got out of the fence in the dark and left the yard. The family looked for hours and could not find our beloved dog.
Sam had a big dog. It slobbered everywhere! He tried to clean it up, but it was always a huge mess. He told his dog to get away from him. Instead, the dog licked him and got him wet and messy.
Beth applied to five different schools before she graduated from high Still, she was extremely worried she wouldn't get accepted anywhere. Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case. When the letters came, she opened them breathlessly. It turns out she was only accepted to the sixth school!
Reggie and Ally were laying on the ground looking up at the sky. They were taking turns finding shapes in the clouds. Reggie said he saw a dinosaur. Ally just couldn't see it. To her Reggie's dinosaur looked like a bunny.
Adam loved his grandmother's gravy. She couldn't make it anymore because she had gotten old. Adam's grandmother decided to teach his girlfriend how to make gravy. They went into the kitchen. Grandmother taught Adam's girlfriend to make the gravy.
Ruth was a girl who loved baseball. The boys would never let her play. The boys told her she couldn't play because she was a girl. Ruth took a stand and told them they had to let her play. The boys eventually let her play and she was better than all of them.
Gina wanted to check Dave's desk for her pencils. But he wouldn't allow her to. She decided to wait till he went to the bathroom. Finally he left his desk and went to the bathroom. But Gina was scared to search his things in front of the whole class.
Maria was laying in her bed. She needed to get up early the next day. For some reason, she couldn't get to sleep. Finally, she decided to take some melatonin. Soon enough she was able to drift to sleep.
Yesterday I had to help cook Passover supper. It was a long process but worth it. I loved helping out for it. It took about five hours to prepare. When it was done we all loved the food.
Two weeks ago we went to a jazz concert. The singer was Tierney Sutton. We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston. Attendance was down, so she gave only one concert. We bought her latest cd and had it autographed.
Callie couldn't figure out how the open the door. Her lock was new and weird so she called me for help. I told Callie how to unlock the door and she was extremely grateful. Later that day Callie got stuck again! She called me up and I changed the locks for her.
I am carefully managing the remaining space on my computer. I move a lot of large video files through it and can not be slowed. The remaining space once fell below five gigabytes. I panicked and deleted many important work documents. I shall never let that happen again.
James wanted to be a pilot. But when he was 10 he realized he was having trouble to read. James went to see the doctor. The doctor told him he needed glasses. James was very sad because he wouldn't be able to be a pilot.
Steve started a YouTube Channel for himself. He wanted to use it to make movie reviews. He was proud of his videos but they got few views. All content-sharing sites had anti-self-promotion rules. Steve felt helpless to get attention for his work.
Yates was a dying old man. He had a choice to make. Give his will to charity or his children. Yates made a choice and passed away. He ended up giving have to Charity and have to his kids.
My brother and I only lived in the same house until I was 14. Our parents divorced and we went separate ways. I've seen him about once every other year since. He lives six hours away and is about to buy a house there. I am glad he is doing well, but I wish I knew him better.
Jocelyn lost her husband and cried all the time. Her friends tried to make her laugh but her pain would not go away. Jocelyn tried to write down what pained her, but it didn't help. She also tried to find solace with someone else to no avail. She only felt better as time went by and her heart healed.
Jane has always wanted to cut her hair in a bob. Her friends and family tell her that bob haircuts are out of style. However, Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway. She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut. Jenny feels very happy with the way she looks now.
Hal wanted to take a cruise to the Caribbean. He tried to convince his friends to go with him. They all wanted to do a road trip to Las Vegas instead. Hal agreed, but on one condition. They all stayed in a Caribbean-themed hotel in Vegas.
There was a beehive under the Elliott's house. They told their kids to stay away from the nest. Andrew, their oldest son, did not listen. He was throwing a baseball near the nest. Several bee's came out and stung him.
Kate wanted to wear her new suede boots. But it was raining. She had sprayed them with a water repellent. But she wasn't sure it would protect her expensive suede boots. Kate decided not to wear her boots in the rain anyway.
Lance excitedly ran out to the mailbox. He was waiting for an acceptance letter from his favorite college. He slowly opened the mailbox and peeked inside. The mailbox was completely empty! Lance smiled as he remembered it was Sunday.
Joseph went with his friends on vacation in Spain. While on vacation they all went to the beach. While his friends went swimming Joseph fell asleep in the sun. He ended up with a terrible sunburn. Joseph learned to always wear sunscreen.
Last week I fell down the stairs. I ended up breaking my leg. I was rushed to the hospital to get checked. They gave me crutches. It will be awhile before I get better.
During my first driving exam, I was very nervous. I passed the maneuverability portion, but then I drove on the road. I made many mistakes, but my worst was running a red light. The instructor failed me immediately and I was disappointed. However, the following week I came back and passed.
Rosie started having contractions. She was right at her due date. She felt immense pain. Her husband rushed to her side. He took her to the hospital.
A golfer invented a golf ball that changed color after it was hit. He secretly swapped out his opponents ball for his new invention. The opponent couldn't find his ball and had to take a penalty. The inventor laughed and took a big lead in their game. After he won he confessed and the other golfer though he was mean.
Ava found a tiny bird on the ground. It had fallen from its nest! Ava took it inside and made it a home. Then she fed it by hand every day. Soon the bird strengthened and flew away!
Neil loves to fish. He gets his rod and tackle box from the closet. Then Neil drives to the lake. Neil finds his favorite spot to sit. Finally, Neil throws out a line with his rod to catch a fish.
The couple went on a helicopter. They got to go on a tour. They saw some amazing things. It strengthened their relationship. They made the helicopter tour a yearly tradition.
The coach told everyone to put on their bathing suits. Hannah didn't want to however, the coach yelled at her. Although she was hesitant, she managed to put on her one-piece outfit. Everyone in the class couldn't stop looking at her. On the side of her belly, there was a large mole.
One day, I decided to make buttered buns. I got the buns, buttered them and put them in the oven. I started baking them and began to clean the house. As I was cleaning, the buns caught in fire! I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again.
Daisy had avoided doing anything for the whole day. Now, with time running out, she was deeply agitated. She only had a few hours to get all the work done. Red-faced and sweating profusely, she cleaned like a mad woman. She breathed in relief as she completed the final task.
Taylor went to economics class one day. Two professor candidates presented for the class. One was composed and assigned a fun activity. The other was shaky and dripping sweat. Somehow the sweaty one got the job.
Dan wanted to make a little bit of spending money on Mturk. Dan sadly realized Sundays were usually slow. Luckily, he found a fun HIT involving story writing. Dan raced to do as many as he could. Dan crossed his fingers hoping his work does not get rejected.
Teresa and her mother did not have many things in common. So her mom tried to be cool by doing the same things as her. Teresa found this annoying. She told her mother she didn't need to do that. So her mother stopped that behavior.
Angela wanted bubbles to play with. Angela's mother told her that she could not play with bubbles today. Angela was very sad. The next day, Angela's mother allowed her to play with bubbles. Angela was very thankful and happy to play with the bubbles.
In October, the leaves began falling off of the trees. Bill volunteered to take the leaves in his mother's yard. He raked until he had a huge pile of leaves. He stopped and looked around to see if anyone was watching. Then he jumped into the leaf pile, scattering leaves everywhere.
Ryan has played ice hockey his whole life. He even played through college. One day he was drafted by a professional team. Ryan practiced every day and tried his hardest to succeed. He became Captain of the New York Rangers!
Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window. But her mom was upset, claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming. Then one day Lynn witnessed a hit and run accident. She wrote down the license plate number and told the police. Lynn's mom was so proud of her daughter for helping!
Marty threw our Frisbee over the fence into our neighbor's back yard. It hit the house window and made a loud sound. A man walked out the back door. Then to our surprise he threw it back to us. It sailed over our heads into our other neighbor's yard.
Ree loved cooking. She decided to try a new quiche recipe. She added asparagus and goat cheese to it. It was phenomenal! She wrote the recipe down so she could make it again.
Dina daughter Avery just turned two. Dina felt like she should put Avery in Daycare because of her job. She didn't trust Daycares and felt like she should be with Avery. One day after she picked up her daughter she heard something peculiar. Avery was singing her ABCs and Dina was pleased and felt at ease.
Marsha ran a two-mile loop every morning. One day, she noticed her running path was extremely beautiful. She noticed butterflies flying in the meadows. She then saw that the trees were starting to turn for Autumn. Marsha learned that day to appreciate where she lived.
I only have one vice. I'm a mindless snacker. If I'm eating while doing something else, I don't stop. I will sit and eat anything in entirety if it's in front of me. I do my best not to multitask while eating.
Jill walked from her apartment to the beach. She set her sandals on the boardwalk. Jill couldn't find her sandals after her day on the beach. Jill had to walk back home on the hot pavement. Jill's feet were burned on the way home.
Laura was recently unemployed and needed food. A friend told her to apply for food stamps. Laura decided to see if she was eligible. The next day she went to the center to apply. Laura was thankful they granted her food stamps.
Tom got a new pair of cool shoes. They were white and perfect. He wore them out among friends. Nobody really said anything about them. Tom felt they liked them, though.
Chad was renovating a home. He'd just bought an old farmhouse. It needed a lot of work. He hired a plumber and an electrician. When they finished working, the house was at least habitable.
Janice always feels lonely on Sunday because she doesn't see anyone. One Sunday she decides to take her book to read at the coffee shop. Although she doesn't speak with anyone, she likes being around people. She decides to spend more Sunday afternoons at the coffee shop. Janice notices that this habit makes her feel less lonely.
Ted was a senior executive at a Fortune 100 company. He was unexpectedly laid off along with 1000 other employees. He had fear and doubts about his future. He created a business plan and borrowed 15 million dollars. He became CEO of a company with 6000 employees in 4 countries.
Oliver was a male nurse in a big hospital. He was very efficient and very sought after. When an old lady was admitted, he took care of her. But as she had no family, she was all alone. Oliver went to see her and hold her hand as she died.
I took my daughter to the new candy store. She had the biggest smile when she saw all the candy they had. I let her pick out a few pieces. She had trouble choosing what to get. She devoured them as soon as we bought them.
Katy loved to cook. She just finished dinner one night and decided to make a dessert. She picked out a recipe, but did not have all the ingredients. She made some substitutions that she thought would work. When she removed the dessert from the oven, it was not edible.
Russ worked at a shipping company. The company laid him off. He went back to work for them. The same company laid him off again. He thought it was time to find a new job.
There was a lizard lying on the rock. I wasn't sure if it was alive so I crept up to get a closer look. When I got near, it didn't move. I figured it was sleeping, or maybe it was dead. Then, all of a sudden, it scurried away.
Bob was out for a morning run. His foot started to hurt. He took off his shoe. Bob noticed that a blister has formed on his toe. Bob put blister lotion on his toe when he arrived home.
The man felt joy. He searched for the source of the joy. The joy went away. The man waited for the joy to return. He just enjoyed it the next time.
Allie was having a debate today. She was very nervous. She was not sure she would do well. Gratefully she did okay. She ended up winning it.
Sarah was riding her bike. But a pit bull tackled her, knocking her over. Suddenly, a cat bolted towards the dog and chased it away. Sarah quickly went inside her house. But she never found the cat that saved her.
Omar was working on a car. He was having trouble getting the car to start. Omar's brother was a mechanic. He got his brother to come over. Omar's brother got the car to start.
Tim loved going hunting It was his favorite pastime. On a sunny day, he was hunting and heard something crackling. He realized he was being chased by a bear! He got away, but quit hunting after that incident!
Xiao sat on the steps of the old school house. She was the fastest runner in the whole class but that didn't matter. She wasn't about to face the laughter of her classmates if she won. They would chant her name for the rest of the day. Xiao didn't like chips but she especially hated cheetos!
Martin had a boring job as an accountant. One day, he snapped and bought a ticket to Brazil. He got off the plane ready for adventure. He was robbed as soon as he left the airport. Martin sighed and realized he liked the safety of his job.
Bob's was in the mood to find bottle caps. Today, he went to the beach to find some buried ones. He used his metal detector to find them. At the end of the day, he detected something on his detector. The detector found the most valuable bottle cap ever.
Melvin's best friend was a golden retriever named Cezar. Cezar was the best dog in the community. Cezar was very well trained and listened to Melvin. One day Cezar ran away and Melvin was very sad. Melvin found Cezar next door and was very happy.
Tom was very hungry. He knew about a special event in town. He drove to it. It was a market of shops, with sellers of many items and foods. He ate at the market.
I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.
Frances was a thespian actress. She had a very hard time disassociating herself from her characters. Every time she played a villain, she'd scream at her children. But as the children knew it was for a role, they didn't mind. On the contrary, they loved seeing her on the stage and were proud.
Leo loved to play baseball. During a game, he hit the ball very hard. While running the bases, he pulled a muscle. Leo fell to the ground. His baseball days were over.
Richard was a hair stylist. His customer wanted him to give her a perm. He did so, but it went poorly. The curls were very tight and frizzy. The customer was very angry at Richard.
Georgina was a big spender. She tried to limit herself to a budget but could never do it. She bought a book to help her make better financial decisions. And she tried to apply the advice to her way of life. But it failed and she had to accept that she'd always spend too much.
Hannah had the day off from school for the snow. She decided to build a giant snowman. Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure. She was proud of herself when she went to bed. However she was sad to woke up the next day and find it melted.
Tammy wanted to improve her typing. She practiced playing a typing game after school everyday. She eventually increased her word per minute dramatically. Tammy became really proficient in her computer skills. She was able to get a great job because of her computer skills.
All the towels in the house are wet. There are only four of us living here. There are six towels. Someone must be extra dry. Or someone was really wet.
Tim lived in a neighborhood with a housing association. He would constantly get complaints about his yard. He was even fined once. Tim didn't think it looked that bad. He preferred to pay the fine that change it.
John wanted to win a contest. But he was not very good at math or reading. Then he found a contest he could compete in. It was a hot dog eating contest! John ate fifteen hot dogs and won first prize!
Jim always had problems understanding math. After he failed a quiz, his parents began to do his homework with him. They made Jim do his math homework until he got everything right. They did this for a month. Jim got an A on his next math test and he was very happy.
A little girl begged her parents for a pet. They talked about what to get. The girl said she wanted a kitty cat. Her parents agreed to buy it. They found one at the shelter.
Wally's car insurance rate had gone up. Wally called other companies to compare rates. Wally found a company with a better offer. Wally cancelled his policy. He joined one with a better rate.
I saw a huge bug in my room. I screamed as I ran down the hallway. I got a spoon to throw at the bug. I looked for it everywhere. I then saw that the bug had climbed out of the window.
Cal woke up and felt something was missing. He realized his bed cap had come off during the night. He looked all around the sheets and blankets for it. Cal couldn't find it anywhere! Then he spotted it on the floor under the bed.
Bill wanted to become a writer. Bill took a leave of absence from work to create a novel. Bill stared at his blank computer screen, with major writer's block. Bill decided to just begin typing his thoughts as they occurred. Bill wound up writing a Pulitzer Prize winning book!
Ranger had a bone. Ranger did not want to share his bone. Ranger dug a hole for his bone. Ranger put the bone in the hole. None of Ranger's friends could find his bone.
We were at the beach and I had to use the bathroom. I felt trapped. I knew I had to use the portable ones. So I held my breath and went in. It was disgusting and I immediately ran out.
Kelly was buying new furniture. She found an amazing antique dresser. She brought it home and put it in her bedroom. She dusted it off and put her clothes inside. The dresser fit her bedroom beautifully!
A drunk man walked into a grocery store. He wanted to get some tomato sauce for dinner. He stumbled as he picked up a jar of sauce. The man knocked several jars on the floor. The grocery store manager kicked out the drunk for his mess.
Allie had her friend over. They decided to play some basketball. Allie was winning at first. Then her friend Stacy won. Allie then demanded a rematch.
Marsha had just completed her science fair project. She wanted to give it an engaging title. She tried to find a pun related to genetics. She was ultimately unable to come up with one. She went with a generic title although she felt uneasy about it.
Nan was looking through her husband's bank statements. She noticed a lot of purchases for a mysterious store called XXX. She did a little snooping, and found out her husband was buying porn. They had a very long talk about his sexual addiction. The very next day, Nan called a therapist for couple counseling.
Bella thought she'd never turn sixteen. Time was passing so slowly! But at long last, her birthday arrived. Bella had a huge party with all of her friends. Her sixteenth birthday was fantastic!
I took so many pictures yesterday at the park. The kids had so much fun. They played on the slides over and over. They were smiling the whole time. I felt so good because they enjoyed it.
Linda took a trip to the store. Her new car has a brand new GPS unit. Linda could not figure out how to operate it. She typed in the address to the store but she typed. Linda ended up in the middle of a vacant lot.
I was new to a grocery store and have no clue where to go. All I wanted was some coffee beans. The workers were not available. I asked a customer and he pointed me towards the aisle. I thanked the customer and want to the coffee aisle.
Anthony was riding on his skateboard. He decided to speed up when moving near a flight of stairs. However, he tripped on a side rail and fell on his face. I ran to him to find out what happened. He couldn't get up for a few minutes.
Alex went to the pet store down the street. He was planning on just looking around. Alex walked by the cats, and one caught his attention. She was yellow and orange, and very sweet. Alex fell in love instantly, and adopted her on the spot.
Lucy wanted to get a tattoo of a rose. She went to the parlor to get it done. At first it looked good. Yet when it was done, it looked terrible. Lucy then had to go get it removed the next week.
A little girl planted a garden in her backyard in the spring. She was so excited that every morning she would get up. Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care. She would water them, she would weed them, and even gave them shade. And by fall she had the biggest garden she ever had.
I went to a fancy restaurant over the weekend. To start things off, I insulted the host by not tipping. Then I incorrectly ordered off the weekday menu. Some of the patrons and staff started glaring at me. After my meal, I left the restaurant embarrassed and ashamed.
Andrew wanted to cook a delicious dinner. But Andrew realized he had no cooking oil. So Andrew drove to the store. He found some cooking oil and bought it. Andrew cooked a very delicious meal that night.
Bob likes to go fishing for catfish on the lake banks. One night after a storm, he went fishing alone. A huge fish got on the line! Bob fought with it for over an hour. That fish was the biggest fish he ever caught!
Jordan and Sara were playing at the pool. They were fighting over who got to play with the mermaid doll. Jordan was so mad about the doll that she decided to leave. Sara was mad that her friend left her alone at the pool. Both girls refused to speak to each other for weeks.
Charles was the quiet guy at work. He was taken advantage of and picked on by Edwin. He was the office bully. One day after having enough Charles confronted him about his issue. Edwin just laughed at him and said he does it because he is bored.
Hannah decides to meet up with a guy from tinder. He seems nice but with tinder you just never know. He is charming but looks nothing like his photos. Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast. Hannah doesn't regret leaving the man alone.
Bruce is a filmmaker living in California. He writes and directs all of his own work. He just completed a film and showed it to a group of critics. He got some feedback on things to change in his movie. Bruce made the changes and is now ready to release it publicly.
I broke a bone in my leg last summer. It hurt a lot at the time. I had to spend some time in a cast. Eventually, it'd come off. When it came off, I was real happy.
He came into my bedroom and asked to talk. We went into the living room. He said he wanted to know how to make friends. Nobody understood his speech, and he was lonely. She promised to help him in any way she could.
Bob's favorite part of field day was the snowcones. But he had to participate in some events too. He chose dodgeball thinking he'd get out fast and be able to relax. Much to his surprise he was good at it! He ended up coming in second place.
Felipe had never eaten a traditional Indian curry. One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it. Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious. He wishes that he had tried curry long before. Now Indian curry is one of Felipe's favorite foods.
My cousin's favorite cupcake is red velvet. For her birthday this year, I made her red velvet cupcakes. I brought the cupcakes to her birthday party. Before she got to see them, I spilled them all over the floor! My cousin didn't get to eat red velvet cupcakes for her birthday.
Dan hasn't worked in almost one year. Because he is low on money he has started eating less. His friends and family mention that he should try eating more. However, he ignores their advice. Finally Dan finds a new job and begins eating more.
Rudy was always told he was too small to play football. Rudy didn't let that get to him. Rudy kept on trying until he got what he wanted. He earned a spot on the Notre Dame football team. Rudy went on to become a living legend at his school.
Jim wanted to buy a computer game. He needed to use PayPal to complete the transaction. He asked his mom if he could use her account. She typed her password into his computer. Jim was able to successfully purchase his game.
Kim was studying for a science test. But he forgot her notes at school. She called one of her friends to get help. But they ended up talking about food and movies. Eventually, it became too late for Kim to study.
Rod slept past his alarm and woke up 10 minutes late. When he awoke he remembered it was trash day. Rod ran down the stairs to gather his garbage. He heard the truck coming and bolted outside. The garbage men stopped their truck and waited for him.
My family was taking a trip in the Bahamas last year. We ran into so many amazing animals. By far the most amazing animal was the Chameleon. We ran into it next to a tree and it was green. I guess we scared it because it immediately started changing to brown.
Bella was 3 and wanted lots of balloons for her birthday party. Her mom She was blowing them up as fast as she could, but Bella moped. She wanted a very large balloon! So Su blew and blew until she had a huge balloon-which popped! The noise frightened Bella, and she cried, but Su reassured her!
Rashid is terrified of heights. He currently lives on the 13th floor. Rashid closes his eyes every time he walks past the window. Rashid tries to overcome his fears. He joins a group with others that suffer from Acrophobia.
The tickets went on sale a good two months before the movie opened. He waited by his computer until the tickets were available. He quickly bought tickets for two different showings. He knew he would want to see it multiple times. He was so excited, now he had to wait for it to open!
Katy was a very lonely girl. She just didn't fit in. She was moving to a new school. She looked upon all the kids in the school getting along. She just wanted one friend to call her own.
Tom hated going to the mall. He wasn't a fan of people. He had to go buy something one day. He ran into an old classmate. Tom ignored him and kept walking.
Tim met a country girl. She wanted to take him on a date. They had a picnic and drank lemonade. They drank beer and watched the stars. Tim fell for her.
Everyone was eating dinner on the ship. After a few seconds, the ship ran into a large boulder. The right side of the ship tilted to the right. Everyone was dragged to the bottom of the ship. Some ended up falling into the water.
Gina has a sick puppy. It got into an open box of doggy biscuits. The poor thing ate the entire box of treats. Gina has to take her dog to the animal hospital. She now hides all doggy treats inside her pantry.
Dan loved when it rained. He just never understood why he couldn't find cats and dogs. Every time it was pouring his mom would tell him it was raining them. And every time he was disappointed. After about four Years And finally figured out it was just a phrase.
Hope was nervous. She was traveling to a place where the Zika virus was common. She kept spraying herself with bug spray. She didn't get any bug bites. Hope felt safe from the Zika virus.
Lewis was a great basketball player. He wanted to make it into the big leagues. He therefore played for his university. Luckily he ended up getting drafted. He could not believe it.
John and his family went to London for Spring Break. They visited many historical landmarks like the Tower of London. His daughter got her ears pierced at Harrod's. They dined at restaurants all over the city. Amazingly, the kids' favorite part was passing J K Rowling's car.
I met Michael on Christian Mingle. We talked for nearly a year before we decided to meet. Last December we met for the first time, in Singapore. While we were there Michael asked me to be his wife. I can't believe how happy I am to have found my soul mate.
Betty and Tom had always wanted to see Africa. They saved up a lot of money and planned a trip. When they arrived to the lodge they were very happy. They spent a few days taking pictures of all the animals they saw. When their trip was over they were very sad to leave the continent.
Sarah was playing with her cat. Her cat accidentally scratched her in the face. Her face started to turn red and swell up. Sarah went to the emergency room afterwards. She had to get a few stitches on her face.
Today I was walking to the gas station and I stepped on a nail. The nail went right into my foot. I ran home to tell my mom. My mom brought me to the hospital to get checked out. My wound was cleaned and it felt better after the hospital.
Kali wanted to make some money. He was applying for jobs everywhere. No one was calling him back for an interview. Kali knew he needed cash fast. He decided to start selling illegal drugs.
John loved chocolate milk. He knew it was unhealthy but he continued drinking it. He found a way to healthily incorporate it into his life. He would heavy weights four times per week. He used the milk for protein to help build muscle.
Mara got a new bicycle for her 7th birthday. She didn't know how to ride a bicycle, but she was determined to learn. Her Mother offered to get her training wheels, but she declined. She fell many times, but eventually she figured it out. Mara was proud that she learned to ride a bicycle on her own.
I bought some new sheets for my bed this weekend. After throwing them on the bed I went to sleep. They felt great! I woke up the next morning to them covered in dog hair. Now they look just like my old sheets.
Matt had a girlfriend that told him stories a lot. He liked her a lot but he hated her stories. He thought they were boring and annoying. He decided to tell her to stop telling stories. She got mad and they broke up.
Jimmy loved pandas. He heard that there were pandas at the local zoo. Jimmy asked his mom to take him to see the pandas. Jimmy's mom said that she would take him on Saturday. Jimmy was so happy that he cried tears of joy.
Erin was at her friend's house watching TV. She started feeling a strange pain in her right side. Trying to shake it off, she decided to walk home. When she got there, she was pale and almost doubled over in pain. Her mom quickly brought her to the ER to have her appendix out.
Ken had a crush on a girl. His friends pressured him into telling her. Ken walked up to her with the intention to do so. At the last minuted he lost his nerve. He kept walking past her.
Frida never yelled at her kids. Her kids were nice but rowdy. One day she had enough. So she scolded the children heavily. Now the kids behave a bit better.
Ray wanted a summer tan. Every day he laid out in his yard. He applied lotion and lay in the sun. Soon he was golden brown. By the end of summer he had a great tan!
John was running late for class. He quickly ran across the parking lot on a winter day. John didn't see the icy patch in the middle of the lot. He slipped and fell on the icy patch, causing him to get hurt. John no longer runs across the parking lot on icy days.
John was walking around his neighborhood and saw a ice cream store. He decided he wanted too some ice cream. John got a cone with chocolate ice cream. He licked the ice cream. It was a good ice cream.
Mark and Jessica were in a relationship and appeared to be in love. But Mark was secretly having an affair with her best friend. Jessica found out by accident when she snooped through his phone. She confronted Mark and he begged for her forgiveness. Jessica loved Mark and decided to give him a second chance.
My sister and I had finally gotten to decorate the Christmas tree. It was one of the first real trees we had gotten in years. We told stories about the ornaments as we hung them. We laughed as the cat and dog batted at the ornaments. It wasn't so funny when the tree was knocked over.
I was cooking chicken for a party. I needed to cook it fast. I took it out of the freezer and put it in the pan. When I cut the cooked chicken open, it was pink. So I decided to order pizza instead.
In college, I heard my first opera. It was called Marriage of Figaro. The singers sang in English so we could understand the words. It was a very funny story. I found out that day that I liked opera!
Sara went to the fair. She loves it and goes every year. This year, she got stuck for over an hour on the Sky Line. It scared her being up there alone all that time. Sara didn't go back to the fair for the rest of this year.
I just moved into a new apartment. Now I need to put up all of my wall decorations. I have nails and screws, but no tools. I am using a roll of quarters as a hammer. It is not working too well, and I will have to seek tools.
Adam is driving too fast down the road. His car started to make a loud noise. He pulled over to see what was wrong. The engine was smoking very badly. He backed away from the car and called for help.
Sean was at work when his boss announced a new fundraiser. Sean researched the organization further and admired the cause. He felt very passionate and decided to get involved himself. For the next few weeks he devoted his time to sharing info. Luckily he managed to raise lots of money for the group.
Matt went out to eat with his friends. They all decided at the end to dine and dash. Matt participated as well. After everyone went home Matt felt very bad about what they did. Matt went back to the restaurant and paid for everyone's food.
Every Friday, the girls from work get together to have a girl's night. Normally it's just lounging at home watching movies. Each of them brings a different snack for us to share. I usually bring the drinks. The hardest part though, is choosing which movie to watch.
Jeff insulted Carrie in school. He said that her shoes are extremely cheap. Carrie became offended by the comment and ran home. The next day, her brother confronted Jeff. He gave a Jeff a huge wedgie, and the whole class laughed at him.
Jill chose to go on vacation to learn to snowboard. She decided to take a snowboarding lesson at the mountain. She fell constantly and wanted to give up! After a few hours of practice, Jill went down a beginner trail. Jill hopes to return to the mountain again next year.
Jen woke up in the middle of the night. She heard her parents arguing. Eventually, broken glass noises occurred. Jen wanted to do something but she was too shy. Her mom came into her room after the fight.
Suzy went for her first horseback riding lesson. She was having fun. But then all the sudden she fell off the horse. She hurt her leg. It was painful and she had to go to the hospital.
Nancy was eager to showcase her talents in the competition. When it was time for her to take the stage, she froze. She had never experienced stage fright until now! She stood frozen until the music stopped. She was so embarrassed she ran home and cried.
I went to the store to buy new markers. I found some that were scented. I opened the caps and sniffed them all. My favorite was the grape one. It reminded me of grape flavored skittles.
Chris and Gia get ice cream every Sunday. They go to Baskin Robbins and get the same two scoops and flavors. Chris gets Cookie dough and Vanilla and Gia gets vanilla and coffee. After ordering and receiving their ice cream Chris noticed something. Chris received the wrong flavor ice cream and Gia received the right flavors.
Maria went online to buy a ticket to the movie. Since her job was reviewing movies, she used a company card to buy it. Maria put in the card's info on the ticket website. Maria confirmed the purchase online and the ticket was ready. Maria printed off the ticket for the 8:30 showing that night.
Bill was a first year college student. He was required to take a poetry class. He did not appreciate the class. He later matured and ended up appreciating the same poems. He reflected on this and it gave him a unique internal feeling.
The Pizza Man was known for his dough throwing skills. To draw in customers he stood outside and threw it very high. He missed one throw and the dough landed on a passing car. The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree. The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice.
Oliver took his granddaughter to the lake. On the dock, he set up some chairs and fishing poles. They sat together as he taught her how to bait a hook. Then, they talked and laughed for hours. At the end of the day, they packed up and went home.
Gina wanted to go to the store on her lunch break at school. But she had no money left. Her mom and dad were already gone to work. She found $3 in her mom's coat in the closet. Gina took the money, and went to school.
I wanted to see the world. So, I decided to travel to Greece. I learned so much about different cultures in Greece. I was glad for the opportunity to visit Greece. Alas, I lost my visa and couldn't leave Greece.
Eli was singing loudly to Sia's Cheap Thrills. Suddenly there was a banging on the door! The neighbors had called the cops because of the noise. Eli was very embarrassed because he thought no one could hear him. Eli started listening to his music with headphones.
Sally is so nervous about her college test she has next week. She needs to find time to study, but she has to work. She asked her friend to switch work shifts with her. This gave Sally time to study. Sally ended up passing the test and even got an A.
Larry was at a restaurant. He had called a cab to pick him up. It was getting to be almost an hour and no cab arrived. Larry called to ask what was up. It turned out that there was a mix up.
Our neighbor's child was two when we met. One day the child was sitting in her high chair. She was talking to my kids and laughing. Then she just fell asleep. Her mother said she has a strange napping habit.
Jane entered an art contest to win a scholarship. She painted a picture of her mom. Her friends helped critique her painting. Jane fixed up the painting. Jane won the contest and won the scholarship!
The light bulb in the garage door opener was broken. Samantha found out that it was the light socket. So she tried to replace it. When she did, the whole garage door opener died. So Samantha had to replace the whole garage door opener.
Bob guitar sounded very odd. He took it down to the local repair shop. They informed him that it was out of tune. Bob purchased a tuner for the guitar and tuned his strings. Bob's guitar now sounds great.
Roshan had never gone kayaking. He decided to kayak the Colorado River. He bought a kayak and drove up to the start of the river. He had never practiced kayaking before but he felt confident. Unfortunately, he drowned just forty meters downstream.
Ana was visiting a foreign country on vacation. She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus. Ana made sure to wear long sleeves and pants. She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her. Ana stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation!
Travis got a set of bocce balls for his birthday. Travis had never played with bocce balls before. He did not think that he would like the game. He sold his bocce ball set. With the money, Travis purchased a croquet set.
Lucy was having trouble memorizing her new piano song. The recital was in just three days. Discouraged, Lucy was tempted to quit. But Lucy kept trying and finally learned the piece. Lucy was proud to give a great performance at the recital!
Alfred loved banana pie. He wanted to bring pie to his work to share with his co workers. He told everyone how amazing his banana pie is. Alfred left the pie in the car on the day he brought it to work. The pie was ruined by the heat and he couldn't share his pie.
Charles' tenant usually paid rent on the first of the month. Now it is the fourth of the month. Charles went to his back-house to see his tenant. His tenant, who is a priest, didn't answer his door. Charles opened the door with a key and found his tenant dead.
Jame's devices are everywhere. It doesn't matter they don't actually work. The inspectors have put their stamp of approval on all of them. The people asking for their money back never get a return call. James now has more money than some small countries.
Mya was scared of the darkness ever since she was a toddler. She told her friends that the darkness would one day make her vanish. She was scared to sleep alone so she slept with her best friend. One night while she was out drinking she never returned home. Her last text was a picture of a dark corner with nothing else in it.
The man put on his overalls. He went to fasten a clasp. The clasp was missing. He tied his overalls up instead. They were more difficult to get off that night.
Curt loves his records. Curt also loves his mom and dad. his mom and dad became ill and now neither of them work. Curt sold his records to make money. He made forty dollars and gave it to his parents.
Ken ran through the freshly fallen snow. He began to roll up the snow into large balls. Before long, a snowman was made. Ken admired his creation, but felt something was missing. He ran inside to find a hat.
Leslie wanted to make a wonderful meal for her anniversary. She decided to make spaghetti, which was her husband's favorite. They had no spaghetti sauce, and Leslie hurried to the store. She got the sauce quickly, and had the meal ready just in time. Leslie and her husband had a lovely dinner together.
Jaime was adopted by a wealthy couple. She never thought they would abandon her. But Jaime moved in with her boyfriend when she turned 18. Six months later, Jaime needed some cash after she payed rent. Her parents said she was grown and they were finished giving her money.
Alex was selling his lemonade left and right, fist over fist. He'd picked a spot by the other vendors so the cops wouldn't bug him. Alex was flustered when circumstances suddenly turned sour. All the people who'd drunk his lemonade had become violently ill. Alex wondered if something in the lemon pledge might be somehow toxic.
Tom had white sofas. He had a date over at his apartment. They were drinking wine. The date spilled her cup on his sofa. Tom got angrier than he should.
Jim and Bob went hiking. Jim expected Bob to bring water bottles. But Bob forget them. When they decided to take a break, they realized they had no water. Jim and Bob were forced to turn around after hours of hiking.
The kids at school thought his red glasses looked pink. They made fun of him and said he was wearing a girl color. He was angry and sad that they were picking on him. He broke his glasses so he wouldn't have to wear them. He eventually told his mother the truth, but she wasn't mad.
Craig was at a school dance. They announced the last song. He spent most of the dance against the wall. He finally got the guts to ask out a girl he liked. Craig was politely shut down.
Yesterday I looked out the window and saw how sunny it was. I packed up my sunscreen and towel. Then I jumped into my car and headed to the coast. I spent the day running through the sand and playing in the water. When I got home I took a shower and went to bed.
Tom was really into motorcycles. He built up his own chopper. It was very well designed and aesthetically pleasing. Tom took it out and everyone complimented it. Someone even offered to buy it from him.
Andrea wanted her son to experience his first carnival. She bought him a wristband so he could try every ride. But her son only wanted to ride the baby rides. Andrea coaxed him to get on a ride that promised thrills. As the ride began to spin, the boy looked at Andrea with terror.
My boyfriend had a bad day. I asked him what happened. He told me it was really busy and he didn't get enough done. I gave him a hug to make him feel better. He didn't feel better.
Jim made himself a ham sandwich for lunch. He carefully stacked the ham and cheese on the bread. He was proud of his creation. He sat down to eat when the phone rang. When he got back, the dog was chowing down on his food.
Anna's parents took in a foster son. At first Anna was jealous. She did not want a brother stealing her mom's attention! But soon she grew to like the little boy. She was happy when her parents officially adopted him.
The couple loved watching beautiful scenery. They hiked to a waterfall to see that view. It was stunning! They took pictures and splashed around. They were happy to have made the trek to the beautiful spot.
Jennifer was a brilliant writer. Her favorite subject was children's books. She never had children so it was her way to connect to other kids. Her books always shared a lesson in morals or self esteem. Her most popular book won her a Pulitzer Prize and she was shocked!
Tom always listened to pop and rock music. One evening he went with his girlfriend to the symphony. He was impressed by the passion of the conductor and players. Tom began looking more into classical music. Now Tom is a huge fan of classical music, preferring it over pop!
I was on the soccer team as a kid. As I was playing, I got extremely tired and felt I needed to stop. I lied and said that I was having an asthma attack. They pulled me out of the game. I rested for the remainder of the game and held my secret.
I had to tell the lifeguard my name. He had pulled me out of the water. He had to jump in and get me. I liked to go to the deep end of the pool. It was a wave pool.
Megan saw a poster for an upcoming play. She read the script and saw a part that she wanted to play. For the next two months she practiced all the lines. At the day of the audition, she impressed the director a lot. The director gave her the part right on the spot.
Last Friday, I was invited to a happy hour. I learned a friend of mine was leaving my company. I was initially surprised. Then I realized that several of my friends have my company recently. It got me thinking that I could use a new job.
Susie always had a balance on her credit card. But she kept putting off paying it. Finally she had enough. She decided to pay it. The next week her credit score rose.
Cathy is the CEO of a very large company. She holds unpopular beliefs and makes donations to fund them. The internet continues to protest her stories. Her company just gets more and more business from the attention. Cathy plans on donating to more unpopular causes.
Jensen bought a new guitar to impress his friends. He learned a few chords but his fingers hurt very much. As he loved having no calluses on his skin, he left the guitar alone. He bought a piano instead. And when he was good at it, he payed for his friends to impress them.
The quarterback threw the ball. The receiver dropped the pass. The coach pulled the receiver out of the game. The quarterback threw the ball to his backup. The backup receiver made a great catch.
Cletus owns a farm. One day, he noticed all of his cows were making noise. Cletus ran outside and saw a wolf circling the cow pen! Cletus yelled and ran towards the wolf until it fled. Cletus was very thankful his cows were unharmed.
Mark needed to write a book report about a heroic person. He wasn't sure who to ask and didn't feel like he knew anyone heroic. He sat on his front step, worrying about his problem. The mailman arrived and Mark decided to ask him for an interview. He realized making sure people got important mail was a hero's job.
Linda was a very hard working woman. She felt like she wasn't getting paid fairly. She stormed into her bosses office. Demanding a raise to rival that of her male counterparts. Linda was terminated for her behavior.
Jay wanted to be a movie star. He wanted to be famous. He went to acting school. However, he dropped out. It turns out he needed to focus on paying bills.
Ted had to move back in with his parents because he ran out of money. He Had bad spending habits which drove him into debt. Moving back home was a wake up call for Ted. He made a budget for himself and got a second job. Now he is debt free and looking to move out again.
Bert was waiting at the airport when there was a bomb alert. The whole airport became chaotic in a matter of minutes. As Bert didn't like crowds, he panicked. He left the airport in a hurry. In his car, he called his agent to reschedule his flight.
Sam's car needed new struts. It would wobble down the road and be hard to steer. He bought new struts. He then took out the old ones. His car was like new now.
Tom was waiting in line for food. All of a sudden zany things started happening around him. Tom was rightfully amused. A person with a microphone came out and told Tom what was going on. He was on a hidden camera television show.
Ryan never wanted to go to summer camp but his parents made him. He dreaded being in a cabin with a bunch of people he didn't know. When he got there he met some people who felt the same way. The three boys stuck together the whole week and became friends. Ryan couldn't wait to go next year to see his buddies.
Tim lived with several roommates. He was trying to brush his teeth in the morning. He didn't realize he used someone else's toothbrush. Tim apologized and replaced it. It was gross but things worked out ok.
Julie did not feel good. She went to see a doctor. He could not find anything. She came home and passed gas. She felt much better.
Jeff was being punished by his mother for bad grades. She made him sit in the corner for as long a large candle burned. Jeff tried everything to make the candle melt faster. Alas, the candle burned slowly. By the time it burned out, Jeff was fast asleep in the corner.
Jimmy Jackson was a prison guard. One day he was asked to watch over a high security offender. He spent most of the day monitoring him closely. Until the prisoner escaped as he was eating lunch. The prisoner was hungry too, so he got a burger and was recaptured.
I met JC on a forum for mturk. We fell for each other fast. I kicked out my husband and he filed for divorce. I went to get JC to come live with me. I was finally going to find my happiness.
Jimmy had an important interview to get to in the morning. Jimmy however, had stayed up late the past night. When his alarm went off in the morning Jimmy kept hitting snooze. After a few snoozes, Jimmy's alarm turned off. When Jimmy finally woke up he had missed his interview.
I was on the way to the office last week. All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains. I decided to get a quick slice of pizza. But every place I went to was too busy. I wound up craving it until lunch.
Dylan sped down the road to get to his appointment. He drove so fast, his car spun out of control. It hit a large tree, nearly knocking it over. The ambulance asked him why he was in such a hurry. But he'd hit his head so hard, he couldn't recall.
Natalie was doing laundry. She was trying to hang some clothes to dry. As she went through her pile she realized she was one short. She went to her closet and found one more hanger. When she grabbed it though it snapped, leaving her hangerless.
It was going to feel like it was over a hundred degrees today. I woke up wanted to go swimming and enjoy the summer day. When I got outside I realize the air was heavy and my asthma acted up. I quickly went back inside to decide if I wanted to go for a swim. I decided not to go swimming and watch a movie in the a/c instead.
An archeologist left home for a journey to south america. When he arrived, he checked into a hotel and got rest. When he woke up in the morning, he travelled to a remote rainforest. Shortly after arriving, the archeologist discovered a buried pyramid. He quickly returned to his hotel and called his colleagues.
Jason accepted a survey where he predicted passing yards in football. He had a potential bonus of over $4 depending on how well he did. He achieved a bonus of a dollar ninety-two. The next week, he was not eligible so his wife accepted the survey. She got a bonus of two dollars fifty-four and enjoyed telling Jason.
Zach was born after the millennium but felt he belonged in the 70's. He loved bell bottom pants and afro haircuts. For his birthday, he received a Bee Gee's collection of old LPs. He thanked his friends by throwing a big disco party. And later, they spoke of world peace around a fire all night.
Ellen was very excited to go to swim camp. On the first day of camp she woke up early so she wouldn't be late. Ellen got to swim camp and eagerly waited for it to begin. Ellen learned many new swim strokes at swim camp. She enjoyed it so much she couldn't wait to go back the next year.
Cindy was riding home from school on a bus. And another student offered her a leftover sandwich. Cindy was hungry and quickly ate it. But a few minutes later, her stomach began to turn. Cindy instantly ran out of the bus at its next stop.
Tom was putting up some posters in his dorm. He dropped a thumb tack. Tom looked around but couldn't find it. A while later Tom tried to go to sleep. He was poked by the lost tack in the process.
Harry needed to save his friend. He was told where the friend would be. Luckily Harry had the skills to defeat his friend's captors. His friend was happy to be saved. They traveled safely home.
Kelly was running late in the airport. She needed to call her husband to tell him. She reached for her phone but realized she had no power. There were no outlets available for her to use. As a result she had to ask a stranger to borrow their phone.
They saw a White Castle while in Michigan. They felt like they had to try it. So they ordered some burgers and a shake. It was a unique taste. They liked it but not enough to get it again.
Megan loved working on the reconciliation of Printer costs. Unfortunately, fifteen printers were added within three months. This resulted in Megan working 7 hours of overtime consistently. Megan gave a report to her Manager of the volume change and overtime. As a result, the Manager decided to hire two new assistants for Megan.
Suzy wanted to get pregnant. So she met with the fertility specialist. Her doctor said she had a good chance. Suzy couldn't believe it. She was thrilled.
Ema had never tried seafood. She was at the buffet one day and saw crab legs. She decided to try them. To her surprise, Ema thought they were good. She decided to eat seafood often from now on!
Suzy was invited to afternoon tea. She had never attended one before. But when she got there there were etiquette lessons. Suzy was taught proper behavior. It was quite an event.
Sophie started a new class today on painting. She was super excited when she went to school. In her new class she learned a lot on the first day. The teacher talked about colors, brushes, and different canvases. Sophie couldn't wait for the rest of her class.
John's cat was his best friend. One day he didn't come inside at night. John was so sad he could barely get out of bed. After four days, his cat came back! John hugged his cat and gave him special food as a treat.
Mike was getting dressed for work. Suddenly his shirt caught on the doorway. As he yanked himself free, one of his buttons ripped off of his shirt. Luckily, his wife offered to fix it. She sewed it up quickly and he wasn't even late for work.
Ike vowed to quit smoking cigarettes. He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches. He stuck to his plan for over a week. But then his cravings became too strong to resist. Ike sadly went back to smoking cigarettes.
Dylan wanted to feed the dog. He couldn't go over to the dog because he was in a high chair. Dylan took a glob of his baby food and chucked it on the floor. The dog walked over and licked it up. Dylan laughed heartily at the sight and threw more food.
Chester approached the woman in the bar. The woman looked annoyed to see him. Chester started to walk away. The woman called to him. Chester spoke to the woman.
The next morning, my phone started ringing. I looked at the ID and saw it was Michelle, Adam's sister. I couldn't answer it because I knew in my gut what she would say. I finally called her back and asked why he died. It felt like a part of me had died with him.
I took my daughter into the grocery store. I had my shopping list already. I was hoping to get some great deals. I forgot my coupons. Shopping would have to wait for another day.
Rich came home from vacation and was horrified. For some reason, his house smelled really bad! He wandered around, looking for the source of the smell. He found a gallon of sour milk on the table. Rich opened windows to dissipate the smell.
Margaret lived in Oakland. She wanted to move to New York. She called her family in New York to ask if she could stay with them. They agreed to let her live with them for four months. Margaret moved to New York to live with her family.
Charlie's neighbors were making too much noise. He needed to sleep for work in the morning. Charlie's phone calls went unanswered. Charlie went over to air his grievances. Charlie was finally able to get his sleep.
Tina and Mark were looking for a new house. Mark wanted something with a contemporary feel. Tina was a bit more old fashioned. They looked at everything on the market but couldn't compromise. I feel sorry for the builder they hired!
Jenn was driving on the highway when she felt a thump. She pulled over to see what the problem was. She discovered she had a flat tire because she drove over a nail. The tow truck arrived an hour after she called. Now Jenn is late for work and has a big mechanic's bill.
Amy loved salad. She was excited to discover there was a salad bar restaurant. She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers. Amy gladly loaded up her salad. Amy loved the salad so much she returned with friends.
I wanted to have my own aquarium with tropical fish. My parents told me I would have to take care of the fish myself. I went to the library and read all of the books about aquarium care. When I learned enough my parents agreed I could have the aquarium. I was so proud that I had learned new things and enjoyed my new pets.
The Allen Family went on vacation this past summer. They planned on staying for two weeks. The first week past without an issue. Unfortunately there was a hurricane heading to their vacation spot. The family had to leave a few days early.
Mark and Courtney were planning on going to prom. Courtney had bought a purple dress. Mark rented a black tuxedo with purple trim. They got dressed up and went to the prom. They looked good together and won prom king and queen.
Randy is planning a trip with his two sons. He needs the perfect idea to bond with them. He thinks back to what his dad did with him. He takes the boys fishing. The two boys Bond with their father and have a great day fishing.
It was hot in Tim's room. So he decided to open his window. His patio, however, was filled with old, dirty boxes and junk. Tim's room became cooler. But its air quality became worse.
I had a boyfriend when I was young. I loved him so much. He fell in love with someone else. We decided to split up. I am still hurt that I lost him.
The students loved science class. They had a real skeleton that they could touch. They learned about the different bones. When it was time to take a test, they all knew the answers. The skeleton taught them so much!
Janice looked at her bags of trash with pride. All summer, she had carefully saved bottles and cans. When she turned them in, she earned $7! It was enough for a large frozen yogurt with all the toppings! Instead, she took a friend and they both got small yogurts together.
Tara went to the shoe store to look for new shoes. She didn't see any shoes that she liked. As she was leaving, an employee accused her of shoplifting. Tara showed the employee that there were no shoes in her bag. Tara was upset and vowed to never go back to that store.
Margo liked to smoke. She hid this from everyone she knew. One afternoon, Margo was smoking in her chair. She fell asleep and accidentally burned down the house. Now everyone knows Margot smokes.
Sarah started a philosophy blog. She wanted to discuss epistemology with like minded folks online. Her blog received a paltry trickle of visitors. More upsetting was the fact that it garnered no comments. Sarah later found success blogging about celebrity dresses.
Kathie fell from her bicycle. She bumped her head pretty hard on the ground. Kathie stood up dazed. A stranger escorted her to a hospital. Kathie was treated for a mild concussion.
Paul had a crippled hand. He was bullied at school because of it. One day, Paul decided to chop it off. His sister Evelyn stopped him, and they shared a cry. Paul embraced who he was from that day onward.
Neil had just arrived in Italy. He was starving! He knew exactly what he wanted to eat. Since he was in Italy, he wanted Italian. He decided to eat a big plate of pasta!
Bob's doorknob was broken. He decided to go to the store to get a new doorknob. He bought the most expensive one they had. Unfortunately, the doorknob was not the correct size. The store did not let Bob return the doorknob so he lost his money.
Doris' parents sat her down for a serious chat. She was so worried about what it could be. She was so sad to hear them announce that they were divorcing. Doris cried all night about the new situation. By morning she had realized she wanted her parents to be happy.
I lost my job. I had difficulty buying healthy food because of a lack of money. I contacted a local service agency for help. They agency referred me to a food bank. I registered at the bank and received nutrition food.
Sam made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He received a phone call and stepped into the other room. When he got back, his sandwich was gone. Sam looked around and saw his dog. His dog was eating his sandwich.
Stacey and her dad decided to go meet at a rock wall. The two put their harnesses on and started climbing. Stacey had a ton of fun. She raced her dad to the top. She ended up winning.
Kate wanted to move to Japan. But it seemed difficult to get a visa. She didn't want to teacher English. And she didn't know the language well enough for translation work. So she decided to meet a Japanese man online and get a marriage visa.
Tyler is afraid of snakes. His friends want to help him. His friends take him to a pet store. They make him pet the snake. Tyler pets the snake and faces his fear.
Thomas came home from school. He put off doing his homework because he didn't have much to do. Thomas planned on doing his homework after dinner. He began to watch a movie after dinner. Thomas forgot to do his homework.
My dog was out in the rain all day today. I forgot to bring him in from outside. When I brought him inside he smelled really bad. I had to bathe him immediately. I will never leave my dog out in the rain again.
I came in from work and wanted to watch TV. I looked all over the living room for the remote. I asked the kids where they left it. None of the kids knew where the remote was. My dog then ran through the room carrying the remote in his mouth.
Dan's father left his family when he was young. He never knew much about him. He was able to track him down later in his life. His father agreed to meet with him. It was awkward and unsatisfactory.
Lucy wanted to go to the dance. Lucy was getting ready to leave. She realized she had nobody to go with. She was frantic and asked her friend to go with her. He accepted and they danced happily all night.
My sister-in-law and her daughter both smoke. Her daughter has asthma and uses an inhaler. My sister-in-law has shortness of breath. One day the daughter ran out of her inhalant and borrowed her mom's. I suggested they both stop smoking.
Toby and his dad were at the store. They were going to buy an aquarium and some fish. Toby was very happy because he had wanted fish for a long time. They got everything from the store setup and put the fish in. Toby was so happy watching the fish swim around.
My bike broke last week while I was riding it. Luckily I did not get hurt. Mom came home today with a new one. She picked my favorite color red. I couldn't have picked a better bike.
I came home one day to find the basement flooded. I wasn't sure what caused it at first. I then realized the sump pump stopped working. I went to the hardware store to get a replacement. I quickly hooked it up and the problem was resolved.
I opened the fridge to find something to eat. I saw chocolate cake and cheese. I couldn't decide if I wanted cake or chocolate. I reached for the cake. Then I changed my mind and ate cheese instead.
The kids woke up on Christmas morning. They knew Santa had come. They ran down stairs to check their stockings. Christmas had begun. The family sat fireside enjoying a beautiful Christmas morning.
One day a man sat down to watch some TV on his satellite dish. However, a great storm was forming above his house. His TV wouldn't show his favorite programs. Because he couldn't watch TV, he rekindled his marriage with his wife. They were both better off for the storm coming in.
Serena didn't like sport activities at school. Every day she had to play with her friends when she wanted to read. One day, she hurt her ankle and sprained it badly. Instead of being sad, she was extremely pleased. She spent the next few weeks in the library reading books.
The dropoff in the rushing water was mere inches away. Tyson had to act quickly or he would be swept away by the current! Trying not to panic, he clung for dear life to the pole overhead. He cried out for help, hoping someone was nearby to aid him. Bored of waiting, the next kid in line pushed him down the waterslide.
Milton was just a good ole country boy. He wanted to sing country music. He had his eye on this white girl in school. Milton went up to her and put some moves on her. Milton got slapped and the girl ran away crying.
Emma was letting her toddler play with an heirloom book. Suddenly, he swiped the book with a marker. A big blue mark went across the page. Emma was so worried that it was permanently ruined. Luckily, the marker came off with a wet cloth.
Our carpets are being cleaned Thursday. We are trying to get as much stuff off the floor as possible. I am disabled and cannot lift things. My wife texted my son for help. He is coming over on Wednesday.
Daniel was interested in buying a house. He contacted a local real estate agent about viewing a few houses. He found one that was 20 minutes away from work. He decided to put an offer on the house. The seller accepted the offer right away.
Sarah went to the used car dealership looking for a car. She found a really great silver wagon for a good price. However, when she took the car to the mechanic she was disappointed. The mechanic informed her there were many problems with the car. Sarah couldn't justify purchasing the car, and still rides her bike.
Charles hated job hunting during the Christmas season. He found it impossible to find a job during that time. He sent his mom an e-mail asking to come home and then his phone rang. It was December 18 and a company wanted to interview him. They hired Charles and he worked a whole week before Christmas break.
Leo was throwing a huge party, the invitations were in the mail. Inviting all of his friends, family and coworkers for a Friday party. Finally the day was here, and Leo had everything set up. Food, drinks, games and lots of really good music. However, Leo never put stamps on the invites and no one came.
Jake loved his girlfriend. Unfortunately she didn't feel the same. He tried to make things work. She didn't want to. They wound up breaking up over the weekend.
Matt was in a design class. He learned how to take pictures. He had to buy Photoshop. He struggled for a bit. He got really good after a while.
Jim got new shoes. They were a big upgrade from his old shoes. The next day someone stole them. Jim was mad. The thief ended up feeling bad and returning the shoes.
The family had waited all year for this night. Their favorite show was coming back! They sat on the sofa and waited. The show popped up on the screen and they cheered. They couldn't wait to see what had happened!
Paul was abused by his mother as a young boy. One day he decided he wouldn't take it any more and he ran away. He hitchhiked his way to another state and lived in the woods. He stayed in the woods for the rest of his life. The solitude of the woods was better than the abuse.
Sierra and I went to the gym everyday to get healthy. Today, I was tired and didn't want to go at all. She came and picked me up and I went with no intention to run. After we arrived, I decided to run anyways and was glad I did. I lost an additional five pounds and will continue to keep going.
Lisa decided to rearrange her furniture. She pulled out her couch and discovered ten bones! She looked at her dog and started laughing. She was wondering where he had been hiding them! From then on, she always knew where to look for his bones.
Nicole loved wearing mittens. She liked how they kept her arms warm. One day, she tried to find her purple mittens. She searched for hours and hours. Finally, she found the mittens in her car.
Lulu and the girls were having a trip in Montana. They were chilling in the living room. To their surprise they saw a bear. The girls screamed. However the bear was simply their friend in a costume.
Danny hated school more than anything else. He especially hate Mr Johnson's English class. He decided that instead of going to class, he would hide. He hid in the bathroom, but one of the students told on him. Danny ended up getting detention for a week with Mr. Johnson
Marty always liked Christmas time because she collects angels. One day Marty saw a pretty angel in a store window. She had an appointment and could not buy it right then. When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone. To Marty's surprise her son bought the angel to give her as a gift.
Allie had a new laptop. But a few days later it broke. Allie was so upset. She had spent all that money. But luckily she still had a warranty.
Abby and Lily wanted to earn some extra money one hot summer. They decided they would sell delicious homemade lemonade. They set up their lemonade stand at the end of their driveway. Soon, they had people stopping to taste their tasty lemonade. At the end of the day, they had enough money to buy some treats!
Maddie was fighting with her brother. Things were getting loud and she suddenly smacked him. He was so mad, he kicked her. Both of them were really hurt and their mom was angry. They were both sent to their rooms and grounded.
Gina was texting answers to Grace during the text. The teacher heard the phone ring. He took the phone away from Gina. Instead of failing them, he had to fail the entire class. Everyone yelled at Gina after class.
One day Rick was at daycare He was waiting for daddy to pick him to go home. When the lady came to get him to leave he expected to see his dad. Rick was surprised to see his mom instead. Rick began to cry when he realized daddy wasn't coming.
Matt and his two brothers liked to wrestle a lot. They were always coming back home full of mud. Their mother told them many times to stop. But the three brothers still fought and soiled their clothes. Their mom bought them special clothes and the matter was resolved.
Sharon loved to play the banjo. She loved it so much that she played it every day. One day, Sharon's banjo broke. Sharon was very upset but then she went to the store. Sharon purchased a new banjo for a very good price.
Matt was an avid golfer. Matt invited his friends to join him. Matt's friends never golfed before. Matt's friends had more fun offroading in the golf cart. Matt scoffed and laughed at the same time at his friend's behavior.
I went to the store to buy some tape and flour. There was a sale on sugar so I bought that too. Holding the tape, flour and sugar was tricky so I got a basket. I brought the basket to the cashier. He rang me up and I paid for my goods.
Rachel hadn't see a doctor in awhile. She needed to get her blood drawn. But, she was very afraid of needles! She went to her appointment despite her fear. However, when the doctor drew her blood, she fainted.
I got a hamburger on the way home from work. Afterwards, I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet. I ate an extra-healthy dinner that night. The next day I had a nutritious breakfast and lunch. Proud of myself, I treated myself to a hamburger on the way home.
My brother bought a pet snake. He forgot to put the lid on its cage and it escaped! He looked all over the house and could not find it. Today, when he was watching TV, he saw it slither across the screen. He grabbed the snake and put it back in its cage.
Tom was at a party. Suddenly a drunk guy went up to him. The drunk guy punched tom. Tom was upset. Tom left the party.
Bo loved beer, drank it regularly. On Tuesday Bo drank too much and passed out in his chair. When he woke up he saw over 20 hours had passed. He missed a dinner with his friend and he missed work. It wasn't the first time but it turned out to be the last.
Mathias had epilepsy ever since he could remember, as a child even. He tried living the best life he could, although at times he was sad. He loved to dance and would strive to do it despite his predicament. One night at a local event he had a seizure while trying to perform. He died and became a local hero, inspiring all those like himself.
I had to do my laundry the other day. I had at least 5 loads to do. My roommates were very upset at me. I was using the laundry machine all day. I think I'll go to a laundromat next time I do laundry.
Judy and Nicole decided to spend a weekend at the beach. They put some clothes and food in their backpacks. They grabbed some money and departed. The spent the two days enjoying the sun and the sea. Judy and Nicole had a wonderful time.
A little baby was born. Her parents saw she had hair all over her. They asked the doctor if this was normal. The doctor said it was. It eventually fell off.
Dan loved collecting stamps. Dan decided he would take his stamps to be appraised. During the appraisal, Dan became nervous about the process. After the appraisal, Dan got the greatest news ever. Dan found out his stamp collection was worth $50,000!
Rina had never been to the dentist as a child. Now she was 25 and her teeth hurt her constantly. Finally she scraped up some money and courage and went to a dentist. To her surprise, he was kind and very helpful! He worked out a payment plan to fix Rina's teeth!
My mom went into the kitchen to prepare coffee. She placed several coffee beans into the machine with water. The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled. My mom's shirt ended up soaked. In addition, her stomach was burning from the hot water.
Tim borrowed his parent's car. He told them he was driving to the library. Instead he drove his friends around while drinking. Tim got into a car accident. His parents took away his driving privileges.
The judge walked into the courtroom in silence. He took his seat while everyone watched. On his chair was an envelope. He opened it and saw a lot of money. The judge hid the envelope from sight and pretended not to see it.
Sarah and Dave had been looking forward to this for so long. Their big day was finally here. Everyone they loved were all seated in the church. When Sarah walked down the aisle Dave cried. She was so beautiful.
A hurricane was coming. We boarded up the windows and closed the doors. When it was finally here it rained for hours. When it was over we stepped outside. Just as we had hoped, everything was still okay.
Sherrill wanted to take her husband to the circus. Her husband considered it low-brow entertainment. They compromised on seeing a cirque du soleil show. Sherrill got her circus and her husband got his high-brow show. They both felt that it was the right choice, in retrospect.
Granny always loved to bake. She made all kinds of different goodies. The grandkids' favorite, though, was her cookies. Granny spent a day making 400 cookies. Granny delivered them to the kids, who enjoyed every bite of them.
Herman was getting tired of his store-bought coffee. He decided to buy the beans and brew it himself. His first batch came out weak and terrible. His second batch was a little better. He kept improving, and in time was brewing great coffee.
An bird made a new nest for her children. She started out putting the twigs together. Then added some grass to make it cozy. The little birds loved it, and rested in the nest. She slept next to them in their new nest.
Polly was very ill with the flu. She stayed in bed all day with the sniffles. Her mother made her Campbell soup for lunch. Her mother even read bedtime stories to Polly. Polly got much better thanks to her mother.
I went into the kitchen to cook dinner. I put vegetables and a knife on the counter. I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife. I felt a sharp pain and saw a dark red liquid. I looked down to see that I had deeply cut my finger.
It was Kate's last high school track meet and she wanted to do well. Her legs were injured but she didn't care, she'd still run. As the relay started, Kate's team was behind. Then it was Kate's turn as her teammate handed her the button. Kate ran her heart out, caught the team up, and they won the gold.
Billy wanted tacos for dinner. He drove to the nearest taco place and ordered. He asked for 50 tacos. He ate them all that night. He also called in sick for work the next day.
Alicia was cooking some stew. As she went to go taste it, she burned herself. Alicia yelped in pain. She saw her finger was all red. So she put some aloe on it and in a few hours it go better.
Alice was at school, sitting through a monotonous lecture. Her mind began to wander. Before she knew it, she was flying in the sky, dancing through clouds. A sharp voice snapped Alice back to reality. Alice got in trouble again by her teacher.
A carnival was coming to town. Dalton loved to ride the ferris wheel. Dalton's mother warned him not to eat before getting on the ride. Dalton ate lots of carnival food that night. Dalton got sick on the ride.
Jessie wanted to go to a new club everyone was talking about. She and her friends dressed in their nicest club attire. They walked into the club. Everyone was giving them attention. They felt anxious and then left.
Jason did not like many aquatic animals. He specifically hated squids though. One day, Jason went diving. Suddenly, Jason saw a squid in real life. After that, Jason became very interested about squids.
Tom was invited to a party. He wasn't much of a beer drinker. He got whatever he saw on sale. Everyone at the party was a bit disappointed. Tom came off seeming cheap.
The Kelly family owns an free range chicken farm. Their son, Arthur, has recently asked for a dog. Arthur researched and knows which breed he wants and where to get it. Author's sister tells him that dogs in stores are often mistreated. The Kelly family agrees to adopt a dog instead.
Hayley got tickets to go see her favorite band in concert. She was super excited! The day before the concert she got super sick. She was really worried she wouldn't be able to go. She ended up feeling well enough to see the show!
Once there was a family that was happy with their plow man. He cleared their driveway whenever the snow was a problem. One year, the plow man got greedy and plowed for now reason. He continued to act this way despite being confronted by the family. The plow man got fired and a new plow man took his place.
Gabe was in ballet class. But he felt weird being the only guy there. He eventually decided to quit. But his teacher found his decision surprising. For years, Gabe still wanted to do ballet but felt too ashamed.
Gina's baby was quietly sitting on the couch. Gina was on her way to sit after grabbing a bowl of food. While she was about to rest herself, she stared at the bowl. She didn't notice the baby and ended up sitting on her. The baby had to cry in order for Gina to notice.
Billy decided he wanted to be on the school basketball team. He practiced shooting baskets all summer. By the time tryouts came, Billy was really good at shooting. The other kids were really impressed with Billy. The coach made Billy a starter on the basketball team.
She had asked if he would mind cutting her lawn. She was getting up in age and her husband had died. It was too much work to do herself. She she asked him and he said yes. They bonded over this moment and became friends for life.
John went to the store. John wanted to buy a soft drink and some chips. John did not have enough money when he was confronted by the cashier. A woman had paid for the rest of John's transaction. John felt fortunate and thanked the woman.
Jenny took her nephew from his mom's hands. As she was twirling him in the air, he started to shake. He looked at Jenny and slapped her directly in the face. Damon grabbed her nephew before he fell from her hands. Jenny took some time to get back her eyesight.
Martin was studying very hard to become a priest. As he had no intention to fall in love, it worked well for him. But one day, while he walked down the street, a woman was crying. Full of empathy, he went to console her. And he knew he was in love when their eyes met.
Last week Lance told a hilarious joke. None of us expected it. Jimbo laughed so hard milk came out of his nose. That made everyone laugh even more. Which made more milk come out.
I used to visit my cell phone company daily. You could make calls from the phones on display. No one said anything for about a month. They finally said I had to stop. It was fun to try different phones.
Allie loved dogs. She saw a dog on the sidewalk today. She decided to pet it. When she did however, it bit her. Allie was yelling in pain.
My house was being hit by heavy winds and rainy. I was impatiently waiting for the storm to clear up. Once the rainy toned down, I got inside my car and headed to work. However, the storm reappeared. I cautiously drove with my emergency lights on.
Tommy enjoys playing video games on his xbox. He wants a new game for his birthday. He asks his mother and she says no. He asks his father and he says no. They were lying the whole time and got him the game he wanted.
Ted drove his car to school everyday. He was a good driver and always obeyed the traffic laws. One day, he was on his way to school and he was hit from behind. He got out of the car and realized a friend from school had hit him. He ended up giving his friend many driving tips.
Allie thought she was having fun hanging with Fred. But all of the sudden he stopped seeing her. Allie did not know what the issue was. So she asked fred. Fred did not like her anymore.
Ava threw a party. It was her very first party. She tried to ensure all her guests had fun. After the party she asked for feedback. Everyone said Ava had been a great hostess!
Penelope was getting married. She was out shopping for a dress. She tried on a tight one but didn't like it. Next she tried on a lacey one, but wasn't sure. Finally, she settled on a tulle gown.
Dennis flirted with the girl at the bar. The girl asked Dennis to buy her a drink. She drank the drink quietly. After she was done, she left the bar. Dennis went to another bar to try again.
Nate became a professor of economics. He was hired by a small college. He taught microeconomics and macroeconomics. The students all liked Nate and gave him good reviews. Nate was promoted to the head of the business department.
Randy was trying to rush out of the highway. However, his truck ran out of gas. It slowly pulled over on the side of the road. On the same note, his phone had no signal around the area. He had to manually push his car to get out of the highway.
I was in the store with my grandma. Grandma liked to hold my hand so i wouldn't get lost. I let go of grandma's hand. Moments later i am lost. I go and search for grandma find her and take her hand again.
John and Marsha were friends but had a bad argument. They had a hard time making up. So their friend Tim asked them both over for dinner. John and Marsha accepted the invitation and had a good time. After the dinner John and Marsha felt like friends again.
Nina demanded the man turn around. She was certain he was her ex-boyfriend. She wanted to yell at him some more about the past. But when the man turned around, it was someone else. Nina felt very embarrassed and walked away after apologizing.
He wrapped his arm around her neck. He cuddled close against her. She suddenly had an urge to cough. He jerked away, frustrated. He said he didn't like her hot breath on him when she coughed.
Margaret and Truman were discussing what kind of house to buy. Margaret wanted to get a townhouse near the coast. Truman wanted to get a cottage near the campgrounds. They found a cottage-like house that was right on the water. They decided to compromise and secured a loan for the house.
Bob took his daughter to the ZOO. She was happy to see all the animals. In the primate house a monkey came to say hi to them. The little girl got scared. They run away from there.
Laura started having an allergic reaction while out to eat! We weren't sure what exactly she ate. She was allergic to quite a few things so it was difficult. We figured since it wasn't a big reaction that she was fine. After we made it home her allergic reaction stopped and she was fine.
I went to buy a new hat the other day. I went to buy my hat at the mall. The hat store was closed when I got there. So I had to go the hat store across town. After driving all the way, I found out that hat store was closed too!
Victoria was talking to a man she met on the internet. They went out on several dates. She thought they had a nice time together. She began to worry when he stopped responding to her text messages. Victoria, although upset, gave up on the idea of that relationship.
Mac went fishing with his father-in-law. They were both fishing from the dock. His father-in-law left a pole sitting on the dock. Mac accidentally kicked the pole into the water. Mac had to buy his father-in-law a new fishing pole.
I used to be a big couch potato in college. Sometimes I would skip class and watch television for hours. It got to the point where I was failing three classes. My dad sat me down and told me to get my life together. I sold my television and now my grades have gone up.
Everyday a group of high school students held a contest at lunch. They mixed pizza, milk, corn, and everything the cafeteria offered. Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money. One day, a student threw up in class after lunch. The group never held the disgusting contest again.
Tonight I parted with my ARCNet active hub. It was a sturdy heavy duty piece of equipment. It's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station. It broke my heart to get rid of it. I threw it away because no one uses that technology any more.
John went on a trip alone. He went to Paris. It was a very romantic place. John felt more alone than ever. He regretted his trip and went home early.
Bryan was trying to do his homework, but his dogs were barking. His dogs were hungry and they had no food. Bryan was forced to go out and buy food. Bryan bought food in bulk for his dogs. The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work.
Joe wanted to be better at math. So he bought math textbooks and began to practice. But he didn't think he was improving quickly enough. So he lost all motivation to practice. Later, Joe realized if he were more patient he would have improved.
Tim had had a cold for weeks. Finally he went to the doctor. She told Tim he had a bad case of pneumonia! He had to be hospitalized for days. There, he finally began to feel better.
Shana bought a new car and wrecked it on her way home from the dealer. She was so upset she began to cry. When she got home, her insurance company called her. The insurance specialist assured her she would have a better car. She received her new car a week later and was happy.
I saw this really nice car the other day. It was driving the highway. It had this awesome metallic paint color. I have no idea what kind of car it was. I plan on looking it up.
Josh craved jelly beans. Josh was on his way home. He went to the nearest store. He looked in the store and found jelly beans. He eat some in the car.
Every year the fair came to town in September. Johnny and his friend Freddy looked forward to it. On opening night, Johnny's parents took them. The first thing they did was head to the midway to play games. They both won stuffed animals and a basketball.
I opened my first bank account when I was 10 years old. In those days banks paid 5 1/4% interest! I enjoyed seeing my money compounding quickly. Every time I received a gift of money, I would put it in my account. It wasn't long before I had $100 saved!
John was driving on the highway. John saw someone who wanted a pickup. John decided to give the person a ride. The person turned out to be a rich person. The rich person gave John ten thousand dollars for the ride.
Anna entered her county fair pie baking contest. She hoped to place, but she never expected to win first prize! When she won the gold ribbon, she was amazed. She cried with joy, elated. Then she graciously thanked everyone who had voted for her.
James had a vision of a product to save lives. It would protect people from harm. It'd also make him rich. His engineers told him it couldn't possibly be done. James went to market with the idea, anyway.
Adrian and Abriel were twins. They loved to do everything together. They spent all afternoon playing board games. After playing Candyland they both had ice-cream. They both shared their favorite flavor.
Terrance is at a party. He takes a few sips of punch. He starts feeling woozy. He needs to sit down. He sits down and falls asleep.
Amy and Beth were playing in Beth's yard. The girls didn't notice the sun was setting. As dusk arrived fireflies came out. Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in. The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies.
Frank lived alone on a houseboat for many years. He loved to be free and out on the river. Frank never thought of settling down in one place. One day he met Sally, and all of that changed. Frank sold his boat and now has a family.
6 year old Jon went to the museum with his grandma and sister. He noticed his grandma was doting on his sister. He started to feel very jealous. He didn't even care about the dinosaur exhibit anymore. Instead, he told his grandma that he wanted to go home.
John played a cello. He came for the rehearsal with the orchestra. He sat down and started to play. His string broke. He could not play.
Kim has a new boyfriend. She wants her family to meet him. Her family doesn't really want to meet him yet. Kim has had so many boyfriends in the past. Kim is mad at her family.
Beth's brother Jake came to her house to check on a noise. Beth opened the door and Jake came in. Jake checked the whole house and found nothing. Beth asked him to stay since she was scared. Jake slept on the couch to keep her safe.
It was very hot in Anna's house one night. She left her door and windows open. But then she fell asleep, and overnight it rained! Anna's papers and even her TV were damaged. Anna wished she had not been so forgetful.
Greg lived in New York City. He had lived there his whole life but always felt trapped. He decided to move to Florida. He found a job, met some friends, and settled in. Greg never let Florida and never missed New York City.
My friends and I bought tickets to a music festival. Before the festival, we went to John's house to have lunch. We grilled chicken and drank beer. After lunch, we went to the music festival. At the festival, we danced all day!
My son wanted to be the slenderman for halloween. We found a black body suit. We bought some purple fairy lights and glued them on. We made a box that looked like a minecraft block. Everyone loved his costume as his lights flashed around him.
Sam wanted to stop eating meat. She decided to do so once a week. Eventually it became easier and she did it twice. After a while she became a full blown vegan. It all started with one day.
Lucy was straightening her hair with a flat iron. The iron was hot, but she was careful. She dropped the iron by accident and burned her forehead. If her grandma saw the burn she would take the flat iron. Lucy wore bangs for a week to hide the burn.
Miles wanted to plant a new tree in his yard. He purchased a large evergreen at the store. He dug a hole in the yard and planted the tree. After a few days, the tree turned brown. Miles decided to hire a landscaper to try again with a new tree.
I didn't have any food to take to work on Monday. After work on Sunday, I went to the store. My favorite frozen dinner was on sale. I bought five and brought them to work the next day. Now I have food for the rest of the work week.
Dan was studying chemistry in college. One day he couldn't find his chemistry notebook. He searched frantically, but could not find it anywhere. After two weeks, his roommate returned Dan's notebook. He had accidentally picked it up and put it in his own backpack.
Tierre and her grandfather were going fishing. She was only four years old and scared. Little did she know, he had a baby fishing pole for her. She was so happy to get the pole, she lost all fear. She didn't catch any fish, but found a sweet baby turtle.
The check engine light of Daniel's car lit up. He sighed and decided to take it into the shop that weekend. The car mechanic was friendly but racked up a bunch of repairs. The bill ended up being expensive, but Daniel just wanted a fixed car. Two days later, the check engine light came back on.
It was the best winter Joe ever had. It snowed a number of times. He and his friends had dozens of snowball fights. But it was almost spring. He saved one snowball in the freezer to remember the good times.
Vinny's hair was getting too long. His hair grew really fast and he needed a haircut every month. His mom made an appointment with the barber for next week. They went in to the barber and had to wait for 10 minutes. When the barber was finished, Vinny looked handsome.
Susie got a new ipad. She had to register her email with it. Only problem was that she could not remember the password. Therefore none of her email could be retrieved. Susie then had to make a new account.
Nathan was eating donuts while watching TV. He heard a sudden noise and jumped in his seat. As he jumped, his tin of donuts tipped over. Crumbs fell everywhere including into his blankets. He tried to clean but it was no use, everything needed washing.
Tom's favorite cartoon introduced a new character. Tom and all his friends hated it. They hated it so much they made a petition. After a while the show got the hint. The new character was phased out.
Gina wanted to get her mom's house key secretly. She decided she would wait till her mom was napping. She would then sneak the key to the grocery store. There they would make a copy for her. She knew it was risky, but it was the best plan.
Kelly couldn't wait to go on a trip to Italy. She got tickets last year and was finally going. When she got there however she got sick. She had to lay in bed a long time. The trip wasn't good after all.
The man had a song stuck in his head. He whistled it out loud. His friend heard it. His friend got the song stuck in his head. His friend started singing the song.
Hank's friend Lou showed up at his house with two giant jawbreakers. Hank had no idea how he was going to get it into his mouth! He opened as wide as he could, but it wasn't going in. Then he just started licking it. Eventually it would be small enough to fit into his mouth!
Louis was in a lot of debt. He was paying out all of his income to bills. It was making him very upset. Tax season came and Louis decided to pay off a few loans. He was decided to keep paying debt off for the rest of the year.
My wife's nephew lost his father when he was 9. He was scared of death. One day he was in the hallway of his building. He saw a man who resembled his father. He ran away, thinking he had seen a ghost.
Kelly and her friends wanted to go to the new movie. It was starting soon and the girls needed to get there soon. When her friends got there it was late. Thankfully the theater let them still attend. They told them they were never too late.
Kim started a garden in her yard. She was very lazy though. She forgot to water the plants in the morning. The plants died from starvation. Kim felt like a lazy bum.
Terrence loved his art class. He really enjoyed making things. He was excited when they were going to make pottery. He crafted his pot very carefully. It came out of the kiln and it was beautiful.
Ty's mom wanted to shop online. The only problem was that she didn't have a credit or debit card. Ty offered to use his own debit card if she gave him the cash. Ty's mom liked the idea. Ty was glad to help out his mom with her online shopping.
Sam bought a new phone. He left it charging overnight. The battery exploded and caused a small fire. Sam sued the company and had his things replaced. He got a different kind of phone, though.
Ian arrived at the food court inside the mall. He took a sample of food at the Chinese food area. In order to move to the next food place, he took off his sweater. He also put on a hat when walking to the next stop. The person giving out samples didn't recognize him.
Anna was in a film class. She wasn't getting along with her group and didn't know what to do. Her teacher recommended that she join a new one, one that he liked. She approached the group and asked if they needed any help. Luckily, the accepted her warmly and she felt much better.
He punched me in the arm. He was drunk again. The spot began to swell. By the next day it was black. It hurt to move my arm for a week.
Freddy was tired of the little guy getting trampled on. He decided to walk the neighborhoods and campaign for mayor. He ran on a progressive platform including raising the minimum wage. Freddy was attacked for being an atheist and a black man. Freddy lost the election by five points.
Ed went into a jewelry store to look at diamond rings. He asked to see a very expensive ring from the display case. The owner opened it up and handed it to Ed. Ed used sleight of hand to steal the ring and replace it. The owner did not notice the fake that he put back in the counter.
Mabel hated eggplants. So when Josh cooked eggplants for her she was in a conundrum. She really liked Josh but she really hated eggplants. She tried to taste a bit of the dish he prepared for her. But she had to tell the truth so he cooked her an omelette instead.
Last spring I bought a bunch of lilies and tulips on sale. I brought them home and let them wilt so I could save the bulbs. They spent the summer in a brown paper bag waiting to be planted. This past weekend I planted them all in my flower bed. Next spring I will have a host of beautiful flowers to enjoy!
Josh needed new shoes. He hated to get rid of his old ones. His mom took him shoe shopping. He found the perfect pair and luckily they were on sale. Josh got new shoes and was glad that ordeal was over.
Gary realized that the bank was going to close in thirty minutes. Gary quickly brushed his teeth and took a shower. He also ordered a cab very quickly. After running in, he noticed the bank was still open. Gary was barely able to make his transactions.
Gene lived in the city and wanted to go fishing in the country. Gene decided to call in sick from work. Gene visited a sporting good store and bought a fishing pole and bait. Gene got into his car with his fishing pole and bait. Gene drove out to the country and found a lake to go fishing in.
I was in our apartment reading room. A woman was talking to her sales staff on the phone. She was telling them to increase perfume sales. She was disappointed in slow sales. I left because I could not read.
The innkeeper didn't have any space in his inn when the man came. He told the man he could have his bed as he looked tired. In the middle of the night, robbers came and the man slew them. The innkeeper was very grateful. Ever since, he always found extra room for a guest.
Sarah saw something out of the corner of her eye. There was a rat in her house, running across the floor! She screamed and jumped on a chair. Her husband rushed in and saved her. Sarah decided to get a cat to keep the rats under control.
Bob has always had problems with math in school. Bob has gone to tutoring for years. This did not help him at all. Bob eventually bought a special computer program to teach him math. Bob definitely became more proficient in math.
Tom had recently moved to a desert climate from Florida. He rather liked the lack of rain at first. But as the days turned to months, he missed the rain. One evening he saw a news story that mentioned rain. The following day, it rained all day - Tom smiled.
Libby had been waitressing all day and was tired. Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late. Libby was kind and needed money badly, so she agreed. Her very last table of the night left her a $100 tip. Libby was so glad she had agreed to work late!
Gloria was bored on a rainy Sunday morning. She couldn't find anything that she wanted to watch on TV. She started to organize her closet, but that wasn't fun. Finally, Gloria resorted to watching funny cat videos online. She finally enjoyed her day.
My son was bullied at school. I told him to tell his teacher. He would not tell on the bully. The bully pushed him into a locker. My son punched him in the face.
The Brown family gathered around the table for Thanksgiving dinner. They all enjoyed the good food. They finished by telling each other what they were thankful for. Doug told his family he was grateful for his wife, kids, and mother. The remark was so touching Grandma Brown cried.
Alex adopted a dog with a bevy of problems. This dog had skin allergies and could only eat certain foods. Alex researched appropriate foods for the dog's condition. The dog started feeling better and his skin cleared up. The dog is now happy and very healthy.
Tom found a dog walking down the street. It didn't have any tags. Tom grew fond of it over time. He then saw a sign showing people were looking for it. Tom called the number and returned the dog.
Heather was a caring and sweet little girl. One day her mother left her alone in the yard to play. From a corner of the yard she heard a noise. When she investigated the noise she found a wounded kitten. She saved the kitten that day and the two were always together.
An old man was working in his garden one day. He heard a loud bang, but wasn't sure what it was. He looked up and saw a five foot monitor lizard climbing on his house! The old man called a local wildlife reserve institute. They came and safely removed the lizard to its natural habitat.
Jerry joined the new frat at his college. He was scared of the hazing. When it was time, they made him drink milk. It really was not that bad. He happily joined.
He was hungry for toast. He got some bread. He put it in the toaster. It shot out of the toaster and onto the floor. He ate it anyway.
Tom went shopping for his girlfriend in the grocery. Tom met a girl. Tom was stunned by her beauty compared to his girlfriend. Tom wanted to date her. Tom started an affair with the girl he met.
Daniel had just started his first job. He got the job to save up for a video game. He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game. After hours and hours he finally saved up enough to buy the game. He bought it with his hard earned money and gave it to his friend.
Jamie took a dancing class. She hadn't been paying attention in class. For the recital, Jamie forgot a lot of her routine. Her teacher was upset. The next year, Jamie had to know the routine before performing.
Alex is terrified of scary movies. Bob asked her to go on a date tonight to a scary movie. Alex really likes Bob, so she agrees to go. At the scary movie, Alex got scared and held Bob's hand. Bob smiled, and for a split second, Alex wasn't afraid of the movie.
Will was a paranoid husband who always doubted his wife Jill. He questioned her every move and would follow her to work. One day she was home early from work when she saw a strange car parked. She slowly entered her home and caught Will with another man. It all made sense and she realized why he was always questioning her.
My sister always wears sandals. She was at my mom's house one day. No one could figure out the awful odor. Then as we got closer to her, we noticed the stench. It was her smelly feet!
Missy was in Gym class. She needed to climb the rope. She wasn't sure she could do it. While she climbed, she just tried her best. She made it to the top of the rope.
It was the championship football game. David was the star receiver at his school. David told the quarterback to throw it up to him. The ball flew up in the air for what seemed like an eternity. David reached about the defender to snag the winning catch!
Last month I bought a new iPhone. I took it with me everywhere. However I had a slip up when I went to the mall. I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile. The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate.
Wendy was working at her local fast food establishment. She pretty much hated her Job. Wendy was having a rough day and her employees were annoying her. The cook decided to defy her orders when she said go clean the trash. Wendy flew off the handle and fired him on the spot.
The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river. The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark. The conductor stayed behind because some people couldn't walk. The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water. They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded.
Kelly was taking a shower. Suddenly, she noticed a large spider in the shower with her. Kelly screamed loudly. Kelly bravely knocked the spider to the floor of the shower. The water washed the spider down the drain.
I went shopping at an outlet mall yesterday. I had hoped to find a lot of great deals. I was a bit disappointed that there weren't more sales than I found. I went home with pretty much nothing. I guess I won't get my hopes so high the next time.
Derek loved math in school. He went to college for math. Derek is now a math teacher. He gets to be around math every day. Derek wants to become a math wizard!
Kelley and her family wanted a competition. They wanted to make the longest hot dog. They worked for three days. The hot dog was ten feet long. They won the competition.
Bryan's teeth started aching. He made an appointment with the dentist. The dentist told Bryan he had nine cavities. Bryan spent two hours at the office for the operation. Bryan left relieved but sore.
Tom wanted to become healthier. He also did not want an expensive gym membership. He decided to take up running. He ran every other day. He became much healthier.
It was time for the three children to have a popsicle! John's brother and sister picked their favorite colors first. John asked for a green popsicle, but there were none left! John was crying as he took the orange popsicle out of it's wrapper. He forgot all about green once he tasted how good the orange was!
My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave. After coming out of work, I drove quickly to see her. After arriving home, I decided to wait in the front. When she opened the door, she had several suitcases with her. She told me that she was leaving me and our relationships.
Phil was on an overseas flight to England. The plane was struck by lightning in mid-air. The other passengers got very anxious, and Phil was terrified. The pilot landed the the plane safely. Phil was grateful that everything worked out.
Charles didn't know what he was in for on his way to Club 33. Passes to the club allowed him free and fast entrance to Disneyland. The club was discreet, he barely found the entrance. Inside he drank wine and ate gourmet food, all he could eat. His host explained the richest people alive have memberships here.
Tim needs new tires for his car. He couldn't afford new tires. He entered a contest by calling radio station. He was the lucky caller that won and got to pick his prize. He picked up Goodyear tires for his car.
The college professor taught an English class. One of his students struggled greatly with comprehension. The student was slow, but really wanted to learn. The professor  would stay after class to help the student. The student passed the final exam with the professor's help.
Mark sat on the couch to watch television. He clicked the remote around to find a show. There was nothing to watch, so Mark played a game on his phone. Eventually Mark fell asleep. His phone dropped from his hands and broke.
Jan studied hard for her science class. No matter how hard she tried Jan could not get an A in that class. Jan decided that she would do whatever it took to get an A. Jan began studying her science class text book day and night. At the end of the semester Jan finally got an A in her science class.
Sam wanted to be an elf for Halloween. He bought green leggings and a tee shirt. He combed his hair out long and straight. Then he applied fake pointy ears. Sam was a very convincing elf!
Tim loved ghost hunting shows. He wanted to try it himself. He got some friends together that were interested. They went to locations they found online. They never found anything but had lots of fun.
A new park opened in the neighborhood. Ian begged his mother to take him there to play with his friends. Every day, she told him she was busy. After a week, Ian disappointingly stop asking. The next day his mother surprised him by taking him to the park.
Emily had an essay due the next day. But her mother kept asking her to do chores. Emily was compliant the first few times. But she was running out of time to finish her essay. Emily's mother forced her to finish chores.
Sarah was at the movies on a saturday. She sat in the back so she could see the screen best. Next to her was a mom and a little baby. The baby was smelly. Sarah had to move seats so she didn't have to smell the stink.
Jen sat down with her grandfather to hear him read a bedtime story. As he told her the story she began to tell it along with him. After a few minutes, Jen was the only one talking. She continued to tell the story while her grandfather listened. When the story was over she turned around and he was asleep.
A man looked at a rock face and decided to climb it. He planned his route and slowly began to climb. Halfway up a bird flew at him and began to peck. The man used his free hand to swat the bird away. The man climbed faster to get off the mountain as soon as possible.
John and Rita were about to get married. They spent the night apart and got ready the next day. They were both nervous. John lit up when Rita walked down the aisle and they said I do. John and Rita had a happy life after that.
Conrad wants to make rice to eat at home. His friends tell him he should use a rice cooker. But Conrad is convinced that he can make rice in a pan. Unfortunately he burns the rice! Conrad decides to only make rice again if he has a rice cooker.
Jenny's daughter woke up in the middle of the night. She climbed into bed with Jenny and her husband. There wasn't enough room in the bed. The young girl fell out of the bed and hit her head. Jenny stopped letting her daughter get into her bed.
Whitney just got a call. Her new niece had arrived. She drove as fast as she could to the hospital. When she got there, she was able to hold the baby. She now has 1 niece and 2 nephews.
Before the heat always bothered me. But I decided to exercise in hot weather. And it didn't seem to affect me very much. Now I don't dread the hot weather so much. And it doesn't make me very exhausted either.
Tim had a toy car. He played with it everyday. However, he wanted to play with Joe's toy boat. They decided to exchange toys. They both ended up very happy with the exchange.
My high definition television died. I went to walmart with my grandmother. We shopped for a new Vizio television. We looked for one that was under $500 dollars. We decided to purchase a 52 inch high definition Vizio TV.
I worked with Tina for 20 years. She retired in 2006. Tina acted like a 1920s flapper. We were often entertained by her jokes. I send Tina birthday and Christmas gifts every year.
Tom was going to go to the lake with friends. They planned to go swimming. It started to rain. They decided to go anyway. It was a very pleasant experience.
The man looked in the cupboard. There were no clean plates. The man did the dishes. He put the dishes away. He forgot what he had been looking for.
Ruby was arranging her baby's first birthday. She wanted everything to be perfect. Unfortunately as a baby her child wasn't cooperating much. Ruby was trying to get her to blow out her candle but gave up. Instead Ruby let her baby smash her cake and enjoy herself.
The woman had a photo printed. She bought a frame to hang it on the wall. She nailed into the wall but she hit too hard and made a hole! SHe put the frame over the hole and covered up the damage. Now that frame would have to stay there forever!
Jen picked up the uneaten bread off tables in her cafe. She tossed them INto a large bin in the kitchen. When the bin was full she grinded down the stale bread. All of the bread dust was used to make bread crumbs. She ended up with way more bread crumbs than she needed.
Lucy woke up to a phone call that school was delayed because of snow. After sleeping late, she enjoyed a nice big breakfast of pancakes. When she walked to the bus stop, she found a $10 bill on the sidewalk. Later, at school, Lucy won an award for a poem she wrote. Smiling, Lucy said that this had been quite a lucky day.
Tom lost his debit card one day. When he realized he checked his banking activity. Someone had been using it. He called the bank and had it cancelled immediately. They investigated and returned his money.
It was Pax's first birthday party. His grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins and friends came. Pax got to open a lot of presents with help from his mom and dad. He had a Paw Patrol birthday cake that he made a mess of. Pax had a fun day and slept hard the entire night.
The teacher took her students on a field trip. They misbehaved. When they returned to school, they all received detention. The students were banned from field trips. Their parents were mad.
I started developing an aversion to swallowing. I read about a fear of swallowing online. I found out that a fear of swallowing is called phagophobia. I started drinking nutritional drinks that are high in calories. My rapid weight loss seemed to stop.
I wanted to try cigarettes when I was a kid. A high school girl at the park had some cigarettes. When she offered me one I took it and lit up. I never coughed so hard as after that first drag. I did not want to try cigarettes any more after that.
Logan is going to the fair. It is the state fair. He is going to eat food. He is going to ride on rides. He is going to have fun.
Jean was sad that her grandmother had passed away. She was very blue and so was most of her family. They gathered together for the reading of her will. Jean had been left a family heirloom. When Jean looked at the necklace she would be reminded of her grandma.
Tom was out studying at the library. He was in a secluded area. He fell asleep. He didn't realize the library was closed. He had to leave.
My wife wanted to go apple picking with her granddaughter in NYC. We live in Boston. I am disabled. I paid for my wife to go to NYC on a limoliner bus. She had a great time picking apples with her granddaughter.
Terri jogged alone everyday. She always passed a house that has been empty for a long time. Today there was a family moving in. Terri made friends with one of the family's oldest daughter. Terri doesn't job alone anymore.
It was a long day, and Albert was finally going to relax. He got comfortable in his easy chair, and opened his book. Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered! Albert went to the hospital with minor burns and scratches. He sued the lightbulb company, and received a small settlement.
Adam was expecting an important phone call. He carried his phone with him all day. He was surprised in the evening nobody called. He checked his phone. It was on silent mode.
Tom was playing with friends outside one day. They decided to walk on top of a fence. His friend jokingly pushed him. Tom fell down. Tom broke his arm.
Every school night Gracie had an 8:30 pm bedtime. One night she fought her mom to stay up later. The next morning she gave her mom a hard time waking up. She was even grumpy at breakfast. Gracie knew that she had to go to bed early from then on.
Ariana wanted to use a coupon she had. We were all at the mall and the mall had the store! When we reached the store she said we could wait and she'd shop. We walked around a bit but then waited on a bench. She was happy that she was able to use her coupon!
Brad went golfing last week. Brad was golfing well and having his best round. Brad hit a hole in one on an amazing shot. There was no one there to see Brad's shot. No one believed Brad when he told everyone of his shot.
Sarah is late for school. At school she fails her test. After school she misses the bus. At home the dog eats her homework. Sarah had a bad day.
Mike got a new game on his phone. His parents told him to always watch where he was walking. Mike disregarded this and played it on his bike. Mike played his game and did not see a person coming towards him. Mike hit him and destroyed his bike.
Jeff just bought a brand new truck. It's the first vehicle he has ever owned. He drove it everywhere and loved to show it off. Jeff soon realized how much money he was spending on gas. The gas money and the car payments made Jeff scale back on driving it.
I needed to get to the grocery store. However I did not have any means of transportation. I looked in my phone book to see who I can call for help. I called my brother. He came to pick me up 20 minutes later.
Joelle was running for the spot of head cheerleader. She was nervous about her routine. She practiced everyday for a week. Joelle tripped and fell in the middle of her routine. She didn't make head cheerleader.
We left the house early, as the sun was coming up. We walked around the block multiple times. We waved at the neighbors as we passed. We stopped to talk to the elderly man across the road. We went back home and treated ourselves to ice cream.
Charles thought Anita was a very pretty girl. He was taken by surprise when she sat by him at work. For three weeks they spent breaks and lunches together. Suddenly, Anita started spending time with another guy at work. Charles was very hurt because that guy was like Charles' father.
Tim was out trick or treating. He noticed a lot of spooky costumes out. He kept thinking he saw random shadows. Tim got really scared. His parents had to take him home early.
Gina was at a stop sign at a minor intersection near her house. The intersection rarely had traffic. But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn. Today it was rush hour, and a snow storm. There were 5 times as many cars at the intersection.
Brittany loves to look at the stars. Her favorite time to do it is very late at night. She drives into the country with her telescope. When she finds the perfect spot she parks and crawls on the roof. Then she adjusts the telescope and gazes at the sky for a few hours.
Lily hadn't seen her father since she was young. She reached out to him and set up a meeting. She was very nervous, but also a bit excited. She met her dad at a local restaurant. Lily and her dad spent hours catching up and had a great time.
Ian visits a local farm that specializes in red currants. Although he has never tried this berry, he is told they are great. He loves their bright red color and taught skin. Ian picks a basket of red currants and returns home. He is happy to have learned about a new berry.
I once had a rat named Nightshade. She was the cutest thing you could imagine. She would come when called and always greet me at the door. She only lived for a year though. She got cancer and died grotesquely.
Anna was hungry. She went through her house to find food. Nothing appealed to her. Finally, she called in a pizza. Finally, Anna satisfied her appetite!
Cabot asked her dad to put up a swing in the yard. They went out together and chose a tree to hang it from. Her dad cut out a round seat with a hole in the middle. They ordered a twenty five foot rope online. Now she swings so high it feels like flying.
Ivan walked through a park and found an old camera. There were still 6 shots left on the roll. Ivan took a few landscapes and some of himself. He put the camera back where he found it. Ivan thought the owner will enjoy his addition.
Colin signed up for little-league baseball. Colin struggled to hit the baseball whenever he was up to bat. Colin's dad was concerned about Colin's hitting ability. He took Colin to the batting cages for practice every day. In his next baseball game, Colin got three hits.
Kelly made cookies for her friend, Jane. When Jane came over, Kelly offered her a cookie. Jane took a bite and frowned. She told Kelly that the cookies tasted funny. Kelly went to the kitchen and saw she used salt instead of sugar.
I entered a vase shop with a lot of fancy things. The sign said not to touch anything. I gently reached for a blue vase and it fell and broke. The shop owner said I had to pay for it. I ran out of the store quickly because I had no money.
Tony had been asked for a donation for the local food bank. Tony had never used the food bank. He also did not have any friends or family that use the food bank. He was not sure if it would be beneficial to give. After careful consideration he gave a small donation.
The kids were listening to the radio. A song came on that they all liked. THeir mom said the lyrics were bad. She yelled at them to turn it off. The kids turned the sound down.
Michelle was working at a gas station. She watched two kids walk in that looked suspicious. The kids began putting candy in their pockets. Michelle yelled at the kids to stop and began coming after them. The kids ran out the door and haven't been seen since.
Jenn's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party. She called his friends and family and told them about her plans. Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party. No one told Jenny's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday. He said it was the most fun he's had in a long time.
Jane bought a new truck She wanted to take it off roading. She was having fun until she heard a snap. The truck had broken down. Jane had to be towed back.
Dan didn't like the taste of tap water. He bought lots and lots of bottled water. One day he watched a documentary on bottled water. It showed it was less safe than the local water sources. Dan started drinking his tap water without fear then.
There was lots of stuff on the table. I needed to eat my lunch. I took the stuff the table. I put my bowl on the table. I was able to eat my lunch.
Jay's cell phone was running out of power. He took out his charging cable and attached it to the phone. When he plugged it into the wall socket, he got shocked. Jay jumped back with surprise. He plugged his phone in another socket and called an electrician.
My mom had been trying to get pregnant again for years. When she found out she finally succeeded, my dad was overseas. She was disappointed because he wanted to celebrate with him. When my dad found out, he sent her 12 dozen red roses. She was overjoyed that she got to celebrate with him after all.
Kary wanted to become a lifeguard. She had passed a lot of the tests already. One of the last tests was to wade for ten minutes. She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself. She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard.
I enjoy swimming. I used to compete on a swim team, but I wasn't very fast. I often got white ribbons for third place. One time in my life, I won a first place ribbon! I was very happy about that!
Bob wanted to vote in this year's election. He went down to his local polling station. He registered when he arrived. He cast his vote in the ballot. He watched the results the next day.
Sam carried a two-headed coin he used to con people. He came upon a likely mark and waged a bet. He won on the first coin toss, then offered to double the bet. When he tossed the coin, it rolled and fell through a grate. The 'mark' reached in his pocket for another coin to toss.
My friend Tom likes to make up dramatic stories. He claims people were stalking him at the bake shop. Everyone was coughing and rubbing their nose. I told him he might be a bit paranoid, and he grew despondent. But he was right, the bake shop was owned by Satanists!
The talent show was scheduled for that night. They were not sure how many performers would be there. The performers were scheduled to be there one hour before the show. Sometimes, they simply would not show up for their acts. The organizers decided they would charge the performers entry fees!
Jane and I decided to take a road trip last month We went to go visit relatives in Colorado. We took turns driving and had lots of fun. Her family was happy to see us and we took plenty of pics. We're planning on going back next year.
The man cut down the tree. The neighbor complained. The man planted a new tree. The neighbor watched that tree grow. Ten years later the tree was full size.
Samantha was on her last date from her deleted profile. When he showed up, he was dapper, smelled good and was polite. As the date went on, they were smitten with each other. After four hours at the eatery, they didn't want the night to end. So they stayed and talked until the restaurant closed.
The store was going out of business. They had a going out of business sale. They made a lot of money in that sale. They thought about a new business model. They started a similar store that competed on price.
Kevin brought his lunchbox to school. After going home, he realized he left his lunchbox at school. He quickly drove to school to retrieve his lunchbox. When he found out the school was closed, he went home. He found his lunchbox the next day.
Tim had never been on an official date. He was nervous about his first one. He asked for advice on it. Everyone told him to be himself. Tim tried and it went alright.
When I was a kid I was shopping with a friend. While browsing I saw a bin of rubber mallets. On television I'd see people bounce them off of their heads. I figured my friend would laugh if I did it. The mallet left a big lump on my forehead but my friend did laugh.
Robert wanted to be a dance master. He took many lessons to be a master. He learned many things such as ballet and hip-hop dancing. He got so good he qualified for a dance competition. He won 2nd place in the competition.
Lana called me to hang out. When we were walking together, I noticed that she was silent. I told her if there is anything that's bothering her. She told me that she had strong feelings for me. Considering that we're good friend, I decided to ask her out.
Hugh was competing in his backyard one night. He noticed a shadow coming closer to the tent. Hugh began to feel very anxious. He thought it must have been some kind of creature to take him away. When the shadow came closer he found it was just his mother.
A man named John once wanted to go abroad. He looked online to find some good deals. He discovered a cheap flight to Chile. He bought it and decided to go in two weeks. He flew there and liked it so much that he stayed forever.
Carol got off work really late one night. She could not find a cab anywhere. She ended up walking for a long time. She finally got a cab. She was so relieved to finally get home!
Cass wanted to be a cheerleader. She had never tried out before. She decided to take tumbling classes. She was nervous at tryouts. When names were announced, Cass made the squad.
Albert Einstein has been working on some special science. He's developed equations relating mass to energy. He knows that this could lead to a powerful weapon. He feels that the United States should develop such a weapon first. He describes his ideas in a letter to the President.
Terry is a rodeo clown. He has been working the job all his life. He decides he doesn't wanna be a clown anymore. He puts on one last show. Terry quits his rodeo clown job and begins a new one.
Troy is a local taxman. he goes door to door collecting people's unpaid taxes. Troy dislikes his job and harassing people. One day a man snaps on Troy and threatens him. Troy finds a new job after the incident.
Frank had the day off from work. He decided he was going to sleep in. He stayed in bed and didn't look at the clock for hours. Finally, he checked and it was already three o'clock in the afternoon. Frank then regretted that he wasted most of his day off in bed.
The golfer put down his tee and eyed up the green. He took out his best driver and gave it a practice swing. The club came back and swing forward. He crushed the ball far into the distance. The ball sailed right over the flag and into the woods.
Neil was very outgoing. He had no fears and nothing embarrassed him. He went out with his friends to sing Karaoke. In the first measure of Purple Rain something happened. Neil went into a panic and froze in fear.
Nate held the football. Griffin ran towards the ball to kick it. It flew in the sky and approached the park. However, a lady got hit in the head by the football. She ended up passing out.
Anna wanted an ant farm. Her parents bought one for her. She filled it with ants. Then she watched them dig their tunnels. Ana was enraptured by her ant farm!
I love laughing, but I hate when it echoes. I don't mind my friends or family hearing me laugh. However, I get embarrassed if other people hear me laugh. I usually look away and hope no one notices it. Usually people don't mind it , but I do.
Rita is cooking. Rita gets distracted. She loses track of time. She rushes over to her chicken. The chicken is burnt.
Alex was excited to get accepted into law school. His school required that male students wear a suit to class. Alex did not have a single suit. His father was proud of Alex for getting into law school. His father bought Alex two nice suits that he could wear to class.
Last week the building inspected the apartments. We received emails a few days in advance. Our neighbor Eve is old fashioned and does not read emails often. She was upset that her apartment was inspected without notice by mail. She emailed a complaint to the manager, who ignored it.
One day Ike's two-year-old son called him outside. He had been playing in the yard, but now he was hyper! Ike squinted to see what he was eagerly pointing at. Then he saw - it was a blimp! Ike smiled and explained the concept to his young son.
Jenny always loved dogs and cats. After high school she decided to do something with animals. She ended up taking lessons to learn to groom them. She worked very hard at her craft and learned quickly. After doing it many years she was very popular from it.
Bruce was exploring an abandoned house. He was going up the stairs. The stairs didn't feel too sturdy. The handrail gave out from under Bruce's grip. Bruce decided not to go up the stairs.
My job set up all sorts of new rules. Everyone was really upset by them. It made my work almost impossible. Eventually I had to quit. The work environment had turned too toxic.
Marci had realized her dream of becoming a professional dancer. Her favorite outfit was a pink, frilly dress. She wore the dress every time she took the stage. One night, she tripped on one of the tassels and broke her ankle. Marci still hobbles slightly as she brings customers their food.
When Anna was a small child, a bee stung her arm. She had to get medical treatment for the hives she immediately got! She feared bee stings for the next 20 years, until another stung her. Nothing happened at all - no swelling, no hives. Anna was relieved to find she'd outgrown her allergy!
My sister and I play board games a lot. This morning we played a board game called Life. She got angry during our game and flipped the board over. She went to bed while I put away the pieces. After I was done she apologized and told me she hates Life.
My wife and I played an Uber guessing game. We sat on the bench outside. We looked at people coming out looking into their phones. My wife predicted who was waiting for Uber, and I picked another. Yesterday she was right and I was wrong.
My favorite band was in town. I went to the venue and bought a ticket. I went inside and went through the crowd. I watched the show from the second row. When the concert was over, I went home.
Last week, Alan was very excited. He was excited as he was going on a fishing trip. He had hired out what he thought was a large boat, to go with friends. However, when Alan got to the docks, the boat was actually very small. He still enjoyed himself, but he felt ashamed that he'd messed up.
We did the play the Lion King in School. My role was Simbas mother. My mom surprised me one evening with tickets. She took me to see the actual play. We even got to meet some of the Actors.
Dan is an avid baseball card collector. Dan recently saw a rare Babe Ruth card on Ebay for sale. Dan decided to contact the seller for more information. Upon talking with the seller, Dan decided to purchase the card. Dan could not wait to have the rare baseball card in his possession.
Tim was busy designing new labels for soup cans. He created 20 new designs and showed them to his bosses. The bosses liked them but told Tim he shouldn't put dragon's them. Tim could only draw dragons well so he tried convincing them for it. Two weeks later the soup company rolled out its first Dragon Soup.
Jenny took her car in for an oil change. After waiting two hours the mechanic came out looking worried. "I don't know how you got here", he said. "A small animal has chewed through a lot of wires in the engine." She was pretty sure he had cut the wires, but what could she do?
Ethan always dreamed of flying in the sky. As he was colorblind, he couldn't fly a plane. It made him sad every time he saw birds fly. His girlfriend who could feel his pain offered him a gift. She took him parasailing and finally he could fly.
Ana's date took her to a movie. It was an action flick, which she hated. After the film, he asked if she had enjoyed it. Ana smiled and nodded her approval. She did not want to hurt her date's feelings.
A friend of mine recently made his first stock investment. The company had been demonstrating an upward trend. It was risky, but he bought it hoping it would continue to rise. After three weeks, the stock's value increased by another 30%. He was very happy to see his risk pay off.
Joe bought a truck. It was great except for the tires. He had to replace them right away. He went with the cheapest tires he could find. Joe was upset that he had just spent so much money on the tires.
Rachel was primping in the mirror. She was getting ready to go on camera for her new TV show. She was hosting the show for the first time. She felt anxious as she walked onto the set. She was excited to give it a shot!
Beverly was old and used a walker. She tried walking to the kitchen without her walker. Bev lost her balance and fell. She couldn't get up. Bev had to call the ambulance.
Jared loved candy bars. His favorite was Snickers. He would always have the in his pocket. One day he ran out of Snickers, or so he thought. He ended up sitting down on one that was in his back pocket.
Drew never followed through on his commitments. He was supposed to bring me the homework I missed while I was sick. He never came to my house. Now, my teachers are going to be mad at me! I'm going to have to have a serious talk with Drew.
Kevin wanted to lose weight. So he needed to avoid eating too much food. He decided to distract himself with video games and other activities. And he planned exactly how much food he would eat. After a month, Kevin's planned worked.
I was in the gas station one day. I walked to the counter and asked for a pack of cigarettes. The clerk asked me if he could see my ID. I checked my pockets, but noticed I forgot my ID. I ran out to my car, found my ID and returned to the counter.
Gwen's mom laid her down in her crib for a nap. Gwen cried and whined and did not want to go to sleep. When her mom came to check on her she was not in her crib. Gwen's mom looked everywhere for her. She found Gwen playing with toys in her closet.
Caroline was very good at retelling jokes. Her friends dared her one day to make up a joke on her own. As she had no clue how to do that, she read books about it. She practiced and wrote many jokes for a whole week. When she met her friends again, all her jokes were hers.
I used to bike to work. I tried to do it in all types of weather. One day it was very icy out. I biked home, and was almost at the door. My bike slipped on the ice and I went flying.
Amy was meeting Ben at the park. She didn't want her parents to know. She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch. She kept an eye on them through the window. When they weren't looking she got up, and walked away.
Stacey packs lunch daily for her kids. She always makes them a sandwich of some kind. She also always adds some kind of fruit for them. There is always a new bottle of water in it as well. They always tell her thank you and never come home with food left over.
Fred had a cold. He was always blowing his nose. He needed a tissue again. But there was none left. So he had to go to the store to get more.
Luke woke up late, around 3 pm. He realized he missed work because of a bad hangover. He called his boss to apologize. The boss hadn't realized he wasn't at work. The boss thanked him and promptly fired him.
Missy loves playing ball. All of her friends play too. Missy has a big game tonight. she is nervous about it. Missy wins the game.
Benjamin was a ferocious turker, he amassed thousands of hits. At the least he would still turn in 300 hits daily with ease. He started making more money than he ever knew he could from home. By his 5th year he was vacationing in Mexico and still turking. Benjamin is the happiest he has ever been all thanks to turking.
The kids loved watching tv. Cartoons were their favorites. They rushed home from school and sat in front of the tv. They laughed through the whole episode. The show had put them in a good mood.
Jack decided to play his favorite online game. He was soon matched up against a 13 year old and felt very confident. The child absolutely demolished Jack in the game. Jack became quite upset that someone so young could beat him. On that day, he vowed to become the best.
I was never very good at football growing up. I was very fast, but I could not catch very well. I practiced catching all the time. No matter what I did, I couldn't get better at catching. Even though I wasn't good at football I liked playing it.
Making soup with her grandma was Crystal's favorite thing to do. They would start early in the morning and make the noodles. They'd let it simmer all day. They'd serve a big batch to the whole family. Crystal made the soup for many years.
Jane came home from work more tired than usual. Just as she began to relax the neighbor pulled up in his car. His music was so loud she could hear it in her house. She waited for him to turn the music off, but he didn't. 20 minutes late Jane had a headache and was more tense than before.
Ann had a healthy baby. She lost all her baby weight quickly. But she was saddened by one lingering effect. She still had awful stretch marks! Ann hated her ugly stretch marks.
Pat's phone storage became full and she checked the pictures. She found that they were taking up a lot of room. So she went to Walgreens and had them all put on 8 disks. She kept these at home so she could access them. When she went to look through them, she found they were blank.
Jim made a special dinner for a love interest. He spent hours on making the perfect presentation. His date told him she found it absolutely delicious. She choked to death on one of his stuffed peppers. Jim never cooked again.
I went to McDonald's to get French fries. As I sat down to eat, my mom called. I forgot about the fries, but my Boston Terrier did not. I came back into the room and my fries were gone. I learned to never leave my fries with my dog again.
Susan was having a hard time seeing. She needed glasses to correct her eyesight. She wanted to pick out her favorite color. They only had one frame that had purple. Susan ended up getting the purple glasses.
Lacey noticed a cat and a dog in front of the house. They were calm at first. However, they started to jump on each other. To avoid getting into the fight, Lacey was standing in the parking lot She was able to go inside her house one the pets were gone.
Tim had a crush on a girl at school. He had her for several classes. She never really paid attention to him. Tim never got the courage to ask her out. She never found out he had feelings for her.
David asked his parents if he could bring home a bunny rabbit. He saw them as prizes at the county fair. His parents agreed, and he went to the fair with his allowance. He used all ten dollars, but he finally won a bunny. He put the bunny in a small cardboard box, and went home.
Jill had a month to sell 50 candy bars for her soccer team fundraiser. The coach reminded them two days before the money was due. Jill realized she hadn't sold one single bar yet. The next day she went to every neighbor's house. She was able to sell all but two of the candy bars.
Meg had a day off work. She decided to lay out by the pool. She forgot sunscreen. She fell asleep. Meg woke up with a second degree sunscreen.
I went for a hike in the canyon yesterday morning. It was a warm, sunny morning so I only wore a flannel shirt. By noon, the weather changed to a nasty, windy, icy storm. I had to take shelter under a rock ledge for four hours! Finally reaching home, I vowed to never go hiking unprepared.
The tiny green alien was made of plastic. The girl giggled as it popped open against the fridge. She touched the magnet gently against the metal. The eyes popped open and its ears shot up. She did it over and over again, laughing.
My friend loved to play the lottery. He asked me if I wanted to play. I said no. I calculated the odds of winning and I showed him the number. He realized the lottery was not in his favor and he quit playing it.
The man cooked some beans. It took a lot of time to get them cooked. He thought that it was a waste of energy. He read about soaking beans. It took him a lot less energy with that method.
My daughter is going into the first grade. She has been waiting all summer to see who her teacher is going to be. We received the postcard in the mail yesterday with her teacher's name. It was not the teacher she wanted. I hope this teacher is just as good.
I was cleaning out my old room and found my old toys. I started to reminisce about all the fun I had as a kid. I got lost in thought and lost track of time. I had wasted the whole afternoon not cleaning. At least I had a good time remembering my childhood.
Tom was applying to work at the US Census. He waited patiently in the lobby to complete the process. He was invited in a classroom. He was given a test to take. He passed the test and was hired for the job.
Lucy was at a police station because she was lost. She cried as she she informed the officer didn't know her address. He smiled and asked for a phone number at her grandparents. She didn't have that either. She did have her mother's number, and that thought brought relief.
Ian stood on his roof and shouted through a megaphone. He ranted about the government and society. When he started ranting about pop stars a voice came back at him. Another person on the other side of town shouted through a megaphone. Ian enjoyed a spirited conversation via megaphone with the stranger.
Kia made a slingshot out of a branch and a rubber band. She aimed at her brother, intending to shoot a rock at him. But then the rubber band snapped! It sprang back and hit Kia in the cheek. She wished she been more careful!
Herman went to buy a soda at the convenience store. He gave the sales clerk a five-dollar bill. The sales clerk accidentally gave Herman change for $20. Herman immediately noticed the mistake and protested. The clerk was quite impressed with Herman's honesty.
My neighbor asked me to water his flowers while he was on vacation. I remembered to do it the first day. I remembered to do it on the second and third day. But I forgot on the last few days. When he came home his flowers were dead.
Ben stopped at the store to buy a pack of beer. He was supposed to go see some friends that night. But as he was driving, he started drinking. Thirty minutes later, the whole pack was gone. And he was too drunk to continue driving.
Kate wanted to get rid of the fruit flies in her house. She read online you could use vinegar in a cup. Nothing else had worked. So she figured it was worth a shot. A week later she was pleased to find the house fruit fly free.
Jimmy wanted to learn to swim. He was at his friend's house and they wanted to go swimming. His friend asked his mom if they could go swimming. The boys jumped into the pool. Jimmy quickly realized that he could swim.
Linda was sitting in her backyard reading her favorite book. She missed her husband who had been on a business trip. She wished that he was with her because the day was beautiful. Linda heard a rustling behind her and turned around. Her husband had come home early!
Sue was a great listener and always had good advice. But she had no idea what to do with her own life! She was mostly just interested in helping others. Then she thought of the perfect career. Sue became a life coach and now she helps others every day!
Sam was washing dishes. He did them all and let them dry. His roommate went to use one. It was still dirty. Sam wasn't allowed to wash dishes after that.
Rosie needed groceries one day. She decided to take a trip to Walmart. Rosie stocked up on all of the essentials. She even was able to get a few extras. Rosie had a successful trip to Walmart.
India had the opportunity to visit Alaska. However, India was more excited to visit an Igloo village. At the village, India got to eat local foods with the natives. In addition, India's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo. India was so excited, that she took pictures inside the Igloo.
Jen had to go pick up her 8 year old daughter at a friend's house. The daughter had taken her bike and it was too dark to ride it home. The bike would only fit in the van with the hatchback up. Jen thought she would remember to stop before going into the garage. Jen forgot that the hatchback was up and hit it on the garage ceiling.
Tara was skateboarding with her friends. She wanted to try out a new trick. She skated off a ramp and did a kickflip. She landed awkwardly on her ankle. Her friend gave her ice to numb the pain.
Ally is afraid of ghosts. She sleeps with her light on every night. Last night she heard footsteps in her hallway. She timidly opened her door. It was her brother walking to the kitchen for a midnight snack.
Jane was home drunk. She decided to wear high heels. She was dancing to silly music. Jane slipped and landed on her wrist. She broke it in two places.
James birthday is today. He decided to drink for the first time in his life. He went to a friend's house to celebrate. He drank too much and passed out on the couch. He woke up with a hangover and swore to never drink again.
My friend Tom lives in MA, and his wife is in KY. She recently moved to another town in KY, and he is moving down. Tom told me she had so much stuff to move she needed a second truck. Tom said she is a bad hoarder. Tom said he is afraid to move to KY.
Kiley wanted a better job. She looked in the papers to see what was available. She saw an ad for an interesting position. She scheduled an interview for the next day. Kiley was offered the job a week later.
Ed whistled a popular tune as he worked at his desk job. After a while one of his co-workers joined in. The two of them whistled so loud that the whole office heard. Ed and his co-worker were cheered when the song ended. Ed told his co-worker that next week they should perform again!
Charles didn't think he had a drug habit. But he couldn't stop smoking cigars and fake pot. He noticed he spent thirty dollars a week on fake pot. Plus he spent fifteen dollars a week on cigars. Charles was shocked, he was smoking up two hundred bucks per month.
Dave was running late. He needed to get to work quickly. So he borrowed a friends car. He made it to work just in time. Dave bought his friend a present to show he was grateful.
Casey had a dog. The dog lived in Casey's house. Casey noticed more and more dog fur when he would vacuum. Casey decided to switch from carpet to laminate flooring. The fur was easier to get rid of and he was sick less.
Jim was taking a bath one day. The water was too cold. Jim made the water hot. The water was so hot that it burned Jim's skin. Jim took showers from that day on.
I was in my apartment drinking juice. When I went to the kitchen, I slipped. My glass fell and broke on the tile. I was furious because it was my favorite glass. I installed carpet in my home so it would not happen again.
Anthony went to a girl's house. But his mother thought he ran away. Anthony was supposed to travel to Mexico the following day. Therefore Anthony's mom reported him missing. Anthony's friend picked him up and took him home.
Angela was born two months prematurely. When my uncle brought her home, she was very tiny. We went to see her for the first time. I remember her bright red hair. She was lying in her crib asleep.
Jeff kept bragging in class. The teacher warned him about taking the class for granted. However, he remained confident. For the last two exams, he failed them. The teacher gave him a 69 and didn't provide any grade curves.
Alex registered to take the SAT at his school. He spent a few weeks studying very hard for the test. On the morning of the test, Alex drove to his school with his things. He went to the test room, then later finished the test and went home. Later on, Alex checked his scores and saw that he had done very badly.
One day John tried to move the TV. Eventually he tripped. The TV fell on the floor and broke. John was upset because he loved watching TV. He ended up buying a new one.
Jeffrey loved oranges more than any fruit. Unfortunately, his family also loved oranges. They would always eat all of the oranges before he could have any. So, Jeffrey hid the oranges in a box that said it was celery. His family never looked in it, and his oranges were safe!
The restaurant opened for the day. The delivery driver never came with the groceries. They closed the store before lunch. They fired that delivery driver. They hired somebody they could trust.
Sam heard a noise in his yard. He looked out the window and saw a bear. It was going through his trash can. Sam went to the door and turned on the lights. He also made noises that scared the bear away.
Jenny was driving home at night. Something ran into the middle of the road. She swerved to avoid it. Jenny decided to check on the possibly hurt animal, but it was a skunk. She got sprayed and had to drive off.
Carlos father was dying from cancer. Him and his father loved the Lakers. So Carlos wanted to take his father to a game before he died. So Carlos gathered money and bought tickets. His father was so happy to go see the Lakers.
Kirby tried to cut down a tree with a hand ax. When that didn't work, he decided to try a hand saw. When his hand saw broke, he tried a chainsaw. The chainsaw cut the tree down, but it also cut Kirby's leg. Kirby decided to get an artificial tree next Christmas.
Kate was grounded. And she was stuck in the house on her summer break. She watched a white haired man do a sensational talk show. She found the guests on the show funny. It wasn't the best day, but at least she had a few laughs.
Tom was on a date. He really liked the girl. They had Italian food for dinner. It gave Tom a lot of gas. He had to excuse himself often to let it out.
I wanted to get rid of my brown hair. I thought it was so boring. I went to a salon. I asked for my hair to be more bold. They made it black, which I loved.
When I was 12, I went to the zoo with my parents. We walked into a section that had a small area of grass. I looked into it, expecting to see a tiny rodent of some sort. Instead, I saw what looked like miniscule deer with long snouts. I forgot the name of the deer, but seeing one so small shocked me.
I sat down with my kids and explained that mom was going back to work. I told them that we'd all have to pitch in and share the housework. My kids complained about the chores and threw tantrums. We had a long talk about responsibilities and growing up. Now we all work together to help mom and keep the house clean.
Ben was feeling lonely. He went to a night club to have some social activity. He walked around and felt very good about himself. Several women approached Ben. By the end of the night, Ben received two phone numbers.
The class walked into the room to sit down. When I sat down, the chair started rumbling. In a few seconds, it completely collapsed. I feel on my back and the class ended up laughing. The teacher asked if I was okay, but I just nodded.
Derek was nervous on his first day of school. He was new and didn't know anyone. He stood alone on the playground at recess. A group of kids approached him and asked him to play. Derek was relieved to have someone to play with.
Fred had been going out with Suzy for a long time. He thought it was time to make it a relationship. He pulled her aside after class and asked her. She said yes. Fred was so happy that he went and told his friends.
My friends recently invited an almost-homeless family to stay over. The family had been having a hard time for a long time. I was nervous to meet everyone because I am socially anxious. I went over anyway though and managed to have a good time. I hope they can get back on their feet and do well for themselves.
Tim hated dirty sponges. He was annoyed when his roommates wouldn't squeeze one out. It made them get moldy and smell bad. Tim kept throwing them out. His roommates eventually stopped being as careless.
One night I spent two hours working on my homework. I finished it and then went to sleep. The next morning I woke up to go to school. I couldn't find my homework that I had finished. I found out that my dog ate my homework.
Kay wanted to learn about nutrition and healthy eating. The local YMCA offered a free eight week session about nutrition. She attended the first class and met the instructor, a dietitian. Throughout the sessions, Kay learned about healthy food choices. By the eighth session, she felt confident in her new knowledge.
James had a child when he was very young. Although he struggled, he wanted to be a good dad. James made sure his child had everything she needed. He worked 2 jobs everyday. James and his kid were very close.
Karen fell in love with a boy named Josh. Josh didn't love her like she loved him and he broke up with her. She had to let him go because he didn't want to be with her. Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad. She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day.
Jane wanted to do something special for her mother's birthday. She ordered a brand new set of cast iron cookware on Amazon. Jane placed the order with Amazon prime. On the day of her mother's birthday, Jane's present didn't arrive. Jane was able to get a partial refund for late shipping.
Kevin stayed up late playing video games every night. And he ignored warnings about playing in a well lit room. One day, he noticed his vision becoming blurry. And after an eye exam, he had to wear glasses. Kevin regret playing video games all those nights.
Jax was playing with his friend Connor outside. The two boys began to fight. The boys yelled as they fought each other. Connor's dad heard the commotion. He ran outside to break up the fight.
A new movie just came out. I was very excited. I took all my friends with me. When we got there though, we were sad. It only lasted one hour.
Two years ago, my mom brought me to a field. She said, "We are farmers now and this is where we live". I gave her a big hug and ran into the field. I grabbed the dirt with my hands and threw it up in the air. I was ready to start this new life of farming with my mom.
John was walking his dog Max in the woods. After the walk, John noticed a tick in Max's fur. John had to read online how to handle this situation. John carefully removed the tick according to the directions. From then on, John was more careful about where he walked Max.
Bob got him after a busy day at work. His friend Sal called him once he sat down. Sal, a writer, wanted Bob to read his work. Bob was tired yet too polite to refuse. He skimmed a few pages and took a nap.
Jeffrey loves the snow. He looks out the window often for the snowflakes. Jeffrey slept in his snow suit praying for snow. Jeffrey woke up during the night. To his amazement there was snow on the ground.
Jordan decided to have an ice cream social. She absolutely loved these things. All her friends got together for it. The girls had dozens of ice creams to choose from. Jordan couldn't wait to have it again next year.
George took a spanish class to learn something new. The teacher called him by his spanish name. George did not know who she was talking to. He was very confused by the class and left early. He went to Taco Bell and soaked up the language there.
My Little Pony was one of my favorite toys. I used to watch the show on TV. I collected all of the novelty toys. I was totally obsessed with My Little Pony. Eventually, I was forced to grow out of my obsession.
Lacey always dreamed of hiking Everest. She hiked smaller mountains in preparation. A Sherpa guided her up Everest's summit. It was a tough, grueling trek. She felt like she was on top of the world when she made it to the top.
Hunter wanted to buy a new house. He saved up for Years and finally bought a brand new home. Hunter was so excited to begin moving into his new home! However, tomorrow night a bad tornado rolled through the area! Hunter was torn apart when he was told that his new home was gone.
Gina was walking around the pool. She was talking on the cell phone. Gary didn't notice however, he was running towards her. He pushed her back and she landed in the pool. Her phone broke since it got soaked.
Kate begged her parents to get her a cell phone, but they refused. They said she'd appreciate it more if she bought it herself. Finally Kate reluctantly got a job delivering papers. She had to save for six months before she could afford a cell phone. And when she bought it, she truly did appreciate its value!
Fran's mother wanted to pierce the baby's ears. It was a tradition to pierce all girl babies' ears after birth. Fran was uneasy with the idea, she wanted to wait. She tried to talk to her mother, who didn't understand Fran. Fran ultimately decided not to pierce her baby's ears.
Hector works hard at his job. He wakes up everyday to work his job in the fields. One day while working he finds something in the dirt. He digs it up to see what it is. Hector found a dead body in the ground and calls the police.
Katie was a very pretty high school girl. She had a crush on the starting quarterback Roy. Roy was already taken by another. One day Kate decided a plan to break them up. Kate decided to find some blackmail on her and stole her away from Roy.
Melody and Johnny bounded excitedly down the stairs on Christmas Day. Mom and dad followed with huge smiles on their faces. Santa had paid a visit, the tree was loaded with gifts under it. The children played endlessly all day long with their new toys. Mom  tucked them in bed with prayers for a new year about to begin.
Dan was getting married in two months. While everything was going great, Dan had a problem. Dan did not know how to dance with his new wife. Dan decided he would sign up for dancing lessons. After his first lesson, Dan was less anxious about his wedding dance.
Nina told Colleen she found a tiny black kitten named Marie. Marie was found shivering outside with a huge 150 pound dog. Colleen remembered dreaming about a black cat the night before. They both thought it was a sign. So Colleen gave the orphan kitten Marie a loving home.
I was sitting down to eat my supper when I heard a knock at the door. I get up to go see who it is and my plate tumbles to the floor. I was so mad I start fussing really loud. When I finally open the door no one was there. I must have scared them with my yelling.
Tom was walking in a store. There were girl scouts outside. The girl scouts asked him to buy cookies. Tom thought about it for a moment. Then Tom purchased several boxes of cookies.
Jesse was checking on his garden. He noticed a lot of bugs on the leaves. Jesse researched how to get rid of bugs without killing his plants. Jesse decided on a natural bug repellant. He went to the store to buy the items needed for the repellant.
The laundromat owners took apart every washing machine and drier. They found about $50 of spare change and 3 mismatched socks. They put the machines back together and made a new sign. The sign was to find the owners of the lost socks. The customers thought that the new sign was very funny.
Henry's house was infested with gnats. He put an old banana peel into a jar. He covered the jar with plastic. Then he poked holes in the plastic. He put the trap in the kitchen to catch bugs.
Anna ordered a pizza one Friday night. They told her it was busy and would be an hour and a half. Anna said okay grudgingly. But when it arrived, it was cold-and had a hair on it! Anna sent it back for a refund and cooked her own food!
Richard signed up at a local modeling agency. He got a gig as an actor on a commercial for a local pizza restaurant. The commercial played all the time. Everyone started to call Richard the pizza guy. Richard regretted doing the commercial.
Cathy's Mom always told her to never play with nail polish. Cathy decided to disobey her Mom when she was out of the house. Everything was going well until Cathy spilled polish on the floor. The bright red polish was all over her Mom's new white carpet. Just then, her Mom walked in and sw what Cathy had done.
Matthew decided to cook his new girlfriend a homemade dinner. He selected a great wine. He settled on a great recipe. While cooking, his dish needed a touch of salt to finish it off. The date was a hit and Matthew is looking forward to his next one.
Suzie always like to tattle on other kids. It gave her a sense of responsibility. She saw Becky pull another girl's hair at recess and was going to tell. Becky saw her and chased her down. Suzie ended up with a black eye that day.
Dagmar went swimming in the pool. She had to pee, so she just went in the pool. A cute boy swam by, and noticed the water was warmer. Rather than being disgusted, he smiled and peed beside her. They both had a pee fetish.
Dante really did not like Tim. Tim was annoying, and had recently said that Dante's mother was fat. That day after school, Dante confronted Tim. Tim repeated his claim, so Dante punched him. Tim recanted his claim, Dante was happy.
Mitchell was giving his first presentation to a group of people. He has stage fright and was very nervous. He practiced day and night talking into his mirror. On the day of the presentation, he went early to practice some more. He did an amazing job, but he did forget to zipper his pants.
Trish and Bob went on a date. They decided to go to a local classical music concert. Trish likes Chopin while Bob prefers Mozart. The concert played music by Mussorgsky. Trish and Bob both ended up disliking the concert.
Toby was excited to see the new blockbuster. He bought his tickets online. At the theater there were many others there. They were all excited about the new movie. The lights went down and the movie started to roll.
The crib for Shelby's baby arrived at the door. She brought it inside and opened it. Then, she read the instructions. She got to work putting it together. In a while, she was done.
David was interviewing a witness. He was a detective with the police department. He was determined to solve the crime. David worked for weeks until he caught a break in the case. He had finally caught the perp!
I looked into his bright blue eyes. He was perfect in every way. He gurgled and kicked his little feet. I smiled at him happily. He was the picture of perfection.
Liz was 3 years old and eating her first ice cream cone. She was so distracted by the great new treat, she tripped on a curb. Liz dropped her ice cream cone onto the street. She was so upset her mother promised to buy her a new one tomorrow. The next day Liz got her ice cream cone and ate it while sitting down.
Ralph loved Papa John's pizza. He had forgotten he had signed up for their rewards program. When he logged into his account he saw he had 20 free pizzas due. Ralph threw a party and got all 20 pizzas free. The next day, Ralph ate at Papa John's again.
Jen is always mad at someone. Today she is mad at me. I don't know why so I asked her. She yelled at me so loud it hurt my ears. I don't want to ever talk to Jen again, she is mean.
Jessica was flying from her mom's to her dad's. She would be an unaccompanied minor for the first time. She was really scared but a nice flight attendant helped her. The woman even held her hand during the take off. Thanks to her, Jessica safely made it to her final stop.
Marion had traveled a lot in her life. So when she died, she had a lot of memorabilia in her house. Her kids gave most of it to different museums. They gave the rest to charity. But they kept one item each to remember her by.
He was a lucky fool at blackjack. Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct. If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life. He doubled down and won! By the end of the night he'd lost it all at roulette.
Jill decided to have her best friend Brad come and decorate her place. Brad was great at decorating and she knew Brad would do well. However to her dismay, she found out her place was ripped apart. Brad out everything in storage and it was a mess. Jill then rethought her decision to have him decorate.
The sales team was told to be on a conference call Friday morning. Candace had thought the team was in trouble for poor sales. To avoid the verbal abuse she called in sick. The sales team was told of a one day sales contest. Candace missed out on the contest because she called off sick.
The day of the field trip had finally came. Grace was so excited to go to the Zoo. When they got there she ran to see the lions. She stayed with them all day because they were her favorite animal. She went home to tell her parents about the Zoo and the lions.
Dina started college. It was too hard so she dropped out. She got a nice paying job however. It allowed her to live paycheck to paycheck. Now, she regrets dropping out of college.
Ever since I was young I dreamed of owning my own place. So, I got a job and saved up lots of money. Finally I started looking for an apartment. I called around and visited a few places. Eventually I found one that I liked and I got approved to live there.
Mary was playing outside when she found a kitten. The kitten was scared and wouldn't let Mary near him. Mary brought the kitten some food and water. The kitten cautiously approached the food and water. The kitten felt safe and let Mary pet him.
The baseball team has struggled for fifteen years. They sold off valuable pieces to rebuild. With dissatisfaction, the front office was overhauled. Talent started to come from the farm team. The team began to win again.
Danielle was having trouble seeing in class. Her teacher recommended an eye test. She took it and failed. They decided she needed glasses. She got fitted for a pair that night.
Jon was vacationing in Prague. He was pickpocketed. He didn't realize his wallet was missing until a few hours later. Jon filed a police report. Luckily, the police caught the thief and returned the wallet.
Sally had a root canal this morning, as she had a damaged root. After the procedure, the dentist wrote her a prescription. She headed straight to the pharmacy to fill her medication. She handed the prescription to the technician and waited patiently. The technician called her name and she paid for the prescription.
Thomas developed an app that kept track of your finances. Thomas was expecting to make a lot of money from the app. After a couple weeks though, he got numerous complaints. Hackers were using the app to get into people's bank accounts. Thomas discontinued the app, having lost money in the process.
Seth told a lie to his friend. His friend found out about Seth's lie. Seth's friend started to distrust things Seth said. Seth and his friend began to drift away. Seth and his friend's friendship ended.
John really wanted to make the high school football team. John trained hard at the gym all Summer. John watched and analyzed films of football plays. John read books on football strategy. John tried out and made the team!
Maya wanted her dad to have a birthday cake. She called three bakeries, but each was too expensive for her! Then she decided to try her hand at baking. Maya ended up cooking her dad a wonderful cake. Her dad told her it was the best birthday ever!
A new playground was made in the school. Teacher's warned not to play there. Maurice went to play there. He got fresh new paint on his clothes. Due to the paint, everyone knew he disobeyed.
Tom loved exploring and seeing the country. He enjoyed taking long road trips. Tom rented a car. Tom wanted to drive from Florida to California. Tom drove from Florida to California.
Ryan liked to act. Ryan auditioned for a play. He got the part. He was very excited. Bryan spent a lot of time practicing.
Andrew was building something in his backyard. It was going to be a jungle gym for his kids. He bolted the beams together. His kids were so excited when they saw it coming together. They couldn't wait to play!
Mason had been caught at school smoking a cigarette. His mom picked him up and yelled the whole way home. In the end she decided to ground him for a month. Mason was so upset, he threw a huge fit at first. Luckily over time he accepted it and the time did pass slowly.
The people were working in their yard. They were building a big, tall fence. They wanted a nice space for their dog to run around in. They worked all weekend to finish it. When they were done, they stepped back and admired their work.
Yani bought himself a new game for his PC. It was through an online distribution network and it had to download. Yani excitedly started the download. He tried to pass the time with other activities. It took hours and Yani was too tired to enjoy the game by the end.
Jessica was a proud mother of a young boy. She wanted him to learn to swim. She hired a swimming instructor. Jessica's son learned to swim. Jessica was happy about her son learning to swim.
I was waiting in line for a very long time one day. Someone tried to cut in front of me, but I said no. They got angry and started saying how they really needed to. I wasn't sure whether to let them or not. At the end I just let them cut in front of me and they were thankful.
Tom was invited to his friend's wedding. He didn't have anybody to go with. He decided to ask a co-worker he liked. She politely turned him down. Tom wound up going alone.
The last week of summer Julie decided to have a cookout. Julie invited her friends and family. Everyone gathered and ate hotdogs and hamburgers. People gathered around the campfire when it got dark. Julie and her friends toasted marshmallows before they went home.
Kale wanted to become a journalist. He wanted the ability to get to the news before anyone else. After joining a news magazine, he enjoyed it for some time. After a while, he realized that a lot of the job was just propaganda. He quit the job after some irrational stories were requested.
One day Nick was playing in his yard. He noticed a very colorful small beetle and picked it up. Nick liked the beetle so much, he decided to keep it. Before keeping it, he decided to look the beetle's species up. He saw that it was an endangered species and decided to let it go.
Kelly was at the store trying to get through the line. She complained and the woman in front got angry. Soon the two women were arguing loudly. Kelly was shocked when the woman reached out and yanked her hair. She retreated and got far away from the woman to protect herself.
Tom got a new grill. He bought steak to cook. Tom invited friends over to eat. When they cut into the steak they were still bloody. Tom just threw the steaks back on the grill.
Cathy was in a rush to get to school. She had to do her makeup much faster than usual. All day, girls gave her some weird looks. Finally, at the end of the day she looked in the mirror. She realized that she had left a big streak in her foundation.
Tom never changed his brake pads. Eventually they started to give out. He was on the freeway and the traffic stopped in front of him. Tom was unable to stop in time. He killed and injured several people.
Johnny always wished he could make better pie than his grandmother's. He worked on his pie recipe day and night to improve it. However, it was never better than his grandmother's pie. One day Johnny and his grandmother decided to make pie together. He found that working together made the best pie he had ever tasted.
Rodney was very clumsy. He couldn't walk ten feet without stumbling on something. People around him always made fun of his antics and it pained him. He tried to pay more attention to what he was doing. But in the end, it was easier to accept who he was and became a clown.
Jill wanted a puppy. She would go to the local shelters every week. She dreamt of this during school each day. Many of her friends had pets. Finally, for her 8th birthday, Jill got the puppy she wanted!
Bobby shoe laces were always untied. His mother told him he was going to trip and get hurt. He never did, so he didn't worry. Then one day at school as he was going down the stairs. He tripped on an untied lace and broke his wrist.
Oliver was making a chocolate cake. He mixed up all of the ingredients in a bowl. Then he put the batter into a pan and put it in the oven. After it came out of the oven, he frosted it. Finally, he enjoyed a slice of cake.
Alice went to the pharmacy. She walked around looking at the perfumes and cosmetics. She put a vial of perfume into her purse. The cashier saw Alice and called the police. The police arrested Alice for shoplifting.
Sometimes I like to listen to music on YouTube with and adblocker. One day I turned the music on and let it play in the background. I worked most of the day, and forgot about the music. At the end of the day, I went to close everything. To my surprise, the ad blocker has blocked over ten thousand ads!
Alicia wanted to go to the fashion show. Her sister had invited her. Alicia was so excited. But then the show got canceled. She couldn't believe it.
Erika went up into the mountains to camp. She saw two figures flying over her head. Luckily she had brought her binoculars! She identified the two figures as eagles! Erika watched the eagles soar above her for hours.
Josie baked six pies for the reunion banquet. Albert brought his fiddle to play for dancing. Susette danced and ate pie and talked to everyone. Arnie finally admitted he did not know Susette. Susette finally admitted she was a reunion crasher.
Tom was in his bedroom. He heard a loud crash in his living room. He ran to see what happened. A tree branch had crashed through his window. Tom was scared but relieved.
There once was a very special raven. This special raven could speak. The raven could only say one word though. The word the raven could say was 'Nevermore'. This proved to be a very useful phrase.
Tim was having a small party. He was playing his playlist. A friend kept asking to play his own music. Tim kept telling him no and getting annoyed. Eventually Tim's friend got angry and left.
Jerry just got a new skateboard. He expeditiously takes it outside to practice his first trick. Jerry fell of the skateboard. He got back up and tried again. Jerry landed his first trick after three tries.
I heard knocking at the rear of the apartment. I hollered who's there at the back door. I didn't hear an answer. I grabbed a baseball bat for for protection. The knocking was just the wind so I didn't need the bat.
Josh has a horrible left batting swing. His coach decided he needed extra practice. He worked with Josh after regular practice. Josh's batting average improved. He was able to hit more balls without striking out.
My son and I had gone out to walk the beach early in the morning. There wasn't anyone else on the beach as we walked along. We could see where the waves had washed jellyfish up on the shore. There were jellyfish everywhere for a long way down the beach. We made our way home without stepping on any jellyfish.
Matt wanted to buy a game but needed money. He came up with an idea of selling used tennis balls. Matt went to the tennis court after dark and collected balls. He posted online that he was selling the balls for a cheap price. A man showed up later and bought the tennis balls from Matt.
Mark was going to a local beekeeper to get some fresh honey. Once he got there the beekeeper asked if Mark would like a tour. Mark decided the tour would be an awesome start to the day. The beekeeper showed him the entire facility. Mark went home and told his family about the experience.
Elsie had nightmares about her kids drowning her in the bathtub. She told Andy about her terrible dreams. Andy said he thought that could happen, knowing her kids. Elsie had to stop her kids from killing her. She told the cops she thought she shot four burglars, breaking in.
Dan was going to school as a Scarecrow for Halloween. He was disappointed in his costume, but it was all he had. He was surprised when he arrived in class and no one laughed. The class lined up for the costume contest. Dan was happy, and surprised to have won the Costume contest.
Betty wanted to be a nurse. She applied for night school. She was accepted, and she began attending night classes. She persevered for a whole year. Then Betty was given her LPN degree!
Amy found a location for her cupcake shop. She found a location she wanted to spruce up. She called a contractor to make some changes. The day the contractor was to show he never came. She ended up losing a week trying to find a new contractor.
The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War. The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams. One side took an early lead but slowly began to lose. The other side reeled in the other team like a fish. The game ended when the first team lose their balance and fell.
I decided to have a wall in my home dedicated to art. I drew many drawings on the wall. My friends drew on the wall too. I was so happy that I showed it to my landlord. My landlord was furious and fined me 500 dollars.
Peanut was a hungry pitbull. He decided to stare at the humans while they ate supper. They did not like Peanut staring at them with his big brown eyes. Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge. Peanut is not hungry anymore.
Eli had his very first sleepover last weekend. He stayed the night with a friend in the neighborhood. He was really excited, as this was the first time. He had fun with his friend and stayed up all night long. The next morning, he rushed home to tell his sister all about it.
Lea was worried about her dog. He had grown plump and sluggish lately. She feared for the worst, but then she got a surprise. She found her dog birthing four tiny puppies. Her boy dog had been a girl dog all along!
Tom had hunting dogs. He wanted to test them out. He and others tested to see if their dogs would find ducks. The test lasted a few hours and everyone got to hang out. Tom's dogs did surprisingly well.
The Wheeler family were very happy. They were on a wonderful ski trip out West. The Wheelers were skiing and having a wonderful time. They all skied down so many slopes. The entire family felt closer and had a very good trip.
The man was thrown in jail. He asked for a phone call. They denied him his right. He made a loud scene in his cell. He was thrown in solitary confinement.
Jason hadn't seen his father in Years. He went to an Irish pub one night. A woman sat down next to him who looked familiar. She called him by name, told him his dad was there. Jason got up without a word and left the bar.
My brother's brother in law called him for help the other day. He was feeling dizzy and my brother took him to the hospital. His bp shot up to 153, then went down to 126. He left the hospital but returned the next day with heart palpitations. It turned out to be stress.
John's apartment was looking quite bleak. He wanted to spice the place up. He went to Walmart to buy some home decor. He bought some house plants. His new apartment looked great with the new plants.
Even had a kitten. The kitten lived inside the house. Even was eating lunch. He put down his plate to go to the restroom. The kitten ate the rest of his food.
Tim lived in a bad neighborhood. He was having dinner with family. There was a drive by nearby. A bullet went into Tim's home. The family was scared for day.s.
Harry was driving on the expressway. One of his tires popped and he lost control. Although a large pickup truck collided into the car, he was safe. He ended up getting out of the car with only a bruised arm. After the cops came, he was immediately sent to a hospital.
Tom's dog was very old. It was sick and in pain. Tom was sad to see it that way. He figured it was time to put him down. Tom took him to the vet and had it done.
Lucy was having a New Years party. She wanted to invite all her friends except Tina. When it came down to the party, Tina was mad. Tina did not respond well to not being invited. She ended up not talking to Lucy again.
Johnny went surfing this weekend alone. He knows you shouldn't surf alone, but he still went. Johnny was having a lot of fun, until he saw a fin. He knew it was a shark, and started to paddle. He made it to the shore, looked back to see it was only a dolphin.
Jay forgot his insulin shot before he went to work. while he was at work he began to feel funny. Then he remembered that he forgot to take his shot. He had his friend drive him home so he could take his shot. Jay got his shot and everything turned out alright.
While taking the trash out Jason noticed a rat. At first the rat scared him because it was dark out. The rat was white with red eyes. The fact that its eyes were red really freaked him out. Once he gathered his courage he successfully scared the rat away.
My niece and her husband are having a baby. He wants to name the baby after his Dad, John. My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl. That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy. When I ask her she just shook her head, pointing at the bathroom.
When I was three years old, I still used a binky. My favorite binky that I used every day said Love Bug on the front. I walked around with it in my mouth all the time. I even sucked on it at the dinner table, only taking it out to eat. I slept with my binky every single night that year.
Tom found a scary mask at the Halloween store. He decided to buy it for a prank. He put it on at night and sneaked into his brother's bedroom. Tom screamed and yelled to wake him up. The brother was really scared and Tom couldn't stop laughing.
My coworker's son was allergic to peanut. One day, one of his classmates had a sandwich. His classmate offered him the sandwich. He forgot to asked what was the butter of the sandwich. After he ate, he begun to scratch his body.
Carl was walking down the street. He found a twenty dollar bill on the floor. Nobody else was around. He took it. Carl paid for gas with it.
Stan wanted to live in a castle. Stan heard about a castle for sale. Stan bought the castle. The castle was cold and uncomfortable. Stan sold the castle.
Sam wanted a pet cat. He went to the pound and ask to look at the cats. There was only one cat left at the pound. The cat was old and fat. Sam got a dog instead.
Lisa loved to make Italian food. She spent an hour making lasagna. Her family loved her recipe! They couldn't wait to sit down to eat. They all ate huge portions of the lasagna.
My grandniece got a job when she turned 16. She worked in a local supermarket. She is lazy, and was not a fast worker. The manager reduced her hours, then let her go. She was disappointed, but said she would work harder at the next job.
Ed sat in the restaurant for 20 minutes waiting for his mom. Just as he was about to give up his cell phone rang. His mother asked him where he was. She was at the Applebee's on Third Street. He was at the Applebee's on Thirty-Third Street!
Drew came out of the roller-coaster. He was excited despite feeling nauseous. Instead of resting, he decided to ride another roller coaster. Before the ticket vendor placed him in inside, he threw up. His mom had to carry him home since he couldn't drive.
Glen let his girlfriend borrow his car. The next morning he had to go to work. The car had no gas in it. He had to stop and get more. It made him late and angry at his girlfriend.
I lived by Shelly for six Year's. She was the most beautiful girl in the world to me. All the boys on my block had a crush on her. One day, I get the courage to ask her out. I go to her door to ask her, and I'm told she left to college
Nina needed to be at a company meeting within the hour. She tried calling a friend to drive her with no luck. Finally, she decided to take the subway instead. She was nervous at first, never having taken one before. Sitting during the commute, she realized it wasn't difficult at all.
Molly really liked ice cream. Molly behaved very well all day and was very polite. After dinner, Molly asked her mom if she could have some ice cream. Her mom simply left the room and Molly was disappointed. But Molly's mom returned with a giant bowl of ice cream!
My 98 year old neighbor got a medal last week. He was a soldier in the US Army during WW II. He was part of the forces liberating France. His neighbor worked for the French government and got him a medal. We took photos with him wearing the medal.
Halloween is coming around the corner and I don't have any plans. I called up some friends, and see what they were doing. All of them said working, so I just sighed and said okay. The day finally came, and I put on my costume. A 25 year old man, walking aimlessly for candy alone.
I needed my glasses the other day. I reached into my pocket to get them. All the sudden I felt two pieces. The glasses were broken. I had to glue them together.
I went to the candy store yesterday. I started to look at the lollipops. I picked up a large lollipop. I went to taste it. When I tasted it it tasted bad.
Lexi had a passion for singing and music. She wanted to sing but was very nervous about performing. Lexi finally got the courage to try to sing. She entered a local talent show in her home town. Lexi took the stage and realized her dreams.
Travis was attending a party. There was a lot of underage drinking at the party. Travis was scared to get in trouble. Travis decided to leave. He went home and played video games the rest of the night.
Dan sanded the top of a table with an electric sander. He left the sander in one spot too long. That spot on the table had a dip in it. Dan did not like the way the table was now. He sold the table for a cheap price.
Marvin wanted a job at the store. Marvin sent in a job application. The store manager called Marvin in for an interview. Marvin impressed the store manager and was hired. Marvin felt happy in his new job.
Shelly has been playing Pokemon Go a lot on her phone. She walks around the neighborhood to catch them. She doesn't pay attention well and stumbled over the sidewalk. When she landed she twisted her foot and broke her toe. Now she has to wear a little cast until it heals.
Tim had worked so hard to have his own store and the day finally came. Tim went out to lunch with friends to celebrate the grand opening. While at lunch, city council showed up at the store to cut the ribbon. They were about to cut the ribbon themselves because Tim was gone. Tim arrived just in time and was able to cut the ribbon himself.
Hallie's birthday was coming up. She had many items on her wishlist. Becky and Cindy wanted her to have a great birthday this year. They worked very hard to make enough money to buy her presents. Hallie realized how lucky she was that her family loved her so much.
Ben was riding his bike fast down the path. He didn't have time to swerve before hitting a deep pothole. He could feel right away that there was something wrong with the bike. The front rim had been badly bent. He had to walk the bike home.
I have been filming a new moving for a class project. I have been working on it for almost a week. The video is due in two days. I wish I would have started on the project sooner. I decided not to procrastinate on my studies any more.
Charlie put on his halloween costume. He was so excited to be Spiderman. He was anxious to go door to door and get candy. Halloween was his favorite holiday. His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy!
Simon invited his girlfriend home for Thanksgiving. As she wasn't catholic, she didn't do the prayer with everyone. Simon's mother was bothered and told him so. Simon left with his girlfriend feeling angry. They finished their dinner in a restaurant alone.
Gary was a great athlete when he was young. He played many sports in his high school years. He even made both the varsity football and basketball teams. At the age of nineteen Gary threw out his back during a football game. His athletic ability was never the same.
Malcolm's son had just turned sixteen. He wanted to get a part time job. Malcolm's friend owned a small grocery store. He was looking for stock boys. Malcom's son went apply at the grocery store.
A cook was carrying an armful of oranged in the kitchen. He dropped one on the floor by accident. As a joke he pretended that it was a soccer ball. He kicked the orange across the kitchen. It landed in a pot and he cheered!
Jake was cleaning his car. He accidentally scratched his car with a brush. It left a large mark on the side of his door. Jake took his car to an auto repair shop. They were able to buff out the scratch in a few minutes.
Peter decided to organize a party for friends. He prepared some meat and vegetables for barbecue. He was happy to start grilling. But he found out he is out charcoal. He asked a friend to bring him some.
Pretty though she may be, Sally had a dark secret. Sally had her unborn twin growing inside of her. One day, the twin popped out. It started singing and dancing, and Sally screamed. The twin grew quickly, and soon took over Sally's identity.
Emily was scared to go to the dentist. It was her first visit. The visit went fine. Emily didn't have any problems. Emily wasn't afraid of going to the dentist.
Bob always had a tough time with credit cards. He would always spend too much on them. So his wife recommended they cut them up. They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt It was the best thing they could have done.
The man was being chased. He hid inside a dumpster. He lost his pursuer. He walked out of the alley. His pursuer was right down the block.
When I was driving during the night, a man was on the road. He stood in the middle and didn't bother to move. I stopped on the side of the road and got out of my car. When I came close to him, he tried to steal my car keys. He fell down when I kicked him.
Bob was eating dinner when he felt something funny in his mouth. As he was chewing he bit down on something hard. He spit out the piece and found out it was part of his tooth. It did not hurt so he kept eating. About a week later his tooth felt funny because it was so jagged.
Tim was fairly active and healthy. During a checkup his doctor noticed something weird. Tim was diagnosed with late stage cancer. He had only a few months to live. Tim was shocked and depressed by the news.
The boy went into the room. His favorite truck wasn't there. He looked around. He looked under the couch. His truck was under the couch.
Rita is driving to work. It's pouring Rain outside. Her car starts to make a loud noise. She pulls over and pops the hood. The engine is blown and she calls for help.
Bongo Joe grabbed his Bongos and walked down the street. He would play a tune for the people who walked passed him. Every few people handed him a tip for his great rhythms. With all the money, Bongo Joe bought a second set of bongos. Now when he goes out, his friend follows him with the other set.
My brother emailed me yesterday. An owner had an open house for his condo. It was offered at $500K. My brother was shocked, as he paid $90K for his unit in 1986. His wife is urging him to sell and move out.
Benny had a busy day in work today. When he came home, he wasn't able to study for his classes. He fell asleep. Since all of his classes have exams in 1-2 days, he tried to study. He pulled an all-nighter to study, although he didn't study enough.
Rufus liked to explore the city dump. He had found lots of interesting things there. He went there to look for furniture. He found an old nightstand. He brought the nightstand home, cleaned it and kept it.
Camryn was very excited to get her ears pierced. On her birthday her mom took her. It really hurt. She picked out some really pretty earrings. She felt a lot better.
Yesterday I went to the park. I played hide and seek with my friends. I tried to hide very well. My friend found me first. I ended up being the seeker.
Nora wasn't a very careful driver. She often talked on her phone while driving. One day, she ran into a fire hydrant. The officer ticketed her. Now, Nora is more careful when she drives.
The campers awoke to loud noises outside their tent. They looked outside. Bears were going through their things. They thought they had secured the food appropriately. Until a little cub walked off with a pack of Oreos in its mouth.
My wife had a bad cough last week. She saw a doctor and got some meds. I asked my homeopathic friend for some remedies. She recommended we buy B&T cough syrup. By the time we got it her cough had gone away.
Terrance wants to be a football player. He tries out for a NFL  club. He gives it everything he has. He does very well. The team offers him a spot on the team.
Lars ordered a pumpkin spice latte. Someone told him that was a very white person thing. He replied they should try it. They took a sip. They admitted that drink was delicious.
Ed was a lonely middle aged farmer who had never married. A friend once told him about mail order brides. Ed decided to look into it, and found a bride he wanted. He paid for the woman to come to him and married her. Ed surprisingly loved his wife, and the two lived happily together.
Barry had a dog. The dog became sick. Barry took the dog to the hospital. His dog had developed cancer. A year later, his dog died.
Carl received an inheritance when his father passed away. He wanted to invest some of the money. Carl researched many stocks and decided where to invest his money. He chose to help one of his family businesses. Carl made a large investment and secured his family's future.
It was Sam's birthday yesterday. She got a birthday cake and presents. Everyone had fun except for her. She cried. She couldn't get over the fact that she was so old.
Rick's mother was having a birthday. Rick let his daughters, age 4 and 6, plan the party. The girls made signs and hung them. They also decorated the cake. For their grandparents, it was the best party ever.
Olivia was planning her wedding. She needed to find the perfect wedding song. She listened to countless songs but none were quite right. She decided to take a break to rethink everything. Then as she relaxed the perfect song came to her mind.
The child was in line at a carnival game. When she got to the carnival game, she was given a baseball. She took careful aim at the pyramid of glass bottles. She threw the ball. It missed by three feet.
Jake started twitching in his hospital bed. The nurses rushed in to see what was the matter. Jake tried to speak, but all that came out was a gasp. Blood started spurting out of his eyes and nose. The nurses cringed and backed away as Jake died.
Christine was looking into a Christmas tree. Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree. Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her. After researching, Christine decided to purchase an artificial tree. Christine was glad to see her tree decorated in living room.
Maria was taking a shower. She forgot her towel in her bedroom. The blinds in her bedroom were open. Maria didn't want anyone to see her naked from outside. Maria crawled into her room to get her towel.
My neighbor Dan was an idealist. He quit his $90K a year job. He spent a lot of time volunteering at soup kitchens. He got my son, 15 at the time, to also work in the kitchens. To this day my son volunteers at a soup kitchen.
Reginald didn't enjoy going to school much. He would rather play outside. One day, they were learning about opinions in his class. His teacher asked him what his favorite subject was in school. The only response he could think of was recess.
Saturdays had traditionally been Fried Rice day. Jess always made the best fried rice and today was no exception. She took out all the ingredients and made enough fried rice for all. She served the rice and her family ate it all with glee. After dinner, the family helped clean up the kitchen.
Andrew was overweight and very lazy. One day Andrew's mom got him a gym pass. Andrew started going to the gym with his mother. Andrew realized that walking on a treadmill was easy. Now Andrew is much healthier.
Castillo loved to buy hats. He had over fifty hats in his collection. One day, he found a great hat at the store. The only issue was it was very expensive. Castillo saved his money and bought the hat.
Vickie was going to run in a race. She was really excited about it. She prepared for three months. She ran everyday. One the day of the race she got 2nd place!
Anna's house smelled terribly. She took out the trash, but the smell persisted. She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it. Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach. When Anna brought it in, the smell was finally gone!
I boarded a flight to Minnesota from Florida very nervously. I'm not a fan of flying but I had to do it. As the plane took off I was very shaky and nervous. After about an hour I became very calm and everything was fine. When the plane landed I was completely fine and not nervous at all.
Callie ate some yummy fajitas for dinner. The next morning, she felt horrible. She stayed home sick and was throwing up all day. Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas. From then on, she hated the taste of them.
Cody found a lost dog. The next day he saw a sign posted with a picture of the dog. Cody called the number on the sign. The owner lived a few blocks away. Cody was happy to return the dog to the owner.
Tim was mostly a light beer drinker. He was at a college party. Everyone was doing shots. Tim was offered to do some as well. He was uneasy and turned down the offers.
Martin wants to be a father. He discusses starting a family with his fiancee. They decide to start trying for a baby immediately. A few weeks after their wedding, Martin's new wife shares the news. Martin and his wife are expecting a baby.
Lou decided to surprise his girlfriend with a gourmet meal. Pouring over cookbooks, he decided on cooking surf and turf. At the market, Lou carefully chose the very best quality ingredients. Lou spent all day slowly cooking the meal to make sure it was perfect. After dinner, Lou's girlfriend said he should become a chef.
Yesterday I went to the aquarium. We waited in line for two hours. When we got in the building we were upset. They told us they closed the main exhibit. It was disappointing.
May was speeding through the town of Evans. Then she saw flashing lights in her mirror. She pulled over and waited. A cop approached and handed her a speeding ticket. May knew she had to slow down in the future!
My cell phone lanyard broke on Wednesday. I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand. The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off. I started looking online to buy another lanyard. My wife was able to repair the lanyard, so I did not have to buy one.
Charles was lying in bed when he got a phone call. It was the video store. The video store manager got angry and asked for their movie back. Charles return the movie to the video store. Charles was charged a fine.
A strange cat was in Kate's house. Her mother was scared of cats. She grabbed the broom and started chasing the cat. It tried to hide behind the couch. Kate's mom became very strong and flipped the couch over.
Tripp wanted to do something special for his wife. He arranged for a limo to pick her up from work. He told her to dress up. The limo took her to a restaurant. When she arrived, he was waiting with chocolate and roses.
I lost my job last winter. I was able to float on savings for a while. I was not able to find work for almost a year. I was forced to move out of my apartment. I now live in a homeless shelter.
Mary's dog has a herniated disc. Jumping on the couch could injure him more. Mary misses snuggling on the couch with her dog. Mary's husband made a ramp so the dog could get on the couch easily. Mary can now snuggle with her dog on the couch.
Amy was in an online classroom for training for work. Amy volunteered when the teacher asked since no one else did. The question asked was harder than Amy expected She answered the question to the best of her ability. Amy was embarrassed when her answer was incorrect.
Sheila took a day off to go to the spa. She wanted a pedicure and manicure. She chose red for the color. The spa workers gave her a great manicure. Her fingernails looked beautiful for the rest of the week.
Bob wanted to go into business for himself. He started a Christmas tree farm. He was nervous about having such a seasonal business. He planted and nurtured and marketed those trees. That winter Bob made one hundred thousand dollars!
She began rolling a large ball of snow. She had never made a snowman before. She realized the snow wasn't sticking very well. She made it as big as possible. She started working on the body of the snowman.
Trent's stepmother was very abusive. One day, he ran away from home. He made it fifty miles away, to the town where his aunt lived. He was nervous, as he'd not seen the woman since he was a toddler. She took him in and filed a petition to get custody of the boy.
Erin was great at sewing. She was working on a new skirt. When it was finished, she put it on and twirled around. The skirt was beautiful! Erin was proud of the work she had done.
Rick was opening up his birthday presents. He had received 2 of the same presents! 2 of his friends had gotten him the same video game. Rick was able to return one of the games at the store the next day. Rick bought a new game controller with the money.
Frank was on a long trip in the car. He had brought his favorite toy car with him. One evening, he was trying to play with it but couldn't find it. Him and his mom searched everywhere but never found it. Frank realized that he must have left it in a restaurant.
Ana ran an impromptu soup kitchen out of her home on Christmas. She had to think of cheap food to cook large amounts of. She made a lot of rice, pasta, potatoes, and the like. She also made her famous chicken noodle soup. Ana served 224 meals to 224 hungry, grateful people.
Fran wasn't happy in her marriage. So she went out and found herself a lawyer to get some advice. The lawyer suggested a trial marital separation. Fran filled out all of the paperwork and filed. She is now legally separated from her husband.
Ben raced down the stairs. His foot slipped out from under him. He crashed head first into door. His head started bleeding. He went to the doctor's office to get the wound closed.
Kyle was excited for an upcoming video game. He had worked hard for his father to earn some money. Kyle bought the game the day it released. However, Kyle was disappointed it did not meet expectations. Fortunately he was able to refund it for full price.
Leslie was the boss at a branch of a large retail company. She got an email saying she had one too many employees on her payroll. She had to fire somebody by the end of the fiscal year. She knew that this was going to be an easy decision to make. Leslie just fired the employee with the lowest sales performance.
Alex slurped down the strawberry Jell-o with gusto. He decided it was his most favorite thing, ever! Alex's sister watched him sitting at the table enjoying the Jell-o. She asked if he was aware they made it from horse's hooves. Alex decided he didn't like Jell-o so much, after all.
Lucas was at football practice after school. Coach asked Lucas and the others for their signed permission slips. Lucas realized he had left his permission slip at home. He called his older sister and asked her to bring the slip to school. She arrived soon after with the slip and cookies for the whole team.
It is hunting season in the northern part of the county. After getting a permit, I packed my truck with the needed equipment. I requested time off from my job. When the weekend came, I quickly headed north. I didn't catch anything, but I still had a great time.
I went inside an elevator at my work. I needed to get to the second floor. I press the up button and the elevator doors closed. However, the elevator didn't move and the doors didn't open. I was stuck inside an elevator for almost three hours.
I sent a text message to Ann who lives in another country. The message says that I love her. After a few days, still didn't receive a response. I began to freak out however, I got a reply from her that day. She said that she has the same feelings for me.
Ava was eager to take her new dog for a walk. The dog escaped the collar and ran down the street. Ava chased her but couldn't catch up. She spent all night looking. She returned home to find her new dog sitting on the porch, waiting.
David likes to go to the beach. The other day he decided to go there and took some friends with him. They spent their day at the beach kayaking. Afterwards they had a picnic lunch on the shore. At the end of the day they were very tired.
The family was melting lots of cheese. They were going to have fondue! They cut up vegetables and bread. They dipped each thing into the melty cheese. It was delicious!
Brad was getting ready for the fishing contest. He got to the lake and set out his tackle box. His fishing pole was ready to cast. The contest had five other people. Brad's line tangled on the first cast.
Johnny was trying to get into better shape but was anxious about it. He convinced his friend Jacob to go with him the first time. While at the gym Johnny ended up making friends and enjoying himself. Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help. Ever since, Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance.
Lenny played soccer in high school. He was good enough to get a scholarship for college. Lenny injured his knee while playing soccer in college. His dreams of becoming a professional soccer player were dashed. Now Lenny sells software for a living.
Rick brought a bag of cereal to school. But he didn't eat it all. He left it in his backpack and forgot about it. But he discovered it a few weeks later. Rick felt guilty about wasting the old cereal and ate it.
Mark had a girlfriend but started to see her less and less. Eventually he wouldn't see her for several days at a time. He finally got in touch with her and she broke up with him. He didn't know why but needed to know. She told him she met someone else and it devastated Mark.
Mary was a baker and loved making pies to sell. She would make a new flavor of pie each day for people to try. Today, she was trying a very unique flavor of banana and cherry. The pie was a complete hit, and people urged her to make it again. Mary decided she would make the pie a regular item in her bakery.
Bob heard that the new video game was released. He quickly ran to the store. There was a massive line. After a few hours, he finally got in the store. Luckily, the game was not sold out and he was able to buy it!
The man invited his friend to church. His friend did not believe. The man reminded him of the free food. His friend agreed to go. The church was so nice that the friend joined.
Billy dreamed of one day owning a skateboard. Billy decided he would save up his allowance to buy a skateboard. Billy finally saved up enough money to buy his very own skateboard. Billy went to the store and purchased  skateboard. Billy happily skated on his skateboard.
Tara had a bad knee. It always hurt very much during a storm. That day, it was raining a lot and her knee was painful. She put some cream on it, but it didn't help. Only when the rain stopped did she find some relief.
Rowan was really nervous about her first school dance. She didn't think she was good at dancing. Her mom wanted her to feel confident. She signed her up for some lessons. It made all the difference!
Jasmine always spoke in a soft voice. People had to strain their ears to hear her. When she performed at the school's concert, everyone was shocked. She sang so beautifully, no one believed it could come out of her. But as soon as she was done, she went back to speaking softly.
Kelly was out for a jog. She loved jogging in the woods. As she was jogging however, she ended up tripping. When she tripped she skinned her knee. Kelly had to get a band aid.
Frankie had Christmas shopping to do. She went to the store. Inside, she walked around looking for gifts. Soon her cart was full. She paid and took her things home.
Jim loved to play football with his friends in the park. No one would ever wear pads or any protection. One day Jim tackled a boy that was much bigger than he was. When Jim got up he couldn't move his arm. Jim had broken his collarbone and needed a sling for six weeks.
Rick finally went to visit the local waterpark. He couldn't believe how many rides there were. Rick decided to go on every single one. Afterwards, it was so late that it was time to go home. Rick decided he wanted to visit the waterpark again soon.
As I was driving to work, it started to rain. This made me mad because I had just washed my car the day before. The was a pothole full of mud in the middle of the road. I couldn't help but drive over it, making my car dirty again. I was even madder now, because I had to wash my car again.
John was at work. His boss decided to assign him extra work. John did all the extra work very fast and well. John's boss was impressed with his work. John got a bonus in his next paycheck.
Jim was addicted to playing video games. He would skip class everyday to play video games. He would spend upwards up 18 hours a day playing video games. Jim eventually flunked out of school. Jim dropped out of school to pursue a career in professional gaming.
Ron had a craving for pasta. On his way home from work he stopped at the grocery store. He bought everything he needed then went home and started dinner. He was halfway through when he realized he forgot noodles! Ron quit on dinner and ordered pasta carryout instead.
Tom's girlfriend Katie gets him a job at the restaurant she works at. Tom has a panic attack. Tom abandons his job at the middle of his shift. Katie's boss fires Tom. Tom's lack of commitment threatens his relationship with Katie.
Ana's parents went to the 9/11 war memorial. At first Ana was grumpy and didn't want to go. She didn't feel personally affected by the war. But the memorial made her realize how personal war truly was. In the end, And was glad she had decided to come along.
Gina was unloading her water from her car at home. She counted the gallons as she took them to the house. She needed 7 gallons. But she only had 6 of them. Gina realized she didn't have enough water for the week.
When I first saw Presto's picture, I knew he needed to be my dog. On his first day home, however, he proved to be quite the challenge. He attacked our neighbors dogs, and howled through the night. After years of frustration, I committed myself to helping him. One year and hours and hours of training later, we're both happier!
Jim ordered a sandwich at at sandwich shop. He pointed at the lettuce. Jim said to skip the lettuce. The worker nodded and followed instructions. The worker finished the sandwich and asked Jim if it was ok.
I listened to some music today. The singer was very good. I listened to all of his music. I liked it all very much. Then I bought tickets for his concert next month.
Jay wanted to get a six pack. He lost a lot of weight. He then did ab workouts everyday. He got signs of abs in the second week. By the second month, he had a six pack
Tom was painting the fence in his front yard. His friend Carl walked by and asked him if he wanted to play baseball. Tom explained he couldn't go out until he finished his chores. Carl nodded and asked if Tom had an extra paintbrush. The two friends then painted the fence together.
Stephanie has been gearing up for a dance recital on this Saturday! She's been practicing for weeks on end Her training has includes lots of multiple steps. She's improved on her techniques and skills every day. Today she gets to show everyone what she's learned and she's excited!
Bob's wife was from Paris. He knew that recently she's been missing Paris. Bob secretly arranged a two week trip to Paris for the two of them. Bob presented his wife with this surprise on her birthday. Bob's wife became tearful and told Bob she loves and appreciates him.
Three young teens spent their summer at a manor house, bored. The rain kept them indoors, so they wrote scary stories. At night they read to each other for amusement. But the stories were so good, all three got published! Their stories ended up being read and loved by the whole world!
Tod arrived home from school. But he realized that he forgot his house key. His neighbor offered Tod inside his house. And they had a good time playing videogames together. Tod and his neighbor decided to hang out after school everyday.
We did not have that much in common. I tried to make small talk with her. The seat next to her was empty. We ate at a fancy restaurant. My track team had decided to go out.
There was a man who spent his whole life in front of a computer. Day after day, he felt like he was wasting some unknown talent. One day, his wife forced him to go with her to her pottery class. He reluctantly went and to his surprise, really enjoyed it! He immediately put in his two weeks notice and picked up the clay.
Johnny was a meter monitor. He started stealing small amounts of coins. He progressed to stealing hundreds of dollars per day. A government accountant alerted officials that money was missing. The police followed Johnny and then arrested him for stealing.
Benedict stole money from his neighbor's house. The neighbor called the cops. When they came, they were able to stop Benedict. I took the blame by telling them that I stole the money. They attached handcuffs on my hands and took me to jail.
James was taking a drive through the countryside. He had a map of the area on his phone. About an hour into his drive, the phone went dead! James didn't know what to do. He turned around and tried to find his way back home.
Blake took out his revolver and cocked it. He aimed at the target slowly but steadily. He fired the revolver and a deafening roar howled through the canyon. When he looked at the target, no bullet holes were there. However, his trusted donkey, Fred, was dead.
Yesterday my laptop cracked. It was a horrible occurrence. I was upset because I loved that screen. Thankfully I was able to get it fixed today. Now it looks as good as new.
Tricia thought it would be nice to invite Susan to her wedding, So she handed over an invitation. Susie looked at it and gave it back. She was not amused. Susie had no interest in going to the wedding.
Jane bought a new lipstick today. It was called Hot Havana Red. She loved it and wore it so confidently. When she got home she saw a magazine article about lipstick. It read, Hot Havana Red the prostitutes signature, Jane felt so sad.
Julie has wanted to lose weight for many Year's. This year she decides to try a special diet. She starts eating fewer fatty foods. Julie starts to lose weight. She is very happy that her special diet worked.
Chris was a happy 13 year old boy. His birthday was coming up. He only asked for a remote control car for his birthday. He received many presents. He liked his surprise gift of inline skates the best.
Rick's lawn mower died. After a lot of research he decided to buy an electric lawn mower. He chose battery operated over plug-in. It was so quiet he could talk on the phone while he mowed. Rick enthusiastically welcomed the new technology.
Ann planted a tree when she was very young. As she aged, the tree did, too. When she graduated from high school, the tree was twenty feet tall. Ann moved away a long time ago. When she visited last week, she drove by again to see how tall it is.
Louise wanted to learn to grow onions. It required many steps and Louise failed her first attempts. Finally she got a successful plant growing. She harvested the onions and hoped for the best. Luckily, they were delicious and juicy.
Bob went to the movie theater looking for a job. The manager said he could either be a projectionist or ticket taker. Bob took the job of projectionist. He went to the projection booth to start work right away. After the movie ended, the people cheered for Bob's great work.
When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course. She didn't feel comfortable in class with the teacher. When she saw the teacher at school she would avert her eyes. She didn't want to be asked when she was coming to class again. Amy felt bad afterwards for being rude.
Amy hadn't answered any of Kim's calls. So Kim went over Amy's house. She was shocked Amy was in a good mood. Amy explained she was no longer feeling down. Kim was pleased to see her friend was in a better mood.
Colin worked as an on-call electrician. He was called in to help rewire a house for a small family. Collin was very kind to the family while he worked on their house. The children of the family had the idea to make Collin a treat. On his last day of work, Collin received a batch of fresh cookies.
Tom had trouble getting a job with a degree in journalism. He applied to several jobs outside of his field. Tom got an interview with the HR department at Ernst and Young. It went pretty well for him. Now, Tom works there.
Tom's tennis team was supposed to have a tournament on Tuesday. However, it rained on Tuesday morning, canceling the tournament. Tom was disappointed because he was supposed to meet a friend there. Later, that friend called to ask if they could meet at a gym instead. Together, they played indoor tennis and enjoyed themselves.
Joe wanted a new name. He wanted a name everyone loved. He would call himself Superman from then on. Everyone laughed when he called himself Superman. He then decided to stick with Joe.
Joan decorated her classroom, excited about open house. She arranged the kindergarten students' art around the room. On the evening of open house, she found her class door barricaded. Inside, a man was spraying pesticide. On the floor were dead bugs attracted to the kids' cereal art.
Bill loved to run. Bill ran five miles every day. One day, Bill slipped on a rock and broke his leg. The doctors told Bill that he could never run again. Bill is very sad that he will never be able to run again.
Julie went to the office to pay her rent. The office was closed. Julie left the rent check in a drop off mailbox. Julie had forgotten to fill out the check! The next day Julie went back to the office and fixed her mistake.
It was below zero outside. Marty was feeling very cold! So, Marty decided to light a fire in his fireplace. Marty sat next to his fire in his fireplace. Marty began to feel much warmer!
Brian was my ex-boyfriend of two years. It had been several years since we broke up. He tracked me down via all of my social media. After ignoring him for so long, I confronted him and told him to stop. He didn't stop until I blocked him from all social media.
Evan saw tiny minnows in the creek behind his home. He decided to catch some for pets. He used a net to chase them with. But none of the minnows were slow enough to be caught! Finally, Even gave up on the idea of having minnows as pets.
A few weeks ago, our family went to Washington, DC. My husband had tickets to an Orioles game. The only day it rained was the day of the game. He only saw one inning and one at-bat. He was sad, but there's no crying in baseball.
Jasmine was bored at her house. She had just finished her homework. She decided to play with her kitten to entertain herself. Her kitten accidentally bit her in the leg while playing. Jasmine had to wash and patch her leg up afterwards.
Telly Abelly was a racist. He spent most of his days worrying about immigrants and racial purity. Telly spent most of his life in fear, but also refused to pay debts. One day, Telly was stabbed by a Vietnamese immigrant. As it turns out, the immigrant was a son of a man Telly owed.
The teacher was preparing a difficult midterm for his students. He gave them study guides and told them to study hard. One the day of the test, the students had a difficult time. The teacher graded the tests and saw that the average score was a C. He gave them a curve, which bumped up the average to a B.
Susie was having a sleepover and wanted to make some pizzas. Susie and her friends rolled out the dough and sprinkled toppings. Her friends choose pepperoni, cheese, spicy sauce and mushrooms. Susie then put the pizzas in the oven for about 20 minutes. Once the pizzas were cooled they were ready to eat.
Gina's parents had been house hunting. Gina had already seen one of the homes. Her parents brought them to see another house. Gina would need to share a room with her sisters in this house. She was not excited about moving back in with her sisters.
I was working hard on my laptop in my home office. Suddenly, I heard a loud noise. I look out my office window. And, I saw a salesman. Because I didn't need anything, I went back to work.
Jeff really liked his new rug. One day, two bad men came and took his rug. Jeff was sad because the rug really tied the room together. Jeff got a phone call from the people who took his rug. The people said they had a special job for Jeff.
I had a best friend named Angela, as a child. I would play over her house everyday. One day, I was forced to play in the basement because of her grandma. I was told her grandma was racist, and I was very disturbed. I loved her so much, I still played at her house.
Toby was unemployed. He began looking for work. He sent his resume out to many companies. After two months of this, he was still unemployed. He finally found work at a fast food restaurant.
Our son in law's mom Mia got a new job. She had to get to a commuter rail station. She let her daughter Tia drive her there and pick her up. On the second day, Tia said she could not pick her mom up. Mia took a cab home, and was angry at her daughter.
Raj was doing a human intelligent task on Mechanical Turk. His task was to create a video acting out a script provided by others. The script called for a vacuum cleaner to be repaired. Raj didn't own a vacuum cleaner. He filmed himself sucking on a tube in front of his sink instead.
I was looking forward to going to a restaurant recommended by friends. My friends told me that you have to try the fish. My husband and I both ordered the fish and got ill. The diagnosis in the emergency room was food poisoning. We reported the restaurant to the health department.
At the campground on vacation there was an arcade. My sister and I were playing games there when the weather got bad. We heard a crack of thunder and realized we should go. So we started running back to the campsite. But it poured rain and we got so soaked.
Jane was overweight. She was really self conscious about it. Her friends invited her to the beach. Jane was afraid to wear a swimsuit in front of everyone. She mostly covered herself with a towel.
Matt was always a bit racist. He would say racial slurs jokingly. One of his friends confronted him about it. Matt got defensive and angry. They stopped being friends.
Chris has a math test. He had been studying for a week. He was more ready than ever. When he got to class, he knew it all. He was glad to get his test back with an A on it.
Janet fell down the stairs at work one day. For many months her knee was in pain. She didn't think it was a big deal. Janet finally went to the doctor to get her knee checked out. She needed emergency surgery on her knee.
Joe was a good swimmer and decided to try out for a swim team. He practiced his swim strokes all summer long. In the fall he tried out for his school's swim team. He tried his hardest and completed all the practice laps. Joe found out the next day that he had made the team.
Jack and Jill were very excited! The carnival had come to town. They rode every ride and ate some cotton candy. They played some games and won a prize. They couldn't wait until next year!
Joey had an old bike in his garage that he never used. So he decided to give it away. He left it by the curb outside his house. And someone picked it up. The person decided to have a yard sale and sold it.
There was a boy looking for a women. He was always shy around the girls. One night he got courage. He took a stand and asked a girl out. She said yes and they went on a great date.
A man wanted to increase his flexibility He began watching yoga videos on youtube. He followed along diligently. He practiced everyday. He saw his flexibility increase dramatically.
Jason woke up late one morning. He leapt out of bed, wondering why his alarm hadn't woken him. He barely made it out of the house on time for work. But on the way to the office he realized that it was Sunday. Jason swore he would never make that mistake again!
I got a ticket for parking a car in a red zone. When I saw the ticket, I realized I had never parked on that street. I went to court to contest the ticket. They showed me photographs of a different car. It turns out they had the wrong license plate number, and I won.
Jay was at the beach. The waves were bigger than usual. Jay was knocked over. The tied almost took him under. Jay got out of the water and didn't go back in.
Ian found out that Glady cheated on her. She talked to him and asked to overlook her infidelity. He wasn't convinced and arranged a divorce. Since he was the family's breadwinner, he won sole custody of the kids. Glady lived by herself in a small apartment.
Maria laughed at her three colleagues, they were pregnant. Maria didn't have a boyfriend and went out on a date with a coworker. He made Maria sexually aroused and they made love. Six weeks later Maria was pregnant. Her colleagues laughed at her for being pregnant like them.
Mark has always been a great shot. Someone bet him $5000 that he could not hit a dime from 100 yards. He decided to take up the challenge after thinking about it. He ended up hitting the dime and winning the $5000. He's now a rifle marksman for the US Navy.
I had a very old piano that sounded strange. I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it. The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money. I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away.
Sean's car started overheating. He remembered a trick to cool it down. He turned on his heater to max. It helped keep the car going until he got to a mechanic. Once at the mechanic it was fixed up promptly.
My daughter's college friend was born in Korea. Her father is Italian and her mother is Korean. She recently gave birth to a baby girl in America. She took the girl to Korea for a baby ceremony. The grandparents were very proud.
Jake had a lot of friends. He invited them all over for a New Year's Eve party. The party got wild and out of control. The police broke it up after a few hours. Jake got arrested for hosting the wild affair.
Amanda had a long walk home. She put her scarf around her neck. The scarf kept her warm. She snuggled into it when the cold wind blew. Amanda was happy she had dressed appropriately for the weather.
One day a very unfit man decided to get fit and run a marathon. He trained hard for many months and made slow progress. He hired a trainer to help him and his progress sped up. Months passed and eventually he was fit and ready. He ran the marathon and came in third place!
Kim had a lot of bad relationships. She finally found a guy who she liked. He was pretty good for her. Unfortunately she was too apprehensive and cut off. The relationship didn't work out.
Jon loved dairy. Jon had a special infatuation with ice cream. One morning, he woke up ill. The dairy was actually making him ill. Jon had to cut dairy from his diet.
John likes martial arts. He trains in judo three times a week. His instructor thinks he is very talented. John plans to enter a competition. He won a first place trophy and his coach was very proud.
Lucy wanted her grandma to buy some snacks. Her grandma was not fond of junk food. Lucy had been with her grandparents for 3 months. She hadn't any chips in that entire time. She begged and begged, but her grandma refused to buy potato chips.
Jake was having trouble making ends meet. His job did not give him enough hours and he was behind on rent. He decided to start working on Mturk for extra money. Jake worked long hours the days he did not have to go to work. He made enough money to pay his rent on time!
They sat and thought for hours. They didn't know how to save their jobs. They had been given pink slips. They would have to pack their desks in the morning. They drank and mourned the future.
Yesterday i went to the theater to see the new Star Wars movie. I was rather excited. When we finished the movie I was proud. I then proceeded to buy another ticket. I just had to see it again.
A stuntman had to prepare for a stunt where he fell. He went to a mattress store to test them for landing on. The stuntman jumped off a ladder on a mattress. He bounced right off and landed on his back. The stuntman decided he needed a bigger mattress.
Sherry adored her husband Henry, and they'd been married for Years. He surprised her one day as they made love by singing to her. She let his beautiful and gentle song draw her in. As he continued to sweetly hum to her, she sickened at a realization. Henry had always been tone deaf.
Lucy and her grandpa wanted to see a movie. The movie had sold out early. Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie. Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead. Grandpa agreed and they saw her 2nd choice option.
I got home and nobody was home. I decided to browse the internet. Nobody else was home hours later. I decided to play the flute. I enjoyed my afternoon home alone.
Eric wanted a new set of baseball cards. He saved up his allowance for 2 weeks. He rode his bike to the sports store. Eric picked out his favorite stack of cards. He was very excited to get them home!
Benny was a dog that grew up with a family. One day Benny got out of the house and ran far. Benny for lost and scared. He sniffed around and looked for his family. Eventually his family found him in the woods.
A fire alarm went off in the building today. The alarm was loud. The fire doors slammed shut. Two fire engines responded. Luckily it was only smoke from cooking, and the alarm was reset.
Max always wanted to be a pro golfer. His parents wanted him to be a doctor. They sent him away to medical school against his wishes. The school groundskeeper found Max one late night. He was out in the field, working on his putting skills.
Kyle wanted to play a trick on Wes. Wes left his drink on the table and excused himself. Kyle put hot sauce in Wes's soda. Wes came back and took a sip. Wes ran and spit his drink into the sink.
Lou was getting his hair cut for prom. The barber was razoring around his hairline. All of a sudden, the barber sneezed. The razor raked up Lou's head leaving a bald streak. Lou's date was not pleased when he showed up with a baseball cap.
Priya loves video games. When she finds one she likes, she'll spend days upon days playing. She keeps up with all gaming news. Priya has finally decided to start streaming games. Now she makes money doing what she loves.
I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog. I went to the local animal shelter and was brought to a room. I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon. She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest. I chose to bring Cinnamon home with me that day.
Steve's parents were going out of town and found him a babysitter. He was mad because at 15, he didn't think he needed a sitter! Then the sitter arrived - a gorgeous girl named Lindsay. Steve quickly decided he wanted a babysitter after all. And after she was his sister, Lindsay became his girlfriend!
Gerard came to work in his underwear that morning. He didn't realize until his secretary told him. Embarrassed, he went back home to change. But he couldn't find his house again. He was surprised when the doctor later said he was losing his memory.
Mitch had a nasty case of pneumonia. Coming back from the doctor, he drove on the wrong side of the road. No one had any physical injuries. He wasn't punished because he was so sickly delirious. Now when he gets sick, he lets others drive him to his appointments.
The family had driven for twenty hours. Finally, they were at the beach. They walked along the sand and stared at the water. It was a peaceful and relaxing sight. They thought the long drive had been worth it!
Last week my friend sold 1,000 books. He had to deliver them from Boston to Virginia. He rented a truck and drove them down. He took the train back to Boston. I was glad my friend, who was homeless, is working again.
Mike always loved to go fishing. One day, he went to the lake and set his gear up. He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line. He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish! He was so excited to show his friends his catch!
Amber was excited! She was finally going to learn how to scuba dive. She gathered up all the equipment. It was so heavy she couldn't walk! Amber put on all the gear and got into the water.
Matt is moving away. He said bye to all his friends. He wanted a last party. His friends threw him a moving away party. He cried but is happy.
Trish went to listen to a service at a church about finances. She learned to list all her debts from smallest to largest. She was then instructed to start paying off the smallest first. Once she paid off one she needed to pay off the next one in order. She began to do this and was able to pay off 4 bills in 4 months.
I took my class final in math today. Since the questions were complicated, I was extremely nervous. Despite believing that I've failed, I turned the exam in. The teacher handed the exams back to us the next day. I ended up receiving a B.
The Zimmy family decided they weren't going to trick o' treat. So they didn't buy costumes. But at the last minute they changed their minds. Their mom had to be creative to put costumes together. So she took out their old Halloween makeup and painted their faces.
Danny and Tiffany were very hungry. They had little money and no food in the house. Danny dug through the freezer and found some chicken nuggets. He didn't read the directions and didn't cook them for very long. Tiffany ate them and the next day got food poisoning.
Leslie and Cookie went out to celebrate Cookie's 21st birthday. This was Cookie's first time drinking alcoholic beverages. Cookie was fine with one shot but Leslie dared her to drink more. Barely able to stand, the two staggered to Cookie's car. The two were found passed out and stuck in a hen yard the next day.
Ben was walking to school. A thunderstorm occurred. Since he was far away from the school, he got soaked. He tried to find the nearest house or store for protection. He found a small convenient store and stood there for an hour.
Greg loved gold mining. He went to California every Summer to mine for fun. While at the mine, he discovered two gold nuggets. Greg was so happy that he jumped for joy. Unfortunately his gold nuggets fell and he could not find it.
Tom was behind on his mortgage. He was afraid the bank would take away the house. He tried to refinance but couldn't. He tried paid day loans but they didn't help much. Tom was evicted.
I went and bought some lip gloss yesterday. When I opened it however, I noticed something. The cap was unscrewed. Someone had tampered with it. So I immediately drove back and returned it.
Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house. Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister. Amy chased Ali as she stomped down the street. Amy tried to find out what happened, but Ali wasn't talking. Amy was dreading going home knowing her mother would blame her.
Molly was building a diorama for school. She liked what she had but felt it was missing something. She asked her mom for some advice on finishing it. Her mom had some fun ideas and the two worked on them. Soon Molly had an amazing and complete diorama.
James creeped up to the bar. The noise was too loud for him. He ordered a whiskey and drank it down quickly. The noise abated slightly so he ordered another. After a while James barely even noticed there were other patrons.
Tom was helping a friend move. He was carrying a box full of dishes. Tom accidentally dropped them. Most of them broke. The friend was upset but understanding.
Tom was invited to a party. He didn't realize how far away it was. He got there pretty late. Everyone was already winding down. Tom spent most of his night just driving.
Allie went to the chocolate factory. The factory was in her town. She out on the outfit and took a tour. They offered free samples. When she was done, Allie bought a lot of chocolate.
Morgan had always wanted to be an actor. He was in all the school plays as well. He worked hard in school and went to acting school. After that, he went to Hollywood. Morgan was able to be in a lot of movies.
My friend told me about a way to make money online. This is when I heard about Amazon Mechanical Turk. I was able to pass the probationary period. I have made over five hundred dollars since then. I am glad that I have found a way to make extra money.
Donna was driving on the highway. An ambulance was behind Donna. She didn't pull over for the ambulance to pass. A police officer saw everything happen. He pulled over Donna and gave her a ticket.
Alan received a email. The email provided a link that promised a free iPad after clicking it. When Alan clicked the link, his computer restarted. Several viruses were on his computer. Since they couldn't be removed, he had to throw away the computer.
In tenth grade I took a Spanish class. When I arrived to the class I was very confused. I wasn't in a Spanish class for beginners like me. I was in the Spanish class for Spanish speakers. I had to take Spanish again the next year after failing.
It was Retiree Day and the track so I took my dog out for a visit. The music started to play and they announced the next race. My greyhound's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track. The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race. I managed to hold him back, but I always wondered if might have won.
Milly had just graduated from college. She had an interview for her dream job at an advertising agency. She went into the interviewer's office and noticed they matched! They both laughed as they realized they had on the same blouse. That made Milly feel more comfortable during the interview.
Jen purchased frozen fries from the supermarket. She tried to place them in her oven for the first time. It started to cook after several minutes. Yet, she continued to keep the fries in there. It eventually started to burn.
Tina worked at a retail store. She worked there every day. Her boss told her today the store was closing. Tina was crushed. She would have to find another job.
Maury had been out of work for six months. He answered a help wanted ad at a collection agency. He'd never done that type of work before and was nervous. He soon proved to be great at it. By the end of the year, he was the top earner in the office.
Dan is a traveling man. He often visits mysterious and exotic places. He decides to visit the country of India next. He gets on a plane and travels to India. When arriving in India he is amazed at how beautiful it is.
Carl and Doug were playing soccer in Carl's back yard. Doug kicked the ball hard, and it flew over the fence. The ball bounced into the street, and was run over by a bus. Carl laughed, but Doug felt bad that he ruined Carl's ball. The next day Doug bought a new soccer ball for Carl.
Brad was a smart child but still couldn't count. Every day his mom would hold up two fingers, then three, and wait. Brad would struggle and try, but he couldn't remember what came next. He persevered, watching and studying, for a long time. Finally he could count: three fingers, then four, and then five!
Tim was driving on the freeway. He tried to slow down. His brakes were not responsive. He put his hazard lights on and used his emergency brake. He was able to pull to the side of the road.
At night time, my mouth was falling open frequently. I purchased a mouth guard in the hopes it would help. In the middle of the night, I awoke with pain in my jaw. I tried changing position several times, to no avail. I finally removed the guard and gave up.
Sally is a homemaker. She wants to earn money. One day, she decided to join a pyramid scheme. This was a bad idea. Sally still isn't making money.
Bea cut up the tomatoes. She dropped them into the sizzling oil. Just then Bim came up behind her. She admonished him to be careful, but it was too late. He ran out of the kitchen clutching his burned arm.
The woodworker was not satisfied with the cuts from a bit. He took the bit from the machine and looked at it. The bit had been worn away by a lot of use. He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it. After a while the old bit was as good as new.
Kelly received a degree from community college. Her advisor told her that she has to go to a university. She had two weeks to apply. However, Kelly spent most of the time sleeping. She didn't register because she was too late to register.
I went to get a cleaning last week. I got a new dental hygienist. She used a high pressure water pik to clean my teeth. Luckily, I had no cavities or gum disease. I left for home pleased.
Ben had a new bike that he got for his birthday. He rode it everywhere and always made sure he locked the bike up. One day his bike was missing from his yard. Someone had cut the chain and stole it. The police found the bike though and Ben was happy.
Tom wanted to play an instrument. He couldn't afford his own. His school would lend him one if he joined band. Tom decided to try out. He made it easily and got to play drums.
Amy's mom didn't want her to drink coffee. She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so. Amy felt she needed the coffee today because she was so tired. Her mother stood in the door demanding she pour the coffee out. Amy walked around her mom, and kept drinking the coffee.
Ben had an important meeting at work. He prepared himself very carefully. He came to the place of the meeting. He found out he switched his folders. The meeting had to be postponed.
Mike had two kids of own. His brother had two kids as well and needed help with his life. Mike agreed to take his nieces in for a month. With four kids to take care of Mike needed a bigger car. He went and purchased a minivan.
Jay had prom. His girlfriend called out of prom last minute. Jay ended up going with some friends. He was very bored. He left early.
Gary was looking forward to a day at his cousin's farm. On the way to the farm, he noticed dark clouds in the sky. By the time he arrived at the farm it was pouring rain. Gary's cousin invited him to talk inside instead of touring the farm. Gary had a good time with his cousin despite the rain.
Kenny took his little sister to swim in the community pool. They placed sunblock on themselves before going in. After a few minutes, Kenny noticed that his sister is gone. He dived underwater to see if she drowned. Instead, he ended up with a headbutt from her.
Our cat is good with the litter box. She poops on the floor on rare occasion. Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet. Luckily it was a dry stool. My wife yelled at the cat.
Jane loved parades. Her parents took her to them as often as they could. They got great seats for the biggest one of the year. Jane loved every minute of it. The family took plenty of pictures to remember.
Kim and Dave went out on a date. They went to a popular restaurant. They tried to have a good time but it was too loud. They could barely talk to each other. They decided to leave early to walk at a park instead.
Sandy had an old wood table she needed to sell. She put it up for sale online, and someone answered the ad. They offered a price, and Sandy accepted. The person came over, picked up the table, and paid. The person left after loading up the table on his truck.
Dana had five black cats. Normally they were very well-behaved. One day the youngest cat decided to climb up the living room curtains. The curtains were shredded when Dana came home. She had to replace them the next day.
Chuck was offered a free month of Netflix. Chuck tried it out as long as it was for free. He binged watched tons of television shows and movies! But he was also very unproductive for the entire month. Chuck decided not to sign up for Netflix.
Willow was tired of the squirrels breaking the bird feeders. She understood they were hungry, too. Willow bough corn, nuts, and seeds that squirrels like. She designated one feeding platform to them. They learned to leave the bird feeders alone.
Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts. Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating. Shay and Scheana got married. Scheana discovered that Shay suffered from addiction and depression. They got divorced a year later.
Cara was old and decrepit and lived in a retirement home. One morning, her doctor offered her a pill. This pill did wonders for her health, and she started running. She ran out the retirement home and down the road. Cara ran all the way to the next state over before promptly dying.
John had just moved to a small town and was looking for work. He was afraid that no one would hire him. His friends had told him that people in the town disliked strangers. After three weeks of job hunting John began to get discouraged. Eventually, to his relief, the local hardware store gave him a job.
Monica was trying to take out her trash. She went to grab one big trash bag when a spider crawled over. She shrieked and dropped the bag, rushing for bug spray. Luckily she had a clear shot to spray the spider. After it was gone, she continued on with her trash.
A local politician had recently died. The man giving a speech for him was very moving. He riled up the whole crowd in his eulogy. People were moved to tears for this corrupt old man. Before he stepped down from the podium he announced his candidacy.
Tom saw on TV that many minorities are mistreated in this country. Tom decided he would do something about this. Tom started blogging about the issue. Soon, Tom had many followers who passionately read his blog posts. Tomorrow, Tom will be addressing the United States Senate!
During my usual walk I got a lot more tired than usual. This wasn't like me so I was very confused during it. After a while longer I decided to take a break. During this break I calmed down and was doing better. When I got home I rested a lot and felt better!
The man told the boy a story. The boy thought it was true. The man assured him it wasn't. The boy investigated the story. He became convinced that it was not true.
Allen was making a smoothie. He put some ice in a blender. Then, he added some milk. Next, he added fruit. Then, he blended it together.
Ali had an enemy named Val. Ali discovered Val wanted to fight her after school. Ali was scared. She had never been in a fight. Her friend June showed her a few fight moves behind a shelf.
Ria made a birthday cake for her boyfriend. But the cake fell apart the night before! She was so ashamed! But he laughed when she showed it to him. They ate the messed up cake happily, and it was delicious!
When she was three years old, we took Angela trick or treating. She was dressed as a witch. She was very small for her age, so it didn't fit well. We tried to get her to say trick or treat. Every door that opened got told happy birthday instead.
I was coming back inside from taking the dog out. I felt something land on my hand. I looked down and saw a pretty butterfly. It lit upon my hair before taking off again. It ended up sitting on the ceiling fan where I couldn't reach it.
Reese hated his brother for being smarter than him. Reese took all the hardest classes in high school, but failed them. He decided to get revenge on his brother. He poisoned his brother's lunch so he became sick. His brother had to miss the last couple weeks of school and flunked.
I decided to dye my own hair. I always found it hard to not get dye on my head, ears and neck. I head read about a tip to prevent that. It told me to put vaseline on the skin areas I didn't want to dye. It worked like a charm.
Bob loves to fish. He got up early one morning. He got his fishing pole ready. Next he walked to the lake. Bob caught a big fish.
Tin wrote a great poem in English class. He liked it so much, he entered it into the school poetry contest. He hoped to win, but competition was stiff. The next week the winner is announced. It was Tim!
Today I went to the store. I needed to buy paper towels. I found a big pack of paper towels. The paper towels were exactly what I needed. I purchased the paper towels.
Jeb was walking down the street one day. He had just finished eating lunch with a friend. Jeb noticed something green laying on the ground. Jeb bent over to see what it was. Jeb had just found a 100 dollar bill on the ground.
The group arrived at the beach. They looked around the area since no person was there. Haley asked Drew if they're in the right place. Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east. They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day.
Sharon was traveling to Canada by ferry. She was on the deck enjoying cold morning air. Suddenly, she noticed something in the water. A small whale surfaced and jumped in the air. All of the passengers came out to watch the whales.
Lonny wanted to travel to India. He knew he would have to learn Tamil. Tamil was a very important dialect in India. He studied the language for a year. Lonny is now fluent in Tamil.
Abe wanted to be a rock star more than anything. He practiced his guitar every day until he was exceptional at it. But it wasn't enough and he couldn't get gigs anywhere. Abe started working as a roadie for a very popular band. In less than a week he had his first gig from connections he made.
Boomerang Bob was a rough member of the Melbourne police force. He was currently in hot pursuit of a perpetrator. The perpetrator turned down an alley and began to climb a fence. Boomerang Bob brandished his boomerang and took aim. The boomerang struck the perpetrator and Bob apprehended him.
Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. On the day of the race, she feels ready. The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!
Thomas loved model trains. He was missing only one car to make his collection complete. He visited model train shops. He scoured the internet. He purchased the missing car and was happy with his collection.
Michael could feel a cavity in his tooth. He didn't have dental insurance though. For months he just dealt with being in pain. The tooth chipped and he needed two root canals. He ended up having insurance the whole time and suffered with no point
After a year of marriage, Johnny wanted to divorce Anita. She asked him why? He said because she had a son already and should deal with his father. She reminded him they didn't talk because of Johnny. Anita sliced her wrist four times before Johnny stopped her.
The Smith family was eager to visit the zoo. They had anticipated going for months, and the day had finally come. They drove for hours in a cramped car, but their moods remained happy. There was no line at the gate, so they walked right in. The caged animals entertained the Smith family greatly.
Cathy wanted to bake a cake. She bought all the ingredients. However, she forgot sugar. Cathy used applesauce as a sweetener. Her cake tasted great!
Cal had just had an interview for a new job. He got a call back from the boss. The boss told Cal where to get a drug test done. Cal took his drug test. Cal got the job.
Tim had a dentist appointment at noon. He made sure to leave the house early so he would get there on time. On the way he got a flat tire. He had to cancel his appointment. A tow truck came and drove him home.
Remy was digging through his backpack. Suddenly, he realized that there was something wet. He took a closer look and realized he had spilled his soda. He took everything out of the bag. Then, he washed the bag in the sink.
Simon loves to dance. Every Friday night he would go dancing by himself. Once, his friends came dancing with him for his birthday. Everyone had a great time. Now, Simon goes dancing every Friday night with his friends.
Bob collects old model cars as a hobby. He told me he doesn't have a favorite but I'm not sure that's true. Yesterday I heard him talking with his friend on the phone about cars. Bob told his friend that a 57 Chevy was his favorite car. I wonder why Bob didn't want to tell me that.
Last night at the bar I wanted one more beer. My friends said I had too many. But I felt pretty good and wanted more. The bartender agreed with my friends. So did the bouncer as he kicked me out.
The entrepreneurs had an idea. The decided to raise money through an internet campaign. They showed people how great their idea was. The people were all eager to contribute. Soon, the entrepreneurs had enough money to fund their project!
Olivia's baby son needed an x-ray. To get a clear picture, they had to strap him down. Olivia felt so sad watching him cry. The nurses comforted her while they took the picture. As soon as he was done she gave him a big hug.
Claire was sick. She had a sinus infection. The pain felt worse when Claire laid down. Claire sat up in the recliner to sleep. She felt better in the morning than she had been.
Sam heard the ice cream truck. He excitedly looked for money. He spent a lot of time trying to find loose change. By the time he had enough the truck was gone. Same was sad and hungry.
Anna was participating in a day of silence. She started out struggling. She really wanted to speak! But by midafternoon it was easier. Anna was able to be silent all day.
I developed an oral fascination. I began chewing everything, including my hair. I chewed so much of my hair that I became sick. I eventually expelled a large amount when I vomited. I learned to stop chewing my hair.
Jude needed to go to the store to get a loaf of bread. He went to the biggest chain store in town. The lines were really long in the store. Jude left the store and went to a smaller store down the road. The lines were shorter and Jude was in and out.
Doug bought his bingo cards at the Moose Lodge prior to the game. He sat with his cards and his dab paint, and waited for the numbers. The game began, and quickly Doug began to cover his card. Doug had one number left to be called, and finally it was drawn. Doug claimed his prize and decided to play again.
Joe made kettle corn. Tim wanted some. Joe said no. Tim started to cry. Joe felt bad and gave him some.
It was late at night and rose had not seen her husband in weeks. She called him numerous times but he never picked up. She was worried. Finally he came home and admitted cheating. Rose then called for a divorce.
Arden needed some help loading up garbage to take to the city dump. He wanted to take his son Glavine, but he was still sleeping. Then he wanted to take his son Austin, but he was also still sleeping. Then he realized he had to take his son Christian, who isn't helpful. Arden took Christian, because his help is better than no help at all.
When I was a child beach cruiser bikes were not in style. I rode three speed Raleigh bikes. Later, ten speed bikes were in vogue. I stuck to three speed bikes but they were very light. I finally bought a beach cruiser to bike through the snow.
Connor had tried out for a local commercial. He got the part. The commercial was for a diner. As the spokesperson, Connor was given free food for a year. He ate at the diner after over the year.
Uki wanted to become a champion bodybuilder. He was skinny and knew that it would be hard. He bought some protein shakes and vegetables. He worked out hard for three years. Eventually, Uki won the champion bodybuilding contest.
Susie wanted to learn to knit and make her own mittens. She visited her grandmother to borrow scraps of yarn. Her grandmother demonstrated how to knit and purl. Susie worked on her mitten and showed her grandmother the work. When done with her mitten project, she got to wear her mittens.
Billy's art class made ceramic mugs for Mother's day. All the mugs were put in the kiln and fired. Billy saw his mug had collapsed in the kiln. The teacher told the students to come find their own mugs. Billy reached for a perfect-looking mug.
Emma was about to move out of her apartment. Her landlord said that she owed some extra fees. Emma disputed that, because it was baseless. Luckily, her landlord backed off. She didn't end up paying anything.
Allie was eating some bread one day. She thought it was gluten free. But Allie realized it was not. Her stomach flared up. She had to be rushed to the doctor.
Ray owned a bar. The bar was serving underage patrons alcohol. The police department performed a raid on the bar. The bar was found guilty of serving to minor. The bar lost its liquor license.
There once was a princess named Margaret. She lived in a castle surrounded by a moat and bridge. Her knight Sir Arthur loved her dearly, but she wanted to be friends. They decided to just be friends with benefits instead. Every evening now, Arthur climbs the stairs to her bedroom.
Lisa met her friend Eric while running in the park. They would see each other a few times a week. They ran the same pace, so they agreed to start running together. They really enjoyed each other's company. Lisa was delighted when Erik finally asked her on a date.
Mickey was throwing a birthday party for his friend. He sent invitations and baked a cake. No one arrived when the party should have started. He realized he wrote the wrong time on the invitations! Everyone arrived an hour later.
Rachel was on a flight that was about to land. As the plane descended, her ears began to hurt. She tried to chew some gum. Luckily, her ears finally popped and the pain was better. It still felt uncomfortable for an hour or two.
Cara and her family lived in a small town. One day, it rained heavily near her neighborhood. The rains caused floods all across the town. Because of the floods, Cara had to stay indoors all day. She was happy that she had an excuse to miss school that day.
Jack had been practicing swimming all last summer. He registered and prepared for the upcoming swim meet on Saturday. Jack awoke early Saturday to the news of an impending storm. The storm turned into a hurricane flooding the meeting location. Jack used his swimming skills to rescue a family that day.
Karina's mother went to the store. Karina's mother spotted some chalk in the children's aisle. Karina's mother knew how much Karina loves chalk. Karina's mother bought the chalk. Karina's mother brought the chalk home and Karina was excited.
Sean was playing with his guitar one night. Suddenly, he heard a sharp knock at the door. He quickly stopped making any noise. Then, he waited for quite awhile. No one knocked again but he was certain that it was a noise complaint.
Miles was having trouble with his math class. He couldn't grasp the concepts and was so behind. His parents decided to hire him a tutor. After spending a month with his tutor, he finally managed to catch up. Now Miles is among the top of the class.
Tom was at a concert. He yelled so much he lost his voice. The next day Tom couldn't talk. It made his job more difficult. Tom didn't regret his decision, though.
Billy was a photographer working for a newspaper in a city. He walked around, but could not find anything interesting for months. One day, he saw cop cars speeding and decided to chase them. When Billy got to the scene, he snapped photos of large riot. His photos became very popular and he got a raise from his boss.
Tar was recently spread over the streets outside Tyler's home. Tyler slept in and didn't realize this. Tyler was getting ready to leave for work. He locked up his house and walked out to his car. However, he was stopped when his feet sank into the fresh tar!
The wife picked a car for her husband. She bought the safest car she could find. Her husband was in an accident. The car saved the husband's life. The couple people became lifelong customers of that car company.
Meg tried to race home before the storm hit. Lightning flashed across the sky. Raindrops began to splatter on the windshield of the car. Meg arrived home and closed all the windows. Sheets of rain fell on the house.
Many people do not know that you can actually show rabbits. It is just like showing dogs or cats, but with rabbits instead. Showing rabbits is a lot of work and requires dedication. There are some large prizes available to the winners of rabbit shows. Some of these prizes include money, animals, and national recognition.
Will had a birthday coming up. This was a big one - his thirtieth. Will spent the day quietly hoping his friends would surprise him. Will finished work and returned home, dejected. Turning on the lights, Will was met with a surprise party!
Michelle was filling up the sink to soak dirty dishes. At this time Michelle got a phone call from her mother. She left the kitchen and the water was still running. After the phone call Michelle returned to the kitchen. The sink had overflowed and water war running onto the floor.
Lisa loved ice cream. She decided to try some banana flavor. She totally loved it. Lisa wanted to order that all the time now. It was her favorite.
Lester thought he was pretty good at competitive gaming. He had placed second place in tournaments around the country. This week, Lester entered a local tournament for 3D fighting games. His competitors were new, so Lester thought he would easily win. Lester finished the tournament in 25th place.
I hated watching Star Trek. My brother watched it every day. I got really sick of the shows. I started calling it Star Wreck. I stopped after he yelled at me about it.
Martha wanted to find some seashells for her mother. She drove towards the beach hoping to find some. The beach was closed due to a big thunderstorm. Martha bought some fake seashells at a craft store. Her mother was still very happy.
Sally was reading a bulletin board. She noticed a bright green poster. On it was a QR code. She used her phone to scan it. It took her to a funny video.
Fred had always been interested in mathematics. He takes a summer course in algebra to get ahead. In that course he learns all about equations. He starts his next school year a step ahead other students. His interest in mathematics continues to increase.
Our company had carpenters restoring a section of the warehouse. They hired a carpenter and his assistant. On Thursday the two got into an argument. The carpenter punched his assistant, who called the police. Our company canceled the contract and hired another carpenter.
George was a boxer, who loved the sport. George worked very hard to be the best fighter in the world. George believed he could one day win the championship. George fought very hard, until his day finally came. George won his first title fight by knockout, and was very happy.
I went to my front door to observe the weather. As I opened the door, a blast of cold air came in. I decided to deal with the cold and step outside. My neighbor was standing on his front step across the street too. I waved at him and he waved back before going back inside.
Diana was dressed all in white. She was getting married! She had spent hours on her hair and makeup. It was time to walk down the aisle. Suddenly, Diana was full of nerves.
There was a town that was famous for peach trees. The residents loved the peach trees. One day a visitor decided to chop down the peach trees. The visitor replaced the trees with apple trees. The residents realized that they loved apple trees too.
Monica was at a skating rink with her friends. She had tucked her shoes into a cubby while she skated. When it was time to put their shoes back on, Monica's were gone. She searched everywhere but couldn't find them. Then she realized that her shoes had been stolen.
John was riding his bike in the driveway. His father told him not to ride too close to the car. John rode a little too close to his dad's car. He scratched the car with the bike's handlebars. John's father punished him.
Linda is a hardworking woman. She works in an office. Linda is late to work one day. She continues to be late every other day. Linda is fired due to her tardiness.
Katherine was supposed to make pie for a family dinner. She had it almost done when she realized she had no crust. She was also out of flour so she couldn't make one. She scoured her kitchen until she found old cereal. Luckily, that worked for a topper and everyone loved it.
I lived in Texas. My parents got new jobs. We packed our stuff in boxes. We put them in the moving van. We moved to Alabama.
Tim wanted his kid to join little league. He felt it would help him in many ways. Tim's kid was never that interested in it. He tried it just to make Tim happy. Eventually Tim pulled him out.
Kio loved playing video games. But his parents worried that he wasn't ambitious enough. Then Kio announced his career goals. He wanted to be a programmer and design his own games! His parents were happy that Kyo had such big plans!
Sammy was sitting at home one evening. Her phone rang. She answered it and heard kids pranking her. Ten more times they called to prank her. She threatened to call the cops and they stopped.
Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out. Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist. To Kelly's surprise, the facialist was stirring up drama. Ramona thought it was hilarious. Kelly thought it was strange how much she learned.
I had a degree in art history. I couldn't find a job for months. Eventually, I applied for a janitor position. I got an interview! Alas, they didn't give me an offer because I was overqualified.
Eric was a very hard working man. He decided it was time for a vacation. He chose to go to Hawaii and sit on the beach. Eric was loving his paradise vacation. Eric didn't want to go back home!
Bob rented some storage space from Generic Industries. He was concerned about the unit's dimensions. The manager assured him they couldn't possibly run out of space. When Bob arrived at the unit, he saw why. The back of his rental opened directly into a deep canyon.
James collected soda cans. Wherever he went he would find them and store the cans in the garage. One day his mom asked if he was going to return them for cash. James didn't realize that the cans were worth money. James now owns a recycling business.
Henry was an avid big game hunter. He dreamed of killing a tiger for his next trophy. Henry arranged a trip to India where he could fulfill his dream. On the trip into the jungle, Henry's guides robbed and stabbed him. Henry was never heard from again.
A band was playing a college graduation. Trombone players were bored. They put their smartphones on the music stands. They watched funny videos when they did not play. The conductor did not notice.
Christian took off his shoes. His feet were very stinky. He made everyone in the room uncomfortable. He shrugged and didn't mind the discomfort of others. He watched tv while everyone else left.
I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red. We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes. While there, I read my son a book. We were then called back to the exam room where we saw the doctor. She checked his eyes and sent us on our way.
Kevin loved bacon a lot. If he could, Kevin would eat bacon every single day. One day, Kevin ran out of bacon. He quickly ran to the store to buy more bacon. Now, Kevin has a lot of bacon.
Thomas was a toddler who did not want to try mashed potatoes. He had a tantrum when his mother tried to feed him potatoes. He refused to eat any dinner because of his tantrum. Finally, his mother got him to taste the potatoes. He found he liked potatoes and finished dinner.
Jane bought a new painting for the apartment. Her boyfriend didn't know about it. He hated the way it looked. They got into an argument over it. Jane eventually convinced him to keep it up.
Elsa was moving across town. She was hoping to get the move done as quickly as possible. She and her friends started moving everything early in the morning. All day they ran into tedious obstacles that slowed them down. In the end, it took her a whole day to make a simple move.
Fred loves to relax after work. A friend calls Fred and says he should watch television after work. Fred starts watching television for several hours each day. Eventually he starts to have favorite television shows. Now that Fred has a television he has never felt more relaxed.
Randy was using his computer. Suddenly, he noticed a bug crawling on the screen. He grabbed some wrappers and smashed the bug. Bug guts were smeared all over his screen. He had to get some cleaner to wipe it all way.
Anna's friends were talking about her. They made up nasty rumors. She confronted them and they apologized. Then they told others they'd lied. Anna's reputation was restored.
Frederick looked out from the periscope. He saw a ship at the surface. He alerted the captain. The captain alerted the crew to prepare to go to depth. The submarine dove under the surface.
John really liked to play basketball. He tried out for his high school team. He didn't make the cut. He practiced really hard that year. He made the team the next year.
My sister came to visit me in Florida last weekend. I picked her up at the airport when she arrived. She stayed at my home instead of a hotel. We spent the week eating at restaurants while catching up. On the day my sister left, I felt sad to see her go.
Willie's job was to cut trunks into blocks of wood. He had to cut 100 trunks into 200 blocks of wood today. This task took him eight hours to do. He almost cut his thumb off at the end of day. He was so scared, he took the rest of the week off.
Samantha was starting her new school this morning. This is her third school in as many years. She's gotten used to making new friends and then losing them. Samantha wishes this could be her last school. However, she knows it won't be.
Little Billy hated going to the doctor, but he had a sore throat. His mother told him that they must go to the doctor. At the doctor, Billy was worried he'd have to get a shot. The doctor told him he had strep throat, and could take medicine. Billy left the doctor with his medicine and knew he would feel better.
Jan awoke with a start. Her alarm clock had failed to go off again! She ran around the house frantically getting ready. She glanced at the calendar on her way out the door. That is when she realized it was Saturday!
Larry told his wife he had to work late. Larry was not working late. Larry was out with another woman. Larry's wife was out and seen the two together. Larry was caught cheating.
Anna saw a great alligator-pattern purse in a magazine. She went to the boutique to buy it for herself. There, she found it was made with real alligator skin! Anna was appalled at the animal cruelty. She decided not to buy the purse after all.
There is a new slot machine at the casino. It offers a very high payout. You have to bet a lot to win. I tried a few spins on it. Unfortunately, I lost my money on the machine.
Ana's first college essay was an argument. She argued for vegetarianism as an aid to health. She researched meticulously. Her professor gave her a C. He told her vegetarianism was un-American.
The woman ordered a salad. She asked for the dressing on the side. The salad came with the dressing already on it. The woman got angry. She told the waitress that she was bad at her job.
Allie needed a new dress. She was concerned she would not find one in time. Thankfully she ended up finding one on sale. Allie then was relieved. She needed up looking great.
William loved reading and writing. He joined a local book club. At the first meeting a pedantic member criticized his grammar. William quit the book club. William carried on with his reading and writing independently.
Little Todd didn't want a new baby brother! But he was stuck being a big brother now. He decided to try to make the best of it. He began to play with the baby every day. Soon Todd realized that he loved and adored his baby brother!
Anna was still a little tired. So she decided to make more coffee. Anna emptied out the coffee pot. She put in a new filter and coffee grounds. She added water to the tank and turned on the machine.
I went to buy a new couch last week. I really wanted a leather couch, but the store didn't have any. I had to order a leather couch. It took a week but it finally arrived. Now I have to move the couch inside1.
Alex was ready for bed, the next day was easter. His brother told him the easter bunny was coming. He started crying, he was scared of the Easter bunny. Alex couldn't sleep all night because he was listening for the bunny Alex hated Easter.
Haley hated grocery shopping. Her friend Hannah loved to grocery shop. They decided to grocery shop together. During their trip, they got stuck behind a lady with many kids. Now they both dislike grocery shopping.
Sam was tired from work. His friends invited him to go out. He wanted to have fun. Instead he turned down the offer. He figured it would be fun to watch tv and fall asleep.
Alexandria loved cooking spaghetti for her husband. She made spaghetti for him one day for dinner. Her husband soon got very sick. She was worried he has been eating her food just to make her happy. Alexandria never made spaghetti ever again.
Years ago, I took a vacation with my family. At an airport I saw Tom Hanks. I wanted to say hello. He was with a group of people. I decided to just stare, like everyone else.
Bill was walking in his neighborhood when he came across a stray cat. He took the cat home and gave it some water and kibble. The next day, he found a flyer for a missing cat in his mailbox. He called the number on the flyer. A few hours later, he reunited the cat with its owner.
Suzy saw there was a movie marathon. She got out the popcorn. She then watched movies all day. Ultimately she fell asleep. She ended up getting up late the next day.
Tony was riding his bike home from work. He was crossing the street when suddenly a car hit him. His bike fell and slid across the road. Tony felt a lot of pain but luckily he didn't seem badly injured. Luckily the driver stopped to help him as well.
Tori got a new coffee maker for her birthday. She was excited, because she loved coffee. She set the coffee maker up and and brewed a pot. The coffee maker made an absolutely perfect cup. Tori was very grateful for such a useful gift.
Jill wakes up late. She forgot to set her alarm. She rushes to get ready for school. She leaves and gets to school. Jill is 45 minutes late.
A man named Donald had a dream. The dream was to rule the country he grew up in. He wanted to make things better. He wanted to make his country great again. Donald ran for president and made his country great again.
My friend and I went to the big city to run some errands. He always gives me trouble about my driving skills and I get nervous. So I was running my mouth on the way home and hit a curb. It cost over $1000 to fix! My friend will never let me live it down.
Thomas smoked 2 or 3 packs of cigarettes per day. After a few years, Thomas started to get sick. His doctor told him that if he didn't stop, he would die. Thomas wouldn't stop smoking. Thomas got COPD and died in a few years.
Christmas used to be a joyous day for the Huerta family. Every year they would celebrate with the family in a beach house. Unfortunately Tia Vicki died this Christmas. The Huertas will never think of Christmas the same again. They don't return to the beach house ever again.
I was in the park last night playing Pokemon Go. As I minded my own business, I saw two shady people walking around. They got closer to me, and I walked away quickly. They proceeded to run after me with something in there hands. I pulled out my gun, and they ran off as quickly as they came.
It came in the mail yesterday. I pulled it out of the package. I looked it over. It smelled very strongly. The end was bulbous and pink.
Gretchen went to the dentist for a checkup. The dentist said that Gretchen had three cavities. Gretchen made an appointment to get them fixed. Gretchen did not go to her appointment. She got a terrible pain in her mouth two weeks later.
Working late one night, Dana hurried to the corner but missed her bus. It was the last bus home, and Dana couldn't afford a cab. Hurrying back to her work, Dana found all of her coworkers gone. With no one to give her a ride, she realized she'd have to walk home. Walking a scary hour in the dark was a lesson to always have cab fare.
Owen sometimes takes his headphones off during his listening program. Owen is reprimanded in school when he removes the headphones. Colleen, Owen's mom, feels he should decide if he wants to wear them. Colleen discussed her concerns about the program with Owen's teacher. Owen's teacher agreed that it's Owen's body, so he gets to choose.
I made a fruit smoothie for my friend the other day. She wasn't feeling well so I brought it to her house. When I got there she was too sick to even open the door. Her roommate let me inside. I gave her the smoothie and she was very thankful.
Yesterday I ordered a book online. To my surprise it came today. The ups person came right to my door with it. I was shocked. I will definitely go back.
Kathy was responsible for buying the groceries. She had a strict budget to feed a lot of people. Kathy decided to plan her meals and make a shopping list. The list made the shopping easy and she stayed on budget. Now Kathy never goes shopping without planning and a list.
Eva decided to make her own candles. She read instructions and carefully crafted them. She tested them and they burned wonderfully. That weekend a storm blew Eva's power out. She was very glad to have her candles!
Will was trying to be healthier. So he had an apple, banana, and mango smoothie everyday for breakfast. But he later found out about its high sugar content. So he felt regretful about having the smoothie everyday. Will decided to only have the smoothie a few times a week.
The baker was tired this morning. He had to open up shop at 5 AM. He chugged a cup of coffee. The baker still fell asleep while on his job. He was so tired that he had to take the rest of the day off.
Hannah is really desperate for money. She needs to pay rent and is behind on her bills. She has been looking for more work but can't find any. She was desperate enough to throw coins in a water fountain. Now she's even more poor.
Jenny was moving to a new house. She loaded all her things into a truck. The truck was totally full of her belongings. It slowly started to roll down the hill. Jenny ran to save her things!
Jordan needs new running shoes. The pair he has he's ran 500 miles in. A worker helps him get a great pair. Jordan wins a marathon. He thanks the worker next time he goes in.
Martin is skiing. Martin tries to show off and attempts to do a crazy stunt. Martin falls and breaks his leg. He is taken to the hospital. Martin will not be a show off next time.
Linda was on her way to an exciting Gala. She was in her brand new white dress. Before she could leave she had to make her daughter spaghetti. She tripped on her way to the table spilling sauce everywhere. Her dress was covered in tomato sauce so she had to skip on the Gala.
Linda had been waiting all year for her summer vacation. She had already purchased her plane ticket. She was going to stay at a beachfront resort. The day before her trip she packed her bag. She realized she needed to go out and buy a bathing suit.
Charles published a monthly magazine for men. But he hasn't published in months because no one buys his product. He received a message online from an actress asking where's the mag? He told the actress it didn't sell online. Charles wrote a feature on the actress and the mag sold thousands.
My dad took me to his workplace once. He works in a medical lab. He showed me the instruments he uses, like a microscope. Then we ate lunch and he took me home. It was a fun and informational day.
Bonnie carved the Thanksgiving turkey. She put the meat on a platter but left the carcass on the counter. She took the platter into the dining room. When she returned to the kitchen, the turkey was gone. She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it!
Bernard was at the local club. He didn't like the music that the DJ was playing. Bernard decided to request a song. He told the DJ to play his favorite song. Bernard began dancing on the dance floor.
Manny was walking with his newborn daughter. Suddenly, he stepped on something sharp. The shock caused him to fall over. His daughter fell from his arms. He worriedly checked on her, and she was okay.
Clark drove an hour out to the lake. He rented a sailboat from the sailing club. The wind was strong that day and whipped up the water. Clark strove bravely against the strong wind. Clark's boat capsized.
I used to smoke when I was younger. No matter the weather I never smoked inside. One day I was lighting a cigarette as i walked out the door. I looked up and saw three federal agents standing next to me. It turned out they were looking for the previous tenant.
Catherine wanted a puppy. She visited an animal shelter to find a new friend. When she got there, a small mixed puppy wouldn't leave her alone. The needy puppy ended up going home with her. Catherine is happy that they chose each other.
I hate making the bed. My girlfriend still tries to make me do it. She knows it's not going to turn out to her standard. I spend twenty minutes of fighting fitted sheets and comforters. Then she tells me to let her do it because I do it wrong.
Nobu was chopping onions. He started to shed tears from the onion. His wife walked in after work and saw his tears. She liked his new sensitive side, and kissed him. Nobu decided not to tell her the reason for his tears.
I went to a breastfeeding conference today. It was an all day conference. The speakers were really interesting. I felt like I really learned a lot today. I hope to go again next year.
Tim needed to do some laundry. On laundry day he didn't have enough quarters. He tried to look around for spare change. He wasn't able to find any. Tim had to wait until payday to do it.
The team made a play before defending the offensive team. One of the opponents was approaching the quarterback. Before the quarterback got tackled, he threw the ball. It landed in the hands of the wide receiver. He made a touchdown.
Becky had a lot of photos she wanted to save. She decided she should make a picture album. At the craft store, Becky realized no one sold picture albums anymore. She took her photos to get them scanned instead. Now she has all her photos saved on a drive forever.
I was asked to leave. There was a security guard talking to me. I was in a Wal-mart parking lot. My friend was with me. I had decided to play her a song.
The doorbell was very loud and annoying. Every time it rang, the dog went nuts. The homeowner decided to disconnect the doorbell. Finally, it was peaceful! Then, people started knocking, which the dog hated even more!
Ashley was a beautiful blonde girl, who was new in school. She had psoriasis, and it scarred her in many places. She was still gorgeous, and all the kids loved her. One summer, she invited me to a pool party. It was the most fun I had all summer.
Emma was frying chicken. Suddenly the grease splattered. It landed on her curtains. They burst into flame! Emma quickly grabbed the fire extinguisher and sprayed them.
I went to the mall last weekend in search of new cologne. I passed by a stall that was selling cologne and perfumes. The man there offered me a good price on everything. I bought some cologne and headed home to show my wife. She told me that the price was good because the cologne is fake.
The crowd stared at the man. The man asked them not to stare. Most of the crowd stopped. One man kept staring. The man was blind.
Tim was always skinny. He tried to gain more muscle. He decided to force himself to eat more and work out. Tim concentrated on heavier weights. After a while he was able to get beefier.
Harper had very dry skin. To remedy it, he purchased lotion. He applied it generously to his skin. After a while, it dried completely. He was happy with the appearance of his skin afterwards.
Jasmine wanted to get braces. She still had some baby teeth left, though. Her dentist decided to pull the teeth to speed things up. Jasmine was really scared. Luckily, the tooth pulling wasn't too bad.
Jim found a stray cat walking on the street. Jim wanted the stray cat as a pet, but the cat was too afraid. So, Jim started feeding the cat scraps of meat. Soon, the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home. Now, Jim's cat lives in Jim's house and it is his pet.
Tim was home when the internet went out. They told him it would take several hours to fix. Tim didn't know what to do with himself. He wound up watching an old movie he had. When the internet was fixed Tim was too relieved.
Our fire alarm is the original one since the house was built. The house is now 25 years old. Every time someone takes a hot shower the alarm goes off. But whenever someone burns food it doesn't make a peep. I think there's something faulty with the fire alarm.
Willie was completing a science report at night. He spent a few hours typing up the data. The power went out due to a thunderstorm. As a result, his document got deleted. His teacher allowed him to submit the report for a lower grade.
Lee made a ham sandwich. As he was about to eat, he had to step outside. When he came back in, his sandwich was gone. He looked around the room and could not figure it out. Then he noticed his dog chewing and knew what had happened.
Yesterday I took a trip to the art museum. While I was there I took a lot of pictures of the famous paintings. I showed the pictures to all my friends and they loved seeing them. I invited them to come with me next week to the museum. They are all so excited to go see the famous paintings.
Jane was doing poorly at work. He was often late. Jane's boss told her she'd be fired if she did it again. Jane woke up late to work the next day. Jane's boss had to fire her.
Rebecca loved to play volleyball at school. She was good friends with all her teammates. One day on a road game her teammate left the group. Rebecca went after her but the bus left them behind. They both missed the championship game that day.
The mom bought herself a bike. Her kids liked to bike, so she decided that she would join them. They started riding every day. They worked their way up to ten miles. Biking had become their new favorite hobby.
As a kid I try to think of routes to take to trick or treat. Each year I try finding all the rich neighborhoods. Sometimes I get bad luck, but overall everything usually works out. My candy load increases ever since I used this strategy. Every kid in the neighborhood asks me for advice.
Our granddaughter went out for a walk with her parents. She is two years old. She fell on the sidewalk and skinned her hand. She showed us her injured hand on face time. We told her it would get better soon.
Aurelia has been trying to find a hobby for months. Finally a friend recommends that Aurelia try knitting. Aurelia begins by knitting a green sweater. She finds knitting a relaxing way to forget her problems. Aurelia is very happy that she found a good hobby.
Fred has had the same winter hat for many Year's. Although its red color is fading, he loves his hat. One day, in a rush, he forgets his hat on the subway. Fred's wife buys him a new red hat. Although he is thankful, he knows it will never replace his old hat.
Carl was going camping during the weekend. But he needed some camping gear. So Carl went online to look for camping gear. He found tents and other things for camping and bought them. The stuff came before he left to go camping.
I needed to make some quick holiday money. I wanted the cash to buy Christmas gifts. I became an online seller of things I no longer wanted. I made a good profit from the items I sold. I bought some good presents for all my family members.
Patricia bought a new TV with surround sound system. In her small apartment, the sound was impressive. She reveled in her new acquisition when the door knocked. The neighbor told her the walls and ceiling were vibrating. So Patricia had to put the sound down and lose the cool effect.
Lorrie is on vacation in mexico. Lorrie asks some locals where the best place to eat is. They give her directions to a place. At the place she finds no food just a bunch of people sitting. Lorrie realizes it's a trap and she gets kidnapped.
I used to work in the offices of a transit authority. One day I took two co workers out on a field trip. We rode to a trolley car house in Mattapan, MA. The mechanic there let me drive one of the trolleys in the yard. I was very excited and happy.
Lisa had a house cat Ruffles. Ruffles always stayed inside. One day ruffles wanted to go outside. He walked out. Luckily Lisa caught him in time.
Freda was jealous of how her friends looked in their nice dresses. She decided to buy a dress of her own. Freda bought a beautiful dress for summer. She felt great wearing her new dress. Fred was happy to show off her dress to her friends.
John and Bob were cousins who played little league baseball together. At the park where they usually played, there was a magnolia tree. Bob was always tempting John to go climb it after their games. One day, Bob finally agreed to climb the tree. After the game, Bob climbed the tree.
Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife. It was to be a big anniversary surprise. It was a great price at $150 for a table and 6 chairs. When the delivery man came to the door he was carrying a small box. Joe had ordered doll furniture by mistake!
Craig was working the whole night on a new computer program. The program would make typos and grammar disappear. He put his program up for sell on Amazon. The program sold like hotcakes for the whole month. Craig was praised for his brilliance and contribution to mankind.
A spider dropped on to Xena's leg. She screamed and flicked it off. Then another one landed almost where the first had been. Xena saw they were dropping from the light fixture above her. She jumped up and dived into her shower.
Ricky was walking his dog at the park. His dog suddenly got loose from the leash. His dog sprinted towards a squirrel running up a tree. Ricky was luckily able to catch his dog before he ran away. Ricky and his dog went for a run in the park afterwards.
Leslie was in charge of the parks and recreation department. She wanted to build a new park. She decided to throw a town festival to raise money. No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids. A lot of people showed up and she raised a lot of money.
Jack was an old man with a limp. Chris and Steve were always curious why Jack had a limp. They wanted to ask why , but they were afraid jack would get mad. One day Chris asked Jack why he had  limp. Jack explained that he had been in a car accident.
Lester usually does not like to try any exotic foods. However, his friends told him that burritos are delicious. He finally decided to try one. He found it too spicy to eat even two bites. Lester decided to stick with foods he already knew well.
Burt and all his friends were excited. They had all rented tubes to float down the river. It was a perfect day for being in the water. They all got on their floats and went down the river. They all had such a great time and agreed to do it again.
We drove all night, only to get halfway there. We had the top down so we could feel the wind in our hair. The gentle hum of the tires was enough to lull us to sleep. If it hadn't been for the chill in the air, we'd have crashed already. Only a few more hours till we're home, in our warm beds.
Tina had been a big girl for as long as she could remember. Kids were never mean to her, but she felt perpetually self-conscious. Her weight problem consumed her life. A close friend told her to stop thinking about her appearance so much. Tina accepted her weight, and she learned to love herself.
Titan was the class fish. Every weekend a student brought it home. When Trey took it home it died. He felt terrible. His mom bought a new fish!
Drew gave his girlfriend a pair of flowers. Her girlfriend gave him a large hug and took the flowers away. A few minutes later, her face started to get puffy. She immediately fell on the ground. Drew called the ambulance and they gave her medication.
Tom had been taking a weight loss supplement. The supplement had several side effects. One of the side effects cause a racing pulse. Tom thought he was having heart problems. Tom stopped taking the supplement and the racing pulse stopped.
Mitchel wanted to be more conscious about the environment. He looked up ways to reduce his carbon footprint. He decided to look into carpooling. Finally, he found a group of people to ride to work with. Mitchel made new friends and felt pleased about helping the planet.
The company got a call from an angry client. The representative dealing with her ended up crying. I felt bad and decided to take over the call. At the end of the conversation, the client gave us more respect. My boss took me into the office and offered a new job.
Dave was at his family reunion playing games. Dave hadn't won any game yet, and really wanted to. This one required digging a hole the fastest. Dave excitedly began digging his hole. To his delight, he won the contest.
Ellen signed up for a half marathon in her local town. She had never run further than three miles before. She trained three days a week up until the race. On the day of the half marathon it rained but she did it anyway. She ran the marathon and came in seventieth out of three hundred.
Dan was shoveling snow near his gate. He noticed a young pine tree had started growing in front of it. It would block the gate from closing when it got bigger. Dan sliced its trunk with his snow shovel. He threw the young sapling into a nearby ditch.
Walking through the city together, Josh and Maryann stopped at a cafe. They had met up to get brunch. They both ordered crepes and mimosas. They spent the mid morning talking and talking. After they ate, they decided to spend the rest of the day together.
The superintendent was called late during the night. When he entered the apartment, it was flooded. He turned off the water. And looked everywhere for signs of life. As he found no one, he waited patiently for the police to arrive.
Ben and Kerri went to a comedy show. The show featured one of Ben's favorite comedians. Ben and Kerri laughed throughout the entire show. After the show, Ben was able to get the comedian's autograph. Ben and Kerri had an evening out to remember.
Janet scored a B on the final exam. However, her final grade was a 69 percent. The professor didn't curb her grade. Therefore she failed the class. She had to repeat the course during the upcoming semester.
Frank has a school trip to the local museum. He was always interested in History and its progression. Frank asked his mother for money to go on the trip. His mother refused because she had bills to pay. Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip.
Chloe and Chanel are best friends. One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick. Trying to hide illness, she was rushed to the hospital. Chloe begged her family not to tell Chanel. Chloe passed away the next day leaving a letter for Chanel.
Charles was 14-years-old and in too much trouble with his mom. His little sister, Kerris, told their mom Charles had a beeper. His mother accused him of selling drugs and wanted him out her house. She threatened to send him to live with his father. Charles didn't know his father, so Charles ran away from home.
Stan heard a knock at his front door. He crept to the peephole to see who it was. The mysterious guest looked right into the peephole at Stan. The guest demanded the door be opened for it was cold. Instead Stan bolted the door and pressed it closed.
I has a crush on a boy at school. We ended up dating for several months. I noticed something strange about him. Eventually, I couldn't take the strangeness and we broke up. Years later, my brother told me that he is gay!
Leo and Tom decided to race their cars on the freeway. They met up at 3 AM. And they went on a 2 mile long race. But just before they finished, they almost hit a family driving home. And they decided to never race again.
Ken was late for work today. Ken's boss was waiting for him at the office door. She had a box with Ben's belongings in it. He never liked working there anyway. He drove directly to the job fair.
I remember my first dance was on our prom night in high school. My first dance is my best friend actually. I don't know why i'm the first that he asked for a dance that night. Maybe because i'm his best friend. When he is about to ask me he gave me a rose first.
Sam found an injured dog by the road. He took it in. He took the dog to the veterinarian when it didn't get better. The vet said there was nothing he could do. Sam had to put the dog down.
Cara wanted to stop snacking on chips and cookies. She knew they were affecting her weight and her health. So she began keeping dried fruit and rice cakes close at hand. She made a conscious effort to only eat her healthy snacks. Soon, Cara didn't even think about junk food at all!
One day I went to buy some fish food at the store. I purchased five tetras. When I returned home one was dead. I fed it to my cat. The cat only ate the head.
When i was in high school i dreamed of having a phone. So i decided to earn money everyday. When i already have enough money to buy something happened. My friend got sick and rushed to the hospital. They don't have enough money so i decided to give her my savings.
Jenny loved making costumes. She spent months making elaborate get ups. She joined every costume contest she could. She usually won first place. This year she got second, but was still happy.
Kim couldn't have children. She decided to adopt one instead. It was a lot harder process than she expected. It took her years to finally be able to. By that point doctors had found a way to impregnate her.
Susan was unhappy with the way she was being treated at work. She considered giving her two weeks' notice. Her friend reminded her how tough the job market was. Susan reconsidered and talked to her boss instead. Her boss apologized and things improved right away.
Lori decided to get a new ipad She was in the midst of getting the brand new one. As she arrived at the Apple Store they were having a sale. Lori got all excited. She immediately picked up the gold one she wanted.
Jimmy lost his dog while playing on the playground. She just ran off into the woods. He looked for her all day but soon had to return home. He didn't know what he would tell his parents. When he got there his Boxer had made her way home safe!
Sydnee wanted to sing songs for a living. She had a beautiful voice but couldn't sing. She practiced in front of the mirror for hours. She was finally able to sing a clear note. She can now sing beautifully but still needs more practice.
Brad wanted to win the lottery. He bought a hundred tickets! He was sure he had a good chance of winning. Alas, he did not win any money at all. Brad wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets.
Jean has a niece. Her niece is 2 Years old. Her niece loves to sing. She calls her Aunt Jay. Her niece is a joy.
Tom noticed a bad smell in the apartment. His roommate had two cats. She hadn't cleaned out their cat litter. Tom was annoyed and asked her to do so. She reluctantly agreed.
Ashley and Maria went to the Historical Museum. They saw many wax figures while they were there. They wanted to learn more about wax figures. They heard about Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. They planned a vacation to go see the famous museum of wax figures.
Madison was at the aquarium. She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend. She looked through the gift shop. At first she had a hard time choosing something. Then, she found the perfect hat for her friend.
Horatio is enrolling in college next fall. He decides he needs something to keep all his books in. Horatio buys a great backpack at a store. Now he feels prepared for college. He is excited to start his first day at college.
Sal the writer got a lot of feedback about his work. He wrote all the advice on note cards and sorted. He took the more critical and favorable feedback aside. With those cards he improved on his story. Sal made a mention of his reviewers in his dedication.
James was the only kid in his eighth-grade class without a cell phone. He begged his parents over and over, but they refused. They thought he was too young for a phone. But when he started high school, they surprised him with a phone! James was so thrilled, he yelled with surprise and joy!
Tabby opened the door to her bedroom. It had been a long, hard day of middle school. She dropped her backpack as she saw what was in her bedroom. Her brother was sitting on her bed, reading her diary! Tabby angrily yelled at her brother.
Tom was a college student. He noticed his classmates were better dressed than himself. Tom went shopping for new clothes. Tom spent hours at the mall. Tom left with a whole new wardrobe.
Jake was driving home from work. While driving he heard a loud pop. His car started rattling as he kept driving. Jake decided to pull over. He had a flat tire that needed to be replaced.
Ted went through the typical American college eating experience. He had peanut butter sandwiches and instant ramen noodles most nights. After Ted got his first "real job" and paychecks he avoided that food. Ted was on vacation in Japan and got hungry enough that he tried ramen. Now Ted is working his way through trying all his local ramen shops.
James wanted to see the new Star Wars movie. First, he decided to do a marathon. He watched the first three movies in one day. The next day he watched the next three. Finally, he was ready to see the new one.
Last week Sally was marrying Harry. Ben was there. Ben is one of Sally's old college friends. During the reception Ben kissed Sally. Ben was thrown out of the reception.
Allie had to use the restroom. So she walked all the way back. But then she realized there was a closer one. Allie was disappointed. She wasted a mile walk.
A girl named Val wanted to fight Ali. Ali declined to fight. Ali decided not to meet Val, and go home instead. As she walked to her bike she saw Val waiting near it. Ali mustered her courage and approached the bully.
Mary was walking through the park one day. She spotted a small yellow object next to a tree. She was surprised when she saw it was a baby duck! She decided to leave it alone and start walking home. As she walked, the duck followed her, all the way home.
Scott had been putting off restocking his kitchen for weeks. When he got his holiday bonus from work he finally decided to do it. With it being the holidays the grocery store was packed. The store itself was very busy and Scott felt overwhelmed. He ended up only getting half the things on his list.
An anthropologist found some bones at a dig site. He sent them to the lab. The lab studied the bones. The lab found that the bones were just from cows. The anthropologist cried at the news.
Jim was a freshman in college. He was never went out. His friends thought he was lame. Jim finally decided to go out. He failed his test the next day.
Matt wanted to learn how to swim. He joined at class at the YMCA. He was nervous, but one of the instructors helped him. Eventually Matt got better at holding his breath. Before long, he was swimming easily and happily.
The boy put his tissue in his pants pocket. He put his pants in the laundry. His mom put the pants in the washer. The tissue got all over the clothes. His mom told the boy to check his pockets in the future.
Sarah like to drive her car. She didn't have a license though. She still drove her car around. She got pulled over by the police. She was sent to jail.
Kenneth has been out of work for 10 years. He hasn't been able to find anything for all those years. He decides to try his luck at job fair. He has great success at the job fair. A company hires him right then and there.
I was sitting in the kitchen. My son came up to me. He confessed that he was addicted to drugs. I decided to take him to a psychologist. The psychologist helped my son overcome his addiction.
Pamela was crying all the time and didn't know why. She knew she needed to find what was wrong. She finally went to her doctor. Pamela discovered she had a chemical imbalance. The doctor prescribed medication and her symptoms improved.
Luz was playing outside this morning. She heard a strange sound coming from behind a bush. She walked towards it but stopped when she saw the bush shake. Luz looked inside the bush and saw a little puppy. From that day forward, she promised to always take care of animals.
Mina was studying for her final exam. Her roommate was making too much noise. Mina asked her roommate to be a little quieter. Mina's roommate got confrontational with Mina. Mina and her roommate got into a fight.
Amber loved lots of books. She was really excited that her favorite book was being made a movie. She waited for months to see it. When it opened she went with her best friend. She was disappointed that it was a terrible movie.
Hank went to his shed to get his lawn mower. He adjusted the blade so it would cut the grass very low. Hank started the engine and began to mow. His yard looked very tidy with such short grass. Hank marked the setting he used on the mower for next time.
Grant notices that he has been spending a lot of money on breakfast. He typically eats breakfast at a coffee shop before work. Grant decides to buy yogurt and eat it at home each day instead. Now he spends much less money on breakfast. Grant is happy that he has started saving money on breakfast.
I hated creating passwords for websites. Thus, I used the same password for every website. Naturally, a hacker found out my password on one website. Now, he could access my account on all the websites. I lamented and realized I should have been more careful!
Tom was tired in class. He started to fall asleep. His teacher noticed. He smacked a book loudly near Tom. Tom woke up in a state of shock.
A friend went to get a tattoo. The tattoo artist had a cold, but was wearing gloves. While he was giving the tat, he sneezed loudly and harshly. Soon I realized he had scribbled on my friend, because of the sneeze! My friend was so livid, he demanded the tattoo be free.
Ryder and Sadie went to a winery on a hot July day. They bought a case of wine bottles. Ryder and Sadie put the wine in their trunk. While they were driving they heard something hitting the trunk. The wine was exploding in the trunk because it was so hot!
Bill was walking home when he saw a dog in trouble. The dog was on a chain but had tried to jump the privacy fence. Now the dog was hanging by its collar about two feet off the ground. Bill ran over and lifted the dog up so it could breathe. A neighbor came to help and together they rescued the dog.
Anthony really enjoyed toy guns. One day his dad got him a real gun. He then practiced shooting every day. Now he is a sniper in the military. Anthony is the best sniper around!
Sparkle was getting too many rejections from OCMP 75 hits on mturk. She decided to write short stories instead. She wrote one as quick as she could. She checked the timer and ten minutes had passed. Sparkles decided to quit talking and watch tv instead.
Bob invited his friends over to use his new grill. Bob and his friends started to cook. Everyone was having a good time. Bob was going to put a big steak on. Bob tripped and dropped the steak right on Jim!
I moved into my new house in December. I tinkered with CB radios as a hobby. It was snowing the day I put up my big antenna. I was almost done when I noticed the flash in the snow. It was the first time I had ever seen lightning in a snow storm.
Remy was fascinated with precious stones, especially emeralds. She decided to take a course in cutting precious gems. The course was excellent, and she was able  cut several stones. The teacher brought a semi-precious emerald to the class. Remy did so well in the class, that the teacher let her cut the stone.
Sue's parrot would not stop making noise. Sue tried everything to get it to be quiet. Sue's parrot kept her up all night. Eventually it began to calm down. Sue learned to feed her parrot to make it stop making noise.
Sally began her exam. Surprisingly, the first question was familiar. She realized that her teacher talked about the same problem. Since she didn't pay attention to her that day, she was confused. As a result, she left the question blank.
Joe wanted to go to the bar. He called his friends to get someone to join him. None of Joe's friends were interested in going to the bar. Joe went to the bar alone. Joe had a horrible and boring time alone.
Tina's mom told her to go to bed. But Tina was reluctant. She did not want to go to bed. She wanted to stay up. So she whined for the rest of the night.
Greg wanted to get his daughter the new robot doll for her birthday. He had to get an extra job so he could afford it. After extensive overtime and working exhaustively, he bought it. When his daughter opened the box, she cried. It was the wrong doll!
I was looking for a new gym. So, I went walking around the surrounding area to find one. As invisited gyms, I started to feel the burn. I realized, the walking to the gym's was my actual exercise! I forgot the gym, and decided to use nature as my track from then on.
In 1994 my wife bought me a chess set. The pieces were based on imperial Chinese characters. I was very pleased with the set. I could not find anyone to play chess with. The set is still in our bedroom.
Larry was bored at home. He decided to learn how to cook. He put on the cooking channel. He watched the show and followed the instructions. He was able to cook a pan fried steak by himself.
The event planner was worrying over every detail. She was throwing a party in a giant tent. There were supposed to be high winds. The planner worried the tent would blow away! She hoped the weather would calm down before the event.
The Johnson's dog loved to chew. He ate everything. He was ruining a lot of stuff. They decided to get him bones. He stopped chewing on their things!
Chad loved getting a bargain. Therefore, Chad was excited to see a new dollar store opening. Chad visited the store, and found so much items for sale there. Chad purchased several items that he knew he needed. Chad could not wait to return to the dollar store again.
Amy had been running a cupcake shop for a year. One day there was a fire in the building her shop was in. She had to close the shop to await repairs. The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair. Amy was disappointed to miss out on a month's worth of business.
Tony loved playing his guitar, and would spend hours practicing. One day while in the garage playing, he tried playing his fastest. Hammering on the strings, he produced a new song on the spot. Setting up his recorder, he played the song again, only faster. After recording, he uploaded it to his friends on the computer.
Sean and Mary were on a walk one night. Suddenly they heard some odd noises. Sean knew that the noises were from a mountain lion. They were far from the sounds but it was still scary. They hurried to get inside.
Terry bought a red baseball cap. He loved it so much he would wear it in class. Terry had his hat taken many times. Terry never gave up to the school's dismay. The school resorted to threatening suspension!
Emma was hosting a birthday party for her daughter. She was turning one, and the home was full of her baby friends. Everything was going well when one of the balloons popped. All of the babies began crying and screaming at the loud sound. Luckily, the moms got all of them calmed down and quiet soon.
All my friends stole music and movies. I was way too afraid I'd get caught. After so many Years my friends told me to try a torrent. I torrented Toy Story 3. I woke up to an email that warned me not to steal movies anymore.
Tasha needed extra cash. She had a bin full of cans. She took them to the store. There, she fed them to the machine. She was able to get a few dollars.
Every year, Amy's mom and dad threw a huge family picnic. The year Amy was 18, her father passed away, and they had no picnic. But then Amy saw a way to honor her dad and make her mom happy, too. She offered to take her dad's place picnic planning with her mom. The next year, the family gathered again at the women's annual picnic!
Jose and Susan would salsa. Susan thought she was fantastic at it. They she danced once without Jose. Turns out Susan couldn't really dance at all. Jose was just a great lead.
My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter's cat. Her daughter's place is being sprayed for roaches. The cat, named Kitty, will stay at Martha's apartment. Martha is not very fond of cats. Martha is not looking forward to minding Kitty.
Wendy's mother was having some friends over for a party. She had hired a babysitter to put Wendy to bed upstairs. Wendy was sad she couldn't join the party. Her babysitter showed Wendy the exciting new books she had brought. Wendy enjoyed all the bedtime stories and forgot about the party.
Sue got a job at a new school. She had never taught middle school. She was both nervous and excited. On her first day, she met her students and explained the rules. Her students were great and she had a good day.
Tina had to write a great essay to get into college. She was worried because she doubted her writing skills. She decided to write about her own life. She did her very best on her essay. She was delighted to hear the college had accepted her!
My wife shops on FB. She found a nice wallet for sale. It was in Belmont, not far from here. She bought it today. We are picking it up on Thursday.
Manny was sitting on his futon watching a movie. He was trying to adjust his weight when he heard a crack. He realized that the wood frame had snapped and broken. His futon cost so much money and he was really upset. Luckily, his brother was able to fix it.
Tom tried to make a grocery list. He couldn't remember what he needed. He looked in his refrigerator. Tom realized what was missing. He made a list and went to the grocery store.
It was Molly's first day at a new school. She was nervous, but things were going well. Then, she tried to go to latin class. Soon, she realized that she was lost. Luckily, a student noticed and helped her find the class.
Ben lived on the 22nd floor of an apartment building. He walked to his window and looked down. Down below was a person who Ben did not like much. Ben dropped a rubber ball from his window. The ball hit the man on the head and Ben laughed.
Jake moved to a new city. It was in an area with tornadoes. Jake had never experienced them before. The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing. Jake decided to move back.
Ike was beloved in town for making the best ice cream. He had invented a dozen new flavors and perfected the craft. Ike personally delivered and made every cup of ice cream. He sold ice cream to a girl and she couldn't pay. Ike let her have a free ice cream and the whole town heard of it.
Ms Brown's 2nd grade class went on a field trip to a farm. Part of the field trip involved going on a hay ride. Ms Brown was yelling at all her students to sit down to be safe. Ms Brown was not sitting down as she was telling them this. The tractor lurched forward, almost throwing Ms Brown over the side.
One time I had a photography class in college. The class required us to have a camera, but I didn't own one. I had to rent one from the school library. Unfortunately I lost it. I had to pay the school for the camera I lost.
I made sure my family was happy. Once everything was taken care of I sat down at the computer. I turned on the computer and waited for the internet to boot up. I opened the page and logged into my Mturk account page. Once I checked my balance I started to look for hits.
Liza went to bed extremely late one night. She had school the next day, and had to wake up early. Because of little sleep, Liza was really cranky. She didn't mean to, but was rude to her friend on the bus. Her friend then told her to get more sleep that night.
Allison started a new job today. She was very nervous. Allison just graduated college and this was her first job. She knew that this was huge. She did very well on her first day.
Tom lives in Chicago and he gets very cold winters. Today his car wouldn't start because it was so cold outside. He had to call into work and say he can't come in. Now he isn't going to get paid today. Tom wants to move somewhere warmer.
Melinda had always wanted a dog. She researched many kinds of breeds. Melinda found a dog she wanted at a shelter. Melinda met the dog and fell in love with him. She took the dog home that very day.
Bill and Joe went to the ice cream parlor. Joe couldn't decide what he wanted. He tried six different samples. Then he realized he wasn't hungry anymore. The server at the ice cream parlor was very annoyed with him.
Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone. He stood in line for three hours before the store opened. When the doors opened, he rushed inside to where they were on display. Once he had purchased it, he raised his arms in the air in excitement. He watched with horror as it fell from his hand and its screen broke.
The neighbors decided to get together to play poker. They didn't really know how to play, so Tom gave them a quick lesson. They all started playing and Angie won every round! They discovered that she had hustled them. She actually was a great poker player.
The contestants were lined up. They were all going to be on a gameshow. Bob was selected first. He won a million dollars! It was a great day for Bob!
In biology class, the students had to dissect a frog. Jeremy was nervous about it. He tried to do it though and face his fears. He felt really sick. He had to go to the bathroom to puke because of it.
My friends decided to visit me. My mom handed a platter of cookies to them. Timmy caught an allergic reaction after taking a bite of a cookie. I quickly took him to the hospital. The physician was able to stop the allergic reaction.
Dakota hated mint flavor, so he really hated the taste of toothpaste. Dakota lied to his mom and only pretended to brush his teeth. When he went to the dentist he had nine cavities. The dentist gave him some unflavored toothpaste. Dakota began brushing and had much better checkups after that.
I tried to run under five minutes my first time I ran a mile. But I ran about five and a half minutes. So I started running about 40 miles a week for two years. I also did 400 meter intervals with one minute rest between. Eventually I got there with a 4:57 on an indoor track.
Bob had a big day at work coming up. But he woke in the morning feeling ill. He took his temperature and saw he had a high fever. Bob was forced to call in sick. He was sad to have missed his important day at work.
Todd's rent was due and he was out of money. He panicked and tried to find a way to make the money. He posted online to sell some of his items. After buyers took his items, Todd made a lot of money. He took the money to his landlord, and made rent on time.
I was going to go to a concert but my leg was in pain. I wasn't sure if I could go or not, so I was nervous. I took some pain relievers for my leg and they helped! I told everyone that I was going and they were excited. I went to the concert and wasn't in pain the entire time!
Jane was at a store when she saw a satin robe on a rack. She always wanted one because they looked luxurious. Jane purchase the robe and went home. Jane decided to take a bath and put on her new robe. Unfortunately the cashier forgot to remove the security tag.
Dan was about to merge on the expressway. He eventually moved from the right lane to the left lane. The car in front of him had a drunk driver. The drunk driver pressed on his brakes although no one was in front. Dan ended up crashing the driver.
I asked my brother to play golf when I was young. He would always play, but I was never included. He told me once I got better that I could play with him. But from the first time I played with him, I beat him. I have never lost since and I keep teasing him about that.
Edna and Jessie were at the mall together. Suddenly Edna lost track of Jessie. She searched everywhere for her, but couldn't find her. She was about to give up. Luckily, she noticed Jessie outside talking on her phone.
It was a hot day. Everyone went swimming to get relief from the heat. Harry did not know how to swim but was fearless. Harry jumped into the pool and began drowning. He then realized he was in the shallow end and stood up.
Jeffrey loved stamps. He loved to collect as many as possible. One day, he went to a stamp store. He saw many expensive stamps there. Jeffrey was able to purchase many stamps to add to his collection.
Nancy woke up and used the bathroom. She forgot to wash her hands and decided to go to the kitchen. She took the toaster plug and tried to connect it to an outlet. Her hands got electrocuted since they were wet. She passed out for a split second.
Tom had a pet dog. He got it a new squeaky toy. The dog loved it. Unfortunately it was too loud and annoying after a while. Tom wound up having to get rid of the toy.
Kitty looked at her phone. Her mother had texted her. She texted back that she was busy. The mother cried because Kitty never talked to her. Kitty rolled her eyes, she had spoken to her just that morning.
Becky was on a diet. She was out at lunch with all of her friends. They were all tempting her to get steak and lobster. She knew she needed to get a salad to keep on the right track. She prevailed and ate her measly green salad with pride.
Rob likes comedy. He wants to be a stand up comedian. One day, he went to an open-mic night. He ended up getting called on stage. Now Rob is sure he will succeed at stand up comedy.
Michael was a fifteen year old boy with a big imagination. He always put his mind to work creating new stories to tell. He always dreamed of building a three story treehouse. Michael put all of his thoughts on paper to build it. Michael finally built the treehouse of his dreams.
My weekly piano lesson was this afternoon. I felt bad that I had not practiced much at all during the week. Instead of faking my way though my lesson I told my teacher the truth. He said he was glad I told him upfront and that we would practice now. We worked on the assignment I didn't do and next week I will practice.
I was taking my economics exam. I turned the exam booklet to the final question. It was an essay question that I was unprepared for. I decided to skip the question. Naturally, I failed the exam.
Tom and Amanda were sleeping soundly in the same bed. Suddenly, Tom started having a nightmare and yelling in his sleep! This woke Amanda up, who was scared and also started to yell! Eventually, they both realized that there was nothing to be afraid of. They laughed about it together and went back to sleep.
Ben has been eyeing a new watch. He never considered buying a smartwatch. Ben did some research on smart watches. He discovered there is so much you can do with a smart watch. Ben decided to buy a new Apple Watch as soon as he gets his paycheck.
Faried threw a pencil at the teacher. She got out of her desk and was mad. She asked everyone who threw the pencil. No one wanted to confess. As a result, she gave the whole class detention.
Ronnie is out camping. While out camping he sees something. He goes to look and see what it is. He sees a big black bear. Ronnie can't believe what he has seen.
Anna was given the lead solo in the school musical. She was so nervous! She was afraid she would mess it up. But on performance night, she did an amazing job. Everyone told her that her performance was flawless!
Allie had loved reading superhero comics for years. For some time, she had wanted to dress as her favorite character. She knew people did that at Cons, but was nervous to do it herself. Luckily, her good friend decided he wanted to dress up as well. Together, they made great costumes and got over their embarrassment.
Tom rented a movie. Unfortunately he broke the disk. He called customer service. They charged him a small fee. Tom paid it gladly.
Jenny waited all year to watch an animated Christmas show on TV. Her choir concert was scheduled for the same evening as the show. Jenny pleaded with her parents to skip the concert. When her parents refused, Jenny wailed for hours. At the concert, Jenny was too hoarse to sing.
Jenny needed to light a candle. Her lighter wasn't working. She decided to try something else. She lit a dry spaghetti noodle on the stove. Using the noodle, she was able to light the candle.
Gintoki's country was ravaged by war. He fought very hard in the war to protect his country. In the end, his country lost the war. Gintoki struggled to accept that his country had been taken over. He eventually came to accept that things in his country had changed.
Sharon was always being told the curiosity killed the cat. As she didn't understand this she asked so many questions about it. She asked questions about everything. She asked questions about the answers she was given. One day she received an encyclopedia, and never had to ask again.
Sandra got angry fast. She drove away friends with the rage. During her birthday party she yelled and screamed at a friend. She was red and flustered all for nothing. She got a gift from the person she yelled at but lost her as a friend.
30-something Carol had just moved to a new country. She found the local college and spoke to someone about taking classes. The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol. She told Carol that she could take classes if she wanted. Carol found out that in this country, college was high school.
Kacey decided to bake a cake. It was her first attempt, but she was confident. After all, it was a boxed mix - how hard could it be? But Kacey was wrong - she burned the cake! Her first attempt was an unmitigated disaster!
The gym class was learning how to play badminton. Kinsey threw the birdie into the air and hit it as hard as she could. It flew across the gym and hit Mr Frank. Mr Frank flew into a rage. He took away all the racquets and made the kids sit down.
Kyla had been dating Ron for three years. One night he took her out to dinner. After eating, he got on one knee and proposed to her! Kyla was ecstatic and agreed at once! She and Ron were both so happy, they almost cried!
Stu was trying to guide a woman to his house. They were talking on their cell phones. The woman lost reception down in a valley. She didn't hear the last part of Stu's directions. She ended up driving all the way to New Mexico!
Charlie had a car that he worked on often. He saved up money to upgrade its parts so he could race it. He had been training to race in a tournament in a month. The day of the race finally came and Charlie was excited! Charlie's car ended up dying on him, leaving him in last place.
Jake was dissatisfied with his job. His boss was incredibly mean to him. He was also underpaid for the amount of work he did. Jake decided to search for another job. He was able to find a better paying job within a matter of weeks.
Though her parents protested, Winry Ginry became a pro wrestler. She started out as a low card heel, and began working. Winry slowly clawed her way through the ranks, and made it to midcard. She made it to debut, and had her parents come see her name in lights. As thanks for their lack of support, she piledrived her dad.
Mark entered his work in the art fair. The judges chose one piece to display in the main tent. It attracted a big crowd. Someone decided to buy it from Mark. He made $10,000 on the one piece!
Charles woke up in his throat felt bad He told his mom and his mom said go lay back down. She came back with a thermometer and took his temperature. She told him that he's not going to school today because you are sick. He gave him some medicine and by the morning he was well again.
Paul had a lot of subscriptions. He got his favorite magazine in the mail and read it immediately. Every time he finished one magazine, he couldn't wait to get another. He flipped through them on his commute to work. This magazines were his favorite way to pass the time.
Once there was a cat named Claude. He was adventurous and would often sneak out of the house. One day, Claude went missing. His owner looked for him everywhere. Two weeks later, Claude came back and they were happily reunited.
Olivia decided to make cinnamon rolls for breakfast. She followed the recipe and left the dough to rise. After forty-five minutes she peeked at the dough. The dough had not risen! Olivia looked over the recipe again and realized she forgot the yeast.
Elton was taking his wife out to eat on their anniversary. He wanted it to be a surprise. The restaurant called to confirm Elton's reservations. Elton's wife answered the phone. She realized what his plans were.
The man showed up for work late. His boss noticed. His boss called him into his office. The boss gave the man a warning. The man was not late again.
While sitting in his patrol, Carl heard a tiny knock at the  car door. Carl looked out the window and saw a duck looking up at him. Carl stared at her for a second when she started to walk off. Carl followed her to a spot where her babies had fallen down a hole. He lifted the ducklings out of the hole and returned them to her.
My friend Charlie is a Philistine. He has absolutely no knowledge about the arts. He and his wife bought a summer home on Cape Cod. They decorated the walls with very tacky paintings. I made fun of Charlie, but he took it in stride.
Jill's mother had a beautiful vase. Jill was tossing around a baseball one day. The ball hit the vase and it fell to the ground. The vase broke into many pieces. Jill's mother was very upset.
Amy and Beth went to lunch in between classes. When the got to class Amy could still smell onions faintly. She couldn't believe they were coming through her pores. She had eaten onions for one day too many. Amy slunk in her chair and hoped no one would notice.
Janie was often mistreated by a family member. She decided to get revenge. Janie registered for a gun and waited 30 days. She got the gun and learned to use it. Janie got a gun and put a bullet in her relatives toe.
Stanley is being bullied. He tries to stand up to his bully. He gets pushed down. He gets kicked and punched. Stanley is beaten up by his bully.
Frankie always had painted nails. She felt confident when she had nail varnish on. Once, she left the house without any nail varnish on. Her crush at the time totally ignored her. To this day, she blames it on the nail varnish.
Nikki got dumped by her boyfriend. She feels horrible and very sad. She doesn't know what to do with her life. Her friend set her up with a very cute guy friend. The cute guy totally helped distract Nikki.
Kathy dreamed of building the world's tallest sandcastle. She challenged her community to help her. Her community agreed and had truck loads of sand brought to the beach. Sarah and her friends worked hard every day building  the sandcastle. Sarah was crushed when Guinness official said they were short an inch.
Recently I've been craving the cereal called Oh's. It's one of those comfort foods that remind me of my childhood. I wasn't able to find them in any of my local stores. My girlfriend is so thoughtful that she ordered some on Amazon. Now I have ten boxes of delicious cereal!
The florist opened up her greenhouse one morning. She turned on the lights. She found a window was broken. She called the glass repairman. The window was fixed.
Last week I bought a new chair. The new chair has a leg massager. My legs have been feeling much better since I got the new chair. I have been recommending this chair to all of my friends. Two of my friends have bought an identical chair
Sara plays tennis. Her league is not the best. However, they have a great time. Sara was playing doubles and was about to lose. All of a sudden her team won.
The band was all set on the stage. They looked real sharp with tuxedos on and polished instruments. Everyone filled in to see them play. They began and man were they good. Everyone watched amazed at how well they played.
Andy was recently enjoying a picnic at the park. While at the park, he had the pleasure of seeing a Indian Celebration. Andy was moved by the dancers, as well as the fast paced drum beats. Andy was so moved that he began dancing as well. Andy was so glad he had the opportunity to see the Indian celebration.
Tia was lost in the woods. She had been hiking with her family, but they were separated. Tia tried to remain calm. SHe stayed put and waited for her family to find her. Thankfully, they found her just an hour later!
In 1971 i ate my first bagel. My family is Chinese and did not eat Western food much. We lived near a Jewish deli. My brother bought a toasted bagel and gave me half. I was hooked on bagels, and eat them all the time.
Dale lived on a boat. One morning before his daily swim he didn't look around. When he jumped in his splash attracted attention. A shark swooped in and bit him. At the hospital, Dale checked the want ads for a house on land.
Tiffany was always texting her twin sister,Brittany. She'd often ask how she was and if she'd visit her. However, Brittany hardly ever responded to her. It made Tiffany sad until Brittany texted her, asking for money. Tiffany smiled as she deleted the text.
Martha was getting ready to move. She needed to get some boxes. She had a few but not enough. Luckily, she found some for sale online. She ordered the boxes and got them in time to move.
A man got a new job. He was going to be a welder. He walked into work the first day. He was nervous but got right to work. His first project was a big one!
Diana decided to give her speech out loud. When she was talking, a fly flew into her mouth. She ended up choking on the fly. I immediately ran to help remove the fly. She ended up swallowing it.
I was trying to broaden my musical horizons. I asked friends for recommendations of things to listen to. One of my pals told me to check out classical music by Tchaikovsky. One of my pals told me to check out glam rock by Def Leppard. I ended up loving both, and thanked my friends for the help.
Sadie had walked to the store for a few small things. By the time she came out she had several full bags. She had no car so she tried to walk them home. Quickly she realized that that was a futile plan. Instead she called a cab to come and help her out.
Kim had long blonde hair. She decided she needed a change. She looked through magazines for ideas. She went to her hairstylist with a picture of what she wanted. Kim now has short red hair.
Anna had a choir audition at school. She was very nervous. But she did her very best! After her audition, her smiling teacher pulled her aside. She welcomed Anna into the school choir!
The class played dodgeball. The teams were needing to be picked. Two friends decided to be teammates. They played really well together. They decided to be teammates forever.
My brother threw my sisters food on the ground. He was mad that she was trying to eat his food. However, she got frustrated and went to her bedroom. When she came out, she had a cord in her hand. She immediately smacked my brother in the head with it.
Ben walked into the taxi. After the driver received the money, he drove off. They were on the road for 10-15 minutes. In addition, Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop. He began to head towards an abandoned house.
Joe had robbed a bank. He escaped with the money. Back home, he opened the bag of cash. Then a dye pack exploded in his face! Joe was angry and upset.
Toni's dream was to sail on a Caribbean cruise. She worked hard for many years to save money. Finally she had saved up enough to go on the cruise. As soon as the cruise left, Toni began feeling seasick. Toni spent the entire week feeling sick in her room.
Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him His friend accepted the challenge and ended up winning Andy was very disappointed because usually he wins After a week of training Andy won against his friend
John's grades were in trouble. John's female teacher asked him to stay after class. She talked about his poor grades and what he can do about it. She told him she wanted an affair to which John accepts. The teacher was caught and fired.
Yara couldn't wait for the Christmas holiday. She had a big trip to Oklahoma planned. She'd see her family for the first time since she left for college. They'd have a big Christmas feast and give gifts. She was most excited to see her sister.
My father went to take a shower. When he got out, he said his hair felt greasy. He told me not to buy that kind of shampoo anymore. Confused, I went to see what he was talking about. He had been using my conditioner and thought it was shampoo.
Tonight Doug, Emma, Jillian, John, Rob and I met for trivia. We started going to trivia three Wednesdays ago. The first time we went, we got third place. Last week, we got second place. This week, we hoped to get first place, but got second place again.
The little town of Hastings had seen its fair share of turmoil. Nothing could quite compare though to the drought that had come. For years the sun had withered away its chances of survival. Right when it seemed all hope was lost, it all changed with a drop. The end of the drought started with a single drop of rain.
Today is Christmas so he was supposed to be happy. However, he was never very happy so he was used to it. Some family was coming over but even that did not make him happy. He always had to pretend to be happy around them. He hears a knock on the door and begins to practice his smile.
Curtis went snorkeling in the ocean. He saw many beautiful fish and reefs. He also saw a large sand shark! Curtis took many pictures of the fish. When he was done he said that he would go snorkeling again very soon.
Tom wanted to fix his sleep schedule. He woke up too late and groggy. He decided to force himself to sleep earlier. Tom realized that he wound up just sleeping longer. He was less groggy, at least.
The teacher called Mary and Jane to the front of the class. He asked if they copied the same work. He also said that they won't be penalized for telling the truth. Mary and Jane admitted that they copied from each other. The teacher ripped both papers and threw them away.
Karen sat in front of Doug in English class. Doug's mumbling during class annoyed Karen. Karen asked the teacher to discipline Doug. The teacher ignored Karen's request. Karen bought some ear plugs to wear in class.
Tim was seven years old. He decided to watch a scary movie. It really freaked him out. Tim peed his bed that night due to a nightmare. He wasn't allowed to watch any more scary movies.
I used to dance at a strip club. Ever since I quit, I've had nightmarish memories about it. I finally went to a psychologist to work out my feelings. She really helped me work through my nightmares. I haven't had those memories ever since.
Max's favorite history subject was barbarians. Learning about them and their fights against the empire. So as he grew up he learned to fight, and worked out. Until one day he learned about LARP, where he could be a barbarian. Within three years he was the head barbarian in his game.
Went to a restaurant named Chili's. I was seated at a table by the hostess. Then, I met the worst waitress in my life. She was rude, uncooperative and never got my order right. I usually tip, but this time I just couldn't.
Wes was watching his kids while his wife was out running errands. He wanted to play a fun trick on her. He wrapped his kids up in wrapping paper with bows on their heads. When his wife got home he said he had gotten her some presents. She unwrapped the kids and they gave her a big hug.
I was doing well in all my classes except math. I hired a tutor to help me improve in my math class. We spent a lot of time going over the formulas I needed. I spent so much time in math that neglected the rest of my classes. I ended up with an A in math, but did badly in my other classes.
A boy approached me today. He said he represented a local charity. It turned out to be one close to my heart. I made a small donation. Now I feel terrible that I couldn't give him more.
Liz always wanted to learn how to sew. She decided to take a sewing class through her rec department. The day before her first class, Liz fell on the ice on her porch. Her doctor told Liz her left wrist was fractured. Liz was sad that she would have to postpone her sewing lessons.
Renata swung the baseball bat missing the ball by an inch. She tried again on her second attempt without more luck. The third time though she hit the ball. Surprised, she froze at first before rushing to first base. When the next player hit a home run, she run to the home base.
Benny is fourteen years old. He wants to buy a video game but doesn't have enough money. He gets a job as a paper boy on his bike. He works for two weeks before he has enough to buy the game. He decides not to buy it and keep working to save more money!
It was Lauren's birthday. Her boyfriend, Darin, gave her a small box with a bow on it. Curious, Lauren untied the bow and opened the lid. A puppy greeted her and licked her face. Lauren screamed with delight.
John was running for public office. He was popular at first as an outsider. After a while people started looking into his views and policies. None of them really made sense. John just barely lost his election.
We are having a yard sale on Saturday. There is a lot of stuff to get rid of. We are going to have to start early. If not we won't get everything put out for sale. Mom said I can keep the money from the sale.
As I was walking home from the grocery store. I noticed a hill with a path going up the side of it. I decided to follow the path. As I reached the hill I discovered a forest I had never seen or knew. I decided to walk through the forest and had a good time.
Amelia loved singing for fun. But as she had a great voice, her friends pushed her to compete. She entered a voice competition on TV. She sang the best she could. But her clip was shown to everyone as a blooper.
Jeff was a very hard worker. He was in line for a promotion at his work. It was between Him and another man. Jeff is called into his boss's office. Jeff is told he has earned the promotion.
Alex had always loved trains. She begged her parents to take her on a train. For her birthday Alex's parents gave her Amtrak tickets. She went to visit her cousins by train. She returned from her cousins by train.
Mike had been working in the garden. He went inside to get a glass of water. Mike left his shoes on. He left mud on the floors. Mike's wife yelled at him.
Lily was a kindergarten teacher. She loved her students and enjoyed encouraging them to do their best. Sometimes her students would rain havoc or bully each other. Lily would punish them by taking away their toys until they apologized. It often worked, reigning harmony back upon the classroom.
Roy always came late to class. One day he decided to try and find a shortcut to school. After walking around for a few hours few found the perfect route. He practiced the route a few times. Roy is now the first one to class.
Clara missed eighty days of work during 2015 due to a chronic illness. She received a termination of employment letter from her employer. Fearing discrimination, she never told her employer about her illness. Clara went to her workplace and told her boss that she had an illness. Her boss understood and gave Clara her job back.
Ivan went to the zoo. He saw that they were giving elephant rides! He begged his mom to let him ride. She reluctantly agreed. Ivan climbed up and rode the elephant happily!
Clara got an exciting phone call. It was a job offer! She was so proud of herself. She was going to start the job on Monday. She couldn't wait for her first day!
Tina wanted a tan. She was always very pale. She decided to lay out without sunblock outside. As a result she got majorly burned. Tina then learned her lesson.
Gretchen had fallen in love with her boyfriend. She was scared to admit it however. One evening, her boyfriend got very drunk. As he laid on the sofa eating fries, he told Gretchen he loved her. Gretchen reciprocated the following morning.
There is a new Froyo store open in town. We are going to visit it tomorrow. They are having a grand opening then. They have a lot of discounts. It will be a fun day.
Kevin's first high school girlfriend had just broken his heart. He sobbed about his misery to his childhood friend Amy. Amy listened sympathetically and offered advice. As she consoled him, their romantic feelings for each other grew. And when Kevin had recovered, Amy asked him out on a date herself!
Eddie was having trouble in his math class. His friend Joe did well in the same class. Joe offered to tutor Eddie. They studied together for a week before the next test. Eddie made an A on his next exam.
It was Marsha's birthday. On her way home from work, she decided to buy a cake. Marsha chose a delicious looking chocolate cake. She ate a slice of the cake for dessert. She saved the rest of the cake to bring to work the next day.
Elena went outside to place chicken on the grill. She was making grilled chicken. When the chicken was cooked, she went inside the house. The grill flipped over from the wind. Elena found the chicken on the floor when she came back.
The annual family vacation was approaching. Dad made sure that the car was full of gas. Mom made sure that we were all packed up and ready. I took my brothers hand and walked to the car. I got in after him and we then waited for the adventure to come.
Mari was at the swimming pool. She couldn't swim, and they had forgotten their floaties. She decided to try to learn to swim. She worked really hard all morning. By the end of the day she could swim on her own.
Last week, I went to a Golden State Warriors basketball game. Steph Curry, my favorite player, scored 35 points. He played a phenomenal game. After the game, Steph Curry signed my jersey for me. I never washed that autographed jersey again.
Coby collects rocks. Every time he goes somewhere, he brings home a pebble or stone. He takes very careful care of his collection. He polishes the rocks once a week. By the time he's four, he'll have well over one hundred.
Kim wanted a brand new car. The car she specifically wanted was an escalade. Her boyfriend promised he would buy her one for her birthday. When she received it she was thrilled. She immediately went out and took it for a drive.
When I was a child I believed Santa Claus really came down my chimney. I was very happy on Christmas eve. My parents told me to be good and make sure i'm asleep. I tried so hard to sleep all washed in sweat. The next morning I was full of laughter and joy.
June and her toddler daughter were in the kitchen for breakfast. A large mouse strolled across the kitchen floor. June screamed and threw her spoon at the mouse. She took her daughter and ran from the house. She did not return until exterminators took care of the mouse.
When Nellie was home with the kids, her mom would often drop by. When Nellie was thirty, her mother died after a short illness. One day, hanging laundry, Nellie looked up at her kitchen window. She saw her mom smiling, as she'd done a hundred times. She'd already turned around when she remembered her mother had died.
Andy loves to dance. All of his friends were dancing. Andy wanted to impress them. He did the splits. Andy is now in the hospital.
Adam always ordered Chinese food on Friday. His favorite restaurant Chao Pao was closed for some reason. He settled with a place call Mr Wong's instead. He was worried after he couldn't understand the person on the phone. Adam, the vegetarian, ended up with fried duck for dinner.
Tom was getting dressed for work one day. Tom noticed his socks had holes in them. Tom decided to buy new socks. Tom drove to the store. Tom bought new socks to replace his old socks.
Kermit was a twin who grew up without a father. He never seemed to understand how to treat others very well. Sometimes he stole possessions because other people made him feel bad. He was caught stealing alcohol in a far away town. His friends came and saved him when he thought no one would.
Kya went to the park to play baseball. She planned on having a good time. But when she got there, she saw that it was very windy. The wind made it hard to play baseball. Kya decided to go home and wait for a better day.
Carl tried out for the men's volleyball team. He wasn't very tall but wanted to spike the ball. He would try and try all day but kept getting blocked. His coach taught him how to be a back row hitter because of his size. He is now one of the best back row hitters on the team.
John worked 70 hour weeks and rarely saw his toddler. One morning, he woke up and felt too sick to go into the office. He lay on the couch and played with his daughter. She laughed all day long. John resolved to spend more time at home with his family.
Lucy got her nails professionally done. She loved the way they looked. However to her surprise she realized she chipped one. It ruined the entire nail. Lucy went back and had it re done.
I went to the first yard sale of the season. They had a few good finds there. I found a nice trinket for my office. My daughter found a few toys. It was a decent sale.
Nick loved to eat mashed potatoes. He decided to make some for his dinner. He bought everything he needed. When he boiled the potatoes, he forgot about them. He accidentally burnt the potatoes.
I had a big test the other day. The night before the test my friends went to go see a movie. I should've stayed and studied but I went with them instead. I got a terrible grade on my test. I should've stayed in and studied.
Celia noticed that the winter sky had turned very gray. Celia looked at the weather application on her phone. She saw that a huge snowstorm was moving into her area in a few hours. Celia went to the store to buy bread, batteries and adult beverages. Celia was snowed in but comfortable for the next three days.
Pam asked Drew if she can hang out with him. When drew said yes, she invited him to her house. When drew looked inside, he saw luxurious items on the table. A butler appeared and asked if they wanted anything. Pam told him no and took Drew to her 2 acre backyard.
Martha liked to spend a lot of time at the lake. She was careless about using sunscreen when she was at the lake. Over the years Martha suffered several severe sunburns. Martha ended up getting skin cancer because of her time at the lake. Martha now avoids the sun by staying indoors.
Austin was excited for his gym class. He loved playing sports as he is very athletic. Today in class they were learning about how to play volleyball. A boy threw the ball, it hit Austin directing in the face. Austin's glasses got broke as the class was playing too rough.
Yan had a chimney that needed cleaning. He hired a chimney sweep. The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly. He fell and got stuck in the chimney. Yan accidentally turned on the fireplace and the chimney sweep died.
Bill was a college student. Bill desired to get straight A's. Bill enlisted the help of his smart friends. Bill organized a study group. Everyone in the study group got straight A's.
Angela loved diving. Angela decided she wanted to teach diving for a living. Angela took diving instructor classes. Angela received all her instructor certifications. Angela found a job teaching diving in Cozumel.
Mark loves to do puzzles He dedicates a lot of time to his hobby. He purchased a puzzle from a new company on Amazon. When the puzzle arrived, it was the best quality he had ever seen. He is so excited to do his new puzzle.
Susie was over her grandparents house. All of the sudden she heard a loud bang. She also heard her grandmother scream so she went to see. Her grandmother had fallen on the tile. Frantic, Susie called 911 immediately.
Manny loved a band that was coming into town last weekend. He saved up for weeks to buy tickets well in advance. He got great seats and went with some friends. The show was great and he had a really good time. He hopes they come back soon so that he could see them again.
Lisa and James decided to go see a movie. James picked her up at 6 pm. The got popcorn and soda. They picked the seats in the back. They kissed so much they missed most of the movie!
I walked down the pharmacy aisle trying to find the right itch cream. The lady at the counter asked if I needed help but I declined. I was embarrassed to I just picked a cream at random. The cashier rang me up and stared deeply into my eyes. I ran out of there and wondered why everyone was looking at me.
Susie got a new watch for her birthday. But she did not like it. She thought it was ugly. Unlucky for her she couldn't return it. So she had to stash it in her closet.
Susie was still hungry. So she decided to get herself a dessert. She ordered a large sundae. When she got it it was huge. She couldn't believe.
Tom was staying in a hotel. He decided to get a few snacks. Tom didn't realize how overpriced everything was. The next day Tom was hit with a big bill. He almost refused to pay it.
Akia wanted a glass of fresh passion fruit juice. Luckily, she lived in Hawaii. Akia decided to go forage for passion fruit. She went home and juiced the passion fruit. Akia now had a glass of fresh passion fruit juice.
Gregory had always wanted to have a lot of money. In fact, he wanted to be a millionaire. So, he studied very hard in school. Then, Gregory became the smartest kid in his school. Finally, Gregory got a high paying job and got a lot of money.
Jamal is wrapping up his police officer training. He's very excited to start the final stage in firearms. Jamal is confident in his ability to pass. Jamal aces the exam. Jamal becomes a police officer.
Antonio drove to the gas station to get gas. When he got back home he couldn't find his wallet. He took everything out of the car looking for the wallet. He drove back to the gas station to see if he left it there. He found his wallet lying on the ground near the pump.
Lisa got some new polish. It was for her nails. She always liked painting her nails. She thought it looked good. But the smell was too overpowering.
Erica was tired of having to shave. She wanted something more permanent. She went and got laser treatment. It was painful. She was in tears and never wanted it again.
Joe was outside working one day. He heard something making a loud buzz. When he went to move a rose bush, a large wasp attacked him. Joe screamed as he went running into the house. He decided he would take a break from the roses.
Tim was out in the woods. He got lost after a while. He only had enough signal to call 911. They sent out someone to help him. Tim was able to make it back safely.
Erica always wanted to go bungee jumping. So we went to a local place that had it. We had to sign all these waivers and paperwork. And then I verified that she still wanted to go. She said yes and we did the jump, it was the craziest thing I've done.
Rocco had a neighbor who was very loud. Rocco bought some headphones to drown out the noise. His neighbor just turned the music louder. Rocco knocked loudly on the door of his neighbors home. No one answered, and Rocco struggled to sleep that night.
Andy loves to grow his muscles by weight lifting. He knows muscles grow most when he lifts "heavy." That means that he uses enough weight to exhaust under 8 repetitions. Two months ago, he tore his rotator cuff on the right side. He no longer lifts heavy on the bench press.
When I was a child I had gotten a bike as a gift. I took my new bike for a ride down a huge hill in our yard. While going to down the hill I wrecked, and broke my leg. My parents took me too the hospital to get a cast put on. Afterwards all my friends got to sign my cast, which was so cool!
Desmond loved to play basketball. He wanted to be the very best at the game. He worked day and night to be just like his idol. The school was holding try outs to make the team. Desmond took the coach's breath away and is now a star for the team.
Fred got way too drunk at a party. He started getting aggressive. He tried to fight some people. The parties host was mad about his behavior. The host kicked him out.
Kelley has to go out and make a speech. Unfortunately her microphone was broken. She was totally humiliated. She ended up having to wait ten minutes for a new microphone. It was embarrassing for her.
Dean loved nachos as a kid. He told himself that when he grew up he would eat nachos everyday. Dean got his first job and bought nachos everyday for lunch. After a month he got tired of eating nachos. The thought of nachos make him sick to his stomach.
Caleb and Joey were playing baseball in a field. Joey pitched the ball hard. Caleb swung and hit the ball way over Joey's head. The two boys looked, but couldn't find the ball. The boys went back home having nothing else to do.
Megan had a crush on a boy. She was very nervous around him. She asked him to the dance. He said yes. She was very excited.
Kate had piano lessons since she was young. By the time she was in high-school she was really good. Kate used it on college applications. She auditioned to get a scholarship to a good school. Kate never stopped playing the piano.
Jerry is a skinny kid. Jerry begins to work out. Jerry is seeing results. Jerry starts drinking protein shakes. In two months Jerry has the body he always wanted.
On one of our visits to the building, I started looking at the rocks. I found one in the shape of a heart. It even sparkled, which was fascinating. My parents said it was created by man, but somehow ended up there. I kept it on my dresser until I was grown.
Jim was running for a political office. He was a bully and a jerk, but people still regularly voted for him. He was a member of their political party, so they supported him. Jim made some rather stupid decisions that election year. People could not deal with these decisions and voted him out.
Thomas had never tried ping pong before. He went over his friend Billy's house and played for the first time. Thomas was shocked by how much finesse is needed. They both practiced for several hours. By the end of the day, Thomas had a grasp on some techniques.
Dan was a computer nerd. He loved the intricacies that computer programming offered. He started with a clean document and started to code his next project. He was excited to have completed the home page of his new website. He sat back and thought of all the other pages he had yet to add.
Jeff and Brian once did a test of who could tolerate pain better. They filled a bucket with ice water. Then they compared who could hold their hand in it the longest. Brian ended up holding his hand in the bucket for longer. He's been making fun of Jeff about this ever since.
Annie was putting blond highlights in her hair for prom. She had never done it before but it seemed pretty easy. She fell asleep while she was waiting for it to work. When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster. She had white streaks all through her hair, not blonde.
It was a day like any other, except it wasn't. John was getting a pizza, double pepperoni. He was informed it would be thirty minutes. The pizza man had seen his face before. He noticed he wasn't wearing any pants.
It was a hot and sunny Saturday morning at the beach. There was only said to be a 10 percent chance of rainy. Storm clouds seemed to float in from out of nowhere. At the first sound of thunder the swimmers got out of the water. Everyone had to run to their cars to wait for the storm to pass.
Sid was tired after working in the yard all day. He had a party to attend later that night. He decided to take a nap. When he woke up he was still exhausted. He decided to stay home and watch a movie instead.
Jimmy was overweight. Jimmy did not like being overweight. He started to work out. Jimmy also started eating better. After a few months Jimmy was in great shape.
After finishing a discipleship school in South Africa, I stayed longer. I didn't know where to go so one of my friends helped me. Eventually I stayed with a Scottish woman for a month. We got to know each other and spent time together. Now I will visit her again this coming fall!
Maria was watching a movie. She couldn't see because her glasses were blurry. She tried wiping them on her shirt but it didn't help. Finally, she got up and got cleaning supplies. She cleaned her glasses and then could see perfectly.
Kathy needed a new hobby. She started making wood tables for her porch. After a couple of weeks her porch was full of tables. Her friend Jane came to visit and loved the tables. Jane bought all the extra tables for her family.
Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii. There, he saw the ancient ruins. He learned about the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. He was saddened but filled with awe. All in all, he was very glad he had visited Pompeii.
Janice was playing video games when the phone rang. The caller explained that they were confirming her mom's appointment. Janice didn't write down the information. Her mom forgot, causing her to miss her doctor's appointment. Janice promised her that she would write it down from now on.
Jeff hates to run for exercise. He decided to run around the lake near his house. Jeff loved the view but couldn't run around the entire lake. He returned home only after 10 minutes. Jeff promised himself that he will someday run around the entire lake.
A man watched the sky to look for rare birds. A shiny object caught his eye from up above. He thought it was a bomb but he was not sure. He ran away to be safe. When the bomb hit he was killed instantly.
Tiffany was proposed to by her boyfriend. She got a very nice ring and was happy. She began to show it to all her friends after she got it. Later she got it checked and the diamond was fake. Tiffany called her boyfriend and broke up with him.
Sandy's home was damaged by the snowstorm. Sandy was sad that her door was damaged. However, Sandy purchased a new door for her home. Sandy installed the new door for her home. Sandy was glad to have the damaged door replaced.
Mike had never been able to swim very well. As a child, he had been traumatized by almost drowning in a lake. Since then, he's avoided the water. He finally asked his wife to teach him how to swim in their pool. Unfortunately, he almost drowned.
George found a baby squirrel while out on a walk in his neighborhood. It did not appear to have a mother nearby at all. George decided to take the baby squirrel home and take care of it. He named the squirrel Rocky and raised it to be his pet. Rocky was George's faithful friend for many years after that.
Rod worked in a watch shop. His current project had him repairing an old mechanical watch. He sat there for hours, working on the timing gear for the watch. After days of patient work, he had fixed the old watch. Rod proudly handed the watch back to the customer the next day.
Timmy wanted to learn to make his neighbor pasta salad recipe. The neighbor held the recipe secret. Timmy offered to cut the neighbors grass for a month. The neighbor told him the recipe. Now, Tim can make the pasta salad.
Shery was invited to her cousin's wedding. She rearranged her work schedule so she could attend the wedding. She ran into her cousin at the mall the day before the wedding. Her cousin was upset that Shery hadn't come to the wedding. Shery had written down the wrong date, she felt awful.
The woman went into contractions. The husband tried to calm her down. The woman couldn't calm down. She blamed the man for her situation. The man apologized repeatedly.
Suzy wanted to get a tattoo. She wanted one for years. Finally she has the guts to get one. When she got it they messed up. She was so disappointed.
I went to the beach yesterday. I laid in a hammock. It was very relaxing. I fell asleep. I never wanted to go.
Marissa waited patiently in bed for her mom to show up. It was time for Marissa's bedtime story. Her favorite was the story of Cinderella. She would cheer when the prince put the shoe on the heroine's foot. That night she dreamed of being a princess in a fairy tale.
Susan's school had a ladies choice dance last week. She had asked her dad to go with her. She had not seen him in a few months. It was very awkward for her to ask him. She was so happy when he said yes.
Jane's car was making strange noises again. She went to the mechanic to have it checked out. Jane's mechanic took a listen to the noises for a long time. He told Jane that she needed to have her belts replaced. Jane left the car in his hands and took a taxi home.
Little Jimmy loved to play soccer. One day, he kicked his ball over the fence. A neighbor's dog tore the ball apart. Jimmy was devastated! Jimmy's neighbor bought him a new ball.
Jane was invited to her friend's birthday party. But she had lots of math homework due the next day. Jane did not want to miss out on the party though. So she decided to go. Jane rushed through her homework on the school bus the next morning.
Ralph took his dog to the vet. The vet told Ralph that his dog had gum disease. The vet cleaned the dog's teeth and gums while Ralph waited. Ralph was glad that the vet could take care of his dog. Ralph decided to take his dog to the vet regularly.
Jake was driving around his neighborhood. He noticed his neighbors were having a garage sale. He stopped by to look at some items. He purchased a vintage cast iron skillet. Afterwards, Jake cooked some bacon in his new skillet.
Jerry grabbed his surfboard and swam into the ocean. He saw a great looking wave and swam over to surf it. Just as he prepared to climb his board, he saw a giant shark. Jerry quickly climbed his board and tried to escape the shark. Then last minute, Jerry realized the shark was just a dolphin.
The two boys met in the parking lot to have a fist fight. They started shoving each other. They shouted insults, too. Neither one of them could get the nerve to throw a punch. So, they both just ran home.
Chrissy was roller skating with friends for fun. They were all laughing and playing games. Chrissy wasn't paying attention and slipped. She crashed to the ground, busting her lip open. Luckily her friends were happy to stop skating to help her.
Tim got a pet snake. It was pretty cool at first. After a while Tim realized it was a lot of trouble. He couldn't take care of it that well. Tim decided to give it away.
He emptied the tobacco into the thin white paper. Some of the crushed tobacco spilled on the floor. He looked down, contemplating whether to pick up the small pieces. Deciding against that idea, he finished rolling the tobacco cigarette. Finally, he fished a lighter out of his pocket and lit the cigarette.
The family drove up the mountain. Everybody's ears started popping. One of the kids thought it hurt. The mom told them chewing gum would help. They all chewed a piece of gum.
Tim was going to pick up his girlfriend. He forgot her address. He was too shy to call and ask. Tim kept driving around until someone called the cops. He explained the situation and called his girlfriend.
Bill was a typical out of shape guy. Bill went to the movies and saw Creed, a boxing movie. Bill decided he needed to get in better shape, like the boxer. Bill worked out and watched his diet for a whole year. Now Bill is in great shape!
Andrew joined the cross-country team at his school. He was overweight, and was not physically fit at all when he started. As time progressed, he continued to run and lost a lot of weight. He ended up placing first in one of his last races. Andrew is very happy that he decided to join the cross-country team.
Spud the beautiful was a tiny man. Everywhere he walked, people wished to touch his finely groomed beard. But what hey coveted most of all was his bald head. He knew the dangers of being public. Unfortunately one day, he was kidnapped and shaved.
Pat always wanted to express herself by painting. One day she saw some painting classes advertised. Pat took painting classes for several years. She loved getting lost in the creative process. Now she paints pictures to share with the people she loves.
My new upstairs neighbors were being very noisy. They would make loud noises at all hours of the day and night. I finally worked up the courage to ask them what was going on. It turns out that my neighbors are tap dancers. They agreed to only practice during the day from now on.
Katie and John were playing a board game. They had made it more than halfway through the game. Then, Katie needed a specific card for her turn. She realized that she couldn't find it. Instead, they used a card from a different game.
Tracy went to the beach with her friends. She was afraid to go into the water. Tracy stayed on the shore. She laid down on a blanket. Tracy tanned while her friends were in the water.
Sonia wanted to make coffee for her mother but didn't know how. She put all the beans in the coffee machine. She added some water. She waited for the coffee to brew. She was aghast, when at the end, watery beans came out in the cup.
Andrew had his friends over for drinks. After drinking a few beers they were all hungry. So Andrew decided he would order some pizza. He got on his phone and ordered some pizza. The pizza arrived and all his friends eat the pizza.
James was dancing with his friends. He asked his friends to check out what he was going to do. He then tried to do a backflip. James landed on his face, and embarrassed himself. He vowed to never try that again at his children's school dance.
The trial going on needed an expert witness. The expert witness was expensive. The expert witness was 10k but we'll worth it. The expert was able to help win the case. Everyone was happy with the work the expert did
Phil was driving across country to visit his son. Phil's car broke down in the middle of a deserted road. He wasn't able to fix the car. Eventually someone came by and gave him a lift to a mechanic. Phil got his car fixed, and went and saw his son.
Marc made chicken for dinner. He carefully planned it out. However, the chicken took longer to cook than expected. Everyone had to wait a long time for dinner. However, it was delicious, so they didn't mind.
Jack was good at dancing. He set up some cardboard on a street corner. He started to break dance. A crowd gathered around and began cheering. Jack felt great dancing.
Andrew was going with his friends to play paintball. He was excited cause he got a new paintball gun. His friends finally picked him up. Andrew was ready to play. Andrew barely started and was shot already.
It was early December and Timmy had been acting questionably. His mother took him to see Santa, but he had no great hopes. When Santa asked Timmy if he had been good he simply said no. Santa told Timmy that all bad boys get lumps of coal. Timmy went straight to his mother and apologized for his actions.
Kim let her daughter, Lisa, make breakfast for her. Lisa made chocolate oatmeal. But she was afraid her mom might not like it. So she puts three teaspoons of sugar in it. But the oatmeal was so sweet that Kim couldn't finish it.
One day Penelope found a short story left on her desk in Math class. The next day, there was another story. Every day for two weeks she found a story on her desk. She enjoyed the stories and wondered who wrote them. She was surprised to find that her best friend, John, was the writer.
Bob lived in his house for thirty years. His fence was deteriorating and broken in many places. He decided to get a new fence. He hired a team of workers to make a metal fence. The project went great and Bob finally had a new fence!
Andre was invited to the park after school by the girl he likes. Andre was excited and was counting the hours till school was over. Finally school was over and her met her in the front. They went to the park. Well at the park they talked and looked at clouds.
A man drove his car on an open road. He saw something fall from the sky. He drove his car in that direction. After 3 miles he arrived at the thing. He stopped his car and looked at it before driving off.
Samia fell in love her coworker. They began serious relationship and were very happy with each other. One day Samia got a call from a woman she didn't know. The mystery woman was the mother of her boyfriend's five kids. Samia was devastated because he told her that he had no children.
Bob finally got a hold of the real estate agent for the house. He was curious to know why it was a hundred thousand less this year. The agent told him about some minor cosmetic flaws. Bob figured none of them were a big deal. It was then the agent mentioned the lead pipes and paint.
It was Rebecca's birthday. It was her fourth. Her parents were getting her a surprise. They took her into the garage. It was a brand new bicycle.
Kerry sold men's watches at a high-end jewelry store in New York. Kerry like his job, but he had to move to Texas with his parents. He got a new job at another jewelry store. Kerry had trouble selling expensive watches in Texas. He quit his job at the jewelry store, and got a job selling cars.
Erica wanted to be a teacher for as long as she could remember. When she got to college, she knew she wanted to pursue teaching. She majored in education and learned a lot about how to teach. She worked as a student teacher to get lots of practice. When she graduated, she found a great job at a school in her town.
Sam sat at home using his personal computer. His computer played a sound that indicated a new email. Sam opened up the email to see it was from his boss. Sam couldn't stand getting work emails at home anymore. Sam balled up his fist and sent it through his computer screen.
Jack loves to ride his bike everywhere. One day, he decided to go down a really steep hill. He crashed halfway down and rolled to the bottom. An ambulance took him to the emergency room. Jack had a broken arm and a great story for his friends.
Pat went out for a jog on a sunny day. He went through a large field of grass. Up ahead of Pat was a fence in the field. Pat sped up and tried to jump over it. His foot caught the top of the fence and Pat fell on his face.
The hotel clerk told us our room had been given to someone else. We got on our phones and tried to find another place to stay. My wife went to the lobby and sad down. She put her phone down. Then she went to sleep right there.
Hector found a mouse in his cupboard. He screamed and hopped on the floor. He scared the mouse and it skedaddled in a hole. But Hector knew what to do. He called the exterminator right away to get rid of it.
Mike is leaving work. He gets on the elevator to go to ground level. While on the elevator it stops. Mike panics to get out. Help comes soon and the elevator is fixed.
Kevin was out shopping when he got hungry. He looked around but didn't see any food stalls. He walked around attempting to find one. He finally found a stall selling hot dogs and bought one. He ate it and then felt better.
The power went out and there were no candles in the house. Cindy remembered her smart phone had a flashlight app. When she started the app, the phone lit the whole room. She was able to see enough to find out there were indeed candles. She didn't have any matches, and then her cell phone ran out of power.
Christopher exercised his calf muscles. He didn't know when to stop. His calves just grew larger and larger. He neglected to work his upper body though. People laughed at his large legs but scrawny upper body.
Erica and Sean decided to drive to Mexico from San Francisco. The trip would take six hours. Erica and Sean forgot to check the oil in the car. The car broke down in Los Angeles. Now the trip is cancelled and Erica and Sean had to go back home.
Jeff was studying in a library. He began to make a call on his cell phone. A man next to Jeff began to glare at him. Jeff ended his phone call. He apologized to the man for making noise.
Jack needed clothes for school. His mom decided to take him shopping. They went to many different place. Jack got four outfits for school. He was glad his mom took him shopping.
Today is Sunday and I have the day off from work. I slept late and enjoyed every minute of it. My daughter and I like to go out for breakfast when I'm off work. She always wants to go to McDonalds when we go out. Today McDonald's sounds good to me so that's where we are headed.
Ken was a big computer gamer. He was awaiting a coming game. Ken had pre ordered it months in advance. When he finally got it he couldn't play it. His computer wasn't powerful enough.
Melissa had a piano recital last weekend. She practiced and practiced for weeks. She was very nervous about the recital. Her performance was flawless. She was relieved when it was finished.
Ella had heard nothing but bad things about plastic surgery. But all her life, she'd hated her big, wide Jewish nose. So at age 22, she finally decided to get it fixed. After she recovered, she was so pleased with her new reflection! Ella saw that for some people, plastic surgery was a Godsend!
Milton loved his new found hobby of turking, he made a lot of money. He recently discovered that you can be a master at turking. With this qualification he would have access to the best paying jobs. He woke up every day early in the morning doing as much as he could. After years of turking he gave up never receiving his masters.
Emil was traveling in India and became thirsty. There was no clean water nearby. Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty. Then, Emil remembered that he carried purification tablets in his bag. Emil used the tablets so that he could drink clean water.
We took our ten year old niece to NYC in 1983. We took the train down. We walked around Manhattan. We took her to dinner in Little Italy. Our niece enjoyed herself immensely.
Ed and his friend challenged each other to a bike race. They rode their bikes to the park. Then they set off for the other end of the park. Ed pedaled fast, but his friend was faster. Ed's friend won the challenge!
My area had high winds a few days ago. A lot of tree branches were blown down. A large one landed in my muddy yard. It stuck straight up in the mud. It looked just like a little tree itself.
A pirate ship on the Spanish Main captured a fat merchantman. Alas, the merchantman had a cargo of nothing but paper. A whole lot of paper. The pirates had no idea what to do with it or who to sell it to. They wound up just making a lot of paper hats.
I have been working at my new job for a few weeks now. I am starting to really get comfortable there. I love the work that I am doing. I feel I really make a difference. I know this was a good career choice for me.
Sally asked her little brother to put sunscreen on her back. She thought he did a good job because he took his time. Later that day someone laughed when she walked by. Her brother designs on her back with the suntan lotion. She had little smiley faces all over her back!
I decided to make potato soup. I didn't bother cleaning the potato correctly. Little did I know that the potato was old. I drank the soup and ingested ricin from the potato. I was sent to the emergency room but I lived to tell the tale.
I wanted to eat at a Japanese restaurant at the mall. But it was kind of pricey. I spent hours deciding if I should eat there. But then I heard a phone call. It was my dad telling me that I had to go home.
James was thirsty. He decided to have some lemonade. He checked his fridge for some lemonade. His fridge was out of lemonade. Jack settled for plain water.
Joe needed some extra cash. He decided to work as a dog walker. But after a few nights spent walking the dogs, he changed his mind. The dogs were hard to walk. Joe decided to find a different job.
Dan had finally gotten the SUV he wanted. His friends had made fun of his minivan for years. He got the most flack from his friend Rob. 2 months later Rob arrived to work in a minivan. Dan laughed so hard he spilled coffee on his shirt.
The powerful storm clouds gathered over the castle. They churned and rolled as they blacked out the moon. It began to rainy steadily and thunder crashed through the heavens. A bolt of lightning struck the castle wall. The ancient structure began to crumble in places.
Gina's brother had an LL Cool J tape. He kept it hidden. But Gina knew where to find it. She would go into his room when he wasn't home to listen. She always put it back so he didn't know she had been there.
The kids had just learned how to play chess. They were playing each other at the dining room table. The game went on for two hours. The younger sibling finally won. He was so proud!
Ava was sewing a new project. She was making curtains for her bedroom. She finished them and hung them on the rod. They made the room bright and cheery. Ava loved her new look!
Mooch was stray before he came to live with us. Don't think he had ever been in a house. We would call him but he acted scared to cross the threshold. So one night we made a trail of steak bites the the doorway. Mooch followed the bites, crossed the doorway and moved in.
Tom had a really dirty couch. His girlfriend hated it. She wanted him to get a new one. One day she ripped it on purpose. Tom finally decided to get a new one because of it.
Laura was cooking for her kids. She was making grilled cheese. She carefully melted the butter and then put the sandwiches in the pan. The sandwiches got melty and delicious. Laura was glad to see the kids chow down.
Anna invited her school friends over for coffee. She thought it'd be a boring afternoon of catch-up. But she ended up surprised. She had a great time with the girls! They all vowed to get together more often.
Cooper envied his friend's new shoes. He asked his mom for new shoes as well. She told him no because they were too poor. Cooper went next door to the old woman's house. He took some cash from her purse when she wasn't looking.
The family moved to Arizona. They planted a huge palm tree in their yard. They couldn't wait for it to grow big and tall. They had never lived in the desert before. THe palm tree was something very exciting for them!
Kevin took his dog on the beach in the morning. He swam in the sea. Suddenly he got a cramp to his muscle. He could not swim. His dog saved his life and took him to the beach.
Eric liked making chili. He made a large batch of chili on Monday. At the end of the day he had already eaten 4 bowls. He didn't feel well on Tuesday morning. Eric doesn't like chili anymore.
Zoe loved funky shoes. She found some cool wedges. She put them on and looked in the mirror. She decided to buy them. She loved them so much, she wore them out of the store.
She was so depressed that she couldn't please her parents. She weighed her options. They always said it was a waste of money to send her to college. She dropped out the next day. She didn't return for 4 years.
Junior is the name of our 20+ year old turtle. We bought Junior for our son when he was four years old. The clerk said Junior could be alive when our son was in college. Our son graduated from college in 2011. Junior is still going strong.
Drembo Tembo  was a columnist at a newspaper. He'd won several awards for his stories. One day a man came to his office, claiming he was a fraud. The man had proof that Tembo was a plagiarist, and showed it off. Now Tembo works at McDonald's.
Anna woke up with a fever. She called her Drs office and made an appointment. When Anna got to the Dr she signed in and sat in the waiting room. The Dr told her she had the flu. He told her to get plenty of rest and she would be better soon.
Last week i had to take a math test at school. I was scared to fail, because i am not good at math. I had a difficult time answering all the questions. I was almost sure that i had failed the test. When i got the test back, i was surprised that i had passed it.
Rob bullied Jim every day at school. Sometimes, Rob would steal Jim's lunch money. Jim decided to bring his lunch so that Rob wouldn't steal it. Jim brought a peanut butter sandwich, but Rob stole the sandwich. Rob took a bite and died because he was allergic to peanuts.
My daughter and her fiance visited us for Easter. We went to mass in the neighborhood. During mass my son realized he left the oven on. He drove home to turn the oven off. He missed most of the mass.
Larry had quit the baseball team. His bat was brand new. Larry decided to sell his bat. He sold his bat to a friend still on the team. Larry used his money to buy a video game.
Gina was waiting for the principal. She looked at the clock. It said it was 1:05 PM. But Gina had no idea when she arrived. She realized she had no way of knowing how long she had been there.
Angel and her boyfriend were dating for over three years. Angel and her boyfriend were both of legal consenting age. Angel and her boyfriend decided to take things further by having sex. Angel and her boyfriend bought all the necessary protection needed. Angela and her boyfriend had consensual, protected sex all night long.
We spent the night at a hotel last night. We were offered a free night in a promotion the hotel was having. I brought the kids with me. They had a big swimming pool. It was a nice little getaway.
Susie wanted to go to beauty school. But she really wanted to practice on her friend Stacy first. Stacy reluctantly agreed to do it. When Susie was done however she looked terrible. Stacy was wearing far too much dark makeup.
Brad loved to run with Tim. The went running every Sunday. However, Brad could never keep up. Brad practiced hard during the week. Soon, he was running as fast as Tim.
It was raining hard one day. Sam was running fast to get home. But the sidewalk was slick. He slipped and slammed his arm into the ground. His arm had to be in a sling for 3 weeks.
Jenna went to the swimming pool. She got into her bathing suit. She made sure to put on her sunscreen. Jenna tested the water with her toy before getting in. Jenna dived off the diving board all day long.
Patrick was driving a taxi for some extra cash. He was carrying some drunk guy late one night. Suddenly the guy pulled out a knife and threatened Patrick. Patrick gave him his money and tried not to cause a real fight. Luckily, the man got out and ran off, leaving Patrick safe.
Justin built a big snow fort last week. The fort was over four feet tall. Justin would use it to hide in during snowball fights. The sun came out and the weather warmed up. The snow fort melted and is just a pile of snow now.
Esther went to the beach. The beach was full of seaweed. She didn't want to swim in a beach full of seaweed. She left the beach. Esther returned to the beach a few days later.
We rode up to the hotel we were staying at. It was said to be haunted. A doctor had killed many patients there. We felt ill at ease, but stayed anyway. We were happy we didn't see any ghosts during our stay.
I got sick of doing the dishes last week. We were going through all of them every few days. When I went to the store, I looked for an alternative. I purchased a huge package of paper plates. Now I don't have to do dishes.
Nicole studied for her Spanish exam on Friday as hard as she could. Nicole stayed up late the night before to study. When she awoke on Friday, it was 5 minutes past her exam time. She rushed as quick as possible to her classroom to find it empty. The professor had moved the exam earlier that morning!
When I was little I visited my dad's hometown in mexico. One of my favorite things to do was visit the lagoon. The lagoon had a play area with swings and obstacles. I ran under the swings and got hit in the face. I bled a lot, had to get stitches and got my first scar.
Nancy was trying to cut down on her sugar. She decided on an easy way to do it. She would just replace her soda with water! It turned out to be a lot harder than she had expected. But eventually Nancy succeeded with her plan!
Tina was moving to Peru for her company. Once she arrived, she saw people eating guinea pigs. Tina decided to try some herself, and liked the taste. The next morning, Tina awoke feeling awful. It turns out that Tina had contracted a virus and had to return to US.
Ali was enrolled in a karate class. She didn't like the class, but she wanted to learn to defend herself. Ali considered dropping out. She was told the instructor was proud of her dedication. Ali decided to continue to work hard out of respect for the instructor
Dan felt bad about something he said about Angie, a co-worker. Dan kept trying to apologize to Angie but could never get her alone. Dan decided to send Angie a note by mail. In the note Dan expressed genuine regret and sorrow for what he said. The next day Angie tearfully spoke with Dan, forgiving him.
Today I got a ride in a helicopter. We got to fly and look at rock formations. It was very exciting and informational. I decided that I would really like to study geology. I am going to enroll in my local college for geology classes.
Vanessa works out best with a partner. It helps keep her motivated. Her friend Travis promised he'd be her partner. Now they meet up at the gym every day. Vanessa and Travis keep each other motivated.
Sandra's best friend was her horse Charlie. One day, Charlie seemed like he wasn't feeling well. Sandra took Charlie to the veterinarian. Charlie was diagnosed with an infection. Sandra used medicine given to her by the doctor to help Charlie.
Ben spent hours putting up Christmas lights. Ben turned them on and the house looked great. One night, Ben could not turn on the lights. Ben realized one the circuit breakers tripped. After resetting the breaker, the lights came back on.
Vince hates website password restrictions. He used to use the same password for everything. But one site put a maximum character limit that was longer than that. Now he uses software to manage all of his passwords. He still hates the restrictions, though.
Jenn's friend got a new dog. Jenn was very excited for her. She wanted to help her celebrate her new pet. Jenn bought several dog toys as a gift. Jenn met her friend's new dog and gave it the toys.
Angie loved being organized. She had a planner that was meticulously arranged. She kept track of her to-do lists and her calendar. One day, Angie lost the planner! She felt lost and didn't know what to do with her day.
Ashley M worked at an animal shelter. She loved all the cats and dogs there. One day, she got her other friend Katie to come to the shelter. Katie loved dogs and cats too and fit in great at the shelter. Katie took a dog home with her because she loved it so much!
Jane met a new friend in her economics class. She arranged to go to a party with the friend that weekend. Her friends told her his phone number before they left. When she got home, Jane could no longer remember the number. Jane wished that she had a better memory for such details.
Chris was always cold. He got a furry, fuzzy blanket and put it on top of him. He was finally warming up. Just when he got comfortable, his sister opened the front door. She let in a huge gust of very cold air!
Bonnie hated trying on clothes. She picked up a pair of size 12 jeans from the display. When she tried them on they were too big! She was excited thinking she must have lost weight. Then she realized they actually size 14s, and 12s.
Allie went with her parents to the beach. They parked the car and were ready to walk. As soon as she got on the sand, she screamed. Allie thought it was too hot. When she looked at her feet they were burned red.
Julie was a slender woman with a big appetite. She loved hot dogs. One day she entered a hot dog eating contest. No one thought she would win. Julie ate 100 hot dogs and won the contest!
When grandma comes to visit everyone is excited. But excitement turns to concern when she arrives. She is having a hard time remembering simple things. She reveals that she has been diagnosed with early onset alzheimer's. The family convinces her to sell her home and live with them.
Mike was a 28 year old man who wore diapers. Mike only wore diapers because he was to lazy to use the restroom. One day Mike was shopping at the mall when he smelled something bad. Mike soon realized he had soiled his adult size diaper. Mike immediately went home and changed his soiled diaper.
My kids came home hungry after school. They looked in the pantry but saw nothing they wanted. They checked the refrigerator with no luck. They examined every cookie jar to no avail. They decided they weren't hungry and went outside to play.
Sue wanted new shoes. Her parents could not afford to buy any. Sue decided to buy them herself. She babysat all she could to save up. Sue finally had enough to buy new shoes and was proud of what she did.
I felt addicted to the website. I logged in every day to see what was new. I would repin everything in sight. I couldn't seem to get away from the site. Eventually I made myself go cold turkey and never logged back in.
Tricia loves to bake. She has always told her mom  she wants to be a baker. However, her mom makes her go to med school. On her Junior year Tricia dropped out. She became a baker, and her mom wasn't upset with her.
Chuck sat at the bank of the river fishing. He saw a duck swim nearby. He tossed a piece of his sandwich bread to the duck. A minnow came up to nip at the bread, but was eaten by the duck. Chucked sighed that his new fishing buddy was catching more than him.
I live on a bay. One day I went swimming. I saw a dark shadow in the water. It was a few feet long. I hope it was not an alligator.
Tim was at his first college party. People were playing beer pong. They asked him to play. Tim was surprisingly good. He won often and got props.
Martin mostly traveled during the night. It had been a long time since he had seen the sun rise. One night, he decided to stay up so he could witness it. He was very tired, so it was difficult for him to stay awake. After seeing the sun rise in the morning, he felt accomplished.
My friend asked me to run a marathon with him. We signed up on the local website. We spent the next two months training vigorously. Finally, marathon day was upon us. My friend and I finished in 100th & 101st places out of 3,000 people!
Ky had always felt different from other boys. At age fourteen he realized he was gay. He was afraid, but he steeled himself and told his family. Then he came out to his close friends, too. To his relief, everyone supported Ky!
Lynn met a boy she liked one day at the store. They agreed to go out for dinner. She became very nervous the day before her date. The day of her date came and things went well for the most part. Lynn found out her date still lived with his parents and she cried.
Ellie loved to look at the stars at night. On a clear night, she would bring her telescope on a high hill. She could all the astrological signs and point out a few planets. On this night, she peered through her telescope and saw a flash. It was a shooting star.
Ben was a little shy after Diana said hi to him. He tried to look cool by laying his shoulder on the wall. He accidentally pressed the fire-alarm. All of the students in the school were escorted outside. Ben felt bad since everyone knew about his accident.
Miley is a basketball player. She is asked to shoot the game winning shot. The shot is no good. Miley puts her head down and walks off the court defeated. She lost the game for her team.
My 99 year old friend Joe was on the bench today. My son and his friend delivered a rug to our apartment. Joe has met my son several times. Today he did not recognize him at all. I fear Joe's dementia is progressing.
Lisa forgot to read her textbook for History class one day. That very day, the history teacher asked who had read their reading. Lisa was not the only one who had not done the assignment. Half of the kids admitted to not doing the work. Every one of those kids was kicked out of class that day.
It was the end of the semester, and Jake needed to study for finals. He studied for a few minutes, but decided he knew all the information. The day before the tests, Jake was talking with his friends. They knew so much more than he did from the semester! Jake spent that night studying so he was ready for his test.
Marge wanted her husband to cut back on caffeine. She secretly switched him to decaffeinated coffee. Marge's husband started drinking more and more coffee. Then, he went out of town on a business trip. Drinking pots of regular coffee, he found himself too wired to sleep.
My Aunt brought her dog over to my house today. His name is Max and he is very timid. By the time she was ready to leave he was nowhere to be found. We may never have found him at all except for the help we got. My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt's pants and pulled her to where Max was.
I decided to start a daily workout schedule. Today was my first day. I had to run and lift weights. It was tiring but I finally finished. I hope tomorrow's workout is easier.
Brenda was deciding whether she should watch a movie. She thought about various movies in her head. And eventually, walked to her DVD collection. Brenda was overwhelmed with choices. So she decided to watch nothing.
Tim had a math test on Friday. He had all week to study. He waited until the last minute. Luckily he was a smart kid. He passed the test easily.
While on vacation Eric met up with an old friend! His friend moved away a few months ago so he was happy to see him! They started to talk and then had something to eat after a bit. As his friend was leaving Eric asked him if he was coming back. His friend didn't answer, but instead they both went home together.
Jane was at the park. She spotted a guy with a cute dog. She couldn't resist petting it. The guy started flirting with her. Jane ignored him to keep playing with the dog.
Mark wanted to be able to do twenty pull-ups. Right now he can only do about ten. He started to practice them each night before bed. He would add one more rep every week to his workout. Two months later he was able to do twenty pull-ups.
Max and Linda are boyfriend and girlfriend. Max loves Linda! Linda does not feel the same about Max. Linda broke up with Max. Max is heartbroken.
Kelly was asked by her neighbors to come babysit. Kelly liked babysitting but the kids were unruly. They were always crying and whining. When Kelly arrived the kids were unbearable. Thankfully they ended up calming down after a snack.
Quinn signed up for an audition in his glee club at school. He chose two songs with different tempos and showed up on time. When it was time to sing, there was no one to accompany him. Distraught, he had to make something on the go. He improvised a song and was taken in unanimously.
Sue has a Spanish test at the end of the week. She has studied for days. She was still nervous. When she got to class, she reviewed her notes again. Sue knew she passed her test.
A record producer wanted to make money. He found some local performers. He put them together. They gave themselves a name. They began to perform together.
Melissa's baby was teething. He would cry and scream all day and she couldn't do much to help. She couldn't stand to have him cry anymore. Finally, she called up her mom for some parenting advice. Her mom suggested having him chew on a wet cloth, and it worked.
Lo heard that Jell-O would help your hair and nails grow. Lo went to the store, bought some Jell-O, and made some. After a few weeks of eating Jell-O everyday, her hair had grown. Lo recommended this remedy to her friends. Now they all have healthy long hair and strong nails.
Ned had been a mail carrier for many years. He was promoted to the head carrier because of his experience. He was dedicated to serving his community. When he retired, they named the building after him. Ned had been a respected member of the postal community.
Ricky was preparing to go for a walk with his dog. He realized his keys were missing and assumed someone took them. After accusing everyone in the household of taking his keys. He searched for his keys under a pile of laundry in his bedroom. Ricky found the missing keys.
Susie was having a baby shower. She invited her friends to celebrate. However she got too many presents. Susie was not sure about it. She thought she would give some to charity.
Bill ran a bookshop with his partner, Sam. Every day, Bill emptied the registers and put the money in a safe. Bill had some gambling debt so he secretly stole from the register. Weeks had gone by and Sam was unaware. Bill's mistake was when he got too brazen and took everything.
Amy heard a new song on the radio and loved it. She listened to the song every time it played. After 3 months she was sick of the song. Her friends were enjoying the song when she turned the radio off. Her friends were upset, but she couldn't bare to hear that song again.
My sister-in-law Ella is a Section 8 holder. The housing authority inspected her apartment today. Ella was working so I stayed in the apartment. The inspector said the circuit breaker panel needed to be replaced. Ella was not amused.
Jim wanted to by a racing wheel for his computer. But the one he wanted was discontinued. He searched for used ones. And found one at a garage sale. He was happy to buy it for only $10.
The waitress gave me my plate of food. My mom kept asking for some of my food when I was eating it. She ended up eating more of my food than I did. I was mad. However, she agreed to pay for everything.
Janice decided to bring her baby to my house. She asked me if I want to hold him. Although I was nervous, I said yes. She handed the baby to me. After a few seconds, he began to cry violently.
The man was dressed as Santa. He asked me to sit on his knee. He asked what I wanted for Christmas. I told him I wanted a toy pony. He said he would tell his elves.
Maxine wants to get around her new town faster but hates parking. A good friend recommends she try biking around town. Maxine decides to buy a bike and give it a shot. She finds biking very easy, even though she hasn't biked in Years. Maxine is so happy that she took her friend's advice.
A bartender was trying to come up with a new drink. He picked five bottles at random and began to pour. He took a drink and reflected on it a long time. It was the best drink he ever had. He called the new drink the Random Five.
Kara was sick of constantly feeling ugly. She decided to get a nose job. After her nose job, she had to heal for a few weeks. She then noticed more men were paying attention to her. Because of this, Kara felt happy with her decision.
Gabrielle was trying to stay on a gluten-free diet. Unfortunately, her favorite food was gluten. She managed to avoid it for weeks. Eventually, she gave in and ate some gluten containing fries. Gabrielle was ashamed with herself.
Evan was camping with his family in a tent He heard something moving outside in the woods. He got really scared. His parents went outside to look. They found a family of deer in the trees nearby.
Billy was swinging a toy sword around his house. While playing with the toy sword, he broke his mother's favorite vase. Billy's mom got home from work and asked about the vase. Billy blamed the broken vase on the family's dog. Billy felt so bad about his lie, he told his mom the truth.
Tim used to collect geodes. One time he came upon a huge amethyst rock. It was so exciting for him. It was so exciting, in fact, that he stopped after that. He figured he could never have a better find.
Hattie took a hike today. She went on a trail she always went on. She decided to stray from the path a bit. She found a new way to get to the end. The new was much more scenic.
The family was going to a basketball game. They arrived at the arena an hour before game time. They couldn't wait to see some action! They climbed the tall steps. They found their seats quickly.
D'von found out the local zoo was looking for volunteers. He asked for a ride from his father and went over early one weekend. The zoo needed lots of help, so they put him to work. He got to interact with and observe many of the animals as he worked. All in all, it was a very good experience.
Kate wanted a pet. Her parents told her she needed to show she was responsible. Kate began doing more chores around the house. Her parents agreed that she could get a small pet. Kate went to the shelter and adopted a cat.
Aya lost her gold anklet in gym class. She was distraught! But then she went to the guidance office. There, she checked the Lost And Found box. Thankfully, her anklet had been found and turned in.
Lauren was the leader of her team for the debate this weekend. She studied all that she could before the day arrived. When they started the debate, Lauren gave her facts effortlessly. The opposing team was in awe of how well versed she was on the topic. Lauren won the debate for her team and received a trophy.
Glen came home after his night class. He tried to study hard for an upcoming exam tomorrow. He read for 10 minutes. Afterwards, his eyes began to close. He fell asleep until 3 AM in the morning.
Jamie was at the store. Suddenly she ran into her ex boyfriend. He asked if she wanted to catch up. She agreed so they went to dinner. They ended up getting back together.
A stealth bomber flew high above enemy lands. The pilot eyed the ground for his target. He flicked a switch and held his finger over a button. Without hesitating he pressed the button. A large bomb fell from the plane and onto the ground.
She was supposed to go on the field trip. She showed up at school ready to go. Since she skipped school the day before, they wouldn't let her. She hid in the agri building all day. She sneaked back home after 2 pm.
Tom had a gas stove. He started noticing a smell in his house. He realized that the gas had been leaking from the stove. Tom cut the gas off and called someone to fix it. They were able to do so and Tom stayed safe.
My boss hosted a catered lunch yesterday at work. It was an extravagant meal with plenty of different dishes. Today, he came into my office and told me he's letting me go. He says he can't help it, the company can't afford to pay me. I bet that catered lunch cost more than a week of my salary.
A married couple have jobs delivering medical supplies. They take an emergency job five hours away but near the beach. The husband grabs beer, wine and snacks for the trip. The wife grabs clothes and swimming stuff. They forgot their own medicines at home and had to purchase them.
We rode on the bike path today. It was a 14 mile ride. During the ride we saw a stray cat. We stopped to play with it. It was very friendly.
Donald dreamed of becoming a star. He would watch movies and imagine he was the leading man. He quit his job in insurance and moved to LA. One day, whilst waiting tables, he served a well-known casting agent. The agent took a liking to Donald and cast him in his next movie.
It was my first semester of college. I fell really ill with diabetes. I ended up missing so many classes, I got kicked out. I moved back home with my parents. I immediately enrolled in community college.
Michael's father was in the military, and he moved around a lot. One time, in his first day of school, he was very nervous. Michael was worried nobody would like him. Fortunately, one student was very kind and showed him the ropes. They became best friends and remain so till this day.
Christopher had a beautiful girlfriend Chloe. He and Chloe were compatible in many ways. Christopher met a girl online who he started to like more. They met up and began seeing each other behind Chloe's back. Christopher ended up losing both girls because of his greed.
Last week I was with my friend at the mall. She wanted to get some lip gloss from a store. I didn't think anything of it. Before I know it we're being escorted by security. It turns out she tried to put it in her purse without paying.
A man was at city hall to support a new police station. Zarna, who hates cops, started recording as she asked the man's name. The man joked that it was Hugh Mungus, with no other implication. Zarna immediately began shouting that this was sexual harassment. It wasn't, and she was rightfully asked to leave for the disturbance.
I woke up early yesterday because I was going on a trip. I got dressed. I drove to Dunn's river falls. I explored the falls. I went home exhausted.
Tom wanted to get into better shape. He tried to weight lift alone. Unfortunately he almost hurt himself. Tom realized he needed a spotter. He joined a gym.
Ed was very tired. His bed time was not for another hour. He contemplated the advantages of retiring early. Ed put on his pajamas. He went to bed early.
Kerry was sitting out on his porch. He was watching his neighbor was cutting his lawn. It was hot outside. Kerry saw his neighbor fall over and pass out. Kerry called 911 for help.
A howl pierced the black night. The children huddled closer to the campfire. Everyone was terrified, even the camp counselor. The howl came again, right on top of them! Out of the darkness walked a friendly family dog.
The bathroom was starting to smell strange. The tub was backed up with an odd colored liquid. I used a plunger on the drain. A giant ball of hair extracted itself. I threw it away, feeling sickened.
Jaron borrowed his friend's kayak. Jaron took the borrowed kayak to the Myakka River. While there Jaron flipped over in the kayak. The kayak was lost downstream. Jaron's friend was very upset with him.
The man took a shower. The hot water went cold. He still had soap in his hair. He washed his hair quickly. He was shivering when he got out of the shower.
Cara loved to scrapbook! Every chance she had to make a scrapbook for someone she did. She was asked to be a bridesmaid in her friend's wedding this summer. She took pictures the entire night and made a giant wedding scrapbook. She surmised the newlyweds with it a week after the wedding!
Mary wanted to make banana muffins. She realized she didn't have enough eggs. She called her neighbor Carmela to ask if she could borrow some eggs. Her Carmela brought two eggs over. When they were ready, Mary shared the muffins with Carmela.
I am a powerful politician. Wanting convenience, I installed an email server in my home. I handled all kinds of sensitive information on the server. When I ran for president, many questioned my use of the server. They tried to indict me, but were unsuccessful.
Mississippi got hit by Hurricane Katrina ten Years ago. It finally rebuilt the coast. However, we still brace every time bad weather brews. Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast. People always take it seriously.
Hannah was in the grocery store. Suddenly, she saw someone very familiar- her ex boyfriend. He caught her eye, and ignored her. Hannah felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip. She went home and felt depressed the rest of the day.
The couple built a shelter for the dog. The dog wouldn't sleep in it. The husband blamed the wife. The wife said it was the husband's fault. Their child tore it down.
Bernie was mowing the lawn. The sky grew dark with rain clouds. Bernie heard the tornado sirens go off. He went inside to the basement. Bernie waited for the sirens to stop.
Tom was a DJ. Tom played gigs nearly every night. Tom noticed his hearing was not as good as it once was. Tom visited a doctor about his hearing. The doctor recommended ear plugs for Tom.
One of my friends in high school got suspended for fighting. I couldn't blame him, the guy he fought was a real big jerk. I myself couldn't resist messing with the guy, in honor of my friend. The jerk pulled up to the building to pick up his assignments, I spang. Onto the hood of his car I went with him yelling and screaming after.
Charles found a black rock on the beach. He took it home and looked it up. He discovered it was a piece of volcanic rock. Charles used it for his science project at school. Charles got an A on his science project.
Angie bought a variety of fruits for her guests. As she wanted to impress them, they were all exotic. One of the guest tried a papaya and choked. Angie run to their rescue. But it turned out that the guest had only choked on their own saliva.
David and I decided to tile our bathroom floor. We drove to the tile store and picked out 2 different types of tile. Then we went to Home Depot to pick up the grout and thinset. We had to borrow a tile cutter from our friend for the small cuts. Tomorrow we start lay the tile, I hope it's not too crooked.
Someone in my neighborhood ran over my mailbox. The mailman did not know how to deliver my mail without a box. I did not get mail for 2 week until I got a new mailbox. The first day with the new mailbox I got 20 letters at once. It took a long time to read them all.
Ben is on a camping trip with his family. Ben starts to wander off the campsite away from the tent. Ben notices he has wandered off too far. Panic sets in but then he remembers his compass and he uses it. He gets back to the campsite to be with his family.
Bernie hates his job and devises a plan. He wants to sabotage his boss and take her job. He plants evidence and gets her fired. Bernie's devious plan works and he gets promoted. Bernie is satisfied with his new job.
John assembled his own computer. John realized he loved the computer field. John went to college for a computer science degree. John finally graduated. John became a programmer.
Bob and his friends always played golf. They would meet up every Saturday. They liked one course in particular. But one round Bob's drive hit the barn. The starter said he hadn't seen someone hit that in Years.
Carl's sprinkler was broken. It chaotically sprayed water everywhere. He was planning to get it fixed. But he decided to play in it on a hot day. To Carl, the sprinkler was perfect.
My nephew just moved to a new home in the suburbs. His mother and sister hate highway driving. He gave them directions by streets. They are reluctant to use them, as they do not like directions. I told them the train goes there but they don't like trains.
Emmy noticed an aisle of fat-free food at the store. She loaded her cart, picturing the weight she'd lose. After a month of fat-free food, Emmy got on the scale. She was distraught to see she'd gained weight. Then she checked the food labels and saw the calorie counts.
Tim was sent to prison after being falsely accused of a crime. He made the best use of his time he could for self-betterment. Tim inspired all those around him, and was paroled early. That night the cop who had falsely accused him came across Tim. The cop shot him when Tim reached for his identification.
Tom walked home from school often. He was always creeped out by a neighbor's house. The guy who lived there seemed creepy. One day Tom saw him out in his yard. They talked and he realized he wasn't so bad.
May bet her friend Jen that she could not complete a milk challenge. The challenge was to drink a gallon of milk in under an hour. Jen accepted the challenge. She tried and tried but she could not finish the whole gallon of milk. May won the bet!
Will got a call from a cousin he hadn't seen in twenty years. She invited Will to attend a family reunion. Will accepted the invitation. At the reunion Will saw relatives he hadn't seen since childhood. Will really enjoyed catching up with his relatives.
Guillermo had bought a lottery ticket. He did not expect to win. He had never won before. So he watched the news for the numbers. And appeared that he had won.
Ben dropped some sugar in his kitchen. He forgot to clean it up right away. The next day, he saw a nasty shock. The kitchen floor was swarming with black ants! Quickly, Ben hastened to clean up the spilled sugar.
Bill loved the movies. Bill learned of an open audition for extras in a nearby town. Bill went and tried out to be an extra. The casting director noticed Bill's mannerisms and look. Bill was given several lines in the movie!
Amy and her friends had been watching movies for hours. They were now hungry. They made a pizza, popcorn, and grabbed other snacks. The girls walked back to the living room toting lots of food. Lynn's mom remarked the girls looked like ants hauling their bounty.
Paul heard rambling in the community garbage can. Upon further investigation, he saw a bear cub was stuck in it. Paul and a friend took a ladder and put in on the back of his truck. After his friend stuck the ladder in the container, they drove off. The cub climbed out and reunited with its mother not far away.
Jane woke up late since she forgot to set her alarm clock. She missed her first class but went to school. The lab instructor during her second class kicked her out. He told her that she's not allowed to wear shorts in the lab. Jane was grumpy for the rest of the day.
Sarah loved to watch the birds in her yard. One day, she saw a beautiful bird in her yard. The bird had a friend and they kept flying around each other. Sarah was really excited because she knew they were in love. Later that year, Sarah saw a nest full of eggs next to the two birds!
Carl regularly went to his kitchen at night. But he never turned the light on as he knew where everything was. One night, he bumped into someone and freaked out. But he quickly realized it was his mom. Afterwards, Carl always turned on the light when going to the kitchen.
I was in a coffee shop working on the computer. A man in a wheelchair rolled in and began harassing customers. What we didn't know was that he was suffering a major brain aneurysm. Before he could be kicked out, he began to go into convulsions. He died within minutes, and we were all shocked.
Jack had never met the older lady who lived three doors down. Other kids in the neighborhood had said she might be a witch! On Halloween, Jack timidly approached her doorstep and rang the bell. He thought about running away as the door slowly began to open. Jack was relieved to find she was a kind woman and not a witch!
Watson had always wanted to learn the saxophone. After talking to his parents, they bought him one. At first, he could not play anything. After a lot of hard work, he could play it. Now, Watson is very good at the saxophone.
Andrea had a huge crush on a boy. She was gushing to her best friend one night. When her friend heard the boy's name, she frowned. Both girls realized that they liked the same boy. They promised to ignore him for the sake of their friendship.
Kimberly was the best student at her school. There was a surprise test for her English class one day. Every student in the class failed except her. The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board. Every student in the class refused to speak to her from then on.
Abby bought a huge tank. She filled it with lots of colorful fish. Everyone in her family loved watching the fish swim around. They were soothing and peaceful. The fish became their favorite form of entertainment.
Ophelia decides to clean up her house. She begins by cleaning the floors and windows. Soon her house is beginning to look great. Ophelia decides she has cleaned enough for one day. She is happy that she cleaned up.
John had a problem with incorrectly reading receipts. Once, he incorrectly read a receipt to one of his customers. The customer was very angry over the mistake. John's boss had to apologize for everything that happened. The customer did not forgive John or his boss.
Tina and her brother went out to eat. They were seated by no waitress. They waited an hour. Finally they got up and left. The service was atrocious.
Anna and her friends were at a local watering hole. There was a cliff where locals liked to dive or jump. Anna wanted to try it, but her fear had always prevented her. This time, though, she nerved herself up and climbed to the top. Then she jumped off the cliff - and yelled with joy all the way down!
I bought a kiwi from the farmer's market. Alas, it was rotten. I demanded a refund but the farmer refused. I decided to punch him. Thus, the police arrested me.
Gerald was up early on a Sunday morning. He decided that he was going to clean his yard. He spent most of the day uprooting weeds and getting rid of rocks. Afterwards, he planted flowers and new trees. He felt satisfied with his work and took a nap.
Jacob decided to go for a walk one day. Jacob is very attentive on his walks. He saw a penny on the ground. Jacob put the penny in his pocket. He skipped all the way home.
Alice was supposed to go on a date at eight. She was getting ready. All of the sudden she realized she was late. She ended up being an hour late. Alice felt so sorry.
I was at the bank the other day. The girl working the counter was really cute. I started to flirt. She lost interest when she saw my bank account. I don't want a gold digger anyway.
Jamie loves to bake cookies. She bakes cookies every week. One day, Jamie decided to take cookies to the homeless shelter. The people at the homeless shelter gratefully accepted the cookies. Jamie brought joy to the people at the homeless shelter.
Adam was running late so he grabbed a coffee to go. He didn't have time to eat anything, and he had to get to work. He started feeling lightheaded and sleepy an hour later. Adam felt irritable and realized he was weak from hunger. He vowed to make sure he ate breakfast from now on no matter what.
It snowed during the night. In the morning the town had to go to work. They did not know how to drive in snow. They drove anyways. There were many wrecks.
I have a very bad dog named Molly. She eats everything she sees. Today I left the house for a while and left Molly alone. When I came home the house was a mess and Molly was the culprit. Now I lock her up every time I leave so she doesn't get in trouble.
Elizabeth was stuffed. She'd had a huge breakfast at the diner. They were famous for the pancakes and waffles. Elizabeth went home and took a nap. She had eaten enough for five people!
Paula went on a school field trip to the museum. This year her class went to a natural history museum. In one large room they had dinosaur bones on display. Paula was a little frightened by the huge dinosaur exhibit. She quickly left the exhibit and went to the snack bar.
Greg was walking around with his classmates. One of his classmates approached Greg from behind. He took Greg's finger and bit it. Greg ran to his teacher to tell her about what happened. She ultimately gave the classmate a timeout.
I needed a new outfit for my job interview. I tried looking at all these stores but couldn't find any. The search was relentless. Finally I found one at Macy's. I was relieved.
I went to turn on the computer. When I turned it on, there was a blue screen. I decided to call tech support for help. When I called, they said to reboot it. I did and the computer worked like normal.
Jake had just been to the grocery store. When he got home he got a phone call from his mom. His favorite teacher had been in a wreck. She had passed away on the scene. Jake was devastated.
Johnny really wanted a certain video game. Christmas was coming up and he told his parents that he wanted it. On Christmas day Johnny opened all of his presents. He was upset to see he didn't receive the video game. Johnny proceeded to throw a temper tantrum.
Kelly was at the zoo. She needed to use the restroom badly. The line was so long it reached across a patio. She had no choice but to wait. Just when she thought she'd never be able to hold it it was her turn.
It had been 3 hours since the power went out. The blackout seemed like it would never end. Kate decided to go to her car to power up her phone. Just then the lights on the street came back on. The whole block began to cheer.
Kia's mom called her out into the yard. Kia went, perplexed. But then she saw what her mom was pointing at. Her mouth fell open in awe. There was a rare and beautiful double rainbow overhead!
Jim was sad. He had nothing to do on a Sunday afternoon. He sat in his room and pouted. He then decided he would do something. He went outside so that he wouldn't just sit and cry all day.
There was a young woman at my cafe who was ill. She began by coughing herself into a fit, but recovered. She thought she was ok, but the illness moved to her stomach. I saw she looked uncomfortable while at the cafe. She soiled her pants, and everyone was sick from the stench.
May Larker was a paranormal investigator. She once claimed to have seen a ghost. People didn't believe her. May spent her life trying to prove that ghosts were real. When May finally passed, she didn't left nothing but a corpse.
Amy wanted to go to Vegas when she turns 21. She started planning the trip and invited her friends. She started to save her money up until the day she left. Amy and her friends had a blast. She won enough money to cover her entire trip.
My boyfriend and I went hiking yesterday. We wore our boots and brought our water bottles. What we did not prepare for was the parking lot fee. We didn't see the no parking sign, and our car was towed! We were in for a long hike home, as well.
I bought thumbtacks at the office supply store. As I was getting in my car the carton of tacks spilled. I carefully maneuvered my hand to pick them up. As soon as I thought I had them all I got back in my car. Sure enough one was left in my seat and it poked my bottom.
One day my brother hit me in the stomach. He'd done so many times before, but this time I snapped. I grabbed my little league bat and chased him with it. I ended up hitting him in the head with the bat twice. He wasn't really injured, because I was so little.
When I was young there was a stray cat that was sick. I tried to save it but it died under the house. My mom called my dad to come take it out, and put it in the trash. I started crying and threw a fit and dad went to talk to mother. My dad came back and buried the cat in the yard.
Jane's co-worker agreed to help with an important project. As the deadline approached the co-worker was nowhere to be seen. After presenting the project to her boss Jane looked for the co-worker She asked around but no one had seen him. Jane found him in the break room watching TV.
Dave was a homeless man. He was trying to get some food, but he had no money. He noticed a charity. He went inside and explained his situation. Luckily they offered him some food.
Lenny struggles to support his family. He often takes things home from work. Lenny's boss finds out about this. Lenny is called into his boss's office for a talk. Lenny is fired on the spot.
Mort wanted to be a boxer when he grew up. He asked his parents to sign him up for lessons. They encouraged him to take karate instead. They reasoned it was less likely to injure him. Mort accepted the offer and slowly forgot about his boxing dreams.
Tom bought a new pair of pants at the mall. They were tight fitting jeans. Tom figured he would break them in over time. He wore them at home all the time. After a few weeks they were properly broken in.
Graham had been given a new book. It was about his favorite character and it made sounds. Unfortunately, it didn't have a battery in it. Graham's mom promised to buy one at the store. But the one she came home with was the wrong size.
Harry was a big child for his age. Harry was much stronger than the other children. Harry grew up playing football because he was so big. Harry eventually quit football because he didn't like it. Harry wished he was smaller so he could have played soccer.
Vince was dozing off as he was driving. There weren't any rest stops on the small back road he'd taken. He pulled off the road after falling asleep at the wheel again. There was just enough room on the shoulder for it to be safe. Vince was annoyed when the chirping crickets kept him awake.
Zoe always makes good grades. One day she forgot to study for a quiz. When she got to class she remembered about her quiz. Zoe failed her quiz. She ruined her record of good grades.
Sam had a puppy. He tried taking it to the dog park. It was scared and other dogs barked at it. Same realized his puppy was too young for it. He went home and waited to return when it was older.
Devon searched the internet one day. He tried gaining knowledge by searching encyclopedias online. Devon found a real encyclopedia and compared it to the web's. He saw that the two were identical. Devon concluded by using the internet because it was easier to use.
We all went out to dinner together. Susan ordered the pasta. I got the steak. Jessie got the vegetarian option. All of us were very satisfied with our meals.
There once was a man who went to throw garbage out. He walked out there in the cold rainy. Right as he was throwing it away, a person jumped out. They grabbed him and tried to pull him in the dumpster. He resisted and was able to run away.
Justin is with his friend Bill looking for clubs. Justin is tired from trying to find clubs. Bill keeps trying to find the hottest club in town. They eventually give up and waste their whole night on nothing. On the way home with no sleep Justin falls asleep while driving.
I went out for a walk in the park the other day. While I was out walking I saw some of my friends. We decided to hang out in the park for a little bit. After hanging out together we continued walking our separate ways. I love walking with my friends.
Chuck and Jason were contentedly watching TV one evening. Suddenly, Jason jumped up and ran to the TV. Chuck frantically tried to catch him. He knew what the special needs child was up to. He arrived too late to stop Jason from throwing the TV on the floor.
Naomi worked very hard. She was a dancer who was performing in the school talent show. She practice her routine over and over again. She was so excited to perform in front of her peers. When she took the stage, she knew she would do a great job.
Greg ordered a pizza pocket from a nearby food truck. They heated it up and served it to him. Since he was too excited, he ignored the fact that it was hot. He dropped it after grabbing on it. Unfortunately, he wasn't offered a refund and had to buy a new one.
When I was 10, I was in girl scouts. We were invited to march in the local Christmas Parade. We were all going to wear pajamas like we were going to bed. I wore a care bear nightgown and carried a stuffed teddy bear. I was very excited and waved at everyone as I walked past.
Justin did not like mice at all. He did not like them because they are very small. One day, he decided that go to the basement. Suddenly, he saw a mouse on the ground. At first, he was scared but then, Justin saw the mouse was harmless.
Juanita loves listening to music. The tunes in her head are sporadic. She plays them over and over again. One day the music stopped playing for Juanita. That was the day Juanita killed herself.
I got a new dog leash for my dog. The leash broke in one day. I had no money for a new one. I decided to duct tape it back together. After that it never broke again.
Tim had an old, uncomfortable bed in his room. He would wake up with back pains every day. He decided to tell his friend about his problem. His friend actually had a spare bed at his house. Tim got the new bed and was able to sleep comfortably.
Tom and Judy went to a Korean restaurant. When their food arrived, it was cold. They left the restaurant without paying. And they drove away. Weeks later, the restaurant closed down.
The teacher failed Patrick for copying work from his worksheet. The next day, the teacher noticed graffiti on his classroom door. He was confused and decided to ask a few suspicious people. Someone confessed that they saw Patrick using a spray can yesterday. He ended up suspending Patrick for a few days.
Terrence's family was taking the train into the city. It was his cousin's birthday today and they were headed to the party. He liked going to the city to see the large buildings. His parents would argue that the city was no place to raise a child. When they arrived everyone hugged and acted like a happy family.
Karen wanted to wear a bikini by summer. She vowed to lose twenty pounds. She cut out sweets and sodas. It was hard, but worth it. Karen lost twenty-TWO pounds in total!
I wanted to take a guy on a date. I called him the other afternoon to see his availability. Turns out he was free tonight! We've made plans to go see a band. I'm really looking forward to it.
The bride had doubts about getting married. She talked to her fiance about their decision. The groom reassured her that he loved her. She remembered how much she loved him too. The wedding went forward without anymore problems.
Victoria's dad was going to have a birthday soon. So Victoria went to the store to look for a card. She found some sentimental ones. She found some cute ones. But she decided to get him a card about how much he farts.
Allie was friends with Lucy. The two had been buddies for years. Allie wanted to give Lucy something. She gave her a bracelet. Lucy was so honored she gave her the bracelet.
Jane was usually very happy girl, but today was different. She had been waiting over three hours for her brother. When he finally showed up, Jane exploded on him. Her brother was shocked and apologized profusely. He learned that day to always be on time.
Dustin bought some groceries. He brought them home and put them inside. First he put away all of the fridge items. Next, he put away the frozen food. Finally, he put away the pantry items.
Tom hadn't slept well. He was at a big meeting. He felt tired throughout. Tom kept yawning and dozing off. He got in trouble because of it.
Betty was going to her annual doctor's check up. The doctor told her she had high blood pressure. Betty was given a diet plan and a prescription. She started eating better and exercising. Betty's blood pressure went down.
I was on third base and taking a large lead. I timed it just right and I made a run for home. I slid in under the catcher's mitt and was ruled safe. I had just stole home to win the game. I was not confident I would be safe, but my training kicked in.
Bob groggily poured a bowl of cereal. He then remembered he'd finished the last carton of rice milk. He'd forgotten to put a new carton in the fridge so it'd be cold. Bob put a container of room temperature rice milk into the freezer. After half an hour it was cold enough to have on his cereal.
I went to a friends house for a party last weekend. It was a lot of fun, but I didn't know a lot of people there. We played a lot of games that night. We also had a lot of food to eat. It was a really great time.
Frank had noticed his shoelaces becoming more and more worn out. It was interrupting his daily walks. Finally Frank decided to buy a new pair of shoelaces. His shoes fit him better and gave him better support. Frank knew he had made a terrific change in his life.
It was Tim's birthday. He couldn't wait to see his presents. He got a new shirt. He got a new hat. His favorite gift was the radio that made him jump for joy!
Tom hadn't slept well in days. He wasn't sure why. He asked his doctor about it. The doctor prescribed some pills. They helped Tom sleep better.
I started a new dance class week. They teach a lit bit of everything. I am not the best dancer. I hope I can learn a few things. We can go out dancing when I am done.
Jerry was in the Air Force as a first sergeant. Jerry was stationed in England for two years during Vietnam. Every day, he worked on fixing and maintaining fighter jets. He loved his career in the Air Force. After two years, he was finally sent home.
Grace was given a kitten for her birthday. She had just moved into a new apartment after finishing college. The apartment complex manager found out that she got a kitten. She received a letter informing her about the required pet deposit. The free kitten Grace got as a gift cost her $300 to keep.
Rex realizes that he hasn't eaten any fruit in a month. He decides to go to his local grocery store to buy an apple. Finally he buys a delicious looking red apple. He eats the entire apple in the grocery store parking lot. Rex decides that he can go another month without fruit.
Horace had always loved the way that steamed mussels tasted. He decided to make some at home for himself and his girlfriend. He steamed the mussels with white wine and garlic. They tasted even better than he had imagined they would. Horace's girlfriend was very proud of his cooking abilities.
Fred and his friends gathered around a campfire. They roasted hot dogs and were having a great time. Fred suggested that they tell ghost stories. Fred started by telling a story first to his friends. His friends were so scared that they all went to sleep in their tents.
Jack worked at a beautiful hotel with the lovely Jessica. They folded linens together everyday. One day Jack noticed Jessica smiling at him across the folding table. So Jack decided to slip a love note in her linens. Jessica asked Jacked to marry her once she knew how much he loved her.
Amy called her friend Ella. Ella was the sister of her crush Ray. Amy hated to seem needy but she wanted to know why he never called. Amy was shocked to find Ray had a girlfriend at their old school. Amy sobbed quietly into her pillow all night.
I bought a pair of goldfish from the animal store. Since my garage had a lot of space, I placed it there. I needed to feed it but I didn't know how much. I assumed they needed a lot and poured a quarter of the bottle. The fish were dead during the next day.
Tim and his friends were shooting BB guns. Tim aimed at his friends but missed. Then he accidentally shot himself in the foot! The pain was intense and burning. Tim was very glad it wasn't a real gun!
Little John wanted a garden in his backyard. He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt. He helped his mother plant the seeds. Day after day, he watered the plants and weeded the garden. He was so excited when he ate his first garden carrot!
Jack and Jill didn't know what to name their daughter. They looked in a book and online. They even asked their friends for advice. But when the time came they still didn't have a name. So they called her baby girl for a month before settling on Clara.
Sam was used to knowing everyone in elementary school. When he got to middle school, he knew no one. All his friends were in different classes. He felt lost. Sam had to make new friends.
Tom was trying to quit smoking. His girlfriend noticed he would sneak off to try sometimes. She bought joke lighters online. Tom didn't realize she had replaced them with those. He tried to sneak to smoke and screamed at the novelty item.
The boy got pushed. He fell to the ground. He asked who had done it. Nobody confessed to it. The boy got mad at everyone.
Joe thought he was an experienced baker. But only learned how to bake on his own. His friend suggested that he take a baking class. And he reluctantly did. Joe ended up learning a lot more than he thought he would.
Mike traveled to Japan. He visited an ancient weapon store. He saw a golden katana in the corner. Mike wanted it badly. Mike had no money and had to leave the katana.
Deborah's computer continuously slowed down. She searched the internet for the best way to fix it. She followed all the directions. One promising lead told her to install a file. Deborah is now in route to the computer repair shop with a dead PC.
Danielle wanted to decorate her porch. She got a topiary for next to her door. It grew taller and taller. Soon, she had to trim it back. It really made a statement on her porch!
Three brothers went golfing for a bachelor party celebration. They had gone the day before the wedding. While golfing, one of them was badly sunburned. His hands and face were red like a lobster! To fix it, they had to take all the wedding photos in black and white!
Emma insisted she wanted to cook dinner. Her husband, Tim, was skeptical. She ended up burning everything. Even the napkins were singed! Luckily, Tim had preemptively ordered a pizza.
Ted liked cookies. However he only liked when his mother made them. He spit out all other cookies. His friends met up and tried to make the best cookies of all time. They were so good that Ted decided to try other people's cookies.
My sister in law's brother in law struggled with depression. He had been doing well for years. Last month he went missing for a day. The police found him sleeping in his car. He went to therapy and got new medication.
Ryan wanted to wash some laundry. He was out of detergent though. He got an idea. He used dish soap instead of detergent. The washer overflowed with bubbles.
Tim was shaving before work. He kept getting cut. After a while he had several cuts. He figured the blade was old. Tim replaced the blade and shaved much better.
Gary was recently the magician at his niece's birthday party. Gary did several tricks at the party. First, Gary made several coins appear from his niece's ear. Finally, Gary made the doll house that his niece wanted appear. Gary was glad to see how excited his niece was because of his magic.
Jason never had a picket fence dream. But when he met Alissa, she only dreamed of the perfect house. To please her, he perused the market to find a great house. He found one, but Alissa didn't like it. The fence was green, not white.
For track practice, we had to do a box jump at 48 inches. I had never done it before and I knew I was scared. Other people went and completed the jump. When I stepped up, I was very nervous. However, in the end I was able to complete the jump.
Jane was cooking in the kitchen at a cafe. She had to run to the restaurant. Jane asked her co worker to watch the grill. Her coworker didn't hear Jane. The food burned on the grill.
Meagan went to the beach. She just started high school. Some people came up to her. They asked if she was in college. Meagan was about full grown.
Jack wants his family to spend at least one weekend night together. His children get to pick out what movie they want to watch. The three children usually want to watch an animated film. While the kids decide, Jack and his wife pop some popcorn. Movie night is something that they all look forward to all week long.
Lisa wants to start a new business. She decides to open a restaurant. She scouts the perfect location. She opened her restaurant in the best neighborhood in town. Her restaurant is very busy and has reservations full nightly.
It was Sunday and Janice was looking forward to getting ice cream. She went with her family every Sunday after church. When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors. Janice just could not choose. After looking over the menu she decided on a chocolate sundae.
Dan felt like he had a cold coming on. Dan asked his boss to get off work early. Dan went by the doctor's office on the way home. Dan was diagnosed with bronchitis. Dan got some antibiotics and went home to rest.
Smoke Manmuscle was a retired action star. He had been smart with his pay from his movie days, and owned a home. One day, a hurricane wiped his home off the map. He had no options now, it was either rent or get back into movies. Smoke decided not to make a fool of himself, and rented a place.
Anna woke up excited because today is her birthday. She is wondering what gift she will get from her parents. Her parents want to surprise her so they hide the bike in the garage. Anna's mom tells Anna to go to the garage and they follow her. Anna discovers the bike in the garage and jumps for joy.
John wanted to get a new pet. He went to the pound to look for one. He saw a sad puppy. John felt deeply for it. He took him home as his new pet.
I was not getting my emails recently. They were getting into my spam. I created filters to fix the issue. I found out Gmail changed their settings on August 6. People cannot leave things alone.
I gathered up all my clothes to do laundry. As I put the clothes in the washer I emptied the pockets. In some pockets I found money. All the money I found I put in a jar. I had found $15 in this way.
Molly was nervous about borrowing her friend's car. She drove extra careful to ensure the car was safe. Yet, she found a scratch on the car after going in a store. Horrified, she brought the car to the shop to have the scratch fixed. Molly's friend was confused to find the old scratch gone.
Dave wanted to watch the big game. He decided to take a nap before it started. Dave finally woke up. He turned the game on. Dave had slept through half the game.
Daniel was doing laundry. He got done with one load and ran out of detergent. He had to run to the store to get more. Daniel did just that and replaced it within minutes. He was able to finish doing laundry.
The Smith family went on a cruise for their summer vacation. After the ship departed, they ate dinner on the deck of the ship. Unfortunately, the Smiths got food poisoning and were sea sick! They went to the ship doctor for medicine to make them better. From then on, the Smiths went to the beach each summer instead.
Megan was eating pancakes in bed. When she was done she set her plate on the ground. Later when she got up, her blanket fell to the ground. When she found it it was covered in sticky syrup from the plate. She had to wash everything to get the syrup out.
Kate was in the backseat as her mom drove up a very steep hill. Kate realized her door wasn't fully closed. She opened it intending to close it hard. But the gravity began to pull her out of the moving car. Finally her mom turned and the door closed and pushed Kate in the car.
Erin had a piano recital on Saturday night. She had been practicing for weeks to get better. On Friday, her final practice was without error. On Saturday, she was not nervous at all. Since she was so confident, she did perfect!
I love walking down the food court. There is all sorts of free samples. You can have pretty much anything you want. From pizza to chicken. I wonder why people don't just eat the free samples and stop buying.
I've always been scared of water parks. My friends invited me to Big Surf, and I was scared. When we got to the big slide, I was terrified. I went down and landed in the pool! I survived the big slide, and was ready for more.
One day my dogs were running around in the backyard. We have a small hole in the fence, and they got out! We searched around the neighborhood and finally found them! Turns out they didn't make it further than my neighbors house. He said they were very cute and behaved in his home.
I woke up to a strange noise last night. I was very confused when I sat up. I heard another noise so I walked to the hallway to find the noise. As I entered the living room I saw a ghost looking at me. I then ran into my room and stayed there the rest of the night.
The traveling circus was in town. Alfred was excited to go with his family that weekend. On Saturday, Alfred and his family saw animals, acrobats, and clowns. Alfred was filled with increasing delight with each subsequent act. He knew this would be a day he would never forget.
Jess was hosting her son's birthday party. Things had been going well and it was time for cake. Jess was walking with the cake when suddenly she tripped. The whole thing was smashed and ruined. Luckily she had bought backup cupcakes and used those instead.
Eunice has always avoided candy because it is so unhealthy. However, one halloween, she decides to try a small piece. Eunice is amazed how delicious the candy tastes. Now Eunice eats candy every day. She doesn't care whether candy is unhealthy or not.
A watch lay on a table in a bar. A man walked by it and gave it a look. No one was around so he took the watch. The man put it on his wrist and checked the time. The watch was 5 minutes slow but worked.
It was Anne's first day of school. Both her and her mom were nervous. She got dressed and packed her bag. Her mom walked her to the classroom. Anne was shy at first, but then had a great time in school!
Sam kept having nightmares. It kept waking him up. After a while he decided not to go back to sleep. Unfortunately he was too tired and passed out. His nightmare came back until the morning.
Rocky felt the thud of his fist against the cold hunk of meat. The chains rattled loudly as he laid all his might in. Pounding and slamming he gave it everything to win this fight. His boss opened the walk-in and told him to go for the gold. A loud clang rang out as the chain broke and the meat and the floor.
Last week my aunt got an interesting idea. She decided to make ice cream from scratch. She churned the ingredients herself and created a new recipe. It was delicious. Everyone in the family really loved it.
Tom loved listening to the piano. He decided it was his favorite instrument. He wanted to learn how to play. He hired a piano teacher. He learned how to play the piano.
Eddie attended a boxing match with his friend. Eddie's friend wanted to make a wager on one of the matches. Eddie hated to gamble. He didn't take his friend up on his bet. Eddie's friend tried to get him to bet the rest of the night.
Larry was having constant stomach pains. His wife was fed up and told him to see the doctor. At the appointment, the doctor said he needed to go on a diet. Larry complied with the doctor's orders. He also told his wife that she must diet too!
After dinner the kids heard the ice cream truck. They all ran to get their piggy banks. Their parents walked them out to the truck. There was a long line once they got there. They were the last ones to be served.
Joe was on the beach with some friends. Down the beach the sea oats were on fire. Joe had gone to see what was going on. When he arrived everyone was just watching the fire. Joe started to throw sand on the fire, people joined in and stopped it.
A vase set empty on Bonnie's table. It never had anything in it. Bonnie got married to Josh. When they came home from their honeymoon, Josh put flowers in the vase. He said he would always keep it full of flowers for her.
Jimmy was playing around too much in class. He was warned to settle down several times. At one point he started running around with some scissors. He tripped and cut himself with them as he fell. He had to go to the nurse's office and learned a valuable lesson.
Yesterday I took a walk in the park. It was beautiful day outside and I loved walking. I took a seat on the bench and relaxed. To my surprise I met someone. We ended up going for coffee after.
Simon wanted a great Christmas present for his son. But his son already had plenty of toys and books. Then Simon thought of an even better gift. He bought his son a brand new puppy. Simon's son loved his Christmas gift!
Tom was at a party. He put his drink down for a minute. He went to drink from it again. It tasted disgusting. Someone had put their cigarette in it.
The teacher took her class to the art museum. They looked at the exhibits for hours. They had lunch at the museum afterwards. Soon after, the class was given a tour. The teacher assigned the class homework to write about their trip.
Tori went for a drive. She stopped at a light. She started to drive to early. A car hit her side. Everyone was okay.
Jay loved apple pie, especially homemade from his grandma. But his grandma couldn't afford apples often, so he rarely got pie. Then one day Jay noticed three apple trees in his neighborhood! He picked dozens of apples and brought them to his grandma. She made him three pies and he stuffed himself silly!
The teacher announced that we're going to learn how to draw shapes. We began with a square, followed by a triangle. My friends weren't able to draws theirs correctly. My teacher glanced at my paper. She told me that I was doing great.
Fred really wanted a hamburger. He went to a fast food place to order one. He specified that he did not want a tomato. Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger. When he put into the burger, he spat out a piece of tomato.
Jane was hungry one night. She was half asleep. She noticed an old slice of cake in the refrigerator. Jane tasted it and it was stale. She was too hungry and sleepy to care and ate it anyway.
Sierra picked up fruit punch from the grocery store. She drove home afterwards. When she opened the fruit punch, she poured some in a glass. A worm came out of the container. It was alive and it moved through the glass.
Amy went to the kitchen to see what was for dinner She had played hard at volleyball practice and was hungry. Her mother informed her dinner wouldn't be ready for an hour. Her mother suggested she eat a snack. She declined, she didn't want a snack to ruin her appetite.
Drew was with his friends. They were smoking and drinking alcohol. He joined them since he was forced to do so. His brother noticed his friends walking around the neighborhood. He pulled Drew out of the group and argued with him.
Angela had a beautiful baby girl. She loved to dress her up. She put a pretty bow in her hair for the first time. Angela loved having a little girl! She took her out of the house to show her off.
We went for a bike ride. Halfway through my nephew stopped. I turned around to find out what was wrong. His chain had come off of his gears. I quickly fixed it and we were back on our way.
Last night my wife and I went to the spa. We both got relaxing massages. We had facials. We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna. It was very nice.
Clara's niece was turning 3 on Saturday. Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party. Her mother said that there was, but Clara wasn't invited. Clara asked why, her mother didn't know. Clara texted her sister a very angry message about the party.
Liz was texting with Bill. She wasn't good at expressing herself through text. She tried being sarcastic. Bill didn't get it. Liz lost another chance at love because of it.
Lucy was on her way to work. There was a terrible snowstorm outside. To her dismay she got stuck in the snow. Finally an hour later, Lucy got out. Lucy ended up being late to work.
Buffy found her Mom dead on the couch. At first, she shook her Mom's body and called her name. When she realized it wasn't helping, she called 911. The ambulance arrived in record time. It didn't matter, because Buffy's Mom had been dead too long.
Helen had just bought some groceries. She was supposed to walk the groceries home. Unfortunately she had picked up too many heavy items. She couldn't walk so she was stuck at the store. Luckily her friend offered to give her a ride home.
Jen went shopping. While she was walking a black cat cross her path. Jen got really scared. She was very superstitious. She could not sleep the whole night.
The men loved playing with their toy trains. They built tracks and bridges. The model railroads were very intricate systems. The men had great plans for the future. They wanted to expand the railroad across the whole yard.
Tom's Thanksgiving is one to be jealous of. They eat a seven course meal with the entire family. They then proceed to open presents in a Christmas-like fashion! After the presents they grab their desserts. Tom is one lucky guy!
Megan decides her campsite will be nicer with a fire. She decides to make one. She gathers sticks and brush to make the fire. Finally she makes a nice and well controlled campfire. Megan is glad that her campsite is warmer now.
Renee headed out on a home visit for one of her poorest cases. She went to the home of a child who lived with grandparents. Renee looked at the humble house with hodgepodge furnishings. The grandparents hugged their child and thanked Renee for coming. They apologized for wasting her time because they had all they needed.
I really wanted a pet. I looked around, but there were no new puppies in my area. I went to the animal shelter in my car. I looked at all the animals until deciding. I decided to adopt a small yellow lab.
From behind, Charles watched her butt pillow under her skirt. He turned away because he didn't want to be rude. But he had to get a closer look at her booty. He ran up to her, looked, and then walked past. He recognized her, his ex-girlfriend from elementary school.
A prescription forger visited my store's pharmacy. He dropped off a fake prescription to be filled. The pharmacy manager notified the police. The police were waiting when he returned for his medicine. They arrested him when he walked out of the door.
Gage wanted to go camping very badly. He convinced his girlfriend to accompany him. The two of them spent the night in a leaky tent. Gage's girlfriend was very upset with him. When the two returned she broke up with Gage.
During a halftime show, a half-court shot competition was held. My close friend, Dennis, was chosen as one of the competitors. Dennis took his time and eventually missed badly. Although we wished he made it, it was a funny moment. To this day, we jokingly mock him about that moment.
Emily had a cute dog. Her dog's name was Pepper. One day, Pepper got stuck inside a barrel. Emily heard Pepper's barking and came to save him. Emily took Pepper out of the barrell and he was happy.
The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song. No one called in so he began to fabricate requests. The next time he asked for requests a lot of people called in. They said last show was so terrible so the felt the need to call. The radio host was so offended that he hung up on them.
Some deer were in my backyard this morning. Later, I saw them in the neighbor's yard. Then a turkey scared them away. I didn't see the deer again. The turkey spent the night in my shrubs.
I found out when I was young that I had famous relatives. One was a very huge rock star, and we went to see him once. He held me on his lap, but I kept getting down. I didn't like him for some reason, and I was too little to understand. I had no idea I was sitting on the lap of a legend.
Billy was very nervous about giving his report in front of the class. The teacher calls the students one right after another. It is Billy's turn. He nervously finishes his speech. He is very relieved now that he is done.
Tom had just been laid off from his job. The rent was due very soon. Tom didn't have enough money to pay it. He sold his television in order to pay rent that month. Tom couldn't watch TV at home anymore.
Darcy needed to go to the grocery store for some groceries. She unfortunately had no car to drive herself there. She had to call a cab to take her to the grocery store. The cab driver took Darcy to the store and then drove her home. The driver was feeling nice that day and did not charge Darcy at all.
My friend Jay called this week. He was sending over some books. I asked how he was doing this summer. Jay said he had stomach issues all summer and lost 15 pounds. He said his new meds were making him feel better.
Anna's uncle asked her out on his boat. She went to the marina with him. They climbed into his boat. Then he started it up and they were off! Anna had a wonderful day on the water.
Hunter and his friend were walking through a forest trail one day. While walking through the path, they heard a weird noise. A large moose charged at the two of them, and so they hid in a tree. After the noose left, Hunter and his friend walked away very scared. They quickly ran back to their car and never went back to the trail.
Lance is a lifeguard on a beach. He notices a kid drowning. He runs into the ocean. He saves the kid from drowning. Lance is a hero lifeguard.
A group of us traveled to Portugal one summer. I went to a restaurant and asked another what I should have. He suggested the pork, so I ordered it. Not able to recognize what was on my plate, I asked the server. From what I gathered, I had all of the pig's organs on my plate.
I was staying in India for a vacation. My driver suggested I try kumquats. I had never tried a kumquat so I went to the market. I bought some and it was delicious. I tried to take some home but customs confiscated the kumquats!
Cathy needed a new pair of gloves to play golf. She headed to her country club store to buy some. But on her way there, she met Matt who said they were not good. He gave her a different address encouraging her to go there. Cathy tried that new place and was delighted with the prices.
Adam took a walk He then saw a kid by himself. He wasn't sure what to do. Then the kids father shows up. Adam carries on
Matt was in middle school. The school had a dance coming up. He went to it. He tried out new moves. Matt impressed the ladies.
The blaring of the alarm clock jolted Kate out of a peaceful slumber. Her hand shot out from the under the blanket to hit the snooze button. Instead of hitting the clock, her hand dumped over a glass of water. Kate swung her legs over the edge of the bed into a sitting position. It was a less than perfect start to the day.
Bobby and his friends were fascinated by the spooky house on the hill. They dared each other to get close to it. Bobby bravely said he'd look in the window. In the house, Bobby saw an old man eating dinner alone. The house wasn't scary after all.
I was playing golf with a couple friends. I had lost my chipping wedge. We could not find it at our previous holes. I went to the clubhouse. They gave me one for free.
I was sitting on the couch watching my favorite show. Then the phone began to ring from the kitchen. I jumped up and ran to the kitchen to answer the phone. While running I stubbed my toe and the coffee table. I went to the doctor and he said my toe was broken.
Jim never owned a boat before. He decided to buy an old boat from his neighbor. Jim took his boat to the lake. As soon he pushed the boat into the water, it sank immediately. Jim lost his boat to the bottom of the lake.
There was a lot of action near my house last night. A person tried to rob the convenience store. The person ran into my yard to hide from the police. I saw all the lights and police in my yard. Thank god they found the guy.
Anna took her kite to the beach. She worried that she wouldn't have enough wind to fly it. But that turned out not to be a problem! It was very windy and Anna almost lost the kite. But she had a wonderful time flying it!
Joe needed a tie for his formal dinner. But he did not own even one. He asked his dad for help. Joe's dad borrowed him a lovely tie. Joe looked very nice at dinner in his borrowed tie.
My dog laid down beside me in bed. I tried very hard to go back to sleep. She rolled over on me, making it hard to move. She started panting heavily. The loud panting made it impossible to sleep.
Katie has a big test in the morning. She has not studied at all. In order to prepare, Katie decided to pull an all-nighter. The next day, she went to class extremely tired. Luckily, Katie's teacher decided to postpone the test.
The weary worker forced himself to fight the relentless urge to sleep. Snow was forecast on the morrow. Robert Frost was welcome to his woods and miles to go. Here on the mountain, the wood had to be cut, though. Tomorrow's snow was coming without any respect for the holiday.
Zach walked into the store. He saw the wet spot on the floor. He walked up to the wet spot. He proceeded to slip and slide. Because his pain was not convincing, he was cited for fraud.
Joel is just turning 18 years old. He is about to head off to college. He is going to be very sad about moving out. Joel collects all of his stuff for college. He wipes a tear away as he walks out of his parents house.
Roxy and Allan are engaged to be married. They have been engaged for 7 years. Roxy and Alan decided that they've been engaged for too long. They plan for a small wedding. On Christmas day of that year they have their small wedding.
Amelia found a puppy on the side of the road. She brought it home to her apartment to care for it. Her boyfriend was surprised and demanded she get rid of it. She told him no. Amelia was without a boyfriend from then on.
Sally wasn't feeling well. She had bronchitis and pneumonia. Her doctor prescribed her a strong medication. After a few days, Sally was feeling better. She had to take it easy for a week.
My friend came over and we hid Easter eggs. We hid a very special egg with a prize inside. Then we invited all our other friends over to hunt the eggs. Everyone found many eggs, and one friend found the prize. That friend was the happiest of all.
Louisa was at school. She was eating lunch with friends. Everyone had very healthy food. Louisa pulled out her donut snack. Everyone made fun of her for her unhealthy food.
Ben liked to play around with animals. He wasn't the nicest of kids either. He was playing with a dog he thought was well behaved. Just like him, it was not well behaved. The dog bit Ben because he was being rough with him.
Judy's baby was 5 weeks old. He had reflux and almost never slept. Judy felt like a zombie. One night, she handed the baby to her husband and walked out the door. She only made it to the corner before she turned around to go back.
Tim is an avid coffee drinker. When he woke up this morning, his coffee maker was broken. He remembered he had a starbucks gift card. Tim waited in the drive-thru line for 15 minutes. He did not enjoy the coffee that he had bought.
Mary left her packed lunch on the counter. There was a meeting at 1 PM. The manager ordered pizza for the entire group. Mary had a slice of supreme pizza as she prepared for her meeting. Mary was no longer hungry, and didn't eat her packed lunch.
I work hard in the summer. I grow many kinds of berries. In the fall, I get a canning operation going. Today, I will dig out my preserves. That strawberry jam will be delicious!
Jack and Jill want to spice up in their bedroom. So they decide to roleplay with handcuffs. The keys get knocked off the nightstand. The stupid dog eats the keys. They have to get a locksmith to get Jack out of the handcuffs.
Amy saw a fruit at the store she wasn't familiar with. Amy decided to try the new fruit and bought one. She put the fruit on the table and went about her day. Amy forgot she bought the exotic fruit. After 2 weeks the exotic fruit was spoiled and had to be thrown away.
Ike bought a koala bear named Gum Nut. He thought it would be a great pet. But he found that he was very wrong! Gumnut caused all kinds of trouble. Soon Ike put him up for sale.
Ken needed to cash a check. When he got to the bank it was closing. They refused to stay open longer for him. Ken was late to pay rent because of it. He switched banks the following week.
Sara felt pressured to gain weight. Her doctor said she was an unhealthy weight. So she ate larger portions for every meal. After a month, Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy. Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later.
Jo smelled something horrible in her house. She searched everywhere for the source. She couldn't figure out what it was. She finally checked her brother's gym bag. It was his stinky shoes.
Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage. He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people. Books weren't enough, so he journeyed to Iran to study. While there, he fell in love with a beautiful Arab girl. Now she is his wife and helps him practice Farsi every day!
She was supposed to be at work but was at home sick. She had nothing else to do but to flip through the channels. One channel was playing Christmas movies. She liked those kinds of movies but not at this time of year. To be thinking of Christmas in July made her feel very depressed.
The bunny ate some grass. It did not see the eagle. The eagle picked up the bunny. The eagle carried the bunny up high. The eagle dropped the bunny to it's death.
Stripley Bobipley worked at an electronics factory. He'd arrive, put on his clean room attire, and work. When he was eating lunch, he saw a man about to jump from the roof. Stripley tried to swallow his sandwich to yell at him, but gagged. Luckily the factory had anti-suicide nets, and the man was fine.
Tim got his latest internet bill. The price was twice as normal. Tim called to complain. They told him his promotional pricing had ended. Tim threatened to cancel and got it back.
Bobby's watch broke. Bobby decided that he would fix it himself. Bobby watched videos online to learn how to do it. Bobby concluded that it would be much too difficult for him. Bobby brought his watch to a repair professional.
A rock was loose in the curb. A truck came along and knocked it from the curb. The rock now lay in the middle of the street. Another car came along and ran it over. The rock caused the car to get a flat tire.
Lucy the puppy came running into the house, frightened. She barked and barked at her owner. There was a scary sound outside and Lucy was afraid. Her owner got up and looked outside, there was a chirping sound. Lucy's owner laughed and hugged her, Lucy was afraid of Frogs!
Ben wanted a cake for his birthday. He had no friends, so he decided to make his own. He baked it from a box mix. Then he decorated it himself. Ben was pleased with his birthday cake.
I saved up money for a long time. I wanted to buy a nice sailboat. I went to a boat dealership. I got a good deal on a nice sailboat. I took the boat out on the lake and felt happy.
Harry wanted to have a video game party. He asked a few of his friends. Some of his friends said they could come. They set up the games. They played the whole night.
Stanley Strangling was the world record holder for climbing stairs. A meet was on and he boasted confidence in his ability. In their jealousy, his competitors tried to hurt his legs. Stranley's legs, though battered, still carried him through. Now none may stand against the stairmaster.
I ended up leasing a Hyundai Accent a few years ago. It is light blue, and has great gas mileage. I mainly use it for work, and sometimes out of town trips. It has turned out to be a reliable car. If I end up having to buy another car, I will buy a Hyundai.
I had to take a pill. I swallowed it. I realized it was the wrong pill. I felt sick for a few hours. I realized I needed to be more careful about taking pills.
Steve found a rubber band on the floor in the office. He put it around his wrist to save it for later. When he stretched it over his hand it began to break. The rubber band snapped and broke. Stuve threw the remains in the trash.
Carly went to her first swimming lesson. She was very scared because she had never swam before. The teacher helped her into the water. The water was so cool and refreshing. Carly had so much fun and couldn't wait until her next lesson!
My friend is good at playing the harp. One day, I tried to play it. I broke a string and panicked. When he saw what I did he was not mad. He told me that he breaks strings everyday.
My 2 year old cousin was eating an apple. He walked around between everyone at the party. He started coughing and choking. Everyone panicked and started hitting him on the back. He eventually spit out the apple piece.
It was Jordan's birthday. Her and her friends were playing mini golf to celebrate. They weren't having a lot of fun. Instead, they decided to play hide and seek on the course. They played like that until someone asked them to leave.
Gill was in the hospital. He had a bad infection. He was limited to his visitors. Gill's health started to improve. The doctors allowed people to visit him.
My family always went on a real hunt for the right Christmas tree. We would make an evening of it. We would transit from lot to lot, sometimes up to six or more. Us kids loved it because we would play at all of the lots. Our parents loved it because they got to find the best deal.
Miranda was pregnant with a few more months to go. She was at a doctor's appointment when they noticed some contractions. Her doctor sent her over to the emergency room just to be safe. They hooked her up to some monitors, fearing for the worst. Luckily she only had a few small ones and seemed to be fine.
The other day I went to the pool by myself. I was surprised to see all my friends when I got there. They had brought popsicles with them. They let me have some of their popsicles. What a great day we had at the pool.
Hugo got a job as a bellhop. He was not very good at it however. He was supposed to bring towels to a room. But he forgot to. So he lost his job.
Sam lost his dog. He kept hoping it would return. He set up flyers to find him. Eventually someone called. They had bad news about Sam's dog.
Dan needed a new fishing shirt. Though it wasn't necessary, he decided to buy one anyway. He found the perfect one at his favorite store. He purchased it and took it home. When his wife found it, she was not happy.
Tim loved a cartoon. It got cancelled. He would constantly want to watch more. His parents found online episodes. Tim watched it for a longer time.
Chris wanted to make his girlfriend a cake. He decided on red velvet since that was her favorite. He put all of his love into the cake. He even wrote a small message with icing. She loved the cake that Chris made for her.
My mom brought home a loose cat one day. We didn't know if she was house trained. We kept her in the bathroom until we were sure. The next morning, there was cat poop, but only in the trashcan. We named the polite cat Trashcan and kept her for a long time.
Tanya was nervous. Today was her big interview. She walked into the office and sat down. She answered all the questions. She left the room feeling great, like she had nailed it.
Liz had a very dirty car. Her boyfriend often made fun of her. She finally decided to wash it last Tuesday. She went to the car wash and got started. By the end it looked different and her boyfriend liked it.
Larry was jealous of his neighbor's green grass. One day Larry asked his neighbor how his grass was so lush and green. His neighbor suggested that Larry use a certain fertilizer. Larry bought the fertilizer and applied it. Larry's grass grew lush and green like his neighbor's.
I saw my old friend Joe today on the bench. He just turned 99 and is slowing down. He used to walk but is now being pushed in a transport chair. He said he just come back from the doctor and felt ok. I waved goodbye as his daughter picked him up for lunch.
Jessie was trying to watch a video on her phone. But the video kept buffering and wouldn't load. Jessie shook the phone several times, and threw it in frustration. She ran to pick up her phone, and saw a large crack on her screen. There was no fixing her phone, and Jessie regretted her quick temper.
Last weekend we went to the beach. It was an hour long drive to get there. When we got there, it was pretty packed. We found a spot and spent all day there. The kids were exhausted and fell asleep on the way home.
Elena loved to play with dolls. She dressed them every day. She brushed their hair. She put them to bed at night. She enjoyed pretending to be a mother.
Amy's new boyfriend proudly showed her his house. She did not think it was very impressive. Amy wondered where he lived in the past. She asked him to show her his previous apartment. He told her that he had actually lived in a tent until recently.
I went to the cafe last Saturday to get some work done. People kept walking by and tripping on my power cord. They looked at me oddly, as if I was a problem for them. As a solution, I used my laptop battery and unplugged from the wall. Now I can use any cafe which is available, and not worry about trips.
Tom was going to take his yearbook picture. It was his senior year so he tried to look good. Unfortunately the photographer took it while he was making a face. Tom wound up looking weird and creepy in his picture. He asked them to change it but they couldn't.
Kathy was moved to tears. The ballet she'd watched was beautiful and amazing! She clapped when it was over. She had never seen anything so beautiful! She bought tickets for the next ballet as well.
When our season ended coach told us to stay in football shape. I left with good intentions to stay in shape. However, I sat around and ate junk food in the living room. I showed up to our first practice of the season in terrible shape. I did not make the football team.
Oliver wanted to get a pet. He told his parents and they agreed to let him try a fish, first. He was really excited when his fish arrived. He decided to make a chart to remember to take care of him. He ended up doing really well and earning his parent's trust.
Everyday Mary had the same routine. Until one day she was running late. She ran into a man she had never seen before in the elevator. He was very cute and she blushed looking at him. From then on she was late everyday so she could see him.
Sarah always ate the same kind of food. She started to be bored with her food choices. So, during her next shopping trip, she purchased something different. She bought delicious, Japanese sushi. After this, Sarah vowed to make more exciting food choices.
I met a new boy at the library today. He said it was nice to meet me. I shook his hand, but it was sticky like syrup. I pulled my hand away. I don't shake hands anymore.
Cindy did not have much money. She bought a trailer as a place to live. The trailer was tiny and run down. Living there meant Cindy could save a lot of money. After several years, she could buy a much nicer house.
A man went to an advertising agency to promote his product. The advertising man called his best musician to help. The musician spent all day writing a jingle. The jingle was played on radio and TV for days. As a result,  the product sold in great quantities.
Brittany loved to decorate her house. She decorated it in all Hello Kitty. Her boyfriend hated the decorations. He left Brittany for another woman. Brittany is now all alone.
Neil had just checked into his Japanese hotel. To his surprise, he had no bed! Instead, he was given a rolled-up tatami mat. They also gave him slippers to wear indoors. Neil thought Japanese hotels were very strange indeed!
A man set up a hummingbird feeder in his yard. He watched it for months, but never saw a hummingbird use it. He grew sad, and decided to take the feeder down. When he did, though, he made a discovery. He'd never actually put any sugar water in it.
It has been getting colder outside. The forecast called for snow. Later in the day, it snowed quite a bit. The kids were excited to go outside and play in the snow. The first snow is beautiful and makes people happy.
JAke had started a new business. He wanted to start to build microphones. He advertised on social media. He gave out some business cards. The company has started out well so far.
Rebecca was watching television. She got bored with the show and wanted to change the channel. She tried to grab the remote but it dropped on the ground. The remote changed the channel to the golf channel. Rebecca was mad but she fell asleep from the golf show.
Rene was reading a good book. She put a bookmark in. Unfortunately the bookmark fell out. Rene couldn't find her place. It took her an hour to find it.
My dad has never been able to see well. He really needed new glasses but we couldn't afford them. After I got my paycheck one week I took him to an eye doctor! I decided it was time for him to get new glasses. After the doctor we went and got his new glasses, that I paid for.
I caught a tuna fish today. It was the biggest fish I had ever seen. The fish weighed more than I did. We had it cut up and packaged. We'll be eating tuna steaks for awhile.
Tony was hoping to have his new pizza shop open soon. He spent a few days gathering all the hardware. A few days before the opening, his fridge died. He bought a ton of coolers, storing the food inside of them. The next day, he was able to be open on time and selling pizza.
A soldier rolled the cannon to a hill. He pointed it far in the distance at the enemy. The enemy saw the cannon and began to scatter. The soldier aimed his shot and fired. The cannon ball took out half of the enemy soldiers.
Swen found that his travels had helped him as a taxi driver. People loved listening to him and his great knowledge of the world. When he got a client who was also a Suede, he had a blast. He finally had someone who could talk to him about his home. And in the end, Swen got paid for listening instead of talking.
I went to Las Vegas last year. I went with some friends to play poker. We loved playing poker while we were there. My friends are very good and they won a lot of money. I lost a lot of money, but I still had a lot of fun playing.
Gina's friend Tami encouraged her to talk to Jamie. She had had a crush on him for 2 years. What would happen if she spoke to him and he didn't like her. He may stop talking to, or entirely avoid her. Gina decided it was not in her best interest.
Doing laundry is Joe's least favorite activity. He usually lets it pile up until he has nothing clean! His girlfriends always nag him about it. Joe lives alone so he figures it's only his business. Then his girlfriend moved in and always did the wash for him.
Helen needed a haircut. She went to the beauty salon. It was crowded with customers. Helen waited a long time in the salon. Finally, she got the haircut that she wanted.
Amy was confused by the changing weather. Sure it was getting into Spring. The weather was changing every day from cold to warm. She had trouble figuring out what to wear. Amy just wanted the weather to stay at one temperature.
My city is full of wildlife. I saw a family of possums near the sidewalk on night. They quickly ran to the drain to hide. When I walked over one started hissing. It was so creepy, I avoid opossums whenever I see them.
Kyle had decided to teach his cat how to walk on a leash. That way he could take it for walks around the city. He went to the pet store and bought a leash and collar. The cat did not fight him at all when he put the collar on. They go for walks twice a day with no problems.
I saw a sign advertising fresh eggs. I pulled over, curious. I purchased a dozen of the eggs. I took them home and cooked them. Everyone agreed that they tasted better than store bought.
Charles notices that his kitchen is messy. He decides he should sweep the floor. Charles uses a broom to sweep up his kitchen. When he is finished it is much cleaner. Charles is happy that his kitchen is no longer messy.
Abigail had been using the same phone for three years. One day it finally broke for good. She didn't know where to start with a new phone. Her brother recommended her some brands. Luckily, she found a great new phone that she loved.
Amy was going on a trip. She packed all her bags. She set her alarm. She woke up in the next morning ready to go. Amy took off in her car.
Amy had to meet an important deadline at work. She was nervous because there was still so much work to do. Amy worked through the night to finish. The next morning she handed it in on time. The boss was impressed by her level of commitment.
We had a class field trip to the local shoe factory. When we got there, I saw my neighbor, who was the manager. He showed us how they made the shoes in his factory. At the end of the tour, he gave us all stamped pieces of leather. I took mine home, but because I'm ASD, I chewed mine up.
Kate went berry-picking with her friend. They drove to an orchard in the country. There, they picked baskets full of berries. Kate took hers home and made smoothies for weeks. Her fresh-picked berries were delicious!
Gary was outside geocaching. He found the spot underneath a rock. He opened up the box there to see what was inside. To his surprise, he noticed a note from a friend of his. It turned out that his friend also geo-cached and had been here.
Nate selected five classes for his class schedule in the fall. He's been studying intensively for the past few weeks. His mom noticed his exhaustion and told him to drop a few classes. However, he refused to drop any classes. He was kicked out of the honors program since his GPA fell.
Charles was turning 50. He invited all his friends over for a party. Everyone showed up and had a great time. Charles was sad that he was getting older. But he felt great about his wonderful friends.
Anne was done cycling her fish tank. She needed new fish now. She went to the pet store. Then she selected her new fish. She couldn't wait to bring them home!
Today at my job, an old man brought in a fryer he wanted to return. The box had blood smears all over it, so I told him no. He demanded to speak to my manager. I explained the situation to my manager, who said the same thing. When we came back, the man had a paper towel trying to clean the box.
Fred was missing his glasses. He made an appointment with the eye doctor. The appointment was in the morning. Fred drove the doctor that morning. His doctor prescribed him new glasses.
Ron was writing as fast as he could. The test was a lot longer than he expected. He had studied all term and wanted to get as much in as he could. Later that week he received the highest results in his class. His parents took him out to dinner to celebrate.
I rolled over in bed. I thought I felt something pull the blankets. I screamed loudly, panicking. I heard laughter under the bed. My son was playing a prank on me.
Sam wanted to learn soccer. He had his friend teach him how to kick. Sam practiced everyday. Sam tried out for the city's soccer team. Sam made the team because of all of the practice!
Lisa stepped outside and heard a meow. She found a kitten under the porch. She took it inside and fed it. She hoped her Mom would let her keep it. Her Mom said she could keep the kitten.
Trish worked at an ice cream parlor after school. Whenever she got a tip, she was required to sing a song to the tipper. Every time this happened, she felt embarrassed. One day, a cute boy gave her a tip. She blushed, and was nervous, but sang her heart out, anyway.
Ida wanted to be on the swim team. She tried out, but she did not make the team. The coach told Ida to practice and try again next year. She followed his instructions. The next year, I finally made the swim team!
My daughter was struggling with her math class. She brought some difficult homework home. We both worked on it for several hours. She began to understand the material. She got a good grade on her assignment.
Kick the can was all of the neighbor kids favorite game on my block. We would stay out until the street lights came on playing it. The adults never understood why we liked it so much. All the adults except Nana, that is. Nana would hide behind her hedges and chase us with her false teeth!
Sally was jumping rope this morning. Sam asked Sally to teach him how to jump rope. They spent the afternoon in the driveway jumping rope. Sam is pretty good now. Sally says he is almost as good as her.
Jude was always a big guy with big muscles. He wished he didn't look so scary and decided to learn to dance. It was awkward at first, but he persevered. When it was time for the recital, he invited his friends. They were very touched to see he was a sensitive guy underneath.
Tim went to a dance club with his friends. They left the dance club. Tim found a 100 dollar bill on the ground. Tim picked it up. Tim paid for his friends meal after they left the dance club.
Jenna loved animals. Growing up she always had several pets. She cared for each of them as much as she could. She fed them, washed them, and loved them. So she took that passion and made it into her profession.
Once I went hiking in Virginia. I saw another hiker and their dog was barking at something. It turned out that he found a rattlesnake. I was shocked and fearful since I had never seen a rattlesnake before. It was there I decided to turn around since I was scared.
Last week I caught a huge blue clawed crab in a canal in our back yard I was fishing with some leftover turkey liver. I reeled in the crab, thinking that perhaps it was a turtle. My dog was curious about the crab. It grabbed her lip with it's claw and she screamed!
Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned. He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water. While swimming out in the pond, Henry felt a tug on his leg. He looked down and saw that his leg was caught on a plant. He struggled for a long time, but finally got free and swam away.
Julia started Kindergarten with no idea of how to read. After many weeks of struggling, she started to read fluidly. Julia's teacher said she was the most talented person in class. She was soon placed in the Gifted and Talented program. Julia now reads at least one book per day.
Edward had always wanted to be a hunter. He was very good with the bow and arrow. One day he decided that he was going to hunt. He was able to get a lot of animals and impress many hunters. Now he is able to hunt as a job.
Richie didn't have his morning coffee. He felt grumpy at work. He screamed at his boss for no apparent reason. Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee. He went to apologize to his boss.
Jake is making ice cream for his girlfriend. Jake is working hard making the ice cream. When Jake finished making the ice cream he put it in a cone. He served the ice cream cone to his girlfriend. Jake's girlfriend didn't like the ice cream and Jake was upset.
My friend has two cats, and they're not very alike. The white cat is friendly, but the orange cat is mean. I try to stay away from the orange cat. One day, the orange cat was really nice to me. Over time, even mean cats can warm up to people.
John loved to eat corn. He would eat corn almost every single day. One day, he ate all of his corn. John had to rush to the store and buy more. Finally, John was able to eat more corn and be happy.
George recently moved into a new house. He lived there for a month without meeting his neighbors. One day, he came home to see their cars parked in his driveway. He knocked on the door to ask them to move their cars. They told him to go away and stop bothering them.
Mike wanted to be a singer. But he struggled in his singing class. His friend had an auto tune program for him to try. And Mike was happy with the results. He quit his singing class and focused on producing electronic music.
Amy loved visiting at her cousin's house each summer. She loved their chic decor and the escape from her strict home. Here, Amy was allowed to eat what and where she wanted. Alone in the living room, Amy spilled a grape soda on the white sofa. She flipped the cushion over and didn't say a word about it.
Ethan visited the pharmacy today. He ordered a brand new set of diapers. The cashier asked him to pay the fee. However, Ethan found out that his entire wallet was empty. Although he felt embarrassed, he quickly drove back home.
Beth was very interested in horoscopes. She visited a fortune teller who talked about the Zodiac. Beth was mesmerized by what the psychic was saying. Beth enjoyed hearing about her zodiac. Beth had a great time learning about her horoscope.
The boy kicked the rock. The rock came loose. It fell down a hill side. Someone was walking up the hill. The rock almost hit them.
Eddie liked to be outside being adventurous. He bought a dune buggy to drive around the desert. He drove it so fast! It threw dust into the air and made tracks in the sand. Eddie had a great adventure.
Anthony needed five hundred dollars for rent. He recorded an advertisement on a party-line asking for a roommate. Two gay guys responded and Anthony took their move-in money. The gay guys were bullies who stopped paying rent and changed locks. The day Anthony tried to move, he couldn't open his front door.
Ronnie worked at a train station. He was responsible for fixing and maintaining the rails. During work one day, he noticed a large crack in one of the rails. Just to be safe, he pulled up the entire track to inspect. He was glad that he did, as they were all gravely deteriorated.
Annabelle was a sweet girl who loved to draw. She drew on everything, from walls to paper! One day someone told her she should enter an art contest. She worked and worked and drew the best picture she ever had. Soon all her hard work paid off and she won the art show!
The boy liked to wear crazy things. His favorite was his wizard hat. He got lots of comments about it. One day, he was wearing it downtown. A bus driver stopped the bus to tell him he liked it!
Maria was not especially religious. But when her mom died she started praying a lot. She'd stay in contemplation for hours at a time. Until one day she felt the presence of her mother by her side. She smiled and thanked God for making her wish come true.
Kevin was new in college and tried to join a frat. He thought a frat would ensure he always had friends to hang out with. But the frat brothers made him get drunk and sick when pledging! Angry, he joined an anti-drinking group on campus. That group became his best friends, and they hung out often!
My nephew moved in with his girlfriend in 2006. They lived in a third floor apartment. One wintery day he slipped on the top step. He went down a flight of steps and broke his ankle. He was out of work for six weeks.
Samantha liked soup more than anything. She asked for it this past Saturday. It was her birthday that day. Her friends came over for pizza to celebrate. But they were saddened when they found out it was only soup that day.
Joe's birthday was tomorrow. He was excited because he was going with his cousins to Las Vegas. Joe woke up eat some breakfast and waited for his cousins to pick him. They picked Joe up and drove to Las Vegas. They arrived to Vegas hours later and Joe was excited.
Amy was helping her mother prepare Thanksgiving dinner. It was the first year she was old enough to help. She placed the turkey tray in the oven and closed the door. Three hours later her mother informed her the oven was still off. The family had chicken for dinner instead.
Jake and Tim were playing video games. They were tied. All of a sudden Jake's character froze. His controller's batteries had died. Tim still considered it a victory.
Samantha wanted a hot date with her boyfriend Jake. She decided to cook his favorite dish, spaghetti carbonara. While frying the pancetta, Samantha set Jake's apartment on fire. Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives. Jake dumped Samantha, but she got asked on a date by a fireman.
John wanted to try a different cuisine. He discussed it with his wife. The decide on Greek food. They both had a gyro and got sick. They won't try Greek again
The Oakland Raiders will be back this season. They have a solid offensive line and a star quarterback. With Denver taking a step back, Oakland should win their division. They have an easy schedule and face no real challenges. With pro football a month away, this is the Raider's year.
Kevin always enjoyed going to the beach and loved marine life. One day while collecting sea shells he found an injured baby seal. He took it home for shelter and cared for it and its wounds. Kevin named it Andre and kept him for a couple of days. Once Andre was better Kevin took him to a local aquarium.
Joey woke up late for work. After arriving to work his boss yelled at him. On his way home from work he spilled soda all over his shirt. At dinner joey's girlfriend broke up with him. It was the worst day ever for Joey.
Taylor works as a tailor in the city. She has many clients who she works for. She specializes in tailoring suits. One of her clients loves her very much. Taylor goes on a date with him.
Joey is a thief who has been stealing from houses. He enters a large home expecting to not get caught tonight. This home thankfully had a guard dog inside to protect its family. After a minute inside the home, Joey was attacked by the dog. The dog was able to scare Joey off and keep the family safe.
Tim exercised all of his life. He began to find exercising boring. He felt that it was missing something. He then took up hiking as a hobby. He found his passion and went hiking often soon thereafter.
Jude was determined to bring his math grade up to an A. He hired a tutor. He studied every day for an extra hour. When the test day came, Jude was ready. He got his test back and made an A.
Billy went to a mini golf park with friends. He had a good time with his friends. He accidentally dropped his iced drink while he was there. He told his friends they should do this again sometime. Billy went home and went to bed.
Eli and his friends were watching an action movie. But Eli quickly got bored. After the movie, his friends were praising it. But Eli didn't seem to care. He decided to go watch a love movie by himself.
Anna was always buying gallons of milk that she couldn't finish. Then she had to buy fresh ones when she craved milk. This time she decided to be smarter. At the store, she passed the gallons of milk. She selected a much smaller quart bottle instead!
Kana and her mom were camping. They were having fun - but Kana was hungry. She wished she could cook s'mores or wieners! In the end, she gave up and walked to the camp store. There, she bought - and devoured - a grilled cheese sandwich!
Liza was babysitting her niece. She left her in her bedroom for a nap. When she went to check on her, her niece was not in bed. She had gotten into Liza's makeup. Liza had to laugh when she saw how much she had put on.
Monty's mom let him make his own bear. He picked out everything for his new friend. When it came time to stuff him, he wanted him extra snuggly. He put as much stuffing inside as he could fit. Then his new bear's clothes barely fit him.
Carly was upset when her wedding photographer failed to show up. She was resourceful, and she came up with a plan. Carly got all of her friends together before the wedding ceremony. She asked all of her friends to take photos with their smart phones. Carly ended up getting amazing wedding photos from her friends.
Karen was worried about her daughter Sue's diet. It seemed as if Sue was becoming dangerously thin. Karen began to suspect that Sue was anorexic. Karen took Sue to an eating disorder specialist. The treatment was effective and soon Sue was eating normally.
Denise received a promotion at her secondary job. She received this promotion by being deceitful and dishonest. Many of her coworkers noticed this and became very concerned. One brave man finally stood up to her and informed the supervisors. The dishonest woman was reprimanded and fired soon after.
Tameka, who is 6, was afraid to join the girl scouts. She thought she would be left in the woods. Her father told her joining the girl scouts would make her brave. Tameka joined the girl scouts and stayed a member. After high school she joined the military because of her experience.
When I was in 9th grade my Biology teacher was very relaxed. Every day he let people nap in his class if they were tired. He didn't mind that they slept as long as they got good grades. Eventually his students started doing badly on tests. After that happened he no longer allowed sleeping in his class!
Sam was always good at math. He struggled with it at college, though. It had gotten much harder. Sam decided to go to tutoring. It helped him catch up tremendously.
Melody was cooking for the first time for her new husband. Melody worked hard all day and followed the recipe. Melody served the meal to her new husband. He husband smiled and said it was the best meal he ever had. Melody tasted it and knew he was lying but smiled anyway.
I was really hungry. There were no stores nearby. I had no food. My neighbor brought over fresh bread. I happily ate the delicious bread.
The prisoner placed the gag in her mouth. She strapped it around her head. She knew what was coming. She was beaten severely. She screamed through the gag.
Woody's woman cheated on him with another man. Woody found out and confronted her. Woody's woman became angry and told him to move out! So he packed his bags and drove back to Michigan where he was from. Now Woody has a broken heart and cries every day.
Rachel Walker loved Bogginton. It was a winding, twisty city. While wandering the streets one day, she found a kitten. The kitten was on the brink of death, so she did CPR on it. The kitten still lives today with Rachel.
Greg went to visit his mom. She was in the hospital. He sat and chatted with her. She was feeling better. He hoped she'd be released soon.
A blind man was walking across the street. On the other hand, another man was running in the same direction. He accidentally bumped into the blind man, but still ran. The blind man ended up walking in a different way. A car ended up bumping him since he walked towards it.
Robert wanted to be a police officer. He went to school for eight Years to become one. He heard there were job openings available for police officers. He signed the application. He instantly got accepted because of his education.
Joe needed one more out to win the baseball game. His team was up by one run. The batter that Joe is facing is the team's best hitter. Joe just needed one more strike. Joe threw a fastball and the hitter swung and missed.
Last night I was searching for the perfect meal. I couldn't figure out what to have. Finally I decided to make buffalo chicken. The food was delicious. I was beyond happy
We have a neighbor that is extremely annoying in many ways. Last 4th of July, this neighbor shot off fireworks until midnight. This loud display went on for three nights, terrifying our dog. We politely asked our neighbor to stop the noise 3 days after the 4th. The man cussed out my husband, challenging him to a fist fight.
Janet asked me out today. Since she always have a mean attitude, I refused. The next day, she got together with my friend. However, my friend ended up getting punched by her. He ended up with a black eye.
I went to New York City. It was a great trip to learn my pageant routine. I got to stay on Broadway and meet with a choreographer. I tap danced and practiced. I then flew back home.
The man went to Germany. He didn't want to look like a tourist. He went to a traditional clothing shop. He put on an outfit he bought. He still looked like a tourist.
Sarah loved to go shopping. She was at her local mall. Sarah was shopping for new shoes. She found a pair that she liked for $300. She bought the shoes with her father's credit card.
Andrew was having friends over for drinks. But Andrew had no beer. So he drove to the store. He found the biggest pack of his favorite beer and got it. Him and his friends had a good night drinking beer.
Daniel's mother was determined to see him marry well. She set up a blind date for him with the governor's daughter. Daniel went out dancing with friends instead of on the date. While out dancing he met Darlene who was a poor man's daughter. Eventually they married, causing his mother many years of sorrow.
Kate intended to work from home while on extended vacation. But the laptop she bought online was late. She needed to do something to make money till it arrived. She thought about working on her mom's computer. She turned it on to find it was useless because it had viruses.
Dan was going to be in trouble if his parent saw his report card. He went to his homeroom teacher to attempt to stop him from mailing it He offered to take the report card to his mother instead. To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before. Dan ran all the way home hoping to get there before his parents.
The gavel rang out across the room after the sentence was given. Murmurs began to erupt into yells. The gavel rang down again, and the judge yelled for order. They had convicted me, the town mayor, of witchcraft. I could feel the sharp bristles of the rope tighten around my neck.
He wasn't who I thought he would be. Instead of healing my heart, he broke it further. He spoke cruel words every day. He abused me and made me feel worthless. I began to wish I wasn't alive.
At Jo's office was a Christmas tree with presents for each worker. Jo saw her present was a tiny box. She found the biggest present and switched the name tags. Jo's boss looked confused when a co-worker opened her gift. Inside was a generous gift certificate, while the big box held a gag.
In 1973 I worked in a table tennis factory. It was a summer job. I packed paddles into a box. I also glued handles. I left in September to go back to school.
Joe was walking outside his apartment. Then, a dirty and tagless cat followed him. Joe was moved to give it a bath. Joe and the stray began to like each other. Joe and the cat were both happy to share a home.
Nina type the last word with anticipation. As soon as she was done, she jumped up and down. She went to the cupboard to find a flute of champagne. She opened the bottle of sparkling wine she had bought. And drank to the success of her first finished novel.
Jasper had always wanted a pet. He decides to get a dog. Jasper takes her dog on a walk every day. His dog is the perfect pet. Jasper is happy he got a pet.
Ky's parents thought he watched too much TV. They wanted him to get out and make more friends! Ky made a deal with them- he could watch 2 hours of TV every day. In return, he would join one extracurricular club in school. Both parties agreed, and everyone was happy with the arrangement!
Adelaide had saved fifty years of National Geographics in her cellar. She thought they would be worth a lot of money. Her kids were too kind to point out all the mildew on them. Adelaide proudly divided up the National Geographics in her will. After she died, her children were sad to throw them in the dumpster.
Lora was adding her expenses for every month. She was spending more money than she made. She decided to cut off her internet. She didn't want to. She had enough money for her expenses.
The family is planning a night away from the house. They are going out to eat. They pick their favorite restaurant which is The Golden Corral. They eat until their bellies are full with delicious food. The family had a great time together.
There was a horse that crashed into a tree. It's owners were very surprised. They had a vet look at it. It turned out the horse had bad eyes. The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses.
Often deer came into the Jones' yard in the fall. One evening near dusk, Mister Jones let the dog out for a few minutes. When he opened the door to get the dog back in, he was surprised. A few yards from the house, the dog was playing with another animal. It was a small deer that seemed to think it was a dog, too.
Every morning, Jill sneezed and coughed. But she didn't know what caused it. She cleaned up everything in her house. But it didn't go away. After buying an air purifier, however, her problems went away.
Sam was working hard. He didn't realize how late it had gotten. Ha had to have clocked out hours prior. His boss got upset at him. Sam got written up and reprimanded.
Tom was an avid cyclist. He wanted to take a long road trip with his bike. He packed his bags and began riding. He had fun exploring the state. He had a unique and wonderful experience while cycling the state.
Ora had to milk the cows every morning on her parents' farm. She grumbled about getting up so early every day. But then her dad explained that without milk, they'd suffer. There'd be no cheese, no butter - and no homemade ice cream! Ora realized how important her morning chores really were.
My roommate bought a new waffle maker! We went to the store to get waffle mix and all the fixings. We made banana waffles, chocolate chip waffles and strawberry waffles. We invited our neighbors over to help us eat them all. We made a huge mess but the waffle party was worth it!
The kids were learning about farming. They went to a dairy farm. They all learned how to milk a cow. They drank a glass of the fresh milk. They had learned a lot about where their dairy products came from!
My brother-in-law took me to Niagara Falls once. We did not bring any ponchos, but we decided to take the ferry. As we got closer to the falls, we got very wet. Everyone on the ferry was laughing at us. Now we know to bring ponchos when we go on the ferry to the falls.
Dan was driving home from work. All of a sudden the car in front of him slammed on his brakes. Dan didn't have enough time to react. He slammed into the back of the car. They had to file a police report and change insurance information.
Jules made spaghetti for her boyfriend. She was proud of herself for completing the recipe. Her boyfriend said it was delicious. Jules finally tasted it and it was good. She was so happy that dinner turned out well.
Tony was at his grandmother's house. His grandmother fixed him a sandwich. Tony's grandmother put mustard on the sandwich. Tony didn't like mustard. He didn't eat the sandwich.
I bought a new house the other day. The process of buying it was long and hard. Finally I closed on the house. Tomorrow I am moving all my things in. I can't wait to be done moving into my new house.
Jo sat down to make a paper mosaic for art. She meticulously cut small squares of different colors of paper. Then, she started arranging the squares to make an intricate design. Jo opened the glue to start pasting the squares in place. The glue fumes made her sneeze and the papers went flying.
Randy is playing football. Randy is running hard. Randy falls down. Randy breaks his leg. Randy leaves the game with a broken leg.
My niece is a nursing student. One of her classes is on computing medical dosages. She was doing her homework in her bedroom. Her cat came over and sat on her papers. She took a photo for Snapchat.
My friend Jim had a bbq on July 4, 2001. He had a lot of firefighter friends come. One of the firefighters got into a fight with another. He had to be restrained, and left early. Things calmed down afterward.
Ryan fell behind in his math class. He could not understand what they were learning in class. His parents decided to hire a private tutor. He spent three hours learning with his tutor twice a week. After a month, Ryan is already ahead of his class.
Jimmy got a new computer for Christmas. He installed many games and played with it for hours. Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus. Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer. Now Jimmy has to share a computer with his sister.
Gina and her class had to write speeches. Gina decided she would use dolphins as a topic. But so had her friend Mary. Gina wanted to make sure her speech would be as good as Mary's. She realized she had better do her research.
Hayden walked across the street. He got hit by a car. He flew through the air. The driver called an ambulance. Hayden got forty stitches.
Kevin and his older sister Laura were washing dishes. Kevin's job was to dry them after Laura washed. Laura bet her young brother that she would finish before him. Kevin accepted the bet and dried the dishes as fast as possible. Kevin got angry while waiting for her to wash the last dish.
Erica has always liked to dress formally for any occasion. Her friends encouraged her to dress more casually sometimes. Finally she agrees to buy a pair of jeans for the weekend. She loves the way she looks in her new jeans. Erica wishes she hadn't always been so formal.
Edna wanted her grown son to get married. She placed an ad in the newspaper one day. Two young women came to the house, but her son refused to meet them. He told his mother to leave him alone. Six months later, he met a woman, and they got married.
I ordered a new shower curtain. I was looking for one that was unique. I looked in several stores online. I finally settled for one of our favorite baseball team. I purchased it and am waiting for it to arrive.
Kelly was sweating. She decided to take a dip in the pool. It was so cool and refreshing! She swam until dinner time. She was happy she'd escaped the heat for a bit.
Kim was looking forward to going on a cruise for a very long time. When she finally had the opportunity, the seas were very rough. Kim felt sick and couldn't eat any of the delicious food they served. She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed. Kim didn't get discouraged, she is looking forward to her next cruise!
After my physics classes ended, someone walked towards me. I eventually realized that he's one of my middle school friends. We took a few minutes to update each other with how we're doing. I also met an old high school friend an hour later. Before the day ended, I took their phone numbers to reach them again.
Rob had a new Nintendo system. He played for hours a day. He was determined to save the Princess in Super Mario brothers. After months of game play he beat the game. The next day he bragged to all his jealous friends.
Jessica wanted to get her ears pierced, but her parents said no. Jessica decided to try to pierce her ears herself. She ended up with a bad infection in her earlobes. Jessica realized she should have listened to her parents. She would never try something like that again!
Charlie was on summer vacation from school. She had her lifeguard and pool safety certifications. She applied at the local theme park. The park was impressed with her credentials and immediately hired her. She spent her first paycheck on sunblock and a new bathing suit.
Tyrone applies for his dream job at a music company. He gets a call for an interview. He goes to the interview and believes he did well. A few days later he gets a call from the company. They tell Tyrone the job is his.
My aunt bought my brother and I ducklings on Easter as kids. We were so excited to see and play with them daily. The next day, we hurried over to my aunt's house to play with them. Upon arrival, we soon realized that they were dead with ants on them. It was my first lesson in pet death, and we were so sad.
Tom was driving to the sea with his kayak one day. He got out of his car and began to set up on the shore. Tom began rowing his kayak on the sea and felt a strong current. The current sucked Tom's boat further into the sea so Tom jumped ship. When Tom got to the shore, he did not see his boat anywhere.
I decided to start a non-profit. As the CEO, I paid myself fifty percent of all donations. The public found out how much I was paying myself. Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines! I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit.
Jenny and Dave started dating in college. Soon after graduation they married and moved to Arizona. Now they are expecting their first child. All of their college friends made a road trip to Arizona to celebrate. Jenny and Dave will really be surprised when they get home from work!
Pete worked as a handyman. He got a job doing repairs at an apartment complex. He learned he could get a rent discount if he moved into the complex. He worked there for many years and saved a lot of money. Because of his savings, Pete was eventually able to buy his own home.
Sandy loves watching comedies. Her boyfriend loves horror movies. They decided to have a movie night. Neither could decide on what to watch. They got into a fight and went to sleep angry.
My coworker Fred got invited to a housewarming party. The party was Filipino-style. Fred attended and got to try various new foods. His favorite was the roast pig. When he left, he brought the leftovers with him.
Cindy is expecting her first baby. She went to an ultrasound appointment to find out the sex. The doctor told her she is having a boy! Cindy is planning to tell her husband in a surprise way. She's going to have him cut into a cake that's blue inside!
Our neighbors are very noisy and loud. They ignore our requests to quiet down. At 4 o'clock in the am they were still obnoxiously loud. We decided to call the cops. The police got them to quiet down for the night.
Kevin was working at his parents Subway store. When he was working there he was making sandwiches for people. While he was working one day he had a very rude customer. This customer wanted a vegetable flatbread sandwich. Kevin refused to make it for him and quite the store the same day!
My son needed to brush his teeth. His toothbrush was very dirty. I threw the toothbrush away. I grabbed a new one from the drawer. My son brushed his teeth before bed.
Sarah decided to take her dog for a walk. When she was long into her walk, her dog started barking behind her. There was a man that had been following Sarah. Sarah was scared and called her friend that lived down the street. Her friend picked her up and Sarah was relieved.
Erica loves dresses. One day, she decided to make a dress. She wasn't very good, but she continued to try. Erica's dresses became popular with all of her friends. Now, Erica is a famous designer!
Arnold was scared of rabbits. He always thought they were so mysterious. One day he had to go to a pet store. He saw a rabbit staring at him. Arnold nearly fainted.
One mild winter Maggie seen a ladybug on her window. Maggie did not like ladybugs. She got out her vacuum. Next she sucked up that ladybug. Maggie was happy she got rid of the bug.
When I was a boy I dreamed of playing ice hockey with my cousin. After several year of practice I was finally ready to play on the ice. My cousin taught me how to ice skate and hockey stop. Through the falls and late night practice sessions I vastly improved. Now I can skate and am actually better than my cousin!
We went to a Lowell Spinners game on August 3rd. My son wore a Koji Uehara Red Sox shirt. Our usher was a grandmother type. She said she never heard of Uehara. We were shocked, as Uehara was the closer in the World Series.
Tom was a father of three beautiful daughters. Tom wanted to spend more time bonding with his kids. Tom decided to regularly take them out for ice cream. The whole family enjoyed the ice cream visits. Tom was happy he found a fun way to spend more time with his kids.
One day, a huge snow storm came through Pennsylvania. The crazy amount of snow led to my friends and I having no school. We sled all day and night. Once we got cold, we went inside and drank hot chocolate! After a fun day of activities, we all went to bed.
Jack was late to work often. It was a day of inspection. Jack didn't show up to work on time. Jack showed up after the inspection. Jack was fired for being late.
Last Sunday was National Ice Cream Day. To celebrate, we drove to a local ice cream shop. We bought soft serve ice cream cones. We took the cones home and sat on the bench outside. I posted photos of our cones on Snapchat.
One day James took his car to the car wash. While he was inside, the car wash suddenly stopped. The whole thing had broken. James had to wait for an hour for it to be fixed. He didn't go back to that car wash again.
Joe and Christiane, my two best friends, are dating long distance. Joe is afraid to tell Christiane that he is in debt. When Christiane visits, Joe spends lots of money on taking her out. Last time, Joe did not have enough money to pay for his prescription. I lent Joe money until his next paycheck.
Woody took a trip to Las Vegas. He planned on gambling while he was there. One his way to the casino, Woody tripped and fell. Woody broke two bones in his ankle. Woody spent the night in the hospital instead of the casino.
Lydia woke up at 3am and was hungry, but her parents were asleep. She crept out of bed and past her parents' room to the kitchen. She checked the cupboard and found some noodles. She opened the bag, cooked them in a big pot. Lidia's pasta turned out great, and now she wasn't hungry.
Jimmy went bowling. He got strike after strike. He was only one strike away from a perfect game. He bowled and the ball was perfectly in line for a strike. But then a kid ran out onto the lane and stopped the ball.
Tom was on vacation in Mexico. He drove there to visit some family. On the way back he had to cross the border. Even though there was no problem he still felt nervous. This made the guards pay extra attention to him.
An elementary school planned to have an earthquake drill after lunch. When the drill began, students and teachers were given instructions. They got underneath desks until they were told to leave. A real earthquake began during the drill. But everyone was relieved that they were safe.
Sharon's parents were out of town for the week. Word had gotten around that Sharon's home was going to be empty. She wasn't popular but all the people talking to her made her happy. She told everyone they could come over if they kept it calm and quiet. Within hours the cops were there and her parents were furious.
Dan was downtown in the winter. On the corner he saw a vendor selling roasted chestnuts. Dan always wanted to try them. He purchased a bag and kept walking. Dan loved the salty warm bag of chestnuts.
Ben was a smoker. One night he was smoking before bed. He was very tired. Ben accidentally fell asleep with the cigarette still in his hand. His house caught on fire!
I used to litter everywhere. One day, I threw a candy wrapper and a bird started to eat it. The bird choked on it before spitting it out. It made me realize how littering affects other organisms. Now I actively work to keep people from littering.
Sam's car was dirty. He took it to the car wash. He cleaned his car through the self-serve car wash. Afterwards, it started to rainy. Sam had to wash his car again when it stopped raining.
My friend asked me to go speed dating today, with her. I was reluctant. What if I didn't meet anyone. As we arrived I began to feel more comfortable. There was someone I felt an instant connection with.
I have been skipping rocks at the lake. At first I was not very good. I have been practicing and I am becoming very good at it. I can skip the rock eight times before it sinks. My goal is to skip a rock ten times before the end of the summer.
Liz is a health nut. She always tells her friends what they should do to stay healthy. Her latest kick is vitamins. She takes multivitamins everyday. Liz is determined to stay healthy.
Ida had to do an oral report. She was very nervous. At first she was hesitant and stuttered. But then she began to speak confidently. In the end, her report was graded very highly!
I was doing laundry last week. A woman with a hijab helped me. I am disabled from a stroke. We got on the elevator and found out we lived on the same floor. I thanked her for being a good neighbor.
Henry asked Andrew if he can come with him to volunteering. Andrew said that it would be interesting. The next day, Henry tried to contact Andrew but got no response. Andrew responded during the end of the day. He said that he felt sick and was not able to do anything.
Bess woke up in the middle of the night because her bed was shaking. The pictures on her night stand were rattling. She was a bit confused by all this since she lives in Mississippi. There had been small earthquakes before but none like this. The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake.
He was always very good at spotting references. He loved to point them out. He often mentioned them during movies and tv shows. He didn't know they were usually quite obvious to everyone. They just tried to appease him to make him feel better.
Tim's vision was worse than his peers. He decided to do vision exercises. He did them regularly. He began to see his vision improve. His vision was soon equal to his peers.
Tom loved his shoes very much. Eventually Tom discovered his shoes had holes in them. He noticed the rubber had been worn down completely. Tom went to the sporting good store for new shoes. Tom purchased brand new shoes.
Lenny had a walnut tree in his yard and he loved walnuts. But he had no nutcracker! He had a basket of nuts that made his mouth water. Then he had a great idea! He cracked the nuts open with a hammer and snacked all night!
Joey wanted to become more self sufficient. He decided he would purchase land to start a farm. He initiated the process but it looked like it would take months. Slowly, he met every requirement until the time got close. Finally one day his loan was approved and he had his land.
The boys loved playing outside. They had walkie talkies that the used to talk to each other. They would run through the woods and keep in contact with them. They played this game all summer. THey couldn't wait until next summer to play it again!
Guy had a pimple. He rarely got pimples. He could not afford to have one on his face. He went to the store to get pimple cream. Guy's face is now pimple free.
Sam had heard that a vacuum could explode from picking up gunpowder. He wanted to try this himself. He set up a way to remotely vacuum up some gunpowder. However, when he tried it out, nothing happened. Sam was disappointed.
The woman warmed some milk. She poured some into a saucer. She gave the milk to her cat. The cat drank all of the milk. The cat vomited up the milk later.
Nita had always been told she was Irish. She was curious to confirm it, so she went online. She ordered a DNA testing kit and sent in her sample. The company revealed surprising information to her. Nita was not Irish at all - she was French!
Ari was out of coffee. She had to decide between going to get more now or later. Later meant tomorrow morning. She got to the store right before it was closing. The cashier made a joke about having coffee that late at night.
This afternoon I played catch with my dogs. We always loved going to the park to play catch. I had a nice frisbee for us to play with. At the end I gave the dogs a bone. They were good pets.
I liked drinking soda. But, it was too expensive. So, I decided to make some at home. Alas, I used the wrong ratios of chemicals. The soda did not carbonate.
Tim wasn't very religious. His parents made him go to church. He thought it was creepy. What the preacher said was even worse. Tim decided to stop going.
John hated how his smile looked in school photos. He waited in line for his turn while adjusting his shirt. The photographer told him to sit down and smile. When he didn't smile, the photographer said something about boogers. John's photo had the best smile he's ever had.
James was riding his bike with his friends. One of his friends turned in front of James. James wasn't able to stop his bike. His front tire hit the friend's bike. James flew off the bike.
We went to IHOP this morning. After we paid, I saw a survey form. I went on the internet and completed the survey. I received a code that will give me a free stack of pancakes. I am looking forward to going again to IHOP.
Lilly need to put bleach in her hair for 5 minutes for blond streaks. But she fell asleep for half an hour. When she woke up she frantically washed the bleach out of her hair. She had snow white streaks in her brown hair! She had to go to the salon to get it fixed.
Michael had lost a baby tooth. Another tooth grew to replace that tooth. It looked like a shark's tooth. A few weeks later the shark tooth fell out too. A normal looking permanent tooth grew in the shark tooth's place.
Cornelius had always wanted to play volleyball. People told him that he was too short to play. However, he tried anyway. Finally he was allowed onto the volleyball team. Cornelius was proud to be playing volleyball.
Frank wanted to go camping with friends. Nobody went with him. He decided to go by himself. Unfortunately he got lost getting to the campsite. Frank had to call for help and get saved.
Dan wanted to meet women. He decided to take a pottery class. The first day in class he met Belinda. Dan mustered up his nerve and asked her on a date. They had a great time at dinner later that night.
Joey loved singing. His family didn't appreciate his singing as much. Joey decided he would soundproof his room. His family helped him out. Now everyone was happy.
Sean wanted a sandwich. He went into his kitchen. He put ham and cheese on a muffin. Then, he put it in the microwave. Finally, he ate it.
Marie had decided to organize a barbecue. Four cars of friends and family went to the state park. After getting lost and car trouble it was late when they arrived. The food just finished burning as the park was closing. As they ate and ran to the cars a raccoon chased after them.
Megan was eating some noodles. She was really enjoying her meal. Suddenly, she got a bite of something weird. It was a large piece of ginger, something she didn't like. She got so grossed out, she spit the food out.
Jolyn decided to go on a walk through the woods. It was late autumn and the leaves were turning beautiful colors. She enjoyed the sights and sounds and smells of the forest. She surprised a deer, which loped away gracefully. When she got home she was tired, covered in debris and very happy.
Barbara boarded the plane, drumming her fingers nervously on her bag. She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters. Once aloft, the plane was rocked by severe turbulence, causing panic. Thankfully, the aircraft was unscathed and they landed safely. Barbara felt reborn and wasn't nervous about her meeting anymore.
I got on the internet a lot. I went to my favorite chatroom. I talked to some of my online friends. One asked me to meet at the mall. We hung out at the mall.
Mary recently had a baby girl. She was rushed to the hospital, and gave birth a few hours after. She named her baby Stephanie. She was very grateful to have a daughter in her life. Mary and the baby are happily living together.
Asher loved soda. He drank at least four a day. One day he had a terrible pain in his side. He went to the hospital and was told soda had given him kidney stones. After urinating out tiny stones Asher never drank soda again.
Tom was a college student. Tom was studying at the school library. The library was very quiet. Tom forgot to turn his phone on silent. Tom's phone rang very loudly and disturbed others.
Riley was the head of a marketing firm. His team was launching a new marketing campaign for french fries. They had spent several weeks working on the campaign. The day before the launch his team rechecked everything. The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers.
I have had three of my bikes stolen. They weren't expensive bikes, but it still sucks. Two were front right out front of my house. The third was from the back of a pickup bed. I moved to a rural area and haven't lost anything since.
Suzy went to the grocery store. She needed a lot of things. When she went she had a good time. She got to try a lot of samples. She spent one hundred.
Ana got pregnant at 15 due to a broken condom, not a foolish choice. She didn't want an abortion, and her mom agreed, given the situation. She felt the broken condom was a hint at something. Ana felt too young to raise a baby, but then her aunt approached her. She offered to adopt Ana's child, and Ana gratefully agreed!
Tom wanted to build a computer since buying one was expensive. Instead, he bought components from online stores. He then used these components and set them up on a table. He put the parts together. He finally built  his own computer.
I woke them up early in the morning yesterday. They had no idea what was happening, I did it was a surprise. When we arrived at Disney Paige was so happy she started to cry. We spent the whole day riding rides and taking pictures. They fell asleep in the car before we made it home.
Harry really loves dogs. He finally decided to adopt one last week. He got a male husky and named him Floofy. All of his friends think the name is strange. Harry seems to think it's the greatest name in the world.
My school mascot is the Beavers. They call us the boxing beavers and I'm always so embarrassed. Our rivals are the Patriots. We have a football game against them today. They have beat us every year but this one!
Dan loved stories about time travel. There a few such stories produced because of the dilemma. He is elated that this TV season includes two time travel series. "Timeless" dares to change history with time travel. "Frequency" also dares to change history with time travel.
Bob bought a new suit. The suit was very expensive. Bob bought a coffee. Bob spilled his coffee on his suit! It ruined Bob's suit and his day.
Bill turned on the TV one morning and a marathon was on. Bill looked down at himself and noticed he was fat and out of shape. Deciding the race looked like fun, he started a training program. The program was challenging, and he got into great shape. Bill won the marathon and lost fifty pounds in the training process.
Kim bought a pair of jean leggings from Walmart. She bought them in a large, but as she put them on they were too tight. She pulled the pant from the bottom hard to pull her foot into them. She heard a rip and looked down. There was a hole in the seam of her brand new pants.
The holidays were just around the corner. The Cox family was preparing for it all. Baking, present wrapping, and more was all getting done. They all had a great time visiting relatives. After all the hustle and bustle, they were relieved to take a break.
Cora, a brunette, had a sister, Mira, who had red hair. All the time while growing up, strangers would extol Mira's red hair. Cora was so tired of hearing of the wonders of red hair. But later in life, Cora had three red-headed children. Now she enjoyed it when strangers would compliment the red hair!
Sue's husband always talked about a gorgeous celebrity. Sue went to a salon with the star's picture. She asked the stylist to give her the same cut and color. Sue surprised her husband at the door when he came home. He took one look and said she had ruined her best feature.
Beth was driving to work on the highway. Beth was driving 50 MPH but traffic was heavy and the cars were close. All of a sudden an iguana wandered onto the highway. Beth saw him but couldn't stop without causing an accident. In the rear view mirror Beth saw the body roll over, and over.
I have never made fried chicken before. I looked up a recipe online. I was missing some of the ingredients. I substituted with what I had at the time. My first fried chicken turned out perfectly.
I always longed for a boyfriend. Guys weren't interested in me growing up. One day I went to a party and started talking to a guy. We had a lot in common! We got each other's numbers and started dating soon after.
Anna was out of coffee. She decided to try to find a substitute. She found a few tea bags in her cupboard. To her surprise, it wasn't too bad. Anna decided to drink tea more often.
Bill went to take a train to the next town over. He stood on the tracks and waited for the train to come. Once the train arrived it was already very full. Bill was uncomfortable getting on such a full train. The train left without Bill and he waited for the next train.
Junior went to a baseball game with his dad. Before the game, he hung out by the dugout to see players up close. A player approached Junior and gave him an extra baseball. Then, his dad snapped a photo of the two together. Junior now had a ball and photo that he could show all his friends.
Kate was upset to be charged for her online TV subscription. She had been charged during her trial. The customer service agent agreed with her assessment. He issued a full refund to her account. She was pleased with the resolution provided.
Noah worked as a waiter in a fancy restaurant. He did not often make much money. But one night it was very busy! Noah had to handle twenty tables all alone. He made over $100 in tips that night!
Tom drove a lot for his work. He would always listen to the local radio stations. He enjoyed hearing the local news. He thought it was fun to hear unique things on the radio. He loved his car very much and loved his radio experiences.
Jason had been having a rough time. He had gone from small job to job. He was browsing the internet and saw Mturk website. Jason was curious and checked it out. Jason now takes home 100 dollars a month with his earnings.
Hector was always the least adventurous of his friends. While his friends were off riding bikes, Hector would stay home. One day Hector decided to change his ways. He went out with his friends and climbed to the top of a tree. From that day forward, Hector began his adventurous lifestyle.
Richard was a pet lover. He would go to shelters and donate money for the pets. One day as he was walking he found an injured dog on the street. He took him to a shelter. Eventually , the dog recovered and Richard adopted him.
Terry was always very quiet in school. She did not have many friends. One day she decided to bring her flute to school. She played for the class. After that she always had friends to talk to.
Martha and her mother loved to bake. Sunday morning, they both woke up early. They ate breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking. They made cookies and cake. Martha and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking.
Marissa decided it was time for a new job. She saw a looking for help sign on a shop and decided to apply. She filled out the application. A few days later the manager called offering her a position. Marissa eagerly accepted the offer.
Ed joined reading club at the library. He had to read six books to earn a gold star. He got through them quickly. Then he picked up his gold star. Ed was so proud of himself!
Ethan was at the fair with his family. He was hoping this year to be tall enough for the coaster. He eagerly stood to be measured for the ride. To his dismay, he was not quite tall enough. Luckily, he could tell that he was so close, next year would be time.
Today I wanted to buy a soda. I walked to the store with my wallet. I found the soda I wanted. Then, I paid for it at the counter. It was tasty.
Rob wanted to go to Burger King for dinner He really wanted to try the new Grilled hot dogs He looked at the menu online and discovered that they were expensive He talked it over with his girlfriend until they made a decision They decided to just try them at least once
Lindsay was having a party. The theme was a luau. She bought leis and tiki torches. She made Hawaiian food, too. She waited impatiently for her guests to show up.
My family and I took a helicopter ride in Hawaii. None of us had ever been in one before! The view was incredible from the helicopter. We even got to wear the headsets that the pilot gets to wear! I will never forget that experience in my life.
Jennifer would sing in her church every Sunday. Everyone knew she had the best voice in the choir. One day, Jennifer came down with a sore throat. She had to skip choir that week. Jennifer was glad when she was able to sing again.
My sister has been dating her boyfriend for 2 years. Yesterday she called me with a surprise. She told me that her boyfriend proposed to her. She said yes, to my utter amazement. I cannot wait for the wedding next year.
Tim got promoted at work. He was given a much higher salary. He decided to use his salary to treat himself. Tim wanted a new car as his threat to himself. After his first new paycheck he bought a Mercedes.
Irene had invited her friends over to watch movies. But to her horror, she found that her internet was down! None of her friends could download anything either. It seemed like the night was ruined, but then Jason opened his bag. Inside was a DVD of their favorite drama, which they watched happily!
Kim wanted to go shopping. But all of her friends were busy that day! Then Kim decided to ask her mom and sister. The three women went to the mall together. Kim had a wonderful time shopping with her family!
Tom really wanted a tattoo. His friends convinced him to get on on his arm. It was a painful process. When it was done, tom thought it was ugly. He later went to get it removed.
My mom is a cake decorator. She made a Chocolate wedding cake. The cake was decorated with red roses. She delivered the wedding cake. The Bride was very happy.
This was Julie's first time at the zoo. She had never seen a tiger or an elephant. She loved taking pictures of all of the animals. At the end of the day she decided her favorite animal. It was an antelope.
Tina needed money to buy her family Christmas presents. She took some extra shifts at her job. Tina worked very hard to get the extra money. Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money. Tina's Christmas was ruined.
Tim got caught in the rain leaving school. He decided to wait for it to settle down. While waiting at the nearby gas station, he heard a sound. It turned out to be an abandoned cat mewing in a box. He decided to adopt the cat and brought it to his warm home.
Todd worked in his job field for 5 years. He became bored with his current career path. What he did become interested in however was technology. He gained knowledge and certificates in the new field. After interviewing he landed a new job as a network administrator.
Ben and his family invited a lot of family over for Christmas. When they all arrived, everyone was very happy. The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics. Ben's uncle became very angry at his wife's brother over a disagreement. The tension became so great that the whole night was ruined.
Tom was always on time at work. He had worked there five years. After five years of never being late they gave him a plaque. Tom asked for a raise. Unfortunately they told him no.
Tina and Helen went on the water floats in the arcade. Helen was able to use the water gun from the float to squirt people. Tina started to abuse it and aggressively attack people. The worker told both of them to get out. She also banned Tina from coming to the arcade in the future.
Jessie always wanted to ride a pony. On her tenth birthday, she went to the stables. Jessie was so excited. She rode a pony called Tinkerbell all afternoon. Now Jessie wants a pony for her next birthday.
Laurie was an astronaut on the ISS. She heard a loud sound outside of the spacecraft. A small meteorite had hit the solar panels outside. Suddenly, the cabin went dark. Laurie knew that they were in trouble.
Jane was working at a diner. Suddenly, a customer barged up to the counter. He began yelling about how long his food was taking. Jane didn't know how to react. Luckily, her coworker intervened and calmed the man down.
Georgia and her friend Julia wanted the same tattoo. They wanted the same one to symbolize their friendship. The girls thought it would be great. When they got it done they loved it. They even wanted to get a new one.
Mary and Bill were married for forty years. Mary took care of Bill as he died of cancer. The apartment they'd shared seemed so big without him. Sometimes she'd sit and talk to him, pretending he was there. She realized she had to find some way to continue with her life.
Jim and James went to the museum. The first exhibit they went to see was the dinosaur fossils. Jim told James he did not believe in dinosaurs. James thought Jim was just playing with him. He was laughing at Jim and Jim got upset and left the museum.
Jane was at the grocery store. She needed to use the bathroom. They were out of order. She left the store right away hoping to make it home in time. She had to stop at a gas station to avoid having an accident.
Everyone always said she was pretty. With age, she felt she was losing her looks. She was unhappy when she looked in the mirror. Her dark features were growing darker and more pronounced. She began to avoid mirrors at all times.
My boyfriend in high school was crazy. We had only been dating 1 month when it was Christmas. His family was on vacation and their car broke down. In order to make it back, my boyfriend rented a Uhaul. His parents drove and he rode in the back for 1000 miles!
Kevin pulled up to a red light. As the light turned green, he didn't move it. The couple behind him honked at him. He waved and took his time leaving. The couple quickly passed him and flipped him the bird.
It was Judy's birthday. Her dad bought a pinata. They set it up outside. Then, Judy hit it with a bat. Candy came out and fell everywhere.
Michael bought a computer. He turned it on. He could not figure out how to use it. He called his friend Jeb. Jeb showed him how to use it and he had fun!
I was preparing dinner. I decided to add some shrimp to the meal. Alas, the shrimp did not cook completely. I made all the dinner guests sick with food poisoning. One of the guests sued me and I lost in court.
Jasper realizes that he doesn't like the white color of his bedroom. He decides to paint it a nice, calming color. Jasper finds a shade of blue that he likes for his bedroom. He spends an entire Saturday painting his bedroom. When he is finally finished, he is proud of his good work.
Izzy's pet hamster escaped one night. After two days they still couldn't find him. Finally the put some hamster food in a deep bowl. There was a little ramp to get up to the bowl, but no way out. In the morning her hamster was sound asleep in the bowl.
I needed to do laundry last week. But I was all out of quarters. I could have gone to the bank. But instead I just put everything in the closet. Now even my new clothes smell bad.
Stewart invited me to his birthday party! I wasn't that good of friends with him so I couldn't find a gift. I messaged his girlfriend but she wasn't replying! Eventually I purchased a $25 gift card. He loved the gift so much and said it was the best one yet.
We were all watching Spongebob as a family. It is a kid's show but all really enjoyed it. This one episode was especially funny for the adults. It has humor in it that is funny for kids and adults. It is something we can all watch and enjoy as a family.
Fred received a phone call from a businessman. He mentioned an internship that Fred was available for. Fred asked for more information. He found out that the internship doesn't offer a salary. Fred declined the officer since he would not get paid.
This morning before I went to work I took my dog for a walk. After putting his collar and leash on, we left the house. It was raining a little so we had to be fast! Once the walk was done, we went back inside and had some coffee. It was a perfect morning!
At work one day Courtney was talking about kittens. She had rescued five of them that had been abandoned. Courtney was trying to find good homes for the kittens. Kay had always wanted a kitten of her own. Kay took home of of the kittens and named it Luna.
Victoria wanted to see every state in the US. She went to as many as she could on long weekends. Her boyfriend knew about how badly she wanted to see the states. He surprised her with a road trip for Christmas. Victoria has now visited all 50 states.
The family decided to go on a picnic. They packed a big lunch to take with them. When they got to the park, mom went to get the lunch. They had left the lunch at home. They went out to eat instead.
In China, Young Kim was known as a tough kid. When he was three Year's old, he opened the back door of a moving van. He fell out the van onto a busy highway in China. The driver kept driving. The driver behind the van rescued Kim from the busy highway.
I was moving to my new house and needed to move my bed. Two of my cats decided to jump on the top of the bed while it was up. The first one up tried to make the second one fall down over the side. While the second cat was hanging I was able to give him a boost up. They both ended up sleeping on it until it was moved.
Vince and Tammy walked along the shore collecting shells. Vince found one that was unbroken and perfect. He put it on Tammy's palm. It started to move! There was a crab in the shell.
Sam and Janice were going to a party. They both arrive at the same time. They glanced over and realized they were wearing the same dress. They joked about it. They then started hanging out together.
The family packed up their suitcases. They boarded the train. They were going into the city for the weekend. When they arrived, they all climbed off the train. They were happy not to mess with their car while visiting.
Yesterday my phone broke. I tried getting it to work but couldn't. Thankfully I was able to restore it. When I restored it it started working again. Thankfully I don't have to worry now.
Paul put a lot of time into surfing, doing it most every morning. He wore out swim trunks on a weekly basis, always needing new ones. He bought a cheap pair, wanting to just surf as soon as possible. His first wave went by great, until he came out of the water. Paul was red with embarrassment, his trunks had fallen off!
Doris was working three jobs. She really wanted to get a college education. She didn't have any extra time to attend classes on a campus. Doris enrolled in an online college. She worked all 3 of her jobs and managed to get her degree.
I've always wanted to take karate classes since I was a child. So when I turned 35 years old I enrolled in a class. To my surprise I was really good at karate. I stuck with the classes for 3 years straight. I now have a black belt in karate.
I bought a pair of Earbuds at Target. I spent ten dollars. Someone told me they were cheaper at the Dollar Store. They were only a dollar. I wish I had known that before.
There was a boy in Gina's class who bothered her. Gina had the teacher move his desk across the class. Gina hoped it would upset the boy. But it just made him more aggressive and annoying. Gina realized she had made a terrible mistake.
Joe was running a scam. He would collect donations from people wanting to help animals. Then he would pocket the money. Joe was afraid of getting caught. However, he just couldn't make himself stop lying.
Mark punched a man who offended his girlfriend. The man pulled out a knife. Mark disarmed him and punched him again. The man started bleeding and people screamed for the cops. It turned out that the man Mark punched was a cop.
Harry bought a dictionary and read it all night. The next day he went to school and talked to his friends. Harry used all sorts of fancy words that his friends didn't know. All the friends hated Harry for acting like a know-it-all. During lunch they went to the library to look up the words Harry used.
Maya was trying to charge her cell phone. She realized that the charger wasn't working. Nothing she did could get it to work. Instead she ordered a new one online. Before she ever got it, her brother fixed the cable for her.
Coty borrowed a book from Steve. Coty lost Steve's book. He bought a new book to replace it. Coty told Steve what happened. He gave Steve the new book.
Tia was staying late at work. It took her a long time to get caught up on her work. By the time she left, the parking lot was empty. It was scary and poorly lit. Tia had to ask the security guard to walk her to her car.
I decided to invest my money to have enough for retirement. After careful consideration, I bought a few stocks. My research also showed that I should invest in bonds. I put what was left in a savings account. As far as I can tell, that was a good way to invest my money.
Tom was at the gas station. He needed to put gas in his truck. He also really wanted to drink beer. They both cost about the same. Tom bought beer and walked home.
Sara was going to an amusement park. She saw that it was going to rain. In order to prepare she bought a poncho. While at the park, it started raining. Sara could not find her poncho and had to buy another.
Candy claimed she had never burned a ham. She put the ham in the over 2 hours early to prove it. Candy slept through the timer going off. She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke. Candy had finally burned a ham.
The nurse went to the clinic knowing it was going to be a bad day. A man came in with a severed pinky. He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe. Finally, the nurse's ex-boyfriend came in. The nurse threw up her hands in disgust.
My friend passed away recently. A group of us decided to drive down to attend her funeral. It was a long drive, and we tried to make it fun not somber. A few things went wrong, but we managed to make it on time. The trip back home was both harder and easier emotionally.
Ken's parents were out of town. He decided to throw a party. The party got out of hand. Parts of Ken's house were destroyed. Ken got into a lot of trouble with is parents.
He slammed his keyboard in anger. The battery had gone out again. It was a critical moment in his work day. He could not find replacement batteries. He decided to give up on the whole day.
My brother recently gave me a Tower Garden. It is hydroponic and works great for herbs and vegetables. I am not a very good gardener so I am hoping it is easy to maintain. The plan is to fill it will herbs and salad ingredients. I am hoping it will save me money on my grocery bill.
Tom was trying to disarm a bomb. He was new to the squad. He was trying to show off. Unfortunately he cut the wrong wire. Tom was killed in the blast.
I wanted to become an author. I decided to write a book about murder. No publisher wanted to sell my book. I realized that murder doesn't sell. I wrote a book about flowers instead and it sold great!
The grandchildren were watching TV when grandma came in and sat down. The show suddenly made several jokes containing innuendos. Grandma noticed the grandchildren tense up and had an idea. Grandma, playing dumb, started asking what the innuendos meant. They squirmed silently and didn't know that they were being trolled.
I had murdered my uncle. The police arrested me. I was sentenced to prison for life. In prison, the inmates were mean to me. Luckily, I joined a gang and was able to have their protection.
The new graduate had a job waiting, but had not yet started work. The job was in another town and he wanted to buy a house first. He would be able to make the mortgage payments in the future. The bank wanted him to be able to make the mortgage payments at once. He ended up having to throw away money on rent.
Kate and her friends were at a Vegas casino. Kate's friend's were having fun while she was waiting to leave. She grew tired of waiting. She decided she would go and get some fresh air and some sun. But after the dark casino the daylight was blindingly bright.
Samantha had been having a hard time in school. Her parents and teachers tried to help her out. Samantha had a test coming up next week. The whole week Samantha studied with her parents. It didn't seem to help as Samantha got a D on the test.
Marley's friend came over and brought her new puppy. Marley's dog wasn't happy about this. He loves to have attention. He doesn't like to share. But in the end, the two pups became friends.
Kayla was camping with her friends, and they were making s'mores. But they got to chatting about scary stories and were distracted. Then Kayla smelled something burning. It was their s'mores! Everyone was disappointed that that'd burned their tasty snack!
Dan recently decided to take his house off the grid. Dan had researched solar power, and wanted panels for his home. Dan found a local contractor that would install the panels for him. After installation, Dan realized his house was using only solar power. Dan was pleased with his decision to get solar panels on his home.
Debbie met a man in one of her classes. He was very nice but there was nothing romantic. They enjoyed talking and helping each other with homework. They ended up both taking the follow-up course. By this time, Debbie was embarrassed to ask him his name.
John was invited for a lunch by his boss. John got nervous. He did not expect his boss to invite him for a lunch. He tried to find some excuse. He told the boss he already had a lunch plans.
In the dream, his neck was broken. I was terrified and started to cry. I tried to find my phone to call for help. I couldn't find my phone anywhere. I woke up in tears.
Dan was sick of his job assorting boxes. He looked for new jobs. He applied online and went to many interviews. He took up trade skills that were viable. He finally discovered his calling which was an electrician.
Harriet missed her youthful, carefree summer days. She wanted to have summer vacation as an adult. She went to night school to get a teaching certificate. Harriet found work at a local high school. Harriet thus reclaimed her summer vacation.
Susan was a teacher. One of her students would come in smelling badly. Susan was concerned about her well being. She reported the problem to the counselor. The counselor checked in with the student's family.
Uma thought her friend should be recognized for her hard work. She found out about a competition for a prize for local volunteers. She nominated her friend. To her friend's surprise, she won the competition. Uma was so happy for her friend.
John was invited to a coffee shop by a friend. At the cafe, John was met by his friend and another guy. The other guy began making a sales pitch to John. John asked to speak with his friend privately for a moment. John told his friend that the other guy was a scam artist!
I was finally eighteen. My parents forced me to move out of their house. I didn't have a job. I tried to look for a job but my luck was down. I ended up homeless.
Denny is playing poker. He is eating chips. He takes his wedding ring off to avoid getting it dirty. After the game he cannot find the ring. Denny lost his wedding ring.
I had a morning meeting at work today. My boss asked me to comment on our latest project. I had a lot to say. My coworkers felt my comments were helpful. I was happy my contributions were well received.
Zoe decided she wanted a hat. She went shopping for one. The hat she wanted was too expensive. Zoe decided to save up until she had enough. When she had enough, the hat she wanted was gone.
Jerry had to cook for a hundred people. As he had never done so before he got some help. All his neighbors offered him to use their kitchens. He struggled to keep everything going at the same time. But when the diner was ready it was delicious and praised by everyone.
I woke up with my arm hurting everyday for a week. I did not know why. I used a camera to record myself sleeping. I solved the mystery. It turns out I roll over on my arm in my sleep.
The girl loved to sew. She bought a basket to put all her sewing supplies in. She would take it out every evening and work a bit. Then she'd put the basket on her end table. The basket was a reminder to finish the project she'd started.
Yvonne loved old technology. She bought herself a rotary phone to decorate her house. As she wanted it to be functional, she tried to connect it. But she found out they were outdated and wouldn't work anymore. Yvonne had to have a modern phone installed as well to make calls.
My son-in-law earned a PhD in philosophy in 2011. He is teaching at Seton Hall. He wrote a book based on his thesis. He submitted the manuscript to Cambridge University Press. They rejected the manuscript, but encouraged him to try another press.
Kate was walking on the sidewalk. She noticed a golden retriever on the road. However, a van didn't notice it and ran over the dog. They also didn't stop to see what they knocked over. I called for support to clean up the dead remains.
Gary was shopping for a Halloween costume. He tried on some scary ones, but didn't like them. Instead, he looked at the funny ones. He tried on a few, and settled on a fry-cook costume. He paid at the counter and left the store.
Chris was a very angry teenager. One day Chris and his friends went to a local coffee shop. Chris got into a fight with the waitress at the coffee shop. He yelled at her and her dad turned out to be the owner. He was blacklisted from the shop forever, hopefully that'll teach him.
Chris fell in love with the woman of his dreams. He proposed to her, and she said yes. However, it wasn't long until Chris found out that she was cheating. Chris didn't tell her that he knew. He simply moved out while she was at work and never told her.
Gina's friends were fighting. Gina was last to find out. She called her friends Jane, and Amy on a conference call. Gina was excited to be in on the action. She was disappointed to hear the fight was over.
Kai was aggressive and angry. His mom put him in karate classes. There, he learned to focus and control himself. After a few months everyone was shocked by the change in Kai. He was so much calmer and more in control!
June was trying to start a garden. She did all of the work one day and was really proud. The next morning, she saw a deer eating the plant. She had no idea what to do. Finally, she decided to put up some chicken wire.
Bob wanted to drink smoothies more often. So he bought a high quality blender. But the it was so loud that he had to wear ear plugs while using it. And he began hate using his new blender. Bob was no longer interested in smoothies and sold the blender.
Kate broke her heel while in a club in Las Vegas. She could barely walk on her broken heel. She needed to sit down to assess the damage. But the chair she sat on had gum on it. In her hurry she didn't realize her error until it was too late.
Kim was in the middle of baking cookies one day. When she went to get the butter there was no more left. Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway. The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter. Kim was able to complete her cookie-baking.
I went on a trip with my class in college. We took some canoes. We saw fish a foot long. They were swimming around our feet. We were unable to grab one.
Gina loved all kinds of fruit. Kiwi was her favorite. She cut up five of them for a snack. She ate it all up. Gina loved eating healthy things.
My friend came to visit me. We were about to go out. We saw a line of several school buses. It was time for school to start. I was amazed by the sheer number of them.
A puppy named Princess was left alone for the day. It was awfully quiet, with not a person to play with. Her ears drooped to the side, and she curled up into a ball. She thought she was alone until she heard a man call. Excitedly, she jumped up and ran to her owner.
I used to love playing pranks on Billy, my older brother. One day I got a black rubber snake. I put the snake in Billy's bed and waited in his closet. Billy came in and pulled back the bed sheets. I laughed when Billy screamed and fell backwards from the snake.
A'Neial wanted to be a country music singer. She learned how to play guitar. She started a band with a boy named Clay. They recorded a song. Now the song's on the radio!
Ada's whole weekend was ruined by rain. Her summer plans were all washed out! But then Sunday afternoon the rain ceased, and Ada went outside. There she saw something breathtaking. A gorgeous double rainbow illuminated the whole sky!
Chris had worked hard for months. He had finally earned enough to buy a new truck. He was so proud when he walked into the dealership. He handed over a pile of money and they gave him the keys. Chris was certain that hard work always paid off!
Mike's and Sarah were excited about having their first baby. One night Sarah woke up with pain in her belly. Mike rushed her to the hospital and they airlifted her to Lubbock. The doctors operated right away but they couldn't help Sarah. Now Mike is a widower at the young age of twenty four.
Kelly's mom was running a bath for her. She wanted a bubble bath. When her mother wasn't looking, she poured some bubble bath in. Unfortunately she put in too much. By the time her mother returned the tub was overflowing with bubbles.
Joe was on the way to his sister's party. When she called and told him to get more chips from the store. Joe went to the store to look for chips. He found a good deal for chips and bought them. Joe drove to his sister's house with the chips.
Sue was making fun of how old my shoes were. I told her to drive me to the mall to get new shoes. Went we got to the store they had a buy one get one free sale. I bought my shoes then let Sally get the free pair. Sally said she wants to take me shopping more often now.
Jan was excited to visit her bachelor uncle in the city. As the family drove, Jan thought of all the fun they had. When the uncle came to visit, he made every day a circus. Jan imagined her uncle's house would be full of color and life. When they got to his address, Jan saw it was a dark tenement.
Abby learned a new dance at class yesterday. It was a type of hip hop dance. She is really good at it. She does a  solo dance in the middle of it. I am so proud of her hard work.
Amy was going to junior high in a week. When her friend may called she was happy to hear from her. May had news. She wasn't going to be at the same school as Amy. Amy cried because she would miss her childhood friend.
I have an uncomfortable cyst in my armpit and a sprained ankle. Both are on the right side of my body. It causes me to hobble around the house like I'm crippled. My boyfriend thinks it's hilarious. He's started calling me Igor and saying Yes Master whenever I get up.
I was sitting on a bench outside the library today. I was approached by a man holding a cooler. He asked me if I was just sitting there or if I was homeless. I told him that I am homeless. He opened his cooler and gave me a 6 pack of Diet Pepsi.
Rufus was having a tough time with bills. His birthday was coming up and he hoped to get some gift money. Unfortunately the day came and went without any cards. Rufus was depressed and worried about money. He ended up having to ask for his parents help.
Matt studied brain chemistry for his PhD. He was particularly interested in the prefrontal cortex. In his work, he hopes to improve understanding on our emotions. Right now, he is studying the link between fear and aggression. He hopes this can improve the treatment of army veterans.
My son went to his friend's poker tournament last week. Everyone put in $50. The winner of the $300. He was losing early on, but won $300 in the last game. He was very happy with his winnings.
Kim was a single mom with twin girls. She worked two jobs, cleaning and waitressing. One night a customer forgot his wallet at the dining table. Kim , honest, hurried to chase him down and return it. The man was so impressed at her honesty, he handed her a $150 tip!
The elections were coming up for a new president. The person winning, it seemed like nobody liked him! The polls opened today, so we would see if people really liked him. After the polls, the votes were counted, and he won president! The country is now in disbelief, and everybody moved to Canada.
Bay and his friends lived in a very poor neighborhood and had no toys. They wanted to firm a baseball team, but none of them had equipment. Then Bay decided to fundraise outside of the grocery store. He shared their story and collected donations all weekend. By Monday, he'd earned enough to buy all they needed for their team!
Jan called and said her car didn't sound right. So I walked over to her place and drove her car around. It sounded to me like it needed a tune-up. So I gathered all my tools and the parts needed for a tune and did it. Now Jan tells me her car sounds and runs much better.
John realized he had a midterm exam tomorrow. He had not studied one bit for this exam. John started cramming for the exam. He studied for hours into the night. John barely passed his midterm that morning.
Yvonne had just recently gotten married. She wore her wedding ring wherever she went. However, one day she misplaced it. She felt terrible that she could be so forgetful. Luckily, she found it tucked away in her purse later on.
Hilary entered a baking competition. She studied the competition for years before entering. She really wanted to win the competition. Hillary made it to the finals in front of her friends and family. Her final cake wowed the judges and she won first place.
Abby and Justin were playing checkers. Justin suddenly pointed at the window and gestured to someone. Abby turned around to see who it was. While she was distracted, Justin moved some pieces closer. Abby did not notice that Justin cheated to win the game.
Molly freelanced online. She had an account with a crowd sourcing website and used it everyday. One day she saw that her account had been mysteriously suspended. It took her weeks to work out the issue over the phone. Luckily she was finally able to access the account and work again.
Bob had chickens at his farm. Everyday he would get the eggs. He would wash them with cold water. Next he would dry them. Bob took eggs to the market every Saturday.
Valerie started seeing things that weren't there. SHe was too old to have imaginary friends. She decided she needed to get medication. She went to the doctors and got a drug for it. SHe felt better.
The football team beat the other team. The other team felt they should have won. The other team stole some jerseys out of anger. They hid the jerseys in a bag. The bag had to be hidden as well.
Many years ago people started planning how to get to the moon. They worked very hard. They sent many missions into space. One day they landed on the moon. It was a very exciting time in the world.
Although Jason had a girlfriend, he thought he was ugly. But his new friend convinced him he was attractive to girls. Jason spent the weekend asking girls for their phone numbers. At home with his girlfriend, she heard his cell phone ring. She answered the phone and it was a girl Jason flirted with.
One day, Sally was riding her bike down a steep hill. Right before the bottom of the hill, Sally tried to stop. However, she was going too fast! Sally's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill. Now, Sally remembers to be more careful when she rides her bike.
Ricky's car wouldn't start. It was a cold winter day outside. It was the car battery. Ricky's wife drove him to the store. He was able to purchase a new car battery.
Mr Burns was planning to go hiking. He had planned this trip for 3 months. Mr Burns was going to take Smithy with him. The day before they were going to on the trip. Mr Burns was hit by a car and was unable to go.
Hillary arrived to her campsite in the middle of the southwest USA. She set up camp and then left to go for a hike. While hiking, she noticed a large canyon and wanted to get closer. While walking over to the canyon's edge, Hillary suddenly fell inside. When she hit the bottom, she was miraculously not hurt.
Roy was a pilot for a major airline. Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight. The airline provided a replacement for Roy on that flight. The flight Roy missed crashed, with many fatalities. Roy felt both very sad and very grateful.
She ran backwards. Her mother yelled to stop. She didn't listen in time. She fell on the bike. It bruised her butt severely.
Joe was playing baseball in the house. He threw up a ball to himself and swung a bat. The ball crashed through a window. His mother heard this and came running. She told him that he acted very foolishly.
Gil was ready for his first day at being a nurse. He got to the hospital on time and eagerly asked for some work. The head nurse smiled warmly and held up a bed pan. She instructed Gil to start making the rounds, changing them. Gil lost his eagerness just a minute into his job.
Billy wanted a fresh juicy apple. He spotted one in the family's apple tree in their backyard. He had to wait under the tree for the apple to ripen enough to fall. When it finally fell, he was ready and waiting with open arms. He bit the apple and its sweet taste made the long wait worth it.
Michelle decides to skip some rocks at the pond. She is impressed by how far they skip. Some of the rocks go halfway across the pond. Later on she goes back home. Michelle is happy the went to the pond to skip rocks.
Jay was flying his kite outside. And he let fly higher and higher. But it ended up crashing into a telephone cable. And Jay couldn't get it down. He had not choice but to abandon his kite.
Eli bought a new pencil sharpener. He screwed it into the wall about shoulder level. Eli inspected his work and was proud of himself. He sharpened his first pencil with the new sharpener. As Eli turned the lever, the sharpener tore the drywall out.
Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes. They only had high efficiency washers which Kay didn't really like. Since she had no choice she washed her clothes in the washers. When she returned home her clothes smelled sour. The high efficiency washer needed to be cleaned and ruined her wash.
Mother told Ben not to sit on top of the chair. She warned him that he would fall and spill his soda. Ben did not listen to his mother. But then he fell and did indeed spill all his soda! Embarrassed, Ben apologized to his mother.
Lizzy was amazed at the card trick her brother did. He had her pull a card out of the deck. He guessed which one it was, the seven of clubs. She could not figure out how he did it. Later that night she saw all the cards in the deck were the same!
Tod had an old dog named Fred. Fred was Todd's best friend. One day, Fred got sick. Tod took Fred to the doctor. The doctor gave Fred some medicine, and Fred got well again.
Marty had a hard time getting her children to floss their teeth. She decided to implement a reward system. She would credit each child a nickel for every day they flossed. Her son, Rick, thought a nickel wasn't enough and eschewed flossing. Rick regretted this when his siblings got cash and he got gingivitis.
Kay was planning a trip and wanted to try a new way of packing. She went online and learned about packing cubes. She bought a set of three large cubes from Amazon. When they arrived, she was excited to experiment with them. Kay learned how to utilize the cubes, maximizing space in her case.
Erin's eyes felt tired. And here vision was blurry. So she decided to eat a carrot. And her eyes felt better. From then on, Erin ate a carrot every day.
My husband and I took a recent trip to Antigua. We stayed at a wonderful resort on the beach. My husband suddenly had pain and couldn't urinate! Luckily the resort had a 24 7 doctor. We visited the doctor and my husband was all better the next day!
Jeremy was going to make chicken soup. Then, he realized that he'd forgotten to thaw the chicken. He decided to try running hot water over it. After about an hour of that, the chicken was thawed. He was able to make his soup.
Jake got a new basketball. He drove to the park to shoot some hoops. He played a game of pickup basketball. Jake scored 30 points that game. Afterwards, he went home to take a shower.
As part of Ivan's job he used a lot of markers to write on boxes. One day his hands were covered in ink from the markers. He went to the bathroom to wash it off. His co-worker saw the colors and thought Ivan was sick. Ivan said he had gangrene and his co-worker backed away.
While in high school, Matt wanted to be a doctor. But he saw advertisements about joining the marines. And there were recruitment officers at his school. Matt was talked into joining the military. But luckily, he was never seriously injured.
Ben smoked for twenty years. Then he had a bad stroke. He realized that he had to change his life, and quickly. Ben resolved to quit smoking for good. From that day on, he never had another cigarette.
When I found Charlie Horse under my bed, his leg was messed up. Upon closer look, the stuffing was starting to come out. The seams had ruptured. When I looked at my dog, he was also under the bed. He looked very guilty, leading me to believe he caused the damage.
Sam and Amy got married a week ago. They just got all of their wedding photos! They sat down and looked at each one together. They laughed and smiled and cried too. They had such a good time remembering their special day.
Ben was not a fisherman by nature - he adored fish as pets! But he lived in a seaside village and made very little money. He was forced to turn to fishing to help feed his family. Soon he was fishing with his son every weekend. He never liked it, but he grew to appreciate its usefulness.
Mary and Lou decided to buy a parakeet. On the way to the pet store they saw an injured bird. The bird had hurt its wing. Mary got out of the car and tenderly picked up the bird. They drove back home.
Ann's husband insisted on wearing pressed shirts. When Ann grew tired of ironing, she bought him perma-press shirts. She didn't tell her husband about the switch. One day when Ann was sick, he got out the iron himself. He was puzzled to find the iron covered in rust and dust.
I got a call from the mall. The mall security had arrested my son. He was accused of shoplifting. I pleaded that they release him. They agreed and when he got home I grounded him.
Kate had a hole in a window frame on her house. She was worried she would need to replace the whole plank. She shared her concerns with her brother. He filled the hole with steel wool, and wood glue. Just like that a little wood glue fixed her huge problem.
Bud got a skateboard for Christmas. He hung around the skate park, but the other kids wouldn't teach him. He sat on his board, watching their moves, slowly learning. He went and practiced early in the morning while the park was empty. When he became a professional skater, he laughed about those old days.
Linda had a red dress. She wore it wherever she went. One day she was at a dinner with her boyfriend. As she was drinking soda she spilled it on herself by accident. Linda never wore her red dress again.
Elaine decided that she would start a walking routine. Elaine needed to find a time that would be suitable for walking. After giving some thought, Elaine decided that early morning was best. Elaine went for her first morning walk on Saturday. Elaine loved her walk, and was looking forward to tomorrow's walk.
Lee wanted to take a vacation. He really needed a break from work and life. He decided to start looking at flights. Lee found a great deal on a flight to Vegas. He booked the flight and got excited.
Eliza was eating japanese food. She was eating delicious shrimp and carrots. Then she bit down on something crunchy. She pulled the thing out of her mouth. She was eating a big cockroach.
Han bought a scratch lottery ticket. He usually did not win, but he still hoped. He scratched the ticket eagerly. Then he doubled over in shock. Han's ticket was a big winner!
It was Jill was at the beach with her kids when the water disappeared. They were confused but continued to play. A huge tsunami wave appeared on the distance and they ran for safety. They ran through the streets trying to reach high ground. Just as the wave crashed they reached safety.
Lance is working hard on building a new room to his house. He works very hard day and night to get in done quick. One night while working all day he wanted to keep going and finish it. He began working while being tired and hammered his hand accidentally. Lance broke his hand and had to go to the hospital.
I sell books on amazon. Somehow a company got the name of my store and address. They sent me a pen with my store's name on it. It was a pen, stylus and a flashlight. I thought about buying a batch but decided the cost was too high.
Jamey was at the beach with his parents. His dad tried to teach Jamey to swim. He picked up Jamey and threw him into the water. Jamey panicked and started flailing about. He realized the water was only about a foot high and felt silly.
Michael had a pet dog. His pet dog was suffering. Michael went to the Vet to see what was wrong. The dog went through surgery as a result. Michael and his dog were happy again.
Rudolph Wagner was finding retirement very boring. He spent his days wondering about the houses he had sold. One day he decided to see if anyone he knew still lived in them. He knocked on the door of a house he sold back in 1974. Now he and his former customer play chess once a week at the Senior Center.
Chloe was unmotivated by her work. She asked her boss to have more responsibilities. The boss agreed. But Chloe couldn't keep up with the new load of work. She had to back off and go back to her old routine.
Bonnie's dad took her to the pound to get a kitten. The one she liked was snuggled with his sister. Bonnie didn't want to have to split them up. Her dad agreed they could take both. But she had to be the one to tell her mother.
I was cutting my grass today. My neighbor's yard needed cut as well. I went ahead and cut his grass too. He pulled in the driveway as I was finishing. He thanked me and told me he would repay the favor.
Jackson needed a new suit. He went to the mall. They had nothing his size. He decided he did not need it that bad. He went back home.
Ann needed pine cones for her art class. She looked at craft stores. They were very expensive! Anne went into the woods instead. There, she collected her own pine cones for free!
One time a friend came over to teach me guitar. He was putting his arm around me as he helped me hold the strings. He kept being very touchy but I did learn something cool. Before he left he hugged me and nearly kissed me. I was grossed out so I didn't talk to him a lot after that.
My friend Harry has two kids. His wife spoils both of them. When the son turned 16, she bought him a car. She posted his reaction on Facebook. Harry had her remove the post, as he thought it conspicuous.
Sarah is a so so player on her basketball team. Her teammates have no faith in her and rarely give her the ball. With time running out and no one else open, they gave Sarah the ball. Sarah launched a three pointer and closed her eyes as time expired. The crowd cheered as Sarah's teammates hugged her.
Kim loves candy. She hides candy in the bathroom, bedroom and living room. One day her mother was doing her laundry and found candy wrappers. So Kim's mother searched the entire house for empty candy wrappers. Later that evening Kim found out she has to go a special camp.
Tom liked Tina. He wanted to ask her to court her. She said yes. He was so excited. They made it official.
Ernie hated wearing glasses. He scheduled an appointment for the eye doctor. He asked the doctor for a prescription for contacts. The doctor agreed and wrote Ernie his prescription. Ernie was able to start wearing contacts instead of glasses.
Everyone waited in line for the new iphone. Joe had waited patiently for 3 hours and was next in line. He walked up and was told they had run out. Joe was furious. He was escorted out by police.
Tom loved his hair. Tom had long hair. Tom also loved playing basketball. Tom could not play basketball well with very long hair. Tom put his hair in a ponytail and played basketball, he was happy.
Susie wanted an iPad. She thought it would be great. Finally she convinced her parents to get one. When she opened it up it was perfect. She couldn't wait to use it.
Charles loves his cousin Anthony. Anthony went to prison more than ten years ago. Charles wrote Anthony a letter that included Charles' phone number. Anthony called Charles collect and they talked. But Charles didn't answer Anthony's call again, it was too expensive.
Gina had taken the streets on a icy, snowy day. She had driven past the highway before, but the streets were worse. She had been stuck in traffic and on an icy hill. And now was re-evaluating the highway. It was packed with traffic, but at least the roads were clear.
Hank was invited to a friend's party. He was anxious about the social atmosphere. On the day of the party, Hank was nervous. When he got to the party, he was warmly greeted. Hank met a new friend, named Jon, at the party.
Kate wanted to go to a museum. She hadn't been since she was a child. She went alone on a Saturday afternoon. She walked alone and viewed the exhibits. It wasn't as fun as she had remembered.
Jerry was hungry one day while watching movies. He got up and went to the kitchen to find a snack. He found a bag of popcorn and put it in the microwave. Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn. When he woke up, he checked the popcorn and it was burned.
Beatrice rides her horse into the sunset. Her husband takes off after her, but the sun has already gone down. He lights a fire but it scares the horse. The horse bucks and he falls off. Beatrice has gone for good.
Samson had always wanted to be a bus driver. From a young age, he loved busses more than any other vehicle. When he was old enough, he pursued his dream of driving a bus. Once he passed his training, he went straight to work. After 20 years in the job, he's still as happy as ever.
Lisa wanted to join the cheerleading team. But, she was in poor shape. Lisa decided to train so she could join the team. She trained for nine months. Lisa finally auditioned and was accepted to the cheerleading team.
Ellen sat rigidly on her chair as a makeup artist took care of her. She was called five minutes later by a runner. She arrived on the TV stage, shining but nervous. The TV announcer started interviewing her. But all Ellen could feel was her makeup trickling down her face.
Jane loved riding her bicycle. One day, Jane was hit by a car while riding her bike. She flew 5 feet in the air. But Jane was wearing her helmet and pads. Jane survived the accident without a scratch.
It was the first day of school. Rachel was very nervous. She had five new classes. Despite being new, she had a good day. She realized she would like this new school.
Sophie just moved into her dorm room at her new college. She is very excited, but also nervous about making new friends. When her new roommate arrives, Sophie helps her move in. Sophie and her roommate quickly find they have a lot in common. Sophie is relieved to be getting along with her new friend so well.
The family decided they needed a new computer. They researched what features they would like. They all went to the electronics store to pick one out. They brought it home and set it up in the family room. They couldn't wait to use it for work and play!
Kyra was a teacher. She was grading test papers. The test papers somehow disappeared. Kyra had to make the students retake the test. The students weren't happy.
Bret has always been a good soccer player. Bret made a video of himself doing soccer tricks. He uploaded it to the internet. His video goes viral and he becomes famous. Bret is a superstar overnight.
Jack gets mistaken for famous chef David Miller at a local restaurant. He is going to tell them the truth until the give him their best table They continue to pamper him all night thinking he is David Miller. Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David. They leave when Jack's shows them a picture of the real David Miller.
Sara like to play fantasy games. She always wanted to be a wizard in a magical land. Her brother told her girls can't be wizards, only witches. Sara got mad at her brother. Her brother's blackeye reminded him not to get his sister mad.
Sally went to friend's house after work. She brought a puppy with her that someone had left at her work. She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy. After 1 hour with the cute puppy he couldn't resist. The puppy has been in Dan's life for 11 Year's now.
Aya had visited family in Colombia, then been stopped on her way back. A Spanish translator told her she was randomly chosen for screening. They put Aya through an X-ray machine and went through her bags. When they found nothing suspicious, they're-packed her things for her. Then they led her out and told her to have a nice day!
I have wanted to try golfing for many years . My husband loves to golf and so I constantly ask him. He has told me many times that he knows I will hate golf. I persisted in asking until one day he said he would take me. He was right I was bad and it was the most boring sport I ever tried.
Our cat nudged me for his food this afternoon. I gave her some cat food. A few minutes later she nudged me again. I put some different food in, but she left. I think she was looking for my wife, whom she favors.
John and Ted worked together. Ted and John had an argument. Just as Ted was about to sit down John pulled his chair away. Ted hit his head on a table and had a concussion. John drove Ted to the hospital.
Aaron had always preferred drinking black tea instead of green tea. His friends tried to convince him to try green tea, but he refused. Finally Aaron ordered a cup of green tea at a restaurant. He was amazed at how delicious the green tea tasted. Aaron wished he had been willing to try green tea much earlier.
Leo is at the carnival. He wants to win his date a prize. He plays the shooting game. He knocks down all the bottles. He wins the prize and gives it to his date.
Bernie was excited. The circus was in town. He had finally convinced his mom to take him. They arrived at the big top and sat down. Bernie had a wonderful time at the circus with his mom.
Nina hated walking to school a mile each way. Then her mom moved, and her walk tripled! Now it was 3 miles there and 3 miles back! Nina fondly remembered her old route. She wished she had only a mile to walk!
My wife always was a bad gambler. She would sit at a slot machine and quickly lose money. We finally taught her blackjack. She was a natural and started winning. She went from a failure to a success like that.
Jenny wanted to make a statue. She had never done any sculpture. She carefully made a mold out of wax. She filled it with bronze. It didn't turn out the way she wanted.
Jesse's father played the drums. Jesse started playing with his father's drum kit. His father decided to teach him to play. Jesse played very well for his age. He was able to join the high school band when he was in middle school.
Tom was a hard worker. He never used any of his sick days. At the end of the year they told him they would expire. Tom wasn't sick but still had to use the days. He decided to go on a short vacation.
Will took his girlfriend Lilly to  her favorite restaurant. Will had arranged for her favorite meal to be prepared in advance. Will hired a violinist to serenade them during their meal. When Will took Lilly home she felt so cared for and amorous. They kissed passionately outside Lilly's door.
Allie wanted to have a large baby shower. It was for her sister. She spent a lot of money organizing. Finally the day came. Her sister was so happy with the outcome.
Tim played a video game. He went online. He tried to beat another team. He lost control of his character. He found out he was hacked.
Adee couldn't wait until Christmas. She saw the tree with all the gifts under it. On Christmas morning she went down to open gifts. She opened the biggest box first. It was exactly what she wanted!
Pete wanted to join the school marching band. He tried to learn to play the trumpet. He failed the audition for the trumpet section. The director suggested that he switch to kazoo. Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout.
John went into the library to check out books about airplanes. He scoped out the books he was interested in and chose four. He went up to the checkout counter. The librarian took his card and said he had charges on his card. He paid the charges and then was able to check out the four books.
The man wanted to be a spy. He looked online for a spy school. He saw an offer for a book about spying. He bought the book. He began his spy training.
One day, Jude was driving when one of his indicator lights came on. He looked up what the light meant in the manual. It turned out that his tire pressure was low. He went to go fill up his tires at a gas station. When he turned the car back on, the light was off.
Kenneth had always wanted a dresser. The only issue was he didn't have any money. Kenneth then went and got a job. He worked hard and saved his money. After many months, Kenneth was able to buy his own dresser.
Sissy loved to play bingo. Sissy asked her friend Melissa to go play bingo with her. Melissa agreed to go with her. She had never played the game before. Melissa won a game that night.
Nina was very creative. One day her grandmother decided to teach her to knit. Because of her creativity and artistic skills, she was a fast learner. She began knitting blankets regularly. She now sells her blankets at craft fairs.
Henrietta bought herself a pair of rain boots. She was excited to finally have a pair of them. She watched the forecast expectantly every day. There was a drought that year and no rain fell for months. Henrietta ended up wearing them on a slightly foggy day.
My niece Anna got my wife a retirement gift last week. It was a bottle of wine. Anna had ordered a wine bag with an inscription, but it came late. Today she delivered it to my wife. It said Happy Retirement with my wife's name.
Kelly bought eggs weeks ago. Unfortunately she forgot about them. They ended up smelling her house. Kelly then had to throw them out. Her house then smelled better.
Laura was invited to her friend's house for dinner. She had a seafood allergy. Laura's friend didn't know about the allergy. Her friend was serving seafood. Laura ordered a pizza for dinner.
It was Tony's and his girlfriend's anniversary today. Tony had great plans. His girlfriend loved movies. So they would go watch one then eat a fancy restaurant. Tony was excited for tonight.
Laura hadn't seen her big sister, Kerry, in years. Kerry was coming to town for one night for a convention. She invited Laura to dinner to catch up. Laura already had dinner plans with Nick, which she planned weeks ago. Laura cancelled her date with Nick and went to meet her sister.
James was out for a morning walk. He had forgotten to tie his right shoe. He tripped over his shoe lace. He felt onto the grass. James ended up bruising his knee from his fall.
Kelly took the bus home from school. When she got home she realized she lost her keys. She looked everywhere for them. Unfortunately she had to wait til her parents got home. Thankfully they made it home and opened the door.
Debra Had just went through a nasty breakup. She was very distraught so she called her mother. Her mother tried to comfort her but to no avail. Debra wound up calling her friend Ray. Ray came to Debra's house and successfully consoled her.
My mom called me last tuesday. She said her toilet wasn't flushing. I told her I would come over to look at it. I noticed standing water on the side yard. I called Gary's sewer service for her.
Gabe is playing in a basketball game. He didn't get many chances to make a basket. To his surprise he gets the ball with seconds remaining. He puts up a shot and closes his eyes. He makes the winning shot and wins the game.
My dog loves rope toys. She chews them up in a day. However, lately she hides them. While I was out shopping, I bought her two new toys. She was happy when I gave them to her.
Joe Blow sighed as the clock finally rolled over to one. There were only two more hours of his shift left. He thought about how he could pass the time. Unfortunately every option lead him to getting fired. That didn't stop him though.
Timothy's father announced they were going to clean out the attic. Timothy grumbled because he wanted to play baseball. But his dad said everyone had to pitch in. After a couple hours, they were done. Finally, Timothy was able to go play ball.
A man loved milk so much he bought his own cow. The cow made so much milk that the man sold off the extra. With the extra money the man bought another cow. Now the man used some of the extra milk to buy a gold watch. Every time he checked his watch he thanked his cows for the milk.
Justin was playing chess with his friend. But he expected to lose like always. He ending up losing and felt that he would never get better. But after his friend helped him, Justin finally won. He decided to practice more until he could beat his friend more often.
Tim wanted to be a positive influence. He started streaming video games. People were attracted to his attitude. His viewership steadily increase. Eventually, he made it his full-time job.
Lily had left her son alone with her husband. She went out and ran some errands. When she came home she saw the Christmas tree was empty. Her toddler had taken all of the ornaments off. She scolded him and her husband for not noticing.
Amy was at lunch by herself. Her crush Ray sat down at her table. Amy was surprised because Ray hadn't been speaking to her. Ray and Amy spent their lunch break laughing and talking. Amy was elated when Ray invited her to a movie.
Jane was playing with friends. They all decided to run up a hill. Jane struggled to get up. Everyone encouraged her to keep going. Eventually she made it.
Steve rented a beach house in Mississippi for a week. He planned to propose to his girlfriend. Steve proposed to his girlfriend during a romantic sunset. She said yes. They had a happy marriage.
The dog chased the rabbit around the yard. The rabbit was very fast. The dog nearly caught the rabbit twice. The rabbit ran under the fence. The rabbit managed to get away.
Gary purchased a pet rabbit from the store. He allowed it to roam free throughout the house. The rabbit urinated on the couch and scratched up several doors. It also ran away. Gary tried to chase it but he couldn't keep up.
Today Kyle's teacher called his mom. The teacher was upset that Kyle was disrupting the class. Kyle was making jokes while she was teaching. When Kyle got home, his MOm yelled at him for acting up in class. She grounded him for a week.
Gina came home to find her mom's cousin Sherry was visiting. She watched the kids while their mom worked. Sherry wouldn't let them watch anything on TV. She made them play outside all day. Gina was mad she couldn't stay inside in the air conditioning.
My sister in law had a bad cough two weeks ago. She went to a doctor and got cough medicine. The cough did not improve and she saw the doctor again. He prescribed steroids. I told my sister in law to stop smoking.
My social media accounts have few followers. I felt so bad about it that I started cheating. I make burner email addresses and make accounts on social media sites. Then I like and follow my own accounts. I still get no attention, but it doesn't feel quite so bad.
Barney was camping in the woods. The weather was worse than Barney had expected. The wind blew Barney's tent away. He was pelted and soaked with rain. A day or so later, Barney was sick with a cold.
Bobby had a hard time talking to girls. His brother suggested that he just force himself to do it. This way, Bobby would gradually become more comfortable. He tried this technique at school the next day. He found that talking to girls wasn't so hard after all.
Tim ordered some pizza. It was taking a long time. He was bored. He decided to play chess to pass the time. Before he knew it, the pizza was at his house.
Suzana was about to first start school. She was only 5 years old. Her daddy walked her to school. He wiped away the tears from his face. Suzy went to the classroom to learn for the first time.
My mom threw my homework in the trash. She tied the bag and threw it in the dumpster outside. I spent several searching for my homework. When she told me that she threw it away, I was frustrated. The rest of my night was spent completing it again.
Kiley had a bug bite on her leg. She kept scratching at the bite. The bite got infected. She had to go to the doctor. Kiley was treated for a staph infection.
I walked outside and looked up. Snowflakes fell gently onto my face. I was impervious to the bitter cold air. I didn't even shiver. It was then that I began to see winter as a sort of emotional shield.
Kara was walking with her headphones in one day. She wasn't watching where she was going. She bumped into a very big dog on accident. The dog started to growl and bark at her. Luckily the owner came out and stopped the dog from attacking.
Lisa was hungry. She decided to make some rolls. Lisa loved rolls. When they got out of the oven they were great. She immediately ate five.
Jill was the building manager of her apartment. She went hall to hall sweeping and cleaning. She noticed a new tenant had put out a doormat. Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone. She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it.
My mom tried to make lasagna from scratch. She began to lay out the pasta in an iron pan. Afterwards, she placed tomato and several other ingredients on top. Since she cooked the pasta for a small amount of time, it was thard. Everyone couldn't eat it since it couldn't be bitten.
Donald really wanted a puppy. He pleaded with his mother and father to buy him one. They agreed that he could have one if he improved his report card. Donald studied hard for the rest of the school year. He ended up with a straight A report card and a puppy for the summer.
The man shaves his beard. His skin underneath had a rash. He put some cream on his face. The rash cleared up. The man did not grow a beard again.
Tom got a new job at a factory. He wasn't paying much attention his first day. He got his arm stuck in some machinery. Tom was crippled. He wasn't able to work there again.
Kerry got tickets to the Lions game. She invited her friends to go with her. Regretfully they declined. Kerry went alone and had a great time. Kerry sends passive aggressive texts to her friends afterward.
Joe loves his girlfriend. Unfortunately he often gets jealous. Last week he saw her talking to a friend. He walked up and interrupted. It was rude and he apologized but she still dumped him.
George was about to participate in his first professional fight. He approached the entrance and waited for his cue to enter the ring. Once he was inside, the announcer announced him and his opponent. They advanced towards each other once the bell sounded. George proved his skills and won his first match.
I was at my aunt's house. She asked my cousin to wake up my other cousin. So she went to his room. I heard a trumpet. Then I heard her being chased.
Nina was walking through the park. Suddenly, she saw something on a bench. It was a wallet, and she dug through it. She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner. Instead, she decided to keep it for herself.
The court case was very complicated. The judge listened patiently to both sides. He issued his ruling against the defendant. The prosecution was pleased with the outcome. It had been a tough battle.
Molly wanted to name her baby sister. She read a long list on baby names. Molly had narrowed her search down to five names. She kept it a secret from her parents. Molly gave her sister the nickname April.
My son had a container of two swimming frogs. He named the frogs Spot and Wave. One day our cat knocked the frog container over. The frogs came out and the cat played with them. Only one of them survived.
James had a bad reputation. He would tell huge lies for fun. He told Kate that he'd been in NASA. When she found out the truth, she was very embarrassed. She didn't trust him anymore.
He doesn't recognize the street he's on. He pulls into a gas station and goes in. He asks the clerk for directions. The clerk tells him how to get to his destination. He gets back in his car and follows the directions.
James was walking out his front door. His front step was unstable. James stepped on the step and it broke. His foot went through the step. James fractured his ankle.
My dad bought my first computer when I was 9 years old. I loved the internet very much. I spent hours on my computer every day my whole life. My father always worried about me because he thought I was addicted. Now I am a computer programmer and I make a lot of money.
Carlos is a detainee at Guantanamo He is innocent and has not done anything. They torture him for information. He never can confess because he has no info. He ends up dying.
Since Carlton was a small he child he dreamt of being a cop. He applied to a great college with a criminal justice department. Four years later he graduated with his degree. Carlton applied to his local police force and started training. Six months later his dreams finally came true!
Madison was at the grocery store. She decided to grab a newspaper. She was flipping through it when she saw a picture of herself. It was in a story about the local park. She was so proud, she cut it out and saved it.
George and Jeff were identical twins. They loved to play tricks on people. One day Jeff pretended to be George at school. Unfortunately, George had a test that Jeff had not studied for. After getting a bad grade, George did not switch places again.
Eliza took the elevator to the 34th floor. Halfway there, the elevator ground to a halt. Eliza and the other people in the elevator pressed the help button. No one answered them. Eliza helped pry the elevator door open, and crawled to safety.
Anna was on a picnic in the park. She was pouring sweet soda to drink. Suddenly a bee flew onto the rim of her cup. Anna swished at it, but it grew mad and stung her! Anna cried from the pain of the sting.
Wilma drove her car with Toya. While they were on the road, Toya went to sleep. Wilma wanted to wake her up. She decided to make a quick stop by heavily pressing the brakes. Toya's head flew into the window.
Erika was enjoying a walk down a suburban road. She noticed a turtle attempting to cross the street. Erika ran to pick up the turtle. She set the turtle down on the opposite side of the road. Continuing her walk, Erika kept her eyes open for more turtles.
My husband usually feeds the dogs. We use a dehydrated food mixed with water. I just tried to mix it for them and they just looked at me. One of the dogs slightly snarled. I guess I'll wait until my husband gets home!
Martha was stressed from work. She wanted to find a way to relax. She went to get a massage. She got a massage for 2 hours. She left the massage parlor feeling way more relaxed.
Cleo liked to eat cheese. His science teacher taught the class how cheese was made. Cleo was disgusted that cheese was essentially made of mold. Cleo couldn't stomach eating cheese any longer. He never ate cheese again.
Frank didn't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer. The reason is Charles didn't list his previous phone job experience. But Charles didn't consider that job a professional job. Frank was offended and didn't offer Charles a position. Frank's boss was upset and demanded Frank hire Charles.
The kids parents died. He was sent to a foster home. The parents were negligent. The kid like life was unfair. He wrote a book about it.
Sky liked to spray paint art around her town. Some people called it graffiti, but Sky called it art. She worked hard at it, and people noticed. One day she was invited to attend the City Taggers' Meeting! Sky was proud that her work had been so widely recognized.
Devo told his parents that he was going out with friends for the day. When the night dropped Devo was nowhere to be found. His parents called for a search party and searched far and wide. They had lost all hope and returned home to sleep for the night. They never found Devo and until this day wonder where he went.
Katie needed new tap shoes. She told her mom. They spent the afternoon looking for dance shoes. They finally found the pair she needed. Katie was glad to start dance in new shoes.
Kia was terrified of her first plane ride. As the plane took off she almost fainted. But then she glanced out the window in awe. She realized how beautiful everything was! Kia decided plane rides weren't so bad after all.
Tammy woke up one bright morning. She brushed her teeth and made herself breakfast. She looked at her watch and realized that she missed her bus. Tammy ran out the front door and decided to walk to work. She made it to work with just enough time to spare.
It was my anniversary last weekend. My boyfriend surprised me with a fancy dinner. He took me to a five star restaurant. We both ordered the chicken cacciatore. It was a perfect dinner.
Marie couldn't decide what to be for Halloween. A lot of her friends were dressing as princesses. She didn't want to look like everyone else. Her parents took her to the costume shop. After looking at all of the costumes, she decided to be a cat.
Amanda had a sleepover with her friends. They watched a movie together. Things seemed boring and quiet. Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn. The girls were happy and thankful.
Martin bought a new house. He invited his friends over. They had a big party. Suddenly, a water pipe burst. It flooded the whole kitchen.
Ashley met a very attractive man at the gym. She saw him everyday and finally decided to talk to him. He asked her out on a date and she was very nervous. She realized she had never seen him outside of the gym. When he picked her up she saw that he was the worst dressed man ever.
Once there was a girl named Lily who had trouble falling asleep. Whenever she tried to sleep, she would worry about things. She tried several tricks for sleeping but none of them worked. Finally, her best friend gave her a special stuffed bear. By hugging the bear, Lily would finally relax and fall asleep!
I was so tall that I didn't fit my hospital bed. The doctor wheeled me down the hallway. On the way, my feet kept hitting the doorways. He laughed and made fun of my height. He told me next time to let him know so he could order a longer bed.
Kim was at the bar over the weekend. Someone next to her started smoking. She asked them to put it out. They refused. She alerted the staff and they forced him to.
It was race day and Sambal Slamlble got into his car. He looked over to his opponent Sorbol Smoalbol. Smoalbal smiled back at him and lined up at the starting point. They both revved their engines, but he starting signal never came. The race commencer had a heart attack, canceling the race.
Kim wanted a puppy. Kim's mom said if she showed she was responsible, she could get it. Kim started helping more around the house. After a few weeks, Kim's mom decided it was time to get the puppy. Kim picked a beautiful labrador puppy.
Linda loved motorcycles. She wanted to buy one for herself one day. Linda's brother rode motorcycles often. One day he got in a bad accident and almost died. Since the accident Linda was afraid of motorcycles.
Neil loved sightseeing in Germany. But he was a Jew and he wanted to make a somber detour. He joined a tour to the site of Auschwitz. There, he prayed for the Holocaust victims. When he left, he felt sad, but glad he had gone.
The company stopped accepting credit cards. The customers didn't bring cash. The company installed an automatic teller machine. The customers got cash from the machine. The company made money from the fees on the machine.
Carlos hated the color of his fence. So he decided to paint it. Carlos got new paint from the store. He began to paint his fence. Carlos loved the new color of his fence.
Jane noticed that her classmate Dan smelled bad every day. Jane became annoyed, and asked Dan why he smelled bad. Dan told Jane that he couldn't afford hygiene products. Jane felt guilty for judging Dan, and bought him hygiene products. Dan was very thankful and Jane became friends with him.
Ed and Mia had paid hundreds of dollars for the perfect wedding cake. An intoxicated guest bumped into it, knocking it off its table. Mia's mother had to rush to the grocery store to buy cupcakes. Everyone was afraid that Mia would be angry. Mia was so happy to be married to Ed that she didn't even care.
Miranda wanted to paint her living room. She went to a home improvement store to find paint. While looking at paint swatches, a handsome man approached her. They hit it off and exchanged numbers. Their first date was painting Miranda's living room.
I sat in a rowboat. The waves were crashing over the sides. My little rowboat was taking on water. I tried to bail it out, but I wasn't fast enough. I'm glad that I knew how to swim.
Jason was a very smart boy, but he always rushed through his work. If the work was very easy, he would turn it in very fast. Because he worked so fast, he always made mistakes. His teacher talked to him about always rushing, and Jason listened. From then on, Jason never rushed through his work again.
Ana had a dance recital to participate in. Her teacher required that they wear their hair in a bun. Ana didn't know how to put her hair in a bun. She asked her friend to do her hair. Ana's friend made her beautiful bun and Ana was happy.
Perry knew he would have to leave to go back to college soon. He didn't want to leave because he fell in love with a girl. Perry asked the girl if he stayed, would she marry him. She told him no and that it was just a summer fling. Perry was crushed, yet he went back to college with a laser focus.
Keith was a restaurant critic. He was visiting a dining establishment one night. It was half an hour before Keith was waiting on. The food was only mediocre. Keith didn't give the restaurant a good review.
Tim had just gotten home from work. He decided to relax by listening to his favorite band Papadosio. He turned on his stereo system to full volume. Tim started dancing to the music. Afterwards, Tim's neighbor filed a noise complaint.
Yesterday I went on my very first roller coaster. I was excited to go on but also nervous. As soon as we took off I screamed as loud as I could. We tossed and turned and I felt sick. Thankfully the ride was over quickly.
Xeno Mcmeano was very skilled at his role. Unfortunately, he was also very opinionated, and liked to argue. This made people naturally dislike him, despite him being right. Xeno thought that maybe he should become kinder and gentler. Ultimately though he decided to give middle fingers to all the haters.
Jasmine's favorite holiday is Christmas. She looks forward to seeing Santa the most. Jasmine's mom took her to see Santa a week before Christmas. Jasmine spent 20 minutes with Santa. Jasmine gave her wishlist to Santa and smiled.
Chad decided to hang up some pictures. While he was hammering the nail, he hit his thumb. It hurt pretty bad, and Chad got mad. Chad put down the hammer and walked away. He decided today was not a good day to hang pictures!
Me and Jenny was playing a video game. We were playing Mario Kart. I was doing great. Then out of nowhere Jenny got a blue shell. I was hit by the blue shell and I lost.
Francis bought a pie at the grocery store. He decided to eat the entire pie at once. Francis felt sick after eating the pie. He began to regret eating the pie. Francis decided to eat pies more gradually in the future.
Last summer I went to a concert. The concert was in a park, so I decided to dress in cooler clothes. I met my best friend in the parking lot of the venue. We walked into the concert together. We listened to our favorite music for three hours.
Jim wanted to be his own boss. He went to the bank to get a loan to start his business. The bank would not lend him all the money he needed. In an attempt to have the start up money he started a crowdfunding. Jim raised the money and is working on opening his business.
Rosa liked to cook spicy foods. She invited her friend Denny over for dinner. Rosa served the food and the two sat down. Denny couldn't eat because the food was too fiery. Rosy apologized for her seasoning.
I packed the family in the car and headed to the grocery store. I forgot my credit card at home, and didn't have any cash on me. We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week. We got to the register and couldn't pay. It was very embarrassing.
Anna bought a gym membership and signed up for personal training. When she met her personal trainer, she told him her fitness goals. Anna's trainer designed a difficult fitness routine for her. Every other day, Anna worked really hard at the gym. Over time, Anna lost weight and her health improved.
Marcia had a big problem with her addiction. For years now, she spent several hours on Reddit forums each day. She neglected spending time with her husband. She even neglected her hygiene. Marcia's husband filed for a divorce last month.
Seven days ago i had my furniture move from a storage. The company that I hired promise me the delivery of three days. It was four days before i received my furniture. Some of my furniture was missing when they arrived at my home. I file a complaint and got partially refund.
Mikey unloaded the heavy boxes from the delivery truck. He carted them down the dark hall to the storage room in the back. There, he carefully extracted the mannequins, packed in bubble wrap. He propped them up against the wall and started back down the hall. Mikey froze in his tracks as he heard popping sounds from behind him.
Sam got himself something to drink. He set it on the edge of the table. His cat got close to it. Sam told him to get away. The cat knocked over the drink anyway.
Mike was throwing a basketball against the side of his garage. One of this throws bounced the ball too much. It careened down his driveway and into the street. A passing car flattened it with a popping sound. Mike looked on sadly at his road-kill basketball.
My wife's nephew had drug addiction problems for years. He was on methadone, trying to recover from heroin addiction. He celebrated the capture of the Tsarnaev terrorist by shooting up. Unfortunately, he overdosed and died. He was cremated a few days later.
Lisa was having her first ice skating competition today. She was nervous but she also felt very prepared. She had been skating since she was three, so she had experience. The competition was about two hours long. Finally at the end of the event, she won a medal.
I went to the north pole once. It was part of a scientific expedition. We were supposed to get ice samples from deep ice cores. It was important research to prevent catastrophic climate change. But really I just went so that I can finally kill a penguin.
Alex didn't write well, but he loved to read. He liked how he could immerse himself in fantasy worlds through books. His parents urged him to study other things. They worried he'd have a hard time finding a job. But Alex got hired right after school - as a book critic!
Jude didn't have his father around and joined a gang. He liked the brotherhood aspect, and the close bonds. He started to rethink his decision after a couple friends got shot. He tried to leave the gang, but was told he couldn't leave alive. He moved out of town, changed names and his appearance to start anew.
Eric was not especially athletic. When the class gathered for dodge ball, he didn't expect to do well. One by one people were knocked out. Eric and a huge boy named Chuck were the only ones left. They Chuck got hit by the ball Eric threw, making Eric the winner!
Chester was a cartoonist for hire. He was hired by Fox to make a new cartoon. The cartoon was called Chester the Arrester. It was about a guy name Chester arresting people in unusual ways. The cartoon was praised for it's originality.
Jordan is an entrepreneur at heart. He wants to start his own business. He enrolls himself in his local college's business classes. In those classes he meets Daniel, who also wants to start a business. Jordan and Daniel start their own business together.
Striker was a very slow boy. He had trouble keeping up with his classmates. He struggled with reading and mathematics. One day Striker's teacher noticed him drawing a map. It turned out Striker was a savant with maps and had great talent.
Sam started to get headaches. She never experienced them so frequently. She noticed she would see spots. She finally went to the doctor. Sam was diagnosed with migraines.
One day, it was raining very hard. James overheard his grandpa say that it was raining cats and dogs. James was surprised! He hadn't seen any cats and dogs. Finally,his grandpa told him that that just meant it was raining hard.
One day Marianna decided to write a book. She sat down at her desk and pulled out her notebook and pen. She began to write the first page but her hand started to hurt. She realized she needed to write the book on her computer. She grabbed her laptop and wrote the first few chapters of her book.
I do not walk well because of a stroke. Thus, I am much slower walker than the average person. I purchased a transport chair recently, for longer walks. I asked my 99 year old friend if he needed one. He said he can still walk with a walker.
Ben and Pam have been arguing a lot lately. They are very unhappy together. They decide to go to marriage counseling. The couple attend counseling every week for the next 2 years. Ben and Pam are a lot happier and are still married.
Tom and his friends were playing baseball. It was a good game. Unfortunately Tom hit the ball into the window. The window smashed. Tom was then grounded.
Sean was craving some hot cocoa. He made a mug of it and took a sip. It was too watery. He decided to add a bit of milk. Luckily that was enough to make it creamier.
Scott lost his job. Scott had nobody to turn to. So he went to the liquor store to buy some booze. When he got home he drank all the booze. Weeks went on and Scott developed a drinking problem.
Oliver was celebrating his birthday. One of his friends gave him a videogame that he already owned. He took the game to a video game store. The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one. So, he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile.
Sidney was a great cook. Cajun food was her favorite thing to cook. She made a big pot of gumbo. She fed it to her kids and husband and they all loved it. Sidney decided to try jambalaya next.
Maggie and her friends were excited to see Rosie's show live. The girls eagerly sat in their seats in the auditorium waiting. When Rosie came on stage, the cloud clapped. At the end of the show, the girls were thrilled. Maggie and her friends were happy to go home.
The kids heard a loud noise coming down the street. An ambulance flew past them. They chased after it and saw it turn into the park. Their friend Tommy had fallen off the slide. The paramedics loaded him up and whisked him away.
Scott and his three brothers went rafting every spring. They loved how the experience bonded them strongly together. They went through near death accidents together and survived. Until one brother fell down and died. Since then, the three brothers don't raft anymore and mourn.
Wendy was planning on walking with her baby. She got him all dressed and put him in a sling. When she went outside, it was extremely rainy. She decided that he couldn't be out in that weather. She turned around and brought him home.
We found a tadpole in my mom's pool. The pool was about to be drained so we got the tadpole out. We put him in a jar and named him Ted. When we got home we sat up an aquarium for him and got him some food. He is growing but he is not a frog yet.
Oliver didn't know what size pot he needed for the roast. He shopped around and eventually decided to buy three. The first pot was very big and the second was very small. The third pot was just right. Unfortunately, he spent all his money on pots.
Walden dug a hole in the ground. He put a plastic bag in the hole. He filled the hole with water. He sat in the hole. He called the hole a pool.
Amber turned the television on, and noticed her cable wasn't working. She called the company, and was told there was an outage. Amber went to the store and bought a digital antenna. She installed it on her television. Amber was able to watch basic channels without any issues.
My friend just texted me. Her boyfriend proposed to her. Her ring was beautiful! She was so happy. I am so happy for her.
Ken was at a bar with an electric bull. His friends goaded him into trying it out. Ken was nervous but thought it would be fun. He got bucked off immediately. Kevin and everyone else laughed.
Kya wanted a snake as a pet. At first her mom refused. But finally Kya sweet-talked her into it. She got a small boat and brought it home. Eventually her mom admitted the snake was actually kind of cute!
Me and my mother decided on heading to the restaurant for some food. As we drove there, we decided on what we'd be eating beforehand. Once seated, I ordered the steak and she informs me they're out. I was baffled, and wondered how exactly can a restaurant run out. We just left, and went to the Burger King across the street instead!
It was time to play games with my friends. We had four balls to play with. The best was the blue ball. Unfortunately, my friend Tim wanted to play with it. We both decided to compromise and share the blue ball.
Cindy enjoyed knitting sweaters for her boyfriend. She was hurt, though, because he never liked to wear them. She insisted he wear the latest one she had made. Several days later, she noticed angry red spots on his back and torso. She didn't know he was allergic to the yarn she had been using.
I went to play Blackjack at the casino. At one point, I was up two hundred dollars. I was so excited and felt so powerful I tried to win two hundred more. I played blackjack into the night. By morning, I was down one hundred dollars.
James is going to be a father. He wants to build his child a crib. He buys lumber, hammer and nails. He works for a week on the crib. James has built a beautiful crib for his baby.
Chase was very depressed. he attempted suicide via an overdose of pills. But his attempt failed. When Chase woke up in the hospital, he realized he needed help. Chase signed up for therapy right then and there.
Hannah and her friends decided to go on a hike. Before they left she decided she wanted to bring her dog, Kobe. Hannah was worried her friends might be annoyed she was bringing Kobe. However, Kobe was excellently behaved for the duration of the hike. Hannah was thrilled to take out her dog and be with her friends.
It wasn't long ago that I started working on this website. I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time. With my experience there were simply none to be had. So I started grinding away until I found this wonderful set of hits. Today I sadly finished the last hit in this wonderful set.
Alice and John decided to make a snowman. They did not have gloves and scarfs. They got wet and cold. They came home. Their mom made them sweet tea.
Karen's grandmother gave her two gifts for Christmas. One was a videogame that she really liked. The other was twenty dollars to give to another person or charity. Karen thought very hard about what to do with the money. She donated it to a group that bought books for poor children.
Kelly wanted to try the new pizza place down the street. As she went inside, she was impressed. They had everything under the sun. Kelly ordered every topping. She couldn't wait to go back.
Tommy was auditioning for a theatre show. He knew what he was doing and was prepared. He had to wait for 2 hours. He auditioned and did well. He got the gig.
Kate figured her day would get better after a hot shower. She turned the shower on and waited. The water never reached any temperature above luke-warm. Braving the cool water, Kate quickly showered. Tomorrow, she would need to get up before the rest of her family.
Celeste read a lot of Platonic dialogues. She wanted to emulate the character of Socrates. She began walking around downtown and chatting with people. Some were friendly, but most were hostile toward her. Celeste was unsure if she shook anyone's epistemological foundations.
Tom let his friend borrow his car. The friend claimed to be responsible. Tom got the car back late. The inside was really messy. Tom never let him borrow his car again.
The light bulb in the Jose dining room went out. In order to change the lightbulb he has to climb a ladder. Jose is scared of heights but decides to tackle the choir. He climbed up several rungs of the ladder. However he got scared and climbed down before he changed the bulb.
Josh worked in the oil field which was in decline. He needed a way to make extra money. He asked his friends for help. Amy suggested a site which had helped her. Josh found a new job there and makes extra money.
Jill had just recently gotten a parrot. It would not stop chirping at night. It kept Jill up all night long for weeks. Jill could not focus on her work due to the lack of sleep. She had to give her parrot to her parents to take care of.
The man issued a command. His crew obeyed the command. He rewarded the crew with extra vacation. They felt thankful. They worked even harder in the future.
Andrew was ready to settle down and get married. But the location where he was to settle down was the problem. His advertising firm wanted him to relocate to New York City. He proposed to his girlfriend and promised her a home in New York. But she turned him down, the New York lifestyle was too fast or her.
Mary was excited when her husband told her they won the lottery. Her first purchase was going to be a new car. The car dealer helped her pick out a car with all the options. Mary came back home so she and her husband could claim the ticket. She was disappointed when he told her they had won four dollars.
Julie wanted to try out for her high school's soccer team. She was never a good athlete, but she tried anyways. She went to a conditioning session to train before the try outs. She only made it halfway through conditioning before she passed out. Needless to say, she did not try out for the team after all.
Some friends and I went mountain climbing. They kept wanting to take pictures. I told them the best view was at the top. Even when they wanted to stop and go back, I told them to move on. They finally realized that the top of the mountain had the best view.
Marcus knows that he has to make something special for brunch. He decides to cook bacon for his brunch guests. He chooses a delicious bacon and cooks it very carefully. His guests are very happy with how the bacon comes out. Marcus is proud of the bacon he has served for brunch.
Amy was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids. She was invited by her crush Ray. She thought Ray liked her and wanted her there. When she arrived he was there with another girl. Amy finally realized her and Ray were not meant to be.
Today I had lunch alone. I tried to sit with people, but they left me. I was so sad. When I walked home from school I cried. Someone came up to me on the road and told me to not worry.
I played three games of speed chess tonight. I lost the first two. I was able to fork my opponent's queen and king on the last game. My opponent resigned. It was not a bad night for playing chess.
Chucky was having a hard time landing a job. He just recently graduated college. He went to apply for a bank job. He was nervous but he got a call from the bank. Chucky interviewed and landed the job.
Charles decided to go look for a Christmas tree. He walked to the woods behind his house. He searched for hours until he found the perfect tree. When he found it he chopped it down. He took it home and decorated the tree.
Mattie is a freshman in high school. She forgot her locker combination. Her friend Lisa is her locker partner. Lisa remembered their locker combination. Mattie was able to get her books for class.
Ike went to his favorite bar one night. He ordered a drink and drank it fast. He kept the empty glass instead of leaving it behind. He took it home and washed it. He only drinks beer from that glass at home.
Mario hadn't seen his wife in days. He began to get worried. He decided to contact the police. The police conducted an investigation. Mario's wife was found safe and sound.
There was a power outage at Mike's house. He was hungry. But all he had were canned beans. He walked over to his electric can opener. But it didn't start.
Kelsi was getting married. She was getting her makeup done. It was taking forever. She was eager to be done. But she still had another hour left.
Jessie missed her mother. She sent her mother a message to tell her that. Her mother did not believe it. Jessie rarely said nice things to her mom. Jessie decided to be be nicer in the future.
Late last night there was a knock on my door. I answered and there was nobody there so I shut the door. An hour later there was another knock and again no one was there. I started to think silly thoughts about ghosts. I did some investigating and it was just the wind so I went to bed.
We found ants in the water of our Keurig. We googled this topic and found this was common for Keurigs. We flushed the machine but the ants came back. We put out ant traps but a few came back. They are finally gone, although we do not know the reason.
Frank got a Valentine's date for tonight. He decided to take her to his brothers restaurant. His brother owned a nice five star restaurant. He picked her up at night and they drove to his brothers restaurant . They eat a good meal and had a good time.
Sally was new at her high school. She was very eager to make new friends. Some boys invited her to a party at their house. She knew there would be bad things there and she should not go. Sally went to the party anyways.
The waiter brought the food to the table. He spilled one plate as he was setting it down. He cleaned up the mess he had made. The customer laughed at him while he cleaned. The waiter smiled in humility.
Greg was kayaking in the ocean. All of a sudden, a huge whale popped up in front of him! The whale made a big splash. Gary wished he'd had his camera rolling. He told all his friends about the amazing experience.
One summer I decided to go see my best friend at his new home. I flew to Boise to go see him. We talked about what to do for fun during the week. We decided to take a road trip and explore the west. We drove to San Francisco since we both always wanted to see the city.
Jane was riding her bike after a rain storm. Her tire slipped on some wet leaves, and Jane took a spill. She suffered a small fracture in her wrist. The doctor had to put a cast on her wrist. Despite the awkward cast on her wrist, Jane went riding the next day.
Pedro picked weeds from the garden. He put the weeds into a pile. He left the weeds in the hot sun. The next week he went back to the garden. The weeds were dried and brown.
Myers always wanted to juggle but couldn't. One day, he went to the circus. He watched them jiggle and started learning. One day, he was finally able to juggle. Myers joined the circus and became a natural.
I woke up in the middle of the morning. I tried to walk to the bathroom despite walking in the dark. As I was walking, something small touched my leg. I quickly jumped and ran away. However, I landed in the trash can.
Linda was looking forward to decorating her home. She decided that redecorate her whole house. However Linda was lacking some decorating inspiration. She went to pinterest and started browsing for ideas. After a few hours Linda knew exactly how she wanted her home to look.
Jenna had just bought a new bottle of foundation. She was having a hard time getting the lid off. Suddenly, she yanked it open. A glob of foundation flew onto the mirror. Jenna had to clean it up with cleaning spray.
Kelley looked outside her window. She has new neighbor's. She immediately ran outside to greet them. They greeted her with open arms. Kelley was so happy to see them.
Tora was getting self-conscious about her face as she aged. She decided to try to improve her wrinkles and lines. She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it. After an hour, she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror. To her pleasure, Tora saw that her fine lines had been diminished!
A man won the lottery and took his earning to the desert. He dug a deep hole and threw the money in. He covered it up and cleared his tracks. The man drew a map to where the money was. He left and didn't tell anyone about what happened.
Tina and her sister made gingerbread houses. The girls made sure to get lots of candy. When they were done with the candy it was great. They went to taste it. It tasted amazing.
Lauren is usually a nice girl. One day she comes across someone who is hurt, and lashes out on her. She didn't handle the person's anger correctly, making it worse. The person ultimately stabbed her. Lauren decided to let people lash out and just deal with it.
Steve was a guy who enjoyed the simple pleasures of life. One of these pleasures was a good walk. He was always so happy just taking a brisk walk around the park. Today was an especially beautiful day. Steve walked around, smiling blissfully.
Rose was visiting New York City. She wanted to see Times Square. She took a cab right to the middle of it. There, she gaped at all the lights and action. She took photos to remember it forever!
Jody was swimming at the beach. She was pretty far out and diving under small waves. Suddenly, a strong current began to pull her. She remembered warning signs and tried to remain calm. Slowly, she managed to make it to the shore.
Sam had never played pool before. He thought it looked fun. He wound up beating all his friends. They thought he cheated. Sam took it as a compliment.
Sam was cooking at home. He was making burgers. He decided to flip it up in the air with the pan. He missed it on the way down. It ruined his meal.
I went out to dinner with my friends last night. We went to a fancy restaurant to eat. I realized that I had forgotten my wallet. My friends picked up my part of the bill. What great friends I have.
I was in high school when i had my first kiss. It was on the chick but it was memorable for me. At first, i know that he is shy to kiss me . But then he did it but with respect because it was on the chick. After that we were both shy and can't even speak.
Mike tried out for the high school basketball team. He was cut from the team because he was not tall or fast enough. He was upset but he was determined to become better. During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt. He tried out again the next season and made the team.
Randall had always wanted to try a sport. A friend recommended he try playing soccer. Randall practiced every day until he was great. Finally he was a soccer player. Randall was happy that he had finally tried a sport.
David came back from a jog. He needed to take a shower. The bathroom was occupied. David was too impatient to wait. He grabbed a bucket of water and soap and bathed outside.
When my teacher came into class, she looked angry. Her hair was untidy and clothes were wrinkled. Matters got worse when she gave us a surprise quiz. It had 60 questions about material we didn't covered in class. In addition, she gave us a huge load of homework.
Alex was in training to be a police officer. He wasn't in the best shape. Alex failed the physical assessment. Alex started working out. He took the test again and passed.
Jim got a tattoo when he was younger. It was an impulsive decision. After a while Jim really didn't like it. He decided to get it removed. It was costly but worthwhile.
Lucy had a problem with drugs. She wanted badly to quit, but she lacked the will. Finally she decided to check herself into treatment. There, she finally cleared her head and got help. The rehab helped Lucy finally get clean for good!
Tom was playing at the arcade. He kept winning. Unfortunately he really had to pee. Tom had to step away and go pee. He rushed back but someone else had already lost for him.
Wesley was ecstatic when he heard his favorite band would be in town. He tried to stay up late to buy tickets, but fell asleep too early. The next morning, he was heartbroken to realize the show was sold out. But when he went downstairs, his parents were waiting with 3 tickets. It was the best surprise Wesley had ever received.
Jasmine doesn't know how to play the guitar. She asked her dad to take her to guitar class. Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class. Jasmine has been taking the class for over a year now. Jasmine has become very good at playing the guitar.
Tim bought new laundry detergent. He washed all his clothes with it. The next day he tried wearing what he washed. He was insanely itchy all day. Tim never bought that detergent again.
William was tired of being a materialistic man. He sold all his possessions. He gave all his money to the poor. And he decided to go on a retreat. But with no money he made it to the soup kitchen.
Sonya's neighbor wasn't feeling well. She went to check on her. The old woman hadn't been eating. Sonya began to bring her food to eat. Sonya's neighbor started to feel better.
When I was walking, I bumped into Bill. He thought I did it on purpose, and he ended up kicking me. My leg was fractured and I ended up falling on the ground. One of the staff members called my mom. She immediately took me to the hospital.
It was Oliver's birthday. He had opened a lot of presents, but he had one favorite. It was a toy car with a remote control. He spent the entire day playing with it, all over the house. He thanked his parents for it a bunch.
Louis hates exercise as much as he loves video games. When his girlfriend asks him to get into shape, he joins a gym. But the gym is boring, so Louis quits going. One day a friend asks Louis if he's head of Pokemon Go. Now Louis walks to get in shape and to play video games.
Roy was a retired construction worker who lived alone. He had recently been widowed and was looking for some company. One day Roy's son and his grandchildren showed up with a surprise. The surprise was a new bulldog puppy! At first, Roy was nervous but he quickly fell in love with the dog.
Kate found a stray cat. It was really malnourished. She took it home and fed it. It went into shock from too much food. Unfortunately it died.
It was Shawn's first office party at his new job. He had been looking forward to this for weeks. People kept telling him how wild they were, but he didn't know. When he arrived his office looked like a strip club movie scene. And all he brought was his mom's potato salad and some coke zero.
Ben stayed after school for an important event. Once the event was finished, everyone went home. Ben had to wait on campus since his mom is picking him up. She told him that she would be there soon. She ended up coming 1-2 hours later.
Jess was a technophile. He already had within his possessions, six mobile phones. Even still, he felt envy with each new phone release. When the the latest Samsung phone hit the store shelves, he went out. He returned home with his seventh phone.
Ed was watching a sad movie with his girlfriend. He did not want to cry in front of her. But the movie was so sad, he could not help it! He looked over to see her reaction. Thankfully, she was not turned off by his show of emotion.
Dan thought it would be cool to ride a motorcycle. He took a motorcycle license course and passed. He shopped for a bike and found a cool Harley. That night, the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle. Dan's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage.
Luke is driving down the road one evening. It's dark outside and raining. Luke looks away to turn the radio station. His eyes come back to the windshield. It's too late as Luke has slid off into a telephone pole.
Nancy was taking a karate class. Nancy was gearing to face another individual for a black belt. Nancy was confident that she could beat her opponent. However, her opponent was a great challenge for Nancy. Nancy realized that she was not so tough.
On my first day of college, I moved into my new dorm. Upon arriving, I was greeted by my new roommates. Together, we decided upon rules for our new shared space. I suggested that we enforce quiet time after 11pm daily. We all agreed that living together will be a great experience.
A girl was fascinated by rain, even though she lived in the desert. She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often. After saving up some money, she moved away to the pacific northwest. The town she moved to rained 300 days out of the year! The girl knew she made the right decision, she had never been happier.
I went to a party. My friends offered me cocaine. I told them they were stupid for using drugs. They got mad at me and kicked me out of the party. I didn't mind because I didn't want to be friends with drug users.
Barbara's wedding was approaching and she was nervous. All of her friends tried to calm her down constantly. When it was the day of the wedding she was even more nervous. She put on her dress and did her hair with her friends. Everything went fine during the wedding and she was super happy!
Jan was a young high school girl. She had just had sex for the first time with her boyfriend. They didn't use protection. Jan found out she was pregnant and thought her life was over. Jan matured and decided to finish school and have her baby too.
Fred found an old piano in his attic. And he remembered he used to play it as a kid. He had the piano restored. And it was good enough to play again. But he felt sad as it wasn't the same.
Tim was hunting deer with his dad. He liked spending time together. He didn't like killing deer as much. His dad knew that and never really pushed him to. Tim was glad he still got to hang out.
Danny went to NYC when he was twenty. He made a lot of money. He bought a lot of real estate. He didn't pay his taxes. So the IRS took all of his property.
Venessa was lonely. She wasn't any good at making friends. She went to the local pound. She found a bunch of affectionate. She brought two of them home.
Peter had always wanted to learn how to play poker. He mentioned it to a coworker, Guy, who invited him to a weekly game. Peter said he didn't know how to play, but Guy said he'd help. Guy wasn't much help and Peter lost a ton of money. Peter was no longer interested in playing poker.
Celine won some backstage passes for her favorite band. She was super excited. However she was also nervous. She got to meet them after the show. Thankfully they were very nice.
Tina was watching a scary movie. She was in the theater and had a big bag of popcorn. A scary scene crept up on her. Tina jumped and sent the popcorn flying everywhere. She wound up spilling more popcorn than she ate.
Anna had school photos to take. She wore her best outfit that day. During lunch, she had her photo taken. When the photos were done, she saw that hers had come out poorly. Luckily, there was a retake the next week.
Amy played volleyball at the local high school After 1 week of practice they were getting uniforms. Amy had to walk to practice from her junior high school She she arrived most people had already chosen their uniform. Amy was stuck with a pair of short 1 size to small.
Lane was surfing in Hawaii. She saw someone with a longboard. Lane knew she had to have one. She went to a store and bought one. She tried to surf with it but wiped out easily.
Bill is looking for a date Tuesday night. He decided to look for one on the internet. He browsed several profiles and messaged a few girls. None replied back to him. Bill had no luck finding a date.
Whilst at school, Jacob acted very shy. He was scared of how the other kids would treat him. This was because he got bullied at his last school. One day, Jacob got asked if he'd like to go round another kid's house. This was the boost of confidence that he needed to get more friends.
Nat was born while his dad was in the military. At age four, his mother told him that he would finally meet his dad. He was so excited! He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door. When his daddy entered, both males cried with joy!
Sara walked down the street to pick up pizza. She figured that she'd be able to carry it herself. She made it about halfway before it was too much to carry. She ended up texting her husband. He came outside and helped her the rest of the way.
Tom was hyped up about an upcoming movie. He saw all the previews and read everything about it. On opening day Tom was mildly disappointed. The movie seemed unoriginal and boring. Tom realized he ruined it for himself.
We went to the dixie stampede in Branson. We watched them ride horse and chase pigs. Our server brought us an entire chicken. There was lots of food and fun. We had a great time.
Emily packed her bag with beach towels and sunscreen. She was headed to the beach! She was eager to relax and spend time with her family. She set up her chair and umbrella and stared at the water. She was relaxed and happy!
I met my friend Jenny in high school. We decided to live together when we went to college. We lived together for six months. We did silly things like wash dishes in the bathtub. Now we live separately but we are still friends.
I made burritos for dinner. They were tasty! Alas, the beans in the burrito were not cooked correctly. I spent four days with extreme stomach pain. I realized that I needed to be more careful about cooking beans.
Mary took her dog to the park. She took the leash off her dog in order to play frisbee. The dog saw a squirrel and started to chase it. Mary lost sight of her dog and started looking frantically. She heard her dog barking in the distance and searching.
Ken was out on a date. They wanted to see a movie. Unfortunately it was sold out. They decided to pick another movie at random. They hated it together.
It was a hot muggy day at the Smith house. Jenny Smith had all her friends over for a sleepover. It was getting late and a storm with heavy wind was coming in. The girls were all scared when the tornado sirens went off! The tornado missed their home and they were all very happy!
I took my family to a theme park last Saturday. They couldn't agree on what to ride at any point of the day. Some wanted roller coasters while others wanted slow rides. I had to make all of the ride choices for them. I had a great time, but I think they only enjoyed it half as much.
My doctor wanted me to see a psychiatrist for anxiety. So I went to my behavioral health center. I told them I just wanted to see a therapist however. But I was continually pushed into seeing a psychiatrist for medication. Afterwards, I became more wary of doctors trying to medicate me.
Jeff was sick and tired of the cold Chicago winters. He moved to southern Arizona. He moved in December and it was a nice seventy degrees. Then summer came and it got up to one hundred ten degrees! Jeff taught me may have made a mistake and missed the Chicago summer.
I needed new bed sheets so I bought some over the internet. When they came in I tried putting them on my bed. However, I noticed it didn't cover my bed at all. The bed sheets were too small. Seems I might've put the wrong size in my order.
Jackie never liked sports Her new boyfriend loved watching and playing sports. He taught her the rules of hockey, and football. Jordyn now understands how these sports work. Jordyn and her boyfriend now watch sports together.
Melissa wanted to learn how to shoot a bow and arrow. Her grandpa took her to an archery range. Melissa's grandpa showed her how to hold the bow. Melissa shot arrows all morning long. She got her first bullseye that day!
Bob decided to cook his first meal ever last week. First he found a recipe for it on the internet. After that, he went to the store to purchase the necessary ingredients. Then he returned home to prepare and cook the meal. Bob ate the delicious home-cooked meal with his family.
Janet couldn't power up her phone. She tried using different chargers she had. She even bought a new one. Eventually she plugged her phone into a different outlet. It turned out to be a blown home fuse.
The manager gave me a package to deliver to a house. When I looked inside of it, there was $1000 dollars. Since I needed the money, I lied to the boss and kept the money. He argued with me a few days later since he received a complaint. I ended up getting fired.
Jet planted flowers in her garden in spring. But as summer came, it almost never rained. Jet's garden was struggling! She bought a hose and began to manually water it every day. Soon it perked up and began to flourish once again!
Virginia made a goal to lose 50 pounds. After looking through a few diets, she chose Atkins. She also began a new workout routine. She stayed diligent, and continued her new regimen. In three months, she had lose 30 pounds and was on her way to success.
Julie made flat bread pizzas for dinner. She added many toppings to make her recipe complete. She served the pizzas to her family. They ate the pizzas together, at the dining room table. They were so good, that Julie decided to have seconds.
Jim was on a road trip. And he was stuck behind a slow car in the fast line. He tried very aggressively to pass the car. But he almost drove off the road and caused an accident. Jim decided to be more patient next time.
John had a friend who was a very loud talker. They had planned on meeting up at a coffee shop. John thought they might be too loud for that venue. So he called his friend and suggested a bar instead. That night they had a fun - and loud - time at the bar.
You never know real love until you have a child. My kids mean the world to me. I told them this a few weeks ago. They smiled happily at me. The next day, they brought me breakfast in bed.
The heater was not working in the house. So Tina was getting frigid. She bundled up but it did not help. The house was only 60 degrees. So the oil guy had to come out to fix the heat.
Ivory and Matt have been together for 6 years. They tried to have a baby for 5 years but was unsuccessful. They went to the Doctor who suggested they go through IVF. They didn't want to waste time and started treatments immediately. Three months later they discovered they were pregnant with twins!
She went to the store looking for a healthy snack. She found some multigrain crackers. Then she walked to the hummus section. She was going to get her usual red pepper hummus. She saw pumpkin hummus and grabbed it instead.
Henry exchanged $45 with Hannah for a new pair of shoes. He waited until he got home to put them on. The bottom sole broke when he tried to walk a couple of steps. They were Styrofoam when Henry looked under the shoe. He became frustrated and searched for Hannah outside.
Vladimir notices that all his friends at school have new bags. He begs his mother to replace his old bag, but she refuses. Finally when he points out his friends new bags, she reconsiders. She buys Vladimir a new bag for school. Vladimir is very happy to have a new bag like his friends do.
I am trying to write a novel. I am stuck in the planning phase. I started making character descriptions. But I never stopped thinking up interesting new characters. Now I have so many characters I don't know how to use them all.
Aeris took her dog for a walk in the park. Aeris was on her roller blades as her dog pulled her. Her dog caught scent of a squirrel. Her dog raced towards the pond. Aeris was flung into the pond.
Rafa was having a bad day so he invited his friend over. Rafa told his friend he was not having a good day. So they decided to go too the movies. They got ready and left the house. Rafa enjoyed the movie and had a good day.
Mary adopted a dog from an animal shelter. The shelter requires the adopted dogs to be spayed or neutered. Mary procrastinated because she was afraid about the spay surgery. The vet told Mary the operations are very common and not to worry. The dog had the surgery and is doing very well.
Willy wanted to give away his factory. He invited five random people to tour his factory. 5 Lucky winners headed to the factory. All but one of the winners were left. Charlie won the factory from willy.
Karen moved to Florida after college. She wanted to live in a town that she could party at. She was young and single and enjoying life. Karen met a man that she fell in love with. They bought a home and started a family.
Chet was seventeen. His friends were going to the bar. Chet got a fake ID. Chet tried to get into the bar. The bouncer caught Chet and took away his fake ID.
Lucy was excited to go to school. Today was her first day of kindergarten! She met her new teacher and classmates. Lucy loved getting to know her new school. That night, she told her parents all about her day.
My wife sent me a text message. She was at the supermarket and asked for any requests. I was away from the phone and did not see the message. She came home without any treat for me. I told her I was on a diet anyway.
My dad fought in the war in Vietnam. He developed PTSD because of the war. For many years, he would get scared from loud noises. I decided to take him to therapy. After many years, he overcame his PTSD!
Dean loved homecoming. The parade was his favorite part! He'd watch the floats drive by. He caught a whole bag full of candy. Dean took the loot home to sort it.
Paul invites a girlfriend over for dinner. He begins preparing his famous italian food. He burns his hand on the pan. His alfredo turns out perfect. His girlfriend doesn't even like italian food.
Wendy got an alarming call at work. Her four year old daughter's foot had been stepped on by a horse! Wendy rushed home to tend to it. It looked way worse than it was, with only bruising. Wendy breathed a sign of grateful relief.
Dan always helped his elderly neighbor with house chores. Dan always liked washing the classic car his neighbor owned. Dan always treated the car with utmost respect. The elderly neighbor knew how much Dan loved the car. The neighbor decided to give Dan the car.
David had always been a climber. He wanted to climb the highest mountain in his area. So he prepared himself to climb. He practice climbing smaller mountains to prepare himself. The day came and David climb the tallest mountain in his area.
George loved the fall weather and was anxious to get outdoors. Fortunately, George had a vacation day available and took Friday off. He planned out a hike at his favorite nearby park. The weather turned out great and he hiked about four miles. He ended his day off with a nice picnic at a nearby picnic shelter.
As a child, Chad always fought for the truth. He loved the bringing the truth to the public every day. Chad decided to become an attorney. Chad later brought truth to the legal system. Now attorney Chad fights for legal truth in every way.
Elizabeth was eager of becoming the best diplomat she could. She practiced her principles in everything she did. So when she had to apply those concepts at work it was easy. Because of that she was in high demand. And she never had to worry about finding work.
Grace made a family meal for her parents and siblings. She served them all the food and watched them taste it. Then everyone frowned and wrinkled their faces. They told Grace her cooking was awful! Grace realized she just wasn't cut out to be a cook.
Jen was working on a landscape painting for her art class. But she could only afford to buy a few tubes of paint. She thought her painting would be awful with just a few colors to use. But the simple color scheme proved to be very attractive. Jen was happy to impress her class with the painting.
Walt worked at a store. He was covering someone else's shift. He worked for 8 hours. He was so excited to leave, He went to the bar after
Emma was a picky eater. Last night, her mom made tacos. Emma wouldn't eat them because this week, she doesn't like cheese. She liked cheese last week. Maybe she'll like cheese again, tomorrow.
Mariah bought a new dress. She thought it needed something to make it pop. Mariah glued pieces of glitter all over it. She wore the new dress to a Holiday party. Mariah was ecstatic when everyone told her how pretty it was.
Jean needed to give her dog Tiny a flea pill. She stuck the pill in a chunk of cheese to fool her pet. Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away. Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie. Tiny stood on her legs to grab the rare treat.
A gameshow trivia host worked the same gameshow for 30 years. He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show. He knew every answer on the show and set a new record. He celebrated too hard at his win and his disguise fell off. The audience gasped as he ran off with his prize money.
Jose's friends told him he needed to come to the beach. There was a whale lodged on the shore! Jose ran as fast as he could to the beach to see the whale. When he got there, he saw a small stuffed animal whale on the sand. His friends laughed and laughed.
Lucy had just moved to a new school. She was upset about the change and not into the school. On her birthday, her mom got her some school spirit wear. Lucy was unhappy about the gift and stormed off. Her mom took the gift back and decided not to press the issue.
Rocky was a poor kid from the streets. He never had anything for himself growing up. So he did the best he could he grew up and got a great job. He met a beautiful girl and married her. He gave his wife and kids a better life than he ever had growing up.
Susie started to think about what her boyfriend did to her. He ignored her and never spoke to her again. Susie was heartbroken. She cried very many tears. Then she realized she was better off without him.
Andrew had always had a passion for apes. He truly liked how comparable they were to man. One day, he stated that he wanted to see one. He booked a flight to the jungle. After being quiet for hours, Andrew finally saw an ape.
Tina was drinking juice from her round cup. Her mom kept begging her not to spill. Regardless, she splashed her drink abound the car. Everyone in the car got soaked, and the seats as well. Tina was spanked my her mother during the drive.
Ted lived in a refugee camp. His family had a small water ration. Unfortunately it did not last long. Ted's family was forced to drink dirty water. Several of them got sick.
Cindy is an undercover cop. Her job is very dangerous. She really likes her job a lot. She is also a single mother. She tries to keep the city safe for everyone's children.
The boy bought some candy. He hid it in his room. His sister found the candy. She took a big handful. The boy never noticed the missing candy.
As a child, I was very active. I loved running, jumping, and climbing everything. I would even do this inside, so one day I decided to jump on our couch. Unfortunately, I slipped, fell, and bit through my tongue. To this day, I have a scar on my tongue from that day!
Kelly wanted to go blonde. She tired before but failed. She went to the salon to get it done. When she got it done, it looked great. Kelly was very impressed.
Irene went to the eye doctor. The doctor did a test for glaucoma. Irene could not sit still for the test. The doctor was patient. Eventually the doctor was able to complete the test.
Victor loved playing sports while growing up. He played soccer in college. Unfortunately, Victor was recently in a car accident. As a result, he is unable to play sports like he used to. Now, Victor only watches sports on TV.
Yesterday was Kyle's birthday. He would have been 40. Kyle killed himself 10 years ago. His friends and family gathered to celebrate his birthday. They told stories and remember what a great guy they thought he was.
Fred came to work to pick up his check. He had not gotten paid in a while. When she showed up it was bad news. He was not getting paid. Fred could not believe it.
I was lounging in the bath after a long day. The kids were knocking on the door repeatedly. I couldn't hear them because of the headphones I had on. When I was done I sought out my children. They were in their rooms, wearing headphones.
Gary was walking down a hallway one day. He saw a man walking directly at him some thirty feet away. The closer the man got, the more determined Gary became. Neither man would yield an inch as they closed in. Gary laughed to himself as he realized he was walking toward a mirror.
I decided to give some cookies to my neighbor. I baked some chocolate chip cookies. I gave them to my neighbor. A few days later, I saw them in his trashcan. I got angry and vowed to never bake cookies for him ever again.
Ronald took a nap in his tree house. Something outside made a loud noise. Ronald looked outside and saw his friend Bill. Ronald invited bill up to the tree house. Ronald and Bill took a nap in the tree house.
Ava is a skilled artist. Ava was feeling inspired one morning. Ava worked for a year on a single masterpiece. Upon completion, the masterpiece was displayed in a museum. Ava was extremely pleased with her success.
Nina wasn't sure what book she wanted to buy. She searched online and read summaries of some. She still couldn't decide so she decided to go to the library! She checked out a few books to sample them. It turns out Nina didn't like any of the books so she didn't buy any.
Scott and Eric wanted to play cards together. Since the power was out, they started playing during the day. The room began getting dark from the setting sun. Though at first dismayed, Scott was able to hang a lamp in the room. They were able to continue playing cards in the dark!
Ryan was going to the zoo with his parents. He could not wait! He was so excited. He ended up having an amazing time. Ryan loved the zoo!
Kevin wanted to go to college. He studied very hard in school. He did many after-school activities. He worked hard on his application. The college accepted him.
Chris wanted to go on a trip to Spain. He put aside money each paycheck in savings. Chris contacted a travel agent once he could afford it. Finally, the tickets arrived in the mail. Chris enjoyed his vacation very much!
The doorbell rang several times. It sounded like an emergency. He ran to answer the door. There was a boy with a bucket and rag. He slammed the door in his face in frustration.
I have never been good at volleyball. I accompanied my friend to a volleyball match and was on his team. I tried my best, but my best attempts were laughable in the least. When it came my turn to serve the ball I was determined. To everyone's surprise it was a perfect serve!
Jim was thirsty. He walked into the kitchen. He filled a cup with some water from the sink. Jim drank the water. Jim wasn't thirsty anymore.
Ken placed his skating shoes on his foot. He approached the skating arena for the first time. After a few seconds, he immediately fell. Other skaters fell because he was in their way. Eventually, someone helped him up.
I always thought golf was for old people. One day, my dad invited me to play golf with him. I reluctantly accepted his invitation. On the golf range I saw lots of people my age. I realized golf was a sport for everyone to enjoy regardless of age.
Lizzy watched the merry go round as she waited her turn. She couldn't decide which animal she wanted to ride. The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful. But the brown bunny was adorable. So she rode the ride twice to give each animal a try.
Rufus notices that he bike chain is getting rusty. When he begins to fix it, he notices many parts of his bike are worn. Rufus thoroughly cleans and fixes every part of his bike. Now his bike is in terrific condition. He is so happy he noticed the rusty chain.
Alone in a meadow grew a beautiful flower. Sarah walked through the meadow thinking how existential life was. She then saw this breathtaking flower. With everything she was she wanted to pick it. This showed her the true meaning of life is just to live.
Cam did laundry and couldn't find any socks that matched. He gathered up all the misfit socks and threw them out. He bought 20 pairs of identical socks to replace them. The next time he did laundry all socks were matching. Cam felt great satisfaction about organizing his sock life.
On the 18th hole, the pro golfer stood at the tee. He swung hard, but his ball landed in the bunker. With the next swing, he recovered and put the ball on the green. He took a deep breath as he lined up his shot. He hit the ball and watched as it is went straight into the hole.
Mark often heard his dad say something was baloney. He had no idea it was real until lunch time at school one day. A boy was eating a sandwich with weird pink stuff he called baloney. Mark tried a piece. Afterward, he decided baloney must mean gross because it tasted nasty.
Bill lives in a bad neighborhood, with a lot of crime. The most frequent crimes were breaking & entering, burglary and theft. This worried Bill, so he decided to do something about it. He installed the most expensive bars available over all his windows. The were stolen the very next night, and pawned for a tidy sum.
Sally was drinking milk. But she noticed that it tasted odd. She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date. And it expired two days ago. She figured nothing bad would happen and kept drinking.
Roy had a party today but the house was a mess. He went to the store to buy some cleaning supplies. He cleaned the entire house. Once the house was clean he set up the party. He and his friends had a great time.
Delaney was a big believer in horoscopes. She was an Aries, and always chose her activities based on horoscope. One day there was a contest at work to win a fully paid for vacation. But Delaney's horoscope said she would be unlucky that week. She didn't bother to enter, and therefore missed out on the Bahamas.
Marcus decides he needs a hobby that gets him out of his house. He buys a new camera and starts taking pictures around his town. He takes pictures of big buildings, trains, and bridges. Over time, Marcus finds his photography skills improving. He is very happy that he has a new hobby.
Dan was taking an exam. He freaked out since he study enough for the test. He slightly glanced over drew's test paper. The teacher noticed And for that brief moment. He told Dan to bring his test paper to him and he gave him an F.
The dog was scratching at something. He had a big tick on his neck! The owner pulled it off. The dog yelped but then felt better. The owner decided to keep him inside more.
Terry picked up an empty cup in her room. She filled it with some juice. However, several fingernails fell down her throat. She choked on the nails. Thankfully, her mom helped her cough it out.
Bill wanted to travel this summer. He decided to go backpacking across Europe. He spent a lot of time researching and planning his route. He spent a whole month travelling across various countries. Bill came home reminiscing his life-changing experience.
Peter and Derek went golfing. On the last hole they tried to get a good tee off. They hit about twenty balls. They found most of them. They finally were satisfied with a shot.
In 2010 my daughter's college roommate got married. The wedding was in Sacramento, and a lot of college friends attended. My daughter saw a college friend's girlfriend cheating on him. She told the friend, and he confronted his girlfriend. The trip back to Boston was tense.
Rachael and Kristy were best friends. Rachael was dating a boy named Mark. Mark broke up with Rachel for no reason. The next week Mark and Kristy started dating. Rachael and Kristy are no longer best friends.
They were sold out of medium shirts. All that was left was larges. My friend wanted to trade with me. She is smaller than me. So I traded with her.
Cay went to the SPCA. There, she adopted a cat. She brought him home and named him Hoppy, since he had three legs. Soon Hoppy became a beloved member of her family. Cay was so happy she'd adopted Hoppy!
Afel lived in the Sahara Desert. One day, the water well ran dry. Afel did not have any water. Afel decided to dig a new well upstream. Finally, Afel had water again.
Joe was a perfectionist. So he could never relax. While sitting down, it never felt like he was in the right position. And items in his room never seemed to be in the right place. Joe was left with little time to do anything important.
The final song had been called for that evening. In total, Jane and John had been dancing for three hours. Their feet were tired but they continued to dance. This would be the final time they would see each other for awhile. They left the dance floor and awaited John's impending reassignment.
The project I was working on was fun. It made me think and come up with ideas. I really enjoyed the challenge of it. But now it has come to an end. I surely will miss this project.
Lisbeth turn around and smiled. When she heard someone so willing to help her, she was happy. In her old age, she'd often wondered if society wasn't getting worse. Thankfully a young man stopped to help her in the supermarket. He also stole her wallet.
Marcy isn't doing very well in her biology class. She asked her teacher for an extra credit opportunity. He told her to write a song about the content of the class. Marcy loves music so she made sure to make the song great. Marcy now has an extra 10 points on her next test.
Elaine always wanted to give birth and be a mother. When she met Dan and wanted kids with him right away. Dan was willing but his body wasn't. Faced with infertility, Elaine could only rely on adoption. They signed up and waited five years before they finally had a kid.
Karen, Ashley, and Beth were very excited. In two weeks they would be flower girls! Karen decided they should cut each other's hair. Afterward, their hair touched their ears and felt very light. When Mommy came home, she was sure to be very surprised!
Sally was jumping rope at school. She was the fastest in her class. But she landed on the side of her foot during a jump. She yelled out in pain. Sally doesn't jump rope as much anymore.
I needed to work out a small amount. I decided to jog around the block a few times. I went outside to go jogging. I went around the block once and ran out of energy. I decided to just walk the rest of the way.
Gary sat on the bench like he had for the last 30 games. He knew he wasn't very good. A loud crack was followed by the hush of the crowds collected breath. He looked up to see the shortstop had been beaned by a line drive. The coach finally put Gary into a game.
Destiny and her husband wanted to take a small trip. They decided to go to a hotel near their home for the night. In the hotel, they ordered pizza and watched movies all night. But the couple couldn't sleep. Finally, they decided to just go home.
Jim was going to a wedding. He was going to be the best man. His suit was set to be rented at a specific store. They messed up the sizes. Jim was forced to wear a suit too small.
The mom put on a tight top. The daughter told her to change it. The mom refused. The daughter left her mom at home. Her mom cried all night.
Cara bought a scratch ticket on her way out of the grocery store. When she got home, she scratched the ticket. At first she couldn't believe her eyes. Then she screamed with joy. Cara had won eight hundred dollars!
Amy was in class when all of a sudden a new girl walked in. It was 2 weeks into the class and this girl had never been in class. She bothered Amy with her brash loudness and cries for attention. Amy told her her friend Beth she disliked the new girl. Amy was shocked when Beth told her the new girl disliked her as well.
Michael wanted to build a doghouse for his dog, Raven. First, he measured Raven with a tape measure. Then, he sawed wooden boards to the correct length. Finally, he nailed the boards together with a hammer and nails. Raven sleeps happily in the doghouse that Michael built for her.
Joanna was making dinner for her family. She was making pasta with meatballs. She carefully cooked the pasta and baked the meatballs in the oven. When she mixed the ingredients together she noticed it smelled funny. She accidentally used too much wine in her sauce!
My friend was grief stricken when one of his colleagues died. He hadn't known her that well, and his reaction seemed extreme. When he couldn't eat or sleep, his wife urged him to get counseling. In therapy, he realized he felt guilty about being alive and healthy. Counseling helped him resolve this and regain the joy of living.
Tom was at a party. He wanted to show off. He decided to do a backflip. He was too drunk to do it right. Tom fell and hurt himself.
Sally likes to walk. Long distances are her favorite to do. But one day she fell and twisted her ankle. And she couldn't walk for 2 weeks. She has been reading alot lately.
Ben had just moved into a new home. It was cheap, but it needed a new furnace. Ben saved up the money and called the installers. They came and set up the new furnace. Now Ben's new house was perfect!
John was outright terrible at basketball. He decided he'd shoot some extras baskets after practice. His skill improved a little over time. His coach saw how much he was trying and wanted to boost his ego. John threw the ball up for the winning shot and air-balled badly.
Verna waited for her husband to get home from his first day as an EMT. She made his favorite dish of meatloaf, and she bought wine. When he came in, he had a look on his face she'd never seen. He said he wasn't hungry, he just wanted to lie down. They went upstairs, and she held him until he drifted off.
The family was going camping. They bought a new tent. It was big and nice. They spread their things out in the tent and tried to sleep. It started to rain and the tent leaked!
Sara heard rain the the forecast, so she carried her old umbrella. But it did not rain all day. After school she had to lug the heavy thing all the way home. She was unhappy, but then she thought it over. Sara decided it had been better to be prepared!
Luke was invited to sleepover in his friend's house. Then Luke asked permission from his parents. But his parents did not let him. But still,Luke went to his friend's house. When his parents caught him,he was grounded for a week.
Danny is a great softball coach. He coaches his daughter's high school team. Once the girls got used to his style they excelled. The first year they won the championship. Every year since then they have won many awards.
John's friends all smoked cigarettes. John felt left out whenever they would all go out to smoke. One day, he went out with them and asked for one. His friend Larry gave him one, and John lit up. He started coughing and choking, and he decided never to smoke again.
I was very hungry one day and went to my kitchen to get food. I opened my cabinet and found a package of cookies. I went to another cabinet and grabbed a plate for the cookies. When I opened the cookies' package, I dropped the food everywhere. I picked the cookies up, put them on my plate, and ate them anyway.
Yvonne only had one friend since she was a kid. As her personality was an acquired taste it was hard to meet more. Her only friend Beth, told her to join a club to find more friends. Yvonne joined one for women who had personality problems. After a few weeks, many of these women became close friends.
I was in a horrible mood. I woke up late. At the breakfast diner they burned my food. I needed to be in a good mood for work. After playing some jazz music, I felt much better.
Annie was about to start a new job. She was very nervous because of this. The position was in a local school. The children were very sweet and made her feel better. Annie now feels comfortable in her new job.
Joni rode in a helicopter today. She was nervous as the helicopter lifted off the ground. She felt the whole helicopter rattle and shake. Once they were in the sky, Joni could see everything in her city. Joni had never seen such a beautiful view before.
Cora was pregnant and in labor. She knew that she labored fast so she needed to hurry. Her husband rushed around trying to find the car keys. Finally he found them and they climbed into the car. Luckily they made it to the hospital just in time.
Jack wanted to learn how to perform card tricks. He searched online for card trick tutorials. He spent a lot of time learning and practicing. To show off what he learned, he invited his friends for a live show. His friends were very impressed with Jack's card trick show.
Tim went to get his oil changed. The mechanic told him that the belt on his engine is broken. He said if he doesn't fix it the car would shut down. He told Tim it would cost six hundred dollars to fix. Tim was upset but paid it anyway.
Johnny's sneakers are so old that they are beginning to rip. He loves his old sneakers but he knows it is time for a new pair. He looks at several stores but can't find exactly what he wants. Finally he finds the perfect new pair of sneakers. Johnny is so happy that he no longer wears ripped sneakers.
Last summer Adrian's house caught fire. It burned to the ground before the firemen could arrive. He lost everything he owned. He knew it was going to take a long time to get it all back. But his family made it out alive, so he knew he'd be alright.
The hiker found himself lost in the woods. He tried to call a friend on his phone. His phone would not work. He climbed a tree and tried again. He reached his friend on the phone.
Kate decided to write a novel. She told the story of her time in college, changing all the names. When the book came out, her friends were furious. They called Kate, telling her she shouldn't have betrayed them. Kate gave them each a thousand dollars, making them very happy.
Tom bought new hat for his dad. The hat was a fedora. When Tom gave his dad the hat he laughed. His dad never wore hats. His dad never wore the Fedora.
Greg only wanted to be able to walk without a limp. He was tired of being made fun of at school and was getting frustrated He decided to start physical therapy with a specialist. After a year he was able to walk without a limp. He was so happy about the hard work he put in.
Ed decided he was going to take the family cat for a walk. He got a special leash for her to keep her safe. He attached it and she immediately went limp. He carried her outside and put her down. He couldn't get her to move an inch!
The couple went to the amusement park. There were a lot of rides to ride. The couple went all around the park. The couple had a good time. The couple was going to go back to the park.
Mike was a skilled and trusted auto technician. One day, while test driving a car, Mike was hit by another driver. Mike sustained several injuries, including a concussion. Mike obtained an attorney, and was rewarded with a huge settlement. Mike the mechanic retired to the beaches of Fiji.
The Smiths went to the grocery store. They wanted to buy orange juice. Unfortunately the store was all out. They got apple juice instead. Unfortunately nobody ever wound up drinking it and it went bad.
Ann went to a movies. She took a seat in a front row. Her neighbor accidentally spit some coke on her pants. He apologized. They started a nice conversation.
Sophie was supposed to run a big marathon today. But when she woke-up this morning, she had a boil on her foot. She put some ointment and padding around her foot. She then walked to the street where the event was taking place. But she had to concede defeat, her foot hurt to much to run.
Tara was studying for her anatomy exam. She had to memorize diagrams of various human body parts. Tara fell asleep while studying for her exam. She came to her exam unprepared. Luckily, Tara was able to pass her test with a B.
Brenda was walking and hurt her ankle when she stepped off of a curb. She knew something wasn't right when she couldn't put weight on it. Her only recourse was to go to the hospital. When she was in the hospital the doctor confirmed her worst fears. Her ankle was broken and she had to wear a cast.
Erica and her mother had a big day planned. They both were going to go out shopping. Erica needed new clothes for college and her mother was going along. They went to every store in town that day. They had a wonderful time and got a bunch of great new clothes.
One Fourth of July, two boys were shooting firecrackers. They put the firecrackers on a bench to shoot them into the air. When the firecracker went into the air, it knocked over the bench. When the bench fell, it made the firecracker go towards the boys! After that, they never put firecrackers on a bench again.
Marsha decided to join the cheerleading squad at school. She went to watch the other members cheer. She knew it would be difficult to compete with other members. Marsha practiced three times a day before tryouts. Marsha made the cheerleading team the following week.
I was wiping my hands in the bathroom. I moved a towel, hitting a bottle of air freshener. The bottle knocked over a bottle of Listerine. The Listerine knocked over a bottle of Lysol cleaner. I told my wife I had just bowled a strike.
Eric had a really nice Camaro. It had specialized hubcaps. He drove a lot to see his girlfriend. He came home late one night from his girlfriend's house. He turned into his neighborhood and scraped two of his rims on a curb.
Spencer had a project due. He had not done it yet. He got all the stuff together for it. He did it quickly. He turned it in on time.
The man blew the whistle. The team got quiet. The man gave a speech. The team felt excited. The team chanted in approval for the coach.
A group of four friends tried to get together for tabletop night. The first member besides the the game master showed up on time. Both the game master and the player waited for an hour for the others. Once everyone arrived people talked for awhile. The friends finally started playing the tabletop game.
I was inside of a comic shop. I saw a bunch of interesting stories and artwork. I saw one that really caught my eye. I brought it to the clerk and bought it. I went home and read it, and really liked it.
Susie wanted a new ipod. She did not have a phone so she didn't have portable music. Finally her mom got her an ipod for her birthday. Susie was so happy. She gave her mother a great gift in return.
Will went to an electronics store to buy good quality headphones. Buy cheap headphones at the bargain bin won him over. After a week, one side of the headphones stopped working. And it was a hassle trying to return them. Will decided to buy the high quality headphones he initially wanted.
My band practiced for several weeks. We got ready for a very big show. We went inside and set up our equipment. We played for an hour and it went well. Afterwards, we were invited to come back.
I went outside to read on the bench this afternoon. The office assistant was at the concierge desk. She asked me if I ever visited Baltimore, her home town. She told me about the some of the attractions there. I might explore going there someday.
Gina was in the backseat with her siblings. They were all asleep as they drove on the highway. Her sister Jenn was spooked by a dead deer at a gas station. She was too scared to go to sleep. Gina gave her half of her candy bar as a treat.
Monica set an appointment to get a manicure. When she arrived at the hair salon, it was very crowed. Monica waited to be called to a table for her manicure. She waited an hour past her scheduled time. Monica grew very annoyed that she had to wait.
Ike's kindergarten class was playing a game. The teacher whispered a phrase to the first student. It was about fishing in a park. Then they whispered it to each other in a long line. By time Ike heard it, it was about flying in space!
Stan worked at a mechanic shop. One day he saw Tony taking home tools. Stan told his boss about Tony. The boss fired Tony for stealing property from the shop. Stan got Tony's position.
Ryan spent hours every day at the bowling alley. He was able to improve his average score from 110 to 230. Ryan really wanted to bowl a perfect game so he kept practicing. Ryan bowled nine perfect frames and a crowd drew in. When he made his last strike everyone cheered.
It was a very hot day. Melissa wanted to go outside and play. She put on her bathing suite. She filled up a lots of balloons with water. She invited her friends over for a water balloon fight.
Tom was painting his fence. But he ran out of paint. He decided to ask his neighbor for some paint. But he was denied. Tom left his fence half painted.
Jeremy was awarded his first trophy. His mom was proud of him and put the trophy in the living room. Ryan, his brother, was happy to bring out all of his trophies. Ryan surrounded Jeremy's trophy with all of his to show off. Later that night Jeremy broke Ryan's Trophies and got in trouble.
The handyman took his ladder to his van and threw it down. He opened the van door and assessed the situation. There was too much stuff in the van for the ladder to fit right. The hangman climbed in and began to reorganize. He was able to finally carve out enough space to fit the ladder in.
I was watching the basketball game on tv. There seemed to be a commercial every two minutes. I turned on my DVR. I went to the gym. I came back to watch the game without waiting for the commercials.
There was a teenager who wanted some new Tom's shoes. She saved up her allowance for three weeks. Finally had enough money to buy the shoes. She told her mom to take her to the mall. They went to the mall and got the shoes.
The deck was completely clean. We had been getting close to finished. It was my turn. My grandfather worked on it too. It was time to pressure wash the deck.
Mary saw a truck outside. Her dog started chasing the truck. The man in the truck stopped driving. He got out of his truck. The man petted Mary's dog.
My sister in law is on vacation this week. She does not have much money. She works as a waitress in an assisted living residence. She stayed at home all day and played on the Internet. I asked my wife if we should take her out to dinner someday.
Tom was driving to work. He was about to switch lanes. Suddenly he heard a loud honk. There was a car in the other lane. Tom had barely missed it in his blind spot.
Jill wanted to race Sara! They both met up in the park! They ran as fast as the could! They both tied! They laughed knowing that they were both great runners!
My car was running rough the other day. I looked it over but couldn't figure out the problem. I ended up taking it to the local mechanic. He was able to identify the problem quickly. All I needed was a new spark plug wire.
It had been another horrible day and he was finally headed home. He wanted to give up. He could only deal with so much. He got home, opened the door and saw his wife. He remembered that she was his reason to keep going.
Seth had always wanted to get married. However, he worried that he would never fall in love. Eventually he met a nice woman who he liked very much. They decided to get married. Seth was happy to finally be getting married.
Kylie had just gotten her license six months ago. Then she rear-ended someone at a red light. She was so afraid of losing her new license! But the other driver assessed the damage and said it was minimal. He said Kylie could pay him $50 and he wouldn't notify anybody.
Charlie bought a blue car last week. The car was beautiful and shiny. One day Charlie drove his car to work. He was talking on the phone and rear-ended another driver's car. Charlie's new, shiny car was totaled.
Allie was supposed to have a flight to London. The flight was supposed to leave at noon. But she found out it was delayed until tomorrow from the weather. Allie could not believe it. She couldn't afford a hotel so she had to stay at the airport.
The teacher tried to explain the lesson to us. When she sat down, her chair broke. She fell on the floor and couldn't get up. Ron confessed that he broke one of the table's legs. The teacher gave him a referral and suspended him.
I was feeling very lazy one evening. I went outside and got on my bike. I rode down the street and listened to music. I went all over the place and felt a good workout. Later, I went back home and relaxed.
Jenna's car was making sounds whenever she pressed the brakes. She took it into her mechanic. Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes. Jenna dropped off her car and waited a week. She picked her car up and it was as good as new.
I never had a cute girlfriend. Suddenly, a cute girl sat by me at work. We went on a lunch date. I fell in love with her. The following day, she sat by a different guy.
Kelsi had to pick up her kids from school. She got in her car and started driving. Unfortunately there was a lot of traffic. Kelsi ended up being a half hour late. Her children were not pleased.
The praying mantis waited patiently for it's prey. The mantis was very still and perfectly camouflaged. It waited and waited for days and days. Eventually a fly landed right in front of it. It lunged and snapped up the fly and slowly ate it up.
Oswald wanted to buy a new dog. He drove to his local pet store. All the dogs were very expensive. Oswald could not find a dog he could afford. Oswald decided that he should not buy a dog.
My good friend insisted that I had to try sushi. I hesitantly accepted the offer. My friend did all of the ordering. I particularly liked the flavor of one crispy roll of sushi. My friend told me it was eel and I had to overcome my bias against it.
Anderson loved to do swimming every single day. He worked very hard and was able to become a very fast swimmer. One day, he was called by the Olympic team to be put in the US team. He graciously accepted and worked hard to get the gold medal. In the Olympics, Anderson was able to get the gold medal.
Jan basked in the glorious Colorado summer sunshine. She knew that she would miss this very soon. Her and her husband were headed back to Alaska for a year. Even on the warmest days, it was never like this. Jan stood in the sunshine a bit longer, letting it linger on her.
Chuck was irritated by the length of the dog's nails. It was time to clip them. The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered. Finally the task was done. Chuck was now irritated by the scratches on his arms.
Tim wanted to improve his reading. He researched speed reading techniques online. He tried many different methods. He even hired a coach for one hour. He found reading with his finger below the words to help.
Iris was walking in the rain. She was carrying her umbrella over her head. The wind got stronger. The umbrella got pulled from Iris. Iris ended up soaking wet without the umbrella.
David wanted a toy race car for his birthday. His favorite color is red. His sister worked walking dogs in the neighborhood to make money. She saved her money because she wanted to buy him the race car. When she gave him the red race car he was so surprised.
Steven practiced his Spanish in high school. He became fluent in the language. After graduation, he started to lose proficiency. One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish. His Spanish improved as he made friends with her.
Tom watched a lot of movies. He was socially awkward. He would often tried to reference random movies. Nobody understood what he was getting at. It made tom feel more out of place.
Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet. After a while, Harry and members of his family got sick. Boils appeared over their body. Harry's baby sister fell very ill and died. Harry realized the rat brought the plague and flushed it down the loo.
Ann worked in a high-rise building. One morning while on her break, she smelled smoke. She immediately let her boss know where she smelled the smoke. Her boss pulled the fire alarm and evacuated the office staff. Ann's quick reaction helped everyone to evacuate the building safely.
Mike always tried to be there for his friends. He would give them advice on all their problems. The only problem was he always gave them the worst advice. Four of his friends ended up in prison and two of them broken hearted. Good thing he never took his own advice on anything.
After her run, Maria was very sweaty. She decided she needed to get a shower. She took off her clothes and put them into the dirty laundry. Maria got into the shower and quickly washed herself. Maria stepped out of the shower and dried off.
Elvin needed an A on his Final exam to pass his class. He hired a tutor to help him study. He studied day and night until he felt confident in the material. Elvin went to class prepared for the test. He had the second highest score in the class, and he passed.
Jane was going to the doctor in a new town. They needed her old records to be transferred. She called her old doctor to request them. There, they told her that her records had been thrown out. It was an accident but Jane was really upset.
Alicia loved jumping rope as a young girl. Alicia was channel surfing, when she saw a jump rope competition. Alicia decided to tune in to the jump rope competition. Alicia was amazed by the moves the jumpers were doing. Alicia was disappointed when the competition was over.
It was 6 am and Kay was waiting to take her driving exam. The instructor was stoic in the seat next to her. This made her very nervous. She made all the maneuvers and waited for the results. Kay was overjoyed when the instructor told he she just barely passed.
Nancy loved to listen to music on her friend's stereo. She wished she had a stereo of her own. Nancy looked online to see how to build a stereo of her own. After buying all of the parts, she built her very own stereo. The stereo was great, & now her friends listened to her's instead.
Bob opened his door to get the morning newspaper. Instead of a newspaper, a large rock was on his front step. Bob tried to get rid of it but it was too heavy. Bob called his friend over to help him move it. The two of them were able to toss the rock in the woods.
Toni went to the soccer game. She was waiting for her mom to show up. Unfortunately her mom never did. Toni was waiting and waiting. She still never showed up.
Abby's job recently voted for employee uniforms. Abby figured it was a good idea, since it could save on laundry. However, when Abby saw the uniform, she no longer wanted them. Abby saw that the uniform was a bright yellow shirt, and gray pants. Abby was mad that she would have to wear such ugly uniforms often.
One day, I went deer hunting with my grandpa. We got up really early in the morning and went to the woods. We sat for a long time until eventually we saw a big buck. My grandpa let me harvest the deer. We took it home and made deer jerky for everyone.
Malcolm was joining his wrestling team for school. When he got onto the mat, he grabbed the other boy between the legs. The boy blushed and conceded defeat. The coach told Malcolm not to touch other guys in that area. Malcolm told the coach he was gay, and probably shouldn't be wrestling.
Paul went to the dentist for a routine cleaning. After looking at his teeth the dentist told Paul he had four cavities. He then asked Paul how often he brushes his teeth. Paul admitted that he often forgets to at night before bed. Paul now sets alarms on his phone that remind him when to brush.
Susanna was a little girl who seemed to always get bullied. She couldn't understand why she always got picked on. One day her teacher saw her crying and spoke with her. The teacher pointed out that Susanna was always trying to be bossy. Susanna thanked her teacher and promised to not be bossy.
I wanted to surprise my girlfriend last week I know her favorite flowers. Unfortunately they're not in season. So I went online and found a place that had them. I special ordered them and loved the look on her face when she got the
Will was driving his truck. While driving he hits a rock. His stops his truck and gets outside to look. He has a flat tire. He calls his friends to come and help him fix his flat tire.
Max was making a gingerbread house. He spent forever making the dough and cooking the pieces. Then, he glued them all together with frosting. He was adding the finishing candy touches, when the wall broke. His entire house was ruined.
Lauren wanted to be the team captain of her local volleyball team. She had to first prove to her coach that she was a good leader. To do this, Lauren convinced the team to start practice early. The coach arrived late and saw that the team was already practicing. The coach was impressed and quickly made Lauren the team's captain.
Susie was feeling under the weather because her necklace was gone. She could not find it anywhere. She loved the necklace because her grandmother gave it to her. There was nothing like it. She offered an award to whomever would find it.
Ariel decided to go hiking this weekend. She drove 2 hours to her state park. She took wonderful pictures while on the trail. She returned from her hiking trip on Sunday. Ally spent the rest of the week reminiscing about her trip.
Bob wanted to learn how to play the drums. He decided to hire a tutor. The tutor did an excellent job of teaching Bob. Eventually, Bob decided to become a professional musician. He founded a band and made a name for himself.
Stu was working on his lawn. He noticed several large ant hills in his lawn. Stu went to a lawn and home store. He found a reputable brand ant killer. Stu returned home and poisoned the ants.
After his last surgery, Adam came home to visit. We watched a movie together the night before he had to go back. He laughed so hard that night that he busted a few of his stitches. I drove him home because the chemo had made him very tired. It was the last time I ever saw him alive.
Nell was searching her whole school frantically looking for her book. She couldn't remember which classroom she had left it in! Her friends and teachers helped her look, but no one found it. Finally she had to give up and walk sadly home. And there, waiting on her bed, she discovered her lost book!
We had my oldest nephew sleep over at our house. He packed up all his clothes, and brought some books. We went swimming in the pool and then got ice cream. After dinner we made a fire and had s'mores. It was a great time, I hope we can do it again.
Donald was visiting his sister in the hospital. His sister was on painkillers. She was sleeping the whole time he was there. Donald needed to go to work. He left without being able to talk to his sister.
Tommy went on vacation to Europe. He saw many interesting things. He learned about many different cultures. He came home very refreshed. He told his friends about the experience.
Luis' personal trainer always made him stretch before every workout. He hated the ritual though, feeling it was tedious and unnecessary. So the day he found his trainer was absent, he saw an opportunity. He jumped straight into his squats without stretching or warming up. Both thighs strained, now he understands the importance of stretching.
I was at a concert, and had been knocked down in the mosh pit. I decided to try to get to the front instead of moshing. I slowly pushed through the people. It took nearly half an hour to push all the way to the front. The music was so loud at the front that I couldn't even understand it.
Sara got in trouble for chewing gum in class. She promised not to do it again. But then she found it was easier said than done! Chewing gum was a serious habit with Sara. In the end, she was caught twice more and given detention.
Jenny was running for office. She was well known and liked. She had a lead over her opponent. Then a big controversy hit and she lost the lead. Jenny went on to lose the election.
Jimmy liked to argue with people and fight all the time. His mouth was louder than everybody, and he enjoyed hearing himself. One day, Jimmy decided to walk to a group of people and started again. The group jumped towards Jimmy, and the argument turned physical. After Jimmy lost his teeth, he learned to stop starting arguments.
Alex is trying out for his school's baseball team. Alex is not very good at throwing. Alex works on his throwing skills for a few weeks. Alex has gotten very good at throwing. Alex's practice pays off and he makes the baseball team!
Hal is a lawyer in New York. Hal has many wealthy clients. One day, Hal won a case against a large company. Hal and his client won millions of dollars. Hal was rewarded with a promotion.
Mr and Mrs Smith were dining out for their anniversary. As their drinks were being delivered, Mr Smith's phone rang. The caller was their babysitter. Their children were sick. He paid the check, and the Smiths went home hungry.
Carey works at a boutique. She has been there for six Year's. All her clients love her. She now wants to open her own store. Carey is determined to make her dream come true.
The teacher walked down the hall. He saw a student out of class. He asked the student for a hall pass. The student didn't have one. The student was sent to the principal's office.
Chuck was hiking the Appalachian Trail. He was in a hurry to get to the next shelter before dark. He was halfway there when he entered a field of wild blueberries. He picked and ate blueberries until well into the afternoon. Though he didn't make his goal, he was content to sleep in his tent.
Ashley went to the store with her toddler to pick up a few things. She was distracted while trying to find what she was looking for. The store was out and she left to go somewhere else. As she got in the car, she noticed her son holding a new teddy bear. Too embarrassed to go back in, she quickly drove off.
Rohan rode his horse to Mavis Gilbert's home. He helped her learn to ride a horse. One horse was rowdy and threw her off. This scared Mavis and she vowed never to ride again. Rohan shrugged and rode away into the sunset.
My sister-in-law has shortness of breath. She has smoked for 40 years. She said her latest CT scan showed her lungs were ok. Yet she still used an inhaler, and I was skeptical. Now she has a cough that will not stop.
David was very busy. He had to go to a friend's house to work on a project. But he had to go to basketball practice first. He had no time to take a shower after practice. And his friend told him to leave.
I decided to look for a new house. I went into an old house to check it out. There was a basement and I looked inside. I found a skeleton on the ground. This scared me and I ran out of the house in terror.
Lyn was going to the school dance. She decided she needed a new dress. She could not find one anywhere. Her mom said she would make one for her. Lyn had the best dress.
Ty was really excited about the basketball tournament. He bet a lot of money on it. One of his teams lost in the first round. He was really mad. He learned not to gamble on sports.
Tim was going grocery shopping. He wrote down a list of what he needed. Tim forgot the list at home. Tim picked up everything he remembered. Tim forgot a few items on his list.
A boy thought lying to his parents would work in his favor. The boy lied about his grades on his report card. The boy showed his parents his report card that had only As on it. The parents knew their son had changed his grades and scolded him. Now ashamed the boy no longer lies at least about his grades.
Cassie was on a run. She ran across a grass field and was suddenly soaked. The sprinklers turned on! Cassie ran faster to get out of their path. She was soaked when she got home.
Frank had an interview with a very prestigious company. He was nervous as he dressed himself and then drove to the interview. As he walked in, he calmed his nerves enough to speak properly. The man interviewing him called him back to his office. The interview went well, and Frank was confident he had the position.
Jack and his dad were going to the movies. Jack was excited because he was able to choose the movie. Jack chose to watch Spiderman. He was amazed by the action scenes in the movie. Jack loved the movie so much he begged for a Spiderman poster.
When i was a child i really believed in Santa Claus. I used to be excited about getting to sleep on Christmas eve. As i got older, i was told the truth by my parents about Santa Claus. My parents had a hard time convincing me with the truth. That day was one of the saddest days of of my life.
Anna went camping with her mom in August. Her mom warned her to bring a sweater. Anna scoffed - the weather was lovely! But up in the mountains, the nights were freezing. Anna regretted not listening to her mom.
Lacy has a sweet tooth. She loves everything with sugar. She decided to take a walk to the candy shop. While there she bought five pounds of candy. Lacy now has a cavity.
Gina shared a room with her little sisters. There was never any privacy. Gina longed for peace and quiet. She went to the bathroom and locked the door. She sat in the bathroom for an hour reading her book in silence.
The man scratched his nose. The tip of his nose felt sore. He looked in the mirror. He saw he had a pimple forming. He tried to drain the pimple.
Jerry wanted to go to the movies. He didn't have any money. Jerry stole money from his father's wallet. Jerry's father found out what he did. Jerry was punished for a week.
Randy was walking in the city. Suddenly he felt something in his pants. Somebody took his wallet. He couldn't tell who. He was upset but did not do anything.
Cam ordered a pizza and took it home. He opened the box to take out a slice. Cam discovered that the store did not cut the pizza for him. He looked for his pizza cutter but did not find it. He had to use his chef knife to cut a slice.
Jan and Ed took their seats as the bull riding was announced. Ed had never attended a rodeo. He was interested to see why Jan thought it was exciting. As the chute door opened, a large bull shot out. Ed began to realize the lure of the rodeo.
Earl was shopping for a new vehicle. He picked out a van. His friends made fun of him but he didn't care. He loved all the space he had! He drove his van around proudly.
Stan feels a little tired of being alone all day. He decides to spend the day at a park nearby his house. At the park he sees many people. He is happy to see people. Stan is glad that he wasn't alone today.
The tree started to grow. It was in another tree's shadow. It needed more sun. One day the other tree fell. The tree grew quickly then.
They went to the casino for vacation. They played golf and went to spa. They had great gourmet dinners there. They also played bingo one night. It was a great time and wanted to go again.
Jenny and Sarah really like the boy band. Jenny found out that the band was going to be playing in their town. They had a yard sale of their stuff to raise money. Jenny and Sarah made enough from the yard sale to buy tickets. They were so excited to be going to the concert.
Marie was proud to bring her new boy to meet his grandparents. She was also nervous bringing the toddler to their fancy home. Marie watched as the little boy eyed his grandma's curios. She felt more relaxed when they sat down to supper. Then, the toddler reached and grasped the butter in his hand.
Sue decided to try to write a story. Sue thought the story was a little bit silly. Sue read the story out loud to her boyfriend. Sue and her boyfriend both laughed at the story. Sue decided to delete the story and try again.
Bonnie wanted to look amazing for prom. She did her makeup very carefully, including fake eyelashes. Halfway through the prom she went into the ladies room. She noticed right away that one of her lashes had fallen off. She looked very odd with mis-matched eyelashes.
Ethan's mom promised him ice cream if he behaved. He waited patiently for her in the grocery store. He didn't argue with his little sister in the car. Finally, his mom pulled into the ice cream parking lot! Ethan had a gigantic vanilla ice!
Tim never seemed to have time for her or the children. Work was always at the forefront of his priorities. One day he woke alone and the blood rushed from his face. There was a note on the dresser and he read it. His work now was all he had.
Eddie was walking home from school. He noticed there was hole in the bottom. Eddie decided to stop by the store. Eddie was looking for the perfect shoe. Eddie found the pair for him and purchased them.
The sound was whiny and squeaky. This was on a saxophone. The instructor had asked someone to show poor embrasure. We were learning to play woodwinds. It was in middle school band practice.
She needed to pick up school supplies. The new year was about to begin. She spent over a hundred dollars on one child. The list from the school still was not fulfilled. She left the store in frustration.
Tom was going to Indiana. He was going to see his sister. However, he lost his plane ticket. He was sad. However, the pilot said he could ride for free.
Hill blew the birthday candles on his cake. In his head, he wished for 200-300 dollars. He wasn't certain that the money would come and went to bed. The next day, he found an envelope on the floor. When he opened it, it had 200-300 dollars inside of it.
The storm clouds rolled in. They were dark and full of rain. The smell of wet dirt came first on the wind. Then the pat pat sound of drops on the earth. The rain was wonderful.
Sue was very nervous about her swim meet. Her coach could be stern and she didn't want to disappoint him. Sue stood on the starting block waiting to dive in. The gun went off and she sped through the water as fast as a fish. Her coach's big smile let her know that she had won the race.
Fred realizes that his diet is unhealthy. He decides to start eating more vegetables. At lunch Fred eats a salad. He finds the salad an acceptable lunch. Fred is happy to be eating more healthy food.
Cheryl had a low paying job and expensive taste. Cheryl qualified for a credit card and maxed it in one day. Cheryl stopped paying the card's outstanding balance. Debt collectors began calling Cheryl requesting that she pay her debt. Cheryl went crazy and ran over her phone to make the calls stop!
My dog, Morgan, loves his biscuits. I always put some biscuits in my pocket when we go walking. One day, we went on a long walk in the park. When we got back, I was confused when he started whining. He wanted the last biscuit in my pocket!
Tom wanted to tease his little sister Alice. Tom ran up to Alice and tried to steal her doll. When he grabbed at the doll the doll's arm fell off. Alice began to cry which made Tom feel horrible. Tom fixed the doll's arm and gave it back to Alice.
Kelly was at an amusement park. It began to rain. The park had to close down. The park gave her credit for the next day. Kelly returned to the park the next day.
I spent the entire day cooking a French meal for my girlfriend. It was the first time she'd be trying my cooking. I also made dessert, which I usually don't. After hours of slaving, it was finally done. I still can't believe how delicious it turned out.
A town was having a craft fair in the summer. The most popular booth was a man selling bottle openers. He made a elaborate demonstration of how fun they were to use. The people at the fair were hypnotized by his enthusiasm. The man sold out of his products before the fair was over.
Ellen wanted to know if she could wear leggings while tap dancing. Her boyfriend told her she would look silly. She wore her leggings anyway. Many of her fellow tap dancers loved her leggings. Ellen decided to wear whatever she wanted in the future.
Joe left the house for a bike ride. It started to rain. Joe had forgot his coat. He stopped by his friends house to borrow a coat. His friend joined him on the bike ride.
The man had racing thoughts. He told his friends. One of his friends suggested meditation. The man tried meditation. Meditation slowed down his racing thoughts.
All Tim ever wanted to do was be a writer. Throughout high school, he took advanced English classes. He continued in college and started a local school paper. Eventually Tim got into a famous reporting graduate school. After his hard work, he became a national news reporter.
Abby was recently looking at houses to purchase. The current house she was touring had a very eerie feeling to Abby. It was then Abby heard a noise coming from the bathroom. Abby immediately ran out of the house and to her car. Abby knew she was not going to purchasing the scary house.
Miranda loved basketball. Her friend Stacy asked if she wanted to verse her. Miranda said yes. The two volleyed back and forth. Miranda won.
A window washer came across a very dirty window. He scrubbed away at it for a long time. One spot would not get clean. He realized that the dirt was on the other side of the window. He felt annoyed that he couldn't finish the job.
Paul was a basketball player who got cut from the varsity team. He worked hard every day, never giving up faith. The next year, he tried out again and was the last player to make it. In his final season, Pau developed into the star player. He is now playing collegiate basketball all because he never gave up.
Henry is listening to music. Since the it was loud, he couldn't hear anything around him. His mom fell and was crying for help. She shouted his name several times. He didn't hear her shouts until he took his headphones off.
Margaret had gone to Tangiers to gather information. She followed a man named Zahir through the market. She turned a corner, and Zahir was gone. Zahir grabbed her around the neck and asked who she was. Margaret replied she was his daughter, and Zahir gasped.
Chuck and Haley were about to see their first concert together. They were in line when Haley decided to double check on the tickets. To her panic, she realized that one of the tickets was missing. They searched all over the building for the ticket. Soon the show had started and it was too late to keep looking.
Gina's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape. Gina was scared, but she showed her anyway. After seeing it she wanted to listen to it. Gina hesitated but she still put the tape in the deck. They listened quietly so that her mother wouldn't hear them.
Geb really enjoyed basketball. He and some pals met at the park for a game. Though Geb liked the game, he was no good at it. Geb tried his best to play with the big boys. Geb left the park with a sprained ankle.
Steve took a big risk when he left his job to start his own company. He felt he would be able to make it on his own. The first few months were rough for Steve, he was growing weary. At a networking event he met with many people who helped his career. Now his firm is just as large as the one he left.
Keith was renovating his bathroom. He decided to get a new toilet. He couldn't get the old one out of the room. He had to hit it with a sledge hammer! He decided never to replace a toilet again.
Derek loved playing football. He was the quarterback and was pretty good. He only had one game left in his career. He wanted it to be a good one. He threw for the winning touchdown.
A bunch of teenagers went to the woods. They stayed at a cabin. The cabin was very dark. Some girls got scared. They decided to go home.
My neighbor came over for tea this morning. She sat down on my couch while I prepared it. Carefully, I placed the tea next to her. When she picked it up she shook, spilling tea everywhere. I awkwardly apologized to her for no good reason.
The toilet stopped working. The family called the plumber for help. He came right away and started working. Soon the toilet worked! The plumber handed them the outrageous bill for his services.
A bully named Val pushed Ali down. Ali didn't want to fight Val. Ali tried to talk her way out of a fight. Val laughed as Ali tried to walk away. Before she could get away Val pulled her hair hard making her cry.
Christy and Kate are camping in a tent in the forest. Kate hears a sound and wakes Christy to ask if she heard it too. This time Kate and Christy both hear the sound. Christy laughs and explains that the sound is an owl hooting. Kate is relieved to find out the sound was only an owl.
Jason and his friends wanted to meet for lunch. They couldn't agree on what kind of food to eat. Jason suggested a buffet. They were all able to eat what they wanted. Everyone was satisfied.
Tonight I played 4 games of speed chess with my buddy Tim. I won the first game and drew the second. I then won the next two games. Tim quit, saying he was tired. I chatted with him for ten minutes before signing off.
Tom needed money for bills. He decided to pawn some items. He figured he would get them back after he got more money. He was just barely able to pay his bills. Tom never got his things back.
Cammy was excited to graduate high-school. She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks. She had a big speech prepared. On the day off her alarm didn't go off. She almost didn't make it on time.
For Halloween, I was going to have a party. Everything had to be perfect, including my costume. I had to work for hours on my customer to make sure it was perfect. Every detail, down to the last button was exquisitely done. Everybody that showed up to the party said my costume was the best.
Al was never a very good dancer. His wife loved going out to clubs. Without her knowing he started practicing dance moves. He spent months trying to get better. When she found out she was really touched by his effort.
Jamie signed up to run a race. He trained hard for weeks. During the race he saw another runner trip and fall. Instead of racing he stopped to help the injured runner. He didn't win the race that day, but he won himself a new friend.
Sonya was curious about her family history. Her mother told her to talk to her grandmother. With her grandma's information, Sonya was able to search the internet. She found a lot of historical records for her ancestors. Sonya was happy to present her grandma with a documented family tree.
One day at work Sally receives a present. She receives a dozen red roses. There is a card attached. The card reds your secret admirer. Sally will never know who sent the roses.
Sasha was walking through the halls at school. She went to open her locker when her bracelet got caught. The bracelet snapped open and beads fell everywhere. She collected the beads and saved them in her pocket. Luckily she was able to fix the bracelet later at home.
Julio really wanted chrome rims for his car. He thought it would make him look cool. He saved up money to pay for them. Eventually he had enough and got four. They made his car look cool and he got a girlfriend.
Kim ran to the store on her break at work. It was a warm day and she was wearing flip flops. As she arrived at the store it began to rain hard. She ran through the parking lot to get out of the rain. People stared as her flip flops squeaked in the store.
Kelly owns a SUV. Kelly is lazy about getting regular oil changes. The oil light came on while she was driving to Wisconsin. The mechanic told her she was lucky that the engine was not ruined. Kelly never missed another oil change after that.
Tom was overweight. He always ate too much. He felt pain in his stomach one day. He decided to start eating healthy. Tom eventually became healthy and thin.
Danny saved up for over a year to buy a used car. He immediately went out for an afternoon cruise. One of his favorite songs was playing on the radio. He didn't even know how fast he was going. The police officer filled him in on the ticket.
The sun came out of the sky. Henry was walking to his class, trying to avoid sun contact. His teacher was late and the doors were close. Therefore, Henry had to wait outside until he comes. He caught a sunburn before walking inside the class.
A representative from the circus came through town. He handed out free tickets to people. When he had no more he put up signs. People saw the signs and asked for tickets. The representative told them to come to the circus for more!
Richard lived in Australia. He wanted to get Trump t shirt but they aren't sold in Australia. So he went to a place that prints t shirt. He gave them the job of making him a Trump t shirt. Richard proudly wears his new t shirt.
There were new toys that kids played with on the playground. They were balls with small spikes on them. The spikes hurt when you caught the ball. The school wanted to get rid of these dangerous toys. The principle decided to buy all of the spike balls from the kids.
Amy went to the beach with her family. It was her favorite place to be. She found a big conch shell on the shore. She was sad when her family had to leave the next day. She held the conch up to her ear and could still hear the waves!
My mom had a 75 gallon fish tank. She had friendly freshwater fish in there. Every one of her birthdays, I bought her shark for her tank. I tried to turn her sweet tank into a shark tank. To my shagrin, all the shark died and were eaten by the sweet fish.
Todd was racing home. A police car pulled out behind him. The lights and siren were on. The officer gave him a ticket. Todd's day had been terrible!
Clay plays baseball for a living. Clay cannot stay healthy for a season. Clay throws a pitch and strains his oblique. Clay is taken out of the game. Clay cannot pitch the rest of the season due to his injury.
Chan was eating at a Chinese restaurant. After he finished his meal he opened his fortune cookie. The cookie read your life's in danger. Chan got scared and got up and left. He made it home safe after the scary message.
Last week my friends and I got sleds together and went on a hill. We all had races going down and running back up. I won most of them but it was almost a tie. My best friend finally gave up when he was too tired. It was a fun day and we all felt like winners.
Elvis is promoting local bands shows. He's passionate about what he does. He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show. The show has a lot of buzz. The show sells out and Elvis is very happy.
Sheila was excited to have a secret admirer. She told her jealous pals about the letters and gifts he sent her. Sheila fantasized that her admirer was a handsome athlete. She watched from her window to see who was leaving the tokens. When she saw it was a gangly teen, Sheila felt her face redden.
Mary started her day off with a small bowl of cereal. She then worked out at the gym for an hour. Afterwards, Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital. She was there to visit her grandmother. Mary sat in the room and told stories to her all evening.
Riley went to the bar for karaoke night. This was his first time doing it. He sang an Aerosmith song. Everyone cheered. He apparently did very well.
Jack showed the man how to drive a forklift. The man didn't quite understand. When he tried to drive it the lift would not move. Jack refused to help the man any more. The man avoided the forklift in the future.
Kelly moved to a new location. She went to a new pharmacy. They were a bit skeptical of her prescription. The pharmacy called to verify the information. Once verified they gave Kelly her medication.
Ryan stood at the counter with chocolate frosting outlining his mouth. He again denied eating the cupcake with a quick shake of his head. Her lightning-quick finger wiped across his face. The sugary brown evidence of his guilt frosted her finger. The punishment of a hug and a face washing was swift in coming.
Bob had used Progressive's Snapshot device on his car. When he changed policies, he previous results didn't count. Bob had to mail the device back to Progressive. Progressive then mailed it right back to Bob. Bob put it back on his car and vowed to find a better provider.
Richard was having a horrible day. He went through the drive thru for lunch. Someone had already paid for his meal! He was very grateful. This small kind act really improved his mood!
She was immediately checked in. They put her in a bed. Her feet hung over the edge. They took her vital signs. They said she was going to be on bed rest.
Travis always dreamed of a job at a bar. He found a local bar where he wanted to work and applied for a job. Finally Travis was offered a job bartending. He worked very hard to be the best bartender he could. Travis was so happy that he was finally a bartender.
Henry does not like to go to school. One day his principal said they would have a pizza party. The pizza party was for kids with good grades. Henry studied very hard everyday. Henry got good enough grades to go to the pizza party!
Shane's parents told him that they we're going to be moving. He was very scared to move to a new school and make new friends. The first few weeks of school were very hard and lonely for Shane. Shane decided to join the football team to try and make friends. Shane now loves his new school, his team and all his new friends.
Kathy liked cooking. Goat cheese was her favorite ingredient. She added it to almost everything. She put it in a quiche and her family raved. It was delicious!
Dennis was eating breakfast at a diner. The diner offered a free plate to anyone who could eat it all. Dennis had a huge appetite so he decided to give it a try. At first he had a hard time making it through each bite. Luckily, he finished it off and got his free meal.
Rick was great with the ladies. He always knew what to say And how to approach different females. But it is now many Years past his prime. He lives alone now as an old man.
Last night I tried cramming for a test. It was midnight and I was try to get work done. Unfortunately my eyes started closing. I was exhausted. When i woke up I was very unprepared.
One morning George woke up. He realized he was late. He quickly got ready and grabbed his coffee. On the way, he spilled his coffee on his pants. George was even more late to work since he had to get new pants.
I emailed all of partners to send what they did for the project. However, none of them didn't send anything. The next day, the teacher called on our group to start presenting. Nancy, who contributed nothing to the project, started to talk. She basically stated everything that I wrote.
Sam was washing his car. It was sunny and bright. As soon as Sam finished it got cloudy. Soon after that it started to rain. Sam was frustrated by the situation.
Jackson is very articulate about his car. The car stayed clean inside and out. Jackson bought a car just for him. Jackson car disappeared off the face of the earth. Jackson had to do a police report on the car.
Esmeralda wanted to make a part-time income baking bread. She began toying with recipes until she had a few promising flavors. Esmeralda paid for a booth at a farmer's market. Esmeralda sold out all of her bread. She later began a bakery and quit her preceding job.
Our granddaughter Anna turned two this April. Her mom threw a birthday party for her. Many relatives came and brought gifts. When the cake came she was afraid of the candles and cried. She got better after opening the gifts and eating cake.
Lucy wanted to play accordion. She came for her first lesson. Lucy was very tiny. She put accordion on her lap. She felt a big pain in her knees.
Ara went to take a shower one summer morning. But the water did not heat up, even after several minutes! Her mom informed her that the gas was out, so the water was cold. Ara decided that since it was summer, a cold shower was okay. After the first shock, it actually felt very good!
Mayson had gotten in trouble in school. He was required to write out sentences on the blackboard. He had to say during lunch to continue writing the sentences. When he was finished with them the teacher took him for a treat. Mayson felt a lot better and happier afterwards.
Cassie's gym class was playing soft ball. The kids were dividing up into teams. Cassie waited to be chosen, but wasn't picked. Finally, she was the last one left. Cassie was mortified.
Milton is a 10. Milton is watching his Father drink a beer. Milton wants to try. Milton's father gives him a sip. Milton spit it out and promised to never drink again.
Earl came to the Drive-Thru of a restaurant to place an order. The person on the intercom took the order. He approached on the side windows. When the cashier handed his order, she accidentally dropped it. It landed on the ground and got soaked in water.
Carl was walking home from his car. He tripped over a big twig. He hurt his ankle on the way down. It got a hairline fracture on it. He had to go to a doctor.
Rina went to an amusement park with her family. She has never been on a roller coaster. Her family convinced her to give it a try. Rina got on the roller coaster with her dad and was very scared. After the ride, she got sick and never wants to ride one again.
A woman walked into our office. It looked like she was trying to hide a black eye. She was wearing a lot of makeup. I asked her what happened. She told me she fell downstairs, but I didn't believe her.
Tom decided to spend the night in a cave. He brought his favorite blanket. He was very scared. Once he heard the birds singing he knew he would be fine. He slept comfortably all night.
Mike left the Army and didn't know what to do next. He was 22 years old and ready for anything. He tried many different jobs but could never quite fit in. After some time he was hired at a body shop and fell in love with it. Today Mike owns his own body shop and is very happy.
John's upstairs neighbors had a really loud alarm. He would hear it go off every morning. They would often hit the snooze button. He asked them if they could turn it down a bit. They reluctantly obliged.
When we got the cats, we bought them cat beds. However we soon realized they prefered our bed over their bed. Yes they would lay in theirs from time to time. But most of the time, they liked to lay with their owners. So when we got our next bed, we got a King so we could fit everyone!
Martha was a little girl who still sucked her thumb. Her mother wanted her to stop doing that. Every day she put a bitter tasting substance on Martha's thumb. Whenever Martha would try to suck it, she would get a bitter taste. This eventually broke her thumb sucking habit.
Jenna collapsed on her bed in tears. Ben asked her to Spring Party, but she had no money for a dress. Just then her roommate, Marissa, entered, smiling. To her surprise, Marissa smiled and held out a beautiful dress. The dress fit perfectly and Jenna was able to go the party after all!
Stephanie loves to look at yard sales. She woke up early on Saturday to go see some. She found an antique dresser for her bedroom. She loves the dresser in her bedroom. Next weekend she will see if she can find a matching mirror.
Bob was playing basketball with his neighbor. He shot the basketball over the rim. The basketball landed into the river next to his house. Bob chased after his basketball. The river was too fast and carried his basketball all the way down.
Miss Anthony was an elementary school teacher. One day, the students needed to take a standardized test. Miss Anthony went over the necessary material with her students. The students passed the standardized test with flying colors. The next day, Miss Anthony rewarded her students with candy.
Jamie had sprained her ankle. Her friends were going to the fair. Jamie wanted to go to the fair with her friends. Her mother bought her a set of crutches. Jamie was able to join her friends at the fair.
There was a candy tasting. Lily decided to try some. She went for it. Then she screamed. It was chocolate covered bugs.
Farrah changed her clothes since she's going to the mall. Before leaving the house, she had a large cup of detox tea. The tea disturbed her stomach when she was walking around. She had to use the bathroom constantly. She also left the mall early due to stomach cramps.
My building sponsors a high school art fair every year. One year I read that a student had died in a car accident. She was listed as one of the exhibitors. I found her artwork and prayed before it. It was a sad moment.
Leroy had never wanted to play the same instruments as his friends. While they all wanted to learn the trombone, he loved the clarinet. Leroy practiced clarinet every day until he became an expert. Finally he was recognized as the best clarinet player in his town. Leroy is so happy that he stuck with the clarinet.
The writer stared at the blank page. Nothing was coming to him today. But, finally, he had a flash of inspiration. He set to typing furiously. By morning's end, he had crafted five exquisite sentences.
Tommy was playing hide and seek with his brother. He was hiding under the bed. Tommy's brother was in the room looking for him. Tommy began to laugh. Tommy's brother found him.
We found a kitten sitting beside the dumpster. It was pouring rain, cold, and the kitten looked miserable. We took the kitten home and dried and fed it. We could not decide what to name the cat, but it soon became apparent. It's actions were comical, and we called it Crazy Cat.
Bill loved music and making music. He began uploading videos of himself playing his tunes to YouTube. Bill began attracting lots of loyal fans. Bill soon got an email from a record producer. Now Bill's music is being published by Sony!
My old church was very evangelical. The church believed in adult baptism. Nobody could take the host unbaptized. One day a couple debated letting their child take the host. They decided not to allow her.
The neighbors threw a birthday party. Although I wasn't there, I heard all of the noise at the party. A bullet shot was fired. A thief came inside and took the neighbor's daughter. However, the cops arrested him before he ran away.
Jesse wanted to lose some weight. He had packed on an extra twenty pounds. He started exercising. He also stopped drinking sodas. He lost the weight in two months.
When Joey was little, he wanted a pet dinosaur. His mother told him that that was not possible. His father laughed and said that he had a surprise for Joey. Joey's parents gave him a puppy. Joey was glad it was a puppy and not a dinosaur.
I had a stroke in 2011. I did not get home until January of 2012. I started outpatient physical therapy in late January. I had sessions until June. The therapy did not help.
Kia loved to take walks. She would walk for hours at at time. One time Kia ran into a stray dog. The dog didn't seem to be very friendly. Kia remained calm and got away from the dog safely.
Ben owns a 10 year old TV. He decided it was time to get a more modern TV. Ben decided to work overtime until he had enough money for the TV. He decided to wait for the big sale on Black Friday. Ben bought a 70 inch flat screen TV.
Ryan took his fishing pole and a tackle box to a pond. He placed a lure with a hook on his pole. Ryan cast out the line. He felt a fish tugging on his fishing pole. He yanked the line and reeled in a large walleye.
Recently my community banned the provision of bags in shops. Plastic bags now cost extra. I think this was good, but I can't get used to it. I always forget to bring my canvas bags with me instead. Today I had to pay the fee again, but it was minor.
Jeff wanted to go to sleep. He had school early the next day. Michael ended up playing video games. He played till very late at night. Jeff fell asleep in class.
I wanted to date a girl. But, I was too shy to ask anyone out. I decided to get help from my brother. He taught me how to get girls to like me. But, it was pointless because years later I realized that I liked men.
Ron was looked forward to see a new movie in theaters. He has been waiting to see this movie for a year. Ron generously spent money on snacks in anticipation of the movie. Ron realized the movie wasn't what he was hoping for. Ron left the theater disappointed.
The suspect took off running on foot. He ran into my parent's store. My father grabbed his gun. Videotape showed the suspect charged my father. My is being charged with first degree murder.
My former coworker's daughter got into the University of VT. She took her daughter to the school today. They moved her into her dorm. Then they went to a steak house. She will post a sad message on FB later, I think.
Janet wanted a new hair do. She decided to get a perm. It accidentally burned her hair. She had to cut a lot of it off. She still feels proud for trying something different.
Sally went to her friend's farm. On the farm, there were horses. Sally was afraid of horses so she shied away from them. Her friend told her that horses were shy too. Sally learned that she had something in common with horses.
Victoria enjoys sitting at the bar when she goes to sushi restaurants. Her favorite thing is to watch the chefs prepare her sushi rolls. It's so intriguing to her. She always compliments the chefs on their technique. On her last trip, they offered to give her lessons.
Brady was boiling some eggs. He decided to watch tv while they were cooking. Brady heard a strange noise. He had forgotten about the eggs. They were burning.
There was a power outage in the Smith residence. Fred could barely see in front of him. He crawled around in the dark, feeling his way around. Finally, he felt his hand wrap around a familiar item. He turned on the flashlight.
I didn't want to go trick or treating as a witch again. I thought it was boring, and I would lose the contest. The contest was at the skating rink that year. I was shocked when I won. The judges said I was the best looking witch they had ever seen.
A bartender was walking home home after a long day. She was very close to her apartment. Suddenly a man comes up and assaults her. She was too weak to fight back. She ended up dying.
Jenny found a locket with a photo inside on the sidewalk. Jenny tore out the photo and put the locket around her neck. The next day, Jenny heard a girl crying in the restroom. When the girl came out of the stall, Jenny met her eyes. She recognized the girl from the photo in the locket.
A man decided to buy a cool vehicle. He looked up different motorbikes. He saw a cool red bike. He bought it online. He picked it up at the local store.
Kathy woke up in the morning feeling sick. Her husband brought her breakfast. She ate it. But then she threw up. She found out she was pregnant.
Jack leaned back and casually popped the top on a beer. The sun was up and the sea breeze was comforting. The boat rocked as he surveyed the line of fishing poles. All the lines were run out and ready. This was another great day of fishing.
Sue was supposed to be going to the beach with her friends. The weather showed no chance of rain. When they got closer to the beach, the clouds got darker. Suddenly, it started to rain and storm. They had to stay in the hotel the rest of the trip.
There was a little boy who had a puppy. He and the puppy were the best of friends. One day, the little boy left the gate open, and the puppy ran away! The little boy asked his parents to help him find his friend. They found the puppy across the street, playing in some bushes.
Amelia has really been struggling in school as of late. Her work and performance in school has been lacking. She claims it's due to her teachers. However the effort shows that she's not trying hard enough Today she received her report card and was rather disappointed.
Heath was tired. He had stayed up all night studying for his test. Heath was driving to school. He started to drift off. Heath stopped at a coffee shop for a coffee.
Pete had a new pet. It was a furry dog named Frank. Pete gave Frank lots of attention. He was happy to have a creature to care for. Pete told his friends he was thinking about getting another dog too.
Margaret couldn't afford her regular eye makeup anymore. So she went to the store for free samples. She used the samples until they ran out. Turns out she liked one of them. And it was cheaper than what she usually wore!
Sam was running for president. He started getting a following. He went to all of the on the fence states. He won the democratic debate. He ended up being president.
Adam found an old watch at a yard sale. It was valuable, but broken. Adam thought he could fix it. At home, he tinkered with it until it worked again! Now he could sell it for a much higher price.
My wife and I saw a movie today. There was a box in the lobby with free movie posters. We took one home. I posted it on eBay and hope to sell it. I said it might pay for the movie.
Dina decided to volunteer at a nursing home. She was introduced to an elderly man. He reminisced about his first wife who had died young. She was surprised how fresh the old pain was for him. She hoped she would find a husband who loved her as much.
Josh has to send employees home early to save payroll. His company is not making money so he has to cut hours. He offers his employees to go home an hour early. All in all he saves twenty hours of payroll for his business. That was enough to ensure his company stays profitable.
Tom had a big dinner. He ate too much. After his friends wanted to hang out. Tom had bad gas throughout the night. He kept burping and creeping girls.
Randy and Charles were kids staying with a mutual aunt. On the Fourth of July they bought a box of fireworks. Their aunt wanted to be brave and light a firecracker. She took a lighter and lit a firecracker that flies. She ran scared but the firecracker flew after her, hitting her.
Carla worked hard to become a femme fatale. She exercised to enlarge her breasts and shrink her waist. The Carla discovered her inner Carl. As she became the, Carl disdained Carla's former obsessions. In his nightmares, Carl wonders if someday Carla will erupt again.
Andy was neither Democrat or Republican, he was an Independent. Andy knew that soon he would have to pick a candidate to vote for. Andy decided he would go to look into the two choices he had. After researching, Andy was still as confused as he initially was. Andy decided he would have to research more before making a decision.
There once was a bunny in the forest. The bunny ate berries and fruit. The bunny slept by the lake. The bunny was very lonely. So it found it's family and they stayed together always!
Michael and Maryann were going on vacation. They were driving across the country together. Michael told Maryann that he check the oil and the tires. He didn't check either. Within the first hour the car breaks down and they have to get towed.
Jack took Kelsey to a movie. He picked a scary movie so she would be scared. Jack was hoping Kelsey would cuddle next to him. Kelsey laughed through the whole movie at how bad it was. At the end of the night though, she gave him a kiss.
We originally had two remotes and cable boxes. We turned one box in but they did not take the remote. We switched to a DVR box and they gave us another remote. We found a fourth remote in the building. Now we have one cable box and four remotes!
Franklin was an only child and had never had a roommate before. He was dreading having to share a room in college. When he arrived in his dorm, he prepared himself for the meeting. His roommate Mike introduced himself and seemed friendly. They discovered they had a lot in common, and Franklin was reassured.
Jan and Bill book the best wedding singer in town for their wedding. But the night before the wedding the singer's fiance dumps him. He shows up to Jan and Bill's wedding and performs drunk. Everybody is horrified by the singer's performance. The next day the singer apologizes and gives them a full refund.
The Anderson family was driving to Wyoming. The car ran out of gas! The family had to walk all the way to the gas station. They filled up the car with gas. The family made it to Wyoming safely.
It was Elizabeth's fifth birthday. Her mother put a cake with 5 candles on it in front of her. Elizabeth leaned over the cake to blow out the candles. Elizabeth's long hair caught on fire and burned her face. Despite Elizabeth's permanent facial scars, she is now a fashion model
Joey's dad told him not to run off when they were hiking. But he wandered away thinking he could find his way back. When he realized he was lost he started to panic. Then he heard his dad calling for him. He promised to stay close the rest of the hike.
Fred tried out for the track team and got in line for the mile run. He is in great shape but couldn't finish the mile run. The coach noticed he was fast off the start but quickly lost steam. The coach asked Fred to get in line for the hundred meter dash. Fred one first place every time because it only lasts a few seconds.
John invited Ella over to his apartment for dinner. John put a roast in the oven before her arrival. When Ella arrived, John poured some wine. John bragged a little about his cooking ability. When John opened the oven, they both saw he had burned the roast!
Tom spent almost an hour getting a stain out of his couch. He had to use different products and tutorials. Finally it seemed to work. To celebrate he poured himself a glass of red wine. He then accidentally dropped it on the same spot.
Dominick has a birthday coming. He wants a pair of work boots so bad. He told his parents that was what he wanted. His parents went and bought them for his birthday. Dominick was so happy to get his boots.
I went to the auction house yesterday to look at paintings. The paintings were beautiful. The only downside was that they were expensive. I could hardly afford anything. Thankfully I was able to simply look.
Cam tossed a handful of seeds into her front yard. She made no effort to take care of the seeds. In a few weeks some began to sprout. Cam began to water the ones that grew tall. She dug up the plants when they got big and put them in a pot.
The customer carried a sandwich up to the service counter. Nick Greeted the customer. The customer showed that their sandwich had been made incorrectly. Nick remade the sandwich for the customer. The customer was happy with this solution.
Kate was visiting Paris and she had already seen the Louvre museum. But she liked Impressionist paintings best. She decided to go to the Musee d'Orsay to see the Impressionist works. When she arrived, she gaped in open mouthed awe and wonder. Kate was taken aback by the beauty of the Musee d'Orsay!
Sam was hiking in the forest. Then he saw he had wandered off trail. Sam was frightened. He began carefully trying to retrace his steps. Soon he had found his way back to camp.
I had a strange day at work today. I hit no traffic driving in. There was very little work to get done. My meeting was canceled. It was unlike most days.
Lisa and Debbie were playing in the yard near the pine tree. All of a sudden a bird dove at them. They ran off as it chased them. It finally flew back over to the tree. She was protecting her nest.
There once was a boy who loved feeding bears in the woods. The boy loved to feed at night when it was most dangerous. The boy's father warned him daily to stop, but he never listened. One night, the boy went out alone, looking to meet more bears. The boy was attacked and eaten, and heard from no more.
Angie took her kids to the park. They played for a long time and then walked back home. When she got home she realized she was locked out. She went to her neighbors to call a locksmith. The locksmith unlocked the door and charged her lots of money.
Jason wanted to visit Dallas. He had friends who lived there and invited him to visit. Jason researched flights but they were too expensive. Jason decided to go to Dallas by bus. He felt confident the trip would still be fun.
My little rat terrier Cora loves to chase squirrels. They run up the tree and she barks at them. One squirrel she chased didn't run away so she attacked it. The squirrel wasn't having that and bit her in two places. She yelped and now she doesn't chase squirrels anymore.
Jennifer was stressed about her upcoming test. She was studying to be a chiropractor and this was her final exam. Everything hinged on this one test. When she got the results back, she had failed by three points. Jennifer was heartbroken.
Bella made dessert for her family dinner. She made a rich chocolate pudding. Her family loved the pudding. They told Bella it was delicious. Bella was very proud of her cooking.
Our cat likes to walk between the furniture and the wall. She walks behind the sofa this way. Last week we moved our tv stand away from the wall for a rug. We did not put it back flush to the wall. She started walking behind the tv.
Amy loved Cookie Crisp cereal. It was like eating dessert for breakfast. After a week her mother made her eat a healthy breakfast. Amy asked if she could have the cereal as a snack instead. She was sad when she wasn't allowed to.
Beth bought some new fabric. She was going to make new curtains. She sewed them quickly and hung them up. They looked great! Beth was proud of the work she'd done.
Cindy really likes apples. She wanted to try something new with them. She decided to try to make baked apples for the first time. She gathered everything she needed and began cooking. It's now her favorite apple dish!
I got a new roommate in my apartment today. We got along fine until we started to play music. He played his music way too loud. He couldn't stand my music. So I bought two pairs of headphones so we both could enjoy our music.
Jacob asked his parents for a car for his birthday. They decided to buy one for him. They went to the dealership and looked around. After looking for hours, they decided on a Mustang. Jacob was excited and thanked his parents profusely.
There was a big snowstorm. The next morning school was cancelled. All of the neighborhood kids came out to play. They built snow men and igloos. The next day they were sad to have to go back to school.
Cindy clicked the send button and waited for the ding. The ding didn't come. She clicked the send button again. The ding remained as absent as ever. Cindy suddenly realized her modem wasn't plugged in.
Tom worked an office job. The company decided to run a special promotion. The promotion was to give one thousand dollars away. The winner was determined by who worked the most overtime. Tom worked twelve hours per day and won the contest.
Shawn was almost an adult now. He had always wanted a pet dog for himself. His parents would always say no because he was too young. Now that his eighteenth birthday was here he felt old enough. Before he could ask them again they surprised him with his very own dog.
Donna had a lot of pain in her ankle. She rushed to the doctors to see what had occurred. The doctor said that she had broken the bones in her ankle. It took many months for her ankle to heal. Finally, Donna was able to walk without any pain.
The old woman had trouble doing her grocery shopping. Trevor decided to assist the woman. He walked around the store and helped the woman. The woman was grateful for his help. The woman gave Trevor five dollars for his help.
Johnson submitted his work to the teacher. She looked over it. Although he got every question correct, she gave him an F. He was immediately confused and contacted the principal. When he realized this, he fired the teacher.
Timmy scurried across the kitchen floor. He edged up to the kitchen cupboard. With all his might, he pushed against the floor. Leaning against the cupboard door, he managed to stand! Timmy giggled and gurgled with joy as he stood for the first time.
Remold needed a new car badly. He decided to go from a sedan to a sports car. When he got his sports car, he was beyond excited. He was so excited that he went 115mph on the way home. He got pulled over and received a speeding ticket!
Miles has wanted a pair of leather motorcycle chaps for months. Usually he wears jeans while riding his motorcycle. However, when he sees other motorcyclists in chaps, he feels jealous. Finally he saves up enough money for a good pair of leather chaps. On his first ride wearing chaps, Miles feels great.
Justin always wanted to move away from home. He got his opportunity after he graduated college. He started an internship 1250 miles away from his hometown. He missed his family and friends. He moved back home when the internship was over.
Sue was brushing her teeth. She noticed that she had some grey hairs in the mirror. She went to the store and bought some hair dye. She dyed her hair in the bathroom. Sue had improved confidence in herself by coloring her grey hairs.
Steve wanted to start a new business. He learned all about the need of snake venom for medical use. So he approached a lab and got a contract for 2 snakes. He went into the woods and caught the 2 snakes. Steve got paid $500 for the two snakes he caught.
I went to the best buy store looking for cell phones. My old Android phone was annoying and it is time for me to upgrade. Looking at their selection of Android phones, I was disappointed. Then, I saw the iPhone and I decided to give it a try. This is absolutely my favorite phone of all time!
Olson always enjoyed wearing rings. He had over twenty rings in his jewelry collection. One day, he found a beautiful ring at a store. He saw the price tag and almost fainted. Olson had to save his money for two years to buy that ring.
The weather turned cold and foul by Jim's house. There was icy rain and the wind blew hard. Jim saw that his front steps were covered in ice. He took some salt from his garage and spread it on the steps. The ice melted a little so Jim added even more salt.
It's time for finals next week. I have been busy studying for the past few days. I hope to do well on my exams. I have been taking practice tests and using flashcards. I am confident that I will ace the tests.
Tom was tired of work. He decided to go on vacation. Tom was having a great time. He didn't want it to end. He extended it by days.
Kris played basketball with his friends after school. Kris noticed that his watch was hindering his basketball skills. He took his watch off and set it down. When the game was over Kris went looking for his watch. Kris never found his watch and was very upset.
NASA set up a training mission. The team played out a trip to Mars. They emerged from the trip years later. People asked them questions. They answered them with poise.
Tony is a retired baseball player. One day he takes a walk in the park. He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball. Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves. Tony decides to spend his retirement Years as a little league coach.
Steve was obsessed with potato chips. He ate potato chips with every meal. For his birthday, his friends decided to indulge his obsession. They got him a tour of a potato chip factory. Steve had the best birthday of his life.
Anna had just had a baby. She wasn't sure what to name it. Then a nurse suggested "Kayla". Anna considered the name and decided it was very pretty. She happily christened her new baby "Kayla"!
Jenny had great career plans. She had mapped out her whole future. When an accident made her an invalid, she lost everything. She had to plan again and find a new meaning. With time, she found purpose and is now very fulfilled.
Mike liked to spend time outdoors. He was relaxing in his backyard when a duck waddled up to him. He seemed injured. Mike called a wildlife rescue group. They came and took the duck to get it some help.
It was getting cold outside and starting to snow. Brad needed to get new tires on his car to be safe in winter. He had saved up for months for this event. He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed. Brad was happy as he felt reassured about driving in the upcoming days
Jenna's feet were freezing. She just came in from playing in the snow. Her mom had a pair of fuzzy socks on the couch waiting for her. She slipped them on as quickly as she could. She felt her toes warming up right away.
A stray kitten came to my door. I gave the kitten a bowl of milk because it looked hungry. The kitten stayed around my door so I adopted it. I named the kitty Pussy. Pussy and I are best friends now.
Koa went for a hike on Hawaii. He got lost in the jungle. Then another hiking party helped him out. They gave him directions - and a map. Koa was very grateful!
Jake wanted to get his girlfriend flowers. He saw some on the side of the road that looked nice. Jake decided to pick them and put them in a vase. He arranged them himself. His girlfriend loved the gift.
Tina was reading a terrible book. She sent an email to the author about the book's grammar mistakes. And she complained about the boring characters. Tina enjoyed venting her anger. But the author sent an angry email back.
Tim, Ted, and Terry were three brother only a year apart in age. Tim and Ted resented the youngest brother. At the picnic, Terry got the best portion of food, as always. When they left the park, Tim and Ted started to exclude Terry. Terry got upset and told on Tim and Ted.
Cindy was afraid of dogs. So she was nervous at her friend Beth's house. Beth insisted that her dog wasn't harmful. So Cindy tried to accept being around the dog. Before Cindy left Beth's house, Cindy's finger was bit.
Stacey was headed to the lake for the weekend. On the way she got a flat tire. She stopped and changed the flat tire. Once the tire was changed she continued on her way. When Stacey arrived at the lake she went swimming.
Isabella thinks she's the prettiest girl because she got a flipper. She entered every beauty contest and always won. In one pageant, her flipper broke and she had to perform without it. The judges deducted points and she didn't place in this one. Isabella deduced she was not the prettiest girl without her flipper.
Bill visited the local zoo. He enjoyed seeing the monkeys the most. He teased them and the monkeys responded to him. He loved the Orangutans the most. He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later.
Alice's mom needs to go to the doctor. She called Alice to come drive her. She sits for 30 minutes waiting for Alice. Alice's mom is getting angry, but Alice finally arrives After apologizing for being late, Alice drives her mom to the doctor.
A man at the office looked at his massive stack of paperwork. He pushed it off his desk and into the trash bin. For the rest of the day he felt free from work. The next day his boss asked if he filed the paperwork yet. The man laughed and told him it was taken care of.
Two years ago on October 21st my niece Flo was born. Since my sister lives a few hours away I was not able to see her then. In November my sister finally came to visit my house. I finally got to meet Flo, who at the time was just a month old. She was the cutest baby I had ever seen in my entire life.
Macy was playing outside near her house. She heard thunder in the distance. Macy decided to come back inside the house. It started to rain soon after Macy came in. Macy was glad she was safe and dry.
My son and I drove to the shelter to adopt a new cat. We spent two hours playing with over fifty cats. We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad. When we got home, we found a sweet little stray living in our garage. Our new kitty adopted us, which made us very happy.
Emma really wanted an after school job to earn money. Her dad said she couldn't get one unless her grades improved. Emma devoted a lot of time to studying hard. Soon she was earning As in all her classes! Emma was finally allowed to get a job and earn spending money!
Jeffrey sat at his desk for his first day of class in college. He didn't know anyone so he shook hands with his neighbors. When the class started, the teacher asked the students to form pairs. Jeffrey chose instantly a girl he had just met. And as they talked, they realized they had been neighbors as kids.
Jane had been selected for jury duty. She was curious about what the case was going to be. On her first day she learned it was a murder trial. She listened to both sides of the story and made a decision. In the juror meeting she voted not guilty.
Elaina was shopping for groceries. She took the bus and had only one hour to catch it again. She tried her best to hurry but was running out of time. Finally she was forced to abandon the last items on her list. She still barely made it in time to catch the bus.
Norman and Jim were playing catch in Jim's front yard. Jim threw the ball so hard it got stuck in a tree. Norman tried to get the ball down by throwing a baseball bat at it. Instead, the bat came down and smashed out Jim's dad's car window. Jim and Norman had to do yard work all summer to help make up for it.
Jim stepped outside to get the newspaper off the front porch. He felt chilly as the wind blew around him. Jim went to his bedroom closet. He found a sweater. Jim put the sweater on over his shirt.
My friends and I used to play in an old barn by our town. My friends and I would hide in the loft and play in the hay. The farmer who owned the barn decided to tear it down. My friends and I watched as the barn was destroyed. We felt sad that one of our favorite places to play was gone.
Tim wanted to do something fun. He asked his friends if they wanted to join him. He suggested they visit a zoo. Tim and his friends went to the zoo. Everyone had fun at the zoo.
In 1982 I worked in a small office. There was no written dress code but I was business casual. One day a coworker came in wearing shorts and a t-shirt. The manager sent him home to change. The company published a dress code a week later.
Francis was a big fan of the band Blink 182. He learned that they were playing nearby. Francis got three tickets for he and his friends. They got to the front of the pit. All three of them had the time of their lives.
I smelled a foul odor in the order. I didn't know where it was coming from. I smelled my armpit. I realize I didn't put any deodorant on. I kept my arms close so no one will smell my odor.
Bob planted some trees when he bought his house. He tended to them year after year. Bob didn't notice them growing because he saw them every day. Bob decided to sell his house after a decade. The buyers all complimented his mature shade trees.
All the girls in Mia's school made fun of her for being pale. They all had the golden skin you can only get from a tanning bed. Mia didn't let it bother her because she knew too much sun was bad. At the ten year reunion Mia looks incredible, not a day over 21. All the other girls have leathery skin and look not a day under 41.
Noah quit his job without telling his parents. This made his parents very sad because they didn't understand why. Noah explained that he was being bullied on the job by another boy. His parents told him he should have talked with the boss about it. Noah is having a hard time finding another job.
My dad called me. He said my mom was admitted to the hospital. She had a heart attack. I rushed to the hospital. By the time I got there, she had passed away.
I got a car charger to charge my phone. However, I dropped it when I tried to plug it up. It fell out of the car and down a hill. I quickly chased after it. I finally got the car charger before it rolled into a small pond.
Today was a leap day in a leap year. It was also Marks birthday, so he went out with friends. He just turned 16, but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday. They thought it was funny, but a cop heard them celebrate. They finished eating, and the cop stopped Mark to see his license!
I once went on an ice skating date with someone. I was really bad at ice skating. So I kept falling down. Embarrassed, I apologized to my date. He laughed and suggested we do something else.
After work everyone was arm wrestling. Sean had the biggest arms and was beating everyone. Sally said she could beat Sean. Everyone began to laugh. Sally and Sean arm wrestled and Sally won.
Yesterday, I woke up and was feeling a little congested. Worried about getting sick, I decided to take an antihistamine. I found Claritin, which has worked well in the past. I was hoping I would start feeling better soon. When my condition didn't improve, I went to the walk-in clinic.
Joe is going to Las Vegas. He is going to go to the casino. He will play craps. He will play roulette. He will lose big.
My favorite restaurant in town was the KFC on the corner. They went out of business a few years back. They were replaced by a Sonic's, which I sort of enjoyed eating at. That place also went belly up. Now I avoid looking at the used car lot that replaced it.
A big thunderstorm rolled through a town. Little Belle is afraid of thunder and lightning. She immediately runs to her dad. Her dad always makes her feel safe. Belle doesn't know her dad is afraid of thunder too.
The teacher had a cast on her foot. She said she was walking and twisted her ankle. She fell down and it snapped. The boy looked at her with big eyes. He told her he was afraid to walk anymore.
John had friends over for a movie night. Nobody could agree on what to watch. Those that claimed not to care complained the hardest. Eventually John picked for everyone else. Nobody liked his choice.
A man walked into a casino and went to the roulette table. He slapped down a $5 bill on the table and asked for chips. The man placed a bet on black and won. He kept betting on black and soon he had thousands. The man threw his winnings up in the air and made it rain.
Honko was a clown at the big circus. One day at the circus, Honko had a big act to perform. Honko was to slip on a banana peel and fly through a ring of fire. But the peel was too slippery and Honko hit his head instead. Honky suffered a severe concussion and the show was cancelled.
Teresa was waiting for her friend Becky to come to her house. After an hour of waiting she decides to call Becky. Teresa becomes concerned that she's not picking up the phone. She leaves a voicemail message asking Becky where she is. Becky turns up later to apologize to Teresa for not coming.
Adam liked candy. One of the candies he had was called the Twist. It was super sour and Adam never had that type of candy. He started to taste it but quickly had a disgusted look on his face. Adam has never bought a sour candy since that day.
There was a sign in town that advertised jobs with the police. Lots of new recruits came out to the station to apply. The chief of police looked over the bunch and dismissed many. Out of the scores that came, only five remained. The chief handed them each a badge and said they were hired.
Karen bought a new bag She was excited about showing it off. She wore it out to the club with friends. At the club five other women had the same bag. Karen was annoyed and stopped wearing it as much.
Basil went camping in bear infested woods. He was ignorant of safety practices for outdoor activities. He stored food in his tent. Basil was assaulted by bears. He suffered injuries.
It rained hard and now John's apartment has no electricity. John an avid tv watcher was bored. His friend's were at work so he couldn't go out with them. John remembered his mom gave him a book. John read the book all day and was no longer bored.
The clock maker started to make the maple wood clock. The maple split in two halfway through the job. He was nervous he wouldn't finish on time. He choose another piece of wood and began working. He finished with 5 minutes to spare.
John blinked his eyes and read the sign again. It definitely stated to be cautious, for there were zombies ahead. The cars around him had slowed down, their drivers confused as well. The traffic continued without any zombies to be seen. The prankster who had hacked the sign enjoyed the chaos he had caused.
Alicia really needed a mint. But she had no mints around. The closest thing she had was peppermint tea. So she took some. Luckily it did the job well.
She received a week of detention. She decided not to go any of the days. She was called to the office. He asked why she didn't show up. She said she didn't care very flippantly.
There were two candidates for president, A and B. A wanted the government to grow and control everyone, but was polite. B wanted more free enterprise but told dirty jokes. A accused B of harassment based on the jokes he told. In the end the people saw A as the real threat and voted for B.
John was going on vacation. So he decided to pack his bags. He thought he had everything he needed. But he left without double checking. John forgot his plane tickets.
Sam walked into class. He sat at his desk. Sam realized he forgot his pencil. He was new so he didn't know who to ask for one. The sweet boy behind him gave Sam his extra pencil.
Kate played zombie games on the Xbox. She played everyday for 3 hours. But the game was stressful. And sometimes people were mean. She realized it was time to quit playing the game all together.
Megan loves chocolate strawberries. She decided to try to make them herself. She bought the strawberries and chocolate. She melted the chocolate and dipped the fruit. They turned out great.
Dan was having a birthday party at his house this weekend. Dan decided the theme would be dancing. Dan informed guess that there would be a soul train line dance. In addition, Dan wanted the guest to wear cute dance costumes. Dan could not wait to have fun with his guests at his dance party.
Kate's car was making a noise. She took it to her mechanic. The mechanic said it needed a new transmission. Kate said she couldn't afford that. She had to start riding her bike to work.
Fred has a fever. He was not able to go to work. He had to call out. His work boss was angry. He got fired.
Tim was a kid that loved professional wrestling. He was young enough to think it was still real. One day a very scary storyline popped up. Tim was convinced it was authentic was was really scared. His parents had to explain reality to him.
Mortimer raised a kennel of puppies to sell. The neighbor complained about the smell. The policeman checked Mortimer's permits. Mortimer's permits where in order. Mortimer refused to do anything to address the problem.
Simon liked watching the big kids skateboard. He asked his parents to buy him a skateboard for his birthday. Simon's parent's thought skateboards were dangerous. For his birthday, they bought him a Razor scooter. When Simon unwrapped his present, he cried.
Anna had a helium balloon. She put it up to her mouth and inhaled. Then she started talking. She laughed at her silly-sounding voice! Anna had a great time with her helium balloon.
Last night I decided to mow the lawn. I'm lucky to have a riding lawn mower because our yard is large. I try to be efficient and zip along on my mower. Suddenly, I saw a movement in the grass. It was a black snake, so I halted the mower and let it slither away.
Karim got rear ended while driving home from work. He didn't get the insurance information from the other driver. He worried that the other driver might not have insurance. Karim contacted his insurance company to find out about repairs. They said the other driver had insurance to Karim's great relief.
Ally already needed to go to the hardware store for a faucet. When her hallway light stopped working, she added it to the list. The morning she was planning on shopping, her shower head broke. Ally went to the hardware store to pick up everything on her list. She felt satisfied knowing that she had an excuse to buy new stuff.
Sarah steps into the airplane. She takes her seat next to the window. The airplane takes off into the sky. Sarah looks out of the window to see the clouds. She arrives at her destination two hours later.
Jake was playing in the art room. His parents weren't paying attention. Jake spilled paint all over the place. He ruined several pieces. Jake was reprimanded by his parents.
Eleanor was dancing at her aunt's wedding. Suddenly she bumped into a vase which fell and shattered. She decided to be upfront and honest. Her aunt was so blissfully wed that she didn't even mind. Eleanor was glad she didn't try to hide the vase.
Karen was very hungry. Karen decided to make a sandwich. She gathered up all the ingredients. Karen ate the sandwich. Karen was very satisfied and full.
Tim hated generic coffee chains. He got all his coffee from a small local shop. Eventually the shop shut down. Tim was never able to find coffee as good again. He decided to just stop drinking it completely.
Tim went fishing with friends. Everyone was catching fish except for him. He tried different things to no avail. His friends made fun of him. Tim didn't get a single bite the whole time.
My wife bought a fitbit. She got it new  from ebay. It came opened and had a chip in it. It did not work. She is going to return it.
A group of students created their own club. They called themselves the Tiger Club. The first act of the Tiger Club was to elect a president. They all wrote down their votes on paper and handed it in. Hank got the most votes and was elected the leader.
Phil was making a lot of money online. Other people in the community were jealous. They tried to call him out. Phil decided to stop being in the community. He's been happy since.
Every year I go to the beach town of Manistee with friends. We do a different special activity each visit. This year we rented a sailboat. I am horrible at sailing. I won't join them if we sail again next year.
Jim went to see his daughter's school play. He sat in the auditorium with the other parents. When the lights dimmed, he watched eagerly. Soon he saw his little girl playing her role. He was so moved, he nearly cried!
Once, there was a little girl with a pet rabbit. Her rabbit was pretty with brown fur and big eyes. One day, the rabbit started getting very fat. The girl was worried about the rabbit, and so she took it to the vet. The vet found out the rabbit wasn't fat, it was pregnant!
Marcus was riding a horse on the Mongolian steppe. He saw a yurt in the distance. He wandered inside, and a man was having sex with his wife. Marcus apologized and tried to leave. The man instead asked if he would like to join.
Marcia was watching her little brother Jon play soccer in the park. Jon tripped and fell on the grass. He got up and limped across the field. Marcia placed her arm around Jon. She nursed Jon's bruised leg.
Bob was driving, and decided to take the roundabout that day. Bob had never driven on the roundabout, or traffic circle before. He wasn't sure where to exit so he kept driving. He wasn't sure where to exit so he kept driving. He drove around for two hours before figuring out how to exit.
Nina was afraid of moths. One night there was a big moth in her room. Nina screamed and ran outside! She made her dad go in and shoo the moth out the window. Only then would she return to her room.
Keyan had studied for his road test for weeks. On test day, he was very nervous. He did his best on the test. At the end, the instructor turned to Keyan and smiled. Then he congratulated Keyan and said he'd passed the test!
Kya was trying to start a campfire. She wanted to impress her kids. But she could not get the fire going! In the end, she had to resort to charcoal and lighter fluid. But Kya's kids were still impressed!
Jeff loved ice cream. He ate it every night. He got really fat. Jeff couldn't get a girlfriend. He stopped eating ice cream and got a hot girlfriend!
Jake has always been afraid of clowns. His son wanted a clown for his birthday party. Jake was hesitant. He hired a clown at his son's suggestion. Jake got over his fear.
John needed to earn some extra money fast. He put fliers in the neighbors mailboxes offering to mow their lawns. He didn't realize how many people would hire him. He mowed twelve lawns in one week. He did so well he kept his business going all summer.
Beth decided to go on a blind date. It wasn't her thing but he hadn't had much luck lately. She arrived to dinner at 8pm. She waited 15 minutes until her date finally showed. Her date was rude the whole night and Beth swore off Blind dates.
John thought he smelled something funny. When his wife Got home she agreed. Sure enough there was a gas leak. The gas company came out to fix it. Their fears were resolved and the smell was gone.
Tim has always wanted a motorcycle. He is finally able to afford one. But then he finds out that his daughter needs braces. Tim sacrifices his bike so that his daughter can have the braces, She will never know about the sacrifice that he made for her.
Rihanna sat in class. She got up and went to the bathroom. When she came back she sat down. She noticed her pen was missing. She didn't want to accuse so she pulled out a new one.
A group of factory workers decided to go on strike. They drew up a list of their demands and presented it to management. Then they walked off the job. Management replaced most of them with robots. The remaining jobs, they offshored to China.
Joe would always forget to pay his parking tickets. Joe had about 4 parking tickets that he had to pay. Joe thought that he could just wait to pay his tickets. One day Joe parked on the street where a street sweeper went by. Joe had so many unpaid tickets that his BMW got towed away.
A strange woman came into the classroom. Everyone became concerned when she yelled at us. She gave us a difficult reading assignment without any help. When Paul asked Kim for a pencil, the teacher got up. She handed referrals to both of them.
Molly had an important exam coming up. However, she hadn't studied! She stayed up all night trying to study as hard as she could. She drank coffee to stay awake, but it turned out not to be enough. Molly wound up passing out and not making it to the exam at all.
Ash grabbed the mic and opened his mouth as wide as he could. He wailed into it like he'd seen the stars on TV do. All his friends clapped their hands together and whistled. They cheered him on so he kept singing. Later Ash found out they all were laughing at how bad he was.
Marcy wanted to find a present to give her artsy dad for Father's Day. Suddenly, she realized what the perfect present would be. She quickly made the arrangements and snuck the gift into the house. Dad turned around in surprise as she walked in, holding an instrument. "Wow, thank you for the guitar, Marcy, that's just what I wanted!"
Beth had a huge interview. As she was driving she spilled coffee on her white shirt. She did not have time to change. Beth went in her interview with a stained shirt and laughed it off. She still got the job.
Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own. His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one. On his 7th birthday, his parents took him to the animal shelter. He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy. He got to take it home with him that very day.
One day Ben was at the fair with his friends. They were having a good time there. One of ben's friends told him to play a game. Ben decided to give it a try. He shot the ball through the hook and won a bear for his friend.
Amelia wanted to be friends with Kiku. She decided to give him a handmade gift to show him how she felt. She worked very hard on a pair of matching friendship bracelets. When she went to give one to Kiku, he gave her one in return. They had both wanted to be friends with each other!
Jenny wanted to be a dentist. The high stress and competition wears on her. Jenny gets depressed as she's not doing the best she can. The stress wears on her too much and she drops out. Now Jenny is a waitress.
Jane was eating lunch. Her cat kept looking at her. She wondered why. She decided it was probably hungry. She gave it some cat food.
Every single workday, Tom passed a flower shop. The man decided one day that he wanted to surprise his wife. He stopped by the shop and picked up some roses. Little did he know, his wife was allergic to his gift. She spent the evening thanking him and sneezing!
Tom entered a local competition. The first prize was a free vacation. Tom never expected to win. His expectations were right. He didn't win any of the prizes.
Ken loved the mountains and exploring. He liked going to old caves and looking for nice rocks. He would often find gems or interesting crystals. Ken loved collecting them. Eventually he had two briefcases full of them.
Finch has been an outcast in high school. People think he's off balance. A small girl named Ella is intrigued by him. She sees a lot of herself that she's afraid to show. The two became best friends.
I played four games of speed chess with my friend Rick last week. Rick turned me onto chess in 1993. I won all four games. Rick said he had enough punishment for the night. I said I was lucky that night.
Ken was at the gas station filling up his truck. His friend Tony was also at the gas station. While they were getting gas another guy tried to start a fight. Ken didn't know the guy but Tony did. Luckily Ken was able to talk the man out of fighting and the man left.
Tom wanted to save money. He went to a cheap salon to get his hair done. They wound up messing up his hair. He had to go to a more expensive salon to get it fixed. Tom wound up wasting more money.
I used to perform a nightly ritual before bedtime. I would have a cup of tea and read a book in bed. But, I would always have to get up again to use the bathroom. Eventually I realized that I could not drink so much right before bed. Nowadays, I stop drinking about an hour before bedtime.
Susie went to visit her grandmother. Her grandmother's birthday was a week ago. She brought her a present a present and a cake. She sang happy birthday to her. It was a nice visit.
Paul made a sandwich. As he was about to eat, he had a knock on the door. Paul put his sandwich on the coffee table. He forgot his dog was roaming free. When Paul came back, his dog had eaten his sandwich.
I approached my college's running trail. But the gate was closed. I decided to find another way onto the trail. And at the top, there was a great view of the city and mountains. I was glad that security didn't catch me too.
My professor gave us lots of homework to do. I had to write a five page report. I decided I would do it after dinner. After dinner, I fell asleep. I woke up and decided to stay home from school to avoid failure.
Martin had already warned his son about electronics after 8 pm. So when Martin found him with a tablet after 10, he was angry. Martin grounded his son for two weeks. Even though his wife complained about it, Martin didn't care. Martin's son learned his lesson, not to get caught with electronics.
Bob works long hours to make money. Bob misses his family Bob gets sick from the stress of his job Bob quits his job. Bob feels better because he gets to spend more time with his family.
I bought a bottle of pomegranate juice. There is a coffee shop in the bookstore. I was in there once. I was told not to drink the milk for free. That is why I bought something.
Brad was a band director. He worked with his band to help them get ready for a big concert. He encouraged the kids to practice as much as they could. Finally, the day of the concert arrived. Their hard work showed in their great performance.
The woman had always wanted to go to the Netherlands. She went in the spring time to see the tulips in bloom. It was the most magical time to go! She took dozens of pictures of the beautiful flowers. She was happy that her dream had finally come true.
Kevin had been at the orphanage for all his six years. It was almost his sixth Thanksgiving there. He tried to be thankful, but he wanted a family. Then right before their yearly holiday dinner, he got news. A kind family had decided to adopt him!
Kia dropped her TV remote by mistake one day. It broke apart on the floor! Kia could not fix it. She had to call the cable company for a new one. They brought her a remote and charged her $40!
Ray's car was making a weird noise. He took it into the repair shop. There, the mechanic examined it. He said Ray needed a new alternator. Ray spent $500 to get his car repaired.
The space man floated out of the shuttle to the antenna. He dropped his tool on the way over. The astronaut signaled to his commander to retrieve it. The commander grabbed it and threw it back. The spaceman missed the catch and it smashed into his helmet.
Terry was walking to his job. While walking he slips on a banana peel. Terry needs assistance getting up. But no one is there to help him get up. Terry just lays on the ground hoping his bad luck ends soon.
My family told me to cook dinner Friday night. The recipes in the cookbook all confused me. I made chicken, rice, and carrots. Everyone loved the food. I guess I'm a great chef!
Sal saw a sign that said Lost Cat. Then she saw the cat itself! She coaxed it to her. Then she put it in her car. She drove it to the owners, who happily welcomed it.
Ben fought for the British in the War of 1812. He fought in a disastrous battle, his entire regiment was killed. He was the only survivor. They gave him a medal for bravery afterward. But the truth was that he hid in an outhouse the entire time.
Lewy awoke one snowy morning with an empty tummy. He decided to make some cookies with his mom. They had a blast with a mess every where. The aroma filled the house and soon it was time to taste. The best gingerbread man cookies ever said mother smiling.
I used to have a crush on a girl named Lucy. This was way back when I was in high school. She had brown hair and was fair skinned. I used to write love letters when I got home about her. I never sent them to her because I was too scared.
Ella loved stargazing. For her birthday her dad got her a great gift. He told her it was a stellar present. She smiled as she opened the envelope. She saw that her dad had named a star for her!
Justin's teacher had given them a genealogy project. He was very interested in the project. Justin traced his family tree back several generations. His teacher was impressed with how thorough his research was. Justin got an A on his project.
Alex struggled in high school. She was frustrated and wanted to quit. Her family encouraged her to finish and get a diploma. With the support of her family she did as they suggested. She finally graduated.
Dan wrote a poem for the first time. He was afraid no one would like it so he hid it. His mother found the poem. She thought it was beautiful. After than Dan always showed off his poetry.
Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom. The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone. He spent five years alone in the wilderness and wrote many novels. His novels were published upon his return and he was called a genius. He donated all his money back to charity and everyone was happy.
Ann got up in the middle of the night feeling hungry. She decided to reheat some leftover pizza. She put it in the microwave and watched. She closed her eyes, and once she opened them the oven was smoking. Ann decided to always use the timer feature in the future.
Cathy felt bad that she does not know how to swim. Cathy decided that she would sign up for swim lessons. Cathy researched and saw classes offered at her local gym. Cathy was not sure what to expect from the swim class. Cathy was very nervous, yet excited to learn how to swim.
Tom worked in the legal department at a large corporation. Tom disliked his coworkers as they were negative people. He asked his boss to allow him to change departments. His boss allowed him to move to accounting or stay in legal. Tom happily moved to accounting and found he new colleagues pleasant.
Judy is a middle aged woman. Judy has been invited to a friends wedding. Judy looks through her closet to find something to wear. She can't find anything. She decides to go to the store and buy a new dress for the wedding.
Alicia had her first gymnastics competition. She was rather nervous. As she went on the balance beam she started shifting. She lost her balance and fell off. She ended up spraining her ankle
The kids rode their bikes to the pool. They spread their towels out and then jumped in. They went down the water slide ten times. They swam until it was time for dinner. The kids peddled home.
The baby crawled. The mother couldn't find it for a second. She yelled out for the baby. Then she realized the baby would not respond. That became one of her favorite stories.
Steven was a senior in High School. He had an issue with where two of his classes were located. One was on the second story and the one after was on the other side. He would have to rush everyday to try to make it to the next class. Finally he asked the principal to change which period each class was.
Grandpa bought a new boat. He had plans of taking his grandkids out on the lake. He bought them all lifejackets. One gorgeous Saturday he got the family together. They all went out on the lake and had a blast.
Tom was at the office signing papers. All of a sudden he noticed his hands were blue. There was blue ink everywhere. The pen he had been using was leaking. Tom threw the pen away and tried to wash himself.
Linda fell in love with a tall dark stranger in town. Though practically strangers, she invited the man to move in. One day, Linda left her new man a note to pick her up after work. When he didn't arrive, Linda was furious. She didn't know that the dark stranger couldn't read.
The coach blew the whistle. The team did not stop. He yelled at the kids. The kids would not stop. He quit his job as coach.
George was on his laptop. Suddenly, he bumped a cup and spilled water on the computer. The computer shut off and George tried to fix it. Soon, he could tell that it was definitely dead. That meant that all of his photos on the computer were lost.
Pink the Pink Gin was obtained through an evening of play. Caleb wanted to use a special claw machine, one that was known to work. He tried only one time to reach the square pink penguin. He grabbed it with the claw, and squealed with excitement. He took it home with him that night, happy he had won a prize.
Two cars pulled into the parking lot at the same time. They both wanted the only open spot. They stared each other down. One finally made the movie. The car zoomed into the space and secured it.
I used to lifeguard at the top of the slide. It was required to have a float. Some people didn't know that. Sometimes people would be too fast. They went without a float.
I decided to make fried chicken again for dinner. I got the chicken out of the freezer and let it thaw. Then I put it in my frying pan with just a little oil. The first side got browned so I turned it over to cook the other side. Then I put it on a plate with some potatoes and ate my dinner.
Allie loved fish. She decided to make her own. She got some materials. She started frying it. It was delicious.
When Mark was in college, he began to date a deaf girl. They had meet as part of a volunteer project to pick up trash. He was fascinated by the silent, yet rich, world she lived in. He began taking sign language classes so they could communicate more. He'd never forgot all the things he learned from her.
Smith was always a great archer. He ended up entering a local field archery tournament. He needed one more bulls eye to win the tournament. He managed to hit the last bulls eye and won the tournament. He was awarded with a gold medal.
The family loved eating popcorn. They went to a movie and got a giant bucket of it. They ate it all and had to get a refill. They were so stuffed with popcorn that they couldn't eat anything else. They had greasy fingers from all the butter.
Laurie contacted me on Facebook. I found out she was my daughter. I had given her up for adoption when she was born. We talked for hours and hours. I went through all her facebook photos.
Joe had neck pain. He was playing sports all day. It was unbearable. His mother said to take aspirin. After that he felt much better.
Louis put on his fins, mask and snorkel. He hopped off the boat into the crystal clear water. The first thing he noticed were brightly colored fish. It was beautiful under the water. When he thought he'd seen everything a big turtle floated past.
Howard was easily persuaded. He was convinced by his friends to try out heroin. He felt better than he ever did from the hit. He ended up getting addicted. He overdosed the third time he did it.
A puppy wandered up to the house. It was black and brown. I brought in the house and gave it a bath. It had no collar. It is now part of my family.
Brian took his dog for a walk. Brian's dog enjoyed sniffing the grass. His dog accidentally ate a bee. The bee stung Brian's dog in the mouth. Brian had to take his dog back home with a swollen mouth.
Troy had been practicing hard for an upcoming tennis match. The day of the match had finally come. Troy was very nervous going into the match. He wound up playing the best game of his life! Troy dominated the match and went out for a celebration after!
My brother and I screamed. A vine came out in front of my character. It was in a dark corridor. I was walking to my objective. This was on a video game.
Over the weekend it rained for 3 hours. The water went over the river banks. It flooded over the highway. Cars were stuck in the water. 3 days later the water went away.
Janson was always a very healthy man. But one day he began to experience a lot of testicular pain. He tried to use an ice pack for a few days but it wasn't helping. So he finally went to the Doctor who ordered some tests. Tests revealed that he had testicular cancer.
Tom's dad passed away recently. He didn't want other kids to pick on him. He tried to hide it at school. One day he couldn't hold back and broke down crying. All the other kids made fun of him.
My brother owns a guitar. He plays it frequently. I asked him to teach me to play. He told me that he would. I learned to play a few songs.
Louis was drunk that night when he was watching TV. When an infomercial started he was unusually interested. He sat straight on the couch and watched it all for thirty minutes. He sobered up the next day and forgot about it. A week later, he received lady face products in the mail.
Alicia was sitting in her apartment by herself. All of the sudden her friends told her they were downstairs. Alicia was frantic. She didn't know what to do because she had not cleaned up. She quickly had to put stuff together and she was nervous.
Reese was engaged to Javier. Javier was in the army and had to move far away. Reese wanted to go with him so they had to get married quickly. They planned their wedding in three days. The day after the ceremony they both moved to Javier's new location.
Kate bought cheap sunglasses for her niece and nephew. The kids loved them right away. They wore the sunglasses all day long. Even though there was no sun. They loved them so much, they slept in them that night.
The two young brothers wanted to play chess. They did not know the rules so they made them up. They called their new game Monkey Chess. The first winner of Monkey Chess was the older brother. The younger brother asked for another game and he agreed.
Kev wanted to race. She built a race car from the ground up. She practiced with it on the muddy hills behind her home. Then she entered it into the hometown race. Kev raced like a superstar and scored third place!
Pearl loved the change of seasons. Fall was her favorite! She loved to stomp in the leaves. She also loved cozy nights and cool days. Pearl couldn't wait for October!
I used to wash my car every weekend. Unfortunately, little incidents can cause us to change our habits. I had a little accident and caused a small dent in my car one day. This upset me greatly as I loved my car very much. In fact, it upset me so much that I stopped washing my car.
Milton was dancing the night away with his girl at the club. A man approached Milton's girl and started to flirt. Milton got upset and shoved the man. Milton was asked to leave the club. Milton refused to leave so security kicked him out.
The little boy waited patiently for Easter to get here. He went to the store with his mother and bought eggs and dye. He got home with his mother and they prepared the eggs for Easter. He woke up on Easter Sunday and was so excited to hunt the eggs. He hunted the eggs over and over and was very happy.
I wanted to show my workers I appreciated them. I sent out to get fruit baskets for everyone. They were supposed to arrive on Monday. They didn't arrive until Wednesday and the fruit was rotting. My employees thought it was a cruel prank.
Kate loved chocolate. So she bought three bar of them from the market. When she got home, she took the chocolate to her desk. And he began to eat it. It was some of the best chocolate she ever had.
The Johnson family had an over abundance of unused things. They decided it was time for a rummage sale. The family gathered all the extra belongings they no longer wanted. They set up their sale and had over one hundred people come. They sold most of their extra things and made over $500.
Jim was checking his mail. He received a bill in his mail. He had never been to the place that sent the bill. Jim called the business. He realized someone stole his identity.
Polly buried a margarine tub full of treasures in her backyard. Years later, her family decided to move away. Polly decided to unearth her nearly forgotten treasure box. But it wasn't nearly as easy to find as she expected! She had to dig twelve holes, but she finally found her precious items!
Sam was a guitar player. He had an antique guitar. He decided to pass it down to his son. His son was grateful. His son became a guitar player.
Jerry and Amanda were spending the day at the beach. Out of nowhere a clap of thunder was heard. Jerry looked at the sky and it had suddenly turned menacing. Jerry and Amanda grabbed their belongings and ran towards the car. Just as they got into the car, a torrent of rain and lightning began.
Lynn favorite cousin was staying over. Her cousin was tall and pretty. Lynn wanted to be just like her cousin. She copied everything her cousin did or said. Eventually Lynn learned it was better to just be herself.
Kim was trying to teach her two year old to walk. He would take a few steps then fall down. One day she left a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on the couch. She accidentally lost sight of the child. She found that the child had walked to get the sandwich.
Kevin wanted to get his mom a new phone. So he went too the phone store. Found a nice phone for a good price. Gave it too her mom. She enjoyed it.
On June 13th, my wife and I visited Sara and her son Frank. We live down the hall from each other in a high rise in Cambridge. Frank was turning five, and we brought over a present. He is a Star Wars fan, so we bought him a Lego set featuring R2D2. He was very happy to get the present, and spent an hour building it.
Laura wanted to get lunch with me on her break. I asked where she wanted to go and she said Subway. We walked a few blocks over to the local Subway store. She ordered a veggie sub and I didn't get anything. After that she told me she enjoyed her lunch a lot.
Three friends went to the movies. When they went to look for seats, there weren't enough. Only two people could sit together. One friend volunteered to sit alone. He made good friends with the person sitting next to him.
David was taking his first flight. He was a little nervous about it. Right after take off, they hit a lot of turbulence. David was so scared! They landed safely and he decided to drive from now on.
Jim broke a branch while climbing up the tree. His girlfriend scolded him for harming the tree. He said it would be fine. She started crying. He knew this wasn't about a tree anymore.
Anne says she has been spending too much on groceries. I suggested she should only buy things on sale and use coupons. I brought over a lot of newspapers and magazines. We spent all afternoon clipping coupons. Anne wants me to help her clip coupons every week for now on.
Garrett was having lunch with his friends. His friends had picked the restaurant. Garrett had never been to the restaurant. Garrett thought the food at the restaurant was awful. He never returned to the restaurant again.
Javier loved to make and save money. He was a hard worker and invested his income. At the age of 30 he owned two houses. Over the years he acquired another home. When his 3 children became adults he gave them each a house.
Sue made herself a hamburger. She sat down on the couch and took a few bites. She ran upstairs to grab her phone. When she came back, her hamburger was gone. Her dog had eaten it off the plate.
Tom wanted some new furniture. A local store was having a big labor day sale. Tom went to find some stuff. He was able to get a few pieces at decent prices. It really changed the look of his place.
Little James was terrified of octopuses. He liked sea animals in general, but the octopus terrified him. His mother, resolved to fix this, took him to an aquarium. An octopus drifted right in front of him, and James froze. But as he looked, he became fascinated and lost all fear.
Jim decided that smoking wasn't good for his health. He tried using the patch. He still wanted to smoke. Jim decided he should try something else. He took up yoga which seemed to help.
Adam went to study in England for a semester. His host family drank tea constantly. Adam had never even tried tea, but he decided to sample it. To his surprise, he ended up enjoying it! Adam started having tea with his host family often.
I was asked to watch my brother's children. I did not know what I should do. I found some board games in the attic. We played them for hours. The night ended up being amazing and filled with laughs.
I turned left down the street to my house. In the middle of the road was a puppy. The puppy looked injured. I picked him up and saw that his leg was broken. I took the puppy to the vet so they could help him.
Ellen had read a good book. The book had been turned into a movie. The movie didn't follow the book closely. Ellen watched the movie. She was disappointed in the film.
I woke up in the middle of the night. I was only 4 years old. I tiptoed into the living room. I was excited when I saw Santa had been there. I ran to wake everyone up at 3 am to tell them.
It was Christmas morning! I rushed downstairs to open my present. It was a Playstation. I got angry because I wanted an Xbox. My parents grounded me for getting angry.
I went back to St Jude to visit the son of a friend last year. He had been diagnosed with cancer like Adam's. I walked down to the memorial area. I looked through the stones until I found Adam's. I sat there and cried for a while.
My lawn mower stopped working. I watched videos on YouTube to learn how to repair it. I replaced the spark plug by following a video. It worked for 10 minutes and then stopped again. I finally gave up and took it to be professionally repaired.
Alicia found out she was getting a new babysitter. Alicia was not happy. This was her tenth sitter. So Alicia decided she would pull pranks on her to get her to leave. But it did not work because the sitter was not buying the antics.
Leo wished he could play tennis every day. But it was inconvenient to drive to a tennis court so often. So he played tennis by hitting the ball against his garage door. And it satisfied his tennis urge. But after breaking a window Leo decided to use a regular tennis court.
My cats chewed through my headphone cords. I decided to buy new headphones. I went to the store and looked all around. None of the headphones suited me. I went home empty handed because I was too selective.
Today I took my daughter to the gym. She decided she wanted to run on the treadmill. She started off great but quickly began to have problems. She tripped over her loose shoelace. She decided not to try the treadmill again.
I had begun planning for my retirement already. I decided it would be a good idea to start saving. I drove over to my local Etrade office. They set me up with a new account. I was surprised how simple it was.
Oscar wanted to build more muscle. But he couldn't afford a gym membership. So he searched for exercises that didn't require equipment. And he developed his own exercise routine. Without any equipment, Oscar was able to build the muscle he wanted.
Lulu wanted to go rock climbing. She only liked climbing indoors. She went to an indoor facility. When she went she had fun. The only problem was she lost balance many times.
Lori wanted to play a sport and act in a play. Both activities took place at the same time. She was torn between which to choose. Eventually she decided to act in a play. At least then people might watch her.
I was on a tour inside the forest with Maddie. We came across a lake and eventually more bushes. After we stopped, she felt something crawling onto her leg. When she noticed that it was a snake, she freaked out. She immediately ran away.
The friends gathered for a party to celebrate the New Year. One friend brought a very expensive bottle of champagne. He opened it exactly as the new year began. The cork from the bottle shot off and hit the host in her left breast. The friend felt bad and offered her the first glass as compensation.
The gardeners placed a plant in their front yard. Grasshoppers crawled into the plants the next day. They grew in size as time went by. Eventually, the grasshoppers went into the gardener's' house. They felt threatened by them.
Pat's favorite thing to do was ride horses. One day, a temperamental horse threw her and she injured her back. She took a while to recuperate but eventually got better. Finally she was able to start riding again. She was a little nervous at first but soon regained her confidence.
There were two students in the fourth grade class. They decided to become each other's best friends. They then tested their friendship over a game of handball. One of them defeated the other 10 to 4. After the game they decided they were still friends.
My phone always rings when we sit down for dinner. Tonight it did the same. I answered the phone and it was a telemarketer. I tried to be polite and tell them I wasn't interested. They hung up on me.
Amy and Jon wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together. They scheduled a babysitter for their twins. They made reservations for a nice restaurant. They got dressed and ready to go out. One of the kids threw up so they had to stay home.
I worked in a small office in 1976. Everyone was Irish, while I am Chinese. I asked the prettiest girl out to the Christmas party. To my surprise she agreed. I was very excited and happy.
It was 105 degrees Fahrenheit. But Joe and his football team were still forced to practice. After about a half hour, Joe began feeling light headed. But he was too scared to ask for a break. Just before practice was about to end, Joe was rushed to the hospital.
Thomas hated to sounds of cicadas in the summer. He went to buy a bug zapper to hopefully silence them. He set out the bug zapper before going to sleep. The cicadas didn't fall for it. Thomas opted to buy some earplugs instead.
Jerry loved candy. Jerry took a bite of some hard candy. Jerry broke a tooth, which was painful. Jerry needed relief. Jerry went to the dentist office to cure his toothache.
Herb had finally allowed his children to get a puppy. But the puppy loved to chew Herb's shoes. The puppy also loved to steal Herb's food. But the puppy was so cute. Herb loved him and didn't regret getting him.
I did not believe Tracy was a real character. I checked the internet and could not find him. I visited book stores and they never heard of him. I put together a focus group and they said check with AMAZON. I called AMAZON and learned Tracy E Warren is a real character.
Michel went to the hair salon. He wanted his hair to look like Tom Cruise. The barber cut his hair for two hours. Michel went home to his parents house. His mom thought he looked like Tom Cruise.
Wendy woke up one day feeling very hungry. She got up from her bed. Into the kitchen she walked. She made herself some scrambled eggs. Wendy's hunger is now gone.
Sally had four kids that were involved in many different activities. The three older ones were gone most days after school doing sports. She talked to the kids about choosing something they could all do. They tried a kids karate class one evening. They all loved it and began taking classes together.
The kids loved playing on the playground. The monkey bars were their favorite. They would go back and forth on them. They did it so much, their hands started hurting. They were relieved when recess was over so their hands got a break.
Amanda needed a job. She went online and filled out applications. One company she applied for called her. She set up an interview for the next day. Amanda passed the interview and got the job.
Ryan got stuck between the monkey bars on the playground. His older brother did not know what to do. His older brother called the police. By the time the police came, Ryan broke free. The police officers laughed about the whole situation.
Kate and her mother were chasing a strange cat in their home. The cat was quick and kept getting away. They used the broom to steer it to the door. Her mother hit it with the broom. Finally the cat ran out the door and down the block.
Libby loves to go swimming at the beach. As she gets ready to go, she feels like she is forgetting something. She decides to leave anyway, and drives to the beach. After swimming for about an hour, she goes to find her towel. Her towel is nowhere to be found, and now she knows what she forgot!
Dan was in great shape. He worked out every day and watched what he ate. He lifted heavier and heavier weights. Soon, his muscles were popping out of his shirt. Dan's physique impressed everyone around him.
Richard was surfing at the beach. He had parked his car in the sand. When he came back to his car, it was covered in white spots. Seagulls had pooped all over his car! Richard took his car through the car wash afterwards.
Tom wanted to get married. Tom was gay. Tom was unable to get married. Tom was upset. Tom became depressed.
I asked my cousin if she was doing anything today. She said no and wanted to meet up at the coffee shop. When I came, she wasn't there. After a few minutes, I logged on into my social media accounts. She took several pictures at the club, 10 minutes ago.
Leo had a strong hatred of birds. It stemmed from his brother once throwing seed at him in the park. The pigeons swarmed all around Leo. He was only young at the time so felt very scared. To this day, he doesn't let his brother forget the phobia he caused.
When Ann's favorite uncle went to a nursing home, she visited weekly. One day, Ann's uncle didn't recognize her. She felt sad and stopped visiting regularly. Then Ann got a call from the nursing home. A woman said her uncle kept asking to see his little darling.
Susie was waiting for her husband to get home. He had been working late. She called him and no answer. Later she got a phone call. It was the police telling her her husband died in an accident.
There was a twister warning in my town. I've never experienced a twister. I had no idea what to do. It was a little scary. Thank god it never hit the ground.
I began to cook a meal for fifteen people. I started by putting a turkey in the oven. After that, I washed and chopped all of the vegetables. Then, the potatoes went in the pan to boil. Finally, I sat and waited for the cooking timer to go off.
Tom was working. It was a slow day with little to do. Tom decided to clean up a bit. His boss liked Tom's initiative. He gave him a minor compliment.
Cody was excited to see his friends that afternoon. He was turning 9 and having a birthday party. They were going swimming at the pool. All of his friends came and brought gifts. When the party was over, he handed out goodie bags.
Tanya had heated a pot of soup. She was pouring soup into a bowl. Tanya spilled some of the soup on her arm. She quickly ran water over her arm. The burn on Tanya's arm wasn't that bad.
Lucy had been snoring in church. She awoke to an upset grandmother. Her grandmother gathered Lucy, and her things and walked to the door. Lucy thought they were going home. Her grandmother opened a door to a room full of children and books.
June hated eggs. She they were a good source of protein though. She decided to try them in an omelette form. She added all types of vegetables to the omelette. June snow likes eggs as an omelette.
Hannah decided as a joke to post a Christmas wish online. Her wish was for Santa to bring her a boyfriend. On Christmas day a guy she liked from months ago contacted her. He wanted a second chance at going out on a date. She said yes and by the time New Year's day came they were official.
Jamie was excited about his new aquarium and fish. He was careful to feed the fish only the amount recommended. But it seemed as if his fish was getting fatter every day. Jamie was sure the fish was going to die from overfeeding. The next day, the tank was full of babies and one slim mama fish.
Roberta heard a crack of thunder. Her house shook. The electricity went off. Roberta lit a candle so she could see in the dark. The power came back on after the storm passed on by.
Zoey was an aspiring animator. She had just completed her very first project. She submitted it to her boss hoping that it would be put to use. Luckily the boss loved the animation and selected it for a commercial. Zoey enjoyed her first big career milestone.
There was an African runner about to compete. His name was Abdul and he trained hard. Day and night for years. He entered into a race with 500 entrants. The race took place and Abdul didn't win.
Jim did not sleep well last night. His dog woke him up in the middle of the night. Jim also had to go into work early that morning. He tried drinking some coffee but he still felt tired. Jim took a nap.
Grace bought a pet cat on Thursday. She took the cat home and she instantly had a connection with it. When she came home the next day she was ecstatic to see her new cat. Grace ended up buying another cat for herself. Now the Grace is happy to have her two new pets at home.
There were 3 girls and only 2 boys at the park. The 3rd boy hadn't arrived. Lynn and one boy sat on the swings talking. Kim and the other were on the see saw. That left Amy as the odd man out.
Charlie's class was having a spelling b next month. The winner of the spelling b would win ice cream, Charlie wasn't good at spelling but he wanted that ice cream. Charlies studied hard with the help of his dad. Charlie was shocked and proud when he won.
I went to the pet store and saw a cute gecko there. I asked the shopkeeper the price of the gecko. He explained that it cost $100. I had to borrow money from my mom to buy him. Owing my mom money was worth it for my new gecko friend.
Nancy hates spiders. She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out. She screamed and ran away. It took all her courage to go back and kill it. But when she returned it was gone.
Lynn went shopping for the first time in months. Lynn was dismayed when she looked in the mirror. She had gone up two sizes, and nothing fit right. From that moment on, Lynn determined to get in shape and lose weight. She would return to the store in six months for new clothes.
Beth returned home from a party on afternoon. On her door there was a lizard. Beth didn't like lizards and didn't want to open the door. She decided she was being silly and opened the door. The lizard ran right through the crease of the door into her house.
Wanda's husband died on their daughter's first birthday. Every day was a struggle to make sure her child was provided for. Wanda met a widower one day while dropping off her child at daycare. They married, 5 years after her first husband's death. Wanda now feels that even tragedies in life happen for a reason.
Jane loved comedies. She laughed at almost anything. She was at a comedy at the theater. She started laughing uncontrollably. She couldn't stop for a solid five minutes.
Kate and her friend Liz were planning a trip. They weren't sure where they wanted to go. Jule had a friend who suggested they go to Las Vegas. Kate found a good deal on a luxury suite at a hotel on the strip. They decided Las Vegas was an excellent idea.
Sara bought a new dress. It is very sparkly and pretty. She bought it from a small boutique in town. They have the prettiest dresses there. You should visit the store sometime.
Lori wakes up late one morning for work. After she sees the time, Lori jumps out of bed to prepare for work. In her hurry, she forgets her phone at home. She barely makes it to the office on time, and she feels flustered. Lori resolves to always wake up on time in the future.
Brianna was a Freshman at Cal State Fullerton. A guy, who was a junior, asked her out on a date. Brianna didn't think she would have fun but said OK. The guy took her to get drunk and next to a Yankovic concert. Brianna had the time of her life partying to Weird Al Yankovic.
Mark sat in his car. He started the engine. He did not like the sound. The car did not start properly. He had to walk home.
Timmy is known for cooking great meals. I invited him to come over for a bar-b-que. He said he would be here at 5 pm. I got the grill ready anxious for Timmy to arrive. He cooked the best steaks I had ever tasted.
Dawn splashed in the gentle waves on the beach. She waded out to a sand bar to see what was over there. The tide was changing and with it the currents changed too. Before she knew it many jellyfish floated between her and the shore! She started crying until a stranger helped the little girl to safety.
Henry the clown wasn't a very good clown name. On the paper in front of Henry was a list of 20 names all crossed out. Despair was slowly settling over Henry. Inspiration suddenly descended upon Henry. Heckles was the perfect clown name for Henry.
I made a huge mistake the other day. While I was out jogging, I forgot to bring my phone. I got a little lost and did not know how to get back. I spent hours trying to get back home. Eventually I made it back home.
Neil was a freshman. On his first day of school, a senior taunted him. Then she shoved him into the lockers so hard he bruised! Neil wanted to cry, but he knew he had to be brave. He bit his lip and acted like he wasn't even hurt!
John and Jane had been dating for years. Jane knew she was going to marry him. John was nervous about popping the question. He finally bought a ring. He planned the proposal and she said yes.
Roger had a fluffy pet rabbit hopping around his floor. Delighted, he rolled and laughed. The bunny remained stoically twitching his whiskers. Roger felt a deep and awful crunch under his back as he rolled over. He jumped up only to break down, destroyed at what he had done.
Today I bought a new plant. The plant needs a lot of sunlight. I put the plant in the window. The area by the window was very cold. I had to move the plant away from the window to keep the plant warm.
Will needed money and in a big hurry. Will looked up the Craigslist gig ads for his area. Will saw someone needed help moving. Will spent the entire portion of the next day moving the lady. Will made an extra hundred bucks that day - just what he needed.
Roxy was always a great softball player. She threw the hardest, and caught seemingly impossible balls. But she had one weakness, she could never hit the ball. Until one day she found a bat in the woods. When she hit the ball, the bat split apart from water damage.
Cody is a security guard for a factory. Cody wore his new jacket during his shift. Cody's jacket is black and it was very dark outside. Another security guard mistook Cody for a thief. Now all the security guards must wear a bright band.
Rick decided that he wanted to start running. He started off by walking every other day. Before he got serious he order new running shoes. Soon he started using a heart rate monitor to improve his training. Within a couple of months Rick ran a race with a bunch of friends.
Sarah wanted to move up in her job. She made sure that she was always at work on time. She was helpful to her customers and was kind to her coworkers. Her boss noticed all of her efforts. Sarah was promoted to a higher position and received a large raise.
My son had always wanted a pet. I found two cats that needed a new home. We decided to bring them home. My son feeds them every morning. Being a pet owner makes him happy.
Susie wanted to go to the club. She invited her friend Tina to come. They go to the door. But the bouncer turned them away. The girls were so upset.
Tim had been alone for a while. His friends set him up on a blind date. Tim was nervous and awkward throughout. The date went horribly wrong. Tim remained single for a long time after.
Tina invited her friends to a candy tasting. The girls thought it would be a lot of fun. Tina took them to her favorite chocolate shop. They tasted about ten different chocolates. The girls ended up buying a lot of them.
Tom was buying something and used a coupon. The worker informed him that it was expired. Tom was visibly upset. The employee asked a manager if they could use it anyway. The manager agreed and Tom was happy.
The fair was in town last week. They had set up right in the middle of town. They had a lot of fun rides. They served some really yummy food too. I had so much fun!
Rainey had a severe preference in her color of yogurt tube. She always preferred blue yogurt, red would not do! Mama did not realize she only had red yogurt left until snack time. Thinking quickly, she grabbed some SpongeBob stickers from the drawer. Rainey did not notice Mama's cool SpongeBob Yogurt was red not blue.
Katie loved to watch the beautiful ice skaters. One skater became her favorite. Katie was thrilled when the skater made the Olympic team. She watched the skater's performance nervously. When her competitors skated, Katie prayed they would fall.
Lucian loved to shoot guns. One day he went to the shooting range. He brought two of his guns to shoot. He stopped shooting when he saw one missing. Somebody had stole Lucian's gun!
Jim taunted the wrong person and ended up dead. His girlfriend and family were shameless mooches. They created some Go Fund Me pages and asked for money. None of them had qualms about using Jim's death to grab it. They liked guilt-tripping people to get them to give money.
Norma loved climbing and had been focused on bouldering in particular. Bouldering is a form of rock climbing without a harness. The routes are short enough that with a padding one can drop down. One day she sprained her ankle badly by landing the wrong way. She was never able to trust herself to boulder well after the injury.
Liam landed the lead in the school play, Romeo and Juliet. He studied his lines, and practiced being Romeo. He invited his friends and family to come see him perform. On the night of the play, he gave a fantastic performance. At the end, the crowd gave him a standing ovation for a job well done.
Sean was trying to go to sleep. His ear was aching too badly. He went to his mom's room and let her know. She had him lay on the couch and put medicine in his ear. Luckily, he felt better soon and was able to sleep.
When my mom went to sleep, I walked into her room. I turned off her alarm clock since I didn't want to go to school. She woke me up the next day around school. She apologized to me for waking up late. I didn't reply since I was scared to get in trouble.
We were traveling through the city with an old guide book. At first we were able to find all the best places to visit. But then we overheard people talking about a Museum of modern art. When we checked the guidebook, it wasn't there. We then decided we needed a new guidebook.
Jon was learning a new act. He was going to do the trapeze in the circus. He practiced hard and perfected his moves. When it was time to perform, he was very nervous. He performed the routine flawlessly!
Ralph is on his way to the mountains. He is excited for his 3 day camping trip. When he reaches the campground he sees a sign. The sign tells him they are closed. Ralph goes home disappointed.
Sean always liked penguins. When he went to the zoo, he was amazed to see one in real life. He approached the glass and tapped it. The penguin waddled toward him awkwardly. And when Sean presented his hand, the penguin tapped the glass.
Easton had a very important test coming up. He studied very hard the night before. He did not go to bed until two in the morning. Easton overslept the next morning. He missed his test.
Lisa was in an unhappy marriage. One day, she decided that she would leave her husband. She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale. The house sold, and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay. Lisa was happy and felt that she made the right choice.
Ed wanted to be a filmmaker. He took his camera everywhere. He started filming a documentary about his life. Then he entered it into contests. It won a prize at an amateur film festival!
Larry put his lunch in the break room refrigerator today. The refrigerator was cleaned out every day after 8PM. Larry wasn't able to take his lunch today and was hungry at 8:30PM. Larry finally finished with work and went to grab his lunch. His lunch was gone as it had been thrown out earlier that night.
Susan was nervous about going to the company steak dinner. At the dinner, she was seated across from the branch manager. Susan took a bite of her steak and felt a tooth break. She looked up and saw the manager's face. Susan could only think to swallow the shard of tooth.
Martha arrived home from the store. She realized that her husband had left the door locked. She had no key, and was locked out. She decided to call the landlord. Soon, he came and let Martha inside.
Every year on the Fourth of July my family and I go to the Cape. We always have a blast. This past summer we went and saw the fireworks. The colors were beautiful. We always have fun on that holiday.
Uncle Bob suffered from ulcers caused by constant stress. He went to the doctor to see what the doctor could do. The doctor told him the best thing to do was to learn meditation. Uncle Bob did his best, but it was no use. He did find, though, that alcohol worked better, anyway.
A little boy didn't know what to be for Halloween. He found a very scary costume in the costume store. It was a goblin with big green ears. He wore that costume proudly. He won first prize in the costume competition.
Bill had a traffic ticket. He was allowed to do community service. He went to his church. He cleaned the floors and the bathrooms. He was glad to have it out of the way.
Craig's doctor's' office parking lot was full. He hated to use the multi parking next door but he had no choice. Parking in parking garages always made him nervous. Craig lost control and his ended up dangling mid air. Craig called 911 with his cellphone and waited to be rescued.
My niece recently got engaged. She is Chinese and her fiance is white. On Chinese New Year's Eve my brother cooked a Chinese meal. The fiance almost threw up after smelling the exotic dishes. My brother found this to be highly amusing.
Angela married the man of her dreams. Her new husband worked out of town a lot. His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple. Angela worked full time outside of the home. Because Angela's mother in law was sick she stayed home.
We have a very comfortable easy chair. We bought it so I could rest after I had a stroke. We have a cat who scratched the leather. We had to cover the chair. We will keep both the chair and the cat.
Phyllis loved to garden. Rabbits kept getting into her vegetables. They were also ruining her flowers. She finally found out how to stop them. Now she has all the vegetables she can eat!
John was walking to work as usual. However he was listening to headphones. He never listened to music on his walks before. Two different people stopped to offer him a ride. He had never been offered a ride before, he thanked the music.
Timothy and Katherine decided to make seasonal treats for Autumn. They both loved fruit so they decided to make candy apples. They went to the market to get all of the ingredients they needed. Once they returned home, they made the candy apples. The treats turned out delicious.
Jane had a friend who had a crush on her. She didn't think anything of it at first. Eventually he started acting weird. Jane felt he became obsessed with her. She asked him to stop hanging out.
Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park. Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks. Running over to them, they all ran away except for one. This one duck followed Lindsay around the pond for an hour. When leaving, Lindsay reached down to pet the duck, who bit her.
Clint is playing Frisbee with his friends. Clint tosses the Frisbee on top of the roof by accident. Clint climb the ladder to get the Frisbee. On the way down the ladder falls. Clint falls and breaks his leg.
Tucker is swimming with his friends in the public pool. Tucker is having a great time with his friends. His friends all decide to get out of the pool. Tucker is wondering why they all got out. When he looks around he sees that someone peed in the water.
I dropped my boyfriend off at the airport. He was going to Germany with his troop. On the way home, it started to snow heavily. I ended up pulling over on the side of the road. I was trapped in the storm.
Nicole's boyfriend booked a helicopter ride for the two of them. Nicole was scared to fly. Her boyfriend assured her she would be safe. Nicole decided to give the helicopter a try. She was proud of herself for facing her fears.
Jill got a new sled for Christmas. She couldn't wait to use it. January slipped by, then February without a flake of snow. Then finally in early March she awoke one morning to six inches! She spent the whole day breaking in her new sled.
Jason has been growing his hair out of Year's. His girlfriend and friends tell him to cut it. Finally he goes to a barber. The barber gives Jason a great haircut. Now Jason looks terrific.
Harry had always wanted to try practicing yoga. He started attending a local yoga studio. At first he was uncomfortable there. Gradually he began to enjoy it more. Harry was glad he was finally practicing yoga.
Every night Terri and her family debate what is for dinner that night. It seems as is if everyone is hungry but no one knows what they want. Tonight Terri created a new way to eliminate the endless debate. She placed the names of their favorite places on a paper in a bag. Now when they can not decide someone draws a name and that is dinner!
Gina and Mary were in detention together. They were texting each other secretly. They knew phones weren't allowed in detention. But it was so boring they didn't care. On their break the laughed because they outsmarted the teacher.
Kelli loved to eat twizzlers. They were her favorite kind of candy. Last night she went to the movies with a friend. She ordered twizzlers but they were the last bag. Kelli was relieved to get the last bag.
It was 90 degrees when Harold woke up. It got even hotter during the day. Harold stayed inside and drank cold lemonade. In the evening, he went for a short walk. He returned home covered in sweat!
Ali's class was on a bus headed for the museum. She had been excited for the trip. Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip. Ali told her teacher of her fears. She was disappointed when the teacher brushed off as paranoia.
We got married in 1981. My wife had simple tastes then and got a tiny engagement ring. As time went by she regretted her decision. One year I bought her a bigger ring. She was happy.
The crew was going to knock down the building. They hit it with a wrecking ball. The wall came tumbling down. The ball hit it many more times. Soon, the building was demolished.
We were washing our clothes for the week. While the machine being fill with water, we were watching TV. I went down stairs to add detergent to the load of clothes. Ten minutes later i checked on the clothes. Suds overflow from the washing machine knee high covering the floor.
Brett's chore is to take out the trash. He forgot to do it on Friday morning. Luckily his mom noticed that the trash was not out at the road. She put it out there for him. Brett felt bad that he forgot to take the trash out.
Jenny was a five year old who was very happy for Easter. She knew her parents would hide eggs and she would have to find them. On Easter Sunday Jenny went and searched for hours. She never found any eggs when she searched. Jenny realized that Easter was next week and went inside.
It was allie's first time getting her nails done. She never had a pro do it before. But as soon as she walked out they chipped. Allie was horrified. She then went back and fixed it.
My wife and I went out on Sunday. Driving home, we saw household items left near our building's dumpster. She went through the items and took two ceramic containers. She gave me a cigar box. We were pleased with our finds.
Colby sat on the carpet playing with LEGOs His brother Liam jumped on his pile of LEGOs. Surprised, Colby bumped backwards into the shelf. A Mrs Claus figure started shaking on the shelf. The Mrs Claus figurine fell on his head!
Mark loved turkey. He needed to pack his lunch for work. He decided he would buy a giant sub. He ordered a giant sub from the store. When he got there, the sub was six feet long!
Kim waited three months for tonight's concert. She was going to go see Miguel perform live at the theater. Miguel was her favorite pop music artist. His performance on stage was more than what Kim had expected. She enjoyed herself at his show.
Nick didn't feel like reading the stupid instructions for the dryer. He tossed in some synthetic fibers and turned the heat to high. The garments got so hot they caught on fire, followed by the dryer! Nick reacted quickly by dumping a bucket of liquid on it. He realized that he'd unwisely been storing gasoline in the bucket.
Mike was so excited he couldn't sleep. He'd just gotten tickets to the World Series! He loaded up his car and got ready to make the drive. When he arrived at the stadium, he quickly found his seat. He couldn't wait for the game to start!
Connie is on her way to class. Suddenly a loud noise emits from her car. Her tires goes flat. She quickly emails her professor she'll be late to class. She arrives late, but in one piece.
Gina and her grandma were alone. Her grandmother sat watching the news. They didn't speak to each other. Gina had been uncomfortable at the house the whole day. Now all she wanted was to go back to her own home.
Sara's mom was about to have a baby. Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious. Her grandma decided to take her out to lunch. While they were eating, the baby was born. Sara and her grandmother rushed to the hospital to meet him.
Ben walked his dog Pepper without a leash. Then one day Pepper started chasing another dog. He ran into the street. A car almost hit him! From then on, Ben walked Pepper on a leash!
Cillian wanted to get his novel published. He prepared a query letter and sent it to agents. He received many stock rejections letters. Every once in awhile he got a personalized message back. Those personalized rejections actually felt somehow worse.
A little baby was barely born. It grew a little older. It's parents read a book to it. The baby learned new words. It said them a few months later.
Calvin was so excited! His friends were coming over for a birthday party. He cleaned his room and decorated the play room. They came over and brought him gifts. He had a great time!
Gina wanted to call her friends. But she was out of state in Illinois. She needed to buy a phone card for the long distance charges. But she needed some money. Her mother hadn't worked for a week and had no money to give.
Karla didn't like her job. But Charles couldn't tell she didn't like it. Then she started showing up to work drunk. Next, Charles heard she turned in a two week notice to quit. She told Charles he'll hate the supervisor like she did.
Rachel's face felt very puffy one day. So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face. She cut cucumber slices and put them on her eye. Then she de-puffed with cool tea bags. Soon Rachel's face was smooth and firm once again!
Before leaving school, I checked my phone and noticed 5 missed calls. They were all from my mom, so I gave her a call back. She was crying when she answered and told me to get home. I felt a huge amount of dread as I biked home. When I got home, I saw that it was a smoldering pile of ash.
Tilly was shopping at the store before Father's day. She was picking up her burgers for her husband. She wanted to get him a gift but had very little money. Suddenly she noticed some speakers on sale. Knowing he liked speakers, she bought them for his gift.
Harris and Angelo were the team leaders for basketball. They picked the best players first. I waited with 3 other people to be picked. When it came down to one person and myself, Angelo picked the guy. Although I was picked last, I scored the game winning shot.
Rita was waiting impatiently. Her new couch would be delivered today! It was a beautiful leather couch. She couldn't wait to put it in her living room! She had saved for months for this amazing couch.
Sean was hiking when he was stung by a bee. He thought nothing of it as he plucked out the stinger. Suddenly he began to feel very sick. He realized he must be allergic to bee stings. He was able to call 911 and they helped before he passed out.
Jen was having a birthday party. Her mother brought out her birthday cake. Her mother lit the candles and then Jen blew them out. Her friend pushed her face into the cake. Jen was not mad and laughed about it for months.
My mom placed a tray of snacks on the table. All of the kids ran towards the table to eat out the food. When I found the tray on the table, it was completely empty. I decided to refill the tray. However, I took the tray into another place.
For Mother's Day I wanted to do something special for my mom. We lived in different cities so I had to send something online. I decided to send her flowers and chose a beautiful teacup bouquet. It was expensive but I was excited for her to receive it. In the end, the company decided not to ship them and I was very sad.
Kim was walking to school in her brand new boots. She wasn't paying attention when she stepped into some mud. Her boots were caked in the sticky stuff. Though she tried to clean it all, a bunch of the mud stuck. Soon her boots were a hard, dirty mess forever.
Sharon loves to eat cold pizza. Last night her friends ordered a large pizza. They couldn't eat it all, so they gave the leftovers to her. Sharon was really happy about this. Now she had a lot of cold pizza she could eat!
Every year, a carnival came to town. Kids loved to ride the ferris wheel. Last year, The Scrambler made its debut. A ride always broke before the end of the carnival. All the kids in town looked forward to that week.
Tom entered his office's chili cooking contest. He didn't have his own recipe. He decided to just get a lot of chili from Wendy's. He added a bit of spices and that was it. Tom won second place.
Mark was very tired. He hard worked really hard and was relaxing on the couch. He didn't feel like getting up so he called in for a pizza. The delivery guy showed up and Mark payed. The pizza was amazing.
Jimmy had just made some tacos. He was walking and trying to take a bite from them. The shell cracked and taco filling started to fall out. Jimmy had to clean up all of the mess. Then, he ate it all on a new tortilla.
Ben hated spinach. He thought it was nasty. He thought all vegetables were nasty. One day he got the nerve to eat spinach. It was so good that he never called it nasty again.
Sam was convinced to go on a blind date by his friends. He was shy and unsure about himself. He agreed to it. Sam went on the date and actually had a good time. He intends to see her again soon.
It was voting day, and Mark didn't know who to vote for. He listened to political talk radio as he drove to the voting booth. When he arrived to the voting center, he felt very nervous. Mark walked up to the voting booth and then changed his mind. He left the building and went home feeling bad about himself.
John was mowing his grass. He saw something move. There was a snake moving quickly away from him. John felt relief that the snake was moving away. He finished mowing the grass.
Tim was at work. His wife was expecting him at home. Tim lost track of time on a project. He didn't notice the missed messages from his wife. Tim got into a big fight when he got home.
Corina enjoyed painting. She needed a new set of paintbrushes. Corina's birthday was coming up. For her birthday, her parents bought her a new set of brushes. Corina was excited to use her new brushes.
Sally bought a new bottle of nail polish for her manicure. As she was testing it out, she accidentally knocked it over. The bottle spilled on her white carpet. She tried to get it up but it stained. Now Sally has a pink spot on her floor.
Robin was walking to the store. She was passing a driveway when a dog came running towards her. The dog's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster. Robin wasn't sure what to do so she just braced herself. The dog jumped on her until it's owner retrieved it.
Val liked to entertain everyone. One day, walking down the road with friends, he started performing. He whipped out a deck of cards and did magic tricks. People loved the tricks so much he put out a hat. After a few hours his hat had nearly twenty dollars in it.
John was sensitive to lights. John had a presentation in his class. The presentation had strobe lights. John had a seizure. John had to go home.
Andrea went to the cheerleading try-out. She went through the entire process. Then, she waited to find out if she made it. Thirty minutes later, they posted the results. Andrea had made it on the team!
Jenny and Krista went to the pool. They had a really nice time sitting in the sunshine and talking. After a while they got a little bored. They decided to invent a new game with balls and cups. Eventually everyone at the pool was playing the ball and cup game!
Kate and a professional apartment hunter were going to see places. The professional drove. It seemed like they would never arrive. It took 45 minutes to arrive at the apartment. In the end Kate realized it was too far to drive everyday.
My sister-in-law called up tonight. She has to babysit her grandson tomorrow in the suburbs. She doesn't like highway driving. She asked my wife to go with her. My wife agreed to go.
Mandy's family was finally taking their long-planned beach vacation. Mandy couldn't wait to swim and play. However, a lifeguard announced that a shark had been spotted! In fact, all the nearby beaches were closed due to sharks! Although disappointed, Mandy became interested in marine biology.
Larry had never played golf before. He played against a professional for his first game. Larry wound up beating him easily. The professional had let him win. Larry had mental problems and felt happy.
Rob preferred to work at night and sleep late into the day. This schedule worked with his online job. This schedule also just felt better for him. Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls. Rob had to adjust to a more typical schedule.
Zaddyfracks is a black cat. Zaddyfracks loves to go outside. When he went to the door it was raining. Zaddyfrack stood at the open door for hours. Finally the rain stopped and Zaddyfracks went outside.
Kelly wanted to get her makeup done. She hired a woman to help her. As the woman helped her, Kelly looked in the mirror. Kelly was horrified. She immediately fired her.
Martha had always wanted to make wine. Having retired from her day job, she planned to do so. Martha purchased a small plot of land to grow grapes. Soon, she had enough to begin experimenting. Martha made some excellent homemade wine!
Jason had doubts about starting a new relationship. He had been hurt in the past. One evening he met Diana in the library. They went on a date and Dianna spent the night with Jason. When he woke up the next morning, he thought an angel was next to him.
The huge man moved quickly down the stairs. The invaders would pay for entering his home. He grabbed two men in his powerful arms and tossed them aside. Three more raced towards him. That would be their last mistake.
In November of 2014 we went to the Natick Mall. My wife shops for hours. I sat in the foot court and read. I was reading a 6,000 page book and had plenty of time. She came back after five hours of shopping.
My girlfriend's jeep was leaking water from her inside light. I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water. I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car. Then I took off the cover to the lights to clean off the inside. After wiping everything down, I put the cover back on.
Kate wanted to eat cookies. But they were up high. She was too short to reach them. She saw the yellow fisher price kids chairs in the dining room. They were the perfect height for her to reach the cookies.
My friend Ann had a ten-year affair with a married man. He broke if off after his wife found out. His wife recently set up a FB account with her husband's name. She wanted to see who friended her husband. Ann never friended the account, knowing it was a trap.
Andrew hid an engagement ring in his pocket. His girlfriend, Nicolette was unaware of his plan. He took her to the zoo. After an entire day of fun he asked her to marry him. She said yes.
Josh ordered a new ipad. He was excited about finally receiving it in the mail. When he got home, he ran to check the mail. The box was waiting for him. He opened it and his ipad was completely shattered.
I was talking to my 78 year old neighbor Kyle today. Kyle showed me a Tile attached to his keys. He had recently lost his keys and his daughter bought the Tile. Kyle said he was afraid of getting dementia. I tried to cheer him up.
Gretchen was a nanny for two children. She knew she needed to get a job making more money. When she left, the children were very upset. Gretchen did not anticipate this. She decided to keep in touch with the children.
Tom wanted job security. He asked his friend for advice. His friend recommended that he learn a trade. Tom learned carpentry. Tom secured stable work as a carpenter.
Kevin drove his mail delivery truck slowly in the business park. He noticed a photographer trying to take his picture. Kevin slammed on the breaks. The photographer tried to wait for Kevin to drive again. Next the photographer cursed and yelled, you messed up my motion blur!
Bill wanted to do something special for Thanksgiving. Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time. Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade. In addition, Bill loved to see the smiling faces along the route. Bill had a great time at the annual Thanksgiving parade.
Jim was tired with work, so he dropped out and went on an adventure. He had never been to the desert, so he decided to go there by plane. When Jim got to the desert, he quickly got lost amidst the cacti. Jim ran out of water and wondered how he would ever survive! Luckily, Jim found a town and was able to make it home safe.
Andrew was a house flipper. He ripped the carpet out of his latest project. There were beautiful wood floors underneath it! Andrew was thrilled. He got to work on restoring them.
Matthew was not happy to be going shopping with his mother. The grocery store was no fun but then they went next door. It was a new pet shop filled with mice, birds, and fish! To a delighted Matthew, it was like a zoo. His mother let him pick his first pet, a goldfish with black spots.
The Howards love Vermont and they visited every summer. They liked it so much that they started looking for jobs there. After a few months, someone called to offer them jobs! The family was really excited to look for a house in the mountains. Soon, they moved there and every day felt like a vacation.
Ant was having chest pains. She was very scared. She called the ambulance to take her to the hospital. They doctors scanned Ant and tested her. They told she had benign pains called angina.
Hillary and her husband went to a restaurant by the sea. A waiter walked over and took their order. While waiting, the restaurant began to call talk about dolphins. Hillary and her husband looked over and saw dolphins in the water. The dolphins eventually left and their food arrived.
One day Jimmy's car broke down. He took the car to the mechanic to see what was wrong with it. The mechanic said he needed a new engine. Jimmy saved up the money until he could pay for repairs. After a few weeks he was finally able to get his car fixed.
Maggie had just bought a great new sweater. She was planning on wearing it for Christmas dinner. As she walked past the door, her sweater caught on something. The sweater was badly torn and ruined. Maggie was so disappointed, but she was able to get a new one.
Joe spent several minutes picking the perfect pair. He was at the grocery store checking each one out. He would squeeze, look and evaluate. Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise. It had a worm in it.
Sandy wanted to see a parade. However, she was a very short person. She was about to give up. But her brother came up. The brother picked her up over his head.
Kevin was hungry after school. So he decided to go to a burger place he was passing by. The place was empty and small. But the people who worked there were very friendly. When Kevin bit into his burger, he was amazed.
Megan was in the hospital giving birth. She thought that the baby should be coming soon, but labor kept going. She ended up laboring for almost twenty hours. Finally, she started to make some headway and it was time to push. Finally her baby was born after a very long labor.
Janie knew the kids were being abused. She was very worried about them. When their mother left the state, she went to court. She got a temporary custody order. It was granted based on emergency.
Kenneth's mother always wanted to learn to pull taffy. Her arthritis was too bad to learn. One summer, Kenneth took a taffy pulling class at the candy factory. He worked at it until he was a master taffy puller. He presented his mother with a box of taffy he had made just for her.
Tom lived in a college dorm with a pretty shady roommate. Tom witness his roommate defiling property in another student's room. Tom debated with himself about what to do. Tom decided to talk with the dorm manager about what he saw. Tom's roommate wound up being expelled from the college entirely.
Me and my friends were watching this funny movie. Every joke in the movie was hilarious. All of a sudden our DVD player broke. We couldn't finish watching the movie until the next day. It was worth the wait because the movie was very funny to us.
I once got a job as a taste tester. The first tasting was wine. I really couldn't figure out the differences between the wines. I eventually gave up trying to distinguish the flavors. I ended up getting fired because i was unqualified for this work.
Mary decided to build a swing. She was using old wood and rope that she found. One of the boards had nails left in it. Her cousin thought it would be funny to scare her. When he popped out she jumped and a nail drove into her foot.
Ben needed to lose weight. He bought a gym membership last week. When he went to the gym, he realized how weak he was. He could not even bench press eighty pounds. However, Ben seems willing to keep up with his workout schedule.
A man went to the gas station to fill up a gas tank. He took it from his car and walked it over to the pump. The man filled it to the top. He went inside the store to pay for the gas. The clerk told him to not worry about money and it was free.
My neighbor Lola in Brighton owns a nice house. She was recently laid off. She decided to rent out a room on Airbnb. Business was so good she built a second bedroom. She now uses Airbnb as her sole source of income.
Fred was going to have a test. He was very nervous for it. Fred was afraid he would fail. Sure enough he did. His grade dropped ten points.
My first kitten made my house smell bad. When I got my next kitten, I took precautions. I used expensive, quality litter which I scooped daily. I also had him neutered. Now my house smells like home, not a cage.
Oliver went to the post office to pick up a package. When he got there, they told him that the package wasn't there. Oliver looked online and saw that it had gone to the wrong office. He drove to the correct office. There, he was able to retrieve his package.
Naomi dreaded shopping for clothes because nothing fit. She tried all types of store and never found anything. The stores had great sales but she just had no desire to shop. During the summer she lost a lot of weight and tried to shop again. This time shopping was a success and she found things she could wear.
Abby had the pleasure of passing by a huge apple orchard. Abby decided she would pick some apples for the house. As she was picking apples, Abby saw a huge wasp nest. As Abby began running from the wasp, all her apples fell down. Abby was disappointed that her apple picking trip was ruined by wasps.
I took a girl I liked out to the beach. I had very little money. I was worried that my financial situation would ruin the night. We spent so much time laughing and having fun. The night ended up a success even though I didn't spend a dime.
Jack wanted to learn to play soccer. He and his friends went to the field to kick the ball around. He constantly wanted to use his hands to grab the ball. Jack's friends made him play as the goalie. He finally felt comfortable on the soccer field.
Peyton thought she was the reincarnation of an ancient warrior. As she lived in a mansion with maids and a butler, she kept it secret. But as she grew up, she felt the fire in her to change the world. She didn't want to be rich and started fighting for many causes. She managed to change many things over her life, just like a warrior.
The thief told the cashier to give him all the money in the machine. As soon as he received it, the cops broke into the bank. He ran towards the back door since no one was there. Instead of chasing him, the cops tried to drive there. The thief eventually lost them.
My son was a painter. For my birthday, he gave me one of his paintings. It was ugly. But, to show my love I hung it up in my living room. My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger.
Hank was an older guy in his 40's. He had never really been hip to the times and fashion. His daughter decided enough was enough. She took him shopping for some new clothes. Hank was happy his daughter took him shopping for new clothes.
Mandy was on a school field trip to the art museum. She was excited to see one painting in particular. To her concern, her teacher said that it was not on their tour. Mandy argued because she wanted to see the painting so bad. Luckily, her teacher decided to allow it and Mandy got to enjoy it.
I was on vacation with my entire family. My niece had the worst constipation. We tried fiber gummy bears and miralax. But nothing would do the trick. Finally when we got home, she got back on schedule.
Tim was playing outside. He suddenly got bored. Then he had an idea. He would dig deep in the soil. He ended up having a fun day digging.
Rob was good at computer programming. But he was indecisive. So he wrote a computer program to make decisions for him. Over time, the program became very elaborate. And Rob ended up acting like a robot.
I received poor test results from the last exam. Since i was demotivated, I wanted to drop out of the class. The professor was irritated when he heard that. He told me to fight as much as you can to pass. Taking his advice into consideration, I decided to cheer up.
My dad would swing us around as kids. He would hold each of us in each arm. One day he let me go a little too soon. I flew right into a table. That day I received two stitches.
Alice's father had always held prejudiced views about others. Despite this Alice was always welcoming to other's differences. She tried very hard to convince her father to change his ways. For a very long time he would not. He'd changed his mind when Alice gave birth to his mixed grandchild.
I had a violin lesson tomorrow, but hadn't practiced at all. My violin teacher would be angry if I wasn't able to play well. I stayed up all night practicing. When I got to my lesson, I fell asleep while my teacher was talking. My violin teacher wasn't happy with me.
Jamie becomes fat after Years of driving to the office. He decides that he needs to lose weight. Jamie begins riding his bike to work each day. Gradually he loses some weight. Jamie wishes he had begun biking Years ago.
Wells once had a pet dog. After many years, sadly, his dog passed away. Wells was very sad but moved on. One day he went into a store. He got a new baby dog and he loves him.
Tina wanted to join the tennis team. She went to the tryouts after school. She tried her best to impress the team. After her tryout, they gave her good news. They loved her performance and asked her to join the team!
Chris loved to chew gum. One day he woke up and found a bag of gumballs. He was so happy. He opened all of the gum. Chris blew big bubbles with his gum.
Chet was having a terrible day. He had a red eye flight and didn't feel well. He had trouble getting through security. He felt that the day was never going to end. The airline bumped him up to first class and Chet's day got better.
Blake went to the park. He wanted to find a rare pokemon. He saw a Diglet. He threw a pokeball. He caught the Diglet.
Jake was at his relative's funeral. He never liked such things. About halfway through he decided it was too much. He left early to cry alone. His family members and friends understood.
Amy and her friends thought it would be fun to sneak to the park. They had been there an hour talking to boys. Amy was afraid it was late, and they would be caught. She stood to announce to her friends they needed to leave. She turned, and Ben kissed her quickly before he headed home.
Sam was looking for a job but did not know where he wanted to work. He had experience hunting with his father, but that was all. He went online to find a job that could use his skills. He found a taxidermy job that paid well. Although it's not his dream job, he found a job that can support him.
The day of Fiona's wedding had finally come. She could not contain her excitement. All her bridesmaids helped her into her dress. She was ready to walk down the aisle! Everyone in the church were stunned by her beauty.
Miles realizes that his life is increasingly lonely. Other than his trips to the grocery store, he rarely sees anyone. He decides a pet may help him stay happy. Miles decides to adopt a kitten. Now that he has a cat, Miles feels much less lonely than before.
I went to see my favorite band last Friday. They put on a great show. I had such a good time that I decided to buy a shirt. They had a large selection. I picked my favorite and bought it.
Cal picked up his briefcase and it fell open. All of his papers spilled out on to the floor. Cal picked them all up and put them back in the briefcase. As he picked it up again the same thing happened. Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch.
Tammy enjoyed sleeping outside at night in her backyard. It was the only time she got to view the night sky. She would count all the stars above in the sky and daydream. One night she even saw a two shooting stars. She hopes to continue doing this routine forever.
Daphne went to work like she did every day. Being a housekeeper, it's her job to clean room the rooms. Daphne organized her laundry cart before starting her day. When she made it to her first room, it looked like the guest had left. She was making  the bed when she saw a man's dead body under it.
Kenny loves chocolate chip cookies. He baked a batch before work. His brother ate them all while Kenny was gone. Kenny was disappointed when he found out. He baked a new batch when he got home that night.
Shay planted an oak tree sapling in his yard for shade. As he grew up he raised his kids in the home. They, in turn, raised their kids there too. The oak tree grew taller each year. Shay's grandkids got wonderful shade from it!
In 1973, my brother and I went to our first comic convention. It was in a hotel in New Britain. We took a Greyhound bus from Boston. We were in the convention until eight pm. We got back to Boston by 11 pm, happy.
Zena won every spelling bee when she was in fourth grade. Now she was in fifth grade. The words would be much harder. She learned new words all summer to prepare. At the first spelling bee in fifth grade she knew every word!
We went camping on time when I was younger. They had this pond you could swim in. A day or two later everyone was sick. I think the water that was feeding it was contaminated. We made sure to not go back there again.
Earl went to the bar intending to have a few drinks one night. However, Earl ended up having more than a few drinks. He became very drunk as the night progressed. He went outside where he began to curse out loud and expose himself. The police showed up and arrested Earl for being drunk in public.
My step dad's name is Scott. I disliked Scott for a long time. Then one day I grew up. I realized Scott did a lot for me. I now know, Scott is nice.
My sister and I wanted something sweet to eat. We checked the internet for reviews of nearby places. We found one within walking distance. We decided to pay the bakery a visit. We both purchased two cookies each.
I went to the store to buy some eggs. First I got into my car, and drove to the store. Then, I got out, and bought the eggs. Next, I paid for the eggs and went home. Finally, I opened the eggs only to find out they were spoiled.
Ike's girlfriend went through his phone. There, she found texts to and from another girl. She confronted Ike with the phone. Ike was caught red-handed and had no defense. His girlfriend broke up with him for cheating.
Sara needed to do her homework. But she said she didn't understand it. So she took a break. Tom said she was just making excuses. And Sara never made efforts to get help.
One day mya was sitting in her room. She got a call from her best friend Becky. Becky said her mom bought her make up. Mya got so jealous of Becky. Mya went to her mom and asked her if she could have makeup too.
Bob loved baseball. He wanted to play professionally. His coach suggested he take steroids to become better. Bob agreed. Bob was caught by the ethics committee and barred for three years.
Sam is an amateur golfer. He goes to the golf course on weekends. One day Sam hit a hole in one. His face lit up with delight. He left the golf course feeling accomplished.
The Walden family decided to visit the hoover dam. It was their first vacation in Years. When they got close there was a road-block. Bad weather had closed off the area for days. They had to turn around and cut their vacation short.
The bank manager decided to stir up business by making his own money. He hired an art student to draw new bills. The student made 1s, 5s, 10s, 25s, 75s, and 130s for the manager. He was pleased and paid for the work in the new money. The artists scoffed at the payment and tore up his work.
Jason was the best athlete on the team and thought he wasn't cocky. He encouraged his teammates to be as good as him. Jason was chosen to lead the team. Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership. Jason's coach said he was cocky after all.
Karin speaks very loudly. Her cubicle neighbors cannot focus on their work. One day a complaint was made about Karin. She had to talk with Human Resources about her speaking volume. Now Karin sits far away from the rest of her teammates.
There was some commotion inside Patrick's home. Many people in the neighborhood were concerned for Patrick's safety. An elderly gentleman called the police with his cellphone. The police arrived immediately. It turns out that Patrick was raging about his sports team losing.
My girlfriend and I drove home for the holidays. We had very little fuel and no food. It was really close and we almost had to stop. It took us two days to actually arrive. Once there we got gas money as a gift.
I had just graduated college. I could not find a job. Finally, someone decided to hire me after three months of searching. Alas, they called me and said my background check failed. They took away the job offer and I cried.
A couple of people gathered in the parking lot. They ignited a few fireworks. Dan had to reignite some of them. However, he got burned by one of the sparks. His mom took him to the hospital to get a few stitches.
Billie decided to take her friends to the beach. They left early in the morning to beat the traffic. Ten miles from home she got a flat tire. It took hours for the tow truck to arrive. Billie got a great tan sitting by the side of the road.
Sally had extremely long hair that gave her headaches. Sally decided to cut her hair and donate it. She went to the stylist and got her hair cut. They donated her hair to a wing shop for sick children. Sally loved her haircut and didn't miss the headaches.
I challenged my friend to a game of basketball. After several hours, rain drops started to pour from the sky. Outside started to rain within seconds. My friend and I ran to the car in the front parking lot. We decided to visit another place.
Tim was a little monkey in the circus. One day his trainer decided to let him out of his cage. Tim ran out and ran into the stands. Tim ate all the junk food that was left behind. This was the best day of Tim's life.
Jen and Abigail were big fans of Taylor Swift. They decided to see her live in concert. They paid a good amount of money for the tickets. They got VIP treatment because of the price. They both got to meet Taylor Swift and shake her hand.
A new gym opened near Tom. He decided to give it a try. They gave him a promotional free month trial. Tom went often and started enjoying it. He paid for a full membership.
June was in the fourth grade. Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home. June's job was to pick out some fun socks. She was running out of time to pick something. Luckily, she found the perfect pairs right in time.
Simon came out of the kitchen with a tray full of food. Another waiter bumped into him and the tray fell on his vest. His first reaction was to scream as it was hot. Then he apologized to the patrons in the restaurant. Finally he run to the bathroom to clean himself and appease the burn.
Ron is planning a trip out with the boys. Ron gets approval from his girlfriend. His girlfriend has news. It is their anniversary today. Ron can't choose weather to go out with the boys or his girlfriend.
Amy ordered a couple of pizzas. An hour and a half later the pizzas hadn't arrived. Amy called the restaurant. The pizza still hadn't left the restaurant. The manager sent out the pizza for free.
Alice and Katie came home late one night and it was very dark. Katie walked in first, followed by Alice who flipped on the light. Without warning, the light exploded, sending glass everywhere! Katie and Alice screamed and all the other lights went out. Luckily, no one got hurt, the lightbulb was just old.
Marla was running for class president. She was driven and well liked and thought she would have a chance. When election time came she was nervous. Her running mates were very competitive. However to her delight she ended up winning.
The parents began hating each other gradually throughout the Year's. They would try to hide the fights from the children, though. They loved the children but not one another anymore. The parents knew a divorce would be rough on the children. Both parents had grown up in broken homes.
I searched everywhere for the perfect new purse. I wanted something large that was still cute. I ended up on the disney website. I picked a big purse that would hold all my things. I fell in love with it upon arrival.
Sam was cleaning out his garage. He found a vintage pair of Jordan sneakers. He listed the sneakers on eBay. He was shocked to find that they sold for $500. Sam used the money from eBay to buy a new laptop.
Anne asked her adult children to come to her house. She told them to pick the things they wanted for her will. Anne saw her grown kids fighting over who got what. The next year, Anne's heirs were called to a reading of her will. Their mother left her entire estate to charity.
John got call from his credit card company. They needed to check if he travelled to Canada. He confirmed he was at home in Kentucky. The company told him his identity was probably stolen. John had to call the police.
Ophelia is feeling bored one day. She decides to spend some time playing guitar. Ophelia plays guitar for about an hour. She feels better. She is happy that she no longer feels bored.
The man punched a woman. The woman fell down. Neighbors called the cops. The man went to jail. The woman filed for divorce.
A child got a lot of candy on Halloween. Children being children, he ate it all at once. His parents warned him that it would make him hyper. That's actually a myth, though, so it did no such thing. It did, however, reveal his hitherto undiagnosed diabetes.
Iva was starting to get wrinkles around her eyes. She went to the store and bought an expensive cream. The cream said it would reduce Iva's wrinkles in six weeks. She used it religiously for all six weeks. She was glad to see that her wrinkles did indeed get smaller.
Christine's eyesight was starting to become poor. She didn't want to wear glasses though. Christine's mom told her that there were other options available. Christine went to see her eye doctor. Now Christine wears contact lenses.
Bob went out of town. He left his dogs at his house. Someone had been by to check on them. But then bob got back. He found that one of his dogs had broken its tail.
Tim was drunk at the bar. He couldn't drive home. He decided to walk instead. Tim tripped and fell over. A cop arrested him for public intoxication.
Esther and Adam met through medieval recreationism. They started dating, and soon got engaged. For their wedding, they held a medieval ball in the mountains. It was really a party to remember. Their wedding was a great reflection of them as people.
Aegis wanted to move out of his place and find a new home. He was tired of the same old thing day in and day out. He decided that it was time to talk to a real estate agent. The real estate agent put his house on the market. Aegis moved from his old place and got the place he really wanted.
Lucy wanted a home cooked meal for dinner. Before leaving for work she set her meal in the crockpot on high. Lucy learned when she got to work that she had to work overtime. By the time she got home her crockpot meal was burned. Lucu never set the crockpot on high while working again.
Stan's class is going on a field trip. They walk to a nearby library. The librarian reads the kids several books. The kids get a chance to pick out their own book. Stan had so much fun on the field trip.
Tim's pet snake escaped one day. When he got home from school, he noticed it missing. He looked all over! Finally he found it behind his bed. Relieved, Tim put the snake back in its tank.
I went food shopping yesterday for the whole family. There was a nice sale on the canned foods. I bought a bunch of different canned foods. I brought them home and found out that nobody likes them. I had to take the canned food back to the store to return it.
I needed to catch a train. I was on my way to work. Unfortunately when I got there the train left. I was devastated. I learned to wake up earlier next time.
Will has always wanted to visit Paraguay but he doesn't speak Spanish. He decides to enroll in a local class. He practices Spanish every day for one year. Now Will is a great Spanish speaker. He feels ready for his trip to Paraguay now that he can speak Spanish.
The students were learning about fermentation. The teacher tried to explain how bacteria make alcohol. One student asked, "So it's bacteria poop?" The teacher answered, "In a way, yes." The child decided he would never drink alcohol in his life.
My neighbor surprised me with a Christmas gift. I felt bad because I didn't have one for her. I looked in my kitchen cabinets and found an unused mug. I regifted that mug to my neighbor. I felt better about myself afterwards.
Kathy and Walt always wanted to have a girl They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace. They decided to adopt a girl. When they brought her home the house was electric. Walt and Kathy were truly happy now.
Adolph was born a sickly boy. He struggled with finding meaning in his life. He thought he wanted to be a successful artist. One day, he became very interested in politics. His strong determination to succeed made him very well known.
A man was finishing his first day as a police officer. On his way back to the station, he got a call for a robbery. When he got there, a criminal was holding a store owner hostage. He was forced to shoot the criminal. The officer still thinks about the incident Year's after it happened.
Sarah had a bad case of writer's block. How to fix it, she wondered? She tried looking out the window for inspiration. She tried listening to music. Finally, she had to just write.
The teams were both very good. The blue team and read team were both tied. It all came down to the final question. The red team buzzed in. They got the question right and won the quiz bowl.
Kelly's laptop broke yesterday. It was upsetting to her. She got a new one today. Luckily the new one is working. She knows now never to drop it again.
Tom was in middle school. He wanted to play baseball in high school. He went to the batting cages every day after school for practice. Tom became very good. Tom eventually made his high school baseball team.
Tina lived in a subdivision with an HOA. She had left a junked car parking in her yard for a week. Several of her neighbors complained to the HOA. Tina got a letter from the HOA. She was in trouble for breaking one of the rules.
Misses Shelby was just fired from her job. She went home to her family seeking support. As soon as she came in the door she was greeted by chores. She picked up after the children and cooked dinner. Nobody asked how her day was and she didn't say.
Ken and his parents went on a moonlight tour of an old asylum. The place was supposedly haunted-and had no electricity! Ken didn't believe in ghosts, but it was spooky there anyway. He snapped a few photos for memories, and was surprised to see them. In each photo floated two or three infamous round, ghostly orbs!
My wife and I saw Escape from Alcatraz this afternoon. She looked at one of the characters in the 1979 movie. She said she thought he was the old man in 1990 movie Home Alone. After the movie she checked imdb. She was correct.
The car stopped. Another car hit it from behind. A man got hurt in the back of the car. He was covered by the insurance. The car was repaired for free.
The couple was moving to Mexico. THey saw a casita online that they wanted to rent. When they arrived, it was much smaller than they expected. It was also very dirty. They were not prepared to live in this tiny house!
I stepped outside one day and saw that my deck was filthy. I went inside and put on my boots. I went outside and grabbed the hose and a mop. I scrubbed the deck and sprayed the mud off. After I was done, the deck looked great again.
Maxine notices that her works shoes look a little dirty. She decides to shine them so they look better. Maxine spends all afternoon shining her work shoes. Afterward, her shoes look much better. Maxine is happy that her shoes are no longer dirty.
Pat loved caked more than anything. She would bake them all the time. She ran out of flour one day. It was very late and no stores were open. It ended up being the first day in 3 years she had no cake.
Anna saw a quarter on the ground. She bent to pick it up. But she couldn't. The quarter was glued to the ground! Someone had placed it there as a trick.
Calista always put her money in her sock drawer. She went to put more money with it, but it was not there. Her sister was eating ice cream when she went outside. She thought her sister stole her money. She went to go look again, and found it hidden in the drawer.
Sam was changing the light bulb. He screwed in the new light bulb. He felt a shock on his hand. He had been electrocuted! Fortunately, Sam was not injured by this incident.
Paul was trying to plan a vacation. He found a great price on plane tickets. He booked them for his family. He couldn't wait to be on vacation! He thought they would all have a great time.
My granddaughter's day care is celebrating Chinese New Year. They asked the parents to dress their kids up in Chinese outfits. My daughter is half Chinese. She bought a Chinese outfit for her daughter. My two year old granddaughter refused to try it on!
After an unfortunate accident, Cici's car was totaled. She'd had the car for years, and hated the idea of losing it. But she was excited when she found the perfect new car a week later. She had just started driving it when a Ford plowed into her. Cici cursed her rotten luck.
Marcus wants to have a healthy but delicious snack. He decides to eat a slice of watermelon. After eating it, he still feels hungry. Marcus eats another slice. Marcus is glad he had a healthy snack.
There were twenty Girl Scouts at an away from home camp. They woke up sleepy one morning to go hang the American flag. The camp supervisor started getting calls asking if they were alright. The camp supervisor asked why the people were calling. The sleepy Girl Scouts had hung the flag upside down.
The Cardinals were trailing the Cincinnati Reds by two runs. It was the bottom of the ninth and the bases were loaded. Yadier Molina stepped up to bat. He hit a line drive to center field. Two runners crossed home plate, winning the game for the Cardinals.
Sally's teacher asked her to sing at the play. Sally was delighted. She practiced every day. When it was time for her to sing she forgot the words. Sally ran off the stage crying.
Gina's crush had seemed to not see her. She had never felt more invisible. She returned to class and sat at her desk. She knew the rest of the day was ruined. She stared out the window, wishing she could re-do the last hour.
Billy never brushed his teeth. He also ate lots of candy. Billy ended up with cavities. The dentist gave Billy lots of fillings. Billy brushes his teeth regularly now.
Kim wanted a license. He signed up for driving school. Every weekend, he took lessons. Soon he was ready to take his road test. Kim eagerly signed up for the long-awaited test!
Janice was asleep at her house. She was awoken by a strange noise outside of her window. She looked outside to see what it was. There were raccoons ravaging her garbage! Janice alerted animal control to handle the situation.
Pam had a very volatile illness late in life. She called her family one day to come say goodbye. Her family was set to arrive in two days. Pam thought she would last to seem them. She ended up passing just before their plane landed.
Bob was in track. He wanted to make it to the Olympics. He lacked the talent. He decided to use steroids. He was caught and barred from the Olympics.
Jill gets drunk. She is so drunk that she sends a text to her crush revealing her love. But she knows that he already has a girlfriend. So she gets his brother's help to break into his phone. She deletes the text before he can read it.
Susie had entered her little dog into a competition. It had to jump over many sticks. Susie was happy that it made the first two. But the third one it tripped over. Susie hung her head in disbelief.
Randy thought it would be fun to learn how to surf in Hawaii. He flew to a Hawaiian island and bought a surfboard. Before his first lesson he went to the beach to surf. He fell off his board dozens of times and people laughed. He fell off once more and then he was stung by a Starfish.
Larry never had seen snow in his entire life. He was born and raised in Florida. He often looked at pictures of the snow. Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow. He will never leave Florida again.
I didn't notice anyone near me. I had a booger that was bothering my nose. I decided to pick my nose real quick. Of course someone walked by and looked at me disgustingly. I was naturally embarrassed.
Anna wanted homemade popcorn. She gathered up her dried kernels. These, she seasoned with salt and garlic. Then she boiled them in hot oil. They were incredibly delicious!
Robert ignored his alarm clock this morning. His wife noticed he was not awake. Robert's wife woke him up so that he could help her with the kids. He helped get the kids off to school in a groggy haze. Robert was relieved when everyone was out the door and he could relax.
Burt left his car windows down one sunny day in New Jersey. The weather changed and soon it started to downpour. Burt ran to his car and rolled up his windows during the storm. The inside was not very wet yet. Burt sighed in relief and vowed to never be so foolish again.
Jimmy was very fond of his aunt. She would always buy him things whenever she came to visit. Once, she didn't bring him anything. Although this surprised Jimmy, he didn't mind. He learned that seeing family matters more than material goods.
Pat drove his truck up to the loading docks of the warehouse. He spoke with the guy who would unload the truck. He told Pat that he was in the wrong loading bay. Pat pleaded to just unload the truck so he could go. Pat's plead did not sway the man at all.
Yesterday, a friend dropped off her infant daughter at my home. The little girl was still sleeping, so I left her in her carseat. After an hour, she woke up and started crying. I fed her, hoping it would calm her down. However, she cried the rest of the day.
Eric and Fred were bored. Eric had a bunch of gum left over from Halloween. He challenged Fred to see who could put more in their mouth. Fred couldn't fit another piece in after 14 pieces. Eric made it all the way to 18 before he had to stop.
Mikey was an electrician. He was working on a panel. He put his tool into a place he shouldn't. He got a very severe shock. The shock threw him back across the room.
Aaron raced a remote-controlled car in a competition. He had built his car out of toy motors and blocks. His car was in top condition for the race. It was nearly a photo finish, and his car came in 2nd place. Aaron was proud of his achievement.
Lucy grandparents had no internet. She was desperate to check her Facebook. She begged her grandma to go to the library. Grandma was busy and just couldn't take her. Finally grandma gave in and took Lucy to the library.
Mary and Jimmy liked playing Pokemon Go. They had fun exploring their city while capturing imaginary creatures. They even played the game after dark and in unfamiliar places. Then some people in town fell off a cliff while playing Pokemon Go. Mary and Jimmy decided they didn't feel like playing after that.
It had been a while since Ann had seen her mom. She had been away to college. Ann decided to buy a ticket for the holidays. She was able to pull off a surprise visit to her mom. Ann and her mom were able to spend time catching up!
After her divorce, Sandy spent a lot of time alone. Her friends asked her to socialize with them, but she demurred. Her friends descended upon her with food and movies to watch. They had a very fun evening and Sandy realized she had missed them. Sandy was soon back to normal, regularly going out and enjoying life.
I wanted to experience skydiving once in my life. I purchased a ticket. I got into the plane and it took off. I chickened out due to my fear of heights. It was a very expensive plane tour of the area.
Jane was self-conscious about her new braces. At school, a popular girl offered Jane a stick of gum. Jane remembered that her dentist warned against chewing gum. Jane took the gum because she didn't want attention on her braces. After school, Jane spent an hour getting gum out of them.
Eric and his wife had a daughter named Meg. Eric's wife passed away. Eric and Meg were very sad. Eric met a woman and married her 5 years after his wife died. Meg is now happy with her new stepmother.
Emma went in to take her SATs. She had been preparing and studying for months. The actual test was fairly easy. She got her scores in the mail a week later. Emma was thrilled to see that she'd done well!
Martin wake up in the morning with pain. His tooth hurt. He had to schedule an appointment with his dentist for the afternoon. Doctor changed old filling. Martin felt much better.
Noah had been saving for a car for two Year's. Yesterday, on his birthday, his parents bought him a car. He was so excited he didn't know what to say! He got tears in his eyes and kept thanking them over and over. Then he took his parents and little sisters for a ride around town.
Rhonda waged a campaign to turn a vacant lot into a green space. She was pleased to see the empty field turned into a park. Rhonda watched from her house as the park filled with people. Soon, the park was full of cars, loud radios and barking dogs. Rhonda thought wistfully of the quiet vacant lot.
Gemma was at the park with her friends. They were playing near a pond. Suddenly, a huge duck appeared. The duck began making scary noises and chased them. The girls all ran away screaming.
My friend Joe is a transit buff. He keeps an extensive inventory of MBTA vehicles online. Yesterday I went to the website. It was reported down. Joe said there were some issues with Godaddy and was working on it.
Tori bought a beach ball. She took it to the beach. She played volleyball with her friends. She thought she was going to lose. She won near the end of the game.
I wanted to get over my fear of graveyards. I went to a lot of unknown peoples funerals to help dispel my fears. I kicked a lot of headstones just because I could. A grave digger spotted me reading random headstones. The cemetery barred me from coming to the graveyard.
Yolanda was excited for the festival this weekend. She invited her friends to come along. She ate all sorts of food at the festival. Unfortunately, she sickened herself with so much food. Yolanda thinks she's had enough of festivals for a while.
Heidi was feeling spoiled. She renovated her backyard and added an amazing outdoor kitchen. It had a special pizza oven! She couldn't wait to make amazing pizzas in it every weekend. She was having a party to test it out soon.
Jake was a good looking young man. He had no problem getting a woman's attention. Jake had sexual relations with many women. He went in for a yearly exam at the doctor. Jake was devastated when he was told he had contracted HIV.
I discovered my favorite candy on a class field trip. In kindergarten, we took a tour of the local grocery store. On the way out, we were allowed to choose one item from the check out. I chose bubblegum in a tube that looked like a toothpaste tube. It was my favorite, and I purchased it for years afterward.
Danny wanted to be the greatest magician who ever lived. He talked his parents into getting him a magic set and lessons. He spent countless hours practicing and failing. He started to grow weary, but his father talked him through it. He performed his first show and did everything perfectly.
I tried to swerve out of the path of the truck. He obviously wasn't watching where he was going. He steadily changed lanes on me. I started honking my horn as hard as I could. Finally he noticed and swerved back into his lane.
Dan wanted to start up a online clothing business. After some research, Dan decided to open his store on Ebay. When Dan first opened his store, orders were slow. However, as Dan advertised his business, things picked up. Dan was glad that he choose Ebay to open his business.
I told my cousin about my pumpkin flavored pop tarts. In a fit of jealousy, he got dressed and went shopping. He texted me angrily from the parking lot. He said he'd wasted his time. All he found was disgusting watermelon flavored ones.
Nolan could not afford college, but he was accepted to Harvard! His parents decided to do everything they could to help. They set up online campaigns through KickStarter and GoFundMe. Nolan's family and friends all contributed what they could. Soon they had raised enough for Nolan to attend Harvard!
Bruce started dating this girl Sara. Sara was really into fitness and Bruce was not. She convinced Bruce to do a Zumba class with her. At first Bruce was reluctant but went anyway. After Bruce felt good and energized so he signed up for another class.
I am so very mad at myself. I went to the casino last night to play some free bonus they gave me. I ended up spending a lot of money. I am now short on some bills. I will never do that again.
Tom loved taking his truck to the mountains. Tom entered a dangerous portion of the dirt road. Tom was stuck in 1st gear going very fast downhill. The transmission broke on the car. Tom was very upset.
Mark was excited. His class was putting on a play for the school. His class walked onto the stage and he saw the large crowd. When it was his turn, he stepped forward and said his lines. He saw his parents also sitting in the crowd, cheering him on!
Tom needed glasses to see. His eyes were too sensitive for contact lenses. One day he broke his glasses. He didn't have a spare on him. He remained mostly blind all day.
Graham had missed his appointment with his doctor completely. The staff in his office called to tell him he had broken the rules. The doctor would no longer see him as a patient. Graham was upset having to search for a new good doctor. Luckily his next doctor was so great it seemed worth it.
There was a loud noise in the room. The speaker was blasting rock music. Andrea tried to figure out how to turn it down. She couldn't get it any quieter. Everyone covered their ears and left the room.
Gina's grandpa's funeral was finally starting. It began with a song from the choir. The song was beautiful, but long. Gina checked the program to see what was next. There were 7 more parts to this tragic and long ceremony.
Sarah always wanted to get married. She dreamt about the ceremony since childhood. In her thirties she met the love of her life. Her partner did not want to get married. Sadly, Sarah decided not to have a wedding.
Kate was walking on the trails near her home. But it was almost 100 degrees out. She was sweating and incredibly hot. She realized she was too tired to walk back home. She was elated to find a bench in the shade where she could rest.
Allie always got up late in the morning. One day she was very late in waking up. But the school bus beeped and still waited. Allie was embarrassed that that happened. But her bus driver was nice and did not mind.
Annie pulled the thread through on her last stitch for the quilt. She had just finished the binding which finished the quilt. Carrying the quilt to her room, she placed it on her bed. She smoothed out the wrinkles and stood back. Annie had an immense sense of satisfaction seeing the finished quilt.
Kevin needed a new email to use! His old one got hacked so he wasn't sure which one to use this time. He asked around and we all pretty much agreed that Gmail was best. The next day he made his new Gmail account. Kevin said he really liked his choice of Gmail!
Randy became a waiter at a restaurant. He had to buy black clothes for his uniform. He went to the department store and bought all he could afford. At home he put them all away in his closet. The clothes in his closet were now mostly black in color.
Tommy was five years old and did not know how to tie his shoes. His mother showed him how to do it. She also showed him some youtube videos on it. Tommy practiced on a tying board his mother bought him. After a week, he could tie his shoes by himself.
John felt very cold. The temperature in the house was only fifty degrees. He discovered the furnace was dead. He called a repairman. The repairman fixed the furnace.
An ice cream truck appeared in the front of the house. Jerry walked to the car to see who it was. The man in the truck offered an ice cream for only a cent. Jerry bought it and immediately ate it. A piece of cardboard fell out of the cone.
Tim was nervous about his wedding. He loved his wife and wanted everything to be perfect. He decided to drink to relax a bit. He went overboard and got drunk by accident. He threw up and ruined the end of the wedding.
Things didn't go as planned at work today. The production lines were down because of a broken conveyor belt. This put us behind schedule by four hours! Looks like I'll be working this Saturday after all. At least I'll be getting some overtime!
Jeff was sleeping in his bed. He heard some noise in his backyard. Jeff hopped out of his bed and went to his back yard. He looked everywhere and noticed something big. It was a raccoon looking for food.
Aveline wanted attention. She told everyone she had health problems. The whole community reached out with support and empathy. Aveline basked in the glow of their compassion. She kept playing the victim for more attention.
I was babysitting the children of a friend one night. They were completely out of control. I needed to calm them down before their parents were home. I put on a popular DVD for them to watch. After one hour they were quiet and sleeping.
Cali had not been on a date in a very long time. She had met a guy who asked her out but she was nervous to go. She wasn't sure if she was ready but made herself do it anyway. The guy picked her up and was nice and thoughtful. She had a good time on the date and was glad she went.
Nancy was chewing gum in glass. The girl who sat next to her was furious. She asked Nancy to stop chewing. Nancy chewed her gum harder after hearing her. They ended up fighting each other.
I have a glockenspiel. Yesterday I went to practice on it. I could not find the mallet. I bought another one online. Later, I saw the mallet was right on my desk, and laughed.
Mary was scared to go to the hospital. She had to go to there to have her appendix removed. After her surgery, Mary started to like her hospital stay. She enjoyed the one nurse who always joked around with her. Mary was a little sad when she had to leave the hospital.
My brother was coming home after moving out. He moved out awhile ago it's been awhile for all of us to see him. When he got here he was glad to see all of us. We went out to dinner and had a good time. We were all very glad to see him when he came home.
Kate was ready to go have dinner. Thinking of creamy mashed potatoes for dinner made her mouth water. She watched the clock at work waiting till her shift ended. Finally it was 6 PM and time to leave. She was so excited she almost ran.
Jim worked at a paper sales company. He thought it was boring, so he liked to play pranks on his coworker. One day, he put his coworkers stapler in jello. His co worker became mad and reported Jim. However, Jim denied ever taking part in it.
Martha is making supper. She is making her famous stew. She decides to have a nap while it cooks. She wakes up to the house filled with smoke. Martha had burned supper.
Tim wanted to get Christmas presents for the whole family. But Tim was very broke! He did not know what to do. Tim drew cool drawings for his family. They loved the drawings more than anything they had gotten!
I got a ticket going down the highway today. My speedometer busted a few weeks back. My dad is a mechanic, but he wouldn't fix it. He told me to just go with the traffic on the highway. This $150 ticket says otherwise.
Jim loved watching television. He could spend hours watching his favorite shows. On Saturday, Jim's friends asked him to go play. Jim said he'd rather stay inside and watch TV. That night, Jim felt guilty for not seeing his friends.
Gena was had just left the store after pulling out some cash. She walked home and then tried to give the cash to her husband. Then she realized that the cash was missing. She traced her steps but didn't see it anywhere. Luckily, she finally found it in her other pocket.
I love to play checkers. I challenge my brother to play all the time. I have always won against him. Today, my brother won. I do not love to play checkers any more.
Mary was scared of the dark. Her mother bought her a night light. Mary was able to sleep better at night. She no longer had nightmares at night. Mary slept everyday with her new night light.
Terry was unemployed. He applied to many jobs. He received a callback for an interview. They phoned him and told him he would be tested on Microsoft Access. Terry studied free tutorials online and was hired.
In the courthouse a brilliant lawyer was defending a man on trial. The opposition claimed the defendant committed arson at his home. The brilliant lawyer denied these claims and said it was an accident. The lawyer had a fireman as a witness to say it was an act of god. The jury was not convinced by this argument and found him guilty.
Jim went walking one day. While crossing the street he noticed a scrap of paper. On a whim, he picked it up. It turned out to be a concert ticket for that night! Jim enjoyed the free entertainment thoroughly.
Clayton was deathly afraid of house centipedes. One day he saw one scuttling around on his floor. Terrified, he called over his roommate to kill it for him. She walked in, unafraid, and swiftly smashed the bug with a book. Clayton was grateful and actually kind of impressed.
Alex and his friends were hanging out at a party. They wanted to smoke but they had no lighter. Alex decided to try using the stove. He turned it up red hot and used a piece of paper to catch a flame. It worked but it was dangerous and made a huge ashy mess.
My wife loves musical. I hate them and don't get them. She got us tickets for our anniversary to Wicked. I was unsure about it at first. Within halfway through I started singing along, though.
Josh started smoking when he was teen. Josh is now thirty years old. Josh now had a pregnant wife. So Josh decided to quit his habit of smoking. It was hard but Josh did it.
My mother asked me for my opinion about her new husband. I told her that I did not like him because he was a liar. My mother said she did not believe he was a liar. One week later my mother called me crying. She told me that she caught her new husband cheating on her.
Hank was practicing playing the drums at home. A he got so wild that a drum stick flew from his hands. Hank kept drumming with only one stick. He got so wild with that one that it also flew from his hands. Without any stick, Hank kept drumming with his hands.
Simon got out his surfboard and walked across the beach. The waves were extra large because of a storm offshore. He had never seen them so big. Simon was by himself. He thought it was too dangerous and went home.
Bob always thought he was the best basketball player in town. He challenged another really good player in town to prove himself. The game started off with both players equal. Around the middle, the other player took the lead by a full 10 points! However, Bob sank shot after shot, leading to a close 72 to 71 win!
Sam wanted to grow watermelons. He did not know how. He looked it up online. He found detailed instructions. Samn grew the biggest watermelon garden he'd ever seen.
We went on an animal safari. We had so much fun seeing all of them. But the next day we found out the owner was killed. We found out that an animal trampled him during feeding. It was so sad to hear the news.
Missy had had a bad habit of pulling her eyebrows. She had vowed to stop and grow her brows back. It was tough to resist when she had the urge to pull. Luckily though soon hair began to grow back. Within no time at all her eyebrows looked back to normal.
Tennis always seemed like a challenging sport to Mary. That's the very reason she decided to start playing. At first, she kept launching the ball out of the court. She quickly realized it was a game of finesse and power. Slowly but surely, Mary got the hang of the game.
Alan could not find his car keys. Alan looked everywhere around the house for his keys. Alan was frantic about losing his only set of keys. Alan decided to check his car. Alan had left them in the ignition from the night before.
Nick found out he had throat cancer. It was a total shock. It was stage III, so he was very worried. But luckily, his surgery went well. Nick went into full remission.
I was the smallest kid on my football team. I knew I had to work harder than everyone else. In practice I stayed late, until the coaches had to kick me out. In our first game I made three great runs and scored two touchdowns. After the game, the coach gave me the game ball.
John reads a review of the movie he wants to watch. He approves of the review and as a result goes to the movie theater. To his surprise, he was very bored of the movie. As a result, he left the theater and went home. John decides to be very judgmental of movie reviews from now on.
It was the first cold day of the winter. Jane wore her glasses on her walk to school. When she entered the building they fogged over. She had no idea that would happen. She laughed as she cleaned the fog off with her shirt.
Brandon took his young son to the zoo. The young boy was fascinated by the gorillas. The young child asked multiple questions about the gorillas. Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions. The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas.
Rich glared at his captives in disgust. They were unfazed, and the guns on him didn't waver. It had been the same routine, every day since his plane had crashed. Woken in the morning, and made to play poker all day long. With the last cut, Rich won the right to live another day.
Tom loved to eat cheerios. For breakfast was the usual time, but he ate it at other times. Lunch was common and so was dinner. One day he ran out of milk and couldn't have them for dinner. Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water.
Ron is sick of living without a phone. He decides he wants to buy one. Ron goes to the store to choose which phone to buy. He buys a cheap but nice phone. Ron is happy that he finally has a phone.
Tony had used nearly all of his quarters at the arcade. He was down to his last quarter. He decided to use his final quarter on his favorite arcade game. Tony played better than he ever had. He managed to break the arcade game's longstanding high score!
Allie decided that she was going to give herself a makeover. She wanted to straighten her hair and wear makeup. She got out her tools and got to it. When she was done she looked in the mirror. She didn't even recognize herself.
The cheerleaders worked very hard on their new cheer. They were going to unveil it at the homecoming game. They worked hard for many days. Finally it was time to perform! The crowd rose to their feet and clapped and yelled at the end.
Mitch was in love with Samantha. They had been together for over four years. He was finally going to propose to her at the carnival. When he got down on one knee Samantha ran to the closest trashcan. She started throwing up so Mitch slipped the ring back in his pocket.
Sally was starting kindergarten. She was excited to meet new friends. Her mom was not excited about this new adventure. Sally went to school and did not cry. Sally's mom kissed her bye and cried the entire day.
Dominick liked football. He joined at school. Dominick played his first game on Saturday. His team won. Dominick was so excited.
Jake noticed some cookies in the kitchen. They looked like chocolate chip. He excitedly ate one. It turned out to be prunes. He spat it into the trash.
His hair was getting very long. It hadn't been brushed in a long time. It was beginning to form knots. He pushed a comb through it to no avail. We ended up cutting it off.
Neil knew how to surf. So he figured it would be easy to snowboard. He bought a board and headed to the local hill. There, he balanced carefully and pushed off. Snowboarding was just like surfing on snow!
We were very worried about our finances. We started doing everything we could to make money. We struggled to make ends meet. Somehow we managed to survive. We eventually caught up and started a savings,
Jane walked nervously to her car in the dark parking garage. She looked around anxious that somebody was following her. As she was nearing the car she pulled out her keys. It was then she felt a light tap on her shoulder. It was the parking attendant she had dropped her ticket.
Robert got a brand new puppy. The puppy kept going to the bathroom inside. Robert didn't know how to fix the issue. His mom gave him a book on training dogs. Now Robert's dog is very well behaved and house trained.
Samantha wanted to go down the slide herself. Half-way down the slide she changed her mind. She started to cry. Her mom crawled up the slide from the bottom. She and Samantha went down the slide together.
Ella was studying for a test. Her brother was making a lot of noise. Ella couldn't concentrate on her studying. Ella threw a book at her brother. She got in trouble for throwing the book.
When Decker was 12 years old his mother bought him a BB gun. He excitedly ran outside to his backyard to shoot at targets. After a few times he felt that his shooting skills were improving. That was when he shot a BB which ricocheted back at his house. He ended up breaking a window and getting into a lot of trouble.
Joseph didn't like going to work meetings. He always had to speak up for himself and he was uncomfortable. That day, the meeting was supposed to last all day long. So when he arrived at work, he faked having lost his voice. And he managed the whole meeting without speaking a word.
Miles was trying to break open a coconut. He realized he didn't have the supplies to do it properly. He tried everything he in the kitchen he thought would work. After acting like a civilized man he decided to try a new way. He went outside and slammed it on the cement, it cracked perfectly.
Mikey was listening to a crystal radio. He started picking up a weird transmission. It had too much static to hear. He went to the top of a mountain. He heard a weather report on his radio.
When Mary visited I wanted to treat her to a Gondola ride. My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola. I made a reservation with my credit card, paying nearly 200 dollars. I escorted Mary to the docks and we loaded the Gondola. We had a beautiful sunset Gondola ride that evening.
Joe had the day off from work on Saturday. He and his wife thought of activities to do. They decided to visit the local zoo. Joe really enjoyed the elephant exhibit. He purchased a souvenir elephant decoration.
Em was a pretty farm girl who'd just been invited to prom. She worked hard on the farm, but couldn't earn enough for a prom limo. Then her dad thought of a way to help his dejected daughter. He saddled the family's two horses and rode Em to the high school. Em arrived at her prom very romantically after all - on horseback!
Rob has a pool table. Tammy and I went to Robs house. Tammy did not how to play. Rob and I taught Tammy how to play. Tammy is really good at pool now.
Warton challenged his brother to a football match. They went outside during the afternoon and played tackle. The game went smoothly until Warton fell. He tripped on his brother and broke his arm. Their parents had to take Warton to the hospital.
I went on a hike by a nearby park. I had already been on the main path a number of times. I decided to cut my own path through the hillside. The foliage was dense and proved indefatigable. I turned back, defeated, and took the main path again.
For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming. Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach. Finally Janice agrees to go swimming. She loves being back in the water after so long. Janice wishes she hadn't waited so long to go swimming.
I sell things on eBay, Amazon, and Craigslist. The other day my friend wanted to sell his sea kayak. His girls had grown up and no longer wanted it. I sold it on Craigslist for $200. My friend was pleased to get some money.
Peter went to bed too late last night. As a result, his mom made some changes. His mom told him he had to go to bed earlier. Peter was disappointed. He didn't want to go to bed early.
Eli picked up a uhaul and drove it home. He unhitched the trailer towards the back of his driveway. Eli turned the truck around and started to back up. He missed a crucial curve and started sliding down the mountain. He barely escaped the truck as it tumbled down!
Mary walked home from school after a long day. On her way home from school, she tripped over a large rock. When a little boy saw her, he called Mary's parents. Mary's parents took her to the doctor. The doctor bandaged her wounds and sent her home.
The cat sensed danger. It ran under the bed. She waited under the bed for five minutes. Then she poked her head out. She walked out proudly when it was safe.
Trevor had a big breakdown when his wife left him. He went to see a psychologist but it didn't help. As no one was there around him, he chose to go to a monastery. He stayed there for four weeks praying and healing. When he came out, he felt a lot better and stronger.
Liv was sick of paying $20 for pizza delivery. She thought she could make it herself for much cheaper. She bought dough and other supplies. Then she put her creation in the oven. When it was done, it looked even better than delivery pizzas!
Tucker was a troublemaker. His mom told him to stay clean. He was walking home from school and saw a big puddle. He couldn't help himself. He jumped and splashed in it.
Jerry recently went to a comedy show. Jerry was excited to see his favorite comedian. Jerry ordered a drink, and a light snack for the show. After Jerry located his seat, the comedy show began. Jerry enjoyed his night of laughter at the comedy show.
Ana and Alex were in the fourth grade. They did everything together. They finally decided to date. They're parents thought it was puppy love. Ana and Alex married twenty Years later.
One day Katrina went to Santa Barbara. First she went to Mission Santa Barbara. Then she went to Stearns Wharf. Finally she went to the Botanic Garden. She had a great time.
Calvin was very sensitive about his bald head. He didn't want anyone to know. So he always wore a toupet to hide his baldness. When one day someone grabbed him by his hair, the toupet came off. Calvin had to accept who he was and stayed bald for all to see.
We went to my uncle's house. He had a bunch of four wheelers. We convinced my 87 year old grandmother to ride one. She got on the back with my uncle. She enjoyed the ride around his land.
Sam looked in the mirror. He thought he looked ugly. He didn't like what he saw. It turned out the mirror was dirty. He cleaned it and he looked great.
After school, I changed and drove to the rap concert. I was so excited for this concert. I stood in the front row. The noise at the concert was way too loud. I could not hear anything for an hour afterwards.
Rover's water bowl was empty. He tried very hard to get his owner's attention. Nothing he tried worked. He then rolled over and played dead. Rover finally got his owner's attention and the water.
Malcolm is heading down to the track. He places a bet on a horse. He sits down to watch the race. Malcolm's horse wins first place. Malcolm wins a ton of money the track that day.
Titus took his car to the auto shop for new tires. After he left the shop, one of the wheels fell off. The mechanic had forgotten to replace the lug nuts. Titus walked backed to the auto shop. He yelled at the mechanic for being so careless.
Frank was hauling bowling balls in his truck. He drove his truck to a bridge to cross a river. When the truck was-way over it, he felt a shake. The bridge began to collapse. Frank screamed as he tumbled into the water.
The Addams family didn't like their old bathroom. They devised a plan to do a bathroom renovation. A budget for the renovation was set. The budget was too low for a professional to do it. So the Adam's family decided to do the bathroom renovation themselves.
Mark loves to play sports. He is very athletic. Mark decided to enter a basketball tournament. Mark was the best in the tournament. Now Mark has lots of trophies at home!
When Dan wins $1000 at the track he hides it in the couch. When he comes home the next day his wife shows him the new couch. In a panic he tells her about the money. They get their old couch back. Dan ends up sleeping on that couch for the next week.
Angie wanted to surprise her kids with a trip to the zoo. She packed up the things they would need for the day. The kids got in the car and she told them she had a surprise. She pulled into the zoo parking lot. The kids were excited to see that they were at the zoo.
My brother Josh was a police officer. Josh was injured during a foot chase, breaking two bones. I visited Josh in the hospital. I invited as many officers from his squad as possible to visit Josh. The officers came to see Josh and he was very moved by it.
Emma was at her first college party. She sipped a few beers as everyone else got drunk. In the morning, her housemates were all hung over. But Emma felt perfectly fine. She was glad she had not gotten drunk!
Javier had always wanted to sing better. Although his friends told him he was great, he wanted to improve. Finally Javier decided to take a class with a vocal coach. He learned how to sing better than ever before. Javier was very pleased that he had signed up for a lesson.
Tom always smelled bad. Nobody wanted to tell him. They felt bad for him. Someone left an anonymous note. Tom eventually started wearing deodorant.
Matt was in a hurry to his boyfriend. Matt rushed outside of the house and forgot to lock the door. Matt realized he forgot to lock it, after dinner with his boyfriend. Matt rushed home and looked everywhere for his keys. The whole time the keys were in his back pocket and he let out a sigh.
Arnold decided to get into shape. He worked out every day. Soon, he was lifting heavy weights. He felt really healthy and strong. He decided to become a trainer to help others.
I saw a penny lying there on the ground. Watching it, I contemplated whether I should pick it up. After all, it could perhaps mean good luck. Or it could mean nothing at all. In the end I simply turned and walked away.
Lucy and the girls were excited to go on a boating trip. The girls got on the boat and started paddling. The girls were having fun until they hit a large rock. The girls screamed, but then laughed at the incident. As a result, the girls jumped in the water and went for a swim.
The instructor told the groups to start cleaning up. My group found garbage everywhere. In addition, I found a huge fish near the shoreline. The instructor announced to everyone that we picked up the most trash. I received a gift card to a restaurant.
Jake hurt his back at work. His doctor told him it was bad. He went to a specialist that told him surgery was needed. Jake was scared but knew it was important to do. He had the surgery and recovered quickly.
I woke up one rainy night to a loud thud. I walked outside my room and then I heard it again. I began to look for the source of the noise but couldn't find it. Then I heard the noise suddenly and saw a tree branch hit my window. After realizing what made the noise, I went back to bed.
Louise loved boogie boarding but her boyfriend did not. She took him to the beach to show him boogie boarding was fun. They went out into the water before noticing the waves were so large. Louise's boyfriend got caught in the waves and tumbled around. He never went boogie boarding with her again.
Emma starts her first day of college tomorrow. She is completely nervous. She packed her back and printed her schedule. When she got to class, she realized she was in the wrong one. She was glad when her day was over.
The wife cooked for her husband. He was sick and she thought soup would make him feel better. Once it was perfect, she took it in to him. He sat up in bed to sip on it. It made him feel healthier.
Kim loved to go hiking. There was one problem. Her water was always hot when she drank it. She decided to bring frozen water with her. By the time she was thirsty, it was melted and cold.
A man always wanted to boogie board. He decided to buy a boogie board. He went down to the beach. He hit the waves hard! He had the time of his life.
Ellen was the prettiest waitress in the club. She often came to work with bruises on her arms. Ted the cook asked her if her husband abused her. She told him politely to mind his own business. A week later, she and her husband moved out of town.
I slept in late because I could. I woke up and made pancakes. I started doing laundry and called my friend. We talked for an hour about life. Afterward I sat down with my family for a while.
Nancy was very unhappy with the customer service she received. She couldn't find a manager to talk to though. Nancy was forced to go home angry. She posted on the company's website about her experience. A manager who saw the post, contacted Nancy to help fix the issue.
Pam was working at a pool with a group. The group was in charge of writing their own schedule. At first no one could agree on anything. Pam suggested that they take turns choosing. Luckily this helped and the team was able to work together.
The button had popped off of Bella's jeans. She really liked the jeans. Bella used a safety pin to fasten them temporarily. Bella bought a button to fix the jeans. Eventually Bella fixed the jeans.
Christian purchased insurance through Nationwide. They sent him a Smartride device for his car. The device could determine if he was a good or bad driver. Christian was a good driver, and got a discount on his insurance. Christian ended up saving 50 dollars a month thanks to Smart Ride.
Jason wanted a new hobby. He decided to learn astronomy. He went to the store and bought a telescope. Jason wanted until it was night. Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars.
The boy got a piece of pizza. He took it to his friends. He ate it in front of his friends. His friends all wanted one. The friends went to get pizza.
Kevin feared earthquakes a lot. In fact, he never wanted to be in one. One day, he went outside of his house. Suddenly, the ground started shaking. It was a small earthquake so Kevin was not injured.
Jay saw cartoons where people slid on banana peels. He wondered if it would really work. He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking. She did step on it, but it just got squished. She was pretty angry at him for trying to make her fall.
Kate and her friends were visiting Las Vegas. They decided to go to a casino. Kate played various games for two hours. And she was down $100. Kate decided to quit while she was ahead.
Bob listened to the weather report on TV. There was a tornado headed his way. Bob had prepared his home basement with emergency supplies. He decided to shelter in place in his basement. The tornado passed more than a mile from his house so he was safe.
Walt was nervous about his big date. He showered and wanted to smell nice with cologne. He made sure to cover every vital part. Unfortunately his date turned out to be allergic. She broke out in hives and had to go home early.
Darryl wanted to be a successful radio host. He went to a trade school for radio broadcasting. Next he landed an internship at a radio station. He found a job as a deejay for an online radio station. That job opened up the opportunity to deejay at a popular station.
We have a neighbor that is an extreme atheist. He put a sign in his yard that had a picture of Jesus Christ on it. He was hanging on the cross with a crown of thorns on his head. It said, GET OVER IT, IT SUPPOSEDLY HAPPENED OVER 2000 YEARS AGO! Recently, somebody ran over the sign with their car in his yard.
Nancy was feeling very sick. It got worse overnight so she went to the hospital. There she was shocked to learn that she was pregnant. She was also very far along and almost in labor. Nancy gave birth in a whirlwind and tried to adjust to her new life.
Mary found that she was pregnant. Her boyfriend Joseph was unhappy because he knew the baby was not his. Joseph decided to marry her despite the fact he was not the father. They married and went on honeymoon to Bethlehem. Mary gave birth during their travels.
Corinne's apartment smelled terrible. She sought the source of the odor. She checked the trash cans, to no avail. She checked for rotting food, but found none. It turned out that an orange was rotting underneath a kitchen cabinet.
My back was sore every single morning. I tossed and turned in bed. I could never relieve the pain. I tried sleeping with a pillow between my knees. The pain was even worse after that.
I went on space mountain ride yesterday. When I sat in the car I was getting scared. We took off and my stomach dropped. We went so fast I wanted it to be over. Thankfully the next minute it was over.
My little brother loves to play Pokemon. He loves the card game as much as the videogame. He always wants to play against me. He has never been able to beat me. I cheat all the time.
Megan broke her favorite pair of earbuds. She browsed for a new pair to purchase online. Megan selected a nice pair and prepared to buy them. Megan mom gave her an old pair of functional earbuds she found. They were uncomfortable, and Megan disliked them.
Ken set to break the record for most dominos fallen from one setup. He recruited his friends and they spent two weeks on a massive setup. The former record holder went in disguise to watch them work. The former record holder tried to ruin Ken's creation  by kicking it. Ken stopped him I'm time and tied him up to be safe.
Sam was on a second date. The first one had gone really well. This one was tanking fast. Sam tried his best to save it to no avail. There was no third date.
Mike was late on finishing a paper. He had waited until the night before to write it. Mike stayed up all night writing his paper. The next day, school was called off because of a snowstorm. Mike didn't have to hand in the paper, and he was annoyed.
Tom was a responsible gun owner. Unfortunately his son wasn't. Tom's son figure out his safe's combination. He got the gun out and played with it. The gun accidentally discharged and he was reprimanded.
Tom was a lonely man. He thought about buying a dog. He went to the local kennel. He interacted with one special dog. He took that dog home and they loved each other.
Sam got a new phone in the mail. It was the new Nexus 6. He opened up the package. To his disappointment the screen had a pink tint to it. Sam called Amazon and was able to get a replacement phone.
Dan always wanted to have a boy. He dreamed of naming him after himself. His wife didn't like that idea. They argued over it for a while. Eventually she gave in and they went with his choice.
I was walking through the hiking trail. All of the sudden, I smelled something foul. I decided to look around to find the smell. I realized it was a dead woman. I called the police and they eventually caught the killer.
Carly was running on a trail through the woods. She saw something moving on the side of the trail. Carly slowed down. She realized it was a snake. Carly decided not to pass near the snake.
The scientist had a theory he was working to prove. He worked for hours in his lab. He finally found a solution that worked for his theory. He got excited and knocked the beakers over. All his hard work had been for nothing!
Jason had a crush on Jennifer. Everyone seemed to know about it but her. One day he came up with a plan. He went out into the meadow and picked a bunch of wildflowers. He walked up to Jennifer, asked her out, and she said yes.
There was a caterpillar in a habitat in Kate's class. The kids were learning about the transformation to a butterfly. It was in it's cocoon for a long time. Finally it began to emerge. After a whole day the caterpillar emerged a butterfly.
Jenni wants to have more children. At the age of 52 it will be hard for her to do. Her doctor did some testing and thinks it is possible. She will need a few more tests to be sure. Jenni is willing to do anything because she really wants a baby.
Keenan liked to laugh. He had been very sad lately. His girlfriend surprised him with tickets to a comedy show. He laughed so much there. It was just what he needed.
Tom needed to buy a new tire. The one he had was too bald. He tried to wait over the weekend. Unfortunately it started to rain and wasn't safe. Tom decided to change it before then instead.
Hellen is a terrible driver. One day, she hit a pedestrian. Thankfully, she was only traveling five miles per hour. The pedestrian walked away with only a broken toe. Hellen, however, had her license revoked.
During my junior and senior year of highschool I was yearbook editor. I was pretty blunt when I gave my opinions to the other staff members. Sometimes this came across as rude, and one day I was confronted. One girl told me that I had no right to talk to people the way I did. From then on, I gave my opinions more gently.
Jackie had just moved from California to New Jersey. She was very excited to play in the snow. When it first started snowing, Jackie ran outside without a jacket. She did not realize how cold it was and began shivering! Jackie was sad but had to go back inside the house to bundle up.
Megan is overwhelmed at her job and needs a vacation. She hasn't taken time off for herself in Years. She looks online and books a flight to Florida. She tells her boss she is taking two weeks off for a trip. Her boss tells her it's a great idea because she is stressed.
My friend Anh moved from Cambridge to Westford this summer. She and her husband bought a house. I talked to her today. She said she tried to buy pizza last night and the shops were closed. Anh said she misses city life.
Emma was invited to play Bingo with her friends. It was a $25 entry fee but the prize was $1000! Emma felt sure she could win, so she paid the fee. But someone else ended up winning, and Emma was unhappy. She regretted spending $25 on such a silly thing.
The couple knew that their house was too small. They liked the neighborhood and did not want to move. The decided to convert the attic into a bedroom. They had plans drawn and hired an engineer to go over them. The engineer said the house would collapse under the extra weight.
Jeff was walking down the hallway at school. He saw the school bully picking on a kid. Jeff told him that would be enough. The bully turned around and laughed at Jeff. Jeff knocked the bully out cold with one punch.
It was a beautiful sunny day. The whole Mather family was getting together for a family reunion. They met at the City Lakes. There was a ton of great food and great conversation. Everyone left happy and full.
Edwards loved wild animals. He loved them all but he loved cheetahs the most. Sadly, he had never seen one in real life. After much thought, he decided to travel to Africa. After that, Edwards was able to see a cheetah in real life.
The man disagreed with the cost of a repair. He complained to the body shop. The body shop reviewed the charges. The body shop gave him a ten percent discount. The man still thought the bill was too high.
My cat was sleeping in my lap. The dog ran into the room She jumped up onto our chair. The cat woke up angrily and hissed. The dog ran away, scared.
Nancy was bad about eating leftovers. She would usually let them go bad in the fridge. She decided to make sure and eat her leftover lasagna. She left it on the counter while she ducked outside. The dog ran in and gobbled it up.
Krissy worked at a diner. The diner ran out of eggs. Krissy's boss sent her to the store for eggs. Krissy returned with the eggs. They were able to start the lunch rush fully stocked.
Doug wanted to make dinner for his wife. He got all the ingredients ready. He prepared everything and cooked things perfectly. Then he waited over an hour for his wife to get home. It wasn't until midnight that the police told him of the accident.
Gina had finally gotten her pencil back from Dave. It had taken 2 people and 5 minutes of chasing. Gina decided to put her pencils away so he couldn't take them. She put them in her desk and left for the day. She was sure her pencils would be safe in the classroom overnight.
I found a silver quarter in my change today. Because of this I decided to go through all my other quarters. I found five more silver quarters among them. I took all the silver quarters to a jeweler to exchange them. He gave me five dollars for each quarter.
Brenna had never tried sushi before. She didn't like trying new things, and thought it didn't look good. But her friend Ashley decided to have sushi for her birthday dinner. Brenna decided she couldn't let her friend down, and went to dinner. Surprisingly, Brenna found the sushi delicious!
Sam was at the store looking to buy a television. He found one he liked and then looked it up online. He decided to buy it for a cheaper price online. Before he did a store employee told him they price matched. Sam bought it in the store instead.
Steven went Alaska last month. He saved up enough money to spend a week there. He was very happy while on his trip, and took lots of pictures. When he came back, he shared his stories with his friends. He plans on going back to Alaska in a few years.
Richard was the oldest sibling in his family. He graduated college early and got a successful job in marketing. He was able to pay for the tuition of all his siblings. His siblings looked up to him as a role model. His siblings got Richard a brand new car as a token of appreciation.
Marcus was opening up a bottle of coke. He saw that his lid said he was a winner. He doubted it but called the number anyways. He really had won a free trip to any country. He really enjoyed his trip to France.
Larry was watching the baseball game. He was very confident in his team. Larry decided to bet a day's wages on his team. Larry's face begin to turn red as the final score was shown. Larry lost a day's wages betting on his team.
Katie planted a shrub in her yard. It grew and grew. Soon it was taller than her! She pruned it back. The next year, it doubled in size.
Heather had a niece by marriage. It is her husband's sister's kid. She is only four years old. The niece plays on Heather's heart strings all the time. Heather gives her niece anything she asks for because of it.
Noah was asked to do a football combine after school. When he arrived at the pavilion he put on his cleats. The first station was his height and weight. He was measured with skin folds and then vertical jump. The last stations were running for speed.
Charlotte went to a discount store to buy toys. She looked from rack to rack searching. She finally found some toys to buy a kid. The kid came over the next day and was so delighted. They played all day with the toys,  it was a good day.
Norma had come to Hollywood to become a star. She went to many auditions without success. She took extra acting classes but no one liked her style. She ended up becoming a waitress to earn a living. She loved her job so much, she stopped auditioning altogether.
Susie bought some stock in a company. She thought it would make her a profit. But the next day it crashed. Susie lost half of her money. She was furious.
I am a stroke victim. I have little use of my left side. One day I reached from my chair to the floor. I fell onto the floor and could not get back up. I called my son, who came home and got me up the floor.
Marcus had a strange growth on his side. It kept growing and formed a horn shape. Marcus got out a saw and chopped it off. He carved out the inside and made an instrument. Now he sits on his roof playing his horn every morning.
Tom's phone fell out of his pocket. His screen shattered on the floor. Tom couldn't afford to get a new phone. He found a cheap replacement screen online. He replaced it himself with a youtube video.
Tim recently bought a new car. He wanted to get auto insurance. After he saw the price, he decided not to get insurance. Then, Tim got into a huge car crash. Tim learned to never drive without insurance again.
A woman scrimped and saved to buy her daughter roller skates. She gave her daughter the skates on her birthday. It was not what the daughter wanted. Roller skates simply weren't cool. Years later, guilt over the memory haunted the daughter.
Yesterday, I went shopping for shoes. I went to Shoe Carnival, looking for a great pair of running shoes. I found all kinds of colorful options, and it was very hard to choose. I picked a pair with rainbow colors, because it made me feel young. I walked out of the store very happy with my purchase.
Jack entered a golf tournament. He was a good golfer, and thought he had a shot at winning. He practiced hard to get ready. He entered the tournament and finished eighth. He wanted to have finished higher, but was happy with his performance.
I've had the same haircut for Years. I wanted to try something different. My friends and girlfriend gave me different ideas. Everyone was excited to see what I did. I just kept my old cut again.
Judy wanted to take a short break after finishing her workout. She visited the local Starbucks. There was a really long line inside. Judy had to stand in line for almost an hour. She was so tired from standing she left without ordering anything.
Olivia hated karaoke. Her crush invited her to go this friday. It was a company tradition. She said yes. As soon as she got there she turned around and went home.
Lisa went on a trip to the jungle. While there she saw a rickety bridge. She thought it would interesting to go on it. She took one step. But after the second step she fell off.
There once was an old man. The old man had stiff bones and muscles. He didn't let this slow him down though. The old man dreamed of swimming across the English Channel. The old man tried it and was never heard from again
Joe was a health inspector. He arrived at a restaurant for an inspection. The restaurant was closed. Joe called the owner. The owner arrived to open the doors.
One evening while coming home from a nice dinner with her husband. Lyndie sees a man on the street begging. She stops her car and rolls her window down. She proceeds to give the man a twenty dollar bill. The homeless man thanked Lyndie and she drove off.
Steve's father was a great mechanic. Steve admired his father's skills and wished to learn what he knew. He became his father's apprentice and worked under him for years. Eventually Steve's skills surpassed those of his father. Steve now owns a car shop, and his father works as an employee.
Jan looked for information. The information did not meet her expectations. She wrote a book with more information. People read the book on every day. The book won several awards.
Once, there was a very lazy worker on Mechanical Turk. The worker spent all day in bed, answering surveys on the internet. People tried to get the worker to go out and get a real job. The worker did not want to get a real job, or to get dressed. So, the worker continued to answer surveys on the internet in bed.
I fell down playing basketball the other day. It really hurt when I fell. Fortunately, after a few minutes it stopped hurting so bad. I was able to get up and play again. That was a really lucky turn of events.
The bully at school punched me. He gave me a black eye. The nurse gave me a cold steak to put on my eye and soothe it. Alas, the meat infected my eye. My parents sued the nurse and won the case.
Ray was so excited for Christmas morning! He woke up early and tiptoed downstairs. He found Mom and Dad sipping cocoa and waiting for him! They ate a delicious breakfast together, then turned to gifts. Ray was elated to see that Santa had brought him everything he wanted!
Kate's new dog kept chewing up her shoes. Every pair she got he would destroy. She tried hiding them but the dog would keep looking. He would destroy everything in his search. Eventually Kate had to get rid of the dog.
The other day I saw a snake out on the lawn. I went inside to get a broom. I couldn't find a broom so I found a large stick. I shooed the snake away with the large stick. I haven't seen the snake since.
Bob was traveling abroad when he stopped to eat at a small restaurant. He was shocked to see a brown bear in the cage outside the restaurant. The bear was being used as a tourist attraction, and looked sad. Bob was outraged, and immediately reported to local authorities. When the paper reported the bear had been removed, he was so relieved.
Eric was reading a travel brochure. He then realized he had a myopic view of the world. Eric booked a month long trip to Europe and left the week after. All of the new experiences Eric had there were educational and fun. Eric returned to the US feeling fulfilled and with a new perspective.
I took my son to Europe. He said he wanted to go on a train. I agreed to take him on a train. I booked two tickets for a train from Spain to France. My son had a great time on the train!
We were up in my sister-in-law's apartment this Tuesday. Her unit was undergoing an inspection. We went to make coffee and opened her kitchen drawer. It was filled with tarnished silverware. I told her she should sell it on eBay.
For Mitch's birthday, his friend gave him a history book. Mitch thanked his friend but secretly hated the gift. The book sat on his coffee table for months before he opened it. Inside the book was an inscription. The inscription said that the friend hoped Matched liked the book.
Michelle got a cold soda out of the fridge and set it on the counter. She then left the room for a moment. Billy then shook up the can and set back on the counter. When Michelle returned she opened up her soda. The soda exploded all over Michelle.
Sam hated his girlfriend's friends. They often got into arguments. Sam's girlfriend thought he was being too controlling. They argued over it for a while. Eventually the decided on breaking up.
Kelley wanted a cat. But she didn't think her parents would let her. Finally they said no. They got her two cats. Kelley named them Fred and George.
Monica had ordered her son some Christmas gifts. When they arrived, she was checking them out. She noticed that one toy, a piano mat, was not so good. It was much smaller and flimsier than the picture had shown. She decided to send that toy back.
The group was walking by the sidewalk. A pick-up truck drove by. A lot of car exhaust diffused from the truck. As soon as it surrounded the boys, they covered their faces. In addition, they immediately moved in another direction.
The Boy Scout troop went on a canoe trip. Before the trip, the adults leaders cautioned them about canoe safety. They set out on the canoe trip, then encountered some rapids. All of the Boy Scouts made it through the rapids safely. Finally, when the adults attempted the rapids, they all capsized!
Kate's crush was sitting on a bench at a bus stop. She sat in her car staring at him as he stared back. Finally he got up and walked towards the car. He hopped in and introduced himself to her. It was hard for Kate to contain her excitement.
Jamie was going to her first concert. Her favorite band was in town! She met all her friends and went in excitedly. They danced and sang all night. It was a great time!
Our friends from NH visited us last week. M is a professor and his wife L is a yoga teacher. M and L were supposed to go to the beach last weekend. M found his paper was rejected and he refused to go to the beach. L was very disappointed.
John really wanted to get first place in a school competition. He trained really hard but was very nervous about it. He had always gotten second place each time he tried. The day of the competition he nervously competed. John ended up just barely getting 1st place, he was so proud!
Ken was walking down the stairs. A toy car made him trip. He tumbled down and broke his arm. Ken reprimanded his kid for not cleaning up. Ken's kid was better about it after.
Ed went hiking with his buddies. They came upon a high cliff. Ed and his buddies decided to scale it. They climbed up it carefully. They had a great time!
I used to go to the Boston Symphony Orchestra concerts. I stopped going after suffering a stroke. This week I heard the BSO won a Grammy for a Shostakovich recording. Today I listened to the cd on Spotify in the BSO's honor. I was pleased to listen to the BSO on line, in not live.
Michael wanted to earn good grades. He would study all day. He would even study all night. The day of his exam soon came. He still failed his exam.
Taylor's teacher gave her an assignment that she didn't understand. She ended up asking her neighbor for help. Her neighbor spent hours working with her to complete the task. Taylor turned in the assignment to her teacher. She received the highest grade in the class.
In 1993, our four year old was playing near the pool. His four year old friend was looking at the bushes. He picked up a garter snake and put it on the pool floor. We had fun looking at it, and released it. The snake catcher became a state trooper.
There was a hurricane coming through town. The weather stations all called it. It was bringing strong winds and possible disaster. Our family decided to ride it out. It was a terrible mistake.
It was the end of the summer. That meant the closing of the pool. Suzy was so sad. But she made sure to get the most of it. She spent all day at the pool.
Matt's grass was too long. He bought some gas for the mower. He put the gas in the mower and started it. He mowed the lawn in less than an hour. Now Matt's wife will stop complaining about the lawn.
Ann was beautiful and very well spoken. She was interviewed by her local TV news channel. She later got invited to come be a guest anchor on their news show. She accepted, becoming well-known in her town. Now, Ann is the lead anchor of a major national news program!
My mom bought me a scooter for Christmas. I got to ride on it as soon as I had opened it. Since I had just gotten it, I wasn't very good yet. So, I hit a crack in the sidewalk. I flew off the scooter and scraped my knee.
Bill was excited to receive his tax return. He knew he was going to be getting money back. He was planning on getting new furniture. He had been waiting a long time to get it. Once it arrived he went to the store to buy it and enjoy it.
Bryan was bored one day and wanted to go out. He called his friend and they all decided to go to the observatory. They went there and looked at all the displays. At night, they were able to see the stars using the telescope. Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home.
Nina took a shower before going to sleep. But when it was time to use her hairdryer, it overheated. She stood in the bathroom unsure of what to do for a few minutes. She eventually opened her windows. The air outside was so hot, in fifteen minutes her hair was dry.
Ann's women's group wanted to do something chivalrous. They decided they would send care packages to soldiers. Ann was assigned a soldier, and she sent him a lovely care package. A few weeks later she received a thank-you note. The soldier told Ann that her gift had truly touched his heart.
Lauren was excited about lunch at school. Her mom had packed her sack lunch. She was hoping she could sit by her best friend. Her best friend ate a school lunch. Lauren did not get to sit by her and is no longer excited.
Yuri liked to make crafts. One day, he bought some blank matryoshkas to paint. He worked very hard on painting them. When they were finished, he sold them at a gallery. They fetched a handsome price worthy of the effort he made!
Lester decides he wants something cool to drink. He makes a small batch of lemonade. Lester drinks lemonade all afternoon. He feels much better. He is glad that he made something cool to drink.
The man lost his shoes. His wife wanted to know how. He could not remember. She called his friend. His friend said that he gave them away at the bar.
Ness wanted to throw a surprise party for her sister. She passed out invitations the week before. Then she decorated the house while her sister was out. When her sister came home, she was so thrilled! Ness was so happy her party was a success.
Jane had a boyfriend she loved very much. Her boyfriend was working late one night. Jane decided to go out and eat. Jane saw her boyfriend walking and holding hands with another girl. Jane now has an ex boyfriend.
Kelly found a great used car in the paper. She went to see it, and she loved it. She didn't have enough money to pay for it, though. She offered the seller a lesser amount, and he accepted it! Kelly was able to drive away in her new car!
The boy had a project. The teacher wanted them to make a realistic sculpture. He stayed up all night doing it. When he presented it he thought he did well. But, the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him.
Summer was ending, and school was starting soon. A boy named mike was very nervous and didn't want to go. His parents took him school shopping. He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies. When the first day of school arrived, Mike was no longer afraid.
A woman was walking. She sat on a bench. There was a man next to her. She realized it was her ex husband. This must have been accidental.
Jana is the fastest girl runner in her class. She challenged the fastest boy runner in her class to a race. He agreed to the challenge. During the race Jana tripped and injured her leg. The boy won the race.
Tina wanted a new phone. She begged her parents for one. They said no. Finally they said yes. She got a new one the next day.
Last night I was outside when I caught a glimpse of the sky. All the stars were out shining bright. As if the universe was illuminated for my pleasure alone. The vast emptiness of space dotted with bright points of brilliance. I almost regretted not looking longer as I watched tv inside.
My cousins were getting ready to go to the club. They had to change their appearance since they were under 21. Jane attached extensions to her head as well as Leidy. All of us arrived to the front of the club. The ticket vendor allowed us to get in without any hesitation.
Mary was excited about the big sale at her favorite store. She got there early to take advantage of the deals. She found several items that she liked. She got on line to pay for her things. Afterwards, Mary called her friend to brag.
The official took several name tags and placed them in the raffle. The ball with the tags were spun around. The name was announced. A young lady, in a dandelion dress jumped in an exciting manner. She immediately ran to the stage to pick up her prize.
Dan loved music from the 80's, especially rap music. His favorite rap song from the 80's was 2 Legit 2 Quit. Dan loved hearing the song, and dancing to the song as well. In addition, Dan was a proud owner of the infamous hammer pants too. Dan laughed at his memories of music from the 80's.
The family dog was over twelve years old. He was slowing down, but still seemed to enjoy his family. People kept asking what the family was going to do with the dog. The family did not want to have to make the decision. One day the dog fortunately made the decision for them.
Barry was starving. He made himself a sandwich. He used turkey and bacon and mustard. He ate it quickly. He felt much better after eating.
There was a storm over Bill's house. He was very scared. He needed to take his mind off the storm. He played video games to busy himself. He had so much fun he forgot about the storm.
Jon and Jen left their camp early in the morning. They planned on making dinner out of just what they could find. Jon managed to catch many crayfish and even a small turtle. Jen picked fresh, wild strawberries and honeysuckle. They arrived back at camp late, but had a feast of their spoils.
Joe decided he was gaining too much weight. He decided to join the gym. He was flustered because everyone at the gym was fit. The trainer gave him encouragement. Joe felt confident and started working out.
Gus went for a jog after a rain storm. Up ahead was a large puddle. Gus picked up his pace. He tried to leap over the great puddle. He fell a few inches short and made a terrific splash.
Last week I went to the beach. It was a horrendously long trip. It took us over two hours. When we got there it was a relief. The long drive was worth it.
It was a very cold winter day. I was walking home for miles. I was very cold and trying to hurry home. I saw my house and rushed to the door. I went inside and my mom made hot chocolate for me.
Sean loved running. He entered a race in his town. He was determined to win it. He trained for it for months. When it was finally race day, Sean was determined to beat everyone.
Sam was trying to make a sandwich. He got most of the ingredients together. Sam then noticed that the bread was moldy. He didn't want to risk using it. Sam went to the store to buy new bread instead.
Joe has a dog named Sophie. Sophie is not trained very well. Joe's friend Bob tried to pet Sophie. Sophie got very defensive and bit Bob's hand. Bob was very upset that Joe's dog bit him.
Amy had hidden candy in her mom's shopping bags. In the house she searched the bags while her mom wasn't looking. She found the candy but her mom was too close. She waited till her mom walked away. Amy hid the candy in her shirt and ran upstairs.
Jane needed new sandals for her trip. She knew she didn't need to spend extra money. She saved and saved until she could afford them. Jane finally had enough. She was able to buy the sandals she wanted.
I want to learn how to play guitar. I bought my own guitar to learn how to play. I spent weeks and weeks practicing. I'm still not very good at playing. I think one day I'll be good at playing guitar.
Gary was doing his weekly grocery shopping today. He ran into his assistant principal in the snack aisle. When he tried to say hi, she looked at him with an angry grin. She also started to speak with vulgar language. Although it was a surprise, Gary was speechless.
The mailman rang the doorbell. I ran to grab my shoes. I answered the door. He was standing there loaded down with packages. He teased me about my predilection for early Christmas shopping.
In the evening, Jason gets hungry. He can't decide what to have for dinner. Jason decides to make breakfast food for dinner. Jason cooks eggs and makes a cheese omelet. Jason enjoys his unusual dinner.
Ken hated his co-workers. He thought they were always stealing his food. In truth Ken had a terrible memory. He often forgot about his food and it got thrown out. Ken never believed it when confronted with the truth.
Tim was on his way home from work. There was one last bus he could catch. Unfortunately it was a bit early that day. Tim ran but wasn't able to make it. He wound up having to walk a long way home.
Gina and her friends were watching videos. There was a world premiere of a new video. The cool girl group had a new song about friends. It was a catchy tune, and Gina liked it. Later she began to wonder whether she could trust her friends.
Oni needed a winter coat. But her mom was too poor to buy her one! Then One's cousin offered her an extra coat. It was a warm wool, and perfectly sized! Oni was so grateful!
Madison and Ryan are brother and sister. They love to go dancing every Friday. Last Friday Madison could not go dancing because she had homework. Next week, she worked hard on Thursday and finished all of her work. She was able to go and dance with her brother that Friday!
The army representative called the man. The man described himself as homosexual. The representative hung up. The man called the representative back. He signed up to the army through the representative.
It was December of the year 2012. Alex wanted to throw a party for "the end of the world". Him and his friends invited everyone over and they partied. They watched the TV waiting for something crazy to happen. Surprisingly, nothing did happen.
Emma had been invited to the football game by a boy. She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned. Soon too much time passed and he never arrived. She was humiliated assuming that he had stood her up. Luckily the next day he apologized and explained an emergency.
Cameron is usually a very good cook. Today, though, he put too much salt into his beef stew. His family would be over soon for dinner. Online he found a solution: drop a raw potato in the dish. Dinner went well, no one complained about salt.
Steve hated doing laundry. His clean clothes pile was getting very low. Finally, he was down to his last clean shirt. He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes. There were so many it took him all day!
Jill had to miss a few days of exercising because of an illness. When she was able to return, her muscles felt stiffer. She asked her instructor for help since she wasn't performing as well. Her instructor showed her stretches she could practice. After a few days, Jill was back in her best shape and felt great.
Jim wandered into someone else's room on the cruise ship. He saw a woman lying on the bed in lingerie. The woman beckoned him closer. Jim thought this couldn't be happening. He turned around and the woman's husband punched Jim.
Lisa likes black men. She met a couple of African American guys on campus this year. But she wanted to meet a tall and dark guy to be intimate with. She signed up for a dating service and sent messages to cute guys. She liked one guy and he bought her a laptop on their first date.
Hillary wanted to be president. People kept on putting her down. People told her she would never become president. She was sure she going to win. Donald trump ended up winning.
We loved watching indoor soccer. Our local team was the blizzard. It was so fun and exciting. They could score from anywhere. We were so sad when the team folded.
Tom fought hard for his interim heavyweight belt. Unfortunately he felt like he wasn't really the champion. He wanted to fight the injured champ once he got back. The fight was hyped up for months. Unfortunately injuries kept it from ever happening.
On Saturday I went on my friend's boat. We spent the day swimming and playing in the sunshine. We stayed on the lake until after the sun went down. Once it was dark, we watched fireworks. It was a perfect summer day!
Jaime's kids wanted to build a giant snowman. They rolled three large balls for the body. She had to help them stack the balls one on top of the other. They borrowed a hat from their dad's closet. Jamie gave them a giant carrot for the nose for the finishing touch.
We recently had a hot air balloon festival. There were so many different colors and large balloons. We were able to take a ride in one. When you looked up, all you saw, was a black abyss. The ride over the city was beautiful and very relaxing.
Jessica was a single woman and was lonely. She was at the grocery store one day shopping. A nice man walked up to her and called her beautiful. He took her to dinner the next day. They fell in love quickly.
Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work. He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient. The company he works for decided to go with an outside hire instead. Jeff felt that this was a direct slap in the face from his boss. Jeff stormed into his boss's office and quit on the spot.
Dena had a cow named Betsy. Betsy was black and white. Dena loved Betsy. Betsy began to feel ill. Dena had to call the Veterinarian.
Anderson loved to go boating. The only issue was he didn't have a boat. They were very expensive. After many years, he finally saved enough. Then, Anderson was able to purchase his own canoe.
I was driving yesterday on the highway. I was waiting to turn when someone cut me off. I was furious. I then cut them off back. We never resolved it.
Kelly seemed to get pregnant every time she was intimate. Her many children were just piling up around the house. She went to the doctor to see what she could do. Kelly's doctor prescribed some birth control pills. She hasn't gotten pregnant since.
Several men and I sat around a campfire in the woods. A girl came up stumbling and shouting at us. We laughed and she told us stories while we passed around a bottle. Somebody claiming to be her boyfriend came up later. She left him there with us, passed out drunk.
Lance had a crush on Becky since the third grade. He had always been too shy to talk to her. She was going to be the main actress in the school play. Lance knew the lead male would get to share a kiss with Becky. Lance got the part and Becky.
John wanted to stop drinking dairy milk. So he went to the grocery store looked at alternatives. He couldn't decide which kind of milk to buy. So he bought almond, soy, and cashew milk. John liked all of them and no longer wanted cow's milk.
My best friend always props his feet up on the table. I never tell him not to, but it bothers me a lot. Today he has his feet on a table right next to me. I want to tell him to stop, but I know he'll be mad if I do. I'm probably going to ignore it this time, also.
Yanice opened the fridge and found nothing to eat. However, there were leftovers. She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch. Since the place needed meat, she also fried and eggs. She ended up enjoying the meal.
Lilly was very afraid of the dark. Her father told her she must be brave and that he had a plan to help. Together, they went and caught lots of fireflies. They put the fireflies in a jar which illuminated her room. Lilly isn't afraid of the dark anymore.
Tay loved spending time at galleries and museums. She wasn't much of an artist herself, but she loved art. After school, she wondered what kind of job she might get. Then she realized she already knew the perfect career for her. She immediately began looking for work as an art critic!
Veronica lived in a mountainous area of the USA. She would often go hiking among the large boulders in her area. She went on a hike one day a little too late. Veronica fell into a crevasse and got pinned. Veronica was unable to call for help and perished on the hillside.
I awoke full of energy. I went to window and could see it was snowing. In my excitement I opened it wide and stuck my head out. My mother came in yelling at me to shut it. She said she already laid out my snow clothes and I should go play.
During a movie night, I was craving food. I didn't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food. I decided on getting pizza hut. I got the number and ordered my food. Twenty minutes later, my food arrived at my house.
Ginny hated math class. She always failed the tests! Then she got a home tutor. He taught her the concepts and helped her learn. Ginny's grades rose to As and Bs!
Anna really wanted to work for the new tech company in town. She thought they would never hire her. Her credentials weren't impressive enough. But her mom convinced her to submit an application. After all, she argued, at least that way Anna could say she tried!
There was a man who loved balloons. He was an accountant but didn't like his job. He decided to quit his job. In his free time he blew up balloons. Eventually he got a job at a fair at a balloon seller.
I lived near the beach through my entire childhood and teenagerdom. I never learned to surf. Now I feel like I ought to at least try it. I bought some lessons. I had a good time, but I will probably not keep doing it.
Rita loved money more than anything or anyone in the world. She had 5 previous ex husbands who were all very rich. They all mysteriously died under strange and vague circumstances. When her latest husband found out her weird past he immediately left. She was later arrested and police found out she killed all of them.
We went to Easter brunch today. The restaurant hired a bluegrass band. It consisted of a bass, guitar, banjo and violin player. Some little kids came by and danced to the music. The patrons seemed to enjoy the music.
Hal still had a lot of stuff to pack. Instead of getting on it, he was procrastinating. Hal felt compelled to do work tasks. There was another reason he hadn't made any headway. Hal, if he was being honest with himself, just found it overwhelming.
We decided to take my nephew to the drive in. He had never been before. So we got tons of snacks and headed out there. We got a spot and got ready for the movie. He loved the experience so much!
It had snowed the night before. Bob's driveway had 10 inches of snow. He had to get to work in the morning. He shoveled the snow out of his driveway. Afterwards, he was able to successfully back out his car.
Dan was playing in his first poker tournament tomorrow. Dan was ready, he played all year long. He didn't think he was as good as everyone else there. Halfway through the tournament, he was in first place! Now Dan got cocky, and ended up losing all his money.
As I donned my shirt in the morning I noticed a button was gone. I searched all over my room for the missing button. I found three other buttons but none that matched. To fix the shirt I picked one of them and sewed it on. That day a lot of people commented on my button.
Michael is a huge football fan. He watches football almost every day. He is very excited about the new season and started counting days. Michael knew that his favorite team would do well this season. The team won the championship and Michael was ecstatic.
I got injured during basketball practice. I was running down the court with the ball. Another player ran into me at top speed. She had a dent in her forehead from the impact. My jaw was pushed into my ear canal.
Tom was grounded over the weekend. His friends were throwing a huge party. Tom decided to sneak out and go. He was caught and got into a lot of trouble. Tom had enough fun for it to have been worth it, though.
Babs was a rare breed of tiger. Babs was the last of her kind. With no male tigers around, Babs might die without producing a cub. A male was recently found in the wild. The male tiger and Babs could now produce offspring.
Last week I went to Magic kingdom at Disney. It was fun but getting there was a drag. We had to take a bus and then rail. It took us an hour to get there from a hotel. The long wait was worth it though.
Steam had a sale the other day. They slashed the prices on a lot of good games. I wanted to buy so many of them, but could only afford one. Although it was hard to choose, I finally picked one. I can't wait for another Steam Sale to get another game.
The girls were primping in front of the mirror. They were all in a local pageant. They filed on stage one by one. They smiled and twirled for the judges. They couldn't wait to hear who the winner was!
Jennifer was looking forward to house sitting for her friends. Jennifer moved in for her first night, enjoying the spacious house. Late that night, she awoke to the sound of water rushing. She rushed to the bathroom to confront a burst pipe and water all over. She turned off the water and called the plumber's emergency number.
The work day started out the same as always for Stan. He made some coffee and dragged himself to his desk. No sooner had he sat down than an attractive coworker came to him. She had concert tickets and wanted to know if he wanted to come. Stan declined because he was averse to having any kind of fun at all.
Dan was afraid to go into his backyard of his house. Dan recently learned that the soil behind his house was very soft. This meant that at any given time, a huge sinkhole could form. In addition, Dan could be caught in the sinkhole as well. Dan was afraid of the consequences because of the soft soil.
Kayla was driving in the woods one night. Suddenly a deer dashed into her path. She swerved to avoid it. Kayla's car struck a large tree. Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it!
Kim wanted the training wheels off his bike. His dad agreed to remove them. So he went out to test his newly-adult bike. At first he wobbled unsteadily. But soon he was riding quickly and steadily!
Tom was a professional wrestler. He got injured and had to go away for a while. Tom worked hard and returned. His injury still persisted. Tom was never as good as he once was.
Macy loves to eat ice cream. Strawberry ice cream is her favorite. She went to the store to buy some. The store was out of strawberry. Macy went to another store and bought her favorite ice cream.
June worked as a cook at a crab shack. She always smelled like crab after work. Her friends didn't want to be around her. She started washing her hands with lemon juice after work. She didn't smell crabby anymore.
Jamie and his son were camping. They gathered some dry wood together. During the night, they rested by the fire. He fell asleep there and awoke to his son's prodding. Jamie received a lecture about fire safety from his own son!
Oliver had just turned two. One day, his parents heard him talking. They realized that he was counting from one to ten. That was the first time that they ever heard him count. They praised him and gave him high fives.
Portia loved to gossip about researchers. The researchers asked Portia to stop lying about them. Portia made an fictional movie about the researchers. Yesterday the researchers learned that Portia's movie went viral. Today Portia was found dead holding a copy of her movie.
Anna was at a concert. She had to pee badly. Finally she gave in. She had to use a Port-A-Potty! It was a bad but memorable experience!
Steve was excited about learning how to drive. His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads. Steve was nervous at first, but soon became more confident. He passed his driver's test with no problems at all. Before long, he was happy solo driver.
Mrs Winters gathered her class around. They got off the bus and began walking towards the museum. They were going to see several exhibits that day. The children were excited and also were able to learn a lot. It was a very successful field trip for the class.
Barry was on his computer all day long. He worked writing a blog for a local newspaper. When Barry would have breaks he would smoke cigarettes. Barry tried to quit one day and struggled immensely. He was finally able to stop by substituting snacks for cigarettes.
I went to the store last night to buy some potato chips. The store was all out of my favorite brand of chips. I had to drive across town to the other grocery store. Luckily, they had the chips I wanted. I'm really glad I made the trip to the other store.
Kelly needed a new straightener. The current one she had had broke. Thankfully she picked up a cheap one. It worked wonders. Kelly was happy with the results.
Little Kimmy just received a brand new puppy. She already had a cat, but welcomed her puppy. Kimmy had waited too long to take her puppy to poop. She soon realized her puppy had pooped in the cat's litter box! From then on, she allowed her puppy to keep pooping there.
Mary always day dreamed of the wildflowers that grew next door. One day she decided to take her basket with her to pick some. She spent a whole hour observing and picking the flowers. Her mom came outside and gasped. Mary didn't realize the flowers belonged to their neighbor!
Jim wanted to go to the Super Bowl. He saved money for ten Year's. Jim bought tickets as soon as they went on sale. The weekend of the game Jim wore his team's colors. The Super Bowl was one of the best days of Jim's life.
Grace loved tulips. Her husband wanted to surprise her. One day in the fall he planted a bunch of tulip bulbs. Finally in the spring they all bloomed. He showed Grace her surprise and she loved them!
Marcy needed to pick up her dog some food at the pet store. She had her daughter with her. Getting through the pet store with only food is hard. After almost an hour, they made it to the car. Marcy was the proud owner of a bag of dog food and a new puppy.
Sam was a car dealer. He tried to sell a car to a customer. Sam tried to sell it at too high a price. The customer said they would think about it and go back. They never returned.
The kids had fun in the sun today. It was a very sunny and clear day outside. They played in the sand at the beach. Most of them even went swimming in the ocean. That is why they're all so tired tonight.
Allie went to the fair with her sisters. They decided to go on the scary rides. Allie picked one and they went inside of it. The ride went to a stop and they fell out. Allie then had to be taken to the hospital.
Carl was out at the bar with his friends one night. He asked for a ride home, but they all lived close and were walking. Carl decided he was okay to drive the 22 miles home. But halfway there, a cop arrested him for DUI, shaming him greatly. Carl spent $10,000 in fines and vowed never to drive drunk again.
I was trying to patch up a coat last night. It was a simple enough job. I tried to thread the needle. I kept missing no matter how hard I concentrated. Eventually I got too frustrated and gave up.
Jake wanted to join little league. He had asthma and his parents were worried. He convinced them to let him. He had a lot of fun. His parents decided to trust him more.
It was Tom's first online blind date ever. He was a bit early and nervous at the restaurant. All of a sudden a random woman started walking toward him. He didn't recognize her. It was at that moment he realized her pictures were faked.
Megan was celebrating her birthday with a gift from her husband. She opened it and immediately disliked the ugly sweater. She agonized over how to tell her husband how she felt. Finally, she decided to be honest. He admitted that he expected that, and they laughed about it.
Nancy didn't pay much attention to her daily horoscope. Today it said she was going to meet the man of her dreams. She hoped it was true, so she paid attention to men around her. Walking home from work that night, she came across a homeless puppy. She took him home realizing this was the man of her dreams.
Gina stuffed herself at dinner. She was so full now she could barely breath. She felt sick like she had a flu. Her mother thought it was indigestion. Gina had never experienced such discomfort.
Katherine loved coffee. Her students gave her a Starbucks Gift Certificate. She was so excited to use it! The next day, she went through the drive-through. She felt very loved when she used the gift certificate.
I was hungry for a midnight snack. I found chips and salsa in the kitchen. The salsa was good, but I wasn't sure about the chips expiration date. I decided to try the chips anyway. The chips were definitely stale.
Mark always has wanted to go to Disneyland. He saves up his money for a whole year. He books his tickets and plans his trip. Mark goes on all the  rides and meets all the characters. He has the best trip ever.
Tia loved fishing. She learned everything from her father. A local newspaper did an article on her exploits. She became well known. Tia teaches classes thanks to the newspaper article.
Tim had a crush on a girl in class. He would try to awkwardly flirt with her often. She never reciprocated any of his feelings. Eventually Tim became frustrated by it. He wound up insulting his crush and she never talked to him again.
John had lost his job and was down on his luck. John applied for food stamp benefits at his local welfare office. John was approved for food stamps and received his benefits card. As john was purchasing his groceries the checkout clerk insulted him. John was not fazed and went home to happily eat his dinner.
Dan has been trying to quit cigarettes for a while. He decided to cut it cold turkey. He started feeling sick from not having it. He stuck it out for a week. After that, he did not have cravings anymore.
I went jogging this morning. While I was out jogging I saw a friend of mine. He was driving on his way to work. I waved, but he didn't see me. I can't wait to tell him about this!
Barbara had always wanted to be a violin teacher. She was very good at playing the violin as well. One day, she decided that she would be one for the rest of her life. Barbara became very successful as a violin teacher as well. Now, Barbara makes a lot of money from teaching the violin.
Cindy was shopping at a local grocery store. She saw a woman stealing a small package of meat. Cindy told the manager of the store. The manager confronted the woman. The woman was banned from the store.
We used to own two cars. We paid a lot in insurance each month. We decided we needed to save money. One area we could save was our insurance costs. We sold a car and cut our insurance cost in half.
Amy's new roommate wasn't very neat. Amy kept her things neat, but the other side of the room was a mess. Amy took initiative and cleaned the whole room. She hoped her roommate would get the hint and keep it clean. 4 days later the room was a mess again.
Mom took me to the circus today. I was so excited to see everything! The elephants danced in a circle. The lion tamer was the best! The circus was so much fun.
A man felt unwelcome in his new neighborhood. He heard a knock at the door. When he opened the door, no one was there. All he found was a flaming arrow stuck to the door. The arrow had a note that said to get out.
Tom had worked at a factory most of his life. One day everyone got a notice. They were being laid off. The company was going to move overseas. Tom had a hard time finding another job.
I was going to a store when I notice my car began to stop. I pulled over to the side. I checked my engine and my pedals. Everything looks good. Then, I realize I was out of gas.
Jeff wants to check the new fast food place in town. He asks his best friend George to tag along. Jeff and George were excited to try the new burger. Jeff gets to the place and orders a burger. Jeff loves the taste of this new burger.
Laura is a record collector. While perusing a record store, she finds a great record. She purchases the record and heads home. Upon returning home Laura begins listening to her new find. Laura enjoys being a record collector and her new record.
Sharon's family rented a cabin to go skiing. They left the cabin in the morning and bought their ski tickets. They spent the entire day learning new skill moves and having fun. They then had dinner at a nearby lodge. They went back to the cabin and went to sleep.
Janice and Marsha had lived in their small apartment for two years. They noticed that their next door neighbors had just moved out. They contacted their landlord to see the larger place next doors. Janice and Marsha decided to move into the larger unit. Janice and Marsha now enjoy living with more personal space.
Ellie and Sally went out on the lake in Sally's boat. Ellie wasn't a good swimmer but there weren't any life jackets. They were playing around on the boat, accidentally flipping it over. Fortunately the water was only a few feet deep so they could touch. Ellie vowed not to go out ever again without a life jacket on.
Lagertha threw her battle axe. It flew true and she hit the target. Everyone cheered and she ordered a round. Everyone drank their glasses. They were proud to be Viking descendants.
Mark and Joan could not wait for Santa to arrive. They laid out a plate of cookies and a glass of milk. They crept up the stairs to go to bed. The next morning, they ran down the stairs. They saw all their presents from Santa underneath the tree.
Amy had just purchased her preteen son new shoes in May. It was August and she noticed he was walking off again. To her surprise the boy had outgrown the new shoes in 3 months. Amy purchased new shoes a half size larger than needed. She was happy when he was able to wear them for 8 months.
I bought a great pair of red shoe at the shoe store. I tried them on with my dress when I got home. I realized the shoes made me taller than my husband. I had to return them to the store. I ended up getting a white pair with no heels.
He had been gone for half an hour before she started to worry. After an hour, she had stationed herself in front of the window. Finally, his car pulled into the driveway and her vigil was over. He walked up to the door with a gift and flowers in hand. She realized she had forgotten her own birthday!
Jeff saw the bottom of the hill from the top. He decided to run down the hill. He started off running but he tripped. His whole body was rolling. When he landed, he was dizzy.
It was a week before Ty's birthday and he was getting sad. Nobody had even mentioned it all yet! His friends said nothing, and even his parents were oblivious. So he was pretty dejected when he came home from work on his big day. But to his shock, everyone jumped up to surprise him!
Shay wanted her big sister to like her. She tried talking to her sister about things, but that never worked. Then she read a  oil that suggested she listen instead of talk. She began to ask her sister open-ended questions. Soon Shay was happily communicating with her big sister!
Nate was working on a batch of low paying tasks. After a while, he came across a CAPTCHA. This one was pretty easy and Nate began to copy it. Once he copied all the letters, Nate sent it in. Then, the CAPTCHA disappeared and was solved!
Anna went with her family to an Amish market to shop. There, Anna became enchanted with the Amish culture and style. She went home and started researching it thoroughly. As she learned more, she realized it wasn't quite for her. Still, she remained impressed by their tight-knit community life.
Tony walked to class with Krista every morning. One morning she wasn't there. He saw her later that day and asked where she'd been. She told him she had slipped on the ice. Her pant leg was frozen, so she went back home.
Sam's neighbors were having a party. It was late and they were being loud. He asked them to quiet down but they refused. Sam called the cops. The cops shut the party down.
Brad was hosting a beach bonfire. Despite his best efforts, however, the fire would not light. On occasion a few embers would light, but soon would die. Out of ideas, Brad poured some gasoline on the pit and lit a match. A large fireball erupted from the pit.
Fred always wanted to visit a tropical island. He decided to save his money for a trip. It took him six months, but he saved enough. He took his wife to Bermuda. Fred had the time of his life.
Tara's best friend has been spreading stories about Tara's boyfriend. She's told four other mutual friends that he is cheating on Tara. This is not true. Tara found out about the gossiping. She had to cut off her friendship with her best friend.
Kim had pet cats. One day she noticed a skin infection on her face. She went to the doctor to get it checked out. The doctor told her she had ringworm. She got it from her cats.
Kelly had been really stressed at work lately. She wanted to do something to help her relax. One the table she noticed an ad for a spa. She called the spa and set an appointment. She went to her appointment and got a wonderful massage.
Kelly needed a new toilet for her home. Her original one was getting old. She went to the store and found one she loved. It lit up and closed automatically. Kelly immediately bought it.
My cat was meowing and acting weird. I noticed that the cat's food bowl was empty. I grabbed the cat food and went to the bowl. I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate. I sat down and the cat behaved normally again.
Alana had written several best-selling fantasy novels. She was approached by a company who wanted to make a movie of them. She was so excited she could barely contain it. It took a long time, but finally the movie was released. Seeing her stories come to life was a dream come true for Alana.
Jenny has always wanted to wear a pair of high heels. She is afraid that they will be painful for her feet. Finally Jenny tries wearing a pair of high heels to work. She loves the way they make her look. Jenny is very happy to finally wear high heels.
Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium. Later, she saw the mermaid at the mall, without her tail. Molly cried and said the mermaid was a fake. The mermaid whispered to Molly, and the little girl smiled. She was glad the mermaid got her wish for one day.
Ron watched a karate tournament. But he wanted to be more than a spectator. So he decided to take karate lessons. And he signed up for the next karate tournament. And it was the most fun he ever had.
I wrecked my truck. They took it to  a junk yard. I went to the junkyard to fix it. They were supposed to give it back to me. But I got in trouble for trespassing.
Luna would often stay out past her curfew on the weekends. Luna's mother warned her that she'd be punished if she did it again. The next weekend, Luna stayed out extremely late to see a movie. When she finally went home, her mother was waiting in the living room. Luna's mother took her car keys and deactivated her cellphone.
Lily's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement. Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad She decided to purchase the iPad mini. After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model. In the end it was a great choice and she was happy.
Todd hate to get his haircut. His mom made him go to the barber. He cried all the way to the barbershop. Upon entering, the barber gave him a lollipop. Todd likes the barber now.
Taylor just turned 16 and needed a job. He applied at all the burger joints in town with no luck. He then tried to go a placement agency. Once he turned in his application he was called back by a company. He is now working at a factory part time.
The roof was leaking again. Brian called the roofers. The roofers came and replaced the old shingles. Brian hoped the roof was fixed. The next time it rained the roof did not leak.
The verdict had come in. The judge was getting ready to read it. Everyone in the courtroom was standing up. The judge read not guilty. The defendant shouted happily.
Bradley saw a new bike in the window shop. He just had to have this new bike. It was his favorite color and looked totally cool. Bradley saved up all of his summer money to get the bike. Finally the day had come and bradley bought his new bike.
Nastia Liukin, the gymnast, heard the stories, but this one was sad. A student e-mailed her and said at one time he was homeless. He washed his clothes in a laundromat, really just stretching. But he saw her in the Olympics on a TV in the laundry-mat. He said he cried so hard watching her win the gold medal.
A couple decided to make their own pottery. They purchased a potter's wheel and decided to learn how to use it. They each attempted to make their own pots. They nearly all turned out badly. They decided they were better off buying pottery instead.
Kim loved to eat fast food. Her favorite item to order was fries. One night she went to her favorite place and it was closed. Kim was very disappointed. She wrote the manager and received a gift card in response.
Jake had to wake up for work in a couple of hours. He decided to stay up until it was time to go to work. James made himself a big cup of coffee. Afterwards he felt energized. He was able to make it through the day despite not getting any sleep.
The classmates were traveling in the forest. Kenny freaked out when he found out that Ana is missing. He warned the teacher. She told everyone to split up and search the forest. Before the sun settled, Ana was found.
Tim was very poor. Tim lived out of his car. It was very cold during winter. Tim credited using his zero degree sleeping bag for his enjoyment. Tim had fun sleeping in natural parks for free in his car.
Phil was a scuba diver instructor. This last week he had a group of overweight tourists. One of the could barely breath just walking. He had too much trouble trying to swim. He felt bad but had to ask him to wait in the boat.
Frank woke up with a splitting headache. He went to the cabinet and found no coffee. Went to check his bank account and found no money. Frank decided today wasn't his day. He layed down and went back to sleep.
I had a beautiful goldfish. One day it died. At first, I was sad. But, then I decided to eat him. My mom found out and grounded me for a month.
My daughter has always loved bulldogs. She never had a dog. When she got married she got bulldog books. Then she had a baby girl. She does not talk about bulldogs much anymore.
Allie had some twizzlers. She left them in her room. All the sudden they were gone. She didn't know where they went. Her brother ended up eating them.
Manuel accidently dropped his phone and it broke. Luckily it was under warranty. He got his phone replaced for free. He was able to keep all his contacts. Manuel is very happy with his new phone.
It turned out to be a fox. I got closer. It made a funny sound. I heard an animal. I was walking through the woods.
Dawn wanted to lose weight. She was eating healthy and had lost ten pounds. She decided to start working out, too. She was determined to be in shape before summer. She had a goal in sight!
Katherine's dogs love to play outside. She took them to a dog park down the street from her house. One of her dogs got bit by another dog. Katherine had to examine her dog for injuries. The owner of the other dog apologized to Katherine for what happened.
Sandy went to the zoo with her grandpa. She got to see a show with two funny bears. They had lunch at the zoo. Then they went on the merry-go-round. Sandy had a great day at the zoo.
My family and I are going out to celebrate New Year's Eve this year. We have a plan to drive to New York City. This will be my first time there. The weather is supposed to be nice too. I am so excited to go.
It had been raining a lot lately. We needed to wash the dirt off the car. We took the car to the cleaner. After scrubbing for a while, the car looked great. On the way home it decided to start raining again.
Jake got hired to be an extra in a movie. He was excited about it. He told everyone he knew. He went to go see the movie opening night. Unfortunately his scene was cut out.
Jim walked into the mall and looked for several outlet stores. Since school starts tomorrow, a lot of people were at the mall. The crowd was large and most of the people stayed in one place. Jim spent 10-15 minutes moving through everyone. He eventually reached the shoe outlet store.
This year I plowed my field and with my new tractor. I am getting my tractor ready to plant all of my seeds. This year I am going to plant wheat. I am almost ready to spread the seed. I hope my crop grows strong so I can pay for my new tractor.
Tom was on vacation at the beach. There was supposed to be a big storm hitting the area. Tom couldn't get a refund on this vacation stuff. He decided to ride out the storm. Unfortunately it was too much and he died in it.
Donna was over 40 years old. She never enjoyed sports. She did not think she could learn any new skills. On one vacation, she spent a week learning to water ski. Donna enjoyed skiing for many years.
Jessi wanted to lose weight. So she started by running up and down a set of stairs by her school. But she could only run for about 10 seconds at a time. After months of practice, Jessi was able to run up and down the stairs. And she accomplished her goal of losing the weight she wanted.
Ricky was in control of a laser weapon on the battlefield. He had to aim it carefully. And pull the trigger for it to fire. He fired at a haystack. The haystack burst into flames.
When I was young I was allergic to stuffed animals. I wanted a stuffed animal very badly. On a trip, my Grandma saw a hypoallergenic stuffed bear. She made me walk around the store holding it to my nose. It did not make me sneeze, so she bought it!
Bob invited Mike for a drink. They came to a pub. A Waiter came and brought them beer. Ben's beer did not taste good. He returned his beer to the waiter.
Mrs Taylor prepared a class plan for the next day. When she woke up in the morning she felt sick. She called a substitute teacher to fill in for her. She sent the substitute teacher her class plan. Everybody in the class learned a lot that day.
Sam never grilled out before. He packed the grill full of charcoal. He then soaked it in lighter fluid. When he went to light it a huge fireball erupted. Same learned to be safe with flammable materials.
June was volunteering in her school's cafeteria this week. She was loving all of her tasks so far. One day she had to learn to make the pizza. Unfortunately, she burned the pizza and ruined a whole batch. Luckily, the cafeteria monitors forgave her.
We moved into Cambridge in 2013. We heard about a local doughnut shop. Linda's Doughnuts was about 1 mile away. My wife drove down one day and bought some doughnuts. They were moist and very tasty.
Francis noticed that his house was getting dirty. He decided he needed cleaning equipment to clean it. He got a mop and a broom at the store. Francis cleaned the entire house. When the house was clean, Francis felt terrific.
Chrissy is a classical violin player. Chrissy has played violin since she was eight years old. Chrissy practices violin for 2 hours. Chrissy's hands hurt so she stops playing. Chrissy is unable to play violin for another week.
Brad really wanted a cell phone. After weeks of begging, his parents agreed, as long as he did chores. Brad agreed and was thrilled to receive his phone! But only a week later, he carelessly left it in class - it was gone. Brad asked for a replacement, but his parents refused.
Ana was having a hard time getting her child to read. He'd tear up the primers she bought him. Ana noticed him looking at the pictures in her Walking Dead book. He seemed engrossed by it and wasn't tearing it up. Ana decided it was appropriate as long as he couldn't read the words.
Gus tried making a call and was told he had no more minutes. He thought he was paying for the unlimited plan. Gus' provider told him he didn't have roaming on his phone. He paid a premium to get it enabled. Gus was able to make his important call.
I was at my job. It was my first day of work at this job. I accidentally spilled coffee on my boss's desk. I was sure I would be fired. It turns out he was very forgiving because I was new.
Miles had never gotten in trouble. One day he kept talking in class. His teacher kept warning him. She finally decided to write him up. Miles never got another detention.
Robert hated valentine's day, but he was in love with Amy With the holiday around the corner, he was unsure about what to do. He procrastinated so long he never got a gift for Amy! He was mortified until he learned that Amy hated Valentine's day, too. Some couples are just meant to be.
Carl was waiting for his bus after school. It was taking unusually long. Then a teacher let him know that the bus was delayed. It was twenty more minutes before the bus arrived. Finally Carl could go home.
Dan was the worst player on his basketball team. He never got to play in the games, and this upset him. His coach wanted to let Dan play. One day, Dan's team was winning by 60 points with only a minute to go. The coach put Dan into the game, and Dan was ecstatic.
My brother had been feeling sick all day. My mom called the school and told them he wouldn't be able to come in. The teacher gave him all the work he needed. My brother began to do the homework but fell asleep. It is a good thing that he did not have school the next day.
Sara was on her last round of chemotherapy. Her doctors believed this was all she needed to be cured. She was so relieved to be rid of the awful tumors. They allowed her to ring the "Cancer Free" bell. Sara had never been so happy in her life!
Irene wanted to be a jockey. She loved horses and thought that jockeying was her passion. But then an ornery horse threw her and injured her leg. She thought she would never ride a horse again. Then she found new work, teaching children to ride instead!
Jessica was scared of bad weather. There was a bad storm crossing over the area. Jessica was terrified when she heard the thunder. She stayed under her bed all night. Jessica was relieved when the storm had passed.
Gina is an avid reader. She last read Moby Dick. However, Gina really hates some of the books that she's read. Moby Dick is one of them. She said it took way too long to get to the point of the story.
Kenny wanted to learn to sing. He took some lessons near his home. He started improving quickly. His teacher was impressed. Soon, Kenny recorded a demo tape.
Henry found out that his mom received a speeding ticket. Since she was broke, he had to pay for it. The next day, his mom asked for money to buy groceries. Since he paid an expensive ticket, Henry angrily refused. They argued with each other.
Lily was planning a grocery list. First she wrote down all of her food. Then, she opened a coupon book. She cut out any coupons for things she needed. Finally, she was ready to go to the store.
Tom needed a job to get an apartment. He couldn't get a job without an address. He tried to fake a friend's address. Unfortunately they found him out and he got in trouble. The trouble made it harder for Tom to get a job.
Michelle grew up in a bad neighborhood. She saw lots of crime and felt helpless to prevent it. So when Michelle grew up she decided to enroll in the Police Academy. Michelle became a police officer at the precinct in her home town. Now Michelle works every day to keep her community safe.
Donna was at a store looking for a backpack to buy. And she carefully analyzed every backpack and its price. After almost an hour, she couldn't decide which one to buy. So she ended up leaving in frustration. The next day, Donna wished she had bought something.
The police pulled Michael to the side of the road. When he took Michael's license, he noticed that it's outdated. Michael tried to run away. The police eventually caught up with him. Michael ended up getting tackled.
Lynn put together a lovely Easter basket for her daughter Katie. Her plan was to put it in the living room before Katie woke up. But Lynn overslept on Easter Sunday. As she moved the basket out of the closet, Katie saw her. Katie's faith in the existence of the Eastern bunny was shattered.
Tom got a dog from the shelter. It was very poorly trained. He tried different techniques. He eventually took it to a training class. It was kicked out for poor behavior.
Tom didn't think he was gaining much weight. One day he had trouble buttoning his pants. After a large meal the button broke. Tom was embarrassed by the situation. It convinced him to try and lose weight.
Tabitha was at the park with her friend. They came across a party held by her friend's church. To participate in the games, you had to recite a scripture. Tabitha wanted to play, but she didn't go to church. Luckily, her friend helped her learn one and Tabitha was able to play.
Jake wanted to go to his senior prom. He asked his friend Sarah to accompany him. Sarah accepted his request. He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets. They had a wonderful time at the prom.
Thalia went to Mexico for vacation. She took every precaution. She went into a bar. She let her purse out of her sight for a bit. When she went to check it it was gone.
Jared found himself with his two small kids after his divorce. He was tired and had to work. He hired a nanny to take care of the kids during the day. But every weekends his kids wanted to play. He took care of them but he couldn't rest.
Ray bought a new hat online. He had it shipped to his house. He put the hat on once he arrived. The hat was so big it fell over his eyes. Ray boxed the hat back up and shipped it back.
Jane's family was not pleased they had been eating tofu. Jane wanted them to understand it was good for them. She showed them articles online which stated as much. Her husband read all of the articles and agreed with Jane. The whole family agreed to continue eating tofu.
David hears about a contest to win a car. He enters the contest. At the contest he is asked to play a game to win the car. David played the game and won. David drove his new car home.
Tom wanted to go to the bars with friends. They all wanted to go to different downtown bars. Tom asked them all to meet him at a specific one. Nobody showed up. Tom got upset and left downtown entirely.
Vanessa had been given free cookie dough for her birthday. She went home and threw the cookies in the oven. While she waited, she got distracted by her kids. Suddenly she realized it had been too long. The cookies were nearly black but somewhat edible.
Josh and his wife lived on the beach. They knew there was a storm brewing in the ocean. They boarded up their windows and kept watch on the weather. They finally decided it was time to seek shelter. They were lucky that the hurricane did not do much damage.
Amy was playing with the snow in her yard. Her gloves were wet, but she ignored them. At the end of the day, though, her fingers hurt badly. Her mom examined them and found they were frostbitten! Amy had to be treated in the hospital right away.
Craig was strumming away on his banjo. Mary mentioned to Craig that she couldn't hear him play. Craig strummed harder so that Mary could hear him play. Mary loved it and asked him to continue playing louder. Craig strummed so hard that he broke a banjo string.
Ken needed to finish an assignment. He decided to pull an all nighter. He was just barely able to finish it. He was tired at work but pulled through. Ken was glad he pulled it off.
Sean was making corned beef for Saint Patrick's Day. He had never done it before. He wanted to get it just right. He followed a recipe very carefully. Luckily, the beef turned out just perfect.
Jane envied classmates with fancy homes and sophisticated moms. One of these classmates invited Jane to come over. Jane told her mom, who was busy doing chores in a housecoat. At the girl's house, a well-dressed woman greeted Jane at the door. Then the mom plopped on the sofa with a cocktail to watch soap operas.
Red hates his boss. He felt very mistreated and taken advantage of. He always knew one day he would have enough and explode. He drank a little too much last night and made some drunk phone calls. He found out the next day when his boss let him know he was fired.
Linda was bored after school. None of her school's activities appealed to her. Then she thought of a solution. She started her own club after school. Every day she and her friends chatted and read books!
John wanted to write a novel. He took a six month sabbatical from his teaching position. John wrote and wrote for several months straight. He sent his manuscript to an agent he trusted. The agent wrote back, saying the novel was terrible!
Peter grew potatoes on his farm. He decided to try a recipe with them. He cut them in very thin slices and then fried them. He seasoned them with lots of salt. He had invented a great chip recipe!
Bob convinced his wife Peg to let him have a rec room. He saved up for a pool table, a bar and a poker table. Soon, the guys came over every week to enjoy the rec room. Bob found himself losing at pool and poker and getting hangovers. Bob surprised Peg by turning the rec room into her craft room.
Terry is dating a model. Terry is loving life. One day Terry gets a call. His girlfriend tells him he isn't good enough for her. Terry gets dumped by the model.
It was the first night of monday football. They grabbed snacks from the kitchen. They sat in front of the tv. They cheered as their team won the game. They went to bed happy with the evening.
Sammie loved to play soccer in the street with his friends. He would always kick the ball low to avoid it going over the wall. One day, one of Sammie's friends came over to play. Everything went as usual until his friend kicked it high into the air! The ball flew far over the wall, leaving Sammie sadly with no ball.
I met a guy at work today. He told me his name was Jeffrey. Jeffrey asked for my number. When I got home from work we talked all night. Jeffrey has become one of my best friends!
Will decided he'd like to have a pet. Will went to a local pet store. He narrowed his choices down to either a lab puppy or a turtle. Will decided on the puppy. Now, years later, Will and that lab are best friends.
My niece had three children from her boyfriend. He used to hit her when he got drunk. The police were called in twice for disturbances. One night he almost destroyed her apartment. He got sent to jail and she has not seen him since.
Fred's wife was very pregnant. He got a call at work one day saying she was in labor. Fred told his boss he was leaving and jumped in his car. Fred rushed to the hospital to meet his wife. He walked into the room to find his wife and healthy newborn son.
Ginger's two babies were toddling around the living room. She kept an eye on them as she made breakfast. Suddenly she heard a loud scream. One boy was taking something from the other. Ginger decided to separate them for awhile to keep them quiet.
The couple was going through a nasty divorce. They had to go to court to divide their assets. The judge gave them his ruling. Both sides were angry and bitter. It had been a tense hearing.
George was very forgetful. George also loved coffee. George sat a half full coffee cup down in the garage one day. He forgot about it for a couple weeks. When he picked it up, he discovered disgusting mold growing inside it.
Allie wanted to text her friends to see how they were doing. So she did. But she did not get replies. She waited hours and then days but still nothing. So she decided to not be friends with them anymore.
Cora was pregnant and excited. She wanted a baby boy! But then the ultrasound showed a girl, and she was sad. She resolved to love her girl anyway, but she soon got a shock. She gave birth to a baby boy after all!
Tom took his girlfriend out for her first fishing experience. He taught her the basics and then gave her a rod to try herself. They sat there and fished all day. Later on, his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him. Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated.
Cathy is an avid collector of Cabbage Patch Dolls. Recently, Cathy saw a rare doll for sale on Ebay. Cathy put in an offer, and hoped she would win the bid. However, Cathy lost the bid and someone else won. Cathy was heartbroken that she lost the bid for the doll.
John was walking behind a couple of slow people at the grocery store. They seemed oblivious to his presence. He tried to get around them but there was no room. He tried to make some noise so they would notice him there. He eventually pushed through between them and finally got past them.
Larry was baking cookies. When they were done, he decided to take them out. He opened the oven door and reached for the cookie tray. But hot air from the oven irritated his eyes and face. And he dropped the cookies all over the floor.
Jessica was walking to her job. She was wearing heels. One of her heels got stuck in the crack of the sidewalk. Jessica broke her shoe on the sidewalk. She work heels less often after this.
A new guy had come to the neighborhood. There was something very weird about it. He spoke strangely and always looked very nervous. Everyone else in the neighborhood decided to avoid him. He was not someone they wanted to get to know.
Eric and his family were eating. Suddenly their house went on fire. Eric saw someone run away. So Eric called the police. It turned out that the person wanted to hurt them.
Sarah loved to go swimming. She was going to join her friends at the pool later that afternoon. Sarah got dressed in her swimsuit and waited for her friends. She fell asleep while waiting, and woke up two hours later. She missed the chance to swim with her friends.
Dylan was excited to take his girlfriend somewhere special. There was a candy store in New York that was his favorite place. He brought her in and showed her all the glorious treats. They filled a bag with treats. Then they rushed home to eat them!
I needed braces at 13 years old. I was excited to get them, until I went to the orthodontist. He informed me that I had to get 6 teeth pulled first! I got the teeth pulled and the braces put on. It was the worse pain ever, and I regretted ever getting them.
Tabitha woke up one morning to see that her alarm hadn't worked. She was running very late and needed to leave soon. She quickly got dressed and brushed her hair. Then, she tried to apply her makeup as fast as possible. It looked sort of sloppy, but she accepted it and left.
Michael is a Penguin researcher. One day Michael got lost in the wasteland. While he was lost he encountered a rare penguin. Michael only wished he had his camera. He used his GPS to find his way back to base.
Anita wanted to write a novel. She didn't know how and she took lessons. Her first novel wasn't very good but she persevered. When she finished her fifth novel, she managed to get published. She's now a famous novelist and writes a novel every year.
Harold went to an amusement park. There was a fun house. He entered the fun house. The clown inside had a chainsaw. Harold peed his pants.
My sister-in-law called me yesterday. She wanted to change the wallpaper on her phone. I could not tell her how to do it, as she had an old slide phone. I had to go to youtube to get lessons. I called her today but her daughter had fixed the problem.
Kiwi the cat was adopted by her family 5 years ago. She adored her humans more than anything, but needed a furry friend. Callie the cat was recently adopted. Kiwi wasn't quite sure about Callie at first. The two cats are now best friends.
Kyle needed extra points in history. He asked his teacher for an extra assignment. The teacher told him to watch a documentary and write a paper. Kyle took notes while watching the documentary. He wrote the paper for his class.
I came home to a text from my ex husband. He wanted to know our son's social security number. When I asked why he needed it, he would not reply. I asked again with no response. I decided I did not trust him and would not comply.
The club decided to have a bonfire on the last night of their trip. A few members gathered wood to start a fire. After the fire was started, they gathered around it. They told ghost stories and shared gossip. They went to bed when the fire started to dissipate.
May was a science teacher at a local high school. She had been teaching for 40 years. She was happy to be near retirement. As a new semester began she found herself less involved. She handed out assignments and browsed the internet all day.
A goose waddled up to the house. It quacked a lot. It was begging for food. The homeowner clapped and yelled at it. The goose gave up and tried a different house.
Sue knew there was going to be a quiz. She forgot to study. When she got to class, she tried to study. However, she did not have time to study enough. Sue failed her quiz and her average dropped.
David delivers pizza to an old man. The man is upset the pizza was late. David tries to convince the man he's senile. The pizza was truly 20 minutes late. David fails and receives no tip.
Lisa was getting a tattoo. She was kind of nervous. All her friends were getting them too. She was afraid it would hurt. Lucky for her it was not as bad as she thought.
Kelsi was excited to try out bright red hair for the first time. She opened up the box of dye and followed the instructions. To her surprise, the dye stung her head while she was waiting. As she rinsed it out, she was in a bit of shock to see the color. She laughed in the mirror as it was a crazy color.
Dan enjoyed to scuba dive. He enjoyed searching for strange creatures. One day he noticed many crab shells littering the sea bottom. Suddenly a large octopus reached out startling him. Dan quickly swam to safety at the surface.
Julian's mom gave him a list and sent him shopping. He walked to the store holding tightly to it in his hand. Unfortunately, when he was almost there, the wind blew it away. He bought as many of the things as he could remember were on it. When he got home, his mother was not upset with him at all.
Bee was nervous to go on vacation. He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish. He put the vacation feeder in the tank and left, still worried. The whole trip, he fretted about his fish. But when he got home, there they were, happy and healthy as always!
DJ had an idea for a vampire movie. He called Kurt and told him to bring a costume and fake teeth. Kurt went to the store to buy the props. When Kurt arrived at DJ's house, DJ already had the script written. DJ told Kurt he was going to play the main character.
Stephanie had a big secret. She wanted to be the first to beat all her friends at chess. She didn't want them to know and faked being bad at chess for years. One day, she challenged them all to a game of chess. She won all the games and felt extremely powerful and bright.
Peter treasured his comic book collection. He spent a lot of time organizing and taking care of it. He placed the more valuable issues in plastic covers. His little brother asked to look at them and Peter hesitated. He usually didn't let anyone play with them, but made an exception.
Ed was hiking in the woods. Suddenly he saw something out of the corner of his eye. It was a pack of wolves! Terrified, he climbed into the nearest tree. There he stayed until they had moved on.
Jane liked this part of the routine the best. She got ready to get down on all fours. The instructor called out for the downward dog position. Jane got down in no time to go through the movements. Jane got back up to a sitting position when she was done.
I woke up one morning and my newborn baby was screaming. My wife checked his diaper, but it appeared to be fine. She asked me if I could go and make a bottle for the baby. I left the room and walked to the kitchen and prepared a bottle. I came back, gave the baby the bottle, and then the screaming stopped.
Every night Carrie was woken up at midnight. There would be a loud slam and a bang in the hallway. One night she decided to confront the stranger. She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting. The stranger just ignored her and walked away.
Tan wanted to make her mom's famous chicken soup. But she was not as good a cook as her mom, and it came out wrong. Tan gave it another try, but she changed a few things. She used chicken broth, pre made, and added store-bought noodles. This time, Tan's soup came out tasty and delicious!
The wind howled loudly, carrying sheets of cold, stinging rain. Alex's tears could hardly be seen against the water drenching them. They couldn't believe their dog AND doll had been lost to one storm. Suddenly, the sound of paws slapping against wet concrete drew near! It was Hattie, bounding home with the missing doll in her mouth!
Enrique is driving his friends home from the club. He has four different people to take home. He takes the first person home. He drops off the second and third person off. On the way to the 4th person's house he runs out of gas.
Joy went outside to fill the water bowl for the dogs. In the garden next to the bowl she saw a salamander. Joy picked the dark,moist amphibian. Joy looked for a better spot for the salamander. She placed the salamander in the garden next to the koi pond.
Anna was hired to make hoagies at her local diner. She thought it would be a very easy job. But during rush hours, she had a dozen orders at a time! Anna had to get very fast, very quickly! Luckily, she learned fast and loved the fast pace!
We went to see a movie. It was an adult comedy. Since the kids were at home, we didn't feel guilty. We enjoyed the film. Afterwards we went out to dinner.
Oliver wanted to do yoga in the morning. He bought a DVD and followed it for a few days. As he felt he was not doing very well, he pushed himself. He hurt his wrist doing so and had to stop. Now he's a lot more careful when practicing yoga.
Genevieve bought cookies and lemonade. She set up a lemonade stand. She sold lots of lemonade and cookies. Later, she took down her stand and counted her money. She was happy to have made 5 dollars.
Kiki was looking for a job to save up money to move out. She looked through many websites, newspapers, and asked around. Her neighbor told her that one place was hiring several miles away. Kiki didn't have a car so she made a deal with her neighbor. Kiki now gets to work everyday while her neighbor gets money for gas.
My kids were hungry at lunchtime. They are picky eaters and didn't want anything I offered them. I told them to choose what they wanted to eat. They ate some peanut butter straight out of the jar. The kids were fed and I was satisfied.
My cousin got into an argument with her boyfriend. As a result, she offered his basketball ticket to me. Since I felt bad for her, I decided to take it. However, I had to pay $40 for parking. She didn't say a word during the game since I was mad.
It was time for candy. The Jepsons always made lots of candy for the holidays. They made cookies and fudge, but the best was their pretzels. They ran out of pretzels this year. Many in the family were sad for days.
Anna loves chocolate. For her birthday she ordered a large chocolate cake. At the party, she cut into the cake and was shocked to see vanilla. The bakery had made a terrible mistake. Anna was very disappointed about the birthday cake.
Horace notices that his glasses have become greasy. He decides he needs to clean them to see better. Horace buys a nice tissue to clean off his glasses. He diligently cleans all the grease from his glasses. Horace is so happy to no longer have greasy glasses.
I was looking for an address in a small town. It was evening. I walked down the street. Someone chased me in their car. I ran to my car quickly.
Zoila is 65 but she does not want to retire from work. She worries that too much time on her hands if she's retired. She has decided to cut her hours down to 3 days a week. She loves her boss and is happy with the arrangement. Zoila knows it is a good deal for her to work a little less now.
As a child I often went too my grandma's house. It was always such a pleasant experience. She would let me help bake fresh cookies. We would then sit and she would tell me stories while we enjoyed them. Her home is now a place I take my children.
Leah found $20 on the ground. She looked around, but one one else was around. She shrugged and decided there was no way to find its owner. Leah pocketed the bill. Then she walked away, smiling at her good fortune!
Mary and john were newly married but they were already arguing a lot. They decided to seek counseling. The counselor said they both should listen to each other more. Mary and John took the advice to heart. Although they still argue, it's not as much since the counseling.
Eric hated snakes. He was on a field trip to the zoo with his classmates. Eric saw a large boa constrictor in one of the exhibits. Eric screamed in terror! His teacher had to take him outside to calm him down.
Alex believes that god is real. Richard, his friend, is constantly arguing with him about it. One day they get stuck in a forest. Alex prays for help. Help soon arrives, saving them from the endeavour.
Sam had a favorite shirt. He wore it all the time. One day he got a hole in it. Sam went online and found the same one. He bought three more pairs.
Joe had a weight problem. It was caused by his addiction to chocolate. He couldn't resist chocolate cake or candy. He finally found a solution to his problem. He bought chocolate-flavored protein powder.
Mitch found an old photo album under his bed. Curious, he flipped through some of the pages. Childhood images and old friends flashed before his eyes. His mind was flooded with old memories from his youth. The rest of the day Mitch was in a nostalgic mood.
Tom and Sue decided to have a picnic in the park. They packed cold chicken and potato salad along with drinks. They sat on a blanket along with the food. Tom and Sue decided then they would play frisbee for awhile. They return to their blanket to discover ants had invaded their meal.
Ben was working on a roof. He accidentally stepped on a long nail. The nail went through his shoe and into his foot. Ben was in so much pain! He had to leave work to go get the nail removed right away.
Robert was fishing by the lake. He fell asleep on the shore. A fish bit on his line. The fish pulled the rod into the water. When Robert woke up, he began looking for the rod and reel.
When I was a boy my dad would read me bedtime stories. He would read me really nice stories. The stories were so nice they would help me go to sleep. I really enjoyed having him tell me stories. Sometimes I wish he still did that for me.
Tom noticed he was gaining weight. He didn't think t was a problem at first. He realized his old belt didn't fit right anymore. He really liked that belt and admitted he had a problem. Tom started working out and eating better.
The woman made a stew. She threw everything that was in the fridge into it. Some of those things were rotting. She fed her husband the stew. The husband almost got sick.
I love Mexican food and I specifically love tacos. There was this taco stand right down the street from where I lived. I used to go there almost every night after work. Then one day it was gone and I wast told the man who would then died. I felt bad and now I have to find a new place to get tacos.
Ann loved candy so much and was addicted. Everyday she would go and buy some from the store. But when the dentist came it was not pretty. Ann found out she had six cavities. She was horrified and never ate candy again.
Tom was using his car's cigarette outlet. He was charging his phone with it. It stopped working. Tom realized a fuse was blown out. He replaced it and it worked again.
I read about people buying things from Goodwill to sell. I found two brand new car amplifiers at the local Goodwill I purchased them for 15 dollars each. I listed them on Ebay. I sold them for 400 dollars each.
Johnny wanted to win the huge chocolate bunny. But he had to collect the most eggs in the egg hunt. His strategy was to run past the other kids. That way he'd be alone in an area to pick up eggs. His strategy worked so well he had twelve more eggs than anyone else.
Sam wanted to buy a football jersey. He knew he could not afford one. He decided to save up. He finally had enough to buy the one he wanted. He was so excited when he had enough money.
Every Halloween my mother would carve an elaborate jack o' lantern. One Halloween a couple of kids smashed the jack o' lantern. My mother had seen the kids do it and chased them down the street. She caught one of the kids and the kid was scared and began to cry. She then smiled and told him to go home.
Gina's books had arrived at the library near her home. She had been waiting for them to arrive for 3 days. Now that they had arrived she would be able to complete an assignment. She was very happy to finally have the books. Gina walked to the library with a smile on her face.
For Halloween me and my sister wanted to dress as witches. Neither of us wanted to change our idea. Eventually we came to a truce. One would be a good witch and the other would be bad. Now to choose who is who.
Jane's tennis serve was awful! Her overall play was very good except for her serve. Jane realized she needed professional training. She hired the best tennis trainer and she practiced every day. Jane won the next tennis match and, eventually, the championship!
Will like to play Jesse in Madden. He was already down four games. Will challenged him to a final game. Will practiced for days. He lost 45 to nothing.
Tom went hiking. He hiked for a long time. He wondered when the trail would end. He finally sat down and cried. Then he looked and saw he was right at the end of the trail.
Tom was riding his bicycle. He hit a curb too hard. It bent the rim of his tire. Tom was no longer able to ride it. He had to walk the bike home.
I play internet chess online, with a 1300 point rating. I play money to the ICC, as they offer better players. Today I played an 1100 level player called Machine. He played well above that level, beating me several times. I finally won one game and signed off.
The kids loved playing with their dad. He was funny and caring. They looked forward to him getting home every night. Then they would throw a football around. Quality time with their dad was their favorite.
Preston was the best sax player in the band. He worked very hard and and always practiced. When Preston left for college, he majored in music. He applied his same study habits as his practice habits. He succeeded in his goals.
Alex was learning how to cook. She couldn't even boil water. She tried to cook rice. It stuck to the pot. Alex has a lot of learning.
Lester dreamed of becoming a guitar player. He decided to buy a guitar and start practicing. Lester slowly became a better guitar player. He was committed to practicing. Lester was happy to be closer to his dream.
I usually leave work at five o'clock. I always hit a lot of traffic because of rush hour. It ends up taking me twice as long to get home. So I decided to leave at six o'clock instead. Now it only takes me half the time to get home.
Jim works for a nearby power plant. He knows all about the process of generating electricity. He took us on a tour last week. My friend, who is an electrical engineer, was enthralled. He's considering applying for a job there soon.
Gina needed a better paying job. She applied at a bank near her home. A week later she received phone call for an interview. They set it up for 2 days later. She was certain the interview would go well.
I was fired from my job. I decided to travel before looking for another job. I decided to go to Chile. I loved Chile! I decided to stay in Chile and teach English.
Jasper notices his hands are very cold when he drives to work. He decides he needs a good pair of gloves to keep his hands warm. He looks for a pair that is high quality but not too expensive. Finally he buys a pair that he loves. Now Jasper has nice warm hands when he drives to work.
My dad and I were driving to see my uncle. My dad's cell phone started to ring. He could not find it. I pulled over. It was in my pocket.
Nick played many instruments. He was grade 6 in guitar, piano and violin. He decided to go to university to study music. After graduating, he wanted nothing to do with classical instruments. He was very much into electronic dance music now.
Tim wanted to purchase a new car. He asked his friend for his opinion. His friend recommended a reliable Toyota Corolla. Tim listened to his friend. Tim purchased a new Toyota Corolla.
Pat was always tired. He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more. One morning he decided to stop and get coffee. His whole body tingled and felt alive. Pat has now been awake for two days.
Tyson was Jeff's pet dog. One day Tyson started to choke on his food. Jeff quickly called the pet emergency number. A vet talked him through what to do over the phone. Jeff saved Tyson and he is now okay.
Max taught eighth grade history. He had all of his students do a project on their family history. At the end of the year he hosted a banquet for all of his students. At the banquet the students shared their family history projects. Everyone was very interested to hear about Max's family history.
We watched a movie about Pee Wee to reminisce. We both remembered watching it as kids. Then the scene with Large Marge came on. I jumped as hard as I did as a child. My husband laughed at my response, but she was scary.
Patty was at the grocery store. She was looking through the produce. Suddenly a woman nearby fell to the ground. Patty rushed over to her and helped her. She stayed with the woman until paramedics arrived.
There was a pretty girl named Jill. She thought she was the most beautiful girl in the world. Because of this, she thought she should have whatever she wanted. She treated everyone as inferiors. She never had any friends and ultimately was miserable.
Nicole posted a nude photo of herself to an anonymous account. She thought it was safe because it was run by her college. She started to freak out that her boyfriend might recognize her. The pictures were posted to Snapchat by the account. Nicole promised herself she'd stop making decisions while drunk.
Amy was about to begin high school. Amy needed to buy new clothes because of a new uniform code. She went online to several different uniform sites. Amy got everything before the school year began. On her first day of school she was dressed just like everyone else.
Curtis was moving away with his family. He was sad that he had to go. All his friends came to say goodbye. Curtis cried with all of them, but promised to visit. Finally he left with his family for a new life.
The kids took a great picture together. Their mom put it in a frame in the living room. She loved looking at it every day. The next year, the kids took another picture. The mom put that one next to the first one.
Patty begged her parents for a speckled pup for her birthday. Her parents went to get a dog from the shelter as a surprise. When Patty saw the all-white puppy, she was disappointed. The next day, Patty looked happy again. Her parents saw she had drawn spots on the puppy.
Ana was on a trip to visit Santa Fe. She was looking for a perfect souvenir for her mother. Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace! She bought it right away and took it to her mom. Her mother examined it and said it was the loveliest necklace ever!
Jimmy was talking with Krystal. He tried to ask her out. She immediately refused and called him disgusting. After hearing that, Jimmy continued to comment her. She eventually left to go to work.
Bill went into the bank one morning to deposit a check. Suddenly, a man in a mask ordered everyone to drop to the ground. Bill worried that the man would hurt him and the other hostages. A bank employee pushed an emergency button under a desk. Police came and rescued Bill and the other patrons.
Our condo has a swimming pool. One night a few residents were drinking at the pool. The super came by and told them to get out. He got into a fist fight with one of the residents. The police were called but no charges were filed.
The snow fell over the small town overnight. A man woke up to find his car covered in snow. He hopped out of bed and began to clear it off. When he was done he shoveled out his driveway as well. The man got into his car and drove to work.
Tom's neighbors had a bird. He would be really loud whenever they left their apartment. Tom brought it up to their attention. They didn't do anything about it. Tom eventually had to tell his landlord about it.
Tara slammed the front door behind her. The force of it shattered the glass. She gasped in shock at what she'd done. Her parents raced in from the next room. Instead of yelling at her, they hugged her, glad she was okay.
Tina decided to take flying lessons. When she stepped into the plane it felt amazing. Yet when she was flying, for a second she panicked. The weather was getting cloudy. Thankfully she was able to land the plane safely.
My Uncle decided to set up the fireworks. The wind managed to push the box. It fell, with the fireworks facing the direction of my family. It ignited and attacked my family. They got out of their seats in order to avoid being burned.
Roger was hungry. He checked the fridge. The fridge was empty. Roger went to the store. He came home with lots of food.
John needed to finish reading a novel for his English class. But he had trouble focusing. He switched between reading and browsing the internet. So he wasn't reading the novel as fast as he could have. Eventually, John became too tired to do either task.
Adam lived alone. He had a three bedroom apartment. Adam's rent was going up. He decided to switch to a smaller apartment. Adam saved money with the small place.
Jim was eating leftovers. He hated eating yesterday's dinner. He complained to his mother about it. His mother explained that they were low on money. Jim never complained about leftovers again.
Mike and his family were playing doubles ping pong. Mike was upset that his sister was on his team. So he decided to play worse on purpose. Mike's sister complained. So everyone decided to switch teams.
David was thirsty. So he grabbed a can of cola. The acid in the soda stripped his throat. That made him even more thirsty. David learned to drink water instead.
Alice's son wasn't feeling well. He had gone to school anyway. Alice got a call from school. Her son was now running a fever. Alice went pick up her son from school.
A tow truck was called to a lake. The tow truck drive, Jim, got there and looked for the car. He was approached by another man, Ed. Ed told him that the car was in the bottom of the lake. Jim told him that he could not help him.
Jim hated taking out the garbage. Jim went to take out the garbage this morning. As he was carrying the garbage bag it ripped. Garbage spilled out everywhere. Jim had to pick up the garbage with his hands.
Bob was running the marathon. He started getting tired around the 2 miles into the race. He stopped to drink some water. After resting for a few minutes, he completed the race. Bob was so proud that he overcame his physical adversity.
Only a few more hours until the sun came up. Jim had to hurry. He was trying to make it to the top of the mountain before sunrise. Just as he reached the top, the sun shone over the ridge. Jim was very happy!
We did not see any bears. We scanned every river. We looked from boats. We thought we would find one. This was on our trip to Alaska.
Catherine didn't like men who snored. Yet her new boyfriend snored every night. She didn't know what to do as she loved him so much. Eventually she talked to him despite her fears. And he accepted to consult someone to help him with his snoring.
George loved to read. He bought a new book to read at night. He got so into the book that he read for hours. When George finished the book, he looked for a sequel. This was his new favorite author!
Bob spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting. It looked like he peed his pants. Bob tried to give his presentation seated but the boss wouldn't allow. When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself. Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it.
Christy had always wanted a new car. She told her husband about her dream and he just smiled. Christy knew they couldn't afford it and quickly forgot about it. On Christmas morning Christy's husband told her to look in the garage. Right there before her eyes was a brand new car complete with a bow.
Tia wanted to make a dress. She bought patterns and fabric. But as she tried to cut out her pieces, she became frustrated. Tia realized that dressmaking was very difficult. She decided to just buy herself a dress at the store instead.
Liz was shaving for the beach. She accidentally cut herself. It was deeper than expected. Eventually Liz thought it was healed. When the salt water it she realized it wasn't.
When I first moved here I was very poor. In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot. I didn't mind for a while but after a few months it got tiresome. I was excited when I recently got a better paying job. The extra money would help me add variety to my diet.
The women all chatted online. They were friends through a message board. They'd been posting there for years. It was a great place to make friends. They valued their online friendships a lot.
Squinty was the name of a boy his friends gave him He had to squint if he didn't have his glasses. One day he broke his glasses in half. Everyone in class saw how he had to squint to see anything. It wasn't an inside joke anymore so everyone called him Squinty.
My wife likes to eat in diners. Today she mentioned visiting one in a nearby town. She had seen an article in the paper about this diner. She pulled up the article and it said the diner went out of business. We ended up at the IHOP.
Jerry was feeling a bit blue. There was laughter down on the streets below him. He wanted to be a part of it. Jerry closed his eyes. He jumped.
Haddie got up and got ready for work. She put on a pair of lightweight pants and a thin blouse. When she opened the door to leave, she couldn't believe her eyes. It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle. She called in to work, took the day off and built a snowman instead!
Jen was awaiting the new album by lil gil. The album was coming out the next day. When the day came, she rushed out to buy it. By the time she got there, there were no more cds. They sold out in an hour.
Bright and early I left for work at my usual time. This was my first Black Friday working at the mall. I pulled into the parking lot and started looking for parking. Fifteen minutes later i finally found one. I was late for work, next year I'll leave early.
Thursday was my cousin's son's birthday. His name is Gary Edward, but we called him GE. HE turned 23. My wife, who used to mind him as a child, posted a photo of GE at two. The photo got a lot of likes and favorable comments.
Jake opened the gift his aunt gave him for Christmas. He was excited to see a Spider Man silly string web slinger. It sat on his wrist and shot silly string when he pulled a trigger. His mother said he could play as long as he went outside. Jake shot the silly string all over the walls inside instead.
Beth and Chris were in a relationship together. They wanted to do something fun and romantic together. Beth suggested they drive to Niagara Falls. They drove to the waterfall. They were in awe from the experience and enjoyed themselves.
Sally wasn't very familiar with snakes, and had never seen a wild one. She and her cousin liked to jump from rock to rock in the river. She was very scared when a snake appeared right below her. Chris convinced her to stay calm while he moved the snake carefully. She was grateful, and rather proud of herself for being so calm.
My neighbor saw something moving in the grass in his yard. It was a large rat snake, about four feet long! He knew it was harmless and was afraid someone would kill it. He used a large garbage can to scoop the snake up. He then carried it into the nearby woods and safely released it.
Miles loved to collect rocks. He went searching for rocks one day in the desert. He searched high and low. He found many new rocks for his collection. Now his collection is to be envied.
Jane notices that her toenails have grown long and uneven. She decides to clip them one day. Jane carefully clips each toenail. Finally they are perfect. She is happy that she finally clipped her toenails.
Alison wanted to go to the theme park. She decided to take all her friends with her. When her friends got there they started driving. When they were on the road it took forever. When they got there Kelly was relieved.
Charles loves the breakfast sandwiches from Mcdonald's. He learned a way to buy one sandwich and get one free. One just has to fill out a survey. He used the offer once a day for a week. Finally Mcdonald's blocked his IP address from taking the survey.
One day Eric decided to build a bomb shelter. He got to work building the rooms. Then he started storing food. Then he brought entertainment. When he was done he was proud of himself.
Tom wanted to become a better boxer. He saw training footage of the boxing champion of the world. He saw the man shadow boxing while running. Tom copied this training method. Tom saw his skills improve after practicing the new training method.
There was a weather prediction of lightning. When the lifeguard checked the sky she saw ominous clouds. She asked everyone to get out of the water. The swimmers all complained. The lifeguard ignored their complaints and cleared the beach.
My husband gets lonely at his lunch time sometimes. He calls me often. One time he called me and distracted me from my job. My boss got angry. I got written up for talking on the phone.
Gina was walking home from the park. A dog that was loose at the park had begun following her home. She stopped and let the dog catch up with her. The friendly dog licked her hand, and looked up at her. She decided she would ask her mom if she could keep the dog.
My wife is retiring. I am trying to watch any movies I recorded. She does not like to watch independent and foreign movies. Today I watched Slingblade while she was working. I will watch another movie on Monday.
My grandmother's doctor had an accent she couldn't understand. My grandmother stopped trying to talk to her doctor. The doctor missed warning signs which she attributed to old age. My grandmother had a rare uterine cancer that went undetected. By the time the cancer was diagnosed, my grandmother needed hospice.
I can't drive without music being played in the background. I get so bored in the car. I have to listen to something to keep myself entertain. The music also helps me relax while driving. Music makes me better driver and more focus.
Dwayne is chosen to be lead actor in a movie. Dwayne arrives on set. Dwayne films the movie for 3 months. Dwayne helps edit the movie. Dwayne goes home having finished the movie.
The hunter was looking for deer in the woods. There were no deer to be found and he was annoyed. Soon later a hiker entered the hunter's field of view. The hunter shot a round at a tree next to the hiker. The hunter smiled and the hunt was on again.
Kate was an aspiring artist. She took a trip to Paris to see museums and get art ideas. Her first stop was the Louvre. There, she admired the paintings, like the Mona Lisa. Kate got so much inspiration from the Louvre.
Lacey was a great cook. She wanted to try something new. She found a recipe for fish tacos. She cooked the fish and made the slaw. They were delicious!
Laura's old cat had died when she was little. Laura's mom missed having a cat, and it was her mom's birthday. Laura's friend at school was moving, and had to give away her cat. Laura brought a carrier to school, brought the cat home, and hid it. That night, Laura surprised her mom with a cake and the new cat.
William came over to Isaac's house. They both went outside to play. William and Isaac kicked a soccer ball together. They began to get tired. They both went back inside Isaac's house.
Lucy was sitting on the porch at her grandparents. She had no friends, and nothing to do. She went for a walk down the block. She picked up a stick and played drums on a fence. She decided she had better stop when the owner opened their door.
Beth had failed to run up a steep hill in track practice. She decided to return on her own and face the hill. Amy decided to go with her for support. Amy and Beth ran up the hill together. Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top.
Something was obviously going wrong. The baby's heart rate was dropping. At times it seemed to stop completely. She told the nurses, who let it go for hours. She demanded they call a doctor.
Alissa received an invitation to her class reunion. She reluctantly decided that she would attend it. The night of the reunion, she saw many people she used to know. A girl who once bullied her came up to her and apologized. Alissa was shocked that her bully still remembered about this.
Amy went to the Mall of America. She parked her car and went shopping. When it was time to go home she went to the parking garage. Amy couldn't find  her car. She walked around for an hour before she found her car.
As I put my son to sleep it began to rain. About a half hour later the storm became for intense. Then a loud boom from thunder filled the house and the power went out. The next thing I heard was my son walking down the hall. He was frightened so I let him sleep in my bed.
Erin and Sam wanted chocolate strawberries. They went to the store to buy some. In the parking lot Erin ran into another vehicle. The driver was really mad. She had to pay a lot to fix the car.
Bray's granddad had had a stroke. Bray went to see him in the hospital. He feared his granddad would be enfeebled and ill. But then he saw that his granddad was still his old self, just weaker. Bray was relieved that his granddad was okay.
Erica was on the cross country team. She trained everyday by running 5 miles. She had a meet this weekend. Her parents eagerly watched her run in the race. Her parents cheered when Erica placed 1st place.
Laura missed her puppy a lot! She wasn't sure when she'd see her again. Laura was very sad over missing her puppy, Callie. So sad that she cried one night! The next day Laura decided to go see Callie and she was happy.
Karyn drove to the hardware store. When she finished, she couldn't find her car keys. She had locked them inside the car. She called her husband who came and unlocked the door. Karyn was able to drive home.
Travis took a wrong turn and got lost in the desert. He stopped at a gas station and bought a soda. He looked into the distance and saw a giant water park. Travis started running and then stopped. He realized he was chasing a mirage.
The man broke off a piece of chocolate. He put it in his coffee. It was not sweet enough. He threw the coffee away. He went to a coffee shop and ordered a mocha.
My husband David loves to mess with his twin brother. Aaron, his brother, always has a big glass of water next to his bed. One night, while on vacation, David Swapped the water for Vodka. Aaron wakes up, and takes a few large gulps, expecting to be refreshed. I think I learned a few new curse words from Aaron that morning.
Five year old Michael wanted a piece of cake. Michael's mom brought home a cake for her husband's birthday. Michael found the cake his mom had bought on the kitchen table. Michael began pawing at the cake with his hand and eating it. Thirty minutes later Michael had eaten the entire cake.
The manager at the grocery store was the only who could make keys. Gina had already been waiting 20 minutes. And she thought this was going to be a quick trip. Gina waited as the manager slowly created a new key for her. After paying she grabbed her key and ran all the way home.
My sister brought me a won-ton soup. I enjoyed it since the hospital food was bad. I left it on my desk before going to sleep. My physician asked how long it's been out. When I said it was out for a day, she threw it.
Hillary has an English exam in two days. She has been trying to study. However, she has also been sick. On the day of the test, Hillary got very nervous. She ended up not going to school and had to make it up.
Jeff was a fireman who was upset that there weren't any fires. He walked through town and handed out matches to all the kids he saw. Be the time he got back to the station there were 3 calls about fires. Jeff was very excited that his evil plan had paid off. The next day he decided that he will hand out lighters too.
We had a naming ceremony for our granddaughter in 2014. It was a Chinese ceremony. We served hard boiled red eggs and ginger candy. My in-laws, who are Dominican, ate a lot of the ginger candy. I was surprised, as many guests did not eat the candy.
When applying for university, my application was declined. I felt really disappointed and emotional. Arriving home, my mum told me to phone them up to have a chat. We discussed mitigating circumstances that had impacted upon my exams. A week later, I was offered a place at my chosen university.
Jordan was taking a dance class. It was time for her recital. Jordan practiced her routine at home. She performed flawlessly on the stage. Her family was very proud of her.
Phil had seen an ad in the paper about the submarine. They were offering rides for 50 dollars. It was too good to pass up for Phil. He simply had to go on a submarine ride. Once onboard it was everything he thought it would be and more.
Don sat on the bench worried his team would lose the final. His job was to encourage the bad baseball  players to perform well. One of the worst team members was up to bat. Don yelled out words of encouragement to support him. The team member then swung his bat and won the game for his team.
Michael likes to workout extensively. He wants to go for a personal record in the deadlift. He practices for a while before he builds the courage to go for it. He finally feels he's ready for the lift after a few months. He beats his old personal record by a few pounds.
Lukas and Mary went to make sandwiched. They got the peanut butter out of the cupboard. They also grabbed the jelly. Then they realized they were out of bread. They decided to make soup instead.
Chase was a guitar player in a local band. He broke his finger in a bike accident. Chase wasn't able to play the guitar for a few weeks. The band took a short break for a couple of months. They began picking up gigs again when Chase had healed.
My best friend got married and moved to Hawaii. After a year, I decided to fly out and see him. We had a great time and hiked a few mountains. He told me on the top of the mountain he was going to be a father. We celebrated for days and I left for home at the end of the week.
Initially, I thought I was looking at a bird with no head. It had only a body and legs, and was standing in a pool of water. It ignored all the fish that were swimming around it. Then the bird's head peeked out from under its wing. It had been sleeping with its head tucked under its wing.
The man's phone rang. He checked the number. He didn't recognize the number. He decided not to answer. He never got a call from that number again.
Desi could not figure out why she smelled. One day, her sister noticed Desi's foot was infected. Desi had not been able to see her foot because of her weight. She had to go to the hospital. Later Desi had her foot amputated.
The baby just learned to crawl around. He crawled to the coffee table. He reached for the ice coffee. The coffee spilled all over the baby. The baby get's cleaned up.
Esme thought ducks were the cutest of all animals. She wished that she lived near a park with a duck pond. She made a special trip to go to one, and took bread to feed them. The group of ducks became very large and aggressive and swarmed her. Esme no longer thinks ducks are very cute at all.
Carl was arriving home from the airport. He wanted to save on a taxi. He asked a friend if they could pick him up. The friend agreed. Carl bought them dinner as a way of thanking them.
It was game day and my friends and I were ready for our game. We were playing the best baseball team in the state. The game started and we took an early lead. After a tough, grueling game, we were able to win! My teammates and I celebrated in the locker room after the win.
John had a girlfriend in high school. John introduced his girlfriend to his friend Joe. John's girlfriend decided she would rather date Joe. Joe decided it would be okay to date John's girlfriend. John lost both his friend and his girlfriend that day.
My friend invited us to the lake last weekend. We grilled out and had some beers. He decided to take us out on the boat. Unfortunately he had too much to drink. He wound up crashing into the peer.
There was a student who was afraid of using pencils. He always felt more comfortable writing in pen. The teacher made him write in pencil for his exam. He was nervous but did it anyway. He still to this day doesn't like pencil.
Susie got lost. Thankfully she got gps. Susie was happy about that. Finally she found her way. It took awhile but she did it.
Seth's grandparents bought him some drums. Seth was excited to learn. He would practice every day. Eventually it was too annoying for his parents. He was asked to practice less often.
Dan noticed his dog kept scratching himself. He took it to the vet where they told him it had fleas. They gave him some medicine that would kill them. Dan's dog hated the medicine. He had to be tricked into letting them give it to him.
The couple was taking a romantic honeymoon. They were going to Italy for a week. They couldn't wait to eat pasta and drink wine. They took lots of pictures of their experiences. It was an amazing trip!
Lucas was feeling very cynical around Christmas. Things had been really disappointing in his life. One day, his friend gave him a really thoughtful Christmas gift. The care put into the gift really meant a lot to Lucas. He decided he should go get his friend a good gift, too.
Gina's parents played spades. But she and her siblings weren't allowed to watch. Gina would make excuses to go into the dining room and watch. She would stay until her parents made her leave. Gina realized she wanted to learn how to play herself.
I am a substitute teacher. When I get called to teach, sometimes it is an emergency. I was called to teach for someone whose appendix burst once. I had to rush to the school to teach for her that day. The teacher was very thankful that I could help her on short notice.
Sam was watching television. A commercial came on about shampoo for male pattern baldness. Sam decided to buy some of the shampoo online. Sam tried the shampoo for one week. Sam's hair did not grow back.
The woman had a baby. The doctor declared it healthy. The woman celebrated verbally. The doctor joined in. The woman in the waiting room wondered what the noise was.
Tom was walking to work. Someone closed the door on his face. Tom fell back on the floor and hit his head. He was knocked out. Tom had to be taken to the hospital.
The quarterback received the ball. As soon as his opponents were coming after him, he threw the ball. It was moving towards the wide receiver. However, the opponent caught it. He managed to run towards the opposite side of the field.
Four-year old Emily decided to help her mother by doing the dishes. After loading the dishes, she poured dish soap into the machine. But she poured too much of the wrong kind. Soon the machine was spewing bubbles everywhere! Emily and her mother spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning up!
Every year my in-laws take my family to Disney World. We stay at one of the resorts right on the grounds. We visit the parks and stay late every night. By the end of the week we are all exhausted and ready to go home. But we are always ready to go back when the next year rolls around.
Sean and Sara didn't have a lot of clothes. They also were very poor. One day, they saw a huge sale on clothes online. They decided to go ahead and order some stuff. They had to work extra to make enough money to cover it all.
Ana liked to chew on the cap of her pen. When she went to the dentist he made a surprised exclamation. He found blue plastic coating the tops of her teeth! The dentist cleaned Ana's teeth and got all the plastic off them. He then told her she really needed to stop chewing on her pens.
Jenny loved sweets. She loved chocolate, hard candy, and cookies. Jenny didn't always remember to brush her teeth. When she went to the dentist, he found three cavities on her x-ray. Her parents made her give up sweets except on special occasions.
The town gathered on the street. It was time for the annual Christmas parade! The floats drove by slowly. Kids caught and collected candy. It was a fun family tradition.
Seth has a friend who invites him to be his best man to a wedding. Seth tells his friend he will be his best man. The day of the wedding and Seth is nowhere to be found. His friends all look for him everywhere. Seth did not come to the wedding.
Sixteen was too old to go to Disneyland, Jen thought. Nevertheless, she had no choice but to go with her family. She sat through most of the rides with a neutral expression. By the time a few hours had past, she started to enjoy herself. When they went home, she secretly felt a bit ashamed.
Jon owned a small business. He decided not to pay his taxes. The IRS figured out what he did. They fined him thousands of dollars. Jon realized he should pay his taxes.
I am Chinese. I kept getting my neighbor's mail as we had the same last name. This continued even though I moved miles away. Yesterday I got a Chinese edition of Boston Magazine addressed to her. I mailed it to my neighbor.
Michael always complained at work. Everyone started noticing how much he complained. His friends approached him to as to why he was complaining so much. Michael revealed that he was having problems at home He promised to not bring his problems to work anymore.
Alex was at a restaurant with a friend. His friend had ordered an appetizer. Alex tried part of the appetizer. He really liked the appetizer. Alex bought one of the appetizers to take home for himself.
Lenny was laying on his couch watching TV. His cat came inside and jumped into his lap. Lenny began scratching the cat when he noticed the bugs in it's fur. He put the cat in the bathroom. Then, he quickly went out and bought some bug cream.
The woman loved making her house feel homey. She would have lots of candles lit in the kitchen. They were warm and made it smell so good! Everyone that visited commented on how cozy her house was. She made sure to always have candles on hand.
Liv was a budding artist and she loved painting. She wanted to go to art classes, but her school didn't offer any! So Liv got together with her friends and began brainstorming. They decided to form their own art group at the high school. They made an after-school art club and named Liv president!
Tom managed 5 employees at a company. He wanted to explain an important business concept to them. He tried to talk with them about it. People struggled to comprehend. He began drawing on a white board and people started understanding.
My son's friend returned from Texas to Boston this week. He went to Texas to find himself. When he returned he needed a job. He wore a tie for an interview as a janitor. My son wondered if he was a bit overdressed.
Little Timmy created a club. His friends would enter a room full of fun games. He had fun with his friends. However, one day several strangers came in. So he created a password to only let his friends in.
Rob was an angry gamer. When he got mad at a game yesterday he broke the screen. He couldn't play any games without a screen. He dug through his old stuff. He found another screen and plugged it in.
Brian was waiting for his college acceptance letter. He has been waiting for weeks anxiously. He finally got the letter in the mail regarding his acceptance. Brian tore the letter open without hesitation. He got accepted to the college of his choice.
Faith's car wouldn't start one morning. She had it towed to the car repair shop. The mechanic said that the car had big problems. Faith sold the car for scrap instead of repairing it. Now Faith rides the bus while she saves for a new car.
Janie's fourth grade class was having a Valentine's Day party. She picked out a special card for Mikey, who she had a crush on. She gave him his card but he didn't give one to her. She was really disappointed. Later she found he had slid a card with candy into her backpack.
Mary played outside all day. She grew very muddy. At dusk her mom called her inside. Then she gave Mary a sudsy bubble bath. Mary emerged nice and clean again!
Frank was terrified of going to the dentist for the first time. His big brother told him that it was going to hurt. The cleaning didn't hurt, but he hadn't seen the dentist yet. He was shaking when the dentist came into the room. He poked around a few minutes and it was all over with no pain at all.
All the kids in the neighborhood gathered at night. They loved to play flashlight tag together. James reminded them all of the rules. Soon, they scattered and hid. They played for hours, until their parents called them in.
Anna's dog ran away. She was distraught! She put up signs all over the neighborhood. Then a stranger called. He had thankfully found Anna's dog!
We had to stay quiet after lunch. They made us put our heads down on our desks. The monitor would make us stand in the hall if we didn't. Then the teacher would come back to class. They would paddle every kid in the hallway.
Doug took his new puppy to obedience classes. His dog learned things very quickly. In no time at all he was sitting and shaking hands by command. Doug thinks the course was a great idea. He knows the course prepared the pup for doing more around others.
Jeff tried out for the high school football team. Jeff wanted to play quarterback. Three other quarterbacks tried out for the team as well. Jeff made the team and competed to be the starter. Jeff was named the starting quarterback.
Randy is a man who has 5 kids. Randy starts arguing with his wife one day. Randy got so upset he promised to leave his wife. So that's what Randy did. He left his children and wife.
I decided to go to the store to purchase a snack. This girl asked if I can buy something for her. However, she's a bully. In efforts to stand up to her, I bought something for myself. She got mad and walked away.
Ted was in his 70s and had long since lost his first wife. He was out and about taking a stroll. He encountered a much younger woman in her early 60s. They started to talk and ended up liking each other. Fast forward a few months and now they are engaged.
Gina's class was in the lunch room. The whole class was upset there was a new boy in the class. Other kids told kids in other classes about his brand new desk. And now those kids were angry as well. The new boy was making enemies very quickly.
Andrew was thirsty from cleaning his house all day. He checked his fridge for water. Andrew did not find any. So Andrew walked to his local store and bought some water. At home Andrew drank water and it was delicious.
Briana was swimming at the local pool. She was having a good time when she felt something stick to her. Peeling it off, she realized it was an old used band aid. She thought she might be sick as she hurried out of the pool. She decided never to swim in a public pool again.
Charles spent three years in college after high school. Because he flunked out, it was time to go home. He worked in a store for two years. Then his mother kicked him out and called him poor. He went to Las Vegas and won enough money for the apartment next door.
I once had an eyeshadow palette that was my favorite. I also had a 3 year old son at the time who was also my favorite. When I was cooking dinner my son went into my makeup bag. He liked the colors of the eyeshadow and thought it was candy. When I went to check on him,I caught him eating my eyeshadow palette!
Ben found a soda on the ground. Jake grabbed it first. They argued about who it belonged to. They were very mad. Then they decided it was better to share the soda.
Jake has an awful golf swing. He can never seem to hit at the right angle. He finally decided to take lessons. His golf pro was able to help him. Jake got better and won a tournament.
Last weekend it rained seven inches. The reservoir filled up quickly and eventually overflowed. A flood warning was issued for the area. About an hour later people were ordered to evacuate. Later the next day the surrounding area  flooded in two feet of water.
Tom bought a new house. It had just been built. He wasn't aware it was poorly put together. Tom had it inspected more in depth. He had to go to court to get things fixed.
Joey and Daphne went to a party together. In the thick crowd, they became separated. Joey searched the entire house for her. He was starting to get worried as he couldn't find her. Then, she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief.
Dan was on the verge of completing a research paper. He typed approximately 3000-3500 words on the document. As soon as he tried to save his document, the computer turned off. It had a crash error. When he turned it back on, the document was lost.
Keith is trying out for the swimming team. While trying out he is asked to swim. He swims as hard as he can. While swimming he pulls a muscle and injures himself. Keith did not make the team.
I wanted to learn how to skateboard. So I bought one and decided to try. I was able to skate decently. But I still felt unsafe. After falling several times, I decided skating was too dangerous.
Randi decided her house needed a change. She wanted to replace all her brass doorknobs with bronze. She slowly replaced each one. It made a huge difference? Randi set her sights on the next change she would work on.
Joe was having difficulty training new employees. The new employees cannot be trained on a subject until it comes up. His wife proposed that a simulation can be run to train employees. Joe sets up a simulation to ensure workers are competent. Joe no longer has as much difficulty training new employees
Wendy was watching a movie with her sister. They were just getting sucked into the suspenseful story. Suddenly the movie began skipping and pausing. They checked the disc and saw many scratches. Luckily they were able to clean it a bit and it worked.
Jill was riding horses with her family. The horse started to pick up speed. Suddenly, the horse was spooked. The horse threw Jill and she hit a tree. Jill was knocked unconscious and was rushed to the ER.
We went over to my girlfriend's co-workers house. There was a really strange group of people over there. They were telling stories about pooping their pants. We felt extremely out of place. Finally, we just left.
Ike wanted to skydive. He paid for a lesson and an instructor to help him. They went up into the air and Ike readied himself. Soon he had plunged out of the plane and was in free fall! He loved the flight - but he remembered to open his parachute!
My brothers and I were playing tag last week. When I got my little brother he claimed to have a shield. Everyone else agreed that was against the rules. We all punched him in the arm as a punishment. He stopped playing and ran inside instead.
Tanya woke up in the middle of the night. She heard a loud vacuum sound. She got out of her room and walked into the living room. She saw her mother using the vacuum. Her mom forgot she was sleeping and took it off.
Nola took her daughter to the shore for the first time. Her daughter Ana, two, loved the shells most of all. So Nola walked with her and helped her collect them. When they left, Nola lugged their findings home with them. Ana had collected over three dozen seashells!
Robert decided to go on a cruise. He bought his tickets online. He booked in advance to get a better deal. Robert bought his ticket for half the price because he booked early. Robert was glad that he booked in advance.
Daniel had a very big clock. One day, his clock stopped working. This was a big issue as Daniel needed to keep track of time. Daniel did not know what to do. Eventually, Daniel went to the store and just purchased a new clock.
My wife saw a photo of our granddaughter on Instagram. I said I did not see it. She said Instagram displays photos by time. I do not look at Instagram much. Later we found the photo on my app.
Rick and Pat went on a road trip for a month. They used to be good friends but they ended up bickering every day. When Pat wanted to rest, Rick wanted to explore. And they could never find a compromise for anything. When they went back home, their friendship ended.
Vanessa was scared of the dark. Every night she had her father check the closet for monsters. Vanessa slept with a teddy bear at night. Her parents bought Vanessa a night light. Vanessa was much braver with the night light.
Brenda baked a cake for John's birthday. As she was bringing it to the table, she tripped and fell. The cake splattered all over the floor. Brenda was upset that she ruined John's birthday. John said he didn't like cake anyway.
Tom and Chris were playing at the lake. They were bored. They decided to throw stones. They began skipping stones. They were no longer bored and had fun throwing stones.
A wife heard the weather report for the next few days and was upset. It would be a scorcher and a heat wave rolled together. She asked her husband to get AC installed in their home. He rebuffed this idea and suggested he call later. She reminded him of the great deals and he agreed to call now.
One day Justin took his dog Barkley to the park for a walk. While walking, a runner runs right past them going really fast. Barkley sprinted off to chase the runner. Justin chased Barkley for ten minutes before he finally caught him. The two sat near a tree and enjoyed the cool shade after a long run.
Jen wanted to ride her bike. She put on her biking shoes. She put on her biking outfit. She knew she was forgetting something! She remembered to helmet so she could be safe!
Selma lived a luxurious life in New York City. She went out one morning onto her rooftop pool. While swimming laps, she saw a snake swimming with her. Selma screamed and jumped out of the pool. She ran off the side of the building, and tumbled to her death.
Chris bought a puppy for his wife, Tami. She wasn't pleased with the new gift. Chris promised that he'd help with its care. He proved true to his word by taking the dog outside for a walk. In the end, Tami said they'd keep the puppy.
Aiden has played soccer since he was four Year's old. He thought he would played soccer in college. When Aiden was in high school he was kicked in a soccer game. He fell and felt a snap in his knee. Aiden tore a tendon and was never able to play again.
The girls were 4th year medical students. On Friday they received an email. The email told them where they were accepted to for residency. They were so excited. They started to plan their future moves.
About 8 months ago I started a new job at a new company. I spend the majority of my day tracking information. On occasion, I create PowerPoint decks for meeting presentations. I finally feel appreciated and wanted in this role. I hope to be with this company for a very long time.
Bill was on a business trip in Japan. He was tired and feeling lonely. One night, he decided to loiter in the hotel lobby. He met a friend there named Scarlet. Bill and Scarlet stayed up the whole night talking.
Allie wanted to get a cheeseburger. The restaurant was across the highway. She stood beside the road and waited for a break in cars. Then, she bolted across the highway. Finally, she was able to get her burger.
Kyle had a motorbike. The motorbike wasn't running. He had a friend who wanted to fix up the bike. Kyle sold the bike to his friend. Kyle's friend fixed the motorbike.
The man wrote a paper. He asked a friend to read it. His friend found some mistakes. The man fixed the mistakes. The man got a good grade on the paper.
Joe was having his girlfriend over. So he cleaned the house. That's when he noticed that his dog peed on his bed sheets. Joe was angry and put the sheets to wash. They were ready before his girlfriend came .
Nick had a cheap wooden chair. And he spent a lot of time sitting down. He wanted to buy a chair that was better for his back. But they were too expensive. He felt regretful when he had to go to the chiropractor.
The man borrowed five dollars from his neighbor. He bought two beers. He gave one of the beers to his neighbor. The man payed his neighbor back. The neighbor only took half the money back.
The patient given to Mel was in the most horrific condition. This patient was shot three times during a bank robbery. Mel was just a nurse, and no doctor could come help. Despite this, Mel also knew he would never surrender to injury. Mel worked all night to stabilize the patient before a doctor came.
My friend is Jewish. She celebrates a holiday called Hanukkah. We decided to help her celebrate. We bought all the supplies and threw a party for her. She was so happy.
A friend and I went to play golf. I left the sunroof open. There was a plastic jar with a small loaf of bread in it. It got the bread wet. The bread was in my truck for a few days.
Chris had a huge crush on his office mate. He fawned over her every day. He bought her breakfast in the morning. She always said thank you. One day he asked her out and was thrilled when she said yes.
Kyle went to a fancy dinner party for work. His boss commented on his fancy gold watch. Kyle thanked him and mentioned that it was actually a fake watch. Kyle's boss was amazed and told everyone to look at his watch. Kyle became embarrassed of this weird attention.
The weather was cold. The hotel cranked the heat on the pool. The kids jumped in and swam a few laps. It was cold but still fun. They swam until their lips turned blue!
Maria decided she wanted a pet. She went to the shelter and rescued a cat. She was so excited to start their lives together. For the next few days, the cat scratched up all of her furniture. Maria was surprised and wished she had gotten a dog instead.
I filed for a divorce. My wife wanted the kids. I didn't like them that much so I agreed. She offered to let me see them once a week. I was glad to be rid of my kids so I declined the offer.
Jack went rock climbing with friends. They all worked hard to climb a tough route. Jack realized he forgot the sandwiches for lunch. His friends made him walk back to the truck to get food. Jack decided to stay at the truck and eat everyone's sandwiches.
Matt got an ipad for christmas yesterday. He was super excited to start using it. He immediately opened it up. To his dismay, the ipad dropped right on the floor. Thankfully it was left unscathed.
Mary saw that avocados were in season at the grocery store. This made her want to make some guacamole. She picked up a few avocados to buy. The avocados were perfectly ripe and made a tasty guacamole. Mary made a bowl to share with everyone.
Patty had never put on makeup before and didn't know how. She went to her sister's room and asked her to help her put it on. Her sister spent several minutes explaining how to do so. The next day she tried and walked out of her room. She knew that she did it wrong because her sister laughed.
John was at his desk. He was trying to read. He tried to turn on the light. The light switch was broken. John changed the switch so he could read.
Fred had a basketball game tonight. He was rather nervous. Thankfully his team felt the same. However the team ended up winning the game. Fred was relieved.
My niece works for the DMV. One day a customer came in to register his car. He cracked a joke that my niece must love taking people's $. She responded he must love driving through the tolls, as he owes $100. He left without getting his registration.
Ned went outside to get the newspaper. To his surprise, it was wet from the rain. He placed the newspaper out on the floor to dry. He thought he can read the news on the floor. Ned spent the day reading news on the floor.
Jane's cat ran out the door one day. She went out looking for him. After an hour she went back home. Her cat was waiting by the door for her. Jane laughed a bit and let him in.
Mel let the dice fly. Everyone at the table cheered for the seven he had rolled. Keeping his luck going, Mel made another bet. He held the dice and let his companion blow on them. He let the dice fly one more time, hoping for a big payout.
Last night was really rainy and windy. I had to drive home from work late. I could barely see anything. I almost got into two accidents. Luckily I made it home safe.
Jill is a woman in her 30s. She has never been married. She doesn't believe in love. Until one day a man sweeps her off her feet and she falls in love. They soon get married and live happily ever after.
Bill was sure there was a monster hiding in his closet. He called for his dad. His dad came in and Bill begged him to check the closet. Bill's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light. There was nothing inside but Bill's clothes!
Ana was surprised to be voted in as mayor. She'd done everything she could to sabotage her campaign. She really hadn't wanted the job at all because of all the work. Ana was just to polite to drop out. People voted for her because they didn't know how selfish she was.
Hamburgers! Sparky the Labrador sniffed the air hungrily. Sneaking under the fence, he crept toward the neighbor's barbeque. He waited until the neighbor walked in his house and then ran. Sparky snatched a hamburger and ran home to devour his treat.
My niece bought as guinea pig for her ten year old daughter. She bought another one for company. She thought they were both females. She was mistaken, and a litter was born. She was able to sell the babies to a pet store.
Denise was roommates with Phoebe. Phoebe decided to move out. Denise was sad to lose her roommate. She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate. Now Denise lives with Monica.
Bree was going to school to become a doctor. She was in her final year of schooling. She was nervous for her final exam. She studied for hours and hours. Bree took the exam and passed with flying colors.
Austin just got a new job and bought a new car. He discovered he wouldn't be making that much money. He thought the job paid more than what it did. Austin is upset because now he has new car payments. He decided to look for a second job and have two incomes.
Rihanna looked over the directions for the experiment. She gathered the needed materials at her station. A noxious smell arose after she heated the mixed chemicals. Rihanna then realized there was a back page to the directions. The angry teacher ordered Rihanna to talk to the principal.
Oscar was saving money for a new car. But he was becoming impatient. He ended up buying a used car that he didn't want. And he felt regretful every time he drove it. Oscar sold the used car and attempted to save his money again.
When I was cleaning up yesterday I found something peculiar. There was an old photograph of my grandfather. I never met him so the photo was sentimental. I immediately took it and put it on my desk. I will cherish the photo forever.
Amanda was at work when her boss called her in for a meeting. She was informed that she was being fired for stealing. Amanda insisted that she hadn't stolen anything. Then, her boss showed her a tape with evidence on it. Amanda confessed and gracefully resigned.
Dean wanted to get into the tech industry. He assembled a team to build an app. The only problem Dean didn't have an actual idea for the app. After months of thinking he finally had an idea. He made an app to help people create new apps.
Bob moved into his new college dormitory. Alas, his room was infested with bed bugs. The pest services locked him out of his room for 24 hours. Bob was scared that his clothes would be ruined by the heat treatment. Sure enough, his clothes were ruined.
The girl had a party. The parents got a bounce house. The kids played in the bounce house. One kid put a big hole in the house. The girl's parents had to pay for the damaged house.
John had a hairy back. His girlfriend would joke about it. She asked him to shave it. He said yes. She shaved his back.
I decided to go on vacation for a week. While on vacation, I realized I forgot to water my plants. When I came back, my plants were on the brink of death. I watered them, but many did not survive. I realized I should take better care of my plants.
Jeff was really happy today. Today he would get to do something he wanted to try for a long time. He was going ziplining! He climbed up on the ladder and set off. He was zooming through the trees, what fun!
Lena had been married to her husband for over 10 years. One day Lena decided to leave work early since she completed her work. Lena drove home and got out of her car. Lena entered her home and found her husband cheating on her. Lena filed for divorce and took her life back.
There was a creepy house in the edge of town. No one dared to pass by there. One day Jeff got dared to knock on the door. He knocked repeatedly on the door. Jeff was greeted nicely by two old ladies.
I decided to go to the store. I hopped in the car and went to my local grocer. As I shopped for items, I noticed my ex-boyfriend looking around. I ducked and dashed around the store until he was out of sight. Eventually, I lost him and quickly drove home.
Grace wants to make dinner without going to the supermarket. She decides to see what she has in the cupboard. Grace is happy to notice that she has all the ingredients for soup. She cooks a delicious chicken noodle soup. Grace feels great that she didn't have to go shopping for food.
Kelvin was a small boy. He loved playing basketball. He made a goal from an old post and a bicycle rim. Everyone laugh and doubted him of being a nothing. Kelvin became a famous basketball player.
Billy was having his first tennis lesson. He was very excited and eager to start. But when he couldn't hit the ball every time he got frustrated. The coach explained that it would take time to get better. But Billy wanted to play a real game as soon as possible.
Last Tuesday, I played speed chess online with my friend Tim. The day before, Tim had beaten me five games to one. I was anxious to do better, and had practiced. I won three games and lost one. I felt much happier with my performance.
Ashley had to jog with the class. After the seventh lap, she was breathing hard. Since she couldn't keep, she ended up falling down. The medic had to come to carry her out of the race. She was hydrated with some fluids afterwards.
Jon needed an A on his last test. He studied for two weeks. He got help from a tutor. On the day of the test, he felt very prepared. He got a perfect score!
Amber wanted Taylor Swift concert tickets for her birthday. Her parents told her they were to expensive. The tickets were already in an envelope in the living room. As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh. Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday.
Jill's dog had been with her parent's for a week. It had been used to running outside. When Jill got home, she walked in the door to a mess. Jill's dog had destroyed the couch. She had to put the dog in the kennel from now on.
Heather's son Austin is playing in a baseball tournament. The day of the tournament she was asked to volunteer her time. Heather needed to work the baseball concession stand. When she got in the stand she realized she couldn't see Austin play. This made her very sad because she was looking forward to the game.
My cat had multiple seizures the other day. The seizures caused her pain. She also lost her sight. I took her to the vet to be put down. I tearfully drove home with an empty cat carrier.
I decided to go on a road trip to Utah to Mount Zion. My friend showed interest, so I invited him to go with me. When the day finally arrived, I drove to go pick up my friend. Happy and waiting with his luggage, he jumped inside and off we went. Two friends with nothing but the road ahead and smiles to be shared.
Pete's little brother was using the computer. He randomly started to click buttons. Unfortunately, he touched the file with Pete's homework and deleted it When Pete saw what happened, he got mad. However, Pete was able to retrieve the file from the recycle bin.
Tom liked apples. Tom went to the kitchen to grab an apple but they were all gone. Tom's wife through the apples away because they were no longer edible. He had to be at work in twenty minutes, he rushed to the store. Tom bought a bag of apples and made it to work on time.
Mike bounced on his toes while he warmed up in the back. He was ready for this fight and he knew it. Hearing his name Mike ran out to the ring arms up ready to win. Mike didn't hear anything but the bell and his hours flew hard. In less that thirty seconds the man was dropped, Mike had won.
Fred loved hot dogs. So he decided to compete. He wanted to be in a hot dog eating contest. He got his friends to join. Fred won it.
I decided to meet my new neighbors. I baked some cookies to share with my new neighbors. The first night I visited ate all of my cookies. I visited the others empty-handed. I still think the visits went fairly well.
One morning my husband woke me up with a worried look on his face. He said it had been really hard to wake me up. He insisted I see a doctor and drove me to the hospital. They didn't find anything and sent me home. Ten minutes after my husband went to work I had a grand mal seizure.
Kayla loves accessories. She is always wearing multiple accessories with every outfit. One day, she decides to open an accessories boutique. Her boutique is very successful and popular. Kayla's accessories boutique is now a chain of stores.
Kim had an eating disorder. And she was not sure where she got her bad habits. But she noticed that her mom was constantly eating. And she punished Kim for not eating enough. Kim decided to look for a better role model.
With the temperature at 95 degrees, the girls decided to experiment. They wanted to see if an egg really would fry on the pavement. They also wanted to see if cookie dough would bake in a car. Neither experiment was successful. The girls still thought the weather was ridiculously hot.
Tom was at a friend's house. They were all smoking together. Tom lost his lighter. A friend noticed he had it in his pocket. He apologized and gave it back.
Linda loved capuchin monkeys. After years of saving, she was able to buy her very own monkey! However, the monkey was very ornery and destroyed Linda's house. She tried to discipline the monkey, but he would not behave. Linda took him to the zoo so he could be cared for properly.
Rob's school was holding a Halloween costume contest. Rob was determined to win, and spent weeks working on his costume. On the day of the contest, the kids turned out in their best costumes. The other kids agreed Rob was scariest, and he was awarded 1st place! He was proud of himself, and decided to do even better next year.
Pete was on a shore of a beach. He saw children playing in the sand in front of him. All of a sudden, a large wave began to rush towards the shore. Pete ran over, grabbed the kids, and ran from the coast. Just as Pete made it to higher ground, the wave swallowed the beach.
Robbie was the new bartender at the club. One night he over served a customer. The customer became intoxicated. He started a fight and hurt another customer. Robbie got fired because of his carelessness.
I got a job at a grocery store. I had to watch the cigarette cartons. Someone stole some while I was on break. The manager blamed me for the theft. I argued that I was in the break room with him.
The lines were getting long outside the library. People were there to vote. It was a hotly contested election. People waited patiently until they were able to punch their ballot. The results took hours to count.
Dan was walking during the night. A group of gang members surrounded him. They tried to steal his book bag. A bystander noticed them. However, she continued to walk away.
I had my cholesterol checked. I was having odd chest pains and needed to find out why. My cholesterol level came back as being lower than most. The doctor told me I was as healthy as a horse. I went home feeling a lot better knowing I was healthy.
Carter was all dressed in his soccer uniform. He was ready to have his soccer pictures taken. The team lined up and smiled at the camera. They would get the pictures back in a couple of weeks. Carter couldn't wait to see them!
Elise decided she was going to get fake eyelashes. After purchasing the lashes, Elise went to the salon. At the salon, the specialist began to install the eyelashes. However, Elise did not like the way they felt on her eyelids. Elise decided to take the eyelashes off, because they hurt badly.
Meryl had bought a beautiful silk gown. But when a guest spilled wine on her, it was ruined. She tried to remove the stain by herself. She tried to go to a dry cleaner. But all she could do with it was to make rags out of it.
Luanne has been single for years. She has dated several different people. She finally found her ideal man. Luanne and this man fell in love. He recently proposed to Luanne and she accepted.
Trey was the coolest guy in school. He was sort of the rockstar type of kid. He also had a secret that no one knew. Every Saturday night he would go to the roller rink and dance disco. He danced every Saturday for five years and no one ever knew.
Damien was constantly arguing with people. His parents encouraged him to join the debate team. Debate formalized and legitimized Damien's combative spirit. Damien later attended law school. His proclivity for argumentation served him well.
Norma saw a puppy wandering around the parking lot at work. She asked around but no one knew whose dog it was. She could not take it home herself because her husband hates dogs. Besides, they could not afford a pet. With a heavy heart, she had to take the pup to a shelter.
My family went to the water park since today was a holiday. My brother and I were the first people in line for the lazy river. We spent a couple of minutes floating around the water. After we got out, we went towards the huge slide. Since the line in front of the slide was large, we waited for a while.
Carole was having trouble with her cell phone provider. She was still under contract for two more months. Carole began to compare plans with other providers. After her contract was up, she went to another provider. Carole signed up for service with another provider.
Lisa really wanted to knit a sweater. She wanted to make one for her friend. It took her forever. Finally she finished it. When she was done it was great.
Tom wanted to learn how to swim. Tom signed up for lessons at the YMCA nearby. Tom practiced his strokes every day. Tom passed the swim test with flying colors! Now Tom teaches little kids how to swim as well.
Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave. To her dismay, Elisa found out the microwave was broken. She called the repairman to help her. The repairman came right away. Thankfully he fixed it without a problem.
Bob really likes to drink craft beer. That's a hobby that can be expensive, so Bob needed more money! A google search revealed the MTurk website and he promptly applied. After a few hours of practice, Bob had made a little over 3 dollars. With some more work, Bob expects to supplement his favorite pastime!
Jim loved to go running. His tennis shoes would always fall apart quickly. Jim did some investigating on the internet. He found a pair of durable running shoes. His shoes fit his needs perfectly.
We went to a nice romantic getaway for our anniversary. We got couples massages and just relaxed all weekend. The place came with a free breakfast so we checked it out. We ordered some french press coffee for breakfast. Oh my it was some of the best coffee I have ever had in my whole life.
Emma needed a haircut. She went to a salon. The stylist gave Emma bangs. Emma thought it looked terrible. She had to wear a hat for a month while her hair grew out.
We went to the theme park yesterday. To our delight there was a lot of food. All of it was fast. Even though it was unhealthy, we still ate it. I was happy with all the offerings.
Kana's boss asked her to work overtime. Kana was very tired. She didn't want to stay any later than she had to! She coughed and told her boss that she was feeling ill. Luckily, Kana's boss accepted her excuse.
I always wanted to be in a marching band. The only instrument I played was piano. My friend told the instructor I wanted to be in the band. He handed me a baritone and told me to learn it. I took it home and learned it and then I was in the band!
Fred was looking for his shoes. Fred found them underneath the bed. When Fred reached under the bed, he found something else. He found a dirty magazine. Fred didn't leave the house on time.
Cody had three dogs that needed to go potty. But there was a storm outside. So he and the dogs didn't want to go outside for a walk. Unfortunately, he was also out of doggy potty pads. Thankfully he had some old newspapers he could use as potty pads!
Ethan was doing some spring cleaning. He found a lot of things that he didn't use anymore. He decided to have a garage sale. His sister helped him price and set everything up. He ended up making a lot of money from the sale.
Chad needed to find a dress for his daughter. Chad took his daughter to Target to try on a dress. Once the dress was on, he knew the dress was the one. Chad's daughter loved the dress as well. Chad was glad to find a dress for his daughter today.
I was bored one day. So I decided to listen to a mixtape. One of the songs was so good I stood still. I ran to the store to buy it. Thankfully there was still one left.
My daughter had to read Romeo and Juliet in the ninth grade. I found the play was being performed. I took her and some of her friends to see the play. She was excited about the performance. Watching the play helped my daughter get a good grade in English.
Jill always wanted to go to Greece. When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket. She saw all the famous landmarks. She loved Athens and Minos. But she found Lesbos to be disappointing.
Brad and Jen were always fighting. They tried therapy but it did not help. They decided to get a divorce. At first it hurt them both, but not for long. Soon they were both much happier.
My family purchased a gun for home defense. We practiced gun safety the very first day we got it. State laws require that it must stay locked and unloaded. This does not make much sense. Now we own large dogs that are not locked up,  instead.
Cal got distracted by little things. One time he happened across a big box of staples. He started making a staple chain. He didn't stop until the chain was almost half a mile long. Cal needed to be stopped by his friends.
Tom was in a wrestling tournament. He went up against a guy much bigger than him. Tom didn't think he was the same weight class. The guy was nothing but muscle and beat Tom easily. Tom decided to gain more muscle after.
Amy was playing darts. At first her aim was bad. She missed every throw. But then she caught on. Soon her aim improved!
Joy wanted a change. She asked her stylist for a new haircut. The stylist started snipping away. Finally, it was in a cute bob. Joy was thrilled!
After the movie, we stopped at a restaurant. It was a buffet place. Greg filled his plate 3 times and kept going. Afterward, he wanted to stop for ice cream. On the way home, he stopped at the gas station and bought popcorn.
Grace was eating supper. She got up and went to the restroom. When she returned, her steak was gone! Grace looked down and saw her dog eating her steak. Grace yelled at the dog for taking her food.
Lily was not a nice girl. She would say terrible things about her friends. One day, she said a terrible insult about her best friend, Morgan. Morgan overheard it. Lily tried to apologize but Morgan didn't want to hear it.
Darryl felt that it was a shame pocket watches were out of style. He thought they were elegant and very sleek. He started carrying one of his own. Soon he became hyper-conscious of people checking time on phones. He realized they were really using pocket watches as well, and smiled.
Tom moved into a new apartment building. At night he heard loud meowing. Tom could barely sleep because of it. He spent several days trying to find the source. Eventually Tom bought earplugs.
Bob applied his secret sauce to his chicken wings with care. When the waiter brought them to the customer they love it. The customers demanded to know how to make the secret sauce. Bob refused unless they paid him 23 dollars per ingredient. The customers quickly wrote out Bob a check for whatever he wanted.
The first time I got on an airplane I was so scared. The flight attendant saw that I was nervous. Once everyone was in their seats she came over to me. She asked if I needed anything to make me more comfortable. I immediately felt better knowing she was there to help.
The first of May every year is the running of the Kentucky Derby. David was a farmer in Kentucky. One of his mules went into labor. The baby mule was born on Derby day. So David named the new mule Derby!
Jack was going to a bar. He had forgotten his ID. The bouncer didn't allow Jack into the bar. Jack went back home. He returned with his ID.
I played a card game with my friend. By accident I drew two cards when I meant to take one. He was unaware of my blunder. I kept both cards in my hand to take an advantage. I won that game later due to my extra card.
I entered the pool hall ready for action. Unfortunately I hadn't played pool in five years. I was nervous because so many people were watching. My first shot knocked the ball onto the other table. It was so funny that I forgot about being nervous.
My school was contemplating a dress code for the upcoming school year. There were protests against a new dress code. The school ignored the protests. The dress code was instituted for this fall. I just purchased my uniforms.
My doctor called me yesterday and asked me to come in. The next day I got my things together and left. Arriving at the office, I asked the attendant if I could see my doctor. She placed me on the list and asked me to wait. It wasn't long at all before I saw him and got my new meds!
Maya walked down the street and heard some chirping. A bird was lying on the sidewalk. It appeared to be injured. Maya wrapped the bird up in her shirt and took it home. After a few weeks, Maya nursed it back to health.
I've always hated math. It was something I never understood. In math class, I always failed miserably. One day I decided to hang out with friends that liked math. After hanging with them, I became a math wiz.
Michael always wondered if the cookie jar really had cookies. His grandmother was mean and never let him anywhere near. One day she went out of town and Michael thought it was perfect. He ran for the jar and climbed up the shelf to get to it. When he opened it all he found was some weird looking ash.
Lewis loved comic books. His favorite part was the artistry and colors on each page. He decided that he wanted to learn to draw. It wasn't easy at first. After many months of practice, however, his skills improved.
Erin squealed when Jay gave her the ring. It was the biggest looking diamond she'd ever seen! Erin raced over to show all her friends. One of them pointed out that it was just a sugar crystal. When Erin saw it was true, she flew into a rage and threw the ring!
Matthew was being impossible to his ex-wife and told lies about her. He would post articles on Facebook that made her look like an abuser. In the next few months, he broke his foot, then broke his leg. He even lost his job and then his girlfriend, too. Eventually, nobody listened to him anymore, and he moved far away.
Sophia had a stuffed monkey. At the airport she left it on a plane. She was very sad. Her mom and dad talked to an employee. They were able to get it back for her!
Tycho's ball flew over the schoolyard fence. He quickly climbed over the fence and threw the ball back over. On his way back over the fence, Tycho's coat got stuck. His feet dangled in the air until someone unzipped his coat. Tycho dropped to the ground unharmed.
John is waiting for a package. He hears the mail truck arrive. John rushes to the door. His package was placed by the door. John opens his package with excitement.
Billy hated vegetables of all sort, but especially green ones. His mother asked him to help her plant a garden. They planted peas, beans and broccoli. When the harvest was ready she cooked up the vegetables. Billy thought they tasted okay when you grew them yourself.
I was drinking way too much coffee. One day at work I decided to switch to decaf coffee. One week later I cut back to only three cups of decaf per day. Now at work I only drink one cup of decaf in the morning. I feel so much better and have less headaches.
Frankie the cat was settling in with his new family. The family was worried that Frankie was lonely by himself. So one day brought home a kitten named Oliver. They were nervous about how the cats would get along. It all worked out, Oliver loved Frankie and Frankie came to like him.
Tom loved pasta. Tom went to the Olive Garden to eat. Tom especially loved the unlimited breadsticks. Tom did not stop eating when he was full. Tom stopped eating when he hated himself.
Tom wanted to buy a gun. He decided to go to the shooting range. He figured it would be a good place to learn about them. Everyone Tom talked to was an idiot. It made Tom rethink gun culture.
The couple set the ingredients for a new recipe on the counter. It called for hot chili peppers, but they agreed to exclude them. The couple diced, mixed, and fried until the scents blended. They plated their dinner and sat down to eat Spicy Chicken sans spice. After a taste, both coughed, eyes teared, and reached for their water.
I had a coworker who never was a team player. When I asked her to serve on panels she refused. I inquired if there were any problems she said no. Finally she said she just did not like working with people. I understood from that day forth that she was just a loner.
My four year old brother was sad. He had dropped his toy in a puddle of water. It was too dirty to get out. I decided to give him one of my action figures. This made him the happiest person in our house.
It was Cindy's first day of high school. And she noticed that most of the girls were wearing mini skirts. So Cindy bought mini skirts like the other girls. Cindy felt more socially confident. And she gained lots of friends.
I was watching the LLWS and the Red Sox tonight. Both were exciting games. The score was tied in both games. But I was tired and fell asleep. I got up in time to watch the end of the LLWS game.
Billy's parents bought him a bike without training wheels. Billy didn't know how to ride a bike yet. Billy's dad would hold the bike and walk while Billy rode it. Eventually, Billy's dad was able to let go of the bike. Billy kept riding his bike.
Sam and his friends were going to a movie. Sam stopped at a store and bought some candy. Sam brought the candy into the movie. The usher saw Sam eating his candy. Sam got kicked out of the theatre.
I was finishing up grocery shopping one day. After finishing, I loaded my groceries into my car. I climbed into the driver seat and drove home. After getting home, I began to unload the groceries. While unloading the groceries, I noticed that I forgot several bags.
There was flooding recently. I tried to drive my car to work. I went over some deep water. The engine sucked up a lot of it. The car broke down with thousands in damage.
Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident. He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice. Janice came to visit him at the hospital and she cheered Rowan up. Rowan felt better with his friend there so stopped feeling so down. Rowan recovered and was able to go home 5 weeks later.
Max was trying browse the internet for fun. He was enjoying himself except his computer was so slow. Max decided to fix it once and for all and got some software open. Soon the computer had been checked for viruses and cleaned. It ran much faster as this.
Alicia was having a runny nose. She has to go throw ten tissues every minute. Her mother took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her some medicine. The medicine helped.
Joe has an English test tomorrow. He has not studied. He decided to skip studying. When Joe got to school, he didn't know the answers. He failed his test.
Ella had lost her glasses. She could not find them anywhere! Then her mom suggested she retrace her steps. Ella walked backward through her house. Sure enough, she found them on top of the microwave!
Jane was in the bathroom. But she dropped her phone in the toilet. It no longer worked. So she needed a new one. But her parents never bought one because of her carelessness.
Alex was moving away to another state. For his last day, he decided to have a luncheon to celebrate. Only four of his friends showed up. The other five invites had to decline due to work obligations. Alex realized he had not thought his even though sufficiently.
Gina couldn't fall asleep. But her grandma insisted she go to bed when she did. Gina crept to the living room to watch TV. Her grandma didn't have cable and nothing was on. Gina went back to bed and waited for sleep to come.
Greg loved to ride his skateboard at the skateboard park. He decided to build his own skateboard ramp to use at home. After he finished the ramp, he stood at the top on his skateboard. The ramp was so high that Greg got scared. He was embarrassed that he couldn't skate down his ramp.
Jules wandered into a magic shop. The store owner showed Jules several captivating illusions. Jules was delighted, and decided to purchase some of the tricks. After a lot of practice, Jules had the illusions mastered. He performed the tricks for friends, and left them amazed.
The man found a house. He made an offer to buy it. His offer was accepted. He customized the house to suit him. The house felt like a nice home to him.
Lana was walking to school. She decided to cut through the woods. Somehow, she became lost. She tried to follow her steps but couldn't get out. Luckily, some people found her and helped her out.
Max was walking down the street. It was snowing and very cold. He tried to keep warm in his coat, but it was too cold. He started looking for somewhere warm to sit. Finally, he found a warm cafe.
John had a problem. His sink was clogged. He tried to call a repairman. He got no answer. John fixed the sink himself.
Teddy just turned 16 and was excited. Turning 16 meant that Teddy could take his driving test. he could hardly believe and took the test on the day of his birthday. He passed on the very first try! He was overjoyed and got his license.
I went to visit my aunt and uncle. They brought out their new puppy to meet me. It looked like a round brown poof ball. He was very cute. They said he was a chow chow.
Tina did a live singing performance at school. The music turned on and she started to sing. However, the movement of her mouth wasn't in sync with the song. Everyone noticed that she was lip-syncing. When the song was over, they criticized her for the lip syncing.
My friend is really into professional wrestling. He convinced me to go to a live show with him. It was a lot of fun. We cheered and yelled and had a great time. I think I'm a fan now, too.
Tyler bought a polo. He couldn't decide if he should button it all the way up. He looked online for tips. He asked his wife. He buttoned it up.
Kate wanted to basement to smell fresh. But nothing could cover up the musty basement smell. She would have to open the windows to get fresh air in. But the snow was piled so high all you could see was snow. She realized she would have to go outside and remove the snow.
Jim thought volcanoes were beautiful. He made them every year for science projects. He wanted to see one in real life. His mother showed him a video of a volcano erupting. Jim didn't want to visit one anymore.
Anna is planning a wedding. She was ready to find her dress. She called her mom and sister to tell them. They all went dress shopping the next week. Anna found the perfect wedding dress.
One day Jarod went to the beach. First he built a sand castle. Then he went swimming. Finally, he surfed for a while. He had a fun time.
Spencer told me he wanted to be the best at this game. I watched him practice harder and harder every day. Eventually Spencer said that he was number two. I got home one day and he was practicing harder than before. Spencer hit number one that same day.
Chance was on his way to his very first date. It was with his crush Sandra who he had loved since the third grade. He was nervous but more excited than anything. He rang the doorbell at her house to pick her up. She opened the door and Chance threw up all over her shoes.
After 18 years if was finally time to leave our first house. We started looking for new houses in March. By August we had visited 44 houses. We found the perfect house just three miles away. We moved in and have loved every day here.
Blake loved going to his favorite candy store. Blake would often buy candies few times a week. Blake eventually ran out of money. Blake stole the candy. Blake was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior.
Ian didn't really like commercial music. When growing up, he listened to a lot of rock and metal. Once he got to college, he started to learn more about dance music. Now, Ian is producing house music in his bedroom. He finished his first tune today, and he hopes to get noticed one day.
Jen came to school without her make-up on. As soon as she found her boyfriend, she tried to call him. He did not recognize her and asked if he knew her. In a frustrating tone, she said her name. Her boyfriend responded in surprise.
John collected  swords. Next on his collection was a nice samurai sword. But first he needed money. John saw that he had enough in bank account and bought the sword. John loved his new sword.
Will said he was going to be the best actor of all time. People, even his friends, laughed in his face. After months of practicing, Will moved to Hollywood. In Hollywood he got his first job. That led to an acting career, and now he is the best actor ever.
I bought a box of packing tape from Amazon. It was an Amazon Prime order. The package was supposed to arrive on Wednesday by 8 pm. It did not arrive that day. I contacted Amazon and accepted a $5 credit.
Jack was a member of a large corporation. One day, he decided to quit his job. Instead, he would pursue a career as a freelancer. At first, his family was confused by his decision. Eventually, they realized that freedom was more important than money.
Joan spend all morning gathering pecan nuts from her tree. During the afternoon, she removed the shells. When the nuts were ready, she made pecan pies with them. She served pie for dessert, but her younger girl choked on a nut. As it was a big ordeal, Joan never picked nuts from her tree again.
Charles fell in love with Marnie. Marnie did not love Charles. Charles found a rose in a garden. He gave the rose to Marnie. She still didn't love him.
Anna lost her keys one day. She was worried! She hurried to retrace her steps. At her coffee shop, the barista handed her a keychain. Someone had turned in her keys!
Stanley was excited about his first trip in an airplane. He had never been before and was very excited. He boarded with his mom and dad and sat in his seat. He was excited, but very nervous. When the plane took off, he was smiling a big grin.
The teacher warned the class that they have three minutes left. Henry was figuring out several questions that he left blank. He banged the desk since he was confused. At the final minute, he guessed on all of them. The teacher asked Henry to talk to him after class.
Jane passed a small park-like zoo she remembered visiting as a child. She turned her car into the park, feeling nostalgic. Jane went to see the deer, like the ones she once fed by hand. She saw these deer were scrawny, mangy and had terrified eyes. Jane wished she had never stopped the car.
A man bought a boat in the bottle kit. He made some time to build it. He cleared off a table. He sat down to approach his task. He found his hands were too shaky to build it.
I was nearly asleep when I heard a loud thud. I quickly flipped on the light by my bed. I checked the clock, which said it was almost midnight. I rolled over and shut my eyes. I then dreamed about my apartment being invaded!
Bruce is racing his friend. Bruce is winning. Bruce stumbles and falls behind. He gives it all he has to get back to first. He crosses the finish line in first.
The custodian picked up a piece of litter in the hallway. The kids were gone for the afternoon and he was alone in the school. He turned the litter around in his hand and read the back of it. It read "I left it in the toilet". He headed towards the bathroom hoping it wasn't another fetus.
Tim was never good with dates. He always forgot his mom's birthday. Last year he called her at the last minute. This year he set an alarm on his calendar. Even then he still waited until really late to call.
John drove on the highway. There was a truck in front of him there. A stone from its trunk jumped into John's car. John's window cracked. He had to stop and make a call to the car service.
One Summer evening, I was cooking chicken. I noticed that a stray cat was hanging around. He looked pathetic and I felt sorry for him. I gave him some chicken. He decided to stay forever.
My son wanted a pumpkin carved to represent his condition. He has oral apraxia, so he has to use sign language. I helped him trace his hand in the love sign. We put it on the pumpkin and cut it out. Then we put a light inside to brighten the porch.
Jan's parents won't stop pestering her about being single. So she lies and tells them that she is dating someone. The lie works until her parents come for a visit. So she hires someone to pretend to be her boyfriend. Her parents buy the act and leave happy.
Molly has participated in dance classes for her entire life. She decided to major in dance in college. Molly danced in many recitals during college. She decided to find a career in dance. Molly now dances for a ballet company.
Jane asked her boyfriend a serious question. She asked him if he would love her until the end. Her boyfriend sat there for a minute, contemplating Jane's question. Slowly, a big smile spread on his face. He nodded and that was all it took to satisfy Jane.
Kiara was babysitting. First, she fed the kid lunch. Then, she colored pictures with them. Finally, they played dress up. Then, she brought the girl home.
Tomeika was leaving work when she a co worker walking home. Even though she didn't know the lady, Tomeika offered her a ride. The lady thanked her and got into the car. Three miles down the road, the woman pulled a knife on Tomeika. The police told Tomeika the woman had just gotten out of jail for.
Ethan had studied hard for his road test. He was excited but nervous. He was careful to obey all traffic laws during his test. Afterwards, he eagerly turned to his tester. The tester told him he had passed the test!
Clark needed to buy some headphones. His had broken the night before. Clark drove to Target and looked around at the selection. He saw large headphones called Beats by Dre. Clark decided they were too expensive and left Target.
Sid was at his first punk rock concert. He eagerly jumped into the mosh pit. But the other concertgoers were much bigger than him! Sid ended up with a broken ankle. He wished he hadn't gone into the mosh pit.
Debbie felt lonely all the time. She had trouble making friends at school. Her parents bought her a terrarium and a couple of toads. She loved the toads, but could not help feeling patronized. Her loneliness did not subside.
Randy was homeless He needed a place to live. He started eating from the trash and sleeping on the streets. His friend randomly saw him He invited him to live with him
Mike woke up and saw it was a nice sunny day. He took his time eating breakfast and deciding what he wanted to do. He figured it would be a great day to go canoeing. He hitched up his canoe and drove to the dock. He got in the canoe and had a great day exploring.
George had moved to a rough neighborhood. His job had him working late every night. George had to work late in the dark. One of his friends had gotten mugged on the street. George looked for an apartment in another area.
Kay was going door to door selling Mary Kay. She made very little money at first. Then her mom started to tell her coworkers about it. They began to call Kay for orders. Soon she had plenty of customers!
Tim was at work. He finished his assignments early. Tim needed more money. He was payed by the hour. Tim decided to stay longer.
My coworker Ann is recovering from the end of a relationship. She had an affair with a married man for ten years. After he broke it off he asked her to be discreet. Instead Ann posted photos and texts on FB. The man asked her to stop but she said she is telling the truth.
Michael was bartending and enjoying a conversation. Suddenly he smelled smoke and turned to investigate. Immediately he saw a giant flame spring from his kitchen door. He began evacuating people immediately, avoiding a panic. Luckily everyone got out of the building safely.
Maria wanted more than anything to have friends. She did everything she could to attract people at school. She laughed at their joke. But it wasn't enough for them to like her. It's only years later that Maria made real durable friends.
Elijah was out walking one night by himself. After a while he realized he did not know where he was any more. He looked around for landmarks but didn't see anything familiar. Then he remembered he had his phone. He used the mapping app on his phone and found his way home!
Yvette was about to get married, but she needed a dress. She went to the dress shop with her friends. She tried on many dresses, but her friends didn't approve. Finally, she put on the perfect dress. Her friends approved and the bought in on the spot!
Brent was a lonely child. He had no brother or sister to play with. One day he met a friend at school. Brent's friend was named john. Brent is no longer lonely.
Tim really wanted a tattoo. So he went and got one done. All of the sudden he screamed. Pain was very bad. When he looked down at his arm it was messed up.
Samantha had to give a presentation for class. She prepared all week for this. When she got up in front of the class she started sneezing. Her eyes watered and her allergies prevented her from finishing. Her teacher felt sorry and told her she could reschedule it next week.
Rina had pierced her own navel. At first it was healing well. But then it became red and swollen! Rina knew her piercing had become infected. Sadly, she removed her piercing.
Stan had a science test in the morning. He was bad at science and thought he would fail. But he studied his notes diligently anyways. And to his surprise, he did well on the test! Stan was very proud of his B+!
Mike just finished eating a hamburger. So he decided to wash his hands. But when he smelled them, there was a faint hamburger smell. So he decided to wash his hands again and again. 15 minutes later, he still felt that his hands weren't clean.
The sky was looking ominous. Harold adjusted the sails and headed west into shore. The sea was getting choppier and he was growing nervous. About a half mile out the clouds broke and sunshine radiated through. It was like a moment in a movie.
Maxwell loved to play hide and go seek. Sometimes he'd pull someone over to play with him. Sometimes those people wouldn't play and his heart would break. His mother told him that it wasn't nice to be so sporadic. He learned that it was situational to play his favorite game.
Brook wants to try a new type of food. She hears that there is a Thai food open in her neighborhood. Brooke tries it out. It is spicy but good. Brooke is happy to have tried new food.
Last week I accidentally overdrafted my account. A restaurant charged me too much by mistake. Afterward I made five more purchases. I had hundreds of dollars in overdraft fees. My bank refused to reverse more than half.
Yesterday, Molly's car started making a funny noise. She took it into the dealership to ask about it. The mechanic told her there was a problem with the brakes. She paid two hundred dollars to get the brakes replaced. Now the car is safe to drive.
Allie got a pair of beats headphones. She wore them every day. One day they broke. So she had to replace them. She liked the new ones better.
Joel was driving to work like any other day. He heard a horrible noise. He got a flat tire. Luckily someone stopped and helped him change it. He took the rest of the day off.
Larry wanted to get a new baseball cap. He didn't have enough money though. He started asking friends if they had any extra hats. His friend Bill had one. Bill sold him the baseball cap for just a couple bucks.
Summer was coming to an end and Abby wanted to do something fun. She hadn't seen some of her friends in a while so she threw a party. Abby decided on a pool party in her backyard. All of Abby's school friends showed up and they had fun swimming. Then they had BBQ and talked about their summers before going home.
Tom was concerned with his privacy. He learned about how easy it was to hack webcams. Tom put a piece of duct tape over his web cam lens. Tom felt smart about this. Tom slept well knowing nobody could view his webcam.
My dentist recommended me to floss my teeth. I decided to go buy some floss. I went home and began flossing my teeth. My gums was very sensitive and began to bleed. Now I remember why I don't floss.
Justin gets let go from his job. He has to find a way to make ends meet. He looks up job opportunities online. He stumbles upon a recommended by his brother. Justin starts full time work online.
It was a very cold night. Ida was shivering. She got out of bed and got an extra comforter. Then she curled up under it. She felt a lot warmer!
The woman shampooed her hair twice. The label told her to do that. She left the conditioner in for ten seconds. The label recommended thirty. She regretted her decision to wash the conditioner out early.
Jeff and Eve had a big farm with a stable. Eve wanted to get a horse. Jeff was not sure. A sick friend needed help with his horse. Eve was happy to foster the horse, and Jeff agreed.
When I got married, I chose my own rings. My husband didn't care to buy me one. I found what I wanted on the internet. I placed the order online. When we broke up, he stole them from me.
The football game began. The opposing team scored the first couple of field goals. Although my team was down by 13 points, we didn't give up. We scored three field goals between the 3rd and 4th quarter. Although Brad made the winning touchdown, he was knocked into a coma.
I needed to choose an outfit for work. First, I tried on a dress. I decided the dress was too tight and looked unprofessional. Next, I tried on a pantsuit. The pantsuit looked great, so that is what I wore to work that day.
Mike was hiking. He saw a bear. It got scared of him. He was scared of it too. They both ran away.
Tom was a good worker. His job had to lay people off. Tom didn't make the cut. He filed for unemployment and got it. It kept him afloat until he found another job.
Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off. She panicked and called her electric company. They informed her that she had missed a payment. Not only that, but she was being charged a late fee. Jordan didn't have enough money for the fee, so her power stayed off.
Brandon wanted to keep large marine fish. He bought a 200 gallon aquarium and some gear. Starting with small puffers he acclimated himself to their needs. With great care the fish grew rapidly over the next year. Brandon now has many very large fish to admire.
Aileen took a course in speed reading. She learned a trick to read faster than ever. Aileen found she could read a book in an hour. Soon, Aileen ran out of library books to read. Now she spends her paycheck on her speed reading habit.
Laury went to the Vet's office because she wanted a dog. After she got there she took her time looking at all of the dogs. She saw a little black and white puppy and she instantly fell in love. So she decided that day that she would adopt him. She brought him home to her family and everyone else fell in love too.
Kelly got her nails done. She went to the local salon. She got them painted red. The only bad thing was that one broke. Kelly was so upset.
Bill decided he wanted a new truck. He went to the bank to get a loan. Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot. He found the perfect truck! Bill drove his new truck home.
London and her boyfriend lived an hour away. Neither of them had vehicles of their own. It was very hard for them to have dates. They spent a lot of time on the phone with each other. Michael saved up some money and bought a car so they could date more.
Sean and Sarah had never gone on a trip together. This weekend, they were going on their first. They left early in the morning. The whole trip was great except for one thing. Their room was very bad and not private feeling at all.
We rented a house in Fort Myers for vacation. When we got there we saw they had a vast DVD collection. But because they were German, all the movies were in subtitles. So we watched Mama Mia one afternoon and sang it in German. I'm not sure I learned any German but it was fun.
Gabby had a dream. Her father instilled that dream in her. Then they arrested the father. And it felt like the dream had been arrested. Gabby never fulfilled her dream.
Shiloh was born in India but came to America at age six. He was adopted by a family from New Mexico who had five other kids. Shiloh had always wanted a brother and felt lucky to have three. Sisters, however, were not his favorite. He often wished he could send his sisters to India permanently.
Rob has a crush on a girl from work. Rob has been planning for weeks to ask her out. One evening as his crush was leaving work Rob stops her. He asks her if she would like to go on a date. She tells Rob she is not interested in him and Rob is heartbroken.
My cousins originally planned to attend a movie. Since I was free, I planned to go. However, everyone cancelled their plans on the last day. Although I was furious, I remained calm. My friend invited me for dinner and we went there together.
Victor went to the doctor. He got tested for STD's. He was informed he had gonorrhea. He said it was impossible because he always used protection. The doctor shrugged and said not careful enough.
Anne went on a guided jungle trek. She rode an elephant on her safari. The elephant took the trekkers to a hidden jungle waterfall. There, they drank and cavorted in the refreshing water. Anna had a wonderful time on her jungle trek.
Pina speaks several languages. She does her best to keep her language skills current. She wants a career that puts her language skills to good use. She decides to become an interpreter. Pina is excellent at her new job.
Whitney had a lot of acne. Her mom wanted it to go away. She brought her to a dermatologist. He gave her some great medicine. Her acne finally cleared up.
Sally admired the pictures in a library book about fairies. She got a scissors and cut out one of the prettiest pictures. When Sally returned the book, the librarian smiled at her. The librarian said she always loved the pictures in that book. Sally stayed away from the library after that.
CJ loved clams. One day he went to the beach. He dug for clams. There were a lot of clams for him to collect. CJ had a great dinner that night with the clams.
I always ended up alone and lonely. I am easy to fall in love and easy so get hurt. There is this one guy who told me he loves me and show efforts for me. But when i fell in love with him too he just leave me. So i ended up loving him while he is in love with someone else.
Kate was home alone, on a dark and stormy night. Nervous, she locked all of the doors. Suddenly, the electricity and all of the lights went out. She heard a loud crash, and was certain it was a burglar so screamed. The lights came on and Katie laughed when she saw it was her cat.
Kya was doing bad in math class. She knew she was in danger of failing the course. She decided to study math every night for at least an hour. Soon her constant studying began to pay off. By the next semester, Kya's math grade was a B+!
Ellie is excited that she just got a new job. Her boss told her she needs to work on her computer skills. Ellie agreed. So she started taking online classes to brush up. Now Ellie is the best on computers in the whole office.
Jimmy is allergic to nuts. He took a big bite out of a candy bar. He swallowed it. He realized he just ate peanuts. Jimmy was rushed to the hospital for help.
Allie was listening to music. By accident it was too loud. Allie was shocked. She jumped. She was not expecting that at all.
Amy always wanted to learn how to make cabbage soup. She went to the grocery store to purchase all the items for the soup. She lined up all the items she bought on her kitchen table. She mixed some ingredients incorrectly into a cooking pot. This mistake caused the soup to taste awful.
Rebecca is a world class chef. She prepares pastries for famous people. Her classically trained fondue is world class. Rebecca receives praise for her fondue. Rebecca gets an enormous raise and a great job.
My pencil broke. I decided to sharpen it. Then, my sharpener broke. I got fed up and decided to buy some mechanical pencils. Now, I didn't have to deal with sharpeners so I was happy!
I was excited about taking my children to the local Zoo. As we walked and enjoyed the animal's we stopped at the chimp exhibit. The worker's there allowed my children to interact with the chimp. They performed gestures and the chimp would repeat them. That trip showed me how smart these creatures really where.
It had been a long day. Mary was ready to sit back and relax. She put on a movie and made some popcorn. The movie was much better than she anticipated. She was glad she took this time to unwind.
The man drove down the dirt road. He went around a corner to fast. His car lost traction. The car went over a cliff. The car exploded.
This winter I went skiing in Alaska with my friend. There was so much fresh snow! We were skiing all day because it was so fun. Both of us got a lot better at skiing from the trip. I cannot wait to go again next year!
Frank loves to go to this certain deli by his apartment. They make his sandwiches just the way he likes it. One day Frank was going home and noticed his deli was closed. He was told that the deli was put out of business. Now Frank has to find a new place to eat a sandwich.
Jeff and some friends went on a mountain weekend getaway. Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup. While packing up to return home, Jeff saw he had a flat tire. It was Sunday so there was no way of getting that fixed. Jeff carefully got everyone down the mountain, safe and sound.
Katie's mom had twins when Katie was four. At first Katie hated them! She was always being asked to help out. She felt abandoned. But soon enough, she grew to love her baby sisters!
Jan got a complaint from a customer at the diner for her poor service. Her manager began to lecture to her the importance of good service. This talk went on for longer than the manager realized. As a result, Jan was not able to tend to her section. Mid-lecture she saw guests in her section leave and she felt sad.
Bobby wanted a monkey for his birthday. He could not have a monkey but he could see one at the zoo. Bobby shared a banana with a monkey. The monkey chewed up the banana and spit it back in Bobby's face! Bobby hates monkeys.
Anna needed a cloak as part of her school uniform. Her mom bought her a cape instead. Anna decided to try to fix it herself. She bought a length of fabric and made a hood. Then she sewed it on her cape to make it a cloak!
Melissa had a crush on a boy she had met. She was talking to her friends about it and they knew of him. They all told her that he was a sexist jerk. She confronted him about it and he said that it wasn't true. She trusted him, and soon he had proven that it was true.
Today was quite a good day. I found out that my boyfriend had picked a wedding day. I could finally get on with all the plans that I had. Of course, my boyfriend was overwhelmed at all the ideas I had. I made sure that he had some input on them.
Drake was a fun loving guy. He liked to hang out with people all the time. He was always loud. This drove people away. So in the end, he lost many relationships.
Hernandez loved to go camping. One day, he went camping all day and night. Hernandez finally decided he needed to set up camp. After searching for many hours, he finally found a cave. Finally, Hernandez was able to sleep in his cave.
Amy went to Panera for lunch. The line was longer than she hoped. When it was finally her time the cashier walked away. Amy asked her to come back. The cashier told Amy she was on break and walked away.
Monica was excited to be at her local county fair. She was planning on riding her favorite rides after dark. Beforehand she ate some fried goodies with her friends. Unfortunately her stomach began to ache from the food. She ended up too sick to ride any ride.
After a long day, I take a warm shower. Then I brush my teeth. I begin my nightly face regimen. I finally lay down for the night. I fall asleep in 5 minutes.
Mary learned about dinosaurs at school last month. Mary decided she really liked learning about dinosaurs. She asked her parents to help her learn more about dinosaurs. They bought her a book so she could read more about them. Mary is on her way to becoming a dinosaur expert.
Oscar and his wife had money problems. Oscar got issued a summons to have his wages garnished. This was a huge hardship. They finally talked to an advisor. They were able to get everything on the right track.
I met an old friend for lunch. We laughed and talked for 2 hours. We showed off pictures of our families. We talked about our kids. We promised to meet again soon.
Rupert was the manager at a small textile factory. He came to work to find the factory empty. He panicked because he thought everyone had quit. He called one of his employees to ask where everyone was. The employee told Rupert that it was Saturday and nobody was working.
Maria was seventeen, and had still never had a boyfriend. All her friends teased her about never having kissed a boy before. Maria decided that she would kiss a boy no matter what. The next day, she saw her friend Dave and snuck behind him. She ambushed and kissed Dave, who was very pleased.
While out on a hike gloria ran into a snake. It was close enough to strike. She was scared but moved slowly. Eventually she was far enough away and ran. She kept her eyes open for more snakes on the trail.
Jasmine was nervous to be in her first play. She got the part as a sunflower. Jasmine began to get excited right before she got on stage. When she got on stage, she was no longer nervous. Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play.
The Cruz family loved going to the beach. One day, they take the family to their favorite local beach. The younger kids made sandcastles. The older kids went surfing. It was a fun day out for the entire family at the beach.
My great aunt was terrified of Preacher the parrot. She insisted he was cursing at everyone. She was hard of hearing, so she was hearing him incorrectly. We all teased her about it. One day, even I thought he was cursing, and I stopped laughing at her.
Anna had never wanted kids - even as a teenager. Her whole life, she had thought they were messy and pricey and dumb. But when she married, she realized her mind had somehow changed. She now ached to be a mommy and raise her own family! Anna and her husband decided to start a family right away!
Loyd always wanted a treehouse. His dad finally agreed to build him one. While up on the latter the dad slipped and fell. He broke his neck and died. Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother's constant blame.
I was driving home last week during the snowstorm. It had just started so I thought I was safe. All of a sudden I lost control of the car. I had hit a patch of black ice. I was able to get control but learned a valuable lesson.
Sally was a professional dancer. She was dancing on stage like usual. Until a slippery area of the stage caught her foot. She slipped and slammed down on the floor. She had to be carried off to the hospital.
Tina needed a new laptop. So she begged her parents for one. They said no. Tina then threw a fit. Finally her parents gave into her.
A man was angry that he kept getting people to annoy him at his house. He wanted to build a trap door on his front step. The man called a local handyman and explained what he wanted. The handyman told him that he was crazy but he'll do it. The handyman was lying and next called the police on the angry man.
John went for a bike ride. He saw an accident down the road. So he changed his course and looked at the accident. It was his mom! He helped save her, good thing John went for a bike ride.
Jason wanted to impress his girlfriend. Jason decided to make her dinner. Jason went to the store and bought ingredients. He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could. Jason's girlfriend was very happy with the meal.
Kelly decided to make some granola homemade. She got the ingredients together and put the oats in the oven. After awhile she smelled smoke. Frantic, she ran over to the oven. She saw the oats burned and she immediately shut the oven off.
Katie enjoyed knitting. She would knit in private by herself for days on end. One day she decided to knit a scarf for her best friend. Her friend's birthday arrived and she gave her the scarf. She was so excited when her friend asked to learn how to knit.
I had been craving pizza for days. I decided that's what I wanted for dinner. I called a nearby restaurant to place my order. Thirty minutes later, the delivery girl arrived. I brought the pizza inside and ate five slices!
My driveway was stained dark in some places. I went to the garage and grabbed the pressure cleaner. I brought it out to the driveway and hooked it up. I sprayed the driveway until the stains were gone. After I was done, the driveway was clean.
Loraline was living alone for the first time. She was very lonely and couldn't decide what to do about it. While watching TV, she saw an ad for the local humane society. The next day she went and adopted an older cat named Simon. Loraline and Simon never had to be lonely again.
Millie was cleaning up her house. As she cleaned the fridge a pile of spoiled food built up. When it was all done, she had heaps of food to throw out. She was very upset about the amount of food going to waste. From then on she decided to buy less food.
Ben wanted to get a special gift for his friend Ed for Christmas. He asked his mother to take him to the store to get Ed a gift. He looked through the mall but couldn't find anything. Then he asked his mother to take him to the pet store. She hadn't realized that Ed was a dog that Ben knew.
Lorraine did not want to clean her room. Her mama offered her two quarters. She still refused to clean her room. So her mama offered her a cookie and two quarters. Lorraine cleaned her room for the love of cookies.
The children were having fun exploring the woods. They decided they would build a fort. As they gathered sticks, they uncovered a rabbit burrow. They were delighted, and vowed to care for the babies. They returned each day until the rabbits were grown.
Sara was an awesome girl. All the boys wanted to date her. She was a confident girl and did not like most of them. She chose the best one. They got married last March.
I love video games, so I bought a new controller. This controller was wireless and I did not have to plug it in. One day, it stopped working. I searched for the problem, but could not figure it out. My friend finally told me that he broke the controller.
Today was the first sunny day in a week. I opened up all the windows in the house. The warm air felt perfect. I wanted all the sun to shine in. I was tired of the rain.
Laura wanted to adopt a kitten. She found one she really liked with black and gray spots. The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out. Laura went home feeling defeated. The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind.
Shane left his house to go to school. He went to the mall instead. Shane's parents got a call from the school. They knew he hadn't attended. Shane was grounded by his parents.
My friend Rosa is a New Age believer. She was pregnant in 1994. One day Rosa asked me to get some Moxie in Chinatown. She burned it to apply to her feet to turn her breech baby. Amazingly, the baby turned.
Yesterday I played thumb war with my brothers. We had a small tournament. I was never good at this but got lucky I actually beat everyone. Now I'm the new champ and have to defend my title next week.
Jon needed some new clothes. A friend worked at a clothing store. The friend offered his employee discount. John wasn't sure but the friend said it was allowed. John was able to get some clothes at cheaper prices.
Gloria is the person I go to when I have problems. I made sure to see her privately when I had family issues last month. When I got to her office, she wasn't busy so we talked for an hour. After all was said and done, I didn't have clear solution. However, she had helped enough for me to be on track to finding one.
My sister in law has smoked for over 50 years. Her son used to smoke pot. He recently became a father and stopped smoking. He offered to pay to help her stop smoking, but she refused. He is concerned for her health.
My heat pump broke the other day. The repairman told me it would cost a lot of money to repair. I was so stressed out I could barely sleep. Finally, I got online and discovered Mturk and started making money. I'm so relieved to be able to fix the heat pump!
Susan came down with a cold. She lamented her illness, and stayed home in bed. She developed a terrible cough, but didn't have the right medicine. Susan called a friend and asked for help. Her friend brought her a bag of lozenges, which really hit the spot.
Anna went for ice cream. But the shop was out of regular cones. They only had waffle cones left! She'd never tried those, but she decided to sample it. Anna found that she liked waffle cones very much.
Emma bought a hen for her new farm. She waited patiently for her to lay her first egg. Soon, Emma found an egg waiting in the coop! She took it inside and set it on the counter. She didn't have the heart to crack it so she kept it for weeks.
Tucker was about to leave one morning. It was cold out so he grabbed his coat. To his dismay the coat was suspiciously wet. He was forced to go into the cold with no warmth. Luckily his trip was short and he was back inside quickly.
I sold books on amazon from 2007 to 2011. One day I saw a craigslist post for books. It was a convent library. I offered the sister $100 for 1000 books and she accepted. I had a fun time selling off the books.
Mississippi has a state flag controversy. Many places are wanting to take it down. Some have already chosen to remove it. Some have kept it up. Now it is being voted on.
Lily really liked spending time with her friend Lewis. They hung out everyday. Lewis asked her out. Lily was surprised but said yes. The two went out the next day.
I picked up a bottle of red dye yesterday. I was pretty convinced it would be good. When I tried it it was amazing. I got many compliments. I had to try it again.
Sue had never had cherry pie. Her friends didn't believe her when she told them. She'd simply just never had any. They went right down to the bakery to get Sue some. Sue took a bite and thought it just tasted okay.
Ian was on his school's basketball team. He had trouble with foul shots. The coach told him to work on his foul shots. Ian practiced extra hard. Ian won the the next game making five foul shots.
Jenny's family picked way too many strawberries. Her mother learned how to can so she could make jelly. They spent days canning the jelly. They ended up with 36 jars! All of their friends got jelly for Christmas that year!
Lisa went on a date with Lewis. She was excited to go on it. When the two met at the restaurant it was great. They had amazing chemistry. Lisa wanted to be with him again.
Bobby was about to start kindergarten. His father thought it was time for him to get his first haircut. He was nervous because he didn't know what to expect. When he sat in the big chair the woman holding scissors seemed nice. He felt like a big boy with his new haircut.
Buddy woke up way hungry. He decided he needed something quick. He got a bowl out. He grabbed his favorite cereal. He loved how it tasted!
The janitor was cleaning the school one night. He kept hearing noises. He didn't understand why. He was the one with access to it at night. He disregarded the noises and went back to his work.
Steve wanted me to go to the fair one year. It was very crowded so I didn't really want to go. He insisted that I should go so I regretfully went. The fair was alright but I didn't enjoy it too much. After a few more hours I got more adjusted and loved it!
Dale was a very hand man but had a fear of heights. His roof had started leaking during a storm but Dale couldn't fix it. Dale tried to climb a ladder after the storm to fix his roof. He got terrified halfway up and couldn't go further. Dale had to call a contractor to fix his roof for him.
Jan's teacher assigned reading for homework. Jan forgot to read. When she got to class, her teacher gave a pop quiz. Jan failed the quiz. Her grade dropped by 2 points.
The day I lost my car, was the day I walked over ten miles. I haven't had a walk like that ever. I walked for miles across major city streets in dress shoes. My feet were sore, but I persisted. I finally made it back home after hours.
Bob and Sue heard a loud noise outside. They looked out and there was a horse in their yard. It was eating apples right out of their tree! They weren't sure what to do. The horse grabbed another apple before trotting off.
Katelyn was sitting with her toddler. Their favorite song came on. The toddler wanted to sing. Katelyn began singing with him. The toddler loved it.
A giant storm blew through overnight. Lightning popped for at least two hours straight. The electricity flickered on and off. I made sure everything was ok, and there were no weather warnings. I was awake all night, listening until the storm ended.
One day the Ash family went on a picnic. However some ants got to the sandwiches. They had to prepare new ones. They kept them safer the second time. They ended up having a lot of fun.
Tomorrow is the day of the big race and Rose is going to compete. She's been training hard all year for this race. Rose is confident in herself to win. Last night while training Rose broke her bike in an accident. In the nick of time Rose replaced the bike and came in first place.
Donovan got off the bus, already feeling the heat of the day. He had many errands to run, but first he stopped by the bank. His second stop was to the tax office where he waited half the day. Feeling hungry, he stopped at the patty shop for a patty and juice. Donovan bit into the patty and knew the trip to town was worth it.
Artyom Callister was a guard at a border crossing. He'd patrol up and down on his ATV looking for illegals. One day he came across a family. He saw fear and hope in their eyes. He had them detained and deported.
I went to work yesterday. I began to cough. I went into the bathroom to clean up. I saw that I was very sick. I went home early from work.
Homer decided to go watch a movie. But when he entered the movie theater, there was no where to sit. He found one spot by a bunch of kids. And during the movie, they made lots of noise. Homer became so annoyed, he decided to sit in the aisle.
John peaked around the corner. He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him. The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief. John looked at his gun to ensure it was fully loaded. He loved playing paintball on the weekends more than anything.
James was an overdressed student. He came to class everyday wearing a suit and tie. He like comments about the way he dresses. A few weeks later he came to class dressed casual. The Instructor congratulated him for dressing like a student.
Jerry studied all night for his exam. He woke up early in the morning to get to class early. He saw a paper posted in front of the class. It says that class is cancelled. Although Jerry was mad, he walked out of the building in a good mood.
Lisa was all ready to go to her trip to Europe. She went on the plane and arrived to Europe in half a day. Lisa got settled into her dorm and was having a good time. Unfortunately, Lisa was very upset. She forgot to bring her purse full of Euros with her!
Gina's teen brother Jay was trying to go upstairs. He had been fighting with his dad in the basement. Their dad was angry, and wouldn't let the boy leave. Jay pushed his father partly down the stairs. The older man erupted and began to hit Jay.
Becky helped her daughter shop for a costume. She steered her daughter away from all the sexy get-ups. The only costumes left were childish, but Becky insisted. Becky dropped her daughter off at the party. Then she waited at home, expecting the worst.
Henry gave me a glass of juice. When I decided to drink it, I enjoyed it. He said that the drink was homemade. When I asked what that meant, he giggled. I poured the drink on the ground and drunk water.
Nancy got containers to put away the leftover candy after Halloween. She organized the candy bars, hard candy, and chewy candy. She put each category of candy into a container. She labeled the containers with the date. She put the containers away in the cabinet.
Tom loved snowboarding. He would go out as often as possible. One day he accidentally broke his board. His friends got money together and bought him a new one. Tom was overwhelmed with positive feelings.
Jervis wanted to get a dog. He went to a pound to find a puppy. Jervis picked out a small puppy. He brought the puppy home and gave him some water to drink. Jervis was happy to have a dog.
The teachers at Edison School had a constant problem with discipline. One day, the students started a food fight at the cafeteria. There was a big mess everywhere, so four teachers had to clean it up. The teachers decided the whole school would be suspended for a week. After the suspension, all the children learned to behave.
Every year, the museum puts up Christmas displays. Last year we decided to go look at them. I was shocked to find the Goldsmith's exhibit in the museum. Memories flooded me of seeing those same decorations in the mall. I nearly cried while reminiscing about those displays.
I went to a concert with my friend last night. We saw one of my favorite bands. After the concert I got to meet the singer of the band. I told him how much I loved his music. He signed my t shirt!
Sam was driving home from work late at night. There was a dog in the middle of the road. She swerved to avoid hitting the dog, and lost control of her car. The next thing she remembered was heading towards a fence. Luckily she was able to maneuver away from the fence and to safety.
Jim was working on a project. He needed to study a specific book. He went to the library. Then, he checked the computer for the book. Luckily, he found it on a nearby shelf.
I met my wife in an office in South Boston. I was fired there one Friday. My wife was not happy. She found another job and quit without notice. Later we found out the company had gone out of business.
Ike had an interview at a law firm. He was very nervous! But he did his best at the interview. The next day, a manager called Ike to offer him a job. Ike was so proud of himself!
Teddy had gotten a new pair of glasses. His eyesight was still bad. Teddy was dizzy and having headaches. He went back to the optometrist. They had given Teddy the wrong prescription.
Gary asked Jen if she still had the money he gave her. Jen said she didn't have anything. However, he realized that she brought a coat. He noticed that the total bill was $1000 dollars. He argued with Jen since she didn't spend it on bills.
Grant's parents always told him not to gamble. However, he enjoyed playing cards at school. A teacher found him and some others betting their lunch money. The teacher called Grant's parents to inform them of this. Grant was not allowed to attend after school activities for a week.
Gordon was in 3rd grade. 3rd grade classes are required to clean the cafeteria after lunch. Gordon really didn't want to clean the cafeteria. He ate at the 4th grade lunch table to appear as a 4th grader. Gordon watched his classmates clean the cafeteria from afar.
Mark and Mandy didn't like their new neighbors. Mark and Mandy could hear them make love every night. Mark was tired of it and knocked on their door. Mark said, could you guys keep it down at night? The couple responded saying they thought Mark would like a show.
Denise tried out to be a pro cheerleader. She went to practices. She had the best costume. She made the first cut. She made it to the second round before being cut.
One night my friend called me crying. She was walking down the street in Baltimore when someone pushed her. She fell down a flight of cement stairs and split her head. The assailant did not attempt to take anything and fled the scene. My friend needed 6 staples in her head.
Dan wanted a treehouse. He begged his dad to build him one. Finally, Dan's dad agreed. He labored all summer with wood and nails. Finally Dan had his very own treehouse!
Bob was a homeless man with very little possessions in his town. Bob was selected to play in a very famous game show. Bob had the chance to win one million dollars to answer questions. Bob answered all the questions correctly. Bob is now the richest person in his town.
Billed clicked the submit button with satisfaction. Another excellent story had been told. He looked at the screen in confusion. The icon was still spinning long after its should have gone through. Bill resisted the impulse to hurl his computer out the window.
Amy wanted to to clean her garage. Each time she planned to do it she ran out of time. For a year things piled up in the garage. Finally Amy offered her nephew $100 to clean the garage. Amy was happy to finally have her garage clean again.
Aya was going to the shore with friends. Her mom urged her to take a jacket. Aya didn't think she needed one, but she took one anyway. At the shore, it grew windy and chilly. Aya was glad she'd listened to her mom after all!
Thomas was splitting wood with his axe when his back got sore. He decided that he could not chop wood anymore. He bought an electric log splitter the next day. Thomas has been chopping so much wood that he can sell some. The splitter has already paid for itself.
Johnny hurt his nose in an accident. As a result, he couldn't smell very well. His roommate complained about a smell in the room. He looked around, trying to find the source. He was unsuccessful because of his injury.
The husband and son became obsessed with beef jerky. They love it so much that I need to buy more tomorrow. They eat an entire bag each when I bring it home. Even the dog begs for jerky. They are all eating it right now.
Tom was in a ufc fight. He was doing well on his feet. His opponent took him to the ground. Tom couldn't defend well enough. He was beaten with a submission.
Susan loved knitting. She decided to knit a scarf. When she was done she gave it to her friend. Her friend loved it. She was happy she was pleased.
Hanna shouted, beside herself with rage and fury. Her anger turned into a storm of yelling and cursing. Hanna's sphincter clenched as tight as a snare drum. She stared down the poor Pizza Hut employee. Hanna did not like her pizza drowned in tomato sauce!
I went to the amusement park with my friend today. I told him i would not get on the roller coasters. After some convincing i agreed to ride one. Although i was scared before it started, it was actually really fun. Now i can't wait to go back and ride them all.
I've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball. I can touch the rim but I can't quite get the ball over the rim. I only need about two more inches to successfully dunk a ball. I worked out my legs hard for a month and added height to my vertical. Now I can dunk a basketball easily every time!
Kelly felt unprepared for her exam. She was super busy lately and had no time to study. After she took the test she got a terrible grade. Kelly felt horrible. She vowed to study next time.
Gina was a very good car mechanic. She wanted to make a career out of it and sent out her resume. Many garages didn't answer her request but she persevered. She finally found a garage who wanted to hire her. She was very happy to be the first woman mechanic in her town.
Rose couldn't afford to get dentures fitted for her mouth. Instead she wore a pair of dentures she bought from the thrift store. One night, she told her son how badly the dentures hurt. The very next day, a dentist called, confirming her appointment. Her son had gone ahead and paid for new dentures.
One day Jeff was driving to Dallas in his Jaguar. Jeff got on the highway and was driving very fast. Suddenly there was a loud sound as Jeff's tire had a blow out. Jeff did not know how to change a tire. Jeff called his sister and asked her how to change a tire.
Martin is cooking. He is making eggs on the stove. He flips the egg in the air. It lands on the floor. Martin ruins his eggs.
Leon was smoking his pipe on his porch. He absentmindedly sat the pipe down on his lap. The tobacco spilled onto his trousers. It was hot, and Leon jumped up. Leon threw the pipe in the yard and stormed inside.
Sophia wasn't a good swimmer. Sophia was relaxing by the pool with some friends. Her friends played a joke on her and pushed her into the pool. Sophia panicked and was drowning. Her friends had to jump in and save her life.
My 99 year old friend Dave sits on the bench a lot. When he came back from appointments he would sit. Yesterday his daughter dropped him off. Dave said hello and went home. His daughter said he had been getting tired and had seen a doctor.
Browsing through the cosmetic store, Blake was on a mission. She was looking for a good concealer set. Overwhelmed by her options, she asked for assistance. The make up artist recommended a brand to her. After purchasing it, she's glad she listened to him.
Kim was an experienced artist. And she saw online videos of another artist drawing. Kim was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist's drawings were. And she was upset by how many online fans she had. Kim decided to spam negative comments on all of the videos.
They went out to see a movie together. When they got home, they found the carpet had been destroyed. Their dog had closed herself inside the bedroom. In an effort to escape, she had torn up the carpeting. They had to replace the carpet in the entire room.
I thought investing in an apple laptop was a good idea. It suited me well and I got a lot of enjoyment out of it. We became a part of each other. Then one day the screen looked all messed up. The video card fried and that was the end of it.
Lauren had just bought a brand new car. She was cruising down the road listening to music. She got a phone call and looked down at her phone. While she was distracted she swerved off the road. Lauren hit a telephone pole and totaled her new car.
Jeanine believed firmly in the cause of recycling. She decided to make her small town friendlier to recycling. She talked to her neighbors and organized meetings. After a lot of efforts, Jeanine's town finally had recycling bins. She celebrated by throwing a party using recycled paper for plates.
Tim was a civil engineer. He had drawn the plans for a large skyscraper. Tim was present on the most important day of construction. If everything didn't go perfectly he was going to lose his job. He was very nervous, but everything worked out perfectly!
Tim loved playing outdoors. He would always get muddy. He always dragged mud in his home. He quickly became annoyed with cleaning the mud in his home. Tim decided to change clothes before entering his home to solve this.
Todd wanted to earn a little extra money. He offered to paint one of his neighbor's barns. Todd did a good job painting the barn. His neighbor paid him well. Todd used the money to buy dinner for him and his wife.
It was time to celebrate the nation's independence. THe tourists liked to observe all the new traditions. They took lots of photos of the festivities. When they returned home, they showed all their friends. The friends said it looked like they'd had a very exotic trip.
Tom loved going to haunted houses for Halloween. He convinced his girlfriend to go with him. Tom's girlfriend didn't like them at all. She broke down halfway through and refused to keep walking. They had to let her and Tom out a side exist.
Louisa wanted to go on a scavenger hunt. She went on one with her friends. The girls started finding many objects. After an hour, they were done. When they were done they won a prize.
In middle school Zach couldn't pronounce his s's. He was too self conscious to read in front of the class. All the other kids made fun of him. He was determined to fix it, so he went to speech class. After 8th grade, he didn't have a lisp, and regained his confidence.
Andy is a unique character. Being friends with him is like an acquired taste. At work, his friend Jim played a prank on him. Andy was so mad that he punched a hole in the wall. Jim didn't know Andy had an anger problem.
Lisa wanted to save money on bread. So she decided to learn how to bake it herself. Her first several tries weren't successful. And she ended up spending more on extra flour than she wanted. But after a few weeks, she never had to buy bread again.
Sarah wanted a snack. She did not have time to go to the store. She was able to scrounge up enough money for the vending machine. She chose her bag of candy and couldn't wait to eat it. When she ripped into the bag, it was full of one color of skittles.
Kelsi wanted a quick meal at the new restaurant yesterday. She went and took a table. Unfortunately the waitstaff was terrible. The staff were not friendly. Kelsi was sure not to leave a nice tip.
Bob accidentally dropped his iPhone. He broke the screen on his phone. He ordered a replacement screen for $20 off of eBay. He got the screen in the mail the next day. Bob repaired his phone with the tutorial video that he watched online.
I was reading a great book last night. Problem was I was so tired. My eyes kept closing. I kept trying to keep them open. Yet I ended up falling asleep.
Lynn was six months pregnant with twins. She was having a lot of contractions. The doctor told her to come in and get checked out. She was hooked up to lots of machines. She stayed there for five hours.
Joe woke with a stiff neck and backache each day. He decided to splurge on a pricey memory foam pillow. The first night, he slept much better. He woke with no soreness at all! Joe was glad he's bought the fancy new pillow!
Martin had just finished baking an apple pie. He had been anticipating it all day. As he opened the oven, the aroma reached his nostrils. Unfortunately, there was a hole in Martin's oven mitt. He yelled as he burned his hand and dropped the pie.
My family arrived at a buffet for mother's day. The place was crowded. The hostess said they will call us when it is our turn. However, couple minutes later she called us. This was strange because there was people waiting longer than us.
Scout was a corgi puppy with stumpy little legs. Stairs were scary to her because she could hardly get up them. One day, she looked up the stairs to see a delicious hot dog treat. She thought hard - was the treat worth facing the stairs? A few seconds later she bounded up the steps and claimed her prize.
The others already knew that Melissa was a bit claustrophobic. As they inched along the wide corridors, the walls started to narrow. The cave reached a point where it was a tight squeeze to proceed. Melissa felt anxious but trudged forward. She got past the barrier and felt immense relief as the cave widened.
My husband wanted to buy me a gift. I collect antique cookie jars. He found the perfect cookie jar for me online. He ordered the cookie jar. I was so surprised by the gift!
The Smiths were having a family dinner. After waiting for their meal they got the wrong one. The waitress was embarrassed and fixed the problem. She gave the Smiths free dessert to make up for it. The Smiths thanked her with a good tip.
Tina walked on stage for her first debate in front of a crowd. The judges began to ask questions to the two speakers. After answering the questions, Tina felt very nervous about arguing. Tina pulled herself together and debated her opponent her hardest. After a long, hard debate, Tina defeated her opponent and won.
Kim left her house to go to the pool. She met up with some close friends. They played some water volleyball. Then Kim went off the high dive. She ended her pool trip with an ice cream cone.
Sally's teacher let the class use fingerpaints to make backgrounds. The teacher collected their finger painted papers. The next day, the teacher handed out the paintings randomly. Sally protested because she wanted her own finger painting. The teacher made Sally sit in the corner for her pridefulness.
Darren was hungry so he walked to a vending machine. He put in four quarters to buy some chips. The machine started to drop the bag, but stopped before it could fall. He shook the vending machine to try to get his chips to fall. Finally his chips fell and he savored his chips.
Gwen was at her high school football game on Friday night. She was showing off the new ring from her boyfriend. Gwen dropped the ring through the bleachers to the ground below. It was dark underneath with garbage on the ground. The next day, Gwen rented a metal detector and found her ring.
James is in third grade. Mira sits in front of him in class. One day he uses his safety scissors to cut a small lock of Mira's hair The school treats the incident as an assault with a weapon. The school suspends James for 3 days.
Jeremy broke his leg. He was in bed rest. He stared out of his window. He saw a crime. He reported it.
The new library was set to be unveiled. The college had been working on it for 3 years. All of the students and faculty were excited to see it. The day arrived and the doors were opened. Everyone agreed the new library was beautiful.
Last summer a few friends invited me to go rafting. It was a three day trip. I agreed to go. I never actually planned to. Once the day came around I pretended to be sick.
The other day I was putting up curtains. I wanted to frame the window. I chose a nice matching color. After everything was done I noticed it was crooked. I had to start over again.
Tom was a poor man. One day he played the lottery. He didn't think he would when. He went home and watched the channel that announces the winners. He was announced.
Hannah had the lead in her school play. She was worried because the other kids weren't learning their parts. Hannah met with the director to voice her concerns. The director talked to the cast and made sure everyone was on track. The play turned out to be a huge success!
Heidi didn't have much storage. She kept things under her bed. She didn't like seeing that clutter, so she bought a dust ruffle. Heidi liked having that junk hidden away. She felt much more organized after that change.
Kelly noticed a cop car behind her. She pulled off to the side of the road. The cop warned her that her brake lights weren't working. The cop let her go with a warning. Kelly drove to a car parts shop and bought a new light.
I wore my favorite sweater today. Someone complimented its red color. It felt good to get a compliment. I will wear this sweater more often. I hope I get more compliments in the future.
The business had moved to a new location. Their first day open, the boss placed incense around the office. The staff tried to work but thought the incense did not smell good. The staff voted Charles to be the direct one and approach the boss. Charles went into the boss' office and says, those incense stink.
Will had very bad teeth. He was very embarrassed of them. He went to the dentist. The dentist fixed his teeth. Will has a great smile.
Joe wanted to learn how to play guitar to impress Cindy. Joe saved up his money so he could take lessons. When he had enough money saved, Joe scheduled some lessons. Joe practiced really hard and now he knows how to play guitar. Joe played his guitar for Cindy, and she was really impressed.
Brendon and Shelly went on a date. They went to a steak restaurant. The service was very poor. The waiter ignored them. The date did not go well.
It was Kelly's last day of school. She was thrilled it was finally over. Kelly couldn't believe she was heading to highschool next year. Her class threw a large party to celebrate. Kelly was elated.
Craig is driving home from work one night. While pulling into his driveway he notices something on the ground. He gets out of his car and rushes over to see what it is. As he looks in horror he sees his Dog lying dead on the ground. Craig tears up as he realizes he has just lost a close friend.
John went to the zoo one day. He walked up the orangutans and began to watch them. They started to notice and become agitated by John. The orangutans began to throw feces at John. John ran away and decided he didn't like apes.
Sally loved cute shoes. She bought a pair of great wedges. She wore them that night to dinner. As she walked, the strap broke. The shoes were ruined!
Gina thought it would be a good idea to change her hair color. She went to the store to buy a dye. There were so many options, she didn't know what to choose. She picked one at random hoping it would work. When she came out of the bathroom, her hair was red and shiny.
Bob was writing his new novel. Stacks of papers piled high on his desk. He was getting hot, so he decided to open a window. A gust of wind blew into the room. Papers flew everywhere.
Paloma was a cat lady. She owned 20 cats. Her neighbors reported her because her cats had mange. The authorities took away her cats. Paloma drowned herself in her pool because her cats were gone.
In the evening, the sky over our house is filled with flying bats. One evening, last August, a bat flew into the house. It was flying all over while I chase it with a broom. My husband opened all the windows and doors. It finally exited the same way it came in, through the front door.
Kim locked herself out of her house. She decided to climb through a window to get in. She managed to climb inside. But she fell and hurt her hand on the way in. Kim decided to remember her keys in the future!
Frank had a bad temper. If he got angry, he would yell at everyone around him. Frank decided to work on his issues. But once someone made him angry, he started screaming again. He apologized and promised to try harder next time.
Diaz had always wanted to ride a tractor. One day, he was able to visit a farm. The farmer was nice enough to let him ride the tractor. After a while, Diaz crashed the tractor. Now, the farmer is angry with Diaz.
Janie joined an exercise class with her friend. She didn't like it at first. It was very confusing and fast paced. Janie kept attending the class. Eventually she was able to keep up with the routines.
Marly adored the wedding ring her husband Chris gave her. He had saved for months to buy it, and both of them were proud of it. But one day Marly took it off briefly, and lost track of it after. Both searched frantically, but couldn't find it and gave up hope. Two weeks later Marly found it while gardening, and was ecstatic.
The Vice President had a phone call. It was one of her aides calling her. She answered the phone. The aide told her that the President had died. The Vice President would now be the President.
Rudy was ostracized by his peers. Rudy's peers never let him join their sports. The coach let Rudy on the team and made him captain. Rudy did a great job in a difficult situation. All his peers praised and accepted him.
Jennifer studied for weeks before the spelling bee. On the day of the bee, she was very nervous. She took her place at the front of the auditorium. She spelled all her words correctly and won. Jennifer became her school spelling bee champion.
Timmy went to the shooting range for the first time. He looked at all the guns and ammunition. He picked the one he liked best. After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting. He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon.
Charlie was at a party with her friends. She was wearing a stylish white dress and sipping some wine. Suddenly her glass slipped, leaving a stain on her clothes. She tried her best to clean the dress but it was useless. It was completely ruined by the wine stain.
Joe was bit by a cat when he was very young. Since then, he has always been scared of cats. One day at school, a cat came up to him and played with him. Joe had a lot of fun with the cat. Now, Joe is not scared of cats.
Janna kept on waking up super tired. She would wonder what was the cause of her drowsiness. Every day she would wake up feeling pains on her neck. She bought a new pillow to switch her old one. Every since then, she was able to wake up pain free.
Felicity was having a hard time with money. She was always spending it. She made a lot of excuses about why she was broke. Finally she got help with her money. Now she is not stressed out anymore.
The girl was holding a camera. She was filming a movie. She wanted to enter it in a film festival. She directed her crew and cast on what to do. When she finished, she yelled that it was a wrap.
Chris and Lisa met the first day of college. All of their first year they took the same classes. Their sophomore year, Lisa transferred schools. Realizing Lisa was his true love, Chris applied to transfer too. Chris was thrilled when he was accepted, so he could be with Lisa.
Nicole is working hard to be a model. She is beautiful and meets a photographer. The photographer promises her fame and fortune. She works with the photographer for a period of time. He turns out to be a scam artist.
Sarah was doing her laundry. She was about to put her clothes into the washing machine. Suddenly, her laundry hamper ripped wide open. All her clothes fell on the ground. Sarah had to pick up her clothes from the ground afterwards.
Tom was in a cage fight. He was doing really well. He knocked his opponent down and followed him to the floor. The opponent was able to pull of a triangle choke. Tom was caught and submitted.
Patrick went to Myrtle Beach every year for his vacation. He lost his job this year and couldn't afford to go this year. He saw an ad for a summer delivery driver. Patrick got the job and worked all summer. He now has the money to go to Myrtle Beach.
A friend visited with me for the night. There was a pond behind my house. I wanted to show him. So we got our lanterns. Then we went to check it out.
Adam was a nice young man. He got married with his high school sweetheart. He had a nice big wedding. Years after the wedding Adam's wife becomes unhappy. Adams wife leaves him and they get divorced.
Brad was making his wife blueberry pancakes for breakfast. After mixing the buster, he found he had a problem. There were no blueberries left in the freezer! So he sliced up a banana and stirred that in instead. His wife loved her delicious banana pancake breakfast!
Chad told his date, Meaghann , that he liked cheese. Meaghann invited Chad on a picnic. Chad should have told Meaghann that he like cheddar. Meaghann came to the picnic with 30 different types of cheese. Harper, the dog, enjoyed the rest at the end of the picnic.
I've enjoyed writing ever since I was a little girl. I just recently submitted one of my short stories to a competition. I excitedly told my brother about it, expecting him to be happy. He grinned really big and said the first rejection letter is special. Thanks a lot for the confidence boost, bro.
Paula was very concerned about the safety of her new baby. She never let him out of her sight, which concerned her family. Her folks encouraged Paula to get out every once in awhile. She wasn't comfortable letting anyone babysit until her folks offered. Knowing the baby was safe, Paula finally enjoyed an evening out.
Maggie was laying in bed freezing. She and her husband could never agree on the heat setting. He was asleep, so she crept out of bed to the thermostat. She raised the temperature a few degrees. She also grabbed another blanket as she made her way back to bed.
Sky was five years old and about to take her first plane ride. She was very frightened about it! So her mom bought her a model plane and explained how it worked. Then she let Sky watch videos of planes taking off and landing. By flight day, Sky was excited and ready to fly!
Tom was a proud dog owner. Unfortunately, Tom was a lonely man. Tom usually walked his dog in his own neighborhood. One day, Tom decided to take his dog to the dog park. Tom met new friends there, and was never lonely again.
Chad was helping a customer get an item from the shelf. The customer was delighted with the service by Chad. The customer turned to Chad and thanked him for his service. Chad was happy he could help the customer get the item. However, Chad was more pleased by his kind words.
Jane picked out a new doll from the store. She went to pay for the doll. The cashier told her the price was three dollars. Jane only had two dollars. The cashier loaned Jane a dollar.
Allie got a burn. She had to get the aloe. When she go the gel it did not work. It did nothing. Allie was not happy.
A group of girls were trying to protest in front of the school. They spoke about the dangers of certain meats. The principal walked out of his office. He warned the girls that their behavior will result in detention. They didn't listen and continued to protest.
Ben was an incorrigible smoker. He smoked everywhere. Once he went to sleep and lit a cigarette in a bed. He fell asleep. His bed caught fire.
My wife had just accepted a job offer. Now, both of us worked full time. That meant that my dog was alone for nine hours a day. We started to feel bad for him. Thus, I quit my job so I could stay home with the dog.
Ash was camping with his family. Then wanted to make s'mores. They all piled their ingredients onto sticks and toasted them. Everyone else's s'mores turned out well. But Ash's s'mores were just a messy, burned lump of goo!
Bo's favorite part of Christmas decorating was putting out the train. He and his dad would work together for hours setting it up. They put the track around the Christmas tree. They'd set up a whole village around it. Then they'd sit back and enjoy watching it circle the track.
Colby always wanted to play Basketball for his school. It was time for tryouts so Colby decided to go and tryout. The coach said that Colby had a lot of talent and skills. Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play. He went to his first game and scored twenty points.
Abby was downsizing to a smaller house. However, Abby knew she could not take all the items with her. Abby decided to hold a garage sale in her neighborhood. Abby posted signs advertising for her garage sale on Saturday. Abby was excited to be holding her first garage sale.
Kaiser loved the sunshine so much he never wanted it to rain. One day he woke up and it was raining so he cried. His mother explained that the grass and flowers need the rain to grow. The next day the sun was shining and Kaiser admired the flowers. Now he  understood why we need both the sun and the rain.
John was vacationing in the Australian outback. Foolishly, he struck out into the bush. After many hours, he realized he was lost. John was out of food and water. After a scary night, he was found and rescued.
Amy's internet wasn't working. A technician came to her home to repair the issue. The technician explained, and repaired the issue. The technician gave Amy her card to call if she had other problems. Amy was incredibly impressed by his professionalism.
Alex was sick in bed. His grandmother came over to take care of him. She brought Alex soup in bed and read stories. Alex loved having grandma over. Alex asked his grandma to live with him always.
The bus ran into a gasoline truck. Both vehicles slid on the highway. Many cars had to come to a stop in order to avoid being hit. Police officials came and evacuated all of the children from the car. The fire extinguisher team quickly extinguished all of the flames.
Gina took her kids to a local mall. They struggled to get through the building since it was crowded. Many people were buying items from back-to-school sales. By the time we arrived, a vast majority of sales were ended. Therefore, Gina decided to come with her kids during another day.
Renny had a favorite cup he used every day. One day she told her son to put it in the sink for her. Her son grabbed the cup and walked towards the sink. On his way there, he tripped on a toy that was left on the ground. Renny's son and her favorite cup fell to the ground and her cup broke.
Betty put the trash can out on the curb at night. The next morning, the can was knocked over and garbage was everywhere. Betty couldn't figure out what had happened. The next night, she saw a raccoon snooping around. He had knocked over the trash can the night before!
I wrote a note in class. I tried to catch Jim's attention in order to pass it to him. However, my teacher noticed me. She took the note away and read it out loud. The entire class was laughing.
Rene Found a recipe for stir fry. She bought the ingredients. She followed the recipe to make the stir fry. She forgot to turn off the stove top when she was done. She burned her stir fry.
In kindergarten, during nap times, some kids got to make Playdough. The teacher never chose me because I never took a nap. One day I decided to really look like I was sleeping. When the teacher walked by I'd breath really hard and deep. Then one fine day I felt the tap on my shoulder and made playdough!
Yvonne wanted to bake the best pie. To do so, she needed the best fruits. She endeavored to ask her neighbors for their peaches and raspberries. She made excellent pies with them. And to thank her neighbors she gave them one pie each.
Amy's friend Beth came for a visit from out of state. Amy was happy to see Beth after 2 years away. They went to the theater, and the museum. After 3 days Beth left and returned home. Amy was very happy with Beth's visit.
Paul had horrible allergies. His doctor prescribed a medication to him. The medicine helped a lot! Paul was able to go play outside. He was happy to not be stuck indoors.
Charlie was a smart boy, but he thought he knew everything. Any time a teacher tried to teach him something, he didn't listen. He spent all his time drawing during class and not listening. One day, Charlie had to take a test over what he learned in class. Because he didn't listen, Charlie didn't pass the test.
My car is old and ugly. Children laugh at me when I drive down the street. This makes me sad. I have started saving money for a new car. I will happy when I have my new, beautiful car.
Seth was a compulsive gambler. One day, he doubled his entire life savings at a casino. A friend told him to quit while he was ahead. Seth thought his luck would never end and placed another bet. Seth has been living on the streets ever since.
Derek was eating dinner at a nice restaurant. He left his table to go to the restroom. Inside the restroom he saw a sign that said employees must wash hands. Derek waited and waited, but no employee showed up to wash his hands. Derek clearly did not understand the sign.
I am having trouble making ends meet. In particular, I am unsure how I will feed myself in the coming month. My friend advised I look into buying beans and rice. I find that they are indeed hearty and inexpensive. But I doubt I can make myself eat only beans and rice all month.
A little baby was sleeping. Her siblings tried to wake her up. She didn't wake up. She slept all day. She stayed up all night.
Michelle decided to throw a pizza party. She got all the girls together at her house. The girls had a fabulous time. But when the girls made the pizza, they burned it. Luckily it still tasted good.
The man rang the doorbell. The homeowner answered. The man tried to sell books. The homeowner shut the door on him. He moved on to the next house.
Tom had never been fishing before. He and his dad went out onto an ocean pier. Tom threw his baited hook into the water, not expecting much. Moments later, Tom began a massive tug-of-war with a fish. After much reeling and straining, Tom pulled up a huge flounder!
Genna was a boxer. She practiced and finally qualified for a tournament. When she stepped into the ring, she noticed her opponent. It was her twin Patricia. They both refused to fight and the match was over.
Dan was moving to a new state. He had to get a new insurance policy, with the same company. He logged in to design his documents. He noticed they'd downgraded his status! Dan was frustrated he went from Platinum to Silver rewards.
John's neighbor Mister Frank was in his 80s. He lived alone, sometimes having trouble getting around. Eight inches of snow fell Saturday night. John got up early to shovel Mister Frank's sidewalk. Mister Frank was very grateful for John's help.
Jody was doing chores all day. The entire time she had a mystery tune stuck in her head. She searched online but couldn't find it at all. Suddenly she had a burst of inspiration and remembered the title. Listening to the song was a huge relief.
Jones loved to wear shirts with collars. He loved how they looked. One day, he couldn't find any collars. Jones had to rush to the store and buy one. Now, Jones is able to wear a shirt with a collar.
Patrick sat in his study staring at his unfinished 3rd book. He pulled on his beard and ruminated about editing it. After some thought, he decided to take a break. He learned long ago that you can't get anything done by force. He is still working on his book today, albeit with a wiser attitude.
Erris, my sister, entered her 5th grade speech contest. She asked me for help since I was a freshman in college. I wrote half of her speech and she wrote the other half. She was eloquent, but the half I wrote sounded too mature for her. She still, however, won first prize.
Riley had always enjoyed playing board games. One day he decides to play chess with a friend. It was a difficult game. In the end, Riley lost the chess game. However, he still loved board games.
Bryce is a member of the high school track team. His goal is to win first place in the high jump event. He practices his techniques for six weeks straight. On the day of the event, Bryce is a bit nervous. Fortunately for him, he wins first place due to his practice routine.
Winston always wanted to be  a cop. He went to college for law enforcement. He worked very hard. He finally graduated. He got a job as the police department.
Jane really wanted her family to drink wheatgrass. She decided to hide it in other foods. She made a wheat free, sugar free chocolate cake. She hoped they would be enticed to eat the cake. No one finished the cake on their plate that evening.
Jill was playing video games with her sister Mary. They were having an argument over taking turns with the controller. Jill suddenly slapped Mary out of frustration. Mary told their mother what had happened. Jill was grounded for 2 weeks for her rude behavior.
Drew thought there would be enough time to explore the arguments' mass The mass of details Drew discovered was overwhelming. There were arguments for both sides of everything. While reading through Drew discovered ideas previously unknown to him. Drew was so entrenched he didn't notice the HIT timer: it had expired.
I loved beef jerky. I decided to make homemade jerky. I bought a dehydrator. I made some jerky. It was so tasty I decided to open a jerky business.
Petra disguised herself as a man when she went traveling. It helped her feel safe during her journey across the country. She saw every single state and no one ever bothered her. Her favorite part of the trip was Colorado. Someday, she wants to go back there as herself.
Ela had never worn a thong. Her sister swore thongs were more comfortable than anything. Doubtfully, Ela tried one on one day. She was shocked at the smooth seamless fit. Ela had to agree that things were extremely comfortable.
Molly decided to visit her friend. She knocked on her door. The door was opened. She entered the house. She found her friend unconscious on the floor.
Abby was going to the movies this weekend. She invited her best friend Carol to come along. Carol wanted to see a scary movie. Abby wanted to watch something funny. Both couldn't agree on a movie so they went shopping.
Al wanted to take his kids eat out. They decided to get burgers and fries. After eating, the family went to a see a movie. Al chose a cartoon that the kids would like. The family went home happy.
Jim was walking around the neighborhood. As soon as he passed a car, the fire alarm went off. The driver accused Jim of trying to steal the car. He called the cops on him. As a result, he got arrested.
He told her he was significantly shorter than her. She didn't think he could be terribly short. She herself was five foot ten. When they met, she found he was five foot five. The height difference didn't matter to her.
I had to go make groceries so I made a budget. I also made a list of the groceries I needed. I went to the store and got everything on my list. When I got home I reviewed my grocery bill and got a surprise. I discovered the cashier overcharged me and went back and got my money.
Zoey was celebrating Easter. She got her kids a bunch of baby chicks as a gift. They loved the chicks and played with them all day. Unfortunately, one of the baby birds died. The kids and Zoey buried it with some nice flowers.
Someone keyed my car at work. I didn't notice until I got home. It cost $1,500 in damages. Luckily my insurance covered the bill. Now I keep a better eye on my car at work through the window.
Last week, my mother was frustrated because it seemed nothing worked. The washing machine was smoking, the roof leaked and the heater died. She had repaired them all, only to find the refrigerator frozen solid. She spent a day working on it, but after plugging it in, it was quiet. For half an hour she cried, and it suddenly powered on like magic.
A large thunderstorm occurred near Brad's house. After several minutes, a huge lightning bolt struck a nearby tree. The tree fell down and crushed a power line. The electricity in Brad's house went out. Several workers came to fix the power line.
Tamara was cooking dinner. She made pizza dough from scratch. She spread the sauce on it. Then she added cheese and pepperoni. Her kids couldn't wait to eat the homemade pizza!
Courtney has been very sad since her boyfriend broke up with her. Her friends try to cheer her up. They all go to watch a movie. Courtney has a blast being surrounded by her friends. Courtney is back to her old cheerful ways.
Tim bought a dishwasher for his new house. He pulled the dishwasher out of the box. He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards. Tim was too lazy to return the dishwasher. He put a piece of wood on top of it, and used it as counter space.
I was running with the ball in order to score a touchdown. An opponent was running towards me. He ended up tackling me between my legs. Afterwards, I couldn't get up. The hospital staff had to escort me out of the field.
Kate and her friends were going to a club in Las Vegas. They spent hours getting all dolled up. Kate wore her hair in a messy bun. Before she got to the club her hair fell apart. Kate took that as a sign it wasn't going to be a good night.
I teach at a high school. I always used to make my comments in red pen. I found after a while that students found the red pen discouraging. Now I do all of my commenting and grading in blue pen. The students seem to take my advice more amenably these days.
Linda is driving down the road. She hears a loud noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's the engine it's blown. She calls Triple A and waits for help.
Tom went horseback riding. It was his first time. It took him several minutes to control the horse. After a while he became much better. Tom had a lot of fun by the end.
Martin had a crush on Maybelline. Martin passed her a note in class. It asked her if she would like to go to prom with him. Maybelline replied back maybe. Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date.
Gina's older brother was gone for good. She was sad and happy at the same time. It would be weird not seeing him around all the time. She went to his room and stood there staring at his things. She realized there was now a spare room available.
Nate sorted out his old clothes. He found a shirt with several holes. Since he stopped wearing it, he threw it away. A homeless man walking around the street saw it inside the trash. He wore it for a while since he had no other shirt.
Timmy was a great roller skater. When winter came, he decided to try ice skating instead. He strapped on a rented pair of skates and hit the ice. At first he stumbled, but soon he was doing very well. Timmy could ice skate just as well as he could roller skate!
Jerry was drunk on a cruise. He saw a lot of movies. He started dancing and trying to form a conga line. There was no music playing. Nobody joined in.
Today Ricky was going to visit a new waterfall. He studied the map carefully and planned his route. He packed a big bottle of water since it was a hot day. There was no marked trail so the hike was very slow going. When he first saw the waterfall he felt a sense of joy.
It was the end of the month for Lara's magazine. She was getting upset because she loved that magazine. The magazine stopped making magazines. Lara was so upset she wrote them a letter. She still wanted to read it.
Tim loved the Price is Right. He got tickets to go once. He was actually picked as a contestant. He didn't win, but still had a lot of fun. He loved the consolation prizes.
I press flower petals as a hobby. Some of the dry out better than others. I have some particularly beautiful blue and red specimens. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with all of them. At this point I have many binders filling my shelves, full of petals.
Adam and Billy went on a walk. Billy and Adam both liked Abby. When Abby joined them on the walk, the boys got into a fight. Someone called the police to break the fight up. Their parents were so mad when the police brought them home.
Cathy was looking forward to her family coming for Christmas. Cathy decided to have a Christmas dinner with her family. Cathy decided it was best to have the food catered. Once the family arrived, Cathy showed the family the food. Cathy's family loved the Christmas dinner that was catered for them.
Lucy was sitting on the curb crying. She was lost and it had gotten dark. A car pulled up and the window rolled down. An elderly lady wanted to help Lucy. Lucy Felt hope for the first time in hours.
Tom's girlfriend screamed in the bathroom. He rushed in to see the problem. She pointed out a small spider in the corner. Tom went over and killed it. His girlfriend thanked him.
James and his family took a vacation by the seashore. They swam in the ocean, played games, and ate sandwiches every day. On Thursday, it rained and they couldn't go to the beach. So they went to the boardwalk and played arcade games instead. James won 1000 tickets and got a tennis racket as a prize.
Josh and Ryan were in in the backyard. They were digging around the water line. However, they hit the sewer line. They caused a huge mess. They're mess caused them to have to call the water department.
John was invited to attend a political rally. John heard the candidate give a stump speech. John and his friend talked after the event. John told his friend that the candidate is a total moron. Now John and that friend are not speaking to each other.
Turbo Terilli was an aspiring racecar driver. He never did come come in first. This ate at him, until he asked his cousin for advice. His cousin recommended being calm and collected on the track. So he did, and finally won a race.
My son started playing baseball last year. He was always afraid to get in front of the ball. The coach worked with him on it all season. During the last game he finally stayed in front of a grounder. The ball bounced up and hit him in the face.
Jason listened to the weather and heard it was going to be sunny. He thought the kids might like to go swimming. He gathered up the swimsuits, towels and sunscreen. Jason and the kids got into the truck and drove to the beach. They spent the next 2 hours playing and splashing in the surf.
The Lamron Goon Squad was undefeated in the city of Chicago. They were well known for winning championships in dodgeball. They practiced very hard. They also studied and watched game film. They recently won another championship.
James was hosting some friends. He was going to have a dinner party. The friends all brought bottles of wine. They all ate and drank into the night. It was a great time!
Tina decided that she wanted to take up hiking. Her friends were going hiking that afternoon. She asked if she could come along. Tina and her friends hiked for several hours. Tina decided that hiking wasn't for her.
Dennis wanted to earn money for himself. He created his own lemonade stand. The first hour was spent mixing lemonade. The rest of the time he was selling lemonade. At the end of the day he made 25 dollars.
Minnie was distraught after she lost her parents in an accident. She spent days and weeks crying over the loss. Her friend suggested that she go volunteer to help her grief. Minnie ended up volunteering for a hospice organization. This helped Minnie move forward in her life.
Jay was working at his job, a restaurant. Suddenly he gets a call from a customer. The customer states there is hair in the food. The customer wants a refund. Jay had to give it to her.
Today I tried on my new dress. It looked amazing on me. However I ruined it as soon as I spilled wine on it. I immediately tried to treat it but it got worse. I had to send it off to the cleaners.
My mom came home from work. She asked me several questions about how dirty the house is. Since I was already annoyed, I ignored her. After a few minutes, she approached me. She continued to talk.
Life was a constant struggle for Xiaofeng Xin. He plowed the fields and planted his crops, to no avail. When the floods came, it washed away everything. One day, Xiaofeng discovered gold on his property. Now he lives in a big mansion with his horde of concubines.
Erin grew tomatoes. There was a garden competition in a month. She took good care of her tomatoes. She was nervous the day of the competition. Her tomatoes were voted most beautiful!
Tanisha wrecked her car. Tanisha was very upset about wrecking her car. Tanisha did not have transportation anymore. Tanisha decided it was time to buy a new car. Tanisha bought a new car and loves it.
The gas light came on in my car. I tried to get over the bridge quickly. I pulled off the interstate. I finally found a gas station. I pulled in and filled up, relieved.
Mia entered a cookie baking contest. She used an old family recipe for her cookies. She worked at a feverish pace to make as many cookies as she could. When the judges came by, they loved Mia's cookies. Mia won second place!
Donna was struggling financially. She hadn't been able to pay her garbage bill in a few weeks. Dozens of bags of trash began building up. Donna couldn't stand the smell or mess. Instead she began storing the trash in her storage unit.
I made a grilled cheese for lunch. I sat down at the table to eat. My dog ran into the room. He looked at me as if to ask if I'd made him a sandwich. I gave him half of mine.
James was trying to make some food on the grill. He needed enough foil to wrap everything. Unfortunately it looked like he only had about half of what he needed. He decided to put off grilling that night. Later he bought the proper tools to grill everything perfectly.
My sister in law celebrated her 25th wedding anniversary yesterday. We attended the wedding. My brother, who is Chinese, taped the ceremony. My sister in law's work colleagues made racist remarks. I was outraged when he told me.
Frank was booking a hotel online. He searched for hours trying to find the right room. Finally, he was able to find a good hotel within his price range. Days later, he arrived at the hotel, ready to start his vacation. He was surprised when the hotel room was much less nice in person.
Ash, a middle school kid, really wanted a new skateboard. He decided to start mowing lawns in the neighborhood for cash. By the end of the summer he had saved up quite a bit. Ash went and bought the perfect board. Ash felt good about what he had accomplished.
Sam was having trouble finding a job after college. He decided to start a YouTube channel. He started making cooking videos and putting them on YouTube. His channel became an instant success. Sam was able to support himself through his YouTube channel.
Vince competed against Vinny in a soccer match. They exchanged kicks for several minutes. Vince tried to perform a power kick. However, the soccer ball landed in the neighbor's window. Vince tried to run but the neighbor caught him.
Dave just started a new job in accounting. He had never had an accounting job before. Accounting was his major in college but he never worked in it. He was nervous he wouldn't be good at it. A few days into his job Dave picked things up quite easily.
There was a small tower in my friend's backyard. My friend dared me to climb it. I looked down after I had climbed about 12 feet up. My friend dared me to jump off. I hit the ground and screamed in pain because I broke my foot.
Ana was assigned a health class project called Baby Think It Over. Every student had to take home a toy infant for the weekend. They had to feed it and change it, and the toy recorded their actions. On Monday, everyone grumbled about their awful weekends! Everyone agreed that babies were a handful-and a pain in the neck!
Shawn was obsessed with flying. He built a contraption with wings he believed would fly. Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption. Unexpectedly, he flew up into the air like a bird. Shawn flew up and away, never to return to Kansas.
John wanted to find a book to read. He looked online for suggestions on what to read. He decided to start reading 'A Song of Ice and Fire'. Once John started, he realized the book is different than the show. John prefers the differences in the book compared to the show.
Sam had just bought a new house for his family. He noticed smoke coming from his neighborhood. When he drove up his house was on fire. His family made it out safe. Unfortunately the house was destroyed.
Brett wanted to learn to snowboard like his friends. Brett set up an appointment with an instructor. On the day of the appointment, Brett was nervous. His instructor spent extra time teaching Brett to help him. Brett picked it up quickly and became a confident snowboarder.
We bought a super bowl in 1963. It bounced very high. Our friend bounced the ball on the floor and hit our light fixture. It broke and we put an old fixture up. Luckily our parents never found out.
Mary knew she was going to have a very busy week at work. She decided she should take her lunch to save time during the day. To prepare, she went to the store to get lunch items for the week. She had fun picking items that she would enjoy. At the end of the trip, she was happy with how she prepared.
Jake was working late today. His wife Naomi was home all day waiting for him to come home. Jake called home to say he was working some extra hours. Naomi was upset because she had made a special dinner for them. When Jake got home dinner was cold so they skipped ahead to dessert.
Yaris wanted to learn how to garden. He bought some tools from the store. Then he bought some seeds. After reading a manual, Yaris began gardening. Over time, his garden became the most beautiful in the neighborhood.
Hillary had worked long and hard to become president. She had a lot of obstacles in her way to the presidency. Hillary was determined to make her dream come True. Election day was drawing closer and Hillary was nervous. Election day came and Hillary wins in a landslide to become president.
Jack notices that he feels unhappy whenever the weather becomes cold. He decides to book a trip to India for the winter months. When Jack arrives in Calcutta, India, he loves the weather and food. He spends several months traveling around Calcutta. When his trip is over, he is happy that he escaped the winter.
Tim asked Ron for money that he could borrow. Tim said he would use the money for lunch. And Ron expected him to pay the money back. But 2 days later, Tim never payed back the money. Ron harassed Tim every day until he received the money.
Bernice has gotten a little too comfortable with boyfriend. She fussed at him for the amount of time he took to brush his teeth. He was visibly annoyed, but she pretended not to notice. The following day he packed to leave her for good. She had to stop, cry and plead for her man to stay.
Geoff was camping at the lake. He was bored one afternoon and wanted to go swimming. He saw a rock off the side of the beach and decided to swim to it. It was really difficult, and he almost didn't make it. Luckily, he made it to the rock and it was really pretty there.
Nina needed a mask for her costume party. But she had no money to buy one! She decided to make one herself. She used feathers, sequins, and glitter glue. Nina's mask turned out very pretty!
Jane's husband booked a cruise for their anniversary. They were both excited because it was their first cruise. On the ship, Jane's husband arranged a candlelight dinner. Midway through the meal, a wave lurched the ship and Jane's stomach. Jane bent toward her husband and vomited in his lap.
Tim was at the office. He noticed a bad smell in there. He tried looking around but couldn't find it. Eventually he checked himself. Tim realized he stepped on dog poo.
Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend. They were sitting in the primary class. Suddenly, she realized that the pianist was her school teacher. She ran up to her after class to say hi. Her teacher was happy to see her and they chatted for awhile.
Paul is an experienced poker player. On Tuesday nights, he plays with his friends. Paul puts all of his money in the pot and needs a Ace to win. He gets very nervous as the last card is flipped over. An 8 of diamonds is flipped and Paul goes home empty handed.
Sally lost her job right before Christmas. She worried that there would be no presents for her children. She asked her parents to help out. Her parents bought toys for the children for Christmas. Then Sally's parents helped her find a new job.
Tom enjoys cooking. He wants to make a delicious meal for the family event. He plans to spend all day cooking tomorrow. The stove wouldn't turn on in the morning. His brother came over and fixed the stove for Tom.
Sarah married Joseph but they couldn't afford a home. They lived with Joseph' mom and sister. It was going well for the first month. After some time Sarah really wanted her own space. Joseph saved money and bought a house for Sara.
Joe got his report card back and it wasn't good. He knew his mom would ask to see it when he got home. Walking home, he asked a friend to see his report card. Looking at it, he decided to change some of his scores on his own. Arriving home, his mother saw the card and said they mailed her one.
Brett loves making chocolate milk. He like to make his own. Sometimes he likes to put more chocolate than needed. He likes to make it for his little sister too. Usually he leaves everything a mess when he is done.
I dream of going to Hawaii. I would go to the fun lieus. I would get in a helicopter to view the mountains. Then, I would surf the huge waves. After all those things, I would wake up.
Anna was having a bad day at work. Then she got stuck in traffic coming home. But when she got there, she got a surprise. Her husband had brought her flowers to cheer her up! Anna was grateful and pleased!
Mike woke up on April 15th in a panic. He realized that he had completely forgotten to do his taxes! Mike jumped out of bed and gathered his tax papers. He began crunching numbers and filling out forms. Fortunately, Mike was able to file his taxes at the last minute.
Tim is a cook at a fast food place. He daydreams about being rich. He wants to start his own business one day. One day his boss asks him to come into the office. His boss offered him the chance to help run the store.
Anna loved weekends. She got to spend them with her dad. He picked her up Friday night and they had fun until Sunday night. They often went swimming or even to the movies. Weekends were Anna's favorite part of the week!
A frontman for a band went to India to film a music video. He was joined by a very famous pop star. Together they began filming the music video. When they destroyed a famous old building they fled the country. They still used the footage from their shoot.
Les was watching old movies in his living room. He decided to try watching an old cowboy movie. He was particularly impressed with a scene that involved a shout-out. He imagined what he would do in that kind of situation. The answer that came to him was quite surprising.
I used to be fat and wanted to lose weight. I tried running every single day, further and further. One day I pushed myself so hard that I passed out. My friend told me that most of the trick is eating better. I changed up my diet and the pounds just fell off.
Maggie was preparing food. Her office was going to have a big party. She made four dishes to share. Her co workers all brought food, too. They all ate and drank and danced the night away.
Elizabeth had to leave her toddler alone for a minute. She went to the bathroom and then came back. She saw that her toddler had emptied out an entire pack of baby wipes. There were baby wipes all over the room. She had to collect them all and shove them back into the plastic.
My sister in law B was a girl scout as a child. One day the activity was to cook something. B took black pepper and threw it at another girl scout. The girl started crying and complained to the leader. B was actually expelled from the Girl Scouts!
Olga was dreading school starting for her daughters. They had long school supply lists that might cost a lot. Olga waited till the last day to go shopping. She found most of what she needed on sale. Olga was happy the girls could be well prepared inexpensively.
Camilla was at the park with friends. They discovered a nice smelling bush of flowers. One of the kids said that it was honeysuckle and tasted it. Camilla thought it was a trick but she tried a taste. To her surprise, it was sweet like honey.
Paige was in labor with her first baby. She wanted a natural birth. But her delivery stalled, and changed had to be made. Her doctor decided to do a cesarean section. Paige was happy to deliver her healthy baby, even by c-section!
The lion roared loudly as I approached him. I wasn't afraid, though I should have been. I stopped twenty feet away from the beast and threw him a raw steak. He sniffed it with trepidation, as if he were afraid it was poisoned. We stared at each other for a tense moment, before he began eating.
We talked with the doctor about what to do. Hepatitis C could be fatal if untreated. We didn't know how many years my husband had been infected. He began taking new innovative pills. Twelve weeks later, we will return to find out the results.
Alix was 4 and she was meeting Santa for the first time. Her mom took her to the mall where they waited in line. He looked kind of scary in his bright red suit. But Alex really wanted a puppy for Christmas so she needed to ask him. When she sat on his lap, he wasn't so scary after all.
Jack lived in Canada. He didn't like the cold, but he endured it. One day, he went with some friends to a hockey game. He loved the sport, but not the indoor temperature. He didn't like that he had to dress for the cold inside as well.
Suzy started to paint her nails. They looked great. All the sudden though, she spoiled polish. Suzy had to clean it all up. Unfortunately it never came out.
Dan needed a new router. He decided to buy one online. He bought the best router available. It arrived at his house a week later. The router worked excellently and Dan was happy.
Greg wanted to make some extra money. He makes signs in his garage as a hobby. He decided to try to sell them at a local craft fair. Everyone loved Greg's signs and bought a lot of them. Greg made more money than he thought he would.
Sid wanted to give his teacher a special Christmas gift. He made an elaborate igloo out of sugar cubes. As Sid carried the unwrapped gift to school, the sky darkened. A few flurries turned into large raindrops. When Sid got to school, the sugar cubes had dissolved into a puddle.
In the spring, the duck looked hard for a mate. At last he found a duck who accepted his advances. Together they worked hard to make a nest by the lake. After a time, they had eggs to keep warm and hatch. In mid-spring, five little ducklings appeared in the nest!
Abby always wanted to be a doctor. Abby dreamed of the day she would be known as Dr Abby. However, Abby just could not grasp the medical information required. Abby knew she had to find another career field. Abby was disappointed that her doctor dreams did not come true.
Two kids rode their bikes slowly down the road. One of the boys started to speed up. The other followed suit. After a while they came to a steep incline. The second boy was going too fast and fell off his bike.
Brad wanted to buy a new bicycle. His mother suggested that he pay for it himself. He did yard work for his neighbors in order to earn money. Eventually, he had earned enough to buy his bicycle. Brad happily rode his new bike home from the store.
When I turned 16, I wanted a car more than anything. However, my parents refused to buy me one. They insisted I save up money on my own. I got a job as a waiter and worked nearly every day. Eventually, I saved up enough money and bought a used Mustang.
Maria was picking up her baby. She noticed that his clothes were wet. He had peed through his diaper. She took him out of everything and cleaned him up. Then she put him in fresh clean clothes.
Ralph was pouring himself cereal. It smelled horrid when he opened the milk. He looked at it and it was chunky. He had to throw it out. Ralph wound up eating the cereal dry.
Bill had school in the morning. He had noticed there was sleet all over the neighborhood. Bill eagerly watched the news for canceled schools. Bill heard his school listed. Bill excitedly jumped back into his bed.
Tom was tired of his wall colors. He decided to paint them something else. Tom went to the store to look at different options. He decided on a bright, happy color. It made Tom feel much more comfortable at home.
Pauline had ordered her husband a new guitar for Christmas. Sadly as it was shipping, it got delayed. Christmas came and the package hadn't even arrived. Luckily the gift arrived the next day. Even though it was late, her husband loved the gift.
Thomas played cowboys growing up in the 1950's. The good guys wore white hats and the others wore black hats. In 2016 he learned that his grandson had become a computer hacker. But his disappointment soon turned to delight. The young man was a white hat hacker for the good guys.
In high school I played Sandy in Grease. For the finale I had a leather one piece outfit and glitter shoes. During the last performance I went to change and the shoes were gone! I also noticed that my outfit was cut. I later found the shoes but have no idea who did it.
Eric was walking around a group of students. One of his classmates in the past recognized him. He was trying to call Eric's name. Eric heard his name. He recognized who it was and looked up since the man was tall.
Tom got a friend request on Facebook. He couldn't figure out who it was. Tom decided to message them. They talked to a bit before Tom figured it out. It was an advertising bot.
Sarah joined the department last year. She didn't need to prove herself at all. She was a tenured faculty member from the start. Sarah taught with all her heart and skill. In only a year, she'd become one of the most beloved professors.
I decided to make a soup. I put a can of beans in the soup. Alas, the can was damaged. Naturally, the beans were contaminated with botulism. I ate the soup and became extremely sick.
Bill was woken up by the thunder during the storm. The loud boom really scared him. He went and climbed into bed with his parents. His parents let him do this because the storm was really loud. Bill fell back to sleep very quickly.
Jane always smoked cigarettes. Her new boyfriend really hated the habit. Jane agreed to quit for him. It wasn't easy and caused a lot of arguments. She would always be sneaking off to smoke.
Sally ran to the shoreline. She immediately jumped inside of the water. When she was swimming, a tiny creature was crawling on her knee. When she felt the touch, she immediately freaked out. I had to jump into the water to save her.
Howard had his first baseball game. He was very nervous. He ends up striking out. He left the game disheartened. His parents gave him cake to cheer him up.
Tom wanted to have the best grade in his class. He studied hard and often. He was second only to another kid at first. After a short while he overtook him. Tom got the highest grade.
The Chicago Bulls went 72-10 one season on their way to a title. This season, The Golden State Warriors are chasing basketball history. They are 66-7 with 9 games left to play. Seven of those games are at home where they are 35-0. If they win the rest of their home games, they will set a new record.
Last night I just couldn't fall asleep. I tossed and turned until about two in the morning. So I got up and went downstairs to the kitchen. I filled a glass with milk and put it in the microwave. After I drank it I went back to bed and promptly nodded off.
Aiden and Riley went to the toy store. They both picked out the same stuffed bear. Aiden and Riley could not tell their bears apart. When they got home their mom found a permanent marker. She wrote each child's initial on each bear's tag to tell them apart.
John was researching a major disease. He thought he could cure it, but he lacked funding. He managed to find three people to offer him research grants. With their help, his work continued. Within one year, he found a complete cure for the disease!
Chad was in a rush to get to work yesterday. In such a rush, Chad was stopped by a police for speeding. However, this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad. Chad was shocked to see Shaquille O'Neal pull him over. Chad was elated to see his favorite basketball player as a police.
All her life, Carrie has loved travelling. When she was young, her parents took her camping in their RV. They camped for two weeks each summer. Their goal was to visit every state before Carrie turned 18. After many summers, they achieved their goal!
Tim was an elementary school student. His mom drove him to school in the mornings. One morning there was a monsoon. His mom's care got flooded and died. Tim was late for school.
Jeff took a pen out of his junk drawer to write a check. The pen was red and he did not like the way it looked. Jeff searched for a blue pen but couldn't find one. He decided that a red pen was better than no pen. He wrote ten checks with the red pen.
Helen loved eagles a lot. In fact, she read books on them frequently. One day, she decided she would see one in real life. She traveled very far to see an eagle. Finally after reaching her destination, Helen was able to see an eagle.
Yesterday I wanted to clean my protector for my iPad. When I took it off, unfortunately it cracked. I was upset. Then I saw I could buy another one for cheap. I got a new one delivered the next day.
Charlie loved going to comedy clubs. They could always make him feel great, even if things weren't great. Today had been a really bad day because Charlie lost his job. He went to his favorite comedy spot to be cheered up. For a couple of hours at least, he forgot about his troubles.
Ben walked through the supermarket and found the rice aisle. A bag on sale half off caught his eye. Ben bought two and put them in his cart. He took his cart right away to the cashier. The cashier remarked that he must like rice.
An old man in a German supermarket stopped me. He told me my baby's stroller would deform my baby's spine. I told him the stroller was very common in America, where I am from. He told me Donald Trump was a Vulcan. I left the store, wondering what on earth that was supposed to mean.
Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween. She was excited to wear the costume to her school party. Unfortunately, her mom told her that she couldn't. She didn't want the dress getting dirty. Instead, Sara came up with a simple cow girl costume.
William had a great big beard. He loved it more than anything. William had a job interview and knew he needed to look good. William decided to shave off his beard. William landed the job and lost his beard.
Tim was trying to get fit. He decided to run everyday. It was very hard. He wanted to quit. He decided to keep at it until he was fit.
Mary spends most mornings working on Mechanical Turk. This morning she gets an error message when she tries to log in. Mary is worried that he account has been suspended. She goes online and checks some related forums. She is relieved when she sees that others are having the same problem.
Roger is an alcoholic. He lives on the streets. One day he decided to rob a grocery store. He was caught taking beer. Roger is serving time in jail.
The man opened the door. The delivery man was there. The man had not ordered anything. The delivery man checked the address. The delivery man had made a mistake.
Liv walked into her son's room to get his laundry. There was a horrible smell! She sniffed around until she found the source. It was his gym shoes. She took them outside so they could air out.
Little Johnny wanted a new Star Wars lunch box. He asked his mom to go to the store. He picked out a new one with chewbacca on it. He thought it was so awesome and couldn't wait to show his friends. He was so pumped to bring in his new lunch box to school tomorrow.
Joc's old desk broke so Joc decided to fix it. The hinges broke off. Joc grabbed his tools and began to fix the desk. Joc finished the desk. It was no longer broken.
Ralph never tried a Philly cheese steak. He wanted to try one. So he decided to make one to try. He looked online how to make one. He made one and eat it, it was good.
Dan wanted to become a great football player. Dan trained all Summer long. Dan watched instructional videos and read playbooks. Dan tried out for the team when school started again. Dan made first string!
Allergy season was very hard on Jim. For his whole life he battled with seasonal allergies. They made him miserable. His doctor suggested he move to another area of the country to help. He moved to Nevada and his allergies were much better.
A young mom had a son who was obsessed with this one movie. She tried to get him to watch other movies as well. Unfortunately her son refused because he loved his current favorite. Finally his mother got a subscription for Netflix to show him others. As soon as he saw the movie Home he was hooked to Netflix.
Timothy and I were walking across the main hall. We ran into a guy with a fancy hairstyle. Timothy was inspired his hairstyle and wanted to copy it. He was mad the next day. He told me that his parents won't let him grow his hair out.
Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii. He caught a huge wave. Tito rode it for a long time. Then Tito lost his footing and fell. He hit his head on a coral and died.
Mike ate a lot of taco bell the night before after a party. He stuffed his mouth until he couldn't eat anymore food. The very next morning he woke up earlier than usual. The reason was his explosive diarrhea caused by Taco Bell. He swore never to eat it again and continued on with his life.
Lebron needed a new laptop for school. He went to look at them in the store and saw they were expensive. He decided to start mowing lawns after school. After a month went by, Lebron had made a good amount of money. He was able to purchase a new laptop.
Jake had a job interview in a few days. He prepared very thoroughly for his interview. On the day of his interview, he couldn't find his suit. Jake went to the interview without proper attire. Jake was unable to get the job due to not dressing properly.
The family was so proud and excited. They were moving into a brand new house! The movers took all their things over in a huge truck. They unpacked it all carefully. They were happy to finally have their own home.
Jane had confrontation with a co-worker. The co-worker had taken it pretty hard. Jane found out the co-worker was trying to get her fired. Jane was angry. She decided to go home early instead of getting in deeper trouble.
Tyler is listening to his favorite radio station. The station announces a contest to a lucky caller. Tyler phones the station. He gets on the air and answers the trivia question correctly. Tyler wins a new car from the radio station.
Nell's parents heard a black family was moving on their block. Nell saw the moving truck come. When the family got out, Nell pointed excitedly. Her mom pulled at Nell's arm, embarrassed. Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family's fancy poodle.
Callie looked in the mirror. She was shocked. She had a grey hair. Callie was horrified and didn't know what to do. She immediately grabbed a box of dye to fix it.
The detectives were eager to interview a witness. They wanted to solve this crime. They asked lots of questions and did a polygraph. They were confident that they would figure it out. They told the victim to be patient.
The man heard a gunshot. It was not legal to shoot in the area. The man called the police. The police caught a man hunting illegally. The man was fined ten thousand dollars.
Jake and his girlfriend were having relationship problems. He thought she was cheating on him. One day he followed her. He caught her kissing another girl They broke up shortly after.
Pete the clown was such a happy clown. He loved to bring smiles to the people of the rodeo. One day his boss calls him into his office. He tells pete he has to let him go. Pete was a very depressed and sad clown now.
Gina had to carry her gallons of water in a plastic bag. She loaded each water in it's own bag. She was far too tired to carry them on one arm. So she split the bags between her two arms. Gina took a deep breath, and headed out into the snow storm.
John was learning to play the guitar. His roommate saw his guitar in the corner. John's roommate was a pretty good guitar player. He offered to help John play the guitar. John's roommate started giving him lessons.
Dan was excited to open his Christmas gifts. He opened all the gifts under the tree. He was upset he didn't get what he asked for. His mother handed him another box she had hidden. Dan jumped for joy when he saw the Walkie Talkies he asked for.
I have a wolf named Kiera, but we nicknamed her Wolfie. She wanted to get up early this morning to go for a walk. She was so excited when she saw a squirrel that she pulled really hard. She almost caught the squirrel, but missed by only a few inches. She was sad when we got home, because she didn't kill the squirrel.
The lady was 100 years old. She had just moved into a nursing home. She was happy to meet new friends and have something to do. The nurses were all very nice to her. She was please with her new home.
Sam was always quiet and reserved. One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love. Sara helped Sam come out of his shell. Sam also helped Sara develop better manners. Sam and Sara are glad they met each other.
Sue's doctor told her she needed to wear glasses. Sue was aghast, fearing her friends would mock her. But she picked out a stylish pair and put them on, hopefully. The next day at school, she received so many compliments! Her classmates thought she was even prettier with her new glasses!
Ron had a favorite stuffed animal. It was a stuffed monkey. One day, Ron couldn't find the monkey anywhere. He and his mother looked and looked for the monkey. Finally, they found the monkey sitting in the bath tub.
Jill does not fit in at school. So she pays Jan, one of the cool kids, to make her popular. It works so well that Jill becomes more popular than Jan. In a fit of jealousy Jan exposes her secret. Afterwards they are both unpopular
Janet decided to go to her high school's party. When she walked in, she felt awkward. Since everyone wasn't familiar with each other, they barely talked. Janet moved near the food section. She sat there all day.
Mani was studying medicine. He had always wanted to be a doctor. On his first day of his placement, he saved a woman's life. She was already in the hospital but choked on some food. Despite his lack of training, he still knew the heimlich maneuver.
A woman's friends were raving about a popular new book. So she decided to read it. She found it a little embarrassing, though. It was basically an awkward wish-fulfillment fantasy, She had some trouble looking her friends in the eye after that.
Tim loved hearing bedtime stories. One time he picked a scary book. Tim's dad was unsure about reading it. Tim insisted on it. He wound up getting scared.
David was having trouble with Skype. David could not make or receive calls. David contacted technical support. After several minutes technical support resolved the error. David no longer had trouble using Skype.
Tilly was trying to work overnight. She was really tired and needed to wake up. She decided to make some tea. She chugged the tea quickly. Luckily, the tea gave her a lot of energy.
Leo always wanted to be a chef when he grew up. He went to school and got his education. He got out of college and got a great cooking job. He decided he wanted more. Leo built his own restaurant.
Joseph was messing with his little sister. When she came by, he stuck his foot out to trip her. She went flying through the air and landed on her face. She actually broke her front tooth. Joseph realized it was bad and immediately apologized.
Abby recently had a physical done by her doctor. During the visit Abby told her doctor she wanted to tone her body. Abby's doctor recommended that she do strength training exercises. After leaving the doctor, Abby researched strength training exercises. Abby could not wait to see the results of her new exercise regimen.
I have a red wallet. My old wallet was black. I kept losing it because it was dark and hard to find. Once it was on top of my computer, camouflaged. I bought a red wallet because it was easier to find.
Renae knew better than to trust another person yet. She had been hurt by many relationships and vowed to remain single. One day she met Jim and everything changed. She ended up marrying Jim and they were very happy. Renae learned how to trust again.
Sally's brother played in a band. They practiced in the garage every day. The music was really loud. Sally got a headache from the loud music. Sally took some medicine for her headache and it went away.
Ester bought some bubble mix for her grand children. The kids were very excited! She passed out the containers to each child. They all had a great time play with the bubbles. Ester enjoyed the simple fun she was having with her grand kids.
Ed was a lonely man. He never went on dates with women. He wanted to meet someone. He signed up for an app and met a woman from his area. He went on a date with her and had a great time.
Jamie was visiting the local pool. The pool was being cleaned. It was going to be closed for half the day. Jamie returned home. She visited the pool later that afternoon.
Bill suffers from depression. Today, Bill had a hard time going through his day. Bill collapsed on the ground in tears, feeling empty. His cat, Davey, came up to sit with him. Comforted by Davey's presence, Bill got up again kept going.
Nguyen loved playing football, but he wasn't very good. His coach let him on the team, but reluctantly. But Nguyen decided to practice at home with friends. During the first game of the season, he scored the winning goal! His teammates were so happy they cried.
They boys had a fishing trip planned. They bought all their supplies. They loaded up the boat. They forgot to check the weather. Because it was raining, they had to cancel the trip.
The boys were cheering on their team. It was a very close football game. In the last possession, their team was down. They scrambled and scored a touchdown. The boys couldn't believe it!
Jenny and her friend were excited. They were going to see the latest blockbuster. They arrived at the theater and bought some popcorn. Jenny and her friend found their seats. They were very excited as the movie began to play.
A boy went outside to test his paper airplane. He waited for the wind to pick up behind him. The boy tossed the plane when the wind blew strongly. The airplane went far and the boy chased after. The wind took the plane further than the boy could run.
The man rolled the dice. He won five dollars. He rolled the dice again. He lost twenty dollars. He asked his friend for more money.
Zach plays the drums in the orchestra. He recently moved to the city to be closer to the band hall. However, his new place has thin walls and he has to practice at home. His neighbors hate his drum playing. Zach had to work out a practice schedule in order to keep peace.
I once made a silly bet with my buddy Dave. I bet that after watching cars pass there would be more red than blue. Dave took me up on that bet. We watched cars for thirty minutes. We tallied up the numbers, and I lost ten bucks!
Jim wanted to watch a movie with friends. Unfortunately it was Rated R and they were too young. One of Jim's parents was pretty cool. They asked her to take them. She agreed and they all got to watch the movie.
The fly was buzzing again. Karen had had enough. Snatching a fly swatter, she took aim. Unfortunately, in her great hurry, she tripped and fell. Her flyswatter and dignity were both injured, but the fly was dead!
Zoey was getting ready for school. She couldn't find her contacts anywhere. She tried her hardest to find them but it was soon time to go. She was forced to head to school without them. All day she couldn't see anything and it really slowed her down.
Trent was playing basketball. He ran up to the hoop, determined to dunk it in. As he approached, he tripped on his sisters jump rope. He injured his ankle badly. He was never able to play basketball again.
Synthia had married the wrong man. At first they were in love but soon he became abusive. After six months he beat her so badly he broke 4 bones. Synthia had had enough and called the police. Synthia was able to live happily after that despite her injury.
The man shot the gun. He missed the target. He reloaded the gun. He took more time aiming. He hit the target that time.
Peter was a carpenter with a troubled past. He got in trouble with the law on numerous occasions. In his current assignment, he was to build a desk in a posh mansion. He could not help noticing the affluence of his surroundings. Peter lived up to his past and ended up stealing something.
Carmen sat down in her assigned chair and pulled out her trumpet. Orchestra was her favorite class of the day. Like the other musicians in class she played scales to warm up. The conductor stepped up on the podium and there was instant silence. From the silence the baton drew forth beautiful music.
Joan lived next to a dumpster. She never thought much about it until one particular day. She got home from work and noticed a horrible odor. She could not figure out what it is. The dumpster had not been emptied for a whole week.
Riley was planning for his upcoming thirtieth birthday party. He decided to have a fish fry and invite his friends. He bought fish, chips, and drinks for the party. That evening, Riley and his friends cooked and ate together. Riley thought it was the best birthday he had had yet.
Joe needed a new car radio. His was old and outdated. So Joe looked online for a new one. He found a good one and ordered it. He loved his new car radio.
Jackson heard a small meow outside his back door. He opened the door to find a baby kitten without its Mother. Jackson took the baby kitten inside. Jackson fed and bathed the kitten. Jackson was excited that he now had a new pet.
Gina was driving on the highway. When she was trying to change lanes, her front tire popped. Her car started to swirl. It ended up in the grass, away from the other cars. She was able to get out and call the towing service.
Mike's room had many holes in its walls. And it was because was because Mike was always angry. One day, Mike had a guest in his house. And she wandered into Mike's room without his permission. Suddenly, Mike punched another hole in his wall.
I decided to make bread. It took lots of time and effort. But I thought it would be worth it. After it finished baking, I let it cool for a few hours. But when I cut off a piece and ate it, I regret all the time spent.
Clark started writing for the school paper, excited to be a reporter. He had a hard time coming up with a story idea. He became more and more frustrated, and considered dropping the class. Rather than quit, Clark decided to write a piece about writer's block. His fellow writers really liked his article and identified with it.
John's new day on the job was a bit daunting. He had an office in a top floor. The elevator ride alone took forever. When he arrived to his office he saw the view. It was worth the anticipation.
Nick hated his short hair. He decided to grow it out over the summer. He did not cut it for three months. When school started it was long and curly. Nick's friends all complimented his new, longer hair!
The kids were riding go karts for the first time. They were very anxious and excited. When the race started, they all pushed down on the gas pedals. They zoomed around the track. They all had a great time!
Jim loved going fast in cars. When Jim got his license he got 3 speeding tickets in one year. Jim wanted to legally go fast so he became a race car driver. Jim worked hard and competed in many races. Jim finally got his dream of going fast legally.
Kate needed new jeans for school. She hated going shopping. Her mom finally convinced her to go. They got to the mall and Kate found the perfect jeans. She was excited to wear them to school.
Tom wore camo clothes everywhere. To school, to the store, or even a funeral. Some people asked him why he like camo so much. So he told them with a gleaming look in his eyes. He liked to be prepared for when trouble arises.
Queen had to replace her bedroom window. She had accidentally broke it playing baseball with her brothers. It would be two weeks for a replacement window. Nothing seemed to work in patching the window. She ended up having to use her old nursery blanket as cover for the window.
Freda is married. Freda has never been more happy in life. Until one day her husband tells her he has had enough. He asks for a divorce. Freda and her husband get divorced.
Tami was horrified of water parks. She thought they were more filthy than a toilet. Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion. Even though Tami was hesitant she was having fun. Well until she got water in her mouth that had a dirty band aid in it.
Two friends met to exchange christmas gifts. They handed each other a card with money in it. Each friend opened his card to find $20. They laughed that their gifts canceled out. They decided that next year they would just exchange cards.
The man had finally made it to the big leagues. He was an NFL player! On his first game, he tore his ACL. His dreams had been ruined. The player hoped he could come back to the NFL some day.
Timmy told a lie. He told his mom that his sister took the last muffin. But he thought it was okay because his mom didn't know. But then his sister told on him, and his mom knew he was lying. Now he is grounded for a week.
Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment. It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv. He heard a noise and turned around. He saw what he thought was a fast shadow move across the wall. He still doesn't know what it is.
John wanted to train for a marathon in the winter. He set up a strict schedule and diet to maintain his fitness. Everyday he ran and ate a healthy meal to stay physically fit. On the day of the race, he felt energetic and lively. He finished with a new personal record and felt proud of himself.
Bob had a tiny 20 inch TV. He wanted to buy a better one for black friday. He saved up for weeks. He bought a 60 inch plasma on black friday. Bob watched football on his new tv later that night.
Jenna was playing soccer at school. Suddenly she felt out of breath. She fell on the ground and began having an asthma attack. Her teacher ran over to help her. Luckily she was okay.
Tim was playing football with his friends. They were losing badly. Tim decided they should just give up. As tim's team left, Tim saw his little brother watching. Tim decided to stay and play to set a better example.
Paul loved to read about dragons. He had many books that had dragons in them in fact. One day, he decided he would go to the bookstore. He found a very big book with pictures of dragons. Then, Paul bought the book and read it all in one day.
My piano instructor came over for my lessons. I slammed my hand in the door letting her in. I was too injured to play. My parents told me the money was not going to waste. And that's how I learned to play the piano with my feet!
Jane went out on a date. She didn't think it went that well. Still, when asked she agreed to a second date. That one went a lot better. Jane wound up really liking the guy.
Michael was playing a video game. He was absolutely ruling at the game, beating everyone. No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier. Then, one of the admins found out. He was banned from the game.
I tried to play chess online with my friend Ted. I text messaged him tonight. He had conference calls all day. He said he was trying to finish a paper for a deadline. I said I would contact him later when he was not as occupied.
My friend Sal kept calling me. Knowing him, he probably needed help with something. I consistently denied his calls. He posted several pictures on Instagram. It turns out that he gave his basketball tickets to another friend.
Benji was the new water boy for the football team. He took his job very seriously and became well known among the team. After each play he would come around passing out water. He was there whenever they needed him. He helped to keep the team hydrated and the team played well.
Ben took Gordon to his house. They were greeted by a maid inside of the house. Since Gordon doesn't have a maid, he rejected her favors. For example, he cooked by himself and cleaned everything afterwards. The maid was able to take a nap throughout the day.
Cal needed a computer for work. His was broken. Cal checked the prices of new computers. He decided it would be cheaper to fix his computer instead. Cal had a friend fix his computer at a discount.
Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her. It involved shooting and stealing. Suddenly, her mom saw her playing. She yelled that the game was to inappropriate. Then, she took the game away.
One day my mom and I went shopping. I had a really bad attitude that day and talked to my mom really badly. She hit me and the police came after someone had called. I felt really ashamed because the police told her that she was right. I went home thinking that I would never have that attitude again.
Kevin worked at a construction site. One day his foot was run over at work. He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. His foot was so badly crushed they had to amputate it. He can no longer work in construction.
Julia worked at the vets. She only manned the reception, but wanted to be a vet. Once, a man brought in his pet rabbit. The vet was busy, so she had a look at it while he waited. She managed to diagnose the issue because of a book she had read.
Chris wanted to get a job and move out of his house. He went job hunting and got a job at an office. Unfortunately, his co-workers bullied him. Chris felt overwhelmed and moved back home. Now Chris spends all day watching TV.
Jack asked Santa for Fallout 4. In the days before Christmas he was nervous. He hoped and hoped to find the game under the tree. On Christmas morning he was the first one up. He was relieved to find that Santa didn't disappoint him.
Tara was working out in the gym. She had been working out for over an hour. Tara hadn't taken a break. She wasn't drinking enough water. Tara passed out in the gym.
I was typing a paper for work. My computer was about to die. I was too lazy to plug it in. It warned me again that it was going to die. It died and I lost all my hard work.
Brandon wanted to learn how to cook. He signed up for a free class at the city center. It was a twelve week course. Over the course of the class he became comfortable in the kitchen. Brandon is looking forward to showing off his cooking skills.
Kate and her friends were checking into their hotel in Vegas. There was a bowl of mangoes on the counter at the check in desk. They were allowed to take them. Kate took two. Kate loved anything that was free.
Heather was always a skinny girl until she turned 40 years old. All of a sudden she found herself gaining a few ounces every month. By the time she was 42 she had gained 15lbs in just 2 years. She had some health issues so she couldn't work out to lose weight. So her only option was to buy a whole wardrobe of bigger clothes.
Suzie has always loved to cook since she was a little girl. She thought she'd be chef at her own restaurant one day. Instead she got married at 18 and immediately had babies. She cooked meals for them all day and night. Suzie never got her restaurant but she is still happily cooking.
Caden adopted a parakeet from the pet store. It was bright green, so he named it Algae. Caden turned on the fan and went to sleep. The next day, he awoke and saw his bird dead in the cage. The fan made the room too cold for the bird to survive.
It was a very windy day. Jim was out walking, wearing his new hat. Suddenly the wind tore his new hat from his head! Jim chased it down, running fast, but the hat was gone. Jim wished he hadn't gone out in his new hat.
Chuck was having trouble seeing the chalkboard in class. He was getting headaches when he would read. His mother took him to an optometrist. The doctor checked Chuck's eyes. Chuck saw much better after he got glasses.
Sophia is interested in fashion. She received an inheritance and has extra money. She decides to invest her inheritance in the fashion industry. As a result she opened her own fashion boutique. Her boutique is so successful that she tripled her inheritance.
Henry couldn't stop jumping on his bed. I told him to stop however, he continued to move. As soon as his head touched the fan, he got smacked in the head. When I tried to see if he was okay, he couldn't stop crying. My mom tried to disinfect the bruise on his head.
Jake was playing golf with his father. Jake accidentally swung his golf club into the lake. He had to retrieve it by walking into the lake. Jake had to play the rest of the game with wet shoes. Jake was able to take off his shoes in the car afterwards.
Morgan enjoyed long walks on the beach. She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk. After walking for over a mile, something happened. Morgan decided to propose to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was upset he didn't propose to her first.
Murphy had worked long and hard. He was soon to retire from the coal mines. He held his hard hat in hand as he looked back at the mine. There had been a lot of memories he made in those mines. When he walked away he knew he had done well with his job.
My mom came over last night. She was a little sad about her finances. She had been having some trouble with money. I tried to help cheer her up. I think our talk helped.
The couple went on a walk in the park. It started to rain. The man gave the woman his coat. The man got really wet. The woman gave the man a big kiss for keeping her dry.
Jake was invited to a friend's house for a party. He never really liked the friend. He knew it was his parent's house. He decided to throw up in one of the closets. Nobody ever found out it was him.
Tom was invited to a costume party. He could not think of anything to wear. He decided to just dress in his regular clothes. When he arrived, he was relieved. Half the people there had dressed normal as well!
Joe and his brother loved cars. Their favorites were classic muscle cars. So one day Joe bought a classic mustang. It wasn't in the best condition. So Joe fixed it up and gave it to his brother.
Scott and his class were about to graduate high school. To celebrate they had taken a field trip to the coast. Scott was enjoying his trip but was excited to get it over with. Soon, the trip came to an end. Scott saw this as the official close to his high school story.
Howard had a pet turtle name after him. He was walking to the store on some icy roads. He slipped and dropped his turtle. The glass container broke into many pieces. Howard's turtle Howard was ok however.
Becky's sister came into town for the Christmas Holiday. But Becky didn't think her sister would love her roommate! Becky's roommate walked in the house, 6 feet tall and dark skin. Becky's sister immediately introduced herself and offered hot coco. They talked all night and were in love by dawn the next day.
Patricia figured she knew everything that needed to be known. Someone asked her where Colombia was. She said it was in South Carolina, easy enough. They said they meant the country. Patricia said she didn't know where it was, so it wasn't worth knowing.
Tom and his roommates had to take out the trash. Nobody wanted to do it. Everyone claimed they did it last time. They all decided to flip a coin and Tom lost. He took out the trash.
Tim hated to do the dishes. His parents made him do the dishes every night. One day Tim decided to not do the dishes. His parents were disappointed that he skipped his chores. His parents didn't give him any money to spend that weekend.
Tim bought a new car alarm. It kept going off at night. It was far too sensitive. He tried adjusting it but it would still go off. Tim had to uninstall it.
Kelly looked outside her window. There was a terrible snowstorm. She couldn't believe how bad it was outside. When she looked outside they had three feet. She ended up losing power.
Tina liked Fred. She wanted to ask him out. When Tina and Fred saw each other she asked. Fred said no. Tina was crushed.
I downloaded the new pokemon go app. I was really confused on how to play. My daughter had to show me how to play. It is really fun. I am not very good at it though.
Mike was a competition trainer and Jacob wanted to shed pounds. In order to get Jacob into shape, Mike put him on a strict diet. For half a year, Jacob seldom ate over half a pound of food per meal. Mike finally placed Jacob on a scale to see how much he lost. Jacob lost a whopping 12 pounds and thanked Mike for the diet.
John had many problems. He decided to visit a therapist. He talked about his problems. The therapist gave him advice. John appreciated the therapist's advice.
It was a foggy morning. Sarah was on her way to the grocery store. The streets were difficult to navigate. Sarah all of a sudden ran her car off the road. Luckily, Sarah was uninjured with only a small scratch to her car.
Hannah told Brad that she hated him. Brad asked for advice on how to handle the situation. I recommended that he should talk to her. Brad met up with her the next day. He immediately punched her in the face.
Jim hosted a dinner party for his co-workers. It was fancy and everyone dressed up. During dinner, someone dropped the whole main course on the ground! Everyone was worried that dinner would be ruined. Jim, however, ordered pizza, and saved the day.
Jane was eating for lunch. She didn't have her purse when she went back to work. Jane thought she left it at the restaurant. She called to verified. They found it and held it for her.
The dog's legs began to twitch. Chad didn't understand why the animal moved while sleeping. He moved the dog to a more comfortable blanket. The new blanket smelled of another animal. The dog got up quickly, leaving sleep behind in the dust.
Tom had an old sofa. He didn't take good care of it. One day his girlfriend told him to throw it out. Tom tried to clean it instead but it didn't work. He wound up replacing it.
Timmy really was sad to move away from his friends. When he arrived at his new house, he immediately went to his room. The room was more than twice the size of his old bedroom. Timmy felt sad that his old cosy room was replaced with a huge room. Timmy opted to choose a smaller room in the house to call his bedroom.
Ted's car constantly had battery problems. But he didn't want to spend anymore money at the mechanic. So Ted spent a lot of time studying cars. And eventually, he was able to fix his car battery problems for good. Ted was happy that he no longer had to go the mechanic.
I wanted a simple bike for commuting. So I bought a cheap one one sale. But it didn't fit me properly. And it was uncomfortable to ride. I ended up returning it and buying something more expensive.
My friend Sally and her husband took their son to Denver. Their son's futsal team was in a national semifinal. Futsal is an indoor form of soccer. The team lost in the semifinal, and everyone had to go home. Sally and her husband were still very proud.
Ellie was crushed that everyone but her was invited to Katy's party. The day before the party Katy asked her why she hadn't RSVP'd. Ellie realized that she was supposed to be invited. She told Katy she hadn't gotten an invitation but she could go. She felt much happier that she had been left out by accident.
The American team was stunned. They had just lost their game. They were expected to win by a lot. The athletes were all very disappointed. They vowed to win next year.
Little Alex was playing with his RC car in his driveway. His controller lost battery power, and his car went into the street. Alex knew he wasn't supposed to go out into the road. A truck was coming, though, and he thought his toy would get crushed! Luckily, a neighbor saw it and rescued it for him just in time!
The kids played their new Rock Band Star game. They named their new band Riot. The name stuck with them at school the following week. The kids all went around calling them Rock Band Riot. They were getting popular all because of a video game.
Jon has a big math test in the morning. He decided he didn't need to study. When he got to class, he felt confident. His teacher gave out the test and he started filling out answers. Jon was excited when he made an A.
Joey wants to get away from the city life. He has no idea how to go about doing it. One day he asked his friend from the country. His friend told him he would take him fishing. Joey went fishing with his friend and the best time together.
Frank carried a tray of food towards the table. Another waiter ran into him. Frank almost spilled all of the food. He set the food on the table. He told his customers that he had almost dropped all of their food.
Adam is obsessed with video games. Lately his brother was always beating him at Street Fighter. Adam practiced for weeks, but still lost. Luckily, there were cheat codes on the internet. Now Adam never loses.
I went to the bank and got my money. I walked into a gun store. I asked questions about numerous guns. I ended up picking out a nine millimeter pistol. I paid for the pistol and left the store.
Lisa got a new cell phone for her birthday. She spent hours playing with all of its new features. And she installed several apps. Everyday, she spent hours texting her friends. And her parents regret her buying a new phone.
Last week I was driving home from work. A kid ran into the street. I had to break hard. The car behind me was too close and hit me. We exchanged insurance information in a calmly fashion.
Terry took a creative class. She really enjoyed the class. A test came up. She did the assignments to prepare. Terry passed the test well.
Deedee was looking for a comfortable home. Riding in and around all communities. Deedee had a certain budget to stay in. Deedee found a split level, patio, deck and lovely yard areas. The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides.
Stacy saw new neighbors were moving in. She went over to introduce herself. The neighbors were very rude to her. She felt embarrassed and went home. Every time she saw them outside after that, she looked away.
Ned stayed up late to study for his chemistry test. He had done poorly in previous tests. This time, he decided he would stay up all night to study. Ned ended up falling asleep at 5AM. Ned overslept and missed his test.
The young woman was worried sick about her interview She stayed up all night dreading the interview. The next day, it took all her courage to be interviewed. She did very well and was offered a position. Now she wonders why she gets so worked up.
The 2nd grade class is going on a field trip today. They are going to the aquarium. The entire class is excited as they load up in the bus. When they entire the aquarium, all there mouths open. They are amazed by all the aquatic life.
Jenny and Julie were best friends They both attended the same college. One day they decided to rent a house together They looked for several weeks until they found the right place. They now enjoy each other's company all the time.
I went to my friend Annette's house for a sleepover. All my friends were there. We watched scary movies until the wee hours of the morning. We were afraid to sleep after the movies, so we ate popcorn. I was the first to fall asleep, so my underwear was frozen.
My friends and I went to Hooters. They kept it a secret where we were going. It was supposed to be just the guys. But my friend's girlfriend came. They incorrectly told the waitress it was my birthday.
Freddy has worked at the pizza shop for many Year's. He has always wanted to toss pizza but his boss doesn't let him. Finally Freddy tells his boss he needs to be able to toss pizza. His boss allows it. Now Freddy's pizza tossing dreams have come true.
It was a new school year. Kim was so nervous about the first day. Her mother walked her to class. Kim met her teacher. She learned that everything was going to be okay.
Tina started to work at the clothing store. She was not sure she would like it. Thankfully she got the hang of it. Tina made some new friends. It made things easier for her.
Tom was a huge soccer fan. He loved his country's team. Unfortunately they weren't that good. Tom excitedly watched the world cup. His country was eliminated right away.
I don't know why it bothered me so much. It always did when people spoke that way. It made me want to run away and hide from everyone. Nobody allowed me to leave the room until I was ready to talk about it. I finally gave it and poured my heart out.
Sam decided to get healthier. He resolved to eat more vegetables. He thought of a clever way to do it. Every day he made a big salad for lunch. Sam got his veggies in a tasty way!
I was in a study abroad program in college. I went to France. I did not have a car while I was there. I walked everywhere instead. I lost twenty pounds from walking everywhere in France.
Amy had removed her chipped nail polish from her nails. She was now trying to choose a new color for her nails. This was hard because she had over twenty different colors. She finally settled on a dark blue color because she was feeling sad. Amy painted her nails.
I was worried when my son expressed an interest in playing football. He had had concussions twice before. I consulted his pediatrician who thought it would be okay. Although other kids on his team got hurt, he didn't. Because of his contribution, the team finished in first place.
Barry loved to make collages. He would flip through his favorite magazines and cut pictures. He eventually tried to sell his collages at the local bazaar. Nobody ever bought them but he didn't care. His love for collages was greater than his need to sell them.
Ellen was sick of paying too much for veggies. She planted her own seeds. She tended the sprouts every day. Soon she had a small garden of veggies. Ellen didn't have to buy them anymore!
Alfred Jumblies was a court prosecutor. He had won dozens of cases in his short career. Many of his colleagues thought he was well on his way to becoming DA. Until one day he was caught with a dead hooker in his apartment. He represented himself in court, and that was the one case he lost.
Roger lost his job. Ron invited Roger to live with him for free until he found a job. Six months later, Roger still hadn't found a job. Ron knew Roger wasn't looking hard enough and kicked him out. Roger and Ron stopped being friends because he did this.
Beatrice is almost as attractive as her sister. Devin prefers her sister, but wouldn't say no to Beatrice. Devin did everything he could to get noticed by her sister. Only Beatrice noticed, so Devin asked out Beatrice. Devin and Beatrice had a nice night together.
Kia found a scratched-off lottery ticket on the ground. She picked it up out of habit and checked the numbers. Surprised, she found that the ticket was a $5 winner. It must have fallen out of somebody's pocket or purse! Kia was pleased with her find.
Tina was working as a maid. She hated her job. Nothing she did was ever enough. She contemplated quitting. But she stuck it out.
Tom loved read the horoscopes. He enjoyed the articulate and uplifting language used. He told all of his friends about the Zodiac. His friends had never read their horoscopes. His friends enjoyed learning about the Zodiac.
The family went downtown. They looked at the war memorial. They read the names carved into the stone. They felt solemn. They walked home quietly and respectfully.
Jack was a pretty talented young artist. He painted portraits in his free time very often. His mother encouraged him to submit his work to a gallery. Jack agreed to do so and received a call from a college recruiter. He was offered a full ride scholarship to the best art school.
My cat loves to play fetch. I played fetch with her today. I threw her toy mouse. She chased her toy mouse. She brought her toy mouse back.
Ava and Ari fought all the time. Ava often wished she had no brother. Then I went off to join the Army. In his absence, Ava noticed a strange thing. She actually missed her brother Ari!
Mike wanted to DJ electronic music. Mike knew nothing about music. He started reading about it online. He has been practicing his DJ skills for months. He recently got hired by the radio station to DJ.
Last week I had a very important test to take. It was a physics test that I forgot to study for. I stayed up late to study for it. All my studying paid off. But I was very tired all the next day.
Bob's mother was very nasty and never made him feel loved. In adulthood, he had a hard time trusting women. He finally married Kate but was unsure about having children. When she became pregnant, Bob worried about making a child happy. When he saw Kate hold the baby, radiating love, his fears dissolved.
Jemma wanted to see America. She got a job to save up money to travel. After a few months, Jemma had enough saved to go on a trip. Jemma bought a bus ticket and booked a hotel. She was very excited to start seeing the country.
Ashton was walking home. A truck drove by close to him. Ashton was scared. He jumped into the ditch. Ashton broke his ankle when he landed.
Sally didn't want to go to school so she faked being sick. She put her forehead against her forehead to make herself hot. She lightly wiped water on her face to simulate sweat. She called her mother into the room to examine her. Her mother looked at her and told her she better get to school.
I bought the updated Keurig. It can now make a large carafe of coffee. It is a cool new update. It came with some free samples. I love the coffee.
Charles had a degree in journalism but no job. He decided to invent his own job. He began writing books and then took a low paying job. After a while he self-published one book per week. He told an audience of students he wrote from 3am to 7am everyday.
Anna wanted to help out in her town. She hated seeing the poverty around her. So after school, she went to work in a soup kitchen. There, she doled out meals and even blankets. It made Anna feel good about herself.
Tina was hungry and driving home from work. She passed by a strip mall with a few restaurants. She only wanted to go the sushi restaurant. But she knew it was expensive. She decided to eat there but felt guilty.
I lived in Miami. It didn't snow there during Winter. But, my kids wanted to build a snowman. I decided that we could make a snowman out of mud. My kids agreed and we had a lot of fun!
Sally woke up late because her alarm did not go off. She jumped out of bed and got dressed. Sally ran to the bus stop. She got there just as the bus was pulling away. Sally will make sure her alarm is set from now on.
Leslie and Jerry dated in high school. They were careless and she got pregnant. Leslie lied to Jerry and said the baby wasn't his. But when the baby was 5 years old he looked just like Jerry. The court ordered a DNA test that proved that Jerry is the father.
Sarah has a job interview. She is nervous and really wants this job. She has researched the company and prepared. Sarah arrived on site. She interviewed and was offered the job on the spot.
Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show. During the show, there were games. There was also a dance. After it was over, the audience played more games. Eventually, the show was over.
Last year my tooth started to bother me. My hygienist said the tooth looked ok. The dentist took an x-ray and said it was an abscess. He said a root canal would not help. I had the tooth pulled in March.
Dave decided he would wash his dad's car that weekend. He took the car through the carwash but scraped the side of the door. He got out to inspect the scratch and it was bad. Dave new have been very careless. His dad wasn't mad but told Dave to be careful next time.
Alana loved the smell of fresh baked bread. She remembered smelling it all the time when she was little. That's why making bread was the first thing she learned to cook. She bought herself a new bread maker for Christmas. She couldn't wait to go home and bake bread.
Dan recently experienced theft at work. Dan found that his lunch repeatedly got stolen from work. One day Dan decided to put a small camera in the break room. Dan saw that his coworker Evan was the one taking his food. Dan was shocked by the theft of his food by Evan.
There's a music festival in my town today. I go every year and try all the food. It's expensive but it's fun to treat myself. All of the bands perform for free. It's a shame every town can't host a festival once in awhile.
Caden went outside with his daddy. He wasn't paying attention to what he was doing. He ran his hand on a piece of metal. The metal cut his thumb deep. Zaiden had to go get stitches.
Fred was very hungry. So he decided to cook something. However, he had never cooked before. Still he tried to make something. And he burned all the food.
The fraternity decided to invest in a pooled money on the big lottery. The local game had increased their jackpot to hundred of millions. The fraternity pooled together one hundred dollars to invest. On the drawing day of the lottery, they had a party. It was not surprising that they did not win.
Allen and Maria decided to visit the beach. At the beach, they saw a small crowd of people around something. Allen and Maria moved closer and saw a dolphin was lying on shore. The small crowd discussed what to do about the dolphin. Allen and Maria helped by nudging the dolphin toward the water.
Tunngly Gilmore was furious. He'd been playing golf, and hit a bad chip. The ball chipped so hard it hit a bird, and landed in the forest. Tunngly searched for an hour, but found his ball. His next shot ended up in the water.
Louise worked online on Mturk. She had worked on a huge, well-paying batch one day. The next day she saw that all of the work was rejected. Online, many people reported the same experience. Luckily, it ended up being an error that the requester quickly fixed.
Johnny owed a lot of money to a very bad man. He was due to pay him back but didn't have enough money. He went to the casino to gamble in the hope to win. But he lost all he had. The next day, the the police found his body in the river.
I was at a restaurant with friends. They had an option of either Coke or Pepsi. Most places only have one I wasn't sure what to do. So I asked them for a mix of both.
The Johnsons always went to the beach for vacation. This year they decided to go skiing. They rented a cabin at a resort. They did snow activities. It was the best trip ever.
I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor. After the week was over, I had a very nice shed.
One day a man moved from New Hampshire to Aomori, Japan. There were many similarities between the two places. For example, they both grow a lot of apples. The man met a beautiful woman and got married to her. They both lived out their days in the countryside of Japan.
I was doing mTurk tasks this morning. I went to FB for a few minutes. I saw a post about Jaden Smith's suicide. I found out it was a hoax. I decided to limit my FB viewing.
Today was the first day of school. Bob was feeling really nervous about being the new kid. As soon as he walked in the door, several people smiled at him. They asked him if he would like to eat lunch with them. He agreed, and was happy to have something to look forward to.
Fred was short the market. He thought it was going down. Unfortunately the opposite happened. The market rallied. Fred lost his money.
Chuck was driving his convertible to the store to buy fruit. A deer caused him to swerve off the road. He then ran into an apple tree. Apples rained down from the branches. With his car full of apples he no longer needed to go to the store.
The man wrote an editorial. The paper published it. Many people disagreed. One of them wrote a rebuttal. The paper published the rebuttal.
Jake was out on the lake with friends. Jake had been drinking and tried to steer the boat. He accidentally flipped it over. A couple of friends were injured. Everyone was soaked, cold and annoyed.
Tina was having her period. She got incredibly moody. Her boyfriend hadn't realized. Tina blew up on him throughout the day. Her boyfriend got her midol for her cramps.
Tina was waiting on an elevator with a man. The man got off of the elevator. Tina realized he left his wallet. She stopped the door from closing. Tina yelled at the man that exited the elevator.
Max was in a band playing their first show. He was really nervous especially because he had to sing. When they went on stage he forced himself to overcome his fears. His worries came true when his voice cracked in one song. Luckily he went on like nothing happened and people cheered.
Sean turned twenty-one years old. He decided to start drinking beer. Over the years, Sean became an alcoholic. One day, he realized that the beer was killing him. Sean decided to quit drinking beer.
Dane wanted to be a famous violin player. No matter how hard he tried, he never got better at the violin. Someone suggested Dane tried to play the piano instead. The moment Dane put his fingers on it, he knew he had to play piano. He went to become the most renown piano player in the country.
Chuck woke up in a good mood. Today was going to be a great day. He whistled cheerfully as he exited the house. The whistling halted abruptly when he saw the flat tire. Chuck grumbled to himself as he settled at his desk.
Sam was reading the book out loud in class. After she finished read one page, she tried to flip the page. The sides ended up cutting her finger. The teacher immediately took her to a clinic. The nurse rubbed alcohol and placed a band-aid around it.
A woman brought a jar of pennies to the bank. She hoped to deposit them. The teller, though, wouldn't accept unrolled coins. Rolling them was more effort than the woman was willing to put in. She left the jar on the curb for anyone willing to put in the work.
Laura was going for a walk. She decided to bring her dog along. The two were having a great time in the park. Laura decided to stop and chat with some friends. When she turned around Laura's dog was gone!
I was sitting on my couch watching tv. I saw bugs crawl from everywhere. I looked all over to figure out where they came from. I began to think I would never find the source. It turns out they were all hiding in my old couch.
Joe's pregnant wife called him while he was at work. Joe rushed out from behind his desk telling his boss he had to go. Joe sped across the parking peeling rubber behind him. He must have driven through every red light. Joe made it to the hospital just in time to see his son's birth.
James had a flat tire on his truck. He changed the tire on the side of the road. A man and his daughter stopped to help him change the tire. The father introduced his college aged daughter to James. James was thankful for the flat tire.
I broke my flip phone. It was a flip phone. The phone would not close properly. Verizon said they would replace the phone. My phone was the only kind they would replace for free.
Jacob has always loved serving people food. He loved when his parents hosted parties growing up. Jacob's passion led him to open a bistro downtown. He didn't do a good job in picking a chef to hire. Now no one wants to eat there because the food isn't very good.
I bought a cookie jar just for cookies in our home. It was a retro Beetlejuice cookie jar. We put it on the counter, and we can get a cookie every day from it. Right now it has lots of raisin cookies in it, so we can eat them. It's keeping the cookies nice and fresh.
Robert took a short nap. He woke up with a pain in his neck. He took some medicine. He felt better but he got tired again. He fell back asleep.
Jerry worked in a salt mine. He would lug his materials to work every morning. Jerry stopped to pick up a small shiny rock outside the mine. When he turned it over it shined like gold. Jerry ran to sell the nugget but it was pyrite, not gold.
Candace was about to put her son to bed. She walked into his room and saw that baby wipes were everywhere Her toddler had pulled them out and scattered them. Candace scolded him and then had him help to clean them up. When they were done she put him to bed.
Laura was trying to figure out how to play a song. She had the notes down, but the rhythm was tricky. She went through each measure slowly on her trombone. She penciled notes onto her sheet music to help her remember. Tomorrow, she'd have the song ready.
Jay really loved his girlfriend Nora. For their tenth anniversary of dating, he had a surprise. He took her to a nice dinner. Then he dropped to one knee! Jay proposed right there in the restaurant!
Nell was jealous when her big sister became a girl scout. She fumed when her sister earned a merit badge for her sash. Nell found the merit badge and hid it in her dresser. She found her sister sobbing over the lost merit badge. Nell hugged her sister and said girl scouts were stupid anyway.
I was holding my infant. I noticed that he smelled really bad. I took him to his changing table. I changed his diaper really fast. When it was over, he smelled much better.
College is a scary time. Today I headed off to the dorms. This is the first time I am away from my parents. I met a few friends. We have so much free time!
Kian wore thick glasses and was overweight. His schoolmates made fun of him constantly. But then his dad bought a farm, and they moved to a tiny town. There was no school, so Kian's mom homeschooled him. For the first time, Kian found that he loved learning!
Mike chose the shortest line at the convenience store. The person in front of him tried to pay in nickels from a glass jar. The cashier counted the nickels three times. Every time she counted, the total was a nickel short. Mike knew that he always picks the wrong line at the store.
Shane was holding his baby. He was throwing the baby in the air and holding him up high. Suddenly, the baby spit up. The spit up when everywhere, including down Shane's shirt. Shane put the baby down and cleaned both of them up.
Every year school closes when the snow comes down too hard. Madison loves snow days since she gets to skip school to play. One morning Madison awoke to see that it was snowing! She eagerly waited to hear if school would be closed so she can play. Madison found out school was closed, so she ran to play in the snow!
Luis loved cars. But he could barely afford to pay his bills. He couldn't resist buying new parts for his car however. And he had several other cars in his garage. But eventually, Luis had to sell all of them to keep his house.
Joan didn't like pizza but her co workers did. Every day she ate pizza with them for lunch anyway. One day, she brought a homemade sandwich to work. She showed her sandwich and her coworkers shook their heads. Joan hold firm and ate her sandwich foregoing the pizza.
Jeff started his own fitness business a year ago. It just recently took off and requires Jeff's full attention. He quit his job to work from home and focus on his business. He is very busy and works full days but it also very happy. He is living his dream and is his own boss.
Tom's mother's birthday was coming up. Tom wanted to surprise her with a gift she would like. He noticed she was running out of her favorite perfume. He surprised her by giving her the gift of her favorite perfume. His mother was pleasantly surprised and very happy with her gift.
Timmy was struggling in math. He needed to pull a B on his test in order to pass his class. He studied for hours on end. He felt prepared on the day of the exam. He took the exam and ended up getting an A on the test.
Cory was always hunting coupons in the mail. Today, he received over 100 coupons in the mail. He went through each coupon and cut them apart. At the end of the day, there was a lot of coupons on his desk. He was happy with the all the savings he was about to enjoy.
Ben decided to do some yard work over the weekend. He spent a lot of time bending over to pull weeds. When he got up Monday morning, Ben was in severe pain. Ben's back hurt because of the strenuous yard work. Ben had to take the day off to help his back recover.
He can't make the same mistakes as before. He had been on other dates and always something went wrong. He was waiting for her to answer the door. He told himself that this date had to go well. She still hadn't answered the door and he began to get scared!
The family was visiting the zoo. They saw a huge gorilla in an enclosure. They watched him closely. He stared back. The gorilla was an incredible creature!
Jill's birthday was Saturday. Her daughter wanted to surprise her, so she contacted all her friends. They all bought presents and showed up at the right time. Jill's daughter forgot to tell her she was having a party. So Jill didn't show up for her own birthday party.
Kristy didn't have food in her house and wanted to eat dinner. She looked everywhere but couldn't find a single crumb. Her mom wouldn't be home for a couple days so she was alone. Just before she gave up, she remembered her emergency stash. She was very relieved and started cooking immediately.
Jenna always wanted to take tap dancing lessons. Her family could not afford to pay for her to go. One day Jenna's friend told her about a special free dance class. Jenna excitedly signed up right away. She took the class for a month and enjoyed it very much.
Timothy walked outside onto his balcony. He smelled the salt in the air coming off of the ocean. He put on his swim shorts and headed down to the beach. He saw the beach was closed because sharks were spotted. Timothy wasn't afraid of sharks and went swimming anyway.
Jon worked as a car salesman. He got a twenty-percent commission for every car he sold. He sold thirty cars one month! His boss refused to pay him the full commission. He sued his boss and won!
Sam was studying for a chemistry test. He was having trouble remembering some formulas. He studied for the entire night hoping to memorize it. He got into the test and was doing well until he forgot a formula. Sam failed his test.
One summer, I taught English classes in Hong Kong. On the first day everyone told me their English name. One girl named herself Peonia but her friend told her it wasn't good. She agreed and changed her name. She decided that her new name would be Paris instead.
Jen wrote a story for her English class. She was finished and needed a title. She wrote down a list of 10 good potential titles. She crossed off the ones that weren't as good. Jen picked at random at the remaining 4 choices.
It was the final match in the tournament. Sarah was up against a tough adversary. They were both one point away from winning. Her opponent lunged, but Sarah parried. She scored a point and won the tournament.
A young man was tasked with writing simple stories. He found the work easy enough when he reflected on his life. There were a good many stories to tell, and he told many of them. Some were easier to make simple than others, it was like a game. He reflected on how meta it was to write about writing.
A mouse was running through a kitchen. It spotted a large cracker on the counter. It found a way to reach the top of the counter. It then grabbed the cracker and struggled to carry it. It persisted until it brought the whole thing to its lair.
Betsy has a love for fruit snacks. One time she ate ten packs in one hour. This made her feel a little sick. She could not look at fruit snacks for months. Finally, she was able to eat her beloved fruit snacks again.
Al was tired of having nightmares. He looked on the internet to see if he could fix the problem. Al read about a trick that just might work. He went to bed that night, deliberately pondering something pleasant. Al dreamed about the pleasant thought and slept like a baby!
Aaron's car broke down on the side of the road. He was on an empty stretch of road outside of town. A man in a truck gave Aaron a ride into town. Aaron had a signal when he got into town. Aaron used his phone from town to call a tow truck.
Joe went to the free throw line to take two shots. The game was tied and only one second remained. Joe missed the first shot. Joe cocked back and let this second shot fly. The shot went in and Joe helped his team win the game.
Pacey was very difficult to deliver. Angela was so small that they had to do a cesarean to get her out. The doctors told her she had a blood clotting disorder. Because of the disorder, she would never have another child. This upset Angela and Bryan badly.
Tim's family was a military family so he always knew his future. Tim prepared for years by joining ROTC in high school. He graduated last week so he went down to a local recruitment center. When he was there he met with a recruitment officer. At the end of his meeting Tim signed the papers and reached his goal.
Bart loved to skateboard. He would always skate around the school. The principal didn't allow him to skate. One day the principal caught him skating and took his board! Bart had to wait until the end of the day to get it back.
We celebrated Chinese New Year on February 7th. We had a New Year's Eve dinner. We ate roasted chicken and rice. We also ate oranges. We rang in the new year by watching a youtube video of fireworks.
Gina was playing a song she liked in her tape deck. Suddenly the song stopped. Gina went to the stereo and took the tape out. The tape was wound around the gears of the tape deck. Gina worked gently to remove it and keep the tape intact.
Barry decided to go Bungee Jumping. He flew out to Argentina to bungee jump in Patagonia. He hired a guide to take him to a cliff and assist him. Barry was scared but he decided to jump anyways. The bungee cord snapped and Barry fell to his death.
Jim was tired of being tech support. Every day he had the same irritating customers. One day, he unplugged his headset and the boss didn't notice. He continued to do this and showed up to work to do nothing. He was never found out and ended up advancing to management.
Charles hadn't seen Dana, his uncle, in ten years. After the birthday party they went outside. Dana showed Charles his new luxury car. Charles was impressed and sat in the driver's seat. Dana's girlfriend screamed after Charles, you can't drive our car!
Abel worked hard mowing lawns for extra money. He currently had 5 lawns he was responsible for. One day one of his customers was unhappy with the work Abel did. Abel apologized and promised to do a better job next time. The customer did not want Able to continue to work on his lawn.
The teacher told the students not to bring any snacks to school. They had a student with peanut allergies. So this could not be risked. Jim brought in peanut butter crackers on accident. The child ate one and went into shock.
Tom had never been horseback riding. Tom met a girl who was really into horses. Tom scheduled a day for the two of them at a horse farm. Tom mounted his horse as she mounted hers. Tom's horse instantly threw him off and to the ground!
We could see the clouds rolling in nearby. As they got closer, they also got darker looking. A huge lightning bolt came from one of the clouds down to the ground. Seconds later, the ground shook. Everyone nearby took cover from the incoming storm.
I went hiking yesterday. It was horrible. By the end of the hike it started to rain. Not to mention the exhausting six miles. I passed out at the end.
Providence played against USC in college basketball today. The game was close, with each team taking the lead several times. At halftime USC was leading by one point. USC gained a 7 point lead midway through the second half. Providence came back and won the game in the final minutes.
Martha told her sons to clean her room. He did all of that. But the room still smelled. After a brief search they found the culprit. There were dirty socks in the back.
My cat usually loves to play with water. Once, she fell in the sink. She was startled from the fall. It took her hours to dry off. Now, she avoids the sink.
Amy was going to Walgreen's one night. It was slick from the snow, and dark outside. Amy slipped on a patch of ice. When she looked down she saw a few dollar bills folded up. Amy hadn't seen anyone go in the store so she kept the cash.
Tim was walking to work. It was raining and he had his umbrella out. Strong winds started to hit. Tim's umbrella was turned inside out. It was broken beyond repair.
The high schoolers were excited for Chemistry class. They got to work in the lab. They did lots of experiments involving fire. When class was over, they went home to study. They wanted to be ready for the next class!
My coworker Sally just ended a ten-year affair. The affair ended after the man's wife threatened a divorce. Sally was sad as her man has refused to talk to her. Yesterday she posted a TBT FB post about how they used to kiss. I felt sad for Sally.
Julie's family wanted a new dog. They visited an animal shelter to get one. Julie loved all the dogs, but one cute mutt in particular. They took him home and she named him Jax. Julie was so happy, and loved Jax dearly.
The movie I was watching ended. I went to change the channel. The remote did not work. I got up to look for batteries. I changed the batteries in the remote.
I went to the movies last week with my mom. We saw a movie about werewolves. My mom was scared the whole way through. She was so scared that she had her eyes closed the whole time. I didn't think the movie was that scary though.
Jane asked Jack to take the garbage out. Jack said he would, but did not. Jane was frustrated that Jack didn't do as she asked. In the morning, Jane went to take the garbage out herself. To her surprise, Jack had already taken it out!
It was dusk and shadows fell across the sidewalk as I walked home. The street was oddly deserted and I felt uneasy as twilight set in. Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed! My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying. I gave him a good whack to let him know I didn't care for his joke.
I was hungry so I went to the kitchen to make a snack. I put some chicken and cheese on a slice of bread to make a sandwich. There wasn't any more bread in my house so I folded it over. I ate the sandwich much like a hotdog. My new food invention satisfied my hunger.
Jamie loved her troll doll. She would stroke its hair when she was nervous. One day, her troll fell out of her backpack! Jamie was so upset! Her mom told her she would buy her a new one.
Charles was taking a trip to the mall for new clothes. After shopping around at the mall for a few hours he had no luck. Sitting in the food court he ate while reading his phone. An emailed popped up, a new store had opened across the street. Finishing his meal, he drove to the store to see their options.
Tim moved into a new house. It was old and had several stories about it. Tim kept hearing sounds at night. He didn't believe in ghosts. Tim wasn't really that bothered by it overall.
Alicia and her brothers spent time in the woods. Her older brother made a homemade filter. He tried getting them to all drink the water. Alicia refused because she wasn't sure it was really clean. But her other siblings tried it and liked it.
The man laughed in the store. The person next to him started laughing. People were looking at them laughing. That made the men laugh harder. Soon the whole store was looking.
Twas the night before Easter. Norma still needed to put some baskets together for her children. The store was out of everything she needed besides the basic candy. She ended up decorating paper bags with handmade paper bunnies. Her children loved her homemade Easter decorations on Easter morning.
Herbert had a small farm in Missouri. As he got older, Herbert had difficulty maintaining the farm. He tried to sell the farm, but could find no buyers. Unable to sell the farm, he decided to give it to his nephew. Herbert's nephew was able to keep the farm running.
Marion was a manager at a fast food restaurant. Marion was working when two men came in. The men were obviously drunk. Marion asked the men to leave. When the men refused, she called the police.
Mable was eating soup for supper. She decided to eat her soup in her recliner. Mable shifted in her seat. She spilled soup down her leg. Mable burned her legs.
Tom was writing a letter to his son Zachary. He wasn't what to say. After an hour, Tom gave up and threw the letter away. Tom later regretted giving up and tried again. This time, Tom completed his letter and mailed it out.
Simon ordered a turkey sandwich to go at Jimmy Johns. When he unwrapped the sandwich at home it was roast beef. He thought about returning it, but decided it was not worth the effort He ate the roast beef sandwich. He thought it was okay, but not as good as the turkey.
Amanda, a Protestant, liked Allen, but Allen wasn't interested. Allen is staunchly Catholic, and wants his girl to also be Catholic. Amanda was determined to be with Allen no matter what. Amanda changed to become a Catholic just for Allen! Allen is quite happy to date Amanda now!
A man drove his car across the country to see the landscape. He was horribly lost after two hours of driving. He pulled up to a gas station and asked for directions to the highway. The gas attendant didn't know roads and just pointed. The man thanked the worker and drove in that direction.
Seth is eating his favorite hot dog. While eating seth gets a text message that makes him laugh. While laughing he gets some hot dog stuck in his throat. His friends come to his rescue and help him. Seth spits out the hot dog he was chewing on and thanks his friends.
Victor was on the basketball team, but he wasn't very good. He tried hard and practiced every day after school. He even went home and practiced by himself on weekends! When he finally got to play, he did wonderfully. All of his hard work paid off.
Melvin played for the local soccer team His team was called the panthers. His uniform even had a panther logo on it. Melvin went to the zoo and saw a panther in captivity. This made him very sad.
Max and Calvin were best friends that did everything together. They loved to play Minecraft on their Xbox. They would play for hours on end. After they built a great new world, they saved their progress. The were anxious to play together again.
Libby loves her job. She comes to work most days very happy. She sits at her computer and types the day away. Her supervisor got mad at her today for something she couldn't help. Sometimes, she hates her job.
Jerry is playing football. Jerry is trying to make a score. Jerry gets tackled. Jerry can't get up. Jerry is badly injured.
Jessie had a fear of grizzly bears. She always was the last to fall asleep during family camping trips. Jesse would try to stay up as long as possible looking out for bears. She happens to fall asleep just as a bear invade their camp. Jesse escaped promising to never go camping again.
The weather has been horrible lately. We had a use rain storm on Monday. It was really windy on Tuesday. The temperature dropped pretty low on Wednesday. Who knows how Thursday will be.
Jess was riding in the car with her friends. They were looking for something fun to do. Then they noticed some annoying classmates walking. They had some eggs and decided to throw them. Jess felt bad as soon as she did it, but it was too late.
I went to a beach near my area. I wanted to go swimming. While swimming in the water I saw a snake. The snake bit my leg. I had to be treated by the medical staff at the beach immediately.
Paula loved to drink coconut milk. She decided to try to make her own coconut milk. Paula bought a large coconut at the grocery store. When she got home, she had no way to open the coconut. Paula was disappointed that she couldn't make her own coconut milk.
Briana had been refusing to complete her chores. Her mom was at her wits end with what to do about it. Finally she decided to bribe Briana. She promised her a new toy in exchange for the toys. Luckily this prompted Briana to complete her chores.
Lindsay wanted a pet bird. She decided to do research into parrots and their lifespans. Lindsay went to a local shop to look and ask questions. She ended up finding two parrots she loved. A week later, Lindsay came back and bought the parrots.
Some kids were acting oddly on the playground. They kept touching each other's wrists and necks. A safety supervisor noticed the kids acting odd and walked over. She asked, "What are you doing?" The kids answers, "We're checking each other's heartbeats!"
Charles refused to buy a new phone. His old one was slow but still worked. ONe day Charles dropped it while hiking. The screen was cracked. Charles finally decided to buy a new one.
Brad wanted a new muscle shirt like his friends had. He checked a few stores, but they were all too expensive. Then he had a creative idea. He took an old tee shirt and carefully cut off the sleeves. His friends all loved his new homemade muscle shirt!
Tim was very judgmental. He always talked about people's clothes. If the clothes looked bad, he laughed. One day someone made fun of Tim's clothes. Tim was never judgmental again.
Kellen was born on a farm. Her doting parents brought her with them on all their farm errands. Kellen babbled and eventually started to speak. Her parents hoped she would say Mama or Dada first, but she didn't. Instead, Kellen pointed at the farm's cows and said: Moo!
I adopted a trio of rat brothers a while back. They were very cute and I decided to let them out to play. They ran all around my room, including under the dresser. There was no way to reach them so I had to wait for them. After that I made sure to block off access to tight hiding places.
Frankie was feeling very nostalgic after the reunion. He drove out to his high school football stadium. He sat on a bleacher and reminisced about those Years of his life. After about an hour, he left, smiling. No longer nostalgic, he was glad that part of his life was over.
Lisa saw herself in the mirror. She couldn't believe it. She was going grey. Lisa thought she was far too young. She immediately shaved it off.
Brenda was in debt and losing her home. She decided to buy a lottery ticket. Brenda watched the winning lottery numbers announced on TV. Brenda was shocked because she had the winning numbers! Brenda is no longer in debt and now owns two homes.
Will and his roommate, Jack, were having a debate. They disagreed about who would win the upcoming football game. They decided to make the situation interesting by betting ten bucks. Will and Jack both watched the game with intensity and nervousness. Will's team won, making him ten bucks richer!
Sheila loved to dye her hair. She really wanted her hair to be jet black. She applied the hair dye and washed it out. The next day Sheila realized that her whole head had become swollen. She rushed to the doctor and learned that she was allergic to the dye.
Eve's dog galloped into the dining room. They'd just set out a dinner buffet for guests soon to arrive. Her dog jumped on to the table and shoved its snout into the hot dogs. As her parents shouted, Eve tried to control her dog. He wagged his tail and looked at her sheepishly, still on the table.
Shy was starting college. She was nervous but excited. She wondered if she would like her classes. On her first day, she met many new friends. Shy realized she would love college, after all!
Hanna's grandma was visiting. Recently, Hanna had been getting into trouble. Her grandma sat her down and scolded her for this. She convinced her to stop acting out so much. Hanna thanked her grandma for helping her.
Bonnie had just moved to a new city. This meant she'd be starting a new school in a few days. Bonnie was so scared she was having trouble sleeping. The first day came and Bonnie found that everyone was friendly. Bonnie loved her new school and friends.
Imelda prided herself on being detail-oriented. She mentioned it in every interview. One day she woke up late for work and had to dress quickly. At work she was humiliated because she more non-matching socks. After that incident Imelda de-emphasized her detail-orientation.
Ryan was getting married on Sunday. So that mean Friday was the bachelor party. His one last night as a free man. Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach. His appendix burst, and his bachelor party was spent in a hospital.
I started to feel gross. I just wanted to stop working and go home. When I got there, I took a shower. I used my favorite scented shampoo. It made me feel a lot better.
Wendy woke to the sound of banging at her front door. She remembered hearing about a prowler on the news. Wendy grabbed her phone, ducked in the closet, and dialed the police. When the police showed up, they found the culprit. The door was banging in the wind because Wendy forgot the latch.
I really wanted cable television. However, I was not able to afford it. I asked my friends for advice. They came up with the perfect solution. I could watch cable tv at their places whenever I wanted.
Randy was out for a stroll. He walked across a long bridge. It spanned the whole river. He stopped in the middle and threw a penny into the water. He had made a wish from the bridge.
A photographer was in the city. He wanted to find good photos to take of street photography. He then saw a cop hitting a civilian. He took a lot of photos of it. The cop ended up stopping when he started taking the photos.
Tom wanted a pet. His dad took him to the pet store. Tom saw a black puppy in the cage. He bent down and reached into the cage. The puppy licked Tom's hand and wagged his tail happily.
Martin turned on the DVR to watch his favorite TV Show. He could not find the show he was looking for. Martin asked his roommate if he knew what happened to the show. Martin's roommate told him that he watched the show and deleted it. Martin was very upset.
Anna and her friends needed something to do. They had been to the movies and the mall. They finally decided on ice skating. They all fell many times. They still laughed and had fun.
John knew his friends wanted to go to the bar. He didn't much care for them. But he enjoys hanging out with friends. He went along and had fun. He even met a new girl.
Anne loved comfortable shoes. She put on some flip flops. They were squishy and comfortable. Anne loved the sound they made as she walked. The flip flops were her favorite shoes!
I was tired from making phone calls one day. I fell asleep in my car. I heard a tapping at my window. My manager wanted something. I apologized for falling asleep.
Becky went to summer camp when she was 16. She met a guy that she really liked. They fell in love and started to date. Becky never felt that way before. When camp was over they broke up.
Kate didn't want to go out in the rain. She decided to stay home instead. She hoped the rain would let up. The rain suddenly stopped. Just then the sun began to shine.
Mike was having trouble seeing the chalkboard in school. He told the school nurse and she gave him an eye test. The test indicated he should be wearing glasses. Mike's mom took him to the eye doctor a few days later. The doctor gave him glasses and Mike could see perfectly.
My cat always disappears. Once, he was gone for 5 days! He showed up on the 5th day with some scratches. He was always quick to get into a cat fight. For now, he is under house arrest.
Angie was in a bad marriage. She decided it was time to leave her husband. It was the hardest choice she ever made. The first few days was so rough. Angie finally figured out it was the best decision she made.
Vincent walked out into the street without looking. Mary's dad was driving and he slammed on the brakes. The car still bumped Vincent and knocked him down. Mary's dad carried Vincent into their living room. Looking at Vincent's face, Mary knew she was in love.
Whitney had been single for a year. She was about to give up on men until her best friend set her up. She agreed to the date and had a blast. Everything was perfect and she hit it off. It was love at first sight.
There was a shirt stand along a busy city road. They sold shirts of all shapes, sizes, and designs. The city informed them that they needed a permit to operate. They told the city that they refused to obtain a permit. The city, being under budget, was unable to enforce their law.
Vince told James that he can tie his shoes without his hands. James didn't believe him. However, he placed a bet with 50 dollars. Stole the money from the table and ran. James couldn't find him afterwards.
Samantha came from work exhausted. The first thing she did was to draw herself a bubble bath. While the water was filling the bath, she prepared her clothes. She put her slippers on. And when she went in the bathroom, her dog was in the bath.
Ken liked to go on birdwatching expeditions. On one expedition he lost his binoculars. He decided to pack his things and go home. Ken's friend had an extra pair of binoculars. Ken was able to enjoy the expedition using his friend's binoculars.
Carrie was worn out from carrying her books all day. Her dog had obliterated her backpack and set her up to suffer. Carrie wasn't paying attention and tripped over her own feet. Crying, Carrie almost made the decision to leave her books behind. A friend of her's happily knelt down and helped her out with her woes.
Jill got a visit from the Tooth Fairy when she lost her first tooth. When she realized she'd get money for teeth she started scheming. She might have only been six but she was smart. She had a container of shark teeth her grandfather had given her. She put them under her pillow but she didn't fool the Tooth Fairy!
A young boy wanted to a dog of his own. The young boy asked his parents if he could have a dog. His parents agreed that he could have a pet dog. His parents could not afford to buy the young boy a dog. The boy's grandparents surprised him by buying him his own pet dog.
Tom was a street magician. He earned extra money doing tricks on the street. He had a good crowd around him. His tricks were really on point. Tom made more money than ever before.
I work as a paraeducator in a high school. A teacher there has the students answer an SAT question every class. One day the answer to the vocabulary question was disconsolate. The teacher and the assistant principal were unsure of the answer. I was appalled, but felt like I had to apologize for knowing.
I wrote a Dear Santa letter last year. I wanted Santa to send me a handsome, rich and sensitive man. I mailed it December 25th last year. I've had a whole year to think about my letter to Santa. I changed my mind and I just want a hamburger like the ones on tv.
Peter and his dog, Ben, grew up together. When Peter went to college, he took Ben with him. Peter's new girlfriend hates dogs. She told Peter to get rid of Ben or she would leave him. Now Peter and Ben are more inseparable.
Elisa was moving to a new town. As a result she was the new kid on the block. Elisa was nervous about meeting new people. Luckily some nice kids introduced themselves. Elisa was then pretty happy she made some friends.
Eve was walking home from the grocery store. She didn't have a car so she was carrying her groceries. Then she ran into her neighbor. Her neighbor offered her a ride. Eve thanked her and obliged.
My roommate decided to make a lemon pudding pie. He set to work immediately. He thought it was finished, but the pie was still runny. Somehow, he had ruined the pie. We never figured out what he had done wrong.
Annie's daughter was starting school. Annie helped her daughter get ready for school. She brought her daughter to school in the morning. Annie returned to pick up her daughter. She was excited to hear about her first day of school.
Miles tried not to panic. He was hiking with his parents. He ran ahead of them. Now he didn't know where he was. Finally he heard them calling for him.
Laura planned a dinner to celebrate her birthday. She made reservations at a restaurant. The invitations were sent with the wrong address listed. Her guests arrived as the restaurant was closing due to the error. Determined to celebrate, everyone followed her to the 24 hour diner.
Evie loved to dance. Her mom allowed her to join a dance team. She went to dance club every week. Evie got very good at the routines. They asked her to be captain of the team.
I started a new video game. I created five characters. After a few battles, I started the game over. This time I created better characters, I thought. I lost the first battle.
Liz liked to walk alone late at night. One particularly dark night, she found herself far from home. Liz heard footsteps running up behind her. She didn't see anyone when she turned around. Liz ran all the way back home.
Kelley was excited. Her favorite book series was coming out. She was so eager to read it. But then it ended up getting delayed. She was so upset.
Thomas loved to go to the beach. One day, he found a very big clam. In fact, he had never seen a bigger clam. Thomas decided to bring the claim to his home. When he opened it, he found a very big pearl as well.
Brenda had lots of important papers. She got a safety deposit box at the bank. She stored them all there. After a few years, she went to retrieve them. The bank had lost them all!
Last night I was going to watch top chef. I had the television ready. Yet to my surprise the cable went out. I called the cable guy and he fixed it. When he left I was able to watch my show.
Kylie invited her friends over for an ice cream party. Her mom brought out 10 different flavors. Kylie and her friends made some silly combinations of ice cream. They all ate a lot of it and were full. They then watched a movie and went to sleep.
Tom had been gaining a lot of weight. Eventually his normal belts didn't fit anymore. Tom was embarrassed but knew what he had to do. Working out and losing weight was too hard. Tom bought new belts instead.
Brad loved trivia and knew all sorts of facts. But he wasn't skilled in any specific area. He worried about what kind of career he would qualify for. But then he was invited to play on a trivia game show, and he won! Brad's love of trivia earned him $1 million - and a happy life.
Jill had dreams of a huge garden. She convinced her husband to help her make the plot. Her husband rented a tiller and plowed up half the yard. Jill was stunned when she saw the size of the garden plot. She pretended to be pleased but was inwardly panicked.
Alan loved outer space and always had. He decided to be an astronaut when he grew up. His mom sent him to space camp to learn the ropes! Alan spent two weeks there. He loved every single minute of it!
Amy went to her room to change after volleyball practice. She hadn't realized how sleepy she was. She sat on the bed intending to get up. Before she knew it she was laying down. Two minutes later Amy was snoring.
Pete had a horrible cold. He went to see the new doctor in town. The doctor checked him out and gave him medicine. Within a few days, Pete had recovered. Pete told everyone that the new doctor was great!
Dave had never been to the famous San Diego Comic Con. One year, he decided he would save up some money for the convention. After working a lot of overtime, he saved up enough money. Dave was able to spend the entire week in San Diego. He loved being able to attend the convention and plans to do it again.
Mia sat at home in her living room watching sports. Her favorite soccer team was playing their rival. To encourage her team,  she began chanting positive phrases. During her chant, her favorite team scored a goal. Mia cheered loudly and thought that she helped score that goal.
Mariah needed help paying bills this month. Since she lost her job recently, she barely has any savings. While walking across a jewelry shop, she saw a cash register. She tried to take some money from it. However, a cop pulled her over and arrested her.
Alicia woke up very hungry. She started to make pancakes. She completely burnt one of them. The smoke alarms went off. She decided to eat cereal instead.
Carl ordered a pizza. It didn't arrive in over two hours. When it finally got there it was cold. Carl called to complain. He was given a replacement in proper time.
Cabot was entering eighth grade. Her dad built shelves to go in her locker. All of her friends loved Cabot's new shelves. She started a business selling locker shelves. She made $200 in the first week of school.
I always hate PE. When I was in the third grade the class was playing dodgeball. I was bored in the outfield, so I was spinning in full speed circles. We were playing on black top. I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out, I hate PE.
Kate's mom hated to drive. But Kate's best friend lived across town. Her mom saw her sitting around the house bored. To Kate's surprise her mother drove her to her friend's house. Kate was very grateful and happy for the ride.
John was the best boyfriend Lucy had ever had. She loved him more than she'd ever loved anyone. But one night she got mad. She yelled at John over something that wasn't his fault. She hopes John forgives her.
Hugo got a letter in the mail today. It said that something big would happen in two weeks. Huge marked his calendar and waited. On the day of he went outside and looked around. At the edge of his yard, he saw mean looking man with a gun.
Angel's hair was getting long. She decided to get a haircut. Angel made an appointment at the beauty salon. She cut a long length of hair from her head. Angel donated the hair for children with hair loss.
Susan was very hungry one day. She went to the store and bought a pie. It  was very delicious. The next day Susan got sick. Susan never bought a pie from that store again.
My brother and I liked to pretend play when we were growing up. My brother liked to build things. I liked to pack things up. We did both of those favorites when we played wagon train. He would build the covered wagon and I would pack for the long trip.
Tom was sleeping in on a weekend. All of a sudden someone walked into his apartment. Tom freaked out a bit. The intruder told him he was there to change the air filter. Tom had completely forgotten about it.
We went to dinner for my wife's birthday last night. My son and I had beers and my wife had a martini. We were late for our reservation but we got in. We ate scrod, fried fish and fried clams. It was an expensive but tasty meal.
Dillon loved his grandma very much. When his grandmother died, she left a large inheritance to Dillon. Dillon wanted to use the money for something his grandmother wanted. He gave a portion of the money to his grandmother's favorite charity. Dillon feels like his grandmother would be proud of his decision.
Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up.
The boy liked a girl. The boy asked the girl out. The girl refused. The boy persisted. The girl got a restraining order.
Kiyah is fascinated by outer space. She went to space camp as a child. She majored in astronomy in college. Kiyah now works for NASA. She is considered one of the foremost experts on space in the world.
Bill loved to play in the forest. One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost. He walked around the forest for hours. Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home. Bill was happy to be home with his mother!
I was passing out flyers for a real estate company. A cop stopped me and asked if I had a permit. I told him I did not. They informed me that I had to leave. I quit the job because I did not like being stopped by cops.
Chris was a traveling businessman. He was passing through an airport. He saw a boy shining shoes. He asked the boy to shine his shoes. The boy shined his shoes.
I ran into my crush the other day. I literally smacked right into him as I was running around a corner. I helped him up off the ground and apologized profusely. He smiled and didn't seem to be upset. I am happy I got to talk to him at all!
The Stephen family moved to Germany. They had to learn a new language. They practiced with each other. They learned it really quickly. Everyone thought they were German.
Dave parked his car in the parking lot. He encountered a fight between someone who wanted to park there. He wondered whether he should fight for it or leave it be. He chose not to fight for the parking spot but park somewhere else. As a result, he did not encounter unnecessary trouble.
Allie needed a new eyeliner. She was experimenting with different shades. Finally she found one she liked. She purchased it right away. When she got it she was pretty happy.
Riley is swimming with her friends. They agree to race. Riley tries as hard as she can. She ends up losing to her friends. Riley is sad she lost.
Whitney was meeting her friend at a Mexican restaurant for dinner. She got to the restaurant first. She went ahead and ordered a drink. Brooke called and asked where she was. Whitney was at the wrong restaurant.
Allan is a father of three children. But he didn't spend much time with them when they were children. The children begged to spend time with Alan but he didn't want to. The children are now adults and don't want to spend time with Allan. Allan is now getting a taste of his own medicine and doesn't like it.
Brandon was excited to finally go to Florida. He and his grandmother had planned the trip for months. The two packed the car with their bags. They got in the car and took off. After 12 hours, the two arrived at their destination.
Christmas was right around the corner. Mitch wanted to go all out this year. He spent that whole week putting lights around the house. At night the lights came alive. Mitch's house was the talk of the neighborhood.
Todd was on his way to a long anticipated vacation to Hawaii. He got up early and gave himself plenty of time to get to the airport. As soon as he got on the highway he hit a major traffic jam. By the time he got to the airport he already missed his flight. He had to reschedule his flight for later in the day.
Stu was at a bar over the weekend. There was a drunk annoying guy there. At the end of the night the guy bumped into Stu. Stu tried to let it go but the drunk guy started a fight. It was broken up by security almost immediately.
Dan got his belongings together for his vacation trip. Before leaving the house, his sister ran to him. She showed a broken watch to him. Since he paid $300 dollars for it, he pushed her. His mom saw them fighting and grounded Dan from going anywhere.
Molly recently moved from California to Georgia. She moved during the winter and didn't realize how cold it would be. She didn't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one. She has to wear the big heavy coat all the time now to keep warm. The cold Winter has made Molly miss California.
Tom couldn't find his glasses. He tried looking everywhere. After a while he bent over and the fell to the floor. They had been on his head the entire time. Unfortunately they broke when the fell off.
My new job seemed perfect on the first day. All of the employees greeted me with delight and excitement. Once I came into my new office, it was clean and organized. Several of the clients I've dealt with we're also kind and cooperative. I went home with a smile.
The teacher was going over yesterday's homework. He got a phone call from the guidance counselor. He told me that I had to go to the principal's office. I decided to pack my belongings and head over there. The guidance counselor told me that I had detention for littering.
We decided to have a diaper party for one of our friends. They were about to have a baby so we thought it was a good idea. We got all the guys together and they had to bring diapers. He ended up with so many diapers that they didn't need to buy any. They were so excited for the generosity.
Tim didn't know what to watch. Netflix had a lot of options. He kept scrolling through them. He finally gave up and picked something random. It was terrible.
Ben and his friend were playing in a field with a lighter. They began to light small bushes on fire and then put out the flames. While playing with one fire, it grew out of control and spread fast. Ben and his friend tried to put out the fire but failed. They ran away and told Ben's parents, who called the fire department.
My friends and I decided to go to the cape. It was a long car ride. We decided to watch a long movie to keep us occupied. When we got there it started to rain. Thankfully we had umbrellas.
Kay was shopping and forgot to use her coupons. This was the 2nd time she had forgotten and decided to get a refund. She waited 10 minutes at the service desk. The cashier took her coupons and gave her $4 in return. She decided she would always get her refund if she forgot her coupons.
The new homeowners were excited to renovate their bathroom. The retiled the floor. They also replaced the vanity. When they were finished, they stood back and smiled at their hard work. It was a huge sense of accomplishment!
Hank was driving his car on the highway. He came to a stop in front of several cars. The engine started to accumulate smoke and it started to shut down. Hank got out of the car to check the problem. He became frustrated since several cars were beeping their horns.
Chad attempted to accept a new task. The task required the ability to translate Spanish. Chad went to his sister's house to find the nanny. The nanny spoke Spanish to Chad. The nanny helped Chad complete 150 tasks.
Bella was busy one night on her computer. It was a stormy night and Bella felt the thunder. Bella decided to save her work for later. She saw a bright flash and the power went out. Bella was glad to have saved her work.
She went outside to get the dog. The rope lay on the ground. She quickly realized he had chewed through the rope. She ran around frantically calling his name. He came running out of the bushes.
The man picked up the cheese grater. He tried to shred some cheese. It was not sharp enough. The man looked online for help. He could not find advice on how to sharpen a cheese grater.
Buddy decided to play a pickup game of basketball. He called up a few of his friends and went to the court. During one of the plays his opponent knocked him over. Buddy was curled up in pain. After examination he found that his wrist was sprained.
Ken sighed and kicked his desk in frustration. He needed to get the special district transparency notice posted. He could feel the deadline tomorrow breathing down his neck. He asked his ISP if he could use the service he was paying for. He got the notice posted just in the nick of time.
Jake loved eating. Chips were his favorite. He would eat an entire bag on his own. He was never full. He bought five bags to last him through the weekend.
John and Susie were making Mother's Day breakfast for their mom. She loved her eggs over easy. John fried four eggs and broke the yolks on every one. He only had two left! Their mom had scrambled eggs instead!
Johnny loved computer games but could never afford a new computer. He bought a very old game thinking it would run on his laptop. To his surprise the screen just turned pink. He tried to take the game back but the store wouldn't accept it. Johnny ate the loss and never ended up playing the game.
My son has a fish. It was swimming in its tank. He took the fish out of the tank. He put it a small container. He cleaned the tank.
Mary and Todd were at the park. They were taking turns on the slide. Todd went down too soon after Mary. He knocked Mary to the ground. Mary got her tooth knocked out and she cried.
Poochie was a little pink plastic dog. He was my favorite toy until he got chewed up by my basset hound. One day I accidentally left him outside after playing, and it rained. When I found him the next day, he was muddy and chewed up. I threw him away in tears.
Alicia wanted to be a dog walker. She needed a job after school. So she applied with a local family. They decided to hire her. So Alicia was very happy she got the job.
The couple took a trip to Las Vegas. They didn't know how to gamble but thought they'd give it a go. They put $100 on the roulette table. The casino employee spun the wheel. The couple won $200!
Susan wanted to go to Africa. She wanted to go to Cape Town. When she got there it was great. She absolutely loved it. She couldn't wait to go back.
Billy was on his 45 minute break from work. He decided to relax at the employee lounge. He grew thirsty. Billy needed to decide between orange soda or pineapple. Billy decided to go for the pineapple soda.
Dan had recurring dreams about an approaching tornado. Dan was disturbed by having this dream night after night. Dan went to see a therapist to talk about this. Dan learned that his dream may indicate some latent anxiety. Dan found great relief in discovering this about himself.
Jordan was playing on her trampoline. Suddenly, her favorite charm bracelet caught on the rim. The bracelet snapped, and Jordan broke into tears. She gathered up all of the pieces. Luckily, her dad was able to fix the bracelet.
I went out to pick up dinner. I wasn't quite sure what to choose. Suddenly, I got a whiff of pizza. My choice was practically made for me. I headed home with dinner.
Today I went swimming. I love to swim. The water was very cold. The water made my teeth chatter. The water was so cold, I had to get out.
Joanie was in labor at the hospital. She was concentrating on having her baby. She didn't notice that her husband left. He had gone downstairs to get a sandwich. Joanie's husband missed their baby being born!
We had been in our new house about a week or two when he came. We were talking in the living room with the windows open. And we heard lots of meows and looked around. The kitty had jumped up on his hind legs to look in the window. We opened the door and he repaid us with pets and affection.
Penny had just moved to a new state. School was about to start and she had missed the orientation. The day after she moved in, her mom took her to the school. They met her teachers and got her schedule, and toured the school. Penny was very excited about the new school.
This summer a lot of superhero movies came out in theaters. They are my favorite type of movie and I saw every one of them. I saw over eleven movies within four months. When I did the math I discovered I spent over five hundred dollars. That's too much to spend at the movies so I stopped going.
Sue's father passed away. He had cancer for quite some time. He had been very sick lately. Even though he had been sick, it was still unexpected. She was very upset at the funeral.
Tracie went swimming in the ocean. While swimming her side started to hurt. She realized she was having a cramp. She realized she had eaten not long before. Luckily, she made it back to shore safely.
Clyde took a vacation to Hawaii. He stayed in a hotel near a large volcano. On the third day of his trip the volcano erupted. Clyde watched the lava flow down the mountain towards his hotel. They evacuated everybody and Clyde was safe with a good story to tell.
When I was ten years old I went into the woods. I found a snake. I was so excited by what I found. So, I decided to bring the snake inside to show my mom. My mom was not as thrilled as I was when I showed her.
Lori wanted a new tattoo. She decided to go get one. When she sat in the chair, she quivered. She was afraid they would mess up. Indeed they did.
Isla was not doing well. She had a genetic disorder. Her doctors treated her as best as they could. Isla was not improving but also not getting worse. It was the best they could hope for.
Cindy was being noisy in her apartment. She and her boyfriend would yell far too much. It got to the point where her neighbor's complained. Finally Cindy moved. She got a place with soundproof walls.
When the plane landed, the worker escorted everyone out. I received my luggage and walked inside the airport. The front desk worked ordered a taxi for me. The driver took me to my hotel. I unpacked everything and went to bed.
Amber was excited for her upcoming high school prom However she did not have a boy to go with, she was sad She knew a boy named Robert who also had nobody to go with She was shy, but approached Robert anyway about going Robert said yes, and they had a merry time
Sam always let his dog out on the yard. One day it ran into the street. It got hit by a car. It was hurt but got better. Sam was more vigilant from there on out.
I have a crush on a girl at my school. I decided to pick a flower to test if she likes me back. I realized that there is a trivial mathematical relation at play. By selecting a flower with an odd number of petals, I won easily. Unfortunately the girl in question was unfazed and still rejected me.
John went to the supermarket to buy an apple. He picked up a granny smith apple. A worm slowly crawled out of the apple. He threw the apple on the ground. He ran as he got scared of the worm.
Tom went to the casino for the first time. He was afraid of spending too much money. He gave himself a specific budget. When Tom ran out of money he stopped gambling. Tom was able to have fun and not spend too much.
Susie went to buy a burrito. She was excited for it. When she got it it was delicious. She loved eating it. Susie went and got another one.
Tom was a bull rider by trade. He would wake up early every morning wanting to ride. He would try to get on a bull as soon as he could. He would ride until the sun went down. Every night he couldn't wait for the next day to ride once again.
On Christmas morning, Ben's stocking was full of gold coins. Santa rewarded his good behavior with cold hard cash! A few days later he went to the candy store with some of his coins. When he went to pay the worker burst out laughing. The coins he had were chocolate covered in gold foil.
I was supposed to hang out with my family today. However, my friend came over and needed company. After she left, my cousin called asking for help in math. When I went to visit my aunt, no one was home. We promised to hang out, but she had to go to work.
Jill was a great swimmer as a little kid. Freshman year, she became one of the fastest swimmers on her team. By the time she was a sophomore, she was the fastest in her state. Jill was recruited to a national team and trained very hard. The next year, Jill swam in the Olympics and won a silver medal.
Was spending thanksgiving with my parents. The food and everything else was great However, what made it special was my grandparents visited. We didn't expect this at all. We all shared stories and had a great time.
Greg was playing football. He was tackled to the ground. He felt a sharp pain in his leg. He looked down to inspect it. He saw that it was injured.
Ricard thought space was cool. One day he wanted to be an astronaut. But for now he was just a kid. He begged for a space ship for Christmas. On that morning he unwrapped one.
Jeff bought expensive, new headphones. But he was struggling to open its package. He used scissors to cut open the edge of the plastic box. But when he opened it, he noticed that he cut the headphone's cord. Jeff lied to customer service and said it was packaged incorrectly.
Robby's friend had told him that Santa Claus wasn't real. Horrified, Robby asked his mom. She told him she could prove that Santa Claus was real! Late Christmas Eve, she quietly woke him and brought him downstairs. There, in the parlor, he saw Santa Claus leaving his presents!
I was late for work today. I had to rush to get ready. I drove really fast on the highway to save some time. I got pulled over. I got a hundred dollar speeding ticket.
Liam loved going to the beach. Palm trees were his favorite. He loved to sit under one and stare at the ocean. The way the leaves blew in the breeze was so relaxing! Nothing was more peaceful than a day under a palm tree.
Kate needed to air out the musty basement. She went outside to shovel the snow away from the windows. She opened the windows in the basement to let in the fresh air. Her mother came to find out where the cold air was coming from. Kate had to close the windows and deal with the musty basement smell.
It was Stacey's birthday. She invited all her friends over. All the sudden she was given earrings. They were hideous. But not to hurt feelings, she said she liked them.
Peter's two uncles had been fighting for most of his life. They argued easily and over practically anything. Peter was sick of it, as he loved spending time with both of them. He tried many times to broker peace, but each truce was temporary. Peter gave up, and sadly decided to simply see his uncles separately.
Beth and Hake were expecting their first child. Jake decided to come to the appointment for the ultrasound. The day of the ultrasound Jake had to stay at work. Beth was said he couldn't come with. Jake was happy to see the print out of the image at home that night.
Amy decided to ride the London Eye while in London. She wasn't sure how long it would take but figured it would be short. After boarding she realized she needed to use the restroom. The fact she had to wait made it feel more urgent. Amy was so distracted she missed the London City views.
I went to eat Chinese food yesterday. It tasted very badly. I thought it was frozen food. My friend did not like it either. So we never went back.
Jane was tired. She put on her pajamas. She brushed her teeth. She climbed into bed. Before falling asleep she set her alarm clock for the morning.
My store just had its annual inventory. An outside firm is hired to come in and count everything. Our results were much worse than last year. My department is the only one that improved over last year's results. Several managers have been demoted and we lost our next bonus.
Tim always wanted to build a house. He saved up money to buy a good plot of land. He designed the layout himself. It wasn't until he met an architect that he realized why he couldn't. Instead he payed someone else to do a better job.
Tom had a friend stay over. He was only supposed to stay for a night or two. After the third night Tom felt annoyed. He asked his friend when he was leaving. The friend apologized for the inconvenience and left.
Gina stood in line at her teacher desk waiting to speak to her. She hoped if she asked first she would get a new desk. She was as polite as she could be as she asked. But there weren't enough new desks for the whole class. So Gina was not able to get a new desk after all.
Jim's wife loved him very much, but he was a playboy. He eventually ran off and married a younger woman. Years later, he got sick with cancer and couldn't work. The young woman left him, saying she couldn't handle it. As he lay dying, it was his first wife who visited and cared for him.
Jason wanted a new phone. He went to work for it. He put in lots of long hours. He wrote stories for a website. A week later he bought his phone with the money he made.
He sent me a message when I joined Facebook. He asked if I was single or married. Knowing I was taken, he still asked to meet me. He even wanted to come to my house. I quickly refused his advances,
Devin had a great idea for a iPhone app. Devin didn't understand how to code. He found an app developer online. They worked together to build his app. Devin's app is now live in the App Store!
I went to get a coffee from the coffee shop the other day. I had spare time, so I decided to drink it there. While I was drinking it, I saw a very pretty girl in the coffee shop. I went up to ask for her phone number. She gave it to me and we talked for a long time!
Olivia had taken her friends to a very scary maze for Halloween. She was having a good time until she lost said friends. Now she was lost alone in the maze and couldn't get out. As time passed she panic and began yelling. Luckily her friends helped find her quickly.
Jen was obsessed with her ex-husband. She would follow him around town. Sometimes she would peek through his windows. Jen knew she should get a grip, but she just couldn't. She was determined to win her ex back.
Tom was driving through the city. Tom was a very careful driver. Tom saw an open manhole for a sewer. Tom barely missed it. Tom made a quick swerve to adeptly miss the dangerous hole.
Mary noticed that her little boy was looking sad. When she asked him he wouldn't tell her the problem. Mary decided to set up a playdate for him. She called her friend Sue who has a child of the same age. Mary brought her little boy to play with Sue's kid.
Joan had to do a science project for school. She decided to study the effects of the sun on an egg on the sidewalk. She waited outside all day. By the end of the day, the egg was cooked, but inedible. Joan concluded that cooking eggs on the sidewalk is ill-advised.
I was nervous to start my new job. I dressed my best and worried over my appearance. When I arrived, I was surprised. Everyone except me was dressed casually. I only felt out of place for a day.
Nathan had to mail a package to his grandfather. He went to the post office to drop off the package. There was a very long line. Nathan ended up spending the whole day there. He felt angry because he had wasted so much time in line.
Larry loves london. He decides to buy a ticket to go. He visits his favorite city. He spends two weeks in london. Larry loved his visit to london.
Frank was the oldest child in a family of six. When he was an adult, his mom said she had a secret to tell him. Frank's mom said she had given up a baby for adoption. Frank wasn't the oldest child after all! Two weeks later, Frank met the big sister he never knew he had.
Polly was worried when her house cat escaped into the yard. Her mom assured her she would come back. A few hours later she reappeared with something in her mouth. She had bought the family a mouse as a gift. She dropped it at Polly's feet, looking proud.
Everyday, Sandy would watch Sesame Street with her daughter. One day, the show did not appear on the regular station. Sandy contacted her cable company to find out why. Sandy felt bad for contacting the company about the show. Sandy realized it was Saturday, and the show plays on weekdays only.
A new pizza place opened up. I decided to try it. It was great. I got to customize my pizza. I decided to go back the next day.
The ringing started in his left ear. He thought it was tinnitus. His vision started to recede. He realized he was going to pass out. His wife called for an ambulance.
Susan was afraid to drive because she had never done it before. She asked a friend to give her lessons. Susan's friend drove her all over town the next day. Susan felt more comfortable after the lesson. Susan decided to go take the test to get her driver's license.
My first day of 4th Grade, I noticed a pretty girl in my class. I had never thought a girl was pretty before. I introduced myself and she said her name was Alicia. I asked her to be my girlfriend right on the spot. She said no and we never talked again.
Gina was at home when the rain started. It didn't stop for 10 days as she watched the river rise. Eventually water started seeping under the door. Right when it was about to take the house it subsided. Gina was safe, and so was her house.
Sally wanted new heels. She knew they were not in her budget. She decided to buy them anyway. She regretted her decision. She had to save the rest of the month.
Josh found an old letter in his closet. He read it and realized it was from his grandfather. Josh went to his grandmother and gave the letter to her. She cried as it was the last words her husband ever wrote to her. Josh was sad but happy to give his grandmother some relief.
When Fred and Kelly started dating, they were never alone. Kelly always had to spend time with his friends. She liked his friends but she wanted to take long walks with Fred. Finally she brought this up to him even though she was nervous. He agreed that they should spend more time together as a couple.
Tom's favorite month was February. His birthday was in February. Tom thought that nothing would ever change that. Then he had to renew his car tag every February for eighty dollars. February was no longer his favorite month.
James needed a new keyboard for his computer. He went to an electronics store and looked for a nice keyboard to buy. There was a great keyboard on sale that he picked up. James checked out the new product at the cashier. When he got home, James plugged in the new keyboard!
Lois was often bullied at his elementary school. His mom was very concerned about the emotional and academic impact. After much consideration, she decided to withdraw him to homeschool. The transition was difficult, but they persevered through. Now Lois is learning well and much happier.
Carlos was at a baseball game with his glove ready to catch a ball. But no balls were coming to Carlos. Carlos was beginning to think that he wasn't going to get a ball. But then Carlos saw his favorite player hit the ball hard. It was coming towards Carlos, Carlos put his glove up and caught it.
Kelly brought home a new turtle. She couldn't wait to play with it. When she took it out of the cage she had it play. Kelly had lots of fun. She couldn't wait to buy another one.
Maria saw an elderly man with a cane struggling with a bag of garbage. He was walking it to the apartment complex's garbage dumpster. It was about a quarter mile up the road. Maria hated the idea of a bag of trash in her car, but she felt moved. She drove his trash to the dumpster for him.
I asked Cindy to the big dance last night. I was so nervous before I asked her. Eventually I worked up the courage to ask her, and she said yes! She was really excited that I asked her. She said she is excited to dance with me tonight!
Kevin took his kids to ride go karts. They all raced around the track many times. It was great fun! The kids decided they would like to race another time. It was their new favorite hobby!
Ralph looked at his family with tears in his eyes. In two weeks, he would be evicted from his apartment. In desperation, Ralph set up a Go Fund me Account. To his surprise, donations poured in from all over. Ralph was able to keep his family in their home.
There was a swordsmith named Charles with no work. Charles was desperate so he began to look for help. Charles met a Hollywood man who was looking for props for a movie. The man wanted swords for his new fantasy movie and hired Charles. Charles felt happy and finally was able to make money making swords.
Isabella took all the ingredients from the fridge to bake a cake. She mixed them together. When it was time to add the baking powder, her face fell. She didn't have any. She had to drive all the way to the market to finally finish her cake.
Her rage was beginning to rise. She felt like her blood was boiling. She slammed down the phone. She stormed down the hall. She threw herself on the bed in angry tears.
Brooke needed to fill her car with gas. She pulled into the nearest gas station. All the pumps were covered up. Signs said that the pumps were all out of gas. Brooke found another gas station.
Melvin loved buying things online. The excitement of shopping met the convenience of his home. Melvin started buying more and more neat thing on the web. He went over his monthly budget for two months straight. Melvin ended up blocking his favorite online shops for a while.
Sammy Slamboni was a slighted man. Someone had stolen most of his fortune. In a bid to gain it all back, he hatched a plan. In the middle of carrying it out, he was caught by the police. It was then that Sammy realized the value of forgiveness.
Theo always wanted to be like his father. Theo's father was in the army. Theo had plans of enlisting. He was able to sign up without hassle. He is in the army now just like his father.
The police got a warrant. They searched the home. They did not find the items in the warrant. They did see other illegal items. They requested another warrant for those items.
Cal left his grocery cart in the parking lot. He got into the car. Another car pulled into the parking lot. Cal felt guilty. He moved the cart out of the way so the car could park.
Max was working on a speech for the upcoming school elections. He was running for school Treasurer, but was very nervous about it. He practiced his speech everyday. When election day came, Max gave the speech perfectly! Much to his excitement, he was elected Treasurer.
Chuck was hired by the Lewis's to clean their pool. Muffin, the family dog, was yipping at his feet as he worked. All of a sudden it lunged forward and fell into the pool. Chuck thought all dogs could swim, but this one couldn't. He jumped in, saving it as Mrs Lewis came outside to check on Muffin.
Jimmy's parents sent him to summer camp for a week last summer. When Jimmy first got to camp he didn't know anyone, and he was scared. As the week went on he made friends and started to have fun. At the end of the week Jimmy was sad to go home. He couldn't wait for camp next summer.
Jessica wanted to buy a puppy. She went to the pet store to pick one out. She spotted a cute wiener dog on display. She purchased the puppy at the front of the counter. She brought it home and named him Hank.
Jan needed to use the restroom. The restroom was under maintenance. Jan asked when the restrooms would be available. The janitor told her there was another in the lower floor. Jan thanked the janitor and hurried down.
Tim's father baked a cake for Tim's birthday. Tim brought the cake to school. And he told his teacher that it was his birthday. At lunch, students were allowed to line up to eat the cake. After school, Tim found the cake in a trash can.
Susie had been feeling rather stressed from her job. So she decided to go to meditation class. She needed to clear her mind. She was not sure it would end up working. But after the first class she felt great.
Kate loved her new suede boots. But she couldn't wear them on wet days. She told a friend this made her sad. Her friend suggested she buy a suede protector and treat the boots. Kate was so happy she hugged her friend.
Marko loved Valentine's Day. He always had so many secret admirers. All of them would bring him so much chocolate. By noon he had eaten six bags of pink and white M&M's. And at noon he had six bags worth of pink and white throw up.
Sheila was determined to have the wedding of her dreams. She didn't have a lot of money but was willing to work hard. Sheila saved up her money and looked for sales. When her wedding day came she had everything she wanted. All of her guest were very impressed with wedding.
Kilo was an expert builder of battle robots and their weapons. He was the top three fighter in the robot battle leagues. He was due to compete for the spot of number one this week. He build a special robot just in time for the competition. He placed first and took the award home thanks to his genius robots.
John was at work. Suddenly it got dark outside. He looked out the window. There was some very dark rain clouds. It started to rain very hard.
Brian studied hard for his chemistry test. He spent all night doing practice problems and memorizing facts. At the day of the test he was very worried. Once the started the test he blanked out and forgot everything. Brian calmed himself down and began to do the best he could.
Today I had nine audits to finish at work. They were due today. I had all month to complete them but I got very busy. I spent all day working on the audits. Next time I will just work on them a little at a time.
Grace went to the library and checked out a book. When she got home, she found an old photo of a man in the book. She posted the photo on a forum online asking who it was. Grace learned the photo was of the author. Grace then realized that the book may have been owned by the author.
I felt like the world was crashing down around me. He was injured and I couldn't save him. I sat there in tears, watching him pass away. I called for help but none came. I didn't know how I would live without him.
My cat tried to swat the mailman through our mail slot. I heard the mailman yelling at the cat from upstairs. I ran downstairs to grab the cat. When I picked the cat up, he panicked and attacked me instead. I bought a mailbox that afternoon.
Jen is given an important letter from her boss to mail. When she gets home she realizes that she forgot to mail it. She knows that if her boss sees it on her desk she will be fired. She goes back to work and bribes the security guard to let her in. She grabs the letter and drops it off at the Post Office
I stood there staring at the volleyball in my hand. It was my turn to serve the ball over the net. The score was tied and I knew I needed to make this serve. Sweat was pouring down my face as I hit the volleyball with my hand. I screamed with delight as the volleyball went over the net!
Annie wanted to make a cake for her boyfriend's birthday. She found a recipe for a chocolate cake with buttercream icing. She worked on it all day. It turned out even better than she expected. She decorated it with chocolate hearts and colorful sprinkles.
Our dog, Brody, needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday. After calling the vet, we took him to get these vaccinations. Once we arrived, the people were very nice to us. It didn't take long at all for him to be seen and get his shots. These people were awesome and now our dog feels great!
Lee sold all his possessions. He used the money to travel the country with his dog. Lee felt the happiest he had ever been. He hugged his dog and told him he loved him. Lee and his dog froze to death on a particularly cold night.
Ruth had bought a bag of potatoes. She hadn't cooked in a week or so. She wasn't able to use the potatoes. Ruth was cooking and was going to use the potatoes. They had gone bad and were growing sprouts.
William wanted to listen to his favorite record. While opening the sleeve, he noticed it was scratched. A note was left from his brother, admitting that it was him. William was very upset, but was glad that his brother was honest. He accepted his brother's apology and decided to buy a new one.
I decided I wanted to build a garden last week. After some looking, I purchased the plants I intended to grow. It didn't take long to sort out my yard. Adding the fertilizer, I waited a few days for it to settle. A few months later, I had an amazing garden!
Dj went to wash the coffee carafe in the bathtub. He would do this so the grounds wouldn't go down the kitchen sink. As Dj bent down towards the tub his robe string fell in the toilet. Dj made a disgusted expression and jerked it out. He was thankful he'd recently cleaned his toilet!
My friend works at McDonald's. He gets paid next to nothing an hour. He works hard and has a varying schedule. They refuse to give him full time. He doesn't know what to do about the bills.
Lindsay needed a new look. She went to the salon and told the stylist what she wanted. When she spun around, she screamed. Her hair was all chopped off! She ran home and cried.
I was in Las Vegas for a business trip. My coworkers insisted on playing the slots after work. I decided to go play with them. I lost hundreds of dollars to the slot machine. I vowed to never gamble again!
Jane played for her school's softball team. She wanted to impress her coaches at the next game. So she practiced her swings and hits every moment she could. On the next big game day, she stepped up to the plate. Jane hit it out of the park on her first swing!
Sophie was getting into the bath tub one day. She slipped on the wet porcelain. Her chin was cut open badly. She had to get fifteen stitches! Sophie vowed to be more careful in the future.
Rae went fishing with her dad. They fished all day! They ended up catching a dozen fish. Rae brought them home and her mom cooked them. The family had a big, fresh dinner.
April was not feeling well when she woke up. She stayed home from school. Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her medicine to make her feel better. The medicine worked and she went back to school the next day.
There was a new boy in class. I went over to introduce myself to him. He was friendly and we struck up a conversation. We walked home together as he lived down the street from me. Now we are good friends and walk to school together every day.
Sally lives by a large lake full of fish. She always wanted to take up fishing. Sally's grandfather is an excellent fisherman. Sally asked her grandpa to teach her one afternoon. At the end of the day Sally finally caught a fish.
The kids were going to cook dinner on their own. They made their favorite pasta dish. They carefully stirred the sauce into the pasta. They put it in the oven to melt the cheese. They couldn't wait to eat!
We went to Six Flags Park in Chicopee in 2000. My wife and two kids had a great time. At night, a violent thunderstorm struck. We drove for an hour in the rain. The kids were afraid until the storm stopped.
Bobby didn't like to help pick up his toys. His mother walked into his room to save his clothes. She tripped over a toy car. Bobby's mother sprained her ankle. Bobby learned he needed to pick up his toys.
James had retired from his job. He was tired of sitting home doing nothing. James began doing woodwork as a hobby. People began to buy James' work. James was happy to feel like he was working again.
Cheryl plays open mic night every Friday. She enjoys singing for people. Tonight she's going to perform an original song. Cheryl is nervous before she goes on. The crowd loved her song.
Danny had bought a new baseball glove. He brought it to his ball game. Danny hadn't had time to break in the glove yet. Someone hit the ball to Danny. The ball popped out of Danny's glove.
Anna planted a rosebush on her lawn. That way, she thought, she'd always have fresh roses! But it didn't work out that way. The bush did well - until it flowered. The deer came and ate all Anna's roses!
Billy asked his mom who Superman was. Instead of telling Billy, she decided to show him. She brought Billy down to the basement where dad was working. She then asked the dad what Superman looks like. The dad flexed his muscles and Billy laughed and laughed!
John liked swimming. He didn't have a pool at home so he went to the public pool. The pool was thirty miles away so he packed lunch and some clothes. John arrived at the pool as they were shutting the gates. He asked the worker if he could swim for ten minutes, he agreed.
Tim always made good grades. One day he forgot to study. His teacher gave a pop quiz. Tim made a zero on the quiz. He made his first bad grade.
Todd's favorite class was creative writing in high school. Yesterday, Todd went to class, but forgot his pen at home. The teacher gave him detention for not having his school supplies. During detention, Todd wrote a short story about his experience. His teacher helped Todd get his story published in a famous journal.
Lorraine's friends tease her that her youthful days are gone. One day at the beach she decides to prove them wrong. Lorraine does a terrific cartwheel in front of all of her friends. They're amazed at how limber she still is! Lorraine is please that she has proven them wrong.
Clarice loved jazz music. She had a favorite jazz club that she would go to on weekends. One night the jazz club caught on fire and burned down. The club owner did not have insurance to cover his loss. Clarice started a campaign to raise money to rebuild the club.
The bartender scooped ice into a glass and poured in alcohol. The patron sipped the drink and said it was too cold. The bartender took the drink back and removed some ice. The patron wanted for it to warm up before he tasted again. Upon the second taste, he approved of the drink.
Bill bought an antique store last week. He's working on getting it cleaned up to reopen. He really wants the oak counter top to get refinished. He has been sanding it down to remove scratches. Tomorrow, it will be ready to stain.
Jerald wanted to buy his own car. He found an affordable sedan he wanted. Jerald bought the sedan. The next day the sedan wouldn't start! Jerald got a mechanic to fix his car.
Susie was listening to her iPod. She loved it. All of the sudden she heard a great song. She wanted to play it a hundred times. She ended up doing so.
Wendy's brother loved to play tricks on her. So on his birthday, she put trick candles on his cake as payback. He made his wish and blew and blew and blew. But the candles wouldn't go out. Wendy doubled up with laughter as he continued to try to blow them out
Briana and Jamie were playing outside. They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike. They decided they would try to share. Briana sat on the seat, and then Jamie climbed onto the back. This way, they were able to ride their bike to the store.
Keith is on his way back from a business trip. Inside of his car the engine light turns red. The car stops and he breaks down on the side of the road. Needing help he calls his friend Justin. Justin arrives in his black car to help.
The little girl was wrapping up a present into paper. Next day she gave a wrapped box to her father. Dad opened a box. He found out the box was empty. The girl said it was full of her kisses.
Adam ordered a new phone online. He was pumped about getting the latest technology. He tracked the delivery and waited at home for the arrival. When the phone was delivered, he could not wait to rip into the box. However, when he opened the box the screen of the phone was shattered.
Sam showed off his new ladder to his friend Pete. Sam took out half the rungs so it would be faster to climb. Pete was incredulous so he tried out the ladder. Without the extra rungs, the ladder was too weak to hold Pete. Pete fell down and said that it was certainly faster for falling.
Miss Landry's kindergarten class was very excited. They were going to a puppet show at the library that afternoon. They rode a bus to get to the library. After they were all seated the show started. They all enjoyed it very much and clapped when it ended.
William was on a weekend trip. He to visit his grandparent's farm. They kept him busy with mostly farming chores. William grew to love life on the farm. He decided to buy his own farm.
Gina prepared a fish broth soup. Several family members came over for dinner. Gina prepared the dinner table and placed a few bowls there. Everyone took some of the soup and started to eat. No one couldn't finish the soup since fish skin was in there.
Melissa wanted to be a singer. She practiced very hard, but she just wasn't a very good singer. She decided to try painting instead, and she was really good at that! Melissa was happy she had discovered her true talent. She was glad she gave painting a try.
I had been driving for 5 Years. I had never been pulled over. As I was driving home from college, I saw blue lights. The officer pulled me over and gave me a ticket for speeding. I was so upset and tears did not even help me out.
Greg was making some pizza for his wife's birthday. All of the pizzas but her's were done and ready to serve. She preferred Hawaiian and he stuck that in the oven last. Unfortunately, he burned her pizza. Luckily, his wife insisted that she actually enjoyed it better burned.
When I was a child, I was in my grandma's yard trying to catch a bird. Grandma said you will never catch an adult bird. I devised a trap out of a box, a stick and a string. I put bread crumbs under it, pulled the string and caught a bird. I went in to show grandma I caught a bird.
Sam was the new kid in town. He joined a dance class to meet people. He loved dancing and his classmates saw that. Soon, he had lots of new friends. They looked forward to seeing each other each week.
Kate's mom had an issue with her computer. She had lots of pop ups on her screen. Kate tried to run virus software. But it still wouldn't work right. Kate broke down and bought her mom a new computer.
Jeff grabbed a couple of items from the supermarket. He went to the cashier. She scanned the items and told him how much he owed. He realized that he forgot his wallet. He took off his watch and offered to trade it for the groceries.
I ended up pulling out the carpet cleaner. I tried to find the instructions but I must have thrown them away. I looked up the directions online. I tried using dish soap instead of commercial cleaner. It cleaned the carpets quite nicely.
Jake wanted to buy a new car. He knew his credit score wasn't that good. He decided to look it up. It was worse than he thought. He had to wait over a year to buy a decent car.
My friend Austin loves to go out with his friends. Friday night Austin went out to the big city to hang out with them. When he got to the city he could not find a place to park. After driving around for hours, he finally found a place to park. Austin was excited to finally be able to go out with his buddies.
A police showed up at the house. Although I was nervous, I opened the door. The police asked me about the crime that occurred in the house. Since no crime occurred, I was confused. Eventually, my brother confessed to calling them by accident.
Tom went for a walk to clear his head. He had a bad argument with his wife. He walked along the sidewalk wondering what would happen. He realized he couldn't live without her. He went back home and apologized.
The trash can in Sally's house was full. Sally nagged her husband to take it out. Sally's husband was having back pain. He refused to take out the trash. Sally took out the trash herself.
I was studying for a final last Thursday. As I began to flip the pages through my notes, my eyes closed. I ended up falling asleep for several hours. As a result, my performance on the test was poor. Luckily the teacher told us that we can retake the exam.
I was very excited to go downtown to do some shopping. I woke up in the morning and got all dressed up. I looked out the window and saw it was raining very heavily. I became very sad. So I stayed home by myself all day instead.
Lisa has a dog who is a small chihuahua named Daisy. Daisy loved going on long walks. Lisa took Daisy for a walk along the beach. While walking Daisy broke free from her leash. Lisa searched for Daisy all night but could not find her.
Evan was at a restaurant. And he noticed tiny blood spots inside meat he was eating. But he was afraid to speak up. He reluctantly ate his meal. But a few hours later, his stomach was in pain.
I woke up early to watch cartoons yesterday. However, when I walked into the great room, my sister was watching TV. I asked her if I could watch something, but she said no. I was so mad that I threw the remote at her. I got in trouble and now I am not allowed to watch cartoons anymore.
Today was Christmas and my friend from out of town came over. Since we haven't seen each other in a year, I was happy. We spent some time to rekindle our childhood memories. While she wasn't looking, I held a mistletoe on top of her. She allowed me to give her a small kiss.
The club had a new home. They had built a fancy new clubhouse. They threw a big party when the clubhouse was open. Everyone had a great time. The club was excited to hold more events there in the future.
Jenna and Brian wanted to have a baby. They went to the doctor for help. One day the doctor called and said they were finally having a baby! They waited and waited while the baby grew in Jenna's belly. Then one day they hurried to the hospital where their baby was born!
Tim was no ordinary boy, by the age of ten he was in high school. His parents were proud of his rapid learning and encouraged him. He did even better in high school, advancing to college. By the time he was done with college he was only 16. He went on to do many great thing and all under the age of 20.
Tom was at the club. A girl asked him to dance. Tom tried to say no but she insisted. Tom did a terrible job and stepped on her toes. The girl sat back down.
The man wrote a word down backwards. He gave the word to his son. He called it a secret message. The son held it up to the mirror. He deciphered the secret message.
Gertrude isn't 21 yet, but she has a fake ID. She and her friends go out one Thursday night to see a concert. Gertrude drinks way too much of the cheap vodka they brought. She spends all night throwing up. The next morning she vows to never drink again.
The family took a vacation. Usually they go to their mountain home. This time they decided to go to an amusement park. They rode every ride. They all had a blast.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night. He heard a noise coming from downstairs. Tom called 911. Tom waited in his bedroom until police arrived. It turned out that there was in fact a burglar in the house!
Greg went to the local mall. He found a store that sold comic books. He grabbed as many as he could carry. Struggling to hold them all, he walked up to the register. It was only then that he remembered he left his money at home.
Lauren was taking photos of her son outside. It was his first birthday and she wanted some nice pictures. Suddenly, the camera shut off. When she turned it on, she got an error message and it wouldn't work. She tried her best to fix it but it appeared to be permanently broken.
Anna woke up happy on Valentine's Day. Then her face fell. Her husband had not said anything about it. She went downstairs dejectedly. But there on the table was a huge bouquet of roses!
Johnny slept well the night before. Upon awaking he yawned. He looked in the mirror. He saw something in his eye. He washed his face to clean his eyes.
George bought a slinky at a thrift store. He took it home and opened it. He played with the slinky. His dog noticed and ran away quickly. George laughed as he continued to play with it.
Tracy was up until dawn studying for a test. He finally fell asleep. When he finally woke up he was late for the bus. He put his clothes on and ran for the door. When he steps outside the bus goes by and he misses the bus.
Andrea went to the grocery store with her young kids. While she was shopping, her kids started running up down the aisle. She yelled at them to stop but they didn't listen. Suddenly her children ran into an elderly lady. The elderly lady yelled at Andrea to control her kids better.
Sybil walked cautiously at night. She took a secret way home. Her friend learned about the rout. Sybil found a note on her route. It was a letter from her friend!
Billy wanted to meet his friends out for a trip to the bar. He called them all up individually. Once he spoke to them, he began to get ready. It didn't take long to get ready. Once he was read, he left for the bar.
Mikayla and her family were going to Epcot Center for the day. Her brothers and sisters all wanted to visit the giant globe. Mikayla didn't care to see what was inside it at all. She was there to visit every country exhibit she could in one day. By the end of the day Mikayla considered herself a world traveler.
I left work grumpy because it was a long day. As I walked home I tripped on the sidewalk. I fell on the icy sidewalk and broke my wrist. I laid on the cold ground waiting for help. A nice lady helped me up and called an ambulance.
The opposing team scored a three pointer at the last minute. Their team won the championship. Bill congratulated the players. He also went into the locker room to cry. He didn't tell anyone until the next day.
Jane borrowed her boyfriend's car to go to work. Her boyfriend didn't know about it. He called her to ask what was going on. She told him she left a note but he didn't find it. They were able to figure things out fairly easily, though.
Judy's boyfriend was taking her on a hike. She was enjoying it at first but the hike was very long. Soon she was feeling way tired and worn out. She debated giving up but pushed herself through it. She was glad she did because at the end was a beautiful view.
Francis loved his puppy, and they played together every day. Francis decided he wanted to teach his puppy some new tricks. Francis used dog treats to encourage his puppy to sit and fetch. The dog learned these tricks very quickly, and Francis wanted more. The dog then learned so many tricks that he could now amaze anyone.
After a night of snowing my yard was filled with snow. I took a picture of the yard. I admire the snow and how great it looks. I took the first step on the lawn. My footprint was the first on the lawn.
My wife had two dolls she wanted to get rid of. She asked me to post them on eBay. I took photos and listed the dolls. It took only a few minutes. We are hoping they sell.
James was an awful teenager. He stole everything he could. He spent a lot of time in juvenile detention. They he grew up and joined the Navy. He straighten up and now has a good job and family.
The man cut his fingernails. He left the clippings on the table. His wife found him when he was at work. His wife called him on the phone. His wife yelled at him over the phone.
Boss Harmon ran a smuggling operation out of Fargo. One day, a larger operation from Nebraska decided to buy him out. Boss refused, and declared war on the Nebraska cartel. Shooting broke out on the street. Boss had his ear shot off, but he kept his cartel intact.
Jake loved swimming but hated crowds. He would always try to go to the pool at odd hours. He would go really early or late. Jake would swim back and forth tirelessly. Eventually he joined his high-school swim team.
I was at a bar with some friends to celebrate. We all clinked glasses and said cheers to each other. A strange man held up his glass and said cheers. I did not know who he was but I obliged him. The strange man gave me a wink and turned away.
Angela was a single mother to two young boys. She did it alone for many years. One day her son's father asked her to marry him. She agreed and decided to move in with him. Angela and her boys moved into the large house and we're happy.
Larry loved margaritas at his local bar, but they were expensive. One day a friend recommended Larry try making margaritas at home. He bought limes, tequila, and orange liqueur to make margaritas. Larry found that his homemade margaritas were delicious. Now Larry loves having margaritas at home instead of the bar.
Amy and her friend Beth went to the park on a summer afternoon. It was a park they had never been to. They were happy to see the park had a water park. They hadn't brought suits since they hadn't planned on swimming. They had no suits, so they weren't able to enter the water park.
Amy had given her number to a guy who hadn't called. It was Monday and she didn't want to go to school. She couldn't bare the thought of facing him in class. She begged her mom to stay home, but she refused. Amy sulked all the way to school.
John and Susan visited the Pacific Ocean for the first time in years. It was beautiful to see the waves crashing on the beach. They took off their shoes and waded into the surf. It was so much colder than it looked like it would have been! They replaced their shoes, got in the car, and drove back home.
Jeremy wants to join a singing group. He practiced really hard on his vocals all summer. He went to several auditions before he landed a gig with one. The only problem is the singing group only wants a drummer. Jeremy now has to spend most of this fall learning to play the drums.
Rob was the pitcher of the baseball game. This was his second time to start. As he warmed up, he got nervous. He did not want to let his team down. When the game started, he began to strike out and won the game.
Al wants to be president. Al makes a run for the presidency. He puts up a great campaign. Election time comes and he doesn't get enough votes. Al loses the race.
Amy made a friendship bracelet for her best friend. She used colored embroidery thread. After knotting it together, she added some beads. Then she put a shiny red clasp on the bracelet. Amy couldn't wait to give it to her best friend!
Rhoda lost her job. She had to go on unemployment. She was so ashamed. She hurried to scan the want ads every week. Soon she was working again!
One night someone broke into Pete's truck. They stole the tools that Pete used at work. Pete did not have insurance for the tools. His friends and family donated tools for Pete to use at work. Because of their generosity, Pete could continue to work.
Harrison is getting sick of his house. He decides he needs to move to a new area. He learns that his job is transferring to another city. Harrison excitedly looks for a home in the new city. He bought his dream house in a great area and is happier than ever.
Joe turned twenty-one. His friends took him out to celebrate. They went to a bar and ordered Joe a beer. Joe sipped it and wrinkled his face in disgust. His friends laughed at his reaction.
Gina carried her shopping basket on her arm. She had added three gallons of water to the basket. It was far too heavy for one arm. She realized she would need to use both hands. She put her phone away, and focused on the basket.
Jim hated rock music. His girlfriend only listened to rock music. His girlfriend always liked playing music at a loud volume. Jim decided to get his girlfriend some headphones. Both Jim and his girlfriend were happy with the outcome.
I really wanted to win the lottery. The jackpot was up to 50 million. I bought ten tickets with a friend. We did not win. Fortunately we had fun being excited together.
Jodie wanted an elephant for her birthday. She carefully measured the bathroom and backyard. She showed her parents the measurements. She showed them the bucket she would fill with water and food. Her parents gave Jodie a stuffed elephant for her birthday.
My 98 year old friend visited me today. I went up to his apartment as he lunched. His daughter called while he was eating. He started coughing heavily, causing his daughter to be concerned. He eventually stopped coughing, and she was relieved.
Mark was used to stopping at the bar and drinking beer after work. He had done this for years without any trouble. Mark was surprised one day when a cop stopped him while driving home. Mark had to deal with a charge of driving while intoxicated. Now, Mark still goes to the bar after work, but he only drinks soda.
Yesterday we went to Tanglewood. I am disabled and do not walk well. The staff had a person wheel me right to the chair. After the concert the same person wheeled me right to our ride. I sent the BSO a letter praising them for their service.
James was doing a good job making money. He was doing so well that he came under suspicion! James money got investigated very thoroughly. One day James money got taken away. Turns out James made a mistake with his taxes!
Lucy was crying. She could not find her toy. She looked everywhere for it. Her mother came over to comfort her. Lucy immediately felt better.
Gary dressed up as a princess for Halloween. His male friends thought it was an absolute riot. His female friends thought it was very demeaning. Gary laughed in their faces because he is an Alpha male. Gary only has male friends now.
A church near Gina's home had been demolished. The remains were strewn around the lot. They stayed that way overnight. The next morning the workers cleaned up the lot. A week later it was as if nothing had ever been there.
I was running my sink one day and heard a dripping. I rushed downstairs to see that one of my pipes was leaking. I called the plumber, who couldn't come out until the next day. I made sure not to use the sink until he came to my house. After he was done, I paid the bill and thanked him for fixing my pipe.
Kyle climbed the tallest tree in his backyard. He liked to sit quietly in the tree and think. One day he slipped and fell out of the tree. His mother forbade him from climbing any more trees. Now Kyle climbs onto his rooftop to think quietly.
Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach. She took her metal detector and set out along the shore. When it beeped, she halted and began to dig. She found a metal object buried deep in the sand. Brushing it off, Anna saw that it was a valuable diamond ring!
I told her no. I was afraid of getting in trouble. And it was bad for her health. My friend was underage. She wanted me to buy her cigarettes.
I found a job offering online and decided to submit an application. I spent nearly an hour filling out my application. After it was all completed I submitted the application. I went back and noticed that they were not hiring in my area. I was very upset that I spent all that time for nothing.
Deborah was trying to watch a movie with her daughters. Halfway through the movie began to skip and freeze. She checked on the disc and saw that it was completely scratched. She tried to wipe it up and try it again but it wouldn't work. Instead Deborah let the girls finish the movie online.
Larry was on his way to his wedding. He was running late as it was. On the way there he got stuck in a huge traffic jam. Larry called his fiancee to let her know what happened. His fiance was frustrated but understanding.
Lilly got married four times. She was never happy for long. She was always getting divorced. Finally she decided to stay single. She has been happy ever since!
Todd was really struggling. Math was too hard for him! He studied every night. Eventually, his grades improved. Todd was really proud of himself!
One time I was goofing around in class. The teach caught me and got very mad. She made me stay after and write out an apology note to the class. It took me forever to do it and I missed recess. I'll never goof around in class again.
Sandy always wanted a turtle. She walked down her dirt road one day and stumbled upon one. She was very excited. She brought the turtle home and hid it. Her mother found it, and allowed her to keep it as a pet!
Tom went out drinking with friends. They picked a small local dive bar. Tom felt uncomfortable there. Some of the regulars talked bad things about him. Tom went home early.
Dan the candy man was loved by the children. He would go around in his van selling candy. Dan would often give candy to the homeless. One day Dan wasn't coming through his on his normal shift. The kids found out that Dan had a heart attack and passed away.
Taylor was proud of his well kept lawn. He had long ago drilled a well just to water it. The city worker looked upon the green lawn filled with frustration. All of the other lawns were brown and dreary. The drought stricken neighbors looked at Taylor with contempt.
My in laws are having trouble. Maria was evicted and moved in with her mom. Maria's sister Rosa owns the building. Rosa's husband thinks Maria is too noisy and wants her out. Nobody is talking to each other.
Tom was drunk at a carnival. He saw a hat he really wanted. Tom bought it on the spot. After Tom sobered up and returned home he saw it again. It was a lot uglier than he remembered.
Emily had a favorite armchair. She sat on it every single day. One day it stopped working. She tried to get it repaired but it would cost a lot. Eventually, Emily just straight out bought a new armchair.
Jane did not know which gift to get for her best friend. She had in her hand a curling iron and a electric toothbrush. Tess had always like gadgets, Jane remembered. Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register. Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend.
Kim was walking down the street one night. A cat made eye contact. Kim was afraid of cats. When the cat walked towards her she began to run. She was horrified to find the cat was running right behind her.
I'm an avid coffee drinker and I always have been. I've tried coffee from all over including different countries. Sometimes I make it at home and sometimes I go out to get it. For some reason the gas station by my house has the best coffee. It's my place of choice when I'm out getting coffee.
Randal wanted to buy a new bike. His old bike was completely worn down. He decided to visit his local sports and outdoors store. He left spending three hundred dollars on his bike. Randall loves his new bike.
Theo loved cherries, but her mom could rarely afford them. All winter, Theo begged for cherries, but she rarely got them. Then in the spring, an amazing thing happened. The tree in Theo's yard produced hundreds of cherries! Theo was able to eat cherries all summer long!
Harold thought he was cool. He walked into a building. He didn't take his sunglasses off. All the students got jealous. Harold started a new craze.
Ted was driving his car and got into an accident. He injured his forehead. The ambulance took him to the hospital. He wasn't sure when they would let him go home. After three days they said he was fine and let him go.
I went to Bestbuy and started looking for phones. I didn't know what phone I wanted. All the phones look great. However, the Best Buy employee recommended the iPhone. So I've purchased an iPhone based on the employee.
Darren was a private investigator. He was hired to investigate his client's wife. He tracked the wife to a beat-down motel. The wife was just meeting his client's father to plan a party. Darren told his client that the wife was not acting suspiciously.
Tom enjoyed hunting. He decided he wanted to learn how to hunt with a bow. He hired a teacher. He practiced daily. He eventually killed an elk with a bow and arrow.
The man heard a song he liked. He started to sing along. He realized he knew all the words. His singing grew more confident. His wife clapped for him when it was done.
Tim was tired of how his apartment looked. He wanted to try something different. Tim spent all weekend redecorating. At the end he didn't like the new way. Tim returned it to how it used to be.
I was painting my garage and was almost finished. My phone rang and when I reached to get it I knocked over the paint. Red paint spread all across my white carpet. I tried to get up the paint before it set but it was too late. Now I have an odd shaped red paint stain in my new carpet.
Mary stepped out of the store after a Day of shopping. As she was walking a thief came and stole her bag. She was upset and decided to report it to the police. After a few days she received a call from the police. They found the thief and Mary got her bag back!
Abbey wanted to start a lemonade stand. She put a table outside. Then, she got a pitcher. In it, she made lemonade. For the rest of the day, she sold tons of cups.
I had a flat tire on my old car. I couldn't afford to buy a new tire. I needed to fill it up with air every time I drove it. Finally, I bought a tire patch kit for a few bucks. After that the tire worked perfectly.
Kelly loved straightening her hair. She loved how smooth she made it. Yet unfortunately it damaged her hair. Kelly had to get it cut off. She was upset about it.
Joe was in middle school. He had never made a bad grade before. One day he forgot to study. When he got to class, the teacher gave a pop quiz. Joe made his first bad grade.
Jacob recently got a new job that requires a lot of commuting. At this new job he makes a lot of money, but can't afford a car! He asked his parents if he could use theirs but they were busy. Jacob's roommate overheard the conversation and offered to help. Jacob is now committing to work with his roommate's car daily!
Raymond went to the liquor store to buy some vodka. When he arrived, the clerk informed him they were out of vodka. Raymond couldn't believe how stupid that sounded, and flipped out. Raymond started breaking bottles everywhere. The clerk called the cops, and Raymond went to jail.
Faith loved teddy bears. She had a huge collection of them. She decided to move them all into one room. She lined all the shelves with them. Faith invited her friends over to see the collection!
Charles was in the sixth grade. That morning his mother gave him a bad haircut. But his girlfriend, Melinda, still wanted him. On the bus going to camp, they kissed. The kids around cheered as Charles and Melinda's tongues twirled.
The river flowed through the city from far in the north. It was considered to be the border of the city. Crossing the river was seen as a threat to the city. The general waited with his army, deciding what to do. Caesar gathered his troops and crossed the Rubicon on his way to Rome.
Finley had problems with a belligerent co worker. He wasn't even sure how to handle the situation. He went to his boss and explained the situation. His boss called them both into the office and they hashed it out. After the meeting everything was much better for Finley.
I used to have trouble falling asleep. I did some research online to find a natural cure for insomnia. I discovered a whole community of people with the same issue. They recommended I use a fireplace video to help me sleep. The first night I tried it I slept like a baby!
A lady across the street was selling her dog. Hannah asked if she could get him and her mom said no. She sneaked into her purse and stole the money. She went across the street and bought him anyway. She named the dog Snickers because he was brown.
I joked with my husband that I wanted to buy a gun. I went online and found a pink rifle. It had a picture of hello kitty on it. He laughed and said that's typical of me. I told him I'd only buy a gun like that.
Jane was excited about her class trip. They were going to New York City. She had never been before. The class arrived by bus. The city was so much bigger than Jane had imagined.
Trisha's mom warned her not to spill anything on the hardwood floor. Trisha was careless and spilled some soda. She tried to mop it up but didn't do a very thorough job. The floor was stained from being wet for a long time. This weekend, Trisha will be taught how to spot finish a wood floor.
Patty was finally able to purchase a kitchen table. She had selected the one she wanted three weeks in advance. She even picked out the tablecloth she would use on it. When the table arrived at her home it was not the one she had ordered. There had been a major mix up at the warehouse.
John was hitting on a girl at the bar. He asked her for her number. She gave it to him. The next day john called to be disappointed. She gave him a wrong number.
Kelsey was planning on moving cross country in a few days. She was all packed up and ready to go, despite needing more boxes. Suddenly, UHaul was out of trucks, and she had no options. Her car also was broke down, and she was highly worried. She was so mad, she canceled the trip and unpacked.
Jake went on a fishing trip with his friends. He got sick on the trip. His friends had to return to land. Jake's girlfriend picked him up at the dock. Jake was upset his missed his trip.
Kevin was nervous to go on a date with Rita. He took extra time to get ready. Finally he went out the door. Luckily when he saw Rita, his nerves calmed. They ended up having a great time.
Sam went to the doctor for a check up. It was discovered that she had a medical condition. It was caught early and a simply surgery could solve the problem. Sam was nervous as the doctor prepared him for the surgery. Same woke up in the recovery room feeling happy it was over.
Wanda had always wanted to teach horseback riding. She applied for a job as a jockey. She got the job and was thrilled to teach students riding. She helped many students learn their hockey skills. Wanda was often credited as their favorite teacher ever!
Dan loved the Easter holiday. Dan decided he would give Easter baskets to the less fortunate. Dan enlisted the help of his children and local church. Dan loved to see the smiles on the kids faces from getting a basket. Dan decided he would give out Easter baskets to kids every Easter.
My senior year of high school I was in the Miss Indiana pageant. I prepared for a whole year. All the other girls were more experienced than me. I felt silly at the competition, especially during on stage question. I did not win the pageant but did win the talent portion.
When visiting Hawaii, my husband asked me to snorkel with a manta ray. I was a little scared, especially since the dive was at night! We were all stretched out in the water, holding onto the float. Our faces were in the water and bright lights were on. Suddenly, a huge and graceful manta swam within inches of my face!
Dan's mother recently gave him a special quilt. Dan instantly recognized the quilt. Dan was given his grandmother's quilt. Dan decided to place the quilt on his chair in his home office. Dan was honored to have his grandmother's quilt in his house.
Drew was ready for a night out with his family. They had tickets to the circus. The kids were so excited to go. They all loved the clowns and elephants. After it was over, they all clapped and cheered.
My mom wanted to go to a bar one day. She didn't want to go alone so she invited me as well. I didn't really have anything to do so I went with. I asked the bartender what was good and he gave me decent suggestions. I ended up getting a cheap drink and it was really good!
Tim has a math test. He has not studied. He decided to go out instead. When he got to school, he didn't know how to answer his problems. He did terrible on his test.
The girl had just started a new sport. She was excited to start playing basketball. She bought new shoes and shorts. She put her jersey on excitedly. She couldn't wait to play!
Kelsi and her friends decided to go to the beach yesterday. When they got there, the weather was beautiful. Yet unfortunately they got shocked by a storm. As it started to rain, they ran to the car. Luckily they were able to go to a movie instead.
Jeremy and jordan have an apartment together. They started hating each other. They stopped talking to each other. They decided to move out. Now they live separately.
It was a hot day, so the family drove to the water park. They applied their sunscreen and set off to enjoy the slides. After some time, they took a break in the lazy river. After hearing the wave signal, they got in the wave pool for a swim. At the end of the day, they showered and prepared to head home.
Susi loves wearing leggings. One day she wore her favorite leggings for school. The principal told her that leggings are inappropriate for school. She had to go home and change her pants. Now she never wears leggings for school again.
Gina had been joking with a man at a restaurant. Then she found out he was the manager. She worried the joking may have been too familiar. But she decided to remain friendly and hope for the best. He seemed to be receptive to he jokes, so she continued.
Mike drove down the left lane. A car approached him from behind. Mike got in the left lane to let the car pass. The driver in the car passed Mike. He waved at Mike as he passed.
Terry couldn't stop jumping around the house. Her father told her to stop but she didn't listen. She continued to jump until she knocked the TV down. It fell and a crack appeared in the front. When terry's father found out, he grounded her.
Andre got a new job at a bar. He didn't have a liquor license yet. Andre wasn't allowed to serve alcohol. Andre checked id's at the door and helped clean. Andre started working behind the bar when he got his liquor license.
John was in an accident. His car was totaled. The insurance offered to pay for a new car. John found one for the right price that he liked. John regretted the accident but liked his new ride.
Angie dreaded August. She always had to take her kids school supply shopping. They loaded up the cart with folders and crayons and pencils. The total was over $200. Angie was glad they had gotten it out of the way.
The hockey game was tied up. The blue team had the puck. They sprinted down the ice. They cracked a shot on goal! They scored it!
I saw a jazz festival in New Orleans during my visit. The music was beautiful. It was not traditional but it had a freestyle to it. I was mesmerized as musicians played hard songs effortlessly. I can't wait to go back to Louisiana to listen to their jazz.
Tina wanted to make some lollipops. She hit some dyes, sticks and candy syrup ready. When she mixed everything, she put sticks in them. She then laid it to cool. Afterwards she tasted it and it tasted good.
Dotty was alarmed to see the red circle on her chest. She was only a mild mannered banker. The man behind the laser sight had mistaken her for someone else. He fired a single shot where the laser had landed. Dotty's blood took the bank's janitor days to fully clean up.
Spot is a beagle and she loves to run. Spot's owners recently moved from the country to the city. Spot now has a yard instead of open fields to play in. She kept getting out of the yard because she wanted more room. When her owners installed an electric fence, Spot was finally content.
Margaret and Tim were siblings. Morgan had to watch them. Morgan did not like the job. But the toddlers told Morgan they loved here. So Morgan felt happy about her job.
Doug is cleaning his house. Doug wants everything perfect. He begins vacuuming the floor. He cleans the whole house. Doug is happy with is clean house.
Jodie loved to play badminton. She called her friends over one day to play. They all came over and began playing. The net was set up in the backyard. They had a blast that day playing badminton.
Carl woke up one morning and thought the world was blurry. He squinted a little but that didn't seem to solve the problem. Carl got up and went to the eye doctor. The doctor told him that he was far-sighted. He gave Carl a pair of glasses to wear and that fixed his problem.
It was finally time for moving day. The big yellow truck pulled into the driveway. We had all our boxes packed up. The movers got a call from their boss. They had to leave before we had even loaded a single box.
She wanted to make pumpkin everything. She walked through the store looking at the seasonal items. She found some donuts that were pumpkin flavored. She bought two boxes of them. The cashier laughed at all the pumpkin items in her cart.
Henry woke up late at night. He decided to take a small walk outside. A small plane flew across the sky. Henry had goosebumps since he thought that it was UFO. He ran back into his house immediately.
One of my closest friends growing up was a heroin addict. I cared about him deeply and was always there to help him. I suffered for him and with him for over a decade. The last time I heard from him was through his mom while he was in jail. I told her that I couldn't be there for him any longer, it was to hard.
Tina was looking for a new home. She got preapproved for a $500,000 home. She started looking in a very exclusive neighborhood. Soon, Tina decided on a home. Tina's new home had every feature she could dream of.
Melissa was pregnant with her third child. She decided not to find out the sex of her baby until it was born. Her friends and family made bets on whether it would be a boy or girl. Melissa hoped it would be a boy because she already had two girls. She was thrilled when she gave birth to a little baby boy.
A deli owner had his employees wear funny hats one day. A cowboy wearing a cowboy hat can into the store. One of the employees remarked that the cowboy had a funny hat. The cowboy was not amused and yelled at the employee. The cowboy threw his hat on the ground and left in a huff.
Melba went to spend the night at her friend Christine's house. The two girls got along well up until bedtime. Christine wanted to finish reading a book rather than visiting. Carrie wasn't much into reading and she got very bored. Christine loaned her a book and now Carrie is an avid reader too.
The neighbors next door were having a barbeque. They invited us over and asked us to bring an item. I decided to bring rolls. Everyone ate my rolls at the barbeque. Everyone got food poisoning from my rolls.
Greg was working with a realtor. He wanted to find a new house. He looked all over until he found just what he was looking for. It was an old brick home. Greg made an offer that day.
Tom was excited to enter the costume contest. He thought he could easily win. Then he noticed someone else with the same costume. It was even more detailed than Tom's. Tom did not win.
Jessica went to see her favorite band in concert. She waited in line so she could get a good seat. When she got to the front, the security told her to stop. She was the lucky winner of a backstage pass. Jessica was so excited to get to meet the band.
I was accepted into the gifted class in my elementary school. We did science projects and basically felt smarter than the others. One day I moved away to another city and school. That school didn't recognize the special class. They deemed me special needs and I had to work my way up.
Jerry was a college student. He did not have a lot of money since he was swarmed with school work. Jerry realized he needed to do something about this. He went to thrift shops and resold what he found online. Soon enough, Jerry was able to make the money he needed.
Jordan was watching a movie. Suddenly, she noticed a gigantic water bug on the floor. She put her cat in the room with it. The cat quickly hunted down the bug. It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again.
Lou was fixing dinner for his new girlfriend. He made his mother's special pasta sauce from scratch. He cooked the spaghetti and poured the sauce over it. When she took a bite an odd look passed over her face. Lou realized he had undercooked the pasta, leaving it crunchy.
Susan works hard at her job, but her coworkers don't like her. Susan has a showering problem. Her hygiene is very bad. Susan is repeatedly talked to about her hygiene. Susan loses her job.
I stopped by McDonald's on the way home yesterday. I ordered a burger without pickles. When I got home the burger had pickles on it. I had to drive back to get another one. They acted like I was being too sensitive.
Sam had a craving for his favorite strawberry ice cream. He decided to take a walk to the ice cream parlor to get some. When he got there, the strawberry flavor was gone. Sam reluctantly tried the cookies and cream flavor instead. Sam decided that cookies and cookies and cream was his new favorite!
Sara arrived to work at Macy's and put her coat in the back room. She wanted to go outside for break so she went to grab her coat. To her surprise her coat was gone. Sara informed management her coat was taken from her area. When her coat wasn't found they offered to replace it for her.
Gina's cousin and her sister were on the porch talking. Gina was in the house helping her grandma make dinner. At first she felt sad she didn't fit in with the other girls. She decided to focus on the cooking instead of them. After 45 minutes she had forgotten they were there.
John had just finished eating an entire bag of chips. He looked down at the empty bag in disgust. He knew he had to make better snacking choices. John started making a list of healthier choices. He wrote Shopping List at the top of the paper.
My gMail spam filter has been very aggressive. It has put emails from my work and my brother into spam. I had to create filters to stop this. Now I have to check my spam folder constantly and create new filters. GMail has become a super pain.
It was Amy's first day of junior high. She walked into the school and stared at her schedule. She consulted the map to find her class. On the way no one paid any attention to her. She was relieved since that meant she was fitting in.
Tim was struggling in math. He assumed that it's not his fault although his friends are passing. There was a test tomorrow and he wasn't prepared. He didn't seek help after school, from his friends nor the professor. Ultimately, he ended up failing the test and had to repeat the course.
Tim wanted his mom to have an extra key to his car. That way he could never lock his keys inside it accidentally. But the key maker said he couldn't make Tim a copy! Car keys, he said, could only be obtained through the car dealer. Tim realized it was going to be very expensive for a new key!
My mom bought a new hybrid. She says it's saving her lots of money. She rarely goes to the gas station. And filling up is super cheap. She's very happy about her purchase.
It snowed in the valley. The locals were not used to snow. They still went driving. They crashed into each other all day. The local repair shop was able to make a lot of extra money.
Jill and Bob have planned their first alone time in years. They sit down to a candlelight dinner. When they both notice an awful smell coming from the basement. When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded. They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement.
Bill was not feeling well. He was very tired. He decided to eat better foods. He also started exercising. Bill now felt very good.
Trish and Kenny were married for 9 years. Right before their 10 year anniversary they filed for divorce. Their divorce was amicable and they remained friends. They lived in an expensive state and couldn't afford to live separate. After their divorce they became roommates with their own bedrooms.
Boris needed money. He decided to rob a bank. He went into the bank to demand money from the vault. The teller pushed her silent alarm before giving him money. Boris is now spending time in jail.
Hannah dated her first serious boyfriend in high school. He was completely obsessed with her but she didn't feel the same. She met a new boy in one of her classes. He was interesting and succeeded in charming her. She left first boyfriend and he was crushed.
Both volleyball teams were fierce towards each other. The game went into it's 5th set point. Fernando from our team positioned himself. He served the ball with a strong hit. The shot turned into an ace since no one was able to return it.
Sam needed to get extra help for his psychology class. His teacher recommended that he go see a tutor. He went to the library and got paired with a tutor. The tutor explained all the concepts to him in a easy way. Sam was able to pass the class with flying colors with the extra help.
Daniel is out shopping with his father. They were looking for a new pair of shoes for him. They passed an animal store where he see's a puppy in the window. Daniel begs his dad to let them go in. Daniel convinces his dad to let him buy the dog.
Beverly needed to make money for the summer. She made a list of things she could do. She could babysit, have a lemonade stand, or wash cars. She did all of them on different days of the week during the spring. When summer came she had made a good bit of money.
Harry had a conference in another state. His company bought him a flight to get there. Unfortunately, his flight got delayed. He spent a whole day waiting at the airport. Fortunately, he was able to make the conference in time.
Sophie loved her work at the local library. She was surrounded by books all day. She created a book club for kids. She also read to them on weekends. And when she went back home, she always had a good book to read.
The man lit the torch. He scorched the surface of the beef. He told his guests that it was a seared recipe. His guests were impressed by its flavor. The guests asked for the recipe.
Kay wanted to hold a lemonade sale. She made a stand, but she wasn't sure how to make lemonade. She squeezed lemons and stirred in sugar. Then, hopefully, she opened the stand for business. Within one hour she had sold every drop of her tasty lemonade!
Allie just turned twelve. She really wanted an iphone. All her friends had one. So she begged her parents relentlessly. Finally they said yes and gave her one.
The Smith family decided to finally get a puppy. They went to the pound with the children to pick one out. There were two little brown puppies playing together. The workers told them they were best friends. So instead of one puppy, they took home two.
John had a drinking problem. But John made a decision to quit drinking. So John went to AA meetings. He completed the twelve step program. John was now sober for a year.
Anne wanted a career change. She decided to drive a semi truck. SHe was gone for a whole month. She decided the job was not for her. She quit that day.
Mindy tried surfing one day It took her several tries to stay on. Mindy eventually got the hang of it. She met several friends when she went surfing. Mindy was glad she tried something different.
Jane was busy sending out her holiday cards. She had a bunch of envelopes to address. Then, she had to put a card in each one. Then, she put stamps on all of them. Finally, she put them in the mail box.
Bobby went to the grocery store. He locked his keys in his car. Bobby called his wife. He asked her to bring him a spare key. Bobby's wife brought a spare key to Bobby.
I was up late last night. I was ready to go to bed. I needed something to eat first. I looked all through the pantry for a snack. I ended up having some cookies.
I thought I had a right to own a gun. Recently I was pulled over for a routine traffic stop. The police found my gun and gave me a ticket. I researched a citizen's right to own a gun. I learned I can own a gun but I need a permit for it.
Lindsey was walking to the grocery store when something fell. She leaned over to pick it up and felt her pants split a bit. She awkwardly continued walking hoping no one could tell. As soon as she was home she stitched the pants up. Soon they were back like new.
For their annual summer vacation, the Jones family went to England. The first place they went to see was Big Ben and they were impressed. After that, they took a red double-decker bus across town. Their next stop was Buckingham Palace and they loved it! On their last day, they toured the London Tower.
Growing up, I never looked much like my two older brothers. One day, my brother Mark told me that was because I was adopted. I was devastated by hearing this. I tearfully confronted my parents with this revelation. They punished Mark severely for having told me such a lie!
A poor man went into a thrift shop to buy clothes. He saw a costume crown for sale for cheap. The man donned the crow and pretended to be a king. When he cashed out the cashier called him Your Highness. The poor man never felt so rich as in that moment.
Beth went to the furniture store to buy a table. She was really confused what kind of table she wanted. The customer service representative decided to help. They got into a friendly conversation about their interests. The representative ended up helping Beth get her table.
Todd never played with a frisbee before. We walked to the store and purchased a frisbee. Then we went to the park. I showed todd how to catch and throw a frisbee. Todd is now joining a ultimate frisbee team.
Jeremy launched a toy rocket. He watched it fly into the sky and then walked away. He walked to the store and ordered an ice cream. As he was eating it outside, he heard a sound. He looked up and the rocket came crashing down on his head.
Anna was setting up an Easter Egg hunt. She had to hide 200 eggs! It was exhausting coming up with so many hiding spots. But during the hunt, all of Anna's eggs were found. The kids complimented her on her creative hiding spots!
Angel received a very large homework assignment due in a week. She didn   t work on it the first six days. On the last day she read through the requirements. She realized that she needed to go to the library and it wasn't open. She received no grade as she wasn't able to complete the task.
Gina's class had a new student. And he had a brand new desk. He seemed oblivious to the jealousy of the other students. Gina felt it was only fair he knew they all hated him, She sat and scowled hoping he would turn and see her hateful face.
On Friday I went to the common room in our apartment building to read. It is nice and quiet in there. I was there for an hour. When I came home I realized I left my phone. I hurried back down and luckily retrieved it.
Emma and Lily wanted money for school shopping. They decided to open up a day camp for kids. They handed out fliers to parents. A few parents decided to let their kids go. The girls set up a fun camp and ended up making tons of money.
I used to play soccer in High School. We had a very big game with our cross town rival. I was so nervous before the game. I was so nervous that I couldn't sleep. I don't know why I was nervous because we ended up winning the game.
We just got through a losing football season. The next day the coach sat us all down and chewed us out. He kicked people out of the gym and lectured us. I didn't know why the coach got so mad over a football season. It turns out the coach was getting fired after this year.
Tina's class had a trip to the museum. Tina had never been before. She was quite excited. But when she got there she lost her bracelet. Someone nice though helped her find it.
Geronimo went outside his cabin to discard his trash. An angry bear meets him there. The bear attacks Geronimo. Geronimo's dog barks at the bear to distract it. Geronimo runs back inside his cabin.
Kim took a probiotic for digestion everyday. The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track. One day there was none at her local stores or online. She called the manufacturer who told her they were no longer sold. Kim was sad a product she relied on was no longer available.
Beth always wanted to be a cheerleader. When her high school had tryouts she decided to give it a shot. She didn't have much rhythm but she tried her best. A week later the results of the tryouts were posted. Beth was overjoyed when she found out she made the squad.
Lulu could not wait to walk into Sprinkles for the first time. The cupcakes all looked delicious to her and she could not decide. The lemon blueberry and cinnamon sugar looked the most yummy. Lulu finally decided on the cinnamon sugar and took a massive bite. The taste was absolutely heaven to her.
Meg and Tom were climbing a tall tree in the backyard. Tom bet Meg she couldn't make it to the top branch. Meg tried, but halfway up there was a big snap as the limb broke. She plummeted downward. She broke her arm when she hit the ground.
Cage looked for beauty in the world around him. He loved observing life and finding adventure. His classmates decided to become lawyers and doctors. But Cage knew he had a deeper, earthier, more artsy calling. Cage finished school and became a documentary filmmaker!
Nicole was spinning around in a circle with her classmates. As they finished the song, they all fell down. Nicole passed gas loudly and all the kids looked at her. She looked back and forth to take the attention off her. All the kids started laughing.
Mary's family enjoyed pancakes and eggs on lazy weekend mornings. Mary woke up early on Saturday to give her family a surprise. She heated up the stove and began to cook. The family woke up to the delicious smell of their favorite breakfast. The family all came downstairs and began eating in joy.
Sam decided to go for a run. He had not run for weeks. He forgot to stretch. When Sam got home he was in pain. He had pulled his hamstring.
Sarah cocked her gun and aimed. She pulled the trigger and the bullet hit her target. Sarah looked intently at the bullet holes. They were all far apart from the center. Sarah realized she needed more practice.
I always look forward to the weekends. On Friday, we took off from work a little early. We bought some beer and champagne. We relaxed and had a few drinks together. We laughed and watched movies all night.
Ada was making snow angels. She went outside with her friends. Then she lay down on her back. She spread her arms and legs wide. Then she got up to look at her angel.
My girlfriend and I wanted to go see a new movie last Friday night. We got to the movie theater at midnight. The movie theater closed at 11. My girlfriend and I went home upset. We watched TV instead.
Tom was on an important business call. In the middle of it he lost connection. He tried reconnecting but it didn't work. He had to go over to a coworker's office. They shared the same phone for the rest of the call.
Sam thought his tire was low. He found a gas station to fill it back up at. He didn't have a gauge. He went overboard and the tire blew. It didn't hurt him badly but he learned a lesson.
Kelly went to the local Mexican restaurant yesterday. She bought the food was amazing. Yet unfortunately when she got home she felt sick. She threw up. Kelly realized she had food poisoning.
Arnold was scared of red ants. He hated how they almost bit him. One day he was sitting down on the grass. He felt a stinging sensation. He ended up at the hospital because of red ant bites.
Harry wore socks a lot. People thought he was weird. He got holes in them all the time. He would look online for new ones. He bought some.
My Mom is a very good knitter. She knits many different types of things. She often knits things for others. She asked me what I would like her to knit for me. She knit me a beautiful, red shawl that I wore this week!
Brenda was in the bakery buying bread. She handed over a $50 bill to the cashier to pay. She got the chance and went out of the store. The wind was so strong that it took the money away. She tried to catch it but it was gone.
Becky was having waffles one day. She covered them with syrup. And put butter on them also. But when she sat down ready to eat she noticed something. She forgot to get a fork so she ate them with her hands!
One day, the Smith family went to the big parade downtown. The parade started early in the morning, so they got there at 7am. While watching the parade, they had many cold drinks. After the parade ended, they went home and had dinner This was every member of the Smith family's favorite day ever.
Mom always makes vegetable soup. She adds in steak meat. She puts in many type of vegetables. She makes it spicy with seasonings. It is great in the winter.
Ann was excited to go to her aunt's wedding. She lined up with the rest of the guests. Her aunt passed by her after the ceremony. Ann smiled and threw rice at the bride and groom. She had a great time acting silly at the wedding!
A handyman was called to fix a leak in the ceiling. He took out his ladder to get a better look at the situation. He saw that there was a big hole on the roof that caused it. The handyman put some chalk on the hole to stop it. After 10 minutes of no water he believed it to work.
Melissa got a new hair cut. Her friend told her she looked very nice. She came to work next morning. Her colleague laughed at her. He said her hair remind him hay.
A little girl in the park kept throwing things. Her mother asked her to stop. But the little girl was less than 2 years old. So of course she didn't. That mother had unrealistic expectations.
Ollie has just learned about dinosaurs. He would like to see a dinosaur, but his teacher says they're gone. He asks his dad, just to be sure. Dad says he knows of a place with real, live dinosaurs cousins. Together they go to a chicken farm.
My team was going against our rivals. As I was traveling with the ball, I passed it to Tim. Since he has the ball, all of the guards moved towards him. I made a hand signal to pass it back. However, he passed it to one of the opponents.
Luna walked towards the vending machine. She tried to buy some candy by putting money into the machine. The dispenser froze after a few seconds. She placed more money into the machine for the same candy. This time, the machine turned off.
A little boy was searching for his ball. He looked all over but couldn't find it. He ran into a tiny dog. The dog was holding something. It was the boy's ball!
Martha worked at Starbucks. One of her co workers was really mean. One day she wanted to teach her a lesson. She rigged the coffee machine. Her co worker got what she deserved.
My sister in law loves our kids. She is jealous, however. One day we had a new neighbor over. My sister in law was coming over but decided not to. She did get better with her jealousy as the kids grew up.
A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop. A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best. The artist smiled and thanked him. The artist told him all his works were 23 cents. The critic bought everything because it was such steal!
I went for a jog in the park. I rested on a bench. It was wet. My pants now had an embarrassing mark on the bottom. I hoped no one would notice as I made my way back to my car.
A young African boy was walking in the jungle. The boy needed water for his family. He tripped on a branch suddenly and saw a mouse. The mouse looked at him and ran away. The boy was curious and followed and he found a watering hole.
Donnie is a high school student. Donnie likes to sit in the back of the bus. Donnie was getting on the bus one day. He sees a group of kids sitting in the back. He tells the kids a lie to get them to move and they move to the front.
Jennifer is a smoker. She decided to try to quit smoking. Jennifer thought she would need help to quit. Jennifer talked to her doctor about the different options available to Jennifer decided on a combination of medication and a nicotine patch.
Susan thought about the weekend. She did not know what to do. She remembered that she hadn't seen her best friend in a long time. She called her up. Susan now had plans for the weekend.
All the children were outside playing at recess. A giant cloud burst open. Rain drops showered the children. The children frantically ran inside. They were safe from the storm.
Derek cried many weeks after his dog died. He missed his dog dearly. After a month his mom suggested he get a new dog. He finally agreed and he found his new dog. Over time, Derek learned to honor his first pet with his new one.
Ken was a cook. Ken was given an order for a medium rare steak. Ken cooked up the steak nice and rare. He went to serve it to the customers. The customer told him they wanted it well done.
I was walking around the grass one day. I stayed under a flowering tree. I heard a clicking noise. i looked up and saw a raccoon who wanted to come down. I moved away and he climbed down and walked away.
I was driving to class and running a bit late. So i decided to speed up to make sure I would make it. I ended up in a wreck with a large truck. The truck driver was my neighbor. We apologized to each other and no damage was done.
Kim was excited about her spring break. She was going to a Mexican beach. She had saved for a while. When the time came she got really sick. She had to cancel her plans.
Elise loved painting. Her teacher told her she just wasn't good enough. She cried herself to sleep and told her parents. Her parents met with the teacher. The next day the teacher took back his rude remark.
Mary had taken 6 ibuprofen. Her tooth still hurt. She sat her desk in agony. She hated to leave early. It was starting to look like she had no choice.
I was feeling really bad. So I ate a ton of meat and rice. I then felt like exercising. And I did tons of pushups and squats. Afterwards, I was amazed at how good exercise could make me feel.
Bob and Don are little brothers. One day they took bath together. Don accidentally punch Bob in the face. Bob fell under the water. Mom did not panic and took him out of the bathtub immediately.
Marion decided to stay home from work. She was scared of a predicted thunderstorm. The storm was as severe as predicted. A huge tree fell on Marion's house. She was trapped in her basement.
Max was coming home from a camping trip. He had to go through a mountain pass. That day, a huge ice storm had come through. As he drove down the road, he swerved a lot. Max was really afraid, but luckily he made it through the pass safely.
I decided to enter a race for money. My friends told me not to do it. They said I might get embarrassed. I went to compete anyway. I was filled with regret when I came in last place.
Jennifer was trying to get some lunch. She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line. She went to the back, hoping it wouldn't take too long. After a long time, she made it to the front. Unfortunately, almost everything was already gone.
Tim was on vacation. He was staying at a hotel with no free breakfast. Tim was hungry and asked the front desk about it. The worker gave Tim a breakfast voucher. He was very grateful for the food.
My sister-in-law has a lot of aches and pains. She has bursitis and arthritis. She is constantly taking tylenol. One day we were in her apartment and found her son's Naproxen. I am concerned about her overuse of drugs.
Billy's school has a race at the end of the year for every grade. Billy wanted to be the fastest kid in his grade. Billy ran around the yard at recess, all year long to get faster. Finally it was time for the big race. After a very close competition, Billy came out victorious!
The babysitter Maria  was asked to care of the two children. She baked cookies for them and played with them. Suddenly, there were noises and Maria was sure it was an intruder. She called the police and hid herself along with the children. The police came and the intruder was nowhere to be seen.
Gregory had never taken a train in his life. So when he was on his first train, he was surprised how fast it went. He looked outside the window and everything was a blur. When he climbed down, he was very satisfied. He decided to do all his travel by train from now on.
Chloe bought the best house she could afford, but it wasn't perfect. The walls were covered in horrible floral wallpaper. Since Chloe watched a lot of home improvement shows, she had an idea. She tore down the terrible wallpaper and painted the walls herself. Now her walls are the perfect shade of white and she loves her home.
The principal announced that there was a shortage of food today. When I came into the cafeteria, I saw a large lunch line. By the time I came into the front, there was virtually nothing to eat. I simply picked up a carton of milk since the remaining food was stale My stomach growled for the rest of the day.
Billy-Bob went to 7-11 every day. He always got a super-sized Slurpee. After 12 years, Billy Bob was diagnosed with diabetes. They eventually had to amputate his foot. Today Billy-Bob has daily insulin injections.
He looked at his little girl solemnly. He told her he would have to start ramping up her punishments. He said they hadn't been working on her. She started crying in frustration. She told him she would be good if he would just try understanding.
Matt was driving on a street. Suddenly, a car swerves into him. His car got scratched. The other car then kept going. Matt was annoyed but decided not to follow.
Kris wanted to be a good husband. He noticed a grocery list on the counter and decided to go shopping. He got everything on the list and proudly returned. Once back he noticed they had a lot of that stuff already. He finally noticed the list was for last week.
While on vacation, Amy gathered rocks on the beach. When she came home, she showed the rocks to friends. Everyone said they looked like ordinary rocks, nothing special. Amy brought the rocks to a man who polished them. He handed her a pile of beautiful polished agates.
Today is John's birthday. John's wife, Mary, wanted to bake him a cake. Mary went to the store and bought ingredients. Mary then went back home to bake it. The cake was burnt and John was upset.
Hillary was working at a diner. The customers there were rude and disrespectful. Her co workers fought amongst themselves all the time. Hillary was offered a job working in a local boutique. She quit the diner job and started at the boutique.
Laura was really excited for her trip so she wanted to plan! She wasn't sure exactly what to plan for so it was challenging. She looked around various websites and made herself a mental guide. After making a mental guide she asked me for input and I gave some! After a few days of planning she had the trip completely planned!
I bought a new flavor of potato chips. I took the bag home, eager to share them with my son. He said they looked really good. We opened the bag and poured some in a bowl. We ate them and enjoyed them while watching a movie.
Marissa loved to bake with chocolate. As she was allergic to it, she used her husband to taste the dough. Her husband, who loved chocolate, was happy to help. So much so that over the years he was the one taking on weight. Marissa had to stop baking as much or her husband would become sick.
Sally was going to a meeting with an important client. She got caught in traffic on the way to the meeting. Sally ended up behind schedule and was late. Her client cancelled the meeting. Sally lost her client because of the traffic.
Author and Jenny went to a Japanese restaurant. It was supposed to be the best Japanese food in all of Orange County. Inside, they talked and waited for twenty minutes. Author started to cough and had to ask for a glass of water. The restaurant had the best food but worst service in town.
There was a girl who loved to swim. She spent so much time in the pool all her fingers were wrinkled. She practiced and practiced every day for a year. She got so good she tried out for the school swim team. She made the team and took the team to state!
Bob looked closely under the sink. He spotted what looked like rot. Bob then inspected the vinyl flooring near the sink. He decided it looked pretty bad. Bob called a professional to fix the issues.
Sherry knew she married the right man because he never complained. But she did. One day she complained he brushed his teeth too long. Later that day she complained he didn't like going out enough. That night, her husband of six months, said he wanted a divorce.
Scott was eating an ice cream cone. He had a sudden pain shoot through his teeth. Scott called the dentist and made an appointment. The dentist found a cavity in one of his teeth. Scott had his tooth fixed by the dentist.
Nick needed to return the car his mother rented Monday morning. His mother forgot that she needed to work therefore can't go with him. Nick called his coach who is old enough to return the rental with him. His coach said yes he would help him Monday morning to return the car. They both went together to return the car, Nick appreciated the help.
Fred was taking a test. It was in math. It turned out to be very difficult. Fred couldn't figure it out. He ended up leaving it half blank.
Kevin is a web developer. He designs and builds websites. Kevin is contacted by google because he is very skilled. Kevin takes a job with google and gets to rock climb during lunch time Kevin loves his job.
Tom had a trouble with commitment. His girlfriend felt the pressure from it. It really hurt their relationship. Eventually they broke up. Tom tried to get over his problems, but couldn't.
April bought a Powerball lottery ticket at the gas station. She was excited about the prospect of winning millions of dollars. She thought about what she would do with the money if she won. On the day of the drawing she watched it live on TV. April was sad to find out she didn't win the lottery.
Melissa needed to make dinner for her family. She was tired of cooking the same meals over and over. She looked in a cookbook for a new recipe. She found all the ingredients she needed in the refrigerator. Melissa cooked dinner and her family loved it.
My sister is moving into a new apartment. She asked me to help her with the move. That's when I realized how grossly out of shape I am. While moving the sofa to the house, I almost passed out. She had the nerve to laugh at me before giving me water.
I was taking a walk down the street and heard a tiny meow. I looked left and saw a little kitten with no mommy. I grabbed her up, and wrapped her in a scarf I had with me. I took her home, bathed her, and fed her milk and chicken. I've had her for seven Years now, and she's my best buddy.
Freddy wanted to join the crips He knew people in it. They said he had to take a beating for 10 minutes to be initiated. Freddy went through it. He suffered severe injuries and had to go to the hospital.
Fred was a worker on his uncle's dock at the pier. He would work everyday cleaning, and catching fish. One day, he noticed a rather large fish in his nets. When he looked a second time, he realized the fish was a dolphin. Fred worked quickly to free the fish from the nets and release him.
I like Star Wars. I also like doing origami. So when I saw the Star Wars origami book at Costco, I bought it. But I ended up being disappointed because the patterns are too hard! So now the book just sits on my bookshelf as a Star Wars decoration.
I was sick and tired of washing dishes. It felt like every day they were piling up. I didn't want to be lazy, but I was sick of it, I announced. I went to the store and bought a huge pack of paper plates. Now when we eat, we throw the plates away.
My friend Gary is an outdoorsman. In 1988 we lived next to a pond in the city. Gary inflated a boat and got out into the pond. The police came by and told him there was no boating. He was disappointed.
Bill invited Sue to Aruba for New Years. At the airport, Bill got stopped by security for metal in his pocket. It was an engagement ring. He barely kept Sue from seeing. Bill proposed on the beach on New Year's Day.
Alex and Angel were identical twins who were five years old. The school consulted their parents about their Kindergarten placement. Decisions had to be made concerning what classes they were in. They debated the pros and cons of having them in a class together. It was eventually decided to place them in separate classrooms.
Josh was homesick. All he wanted was his mom's grilled cheese. He finally decided to try to make it himself. He bought all the ingredients and tried his best. The result was a perfect grilled cheese just like his mom's.
Shawn was a young boy. He wanted a new bike for his birthday. His dad told him he would have to work for it. Shawn got a job cutting grass. Shawn saved enough and bought a new bike.
Roxanne sat in her living room watching television. She saw a small black spider crawling across the floor. Roxanne called her dog into the room. Roxanne pointed to the spider to show her dog. The dog jumped on the spider and ate it!
Susie was sitting down in the park. Her friend asked if she wanted some ice cream. Susie said okay. But by the time her friend came back it was melted. So Susie has to drink it.
Kent had an old ferret named Simsam. Simsam chewed a hole through Kent's bed where he slept at night. One day, Simsam went missing. Kent looked everywhere for Simsam, and found him. Simsam had chewed all through Kent's bed and was in the pillow.
Haley broke up with her boyfriend. Nancy was trying to comfort with advice. Nancy said that crying over someone isn't worth it. The next day, Haley ran into Nancy. She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her.
Jill looked out the window at her ugly backyard. She wanted to go out and enjoy it but couldn't. Jill decided to fix up the yard so she could enjoy it. Jill planted flowers and bought herself outdoor furniture. Jill now sits outside enjoying her beautiful back yard.
A tornado came through here yesterday. It was really scary. All the weather channels were sending warnings. We went down to the basement during the storm. Everyone was okay.
Tom and Ben went hiking. They had fun seeing many sights. They traveled down a complex path. They became tired and turned around. They got lost in the mountain and lost their way.
Tony had a sad ferret. The ferret lived in a cage. The cage was very lonely. Tony bought another ferret to be his ferrets friend. Tony's ferret was very happy.
Heather was at home alone after a fight with some friends. She was reading when her mom came in with some bad news. Her friends had been in a car accident. Heather rushed to the hospital to see them all. Luckily they were okay and their fight was totally forgotten.
The power was out in the town Kate lived in. She had nothing to do to entertain herself. A friend called her on the phone to chat. Kate found the conversation entertaining. She happily chatted for an hour.
Tim loved listening to music. He always used the headphones that came with his phone. A friend advised him to get better headphones. Tim searched for a reasonably priced pair. He was blown away by the difference in sound.
A mother told her son to practice piano. He practiced everyday to get better. He got ready for his recital. He practiced his new songs. The recital went really well for him.
Chad thought he was the favorite baby. Even after his brother Tommy was born he knew deep inside. Chad would cry and mom would run. One day Chad threw up all over moms new carpet. Suddenly, Tommy was the favorite.
Yesterday Tina made a blueberry pie. She thought it would turn out great. However unfortunately the pie turned out horrible. When she went to taste it, it tasted terrible. Tina had to throw it out.
Glen was a restaurant chef. He had a party to cater in a week. He totally forgot about it until one day before. He worked all day to get things ready. The party canceled the event.
Tina had an important meeting. She went to a concert the night before. Tina yelled at the stage a lot. She wound up losing her voice after a while. She had to get someone else to talk during her meeting.
I bought my pink phone as soon as it became available. I had wanted one for a very long time. When I heard it was out, I rushed to the store. I purchased one of the only ones they had left in stock. I paid more for the color, but it was worth it in my opinion.
Kia was working as a semi-skilled laborer at a factory. She wanted to make more money. She went and enrolled in trade school. When she graduated, she had many new certifications. She was able to find a new job that paid much more!
Bree once had a gerbil. Her gerbil was white with red eyes. She took a lot of photos of it with red eye removal enabled. When she did this, the photos of the gerbil always made it look evil. These particular photos always made her smile after it passed away.
Joe was going to a baseball game. He went with his friends. He was so bored. He found a game on his phone. He passed the time by playing on his phone all day.
I finally was able to scoop up a new laptop yesterday. I drove to the Apple Store to look at the selection. Everything was beautiful. I found the MacBook Pro which I loved. I ended up purchasing that.
Markus worked at a coffee shop. He was determined to make the best latte. He practiced every time he worked. Finally, he was sure he had done it. However, when his boss tried it, she said he needed to practice more.
Carol is a seamstress. She decides to start selling curtains on her own. Carol creates a website for her curtain selling business. Carol's side business grows. Soon, Carol only works for her own business.
Whenever I went to school, my classmates said I dressed to plain. It's all everyone would talk about. I decided to come to school with rainbow colored pants on. All of the students made fun of me the entire day. I then realized that my plain clothes weren't that bad.
A USA sprinter was competing in the Olympic semi-finals. In the first 100 meters, he tore his hamstring. He began to hop down the track. His dad ran out to the track to hold him up. Both the sprinter and his dad crossed the finish line together.
Allie had to go to auditorium. Her teacher was making a speech. Sitting through it, she was bored. Allie felt like she was going to sleep. At the end of the speech she was asleep.
Ross went to the sporting goods store. He bought a new fishing pole. He immediately set out to catch some fish. The first day, he caught ten huge bass! He was so pleased with his new pole!
Tom noticed a new lamp at home. His wife had bought it earlier that day. Tom really didn't like the way it looked. His wife really liked it, though. They argued about it often.
Mike was with his friends on a hike. They were goofing around as they climbed on big boulders. Suddenly Mike slipped and fell from a boulder. It was high enough that Mike was completely out of breath. Luckily his injuries were only minor.
Arriving at the party, Sam was nervous to meet his new neighbors. Inside, he was greeted by waiter who handed him a glass of wine. Thanking him, Sam was surprised to realize he was actually a robot! Walking further into the house, Sam saw his hosts on the back patio. Sam was shocked when he saw they were robots too!
Ben was very hot in his house. His air conditioner broke. He went to the store to buy a huge fan. He put the fan in his room and turned it on. Ben was never hot again.
Lila has a toothache. She does not have dental insurance. One day, she decided she needed to see a dentist. They gave her a root canal. Now Lila has a lot of medical bills.
The school group went to a pizza restaurant. They all ordered the pepperoni. That night, they all got very sick. They couldn't travel back to the school that day. THey all swore never to eat at that restaurant again!
Dan led a group of students in protest of the school dress code. The principal said anyone defying the code would be suspended. The students rallied around Dan, who pledged to keep fighting. Hearing of the protest, Dan's parents gave their son an ultimatum. Dan showed up to school dressed to code.
Jerome was an awkward child of the 70s. He had grown up all over the country, and found himself lost. One year Jerome found the most beautiful girl in Tucson. He decided his purpose was to create love after all this time. So Jerome and Maria got married, had kids, and Jerome was happy.
The family planned a fun beach vacation for their summer. All school year the kids looked forward to the trip. When classes were over and summer came, it was finally time. The family loaded up their car to drive to the beach. It ended up being the best vacation they took all year.
Tom wanted to play football in high school. Tom had very long hair. During a game an opponent grabbed his hair. Tom realized he needed to cut his hair.l. Tom cut his hair.
Ben enjoyed running and thought that he was pretty good at it. He decided to join the track team at his  school. His team practiced every day after school. When the day of the track meet arrived, Ben ran as fast as he could. Although he didn't win his race, Ben was very proud of himself.
The man closed his eyes. He tried to fall asleep. He had too many thoughts in his head. He opened his eyes. He tried to figure out how he could get some sleep.
Ryan went grouse hunting with his brother, Chad. They walked deep it to the woods looking for birds. After an hour they saw a bird in a tree. Chad shot at the bird but missed it. Ryan shot at the bird and hit it in the head.
Meg wanted to go for a walk. She asked her boyfriend to come with her. He agreed and they set off. Holding hands, they walked their neighborhood together. They walked for over an hour!
Brenda wasn't a model, but she was pretty and outgoing. One day her friend invited her to model at a car show. Brenda said okay and dressed up sexy for the show. A guy flirted with her but she wasn't interested. But she was interested after she saw his low-rider car win a prize.
Tom used his phone's alarm to wake up. One morning he realized the alarm never went off. Tom's phone had died even though he had it plugged in. Tom realized the charger was broken. He replaced it as soon as possible.
Little Tommy really wanted to drive the family car. Tommy looked everywhere for the keys. Tommy eventually asked his mom to give him the car keys. Tommy's mom told him he was far too young to drive. Tommy burst into a torrent of hot tears.
The man got some new spices. He did not know how to use them. He added way too much of one. He tasted the food. It was inedible.
The Tyrannosaur fossil was the jewel of the museum's collection. It was the most complete example of the animal ever found. Children especially enjoyed looking at it. It was beautiful in its own way. This one animal was loved by millions of people.
Steph was going camping. They were going to be really roughing it. They would have to bring everything they needed. Bears supposedly lived nearby. They hoped not to see any.
Carol was driving home from college. She had three hours left and her phone died. She realized she left her car charger behind. She was worried about missing a call from her boyfriend. But worrying caused her to miss her exit and she got lost with no gps.
Conner had a TV in his bedroom. He also had a bebe gun that he kept in there as well. He got bored one day and played with his bb gun in his room. The gun was usually empty but he didn't know there was one bebe in it. He aimed it at the TV and pulled the trigger and the screen shattered.
Tabitha worked at a kitchen supply store. There had recently been a serious natural disaster. Unfortunately, she was instructed by management to not give discounts. A customer kept demanding that she be given a discount, anyway. Tabitha sent the woman away to get a free coupon booklet to use.
Cal and her daughter loved baking. They decided to enter their pies in a baking contest. That way they would see who was the better baker! Each one entered a homemade pie. But neither one won the contest!
Amy married Mark knowing he had been married before. He was happy to welcome her children. He told her he and his ex-wife could never have children. One day a teenager came to the door. She told Amy that she was Mark's daughter and he hadn't known.
My wife's niece owned a horse in Greenfield, MA. She rode him in shows and competitions. She is an equestrian business major in college. Today she announced her horse was sick and had to be euthanized. Everyone on FB posted their condolences.
Three men rolled a giant ball up a steep hill. They struggled and slowly made it to the top. Once at the top they gave it a push and watched. The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree. All the men cheered and ran after the ball to do it again.
Rachel was having a craving for jelly beans. She went to the candy shop in town. There were rows and rows of flavors to choose from. In her excitement, she spilled jelly beans everywhere. Rachel was embarrassed the shop owner had to sweep up her mess.
Lauren was on a hike with her family. They had just finished and were relaxing at a viewpoint. Lauren decided to hike on ahead of her family. She made it back to the car far ahead of them. For twenty minutes, she had to wait.
Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it. One day he was called into the principal's office for his swearing. The principal asked Anthony where he learned how to swear. Anthony told the principal he learned it from the principal's mother. Anthony was expelled from school and had to attend another school.
Today was April Fools Day and everyone played pranks on each other. Jeff was sneaking towards Dan, who was sitting down. When Jeff turned around, And shouted. The chair ended up breaking when Jeff called. Dan couldn't help but laugh.
She arrived early to her appointment. The dentist gave her a shot in the gums. Everything went blessedly numb. He removed the tooth that was hurting her. He prescribed pain killers, and she left happily.
John had his eyes on a new boat. He had been wanting one for the longest time. He looked around for the best deal and finally settled on one. He arrived at the dealership and spoke with them for a while. After a bit, he was driving his brand new boat home.
Liz was excited about going to prom. She needed a dress. Her mom did not have enough money to buy a new prom dress. She decided to make Liz a dress. They found the perfect material and made Liz a beautiful dress.
I woke up one morning after having terrible nightmares. I didn't want to even get out of bed. I was also afraid to go back to sleep. I finally got up, thinking the day would be better. Everything went wrong all day.
Gizmo also wanted to eat spaghettios. I ate my bowl of spaghettios. I set the empty bowl on the floor. Gizmo ran over and licked the bowl clean. It looked like it never had anything in it.
Alicia wanted the new iphone. So she waited in line all day for one. Then she realized she could have just preordered one. She then felt rather stupid. So she realized she would do that next year.
I went on a trip. I took the train. They said I had too much luggage. I decided to cram everything into one suitcase. After that I was able to get on the train.
Karen couldn't find her favorite flats. She looked everywhere. One day she was walking in the backyard. She saw part of one sticking out of the ground. Her dog had buried them.
Kim wasn't a very good cook. She tried to make french fries. Some grease spilled over and caught fire. She tried to put it out by throwing water on it. The fire spread and Kim had to call the fire department.
Tom normally drank light beers. He was at a party with only liquor. He didn't know how to handle it. He drank too much and started feeling sick. Tom stopped drinking and just hung out instead.
Lonnie could always draw very well. He decided to do something useful with his drawings. He created a comic strip and submitted it to companies. Every company rejected him, and he became frustrated. Finally, he submitted to a newspaper and they accepted him.
Phil is out mowing his lawn one day. When he notices something stuck in his tree. He rushes over to see what it is. He sees that is a cat that is stuck. He climbs up the tree and rescues the cat.
Bob tried getting a reasonable price for his truck. He grew impatient when no one expressed interest. Bob chose to offer his truck to an a friend for a few hundred dollars. He drove it down to her house and gave her the keys. She expressed her gratitude to Bob in the best way she could.
I've always wanted to curl over seventy pounds at the gym. I currently curl about fifty pounds which is too low. I worked real hard at it for months. I also ate healthy foods and got plenty of rest. A few months later I was curling well over my goal.
It was snowing when Cathy went out. She hold her skates with anticipation as she walked down the street. But when she arrived at the skating rink it was covered with snow. She joined the kids around the ring and made snowmen instead. An hour later, when a man came to remove the snow, she skated happily.
Tommy was nervous about his first day at Kindergarten. His mother had to carry him into the school. Once he settled down he noticed all the nice toys. He also made friends with Jimmy, Paul, and Evan. When his mother picked him up he did not want to go home.
The parents wanted to take their family on a vacation. They chose to go to Rome as the vacation spot. In Rome the family visited Vatican City. In Vatican City they saw the Pope and ate delicious food. After two weeks the family returned home excited for the next vacation.
I wanted to walk my friend's dog because I never had before. She gave me the dog which was on a leash. I walked the dog for about twelve blocks. The dog jerked free and ran away. Thankfully, I later found the dog at my friend's house.
On top of the rock, the lion surveyed his domain. He sensed the coming of prey long before he saw it. As the warthog came around the bend, the lion pounced. Fur flew and screeches filled the air. From the top of the rock, the well fed lion surveyed his domain.
I was making toast. I smeared half a stick of butter on it. I enjoyed my tasty slice. Unfortunately, my doctor told me that this was an unhealthy practice. So I  only used a small amount of butter from  then on.
Once there was a large tiger who lived in the wild. This tiger liked to hunt and was very hungry one day. He decided to search for some fish in the nearby river. In the river, he grabbed for food and finally caught a trout. The tiger ate the trout and was very happy.
Ken enjoys running. Until one day he got hurt. The doctor said he was unfixable, and Ken was sad. He needed a new outlet for his stress and anger. He threw all of his attention into knitting, and he became happy again
Bobby was about to enter kindergarten. His older brother told him some scary stories about school. Bobby believed his brother. Bobby refused to get on the bus the first morning. Bobby's parents had to bring him to school as he fought them.
James liked playing video games. He got a virtual reality headset for Christmas. It was amazing! He acted like he was climbing a mountain. The technology was very advanced.
Steve was interested in monkeys. Noticing his interest, his parents brought him to the zoo. There, he saw a giant gorilla. Frightened by its size, Steve began to cry. He was much calmer around the smaller monkeys later on.
I decided to go to a rock concert at the last minute. I bought a ticket at the grocery store. I got to the venue and my ticket was on the 5th row. I was very happy with my seat. I enjoyed the performance.
Tom was struggling to make ends meet. He wasn't making enough at work for his bills. He broke down and asked his family for help. Nobody was willing to help him out. Tom struggled through it alone.
The man spilled sugar. He didn't clean it up. Some ants found it. His wife found the ants. The wife yelled at the man.
Diane was doing a cheerleading stunt. As she went up, she fell backwards. She was rushed to the ER immediately. The doctor said she had a concussion. Diane could not cheer for the rest of the season.
One time, my friends convinced me to egg a house. I decided to go with them at night. We found a house and threw eggs at it. The owner came out and caught us. Now we have to clean up the eggs or he will tell our parents.
Donald thought he was disappointed with his wife. He told her she didn't cook and clean enough. Then he told her to go with him on a trip but she didn't want to. Donald was upset, took her door key, and then kicked her out. Three days later, Donald called after his wife offering her key back.
Tim was lactose intolerant. He loved dairy food, though. He tried taking medication for it. Unfortunately nothing really helped much. Tim was often sick.
Marissa and Brad visited an old castle. Brad tried to convince Marissa to go see the castle crypt. The two entered the very cold basement while holding hands. While in the crypt, Marissa asked constantly to leave. Brad lead her out of the crypt and hugged her until she was calm.
Michael was reading a book for one of his classes. He left the book on the bus. Michael wasn't able to track down the bus. Michael went to the bookstore. He bought another copy of the book.
Will was at the lake with his family. Suddenly a huge storm rolled in. Their plastic water toys began blowing away. Will and his cousins managed to catch all of the toys. Luckily they didn't lose anything in the storm.
Jonathan does not get along with his co-worker, Ryan. Yesterday, Jonathan set his keys on his desk when he got to work. As a joke, Ryan took Jonathan's keys and hid them. Jonathan confronted Ryan about the missing keys. Jonathan found the keys behind the microwave in the break room.
Sam hates to buy groceries. He decided to try a shopping service. He signed up online and picked out everything he wanted. He arrived at the grocery store and someone came out with his list. Sam was highly impressed and happy.
Amy was in trouble. She had taken her sister with her to May's While there her sister got into a fight. Amy was too tired to care that her mother grounded her. Amy went to her room, closed the door, and went to sleep.
Becky loved the ocean. She lived in the middle of the continent. She wanted to make a memento for her love of the sea. She made a salt water mixture to put in a spray bottle. She sprayed it on her pillow so it smelled like sea water
Greg was worrying about his first day of school. He had spent all summer relaxing and wasn't ready. But he went and bought his books. And picked out some new outfits. So he could go and have a good start to school.
Dan was recently invited to participate in his high school reunion. Dan was nervous to meet his former high school classmates. In addition, Dan feared he would not notice anyone there. Dan felt it would be fun to see his classmates again. Dan decided to throw caution to the wind and attend the reunion.
Jose is a 16 year old boy. He isn't like most boys his age. He prefers to play with dolls and girl stuff. Jose eventually tells his parents he is gay. Jose is unique just the way he is.
Joe was about to be homeless. He called the local state resources to try to find something. The woman he spoke to was very polite but couldn't help. She told Joe that the state's services were completely overwhelmed. Joe decided to burn himself alive, setting the house on fire too!
Once I went on a hike. I saw something in the distance. I noticed it was a moose. I ran back to my car. Now I only go hiking with other people.
Olivia woke up in the middle of the night again. She tried to fall back asleep without success. So she made herself a cup of chamomile tea. When it was ready, she sipped it with her eyes half-closed. And she went back to sleep easily once she was done.
Sam had troubles with his girlfriend. They had been fighting for weeks. They planned to go to dinner one night. Sam's girlfriend dumped him that night. He agreed it was the best idea.
Some kids were playing in the backyard. A raven happened to fly down and began to watch the kids. When the parents brought them snacks, they shared with the raven. The raven flew off, and didn't come back for several minutes. It returned with a shiny piece of tin foil to give to the kids.
I grabbed a glass from the cabinet. Then I sliced a lemon and some cucumber to place in the glass. I poured water into the glass. I sighed after taking a big sip. That was a refreshing glass of water.
Lucky walked into her room. She tried to find her mirror to take a look at it. She was furious when she looked at her hair. Out of aggression, she punched the mirror and made a hole inside of it Her hand got injured from the broken glass.
Kim wanted Garbage Pail Kids cards, but her mother told her no. She was at Walgreen's with her grandfather and saw the cards. Instead of asking him to buy them she asked him for money. He gave her money and told her he would wait in the car. Kim bought the cards, and hid them from her parents.
The team had played well all year. They won their league and went to the finals. The star player got the big hit in the game. The team won the championship. After the game, they celebrated with a big party.
Mike loved his cat. His cat would constantly ignore him. One day Mike got so angry he finally decided to buy a second cat. His second cat was more tender and loving. Mike ended up getting rid of his first cat.
I've wanted a beard since before I can remember. I have one problem though. I can't grow facial hair. So I let a pregnant lady shave my face because of the superstition. Only change in my life is that I've been shaved by a pregnant lady.
Daisy was named for the white flower with thin petals. So it was only natural that she learn to make daisy chains! At age 5, her mom sat her down and showed her how to link the stems. Soon Daisy had the hang of it. She was making floral chains like a goddess!
Mike was walking past a field. He began sneezing and his became irritated. He noticed he was walking past a field and suspected he had allergies. Mike then made a visit to his doctors office. His doctor explained to mike that he had hay fever.
My daughter wanted to play her new My Little Pony board game with me. Even when I at first refused, she kept asking me. Finally, I sat down to play the My Little Pony board game. I defeated my daughter on the last turn of the game. Now I want to play but she won't play with me.
Jen was concerned about her mother's smoking. She respectfully approached the subject with her mom. Jen tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer. Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking. She succeeded and now Jen's not worried about her mom getting cancer.
It was a cold and wet winter day. Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over. She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck. Traffic was backed up as Kim slid down the slick hill. Kim was forced to back onto a side street to get out of traffic.
Lisa was out gardening yesterday. An hour into it, Lisa heard a loud horn. The horn was for the tornado warning. Lisa immediately ran inside. She saw the tornado sweep up much of her yard.
Jim was grilling steak for all of his friends. He took a steak and flipped it high to show off. The next time he flipped it even higher to show off more. This time the steak missed the grill and fell on the ground. Jim offered to be the one to eat that steak.
Lisa made chili for her boyfriend. She had a salad first, so he started eating the chili before her. He jumped up after the first bite for a glass of water. Lisa tasted the chili. She had put in 3 tablespoons of hot sauce instead of 3 teaspoons.
Tom was nervous about an upcoming date. He got a fever blister because of it. Tom tried to cure it and hide it. Unfortunately it was on full display during the date. Tom didn't get another date because of it.
Tom was in trouble at work. He was constantly late. Tom didn't have steady transportation. One day his car broke down completely. He was fired from his job.
Jake sprained his ankle while playing soccer. He yelled in pain. He feared that he wouldn't be able to play next week. The trainer told him the sprain was very minor. Jake sighed in relief.
Aura wanted to see the sunrise. She went to bed early. She also set two alarms for surety. She rose at six in the morning. Aura got to see her first sunrise!
Sam was playing in his front yard. He wasn't aware of a garden rake lying down in the grass. Running fast, he stepped on the rake, which made him trip. He fell on a boulder in his mom's flower garden. Sam was rushed to the hospital for a concussion.
Sharon went dress shopping. She tried on some dresses that were normally in her size. But her normal size didn't fit anymore! She then vowed to exercise to lose the weight she'd gained. She eventually lost 20 pounds and could fit into her old size again.
Hanna loved running. Her dream was to be in the Olympics. She trained every day. In high school, she was on track and broke records for speed. When she was 21 she ran track in the Olympics and got a silver medal.
Jeremy was working on his car. He asked his girlfriend to pick up a part for him. She went to the hardware store but got the wrong part. When she went back she asked an employee for help. This time she was able to get the right part.
Jake was a very picky eater. He wouldn't eat any vegetables at all. One day his father cooked kabobs. His father didn't tell him there were vegetable on it. Jake loved the new meal even though there were veggies.
Truman went to visit a college he was interested in attending. He spent time with the students and professors. He also took time to tour the college. One of the professors sent him a nice letter thanking him for coming. Truman was so pleased that the professors wanted him to attend.
I was playing football with my friends. A friend of my made a great play. I was very thrilled and gave him a high five. However, my friend did it to hard and my hand turn Red. I actually almost cried because of a simple high five.
Josh was hanging out when his phone rang. A friend from school invited him to see a movie. Josh rushed to get ready but could find no clean clothes. Soon he ran out of time and threw on something dirty. Luckily his friend didn't seem to notice.
When aunt Lily died it was raining a lot. All the mourners were wet under their umbrellas. They tried to listen to the minister, but many were sneezing. When finally the minister was done, the sun came out. And everyone was in awe to see the light on the coffin.
Norbert felt something on his arm. It was a tick! He lit a match and then poked the tick with it. The tick died and he pulled it off. Ticks made Norbert feel queasy!
The man frowned. The boy noticed. The boy told his dad. His dad looked at the man. The man was no longer frowning.
Kevin was excited about working his new job. It was his first day and he was being shown around. Kevin worked in IT. He met with everyone and they all seemed quite nice. Kevin knew he had made the right move and was going to be fine.
Jacque loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa. It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them. When she was ten, her grandfather became very ill. After a few months of illness, her grandfather passed away. Jacque missed him terribly, but always felt better while star gazing.
Bill knew that his dad kept a safe in the attic. Bill wanted to know what was inside. He tried to break it open but it didn't work. Finally his dad let him see inside the safe. To Bill's surprise, it was old family photos of him.
AJ was having trouble with his math homework. He visited a classmate to ask for some help. His classmate walked him through one of the problems step by step. AJ thanked his classmate for the help. He understood the math homework much better now!
Jack wanted to make a paper plane. He got glue, paper, and scissors. He sat and carefully built his plane. He ran outside to try it out. Jack watched as his plane soared through the sky.
Jolene joined the track team at school. She was the worst on the team, but she tried her best. After a long time, she started to get better. Eventually she was the best on the team! Jolene was glad she worked so hard.
Donna likes to cook but isn't a very good cook. Donna decided to find a good cookbook to help her. She perused books online, looking for a cookbook for beginners. Donna found a well-reviewed book, and decided to purchase it. After receiving the cookbook, Donna made a cake that she liked.
Lucy decided to enter a swimming content last month. She ended up being tied with the person in third place. She ended up winning the tiebreaker by 200 milliseconds. She was awarded a silver medal. Lucy is now looked up by everyone in her swim club.
Corey gave a lot of thought to doing some volunteer work. Corey wanted to give back to his community in a meaningful way. At a school presentation, Corey learned about Habitat For Humanity. Corey signed up for a Habitat for Humanity project in his town. Corey participated in building a home with Habitat for Humanity.
Susan was very good at baking. She made the most wonderful pies, cookies, and cakes. Today she was baking a pecan pie. Pecan pie was one of Susan's favorites. It came out of the oven perfect and was delicious.
Jerry was a stand up comedian who wasn't funny. He devoted his life to this craft but was not getting laughs. He wanted to try something new so he tried sketch comedy. He got tons of laughs every night along with his team of three. Jerry found out that he performs better in groups instead of solo.
Scientists have been working at Los Alamos on a new bomb. The theory was easy to develop. They decided on a final design. They determined what material would be needed. Now they wait on the material for their gadget to be produced.
Yuri shoved his boat from the dock. He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay. Later a the weather began to turn for the worse. A large wave tossed the small boat onto the rocks. Yuri watched from life raft as the boat dipped beneath the water.
I lost my dog about a month ago. He had ran out of my house and never came back. We put up signs and had people looking for him for 3 long weeks. As I was walking in my neighborhood one day I saw him! A neighbor had taken him in, apparently he had lost his collar.
I wanted to get nice new wooden cabinets for my kitchen. I looked at some local stores and they were too pricey. I looked online and the shipping costs were ridiculous. I decided to make my own. It took a long time but the results were top-notch.
Bradley enjoys going on vacations. Luckily, he took off of work next week to go on one. He is taking a four day cruise. The cruise is going to make a stop in Jamaica. Bradley is very excited for this trip as it is his first cruise.
Tom was drunk on Twitter. He started posting a lot of nonsense. One of his posts went viral. Unfortunately it was for a bad reason. He had to delete it and apologize.
Tom was spending time with his friends as he frequently does. They were all watching the TV together one evening. They saw that Floyd Mayweather was boxing on one channel. They decided to watch the match. They had a great time watching the great fighter.
Buddy was starting his job as an elf at the local mall. His job was to escort kids up to see Santa. He smiled at all of them and told them jokes. He was happy to see how happy the kids were when they saw Santa. Once Christmas was over, he was sad to find a new job.
Stephanie felt heartbroken when her boyfriend left her. She was glad to get away to London for a semester abroad. In London, she met a friendly guy named Clive. Clive proposed marriage to Stephanie after they started dating. Now Stephanie felt happy that her old boyfriend left her.
Chris worked as a busboy at a Mexican restaurant. One night after work, he stole some margarita glasses. As he was leaving the parking lot the manager flagged him down. The manager only asked Chris if he would work on Tuesday. The manager didn't see the glasses, so Chris vowed not to steal again.
Tom went out to the club last night. After a few drinks, he went out to the dance floor. He was dancing like a madman when suddenly the music stopped. Everyone looked at Tom while he kept on dancing. He was having such a good time, he didn't know the music had stopped.
Helen and her friends decided to go to a Trump rally. They entered the arena excited. The music was very loud and crazy. The girls couldn't believe they were there. At the end of the day they had fun.
Haley received a message from a friend. He tried to have a conversation with her. Haley had to study and told him that she has to end the conversation. Although he understood, he texted her a half an hour later. She argued with him since she was frustrated.
Will really needed a new car. Will went to his local car dealership. Will narrowed his choices down to either a BMW or Prius. Will finally decided on the BMW. Will drove away feeling pretty awesome about his new ride.
When I got my brand new laptop, I was ecstatic. I had saved for months to buy it, and now I had it open in front of me. When my phone rang, I reached for it without thinking. I bumped my drink, spilling grape juice all over the laptop. From that moment on, I've been using a Minnie sippy while I work.
Bridgett woke up. She didn't have time to eat. She pulled out bread. She put it in the oven. She ate toast.
Chrissy put on a shiny leotard. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail. Chrissy drove to the gymnasium. She checked in with her coach. Chrissy went on the floor mats to do her gymnastics routine.
There was a bunny on a hill. It ate the grasses and jumped around. The hunter saw the bunny from 70 yards away. He pulled up his rifle and aimed at the bunny. The hunter had a new hat for winter.
When making a turn into the plaza, I found a Taco Bell. Since I was hungry, I decided to go through the drive-thru. I placed an order for a set of soft tacos. I heard a lady's voice over the intercom. She said that the place was out of tacos.
I had a big project due last week. I had been working on it for months. The night before it was due I stayed up all night finishing it. When I was done I was really proud of it. I got an A on my project.
I had a Skype meeting with my professor today. I felt extremely anxious beforehand because I don't like to Skype. Luckily, it was only a 3 minute call. It was still weird that we were video chatting each other. It was awkward hanging up too.
Jill got a new camera and was testing it out with her friends. They all performed funny poses in it and enjoyed themselves. Later when she was editing the photos she noticed that some were gone. Somehow they had ended up sent to the local paper! She called the paper and was able to get the embarrassing photos back.
Fred liked Tina. He wanted to ask her out on a date. Fred was very nervous. Ultimately he found the courage to ask her. Tina said yes.
Amy and Beth arrived at the theater to meet the rest their group. Amy was excited about seeing her crush Ray. For the first few minutes ray was nowhere to be seen. Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl. Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence.
My doctor told me to take my pills before sleeping tonight. When I came home, I started co complete my homework. Since it took a while, I wasn't focusing on anything else. I ended up sleeping without taking my pills. I woke up feeling nauseous.
Kelly had a spelling contest in school. She studied for weeks in preparation. Kelly was convinced she will get first place. She attended the contest and tried her best. Kelly ended up winning first place.
Alyssa liked to work as a waitress, but she had one bad client. He never gave her a tip and was always rude to her. To teach him a lesson, she brought his tea cold one day. He complained and said he would never come back. Alyssa smiled and went back to the kitchen.
Nate's brother had passed away recently. He planned a memorial for him. Everyone was very supportive and helpful to Nate. He appreciated it but the memorial was getting to be overwhelming. He ended up leaving to be alone with his thoughts.
The chair salesman came to town and set up a display. He put 100 chairs in a line on Main Street. He told a man to seat in each chair to try it out. The man told him that he loved the 40th chair the best. The salesman sold him the chair for $50.
With the new internship, Jamie was given their first task. Breaking down used moving boxes. It was so difficult, every box was covered in tape. Asking for help they received a box cutter. The box cutter made it so easy they were done in a hour.
Barb was married for 3 years. She dealt with verbal abuse from her spouse on a daily basis. She had convinced herself that it wasn't that big of a deal. Barb attended a counseling session and realized she was worth more. She filed a legal separation from her spouse.
Bob's dream house was too expensive for him to afford. He wasn't going to let that deter him. Bob got a second job and asked the loan officer to give him a chance. He worked extra hard and even picked up over time. Bob's effort and determination allowed him to get his dream home.
I went white water rafting. The adrenaline was pumping. We went over a massive waterfall. Which made me get flung out. I hit a rock and cried.
Georgia loved her dog Ralphie with all of her heart. One day, Georgia noticed that Ralphie was having trouble walking. She brought Ralphie into the vet who told her that Ralphie was sick. Georgia made the difficult decision to put Ralphie to sleep. Though it was very sad, it was the right thing for Georgia to do.
Jake was tired from work. He wanted to take a hot bath. He noticed his tub was really dirty. He didn't want to clean it. Jake decided to just take a shower instead.
Jennifer joined the Softball team this semester. She decided that she needed a lot of practice. The coach took his time with teaching her the basics. Jennifer really enjoyed all the practice sessions. Jennifer eventually became their top player.
One day Mrs Dozer went grocery shopping. She dropped some apples on the floor and they rolled away. A kind stranger helped her pick them up. She was flattered. The stranger was glad to help someone.
Lizzy liked to make jewelry. She gave all her friends and family her jewelry as gifts. She began to make extra jewelry pieces to sell. Lizzy started selling her jewelry on a website. She now makes more than half of her income from selling her jewelry.
Mom knew she would have me via Cesarean, the due date was December 25. She asked for surgery for December 2 as it's the cut off for school. An error was made and I was born on December 3. Before my Fifth birthday, she changed the day on my birth certificate. She knew, before meeting me, that she wanted me out of her hair!
Lee the cat wasn't feeling well. He sat around all day, didn't move very much. His owner, Ryan, took him to the vet. Lee had urinary tract infection! Lee was fixed by the vet and is now on special cat food.
Jenna signed up for an online class. She was highly confident that she can pass the class. However, she became lazy throughout the semester. Some of her online assignments became overdue. The teacher eventually dropped her out of class.
I was very tired today. I nearly fell asleep. Yet however I drank coffee. I decided to have a cup. I then got my energy back.
Tom invited Becky to lunch. At first Becky thought it was just as friends. Then she found out it was a date. However to her surprise, all his friends were there. Becky was disappointed because she thought it was one on one.
Ned lived in a quiet neighborhood without many kids. He always wished that there were more kids to play with outside. One day, he left his house and saw that a new family moved next door. He walked over and met a boy named Harry who was his same age. They spent the afternoon jumping on Harry's trampoline and had a ball!
Bob had just moved and had to go to a new school. He was nervous because he had no friends there. His mom encouraged him to make a new friend. At lunch Bob asked to sit with a classmate named Rob. Bob and Rob became instant friends.
Jack received a kitten on his 10th birthday. He named her Fez. Fez followed him around the house and slept with him every night. They were best buddies. Jack was sad to leave Fez at home when he left for college.
I drove to Saint Louis for the weekend. My car stopped working. I saw that the tank was empty. I had to walk to the gas station. I'll remember to pay more attention next time.
Jane often heard her friends talking about a Candy Crush game. Some had even said they were addicted to it. She had always though mobile games were a waste of time. Jane decided to get the app on her phone just to check it out. She quickly understood why people fell in love with the game.
Johnny was afraid to hold sparklers. He wanted to like the other kids. But he was afraid he'd get burned. So he watched his friends play with them. He hoped he would be brave enough next time.
Lucy was dog sitting for her friend Jennifer for a week. One morning Lucy lost Jennifer's dog in the backyard. Lucy panicked and ran all around the neighborhood calling for the dog. A few minutes later a stranger brought the dog back to Lucy. Lucy was relieved and decided not to tell Jennifer about it.
I wanted to check my latest work schedule. They post them on the company's website. I went online to look. They scheduled me to work on my unavailable days. It made me very angry.
Emma was looking up a private question. She accidentally sent the text to Facebook instead. Her embarrassing question was posted publicly. She rushed to delete the status as quickly as possible. Luckily, no one seemed to see it.
Dave gave an apology to his US friends on behalf of Canada. Mark and Ricky didn't listen to his apology though. They were typical Americans, and beat Dave up. Dave ran back to Canada. Dave brewed some coffee and watched moose while he planned revenge.
Sam was on a date with her boyfriend. Since he was broke for the week, she offered to pay for the food. However, she struggled paying bills a few days later. Her car bill was $90, the same amount she spent on the food. When her boyfriend asked if she wanted to hang out, she yelled at him.
Earl considered himself a night owl. He could never go to sleep at a proper time. He tried all sorts of methods. None of them worked. Eventually he got a night job instead.
Madison was getting ready for a state basketball game. She was nervous and afraid of losing. The team was depending on her skills and she knew that. Madison had decided to practice every night after school. Her practice paid off and she scored the winning points.
Jake bought an all-day pass on the city bus. He climbed aboard and rode from one stop to another. At each part of town, he disembarked and got off. There he explored the restaurants and architecture in that area. Jake was able to see a lot of new interesting things that way.
Todd was tired of losing in computer games. He went to the store to buy a mouse. He picked out a $100 gaming mouse. He plugged it into his computer afterwards. Todd was able to conquer all his opponents online.
Jill's boyfriend told her they needed to talk. Upon meeting with him, he broke some disappointing news. He told Jill that he didn't loved her anymore. Jill went home crying, and called her best friend. Her best friend came over and tried to cheer her up.
Alexis was looking for a new outfit at the mall. She was very picky and could never find anything. Finally she spotted the most amazing dress! She tried it on and it fit like a glove. Alexis wore it that night and felt amazing.
Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree. Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up. Kelly got excited to put the cute ornaments on the tree. Looking from a distance, the tree looked amazing. Kelly took a picture that would last a long time.
Steve was getting ready for a big show with his band. He was helping to carry their equipment to the stage. Suddenly he tripped and dropped his guitar. The neck snapped, leaving him without one for the show. Luckily someone was able to find a replacement just in time.
Dan wanted to build a swimming pool in his backyard. Dan hired a contractor to install a pool in his yard. However, Dan was met with bad news from his contractor. Dan was told his backyard was not deep enough to fit a in ground pool. Dan was not pleased that he could not have a pool in his yard.
She started a garden in early Spring. She turned the soil, feed the worms and planted seeds. She watered it all summer long. She weeded out the plants she didn't want. In the fall, she threw a party for her friends to feed them the veggies.
My daughter's neighborhood friend Debbie got married last November. They were good friends since they were twelve. My daughter came up from NYC to Brighton for the wedding. An hour ago Debbie announced she was pregnant. My daughter, who has a child, is thrilled.
Pam was playing volleyball at a work picnic. She had played in high school, so she was doing well. She dove for the ball, but landed on her knee funny. It hurt quite badly, so she decided to go to the doctor. Pam had dislocated her knee.
Chris likes to play video games. Yesterday he didn't go outside in the entire day. He was playing a game called Risk of Rain. His mother told him he couldn't play videogames today. So today Chris is going to play outside.
He saw the blast wave long before he felt it. Like some gigantic, living wall, it lurched forward. There was no stopping it, it leveled everything. Nothing stood in its path and survived. When it finally reached him, he too was turned to dust.
Joel walked from his apartment to a restaurant that was one mile away. Every step was tiring, and he constantly checked his watch. Having to wait at every stoplight frustrated him. But after he enjoyed his lunch, he happily walked home. He admired the beautiful trees and mountains that he ignored before.
James walked to the high school. He opened his old locker. It was the same combination. He took out the student's backpack. He took the money and ran.
Bill and Dawn were about to get married. Bill was waiting at the altar for quite a while. He sent his best man to find Dawn. His best man came back with bad news. Bill cried all that night.
I woke up in the middle of the night to rain pounding the roof. Even though the rain beat on the roof, I was able to fall back asleep. When I awoke in the morning, the rain had gone and it was very quiet. I rose from my bed and looked out the window. The rain had gone and left a beautiful blue sky.
The small orange cat was looking for a place to sleep. He jumped up onto a shelf where several paint cans were kept. As he jumped, he accidentally knocked over a paint can and spilled it. The cat jumped back down and landed in a puddle of blue paint. He ran up the stairs, leaving a trail of blue paw prints.
Tom was at a restaurant. He told them about his peanut allergy. They assured him it would not be an issue. Tom ordered his food without care. The staff was right in that he ran into no issues.
Marty took off on his motorcycle. It went very fast. The road was wet from the rain. He slid and fell. Luckily he fell into a pile of straw.
Lisa screamed loudly to attract the attention of her audience. It worked as every head in the room turned to look at her. She waved at everyone with a big smile. Until her mom came on the stage to retrieve her. Only then, did the conference resumed its normal pace.
Kim wanted to make steak and mushrooms for dinner. When she took out the mushrooms, she saw that they'd grown slimy. She was dubious, but decided to use them anyway. When they were cooked, they tasted just fine. Kim was glad she hadn't had to throw them away.
Tom couldn't afford the payments on his new car. He was really behind. They threatened to take it back. One day Tom noticed it was towed. They had repossessed it.
We went to the beach the other day. It was perfect weather. Unfortunately there was a long walk. We had to walk on wood chips. By the time we got there our feet were in pain .
Lucy's grandma was doing her hair after dying it. Her grandma put rollers in her long hair. Lucy had never seen foam rollers before. Grandma said the foam was soft so she could sleep on it. Grandma tied her hair in a scarf and went to sleep.
Rob's parents wouldn't buy Mortal Kombat. Rob asked his friend Jake to borrow his. Jake offered to trade him the game for another. Rob brought a game to school the next day to exchange. Rob played the game that night after his parents were asleep.
I found a new deodorant I really liked. The scent was light and delicate. I purchased it and headed to the checkout lane. I told the cashier how much I loved it. She laughed and said it was her favorite too.
Bob had been working very hard work. He was feeling a bit burnt out. His boss knew that he wasn't spending much time with his family. His boss gave Bob a vacation package to his destination of choice. Bob graciously thanked his boss for the generous act.
Mary cooked dinner for her family. Her son didn't want to eat. He asked for cookies later. Mary said he couldn't have cookies. Mary's son decided to eat what she cooked.
I was watching the news the other night. There was a very scary story about a war in another country. The news was very disturbing to me. They talked about it for a long time. I don't think I'll watch the news anymore.
Wesley had a science fair this week. His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks. His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts. Looking at the board was quite shocking. His project ended up winning second place!
John wanted to improve his health. He began reading online about health. He learned that eating some raw vegetables is good. He went shopping at the grocery store and bought raw vegetables. John felt his health improve soon after eating the vegetables.
Fred was having problems with his phone. It always sent too many messages. So it was rather annoying to him. His friend Stacy sent him a message. In return he got 20 messages back and was not happy.
I decided to go out shopping the night of Black Friday to get deals. I waited in a long line to be let into the store. All around me, people rushed in to get the best deals. I relentlessly looked, but there was nothing that caught my eye. I left empty, tired and disappointed.
Tom decided to visit Mexico. He heard there were a lot of great beaches there. When Tom got to Mexico he was very confused. He didn't seem to be able to understand what people were saying. Tom thought it was like they were speaking a whole other language.
Emily needed to fill out taxes for the first time. She had no idea how to fill everything out. She decided to consult her grandmother. Luckily, she was willing to help Emily through it. Emily's tax return went off without a single hitch.
James heard a sound. It was a robin outside his window. He watched the bird eat some bugs. The bird was startled and flew away. James hoped he would return.
Alicia needed a gift for her friend. She decided to make her some soaps. When she gave her the gift, her friend loved it. She thought it was thoughtful. Alicia decided to go into business for it.
One day Matthew was playing a game online. It stopped loading. He checked the internet connection and saw that it was out. He called the cable company. They arranged for a tech to come out and fix it for Matthew.
Dan took his son to the local carnival. The first ride they saw was the strawberry spinning cups. Since the ride was low-risk, they decided to try it out. His son unexpectedly threw up. Luckily, he felt better after a few minutes.
Ben waited and waited for his friend Sal to show up. They were meeting for lunch. Finally half an hour after Sal was suppose to arrive he called him. Sal was waiting at a different restaurant. Ben had made the mistake, so he drove to the other place to met Sal.
John went for a walk. He walked to the park. There was a guy mowing the lawn. He waved at John. John waved back.
Ken was at a restaurant. His food took a long time to cook. When it finally arrived it was half frozen. Ken complained but nobody really cared. Ken left a bad review and never returned.
Lucy was lying on her bed upset with her grandma. Her grandma wouldn't give her a ride to the video store. Lucy may have been being rude, but that was no reason to be mean. Lucy realized she may still be able to go if she apologized. Lucy dried her face and went to find her grandma.
The cop sat at his speed trap. A car came buy driving twenty miles over the speed limit. The cop chased the car. The car pulled over. The cop gave the owner a ticket for seven hundred dollars.
Mary was running late for work. She didn't check her gas gauge. Her car died on her on the freeway. She had run out of gas. Mary got to work even more late because of it.
At cub scout winter camp there were boy scouts in another cabin. One day we went over to the boy scout cabin. They had cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and alcohol. They were playing poker and cursing at each other. This was not how I expected boy scouts to behave.
Bob was an obese, dour old bachelor. He owned a small manufacturing company that he ran with an iron fist. At the company picnic, someone convinced him to go on a donkey ride. The sight of him swaying back and forth amused his employees. The humorous memory helped them cope with him going forward.
I love building a couch fort as a Kid. I like to pretend to be a king. Building a couch fort made my parents mad. However, I do it anyways. One of the most memorable things to do when I was a kid.
Lily was trying to fall asleep in bed. She felt something itchy and scratchy on her legs. Then she noticed crumbs sprinkled all over the mattress. She brushed everything clean and then laid down. Luckily, she felt clean and fresh and ready to sleep.
I wanted to put my hair in a ponytail. I looked for some rubber bands to use. I happened upon a small red bow in a drawer. It had white polka dots. I put it in my hair on top of the tail.
Ben always felt he could tell when his clients were guilty or not. His latest client gave him the impression of innocent. Ben showed the prosecution's case was full of holes. When the jury delivered a not guilty verdict, Ben was relieved. One week after the trial, his client confessed to really being guilty.
Tim was using his electric wheelchair. It ran out of batteries before he got back home. It was heavy for him to push. A kind stranger offered help. They pushed Tim for a good bit.
Three kids built a fort out of couch cushions. They played in it for hours. Eventually, their dad came and told them it was a zoning violation. He made them put the couch back together so he could watch football. The kids got the last laugh, though  they hid the remote.
Bob was looking at a VA foreclosure in Kansas. He went into the basement with the agent. They found six inches of water on the floor! The agent surmised the sump pump had been shut off. Bob wasn't sure he still wanted the house after that.
Skip was a lonely young man. He wasn't bad looking at all. He just didn't know how to talk to women. One day he got the courage to ask a woman out on a date. She agreed to the date with Skip.
My friends and I were running. I was behind the group. I sprinted to try to catch up. They all ran faster than me. I came in last place.
Alicia and Kimberly had just gotten married. On a sunny Sunday afternoon they took a walk. Down a street they never saw before they noticed a tiny park. In the park was a pond that they sat next to until it was dark. From then on they visited that park every Sunday they could.
Kelley wanted to go away. She thought about going to Australia. She brought along some friends. On the plane ride there she met someone. They ended up getting together.
Gina was at her grandma's in Illinois. She wanted to go home really badly. She missed talking to her friends. She even missed going to school. Her and her friends may have fought a lot, but they were like family.
Todd never believed identity theft could happen to him. He never shredded his mail, and he put his address on Facebook. Todd gave his social security number to anyone who asked. One day, Todd tried to use an ATM, but his account was empty. Suddenly, Todd regretted not being more careful.
Jane was asleep when a thunderstorm started outside. She didn't realize that the electricity went out. When she woke up it was 9 am. She was supposed to be to work by then! Jane had slept in because her alarm never went off.
I went to the store one day to return my rotten milk. The lady at the store  told me I could exchange it. I went to the back to try to get a new one. Unfortunately they did not have anymore. The lady at the store gave me my money back instead.
Tom was driving to work early in the morning. The sun was rising. He was facing it as he drove. Eventually it got too bright and blinded him. Tom ran into the car in front of him.
Amy loved to eat chili dogs even though they gave her gas. During Amy school day lunch break she ordered a chili dog. As Amy was eating the chili dog she felt gas forming in her tummy. Amy let out a loud belch in front of everyone in the cafeteria. Amy was embarrassed but finished her Chili dog.
Jim had just broken up with his girlfriend. It was a messy break-up with lots of fighting. Jim wished he could erase all his memories of her. However, he realized there were good times as well. He decided forgetting even the bad memories was not worth it.
Monica was worried about finding a good present for her best friend. She decided to visit some boutiques she had never been to. At the second shop, she found the most beautiful scarf. She knew her friend would love it, and was happy to see the price. She bought the scarf, and gave it to her friend, who loved it!
I had a math test tomorrow. I realized my calculator was broken. I couldn't buy a new one because the store was closed. I told my friend what happened. He decided to let me borrow his extra calculator!
George was a loving man. His wife left him for another man early in their marriage. Many years later she realized what a big mistake she had made. She begged for George to take her back. George accepted her apology and they were happily remarried.
The cowboy and the cow stand in the corral together. The two stare at each other. The cowboy has his rope. He wrestles the cow to the ground. Now the cow belongs to the cowboy.
George took out his pen. He wrote down the number. He was sure to remind his roommate that they had called. Days passed and george forgot. When the roommate asked about the number, George drew a blank.
Ralf fell off from his bike. He scraped his knee on the pavement. His knee started to bleed. He went inside to wash the wound. His mom found the ointment and bandaids.
My sister in law W stored some boxes in her sister K's house. K was the only sister with a house. K's husband demanded W take her boxes out. W mistakenly took a box of pipes owned by K's husband. W was so mad she threw the pipes into the garbage.
Jan had always been a trouble maker. When he finally decided to straighten up, he had trouble finding work. He managed to get a low paying job at his favorite video game company. Because he loved his work, he did well and was promoted within a year. Five years later, he heads a major division of the company.
Bob took his daughter Anna sledding for the first time. She was hesitant and afraid. But Bob sat behind her on the sled, and held her tight. Then he pushed them together down the hill. Anna screamed with joy as they raced downhill!
Kyle needed new pants. His mom decided to take him shopping. It was a three hour event. Kyle could not find any pants that fit. He finally found one pair and that was it.
Amy's car was getting old. One day she noticed an indentation on the driver's side floor. She took note of the indent, but did nothing about it. After 6 months the indentation was deep so Amy took it to a shop. The man at the car repair shop told Amy there was a hole in her floor.
My daughter and I wanted to pick apples at a farm. We drove to the farm and walked out to the orchard. We picked two baskets of stunning red apples. We paid and went home. For the next week, we ate and cooked our wonderful apples.
Peter went to bed really early last night. He was really glad to have that happen. He got to wake up early this morning. He got up so early that he was able to get all his work done at noon. Now Peter has the rest of the day off.
Lisa and Lexi were shopping for clothes at the mall. But Lisa wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes. Lexi began to feel uncomfortable inside the store. And she felt strange when Lisa brought goth clothing items. Lexi thought Lisa was too weird to hang around with anymore.
Alex stood at the base of the tree and looked up into the branches. He reached for one limb and started to climb. Halfway up the tree, he inched out onto one particular limb. The kite dangled on the end and he dragged it closer. His friends cheered when Alex safely retrieved the kite.
Ally's parents didn't want her to smoke. She would smoke when she would go out with her friends. Ally smelled like smoke when she came in. Her parents asked if Ally was smoking. Ally lied, but her parents knew the truth.
My wife took the car in for service today. The car needed an axle seal, costing $236. Our son contacted another mechanic who said he could do it for $70. Later, the mechanic was unsure if he could do it. We stuck with the first mechanic.
Kia's classmate stole her lunch one day. Kia saw the thief in action. She went and told the teacher. The teacher made the other student return Kia's lunch. She even made the boy apologize to Kia!
Finley was my puppy. He wasn't very well trained. One day he stood by the door whining. He caught my attention to let him out, but it was too late. Finley had peed right there by the door.
Gina and her family had been at her uncle's house most of the day. There hadn't been much to eat there. Gina was now hungry. She went to the kitchen to find something to eat. Her sisters and brother all followed her to find food as well.
Jerry had to work overtime on a Friday night. He was really disappointed that he would miss his wife's dinner. He texted his wife telling her that he had to work. Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home. Jerry had to eat microwaved leftovers for his dinner.
Sam was washing the dishes. Suddenly, he noticed a puddle on the floor. He tried to find the source of the water. Then, he realized it was a leaking pipe. Using a tool, he was able to fix it.
The people were waiting for their flight. The got to board the plane. They buckled up and waited for take off. They were all excited to get to their destination. The pilot announced that they were ready to go.
Kerry wanted to get a pet. She decided to get a bird. Kerry bought a beautiful blue bird. It sang a nice song. Kerry was happy to have a pet.
A man was low on money, but needed to eat very badly. He had to figure out a way to eat without spending all that he had. For weeks, the man was able to eat free chips, sauce, and bread. Soon the restaurants caught on to his plan, and stopped serving him. One diner offered him a job though, solving his money problem!
Tommy noticed a pipe was leaking a little bit. He went upstairs that night and took a shower. When he came down later, he noticed a water spot on the ceiling. He didn't know what to do, so he ignored it. The next day, the ceiling came crashing down!
Dan was in 2nd place in the final lap of a car race. He noticed the man in 1st had a wobbly back left wheel. On the next turn, Dan slammed on the gas and got closer. He gently rammed the rear of the other racer's car. The wobbly tire flew out and the man in 1st spun out.
Anita was hesitant to join facebook. She is older and not sure how this would add to her life. She joined and began to add friends slowly. She has learned to post and add pictures a little at a time. She now has reconnected with many of her extended family.
Anna's family was not wealthy. Anna often could not get things she wanted, like new shoes. But then her class studied poverty in Africa. Anna was struck by how lucky she was by comparison. She vowed never to whine about her lot in life again!
Me and my friends from school went on a skiing trip. The signs said to stay on the trails, but we had other plans in mind. As I was disobeying the rules, the ground suddenly gave way. I sank down into a half frozen stream, buried under the snow. I pushed away the snow but the scars left me with a valuable lesson.
Matt was told by a close friend that his breath was bad. Matt was embarrassed about his bad breath. He decided to brush and floss more regularly. The brushing and flossing did not improve Matt's breath. He decided to go to his dentist to see what the problem was.
Mary wanted to learn how to draw. She bought art supplies and practiced every day. She eventually became very good at drawing. She utilized her skill to draw cartoons. Mary got a job at a movie studio for animating cartoons.
Kate was in the bathroom. There was a baby centipede on the floor near her foot. She contemplated killing the creature. But it looked helpless since it was so small. Kate decided to let the baby live after all.
Emily studies hard to be a physicist. She is very passionate and excited about her field. She networks with many people and aims to get a job. Emily gets an offer from an old professor. Her hard work paid off.
Jordan loved to watch the TV. One day, the TV stopped working. Jordan rushed to the store. The TV was completely broken so Jordan bought a new one. Now, Jordan has a new TV that is very big.
The man reclined his chair. It took the passenger's leg room. The passenger complained. The man refused to move. The passenger got out of the car.
Lucy tried out for the cheerleading squad. She did not make the team this year. The coach told her she needed to memorize the cheers to make the team. Lucy practicing memorizing the cheers all winter long. The next summer she tried out again and made the team.
Jake owned a barn behind his house. A strong storm passed through. The barn had a great deal of damage. Jake didn't have insurance on the barn. He began to repair the barn himself the next day.
Frank wanted a new controller for his game console. He found the controller online and ordered it. After waiting a week, the package arrived in the mail. When he opened it up, it was the wrong item. Frank sent the package back and received a refund.
Jordan was driving on the highway. Suddenly, a cop turned their lights on. Jordan was so nervous. The cop came to her window. She ended up getting a ticket.
Randy was a hard working man. He had 6 boys that he raised. Randy was reaching retirement. One day Randy's son asked for money. Randy laughed at the boy and hung up the phone.
Francisco wants to be ready for his sister's upcoming birthday. He decides that it will be special to bake her a cake. He gathers ingredients and studies the recipe. Finally he bakes a delicious cake for his sister. Francisco is so happy he was ready for his sister's birthday.
Betty was forced to play a tree. It was for her school play. She wanted the lead part. Betty made funny faces every time the lead would speak. The theater director punished Betty with bathroom cleaning duties.
Tommy caught the past with only seconds left on the clock. The team was behind two points and he had to score or they would lose. He knew he didn't time to get in close so he took a shot at half court As the ball flew from his hands, the stadium was practically silent. The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net.
Vivian planted lots of bushes in the yard. She lined the sidewalk with a rose bush. When her kids ran by, the thorns would poke them. Vivian decided to transplant them. She got pricked a lot but finally got them moved!
I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile. I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself. After taking the picture, I noticed that I had a lot of acne. I uploaded the picture to photoshop and cut the acne out of my face. After touching up the picture, I uploaded it to my facebook profile.
Skip was at the county fair one summer day. He suddenly spotted a girl. She had long brown hair and green eyes. Skip decided to go on the same ride with her. Skip and Mary fell into a summer romance.
Bobby hadn't checked under his bed in quite some time. It was time to clean his room so he looked under it. As well as shoes he found something big and fluffy. At first he wasn't sure what it was. Then he realized it was the biggest dust bunny he'd ever seen.
Ryan wanted to have a poker game with his friends. Ryan did not know how to play poker. Ryan bought books on the subject of poker and studied them daily. Ryan began practicing playing poker online playing against others. Ryan held a poker game with his friends and had a great time.
Ron tried to start his car. It wouldn't turn over. He knew he had enough gas. He asked a friend for a jump start. That got it going because his battery was dead.
Liz made some homemade chili. After tasting it she decided it needed to be spicier. She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot. She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet. She looked at the bottle and realized she accidentally added cinnamon.
Sam needed a new pair of headphones. Unfortunately, they couldn't spare the cash for a pair. Then, they found an old and valuable video game in their closet! Sam sold the game for a lot of money. Finally, Sam was able to buy the new headphones they needed.
Sue was making a vanilla cake. She was measuring all the ingredients. She accidentally spilled half the bottle of vanilla in the mix. She had to cook it anyway. Sue's cake tasted awful.
When Joy turned 1, her mom took her grocery shopping. Instead of the stroller, Joy got to sit in the cart's bucket seat. She squealed whenever they turned a corner. She examined every box and package Joy's mom put in the cart. Joy couldn't wait to go back and do it again.
Will was reluctant to order groceries online. But one of his friends recommended it. He found a website that let him order groceries from a local store. And within an hour, Will's groceries were delivered to his house. Will decided to only shop online from then on.
Nancy loved spending her Saturdays going to garage sales. She especially liked finding and buying old books. She wondered if she had too many, however. Her brother helped her put up several shelf units in her house. She decided she hadn't had too many books, just not enough shelves.
Ben tried to talk to a girl at the bar. He sat on same table. She became disgusted when he was trying to flirt with her. Therefore, she got up and left. Ben simply placed his head down.
Mary got a kitten last Saturday. But it started to claw at everything. Mary had to spend thirty dollars for a huge scratching post. Now her kitten has an outlet for scratching. But Mary is finding her new cat to be very expensive.
Today my radio quit working. I decided to fix it myself. I was unable to get the radio to work. I decided to buy a new radio. I threw my old radio away.
The family took a long road trip. They drove into Canada to see some mountains. As they crossed the border, they saw beautiful scenery in the distance. They drove straight for the tallest peak. They were excited to explore nature!
Mia does usually get good grades in school. She has a very important test coming up. Her parents said they would give her 20 dollars if she gets an A. Mia studied very hard for the test. She ended up getting an A and 20 dollars.
My friend Kelly and her husband just bought a home in Westford. It was their first house and they were excited. Kelley told me later she was shocked to hear they overpaid by $30K. Her neighbors said the seller had the house on the market for less. Kelley still loves the house but is bitter.
My husband and I live in a small town not far from Reno. We are big fans of the musician Boz Skaggs and have seen him a lot. Last spring we traveled to Reno to see him, again. At our table for the concert sat three other couples. To our amazement those couples live three blocks away from us.
John read a book that changed his life. He began voraciously reading after this. He learn he can live a thousand lives by reading a thousand books. He soaked up a lot of wisdom. He grew as a person, and became fulfilled and happy.
It was a dreary day. All of a sudden, the sun came out. It felt so good! Everyone came outside to enjoy the weather. Then the sun dipped behind the clouds again.
Phil was playing frisbee with his dog. Phil accidentally threw it into a tree. His dog somehow brought him a ball to hit it down. Phil managed to get his frisbee. Although he has his Frisbee, Phil realised someone now lost their ball.
My dream school was Villanova University. I applied during my senior year of high school. After waiting a couple months for the result, I was accepted! My parents were so proud of me! In August, I went to Villanova and started my college life!
Alice had a bad cough at school. She would cough so much is would interrupt class. She was asked if she wants a cough drop. She said yes and put it in her mouth. They had to call 911 because she choked on the cough drop.
My mother called back several times. She tried to make me feel as guilty as possible. I finally picked up, and told her I was sick of the guilt trips. I confronted her about all of the abuse. She maintained that none of her actions were her own fault.
Sandy was planning a vacation for her and her husband. Airfare was so expensive. Then she remembered that she had tons of flier miles. She checked on the amount and was amazed. She had more than enough for this trip to be free.
Ana had left her phone on the bus. To make matters worse, a man was following her. She screamed when the man caught up to her and touched her shoulder. He held out her cell phone with a smile. She breathed a sigh of relief and thanked him.
I had an intense craving for candy. I wanted something sour. I found a box of sour patch kids. I sat down on the couch with some popcorn. I ate popcorn and sour patch kids while watching movies.
Sam needed to pay his rent. He had forgotten to pay last week. He went to his landlord's apartment. He deposited a check. He apologized for paying the rent late.
Tom wanted to have fun outdoors. He loved racing cars. He decided to contact an ATV rental business. He rented an all-terrain vehicle. He had fun outdoors racing the four wheeler.
The Henning family went to the Black Hills every summer. They packed up their bags. They began the 7 hour journey in the car. They sang and laughed the whole way. The arrived safely at their home for the week.
Neil was traveling in Vietnam. He took a train into Saigon. There, he visited a war memorial and a museum. He loved learning about Saigon's history. he had a great time on his educational trip.
Fred worked for five years at an iron foundry. He was moving to a new company for higher pay. Just as he had his last day the iron foundry raised its pay. Fred felt cheated and stormed off. Fred ended up working for slightly less than what his old job payed.
Zee loved her cellphone and took it everywhere with her. One day Zee was asked out to dinner. Zee took her phone in the bathroom with her to get ready. Her phone fell in the toilet while she was putting on her makeup. Zee was sad the rest of the night.
Chad had just planted his garden. A storm passed over his region. It rained a lot on Chad's property. His garden held a lot of water. Chad had to replant his garden.
Julie was out in the cold shoveling snow. She knew it wasn't good but she had to go to work. Julie got to work and started to cough. She tried to power through the day. Julie got home and came down with a full blown cold.
Andrew needed money for a video game. His friend offered Andrew sixty dollars to mow his lawn. Andrew mowed his friends lawn. He got the sixty dollars. He loved his new video games.
Dale gathered wood for a campfire. He put the wood on the ground. His friend chopped the wood. Then his friend told Dale to start the fire. Dave started the fire for everyone.
Tom didn't do any of his homework. The weatherman said it was going to snow. Tom figured they would cancel classes. The next day it snowed and they cancelled classes. Tom spent all day avoiding homework again.
The clock chimed every half hour and louder on the hour. It never seemed to wake anyone up at night. Everyone got accustomed to the chimes and slept on. One night, the clock stopped. Everyone woke up and could not get back to sleep.
I drove to a nearby ATM. I placed my card inside of the machine. However, the card couldn't come out. Eventually, a mechanic had to open up the machine. He managed to pull it out after an hour.
Kate was going on a trip out of town. And she had overstuffed her luggage. She was pulling and pulling but the zipper wouldn't close. She sat on the suitcase and tugged hard at the zipper. She was shocked when the zipper pull broke off in her hands.
Gina and her sister were viewing her grandpa's body. He looked gray and bloated under all the makeup. Gina only looked at his face for a second. She spent the rest of the time staring at his tie. She was having a hard time dealing with his death.
Rosie was feeling bored in life. She wanted something to change up the boringness. She decided to dye her blond hair purple just for fun. Surprisingly, everyone loved it and complimented her. Rosie's new look was just what she needed.
Kate and her nephew were playing a zombie video game. At first Kate only played so her nephew had some company. But after awhile she was enjoying the game herself. Kate her nephew ended up spending hours playing the game. By the end of the day Kate was hooked on the video game.
Pedro's dad is bald because he had chemotherapy to treat his cancer. Pedro did not want his dad to feel bad because he had no hair. Pedro decided he would shave his head too. Pedro's mom helped Pedro shave his head bald. Now Pedro and his dad look even more alike.
Eric spent his mornings watching scuba diving videos. He decided he wanted to learn how to scuba dive. Eric signed up for a local scuba diving course. He spent the next few weeks learning different procedures. Eric passed his scuba diving test!
Tim loved Halloween. He would go to every haunted house he could find. None of them usually scared them. There was one that was over the top and creepy. He returned to that one most.
Tom really liked the idea of being watched all the time. He pushed for his city to have cameras everywhere. After they were all installed, one caught Tom doing something silly. It became a meme all over the Internet. Tom has reconsidered his position on the benefits of the cameras.
Debbie was never one for cooking. It was just not something that ever learned to do. She watched her husband eating her awful burnt food. Although he never complained, he grimaced every other bite. The next morning, she signed up for a cooking class.
Yesterday I sat in my chair. To my surprise it broke right in front of me. I was very disappointed. I couldn't believe it broke. But thankfully I was able to get it fixed.
Kia was at a party when her friend pulled out a bottle of liquor. They were all teens, so Kia was nervous. She didn't drink even when everyone else got loud and raucous. When the noise got too bad, a neighbor called the police. Soon several cops had busted the party!
Marcy was building a gingerbread house. She baked all of the walls and roof first. Then, she stuck them together with icing. Finally, she decorated it all with candy. Then, she put it on the table to display it.
One winter it snowed very hard. My cousin was over and we wanted a snack. He asked if I ever made ice cream from snow ? We went outside to get the snow. He showed me how to make it, and it was delicious !
I was walking down the road one day. Headed to a friends house to play some games. I heard something following me. When i looked back i could see nothing. I always get scared when i remember that day.
Xena played the marimba. She was known to play very hard. The caused the marimba bars to wear away quickly. It cost her a lot to replace the bars. She switched to xylophone, which has metal bars.
Abby will graduate next year with a degree in English. However, she sometimes wants to know more about science. She decides to enroll in an introductory Chemistry course. Abby finds the class interesting, but very difficult. After graduation, Abby remembers her Chemistry course fondly.
Julia was at the grocery store. She asked the man at the meat counter about some steak. He helped her pick a great steak out. Then he offered her some free seasonings. She thanked him.
Travis aspired to be a computer programmer. He was older than many people learning to code, but he was dedicated. He began by learning java and then learned many other languages. Eventually he was a good enough programmer to be hired for a job. Travis looked back with satisfaction at how far he had come.
Miss weatherby was the teacher at the small country school. She decided to take a leave of absence but nobody knew why. She returned nine months later with a child. Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy. She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there.
Aason had always wanted to be like his role model Tony Stark. He began to think becoming an electrical engineer was unobtainable. Fortunately Tony heard of Aason admiration for him. So Tony got in touch with him and offered to be his mentor. Now Aason is among the best electrical engineers in the world.
Derek has always been a fan of tennis. He grew up watching it and loved playing it. In high school he worked hard to be on the varsity team. When college rolled around he joined his college's team. Now he is teaching his kids to love the sport too.
Julius Erving was a legendary basketball player. His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA. When the ABA folded, he ended up with the NBA's Philadelphia Sixers. He led The Sixers to the NBA finals several times. The Sixers won the championship in 1984 and Dr J was the reason why.
I went to New York City to sing last year. I went to Central Park to get some nice pictures. On they way back, I saw a street market. I was so engrossed in the market, I got lost. I had to walk many extra blocks to get back to my hotel!
Monday night my wife and I had dinner. She ordered dessert and coffee. We went home and watched tv. She could not sleep well that night. She said she was not going to drink coffee that late again.
Tyson was smoking a cigarette. When he was finished, he threw the cigarette in the trashcan. Tyson soon smelled a strange smell. It was coming from the trash can. The cigarette was burning the trash bag.
Kristen invited the girls to her beach house on the water. When the girls arrived, they we're not happy. They saw that Kristen put them up in tiny twin beds. Not to mention they all had to share rooms. Truth be told, the girls were not happy.
My wife's coworkers A and B never got along. Yesterday A had to run a backup. She needed to use B's computer. B was angry at A and swore at her. They yelled at each other for an hour!
Doug's wife made two dozen cookies. She told Doug that he could only eat three of the cookies. Doug ate three cookies after dinner. Then Doug woke up after midnight and are the rest of the cookies. Doug's wife was angry the he disobeyed her.
Tom had bought groceries. He got some soda. On the way home he accidentally dropped it. Tom didn't tell anyone about it. The next day someone else got soaked opening it up.
My wife likes to have a drink on Friday night. She usually has wine. Today she bought some ginger ale. She mixed it with some cinnamon whiskey. She said it was a good change of pace.
Andrew decided to propose to Liz. He wanted to take her to dinner on Valentine's day. He made reservations at their favorite restaurant. When they arrived he proposed to Liz. She happily said yes and the restaurant cheered.
Tula thought she was a good driver One day, Tula went into a parking garage. When it was time to leave she hit a large pole. Her truck got a huge dent in it. Tula's confidence in her driving abilities was shattered.
Levi is one year old. He likes to throw things. Last week he broke the TV. He also threw a cup and gave his sister a bump on her head. Levi was in a lot of trouble that week!
Ray began taking medication for his anxiety. And he noticed that his mood was much better. But he became addicted to the pills. And he became even more anxious when he didn't have them. Ray began taking new medication for his addiction.
Hank had a grandfather. Hank's grandfather had a two-dollar bill that was lucky. When Hank turned twenty, his father gave him the bill. Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs. Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it.
My wife is an Archie comics fan. She has been looking at Archie dolls on ebay. One seller posted several photos of dolls. Most of them were blurry. After my wife noted this, the seller posted five clear photos.
Margaret was trying to buy lighters. The clerk asked her for her ID. After rummaging around for a minute, she realized she'd forgotten it. She had to go all the way home and retrieve it. Then, she was able to buy her lighters.
Diana's tooth fell out. She placed it under her pillow before going to sleep. In the middle of the night, I placed a dollar under the pillow. She woke up and removed her pillow. She was extremely excited.
Tom was painting with his favorite color. His favorite color was green. Unfortunately, he ran out of green. He was very sad. He then mixed yellow and blue to get all of the green he needed.
Charles has a math test tomorrow. He has not studied. He decided to go out instead of study. When he got home he tried to study but fell asleep. Charles did not do well on his test.
Kim saw that the local store was having a sale. She got dressed and made a list. She was hoping it wouldn't be busy. When she got there the shelves were empty. She left feeling frustrated and went home empty-handed.
Neil took a bus up to the ancient Acropolis. He stepped off the bus and gaped, open-mouthed. The Acropolis was much bigger than he had expected! He was impressed and amazed. He took many photos to remember the Acropolis forever!
Yesterday I had to make a homemade diaper for the baby. I didn't realize that all of the diapers were gone. My car was on the shop so I couldn't go to the store. I did some research and I found Do It Yourself instructions online. So I made the baby a newspaper diaper and surprisingly it held up.
I found a couple baby turtles. I put them in a box. I kept them for an hour. Then I let them go. They were so tiny.
Trachtoum was a poor security guard. One day he let a burglar get into the store. The burglar stole most of the money from the safe. Trachtoum was summarily fired. Now he plays piano at a bar.
When they were younger they went to Vermont for vacation. They visited local Maple syrup farms. They stopped to see how cheese was made. But their favorite part was stopping at Ben and Jerry's. They got to tour the facility and get samples at the end.
Karen went to a highly rated restaurant. She ordered some soup. While she ate her soup, she noticed something floating in it. She screamed when she realized it was a cockroach. She complained and never went back there again.
Fiona was at work filling her mug with coffee. Suddenly she began smelling smoke in the toaster. Before she knew it a fire had burst out in the kitchen. The whole office evacuated and emergency people came in. Luckily the office was saved before anything important burned.
Tom was looking forward to his upcoming holiday. He was debating which kind of vacation to take. He narrowed it down to three options. The three options were traveling by plane, sea, or land. He decided to take a cruise to Alaska.
Mary had been saving her lunch money for months. She was entranced by ballerinas and wanted her own pair of slippers. Mary asked her mother to buy them for her with the money she'd saved. Mary's mother was so proud she bought the slippers for her. Mary decided to donate her money to a local homeless shelter.
They rented a truck to head to Ikea. They arrived at the store and did their shopping. When they were done Brian went to get the truck. He couldn't get it to start. He finally figured it out and they were able to go home.
Jeremy had never baked cookies before. He wanted to try to make Christmas cookies. Jeremy followed the recipe exactly. The cookies still turned out horribly. Jeremy will never try to bake again.
Today was Jack's last day at work. He was finally retiring after 30 years of service. Fellow coworkers at the office were sad to see him go. Jack was happy and ready to receive his new life with open arms. He would be remembered for many years to come.
I could not afford to pay my rent. I decided to rob a store to get the money. I held the store clerk at gunpoint and demanded some cash. The clerk emptied the cash drawer into my bag. I was able to pay my rent but I was arrested shortly thereafter.
Tiffani had been single for months. She decided to meet a guy on Tinder. They met for dinner that night. They hit it off! They are going out again this weekend.
Jess' cat was acting very strange. He wouldn't stop scratching and rolling around. Jess thought it was fleas so took him to the vets. The vet had a look but couldn't find any fleas. After further tests, the vet figured that he was allergic to his food.
I went to the Lost and Found department to see if they had my bag. They asked me for a description of my bag. I told them what it looked like, but they didn't have it there. Then I found my bag at my friend's house. I must have left it there last week and forgotten.
Will was buying groceries. He got a cart full of things. After waiting in line he was finally checked out. When it came time to pay Will realized he forgot his wallet. He had to leave the store with no groceries.
Ian loved to watch basketball games on TV. Ian decided to learn how to play basketball. Playing basketball was a lot harder than watching it. Ian practiced every day. Eventually, Ian became so good that he joined a local basketball team.
Every year, Nell's mom planted a big garden. At tomato harvest time, Nell had to help pick the ripe ones. Then, Nell had to help can tomatoes. Nell's mom asked her to take the leftover tomatoes to the neighbors. Instead, Nell went outside and smashed every tomato.
Angel had taken a big test recently. Today was the day they posted the scores. Angel was worried that he had done a really bad job. He checked his score, and it was actually very good. He was so proud, he bought a soda to celebrate.
Victor loved to work out at the gym. As much as he liked to work out he hated cardio. One day he decided to dedicate one day a week to the treadmill. Victor eventually loved to run. He is now running in a marathon.
We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013. In 1992, two brothers in their 20s lived on the third floor. They were friendly but drank a lot. One night the younger brother fell from the porch. Luckily, he only broke his arm.
Tommy was so excited to start his first day of school. The night before he packed his lunch and laid out his clothes. He prepared all of his school supplies. He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat. Tommy missed his first day of school.
Katy hated her little brother. She always thought her parents liked him more. She decided to run away one day. Her parents found her crying a block away. They took her home and she never ran away again.
Today was Laura's piano recital and she was very nervous for it. She trembled in fear as she went on the stage to play her pieces. The audience smiled as she started her first piece. To her surprise it was not as scary as she thought it would be. Laura took a bow and the crowd went wild.
We had a special needs person working as a mail clerk. One day the meter machine jammed. She was trying to fix it with a letter opener. When her boss asked her to stop she threatened him with the tool. Security had to remove her.
Haley was baking an intricate pie for dinner. It had leaves on the pie crust she had carved herself. As she was walking she suddenly tripped. Her pie fell and smashed into the ground ruining it. Luckily Haley had made a few back ups.
Ron had just switched from freelancing to working in an office. He was nervous about the new lifestyle change. At first he had a hard time adjusting and he even almost quit. Luckily he stuck it out and in a few weeks he felt better. He started to enjoy his job a lot over time.
Joe was walking down the street minding his own business. All of a sudden a police officer was grabbing him. The officer said he matched the description of a bank robber! Joe knew it was a mistake but was still afraid. Fortunately he had an alibi for the time of the crime so was let go.
Mike was walking home from school. While walking he sees two people arguing. He can't take his eyes off the couple. They begin to push and fight. Then the man pulled out a gun and shot the woman and mike saw it all.
Lydia wanted to be first in everything. She was not happy with coming in second place for the spelling bee. She spent a three days in her room crying about it. Around the fourth day Lydia got over coming in second place. She accepted that she can't be first at everything.
Jesse wanted to be the next chef at his work. There was already a chef there. He waited for the chef to leave. He applied for the chef position. He was denied the position.
My friend invited me to a group chat with several cancer patients. Although I was a few years older than them, I still went. I talked to them about my former experience as a cancer patient. Most of them were interested to hear about my story. In addition, I got to know some of them before leaving.
A pilot flew his plane in a nearly cloudless sky. A strong wind blew a cloud in front of his path. The pilot panicked and dove to avoid the cloud. He did not evade the cloud and flew through it. The pilot emerged on the other side and kept flying.
We went to the new restaurant. The appetizer was chicken fried bacon. We decided we had to try it. It came out exactly as we imagined. We also tried the chicken fried ribs.
We were all hanging out in the park. Stacy wanted to play catch. So I played catch with her. All the sudden the ball went in the fountain. It got all wet and dirty.
Tommy saw his friend playing with a dog. He decided to ask his mother if he could have a dog too. Tommy's mother and father discussed the idea. After speaking to Tommy about caring for a dog, they adopted a dog. Now Tommy is happy to care for and play with his dog every day.
Carlos got a new book. He started to read it. He wanted to read only a hundred pages. Carlos ended up reading the whole day. He finished the book in a whole day.
Frank was an entrepreneur. He wanted to start his own business. He decided a consulting firm would be the way to go. He set up his office and printed business cards. Then he realized that he had no clients!
Melville's farm was just on the brink of being successful. One night, it started to rainy. It rained for two weeks straight. Melville's crops had been washed away and destroyed. Melville put his hat in his hands and cried.
On a bright day, Mike looked at the sun. His eyes began to hurt immediately. He thought why this might happen. Instead, he looked to the sides of the bright sun. Now, he could enjoy the light while staying safe.
Kayla was going to a party. She needed to buy a present. However, Kayla did not have any extra money. She decided to get creative and make something. Kayla's present ended up being the best one at the party.
Tim wanted blonde streaks in his hair. He bought a box of dye and applied it. But when he rinsed it out, he was disappointed. The streaks were pale and patchy. Tim realized he should've let a professional streak his hair!
Billy thought his girlfriend was cheating on him. He would catch her on the phone with another person. He wanted to catch her in the act. He came home early from work one day. There was another man in her house.
Tom loved the supernatural. He started a group of ghost hunters. They bought cameras and equipment online. They never found anything but had lots of fun. Tom still does it in his spare time.
Toby was a fisherman. While he was out fishing, a storm came up. He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro. Soon the storm passed, and Toby saw everything on the deck was safe. He was so relieved to have made it through the storm.
Andrew was angry at the things Grant had said about him. He spoke to his lawyer about the situation. The lawyer said that there was little they could do. He told Andrew to get tougher skin. Andrew tried not to let things bother him as much.
Greg was a bright young man with a whole life ahead of him. Until one day he got some Bad News. He found out he had cancer and was terminal. He decided he was going to do one last thing before he died. He decided to invest all of his college money to a charity in Africa.
Today was Mary's sister's birthday. Mary had only realized this thanks to Facebook. Mary quickly set out to buy a card at the store. But they were out of birthday cards! Mary gave her a thank you card instead.
The kids were so excited to go to the amusement park! They immediately ran to the scariest ride. They rode everything in the park. Their favorite ride had a huge drop at the end. The daredevils couldn't wait to go back again.
I looked at both flavors of donuts. It was difficult to choose. One was crunch and the other cinnamon. I was in the mood for both. I bought mini versions of both flavors.
Patrick was bright and got accepted to all the colleges he applied to. He narrowed his choice down to Yale and UCLA. He couldn't decide between the two so he asked his counselor. His counselor gave him the pros and cons of each university. Robert decided to go to UCLA because it was close to his family.
Bob likes to play video games. He is a very competitive person. When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it. Bob's family wishes that he did not play so many games. Bob often misses things because he would rather be playing games.
Sarah and her friends went to get some Frozen Yogurt. Sarah was almost scared by the amount of options given there. She had a lot of trouble picking out of two outfits today. After trying every flavor possible she still couldn't choose. She tried so many flavors she was now full off of free yogurt.
Kim was trying to watch television. Her remotes stopped working. She needed to replace the batteries. Kim looked everywhere for new ones without any luck. She had to stand up to change channels instead.
Andrew was happy to get a job offer. The offer was in his hometown but did not pay very much. He really wanted to wait for the results of another interview. He had to make a decision on the offer by the end of the day. He decided to take the offer instead of waiting.
When I first began to pursue God I was really broken. I didn't feel loved by God and like I didn't matter. One day a friend and I went to a conference. At the conference they had prophetic words and one was about me. They talked about His love for me which restored my faith in His love.
Abby had to go out of town for a few days on business. She left her 17 year old son, Mitch, home alone. During her entire trip, she was worried about Mitch. When Abby made returned home, she found Mitch passed out on the sofa. He told Abby and a doctor he'd played a game non stop for four days.
Bill was walking up the steps and texting at the same time. Suddenly Bill tripped. Bill's phone went flying and landed on the floor with a loud thud. When he picked it up the screen was smashed. The next day Bill bought a new phone.
The man went to the parking garage. There were no parking spots open. He went to the paying station to leave. They tried to charge him four dollars. He refused to pay the money.
There's a lonely place on an island called Swamp Taro. Swamp Taro is swarming with bees. Sandy thought she could visit for photographs. Unfortunately, she got stung many times. Never did she return.
Mary couldn't find her car keys. She looked everywhere in her house. Mary called her husband. He told her he was able to bring the spare key. Mary found the key before her husband arrived.
Lewis had his first soccer game yesterday. He was very nervous. Thankfully his team did great. They won a shiny trophy. Lewis was thrilled.
I wanted freshly made, pure peanut butter. I went to a grocery store with a machine. I wasn't used to the machine so I read the directions. I turned on the machine. When it came time to turn it off, I couldn't until I got help.
Sean would beat his wife every day. One day, their neighbor realized what was happening. He called the cops. The cops arrested Sean and he was found guilty. His wife celebrated!
Greg was running for the title of president of his senior class. Greg and his friends made signs to put up all over the school. Unfortunately, Greg's opponent took down all the posters. He found them all in the trash the next day. As a result, his opponent was removed from the race and Greg won.
When Sue got an angel figurine gift, she thought it was precious. She started buying angel figurines whenever she saw them. Friends and family began giving Sue angels for every occasion. One day, Sue noticed angels gathering dust in every corner. She packed them in a box and set it on the curb.
Hank had the best grill in town. He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs. However, people became jealous of Hank and his grill. One night, some people stole his grill! Hank was devastated at the loss of his grill.
Janice saw a job posting on her company's website. The job pays almost double what she makes now. Although she didn't have all the qualifications, she applied for it. She impressed the manager at the interview. Janice starts her new job next week.
Vicki was driving an antique tractor. She was entering it in the parade. She would toss candy to the kids. They all liked seeing such an old tractor. Vicki was happy to take part in the community event.
Nicole was a freshman in college and did devious things. She had an idea, to start a fight between celebrities. Nicole mad a phony Jennifer Lopez Twitter account. Next, she tweeted something nasty about Kim, the television star. Kim responded on Twitter and the real Jennifer Lopez showed up.
Kyle needed a new shirt. His had been ripped on accident. He went to a store and grabbed one. Kyle had never gone shopping so fast. He was glad he went in the store and got out.
Jed was making a stew. He'd forgotten about the broken stove burner. Jed was caught off guard as the kitchen caught on fire. He watched the firemen try to save the rest of his house. Jed regretted he hadn't just had a bowl of cereal.
Ben took his daughter to the farmer's market. The two of them go every Saturday. They always buy their vegetables there. Ben has his daughter pick out the best tomatoes that she can find. After 45 minutes of shopping, the two head home to make lunch.
My wife was waiting for the elevator today. She heard kids rushing down the stairwell. She moved away from the door. A moment later, two young kids pushed the door open quickly. If my wife had not moved she would have been hit.
Hanna was really tired of spiders creeping in her house. She didn't like the idea of killing them either though. She heard that spiders hate eucalyptus oil. Hanna sprayed everywhere with an oil and water mixture. It seemed to stop them from wanting to come inside.
The jogger ran up the hill. He became out of breath. He slowed down to a walk. A car drove by the jogger. They stopped and asked if he was okay.
Daniel crept into the bedroom to check on his daughter. She was sleeping peacefully in her crib. He knew he should let her sleep, but he couldn't help himself. He tiptoed over and gave her a kiss. She opened her eyes and smiled at him, then went back to sleep.
The judges received Benny's food. The first judge gave a good comment on the food's creativity. However, the second judge said that it's too bland. Benny became mad and gave him a rude remark. As a result, the official disqualified Benny.
Niles was terrified of going home. Report cards had been received and he had failed! When he got home, his parents pounced. He was struck and berated. Niles vowed to do much better next semester!
My favorite binky said Daddy's Girl on the front. I used it all the time. I started chewing on the nipple like crazy. Eventually it started wearing down. It got a crack in the nipple.
One day, Alexis saw a bunny in her yard. She ran outside to see the bunny more closely. The bunny hopped away. The next time Alice saw the bunny, she was very still. She was able to watch the bunny for a long time.
Kathy loves to travel. She will read books to pick a destination. With the spot chosen the detailed planning begins. Everything is booked. The day arrives and the trip begins.
Yesterday Stephanie had to walk a long way to work. Her friend Sally told her she would give her a ride the next day. Sally pulled up at her house and called her. Stephanie had already started walking because she forgot about Sally. They laughed about the error and vowed to try to communicate better.
Nathan kept making noises in class with his pencil. Even though the teacher told him to stop, he didn't listen. Therefore, the teacher contacted the security guard. He came and told Nathan to get out. They had to lift him out since he didn't want to listen.
Our daughter lives in Queens. Our son is in Boston. He was in NYC this past weekend. He went to see his sister and his 2 year old niece. His niece is crazy about him but was shy that day.
Rose had been watching a fun reality tv show. She decided to invite her friends over for a finale party. That night, the party was underway. Suddenly, their television stopped working. They almost missed it, but luckily they were able to watch online.
My best pitch in baseball was my fastball. When I faced the other team's slugger, I got him to two strikes. Trying to strike him out, I gave him my best fastball. He hit it out of the stadium. Their slugger also knew what my best pitch was.
Tom had a messy girlfriend. He always had to clean up after her. He would constantly ask her to be cleaner. She never complied. Eventually it was too much and Tom dumped her.
Tom drove a motorcycle instead of a car. He thought they motorcycles were more fun. One day, a car almost hit him on the freeway. And he began to question the safety of motorcycles. So the next day, Tom sold his motorcycle.
Tom had the same cushions for the last 10 years. He decided to buy cotton and yarn for his new cushions. He knitted a new cushion from the yarn. He then filled the yarn with the cotton. The new cushions looked and felt much better than the old ones.
My husband flew to Texas with the army. While there, he jumped into Texas. The new pilot dropped the soldiers away from the drop zone. When my husband landed, he broke his foot in 3 places on hard ground. My husband was sent back a week later with no cast.
Muriel and her sister always took the shortcut home. One day they decided to take the long way home. A strange man followed them and they got scared. They started running and screaming until they made it home. They told their parents and now they pick them up.
Terry would sit and watch the other kids ride their skateboards. He saved up all his paper route money for months. When he had enough, his uncle took him to buy a board of his own. The first day he took it out on the street, he fell many times. Eventually, he got pretty good and was one of the gang.
Hanna wanted a new pair of shoes. She begged her Grandma to buy the shoes. Her grandma said not today. Hanna gave her a wide-eyed look. Her grandma gave in and bought the shoes.
Una wanted to get started as a writer. She felt completely lost in all of the info about publishing. She went to her local library and asked for guidance. An employee there told her there was a list of writer's resources. The library's list set her off on a path toward success.
Lisa's bedroom was very bright. She bought some blinds to block the sunlight. She closed them when she went to bed. In the morning, the room was still dark. Lisa was happy with the change she had made.
Esther was only thirty years old. She walked a bit faster in anticipation of meeting her boyfriend. He, twenty years her senior, met her in the park. They walked for hours, enjoying each other's company. They both retired to their respective homes at the end of the evening.
One of my niece's college roommates has an odd smile. She never shows her teeth. I asked my niece about this. She said her roommate actually has nice teeth. She just thinks it's neat to smile that way.
Larry sees that his rug is covered in stains. He decides to invest in an industrial rug cleaner. He cleans his rug thoroughly. When the rug is clean, Larry feels much better. He wishes he had cleaned his rug weeks before.
Luke was very mean to his wife. He took her for granted and insulted her. His wife called him and told him she wanted a divorce. Luke cried and begged for forgiveness. It was too late and he could not change her mind.
Tonight, Mary had a tutoring job at Samantha's house. When she arrived, Samantha had her notes out and was ready to learn. Mary came prepared, and taught Samantha the lesson. Mary also helped prepare Samantha for her upcoming test. At the end, Mary was paid and went home for the evening.
At eighteen Year's old Matthew had one thing on his mind. It was pizza. So every Friday night he would order a large pepperoni delight. When he answered the door it was love at first sight. That pizza delivery girl is now Matthew's wife.
Tim was starting a new school. He was nervous about making friends. He was used to being popular. When he got to school, he immediately made a new friend. He decided he was going to have a great year.
Me and my friends are all fans of a certain sports team. This team was on a winning streak, and we were all so happy. We watched every game together. When we were watching their most recent game they ended up losing. We were all very upset, but that was their only loss of the season.
Since it was 110 degrees we headed for the beach with our 3 children. Needing some cash, my husband pulled into the parking lot of the bank. As we turned toward the ATM we felt the car shudder and heard 2 bangs. He got out of the car to look and found that two tires had exploded. We never got to the park and instead waited for tow truck in the heat.
Every Christmas Jim's mother buys him lottery tickets. It's an inside joke within the family as he never wins anything. One year his lottery luck changes. He wins $50,000 on one of the scratch tickets. He tries to split the money with his mother but she makes him keep it.
Dj's Amazon Mechanical Turk account wasn't working. AMT had broken something and he and others were affected. Because Amazon doesn't support AMT there was no one he could call. Dj was very mad but there was nothing he could do. Dj's only source of income was from AMT.
Matt had a lot of junk. He decided to get rid of it. He put it up for sale. He sold the sale. He packaged the items to ship.
Dan bought a new truck. He decided to take it off roading. He was having fun until he hit a big mud patch. Dan got his truck stuck. He had to ask someone else to help pull him out.
I tried to ignore the feeling. My chest was tight. I went to the doctor when it wouldn't go away. I was terrified my heart was diseased. He told me instead that I had asthma.
All I wanted one year for Christmas was a GameBoy. My father let me know that they looked hard but couldn't find one. I was disappointed but still excited for Christmas. On Christmas morning there was a huge box waiting for me. My parents had wrapped a GameBoy in the Christmas tree box.
The girl was working on her sculpture. It was a head. She was finished except for the nose. It was so hard to make it look right! After many hours, she perfected it!
Susie and her husband tom wanted to join the local country club. They were excited when it opened up. But when they put their name on the list they were told they couldn't. Susie apparently did not make enough money. So Susie and her husband shook their heads and walked away.
Ricki arrived at the lifeguarding class and she was older than others. The instructor was her age and the rest were teenagers. She was the only one that offered to try new things and go first. The rest of the class was quiet and wouldn't share or participate Ricki learned a lot and did well at her class each time.
Dana was visiting her grandmother. The grandmother started having a heart attack. Dana was scared but helpful. She called for an ambulance and kept her cool. Dana was able to help her grandmother as best she could.
Jane was out for a walk. She heard some rumbling in the clouds and it began to rain. She tried to hurry and run the rest of the way. It was too late, by the time she got home she was already soaked. She took a hot shower and dried her clothes.
Anna wants to eat banana chips. But she can't buy outside because it's raining. She decided to make banana chip on her own. But after tasting her homemade banana chips she was disappointed. It's not delicious that's why she decided to buy outside.
The best friends went on a girls trip to a wine vineyard. While there they went to several wine tastings. They learned about how wine is made. The trip was a great bonding experience. The girls found new wines they loved.
My friend took me out for a late meal. We sat at the table for nearly 3 hours after eating, chatting. When they told us they were closing, we thanked the server and left. The next day, my friend called and told me she forgot to pay the bill. I went back to the cafe to pay and the owner was shocked, but thankful
Diane had 4 sons. All of them wanted to grow up to be doctors. She told them that if they got into med school, she'd buy them cars. They worked really hard for their finals. Diane had to stick to her word and bought 4 cars within 5 years.
I went to Jeremy's house. He was pointing a laser at a cup. It burned a hole in the cup. His wife did not want him to use it in the house. She thought it was not safe.
Eric was going for a job at the park. It was a winter day and it had been snowing previously. Eric slipped on an area of ice on the sidewalk. He fell and grabbed his leg. He was unable to move and had to call an ambulance.
Sam bought a new smoke alarm. He went to set it up in his home. Sam realized he didn't have any batteries. Sam went back to the store. Sam bought the batteries for the smoke alarm.
Tim began to do MMA training. He wanted to do a fight. His gym was sponsoring one. He decided to sign up and train. Tim was nervous but did his best and lost.
Bill was throwing rocks at school. It was recess time. But the recess teacher on duty caught what he was doing. And he was sent to the principal's office. Bill doesn't throw rocks anymore.
Jake grew up poor. When he was in his 20s he saved up for a new suit. It took him a while. Eventually he got one. He felt a sense of achievement and gained confidence.
Bart went skateboarding on the boardwalk. He ran into an old woman. Bart apologized, but the woman wouldn't listen. She took him by the hand and led him to the police. The police officer told her to leave him alone.
The man clipped his toenails. He cut the big toe nail to short. His big toe started to bleed. It became infected. He had to take antibiotics.
Jordan decided to go to a cafe for lunch. He saw several of his friends there. Jordan sat with his friends. Jordan wasn't sure what to order. His friends gave him advice on the menu items.
I got a Chitty Chitty Bang Bang book for my 7th birthday. I was so excited about the book, I took it to school. We had to line up outside in the mornings, to enter the school. While in line, the "big kid" class monitor yelled at me for talking. I started crying, but luckily I had my book and it hid my tears!
Hannah saw a house with the light on. Since it was Halloween, she decided to walk towards it. The scarecrow near the house started to move. It eventually started to run towards Hannah. She ran as fast as she can away from the house.
Timothy grabbed the lit marijuana joint. He smoked a whiff and passed it down. Then he heard a cop car in the distance. Timothy ran down the road fast. The cops turned another corner and he was safe.
I used to fish in a pond behind my house. I caught a brim with a cricket. There were giant crickets living near a ditch. I tried to fish with them. But the fell right off the hook.
Max had thought being a lion tamer would be glamorous. Which is why he was particularly cross when cleaning out the cages. Shovel and bucket in hand, Max unhappily walked to the enclosures. For the rest of the afternoon he shoveled, hauled, and scrubbed. After the lions were back in the cages, Max did feel a sense of pride.
Kia was ill for several weeks. Finally her husband persuaded her to go to the doctor. There, Kia received happy news. She wasn't actually sick at all. Kia was pregnant!
Kelly was at the beach with her parents. She was diving through waves with her dad. Suddenly she felt a burning pain ignite on her leg. She scrambled out of the water crying in pain. Then they saw a jellyfish stinging her leg.
Amy was taking down the sticky fly paper. It was covered with dead flies. A breeze blew the fly paper into Amy's hair. Now there was fly paper and dead flies stuck in Amy's hair. Amy had to cut her hair to remove the fly paper.
I told Ben to wait until our first class before purchasing anything. He didn't listen and purchased a class textbook from the store. The teacher made several announcements in class. When he mentioned that textbooks were not required, Benny got mad. However, he used the book for the class.
Susie was new at school. She wanted to be in a sorority. So she went to rush. Unfortunately she didn't make the cut. But she thought it would be okay next time.
Liam was driving to work. He was running late and was going too fast. The car in front of him stopped suddenly. Liam hit the car very hard. Liam is now being sued for the accident.
Nancy's car irreparably broke down. The next day Nancy went shopping for a new vehicle. She tested many different models. She finally settled on a blue Toyota. Nancy happily drove her new car home.
My brother and I went on a run. There are plenty of trails in one area. I had to cross a creek. I grabbed a vine. And I almost fell in.
Kylie spilled beans on the floor. She wanted to clean them up, but was missing paper towels. She went to the store to buy cleaning supplies. When she got home, her boyfriend had already cleaned them up. She helped him dry the remainder floor with the paper towels.
Billy liked a pair of shoes at the shop. He didn't have any money to buy them. He had to figure out how to get some money and quickly. It was summer so he decided to mow lawns everyday after school. By the end of the week Billy was able to buy the shoes.
Liv bought herself a bike. She hadn't ridden one since she was a childhood. She wondered if she still knew how! But as she climbed on, she found that it was very easy. Liv rode her bike as though she'd never stopped!
Allen loved to cut hair. He was one test away from getting his barber license. During the final test he had to demonstrate some advanced hairstyles. On the very last hair cut his hand twitched and the scissors slipped. He not only cut off the customer's ear but he failed the last test.
The Kims decided to go on vacation. They narrowed down their destinations to Disneyland and Seaworld. They decided on Disneyland. They bought tickets. They had the best time of their life at Disneyland.
Barbara was invited to go dancing at a club. However, she was well aware of the fact that she could not dance. She struggled in the hours before leaving to learn. Once at the club, she tried out the moves she had practiced. While dancing, she realized that she wasn't so bad after all.
Henry invited his family over for a home cooked meal. The only problem was that Henry can't cook at all. He ordered food and just threw away all the packaging. He served it and passed it off as his own food. His family fell for it and said it was delicious.
Boris was poor. His family could not afford the calculator he needed for school. The principal knew that Boris was poor. The principal decided to buy Boris the calculator. Unfortunately, the principal bought the wrong calculator.
The fireman came to a 3rd grade class to do a demonstration. He lit his shirt on fire and showed how to stop, drop, and roll. Once he lit his shirt on fire he panicked a little. The fireman forgot what he was supposed to do next. The teacher had to tackle him to smother the flame.
Ana and her mom went to the toy store. Ana was allowed to pick out one new stuffed animal. Ana looked at and hugged dozens of stuffed animals. She couldn't choose just one! Finally, she picked out a pink teddy bear.
Gil's mother bought him a mug for his birthday. The mug was very special to Gil and he took good care of it. One day Gil was cleaning out his kitchen. His hand accidentally bumped the mug and it fell to the ground. The mug smashed into hundreds of pieces.
Abe's eyesight was very poor. He saw a cute furry creature in the subway. When he picked it up, he saw it was a rat! The rat bit him, and Abe had to get a Rabies shot! Abe's much more disciplined about wearing his glasses now.
Tom took his new truck off roading. He was having a lot of fun until he hit some mud. The truck got stuck there. Tom had to wait for hours for someone else to go by. He was finally pulled out by a friendly stranger.
Bill was an inventor, but he wasn't having much luck. He had been trying for days to come up with some new and different. Then one day, inspiration hit him! He invented a device that would allow people to see through walls! He decided to call it, a window!
Paul was the best basketball player on his high school team. But if his team was losing, he assumed someone else was at fault. One game, the referee accused Paul of foul play. Paul attacked the referee. Paul was never allowed to play on his school team again/
My neighbor likes to play his music too loudly. I went over to his apartment and knocked on his door. When he opened the door, I told him to turn his music down. Because his music was so loud, he couldn't hear what I was saying. I had to write it down on a piece of paper and show it to him.
Sam was going to chop firewood. He took his axe off the wall. He slung it on his back and set out. When he found a likely fallen tree, he paused. Then he hacked it into logs and carried it home.
The band on Bob's wristwatch was quite worn thin. On the playground one day, he was playing dodgeball with friends. A friend hurled a ball with great velocity towards Bob. Bob nearly successfully dodged the ball though it hit his wrist. Bob's wristwatch fell to the ground, broken in two pieces.
Louisa was eating some lunch. Then she threw her stuff away. On the way she slipped on something. It was a banana peel. Louisa was embarrassed.
My friend told me to get a TAM card to improve hireability. TAM stands for tobacco and alcohol management. Having this card grants access to work jobs serving alcohol. I paid for and received training online with a pre test. After this was complete, I took an exam in person then received card.
The girl put on some gloves. They didn't match her outfit. She told her mom she needed new gloves. The mom told her to wear a different outfit. The girl found an outfit that matched the gloves.
Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble. Another dog attacked them, and Cam had to break them apart. In the process he was bitten by the strange dog. Can was so afraid that he had contracted rabies. When his test came back negative, he almost cried with relief!
Jane introduced me to her dog. I approached the dog. After petting it, I got bit by it. My hand started to swell during the next hour. I left Jane's house after cleaning the bite mark.
Ray was up to bat. The pitcher pitched the ball to Ray. The ball was coming very close. Ray tried to turn away. The ball hit Ray in the hip.
My wife caught a cold Sunday. He has a cough and a sore throat. She took DayQuil and NightQuil. Today she bought Zicam, which worked in the past. She hopes to get over the cold soon.
Ziggy the dog is prone to hot spots and allergies. He developed a sore on his back from an ill fitting harness. The sore turned into an oozing hot spot. The vet prescribed a cortisone spray for the wound. After several days of treatment, the spot began to heal.
Brian and his dog always went for a walk around the block. He would wave at his neighbors and they would wave back. One morning Brian woke up late and couldn't walk his dog. Brian called his friend to walk the dog. Brian felt bad for waking up late.
Rufus no longer wants to live in a small apartment. He decides to move from his city apartment to the suburbs. Finally he finds a home he can afford to buy. Rufus moves into his new home into the suburbs. Now that he has more space, he finally feels better.
On tally went to the beach. She found a sand dollar along the shore. She didn't know what to do with it. She asked people along the beach if they wanted to buy it. She finally sold it to a couple for five dollars.
Lucy heard sounds at night. They sounded like tiny claws scratching the walls. She called an exterminator the next day. A guy came and opened up the wall. Behind the wall was a mouse nest.
Jane wanted to go jogging. She had been indoors too long. Once she stepped out she noticed the intense heat. It was too much. Jane decided to stay indoors.
Tim got into a car crash. It was the other person's fault. The other person blamed Tim. Tim's insurance didn't want to pay out. He had to get it settled in court.
Lisa was scared. She was in the water when she saw a shark approaching. She scrambled out of the water and got back on the boat. She watched the shark circle the boat a few times. Then he swam off into the distance.
Fred has been feeling really bored. He just wants to do or find something interesting. He then went down to the basement of his house. He found guitars that his father must have owned. He knew what he was going to be doing for the rest of the day.
Ferdinand never liked his name. He felt that it was old-fashioned and ugly. Just after college, he had it changed. He selected the name 'Max' instead. Max later regretted the loss of his unique name.
Benny always did what his older brother Jason did. When Jason got a skateboard so did Benny. They went to the skate park and skated around. Benny was not very good at first, but he kept at it. By the end of the day he was out-skating his older brother.
I was in Japan. My coworker suggested we eat ramen. I agreed and we found a ramen cafe. We ordered some pork ramen with beef broth. It was the best ramen I had ever had.
Lucy was at home waiting for her husband. Her husband came home from a long days work. She greet her husband and asked about his day. Lucy then told her husband that she is pregnant. Lucy's husband was excited and thrill.
I saw a huge cookie on my co-worker's desk. He told me not to eat it. My mouth watered with anticipation. I took the cookie and jammed it in my mouth. It turns out it was a dog treat meant for the office dog.
Nancy's dad tried to teach her to ride a bike on the road. When he gave the bike a push, Nancy and the bike tumbled over. Nancy was too scared to try again. Later, Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike. Nancy learned to ride with the friend riding alongside.
Madeline poured over the ads. She was looking for the best Black Friday ads. She found a great deal on a TV. She decided to wait in line that night to buy it. She couldn't wait to get it home!
Almost thru high school I thought I had it down packed. I would usually do my homework before school to pass time on the bus. Until It was a pop quiz that left me stumped. I was expecting a car for my 16th bday. But the bad grade i got messed it all up.
I went to the casino yesterday. I thought of trying my luck out on slots. At first I did not make much. Then I made one hundred dollars. So I bought dinner for my friends.
Diane wanted to try a different kind of diet. She decided to try to eat a low-carb diet for once. For two weeks, she cut out carbohydrates. It was very difficult but she lost sixteen pounds. The diet was so restrictive, she went off of it after two weeks.
I was hired for a job to get people to sign a petition. The petition was to get a Democrat's name on the ballot for Congress. I knocked on doors in the freezing cold to get signatures from people. By the end of six hours of work, I collected over thirty signatures. My employer was extremely proud of my hard work!
Leah worked in clothing retail for many years. She had been saving up to start her own business. Finally she was ready to open her own store. Leah opened a fashion boutique downtown. Her business was very successful.
Don and his father always went to the park. He gave his son a stuffed toy to play with on the grass. Another little boy approached Don and asked to play. The two boys played with the stuff toy for hours. Don gave the little boy his toy and went home.
The kids wanted to make a snack. They had never made Jello before. THey decided to give it a try! They followed the directions exactly. The Jello was a fun, yummy treat!
The director of the bell choir took out all the bells to tune them. The large B flat bell was a little sharp. He tapped it with a small hammer to change the shape of the bell. Upon testing it again, the bell was in tune. No other bells gave him a problem that day.
Jason is a young boy who owns a ball. The ball is an old baseball his grandfather gave him. One day, Jason throws the ball towards a tree. The ball lands in the leaves, so climbs the tree to get the ball. In the leaves, he finds nothing, he lost the ball for good.
Sam and Bill had been friends since high school. The boys had barely spent a day apart since the 8th grade. Bill was accepted to a college halfway across the country. Sam had planned to go to a local college. Sam made sure that Bill knew he was only a phone call away.
It was review time at work. Amy was ready since she had a really good year. She worked hard this year when her department was understaffed. Her boss informed her she only met expectations. Amy was disgusted to have received a mediocre raise.
Beach volleyball is popular sport on Alton Illinois. Every summer teams go head to head. A local sports bar always hosts the games out on their sand. There's almost always a live band and lots of spectators in the bar. Usually by the end of the night the players chat with the spectators.
Harry planned a small holiday party for his friends. He began to make a list of everyone he wanted to invite. The list started small but grew as he remembered more people. Harry realized that he could no longer have a small party. He decided to change the venue to a bigger place to hold his friends.
Jerry was dating a beautiful model. Jerry never wanted it to end. 2 Months later he gets a phone call. The girl had told Jerry they were better off friends. Jerry cried himself to sleep.
Tim went ice skating with his friends. He had never gone skating before. When he tried to skate, he fell on his back. Tim decided he would do something better. He played guitar while others skated to the music.
Allie had a birthday party. She was turning 40. All of her friends came. Her friends chipped in for a car. Allie literally fell to the floor in shock.
Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like. Last year it had puppies on it. This year she wanted to do something more grown up. She was turning 7! So she asked for flowers on her cake this year.
Benny grew tired of the fact that his girlfriend is not honest. He decided to break ties with her. She came to his house to take her belongings. She also grabbed his laptop and threw it on the road. A driver didn't notice the laptop and ran over it.
Jim and Megan were going with their family on vacation. Their cat would be left by himself and would need to be fed. Jim asked his sister across town to come check on the cat. This made him not worry about his pet while gone. Jim came home and his sister came by and left him a note.
Sarah's mother came home from the hospital. She was holding a baby in one hand and a hamburger in the other. Sarah rode up to her on her Big Wheel. She looked at the baby then the burger. She took the burger!
Benny woke up in the middle of the night. He slowly walked downstairs into the kitchen. As soon as he pulled the box of cereal, it made a sudden sound. Benny's father was shouting from the room. He told Benny to go to bed.
Cornelius realizes he doesn't have any hobbies. He decides he needs something to do outside of work. Eventually he tries to become an amateur singer. He practices every day until he becomes a good singer. Cornelius is happy that he has at least one hobby.
I wanted to volunteer. I decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen. They made me hand out bread. I hated it. But, I realized that I got to make a difference in people's lives.
Andrew's family had just moved to town. On his first day of school he was scared that no one would like him. At recess Andrew sat on the bench and did not play. A group of boys called Andrew over to play with them. Andrew was not scared anymore.
Sally got a new pair of shoes. They were black and full of glitter. She could not wait to wear them to school. When she got to campus, she was immediately sent to the principal. Glitter was not allowed and she had to go change.
Tracy had lost his job. There weren't any jobs in the area he was trained in. Tracy went back to school. He was educated in an field that was hiring. Tracy was able to get a new job.
Kim's daughter, Olivia, was in elementary school. And Kim decided to get her a cell phone for safety reasons. But Olivia used her cell phone in class. And it was taken away. And Kim realized getting her daughter a cell phone was a bad idea.
Hal was asked to cook the spaghetti noodles for dinner. His mom made the sauce and set the table. Hal put the noodles in the boiling water and set the timer. He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot. He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined.
Mary Beth owned a gift store. She wanted to act full time. She found someone to buy the store. She split the profit with her partner. The money helped her start her acting.
Janie had a dog named Max. Max was a very needy dog who never liked to be left alone. Every day when Janie went to work, Max would get very sad. Max would sit by the door all day long until Janie got home. When she finally got home, Max the needy dog would be happy again.
Carol found a wallet in the park. She took out the wallet owners drivers license. To her surprise the lost wallet belonged to her grandfather. Carol happily returned the wallet to her grandfather. He awarded Carol with money for an ice cream cone.
The party inside the club was going to be Marvin's biggest affair. Inside the club, he hooked his laptop up to the mixing board. He started the music and also began mixing. The first girl who walked into the club went to the deejay booth. She said she knew Marvin and she wanted to keep him company.
Jake will be seeing a scary movie tonight. He is frightened very easily. He wouldn't have agreed to go but his crush will be at the theater. He is afraid of screaming in front of her. He hopes his crush will comfort him.
Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money. The teller recognized Dave from their high school days. Dave felt embarrassed by how low he had sunk since then. The teller handed over the money and wrote put a note with it. The note said he hoped to see him at the next reunion.
Jamie and Susie were making mud pies together. They were having fun pretending to be real life chefs. Jamie got so carried away he forgot the pies were real. He took a big bite of one! Susie laughed as mud oozed down Jamie's chin.
Jen really wants the new Barbie doll. But her birthday isn't for another six months. So she starts taking babysitting jobs. Before she knows it she has enough money for the doll. Jen is very proud of herself.
The kitchen faucet had started to leak. Although it was fairly new, it was of poor quality. I decided to buy a better-quality faucet through mail-order. When my new faucet arrived, I replaced the old one with it. My faucet doesn't leak any more.
I didn't think it was possible to be addicted to marijuana. I loved it when I started smoking. Eventually I was smoking multiple times a day. It became very expensive. Now I am uncomfortable when I am sober.
Kelley was with her boyfriend Fred. Her boyfriend wanted her to meet his family. She was nervous. When she met them they loved her. She was relieved.
Our father died in 1998. Our mother had Alzheimer's. We could not care for her and took her to a nursing home. She died six months later. The move to the nursing home was very sad for us all.
Rita cooed and gurgled in her crib. Mrs Sampson stood up and walked over to the crib. She was worried so she reached out and touched Rita. Mrs Sampson was thankful Rita felt cool to the touch. Mrs Sampson went back to her chair to keep vigil.
Jason want to learn to play an instrument. He watches online videos of people playing instruments to get ideas. Jason picks piano to learn. Jason hires a piano teacher. Jason can now play a song on a piano.
Marge got on the phone to share a juicy piece of gossip. Then, she got busy doing chores. That evening, the phone rang. A neighbor called with some juicy gossip. Marge laughed when she heard how the message had changed.
Katie started a new job at the local Goodwill. She met many new coworkers, and learned her role. Katie worked very well, earning the attention of the store manager. The store manager really appreciated Katie's work and attitude. The store manager offered her full-time employment, and she accepted.
Amy couldn't find her new watch. She looked all over her room but it wasn't there. At school she checked her locker and asked her teacher about it. When she got home she asked her mother to help look. They looked for an hour but the watch was not found.
Jimmy had a graduation party after the ceremony. He invited his friends and family for dinner. Before they ate, he said that all of his success is because of his mom However, his girlfriend walked out of the house. She told him that he was unappreciative of her.
Abby loved watching a movie about the ocean. Her mom bought her the DVD of it. She watched it over and over again. She even watched it in the car! Abby wanted to spend all of her time watching that one dvd.
My husband made chicken for dinner. The way he makes the chicken is one of my favorite meals. However, the chicken didn't look quite cooked through. We were worried we would get sick. He put it back in the oven and it came out fine.
The row team had trained for several months. Today was race day and they lined up at the start. Midway through the race, the row team was in second place. With only one minute left, the row team surged ahead as practiced. The row team beat all twelve other teams that day.
Ida's whole family cooked dinner together every night as a ritual. When Ida turned eight, she asked if she could help, too. But the dilemma was that she could not cook anything at all! Then Ida's mom told her she could toss and dress the salad. Ida was so happy to be able to participate!
Sam is a loner. He never had very many friends while he was in school. He is shy but has a great sense of humor. Kristin loves the way he makes her laugh. She told me she wished he would ask her to be his wife.
John was sitting at his desk. He was drinking coffee. He accidentally knocked over the coffee. He jumped up and grabbed a towel. John cleaned up his mess.
I took my dog on a nice walk this afternoon. My dog got loose, saw a rabbit and took off running. I searched for hours but I lost my dog. I went home, made flyers and hung them all over town. I waited and waited and that night a nice lady returned my dog!
April climbed a hillside to pick blueberries one afternoon. While picking blueberries, she stepped on a loose rock. The rock moved under her foot, and wasps came out and stung her. She dropped all her blueberries and had to pick them up. April is much more cautious about stepping on loose rocks now!
My friend was walking across the stage with his wife. They continued to move slowly until they approached the front. The pastor made an introductory speech. This was followed by an exchange of vows. The scene became  awkward once Been objected the marriage.
Liz had been sick. She had the flu and had been in bed half the week. Liz finally recovered from her illness. She didn't want to get sick again. Liz sprayed disinfectant around her home and washed her sheets.
Sam stood at the edge of the river with his canoe. He got in and launched himself downstream. A fish jumped out of the water far from him. Sam slowly began to paddle in that direction. Sam got out his pole and waited.
I was cleaning the apartment yesterday. I had just finished mopping when my wife got home from work. I didn't get the chance to tell her. She walked in and slipped right away. Luckily she wasn't hurt but I still apologized.
Jack's friend works as an insurance broker. His friend invited Jack to come work for him. Jack was nervous because he didn't know anything about insurance. The cute secretary however taught Jack everything he needed to know. Now Jack loves working at the office!
Noah love to play outside. He rides his bike nearly everyday. Today Noah fell while riding his bike. His mom bandaged his knee. Now he rides his bike more carefully.
Gina was stopped at a 4 way stop sign. She didn't remember who arrived first. All the drivers seemed to be unsure. They were all looking at each other. Everyone was waiting for the other person to go first.
Dennis has an eye for detail. When he created his new website he managed every detail. He entered his new website into a contest. The judge said he didn't win because he didn't have an eye for detail. Dennis forgot to make a favicon for his new website.
Vanessa thought she was a great tennis player. She challenged Due to a game of tennis. Sue had been practicing her tennis swing for months before the game. Vanessa and Sue both played their hearts out. Sue beat Vanessa by three points.
Carl wanted to find a summer job. Carl also wanted to have time during his summer to work out. He decided to apply as a personal trainer. He got a job training people to get in shape. Now Carl has a job and still gets to work out.
My son-in-law's mother just let her sister and son stay with her. Her sister had been evicted for non payment of rent. The sister's son is 28. My son-in-law just told us his cousin cannot read. He went to school until he was 18 and never learned.
Bryans workplace banned smoking on the premises. Bryan really wanted to smoke. Bryan would have to cross the street to smoke. Bryan decided to finally quit smoking because of the ban. Bryan was no fun to be around for the first few weeks.
The girl fell down a well. Her parents started looking for here. They found her by her voice. A man came down with a ladder. The girl was rescued.
Sandra needed cheap daycare for her children. She couldn't afford the rates the local centers charged. Living in El Paso she had the perfect idea. Sandra started dropping her kids off with a sitter in Juarez. She found it was an affordable solution for her.
My wife has been tired this week. She has been staying up watching the Olympics. Then she had to get up early to get our car serviced. She wanted to sleep in today but her sister needed help. I told her she can sleep all day tomorrow.
My daughter asked me to take her to the circus. I said no because I am afraid of clowns. She got angry and went up to her room. At dinnertime, she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit. I grounded her.
The teacher saw the student slumped in the hallway. He thought the student was choking and couldn't breathe. The teacher performed the Heimlich Maneuver. It wasn't until the third try that the student was able to talk. He explained that wasn't choking but had cracked his ribs in PE.
I liked a woman named Jane. I asked her out and she agreed. We decided to go to the movies for our date. On the way there, a truck rammed into our car. Jane died instantly.
I visited a dealership because they were having a sale. I examined the sale cars stickers and got a shock. I talked with a salesman who said the sale was over yesterday. I asked to speak with the owner or the head manager. I learned the dealership was a Switch and Bait operation and left.
Kevin wrote his crush love letters often. He never got the courage to give her any. Instead he hid them in his locker. One day his crush accidentally found them all. She thought it was a bit creepy and a bit romantic.
Igor woke up late for school. He jumped out of bed, but it was too late to catch the school bus. He ran all the way to school as fast as he could. When he arrived, he was puzzled to see that the schoolyard was empty. Igor laughed when he realized that it was Saturday.
Jeremy's friends wanted him to meet a certain girl. They would always invite this girl and Jeremy to parties. One night, the girl finally showed up to one of the parties. Without being introduced, Jeremy and the girl found each other. They hit it off and began a wonderful relationship.
Paul loves to collect bugs. His favorite is the lady bug. He tries to collect at least one every day. Today, he could not find one. Paul is sad that he didn't collect a lady bug today.
Tom was short. A lot of girls turned him down because of it. Tom decided to move to an Asian country. There he seemed taller by comparison. It was much easier for Tom to find  a mater.
Jim sat down to make his annual budget. He had made a lot less money this year and he'd have to cut expenses. He slashed many extra activities he was planning to do. And in the end, he had a budget he could stick to. The problem was that there was nothing fun to do all year.
Karyn was excited to go to dinner at Lulu's. Lulu was having a large party for all their friends. As soon as Karyn got to lulu's she was shocked. She saw her enemy Tina. She immediately then wanted to walk out.
Jane and her brother Bob had a flower shop. Jane was part owner of the flower shop for 20 years. Jane grew older, and decided to retire. Bob threw a big party for Jane. They closed the shop after her retirement party.
Bobby was having trouble in Algebra. His father said if Bobby didn't improve his grades, he'd be grounded. Bobby asked a friend of his to tutor him. Over the weekend, his friend helped Bobby understand Algebra. On Monday, Bobby made an A on his Algebra test.
The Hicks family loved spending time together. Their favorite activity was ice skating. Every weekend, they would head to the ice rink to skate. On one trip  Mrs Hicks fell and broke her leg. She had to watch from the bleachers on the next visit.
Mary woke up and stretched. Whiskers was meowing at the foot of the bed. She got up and brushed her teeth and went downstairs. Whiskers continued to meow at her persistently. Mary finally poured food into the cat's bowl and he purred happily.
Bill looked around to see if there was anyone watching. He stuck his hand in the register till and pulled out some money. He quickly slid the few bills in his pocket and looked around again. The thrill of theft made him feel very alive. Bill concluded that the crime was better than the plunder.
Laura wanted to play on the softball team. But she was nervous to try out, fearing rejection. Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot. Reluctantly, Laura agreed. And she played so well, she made the team!
Blake took an improv class at the college. He was partnered with a beautiful woman. Blake felt very nervous around the woman. It was funny for the class to watch. Blake and his partner became the classes favorite improv team.
At the beach I saw three seagulls. Two of them were attacking the third one. They pecked at its head and wings. The third seagull could not escape. Eventually, the two seagulls killed the third one and flew away.
The first time i bought my son to the hospital was terrifying. He was vomiting and can't stop coughing. Every time he drinks water he will vomit. So we decided to take him to the hospital in the middle of the night. Then in the morning he's fine and start again to smile.
Bruce was a cop in a large city at night. He was called to respond a s possible riot. When he arrived, there were people causing mayhem. Bruce called in for help and then began to act. He was chased away by people with molotov cocktails.
Jane went for a walk in the woods. She was gone for three hours. Her parents called the cops. They searched the woods thoroughly for Jane. A man volunteering in the search, found Jane.
Mia and Mark played basketball daily, and Mark won. Mia decided to start practicing alone in secret. After a few weeks, she challenged Mark to a game. Mark accepted, expecting to win easily. But to his surprise, Mia beat him by ten points!
Michael always beats Cynthia at soccer. Cynthia decides to spend a lot of time practicing her soccer skills. She works on passing and shooting drills with her friends. The next time Cynthia plays Michael she beats him! She is really happy that her hard work and practice paid off.
Manny was taking photos for his family Christmas card. His daughter wasn't happy with her hair. He decided to have the photo edited. The editor was able to fix her hair. His daughter was satisfied and he sent out the cards.
Jay took a trip to his old college. Jay is an alumni. He visited his friends. He went and got drunk. He had a good time.
I was running outside. I got very sweaty. I didn't feel well. I drank a lot of water. It turns out I was just thirsty.
Sandy is watching tv. She gets mad and throws the remote at the tv. She checks the tv. It has a huge crack in the screen. Sandy broke the tv.
Amber was a great student and child. She began dating a boy who wasn't the best influence. After a month of dating Amber became pregnant. Her boyfriend left her as soon as he found out. Amber had to struggle alone for many years with her baby.
Erik bought a tattoo parlor when he was 20. He inherited money when his dad died. He bought the parlor against his mother's wishes. He did tattoos and drugs in the back room for 5 years. Eventually he stopped and sold the parlor.
Max and Sue went on a long trip to the country one day. Max had to tell Sue that he had an incurable disease. He told her and Sue was devastated. They both agreed to make the most of it while Edward was healthy. Max and Sue now enjoy every waking moment with each other.
Tom was a bright guy. Tom wanted to be inducted into Mensa. Tom was junior in college. Tom took the LSAT and received a very high score. Tom was inducted into Mensa based on his high LSAT score.
Sarah got ready to go out. She was going to see a movie with her date. Her date took her to watch a scary movie. She got scared and hated the movie. Sarah couldn't sleep that night.
Andrew was watching television. The television turned off by itself. He realized that there was a power outage. He decided to look for a flashlight. The power came back on as he stood up to look for a flashlight.
Kylie was working on a wire art piece for a competition. She left it in her classroom while she went to the restroom. When she came back, she was shocked to find the piece broken. She asked everyone in class who had done the deed. Finally, someone confessed and offered to help her fix it.
Sandy wanted to go clubbing. She was going to the hottest club in the city. She got to the club and started to have a few drinks. She saw her ex boyfriend who wanted to come talk to her. He caused a big scene when Sandy Refused.
Evan took an IQ test with his friends, just for fun. And he scored lowest of all! Evan was disappointed by his results. But soon his friends' lighthearted joking cheered him. Evan decided to focus on his good qualities, not his bad.
There was only one cable company in Ina's town. They were pricey, but Ina wanted her TV and movies! Then a friend suggested online services like Netflix and Hulu. Ina did some research and was very surprised. The online services were much cheaper than her cable was!
Jane was out of hairspray one morning. She ran to her daughter's room and grabbed a bottle. Jane sprayed her hair heavily then left. When she looked in the mirror her hair was flat and frizzy. Her daughter later told her the hairspray bottle was full of water.
Steve was at the beach with his friends. He had let them bury him in sand for fun. Soon though Steve began to feel really sick. He begged his friends to unbury him. They freed him and luckily he felt better quickly.
Joe asked Kristen to marry him. She said yes. They spend months getting ready for the wedding. They get married in a big church in front of their family. They have a big party at the reception with cake and dancing!
Anna's car slid into a snowbank. She could not back out of it! Luckily, a man in a large truck passed by soon. He pulled her car out and made sure she was okay. He accepted her thanks, but would not take any money!
TJ had never played in a band before. He was excited to get together with other musicians. The auditions came and went, TJ thought he did well. The call came in, he had made the band! He began rehearsing with the other guys, getting ready for the gig.
Gracie liked to go to the river to draw. She drew pictures of things she observed around her. One day she saw an elderly couple sitting on a bench. She sketched a picture of them and gave it to them. The couple liked the picture and thanked her for it.
Nick found $1000. He had been poor all his life. He spent it all on lottery tickets. He lost all of it. He wished he had put it in the bank instead.
Tom spent a long time writing an essay. He saved it on his memory card. When Tom went to print it the essay wasn't there. Tom had to go back to his computer. Luckily he was able to use a backup copy he made.
Suzy is at the park. She is there to relax and have fun. While sitting down a puppy comes crawling to her. She tries to find the owner. She can't find the owner and decides to keep it.
Stacy was having her boyfriend over for dinner for the first time. She didn't know what to make so she called her mom. Her mom suggested something easy like spaghetti. The dinner turned out wonderful and Stacy was happy. Her boyfriend kissed her for the first time that night.
Sitting in a front row seat, Julie expectantly awaited the clowns. They came tumbling in with their giant shoes and tiny cars. They made a wobbly clown tower and teetered over towards Julie. Each clown came somersaulting down to the ground. Julie clapped and clapped at the end of the performance.
My son's friend spent a year in Austin, Texas. He moved down from Boston. His lease runs out on August 8th. He had only enough money to eat or ship his luggage back. He decided to eat, and abandon his stuff.
Jake had inherited a set of encyclopedias from his grandpa. He was torn because he loved his Gramps, but it was 2016. All that info could be found for free, quickly, online. Finally Jake decided to put the bulky set in his attic. That way he would still have it, but needn't waste shelf space!
The man took a machete to the woods. He cleared a trail down a hill. He brought his bike to the top of the hill. He rode it down the trail. He hit his head on a branch he had not cleared.
My father went back to use the bathroom. I heard a loud bang just after he left the room. I ran back to see what happened. He had fell and hit his head. He died five days later from it.
Brad had a huge crush on me. He wrote me notes every day in study hall. We laughed and talked a lot at our lockers. One day he asked me to be his girlfriend. I pretended I didn't hear him and ran away to play.
Miguel woke up not feeling well. He wasn't sure why he was sick because he had been eating well. He decided to take lots of vitamin C and spend the day sleeping. Late in the afternoon his wife came home and made him soup. By the end of the night he felt much better!
Dave had entered a raffle at work this past weekend. The top prize was a week long trip to Japan. Dave had always wanted to go to Japan. The day of the drawing, Dave was very nervous. The winners were announced, and Dave had won the top prize!
Tom joined the army after 9/11. He was sent to Iraq soon after. There he ran into a lot of trouble. His convoy was hit by a bomb and Tom was severely injured. He was never the same way again.
Lana lived in a big city near her family and friends all of her life. After a couple of years of retirement, she wanted to do something new. She decided to move to a small coastal town in Florida. She secured a furnished house by a lake, packed a bag, and moved. She missed her family but was very happy for her new life.
Kim lost the bleach cap. Her mother was furious, but didn't know it was Kim who lost it. Kim searched the bathroom, laundry room, and her bedroom. She couldn't find it anywhere. Finally after an hour she found it in the bathroom garbage can.
Christina converted to Islam when she was in college. Before she converted, she read a lot about Islam. She found out that Muslims should not have names like hers. Christina means follower of Christ which is not in line with Islam. Christina changed her name to Charity.
Dory was eating ice cream. She dropped some of it all over her shirt. Dory had to figure out a way to clean it off. She threw the stained shirt into the washing machine. Her shirt was clean again within fifteen minutes.
Arra went to the market for strawberries. But there was such a big selection of fresh fruit! She could not resist buying melons and peaches too. She brought all her finds home in her basket. Arra and her family ate fruit every day for a week!
Ben rode the ski lift to the top of the mountain. He hopped off and made his way to bunny slope. Ben went down the hill as fast as he could. He lost control of himself and he crashed in the snow. Ben was so shaken up that he stopped skiing that day.
When Lucy went to live in India, she didn't prepare very well. She arrived in the heat and was still wearing her winter coat. She tried to eat some local food and got sick to her stomach. Gathering her courage, she didn't give up. She stayed there six months and learned to live the local life.
Dan went to a garage sale. He bought a used board game. He invited his friends over to play the game. When he tried to play the game, some of the pieces were missing. Dan was sad that he couldn't play the game.
It was Halloween night and Kai dressed up as the grim reaper. His little sister, Ruby, was a witch. It was the first time they were allowed to go out alone. Without mom and dad with them they ran from house to house. They got twice as much candy as usual, it was the best Halloween ever.
When I was a child I went to church. I was terrified when there because it was loud and uncomfortable. I thought the pastor was evil. But one day I met him in person and he was kind. I enjoyed going to church after that.
Kassidy was a very mean girl. She thought it was fun to bully other girls and say mean things. When she was feeling bad about herself, she would put others down. One day, she was being exceptionally mean and her friends got mad. They decided they didn't want to be friends with Kassidy anymore.
Ron wanted to bring his mom breakfast in bed. It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation. But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything! Then he had a good idea, and he brought her cereal in a bowl! His mom said it was the best birthday breakfast she had ever had.
Kyle went skydiving. He handing his girlfriend his keys and wallet. He got in the plane. He put on his parachute. He jumped out and landed perfectly.
Tom had lived a long life. He was waiting to die in a nursing home. His family would visit him every so often. Tom had a lot of time to reflect on his past. He felt satisfied with his life.
I love to watch comedies. They are my favorite type of movie. My girlfriend loves horror movies. We always fight on what to watch when we go out. We compromise now and each take turns picking the movies we see.
Amy decided to purchase new furniture for her new apartment. She visited a local furniture store. She looked at bedroom, dining, and living room furniture. The furniture she liked was too expensive. Amy decided to purchase new furniture for only the living room.
Jane spent a long time getting ready for a date. Her makeup was on point. It started to rain when she was out. Jane's makeup started to run. She had to take it off in a bathroom.
Dale loved being active. He decided to climb a mountain. He bought all the gear he needed. Then he climbed the tallest mountain in his state. He saw an amazing view at the top!
I was in the grocery store. The fruit section was right around the corner. I walked over to the fruit section. There were many fruits available. I got a banana from the shelf.
Jay had been turking for the last 6 months. He was making roughly 60 dollars a day. One day, his computer crashed, and he could no longer turk. Jay laid in bed dejected, and wondered how he would make money. Jay started panhandling on the streets like a bum.
Sam really liked a girl in his class. He gathered his nerve and asked her out. He was sure she would reject his offer. But to his shock, she accepted! Sam was so thrilled, he shouted for joy!
Phil thought girls liked guys in rock bands. Singers or musicians, it didn't matter-they were irresistible! So he and his friends formed a garage rock band and played some songs. Soon, though, they all realized something-they were awful! Phil and his friends decided to disband their terrible band!
Lucy's grandpa was driving her to a friends house. Lucy was excited to have someplace to go. She was even allowed to sit in the front seat. She put on her seat belt wanting to look adult, and responsible. Her grandpa thanked her, and they began their ride.
Helen hates dogs. One morning she hears something. She opens her door and a puppy runs in. The puppy jumps and licks her face. Helen falls in love.
I drove my car down the street when I hear a thud. I stopped my car and got out to inspect it. It looked like I ran over a rock. The rock did not do any damage to my car. I threw the rock off the road and got back in my car.
Jill had been a waitress for a few Year's. She worked hard, and tried to be the best she could. She always had a smile on her face and was very nice to her tables. A man came in one day with many demands, but Jill handled it smoothly. The man was so impressed, he left a hundred dollar bill on the table.
I wanted to learn to ride a bike. My father told me he would help. We went to the park and practiced all day. Dad ran behind me until I learned to balance on my own. By the next day I was riding all by myself.
Lacy hit her toe against a chair. Her toe swelled up to twice its size. She went to the doctor. The doctor bandaged her toe. Lacy's toe was healed.
Jack stole a small boy's bike. The boy couldn't stop him, because he was so small. Jack only made it to the curb, when he was stopped by another boy. It was the small boy's brother, who was not small at all. Jack returned the bike, and hasn't stolen any since.
Tom was a troubled child. When he grew older, he had mental problems. He found a way to cope. He discovered that singing during stressful times made him feel good. He frequently sung to calm himself down.
My mom used to take me school shopping each August. The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers. I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them. One school day my mom made me wear them to school. I was the only student that sat on her feet in the hall before class.
Nina was late arriving for an appointment one day. She circled the street but could find nowhere to park. She decided to park in a handicapped spot. When she came out from her appointment, she grimaced. There, on her car, was a ticket for using the handicapped spot!
I got up at sunrise. I've a lot to do. I have to clear out the shed. It's going to rain today. My mower needs to be placed inside.
Beth wanted a dog. She asked her mother. Her mother said yes. Beth was so happy. Beth got a great family dog and was happy.
Amy made homemade chicken soup. Her wife refused to try it without homemade crackers, too! Amy sighed and returned to the kitchen. Soon she was back with a tray of homemade crackers. Amy's wife tried both and loved the delicious meal!
Tim was babysitting his nephew. He decided to let him have sugary cereal for breakfast. It gave his nephew a lot of energy. Tim could barely keep up. Eventually he crashed and went to sleep, though.
The team was really excited. They had a game coming up that was huge. They were playing an undefeated team. They practiced their plays for weeks. On the day of the game, they played great and won!
Jordan was on a flight with her family. She wanted a drink but her mom was worried that she would spill it. She begged until finally her mom agreed. Then, she began sipping the drink. Suddenly, she hit her elbow and the drink did spill.
Joyce was watching TV. But her favorite show was interrupted by a breaking news broadcast. There was a dangerous police pursuit. And she ended up becoming engrossed in it. Joyce forgot all about the soap opera she wanted to watch.
Elbert was very tired one morning. On his way to work, he stopped at a gas station. He ran in and selected a caffeinated energy drink. He drank it all before he got to work. The drink helped Elbert stay awake easily all day!
Tara was watching a TV show on the internet. She hated watching advertisements in the show. She purchased a premium account on the website. She was happy she did not get ads anymore. She watched her favorite TV show the entire afternoon.
Abby had a birthday party. She invited her whole class to a roller skating rink. They skated and danced to music. Then they ate pizza! It was a lot of fun to spend time with her friends.
Jessie's husband has never been a very good photographer. Imagine her surprise when he won first place in a photo contest. She celebrated with him, but remained suspicious. Then she found Mr Spot's collar with a small camera attached to it. The prize-winning photo had been taken by their dog.
Jane didn't enjoy horror films. The last horror film she saw was The Ring. From that point on, Jane refused to ever use a videotape again. Even when she watches a DVD, she turns her phone off just in case. Even though she knew it wasn't real, it made her feel better.
Tom hated his job. He thought his boss was incompetent. One day his boss asked Tom to do something dangerous. Tom refused to do so. His boss tried to write him up but didn't have a legit reason.
Janet went on a blind date to one of her favorite restaurant. The man she was meeting introduced himself as Mike. Mike said hi in his normal voice then whispered the same thing again. Janet felt uncomfortable should she talk in a normal voice or whisper. Janet felt so uncomfortable she faked a headache and went home.
Hazel lived alone at the end of Pershing Street. Her children had moved back east so she didn't have family close by. There was a stray dog who lived under some bushes on Hazel's land. Hazel never let the dog inside her house but she loved him anyway. Every morning she would sit on her porch and feed that dog by hand.
Sue was playing hide and seek with her brothers. Her brothers were much older and thought it was funny to not find her. When she had been hiding for an hour, she grew scared. It got dark and she  suddenly realized she was lost in the woods. When she saw a light she realized her father had come to save her!
Jason never really had anything he liked to do. He saw a flyer one day advertising dance classes and decided to go. At the class he discovered that he loved to dance. He started working harder and harder. He became a great dancer all because of attending that first class.
I have always wanted to see New York City. Friends have told me many exciting things I should see and do there. I saved enough money to buy a plane ticket to go next month. There are many things I plan to do while I am there. I am scheduled to leave tomorrow and am so excited that I can't sleep!
Ryan couldn't walk most of his life. Ryan had a disease that limited his walking. Ryan went through a experimental procedure. Ryan started to walk after weeks of the experiments. Ryan was ecstatic now that he could walk.
Sam was riding the bus one day. An older man got on and sat next to her. He started to press again Sam uncomfortably. Sam was very upset, so she pulled the stop cord. She got off the bus as quickly as possible.
Stephanie and Xavier dated for five years. She really wanted to get married soon. Xavier surprised her and took her to a ring store. She picked out the ring she liked. Xavier proposed that night after buying the ring.
Al was really into floral design. He was invited to participate in the local flower parade. Al spent a lot of time creating the perfect float. It looked great and got several prestigious compliments. It promoted Al's floral design company greatly.
Bill had a bad cold. He scheduled a doctor's appointment. The doctor examined him. Bill received a prescription for some strong cold medicine. Soon, Bill felt much better.
I left my dog alone last night. I was called into work. He is not used to being alone for so long. When I came home my house was trashed. That's the last time I leave him alone for so long.
One day Erin decided to make some gifts to her friends. First she wrapped them. Then she put some pins on the wrapping paper. Then she put them in bags. Her friends loved them!
My car is a total mess. I have not cleaned it since our vacation. The kids made quite a mess in there. I am sure there is food and crumbs everywhere. I am not excited to begin.
My teacher announced an important test. I went home and began to study. After a week of studying, the test day came. I sat down and worked hard on the test. After finishing the test, I was given a good score.
Tom and John loved Call of Duty. They would play every weekend. One day Tom stopped playing. John couldn't figure out why. Tom had passed away in an accident.
Debbie was asked to dance at a party by Ron. She was nervous because she didn't know how to dance. Ron said he would teach her. She went out onto the dance floor with Ron and started. A few songs later Debbie felt like a natural dancer.
Charles and nancy went for a bike ride. They started by going up a big hill. Then, they went through some winding roads. Next, they rode over a bridge. Finally, they rode down a big hill.
Bobby was rushing down the hall at school. He didn't see the very pretty girl from history in his path. He ran right into her, knocking her down. She told him he didn't need to be so dramatic to get her attention. After that they became good friends.
Andrew thinks women have a problem getting to the point. One evening he came home late. His girlfriend accused him of cheating and said she hated him. He made some calls and proved he wasn't cheating on her. She said, when she says she hates him, she means she loves him.
Kate's parent made crab legs last Friday. They bought them again this Friday. They bought them again the next Friday. Friday became Kate's favorite night of the week. She loved crab and it was officially Crab night.
I love to play with bubble wrap. It relieves a lot of stress for me. Something about popping bubbles makes me feel great. I get mad if my parents throw away my bubble wrap. I will dig in the trash just to play with bubble wrap.
The local church was having a rummage sale. It was raising money for a woman's shelter. Mike's pizza gave a pizza to everyone who donated. The church raised a lot of money. The shelter now has enough money to remodel their kitchen.
I was a James Lee Burke fan. His characters always ate po boy sandwiches. We did not have po boy restaurants in Boston. My son located one today and I ate an oyster po boy just now. I was very pleased!
Will was scared of sleeping in his room. He told his mom there was a monster under his bed. Will and his mom cleaned everything that was under his bed. They did not find a monster. Will is no longer scared to sleep in his room.
After school I go to band practice. Then, I go to football practice. Afterwards, I finish doing my homework. I eat dinner and then go to sleep. I repeat the same pattern the next day.
My parents took me to a man-made beach one summer. I played all day until it got dark. My parents called me to the car to go, and I ran as fast as I could. As we were pulling off, I realized I left my shoe! I begged my parents to go back, and was sad because they wouldn't.
My freshman year of high school seemed daunting. I went from a middle school to a much larger and confusing high school. I was still dressed by parents and was nerdy. I soon developed better social skills. By the end of the year I got better at making friends.
Cam needed braces. His parents could not afford them. His dad got a second job. With that  money they were able to pay for it. Cam had really straight teeth.
Sofia was going to perform in her talent competition. She was a really good hula hooper. At first no one understood her act. Once she got into it though people loved it. She ended up winning the competition.
My feet were hot. I sprinted 100 meters. I had just done a lap with a couple people. They were almost finished when I arrived. I decided to do a lap barefoot.
Tina bought new eye shadow. She tried it on for a date. The guy thought it looked silly. He called her a raccoon under his breath. Tina was heartbroken and threw the eye shadow away.
I woke up to a terrible stomach ache. I went to the bathroom and threw up. I felt so terrible that I had to call off work. My work was angry with me for calling off and it hurt my feelings. I decided to look for a new job after being treated poorly.
After the third grade was over, I got an invitation in the mail. It was from my teacher, inviting me to her wedding. I showed up at the wedding and ran to her afterward. She gave me a huge hug and said she loved me. I told her I would miss her more than anything.
Imelda worked as a parking officer at a mall. She did not have the authority to issue actual tickets. She was technically an employee of the mall rather than the city. Instead she put officious-looking warning letters on windshields. It was always disheartening to watch patrons crumple them up.
Joe wanted to do some reading. He couldn't see. He realized the lamp wasn't on. He tried to turn it on but nothing happened. The bulb had burned out.
Cassie had worn glasses practically her entire life. She finally made the decision to get some contact lenses. The first time her eye doctor put them in she hated them. She was sure she would never get used to wearing them. Now, she barely remembers that she has them in sometimes.
James worked very hard and made eight dollars. He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars. James thought that his sister Madison stole some of his money. He confronted Madison and she admitted to stealing the money. Madison apologized and repaired James for the stolen money.
Charles saved money for years so he could buy a car. He went to a used car lot and asked about a sedan. Charles used his savings for a down payment. He got into his new car and sped away. He turned on the radio and did eighty miles per hour on the freeway.
Angel wanted a designer purse but could not afford to buy it. Angel decided she would shoplift the purse from the store. Angel went to the store that was carrying the purse she wanted. When no one was looking Angel grabbed the purse and left the store. Angel was glad she had the purse but always had feelings of guilt.
The other day my friends invited me on a hike. It was supposed to be a short trail. About an hour in I noticed something was weird. We had been walking for a long time and I felt scared. I became even more frightened when I realized I was hiking alone.
My wife was looking at a vintage doll on eBay. It started at $10. She put in a proxy bid of $25. She was quickly outbid, and was not going to go higher. She bid $50 on impulse and was the high bidder.
Jonathan moved into a new apartment. He was lonely. Jonathan decided that he needed some company. He went to the animal shelter to adopt a new pet. Jonathan adopted a young kitten to keep him company.
Natalie wants to express her mourning after her mother passes away. She decides to wear a black armband to express how she feels. Natalie finds a black piece of cloth at work that she uses. Now she wears the armband everywhere she goes. Natalie feels satisfied that she found a way to express herself.
Boris had never ironed his clothing. His mother would do it for him. One day, his mother decided to make Boris iron his clothes. This made Boris angry at his mom. Consequently, Boris decided to throw a tantrum.
Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise. Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence. One day his sister Rachel gave him a banjo for his birthday. Ron was appalled until he heard Rachel strum a few notes. He soon learned to play the banjo quite well and now Ron is in a band.
Rachel was in her hallway when she saw a huge spider. She ran off to grab something to smash it with. When she came back,it was gone. She began searching the whole house for it. She finally found it in the bathroom and got rid of it.
Today I made a bag of popcorn. I put it in the microwave and started a load of laundry. I was doing laundry and forgot about the popcorn. The bag of popcorn burnt. Now my whole house smells like burnt popcorn.
Shane was very artistic. He loved to visit museums and read about artists. He decided to take a painting class in school. Shane created many beautiful paintings. Now, Shane is able to sell his artwork.
As a 41-year-old guy, young and attractive girls don't approach me. But when Evy,25, sat by me at work, I thought my luck had changed. For two weeks we took lunch together and laughed with each other. Suddenly, a guy took my seat next to Evy. Over the following two weeks, I watched him and Evy fall in love.
Sarah always made Raul lunch for work. For some reason Raul couldn't find his sandwich though. Sarah told him a hundred times she made him one. Raul was convinced she had forgotten even though she never had before. It turns out Raul had been sleep walking, and got hungry last night.
Kevin was the smallest boy on his basketball team. He often couldn't make as many plays as the bigger boys. Kevin didn't stop practicing everyday at his home. He developed a method of quickly dribbling around the bigger boys. Kevin was soon just as good a player as all the other kids.
Cathy had to find a way to register to vote. Cathy would be a first time voter in this election. Cathy researched and found a way to register to vote. After registering, Cathy was issued a voter's card. Cathy was proud that she registered to vote for the first time.
Dustin liked to play sports. He found a ball in his yard. He spent the day kicking it and throwing it. When he was finished playing with it, he put it in his garage. The next day, he got it out and started playing again.
Tom was really restless. He wanted to tire himself out. He decided to go on a run. He ran across the park. When he finished running, he immediately fell asleep at home.
The man read his newspaper. There was nothing interesting on the front page. He found the comic strips. The comic strips made him laugh. He had enjoyed his time with this newspaper.
Julian was afraid of storms. One night he woke up because he heard thunder. Julian got very scared and could not sleep. His mom came into his room to check on him. He told her he was scared and she slept with him to keep him safe.
Jacob's dad got a job transfer. Jacob had to go to a new school. Jacob was not happy about moving. When Jacob started his new school he was scared. Jacob did not make new friends quickly.
I was eating lunch at school one time. An older kid was being a bully to everyone. I stepped in and asked if he wanted to fight. He agreed so we went to the bathroom. I beat him up pretty bad.
Cho and Margo hated walking the dogs. They were both very lazy. This morning neither wanted to. They played rocks, papers, scissors over it. Margo lost and had to walk the dogs.
Glen tried out for a basketball team. After trying out, Glenn made the team and had to start practicing. Glen was told about a first game against a rival school. On the day of the game, glen broke his ankle. Glen had to skip the game and quit the team.
Tim's football team was winning. He was part of the defense. They tried their best to keep the score close. Unfortunately their offense was terrible. Tim's team was beat by a small score.
John loved to fish. Lately when John went fishing he didn't catch anything. He asked a local friend for advice. His local friend gave him some new bait to try. John caught lots of fish on his next fishing trip.
Today my horrible manager got back from her vacation. In order to be civil, I asked her how it was. She grumpily mumbled not long enough. I mumbled under my breath that I agree. She definitely heard me say that.
Dan's coworker recently made a joke about his weight. Dan decided to approach the coworker about it. Dan expressed his opinions to the coworker about his comments. After talking, Dan's coworker apologized about his insensitive joke. Dan was glad that the coworker understood and respected his feelings.
Ben and Belle were twins. As children, they hated being dressed alike. And as teens, they tried to act different. But when they became adults, they forged a very strong bond. Ben and Bella realized they were both very glad to have a twin!
Jon could not sleep. Tomorrow he's going to Paris. Jon finally slept late into the night. Jon woke up excited. Jon drove to the airport and flew on a plane to Paris.
Kyle always wanted to be a major league baseball pitcher. He practiced throwing the baseball every afternoon in his yard. He excelled on his high school and college baseball teams. Then he even got drafted into the minor leagues. Now Kyle is a successful MLB pitcher for the Chicago Cubs.
Dawn was arrested for possession of drugs, since they were in her car. In the morning, after a night in jail, she called her dad. He was very disappointed in her. But he sent her the bail money, and told her he loved her. That made Dawn feel a little bit better.
Jane had an important exam in the morning. She was worried that she would not do well on the text. She stayed up very late studying. In the morning, she was very tired. Jane did not do well on the test.
I was hungry but my cupboard was bare. I decided to go to the grocery but I couldn't find my list. I made a new list. When I got to the store, I found my old list! I bought everything from both lists anyway!
Brenda walked outside to her cottage balcony. She looked below and saw that her courtyard was very messy. She walked downstairs and began to pick up the area. She made the area much better then walked back to her balcony. She relaxed over her very neat courtyard all day long.
Adam was riding his bike through the park. He was going really fast when he hit a rock. The rock popped his tire. He stopped the bike and got off. He had to push the bike all the way home.
Tom wanted to travel internationally. Tom bought a plane ticket to an exotic country. Tom researched all of the local laws. Tom was informed he needed special medical shots to travel there. Tom went to the doctor and received the necessary medical shots.
Amber was very stressed out because it was a struggle to pay her bills. Her dad always gave her a hard time about it. She loved her job, but had to start looking for a new one. She looked eagerly on craigslist, and the newspaper. Eventually she found a great job as a secretary!
Cassie is a size six in clothes. Patrick wants her to be a size two. He bought her lots of size two clothes. She was very offended. Now they are not a couple.
Grace's parents wanted her to get out her excess energy. They enrolled seven-year-old Grace in dance classes. But she hated them - she did not have the patience or the poise! Then they enrolled in her karate classes. There, Grace found a happy niche of energy and educational maneuvers!
I was waiting to cross at a red light when a little girl spoke to me. She told me I had dropped a coin. I bent down to pick up the coin and when I did, I dropped my purse. All of the contents spilled everywhere all over the street. Cars had to wait on me while I picked up the contents of my purse.
On Christmas Day, Ned got a beautiful new sled. He couldn't wait to use it. Unfortunately it was now late February and still no snow! Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches. He finally got to try out his Christmas sled.
Tim needed to deposit a check. He had to pay rent that same night. He just made it to the bank in time. He deposited the check but it wouldn't process for a day. Tim wound up being late on his rent payment.
Fargo was a kid. He always wanted a pet. His parents told him he was too young. Fargo finds a cat while playing in the yard. He keeps the cat without his parents knowledge.
Dan and his friends were challenged to a game of badminton. Dan knew that they could easily beat the other team. During the match, Dan's team took the lead several times. However, the other team eventually beat Dan and his friends. Dan was disappointed that they had lost the badminton game.
India was recalling some of her childhood memories. One particular memory was of India's Imaginary Friend. India would love the time that she spent with her Imaginary Friend. Eventually, India grew out of the Imaginary friend phase. However, India did love the memories she had of her Imaginary friend.
I was rushed into my dental appointment yesterday. I apologized to my dentist for not having time to brush my teeth. He shrugged and gave me a big smile. He said he didn't have time to wash his hands after peeing. I hope he was joking on that one.
I was at the beach last summer. I decided to go in a bit in my pants. The tide drew me out Before I knew I couldn't feel the ground. I had to wave over someone to help me back to shore.
Suzy awoke feeling hungry on a visit to her aunt and uncle. She finally found a piece of cake in the freezer to snack on. The next day, Suzy's aunt shrieked. She held up an empty container. The container was labeled Our Wedding Cake.
Jed was convinced he had an ulcer. He talked about it all the time yet did nothing about it. His wife one day got tired and got him an appointment. The doctor examined him but found nothing. Since then Jed has nothing to talk about.
The kids were playing in the ocean. They pulled some seaweed out and threw it at each other. It made a big SPLAT when it hit them. They laughed and threw some more. They had a lot of fun playing in the water!
I was falling asleep last night when I heard hooting. There was an owl right outside my window. It was being really loud. I tried to scare it off but it didn't work. Eventually I had to sleep on the couch.
Finley realized it was the day before her husband's birthday. She hadn't bought him anything. She looked at his Amazon.com wish list. She ordered the one thing she could afford off the list. Overnight delivery got the package to the house on time!
Tom was a bad gift giver. He wanted to change that. It was his girlfriend's birthday and he wanted to get something good. He asked all her friends and family for help. They were able to guide him toward the best choice.
Allie got called back for an interview. She was very nervous. Now she was shaking. She went in and did it. Luckily she was offered the job.
In the month of November the shoppers come out of hiding. They fill the stores with excitement and fight over sales merchandise. Pam's family loves to shop. I saw Pam at the store just this afternoon. She was fighting with an old lady over the last pair of snow boots.
The other day people had to use my bathroom. I had forgotten to clean it. I was rather horrified. But they insisted they didn't mind. But I felt badly they had to use it with all the dust so I cleaned it.
Robbie was proud of the guns he owned. He kept the guns locked up, away from his young children. His oldest son was curious. He figured out how to unlock the guns. Robbie kept his guns, even after his son shot himself.
Tom's friend was a botanist. Tom hiked in nature often. One day, Tom hiked with his botanist friend. The botanist educated Tom. Tom gained greater appreciation of nature through botany.
We decided one day to go to Kings Island. It took a while to get all of our belongings together. Once we had our thoughts and items prepared, we set off. The interstate was really busy that day, but we made it. It sure felt good to get there in such a short time!
Tommy was looking forward to playing football. He drove to the park to meet the rest of his team. When he got to the park, he realised he'd forgotten his kit. The coach made him wear a kit that was 2 sizes too small. He was very embarrassed by the whole ordeal.
For 20 years Roxy suffered from health problems. She would go to many different Doctors over those 20 years. By the time she was 40 she was diagnosed with 10 different things. As her condition worsened her Internist had a diagnosis of his own. Roxy was finally diagnosed with Lupus.
Danny was organizing a dodge ball team in his community. Danny wanted to get the word out about the team. Danny decided he would make some flyers. Danny posted the flyers in the neighborhood. Danny was surprised when he got several calls to join the team.
Amy wanted a new bike. Everyday after school she would look at the bikes in a shop window. She had picked out her favorite and would look at it every day. One day her favorite bike wasn't in the window anymore. When she got home the bike was in her living room as a surprise gift.
Lucy got a new bag. She used it everyday. All of the sudden the zipper broke. Lucy got so mad about that. She had to get it fixed.
Richard was trying to get a new job. He was going on an interview. Richard put on a suit to go to the interview. He answered all the questions well. Richard got the job.
Sam woke up suddenly. He looked at his clock and saw it was 11:30am! He jumped out of bed and put on his school uniform. He brushed his teeth and hair. And then he remembered it was Saturday.
Cleaning out the house was a daunting task. Her whole life, she had never thrown anything away. Every drawer was packed full and the closet overflowed. Sue decided to do the job one room at a time. She vowed not to ever let it get this bad again.
I never learned to drive a stick shift as a kid. The other day I had to use my friend's car. And of course it's a five speed manual. It took a few minutes but I got the hang of it pretty quick. Now I can drive almost anything.
David needed a sofa for his apartment. And he saw one at a yard sale. He bought it despite its worn appearance. But after using it for a few weeks, David felt sick. He ended up throwing it away and buying a clean new sofa.
Lily was wearing a beautiful white dress to the dance. Someone accidentally spilled red punch on it. She didn't have any way to get home so she stayed. People thought the dress was white with a red pattern. She had a number of people compliment her on it.
The little birds sang outside the window. They chirped very loudly. Annoyed, my husband yelled at them. They responded by making louder noises. I couldn't stop laughing at them both.
Sally was trying to decide what she would have for dinner. It was getting late and she was hungry. Nothing sounded good and nothing was in the fridge. She decided to drive around to find something. She felt a little guilty but she decided on fast food.
The other day we had a terrible thunderstorm. The wind was howling and the rain was pounding. The power then went out. I was afraid we would get hurt. Luckily after ten minutes it stopped.
Lisa really wanted some new headphones. She couldn't believe how expensive they were though. Luckily she found a good deal for Bose. Lisa ended up buying them. When she put them on her head she loved them.
Jackson was trying to enjoy his Saturday. Unfortunately it was so hot he couldn't. He tried cold drinks to cool off but it didn't help. Finally he had a great idea. He took all of his friends to the lake to swim and cool off.
Ginger loved to paint furniture. She shopped at thrift stores and yard sales to find new pieces. She sanded, primed and painted every piece with care. She was good at it so people paid her lots of money for her furniture. She was able to open her own business just selling her art!
Jimmi was excited to get a new iPhone. The first thing he did was set his morning alarm. He'd had problems waking up in the past. That first morning, the alarm went off and wouldn't stop. In a sleepy daze, Jimmi tossed the phone across the room and broke it.
Jake went to stay at his family's coastal cab for a week. He went to rest one day on a rainy afternoon. Jake woke up to a sudden shaking of his whole house. He knew this would not be good, so he ran to higher ground. Just as Jake got to the top of the hill, a massive tsunami came in.
Walter was working in his garden. He noticed that a dog had pooped in his garden. Walter was upset. He talked to his neighbor about his dog. His neighbor kept a closer eye on his dog.
Clare found the letter. She opened it up. Inside was a small note. She threw the note away. She kept the envelope to use.
Beth wanted a sweet treat, but didn't want to leave the house. She looked in the cupboards but there wasn't much to work with. She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before. She mixed up the ingredients and put them in the oven. To her delight her basic sugar cookies were delicious.
Jeff was at a sandwich shop and called his friend Ike. Jeff asked Ike if he wanted anything. Ike asked for a hero. Jeff was not familiar with this term for a sub sandwich. Jeff went to the police station to find a hero there.
John went to the furniture store to pick out a nice chair. He looked for one that swiveled as well had rolled. The sales assistant helped him find one. The chair cost John only seventy five dollars. John was glad that there was an IKEA nearby him.
Carlton had always been afraid to dance with a girl. He loved watching people dance but he never participated. Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves. After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer. Now he often dances with girls at social clubs.
Pat and Lindsay's Jack and Jill party was coming up. They decided to ask friends and family to help out with ideas. Raffle baskets and games were decided on. A total of 12 people helped to sell tickets to their Jack and Jill. They made a lot of money with the help of family and friends.
Ned had always been shy. He had a longtime crush on Amy, a local cashier. He decided to fight his shyness and approach her. She immediately frowned up and ran away. Ned is now more shy than ever before.
Jen saw a house for rent, as she was walking one day. She wrote down the number on the sign out front and decided to call. The landlord gave a great offer for rent, and Jen decided to pursue it. After submitting her paperwork, she waited to hear back. The landlord called and she was approved and set to move in.
Tina was driving to the grocery store. All of the sudden someone cut her off. Tina was furious. She started raging. Then she realized it was not worth it.
The family was celebrating the 4th of July. They picked up fireworks from the store. They also bought lots of food. They had a big BBQ cookout. At night they lit off the fireworks they bought.
Today is my FB friend's birthday. Birdy is a manager of a local bank. My son worked there as a teenager and said Birdy was funny. Birdy swears and smokes and has three crazy kids. I wished Birdy a heart happy birthday on Facebook today.
Amy and Beth went for a walk. They walked past the house of Amy's crush Ray. Ray could be seen in the backyard talking to someone. Amy could see it was a girl. Amy vowed to never walk down this block again.
Philip was down on his luck and living behind a strip mall dumpster. Every day he would sift through trash to collect cans for recycling. One day while going through the bins he found a lottery ticket. It turned out to be a winner worth seven million dollars! Philip luck really changed that day.
I sat on my tablet on accident. I noticed that the screen was cracked. I looked online and found a replacement screen. I ordered the screen and waited. When it arrived, I replaced the broken screen.
Samantha was very busy during the day. She constantly thought about how to get all her work done. She thought of writing a schedule everyday. She started to write a schedule for her busy day. She felt she can get most of her work done during the day.
Ralph has a sore throat. His mother took him to the doctor. Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot. Instead, the doctor just check his temperature and throat. He then gave Ralph medicine so he could feel all better.
We're trying to potty train our new kitty. We bought her a pretty pink litter box with a lid and sliding tray. We put her in it every time she eats to see if she will use it. So far she seems to be getting used to it. She likes to scratch the sand up behind her.
Charles had to call a customer and sell him a warranty. He dialed a number and then looked at the name. His customer's name was Good Price. Charles laughed so hard at his customer's name. He laughed so hard the customer hung up.
Once upon a time, a fat dog lived in Florida with a family. They always fed the dog too much, so he never had to look for food. One day, he escaped from the back yard to look for fun. Sadly, he got lost and didn't have a place to go for dog food. He then had to eat people food and got even more fat than before.
Dan loved to dig. Sam also loved to dig. Dan was jealous of Sam's deep holes. Sam gave Dan his shovel. Now Dan could dig deep holes like Sam.
Some dog kept me awake till I could not take it anymore. Fed up, I finally got up and looked outside for it. The dog turned out to be a scruffy, skinny, little pup. I went into the kitchen and got the pup some food. I gave the puppy the food and I went back to bed, both of us happy.
Tim took his son to the fair. They were trying to hit bottles to win a toy. His son hit three different bottles. So he got to choose his toy. He choose a dog.
Madison loves cars. She learned how to fix cars from her family. She goes to trade school to improve her mechanical skills. Based on her mechanical prowess, she is offered a mechanic job. Madison is now a successful mechanic.
Kevin went to the local kite festival. He thought the kites were pretty, but he quickly grew bored. He took some scissors, and cut the strings of several airborne kites. He laughed heartily as the kites sailed into oblivion. Kevin was escorted out of the park by the festival security guards.
Matthew was bored one summer day. So his mom told him to go to the town pool. Matthew went over by himself. He made lots of friends there. Matthew was not bored for the rest of the summer.
Steve wanted a job! He was fifteen and ready to work. He applied at several stores near his home. One of them hired him on! He was so happy to receive his first paycheck, he almost cried!
Joe and David went hiking often. One summer day they noticed a new berry bush had grown. Joe told David not to eat any of the berries. David did not listen and ate the berries any way. David was very sick and Joe had to take him to a doctor.
Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire. Her cell phone wasn't charged. She couldn't call a tow truck. She was saddened. She went back inside.
Erica always acted very upright and proper. But everyone thought she was strange and uncomfortable to be around. Sometimes people would make fun of her. But she felt it would be awkward to say anything back. Over time, however, she was forced to become more and more improper.
The man shaves his face. He cut his skin. He started to bleed. He stopped the bleeding with the tissue. He forgot that he had the tissue on his face.
Martha was sick of paying costly utility bills. She wanted to get solar panels. She had them installed on her house. Her electricity bill became nonexistent. Martha was extremely happy with her purchase.
Mary rode her bike every day. Sometimes Mary rode with her sister Sally. One day Sally fell off the bike and broke her wrist. Mary helped Sally recover but Sally never rode her bike again. Mary misses riding with Sally but will never give up riding her bike.
King had always loved dancing since he was kid. He loved moving gracefully throughout the air. One day, he danced for 5 hours straight. He went viral on social media and got many fans. Now King is able to dance as his profession.
Alicia was invited to her best friend's wedding. Alicia decided she wanted to wear a fancy dress to the wedding. Alicia searched online and found the perfect red dress to wear. In addition, Alicia found a pair of shoes to match the dress as well. Alicia could not wait to see the fancy dress she had ordered.
I started playing the flute in fourth grade band. A teacher thought I had a lot of potential. She told my mom that I should take lessons. My mom agreed. My mom signed me up for flute lessons.
Alice was competing for swimming. She really wanted the gold medal. It was her dream to win. So she swam as best she could. Finally when it was done she won gold.
Rob wanted a Sega Genesis. His parents refused to buy one since he had a Nintendo. Rob saved his money from his allowance and his birthday money. When his dad Dan took him to the store to buy one he was $20 short. Dan hated to see Rob sad so he paid the $20.
Dan and his wife Mary went on a week's vacation. They decided to go to Las Vegas to see shows and relax. Dan slipped down to the casino one night while Mary slept. Dan lost several hundred dollars while gambling. Mary hasn't spoken to Dan since!
Andrew was very drowsy. He needed to go to work soon. Andrew went to the store and bought a very large coffee. He drank the coffee in one sitting. Now Andrew is very alert.
My sister in law is a waitress in an assisted living center. We were in her apartment last Tuesday, during an inspection. We saw four bottles of white out on her table. I asked her why she has so much whiteout. She said she took them from work one day but does not know why.
Melissa tried to move across a bush. She ran into a spider web. While she wasn't looking, a spider crawled on her hand. She felt it's legs and started to freak out. I took a book and tried to hit the spider.
Charles had a bad relationship with his mother. But he thought one day they would see eye to eye. Charles called his mom but her number had changed. He went by her house but she moved. Charles wondered was there anyone he could tell that he was abandoned?
A knife lay on a table in a dark and smoky bar. One man at the bar got in an argument with another. The man walked over to the knife and picked it up. He pointed it at the man he was having a fight with. The other man got scared and ran away.
Anna found out she could not have kids. She was devastated for a long time. Then she decided to adopt a child and love it as her own. She felt calm as she solidified her decision to adopt. And within a year, she had a beautiful adopted son!
Sam had a big speech coming up. He was going to be talking to thousands. He had prepared for months. The day of the speech Sam did a great job. Everyone was highly impressed.
Uncle Joe was having a get together BBQ. Has the sun began I saw something flapping in the sky. I asked Uncle Joe what kind of birds they had around his house. He laughed and said they were bats. I began looking closer and realized they really were bats.
It was a hot day outside. But the breeze from the ocean was apparent. Susie was getting cold. She had no coat. So she sat there shivering for hours.
Luke dove behind the bushes. He saw his ex girlfriend approaching. She passed by, and then turned around. Luke and his ex made eye contact. The girlfriend jumped into the bushes with him and they made out.
Yvette's parents forbade her from going to a concert. She snuck out one night to attend a concert. It was so loud that it hurt her ears. The people at the concert were sleazy and packed too tightly. Yvette had no problem complying with her parents thereafter.
Anna was visiting friends in Tokyo. She loved the culture and the cherry trees. But all the restaurants had mainly seafood! Anna had a hard time getting used to it. She had never eaten so much fish and crab in her life!
Joe was a young construction worker. He loved his job very much. One day Joe worked for 14 hours. His boss told him that was to many hours in one day. Joe told his boss he just loved working and apologized.
Ben wanted to become a plane mechanic. He had been interested with planes as a young boy. One day he fixed a rich customer's plane. The rich man decided to give Ben his plane! Ben now has his own plane to fly and work on!
Jimmy had recently gotten a new telescope from his school. Tonight he planned on using it. He went to his backyard and set up his telescope to face the night sky He focused on a bright spot in the sky. He was so excited to see the planet Venus through his telescope!
Leah hated clowns. Every clown she saw terrified her. One day, she decided to confront her fears. She went up to the clown at the circus and tried to be brave. It didn't work, and she ran away, crying.
Mary always wanted a puppy. So when she saw on in her driveway, she immediately brought it inside. Later, she heard a knock on the door. And two children asked her if she saw a puppy. Mary lied and kept the puppy.
Mark received an eviction notice from his landlord. He had no money and wasn't sure what to do. He made a few calls. Luckily, a charity offered to help him move. He was able to get into a new home quickly.
Fred had difficulty falling asleep last night. He is afraid that he will be sleepy at work today. Fred decides to drink a large coffee before work. The coffee helps him feel more awake. Fred is glad that he feels awake despite not sleeping well.
My old piano was falling apart, so I went to buy a new one. At the store, I saw that some pianos cost as much as my car! After some deliberation, I asked if I could make payments on one. The clerk said yes, so I bought a really expensive grand piano! When I got home, it wouldn't fit in my house.
Bill was a retired football player. He was one of the best kickers in the history of the sport. Recently he began coaching a junior football team. Bill works hard with his team and loves what he does. Some of his pupils have even gone on to become professional players.
Beth wanted to be a great ballerina. First, Beth practiced at home a lot. Then Beth took lessons, which improved her skills even more. Eventually, she tried out for a play. Beth earned a spot and got to dance on stage like she dreamed!
My niece was a big fan of Jack Vettriano fan. She put several framed prints up on her wall. She moved recently to a new apartment. There were no Vettriano prints in the new place. I found out her son had destroyed them in a fit of anger.
Anne rushed home after an eventful day of school. There was plenty of gossip and drama buzzing in her mind. She always wrote about such days in her diary. When she got into her room, she looked under her mattress. The diary was missing.
My wife has the Starbucks app. Starbucks said she could get a free drink on her birthday. She went to a Starbucks in the supermarket and they refused her. She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free. I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her.
Peter worked as a chef in a restaurant. Peter cut the tip of his finger one day with a sharp blade. The manager sent Peter to get medical help. Peter saw a doctor who tended to Peter's wound. Peter was back to work within a few days.
The man lit a sparkler. He held it in the air. It felt too hot on his hand. He set it on the ground. He accidentally stepped on the hot sparkler forty seconds later.
Bill and Jimmy were at their kickball game the other night. As the sun set, the lights didn't turn on in the park! Because it was dark, the game was paused. Bill and Jimmy waited in the dark for what seemed like forever. However, a few minutes later, the lights miraculously came on!
The Smith family had been looking for a dog. They went to the shelter every few weeks to find the perfect dog. One weekend they finally found it. They adopted a sweet black and white dog. They were excited to have new addition to their family.
Ben just joined the school band. The band director decided to place him with drums. Ben practiced every afternoon. His neighbors started to complain about the noise. Ben's parents' made him go outside to keep the noise down.
Arni opened a restaurant with his son. He taught his son to make the best pasta in the state. They advertised all over for their grand opening. Hundreds of people ate there that day. Their restaurant will be open for years.
The cheerleaders had competition in a week. Their coach made them practice for 5 hours every day. They were determined to win state. They practiced at school during 7th period and after school. They went to competition and placed first!
Fred had to go to a wedding. He got his black shoes out. Unfortunately his shoes were all dusty. He had to polish them. When he polished them they looked great.
Shay had written a new book. She was doing a book tour in her state. She arrived at the bookstore the first night and was upset. No one was there to see her! She sat alone, embarrassed.
Tyler decided to go to the casino on Saturday. He wanted to mostly play slots. He spent about four hours on slot machines. After losing, he decided to pull more money from his bank account. Overall, he lost one hundred dollars on his casino night.
Avery watched movies almost every day. Eventually Avery was inspired enough to write his own script. After presenting the script to a producer, the script was accepted. Avery worked with directors and actors to form the movie he imagined. The movie gained popularity and Avery became a professional writer.
Lindy wanted to have a surprise party for her husband. She planned it carefully when we wasn't around. She almost told him a few times. On his birthday she took him to his favorite restaurant. He was very surprised when there were 50 people there!
Miley was in a stock broker business. She usually made intelligence decisions and trades. Once Miley embezzled a bunch of her client's money. She tried to hide the truth from her company, but they fired her. When the SEC found out, they sent her to prison for a long time.
Lindsey wanted some money to buy a new dress. Lindsay told her mother that her daughter needed new school clothes. Lindsay brought a new red dress with the money her mother gave her. Lindsay's mother asked her where she got the new red dress. Lindsay felt guilty about lying to her mother.
Chad played his flute in the talent show. He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy. But then they announced that he'd won second place. Chad saw that second prize was a shiny medal. He decided he was okay with second place after all!
Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately. She had family coming for a mini vacation. They would need a shower and toilet to use. Tami told him she would call a plumber if he didn't so something. Faced with an ultimatum, Tami's husband got to work immediately.
My building has a buzzer system to control the front door. I am supposed to be able to speak with and allow entry to people. I can speak with them alright but the unlocking function is broken. Now I have to use the talk button to tell them to wait. Then I simply go down and let them in manually.
Bart is five and he loves trucks. He sits in a pile of dirt playing with trucks. He then gets up to find the perfect truck for moving dirt. In an old oak in the back of the property he finds a beautiful thing. This mythic item is the amazing dump truck that he plays with.
Harry was eating a burrito. But he didn't like it very much. So he wanted to eat something better to make up for it. But he became very full and bloated. Harry continued to eat until he was satisfied.
Paul and his wife Wendy couldn't have children. They decided that they wanted to adopt a child. They learned about an orphanage in Romania. Paul flew over there and began inquiries about abandoned kids there. Now, Paul and Wendy have adopted three orphaned Romanian babies.
The man went to prison. His cellmate tried to bully the man. The man fought his cellmate. He hurt his cellmate badly. The man got respect in the prison.
Emily was almost ready to leave the house. She suddenly realized that she couldn't find her keys. Emily looked everywhere and almost gave up hope. Then, she felt her back pocket. Emily realized that her keys had been in her pocket this whole time.
Mary's family was from New Zealand. One summer, she went to visit her relatives who still lived there. She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery. When the trip was over, she was very sad to leave. On the flight home, she made plans to visit again!
Aiden had lost his favorite toy train. Aiden looked all over the house for it. Aiden started to become sad about his toy train. Aiden asked his mom if they could look in the car. Aiden found the toy train in the backseat of the car!
The kids went on a trip to the candy factory. They were all very excited to learn how candy is made. They asked lots of great questions and got to see the machines. At the end, they all got a piece of candy. It was the best field trip they'd ever taken!
Sara had just turned thirteen. As a Muslim, she now had to wear a hijab to school. She was nervous about how her friends would react. But she was surprised by their response. Sara's friends thought the hijab made her face look great!
Darla was shopping for a candle. She went through the shelves, smelling each of them. She gathered up a few of her favorites. Then, she tried to choose her final choice. She decided on the apple flavor.
Megan had a poster of a model on her wall. She thought the model had a perfect body. She dieted to try to slim down and look like the model. But slowly Megan began to love herself as she was. She realized her own body was ideal for her.
Jenna was good with numbers and did all her family's taxes. Her dad wanted to falsify some information. Jenna refused and held her ground. Her dad insisted saying he couldn't pay more taxes. So Jenna invited him to give to charities to pay less.
John didn't like going to school because he missed his mom and dad. However, John did like animals. One day at school, the teacher brought in a bunny to be the class pet. John loved the bunny! After that, John liked to go to school.
Carl just married his college sweetheart, Mary. Carl didn't have much money but wanted to give Mary something special. Carl secretly began working a second job to make extra cash. After a year of hard work, he felt ready to present his gift to Mary. When Mary saw Carl's gift, and learned what he did, she wept.
Bobby had always been a big eater, and decided to enter a contest. The challenge was to eat as many pies as possible in 10 minutes. Bobby scarfed the pies as quickly as possible, and finished 12. He was awarded first prize, and received a large and shiny medal. But he didn't get to enjoy it long - he threw up almost immediately.
Kayla was only 13 but she wanted a pierced lip so badly. She asked one of her friends to do it since the tattoo parlor refused. Her friend put ice on her lip and heated the needle. It hurt like hell but Kayla was determined. Unfortunately her lip got infected and she lost part of it.
Betty always cooked at home. Her oven was very old and needed to be replaced. She bought a very nice model from a catalog. She made room for the delivery and waited patiently. She decided the first thing she would make would be cookies.
Rory, who is nine months pregnant, has a broken laptop. She makes an appointment at the store, but still has to wait. Rory begins having strong contractions, but refuses to lose her spot. She sweats and paces through the crowd until her name is called. With a working laptop, she heads to the hospital.
James was sitting in his room when he heard a scream. His aunt had found a spider in the hallway. James left his room and saw his aunt with a shoe in her hand. He waved his arms and told his aunt to stop. Then, he carefully picked up the spider and released it outside.
Sue's birthday was coming up. She wondered if anyone else at work knew. On her birthday, her co-workers surprised her with a birthday cake. They sang happy birthday and everyone ate cake. Sue was happy that her co-workers had celebrated with her.
Marianne was fascinated by plants. She acquired her first plant, a geranium, from her mother. She loved it so much, she had to have more. Marianne bought a new plant every week. Soon, Marianne had more plants than she could take care of!
Ryan loved to go to the station. Every time he went, there were many people there. One day, he went to the station with his friends. They ate a little and went on a train. After that, Ryan went to the station everyday.
Jerry was starting at a new school. So far, the day had gone well. Suddenly, he encountered a boy that he had met in summer camp. The boy and him had hated each other. Jerry went up to him and shook his hand to dispel the tension.
Jimmy was an artist. He was working on his biggest project yet. He worked on it every night for weeks. When he finished, he sold it at an art show. Jimmy was rich!
Josh played frisbee golf for the first time today. He realized he was pretty bad at the game. One of his throws went particularly off. The frisbee ended up hitting a girl in the face. Josh was humiliated at what he had done.
Knowing that reviews sell books, Jan sought reviews for her new title. She submitted to her favorite review service and waited three months. Her book was passed over and she was advised to revise her pitch. Jan rewrote the description, uploaded a new image, and resubmitted. It took two more months, but persistence paid off with a great review.
I didn't invited the young lady to the prom that like me. I was shy and hoping to meet her at the prom. When i arrived at the prom she was standing alone. I asked her to dance. After our first dance, I find out that she was already invited.
The little girl asked Santa for a new doll. She was very specific about how big it should be. She wanted it to have a pink dress. On Christmas morning, she was thrilled to open a box with the doll. It was a dream come true!
The kayakers had been out all day. They approached a huge waterfall. They hadn't realized it was on their path! They paddled to shore as quickly as they could. They made it just in time!
My friend stayed with me in the hotel. We went out for dinner and came home around nighttime. The next day, I woke up and couldn't find my wallet. I realized that I left it at the restaurant. My friend gave me $400 to survive financially until I got my cards bac.
Gina wanted to be a pretty girl. She was fat. None of the boys liked her. She worked hard and lost 40 pounds. She thinks she is a pretty girl now.
Terrance wanted to take a trip with his kids. He thought they spent too much time indoors. He banned all cell phones and computers. He took them camping out into the wilderness. Terrance and his kids shared a special bond that weekend.
Eddy was a mexican immigrant. He was very so much in love with his american beauty. They spent so many good times together. One day eddy gets told he is being deported. Eddy leaves the country and his love forever.
Roxy has crooked teeth. She has hated her teeth all of her life. So one day she decides to look into getting braces. The dentist tells her she's a good candidate to have them. Roxy gets braces put on that very day.
My favorite movie was ET. My brother and I fell in love with reese's pieces because of it. We ate them while we sat on the floor. We watched the movie many times that year. I wanted to be Drew Barrymore someday.
Adam lost his key one the walk home from school. He was unhappy with his carelessness. But making the same walk the next day, he spotted it! It was laying on the sidewalk in plain view! Adam was so glad he had found the key.
Jon decided to make pasta for dinner. He tasted the sauce. It was missing something. He decided to add garlic. Now, the sauce was perfect.
Today I took my toy boat out on the lake. I attached fishing line and a hood to see if I could get a fish. A fish started to bite at my line. I pulled in my boat and was surprised to see what was attached. It was the biggest fish I have ever caught.
Ellen was expecting to have a baby. She and her husband decided not to find out the baby's sex. Ellen went into the hospital to have the baby. The baby was a boy! Ellen and her husband were happy and surprised!
On vacation in senior year, Amy got a tattoo. She hid it from her mom. But one day her mom came in to wake her up. She caught a glimpse of Amy's tattoo! Amy was busted!
Before going home, Fatima went to a fast food restaurant. She ordered a hamburger with fries. She ate all of the food on her way home. Her kids were looking at her with a weird look on their faces. They asked if she forgot to wash her clothes since it looked dirty.
Gina was at her grandparents with her family. The house was small and there were too many people there. She just wanted to be alone for a while. Everywhere she went someone was already there. Gina stomped outside, searching for a place to be alone.
My cousin took us to a specialty pickle maker. When we got there, there was a booth with lots of jars on the table. We talked to the man who makes the pickles, and he is a former lawyer. He said he retired just to sell pickles, because they were so popular. We left with 10 jars with different flavors.
I went to the lake for a fishing competition. I got in my boat and went out to the middle of the lake. I felt a tug on my fishing pole and started reeling the fish in. The fish was at least five feet long. I won the fishing competition.
Jay's 7th grade class was told to be careful with the bunsen burners. It would be easy for someone to accidentally get burned. Jay was being careful, but not careful enough. He realized that his flame was too close to the girl in front of him. Unfortunately some of her hair was singed off before he noticed.
John was surfing the web at home. He experienced slow internet speeds and was frustrated. He drove in his car to a coffee shop. The coffee shop had faster speeds. John was happy about the fast speeds.
John was eating his lunch when his phone rang. He walked away long enough to answer it. When he came back, most of his lunch was gone. He looked over at his dog. His dog was licking his lips and chewing pieces of food.
It was a really windy day outside. Samantha was on her way to work. A gust a wind blew her wig off her head. Samantha chased after her wig. She finally was able to grab it after it got stuck in a tree.
Me and my dad went Cowboys stadium We were very excited and want to get inside asap. We decided to park in front of a restaurant. We thought it would be ok because there was no sign for towing. We came back and our car was towed.
My nephew has a two year old boy. He recently bought a house in the suburbs. His wife continued to bring their child to daycare in town. Last week they could not afford the mortgage and daycare. His wife's stepmom volunteered to watch the child.
The little girl went hiking in the mountains with her dad. She was walking ahead of him when she heard a buzzing. On the trail in front of her was a rattle snake. Her father told her to run but her legs would not move. Her dad came and carried her to safety.
Every class had art class twice a week. The second graders were working on pottery. They worked hard on their pieces. At the end of the week, they fired their projects. They displayed them in the hall at the school.
She had the extinguisher ready, though her brother laughed. He told her it wouldn't accomplish a thing but to get her killed. She glared at him in reply. As the fire approached the end of her street she felt the wind change. Before it could cause further damage, the rain extinguished it.
We went to IHOP for breakfast today. They were offering pancakes for $1. Proceeds would benefit childhood hunger. We each ordered a short stack and some eggs. I think this was a worthy cause.
For Gina it was yet another day at her grandma's house. She couldn't go back home until her parents were ready. They seemed to be taking the time. It felt urgent to Gina. But apparently she was the only one.
Drew was scheduled to attend a business conference in Europe. The night before his flight he gathered the items he would need. His wife helped him load the luggage. The morning of the flight he was picked up and driven to the airport. He almost missed the plane but luckily it was running late.
Amy had gotten bitten by a dog when she was young. She grew up terrified of dogs. Amy was now an adult. Her boyfriend had a dog. He had to keep it locked up when she visited.
Henry was eating dinner with his parents. He really didn't like the taste of the chicken. When his mom wasn't looking, he hid some in a napkin. Then, he shoved it in his pocket. Later, he was able to throw the food away.
Emma's daughter was 15 and wanted to be a model. She begged Emma to let her enter a local competition. At first Emma refused, thinking modeling was a bad career choice! But then she thought it over and decided to let her daughter compete. Her daughter didn't win, but she thanked Emma for the chance.
Aaron was on a baseball team. He had struck out twice in his last game. Aaron's coach suggested extra time practicing batting. Aaron went to the batting cages. He got three hits in the next game.
It was April Fools Day. Madeline wanted to trick her friends. She put toothpaste in some oreos. Then, she gave them to her friends. They fell for it.
Steve's dad had served in the navy. In the navy they made his dad take five-minute showers. Steve's dad made him take five-minute showers. This made Steve very angry with his father. At his first opportunity, Steve moved out of his father's house.
Richard always wanted to get promoted. One day he showed up extra early to work. He started doing that every single day. His manager approached him 2 months later. He finally got a promotion.
Brandon set up a lemonade stand one day. He enjoyed serving people who wanted a cool drink. He charged sixty cents a pop. He made ten dollars that day. He was very happy with that amount.
Susan wanted to lose weight. She joined a new gym across from her home. Her 50th class reunion was approaching. She wanted to look great and healthy. On the day of her reunion she had lost the weight.
Gina was at the store buying snacks. Her brother and his friend Joe were outside the doors. Gina normally avoided Joe, but there was no where to go now. Gina exited the store and tried to walk past them. Unfortunately, Joe saw her and yelled mean things as she walked away.
Ed grabbed his backpack as he ran out the door. He didn't notice at first that it seemed heavy. When he got to class he opened it. His little brother's rock collection was inside. Unfortunately, his books were not!
I walked out into the yard looking for my cat. He was on the lawn playing with a small object. As I got closer I realized the object was a small mouse. I checked to see if it was alive or not. The proud look on the cats face told me that no, it was not.
Mary had a long morning of studying. She was hungry and needed lunch. She went into the kitchen to choose something to eat. She settled on an apple and a peanut butter sandwich. After lunch, she felt much better.
Lacy wanted to stay up late working on her college paper. She found herself drowsing off at the computer though. Lacy drank a little coffee, before splashing some water on her face. Lacy was able to stay up until her paper was complete. She turned it in the next morning, getting a high grade.
Sarah didn't know what she should do after college. Feeling lost, she joined a charity organization. She got to travel to Africa to educate young children. Sarah realized teaching was her calling. Upon returning, she decided to become an elementary school teacher.
Paul had bought a toy for his son's birthday. His son wanted to play with the toy. Paul realized the toy needed batteries. Paul went to the store and bought the batteries. His son was excited to play with the new toy.
I asked if the DJ could play more Kendrick. My girlfriend asked for more Drake. We didn't argue, but the DJ played Drake instead of Kendrick. The DJ then went up to my girlfriend to talk. But she walked away and we left the party.
Walker loved to buy curtains. He had many different types of curtains. One day, he found a new curtain. He spent a lot of money on it. Finally, Walker had all of the curtains.
I started making my own baby food. I tried a few vegetables so far. My son seems to like them so far. I am going to try a few different vegetables next. I think they come out good.
Lisa was excited to go to brunch with Bobby. Bobby was one her best friends. She absolutely loved going to their favorite restaurant. The two of them ordered waffles. It was great for them to catch up.
I have a son that I go to the park to play basketball with sometimes. My son observed I kick my leg when shooting a three point shot. He then began to imitate this shot and named it the 'daddy shot.'. The following week I went with him to play basketball at the park. Went I got to the park everyone was doing the 'daddy shot.'.
Emma had dry skin. But her Vaseline didn't seem to help. Her friend recommended shea butter. And it was a lot more effective. Emma decided to only use shea butter from then on.
Seth bought a restaurant. He changed the menu of the restaurant. The regular customers did not like the changes. Seth went back to the old menu. The regular customers voiced their approval.
Adam was homeless and living in an alley. He ran across a stray dog. Adam gave the dog some of his food. The dog ate it all up and then cuddled next to Adam. From then on, the dog followed Adam everywhere.
Jessica dated Martin because he was a musician. She admired when he played the guitar. Once she went to his concert. She found out he plays jazz. She broke up with him.
Tom was obsessed with a new videogame. He wanted to find every secret and beat every possibility. He played it for several hours. Eventually he was able to achieve all his goals. Tom moved on to the next videogame.
The man signed up for a new cell phone plan. He got a new phone with the plan. He was not happy with the service. He cancelled the service early. He had to pay the full retail price of the phone as a penalty.
Sandy and her family live right next to the river. During a powerful storm, the river rose extremely high. Sandy kept an eye on the water as it inched closer to her home. She knew they needed to evacuate before they had no way out. Taking very things, they quickly left as water seeped into their home.
Cass wanted a new active hobby but hated sports. For his birthday his dad gave him a skateboard. At first, Class was really bad at it. After months of practice, Cass was able to execute a neat trick. Cass felt proud of himself and continued skating for years.
I was sitting the cafe when I noticed a woman looking at me. She came over to sit down and seemed forward. She introduced herself and we chatted for a while. I asked what she did, and she claimed to be an actress. I got two free tickets to a play tonight.
We forgot to take the dog last week to get his nails cut. His nails clattered across the floor as he ran. Suddenly, he climbed up on our couch when no one was looking. The dog left scratches everywhere. We had to buy a brand new couch.
Anna was diagnosed with Stage 3 lung cancer. She underwent aggressive chemo and treatments. Her tumors soon shrunk and could be removed. Annd went into remission. She felt so lucky and grateful to be alive!
It was 1 AM. And Lisa was lying awake in bed. A sudden whining noise outside disturbed her. And she saw a dirty looking cat in her backyard. She felt bad for it but couldn't risk to bring it inside.
The roads in Irving had lots of traffic. Drivers realized that it was because the traffic lights didn't work. The police came to observe the issue and figure out a plan. The police helped to direct the cars on the roads. Traffic began to move faster.
Ben decided to visit the pet store. He spent most of his time searching for a pair of goldfish. The cashier caught his attention and showed him around the store. He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster. At the end of the day, Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies.
Betty drew a picture in her notebook. Greg saw the picture over her shoulder. Greg asked Beth to draw a picture of him. Beth drew Greg with big muscles. Greg hung the drawing in his home.
Alaina was trying to take a photo while she jumped. She tried several times but none were coming out. They just kept coming out blurry. Finally, she got an idea. She recorded a video of her jumping and then made a screenshot.
Kyle was renting an apartment. He had been seeing a lot of roaches in his apartment. Kyle let his landlord know. Kyle's landlord never took care of the roach problem. Kyle found a new apartment.
Cathy was part of a local sorority. Cathy decided that the sorority should adopt a portion of the highway. She presented her idea to the sorority, and they loved it. Cathy and the sorority members located the area they wanted to adopt. Cathy was so excited that her sorority would be adopting a highway.
My husky has the zoomies. She keeps running from one room to the next. She is feeling very hyper. She is wagging her tail at me. She wants to play.
Mike analyzed everything. And he constantly complained and criticized. But eventually, he became very stressed and angry. Mike tried to take things less seriously. And soon, he noticed his mental health improve.
I downloaded the software. A bunch of strange icons appeared on my screen. I started clicking, trying to get rid of them. A virus had taken over my system. I had to take it in to get it repaired.
Victoria was the new girl at school. She wanted to fit in with everyone. She even dressed like the popular kids. Soon though she found it all boring and stopped following them. Victoria developed her own style even making new friends.
Andy decided he would take a day trip to the Florida Keys. Andy got in his car, and made his way to the keys. When Andy arrived, he stopped at a local restaurant for some food. After eating, Andy then took a swim in the ocean. Finally, Andy enjoyed the sunset before heading back home.
A crowd of people began to walk through a train station. People not in the crowd took notice of them. Some people joined into the crowd and walked with them. The crowd began to grow much bigger. Soon everyone was walking with the crowd.
The sweet husky stared up at her. She couldn't resist those brown eyes. She grunted at her human mother. The woman reached down and pet her. She gave her lots of doggie kisses.
Blake wanted to marry his girlfriend. He began working long hours and saving his money. He saved enough to buy a ring, car and house down payment. Blake proposed and his girlfriend said yes. She was very impressed with his hard work and preparing.
Abby was trying to find a accessory for Easter. After looking at several stores, Abby finally found her item. Abby spotted a pair of pink bunny ears, and purchased them. Abby felt the bunny ears were a perfect accessory. Abby could not wait to wear her bunny ears for Easter.
Matt wanted to go back in time. He went to the library to look up books about time travel. He read all the books he could find. Then he decided to create his own time machine. He never succeeded because time travel is probably impossible.
Callie was afraid to drive. She had never driven by herself. She knew she had to get her license. Her parents put her in Driver's Ed and Callie passed. Callie went to take her driving test and got her license.
David was extremely hungry. On his way to the shop, he saw an elderly homeless man. The homeless man asked if he had any change. Although David wanted the money for food, he gave the man the money. David knew he could use his card so that the man could eat also.
Mike told Pete he'd endorse him as a candidate. When he got up to the mic, Mike changed his mind. He said he didn't think Pete could do the job as well as he could. Mike threw his hat into the ring right there. Pete was so furious he never spoke to Mike ever again.
I went to the doctor. The doctor ordered a brain scan for migraines. No contrast was used. Luckily no tumors were found. A stress free vacation ordered by the doctor.
My niece's daughter Kayla got accepted to two colleges recently. She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College. She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions, however. Her mother was upset, causing Kayla to get angry. We tried to tell her mom not to be such a stage mother.
Brandon got up to look for his phone. He searched for two hours. He decided to call it with his mother's phone. He heard the phone ring. Brandon found his phone inside the couch.
The man loved beef. He ate a hamburger every day. He developed high cholesterol. The doctor advised the man to stop. The man refused to stop eating beef.
Cynthia needed a new job. She'd put in applications everywhere. When no one called back, she decided to do at-home work. Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses, making money. She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store.
Luisa is sleeping one night. She woke up and sees the shape of a man. The man is dressed in white. She puts on her glasses to get a better look at the man. When she wears her glasses she can't see the man anymore.
It had been raining all day. The rain washed a lot of mud into the gutter. It caused a lot of flooding. The city workers came to clear the mud away. Soon the streets were draining.
Before we met, he told me he was short. I am a very tall girl, but I didn't care. We talked about it at length. We decided it should not matter. We ended up meeting anyway.
Sarah was struggling to pay the bills. She had recently been unemployed. She had to move back with her parents. Her parents helped her find a job at the local bakery. Sarah was able to get back on her feet with the help of her parents.
Annette was afraid of tornadoes. When her husband got a job in Oklahoma, she was afraid to relocate. She was worried that a tornado would hit their home. Her husband promised her that they would have a storm shelter. This reassured Annette, and she agreed to the move.
My Mom read that raw milk was a healthy food. She found a farm that sold raw milk. We have been drinking it for 12 years. Our cat got sick and we fed it some raw milk. It helped him get better without going to the vet!
Kim wanted to build her own computer. She bought most of the parts online. She put them together herself. Kim was able to find clear instructions online. She was very happy with what she built.
Tim loved the idea of Alaska. He saved up money for a cruise. Nobody wanted to go with him. He went alone and saw many beautiful sites. He loved it and hopes someone goes with him next time.
Sean went to the racetrack with his dad yesterday. His dad bought him a meeting with a famous race car driver. Sean was very happy. He told the driver that he wanted to race when he was older. The driver gave him tips and told Sean to always follow his dreams.
My husband and I went on a sabbatical and left our things in our home. When we returned, we decided to move to a different location. We didn't realize when we were gone that the water main had broken. We came back to pack our stuff and my husband had to use the bathroom. It was not a fun way to find out the water had been shut off.
Dan had been waiting for this day for 40 years. Today was the day Dan was going to retire from his job. Dan felt happy, yet sad about not seeing his coworkers everyday. However, Dan was excited for the travelling and charity work upcoming. Dan was so happy that he could retire from his job after 40 years.
Kelsi did not like Tanya. As a result she said mean things. Miranda called her out on it. Kelsi then apologized. She felt badly.
Anna was making a haunted house for Halloween. She put up scary decorations. Then she hired her friends to help. They dressed up and jumped out to scare visitors. Anna's haunted house was a big success!
Charles graduated from college six years ago. Recently, while depressed, he researched wealthy alumnus. He e-mailed links to his writing portfolio to some rich alumnus. He didn't think he'd get a response by e-mailing through facebook. After 2 weeks someone wrote him back and scheduled him a job interview.
My grandpa had an old farm cat. That cat loved my grandpa. One day the cat came up and laid a dead mouse at his feet. The cat seemed very proud of his hunting skills. Then he seemed sad when our dog ran up and ate the mouse.
Yani has been working at her first job for a month. Since she's saved up some money, she decided to buy her mom something. She went online and found a jacket her mom has mentioned. A few days later, she surprised her mom with the gift. Her mom became emotional from the gesture.
My family was preparing beef soup for the entire family She placed the meat first, in order to cook it fast. The vegetables were poured afterwards. When everyone ate the soup, they complained about what's wrong. My grandmother simply walked away.
It was time to take the kids to school. The three of them were bundles in their coats and hats. Until the oldest remembers she forgot her lunch. I rush to the kitchen and throw together a lunch for her. Now out the door we go and school bond!
James was having troubles with his girlfriend. They had been arguing a lot recently. James wanted to make things right with her. He bought her a bouquet of roses. They were able to kiss and makeup.
Ray was a teenager and joined a boxing gym. Ray had a dream of becoming a champion fighter. A coach at the gym began training Ray personally. Ray improved and began taking professional bouts. Ray went on to become the American lightweight champion.
Ted was unhappy in his life. He remembered a book he read written by a scientist. The book said humans are social creatures. The book said a man's quality of life is determined by sociability. He decided to go out of his way to meet new people, he became happier.
Gina was carrying gallons of water in plastic bags. She left the grocery store and headed into the parking lot. The melting snow slush covered the ground. She slipped and caught herself as she walked. Gina was relieved to make it to her car without falling into the snow.
Jane started writing a book. She had been working on it for a while. She finally finished it. She submitted it to a publisher. It was accepted and published.
Tom was a freshman in school. Tom received poor grades and did not try hard at school. Tom made a new friend named Jon. Jon was a straight A student. Tom studied with Jon and soon became a straight A student.
Yolanda was scared to go to the salon and get her haircut. This was the first time she was going to get her haircut. Yolanda sat in the salon chair as the hairstylist worked magic. To her surprise the stylist did not take that much off. Yolanda looked in the mirror and actually liked the cut.
I was preparing a toxic chemical with my friend in the lab. We successfully managed to create it. Since the smell was strong, my friend smelled it for a minute. As a result, she fell on her knees and passed out. I tried to wake her up but she gained consciousness in a few minutes.
Jane was driving down the road when a bee flew in her window. She didn't want to get stung, so she pulled off the road. Jane opened all the doors and the bee flew out of the car. Jane was relieved she hadn't gotten stung. She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip.
Gary visited the aquarium. He decided to pet the whale that was in the water. The whale was calm at first. However, he quickly reacted and started to move. Gary ended up unconscious when the whale hit him with its body.
Sam went to the new coffee shop in town. There was a huge line of people waiting. Sam waited for 20 minutes before he was able to order. When he got his order he took a sip. He got the wrong order and had to stand in line all over.
Gina was in her class sitting at her desk. A boy named Dave ran past and knocked her book off her desk. Gina yelled at him as he ran away. He stopped and pointed while laughing. Gina threw her book and hit him in the arm.
Briana was playing outside. Her driveway had a big wall through it. She tried to climb along it. Suddenly, she slipped and fell to the ground. She hit her nose and started to bleed.
Joe was taking his son to a carnival. In the carnival Joe took his son to see a clown show. Joe's son loved seeing the clown. His son laughed at the clown. Joe was happy to see his son happy.
There was a strange noise in the laundry room. I opened the door and a bird swooped through. The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room. I got a broom and managed to chase it out an open door. It seemed eerily quiet after all that.
Ed was fishing in the pond. He caught a huge goldfish! Someone must have released their fish there. The fish grew huge. Bemused, Ed set it free.
I bought a new ball and mitt today. My dad took me outside to play catch. It was my first time. I wasn't very good. By the end of the day I could throw and catch like a pro!
Chantal was stuck under the rain. She looked around for a shelter, but couldn't see one. She started running in a random direction. She ran and ran until the rain stopped. Then she found a shelter and she was drenched.
Ashley wanted to buy her first pet. She drove to the pet store to look at all the different animals. Ashley found an adorable puppy that she instantly fell in love with! She decided to name her new puppy Spot. Now Ashley and Spot are the best of friends!
John and James got into an argument. They both agreed to settle it with a foot race. The two of them lined up on the track. A friend told them to begin running. They tied and agreed to let the argument go.
Tucker was lying on the couch watching television. The satellite lost its signal. Tucker missed the end of the movie he was watching. He found the movie on an online service. Tucker streamed the rest of the movie online.
Yve wanted to join the army. He had to wait until he turned 18. He signed up on his 18th birthday. Yve died while saving children while deployed. Yve was a hero who went down in history.
Lulu is terrified of needles. This morning, she had to go to the vet to get a shot. When the technician walked in, Lulu saw the needle. She got so scared, she stood up and let out what sounded like a scream. The tech was very careful, and did not hurt her.
Abigail was having a birthday party. She had invited her entire class. Two girls were being mean and trying to take all of the attention. Abigail was upset and left. Luckily, her mom noticed and asked the girls to be nicer.
Hugh was performing a solo in his school concert. He invited his family to come see him sing. They all showed up to witness his big debut. They watched attentively all through the concert. Afterwards, they all told him how well he had performed!
Gordon was doing poorly in history. He talked to his teacher about his grade. The teacher gave him an extra credit assignment. He had to do a diorama showing life in during the civil war. Gordon got enough extra credit to boost his grade.
Melvin did not have electricity where he lived. Candles were used to illuminate the dark. Melvin ran out of matches however. He couldn't go into town this dark out. The darkness overcame him.
Anna had always liked her curvy figure. Then one day she overheard some boys joking about her. They made fun of her chubby face and features. For a moment Anna was devastated - but then she recovered. She resolved not to let anyone else affect her self-esteem!
Ed was a bad kid in class. He always yelled out when the teacher was talking. This time the teacher had had enough of his yelling. He was sent to the principal's office. Ed never yelled out in class again since.
It was Tim's first day of college. He tried to get to class in time. When it started he was confused. He quickly realized he was in the wrong class. He missed his first real class.
On Sunday my wife and I went down to our apartment building lobby. They had free coffee there, plus a tv. We watched a show about traveling in France. The dessert was a cheese assortment. I had cheese for dessert that very night.
The White family went to the zoo. They had to travel in the car for a hour to get there. They walked all around the zoo looking at the animals. The little children played in the water fountains for the kids. Everyone was tired and happy when they headed back home.
Harold needed new friends. He decided to put an ad on the paper. He met several different people. Unfortunately none was quite right. Harold gave up hope and just hangs out alone now.
Frank had never been on a train before. He was excited, but a little nervous. The train left the station as Frank found his seat. He looked out the window as the countryside rolled by. He really enjoyed riding on the train.
The planes were all flying into the airport. The flight controller made sure they all landed safely. It was a very busy day and he had a lot to monitor. When he finished his shift, he was exhausted. He had a very stressful job.
Adam wanted to own a Jeep. He saved a few hundred dollars. Then he went to the dealership. They took his cash and let him trade in his current car. Adam got to drive away in a Jeep!
Sandra was on a shopping spree. She had gift cards from last Christmas. And spend it all in one day at the local store. She was happy at first while she was shopping. But soon realized she was hiding her sadness with materialistic items.
Nik wanted hot dogs for dinner. But, he had no mustard. It was snowing outside and there was a blizzard. Still, Nik braved the weather and went to the grocery store. He bought his mustard and had hot dogs for dinner.
Missy wanted to change her hair color. She wasn't sure which color she should switch to. Missy looked at lots of pictures of hair in magazines. She decided to try a vibrant purple dye. Missy loved the color and her new look!
In Anatomy class I have to work on a dead body. It was hard to go into the room. It stunk so bad. There were 5 dead bodies out. I had to leave because I nearly got sick.
Billy was excited that school was out. His mother told him she needed to speak to him. Billy had done poorly in school. His mother said he needed to attend summer school. Billy sulked into his room.
Sarah left for lunch. When she got to the restaurant, she saw she'd forgotten her wallet! She apologized to the waiter. The man at the next table heard her. He paid for her lunch!
For Spring Break Sue's dad took her to St Lucia. They rented a sailboat and sailed all around the island. One day they anchored in a cove and went snorkeling. They saw all sorts of beautiful coral and fish. As she went to sleep that night Sue could still see all bright colors.
Quinten wrote a short screenplay for his acting class. He presented the screenplay in front of the class. The class voted his play the best in the class. The entire class cooperated to make his play. The class presented his play in live performances for two weeks.
Bob and Lucy were tired of making the same dinners every night. They decided to take a cooking class together. They learned how to make over twenty different kinds of dishes. They had so much fun they signed up for another course too. Now they make a different dinner every night.
Will is at an after work party with his co-workers. Will has some of the punch on the table. About 30 minutes after his stomach starts to make noises. Will rushes to the bathroom where he relieves himself. He then heads home to rest and get better.
Elle and her boyfriend decided to go apple picking. They spent the entire morning walking through the orchard. Elle saw the perfect apple dangling from a tree. While trying to reach the apple, Elle twisted her ankle. Elle and her boyfriend spent the afternoon at the hospital.
Jan was a new server at a restaurant where Lars worked. Jan was inexperienced and afraid that she would mess up. Lars noticed this and offered to help her learn the ropes. With his help she was able to become a more skilled server. This also brought them closer to each other, and they started dating.
Tom had really bad vision. He finally went to an optometrist. Tom was told he needed new glasses. Tom couldn't afford them. He stayed squinting for a long while.
Tim needed help with his homework. He asked his brother John to help him. John told Tim that he couldn't help him right now. John was busy playing video games. Tim ended up failing his homework.
Kim was moving into a new apartment. She didn't buy movers. She tried to do most of it herself. Her television was too heavy. She dropped it while trying to move it.
Dora noticed telemarketers always interrupted visits at her mom's. So she put her elderly mom's phone number on the do not call registry. Months later, Dora visited her mom again. Noticing her mom seemed down, Dora asked why. Her mom said she was lonely without the daily sales calls.
It was a scorching hot summer day. Ben's mother set up the slip and slide in the yard. All the kids came over to play. They spent hours outside playing. Before they knew it, it was time for dinner.
Dustin notices that his car is filthy. It is strewn with fast food wrappers and coffee cups. Dustin spends one Sunday afternoon cleaning out his car. It takes longer than he expected. However, once it is clean, Dustin feels much better.
Ben was a cashier. He really wanted to be a musician. One night while doing some cleaning in his store. He started singing. A man from a record company heard him and signed him to his label.
Gina was having a hard time washing a bed spread. It seemed not to want to fit in the washer. It was floating on the water which filled the washer. Gina needed to push the bedspread into the water. Finally she was able to get it in the washer, and close the top.
Michael had a pet dog. One day michael got attacked by a thug. The thug threatened to hurt Michael. As soon as Michael was about to be struck, his dog jumped in to help. Michael and his dog were friends until the end.
Jill left her perfect Thanksgiving turkey on the counter for a minute. She went back to get it to take to her waiting guests. But it was gone! She saw her big dog rounding the corner with it in his mouth. She had to serve just side dishes for Thanksgiving dinner.
Drew started to climb the mountain after receiving approval. For the first couple of seconds, he climbed calmly. However, he started to freeze after climbing higher. His hands froze. As soon as he came down, the ambulance came.
Susie was playing with her dog. Her dog had been a good girl all week. So Susie decided to give her a little treat. The dog instantly lunged for it. Susie thought it was adorable.
This morning I woke up very early to bake a cake. I gathered all of my ingredients: flour, sugar, eggs. When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven. Unfortunately, the cake fell flat! Then I realized I forgot the baking powder, too bad.
Heather needed to stay home for a few days straight due to a illness. She was extremely bored while she wasn't feeling well. She had gone on the internet all day long, even that was getting old. Heather decided to put a free movie on using her cable DVR box. She ordered a movie, watched it, and then felt better.
The boy counted to ten. He missed the number seven. His mom told him that he had missed a number. The boy tried again. The boy counted to ten successfully.
Jenna and Mark were excited to take their son Bart to the beach. Mark brought along his family's heirloom bocce ball set. Mark explained the rules to Bart and showed him how to play. The three played for hours, taking breaks to swim in the ocean. By the end of the day, Bart was proud to have won a round of bocce.
Bob was shopping at the mall. He went to go pay for a watch. Then, he realized he lost his credit card! Bob decided to use his debit card. Alas, he had insufficient funds.
John and Cathy have been dating for 2 years. They really love each other. John decides he wants to marry Cathy. He buys a diamond engagement ring. Cathy answered yes when John asked her to marry him.
I was craving a BLT sub. A bought a sub and chips from Subway. I ate everything in one sitting. I am very full. My belly looks very round now.
Kenny was walking down the street, and saw 2 children playing. While looking closer, he what he thought was playing was not. The children were torturing a baby crab on the ground. Kenny intervened, and made the children stop hurting the animal. The children went on their way, and learned not to hurt animals.
Sarah was babysitting her neighbor's kids. They were throwing a tantrum. Sarah decided to put on a funny movie. She put on Shrek on the TV. The kids were able to calm down and watch the movie.
Today was Jim's 21st birthday. His family took him to a sports bar. Although they gave him money, he ordered an alcoholic drink. The bartender handed the mug. He quickly rushed the drink down his throat.
AJ took his daughter to their favorite restaurant. They like to eat there every now and then. They spend the same amount of time looking over the menu. AJ and his daughter always order the same dish. They enjoyed their meal.
Ted went out to his bicycle one day. He saw he had a flat tire. He ran back inside to grab his pump. He pumped up the tire as it only had a slow leak. He rode it to the bicycle shop and had his tire fixed.
Alex has a history test. He has studied for two days. He believed he was ready. When he got to the test, he panicked. He ended up missed ten questions, and failed.
One day Sam got lost from his mom in the mall. He looked behind all the clothes racks but couldn't find her. He looked in all the other stores but still couldn't find her. She wasn't in the food court, so Sam asked a security guard to help. When the security guard found Sam's mom, he was so glad to see her!
Patsy was petrified of taking her behind the wheel test. She practiced parallel parking for hours, sure she'd fail that part. The day of the test, Patsy could think of nothing else. She made it through without hitting a cone. She was so relieved she drove right through a stop sign.
Tom hated reading. His teacher talked to him about it. The teacher found out what Tom was into. He recommended some specific books. Tom got really hooked on one of the series.
Tabitha loved to read. She decided to go to the bookstore. She walked around the aisles. Finally, she found a new book she thought she would like. Tabitha rushed home to begin reading her new book.
Erick was a hiker who loved going up to the mountains. On one of his trips, he took his friend Mark who had never hiked. Mark had trouble climbing the rocks at first. Mark learned to climb well and started to like hiking. They started hiking together on weekends.
Allan was a very skinny man. He hated the way he looked. One day he decided that he was going to put on some weight. He began to drink protein shakes and eat 10 times a day. Allan is no longer very skinny.
Jake noticed a light out in his room. He tried replacing the bulb. It didn't do anything. Eventually he tried looking at the fuses. Jake realized which was the problem and replaced.
Ian decided to grow his own vegetables in his backyard. He thought it would save him money. But he got tired of watering of them. It turned out to be a lot of work. Ian felt like a full time farmer.
Tom was buying some fast food. When it was time to pay he was short a few cents. Unfortunately Tom was unable to find the money in his pocket. The worker was cool, though. They let Tom have the food anyway.
Joe needed a new desk. His had a broken leg. He went to the office store to find one. It took him hours to find one he liked. He finally bought a new desk.
Richard started taking dance lessons at his local gym. Richard noticed that he was losing weight and feeling more energized. When the class ended he took another class. And when that new class ended, he take taking more dance classes. Eventually he got good enough to teach a class of his own.
I decided to take my cat to see my parents across the country. I took her to the airport with me, hoping for the best. When we got to the security line, she screamed bloody murder! Eventually she calmed down and slept in the plane. I was relieved when we made it to my mom's house.
Nick started to feel a lot of pain in his hip when he walked. Taking pills did not help his hip, so Nick went to see his doctor. The doctor said Nick needed surgery to replace his old, worn-out hip. They scheduled an operation for the next month, and it was a success. Now Nick is pain-free and can walk as much as he likes!
Derek was excited for the new soccer season to start. He had practiced every day. On the first day of the season, the coach revealed the new uniforms. They were an ugly purple and green color. Derek made a face.
Peter had been to a birthday party and received a bag full of treats. Emily, his little sister, was sad that she had no candy of her own. Peter hesitated, but then gave Emily half of his candy. Emily was so excited that she hugged Peter three times! Peter felt good that he had decided to be so generous.
Pam had her first art exhibit in the evening. She was nervous and hoped people liked her work. Nobody seemed to notice her art. A man then walked up to paintings to take a look. He exclaimed it was his favorite part of the exhibit.
Marion and Louise had a pet parrot named Preacher. When I walked in, Preacher said hello. He started learning my name when he saw me. I walked in one day and he said hello with my name. I said hello back, and he asked how I was doing.
Allie went to the local restaurant yesterday. She ordered a steak. After waiting an hour she wanted to see what was up. She asked the waiter and the waiter forgot. Allie then decided to leave.
A hussar was riding in the woods one day, scouting for the enemy. He came upon a farmstead, and hailed a yeoman toiling in the fields. The yeoman returned his hail, and asked after the health of the Czar. Surprised, the hussar returned that there were no more Czars. The yeoman cursed the hussar, who rode away shaking his head.
I had to get a new phone because I had dropped mine. When I dropped it, the screen shattered. I took it to the store and they replaced it for me. It didn't cost too much. When I got home, I dropped the new phone and it broke, too.
In the middle of the park, a few gun shots got fired. Everyone ducked in order to protect themselves. A few minutes later, several sirens went off. The park official told everyone to leave. The man who was firing the shots got caught.
Jon needed fill up his car tank with gas. He stopped at the gas station. While the tank was filling up, he decided to smoke. A nearby police officer spotted Jon smoking. He scolded Jon and told him about gasoline safety.
Tom didn't have any friends. He decided to make some. He took his basketball to the park. He asked a boy to play with him. They played basketball for 2 hours.
Susie got a new hair oil. She thought it was great. When she tried it, it worked good, Susie wanted to buy more. She loved it.
Lunch time was near and Tracy was hungry. She checked the fridge and didn't find anything she wanted. Tracy decided to cook something new. She found a great recipe and had fun putting it together. Tracy really enjoyed her lunch.
After playing outside in the snow Jemma was feeling quite chilly! She decided to make herself a cup of hot chocolate to warm up. Jemma heated the milk carefully, then poured it over the powder. Then she sat down to drink the warm, frothy beverage. When the cup was empty, Jemma felt warm and satisfied.
I was sitting my backyard. I fell asleep. Suddenly, I woke up! Something had hit my head! I realized it was an acorn that fell from the tree.
Everyone told Beth how great Chipotle was. One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her. Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed. That night she dreamed of the burrito. Amy ended up eating Chipotle for 5 days straight.
For Christmas Susan got a new bike. She went outside to ride her bike. Suddenly she fell and broke her leg. Susan had to go to the doctor immediately and get it checked. She had to get a cast and wasn't able to ride the bike for a while.
Tom's apartment was pretty dark. He noticed not a lot of light would go in. Tom decided to clean his windows. He had neglected them for a long time. The cleaner windows allowed a lot more light in.
Marsha was teaching a class for the first time one day. She was nervous about what the students would think of her. When she was in class, she tried to be both funny and informative. The students were very engaged through the whole class. This gave Marsha the confidence to continue being a great teacher.
Bart had a hard math test coming up. Bart wasn't good at math so he hired a tutor. The tutor was a charlatan and was also bad at math. Consequently, Bart failed his math test. Therefore, Bart decided to sue the tutor.
My sister's graduation ceremony was finished. The Principal and Staff announced to everyone that they can leave. While people were moving down from the upper seats, a fight broke out. Two people were wrestling with each other. In addition, one fell down the stairs.
Jon went with a friend to a bar. The bar was rowdier than any others that he had been to. Jon's friends got into a fight at the bar. Jon and his friends all got arrested. Jon never went to the bar again.
Derek has an interview for a job. He walks in the meeting place. He is noticeably nervous He messes up during it. He doesn't get the job.
Jude loved his motorcycle. It made him feel free and alive. He was doing tricks on the interstate one night. He lost control and crashed. He will never be able to ride again.
Danny decided to have a walked at the park. He got some newspaper and sat on the bench. Suddenly, the rain falls and he didn't even got an umbrella. He got wet and disappointed. But then, he just enjoyed the rain.
I decided to disprove the Four Color Map Theorem. I got a big piece of poster board out of the closet. I grabbed some crayons from the garage. After a few hours I had a pretty messy picture. I got it framed.
Ray was walking through his college campus. And he saw a man put a water bottle in a trash can. Ray became infuriated as it wasn't put into a recycling bin. So he took out the water bottle from the trash and yelled at the man. He arrogantly put the water bottle in the first recycling bin he saw.
The Bluejays were a good team. They had won all of their soccer games that season. They made it to the championship game. The team captain gave them a pep talk. They were psyched for the big game!
Yesterday, my back hurt. My friend Jake told me to go see his chiropractor. I was apprehensive at first, but I went anyway. The chiropractor cracked my back in three places. Afterwards, my back never felt better.
Emily had a hard semester. She took an economics class that was really difficult. She studied every night but still only got a C. Emily decided to switch her major. She looked for something that didn't require any economics classes.
After years of coloring, I was ready to embrace my grey hair. After a few weeks, I had a noticeable grey stripe growing out. My stylist cut my hair super short, and I kept the part messy. We gradually kept cutting until only the grey hair was left. Once I'd grown it longer, I loved my new silvery look!
Gina was finally done enrolling in high school. There were only 2 classes left for the day. She made her way to her 5th hour class. The school was big and she got lost. She was late to class, but the teacher was understanding and kind.
Gina was making pasta. She put the colander in the sink. When she poured the boiling water in, it splashed on it. Gina got horrible burns. She threw the dangerous colander away.
Lacy had said she would stop smoking. She went to a bar and everyone was lighting up. The smoke made her start coughing. Lacy realized just how invasive second hand smoke was. She started a petition online to ban smoking from bars.
The man took a taste. It needed something more. He added some salt. He tasted it again. It tasted just right.
Warren stumbled into the ladies' room. He was wearing high-heeled shoes and a platinum wig. The purple dress he was also wearing didn't suit him. Moments later, a suited, suave looking Warran exited the bathroom. Warren made sure no one had noticed, and continued with his spying.
Tom had just moved to the east coast. One night there were some slight tremors. Tom had never felt that before. He freaked out and started yelling. All his friends made fun of him.
Mark was swimming with his family. His workplace had called with a few questions for him. He was wading in the water while talking on the phone. Suddenly, the phone slipped from his hand. It fell into the water and broke immediately.
Gina was sitting on her porch talking to her sister. Gina expressed her dislike for a girl on their block named Jane. Her sister didn't like her either. Gina was surprised her sister didn't like Jane. They seemed to get along a lot better than Gina and Jane did.
Robbie liked doing extreme sports. There was not any type of extreme sport he didn't already try. His girlfriend suggested he take up something safer. She was able to talk him into joining a local book club. Robbie like it so much he started his own book club.
Andy always fed his cat human food. His friends would tell him this was bad for the cat. Andy refused to listen to his friends until his cat go sick. He worried for his cat and was foolish for doing it. Now Andy only feeds his cat high quality cat food.
Aubrey's grandmother had sent her a gift. It was a homemade Christmas ornament. On it was a picture of her baby and it said "My First Christmas". The only problem was that the word "First" was misspelled. She decided not to say anything to be polite.
Cindy didn't know what to eat for lunch today. So she asked her friend for good spots. Her friend recommended a nearby burrito bar. Cindy ordered a loaded burrito from the restaurant. She's now a frequent customer.
Kelly and her friends decided to make some jello. They always loved jello. They made some red jello in a strawberry mold. When it was done it looked great. Most importantly it tasted good.
I had a big pile of dirty laundry. I left to go run errands. When I got home my pile of dirty laundry was gone. I asked Shelly if she had seen my clothes. Shelly said Michelle took my laundry to the laundromat.
When Eric showed up to work today he was shocked. He heard terrible news that his boss had passed away. Eric felt like he was being groomed to take the job after his boss. His boss passing away meant they were getting a new boss. Even in mourning Eric hoped the job would be his.
The children woke up to a small noise within the house. Outside, the sun had not yet risen this Christmas Day. The children scurried to their bedroom door to listen to the sounds. Afraid of catching Santa in the act, the children woke their parents. The family hurried to the tree to meet their new noisy puppy.
Amy was going to her grandmothers. Amy asked her mother if she could wear her favorite dress. Her mother told her the dress was too fancy. Amy put the dress on anyway. Amy's mother marched her upstairs and made her change.
Bernie told his supporters they had accomplished much. Now was the time to support his opponent to ward off a bigger evil. His supports weren't having any of it. They booed the suggestion they shouldn't vote for Bernie. Bernie was terrified of what that might mean for the country.
Our daughter moved to NYC from Boston. She and her husband and daughter live in Queens. Her husband's television broke down. He is a philosophy teacher and makes little money. We all chipped in and bought him a new big screen tv.
My niece went to the party last week end. She wears polo and black pants. I thought maybe that what makes her comfortable. She got home with a girl. I got shocked when she kissed the girl.
Ken was a disk thrower. He was slated for the upcoming olympics. Ken accidentally injured his shoulder. He had to do physical therapy to get better. Ken was lucky to be able to make the olympics.
Christmas was quickly approaching and James hadn't bought any gifts. His job gave him a pay cut right before the holiday season. James worked all the overtime hours he could but it wasn't enough. He collected all of his old DVD's and games and pawned them. James collected enough money for the gifts he needed to purchase.
My best friend called this morning. She told me she enrolled her kids in private school. We talked for a long time about it. She said she was very tired from raising kids. She said she might need to go on a vacation, and I agreed.
Nate was driving with his girlfriend. She spotted a stray cat on the side of the road. She immediately pulled over. Nate tried to convince her to just leave it. Instead they now have a new pet cat.
The class huddled around their teacher. She was going to show them a movie on the tv. She pushed the power button over and over again. It wouldn't turn on! The teacher told them it'd have to wait for another day.
James needed a job. He only had experience changing tires with his dad previously. When he turned 16 he applied at his dad's tire shop. The owner was happy to have him join the team. After a trial period Jason was promoted and loved his job.
Price loved to eat cherries. The only issue was they were very expensive. After spending a lot of money, he decided to plant some. The cherries he grew were very tasty. Price now plants his own cherries.
Becky put makeup on her freckles. When she rubbed her cheeks her makeup smeared. Someone noticed her freckles. She felt embarrassed to have freckles. She walked away quietly.
We woke up late and it was raining. We decided to go to the Movies. When we got there, there was a long line. We decided to buy our tickets online. We got in before everyone else to see the movie.
The kids were all guessing numbers. They were having a contest to see who could guess the right one. They shouted out numbers until there was a winner. They sat down to think of another game to play. It was a very boring day!
Kim stood on stage and took the microphone from the host. Silence fell over the crowd in anticipation. Kim signaled the DJ to start up some beats. She began to spit out some rap lyrics and the crowd went nuts. At the end of her song she dropped the mic and walked off stage.
Mary had never made rice before. She eyeballed out what seemed like the right amount. But as it cooked, the rice expanded. Mary ended up with far too much rice! She resolved to read directions next time!
Ruth went to the post office to by a stamp. She waited in line until it was her turn. She took out 23 cents to pay for her stamp. The clerk told her that the price has gone up in the last 20 Years. Ruth was shocked and dug around in her pockets for more money.
Annie made an online sign in sheet for her cosmetology clients. Each time a client has an appointment their information is checked. This makes it easy for Annie to keep track of any contact changes. Her customers appreciate the fact she cares to keep in contact. Happy customers are good for business!
Last year we watched ESPN3 on tv, using a Roku. This year we were unable to do so. I contacted Xfinity and asked why we could not use the Roku. The representative said we needed Xfinity internet service. I told him I would do without.
Tom was having a barbecue. He tried to fire up his gas grill. It didn't want to work. Tom decided to use charcoal instead. The barbecue went well besides the minor inconvenience.
I was walking to my house. I suddenly spotted some cash on the ground. I picked it up. I decided to keep it. I felt bad about keeping it so I turned it into the police.
Growing up, Chris never had much luck with the ladies. He was slightly awkward, and not very popular. Despite that, deep down Chris was a really nice person. It wasn't until college that beautiful girl named Aimee noticed this. The two started dating and have been together ever since.
Ann decided to install the electrical wiring in the house. She went to Home Depot to purchase all the materials. On the last day of installation, there was an accident. Ann crossed the wires, which caused an electrical sparks. Needless to say, Ann finally called for professional help.
Ralph loved to surf. He was on his way to the beach to surf. Ralph arrived at the beach. Ralph went with his surf board to the ocean. Ralph surfed all day cause he loved it so much.
Shelly and Brian went to Las Vegas for a vacation. While at one of the casinos a worker recommended a great steak house. She told them it was only a five-minute walk. Shelly and Brian ended up walking over a mile to get there. It was worth it, as the food was fantastic.
Tabitha was walking across town running errands. It was cold out but she was still breaking a sweat. The longer she walked, the worse it got. By the time she was done she was dripping wet. She decided she needed to call a doctor about it.
Joann loved to eat sandwiches. She made a sandwich at home but it didn't taste good. She decided to go to the corner deli to eat. She ordered the biggest sandwich on the menu. It was so big she took half of it home for dinner.
Tom was at the mall. He thought he saw his wife. He went up to pinch her butt. It turned out to be another woman. She was flattered.
Jimmy was very bad at math. Ne decided he needed help from a tutor. He asked his dad to help him. His father had trouble figuring out how to divide. He gave up realizing he couldn't do it himself.
Frank talked during class. So his teacher told him he must write a essay for talking in class. Frank was angry. He spent all day doing the assignment. Frank never talked during class again.
Bryan was thirsty while eating his lunch. Bryan had a lemon tree outside, so he went out to get some. He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside. He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher. He made lemonade and continued eating his lunch.
Jimmy's computer was running slow. It was too outdated. Jimmy searched online for a new laptop. He found a deal through eBay. Jimmy got his laptop in the mail a few days later.
The city flew the flag at half mast. People called to ask why. The city put the information on it's web page. People stopped calling to ask why. The secretary found herself with more free time.
Anna cooked two eggs for breakfast. She put the eggs onto a plate. She took the plate to her table. Anna sat down at the table. Anna ate her eggs while sitting down.
John decided he wanted to move to a new state. Before he could move he needed to sell his house. A buyer offered John a good price for his house. John sold the house. He was happy that he could now move to a new state.
I had a very low energy level. I wanted to learn what I might do to have more energy. One can learn a lot on the internet. I learned on the internet that exercise helps increase one's energy. Since then, I've taken more and longer walks and that has helped.
Jane decided to make cookies for her coworkers. She stayed up for hours making many batches of them. Jane was excited to surprise her coworkers the next day. At work the next day, her coworkers told her they tasted strange. Jane felt ridiculous as she realized she used salt instead of sugar.
Tom was feeling really hungry one evening. He already had dinner so he didn't want to eat a lot. Tom drove around his area looking for a snack. Tom pulled into a Dairy Queen drive through lane. Tom ordered and enjoyed a delicious chocolate milkshake.
Cindy just left the house to go for a run. She was on mile two when it started to get dark. She did not think remember any rain in the forecast so she kept going. By mile four, the bottom had fallen out. When Cindy got home she was completely soaked.
Someone ate the last slice of pizza Greg wanted to have it and he stated to save the last slice for him. Greg wanted to find out who ate it. It turns out it was the dog. Greg couldn't get mad at the dog
John was on his way to work. As he was driving, he saw a lady stranded on the side of the road. He decided to stop and help her. She needed help with changing her tire. John helped her and she was very thankful.
Susie had applied to numerous colleges. But she really wanted to go to Harvard. She was waiting for the letter back. One day when she was getting the mail she saw a thin envelope. It was a rejection and Susie started to cry.
The friends went to Florida. They laid on the beach and relaxed. After a few days, they decided it was time to leave. They watched one more sunset over the water. The beach was a great place for them to spend time together.
i had my first sleepover this weekend. All my friends came over to my house to play. We did makeovers and watched movies. We stayed up talking until midnight! My first sleepover was so much fun!
Leroy never wanted to have any pets. His girlfriend convinced him to get a cat. It made the entire apartment smell bad. He hated living with it. Eventually he had to get rid of it.
Milly's class was learning about alternative medicine. They visited an acupuncturist to learn more about it. Milly was shocked by how long the needles were. The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted. Milly moved to the back of the line to make sure he didn't pick her.
Frankie got fired from her job. She decided to go back to college. She got a dental hygienist degree. She got a great new job. She was really proud of herself.
Allie was invited to Laura's studio apartment. She planned on staying on the couch. But Laura's boyfriend was sleeping there. So she had to sleep on the floor. Allie realized she regretted not getting a hotel.
While his parents were away Roy had a lot of parties. He entire house was a mess. He then remembered that his parents wanted the house clean. They were coming back today so in a mad dash he cleaned house. When they came back Roy's parents were happy with the clean house.
When Robert was a child, his favorite place to go was the aquarium. He used to beg his parents to take him every weekend. Robert knew everything about fish and other sea animals. As he grew older, he turned his passion into a career. Robert is now a world famous Marine Biologist.
Jane lived in Colorado. She had a mountain in her backyard. She would hike up it every morning. Jane couldn't imagine living anywhere else. The mountain was very special to her.
Phillip wanted to be a soldier. He woke up early every morning to exercise and stay fit. Phillip worked diligently to succeed in all of his classes. On his eighteenth birthday Philip went to the recruiter's station. Phillip was happy he was accepted to be a soldier.
Gina had become friends with the cool kids. She would talk to them whenever Jamie was there. She had the biggest crush on him for years now. But Gina didn't think he would like her. So she kept her crush between her, and her friends.
Hoda was training for the triathlon. She was a bad swimmer, so it was a lot of work. After many months of training, she was finally able to finish. Her time wasn't very good, but it didn't matter. She was just happy to be finished!
Sarah was binge watching a new show. She wanted to see all of the first season. Unfortunately she fell asleep in the middle of it. When she woke up she got lots of spoilers. Sarah still enjoyed watching the show later, though.
Jerry wanted to save on his energy bill. He decided to replace his light bulbs. There was a big sale on energy efficient ones. Jerry got a lot for a great deal. He replaced all the bulbs in his house.
Daniel is called on to make a very important delivery. He has only been working for the company a few months. The package was to be delivered to the top of a Mountain. Daniel made the long trip up the winding Mountain. Daniel finally arrives at his destination to make the Big Delivery.
Ella needed a foundation to cover her acne. She tried many shades, but none matched her skin. Then she asked a counter girl for help. The girl matched Ella's fair skin to a perfect foundation. Elated, Ella left with the perfect acne-hiding foundation!
Nina wanted to do something special for all her friends. They were graduating and she wanted to show her love, memorably! She had few funds, but she thought of a cheap  and creative idea. She assembled lots of sandwiches and snacks and threw a picnic. Everyone had a great lunch and made many sweet farewell memories!
Ted was at the science store. He loved admiring all the cool things they sold. His mom told him he could have one thing. Ted selected the lovely-sounding rainy stick. He took it home and played with it all night!
Rocky wanted to be an NBA All Star. Rocky began working very hard and his dribbling and shooting. He worked with experts on dribbling and shooting. Rocky has a great season. Rocky ended up being an NBA all star.
The football coach had to make some tough decisions. It was cut day and he had to cut 12 of his players. They had spent the whole summer training for him. And now he had to tell them they didn't have spots for them. When it was all over he knew he had to move on to the next game.
Jenny was nervous about her final exam. She needed to pass this class in order to graduate. Her palms were sweaty as she took the exam. When she was done she was elated. She had received an A on her final.
Tim was a great driver. His car was too slow. He would often race his friend's car. He was known well at the quarter mile track. Tim eventually got his own fast car.
I wanted the little blue dress. I looked at the price tag. It was extremely expensive. I put it back on the rack and walked away. I returned and bought it the next day.
Jane was at Ali's school to speak with the principal. Ali had been unfairly suspended. The principal started off being stern. After Jane laid into him he changed his demeanor. The principal agreed to revoke Ali's suspension.
Timothy brought his puppy to school to show the girls in his class. The girls thought it was so cute, and thought Timothy was cute too. Timothy used his puppy to flirt with a girl named Samantha. After school, Timothy and Samantha kissed behind the bleachers. The puppy broke away from its leash and ran away.
Roger took a trip to Brussels. One afternoon he went for a leisurely stroll in the city. He found a little pastry shop close to his hotel. He bought a chocolate eclair. He liked it so much that he bought ten more to send to his friends.
Harvey loved music and owned thousands of old records. He was moving into a smaller place with little room for them though. He had to sell all his records. His brother bought him an iPod and put all of his music onto it. Now Harvey has free space and still gets to listen to his music!
Donny worked at a station along the harbor. He sat looking out over the sea. Finding the scenery to be very calm, he began to fall asleep. It wasn't long before he had completely passed out. He was awoken later by his boss, who was quite angry with him.
Jared's best friend was getting married. Of course he was going to be the best man. At 23 Jared had never tied a tie. He was too embarrassed to tell anyone, so he did it himself. Everyone was so busy they didn't see he tied the tie like a shoelace.
I was on a flight last week across the country. But unfortunately I was delayed. They delayed my flight for ten hours. I was furious. But at the end they gave me a free flight so it was all good.
Justin was a small time banker in a little town. He had big dreams and aspirations. One day he got a call from the corporate office in New York. They asked if he wanted a Job in their offices. Justin gladly accepted and moved to The Big Apple.
Bob was ready. He walked up to the edge. He turned around and got a running start. He yelled cannonball! Bob splashed everyone in the pool.
She woke up early to make the dough. She got all the ingredients out of the pantry. She made about 10 lbs of dough. She took it fresh to the bake sale. She baked it in the oven before the sale started.
Jimmy loves to play video games. He buys many games to play online with his friends. His favorite game is a first person shooter style. He talks with his friends over the internet while playing it. Jimmy plays so much he is ranked number one out of his friends.
Gary and his girlfriend were on a date at a nice restaurant. They were seated and a man took their orders. Gary and his girlfriend waited for a long time for their food. When the waiter returned, he had brought the couple the wrong food. The waiter apologized and told them their meals would be free.
My elderly mother-in-law was alarmed to see a virus warning on her PC. She clicked on the link and read that the PC had thousands of viruses. She was asked to pay hundreds of dollars and decided to call me. I found out it was a fraudulent scheme to charge people for nothing. We reported this to the state Attorney General to protect others.
Lacy went to the beach. She took off her shoes and went to go swimming. When she came back to her spot, her shoes were missing. She looked around and saw some dogs had them. She ran up, grabbed the shoes from the dogs and left.
Katie was making pancakes. Then her phone rang, and she answered it. It was her best friend calling! The two girls gossipped for a few minutes. Then Katie realized that she had burned her pancakes!
The Carson's took their three toddlers on a road trip. All the kids kept screaming at the top of their lungs. Unsure of traffic conditions ahead, the Carson's pull over. Everyone was frustrated and wanted to go home. So, the carson's turned the car around and went home.
Allie had very frizzy hair. She needed a treatment for it. So she decided to go and get it done. After the treatment her hair was like silk. Allie couldn't believe it.
Jean's job a holiday party. She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor. Jean's boss got drunk and began hitting on her. She quickly left the party very embarrassed. Jean returned to work on Monday and avoided her boss at all cost.
The Larsen family adopted a cat. Once they brought the cat home he would not eat. They tried all different types of cat food. The family started pouring gravy on the cat's food. The cat would now eat his cat food.
Judy moved into a new home. But soon she felt sick. At work, she began to feel better. At home, she noticed how dirty the carpet was. She paid someone to clean it.
Larry was driving to his house. He lived in a rural area. Larry saw a cow on the road. Larry called the nearest farmer in the area. The farmer showed up to retrieve his cow.
I was at bat and had two strikes. The pitcher threw the ball. It ended up being a foul. When he made a second attempt, I hit the ball. It turned into a home run and my team won the game.
David told Beth he had met someone else. Beth was devastated to lose David her first boyfriend. Beth sat inside her house, eating ice cream for a month. One day something snapped in Beth and she realized she was over it. She grabbed her running shoes and got on with her life.
My wife developed a cough this week. The cough is worse at night. Today I found a website that recommended using vaporizers. My wife bought a vaporizer at Target. I hope it helps her cough.
The Thompson kids found a stray puppy. They took it home to show their mom, Lisa. Lisa helped the kids make Found posters and put them up. They contacted the local dog pound, in case someone contacted them. The puppy's owner was found, appreciative of the Thompsons' aid.
My cat loves playing strings. One day, she saw a string hanging from one of my curtains. She pounced on it! Unfortunately, she completely tore them. I had to buy a new set of curtains.
Dennis was at work craving a healthy snack. He reached for the orange he had packed in his bag. Then he noticed the orange was moldy and squishy. He was so hungry he was tempted to eat it. Still he did the smart thing and threw it out.
Toby was great at hackie sack. One day he went to the park to play. He started playing hackie sack in the park. Other people noticed and came over. Toby made some new friends that day and had a great time.
Ross read a book detailing proof for UFOs. He became enthralled in the world of ufology for weeks. Eventually, his wife and kids were neglected, as he lost control. One day Ross and his wife got into a big fight that went too far. Ross' wife & kids left him, and he was left alone with his UFO hobby.
Tom always bought brand names his whole life. He did some research and found out generic brands are the same. He decided to trade in his brand name tablet, cell phone and laptop. He then bought generic brands electronics. Tom ended up saving a ton of money!
Lily's mom made her a coat to wear to school. When the classmates saw the coat, they teased Lily. She hung the coat on the rack in the class, feeling miserable. Then, Lily's favorite teacher entered the class. She went right to the coat and said it was the cutest thing ever.
Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm. She toured the fields. She helped pick strawberries. She took home a quart of strawberries to remember the trip. She boarded the bus home dirty and smiling.
Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday. She asked her dad to play with her. He helped her figure out where to put pieces. But they didn't keep score. They both had a lot of fun.
Cassandra had never been to her home country of Greece. One spring break, instead of Mexico, she booked a flight to Greece. Upon arrival, she got in a cab and headed to her resort. The cab driver spoke to her in greek, but she understood very little. Exiting the cab, the cab driver wished her well in broken english.
Jon loved animals. He refused to use fur. One day, it was below freezing in Chicago. Jon was cold but refused to wear a fur coat. He was proud for sticking to his morals.
Sheila was up late talking on the phone with her boyfriend. She didn't hear her alarm go off. Sheila woke up late. She had to rush to get to school. Sheila was late to school.
Manny was driving down the street one night. He was very tired from working all day. Manny fell asleep for just a second while he was driving. When he woke up he was in the hospital and very confused. He found out that when he fell asleep he crashed his car.
Thomas wanted to take a walk to the store. It was raining, so he brought an umbrella. The wind snatched Thomas' umbrella way. Thomas got very wet chasing his umbrella. When he finally caught it, it had stopped raining.
Paul decided he wanted to visit Africa more than anything else. He researched a lot and settled on a destination. He obtained a passport. Then, he packed his bags and got his ticket. Because he planned well, he enjoyed the vacation of his life.
I was watching TV one night. I was very hungry and decided I needed to eat. I went to the kitchen to cook something. I found a package of broccoli & beef to cook. I made the meal and enjoyed it.
Alice loved peaches. She went to the farmers market on Saturday. She ran quickly to the peach booth. Alice loaded up all the peaches she could. And went back home with 20 pounds of peaches.
I bought a backup drive for my wife's iPhone, using Amazon. We did not like it and returned it via a UPS call tag. We were told the package was considered missing. I complained to Amazon, which promptly refunded me. I thanked Amazon for their great customer service.
Stacia recently split up with her boyfriend. Her and her three boys had to move into an apartment. She really wants to move back to her home town. Stacia starts applying for jobs and looking into the schools. Stacia really wants to make her dream a reality.
Maurice was writing a novel. But he was stuck on the first page. He didn't know if he should start with In or Once. In the beginning, or Once Upon a Time. He decided to write In the beginning once upon a time.
A man went on vacation to Egypt. There, he went to Giza. He decided to climb onto the foot of the Sphinx to take a selfie. Egyptian authorities arrested him. He spent six months in prison for damaging antiquities.
Nick tried to be careful as he dismantled his weather station. He still ended up breaking one of the fragile wind sensor's wings. He packed it in a box carefully to prevent more damage. When he got to his new house, he went to assemble it. Nick superglued the wing back and thought it was as good as new.
Ellie was worried that she might be pregnant. She was buying groceries and decided to grab a test. In the store bathroom, she took the test. While she waited for an answer, she tried to stay calm. Luckily, the test came out negative.
A long time ago I had a not-so-serious girlfriend. We got along fine but we wanted different things in life. We ended up breaking up after a few months. I was very upset at first but eventually got over it. I learned a lot from that relationship and feel better because of it.
Daniel had just gotten engaged. He and his fiance wanted a farm wedding. They arranged everything. The wedding was on an old farm. The reception was in a barn.
Jake was excited for his winter break. He was burned out from school. His teacher assigned a lot of homework. As well as some reading. Jake was upset that it partially ruined his break.
My uncle passed away and there was a funeral for him. It was an open casket so it was strange to see him lye their. Everyone was crying, even my dad. I didn't feel comfortable with all of this. However, it was interesting seeing everyone's emotions come out.
William was out with his girlfriend. It was a hot day, and they wanted ice cream. They stopped by a local ice cream parlor. The pair bought a couple scoops of ice cream. They enjoyed the treat and continued walking together.
Louisa realizes she is spending too much money eating lunch out. She decides to begin packing lunch for herself. Louisa cooks a big batch of food and separates it into portions. She finds that her home cooked food is much cheaper than eating out. Louisa is happy to be saving money on lunch.
Emily liked to shop. She often emptied her bank account while shopping. She decided to get a credit card for her shopping sprees. After several shopping sprees, she maxed out her credit card. Now, Emily is in massive credit card debt.
Sara wanted to go to clown school. Her friends thought she was joking, but she was not. She enrolled and learned how to juggle, drive in small cars, and leap. She went to children's birthday parties and made them laugh. Sara had found her calling in life.
Max had never played ping pong before. He just got a new ping pong table and wanted to play with his brother. His brother had never played before either. They played four games, and Max lost all four of them. Max decided he didn't like playing ping pong.
My sister recently helped me score a sweet deal on Facebook. At first I thought it was too good to be true but it all worked out. All I have to do is comment on twenty posts within a Facebook page. It's a page that posts coupons and other deals online for free. In return, they send me a $50 e-gift card every Friday!
Kaitlyn thought jeans with holes were very stylish. She wore them to school to show them off. The principal told her they were against dress code. She had to change her jeans. Now, she only wears her holey jeans at home.
Growing up I prayed and wished for someone like Doug to be my love. I met many other men throughout my lifetime but they were not Doug. I gave up my dream because I did not think God even cared. When I let go of my expectations  of all men in popped Doug. I have a new dream because that Doug did not make me happy.
Collin had a favorite stuffed animal. He brought the animal outside and it got covered in mud. Collin's mother washed the stuffed animal. Collin had a hard time sleeping without the animal. He was very happy to get the animal back.
Jen didn't notice the sink's plug was down. She was startled to see water collect when she washed her hands. Jen tried to mop the water up with some toilet paper. She only made things worse, creating a bigger mess. Jen sheepishly asked her hosts for a hand towel.
Todd likes to watch television. He is currently watching a series on weight loss. Todd knows he needs to get in shape and lose some weight. He signs up for a gym membership the very next day. Now Todd feels healthy and is happy with his appearance.
Carlos drove his car too fast. The police finally caught up to Carlos. Carlos was pulled over for speeding. The officer wrote up a speeding ticket. Carlos had to go to court.
Mike decided to play touch football with his nephews. They started off and it was a pretty fair game. But then it got a bit more competitive. One of his nephews pushed their cousin a bit too hard. He fell to the ground and hurt his leg and the game was then over.
Charles and his son went to the zoo. His son was very fond of monkeys. The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo. His son mocked, and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys. His son had such a good time he fell asleep smiling on the ride home.
Marty was a silly boy. One day, he was running without really looking. He tripped and fell. Instead of crying, he laughed. However, Marty decided to be more careful.
It seems as though the days get longer, my memory gets shorter. A day feels like a month, though I can't remember what filled it up. Every night, as I lay down, I picture my mind as a ship. A ship that sails into the sea, through the fog and into the darkness. A ship that sails with no standard course and no sense of direction.
Tessa was about to make some eggs. She went into the fridge to get some. Unfortunately three were missing. Tessa did not know where they were. Finally Tessa realized she ate them in the morning.
Little Tommy always bit his fingernails. Tommy's mom told him that habit would eventually make him fat. Soon after, Tommy met their new neighbor. It was a pregnant woman. Tommy told the pregnant woman that he knew what she had been doing!
Rebecca was 15 Year's old and pregnant. She didn't know what to do, so for months she did nothing. Finally she sat down and talked to her parents. Her parents were very disappointed in her, but accepted the situation. They agreed to adopt the baby so Rebecca could graduate from school.
Ava bought buckets of fresh strawberries. But her family couldn't eat them all! Ava didn't want them to go bad, so she had an idea. She scanned the berries and made strawberry jam. That way, none of the berries went to waste!
The girls were supposed to wash their clothes as a chore. They stuffed them all in the washing machine. Then they turned the cycle on. The machine started sounding an alarm. They had shoved way too much in there!
Tim just had a baby with his wife. The baby started crying. Tim did not know why. His wife started to pat the baby's back. The baby let out a burp and was fine.
Harvey and Jack prepared dozens of water balloons. They were going to ruin Jack's sister's party with them. When the girls walked outside Jack threw the first balloon. Little did he know they were prepared. They had their own water balloons and the boys got soaked.
I had lots of homework to do. But I decided to do it the next day. But then I was invited to the beach. And I had no choice but to stay home. So I always remember to do finish work early now.
Olivia needed to go to a doctor's appointment. She was riding the bus and watching out the window. Suddenly she saw a woman running to catch the bus. The driver kept going anyways because she hadn't been at the stop. Olivia felt bad but couldn't say or do anything.
Susie had never been religious. But she was curious about it. So she decided to go to a church service. Susie realized she was in the right place. She officially became a Christian.
Art had a old dog. The dog had a hard time holding it during the day. Art installed a doggy door to help him. The dog learned to use it very well. Art was happy to have helped his dog be more comfortable.
Jim was trying to eat cereal. He poured it all out before checking the milk. When he tried pouring out the milk it was chunky. The smell nearly made Jim gag. He had to throw out the remaining milk and cereal.
Keith was working at a mechanic shop. He had given a customer a high quote. Keith kept the difference between the quote and the actual bill. Keith's boss found out what he did. Keith lost his job.
Taylor was nervous for her test. She had stayed up all night studying. While answering the essay question she fell asleep. The bell rang and she was nowhere near finished. Taylor failed her test.
Rita visits a theme park. She has a hot dog and cotton candy. Her friends tell her to wait 30 minutes before going on rides. Rita doesn't listen and goes on a ride. She ends up throwing up on everyone on the ride.
One day Jason is walking down the sunny streets of Fresno. He see's a bunch of guys who are much cooler than him. Jason tries to introduce himself. The cool guys start to attack Jason. Jason is left on the street with nothing but his obama cell phone.
My girlfriend made me go to the theater to watch this romance movie. During the movie I almost fell asleep it was so boring. Halfway through the movie I went to the bathroom. When I came back I told her I was sick, she believed me and we left. I felt bad for lying to her but at least I got out of the movie.
Sam noticed that his carpet was messy. He didn't understand why. He always used his Roomba when he left the apartment. He checked it again and noticed it wasn't charged. The charging station became unplugged by accident.
We took the kids out for Halloween. They were all dressed up in their costumes. We walked up and down several streets. The kids collected a lot of candy throughout the night. When they got home, they were too exhausted to even eat their candy.
Charlie let his dog outside in the backyard. Charlie whistled to call the dog back inside. The dog was nowhere to be found. Charlie noticed the gate was open. He found the dog on the sidewalk across the street.
Peter was an electrician. He usually did very small domestic jobs. Once, his boss asked him to do a job at a factory. The electrics were so complex that it made Peter nervous. After several days, Peter was finished and he had learnt a lot too.
Tom was out running. He twisted his foot in a weird way. He got an x-ray but nothing was broken. Tom still felt weird. Eventually they figured out he had a torn ligament.
Karen got a new phone for her birthday. She loved to play games on it. It was shiny and pretty. Karen dropped her phone and broke the screen. She was very sad.
Kimberley was in a hurry to get to work. Traffic was far to slow for her liking. She left her car and decided to job. It took longer than she expected to run to work. When she arrived, she was glad she didn't take her car.
Todd went out with some coworkers one night. Doing that is naturally frowned upon by the company. They had a great time and posted lots of photos on Facebook. The next day at work the boss yelled at them for being unprofessional. Todd vowed never to do that again and risk his job.
Dakota was a senior in high school with mediocre grades. Dakota filled out an application to his local college. He waited for a letter of reply from the college. One day he went to the mailbox and found a thin envelope. He opened the envelope and was disappointed he hadn   t been accepted.
Chef bob was preparing steaks for his guests. He began slicing the meat with a sharp knife. He screamed as the knife accidentally sliced his finger. There was blood covering the ground. Bob went to the hospital to get his finger treated with stitches.
Casey was having trouble with a low appetite. Without realizing it she had gone two days without eating. Suddenly one day she nearly passed out. Her doctor told her that she must start eating more. Casey made an effort to eat more from then on.
My stomach started rumbling as soon as I woke up. Breakfast is my favorite meal. I got out of bed. I walked to the kitchen. I began making myself a big breakfast.
Tom was driving around. His gas needle didn't go down. Tom didn't realize something was wrong. Eventually his car broke down. Tom re filled and fixed the gauge.
Jen knew it was up to her. The rest of her team and already gone and it was her time. She got up on the balance beam. She performed an amazing routine. The judges scores came in, her team had won!
Tom lost two crayons from his set. They were important colors. His parents didn't want to buy him a set over two crayons. Tom tried to mix other colors but it didn't work. He settled for a smaller set of basic colors.
I think I am going to change my wireless carrier. The one I have now is so expensive. I have been looking at other carriers. There are a lot of choices out there. I hope I can find a cheaper one.
Lucretia had always considered drinking a latte pretentious. However, her boyfriend told her that lattes are delicious. One day Lucretia decided to try one. She loved how it tasted. Lucretia no longer thinks that lattes are pretentious.
Neil took a train into Beijing. There, he saw the sights. He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city. He also ate the traditional Asian meals they sold on the street. Beijing was easily his favorite city in China!
Joe decided that his dog needed a bath. Joe's dog was a big hairy black lab. The dog had so much hair that he clogged the drain. Joe had no way to fish out the stuck hair in the drain. He ended up having to call a plumber to fix the clog.
Tom wanted to learn to shoot. None of his friends were into guns. One day he went to the shooting range by himself. Several people there were willing to teach him. Tom made new friends.
Jerome never had to study very much to pass his exams. He glanced at his notes and always passed. Today, he was sure it would be the same. But when he saw the exam questions, he froze. He had no idea how to answer most of them.
Alai had to file his taxes. He went online and gave it a shot. But it was so confusing! Alai could not figure out how to file. He went to a professional tax preparer instead.
Tim lost his job. He was kicked out of his apartment. He had to put all his things in storage. Unfortunately without a job he couldn't keep making payments. Tim eventually lost his things to the storage company.
Scott wants to go fishing with his friend tomorrow. He has so many chores to get done before he can go. He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal. He has finished all of his chores. He is now allowed to go fishing with his friends.
Allie was watching her favorite tv program. All of the sudden the tv went out. Allie was devastated. Now she couldn't watch her show. She then had to buy a new one.
John was buying some pumpkins for his family to carve. He had found his wife the perfect, unmarked pumpkin. Just as we was going to load up the car, he dropped the pumpkin. It broke into pieces. Luckily, John found another pumpkin that was almost as good.
Jack wanted to drive his father's car. Jack's father would not let him drive his car. Jack waited until his father was asleep to steal the car. As he sped down the highway, Jack was pulled over by a policeman. Jack was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out!
Tobias was a police officer. He was patrolling a park when he heard a noise. He investigated the area and saw some suspicious characters. They were actually drug dealers selling cocaine. He arrested them and was congratulated by his chief.
Tina and her sister were bored. Their mother suggested a family game night. The girls became excited and chose their favorite game. Their mother made snacks while the girls set the game up. The three of them enjoyed the family game night.
Dominic's mom showed him her old vinyl record collection. He was fascinated with the simple vinyl discs. His mom bought him a turntable. He became a serious record collector. His record collection is now his most prized possession.
Dan was getting dressed for a formal event. He was trying to tie his tie. It always came out too short or too long. In frustration he gave up and threw the tie on the ground. Dan went without a tie to the event.
Jenny was going to visit her sister today. She had just had a new baby and Jenny wanted to meet her. As soon as she arrived she went searching for the baby. But first, her friend made her wash her hands. Finally she was able to cuddle the baby.
Alfred's friend Arthur stayed over one night. In the morning, Alfred wanted to make him a delicious breakfast. He made pancakes, bacon, eggs, and hashbrowns. Arthur had never tasted something so delicious! Alfred was praised for his great cooking skills.
Joe loved to hunt deer. He was out in the forest on day. He had been tracking a deer for miles. He spotted in the middle of a large field and took a shot. He had to carry back 120 pound of deer that day.
The 3 nations all had the best spies from around around gathered. They were there to prove their talents and see how well they spied. The nation's bet on who the best spy was, this based on elusiveness. It turns out they were all manipulated by the most elusive of them all. The spy left a note and said he was the president and they all failed.
I decided to try waxing the hair on my upper lip. I bought a kit and read the instructions to apply it. The wax hurt a ton removing it, so I decided to take a nap. When I woke up, I went to inspect my face in the mirror. I have an acne mustache where all the hair I removed used to be.
Tay and his friends were racing bikes. Tay knew he could win the race. He was far ahead of the others! But then he fell off his bike. Tay lost the race after all.
Mark decided to go out of town to find a job. While looking for a job she saw a lady looking for job too. He decided to talk to the lady and ask her name. Her name is beth and they decided to look for a job together. Since then they became friends and they both have a job.
Tom was drunk. He decided to get on Facebook. He posted a lot of regretful things. The next day he woke up to a lot of complaints. Tom had to delete and apologize.
Lisa tried charging her phone. She plugged it into the wall. Yet to her surprise she saw it was not working. Her charger was broken. Lisa needed a new charger.
Raul wrote a love letter to his high school sweetheart. He accidentally put the letter in the wrong locker. The letter ended up in the high school quarterback's locker. Raul learned about his mistake the next day. The quarterback had flowers delivered to Raul's house.
Cara spent a lot of money at Costco buying books. She spent so much that she didn't have enough money to buy food. So she tried to live off of her leftovers but that didn't last long. Cara decided that she would need to return her books. She went to Costco and returned all of her books to buy food.
Steve saw some sushi in the fridge. He knew it was his roommates. He ate it anyway. He told him he would replace it. His roommate was fine with it.
It was Lee's sophomore year of high school. The school homecoming was approaching. Lee really wanted to be on the homecoming court. She campaigned amongst her peers hoping they would vote for her. The big day arrived and Lee had won the vote!
Kara was a shy girl. She began to like the new boy at school. She did not think he was interested in her. He asked her out one day. When he dropped her off at home, he gave her a kiss.
Dan had never tried an apple before. He enjoyed all other fruits, but something about apples disgusted him. His girlfriend decided that today she would trick him. She ground apples and used them in a sauce for his steak. Dan ate the sauce and thought it was delicious.
I wore a pair of sweatpants. It got a hole in the knee. I asked my mom to patch it up. She told me that she couldn't. I kept the pants on anyways.
I called the police after being rear ended. The man was clearly inebriated. The police arrived on the site. The man was trying to get away, but his car was stuck to mine. The officers ended up having to subdue him.
My partner realized she is depressed this year. I helped her find a psychiatrist and a therapist. She diligently took her medications. She felt determined to get better. The struggle made her a stronger person.
My friend used to have a pet tarantula. They had a small plastic cage that sat on the counter. Once, the cat knocked the cage off the counter. The spider got loose in their house. It took four days, but they finally found the spider.
Tim was suffering from back pain as of late. He went to the doctor to find out the cause. His doctor said his posture was causing his back pain. The doctor recommended that he wear a posture brace. Tim's managed to rid himself of his back pain.
Jesse wanted to make the best hot sauce for his wings. He didn't have any ideas on how, though. While trying to experiment he dropped a secret ingredient in his mix. He thought it tasted fantastic. He now had the best wing sauce he ever tasted.
Today I woke up at 0500. I put on my uniform and drove to formation. It was a quick formation and the we started to exercise. We stretched, ran four miles, and the stretched again. It was a great Army morning and the day is now off to a good start.
Evie is on the basketball team. She is also bad at math. Her math teacher is also the coach. He gives Evie all the answers to the questions. Evie is able to pass her math tests and play basketball.
Sandra wasn't mentally disabled or particularly stupid. She was, however, incompetent and lazy. Sandra was supposed to pay the bills for the department. Doing her job was a bit too much effort for her. So Sandra merely did nothing and seemed to get away with it.
Sara saw a stray kitten by her doorstep one day. She put out food for him to eat outside. Sara played with the kitten for hours. When she woke up the next morning, she was shocked! The kitten brought three others for food and play at Sara's doorstep!
Fletcher had a deadline to complete a short story. Fletcher was all out of ideas though. He had written many short stories and there was nothing else to write. Fletcher could not come up with anything new. The deadline passed and Fletcher was not able to submit a story.
I went to the store a month ago to buy a new hat. While I was there I saw a really nice cowboy hat. My friend talked me out of buying it. She said only cowboys should wear cowboy hats. I really wish I would've bought that cowboy hat.
My wife babysat her grandnephew Matt today. He is 22 months old. His mom and dad had to work and were in a bind. She took him to the park. It was a long, exhausting day.
Emily started her new job as a waitress. Everything was going well until dinner rush hit. She dropped three plates of food! She cried as she picked it up. Emily quit at the end of that shift.
Tina wanted a tattoo. So she went out to get one. But unfortunately it was very painful. So she decided she was not going to finish it. So she walked out with a half tattoo.
Johnson was 15 years old when he started to dress up as an animal. His friends would tease him about it so he started doing it less. He slowly stopped doing it in public and dressed up only in private. When he turned 21 he applied for a job at Disney World. He was hired and is now paid to dress up like an animal in public.
Nita was headed to a party across town. But halfway there, she realized she had forgotten the directions! She pulled over to call her friends. They helped Nita find her way. Soon, Nita arrived at the party.
Samson was at the grocery store with his mom. He was bored while she picked out food. He wandered off and spotted a sample booth. The lady offered him some cheese and crackers. Samson thanked her and the sample made him less bored.
John and Tina's wedding day had finally arrived. They decided to have an outdoor wedding, and everyone was excited. As the wedding started, a storm came out of nowhere. Thunder, lightning, and rain forced everyone into their cars. The wedding was ruined and both John and Tina were sad.
Julie loved to make her friends laugh. She felt it was a worthless day if she couldn't accomplish this. Today was one of those days. She failed to make her teachers, or her friends laugh. She decided to become a lawyer as they make more than clowns anyway.
Kim went on vacation with 4 of her friends. The vacation started off rocky. Everyday for 5 days there was a disagreement between the ladies. There were always two groups feuding. Kim decided not to travel with friends again.
My daughter and I went to a carnival. I thought she would like the carousel. She thought it looked too scary. We got on and she ended up enjoying it. Sometimes, you just have to take a chance.
Claire wanted to bake some cookies. She looked in the pantry for the necessary ingredients. Claire realized she was out of flour. Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour. When she returned home she made four dozen sugar cookies.
Once I went to a hockey game. All the beer there was very expensive. I got lucky and found a $50 on the ground! Once I had the money, I bought more beer. I drank the beer and was very happy.
Ann was at a campsite with her family. They were sitting around the fire telling tales. Then Ann decided to make s'mores. She put all the ingredients together and put them on the fire. They came out warm, gooey, and eaten by all the campers!
Julie started smoking at age 17 and wanted to quit. She decided to try out E Cigarettes. They did not work for her so she resorted to quitting cold turkey. She ended up quitting smoking after going cold turkey. She now consults other people that wish to quit smoking.
I left my house early to go jogging. As I turned right down my street, a skunk appeared. It was fat and was accompanied by four babies. Alarmed, I hesitated, then turned and ran. I stayed inside my house until the skunk passed.
Horatio hadn't experienced any romance since his wife had passed. Finally he decided to sign up for an online dating service. He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee. However, Horatio did not feel a strong connection with her. Still he was happy he had given love another chance.
Frank had a job interview. He's waiting for a phone call. The phone rings. Frank picks up the phone. He got the job.
Rob runs his own business. He employs people all across the United States. Rob also likes to party, so he's often late in the mornings. His employees know this, so they've started slacking off. Rob wonders why his business is failing when he lacks responsibility.
Mary was at a ball game. She went to the concession stand and bought nachos. On her way back to her seat, she dropped the nachos. She didn't want to waste them. Instead, she picked them all back up and ate them anyways.
Judy's grandma was teaching her how to make a blanket. Judy was cutting and tying tassels along the blankets edge. She started to get bored and wandered off to play with toys. Her grandma was annoyed, and yelled a her. Judy quickly returned and finished the blanket.
When I was in kindergarten I had my first kiss. Her name was Wendy. We kissed secretly during nap time. I asked her if she loved me. She said she did.
Tim was going to drive a friend home. The friend had too much to drink. He couldn't get the friend's keys to work. The friend was too drunk to help. He had taken the wrong keys by accident.
Richard brought his restored car to the auction. He wanted to sell it as soon as possible. No one was interested, so he threw in a year of oil changes. Soon there was a bidding war. The car sold for a lot of money!
Yesterday I tried exercising for five minutes. It was a brutal workout. It was so brutal I had to take a few breaks. Today I feel so sore and achey all over. Hopefully it will go away soon.
Tom was playing baseball during lunch time. But he didn't enjoy being the pitcher. After someone hit the ball, he was hit in the shoulder. He wasn't injured badly. But he used it as an excuse to play another position.
Sam bought a new car. He decided to sell his old one. He cleaned it out and fixed minor problems with it. He put several ads for it up. Sam sold it within weeks.
Reese and husband had one daughter. They desired to have more kids but Reese had endometriosis. The couple began to accept the fact that they would only have one kid. Reese began to stay busy but was getting sick often. She went in for a check up only to discover that she was pregnant!
Jessica and Eric were dating. They went to the zoo for a date. Jessica loved the zebras the most. They took many pictures with the zebras. They had fun at the zoo as well as viewing the pictures later.
Ben has been in the sun all day swimming. When Ben gets out he realizes he hasn't ate all day. Starving for food he looks in his fridge for something to eat. The only thing he can find is a big tub of ice cream. Ben eats the ice cream and cures his hunger.
Daryl asked his boss, Mike, for a raise. Daryl has been picking up slack since a worker was dismissed. Mike looked over the facts. Daryl was an impressive worker. Mike decided to give Daryl the raise.
John saw some polar bears at the zoo. He was surprised as to how big they were. He thought they were a lot smaller. He took a lot of pictures. He loved seeing them.
Sarah took the watermelon out of the refrigerator. She got a knife and began to cut it into slices. The knife slipped and cut her finger. She immediately rinsed off the cut, and saw it wasn't too deep. She got a band-aid, and continued cutting the watermelon.
Ricky wanted to learn Spanish before he visited Mexico. He studied hard every night. He practiced speaking with everyone he could find. Finally, he was able to go to Mexico. He thoroughly enjoyed his visit and was able to speak to everyone.
I loved thyme. But, it cost too much. I decided to grow and harvest it myself. I bought a thyme plant. Finally, my thyme needs were self-sufficient!
Tyler realizes he needs to find a job. However, his small town has very few jobs available. One day he sees an ad recruiting new police officers. Tyler successfully applies to be a police officer. He is happy that he finally has a job.
Maggie was making breakfast. She threw some bread into the toaster. Then, she went to cook some eggs. Suddenly, she smelled something burning. She checked the toast and it was completely ruined.
Todd was an avid golf fan. He went on a trip to watch a golf tournament. He was able to meet many celebrities. He got quite a few autographs too. John went home tired but happy.
John recently moved into a new apartment. He ended up leaving his hometown and settling in another state. He loves his new apartment and how spacious it is. John also really likes the new town that he lives in. John plans on staying at this apartment for a long time.
I took a shovel to the woods and buried my brother's birthday present. I made a treasure map to where I buried the gift. During his birthday party, I gave my brother the treasure map. He followed the clues and landmarks on the map to his gift. He had so much fun, that now it's an annual tradition!
Lebron James played basketball in Cleveland one day. He decided to try to score fifty points in his game. In the first half, he scored twenty five points. At the last second of the game, he took a shot. The shot went in and was his fiftieth point.
Since it was Independence Day, we decided to light fireworks. We carefully selected a good spot to place them. We lit the fireworks, then ran away. The fireworks exploded into a shower of beautiful colors. It was a great way to celebrate.
Liv worked as a construction worker. One day, she fell from atop a ladder. She tried to get workman's compensation, but her boss denied. Liv sued her boss, and won the case. Now she lives on disability, and her boss had to close his company.
Tim was out on a date. They went to the carnival. Tim took her on the ferris wheel. Tim tried to get his first kiss there. It worked wonderfully.
Mary liked tagging buildings at night. It made her forget her day job at an office and feel alive. She signed her graffiti the same way she signed her checks. A bank manager recognized her signature and tipped off the police. They arrested a no-longer-bored Mary in front of her whole office.
Jared was a terrible basketball player. He only played a couple minutes per game usually. In one game the star player was injured and Jared had to fill in. Jared had the ball when when his team was about to lose the game. Jared shot the ball and it went in making him the hero of the game.
Martha is travelling with her parents. This week, they're staying in Italy. Martha has family there, and she loves spending time here. She was so little when she last saw them. Martha thinks maybe she'd like to stay here forever.
I was invited to go to a family reunion by my mother. On the day of the reunion, I put the location of the event in my GPS. I then began to drive to the location. After several hours of not arriving, I looked at the GPS for problems. It turned out that I used the wrong address, and had to turn around.
Mark went to a convenience store and on a whim bought a scratch ticket. He put the ticket in his pocket and headed home. Once Mark was home, he emptied the change out of his pockets. When Mark was getting into the shower, he found the scratch ticket. Mark scratched the ticket in the bathroom and won one million dollars.
Tom was walking home. It was a bit uphill and had recently rained. Tom slipped on a slick area and tumbled down. Tom tried to walk up again and kept slipping. Eventually he took a different route up.
I really wanted to buy a new album at a concert I went to. The merchandise area close to me was sold out! I wasn't really sure what to do so I asked my friends. They offered to come with me and find a merchandise stand. When we found a stand with albums we all bought one!
Ben loved to swim. Ben thought he was the best swimmer ever. One day he raced another boy. He lost to him and was sad. Ben realized he wasn't the best.
The man tried to start a fire with a magnifying glass. He could get it to smolder. He lit it with a lighter instead. He told his friend it was the magnifying glass. His friend believed him.
Jake was at the airport. He was running late for his flight. Jake was randomly screened during the security checkpoint. He ended up missing his flight. Jake complained to the security office but they ignored him.
Gina was in Illinois for a family emergency. She called her friend Lisa back home. She told her all about her trip. Lisa didn't have much to say about what was happening there. Gina hung up feeling a connection to her life back home.
Maurice had been a big time drug dealer for Year's. His biggest pull was about to happen, as he smuggled LSD into Florida. However, the heat began to make him sweat. The 100 LSD hits began leaching into his skin. Maurice is at a hospital now, and thinks he is a glass of orange juice
Rick had been walking all day. His shoes had become very dirty. Rick decided to catch the train in to town to get his shoes shined. When he arrived he got his shoes polished and cleaned. On his way home someone stepped on his shoes with mud on their feet.
Tim was at his high school gym. They were watching a short presentation. When Tim went back to his classroom he noticed something. His backpack had all the wrong books in it. Tim figured out he got the wrong one and swapped it back.
Pat heard a knocking sound. Someone was at her door. When she answered, there was no one there. Her wreath kept hitting her door and making that sound. Pat slammed the door shut in anger.
Brianna looked down the dark road. There were strange sounds coming from a bush. She stepped closer. The sounds got louder. A bear then jumped out, attacked and killed her.
Lisa and her friend went on a trip to Hollywood. The girls immediately went to all the famous shops. While there, they sighted a celebrity. The girls screamed. They couldn't believe they saw a celebrity.
Kate was in biology. Their lab groups were dissecting frogs. Kate did not like the idea of dissection but knew she had to. She decided to let her partner do the cutting. When it came to the lab test, Kate failed.
Gary decided to go swimming in the pool. He opted to go without his parents. He was not a very good swimmer. He began to drown. He died because his parents weren't there to save him.
Bob had a calculus exam and he was well prepared to take it. He walked into class feeling confident. When he sat down at his desk, he realized he forgot his calculator. He panicked and told his teacher. His teacher let him borrow her calculator for the test.
The other kids teased Steve and excluded him. He would sit on the curb, watching them play ball. One day a new kid moved onto the block. He seemed meek, and Steve loudly made fun of him. The other kids joined in, and Steve was now a part of the gang.
Jake was having trouble falling asleep. The problem was he was hungry since he skipped dinner. He got up and cooked himself some eggs and toast for a snack. He forgot to turn off the stove and the kitchen caught on fire! Jake quickly put out the fire by himself.
Steve wanted to play a prank on his mean teacher. He snuck into class early and put a wormy apple on her desk. Steve waited for the mean teacher to arrive. Instead, a sweet and pretty substitute teacher came in. Steve watched as she reached for the shiny apple.
A girl was in line to ride a plane. The girl walked up to the checkout counter. She reached into her pockets. However she couldn't find her plane ticket anywhere. Luckily she could use her phone as a ticket too.
I am very picky about my pets. I had a dog as a child, but I was afraid of it. I got a lizard but was very bored with it. I recently returned a rabbit to the pet store because it smelled. Next I am going to try to get a bird.
Emma was born to rich parents. She attended a fancy private school. After school, she married a doctor. The two of them had three healthy children. Emma saw each of them graduate college before her death at age 100.
It was really hot on Friday. Me and all my friends were sweating a lot. We were all excited to hear the ice cream truck. When we heard it we chased it down. Too bad the ice cream man didn't stop for us!
Randy hated being late. He would get really angry at slow drivers. Last week he snapped at a big guy in a truck. The guy got out with a baseball bat and smashed Randy's car. Now Randy has to take anger management classes.
Jenna wanted a new hairstyle. Her sister put very intricate braids in her hair. Jenna loved the new look. She wore her braided hair out on a date. The guy complimented them.
Jeff went downstairs to clean his saltwater fish tank. There was a lot of algae growing on the back of the tank. He used a scraper to loosen the algae. The fish hid in the decorative structures on the bottom of the tank. Jeff used a net to collect the algae and the water looked cleaner.
My brother and I were having a water balloon war. He was bombing me by dropping them over the second floor banister. I laid in wait for him behind a corner with a huge water balloon. I heard footsteps approaching. It was too late when I threw the balloon and realized it was my dad!
Andre invited his friends to come over later to watch a UFC fight. So Andre needed to clean his house and get snacks for tonight. First Andre cleaned his house. Then Andre drove to the store to get snacks and drinks. Finally Andre got ready for a fun night.
Danny was learning how to ride a bike. His dad told him he would hold on to the bike. When Danny looked back, his dad was far away. He panicked and rode straight into a tree. Danny cried and said he wouldn't ride the bike again.
Lisa and Kelly got into a fight. The two of them were getting sick of each other. Finally Lisa decided to not be friends with Kelly anymore. Kelly was mad but agreed. The two never spoke again.
Ben wanted a new carpet. But he could not decide which color to buy. His friend recommended white. So Ben had a white carpet installed. But he found that it was difficult to keep looking clean.
Dana was reading The Artist's Way, seeking ways to become artistic. The book advised journaling, and Dana faithfully wrote every morning. Reading over her entries, she began seeing how preoccupied she was. Dana decided to purposely invest mental energy in her creative ideas. Beneath the mundane worries, she found her buried artistry.
When Robert joined the army he wanted to defend his country. He fought hard to get what he wanted and completed his training. But when he was sent oversea, he lost it. Once in the middle of the battle he just wanted to go home. He did, but unfortunately it was in a coffin.
Kate sat at her desk wondering what she would eat for dinner. She decided she wanted mashed potatoes from her favorite place. He mouth began to water thinking about them. But she still had an hour till quitting time. She was upset she had so much time to wait.
Lois was a beautiful lady. She always loved to play on her phone. She would watch many tv shows on her phone. One day Lois lost her phone. She panicked but quickly found her phone she loved so much.
Max had learned to be courteous from his grandma. So when he took women on dates, he was always the best. Women always asked him how he turned out like he did. And he loved talking about his grandma saying how she taught him. The problem was he never stopped and the women left.
Mary was driving on the highway in her car. She saw a man standing next to his car on the side of the road. She pulled over and he told her he has a flat tire. He told Mary that he doesn't know how to change a tire himself. Mary changed the tire and fought him how for next time.
Tom got a new puppy. It was still not housebroken. Tom needed to leave it alone for a while. The dog went crazy all over the house. Tom spent all night cleaning up after it.
My cell phone bill is way too expensive. Currently it is over one hundred dollars a month. I have noticed many ads stating that they can cut my bill in half. My brother switch phone providers and has saved a lot of money. I think today I will switch to his provider too.
Tom got a book from the library. He really enjoyed it. He read it more than once. Unfortunately he forgot it was late to be returned. Tom returned the book and paid the small late fee.
Al brought his erasable pen to school. And he used it as his normal writing writing instrument. He used it so much that he stopped buying pencils. Without thinking, he used it on a multiple choice test. But the machine that graded it marked every answer as wrong.
Lucy and her friends were going to a wine vineyard. Lucy had just got engaged and this was here bachelorette party. All the girls began sampling the many types of wines. The wine flowed free and the women had a great time. The vineyard was a great choice for her time with friends.
Cody caught a mouse in his trap. He checked the trap after two weeks. He found the dead mouse. Cody threw the dead mouse in the trash. His cat dug the mouse out of the trash can.
The car had been tailgating her for what seemed like forever. The headlights were shining right in her back window. Blinded, she kept going slower and slower. Finally the car passed her. However, another one just like it soon pulled in behind her.
Jen felt tired after waking up early to run errands. She decided she would take a nap. Jen fell asleep for almost an hour. When she woke up she felt great. Jen was happy that she didn't feel tired any more.
Tina's house smelled like pumpkins. She had lit a new candle. The smell spread throughout the house. Her friend asked where she had bought it. The candle became very popular.
Jill had a new baby. She put the baby in her high chair. When she walked away, the baby spilled juice on the carpet. Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour. She learned to take the juice away before leaving the baby alone.
Frank was lonely. He wanted to meet a nice girl. Frank had tried the normal routes in trying to meet women. He made an account with a matchmaking site. Frank met many nice women there.
Mary wanted to go to France. Mary didn't have any money. Mary applied for a study-abroad scholarship. Mary didn't win the scholarship. She still wants to go to France.
John walked into a saloon one day. One of his enemies was in the bar and threatened John. John tried to leave, but his enemy pulled out a pistol. John was forced to draw his gun, and they fired at each other. In the end, John shot his victim and quickly got away.
Kate wanted to spray paint her bike. She put newspaper on the garage floor before she began. When she was done, she cleaned up the newspaper. There was paint on the floor where the newspaper had moved. Kate knew she was in a lot of trouble.
I was walking barefoot through my house. Something warm and soft brushed against my foot. I screamed and jumped, hitting my head on the ceiling. Holding my head, I fumbled for the light switch. The winter sock on the floor mocked me.
My daughter volunteered every Saturday at an animal shelter. One Saturday when I arrived to pick her up she was out walking a dog. The dog broke loose from her and came running to me. He laid on my feet and wagged his tail. We took him home and he has been my best friend ever since that day.
I cooked some sausage last night. Unfortunately it was overcooked. I looked at it and it was black. I was rather disappointed. But I ended up eating it anyway.
Annie had a test on Monday. She went bowling on Friday. She went to the mall on Saturday. She watched TV on Sunday. Annie failed her test.
Tom always aspired to be a judge. He worked very hard for many years. Finally he became a judge. He felt great about it. Tom was happy that he became a judge.
Sean had just been given a job offer. Today was the orientation. He learned that the job was selling vacuums door to door. That was when he noticed the unprofessional demeanor of the office. He left during the orientation and never went back.
Roy and Jim were working outside on Roy's garden. They got thirsty so Roy went inside for water. Roy took out a pitcher and filled it to the top. He forgot to add ice so it was warm. Roy took the pitcher, two cups and some loose ice to Jim.
Frances lived in a beautiful house in the middle of the woods. Her dad used to go hunting in the woods every morning. One day, her dad came back with a beautiful deer! From the deer, they made sausages and steaks. They had so much deer meat that they actually got pretty tired of it.
Henry was a professional musician. He got tired of steep producer costs. He decided to learn the software and produce his own music. It all turned out terrible and amateurish. Henry returned to using professional producers.
The police were looking for an armed suspect who robbed the neighbors. Frantically, John locked all of his doors. He made sure to locate his firearm and the nearest phone. John hid out in his house for most of the day, scared to leave. Eventually John called the police to confirm the robber was caught.
My daughter wanted to see Blair Witch Project. She and her friends were only 14. I took them all as the movie had an R rating. The girls were very scared after seeing the movie. They were afraid to go to bed that night.
Kim texted her crush. He never replied back to her. The next morning Kim noticed a missed message. He replied overnight. He explained his phone wasn't charged to her relief.
Eva had a nagging cough. She went to the doctor. He diagnosed her with pneumonia. She was supposed to go home and rest. The doctor called her that night to check on her.
Suzy was learning how to drive. One day, there was snow on the road. She tried to brake when a car pulled in front of her. She did not brake fast enough and hit the car. Her mother was very angry.
Evan really wanted to marry Carly. He got down on one knee. He pulled out the ring. He asked Carly to marry him. She didn't accept.
Lisa wanted so badly to be apart of her school's debate team. She studied many subjects in hopes of making the team. The next day tryouts were held for the debate team. Lisa was very nervous during her tryouts but did her very best. At the end of tryouts they announced that Lisa made the team.
While checking out his old barn a piece of the roof fell. Ray waited a few months before he had the money to fix the roof. He went the hardware shop for food and other supplies. He worked on the roof for 5 days. After 5 days he finally fixed the roof.
Jared had a piano. He wanted to learn a specific song. He looked it up online. Then he watched some tutorial videos. When he was done, he was able to play the song.
Sam was driving his friends around. One friend didn't want to put on his seat belt. Sam insisted that he should. The friend kept refusing until Sam slammed on the breaks. Sam's friend was upset but obliged.
I was tending to my yard. Some squirrels were playing in my yard. I decided to treat them. I harvested a few acorns and tried to feed the squirrels. Alas, a squirrel bit me!
There was a scary mortician who worked at the morgue. All the town's children were mortified to go anywhere near. He was a tall brooding man that never seemed to smile. He had grey skin and reeked of death when he was anywhere near. This old man who was the nightmare of the town, the mortician.
Matt had always liked Marsha. They had science class together every single day. One day he slipped a note to her in the middle of class. The teacher caught them and read it out loud. Matt was embarrassed but Marsha later agreed to date him.
Chang came to America on a ship. He got off and started looking for work. He saw an ad at a chinese restaurant. He was Cantonese but the food was Mandarin. He messed up the recipes and was fired.
Mary wanted to dye her hair blonde. She went to the beauty supply store for bleach. She went home and was eager to begin. She followed the instructions exactly. Mary's hair went from Black to orange.
Lori owned the only bread store in town. She sold bread every day and was successful. One day an undercover investigator visited her store. The investigator found legal violations and closed down Amy's store. The residents had to go to the next town to buy bread.
My dad was a heavy drinker. He could out drink almost anybody. When he was young it did not affect his health to much. His doctor warned him that all that drinking would catch up to him. Now my dad has liver disease caused by heavy drinking.
Tom was had a bad tooth ache. He couldn't see the dentist in a few days. He tried taking some pain pills. It wasn't enough to help. He wound up taking more and overdosing.
Dave was meeting up for his first date with Maria. They agreed to meet at a popular diner downtown at 8 PM. Dave arrived 30 minutes early. Maria never showed up. Dave left after waiting for Maria for 2 hours.
Me and my Dad go to the shooting range every Summer. My Dad taught me how to shoot a rifle properly. Now i can hit the targets with good accuracy. I asked him to teach me about pistols. Next year he will teach me how to shoot pistols properly.
Billy got a new puppy. He was planning all the fun they would have together. He walked into his bedroom and gasped. The puppy had pooped on his shoes. Billy spent the evening learning how to house train the puppy.
Harry was a very poor man. He worked very hard at his construction job. Harry decided that his boss wasn't paying him enough. He arranged a strike to get higher wages. Harry's boss was very upset but gave him higher wages.
Kim's friend was coming in from out of town. She cleaned her apartment a bit. She also planned on activities for them to do. When the friend arrived they went straight to sleep. They claimed to be too tired from driving.
Sam needed a job. He found an opening he wanted. He sent a resume and got a call back. Once there he noticed they were interviewing dozens of people. Same lost hope and went home.
Jan's mother served a new kind of meat for dinner. It was grayish, and covered with a thick gravy. Jan took a bite, and decided she liked it. After dinner, Jan told her it was cow's tongue. Jan ran into the bathroom and threw up.
The family decided to have a picnic. Mother made some turkey sandwiches. She gathered chips and punch and added them. Finally, she added some fresh cookies for dessert. Then they grabbed their basket and headed off for a picnic.
Jon was working on his coffee table. He moved his leg and the table fell over. One of the legs had broken and given out. Jon's computer fell on the floor and broke. Jon had to replace the table and his computer.
He woke up late and rushed to the bus stop. The bus was running really late. This day is not starting off good, he thought. Then it began to rainy. When it rains, it pours, he thought to himself.
Joan felt bad for Millie, who was the only black girl in school. Then, Joan's brother brought home a black friend from school. Joan thought it would be perfect to introduce them. She rushed to school to tell Millie the great news. Millie looked at Joan with a puzzled expression.
Robert worked as a computer programmer. He kept getting raises year after year. The company decided they were paying Robert too much. They started contracting out their programming work. Now Robert collects unemployment and watches television.
Jennifer was her teacher's star pupil. She sat at the front of the class and always raised her hand. Alex was a bully and he pulled on her hair. Jennifer turned around and scowled. Alex laughed so hard he fell back in his seat onto the ground.
Sam's favorite meal to cook was chili beans. One day for a potluck at work, he brought in his chili beans. Everyone agreed how great that Sam's child was. He decided to enter his recipe in a local cooking contest. Sam won first place in the chili competition.
Brian told his from Amy about how to fold a fitted bed sheet. Amy was excited at this news and went home to try it. She made several attempts but couldn't get it right. She tried to watch an instructional video for more help. After the third video, Amy was able to fold her fitted bed sheet.
Lisa started her senior year. Being her last year of high school, she intended to make it the best. During winter break, she was involved in a car accident. She broke both legs and spent several weeks in the hospital. Despite this, her senior year finished up as the best.
Sean and Eric were running for student council president. Sean really wanted to win and told everyone lies about Eric. Some of Eric's friends found out about Sean's lies. Sean was reported and kicked out of the election. Eric won the seat unopposed.
Sammy wanted to look good for the concert. She planned to make some tie-dye t-shirts. She bought white t-shirts and paint. She drizzled paint in an intricate pattern all over the shirt. The tie-dye shirt turned out looking great.
Joe needed a new sliding door. His old was broken. So Joe went to the store to look for another one. Joe found a very nice one, Joe loved his new door .
Iris decided to get a new tattoo. At first she was nervous, but then she really wanted it. She realized it would be a nice thing to get. Iris then decided to get a rose. When it was done she loved it.
The Smith family opened up a diner. Unfortunately they didn't have much business experience. They made good food but couldn't turn a profit. The restaurant struggled for a few months. Eventually they had to shut down.
Janice had never volunteered at her daughter's school. One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try. The next big event was Halloween so Janice signed up for that. She ended up hosting a really fun class party. Janice loved it and vowed to volunteer more at school.
Logan is going camping. Logan is going to have a bonfire. Logan is going fishing. He will sleep in a tent. He will have lots of fun.
Jo's mom saved up to buy her a special gift. Jo opened the present and found an electronic reader. Jo's mom looked pleased, until she found the device gathering dust. She saw Jo cuddling up with her favorite old books. So she dusted off the device and put it in the closet.
Jill wanted to get a nice gold ring for cheap. She went to her local pawn shop to browse the jewelry selection. She found a ring that she really liked. Jill was not satisfied with the price she was offered. Jill managed to drop the price down and bought the ring.
Tim wanted to buy a new video game that was very popular. He didn't have enough money to buy the game right away. Tim was determined to earn money and did extra chores at home. Tim's mom gave him the money he earned. Tim finally had enough money and bought his new video game.
Tim got drunk at the bar. The next day he realized his phone was missing. He got a friend to call it. Tim noticed the sound was coming from his refrigerator. Apparently Tim had put his phone in the freezer.
It was Tina's first day of school. She was wearing her favorite pink backpack. However to her dismay, Stacey had the same bag. Tina was very upset. She never wanted to wear it again.
Ariel was starting a new job in the morning. She went to bed really early, so she would be well rested. When Ariel woke up so was really nervous. She got to work and had so much fun. She ended up loving her job and had nothing to be nervous about.
Kelsey decided to form a band with her friends. Her friends were reluctant but she convinced them. Gradually they got better with practice. Soon Kelsey and her band were playing local gigs. Kelsey was glad to have a fun hobby with her friends.
Billy's family just moved to a new city. He was nervous to go to school and make new friends. At school, Billy was quiet and shy. Sarah came up to Billy and introduced herself. They became great friends.
Suzy dropped her bag by accident. She couldn't find it. All the sudden she found it. A nice woman found it for her. So Suzy treated her to lunch.
Tim wanted to buy new glasses. He asked people for advice. He wanted stylish glasses. His friends suggested black frame glasses. Tim purchased the glasses and was happy with his purchase.
Melissa got a list in the mail for her school supplies. She and her mother headed to the store to buy the new supplies. At the store, she chose a new book bag and lunch box. She also picked out a new pencil box and crayons. When she got home, she packed her bookbag for the first day of school.
Jenna had neighbors who played loud music all day long. She tried to talk to them but they were obnoxious. She also tried to talk to the apartment manager without success. As there wasn't much she could do, she stopped struggling. A month later, the neighbors moved and she was relieved.
At morgan's birthday party, we set up a pinata. The first girl to swing does not break the pinata. The next boy hits one of the legs off the pinata. Morgan takes one big swing and the pinata explodes. All the kids collect their chocolaty goodies.
Nita was hungry. She put a bagel in the toaster. But after a few moments, she smelled something burning. The toaster had failed to pop her bagel up. Nita's bagel was hopelessly burned!
All the students were curious about the new school. The old building had been demolished over summer. The school district would be opening the new school this year. The first day of school came and all the students saw the new building. It was a beautiful place and they all agreed better than the old one.
Lynn wanted to learn to play darts. She practiced every Friday night. Soon, she was good enough to play with her friends. The first game, she won! She was really proud.
I had an old friend named Charles. Him and I used to do a lot of fun things together. One day the friendship became strained. I went to buy something from one of his friends and I got robbed. I had guns to my face and lost all the cash I had on me that day.
Ken needed to write a book report. He didn't want to. A friend wrote it for him instead. The teacher was suspicious about it. He asked Ken questions about the book and found out the truth.
Lucy was used to the heat. It was always very hot in her area. Yet unfortunately today was an exception. It was so hot she could barely stand it. She ended up having to go to the doctor.
Mary and her boyfriend had been dating for five years. He asked her to a fancy restaurant for her birthday. After the meal was over, he got down on one knee. He proposed to Mary. She said yes!
John had a big crush on a girl from school, Julie. He was so nervous, but knew he had to ask her on a date. He asked, and to his surprise she agreed for tonight. The night came and it was time for the big date. Together, they went bowling and had a great time.
Steve woke up last week feeling nauseous. He checked his temperature and saw he had a fever. He called off work to go see a doctor. The doctor told Steve he had the flu, and gave him medicine. Now, Steve is feeling better.
Tom was very hungry. Tom was a vegan. It was late at night. Tom knew that vegan food was unavailable because it was so late. Tom decided to fast that night and forgo food.
My first time drinking was my freshman year in college. I had drank dark liquor and way too much of it. I got so sick, that I went to the hospital the next day. I was completely embarrassed because I had to call my parents. I vowed to never drink again after that.
I have starting to golf on the weekends. I am getting better and more confident. I decided to enter the local golf tournament. I was so nervous that I was not playing well. I decided not to enter any more tournaments.
Joey asked a stranger on a date. The stranger refused to go on a date. Joey went home feeling rejected. He ate a whole container of ice cream. He went to bed feeling defeated.
Lou had a new home with a backyard. He wanted his kids to be active and watch less television. Lou bought outdoor play equipment for his kids. His kids loved the new stuff and spent hours outdoors. Lou was very proud of kids for being active.
When the health inspector comes to Jack's restaurant Jack is nervous. He tells Jack that if he wants to pass it will cost him $500. What he doesn't know is that Jack has cameras in the restaurant. He reports the inspector and sends in the video and audio. The inspector is fired and arrested.
Sally was having cable installed that morning. She cleaned up the house so that the technician could work easier. When the technician arrived, she told him where to put the box. The man installed it and showed her how to use the remote. Once he left, she explored her new tv.
Larry wanted to give his daughter a special toy. Larry looked through the toy department for several options. After searching, Larry found a cute little lamb. After purchasing the lamb, Larry got it gift wrapped. Larry was glad to have found the perfect gift for his daughter.
I had a bad dream. In the dream I slipped in the kitchen and fell. I was very afraid of the kitchen after that. I decided that this fear was irrational. After going back into the kitchen, I was fine.
Kyle and his grandfather went to a football game. It was on a chilly December day. They were cold and could not enjoy the game. For the next game they took blankets and hot chocolate. Kyle and his grandfather had a great time at this game.
The family took a tour through the mansion. The son got separated from the group. He asked an adult for help. The owner of the mansion found his parents. The family was reunited.
Alex was excited to begin her journey of learning in Junior High. She'd worn a nice white dress for the first day of the school year. Her excitement quickly turned to nervousness, and her stomach rumbled. All of a sudden, Alex had explosive diarrhea! She wept and ran away from the kids pointing and laughing at her.
Roy was drowning in homework that he had procrastinated. He had physics, calculus, and chemistry to work on. He spent all night working on all of that homework. He did not sleep that night. Roy was almost a zombie the next day.
Florence really likes to cultivate gardenias. She aspires to become an expert horticulturist. She takes online lessons and goes to the botanical garden. She puts into practice what she has learned. After a year, she now grows the most beautiful gardenias in her city.
When I was younger I taught myself the guitar. I spent hours and hours practicing. I started to love it. I loved it so much that I started to write songs. I would perform them for my family.
Ted was in an airplane. The man next to him was religious. And he was trying to convert him to his religious. This greatly annoyed Ted. So he asked to move his seat.
Misty's barking has to stop! The neighbors have called the police three times now. Every time animal control shows up at our house my mom is furious. Mysti may be loud but at least she doesn't mess in the neighbor's yard. Mom does have a point!
The family was starving. The dad stole some food. He gave it to his family. He got caught. The judge was lenient on him.
Hugh was running late for work, but he was very thirsty. He wanted to get a coffee before his bus arrived. Hugh went into a coffee shop and waited in a long line. Hugh finally bought his coffee, but he missed his bus. Hugh got to work late that day, but he enjoyed his coffee.
I had a best friend when i was in grade school. We were like sisters and we never hide secrets to each other. But as we grow up my friend changed. She tells lies and hide secrets from me. Then i realized people do change.
Maria was hungry, and so she decided to make breakfast. Maria went to the kitchen to look at her food. Maria opened the fridge and took out two eggs. Maria heated up a pan and cracked the eggs into it. Maria waited for the eggs to cook.
Sue decided she wanted to go on a vacation with her family. She talked to her boss about getting two weeks off of work. Her boss granted her a paid vacation. Sue took her family to Tahiti. They all had a great time!
The boy put on the costume. The mom pretended to be scared. The costume was not supposed to be scary. The boy got upset. The mom couldn't help but laugh.
Yesterday I went to the state park to go kayaking. My friends and I decided to participate in a race. We raced as fast as we could around the rock. Finally I ended up winning. I was thrilled.
The team had just won the tournament. They were ready to celebrate! The town came out to cheer them on as they paraded through town. They displayed their trophy and their medals. The town was proud of their home team!
Richard enjoyed dancing a lot. His favorite type of dance was the tango. One day at the park, he found a girl who also loved to dance. Together, they danced every night. Now, Richard dances with his girl every single day.
Jason needed a new car so he decided to work overtime. He worked extra shifts during weekends. Jason posted a picture of the car he wanted to keep motivated. After four months Jason had enough money to get his new car. He drove it to work the next day to show his co-workers.
Todd and his buddies drove to a campsite in the wilderness. Each of the three young men set up separate tents. Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm. They roasted hot dogs around the fire, had s'mores, and told stories. Then they set up their sleeping bags and went to sleep.
My dog Leila loved to chase my friends Damien around. Although she was playful, he seemed scared of her. One day Leila chased him from the backyard to the front yard. She ran after him down the street and inside his house. She stopped and set next to his grandfather in their living room.
The Anderson Family loved to spend time together. Each of the family members lived in different cities. The distance made it difficult to spend a lot of time together. They decided to start planning an annual family getaway. They have now traveled to over 10 countries together!
Brad had a desire to be a salesman for an international company. He went to school and got a business degree. After school he was offered a good job traveling the world. Brad has spent the last ten years traveling around Europe. He had decided to get a job in the States to be closer to his family.
Jim went to the bar with friends. He had too much to drink. He lost track of time and space. Luckily he didn't embarrass himself too much. His friends made sure he got home safe.
Michael is starting Football, so his parents bought him weights. They came today and he is super excited to build a gym. He decided to build the gym in the basement. After setting up, he began working out immediately. The invigoration he felt was unbelievable.
Billy's mom just got a fresh box of his favorite cereal. There was a prize in the box somewhere! He knew he'd get in trouble if he put his hand in the box. So he poured it all into a huge bowl. He still got in trouble, though.
The woman went to her hairdresser. She asked for a short haircut. The hairdresser cut it even shorter than she expected. She thought she looked like a boy. She hid inside her house until her hair grew out.
Zoe wanted to plant a flowerbed in her front yard. She bought flowers with her favorite color purple in them. She watered them everyday and took care of them. They started to grow and bloom into beautiful flowers. Her flowerbed was the prettiest one in the neighborhood.
Hugh was a big spender. Despite having large debts, he would always buy everyone drinks. One evening out cost him over $500 as he was so generous. After years of neglecting his bills, bailiffs eventually were called. Hugh had all of his possessions seized and had to start over again.
Gina's family woke up before dawn. There was a lot of packing to be done. They were moving her grandma with them to Minnesota. The little kids got out of the way. Gina helped with the moving to speed things along.
In 1999, we went to the beach with our friend Sally. Sally was 24, with a two year old son, Dan. We drove to Nahant Beach. A dog came up and ate Dan's favorite ball. I talked to the owner and got her to pay Sally $5 for the ball.
Delilah was eating breakfast one morning. Suddenly she felt a soreness in her teeth. She went to brush them but still felt nervous. She decided to make an appointment with her dentist to be safe. She did have a cavity that they were able to fix.
Suzy and her friends decided to have a boat race. Suzy made sure she had a head start. So she naturally won. But her friends found out and disqualified her. Suzy then gave up the title.
Tim rented an old apartment. Things often broke down on it. He had to call maintenance often. After a while Tim became friends with the maintenance guys. Tim would call them directly to fix problems faster.
I left my house to go to the store for a drink. I walked down my street and down the main road. At the store, I picked out an iced tea I wanted. I paid for it and thanked the man. I walked home, feeling refreshed.
Katie liked to make hummus. She gathered all the ingredients and mashed them together. When she was finished, she scooped it up with carrots and crackers. Sometimes she added lemon juice as a finishing touch. Katie could eat hummus every day!
Joe is an avid book collector. There is one book he can never find. He has tried ordering it online with no luck. Joe finally gave up trying to find this book. One day, Joe found his book sitting on a shelf of a donation center.
Anthony got a new job. He was very excited because of the pay increase. He said goodbye to all of his old colleagues. After his first day of his new job, he was dismayed. All of his new coworkers were cruel.
The kids were playing video games at the party. The volume was extremely high and no one can hear themselves. My wife pulled the power plug from the console. When the game shut down, the kids were mad. She gave all of them time out.
Jenny and her parents were always very close. She loved them dearly but always felt a little unattached. She was cleaning her mother's house one day and found some old papers. One of the papers was about an adoption of a girl named Beth. Jenny confronted her parents and learned she was adopted at birth.
Blake was the meanest kid in school. So one day all the kids ganged up together to talk to him. As he was alone, Blake had to listen. But as soon as they were gone, he was ready to retaliate. The next day he picked each kid individually to bully them one by one.
My sister in law's circuit breaker started clicking tonight. She lost power to her bedroom briefly. She called me up for advice. I told her to turn the circuit breakers off and reboot after a minute. Things worked fine after that.
Paul is a very creative and artistic person. He loves sharing his creations and imagination with the world. Paul decided to use his creativity to create a clothing company. Paul built a website for his clothing company and opened a store. Paul now completely supports himself from the sales of his clothing.
Patrick wanted to earn money for a toy gun. He asked his mom for money. His mom told him to clean his room. Patrick went in his room and shoved all his toys under his bed. Patrick's mom gave him some money when she saw a clean room.
Daniel just got home from a long day of work and wanted to sleep. Before he slept, he drank a glass of milk. When he went to his bed, he found out the pillow was missing. He searched for an hour and finally found it. James went to sleep and had a good night.
The kids liked doing art projects. Clay was their favorite medium. They would sculpt bowls and vases. Then they would put them in the kiln. They loved showing off their projects.
Val had been bullying a girl at school. The girl had learned Karate and stopped Val's attack. Val went to her mom and made herself out as the victim. Val's mom was extremely upset. Val was pleased when her mother decided to visit the principal.
My wife brought two doughnuts home tonight. She bought specialty croissant doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts. They are filled with chocolate. My wife's doughnut was filled but mine was not. I sent an email to Dunkin Donuts complaining.
Gina and her sister were going for a walk. Gina always enjoyed their time together. Today, however wasn't much fun. They both seem bored as they were on their walk. Gina feared their connection was fading.
Our friend's daughter Jill was going to college. She got accepted to Lesley and Saint Anselm. Her father works at Saint Anselm so her tuition would be free. She really wanted to go to Lesley but did not get financial aid. She reluctantly went to Saint Anselm.
Brock had just started school. His school had a fire drill. Brock was confused. The noise scared him. Brock began to cry uncontrollably.
Lester is a suburban husband and father in his 50s. He decides his life is too boring so he buys a fancy sports car. Lester's wife is mad at the amount of money he spent on the car. Lester's wife made him return the car to the dealership. Lester came home with a motorcycle instead.
Rene sat in the living room with growing anxiety. Her mom sat with her. She reminded how great Rene was. Rene's mom began playing with her hair to soothe her down. This calmed Rene down.
The soccer team gathered early on Saturday morning. THey had to take a team photo. It was too early for the kids. They all refused to smile. The photographer was embarrassed when he saw the photo he had taken.
Chris loved junk food. Pizza was his favorite! He put piles of pepperoni on it. Then he sliced it into just four pieces. He ate the whole thing!
Bill and Jill went to the zoo to see the big cats. Jill looked in the tiger pen but didn't see it. Bill stood behind Jill and made loud tiger noises. The noises startled Jill greatly. She punched Bill on the shoulder for being so cruel.
Joe had let his hair grow out. Joe's hair was down past his shoulders. Joe needed to get a job. He decided to clean up his appearance. Joe cut off all his hair for the interview.
Emma needed a new dress. She was going to a fancy party. Emma looked at several stores for a formal dress. She tried on dresses in blue and maroon and silver. She finally chose a beautiful silver dress for the party.
Tom has a big presentation at work tomorrow. He has not prepared for the presentation. He works all night long to present something for tomorrow. He spilled coffee on the USB stick containing his presentation. He gets to work and wings his presentation, everyone loves it.
Janice stood there. Tears running down her face. She was surrounded in sadness. The phone slid from her hands. It was the call she never wanted to receive.
Jay wanted Hope to be his prom date. But Hope was popular and Jay was not. He thought for sure she would refuse to go with him. He steeled himself and asked her anyways. And to his shock, she agreed!
Leo begged his mom to take him to the zoo. After weeks, she relented and they went to the zoo together. Leo was thrilled and excited! He loved walking around looking at all the foreign animals. Leo and his mom both had a great day at the zoo!
Mitch wanted to learn how to play the piano. Unfortunately, his family was too poor to afford piano lessons. To pay for the lessons, Mitch got a job delivering the newspaper. He saved all the money he made. After 3 months, Mitch was able to afford his piano lessons!
Daryl had never tried coffee, so he decided to go out and buy some. He drove to the nearest coffee shop and walked in. At the front, the barista asked what he wanted. He told her that he wanted any coffee. Daryl tried the coffee, and spit it out.
Fred began dating a woman that seemed fun and outgoing. After a year, she got pregnant and they planned were excited. Soon, Fred found out she made most of her income from child support. Turns out, fun and outgoing was really an addiction to partying. Fred wishes he had known this before it was too late, but didn't.
Alice was a mean person to many. She hated most people in her class. She stole the books from a classmate. She then threw them in the garbage. Alice had no friends after that.
My favorite part of our backyard was a tall, ancient blue spruce. One summer, needles were turning brown and dropping alarmingly. I tried more watering and fertilizer stakes, but the tree got worse. An arborist determined it was infected with an aggressive virus. Sadly, the tree couldn't be saved and had to be chopped down.
When I was young, my mom took me and my brother to Hawaii. I remember eating overpriced fast food. I also remember riding jet skis. We toured the city and saw lovely things. Sometimes we did get bored, and couldn't wait to get home.
One day Amy as cleaning out her inbox. She found an email from a friend who lived abroad. Amy replied that she missed her. She was ecstatic to hear she was coming for a visit. Amy began making fun plans for her friend when she arrived.
I was eating a Subway sandwich today while watching a comedian. When he said something particularly funny, I laughed hard. I accidentally snorted a jalapeno piece into my nose. I spent the next 10 minutes trying to flush out the heat. Now my face is all red from having the pepper in my nose.
My interest in biology started via exploring the world in childhood. I'll never forget discovering an amazing creature in the garden. Pulling weeds, I stumbled upon a snail glistening in the leaves. His tiny shell and soft body, so different from me, were fascinating. That garden snail taught me in a flash the wondrous variety of life.
A college student made a rope swing at his house for fun. He swung on it for for hours when he finished making it. The branch he chose was not very study, however. Mid-swing, the branch came crashing down. The student fell from the apex of his swing and felt embarrassed.
Neil took a flight to the Pacific islands. Then he took a boat to Kiribati. The locals met him at the harbor. They were friendly and kind to him, and welcoming. Neil knew Kiribati was going to be a great trip for him!
Ike loved to fish. He went all year long. In the winter the ice fished. He caught lots of big ones. His family was sick of fish.
Fridays are date night for the Smiths. They have been married 24 years. They have 4 children and are all grown. On date night they usually go to dinner and a movie. Sometimes the even go out and meet friends for drinks.
April noticed something in the tree. She went over to investigate and saw it was a nest! There were baby birds inside of it. She watched them for a while, then snuck away. She saw the mother bird come back and feed them.
John loved playing chess. John often played chess in his local meetups. John was told he should play for a tournament. John signed up for it. John became champion of the tournament.
Candace saw Cindy wearing some beautiful shoes. She went to the mall to find the same exact pair. Candace searched for over two hours and finally found the shoes. The next day Candace wore the same shoes as Cindy. Cindy glared at Candace for copying her style.
Ronny decided to invite his friends over. He made a big bonfire in his backyard to sit near. Everyone showed up with snacks and sodas. Ronny had fun staying up late to talk with his friends. He invited them back the very next day.
Gina 's friend Rita wanted to know why she was upset. But Gina didn't want to share. Yet Rita kept prying. Gina was upset about something their friend Mary had done. Finally, Gina gave in and told Rita about what Mary had done.
Once the new house was built, we knew we had to grow grass. So we had it hydroseeded and then started to water it everyday. However it didn't rain all summer long. So every day we had to go turn the sprinkler on. The grass eventually grew and so did our water bill.
Jaden was doing a lecture at an university about mirrors. All the students nodded in agreement as he talked about the mirrors. One young man stood up and proved him wrong about his lecture. Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man. The two ended up friends.
Her hair always tangled severely. Her mom went and got the detangler spray. She sprayed it all over her hair. She whimpered as her mom brushed out the tangles. Afterward, her hair was smooth and shiny.
One day, Oscar's car stopped functioning. Oscar decided to sell his old vehicle to a mechanic. With the money from his sale, Oscar went to the car dealership. Oscar purchased a blue convertible for a fair price. Oscar drove home in his new car.
Suzy was carrying heavy materials. It was getting heavy. Her shoulder was in pain. She had to take medicine for it. Then she felt better.
Monica had just made a pot of rice. She carried the pot to her table to serve some. She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound. She lifted the pot and saw a huge burn spot. Luckily, she was able to clean the burned spot up.
Allie wanted to sleep in. She had a late Saturday and was tired. Her family wanted to go to church early. She faked being sick and stayed in bed. Her family knew she was faking but didn't push it.
Chad wasn't very romantic. He had never had a girlfriend during Valentine's Day until now. He knew he had to buy her a gift of some kind so he went to the store. He knew she would love some candy hearts. They were actually negative hearts that made his girlfriend cry.
Linda loved to make ice cream. She went to the store to pick up everything she needed. Linda started making the ice cream after she got home. After an hour or so the ice cream maker was finished. Linda smiled as she tried the first bite of fresh ice cream.
Dan really wanted to ride a motorcycle. He begged his parents to allow this. But Dan's parents said it was just too dangerous. Dan accepted this with respect and dignity. His dad rewarded Dan for this, by buying him a motorcycle!
The woman drove down the road. She came to a complete stop. She opened her car door. She threw out her cat. Then the woman drove away.
Cherry always loved music. One day, Cherry decided to get a record player to see how it sounded. Cherry bought a record player in a store. There weren't any records for sale in the store, though. Cherry went home and bought a record online instead.
Jean ordered something from Pottery Barn. It was a new rug. When it showed up, the colors were all wrong. Jean was disappointed to have to return it. She started to look for a different rug to replace it.
Angie was at a subway shop. She wanted to get a sandwich. When asked what she wanted on it she was too shy. She answered quietly and wrong. She ate the sandwich anyway but didn't like it much.
Bob's neighbor was an old lady who had no family nearby. One day he noticed the neighbor's lights never came on. He entered the lady's house, finding her unresponsive. He rushed her to the hospital, where they began CPR. Bob was saddened deeply to learn they were unable to save her.
Missy love her chocolate. She had no money to afford it. She did chores for a week for mom and dad. She raised ten dollars for her Chocolate. Missy got the biggest chocolate bar and became super happy.
One day at work Darren's co-worker fainted. He didn't know what to do. He called for help. An ambulance arrived. They were able to take care of her!
Will wasn't sure who he liked in the US presidential election. Will talked with his friends, who were all undecided as well. Will watched a debate where the two candidates sparred. Will decided he liked one candidate's answers over the other's. Will cast his vote for that candidate.
Bethany's pet hamster escaped. She looked everywhere for him. Suddenly, Bethany heard her mom scream. The hamster was in her mom's bedroom closet! Bethany successfully captured the critter, much to her mom's relief.
Mike liked to walk to the park. There, he would take pictures of the different animals. He always wanted to snap a photo of a bear but never found one. One day, he camped in the middle of the woods all night. After waiting many hours, he finally got a picture of a bear!
We played monopoly last night. We put the board game on the coffee table. We all sat around it taking turns. I almost won, but the kids thought they could change the rules. I conceded and let them pretend to win.
Jake was horrible at math. He had a math test on Friday. He studied all week but still did not feel ready. When Friday came along, he felt sick. Luckily, he passed.
Sabrina wants to win the lottery. She goes out and buys a bunch of lottery tickets. She goes home and watches the news. The news shows she did not win the jackpot. Sabrina had wasted all her money on lottery tickets.
Jane had a gymnastics competition on Friday. She worked hard all week. She practiced extra on the balance beam. She didn't fall a single time on Thursday. She got a perfect score at her competition!
Jimmy bought a dog for his mom. He gave his mom the gift at her house. The dog made a mess on her couch. His mom asked Jimmy to take the dog back. Jimmy adopted the dog for himself.
Jerry was in line to buy tickets for a movie. Jerry wanted to see an action movie. Jerry got to the window. The tickets to the action movie were sold out. Jerry saw a horror movie instead.
Ashley went to a local festival. She played a ball tossing game. On her third toss, the ball went in the jar. The prize for winning was a small lizard. She collected her winnings with a smile on her face.
Jen was playing catch with her baby sister. She won the first few rounds. Then she decided to slow down and play worse. She let her baby sister win the next few games. Jen was so happy to see her sister's smile!
My father passed away. I hadn't seen him in three years. I decided to attend the funeral. I cried because I regretted not spending time with him. I realized I should spend more time with my family.
Steven loved his couch a lot. He would sit on it for hours every day. One day, his couch collapsed. This was a big issue as it was his only couch. Steven rushed to the store and was able to buy a new couch.
Sam wanted pancakes for breakfast. He loved pancakes and missed eating them as a kid. But he realized he was out of pancake mix. Sam's friend called inviting him to IHOP for breakfast. Sam didn't even have to cook his pancakes for breakfast.
Randon was so hungry. He looked in his fridge. There was nothing he found to eat. So he decided to order a supreme pizza. The pizza came and he ate the whole box.
The professor explained today's experiment. Everyone put on their safety equipment before beginning. I ignited the Bunsen burner to heat a substance. Since i didn't release that the gas was running, a flame sparked. It burned off a part of my eye-brow.
Lynn had gotten bad grades at school. She hadn't been taking her studies seriously. She decided to study harder. She received good grades on her next report card. Lynn was proud of herself.
Megan presented her creative work. The team had a meeting about it. They talked about what they liked. Megan got some nasty comments after. She went away crying.
A little girl got a kite. She had her dad help her lift it. The wind started to blow. They held tightly to the kite. The kite flew up into the sky.
Hunter, a one year old dog loves to catch things in his mouth. One day his human family took him to the river. His male owner threw a rock at the water. However, Hunter grabbed in his mouth and it broke his canine tooth. Hunter had a surgery to remove the broken tooth and he recovered fast.
John was not looking forward to Jury Duty the next morning. He was kind of nervous and was not happy. When he woke up though, he felt a little better about it. He spent all four hours just sitting there and was never called. On the way home, he knew there was nothing to worry about anymore.
Kennedy has a deep fascination with youtubers. She is subscribed to many channels. She checks for updates every day. One day she got a message from a youtuber encouraging her to join. Soon after she set up her own channel.
Kate wanted to throw her mom a surprise party. Planning was going well. But then Kate invited her little brother. He told her mom about the party! Kate was so angry, she wanted to smack him.
Ken had to wear a suit to his college graduation. But without parents, he had a tough time tying his tie! Finally he gave up and bought a clip-on. Ken was worried someone would notice it. But actually, he got many compliments on how nice he looked!
A woman wanted a puppy to keep her company. A friend told her to come over to her house. There A momma dog had given birth to puppies. The woman picked up a small puppy from the liter. They have been together ever since.
I was best friends with Michelle as a kid. One day, we got into a huge fight. I chased her and slapped her face really hard. I felt so bad afterwards. The next day, I apologized to her and we made up.
John hated spinach as a child. John's daughter refused to eat spinach. John ate spinach in front of his daughter. His daughter ate it after he did. John eats spinach for his daughter's sake.
I moved to Vallejo in 2009. When I settled in Vallejo, I became lonely because I had no friends. I ended up meeting a few cool people at a bar one night. Since meeting them we have become really good friends. I am very happy that I met people that I get along with in Vallejo.
Molly had forgotten her lunch at home. She was sitting with her friends and one of them offered her sandwich. Molly thanked her and started eating. She hated the sandwich, it was very gross. She didn't want to be rude, though, so she ate it and thanked her.
Jenny never used a crystal punch set she got as a wedding gift. When a friend got married, Jenny wrapped the set as her gift. When the friend opened the gift, she looked curiously at Jenny. She told Jenny it was the same punch set she gave her Years ago. Jenny laughed and said best friends share the same taste.
Jen wanted to go for a swim in the pool, but she didn't have one. She asked all of her friends if they had a pool and found one. She went over to her friends house and they swam together. Jen decided that she loved the pool and wanted to come over again. Jen's friend had her over every day that week for the pool!
Randy wakes his kids up real early. He has a wonderful surprise for them. He tells his kids he is taking them to Dollywood. His kids get excited. Randy has a fun day with his kids at Dollywood.
I am not much into football. However, I watch football with my Dad. During half time, my dad heats up hot wings. The hot wings made watching football bearable. I had no idea what is going on in the football game, but I had wings!
Sarah and her friends were about to go to different colleges. So, they decided to do one last thing together before they separated. Sarah suggested they road trip across the United States. Her friends agreed and they left a week later. On the trip, they had a great time and created amazing memories.
Anna's cupboards were bare. She decided to go shopping. She went to the store and bought lots of food. Then she took it home and put it away. Anna's cupboards weren't bare any more!
One day Billy found that his wedding ring was missing. He looked all over the house for it. He even cleaned the entire house while looking for it. His wife came home and he was afraid to tell her. She told him that she had taken it to get cleaned.
Lee was packing his kids' lunches. He made an assembly line of sandwiches. He put meat and cheese on each one. Then he added mustard. Soon, he was finished with many sandwiches.
There was a kid who was out of breath. The teacher noticed this and came over to help. She grabbed an inhaler and let him use it. He was able to breathe better after using it. She was a hero.
Work needed to be done on Miss Corcoran's roof. She elected to do the work herself. She bought a huge ladder and set it up against her house. She got vertigo while climbing the ladder and descended again. Miss Corcoran ended up paying a neighborhood girl to do the work.
Bobby loved going to the zoo. He was able to go this last Saturday. There he saw all his favorite animals. The monkeys were his absolute favorite. He spent the most time looking at them.
Mary studied hard for the big test coming up. She stayed up late for several nights reading over her notes. She got to class early on the day of the test. When she got the test, she worked quickly to get done on time. She got an A on the test and rushed home to tell her parents.
I got into my car. I drove it to the store. I bought several groceries. I went to the cashier with my items and paid for them. Then I wheeled my cart to my car, unloaded, then went home.
Walter got stuck in the rainy on his way home from work. He accidentally stepped in a puddle and soaked his shoes. After getting home he took them off and relaxed to forget about it. The next morning he went to get ready for work. His shoes were still wet but it was too late to do anything about it.
The server placed everyone's orders on the table. Jim decided to rest his arm on the table. It ended up hitting my dish and it fell on the ground. Although I had to reorder my dish and wait, I didn't yell at Jim. The server didn't bother to charge me for the replacement.
Gina got on the school bus and sat alone in a seat. She was tired so she went back to sleep. After 20 minutes she awoke. There was someone in the seat next to her. Gina knew everyone who rode her bus, but this was a new person.
My grandmother made key lime pie. She placed some of the pie on the table. I decided to eat some of it. It tasted good until I found out that there were several hairs in it. I went to the bathroom to spit it out.
Daniel has tried his best to stop drinking soda. He knows that they are unhealthy and bad for his teeth. However, one afternoon he drinks a soda as a special treat. He savors the delicious soda. However, after drinking it, Daniel feels remorse.
Randy always purchased his music digitally. He did not understand why someone would buy music physically. In an effort to learn why, he purchased a record at the store. At home he sat down, ready to listen to the album. However, he had forgotten that he needed to buy a record player.
Pat complained about his tiring homework assignment. He had to write a six page essay about a slum in Vietnam. But when he started to do research, he saw sad images of the slum. Pat decided to never complain again. And he decided to finish his homework.
Lindy stole my turkey leg when we were in the park. When I tried to grab it, she ran away. Since she can run fast, I experienced some difficulty catching up. In addition, my right shoe opened from the inside out. I ended up falling on the ground.
James was walking home from work. He saw a dog locked in a hot car. James opened the door and let the dog out. He called the cops. The cops took his statement, and James was free to leave.
Tammy was excited for Christmas. She loved decorating. She started celebrating early by making a gingerbread house. It was fully detailed. All of Tammy's friends thought it looked great.
Sarah has a toothache. She needs to see the dentist. Sarah doesn't want to visit the dentist. She is afraid of the dentist. The dentist is very kind and treats her toothache.
We planted tulips a few weeks ago. They were starting to bloom in. I was excited. So I ran to see them. But I fell flat on my face.
My sister in law has been smoking for 46 years. Last month her doctor recommended a CT scan of her lungs. She was concerned about the results. The results were good, and she was relieved. She continues to smoke, however.
Sheila took her two kids to Disneyland. The first ride they wanted to ride has a four hour wait. Sheila did not want to wait but she did to make her kids happy. After four hours they were still not on the ride. The ride broke down and they had to wait another three hours.
John was going camping this weekend. He needed a new pair of boots. He went to the mall to shop for a new pair of boots. He saw a pair of waterproof boots that he really liked. He was able to buy them for 50% off the retail value.
My husband called this morning to tell me that he hurt his back. It was really bad, so I decided I need to go home to help him. When I got home, I helped him out of bed. Then I gave him his medicine and got him settled in his chair. He is going to be in pain for a while with his hurt back.
Amy was learning to cook for herself. She decided she would make beans to have as protein for a week. She spent hours soaking the beans before cooking them. After she put them on she laid down and fell asleep. Her mother woke her up to inform her the beans burned.
Ben worked on a report late at night. He fell asleep and left the computer on. The computer ran out of battery and it closed down. Ben's report got deleted since he didn't save it. Ben panicked and tried to retrieve it.
Barry was out in his garden pulling the weeds. Barry knew he should be wearing gloves, however he did not. As Barry was attempting to pulling a set of weeds, he got cut. Barry immediately looked at his hand and knew he got a grass cut. Barry was mad that he cut his hand while pulling weeds.
Her boss had just left the office. The secretary noticed that he forgot an important document. She rushed after him as he just went down on an elevator. Instead of waiting, she ran down the seven flights of stairs. Out of breath, she met him at the ground floor to deliver the goods.
My 1000 page report was due before midnight. After eating dinner, I began to work on it. After typing up 200-300 words, I started to fall asleep. When I woke up, my friend texted me. My class recently started and he asked why I wasn't there.
Alice needed to make a phone call. She picked up her cell. She pushed green button, but no response. Her phone was broken. She decided to buy a new one that day.
Ivy needed popsicles to snack on in summer. But she was trying to control her sugar intake. So Ivy made her own popsicles by freezing juice. She even added fresh berries to improve the taste. Ivy's popsicles were even better than the store-bought kind!
Wendy kept a bag of gummy bears in her pocket. She ate a few in the morning and wanted to save the rest for later. Her work was hard and physically demanding. She was sweating and exhausted by the afternoon. She discovered that the gummy bears had melted in her pocket.
Chuck needed groceries. So he drove to the store to buy them. He wandered the aisle picking things he wanted to eat. At the checkout counter he realized he had forgotten his wallet. Chuck went home without his groceries.
Lola prepared all her meal in advance during the weekend. But when her fridge broke down, she panicked. She ate all the food she had prepared and got sick. She had to stay home all week to heal her stomach. And she had no more food in the house to eat anything.
Gary worked in an office building. The office flooded in a hard rain. Gary came back to work a week after the flood. The workers began to clean the mess. The boss finally called in a professional cleaner.
I remember my first pregnancy was too hard. I had this morning sickness most of the time. Even my co-workers were experiencing this because of me. I almost run to the comfort room when i have to vomit. But after i gave birth it's all worth it.
My old boss has an autistic grandson. Paul is five and cannot talk. He was getting treatment but lately has been acting out. Recently the family brought in a dog as a service animal. So far Paul has been calmer.
Kathy was a fast food worker. She was having a hard time being switched to manager. She just couldn't handle all the pressure of being a manager. Kathy's supervisors saw this and made a choice. Kathy just wasn't management material and they demoted her.
Tom's neighbors played their music loud at night. Tim was passive aggressive about it. He realized their sound system had blue tooth. He paired up his phone to it. At random times he would play Disney melodies to annoy them.
Gina needed money, but her mom had none. Her mom suggested she call her dad and ask for some. Gina rarely spoke to her dad. She was nervous to ask for money. She gathered all her courage and dialed his phone number.
Craig snuck into his older brother's room. He found some toys to play with. He took them out of their packaging and played with them. His older brother was angry. They were expensive collector's items.
Don was unhappy in his relationship. He started cheating on his girlfriend. One day he told her he was at home when actually on a date. She happened to show up at the same restaurant. Don was confronted and dumped on the spot.
Joe was an aspiring rap artist. He would practice his art everyday by performing and writing lyrics. He eventually started creating mix-tapes to promote his music. His music was a big success in his suburban neighborhood. Joe eventually became a local celebrity for his music.
Hannah had long pretty hair. Every day she would brush it 100 times. One day, Hannah went through a bad breakup. She decided to cut off her hair. Hannah's new short hair looked nice.
Todd's dog had long claws. The scratched up the wood floors and the furniture. Todd decided to clip them. THe dog thrashed around and tried to get away. Todd ended up being scratched, too.
Dave was spending a lot of money on granola bars. So he thought that he should make his own. He was surprised that they tasted better than the ones he bought. So he ended up making his own granola bars from then on. And he was happy about how much money he saved.
Jeff has been dreaming of starting his own business. He loves to do interior design in new homes and businesses. He was very happy when he was approved for a start up loan. He found a great office space and looked for a few employees. After a few weeks he got his first client and is now very successful.
Joe was going to the beach. As he was getting ready he saw that his dog chewed up his sandals. Joe was angry. Joe got ready and went to the store to get sandals. Joe went to the beach and had a good time.
Ronald was very hungry. He needed to eat something. He headed down to his local burger place. He proceeded to order a burger. He ate the burger and ended his hunger.
Jasmine was so close to winning. She could see the girl in front of her running out of steam. Jasmine put all of her effort into the final lap. As the finish line approached, Jasmine pulled in front of the girl. With her arms outstretched, Jasmine won the race!
Fred realizes that he has very few friends. He has tried to meet people for many Years, but it never works. One day he decides to buy a goldfish. He finds that the goldfish makes him feel less lonely. Fred is glad that he has at least one friend now.
Bob entered a raffle. He won the raffle. It was a trip to Hawaii for two people. He didn't know if he should take his wife or his friend. Ultimately, he decided to take his friend and his wife got angry.
Joey was always bullied in class. One day he decided to say something back. The other kid told him they'd fight after school. Joey hid and ran home. He kept getting picked on for the rest of the year.
As a child I loved climbing trees. One day I was playing outside and I decided to jump for a branch. I took a few steps backwards to prepare for my leap. I ran, leaped and could not reach the branch and fell on my back. There on the ground, I decided that I wouldn't attempt this again.
Bill was getting new tires on his truck. He saw them put his truck on the lift. But he noticed something wasn't right. His truck leaned a bit and then fell off the lifts! They didn't place the lift properly on his truck!
The family would go on bike rides every evening. Sometimes they would go around the block. Other times, they'd go many miles. They always wore helmets and used flashing lights. They enjoyed their family time together.
When we went to get on the go carts, we were stopped. The attendee said we had to wear appropriate shoes. My son was wearing flip flops. Thankfully he was kind and let our son borrow his shoes. We said thank you and our son enjoyed the ride.
Julie was tired of her clothes getting stained while cooking. She decided to start wearing an apron. She picked a pretty, floral one. She wore it when she was cooking and her clothes were saved! She hung her apron back in the pantry.
Shawn wanted a bike to ride to school. He often complained to his mom that he wanted the bike. She said when he earned the money, he could have the bike. He saved up his money in a piggy bank. When it was full, Shawn broke the piggy bank and bought a bike.
Steffan grew up as a nerd. At eighteen he decided to take on a new role in life. He bought a leather jacket, hair grease, and a pack of cigarettes. Steffan decided he was going to become a bad boy. First cigarette made him quickly realize he was bad being a bad boy.
One of Lisa's favorite parties of the season was the black/white party Every summer Lisa and her friends would wear black and white and dance She rented a local DJ and caterers for the event. All the girls had a fabulous time. Lisa couldn't wait till next year.
There was a small maple tree in Gus's yard. He watched it during a storm as the acorns fell. There was at last a single acorn on a branch. A mighty gust tugged at the acorn. Gus did not move from his window until the last fell.
Terry was competing for his town's triathlon. He was fit and ready to win. But the competition was fierce and he almost lost. Only with redoubled effort did he managed to push through. He got the gold medal and was very proud of himself.
Sam went to Paris as a tourist. He visited many of the famous tourist attractions there. Sam had heard a lot about absinthe bars in Paris. He visited a famous absinthe bar one afternoon. Sam really enjoyed this authentic taste of Paris.
Jay looked out the window in November. He saw something fall from the sky. He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire. Jay went outside to investigate. Since he smelled no fire, he thought it was snow.
Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday. He decided to make a video. He convinced his family members to play roles in the video. Austin worked hours on editing his video. When finished, he held a viewing party and his family loved it!
Julia loved the idea of travel. She had never gone out of the southeast United States. She would always plan amazing trips out west and out of the country. She decided to save up for one of those trips finally. Julia had trouble deciding which trip to go on first.
Hari wanted to teach English abroad. He decided to teach in Thailand. Unfortunately, he encountered racist views. No one wanted to hire Hari because he was Indian. Hari became sad and decided to go back home.
One time, in high school, I went roller skating with my friends. It was the first time I had ever been roller skating. After an hour or so, I got to the point I could stay on my feet! That is, until I accidentally ran into a poor little girl. Thankfully she was okay and forgave me for my poor skating ability!
Bobby and Sandy went to the zoo. They saw all kinds of animals. Around noon, they went to the concession stand for lunch. After lunch, they walked around some more. Before leaving, Bobby and Sandy looked at the gift shop.
In 1993 I started to notice hearing loss in my right ear. I went to an ear, nose and throat doctor. He thought I might have a tumor and wanted an MRI. On a follow up visit he said it wasn't a tumor after all. I was immensely relieved.
Bobby had a pet snail. Everyone hated his snail. Everyone told him he couldn't keep it as a pet. Bobby always disregarded their remarks. Bobby and his pet snail lived happily ever after.
After taking Poland, Hitler decided he wanted more territory. He decided to attack France now. France had prepared earlier for just such an attack. So Hitler marched his armies through Belgium. Paris is now in Hitler's hands.
Frank was drunk and driving and was caught by the police. Franks license was suspended. He had to take DUI classes. He finished it and finally got his license back. Frank no longer drinks and drives.
Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.
Alex loves travelling with his wife. They have been married 5 years and vacation each year. His favorite trip was to Vatican City. He thought the city was absolutely beautiful. They plan to return again in the future.
We used to have a driver named Bill. Bill liked to drink. One day Bill had a drink before he drove us around. Bill got pulled over and taken to jail. He no longer drives for us.
Lily's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts. Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut. Her dad warned her to sit still when Lily squirmed. As he trimmed her bangs, Lily strained to get out of reach. When the haircut was done, her bangs made a diagonal line.
Vicky had been trying to potty train her two year old. Her son was scared to death of the potty. She decided to get a potty chair with his favorite cartoon on it. Her son still refused to sit on the potty. She eventually got her son to use the big potty.
Dan recently was contracted to work out of the country. Dan's boss was trusting him to open a new branch successfully. While Dan was nervous, he knew he could get the job done. In addition, this was not the first branch that Dan had opened. Dan was glad that his boss trusted him with official business.
A little boy played with a ball alone. Someone brought a little girl into the room with him. She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her. However he allowed her to play with the ball as well. They continued to play until they went home, not alone anymore.
Bobby was excited to go fishing with his grandpa. They went a few times a year and always had a good time. Grandpa picked him up early because that's when the fish were best. He caught six fish that day. His mom cooked them for dinner that night.
Sam's house didn't get much light. He had dark curtains which didn't help. He decided to replace them with something more sheer. The new curtains let in more light. Sam decided to replace more window treatments.
Nina's mom had just had a new baby. Nina was anxious to meet her little brother. Soon, her dad brought her to the hospital. Nina sat down a chair. Her dad put the baby into Nina's arms, and she hugged him.
Raising a litter of puppies is challenging and can be gross. They obviously are not potty trained, and they poop everywhere. If the puppies have worms, you have to give them medicine. They will poop out worms for hours. You won't want spaghetti for a long time.
Last week I went out to eat Chinese food. I got general tsao chicken. When I got home, I started eating. Unfortunately I started feeling sick. I realized I shouldn't go back there.
Ryan promised his brother that he would receive the job. His brother remained patient for the entire week. During the week, Ryan spent time recruiting someone else. His brother was furious when he found out. As a result, Ryan got yelled at.
She went home, her face swollen from the surgery. She took painkillers and decided to work anyway. She sat at the computer with gauze in her mouth. She called her employer and said to send her some work. Her boss chastised her and told her to go to bed instead.
Annika's favorite Blankie was full of holes. Grandma offered to repair them, but Annika was too scared. Grandma told Annika that Blankie needed surgery, just like Grandpa. Annika allowed Doctor Grandma to do surgery with her sewing machine. Annika was happy that Blankie and Grandpa were both all better.
Max was working on an important work project. He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours. He decided he needed a break and went to the bathroom. He got back and saw Windows was auto updating, losing all his work. He cried and formatted his computer to become a Linux user.
Charles had been working on the docks for three months. One afternoon, a ship dropped off two pallets of stuff. Charles left the pallets on the dock for another ship to pick up. Charles's boss fired him for leaving pallets of ice-cream on the docks. Charles said he'd sue for unlawful termination.
Tim's pet cat ran out the door one day. Tim chased after it but didn't catch it. He felt he had lost it. He called out for it a few times and the cat ran up. Tim was happy to have found it so soon.
Beth woke up late and is rushing to get to work. She runs across the street to catch her bus. Just as the bus pulls into the stop Beth's glasses fall and break. Now she's late and she needs new glasses. Beth promises herself she will never wake up late again.
Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game His children were so happy their dad was gonna watch them The game was about to begin Randy was with another woman in a white van Randy disappointing his kids by not showing up to the game
Sara wasn't feeling well and had a bit of a fever. Sarah thought she might have caught the flu, so she went to the doctor. The doctor said it was just a cold and he gave her some medicine. Sara took the medicine and she got lots of rest. Soon Sara was feeling much, much better.
Ned had told his parents he was gay. They were okay, thankfully, and told him to invite his boyfriend over. Ned was nervous, but asked his boyfriend Tim to dinner. When they all sat down to eat, Ned's nerves eased, then dissolved. Everyone was calm and having a wonderful time together!
Cathy has always wanted to have a child. She thought she was told old to conceive. Cathy talked to her doctor. He gave her confidence she could still have a baby. Last week Cathy found out she was pregnant.
Alicia had flown to California. When she got to her destination she couldn't find her luggage. But Alicia thought she would find it. She asked the staff. Unfortunately she had no idea what to do.
Rita was sixteen and wanted her first summer job. She got a job working at a burger joint. At first she hated the work, thinking it was tedious and hard. But gradually she got used to the job. Soon Tia could recognize the work ethic her job was teaching her!
John was looking for a new phone. He decided to buy one from Ebay for cheap. When he got the package from Ebay it only had a toy phone in it. He was angry and tried to messaged the seller. The seller's account was already suspended.
Norman had gotten a promotion at his job. The pay raise was very little. Norman had a lot more responsibilities. Norman began to suffer from stress. Norman decided to step down from his position.
Portia has noticed that her roommates are becoming increasingly messy. She asks them to start helping to keep the kitchen cleaner. However, one day she comes home to find the kitchen very dirty. She decides to leave the apartment and start living alone. Now Portia loves living in an apartment that she can keep clean.
Melanie was turning 16. Her family decided to throw her a sweet sixteen party. They kept the entire party a surprise. They invited all of her friends and got her a bunch of gifts. Melanie was shocked and super happy when she found out.
Marci decided to make a smoothie. She put frozen strawberries, a banana and yogurt into a blender. When she flipped the switch to on, nothing happened. She checked the blender and noticed it wasn't plugged in. She plugged in the blender and successfully blended her drink.
The city wanted public opinion. They held a town hall. Prominent people came. They asked good questions. Everyone went home with new ideas.
Gerard wanted to find a dog companion for his kids. He took his kids to the local pound and asked to see all the dogs. The kids were very sad to see so many dogs abandoned. They asked Gerard if they could take all of them home. Gerard told them they could take only one, and they did.
Mandy loved to go to karaoke. For her hen party, her friends hired a karaoke machine. She sang nearly every song on the machine. Her friends got very bored after the first 5 songs. The important thing was that Mandy enjoyed her night.
Fred loved tacos. Because of that he decided to start a business. He created a taco tent. Fred was pretty into it. He ended up doing very well too.
Seth loved to craft things with his saw. He opened a business building wood furniture. One day he lost his saw! He couldn't build without his saw. His business soon went bankrupt.
On Monday, I had to board a plane at 6 pm. Not wanting to be late, I asked Tom to give me a ride there by 5 pm. Tom told his boss he needed to get me to the airport by 4 pm. On Monday, Tom showed up at my house at 3 pm to pick me up. We got to the airport at 3:30 pm where I waited for over 2 hours.
One day, Billy and Susan decided to go to the falls. They packed a lunch and their swimsuits into the car. The whole way there, they got more and more excited. When they got to the park, they climbed all they way up to the falls. They had a beautiful time swimming that day.
Marisol was pregnant with her third baby. She was very reclusive and had never had a baby shower. This time around she was working at a new job. Her work friends threw her a surprise baby shower. Marisol was delighted by the new, kind experience.
My wife's iPad is supposed to get photos if her iPhone does. That was not happening yesterday. She got on apple chat tech support. They were unable to help her. We finally found out it was our Internet was not working well.
Sarah had a disorder. she wasn't able to do many things. Everyday at school she was bullied. One day she went to a counselor. She told the counselor everything that happened.
Amber's closet was overflowing. She had clothes spilling out of her drawers. It took forever for her to find anything. Amber realized she needed to get rid of a lot of items. She bagged up a carload and donated it to the Goodwill.
I loved to dance. I was very shy about being seen dancing. My mother persuaded me to go dancing with friends. I had a lot of fun doing so. My friends and I go out dancing almost every week now.
Tina wanted to be sure she had the perfect wedding dress. She searched all over town to find one. Finally, she found one that suited her perfectly. She bought it right away. She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress.
Dorit hated surprises. Her sister knew this but planned a surprise birthday party anyway. Dorit sensed that her sister was planning something. She went around to the back of the house instead of the usual front. Dorit came up behind the hiding guests and surprised all of them.
I discovered that some groundhogs had moved onto my property. I rented a groundhog trap and baited it with lettuce one night. The next morning, it looked like I had caught something in the trap. It was not a groundhog, though -- it was an irritated baby skunk! I carefully lifted the trapdoor with a long stick and it escaped.
One time one of my cats caught a squirrel. I chased the cat down to take the squirrel away. The squirrel was making all kinds of noise. I placed my fingers behind the squirrel but in the cat's mouth. I screamed when the squirrel ran up my body and jumped off my head.
Tracy wanted Doug's  attention. Tracy wrote Doug sweet love letters. Tracy bought Doug nice Presents. Tracy discovered Doug lied about his feelings. Tracy is now considered a murderer for killing Doug.
Grandma tried to climb a small hill. My dad was going to take a picture of her. She didn't want her picture taken. She reluctantly climbed to the top. Just as she got there, she slipped and fell all the way down.
I went out to get a milkshake today. I went to my favorite ice cream shop to get one. When I got there I found out that milkshakes were very expensive. So I decided to get a cone instead. The cone was very tasty.
Allison loves to swim. She decided to join her school's swim team. On the first day, she made the varsity team. Allison won many races. She is training for the Olympics now.
Tori saved up her allowance money for months to buy a new phone. She finally saved up enough to go to the Apple Store. She went there and bought the latest iPhone. She promptly dropped and cracked the screen. She returned the phone because it caused her too much stress to own.
Josh was cooking a pizza. He got distracted while he was cooking. All of a sudden the smoke detector started going off. Josh remembered his pizza. He ran to the kitchen just in time to see his pizza burning.
Taylor wanted to be a hockey player. Even though he tried really hard, she was not very good at the sport. One day, he decided to ask a friend to teach him. He practiced hard for many weeks. Now Taylor is the best hockey player on the team.
Matt liked playing the piano. His mom signed him up for lessons. After a few sessions his teacher became frustrated. Matt like playing music by ear instead of reading the notes. His mom said no more lessons knowing Matt could teach himself!
Marie was stuck in traffic and playing a game on her phone. Someone tapped on her window and she recognized a cop. He told her to stop playing and pay attention. She apologized and pocketed her phone. She regretted it as it took an hour for the traffic to move again.
Annie was a cancer patient with very low income. One doctor said she could try a free trial drug. She decided it couldn't hurt. To her amazement the drug was a great success. She felt much healthier immediately.
Laura and I decided on going to the beach on Tuesday. We checked to make sure it was sunny when we woke up. It was a little cloudy but we decided it should be fine. We got ready and packed the car with towels! When we got to the beach it was really sunny and I got burnt!
A month ago I learned to knit. It was very fun for me. I am very thankful I learned how. Now I am able to make my own sweaters. I am thankful my mom taught me.
Kathy was having trouble sleeping and concentrating. She decided to look up online what may be wrong with her. She figured then it would be best to see her doctor. Her doctor told her it would be signs of depression or anxiety. Kathy decided to seek therapy and began to sleep at night again.
We went to the new Chili's in our town. We sat down in a booth. We ordered a couple of drinks. We ordered prime rib tacos. We enjoyed our meal profusely.
Allie wanted a change in her hair color. She decided to dye it dark. Too bad for her, it was much too dark. Allie was scared. She immediately tried bleaching it to make it lighter.
Tim was light skinned. Nobody knew he spoke spanish. One day he overheard others talking in spanish. They were talking about him without thinking he knew. Tim responded to them.
I was driving and noticed a man with a flat tire. I stopped and he told me he doesn't know how to change a tire. I taught him how and we changed it together. He was very thankful and gave me five bucks. It felt good to help someone in need.
Last summer, the Johnson Family went to Disney World on vacation. They were so excited to ride all of the fun rides! But then it rained all day, so they couldn't ride any rides. The children were so disappointed and cried a lot. But the next day was sunny, so they rode rides all day!
Diana and I were driving out of state. After a couple of hours, we decided to stop and have lunch together. Afterwards, we arrived at our hotel. She decided to treat me to a dinner night. The next day, we attended the football game.
Beth decided to work out on a treadmill at the gym. She was out of shape, but confident she could perform well. She started the treadmill on a medium setting. Beth was running fast trying to keep up. When she reached to turn it down she fell and slid off the treadmill.
Gordon wanted to start working out. His friend had a gym membership. Gordon tried out the gym with his friend. Gordon decided to join the gym. Gordon went to the gym everyday with his membership.
Jeff was learning to skateboard. He fell while attempting a trick. Jeff landed on his arm. Jeff sprained his wrist. Jeff waited a few months before getting back on the skateboard.
Jimmy went for a swim at the water park. He climbed on top of the tower where there are slides. Since he left his wallet in his pocket by accident, it got lost. When he saw it, it was headed towards a large crowd of people. He wasn't able to go through all of the people.
Barry was constantly bullied. He would run away, though it wasn't really his nature. He longed to stand and fight. He took a martial arts course and built his self-confidence. The bullies stopped messing with Barry after that.
Chelsea loved designer brand clothes. Her friend Liv told her she had a way to get designer brand cheap. Chelsea gave her 500 dollars to get a new purse. The purse was a knockoff from China that cost Liv 120 dollars. Chelsea couldn't tell and got 380 dollars stolen from her.
My family took a trip to Florida for my grandma's birthday. It was her 100th birthday and we were throwing her a big party. Many people came from all over the country. Grandma enjoyed the birthday party and all her gifts. We all enjoyed the awesome family reunion.
Jonah had nightmares again. He told his mom that he didn't want to sleep alone anymore. But the mom didn't want him in her bed every night. She went to the toy store ready to fix the problem. The following night, Jonah fell asleep with a huge bear in his arms.
Ann was studying to be a lawyer. She had been preparing for the lsat for a very long time now. When she got her test back she passed with flying colors. Ann couldn't believe it and was thrilled. Her boyfriend then threw her a party afterwards.
My friend Rachael took me to the store to buy a coffee table. While the store had a lot of furniture, none of it was right for me. Rachael told me about an antique store in her home town. We decided to give it a shot. To my pleasure, I found the perfect coffee table!
Steve was pumped about buying the latest smartphone. He had ordered it online and it was going to arrive at his house. He received the tracking number and was home when it arrived. When Steve opened the box, the new phone was in a million pieces. Steve was so disappointed he had to send it back and wait on another.
Jenny took her daughter to the zoo. The went to the children's zoo and petted baby animals. They walked around each exhibit. Her daughter loved the zoo. They will be going back for another visit.
Remy was a rich kid. One day, his father lost all their money. Remy had to beg on the streets. Because he had a rich kid name, no one believed he was poor. Remy cried every night at his pretentious sounding name.
Kate went to the store looking to buy a bathing suit. She found one she liked and asked for opinions from friends. They all seemed to like it and so she bought it! She got home and took the tags off to try it on one more time. She tried it on and was very disappointed that it didn't fit her.
Kelly needed to get a new pair of headphones. She had earbuds but needed new ones. She searched everywhere for the perfect pair. Finally she found a pair. When she tried them on they were great.
Paula wanted a new pair of dress shoes. She went to the store and looked around. She finally found a pair of red high heels. Paula loved the new shoes. She wore them on a date that night.
Kia was slicing meat at work. Her hand slipped and she cut her thumb! She tried to bandage it, but it was too deep. She went to the hospital for help. There, the had to give Kia nine stitches!
Andre is on the basketball court shooting balls. A young man comes up to him and challenges him to a game. Andre gladly accepts with confidence. Andre gets beat by 25 points and is Humbled. Andre learned his lesson and decided to work harder to become better.
Stacy was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight. She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother. But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did. Stacy still had a good time playing, and was on her way back inside. She was suddenly hit with a snowball, and her mother was the culprit!
Billy needed to get some vegetables, so he took a trip to town. After driving for a bit, he settled on a shop that sold local produce. Once he was in the shop, he asked for some bread. The cashier had all kinds of bread for him. After he went home he made an awesome dinner.
Andy was finally old enough to learn how to drive. His dad had promised to take him out on his birthday. He quickly learned however that it was more difficult than he thought. Andy's dad encouraged him to keep practicing. A year later, Andy passed his driving test.
Derek went to the bar. He has had a long, upsetting day. He started talking to the bartender. They ended up liking each other. He got her number.
Alissa was very stressed out. She decided to call the day off from work and give herself a spa day. She got a massage. After the massage she got a manicure and pedicure. Alissa felt very relaxed at the end of the day.
My sister in law's washer died this spring. Her husband is very frugal, and did not want to buy a new unit. After months of lobbying, he gave in this summer. He nearly fainted when he found out the washer cost $850. His wife is very happy, however.
Neil was sightseeing in Germany. He took a train to Berlin. There, he saw artwork and lots of cultural attractions. He was impressed by the beautiful architecture. Germany was an amazingly beautiful country!
Ann and her mom had a girls' night. They watched comedy movies all night. Then they got hungry. They decided to order a pizza. Girls' night became pizza night!
Mary was getting her kids dressed for a family photo. While she tended to the girl, the boy went in the kitchen. He got into a big bag of flour which got all over him. Mary did not have time to wash his clothes. They took their family photo, although the boy was mismatched.
Shonda took medication for her high blood pressure. She had trouble keeping her blood pressure under control. Her high blood pressure caused her kidneys to fail. Shonda had to start dialysis four times a week. She was ecstatic when she found out she could get a kidney transplant.
Tim was very clumsy. He constantly dropped glasses. He broke so many that he had nothing to drink out of. Tim decided to buy plastic cups. He still spilled them but they didn't break.
My friends are totally into the retro scene. Last weekend they wanted to go to Disco night at the bar. We all dressed up in our best disco clothes and headed out. It was a lot of fun with funny dancing and outfits. We're planning on going again next week.
Emma was driving at night. It began to rainy. She tried using her windshield wipers. They were too old and barely worked. She had to go to the store to buy new ones on the spot.
Alan wanted to go bird watching. He took his binoculars and went to the park. Alan saw many beautiful birds at the park. When he was done, he had many birds in his collection. Alan was proud to be a bird watcher.
Sam was frying up some chicken in a pan. He made sure to keep a close eye on it. However, his phone rang and he walked away to answer it. When he came back the pan was on fire! He poured water on it, which was a very bad decision.
Abby, a large golden retriever dog, loved to run in her backyard. She especially loved chasing after the the squirrels in the yard. The squirrels would tease her by running on top of the fence. They would jump from the fence right onto a tree. Abby never caught a squirrel but she sure enjoyed trying to!
Last night I had a dream about biking. I used to cycle a lot. I had a stroke in 2011 and was no longer able to bike. I dreamed about riding to work, happy. I woke up to reality.
Ashley was failing her math class. Her big sister, Christa, decided to help. Every day they reviewed Ashley's homework together. Ashley's grade improved to a B. Christa liked helping so much that she started a tutoring business.
Sheri was wondering why you can sometimes see the moon in daylight. So, not having a computer, Sheri got in her car and drove to a library. Sheri arrived at the library and went inside. She went to the astronomy section and found a book on the moon. Sheri read the book, and now knows why the moon shines in the daylight.
Dax, Andy and Marilyn were three four year olds having a play date. Their moms were in the kitchen while the boys played in the playroom. Suddenly the moms heard the boys fighting. Dax and Marlin were being mean to Andy, so their moms broke it up. The play date ended after Dax and Marlin apologized to Andy.
There was a stray dog wandering our neighborhood. It was getting into garbage cans and getting trash everywhere. One our neighbors threatened to lay out poison to kill it. I didn't want the dog to die, so I spent a day trying to capture it. I finally caught it and brought it to the local animal rescue.
Mike, the master craftsmen, began work on his chair. He chose the perfect wood. Measured everything and cut it exactly. Finally his work was done for the day. He stared at the boards imagining putting them together in his head.
My third grade teacher was very young. She told us she had just graduated college and was 22. She was so nervous she was shaking. We tried to help her feel better. We fell in love with her on the first day.
Cora had recently converted to Islam. She wanted to cover her hair with the traditional religious hijab. But she feared her family and friends would scorn her. Scared but determined, Cora donned her hijab. And to her surprise, her family and friends were respectful and kind!
Jim finally moved into his own apartment. But he had no money to spend on entertainment. He got bored and decided to drink alcohol in excess. He became drunk and got into a fight. Jim ended up in the hospital.
Billy played with his army men all the time. They were green, small and full of adventure in his mind. But one day he lost them all. He never found them and wonders to this day where they went. His friend Bart stole them from him.
Debbie wanted to go roller skating. Debbie wasn't a very good skater. At the skating rink, she fell multiple times. Every time she fell, she got back up and tried again. Debbie is now an excellent skater.
A boy and his large dog walked towards me earlier today. I froze in my tracks because I am scared of dogs. The boy said come on my dog does not bite. I tried walking pass them but the dog bit me on the leg. Now I am at the hospital getting 50 rabies shots.
Sarah had gained weight recently. She decides to get in shape by rowing. Sarah is very diligent and rows more than an hour everyday. Soon, her back hurts so much she can't move. After recovering, Sarah learns to take things more slowly.
Lucy had indigestion. Her grandma gave up trying to heal it. Her grandma was taking her to see a doctor. Lucy panicked. She couldn't go to a doctor for a tummy ache from stealing cake.
Sue was at the coffee shop. She ordered her usual iced latte from the barista. When she got to the cashier to pay, her order was already paid for. Sue decided to leave money anyway. She was thankful for her own kind gesture and wanted to do the same.
McDonald had always wanted a computer. The only issue was they were very expensive. McDonald decided to save his money. After many months, McDonald had enough money. Now, McDonald owns a computer and he is happy.
John's plans for the weekend suddenly were canceled. John decided to spend some time with himself. He ordered Chinese delivery. John also ordered a couple movies from Amazon Prime. John relaxed, enjoying his Chinese food and action movies.
OUr family loves baseball very much. We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday. The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs. My husband caught a fly ball. It was an eventful day at the ballpark!
Tally was getting ready one morning. She was trying to improve her dental habits so she began to floss. Immediately her gums were in a ton of pain. She gave up flossing and searched for a solution. Luckily she found water picks which were perfect.
June was carving pumpkins for halloween with her family. This was her favorite part of the year. When she finished she was very proud of her pumpkin. When she went to put it outside the neighbor told her how great it was. June was so happy she hugged her neighbor.
So 5 year old Mimi and her brother were going to the candy store. They went to cross the street in front of the house. Her brother crossed and Mimi couldn't see any cars so she ran out. She got hit by a car and only broke an arm. And her brother bumped his head trying to save her.
One day, I broke my computer mouse. I couldn't make it work at all! I had to take it to the store to get it fixed. At the store, it was deemed unfixable. Instead, I opted to buy a new mouse.
A trail of ants could be seen coming into the home. Martha followed them from the kitchen door into the living room. There were crawling all over a piece of bread on the floor. She picked it up and tossed it into the garbage can. Martha got the raid bottle and sprayed the insects dead.
Ray was shopping at a store. The workers at the store were rude to Ray. Ray had a credit card for the store. He paid off the credit card immediately. Ray cut up the card so he would never shop there again.
I was riding to a far away location. I felt my car start bumping and shaking. My car stopped on the highway, as my car had ran out of gas! I had to wait 30 minutes, in the dark for my roadside assistance. Finally they came to help, and I made it home.
Tanner was surfing when a rogue wave approached. Unbeknownst to Tanner, the wave was quite large. It sideswiped him and washed him ashore. A young woman helped him to his feet. Tanner didn't realize she liked him.
The sheep was very small. She was the only black one in the flock. The shepard loved her the most. He made her his personal pet. She started following him everywhere he went.
Gia had an infant daughter. The baby would wake up every night wetting herself and the bed. Gia realized the diapers were leaking. Gia decided to change the diapers she was using. The diapers stopped leaking.
A friend and myself decided to go bird watching. I picked him up and we drove to a local park. We each had brought binoculars to watch the birds. After a few hours, we still had not seen any exciting birds. However, we both enjoyed the time we spent with each other.
Tina went to the park with her friends. They had heard on the weather channel that it might rain. She and her friends didn't care. It started to rain really hard. Tina and her friends regretted going to the park that day.
Joey had wanted to learn to knit her whole life. However, she feared that she would never knit as well as her mother. Finally she decided to try to knit a scarf. The scarf came out beautifully and everyone was proud. Joey was so glad she had taken a risk and knit the scarf.
Two weeks ago my sister in law called up. She was watching her ten and seven year old grandchildren. They were misbehaving, and getting restless. She brought them down to our apartment for distraction. After watching tv for an hour, she took them home to their mother.
My friend challenged me to golf. We were tied until the last hole. Both of us had two shorts. I ended up getting a birdie on the last shot. He lost since he ended up with a bogey.
Little Johnny's family moved to a new town. Johnny felt nervous about meeting the other kids in the neighborhood. Johnny was playing outside when a few kids approached him. The kids asked Johnny if he wanted to be part of their club. Johnny has been friends with those kids ever since!
I had to take a math exam today. Since I had been studying for a week, I felt nothing could go wrong. Just before the exam started, I realized I had not brought my pencil. I frantically asked everyone around me for a pencil. Fortunately, a friend lent me his pencil.
Brad was taking a test. His pencil broke in half. Brad started to cry. His teacher said not to worry. She gave him a pencil to finish the test.
Halloween is my favorite holiday! I always start decorating for it at the end of September. I have three big boxes of decorations and always buy more every year. I put ghosts and witches in my yard and pumpkins and spiders inside. The best part is sitting outside to pass out trick-or-treat candy.
Linus wanted to get better in school so he could graduate. He always had problems paying attention but didn't get help. He decided he would talk to the behavior specialist at his school. After talking to his specialist he learned how to be a better student. He graduated from school finally and his parents were very proud.
Beth was returning to school after being sick for a week. She felt better was was still nervous. People were whispering as she walked into her first class. Beth was concerned thinking she looked horrible and sick. Afterwards one girl told Beth she lost 10 pounds, and looked great.
I was about to drive back to school. A flock of birds came and pooped all over my car. I was going to use the hose to wash it off. But the water might have frozen. So I cleaned the windshield with a paper towel.
Smith once had a very big coil. He owned the coil for over 20 years. One day, he was unable to find it. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Finally, he found it in his room.
Sara wanted to buy a book. Sara did not have the money for the book. She decided to mow the lawn for her parents to earn money. She mowed the lawn three times before she had earned enough. Once she had the money, she bought the book.
We all went to the race together. We cheered as our friend was up. He squealed his tires and burned rubber. He won the race. We took him out to celebrate afterwards.
There were crumbs on the floor. My wife picked up a broom. She swept them into the dustpan. She put the crumbs in the trash. The floor was clean again.
My favorite baseball player of all time is Chase Utley. My friends joke that I'm like Mac from Always Sunny in Philadelphia. One time, after a Phillies game the players were signing autographs. I managed to sneak down and get a picture with Chase Utley. It was amazing, I still have it framed on my wall.
As my family got ready for an eventful night out to the circus. I rushed them into the car, as I didn't want to be late. The journey began and we all start getting giddy as we got closer. I pulled into the parking lot, and noticed the draping tent. I turned to my kids, and with a huge smile, told them we're here!
We went to an amusement park in 1992. My son was too small to ride a roller coaster. We found an old car sitting on the ground. We sat in it and raised our hands. My son posted the photo on FB 24 years later.
Brett was working in New York temporarily. He was a New Zealander working as a musician. After one gig, the owner of the club asked for his visa. Brett said he didn't have one, and he was here illegally. The owner called the cops, and Brett was deported.
Carrie turned four yesterday. She wanted a pony for her birthday. Carrie was allergic to horses. Her father dressed up as a horse for Carrie birthday. She rode along on her father's back happily during the party.
The girls were assembling a bookshelf. They read the instructions carefully. They put each piece together as they were supposed to. It came together quickly. Soon, the bookshelf was finished!
Gia had put her daughter down for a nap. Gia went into the living room and began to do housework. Gia heard a noise coming from her bathroom. She ran to see what the noise was. Her daughter was in the bathroom playing in Gia's makeup.
Ethan and Sophia were expecting a baby. They went to the doctor for an ultrasound. They went into the exam room with the doctor. The doctor gave Sophia and ultrasound and saw twins. Ethan and Sophia were very excited.
Owen ordered a jacket online. The jacket finally came in by the mail. There was a rip in the jacket. Owen sent the jacket back to the company. The company sent Owen a replacement jacket and a credit.
I do not get to Chinatown much as I am disabled. I miss roast pork buns. Today my son took a bike ride to Chinatown. He asked me if i wanted something. I asked for roast pork buns.
Sarah awoke one cold night to a strange noise coming from her window. She got out of bed to go see what it was. As she was walking to the window she saw a small shadow. She opened the curtain and was happily surprised. It was a tiny kitten scratching to get in from the cold.
A tailor went to a mercer to purchase some cloth. The mercer tried to cheat the tailor. He measured out the cloth with a shortened ell stick. What the mercer did not realize was that the tailor was Flemish. Flemish ells are shorter, so the tailor got a fair price anyway.
Charlotte was at work. She had done laundry earlier in the day. When she did the laundry, she didn't notice a sock stuck to her pants. A sock fell out of her pants as she walked. Charlotte's co-workers laughed at her.
Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time. The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her. She pulled out a bag hidden under a counter. Amy asked why it was hidden. The co-worker told her she hides things till they are on sale.
The Henry's visited Paris. The Eiffel Tower lights went off. People began to complain. The Henry's were disappointed. They trudged their way back home.
James had never flown in a plane. He was very nervous about flying. A friend suggested that James sit by the window to enjoy the view. James was reluctant, but sat near the window. He relaxed as he watched the beautiful clouds and water.
Bob's friend wanted to comment on some of the house images he had. He used a program to highlight places on the images. When he was done he sent them back to Bob. Bob was somewhat amused by his friend's snarky comments. He was less amused at all the things his friend had found wrong.
I decided one day that I needed a car. So I took the bus to the dealership. While there I was approached by a salesman. He made me an offer I couldn't refuse. So I drove away in a new car.
Gina had fallen in the sand when tripped by a bully. She wanted to go to the bathroom and cry alone. She heard voices in the bathroom when she reached the door. She debated going to a different bathroom. But she knew she couldn't hold the tears back that long.
Amy was watching her team from the bench. She was impressed by her team, but she really wanted to play. At halftime she was sure she would be chosen to play. But the game began and she was on the bench again. Amy no longer cared to hide her disappointment.
Jelly loved sleepovers. So she decided to have one. She got all her friends together. When they got there they put music on. They had a party.
Penny was five Year's old and loved to play video games. She mostly played on her iPad whenever her parents let her. One day, her mother let her play the iPad after school. Penny was walking through the kitchen and dropped the iPad. The screen cracked and she was unable to play for a month.
Roy was afraid of the dentist. He tried to be a big boy. He went to the appointment without protesting. To his surprise, the dentist was very nice! She calmed all of Roy's fears!
Rachel decided to go horseback riding. She picked out the biggest horse at the stable. She climbed on it and settled in. The horse was great on the trail. Rachel had a great time!
Selena went grocery shopping. When she left the store, she realized she hadn't paid for the garlic. She went back inside and stood in line. When it was her turn, she explained the mistake. She paid the difference and felt good about herself for not stealing.
Jane's sorority were looking forward to white water rafting. They had planned the rafting trip for months. They made sure that everyone that was going were a strong swimmer. They even had signed waivers in the event of an accident. The exciting rafting experience went off without a hitch.
Ian got cable internet. But he did not want to pay to have it set up. For hours, he struggled putting everything together. But by night time, it didn't work. Ian regret not spending the extra money to have someone set it up.
Jim was sledding with his friend Anthony. Anthony dared him to go down the big hill. Jim took up the dare and as he was going he fell out of the sled. Jim rolled a few times as the unmanned sled flew into the river. Jim was ok, and the two of them went home for the day.
Barry couldn't figure out where his one cat was. They had just painted their living room and a vent cover was off. He thought he heard noises from the ducts but he didn't see anything. He put the cover back on and started to walk away. He then heard more noises and realized that the cat was in there.
Mike's dog had fleas. The dog lived in the house with Mike. Mike had bite marks on his legs. Mike realized he had gotten bitten by fleas. He had to treat his dog for fleas.
The family was weathering a thunderstorm. The children voiced their fright. The parents decided to distract the kids with a mock camping trip. They put up a tent and made s'mores inside the house. The kids had a good time up until the storm ended.
Anna was on the basketball team. One day she was at practice and jumped up for the ball. As she jumped she landed on her ankle too hard. Anna was in pain and had to go to the ER. She had fractured her bone.
Kara had forgotten to go grocery shopping. She realized she had nothing to give her son Rodney for lunch. She looked around for a good makeshift lunch. Then she found a great solution. She sent Rodney to school with peanut buttered celery sticks!
Miller had been looking to buy expensive earbuds for many months now. He was saving money but the issue was he did not have a lot of money. One day, he found a job and was able to earn a lot of money. He purchased a lot of things he desired in life. Miller was able to live happily ever after.
Alicia was outside watering flowers. Alicia accidentally broke a flower pot while watering. Inside the flower pot was a bees nest. Alicia had gotten stung by a bee. Alicia was in a lot of pain after getting stung by the bee.
Reginald is commuting into the city. Reginald has been frustrated by the heavy traffic recently. A friend tells Reginald that he should try the train. Reginald gives the train a try and really likes it. Reginald finds that he is much more relaxed by using the train.
Maria wanted to be Wonderwoman for Halloween. She went to five costume shops looking for the costume. All of the shops were sold out. Maria decided to make her own Wonder Woman costume. The costume was very bad.
Kate got a new position at work. But the person who sat at the desk near her was rude. He would laugh at people and say horrible things. Kate decided she would just avoid him. But that was difficult to do when he sat so close to her.
Arnold was scared of tigers. He was petrified of them. One day he went to the zoo. A tiger almost attacked him. Arnold ended up despising tigers even more.
Alice was upset about a new rule at school. She decided to petition for a change. First, she rallied her friends around the idea. Then, they created the petition and passed it around. Soon, they had enough signatures to convince the school to change.
Kevin had been growing his hair out for six months. It was getting so long and flowy. He went to the salon to get a trim. The stylist cut it so poorly Kevin looked like he fought a lawn mower. Kevin had no other choice but to buy a wig.
A couple sat in the park. They looked into the sky. They talked about what the shapes were like. One said they saw a dragon. They got up to go home later.
Liz wanted to be more worldly. She decided to learn a new language. She did it online mostly. It was good enough for people to understand. Liz keeps working to make it better.
Danielle had fun things in her room. She stored her toys in a treasure chest. Her friends all loved to play with it. They pretended they were pirates. Danielle's room was known to be a fun place.
Sarah was interested in moving to Europe when she graduated. Her mom supported the idea. Sarah meet a cute guy online who lived in Belgium. He invited her to come live with him. Sarah moved to Belgium and fell in love with the culture.
There was a mean teacher in school named mister Edward. He was always grumpy and didn't seem to like kids. We always wondered why he was a teacher if he didn't like it. So we finally asked him last Friday. He said he doesn't know why and wishes he did something else.
Tim was playing with his baseball outside. One eager throw broke a neighbor's window! Ashamed, Tim ran inside to tell his mom. His mom made him go and apologize to the neighbor. Luckily, the neighbor didn't ask Tim to pay for the window.
Marshall decided to start a blog. He purchased a web site. He designed a format for his writing and photos. Marshall uploaded his stories and images. His website became a huge success!
I wanted to visit France. Specifically, I was interested in getting authentic French food. I took a trip to Paris. I found the food was not to my liking. I actually preferred the Americanized French food back home.
Ben took the swap out of his mouth. He put it in an envelope and mailed it. He received a letter back a week later. It told him his ethnicity. He was 20% european, 70% african, and 10% asian.
Tom was tired from work. He figured he would take a short afternoon nap. Tom woke up thinking it was much later. It had actually only been a few minutes. Tom decided to nap a bit longer.
All of my brothers decided to play a prank on me today. They caught a bunch of bugs and hid them in my shoe. When I put on my shoes, I stepped in all of the bugs. I was so scared that I flung my shoe across the room. I was mad at my brothers, but we were able to laugh about it after.
Syd had an eleven o'clock curfew on school nights. He finished his homework, then went out with his friends. While he was out, he lost track of time. It was after eleven, and he had missed his curfew. Syd snuck quietly into the house, and luckily his parents were asleep.
In 2012 I was all scheduled and set to have a major surgery. It was the worst time ever to get a dog. I didn't anticipate falling in love with a little white dog. A random stop at the humane society changed my life forever. I brought that little white dog home and she helped me heal.
Sam had just moved to a new house. He wanted to use his guitar. He took it out of the box that it had been moved in. Then, he realized that the bridge was broken. He had to buy new parts before he could play.
Fred was poor. It was really cold out and he had no shelter. He went to a restaurant. They felt pity on him. They let him stay for the night.
Two guy friends wanted to explore a nearby haunted tunnel. They thought that they could conquer anything they encountered. Upon entering, they heard bangs and footsteps. As they went further in, they heard strange ghastly voices and screams They ran out at full speed, and didn't stick around for more scares!
James was meeting a date at the coffee shop. It was half an hour past their meeting time. James thought for sure he had been stood up. He suddenly got a phone call. His date called to say her car had a flat and she was on her way.
There was a concert with a band I knew. It was in a parking lot of a hotel. There was a noise complaint. They played one more song. Then they had to shut it down.
Jewel was dressing up for dinner. She'd bought a new dress just for the occasion. Jewel was excited to eat a nice dinner with her husband. When she was all dressed, she curled her hair. She felt very fancy!
Anna was playing in the park. Suddenly she was stung by a bee! Her mom hurried to remove the stinger and apply ice. Luckily, Anna was not allergic, so she had no swelling. Soon her pain was all but gone!
Juan walked through the school doors. It was his first day at a new school. He walked to his locker. He noticed that a cute boy was his locker neighbor. Juan was excited about his new school.
Ashton was at girl's summer camp. She and her friends were playing cards in the cabin. Suddenly, they noticed a gigantic bug on the ceiling. The girls ran screaming out of the cabin. A counselor had to come and catch the bug.
He wanted to stop smoking. I was behind him completely. When he stopped, it was really strange. It looked like a part of him was missing. Smoking just seemed to be a definition of who he was.
Tanya has been practicing on her violin. She's still new to playing. Her older brother plays violin. Tanya wants to play just as well as he does. Tanya continues to practice diligently.
Chris lost his dog two months ago to cancer. He explained to his wife how much he misses his old dog. She told him that this would be his last dog. After hearing that Chris went to the local dog shelter. He found a mix breed lab that he fell in love with and brought home.
Sylvia was blowing out her birthday candles. Her hair was dangling down onto the cake. There, her hair was catching on fire thanks to the candles. Sylvia screeched and poured water on her head. Luckily, her hair was only damaged a bit.
Rachel saw the wind blowing the trees today. Rachel decided that today would be a great day to fly a kite. She dug out her kite from her summer storage boxes. Rachel took her kite to the park. Rachel flew her kite all afternoon until it got too dark.
Ronnie was the school bully. He would force kids to play bloody knuckles against him. He never lost. He challenged the nerdy boy named Jared thinking it'd be one hit. He missed Jared's fist and hit the wall behind him, breaking his hand.
Tim ordered Chinese food. That same night he felt sick to his stomach. He threw up and had diarrhea. The next day he got checked up. A doctor told him he had minor food poisoning.
Kit loves taking care of her plants. One day she noticed a spider-mite infestation. Kit did not know what to do. Kit talked to an expert for help. Kit used a special spray to get rid of the infestation.
My mom and I drove out to Baltimore for college auditions in 2003. There was a bad snowstorm the day we left. We had only been driving about 2 hours when we were in an accident. My mom was driving and slid off the road, hitting a light pole. We had to wait several hours to be pulled out of the snow.
Hera's family was poor and did not have much money for food. Hera often did not eat breakfast on the way to school. She approached the principal one day about providing free breakfast. The principal listened and the next school year, breakfast was free. Hera was happy to have helped her situation and others.
William had a final exam on Friday. He realized he was extremely behind. Will spent all week reading 3 chapters a day. Will went to class on Friday tired but confident. Will squealed in excitement as he looked at the 'A' on his exam.
Payton and his friends went out to breakfast on Saturdays. One Saturday, Payton forgot his wallet at the restaurant. He looked everywhere but couldn't find it. He started to cry right in the restaurant. Finally his friends gave him his wallet, as they were playing a trick.
I went to visit my grandparents. They took me to church. My granddad showed me a tract. I prayed to the Lord. And I got saved.
Sam's driving down the road when he sees red and blue lights flashing. A police officer gives him a ticket for going to 2MPH over the limit. Sam is outraged by the ticket. So he contests it in court. The judge dismisses the ticket and scolds the officer.
Amy, Lynn, and Kim had been talking to boys at the park. Ben had kissed Amy. Lynn and Kim saw, and stood with their mouths open. Amy reminded them it was almost 3 AM and they needed to get home. The girls ran down the block giggling the whole way.
Jake was acting rude at the bar. Everyone around him was annoyed. He finally pushed someone over the top. She wound up hitting him. Jake was upset and left the bar.
I had a lot of room taken up on my dvr. I had to delete some recordings. I had 12 hours of Law and Order episodes. I decided to delete them as I had watched them before. I could record them again as the show is always on.
Bob was too stressed to pay attention any more. He decided he needed pancakes. He got all the ingredients together and made some from scratch. Bob decided they were so delicious he needed more. He made a second batch and ate those as well.
Bob was shooting basketballs in his driveway. He raised a foot off the ground and took a shot. The ball went in. He repeated the foot technique and it went in again. He was able to get 11 baskets in a row doing this.
Around and around it went. The roulette wheel seemed to spin forever. The man looked on nervously. The ball finally rolled to a stop. It landed on black, he won.
Tom was driving at night when he saw something in the air. It was a bright light that shot across. It got brighter and then disappeared. Tom looked up what it was online. It turned out to be a close shooting star.
Adam loves to dance. He entered a dance competition to win a grand prize. He went on stage and did his best dance routine. Adam was nervous waiting to hear his results for his routine. The results were in, and Adam has won the grand prize!
Janet arrived at her friend's house. Many people were wondering why she's wearing a costume. Janet began to feel awkward after staring at everyone. She eventually found out that this was not a Halloween party. However, her friend forced her to stay.
I have a remote control cat named Fluffy. I gave her the name as a source of irony. I recieved her in 2005 as a gift from my son, who is autistic. He was overjoyed to finally purchase something for someone else. It made him feel like a big boy, and made me feel very happy as a mom.
Oliver was taking pictures of his family at the beach. When they got back into the car, Oliver went to look at the pictures. Oliver accidentally erased the photos. Oliver couldn't get the pictures back. His family had to get out and take the picture again.
Steve's air conditioning has been broken for awhile now. He wasn't sure if he should get it fixed or not, since it's been cool. He asked me and other friends if there was a cheap way to fix it. None of us really knew but we helped him look around anyway. He ended up getting it fixed a few days later with our help!
Beth learned to read in first grade. She loved reading so much that her parents got her a library card. Beth took many books out of the library and read frequently. She decided her favorite genre of books was mystery. Beth convinced all her friends to join her in reading mystery books.
I live on a farm out in the country with several acres of land. I often go jogging around the property to survey it. Today I found a cave on my property, which was exciting. What was less exciting was falling down the 10 foot drop. Luckily, I didn't break anything.
We stayed up all night listening to music. We watched A Hard Day's Night together. Then we listened to Beatles songs the rest of the evening. We had the songs stuck in our heads when we went to bed. We laid there laughing about how we couldn't stop singing them.
Alicia was marrying Tom today. She was excited to be his wife. But all of the sudden someone came rushing in the door. It was her ex boyfriend. He begged her not to marry him.
Jackson loved sweet tea. However, he could never make it right. One day he tried to follow his mom's recipe. He let the tea steep and added the sugar. It finally turned out perfectly.
One of my students once turned in a paper. This paper seemed very familiar as I read it. I went to my computer and used a search function. I found the same paper, as written by the student's wife. This student was then given an F grade and reported for plagiarism.
Last night I was chatting with Chandler on instant messenger. I hadn't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner. I went over and lucked out, he was making ribs! We had a great night over dinner hanging out. I went home that night with a full belly and heart.
Jen was out with her friends for lunch. Jen wasn't really hungry. She ordered a burger anyway. Jen only at a couple bites of the burger. She brought the rest of her food home to eat later.
Neil was scuba diving in the Maldives. The sun began to set. Suddenly the water began to glow blue! His guide explained the bioluminescent life to him. Neil loved learning about dinoflagellates!
Betty wanted to lose weight. She tried dieting, but that failed. She was unable to give up her favorite sweets . Then she had a better idea! She began walking an hour a day and lost 25 pounds quickly.
I was waiting for a piano student and her dad to arrive. It wasn't like her to be late and I wondered aloud where they were. My son yelled that they were sitting in their car in the driveway. I went into his bedroom and we both looked through his window. A mountain lion was upright leaning against the passenger side door.
Tom grew his hair out. He worked at a machine shop. One day his hair got stuck in a machine. Tom wasn't hurt but freaked out. He cut his hair short that night.
Cal had a cat named Kip who was always cold. Whenever he sat down Kip would jump into his lap. Cal loved Kip but he didn't love being his perpetual lap. He decided to buy Kip a heated bed for him to sleep in. Kip loved the bed and spent less time in Cal's lap.
Tom signed up for a free online trial. He had to give over his credit card information. Tom forgot about the trial after a while. He was soon charged on his card for it. Tom cancelled it immediately after.
Tom was in high school. Tom did not like working for anything. Tom was not looking forward to the SAT test. Tom paid a smart student to take the test for him. Tom was happy with the grade he received.
I bought a hat that had the logo of my favorite sports team. I wore it everywhere I went. One day it rained and my hat got all wet. When I went to wash it, it sank four sizes. I decided I would simply put it on display on my kitchen table.
Anthony woke up at 7:15 in the morning. He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire. He ran towards the door and realized a shoe was gone. Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes. He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result.
Neil was thirsty. He popped open a can of Coke and took a swig. He felt something hard enter his mouth. He spit it out into his hand to discover a bug. The Coke company sent him three millions dollars not to sue.
Susan had been stressed out from work. She wanted to take some time off. She decided to spent a day sleeping in. Susan felt a lot better the next day. She was much more productive at work.
Samantha wanted to try a new hairstyle. She found her mother's old hair curlers and put them in her hair. Her mother recommended that she leave the curlers in for a long time. Samantha decided she would leave the hair curlers in overnight. The next morning, her hair was very curly from the hair curlers.
Sarah hated the music on. She reached to change the station. She liked the new one. She rolled down her windows. She changed it again.
Caro and her friends swam at the lake all day. But that night on the news, Caro saw an alarming advisory. They said that the lake's bacterial levels were dangerously high! Caro was afraid she or her friends might get sick from their swim! Luckily, though, none of them became ill after swimming.
Sasha loved meeting new people and making friends. She was always really nice to people she had never met before. One day she met someone who never smiled at her. She felt very troubled and sort of hurt at the reaction. She didn't let it get to her and she kept trying anyway.
Jim's daughter knocked on our door to see if we wanted any cookies. I paid Jim for four boxes of cookies. I never got any cookies. I called the police to tell them what Jim was doing. Jim never sold cookies in our neighborhood again.
Stewart enjoyed model rocketry. He started a science fair project on the physics of model rockets. One of his rockets accidentally exploded during a flight. Stewart used physics to explain why his rocket exploded. Stewart won third place in the science fair.
Dan found a bag of marijuana in his teenage son's bedroom. Dan went to his son's school. Dan took his son out of school early. Dan took his son to the park, where they talked at length. Dan felt he really got through to his son, reasoning with him.
A man was reluctant to go see the eye doctor for his bad eyes. His wife made him go when his driving almost caused an accident. The doctor told him he should have came a long time ago. The man hated his glasses until he found a frame he liked. Now he is an advocate for all his friends to get their eyes checked.
Penny lived in an apartment building that didn't have an elevator. She didn't like having to go up the stairs every day. She complained to the landlord. But as he didn't do anything she still had to used the stairs. When she realized she was in good shape, she stopped complaining.
Zach knew he would be rich one day. He told his friends and family this but they didn't believe him. He worked as hard as he could for a whole year, every single day. His friends and family were worried because Zach became very poor. But, he proved them wrong, and made a million dollars that year.
The man went into the kitchen. He looked in the fridge. He couldn't find anything to eat. His wife told him to get out of the fridge. The man was on a diet.
Scott woke up early because he had a long drive ahead of him. The drive passed uneventfully, until he saw the stadium. The sights and the sounds and the smells told him he had arrived! The stadium called and he could not tailgate any longer. As he gave the man his ticket to enter, Scott smiled.
I had a craving for chocolate chip cookies. I baked a huge batch from scratch. I realized I had made too many. I took some to my friends nearby. They really appreciated them.
Don had some new photos. He had them framed. He wanted to hang them on the wall. He measured everything and started hanging it. When he was done, it all looked nice.
Dora bought a new dress for her reunion. It fit tightly in the store a month ago. One the night of the reunion it didn't want to zip up. Dora had gained weight since then. It crushed her emotionally and she stayed home.
In 2014, Marcy adopted a poodle. She named her Cookie, because she resembled an oatmeal cookie. Cookie learned to protect Marcy's two daughters from harm. She went for walks with them every evening, and was allowed to swim. Cookie made the kids very happy that year.
Pete was used to a big bed. When he went off to college, he had a twin bed. He couldn't sleep in such a small space! He tossed and turned every night. He finally bought a king size air mattress for the floor.
Amy met Lynn at the coffee shop. She didn't drink coffee but she liked the fruity dessert drinks. They discussed the fight Amy was having with Kim. Amy agreed to keep Kim out of the fight. The girls were best friends again.
My son was so premature that he had a low apgar score. He was taken to the NICU. He was hooked up to several monitors. His blood was taken several times a day. Eventually he was discharged.
Ethan decided to wake up early on Monday to work on Zoltars. He set his alarm for 6 am, and when he awoke he checked mturk. No Zoltar hits appeared on the site after 30 minutes. Ethan gave up and went back to sleep. Within a minute, Zoltars dropped while Ethan slumbered.
Tod was riding his bike far away from home. But he punctured his tire. He had no tools or pump with him. And he had to call a friend to drive him home. Tod always carried extra supplies on his bike rides from then on.
The garbage collectors came early this morning. The dog was up and scratching at the back door. I let him out. It was too early so I went back to bed. I forgot to let the dog back in.
Ana was working in a kitchen. She went to fry an order of fries. She dropped the fries too hard. The grease splattered. Ana was hit by drops of hot grease.
Brad was jogging through his busy town. He stopped at an intersection and waited to cross the street. When the crossing signal changed, he began to jog again. But a car sped through the intersection and almost hit Brad. Brad was too scared to jog afterwards.
There was a large, old tree in the ditch across the street. The tree was an oak, and sloped downward into the ditch. In the tree was a giant hole, and the kids would crawl into it. We called it our treehouse, and we put a board in front of it. One day some younger kids took over our treehouse.
Jan went to the bookstore. She was looking for a cookbook. One of the clerks helped her find a good cookbook. Jan ended up buying an Asian cuisine cookbook. For dinner, she made sweet and sour chicken.
I was dating a girl. She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me. When I dropped her off at her house, I leaned in for the kiss. She decided to kiss me! Alas, her breath smelled like garlic chutney!
The man asked for real syrup. The waitress brought back some syrup. The man tried it. He explained that he meant real maple syrup. The restaurant didn't have any.
My first best friend would not speak to me when we met. Later I learned that she thought I was too smart. When we finally did talk, we became super close. We maintained two years of tumultuous friendship before distancing. Through that friendship, I learned to be myself no matter what.
Linda lived in Texas. The winter time came and her kids were sad. They really wanted to build snowmen but they had no snow. Linda got creative and had them make mud men. Her children enjoying playing in the mud with their mom.
Mark was driving down the long dusty road to his house. Even at a cruise it would take about an hour. Suddenly, he spotted an injured deer by the side of the road. He stopped and helped the deer. He felt good, even if he was going to be late getting home.
Popular Liz was sure she'd make a great class president. She made posters and campaigned for the position. A shy boy named Dan was running too. Liz heard him say that he never succeeded at anything. Liz made up an excuse and announced she would withdraw from the race.
After winning sleepy bear from the claw machine, we went back for more. My husband said the machines were easy to use. He took some quarters and played a few more times. He won a stuffed pink penguin. Now the penguin and bear sleep at the head of my bed.
Jim wanted to go to a live music venue. He prefers rock music and his wife prefers classical. They played rock, paper and scissor to decide. His wife won. They went to the classical music venue.
Terry went to the dealership. He wanted to buy his first car. He did not know what to choose. His dad came by and chose for him. Terry was pleased.
Gina's friends all had Lisa Frank Trapper Keepers. She was the only one without one. But she found folders and pencils. She bought 5 different pencils and refused to sharpen them. She didn't want to ruin the design, so she didn't use the pencils.
It was Van's first day of college. His parents and brother helped him move in. He brought many things with him from home. After everything was moved in, the family went to dinner together. They talked about the move over pizza.
Cindy was practicing running for her school's competition. But she felt that her shoes were slowing her down. She tried on new shoes that each weighed less than an ounce. Cindy's new shoes helped her run faster than before. And she was able to win the running competition.
Terry was at a gift shop when she saw some necklaces. There was a pair that were for best friends to wear. She decided to buy them. Later, she gave the necklace to her friend. Her friend was touched and they both wore them.
Daniel felt like his front yard was too bare. He decided to plant a tree. At first the tree was very tiny. Now the tree has grown taller than Daniel. With more in his yard, Daniel gets more attention from neighbors.
Bjork rode his bike to work. He brought his bike into his office. His boss saw the bike. His boss informed Bjork that the bike had to go. Bjork rode his bike home.
Kelsey was feeling inspired. She saw a coworker get a huge commission and Kelsey wanted it, too. She worked hard to make a lot of sales. When the quarter ended, Kelsey was the top seller. She felt so proud to reach her goal.
Eric was a cop in New York. One day he went to the park and saw a suspicious parked car. When he investigated he found two adults and one child. The child was wide awake but he was crying and very filthy. When he checked on the parents they were high and overdosing on meth.
Mary and Shelley walked through the local graveyard. It was quiet aside from some birds and the wind. Suddenly, a hand grabbed Mary's shoulder from behind. Mary screamed. Shelley laughed as her prank succeeded.
Jason needed a new cell phone. Jason went online and read cell phone reviews. He decided to get a new iPhone SE. Jason walked to the Apple store. Jason bought his new phone.
Billy was walking at Central Park. He spotted many birds in the grass there. The birds approached him rapidly, so he began to run away. Billy got away from the birds by jumping into a pool at Central Park. Billy ended up very wet from his walk at the park.
Kim cleared the snow from the street in front of her house to park. But the city said she couldn't park on her side of the street. Kim was forced to park across the street. The snow was too deep to get near the curb. Kim angrily shoveled the snow on the other side as well.
I overslept and missed my morning class. I was furious since I had to take a major exam. The teacher gave me two days to retake it. Since I spent extra time to study, I fell behind my other classes. When I finally caught up with my schoolwork, the semester ended.
Tina took her son to his soccer game. She was at first worried if he would be okay. She gave out oranges to the kids. The kids liked them. When her son scored a goal, Tina was jumping for joy.
I arrived at camp three days ago. Within an hour, I had made an enemy. I tried to avoid her, but I would still run into her now and again. On Thursday, we were paired against each other in sword fighting. It was a close call, but I won.
Mario grew Christmas trees in his yard instead of buying them. This year he found a bird in one of his trees as he was cutting it. Mario felt bad for the bird and spared the tree. He then went out to buy a fake tree instead. He is much happier with his choice now.
My parents took me to six flags. I was very excited and didn't know what to expect. I never rode a roller coaster before. The first roller coaster I rode was the Texas Giant. It was a lot of fun and made me fall in love with roller coasters.
My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test. Before we started, she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine. When she put her dollar in, she entered a number in. A Coca-Cola bottle came out. However, another bottle surprisingly came out.
Gary is walking home from work. While walking he notices something on the side of the road. He goes over to look at it. He notices what it is. It is a dead body.
They'd been digging for days, with no results. Suddenly, a young intern shrieked she'd found something! They all rushed over to her, and made surprised gasps. The intern had found a huge dinosaur bone! They agreed to share the credit equally, and published a paper on it.
Ed had a trophy. It was for tennis back in the day. He picked up the trophy to remember the past. But it slipped from his hands. And broke into 3 pieces on the ground.
Cody was pregnant, so her friends decided to give her a baby shower. Cody had so many people come to the shower that she was overwhelmed. They played lots of games and ate lots of food. There were more presents there than anyone had ever seen. The baby shower was very successful!
I went on a gluten free diet last week. It was rather difficult. I decided to then go off it. I ate a loaf of bread. It tasted delicious.
Kevin was doing poorly in his science class. He was very upset with his grades. The teacher told him he would have to work harder. Kevin made sure he did all of his homework and studied for tests. At the end of the semester, Kevin brought his grade up to a B.
The weather called for several inches of snow. Bobby locked up her house and turned up the heat. She watched as it got dark outside. Soon the wind and snow was raging! The snowstorm was severe and intimidating.
Andy recently attended a ugly sweater contest. Andy could not wait to see the different sweaters that were present. Andy saw sweaters of different color, shapes, and sizes. However, one sweater that was made from hair weave stood out to Andy. Andy was convinced that the weave sweater was going to win the prize.
Emily had gotten a new dog. The dog ran out of the front yard. Emily was scared of losing the dog. She ran after it. Emily started letting the dog out on a leash.
Adriana opened up a lunch cafe. She was so excited on opening day when hundreds of people lined up. It only took her a few customers to realize the people were homeless. That is when she realized that she did something wrong. She should have never named her restaurant The Soup Kitchen.
Brian was challenging Tim to checkers. Each of them had one piece left. Brian was hesitant to move his piece anywhere. The game went on for several minutes. In the end, Tim ended up eliminating Brian's piece.
Jules's tree was growing too large. Jules was worried the tree might damage his home. He decided to trim the branches of the tree. Jules spent all weekend trimming the tree. Exhausted, he decided to call a professional next time.
He put the bourbon on the shelf. The bottle was set so it slid as he put it down. The shelf was at an angle so it slid some more. The bottle came to the edge and fell off. The man dove to save his bottle.
Elise wanted to redo her kitchen. She selected the perfect kitchen chairs. She assembled them when they were delivered. She stepped back to admire her selection. Elise smiled when she saw the changes in her kitchen.
Jo was selected to appear on a TV game show. She travelled to Hollywood to appear on the show. Jo played the game but soon found herself losing badly. After the final round, Jo came in last place. Jo was upset she lost, but the experience was very fun and memorable.
Tim bought a new deodorant. He tried it out when he went to a bar. Within minutes he was sweating and smelling bad. The new deodorant didn't work at all. Tim never bought that kind again.
Milena wanted to ask Ford to the prom. She decided to learn a song on guitar. She brought her acoustic guitar to school. She put Ford's name into a song by The Cars. Ford was already going with Delanie and had to decline.
Tony always thought that he made the best tomato sauce. Tony would use store-bought tomato paste in his sauce. He often tried to sell people his sauce, but everyone hated it. Tony took the hint and started using fresh ingredients. Now, everybody in town wants gallons of Tony's sauce!
When i was in college i had a lot of friends. I thought they're all true friends until one day i realized something. I had a family problem and i'm so confused and don't know what to do. Some of my friends comforted me and some ignored me. Until i found out who's going to stand by me and who will leave me.
Joey liked to collect beetles. One day for show and tell he brought his ladybug collection. All of the children loved it and many asked to hold it. As Suzy held the glass jar, she lost grip and it shattered. Ladybugs were released everywhere and show and tell was banned.
LaMar always wanted to be a movie star. He graduated high school at the top of his class. Then, he moved to Los Angeles to audition for movies. One casting director thought he was amazing! LaMar's dream of becoming a star is finally coming true.
Louis heaved the garbage bag down the driveway. A foul smell reached his nostrils. Putrid juices sloshed around the bottom of the bag. As Louis opened the garbage bin, flies flew out. Louis remembered why he hated taking out the trash.
Last weekend I went swimming at the lake. When I was swimming I noticed something shiny at the bottom. I dove down to investigate. The object was a silver metal box. I opened the box and it was empty.
John is an artist. He is taking painting classes. Yesterday he painted an apple. His teacher told him the painting was terrible. John was very sad.
It was a hot day at Tim's house. The air conditioner broke. Tim was very hot. He had an idea. He decided to cool off at the beach.
Lara went hiking in a hill in Arizona. Her right hand brushed a jumping cactus. Her dad removed over 300 needles from her hand. She looked forward to showing the inflamed hand to friends. She was sad the hand looked normal the next day.
On Oliver's birthday, he started the day with a big breakfast. After that, he went to the park and played for awhile. When he got home, he opened a few presents from family. Then, his parents ordered some pizza. They ate dinner and had a cake afterwards.
Terry's grandparent was very sick in the hospital. Terry stayed by his side helping him in anyway he could. Terry prayed day and night that his grandparent would get better. A few days later Terry knew it was time for his grandpa to pass on. Holding his hand he watched his Grandpa's eyes close for the last time.
The man took a long lunch. A co-worker told his boss. The boss reprimanded the man. The man knew who had told on him. The man got even.
Bill's house was dirty. HIs mother said he had to clean it. She offered him a reward. Bill cleaned the house and wondered what the reward was. When he was done his mother gave him a high five.
My brother saved up all month to buy a new video game. When he finally got it, it didn't work. He had to call the company to complain. Luckily, they sent him a brand new copy. It worked out just fine.
Meredith decided to go to the beach. She packed her surfboard. When she got to the beach, she saw that the waves were very large. Meredith wanted to surf but decided that it was not safe. Meredith loved surfing, but she always put safety first.
Jeff's son worked for him on his farm. His son was leaning over a fence to feed the hogs. Jeff's son fell from the fence into the hog cage. He cracked two ribs. Jeff had to bring his son to the hospital.
When I was little, I loved jigsaw puzzles. One day, I got a massive 10,000 piece puzzle to work on. I started it, and that was all I did for the day. It took me a few days, but eventually I put the tiny pieces all in it. I felt very proud of myself once completed.
The Hughes family decided Thursday would become family game night. They gathered all their board games and decided to start this week. Thursday came and the adults and children were all very excited. They played Life, Sorry, Candyland and Yahtzee. They all had a lot of fun and couldn't wait until next Thursday.
I went to the garage to grab a drink from the fridge. When I turned on the light, I saw a mouse run across the floor. I jumped and screamed with fright. When I jumped I hit my head on a light above. My head was bleeding and I went inside without my drink.
Joe read the weather forecast in the paper. A big snowstorm was headed his way on the weekend. Joe was unprepared to be snowed in. He decided to try to outrun it. He left and drove to visit relatives before the storm hit.
Amy sat in the house all day Saturday reading books. Her mother wanted her to get outside and enjoy the weather. Sunday came and her mother forced her to go outside. Amy sat on the porch sulking. Finally her mother allowed her to sit outside and read.
Tom attended a lecture on quantum physics. Tom was blown away by the stunning complexity of our world. Tom began studying these matters on his own. Tom began a book club to generate discussion about science. Now, Tom is the internet's top science blogger!
Marianne didn't want to go to the concert. But when her friend Roxie called, she didn't say no. She prepped herself as if she really wanted to go. And when Roxie picked her up she even smiled. At the concert, she was bored, but happy for her friend.
Amy's kitchen was infested with fruit flies. She tried swatting them away, but there were too many. She asked her brother for advice to get rid of the flies. He suggested vinegar or sweet wine. Amy poured herself a large glass of Sherry and forgot about the flies.
Kenny liked visiting his grandfather. His grandfather announced that he was moving to Florida. Kenny was sad because he didn't want his grandfather to go. He talked to his mother about also moving to Florida. The whole family moved to Florida.
I was really looking forward to starting my new job. It's in the the same field as my degree. When I got there on my first day, the boss totally ignored me. He wasn't briefed by the admins about my start. Thankfully, he was quite nice in the end.
Randy is very hungry. He is looking through the paper. He finds an ad for a new pizza place. Randy calls them up and orders a pizza. The pizza comes and Randy enjoys his pizza.
My friend got a good work contract. He said he's getting about $30,000. So, he took me out for a celebratory drink. We had a good chat. Now he's looking forward to an easy season.
It was Christmas. Judy's family were all coming to her house for the holidays. Her grandma arrived that morning. She had a fun surprise for Judy. Her socks had a crazy Christmas theme.
Tommy has been unemployed for two Year's. He has been looking for work but hasn't yet found anything. One day Tommy sees a babysitter job advertised in the newspaper. He applies and is given the job. Tommy feels so happy that he is no longer unemployed.
Joe and Rafael wanted to see who can cook better wings. So they agreed that on Saturday that they would have a cook off. Joe and Rafael's family where the judges. They cooked their wings. The family agreed that Joe's wings were better.
Yesterday I took my dog to the park. I threw a ball to my dog and another dog grabbed it. The dogs started fighting over the ball. The other dog's owner and I ran over to break up the fight. After we separated our dogs, we started talking and we became friends.
Ximena had two pet cats who loved her very much. Each night both cats would lie on her and purr. Ximena found the purring to be both annoying and charming. She spent a night away from home and found she missed the purring. She appreciated the purring more when she got home.
I decided to return to the birthplace of my ancestors. I bought a plane ticket to El Salvador. I got on the plane and waited until we arrived. I found it was a complex and beautiful country. I returned home satisfied.
We went to a Chinese restaurant last Wednesday. The people next to us were ordering. A Caucasian man wanted to have his entree with Chinese broccoli. The waitress was amused and only too glad to give him this vegetable. I myself thought the man sounded rude and boorish.
Ben was out walking on a sunny day. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw something sparkle. He walked over and found a gold coin half-buried in the ground. He stared at the coin in disbelief for a few minutes. With the coin, Ben was able to pay off his debts.
Sally loved the ocean. She used to swim and ride the waves every time she went to the beach. Then one day the waves were too big for Sally to handle. She got trapped under a crashing wave and almost drowned. Now, unfortunately, Sally is too afraid to go swimming in the ocean.
Barbara had a great dinner party planned for seven guests. The day of the party, her stove stopped working. She found out the repairs would take several days. She ordered in a gourmet dinner and made it seem like she cooked it. No one knew the difference and dinner was delicious.
Jack was extremely afraid of heights. His friends and family tried to help and took him skydiving. It was difficult but he finally jumped out of the plane. As he fell all the fear left his body and he became calm. Now Jack often bungee jumps and rock climbs to great heights.
Kelley went to the mall yesterday. She got nails done. She got to pick a new design. Kelley was happy about it. She wanted to use this all the time.
Dan's daughter was having picture day at her school today. However, Dan was not sure what to dress her in. Dan decided he would let his daughter choose. Dan's daughter choose her favorite Peppa Pig pajamas. Dan regretted the decision to let his daughter choose her outfit.
Jason has always dreamed of having a quarter from each state. He begins with quarters from 30 states. Gradually he collects more and more quarters. Finally he has quarters from all 50 states. Jason is so happy he has accomplished his dream.
Sam was listening to music on his iPod. His cat suddenly started to play with his headphones. His cat cut his headphones with a single swipe. Sam took his broken headphones to the electronics store. He was able to get his headphones fixed very cheaply.
The man put on the ring. It was hard to get on. He wanted to get it back off. It would not come off. He had to grease his finger to get it off.
Erica was playing with her friend Emily. They were playing hide and seek. Emily hid in a tree. Erica looked for her for hours. Erica finally gave up looking up for her.
Jim was a performer. He juggled colorful sticks. He did it during the day. He got scared when his boss switched him to night shift. However when the time came he did fine.
Fred was a competitive diver. He loved diving his entire life. One day however he dived in the pool but hit his head. He then suffered a concussion. Fred could never dive again.
Roger was the lookout for a bank heist. He would radio in when he spotted trouble. Using his keen eyesight and awareness he made the perfect scout. He saw trouble and signaled the others to finish up. Thanks to Roger, they got away.
James packed sandwiches, salads, and desserts to take on a picnic. He met his wife and kids at the park and set out a blanket. Everyone sat down to eat the food. They told stories, talked, and laughed as they ate. They then cleaned up trash, folded up the blanket, and went home.
Me and my friends would go to the beach every summer as teens. We would usually meet guys there. These guys would try to get to know us. However we never had any interest in them. We would always try to find ways to leave.
The family was going camping. They picked out the perfect camp site. It had a fire pit and a lot of big trees. They set up their tent and got started on the fire. They settled in for a relaxing night.
My friend caught his son jerking off and decided to have the talk. He's mildly religious, so his talk was not to do it God hates it. His son said God made his hand too perfect for his knob not to do it. My religious friend was dumbfounded and didn't know what to say. Everybody at the office is talking about it and laughing.
Miles took out all his Christmas decorations in late November. He tested all the light strands for duds and 5 were bad. He began to fix each strand by swapping out bulbs. The first strand took him 3 hours to fix completely. Miles looked at the other four and decided to give up.
The deer stared at Bob, not moving. Bob stared back at the deer, also not moving. Neither blinked, neither stirred. Finally, the deer decided it had enough. It bent down for a mouthful of grass as Bob, still silent, watched.
A man in a hoodie walked into the convenience store. He grabbed a soda and took it to the counter. The cashier told him the price for the drink. However, he pulled up a bat once the man reached for his wallet. The cashier apologized and accepted the wallet.
I was studying in architecture school. For my semester project I had to design a bridge. I spent two weeks working on the design. My professor said it was the best design in the class! I realized I had a bright future as an innovative architect.
Bill went into his office. The office was very active. The Vice President was making an unexpected visit. Bill was pleased that his work was in good order. Bill had a nice visit with the Vice President.
Susie was supposed to go to the vineyard. She had a six o'clock ferry ride ticket. It was six thirty. But her ferry still was not there. She ended up not getting there until nine at night.
Susan wanted to be a published author. She wrote a story. She mailed it to a publisher with a query letter. She waited. They rejected her.
Delaney and her sister were adopted when they were little. Their mother was very loving and doting. Delaney's mom developed cancer when Delaney was in high school. She fought hard, but couldn't beat the cancer. Her mother died and left them with her dad to raise.
Beth was sad that Jake didn't agree to go to a dance with her. Later that day Jake approached her and apologized. He hadn't meant to laugh at her. He agreed to go to the dance with her. Beth excitedly called her friend Amy to tell her the good news.
Ben's mom was on her way out of the house. She left him with a list of chores to complete that day. Ben put off the list all day until time was almost out. Quickly he rushed to finish the list of chores. Luckily he got everything done just in time for her return.
Nick was trying to buy a house. He lived with a roommate that he couldn't trust. His stuff always ended up missing from his bedroom. He knew it had to be Nick so he decided he would move out. He found a place and moved out as fast as he could.
I was very much ready to fall asleep last night. But I had so many things I had to do. So I therefore decided it would be better to drink Coffee. I then felt so much better. I needed that burst of energy.
John found out his mail was stolen. He called the post office for help. They told him to file a claim. They also told him to ask neighbors if they had the package. They never found his package or the person who stole it.
Dad was worried about how he would pay the bills. Dad lost his job a month ago, and can't find new work. This is the first time the bills need to be paid since he lost his job Dad isn't sure how the bills are going to get paid. Dad thinks the power might get shut off.
The man was running. A coach at the school saw him. The coach asked the man to help with track. The man agreed to help coach the program. The track team improved.
Alicia had been traveling for many months. She could not wait to get home. Finally when she got home it felt good. Alicia appreciated it very much. She could not wait to simply relax.
Mary went to the laundry room to wash clothes. The bleach bottle was on the washer with no cap on it. As she asked her kids about the cap, only Kim looked guilty. When questioned Kim swore she hadn't seen the cap. As the kids left the room Mary swore she heard Kim chuckle.
Jess was on a long trip across the country. She had just boarded her flight when her stomach growled. She realized she hadn't eaten in several hours. The fight ahead of her was five hours with no food. By the end of it she was absolutely starving.
Mary missed her marketing class because she overslept. She was supposed to take a major exam that day. Mary told the professor that she had been ill. The professor asked Mary to provide a note from her doctor. When Mary couldn't provide a doctor's note, she failed the exam.
Tom and Nancy had been engaged for a year. Their big day had arrived. All of their planning failed, however. A tornado blew through town as the ceremony started. The reception was cancelled.
It was Jessica's first day of college. She got her schedule and a map. At each class, she found a great seat near the front. She met a couple cool people on each side of her seat. When the day ended, she went back to the dorm and started to study!
It was snowing and Kelly needed a new hat. She went to the store to go find one. When Kelly found one, she loved it. She immediately picked it up and purchased it. Kelly was happy about it.
I wanted to become a model. So, I worked out and ate good food. Eventually, I became muscular and ripped. I applied for modeling jobs in New York City. I finally landed a job and became a model!
Jeremy wanted to buy a chocolate bar but couldn't choose which one. The store clerk waited five minutes before asking him to choose. Jeremy picked five of them and asked the clerk to choose for him. The clerk picked one but Jeremy shook his head. Jeremy finally picked another chocolate bar and paid for it.
Priscilla is a fat Mexican girl in her mid-twenties. She felt picked on by her boss but she didn't think he'd fire her. Suddenly, her boss called her into his office with more employees. He fired all of the employees in his office. But Priscilla thought her boss fired her for prejudice reasons.
Sarah was waiting to go out with her friends. While they finished dressing, she hung out by the pool. She was walking along the edge when she tripped. She fell into the water. Her dress was ruined and she had to change clothes.
Josephine ran into the kitchen through the sliding glass door. She had heard the phone ringing and was expecting a call from Mark. Just as she reached her phone the ringing stopped. She tried to call Mark back but the phone went right to voicemail. As she put the phone down it beeped to indicate a new voice message.
Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma. To fit all the food in one bag or to waste a bag and use two? The stress of the situation piled on him greatly. At last he decided to use two bag just to be safe. He handed the bags to the customer and thanked him.
Cora had a bad cough. She waited for a few days. But then it worsened, so she went to the doctor. They gave her some antibiotics. Soon Cora was feeling better.
Marcy wanted to impress everyone at the school dance. She decided she needed a new dress to do so. She also knew she didn't have enough money to buy a new dress. She decided to make one instead. Her dress was the prettiest one there.
Kim has always loved horses since she was a little girl. She recently decided to take horseback riding lessons. Kim was nervous at first. She practiced every day for months. Today, Kim can ride horses well.
My friends and I went to the Casino to play card. I had twenty dollars in my pocket. I borrow eighty dollars from my friend. I hit the jackpot my first time playing card. I continue to play until i gave all the money back that i won.
Kelsi and her friends went on a mission to support Trump. They went around school yesterday handing out flyers to everyone. They were determined to get him more votes. To their delight, people were responsive. Most people showed their support.
Allie got a new iPad. As a result she needed a keyboard. She found a cheap one online. As soon as she connected it it worked perfectly. Allie was so happy.
Paul is a genius who earned straight A's ever since the first grade. Now in his final year of college, he received the last A to graduate. There was no family alive and no friends because of his isolation. He skipped the graduation ceremony and drank in his apartment. Paul is a genius.
Larry liked to tinker with things. He was very smart and very curious. One day he go the idea to try and make his own bomb. He figured out how and made a small bomb. The police found out about the bomb and Larry went to jail.
My math teacher was going over the homework assignment. My phone immediately started to ring. Since my pockets were tight, it was hard to get them out. The teacher got furious and told me to get out of the class. After walking out, I was able to get the phone.
Louis loved to eat meatloaf. He made it at least once a week at home. One day Louis got really sick after eating his meatloaf. He was sick for a week and ended up having the flu. Even though Louis had the flu, he didn't eat meatloaf for a long time.
While I was in the lunch line, someone called me. He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him. However, I told him no since it would be unfair that he gets more food As a result, he ended up mad and walked away. We were on bad terms for the remainder of the school year.
Liz knew her parents wanted a puppy. She had a friend who wanted to sell his new puppy. Liz texted her siblings asking for help purchasing the puppy. Some of her siblings were not wanting to help. Liz felt hurt by their responses.
A year or so ago I was diagnosed with sleep apnea. The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep. It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me However, after using it for a while, I got a bad respiratory infection. I learned to clean my CPAP regularly and sleep well every night.
For some reason Ben's toothbrush was by the kitchen sink. He took it upstairs to his bathroom to brush his teeth. The next morning, his mom asked if he had seen the dog's toothbrush. She had put it by the kitchen sink. Ben had accidentally brushed his teeth with it!
Mike was living in a city far from the one he grew up in. Mike began looking for a job, and there were plenty of them. He got two calls back from two companies looking to hire him. Mike went to both interviews and weighed his options. Before Mike could make up his mind, he got a third better job offer.
Audrey's grandson worked at a supermarket. She asked him to pick up three or four bananas for her. Her grandson misunderstood. He brought her four bunches of bananas. Audrey had to give away most of the bananas.
Maya needed to lose weight. She didn't have the willpower to diet alone. Then she asked her friend Sue to be her diet buddy. The two women exercised together and ate carefully. In a month, each had lost ten pounds!
I made a new fruit pizza recipe for the potluck. I set it on the table with the other food as soon as I got there. Then I made my husband taste it first, to be certain it was good. He tried it and said he loved it. The whole pizza was gone after fifteen minutes.
Tom was traveling overseas. He didn't know the local language that well. Tom decided to download an interpreter app. It was still difficult to communicate. The app made it at least possible, though.
Jason and his friends took a trip to Six Flags yesterday. The boys immediately went to the coasters when they got there. When Jason went on the coaster it was very thrilling. The boys then ended up going on a dozen rides. In the end it was a great trip for the boys.
Kate had gotten a virus on her work computer. Tech support said they could fix it. They expected it would be a quick job. But it took him two hours to fix it. Kate had to make up the two hours at the end of the day.
Susie was very upset. She couldn't clear her mind. So she went on youtube. She put on mediation music. She then started to feel better.
Vera is 45 and still lives with her parents. She doesn't have a job and her parents still support her. They've asked her to get a job or to go to school but she refuses. So one day she went to the mall and they changed the locks. When Vera came home she quickly discovered her keys didn't work.
I came very close to saying goodbye. I knew it would kill me to lose him. I still couldn't resolve my fears about his threats. I cried for hours. He just got angrier because I was sad.
Neil was journeying through Morocco. He took a train into Marrakesh. There, he watched amazing street performers. He saw beautiful temples and churches. And he enjoyed tons of Marrakesh food!
Jim called the u-haul support line. Someone answered his call but the ringing didn't stop. His phone kept making the ringing sound as they talked. Jim found it incredibly annoying. He made an effort to get off the phone as quickly as possible.
Yesterday was a stressful day. I was driving on the highway when something bad happened. My car ran out of fuel. I was stranded in the middle of nowhere. Thankfully triple A came and fixed it.
Lynn gets a new dog. She loves her dog. She is out one evening walking him. Her dog runs off away from her. She cannot catch him and he runs away.
Chase was on a tight budget. He needed some things for his home. He didn't know how to pay for them. His sister told him to try the dollar store. They had everything he needed!
Armand watched a movie version of the book he had to read for class. But as he was sleepy, he feel asleep while watching it. The next day, in class, his teacher asked him about the book. Armand had no idea what to say. He pretended he had to pee so he could avoid more questions.
Joe was excited to get the newest cell phone. He was not happy about the line he had to wait in at the store. When he finally got to the front, the store was sold out. Joe was not happy. He had to go home without a phone.
Rob had a great weekend. He kind of dreaded having to go to work on Monday. He overslept about a half hour. He got up skipped his shower, and breakfast. He still made it to work in great time.
I invited my friend over to join my team as a substitute. He agreed and I went to the coach to ask if he could join. He said if it's fine for the referee, it's fine to him. After asking the referee, he said it was within limits. He obliterated the competition and we managed to win by 4 goals!
Tom was considering playing football in high school. He asked his parents for advice. He parents said that team sports build character. Tom joined the football team. Tom had fun, bonded with teammates, and loved the comradery.
Tom was falling behind in school. He needed to catch up to pass most of his classes. Unfortunately there wasn't much time left. Tom tried his best. He picked which classes to concentrate on to pass.
There was a pancake breakfast at a high school. I bought two tickets. I invited my friend. She isn't big on pancakes. But we had a good talk.
Carlos and Amy met online and quickly started dating. Carlos lives in Cuba and Amy in Australia. After one year of dating they decided to fly to Mexico to meet. They met on a white sand beach at sunset. They kissed for the first time and had a great vacation together.
Amy was always having trouble seeing clearly. She went to the optometrist and he gave her glasses. But the problem was Amy hated wearing glasses. She thought they made her ugly and did not feel comfortable. Amy went back to her optometrist and got contacts.
I got poked in the eye by a stick. I held it because it hurt. I wiped away my tears. I waited for a few minutes. My eye didn't hurt anymore.
I was late for work by ten minutes. I decided to run from the parking lot to the building. When I got to the office I was sweating! My coworkers laughed because they could see sweat stains on my shirt. I realized I should show up on time so my coworkers don't laugh at me.
Patty loved making Italian food. She got some great Italian sausage from a local store. She cooked it and stirred it in with her pasta. The food was spicy and delicious. Patty loved serving the food to her family.
Frank was a skinny and weak child. When he went to the beach, all the other boys would laugh at his frame. He knew he had to put on muscle to part of the popular crowd. He worked out diligently with a weight set at home for six weeks. When he returned to the beach the other boys laughed even harder.
My student Evan was struggling with reading comprehension. He asked for extra help at a meeting after school. I taught Evan new study tactics that bypassed his struggles. He used the study tactics I taught him for other classes too. Evan got 3 A's that year.
I had an interview with a recruiting firm scheduled. I woke up early the day of the interview. I put on my best suit. I eagerly traveled to the interview that was only 10 minutes away. My interview went very well!
Oscar went into the kitchen to find something to eat. He checked the refrigerator but there wasn't anything good to eat. He checked the cabinet but didn't find anything there either. He checked the pantry and found a box of granola bars. He grabbed two and went to watch a movie while he ate his snack.
My coworker and I weigh 250 pounds each. We decided to do a stand off 50 pounds lost in two months. I spend most of my time dancing at home and outdoor excising. My coworker spend his time at the gym. End of two months i lost 51 pounds, six pounds more than my coworker.
Sam got a gift from his girlfriend. They were a pair of gloves. Sam tried them on. Unfortunately they were too small. Sam's girlfriend replaced them with the right size.
Jim had just learned to drive and was new to parallel parking. He had to back into a small space when parking at school. Some mean boys were trying to distract him by yelling and laughing. He finally decided to scare them and move backwards really fast. The only problem was that he forgot to put the car in reverse!
My parents took us to Canobie Lake Park in 1963. A Chinatown organization sponsored the trip. We took charter buses, as nobody owned cars in our area. We rode rides and played skee ball all day. We came home tired but happy.
Tim was at the bar drinking. He got a bit rowdy and said mean things to others. He didn't think it was too serious. On the way out he got jumped in the alley. Tim wasn't seriously hurt but learned a lesson.
Heath was shooting at targets in the woods. He saw a flash of orange. Heath put his gun down. A hunter in orange walked out from the woods. Heath was glad he had stopped shooting.
Pam has been planning on taking a trip on her bicycle. It will be a bicycle trip through the countryside. She has invited her friends to join her. Pam and her friends are now cycling together on the trip. Pam and her friends agree to do this every month from now on.
Brenda was at the mall with her friends. Suddenly, she ran into her ex boyfriend. He asked how she was. She answered in an awkward way. Finally, the two went their separate ways.
Jamie liked to play soccer, but she was not very good. She always kicked the ball with her right foot. Her coach showed her how to kick the ball between her feet. She practiced moving the ball back and forth. In Friday's game, her footwork was so good that she scored a goal!
Alexa wanted to be a highly paid supermodel. But everyone keeps telling her she'll have to start at the bottom. She found a social network site for models and photographers. She did a modeling shoot free for a men's magazine. A month later, an editor called her offering $250 for a cover shoot.
Rick opened the window in his room to let in cool air. But the window didn't have a screen. He walked out of his room for a second. And he saw a bird at his window sill. Rick decided to leave his window closed afterwards.
Watson loved to read comics. He would read many every day. One day, he walked into a comic store. He stayed for hours and finally found a new comic. Watson was able to purchase the comic and read it.
George is in high school. He wants to make a little extra money. The community college offers a lifeguard course for $100. George wants to be a lifeguard. George can't take the class because he doesn't have extra money.
This past weekend I took my children to a new playground. The equipment there was very fun and new. There were lots of things that spun and a really neat rope swing. My kids got kind of sick from all the spinning. It was still fun though and we will go back.
Waiting for the next train to pull up, Harry was nervous. He was only a few hours away from his big interview. Spending the last three months sending out resumes, this was it. Boarding the train, he noticed something strange about the inside. He had hopped on the wrong color train, and would be late.
Kelly wanted to bake some cookies for her family for the holidays. She got the ingredients together and put them in the oven. Kelly started to walk away and ended up forgetting about them. To her dismay, the kitchen started smoking and cookies were ruined. After feeling irritated, Kelly decided to just buy cookies instead.
Dan's class was in the library at school. A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan. Without thinking Dan threw a book at the boy. The book hit the boy on the nose which began to bleed. Dan knew he would be in big trouble for throwing a book.
Tyler played football with a team. Today was their big day. He was nervous but did well. He scored a touchdown. Everyone cheered him on.
The church was in the woods. They took a bus to get there. It was very beautiful. She walked up to the tall glass doors. The walls were entirely made of glass.
Lois didn't want any more peanut butter. She put the lid on and put the jar away. She vowed to battle her cravings more vigilantly. At dinner that night the jello reminded her of jelly. She wished she was eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
It was Kelli's wedding. She was going to marry her boyfriend of three years. But her makeup was taking a long time. Before she knew it she was an hour late. By the time she walked down the aisle her friends were furious.
I went to go see a horror movie alone. I got so scared that I ran out of the theater. I never wanted that to happen again. I brought friends with me the next time I went to the theater. I was never scared at a horror movie again.
Chance had angered one of his friends inadvertently. The friend challenged Chance to a fistfight. Chance was angry and wanted to accept the challenge. But he forced himself to take a deep breath and relax. He decided to be the bigger man and decline the fight.
John was stressed out. So he ate more food than he should have. But afterwards, he had a headache. So he tried to eat less the next day. But his stress led him to the same behavior.
Chris was walking down the street. Suddenly, he saw an annoying sounding woman walking around. The woman walked over to Chris and began to badly harass him. Chris got angry and shoved the drunk woman to the ground. He looked around and then ran away before he could get caught.
Wilber thought Mexico was part of the United States. He challenged his friends to a knowledge quiz. His friend Timothy knows Mexico is not a part of the United States. Timothy won the challenge. Wilber is still hopelessly confused.
Tyler wanted to go to space. He applied for a job at NASA. During his training, he got very bad motion sickness. Tyler realized his dreams would never be realized. Luckily he was able to keep a good job with NASA anyway.
One day, Jim and Tom went to the beach. They went to the beach early in the morning and grew hungry quickly. Luckily, there was a man selling hot dogs out of a cart. They both had eight hot dogs and began to feel very sick. Jim and Tom never had another hot dog after that day.
Lindsey was saddled with student loans. She worked two jobs, but was always behind on her debt. She was frantically searching for new ways to make money. One day, a friend told her about Etsy. Soon after, Lindsey launched a successful Etsy craft store.
George went to the store and bought a ton of food. When he got home he opened the fridge and it was full of spoiled food. He grabbed a trash bag and cleaned out the fridge. He took the bag to the garbage and went inside. George was finally able to put away his groceries.
The teacher reminded the class that they have 20 minutes left. I was stuck on a few test questions. I tried to pause and think for a quick second. Eventually, I came to my senses and started to write. Although I wasn't confident about my answers, I submitted something.
My boss was very mad at me. He yelled at me for being late for work. I explained that I was usually caught in traffic. He told me if I was late again I would be fired. I decided to leave really early to get to work on time.
Paula was visiting the zoo. She saw a monkey swinging through the trees. She laughed and took pictures of him. Monkeys were her favorite animal! She was happy she had seen her favorite creature that day.
Jane jogged often. She decided to get new running shoes. She got an expensive pair. They turned out to be uncomfortable. Jane returned to her old shoes instead.
Jim always walked to school. But one day he heard a dog barking. He looked behind him. And it was a loose dog. Luckily, the owner caught the dog in time.
Roy was unhappy about having to move to a new town. His father had gotten a new job in another state. His parents told him they didn't have a choice about leaving. Roy tried to accept the fact that there would be an adjustment period. After a couple weeks in the new place, he started to make new friends.
I hated cooking. It always took me too long. I always burned my food. One day someone bought me a microwave. After that I loved cooking.
I met some coworkers for happy hour on Friday. It was hard to find them because I didn't have anybody's number. We got pretty drunk. We decided to keep partying. Eventually, I was able to get some of their numbers.
Paula notices that several guests at her party seemed bored. In order to entertain them, she decides to play the harpsichord. She plays a few inspirational songs. Her guests are very impressed with her musical skills. Paula is glad that her guests are no longer bored.
Henry had a habit of running in the house, which was not allowed. His mother would often catch him and he would get into trouble. One day while running Henry slipped and broke his mother's' lamp. After hours of trying to fix it he realized it was a hopeless task. Henry was in trouble, but he learned his lesson about running inside.
Molly had been smoking cigarettes in her room. She left an ash stain on the floor. When her mom noticed and asked about it, Molly lied. She said that it was from chalk for art class. Luckily her mom believed her and she was okay.
Tim loved going to the aquarium. He saw a tank with a seahorse in it! Tim watched the creature bob around. The zookeeper threw some food in. Tim watched the seahorse grab it with his tail and eat it.
Jane was at the park. She saw some swings. She figured it would be fun. Unfortunately she got stuck. She had to have emergency crews take her out.
I bought a foreclosed house for me and my wife. The mortgage is very easy to pay and we are able to save a lot. It needed a little work but my dad helped me fix it up quick. Our plan is to sell it in about four Year's. We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house.
My mom planned to have a Barbecue on Christmas Eve. However, she barely had any money and asked me for some assistance. I told her that I would help only if she allowed me to get braces. We made an agreement and I ended up giving her $1000 dollars. She bought all of her supplies for the dinner.
I went jogging in a field one day. When I was ready to leave i didn't have my cell phone. I back tracked with my dog to find it. I looked for several minutes. When I looked to my right my dog had the cell phone in his mouth.
I've put on a few pounds so I decided to try doing yoga. I got into my pose when my foot slipped on the carpet. It went underneath my radiator, scalding my foot. Now I have no skin on my heel and it hurts. I might have to see a doctor about it if it doesn't improve.
Tim was getting on a boat. It was his first time. He thought he would be board. He saw that there was so much to do. After fishing and telling stories, he decided that boats were awesome.
Calla found out she and her husband were expecting a child. They talked it over and decided Calla would stay home with the baby. She was nervous about such a huge, dramatic change. As she learned her bay's rhythms and routines, though, it got better. Soon Calla loved being a stay-at-home mom more than anything!
Jenny bought ticket to Smash Mouth. She listened to them for a week before the concert. She learned all their songs. She sang while they performed. The singer gave her a hug.
Everyone got in front of the table. My mom thanked the ground and spoke about me. A few seconds later, the entire table collapsed. The cake was scattered throughout the ground. At first, it seemed terrible but everyone laughed.
For a long time I had felt disliked by my roommate. One day we had a confrontation about this. She ended up revealing that she doesn't like me. I was hurt and sad but I decided not to care. We don't talk much anymore.
Alex received a mysterious phone call. When he answered the phone, he heard nothing but beeping. He hung up. His phone rang again. He did not answer.
Andy is a avid collector of art. In fact, Andy loves collecting abstract art. Recently, Andy was invited to a local abstract art show. Andy decided he would go to the show, and maybe purchase some art. Andy could not wait to see the art pieces displayed at the show.
Anna rode the subway home from work one night. She got off and went home, grabbing her briefcase. But at home, she found she had grabbed her neighbor's briefcase! She found the man's card and gave him a call. He was very happy to get his briefcase back!
Mike went to the farmer's market to get radishes. On his way to the radish stand, he was offered a free sample of cheese Mike had never really liked cheese, but he took a chance and tried it He smiled as he swallowed it and actually enjoyed it Mike decided to get cheese to eat with his radishes
When I was ten years old, I went fishing with my parents and brother. While my dad and brother walked farther up the lake, I stayed behind. As I was standing on the bank with my pole, my mom suddenly froze. She told me to be still, and I looked down to see a tiny green snake. Unafraid, I pushed it away with my foot and continued fishing.
The boy threw a ball. The ball went across the street. The boy chased the ball. A car came down the street. It stopped and waited for the boy to cross the street.
I wanted to make myself a nice dinner. I went to the store and picked up beef and beans. I cooked the ingredients separately, then combined them. I topped my beef and bean creation with sour cream. Unfortunately, the meal was not good, because I am a bad cook.
Mike wanted a change in his appearance. He decided he was going to shave his bushy beard. The next day Mike went into work. His coworkers saw him and appeared shocked. They told Mike that they thought he was a stranger.
The little kids were outside playing tag. One fell and skinned her knee. She went crying to the teacher. The rest of the kids continued to play. Because one got hurt, they are no longer allowed to play tag.
Jeff's mom asked him for money. Since she lived in a different state, he sent her money overseas. It's been several weeks and the payment hasn't arrived. When Jeff tracked the delivery, he realized that he made a mistake. The money was sent to a different address.
Sandra made five different pies for Christmas. She decided on blueberry, apple, pumpkin, cherry, and chocolate. She left them on the counter to cool all lined up. She didn't know her sister arrived with several dogs. Everyone assumed the pies would have been tasty.
Lorrie had a deep passion for dragons. She would spend every day drawing them and thinking about them. She poured her heart into a dazzling sculpture for the art show. It was rather a mess, with glitter and scales tossed every which way. But she was beamingly proud of her new dragon friend nonetheless.
Jimmy made sure that his mom was still asleep. He crept to the kitchen and prepared a delicious breakfast. He brought it into his parent's room and gently woke his mom. She sat up sleepily and rubbed her eyes. She smiled as Jimmy wished her a happy Mother's Day.
Hugo wanted to get big quick. He went to the gym everyday. His friend told him to slow down. But Hugo ignored him. Hugo ended up hurting himself badly.
Sarah was moving her stuff. She packed it up in boxes. One box tipped over. Sarah began to cry. Her new glass cups had broken.
Ora was visiting Ireland with her family. They decided to visit the Blarney Stone. They took a bus to the site. Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone. Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck!
Charles is addicted to smoking cigars. But he has to quit. Last night he prayed and asked God to make him stop. This morning he left and bought a cigar from Walmart. Outside it started to rain and the water ruined his cigar.
Victor grew his hair out far too long. Everyone in Victor's life gave him a really hard time for his long hair. Victor finally gave in and let his sister give him a haircut. Victor's sister cut way too much of his hair off. Victor became extremely depressed and wore a hat for the next 3 months.
I used to do heroin. Heroin makes you do bad things. I started stealing and lying. Eventually, I got caught by the police. I was sentenced to 2 years in prison.
Molly needed to exchange a shirt for a better size. She brought it to the store and looked for the right size. Unfortunately, she couldn't find the shirt anymore. Instead, she had to look at a new shirt entirely. She settled on a new blouse and bought it.
Jonas had always dreamed of visiting Canada. He began planning for his big trip. Finally Jonas took his flight to Montreal. Jonas enjoyed delicious food and wine in Montreal. Flying home, he knew it had been the trip of a lifetime.
Ethan wanted a table. He went to the furniture store. The store had exactly what he was looking for. He decided to buy the white one. He took it home.
Jorell loved to eat all sorts of fruits. His very favorite was grapes and grape flavored drinks. One day he ran out of all of his grapes. He freaked out and thought that it was the end of the world. His mother called him in and told him she had bought more.
Greg received a call from a telemarketer. They offered him an opportunity to renew his car's warranty. Greg purchased the policy for three thousand dollars. A few months later Greg's car broke down. His mechanic said the repairs were not covered under the warranty.
George was traveling to the United Kingdom. He had to take an early morning flight. When he got to the terminal, the flight was overbooked. He ended up being refunded. However, his trip shrunk by a whole day.
Amy was in track. It was the first week of practice. The coach had them run down on the street for practice. When they stopped they were at a steep hill. Amy huffed and panted the whole way, but she made it to the top.
Amy wanted to be a writer. So she decided to write a short story. But she kept erasing and rewriting sentences. And she barely made any progress. After several Year's, Amy never became a writer.
As we visited with my uncle, he taught us a lot. He walked on the property with me, and showed me his chickens. He told me about the history of his Fjord horses. He'd gotten them from a norwegian friend years ago. I enjoyed listening to his stories that day.
I needed to make a plan for my son's birthday. I went to the grocery store to get some supplies. I bought some pizza dough and various ingredients. When I got home I divided the dough into individual portions. When they guests arrived everyone could make their own pizzas.
Alice's best friends were her three cats. She didn't seek human companionship, nor did anyone seek it from her. Neighbors could hear Alice have long conversations with her cats. Alice would always speak in a thoughtful manner to her cats. When Alice died, neighbors knew when the conversation stopped.
Mike wanted to go camping with his new friends. None of them had gone camping before so he tutored them a bit. When he thought they were ready they made plans to go into the woods. When they got there they were all nervous but set up camp. Mike was very happy that they were all camping and he was having fun!
My friend tried to ride a bicycle across a small hill. As soon as his bike tire ran into a rock, he fell off. A lady running across the park stopped. She asked if she needed to call for help. He immediately told her no since he felt embarrassed.
Daniel didn't know how to ride a motorcycle. He signed up for motorcycle lessons before he bought one. The instructors taught him the basics of riding. Daniel bought a motorcycle to pass the riding exam with. Daniel passed with flying colors and now enjoys riding his motorcycle.
Dale is a 40 year old man. Dale still lives from home. Dale gets tired of living with his dad. Dale gets a job. Dale moves out.
Lady the Malamute pulled on her chain until her collar came off. Lady ran away from her home, but her humans saw her leave. Lady's humans followed her on foot through the neighborhood streets. Lady got tired, and sat down on the sidewalk to wait for her humans. Lady's humans caught up, put her collar on her, and took her home.
Todd went to the night club by himself. His friends didn't want to go out to the club so he went alone. He arrived at 11 and the club was packed. Although nervous, he managed to meet a girl, Tina. He bought her a drink, and took her home for a fun night.
Lucy sat down, crying. She was eating a very delicious bacon sandwich. Sandwiches like this always brought back sweet memories. She was transported back into the past. She was a  little girl again watching her father slaughter pigs.
My daughter was trying to learn to play the piano. She found an app on her tablet that she could use to learn to play. She wanted to buy the app. I set a goal for her to reach to buy it. She was able to buy it after reaching her goal in a month.
Thomas wanted to get a cat to keep him company. He drove to the pet store on the weekend. At the pet store he saw many cute cats. He bought a black one. Now Thomas is happy with his cat, Fred.
Abby was on her youth soccer team. However, the coach never wanted to put her in the game. Abby became discouraged that she wasn't good enough to play. Her mom noticed Abby was feeling sad. She suggested that Abby pursue another activity instead.
My kids wanted to go play outside. I let them go play without my supervision. They returned covered in mud. I scolded and grounded them. I realized that they weren't mature enough to play outside without me.
Mike was bored one summer. He had little choice but to stay inside. Mike stepped outside one day. But he realized it was too hot. Mike stayed inside all summer.
I found a website that sells personalized items. They had a referral code coupon system. I posted my code on a website, explaining the deal. So many purchases were made that I accumulated high store credit. I ended up getting a bunch of customized stuff for free.
Joe's class went to the orchard on a class trip. He and his friends filled up buckets of apples. When he got them home, his mother didn't know what to do with them. They had all kinds of apple dessert the next few weeks. And everyone had an apple in their lunch every day for a month.
Cara had a crush on a boy in her English class named Ray. But she didn't think Ray had ever noticed her at all. Then one day, she and Ray were assigned to partner on a class project. Over the weeks, the two became very close. Soon they began dating - and they got a great grade on their project!
Tom bought a new pair of dress shoes. He decided to wear them to his high-school dance. Within a few minutes Tom's feet were killing him. The shoes were not properly broken in. Tom wound up sitting most of the night.
I called Anna to ask if our plans tonight are still there. She told me that she might be late since she's in traffic. I decided to go out for food while waiting for her. Once I arrived at this special restaurant, I took my order. At the same time, I noticed that Anna was eating food with somebody.
Tara was a nice woman. She did feel slightly lonely at times. Her friend suggested she get a pet She bought a cat. She became very happy to have cat at home with her every day.
Our teacher had assigned a book report. We could pick any book to write the report on. I didn't feel like reading a book just to write about it. Instead, I made up an imaginary book for the report. Surprisingly, my teacher loved the report on my imaginary book.
Sam was getting a new baby brother. At first he was shy and scared of the baby. Sam didn't like the baby because he would cry all day long. But the baby began to grow and play. In time Sam grew to love his brother and they became best friends.
Mario was an all around entertainer. He could rap, sing and dance. One night he had a performance in a theater in Las Vegas. His personal waitress kept his champagne glass filled. Mario was drunk and sleepy and passed out during his performance.
The barber told me where to sit when I came into the stop. I spent several seconds talking about the hairstyle that I want. He responded and started to cut my hair. A few minutes later, I woke up from a small nap. My head was unexpectedly bald.
The Johnson family Thanksgiving dinner was here. Mrs Johnson had prepared the turkey. She absolutely hated it even though she had cooked it. Everyone thought it was funny. They told the story every year at Thanksgiving from then on.
David went to the movie theatre. The movie began to roll and he realized it was the wrong movie. People threw popcorn at the screen. David told the person at the counter the wrong movie was showed. As a result, everyone got refunds and a free movie ticket.
Mabel was telling her children a fable. Her eldest son Abel was scared and hid under the table. The other three children followed him under the table. Mabel got to the scariest part of the story and they jumped. They all hit their heads on the bottom of the table.
Samson had his 13th birthday this last weekend. His family had a small party for him. They went to the park and invited friends and family. The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake. Luckily Samson didn't care and thought it was delicious.
A homeless man approached my car. He asked for some food. I gave him a burger I recently bought. He asked if there's pickles and I immediately said no. He gave the hamburger back and walked away.
James was at work. Suddenly, his son's school called. His son was sick. Jame's had to go to the school and pick him up. Then, he took him home.
Nancy wanted to own a small business. She needed investors. One day she posted on social media that she was accepting donations. Nobody donated to her to start her business. She realized she should get a loan from the bank.
Houdini performed a magic trick. He sawed a woman in half. The audience freaked out. He put her back together. Everyone went home bewildered.
Joey bought a kayak that summer. There was a small lake near his house he wanted to explore. He put the kayak in the water. He tried to leave the shore. But he realized that the water wasn't deep enough.
Tom was going to break up with his girlfriend. He didn't want her to make a scene. Tom decided to do it at a fancy dinner. His girlfriend still made a scene. Tom had to tip extra and apologize.
My sister in law works in an assisted living center. She and her coworkers dressed up for Saint Patrick's Day. She wore a green apron, hat, and glasses. She and her coworkers posed for photos. The residents were very amused.
John hates driving. He decided to travel this summer by bus. The only available time to travel was 3am. In the middle of the trip the bus broke. He regretted not using his car to travel.
John knew his girlfriend was upset. He thought buying her flowers would cheer her up. He got a big bouquet. John's girlfriend loved the gesture. It made her happier.
It was a snowy christmas morning. My family and I gathered around the tree. I saw a large box with my name on it. I went over to the box and peeled off the wrapping paper. Inside, there was a large remote controlled car.
Carlos decided he wanted to start making coffee at home. He tried making it one morning. It came out very well. Charles enjoyed drinking his coffee. He decided to continue to make coffee each day.
My friend reminded me about the assignment that's due tomorrow. I didn't do any homework today and decided to get some rest. On the next day, I started the assignment. When I finished, I tried to turn it in online. The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday, not today.
A few years ago I applied for a retail job. They called me back and told me they wanted to give me an interview. I was excited. But the day of I woke up late. I arrived late and they were not happy.
Skip wants be the best writer. He decides to move to Nashville. Skip begins to live his dream. He writes for the biggest names in country music. Skip realized his dreams as a writer.
Robert was walking through China with a backpack. He had been in the Gobi desert the last week. He didn't have any water, and his throat was parched. Robert decided he must drink his own pee. While peeing, he saw a car of attractive women pass by.
Kim and her sisters had a photoshoot planned today in Mexico. The girls were having fun taking photos but Kim was upset. Normally she was the center of attention, but now her sisters were. She told the photographer to only take photos of her and no one else, This created tension between the sisters.
Liam was in Paris for the first time. He always wanted to eat toast in France. He went to a small cafe and ordered coffee and toast. He was very disappointed when his food arrived. It was plain toast and not French toast like he thought it would be.
Tony was shopping for Christmas presents. He bought his kids many large boxes of books. He wrapped each one individually. When it was time for them to unwrap, the kids tore into them. Books were their favorite kinds of gifts!
Bill decided he was gonna go out. He wanted to get drunk. He arrived at the bar. Ordered beer after beer Until he couldn't see straight. Bill had to be kicked out and took a cab home.
Ben didn't like art and his wife knew how much he hated it. To get back at him for a joke, she signed them up for pottery courses. She drove him there while Ben thought nothing of the long drive. When they got inside, he frown deeply realizing what was going on. Although, he seemed to enjoy himself quite a bit when they left.
Genie made everyone at work feel uncomfortable today. She always seemed sneaky, but she had something up her sleeve. Next thing we knew, she was in the office talking to the boss. She was lying about several of us, and wanted us to get fired. Now we are all nervous and waiting to see what happens.
Koko was an exotic dancer. She made lots of money to provide for her children. One night, a man wanted a private show. She agreed, but he tried to touch her inappropriately. She quit dancing after that.
Ben's friends took him to the pub. They bought him a few brews. Then they all sang songs. They had a great time. The next day, though, Ben felt sick.
Remy wanted a carrot cake for her birthday. But instead she got a chocolate cake. Remy complained. But her mom told her the cake wasn't the point of her birthday. Remy reluctantly ate the chocolate cake.
John get into an argument in class. Both of them got in trouble. They decided to fight after school. They met up near a big tree. Both kids fought and got over it.
Eddie and Martha pulled up to the daycare. It was their first time dropping off their daughter there. As they walked up to the building, Martha began to get emotional. She teared up and sniffled. Eddie rolled his eyes.
My roommate listened to the radio as I studied for an exam. The music distracted me a lot so I could not concentrate. I asked him to turn it down a little. My roommate obliged me and turned it down. Now I was able to fully concentrate on the material.
I like to play fire. One day I create a fire in my room. My bed was on fire. I burn my hand. I had a burn mark in my hand.
Tim was coloring at home. He ran out of paper. He decided to color on the wall. His mother saw it and was furious. Tim spent the next day painting the way white.
My little sister and I went to a school festival. She left to play on the swings with her friends. Suddenly she started screaming and crying. A bee had stung her eyelid. I ran to get a bag of ice for her eye.
Tim was waiting to be picked up from school. But he began feeling impatient. He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour. He became cold and wet as it was raining. And when he got home, he found his mom sleeping.
At the restaurant, Frank cleared off the dirty tablecloth and plates. He scraped the food in the trash and continued working as a server. The boss noticed later that they were missing a lot of silverware. The boss made Frank dig through the trash to find some. Frank was able to find 20 forks and 8 knives in the garbage.
The bugs were new to him. He had never seen them before. He instantly jumped away when he saw one. He yelled that they were ugly. He refused to go near them again.
The girl walked in her room. Her cat was laying on the floor unresponsive. She yelled for her mom. Her mom took the girl and the cat to the hospital. While the cat was under surgery they waited with hope in their hearts.
Lucy was sad because her favorite dress had ripped. She sewed it up, but the stitches unraveled. She complained to her mother about her poor dress! Her mother listened quietly and promised to fix Lucy's sorrow. The next morning, she gave Lucy a brand new dress!
I was setting up for a barbecue in my backyard. We weren't sure if the grill was going to work, so it was stressful. I got the gas for the grill and attached it. The grill wouldn't turn on at first but eventually it did. I started barbecuing the food and all went great!
Peggy loves to spend time with her stepdaughter. Often they will head to the mall for some shopping. Sometimes her stepdaughter gets disrespectful. Peggy doesn't take it personally though. She knows it's normal for teenagers to get snippy.
Martin was a new priest just out of seminary school. He had been assigned a parish in a small village in the mountains. On his first sermon on Sunday, he looked out at his audience. A feeling of dread took over his body as he saw the faces watching. Martin walked off the stage and out the door, never to be seen again.
Amber's ears perked as the wood went suddenly silent. She'd been entranced by the birdsong and white noise of insects. Now, however, it was very quiet, save a growing dull roar. Amber screamed and ran as she realized what was going on. The dam up at Otter's Creek had burst and the water was coming at her.
Soccer was the first sport I ever tried as a child. I was always nervous to play team sports. I never felt I was very good at them. Before our first game I broke my elbow. I never even got to play in a game.
Me and my family went for a hike. It started to storm outside. My little brother was scared by the thunder and lightening. We hid underneath the largest trees possible. We waited for the rain to pass before we finished the hike.
Jeff got in an accident. The ambulance arrived quickly. They loaded him up and took him to the hospital. The doctors checked Jeff out. They said he would be ok.
Lucy wanted to adopt some children. She went to China. Luckily she got the okay. She ended up getting two children. She couldn't have been more happy.
Tom was a 16 year old high school student. Toms birthday was coming up and he was excited. His parents got him many presents. He opened each one enthusiastically. He received many great presents and was very grateful.
The kids wanted to learn a new instrument. They decided the guitar would be fun. They each bought a guitar and some music. Their teacher came that night for the first lesson. They were excited to become good guitar players.
Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle. She shrieked something fierce, so Uncle Bob came running. He carried her to the car, and to the hospital they went. The kind staff patched Maude up, good as new. When they got the hospital bill, they were shocked at the cost!
Kate's mom always had mental issues. She invited herself to their Thanksgiving dinner. Kate tried to be accommodating but it didn't help. Kate's mom attempted suicide in the kitchen. They had to rush her to a hospital.
Tim noticed his fish tank was cloudy. He pulled out the filter cartridge. He saw it was full of gunk. He replaced it with a clean, fresh one. Soon the tank water was clear again!
John had tons of wires on the floor of his room. He needed them for his computer, television, and other electronics. He tried to clean them one day. But he struggled because there were so many. So he gave up and accepted that he would have to live in a wiry room.
Yesterday I ate a bug. I had never eaten a bug before, but yesterday was different. I poured a bowl of cereal and took a big bite. Then I noticed the bugs running around in my bowl. I must admit that bugs are quite tasty in breakfast cereal.
Maria was down on her luck and needed to find a job. She looked in the papers and began to hunt down employers. When she landed an interview she made sure to dress right. Once there she talked with the interviewer and hoped she did well. The next day she got a call back and was hired!
I was sick in bed with a bad cold. My throat was killing me. It was very scratchy. I decided to try a bowl of hot chicken soup. The soup did an amazing job of healing my sore throat.
I really wanted to make my roommate pay for his past pranks. I called Pizza Hut and ordered twenty pizzas to be delivered for him. When the pizzas arrived I acted ignorant about the situation. My roommate was angry but finally agreed to pay the delivery guy. We ate pizza for two weeks straight!
I work in a transit authority. I had toy trains atop my cabinet. We got a new boss. She said the toys were unprofessional and ordered them removed. I celebrated when she was fired a year later.
Amy decided to use the gym in her office to get in shape. Amy decided to use the stairmaster It hurt after 5 minutes but Amy pushed through. Amy ended up working out for 30 minutes on the stair master. Amy was proud of herself for sticking with it.
Dora came from a nice family that lived in a bad neighborhood. Dora dream was to move out of the neighborhood. Where she would live a better life! She kept that dream everyday while walking to school. One day she never made it to school, Dora was killed in a drive by.
Bianca got into an accident and ended up injured. She asked me to lend her some money since she has no insurance. A few days later, a friend told me that she faked the accident. He also mentioned that she does it in order to take money from others. Despite trying to tell Biana that she was lying, she denied it.
Joy was making baked chicken for dinner. While it was in the oven her best friend called. They talked and talked. After she hung up, she remembered her chicken. She rushed to the oven to find it was burned to a crisp.
James liked to write with pencil. He found one that was mechanical. It wrote so smoothly and erased very well. James swore he would never use a different kind of pencil again. He bought all of them that the store had.
Mark was learning lines for the role of a lunatic in an upcoming play. The role required Mark to grow a large, unwieldy beard. Mark's supervisor at work called him into his office. Mark's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home. They both had a good laugh when Mark explained why he looked so crazy.
Alice was moving to a new apartment. She was looking forward to decorating. She went to the store and bought some new home decor. When she got to her new apartment she started decorating. She loved the way things looked in her new apartment.
I tried to flush the toilet after using it. The toilet couldn't flush completely. Therefore, I tried to unclog it with a plunger. After flushing the toilet, it didn't flush again. I ended up calling my parents to handle the situation.
Courtney had been cooking all night. She had company coming over for Thanksgiving Dinner soon. She pulled the turkey out of the oven and saw that it was beautiful. The skin was a crispy brown color. Her grandfather eagerly took the best turkey leg when he sat down.
Judy was driving through her neighborhood. She noticed a fish fry being held at the park. Her stomach grumbled, so she decided to get out. At the party, she realized that the fish cost five dollars. Since she had no money, she had to leave.
The man found a bag on the ground. He looked inside. It was groceries. He brought them home. He made his wife dinner with them.
Jill came to the cafeteria to meet up with me. We were talking for a few minutes. A frisbee came out of nowhere and landed on her head. She stumbled to get up. Thankfully, the security guard caught the person who threw the frisbee
Paul wanted a bet. His mom was allergic to everything! She let him get a hermit crab. The crab was silly and fun to play with. Paul was happy that he finally had a pet.
Tony had moved into own apartment. He wanted to paint so he got the landlord's permission. Then he did whatever he wanted to. His paint job was sloppy but he liked it. Unfortunately this stopped his art from being better acclaimed.
Jane's family loved watching fireworks. They went out early on the fourth of July. The family was able to get great seats for the show. They were not disappointed in the least by the display. They started making plans for next year early.
Tom's roommates were short on their rent. Tom had to cover their parts. They said they would pay him back. Tom kept asking for the money. Eventually he had to kick them out.
Tommy always dreamed of being a cage fighter. He started out in traditional martial arts. He's now trying to make the transition. In his debut fight he won by way of close decision. He's now motivated to train harder and win better.
Allie woke up late. She was supposed to get the train. She had to worry. Finally she made it out. She just missed the train.
Linda was a new mother. She was still learning the tricks of being a mom. One day, she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby. She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom. Now Linda could take her shower without worry.
Jen always had wanted a good world atlas. She saw one on sale on a deal's site. Jen fumbled around for her credit card but couldn't find it. Then she remembered she'd left it in her purse. Jen got her credit card and bought the atlas she wanted.
Her child had developed a tic. He constantly made a sound in his throat. It annoyed everyone around him. They wanted to say be quiet but knew he couldn't help it. He had been diagnosed with autism, after all.
Vance went on a hike in the mountains near his home. On his way up, he ran across an abandoned campsite. He explored the campsite and found some leftover canned food. He ate some of the canned food but started feeling sick after. Vance came down with food poisoning and went home.
Jason had been practicing his moves. Terry had also been practicing his moves. The crowd cleared and the two stood in front of each other. The music started and they began an epic dance battle. They were both so good, no one could tell who won.
Jordan ran into his ex at a lounge. He hasn't seen her in four years. She looked more beautiful than ever. He remember how badly he hurt her. He decided to let her enjoy her time without seeing her.
Alicia wanted to go to Miami for her party. She invited all her friends to come join. The girls all had fun. Until Julie brought her boyfriend. The girls were mad because it was supposed to be a girls trip.
James wants his high school graduation party to be memorable. He decides to build a giant bonfire in his backyard. James clears wood and kindling for the fire. When he lights the fire, his friends are very impressed. He is happy that his graduation party had such a memorable hallmark.
The teacher dismissed the class after the bell rung. Dan was pulled over by Tanya, who sat next to him. She asked for his phone number and he ended up giving it to her. The next day, Tanya took Dan to an empty building in school. She asked him to go out on date with her.
Fran likes to give gifts. She is frugal throughout the whole year. But she really likes to go all out at Christmas. However, she doesn't like to go shopping. So instead she hands out wads of money to all of her loved ones.
Tom was picking up a friend. He put the address into his GPS. He hadn't been to his friend's house before. When he knocked the people there didn't know who he was. Tom had gone to the wrong house.
Bill was out one Friday afternoon and decided to go to a coffee shop. There, he ordered his favorite coffee drink, an iced caramel latte. He sat down to read a book, and he saw a man with the same book. They struck up a conversation about the book that lasted three hours. His name was Ted, and he was Bill's new best friend.
Susie got her credit card bill. When she looked at it she was confused. It was more than she thought. Then she noticed it was adding interest. Susie sighed and proceeded to just pay it.
Annie loved to eat healthily. Her favourite food was fruit. Unfortunately, she started to feel ill after eating apples. The same as true for her other favourite fruit, bananas. To her dismay, Annie had developed an intolerance to fruit.
When I got my new phone, I didn't know how to activate it. There were so many plan choices that I couldn't decide. I chose a median plan, hoping it would be a good choice. I applied it to my account and paid for it. I have been using it ever since.
The teacher announced that today was early release day. The class stayed in school until 11 in the morning and left. Since I didn't have much homework, I spent time with my friends. We visited the beach and played volleyball. When I came home, I went to sleep.
Lea, from Florida, was visiting her uncle in Minnesota. He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time. However, she had no idea their adventure would entail driving on ice. At the lake, she was startled as he drove his truck onto the ice. Her screaming didn't stop until he explained how thick the ice was.
Molly wanted a pair of fancy sandals from the store. Her mother told her that the sandals would probably hurt her feet. Molly insisted on getting them anyway. After three days, Molly had blisters all over her feet! She was sad and embarrassed she hadn't listened to her mother.
The puppy had a frisbee. It loved to play chase in the grass. It played with it's owner every day. One day the frisbee got stuck. The puppy pouted until a new frisbee was bought.
Tom was walking home. He found twenty bucks on the ground. Tom thought it was good luck. He decided to buy lottery tickets with it. Tom didn't win any more money.
Ed sat on the beach when a stranger appeared. The stranger told Ed he was here to rob him. Ed grabbed a handful of sand and threw it at him. The stranger stumbled backwards as he was blinded by sand. Ed stood up and ran away.
Bob is happily married. He brings home some flowers for his wife. While looking for his wife he sees her with another man. Bob throws the flowers down and leaves. Bob is heartbroken by his wife cheating.
Joe had worked for the same company for 23 years. He never expected to be waiting in the unemployment line. He and a number of others had been laid off the previous week. He hoped he would find a new job soon. But in the meantime he would have to rely on unemployment checks.
Will went to a lecture on a controversial subject. After the talk, they opened things up for a Q-and-A. Will approached the questioners' microphone. Will asked the speaker a very tough question. The speaker was stunned and stumped by Will's insight.
Susie got a few tattoos last week. All the sudden she got sick. She went to the doctor. The doctor told her she had to take antibiotics. So she walked out with a prescription.
Carolyn heard her doorbell from the couch in her living room. She answered the door to find a group of small children. They began to sing a Christmas carol to Carolyn. Carolyn was moved by the holiday jingles. She pledged money to the children for their spirit.
Freddy has to take a test he didn't study for. He looks at his friends test. The teacher spots him cheating. The teacher calls him out. He is given a zero.
Jim and his friend were hiking through the woods. Unfortunately, they saw a huge grizzly bear in the distance. Jim and his friend stood close to each other. They walked slowly away from the direction of the grizzly bear. They exited out of the woods and breathed a sigh of relief.
Kate found a pair of shoes she liked online. She was surprised they were so cheap. She bought them immediately. When they arrived they looked different and cheap. They fell apart within weeks.
The family planned their first trip to Universal Studios. They were excited to go on all the rides. They saw a lot of the characters. They spent three days in the park. They were sad to come home.
I went to the supermarket to buy some food. For the checkout I wanted to use the express lane. I had more than the allowed amount of items. To solve this I hid some cheese in my pocket. I was able to use the express line without any suspicion.
Roger is a hiking enthusiast. One day while hiking, Roger came across a bear. That day Roger had forgotten to bring his bear spray with him. He ran away and went straight home. Roger will never forget to bring his bear spray with him on a hike.
Yesterday my girlfriend tried to setup a bluetooth speaker. It kept not wanting to work. She kept messing with the settings. Eventually she got it working. Now she listens to music on it all the time.
I have a jar on my dresser. Every time I get a coin, I put it in the jar. It started off totally empty. Now, it is full of coins. Seeing all those coins makes me proud of myself for saving them.
Amy was four years old, and her dad wanted to teach her to read. He would sit Amy on his lap, and read to her from National Geographic. Amy quickly learned to identify individual words. Before long, Amy could read complete sentences. When Amy finally went to school, she was the best reader in her class.
Greg was nervous about batting in baseball. He practiced a lot to get better. At his next game, he stepped up to the plate. He was ready to score. He hit the ball and scored a point!
Kara was grilling several chicken breasts. She left the grill to put on sunscreen. When she returned, the chicken was burned. It ended up turning into hard pieces. She immediately took it out of the grill, but threw it away.
Will was moving away for college. Much of the day was spent packing old belongings and mementos. It was a day of a lot of reflection and introspection. Will was going to miss his old neighborhood and friends. It was time to start early adulthood.
The skaters got onto the ice. It was their last chance for a medal. They began their routine. The couple nailed every move flawlessly. The scores were announced and they had won gold!
Little Billy wanted a play house. His father would not build him one. Little Billy found a large box. He fabricated a play house out of the box and some Mega Bloks. Finally, Little Billy had a play house.
Andrew got a new HD TV a week ago. He could afford the TV but not a blu ray player. But Andrew had enough money to buy one. So he bought a fancy one with a surround sound speaker. Andrew loved his new blu ray speaker.
Jack was on his way to violin practice when he saw a cat. The cat was small and had tabby colored fur . Jack reached down to pet the cat. The cat became frightened and ran away. Jack felt sad that the cat left so quickly.
Mindy was forty pounds overweight. She constantly ate fast food and enjoyed soda. She knew the 20th high school reunion was soon approaching. Mindy cut down on the fast food and lost 20 pounds shortly. She was overjoyed with how she looked for the reunion.
James wanted a new puppy. He went to the adoption center to find one. All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute. James finally picked a black and white puppy. James took the puppy home.
Tia was an artist. She was painting a picture. Tia left her paint on the table while she went to the restroom. Her cat jumped onto the table. The cat walked past and knocked the paint onto the painting.
Bob was very nervous. It was his first day preaching at his new church. He introduced himself and began his sermon. The congregation was welcoming and friendly. Soon, Bob felt right at home.
Ben was carrying his lunch tray to the table. Sam bumped into him. Both of their trays fell on the floor. Sam was mad and punched Ben. He fell and landed on the food.
Zora studied the geometry of spiders' webs. She drew sketches of what she saw. When she'd collected Year's worth of them, she published a book. Many people were interested in buying it. Zora retired and spent the rest of her life making a spider garden.
Artie wanted a new pair of shoes for his birthday. His grandmother gave him forty dollars for his gift. Artie got his mom to drive him to the mall. Artie went to the shoe store in the mall. Artie used the money from his grandmother to buy shoes.
Jim thought he was good with rhyming. His friends suggest he take up rapping. Jim wrote a rap. Everyone thought it crummy. Jim decided never to take the advice of his friends.
Lyndie was ready to become a mother. She had waited 9 months for this day. The day came and she was ready to deliver. Lyndie pushed and strained through 10 hours of labor. Lyndie finally got her baby boy she always wanted.
Josh wanted to get into gardening. He learned everything he could about the topic. Josh dedicated a half acre plot of land to his new garden. He planted several different crops. His new garden flourished.
Bob is recently divorced. Bob hasn't been happy lately. He decides to go out and meet someone new. He meets a girl at a bar. He falls in love with her and marries her.
No one likes to hang around Richard. Richard was a rude jerk. He was critical of people and spoke to them rudely. Richard decided to try and be nicer. He worked for a whole week to give compliments to his coworkers.
Tom was out with friends. They were going into a bar. Tom was stopped by the bouncer. His license was expired. They didn't let him in.
The teacher assigned us to a partner for an assignment. I introduced myself to my partner and asked her for her name. She told me that she has a boyfriend and wasn't interested. I immediately had a bad impression and requested another partner. My friend was kind enough to switch partners.
The last thing Jen remembered was picking up the hitchhiker. Now she was strapped to a hard steel gurney. Jen realized she could feel her face. Her kidnapper held up her skin he'd cut off it. Jen began to scream, and didn't stop.
It was late at night and Dustin was driving his rig. It was probably about 1 in the morning when he came around that curve. Lying upside down in a ditch was a sedan. He stopped, jumped out, and ran over to help. If he hadn't been there that night the girl might have died.
An old man walked into our classroom. He introduced himself and said that he was a substitute for today. The class was boring since we couldn't talk and had to work quietly. Eventually, the substitute started to complain about being here. All of the classmates ignored him.
Jim started a small hardware store. He had very little customers at first. Two years later, his customer base grew into several thousand people. He decided to open a couple of new locations. Ten years later, Jim has opened a total of 20 hardware stores.
Sam was feeling overwhelmed in school. He had a lot of homework to do and tests to study for. His friend offered to help him study. Together, they were able to finish the work. Sam was thankful to his friend for the help.
One day Eleanor got a pet guinea pig. She named it Stanley. She brought Stanley home and put him in his cage. Stanley loved the cage. He was a good guinea pig.
Sarah built her own lemonade stand. However, when she tried to sell it, no one would buy it. She asked her father what she was doing wrong. He told her that she was charging too much for a glass of lemonade. Now she lowered her price and is making a lot of money.
One night Eileen was woken by a sharp cracking sound. She rose from her bed, terrified, and went to investigate. She found broken glass on the floor by her broken window. Someone had chucked a big rock through the window! Eileen had to call the police and file a criminal report.
Horace decides he would like to get out of his house. He goes on a walk in his local park. At the park he sees a beautiful yellow bird. Horace has had a nice walk. He is glad that he left the house.
Hailey loves her dog very much. Today she brought her dog to the park. Her dog loved the park and played fetch with a stick. Her dog ran around in circles with joy. Hailey decided that from then on she would take her dog more often.
Kandace made her way through the garden. Her girlfriend told her to meet her here. She stood by the roses. Her girlfriend stood behind her. Then she got on one knee.
The boys were walking in the woods. They found a bridge going across the river. They crept across the creaky bridge. As soon as they crossed, the bridge broke! They had no idea how they would get home.
Dana was working at a restaurant. She was giving food to her friends for free. A customer complained about Dana. The manager began to watch Dana. Dana lost a job.
Wright loved to clean his home. One day after a very big party, the house was very messy. There was even pizza on the roof. Wright took almost three days to clean it. After cleaning the house, he was satisfied.
Wes called in sick to work. He stayed at home drinking all day. He stayed up to late at night. He woke up late for work the next day. His boss fired him when he finally got to work.
One day I was standing in the checkout line at Kmart. I began smelling smoke and started looking around. Other people could smell it too,but I was the only one concerned. So I started to follow the smell of smoke and walk around the store. I entered the garden section and saw a pile of dried leaves on fire!
Krissy lost her boyfriend to Sarah. Sarah always flaunted it. She would tease Krissy endlessly. One day Krissy snapped and attacked Sarah. They got into a fight and Sarah was seriously hurt.
Rita loved hiking. Her last trip took a bad turn though. She and her friends ran into a black bear. They had to scare it away. Now she seems much more uneasy about hiking.
Curtis went to a business convention. After the meetings were over, Curtis got bored. He went to a club to see some bands that played late into the night. Curtis overslept the next morning. He missed an important meeting at the convention.
Gene went for a walk in the woods behind his house to gather kindling. When he got home, he couldn't find his glasses anywhere. He checked his pockets and then retraced his steps in the woods. It started to get dark and he still hadn't found his glasses. When he got home, he realized they were on his head the whole time.
Kelly was excited to spend dinner with her boyfriend. It was their anniversary night. The two went to the new restaurant in town. They both had a blast. Kelly was glad they went.
Van hadn't shaved in months. His bear was big and gnarly. He was very proud of his facial hair. He took good care of it. Van decided he would continue to grow it out!
Cindy wanted her own puppy very much. She asked her mother if she could have one. Her mother told her to save her money and work hard for one. Cindy finally had saved up enough money with smart budgeting. The next day she went to the pet store and got her puppy.
Haley and her family moved across the country. She was so sad to leave home. She was very unhappy in their new town. Her mom made her go out and meet kids. She quickly made some new friends.
My car was in the shop. I got a loaner from the dealer for several days. I actually liked the loaner more than my car. I joked with my wife that maybe they'd just keep my car. But on the way to get my car, the loaner broke down.
Laney was interested in purchasing a home. She called her bank and was approved for a loan. She also found a realtor to work with her through the process. Together they found a gorgeous home on the beach. She fell in love with it and purchased the home.
Jimmy had purchased a used car off of Craigslist. The interior was excellent, but the engine was running poorly. Jimmy went to his local junk yard to scour for used parts. He found an engine that was the exact model as the one in his car. Jimmy replaced the engine and his car ran like it was brand new.
Andrea was going camping. She bought all the items needed for s'mores. When she got to the campsite, she unpacked it all. The marshmallows were totally smooshed. Andrea decided s'mores were a bad idea.
I inflated over 10 balloons for the party. One of my kids popped one and scared all of the other kids. Another kid took one and started hitting another kid. I decide that maybe I should move the balloons away from the kids. Moving the balloons helped.
Amanda had just found out that she was pregnant. She started noticing the morning sickness right away. She tried everything to help, but nothing worked. Then, her sister told her that her secret was peppermint tea. Amanda tried it and it helped her so well.
Tim hated fish. He never ate whenever his dad cooked it. His dad always steamed it. One day his dad friend the fish instead of steaming it. After that, Tim loved fish.
I went to the dirt bike track one day. I bought a trailer and a four wheeler. I unloaded the four wheeler and put on my helmet. I rode through the track and had fun. I went back to the trailer and went back home.
Jane loved her book very much. She tried to keep it clean by leaving it at the highest shelf. She rarely touched the book. One day, the roof started to leak onto the shelf. Jane's book was ruined and she was very sad.
Paul wanted to go to college but didn't know his major. He did research based on his hobbies and skills. He found that he really liked computers and fixing hardware. He found a college with a great electrical engineering program as well His entire family was proud that he was finally going to college.
Luke was new to the area. He needed religious supplies for his house. He located the nearest botanica. They had an assortment of items which were needed. Luke now has his supplies for his home.
Pam asked Gordon where the electric box for the house was. Gordon had to call the seller because he didn't know the answer. The seller finally returned Gordon's call and told him where it was. Gordon beckoned for Pam to follow him into the bathroom. They both were surprised to find it under the sink, in the cabinet.
Jack liked to cook his family breakfast. He mashed some bananas into the pancake batter. That step made them even more delicious! He cooked it every Saturday morning. His family loved this tradition.
John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark. They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods. After erecting their tent, John and Mark bedded down for the night. Mark bolted up, saying he heard a scary animal lurking outside. At that moment, a skunk walked right into their tent.
Tim went outside. He left the door open by accident. A bunch of flies flew in. Tim wasn't able to get rid of them for a while. He made sure to always close the door after that.
Tony was home for the holiday dinner. His family sat around the dining table sharing life updates. Suddenly Tony's sister wanted to give a speech. In it she announced that she was gay. Everyone was happy for her being able to be honest with them.
A young lady was waiting in the Financial Aid Office. After 20 minutes, an adult walked in. However, he was able to see a representative immediately. Knowing this, the young lady got furious. She threw a chair across the room and left.
My new favorite youtube musician is Nicky. I discovered him last week. His songs were innovative and funny. I sat there and listened to him all day long. I decided to buy his albums when they are released.
Rally's girlfriend was receiving texts at odd times. Rally was worried and curious. While she was in the shower, he went through her phone. He felt like the biggest idiot. She had been planning a surprise birthday party for him.
Rich was a musician. He made a few hit songs. Rich had a lot of fans who cared about him. He developed cancer. Eventually the cancer took his life and rich was gone.
I've always liked collecting stamps. There are a lot of unique designs. Last week my cousin gave me one I'd never seen before. I've been studying it for days. Until I realized he made it himself, that trickster.
Dan was not feeling well at work. He could feel gas build up in his stomach. He could tell that he was going to fart at any second. Dan gave a quick look around the office for people. When he knew he was alone, And let out a mighty fart.
Sam sat down at his desk to do some accounting. He felt that the numbers did not add up and something was wrong. There appeared to be a lot inventory and profits missing. At first Sam thought it was an accounting error typo. The more he thought, the more he suspected a thief.
Will wanted to go for a hike. He went into the desert for a bit. Soon, he came across the border to Mexico. Will decided he shouldn't cross that border. He had no choice but to turn back.
I got badly burned. I went to the beach when it happened. At first I did not feel it. Then hours later I cried. It was unbearable.
Sharon recently lost her pet cat due to old age. She was very sad, but decided she wanted to adopt another kitty. Over the weekend she went to the animal shelter. She fell in love with a little orange tabby and named him Cheddar. She took the kitty home and he is now part of the family.
I sneezed as I woke up this morning. I knew immediately that something was not right. By the time I made it out of the shower I was coughing. I went right back to bed. I need to rest and get better.
Sophie took piano lessons with renowned piano teacher. However, she was starting to get sick of how harsh her teacher was. Her teacher was never happy with her performance. Sophie decided to quit taking piano lessons. Now Sophie plays piano on her own and enjoys it much more.
Candy's daughter returned from school. Her daughter was hungry. Candy didn't want to spoil the girl's appetite. She gave her daughter an apple to snack on. Candy served her daughter dinner a few hours later.
I went to the movies last night. I ran into my friend John there. John had already seen the movie. He told me what happened at the end. We decided to go out for a drink instead.
Tom had a cat. He decided to get another one. The two cats didn't get along. Tom tried his best to get them to live together. It never worked and he had to get rid of one.
My sister in law is very frugal. At barbeques, everyone is given only one hot dog or hamburger. Sunday she came by to visit. She brought apples for or family of five. There were exactly five apples in the bag.
My dad builds an ice rink in our backyard and I had my birthday on it. After playing hockey for awhile we started jumping off into snowbanks. After I jumped I felt a sharp pain and realized I had a head wound. I went to the emergency room and got one stitch. The party had ended but I finished my day opening presents.
Fred turned 16 and wanted a driver's license. Fred's older brother offered to teach him to drive. During their first lesson, Fred almost hit a fire hydrant. Fred also nearly ran over a pedestrian while trying to text. Fred's brother ended the lessons that day.
I used to hate the color yellow. It reminded me of sticky notes. One day I saw a yellow car. It was very nice. Now I love the color yellow because of the hot girl in the car!
Kasey the Junebug could not find his parents. His mom told him to stay put but he had wandered off. Now he was alone at the grocery store crying. Suddenly he heard his mom calling his name. He knew that next time he would listen and stay put.
Rex was the meanest dog on the block. He was a big, black Doberman who all the kids were scared of. One day, Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street. Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise. He grabbed the bird and swallowed it, to the horror of all the kids.
Dan's friends invited him out for drinks at the bar. Dan, however, was tired from work and wanted to leave. Dan decided he would go home instead of staying at the bar. Dan's friends were disappointed that he was leaving. In fact, Dan's friends called him a Party Pooper.
One day a little went out with his lunch. A man said give me your lunch. The little gave it to him. The man told a multitude of people to sit down. All the people were feed from that little boy's lunch.
Joe climbed high into the apple tree when he heard an ominous crack. The branch beneath his feet rocked and swayed. He grabbed the branch above just as the lower branch gave way. Clinging tightly, he shouted for his sister to bring the ladder. Safely down, he saw mushrooms on the trunk, warning of a rotten tree.
Robin tricked Doug into marrying her by getting pregnant. Doug divorced Robin because he loved Tracy. Tracy married Doug because they were in love. Doug found out that Tracy slept with Mr Washington. Mr Washington and Robin's baby died under mysterious circumstances.
Mark was a teacher. He had planned a test today for his students. Mark forgot the exam at his house. He had to postpone the test. Most of the students were happy.
Gina was taking a weekend trip with her family. She booked a hotel in advance and arrived that night at the hotel. Her room was on the 18th floor of the building. She was afraid of heights but she had little choice for the room. She did not look out the window the whole trip.
Mary was walking down her school hallway. She accidentally bumped into a frail girl and knocked coffee over her. The girl fled with tears in her eyes. Mary felt absolutely atrocious for the accident. She followed the girl, apologized, and offered to be her friend.
Joe invited his family to a dinner at his new house. He cleaned the whole house and it looked nice. Joe cooked a very nice meal. His family arrived and they loved his new house. They also loved the food he cooked.
A man wins a six million dollar lottery in Oregon. He bought the ticket through a proxy. They allow the man to remain anonymous because he is from Iraq. Revealing his ID would put him at high risk. They send the man his money.
Sally hated high school. She went to the guidance office. She told them she wanted to drop out. They told her she couldn't since she wasn't yet 16. Sally was livid!
I wanted to see a new movie that was coming out. I went to the theaters on the opening day. To my surprise, it was not packed. I bought a ticket and some snacks and went inside. I sat down at a good seat and enjoyed the whole movie.
Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC. They were old playing cards, such as the 2 of clubs, or 3 of spades. One day she found the king of hearts. Not long after that, she found the queen of hearts. This made Maria very happy, as she felt it was a good sign!
Luke asked if he could have some ice cream before dinner. His mother said yes, but it couldn't spoil his appetite. Luke got a small bowl and filled it up. After he was done, he decided to have another, and then another. Luke ate five bowls, and then couldn't eat his dinner.
Val drove her car down a steep hill. Her brakes did not seem to slow her down at all. Val had to steer into a parked car to slow her down. The two cars crashed together in a loud bang. This was enough to bring Val's car to a stop.
Amber wanted to go to college. She was graduating soon. She did not take high school serious. Her grades were terrible. She knew she would not be accepted to a good college.
Mary had a big family with nine brothers and sisters. She was tired of never having any time alone. Sometimes Mary wished she was an only child! When she got older, she realized that it was good to not be alone. She would always have nine best friends to be there for her.
Kay was a great poet and had an ear for music. Her family encouraged her to be a singer. But Kay was abashed, and she said she was much too shy! After long thought, she found the perfect compromise. She became a songwriter and her words helped others!
Mandy opened the car door. She sat down in the seat. Gary came out and started to close Mandy's door. Mandy reached out to close the door at the same time. Mandy's finger got smashed in the door.
Dave wanted to buy a guitar. He went to guitar center. He asked the worker what guitar he would recommend. Dave tried the ibanez electric guitar. He liked how it felt and bought it.
When I was out for a jog, I saw a duck wandering along the road. I tried to pick it up, but it ran away from me. I later overheard my neighbor lamenting about his lost duck. When I went over to tell him about the duck, he was overjoyed. I showed him where I had seen the duck, but it was no longer there.
Sandy was hosting lunch for her family's Thanksgiving dinner. She had forgotten to defrost the turkey. There was no way that she could cook the turkey in time. Sandy quickly defrosted a couple of chickens. Sandy cooked the chickens for dinner instead.
I have a big collection of cups that I just made bigger. I have been shopping online to find cups from Disney characters. I purchased a mug with Ariel on it. I put it on the shelf next to a Snow white cup. I plan to get a few more this weekend.
We had a new concierge for the 3 to 11 pm shift. Joe was quiet and looked tough. He took a lot of breaks, and was not at his desk often. He also did not like to record incoming deliveries. After receiving a lot of complaints, the management fired Joe.
Kia had been excited when she discovered her mom was having a baby. She was thrilled to have a little brother or sister! Her parents wouldn't tell her the gender, saying it was a surprise. When they returned from the hospital, Kia was indeed surprised. She had TWIN siblings - a brother AND a sister!
Mike was in the final wrestling match. His opponent was very tough. They grappled back and forth. Mike saw an opening and made a move. He pinned him and won the match.
Mary needed to borrow her boyfriend's credit card. She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one. Most of the items were unnecessary clothing. When her boyfriend received the credit card bill, he got furious. He didn't allow Mary to borrow his card again until she pays him back.
Dylan had ordered a video game online. It arrived one day in the mail. He immediately tried to play it. When it began loading, the game froze. Nothing he did could get it to load, the game was broken.
Jim was fixing a shelf. He asked his girlfriend to help. She didn't know much about tools. He asked her for a flat head screwdriver but she got the wrong one. Jim decided to finish without her help.
When Flo turned ten her mom started giving her a weekly allowance. But she also gave Flo a list of chores. Flo was okay with everything except doing dishes - she hated that! But soon she learned how to handle the dish-washing task effectively. She did that chore first to get it out of her way quickly!
Nola was training her new puppy to pee on puppy pads. At first it was a disaster. The puppy peed all over the house! But soon he learned right from wrong. After a few more weeks, Nola had him fully trained.
Jake was frustrated from work. He decided to go for a walk at night. The air was crisp and the weather was calm. Jake walked around relaxed for an hour. It really helped him feel better.
Linda wanted to save money. So she bought cheap laundry detergent. But after she washed her clothes, they didn't smell clean. At work, someone told her she smelled like chemicals. Linda felt really cheap.
Kara's hair was getting long. She decided to get a haircut. When she got to the salon she sat down. When the hairdresser was done with her, Kara looked in the mirror. The haircut was awful.
Yesterday, I went shopping for new shoes. Shoes were very cheap when I was young. I noticed that they have become very expensive. I had to go to the bank and get out more money. Now I have enough money to buy some shoes.
Jill is working on a spreadsheet. Jill is having some problems with the document. Jill reaches out to her new co-worker Bill. Bill is able to help Jill fix the issue. Jill is excited to have made a connection with Bill.
Amy was a cashier at Marshall's She worked hard and was nice to the customers. Amy made it a point to ask how the customers day was going. One day a lady told Amy's boss she was a great worker. Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress.
Devan wanted to watch a romantic movie with her boyfriend Clint. Clint did not want to watch a girly movie. Devan convinced Clint to watch the movie with her. They sat down with popcorn to watch the movie. When the movie was over, Clint was crying.
Cam was making a display for his class about the sky. He took a big sheet of blue paper to use as the background. He then found a lot of yellow papers and began to cut. He cut the yellow paper in the shapes of stars. All the starts were then aligned to form constellations.
I accidentally burned myself one day. I was pan-frying some chicken and accidentally touched the pan. The burn wasn't that bad but hurt a lot. I ran it under cold water right away. Now I have a scare from it but it no longer hurts!
Chica was the new girl at the restaurant. She just started working there. She tried making some friends. But unfortunately they were not nice to her. Chica was upset she was alone.
Larry moved into a new apartment. It was close to train tracks. The trains were louder than Larry anticipated. They kept him up at night. He moved out as soon as his lease was up.
I had a great time. There were plenty of people there. I had to find skates that fit. It was cold inside. This was at the ice rink.
Alaina went on a hike with her friend. They brought their deaf dog with them. But all of the sudden she lost her dog. She couldn't call it because it was blind. Alaina really freaked out because of it and didn't find it.
Kim was constantly late for work. Her boss told her she would be fired if it kept up. Kim did research and looked up better sleeping habits. She set different alarms and went to sleep earlier. Kim was able to get to work on time.
Stephen wanted to eat a banana. He went to the store to buy the banana. He found one that he liked. He bought the banana. He ate it on his way home.
Lily's wanted a fish tank just like her friend had. Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish. Lily wasn't satisfied because her friend's fish were much bigger. Lily dumped the box of fish food in the tank so they'd grow. The next day, Lily had to replace the fatally overfed fish.
Betsy had a messy house. She started to lose things more often and called her family for help. Her family arrived and couldn't believe how messy she let it get. They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away. When they were done, Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean.
Ike needed an idea for his science fair. He thought of what he could do to impress people. Then he decided on the perfect project. Ike built a volcano that exploded real ketchup! He did a great job and won first prize in the science fair!
Mark's school was having a science fair. Mark entered his volcano into the fair. Mark's friend, Shane, entered a bigger and better volcano. Shane won first prize. Mark vowed to work harder to win the prize next year.
Tania owned a holiday home in Spain. She would rent it out whenever she didn't use it. One year, she flew out for holiday and to check the property. It had been weeks since she last rented it, but the place was dirty. Tania knew that her cleaner had lied about going there last week.
Jen went out on her first date. It was the cutest thing. She was so nervous about everything. I cannot believe how big she is getting. Soon she will be getting married.
Kelly wanted to try the new Asian restaurant that opened up. She took her sister and the two went to try it. They ordered the most expensive dishes on the menu. To their delight the food was wonderful. The girls definitely would go back.
I tried out for the baseball team at my high school. I didn't make the team though which was disappointing. The coach said that I need to work on my swing. I have been working hard for months now and I'm getting better. My plan is to try out again next season and make the team.
The boy found a wheelchair. He acted like he was crippled. He asked for change. His dad saw him do it. His dad made him give back the change.
My teacher gave me a paper to write. I completely forgot about it. I had to pull an all nighter to get it done in time. I was able to do it. However, I was so tired and fell asleep in class.
Jimmy went to lunch with his boss for the first time. Jimmy's boss wanted to have sushi. Jimmy was terrified at the thought of eating raw fish. He let his boss order for him since he didn't know what to eat. He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss wasn't looking.
One day Alana and her friends had a bubble-blowing contest. Alana blew the biggest bubbles. She won a milkshake. She loved it. Everyone had fun.
When I was in high school, I took a class in woodworking. One day, my teacher said that I would be using a lathe. I decided to turn out a baseball bat. I worked for several hours on the bat. In the end, the bat looked great and I got a good grade.
Aaron was coming home from a football game. He hears a loud noise coming from his car. He pulled over to see what was wrong. He pops his hood and smoke flies everywhere. He called for help and waited to get picked up.
Gina had her wedding today. Her mom wanted to have a talk with her. She isolated herself from everyone. When Gina heard the idea of a prenup from her mom, she became mad. She tried to ignore her and decided to return to her husband.
My family and I decided to take a trip to the Magical Kingdom. We excitedly packed our bags and hit the road to Florida. Once we entered the first park, disappointment quickly set in. Each attraction line was well over an hour wait in the hot sun. We decided that would be the last time we visited Disney World.
Anna was digging in the sand box one day. Suddenly a little boy came over and stole her shovel! Anna wanted to cry, but she kept a cool head. She told her mom, who found the boy and his mother. Soon Anna had her shovel back!
We went to our building's summer party last week. The staff took photos. They announced the photos would be up on Facebook. I did not see any photos all week. They said they had technical issues and would post photos soon.
Bill bought a used car in January. At first, he was quite please with it. He did not know the car had been submerged in a flood. When the heat of summer came, the car began to smell terrible. Bill learned to never buy a used car during the winter.
I couldn't stop thinking about food. I hadn't eaten all day long. All I could do was think about making dinner. I finally got home and started cooking. I had to struggle not to eat too much that night.
Larry was feeling really sluggish this morning. He decided that he needed some caffeine. Larry scoured the kitchen until he saw some coffee. He poured himself a cup and began to drink. The caffeine kicked in and he started feeling a lot better.
I had to go to the bathroom. So I told my friends I would meet them up later. I walked all the way to the long path. It took me a mile. Then I realized a shorter way was there and I felt rather stupid.
I decided I wanted to adopt a cat. I went to the cat shelter, and one cute cat bit my hand. I walked away from that cat and played with several others. I revisited the first cat and she seemed very sweet. After playing with her for a while, I decided to adopt her after all.
Harris collects shoes. He has them all throughout his house. One day, his house started to smell bad. It was one of his shoes! He threw it away.
Brandy begged her parents to go to the fair. They told her it was too expensive. So brandy washed cars to earn money for the fair. Brandy used her money to to the fair. Brandy had a great time at the fair.
Marty came home to a bat in the house. He's hysterical thinking the bat may be rabid. He shuts the bat in a room while he calls an exterminator. The exterminator controls the situation. Marty had a peaceful night sleep.
In the sixth grade I did poorly on the end of grade test. That summer I decided to make myself smarter. I spent every day in my dad's library, reading. The books were way above my head, and stretched me greatly. The following school year I got all A's.
Anna didn't know how to do multiplication. At school everyone else knew how to multiply except her. She decided to make her own multiplication cards. She studied on her own and memorized multiplication. When she took her math test she got an A!
When Wendy's friend got married, she had a perfect accessory for her. Something old, borrowed, and blue in one were her heirloom earrings. Vintage jewelry was high style, and the bride was excited by the loan. Seeing her grandmother's blue earrings on the big day was emotional. Wendy knew her grandmother lived on through sharing their beauty.
Maria's boyfriend pulled into the driveway. He got out of his car and walked up to her. Her boyfriend asked why she was sitting outside. Maria explained that she locked the keys in the house. Maria's boyfriend laughed at her, and unlocked the door.
Whenever my baseball team won a game, our coach bought us ice cream. We had never lost a game before, and so always had ice cream. Then one day, we lost badly to a semi-professional team. We were sad, but our coach took us to buy ice cream anyway. I'm happy our coach gave us ice cream and I hope we don't lose again.
It was 6 AM when Gina and her family arrived in Minnesota. Gina was happy to be back home. She had slept most of the way back home. And now she was wide awake. Gina was in such high spirits she decided to go to school.
Laura and I wanted to go to the state fair. We were both going to go as a date, but we had to include friends. She didn't have any other days to go, so we couldn't go alone. When we went with her friends we had a good time. I spent a lot of money on food but it was worth it!
Dave was a bully and picked on his classmates. Even when he became an adult, he still acted like a bully. He'd boss his coworkers around, threatening them if they talked back. One night, he got drunk at the neighborhood bar. He mouthed off to the wrong guy, and the guy beat him up.
Bob is playing with his kids. He is training them to be better at baseball. Suddenly he grabs his chest. He falls to the ground. An ambulance comes and takes him to the hospital for his heart attack.
Kate's mom didn't want the basement windows open. She could feel the cold air from the basement in the kitchen. Kate put a towel at the bottom of the door to keep the cold out. She opened the windows in the basement again. Her mother never knew she had opened the windows again.
Charles wanted to see the new action movie. He invited Lucy to the movie. They went to the movie on Friday night. Charles enjoyed the movie. Lucy enjoyed her time with Charles.
Jack decides to head to the local Chinese Buffet. Jack enjoys his chicken dinner. Jack comes home and lays on the couch. Jack starts to feel a tremble in his stomach. Jack races to the bathroom to relieve himself of the bad food.
A family moved to town. They were Amish! The other residents weren't sure what to talk to them about. The Amish were polite but kept to themselves. The two groups ever mingled.
Amy was an aspiring painter. She had made a lot of small paintings but wanted something great. She decided to spend a lot of time on one big painting. For weeks she would slowly add to the painting. Finally, it was done, and it came out great.
Jo had a favorite pair of name brand shoes. He had worn them all through eighth grade. He planned to wear them for luck on the first day of high school. But when he tried them on he got a shock. Jo had outgrown his lucky shoes - they didn't fit!
Mike loves spaghetti and often eats it. Mike ate spaghetti yesterday with his mom. Last night Mike got sick last night. He ended up vomiting most the night. Mike won't eat spaghetti for awhile.
Betty loved to go to the dock. She loved the aroma of the wilderness. One day, she decided she would go to another dock. She traveled over 50 miles. Finally, Betty arrived at the bigger dock and had a lot of fun.
A man played ping pong for the first time. He loved how fun the game was. He practiced everyday with his friends. He eventually became really good. Ping pong became a lifetime hobby and source of joy in his life.
Last week George was in a pretty bad car crash. His car is newer and has lots of safety features. Surprisingly he came out with not many injuries. He just had a broken nose. The airbag hit him too hard.
May's granddaughter Lucy was giving her major attitude. Lucy sat in the car with her arms crossed waiting on May. May didn't like the way the girl was acting. May told Lucy to go to her room because the outing was cancelled. Lucy sat staring at May with shocked look on her face.
Andy liked to tease Bo about his fear of going in the water. Bo was trying to impress Judy at the beach and Andy was chiding him. So Bo decided to face his fear and decided to swim out to the atoll. Judy and Andy watched as Bo slowly started to sink into the waves. Andy rushed to save Bo but it was too late and Bo was never seen again.
Jerry was taking pictures in the woods. Suddenly, he got lost. It was getting dark so he panicked. He ended up making it out. He was really relieved.
I went to the airport yesterday. As I was hungry, I looked for food. I stopped at a bagel place. To my dismay, the bagel was five dollars. I could not believe the obscene price.
Carol was home visiting her family for the holidays. She asked her family if they would want to go caroling. Her family were all busy doing their own things. Carol told them it would be good to spend time together. Her and her family went caroling and had a great time.
Chris was sick so he went to the hospital. They admitted him, but the only room was in the Pediatric Ward. The nurse assured him there were no other patients in the wing. That night Chris heard a baby crying and got scared. The nurse laughed about it because she forgot there was one baby there.
Grace had been learning French for years! She wanted to book a holiday to France to test her language skills. She booked two weeks in Paris and was quite nervous about it. When she went she found she was able to talk to people really easily. Grace has already booked another holiday to France for next year!
The pizza delivery had to make a lot of deliveries tonight. He loaded up his car with 10 boxes of pizza. As he got to his first house he realized he forgot the drinks. He raced back to grab them. He was able to make all the deliveries on time even with the delay.
Every summer my cousins would come over and we camp in the backyard. After a long night of play we crawled into the tent to go to sleep. I got into my sleeping bag and began to drift to sleep. Then I was frightened by something banging on the tent and growling. Then the tent unzipped and we could see my Uncle laughing at us.
Alex really believed whatever anyone told him. From lies to pranks, he fell for them all. He decided that enough was enough. In one case, someone asked him to open the door when the knob was hot. He said no and gleefully walked away proud of himself.
Katie was really bad at math. One day she asked her best friend Tom to tutor her. She practiced everyday and grew to love math. She earned all A's. She got better grades than Tom and tutored him the next yea.
Kat loved to take her little parrot outside for walks. The parrot loved to be outside too. His favorite thing was to sit on a branch and feel the wind. One day a hawk swooped down and Kat had to beat it off with a stick. The hawk flew away empty handed.
Marvin spent all day pheasant hunting. Marvin saw only two roosters all day, but he missed them both. On his way home Marvin saw a dead rooster pheasant on the roadside. He stopped and picked up the bird. He told his friends he shot the bird.
Jane ran out of her favorite dental floss. She went to the drugstore. They didn't have it. She couldn't find it online either. Turns out, they stopped making it!
Joan was going to the corner market to pick up some bananas. She brought two dollars with her. While walking to the store Joan found a quarter on the street. When she got to the store she realized the price had been increased. Joan felt very lucky because the new price was twenty cents higher.
The kids were supposed to do chores every day. Their parents had made a list. One day, Jack forgot. He was grounded for a week. Jack never forgot his chores again!
I wanted to build a fire. I retrieved firewood from the forest. I arranged the wood into a teepee. I lit the top of the log pile on fire. I sat by the fire all night.
Kandi went out every night to bars and clubs with her friends. She was trying to meet the right guy to spend her life with. Then, finally, she realized she was looking in the wrong places. She began going to bookstores and other places she enjoyed. There, finally, she began to meet men who seemed right for her!
Mary wanted to start a walking plan but did not know how to begin. She went online and researched walking for exercise. She spoke with a trainer at the YMCA who helped her write a plan. Mary started out walking one block per day, for one week. By the end of the month, she was walking four blocks.
Kate's class had gotten pet caterpillars. Kate thought they were gross. But watching and tending them was part of her grade. She did so reluctantly at first. But after awhile she realized they were kind of cute.
Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off. He decided to make his grandpa's old family recipe. He went to the store and bought the ingredients. Jerome spent a full day perfecting the chili. He got up early the next morning and drove to the cook off.
A janitor was called to a classroom to change a light bulb. He got on a ladder and took off the cover of the light. As soon as he touched the bulb it went on. The janitor said that it must have been loose and not dead. He put his ladder away and left the classroom.
Rachel desperately wanted cake. She checked the cupboards, which were empty. She decided to go to the shop and buy some cake. The shop had no cake in stock. To this day, Rachel wants that cake.
I ran the office Superbowl football pool. There were four winners, at $250 each. It was customary to tip the organizer $50. A new person in the office did not tip me. He was ostracized until he came up with the tip.
Dan wanted to invite his son, Ryan and his family for Thanksgiving. Dan called Ryan and his wife and asked them to bring the kids along. But Ryan had already planned a trip to Italy with the family. Ryan informed his travel plans to his father. They decided to meet for Christmas.
Tom was driving after a party. He was pulled over. He was accused of driving under the influence. Tom got an expensive lawyer to defend him. He was able to get off without a problem.
Eva decided to do her friends' nails to make money for her prom dress. She advertised her services at school. Many girls lined up to have their nails done by her. Soon she had earned over a hundred dollars. Eva bought a lovely prom dress, and her friends all had lovely nails!
Meg was starting a new business venture. SHe'd always wanted to open a coffee shop. The day before she opened, she got everything clean and ready. When the doors opened, there were customers waiting! She was excited to see what her business would accomplish.
Reggie taught his daughter to play chess. She was not very good at first, but they kept playing. The more they played, the better she got. After a few Years, she was able to beat her father. She is now a member of the school chess club and plays competitively.
My family decided to try something new for Christmas. They decided we would draw names out of a hat and buy one gift. I drew my crazy uncle Jim's name out of the hat. The only thing I knew that he loved was the show Cops and beer. So I bought him too much beer and he ended up on Cops season 27.
Rosie wanted to get a cat. She decided to go to the pound to find one. And adorable black cat caught her eye. The associate told her that black cats don't often get adopted. Rosie ignored superstitions and brought her new friend home.
Mark would read his son a children's story every night before bed. His son loved one book in particular about a cowboy. Soon, Mark's son would request the cowboy story every night. Mark grew tired of reading the cowboy story. However, he continued to read it because it made his son happy.
Last night I put of pot of water on the stove to boil. I had forgot about the pot for so long the water boiled off. I had to let the pot cool before I could touch the handle. The high heat of the stove ruined the finish of the pot. I tossed the ruined pot in the garbage.
After a long day at work, Jim decided to treat his family. He decided to take them on a trip to Disney. They had never been so he thought it would be nice. When he went home to tell them, they were thrilled. The family went the next month.
The boys were playing video games. All of a sudden, the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling. It landed on the gaming console and broke it. They looked on the ceiling to view the damage. A loose screw was hanging on top of the fan.
David had a bad toothache. He made an appointment with the dentist. The next week the dentist had to pull his tooth. David went home very sore to recover. The next day David felt much better without the pain.
Carla was cooking supper. The top of the pepper jar was too loose. Carla went to season the food she was cooking. A stream of pepper went into the food. Carla couldn't salvage the food and had to throw it.
There was an accident involving a truck on the highway. A man had suffered severe head trauma. Paramedics arrived in just a few minutes. They carefully placed him on a stretcher and into the ambulance. They brought him to the nearest trauma center.
Fred is very pleased to have a newspaper to read. He decides to read the entire newspaper. Unfortunately some stories are a little sad. Still he finishes reading the whole thing. When he is done, he is ready to start his day.
Laura wanted to do something special to surprise her mother. She thought about what she could do. She decided to teach herself to cook using Youtube. Laura secretly learned how to make many simple things. She surprised her mother with a home cooked meal after a long day.
It was Wednesday and Wade was out with his friends. He was having a good time when he got an angry text. His longterm girlfriend told him they were done for good. Wade more confused than ever asked her why. She said he didn't post her as his woman crush Wednesday on Instagram.
My friend's car started leaking horribly. She took it to the mechanic. He said he fixed the problem. However, the car started leaking again. Instead of going back to the mechanic, she just fixed it herself.
Ali was going on a field trip with the whole 5th grade. She was excited about the trip. They were going to the museum, Ali loved history and wanted to remember her trip. She used her allowance to purchase a new camera for the trip.
Some new neighbors with a large dog moved in. The dog would chase the children of the neighborhood. Walking home was very scary for young Peter. He was to be sneaky and fast to get home every day. He was so thankful when those neighbors finally moved.
Tom was new to using Snapchat. He tried to upload a picture to share with everyone. Unfortunately he got the wrong one. Tom shared a personal picture he didn't want others to see. He quickly deleted the pic and the app.
I couldn't stand not getting my messages anymore. I called my service provider. They were extremely unfriendly and unhelpful. I complained to the supervisor. Before the day was up, I had a new phone on its way to me.
My tummy hurt when I woke up today. I was so sick I couldn't get out of bed. I felt awful. Mommy brought me some chicken soup and I slept. When I woke up I felt so much better.
Jerry hopped on his bike to ride to work. Jerry was making great time, as he sped to work. Suddenly, Jerry felt a pop and his bike began to slow down. Jerry hopped off his bike and saw two flat tires. He pushed his bike to work and when he made it, he was late.
Jill always complained about her homework. But she never attempted to do it. One day, another student tried to help her with homework. But he ended up finishing it for her. Jill was too lazy to thank him.
We all went to a haunted house last Halloween. A creepy clown jumped out at my friend Gary. Gary was so scared he screamed. We all think Gary wet himself. Gary ran home to change his pants.
I found an old lottery ticket in my car. It was a 500 dollar winner. I was worried it was too old to pay out. I took it to the lottery office and it was still good. They gave me a 500 dollar check.
Jim had taken care of the same cow since he was 10. The cow was like his friend and he was sad to find it would be killed In the middle of the night he went to release the cow but got caught. His dad, the farmer, said if the cow means that much we won't kill it. The cow wasn't killed and it lived out its days in peace.
Alan was studying for his geography exam. His favorite television program came on. Alan paid more attention to the program than his studying. Alan stopped studying after the program. Alan didn't do so great on his exam.
Tom was late for work one morning. He decided to drive 15 MPH faster than the speed limit. He was pulled over by an officer. The officer issued Tom a ticket. Tom was upset he would have to pay a fine.
Last week we saw a police car in front of a parked car. The car was parked in front of a fire hydrant. A tow truck tried to get the car but it was blocked in. The company called in a flatbed tow truck. Before they could tow the car the driver came and drove away.
Ron and his friends were hanging out late at night. They went to an abandoned house that seemed very ominous. Ron and his friends began to look around and found a busted window. Ron's friends dared Ron to go inside of the house. Ron said he didn't want to and his friends made fun of him.
Warren took some pills to help him sleep. He woke up the next day in the afternoon. He realized he had missed work that day. He decided to go back to sleep. He just laid in bed staring at the ceiling.
John was walking to the store. He tripped and fell. He noticed his shoe was untied. He tied his shoe. He continued to the store without tripping.
Amy was being transferred to a store near her home. The new store decided not to hire Amy. Amy was upset to be without a job. She called her old store and asked to be re-hired. Amy was sad to hear she had already been replaced.
Kim couldn't find her car in the garage. She was sure she was on the right floor. She went around pressing her keys and listening. Eventually she tried a different floor. She heard a chirp and followed the sound to her car.
We owned a condo from 1987 to 2013. I had little experience with condo ownership. I was shocked when the board issued a $2,000 special assessment. I did not have the money and had to sell off some art. I was glad to get rid of the condo.
Robin went to school for electrical engineering. She realized after graduating that is was not the career for her. She wanted to pursue her passion of music. She went back to school and was certified to teach. Now she teachers music to elementary schoolers.
Tom was trying to bake some cookies. He wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He didn't have the right ingredients. He tried to replace them with similar ones. It wound up ruining his cookies and angering his girl.
Jason's teacher assigned a worksheet for homework. He knew she never checked homework so was not going to do it. When he got to class the next day, his teacher asked for the work. Jason did not have it done and got a zero. Jason learned to always to his homework.
Dan started playing volleyball in the summer. He thought it would be good exercise. He played for three months, twice a week. He tried his best every time he played. In one summer And lost twenty pounds.
The Beck's family used to go to the park a lot. They haven't been there in 2 months! So they decided they would go this weekend and have a picnic. Saturday came along, and the Becks were excited. But, it started to rain really bad, and they can't go to the park.
Sarah and her family were anxious to get in the gate. They had just arrived at the big amusement park. Sarah loved riding roller coasters and so did her father. They spent all that day riding all the rides, some multiple times. Sarah would remember that day for a very long time.
There was a closet in Gina's grandma's room. When she was young the door was always open. But a chair in front of the door kept it closed for Years. She had forgotten the closet was there. Until the chair was moved, and the door was opened once again.
Tom had a big date. He invited her over to his place. They had dinner and wine. Tom's date dropped her wine. It ruined his carpet but he didn't care.
I wanted to hang my chart on the wall. I looked everywhere for a box of screws. The only ones I found were way too small. I looked for something else to use. I found a big container of ribbon and used it.
Nita saw deer in her backyard. She decided to feed them. She threw bread outside for them. Soon they returned to eat it. Then more and more deer began to come!
Mike liked his lawn nice and neat. He didn't like kids playing on his lawn. Two kids were playing tag in his yard. He went out to confront them. Turns out Mike likes kids and they got along after that.
I was tasked with writing a story. My story was very short. I finished my story very quickly. I sent my story to my teacher. My teacher gave me a good grade.
I took a test in history. When I sat down to take the test, I was shocked. I could barely remember anything the test was asking me about. I did my best, but I was sure I failed. When I got the test back, I realized I hadn't done as bad as I feared.
There was a man who worked at a job. His job was to take notes. He used a very heavy pen to take notes. One day the pen broke the paper. He switched to a lighter pen after that.
Sam had practiced hard all season. The big championship meet was coming up. He took a deep breath and face his opponent. After a close match, Sam came out victorious. He shouted with joy.
Jill was hosting a New Year's Eve party. The party was underway as Jill realized the food was disappearing. She decided to run out to the store. Then, she bought some sandwiches and brought them home. Luckily, no one even noticed that the food had run low.
Cindy came back from school. And she was very hungry and tired. She found leftover cake in the refrigerator. So she ate the cake instead of preparing something healthier. Later, Cindy became too sick to go to school for the next two days.
A man was looking to adopt a new cat. At the animal shelter, he saw many cats. There was one that caught his eye. This car was blind, but very sweet and gentle. He immediately adopted this cat.
I was driving home when a big storm hit. The snow was intense and blinding. I had to pull over to the side of the road to be safe. It didn't stop for hours. I was stuck until a tow truck arrived after the storm.
David tried to take care of his aging parents. One day his dad had an accident. While his dad was walking down a path, a car came by and hit him. David felt terrible. David took his dad to the hospital.
Chase really wanted a laptop for his birthday. Chase told all his family and friends what he wanted. Chases brother and sister saved up to get him a laptop. When chase received the laptop for his birthday he was very happy. Chase uses the laptop every day now.
Water skiing is fun when you know what you're doing. That's what I've been told by those who seem to know. For me it felt more like being put on the rack. You know, that medieval torture device that pulled your limbs apart. I hope never to experience that kind of fun again!
My son loves Captain America. He dresses up in his Captain America costume every day. One day the doorbell rang. It was my father in law dressed as Captain America. My son freaked out thinking it was the actual super hero visiting him.
Rebecca had always loved jumping rope. She joined a team. The team went to a double dutch competition. The competition was very fierce. Her team performed and won the competition.
Ken had been gaining wait. He tried to fit into an old pair of jeans. He wore them out one night. At one point he bent over and they tore. Ken sneaked out and went home.
Gary was walking his dog on the sidewalk. The dog managed to break through the leash and ran away. It ran towards a crowded street with a traffic. A man hit the dog on the side while he was driving. Since he only felt a small thud, he didn't bother to stop.
My son woke up feeling ill. He had no appetite and didn't feel happy. He laid in bed all day long. He vomited and had diarrhea. We said we would take him to the doctor soon.
John and his father decided to build a robot. They went the store and bought parts. John's father taught John how to wire together the parts. It took all weekend, but they finished the robot! John and his father happily watched the robot move around.
Aaron took a bus ride home. As soon as he walked inside his house, he paused. He realized that he forgot to complete his homework. He quickly opened his book-bag and took out supplies. Although he was tired, he managed to finish at night.
Ed was a bad boy all day. He misbehaved often. He was even rude at dinner. After dinner his mom sent him right to bed. Ed didn't get to watch TV or eat dessert.
We decided to get on go carts. We started racing each other. We went around the track several times. My son kept winning every lap. We laughed and enjoyed ourselves.
One day Lana went for a swim in the ocean. She made sure to follow precautions before getting in the water. However, Lana forgot to put on sunscreen. When she got out of the ocean, she had a terrible sunburn. Now Lana makes sure to always put on sunscreen before swimming.
Rocco left Kansas to make it in New York. He missed his old girlfriend something terrible. His new friend Bob kept introducing him to girls. It took some time, but Rocco started dating again. He still missed his ex, but things were looking up for him.
It is important to pay bills on time. That is why I like to set up automatic payments. I tell my bank which bills to pay. When the money is due my bank pays the bill for me. I love the convenience of this service.
Harold had a falling out with his best friend at school. The two of them were arguing over a movie they liked. Harold realized that without his friend he had no one to hang with. Harold spent lunch that day crying. The next day they made up, as the friend was in the same situation.
After standing in line for six hours I was exhausted. I was awaiting the anticipated release of a IPHONE 6. It wasn't a problem until I got to the counter and it wasn't there. I was able to prepay online to reserve a spot. But wasn't able to get a refund for the phone.
Don noticed that his house was getting dirty. He decided to clean it. He began by sweeping the floors. After that he felt much better. Don was glad his house was less dirty.
Frances aspired to be a chef. He went to culinary school and was top of his class. After graduating, he got a job at a five star restaurant. He learned many new techniques at his job. Frances realized he fulfilled his dream.
The dog was hungry. He was in a house all by himself. He went looking for food in his bowl. There was no food in the bowl! The dog went to take a nap while he waited for his owner to come home.
There once was a flock of birds who lived on a telephone wire. One day, workers came to knock the power line down and move it. The birds did not want to see their home displaced, so they attacked. The flock of birds stormed the workers, and they left promptly. The birds saved their home and we're proud of what they had done.
Jill wanted to lose weight. She started walking to work. She also brought her own healthy lunch. She lost 20 pounds in three months. Now she heads a weight loss club to motivate others!
My phone alerted me that I was almost out of storage. I saw I had 4 Gb of photos. I tried uploading the photos to iCloud. It is taking forever. It took hours to upload a few photos.
My coworker Harriet is very overweight. She walks very slowly. The other day she came in with a golf club. She uses the club for a cane. I am worried she will have a fall since the club is not a good cane.
Tara always wanted jewelry. Her birthday was coming up. Test went to the store. He gave her a really nice necklace She adored him for the gift.
Ava's house had a clear glass sliding door. Birds kept flying into the door and injuring themselves! Finally Ava had had enough and decided to try to stop it. She attached colorful static clings to the door, all over. The clings deterred the birds and stopped them hurting themselves!
Josh is an amateur novelist. He's been working on his books for the past five years. Now, he's trying to get them published. Just last week he met with a publisher. It seems to be going well for him, and he should get a decision soon.
Nancy was running with the soccer ball. She was moving fast since she had a few seconds to store. Drew tried to steal the ball but he ended up slipping on the grass. She had an open room to kick the ball and kicked it. The goalie missed the catch and the ball ended up in the goal.
Steve tried out for the school's tennis squad. He unfortunately didn't make the team. He approached his coach and asked why he was cut. His coach told him to work on his swing and come back next year. Steve improved his swing over a year and make the team the next year.
Kayla couldn't wait to go horseback riding. She had never been before. Her boyfriend decided to take her for a ride. When she got on the horse it was a great feeling. She couldn't wait to go back to the stable.
Jace decided to make ice cream. He bought all the ingredients. As he was making the recipe, he dropped the vanilla. His ice cream was very flavorful. He tried it and it was still good.
Today my daughter posted an Instagram video. It showed her 2 year old daughter S reciting the days of the week. After Saturday, S forgot the day. So she said another Saturday. My daughter laughed in the video.
Mia was playing baseball. It was gym class. She took a swing at the ball, She didn't realize she hit the ball at the teacher's head by accident. Mia was so embarrassed and apologized.
Lou was helping his dad weed around the bushes. All of a sudden he felt a sharp sting. He looked at his arm and saw there were bees on it. He had accidentally disturbed their nest. He ran off as quickly as he could before he was swarmed.
The kids heard loud noises in the living room. None of them were willing to find out what made the noise. On the other hand, Kim eventually volunteered. She walked to the living room as fast as she can. She noticed that the garbage can was tipped over.
Mila wanted a pet. She went to the pet store to look for one. At the pet store Mila saw a puppy. Mila loved the puppy and took it home. Mila was happy she found her new pet.
Yesterday we went to Tanglewood. It is the summer home of the BSO. The BSO played a modern piece, then Mozart. It ended with a Beethoven symphony. The audience gave the conductor a standing ovation.
Yesterday I got a haircut. I assumed it would be twenty dollars. Yet when I went to pay it was eighty. I was shocked. I paid but I would never go back.
The man looked into the window of the house. He saw a woman inside. He watched the woman. The woman noticed him watching. She called the police.
Carlton went on a camping trip. He had planned on eating canned beans. He discovered that he had forgotten his can opener. Carlton had learned how to open a can using a rough stone. Despite forgetting his can opener, he was able to enjoy his beans.
The cow fell asleep. A man went up to the cow. He pushed the cow. The cow fell over. The cow died.
I interviewed for a job. It required me to manage a database. The hiring manager said I'd be using Microsoft Access. I was utterly shocked that the company was not using SQL. I decided to withdraw my application.
Sam was washing his car. Sam accidentally used a brush that had dirt on it. The brush made a bunch of tiny scratches all over his car. Sam took his car in to get it fixed. He was able to get the scratches buffed out for a small price.
I spilled ice cream on my shirt last night. I quickly ran to my closet and put on a clean shirt. I put stain remover on the old shirt and scrubbed at it. It looks like the stain came out. I threw the shirt in the hamper with the other laundry.
Gerald lost his glasses. He looked for them everywhere. He ended up finding them in his couch. Gerald cleaned the lenses of his glasses and put them on. He was then able to read his newspaper!
Angie was at home watching a movie. Suddenly, the chair she was sitting in started shaking. Her husband didn't notice anything had happened. Angie wondered what she had felt. Later that night, the news reported a mild earthquake in the area.
Bob was running late for work. If he got one more occurrence he would get fired. Therefore he drove ten miles over the speeding limit. He missed the red light and ran into another car. He was still late but had an excuse this time.
My friends and I wanted to see a new movie. We met at my house. We drove to the movie theater. I bought my ticket and got my popcorn. Finally, we sat down and watched the movie.
Klaus was working on his puppets inside his workshop. While working on one of the dolls, he came up with an idea. Klaus decided to work hard on opening a puppet theater. After a lot of hard work and dedication, he opened a small theater. Klaus' theater and dolls became popular and he became very successful.
Marisa was usually a good girl. She never disrespected her parents until she turned 13. After that she had attitude. She never wanted to go to school. She spent all of her time with her boyfriend, skipping class.
Bren was on a hike with her friends. But she got separated somehow. She was lost in the woods! She stayed put and tried not to panic. Luckily, it didn't take long for her friends to find her.
Gina's teacher wanted them to give a speech to the whole class. Gina was usually shy. But she felt comfortable giving a speech in front of her classmates. She knew everyone would be on their best behavior. No one would laugh, because no one wanted to be laughed at.
Jack made his lunch of a tuna sandwich. He took one bite and laid it on the kitchen counter. He then ran upstairs. When he got back it was gone. His cat had stolen the sandwich.
Sam went to a thrift store. He wanted to search for a trench coat. He found a nice leather jacket for 10 dollars. A leather jacket was on his list of things to get. He bought it.
He sat there angrily. He didn't want to talk to her. She asked him to please say something. He said this wasn't love. She burst into tears.
My dog loved to play with rocks. So, I decided to buy some gravel. I took my dog into the yard and started throwing gravel everywhere. He loved the gravel! Alas, he decided to eat some and we had to stop playing.
Jen had an appointment with her professor. She left the house during rush hour. There was so much traffic. She was late to her appointment. Her professor was irritated with Jen.
Carl loved his red cup. He went to the kitchen to fill the cup with water. When he filled it up, he dropped the cup. Water and glass from the cup spilled all over the kitchen floor. Carl cried and his day was ruined.
Tom lived in a nice apartment. Tom had long hair. Tom clogged his drain with his hair. Tom bought a chemical drain unclogging product. Tom used the product to successfully unclog the drain.
Tara went to her ten year high school reunion. She saw a lot of her old friends and classmates. Tara caught up with them all night. At the end of the night, Tara had a realization. She never really cared for the people she went to highschool with.
Keith was deciding whether he wanted a new car or not. Then his old car broke down on the highway. Keith was fed up with the situation. He went straight to the dealership in a tow truck. He went and bought the first car he saw.
I wanted to play ball this afternoon. However, it was raining like crazy. I sat in my house and stared out the window. I needed a way to pass the time. So I decided to have fun playing video games.
Joey had a big meeting today. He was meeting with a very wealthy client. Joey practiced his pitch for hours. The client arrived early to the meeting. Joey was so flustered he failed to sign the client.
Daniel decided to take To the Headstrong horse for a walk. On the walk, two men in a truck drove by nearly hitting the horse. Teo did not like this and he put his ears back. The men thought it was funny and tried to do it again. As the truck neared, Teo took the man's sleeve and chewed it!
Patricia went to the pharmacy. She needed to buy some birth control. They asked her if she was sexually active. She said that wasn't any of their concern. They refused to give her birth control, so she called cops.
Katie's parents took her to the circus. When she got home she researched the circus online. Katie discovered that the animals in the circus are usually abused. Katie wanted to take a stand for the animals. She vowed never to go to the circus again.
The zoo was getting a new animal. It was an elephant! The kids were all excited to see the new creature. They flooded the zoo the first day he was on display. They all watched as the elephant explored his new home.
Sara always wanted a tattoo. She got one as soon as she was old enough. It was something sentimental. It was just the start. Sara eventually got several more tattoos.
Derrick loved the monkey bars. His hands were so calloused from hanging on them for so long. It was really cold today and the bar was impossible to hold. He didn't realize because of the callouses on his hand. He slipped off instantly and fractured both arms.
Cathy's daughter recently told her about a special friend. Cathy found it odd that her daughter even had a friend. Cathy asked her daughter several questions about her friend. Cathy then realized that her daughter had an imaginary friend. Cathy smiled, because she remembered her imaginary friend as well.
I had a cell phone. I dropped it on the ground. The screen cracked on my phone. I called the insurance company. They replaced my phone for me.
Ivy's friend said he could balance a spoon on his nose. Ivy bet him five dollars that he couldn't. He accepted, and then stuck his gum on the spoon. He used the gun to affix it to his nose. Ivy, laughing, refused to pay him since he cheated!
Jenette was a film buff. She didn't know anyone else who liked movies. She joined a film club. She found that the members took movies too seriously. Jenette kept watching movies alone.
Bob's internet was slow in his back room. The router was in the living room. The backroom signal was very low. Bob moved the router to the kitchen. The backroom signal was faster and stronger.
Tim was a good kid who always got great grades. At school Tim gets the best score on the test in class. A few kids in the back start to tease him and call him names. After class lets out they meet Tim in the hallway. They bully Tim and stuff him into a locker.
I took my first trip to The Dollar Store. It was amazing. They had so many items for only one dollar. I bought a lot of stuff. I was so happy to save so much money.
It had always been Jeff's dream to open up an ice cream parlor. Business was slow at first. After advertising at the beach, customers began to roll in. These days Jeff gets to travel around the world. He owns a popular ice cream chain with bases in 15 countries.
It was the day of the talent show. Erica was nervously practicing her song hours before the show. She was determined to make her parents proud. When the talent show began, Erica played her song with grace. Erica received 1st placed and her parents were astounded.
Eric wanted to buy a new car. He test drove several and found one he wanted. He negotiated with the salesman, who was very rude. Eric spoke to a manager and got an acceptable deal. Eric drove home in his new car!
I went on a date with someone in chemistry class. I went to pick her up. She looked amazing. We went to the movies. It was a good time.
When Kelly heard her song on the radio she screamed. She couldn't believe it was on. She made sure to blast it. When everyone heard it they loved it. When she went home she blasted it again.
Riley just had a baby. She has not been sleeping well since. Her baby seems to have bad stomach cramping. She decided to try giving the baby gripe water. The baby slept soundly after having gripe water.
Alex decided to build a shack. He wanted a shack to store his tools for his garden. He already got the supplies the week before. He spent three weekends building the shack. He loves the convenience his shack offers for his gardening.
I drop my son off at his soccer practice. I go back to my car and watch the practice. He struggles with a few of the drills, but he's having a lot of fun. At the end of practice he doesn't want to come home, he wants to stay. What fun to see youthful exuberance.
This weekend I met a cute girl. She gave me her number. I asked her out to coffee. I got dressed up nicely. We walked to the coffee shop for our date.
Henry used to pirate a lot of media online. He would steal games, movies, and music. The companies involved created convenient online infrastructure. It was easier for Henry to buy the material than steal it. Henry slowly stopped pirating altogether without really noticing.
Two boys came home from school in the snow. One boy teased the other about a crush he had. The boy's response was a snowball the the face. They both threw off their mittens and began throwing snowballs. By the time their hands were numb they were too tired to continue.
It was the last one to do, but Tahar hesitated. She didn't feel like doing another thing, but it winked at her. She tried to prop herself up and remind herself this was the last one. Sighing, she picked up the filthy puppy and dunked him in the tub. He squealed and she wondered what had been stopping her from this fun.
I went to visit my boyfriend in Maryland. It was a long drive. I ended up getting stuck in traffic. It took twice as long to get there. I was really tired towards the end of the drive.
Tyler was eating alone in the mall. A pretty girl walked right by him. Tyler ran after the pretty girl. He stopped her and started a conversation. The pretty girl was flattered, and gave Tyler her number.
I was very unhappy with my life. I went to the bookstore. I read many books while I was there. The books got my mind off things. I'm not unhappy any more.
While sitting at home, Sandy felt a slight pain in her chest. She figured it was nothing, but decided to go to the hospital anyway. At the hospital they did some tests on her heart. The tests results showed that she'd actually had a heart attack. In fact, if she hadn't come in, she could have died later.
Loyd was in a car accident. He broke his leg. While recovering he gained a lot of weight. Lloyd blamed the leg but it went beyond that. He continued to let himself go.
I have known about my science quiz for three weeks. I was going to want until it was closer to start to study. The quiz is tomorrow afternoon. I am scared because I am not ready for the quiz. I will never procrastinate my studies ever again.
Elaine hates going to the doctor. She has had a bad cough for a couple weeks. Her husband finally persuades her to make an appointment. Elaine goes  to the doctor and gets prescribed a medication. After a few days Elaine feels better.
Amy didn't drive and caught the bus to work. On the news there was speculation of the bus drivers striking. This scared Amy because she wanted to keep her job. Amy watched the news intently to find out the outcome. She was devastated to hear the bus drivers were going to strike.
Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.
Tom was watching basketball with his friend Jamal. They decided to go outside and try to dunk like they do on TV. Jamal got his first dunk in easily. Tom now tried and hit the rim hard, and fell harder. Tom hurt his ankle, and found out the hard way it's not easy to dunk.
Frank woke up late today for work. He didn't have time to shower or eat because he just rushed out! When he got to work he realized he still had bed head. He had to wash up in the sink at work. The next night Frank set two alarms to make sure he woke up on time.
The farmer looked to the sky and asked the clouds for rain. He realized it was up to him to water his crops so he got a hose. The farmer spent all day lugging his hose around to the crops. After he was done he was very tired and sore so he went home. The farmer turned on tv and the weatherman called for big rain.
Leo is walking down the street. He sees a thief swipe an old lady's purse. Leo runs after the thief. He catches the thief. He returns the purse back to the lady.
Frank was ready to go home after a long double shift. However, when Frank got to his car, Frank saw a flat tire. Frank did not have a spare tire, so he felt stuck. At that moment, his coworker Annie, borrowed him her spare tire. Frank was so grateful for Annie, as was there in his time of need.
Maria was a great cook. Lasagna was her specialty. She would bake one every week. Last week, she added fresh basil. Everyone said they could taste the difference!
Jenny's parents wanted her to study something practical. They were not impressed when Jenny wanted to study art. Against their wishes Jenny majored in art in college. In an art show, Jenny met an art dealer who liked her work. He sold one of Jenny's paintings for five thousand dollars.
Hiro was a 17th century Samurai in Japan. He wandered the streets, looking for work. One morning he was approached by an old man. The man offered Hiro a large sum of money to kill a shop owner. Hiro declined, as his pride forbid him from killing innocents.
Stu had seriously miscalculated the time his trip would take. He had a cooler full of frozen items in ice in the back of the car. It sat almost a day in the sun with temperatures near triple digits. All of the food inside the cooler spoiled in a most unpleasant matter. Stu had to dump the spoiled food in the dumpster of the motel.
Tim was in his school's spelling bee. He had a pretty good chance to win. He started getting nervous toward the end. Yet he was skilled enough for it not to matter. Tim easily took first place.
Bob and Karen weren't sure what to do on a Fall Friday evening. Since the big game was the next day, they wanted an early night. They decided to check out downtown to see what was happening. At their surprise, there were a ton of cars downtown! There wound up being a huge event downtown for them to do!
Tom was drunk at a party. He didn't want to admit it. He went to get another beer. While trying to drink it he spilled it everywhere. It made him finally admit to being drunk.
Megan did not want to work, she was tired and bored of work. She knew that she had to go to work though so she rushed to get ready. When Megan arrived at work she discovered the building was closed. There had been a problem with the water main. She went home and enjoyed the day in her pajamas.
Amy decided to start running to get her figure back. Amy bought new running shoes and running clothes. She was excited the first day when she started running. After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run. She ended up walking back home.
The cheerleaders got together to cheer for the home basketball team. Two girls got together and tried to perform a flip. One of them ended up landing on their head. The medic stopped the dance and took the girl to the doctor's office. She was diagnosed with a head concussion.
John would never tie his shoes. His mom warned him and said he would get hurt one day. John said he is too fast to trip on his laces. The very next day he was playing football with friends and tripped. He came home with bloody knees and his mom wasn't mad, she helped him.
Lester notices that the walls in his home are bare. He decides to buy some paintings to hang. After buying a few paintings, Lester realizes how much he loves art. He becomes obsessed with collecting paintings for his home. Finally he has enough to cover every inch of his walls.
Jan had just gotten a boyfriend. She decided to straighten her curly hair to impress him. She spent hours combing out all her curls. But then her boyfriend told her the curls were prettier! Jan was relieved that she could keep her natural curls after all.
Dave and Amanda locked themselves out of their new house. They had left a key in the lock inside. They went to get their young nephew Ian. Ian crawled through the dog flap and remove the key from the lock. Dave and Amanda let themselves in and gave Ian a big hug.
The man fell down the stairs. He knocked out a tooth in the fall. He went to the dentist. The dentist gave him his opinion. The man agreed with that decision.
Kelsey was always helping people. She helped old women, boys, even her teacher. One day she found a sick puppy. The puppy needed help so she brought him to the vet. And now Kelsey has a new puppy, Chester.
Charles's favorite movie was Die Hard. He made a bowl of popcorn, and grabbed the DVD. Charles was all set to watch the movie. He realized the DVD player was broken when he put the DVD in the tray. It cost $40 to fix, But Charles was still able to watch the movie.
Trisha went to a party in LA. When there she saw Keanu Reeves. She went to speak to him. Keanu thought she was his mother. Keanu was high on drugs.
One day Kim was out on her daily run. All of a sudden she spotted a large rock. However, it wasn't a rock. It was a kitten in the road that was hurt. Kim too the kitten home and nursed it back to health.
Cam is so tired. He lays down to take a nap. He can not fall to sleep. He gets up and eats a snack and watches some television. He falls asleep on the couch while watching his show.
Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk. Dogs went for walks all the time, so cats should have the chance, too. She clipped a leash onto her cats collar. It was difficult getting her outside, but then she was fine. The cat actually liked walking on the leash!
Betty's family wanted to picnic at the campgrounds. They asked Betty what she wanted to eat. Betty became stressed by the question. She refused to answer and threw a tantrum. Betty's family ate sandwiches at home instead.
They had been looking for riverfront property for three years. Nothing was ever available in their price range. They finally found one that looked great and was priced right. They put in an offer on the property. Their offer was immediately accepted.
I took an art class once. I bought all the materials and went to class prepared. I worked hard every single day. On the last day of class, my teacher praised me for my improvement. My hard work paid off!
Jackson realizes that his carpet his become filthy after Years of use. He decides to shampoo his carpet. Jackson sets aside an entire weekend for the project. It is very hard work. Once he is done, Jackson is very happy to have a clean carpet.
Cora and her friends were on a day trip. They decided to head to the beach. There, they all stripped down to their bathing suits. They hurried to splash and play in the water. Cora and her friends had a great day at the beach!
Kim poured a cap full of bleach on her toothbrush. It was the only way to clean it after dropping it in the toilet. After waiting 5 minutes she rinsed the toothbrush off. It still smelled strongly of bleach. After 5 minutes of rinsing with hot water the bleach smell was gone.
Gerard woke up disoriented. He called his friend to ask him to get pills with him. His friend came even though it was ten at night. They circled the town trying to the right place. But Gerard realized it was night and not day only two hours later.
Neil didn't want his younger brother, Tod, to use his computer. But Today decided to use it when Neil was outside. When Neil went to his computer, he noticed several pop ups and ads. Todd said he didn't use the computer. So Neil blamed his grandmother.
Alex is getting ready to start Kindergarten. Alex's has been practicing writing letters all summer long. Today Alex's mom gave him a test to see how much he learned. Alex got 14 out of 15 questions on his test correct. Alex's mom rewarded him with an ice cream sundae.
Chase went on a solo trip to New Orleans for his birthday. He had never been, and chose to stay in the famous French Quarter. His first day there, he walked around town until late into the night. He soon was lost, and he became scared of the people around him. A stranger told him how to get home, and Chase felt bad for judging.
I love the Tony Kornheiser radio show. The jingles they play make me laugh out loud all the time. I downloaded a few of my favorites. I played them for my wife. She thought they were dumb and that I was an idiot for listening.
The man entered into his hotel room. He threw his suitcase on the bed and collapsed in the chair. The phone in the room rang as he sat down. The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay. The man grunted and slammed down the phone.
Benjamin was at a new school, and needed to assert his dominance. He went onto the playground looking for someone to pick on. He saw a small kid and pushed him down and laughed. He felt a tap on his shoulder and turned around. The little kid's six foot tall brother didn't look very happy.
Derek was very sad. His first surfboard seemed to be a total waste of money. He had tried and tried to ride a wave. This was his last attempt as he paddled with the wave. He stood and it all came together, he was riding the wave.
Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years. Last week I finally asked her out. She said I was too good a friend to date. It broke my heart. I guess I'll have to be a bad friend to make things work.
A man was walking down a street. It was nighttime. Two dogs approached him aggressively. The dogs lunged near the man. The man responded by running away.
Tim worked as a valet. Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car. They would run very fast. They would drive the cars fast as well. They had fun on the job.
The fastest I ever drove was 110 miles per hour. There is a stretch of road in my hometown. I made my truck three gears instead of four. My head was pressed into the seat. I noticed a cooling problem that week.
Lisa woke up and covered herself in a set of blankets. She remained in bed for another hour since she was freezing. Her parents prepared breakfast for the house. They also turned around the heater. Everyone took time to enjoy their Christmas morning.
Marcus told his eldest son to watch his younger brother. The older brother however, only wanted to play. He left the child unsupervised. The child played and knocked over the older brother's computer. The older brother cried at the loss of this computer.
Ben is a star baseball player. Ben is batting one game. Ben is hit in the head by a fastball. Ben is badly injured. Ben retires from a head injury.
Sal sent You a text. Jo never texted back. Sal waited and waited. Jo finally called. Sal apparently had her settings wrong.
Jack was on his way to work when he saw a stranded car. He decided to pull over. The car had a flat tire. Jack decided to help since it was a woman and a child. The owner of the car was grateful and Jack was happy to help.
Donald went out one day to meet his friend to buy a boat from him George, the friend, met Donald at a local coffee shop. The two chatted and discussed their lives. George told Donald that the boat was no longer for sale. Donald left disappointed and went home.
Johnny was learning how to ride his bike. He out on his helmet, and his pads. He fell down the first time. The second time he fell into a bush. The third time he drove all around the driveway with no problem.
Tom had been ice skating a few times. He was not very good. He remembered how fun it looked to stop quickly. Tom worked on his braking skills, on the ice. Tom eventually became an adept ice skater, braking easily.
My mother in law sells Tupperware. I haven't had a conversation with her in 6 years that wasn't about it. It hurts my husband that I don't think she's the best person ever. It's because she's a narcissist who doesn't actually care about us. I'm probably not going to Christmas this year.
I sat on my legs for a long time. It started to feel tingly. I got up and it began to hurt. I complained to my husband. I tried to walk it off.
Freddy loved writing with mechanical pencils. He maintained a large collection of them. He kept his favorite mechanical pencils in a locked case. His taste for luxury pencils began costing a great deal. Freddy scaled back his enthusiasm and made a budget.
My son and I went ice fishing. We rented a hut on a frozen lake. My son ended up dropping his pole in the ice hole. Rather than leave we took turns using my pole. He caught more fish with my pole than I did.
Kelly was happy the new phones just came out for Apple. She really wanted a pink one. Unfortunately the pink ones were all sold out. They told her she would have to wait a month for the pink one. She decided to get the gold instead.
A group of us used to play chess after work. We played bughouse chess. It was a type of doubles player chess. A player was almost late picking up her kid from day care. Next time, we reminded her about the time.
Lani wanted to make a tall cake for her boyfriend's birthday. She spent hours baking the cake. When she tried to frost the cake, the entire cake collapsed. Lani tried to salvage the cake, but it was a mess. Lani's boyfriend told her that he loved the cake no matter what.
Marissa had just finished a scary movie with her boyfriend. She was terrified after watching it. She tried to go to bed but was too scared to sleep. Instead, she asked her boyfriend to stay up with her. Her boyfriend stayed up with her until she fell asleep.
It was Mike's first day of school. He was scared and nervous. Mike cried several times his first day. He was relieved when he finally went home. Mike begged his parents to stay home the next day.
Jenny was finally getting a kitten. They went to the pound. There were two kittens playing together in a cage. Jenny was worried that if they took one the other would be lonely. She convinced her dad to let her take both of them home.
Janice woke up extremely tired. She felt extremely warm and took her temperature. She found out that she has a mild fever. When her mom came home, Janice immediately ran towards her bed. She pretended to fall asleep.
Formula 1 was Tanya's favourite thing to watch. She supported Lewis Hamilton. For her last birthday, she went to Silverstone and got VIP tickets. She tried to get an autograph before the race, but couldn't get close. After the race, he stopped and even gave her a hug.
Steve was always a loser, his father even told him so. He hoped to make something of himself, but was never sure how. One day walking he saw a flyer for railroad workers needed! He rushed to a telegraph and wired straight away. They accepted him, and now Steve has money and a loving family.
It was Thanksgiving day. The Parsons happily ate their meal. Then they cleaned up the mess. When the Parsons finished cleaning they sat down to watch some TV. That's when they realized that Christmas was taking over other months!
Alicia decided to take an intensive computer course. She wanted to be more savvy. She learned five different languages. At the end of the course she was already making games. Alicia was proud of herself.
Jill signed up for a 24k race. Jill had prepare for this race for months. The race began and Jill took off. Jill was panting hard and turning red. However, Jill succeeded and finished the race.
Frank went to the store everyday for food. Today was no different. He checked out and took the stuff to the car. When he got home he didn't recognize the contents of the bag. He had taken someone else's groceries.
Jerry wanted to snuggle with his Mom. Genevieve also wanted to snuggle with Mom. They both climbed into Mom's lap at the same time. They immediately began screaming and fighting each other. Now neither child gets to snuggle with Mom.
Diana had not cooked lately. She got off of work and found leftovers. She opened the container to cook them. She realized that the food was rotten. Diana decided to clean out her fridge.
Bill wanted to learn how to defend himself. Bill signed up for martial arts lessons. Bill worked very hard and listened well. Bill advanced quickly through the levels of training. Now Bill is a black belt martial arts master.
While in Vegas, Nina thought she should try at gambling. She wasn't necessarily a risk taker. Nina opted for the slot machines. After a few tries, all the lights started flashing. Nina hit the jackpot!
Sarah was very afraid of snakes. She desperately wanted to overcome her fear, so she went to the zoo. After a bit of searching, she found where the snakes were kept. She peered at one through the glass. In person, she realized they weren't so scary after all.
Jack and Diane has been together for 3 years. Jack met someone else. He broke up with Diane. Jack began dating Elizabeth. Jack proposed to Elizabeth 6 months later.
Martha loved to feel good and ate a little too much because of that. She had gained quite a bit of weight in the last few months. Her mother thought that she was addicted and wanted her to go out. She realized what her mother was saying and stopped eating so much. Even though she was sad, she started being healthy again.
Jane was about to go for a run. She decided to check the weather before she went. The weather said there was a large chance of rain. Jane decided not to go. It never rained the rest of the day.
My mom collects beautiful, expensive vases. One day, she left her kids home alone and went on a date with our dad. My brothers and I fought, and one of us broke the vase. We painstakingly glued hundreds of pieces back together. My mom never found out until we told her, two decades later!
Joe sat down on the bench. He immediately jumped into the air. He'd sat on a thumbtack! He yelled at his students, asking who had put it there. They all pretended not to know.
Madison turned sixteen. Her birthday present was really big. Her parents bought her a new car! She was so happy. She took it for a spin.
Jim decided to major in accounting in college. He did his first internship in an accounting firm. Jim dreaded going in every day because he found it boring. Jim realized that accounting was not the field for him. He decided he was going to change his major.
Alison was having a baby girl, and she was due in a month. She had no idea what she was going to name her baby. So, she decided read name books to get some ideas. However, none of her friends and family liked the names she picked. Alison decided she wasn't going to listen to their opinions.
Nala was trying to lose weight. She gauged her progress by her favorite belt. Every month she slipped it into a smaller hole. Soon she was wearing her belt as tight as possible! Nala was proud of her weight loss.
Dave was late for work like he was everyday. He knew he needed to get an oil change, but today there was no time. A mile past the auto shop the car started smoking and ceasing up. He had it towed back to the shop. Dave was very late for work that day.
Kim was late for school. And it made her very stressed out. There was a large roadblock on a main street. But when she got to school, everyone else was late too. Kim was happy that nobody got in trouble.
Jerome was a basketball player for his high school. He was in the middle of a game. His team was down by a  basket with little time remaining. The ball is inbounded and passed to Jerome. Jerome puts up the shot and it goes in.
June was nervous about starting a new school. She was used to having friends. When she got to her first class she made a friend. June was glad about school. She started making more friends.
Bob was getting married this weekend. He was scared to go through with the ordeal. The day before the wedding, Bob lost his dress shoes! All the stores near him were closed on the weekends. Bob was able to borrow a nice pair of dress shoes from his father.
Jimmy was reading a book at home. He had forgotten that he put a pizza in the oven earlier. The pizza eventually caught on fire. It created a small fire in his oven. Jimmy had to extinguish the fire with water from the sink.
Janet has a large collection of teddy bears. She's hoping to add some rare teddy bears to her collection. She's even saved a spot for one in her display case. Tom gives her a rare Rushton Teddy Bear for her birthday. She adds it to her display case.
Yesterday I went to the mall to shop. I had a lot of fun. However to my dismay, my cell phone broke. I dropped it and the screen cracked. Luckily I got it fixed that day.
Every day, Tom walked past street bums on his way to work. The bums always asked Tom for spare change. One day, Tom filled his pocket with worthless slugs. He planned to give the handful of slugs to the first hobo that asked. But when the hand reached out, he shoved a handful of dollars into it.
I wanted to get some good reads. So, I went to the library to check out some books. I met a really nice girl whom I sat next to. We connected and talked for hours. We ended up becoming best friends.
Jake needed money. He tried to sell some things online. Unfortunately he didn't have enough time. He wound up pawning some of his things. He was able to get some items back.
Cody had always wanted a pet frog. One day he found a huge frog in the woods near his home. He captured the frog and brought it home. Unfortunately Cody did not know what to feed the frog. When the frog starved, Cody wished he had never brought it home.
Harry wanted a new computer. But he didn't know which one to buy. A friend recommended that he choose the parts himself. So Harry spent lots of time learning about computers. Afterwards, Harry was happy with his custom built computer.
I could not find my keys. I needed to go to work. I looked under my bed. I found my keys right there. I drove myself to work.
Terry has red hair, brown freckles and pale skin. He usually avoids the beach because he burns so easily. Yesterday, however, his girlfriend made him go. She forgot to pack sunscreen. Now Terry has red hair, brown freckles and red skin.
Jill detested her mother's cooking. Growing up she took every opportunity to miss dinner. She played on sports teams and joined every club at her school. She even asked her boss for dinner time shifts. Her mother never figured out Jill's real motives.
Gage bought a new home. It was not newly built but new to him. He wanted to remodel it and sell it for profit. Upon inspection he saw that the house needed new plumbing. It was expensive to fix but helped him to make a profit once sold.
Tabitha signed up for a spelling bee. The prize was a pizza party with friends. She did really well and made it to the finals. Then, she messed up on the last round. It was okay, she enjoyed the experience anyway.
Luna didn't have exact change for the bus. She went to the store to break a dollar. She bought a candy bar, but it was too delicious. She had to buy another, but then found out she had no money left. Luna decided to walk to school instead.
Susie got badly burned. She needed new sunscreen. Finally she found some good one. Susie was relieved. This was spf 100.
Uma had ordered a TV stand online. She was excited, imagining it would look really nice. When it arrived, it was much smaller and uglier than pictured. Uma tried it out but hated how it made her home feel.`. She had to send it back and replace it.
Our daughter worked as a waitress after graduating from college. She made a lot of money on tips. She ended up owing the IRS some money. She was not happy about the taxes. She went to grad school the next year.
Jason's whole life, he thought breaking a bone was horrifying. One day he found out how terrifying it really was. He went skiing down a summit. He tumbled and then skied off a cliff. He landed on a rock and broke his leg, and he screamed.
Bobby loved to cook for his wife. His wife loved his cooking. On Friday night, Billy cooked something his wife didn't like. She told him she liked it anyways. He never knew she didn't like it.
Jack's father sacrificed everything for his family. Jack was always grateful to his father and wanted to show him. For five years Jack saved up money. He wanted to buy his father his dream car. On Jack's father's 50th birthday Jack gave him a new sports car.
Larry was cooking burgers outside on a grill. He went to spray some sunscreen on himself while still grilling. Unfortunately for him, the fire from the grill ignited the spray! Larry stopped, dropped, and rolled to put out the fire on himself. That day he learned to never spray sunscreen near an open flame.
Susie was getting married. She wanted to pick out bridesmaids dresses. She took her sister to the local shop. When they got there they found the perfect pink dresses. Susie was relieved that was out of the way.
Bob finished his exam early. Without checking, he turned it into his professor. The next day, the professor handed the exams back. Bob ended up with a 63. After reviewing his test paper, he found minor mistakes that he made.
Carl was a big car guy. His girlfriend wasn't that into them. She asked around for a gift for him. She did a lot of research and found something great. Carl loved it.
Steve was used to making good grades. One day he forgot to do his homework. His teacher asked for homework to be turned in. Steve did not have his. He had to take a zero.
Kendrick could barely rap. That's why Charles didn't believe him when he said he'd be famous. Kendrick told Charles bye because Kendrick was moving to Hollywood. Ten years later, Charles saw Kendrick on the front of The Source Mag. He was a popular rapper known as Kendrick Lamar.
One day I decided to make a youtube channel. My youtube channel cover video games and let's plays. I was hoping to make some side money on youtube. Turns out making a career on youtube is a lot harder than it looks. I still upload videos on youtube, but as a hobby and not for money.
I am a retiree from the MBTA. The MBTA is the Boston, MA transit property. On Facebook someone asked about the origins of the MBTA subway colors. The popular theory is the colors symbolize the areas serviced. I told Facebook friends the consulting firm chose random colors.
Erika didn't want to go on a trip with her family. She thought it was lame and boring. After the first day there she started to relax. By the end of it she found herself having a lot of fun. Erika now looks forward to their next family trip.
Amy went to the store to get groceries. She needed to find her keys in her purse. She put her bags on top of the car to look for her keys. The gallon of milk slid off the car and burst on the ground. Amy was annoyed she had to go back to buy more milk.
Jack and Diane were playing a game of throw football in a field. Diane threw the ball long and Jack ran to catch it. His weight broke through an old cistern cover when he ran over it. The fall into the hole killed Jack when he hit the bottom. Diane taunted Jack for missing the ball, not knowing he was dead.
One morning, Jane had two plain pieces of toast to eat. Jane didn't like the taste of the plain toast. Since there was nothing in her kitchen, she to her neighbor, Jim. Jim gave Jane his delicious strawberry jam. Jane loved her toast with jam and ate it all up.
Ethan wanted to try out for the choir. They held auditions in the hall. Ethan gave his all. The people liked it. They admitted him to the choir.
Dan loved college football. On gameday he asked his pals to come over for the game. Dan's friends brought beer and nachos. They watched the game from start to finish. The home team won.
Audrey went out in the morning to start the car before work. The made a clicking sound and wouldn't start. Audrey's husband jumped the car for her. Audrey drove to work without a problem. After work, Audrey needed a jump to start the car again.
It was the first day of school. Billy walked to his bus stop to wait for his bus. There were no kids there when he got there. He saw the bus turn the corner down the street and drive away. Billy realized he had gone to the wrong bus stop.
Lucy's mother told her she couldn't watch cartoons until she cleaned. Lucy hated cleaning. She worked very slow because she hated it so much. By the time she was done, the cartoons were no longer playing. Lucy learned to try harder when cleaning next time.
Sara found a wonderful apartment. She was ready to move in and was very excited. She rented a moving company and moved in. The first night she was there Sara took a shower. The shower was cold so she had to report it.
Luke studied for his exam in the library. His friend found Luke there. He asked Luke for help on the exam. Luke gave his friend some notes to study. His friend copied the notes to take home for the night.
Allie liked Sam. So she told him how she felt. But unfortunately he did not feel the same way. So Allie started to cry. It was simply too much for her to handle.
Michelle was climbing out of the car. Suddenly, her toe caught on the car mat. Her nail accidentally ripped off. She clutched her foot in pain. Finally, she took a look and saw that the whole thing was gone.
Maddie was feeling sick. Her boyfriend went to the store to buy her some medicine. When he got home, he was being very sneaky. Maddie was cuddling on the couch when he came out with some stuff. On a tray, he had her medicine, and a surprise bowl of ice cream.
Jan met her boyfriend at work. The relationship was going great until one day. Jan catches her boyfriend cheating on her with another girl. Jan tells her boyfriend is over. Jan is happy with her decision and meets a new man.
Nathan liked hanging out with his friends. They would sit around and smoke cigars. Nathan took a trip to Cuba. He bought a lot of cigars there to bring home. He couldn't wait to share them with his friends.
My grandmother makes the worst spaghetti ever. I usually just eat it because I love her. One day I brought my dog over to visit her with me. I realized I could feed the dog under the table. Now I bring my dog to every visit with grandma.
Reba wanted to play with other girls in the school yard. They wouldn't let her because she was bad at jump rope. Reba practiced for a long time but was not very coordinated. The other girls laughed and said she should just give up. In a rage, Reba whipped the other girls with the jump rope.
Bob keeps losing his wallet. So buys a wallet with a chain. He and his friends think it looks ridiculous. But the chain works. Bob no longer loses his wallet.
Tony wanted to impress his friends so he bought a big house. He invited them so they could compliment him on his purchase. His friends were suitably impressed, but it wasn't enough for Tony. He felt alone in his big house as soon as they were gone. So he bought a cat and a dog and felt he had company.
Amy and her friends were on a high. They had been at the park with boys after dark. Lynn was on a high because she didn't get caught. Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her. They sat on the bed exchanging stories from their night.
Jeremy always wanted to be an athlete. He vowed to practice basketball every day after school. Everything was going well until he injured his ankle very badly. Jeremy's dad took him to the doctor for an evaluation. They were both relieved to find out that his injury was not serious.
My husband wants to build a koi pond. There is a lot involved with building a koi pond. They require a lot of maintenance. My husband thinks it will be fun. I think having a koi pond will be a lot of work.
Ed and his brother Toby had been working hard. They were trying to get an old Camaro up and running. Day after day they would work tirelessly on the car. The day finally came when it was time to crank her up. They rode around all day that day, enjoying their hard work.
Tom always claimed to like spicy food. He went to a Mexican restaurant. He ordered the spiciest thing they had. The waiter tried to talk him out of it. Tom liked the food but was in pain.
Jimmy got a new inflatable pool for his birthday. He decided to test it out by taking a swim in it. He heard a loud pop when he jumped into the pool. He made a hole with the force of the impact. Jimmy got a new pool with the warranty.
A man's computer broke one day. He was really upset. He saved up his money for a new nice one. He went to the store to buy one. He came away with a great computer.
Ray heard a strange knock at the door. A policeman was standing on the other side. After Ray opened the door, he was tackled by the officer. The officer put Ray in handcuffs. Against his will, Ray was taken to the nearby jail.
Sarah planned to spend the day at the beach with her friends. On the way, she got a flat tire on the interstate. A man pulled over to help her change the tire. He was an old friend of hers and afterwards they had lunch. Sarah still had a great day despite her flat tire.
Terry was not used to wearing contact lenses. Terry struggled with putting the lenses in her eyes. The lenses flipped over constantly without going in the eye. One of the lenses fell off of the finger and down the drain. Terry was upset and put on eyeglasses.
Charles wants to eat pizza. But the pizza place nearby is closed. He decides to call to a new place. The pizza is terrible. Charles decides never to call that place again.
My nephew's son Timmy is 22 months old. My nephew had a pug dog before the child was born. Timmy and the dog got along fine when he was one. Now Timmy is 2 and teases the dog by touching him. The dog is not pleased with Timmy nowadays.
Jo-Jo was a pretty girl. One day Jo-Jo was in a bad car accident. Her face was very injured in the crash. She lost her nose completely. Three years later she had a nose transplant.
I was browsing the internet last night. I read a very interesting article about conserving power. I took the article to heart and decided to make some changes. I bought new light bulbs and now I turn the lights off when I leave. I really think those changes will make an impact on the world!
I despise washing the dishes. One night we had a dinner party. We used every dish we owned. Dirty dishes filled the sink and covered the counter. I ordered a dishwasher online the next day.
Daryl always has a cheerful smile for everyone in the community. He shakes hands and kisses any baby offered to him. When he goes to Washington, he plays golf instead of casting votes. All his constituents thinks he's the best politician ever. Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with.
Bree was sitting in her living room. Suddenly, her cat came in from outside. She noticed that he had a huge knot in his fur. She took him to the bathroom and got the knot wet. Then, she slowly combed the knot out.
Joshua saw a goat at the fair. Joshua thought having a goat would be fun. He bought the goat and took it home. The goat ate many  plants in Joshua's yard. Joshua learned that taking care of a goat is hard work.
Gina and Tami were in the lunch room. Gina wasn't talking to Rita or Mary. She wanted to sit at a different table than them. But Tami wanted to sit at her normal table. Gina had decide if she would sit with them or sit alone.
Jerry wasn't feeling very good. He was up most of the night with an upset stomach. He had to call in sick to work. Jerry spent the day on the bathroom floor. He missed three days of work this week.
Charles wanted to watch his favorite show on the television. When he sat down on the couch, he couldn't find the remote. Charles looked in the usual places the remote goes, but found nothing. He eventually found the remote in between the couch cushions. Charles turned on the television and watched the show on time.
Our nephew moved out of the city last week. He and his wife have an 18 month old boy. They bought a house in the suburbs. My nephew's family is upset as he is not inviting them over. They feel the wife is possessive.
Allie really wanted to go to this concert. But she didn't want to pay the money. So she entered into a contest. To her surprise, she won. Allie then got to go for free.
Tom wanted a usb charger. Tom visited several brick and mortar stores. Tom was unsatisfied with the prices he saw. Tom browsed an online shopping site. Tom found a usb charger at a good price and bought it.
Incensed at statewide corruption, Susan decided to run for office. She focused her platform on transparency and accountability. She quickly gained support within her party and among voters. The campaign was an exhausting effort, and the race was close. Her perseverance was rewarded, however, and she won the district seat.
Jon was a fireman. Him and the rest of his co workers got a call. They went in fire truck and drove to the local park. Someone's cat got stuck on a tree. The fireman got the cat from the tree.
Tom wanted to eat something delicious. He also wanted to be a healthy person. He saw oatmeal raisin cookies at the store. He thought that oatmeal and raisins were both healthy. He bought the oatmeal raisin cookies.
George needed to replace a closet door. He measured to see what size he needed. He drove to the store. He purchased the door. He replaced the closet door as soon as he got home.
Brian wanted to go mountain climbing. He got all his gear together and headed out. The clouds were slowly gathering overhead as he got closer. By the time he reached the foot of the mountain the rain was pouring. Because of the severe weather Brain had to go back home.
Fred is working at his radio job. He is being a goofball on air. After the show his boss asks to speak with him. He is told that his behavior is unacceptable. Fred is fired from his job.
Tom went shopping for jeans. He visited several department stores. He tried on many different jeans. He could not find a pair that fit him well. Tom became upset.
My kindergarten teacher was my idol. Everything she did, I copied. I hated having anything touch my belly button. One day, an adult pointed out that my teacher wasn't bothered by that. From then on, I refused to let anything touching it bother me.
Jane always wanted a pony. She asked her parents for one every year. Finally for her 12th birthday they got her a surprise. It was the pony she always wanted. Jane loved having rich parents.
Bob went to his friend's river house with his pet dog. Everyone went out to the dock to sit in the water. Bob had left his dog in the fenced-in backyard. He thought he heard a splash nearby! His dog had jumped the fence and was swimming toward him!
John had been arrested. He called his wife to post bail for him. His wife did her best to gather money from friends and relatives. Finally, she had collected enough to post bail. She hurried to the police station to bail John out of jail.
Jimmy was doing pull-ups. He wanted to get in shape for his new Year's resolution. He was almost done with his workout when his wrist started hurting. He could not complete the pull-up that he was doing. Jimmy could only do leg exercises that day due to his sore wrist.
Jeff and his friends met up to eat lunch. They all loved Mexican food so they picked a restaurant for that. There were four people in the party so they sat at a booth. They all ordered their food and decided they wanted a drink too. They all enjoyed margaritas with each other.
Susie went to the drugstore. She got some new gum. It tasted amazing. She went and tried ten pieces. But her jaw hurt so she had to stop.
Gina's brother was in trouble. He was caught throwing rocks. Her father dragged the boy into the house. Gina stood on the porch listening through the screen door. He was in big trouble, and Gina loved every minute of it.
Josh goes to college tomorrow. He is very nervous and did not sleep at all during the night. When the day comes, he goes to orientation. He meets a lot of people and become friends with them. He feels much better about college now.
Ben loved street racing. He and his friends would load up in his car every night and race. Eventually his youthful foolishness caught up to him. He lost control of the car and landed in a ditch. Everyone was ok but he doesn't have a car to race in now.
Our friends the Smiths live in NH. Cathy's family lives in Florida. She took her husband and kids to visit her mom and dad. Nobody could sleep as Cathy's mom has a dozen cuckoo clocks. The second night they stayed at a hotel.
Becky made a lot of money working at a bank, but she hated her job. Her childhood dream was to work with horses. Becky quit the bank and got a job at an equestrian center. Her first day on the job, a horse kicked her in the head. After a hospital stay, Becky went back to work at the bank.
Ernesto the cat likes to run in the roof. Every night he goes outside and chases around other cats. One time, a big cat got angry and chased Ernesto back. Ernesto got really scared and run away. He came back to his house to ask for hugs.
Jon won the lead role in his school play. He had an over-inflated opinion of his own acting skills. Jon didn't think he needed to take part in rehearsals. Jon was embarrassed when he forgot several of his lines. Jon regretted missing the rehearsals.
James was playing flag football with his friends. He was playing wide receiver. James went up to catch the football. The football hit him right in the fingers. James had to sit out the rest of the game with a sore hand.
Tom didn't trust the banks. He kept most of his money in cash. He would bury it out in his yard. One day Tom had a heart attack and died. Everyone dug up his yard looking for money.
Let me tell you about the time I broke my foot. It happened at a hotel, during a business trip. There was a power outage on the day I checked out of the hotel. As I carried my heavy suitcase down the stairs, I tripped on a step. As soon as I tried to stand up, I could tell I had broken my foot.
Richard had never been to a baseball game. His uncle bought tickets for the two of them to go to a game. He excitedly walked into the baseball stadium. A ball was hit into Richard's direction. Richard caught the foul ball.
Susie saw a blog on making coconut milk. She decided she wanted to try it. She got the ingredients together. It turned out great. She made it for the neighborhood and they all loved it.
Adam was a junior, but he had a huge crush on a senior named Joana. He loved to write songs on his guitar, so he wrote one just for her. Then, gathering his nerve he played it for her during free period. Joanna's face lit up at the emotion of Adam's song. She asked him for a date right then and there!
Ashlynn Loved Facebook. She had many different friends she chatted with daily. Her friend, Lori, made a negative comment about Donald Trump. Ashlynn and Lori got into a flame war. Lori deleted Ashlynn from Facebook.
Gina and her friend Mary were researching dolphins for a project. And Mary had taken all the books about dolphins. Gina was furious. But she knew she had to hide it. She knew if she yelled at Mary, she wouldn't share the books.
I climbed the pool ladder to the top rung. On the wooden post was a cicada shell. There was a bright green new cicada struggling to climb out. I was excited because I'd never seen it before. I stood on the ladder and watched.
Jim started humming a tune. His friends became annoyed. Jim was completely oblivious. His friends finally told him to stop humming. Jim stopped humming and started singing out loud.
Sal and his wife flew to Hawaii for vacation. After their vacation they went back to the airport. The airline had overbooked the flight. They asked for volunteers to stay in Hawaii an extra day. Sal and his wife were happy to volunteer!
Sally wanted a new beagle puppy. She went to the pet store to look for one. She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder. Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked. Sally bought the puppy and brought it home.
Drew was walking home. It started to rainy outside. He began to run to his house. Unfortunately his foot hit a large log during the run. He ended up bending his ankle and fell on the floor.
Jack had a speedometer on his bike. And he continually tried to ride faster than he could before. People began watching him. And he announced that he would ride over his top speed of 50 MPH. Everyone was impressed when he broke his personal speed record.
I had the longest day at work. I was swamped with work. Two of my coworkers called out. I had to pick up a lot of their work. I was so happy to finally leave.
Tina went on a trip. She went downtown. She ended up going shopping. She saw the nicest dress. Thankfully she got it.
Jane had a duplex neighbor named Bonnie. Bonnie liked to feed birds with bird feeders, in their shared yard. Jane couldn't sleep sometimes, due to the noise of these birds. Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane's window. Bonnie complied, and still feeds birds from another location.
We bought a vcr in 2014. I did not want to pay $10 a month for a dvr. The vcr did not record properly and we returned it. We ended up getting a dvr in 2015. The dvr is much better than a vcr.
Laura wanted to buy a book to read on the plane. She wasn't sure what a good book was. She read some reviews online while shopping. After she read the reviews she looked for the book. When she found the book she checked out and went home!
Alex always wanted to go to China. She decided to ask her spouse if they could go for her birthday. Her spouse agreed and they planned the places they wanted to visit. They bought a travel package months in advance. They left on the day of Alex   s fiftieth birthday.
Ever since he was a little boy, my son has loved Christmas. He is now twenty two and still loves Christmas. He always wears Christmas sweaters and Christmas socks. Last night, he put up 3,000 Christmas lights. He really is our Mister Christmas!
Ed was driving down the highway. All of a sudden it felt like something was wrong. He pulled over to the side of the road. When he got out of the car, he saw one of his tires was flat. He put on the spare tire that was in his trunk.
Marsha came to visit her mother's house one day. She noticed that her mother was quite distraught. Several lightbulbs had gone out and her mother couldn't reach them! Marsha brought over a ladder and helped her mother change the bulbs. Her mother praised and thanked her for the help.
Karen was at the grocery store. She was trying to pick a good, fresh bell pepper. Suddenly, she bumped one of the peppers. All of them began to tumble off of the display. She quickly put them all back and then hurried away.
Cathy recently visited India. Cathy had the opportunity to ride an elephant while there. At first, Cathy was scared, but the trainer calmed her down. Once on the elephant, Cathy was amazed at how calm the animal was. Cathy vowed if she returned to India she would ride an elephant again.
Edmond was worried about his English grade. He spent extra time practicing his writing. Edmond studied from his English text. When the next exam came, Edmond was ready. Edmond passed the course with ease.
Leah woke up to find a thick layer of snow outside. She was ecstatic when she found out school was cancelled. Leah planned some fun activities for the day. However, before these activities, she decided she would sleep more. She was upset when she woke up that evening to find she slept all day.
Ron is a young tree trimmer that works for my father. Last weekend he fell off the ladder. He broke his leg and his collar bone. Everyone brought him get well gifts. Ron doesn't climb up ladders anymore.
Maria is sick of her life in mexico. She decides to head to the states. She goes on a trip to sneak across the border. Maria successfully crosses the border. Maria enjoys her new life in america.
One day my cat climbed up a tree. He was stuck and could not get down. My friend came over with a ladder. I had to climb up the ladder and rescue my cat. My cat does not climb trees anymore.
I was fishing in the Chandeleur Islands off of Louisiana. I was fishing for rainbow trout. Someone came and gave me a new bait. That helped a lot. I used it for the rest of the trip.
My friend Gino twisted his knee a few weeks ago. When it still hurt he went to the doctor. He had to get an MRI. He had an ACL tear and will need surgery. He is upset as he cannot play sports for a year.
Tom loved automobiles. He wanted to improve the appearance of his vehicle. Tom purchased large rims for his car. Tom had the rims installed. Tom liked the new appearance of his car.
Bobby was a huge fan of Nintendo. When they released a new console, he was very excited. He mowed lawns all summer to save up money. It took him three months to save up. When he finally had enough, he bought the console.
My wife is retiring this week. She wanted to get the photos off her computer. She asked for my help. On Sunday I went and put her computer photos onto a flash drive. I then deleted her photos from the company computer.
Ellis loved the sun. She loved playing outside with her friends. One day, it was cloudy and she was sad. She then played inside the entire day. The next day, it was sunny and Ellis was happy.
Brenda was a big girl and believed she was to be forever alone. She cried every night to sleep, thinking she deserved the pain. One day after work she met a young man who was nice to her. They soon fell in love and he made her feel like the stars. Brenda was still big but she believed she was the happiest of all.
We have been looking for dim sum in Cambridge for a year. We found that Doordash delivers from restaurants that do not. We searched for dim sum restaurants in our area. Sadly, we could not find any dim sum places in Door Dash, We will have to go to Chinatown.
Tom spent a day at the oncology ward at his local hospital. He saw a lot of patients close to dying. Many of them because of lung cancer. Tom decided to stop smoking because of it. The next day he bought patches and gum.
Tom was bored one afternoon. He saw there was a wedding nearby. Tom decided to crash it. At the wedding security spotted him. Tom was kicked out almost immediately.
The teacher was getting frustrated. The students were fooling around and not paying attention. She began to write a difficult problem on the board. Someone threw a paper airplane at her. She left the room sobbing and never taught again.
Sue loved to cook. Her speciality was meat loaf. One night as she was cooking, she forgot to buy tomato sauce. Sue had to get creative. She made a substitution of ketchup and it was great.
For Halloween the Smith family always dressed up. The parents usually threw an outside party. They invited friends and family to celebrate with them. Everybody went in costumes. By the end of the night they all sat around a big bonfire.
Natalie wanted to beat her older brother in a basketball game. She practiced hard every day for two weeks straight. Natalie's brother teased her, telling her she would never win. She started to become a better player because of practicing. The day of the game she was confident and sure enough she did win.
Sam's girlfriend wished him a happy birthday. She also allowed him to go anywhere he wanted. He took this into consideration and called a few friends. They went to gable at a local casino. He lost all of his birthday money but enjoyed himself.
I met my best friend in first grade. We had a lot of shared interests. We enjoyed playing together. We stayed in contact throughout the years. We both have children of our own now.
Susie say a girl was playing ball. She wanted to play with her too. So she went ahead and asked for permission. The girl said no. Susie then started to cry.
I was feeling very tired. I had several more hours to go at work. On my break, I stopped by the store to get an energy drink. I drank it very quickly. I finished the rest of my work quickly.
It was a nice Autumn day and Jacob has his friends over for a grill. The local college football game was on and Jacob was very excited. While he was grilling outside, he heard his friends scream. Jacob ran inside to see his team score a goal but realized something. When he went back outside the food was burnt on the grill.
Melissa really hated spinach. In fact, she would eat anything but spinach. One day, she had nothing in her fridge. The only thing in it was a little spinach. After eating it, Melissa decided that spinach tasted fine.
I taught my dog a new trick. In the mornings he brings me my newspaper. Last week it was raining really hard. I tried to tell him to stay inside. But instead I had to deal with a soggy paper in bed.
Lauren always wanted to be the first of her friends to be engaged. She joined an online dating site to meet a good man. Finally she met a man who she liked. After a year of dating, he asked Lauren to marry him. Lauren is so happy to be engaged before her friends.
I bought myself a daily planner. I've been using it to track my projects day to day. I simply check off daily tasks when they're done. But I find that I leave a lot of things unchecked. I may need to scale back my expectations of myself.
The boy climbed the tree. He could see his house from the tree. He saw his dad on the porch. His dad was smoking. His dad was not supposed to smoke.
Joaquin Dorbnob was the greatest locksmith in all the land. One day he received a practice lock with no key. He worked at it for hours. He nearly cracked it even. Unfortunately Joaquin went insane before he could open the lock.
Kelly decided to check out the restaurant down the street. She ended up liking it a lot. Yet when she took her friends there however, they didn't like it. The girls never wanted to go back. Kelly decided she wouldn't take them again.
I made a 23. That was a point higher than my first time. I had a little more energy when I went in the second time. I was able to answer more of the questions. I thought I could go higher than a 22.
Tom was a young police detective for the LAPD. Tom was assigned to be an undercover cop at a local high school. The high school was located on 22 jump street. Tom successfully arrested two teenage drug dealers. Tom remains an undercover cop on 22 Jump Street.
I bought a new boat but it needed a new motor. First, I had to take the old motor out and dispose of it. Then, I went to the store and picked out a new motor. The salesman said they would install it for free. The next day they installed it and now my boat is awesome.
There was a family that loved vacationing. They traveled all over the world. Their favorite country to visit was Italy. They decided to stay there for a month. However, they eventually needed to move back home.
Ollie's new puppy doesn't know how to climb steps. He tries calling her from his room, but she just whines. Mom says he needs to give the puppy a reason to try. He leaves a trail of bacon up the steps. The puppy is upstairs in no time, chewing the bacon.
Claire wasn't sure what to buy her dad for Christmas. She thought long and hard. Then she decided to get him a fancy new tie. On Christmas she happily handed her dad his gift. He told Claire it was the nicest tie he'd ever owned!
Mark didn't sleep well. He was worried about losing his job. There was a big meeting scheduled for that morning. Mark was so tired that he fell asleep during the meeting. Mark got fired for sleeping during the big meeting.
My fingers were swelling from arthritis. I didn't know how I would work. I tried putting ice on them. I also took some aleve. It finally went down so I could type.
Alex realized he needed to do laundry when he had no clean clothes. Alex then found he had no laundry soap. He also noticed that there was a huge puddle under the washer. He piled his dirty clothes into his car. Alex took his clothes to his Mom   s house for her to clean.
The whole school had gathered in the auditorium. The talent show was about to begin. The band took the stage and began to rock. They won the contest easily. Everyone agreed that they were the best act.
Henry needs money. Henry has an idea. He goes to the bank. He tries to rob the bank. He is caught and taken to jail.
Megan took her dog to the park. He ran like a wild one after the birds. She had to chase after him. He took off with the leash. He then pulled Megan through the pond at the park.
Brandon signed up for the Air Force after graduating high school. He was under the impression that it would be easy and fun. He soon found out that he was very wrong. Brandon hated everything about the Air Force. He devised a plan to fake sleepwalking and got a medical discharge.
Carlin needed to put her daughter on a flight. They had an issue with her ID checking in. The time made them miss the flight entirely. Carlin had to work the issue out at the desk. Her daughter was finally able to board a plane hours later.
The Smith family decided they wanted to take a trip to the zoo. The trip took about an hour as the family got stuck in traffic. The moment the Smiths arrived, they rushed over to the elephants. The family marveled at how fun it was to feed the large animals. By the end of the trip, the family had taken hundreds of photos.
Dan wanted to go dancing. Dan decided he would go to a local night club. After finding something to wear, Dan drove to the club. Once there, Dan requested his favorite song be played. Dan had a great time dancing to his favorite song at the club.
On Tuesday we drove to Virginia Beach. We visited the Virginia aquarium. We saw an IMAX movie about the ocean. They liked the shark exhibit the best. We were there for three hours and had a great time.
Summer wants to join the school's marching band. She practices long and hard at her trombone playing for auditions. The night before auditions, Summer can hardly sleep with nervousness. The next day, she gets on stage and plays her very best. That next week, Summer got a letter saying she was accepted!
One day I was innocently eating my food in McDonald's. When I arrived home I had to book my trip out of the country. I was leaving the next day, and as I was booking I realized something. I had left my backpack with my passport and money in McDonald's. I scurried over and thanks to God my backpack had been stored.
I met this little boy in the third grade. His name was billy. Billy and i fought the first day of school. Two weeks later we became first friends. From the third grade to adult we are still best friends.
Todd was mowing his yard. There was a snake in the grass. Todd passed over the snake. It killed the snake. Todd was disgusted with the mess.
I went running with my friend. We met up at my house. We ran to the park and back. When we got back to my house, we realized we had run two miles. We were so proud of ourselves.
Jay was running late on his way to watch his favorite football team. In his hurry, he wrecked near the stadium. A police officer helpfully drove him to the stadium. Jay's car could still be driven after the accident. Jay drove his car home safely.
Jax started dating Carmen. However, Jax met a new girl Tiffany in Vegas. Jax started dating Tiffany as well. Jax decided he liked Tiffany more. So Jax broke up with Carmen.
I had a dream about a piglet last night. He was small and pink. I wanted to take him home with me. He was the cutest pig I'd ever seen. I woke up sad that he wasn't real.
We used to go to the Paramount Theater when we were kids. The theater had a large marquee. It served good ice cream. We saw 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea there. The theater closed down, but was recently renovated and reopened.
Tom was going to a house party. He thought he put the right directions in his gps. Unfortunately he got the wrong street. Tom drove out to the middle of nowhere. He had to call to figure out the real address again.
Diane started working at the necktie factory. The workers decided to unionize, and elected Diane union president. Diane convinced management to give the workers more breaks. Productivity increased, and the mood of the workers improved. Due to her success, Diane was re-elected as union president.
Mike wanted to play connect four with me! We set the game up and had to figure out who goes first. We had a coin flip to decide! He went first and selected 3. When the game was close to ending I won!
Mike was at a burger restaurant. And he ordered a cheeseburger and a milkshake. But he noticed that there was hair in his burger. So he told the waiter about it. Mike wasn't given a new burger and he left.
I had smoked for 3 years. I was tired of wasting my money. I was tired of coughing. I put out my last cigarette halfway though. I have not picked one up since.
Samantha was craving mashed potatoes for dinner. She realized that she only have vanilla soy milk. It was too late in the evening to drive into town to the store. Samantha decided to just use what she had available. Her vanilla-flavored potatoes tasted more like dessert than dinner.
Little Billy had a crush on a cute girl in his class. Billy decided to ask the girl out on a date. The girl told Billy that she wouldn't date him because he had cooties. The next day Billy sat on his front porch thinking about relationships. Billy decided that he would never ask a girl out ever again.
I woke up late this morning. I guess I forgot to set my alarm. Or I may have turned it off in my sleep without realizing. I jumped out of bed and threw on my clothes. I was so frazzled but I made it to work with 2 minutes to spare.
We like to climb stairs. We climb them everyday. Sometimes we fall. Today we tried to climb a lot of stairs. We made it all the way to the top.
Benny told me that I'm ready to ride the bike without training wheels. He took them off and offered the bike. I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off. I stumbled a couple of times however, I rode smoothly afterwards. The bike wasn't leaning or falling on one side.
John didn't have a dishwasher and hated cleaning dishes. He piled them up until there were none available left. Then he'd put some music on and clean them all. But eventually he had no more time to do it anymore. So he hired a maid to do it for him.
I was racing my brother through the park on our bicycles. I lost control while trying to shift and crashed my bike. My arm was broken in three spots and I wore a cast for 2 months. I couldn't run track that season, which really upset me. I never rode a bike again after that.
Because someone close to Dani had taken his life she helped others. She volunteered at a suicide prevention hotline. It was hard for her sometimes but mostly she was glad she did it. She never thought she would ever be in that situation in her life. She just figures that maybe she could help someone choose differently.
Jim's house was broken into last week. He woke up in the middle of the night to a loud crash. By the time he got downstairs, several things were missing. He called the police, but the suspect was never found. Jim said he would get a home security system afterwards.
Janet had been feeling tired and unwell for a week. Janet mentioned this to her doctor during her check-up. Janet's doctor couldn't see anything wrong. He decided to run some blood tests. The next day he called Janet and told her she was pregnant!
Tom loved eating at restaurants. His favorite was Mexican food. A new mexican restaurant opened up near him. He immediately went there to try it. He loved the fajitas.
Today I boiled two dozen eggs. Were are going to use the eggs for Easter. My son and I are going to dye the eggs tomorrow. This will be the first Easter with my son. I am very excited to color the eggs I boiled today.
I was at a fancy restaurant. I ordered the lobster. Unfortunately, the bill was 60 dollars. I couldn't pay the bill. After ten hours of washing dishes, I was able to leave.
Marco ate his soup sloppily and got a stain on it. He excused himself and went into the nearest restroom. Marco turned on the faucet and ran some cool water through the stain. After a few seconds, the majority of the soup was out. He waited for the shirt to dry before returning to the table.
I was sitting at work, by the front door on a normal day. A woman burst through the door with a towel wrapped around her head. The woman was was crying and screaming, her head was bleeding! She asked me to take her to the hospital, so I drover her in her car. She was ok and later she sent me flowers, a thank you for helping her.
Megan was going to go to the top of the tower. She was incredibly nervous. She sat in silence while she went up. She was terrified of heights. In the end though, she felt good about it.
Tom loved going hunting. Deer season just started. He got beer and a gun. He spent hours out alone. He didn't catch anything and didn't care.
The woman's son loved Minecraft. He wanted that as the theme for his party. She decorated the room and made some treats. All his friends came over to celebrate. It was a fun party.
Libby's friend Becki moved away for a new job. This made Libby feel lonely and sad. Becki phoned Libby and they talked all night. They arranged for Libby to go and visit for a holiday. Libby loved seeing her friend and felt much happier.
The Tolberts  went to their summer house in Georgia every summer. The had made many family memories there over the years. Regrettably, there was a break in the other night that started a fire. Their summer home was destroyed in the fire. The Tolberts now just drive across the country during the summer.
Kylie was at the mall looking for a new sweater. She was browsing when she bumped into a familiar face. The person was her old friend Olivia from grade school. The two used to be close but had drifted apart. Kylie invited her to get coffee and the two reconnected.
Neil was visiting Indonesia. He took a train to the city of Bali. There, he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting The waters and landscapes were amazing. Neil wished he could live in Bali!
My grandniece is an individualized learning program. She has been in one from 7 to 18. This year she had more issues learning. Her high school recommended an offsite program for 45 days. She starts in two weeks and hopes to graduate next year.
Jack really wanted to open a restaurant. He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint. Jack had no idea how to run a restaurant. Nobody came to his restaurant because his food was terrible. Jack had to shut down his restaurant due to poor business.
Sue has a big test tomorrow. She decided to pull an all-nighter to study. She went to class the next day and was prepared. When the teacher passed out the test, she was ready. Sue made an A on her test.
Tom was going out at night. He wasn't sure how cold it would be. He decided to wear a light coat. Once out Tom realized it was too cold for that. Tom eventually went home early.
Robert always wanted a house full of sons. His wife Lucy even had the names picked out for their future sons. They were ecstatic to be expecting triplet boys. On the day of the babies arrival they were told a mistake was made. Instead of boys they were having all girls.
My grandmother has a few apple trees. Once I got to pick some of them. My little brother was bragging about how much he picked. My granddad said he was counting instead of picking. We each filled up a five gallon bucket.
My cousin took me to a local restaurant. We ordered a large pizza. Since she never tasted the food there, she didn't know if it was good. I began to start sneezing. To make matters worse, I caught an allergy.
Sam passed by a door every day on his way to his first class. He asked everyone where the door led, but nobody knew. Sam decided to open the door one day. Behind the door was a bunch of janitorial supplies. Sam was sent to detention for tampering with school property.
Tom was ranked number 8 on the high school tennis team. Toms high school coach was not a good coach. Toms friend found a coach that coached professional tennis players. Tom began taking lessons from this new coach. Tom quickly became #2 on his team, only second to his friend.
Tim wanted expensive headphones. But he could not afford them. He was desperate enough to look for a used version. And he found one for a quarter of the cost. But when Tim received them, they were dirty and torn.
Jack and Maureen have been dating for a few Year's. Jack has said that he feels too young to get married. However, Jack's mother pressures him to marry Maureen. Finally he buys a ring and asks for her hand in marriage. Jack feels nervous to be getting married.
Josh was driving home from work. A dog ran across the street. Josh tried to veer across the road. Josh spun off the road. He had to call a tow truck for his car.
My nephew's wife is very obese. She talks about dieting but overeats. Last weekend she posted on FB she was going to a feast in the city. She ate a good meal at an Italian restaurant. I think she is not afraid of being embarrassed.
Bernie wanted to learn to do acetylene welding. He decided to take a class to gain the skill. Bernie enjoyed the class, but just could not get the weld to work. The metal kept falling apart when he melted it. Finally, Bernie's instructor taught him to press the pieces correctly.
Jessica bought a plane ticket to travel to see her brother. She got to the airport, checked her luggage, and went to the gate. When she boarded the plane, she got an awesome window seat! After two hours, the plane landed in Texas. When she got off the plane, her brother was waiting for her!
Liza was the jack champion of Miss Smith's third grade class. None of the girls could beat her. When Jackson challenged her she laughed. If a girl couldn't beat her there was no way a boy could! She was stunned when Jackson won.
Charles wanted to be a successful writer. But, at the age of forty one, he hadn't accomplished anything. He had started a book about a year ago. He decided to persevere and finish the book. He self published the title and then got a call from a publisher.
Phillip suspected his wife of cheating. He decided to come home early from work to catch her. He pulled the car into the driveway and cut the engine. When he peeked in the window, he saw his wife watching Jeopardy. Philip felt bad about the mistrust and went back to work.
Gabby had a lizard and her name was Lulu. Lulu was a very playful lizard and she liked to climb. One day she climbed out of her cage and went up the drapes. Gabby was afraid she would fall and that it would hurt her. She got a chair and was able to get Lulu down safely.
The playground was boring. The park decided to add a fun slide. It was huge! The kids in the neighborhood all went down it dozens of times. It was a great addition to the park!
Susie was a scientist. She studies pond scum. One day she cut through her glove while working. Susie got her finger infected with a rare algae. She was very sick for weeks but eventually recovered.
Madison was excited when she heard her favorite show was online. She immediately signed in and tried to watch it. Unfortunately her internet connection was weak. The show wouldn't load no matter how many times she tried. Madison resigned herself to another boring night.
The seamstress attempted to thread her machine. The needle broke. She went to the store to purchase more. She made the repair and continued sewing. The dress turned out beautifully.
In a game show, a man was down to the final trivia question. The host asked him the question. The man was so stressed that he began to sweat. He sweat through his shirt. The host laughed at how much the man was sweating.
Yesterday I didn't feel like cooking. But I was starving. So I decided to go get Chinese food. I walked to the restaurant and asked for some. I ate my food and then I was full.
Wally was in detention. To get out, he said his mother was ill. So the principal called the mom. The mother was fine. Wally got 5 more detentions.
Gus is a good dog except on rainy days. When it rains, Gus barks and runs around. If he hears the rainy falling he paws at the glass door. Gus's owners bought a thundershirt to make Gus calmer on rainy days. Gus is now a good dog every day.
Tim was on his way to work. There was a wreck on the other side of the road. Tim's side was mostly clear. Tim decided to look over at the wreck. He crashed and caused his own wreck causing him to be late.
David had soccer practice in the morning. But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter. When he arrived at soccer practice, it was over 100 degrees. The coach heard there was a heat warning. So soccer practice was only half as long.
Two persons were walking by the road, and they bumped into each other. One of them asked the other one to forgive him for his mistake. The other one too did the same, just more profusely. To this, the first one said he was blind, and hence didn't saw him. The other replied that he too was blind, and both shared a good laugh.
Sandi was very unhappy in her marketing job. After serious consideration, Sandi decided to quit her job. Sandi reviewed in her head the talk she would have with her boss. Sandi then drafted her official resignation letter. Sandi went into work and gave her two weeks notice.
Finley, the dog, jumped up barking. He ran straight to the door. He started ringing his bell so that he could be let outside. His master opened the door. There right in front of Finley was a big yellow cat.
Tom drove a cab nights, saving up for film school. It took a long time, but he finally was able to enroll. His teacher insulted his first student film. Tom was hurt, and he dropped out. A decade later, he was directing Hollywood features.
Gina wanted to wear a pair of earrings she liked. But one was missing a hook. She looked through her jewelry box for the hook. The hook was not in the box. Gina realized she couldn't wear them until she found a new hook.
Rita took out her knife. She whittled down the piece of wood. It soon started to take the shape of a face. She finished it and gave it to her grandson. She said this would be his guardian.
Billy always wanted to learn how to surf. The only problem was he didn't know how to swim! He went to the pool one weekend to learn but couldn't figure it out. The life guard saw her struggling and gave him a free lesson. He learned quickly and was soon on a surfboard!
Karl claimed to have a special gift. He said he was a psychic. No one believed him. He brought all his friends together to do a reading. He was determined to prove that he could see the future.
Sam needed new tires for his car. He kept procrastinating on getting them. One day it was raining out and Sam tried to stop. He slid and hit a pole. It convinced him to change his tired immediately.
James is out on a walk with his horse. They travel down a beaten path together. James leads his horse to a small stream. The two of them just enjoy the peace of the woods. After awhile, the two head back together.
I was very angry at my brother. He came into my bedroom and punched me in the stomach. I doubled over, unable to breathe. I got up and looked for my little league bat. I hit him in the head with it.
There was a tough time for workers during the depression. The ones who made it though had to be tough. Mental toughness is something to work on. When you stay positive and tough you can make it through anything. That's the goal of life.
Jason loved board games. He felt like they were full of strategy and variety. Yet, his friends found no interest in them. He begged and begged for them to join. Happily, he managed to convince them to join him!
Kelsey is a minor celebrity. She has lots of social media followers. One day, her accounts get hacked. Lots of personal information about Kelsey is released. Kelsey has to quit social media as a result.
Miranda stood in the aisle with a book in each hand. She read the backs of both books but couldn't decide which to get. She put them both down and selected another book. She put that book back and started to leave the store. At the counter was the perfect book and she bought it to take home.
Eddie's school was having a jelly bean guessing contest. The winner got the whole jar. Eddie spent time every morning looking at the jar. On the last day he put in his guess of 1,564. He was only 122 beans off, easily winning the prize!
We have a large fig tree. We also have four chickens. Our chickens love to eat figs. They  jump up to try to get the ripe figs. We have to pick the figs before they eat them all!
Mandy was on a family vacation. One night, her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes. Mandy started washing the dishes. She was just finishing up when someone brought her even more dishes. Finally, she finished for good.
Alfred could hardly sleep for he was so worried. Tomorrow, Alfred would be attending his first college class. The hours of the night disappeared and yet he couldn't sleep. About one hour before he was suppose to wake up, he fell asleep. Alfred woke up up two hours after his last class ended.
I collect transit maps. Many transit properties will send you a map for free. I received maps from NYC, Chicago, Boston, and London. I sold some of my excess maps on ebay. I still have the London map, though.
Jacky was doing dishes when she heard a scream from outside. She ran out and saw that her son had fallen off his bike. She rushed to his side and picked him up. Her son cried and pointed at a scrape on his elbow. Jacky kissed his elbow and he felt a lot better!
Some friends and I went to an amusement park. They wanted to get on the roller coaster. I hated roller coasters as a kid, but I was an adult now. When I got on the ride, I screamed like a baby. I never got on a roller coaster again.
Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window. He asked his mother if he could play in the snow. His mother suggested they build a snowman. Bob really liked the idea. Bob and his mother built a great snowman.
Jason was working security at a club. Two men began to fight. Jason rushed to break up the fight. Jason ushered the men outside. He waited with the men while the police arrived.
Sandra didn't have any money. She decided to get a job. Sandra started working at a fast food restaurant. Later she wanted a job that she liked better. Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions.
I decided to wait until I got home to study. However, my day was exhausting. I made multiple runs across my school campus. When studying, I dozed off on a bench near a class. My friend threw water on me to wake me up.
Amy had fake nails that needed to be redone. One day at the beach she pushed her hands deep in the sand. Her nail broke while in the sand. When she pulled her hand out there was sand in the cracks. The pain was intense as she cleaned the sand from the wound.
Deanna wasn't feeling well. She was itching uncontrollably and it was driving her nuts. She went to see an allergist. They did tests and discovered she was allergic to her new perfume. Deanna stopped using that perfume and got better quickly.
Amelia was shopping for a dress. She found a dress she liked. It had a small stain. The stain was hardly noticeable. Amelia got the dress for a discounted price.
I did not drink beer until I was 26. I was a night school grad student. I took a seminar in science and society. The professor offered us beer in his lab. I had a Coors.
Tom got a book from the library. He forgot to return it. After a while Tom couldn't remember where he left the book. Tom called the library to pay for it. He was charged a small fee.
Toby was looking for a date to the dance. He had asked almost every girl in school. He thought his luck had just run out. Then his best friend April decided to ask him. Toby was so excited and happy he finally had a date to the dance.
Sally wanted to get married. So she found a man willing to marry her. And wore her prettiest dress on the big day. But one of bridesmaids was jealous. And threw red punch at Sally during the reception.
While I worked at the grocery store, my third grade teacher came in. She went through my line with a forlorn expression. I said hello, and she asked how old I was now. I told her I was 18, and she started to cry. She told me she was so happy I had made it to adulthood.
James was sitting down at the food court. An old lady noticed a wallet in his pocket. She tried to sneak behind him. When she was close, she took his wallet quickly and ran. He was able to catch up to her since she was slow.
Ethan wants to save the world. He understands he is just one person. One day he decided to recycle his garbage. The next day he took a shorter shower. Ethan knows little things will make a difference.
Ethan found a wallet in the men's room one day. He looked inside and saw money and credit cards. Ethan was tempted by the cash. But then he resolved to do the right thing. Ethan took the wallet to the lost-and-found right away.
Shelly was walking down the beach looking for shells. She started to notice that the whole beach had cleared. She thought it was way too lovely of a day for no one to be out. That is when she noticed a huge wave coming for her. The high tide was about to hit her and she couldn't get away.
James got a new job at an animal kennel. He got to walk and feed dogs twice a day. He found it to be dirty work. It was also super rewarding too. The dogs greeted James with such joy each time they saw him.
It was Ben's first day of school. He was worried about his shoes. He couldn't afford a name brand pair. But when he arrived at school, no one even noticed. Ben was very relieved.
Mary got a new job. She was not even looking for one. Someone had recommended her for the position. She was very surprised. She accepted the job immediately.
Kurt was in a bad car accident. He was side swiped by another vehicle. He couldn't afford to fix his car. Somehow it still worked so he drove it around like that. Finally he was warned to stop or get a ticket.
The family was renovating their home. They knocked down a wall between the kitchen and living room. It really opened up the space! They loved the changes. They got to work planning their next project.
Julian had a bit of bad luck. He met a woman he liked but she was always busy. He called her day after day without any result. He finally understood one day that the woman didn't care. Julian broke up with her the first chance he got.
Melanie picked me up to go to her house. We planned to watch a movie. We stopped at Burger King on the way. She ordered a whopper and fries. She ate them during the movie.
Lulu had to go to the doctors. She was due for a shot. The thought scared her. She got all her stuff and headed over. When shot happened, lulu screamed.
There was a unique pair of louboutin sandals Lucy had to have. The sandals were leather with gold studs and a red sole. Even though the shoes were rare, Lucy searched day and night for them, She called every boutique she could think of. Finally by chance, she stumbled across a pair.
Today my son and I built a snowman. We had so much fun that we decided to build one tomorrow too. We have been going through old clothes looking for a hat. We have not been able to find any hats at all. We decided to go buy one in the morning for our next snowman.
The museum had closed for the week. They were getting a very famous work of art installed. It would have a designated security guard and a lot of alarms. It prepared to reopen a few days later. A crowd had already formed outside.
Darby sorely desired to succeed as a poet. She attended many conferences and spoken word events. She sent her work to agents and publications. The responses were tepid when they were even existent. Darby never gave up her dream.
Andrew was excited because him and his family were going skiing. They drove to big bear. They went to the spot where everyone was skiing. Andrew was a bit nervous about skiing. Andrew started to ski and managed to not fall.
I am trying to set up a lightning fast computer display. It should have no input lag from anywhere. Unfortunately I am running out of cable room. So I have had to settle for somewhat slower wireless peripherals. Still, the difference is a matter of mere milliseconds.
Tammy was tired of cleaning all the time. She hired a maid. The maid came over and cleaned the whole house in a few hours. Tammy was thrilled to come home to a clean house. She signed a long-term contract with the maid.
My mom made a this fudge for Christmas. She put some on the platter and left it in the basement. She then locked the dog down there because it was begging. When she went to get the fudge and it was gone. The dog ate the whole platter of it.
Ed and his friends put red white and blue streamers on their bikes. They attached American flags to their bike handles. They were riding them in the Independence Day parade. They were even wearing red shirts and blue jeans. They felt proud as they rode along with the floats.
Britt loved her holey jeans. They were trendy and looked cute. She decided to wear them to school. Little did she know they were against the dress policy. When she got to first period, she was immediately written up.
Joe's car was dirty. He got on his car and drove to the beach. Joe paid to get his car washed and waxed. Joe watched as his car was washed. Joe's car was now washed.
I started a company with a few friends. There was a hard first year of slogging with no reward. It has started to gain traction. Our social media accounts are gaining considerable followings. I am very excited for the year to come.
Beth was walking down a forest trail. She heard something rustling in the leaves nearby. Beth felt nervous and grabbed her pepper spray. A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her. Beth laughed out loud, and breathed a sigh of relief.
It was pitch black on the battlefield. Private James saw a light flash in a bush. He believed it was his fellow soldiers. James shouted out to the bush to see if they were friendly. The light shut off and James was being shot at.
Abby recently was invited on a fishing trip with her brother. Abby had never been on a fishing trip before, and was a bit nervous. However, Abby's brother reassured her that she would have fun. Abby knew that her brother was right, and she became relaxed. Abby was excited about her upcoming fishing trip.
Gina's family didn't have an air conditioner. And it was the hottest day of the year. She walked to the store and bought an ice cream treat. She walked home eating the treat. Half of the ice cream melted before she could eat it.
Jay was training his new dog Rex. He taught Rex to sit, roll over, and beg. At first Rex did not respond. But gradually he grew better and better. Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience!
I was babysitting my four year old brother. He began throwing things everywhere. He hit me in the eye with a plate. I put him in time out for five minutes. After that he was well behaved.
Bob wanted to do something special for his son. He wanted to take him on a snowboarding trip. They rented snowboards and took a tram to the top of the mountain. His son fell down many times. Eventually Bob was able to teach his son how to stand up properly.
Joan was a realtor. She always lived in an apartment, herself. She grew tired of finding houses for other people. One day, she decided to buy a house! Joan finally had a home of her own.
For Christmas, I wanted to give everyone in my family a hat. I bought all the yarn and got to work. My fingers hurt as I crocheted and crocheted, but I didn't stop. By Christmas, I had each hat made uniquely for the recipient. They were a hit!
Beth wanted to have a new look. She went to the mall for inspiration. She ended up buying a dress that was very unlike her. It was flashy and sparkly. She felt amazing in it.
Susan decided to go on a road trip. She packed all her belongings in the trunk of her car. When she was able to leave, her car wouldn't start. Susan went to the car dealership to get her car fixed. The dealership gave her a rental car so that she could go on her trip.
Joe got married. Joe and his wife bought a new house. They began to get short on money. This caused them to argue a lot. They then remembered that they were in love and stopped fighting.
Our recent dog just passed away. We wanted a new dog to fill the void. We went to the local shelter. We looked all over the shelter until we seen a mix breed dog. The mix breed dog was cute so we brought him home immediately.
Megan is walking home. On her way she passes a busy street. While on the street a car hits her. She goes flying through the air. Megan is taken to the hospital for her injuries.
It was raining this weekend at Sally's house. She stared out the window for two hours and watched the rainy. Then the police pulled up. The officer banged on the door loudly. Sally answered the door, spoke to the officer, and the officer left.
Roy liked to dig for rocks. Roy found many shiny rocks. He decided to bring them to a prospector. His rocks turned out to be diamonds! Roy sold them and became rich beyond his dreams!
Collin operated a dog grooming business. He groomed several dogs a day. Everyone loved bringing their dogs to Collin. His business began to grow and it expanded. Collin had to hire more employees.
Rita wanted to go to the park. It was raining hard. She got an umbrella before heading out. When she got to the park, it stopped raining. Rita was glad.
One day, my dog would not stop barking. We went outside to see what he was barking at. Suddenly, we saw a snake on our front porch. The dog was going nuts! Finally, the snake left.
I got a crockpot as a gift. I have never used one before. I found of bunch of recipes to try out. I picked beef stew as my first to try. After about 8 hours, the food was ready.
Erin wanted to learn how to draw. So he went to an art store to buy a few drawing books. He ended up doing lots of reading but was too afraid to draw. But he looked at how sloppy the practice drawings in the book were. And he gained confidence to start practicing.
Bob walked down the street on a snowy afternoon, feeling rotten. He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow. Bob offered to help push the car out. With a mighty combined shove, the car was free! Bob waved then walked away, feeling great.
Liz made cranberry sauce for her family's Thanksgiving dinner. It was the first time she had contributed anything. She was excited to see how much people would like it. She watched her mother take a bite, but she made a face. Liz realized she had forgotten the sugar so it was very sour.
Gerry found life difficult after she lost her hand in an accident. She adapted physically to her new life but socially wasn't as easy. She finally joined a group with similar challenges. She ended up meeting a lot of friends. She also met her boyfriend.
Mary's cat Luna ate a small envelope. A few days later Luna's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic. Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery. Mary agreed to the surgery. Hours later she was told Luna she could take Luna home.
Jason feels he should exercise more. He goes to the sporting good store and buys an exercise bike. Jason puts the exercise bike in front of the TV. Jason changes into exercise clothing. Jason uses the exercise bike while he watches TV.
Jane won a free cruise. She had never been on one before. She was excited throughout the whole trip. It was one of her best experiences. Jane decided to book another one.
Fiona was worried about her husband. He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes. Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar. Fiona decided there was only one thing she could do. She threw all of the sugary food and drinks out.
Cory thought he was a better fisherman than Thomas. Thomas challenged him. Cory agreed. The boys headed to the lake to settle the challenge. Thomas caught ten more fish than Cory.
Annika was very scared to ride her bike. But she saw kids younger than her doing it, and she felt jealous. She decided to practice riding her bike to school. It took twice as long as walking, and she fell several times. She felt so proud of herself for doing it, even though it was hard.
Mark had two dogs, a lab and a pitbull. Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together. He tried to throw balls, give them bones, nothing worked. The dogs did like one single thing that they did together. They loved taking a nap both laying on the same couch.
Joe walked outside into his backyard. He noticed a snake wedged in between some rocks. It was a rattlesnake! Joe called the snake relocation company. They came and removed the snake from his yard.
Sarah was in a hurry to get to work on time. On the way, she got a flat tire. She waved down passing cars to see if she could get help. A man stopped and helped her put her spare tire on. She thanked the man and hurried off to work.
Tim got a new haircut. He didn't like how it looked. His friends tried to assure him it wasn't bad. Tim still felt insecure. He figured it wasn't a big enough deal, though.
Our granddaughter Anna is two and a half. She arrived in Boston from NJ tonight. It was well past her bedtime. She wanted to play but she had to sleep. It took awhile, but she finally fell asleep.
George's wife was very worn out. She was a busy working mom. He wanted to surprise her. He booked an entire weekend for her to be alone. She had a great weekend away from everyone.
Ronald loved to travel. He had visited over 20 countries. One day, Ronald got his wallet stolen. Ronald immediately called the police. Eventually, Ronald got his wallet back.
The family heard the tornado sirens while they were eating dinner. They raced out of the house to the storm cellar. When the all clear signal sounded, they climbed out of the cellar. Their home suffered only minor damage. The family was relieved and happy.
Wayne's lawn had become overgrown. He took out his push mower and started to mow the grass. The push mower was inefficient, so it took a long time to finish. Wayne decided to invest in a new gas-powered mower. He went to the hardware store and bought a new lawn mower.
She begged her mommy not to do it. Her mom told her it was okay, and that it wouldn't hurt. She loved her mommy so much, she kept crying over and over. Her mom told her to stop crying it would be over soon. The little girl couldn't look as mom's long pretty hair was cut short.
It was Tim's turn to kick the ball. He had been practicing at home for days. When it was rolled toward him he closed his eyes and kicked. He missed completely and kicked so hard he fell. All the other kids made fun of him and he ran to the bathroom crying.
Tina went to the mall. She was running. Then she slipped. Her phone flew. Then her screen smashed.
The dog was barking at the front door. James wondered if someone was standing outside of it. He snuck to the window and looked. The porch was empty. The dog just liked to bark at nothing.
Fred loves to hear people sing. He practices singing at home. Eventually he gets a professional singing lesson. He practices even more. Finally Fred becomes a professional singer!
Steve is a piano player with a wife at home. She's frustrated by his work schedule. Steve loves his job, but compromises. Steve no longer plays piano on weeknights. Steve loves his wife.
Gina wanted to cross a closed road. But you weren't able to drive over the street at all. Gina realized she had to back down the street. She backed her car up slowly to the intersection. She was upset, but there was nothing else she could do.
I was driving in the car with my husband yesterday. I was watching him pick his nose and then use my steering wheel! I was disgusted! I gave him wipes to clean it up. He's not driving my car anymore.
Jake was lifting weights. He wanted to build some muscle. He was lifting some heavy dumbbells over his head. The dumbbell fell down and hit his knee. Jake couldn't do any leg exercises that day.
Margie was eighty-eight years old and went to the golf course. She walked out their lobby and looked over the hills. She stepped on a golf ball that had fallen from a basket. She lost balance and there was confusion in her eyes. On her way to the ground, Charles, the attendant, caught her.
Jane went shopping one day for some sandals. While in the shoe store, she spoke with a clerk who helped her. She picked out some sandals, and the clerk fainted. Another customer saw and called an ambulance. The ambulance came and took the clerk away, and Jane left.
Melvin wanted to take a helicopter ride while on vacation. His grandson wanted to go with him. They bought tickets and shortly took off. They went around the lake and saw the waterfall. They both had a great time that they would remember forever.
Chaz told his mother he wanted to have a picnic at the park. They went to the grocery store to get the food they wanted. Chaz's mother packed up sandwiches, fruit and drinks. They walked to the park and spread out their picnic blanket and food. They enjoyed the sunshine and talked as they ate their lunch.
Sandy's family ate popcorn in front of the TV each evening. Then, the day came for Sandy to go off to college. Within a week, Sandy felt miserably homesick. She called her mom, who said a care package was on the way. Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker.
I took my son out of school for the day. We went to the movie theater. We watched a movie but didn't want to leave. We ended up watching 4 movies in a row. We enjoyed our day at the theater.
Wanting to nibble on something sweet, Ryan decided to bake. He opened his grandmother's recipe book. Meticulously, he followed her written directions. While he was waiting, he smelled something burning. He forgot to check on the cookies!
Samantha and Riddick met on an online dating site. They had been on three dates thus far. One night, Riddick planned something for her. He had a helicopter pick her up, and he ask to start courting her. She was so happy and impressed, that she said Yes!
Kyle always tried to recycle. His friends never cared. He would always do it for them He would stay after parties collecting cans. The money he got paid for the effort.
Tim's goldfish died. His parents didn't want to tell him. They went out and bought another one. They replaced it without Tim knowing. He never knew the truth.
Colton's mother told him to drive to the store and buy dinner. He went and looked for a rotisserie chicken, but they were out. He bought sugar cereal and milk instead. His mom asked where dinner was. He happily ate his cereal for dinner and smiled.
Tim and his wife are expecting a child soon. He hopes for boy while his wife wants a girl. To Tim's surprise, when the day came he was blessed with a daughter. Although he had hoped for a baby boy, Tim couldn't be happier. Tim's love for his daughter strengthened his marriage forever more.
Trudy lived in Simpleton. She never had left her home town. One morning, she got lost while going to the dentist. She ended up in the neighboring village. Trudy was amazed that life existed outside simpleton and kept driving.
Tara had recently gotten a summer job at the mall. She would be working the cashier at a boutique shop. She worked very diligently all summer. She saved the money that she made over summer. Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made.
I got a bike for my sixth birthday. I had trouble learning to ride it. I got on but couldn't balance and pedal at the same time. I tried rolling down the driveway. That gave me enough momentum to balance and pedal my bike.
Matt is an engineering student. When he has exams, he stays up all night to study. He had a differential equations exam last Friday. We did not see him for four days prior to that. Apparently he only slept twice during that time.
Ryan dated his girlfriend for several years. After they moved in together, he realized he wanted to marry her. Ryan bought a large, impressive engagement ring. He planned a surprise proposal. Ryan's girlfriend was surprised and accepted his proposal happily.
The allies have been advancing eastward through Germany. In the meantime, Russia has has been coming too. They've beaten back the Germans on the Eastern Front. Now both armies surround the capital of Germany. The fall of Berlin is assured in only a few days time.
Sam was raking leaves. He had been working late into the afternoon. Eventually he finished and went inside. There was a lot of wind over night. The next day there were even more leaves to rake.
Lauren had been dieting for a whole month. She was eager to weigh herself. She couldn't wait to see how much weight she'd lost. She stepped on the scale and laughed with joy. She had lost almost fifteen pounds!
We went to visit relatives in Greenfield in 2003. My seven year old niece tried to play with me. She ran after me to tackle me. I put my arm up and she lost a baby tooth. Her father said it was her own fault.
Mark didn't think his profession would interfere with his friendship. But his perception changed when he represented his friend in court. Mark told the judge his client was a good person. The judge still recommended time in jail. Mark's friend said Mark should have convinced the judge.
Bob opened the hood of his car to add more oil. He found the oil cap and removed it. He tried to pour in oil but spilled it a little. He used one hand to funnel in the oil then. It worked well but his hands got very messy.
The girl did not want to go on stage. She started to scream and cry. Her mother assured her that she would feel better on stage. The mother had to carry the girl onto the stage. The girl cried throughout and did not do well in the judging.
Rob liked to make waffles. It didn't matter the time of day. He was making one for lunch when the waffle iron gave out. He had a half baked waffle still in the iron. Rob finished it in the oven and ate it with a frown.
Sally's parents set up an antique bed in her room. It was the tallest bed she'd ever slept in. It was hard to climb in and out of bed. Sally's dad built her a stool to go beside her bed. Every night Sally climbs her stool and jumps into bed.
Kevin was driving to work. He saw a woman stranded on the side of the road. Kevin stopped to help. He remained with the woman until a tow truck arrived. Kevin was late to work.
Lea was used to feeling high and mighty because her father was rich. Fancy clothes and expensive gadgets always made her feel important. She was angry when the star at ballet school was a poor girl. With holes in her tights, Ann was so talented, everyone admired her. Lea had to grudgingly admit there are valuable things money can't buy.
Someone's dog got loose in my neighborhood. It came to my house and began bothering my cats. It yelped and I ran out to shoo it away. I found water pouring from the outside water faucet. Somehow the dog turned the faucet on and drenched itself.
Billy bought a container of ice cream. He forgot it in his car. Billy remembered the ice cream. He ran to his car to get the ice cream. It was already half melted.
Josh didn't sleep very well the night before. His mind was heavy with many thoughts. He tossed and turned throughout the night. He awoke to a text from a coworker. The text eased his mind considerably.
After a long flight to Hawaii, I went to claim my baggage. So many bags look alike these days so I watched closely. Eventually there was one one bag last similar to mine but not mine. That's how I found out someone else had mistakenly taken my bag. Ever since that day, I have put bright strips of duct tape on my bags!
Jolene lived with her boyfriend Raul. One day while cleaning out the closet she found a cat costume. Jolene confronted Raul about the costume. Raul started crying and admitted that he cheats in the costume. Jolene broke up with Raul.
Tim woke up and tried to take a shower. There was no hot water left. He realized that his roommate woke up earlier. They had used up all the hot water. Tim skipped his shower rather than using cold water.
Tim was a very healthy person. He could not understand why his house was so dusty. He dusted regularly. Tim decided to pay for his air vents to be cleaned. Tim's home was never dusty again.
Rosa wanted to give her grandma a great birthday gift. But she had very little money, so she was unhappy! Then she decided to get creative. She went and picked her grandma a huge bouquet of wildflowers. Then she tied them prettily and gave them to her thankful grandma!
Jane was eating at a cute cafe. She decided to sit outside. After a while a hobo decided to sit near by. Jane complained to the staff. They politely asked him to stop loitering.
Mahaffey was known as being as tough teacher. Students dreaded taking his chemistry class. He gave a test and more than half of the class failed. The students complained to the chair of the department. A bonus question for extra credit was provided to help the scores.
I wanted to make sure I was eligible to vote. I was concerned because I lost my voter registration card. I researched online exactly what I needed to vote. I found out I did not need my voter registration card to vote. Now I cannot wait to vote for Hillary Clinton for our next president.
Misha's family was about to head out for a vacation. Suddenly they were held up by their car battery dying. They tried to hang out while replacing it quickly. Unfortunately it took too long so they all had to get out. They ended up leaving the next morning instead.
Being sick is never fun but George knew it happened to everyone. He knew that he had to take care of his body so he could be better. He was taking all the cold medicine that he could find. George could feel himself getting better. One morning he woke up and felt 100% better.
My boss wanted me to work overtime. I refused. She said I would have to work overtime or pass up a promotion. In response, I told her to go jump off of a building. She fired me on the spot.
Bill loved to fish all day on the weekends. He would leave the house in the early morning and return late. Bill's wife Karen did not enjoy Bill being gone all of time. One day, Karen confronted Bill about his absences on the weekends. Bill apologized, and realized he had been selfish.
I was at the amusement park. I was eating a corn dog. I accidentally dropped my corn dog. I picked it up right away and started eating it. People looked at me disgustingly.
Jim loved his mom's pizza. One day as he was eating it, a person tripped and fell on his plate. As they fell they accidentally ate the pizza. This person turned out to be a food critic and asked for the recipe. One thing led to another and now his mom owns a worldwide pizza brand.
I've submitted my job resume to over 100 different places. I haven't gotten a single call back, so I've become quite discouraged. I was going over my resume to see what's wrong with it. The resume I've been using doesn't have any of my contact information. I feel sick thinking about the number of jobs I've applied for.
Timmy's mom was making a cake. It smelled really good while it was baking! He couldn't wait to eat it. However, he had to eat his dinner first in order to get a piece. So he ate his dinner as quickly as he could.
Ted walked to the garbage dispenser to throw away his lunch. A fly flew in his eye. He couldn't see where he was going but continued to walk. When he wiped his eyes, he fell into a trash can. Everyone inside the cafeteria laughed at him.
Allie decided to have her friends over. They had never been to her house before. So she got everything together. But when they got to her house they acted a bit rude. Allie then decided she did not want to invite them over anymore.
The Clausen family wanted to do something for others. They went to homeless shelter for Thanksgiving to help serve meals. They got to meet many different people. The shelter told them they always needed volunteers. The family decided they would start coming every year.
Dave was a recluse. He rarely left the house, usually only to get the mail. Last Friday he noticed Tom moved in next door. Dave thought he'd go introduce himself. Today Dave found himself knocking on Tom's door, smiling.
Ed went outside to build a snowman. First he balled up the snow. Then he stacked three balls atop each other. He finished by adding the eyes and nose. Ed was very proud of his snowman!
Ivan bought his son an Xbox One for his birthday. But he noticed that he son rarely used it. Ivan felt guilty and decided to use it. But he didn't have much fun. Ivan continued to reluctantly play to justify the purchase however.
Maria was holding up color swatches. She was putting new carpet in and didn't know what color would be best. She decided on a nice beige. As soon as it was installed, her kids ran around in muddy shoes. The carpet was ruined!
Nadine and her pal planned to go to Vegas. Nadine thought of a strategy to win at roulette. She convinced her pal the scheme would make them rich. The girls took out their savings to gamble at roulette. They went home broke and never spoke of the trip again.
It was late at night and Jim was getting tired. He had a long and frustrating day at work. He had to work tomorrow but did not want to go to bed. He wanted to some enjoyment today, even if only for a little while. So, he sat down on the couch and picked up his favorite book.
When I got home, I noticed that my credit card was missing. I remembered that it inside my job but it was gone during the next day. I called the credit card company to cancel the card. They warned me about an unauthorized purchase for $500 dollars. I immediately filed a claim and got a refund within a week.
Sharon needed a new driver's license in another state. She had to turn over her old license but it was lost. She contacted her previous state and they sent her a new license. She needed to present her social security card but it was also lost. When she got the new card, she could finally get her new license.
Kim and Beth always walked home from high school. Lately it had been snowing everyday. By Friday the sidewalks were were covered in 2 feet of snow. The girls trudged through the thick wet snow. After 20 minutes they gave up and caught a public bus home.
Ben changed his clothes too much. He asked a counselor for help. The counselor laughed at him. Ben looked upset at the counselor. The counselor apologized to Ben.
The man took his machete on the trail. He cleared brush along the side of the trail. Some hikers passed him. Five minutes later they returned. They waited for the man to clear the brush.
Jane wanted to surprise her husband who was coming home from the army. She thought of what her husband would want. She bought him a new tv because she knew that he watched a lot of tv. John came home and was surprised at the new tv. However, John had bad news which was he had to go back in a month.
Bob was throwing a party. He made lots of food. However he couldn't find the chips. He looked everywhere. He finally found them chewed up by the dog's dish.
Tim got a smartphone. He was given a data plan. Tim didn't think he would run out. He did within weeks. Tim was charged extra for more.
Miguel's family spoke Spanish at home. Miguel spoke English at work and school. Miguel found work as a translator. The work was interesting and paid very well. Miguel was an excellent translator, and the work suited him.
Donald was really depressed. He considered taking his own life. One night he took a bath and threw a plugged in radio in. It shocked him a bit and blew a fuse. He left stupid and even more depressed.
Steve was furious when he saw his car. He had gotten a parking ticket. He was angry because the meter only expired by a few minutes. Steve thought it was unfair and went to court. The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay.
Bill worked at a bank as a loan officer. He embezzled a large amount of money from the bank. Bank auditors discovered the discrepancy. Bill was convicted and sent to prison. The authorities never found the money.
Daniel had to get to Chicago on a tight budget. He had decided to take the bus. It was going to be a long trip. He did not want to sit on the bus for several hours. He decided to stay home and not go.
Jane's favorite jacket got a hole in it. She decided to buy a new one. She didn't see any she liked. Eventually Jane decided to buy another one like hers. She went online and was happy with her purchase.
Harry and his friends brought their cars to a park one night. They decided to drink alcohol and then drive recklessly. Harry was driving very fast and then his car began to swerve. The car flipped over a few times and then burst into flames. Harry escaped from the car and they all called 911.
It smelled bad in Sonya's house. She decided to light a candle. The candle started to burn out of control. She covered the candle with a pot. The fire on the candle went out.
Tom got a pet goldfish. He was excited for it at first. After a while he kept forgetting to feed it. Eventually the goldfish died. Tom threw out the water tank.
Katherine planned her outdoor wedding for July. On the day of the wedding there were dark clouds in the sky. Katherine decided not to make any changes to the wedding. During the ceremony it started to rain very hard. Everybody at the wedding got wet.
Arnold started a new job delivering mail. He had to walk outside a lot. Arnold sweat and it was hot. He bought a large cooler. Arnold kept the cooler filled with ice water in his work jeep.
Landon loved drinking coffee. He had many kinds of beans and would grind them each day. He loved experimenting with different flavors. When he had guests, he served them some of his best brew. The guests all raved about the coffee at Landon's house.
Kevin turned on the machine. As the balls moved out, Kenny was able to hit them with a bat. He managed to hit all of the balls at the current speed. Kevin decided to increase the setting on the machine. As a result, Kenny was overwhelmed since he couldn't hit the balls.
Candice chewed her nails nervously while 23 children raced around her. She hadn't signed up to babysit this many kids! Thinking quickly, she held a series of contests. After the final jumping contest, they were exhausted. Amazed by their quiet children, the moms awarded Candace a bonus!
Jenny played hopscotch in front of her house. She thought it would be fun to play backwards. Jenny tripped over a rock. She scraped her elbows. Jenny doesn't want to play hopscotch anymore.
We were friends with a track team in the next town over. There was a track meet there. The shot put area was between the bathrooms and the track. I walked through the shot put area. I did not realize someone was throwing.
Susie felt insecure about her lips. She felt they were too thin. So she went ahead and got them done. However something happened. Her lips got all messed up unfortunately.
Vianna's grandfather was sick. He needed to have a surgery. Everyone in the family chipped in to help pay for the surgery. The day came and the surgery was successful. Her grandfather still died a few days later.
Terra ran out of gas. She cried. She asked people for help. Someone towed her. She pumped up her car.
The family lived in Connecticut. Hurricane Gloria was supposed to go through Connecticut. The day came and Gloria hit Connecticut hard. The husband came home from work. The family went for a drive to see all the damage.
Bobby wanted a pet monkey. His mother told him he couldn't have one. Bobby was sad about this. His mom got him a puppy. Bobby jumped up in joy.
Jack closed a door on Dominic. Dominic waited, then snuck up on Jack. Dominic jumped out of the corner and terrified him. That caused Jack to tackle Dominic and tickle him until he cried. Brotherly love is a funny thing!
Ben got out of the school bus. He walked to a nearby vending machine to purchase a bag of chips. At the same time, he noticed someone next to him. The guy was on the verge of passing out. Therefore, Ben gave his bag of chips to him.
I went to sit on the bench in front of our building today. It was hot, so I took a bottle of ginger ale. The bottle was half full. When I tasted the drink, I found it had gone flat. I was so thirsty I drank it anyway.
I was afraid to try a gainer. I had to do it my own way. I got to the board. I made the board go up and down. Then I finally did a gainer.
She bought a headband. She took it home with her other crafts. She grabbed the glue gun. She cut felt into the shapes of two ears. She glued them to the band to make a set of mouse ears.
Alex took Jeff on a date. Alex loves horror movies. They went to see the newest one. She made Jeff watch the whole thing. Jeff went home crying.
It was Kate's turn to drive on a road trip. She hadn't been watching the fuel gauge. Now it was showing they had less than a quarter of a tank left. She prayed they would find a gas station soon. She knew they were in trouble if they didn't.
Neil was learning the history of Lebanon. He took a bus into Beirut and checked into a hotel there. The desk clerk directed him to a local war museum. Neil eagerly went to learn about the wars. He was saddened, but glad he had chosen to learn more.
Darla wanted a soft drink. She put her money into the soda machine. It took her money but it did not dispense her drink. Darla tried to reach into the machine to get her drink. Darla's hand got stuck in the soda machine.
Tod was driving through town. And he was having a good day. But someone behind him was driving too closely. Tod stopped his car to get out and yell at the person. And the rest of the day, Tod was angry.
I got accepted to college, but could not afford it. Luckily, I was able to fill out a financial aid form. I put all my information in, and then waited. Eventually, I got word that I had received aid. It made it so I could go to college.
Lee likes rainy days the most. He gets to spend time indoors on rainy days. He makes his favorite tea only on rainy days. He also spends time playing video games during rainy days. Lee often wishes it would rain every day.
Kevin scheduled a job interview for Monday. When he got home, he dug through his closet for an outfit. He found nothing. He went to the store and purchased a new outfit. Kevin was able to show up with confidence to his job interview.
Reba is on her way to a concert in a new city. She is trying to follow her GPS. The GPS goes down and is unavailable. Reba does her best to get to the concert. It's no use as Reba is lost with no direction.
On Sunday I will be leaving on a trip. I'm excited to visit the Southwest, even though it is blazing hot! I'll be in a big city for a few days. For the last part of my trip, I will go up into the mountains. It will be much cooler and I will attend an outdoor concert.
Anna was nervous for her first day of third grade. While trying to find her class, Anna became lost. She started to cry but then a boy named Jacob took her hand. Jacob led Anna to their classroom. Anna and Jacob became best friends.
Carla wanted to be more active. Her friend suggest she start biking with her at the local park. Carla went to the store to buy a bike. She found a bike she liked and bought it. Carla began riding with her friend that day.
Brooklyn, a one year old toddler was learning to walk. Her grandma held her hand everywhere. One day, she became startled as a dog ran up to her. She ran as fast as she could, and the dog passed her. Grandma was so happy because that was her first run!
Tom was out playing with friends. He decided to jump over a fence. His hand got cut up by a sharp corner. The metal was extra rusty. Tom's parents made him take a tetanus shot.
Tom bought a new hat. He thought it looked really good. All his friends said it was stupid. Tom didn't care and kept wearing it. Eventually a friend threw it away.
My parents dropped me off today at girl scout camp for two months. The camp consisted of different brownie troops and they were not nice. Each made fun of the other and gossiped about how much they sucked. By our second day the girls in my group wanted to fight the 909 girls. I didn't want to be apart of this, I called my mom to pick me up.
I knew I had to get rich quick. I decided to get into the stock market. I bought twenty shares of an oil company. The company closed down a month later. I then decided that the stock market wasn't for me.
Nathan liked eating ethnic foods. His favorite was ramen. He would go to a local restaurant that made it his favorite way. He loved slurping the broth and eating the vegetables. Nathan thought he could eat the ramen every day of the week.
Herman loved to watch videos of Minecraft on Youtube. His favorite Streamer was Stampy On day Herman Wrote to Stampy. Herman was so excited the next day, hoping that Stampy would write him The very next day Stampy wrote him, Herman was very happy.
Lizzy was angry when she woke up. The huge spider from the night before was still sitting on her desk. She steeled her nerves and decided to smush it once and for all. She got out of bed and leapt with outstretched fist towards the des When she opened her eyes the spider was gone.
Uriah was bored, so he decided to take up a hobby. After a bit of thinking, he decided he would try sewing. He bought all the materials that he imagined he would need. As he began to start, he noticed he had forgotten to buy thread. He wondered aloud how he could forget such a crucial item.
Steven heard a rumbling noise coming from his backyard. He saw a possum trying to get into his chicken yard. Steven pulled out his gun and killed it. The bullet, hit a pole and entered his neighbor's home and hit her. His neighbor went to the hospital with non life threatening injuries.
Grace was a new mom. She felt tired and run down most of the time. Her mom gave her a spa day as a gift. She got a massage and a pedicure. She felt like a new woman when she was done!
Keith had just started at a new school. He was assigned a locker. Keith couldn't get his new locker open. He kept trying his old combination. Keith had to get the janitor to open his locker.
April was turning six years old. She wanted an ice cream birthday party. Her mother agreed to the request. It was a very hot day on her birthday. All the ice cream melted into mushy mess.
Last night I ate dinner with all my family. It's always great to spend time with them. We all told funny stories about when I was growing up. Some of them were very embarrassing. I do not really like those stories, but my family loves them.
She had a craving. She wanted something sweet. She ordered a bunch of candy. One item was a candy necklace. She wore it like a kid.
Jill heard the school bus approaching as she walked to the bus stop. She hurried her walking. Jill saw the bus pull away as she reached the stop. Jill ran to the street and waved her arms. The bus stopped for Jill.
The kids loved playing in the water. They all walked down to the local creek. They splashed around in the water. They even caught a fish! It was a great day down at the creek.
Quentin has always wanted to go on a vacation in another country. This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum, Mexico. He packs his bags and boards the flight. Quentin relishes the food and the sights in Tulum. He has truly had the trip of a lifetime.
Ava planted a beautiful bush. It was supposed to have white roses. Ava waited patiently for them to bloom. It took all year but finally they did! They were beautiful blooms cascading down the bush.
Yesterday at the store I picked up some spicy almonds. I was not sure how they would taste. To my delight they were delicious. I immediately went out to buy more. I also recommended them to my friends.
I went to the store today to buy some ice cream. The store was all out of my favorite brand. I decided to try a new brand. The brand I got was not as good as my favorite. I really hope they have my favorite brand next time.
David answered the phone. They wanted him to take a survey. He agreed to do it. They asked him twenty questions. Finally, he hung up.
Carla was let go from her old job. She was devastated but kept her head up. She immediately applied for other jobs. After many failed applications she got a interview. After the interview she got the job.
There was this little 3 year old named Charlie. She loved to play with toys, but didn't like to pick up her toys. One day her mommy told her to pick up and get ready for dinner. Charlie ignored her mom and didn't listen. She got sent up to her room and got no dinner.
Mr B was a funny teacher. So all of his students liked him. But one day, they realized they were not learning much. Mr B decided to tell less jokes. And his students understood.
I went out to my yard. I picked up the newspaper off my grass. I went inside and had some coffee. I sat down and read the news. I put the paper down and turned on the tv.
Lore was moving to Austria. She was looking forward to the move. She wouldn't miss her former home. Lore was originally from Austria. The move with reunite Lore with her best friend.
David decided he wanted to learn to whistle. He grabbed several books. He read all of the points and tips he could find. Finally, he decided to practice until he could get it right. David can now whistle any tune almost perfectly.
Jeff was a very good basketball dunker. He made it his mission to dunk on his enemy in the game. He tried many times, but kept missing like an idiot. Eventually, he found an opening and rose up for the slam. He landed the right handed hammer and was very proud.
Jane went to an attorney to get a divorce from Jack. The lawyer was polite but informed her she would lose a lot. Jane decided to take a day to think about it. She called the lawyer a week late and told him to proceed. A week later Jack signed the papers somberly.
Mary was watching a movie. Her cat walked up to her foot. Her cat scratched her right in the leg. The scratch left a bloody mark. Mary put a bandage on her leg.
Josiah liked playing baseball. But he was so small, he was always chosen last. He endeavored to prove to his team that he was a good player. So the next time he was up to the bat, he hit a homerun. Everyone clapped and they finally saw how good he was.
Michael was very anxious. He hadn't seen his brother in five years. Michael was afraid he would be distant. When Michael saw his brother, they hugged tightly. The two brothers were happy to be together at last.
Gina and her sister weren't enjoying each others company. Gina tried to be lively, and upbeat, but it wasn't working. Her sister seemed distant and distracted. When her sister went home Gina was relived. It was the first time she was happy to see her leave.
Anita hadn't talked to her son Charles in eight years. Charles was told she wouldn't speak to him until he was rich. Charles published a book and it sold a lot of copies. He became rich and famous because he was on the news. Anita contacted him contrite but he thought she called over money.
Alice loved flowers. One day, she decided she wanted to plant a garden. She and her grandmother bought geraniums, roses, and sunflowers. They planted their garden. A few weeks later, it was beautiful!
Cathy moved to a new neighborhood. The woman next door was the nosiest woman she'd ever met. She asked a million questions about Cathy. Cathy felt nervous every time she saw her. She was beginning to regret moving here.
Yesterday I needed new shoes. I drove around everywhere to find that perfect pair. Finally I bought some new ones. They were black. I wore them the next day.
Jimmy had been on vacation the past 2 weeks. When he arrived back home, he found a pile of unopened mail. One letter was from his phone company. Apparently, he had forgotten to pay his phone bill before leaving. Jimmy called his phone company and paid his bill through phone.
Green had always wanted these blue headphones. The only issue was they were very expensive. Green did not have a lot of money. She mowed lawns and slowly got cash. One day, she was able to buy the headphones.
A friend, Rich, really wanted me to come see Star Wars with him. I was flat broke but didn't want to admit that to him. Out of pride, I accepted his invitation. I worried all day about how I would pay for the IMAX ticket. When I arrived I learned that Rich had bought my ticket, and popcorn.
Aya woke early one morning to surprise her husband with a hot meal. He began work at 6AM, so usually she was only awake to say goodbye. But this morning, she made him a big hot dish of scrambled eggs. Then she woke him and smiled as he dove in - until he grimaced. Aya had missed a large chunk of eggshell, and it had cut her husband!
Sam had been a hard worker for years. He received several compliments by his bosses. He was sure he would get a promotion soon. Sam kept getting passed over. Eventually he decided to find a new job.
Tim was hiking with friends. After a while some clouds made the trail darker. Tim and his friends started hearing strange sounds. They were afraid it would be dangerous wild animals. They decided to turn back and go home instead.
Claire was addicted to Tim Tams. Because she lived in US, they were hard to acquire. She had some shipped from Australia. When they arrived, lizards darted out from the box. She opened the box to discover they had eaten all her Tim Tams.
Bob loved to rock climb. He decided to climb a cliff without a rope. He got halfway up to the top. Suddenly, he lost his footing. He fell to his death.
Maya had a popular Youtube channel. She had a goal to post a video every day. Unfortunately, she had run out of ideas. Suddenly, she had the idea for a hair style tutorial. She filmed the video and then posted it.
Ashley had been working for twelve hours straight. Her hands were getting tired from typing and using her mouse. Her boyfriend brought her a gift. It was a new mouse! It was large and easy to hold and made her hands feel better.
Tim was an office worker. One day Tim noticed pain in his wrists. Tim researched treatment methods online. Tim tried many strengthening exercises. Tim soon felt his pain disappear.
Tom was running for a local office. His campaign was doing well. All of a sudden a huge scandal hit him. He was innocent but the stories still spread. Tom wound up losing his race.
The man turned the fan on. It blew some papers off the desk. The man scrambled to get them. He realized the fan was still on. He turned off the fan.
I always used to buy the cheapest socks available. I figured it was inconsequential. But I started walking to work and getting blisters. I upgraded to softer and more expensive sock varieties. Now I can never go back.
Last night I had to work the late shift. I hate working late at the restaurant. They made me close. All of the sudden I noticed a mouse in the back. I freaked out.
The man put some chewing tobacco in his mouth. He felt dizzy almost immediately. He spit out the tobacco. His stomach felt sick. He vomited on the street.
Sam loved a poster he got. He thought it looked really cool. His girlfriend hated it. She wanted him to take it down. Jake didn't care and left it up.
Sammie is trying to lose weight. Her friend brought a waffle cookies to her house. Sammie tried one cookie and loved it. She input the cookie into her calorie tracker on her phone. She was sad because the cookie was a whopping 490 calories.
Wanda walked down Broadway for the very first time. She took a look inside the Toys R Us store and was in awe. The store was very large and Wanda walked up to the candy upstairs. After purchasing some candy, Wanda took a ride on the indoor ride. After the ride was done, Wanda was happy with her day.
When i was in college i thought having a child is easy. I though all we do is tying their hair and dress them. I'd never thought of feeding them,providing them their needs. I'd never thought of taking care of them more than yourself. I realized, parenthood is enjoyable but difficult at the same time.
Bill was a diabetic. He needed a kidney. He got one from his cousin, Laura. His health improved quickly. He was very thankful for her.
Mike went fishing with his uncle. He kept thinking he was hearing noises. They seemed to be coming from the nearby woods. He told Mike to not worry about it. But then they heard on news about escaped convict on the loose nearby!
John got up in the morning, all ready for his first class. Before he left, he realized he didn't have his phone. He spent an hour looking for it, but finally gave up. He sprinted to his class, remembering he was late. When he ran in the room, the professor gave him a dirty look.
Nancy always wanted to be a movie star. She worked hard to improve her acting skills. She even hired a personal acting coach to help her out. It took almost three years before she landed her first acting gig. It turned out to also be her last acting gig she became a chef.
Tim was drinking and watching television. An intense scene came up. It made Tim jump up. He accidentally kicked over his glass of water. Tim felt silly and cleaned it up.
It was several days after his birthday that Johnny started revising. He took the time off around his birthday because of the stress. It got to the exam 3 weeks later and Johnny regretted procrastinating. He thought that he would have done better if he revised more. In the end, he passed with flying colours.
Ben was painting Cindy. But he began making mistakes. He tried to correct anatomical errors he made. But his painting only became worse. When the painting was finished, Cindy was offended.
Willard hated his phone number. The last four digits were 6969. Willard called his cell provider and had it changed. Willard got the numbers 9696. Willard only feels somewhat better now.
Katie bets her friends she can go a week without candy. She goes a few days with no trouble. On the next to last day her sister brings home a bunch of candy. Katie gives into temptation and eats the candy. Katie loses the bet.
After years of trying for a child, the doctors called me infertile. Family comforted me with thoughts of pets or adoption. I had never considered adoption before now. On the 1st we are going to an adoption agency. After our appointment a new baby will be welcomed into the family.
Yan is a spicy food aficionado. He likes to try every type of hot peppers. One day, he tried the hottest pepper in the world. It was so hot that he fainted from the pain. He woke up in the hospital not remembering what had happened.
Elizabeth was planning her wedding on a small budget. She knew exactly what she wanted in a dress. Unfortunately she had no money for those types of dresses. She decided to make her very own dress. On the big day, everyone was stunned by the gorgeous gown.
As Nell waded in the lake, she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom. She couldn't reach the stone without going under water. Nell's mom saw her daughter's head dip under the water. Then she ran and pulled Nell, holding the stone, from the water. Nell hadn't wanted to let go of the stone, which she couldn't lift.
Johnny woke up very tired. He dressed himself and brushed his teeth. He took his briefcase and locked the door of his house. When he arrived at work people were looking weirdly at him. He found a mirror and saw that he had put his shirt backwards.
Mitchell always enjoyed camping with his mom. One day, a bear appeared at the tent. Mitchell remained calm but his mom freaked out. She immediately called for emergency help. Mitchell was able to make the bear go away however.
I lived in Norway. It was always cold. I decided to move to Texas. I loved the warmth of Texas. I decided to retire in Texas.
Tony had a fear of earthquakes. So he loaded his house with various supplies. He also practiced what to do in case of an earthquake while at home. While driving to work, a large earthquake started. And Tony had no supplies and no idea about what to do.
John was nervous about a presentation he had to do at work on Tuesday. He worked all weekend preparing for the presentation. Out of the blue, his boss called him on Sunday evening. John's boss told him that his work will be closed until Wednesday! John was excited that he didn't have to do the presentation after all!
Ava was very shy. Her classmates assumed she was snobby. But then one kind girl got to know her. It turned out that Ava was just nervous and easily intimidated. Soon the kind girl helped Ava make many new friends!
Clint loved playing classic games from the 1980s. His dream was to own an original Pac-Man arcade cabinet. His family built him a replica for his birthday. Clint loved it and thanked his family profusely. Inside Clint felt a pang of ingratitude at it being inauthentic.
George was trying to overcome traffic on the road. Without looking at his blind spot, he changed into the left lane. He ended up running into a large van. The left wheel popped off and his car spun off of the road. The police officers had to come to investigate the scene.
Ladd is a superb swimmer. He had a race to qualify for Nationals. He practiced everyday. He beat the State record and qualified. Ladd is on the road to Nationals.
My coworker got engaged in 2007. She had dated a paramedic for several months. He gave her a huge engagement ring. Months later she found out he was cheating on her. She returned the ring and canceled the engagement.
William was a young boy on his way to school. He walked to class and sat in his seat. His teacher told them they will be having a surprise pizza party. William and his classmates went outside to play on the playground. When they came back inside, they had pizza and soda waiting for them.
Eddie and Rita have dated for two Year's. Rita sees Eddy buying something in a jewelry store. Rita waits for Eddy to give her a present of jewelry, but he doesn't. Rita thinks the jewelry is for another woman. Rita snoops through Eddy's things and finds an engagement ring.
Thurgood Marshal loved to smoke a lot of weed. He'd smoke it in a bong, or in a pipe, or in a blunt. Until one day Thurgood was on the block smoking as the cops went by. The screamed and pointed their guns at him as he lay down. And that's when Thurgood's friend rushed over to help, but got shot.
The woman decided to start a new hobby. She went to the craft store and picked out some supplies. She went home and created an amazing masterpiece. She was very proud of her work. She displayed it in her kitchen.
My mother worked all day cooking me food. I was excited at first. However, when my mom brought out the food something wasn't right. The food smell bad and tasted bad. I pretended to like the food so I won't hurt my mom's feelings.
I was sitting behind a red light minding my own business. The light finally turned green. I was about to take off. The car behind me honked. I decided not to go until the last minute as my revenge.
Pat made himself a jetpack out of some spare parts. He gave it a quick test for safety before he tried it himself. Pat strapped the jetpack to himself on the test pad he made. He looked at the sky and switched on the engine. Pat took off and zoomed away into the sky.
Tom wanted to be a web developer. He began reading about it online. He watched hundreds of hours of tutorials. He worked along with the tutorials. He became a web developer.
Tom was at the grocery store. He had a buggy full of stuff. He left it to get another item. When he got back he noticed there were different items in it. It took him a while to figure out his buggy was elsewhere.
Bill has always enjoyed the cowboy style of dress. He lived in a big city where people looked at him strangely. Bill decided to save up some money and move to the country. He found a ranch down South and bought it. Bill finally lived the lifestyle he always dreamed about.
Rocky is eating tacos. Rocky starts feeling ill. He runs to the bathroom. He vomits his food up. Rocky got sick from the tacos.
Billy gathered the soap and called to his dog Rover. Billy goat Rover into the bathtub. Rover stayed still for a moment but then jumped out covered in soap. Billy chased Rover through the house. Billy finally had to hose Rover off in the yard to finish the bath.
Will decided he'd like to have a deck added to his house. Will went to a home improvement store. Will bought all the materials needed for a deck. Will worked all weekend on the project. By Sunday evening, Will's new deck was completed!
During the middle of an exam, Erin was struggling. She was not sure what the right answer was. She was able to narrow it down to two different choices. Neither one really stood out to her. Erin flipped a coin and used that do decide what to put down.
When I was a little girl, I had a sled. One afternoon, I was sledding fast through snow. I didn't see the barbed wire fence at the bottom of the hill. As soon as I saw the fence, I ducked down. I saved my own life by acting quickly that afternoon.
I had a massive headache. I decided to take some pain pills. I took three pills. Afterwards, I realized I overdosed! I learned to be more careful about reading medicinal directions.
Mark was walking to his room with a big plate of spaghetti. He tripped and the plate crashed into his chest. His tee shirt, a beloved family hand me down, was covered in sauce. He tried his best to clean up the stains. Luckily, he was able to get the food off of the shirt.
Jennie's favorite toy was her teddy bear, Fred. She took it with her everywhere. Jennie told Fred everything. When she got older, Fred was packed away in a box. To this day, Fred remains packed away along with her secrets.
Tim thought he was the best football player. He was determined to be a starter in the next game. He practiced hard every day. He did everything his coach told him to do. At the pep rally, the coach announced the starters and Tim was one!
Desmond loved winter activities. He was very excited that he was to ride on a horse drawn sleigh. The horse was skittish and went wild while pulling the sleigh. Desmond was thrown out of the sleigh. Desmond rode in an ambulance to the hospital.
Max loves football. He goes to as many football games as possible. He has never missed watching a football game on TV. His friend decided to get him tickets for the Super Bowl. Max was surprised and thrilled to attend the Super Bowl.
Faye loved fall. She bought a bunch of pumpkins to display. She put them in every room. When fall was over, she didn't know what to do with them. She threw the mushy pumpkins in the garbage.
Little Gabe loved to draw and play with blocks. He was so smart and talented! His parents wondered what he would grow up to become. Gabe kept his love of designing things all through school. After high school, he became a great architect!
Dan hadn't been playing long. He was excited to have a chance to be in a band though. The day of their first rehearsal came and Dan was nervous. He kept the time and beat really well. The band were impressed and happy to have their new member.
Bill was delighted when his roommate got a job at a pizza place. Now, they could save grocery money and eat pizza every night. Soon, they were eating pizza at every meal. Eventually, Bill and his roommate couldn't fit in their clothes. Bill told his roommate to quit the dream job.
I wanted to smoke a rack of ribs. I bought everything I needed and prepared it. I turned on the smoker and got a fire going. I put the meat in for several hours. I took it out later and enjoyed tasty ribs.
I used to make necklaces in my spare time. I primarily tried to sell them in an online store. I also sold them at different conventions. I made an amount of money that rounded to zero dollars. These days I consider necklace-making just a hobby.
Thomas's son, Gregory, loves to paint his nails. Thomas wants Gregory to feel comfortable being himself. So Thomas took his son to the nail salon. He let Gregory pick a color for him. They got their nails done together.
One day Tim wanted to play a trick on his friend. Tim told him that a pirate used to live in his house. Tim buried some money and made a fake treasure map. He had his friend go find the treasure. Tim's friend still thinks a pirate lived there.
Todd had too much stuff in his house. He planned to have a garage sale. He put out all the items he didn't need outside. He created a listing for his garage sale on craigslist. At the end of the day he made $500 in sales.
Tim wanted to eat healthy foods. He also wanted to eat delicious foods. He decided to eat more fruit. He went to the store to buy food. He purchased many types of berries.
Nancy is a helpful friend. She always helps us in any way. One day she is the one who needs help. Because she'd been a good friend to us, we helped her. Then we realized, friends helps each other like family.
I went to babysit my nephew in San Francisco. My sister forgot to leave me with any spending money. I managed to get through the week without killing him or me. I went to a bar to celebrate my relative success. That's when I found out my husband had overdrawn your account.
Last week my teacher made a mistake in class. I pointed it out. She denied it and said I was wrong. I tried to argue and got in trouble. She said I needed to learn to respect authority.
I went to visit my uncle. He let me drive a tractor. I got it out of gear. It was rolling down the hill. Luckily I remembered where the brake was.
Thomas was shopping for clothes. He saw a sign that said all t shirts were 50% off. Thomas grabbed three t-shirts and got in line. Thomas and the cashier talked about what a good deal he found. Thomas called his friends to share the t-shirt deal.
Kate needed to buy a laptop to work while out of town. She searched online and found one that had free shipping. She shipped it out of town so it would be there when she arrived. The shipping estimate was the same day as her arrival date. She patted herself on the back for being so smart.
Morgan had a very difficult exam. He of course, didn't study as he was a slacker. He went in expecting a fill in the bubble exam. However, at the last minute the teacher changed it to a written test. Therefore, Morgan failed spectacularly.
Emma was dieting. But she was unable to track her progress! Her parents did not own a scale. Emma struggled to diet even without the scale's feedback. She managed to drop three dress sizes in three months!
I was unable to sleep that morning. I had to get out of bed numerous times through the night. Each time I awoke, I had to rush to the bathroom. I was very sick and getting sicker. I finally decided to go see a doctor.
Frank was drinking a warm cup of coffee. It was almost time for bed, but Frank felt relaxed. His coffee was only decaf. Then he checked the package and saw it had caffeine. Suddenly, Frank grew very energetic and restless.
Randy took a girl out on a date. He held the car door open for her. She thought he was a gentleman. Randy never told her he couldn't afford automatic doors. He played on her perceptions instead.
Carl lost his phone at a party. He tried to call it to find it. A random person from the party answered. Carl asked him if he could meet him to return his phone. He got his phone by the end of the day.
Zach had a pair of scissors in his hand. It was always taught to him to not run with scissors. While walking to class he tripped on a shoe on the floor. Zach fell hard to the ground the scissors safely in his hand. Zach now knew scissors were dangerous no matter what.
We pulled out plastic toys. We pressed them into the sand. It created little shapes. Mine was a butterfly. We picked up the sand and wrecked the images.
Tim got a new job. It was his first job after college. Tim was very overwhelmed. He was eventually fired because he made so many mistakes. Tim learned that life isn't as easy as he thought it would be.
There were many leaves in Kylie's yard. She carefully raked them all into a big pile. When the leaves were raked up, she jumped into the pile. It sent the leaves flying. She had to rake them again, but she had no regrets.
Blake was a real man according to his book. He didn't like anything fragile and soft. So when he received an orchid for Christmas, he was pissed. But he took it home anyway, intent on throwing it in the garbage. A month later, the orchid was in his entry way as it looked nice.
Opie saw a monkey at the zoo. Opie decided that he wanted a pet monkey. He asked his parents for a pet monkey. They explained that monkeys made poor pets. Opie's parents bought him a puppy instead.
Eric was having a hard time financially. He tried to make extra money on Mturk but it was difficult. One day, he saw a good looking batch pop up. He started to work on it and realized that it was great. He worked on it until it ran out and made a lot of money.
Nora knew her family wanted to help with Christmas dinner. But she also knew no one could cook well except her! Finally she relented and let all the children help. Each one made a special dish for the Christmas table. And they all enjoyed their wonderful, imperfect dinner!
Kate was visiting her friend Julie's house. After playing for an hour they were bored. Julie didn't have any ideas of things they could do. Kate thought it would be fun to pick apples tree in Julie's yard. They ran downstairs and outside to pick apples.
Nora's female cat ran away from home. Nora was devastated! Then a neighbor returned the cat, which had been in his yard. He warned Nora that he had a male cat, but Nora only smiled. She wasn't worried because she had had her cat fixed!
Kate's mom was scared of water and never let her kids go swimming. Kate was at the park with her friend Jan. Jan wanted to go swimming. Kate knew she would get in trouble if her mom found out. But she played in the pool for hours anyway.
Leonard was a big fan of the number one hit TV game show. He decided to try and become a contestant. He sent in an application and they contacted him months later. He tried out but only made it to level two before being disqualified. From then on, he didn't like watching the show anymore.
Edward likes to record funny stunts. He does the stunts and has his brother record them. He uploads the videos to the internet. A lot of people watch Edward's videos. The videos make everyone laugh.
A boy was playing with a rubber ball on the sidewalk. He threw the ball the ground hard to see how high it would go. The ball soared up in the air thirty feet. The boy went on the roof of his house to do better from there. He slammed the ball on the sidewalk and it went up a little higher.
Jim wanted a cat. He asked his mom if Santa could bring him a cat for Christmas. His mom said maybe, but cats were hard to carry in a sleigh. Jim tried to brace for disappointment. But on Christmas morning, he got a tiny white kitten!
Sam was being bullied in school. There was an older boy who picked on him constantly. Sam asked the boy to stop, but the boy did not listen. Sam decided to stand up for himself and fight the boy. Sam ended up in the principal's office for fighting.
The family adopted a child. The child fit in well with the family. The family talked about adopting another kid. There adopted child felt nervous about that. The family decided not to adopt another kid.
Jack made a ham sandwich. As he went to eat it, he had a knock on the door. He laid the sandwich down. When he came back, his sandwich was gone. He looked around and saw his dog finishing his sandwich.
John is a famous author writing his next book. John sat down with coffee at his computer. John worked tirelessly all night long. John finished the book and submitted it to his publisher. His book was named to the bestseller  list.
Chris wanted to visit the zoo. Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before. They both went together. Chris loved looking at the animals. Chris had a great time at the zoo with his friend.
Arabella's mom told her she was unreasonable. She had to yield and be a good girl. But Arabella put her foot down. There was no way she would go. In the end, she wore the purple and pink dress to school anyway.
Marnie loves to boil water for tea. Marnie has a bad habit of forgetting when she has water on the stove. Because of this, she has burned the water pan many times. Her friend Nola gave Marnie a whistling kettle one day. Marnie always remembers the boiling water when she hears the whistle.
Amy's dad was driving her to school out of state. They were 4 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored. Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly. Amy couldn't hear her music because his was so loud. Amy stared out the window dreading the last 5 hours.
The bases were all loaded. It was the last bat of the game. The slugger strolled up to the plate. He got in the box and readied himself. The pitch came in and he crushed it, a grand slam.
James is sick of paying the expense of marketing campaigns. There must be a better way to sell his device! He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his. They're more than happy to take his money and give him what he wants. James is happy they cost much less than buying advertisements.
Gina's job was low paying. And she needed to make more money. But her current job had taken months to find. And Gina needed the money quickly. She decided she would have to get a second job.
Zoey has an English test tomorrow. She has been studying all week. When she got to the test, she went blank. She could not remember anything. Zoey failed her test.
Rose had a garden. She tended to it all the time. But last week she went away on vacation. She thought her neighbor would water them for her. But to her dismay they did not and the plants wilted.
Jon felt that he was a loser. He decided to become cool. He got new clothes and a new hairstyle. Then, he had an epiphany. He realized it's more cool to be yourself rather than someone else.
Gina's music teacher could no longer sing. There was a problem with her throat. She was having a surgery to fix the problem. She wouldn't be able to sing for months. The teacher cried as she said goodbye to her class.
Dale works outdoors in an area with many stray dogs. He feels bad for them, so he feeds them his lunch. During a blizzard, Dale gets worried the dogs might freeze. He brings them home. Dale continues to do this for year, and saves hundreds of dogs.
Gina's parents were in the yard. There was a huge fight among their friends. Gina's mom tried to stop the fight. One of the other women grabbed her from behind and held her. Gina decided it was time to call the cops.
I decided to take up running in an effort to lose weight. Every morning, I ran 5 km along the road near my house. After a year, I managed to run 10 km three times a week. After another year, I took part in a marathon. I was overjoyed that I managed to finish the marathon.
Jill wanted a boyfriend but was too shy to meet boys. She tried online dating. Jill connected with John and liked his profile. John was just as shy as Jill. Together, they learned to be braver than they were apart.
Lindsay looked into the fridge. She noticed that there was nothing to eat. Although she saved up to buy a textbook, she went out for dinner. She brung her sisters since they were starving. The total dinner bill was $50.
Daniel's first day of high school is tomorrow and he is nervous. Daniel is determined to make high school an enjoyable experience. The next morning Daniel finally enters his new high school. He recognizes some of his old friends and doesn't feel as nervous. Daniel decides that high school will not be as scary as he thought!
One time a friend and I wanted to surprise our other friend. We asked her roommate to let us into their apartment late at night. We bought balloons and wrote fun phrases on them to put in her room. We sneaked in as she was sleeping as gently placed the balloons. She woke up with us there and was pleasantly surprised!
Maria wanted to learn how to bake a layer cake. She spent the morning scouring the internet for recipes. After deciding on red velvet, she procured the needed ingredients. It took about two hours of preparation to complete. To her shock and delight, she succeeded and the cake was fantastic.
I desperately wanted to be on my schools' Pom Pom team since I was 10. I always enjoyed dance and gymnastics, but classes were expensive. I would teach myself, and practice on mattresses or in pools. When it was time for tryouts I thought I had the routine down pat. When the music began I got stage fright and forgot the entire routine!
Brad kicked sand in my face by accident. I tried to wash my face afterwards. I tried to kick him on the ground. We ended up fighting each other. The teacher noticed us and broke up the fight.
I bought a basketball goal. It was for my son's birthday. He played with it for about an hour. He got frustrated and gave up easily. I tried to practice with him every day.
Bob auditioned and got the role to play the new Batman. He wanted to demonstrate to all his peers how macho he was. Bob insisted on doing all his own stunts. The harness holding him was defective and snapped. Bob plummeted to his death on the hard concrete below.
I decided to play for the city football team. I couldn't wait to be a star. I showed up to practice ready to play. After being tackled once, my back was broken. I decided to be a referee instead.
Kristen and Joey went on a weekend trip to a city near the beach. While they were there, they were busy helping Joey's grandmother out. Joey's grandmother kept them busy most of the weekend. Kristen was sad that they couldn't go chill at the beach. At the last minute, Joey made time to bring her out there!
The Goetschius family moved to the Outer Banks. It was their favorite vacation destination growing up. They opened up a Flip Flop shops to make some money. It was busy at first, but they got the hang of it. They ended up really enjoying their new home.
Brandy was looking for a date to the movies. She hadn't dated anyone in a while. She posted an ad on Craigslist. She got a lot of responses. Brandy picked out the best one for her and went on a date.
Kate spared a centipede baby. Two weeks later she saw a young one that could be the same one. Now there was another baby one on her wall. She reluctantly killed the baby centipede. She didn't want to give it a chance to scare her once it matured.
A sleek cheetah stalked the savanna. She spied a foolish antelope that had strayed from its herd. The cheetah crept closer before launching her attack. The cheetah and the antelope raced across the grass. The clever cheetah tripped her prey and won the deadly race.
John and his friends wanted to go fishing but didn't own a boat. The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone's boat. An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $50 dollars. John accepted the offer and went fishing with his friends. They caught a lot of fish and had a good time.
As a little boy, Charles loved riding buses. One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride. Charles shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed. A guy flirted with his mother. But Charles didn't care, he was having the ride of his life.
Tasha watched a sad movie. She was sobbing and need to wipe off her tears. She went to the tissue box and got a tissue. She wiped her tears but the tissue dissolved in her face. She had to spend an hour getting the tissue out of her eyes.
Cassidy wants to find a way to pass the time on a Saturday. He goes outside, but he still feels bored. Cassidy decides to play a game of hopscotch. He plays for a few hours. When he gets home he feels glad that he played hopscotch.
Max one day met Clara. The pair fell in love within weeks, inseparable by anything. He knew he needed to marry her but wanted to make it special. So he went to a mine, and began to work. Three weeks later he went on one knee and married her.
I wanted to buy a boat. My wife said no. I decided to get one anyways. I came home with the boat. My wife got angry and made me sleep on the couch.
James wanted to buy an xbox one. He definitely didn't have the money to though. James got a part time job at a coffee shop. After a few weeks of work, James had more than enough to buy the xbox. He felt really proud when he bought it after work.
Jerry had been saving for six months to take a trip. He wanted to go somewhere warm. After doing research he fell in love with San Diego. He bought a plane ticket and headed down south. Jerry loved the weather California had to offer.
Dan began to read a very long book about history. He took a break from reading after some time. Dan placed a bookmark where he left off. When he stood up the book fell over. The bookmark flew out and Dan didn't know where it was.
Vaughn arrived late at home that night. As he was hungry he ate some spicy leftovers he had in the fridge. An hour later, he tried to sleep but to no avail. His belly was hurting and he felt sick. Vaughn spent all night in the bathroom instead of sleeping.
I wanted the new video game magazine. It was 60 dollars a month to subscribe. I could not afford it. I took some extra shifts at work. After that I could afford the magazine.
Grass was getting high in Gary's yard. He wanted to mow but there were a lot of wildflowers growing too. He tried to mow around the flowers but it looked very ugly. As a compromise he picked all the flowers to make a bouquet. Then he mowed the rest of the lawn.
Jerry asked Tom to play a game of basketball. Tom agreed to play. Jerry asked Tom if he wanted to bet some money on who wins. However, he was not aware that Tom was really good Jerry lost a lot of money that day.
Samantha's dad took her to the park. He was going to teach her to ride her bike. At first, she did well and rode down the path. Suddenly, she fell and hurt her knee. Her dad comforted her and then they tried again.
My son encouraged me to read the Game of Thrones books. I read the first one. It was pretty fast and exciting. it held my attention. I told my son I was not interested in reading the other four books.
Jane had just gotten a new phone. She was trying to walk her dog and had it in her hand. Her dog jerked the lease and sent Jane and her phone flying. Jane's new phone cracked into a million pieces. Luckily Jane had insurance and was able to get a replacement.
Sue had a doll's house she really loved as a lonely child. It was a way to fantasize the happy life she wanted. As an adult, she was unable to get the toy from her childhood home. Sue was sad until she understood the doll's house was still with her. It had focused her dreams, enabling her to create a happy real life.
Jane loved going horseback riding. She would go every weekend. Her favorite horse was always ready for her. One day Jane's horse wasn't there anymore. Jane was sad to know he had passed away.
Ray wanted to be a painter. He entered some of his paintings into the town art contest. But so many other entrants were much better than him! Ray feared he would not win any prizes at all. Then, to his astonishment, he won first prize in the contest!
Jake was having a great time at dinner. He was out with his girlfriend. They finished up at the steakhouse. Jake walked out to his parking spot. He couldn't believe it his car was gone!
Today I built a fort with my Dad. We started out with sticks and blankets. He helped me dig holes for the sticks. We finished by placing the blankets on the sticks. We sat in there hiding out all day, I loved it.
John and Savannah bought an old house. It needed a lot of work to fix it up. Every weekend they worked fixing it up. They bought antiques to furnish it with. When they finished, it was considered the jewel of the neighborhood.
Joan and her family kayaked in a lake. It was a very bad idea. There weren't many waves and the water was so still. They came back to shore early. She made the day better by making burgers on the shore.
Ana was constipated. She tried prune juice, but it didn't help. Then she bought some over-the-counter medicine. She took two capsules as recommended. Within a day she was regular again!
Billy got his end of the year report card. He got an F in math. His parents made him go to summer school. Billy was not happy about this. He determined it was the worst summer ever!
Amy was at Ella's party. She was looking for Ella's brother Ray whom she had a crush on. After an hour she still hadn't seen him. Her friend Beth asked Ella where Ray was. Amy was both sad and happy to hear Ray wasn't at the party.
Ana went to her grandma's house. Her grandma was picking peas in the garden. Ana bent to help her grandma collect the peas. Then they sat together shelling the peas and chatting. Ana had a good time visiting and helping her grandma.
Tim was tired of being bullied at school. He called out his biggest bully to a fight. After school everyone gathered around to see them. Tim got beat up pretty badly. The bully knew he was no threat and bullied him even more.
After their first baby the Wilson's were unable to have another child. They already had an 8 year old boy who desperately wanted a sibling. They felt compelled to take the next step and adopt a child. They adopted a Chinese toddler and became a new big family. Their 8 year old was thankful and grateful for his new brother.
Bob was watching a cooking show where they were making steak. Bob got hungry. Bob went went to the store to get steak and mushrooms. When Bob got home Bob cooked the steak and mushrooms with butter. After Bob had eaten his delicious Bob felt satiated.
Ben was trying to sneak out of his house one night. He made it out, but then he saw something awful. The squeaky gate at the base of the walkway was locked! Ben knew he could not open it soundlessly. He had to jump over it instead.
Last year I tried ice skating. I went to the ice rink with my youth group. We rented ice skates from the front of the building. Then we put on our skates. Finally, we hit the ice!
Janie was an avid player of soccer. One day while playing in blue and purple socks she scored 8 goals. She had decided these socks must be lucky, and wore them ritually. On the day of her biggest game ever, Janie couldn't find her socks. She had to play without them, but still scored 5 goals!
Ken wanted to take a shower. He waited for the hot water to come on but it never did. Ken noticed the water never got hot. He went down to check the water heater. Ken realized the pilot light had gone out.
Chad was traveling to Florida for the weekend. Chad wanted a unique experience, so he rented a guest house. When Chad arrived at the house, he felt welcomed. He had a breakfast basket waiting, and various treats. Chad was glad he choose to stay in a guest house.
Margery took a look at her ring. She no longer loved her husband. She took off the ring and threw it into the water. Then she had second thoughts. She jumped into the river to retrieve it.
Shannon was trying to light a candle. The wick was very low and it took some effort. She was holding it upside down and trying to light it. Suddenly, her arm wavered and she hit the wick. The wick snapped off and the whole candle was ruined.
I owned a mammoth breed dog once, his name was Remy. He lived with me for 10 years and traveled everywhere, even overseas. Having a dog that weighs as much as a man is very expensive. He used to eat an entire giant size bag of dog food every week. He died a few years ago, but I'll never forget him and our adventures.
I played four games of speed chess last night. I play with my former coworker. I lost the first game, won the next two, and lost the fourth. My friend stopped playing and wanted to gossip. We called the series a draw and gossiped by Facebook messaging.
Blaine is walking home. Blaine sees a puppy in the street. A car is going to hit the puppy. Blaine picks up the puppy. Blaine saved the puppy.
sally was walking to the park. She found a small kitten in the grass. SHe took the kitten to the park with her to play. When is was time to go home,she put the kitten in her bookbag. She sat on the swing with the kitten
Mountain Dewerson was a massive beast of a man. One day he attempted to plant grass on a bare mountain. Unfortunately he fell off the mountain. He broke three bones. Mountain declared never again would he climb the mountains.
Karly was really excited about the Olympics. She'd watched the soccer team play all week. She took a soccer ball out into the yard to practice. She kicked it all evening until it deflated. She was ready to buy a new one and practice some more!
My wife bought a Keurig in 2012. We used Mister Coffee styled coffee makers until then. I was home alone often and it was hard to make a single cup. My wife had a coupon and she bought the Keurig. It has served our purposes nicely.
Mary bought a new perfume. She wore it on a date with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend began to sneeze. He was allergic to the perfume. Mary gave the rest of the perfume to a friend.
Quentin realizes he has very little food left at home. He decides to go to the grocery store. He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store. At the grocery store he buys fruit, vegetables, and meat. Quentin is happy that he has food at home now.
I was enjoy a day on the lake in my boat. A man in another boat approached me. He wanted to race. I agreed to the race and placed a bet. Alas, I lost the race!
Kathy bought a canvas. She found all her painting supplies. She painted an abstract scene. She was able to sell her painting to friend. When she did another friend wanted one.
Sue decided to get into shape. She bought new exercise clothes. She read how to do many new exercises. She bought a gym membership. She never went to the gym.
Tim and his wife were excited. They had hired a sailboat for the day and were going to sail. They had timed it so they would be sailing with the setting sun. Tim and his wife stood on the bow of the boat and looked on. The sunset was beautiful and they were happy.
Last night I had the worst nightmare. I dreamed that my best friend had passed away. When I woke up was I in tears. Thankfully I realized it was just a dream. I then felt better afterwards.
Michael's family was really religious. His family did not like tattoos. Michael got drunk with his friends one night. Michael got a tattoo while drunk. His family was very disappointed.
John met Susan at a yoga class. John asked Susan out on a date. John suggested a picnic. Susan agreed to the date. John packed a basket of food and they had a great date.
Georgette loved the Chicago Bears football team. Her favorite colors were their team's colors: blue and orange. Georgette decided to knit a sweater using blue and orange yarn. The sweater was so cute she made a matching one for her dog. They wore their sweaters every time the Bears played football games.
Ed was performing in a band. They left on their first tour. He was nervous about the travel. But the band loved being on the road. They extended their tour for many more months!
The woman worked hard on her pottery. She put the largest piece in the kiln. When it was ready, she took it out. It was beautiful! She painted it and put it on a shelf.
The mom heard the phone ringing. She answered the phone call quickly. It was the school saying her daughter was sick. She raced to the school and brought the girl home. That was her least favorite kind of phone call!
Hugo loved all foods. He recently tried raw fish. Someone told him to avoid due to possible disease. Hugo ignored him. Unfortunately, some sushi had a parasite and he got sick.
Jack stopped at the sports store to buy new golf balls. He got golf balls in five different colors. He paid for the balls and drove to the golf course. He met up with his team and distributed the balls. The team played, ate lunch, and everyone went home.
I looked around in the dead man's coffin. I had dropped my diamond earring in the casket. The earring fell in the bottom part of the coffin. I was scared to get the earring out. Losing earrings like this is why I don't like funerals.
Tim's family lived near the coast. He heard of a bad hurricane that was going their way. He called to check on them. Unfortunately they decided to try and make it through. They were killed in their home.
Preacher the parrot inched down the bar. He was eyeing me from the side of his head. I was sitting on the couch beside him. He suddenly yelled hello. I jumped very hard, and everyone laughed.
The Smith family was at their farm. A big storm was heading their way. They tried to protect their land as best as possible. The Smith family survived unharmed. Unfortunately much of their stuff was destroyed.
My wife got her ashes this Wednesday. She went to a local church. I did not go, being Protestant. The mass lasted an hour. My wife returned with doughnuts as a treat.
Riley loves to skateboard. He is out on the ramp trying out a new trick. Riley tries to land the new trick. He falls off his board and snaps his leg in two parts. Riley is taken to the hospital to be treated.
Tom loved his girlfriend. One day she commented how he smelled bad. A week later she said the same thing. Tom decided to take two showers per day. His girlfriend never complained about his smell again.
Fay's toddler had recently taken up marking the walls with crayons. She realized that her daughter was only trying to play. Fay bought butcher paper to tape to the walls at the child's height. After a lesson in where to color, the child took to marking the paper. Now both Fay and her daughter are both satisfied.
Dylan was a farmer. He needed to get his hay to market. Dylan decided he would buy a truck. After Dylan bought the truck, he was able to sell the hay. Now Dylan uses the truck every day!
My 99 year old friend Ben is losing more of his memory. He used to know my wife's name. Yesterday my wife bumped into him. He admitted he did not remember her name. I was saddened by his aging.
Kyle loved being outdoors. He was going camping with his best friend Todd. Todd had never been camping before. They pitched the tent and started a fire. Kyle hoped his friend had a fun time.
Mary was sound asleep in her bed. She was woken by the sound of muffled crying. Her son had had another nightmare. She rolled over, so he could climb in next to her. She spent the night trying to sleep with an elbow poking her side.
Rachel had misplaced a very important photo. It was the last photo of her grandmother in existence. She began digging through the attic trying to find it. During her search, she saw so many of her grandma's old belongings. The search took her mind off of her grandma.
Carol wanted to change her look up a bit. She decided to dye her hair blonde. She had been a brunette her entire life. It took her a while but the results were intense. Her friends complimented her and she was happy with her choice.
Lucy wanted to style her hair like her grandmas. She put rollers into her hair. She rolled each section on the roller and tied her hair in a scarf. After 3 hours she took the rollers down. She hated the outcome and tried to comb her hair straight.
Megan was at a donut shop. She really wanted a fresh donut, hot out of the machine. She waited in line and then got her donut. Then, she went to take a bite but it was so hot. She accidentally dropped the donut in surprise.
Tom was sick. He accidentally dropped some of his medication. He didn't have enough to last him. He asked a neighbor for some of theirs. The neighbor was able to help.
Sam loved his favorite band. They were going to come up with a new album. When it came out he bought it immediately. When he heard it he was really disappointed. He gave it more chances but still hated it.
Lucy cleaned out her garage and found a bunch of junk. She realized she doesn't need half of the stuff she has. Lucy decided to have a garage sale. She sold over all of the stuff that she didn't want. She ended the day with a clean garage and over two hundred dollars.
Mr Thompson is a substitute teacher. The class he has to go to has an unruly bunch. The class gave him a lot of trouble. He sent most of the kids to the principal's office. He couldn't wait to leave.
My coworker is married. Her husband was a pre-med major, but did not become a doctor. She was dating another pre-med major in college. That person went on to become a doctor. She is struggling, but says she still has no regrets.
Apart of physical education was to learn different sports. It was the week to learn football. I was running around the field trying to catch the ball. A classmate threw the ball and it hit me in the face. I never tried to play football again.
Samantha was playing in the snow the night before. Her clothes got all wet and she forgot to change. She felt really cold when she got in the house. She started sneezing and coughing. She had to stay in bed and miss school the very next day.
Logan went to the toy store. Logan looked at many toys. He looked at the dolls. He looked at the cars. He got a new horse toy.
Tim challenges his friend to a race. His friend agrees. The race begins. While running Tim slows down and stops. He had pulled a muscle running.
Whenever I talk on the phone my toddler gets very sneaky. She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails. She knows I am so distracted! Once she ate play-doh like it was a candy bar. Now I wait for her nap-time to talk on the phone.
Dylan was always hungry. Despite eating a lot, he was considered thin for his build. He visited the doctors to see what the issue was. It turned out that Dylan had worms. He was prescribed medicine to fix it and he soon gained some weight.
The girls gathered at their friend's house. They all laid out their sleeping bags. The curled up in the floor together. They watched scary movies all night. The first girl to fall asleep had her underwear frozen.
Ella wanted a pool in her yard. She saved money for Years. Then she called a pool company. They came and installed a pool for her. Ella finally had her pool!
Nita needed to get to her friends new house. She entered the address in on her GPS. Nita followed the directions given through her device. Nita couldn't find the house. Nita had to call her friend to direct her.
We walked to the burger place for dinner. I ordered a veggie burger. My partner ordered a beef burger. Then we split an order of fries. When we were done we walked home.
As I was preparing for my test I realized I didn't have any pencils. I asked all my friends if they had any, but they didn't. I looked around the school for one as well. Eventually I just asked the teacher for one. She gave me a pencil and I was able to do the test!
John chose a mesh muscle shirt to show off his physique. He wore the shirt to the beach to impress the girls. A pretty girl came over and joined John on his beach towel. When John peeled off his shirt, he saw the girl snicker. He looked down to see the mesh pattern burned on his skin.
I was standing at the street corner when someone ran past me. He grabbed my purse and ran away with it. Anxiously, I called for help. Since nobody was around to help me, I ran after him. I was too out of shape to catch him.
Yesterday was my 40th birthday. When I came home, my husband was acting very weird and nervous. When I got into the living room, I was shocked to see my whole family! My husband had planned a party all by himself! I couldn't believe he did it without me finding out.
Carrie was not feeling well the day of prom. She was puking in the bathroom at her hair appointment. She thought it was just nerves. At the prom she felt even worse with her date so she went home. Her date came home with her and helped her mom make her feel better.
Anna went out with her friends for Saint Patrick's Day. They went to a crowded local bar and ordered beers. But when the beers came, Anna was taken aback. They were colored bright green! It turned out the bar had added some festive food coloring!
A girl went to play with her friends. She went across the street. The parents went over to get her. She was lost. They found her in their home.
Barney was eating candy. But his teeth began to hurt. He went to the dentist. And he had a cavity. Barney decided to never eat candy again.
Bill was starving at work. He could not wait for lunch time. But then he remembered he had forgotten his lunch! He was sad, until his boss announced free taco tuesday. Bill would have a great lunch after all - for free!
Emily wanted to make chocolate chip cookies. She went to the store to purchase the ingredients. Once home, she mixed everything together. She wanted to sample the dough but waited until the cookies were done. She had three cookies that night with a glass of milk.
Mia was not feeling well one night. She was supposed to cook dinner but she was too sick. Instead she was laying in bed while her husband and kids ate pizza. Suddenly her husband surprised her with a hot bowl of soup. She was so happy and the soup did make her feel better.
Ward was very afraid of the dentist. One time when he went, the doctor pulled his tooth out. There was also a lot of blood. With fear, Ward went into the dentist's office. There was no pain and now Ward is not afraid of the dentist.
Cal was waiting for a friend in the mall. His friend was coming in from out of town. The traffic was backed up on his friend's route. The mall was going to be closing soon. Cal and his friend met up at a diner instead.
Bailey missed her school bus. She had to walk to school in the dark. On the way to school Baley noticed a man following her. Bailey picked up the pace to get away from him. She made it to school on time.
Tom got a shirt as a gift. He didn't really like it. Tom tried to return it but didn't know what store it was from. He looked it up online. Tom was able to figure it out and get store credit.
Jason loved typing. He had many different keyboards and old typewriters. He realized one day he only had QWERTY styles in his collection. Jason hurried to the computer and ordered an brand new Dvorak. Jason was happy but had trouble using the new keyboard at first.
Carla began writing poems to pass the time in jail. She likes poems because there were not solid rules about them. She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life. Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block. She was known all over jail.
LEo wanted to join the marching band. He practiced twirling his baton often. On tryout day, he felt confident about his chances. He made his best effort for the band. And to his joy, they let him join the band!
Esther loved to hand out candy to the kids on Halloween. She loved children but her grandchildren lived far away. Esther sat watching TV when the doorbell rang. She went to the door to give the children candy. Esther was shocked to see her son and his kids came to visit.
I decided to go to the beach today. I wanted to get some sun. I packed my sunscreen, bathing suit, and towel. I got into my car and drove to the beach. After staying for 2 hours, I drove home.
Finn was late for his doctor's appointment. He sat in the waiting room and waited for his turn. He spent all afternoon reading old magazines. When the doctor finally called him, he was the last patient. The doctor examined him but told him he wasn't sick at all.
This summer the Conner family went to Disney World. They visited for fourth of July and it was very hot and crowded. They still got to go on every ride they wanted. They saw fireworks and many shows as well. When it was time to leave, they didn't want to go!
Joe went to dinner with an old pal named Mike. Mike showed Joe a fake bug he carried in his pocket. Mike put the bug on his plate and called the waiter over. Joe felt embarrassed and angry. He grabbed the bug to show the waiter it was a fake.
Tom was drinking some coke. His friend had a bottle to spit chewing tobacco. Tom accidentally got the wrong bottle. Right before he drank from it he got a gross smell. He was barely able to stop himself.
The man was playing a guitar. He sang and performed in the subway. Commuters dropped coins into his guitar case. He was so good that a crowd formed around him. He made a lot of money and made lots of people smile.
The store I shop at was out of the mixed berry Pop tarts. I was really bummed until I had an idea. I bought some blueberry and strawberry Pop tarts. When I got home I toasted one of each at the same time. I squished them together and it was delicious!
Tom loved his girlfriend. He was going to propose to her over the weekend. He had planned it for a month. Before he could she broke up with him. He was devastated and had to return the ring.
John saw Bobby reached into Anne's backpack. Bobby pulled out Anne's wallet. John yelled at Bobby to give back Anne's wallet. Bobby gave back Anne's Wallet. Anne thanked John for helping her.
Tom loved his local basketball team. Unfortunately they were not very good. They lost most of their games. Tom still supported them. It made tickets a lot cheaper.
Margaret and Tony sat down on the couch to watch the Olympic games. First, they saw teams of volleyball players compete. After that, they saw cyclists ride to the finish line. Lastly, they watched swimmers race in the water. Margaret and Tony decided they would watch the Olympics again.
Jon's mom kept the heater too high in the house. Consequently, Jon was always sweating. He complained to his mom. They agreed to drop the heater temperature by two degrees. Jon was happy with the decision.
Tim was about half way across the pasture when he noticed the bull. The bull had already noticed Tim. It was heading straight for him. Tim whipped around and ran hard for the fence. He heaved himself over the fence just seconds ahead of the angry bull.
I am self-employed via online freelancing platforms. My own work ethic guides my rate of pay. If I slow down then my rate of pay declines. It is motivational but also stressful. I find that it makes me need to rush through some tasks.
Gina and her dad were awake as they drove into town. The road trip was almost over. Her father woke her mother up. Gina woke up her siblings. Everyone stared in wonder and relief as they drove into town.
Mark was very hungry. The only issue was he didn't have any money. He searched the street for many hours. Finally, he found a dollar on the street. Finally, Mark was able to eat something for lunch.
Anita thought Pastor Troy was crooked. She thought he asked for offerings too many times. The pastor assured everyone the church ran up bills. But, the pastor showed up with a new car and house. Anita asked the congregation was anyone else offended by the pastor?
I wanted to be a knitter like my neighbor Ms Alberta Lee Cole. She Taught me how to knit but I had to buy my own yarn and needles. I saved my allowance money that I made doing weekly chores. I visited the five and dime store to buy my own yarn and needles. Now I am a knitter who sells his homemade garments on Etsy Dot Com.
I needed a new job. I decided to apply for a grocery store cashier job. I went in for an interview. I answered every question with confidence. It turns out they wanted someone with more experience.
Tom was a marathon runner. He had won several of them. A big long one was coming up. Tom trained extra hard. He was able to win by a close margin.
My sister took me to a nascar race. I have never been to one before. I was excited to see how it was. It was really loud. It is really an exciting sport to watch.
She whispered to her friend. They started to giggle. The health teacher looked up. She told them to be quiet. They laughed again, frustrating him.
A person knocked on the door. Nancy opened the door to find out who the person is. The new neighbor greeted them and offered some homemade cake. However, he stood by the kitchen window at night. Nancy became suspicious of his intent and called the cops.
Kenny is an amateur treasure hunter. Every weekend, he goes to the shore with a metal detector. He searches every nook and cranny hoping to find items of value. This week's trip turned up a few coins, jewelry, and trash. Determined to try again, he plans on returning next week.
We went to dinner last night. It was raining heavily. When we were done the rain had stopped and the sun was out. I took a photo of sun lit clouds in back of the restaurant. I am going to print the photo.
Tom was a very strict boss at work. He never made jokes or smiled. So his employees were scared of him most of the time. When the Christmas party came, they all thought it wouldn't be fun. But Tom, outside of work, was extremely funny and personable.
When I was in 6th grade, my father got married. His new wife lived in a different state than us. He quit his job and moved us in with her. I had to transfer schools. I struggled to make new friends but eventually found some.
Sasha dreamed of owning a hair salon. Sasha had no money to buy the store. Sasha's friends all pitched in money. They raised over $100,000 for her! Sasha now owns her own salon!
I got a new book yesterday. It was a great book. Only problem it took forever to read. It took me months. When I was done it was a relief.
Pia likes to wear makeup. She uses all her allowance money to buy makeup. Pia decides to go into a career in makeup. She attends cosmetology school. After graduation, Pia gets a job as a makeup artist.
Lee loved swimming. She wanted to be a champion swimmer. But she just couldn't race fast enough to win any contests! Then Lee found another way to keep herself in the water. Lee became a swim coach and got paid to be in the water every day!
Juan is seeking entrance into the United States. He tries traditional routes but his denied. Undeterred, Juan enters illegally. He gets a job and provides for his family. Juan loves his new life.
The lawnmower asked to cut the grass in front of my house. I accepted the offer and paid him in advance. He took out several equipment from his truck. As he started to use his lawnmower, he moved throughout the backyard. The grass ended up being cut evenly.
Ted was late for work. He was speeding down the highway trying to make up lost time. When he saw flashing lights behind him, he knew he was in trouble. He pulled over and gave the officer his license and registration. To his relief, the police officer let him go with only a warning.
Today is the day, Cara is so excited to go car shopping. She goes to the dealership right away. Cara spends hours looking at cars, and finally finds the perfect one. She signs all the papers and makes the down payment. She is so happy when she drives her new car home.
Chya loved drawing cartoons and comics. She wanted to be famous for her work. She sent samples into many agencies. Soon a publishing agency hired Chya as an illustrator. Chya knew she was well on her way to renown!
We celebrated Easter yesterday. We went to church. We had lunch as a family. The younger children had an Easter egg hunt. It was a lovely day.
Betty loved her Grandma's chair. It was something she remembered seeing around when she was younger. When Betty's Grandma passed away, she begged her mother for the chair. Although her mother wanted the chair, she knew Betty cherished it. Betty was given the chair for her room which made her very happy.
We went to a Bat Mitzvah in 2005. My friend Jack had it for his daughter. Jack and his wife are divorced. During the ceremony, his ex-wife asked him to pose together. I thought it was a gracious moment.
Fred had heard about a meteor shower that evening. He really wanted to see it. He got all of the details about the time and viewing. That night he went outside, hoping to have a decent view. To his delight he had a clear view and he saw the whole event.
Sid started to panic as the torrents of rain beat against her. She'd made it halfway across the rope bridge. The rainy bloated waters of the river could be contained no more. They roared and reared, thrashing against the flimsy bridge. Sid was swept away, to drown alone in the muddy waters.
Susie was brushing her teeth. She noticed a funny taste in her mouth. She had accidentally used hair gel instead of toothpaste. She spit out the hair gel in her mouth. Afterwards, she rinsed her mouth with some warm water.
Martha was at home about to go to bed. Suddenly she heard a knock on the door. It was a police officer. He let Martha know that her adult daughter had been in an accident. Martha rushed to the hospital to check on her.
Roger Rumface was furious. The picture in the catalog had lied. He thought he purchased a bundle of sticks. But now there was a naked man at his door. If only roger realized it was an ad for male strippers.
Everyday Tina decided to eat an easy mac. She would eat one everyday as a snack. Yet one day she ran out of them. Tina was disappointed. She had to go and buy more.
An American man went on a family vacation in Mexico. It was his first time to leave the country. He was enamored by the vibrant and unique cultures. He deeply appreciated the unique ways of life and value systems. He decided to travel the world shortly after this experience.
Pollyana set her phone to notify her of incoming emails. She also set up some auto-buys on various tiny online auctions. Her phone was buzzing about it all day. Her supervisor asked her to stop goofing off on her phone. Pollyana turned off the email notifications.
Stacy just moved to a new town. She was nervous about making friends. When she walked in the building for school she was scared. Thankfully some girls went and talked to her. They all became fast friends.
Amy wanted to buy a coat when it went on sale at work. She arrived the day of the sale to find her size was gone. She checked in the storeroom but they were sold out of her size. Amy decided to go with a size larger. After a month Amy realized the coat was just too big.
Lisa was recently divorced. Her friends begged her to get out of the house. Lisa agreed to see a movie with her friends. She had a great time at the movies. Lisa eventually begin going out more with her friends.
John has been working as a chef for many Year's. The restaurant where he works employs two dishwashers. However, one night, both dishwashers are sick. John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes. Although he is a chef, he doesn't feel too proud to clean dishes.
The woman was driving her car. She sneezed. She lost control of her car during the sneeze. She hit a tree. She got a broken arm.
Bill's older brother told him he'd never get a date. He spent too much time playing video games. One day he was at the video game store. A pretty girl came up beside him, asking his advice on a game. They hit it off so he asked her out and she said yes.
Cindy really likes apples. She liked apples so much that she wanted to grow an apple tree. She planted a tree with seeds from a local gardening store. After 10 years, her tree finally started to grow fruit! Now she has more apples than she can eat.
I was walking on the football track with a friend. As we circled the right end of the track, I saw two kids. They were riding bikes down the road. A chain broke, and a kid went sailing in front of a car. I screamed as I realized it was my son.
Dina always wanted to play tennis. She enrolled in a summer tennis program. She spent the entire summer practicing. She became very good at playing tennis. Dina now plays tennis professionally.
Jan enters her mother in a mother/daughter beauty contest. She doesn't tell her because her mother hates beauty contests. When her mother finds out what Jan did behind her back she is furious. But she decides to go anyway when she sees how important it is to Jan. Jan is happy when the duo wins the first place prize of $5000
John had to practice for his upcoming wrestling match. He went to the gym extra early so he could prepare. The gym was already overcrowded with other people wanting to practice. John felt rushed and did not have a good session. John went home dejected.
Ana had always wanted to dance ballet. Finally she talked her mom into letting her take a class. She went to it happily, focused and determined. But the class was very difficult and not like she'd thought. Ana decided ballet was not for her, after all.
Sam needed antibiotics. He was almost done with all his treatment. Unfortunately he dropped the last pill. It disappeared and he never found it. Sam was told by his doctor it was okay.
Kate had a pair of ugly sunglasses. She thought she looked great in them. Nobody had the heart to tell her. Finally one day a drunk friend made fun of her. Kate never wore them again.
Macy was trying to make some extra cash. She painted in her free time and decided to sell some of them. She advertised for her sale online. At first, no one was stopping by to view anything. Finally, several people arrived and soon she was sold out.
Jill had a soccer game on Friday. When Friday came, her team beat the opposing one! Jill was the goalie, so she received a special award. She put the award on her bookshelf. The team appreciated Jill from then on.
Charlotte dropped out of college to stay home with her infant. Five years later, she decided to finally earn her degree. Her husband mocked her for trying. Charlotte took classes in the evenings. She ended up graduating with honors.
One day, a young girl named Sarah was walking through the forest. As she turned a corner on the path, a squirrel looked down at her. Noticing the squirrel, Sarah stopped and waved. The squirrel chirped and scurried up the tree. Sarah continued walking, a smile on her face.
Ben walked outside to check out the weather. A dark cloud was forming over his head. He held out his hand and waited. A snowflake began to fall from the sky. The flake drifted into Ben's hand.
Jamie and matt met up. They wanted to study for the new test. They decided to play a round of a game first. They ended up playing 5 hours of the game. They did not study at all.
Sonia longed to have a boyfriend of her own. Every time her friends invited her to parties, she was alone. To remedy the situation, she went on a dating site online. She met a guy and brought him to her friends' party. To her amazement, they clicked, and became fast friends.
Jenny put on a pair of long underwear made of synthetic material. She donned her NOMEX pants over the leggings and hurried out the door. She miscalculated the fire's pace and got caught in the flames. Jenny's synthetic leggings burned into her skin. She screamed every time the EMTs cut another piece away.
Lori was excited to get hired at the local pet store. She loved cats and dogs, and she couldn't imagine a better job. One day she had to go into the ferret room to feed the ferrets. One of the ferrets ran up Lori's pant leg. Lori screamed, and ran out of the pet store never to return.
Bob was a master tennis player. He thought he could never be beat. One day he met a new kid in town named Billy. Billy challenged Bob to a tennis match. Bob still retained his title.
I went to the moves last night. I saw a man in the theater filming the movie. After the movie ended I saw two policeman standing in the lobby. I then saw the bootlegger make a run for it. The police caught him and took him to jail.
Jasmine went to the beach with her friends. She took off her ring to go into the water. Jasmine and her friends came back in from the water. Jasmine looked everywhere for her ring. Jasmine and her friends weren't able to find her ring.
The man went into the restroom. The stalls were full. He waited for a vacant stall. It was taking too long. The man went across the street to find another bathroom.
Mike was always health conscious. And when he a job at a fast food restaurant, everybody saw it. He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease. And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them. After one week, Mike was fired.
Mark just moved into a new neighborhood with his parents. Mark wanted to go out and explore. Mark started to walk around his new neighborhood, exploring everywhere. Mark soon realized that he was lost! Mark's parents went looking for him and found him soon.
Lucy wanted a pet, but not a boring old dog or dull cat. She realized that she loved birds, especially the kind that could talk. Lucy took some time to research birds that made good pets. Soon she found a parakeet named Horatio that needed a home. Lucy adopted Horatio and now loves spending time with her unusual pet.
Monica was excited for her very first soccer game. She got together with her team and gathered on the field. The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal. By the end of the game, Monica's team won in pride. The coach handed out trophies and Monica smiled in delight.
As a child, I was obsessed with Rainbow Brite. I used to be her for Halloween. I had her toy doll in my room. She was my favorite toy girl. I wish I could still collect her memorabilia!
Tim loves elephants. He has wanted to see an elephant in the wild his entire life. For his honeymoon, Tim convinces his wife to go on safari. Tim and his wife travel to Kenya to go on safari. Tim is finally able to see an elephant up close.
I just arrived in America. My friend said I should try a hamburger. I was skeptical but I agreed. We went to a diner and bought two hamburgers. They were delicious and I ordered another one!
Bartholomew wanted to submerge himself in each of the world's oceans. He had already set foot in the pacific and atlantic. He was aiming to have a big trip to get a few more. That would leave him with only the arctic ocean left. Bartholomew was not looking forward to the temperature.
Andy believed expensive office chairs were just a gimmick. So he stuck with worn old one. But his chiropractor recommended a new one. But Andy refused. After suffering a back injury, Andy regret being cheap.
Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet. She noticed something in the back of the closet. It was an SD card that she had lost. She uploaded it on her computer. Then, she discovered a bunch of long lost photos.
Jill knew she left her math homework on the table. However, when she went to put it in her backpack it wasn't there. She looked all over for it. Then she saw her black Lab Izzy with some papers in her mouth. It was Jill's math homework.
I hate grooming. I feel it takes to much time. As a result, I never brush my hair. One day, I ended up with a dread that i couldn't untangle. I had to cut my hair off.
Terry was excited to go see the race. His dad had been driving the drag car for a while now. Terry was never allowed to come to a race until now. His dad pulled up to the starting line ready to go. The lights went off and his dad was flying down the track.
Yesterday I was having a bad day. Nothing seems to be going my way. I came home very depress. My wife saw that I was depress. She gave me a hug to make me feel better.
Very early, Mommy pulled the car into the new driveway. She carried the tired children into the new house, and they all slept. When they all woke up, Mommy made lunch, and they ate on the floor. Daddy arrived with the moving truck, and he unpacked the beds. They worked hard, and slept soundly that first night in the new house.
Erin was cleaning out his basement one morning. While he was cleaning it, he found an old antique watch. He searched on the internet to see what type of watch it was. He realized that it was a watch from the 1800s! He decided to put it on Ebay and he made a lot of money.
Pascal's family considered him a jack-of-all-trades. He seemed able to accomplish almost any task. His expertise seemed to span diverse subject areas as well. The truth was that he was using internet tutorials every time. Pascal's family knew this, but allowed him to keep up appearances.
Amy's cupcake had been open for 3 months. Her customers loved her Strawberry Shortcake cupcakes. One day Amy missed an ingredient in the batter. She threw the batch away and had no strawberry shortcake for that day. A lot of customers were disappointed their favorites were out of stock.
Brent and James worked at the same place. They decided to ride together. They met every day at a local park. They took turns driving their cars. They saved a lot of money on gas this way!
Jenny pushed the stroller up the stairs while watching the apes. The stroller hit a bump in the stairs. The baby in the stroller proceeded to fall out of the bottom. The baby was passed seamlessly between 3 people. The baby settled in Chad's lap at the bottom of the stairs.
Under the Reagan administration, two sisters got their green cards. However, they also wanted to become US citizens. They both studied for several weeks. They stopped only when they felt they were ready to take the test. When they finally took the tests, they both passed.
I downloaded Pokemon Go onto my smart phone. I was playing the game at a beach early in the morning. I was chasing Pokemon along the beach and into the water. Suddenly, I noticed that there was a dead body beside me. I called the police and they came to investigate.
Mark was an excellent chef, he considered cooking an art. He would prepare lavish dishes with the rarest of ingredients. Lobsters, venison, dolphin you name it, he cooked it, and well. He was chosen to cook for Obama and a grand feast it was. One of the best chefs of the decade Mark became renown for his skill.
Jen bought a new house. When she moved, she began to arrange and furnish. On the ceiling, she found a locked black box. She broke the lock and opened it. There were some love letters from 19th century, there.
Eric got a new cell phone. And he brought it to school. But during class, it rang. And everyone heard his embarrassing pop music ringtone. The teacher laughed so much that he didn't care about punishing Eric.
Maggie bought three chocolate bars in the store. She came home and opened one bar. She found out the chocolate did not taste good. She did not notice the old date on the package. The next day she took it back to the store.
The villagers rammed the castle gate. The wooden doors splintered with each impact. After a final thrust the mob poured inside. They quickly laid waste to the interior. Their plan had succeeded.
Tim had poor eyesight. He needed glasses. He didn't want to wear any. The eye doctor told him about contact lenses. Tim got those instead.
Artie liked to try to guess how much people weighed. He met Christine, and told her that he thought she weighed 200 pounds. Christine was mortified and offended. She slapped Artie. Artie now keeps his guesses to himself.
Frank hated taking his medicine. The medicine was very sour and did not taste good. One day, his mom forgot to give him medicine. Then, Frank got very sick and had to go to the hospital. Now, Frank makes sure that he takes his medicine every single day.
Jason had wanted to travel to Spain for his whole life. It would be an expensive vacation to take. Jason started saving money for his big trip to Spain. Finally he had enough to book a ticket. Jason had the vacation of his dreams in Spain.
I finally got it right. I landed with both feet on the ground. I had put my hands up high. I had taken a deep breath. It was my first cartwheel.
We had roast chicken for dinner last night. We usually buy a roasted chicken. Last night my wife roasted chicken from scratch. Our cat sat under the table hoping to get a piece. The cat was disappointed, as she did not get a scrap.
May had a decade worth of old clothes, books and stuff. She organized a moving sale, even though she wasn't moving. Dozens of people stopped by to sort through the piles and boxes. May gave away items to people who couldn't afford to buy more. At the end of the day May made a thousand dollars and cleaned up.
My daughter is an auditory learner. She loves listening to songs. It only takes her once or twice to learn a new song. Yesterday we listened to a song three times. Now,  she can sing it all by herself.
Dane was an angry guy. On nights out, he would often look for trouble. Last weekend he picked a fight with someone twice his size. It turned out the guy was an MMA fighter. Dane was on the floor faster than you could say UFC.
Tim walked down the bread aisle of the supermarket. He reached for a loaf of the name brand bread but paused. He saw that the store brand was much cheaper. Today Tim felt the need to try something new to save some money. He grabbed the store bread and tossed the name brand bread aside.
Ira Einhorn was pure evil. He lived in Philadelphia and killed a woman. He stuffed her body in a trunk inside his apartment. When police  found the body, he was arrested for murder. Einhorn posted bail and went on the run for over twenty years.
Sam was DJ at a wedding last week. They kept asking him to play the same songs over and over again. He got frustrated and told them he wouldn't anymore. The people requesting them got equally upset. Sam didn't budge and played other music instead.
Tasha cut lots of wood. She started a campfire with it. She roasted marshmallows over the fire. The fire was warm and cozy. Tasha loved having a fire in her backyard!
Addie was at the zoo with her family. They were looking at giraffes when one came up to the fence. Addie pulled up some long grass to feed the giraffe. She was shocked by its long purple tongue. It wrapped it around the grass, taking it from her hand.
Brie ran to the playground with joy in her heart. She was going to swing all day. Suddenly she stopped. The swings were all gone. Brie was upset the rest of the day.
Paul was nervous as he put his keys into his car. The car started and he put it in drive. Paul gave the engine some gas and shot out of his driveway. There was light traffic on the road as Paul drove to work. As he parked the car, he felt more at ease.
I worked in a department store in the summer of 1970. I was an on call stock person. One day I worked in the art department. The next day I cleaned muffin pans in the bakery. I was glad to go back to school.
Tom owned a cat. His cat would use the litter box every day. Tom disliked cleaning the litter box. Tom hired a maid to do it. Tom felt better about never cleaning the kitty litter again.
Joseph looked forward to his birthday. He already tasted the chocolate on his taste buds. So when his birthday came, he was sitting with his fork at the ready. His mom put the cake in front of him. But the cake tasted like nothing and was a disappointing experience.
She worked on it for over an hour. She didn't know if she would make any progress. At the end of the hour, she stopped. She looked over her craft. She was extremely unsatisfied.
Kevin adopted an animal. It was a tiny puppy from the shelter. The dog was so small and furry! Kevin couldn't stop snuggling him. Kevin was so happy he had adopted the creature.
Lucy was cooking the food in the restaurant . She was gearing up for the close soon. However something caught her eye. It was a mouse. Lucy screamed and tried to kill it.
Erin drives the big green trash collection truck on Tuesdays. Some people think it is unusual for a woman to drive a trash truck. Erin thinks it's unusual too. However, she has loved driving the truck ever since her husband died. Every time she gets in it she is reminded of how much he loved her.
Abby was exhausted. Her baby had been up all night. She finally got her to sleep when the dog barked. The baby was up crying again. Abby was so frustrated!
I retired from my job in 2012 after 26 years. Today I got an email from a someone in my agency. She was assigned a task I had in 2008, but the files were archived. She asked if I could recall the project. I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her.
Mike called himself the pirate of the New Harmony Township. He would garage sail, as he called it, every summer for treasure. In a pirate costume he would haggle for the best price on things. Some people thought his act was funny and gave him a good deal. Mike built up a vast collection of treasure this way.
Paul was at a far away theme park. And he was excited to ride the roller coaster with a wooden track. But as he got closer, he became very nervous. And he decided to never ride it. After the long ride home, he regret not riding the roller coaster.
Jen got upset when her phone fell on the ground. The screen had cracked and she couldn't see anything anymore. She went to a store to have it repaired. But the price asked was as high as a new phone. Resigned, Jen went to another store and bought a new phone.
The man went into the basement. It smelled very bad. He searched for the source of the smell. He found a dead rat. He removed the dead rat from the basement.
Jean was hired by his dad's company. She was scolded by him daily. He told her not to leave the job. But Jean had had enough of the abuse. She quit the job shortly after.
Down two points, Paul knew he had to make the final shot. He caught the pass and dribbled up the floor. He kept an eye on the clock as he moved to an open spot on the court. He focused on the basket as he took a three-point shot. The ball swished through the net for the win.
Liz felt like she was waiting in line for coffee longer than usual. She was starting to get annoyed. When it was her turn to order she had a pleasant surprise. The person in front of her had paid for her coffee! She felt happier then even though she had to wait so long.
Tom's parents were divorced. They tried to compete against each other during his birthday. They both tried to get him the best gift. This year his dad got the better one. Tom decided to stay with him longer because of it.
Sammy needed to go to the bathroom. He was a little nervous waiting, so he was humming. The teacher wanted to know who was humming while he was talking. Paul pointed at Sammy. Sammy felt so bad he began to cry.
Jared was very slow. Slow at everything he does. He walks and even runs slow. He walked so slow one day his teacher called him a turtle. The name stuck and everyone calls him that.
Tim was walking down the street. Tim had financial problems. Tim saw a twenty dollar bill on the ground. Tim picked it up. Tim became very happy about his financial upswing.
Joe is so hungry. He has been working all day long. Joe decides to order a delicious pizza. The pizza arrives at Joe's place. He enjoys the pizza very much.
Bob was trying to run an 8051 simulator. He went to the download site and grabbed the latest one. Bob was discouraged when he he found it was only a sample. He went back to the website to get the right one. Bob was happy to see his simulated code working.
Bill left the house unlocked in case she decided to come back. When he got home that night the house was still empty. He knew it was final and he sat in despair. The next day he woke up and vowed next time things would be different. They never changed and he overdosed a week later.
Gina's parents were gone most of the day. She was sure they were out partying. At 8 PM they arrived at her grandma's house. With a moving truck. Gina knew they were finally going back to Minnesota.
Kate wrote a book. She tried to get it published. She sent it to different places. Eventually one publishing house picked it up. It sold well and they asked her for another book.
Blake was feeling frustrated with his job. It seemed as though he had advanced as far as he possibly could. When he approached his boss about a promotion, he was noncommittal. One day, Steve decided he had enough. He handed in his two-weeks without second thought and stormed out.
Enrique has always loved eating red meat. His favorite Sunday evening dinner was always hamburgers. However, one day Enrique learns that red meat is very unhealthy. He decides to stop eating any read meat. Enrique feels sad to have stopped eating red meat.
Eli built a small shrine to the nature spirits. It was a simple thing, but he was proud of it, nonetheless. He'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs. Eli's classmates came over and saw what he'd made. Eli tearfully watched as they kicked it, destroying it completely.
Tim wanted to be outrageous for Halloween. He decided on a really insulting costume. A couple of his friends thought it was cool. Everyone else thought it was stupid and annoying. Tim didn't impress anyone new that night.
Eric was always good at singing. He was so good, his friends told him to tryout for American Idol. He made it through the first round very easily. The judges liked him a lot. Unfortunately, he was not good enough to make it to the semifinals.
Kim and Beth were on a tour of NBC Studios in NYC. They were able to see some of the green rooms. They were hoping to see The Today show set. As the tour ended they asked about The Today show. They were told they were filming so they wouldn't see the set.
Gabby had a set of twin boys. They were one year old and were pretty smart. Gabby wanted her boys to learn their alphabet. She began practicing it with them everyday for hours. In a month's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own.
Tim loved watching movies. He decided to have a movie night at his house. He invited friends over once a night. Everyone got to vote on a selection of movies to watch. It was a fun tradition that lasted a while.
Allie was walking with her friends. All of the sudden her button fell off. She could not find it. Allie looked all over. Finally she found it.
Sadie started taking tennis lessons. She needed to work on her serve. She hired a tennis pro. Sadie's serve got better. She was able to win matches much easier.
She took the baby to the hospital. He had turned yellow all over. The doctors said he had jaundice. They checked him into the hospital. They told his mother she would join him.
The electricity around the neighborhood turned off. Nancy searched for candles inside of her house. She managed to find a few. Her neighbors came over to help her cook some food. They talked about their daily lives on the table.
Morgan was going for a bike ride on a sunny day. Halfway through, it began to pour down rain. She stopped under a bridge to wait out the rain. Once the rain cleared, she saw a rainbow across the sky. She was sad it had rained, but the beautiful rainbow made up for it.
People who knew Doug found it hard to believe he was a grandfather. But he was a grandfather and he proved it Easter Sunday. His daughter had a church date with a friend. She didn't want to take her eight month old daughter. So Doug kept his daughter's baby, fed her and played with her all day.
Henry got fouled on a lay-up shot. However, the referees disagreed and didn't make the call. Henry took his frustration out but elbowing the person who fouled him. The ref didn't overlook the play and suspended Henry from the game. In the end, Henry had no regrets.
My cousin was getting married to her boyfriend. At the ceremony he didn't show up. Everyone was worried he had gotten cold feet. Instead, his car and his cell phone had died! They got married two hours later than they were supposed to.
John was very careful to follow the recipe while making cupcakes. They were for Mother's Day so he wanted them to be perfect. He tried one after they were all iced to make sure they were okay. But they weren't! He accidentally put in 1 cup of salt instead of 1 tablespoon!
Our family loves to eat pasta. We serve pasta for dinner at least three times every week. Last week, I forgot to set the timer and the pasta was overcooked. We thought dinner was ruined, but it actually tasted better that way. Now we always cook pasta for 2 extra minutes.
Randi was a girl who enjoyed being a tomboy. She played basketball with the boys and climbed trees. She always wore pants and rarely wore dresses. One day she had to attend a wedding and wear a dress. Randi put the dress on and ended up having a really great time.
Gary communicated over a speaker phone. He called on everyone to assemble together. When everyone found each other, Jeff was missing. We went searching for him however, he appeared nowhere. The police force started to investigate the place.
Laura wanted to decorate her house. She wanted to paint it a different color. She hired a contractor to paint ttt her house lime green. They painted her house in a few hours. Laura's lime green house stood out in her neighborhood.
Cara bought a red dress for her son's graduation. It was two sizes too small. Cara used it to motivate her on her diet. On the big day, she tried the dress on. She was so happy to see that it fit her!
My friend Tony bought a drone. It cost $1900. He uses it to take scenic photos. Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport. The airport asked him to take it down.
Charlie had to run to the store to get diapers. He had forgot to get them on his way home from work. His wife had ran out and really needed them. Charlie got yelled at for being lazy. He immediately left to go get the needed diapers.
Antonia has been with her man for 10 years. They have not yet married. Then one day her man proposes to her. Antonia says yes. Antonia finally gets married.
Jim was unprepared for a math exam. Midway through the test he realized he was going to fail. Jim then pretended to have a heart attack. He really got into the theatrics of his deception. At the end of his show he even took a bow.
Harvey and his family saved up money for a vacation. After a year of saving, Harvey made plans to go to the coast. Harvey and his family drove to their hotel location. When they arrived, the family was greeted by constant rain. It rained so hard, the family had to go home.
Allie dreamed of having a popular Youtube channel. She was pretty good at doing makeup. She decided that she should make her videos about that. She filmed a makeup tutorial and posted it online. The video ended up getting a lot of views.
Landon's ninth birthday party is a huge success. He and his friends have been playing on the huge water slide. It's so much fun, they don't even stop to reapply sunscreen. Later that night, a sunburn can be seen on his face and shoulders. Landon realized that mom really does know what's best!
Ronda has many cats. One of them was named Sasha Bebo. Sasha Bebo did not like people not even Ronda. Ronda always wondered what she was truly thinking. Sasha ran away 5 days later.
Timmy confronted Billy under the monkey bars. Billy warned him to reconsider what he was about to do. Timmy threw a punch which Billy easily dodged. Billy knocked Timmy to the ground with one swift kick. Timmy's eyes widened as he knew he was the one now in trouble.
I went to the bathroom when I was at the bar. While washing my hands I noticed my ring was gone. I checked my pockets to no avail. I ran back to my seat to look. It was on the floor next to my chair.
Justin and his family had a house on the beach. They knew a hurricane was on its way. They started taking all the proper precautions. As the hurricane drew near, they decided to seek shelter. Luckily, the storm passed and there was no damage.
Sam didn't like her nose. Her bullies made fun of it. She asked her parents for a nose job. They paid for it. The bullies bullies her more.
Jonathan was a silly type of man. He lived out in the wilderness in his parents Trailer. One day Jonathan  decided to show up at his friend's house. His friend was caught by surprise. Jonathan settled in at his friends for a movie night together.
Harry put a time capsule in his basement and stored things there. The things like pictures represented memories and life lessons. Harry would put these things monthly. Eventually Harry stopped putting things in it. Years later, Harry looked at the time capsule and remembered his life.
We took my three year old niece to the zoo one time. We got there bright and early while the animals were active. My cute niece kept roaring at the lions. They didn't really do anything except look at her. But these are the memories I will cherish forever.
Sue's mom gave her a ring for her birthday. Sue wore that ring everyday. She took it off one day to wash her hands. While washing her hands, it fell down the drain. Sue could not catch it and it was gone forever.
Thanksgiving in the Miller house is always a great time. Everyone usually brings one dish to help with food. Grandma Miller is always in charge of cooking the turkey. Everyone gathers at Grandmas house to help her out. The Millers are very close and happy family.
Emma had soup and salad for lunch. She unpacked her utensils to eat. She saw that her mom had given her no fork! There was no spoon for her soup, either! Emma was sad until she spotted the spork.
Oreo is a 4 year old mutt we adopted. He has been shedding a lot of hair around the house lately. Yesterday I bought a brush to try and help the problem. I sat down with Oreo and started to gently brush him. He loved it so much, he begged me to keep brushing him for an hour!
Lori was nervous for her blind date. When she arrived to the restaurant she didn't find her date. Her date arrived almost ten minutes late. They did not get along very well. When he asked her for a second date, Lori declined.
It was Bob's last day at his house. He lived on a beautiful twenty acres on top of a mountain. He decided to take one last walk around his property. If for no other reason to smile at every place he had buried a body. Bob was looking forward to moving to Mexico.
Sarah had a birthday recently. She asked her parents for a puppy for her present. On her birthday, she received a box with holes in it and a red ribbon. She opened the box to find a puppy labrador inside. Sarah was so happy to get her birthday wish.
I drove the pirate down Main and towards Broadway. He looked pretty scruffy, but smelled nice enough. I decided I wasn't going to charge him extra. When he got out, his sword smacked against the side of my cab. He paid his fare, giving me a twenty as a tip and a chocolate coin!
Mike was a caring man. Mike's brother had 2 children. His brother got into some trouble and needed to do jail time. Mike took full custody of his nieces while their dad was in jail. His brother was forever thankful unto Mike.
Mark's dog is really aggressive. It snarls if anyone gets near its food. Mark sent his dog to training school. It stayed there for several weeks. It returned very well behaved.
I got mad at my brother when I was three years old. I grabbed a chair and pulled it up to a pencil sharpener in his room. I methodically sharpened the pencil in the sharpener. I walked over to my brother and stabbed it into his forearm. He had a small piece of lead permanently imbedded in his arm.
Last week we had a beach day. It was great. I was really looking forward to it. When we went it was very hot. I jumped in right away.
Jimmy was really mean to Chad about his Facebook likes. He said he only gets likes from family. Jimmy was always saying mean things. Chad decided to block Jimmy. Now he can't say mean things on social media anymore.
Yesterday at the ferry it was insane. I could not believe how long the line was. I was trying to get off the boat but people were not moving. It was irritating. It took an hour until we got off.
Sara decided to adopt a cat. She went to the shelter, but none of them seemed right. Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room. Sara fell in love with the cat immediately. Sara brought the cat home that day.
Claire and Jonathan was on a road trip from Arizona to California. Jonathan was happily driving when he noticed something alarming. He realized his gas tank was at empty and he had a mile left. It felt like an hour had passed as Jonathan drove very slowly. By miracle, they reached a gas station before the car came to a halt.
It was Jack's first day of school. He was very excited. His mom and dad had packed all his things for him. They took him to the school and dropped him off. He walked into his first class and knew that he would like it.
Lisa was walking to the store. She noticed she was being followed by a creepy man in black. She walked faster and so did he. Suddenly, he started running after and yelling something. She turned around and realized he was trying to return her lost phone!
Alice wanted presents for Christmas. Her parents told her she had to tell santa what she wanted. She went to the mall and saw santa, but was scared. Santa reassured Alice that he was harmless. She sat on his lap and told Santa her wish list for the first time.
Ella really wanted to be a teacher. She studied hard in school and went off to college. In college she majored in education science. Ella finally graduated and took a job teaching. This year, Ella was nominated for national Teacher of the Year.
Juliette grew up her whole life learning how to sing. She tried her best at American Idol and wanted to win. The judges all approved of her and she was happy. Juliette finally made it to the last round of American Idol. The judges loved her and she won the American Idol!
Calla wanted lilies in her wedding bouquet. None of the florists around her house stocked them. Calla had to order them specially delivered. She paid extra to get them shipped from two states over. On the wedding day, that arrived just in time!
Bill's supervisor handed out a printed code of conduct. He read where it said smoking was forbidden, even in one's free time. Bill looked around, saw many of his coworkers grumbling. He went to his supervisor and told her he thought it was wrong. Bill was written up for insubordination, but felt good about himself.
Dan was a proud member of the softball team. Recently, at a game, Dan's team was tied with the other team. In addition, Dan was up to bat, and had not had a hit all game. However, when the pitch was thrown, Dan hit a homerun! Dan was pleased to had won the game for his team.
Bianca decides she wants to have a snack. She gets a few peanuts from the cupboard. Bianca eats the peanuts. When she's done, she puts the rest back in the cupboard. She is glad she snacked.
THe kids were holding signs and chanting. They were protesting the firing of their principal. They got interviews on the local news and in the newspaper. The school board reversed their decision. The kids were happy to have their principal back!
Falling into the pit was the worst. John's character started to slip. His opponent just rammed into John. John's character fell straight into the pit. John slammed the game controller onto the ground.
There was water vapor in the air. They were like mini geysers. The boat had come close to them. The whales were about a mile off shore. This was on a whale watching boat.
My son has an active imagination. He told me there was a dragon in his room. I went to check for him. There was no dragon in there. I told him he was safe.
I went to drive my truck and noticed that my DMV tags were outdated. I looked to see if I'd received a notice from DMV, and I had. I went to the DMV site on the internet to see how much I owed them. I found that I owed them ninety-nine dollars. I mailed them ninety-nine dollars and in two weeks I had new tags.
Manny had spent the evening at a party. He was getting ready to leave to go home. He went looking for his coat. The coat had gone missing. Manny had to search for almost an hour to locate his coat.
Fletcher had been building his computer for nearly a year. The final piece had just been installed. He was sweating from the excitement. The machine powered up but there was no display on the monitor. Fletcher stared at his computer in stunned silence.
Billy and his sister opened a lemonade stand. They thought their lemonade was the best ever. People seemed to agree! Within an hour, they sold out of what they'd made. They were $5 richer than when they got up that morning!
Jason was doing some work for a man. He was painting a fence. The man told him he wanted the color blue. Jason decided to paint it red. The man was very mad and fired Jason.
The dog's nose prodded against her left thigh. She looked down and smiled. Then she felt concerned. The nose had been very warm and dry. She took the dog to the vet, where she got a clean bill of health.
Tammy had to get the box from the basement. She flipped the light on at the top of the stairs. It glowed dimly below as she headed down the stairs. She raced to the shelf, grabbed the box and ran to the stairs. She got to the top and slammed the door happy to be done.
Yolanda was annoyed by the constant buzzing sound she was hearing. She decided to find out what it was. She searched around her house for similar sounds. But she gave up when she couldn't find any. After going to the doctor later that day, she found out it's tinnitus!
Kate's mom dropped her off at Jen's house. Kate and Jen were having a sleeping over. They played Checkers where Jen won. They decided to watch movies and eat popcorn. During one of the movies both Jen and Kate fell asleep.
As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down. The driver behind me wasn't paying attention and hit me. Nick's soda splashed on the ceiling of the car. I was preoccupied yelling at the other driver. Eight Years later my car is in great condition except for a soda stain
Tammy enjoyed walking. There was a path near her house that she enjoyed. She began walking it one afternoon. It was a lovely day for a walk. Tammy walked very far that day, enjoying the evening.
My sister in law eats pizza from only one shop. We used to have pizza with her once every 2 weeks. We tried to convince her to try other shops. One day she actually let us buy pizza elsewhere. Predictably, she did not like it.
Ray was riding his bike to school. But someone pushed him off his bike and stole it. When Ray arrived at school, he saw the thief. Ray beat up the thief and tried to get his bike back. But he was suspended and never saw his bike again.
Steve is a retired physicist. He moved into the building recently. I talked to him over coffee in our club room. Steve said he was married for over fifty years to his late wife. I felt sad for him as he left the club room.
Reggie got a letter in the mail from his local court. He was disappointed to learn that he had been picked for jury duty. Reggie wore old, dirty, smelly clothes on the day of jury selection. No one could stand to be around Reggie. He was pleased when he was told he could go home.
Josephine went on a date to an Italian restaurant. She ordered a pasta dish. Josephine's lips started swelling up. Josephine realized there were nuts in the pasta sauce. Her date took her to the ER because of her allergic reaction.
Cathy decided she would cook Thanksgiving this year. Cathy loved to cook, but never cook for a large crowd. After Cathy place the turkey in the oven to bake, she took a nap. Cathy was awakened to a smoke filled kitchen, and screamed. Cathy had burned the Thanksgiving turkey!
Billy is bored. Billy sits with his friends thinking of something to do. Billy suggest they all head to the lake to go fishing. His friends agree that's a great idea. Billy takes his friends to go fishing and has great time.
Jerry loves to eat food from other nations. One day, one of his friends recommended sushi. Jerry found someone selling sushi on the street and ate it. He got very sick and had to be rushed to the hospital. The doctor warned Jerry to never eat sushi again.
Rick was always paranoid about the occurrence of natural disasters. When the earthquake struck his area, his house was without power. Rick grabbed his power generator and started it up. He enjoyed having power while his neighbors were left in the dark. After the power was restored, Rick's neighbors bought generators too.
Janet went to the coffee shop to order her morning coffee. She has her favorite way that she likes it made. She ordered her coffee and began her morning commute. She waited a few minutes to drink the coffee to let it cool. When Janet sipped the coffee it was too cold and she was disappointed.
Brooke needed a ride to the airport. All of her friends were too busy to take her. Brooke decided to call a taxi cab. When the taxi cab never showed, Brooke called a neighbor. Her neighbor was able to take her at the last minute.
Mel dreamed of being a concert pianist. She took lessons twice a week. She practiced with most of her spare time. She lost a finger in a woodworking incident. She began learning the theremin instead.
Ryan's parents had a new baby. The baby cried at all hours of the night. Ryan couldn't sleep with all the crying. He was tired all the time. Ryan started to despise the new baby.
I had my big basketball game on Friday against our rival school. I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win. The bus broke down on the way there. Luckily we were able to get it fixed in time for the game. We beat our rivals and won the game.
In my previous life I was a singer and composer. I know because I still like to write and sing songs. I look for music inspiration in nature. I've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about. They squawk about world peace and evolution.
Michael was only eight years old when he first went camping. Him and his father went miles out into the woods and set up camp. They had a fire when it was dark but later they had to put it out He was still scared of the dark and didn't want his dad to do it. Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company.
During the night time, I got a phone call. I decided to answer and say hello. The person on the other line was breathing on the phone. I felt nervous and asked who is on the phone. After several minutes, he hanged up.
Mike had the best bike in town. He loved it so much. His dad bought it for him when he was 15. One day while out with his friends he decided to go to a pizza place. He left his bike outside only to find it stolen.
Pam saved up her allowance for months. She had been saving for a new makeup kit. When she finally had enough, she ordered the kit. For days, she waited patiently for her package. When it arrived it was clearly damaged, causing Pam to cry loudly.
Harry was being sued for defamation. He was confident he would win so he didn't hire a lawyer. He lost the case. He was ordered to pay the plaintiff. Harry realized he should have hired a lawyer.
Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks. She brought it to school to show everyone. A classmate  offered to be her friend in exchange for the toy. She reluctantly agreed and gave it away. Helena wasn't very satisfied with the exchange.
Guillermo was a very poor, but kind man. One day his rich uncle died. He left  Guillermo with an inheritance. Guillermo donated all the inheritance. So Guillermo is poor but feels good about himself.
Ken wanted to be a rapper. He practiced often. He tried to join a local rap battle. He froze and was embarrassed. Ken gave up rapping that same day.
Felix wanted to get a cake for his friend, Alex's, birthday. But he didn't know what cake to get him. So he called his friend and asked his favorite kind of cake. Felix ended up getting a coconut cake. Alex thanked Felix for the wonderful birthday.
My husband got a new truck. He had his eyes on the truck for a while. He finally decided to go down and buy it. He worked out a good deal with the salesman. When he brought the truck home, he smiled like a kid on Christmas.
I am thinking about going back to get my degree. I am thirty Years old and I still don't know what I want to do. My friends suggest that I stick with my mediocre job. They said that I make decent money and have good benefits. They make a good point, I'll probably stay where I'm at.
Travis was driving along a road at night. He saw a woman in a white gown walking along the road. Travis stopped and offered her a ride. The woman got into the car without a word. Travis then informed her she couldn't smoke in the car.
Mikey was looking for a part-time job. Mikey searched online for places to work. He noticed a local gas station for hiring for the night shift. Mikey sent his resume on the company's website. Mikey rejoiced when he landed an interview.
Ashley was a really hard worker at her job. She usually got everything finished in record time. Once she was sick, but went to work anyway. She didn't work very hard that day. She got in trouble with her boss for not finishing her work.
Megan had been practicing for a long time. Today had finally arrived, her big recital. She was nervous, but excited. She began singing and it was lovely. As the crowd cheered Megan knew all the hard work had paid off.
We had neighbors from Buffalo in 1992. The wife was a vegan. We took them to a vegetarian restaurant in Boston's Chinatown. She enjoyed the food very much. She tried to go again with her family but they resisted.
Katie dropped her tray for all to see at her first day in college. She was humiliated and couldn't take her mind off of it. The next day, the same thing happened to a football player. He raised his arms in mock celebration, with all around him laughing. Katie then saw this as a new way of seeing it, and felt less worried.
Ariel likes to play baseball. She plays after school with her friends. Today, she fell and broke her arm. Her friends played without her. Ariel read books instead.
Sam wants to buy a new car. He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes. The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check. The dealer tells Sam that Sam's credit is very bad. Sam was forced to by a bicycle instead.
Gina aced her first exam in our Chemistry class. She couldn't stop bragging about how she's better than her classmates. Since I got mad, I decided to study hard everyday for the next exam. A month later, we took our second exam for the class. I got a perfect score and belittled Diana since she failed hers.
Sal was hungry for pizza. She decided to try to cook her own. She did a pretty good job. She thought it tasted great and looked decent, too. Sal decided she would never need to call a pizzeria again!
A couple was arguing in front of the coffee shop. They indirectly announced that they were breaking up. I tried to get in the coffee shop but they were blocking the door. The man looked at me my with an angry face. I decided to drive to another coffee shop.
The friends were frustrated. They had been waiting for their bus for four hours! FInally, they saw the bus driving towards them. When it got to them, the driver said they were full. The girls had to wait longer.
Sam and Joe were tossing a ball around in the back yard. Joe accidentally tossed the ball over the fence. The ball went into the neighbor's yard. Sam climbed over the fence to get the ball. Joe was more careful with the ball after that.
My shoes were on the porch from the night before. I grabbed them and brought them inside. I put my socks on. I put my left shoe on and felt a sharp bite on my toe. There was a spider in my shoe.
Jill hadn't seen her friends in a while. It was making her lonely. She asked some friends to meet for coffee. Several of them showed up. Jill had a lot of fun.
Pete had worked hard on his stamp collection. One day, his sister snuck into his room. She stuck the stamps all over his walls as if they were stickers! Livid, Pete ran screaming to tell his mother. Pete's mother made Amy replace the stamps with her allowance money.
Ryan was coughing and had a sore throat. He tried taking cough drops and throat medicine. Ryan went to the doctor. The doctor prescribed better medicine. Ryan took the medicine and felt better.
Donald just wanted some ice cream. Donald saw Mary crying in the park. Donald asked Mary what's wrong. Mary had two ice cream cone and no one to share with. Donald took an ice cream cone and Mary became happy!
Elle was a senior in her high school. She was debating what to major in for college. She wanted guaranteed job security. She decided to major in computer science. She secured a well paying career for life.
Robert's computer was acting strangely, which worried him. He called a repair shop, who quoted a high price just for a consult. He used a friend's computer to research the problem on the Internet. He was able to find a solution pretty easily and it worked perfectly. Robert was glad he hadn't spent his money unnecessarily.
Abby was on her way to her grandmother's house. As Abby arrived, Abby noticed a familiar smell. As Abby entered the house, Abby saw a blueberry pie on the table. Abby immediately begged her grandmother for a slice. Abby could not wait to taste her grandmother's blueberry pie.
The first day of school is always exciting for Troy. He loves showing off his new style each year. He treats the first day of school like a runway show. The second Troy walked into school, he got bombarded with compliments. Troy works his style all day.
I had to take a plane home for the holidays. When I got to the airport, there was a long line to check my bags. Then there was a long line to get through security. By the time I got through, I only had 10 minutes before my plane left. I had to run through the terminal to catch it.
Jill was trying to study for her algebra class. But she was very impatient. She tried to skip steps and take shortcuts. But she only became more frustrated when she got the wrong answers. Jill quickly declared she was bad at math and gave up.
Amber made breakfast for her kids. They both wanted something different. She decided to make what she wanted. Neither of them liked it. They went to school hungry.
Gina tried to access the internet. All of a sudden, she couldn't control the cursor. It began to move on its own. In addition, several applications opened up. The computer turned off afterwards.
When Johnny's car broke on the highway, he was stumped. It was raining very hard and he was far away from a gas station. He waved for someone to stop. A big truck stopped and took him along. When he came back it was dark, but the car got fixed and he left.
Teresa wanted to watch her favorite show on TV. Her brother wanted to watch his favorite show too. As they only had one TV, they had to decide who would get their wish. They flipped a coin and called their choice. When her brother won, Teresa left the room angry.
I was in college when i was been in loved. I'm always happy being with that guy. I thought he is the one for me. But happiness turned to loneliness. I realized love is different from attraction.
The opposing team ran towards the other side of the court. When they shot the ball, it bounced off of the backcourt. It flew towards one of my teammates. He shot the ball before any defenders came near. He scored a point.
My boss called me to the office. He asked if I can work during the night shift. Since I really needed the money, I said yes. The shift lasted a total of 6 hours. As soon as I got home, I fell on the couch and went to sleep.
Tim never cooked his own food and ate at the restaurant. When a blackout affected his whole city, he was panicked. He barely had anything to eat at home. His neighbor, who was friendly, invited him in. They had sandwiches with all the meat that was about to be spoiled.
Kate buckled her chair. She waited for the countdown to finish. Then she rocketed into the sky. As the stars came into view she stood in awe. She had finally become an astronaut.
Kev needed to load his desk into a moving truck. It was too big to fit through the room's door. It also needed a special tool to remove the screws. Kev became very angry when he couldn't find the tool. He took a chainsaw and cut the desk into little pieces in frustration.
Our manager Dave is very lazy. He got his job through politics and knows nothing about it. Most of the day he sits at his computer and plays solitaire. One day someone photographed him playing. She is keeping the photo in case she needs it.
Lucy was lost and couldn't find her way to her grandparents. She was retracing her steps trying to calm herself. It was dusk and it was getting dark quickly. She knew her grandparents would be worried. She was scared but still had hope she could get home before dark.
I was walking home. I had just lost my job. I felt depressed. All of the sudden it started to rain. The rain made me feel even more depressed.
Shia was gay. She was afraid to tell her parents. She worried that they would be angry, or hurt. But when she sat them down and had the talk, she was relieved. They said they loved her and only cared about her happiness!
The printer at Bob's office was broken. Bob tried everything to fix it, but nothing worked. Finally, Bob was fed up and he punched the printer. The printer immediately whirred back to life. Bob learned that sometimes the simplest solution is the best.
Fernando notices that many of his coworkers have fancy watches. He decides that he wants a new watch too. At first all the nice watches he sees are very expensive. Finally he finds a good looking watch at a reasonable price. Fernando is satisfied to have a nice watch like his coworkers do.
Jane was on a long hike. Before it was over she ran out of water. She thought she had packed more. She started to worry about. Luckily she made it back safe.
Jean decided to adopt a baby. First, she considered adopting a child from overseas. Eventually, she decided she wanted to help a child in America. Jean then applied to adopt the first available child. Jean was thrilled when she was approved six months later.
My son-in-law's sister amassed a huge college tuition debt. She owes $200,000. She always posts her woes on Facebook. Today I found out her mother is paying her debt. I refrained from calling this person a hypocrite.
Bill bought black fabric dye to dye his white shirts black. He read the instructions and prepared the dye bath. The surface the dye bath was on was very wobbly. Bill accidently knocked over the dye bath and dye got everywhere. Even the clothes he was wearing were now dyed black.
Beth is an old lady. She is living in an old people's place. She wants to get out for just one day. She escapes and gets away to an amusement park. Beth enjoyed her time out and felt young again.
Tom was really into celebrating Halloween. Tom decorated his porch very elaborately. Tom also played scary music once night fell on Halloween. Tom recorded himself scaring the neighborhood kids to death. Tom is now a famous You Tube celebrity due to those hilarious videos.
Fried was tired of being a youth minister. He packed up his family. He went to California. He was a pastor of a small church. He later moved back to Alabama.
Curt worked for Lu's grandfather in a deli in Selma, Indiana. Lu thought Kurt was dreamy. Curt asked Lu to be his steady girl. Grandfather thought Kurt was a bozo and fired him. Lu and Curt got married and moved to Selma, Alabama.
Allie was having a violin concert. She was excited to be on stage. Yet when she looked for her mother, she couldn't find her. Her mother was late. Thankfully she finally showed up though.
He picked up the drill. He held it against the item. He started drilling large, round holes. He held up the finished product. She approved of his work.
I used to have 3,000 books selling on Amazon. After my stroke in 2011 I could not keep the collection. I was down to 200 books. Today I went and closed listings for six more books. Soon I will be out of this business.
Christian bought an Android tablet when they first came out. He hated how slow they were and sold his tablet. Now all his friends have tablets and watch Netflix on them. He felt left out so he bought another tablet. He was amazed at how much the Android operating system has improved.
I went on a hike through the reeds behind my house. When I got back there was a tick on one of my legs. I almost fainted when I saw it. My mother removed it for me. From then on I wore heavy pants and bug spray when hiking.
Jack decided to take his dog for a walk. He changed his mind when he saw it was raining hard outside. His dog had already got excited and made him put on his shoes anyway. Jack went out grudgingly, but was soon romping through puddles. Dog and master returned home quite wet and muddy, but very happy.
The first page of the newspaper told of another store closing. Jan was sad to realize that it was one of her favorite book stores. She decided that she needed to visit it once more before it closed. She spent hours that day browsing the shelves. As she walked out that final time, she felt very sad.
My wife and I had dinner with former coworkers a month ago. We were a party of five. Shelly, a white woman, told us she would never date a black man. Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father's wishes. Nobody at the table was satisfied with Shelly's response.
My younger brother and I were golfing with plastic clubs. I didn't keep my grip on one. It flew and hit my brother. He went crying to his dad. His dad told be to be more careful.
Larry's drink was hot. He put a giant ice cube in it. The drink got very cold. The ice cube melted and watered down his drink. Now Larry was wishing his drink was hot again.
It was 90 degrees as Kay drove to work with her windows down. Her car had no air conditioning, and she was suffering in the heat. She could feel sweat rolling down her spine. It was no help when she fanned herself with an envelope. At work she had to wear a sweater to cover the sweat stains.
Ian loved baking. But he could only bake when it wasn't hot. So he planned on baking bread at 2 AM. But he struggled to stay up. Ian was angry when he realized he slept and missed his time window.
Tom lived up a mountain. It snowed a lot one day. Tom didn't have all wheel drive. He wasn't able to make it up the mountain. He had to leave his car and walk instead.
Last summer the Smith Family went on a trip to Disney World. It was a surprise for their little daughter. She loves all the Disney princesses. Meeting Cinderella totally made her day. And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her.
Grace and her dad were on a fishing trip. They had set out to catch some fish. After they found a spot they put in their lines. Grace had a bite and soon after a fish on the line. She reeled it in, what a whopper!
I went to my friend's house. She called the police. She told me I should have known not to contact her. I had known her three years before that. She did not want to make up.
Kelly just got a new fireplace. She was so happy to have it. Yet when she turned it on, it didn't work. Kelly was so upset. She had to get it replaced.
The man was riding his motorcycle to work everyday as normal. On a particularly narrow bend, he had to sneeze. While sneezing he closed his eyes. When his eyes opened a car had stopped in front of him. Reflexively, he avoided the car and made it work safely.
Jillian spoke to the doctor after not feeling well. The doctor told Jillian that she had cancer. Jillian had many forms of treatment, including chemotherapy. Jillian fought her cancer with doctors and medicine for months. Jillian died after seven months of battle with cancer.
Andrea loved the beach. She would jump over the waves as they crashed to the shore. Andrea tried to jump over a huge wave. She fell and splashed into the water. Her friends all laughed.
I was sitting on the bench last week. A woman was on the bench, waiting for her child. She became distraught when the bus did not come on time. She frantically called the school for an update. The bus arrived a half an hour late, and she was relieved.
Allie wanted to get her cartilage done. She was afraid it would hurt however. But she bit the bullet and got it done anyway. When the needle hit her ear she screamed. It was very painful.
Jeff invited his girlfriend for dinner. She was hesitant to go since she wasn't interested in crab soup. Jeff's mom took several hours to prepare it. She also handed a bowl filled with soup to Jeff's girlfriend. Surprisingly, she enjoyed eating the food.
I set out to write a novel. I typed away at a few hundred words a day. After a couple of months, a novel started to seem too big for me. I looked up what would be slightly smaller. I changed my goal to be writing a novella, and pressed on to the end.
Ray had a blue car with a sunroof. He loved the car more than anything else. One day a woman crashed into the back of his car. Ray felt in love with the woman that hit his car. He no longer has the blue car.
Last year I was feeling very depressed because I lost my job. The bills were piling up on the table in the hallway. It was close to my birthday, so my aunt took me to the casino. I put a $20 bill into a slot machine, holding my breath as I played. Imagine the joy I felt when I jackpotted, winning $1400 that night!
My wife's coworker came to a party last weekend. She brought her husband. The group sat and talked, her husband a way off. Her husband moved to be closer to her, and she was pleased. He said he moved as he could not hear the conversation.
Yesterday I ended up ripping my jeans. As a result I decided I needed a new pair. I went over to the mall to try on some. The first pair I tried fit perfectly. I was happy with the result.
Allen went to the beach on a hot July day. He forgot to put sunscreen on his back. Allen's back turned red because of a bad sunburn. Allen rubbed aloe vera gel on the burn. Allen's skin peeled off where it had burnt!
Linda was driving down the road. She heard her car start making a noise. Linda was so worried. She pulled into a gas station. Her fears were confirmed when her engine was smoking.
Joy and her friends were out on the boat. They had been boating all day long. They were so thirsty! They had forgotten to back anything to drink. They turned the boat around towards the shore.
Kate needed to find a gas station to fill up. She hadn't realized she was running low on gas. The map showed there was a station in 5 miles. That was close. She just prayed they had enough gas to make it.
Cara wanted to take dance. Her mom wasn't sure about it. Cara convinced her to let her try. Cara took a tap class and loved it. Her mom agreed to let her take dance for a year.
Paul maintained a small business's server room. He was puzzled why their machines would reboot every night. Finally he spent the night at work watching what happened. Paul saw the janitor come in and remove the power cables. He realized his mistake of not keeping the server room locked.
My friend and I were walking. It was a cold December night. My friend slipped on a patch of ice. He yelled a scream of pain. He had broken his ankle.
It was bath time so the kids had to clean up their toys. They screamed and cried because they didn't want to clean up. Mama and Papa offered them bubbles in the bath if they cleaned up. With sad faces, they slowly put each toy away. Bubbles made their faces happy and bath time was a success!
I started a new diet last week. I was not supposed to have dairy. But when I drank a hot chocolate I had to spit it out. I did not realize it had dairy in it. I realized going dairy free was going to be harder than I thought.
Ina found a golden ring in the hall at school. It was lovely and looked expensive. Ina wished she could keep it. But she knew she had to do the right thing. Ina took the ring right to the Lost And Found office.
My family was eating steak one day. I went to the grill and lit the fire. I went inside and got the marinating steaks. I went outside and put the steaks on the grill. I pulled the steaks off and served them.
Micah was working while his son ran around the house playing. He decided to go check on him. He noticed all of the toys were lined up and arranged in patterns He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart. He found him and praised him for his patterns.
Erin went to see the new Star Wars movie at the theater. During the movie, a small boy next to her talked the entire time. Erin was distracted, and could not enjoy the movie. She was upset that she wasted her time and money. She asked the theater manager for a refund, and was given one.
John hated the neighbors two doors down. Every year, they put up tasteless and gory Halloween decorations. But this year, they really topped anything from prior years. They had a very realistic stuffed man hanging from a noose in a tree. Unable to stand it, John cut it down in the middle of the night.
Tyron is headed home from basketball practice. He hears a noise coming from outside of his car. He decides to pull over and see what's going on. Tyron see's a metal spike in his tire. He calls his dad for help and waits.
Taylor had just bought a new house. One day, the power went out. Taylor quickly went to get candles. She had to drive to the store. After that, she had light in her new home.
Kyo was determined to run a four-minute mile. He raced his brother each morning. Slowly but surely, he grew faster and faster. Soon Kyo had not only met his goal, but passed it. He was running a mile in well under four minutes!
Alex has always wanted to visit Paris. He decides to learn French to make his visit more special. He enrolls in a French language course after work. Alex works very hard to master French. Finally he is ready for his big trip to Paris.
Last night the weather man said it would snow a lot. Going to bed I hoped that it would snow enough to cancel school. When I woke up this morning it had snowed about a foot. I turned on the news to check for school cancellations. I jumped for joy when they announced our school was closed.
Damion looked at Brii and pointed to the oven. The meal smelled good when he opened the oven. Pulling out three plates, Damion shared the food. Brii smiled when he handed her the plate. Damion set down the third plate for the cat and then ate his food.
Tony had been frightened of cats as a child. Despite this, he agreed to enter a tiger enclosure at the zoo. He got within a few feet of the large tiger! His heart was racing as he stretched out his hand towards it. Tony successfully stroked the tiger before screaming and running away.
Alex didn't like his history teacher. She had given him a bad grade on his last exam. Alex went to her house with a dozen eggs. The teacher walked out as Alex threw the eggs at her house. Alex was reported to the authorities.
Benny was a taxi driver in a big city. He knew the whole city by heart. One day a man asked him to go to the hospital. Benny got the man there safe and sound. The man tipped Benny well for his prompt service.
A young black lab would always follow Joan whenever she went jogging. If Joan tried to approach the dog, it would always run away. Joan felt sorry for the dog and began putting out food for it. The dog started trusting Joan and would stop running away. Finally Joan legally adopted the Dog and now they're friends for life.
Ali's mom enrolled her in a karate class. She was concerned about a bully at school who was picking on Ali. She was the oldest kid in the class. Her mother reminded her that although older, they were the same size. Ali was so embarrassed she didn't tell any of her friends.
Terrance was a man but was very feminine. He decided to go to beauty school as a way to express it. He wound up being top in his class that year. Terrance soon opened his own salon with help from friends. He is now a well known community member with a lot of respect.
Mark was the type of person who only played arcade games. He loved Pacman in particular, and sought after the highest score. Today, he was able to climb to the second highest spot on the list. He beamed at his success, but was not satisfied with being number 2. He continued playing until he was able to get to the highest record.
The boy had been scratching for days. His doctor said he had poison ivy. The boy was upset at hearing the news. He knew he would be miserable for many more days. What a horrible way to end the summer!
Ron wanted a car. He knew his mom and dad couldn't afford one, though. So he began working after school washing dishes. Soon Ron had saved enough to buy his own car. He loved it all the more because he had earned it!
My brother and I decided to have a doughnut eating contest. He chose chocolate and I picked glazed. We each started with a dozen. We were neck and neck through the first six doughnuts. My brother tapped out and I was the champion!
Jessie thought she was being very clever and witty. She was very vocal about not liking the candidate she opposed. Jessie posted that only a cup of warm vomit would endorse him. A forum member cut her deep with his retort about her candidate. He pointed out that not even a cup of vomit would vote her choice.
You would think that I would eat my breakfast at home. That is were normal people eat their food. Instead I took my pancakes in the car and was driving while eating. This was not a good idea. When the syrup fell off my pancake, I looked down and hit a car.
Ahmed and Holly were watching a scary movie. Suddenly the power went out and Holly screamed! Ahmed laughed at her while he went to check the fuse box. A bit later the lights came back and Ahmed came back, still laughing. Holly felt silly when she realized she had nothing to be scared of.
Tom and his girlfriend were arguing. She said he didn't know anything about her. Tom felt like he knew enough. She asked him basic questions about her favorite things. Tom got most of them wrong.
Jimmy was using the restroom in his house one afternoon. After finishing, he cleaned up and tried to flush the toilet. While flushing, he noticed that his toilet was clogged. To fix the problem, he got a plunger and unclogged the mess. After plunging for a minute, Jimmy flushed the toilet and cleaned up.
Katie has a test tomorrow. She has been studying all week. She was still nervous. When she got to class, her teacher postponed her test. Katie could not have been more relieved.
Chuck was not handsome or strong. He wondered what girl would ever like him. Then he got his first girlfriend. He asked her what she saw in him. She told Chuck that she loved how funny he was!
Jessica was on her way home from a family trip. They were getting ready to stop for dinner. Jessica's stomach was very upset. When they got to the restaurant, she decided to stay behind. Just when she decided to try to eat, she got sick all over the car.
Jess heard about a recent murder in town. She was paranoid and bought a gun. She learned how to use it that day and left it under her bed. Later that very night, she heard her front door open. She grabbed the gun and shot, unfortunately she shot her brother.
I decided to buy perfume for my girlfriend. However, her favorite perfume was way too expensive. I decided to make my own perfume to give to her. I mixed peaches, watermelon and cherries in a bowl. I finally realized that this would make a better fruit salad.
Kyle hurried home from work. His wife had told him she had important news. He feared something was wrong! But when he rushed in, his wife was smiling. She happily told him that she was pregnant!
Terry discussed a small business plan in front of her partners. Her wallet dropped on the ground. Her wig fell out when she tried to bend down. Everyone had a strange look on their face. However, Terry continued to talk without mentioning the wig.
I was gifted an entire collection of little ponies by my aunt. She gave me one in every color that existed. I kept them all on a shelf in my room. I pretended Barbie's horse was their mother. I sat in the floor with them and played for hours.
Beth and Laurie wanted to see their favorite band in another city. The concert was sold out and they had not gotten tickets. The were both off work with no plans so they decided to try going. They drove three hours to the city where the band was playing. A scalper sold them discounted tickets and they enjoyed the concert.
There was a very bad storm. Lara was getting nervous. She didn't want to lose power. God forbid. Yet unfortunately she did and did not get it back for hours.
Joe loved to play basketball. His old basketball was torn and old. He needed a new one. So Joe went to the store and bought one. Joe loved his new basketball.
Kelsey wanted to lose weight. She decided to only eat celery. The ate it for breakfast and lunch. By dinner time, she was starving and very grouchy. She gorged herself on pizza that evening and gained five pounds.
Suki was a sweet foreign exchange student from Japan. I met Suki one day while walking on campus. I instantly fell in love with Suki. I asked her to marry me and stay in America. Unbelievably, she said yes!
Garrett played youth soccer. He always played really well. His coach noticed that. His coach got him a trophy. Garrett cherished it.
Tina had an old car. It broke down constantly. Eventually her mechanic told her it was unable to be repaired. Tina decided to start walking to work. As a result, she lost almost 30 pounds.
Dan and his brother Don have always been competitive. Recently there was a marathon occurring in Boston. Dan and Don decided to see who could get the better time. However, during the marathon, Don fell and could not finish the race. Dan decided to help his brother instead of finishing the race.
Evie is a jewel thief. She only steals the finest jewels. A mobster asked Evie to steal a famous painting. The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money. Evie told the mobster no thank you, she only steals jewels.
Brian little sister was always playing pranks on him. She once tied his shoe strings together. Another time she pushed him to a pool. Brian made his sister promise to stop with her pranks. She agreed to stop if he let her see his baseball collection.
Dale is the school bully. All the kids know they better ask him before doing something. A new kid gets on the bus. He decides to try to sit in the back. Dale bosses him and lets him know he runs the bus.
The teacher gave the class a writing assignment. John felt lazy and barely wrote a couple of sentences. The teacher walked to his desk and took his paper. When she read it, she had a weird grin on her face. John felt embarrassed.
Will woke up in the middle of the night. Will couldn't believe the hunger pangs he was having. Will slinked down the stairs very quietly. Will made himself a midnight snack with salami and rye. Will went back to the most peaceful sleep of his life.
Carl decided to buy a large gold necklace. He thought that it would impress those around him. People found the necklace obnoxious, however. But Carl thought everyone was jealous. And he spent more and more money on flashy jewelry.
I donated to a charity for three years. One day, I decided to research them more in depth. I learned that 50 percent of all donations were paid to the CEO! I became furious and sent a letter of complaint to the CEO. He didn't reply so I decided to stop donating to the charity.
I saw an old neighbor in our lobby today. Siobhan used to live in our building. She is a nanny and brought her kids in today. I sat and talked to the kids. I told Siobhan she is going to be a great mom someday.
Lyn's backhand is awful. She decided to get help. So she hired a tennis pro. The tennis pro helped Lyn's backhand. Lyn now has a great backhand.
My husky sounds like a wolf when she howls. I sat beside her and howled like a dog. She got very excited and started howling too. We sang together for a long time. It felt like a bonding experience I'll never forget.
Ali was at the park with her mom. En old enemy Val arrived. Ali was unsure if she should speak or not. She was relieved when Val spoke to her first. Ali and Val had a great time talking and swinging on the swings.
Brian went for his first job interview yesterday. He said things went well and they offered him the job. They told him come to back this morning to fill out paperwork. Once he was finished they gave him his schedule for the week. Brian starts his first job tomorrow night at 5pm.
A group of friends set out to make a farm. It was hard at the start to get going and planting. They had animals to look after and spent many hours working hard. After many months and a lot of work, they established their farm. They lived there happily for the rest of their lives.
Tony was going to a friends house for a sleepover. When he got there they were all outside in a tent. He decided to surprise them and try to scare them. Putting on his big hoody, he ran directly at the tent. Colliding with the tent, he tripped and broke his leg.
Karen had decided to go on a diet. She cleared out all her sweets and filled the fridge with fruit. She kept a box of chocolates under her bed to nibble on at night. After a week, she came to the conclusion that diets weren't for her. Now Karen goes out and doesn't worry about what she orders.
Jane has a co-worker that does not pull her weight. She has told him many times to work harder. He has never done as she requested. Jane finally told her boss. Jane's boss fired him from his job.
Val had agreed to watch her friend's children. Her friend dropped the kids off at Val's house. The kids played board games and watched TV. Val gave them a snack. Val's friend returned to pick up her kids.
There was a terrible earthquake. Tina's store got affected. Everything was strewn about. She lost a lot of money. Thankfully her friends helped out.
John decided to try his hand at baking a cake. He found a recipe and gathered the ingredients. He carefully measured, mixed the batter, and poured it in a pan. When the cake was baking, it rose over the top of the pan. John realized he had used the wrong amount of baking powder.
Albert Bertal was daydreaming again. He often did so when he was on the construction sight. This time it was about his engagement to his sweetheart. He wondered what kind of dress she'd wear as he walked to the office. That's when he tripped on a piece of rebar and knocked himself out.
Fall is my favorite season. I love the weather here in New England in the Fall. There is always a nice cool breeze in the air. The trees always look so pretty. Best of all the fall flavors all come out.
Shana met a man and they dated for two Year's. After two Year's Shana started to wonder if she was going to marry him. He eventually told her he was with her for convenience only. She was crushed and she broke up with him. Shana never recovered from the relationship and remained single.
I met Greta last year on the bench in front of our building. She was 75, twice widowed. Greta talked a lot about her family. This year, Greta just says hi but does not sit and talk. She seems to be depressed.
Sam was a star football player in high school. Every year, he broke all kinds of records and won lots of awards. Sam dreamed of playing professional football. Sam hurt his knee very badly at practice and couldn't play anymore. He was asked to become a football coach and he took the job!
Daylight savings surprised me this year. I knew it was coming up. But forgot when. We were late to work and School that morning. Everyone seemed to understand.
The couple was exhausted. THeir mattress was so uncomfortable! They couldn't get a good night's sleep. They bought a new mattress and had it delivered. It was such an improvement!
Leah and her parents walked into one of the nicest French restaurants. The three of them grabbed a table and looked at the nice menu. To her shock, Leah's father ordered some snails for the table. When the snails arrived, Leah nearly got sick tasting them. The taste was too much for her to handle.
Sam took his pet bird out for a walk. She couldn't fly, but when the wind gusted, she was lifted in the air. The bird was swept up into the top of a tall tree. Devastated, Sam waited at the foot of the tree all day. As dusk fell, the bird grew scared and fluttered down to Sam's feet.
Paul's hands were always dry. But he didn't care about moisturizing them. One winter, his skin began to crack and bleed. And it took over a week to heal. Afterwards, Paul always kept his hands moisturized.
Henry is looking for love. He needs to find that special someone. He looks the bars and shopping malls. Henry finally finds an online dating service. Henry finds a cute date for the night out.
Mark spent the day at the arcade. He found a pinball machine that gave out a lot of tickets. Mark played the pinball machine for three hours that day. His thumbs hurt, but he won 5000 tickets. Mark redeemed his 5000 tickets for a huge stuffed dog for his sister.
Sandy was drinking a glass of wine. Her dog was running around at her feet. Sandy tripped over the dog. She spilled the wine all over the carpet. Sandy couldn't get the stain out of the carpet.
One day I was in the kitchen washing dishes. I looked out the window and saw a rat sitting on the wall, looking in. I ran to grab my phone to take a picture, but the battery was dead. I went back to the rat to see if it was still on the wall. As I got to the window the rat jumped down and ran off.
I was taking my dog for a walk. Suddenly the latch on the collar broke. My dog took off down the street. Fortunately a passerby got his attention. This allowed me to make a loop with the lease and catch my dog.
I was taking my first college class. I really wanted to do well. However, my friends wanted to party at night. I decided to have fun and party with them. Unfortunately, this led to me dropping out of school.
Joe had a rock collection. He wanted to add more. He and his friend Bob went to the quarry to look for more. They searched and searched for the perfect ones. Joe added four more beautiful rocks to his collection.
Franny had long hair. She was getting tired of styling long hair. Franny decided to get a haircut. She couldn't afford to go to the salon. Franny cut her own hair with the help of a youtube tutorial.
Jenny liked fresh fish. She decided to go fishing to catch her own. She brought her worms and pole and a chair. She sat there all day but didn't catch anything. She packed it up and went home disappointed.
Mike thought he was a better dancer then Jerome. He boasted how he could defeat Jerome in a battle dance. The friends of both Jerome and Mike set up a competition between them. Jerome turned out excelling at dance and bested Mike by 50 points. Jerome and Mike despite the differences agreed they were both great fr.
Damien was always mean to his employees. He yelled at them and liked to make them feel useless. One day, when he arrived at work, the office was empty. He looked around and only found a note. All his employees had quit and he was now alone.
I had a pet rabbit. He loved alfalfa. I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa. When it was ready, I brought him a bundle to eat. He ate every last bite.
Bernard had lost his wallet on the subway. He was very stressed, but he went to the lost and found anyway. He asked the desk attendant if a black wallet had been found that day. The attendant went in the back and came back with fifteen wallets. Bernard found his wallet with his identity cards and was relieved.
Tim moved into a trailer park. It was in the middle of tornado alley. A big one was about to hit. Tim left the area beforehand. His entire park was destroyed.
Drew went to the bar with friends. He got a bit too drunk. By the end of it his friends had to drive him home. The next day Drew realized he forgot his wallet at the bar. He called and had them hold it for him to pick up.
My daugher left all of her toys spread out in the back yard. I warned her that bad weather was coming. She did not listen to my warning. When the storm hit, it blew her toys all over the neighborhood. Now she is crying and roaming the neighborhood for them.
The couple ordered oysters at dinner. Neither had had them before. They thought they'd enjoy them, but they were actually disgusting. They sent them back to the kitchen and asked for chicken strips. Someday they hope to have mature palettes.
Jane lost her daughter, Alexis, five years ago. Jane has been looking for her ever since. The authorities have refused to help her. Jane will probably look for Alexis the rest of her life. But, little does she know that Alexis is a figment of her imagination.
Kurt loved waterslides. The tube slide was his favorite! He rode it dozens of times in one day. He would stand in line for a long time just to ride again. The slide was fast and fun!
The man was invited to a wedding. He did not respond. The bride's feelings were hurt. The groom called the man. The man confirmed that he would attend.
Beth was invited to her friend's house one night. When she showed up it was just her and her friend. Beth assumed there would be a party or something. Beth's friend asked Beth to be her maid of honor. Beth was very honored and very excited for her friend and said yes!
Amy had just gotten her first car. She decided to start driving to work instead of taking the bus. Amy worked downtown and she had to pay for parking. After a week a co-worker told her to print a validation slip instead. Her boss told her she should have been doing it the whole time.
Matt found a young dog on the side of the street one day. He ended up taking it home and raising it. The dog lived with him for over five years. Unfortunately one day the dog disappeared. Matt still has not found his dog.
One day Henry was walking towards his mailbox. He noticed a small young kitten in the grass. Henry picked up the cat and noticed it had no tag. He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat. Nobody recognized it, so he adopted it himself.
I had delayed my dinner until after I picked my mom up from work. Neither of us had eaten all day so we were trying to get some food! Neither of us could decide what we wanted so I searched for places. We decided on a bar that has pretty good food. The dinner was great and afterwards I finished driving her home!
Jack thought he was the fastest runner in his school. He bragged every day about how he could beat anyone in a race. One day, Stephanie challenged him to a race across the playground. They raced, and Stephanie easily won. Jack stopped bragging about how fast he was.
Tom was always forgetful. So he parents were nervous whenever he made food. Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room. His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster. Tom was never allowed to make food by himself again.
Tiffany hated having hair touching her face. She went to the store and looked at hair accessories. Tiffany found some cute headbands with bows on it. She purchased the bows and got lots of compliments. Now Tiffany wears headbands as a wardrobe staple.
I used to come to school early to run. We were not supposed to leave once we got there. But my friend left his homework at home. I gave him a ride. We told the coach he left something in my car.
Kara went flower picking. She always loved flower picking. She loved getting her hands on fresh flowers. She found the perfect one. She immediately put it in a vase.
Patrick was deeply interested in Irish history. In particular, Patrick thought the twentieth century was fascinating. The many revolutions and subsequent Troubles were exciting to him. When he got to the more graphic details, his interest began to wane. Patrick decided that recent Irish history was too violent for him.
Jerry made it to the final wrestling match against Drew. Drew was able to pin him down for a few seconds. Before the referee called him out, Jerry got out of the head lock. He delivered two body blows to Drew. Drew ended up unconscious.
Margot's mom decided the family should go to the beach. Margot loved the beach! The family packed up toys, foods and towels. They arrived at their favorite sandy beach. Margot grabbed her towel and ran towards the water.
William was a good basketball player. He got a lot of points by playing aggressively. His coach told him not to play like that. He kept playing like that regardless. And he got kicked off a game.
Tim was flying his kite at the park. He didn't realized his shoe was untied. Tim tripped over his lace and dropped the kite string. His kite flew higher and higher. Tim looked on sadly as his kite flew away.
Jason was determined to be a reporter. He earned an AA degree in journalism, but didn't find a job. He studied hard at a local university and earned a BA in journalism. Next he made a nice online portfolio and resume. After applying at a dozen newspapers, he was hired at The Register.
The class was having free drawing time. The teacher noticed one kid's drawing in particular. It was a horse with a man's torso, smiling at the sun. The teacher said, "That's a very nice centaur drawing." The child replied, "What's a centaur?"
Karl gathered his kids up for a surprise. He was taking them to the circus! He was excited to show them the elephants and the clowns. They all loved the show. They clapped and cheered when it was over.
The final curtain of the show came down and the audience went wild. Some people slowly began to stand up to give an standing ovation. Jeff refused to raise from his chair. Everyone but him stood up and Jeff felt self-conscious. He slid further into his chair to not be noticed.
Jay wanted a tattoo. His mom told him no. He tried convincing her in many ways. So Jay bought a temporary tattoo. His mom thought it was real and grounded him.
Jackson and his buddies were beyond relieved. They had been lost in the desert for several days. The oasis was a miracle to them. The wandered in very exhausted. They began drinking water and feeling grateful for being saved.
Joe was a troublesome kid. He was always getting into fights. His mom worried for his future, but his dad had an idea. He suggested that Joe try out for wrestling  to curb his anger. Joe agreed, and now he's on his way to bring a pro wrestler!
Tom had been dating Mary for a while. Tom's feelings had really developed over the previous months. Tom asked Mary to meet him at a special restaurant. It was the place where they had their first date. After dinner, Tom asked Mary to marry him!
When Charles went to work he had no idea he'd see his favorite rapper. But as he cleaned up his department, he ran into his idol. Charles heard his coworker holler out Ahmad! Charles looked and thought, can't be Ahmad the rapper? Then his co worker introduced Charles to his idol, Ahmad the rapper.
It was a typical day just like any other when it happened. The doorbell rang and Susan answered. No one was there, but looking down she saw a basket. In the basket was a small golden retriever puppy. She was flabbergasted but took the dog in.
Terry stopped at a four way intersection. Although she went first, another car started moving. The driver hit her car on the side. Her son got hit. However, the side air bags saved him.
Clare was sick of seeing the bigoted Facebook posts her family made. She had tried friendly corrections. They didn't agree with her stance. The posts continued to litter her Facebook wall. Finally, Clare decided to just ignore their inane posts.
In 1983 we drove to Cape Cod. We went to Hyannis and the beach for a few days. Then we decided to go to Provincetown. We drove to Provincetown and shopped. It was an ok vacation.
Olivia had her dream house, and in the yard she had some lemon trees. Inviting her friends over, she had made fresh lemonade. Everyone loved it however two of her friends snuck away for a bit. Olivia went around looking for them, and finally she did. Her two friends had snuck to the trees, and begun stealing lemons.
Fred took his son out. They went to the target practice. Fred wanted him to learn how to shoot the birds. Fred did very well. He was happy about that.
Last night, I watched Shrek with my girlfriend. She got afraid and wanted to turn off the movie. Later that night, I decided to scare her. I hid in her closet and when she came in, I jumped out and scared her. She was so afraid that she screamed and ran away.
I loved to eat meat. One day, I decided to become a vegan. It was hard to be vegan. Eventually, it got so hard that I couldn't stop thinking about meat. Finally, I decided to give in and go back to eating meat.
I went to the park to fly my kite. It was very windy at the park so i took out my kite. I ran with the kite behind me and it began to fly. The kite flew higher and higher until it was above the treetops. I was able to land the kite safely after flying it for an hour.
Bob grew up watching boxing on TV. He decided to join a gym to learn how to box. Bob practiced boxing for years. Bob starting winning tournaments for his boxing abilities. This summer, Bob is going to box in the Olympics.
Emmett was playing dodgeball in PE. He had been taunting a girl on the other team. When he wasn't looking, she threw the ball. It nailed him right in the face, startling him. She immediately apologized but she couldn't help but laugh a bit.
Candace and Jerry were in love. They had dated for three years. Jerry took Candace to dinner. He asked her to marry him. Candace said yes.
Stewart knew his bedtime was at nine. There was a show he wanted to watch at ten. He tried to stay up. His parents found out and he got in trouble. Now his bedtime is at eight.
The man got his shoes shined. He liked the way they looked. He walked around the town. His shoes got dirty again. He returned to get his shoes shined a second time that day.
John put his whites in the washing machine. When he came back to take them out they were pink. He accidentally had a red shirt in with the white laundry. Fortunately it was only underwear in the load. But he wore pink underpants for the next year!
I was out of state for about a week the other month. While I was gone I was missing my puppies a lot. I never really thought about if they missed me. When I got home they were very attached to me. It was very pleasant to know how much my puppies missed me.
Sweet tea is Joe's favorite drink. For some reason, he cannot make it right. His mom gave him her recipe. He tried to follow it. However, his did not taste good at all.
Tom was trying to download a game. It kept going really slow. Tom didn't know why. He checked his router and found the problem. After fixing it the download completely fast.
I was sleeping in my bed. I heard a noise. It was a rustling noise. I jumped only to find that it was a small lizard. I decided to let the poor lizard go outside.
Ana was driving to an out of state relative's home. She punched in the address to her GPS. She filled up the tank of her car with gas. Ana began her trip. She arrived at her relative's house hours later.
Jane and her husband never had any free time. They worked and raised three kids. One night the oldest kid offered to babysit. Jane and her husband were able to go out and have fun. They greatly enjoyed their night out.
Ron worked at a bar as a bartender. One of his patrons was getting very drunk. The man ordered another drink. Ron decided not to serve the man. Ron called a taxi for the drunk patron.
Nancy was walking across the office. Her leg tripped on a large cord. Not only a computer fell out but a few other electronics did. The boss came in to find out what the big noise came from. He began to get angry at Nancy.
Miguel was working hard in the kitchen. He had a special salsa recipe that he refused to share. He served it to his family at his party. They all begged for the recipe. Miguel was proud that they loved it so much.
Tom's house caught fire. He tried to get some things out. ONe was a box full of old pictures. Tom figured he could replace most everything else. Those pictures were personal treasures, though.
Jen loved going hunting with her dad. She felt they got to bond over it. Unfortunately it didn't always go right. One time she tripped and hurt her ankle. The whole trip had to be cancelled because of her.
Billy visited the new shopping mall in his town. He ran across several promotional sales. In addition, the store offered a 50% discount on the same day. Billy's purchase was reduced from $320 dollars to $143 dollars. He dedicated the rest of the money towards paying bills.
Sam was eager for his first day of middle school on Monday. He spent all of Sunday organizing his school supplies. He picked out an outfit the night before. On Monday morning, the school bus came to pick him up. Sam arrived at school and met many new classmates.
Matt had just finished his book and needed a new one. He got into his car to drive to the library. When Matt arrived, he went straight to the science fiction section. He looked through several titles and chose a new book. Matt checked out the book and drove home.
Tom was going to have some cereal. He poured it out but it sounded funny. Tom tasted a bit and realized it was stale. There was a hole in the bag he hadn't noticed. Tom threw it out and got a new box.
The man painted a mark on the fence. He shot his bow and arrow at the mark. The mark was hard to hit. He made the mark much bigger. He hit the mark with his bow and arrow.
I was taking pictures of my friend's wedding the other day. I took several dozen pictures. When I went to look at them later I couldn't see anything. I realized that I left the cap on the lens. That was a very embarrassing realization.
I don't like writing my short stories on my computer. I feel very distant from the typed words. Instead, I like to handwrite my work. I keep a journal and pencil with me at all times. But one time I lost the journal, and with it two weeks of work.
Dale was very competitive at tennis. He had an upcoming match against the county number 1. He trained day and night. When the day came, Dale performed very badly and lost. He had exhausted himself from too much training.
Gina rode the bus home from school. Her mother didn't like for her to walk alone. She was worried someone might abduct her. But all of Gina's friends walked home from school. Gina felt like a nerd everyday when she boarded the bus at 3 PM.
When I was 18, there was a rapist in our area. The man was disguising himself as an officer, driving an unmarked car. He pulled me over one night, and I was terrified. He asked for my ID, flustered when he saw my father asleep in the back. He quickly made an excuse, and left as I called the police.
Ken has worked at Taco bell for many years. Eventually he is promoted to store manager. After doing such great work as store manager he is promoted again. This time he is a supervisor over many stores. Ken is happy with his new job.
Sam ran down the sidelines reffing the soccer game. The ball was about to go out of bounds. Sam dove and caught the ball once it crossed the line. He stood up and handed the ball to the other team. The player thanked Sam for saving him some effort.
I went out for rock climbing one day. I showed up, but didn't know what I was doing. I tried really hard, but needed help. I finally figured it out, and then I climbed the wall quickly. I sat on top of the rock wall very proud.
Mandy was a local teacher. It was Halloween and she was ready for anything. She heard a noise and went to investigate. She was sad to see her house had been pelted by eggs. Luckily in class the next day the culprit, a student, apologized.
Jana hated mice with a passion. Their beady little eyes creeped her out. If she saw a mouse anywhere, she couldn't relax for the next hour. One day she came upon a rat that lived in the storage shed. After that, she wasn't that afraid of little mice any more.
Kenzie was trying to reach a book. She had to climb to the highest shelf on the book shelf. Suddenly, her weight caused the shelf to tip. It fell backwards and toppled Kenzie. Luckily, she didn't get hurt.
Josh had to work on Thanksgiving this year. However, nobody came that day. So, he made himself a dinner in the store. It was lonely, but at least he wasn't occupied working. Black Friday was a different story, though.
Marvin was excited to go to camp. It was no ordinary camp though. He was going to basketball camp for a week. He could barely sleep he was so excited. The next day his parents dropped him off for the week.
Lucas hated doing the dishes. Dirty dishes piled up on every surface. So Lucas's girlfriend bought him a dish washer. Lucas started using the dishwasher. Now the piles of dishes were a thing of history.
Fred was in a foreign country. He was using an Internet cafe to check his email. He had a hard time because the keyboard was different. Fred gave up and decided his email could wait. He was there to enjoy himself.
Gary stole Hannah's teddy bear. He told her that in order to get it back, he has to beat her in chess. Hannah decided to challenge him in chess. The game was close however, Hannah ended up winning. Gary was mad and decided to throw away the teddy bear.
Maria invited her friend Stacey over to play last Saturday. The two girls went for a walk down to the local park. At the park the girls played catch with the dog. While they were having fun, it started to rain. Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured.
Ian was going on his first vacation to a tropical island. The indigenous people there had a very rich culture and customs. Ian wanted to learn all about the people, so he bought a book. The book was about a different culture. Ian did a bunch of things in good faith that made the islanders angry.
Ted and Tina were twins and wanted matching Halloween costumes. But Ted wanted to be a dog and Tina wanted to be a monster! They argued and bickered and couldn't agree on anything. Then their mom offered a solution to please them both. On Halloween she made them homemade costumes - as werewolves!
Jon opened his bedroom door to find his wife crying. He tried to ask her why she was crying. She screamed at him to close the door and go away. He reluctantly obliged. It turns out that her mother had just died.
Amy's team lost their first game. It was quiet on the bus ride home. Amy didn't care anyway. All she could think about was the fact she didn't get to play. She closed her eyes, and fell asleep.
Tim never locked his bathroom window. He figured that no one would try to break his bathroom. After work the next day, he forgot his house keys. So he climbed into his house through his bathroom window. Tim was glad he kept the window unlocked.
Jared was bemoaning the fact that he hadn't gotten a birthday gift. His wife told him that their budget was too tight. Jared was still upset about his lack of a gift. His wife pointed out all the times he'd splurged on take-out. Jared realized that he was the reason he didn't receive a gift.
Dan was suspended but his parents worked. The principal decided to put him in in school suspension. He sat in a classroom with a teacher and worked on class work. Dan wasn't allowed recess, and ate lunch alone in the classroom. Afterwards he walked home alone in the rain.
It was a very special occasion. Leah and Tony had been married for 30 years! They opened a special bottle of champagne. They were excited to celebrate each other. They were more in love than they had ever been.
Maggie was trying to make it to work. She was close when suddenly traffic clogged up. At first she assumed it would pass quickly. Soon she realized she was in for the long haul. She ended up late to work by an entire hour.
I finished my a day at my first job. I had a lot of extra tip money and wanted to spend it. I drove to the gas station to buy something. I bought snacks and cigarettes. I went home and hung out with my friends.
I have been running every day this week. I ran four miles yesterday. I started noticing a pain on my ankle. I took off my shoe and there was a blister. No more running until it clears up.
I washed my clothes yesterday. I threw them in the wash. Then I realized I put my cell phone in as well. When I looked at it it was horrifying. I had to buy another one.
Lucas woke up early to go fishing with his father. He knocked on his father's door. His dad told him he was too sick to go. Lucas went by himself, and slipped in the river. When Lucas got home, he had a good scolding.
My dog Teddy is a Great Pyrenees. Teddy is brave, faithful and has a huge, commanding bark. For some reason, Teddy gets scared when the power goes out. Teddy gets very nervous and climbs into bed with me. There's not much sleeping with a 130lb dog on your head!
Sarah had a coupon for a new restaurant. She and a friend had lunch at the restaurant. She realized she had forgotten the coupon. Sarah really enjoyed the food. She decided to return with her mother and use the coupon later.
Tom noticed his vision was not perfect. He went to the eye doctor to have his eyes checked. The doctor offered him glasses and contacts. John did not like glasses. John purchased the contacts and was very happy with them.
Tom saw posters for a lost dog. One day he noticed it in his yard. He tried to call it over. Eventually he enticed it with some food. Tom called the owners to get it.
Joe met his friend Al at the bus stop. They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade. As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up. Al's mother was walking towards them. She had seen them through the window as she was passing by.
Tom entered his dog into a dog show. He made it to the finals with several other dogs. But his dog Fido had to go potty. And decided to do so right on the show floor. Tom nor Fido won anything that day.
Henry received an overdraft alert from his credit card company. There was a transaction for $400 dollars in his account. Henry called to report an unauthorized payment. The representative told him that it was for a speeding ticket. Henry couldn't do anything and he hung up the phone.
Two sisters decided to go roller skating. Anne was scared, Lizzie was not. When they started skating, Lizzie started doing tricks. Suddenly, Lizzie slipped and fell hard, injuring her back. Anne told her she should've learned from her and been careful!
Tom was poor growing up. He was able to put himself through college. He got a good job later and made good money. Tom never forgot being poor. He gave a lot more than anyone else to charity.
Jim wanted cereal for breakfast. He poured it out in a bowl. He added bananas and sugar. Jim then realized that he was out of milk. He wound up having to eat everything dry.
Fred was afraid to visit the dentist. He needed his teeth clean. Fred made several appointments that he cancelled at the last minute. While jogging, a beautiful woman spoke to him as he passed by. The next day while jogging, Fred smile with pearly white teeth.
Alicia, Chris, and Morgan were avid bike riders. One day Chris suggested doing a long ride across the country. Everybody was on board and they started planning. Three months later the group set off from New York. They rode their bikes all the way to California and back in a year!
Meredith was shopping online. She saw an ad for a big sale. She filled her cart, expecting that the sale would apply. Then, she realized that the sale was very restrictive. Most of her items didn't even count.
The bartender that works on Tuesdays is attractive. I asked his coworker yesterday if he is single. The coworker laughed and told me I wasn't his type. I was insulted. I later found out he was gay.
This past Sunday I was out for a drive. I noticed a car stuck in a snowbank. The driver was rocking the car back and forth, but was still stuck. I stopped to help push the car. Working together, the driver and I were able to free the car.
John was a football player. He need to improve his flexibility. So he decided to take ballet. His other teammates made fun of him. However, John became a much better football player.
I made more calls, but nobody answered. A friend of a friend tried to get out to pick me up. His truck got stuck in the snow. I was stranded for the night. I tried to run the heater as little as possible, but it was too cold.
Jared made up his mind to join the army. He went down to the recruiting station, but he couldn't sign up. The recruiter told Jared that his health was too poor. Although dejected, Jared kept his head high. He vowed to get in better shape and try again.
Cathy went to an open Mic night at a theater. She did her best to impress the audience. They laughed very hard at her jokes. Cathy was quite gratified. She decided to try her hand at being a stand-up comedian!
Tommy wanted a pet of his own very badly. His parents didn't think he was responsible enough. They thought they'd start with a low maintenance pet. That's how he got Sheldon, his pet turtle. His parents were impressed with how well he took care of him.
Marianne had to change the tire of her new car. As she didn't know what to do, she stood next to her car. An old man came by and asked her what was going on. She started crying explaining her problem. The old man helped her and Marianne thanked him.
They played volleyball every week. It was a very competitive league. But one time something went wrong. Mark went for a block and his finger got bent back. It split open the webbing on his finger.
Sue's parents saved up so she could go to a private college. The whole family was there to help Sue move into the dorm. Sue noticed the other students had nicer clothes and luggage. She quickly shoved her own luggage out of sight in the room. Sue watched from the window as her folks drove away.
It was thanksgiving day. Everyone finished eating and was very bored. I went to the garage to look for something to do. I found a football and aired it up, and called everyone outside. We all played touch football and had a great time.
The lead actor in our school play was afraid of rabbits. The play featured a rabbit. I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play. I assured the lead actor that he was friendly. My bunny bit the actors hand and he is now even more afraid of them.
Mike went with his family on a camping vacation. They planned it to be sunny all week, but it rained every day! They planned fishing, but the river was too rapid! They spent the whole time in the camper, telling stories. Mike still had a great time, and cherished the time with family.
Callie wanted to try the new froyo place. At first she was hesitant. But then she got a coupon. The coupon enticed her. When she came back, she wanted to go again.
Lisa found an adorable puppy alone in the park. She looked for his owner but to no avail. She brought him home and made him a bed. She quickly fell in love with the sweet dog. He stayed at her house from then on!
Kolton loves apples. One day, Kolton went to a local farmer's market. He excitedly picked out some apples to eat. Soon after, Kolton went home with his apples. He ate three apples for dinner that night.
Ben wanted to win the minor league baseball. He trained a lot and change his diet. As a result, his team won a lot of baseball games. They would go on to qualify for the championship. His team won it and Ben finally achieved his dream.
Rocky had lost his pet iguana. Rocky posted fliers for his lost pet iguana. Rocky went looking everywhere to find the lost pet. Rocky got a phone call from his neighbors who had seen the flier. They had found his pet iguana!
Amy is 20 and she likes to knit. She knows it is a weird hobby for somebody her age. She started going to knitting classes. The first class she realized all the other students were over 60. She was very bored and she never came back.
Carl was riding his dirt bike. He tried to make a jump. He crashed and hit the ground hard. Carl broke his leg in two places. He had to get medical help.
Tom invited friends over. They had a small party. One person got way too drunk. They were allowed to crash there over night. The next morning was awkward for everyone.
Ben was being fed by his mother. She was giving him carrots. Ben aggressively decided to chew the carrots. However, one of his teeth became loose. His mother had to push it out.
Tim had just landed a new job. He was excited and nervous about his first day. He arrived early and made a good impression. His co-workers and boss seemed to like him. It gave Tim great confidence.
Bob loved french cheese. Alas, he had to travel to India. French cheese was not common there. But, he discovered an Indian cheese called paneer. Bob loved it more than French cheese!
Tom was looking for his drink at the party. He noticed a cup with the same exact color as the one he lost. He immediately grabbed it and drinked it. Since the drink wasn't his, he spit all of the liquid out. In the end, he simply decided to purchase a new one.
The man ordered a beer. The waiter never brought it. The man asked why. The bartender had cut him off. The man left the bar.
His stomach wouldn't stop hurting. After leaving work early, Xavier went home and rested. His stomach continued to ache. He decided to go to the hospital. Xavier's appendix was removed the next day.
Angela wanted to work out. She decided to go to a gym, but did not want to go alone. She asked her friend Megan to join her at the gym. Megan met Angela at the gym. The girls worked out until they were tired.
The kid got a cool present from his dad. It was a new archery bow. His dad took him to practice shooting it. The kid got the bullseye twice. The dad told him he was very proud of him.
The huge black spider rested on top of a silver ring. Jenny had stolen it from her best friend Wendy. She had hidden it in a small cubbyhole. She stared at the spider, unblinking. At last, she decided she'd tell Wendy the truth.
Lisa was given her mother's wedding ring. She wore it every day. One day she lost it while at a party. She looked for it all day. She was very saddened when she couldn't find the ring.
It was starting to get cold outside. The Smith family was chopping firewood this Sunday afternoon. They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home. They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace. The Smith family was able to stay warm throughout the entire winter.
Sally was baking an apple pie. When she took it out of the oven, she put it in the window to cool. She then went to the living room to relax. When she went back in the kitchen, the pie was gone. The wind had knocked it over and the pie was ruined.
I wanted to learn how to play the guitar. It was difficult to learn the finger positions at first. After a while, I finally learned how to position my fingers. Now I can play any song with enough practice. I want to learn how to play the piano next.
Bobby couldn't remember how he acquired so many pillows. He had almost ten pillows in his one-bedroom apartment. He tried to think back, but could only remember buying three or four. He called his parents, who lived nearby. They told him that they'd been quietly bringing him things for Years.
They heard the weather forecast about the storm and were nervous. everyone went down to the storm shelter. They made sure to bring a flashlight and a radio. The storm came and it was violent. Everyone emerged from the shelter ok after the storm had passed.
Every muscle in Henry's body was in pain. Stuffing yourself into a tiny clown size car required flexibility. Flexibility meant a lot of stretching exercises. Henry endured the rest of the week's training. On Saturday, Henry managed to twist himself into the car.
Carol went as usual to practice at the indoor gymnasium. She saw a new girl practicing under the guidance of her trainer. She felt irritated, because she wasn't informed about her. The trainer came to her and introduced her to the girl. She couldn't believe that the girl was her childhood friend.
Kiarash wanted to save money on his electric bills. He bought and installed surge protectors in every outlet. At night he switched off power to every power strip. He did this for a trial month. It saved him a good chunk of money and he was pleased with the plan.
My computer was becoming slow. I realized it was time for a new computer. I decided to buy a Macbook Air. I waited until Black Friday to buy it. I got a forty percent discount on the Macbook Air!
Allie had a debate for history class. She had prepared for many hours for it. But all of the sudden her mind went blank. She couldn't focus. She didn't know what to say.
Shannon wanted to help kids get to college. She knew about the application process. She needed to find a job she could use this information for. Shannon applied to a college. She got the job and was very happy.
Tia was white and her best friend was black. She invited her friend Cammie over to meet her family. She was nervous about how her family would react to Cammie. But everyone was polite and very welcoming to her! Cammie and Tia both had a wonderful time!
Gina had an hour to work in the library at school. And now it was time to return to her classroom. Gina stopped packing and thought about her options. She was hesitant to return to the tension of her classroom. Gina decided she would simply stay where she was.
The boss told Diana to take a seat. He began to ask some background questions about her. He also asked how the job can benefit with someone like her. In the most straightforward tone, Diana replied with confidence. At the end of the day, the boss gave her the job.
Farrah ran towards the playground when her class had recess. The first thing she did was use the slides. However, Benny tried to mess around with her. He pushed her on the ground. Since her hair fell on the sand, her parents had to cut most of it off.
I write stories for money. I am proud to be a writer. I realize my writing may never be famous. That will not stop me from writing. I think I will write a lot today and be happy.
Kate watched the lotto drawing and checked her ticket. She was shocked to find that she had won! She rushed to the lottery office to claim her winnings. But there, she learned that she had heard the number wrong. Kate had not won the jackpot after all.
Greg was gifted. He used his talent for good. That inspired his peers. His peers achieved greatness. They credited Greg with their success.
Amber had a pet lamb named Molly She lived outside on her barn She was a very nice friendly lamb Amber liked to take her on walks around their large property Amber and Molly had a great animal/human bond
I thought I could be a good professional baseball player. I got an invitation to a New York Mets open tryout. I attended the tryout at Brooklyn Polytechnic High School. Mets' scouts observed me running, fielding and hitting. I thought I performed well, but the Mets did not sign me.
JJ got in the car when Daddy said it was time to go. Daddy drove to a big building, and took JJ to a room where Mommy was. In Mommy's arms, there was a tiny baby, and JJ was very confused. "Come here," Mommy said, and JJ climbed onto the bed. "This is your sister, her name is Ana," Mommy said, and JJ was happy.
Linda was sketching in public. Some people stopped to watch her. And eventually, there was a decent sized crowd. Linda felt happy that so many people were watching her. But she felt devastated when she overheard comments about her sketch.
Tom was at a house party. He kept drinking all night. Eventually he was too drunk to drive home. He had the spend the night there. The next day he apologized and went home.
Jill was sorting through her pantry when she found old bread. She checked for mold and then opened the bag. The bread was a bit too hard to eat. Instead she was going to make croutons. She chopped cooked and ate the croutons very quickly.
Tonya just wanted to spend a night out with her two best friends. Instead, she spent the night alone in bed with the Flu. The next day her two best friends arrived with gift cards and soup. Tonya suggested they order some movies. They stayed over and watched movies all day with Tonya.
Sammy is a fluffy brown cat. Sammy lives in an apartment with his two owners. He likes to lay on the wood floors when his owners are away. He stays warm by laying next to the windows. The windows let in sunlight and warm Sammy's body.
My favorite sport is basketball and I love the Bulls. I watch every game and I was hoping that they would be good. Just last week the Bulls traded their best player to another team. What's worse is that they didn't get anyone good in return. I'll probably stop watching basketball all together now.
Andy was taking a bus to work. An elderly woman got on the bus. There was no place for the woman to sit. Andy offered his seat to the woman. The woman graciously sat in Andy's spot.
Patrick's mother died from Cancer. She left him $30,000. He had to fight with the insurance companies to receive the money. After months of paperwork and hassles they agreed to send the checks. Weeks later he received a letter saying Child Support had taken it.
We had dinner delivered tonight. We ordered from a local Italian restaurant. Their food is great but delivery is slow. A order takes an hour to get here. We decided to wait, and still enjoyed the meal.
Kenny's daughter wanted a treehouse really badly. Kenny decided to build her one for her birthday. At first he was planning on buying a frame. Then he realized that it could be done well without one. In no time he had built his own house from scratch.
Ryan worked in a factory operating machinery. He was recently moved to a new machine that used a harsh chemical. His boss told him to wear safety gear or he would break out. Ryan felt silly in the equipment so he didn't listen. The next morning Ryan woke up to a itchy red rash all over him.
Danny wanted to give his daughter a sweet gift. DJ was turning 18 years old and ready to drive. Danny decided it was time for a new car. Danny went down to the dealership and bought a new car. He surprised DJ on her 18th birthday with a new car.
Wendy didn't want to go to the cocktail party. She was tired and just wanted to stay home. But she knew her friend would be offended if she didn't show. At the party, she met a handsome man and hit if off with him. He asked her on a date, and she was happy she had decided to go.
Sally and Tom couldn't come to an agreement. Tom wanted to go to a car show. Sally wanted to go to the museum. Sally and Tom argued over what they should do. Sally won, because women always do.
Adrian recruits aspiring actors and actresses for an agency. When he met Donna, he thought that she was a too energetic. He told her to tone it down a notch and gave her his card. She called and he scheduled an appointment for with his boss Mary. Donna came in and acted professionally which helped her get hired.
Phil was driving down the highway. He was hearing a weird noise from his engine. It was a ticking noise. Phil's car started to smoke. He pulled over to the side of the road and waited for help.
Ali was at the museum with her class. The bully Val was also there. Just knowing Val was there was ruining Ali's trip. Ali's friend June suggest Ali ignore her and enjoy herself. Ali tried but where she went, there Val was.
Rina grew up with a friend named Duvonna. Rina loved her friend and they were close. She started to realize they weren't good friends. They started to grow apart. Rina was okay with that.
Kate loved to buy shoes. She had over 100 pairs. One day she decided to give some away. She was glad she was able to help other people. She decided to keep on helping others.
In preparation for an upcoming bike race Ryan road his bike nightly. It was summer in a hot climate, so night rides were ideal. While peddling over a bridge a car veered toward him. Drenched in sweat and tired, he peddled furiously to avoid the car. Ryan dodged, stopped, and yelled an expletive at the car as it passed.
Lisa had been watching her diet for a few weeks. She waited to get on the scale hoping for a big number loss. Her little brother stood behind her as she stepped on the scale. Somehow she had gained 6 pounds! Then she realized her brother had his foot on the edge of the scale.
Jana was walking to the store. She tripped in the parking lot. When she fell, she ripped her jeans. Jana hurried and bought her items. She rushed home to change her jeans.
The smith family had a very round pug named Doggo. Doggo was a sausage of a dog. So one day he got stuck in a pipe, and started squawking. The Smiths heard Doggo under their house and got him out. Doggo was so excited to be released that he ran into a wall and slept.
Marissa had just gotten her first high school job. Today she was picking up her first paycheck. As soon as she got it she was amazed by the money she had. She immediately went out and spent half of it on clothes. Then she realized she needed to be careful and vowed to save the rest.
Sam was trying to sleep. He turned his fan on but it was too loud. It was too hot without it. Sam decided to fix it. After doing so the fan was much quieter.
I went to buy some almonds yesterday. I bought a large box. I tried some. They were so good. I wanted to have some more.
Raven was a nurse. She lost her job for some undisclosed reason. She has been trying to make money again. She can't find a job. She decides to use mturks.
Eli was part of a misfit group of kids with no place to go. They'd been kicked out of the library and arcade alike. Eli finally found a perfect place for them to hang out. It was an old swimming pool on the edge of town. Eli and the other kids made it into their own private skatepark.
Rex and Becka went on a double date with Rex's boss. They had had never met Rex's wife though. The first thirty minutes was spent listening to Rex's wife gripe. Becka had enough so she faked sick to leave early. Rex and Becka decided no more double dates with a stranger.
My mom called me. She asked if I wanted anything for lunch. I told her to get a meatball sub. She ordered it but came home an hour later. When I saw the sub, I noticed that the bread was soggy.
Tim was upset with his parents. He wanted to run away from home. He packed up some stuff and tried to sneak out. His parents caught him. Tim got into even more trouble.
Jamie and Candice were going on a date. They could not decide what to do. Jamie did not want to go to a movie. Candice did not want to go for coffee. Finally, they settled on ice cream!
A baby bird was in a small nest. It had just grown new feathers to fly. The mother bird nuzzled the little bird with its wings. It wanted the baby bird to learn how to fly. With a push of wings, the baby bird flew high in the sky.
Rob drove to a grocery store. And he parked next to an expensive custom car. When the driver got out, Rob tried to compliment him. But the driver was mean and made fun of Rob's cheap car. Rob decided to drive to another grocery store.
Lola didn't like meat. But when she was invited to her new boyfriend's house, she ate some. She regretted it afterward. Her belly was acting weird and she felt nauseous. She promised herself she would never accept meat again no matter what.
Our new administrative assistant was a large woman. She weighed over 300 pounds. Her first day, she went to the restroom. She came back and said the bowl cracked when she sat on it. We were supportive and did not laugh at her.
Bill never liked sour cream as a kid. As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream. Bill developed an intolerance with lactose with age. He began to take over the counter medicine when he ate dairy. Bill now takes medication just so he can eat sour cream.
Jim worked at an office building. He woke up every morning and got ready. After that, he drove to the office. Next, he parked his car. Lastly, he walked over to his desk.
Ian badly had to go to the bathroom. But there was another man waiting in line. So he decided to quickly use the women's bathroom. But after he finished, he saw two women waiting outside. Ian quickly walked away in embarrassment.
Anna's horse threw her when he got spooked. Anna landed hard, on her shoulder and arm. She cracked her wrist. Thankfully, though, no other damage was done. Anna healed in just six weeks.
Frank just bought a new car. He spent a lot of money on it when he probably shouldn't have. A few months later he had trouble paying his rent. He had to make a decisions between the car or a place to live. He was forced to sell the car and continue paying his rent.
After her divorce, Jane's son loved spending weekends with his dad. Often, the dad was late or absent because of his broken down car. When this happened, Jane's son was inconsolable. When Jane got a raise at work, she went to a car lot. She picked out the most dependable car to give to her ex.
Darla is an accountant. However, she always wanted to be an author. In her free time, she's been working on a series. She's getting published this fall. Darla secretly hopes that she can make enough money to quit.
Brad looked at the clock. The time wasn't right. He looked at his watch. The batteries on the clock were dead. Brad changed the batteries on the clock.
I love attending weddings. It was my auntie's wedding when i was invited to become bride's maid. I am so excited to try my gown but when i wear it it was tight. So lucky one bridesmaid is not attending and her gown fits with me. So i ended up wearing that beautiful gown stunning as always.
Tom had a birthday coming up. His friend told him about his girlfriend's idea of a surprise party. Tom was expecting it for weeks. When he went to get dinner with his girlfriend he was sure of it. He got back home to an empty house full of disappointment.
Lilly had been struggling with anxiety ever since we was 3 Year's old. When her mom signed her up for ballet it didn't work out so well. But one year later she tried again. Now it is time for her first performance. The applause at the end of the dance made Lily feel so happy.
John found out his attractive neighbor was coming over. He realized he had a hole in his tee shirt. John ran to his closet, looking for a clean shirt. The doorbell rang while he was looking. He had to answer the door in his torn up shirt!
I had a dental cleaning this week. The hygienist recommended Prevident. It is a prescription strength toothpaste with fluoride. I paid $15 for a bottle. I hope it helps my teeth.
I was sitting on the bench yesterday. A new neighbor asked me about my 99 year old friend Jack. Jack had self-published a book of poems. I told the neighbor I found Jack's poetry to be amateurish. He must have thought I was a bitter old man.
Neff got a paper in the mail. She had been summoned for jury duty! She went downtown and sat in on her assigned trial. She learned the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant. Neff enjoyed being part of the judicial process very much.
Michael got roller skates for Christmas, and wanted to try them out. Two of his friends walked with him as Michael skated to the park. There was one steep hill, and Michael needed help to get down safely. Each friend held one of Michael's arms, so he wouldn't fly downhill. But each thought of the same joke at the same time, and both let go.
Brad had just recently got a new kitty. His cat was just beginning to develop into an adult. When brad came home from work he screamed when he walked in his house. His cat had brought in a dead bird. Brad cleaned up the bloody mess.
Bud hated his little brother Perry. But then Perry was diagnosed with cancer. Bud became very protective of Perry. Throughout the illness, the two boys stayed close. Even when Perry recovered, he and Bud remained best friends.
Tony wanted to learn to speak English. He took classes at a local college. He eventually learned to speak the language. He can now talk to his neighbors. He loves the new friends.
Ella planned a party for her birthday. It was outside at the park, but there was a covered picnic shelter. Sadly, it rained on party day! Ella and her friends still managed to have fun. They just had to eat and chat under the shelter!
Teddy was happy to be going with his family on a trip. He had never been on a train before. They boarded and found their seats. Teddy looked out the window with glee. He was having such a great time.
I worked in a wallpaper warehouse from 1975 to 1982. All of the office workers were from South Boston. We had a culture clash when a hippie was hired. She did not shave her legs, but she was competent. She worked for six months, then moved on.
Eric wanted to go play outside with his friends. His mom told him he needed to do his homework first. Eric did his homework as fast as he could. He made a couple mistakes. His mom still let him go play outside.
John was an elementary school student. John was enrolled in a music class. The teacher required every student to purchase a recorder instrument. John loved playing the recorder. John went on to become a famous musician.
Josh was driving his car to work. He was pulled over by a police officer. The police officer told Josh that having tinted windows was illegal. The police officer let Josh off with just a warning. Josh was 10 minutes late to work.
I drew a picture of a volcano. My friend wanted me to enter it in a contest. I didn't think the picture was that good. I entered it anyway. I ended up winning first place in the contest.
Bob and Bill were snowball fighting. Bob kept throwing snowballs too hard. One of the snowballs hit Bill right in the face. The snowball had made his nose bleed. The boys ran inside to clean him up.
When I was in high school I was always busy. I had to go to football practice. Then, go to band class. Finally, I go home to finish my homework. I find time doing all these things because I know how to multitask.
Brad was nervous about the test. He hadn't studied a lot. He went to class. Brad took the test. He got a B on the test.
Roman Reigns waited in the ring for Brock Lesnar. Brock Lesnar music came on and the people cheered. Lesner began suplexing Reigns over and over again. Finally Lesnar pinned Roman Reigns for the three count. The crowd cheered Brock Lesnar and everyone was happy.
Brandon's girlfriend was more generous when they broke up. Brandon and Tina lived together and they wanted to separate. But Brandon didn't have anyplace to move into. Tina bought another house and now Brandon pays her rent. Now she is his landlord and even accepts late rent payments.
Ana got her first paycheck. She was so proud she showed it to everyone she knew. Ana went to the bank to open an account. She then paid all her bills. Ana only had a dollar left in her account when she was done.
Jane couldn't understand why she was in time out. She looked around her room where all the toys were still on the floor. Her mom wanted her to pick them up before dinner. Jane though had just played with the toys. Jane decided to pick up her toys and then apologized to her mom.
I bought a little stuffed giraffe. He was adorable, and I admired him in the checkout lane. I took him home to show my little girl. She fell in love with him on first sight. She told me she was naming him Joffrey.
Bill made a tuna sandwich. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. He laid his sandwich on the table. When he came back, he found his cat on the table. His sandwich was gone.
Lucy was playing hopscotch on the sidewalk. Miranda saw. She wanted to join. The two played til sundown. They both had so much fun.
I moved to a new city this week. I didn't have anyone to talk to. Even my old friends were too busy to call. I was beginning to think I wouldn't talk with anyone. However, my neighbor knocked on my door with a gift basket.
Manny wanted to get his girlfriend a gift for their first Christmas. He didn't have much money and needed a cheap option. For a long time nothing affordable seemed right. Then he saw a cool piece of jewelry on sale at a pawn shop. He could afford it so he got it, and she loved it when she opened it.
Alice was really popular. But she didn't have any job skills. So she decided to make a Youtube channel. And she gained thousands of subscribers within a month. After a year, she was earning a great income from her popular channel.
Robin could not sleep. She had been up for two hours just staring at the walls. She tried everything. She counted sheep and read a book. She finally went to the doctor and was diagnosed with insomnia.
Jimmy was a very sick boy. Jimmy knew he was dying. Jimmy had one final wish. Jimmy wished that his parents would stay together forever. Jimmy's wish came true as his parents stayed together forever.
Every summer my family and I vacation in cape cod. This summer was no exception. My family and I stayed at our house. However a bad storm damaged the house. We cannot go back next year.
Leah was making a glass of lemonade. She had squeezed the fruit and just needed her sugar. As she scooped some sugar up in a spoon, she noticed a black dot. Upon further inspection she found dozens of ants in her sugar. She had to throw out and replace the tainted food.
Martha sat quietly on the subway as she waited for her stop. An elderly woman boarded the train and held onto the subway rail. Martha felt bad. She stood up and offered her seat to the elderly woman. The woman thanked Martha enthusiastically.
Maurice had the very bad habit of always telling the truth. It was extremely inconvenient as he couldn't keep any secrets. People never told him anything for that reason. Maurice felt rejected but he stuck by his principles. He decided to change community and be with more like-minded people.
There was once a boy named Tim who loved toy cars. One day Tim went to the store with his mom and lost his favorite car. When Tim and his mom got home, they could not find the car anywhere! The next day Tim's mom went to the store without Tim to buy a new car Tim was so happy and thanked his mom for the new toy.
Jeremy thought he was the fastest runner. He challenged Ben to a race. Ben and Jeremy ran 200 yards. Ben got ahead of Jeremy. Ben came in first place.
The man peeked around a corner. A bullet flew by his head. He ducked back behind the corner. He radioed for help. Another soldier flanked his position.
Drake had a date with a very beautiful lady. He wanted to make a good impression. Taking his date to his favorite restaurant was a good plan. They walked in and got a table immediately. Unfortunately, Drake's date had a terrible time.
Tom wanted to do something exciting. He sat down to think of different ideas. His ideas were not too exciting. Finally, he thought of something good. He went skydiving.
Lisa ran her very first caucus. She was nervous and didn't really know what to expect. Thousands of people showed up and mass chaos ensued. Lisa took deep breaths and kept her calm. The caucus ended peacefully and without incident.
Sam's parents weren't good with technology. He got them a smart phone for their anniversary. It took him hours to help them figure out how to use it. They still mess things up and call him for help. Sam kindly helps them through their problems.
I felt bored while walking. I found my iPod in my wallet. I put my earphones into my ears. I found a song on my menu screen. I began to listen to music while I walked.
Tim's electric bill was late. He cashed his paycheck as soon as it arrived. Then he went to the store for a money order. He filled it out and mailed it to the electric company. Tim was relieved that he had finally paid his bill.
Frank was gifted a puzzle for Christmas. After a long week of work, he decided to solve it over the weekend. The puzzle was actually pretty difficult. But Frank nearly finished the puzzle in a few hours. Turns out the puzzle was missing a piece!
Anna wanted fruit. But she had none in her house! She went out to the backyard. There, she pulled a few bananas off the tree. Then she went in and ate her fruit.
Jon was terrified of flying. One day his brother in Europe called him. Jon's brother told Jon there was an emergency and he needs help. Jon began to sweat profusely at the thought of flying. He got over his fear and took the flight.
Joe was installing ceramic tiles in a house. He forgot his grout. He had to drive to the store to get it. On the way his tire went flat. And the project went over time.
Kia's dad took her ice fishing. She thought it would be fun. But she had not planned on how very cold it would be! Kia's fingers and face quickly grew numb. She asked her dad if they could just go home.
Scott was playing in his backyard when he heard a hiss. As he looked down he saw there was a snake right by him. He remembered something he read about snakes and stood perfectly still. Finally after an hour of waiting quietly the snake slithered away. Scott was lucky it didn't bite him.
Alice babysat a little Mary. They were playing with cubes. Suddenly, little Mary threw up. Alice did not know what to do. She called Mary's parents.
Eric wanted to paint his bedroom walls brown, but his mom said no. Eric decided to paint the walls brown anyway. When he was finished, he realized that brown walls were really ugly. Eric wished he had listened to his mom. She was always right!
Phil was a great salesman. He sold over his quota every week. His managers were impressed by his numbers. They made him Employee of the Year! This made Phill happy to continue working hard.
Horace realizes that his closet has become cluttered with stuff. He decides he needs to thoroughly clean it one night. Horace cleans out all the old junk and papers from his closet. When cleaning the papers, he comes across an old photo that he loved. Horace is happy that he cleaned out his closet.
I was shaving the other day. While I was shaving I cut myself pretty bad. I had to go look for a band aid. I couldn't find one so I had to ask my neighbor for one. Thankfully, my neighbor had a bandaid for me.
Britney was living in Orlando, but wanted a change. She decided to move to LA, and open her shop. She opened her shop, and had 300 customers the first day. Her shop was so successful, she opened three more shops in New York. Today, she has 50 locations nationwide.
Marcus thought his high school team couldn't win the championship. Surprisingly, the basketball team made it to the big game. Marcus was the starting forward and carried the team. The score, in the fourth quarter, was 72 to 74. Marcus passed to his guard who nailed a three-pointer for the win!
Sandy was hanging out with her friends. They were planning on going swimming but it was a bit chilly. Sandy offered to jump in first and tell them if it was cold. She jumped in and immediately felt how chilly the water was. Luckily, her body quickly warmed up and then it wasn't too bad.
Randy's grandfather had passed away. At the funeral, everyone shared their favorite memories. All the guests had kind and generous things to say. Randy had plenty of fond memories of his grandfather too. He told himself he wanted to be just like him.
A girl found a message on the beach. But it was in a bottle. She smashed the bottle on a beach rock. It was rolled up and looked aged. The message asked why the girl broke the bottle.
People are saying Anna is too conceited. The other day she picked up her niece from elementary school. A guy flirted with her and she waved him off saying, do you know me? He looked her up online and found out she was a romance novel writer. But she was a self-published author who acted like a big-time writer.
My uncle showed up ringin my doorbell. I opened the door groggily. He handed me a large bag. It was filled with fresh ground deer meat. I put it in the freezer and thanked him.
Marty is playing in his yard with his kids. They're throwing a football back and forth. Suddenly it begins to rain very heavily. The children love to play in the rain even though Marty says not to. Marty joins in playing, and has fun in the rain anyway.
Gary wanted to make his school's football team. He practice running everyday. He and his friends made sure to put in extra workouts. Gary did very well for the try outs. The coach told Gary he made the team.
Nadia loved to watch ice skating on tv. She begged her mother to let her learn. Her mother signed her up for lessons. Nadia took her first lesson and loved it. She now has aspirations of being an Olympic skater one day.
Jenna loves Diet Coke. She and her husband decide to have a baby. Sadly, she cannot drink Diet Coke while pregnant. Jenna endures her entire pregnancy without Diet Coke. When her baby is born, she happily enjoys a large Diet Coke.
Ricky really wanted a bowl of cereal. However, he ate the last of it the day before. He didn't feel like going to the store. So he searched his pantry and found oatmeal. Ricky made and ate oatmeal instead of cereal.
Ben went with his friends to the club. Ben had a few drinks. He began to hit on some women. Ben hit on a married woman. Her husband beat up Ben.
The man made pancakes. He poured syrup on the pancakes. He took a bite. He accidentally had used raspberry syrup. He gave the rest of the pancakes to his sister.
John was tasked the job of hiding the eggs for a egg hunt. It was Easter and the kids expected a challenge. So John did his best to hide the eggs as best as he can. He hid them to good cause kids only found ten eggs out of forty. John felt bad.
Bob thought the intro to a song called Conquer or Die was beautiful. He couldn't transcribe it himself, so he joined a guitar forum. He offered to trade the scores he'd collected over the Year's for it. A man in South Africa agreed to the terms. Bob is happy he can learn such a gorgeous piece of music.
Bill always wanted to learn Japanese. Bill bought some instructional videos and began studying. Bill got better and better at the language. One day Bill met a woman from Tokyo at a work conference. He spoke with her fluently in Japanese for over an hour!
Tom was a low-level middleweight boxer. Tom had won some fights but was no one famous. Tom got a big break, a chance to fight a champion. Tom trained like he never trained before. Tom defeated the champ!
When I was a teenager I got a flat tire one day. I had not yet learned how to fix a flat tire. I called my Dad and asked him for instructions. As he talked me through it, I got the tire changed and went on my way. I was very proud that I was able to respond to this vehicle problem.
Cory loved his new clock. He put the clock on the wall. He stared at the clock to see if it was working. Cory tripped and ran into the wall. The clock fell but Cory caught it and had to rest for the day.
Ana was desperate for money. She finally found a little bit of work writing stories. Unfortunately, the stories only paid twenty-three cents each. She felt like her stories were far too boring. Still, she wrote as many stories as she could, making two dollars.
I was searching my attic for some stuff for a yard sale. While digging around, I found a very old-looking painting. The painting depicted a Native American chief. Following a hunch, I had it appraised. The chief was named Red Cloud, and the painting was worth thousands!
My parents asked me to do the chores. I hated doing chores so I said no. They threatened me with two weeks of no allowance. I still refused. Thus, they grounded me and took away three months of allowance.
Jennifer won Miss Usa She was so happy and nervous. When she was on the stage, they asked her questions. She couldn't speak due to nerves Everyone cheered anyway.
Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle. She had not known him well. She went to the reading anyway to show respect. The lawyer there told her he'd left her $25,000! Mary was thrilled with her newfound riches!
Mark was addicted to gambling. He had just gotten his paycheck. Mark went to the casino. He wasted half of his pay gambling. Mark fell behind on his monthly bills.
Jesse had a very old computer. He wanted a new one His computer broke suddenly. Fortunately, he had saved up money for a new one. Jesse bought a new computer.
A month ago I read that my favorite singer sister was gay. I didn't believe it so I investigated the allegation. I ordered my favorite singer's biography online. I read the biography from front to back. I discovered proof in the book the singer's sister was gay.
Glen took a week off of work to study for a rigorous exam. For the past five days, he studied several hours per day. However, he caught a cold a day before the test. As a result, he struggled on the test. Once he found out that he failed, he dropped out of school.
Jill is staying alone at her house. She is watching a movie on the couch. The power suddenly goes off. Jill turns on the flashlight and heads to the breaker box. Jill hears a loud bang in her basement and quickly leaves.
The rocket was never found again. We looked for it for a few minutes. It sped out of sight. It was a model rocket. I called it the Grasshopper.
Tom worked in a store stock room. He had to pick up heavy things often. One time his back gave out. Tom wasn't able to continue working for the day. He was written up and warned.
One night, my dad took us outside to watch a meteor shower. Many stars were flying through the sky. My mother told us to make wishes on the stars. I wished for a new puppy. I really hope I get the puppy someday.
Emily wanted to play Monopoly. Her three brothers agreed to play with her. She bought all of the properties that she landed on. Emily put hotels on all of the properties she could. Her three brothers quickly went bankrupt and she won the game.
Tom had a somewhat old car. The paint had been wearing down on it. For his birthday his friends pitched in for a new paint job. Tom excitedly picked out his favorite color. The car looked great and Tom was very thankful.
Carson had cancer. He flew to a children's hospital for treatments. They lasted for about six months. He had plenty of support. He was able to get better.
The man turned on the light. The bulb made a noise. The light went out. The man replaced the bulb. Light filled the man's room.
Janet was cooking thanksgiving dinner for the first time. She was nervous about it. When it came time to eat the turkey it was too dry. Everyone had trouble chewing. Janet was mortified by the mistake.
My husband complained that he was always tired. We discussed the options. Even energy  drinks weren't helping him. We decided to improve his diet. He said he is now going to cut out all fried foods.
James enjoyed playing golf. He also enjoyed riding his motorcycle. James had a motorcycle accident and lost his leg. James got a prosthetic leg after the accident. Now James can still play golf and ride his motorcycle.
In 1998 we set off fireworks by the pond where we live. It was July 4th. We saw a police car across the pond. It flashed its lights and started around the pond. We ran home and stayed quiet until the police left.
It was a cloudy day outside. Tina thought that it would rainy outside. She brought her umbrella with her on the bus. Tina lost her umbrella on the bus. She got rained on as she walked to work.
Marge was too busy to bake from scratch for a potluck supper. She brought a dessert made from a box to the event. Everyone raved about the dessert. People asked Marge for the recipe. She told them it was a well-guarded family secret.
Tiffany and I went to the country. We took the horses out on the trails. We stayed out all afternoon exploring. It was the best weather. The horses enjoyed it and so did we.
Sam's favorite color was black. Everyone made fun of him for it. This made sam cry. Sam's teacher told everyone to stop making fun of him. After that no one made fun of Sam.
Harry stopped by the gas station to put gas in his car. He parked the car near a gas tank. A strange man came out when Harry went inside the convenience store. He was able to start the car since Harry left the keys in the ignition. The man drove off into the street.
Sasha was sick and needed to take her medicine. She tried to swallow the pills. Her throat hurt too badly, and she couldn't do it. Instead, she crushed the pills up. Then, she put them in applesauce and ate them like that.
A little boy sick in a hospital worshiped a famous basketball player. He asked a volunteer to get the player's autograph. The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult. The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee. Standing in front of the  coffee shop was the ball player!
Jim tried to lose weight. So he decided to fast. It ended up being easier than he thought. And he fasted for 10 days. But afterwards, he over ate, gaining back all of his weight.
I had to do a lot of yard work the other day. I had to rake the leaves and clean the gutters. While I was cleaning the gutter a squirrel popped out. It startled me and I fell off my ladder. Good thing it wasn't a tall ladder or I could've been hurt real bad!
Carla was working hard on a project. She stayed after work every day for a week to finish the project. Carla finished the project ahead of the due date. Her bosses were impressed with the work that she did. Carla was recognized at the next meeting at work.
Tom was hanging out with friends. He was playing music. The songs were on shuffle. A really silly song came on. Tom embarrassingly changed it.
Lucy was thrilled because she was going on a trip to the new mall. She and her mother drove in the car and got there in no time. Lucy went into the Apple store and Microsoft store and bought stuff. Lucy got her hands on a new laptop and other goodies from the store. Lucy made out well with this mall trip.
Charles learned to be creative from his grandmother. One thanksgiving, she asked him to cut up a watermelon. Charles cut up a bunch of chunks and put them in Tupperware. His grandmother told him to be more creative. Then she carved a basket out of a watermelon and put the chunks in.
Kaylee got a pet kitten. It was very tiny and cute. She was having a lot of fun with it. But then it started staying up all night and playing loudly. Kaylee was soon very tired and regretted getting the cat!
Cole loved spending time at the museum. He was fascinated by all the exhibits and artifacts. After college, where he majored in history, he was jobless. But he knew just what he wanted to do, and he applied for a job. He was hired right away - as a museum curator!
My dad and I went to Dallas Cowboys stadium. The game was between Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers I was of course rooting for the Dallas Cowboys. Sadly, Cowboys didn't win the game. Overall, I enjoyed going to cowboys stadium.
Tammy was trying to sleep in her bed. She couldn't stop thinking about how cold she was. It was so chilly that she absolutely couldn't sleep. She went to her closet and retrieved dozens of heavy blankets. Luckily they warmed her up perfectly to catch some sleep.
Bill panned a trip to Germany. He saved money for 6 months. He surprised his wife with the trip. It was their 30th anniversary. His wife was wonderfully surprised.
Today is Maria's first day of kindergarten. She is nervous about not knowing anyone. The little girl sitting next to her introduced herself as Jane. At recess, they played tag. Now Maria has a friend and looks forward to going to class every day.
Georgia was doing her nails for prom. She had worked very slowly to make sure they were perfect. She was on the last one when she sneezed. The nail polish got all over her hand. She had to clean up and start that hand all over.
Jay was shopping with his mom. He quickly spotted the school supply aisle. Halfway down the aisle, Jay say a 64 pack of crayons. He asked his mother vehemently for them. She finally caved in and bought Jay the crayons.
Ellen was camping with her dad. They spent a great night in a tent in the woods. But in the morning they realized they'd forgotten their bottled water! Ellen searched and finally found a cool clear stream. She and her dad knelt and drank until they were satiated!
I needed a big knife for cutting raw vegetables in the kitchen. I didn't have a lot of money with which to buy a nice one. I went to a value store and bought the cheapest they had. It cut vegetables very well that night. But it was not stainless steel, and got trashed when I washed it.
Gina and her friends were on their way back to class. Gina decided to stop at the bathroom. When she entered, she saw the librarian at the sink. Gina informed her the door to the library was locked. It turned out she locked the door whenever she left the library.
Tameka loved her husband and would never cheat on him. But, one evening she met a handsome younger man in a nice car. He struck a conversation with her at the gas station. Next, he showed her a bankroll of four thousand dollars. She took his phone number because he was rich, her husband wasn't.
Mike got a party invitation to Ted's party. Tim did not get an invitation to the same party. Since Mike and Tim were close friends, Mike talked to Ted. After some talk, Mike convinces Ted to allow Tim to go. Mike and Tim went to Ted's party.
Sandy fell off her bike. She scraped her leg open badly. The doctor had to give her eleven stitches! Afterward, Sandy's parents said she had been very brave. She had not cried at all!
Amy worked as a cashier at Marshall's. Her boss decided she should also handle the shoe department. When there were no customers she would set up shoe displays. Amy enjoyed the variety this added to her day. She thanked her boss for the opportunity to learn more.
I was camping out in the woods with my dad. My dad wanted to teach me how to survive on my own. I thought I was going to use the skills my Dad taught me. However, I never had to use my survival skills. It was a waste of time.
Jerry likes to race. Jerry challenges his friend to a race. Jerry tells his friend he is going to lose so bad. The race begins and Jerry is beaten badly. Jerry is not as fast as he thought.
Tom had been on a diet for about two weeks. He went to the grocery store. He saw a display of very unhealthy cookies. Tom wanted the cookies, but he also wanted to stick to his diet. Tom decided not to get the cookies.
Ashley loves this Mexican joint down the street from her house. They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily. She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner. Within a month it will be an Italian restaurant only. Ashley now has to learn to love Italian food.
Ethan loved the snow. He saw it snow outside. He asked his mom if he could play. He took his sled. He went down the hill.
A new candy store opened up. It was down the street from lily. So she decided to try it. When she entered she got free stuff. Lily w as really happy.
Lisa had bought a new watch. She started to realize there was a rash on her arm. Lisa took off the watch. The rash was only under her arm. She realized she was allergic to the watch's armband.
I was invited to go on a hike. It was fun. However it was very long. Not to mention strenuous. I could hardly go through it.
Sally was standing in line at the pharmacy. A woman was in front of her getting medicine. The woman did not have enough money for her medicine. Sally offered to pay for the rest. The woman thanked Sally for her kindness.
My boss quit and promoted me to her job. I wasn't looking to be promoted and I was quite surprised. Honestly, I think I'm not qualified to be the boss. I read some books on leadership this past week though. I seem to be doing better so I guess that's good.
Steve decided to go to the store to buy a loaf of bread. Steve walked out of his house. He walked down the street until he got to the store. Steve went into the store and bought a loaf of bread. Steve then walked home.
Maria was ordering some food from a new Nepalese restaurant. Maria looked at the online menu. She decided that she wanted an order of Momo and a small salad. Maria added the items to the online ordering menu. She paid for the items and placed the order for pickup.
My car has started to make some noises. I have no idea where it is coming from. I made an appointment for it to be looked at tomorrow. I hope it is not too expensive. I cannot afford it.
Jon had an argument with his dad. In a state of rage, he murdered his dad. He tried to run away but the police caught him. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to prison for life.
Kori went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she ran into a friend. They started to talk to each other. Suddenly, they realized it was dark. They had talked for hours!
Katy loved her new phone. She bought an expensive case for it online. It was supposed to arrive in a few days. Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone. The screen cracked and it won't work right anymore.
Mark was feeling blue. His mom took note of this. She decided to surprise him. She took him to the water park. He had a fun day.
My mouth is terrible, literally. I did not take care of my teeth growing up. I rarely brushed and I never flossed. Now, I have cavities, extractions, and tooth decay. I rarely smile because of my ad teeth.
Sara was always singing something. She would even sing about what she was doing. Today, she made up a song about me and sang it. Everyone, including me, laughed about it. Sara is very good at singing and making up songs.
Milton had never owned a car before. One day, he got a lot of money on his tax return. He decided to buy a used car. He went to the lot and picked one out. He was so excited to own his own car, now.
Tori thought samurai were really cool. She wanted to learn more about them. She went to the library and checked out every book on samurai. She took them home and read them all. Now, she knows a lot about samurai!
Dan was playing baseball in the house. He knocked over a china teapot. The teapot fell to the floor and broke. Dan blamed it on his two year old brother. He was relieved that he wouldn't get in trouble.
D'Albe Albe liked to sing. Unfortunately he was nervous in front of crowds. To combat this, he drank. His friend worried, and told him to imagine the crowd naked. Albe was drunk when he got the advice, so he was naked instead.
Gary had gained a lot of weight in a span of three weeks. He did not know if it was stress or the lack of exercise. He resolved to address this as soon as his deadline at work was over. He kept his word and controlled his diet and exercised every day. He soon returned to his original body weight and became fit again.
Jill went to prom on Friday. However, right before, her dress ripped. She had to go and get a new dress at the last minute. Jill did not want to miss prom. To her, the money for the new dress was worth it.
I couldn't sleep and was tossing and turning all night. I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy. Midnight passed and I was still wide awake. Finally around 2 am I started to get tired. I slept in the next day.
Jake loved to skateboard in the street He skated all over the neighborhood he lived in. Jake slipped one day and broke his arm. He had to wear a cast for 6 weeks. Jake is more careful now when he skateboards.
Jim had never been overseas. He always wanted to visit Paris. He finally got the chance to on his wedding night. He spent more time on the city than his wife. He returned there often.
Norm wanted to buy a new TV. He worked a lot of overtime so he could earn the money. Finally, he went to Best Buy and handed them $2000. The next day, they delivered a huge new TV. He was so excited to relax and watch the game on it!
Sam was really hungry. He had forgotten to eat breakfast prior to work. He went to grab Chinese food during his lunch break. He was unable to place an order due to an outrageously long line. Sam had to eat chips from the vending machine instead.
The employee wanted me to leave their parking lot. I explained that my small car wouldn't drive in the snow. He told me he didn't care, and that I had to go. I ignored him, unable to go anywhere. I curled up under my blanket, and fell asleep.
Debbie had a new carpet put in last week. The previous one was as old as the house. Her daughter had a birthday party the other day and it got messy. There was a huge stain in the middle of the new carpet. Her daughter paid for a whole new carpet.
My grandfather taught me karate. Afraid of hurting people, I never used it. Ron, my neighbor, always teased me to fight. One day he hit my best friend. I used karate to beat him up.
My boss sent me an email asking me about a virus he got. He said that the attachment had come from his very own address. I called our email hosting provider. They said there had been a spoofing attack. They wiped my boss' email account and restored his old mail.
A thin cross was Abel's good luck charm. He wore it around his neck no matter where he went. One day his friends asked where he had gotten it from. He explained that his grandfather had worn it in the war. They were surprised to hear that his family believed it protected him.
I purchased a computer tablet at the store. As soon as the cashier gave me my bag, someone snatched it. They ran outside of the outlet store. I tried to chase him however, he was too fast. I lost my sight of him.
Josh had a parrot that talked. He brought his parrot to school. During show and tell, Josh's parrot said a bad word. The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again. When Josh got home, he was grounded.
Beyonce smoothed her outfit and breathed out. Slowly, she lowered her head, gripping the microphone tightly. The dimmed lights suddenly sparkled into colorful life. Beyonce and her backup dancers struck a pose as the music started. She admonished the crowd to get in formation and they happily did.
Brad loves to play checkers. Brad challenges his dad to a game of checkers. They both sit down and play the game. Brad loses to his father. Brad gets angry and refuses to play another game.
Charles really liked Marie. He decided to work up the courage to ask her out. He practiced in the mirror until he felt he was ready. He went to the diner where Marie worked and asked her out. She said yes and they enjoyed a breakfast date.
My cat was hit by a car. He's okay but he broke his leg. I picked him up from the vet this morning. He's expected to fully recover. I guess he has eight lives left now.
Alex was having a barbeque. He invited all his friends to the party. Everyone gathered in the backyard. Food and drinks were served to everyone. Everyone left happy.
We went deep sea fishing on a vacation. We went all the way out in the ocean looking for fish. When we finally started fishing, I caught a huge flounder. They cut it up for us and we took it home to eat. It was some of the best fish I've ever had.
Will came home one day after work. There was a stray cat lounging by his front door. Will brought the cat a bowl of milk. The next day, the same thing happened with the cat. Will decided to keep the cat and love it as his pet!
Eric worked a lot. Eric enjoyed working. He worked at the same job for 50 years. He eventually was worn down. Now he is tired or working.
Warren was blasting his music loud. His mother knocked on his door. He opened it and asked what she wanted. She told him to lower the music. He said that she wasn't his real mother.
Nate connected several wires behind a radio set. He placed one large wire in the left side. When it was connected, the speakers made a loud noise. Everyone who was around had to cover their ears. Nate pulled the cord out of the radio to remove the noise.
Rodriguez decided to go hiking in the mountains. After climbing some time, he realized no landmarks looked familiar. Rodriguez tried to retrace his steps, to no avail. He screamed for help, and waited for a response. All he heard was his own echo.
The cat went to the living room. There was something funny. It had a new pillow. The cat poked the pillow with its paw. The cat liked the new pillow.
Lisa was going to her first school dance. She and her friends went shopping for dresses. Lisa couldn't find a dress she liked. A friend had a dress that Lisa really loved. Lisa's friend let her borrow the dress.
The kids were doing stations in gym class. They were supposed to go until they heard the buzzer. Andrew hated the station he was working on. He snuck up and pushed the buzzer. The gym teacher said it was time to switch!
Kate was in an argument with some girls in a club. Kate tried to walk away. But the girls followed her yelling the whole time. It never got physical. But the bouncers put them all out anyway.
Amy loved Beverly Cleary books. She couldn't wait to visit the school library to find a new book. To her dismay there were on more on the shelf. According to the librarian none would return for a week. Amy was sad to leave without a new book.
Terry always felt the piazza he made was the best tasting. One day he had an opportunity to buy a pizza parlor. He bought the best ingredients for the grand opening. Everyone complimented him on the great tasting piazza. He now was a very successful business.
Gina washed her dad's car to his specifications. Now he wanted her to vacuum the inside as well. Gina felt this was too much and refused. Her offered an extra $5 if she did. Gina vacuumed the inside of the car, and went to the mall.
Miley paid other people to write her papers in college. Her parents had caught her cheating years ago and grounded her. She'd forgotten the lesson they had tried to teach her. A professor caught her by using a service that detected plagiarism. Miley was unceremoniously expelled shortly after being found out.
Nolan was vacation in New York City. This is where he met Janine. It was love at first sight and they only spent three days together. Janine and Nolan knew a long distant relationship would be tricky. After three years of success Nolan finally moved to New York City.
Alex and Jackson were on a road trip with their parents. Alex was bored and asked his brother if he wanted to play a game. Jackson agreed and they began to play. Suddenly, they began arguing about the game. Their parents told them to stop talking for the rest of the trip.
Tyler just saw a cockroach running on his desk. He jumped out of bed and ran over to it. The cockroach saw tyler coming, and ran into the wall. Tyler waited and found the cockroach. The cockroach was removed from tyler's home.
Em needed to lose some weight. She tried dieting, but her hunger always prevailed. Then she joined a weight loss club. There she made many like-minded friends who helped her. Em ended up losing twenty pounds!
Derrick hasn't told his family about the baby he adopted. His partner Larry told him he should, but Derrick was worried. Knowing how judgemental they are, he couldn't do it. Larry tirelessly tried to convince Derrick, and finally convinced him. The next day they told Derrick's family and they were happy.
Billy was a very quiet boy. He wasn't very popular and only had a few friends. He went to his locker one day and found a note. He was surprised it was from a girl asking him to a dance. Billy blushed and then ran to find the girl who left the note.
Narin decided to try out for a baseball team. The team was filled with good players but Narin thought he was better. Narin hit a homerun on the very first pitch. The pitcher then struck him out every other time Narin was up. Narin was the first player cut from the team.
It was Charles' first time in Las Vegas and he was having fun. First he went to a club and danced with a model in a private room. After the club, Charles and his friend went to an after-party. The after-party was celebrating the end of filming a TV series. Charles took a selfie with an actor and posted it on Facebook.
The Denver Broncos starting quarterback was injured. Brock was their backup quarterback. He took practice repetitions all week. Brock was ready to start their next game. He had a spectacular performance.
Shay joined the track team. Her times were very slow. But she practiced diligently. She raced every single morning. Soon she was the fastest one on the team!
Frank wanted to go to the casino on the weekend. He wanted to actually make money this run. He decided to learn as much as he could about blackjack. He felt confident all throughout his time at the blackjack table. Frank left tripling his earnings!
It was the year coming up to the millennium and Cody was scared. Everyone was saying it was the end of the world and technology. So to keep his mind off of it Cody played Pokemon Blue on his gameboy. After a few hours his mom came in his room and woke him up. He had passed the millennium by falling asleep with a gameboy in hand.
Braeden just learned he is allergic to milk. He had always had a strange rash and did not know why. The allergist just informed him of the news. Braeden was very upset. Then he tried soy milk and learned he liked it more than regular milk.
Mike was wandering throughout the museum. As an aspiring artist, he loved all kinds of art, especially painting. His attention was grabbed by a beautiful portrait of a lady. He felt inspired! He raced home to paint a portrait of his special lady.
One of Sarah's teeth has been hurting for weeks. She decides to go to the dentist to see what is wrong. The dentist tells Sarah that she has a cavity. Sarah has her cavity filled in that same dentist visit. She hates having cavities filled, but is glad to have it over.
Tom had not been keeping up with his reading for class. He figured he could just catch up at the last minute. At the beginning of class his teacher gave a pop quiz. Tom was completely unprepared for it. He failed it pretty badly.
Fergie is a dancer. She wants to go to dance school. At her audition she danced very well. Fergie was accepted into dance school. She can't wait to see where her future takes her.
Ida wanted to make her mom a scrapbook. She got a blank album and started decorating. Then she added lots of photos. She presented it to her mom on Christmas. Ida's mom was so happy she almost cried!
Sandra despised Aardvark. She did not like how they looked and smelled. One day, she stumbled across one. At first she was scared but then she became stronger. Now, Sandra likes aardvarks.
My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas. It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film. The viewfinder is similar to that used on twin lens reflexes. I was a big fan of twin lens reflex cameras. I used to Holga to take pictures of my granddaughter.
Tim had his phone plan for a while. He was due for an upgrade. Tim didn't know what new phone to get. The salesperson walked him through some questions. They were able to find Tim's perfect fit.
Today I was combing the beach with my metal detector. I had been searching for several hours before my first hit. When I got my first hit I was very excited and dug quickly. The hit turned out to be an old coin. I was glad I bought a metal detector as the coin was very valuable.
Andrew needed a new jacket when he moved to Chicago. He tried on many jackets but they weren't warm enough. Finally he found a fashionable and warm jacket. He bought it. Now Andrew stays warm in style in his terrific new jacket.
Daniel and his wife got a divorce. His wife made it very hard for him to see his children. He dressed up like a woman and got a job as their new housekeeper. One night, there was a big mistake and Daniel got caught in his lies. His wife took him to court but decided to drop the charges.
Sara loved flowers! Her favorite flowers were daisies. She also loved roses because they smelled so good. Sara enjoyed herself as she arranged flowers into a bouquet. She gave the bouquet to her mother.
Jake bought a new sofa. He decided to celebrate moving it in. He got some pizza and wine. By accident he spilled the wine on the sofa. Luckily he was able to clean it in time and a stain didn't stick.
A man walked up to a garage sale with $20 in his pocket. He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested. The owner came over and talked to the man. The man began to offer $1 for the object and $19 for the rest. The owner accepted the offer and took his payment.
I am a college graduate who just moved back in with my mom. I have no money and student loans. I have been job searching for months with no luck. Eventually I started to get a few call backs. I have four interviews lines up next week and I'm hoping for the best.
Tom had a lot of laundry to do. He didn't want to spend any money. He asked his parents if he could do it at their place. They were glad to have him over. Tom did all his laundry for free.
Today I went to school. It was the first day of school. I met all my new teachers. I got all of my homework. I went home from school.
Alex and Ben just didn't feel like going to school. They met behind the school yard when the bus dropped them off. They snuck to the arcade to play video games. But they had bad luck! Ben's mother saw them when she happened to drive by.
The man owned a burger shop. He lived there with his wife and three kids. One day he bought a new expensive knife for the restaurant. He soon became addicted to chopping. He chopped off his wife's head with the knife.
I saw a commercial on tv for peanut butter bits. They looked very tasty. I told my wife about them. Today she came back from food shopping and delivered a jar. I was thrilled.
The fly landed on the wall. The man tried to hit it. The fly got away. The man woke up his son. His son got the fly.
Jan is fixing her hair. She uses a hot iron to curl it. While curling her hair the iron gets really hot. The iron burns jan's hair. She dumps her hair in water to put it out.
Bill liked Amy but he didn't want her to find out. One day Amy came up to Bill during recess and began talking to him. Bill was worried that someone told Amy that he liked her. Amy said the most amazing thing to Bill. She told him that she thought he was really cute!
Joseph never ate lunch at school. He starved himself all day until he got home. When Joseph got home he ate much junk food. His mother was unhappy with his unhealthy ways. She soon would only buy healthy foods.
Jason tried out for the basketball team. He barely made the first round of cuts. The coach told him to practice passing if he wanted to make the cut. Jason practiced very hard at home. When the final round of cuts occurred, Jason made the team.
Jim had just bought a new car. He needed to buy car insurance. He searched online for the best rates. He found the cheapest through Geico. He bought insurance and printed out his insurance ID tag.
Ray bought expensive new headphones. And he brought them to school to show off. But when he wore his headphones, no one paid much attention. Ray felt that the headphones were a waste of money. And he rarely used them afterwards.
Joanne owned 10 dogs. She loved them so much and spoiled them. One day she brought home new snacks she bought at the store. She fed them to her dogs. Unknowingly, the treats were poisoned and all the dogs died.
Today was the first day of art class. I was very excited to meet my new teacher. When I got to class the teacher was very nice. We painted and had no homework. I really like my new art class teacher.
My dog was bored. I was working all day so I couldn't spend time with him. When I finished work I decided to play with my dog. He was so happy to finally have some fun! Alas, he fell sick and died.
I wanted to learn to play guitar. I went to a music store. A salesman let me play with a guitar in a corner. A string snapped, flying up and hitting me in the face. I immediately handed back the guitar.
I had a stroke in 2011. I was in rehab for 8 weeks. The days were long. I tried to listen to every one of Bach's Cantatas. I still listen to Bach cantatas every day.
The kids were gathered on the street. They were waiting for the parade to start. The first float thru out huge suckers. They were so excited to see how much candy they would get! When it was over, they ran home to check out their loot.
The counselor called her into his office. He talked to her about her home life. She told him more than she had told anyone. He told her she was a very strong girl. He gave her some pamphlets on how to get help.
Craig's fireplace was very dirty. He decided to try to clean it out. Craig opened the doors to a cloud of black dust. The dust covered him from head to toe. Craig decided to call a professional cleaner instead.
Tom's grandmother died recently. He got along very well with her. Her lawyer let him know she had a lot of money saved up. Tom got a big chunk of her inheritance. He didn't need to work again for a long time.
Reese signed up for a four week fishing class. They learned how to tie flies. Learning to cast was the hardest part. She put on her waders and set out into the river. Catching her first rainbow trout was a huge thrill.
Drew ended up getting a D on his first exam. Since he was nervous, she increased his work throughout the semester. He managed to earn better grades on his assignment. He also sacrificed a day of working to study for his final exam. The teacher gave him an A in the class.
I went for a jog through the park this morning. I had to stop and wait for a group of ducklings to get out of my way. I ran in place to keep my heart rate up but felt foolish doing so. The ducks seemed to take forever to finishing crossing my path. From now on I'll be jogging around the block.
Every morning I get a certain type of coffee. I always go to Dunkin Donuts and order the same coffee! One time the drive through worker recognized me and said hi. I was caught off guard and really didn't like it. After that day I decided to go to a different coffee place.
There was a black out on a dark night. Kate needed to find a candle. But she found a flashlight instead. She opened it and realized it had no batteries. She was angry to realize she was right back where she started.
Fred wanted to prepare for the storm that was coming. Fred stocked up on canned goods and emergency lighting. Fred storm-proofed his windows and doors. On the day of the storm, the weather was mild and pleasant. Fred later donated his canned goods to charity.
In 2014 I joined the Unitarian Universalist Association. It is a very liberal Christian group. To show my identity I shopped for gift items today. I bought pins and a necklace. I will wear them proudly.
Mario had drank a lot of water. Unsurprisingly he needed to use the toilet. He had to wait for his class to end. Then he ran without looking into the nearest restroom. He went in the lady room accidentally.
Adam needed new boots. It was winter and it was starting to snow. Adam went to several stores and could not find any boots he liked. The boots at the stores were either not his size, of the wrong color. Adam decided to go to one last store and found the perfect pair!
Tom was at the lake with friends. They all wanted to go swimming. The water was really cold. Tom didn't want to get in. It took him a long time to build up the courage to do so.
Lolly loved her mother more than anyone else in the world. One day, Lolly decided to give flowers to her mother to show her love. She picked daisies and petunias from a neighbor's garden. The neighbor was very angry and yelled at Lolly. Lolly told the neighbor why she was doing it and he forgave her.
Tim drove trucks. No matter the weather he had to drive. It was stormy and wet on the roads. He hit a patch of ice on the highway. His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok.
Joanne's bedroom was very dark. She bought a lamp to brighten it up. The lamp gave her room a cozy glow. It was a great improvement. Now Joanne could lay in her bed and read comfortably.
Keith was too tall and had to bend to go through the door. He was extremely tired that everything was too small. He asked his friend, who was an architect, to build him a house. He gave his specifications and waited for it to be done. When he finally had his home, he could pass through the door easily.
Maurice was getting upset because she could not find her dog. She looked everywhere in the neighborhood but had no luck. Maurice then posted signs everywhere in town. Eventually the next day, someone found the dog for her. Maurice was incredibly relieved to see her dog again.
Beth did not enjoy cooking. One day, she decided to try to cook fish for her husband. She followed the recipe carefully, but it was disgusting. Her husband tried a bite, but wouldn't eat it. They decided to give it to the cat, but even she wouldn't eat it.
Jill was worried that her dusty keyboard would make her sick. So she took the keyboard outside. And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister. The dust went in her throat and eyes. And Jill ended up feeling sick.
Anna was in labor. She was struggling! After hours and hours, her doctor made a decision. He performed a c-section on Anna. Soon her baby was safe in her arms!
Brad spent a lot of time on the internet. He thought that this was probably an unhealthy habit. Brad decided to make some healthy changes. Now Brad rides his bike for exercise every day. By spending less time on the web, Brad is healthier and happier.
Tom has an English test. He has not studied. He decided to pull an allnighter. When he got to school he was tired and nervous. He fell asleep during the test and failed.
Bob just got out from the rain. Tired and wet, he removed his boots. His feet were soaking wet and cold. He looked to see what was the matter with his boots. He stepped on a nail on his trek home from school.
Allie was in a lot of pain. She had cramps. Did she wanted them to just go away. But they sustained. Finally she took an Advil and they went away.
My family went on vacation last week. We went up to the mountains to ski. Some of our friends were already up there. We all met at one of the cabins. It was a really fun time.
Kacey woke up early to go to the ball. She ran across several store outlets that she liked. Several outlet stores had a display behind the front window. She decided to take a look at them. She was attracted to one store due to the items on the window display.
Louisa was excited to be in her tennis match. When she went to play, she was ready. Her family was cheering for her. When she finished, she won. Louisa won a medal.
The couple was registering for wedding gifts. They couldn't agree on what dishes they wanted. The bride got really mad and stormed off. THe groom cancelled the wedding. It was the first wedding that had ever been called off in Pier 1.
I thought I wasn't making enough money at my job. The next day I went out and looked for other jobs to get! I dedicated on becoming a cashier at a grocery store. They hired me the next week after I applied! After I got my second job I felt like I was making enough money.
Andrew was the manager of an apartment building. The owners made everyone move out for renovations. Andrew had an idea to throw a party in the apartment building. A week before renovations began he threw a huge party. They had bathtubs filled with liquor.
Bob was a police officer. He had a horse he used to patrol the streets. One day, his horse fell sick and died. Bob grieved in the middle of the street. He later made headlines in the news for his compassion.
Tim bought a new pair of pants. They fit him too small. He figured he would lose weight and fit them soon. Tim worked out a few times and then gave up. He was never able to fit into those pants.
A man desired to improve his writing skills. He decided to type out a book by his favorite author. He did this many times. He enjoyed having those words, that language flow through him. He saw his writing skills improve.
Ben had a loaf of bread that was getting moldy. He took it to the park. There, he broke it into pieces. He began tossing it to the ducks. Soon seagulls came and the birds ate all his bread!
I was washing my hands. I noticed a large spider in the sink. I turned on the faucet. I sprayed the spider with water. The spider was washed down the drain.
Sandra noticed her phone bill was high. She needed to save money on her bills. Sandra asked her daughter if she could be put on her plan. Sandra's daughter added Sandra to her phone plan. Sandra and her daughter both saved money on their bills.
Last night Lisa went to a dinner at a friends house. While eating, her friend took a phone call. Lisa was very upset about that. Her friend was on the phone right in front of her. Lisa didn't think it was very proper.
Sara had taken a break from running. She decided to start running again and enter a race. During her training, she started gaining her stamina back. Her timing got better and better. Sara was able to win her age division in her race.
My son Kevin loves toy cars. One day, he was naughty and he got his cars taken away as punishment. He wanted his toys back really badly. I told him he needed to apologise to get his cars back. He told me sorry and I returned his cars.
James was outside with his pregnant wife. Suddenly their dog ran up and jumped on his wife. He got especially upset because of her delicate stomach. He yelled a the dog and pushed it away. The dog learned his lesson and sulked away.
Jimmy put a plastic spider on the floor of his parent's shower. Jimmy couldn't wait to hear his mom scream in panic over the spider. When Jimmy did hear his mom scream, he felt bad. Jimmy rushed into the bathroom. Jimmy calmed his mom down, explaining it was just a prank.
Al was dozing off in class. He had stayed up all night. He tried to hide his nap from his teacher. The teacher noticed he was trying to sleep. Al was scolded for falling asleep in class.
Becky was suspicious that someone was eating her cookies. Though she had hid them, they kept disappearing. Becky set up a camera to find the culprit. The next day, she checked the footage. Becky was surprised to find herself sleepwalking to them.
A host of people have become sick lately. Everyone around me is coughing, in particular a young student I know. She began coughing, and couldn't stop. She doubled over, trailing ropes of mucus from her mouth. Eventually she coughed her pants off and had to be hospitalized.
Kylie had gone to a birthday party. The host had given her a balloon. Kylie accidentally let go of the balloon. The balloon flew high into the air. Kylie cried when she couldn't get the balloon back.
I love the band Nine Inch Nails. One summer I convinced my boyfriend to take me to their concert. The concert was at an outdoor ampitheater in Washington state. We tried to push our way up to the front and ended up in a mosh pit. It was an incredible experience!
Brad and Pete were friends in middle school. Sometimes Brad went snake-hunting in Mexico with his uncle. Brad asked Pete to join them for a snake hunt. Pete asked his mother for permission to go to Mexico. Pete's mom said that she would be a horrible mother if she let him go.
Norma loved to drink sweet tea and was buying expensive bottles of it. She finally had to start making it for herself to save money. She remembered her grandmother making it in a jar out in the sun. She got some tea bags, filled a jar up with water and set it outside. After a few hours in the sunshine she was rewarded with delicious tea.
Beth worked through her lunch and was hungry. She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed. She ran downstairs to the hot dog vendor outside. When she got to her desk she realized she forgot mustard. There was no time to go back so Beth ate the hot dog dry.
A new park opened in town. It was shaped like a pirate ship. All the kids loved to climb around on it. Josh played on it for three hours straight. Then he went home and took a long nap.
Kia had two unexpected guests for dinner. She wondered if she had enough food. But she found that she had plenty of meat and veggies. She cooked up all she had for her diners. There was plenty of food to go around!
Amber wanted green hair. She went to the beauty salon. There, she told the stylist her desire. The stylist grinned and said that was no problem. Soon Amber was staring at her smiling, green-haired reflection!
Ellen had cockroaches in her small apartment. She wanted to get rid of them but never had the time. Finally she called an exterminator to kill the cockroaches. The exterminator killed them. Ellen is happy now that her apartment doesn't have cockroaches.
I like to keep a journal of my writings. It helps me vent and relieves stress. Last week my bratty sister found it. She started reading it and calling it my diary. It annoyed me so much I wrote about it in my other journal.
Joe was hot one summer. He wanted to buy an air conditioner but could not afford one. Everyday he drove to the mall and stayed there until night time. Joe found a job at the mall. And he was able to buy an air conditioner later.
Ed was out on his sailboat one day. The waves grew choppy. Ed was thrown off the boat and into the ocean! He scrambled to get back onto the boat. Ed was lucky - he had almost drowned!
The woman braided her hair. She made them too loose. She untied her braids. She asked for help. Somebody else braided her hair.
Yesterday, I talked to my neurology teacher. He told me that he needed help in his research lab. I happily accepted his offer. He told me that I would start next monday. I am nervous but I'm excited to do a good job.
I have never been hunting before. I would not even know where to begin. I would like to go one day. It would be fun to come back with a win. Perhaps I will go next season.
Ashley was shopping in the grocery store. There was a lot of snow outside so the floors were wet. Ashley slipped and fell. She broke her arm and was in the hospital for days. Ashley sued the store and got a lot of money.
Joseph owned several properties. At one of his houses, the tenants were very noisey. Joseph had to warn them several times because of their noise. After 6 months of complaints from neighbours, Joseph had evict them. They were surprisingly amicable in the whole process.
Gina decided to go to a different high school. She was already enrolled in one. She needed to go to the new one to enroll. Her mother stayed for the first 30 minutes. From there the Gina completed the enrollment alone.
The Smith family goes on vacation every summer. They decided to go to Florida this summer. The kids wanted to go to the beach. They spent time at the beach every day. The Smith family wants to go to Florida every summer now.
My stomach was burning for several days. And I had trouble eating any kind of food. So my dad bought me a probiotic drink made with fermented cabbages. It tasted terrible. But it quickly helped my stomach.
Everywhere I looked for textbooks they were super expensive. It was frustrating because I wanted to buy a cheap book. All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars. Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars. I immediately scooped it up and was thankful it was cheap.
We were watching basketball on TV. One player passed it to another. He shot the ball into the basket. My family cheered very loud. Our team won the game.
Mr Jerry was going to fix Chesters bike. He told Chester he'll deliver it to him. Chester got a call from Mr Jerry. Apparently, Mr Jerry messed it up even worse. Mr Jerry promised to buy him a new bike though.
Robert never knew when to give up He took his SAT exam ten times and failed One day he decided to retake his exam after failing He studied nonstop for his last attempt at the test Robert still failed his exam regardless
A woman was abducted on the streets of Philadelphia. She was walking down 10th and South Streets around 10:30 pm. At about 10:40 she was seen being dragged into a dark colored vehicle. Witnesses say a middle aged-white man was driving. The vehicle was last seen heading north on 11th street.
Logan was on his way to see his very first hockey game. He couldn't wait to see all his favorite hockey players. When he got there, he rushed through the doors as fast as he could. He found his seat and looked over the crowd to see the rink. Logan smiled as he finally saw the players he'd been waiting for!
Kim was playing paintball with her boyfriend. She had never played paintball before. Kim got shot several times during the match. Her skin made welts where she was hit. Kim decided never to play paintball again.
Tom used to a very jovial person. When the girl he wanted to meet stood him up that changed. Now he's much less gregarious. He still says he's looking for love. But we all think Tom's learned his lesson.
Cora wandered along Bourbon Street, in search of dinner. She arrived at a carry-out restaurant, excited to order. One of the food service workers yelled that they were closed. Outside, a stranger directed her to a nearby pizza place. She ended up eating an entire pizza, all by herself.
Tom drove an old car. It had a terrible stereo system. Tom saved up to upgrade it. He got new speakers and woofers. It was old but it sounded great.
Helga decided to try new fruits. Kiwis were the first on her list. She sliced them up and peeled them. They were delicious! Helga decided to try more new things.
Adrienne discovered her registration had expired on her car. She was suppose to drop her son off at his dad's. Because of the expired registration she decided not to drive. Her son's dad refused to come pick him. Now Adrienne has to cancel her plans this weekend.
Oscar decided that he must get a job to be able to pay rent. He put on his nicest shirt and pants. He asked for work at each business on the street. He was rejected each time. No one wanted to hire him because of his pink hair.
The teacher was disturbed by my friend's new hairstyle. He asked my friend about his hairstyle and said that it's ridiculous. In addition, he gave my friend an F on the exam although he aced it. I tried contacting the school staff to report the issue. They believed my story and investigated the scene.
Wally found a wallet while walking home. He figured he'd give the wallet to the police on his way back. When he got to the station the front desk officer was preoccupied. He was talking to someone who lost his wallet! When Wally return the wallet to the owner he gave him twenty bucks!
Brandon loved to drink milkshakes. He loved the cherry on the top as well. One day, he went to the store to buy a milk shake. He was able to buy his favorite flavor as well. Then, Brandon was able to enjoy a milkshake while watching TV.
Today I was letting my nails dry. Yet unfortunately one of my nails broke. It was devastating. My nails were ruined. I knew I had to fix them.
Danny went to the Chinese Restaurant. He asked the server for the food he ordered an hour ago. The server took out the food. Danny also asked for a couple of hot sauce packets. Instead of hot sauce, the server put mayonnaise into the bag with food.
I decided to hang out with my friend at the park. Both of us had a good time. We had dinner at an Italian restaurant and played volleyball. I tried to hug her before leaving. However, she swayed away and told me that she was taken.
Anna got soup in her lunch one day. She was eager to devour it. But then she saw that her mom had forgotten a spoon! She dug through the drawers in the school cafeteria. Luckily, she found a plastic spork to eat with!
Bill was excited for Easter Sunday. He decided he wanted to bake a ham for his family. Bill headed off to the grocery store. He bought the biggest ham he could find. Bill was very happy with how his ham turned out!
The doctor looked at me gravely. She put down her papers. She told me that my child was autistic. I burst into tears of fear and sorrow. I went home to tell my husband and make a plan.
When I was 23 I made an afghan for my father. Hours of crocheting love went into making the afghan. It covered him from head to toe with room to spare. I quickly became his favorite go to blanket. Thirty three Years later it is still uses it daily.
Our dinner was simple tonight. My wife made penne with tomato sauce. She sprinkled some cheese on top. She put some black pepper on top as well. I thanked her for making dinner.
Luke drove a semi for a living. He was on the road more than he was home. He missed his family terribly. He hated being gone all the time. Luke decided to quit his job so he could watch his kids grow.
Alice was extremely shy and never dated anyone. When Xavier saw her he still thought she was very pretty. He approached her with a confident swag. But Alice recoiled afraid by his outburst. Xavier changed tactic and tamed the shy Alice overtime.
My neighbors have a grey cat which mostly stays outside. I had put a bird feeder in a tree I could see from inside my house. I was watching the birds feed when they suddenly all flew away. Then I saw the neighbor's cat hiding behind the tree. It had tried to catch a bird but they were all too quick for it.
The house was a burned out husk that teenagers partied in. 12 year old Bill was skipping school when he came across it. It was empty now in the afternoon so he climbed the front steps. He smashed some empty bottles inside and drew on the walls. He never saw the body tucked neatly into the busted refrigerator.
My wife loves Archie Comics. In 1999 a local college had an exhibit of Archie artwork. We drove out to see the exhibit. We saw 100 pieces of original artwork. Five years later we bought a piece online.
Jim loved to ski and badly wanted to go. He hadn't been skiing since he left home for college. Winter break had finally arrived so he went to Snowshoe Ski Resort. While he was there, he met a wonderful girl that he later married. Jim now has another reason to love skiing so much.
My button came off my favorite shirt and I lost it. I called up a craft store to see if they sold buttons. I tried to describe my button to the store worker. She said that I should bring in the shirt so she could see it. I hung up the phone and grabbed my shirt so I could go.
Kelsi needed some new glasses. Things were getting difficult to see. She decided to go to the eye doctor to get checked. The doctor gave her a prescription. Kelsi then walked out with glasses.
Charles was flying home for the first time ever. He was extremely nervous as the plane took off. Luckily his seat-mate noticed and offered some words of comfort. Soon the two were chatting which distracted Charles from his fear. Luckily in no time the flight was safely completed.
Last month I entered a poker tournament. I did well at the beginning. The middle of the tournament was slow and boring. Near the end I was still in, but I got greedy. I ended in 7th place because I bluffed the wrong person.
Jim wanted to be a rapper. He recorded several songs himself. He tried to push his mix tape on anybody who would listen. Eventually he got a bit of popularity. It was enough to keep him trying.
Alvin played the record. He danced to the music. The record stopped. He picked up the record to turn it over. He dropped the record.
John was going to cross the street. The traffic light was green. He stepped on the road. Suddenly a car appeared. It knocked John down.
Angelina wanted to stop spending money at her local coffee shop. So she looked into getting a really good coffee pot. She then went to her local coffee shop to buy their brand of coffee. The next morning she made a whole pot of coffee. She now makes homemade coffee and is saving a lot of money.
I have breakfast every morning at 8:30. Yesterday I made my weekday breakfast. I made oatmeal with whole milk and berries. I had a cup of Keurig coffee and a glass of orange juice. I read the paper online and listened to classical music.
Egypt is my strong and fast cat. My neighbor mentioned that she had a mouse in the house. I offered my cat to get the mouse and trap it for her. I took my cat there and let her rip. Within 10 minutes, she had the mouse on her mouth, dead.
Thelma needed to shop for groceries. She made a list of all the things she needed. Then she got her reusable bag and went to the store. At the store she bought lots of fruits and veggies. Thelma finished her shopping and went home.
Amanda was stylish and loved clothes. But her mom worried beside shopping wasn't a real career choice! Then Amanda found a perfect solution. After high school, she became a personal shopper. Now she gets paid to shop for a living!
Mike was skiing. He was bored with it and decided to try something new. Mike went off of a ski jump for the first time. He landed badly and went to the doctor. Mike found out that he fractured his leg.
Tory's baby daughter was very pretty. People always complimented Tory on her pretty baby. Tory saw an advertisement for a baby contest. She decided to enter her baby in the contest. When her baby did not win the contest, she was very disappointed.
Kia had stayed up all night reading for school. In the morning, she was very tired. She could barely drag herself out of bed to dress for class. All day, she fought fatigue and moodiness. She vowed not to stay up so late any more.
Kelly had a photo of her and her mom on her fridge. One day she realized the picture had slipped off. She searched everywhere for the photo with no luck. She began to grow upset as the photo meant a lot to her. Luckily she found out her toddler had found it and had it.
Gina's brother Jay ate their mother's cookies. Her dad went to confront him. Her dad grabbed the teen by the collar. Jay pushed his dad away. The older man was shocked the boy would be so rude.
Amanda woke up in the middle of the night in searing pain. Her back tooth wouldn't stop throbbing. The next morning she went to her dentist. She was informed that she needed a filling urgently. After the dentist had finished, she treated herself to an ice cream.
I am pretty weak. I could not do one pull-up. I tried every day for a month. I started getting stronger. I can now do 5 pull-ups.
Miranda was playing with her siblings in the house. Suddenly she bumped into a shelf. An heirloom vase fell and shattered on the floor. Miranda was nervous, but she decided to tell her mom. Luckily, her mom was glad she was honest and went easy on her.
Sue went into labor last night. She felt contractions around 10:00pm. The contractions were very strong. She pushed for 5 hours. She had a baby girl.
Kay was excited about taking an art history class. The first day she arrived early and got a good seat. The professor was dry and boring making it difficult to stay awake. By the third week Kay could barely stand the class. She went to the registrar and dropped the class before it was too late.
I have a crush on the person that sits next to me in class. She has long blonde hair and brown eyes. I hope I see her at the dance. I'm going to ask her to dance with me. Hopefully she'll be my girlfriend after that.
Jill studied all week for her math test. She stayed up studying the cold night before too. The morning of the test, she woke up sick. But she went to school anyway. Jill's teacher allowed her to take the test at home.
Ella once worked at the sweet store. The job was always after college. Once, Ella was asked to open up the shop in the morning. Although she would normally be in college at that time, she opened up. Ella missed the lecture which explained all of her exam dates.
Lana went to a party at her friend's house. She felt uncomfortable because she didn't know many people. A boy came up and asked her to dance. They danced until the party was over. After the party, the boy asked Lana on a date.
June hated doing laundry. But she decided to do it and get it out of the way. She threw it in the washer, then dried it. She folded everything and put it away afterwards. June felt so much better knowing it was all done!
John got some flowers for his crush. She liked the arrangement because it looked familiar. He told her he made it himself. It made them feel closer to each other. He actually got them at the gas station.
John was walking down the road. There was a sign that had a picture of a pig with wings. John though it was funny. Suddenly what looked like a pig flew past John very fast. Then it stopped in the air and John realized it was a toy drone.
Ned was a car guy. He had an old muscle car he was fixing up. He decided to get a new engine for it. He had a friend helped him install it. The car ran great and Ned was happy.
Kayla had her first clarinet concert tonight. She was nervous and worried about how she would sound. When she walked up on stage, she got to her seat. The concert started. As she started to play she sounded great.
Susie's boyfriend wanted to give her a special gift. He bought her an exotic plant and had it delivered to her house. When he called her to make plans for the weekend, she was sick. She had received the plant but was allergic to it. Her boyfriend came to pick the plant right away so she could heal.
Nathan wanted to be a computer programmer. He would code everyday after school. Eventually he got a degree in computer science. He was hired by Microsoft to help program their new operating system. Nathan was a big contribution to Microsoft's development team.
Melissa was working at a bank. This week they had auditors running around checking on things. One day Melissa forgot an important document on her desk. The auditors fined her for being careless with secure information. Melissa would have to save for months to pay the fine.
Kanye West went to a music festival. He asked to change the time he performed. He set up the stage at night. His light show wow'd the crowd. People raved about it online.
Jim bought a sub from the local supermarket. When he approached his car, he ended up slipping on the floor. His sandwich landed on the ground and got soaked on the ground water. He got furious and broke his car window. The alarm went off.
Selena was getting ready for an event. She put her hair up in a stylish do. Then she slipped into her beautiful dress. After slipping on her shoes, she was out. She arrived to the event with all eyes on her.
Dave wanted to learn a different language. After consulting with a tutor, Dave chose to learn Japanese. Dave really committed himself to learning Japanese. After a year Dave took a week-long trip to Japan. While in Japan, he spoke with everyone fluently!
John's buddy was nervous about going to the Navy recruiter. John tagged along as a favor to his pal. The pal asked John to go through the test and physical too. When they were done, the recruiter extended his hand. He congratulated John for making it into the Navy.
Alex thought she was a smart girl. So she enrolled in college in hopes to become an accountant. But it turns out Alex wasn't so smart and she couldn't do the work. She also decided she would rather party than go to college. One day Alex stopped going to school and became a college dropout.
Jake didn't realize he had less money than he thought. He kept using his debit card. It was finally declined. When Jake called to find out he realized he was overdrafted a lot. The fees took months to pay off.
Ava had always wanted to ride a horse. Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday. Ava was thrilled! She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up. Soon Ava was riding her horse, sobbing tears of joy!
Cory started manipulating photos and making graphics in high school. He went on to college to get his graphic design degree. He worked very hard for years, and open his own shop. Now he has a booming business and calls it Push. Cory has led a successful life.
I purchased some kettle corn popcorn. My friends wanted me to share it. I said I would only eat it for a special occasion. Time went on and my friends eagerly waited. Little did they know, I had eaten the popcorn long ago.
Today my water heater broke. I called a repairman to help fix the problem. He told me that he could not repair it and it should be replaced. I went to the store and bought a new water heater. The water heater works great and I am glad I got a new one.
Teddy was flying home after his mom's funeral. He was in a bad mood so he was drinking. Soon he got out of hand and began acting loud. The flight attendant tried to calm him down. Luckily he sobered up before too long.
Jan was cleaning her bathroom. She hated scrubbing the tub! But she gritted her teeth and did it. Soon it was done. She rewarded herself with a bubble bath!
Johnny was a middle school student. He never tied his shoes. All of his classmates recognized him for his untied shoes. Johnny eventually tripped and broke his arm. He never left his shoes untied again.
Lynn's parents told her that they were moving. She was bereft at having to leave her friends. She said a tearful goodbye to her best pals. At her new school, it took awhile to become comfortable. Soon however she had made new friends.
Ray had just converted to Judaism. He wanted to cover his head with the traditional yarmulke. But he feared his Christian family wouldn't approve. Bravely, Ray donned his yarmulke and prepared for criticism. But his family shocked him by warmly accepting his new look!
Eddie and Carol were on their way home, driving across the country. There was no reason for them to get home right away. They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim, everyday. It was a hot summer, and those hours spent swimming cooled them off. These lake breaks made the trip longer, but well worth it.
I went to the park to play baseball. I met up with a lot of my friends there and we split into two teams. Each team had nine players on it. My team scored first with a home run. My team won the game in convincing fashion.
Timmy was playing with his toys. His mother called his name. He did not respond, until she pulled him into the car. They were off to see the the doctor. The doctor checked his ear and said "You have a lot of ear wax!
Amber was painting her nails on the couch. Her friend opened the door. The sound startled Amber. She jerked her head up to look. Amber accidentally painted her whole toe with nail polish.
John all night doing his home work. He was glad to finish it and go to bed. John woke up to find his homework had been torn to pieces. His dog had eat his homework. John was furious and spent the morning doing his homework again.
Steve was upset about something his friend Sue did. He decided to let it all out to their mutual friend Mary. He wrote out a long spiel about how mad he was with Sue. After text after text, he realized he was sending them to Sue. He decided he'd always double check recipients before ranting.
Harry challenged Fred to a game of tennis. Harry knew he was better than Fred because he played a lot. Harry didn't know that Fred practiced this time. Fred scored a point ahead of Harry. Harry was shocked!
Marge wanted to teach her kids the value of saving. She promised to give a dollar for every dollar they saved. Soon, the kids had big bank accounts, while Marge's was depleted. Marge wondered where her kids got the dollars she was matching. Then, she heard them borrowing from pals with a promise of interest.
Carl went to sit down one day. The chair broke and he fell down. Carl was embarrassed in front of coworkers. He told his boss about it. The company got him a new chair the same day.
Tom worked at the ranch. He bought a new pair of boots. They were stiff and needed to be broken in. It took Tom several days to properly break them in. After that they fit incredibly well on him.
Allie looked in her stocking. She saw something. She noticed she got beats. They were black. Allie gave her parents a hug.
Jim went to play ultimate Frisbee with his girlfriend. They tossed a disc around for hours at the park. Finally they formed a team with some people at the park. They played for hours. Jim and his girlfriend were completely drenched in sweat afterwards.
There are lots of wine clubs. Some of the clubs have great wine. Also some of the clubs have bad wine. Make sure you try a lot of clubs before committing to one. That's what Tammy did  and is enjoying it.
The talent show was coming up at Kate's school. One of the teachers was retiring. Everyone loved the teacher. Kate and her friends sang a song in honor of the teacher. The teacher was brought to tears.
Tom started dating his coworker Ariana. Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami. Tom denied the allegations. The girl from Miami confronted Tom at his job. Tom got caught in his lie.
Today I got to learn my grandmother's secret recipe for cookies. These cookies had always been my favorite. They took a very long time to make. However me and my grandmother had fun making them. Boy, were those cookies worth the wait.
When my daughter was eight she found Chinese gum. The flavor was intense but short lived. She introduced the gum to her friends, who loved it. She is now trying to market it to American customers. She is talking to a company this week.
Megan wanted to take her family on a vacation. She couldn't afford much so she had to apply some tricks. After researching blogs online she found some cheaper options. Soon she had mapped out an entire trip with affordable costs. The best part is that her family loved their trip.
Gina's mom promised they would go home in 3 days. But 4 days had passed. She asked her mother again. Her mother yelled at her for asking. She was tired of being asked when they were leaving.
Josh and his family were at their house. All of a sudden the tornado sirens started going off. They all crowded in the hall bathroom. Luckily no damage was done. It was a day to remember.
Nadia found a map of a hidden treasure near her school. She told her best friend and they agreed to go on the hunt together. Their journey landed them on the cranky old neighbors backyard. They dug up a chest and were excited for all their hard work to pay. When they opened the chess an underwear fell and a note with a smile.
Sean was in a bad mood. And he realized that his room was a mess. He decided to clean up and organize everything. And his room looked beautiful. And Sean was in a bad mood less often.
Some of Dan's cobblestones had grass growing between them. His neighbors commented on how unsightly it appeared to be. Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass. After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die. Dan's cobblestone walkway now is grass free.
Kay's class went on a visit to a farm. They were allowed to try to milk the cows. Kay was gentle but firm, and managed to get milk! The farmer commended her success! Kay felt very proud of herself.
Trevor wanted to be a puppeteer. He purchased a top-quality marionette from a thrift store. As it was used, its strings were tangled. Trevor never managed to quite solve the untangling process. Trevor ended up having to buy a brand new marionette instead.
Ashley was not a very good friend. She was negative when she spoke to her friends. She made them feel bad, not good. On Tuesday, her friends all told her they didn't like her anymore. Ashley decided she needed to work on her attitude.
Keisha eyed the big wheeled wonder as she rode in the car. She begged her parents to stop and let her view it. As they stopped, she convinced them to take her on a ride. They waited in line for hours. Finally, she got to enjoy her first ride on the wondrous Ferris wheel.
I confided in a friend about how I always lose focus of my dreams. I forget it through the countless possibilities that each day holds. He told me, Ryan you mustn't live trapped in loops. I reflected on that throughout the day when he left. Tomorrow came, and today is the new beginning of my changes.
Amy was born into a poor family. They barely had anything. She often had to go without eating and clean clothes. One day Amy had enough with the misery. Amy killed herself in her room to escape the misery.
Tina decided to stay home and have a cleaning day on Sunday. She vacuumed and washed floors. She also made the bed as well. When she wa done she was relieved. She definitely wanted to try again.
Alex had to write a book report. He started by reading his favorite book. While he read, he took a lot of notes. When he was done, he wrote the book report. He presented it in class the next morning.
The school called asking for enrollment papers. I was very confused as to why they would need them. I looked through the files in the cabinet. I pulled my son's file and took it to school. When I got there, they said they accidentally called me.
Janet planted pumpkin seeds in the spring. The seeds started to grow. Janet watered the plants. Small pumpkins started growing on the plants. In the fall, Janet had dozens of giant pumpkins for Halloween.
Gina's family stopped for gas on a road trip. Gina was tired and didn't want to get out of the car. She tried to go back to sleep. Just before she drifted off she realized she should use the restroom. She exited the car, and walked across the cold parking lot.
I was watching a movie alone last night. I decided to drink some wine while I did. Before I knew it I was three glasses in. I passed out and fell asleep on the couch. I never found out how the movie ended.
Lillian had always been rich. She went from her rich family to a rich husband. Now that she was divorced and penniless, she was dismayed. She had to find a job and work for the first time of her life. But after a few years, she was proud of herself, and doing well.
Ned was afraid he was going to lose his house after being fired. Ned spoke of his concerns to his friend Saul. Saul had a daring plan to rob a bank. The pair donned masks and took guns to commit the crime. While trying to get away, Ned was shot and killed.
Ron had trouble sleeping. And the wind made it worse. Its howling and screeching unnerved him. So he decided to turn the lights on. But the noises were too frightening.
There was a big sports game. The home team lost and people got very angry. People started yelling and started a riot. People were trashing stores and stealing products. The police had to get involved.
Joe's cable stopped working. So Joe called his company and they were sending a cable guy tomorrow. The cable guy arrived in the afternoon. He fixed the cable in a hour. Joe's cable now worked.
Jane noticed a wet spot on her garage floor. She didn't recognize the liquid. She figured it was her car. She took it to a mechanic. The mechanic confirmed her concerns and fixed the problem.
Joe was playing quarterback in a football game. Joe was tackled by a lineman. He was slow to his feet. As soon as Joe got up he fell right back down. Joe had to be carted off the field.
Our daughter and her family visited from NYC last week. We had breakfast before they left. They were going to leave from the restaurant. She forgot her cross, so they drove back to our home to get it. She said she felt naked without the cross.
I used to be honest about everyone I knew. One day I told the world about my best friend Tracy's love life. Tracy stopped speaking to me. I regretted what I did . Tracy forgave me when George Lucas bought the rights to his story.
I was reading the novel Vanity Fair last week. My wife was out food shopping. She texted me asking if I wanted beer or ale. I said any ale, but texted her later asking for English beer. Unfortunately she did get the text and I got domestic beer.
Brian competed in a soccer skills competition. He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones. His shooting skills were terrific too! Brian took second place at the competition. Brian decided to practice more so he could take first place next year.
Tom was out with friends. They were drinking at a club. Tom was drinking too much and being annoying. His friends decided to leave without him. Tom didn't realize for over half an hour.
I went and got into the truck. The man was a stranger. He said his name was Greg, and he would take care of me. He took me into his home. I hoped I would be happy there.
Kara was babysitting her cousin. She decided to take her to the park. There, she spun her on the spinning toy. Suddenly, her cousin fell and her forehead started bleeding. Kara carried her quickly back home to get help.
Caitlyn cousin was moving from Las Vegas to Sacramento. Her cousin had a truck and was driving there. But didn't want to go alone. So Caitlyn went to Las Vegas to drive with her cousin. They drove towards Sacramento and had a good trip.
Norm played guard on his school's football team. When he got in his stance, he felt stinging in his right hand. A bee had stung Norm's hand, and he went to the sideline. Coach took some chewing tobacco out of his mouth. He put the tobacco on Norm's hand, and the stinging got better.
Tim was at an antique store. He was a bit pre-occupied and not paying attention. Tim bumped into some items. One fell and shattered on the floor. Tim had to pay for the expensive antique.
Jane had a pet bird. She went going on vacation. Jane asked her friend to feed her bird for her. When she got back she noticed her bird had died. Jane's friend forgot to feed it.
Lisa has been switching jobs every year. She was never fired. She just never liked any one job. Her latest job is as a receptionist for a bank. We're really hoping she doesn't quit this one.
Amy worked from home taking phone calls. There was a caller who had unreasonable demands. Amy attempted to help the best she could. The lady was irate and hung up to call and speak with someone else. Amy let her coworkers in the chat room now so they would be prepared.
The swing set in the backyard was falling apart. Steve decided to take it apart. He removed the slide from one side. The entire structure collapsed. It ended up being a much easier job than he had expected.
While recovering from a stroke, I was in a wheelchair. I was able to walk after 5 weeks, using a hemi walker. At home, I switched to a quad cane, then a mini quad cane. When I got to use a regular cane I lined everything up. My son took a photo of all the equipment and posted it on FB.
Bob had a job. It paid only in commission. This made his job stressful. He decided to quit. He got a salary job and reduced his stress.
Anna bought a dress she liked online She thought she will wear it for a get together she had arranged When the dress arrived, it did not flatter her figure at all She was disappointed about the purchase Luckily Anna's sister lent her a dress which was perfect for her
The teacher told me it was okay to move. Sometimes the ball was to far away to hit. I had been practicing only moving my arm. I did not learn much. This was at our country club.
I got my son nerf guns for his birthday. After I got home from work last night he ambushed me. He started shooting as soon as I walked through the door. I dove and dodged and jumped behind the couch. There I had my hidden nerf gun hidden and fired back.
They had this wine tasting at the store. I tried a few different ones there. They had a really good red wine. I am not usually a red wine drinker. This one had a nice crisp taste to it.
I was walking to my office complex. I noticed that all of the lights were off. I walked inside and I was confused because it was a workday. Suddenly, all of the lights turned on and confetti flew everywhere. My coworkers through a surprise party for my birthday.
Misty wanted to join the beauty pageant to win 1st prize. But first she had to qualify. To qualify she had to wear three different dresses and score greatly. She qualified and for the competition she had to perform a dance. Misty did not win any prize but she plans on joining future pageants.
Mary stopped at a stop sign on her way home from work. She witnessed someone run through the stop sign and get pulled over. The cop gave the person a ticket. Mary decided to be more cautious so she wouldn't miss any stop signs. She didn't miss any on the rest of the drive home.
Allie and her friends got together. They decided to have a gift exchange. They spent very little. When Allie liked her present, her friend was happy. Allie was glad they had this.
Monica had just cooked spaghetti. She was carrying a bowl of it over to the table. Suddenly, she tripped. The bowl fell and the spaghetti went everywhere. Monica hurried to clean it all up.
Kate and her friend were downtown shopping for clothes. But it was noon and it was time for lunch. It was Kate's first time at the food court at a mall. She had never seen so many fast food restaurants in one place. Kate was as happy as a kid on Christmas morning.
Bob wanted to become a carpenter. He went to his local union. He filled out an apprenticeship application. He was accepted as an apprentice. After five years of training, he became a carpenter.
We all went to the fair yesterday. The kids really enjoyed the rides. They kept going on the same ones over and over. Finally we got them to go eat some food. Then it was right back to the rides.
Dean met a man on the street that said he needed help. He felt bad for him, so he gave him a job at his church. The next day, Dean entered the church and was shocked. Everything of value was stolen! Dean never saw the man again.
Katy saved every penny she got in change in a big jar. When the jar was full she took it in to be counted. Katy had ended up saving over six hundred dollars in pennies. Katy decided to put the money in a savings account to draw interest. Katy still receives checks from her bank from that small investment.
Samuel has to be at school at eight o' clock. Samuel doesn't feel well. Samuel doesn't think that he will be able to go to school. Samuel tells his mother. Samuel's mother says it is okay if he misses school.
Penny lost her pet cat. She went around town asking people if they saw the cat. She also put up posters with a reward if anyone finds it. Penny received a call from someone who found her cat. Penny went to pick up her cat and gave the person a reward.
Andy liked swimming. He went in the wave pool at the waterpark. This was different from his previous swimming experience. He didn't like how this felt! He decided to swim back to the edge of the pool.
I was working when I got a call from the mall. My son was caught shoplifting. The mall decided to press charges. My son went to prison for one month. Luckily, he learned his lesson and improved his ethics.
Tina bought some wing sauce. It was very spicy. It was so spicy she couldn't stand it. Tina had to return it. She nearly had a heartattack.
Herman was a bicycle racer. He kept his bike in tip-top condition. On the day of a race the bike lost a vital piece. Herman knew it was sabotage. He repaired the bike himself and won the race anyway.
Heather had adopted a tiny underfed kitten from a shelter. He was so fragile as she warned her children many times. She was so worried that her kids would be to rough. To her delight she saw the children gently care for the animal. She was very proud of their good hearts.
Rachel and her best friend Cindy got chosen by Ben and jerry's. Ben and jerry's chose Rachel and Cindy to pick a new ice cream flavor. The girls were super excited. After trying many flavored the girls decided on a blueberry pie. Their ice cream was delicious.
Janet was planning on sushi for dinner all day. She had a long day at work. Her stomach was roaring. At the sushi bar, she realized she left her wallet at work. Now she can't have sushi.
Sidney got a great new job. Her office had a beautiful view. It overlooked the bay and the bridge. Sidney loved looking up from her desk and taking in the view. It made her days much more productive.
Kelly had been with her company for eight years. She finally applied for a promotion. And she was denied! The next year though, her boss called her in for a private conference. There, she was given a promotion - and a raise!
Our friends built a cabin from spare wood. They were very proud of it. They let friends and family stay in it from time to time. One set of friends accidentally burned down the cabin. Now my friends are very sad and have to start rebuilding.
Oliver had just visited the beach with his family. There they found some amazing shells on the beach. Oliver wrapped them up carefully to take them home. Unfortunately, an ice chest tipped onto the bundle in the car. When he got home, he found his shells broken to pieces.
My girlfriend and I like watching movies. Unfortunately we can never choose one. We scroll through netflix for a long time. Neither of us wants to pick something the other doesn't like. Maybe that's what love is.
Ashley is a first year teacher. Today is her first day teaching sixth grade math. She is nervous to start talking in front of everyone. She got over her nerves and introduced herself to the class. Before long she was confident and became a great teacher.
The family grew lots of basil in their garden. They picked it and put it in a food processor. They blended it up with cheese and olive oil. It made some delicious pesto. They couldn't wait to cook with it!
Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer. He showed her how to open a browser. He showed her how to send messages on instant messenger. Lee answered all of her questions. He pondered the wisdom in it when she later spammed him with cat gifs.
Alison was getting ready for the ball. The ball was in an hour. She got her hair and makeup done. It was taking forever. Alison ended up being late.
Tired of her mundane life, Idaly moved to the city. She rented an apartment downtown. It was small. She didn't care. She was looking forward to her new life.
Susie needed a new apartment. She looked around for a long time. Finally she found one. Only problem was that it was expensive. She didn't know how she could afford it.
Amy was afraid to spend the night away from home. She had been invited to a sleepover but almost refused to go! Then her mom talked her into going. Amy ended up having a wonderful time. She couldn't wait for her next sleepover!
Brad Stevenson scaled a prison yard fence and ran to the prison. He then climbed  pipe and became trapped on the back of building. Being trapped he had no other choice but to call 9 1 1. He told the police gang members were trying to kill him. The police thought he was high until men with knives showed up.
Lea had a boyfriend whom she adored. One day, her boyfriend told her it was over. She was so sad and brokenhearted. She went and tattooed his name on her arm. She quickly regretted it and had it removed.
My wife tried to buy organic applesauce. She went to the supermarket last week. The stock had expired, so she left. She came back yesterday and the stock had not been replaced. She told the csr.
I couldn't find a parking spot at a festival I went to. So I got on the internet and searched for places I could park. I didn't want to pay much money. Then I got a great idea. I ended up parking in a RV park for free.
Annie has a pet dog. She loves her dog very much. Her dog became very sick. She had to put the dog down. Annie is not sure she will ever love a dog as much again.
Sam was drinking with friends. They wanted to see who was the strongest. They decided to arm wrestle. Everyone went against everyone. At the end Sam won.
There was this amazing coffee shop by my house. I used to go there every morning before work. They always had the best prices and the strongest coffee beans. They closed down last week, I was told they went out of business. Now I have to find somewhere else to get my coffee.
George and his friend landed a new job. Their new job was an hour away. Gas prices were pretty high. George and his friend decided to carpool with each other. They both saved a lot of money driving into work together.
It was finally fixed. It was a construction project. They had been working on it for months. It was a lane that was partly on the water. The closest exit was a mile away.
Wallace one day ate some very bad cheese. He didn't realize it, and was fine until halfway through work. He started to hallucinate though and had bad sweats. Wallace's work lost him, and no one could find Wallace for hours. At the end of the work day, he finally came back, with a new dog.
Ellen had a huge crush on her classmate Evan. She wanted to go to prom with him very badly! But Evan was very shy and he just couldn't ask her. Finally, Ellen decided to ask him herself. To her shock and joy, Even accepted her offer quickly and gladly!
The little girl asked her daddy to read her a bedtime story. He didn't feel like reading, so he made a story up. In it, she was a beautiful princess. Everything in her life was happy and good. As she fell asleep, she told him she hoped it would come true.
John was driving down the road one day. He heard a loud popping noise and pulled over his car. He realized he had a flat tire and changed it with a spare one. He drove to the nearest tire shop and bought a new tire immediately. Afterwards, he went home with a sigh of relief.
Ted's apartment was a mess with dog hair everywhere. His friends had begun to refuse coming over because of it. Taking out his vacuum cleaner, he began going over every surface. Three hours in, he had filled all of the bags he purchased. Sitting down to relax, he decided to just hire a cleaning crew.
I went on a scary coaster yesterday. I was very nervous. As soon as it took off I was screaming. I wanted it to end badly. I realized I would never go back.
Andrew wanted to make a short film. Andrew wrote a script. He got a camera. Got some actors and began to film. Andrew showed his friends and family the film and they enjoyed them.
Lew's tenants had not paid rent for months, and he had to evict them. He was dismayed to find they also hadn't paid the sewer bill. He was in debt to the company for quite a large sum. He had to sell the house for a pittance to cover the past due bill. The entire experience made him re-think ever renting property again.
I was watching now a movie during the afternoon. I was simply trying to relax. All of the sudden however, I started falling asleep. I was very tired. I ended up missing the entire movie.
Jane loves music. She recently purchased tickets to a concert. On the night of the concert she received an emergency call. Her boss needed her to come to work a hour before the concert. Jane rushed to the office and was twenty minutes late to the concert.
I found a turtle in the street today. It had a hurt leg. I took it home and fixed up its leg. I nursed it back to health for a week. At the end of the week I returned it to the wild.
I prepared my chicken teriyaki sub in the kitchen. Once I tried to sit near the table, The chair broke in half. I fell heavily and the sandwich dropped on the ground. Once my brother helped me get up, he took me to the hospital. I was diagnosed with a sprained knee.
Bryan planned to celebrate New Year's with his buddies. They decided to have a big party at home. On New Year's Eve, they drank a lot of alcohol. They party until 3 in the morning. Bryan was very hungover on the first day of the new year.
Jeremy was at a punk concert with friends. Someone convinced him to get a tattoo. They had ink from a pen and a hot needle. Jeremy braced himself, and let them make the tattoo. It was painful and the tattoo didn't really come out well.
Billy liked Christmas songs. But didn't know what a turtle dove was. He like turtle and knew they were green and had a shell. He also knew what a dove was, a type of bird. So he decided that 12 drummers drumming was a better part of the song.
Lisa didn't feel well but she had to play goalie in her soccer game. She took cold medicine and drank OJ to help her feel better. She got to the game and started to feel better. She stopped the other team from scoring and her team won. She was glad she played even though she didn't feel 100%.
Lisa had never played paintball. I took Lisa to play for her first time. When I shot her with a paint ball she began to cry. The paintball left a bruise. Lisa says she will never play paintball with me again.
Courtney's dog was tiny. He needed a special harness. Courtney put it on him carefully. They went for a short walk. The harness helped control the little dog.
Meghan is a poor tennis player. She always misses the ball. One day, she hired a trainer. She practiced hard every day. Now, Megan is a great tennis player.
Kendall flew to New York with her sister Kim to go on an audition. The audition was for modeling in a runway show. Kendall was nervous but Kim encouraged her. Unfortunately Kendall got so nervous she stood up her audition. Kim was furious that she wasted their time.
I learned to bowl when I was 11. My dad took me bowling when he was in town. I wasn't very good but kept trying. After a while, I got my own ball and played on junior leagues. I kept bowling for 50 years.
Jackson was riding his bike along the side of the road. He saw a tiny baby turtle walking in the middle of the street. Jackson picked up the turtle. He placed it in the grass along the side of the road. He watched as it walked away from him into the tall grass.
Kelly loved trying new recipes on her friends. She made a deep dish pizza for them. Mark liked the pizza so much that he ate five slices. Mark got very sick. Mark had to be taken home to recover.
I decided to take a magnesium tablet. But I didn't immediately notice any effects. But when it was bed time, I couldn't sleep. I wondered why I had so much energy. Then I thought it might have been the magnesium tablet.
Zack is riding his skateboard down the sidewalk. A running is coming toward him. Zack stops and moves into the grass. The runner runs by Zack and waves. Zack begins riding again.
Albert was just assigned the lead in the school play. He was excited but also very nervous at the same time. He made sure not to forget any lines. As rehearsal came, he nailed it. After the actual show he got so much applause.
Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. He was embarrassed because he knew his friends would make fun of him. So, he decided he was going to take a class a town over. On his first day, Ben walked into class and was shocked. There in the studio was his best friend Alex ready to start the class!
Joe wanted to go to see his friend. Unfortunately, he had already promised his mum he'd help her shopping. Joe then told his sister, Sally, that his mum wanted help shopping. Their mum then decided to take both of them along. Joe learned that he would have been better off just going alone.
My sister in law's husband died in late November. She is still trying to cope. She felt she missed him while doing errands today. Her older sister went over to help her feel better. We made plans to see her soon.
My wife's coworker has a daughter. She had a photo of her daughter in her wedding dress on her desk. On Wednesday her daughter came in to see her mom. My wife said she looked exactly like her mom. She looked very different in the wedding photo.
My cousin wrenched her shoulder in 1996. She had parked her van and was unhitching her 2 year old twins. The van shifted into neutral and started moving. She drove her shoulder into the van door to stop it. She was sore for a week.
Sean woke up one morning comfy in bed. Suddenly he realized that he was almost late for work. He got out of bed thinking it was already hopeless. Still he speed around getting ready quickly. Luckily he made it in time.
John always bragged to his friends about doing reckless things. He often did dangerous and illegal things. Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store. As he walked out with the coat however, a guard stopped him. John got arrested, and he learned not to do illegal things anymore.
Harry was hungry. But he didn't feel like cooking or preparing food. So he asked his younger sister to make a sandwich for him. But she complained about how she always made food for him. Harry screamed and threw stuff until his sister made the sandwich.
Jack was running in the park with his dog. His dog loved chasing birds. The dog broke free of the leash to chase some birds in the park. Jack chased his dog for a mile before he caught the dog. Jack and his dog took a rest in the grass.
Chuck wanted to learn guitar. He headed to the nearest music shop. Chuck asked some advice from one of the employees. He found the perfect guitar for himself. Chuck now takes guitar lessons three times a week.
Julian wanted to find more fun things to do with his son. One day he realized he had never flown a kite with his son. Julian went to the store and bought two terrific kites. They spent the rest of the weekend flying kites together. Julian was so happy that he had thought of this idea!
Dan noticed some of the framing around his house falling down. In some places the wood was actually touching the ground. Dan purchased some carpentry nails and went about fixing it. He spent weeks going around his house with his hammer. Now all the framing is back in place where it should be.
Nala met a cute guy at the mall. He asked her for coffee. They went to the food court together. They sat and chatted over their coffee. Then he asked Nala for a date, and she agreed!
Julie is a good teacher and she gets excited about her lesson plans. Lately she has been having cough attacks while teaching. She tries to talk and teach right through them, but she can't. She went to a doctor for a checkup. Julie found out she has a lung disease.
Last week we went with some friends to the zoo. The weather was very hot. We saw a lot of animals at the zoo. We also got to play at the playground! We had a very nice day at the zoo.
My son had a bad cold and now I have it as well. Unfortunately my nose is very red and runny. I also have a terrible headache which makes me grumpy. I will spend the afternoon sleeping in bed and watching television. I hope that this rest will help me recover quickly.
The governor of my state was well liked. Suddenly, it was found out that he accepted some bribes. The state investigated and he was thrown out of office. He also went to jail shortly after. Now people don't like him the way they used to.
Ann was feeling blue. Her husband decided to cheer her up. He took her for dinner. Then they went to a comedy club. The funny comedian made Anna laugh heartily!
Tim always got into trouble. His parents were tired of his shenanigans. They weren't good parents to begin with. Eventually they couldn't deal with him anymore. Tim got kicked out.
Jack bought a sampler to produce hip hop beats. He needed music samples, so he had to buy records to record. He drove to the local thrift store and looked over the records there. He found a few records that he was interested in and bought them. Jack brought the new records home and made music with them all night.
Warren had always loved eating poached eggs at restaurants. One day he decided to trying poaching an egg at home. He found a recipe and followed it closely. The poached egg came out perfectly! Now Warren enjoys poached eggs at home every weekend.
Sean was supposed to go to his girlfriend's house after work. As he left he noticed rain begin to pour. He decided to run through the rain. He became soaking wet as he ran. Finally, he made it to the house and took cover inside.
Megan and her friend really wanted to go to an amusement park. The park they chose to go to was one that they grew up going to. When they got there, they quickly realized something. Now that they were older, the park was not as fun. Megan and her friend laughed as they realized the park was for kids.
We went with our grandparents to dinner. They were so excited to take us to their favorite place. All the waitresses knew them there. They ordered the same thing every time. I'm not going to lie, it was pretty amazing.
Kacie was playing softball for her PE class. She had never played before but was enthusiastic. Her team was doing well so far, and they were playing the last game. They ended up winning the game with a great score. Kacie decided that she loved softball and wanted to play on the team.
Millie had to buy a new pair of pants. All of her other pants were worn and out of style. She looked in several stores. She finally found a pair she liked. Millie promptly began to wear them.
I went to a costume party. I glued leaves to my head. I also wore a green cape. Everyone laughed at my costume. However, I won first prize in the costume contest.
Melanie was afraid to go away to camp. She thought she would be lonely and homesick. But when she got to camp, she was surprised. Everyone was nice and she made many new friends! Melanie had such a great time, she didn't want to come home!
I had a stroke in October of 2011. I was unable to walk. I was in rehab for five weeks. I was transferred to a sub acute rehab unit. I finally started to walk after the transfer.
I have building a monster truck. It has been very expensive and time consuming. I needed sponsors to finish the project. I put ad in the paper for sponsors. I have not had any luck with the sponsors and my project has stalled.
Olivier was nervous. He was about to showcase his new collection. This was his very first time. His heart was racing. Finally when he showcased it everyone loved it.
Julie never like bath time because she always has to wash her hair. She would complain anytime it was her bath time. Julie's mother would try and wash her hair quickly. Julie decided to make a game of bath time by counting all the bubbles. Once she got the hang of her new game bath time was no longer awful.
Today was Izzy's first day of kindergarten. She did not want to go to school. She cried when her mother left her in the big classroom. Later that day, she made a new friend named Ezmie. Izzy doesn't want to leave school now.
Delilah decided to have a picnic for her three children. She packed a lunch in a basket and took them outside. She spread a blanket on the ground and said grace. The kids eagerly ate their sandwiches and fruit. The picnic was such fun she decided to do it more often.
Kendra was the best athlete in college. She won all the prizes. When it was time to find a job, she had a harder time. She applied to become a physical education teacher. She got the job, but missed being an athlete herself.
Peter and his wife lived in a small city. He was known for his famous pancake house. Peter made a special breakfast for his wife's birthday. His wife sat up and vomited all over the plate. Peter spent the rest of his day caring for his sick wife.
Matthew's front yard had a single tree in it. He decided to make his son a swing. His grandpa did the same for him when he was that age. He threw a rope over a branch and tied an old tire to it. His son swung for hours just like he did when he was a kid.
There was a merchant who sold his wares only at midnight once a week. He had the rarest gems that aren't sold anywhere else. He sold out within minutes of arriving at the location. People said he didn't have to work but did it for his son. He became a legend and was sought after by up and coming merchants.
Jerry decided to throw a house party. He waited until his parents were out of town. His friends destroyed his furniture and carpet. He was punished severely. It took him months to pay off the damage.
Erik was grilling steaks. He used some tongs to get the steaks off the grill. The first steak was too heavy for the tongs. They broke and the steak fell to the ground. Erik was so upset!
My sister in law's family went to Damariscotta, Maine. They go to a cabin there every year without fail. Her husband's boss let them use it for free. They go boating and swimming on the lake. I think they will be sad to leave.
Dan went to the cafeteria. He waited in line for a pizza. After he got out, Yuna threw a piece of her food at him. A teacher found out and asked Yuna to talk to her. She ended up giving Yuna detention.
John was at a friends house. They were making dinner together. He started to slice carrots. Then he cut his finger. His friend got him a band-aid.
Amos was very nervous before his presentation. He had to convince two opposite sides that his conclusions were right. He started his speech and instantly was booed. He left the podium in shame. And decided that this type of work was too stressful for him.
Allie was about to go kayaking. When she got to the lake they needed her ID. Unfortunately she forgot hers. So she couldn't go kayaking. She then had to walk home.
Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night. She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce. The sauce was perfect. To her surprise she spilled some and burned herself. Thankfully she had some aloe Vera nearby to heal it.
Buster had always loved going fast even from a young age. So his father took him to a race. From that point on he was certain that he wanted to race for a living. So he practiced racing down the streets of his town. Now Buster is one of the most successful racers in the world.
Quincy wandered through his garden one evening. He noticed that his shrubs had been pruned excessively thin. He inquired to his gardener O'Shea. O'Shea denied any knowledge of the thinned shrubs. It was Miss Marple, sabotaging the shrubs so her yard would be best.
Giles wasn't paying attention while he was driving. He went off the road and got stuck in a ditch. The police were called to the scene. Giles got a ticket for reckless driving. His car had to be towed away.
John was terrified of hurricanes. One day he was watching the news. There was a forecast warning of a hurricane. John ran to a shelter. The hurricane hit the same shelter he was in with full force.
Many of the trees had to be cleared for the construction. The trees piled up and started to get in the way. The owner was told that it would cost thousands to remove the trees. The owner rented a log-splitter and gathered his friends. A weekend of labor resulted in a winter's worth of firewood.
My wife always joked I was in the slug club at work. It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter. My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner. He has a group that he considers his inner circle. But since I'm in the slug club I get to enjoy great meals.
Kissie had always lived in New York and was punk rock. When she moved to Texas, she realized she'd stick out. Everyone stared at her and looked shocked at her NY style. So, she went and bought cowboy boots and hats to fit in. People stared even more because she had spiked hair with cowboy boots!
Shelly loved to visit the ocean. One day, her grandfather invited her to the beach. They walked by the shore. The waves roared and pounded on the sand. Shelly could not wait to return to visit the sea.
Rissa chose Beginner Band when entering the 6th grade. She really wanted to play the clarinet. The instrument they could get the best sound from was assigned to all. Rissa was so disappointed when the Director assigned her the flute. As Rissa practiced her flute, her disappointment soon changed to joy.
Maurice has begun arriving at work late and shirking his duties. His boss tells him to improve or there will be consequences. Maurice ignores the warning from his boss. The next day Maurice arrives at work very late. His boss tells him that he is fired.
Andy recently moved from Florida to Michigan. Just before Thanksgiving, he experienced his first snowstorm. In less than twenty-four hours, ten inches of snow had accumulated. Andy was cold, and he missed the Florida sun. He spent the entire afternoon shoveling snow from his driveway.
Jan's mom cooked her eggs every morning. Jan hated eggs. She swallowed them down to make her mom happy. One day Jan broke out in hives and had to go to the doctor. It was determined Jan was allergic to eggs and never ate them again.
It was a very mild winter. Anna and her friends wanted snow so they could sled. Then a cold front approached. It buried Anna's town in over a foot of snow! Anna was very happy that she could sled now!
Mable was a blind lady who lived in a retirement home. As an orderly, I used to bring her food, telling her jokes. One day Mabel asked to touch my face. I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks. She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago.
Jane was running late for work. She was two blocks away on a cold winter night. Part of the sidewalk had ice on it. Jane slipped and fell. She got seriously injured.
There was a man on the side of the street. He was begging for money. Many people was passing him. One person stopped. The woman gave him a million dollars.
Matt walked on to the bus looked for a seat. He could not find any open seat so he stood. A person offered his seat to Matt if he gave him $20. Matt told the person that he was being unfair. The person shrugged and ignored Matt for the rest of his ride.
Kim was waiting on AAA to pick up her car on the highway. After 4 hours she needed to use the bathroom. The lady at AAA told her no one would tow the car if they left. Kim and Gary left in his car to go to a gas station restroom. When they returned her car had finally been towed.
Jason craved a cold glass of water. He was thirsty from exercising. Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge. He went to the kitchen. He drank the cold water from the bottle in the fridge.
Martha was planning to get a new kitchen counter installed. She wanted a marble finish on it. She hired workers to redo her kitchen. When they were finished, Martha was left with a beautiful new counter. Martha used this counter everyday to cook meals for her family.
On his way to school, Jacob's backpack ripped open. All of his stuff went flying around. Jacob's book with his homework landed in a puddle. He was devastated. Jacob went to school in a bad mood.
My wife usually spends weekends at home. Today she went off with her sister babysitting. I watched a movie she would not like. Then I played music she would not like. Now I have run out of ideas.
Stacy bought a new home. She started decorating it right away. She changed all the paint colors and carpet. It was starting to feel like home. She couldn't wait to invite all her friends and family over to see it.
Donna ordered a pizza to be delivered. It had been a while and the pizza hadn't arrived. There was a knock at the door. It was the pizza delivery man. He told Donna that he had gotten lost on the way.
Aaron cooked some pasta. He left the pot on too long. The pasta burned. The fire alarm went off. Everyone ran from the building.
Ryan was ten Year's old, and wished he was a superhero. Instead he had cancer and spent a lot of time in the hospital. He lay in his hospital bed one day, very depressed. Suddenly Superman stepped into his room! It was just a man dressed up as Superman, but he made Ryan smile.
My Grandma is out of her hair tape. She uses it to keep her hair in place while she sleeps. She got to Sally's but they are out. The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about. Grandma doesn't know what to do, she hates messy hair.
Jill had recently started a new job. Her boss was having a holiday party. She really wanted to make a good impression. It was going well until she tripped, spilling red wine everywhere. Fortunately it was on a tile floor so there was no permanent damage.
Joe and Teresa were at the bar watching their team play football. Their team played terribly the entire first half of the game. Joe and Teresa were sad and considered calling it a night. Their team completely rocked the second half! Joe and Teresa changed their minds and celebrated the night!
All her life, Molly had wanted a horse. When she was an adult, she started taking riding lessons. She learned how to ride on an older horse named Beau. One day, Beau went up for sale. Molly was able to buy Beau and she finally had her horse!
We went to a casino last Saturday. Curtis lost over a hundred dollars on the slot machines in an hour. We couldn't find a place that had arcades for kids. Eventually, we found a small one with little kid games. We went home having won nothing.
Clive noticed his drums sounding a bit off at the last gig. Inspecting the drum heads, he came across a device in the snare. Someone had been listening in on their songs! Not the most practical place for it, but it could be a threat. He investigated acquaintances to see if someone stole their material.
I was awakened one night by a creaking floor board. I shot up from the bed, fumbling for the bedside lamp. I clicked the lamp but the light didn't turn on. I heard the creak again. Suddenly I heard laughing, but it was the cackle of my little brother.
Tim's internet service went up in price. He no longer had a promotional deal. Tim decided to call to cancel. The person over the phone offered Tim a new deal. Tim accepted it.
Ken was dying for the VR headset for his PS4 gaming system. But even on eBay, they were hard to find and very pricey! His wife Anna tried, but she just couldn't afford the headset. Instead, she bought Ken a similar Virtual Reality set for his phone. To her relief, Ken was very happy with the gift!
Susie was stuck inside all day. It was raining. Her dad was listening to the radio. It was really boring. She didn't want to be there.
Jack brought home a  family meal with fried chicken. He made a plate and started to eat. One of his front teeth chipped when he tried to eat the biscuit. He immediately threw it away and called his dentist. They arranged a time to meet in order to discuss the accident.
Diane and her brother often fought over their shared phone. Diane did not like sharing a phone with her brother at all. Her parents explained she could get her own phone in a few months. She decided to get a job and save up to buy her own phone. A few weeks later Diane bought her own personal phone.
Rea loved holidays and her favorite was the fourth of July. Rea went to the store and bought a full outfit of red, white and blue. Her shirt and her pants had American flags on them. Rea wore her new outfit to her local fireworks display. She got her picture in the local magazine with her outfit.
Tommy and Bill were roommates. Tommy had planned on going to the store. Tommy asked Bill if he needed anything from the store. Bill replied he needed oranges. Tommy brought home oranges from the store.
I tried this new coffee flavor today. It was a cinnamon bun flavor. At first I thought it was to sweet. I did get used to it after a few sips. I think I really like it.
Anna ordered chicken fingers from a pizzeria. She was starving and bit in eagerly. Then she spit out her bite. The chicken finger was almost raw! Anna called the shop and complained!
Liz realizes that her diet does not include enough water. She decides to start trying to drink more water every day. At first she finds the habit tedious. But eventually she enjoys having more water. Liz is happy that she has changed her habits.
Juliet loved her pet dog. One day, she let her dog out to play in the backyard. She went to retrieve the dog a short time later but he was gone! Juliet vigilantly put up posters in her neighborhood with a reward. Later that night, she received a phone call: her dog was found!
The Smiths volunteered to participate in a university's study. They allowed the institute to install cameras around their home. The Smiths initially felt very self-conscious around the cameras. After some months they stopped thinking about them. Now the Smiths even walk around naked in front of the cameras.
Iris put on blue contacts. She looked at herself in the mirror. She thought she looked weird. She replaced the contacts. She thought she looked better in brown.
Clay is an aspiring singer. He goes on a tv show to compete for a record deal. He advances to the very final. He gives it all but he loses in the end. Clay still is recognized from the show and offered a contract anyways.
Ben had surgery in June. He was given pain pills. He began to become addicted. His friends noticed. They made him seek help.
Jesse lost his phone. He checked everywhere for it. He looked in his closet, under his sheets, everywhere. He even retraced his steps that day. Finally he put his hand in his pocket to find his phone.
Billy wanted to buy a brand new video game. He didn't have enough money to buy it, though. He spent the next month collecting cans. He turned the cans in for cash. He went out and bought the game.
Oma was terrified of spiders, so she always had her husband kill them. Then her son, Eli, 8, changed her mind. He said spiders were innocent and shouldn't be killed! From then on, Oma called Eli to take care of any scary spiders. Eli took them outside carefully and released them!
Danny's birthday was in two days and his girlfriend got him a gift! The gift was to go to a football game. Danny was very excited and went to the game on his birthday. After the game Danny took his girlfriend out to dinner. At the end of the night Danny thought it was the best birthday ever.
I had just joined a band and we had a show that night. The lead guitarist was sick, meaning I would have to fill in. We made it through the first five songs fine. But then came a song with a difficult solo. I played box patterns really fast and the audience couldn't tell.
I've been hunting for a job for a while. Today, a recruiter called me on the phone. He asked me to come in for an interview at noon. I went to the interview. After it was over, he offered me a job.
Lenny wanted to go to Europe. He went to the United Kingdom. Someone had told him to order fish and chips. When his food arrived, he was surprised to see fries on his plate. Lenny thought the fries were good even though they were not chips.
Holly was feeling very sick. Her mother checked her temperature. They found out she had a fever. She was allowed to stay home instead of go to school. She rested the rest of the day.
My friend and I were cracking our knuckles. We loved the sound. We did it all day. One day I injured my hand cracking my knuckles. I decided to never crack my knuckles again.
Kaley was trying to comb out her hair. She realized that she had a huge rats nest in her hair. She tried to gently coax the tangles out to no avail. Finally, she decided she'd just have to rip it. With one yank she tore her hair free.
Jack was walking down the street. He stepped in something disgusting. It was sticky goo! His shoe made a sound every time he took a step. He was so disgusted he took his shoes off.
Gina wanted to make cookies. She walked to the store and bought a bag of cookie mix. Her parents, and siblings weren't at the house. Gina took the cookies from the oven and waited for them to cool. She had eaten half the cookies before her siblings returned home.
We invited my niece for a sleepover. It was her first sleepover and she was so excited. She got her clothes and books and stuffed animals all packed. She then was dropped off at our house and we played games all day. We had Sundaes for dessert and she told us it was her best day ever.
Amber liked to swing. She sat on the swing everyday at the park. One day a little boy was on the swing. Amber pushed him off. Amber's mom told her that it was not alright to be a bully.
Danny was a mechanic and worked on cars full time. He was also very forgetful and had a tendency to misplace things. One day he reached for his wrench but it wasn't where he left it. He searched his entire garage from top to bottom with no luck. Tired, Danny sat down and was surprised to find it in his back pocket.
I went to an airshow with my father the other day. We saw all the jets flying in formation. I was stunned by how awesome it was. I can't wait until I am older and can fly one. I am going to fly in an air show for my dad.
Suzy wrote a poem that impressed her teacher. The teacher asked Suzy to write another poem for an assembly. Suzy tried to write, but no words would come to her. She went to her bookcase and pulled down a book. She copied a poem to give to her teacher.
Tim sat at the salon and waited for his turn. He was a bit nervous about shaving his head. One of his best friend had shaved his head and now it was his turn. The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes. Tim sat there, stunned at his new look.
It was a lazy summer day when they set off. The river was lovely that day. They had their kayaks in the water and were paddling downstream. It was a gorgeous day. They reached the landing and pulled out their kayaks.
I was six and it was Christmas and I'd already opened all my presents. Very happy, I kissed mom and dad and went upstairs to my bedroom. I got in my nice soft bed then remembered I'd forgotten something So I got out of bed to walk to the bathroom. And then I'd swear, I saw mama kissing Santa Claus.
Tom was walking in his apartment. He tripped over the carpet and fell. He realized that he had sprained his ankle. Tom decided to wrap it up and lay off it for a while. It eventually got better on its own.
Zoe decided to go the beach one day. When she arrived she found the beach to be very crowded. She tried her best to relax but the other beach goers were too noisy. Suddenly it started raining, making the other beach goers leave. Zoe set up her beach umbrella, relaxing quietly under it in the rain.
My wife's boss is married to man named Bob. Bob had a knee replaced last Monday. He was discharged on Wednesday. Bob's leg has gotten swollen and he is seeing a doctor tomorrow. My wife had a day off tomorrow but now has to work.
Kate and her friend worked in an office together. Their job was very stressful. They were tired of working long hours. They needed a vacation. They decided they would go on a girls road trip.
I used to go free-hand rock climbing. Lots of people warned me that it was risky. I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet. I was very bruised, but I was also happy to be alive. I haven't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned.
Max decides that he spends too much money buying food at restaurants. He knows he should start cooking breakfast at home. He decides to learn how to cook an omelette. He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert. He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home.
Matthew is not allowed to eat or drink near the computer. One day, Matthew brings a glass of water near the laptop. During a moment of inattentiveness, he knocks the glass over. Water spills all over the keyboard. Matthew looses computer privileges for a month.
Amy was proud of her long blonde hair. She balked at wearing a hairnet when she got a waitress job. One day, a customer called the manager over to his table. He plucked a long blonde strand from his plate of food. Amy stood looking sheepish among the dark-haired girls in hair nets.
Maria loved riding her bike, and did it everyday. Her mother always told her to wear a helmet. She did while her mom was looking, but often took it off. One day her bike skidded sideways, and Maria cut her forehead. She regretted not listening when she had to get five stitches.
Amy didn't want to talk to her friends. She checked her phone to see 4 missed calls. She felt bad for avoiding them. But she really wanted to be alone. Besides, they would see her on Monday anyway.
Louis and Jenny were riding their bikes down the street. All of a sudden Jenny went flying over her handlebars. Her wheel had hit a big rock in the road. Louis was afraid Jenny was badly hurt, but she was just scraped up. He helped her get back on her bike to ride back home.
It was Sarah's birthday. Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace. He gave her the necklace as a present. Sarah was overwhelmed and hugged him tightly. She said it was the best gift she had ever gotten.
Lars had never been with a woman. He flew to Thailand to lose his virginity. He started having second thoughts though. He ended up going back to his hotel with a girl. They ended up just talking though.
Beth is coming home from work one day. She hears about the power ball on the local radio. She thought she would give it a try. She pays for her gas and a lottery ticket. Later that night Beth watched in amazement as she became a millionaire.
Gary recently lost 100 pounds. Gary felt so confident, and full of pride since he lost the weight. In addition, Gary knew he was much healthier than before. Gary knew he had to continue on his healthy path. Gary was glad his weight loss gave him a new attitude on life.
The family approached a small donation desk. The organization accepting donations was the American red cross. Everyone took out their wallets and donated a couple of dollars. Ben only threw a penny. He also took out a dollar to use for snacks.
Gary was the new principal at the local high school. Gary wanted to do something fun for the first day of school. Gary decided to have a pep rally in the school's gym. When the students heard about the pep rally, they were excited. Gary could not wait to have fun with his students at the pep rally.
When Poppy was growing up, she had a very special doll. She took the doll with her everywhere. As she got older, her mother tried to make her give up the doll. Poppy hid the doll so her mother couldn't find it. But Poppy's dog found the doll and chewed it to pieces.
Gina was unable to open the door to her room. The handle had fallen and was unreachable. She needed to find some other way to open the door. She looked around the room and found nothing. She sat on the radiator and waited for someone to come and help.
Bob was nearly out of food in his house. He didn't want to buy more, because he was moving soon. Bob poked through his pantry and fridge for something to eat. He combined some Ramen noodles and a hot dog and hoped for the best. It turned out Bob really enjoyed his mashed together meal.
Cory Evans found a rat in his bathroom cupboard. Although he hated rats, he didn't have the heart to kill it. He bought a humane animal trap. Cory set the trap and caught the rat. He released it in a nearby field.
Joan practiced moaning. She would moan to aggravate her friends. One day her boss heard her moaning. He gave her a warning. She found a different hobby.
Mike had a very messy room. However, he could not bring himself to clean it. He decided to reward himself with a beer if he cleaned his room. This made him finally want to do it. An hour later, Mike had a clean room and a beer in his hand.
The man smashed a pumpkin. The neighbors saw him do it. The neighbors told the cops. The cops had no choice but to look into it. The man admitted his crime.
Alissa was visiting Spain on a trip. She decided to go experience a bullfight. She was excited as the fight started. During the fight, she saw how the bull was abused. Alissa became sad and left the arena.
Daniel was terrified to debut his short film in front of an audience. The local art museum was having a film festival. He wanted the debut to be perfect. When it was time for the showing, Daniel introduced the movie. After it showed, the audience had a lot of questions about it.
Natalie had a crush on Victor. Victor thought Natalie was attractive. They started dating and spending time together. Victor got tired of Natalie. He broke up with her.
Gina had spilled her jewelry all over the floor. She gathered the jewelry and put it away. Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match. She looked for an hour, but it was no where to be seen. Gina was sad to have lost one of her favorite earrings.
I arrived at the Denver Airport late at night. It would be midnight by the time I got home. I was starving, but too tired to cook. I tried my luck at a nearby shopping center. Thanks to Jimmy John's for being open on a Sunday at midnight!
Gina, a friend, and sisters were having a picnic. They set up plates of hot dogs, cookies, and soda. Someone knocked over a cup of soda. It spilled in the grass and on the sidewalk. Gina decided it was time to clean up the picnic.
Ziggy's owners were curious about his breed. They decided to try an at home DNA test. It was important that the instructions be followed carefully. Ziggy could not eat or drink before being swabbed. Ziggy slept in his crate so his mouth would be ready in the morning.
Rodney always wanted to see some fossils. He decided to visit his local museum. Luckily, his local museum was hosting a huge fossil exhibit. They even let him touch the fossils. Rodney left satisfied seeing relics of an ancient time.
Tina was walking in the neighborhood. All the sudden she saw an ice cream truck. Tina went up to it. She really wanted to get something. She ended up getting a pop.
Logan loved to knit. He made socks for each of his siblings. They were so happy to receive the socks. They wore them every day. Logan felt accomplished because they had loved his socks.
Shannon was moving to Beverly Hills. She had won the lottery and bought a mansion. She felt like she didn't fit in. Everyone else was very thin and beautiful. Shannon decided to go back to Kentucky and be herself.
George was really thirsty. He looked all over his house for drink. He couldn't find any juice. He couldn't find any soda. He settled on water.
Kay was at a hotel and her phone was almost dead. She panicked when she realized she'd forgotten her charger! Then she remembered she had a spare battery in her purse. Kay was so relieved! She switched the batteries and continued using her phone.
Jill wanted to be an astronomer. She thought the sky was a beautiful, wonderful place. She was very bad at physics, however. She failed to become an astrophysicist. She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead.
Katy wanted salsa for lunch. She could not get the jar open. Katy was very frustrated with the stuck jar. She decided to have pickles instead. Then Katy could not get the pickle jar open.
Lily drove into town for some errands. While she was there, she bought a large iced coffee to go. It was delicious and refreshing and she couldn't wait to finish it. She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys. She drove home and the coffee fell off and spilled.
Mindy didn't like her work at all. She was grumpy when she woke up, at work and back home at night. She decided it was time to change her life. She decided to move to a new city. There she found a better job that satisfied her needs.
Randy was on a low calorie diet. And it made him feel better than ever. But he was used to eating more often. And he lost control after his mom brought home donuts. Randy regret not sticking to his diet plan.
Steve and his aunt had a falling out years ago. Soon after she died, he helped his dad clean out her house. He felt weird being there, knowing she hadn't liked him. Up in the attic, he found a sealed letter with his name on it. To his surprise, the letter was an apology from his aunt.
The rebels set up their mortars. The fired them into the village. The village people evacuated. The village caught on fire. The entire north half of the village burnt down.
Jill had recently graduated from college. She wanted to get a job in the medical industry. She applied to hundreds of different hospitals. She got denied because they required a graduate degree. Jill eventually went back to school to try and get her masters.
Tia saw the new girl get pushed around at recess. She thought about pretending she hadn't seen. But then she decided to do the right thing. Tia went out and helped the girl to her feet, kindly. Afterwards, she felt good about her behavior.
Anna was making cookies for her mom's birthday. She set them in the oven to bake. Then she went to read and watch TV. Just in time, she remembered to remove the cookies! Anna was lucky to save them from burning!
Spencer was in a classroom. The presenter told them to do something. They signed up for an organization. Spencer asked how much it costs. The presenter said it was important.
Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.
Emily could not wait to watch the fireworks display. She loved watching the colors as they exploded in the air. She sat in her chair looking at the sky. The anticipation of waiting made it all the better. She watched in awe as the first firework finally exploded.
One day the Denzer family decided to track their ancestry. Mr Denzer found out he was descended from George Washington. He was very proud of this. So were the kids. Everyone thought it was cool.
Nita needed gravel for her new fish tank. She went to the beach. She scooped up some small stones and gravel. Then she took them home and boiled them. When they cooled, she put them in her fish tank.
Rocky was a medical school student. He had gone through his residency. Rocky was about to perform his first surgery. Rocky was scared of messing up. Rocky completed the surgery with perfection.
Rachel recently joined the art school. She is not used to having less homework. She told me that she does not think that art school is fulfilling. I told her I understood, but I do not think I was much help. She said that she will probably switch into the business school.
A few weeks ago all my friends went on a trip. They went to a different country together to have fun. While they were there they took a lot of pictures. When they got back, they showed me all the pictures they took. My friends really had a fun time abroad!
Pattie wants to vote democrat. But her dad is an extreme republican. He told her he'd disown her if she continues to support democrats. Pattie held her ground against her dad and will remain a democrat. Her father has decided to disown her and they are no longer speaking.
The kids wanted to go swimming. They needed to get permission first. Their mother told them they could go in. Everyone had a lot of fun in the pool. The kids went swimming and played games.
Our granddaughter is coming to visit next week. She is only two, and lives far away. My wife was working so I decided to clean up. I vacuumed the carpet and picked up the living room. This was hard as I am disabled, but I was glad to clean up.
Carly and her mom were driving across the country. For the first half of the trip, things went well. In the middle of the drive, an argument began. Carly yelled at her mom and got out of the car. Her mom had to apologize and talk to her before they could go.
Roger was hiking in the mountains. He came upon a flock of birds. The flock of birds chased Roger to the edge of the mountain. Luckily, Roger evaded the birds before he had to jump off the cliff. Roger decided to never go back to that mountain.
Boston had a heat wave recently. It was hot and humid for a week. To stay cool, I read two books with cold weather settings. I read Smilla's Sense of Snow and a novel about wolves in Alaska. The books were fun but it still was too hot.
Tim usually took the stairs up to his office. One day he decided to try the elevator. After a few seconds the elevator suddenly stopped. Tim was trapped! From now on he will always use the stairs.
My wife retired from her work last week. She had been there for 18 years. The company took her out to lunch. They gave her a plaque, but no money gift. I told my wife they were cheap.
Ed picked a book out from the book store. He found a quiet place in the park to read. The sprinklers came on where he was. He ran out of the area as he got wet. He found another spot to read his wet book.
Adam fell asleep at a sleepover. When he woke, everyone laughed at him. He looked down and saw a nasty sight. His friends had painted his nails pink while he slept! Adam was so embarrassed he blushed.
Truman lived in Sea Haven. It was a great town, but he felt something was wrong. He always felt like he was being watched. Truman tried to leave the town. A large fire spread across the outskirts of town.
Suzie wanted to save money. She decided to lie on her income taxes. The IRS audited her. The IRS found out she lied. Now Susie's in jail.
My Father brought home 6 fishes. One fish for each of his children. My brother flushed mine down the toilet. So I threw his down the drain. Dad was so upset.
Jane's daughter sue came to her with a nose bleed. Jane told the child to hold her head back and hold a tissue. Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her. The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying. 20 minutes later the nosebleed stopped and Jane had a mess to clean.
Chase had a loose tooth. He thought he was going to die. His parents helped pull out his tooth. Chase was very scared. When his tooth came out he was relieved.
Toby was a little toddler. One day he bit his uncle Tobias. Tobias warned him not to do it again. Toby bit him anyways. So Tobias gave him a good yelling.
Martin was playing baseball. He hit the ball. It soared into the air. It went over the crowd and out of the park. He had hit a homerun.
Larry was called to the cemetery. A man was walking around naked. He gave him a blanket and put him in the ambulance. He took him to a mental ward. The man took a bath and then put on fresh clothes.
Barry and his friends spent a day at the mall. They spent half of their time playing games at the arcade. Then the boys shopped for shoes and video games. Before they left, Barry and his friends ate at the food court. The boys drove off from the mall at the end of the day.
A cop was on his night shift. He was bored and decided to get some food. He went to a diner for a burger. He stayed there for an hour. By the time he left, his shift was over.
I am a big fan of PCC trolleys. They were developed in the 1930s to modernize transit. The bodies had a distinctive art deco design. At one time most major cities ran PCC trolleys. My home city of Boston still runs a small fleet of PCCs.
Greg really wanted an ice pop. He didn't have any. Greg stuck a spoon into a pudding pack. He placed that into the freezer for an hour. Now Greg has an ice pop.
Ted is doing a paper for his college class. He is working on his laptop. The paper is due by tomorrow morning. He goes into the kitchen for a soda. He ends up spilling the soda all over his new laptop destroying it.
My workplace had a fire in 1984. It was a wallpaper warehouse. Much of the stock was ruined. We were out of work for a week. The company went bankrupt in 1986.
Ana wanted a healthy lunch for school. She decided to make herself some celery sticks with peanut butter. But when lunch time came, she got a surprise. She hadn't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy! Ana was barely even able to eat her healthy lunch!
Zac had an extremely long beard. His friends tried to convince him to trim it. He loved his beard and had no desire to cut it. His friends offered him money to trim it. There is nothing that could make Zac trim his beard.
Matthew ran to his friends house. His friend wasn't home. Matthew had lunch with his friend's dad. His friend came home while they were eating. Matthew's friend laughed in surprise in seeing Matthew at his home.
Bill was telling Joe a funny joke while driving in the car. The traffic was so loud Joe could not hear Bill well. To fix this Bill told the joke even louder. Joe did not enjoy the joke because it was told so aggressively. To be a good friend Joe forced a laugh anyway.
Charlie was having a lot of trouble getting a good night's sleep. His daytime productivity was starting to suffer severely. His doctor recommended some sleeping pills. Charlie tried the pills for a couple days. Charlie was happy to discover they helped him a lot.
Cindy and her children were visiting the UK for the first time. They were staying in Hastings and wanted to visit the beach. Cindy asked a local man how to get to the closest beach. He directed her to the beach but warned her it was a shingle beach. Cindy discovered that shingle meant large pebbles instead of sand.
Terrance was on his way back from work. He was running low on gas so he pulled into a gas station. As he was paying for his gas he saw a sign for Power Ball. He decided to buy a ticket. It turned out to be the winning ticket.
Karen went to a casino to play poker. She had brought along $500 to play and felt lucky that night. During a heated game, she was felt like she had good cards. She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in. Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot.
Jim was delivering pizzas. He knocked on the door of his customer. She answered, took the pizza, and counted her money. She did not have enough money to tip him! She awkwardly offered Jim a candy bar instead of a tip.
A man went fishing in a small pond to catch a meal. After some time, he got a bite. The fish jumped, and he saw that it was too small to eat. A larger fish came, though, and swallowed the smaller fish whole. With difficulty, he landed the new fish, and caught lunch after all.
Tom was cooking dinner. He was trying a meal he found online. He had all the ingredients except for one. Tom decided to substitute it for something similar. It tasted really good.
Mike had a lemon tree in his backyard. He always picked fresh lemons daily. He opened a lemonade shack but nobody seemed to like his lemonade. He couldn't figure out why they didn't like it. He soon realized that he had forgotten to put any sugar in it!
Ed was playing hide and seek with his mom. He had hidden so well that his mom couldn't find him! Waiting for her, Ed drifted off to sleep. When he woke up, he was in his bed. His mom had finally found him and put him to bed!
Star suddenly felt sick. She called in sick at work and tried resting and nursing herself. But she was only getting sicker by the day. After two weeks she checked into a hospital and died that night. The doctor said something infected her liver and shut it off.
I was writing in my journal when my room mate passed by. He noticed that my handwriting was very sloppy. I agreed with him once I stepped back to look at my writing. I took some handwriting courses online. After two weeks my handwriting was beautiful.
I wanted to go to the movies, and meet up with my friends. My mother said if I finished my chores, she would drop me off. I started to get ready and before I knew it, it was time to go. My mother said, you're not finished with your choirs. I never went, being so excited to get ready, I didn't finish my chores.
Mary was really struggling in her physics class at school. Mary's parents got her a tutor. Mary worked hard with the tutor and studying on her own. Mary felt very confident the day of her final physics exam. Mary aced the exam!
Cindy was drinking a glass of Guarana Antartica. Someone asked her what it was. She said it was Guarana Antarctica, the taste of Guarana. They asked her what Guarana was. She had to admit she had no earthly idea.
Kyle took a trip to the Florida Keys. He was looking for something exciting to do there. A friend suggested that he try parasailing. Kyle was scared out of his wits when he went parasailing. Kyle decided to spend the rest of his vacation relaxing on the beach.
Elias and Taylor were ready for the next step in their relationship. They had been dating for several years. Recently, they had moved into an apartment together. One night, Elias came home with two pet kittens. Taylor had never been so happy and surprised!
Sherry and her oldest daughter don't often see things eye to eye. They both approach life from very different perspectives. Sherry is very practical and businesslike in her relationships. Lynn is more relaxed and way less structured than her mom. It's hard to image two people who are more different.
Rob was watching television after school. He saw a commercial for a new game called Mortal Combat. He begged his mom to buy the game. It was way too violent and she wouldn't agree. Rob was angry the whole evening.
Tom was on a date. They were watching Netflix. Tom's date started fighting for the remote. It was playful and lead to cuddling. That lead to making out.
My high school prom had a theme every year. My senior year the theme was Jungle. I purchased an expensive green sequin floor length gown. I wore it while my date wore a green tie and cumberbund. We posed in front of a mock rainforest for our pictures.
Fred wished that he had been alive when jukeboxes were everywhere. He thought they were very cool additions to diners. He also loved the look of them. Fred decided to buy one for himself. Fred's juke box was a fitting addition to his home theater room.
Ro wanted to join her school's film club. She filled out the form for membership. Soon the club's president texted her. He said Ro was welcome to join their club! Ro was very happy.
All night long he was struggling. The tune was in his head, but he just couldn't get it out. Writing notes, erasing them, and re-writing again he made progress. Finally he was finished after months of working. It was a masterpiece.
Dolores started her massage practice with a strange client. He disrobed in front of her and sat on the table. She told him that it was not how it worked. She gave him a blanket to cover his body. And the man said he was sorry, he thought she was like a doctor.
Me and my wife went out to dinner with a new couple we met. Afterwards, we went back to their house. They pulled out a photo album to show us some of their family. I stupidly commented on the weight of one of the women. It was the woman who was showing us the picture before her surgery.
Jan's birthday was last weekend. She had a big party. All her friends came. She had a lot of food and games. It was a lot of fun.
Martin always loved magic. Martin grew up watching magician and wonder at what they could do. He decided to try and learn magic himself. He practice day and night until he was the best. Martin spent his life being a magician.
Tom was very lonely. He went on an online dating site. Tom only got a few dates. Tom tried his best to make them work. Unfortunately none of them did.
Christian was hot inside of his house. The temperature outside reach a hundred degrees. Once Christian found out the temp outside he knew what he needed. He decided it was time to put the ac in the window of his house. Once he did that, the house cooled off rather quickly.
Tim was really nervous at his wedding. He loved his wife dearly and wanted everything to go right. He got dizzy while reciting his vows. The next thing Tim knew he was waking up on a chair. Tim's wife thought it was hilarious and loved him even more.
Ruth and her friends bought some fireworks at a stand. They went to Ruth's house to light them off. They lit off a few and tried some others. The others caused a huge fire to ignite, and they all screamed. They called the fire department, and the firemen came and put it out.
Our friends got together in recess. Since Drew was bored, he decided to grab Diana. He was trying to spin her around horizontally. The teacher found out and walked to them. He gave Drew detention for two days.
Jimmy was sad and upset all the time. He went to the doctor about it. The doctor told him to start taking vitamin D pills. There is an ingredient in vitamin D that boosts moods. Jimmy agreed and became much happier everyday.
Aaron loved playing tag. He would tag anyone and just yell out they were it. He did not care if you were old or a baby, you were it. When he tagged his friend Jacob his pinky got caught in his shirt. His pinky may have broken, but his doctor is still it.
Shiko was a young boy. He wanted more than anything to grow up. He waited impatiently year after year to get older and older. Eventually, Shiko was on his deathbed. He realized that he wasted his time wanting to grow up.
Glenda was invited to a spa party. She arrived and was surprised to see Botox being done. She felt uncomfortable and left. The next week, she saw all the party attendees. Their faces were frozen and strange looking.
Mary wanted laser surgery to correct her eyesight. She was scared of the risks, but eventually she decided to do it. After the surgery, she awoke feeling apprehensive. She wondered if her risky surgery had fixed her vision at all. Then she opened her eyes, and saw the world in perfect 20/20 vision!
Larry was a struggling musician. He had one hit. People wrote him off as a one hit wonder. He wrote a song to prove everyone wrong. The song went on to be a huge hit and proved everyone wrong.
I am a violinist and take many auditions. Last summer I took an audition for the Chautauqua Symphony. The day of the audition my hands hurt from over playing. I was not confident but played my best. Fortunately I performed well and won the audition!
There was a scavenger hunt event. To win a prize, we were supposed to find the most eggs. The everyone had the same amount of eggs. However, the last egg was hard to find. After thinking, I found the egg in the oven.
Joe was at a new school. He did not know anyone there. When he went to lunch, he started to draw pictures. Many kids sat down to draw with him. Joe made many friends showing off his talent.
Ella saw tiny white squiggly things in her fish tank. She Googled them and found they were called flatworms. They came from too much food in the tank. Ella immediately reduced her feeding schedule. Soon, she noticed that the worms were gone.
Emma was at the bar with her friends. Suddenly they announced an amateur karaoke contest. Emma's friends urged her to compete, so she signed up. When she sang, everyone applauded loudly! She didn't win, but she was happy with second place!
Tom had a lot of things planned for the day. He was pretty tired and decided to cancel them all. Instead, he laid on the couch. He watched a bunch of movies and ate snacks. Tom was happy he'd gotten to have a lazy day.
Shelia had Driver's Ed this semester. Shelia was not excited about it. The teacher was mean. Sheila failed the in class drivers test. Shelia got her license the following summer instead.
Tom moved in with a new roommate. The roommate had an ugly tapestry he put up. Tom hated it a lot. He kept trying to take it down. Eventually his roommate got into a fight over it.
The little boy let go of his blue balloon. He waved as he watched it float away up into the sky. Across the Channel a little girl spotted tattered rubber in a tree. Looking closer she found a letter attached to a balloon. Now adults, the two children still write to each other.
Zack was at work making some lunch. Suddenly, he heard yelling. He checked and saw two coworkers fighting. It looked like it might get violent so Zack intervened. The instigator of the fight was fired.
Alex and his son Cole walked to the theater to watch a movie. Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance. Alex became angry and scolded Cole. Alex called his wife to pick up Cole, who now had soiled shoes. After Cole was picked up, Alex decided to watch a movie by himself.
Tracy was adopted by the Warren family. She was not officially adopted until she was five. The Warren family had been her foster parents. She loved being a part of their large family. Tracy was now no longer a foster child.
Vlad decides he needs a new shirt. He goes to a nearby store to buy one. Vlad finds a shirt that he loves. He starts wearing it often. Vlad is happy to have bought a new shirt.
Sara needed a prescription. She went up to the counter. The pharmacist asked for her name and birthday. She gave him the info. He had her prescription ready and handed it over.
Lucy's doctor had recommended that she try out his new app. It was supposed to help her keep in touch with the office. She tried it, but it didn't seem to work. The next time she had an appointment, she let them know. They promised to fix it as soon as possible.
I decided to remodel my bathroom this week. I demolished all of the tile very quickly. I am new to installing tile so the remodel is taking some time. I am regretting doing this on my own. I decided to call in a professional to finish the project.
My Mother-in-law lives in a nursing home. There isn't much to do all day in a nursing home. She likes to color. We bought her some very nice coloring books for adults. She has enjoyed them very much.
Paige and her mom arrived at the E Free church early in the morning. They were volunteering for the Easter party that day. They signed in and got their lanyard and a free t shirt. Then they were given their assignments in the game room. They set up their game and waited for the kids to arrive.
I went to a pool party. I expected all of my friends to be there. However, two friends one showed up. I thought the party was going to be boring. However, we had lots of fun with the small group that was there.
Shirley had always wanted to see a castle in real life. She grew up on fairy-tales and disney movies. One day her parents surprised her with a trip to Europe. There she was able to visit different castles. She loved every minute of it.
Jennifer had a tattoo on her hip that she hated. She was finally going to have it removed. At her first session, she was surprised by the amount of pain. She was more prepared for the next sessions, and she got through it. Finally, the tattoo was gone.
I adopted a puppy. He loved to chew on my furniture. I tried to scold him but it didn't work. So, I decided to give him carrots to chew on instead. The carrots worked perfectly!
I was low on laundry detergent while doing a wash. I had to rinse out the bottle to use up whatever I had left. I started the cycle and hoped for the best. When the cycle was done I inspected the clothes. The appeared to smell as good as normally.
Beth was going to the bank on her way home from work. When she got to the bank there was a long line. She went to the store across the street instead. She asked if they would let her cash a check there. They cashed the check for her at the store.
Kia wrote an essay on morality for English class. She thought it was a little sloppy. But to her surprised, her teacher loved it. He even read it aloud in front of the whole class! Kia was so proud of herself!
Ben wrote a note on a piece of paper while out at sea. He stuffed it in a bottle and put a cork in it. He threw the bottle far from the boat. The bottle floated in the sea for years. When the bottle finally landed on a beach it was found by a boy.
Joey was a city boy. He had never been outside in the woods. His friend Darryl decided he was going to take him. Joey was so set against enjoying camping. Joey ended up loving the wilderness and had a great trip.
My horse got very sick and now is better. She lost a lot of weight and needs to restart work. Today I lunged my horse. She walked, trotted and cantered around me on a line. When she was done, she was tired but happy.
Penny went fishing with her family. They drove to a creek that was up on a mountain. Penny got her fishing pole and some bait. She found a spot where she could see the fish in the water. Penny caught six Brook Trout!
I bought a toy truck for my nephew. It was supposed to light up and make sounds. When he opened it, it made no noise. It did not light up either. I was relieved when he told me he loved the truck.
I stayed home since I didn't have money to go out. However, my grandmother left a card near my computer desk. There were several hundred dollars in a birthday envelope. After thanking her, I went to pick up my girlfriend. We went out for dinner.
Tim bought a green tie. He absolutely loved the tie. Unfortunately he lost it. He could not find it. Finally tim found it under his bed.
Tim was playing kickball. It was his first time. He was picked last. However, Tim had powerful legs. Everyone realized how great Tim was when he kicked 5 home runs.
Keisha was in the hospital. She had gotten into a car accident. Her leg was broken in two places. Some of Keisha's friends came by the hospital to visit her. She was glad to see and visit with her friends.
Basil noticed that the weather sky had turned an odd shade of green. Basil turned the television to the weather channel. He learned a tornado was predicted in his area. Basil prepared the house and yard for a tornado. Basil heard the storm approaching as he entered the storm cellar.
Dustin was exploring a junkyard. He came across a lot of old vehicles and appliances. There were several security dogs there. They started chasing and barking at him. Dustin jumped over a fence and never went back.
I wanted to buy a car. I was too poor. I decided to get a car loan. The bank offered me thirty thousand dollars. I could finally buy a car!
Aiden loved to play poker. One day he decided to enter a poker tournament at the casino. The winning prize was $1000. He sat anxiously at the table for the first hand to be dealt. When the hand was dealt, he felt a sense of calm come over him.
Missy's parents took her to a concert where she heard a flute. Missy wanted to learn to play the flute herself. She pestered her mom until she signed her up for lessons. She practiced hard for years and years. Now she plays the flute in the Delaware Symphony.
Jill was at work. She couldn't concentrate on her work. Her stomach felt weird. She called in sick and drove home. She felt better after resting in her sofa for a few hours.
Sara and Jake had been together for two years. Jake had been planning his proposal. He took her out to dinner at a fancy restaurant. While at dinner, he proposed. Sara said yes and made Jake very happy.
Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist. One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch. The audience noticed and started to get restless. Mister Song opened the piano and peered inside. A mouse was running around on the strings, dampening the sound.
My brother dated a girl once who seemed a bit off. Nobody really liked or trusted her. When they eventually broke up, she took it bad. She broke into his house and stabbed him. My brother is very cautious now.
Last Valentine's day my boyfriend was out of town. I was sad that I couldn't celebrate it. That night my boyfriend called me. He told me to look outside. I was surprised and happy to see his car in the driveway.
Eli spotted an eagle in flight. He brought his rifle to his shoulder. Eli got the eagle in his sights and pulled the trigger. It was a direct hit and the eagle fell down dead. Eli mounted it on his wall as a trophy.
Gary dubbed today a day of love. At work, Gary's coworker proposed to his girlfriend during lunch. Then as he was going home, Gary saw a newly married couple. Finally, Gary's brother called him his wife was pregnant. Gary was filled with joy at all the examples of love he saw today.
Ed and Sam were playing a video game together. They tried to kill zombies, but they always ended up losing the game. Then they went online and joined a party of 7 other players. The nine of them were much more skilled and able. Ed and Sam finally got to kill the zombies and win the game!
I was waiting for my mom to pick me up from school. An old man came close to me. He was talking about the power of god. Although I was tired, I pretended to be interested. My mom eventually came and took me home.
Tim hadn't gone to the dentist in a long time. When he finally did there were a lot of problems with his teeth. Tim was embarrassed by how bad it had gotten. The dentist reassured him and said it was all fixable. It took a bit of work but Tim's smile was back on point.
Paul and his wife had been arguing a lot lately. He tried to talk to her, but it just led to more arguing. Paul made an appointment with a marriage counselor. It wasn't easy, but he convinced his wife to go with him. The appointment was helpful and they started communicating better.
Darren liked to play poker with his friends. Darren usually won most of the poker games. He decided to enter a poker tournament. Darren lost a lot of money in the tournament. Darren decided that he wasn't that good at playing poker.
My dentist told me I had too many cavities. I decided to take better care of my teeth. I brushed after every meal. However, I didn't know what to do when away from my house. So I simply walked with floss so I could clean my teeth on the go.
I had finally made it to 18 and would need to register to vote. I went to the post office to ask the teller for information. She directed me to the court house. After arriving at the courthouse I approached the county clerk. It wasn't long before i was registered!
The family had three member for 2 Years. The dog knew something was about the change. When the mom went into labor, the dog was nervous acting. The baby was brought home. The dog never left the baby's side.
My eyesight was poor, where lines in a book were hard to read. I went to the eye doctor for an exam. The eye doctor determined I had poor eyesight. I bought three new eyeglasses in different colored frames. I now have fashionable new eyeglasses.
Will was a good soccer player. He had scored a goal in every game he'd ever played in. One game, he hadn't scored with just a minute to go. He ran down the field, determined to score. He kicked it hard and it went in!
My girlfriend and I decided to cook together Tuesday. We chose to make fajitas. It was fun and easy. We only got in each other's way a little. The food was delicious and we plan to do it again soon.
Tom made jerky for a living. He was trying out a new recipe that involved hot spices. He poured the large bag of spices into the mixer. He ended up dropping the bag and got hot spices in his eyes. He couldn't work for a week.
Alex and his friends were playing soccer. He ran and kicked the ball. It accidentally went over a big fence. They didn't have any way to get the ball back. So, they left.
Jim was on the bus with his backpack. When it was time to pay, he began digging through his bag. He felt something wet and sticky inside. He realized that his coke must have spilled. He had to take the bag home and wash it right away.
My brother watches a lot of anime. He tried to get me to understand it. I watched one of the shows he likes. I did not know what was going on. I asked him to change the channel.
Molly was at the store. She saw a cute tee shirt on a rack. When she looked, she noticed that it was on sale. She decided to buy a bunch. She ended up with six different colors.
Joni had bought a raffle ticket from the PTO fundraiser. She had forgotten she had bought the ticket. A woman called Joni on her cell phone. The woman told Joni she won a cash prize. Joni was very surprised.
Randy was angry. His girlfriend broke up with him. He proceeded to wreck his room. His mom got mad at him and called the cops. Randy calmed down after.
Amy had a crush on Ray. They used to be friendly but were no longer speaking to each other. Amy sat in the lunchroom with Ray's sister Ella. Ray walked up to their table smiled, and gave her a muffin. Amy was elated and terribly confused.
Jenson had a bite on his arm. The bite itched badly. Jenson scratched the bite all night. It began to ooze. A doctor visit determine Jenson had caused an infection.
Kai was acting out in class. His mom decided he needed to let out some energy. She signed him up for karate lessons. She worried he'd hate them, but she got a nice shock. Kai loved his karate classes immediately!
Miles wanted to join his school's orchestra. He asked his mother for permission to rent an instrument. His mother said he could play either the cello or viola. Miles decided on the viola since it was smaller and easier to carry. Miles looked forward to learning how to play a new instrument.
Jason decides to raise bees for their honey. Jason asks a neighbor who is a beekeeper how to raise bees. Jason's neighbor is very helpful in providing information. Jason sets up his beekeeping area in his backyard. Jason will look forward to the honey being made.
Brian needed some time away. He wondered what he could do. He thought he would dust of his old boat. Brian cleaned the boat and got it ready to sail. Brian loved his old boat again.
It was a cloudy and rainy day. Isabella wanted to go out and jump in muddy puddles. Her mother let her go out and play. But the rainstorm turned into a thunderstorm. Because it was thundering her mom made her come inside.
Sally and her friends went to Coachella one day. First they had pizza for lunch. Then they danced for a while. At the end of the day, they went back to the hotel. They went to sleep.
Ruth was trying to become a babysitter. Tonight was her very first job. She was doing alright for the most part. Then, the baby's arm got hurt. Ruth was so worried, but the mom wasn't that mad.
Breanna wants to lose some weight. She decides to go jogging. She made it into a routine and jogged everyday. She then lost 5 pounds in 2 weeks. She was happy and decides to do it for another month.
I am disabled and have trouble walking. I called a restaurant for delivery last week. The driver called from the lobby and asked me to come down. I told him to deliver the food to the door as I am disabled. I gave the restaurant a bad review.
Samantha needed to get new car tires. Her winter tires were all worn out. She searched online for specials. She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $200 off retail price. Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived.
My coworkers were out for lunch one day. They took a walk on the Boston Common. They saw a rat running on the grass. It ran over a coworker's sandaled foot. She was very shocked.
Tom accidentally dropped a can of soda. He failed to tell anyone about it. His roommate went to get some from the fridge. He chose the shaken up one and it exploded. Tom laughed and never admitted responsibility.
Manny was the tallest man in his neighborhood. He could dunk a basketball without jumping. Because of that, he helped the small kids dunk basketballs too. While they played, he's hold them up. And they would score and feel like a star.
Katie was playing outside one day. She saw a snowflake fall from the sky. Soon there were lots of snowflake all around her. Katie caught some snowflakes on her tongue. She played in the falling snow until dinnertime.
The weather in the town of Lohavenskill was very cold. The lake froze over in over the course of a week. Jen went on the lake to ice skate. She did a few spins and jumps like the pros. No one was around so she gave herself applause.
John was riding his motorcycle. He ran over some nails on the road. He quickly stopped. John called his friend with a truck. John and his friend put the motorcycle into the truck.
Tom was looking at his bank account. He noticed some unknown fees on it. He called up the bank to see what they were. They informed him they were recurring charges. Tom remembered what he signed up for and hung up.
I was sitting in the room. It was very hot inside. I couldn't believe the temperature. It was so sticky. I could hardly breathe.
James had been badly hurt. The doctor gave a grim prognosis. James' wife was very concern. She sat by his bed all night long. Soon he woke up.
Gina lived on the north east corner of a busy street. Her friend Ruth lived across the street. The other two corners were occupied by churches. Gina liked to sleep in late on the weekends. But she was awakened every Sunday by the church bells.
Allie went to the fair with her family. She tried hitting the water guns for fun. She wanted to win something for her brother. Ultimately she won a bear for him. She was so happy.
Sarah loved to drink coffee. She drank coffee everyday. Her teeth were yellow from the coffee. She stained her teeth with a product she bought. Her teeth are now white.
Gina was on the highway in heavy traffic. The cars were driving less than 20 miles per hour. Gina was in no real hurry. But she didn't like sitting in the traffic either. She decided to relax and just get through it.
Fred is trying to bulk up with some muscle. He is lifting more and more at the gym. Although he is not seeing any results with his body. He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was. He did that and noticed results within a week.
Sue made a shrimp sandwich. Just as she was about to eat it, she dropped it. All the shrimp fell out. Sue was upset. She had to throw the sandwich away.
Matt always believed he was bad at math. And he thought studying would never help. But his friend convinced him to study one day. It felt like he made little progress. But he understood more than he did before.
Dennis loved to listen to music ever since he was a toddler. Dennis tried to learn a lot of instruments as well. He did not succeed however, and he was not good at playing them. Dennis was very mad and then tried to learn how to write songs. Now Dennis is able to make a lot of money from writing songs.
The family next door is going camping. They've loaded everything into their brand new camper. I am going to watch their cats. They will return in 3 days. They will give me fifty dollars for watching their cats.
I went to work out yesterday. I went to the exercise room. I was on the treadmill. I tried increasing the speed. All of the sudden I fell off.
We took our kids to Whalom Park in Fitchburg in 1991. It was an amusement park on the shores of a lake. The kids enjoyed the roller coaster. I was excited because they had old buses on display. Whalom Park closed in 2000.
At first my wife did not want to go to the neighbor's garage sale. I asked her to come with me just as a favor. When she got there, my wife found a couple Jane Austen books for sale. She learned that our neighbor is an English major like her. Now they are friends who meet for coffee every morning.
Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation. They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow. Unfortunately the sprayer was broken and Iris got too dark. She looked in the mirror and was bright orange. Iris gasped but remembered it would go away soon.
Kelsi and her ex boyfriend Kyle had a terrible break up. Both were very upset about it. Kelsi missed Kyle so much. Kyle reciprocated the feeling. They decided to get back together,
Amy had a roommate in her new dorm room. The roommate was very different from Amy. They barely spoke which made Amy uncomfortable. She bought her mate a muffin to try and make friends. The roommate laughed and threw the muffin in the trash.
Brad's father had abandoned him when he was 4. Brad was now 25 and wanted to reconnect with his father. Brad was able to obtain his father's number through the internet. They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant. They met for dinner and were able to reconnect with each other.
Today I ordered groceries to be delivered to me at home. I scheduled delivery for 2pm and waited by the door. When nothing arrived by 2:30pm I became worried. Finally, at 3pm, a delivery man arrived. I was very upset when I found he brought the wrong order.
Jason wanted to invest in silver. He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price. After a couple Years the price of silver was much lower. He realized his investment was a failure. He sold the silver dollars at a loss to get some money back.
There was a popular TV show. It was about a power struggle. The power struggle between 7 kingdoms. The couple used to watch this show all the time. That was until the day they didn't pay the TV bill and we're cut off.
Joe lost his keys and by the time he found them he was late for work. He drove as fast as he could but there were too many cars on the road. Everyone was slowing down for a construction project. When Joe finally got to work he was an hour late. He realized it was actually Saturday and his office was closed.
Max bought a new puppy named Trouble. The new puppy ate shoes and pooped on the floor. Max read some dog training books. He spent time working with Trouble, and he improved. Max took his puppy to the park to enjoy his new good behavior.
Christopher was very overweight, but wanted to be a marine. He started running and doing pushups and situps. Then he moved on to pull ups, sprints, and plyometrics. By the time he turned 18, he was in top shape He went on to excel in bootcamp and become a great Marine.
Ted was walking down the street with his earphone in his ear. He bent over to tie his shoelaces. As he got up and walking, he dropped his wallet on the ground. A passerby happened to notice the dropped wallet and stopped Ted. Ted was so relieved that he gave the passerby a high five and a hug.
Johnny needed to buy new basketball shoes for his basketball league. He went to the mall to look for a pair. He picked out a pair of white shoes on sale for $50. When he got home he tried on his shoes. He played a game of basketball in his new shoes that same night.
Monica was excited to see a new movie. She went to the theater the night it opened. She bought a ticket and went inside. Inside, she got some snacks and a drink. Then, she got to see the movie.
Aiden was running to catch the bus. He was running late. Aiden got to the bus stop as the bus was leaving. Aiden's dad had to take him to school. Aiden woke up earlier the next day.
Bill became a moderator of a new forum. Bill had strict rules about content. People did not notice when the community was small. When it was large, the community rebelled against Bill. Bill was ousted as a moderator for his strictness.
Ron was not paying attention while driving. Ron ran through a stop sign. He heard sirens behind him. Ron was pulled over. The cop wrote Ron a huge ticket!
Gina sat on the floor staring at a book. She should have been using the book to write a report about dolphins. Instead she was staring at a closed book. She heard a knock and saw a pizza delivery man at the front door. She decided her report would have to wait.
Thomas Vent was a DJ. He'd taken months to release a new track, and his fans were anxious. He didn't want to risk anything, so he released a promo. Sadly his fans were upset, it was just like everything else he made. Thomas never recovered from the loss of his fanbase.
Linda was always fond of ocean life. She wanted to see under sea life. Linda went to Mexico and was offered a free snorkeling class. Linda took the class and got to explore sea life. She was so happy she took the class.
Noah had a date. He was running late. Noah didn't tell his date. The woman got tired of waiting. She left before Noah arrived.
I came home one day to find the biggest roaches dead on my floor. So I went to the store and bought some bombs. I set them up upstairs and downstairs. The bombs went off. I have not seen anymore roaches.
Becky and her friend went to the city. When they got there they had no idea how to get around. They tried asking for help. Yet no one would help them. It took them an hour to find their destination.
Reggie joined the military. While in the military, Reggie was sent to Iraq. In Iraq, Reggie was a humvee machine gunner providing security. Reggie turned 19 in Iraq and was on a long patrol. On the patrol an improvised explosive device blew up Reggie's vehicle.
It was the season of the flue. Everyone was getting sick. Luckily I had gotten a shot to prevent it. I was sneezed on but felt confident I would be ok. I woke up with a 102 fever, I guess it wasn't effective.
Sarah needed a dress for the dance. However she did not have enough money for a new one. Her mom did have enough money for fabric. Sarah picked out a beautiful fabric. Sarah's mom designed and sewed her the perfect dress.
Wendy bought a ticket for her town's annual raffle. She did not expect to win. Still, she hoped! When the ticket was drawn, she saw it was the same number as hers. Wendy was thrilled that she had won the raffle!
Paul was the head chef at a restaurant. His cooks weren't making the recipes like they were supposed to be. They were just making Paul's recipes as they wished. He wrote down all of his recipes for them. They now make the recipes right.
The pool sparkled invitingly as Marlee looked out at it. She opened the patio door and stuck her head out. It was hot, but the pool called her, so she walked toward it. Marlee dipped her big toe in the water, making swirls and ripples. Finally, she dove in and felt the crisp fresh water flow over her.
Sadie wasn't able to afford her trash bill. With no garbage service, bags began piling up in her home. She was beginning to panic when she heard of a program. The program offered to pay the utility bill. She signed up and luckily qualified, saving her from the trash.
Timmy loved his dog One day he took his dog for a walk But his dog got off his leash and ran His family spent all night searching for the dog Eventually the dog came home.
Tina was adopted when she was very young. When she was older, Tina wanted to find her birth mother. After long hours and a lot of research, Tina found her. Tina's mother was not receptive to a reunion with Tina. Tina was disappointed in her birth mother.
Haruki was walking home when he heard the sound of a cat. He looked around and eventually traced the sound to a well. At the very bottom, a kitten cried for help. Haruki ran to get help. With the neighbor's help, he rescued the kitten and brought it home.
Milly wanted to grow fruits and vegetables. She planted a big garden in her yard. But she just didn't have a green thumb! Poor Milly couldn't grow any fruits OR veggies. The only thing she could grow was mushrooms!
Tim worked at the post office. He was nearing retirement. He left a note in the mailboxes of his route telling everyone so. On his last day he received many cards. Some misspelt his name and gave him a small existential crisis.
Tim was driving late one night. Suddenly a deer dashed into the road. Tim swerved to avoid hitting it. The deer bounded safely across the road. Tim breathed a deep sigh of relief.
Today is street cleaning day in my neighborhood. A truck drive by announcing the day. Three cars have been ticketed. A tow truck came by and took one of the cars. Another is en route.
Ian enjoyed reading Shakespeare. He could recite entire passages from memory. Some of Ian's peers thought he was odd. They would make fun of him for liking Shakespeare. Ian didn't care.
This wasn't where Ed wanted to be. After 21 years working for the same company he had been laid off. Now he was standing in the unemployment line. He hoped that he would only need to collect for a few weeks. Hopefully he would find a new job very soon.
Rob hated the second grade. Every day, he went to the school nurse and begged to go home. The nurse let him stay and take a nap for half an hour. She then called Rob's parents in for a conference. They decided to homeschool him for the rest of the year.
Pumpkin, my 5 year old pug, just got eye surgery. She got into a fight with another dog a few days ago. Her eye got seriously scratched in the fight. It will be sore for a few weeks, so I'm keeping close watch. She wants to scratch it, so I put a cone over her head.
Peter's dog was always excited to play with his bone. He would chase it around the house and gnaw on it. Sometimes Peter would hide the bone away. Then the dog would take its time hunting it down. But it always found the bone to play with.
Our new concierge Donny was unhappy at his job. He did not like having to take incoming deliveries. He said he felt like a receiving clerk, not a concierge. One day he yelled at a resident over a delivery. The company replaced Donny the next day.
Mary tried to swim in the pool. The waves pushed her to the deep end of the water. She began to drown. However, her body was approaching the end of the pool. She grabbed a block and immediately rose.
Tim went on a boat trip. A strong storm hit. Tim's boat got tipped over. They searched for Tim for weeks. He was never found.
Adam did not like his wife's mother. She was rude and mean. Adam avoided her as much as she could. His wife asked him to join them for Christmas. Adam was dreading the holidays now.
Neil was visiting Tunisia. He joined his tour group at the airport. Together they saw the scenery. They stopped for lunch at a traditional Tunisian restaurant. Neil immensely enjoyed his trip to Tunisia!
Allie had an audition for the flute. It was for seating placement. However when she got to the audition she got really nervous. As a result she screwed up majorly. The teacher ended up putting her in the back.
Ray had a wife and two daughters. Ray's wife had a medical problem so she could not work. Ray wanted to provide a good life for his family. Ray worked 2 full time jobs and 1 part time job to earn money. Ray was able to pay for everything his family needed.
Jane was bored at home. She decided to light some scented candles. They relaxed her and she fell asleep. Without knowing it a candle was knocked over. Jane's house burned down and she barely survived.
Tim was extremely nervous. His companies promotion cycle was coming to an end. Tim had worked hard, but had fallen behind on his mortgage payment. He really need a big raise to meet ends meet. Fortunately, Tim got a massive raise and a bonus for his hard work.
Eli and Baylee decided to play hide and seek one night. Baylee thought it would be funny to hide in the washer. Eli searched everywhere but couldn't find her. Baylee had fallen asleep and didn't hear Eli calling. Eli woke his parents, who eventually found Baylee in the washer.
Preston hit his brother in the face. His brother forgave him but Preston still felt guilty. He apologized to his brother everyday for his actions. Preston went and talked to a therapist and things improved. Preston never hit anyone again.
Johnny loved tomatoes. He decided to plant a garden in the Spring. Johnny tirelessly worked in his garden all Summer. Johnny was pleased when he found the first ripe tomato of the year. He decided to make a salad with his homegrown tomato.
Cameron wanted to become a computer programmer. She had no idea where to start. Cameron searched for online tools to help her in her journey. She learned from the best resources she could find. Cameron is now a successful programmer.
Libby needs gas for her car. She decides to go get some before she heads to work. But Libby is distracted by her cell phone as she walks to the car. As she pulls into the gas station, she reaches for her wallet. But she forgot it at home, and has to go all the way back!
Jane's son was growing quickly. She was checking his height monthly to track his progress. Her son went out of town to visit his grandparents for the summer. When he returned Amy checked his height again. She was surprised to see he grew 6 inches in 2 months.
Tim was in a car crash. He was moderately injured. An ambulance was called to the scene. Tim refused to take it due to expense. He had a friend drive him to the hospital instead.
Ben tried to look for his homework inside the house. He couldn't find it and grew mad. His mom told him that she didn't move anything. However, he automatically blamed her. Ben ended up throwing away some of her makeup as payback.
Mary had made a large plate of deer steaks for dinner. There was enough to have for dinner for 2 days. When she awoke the next day half the leftovers were gone. She went to ask her daughter, but found her asleep. Beside her bed was a greasy plate with traces of deer meat.
Cal was in danger of failing English class. Desperately, he asked his teacher what he could do. She offered him extra credit to write a detailed book report. Thankfully, Cal dove into the book and then his report. Luckily, he earned enough extra credit to pass the class!
Kate was watching her son play football. He jumped to catch the ball. But was tackled hard. Everyone in the stands stood and gasped. They all cheered when the boy jumped to his feet and was not hurt.
The man put his clothes in the washer. He forgot to turn on the washer. He went to check on his clothes. His clothes were not clean. He started the washer then.
I got a few hundred dollars for my birthday. I took the money to the music store and bought a keyboard. I went home with the keyboard and began to write music. After only a few hours of playing, my keyboard stopped working. I did not get a warranty, so I wasted my money.
Cheyenne arrived at school one morning. She noticed that people were giving her odd looks. It wasn't until later that she learned why. Someone had started an embarrassing rumour about her. She told everyone that it was made up and calmed people down.
All of Mildred's best friends played on the soccer team. She wanted to join them but was afraid she wasn't good enough. One day Mildred summoned the courage to join the team. She tried out and just barely made the cut for the varsity team. Mildred felt so happy to play soccer alongside her friends.
Marissa was at the library. She was trying to work on a school paper on her laptop. She was almost done writing the paper. Suddenly, the computer died. She lost all of her progress.
Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago. Everything was going fine. Suddenly, a different train broke down! Ashley was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again. Finally, the train was back on its destination towards Chicago.
Charles found himself a job on craigslist. It's the worst job he ever experienced. Therefore, he updated his online portfolio. Next, he applied for quality jobs. In the Middle of the week he scheduled an interview with an airline.
Will had a recurring dream about being trapped in a cellar. After several times of dreaming this, Will thought he needed help. Will talked with a psychologist, telling him about the dream. Will was relieved to hear the doctor's response. The doctor told Will recurring dreams are common and not to worry!
I wanted a Pet Hedgehog. I looked online to find one who needed adopting. I found someone in my town who was re homing their hedgehog. I named him Pepper. Pepper has been a great addition to our family.
John didn't get a lot of sleep before work. At work he fell asleep at his desk. He started snoring very loudly. His boss heard him and came over. He got written up for falling asleep at work.
Ty had been deaf all her life, but now she was hoping to hear. Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid. She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound. And she heard hundreds, voices and music and more! She loved those sounds so much that she became a musician.
Arthur wrote his last will and testament. Arthur's brother got arrested for domestic abuse. Arthur took his brother out of his will. Arthur died one morning. Arthur's sister got all of his inheritance.
Joy's parents were convinced she had been murdered. The police chalked it up to a drug overdose. They said she had stripped her own clothes off. They also said she had assaulted herself before dying. Her parents swore that day to never give up until they found the truth.
A group of neighborhood children were playing baseball outside. A particularly large child hit the ball dead center, and it flew high! The ball was headed for the house of a well known grouch. The children were afraid what would happen if a window were to break. The supposed grouch jumped from behind the fence, and caught the ball!
Last week I decided to get a new haircut. It turned out to look terrible. Everyone made fun of me for it. The teasing was relentless. I decided to just shave my head instead.
Abby recently had to take a trip the city of Atlanta for work. Abby decided that after working, she would attend a baseball game. Abby was excited to see her favorite team, the Atlanta Braves, play. At the game, Abby was even lucky enough to catch a foul ball. Abby thoroughly enjoyed her visit to the city of Atlanta.
Rhonda's teacher asked the students to draw their families. Rhonda drew an ideal family, with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit. At open house, the drawings were placed at each child's desk. Rhonda's parents searched in vain for their family picture. When the teacher showed them, Rhonda's parents looked puzzled.
Jake really needed to see a doctor. He refused to go because he didn't have insurance. He could not afford to pay a doctor's bill. Jake enrolled in Obama Care. He was able to see a doctor and get the medicine he needed.
It was late at night and had been raining. Tom was delivering pizzas. He accidentally hit a patch of wet oil. Tom lost control and crashed his car. His boss made him pay for the pizzas he didn't deliver.
Tim wanted to open a restaurant. He visited all of the local dining establishments. He took note of his favorite features of each restaurant. He built a great restaurant. His restaurant was successful and Tim was very happy.
I had a great time on my birthday, with emails and cards from friends. My boss told me I could go home early, which surprised me. When I drove home, I had a hard time finding a place to park. When I got to my front door, I heard voices inside my apartment. I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise.
Laura was putting things away in her shed. She reached under a shelf and felt a sting on her hand. Laura's hand began to swell. She went to the doctor. The doctor treated Laura for a spider bite.
Sue happened to look outside her window. There was a horse looking back at her. She didn't have a horse. As she walked outside she was a man coming towards the house. His horse had gotten out of the pasture, wandering into Sue's yard.
Neil was a newspaper reporter. His paper sent him to Brunei. There, he learned about local food and culture. He wrote a great article about travel in Brunei. His editors loved the article!
I was in the clubroom when my friend called. He was working from home. He decided to play online chess instead. I went to my apartment and played ten games. My friend said he did not feel guilty about playing.
Hank walked into his favorite sushi restaurant. But he noticed a different chef. He considered leaving. But he figured the sushi would taste the same. Hank was disappointed after leaving the restaurant.
There was ten feet of snow outside. It was impossible to open to door. I pushed and shoved to no avail. I had to wait a week for the snow to melt. In all that time I was unable to check my mail.
Tom was on vacation. He ate the food given on the airplane. Tom became sick that same night. It ruined his vacation. The air company refused to compensate him.
The kids needed to print some papers for school. The printer kept malfunctioning. They tried everything they could do. They gave up and walked to the library. They printed the documents there.
Calvin walked by a car and heard a baby crying from inside. He looked around for help, but no one was there. It was hot outside and he couldn't walk away and leave the baby. He grabbed a rock, smashed the window and extracted the crying baby. The mother arrived moments later, and was relieved instead of angry.
Larry decided to paint a picture. The more he painted the more he hated his painting. He didn't want to start over since he had already worked for so long. He kept adding paint until all the colors blended to brown. Larry finally decided to give up.
Greg thought he was the best baseball player. Greg met James at a park. James also played a lot of baseball. James was stronger than Greg. James defeated Greg.
One day, a pig wandered onto my parents farm. I always wanted one for a pet, so I did my best to keep it a secret. I kept him in the small shed on the edge of the farm. I snuck him food and water and played with him everyday. One day, he was gone, but I hope he found his way back home.
Tracy walked on the beach in her flip-flops. The plastic part of the slipper pulled through the sole. Her flip-flops were broken. Her mom pulled the plastic part through the sole and put the tie on. The flip-flop was fixed.
Eric is playing with matches. He accidentally drops a lit one. It starts to burn the cabinets. Eric tries to put it out. Eric cannot put out the fire and burns the house down.
Jeremy was a good child until he was about 10 years old. At 10 he began to defy his parents and hang out with older kids. The older kids were young criminals and Jeremy thought it was cool. He began committing crimes that landed him in and out of Juvie. He's now 35 years old in jail and categorized as a career criminal.
Morgan and his father were watching the news. The news stated a criminal had escaped from a local prison. Morgan's father turned off the news and told him to go upstairs. Morgan obeyed his father and went to his room. For the rest of the night, Morgan felt anxious and scared.
Stacy's kids were bored. She took them to the park. They ran around and had lots of fun. Soon, they were exhausted! She took them home and they took a long nap.
Sonia wanted to buy a beautiful dress for a wedding. She went to her favorite store and asked for help. But the saleswoman was very rude and didn't help her at all. Sonia had to go to three more stores before finding a good saleswoman. She finally managed to find one and bought a nice dress.
Rudy has always hated needles. She was starting a new job and needed a vaccine. Rudy was terrified to get the vaccine. She tried her best to be brave as the nurse prepped her arm. Once she felt the needle in her arm she passed out.
Cindy didn't know what the white substance she was given at lunch was. She thought it might be tartar sauce or something else disgusting. Later, her teacher questioned why she hadn't eaten the banana pudding. Embarrassed, Cindy lied that she was allergic to bananas. But then the teacher looked down and saw a banana peel on her tray!
Job had a rope that he tied into many different knots. While practicing a new knot, he accidentally got tangled. Job couldn't break free. Hours later, his father returned to see Job still struggling. The father just laughed and walked inside, and didn't help poor Job.
Nick wanted to become a chef. Nick applied to many restaurants and was finally hired. On Nick's first day, he had to prepare fish. Nick prepared the fish incorrectly and customers became ill. Nick was fired from his job.
We drove through miles of mountains to our destination. We were in the Ozarks. The mountains became very steep and frightening. The air pressure was uncomfortable in my ears. We finally made it to our destination safely.
Jay was always the risk taker among his friends. So when they vacationed in the Caribbean, he was the crazy one. He signed up for the Shark Cage- a steel cage immersed in the sea! Sharks surrounded the cage, attracted by chum and smaller fish. Jay's friends were appalled, but Jay had an incredible experience!
The Mcdonald's lived on a farm out in the country. They had many different types of animals. One day, a man stopped by their farm and asked to speak with them. He said that was a writing a song and hoped they might help him. He eventually wrote a song about their farm which was loved by many.
Ray was sitting in class. And his teacher asked him to pass out tests. While Ray was passing out tests, he got a paper cut. Ray told his teacher. And Ray was given a band aid.
Rick stops at the coffee shop on his way to work each day. He usually orders a hot tea with lemon and honey. Today, Rick decided he'd like to try a latte. Rick waited excitedly for his order. Just as his coffee is given to him, Rick spills it all over his shirt.
I brought out my old telescope. I saw a brighter spot in the sky. I looked in the viewer. I could make out individual stars. It is crazy how many there are.
Marla bought packets of vegetable seeds from the store. She dug up the dirt in her garden. Marla planted onions, cilantro, and tomatoes. Marla watered the garden every night. By the end of the summer Marla had enough vegetables to make salsa.
I have been asked to direct our school choir. There are about 12 children in the choir. I was nervous about directing a choir. I found them a song and we began practicing. They actually have started to sound pretty good!
Dan was working on his computer when he heard a scary sound. It was like stones crashing against his roof! He opened his curtains and looked outside to see what it was. It was hailing furiously outside! Dan was relieved it wasn't the neighbor kids throwing stones.
Jackie was angry with her boyfriend. She went outside to his car and dragged her keys against the door. Someone else came to the parking lot and yelled at her. She realized she had keyed the wrong car. She apologized and agreed to pay for the damage.
Ana was moving out into a home of her own. She'd lived with two roommates throughout college. Ana wanted to do something nice for them as a parting of ways. She made a delicious breakfast of pancakes and bacon for them. Ana's roommates enjoyed the gesture and were sad she was moving out.
Joe had a lot of work to finish. He knew he would have pull an all-nighter. He decided to drink red bull. He then began to feel jittery. Joe couldn't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness.
Janelle was working on a new project. She loved to weave things on her loom. She worked hard on her blanket for many hours. When she was finished, she snuggled under it on the couch. Janelle was happy she could make her own crafts.
Sonia felt the ball hit her temple before she fell down. Everyone one the baseball field run to her aid. She had trouble distinguishing one face from the next. She tried to stand up but couldn't move. She had to leave the field in an ambulance as people cried for her.
I woke Samantha and Ethan up for school this morning. Ethan never actually got out of bed until it was time to leave home. Samantha and I waited in the car for him. When he came out we only had 5 minutes to get to school. Samantha was angry at him because he murdered her late for class.
Bill bought an aquarium. He filled it with lots of fish. The next day he saw that many fish died. He was sad. He decided to only use a few fish next time so they all had air.
Tom's roommates were playing drinking games. They got too drunk and damaged Tom's table. It was beyond repair. Tom asked them to buy him a new one. They all pitched in and got it.
Last week I tried to run up the stairs. I tripped and fell. Somehow I twisted my ankle rather badly. I have to have a cast on it now. It makes it even harder to go up the stairs.
Joe woke up feeling tired so he wanted some coffee. Joe searched through his cabinets for coffee. Unfortunately, there was no coffee left. Joe had to drive to his favorite coffee shop. He bought some coffee and felt much more awake after drinking it.
One day i ride on the bus going home. I noticed a wallet on the chair where i'm sitting. I open it and i saw a picture of the owner. I decided to leave the bus and find the owner of the wallet. Luckily, i found the owner and give it back to her.
I spent my teenaged years in the Castle Square Projects. They were built in the late sixties. The project buildings were townhouse style buildings. My father grew flowers in the yard. I left the projects when I got married in 1981
Jared really likes the old Nissan hatchback cars. He decided to buy one from a junkyard. The car was in bad shape, but he used elbow grease to fix it up. The car got a new motor and a fresh coat of paint. Now it looks brand new and Jared loves it.
Amy went to a baseball match. She decided to bring a water bottle with her. Since she was thirsty, she finished her water. For the remainder of the game, she had nothing to drink. She passed out because of dehydration.
Han liked nature. But he always seemed to be stuck inside. He noticed his neighbor was planting a garden. So he asked to help. And Han enjoyed watering and taking care of his neighbor's plants.
Gina needed to clean the ice from her windshield. But the ice was hard to scrape off. Gina cranked the heat up and let it blow on the windshield. She waited 10 minutes for the heat to melt the ice. The ice turned to water and she didn't have to scrape the windshield.
Caroline spilled wine on her new fancy dress. She tried to remove it but to no avail. She sent it to the dry cleaner the next day instead. But when she got it back, the stain was still there. She had no choice but to throw it away.
Fred woke up late. He just missed his bus. He then went to his mom's room. His mom then drives him to school. He makes it to first class on time.
Jake was playing pool with a friend. He hit the ball too hard. The ball flew off the table and hit a window. The window cracked and broke. Jake offered to pay for the broken window.
Today there was a movie marathon of Harry Potter. Susie and her friends got together to watch it. After the first movie however, Susie got tired. She started to not have any more interest. As a result she had to shut it off.
Eli was driving to his new home in a new state and he had become lost. He stopped at a gas station and asked the pretty girl for directions. She drew him a map and included her phone number on it! Eli called her as soon as he reached his new home. He spent his first night there having dinner with a great girl!
Erica's eyes open as her phone begins to ring. Dave is calling. Erica frowns and touches a button. The phone goes silent. Erica rolls over and closes her eyes again.
Lydia always loved to eat food of any kind. Her mom always stuck a plate of food in her face. Lydia didn't feel good one day and went to see a doctor. The doctor she was too big and needed to lose weight. Now Lydia and her mom walk every evening after school.
Kevin received an assignment in class that extremely difficult. He fought long and hard to figure out how to finish the assignment. He ultimately opted to copy someone else's work. While copying, he forgot to change a lot of the work or working. The teacher caught his mistakes and gave him an F for cheating.
Tom was a policeman. He got a call one day about an armed robber. He arrived at the scene and the man began shooting at him. Luckily, Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest. He was able to walk away from the scene unharmed.
Caden was a sweet boy who was very tender hearted. He loved his friends, but he was very sensitive to things they said. If he thought someone was making fun of him, he became very defensive. One day his teacher talked with him about how to react to situations. He tried every day to respond to his friends in a positive way.
Tim was eating a hot dog. It fell on the ground. Tim started crying. Jay gave him money for another hot dog. Tim took the money and enjoyed a new hot dog.
Carlos was excited for tonight because it was fourth of July. Carlos bought lots of fireworks. He was going to have a BBQ and fireworks with his family at his house. The night came and Carlos was ready to pop his fireworks. Carlos had a good fourth of July.
There was a kid who didn't like writing. The parents figured out that the kid couldn't see well. They got the kid glasses. The glasses helped the kid focus at school. Now the kid was better at writing.
Melissa always hated her nose. She talked to a plastic surgeon about a nose job. He said she could have a great result with surgery. Melissa went under the knife after a lot of discussion. She was so happy when she saw her new nose!
I hated Mechanical Turk. I decided to get a full-time job. Alas, no one would hire me. I gave up searching for a job after nine months. I had no choice but to continue working on Mechanical Turk.
Fernando owned a computer store. The computer store was not doing very well. Fernando decided to run a huge promotion to bring in some customers. The entire community took advantage of the promotion. Fernando ended up having to close the store and filing for bankruptcy.
We recently purchased a dog from a student. The dog was a nervous little thing and had lots of accidents. While walking my dog one day, a complete stranger approached us. He said that my dog was actually his dog that had recently ran away. After talking, we found that this was his dog and gave him back.
Bernie had a very important birthday coming up. He had done so many things in his life. He had seen so many people he loved pass away. The day of his birthday came and he blew out the candles. Bernie passed away later that day on his 100th birthday.
Kate's grandmother gave her a sweater for christmas. It was really ugly. Unfortunately Kate's grandmother made it herself. Kate had to wear it a few times to show she liked it. She took it off immediately after her grandmother left.
Briana was in class playing with her friend. The two were supposed to be listening but were distracted. They played with little dolls until their teacher stopped them. She confiscated the toys and put them far away. Luckily she gave the toys back at the end of the day.
Shari placed her cell phone on the seat of her car. She went inside, leaving the phone. Shari didn't remember where she put the phone. She dialed her phone number from another phone. Shari's phone rang, allowing her to find it.
Gerard found a sword lying in the woods. He practiced fighting with the sword until he was good. One day, his village went to battle. Gerald fought in the battle with his sword. Gerald helped his village win the battle.
Stanley moved to Mexico so his money would go farther. He turked online, and it paid all his bills. One day, he learned his mturk account was suspended. He could no longer turk. Stanley fell into poverty and had to sell empanadas on the street.
Beth did not know how to cook. She decided she wanted to learn. Her mom started by teaching her how to cook rice. Beth tried and it was a disaster. All she and her mom could do was laugh at the burnt rice.
Amanda always got sick while travelling. Recently, Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness. Amanda talked about the product with her doctor. Surprisingly, Amanda was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item On her next trip, Amanda was happy to report that the product worked.
It had been raining for days. The sky had stayed dark and gloomy. All of a sudden the sun came out. The sky turned blue. There was a rainbow in sky.
I was so excited for High School. When I got there it was terrifying. The kids were always fighting. One day a girl tried to fight me. My mother pulled me right out of that School.
Frank was walking home from work at night. A man approached him and told him to give him his wallet. Frank was scared but obeyed. The strange man then walked away from Frank. Frank was upset but thankful that he is still alive.
Mark and his brothers wanted to go to the beach. One day they packed up their car and headed out to the beach. When they got there they had a lot of fun. They played in the sand and ate ice cream. At the end of the day they packed up their things and headed home.
Gina's mom was going to Target on Saturday. Gina got up and dressed early so she could go with. Her mother was hesitant to let her come with. But Gina promised she would help with the shopping. She was pleased her mother agreed to allow her come with.
Nelly is visiting her friend. Her friend has a really big dog. Nelly is afraid to go anywhere near it. Nelly avoids the dog her whole time there. Nelly is afraid of her friends dog.
There was a little girl who owned a pet rock. She wanted to take it to school with her. She hid it in her backpack. She then showed all of her friends. Her teacher saw it and took it away forever.
Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school. But before his gym class started, it began to rainy. Rick and his class got to watch a sports movie in the auditorium. And Rick didn't get in trouble for forgetting his gym clothes. Rick was very thankful that it rained.
Jimbo loved to go hunting. He usually saw pheasant and pigeons when hunting. Once, Jimbo saw a deer. He eventually scared it off. This was a huge disappointment for Jimbo.
Lisa has a cat named Lucy. Lucy loves catnip toys. Lisa decided to buy Lucy a catnip toy. Lucy played with the toy for a long time. Lucy was sleepy after playing with her toy.
Kevin loves lions and tigers. For his birthday his parents surprised him with a visit to the zoo. He was so excited to see the lions and the tigers. He also got to see a lot of other zoo animals. Kevin had a great time and talked about this zoo visit for days.
Jim and his son went rock climbing last weekend. Jim suddenly fell to the ground. His ankle was twisted badly. Jim's wife rushed him to the hospital. Jim had to have surgery immediately.
Paul was hungry and made a sandwich. He put the sandwich on his favorite plate. The plate was blue and glowed in the dark. While walking out of the kitchen, he tripped and dropped the plate. The plate broke and it ruined his day.
Sue was driving to work. She lost control of her car. She ran into an embankment. Sue hit the tree. Sue's car was totaled.
Dan was hoping he got home before his parents left work. He wanted to get his report card from the mail and keep it from them. When he arrived home his mom's car was in the driveway. He looked through the mail, but the report card was gone. His mother took his X-box for a month due to bad grades.
Megan splurged on a new pair of designer suede shoes. She wore them to work the next day. A freak deluge happened in the afternoon on her way home. Her suede shoes got completely ruined. She never bought suede shoes again.
Ann worked on the conclusion for her novel. She could not decide what happens. Her mom called on the phone. Ann's mom gave her an inspiration. Ann finished her novel.
Ben knew he ate too much candy. He decided to lower his intake. He gradually ate less candy every day. After a few weeks he went several days with none at all. In a few months he was hardly ever eating candy!
Danny is a little over weight. He does not want to become obese. One day he got a personal trainer at the gym. The personal trainer helped him get in shape. Now Danny is very fit.
Mike loved venturing to forests. One day he found a tunnel in a forest. He took his friend anthony to explore it. They saw a ton of graffiti while hearing strange noises. Soon after escaping the tunnel, they found out the tunnel was haunted.
Ray wanted to use his old air conditioner. But it used so much electricity. So he looked for a more energy efficient one. He found one that was somewhat expensive. But he knew that it would save him money in the long run.
Pepper the dog loves playing outside in the country. Pepper went into the city with his owner. He got free and ran away. Pepper was lost. He found his way all the way back to the country.
Molly collected toy horses and dreamed of having a real one. As she lived in a poor city neighborhood, her dream was unlikely. But she worked hard and became a rich lawyer. She bought a farm and a stable of horses. Now, she lets poor kids come ride and learn about horses.
Kenny wanted to make sandwiches for lunch. There was no bread so he used extra lettuce instead. There was no ham so he used extra lettuce for that as well. There was no mayo so he used caesar dressing. Ultimately Kenny had to admit that he had not made sandwiches.
We wanted to get a puppy. We checked out some local contacts. All of them turned out to be scam artists. We were very frustrated. Eventually we gave up on finding a puppy.
I was in Chicago. I was singing with a few people. A man listened to us sing. He gave us tips. It was very helpful.
When Katie was three years old she found a permanent marker. She drew a line on the carpet from one side of the room to the other. When Katie's mom noticed the line she asked what Katie was doing. Katie told her mom it was a racetrack for her toy cars. Katie's mom could not get the stained line out of the carpet!
Susie and Fred just had their first child. But they were interested in adoption. So they reached out to the local adoption agency. Susie then found out she had to wait to adopt. They said she had to wait another ten months.
Carlton has a crush on a girl from school. For months he has been thinking of asking her out. The day comes and he asks her out. The girl tells him no. Carlton is crushed on goes home crying.
I used to love grapes. I ate them everyday. One day I ate a bad grape and got food poisoning. I couldn't eat for three days straight. Now, I do not like grapes anymore.
Gideon had a tiny cabin in a patch of pine trees in the woods. He went into town one day for supplies. While there, he met a man looking for him. The man claimed to be his long lost brother Ted. Gideon knew it was a scam, and punched the man in the face.
Tom found some art in a garage sale. He thought it looked nice and bought it. When he put it up he noticed he had it backwards. Tom flipped the art upside down. It turned out to actually be really ugly.
When he was 16, Jake's family had to move to Louisiana. Jake didn't want to move away from his friends. He made a plan so he wouldn't have to move. He got a job and his own apartment close to his school. Jake ended up not moving to Louisiana with his family.
Andy was an avid lover of music. However, Andy absolutely loved listening to Blues music. Andy loved hearing music that had more melody than words. In addition, Andy loved the passion from the lyrics as well. Andy truly was a loved of Blues music.
James is late to work today. He rushes out of the house and drives very fast toward the office. However, a police officer pulls him over for driving too fast. The officer gives James a speeding ticket. James decides he will never try to drive that fast again.
A large tree had branches that grew over power lines. During a large storm the tree was shook by the wind. The wind was so strong the tree fell over. The branches crashed through the power lines. The town instantly lost power.
Sara was told not to trust food found in the wild. As she was playing outside, she came across a berry bush. The berries looked swollen, ripe, and so sweet. Sara plucked several berries quickly and ate them voraciously. Poor Sara then spent most of the night ejecting the poisonous berries.
Amy wanted strawberry ice cream. At the store the shelf where it sat was empty. She decided to try a different flavor. She bought Rocky Road and went home. Amy loved it so much she finished the pint off that night.
James enjoys his morning coffee. James wakes up early just to make coffee before he leaves. He gets everything ready to make coffee. He then realizes they're out of coffee filters. He arrives at work only to discover someone brought extra coffee.
It was Max's first trip to Hawaii. He really wanted to see the lava flow. So he paid for a helicopter ride. However, the weather was awful the day of the ride. Max went home without ever having seen the lava.
The girl was playing in a pile of leaves outside. There was a large ditch in front of her home. She liked to play in it almost every day. One day, she saw a giant bullfrog in the leaves. She "rescued" the bullfrog, and named it Big Mama.
John was trying to log into facebook. He had forgotten his password. After several tries he kept getting it wrong. He finally decided to change it instead. John remembers his new password much better.
Both of Jay's parents smoked cigarettes and hated it. One afternoon Jay's friend offered him a cigarette after school! Jay remembered his parents' miserable coughing and illnesses. He shook his head emphatically. He was determined never to become a smoker!
Mark purchased two tickets for the nine o'clock show. Mary saw him exit the line and headed to the concession. Mark joined Mary on the concession stand line. When it was their turn, they ordered refreshments. Mark and Marty took their snacks into the theater.
John went to the gas station to buy a lottery ticket. He had never won but he always had high hopes. That night he watched the television for the winning numbers. He listened for the numbers to be called out. To his surprise, he had finally won the jackpot and had a great life.
Stan pretended to be a doctor on a forum. He was asked one day about a complicated procedure. Stan told some lies and figured it was the end. Stan read later that the user had died. They had attempted to self-medicate themselves using his advice.
Gunner was skateboarding with his friends. He wanted badly to impress them with his skill. He tried a maneuver that he had not practiced very well. Predictably, he fell and hurt himself. He was immediately concerned that he may have broken a bone.
My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.
Dori wanted to become an RN and went to talk to a college counselor. The counselor assessed her academic background and transfer classes. The counselor advised her on the classes she needed. Dori immediately went home and registered online for her classes. Dori is now going to her RN classes and wants to reach her goal.
Cora loves going to the water park. Today we visited the waterpark together. We took turns riding the slides. Unfortunately the water was really cold. Our lips were blue by the time we left.
John was drunk after the party. He decided to drive home and was going above the speed limit. A cop pulled him over and asked for identification. It turns out that he forgot everyone at the party. The police officer had to arrest him.
Jordan and Stacey met on a starry night. As time passed by they realized they were deeply in love. Not long after, Jordan asked Stacey to marry him. She said yes! The wedding day marked the beginning of a beautiful life.
My daughter's room is a mess. I have to clean it. It is going to take me all day. I took tomorrow off from work. I plan on cleaning it then.
Bobby was walking around his local park. And he saw a few of his classmates. Bobby felt lonely but was too scared to approach them. He continued to walk around. And he hoped they wouldn't see him.
Jim was exercising at the park. He was doing lunges in the field. All of a sudden, he felt his thigh cramp up. He rolled around in the field in pain. Jim was able to complete his workout after his painful cramp.
Matt went up to Jessica and asked her out on a date. Jessica agreed and both planned to go bowling that night. Matt met with Jessica at the bowling alley and began to play. They both went to dinner afterwards. After dinner, Matt drove her home and kissed her on the cheek.
Sam always wanted a boat. After his divorce he decided to get one. He didn't care much about price. He bought one within a month. Sam lived off of it for as long as possible.
I play 3 minute speed chess online. My opponent is usually an old friend. He makes unorthodox moves. Last week I started recording his moves and consulting a chess program. This has improved my games.
We open our swimming pool every year in April. We always find a few sacs of frog's eggs floating around in the water. I use my pool net to fish them out and place them in a bucket. I put the bucket in my car and drive it to a nearby pond. When the eggs hatch the tadpoles will be in their new pond home.
The first time I was in a airplane I was by myself. Never have flown before I was very nervous. I was seated next to this older lady and she could tell I was nervous. She told me the best thing is look out window and watch. As we started to move she held my hand after that I never had trouble.
Joe was in his house. He wanted to go play. However it began to rain hard. He was sad. He got happy when he decided to watch tv instead.
Heather decided to spruce up her living room. She began sewing some throw pillows. She made four of them for her couch. When she put them on it, she was thrilled with how they looked. Once she was done, she moved on to the drapes.
Jennifer is brushing her hair. She notices a bug crawling on the sink. She grabs a shoe. She smashes the bug with her shoe. She killed the bug.
I could hear the outboard motor before I saw the boat at our dock. My father's wide grin told me that he had a successful fishing trip. He heaved the silvery gray, enormous fish onto the dock. It was a tuna, the largest any of us had ever seen. As a fisherman's daughter, I knew that we would have tuna for dinner.
Harry is a 78 year old professor who lives in the building. He likes to talk to people. I do not care to talk to him as he is arrogant. Today he saw me on the bench and approached me. I pretended to be reading, and he walked on by.
Abe noticed the tiles in the kitchen were dirty. He got out cleaning materials and set about using them. After a couple of hours, he finally finished scrubbing the kitchen. Abe looked on proudly at the now shining linoleum tiles. Abe put away all the cleaning items and enjoyed his clean kitchen.
I installed a fire pit in my backyard. I decided to use it one night. I accidentally let some coals fall out. They ignited the grass in my yard! I had to call 911 and the firefighters scolded me.
Charlie got a new transformer toy for his birthday. But his sister continued to take the toy from him. At last, Charlie's parents got his sister a new toy. Now both kids have toys that they can play with. The fighting has ceased, and they are playing quietly.
Marianne pulled her sputtering car to the side of the road. She opened the car's hood to find the engine belching smoke. It had overheated due to trouble with the carburetor. Marianne patched a fix and carefully drove into town. She just barely managed to get it to a mechanic.
My friend, Brian, was very ill. Brian thought he should go to an emergency room. I offered to give Brian a ride. Brian accepted my offer. So Brian and I got in my truck and left for an emergency room.
Snapper jumped into a murky lake. Marcy yelled at her to stay out of there. We were afraid she would get hurt by a gator. There were also snapping turtles in the pond. She never got hurt, and climbed back out.
One night while walking my girlfriend home, she saw a strange shape. I looked and realized that it's an opossum. We went running after it. When we caught up, it stopped and stared at us. We took a few photos and then let it go on its way.
Guy wasn't feeling well. He decided to take a nap on the couch. He fell asleep for hours. His wife got home and woke him. It was time to go to bed.
McKayla's boyfriend needed a haircut. She had never cut hair before but decided to try. At first, the cut went fairly well. Suddenly, she gasped. She had accidentally gut an entire bald patch on his head.
They were down to the last piece of cake. Both Danny and his brother Marc wanted to eat it. After much arguing, their mother stepped in with a solution. Danny would be allow to cut the cake into two pieces. And Marc would be allowed first pick at what piece he wanted.
Larissa was so excited for her first day of school and couldnt wait. The second she walked into the classroom, there were smiling faces. Larissa's teacher introduced herself and was very nice. She made a brand new friend for the first time. At the end of the day, Larissa was beaming.
Joe is a great painter. He has been doing it a long time and it shows. His work is quite popular. Many of his fans travel many miles to see his exhibits. His art is a little pricey but always sells out anyway.
Jess was taking her driving test. She got into the car with the test proctor. Jess forgot to buckle her seat belt. She backed into a parked car. Jess failed her driving exam.
Marilyn and her friends were walking home from school. They were followed by a man in a white truck. The girls ran home and told their parents what had happened. Their parents called the police. Soon, the man was caught and questioned.
Rex is starving hungry but he has no food at home. He feels too lazy to go to the grocery store. Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery. He eats a delicious stir fry with rice. Rex is so happy to have eaten something so good.
On July 4th I went to a fireworks show. The fireworks were very loud. They were also very pretty. Everyone in the audience was amazed by them. I thought it was very cool to see fireworks.
Tim was walking around downtown. It had recently snowed. Tim walked on a patch of slippery ice. He almost fell and made several silly motions. People around him started to laugh.
Sue signed up for a photography class at school. Right away they learned how to develop film. Soon they were learning about exposure and composition. Sue's photographs impressed many of her friends. Now Sue is a photographer for the school newspaper.
Becky was driving to school one day. She was turning onto a different road when she had an accident. Another car had slammed into the side of the car. Becky's car was really banged up. Thankfully Becky escaped the crash barely hurt.
Arnie was heavily invested in a company that makes phones. He decided to attend the annual shareholders meeting. Arnie didn't like the information that he heard at the meeting. He decided to sell his stock in the company. He was glad he sold his stock when the price dropped significantly.
Alex's mom wanted to be able to contact him. She bought him a cell phone. She called him everyday after school. He used it to talk to his friends, too. Alex felt grown up having his own phone.
Greg was driving home from work one day. He reached down to grab his phone because it was ringing. When he looked up he saw a semi coming towards him. Greg did not have enough time to turn his car. He hit the truck head on.
Mrs Brawner was a cruel teacher. She was very abusive to the kids. One of the girls in my class was always in trouble. She grabbed her pigtails and yanked them hard. She threatened her if she told anyone.
It was Ben's first day of kindergarten. He was very nervous that he wouldn't know anyone in his class. When he got there he was assigned a seat. It was right next to his friend Joe. He felt lucky to have a seat next to someone he knew.
The student had worked hard for four years. His GPA was just on the edge for graduating with honor. He was not able to be honored at the ceremony. The final grades for the last semester were not in yet. His diploma showed the honors designation when it arrived.
Our apartment building has a clubroom. It has free coffee, comfortable seats and Wi-Fi. I went downstairs to read. One tenant had several loud guests over. Luckily they left after a while and I was able to read.
Mary had long hair up to her waist. One day, Mary was vacuuming the floor. She bent down to pick something from the floor. Her hair got caught in the vacuum cleaner. Mary had to cut her hair to separate it from the vacuum cleaner.
Tim went on a cruise vacation. He relaxed in the hot tub every night. His favorite activity was exploring each island the boat stopped at. Tim bought many souvenirs. He was sad when his vacation was over.
Jan's lamp broke. Jan decided to get a new lamp. He went to the store. He found a lamp he liked. He bought the lamp.
Heather had just made some dinner rolls. She left the tray on her counter to cool. When she returned minutes she saw bugs all over the rolls. She shooed them away but it was useless. The bread was ruined so she threw it all out.
Ethan jumped on his bike, heading for Gamestop. The change jingled in his pocket as he neared the end of the block. He raced over the hill and parking lot to the store entrance. The bell jangled on the door as he entered. The clerk gave him a familiar smile and ushered him in.
Joey got his report card back from school. He had done poorly his last school grading period. Joey was supposed to get his report card signed. He tried to sign their signature instead. Joey's teacher recognized Joey's handwriting and called his parents.
Dan was driving home from work. He decided to pick up some snacks to take home. He went into his local gas station. Picked up some doritos and a lottery ticket. Dan scratched off the ticket and won a 100 dollars!
Tyler was the basketball star in high school. He took his team to the final four. But they did not make it past that. His skills were good enough to play in college. He earned a basketball scholarship.
Tom and Beth were dating. Tom wanted to go on a fun date. Tom suggested ice skating. His date was excited and they went ice skating. Tom and Beth grew closer during their ice skating date.
Alex quit an intolerable minimum wage job. Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon. Alex's parents demanded that he seek some type of work. Alex went to a job fair. Alex was hired for a new minimum wage job.
Tina had gained fifty pounds over the last year. She was determined to get into shape. Tina started to eat right. Her friends got Tina to join a gym. Tina lost all the weight she had gained.
Bob got into a car accident and was worried it might be his fault. He decided to find a lawyer to represent him. After being proved innocent, Bob became interested in courts and law. Bob went to law school and learned everything he needed to know. Bob passed his exams and became a licensed lawyer to help many people.
David packed a small rucksack with his belongings. He took a taxi to the train station. He boarded a train bound for Albuquerque. In the middle of the night, he arrived. Laura was waiting with a small suitcase of her own.
The computer in the supermarket had a glitch. When a can of soup was scanned it came up as $60. No one noticed the problem all day. When the manager collected the money at night he was shocked. He decided to keep the mistake for now.
Hope was in her first ballet performance of The Nutcracker. She asked her cousin Annie to fix her hair and make-up. Annie had just graduated from cosmetology school and was glad to help. On the day of the performance the cousins were both excited. The ballet was beautiful and so was Hope!
As I walked out of the shed, I closed the door. I slipped on the wooden step. I fell down the steps to the ground. I landed on a rusty saw. It cut open my arm.
Josh liked to shove people in the hall. He was a bully. One day, Josh shoved Junior. Junior punched Josh in the face. Josh didn't shove people in the hall anymore.
Tabitha had ordered a lot of stuff for Christmas. Unfortunately, not all of it made it on time. Several of her gifts were scheduled to arrive after Christmas. She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday. When everything arrived, she opened her gifts.
Pam hasn't shown up for work the last week. She had been looking very ill, but always seemed to be positive. Her desk was covered in little notes about thinking good thoughts. Her coworkers had to pack everything up since she wouldn't return. Among the notes was an affirmation about not letting cancer beat her.
Greg stood near the monkey enclosure at the zoo. He looked at his zoo map. Suddenly, a strong wind blew the map out of his hands. The map landed in the monkey enclosure. Several curious monkeys began reading the map.
Carissa woke up with a fever and belly ache. Mom called the doctor to make an appointment. The doctor verified that Carissa had the flu. Mom picked up all of Carissa work from school to be done at home. In one week Carissa was better and able to go back to school.
Sam was new at the office. He was asked to fax some papers. The papers never arrived. When asked why Sam pointed to the shredder. He accidentally put the papers there instead of the fax.
Tom's refrigerator broke down. He couldn't afford to replace it right away. Tom invited all his friends over to eat. He figured he had to get rid of the food that would go bad. His friends all pitched in and had great meals.
Lucille had a big cup of juice. She was walking through the room. Suddenly, she tripped on a cord. Her juice spilled. Then, she had to clean it all up.
Alexa was asleep in bed. Suddenly she heard a thud in the kitchen. She realized her toddler had woken up without her. She went to wrangle him and found a gigantic mess. She felt like yelling but instead calmly cleaned it all.
Jerry wanted to learn how to box. His parents enrolled him in a boxing school. During his first lesson he got punched hard. It made him cry. Jerry no longer wants to box.
Tim bought a new vehicle. He did not know which type of gas to buy for his vehicle. He wanted the best performance. He asked a mechanic if 91 or 95 was better. He learned 95 is best and only used that type for his car.
Fred loves to play crazy eights. He tried to start a crazy 8s club in his school. Not many people knew of the game though. He wasn't able to get enough signatures to start it. He gave up and couldn't start the club.
Fourteen children stood on a white line in the school yard. They were playing a new game during recess. One girl ran at full speed into the line of children. The children stopped her and added her to the line. There were now fifteen children in the line.
My son has been asking me for a new dog for weeks. I finally decided to say yes to the idea. We went to the local pet store and bought a boxer. The dog is full of energy and needs walked every day. My son loves taking his dogs on walks and I am glad we got him.
Griffin needed to write a book report for school. He went to the library to find a book. He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln. Griffin started to read the book, but fell asleep. When he woke, Griffin decided to pick a different topic.
Crysta bought a bag of apples at the grocery store. She went to the barn where her horse was kept. She gave him an apple. She shared apples with other people for their horses, too. The horses loved the apples.
My mom had decided she was going to move. She rented a small apartment. My family packed up all her belongings. We set them up in her new living space. She thanked us for all our hard work.
When I tried to leave, my car wouldn't start. I had jumper cables with me in the car. I just needed someone's help to start the car. Before I knew it someone had stopped to help. We were able to jump-start the car without a problem.
Gabe was trick or treating with his cousins. Gabe was the youngest one in the group. His cousins ran off and left him alone. Gabe was scared and crying when he finally got home. Gabe's cousins got in trouble for leaving him behind.
Gina's brother Jay had an attitude issue. He promised to work to improve it. But he was the same rude person to Gina. In some ways his attitude was worse. Gina barely spoke to him, and avoided him as much as possible.
Tom was fixing his car. He bought a new part for it. Unfortunately it came with different bolts. Tom went online to find a solution. He wound up having to buy an adapter.
Cass was very thirsty. But she wanted dessert too, since dinner had just ended. Cass decided to handle both problems at once. She made a thick milkshake. She drank it to relieve her thirst AND her craving for sweets!
Tim was preparing to move to a new home. He realized he had no boxes to pack his things. He drove to the liquor store. He asked for free boxes. He received the boxes and used them to help himself move.
Sally took out several ingredients. Since it's her first time cooking, she was a little hesitant. She ended up placing too much frying oil in the pan. It splashed everywhere once it became hot. Sally's mom tried cleaning up the mess.
Andy wanted to be a tennis player. So he took lessons at local tennis center. And he became decent at tennis. But the tennis center closed down before Andy could go very far. And Andy gave up on being a tennis player.
Dave stood on the street and ranted about government. People walked by and thought he was an actor by how animated he was. The crowd that he drew caused Dave to get even more animated. People threw money at Dave for his wonderful performance. Dave took a bow once he finished his rant.
A new grocery store was opening in town. First hundred customers got a hundred dollar gift certificate. I got there at six in the morning to wait in the already long line. Finally, near opening time, workers started passing out the goodies. They ran out about five people ahead of me.
Missy and her family wanted to get a fresh Christmas tree. They drove to a local farm to find a tree. Missy walked around until she found one she liked. They cut down the tree but it was too large for their car. Missy and her family had to settle for a smaller Christmas tree.
Sue decided that she wanted to write a play for the local theater. She wanted the play to have a fun local flavor that people would love. After sitting in a city park the perfect play idea came to her. When she was finished she gave it to the local theater to perform. She was thrilled to see performers acting out her words on stage.
My dad always told me thunderbirds were classic cars. I got a silver one when I turned 18. Everyone at school was jealous the next day. They sometimes asked to borrow the car. I told them there was no way that would happen.
Dan picked up some complimentary flash cards at a trade show. They were filled with demonstration software and set to be read-only. Dan reprogrammed the on-board processor to make them appear as NICs. He left his modified cards around for people to find. Dan now owns a botnet with some very high value targets.
The smoke permeated the entire room. I could feel it getting hotter with the door closed. I didn't say anything because I didn't want to be offensive. I felt like my nostrils were closing up on me. I could barely breathe from all the smoke.
Pierre was hired to design a videogame character. He worked hard, and stayed up all night to perfect the design. After weeks of hard work, Pierre could not design the right image. Suddenly, Pierre was inspired by a television commercial. He drew a perfect character design and the game company loved it.
I found out that it was my friend's birthday tomorrow. I decided that I should make a cake. I didn't have flour for the cake! I went to the store and forgot to buy what I was there for. I was relieved when the next day someone brought cupcakes.
Kate's mom was painting the living room. Her mom was eager and began talking about the paint. Kate didn't want to spend the day painting. Kate slunk off silently and went to her room as he mom kept talking. She closed her door and hoped her mom wouldn't come ask for help.
Daniel watched the spinning blades of his cottage. He saw giant bugs flying around it. In the humid air of the amazon, he couldn't sleep. He got up and looked outside. He saw two glowing eyes staring back at him, and he went back to bed.
Blaine was thinking of buying a new car. Blaine went to the dealership. They ran his credit and said sir you're credit is horrible. Turns out someone stole Blaine's identity. Blaine got more than he bargained for when going to the dealership.
Bob inherited a few hundred glass animals he didn't what to do. He tried to arrange them on his book case and coffee table. He has too many animals to display properly. His friend informed Bob about an upcoming flea market. Bob jumped for joy at the prospect of selling off the animals.
Alex wanted to have a pool party for his birthday. He invited all his friends to come to the party. The day of the party it was really hot and sunny. Alex decided to go off the dive for the first time. He had the greatest party ever.
Christopher was a very volatile man. He slept with a new woman every night. He had never planned to fall in love, but when it happened, he froze. He had no idea what to do with only one woman. As she was very sweet, he learned over time and was happy.
Tommy enjoyed cooking so much that he became a Chef. He heard a sports team was coming in tomorrow. Tommy had to decide what to make and fast. He went to the market to gather materials for tomorrow's big event. Tommy made a bunch of spaghetti and salad for the team, they loved it.
Jennifer loved to read poignant short stories. One day she found a book containing The Scarlet Ibis. She'd heard of the story and read it with great expectations. Somehow the story was even better than she'd hoped. Now the Scarlet Ibis is Jennifer's favorite short story.
Yesterday we were told the landlord was installing fire equipment. The equipment is designed to stop stovetop fires. The installers were coming during the day today. Our installer came at 2 pm and was done in 15 minutes. We waited a long time and were glad they were done.
Ryan had always wanted to form his own band. After many months, Ryan was able to find band members. Ryan's band did very well and became famous. They created a lot of good music. Now they are known throughout the globe.
I agreed to run a local fundraiser for a candidate for office. I gathered the materials and went to the local mall. I set up my equipment and let the invited into the hall. I gave my pitch and asked them for their support. I was happy when we raised the amount we needed.
Tommy got arrested for stealing some expensive jeans. Tommy's dad hired a pricy lawyer to defend him. The judge sentenced him to community service. Tommy didn't complete the community service. Tommy's dad made sure there were no consequences for his actions.
We left the island yesterday. Then we had to get in the ferry to go home. But it took forever. We were on the road for hours. Finally we made it home and we were exhausted.
Callie was out with friends for dinner. Her waiter hadn't been around to take their orders. Callie and her friends had to place their orders with another waiter. She saw their waiter leaning on the bar, playing on his phone. Callie didn't leave the waiter a tip.
Ann wanted to be a runner. And her goal was to complete next month's marathon. She trained very hard and ate well. But she didn't feel prepared for the marathon. So she decided to quit at the last second.
Once a little girl planted a seed. She watered it every day. She often wondered when the seed would sprout. Every day, she would sit in the garden and watch the hours pass by. One day, she finally saw the sprout, the fruits of her hard work.
Mitsy found a little cat by her work one Sunday Morning. When she reached to pick it up she realized it was missing a leg. She felt extreme compassion and decided to immediately adopt the kitty. She took him home and he became her pet, taking excellent care of him. She lived a happy life and was once again a happy kitty minus a leg.
The boys loved playing video games. Minecraft was their favorite. They would spend all day building houses in the game. They talked nonstop about their game. They couldn't wait to play after school every day!
Jack was starting kindergarten. He was scared. He had never even been to daycare. His mom walked him to the door and kissed him bye. He had a great first day.
Tim's mother was sick. Tim was playing loudly by her bed. His mother asked him to be quiet. She couldn't sleep with him being loud. Tim decided to be quiet so she could rest.
The runners lined up. They were racing ten miles. The shot rang out and they all took off. The runner from Kenya quickly took the lead. The spectators cheered as they all ran by.
Jess loved looking at image of cats. She was on her favorite website, searching for the latest cats. She found pages of new entries. After around ten minutes, she got bored. Jess stopped browsing and called for her kitty.
Kevin went to the park to ride his skateboard. He saw an older kid doing a really cool trick. Kevin practiced because he wanted to do the trick too. The older kid noticed and gave Kevin some advice. By the end of the day, Kevin left the park knowing a new trick.
I got a fresh loaf of bread at the deli. They make it daily. It was sourdough. It was delicious and warm. I decided to go back regularly.
Glenn had never learned to swim as a child. He wanted to go to the pool with his friends. His apprehension prevented him from having fun. One day he went to the pool for private lessons. This gave Glenn the courage to go swimming with his friends.
My friend turned on the radio. A great song was playing. It got stuck in my mind. Years later, I was trying to remember the song but I forgot it. After a few hours, I remembered and I was happy!
Helan wanted to be a stand up comic. She went to an open mic night. The audience did not like her jokes. She decided to not pursue her dream. Helen is a sales associate instead.
I had to get something on top of the cabinet. I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove. My hand accidentally hit a bowl. It fell and cracked the Stove. I had to buy a new one.
The elementary school was have a father-daughter dance. Lana's dad asked her to go. She picked out a dress. He took her to dinner. It was the perfect first dance.
Fred was playing baseball in the yard. He hit the ball as hard as he could. When he hit the ball it shattered the window. Fred was scared. He knew his parents would ground him.
Tim went jogging one morning. He wasn't paying attention and hit a tree. He fell down and broke his ipod. Tim didn't even care and kept running. He realized though how boring it was without music.
Dee wanted a dress so badly that she begged her mom to buy it. Her mom told her that she couldn't afford to buy the dress for her. Dee decided to get a job. As it turned out, she was hired where the dress she wanted was. She earned the money and bought it on a discount.
Lily was on a week long field trip in the desert with her colleagues. They left each day at 9 am sharp for field work. Unfortunately Lily took longer to get ready in the morning. One morning they almost left without Lily. Lily made an effort to wake up earlier for the rest of the trip.
Jim was driving to work. All of a sudden, he had to decrease his speed. Traffic was at a complete stop. He could not figure out what was wrong. When he got closer he saw a group of ducks crossing the road.
Ron ordered delivery pizza and was looking for his wallet to pay. The delivery guy knocked on the door but Ron couldn't find the wallet. Ron apologized and asked the pizza guy to wait a minute. The pizza guy shows him a wallet he found in the driveway. Ron thanked him for finding the wallet and gave him a huge tip.
John wanted to sell his home. John called a realtor. He asked the realtor to help him sell his home. The realtor agreed. The realtor sold John's home.
Bob wanted to become a magician. He learned all the best tricks. He decided to audition for a show in Las Vegas. He won the audition! He was finally a professional magician.
Ryan loved steel items. He liked how strong they were. One day, he went to a big store. Ryan searched for many hours for the perfect item. Finally, Ryan was able to get a steel pot for his home.
Patty went to a haunted house with her friends. She hated horror movies and scary themes. Every corner they turned in the house, a masked person jumped out. Patty screamed every single time it happened. She never wanted to go to another haunted house again after that.
My friend Don lives in his car. He had a nice job once. He left his family to find himself. Soon he was unemployed and sold things on ebay. He lives in a car because his ebay business does not pay enough.
Matt threw a party. It was a lot of fun for Matt. He loved being with his friends and having a good time. The only problem is that it made his house messy. He had to clean up the place by himself, so he was upset.
Dane was really into punk music. He owned an extensive punk music collection. He purchased many leather garments. He got his hair done in a crazy fashion. His middle-class parents were confused about the source of his angst.
Dan recently purchased a new cellphone. Dan decided he would download his favorite game to his phone. After looking through the app store, Dan found the app. Dan patiently waited for the download to finish so he could play. Dan could not wait until he could play Farmville on his phone.
Tom had a cookout. He invited several friends over. He wasn't paying enough attention. He wound up burning them. Toms' friends didn't hold it against him.
Jamie wanted to buy her first car. She saved up enough money at her part time job. Her dad went car hunting with her. She settled with a baby blue Volkswagen Beetle. She drove out of the car lot filled with joy!
Sam was playing monopoly. None of his friends knew that he was cheating on the game. Thanks to his cheating, he was winning the game. Suddenly, his friend Max noticed and called him out for cheating. Sam was too embarrassed to admit it and ran from the room.
Timmy was walking down to the bus stop. He planned on taking the bus to school. He waited for an hour but the bus did not show. He had to walk to school. It took him an hour to get to school.
I had just taken a shower. As I walked out of the bathroom my brother wiped deodorant on my face. I washed the deodorant off my face and got dressed. I then grabbed some deodorant and went looking for my brother. I found him in the basement and wiped deodorant all over his face.
Ethan didn't know how to give his whole heart to a church. He really wanted to go all in. He decided to pray for direction. He prayed for help. He received an answer.
Janet had always wanted to be a dancer. She couldn't afford dance lessons! She decided to teach herself and danced everyday. She quickly became very good. That summer she was accepted into a dance production!
Jake was eating a snack outside. He put the snack on the picnic table to play on his bike. Jake came back to his bike. Ants had gotten back to his snack. Jake threw away his snack.
Tom wanted to stand out at school. It was his first day. He decided to wear attention grabbing stuff. The other kids thought he looked too bright and silly. Tom never wore that again.
Arthur Bomar stalked Amy Willard. He saw her in a bar and followed her out as she was leaving. As she drove on the highway, his car bumped hers and she pulled over. He abducted her, raped, and murdered her and dumped her body. He was caught and tried for murder with a jury finding him guilty.
I was outside watching a flock of young sparrows. Suddenly a sparrow hawk came down out of the sky! The hawk dived through the center of the flock. The sparrows scattered frantically in every direction. The hawk did not catch any of the sparrows.
Susie was running late for work. She couldn't find her car keys anywhere. She searched everywhere in her apartment. She finally found her car key in her front porch. Her dog had taken it outside.
Anna wanted her hair in a French braid. But she had no idea how to do it. She looked up a video online. The video helped her through each step of the process. Anna was proud of her creative learning method.
Angelica wanted to make a good impression at the upcoming dance. She decided to make her own dress so she'd look unique. With help from her sister, she crafted a beautiful green dress. She received several compliments and had a wonderful night. Angelica decided to make her own clothes more often in the future.
Megan has a date tonight with someone she met online. She is very nervous because she really likes this guy. They have been talking for weeks now online. They went to a nice restaurant and Megan had a great time! They have been on five dates now and things are going great.
Tom was texting his friend Adam. Adam sent Tom a message late at night. Tom replied, but Adam did not respond. Adam had fallen asleep. Adam texted Tom in the morning.
The man filled out his address. The company sold the address. The advertiser sent an advertisement to the address. The man bought something. The advertiser marked his name as a potential customer.
Tom thought it was a perfect day for golf. The sun was out and the weather was perfect. He decided to take the day off from work and play a game. Once there it started raining. He couldn't go back to work so he decided to play anyway.
McKayla had always wanted a guinea pig for a pet. When she was 9, her parents finally agreed she could have one. She loved her pet, but started slacking off when cleaning his cage. Her parents told her he would be taken back if she didn't clean right. Properly chastened, McKayla took better care of her pet.
Tammy woke up late one night during a storm. It was really hot in her home. She realized the air conditioner wasn't running. Tammy saw that the power had gone out. Tammy wasn't able to fall back asleep because she was sweaty.
Tom attended an enormous state university. He had never explored the entire campus. He decided he wanted to. He hired a tour guide. During the tour he finally saw his entire university's campus.
Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper. As the printing machine printed copies new information came in. The information contradicted the lead of the article. Rich yelled to stop the press! That was the only time in his career he stopped the press machine.
Mike walked downstairs to leave for work. When he opened his front door, a large dog was standing there. The god looked very angry and began to bark at Mike. Mike ran inside and grabbed his bottle of mace. He sprayed the dog who began to whimper and went on his way.
Alan got drunk at a party one night and went home with a stranger. In the morning he regretted his actions very much. He went that day for an HIV test. He was terrified until he got the negative results. Alan vowed never to do anything so stupid again.
Emily sat at home alone yet another Friday night. Emily decided this would be her last night of moping alone. She signed up for many different dating services and waited. The next was contacted by a man asking her on a date. Emily was no longer alone and was dating again.
Often times people hope for perfect weather for their wedding. But sometimes mother nature does not agree with them. Friends of ours had an outside wedding scheduled. But the weekend of the wedding it poured the whole time. They ended up having to get wood to cover the muddy lawn.
Ethan went off-roading in his Jeep. It got dirt all over it. The dirt got caked on. He took it to the car wash. It looked brand new.
My father was a contestant on Big Brother. His strategy was to be friends with everyone. Unfortunately he failed to make alliances. His floater status kept him in the game for a long time. He was finally voted out in 6th place.
Matthew was feeding his horses in the morning. He forgot to lock the door of the pin behind him. His horse Fred pushed the door and ran out. Matthew ran after him for an hour. His neighbour caught him and gave him to Matthew.
Tina's date took her to a college party. She was surprised, since she had expected a quiet dinner and movie. She decided to give the party a chance. But inside, everyone was drinking and getting crazy! Tina angrily demanded that her date take her home right away.
A farmer planted some corn seed in the ground and watered them. He watched over the weeks as they grew. Once the corn was 5' tall he harvested the corn. He put the corn in bushels and took them to the market. He sold a lot of corn at the market that day.
Kathy was taking a shower. She was pregnant and her balance was off. Suddenly, she slipped on some soapy water. She decided to go to the emergency room just in case. Luckily, she and the baby were fine.
I was playing with my six year old neighbor one day. We decided to draw cupcakes on the sidewalk. She started to examine my cupcakes and her face changed. She was jealous because she thought my cupcakes looked better. She rushed off to her room and wouldn't talk to me anymore.
The aliens converged on Cleveland. There were ones from all the great universes. They attended conferences and had greasy meals. Some of them hadn't been on shows for decades. Then they left, not to come back until the conference next year.
Kia gave up soda for Lent. She thought it would be difficult. But she ended up finding a lot of beverage variety! She explored juices and flavored waters. Kia did not even miss soda at all!
Sam was walking on the street during the night time. The bus dropped her off near her house. Before she moved to the nearest street to her house, she was attacked. A thief was trying to take her money. She ended up knocking the thief unconscious and ran away.
Frank has the biggest sweet tooth. He was really craving some candy on Saturday. He decided to go to a candy store. Frank spent half an hour picking candy he wanted. Frank ended up getting four cavities.
Richie had a mean drunk for a father. His mom had enough and she ran off one day. Richie's dad got drunk and took it out on him. Richie longed for the day he was old enough to leave. When he was sixteen, he forged his documents and joined the army.
Sarah was going to visit her friends in another state. She packed all her things for the trip in the car and set off. She drove for 12 hours before she arrived at her destination. Sarah was thrilled to see her friends again. She postponed the drive back for a few days.
Kendall was arguing with her boyfriend. She was so mad that she kicked him out of the house. Even though the door was locked, he tried to bust back in. This caused the door to break, distracting them from their fight. They managed to reconcile as they fixed it together.
I went to a website to fill out a form for school. The guidance counselor said that it would be easy. It took me a long time to complete the form I told my guidance counselor about this. She said that she was sorry,
I needed to lose weight. I was getting really fat. I decided to do push ups. I also did sit ups. After a month I had a huge six pack stomach.
John is having a bet with his friend. He bets he can make it all the way home with half a tank of gas. While driving about 3 miles away from home the car starts slowing down. John eventually runs out of gas 1 mile away. John loses the bet.
Alice love her Baby Ruth candy bars. She would eat them all the time. One day her tooth started to hurt. She had a cavity from all the candy. Alice likes candy a little less now.
Jack brought Sylvia back to his apartment after a nice date. The dinner had gone well and Jack easily made her laugh. Suddenly, Sylvia started sneezing uncontrollably. Jack's two cats then greeted the pair at the door. Sylvia was allergic to cats.
Tom bought a new set of tools. He was excited to own his own tools. He paid very little money for them. The tools quickly rusted. Tom was no longer excited about his tools.
Donna had woken up and gone for a jog early in the morning. When she got home, her husband had laid out a large breakfast for her. She began to eat, waiting for her husband so she could thank him. Her husband finally appeared, with presents and a bouquet of flowers. It was then Donna remembered today was her birthday.
Dave was curious about aliens. So he stayed up all night to read abduction stories and alien theories. Dave began to believe aliens were real. And was too scared to go to bed. That night, he slept with a tinfoil hat on.
Jim noticed a small rash on his ear. It was itching and causing him some discomfort. Jim put some lotion on the rash. It immediately stopped feeling itchy. Jim was relieved and stopped thinking about his rash.
A homeless man was walking across the street. He approached my car as soon as he saw my family. My dad tried to argue at him however, the man didn't give up begging. My dad ended up closing his door window and drove off. We ended up being pulled over by a cop since we passed a red light.
Bob was hired to work nights at an oil refinery in his home town. A first it wasn't hard going to bed early and giving up a social life. After the first year he missed his friends and family events. He slowly became depressed and began drinking more. After five years of night work he finally quit and found a new job.
My dad first taught me how to drive a car. When I was 16 he would let me practice in an empty parking lot. I remember my first time riding on the street, I was so nervous! Luckily, I calmed my nerves and drove perfect, following all rules. Not to long after that day I was able to get my license.
Joshua moved to a new neighborhood. He had a lot of fun neighbors. He stood outside and drank a beer and talked to them. Then he drank a few more and talked longer. Soon he was out of beer and ready to go inside.
Joe got a new tablet for his birthday. He had to figure out how to work it. As he was playing with it, his nephew came running. He knocked it out of Joe's hand. The tablet went crashing to the floor and the screen broke.
Sarah and John are happily living together. John stays at home while Sarah works. One day Sarah came home from work early. Sarah caught John sleeping with her best friend. Sarah broke up with John.
Tony was getting ready for a date. He was getting dressed. Tony put on clothes that didn't match. He picked up his date. Tony's date laughed at his clothes.
Brad was mean to his pets, kicking and hitting his dogs. Everyone hated him, but they didn't know what to do. Then one day Brad kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street. The cop took Brad to jail! Now bad Brad is behind bars and can't kick anybody.
Sandra wanted new bed sheets. So she gave her old ones to her aunt. Sandra then went to the store. She found a very nice bed sheet. Sandra loved her new bed sheets.
Allie needed sunscreen. But she didn't want a big bottle. So she went to the drugstore. She found a very small bottle. It was a tenth of an ounce.
Amy had an invitation to her friend Ella's party. Amy didn't want to see Ella's brother whom she had a crush on. Amy and her friend Beth weighed the options. It was clear to Amy Ella would be offended if she didn't go. In the end she decided to go with Beth as her support.
Milo realizes that his back has begun to grow hair. He decides that he doesn't want to have any hair on his back. He carefully plucks some of the hair off using tweezers. It is a difficult process, but he finally gets all the hair. Milo is happy that he no longer has back hair.
Jon's house was robbed in the middle of the night. Jon decided he needed to protect himself. Jon decided to buy a gun from the black market. Eventually, a robber tried to rob Jon's house again. Jon shot the robber but was arrested for illegal possession.
June was going to the beach with friends. The weather said it would be clear and sunny. She did not think twice about rain. When she got to the beach it began to rain. June and her friends had to spend the weekend in the hotel.
I was on my way home when i noticed i lost my phone. I tried to find it in my bag but it's not there. I tried to call my number and luckily someone answered it. He said he found my phone on the cab and he's willing to return it. We decided to meet up for him to return my phone.
The football draft was last night and everyone was excited. But the one player was having computer problems. He mistakenly put people in his queue before it started. Then it started to draft and it drafted these players by mistake. He was so sad to find this out the hard way.
A newly married couple were getting started together. The wife didn't know how to cook very well. The husband taught her how to cook many dishes. The wife practiced every day with the husband. One day, she cooked him his favorite meal and he smiled.
Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day. She decided she would stay in the basement all day. She opened the curtain to let the light in. It was still too dark, so she turned on the overhead light. After a few hours the room was no longer cool.
Mike had to take his dog for a walk. When he grabbed the leash the dog jumped up. He took the dog outside for a long walk. When they returned home, the dog sat in front of his treat bowl. The dog wanted a reward for going on a walk.
Eliza had to do a trust fall in gym class. She climbed the rope unsteadily. Then, shaking, she closed her eyes and fell backwards. A net of friends caught her and lowered her to safety. Eliza smiled, realizing she truly could trust her friends.
Bridgett had been working hard to get an A in Chemistry. She stayed late for class once a week for tutoring. She also studied several nights a week on her own. She became very knowledgeable about Chemistry. Bridgett got the highest grade in the class.
Jake was failing his Spanish class. Jake had not done his homework for that particular class in weeks. He asked if he could make up his missing assignments after class. His professor agreed to accept his assignments with a late penalty. Jake made up his assignments and passed the class.
My husband Jim died of cancer last year on Valentine's Day. My daughter Joy stopped reading her favorite book. A year later Joy ran to me carrying a red envelope. She stated that Jim left a card for her to find. Her loving father left a final love letter in their favorite book.
James loved fried chicken. He decided to cook some one day. He bought all the ingredients. He also bought a large frier. It was the best fried chicken ever.
Gina arrived early to detention. She took her seat and worked on her homework. The teacher kept an eye out for her usual misbehavior. Gina was determined to prove she had changed. She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time.
Hank always heard an ice cream truck pass by his house at 9 PM. Hearing an ice cream truck that late made Hank slightly scared. Hank finally decided to stop the ice cream truck. And he was greeted by an old frail woman. Hank asked for a popsicle as quickly as possible then ran inside.
Fred would often leave his house without a note. His children often felt upset about it. They asked him why he did that. He was not sure. Fred then decided to always leave a note.
I learned how to use Facetime the other day. My sister and her daughter called me with it. It was strange at first. After a few moments I got used to it. My niece loves to Facetime me all the time now.
Shane decided to cook some dinner. He made homemade macaroni and cheese. He loved mixing the melted cheese together. He crumbled some bacon on top. It was his secret recipe and it was delicious!
John was redoing his kitchen. He had torn down a wall to make the room bigger. Inside the wall he found some coins. They looked really old. He is taking them to get looked at.
Amber and Rob had been dating for a couple of years. They had a lot of fun times. They had recently started to argue and fight a lot. One day Amber decided to leave Rob. Rob was sad and heartbroken but eventually had to let it be.
Sam spent his summer working for his uncle. He spent all of his money on video games. One day his car broke down and he couldn't afford to fix it! He sold all of his games to one of his friends and got his car fixed. From then on out, he would always save money for emergencies.
Kevin streams his favorite radio station from the internet. One day Kevin's internet went down. He couldn't listen to his favorite station. He looked around and found an old classic radio. He turned it on and found the FM frequency for his favorite station.
When a mom plans a vacation with her two girls she is really excited. The girls are far less excited to be going to a cabin in the woods. When they get there all they want to do is play on their cell phones. When the power goes out they are forced to abandon their devices. Mom lights a candle, they tell stories and bond over S'mores.
Jenna loved fresh fruit. She decided to go apple picking. It was a beautiful fall day. They picked lots of apples. She made pie with them.
The family went to the mall. They all needed shoes. They cooperated to find the shoe store. They all got fitted for shoes. The whole family found new shoes.
Blake and Wanda were busy parents. They never got nights out. Their friends decided to surprise them. They planned a night out and watched their kids. Blake and Wanda had the best night!
When Charles graduated college, he was in debt. He owed thirty thousand dollars in student loans. He deferred his payments at every opportunity. One day he took a call from a telemarketer saying they could help him. Charles' monthly payments were reduced to fifty dollars.
Jerry spent thousands of dollars on a high end computer. He also bought a new desk and several gaming peripherals. He took pictures of everything and posted them on a gaming forum. And everyone was impressed by Jerry's room and new computer. Jerry felt proud of everything he bought.
Sid was feeling bored working at his computer for so long. He felt like he needed a break. Sid went to the kitchen for a snack. He sat down to watch the news while he ate. When he noticed the clock, he was shocked that an hour had passed.
Mimi was spooked so easily her friends loved to pull pranks on her. They'd wear weird masks or makeup fake voices on her phone. She'd be scared every time thinking it was true. She desperately wanted to learn not to be spooked anymore. So when her friends pulled a new prank on her, she stood still.
When I was a small child I was playing outside at my Grandma's house. I wandered into my Grandma's flower bed at one point. I picked a flower, and my grandma yanked hard on a lock of my hair. My mother saw this, and flew into a rage at my Grandma. I never doubted my mother's protectiveness after this.
James is having a hard time with finals. He has three huge tests and he hasn't had time to study. He decides that he is going to study for all three the night before. He does that and is very tired to all three tests. He did well though because the knowledge was fresh in his mind.
Allie needed to get to downtown. So she ordered a cab. But the cab never came. She was furious. She called and they ended up coming an hour late.
Eva signed up for a spinning class. She wanted to get in shape. At first she was nervous about spinning. But when she arrived, she sat that it looked quite fun. Eva ended up having a wonderful time at her class!
Frank installed a new game on his phone. He had a lot of fun with it until it started acting up. He realized that a lot of apps were being downloaded as he played. He tried to remove them but it didn't work. He had to reboot his phone to get rid of them.
Amanda was celebrating her birthday. Her parents had promised a big surprise all week. It was the day of the party and she couldn't wait for the surprise. That's when her parents showed her a huge bounce house in the yard. She played with it for the whole day.
Simon was a smart student. She was put in a gifted math class. She was scared to be in a class with students older than her. Simon worked hard in the class to get people to like her. She became the smartest and most popular person in the class.
Jennifer saw a cute puppy at a shop. She just had to have him! She asked her daddy if it was ok to get him. Her daddy told her she would have to take care of him. Jennifer got the cute puppy she always wanted.
Tom bought a new phone. He got the biggest screen he could find. It was great to look at. Unfortunately it was a pain to carry around. Tom decided to get a smaller one instead.
Emmy called her parents to wish them a happy Easter. Emmy spoke to her mother first. Emmy spoke to her father next. She talked to her parents for 3 hours total. Emmy's ear was hot when she got off the phone.
Charlie wanted a piece of chocolate from the candy jar. However, he was only allowed chocolate on weekends. Even though it was a school night, he decided to steal one. He crept into the kitchen quietly and opened the jar. As he reached in, he heard his mother ask him what he was doing.
Stormy's sippy cup began to leak. She found out when she laid it on top of her parents' bed. When she went to pick it up, everything was wet. It had leaked water everywhere, soaking the mattress. She had to clean it all up with a towel.
Mike was digging up his yard to plant a garden. His shovel went into the earth then suddenly stopped. He dug around the obstruction to see it. It was a human skull. He tossed the skull far away and kept digging.
I was watching the news. There was a featured story about ISIS. I started to fear for my life. I decided to turn that fear into bravery. I joined the military so I could fight ISIS.
The neighborhood always has a pool party. Everyone brings a dish. There is music. People always have a great time. I cannot wait for the party.
Joe bought a new board game and took it to his friend's house. The both read the instructions for a long time. Joe asked his friend if he understood the rules. The friend shook his head. Joe explained the rules to the friend and he then understood.
Every year on Christmas Eve local orchestra members set up luminarias. These little brown bags are supposed to light the way for baby Jesus. After Maria helped to put the sand in every bag she handed it to Jose. Jose lit a tiny candle, stuck in town into the sand and moved on. It took them 4 hours to finish but by then they could see the lights.
Mary made paper airplanes and threw them off a tall building. Most went straight down but some sailed far. One plane traveled halfway across the city. It landed in the window of a boy she knew. He saw the plane and wondered where it came from.
Fred and his friends decided to go hiking. They wanted to reach the top of a mountain. But they felt too tired to continue. Fred talked them into continuing. But later, one of his friends lost his footing over rocky terrain.
Lia's class did a unit on family history. Lia wrote a report on Ireland and its history. She was afraid she'd get mocked. Most of her class was from Puerto Rico. But to her surprise, they all listened with interest!
Tom was trying to drink water. He poured a cup for himself. After a while Tom noticed the cup was half empty. There was a puddle below it. Tom's cup had sprung a leak.
Levi wanted to impress Kate on their date. He took her to the movies. Then he bought her a nice dinner. At the end of the date, she kissed him and smiled. She said she was impressed and had had a lovely time!
May wanted to start a book club. She sent fliers around to her family and friends. They all agreed to come and read together. Soon they were meeting every single Sunday. May's book club was a huge success!
Abe wasn't pleased with his new neighbor. Not only did they play music all day, but they banged the walls. He tried to talk to them, but they were so intimidating, he recoiled. As the noises weren't going away after a month, Abe decided to move. He found a new apartment, but there too someone was loud.
Harry was taking a walk. He saw a squirrel. Then he realized it wasn't a squirrel. It was a chipmunk. Harry walked away because he disliked chipmunks.
Will's girlfriend dumped him. He sat on the couch for months afterwards. He gained 30 pounds. He wanted to lose the weight. He worked out everyday for an hour.
Sarah started a diet today. For breakfast, she ate a healthy and small meal. For lunch, she ate a healthy and small meal. After lunch she was starving so had a bunch of junk for dinner. Sarah figures that she will start a diet tomorrow.
I had not went to church at all in the past several years. I recently decided that I should start going again. The only problem was I didn't know where to go. I decided to try a Baptist church in my town. I loved it and will be going there for a long time.
Joe's little brother had finally started crawling. It wasn't long before Joe's brother could pull himself up on his feet. He would wobble around a bit but always fall back down. One day, though, Joe's brother took a step! Soon after, Joe's brother was running around everywhere he could.
Sally was sad when her fish died. Her brother wanted to flush the fish down the toilet. Sally insisted that there be a proper burial for her goldfish. She wrote a eulogy and invited her family to the backyard. It took the family nearly ten minutes to say goodbye to Sally's fish.
Forest had football practice in a few hours. Earlier in the day, he had fallen on his knee. He was concerned that his knee would affect his performance. He called his couch to explain the situation. He was surprised at how understanding his couch was about it all.
Neil was a music lover. Since he was visiting Austria, he knew he had to see Vienna. He took a train there and saw all the music halls. He learned about the history of Austrian musicians. Neil thought Vienna was the most musical city on earth!
My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school. I always agreed, but I have had a hard time with college lately. Graduation has been stressing me out a lot. I finally decided to disobey my father and get a job right away. I am very relieved now that I have a plan.
Tim woke up in the middle of the night. He found his little sister still working on her math homework. Tim decided to help her little sister since it was getting late. Tim was able to help her finish her homework in a few minutes. His little sister was able to get some sleep afterwards.
The drama teacher was casting for roles in the school play. A veteran of school plays, Sarah was confident she'd get the part. She quickly learned the lines for the audition. At try-outs, Sarah heard a girl say the part meant the world to her. Everyone was surprised when Sarah fumbled the lines for the lead role.
Leslie couldn't cook but wanted to impress Jack her boyfriend. She paid her neighbor, a chef, to prepare her a meal. When Jack came over, the table was already set with the food. Jack thought the meal was delicious and felt Leslie was a good cook. Leslie felt guilty and told Jack the truth about the meal.
Bill noticed small items were disappearing from his room. He wondered if one of his roommates might be to blame. He bought a spy camera and set it up next to some loose cash. Later, the playback showed Bill's roommate Kyle come into Bill's room. Kyle pocketed the cash and Bill smiled because the mystery was solved.
John had a birthday coming up. John's mother wanted to surprise him. His mother baked him a chocolate cake. His friends were also invited. John was ecstatic when the surprise was revealed to him.
Dan had resolved to eat more fruit. He began consuming an orange everyday. He didn't know that you could get sick from too much vitamin C. That's exactly what happened to Dan. His personal physician helped him get it sorted.
Deep in Louisiana swamps, there was a legend of ghosts haunting. Terra was visiting those swamps, but didn't believe the hype. One night, her and a friend went walking through the swamps. Soon, they heard loud screams and loud banging! The ran away fast and went home the next morning.
Dan's neighbors know him for having a strange pet. Dan is the proud owner of a pig. Dan takes the pigs daily for walks around the neighborhood. Even though Dan gets a lot of stares, he enjoys the walks with his pig. Dan is glad to have his pet pig be a part of his family.
It was a rainy day and young Felicity was bored. She wandered her home, trying to think of something to do. She came across her brother's chemistry set and was soon absorbed. She loved watching the interesting chemical reactions! Felicity decided then and there to become the best chemist ever.
Tiffany bought a new office chair. And she thought it was quite comfortable. But after a few months, the padding started to wear out. And the fake leather became worn and torn. Tiffany decided to buy a more expensive chair the next time.
Vianna once lost her phone at school. She was very upset because she had just recently bought it. Her friend suggested that she check the security office. She asked the security guard if anyone had brought in a phone. He said yes and handed her her phone.
Hillary decided she wanted to change the world. She set out on a quest to be the leader of her group. She spent a lot of time meeting with all varieties of people. She told of all the great things she would do for them all. In the end, Hillary was chosen to be the leader of her group.
Zach needed to lose twenty five pounds to join the military. He decided to set a weight loss goal and started working out. Zach ran and exercised every single day for two months. He decided to weigh himself and noticed he lost twenty seven pounds. Zach joined the military without any problems.
Sally goes to a school with lots of other kids. Sometimes, she feels like the other kids are obnoxious She told her friend who works there about how she felt. He told her she can use his classroom for her studies. She was very grateful.
Ava wasn't the best student in class. She knew that she wouldn't get any awards on Class Day. But she was wrong! Her principal called her up to the stage. Then he presented her with an award for Perfect Attendance!
Laura had always loved to dance. A friend recommended she try Tap Dancing. Laura knew it would be hard, but decided to try. She loved it! Laura was happy to be learning to tap dance.
Cindy was mad at her puppy. It ruined her couch. And it damaged her coffee table. But Cindy realized it was her fault. She didn't train it properly.
Ann had been smoking for 12 years. Ann decided she did not want to smoke anymore. She collected information on how to quit. She purchased nicotine patches. Ann was ultimately able to stop smoking.
Bill got a new job. He would be working at the grocery store. He liked to stock the shelves. He worked at the job for five weeks. He was really happy with his new work!
Lori's brother Danny came down with a bad case of the hiccups. She laughed and mocked him each time he had one. Two days later, lori had a bad case of the hiccups. Danny continuously mocked and laughed at her. Lori no longer thought that hiccups were funny.
Luise went to the bakery to buy a baguette. Upon leaving, a man ran up and tried to grab her purse. Luise ran after him. The man was about to turn the corner. Luise hit him with the baguette and he fell.
Lisa's parents were having a dinner party. Lisa happened to be walking by the kitchen. She caught her brother putting dog treats on a plate. He was going to try to serve them to the guests! Lisa stopped him just in time.
William was feeling very bad. His wife brought him to the hospital. The doctors ran tests on William. All the tests came back negative. The hospital kept William for observation and then released him.
Ossy had 30 minutes to prepare his dinner for the judges. He was racing across the pantry to gather all of the ingredients. He took 10-15 to prepare everything and the rest to cook it. When the time ran out, he still moved for a few seconds. The judges disqualified him.
My husband and I went to Walmart on Black Friday. We waited until a bit later, hoping the crowd had died down. There really wasn't anything we needed too badly. The place was still packed when we got there. It took us about 30 minutes just to check out.
Jude was a big fan of Popcorn. She craved something salty and looked through her cupboard for popcorn She didn't find any, to her dismay. Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway. She sliced up and ate an apple.
Matt broke his foot last week playing basketball. He's upset because he has tryouts tomorrow. He will miss two months of basketball. The coach told him that in two months he can be a part of the team. Matt was happy, he is now patiently waiting for two months to go by.
Tia loved to read adventure books. She checked out every adventure book from her library. She majored in English at college so she could write her own books. Tia wrote over a dozen adventure books. She is now a very successful and famous author.
I'm from Alabama, and when it snows here it's a huge deal. Schools shut down and people panic, buying the stores out of bread. On day my university was closed for three days for a tiny bit of snow. On the third day, we expected snow but it was actually 70 degrees. As students we were grateful for the mistake and enjoyed the day.
Roger was craving pizza. He looked in his kitchen and realized he didn't have any cheese. Roger went to the store for the missing ingredient. He rushed home and cooked his pizza. He was very satisfied.
Amelia was at a ball game. She had just bought some nachos. When she went to eat them, she saw a hair in them. She went to the store and demanded a refund. Luckily, they agreed and they gave her a free nacho.
Riley wanted to do her hair. She found a style online. Then, she watched the tutorial. While she watched, she tried to copy it. It worked out well and her hair looked cute.
Tom loved his girlfriend very much. One day, his girlfriend told him he usually smells bad. Tom never wore deodorant. Tom decided to begin wearing deodorant. Tom pleased his girlfriend by wearing deodorant regularly.
Pablo moved from Puerto Rico at age 5. He began school in the United States. School was hard for him because he knew no english. It was very difficult to make friends as well. It was many months before he could speak English.
Bob's friend AJ told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls. On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park. A few minutes after they were done playing, a pretty girl sat down. Bob's dog ran over to see her dog. Bob ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl.
I was once hired to babysit a neighbor's kid. We played hide and seek. Then we played checkers. Then we ate dinner. Finally I got paid 20 dollars.
Tom had been asking his parents for a cat for weeks. Finally, his parents told him they could get one kitten. Tom and his parents found a cat online and picked it up. When they brought it back, Tom took a nap with it. When Tom woke up, the cat was nowhere to be found anywhere.
Graham decided to make pancakes one morning. He mixed up some pancake batter in a bowl. Then he poured the batter onto a hot griddle. He spent a few minutes flipping pancakes. When they were finished he at them with syrup and butter.
Zach heard about a new waterproof phone. So he went to the store to get the new phone for $200. At home, Zach decided to spill water on it on purpose. The phone didn't break, it really was waterproof! Zach called his friends with a wet phone to tell them the news.
Jennifer was shopping with her sister. She was in the shoe section when she saw a big banner. The shoes were buy one get one free all day. She wouldn't normally spend so much at a time. But, she decided to buy four pairs just for the value.
We had no plans for the weekend. When we woke up, we'd gotten several calls. A relative had been in an accident. We rushed to get to the hospital. We ended up spending the weekend sitting at her bedside.
Jim wanted to get unique shoes that would standout at school. So he went to the shoe store and looked around. He saw gray basketball shoes and bought them. Everyone liked Jim's shoes and began to buy the same style. Jim didn't feel so unique afterwards.
Ken moved to a new town. He wanted to make friends. He put an ad up on craigslist. Ken was able to meet a few people. It gave him confidence to make friends.
Erica found a dirty cat outside. So she decided to keep it. Her mom told her the cat was dirty. But Erica continued to play with it. Later she caught a terrible illness and left the cat.
For their summer vacation, the Millers went on a road trip. They first went to see the Grand Canyon. After the Grand Canyon, they went to Arizona. In Arizona, they were able to visit with family, too. The vacation lasted a week and they were tired when they got home.
The man got a tattoo. It was his girlfriend's name. The girlfriend broke up with him. He went back to the tattoo artist. The artist changed the tattoo into an eagle.
I remember staying over at a friends house for a sleepover. We played games and watched movies. The next day we went swimming at his grandparents pool. After we got done I was changing out of my wet clothes in his room. His sister tried to scare me only to see me not wearing any boxers.
Tim experienced pain in his neck while driving. Tim made an appointment with the chiropractor. Tim visited the chiropractor. The chiropractor helped Tim. Tim never experienced neck pain again.
Sam went to visit his uncle. Nobody answered when he knocked. He got worried and broke in. He found his uncle on the sofa. He had passed away earlier that day.
Rick was sitting at home. He felt bored being indoors all day. He went outside to play. As he left the house, he noticed the sun was setting. He sat down to watch the complete sunset.
Whitney and her friends went to the beach yesterday. They walked along the edge. They jumped the waves. It was all fun until Whitney stepped on a jellyfish. They then rushed to the ER.
Nick was invited to a job interview. Nick arrived at the interview and was greeted by the manager. The manager described the job to Nick and asked him many questions. Nick confidently smiled and answered all of the questions. At the end of the interview, the manager hired Nick for the job.
Jeff and Carol were arguing. Jeff thought Carol was cheating on him. Carol was not cheating on Jeff. They fought for hours and hours. Carol and Jeff decided to break up.
Jack loved the aquarium. He just had a weird fear of turtles. He always stayed away from the turtle tank. He decided to face the fear and hold a turtle. The turtle snapped and bit his upper lip, causing his fear to live on.
I threw the whole wheat bread into the toaster. It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it. I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck. When I took one loaf out, part of it was left in the toaster. However, I ate the part that I took out.
Sasha loved making coffee first thing in the morning. One morning, her coffee machine broke down before she made any. She felt tired and groggy all day at work. After work, she bought two coffee machines at a store. Now, even if one breaks, she has a spare.
I got a professional massage today for the first time ever. I've been real stressed out lately and a friend said I should go. I went and bought a one hour massage. It felt so good and my muscles feel so loose now. I'm addicted to them now, I've already bought two more!
The snow was coming down very heavy outside. The meteorologist said it was a blizzard. The snow continued all night. By morning, all the schools and roads were closed. The townspeople went outside and started to dig their way out.
Dean realized he had no food in the house. His wife was out of town on business. Dean had to go buy groceries by himself, which he had never done. He walked into the store and was overwhelmed. Dean decided to just order takeout for the rest of the week.
Aaron was an actor in a play. During rehearsal, he forgot one of his lines. He looked up at the stage director with worry. The director gave him a frustrated look. Aaron felt ashamed that he hadn't studied his lines very well.
Elena asked Yany if she came come to the party tonight. Although Many didn't want to go, she said yes. During the party, Elena constantly tried to reach Yany. Yany knew she was calling and didn't respond. The next day, Yany lied to Elena on why she couldn't come.
Joe was doing poorly in school. He tried to do well on a test by copying off another student. The teacher saw this and failed him. Joe tried hiding the poor grade from his parents. When his parents found out they grounded him.
Kelly was walking into the grocery store. On her way there, she saw a wallet on the ground. She immediately picked it up and looked inside. As soon as she found who it was, she took it into the store. She hoped the store would help find the owner.
Dina wanted a new puppy. She spoke with several breeders but they charged too much. Dina searched online for the puppy she desired. She found a reasonable breeder near her. Dina was finally able to purchase the puppy she desired.
Robert left his apartment building On the way down the stairs he pass a young blond woman Robert so badly want to say something but he could not decide what. Should he say Hi I'm Bob or Hi I'm Robert Suddenly he realized she was gone and he had lost his chance.
Megan has a baby who is learning to crawl. She decided to entice her baby with toys. Her baby tried to scoot towards her toys. Finally the baby was able to reach her favorite doll. Megan's baby will crawl very soon.
Brittany wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition. She worked for months on her fitness. She lifted weights. She ate healthy things and drank water. She was happy when she won the competition.
Cory was cute but dangerous. When he was in Grants Pass, he influenced a peer to ride with them. She said yes and five kids drove around on iced roads. The driver turned a corner too fast and the car spun. A UPS truck slammed into Cory and his friends, killing all but two.
Kara found a ring on the ground. She took it to a jeweler to sell it. But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake. The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it. Kara was disappointed.
Donnie is working at his job. He is cutting wood with a saw. He accident slips and cuts his finger. His finger comes off and goes on the ground. Donnie lost his finger.
There was a new gym opening nearby. Chad was interested. He went to the new gym. They had a very good deal. Chad signed up for the new gym.
Kelly wanted to become a doctor. So she went to college to learn the skills needed. When Kelly graduated she had a lot of student loans to pay back. Luckily Kelly got a job at a really good hospital. Now Kelly can pay off her student loans.
Lola wanted to impress her wedding attendees. She and her fiance signed up for dance classes. Secretly, they mastered a handful of popular dances. Their first wedding dance was a waltz. All the guests gasped when they saw the couples' skill!
The couple had been house hunting for years. They finally found their dream home. They were ready to make an offer! They were relieved that their search was finally over. They couldn't wait until the home could be theirs.
Helen went grocery shopping. She saw a cantaloupe in the produce aisle and picked it up. She finished shopping and went home. Helen dropped the cantaloupe on the carport while unloading it. The cantaloupe busted everywhere and Helen cleaned up the mess.
Tom worked in the stockroom of a large department store. One evening, Tom was locking up the warehouse. Once Tom turned out the lights, he heard something terrible. It was a creepy childlike giggling coming from in the darkness. Tom flipped on the lights, seeing it was a battery operated doll!
She tied the red bow in a knot. She pulled out the glue. She glued it to the base. She got her white paint. She painted tiny white polka dots all over the bow.
My dog is terrified of thunder. There was a storm today. He came running into my office. He hid in the kneehole of my desk, trembling. Once the storm was over, he acted like a brave dog again.
Tiana and Brandon lived together for two years. They fought a lot and it disrupted their neighbors. Their neighbors grew tired of the fights and filed complaints. The landlord would get a complaint every day for 6 months. The landlord got tired of it and evicted Tiana and Brandon.
Tiffany signed up for try out for a gaming team. She prepared by practicing every night. Finally it was the day of the try outs. They invited her and began the practice try outs. Tiffany's internet died and she did not make it onto the team.
Carl's alarm clock went off at 6 AM. Carl has a lot of things he need to get done today. Carl hits the snooze bar on the clock. The alarm goes off again. Carl adds "get a new alarm clock" to the list of things to do today.
Tim was drag racing at a local track. He was up against a car very similar to his. They both raced very well. It came down to a fraction of tenth of a second. Tim was excited to race him again.
Jeremy wrote a song. He played it to his parents. His friends really liked it. Jeremy played the song too much. He got sick of the song.
There is dog name Peanut. Peanut is a pit bull who lives in a house with 5 kids. The kids love to pick on him. He wanted to be left alone. Peanut found himself a good hiding spot.
It had been worn down to a few strings. My brother had had it for a couple years. He took it with him everywhere. He called it nanni. It was his security blanket.
Charlie is really bad at playing tennis. Charlie really wants to get good so he practices all day and night. After a couple of months of practicing, Charlie gets very good. Now that Charlie is very good at tennis everyone likes Charlie. Charlie is glad he practiced so hard at tennis.
Carly was in New York City with her daughter. They were going to see the Statue of Liberty today. On their way to the dock, they became lost. They were running through the streets trying to find the right place. Luckily, they found the boat just before it left.
Katie had decided to give up eating meat for Lent. But two days in, she feared she couldn't keep her vow. Then her vegan friend made her veggie burgers with soy milk and salad. He showed Katie all kinds of meat-free foods she could still eat. They were so yummy, she kept eating them even after Lent!
Sam's children won a goldfish at a carnival. The kids brought the fish home and took care of it. One day, Sam found the fish floating at the top of the bowl. Sam ran to the pet store and bought a new fish. Sam's children were unaware that the fish had changed.
Louis decided to make a lemonade stand. He set up a table and made a sign. He mixed fresh lemonade to sell. Unfortunately, it started to rain and he had to stop. He learned to check the weather before planning something outdoors.
Doug was separating from his wife His daughter didn't understand why Doug explained to her he had to leave Doug gives her a big hug and kiss He drives away from his daughter and wife
My brother asked me if he can borrow $20 dollars. I gave him the money. I asked if he had my money several weeks later. He said that he didn't. Since he was always broke, I decided to not expect anything back.
In 1996, my sister-in-law's son overdosed on drugs. She got him into rehab. After a few days he denied having a drug problem, and left. In 2013, he overdosed and died suddenly. His mother was devastated.
Megan was new to the pageant world. In fact, this was her very first one. She was really enjoying herself, but was also quite nervous. The results were in and she and the other contestants walked out. They read off the names and Megan had won!
Sam was collecting shells on the beach. He picked them up. Then he put them in his bucket. He collected as many as he could. At the end of the day, his whole bucket was full!
Tom wanted to get in better shape. He hated running because it was bad on his knees. His friends suggested bicycling. Tom rented a bike and went on a ride. He really loved it and felt it was a good workout.
Louie walked to the subway. He got on the subway, and realized he forgot his wallet. He got off at the next stop, and started walking back home. Then he smelled hot dogs. Louie started begging for money so he could buy a hot dog.
On June 4, 1991, we visited Chandler Pond in Boston. My daughter was 6 and my son was 2. We were feeding the ducks when my son ran into the pond. I got him before he went too deep, but he was covered in algae. We took him home and washed him off.
Victor had an anger issue. He would lash out at anyone he sees. His parents brought him to counselling. He started getting better just by talking to someone. He no longer has the issues.
Arron says he was only driving down the street. The police pulled him over. He had a gun in his glove compartment but no money. The police accused him of robbing a store and took him to jail. Aaron is in jail saying his lawyer will have him out in no time.
Early each morning, a rooster would walk by Rick's house and cluck. Rick loved the rooster like a pet. The rooster was becoming aged and started coming later and later. One day the rooster stopped coming to Rick's house. Rick knew what this meant and couldn't help but be sad.
The home team was struggling that afternoon. They were in danger of losing to a worse team. Late in the game the home team got the ball. They threw a short pass which resulted in a long run. They scored a touchdown and pulled the game out.
Jackie was entering a talent show. The first prize was 5 thousand dollars. Jackie decided to perform her magic act. Jackie nailed the act. The crowd loved her and she won first place.
Cynthia stepped on stage in front of her school. Her act was to sing and play the piano. After performing her piece, the audience applauded loudly. The judges appeared very impressed. She won first prize in the talent show.
Mary often walks her dog, a bichon frise. During one walk, an off leash boxer charged the bichon. It took several minutes to separate the two dogs. Luckily the bichon wasn't badly hurt. Now every time the bichon sees another dog, he barks aggressively.
Molly was mortified when a wart appeared on her thumb. She kept her thumb in her pocket as she searched for a solution. She found a website that listed so-called cures for warts. Molly wrapped the wart as instructed and felt a sense of relief. When she later unwrapped it, Molly saw she now had three warts.
Lucy's neighbor was sick. Lucy decided to make her some brownies. She baked them that afternoon. Then she put them on a plate. Finally, she brought them to her neighbor's house.
Gina's cousin Lucy was at her house visiting. Gina had a report for school she needed to finish. She decided she would only spend an hour with Lucy. Afterwards she would work on her report. Three hours later, Gina was outside playing with Lucy.
Laura started feeling sick. She told her parents that she wasn't feeling well. Laura's parents brought her to the doctor. Laura found out she had appendicitis. After surgery, Laura felt much better.
I walked into detention with an attitude. The monitor laughed when he saw me. He asked why I was there and who else was there because of me. I said nobody was there because of me. Just then, Bethany walked in and told him it was my fault she was there.
Jose grew up in a house where soccer was king. Tryouts for his school's team were in one month. Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out. On the day of tryouts his hours of practice paid off! Jose ended as one of best players in the league.
Jim's grandpa took him out for pizza. They went to a fancy, upscale type parlor. The restaurant served them a pizza that wasn't cut already. Jim was sure his grandfather would take the good parts. Instead, he cut it up so the best parts ended up on Jim's plate.
Cade is short, and gets picked on at school. His mother tells him he will soon grow very tall like his dad. Within a few months Cade had grow a whole inch. And within one year Cade was the tallest boy in his class. Cade was no longer picked on for being short!
A man spent his childhood vacations at a lake. His family rented a cabin on its shore. He went back as an adult. A dam had been built downstream, and the lake was now a reservoir. The cabin was far underwater and long gone.
Jake bought a house with now cabinet doors. He wanted to buy the best new doors for them. He went out to Home Depot to find them. He bought the most expensive ones he could find. He installed them himself.
Me and my two daughters drove to the YMCA. The older one wanted to run the younger one wanted to play basketball. We ran 6 laps around the track. Then we went down to the gym and played basketball. We all had a good day.
I got my dog, Champ, at the pound 15 years ago. At first, he was afraid of everything. We showed him a lot of love and affection He is a happy dog now. He is no longer afraid.
Anne was overwhelmed at worked. Her boss yelled at her for everything. One day Anne was offered a new job. She accepted it. Anne made the right decision to move on.
Bill was late for a job interview. Bill started up the car and saw his gas was almost empty. Bill knew he didn't have enough time to stop for gas. Bill prayed and prayed as he drove to the interview. Bill made it to the interview, and got the job!
Raquel met her husband 15 years ago. He had a girlfriend he was cheating on that she didn't know about. She was already in love with him so she fought to marry him. Unfortunately, her husband didn't think that highly of their marriage. He cheated on Raquel the same way he cheated on the girl before her.
I was on the bench with my 99 year old friend Jim yesterday. His 78 year old neighbor George joined ua. Jim went up for lunch. George and I marveled about Jim's long life. We said we hope to grow as old as Jim.
Don was walking on a wooded path deep in a park. Don suddenly froze when he saw a rattlesnake right in his path. A woman emerged from the treeline. She seized the snake behind the head and flung it away from the path. Don felt embarrassed but relieved to have been saved by this woman.
Monica was out for a walk with her friends. One of them spotted a loose dog with a blue collar on. They called the dog over and it came. Later, Monica called the owner up using the number on the dog's tag. The owner said that Monica could keep the dog.
Kelsi was engaged. She just got a new ring. She was happy about it. But it was too small. She had to get another one.
I used to play tops in 1963. I was able to spin them with a flick of the wrist. In 1993, I bought a top in a toy store. I tried to spin it, but completely forgot how to do it. I was amazed that I had forgotten how to spin a top.
Lucy wanted a new pet. She ended up deciding on a cat. She went off to the shelter to pick the right one. But unfortunately it was a tough choice. Lucy ended up picking a sweet tabby cat.
When a teen, my friend and I lied to our parents. We drove around all night. We tried to make it until morning, but sleepiness overwhelmed us. We slept on the side of a somewhat secluded road. A neighbor woke us around ten the next morning.
Tom fell and broke his arm. He had to be taken to an emergency room. They made him fill out a lot of paperwork. It took him an hour to see a doctor and longer to get a cast. Tom was still appreciative for what they did.
Luger put on his belt. It was too tight. He took off the belt. He poked a new hole in the belt. He tried the belt again.
Meagan went out with her friends. She put her phone on the top of the car. The car sped down the highway. The phone fell off. It was destroyed.
Leo was lying in the sand at the beach. It was a perfect day to relax near the water. Without intending to, he drifted off to sleep. He woke up with a burning sensation on his body. It was the last time he left sunblock at home.
Lindsey was making rolls for dinner. She went to grab extra flour when some bugs swarmed in. Then she spotted one bug embedded in her dough. She was so grossed out she threw it all away. With her second try she was much more watchful.
Amy leased a nice car for a couple years. One day she decided that it may be time for a new car. She really wanted something newer and bigger. Amy went to the dealership to start looking at cars. She quickly found a truck and bought it within an hour.
Ana wanted to try fusion cuisine. She asked her mom to go with her. The ladies were curious about it. They went to a fusion restaurant for lunch. They both loved the fusion cuisine!
Rob joined a gym. He started going so regularly that he made friends. He met a girl there named Janey. Janey and Rob started dating. Two years later, they got married.
I live in the northern central United States. Despite the proximity, I have never visited Canada. My family are planning next year's vacations. I put in my vote to see some parts of Canada. I was outvoted and Canada would have to wait.
Cam was waiting for a new book to come out. The book finally came out. It was more expensive than he expected. Cam waited to buy the book. He got the book when the price went down.
Lillie started off as a tiny black and red puppy. Her mom dog was poodle and dad was a lhasa apso. Lillie was very tiny even at the age of six months. She finally began to grow and fill out. Her hair also changed color to a light beige.
Samantha was in middle school It was her first day at a new school She didn't know anyone She sat alone at her lunch table. Some nice girls came up and sat with her.
The town had grown a lot. They opened a new school to account for the growth. On the first day, the students explored the space. Then they put their things in their lockers. Being the first class of a new school was a lot of fun!
Ana went to the beach. She was excited about spending time in the sun. Ana forgot to put on sunscreen. Ana got a bad sunburn. She was in pain for half of the week.
Kasey was visiting her brother. She didn't get along very well with his wife. One day, the two were cooking dinner. An argument broke out over how to cook the pasta. Eventually, Kasey was so mad that she left the house.
Jerry had a important meeting in an hour. He rushed to the store to get some food first. He was eating his sandwich on the way to the meeting. He spilled mustard on his favorite tie! So, he took off his tie, and attended the meeting.
Emily babysat her cousin everyday. She was great at doing it, and enjoyed it so much. Emily wondered when she would be able to parent her own. She missed her period and went to the doctor that week. She found out that was pregnant with her own child.
There is a huge tornado forecast in my area. My parents and I took cover in our hallway. We were nervous because we can hear all the noise and destruction. When it finally stopped, my parents and I went outside. Everything was torn apart, but we were ok.
John needed a new pair of jeans. He decided to go shopping. While at the mall, he found new shoes too. John knew he needed jeans more but wanted the shoes. John decided to stick to his budget and buy jeans.
Desmond felt very strongly about cricket. His friends told him he needed to diversify his interests. But Desmond couldn't speak of anything else but cricket. When his social circle dwindled to only two friends, he was happy. They loved cricket as much as he did and that all that mattered.
Cole wanted to be a lawyer his entire life. He decided to apply for a job at a law firm. He knew that he did not have a law degree but interviewed anyways. Cole got the job because he lied on his resume. He was eventually found out and fired by the law firm.
The teenager woke up worried about his game. He is the star quarterback for today's championship game. He asked his mother how to calm down. She suggested to walk for 45 minutes. He went walking and came home relieved and ready to play.
My sister in law Sandra had an anxiety attack last week. She is on medication for depression. She had just gotten out of the psych ward in September. She was feeling anxious and had to see a doctor. Luckily she got better and did not have to be committed.
Gwen bought a ticket to a show. She went to the show buy herself. She met a man at the show. They flirted all night. Gwen went home with the man after the show.
Bea loved to paint and she hoped to be a famous artist one day. She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win. She knew that could be her big break. But time after time, she lost the contests. Then finally, one of her paintings took first place!
One day at a music festival Michelle met some nice hippies. They told her they had been travelling all around the country. She hung out with them all weekend. Before they left they invited her to come with them to the next show. She decided to throw caution to the wind and joined them.
The school bus drove by my house. I left to go to the store. I got stuck behind the school bus. The bus was very slow. It took me awhile to get to the store.
My wife wants to quit her job and be a stay at home mom. I think that she should continue working because we need the money. She made a good point when she told me she would be happier at home. After hearing that I agreed that she should quit her job. We budgeted a little and we are still doing fine with money.
Lisa's parents allowed her to adopt three cats. Lisa enjoys caring for the pets and entering them in cat shows. At first, her parents thought this was a waste of time and money. Lisa recently won a very prestigious award and they are proud of her. They now believe their daughter's hobby is worthwhile.
Ana had fallen asleep on her school bus. She had a habit of leaving her mouth hanging open when she slept. Suddenly, she felt something weird and woke up. She saw that kids were throwing food into her mouth. She was so mad, she immediately moved seats away from the kids.
Sally had a really bad headache. She tried to rest to make it go away. That didn't work so she took some medicine. The medicine made her so tired that she fell asleep. When she woke up the headache was gone!
My cat likes to catch all kinds of animals. He caught a baby bunny and let it go in the house. It ran under the dishwasher and would not come out. I pulled the dishwasher out of the cabinets to get him. He was not hurt so I took him outside and let him go.
Jane couldn't see the board from the back of the classroom. She traded her desk with another student. She was sure this would make it easier to see the chalk board. But everything was still a little blurry. She hoped this didn't mean she needed glasses.
Sanya had to go to jury duty. She was put in a room with other people. They called her name. She walked forward. Sanya was put on a jury and told when to show up for court.
My daughter wanted to get a puppy. We went to the dog pound . We found an adorable black lab. We adopted him and named him Apollo. He loves his new life as part of a family.
Chance was now ten and could be left without a babysitter. His one rule was no cooking while his mom wasn't there. He had been home all day and was starving though. So he threw some bread in toaster and popped it down. After starting a fire in the kitchen, Chance has a babysitter again.
Kate recently got a new haircut. She styled it up and went out on the town. Unfortunately it was really humid out that night. It made Kate's hair frizz up a lot. Her cut looked completely different because of it.
Jesse wanted to get her nails done. She decided to research nail shops online. She found many near her. She then read all the reviews. She got her nails done at the place with great reviews.
I wanted to run a computer program. But, my computer didn't have enough RAM. So, I decided to upgrade my RAM. Alas, my computer didn't allow RAM upgrades. I decided to buy a new computer.
Tom found a phone once. It was brand new. Tom wasn't able to figure out who it belonged to. He decided to keep it. Nobody ever claimed it.
Sam snuck into the garage. Finding valuable jewels, he started putting them in his bag. Suddenly, he heard footsteps approaching. Holding his breath, he prayed the would not be found. The lights switched on and the cops caught him red handed.
Suzy wanted to invite her friend over. She sent her a text. But her friend never responded. Suzy gave her a few days. But her friend totally ignored her.
Andy loved his dog, Boo. One day, Boo got lost in the park. Andy searched and searched for Boo. He found Boo playing with other children on the playground. Andy, Boo, and the children had a wonderful day in the park together.
Marcus noticed that he got dizzy when he got up in the morning. He wasn't old enough for that to be normal, so he called his doctor. The doctor hemmed and hawed for a few minutes. Then he suggested Marcus drink more water every day. Marcus followed the doctor's advice and that solved the problem.
Derrick moved to Alabama to be with his family. After a few years he started to want something different. He visited his cousin in Vegas twice a year. The last time he went his cousin asked him to move there. Derrick said yes and moved to Vegas.
Ned turned the rabbit over the fire pit. He smelled the burning meat. He took a bite and was in bliss. He ate the eyeball next. The juices popped inside his mouth.
Jake had to get a new winter jacket. His old one didn't fit anymore. He ordered a new jacket off of Amazon. It arrived in the mail a few days later. When it arrived, Jake tested out the jacket by going snowboarding.
Jim is watching his son play in a baseball game. He is sitting in the stands. He is cheering on his kid. His boy comes to bat and hits a foul ball. The ball hits Jim in the head and knocks him out.
Brian was a member of a popular boy band. He decided he could be bigger as a solo artist. Brian decided to the leave the group. Many of the fans were heartbroken. Brian needed to spread his wings and fly.
Stormie started Irish Dance classes about a month ago. Her mom couldn't afford the shoes she required so they borrowed some. Stormie's Aunt bought her the shoes and sent them in the mail. When Stormie got home there was a box for her on her bed. After dinner Stormie opened the box and was excited to find the shoes!
My friend Joe came from Indiana. He is a hunting fishing type of guy. He was living in Boston when we knew him. One day he shot a skunk. His wife told him to put away his guns.
The swimming pool was crowded when Diane decided to perform a stunt. In front of her in the water was a circular black inner tube. Diane sprang from the edge of the pool straight through the tube. Once her shoulders cleared the tube, however, her hips got stuck. Luckily, her friends flipped the tube and Diane the right side up.
Judy asked for a Barbie doll for her birthday. Instead, she got a cheap imitation. Judy's pals invited her over to play dolls. They teased Judy about her fake Barbie doll. As Judy walked home, she tossed the doll in some bushes.
Cari slacked off during her first two years of high school. Then she realized it was time to get down to business. After all, what college would want her with her awful grades? She started studying and performing much better on her tests. Soon her grades were good enough to get her into any school she chose!
Denise always wanted a makeover from the Today show. Recently, Denise and her friend decided to try and get a makeover. Denise stood on the plaza with her friend hoping to be picked. Denise was shocked when Hoda Kotb picked her to get a makeover. Denise could not wait to see what her makeover would look like.
Jane wanted better cardio. She decided to motivate herself into a marathon. Jane ran and practiced often. By the time of the half marathon she was ready to go. Jane did better than she expected.
Our daughter bought a Christmas tree this week. Her 18 month daughter was delighted. Our son-in-law had a special lighting ceremony. He waited until it was dark and had the child stand by. When he turned on the lights the child clapped and laughed.
Landes wanted to learn how to play chess. He bought a chess set and joined a chess club. Over time Landes became a good chess player . One day Landes entered a chess competition. Landes came in 3rd place in the contest.
Josh was the new popular kid at his school. He didn't like the previous coolest kid Jamie. One day Jamie had come to school on crutches. Josh made a comment about Jamie being beaten up. The comment made it's way back to Jamie in no time at all.
My nephew's wife is obese. She loves to eat out. She often posts where she has dinner. Tonight, she drove 40 miles to get a pizza. I think she will have health issues.
Mary was signed up for a secret santa. She received her match. Then, she spied on her match's social media and wish list. Finally, she picked a present. She had it sent to her match.
Sandra saw a girl on her campus asking for donations. She said she was raising money for hungry children. Sandra followed the girl to her car . And she saw the girl take money from the donation box. Sandra recorded it and showed it to school authorities.
It was family reunion time! The family got up early to get ready to go. They packed all their four wheelers and all their gear. Finally they were ready to go! They had so much fun at the reunion.
Larry had a cat that was very stressed out and aggressive. He went to his friend Kenneth, a cat expert, to figure out what to do. Kenneth gave him a calming pheromone spray to use. Larry sprayed the pheromone spray all over his house. His cat became much more calm and friendly because of it.
They had a fun event at the library the other night. They had a reptile place come. They did a show and touch with the animals. They had a lot of exotic animals there. It was a really cool show.
Ben had a grandpa who lived across the country and had never met him. On his fifth birthday, his Mom told him he would meet his grandpa! Ben was so excited on the day the old man arrived. He hoped his grands would love him and be kind to him. When the two makes met, each was instantly overcome with love and joy!
Now that Nia was seven, she had most of her permanent teeth. Her mom decided it was time for Nia to see a dentist. Nia was terrified and begged not to go. But when they arrived, the dentist was very nice to Nia. She realized that dentists weren't so scary after all!
Katie was flying to Miami. Unfortunately she had to fly in coach. As a result, someone behind her was bothering her. They had their feet pressed against her seat. Katie rolled her eyes and just tried to sleep.
It was an exhausting day for Kathryn. She spent eight hours in school and another three in daycare. She was waiting forever to be picked up. Six o'clock was the cutoff time yet her mother didn't arrive. Finally an hour later, her mother arrived racing.
Briana had driven the same car for almost a decade. The car was old and started to break down. Briana decided it was time to purchase a new car. She saved a lot of money for the car and did her research. Today she went to the dealership and purchased the perfect one.
Jeremy wants do something with his empty yard. He decides to build a shed. He gathers the materials over the next month. He then realizes it's too much work for just one person. He invites a bunch of friends over to help and it's done in no time.
Caleb was walking in a store. His jeans caught on an edge of a shelf. His jeans were ripped on the shelf. Caleb's wife mended the jeans. He was able to wear them again the next week.
Jeff had been job searching for a while now. One day h got two offers from two different companies! One job paid more while the other job had much better benefits. Jeff thought about which one to take all day long. He decided to take the higher paying job.
Jo was jealous because her co-workers had many dates. To get attention, she invented a story about a guy stalking her. She showed her co-workers letters and flowers from the fake stalker. Then, there was a report about a dangerous stalker on the news. Jo's co-workers took her to the police station to make a report.
May wanted to give her husband a nice gift. She decided to learn how to knit. May watched instructional videos and began making a sweater. By winter, she had finished making the sweater for her husband. She gave it to him on Christmas day!
Beth was late for school because of her broken alarm clock. She knew she was speeding, but didn't see any police cars around. Suddenly a police car appeared in her rearview mirror. The policeman wrote her a ticket that would cost $200. Beth drove away thinking how much cheaper a new clock would have been.
Sam was a very careful driver. He followed the speed limit and respected road every sign. But one day, someone was driving erratically. And the person crashed into Sam. Unfortunately, the person had a better lawyer and sued Sam.
Drake always played with the snails in his front yard. Even though they were slimy he thought they were really cool. Drake was having a good time until his mom saw them. She let out a scream and then went and grabbed the salt. Drake felt pure sadness watching his friends dissolve in the yard.
Heather liked decorating her kitchen. She found an antique pot that was really cool. She hung it on the wall for decoration. Her guests always commented on how interesting it was. Heather had an interesting style.
Jim was asked by a stranger if he would watch his bag. Jim agreed and waited patiently for his return. The stranger never came back. Jim decided to take the bag. Inside, he found $1,000.
A boy named David did not like to read. He found it very difficult. Then one day he found a Peanut's comic book. He read it in one day discovering he enjoyed the story. David now loves to read.
Jonas had an interview for his dream job. He got dressed and made sure he had several copies of his resume. He left for the interview with plenty of time to spare. Jonas encountered traffic on the highway. Despite leaving early, he still arrived late to the interview.
Gene had lots of friends who were wealthy. All of his friends had swimming pools at their house, but Gene didn't. He often wondered whether his friends appreciated their pools. He asked his friend Dave, who said he never really used his pool. Gene felt encouraged to work hard and appreciate everything he has.
Evelyn was asleep in bed when her dog woke her up. She let the dog outside so he could use the restroom. Suddenly, the dog sprinted off towards the park. In her pajamas, Evelyn rushed to try to catch him. Finally she managed to get the dog and bring her back inside.
Ted is a restaurant reviewer and assigned to review a new place. At first he was impressed with the level of service from their staff. However his food came and was lukewarm and seemed cheap. He wrote a negative review and turned it into the magazine. The business for the restaurant dropped and it had to close down.
A pilot was flying in a plane after a gentle rain storm. He saw a rainbow and decided to see where it ended. The rainbow became fainter as he followed it but he didn't give up. The end of the rainbow was a parking lot outside a dry cleaners. The pilot was disappointed that it didn't have a more meaningful end.
I have twenty nine mixing bowls in my house. My husband forgot we had a lot of mixing bowls. He asked me to buy another at the store. I reminded him that we had a lot of mixing bowls. I helped him find them in the kitchen.
The assignment was to draw a realistic picture. Sadly, Jennifer was not good at drawing. She drew a stick figure on the paper and turned it in. She hoped the teacher would be amused. Her art teacher was not amused at all, and gave her a failing grade.
Marcy was so glad spring was coming. It had snowed so heavily that winter. Marcy saw the snow was finally melting. So much melted so fast that the basement flooded! Marcy had to spend hours cleaning up her basement.
Bill loved basketball. One day he decided to watch his favorite team play. Bill went online and purchased his tickets. In addition, he purchased his favorite player's jersey. Bill was very excited to be there live to see his team play.
Ken looked in the mirror as he prepared to leave and halted. He could see his nipples through his shirt. Ken realized he'd gotten very old and was sad. He didn't want to be fat, too, though. He found a sweatshirt to cover himself and went for his walk.
Kevin was running late for work. He was dressed but needed a pair of socks to wear. He looked all over the house for socks. Kevin could only not find any pair of socks that matched. He decided to wear two mismatches and hope that no one noticed.
Jacob wants to learn how to drive a car. He signs up for a driver education lesson. The driving instructor tells him to always keep his eyes on the road. Jacob ignores the instructor and checks his iPhone while driving. He accidentally drives into another car, causing a minor accident.
Lucy was bored so she decided to put on makeup. She had eye shadow, blush, and mascara. She applied them and showed her grandmother. When her grandma saw her face she was angry. Her Grandma made Lucy wash the makeup off her face.
Henry was not very good at school. He had a huge test coming up. He did not study at all for it. The day of the test is here and Henry starts the test. Henry is nervous and is caught cheating off another student.
Derek wanted to be a doctor. His mom told him to get good grades. He listened to his mom. Derek got into college. Now he is a doctor.
Alex wanted to start living a fit lifestyle. He went to the store and bought a Men's Health magazine. He read all the articles about diet and exercise. He got some great ideas and healthy recipes. He's going to start his new life tomorrow and is excited.
I think the character Dorothy was a freak in the Wizard of Oz movie. She trusted a lady who travelled by bubble. She went in the woods with three perfect strangers. She slept with the weird strangers in a poppy field. She woke up in her own bed, didn't know where she'd been or with whom.
Chris was excited to get his first pair of beats headphones. His previous headphones broke so he needed new ones. He was excited to finally get the beats. He picked out the studio version. When he finally used them, it was well worth it
Tina was going to work. She was putting on makeup. She didn't notice the car stop fast in front. Tina rammed into the back of the car. They had to swap insurance information.
Jim looked at his bank account. He saw that all the money was gone. He wasn't sure what happened so he called the cops. They traced what happened. The guy got caught.
Sami wanted to impress his new date. He invited her over for a home cooked meal. He went to the grocery and bought ingredients for lasagna. His date was smitten by his cooking skills. One year later, Sami and his date were married.
My friend needed help with his homework assignment. Since class started in 10 minutes, I allowed him to copy my work. The next day, I forgot to bring my lunch to school. When my friend noticed, he was disappointed to. On the bright side, he shared some of his lunch with me.
Maggie was running a race with her friends. She tried really hard to gain momentum but it was hard. She ended up coming in last. Maggie was rather disappointed. Luckily however, she did better on other competitions.
Trisha was trying to sell her house. She had several cats that lived with her. Many buyers were turned of the the odor from the cats. Trisha refused to do anything about the smell. Trisha kept her cats and her house.
Mattie was an older woman. She had a few health complications. Mattie took several medications a day. The medications were very expensive. Mattie was sinking into debt because of her failing health.
It was six in the morning. But Kelly wanted to get in line early for the iPhone. When she got there though she saw that it was packed. The line was hundreds of people. She had to wait six hours before she got her phone.
The Millers were shopping. They had bought a new home and needed to furnish it. The last item on their list was the tv. They went to several electronics stores. Finally, they got a great deal on a 50 inch tv.
My girlfriend and I decided to start going to the gym together. I joked around that it was a gym date, but I wasn't serious. When we got there we both went our different ways. When we met back up my girlfriend was really upset. I asked her what was wrong, and she said it was because it wasn't a date.
Mike threw a party for his friends. Late in the night he began to serve hot drinks. Mike's friend placed a mug of tea on his coffee table. Mike lost his mind when he saw this take place. He shouted at his friend to use a coaster.
Kim had been practicing for months for the women's billiards finals. When the day came she was nervous but confident. She made it all the way to the final bracket and lost. Her rival called her up on stage to congratulate her on her hard work. Kim was happy even though she lost and was proud of herself.
Evan couldn't decide if he wanted a kitten or a puppy. He spent all month trying to decide. He looked at pictures of kittens and puppies. His parents told him he had to choose. In the end, he went with a kitten because they're softer.
Tyler had a very popular facebook account. He had lots of friends and followers. One day while logging in he noticed he couldn't log in. His friends told him someone else was using his account. Tyler had been hacked.
Ky just began working in a new position. He became very skilled at his job. After a month, he received a promotion. Ky was excited. He believed his skills showed he deserved his promotion.
Mike, a college student, had frequent bouts with feeling depressed. Mike went to see a campus counselor about this. The counselor encouraged Mike to start exercising. Mike began to go for a mild run every evening after classes. Mike has not felt any depression since he started jogging!
Polly loves music. She really wants to go to a concert. One day, she bought a ticket to a rock concert. It was for the front row. On the day of the concert, she had a great time rocking out.
Marc loved milkshakes. He made them for himself. He tried all different kinds of ingredients. When he found the perfect milkshake recipe, he wrote it down. Now he has the perfect milkshake every single day.
Elizabeth wanted a new pair of shoes. She begged her mom to buy her a new pair. Her mom said that she would have to earn the money. Elizabeth spent the next few weeks doing all the chores she could. She saved enough money and bought the shoes.
Anna decided to participate in her town's annual Polar Plunge. She raised funds from friends and neighbors. Then, on December 15th, she and the others braced themselves. Together they ran into the icy-cold lake, shrieking and laughing! Anna had a great time, and knew she'd done well!
Jerome lived in a big city. He would often go on long walks at night. One night while on a walk Jerome was stopped by the police. He remained calm yet the police felt threatened. Jerome was handcuffed and tased before being booked for resisting.
Kevin entered a poker competition. He did not play very well. Kevin practiced poker on his computer. He entered the same tournament the next year. Kevin won the poker competition.
Tom saw a cute girl at the bar. He decided to hit on her. She turned him down hard. She made fun of him with all her friends. Tom was completely crushed.
Kevin was born in South Korea. And he and his family moved to the US when he was 7 years old. At school, Kevin was one of the few Asian students. And other kids teased him. Kevin ended up being home schooled.
Cindy always drinks coffee in the morning. Today she one cup at home. When she got to her office, she had another cup. By noon, Cindy was bouncing off the walls. Cindy is addicted to coffee.
Sam was trying to sleep. His upstairs neighbors were being loud. He sent them a text asking if they could stop. They apologized and obliged. Sam was able to fall asleep.
KC wanted to become an engineer. His dream was to build and design robots. He entered college courses related to his goal. At first, he found the material to be quite difficult. He pushed through and eventually earned his degree.
Stacey wanted to surprise her boyfriend. She bought dinner on the way home. When she arrived she noticed food. Her boyfriend had done the same. They had a lot to eat.
I always wanted to be an electrician. I completed two years of electrical courses. I received my electrical certificate. One night i was in an accident that took my dreams away. Limiting my ability, i am still trying to make my dreams come true.
My friend Tina said she felt sick while we were on the phone. She kept talking although she sounded sick. I heard Tina gagging and coughing. Tina said she would call me later. I'm still waiting on her call.
Allan was allergic to shellfish. He had a girlfriend who loved seafood. One day, she ate a lot of shrimp while at a buffet. When she saw Allan, she gave him a big kiss. Allan broke out in hives and had to go to the hospital.
Jared was on a camping trip with his friends. They left for a long hike one day. When they got back to camp, they saw their food strewn about. They realized that animals had raided their camp. They had to go out and buy new food.
Early on the 4th of July, John and Bob could not wait for fireworks! John and Bob decided they would go to the park to get a spot to watch. They waited there all day to see the fireworks go off that night. John and Bob packed a picnic and became very close that day. After the fireworks, they went home and smiled at the wonderful day.
Tim always wanted to make his own swords. He studied how to be a blacksmith online. Tim managed to become an apprentice for a blacksmith in Kansas. He was sad that the blacksmith didn't make swords but decided to stay. Tim learned how to make all kinds of wrought iron fences that summer.
I told my husband how much I loved grape hard candies. One day he came home with a grape flavored swirled lollipop. I ate it all that night. I told him how much I loved it. He gave me the address for the store, and I vowed to purchase more.
Kim likes to go deer hunting. She and her dad usually go together. However, she had not killed her first deer yet. On their outing today, Kim spotted a deer. She aimed her gun, and killed her first one!
The Smith family went on vacation to Florida. The children were playing in the ocean and watching the sunset. Suddenly, a bright light appeared on the horizon. It grew brighter and higher until it broke into two pieces. They were excited to learn that the light was a rocket taking off.
Tom was excited for a new horror movie. The previews made it seem scary. The reviews said that it was. When he finally saw it he was really disappointed. He never bought into media hype like that again.
One of Jane's favorite places is the thrift store. She never knows what she will find there. Jane like unique clothes that stand out. Once she got a red, felt hat and it has become her favorite purchase. Every time she wears it she gets lots of compliments.
Every year my family and I go to Florida. We usually stay for the entire summer. We decided to go this year. It was amazingly fun. I can't wait to go next year.
Henry spoke for a brief moment in class. The teacher told him to stop. By accident, I said something briefly. She decided to suspend me for a day. I became confused and decided to hit my desk.
Adam loved to play wiffle ball with his friends. However Adam was not as good as the other guys. So all he did was practice in his garage. He learned how to throw a wiffle ball real well. At the next game Adam amazed everyone with his pitching skills.
Cindy had a new toy. She played with it for hours and hours. Finally, the stopped working. The batteries were dead! She pulled batteries out of her other toys and put them in the new one.
Tom was about to have a little brother. He felt jealous at first. As though people would pay less attention to him. Once his little brother was born Tom's feelings only got worse. He grew up resenting him for years.
One afternoon Izzy realized her cat was nowhere to be found. She called for her outside with no response. She went door to door asking if someone saw her cat. The cat was at the neighbor's all along! Izzy was relieved as she brought her cat back home.
There once was a couple. They wanted to spice up their relationship. So they went to a mountain to hike. They hiked all the way to the top. And then base jumped to the bottom.
Fred wanted to ice skate but it was August. He got two block of ice from his freezer. He attached the ice to the bottoms of his shoes. Fred tried to skate around his hardwood floors. The ice was to slippery and Fred fell on his face.
While in Brazil, John want to see the banana plantations. He thought it would be a lot of fun. HE paid a tour guide for a tour. On the way he saw the shacks that the workers lived in. John realized the banana industry wasn't as much fun as he thought.
My wife has lot a lot of weight due to medication. She wants to gain a few pounds. I suggested buying energy or snack bars. We went to CVS and got two bars. She is going to eat them in between meals.
Jeff notices he is tired earlier and earlier these days. He isn't doing anything different in his routines. He asked some friends about it. They said to take melatonin at night to sleep better. Jeff did and it worked, he is wide awake every day.
Jane was sick with the flu. Her boyfriend wanted to help. He made her some hot soup. Unfortunately Jane couldn't keep any food down. She still thanked him for the thought.
I had my first science exam last Tuesday. I was incredibly scared to take the exam. I was up all night studying but it didn't help the nerves. When i went into the classroom I took the test. It actually was not as bad as I thought.
The school was checking kids for lice. One boy had lice. Everybody in the school found out. The kids made fun of the boy. The boy became very angry inside.
Peg's workplace had been having power outages all morning. After hours the power was restored, and the computers were started. Peg unfortunately had to help a very rude customer. After several miserable minutes, her computer suddenly shut down. She had never been so grateful for a power outage.
Jake asked his mother to take him to the air show. Since he asked for months she decided to take him. They didn't have the best seats but he was still able to see clearly. Jake laughed with glee as he watched the planes perform tricks. After his mother purchased a souvenir he begged for.
On the way home from a jog, Yui had a problem. There was a sign ahead for a detour. Yuri ran past the road and took the next one. The detour added two miles to his run. When he arrived home, he was very tired.
In 1996, my department in a government agency had layoffs. My supervisor laid off an older man. He was related to the general manager of the agency. A day later, the supervisor was fired. The old man came back to work a week later.
Neil got a new bike. But he didn't like the design on it. So he spray painted the whole thing black. But it didn't seem to look any better. Neil realized he should have left it alone.
Ken moved to Las Vegas. He decided to start gambling. After a while he was there almost every day. Ken lost a lot of money over time. He eventually realized he had a gambling problem and got help.
Halloween was approaching, and Ms Clark's class was having a contest. The teacher would give candy to whoever had the most original costume. As she inspected them, she saw princesses, ninjas and many others. Finally she spotted Dan, dressed as a pineapple with large holes. Dan won first place for his 'pineapple jack-o-lantern'.
I went to the zoo. I saw some monkeys. I wished I had a pet monkey. Then I saw a monkey attack another monkey. I realized I didn't want a pet monkey anymore.
Anna was a first-time mom. She had had twins a few weeks earlier. Two babies proved to be incredibly hard! Anna was sleep-deprived and miserable. But looking at her twins, she knew it was worth it.
Elizabeth wanted natural highlights without spending a lot of money. She read that you can squeeze lemon juice on hair before suntanning. Unfortunately, she didn't read that this method is only for blondes. She squeezed lemons on her hair before going to the beach. When she looked in the mirror, she was horrified at the orange color.
When Jason inherited a lot of money, he decided to invest it wisely. He studied the market with an expert. He chose a few promising companies. And invested all his money on what he felt was a good deal. At the end of the year, he had doubled his capital.
Will was excited to be his buddy's best man. Will toasted the couple at the rehearsal dinner. Will took care of his buddy's needs. Finally, Will presented the ring during the ceremony. Will received a very nice thank you gift from his newly married pal.
Jill always got bad grades in math. Even when she studied hard, she failed. One day Bob tutored her in math. She took the big test. To her surprise, she got every question right.
Ray had been a fan since he was a kid. Every chance he got he would try and catch a game. The Yankees were his favorite team year after year. Even when they were bad he still cheered for them. This is why he has die hard Yankees fan tattooed on his shoulder.
The family was taking a trip. They were going to the amusement park that had just opened in town. They rode all the rides. They also ate some great snacks. It was a fun day as a family.
Jim had a dog whom he loved very much. However, he took his dog for granted and neglected her. One day, he discovered that his dog was covered in fleas and was ill. He felt terrible for neglecting her, and spent hours bathing her. At last she was clean, and he promised never to let her be hurt again.
My wife's phone was full of photos. We ran out of space on iCloud. We did not want to spend money for more storage. My son was able to back up all the photos onto my desktop. My wife is now deleting unwanted photos on her phone.
Matt wanted a sandwich. While making it he noticed that the bread was a little bit moldy. He decided to go ahead and eat it anyway. Later, he became sick from the mold. He learned his lesson to never eat even slightly moldy food again.
Laura was really late getting home from work one day. Me and my roommates were already going to have a party. We started when Laura was out, but she came home in time. She was really tired after work so she wasn't happy about the party. After changing in her room she came out and enjoyed it a lot.
Sally was walking along when she found a marble. A little way down the road she found another. She started following a path that was littered with marbles. Eventually Sally stopped under a big oak tree. She started to dig and found a whole bag full of old marbles!
Frank had a new pet. It was a dart frog! Frank loved showing the colorful little creature to his friends. He would give it bugs and fresh water every morning. The frog was a great new addition to his house!
A man desired to improve his math skills to get better grades. His school work challenged him very much so he worked hard. He practiced everyday for one hour per day. He saw his math skills improve. He saw his test scores improve.
Bob was poor. He never had a computer. One day, he decided to buy a computer. He found someone selling a used computer for a couple hundred dollars. Bob bought the computer.
Ron was a coach on a baseball team. The parents of one of the players were causing a lot of problems. They would scream at the players at the games. Ron talked to the president of the league. The president told the parents to leave the park.
I want to go see the new movie that just came out. However, I'm not old enough to get in. I could sneak in, but I might get caught. Then I wouldn't ever be allowed to go again. I think I'll wait until I'm older.
Jeff grabbed an inner tube and ran to the stairs. He was going to ride on a huge water slide! He jumped on and started to slide down. Water splashed in his face and he screamed and laughed. It was such a fun slide!
One day, James went out to fish at the ake. While out fishing, an alligator came up to him near the shore. The gator became excited and lunged towards James and the fish. Frightened, James escaped away from the alligator unharmed. The following day, James decided to no longer fish at the lake.
Roy loved everything about rice. He would grow more than enough for himself. He tried to sell his rice to his friends, who gladly purchased it! Roy got the idea to start selling rice to more than just his friends. Now Roy produces millions of pounds of rice and has sales worldwide!
Amy noticed her husband was coming home late every night. She suspected he was cheating on her. So, she decided to ask him what he was up to. Her husband told her he had been going to the gym to lose weight. Amy was relieved and proud of him.
Jane was a college student. She visited friends the night before a college exam. Because of this, she was late to the exam the next morning. Her grade suffered. Jane received a C grade on her exam.
Annie and Sally were at the camping together. They were bored and decided to play a game. Annie taught Sally a cool cup stacking trick. They both competed to see who could stack the cups faster. In the end, Sally was actually a faster stacker.
Tim was out on a hike in the desert. He ran into a rattlesnake. Tim got bit before he knew it. He called 911 and asked for help. They were able to give him antivenom.
I have never ice skated. I asked Jean to teach me. She took me the ice rink and gave me lessons. I fell a few times but did not hurt myself. She said a few more lessons and I will be a good ice skater.
Jenny had a problem with her diet. She would eat food and not realize it. She was eating more calories than she wanted to. She wrote down what she ate on notebook paper everyday. She got herself back on her diet.
Ella was starting first grade at a new school. She would have to take the bus. She was very nervous! But then she met the kind driver and aide. They helped eased her nerves.
Ken wanted to help save the environment. Ken didn't want to be inconvenienced by this new goal. Ken settled for small lifestyle changes. For instance, he selected paper bags at the grocery store. He dreamed of one day upgrading to reusable bags, if it was easy.
Dave's parents have a restaurant. They want him to take over the family business. He did not want to. He finally told them how he felt. They decided to close the business.
Emma was on a long car drive. She had been watching movies to keep herself occupied. Soon, she was closer to her destination. She was debating whether or not she had enough time for another movie. Before she could decide, they ended up arriving.
Tara wanted to vote in the election. Unfortunately Tara knew nothing about politics. Tara decided to read online about the candidates. She learned about their stances on all of the issues. She made an informed decision at the voting booth.
I wanted to teach English in Taiwan. I packed my bags and moved to Taiwan. I looked for a teaching job for three months. Alas, my savings had run out. I had to move back to the United States.
Carl took meticulous notes in class. He made sure to keep things tidy and detailed. One day he dropped his notebook in a puddle. All his notes were ruined. He was unable to replicate them from anyone else.
Dean was tired of his house being a mess. One day he started cleaning out each room. He went through everything in each room. He threw away and donated what he didn't use. Finally his house was really clean and organized.
Tom had been working hard lately. He decided to have a night out. The actual night Tom felt too tired. He wound up cancelling his plans. He stayed in and slept instead.
One day, Nora's husband bought her and the kids ice cream cones. When she saw he had gotten her a vanilla cone, she was hurt. She had told him hundreds of times that she didn't like vanilla cones. In a fit of anger, she threw the cone out the window of the car. Her kids gleefully retold the tale of crazy mom even decades later.
John was at work. He wanted more customers to come into the store. He went to Walmart and bought some red balloons. He then blew up the balloons and tied them up outside. The customers saw the balloons and came into John's store.
Justin and Josh went to an NFL football game for their anniversary. When they sat at their seats, they were harassed. Disgusted by this, the usher told the manager. The manager allowed Justin and Josh to watch the game from his skybox. Justin and Josh got to enjoy their anniversary the rest of the night.
Lewis wanted to play basketball at recess. His friend David wanted to play soccer instead. Lewis and David got into a fight. The teachers told them to stop arguing. They decided not to play with each other for that recess.
Kylie loved to paint her nails. She wore different color paint several times a week. She decided to become a manicurist. She worked at several different nail salons. Last month, she opened her own nail salon.
Sara's grandfather took her to a lake to go fishing. Her grandfather helped her hook a small worm onto her pole. Within minutes, Sara caught a tiny smallmouth bass. Her grandfather helped her unhook the fish. Sara waved goodbye as her grandfather tossed it back into the water.
A couple had their kid on a leash. An older woman stared at them. She yelled at them for doing that. They argued back. They both went their way.
I decided to go to Maui for a vacation. My friend said I should check out the waterfalls in Maui. So, I decided to visit the tallest waterfall. It was nothing spectacular and I didn't have fun. That was the last time I took advice from my friend.
My 98 year old friend Joe sat on the bench this summer. He told me he needed light therapy. He went to a hospital once a week and was exposed to bright lights. The light was supposed to make him feel better. He stopped because the therapy was not working.
Michelle liked to draw. She thought her drawing wasn't very good. She posted her art online. People liked it. Michelle felt better about her artwork.
Kate and Tom were out on a date. They got into an argument over dinner. Kate dumped Tom. Unfortunately they drove together. Both remained silent the entire way back.
Peter was late to work. He was in such a hurry that he drove faster than allowed. A police car on the side noticed him and pulled him over. The police officer wrote him a ticket for speeding. This definitely wasn't a good start into the day for Peter.
Danny was fighting in a public building. He was arrested. Danny got thrown into jail. Danny called his parents to bail him out. His parents made him spend the night in jail.
John wanted to become much stronger than he was. He decided to start going to the gym every day. At first lifting weights was very difficult. John's muscles were sore all the time. After dedicated time time at the gym John became very strong.
Kelly wanted to learn to cook a German Chocolate Cake. She searched the internet and found a recipe. She shopped for the ingredients. She then followed the recipe. In the end, Kelly cooked a deliciously beautiful cake.
Andy loved long car rides. He asked his parents if he could learn to drive. When he was of age, his parents agreed. Andy put the car in gear and took off on his first trip. He learned to drive very quickly!
I was in a sub acute rehab unit in November of 2011. My occupational therapist was very friendly to me. She brought me sugar cookies. I wrote her a poem when I left. She gave me a hug.
Anne found a lost little girl. They looked all over for her mother. Anne called the police to help. Finally, the little girl's mother was called. Anne was happy the little girl was safe.
Mary thought her son was awesome at sports. She thought he was better than all the kids his age. She told everyone how great her son was. At the first game of the season her son was a ball hog. His parents were so happy about how her performed at the game.
Matt invited some friends over to his house. They arrived an hour later with snacks and drinks. They talked for a little while. Then they played a board game for two hours. Matt won the game and was happy.
Dean went hunting with his friends. He shot a deer. Dean brought the deer home. He had the deer processed. The deer fed his family for months.
Melinda has always loved drinking different wines. She visits a vineyard in California to try their wine. At the vineyard she samples many red and white wines. Her visit has inspired her to learn even more about wine. Melinda feels very happy that she visited a vineyard.
Neil was visiting Northern Africa. His first stop was Egypt. He took a tour to learn about Egyptian history. Then he visited restaurants to taste Egyptian cuisine. Neil found that he really loved Egypt!
My nephews wanted to play Pokemon go. So we headed out to walk around. I shared the phone so they could both do it. They loved being able to catch the different ones. They wanted to know when we could go again.
We bought a kitten for my daughter. For weeks I tried to teach her to use the litter box. Instead the cat liked to pee in the laundry pile. I switched the laundry pile with the litter box. The next day she peed in the litter box three times.
I was watching tv the other day when the picture went out. The bulb behind the television was dead. I was crushed. I needed to watch my show. I could not so I had to buy another television.
A boy named Dave had snapped Gina's bra strap. She chased him until he fell. Once he fell she began hitting him. Her teacher yelled at her. Gina went to her desk before she was sent to the principal's office.
Sam decided he wanted to ride his bike to work to get some exercise. Sam didn't often ride his bike and had forgotten how to use the gears. Getting to work was simple since it was all down hill. Going home was difficult since the ride was all uphill. He arrived home exhausted and decided to practice gear-shifting.
Brian placed his lab sample on the scale and waited. The scale gave an error reading. Brian took some of the weight off and tried again. The scale now gave a reading. Brian removed the partial sample and repeated this with the other.
Han decided to go grocery shopping. But he didn't make a list. He wandered back and forth between different aisles. And it took him over an hour to get everything he needed. From then on, Han decided to make a mental list before shopping.
My English teacher assigns way too much homework. Yesterday she gave us another book to read. I was up all night last night reading two other books for her class. Even though I play sports, I still try to do all of her homework. Tonight I have to read all three books for class.
On July 11th, the management sent electricians into our apartment. They replaced the hall ceiling lights with led bulbs. The procedure took only ten minutes. The hallway was much lighter, and not as pleasant. We did not argue with the energy efficiency approach, however.
Dana needed money really bad. She had lost her job and was broke. She decided to be a stripper for fast cash. Her first night was horrible as she was groped and grabbed. She was so traumatized, she ran out and never returned.
Don works as a game developer, full time. The release of his company's game is coming up soon. As such, he hasn't been seen in days. Last night, he didn't come home at all. He's not the only one that can't wait until release.
I always wanted to be babysitter. I applied to jobs through bulletins. I was hired by an older women. She had a grandchild named Charlee. I was excited for my first job.
Ed thought he would be nice to the geese the the pond near his office. He had some scraps left from his lunch. He walked down to the water to toss them to the geese. But a big one started chasing him to get to it. He didn't feed the geese after that.
Ana was on a trip in the desert. Suddenly a strong wind blew up. Sand whirled around out of nowhere. Ana pulled over, fearful. Her first experience with a sandstorm left her apprehensive.
Cameron was riding his bike home from school. He knew the route well so he was going rather fast. He made a quick turn and then saw a little girl on a bike. He was going so fast he couldn't stop himself from colliding with her. The two kids fell over and got hurt a little bit.
Ben's parents didn't trust his friend Russ. One day, Ben and Russ played catch in the living room. Ben accidentally broke a lamp with a bad toss. He told his parents Russ broke it. Ben felt rotten when his parents instantly believed him.
Randy tried to use the toaster for the first time. He placed one slice of bread in the small slot. While the bread was heating, the temperature was on high. Unfortunately, Randy didn't notice this. The toast turned to a crisp a few minutes later.
I decided to buy some new cologne. After looking for deals, I went to Target. I found the cologne I wanted. I took it to the register. Once I was home, I was smelling good!
My work has become very stressful. My boss is strict and unfriendly. He fired my two best friends at work. I dread going to work every day. I plan to look for a new job.
Peggy recently had a baby. She was self-conscious of her tummy from the extra skin. Peggy was determined to get a tummy tuck. She saved money for eight months. Peggy underwent the surgery and was happy with the results.
Shawn bought biking equipment in preparation for a trip. He bought new shoes, a bike, and attire. His friends were going on the trip too. Last minute all his friends cancelled. Shawn was not able to go on the trip either.
Bill buys a bunch of old comics at a yard sale and forgets about them. His friend who is a comics expert visits Bob. He eagerly looks through them. He screams in delight when he sees one particular comic. He tells Bill that the book is worth 100k!
Sam was standing on a bridge over a stream. He picked up a rock and threw it in. The rock made a small splash. Sam looked for a bigger rock to throw in. He found a very large rock but he was too weak to lift it.
Dan was drinking downtown. He got too drunk and lost his friends. They drove and he needed to get home. He was able to hail a cab. Dan made it home safely.
Billy and his father always loved to watch football together. They would watch every game they could on their TV. The two rarely missed a game. When Billy's father died Billy decided to keep the tradition going. Billy watches every game he can with his own son now.
Lucy bought a bunch of flowers for her front yard. She planted them and they looked very nice. The neighbor's dog dug them all up and destroyed them. Lucy's neighbor felt so bad. He offered to buy Lucy all new flowers.
Kasey has an oral exam in Spanish. She is not ready at all. She asked the teacher for help. The teacher gave her help. Kasey tried her best and made a B.
Kim wanted to work out. She was going to go to her gym. Then she remembered it was closed. She decided to cancel her membership. She started going to an all day gym instead.
Cole was going outside to play. He pulled his old gloves on. Then he saw that his hands had grown and they were too small! Cole carefully cut off the tips of the fingers. His new fingerless gloves fit him perfectly.
Molo Tov wanted to pen a metal symphony. He'd shown a first draft to a classical musician who laughed at him. Molo just took his negativity and used it to fuel his art. At the symphony's completion, he booked a theater to have play it at. The world stopped on the day that the Symphonia Metallum was heard.
Sarah was hungry. She walked to the local deli. She purchased a bagel with egg and avocado. She ate the sandwich. Sarah was much happier afterward.
Sue was going to prom. She needed a dress. She did not have the money for a dress. One of her friends gave her a dress. Sue was so excited and was glad she was going to prom.
A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores. He found one method that seemed to be the best. He would recreate the test environment as best he could. He would practice in that environment. He noticed he performed better on tests due to this.
Our friend Joe turned 99 last week. We were invited to his birthday party. We searched for a good birthday gift. I found out he was Syrian. I got him a bottle of Arak, which he very much appreciated.
Nancy walked towards Brianna. They were arguing about a project that was poorly executed. The entire office heard several bickering noises. The boss approached the girls. He dismissed them from work.
Tim was into hard metal music. His grandparents were visiting. Tim didn't realize as he was blasting his playlist. His grandparents were negatively shocked. Tim explained it was just music.
George entered a dance contest. He expected that everyone had the kind of energy that he has. George danced with all his might, and frightened the other dancers. The other dancers decided that he was too hyped. George was removed from the premises.
Lucy was bored. She asked her grandma if she could braid her hair. At first grandma refused. Finally she let Lucy braid her hair. Lucy occupied herself for hours braiding her grandma's hair.
I was playing ball in my yard. The wind was blowing very hard. It blew the ball out of my yard. I began to cry really hard. Luckily, the wind blew in another ball I could play with.
Jerry was tired of being stodgy and conventional. He decided he would do something spontaneous. Jerry felt his commencement speech would be the perfect opportunity. He went up to the podium and spoke without any notes. Jerry did so poorly that some people actually left halfway through.
Shannon was having a meeting with her boss. She was very nervous because she wanted a raise. She was planning out what she would say to her boss. During the meeting she discussed the raise. Shannon was happy her boss agreed to give her a raise.
Claire found an old note inside her wallet. When she read it, she cried. She brought the note to her mother-in-law. She read the note and cried too. They both were touched to read a note from the man they had loved.
I wanted to get an app on my phone. I could not do so until I changed my payment information. I could not do that as the internet was out. The internet came on today and I was finally able to get an app. I think the tech world is confusing.
Steve bought watermelon seeds for his garden. He thought he bought the red seedless variety. He planted them and watched them grow. When it was time to pick them, he was excited. However, Steve opened one up and they were orange with seeds!
Lily was hiking one of her favorite trails. Towards the end there was a steep incline. It was difficult and Lily felt her breathing get heavy. Despite being tired, she persevered. Lily felt very accomplished when she reached the top.
Tom heard some weird stories about his new neighbor. The neighbor was a young single guy. The rumors made him sound like a real weirdo. Tom went over and introduced himself to the new neighbor. The guy was totally normal, even friendly and gregarious!
Michelle loved dressing up like a ballerina. But her dog loved playing with Michelle's tutus. So Michelle's mom bought a new tutu. Michelle gave her old tutu to the dog. And Michelle got to keep the new tutu.
Jerome stayed up all night reading a book. When he woke up after three hours of sleep, he was tired. He dragged himself to work. He spend the day in a haze. First thing he did when he got home was to finish the book.
Remi was on a walk with her dog. She was passing some flowers when she felt something sharp. She realized that a bee had stung her. She tried to remember how to get the stinger out. Luckily, she got it right out and she felt okay.
Kelsi had broken her nose when she went swimming the other day. She also had a black eye. In order to cover it, she went and bought sunglasses. She bought the first ones she could see. When she saw the glasses she thought they were beautiful.
Selma brought her dog to work. The boss said the dog couldn't be in there. Selma claimed it was a helping dog and claimed discrimination. The boss was fired and Selma kept bringing her dog to work. One day, the dog pooped all over her computer keyboard.
Gina sat on her grandma's couch and began reading a new book. She wasn't really interested in the book. But it was the best of the worst available at the store. Now, as she read the book she realized it wasn't so bad. She took a break and was amazed to see 2 hours had passed.
Larry was driving home from work. He was listening to talk radio. It made him upset and frustrated. Larry paid more attention to the radio than the road. He wound up crashing into the car in front of him.
Lily was baking some cookies. She put them in the oven. When the time was up she took them out. Lily burned herself. She had to get the aloe.
Tina was working on an assignment in the library. When she left, she forgot to take her flash drive with her. In addition, she left her textbook at the coffee shop. She didn't realize that she lost two things until she came home. Tears rolled down her eyes.
Jane was super excited to have a nail party with her friends. The party was at the local nail salon that was brand new. When the girls entered the salon, they were greeted kindly. They picked the polish and the artist worked her magic. The girls were then pleased with the results.
Today i was shopping at the mall. As i passed this one store i noticed a big "Sale" sign. I quickly went inside to check out the deal for some cute sweaters. I grabbed two sweaters and as i checked out they rang up even cheaper. I love scoring sweet deals at the mall.
The dog stood by the door and waited to be walked. The boy saw his dog and grabbed the leash. They walked around the block and returned home. The boy put the leash away. The dog went lie down in his bed.
Jessica finally got her parents to agree to let her have a cat. She was very excited as they went into the pet store. Jessica picked out a pretty black and white kitten with blue eyes. Jessica held the kitten while her parents talked with the salesman. Jessica played with her kitten on the way back home.
I bought a new dredge to search for gold. I brought the dredge to the local creek. I found gold within the first hour. I decided to stay the night so I could get more gold. I have now been here for three days and I have a lot of gold.
Donald wanted to meet an eagle. This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam. The eagle then attacked Donald. Donald was upset about it. He viewed it like America attacked him.
Tim loved the holidays. He really enjoyed seeing decorations. One neighborhood in particular went all out. He decided to check it out. He spent hours walking around watching.
Juan was driving at night when he saw a shooting star. He stopped his car to look at the sky. Many more came and went before his eyes. He had been so depressed, the sight elated him. When he went back home, he felt energized and happy.
Sam had a girlfriend named Sally. Sam's best friend, Chad started flirting with her. Sally ended up having sex with Chad. After finding out this, Sam was crushed. He broke off his friendship and relationship.
A new video game was coming out, but my PC was very slow. Researching many new parts for my PC, I found a parts list. I decided to buy all the parts I could afford. The parts came in and I quickly assembled everything. My PC was now fast enough to play the new game.
Eric had recently gotten a new phone. He ordered a phone case in order to protect his phone. Eric used his phone regularly while waiting for his case to arrive. Eric dropped his phone while eating dinner with his family. The screen on his phone shattered before his case arrived.
Susie's parents didn't allow watching scary shows on TV. When she got home before her folks, Susie watched a scary show. That night, Susie had nightmares about the show and screamed. Her mother came to the room and asked what was wrong. Susie wanted to tell her mom, but said it was nothing.
Tim wanted to do a school prank. It was his senior year and he felt rebellious. Tim's prank went too far. He wound up hurting people and getting in serious trouble. He was suspended and unable to graduate.
Tim wanted to travel. He decided to become a foreign exchange student. He was given the chance to live in a foreign country for a semester. Tim loved every moment of it. He decided to do even more traveling after that.
Susie wanted to start working out. So she decided she was going to join a gym. She had never worked out before. But thankfully she got to join some easy classes. They were at just the right speed for her.
Arnold came home one day and noticed his old pet rabbit hadn't eaten. He held the rabbit in his arms, and pet it softly. Arnold's wife sat down next to them, and they talked about the rabbit. While they were reminiscing, Arnold felt the rabbit grow still. Tears fell as Arnold held his pet for the very last time.
I put some on a stiff spot. It was an important game. My teammates passed Icy Hot around. We had worked hard to get there. It was the regionals for middle school soccer.
Last night I had a dream about biking. I used to bike before I had a stroke in 2011. I can hardly walk, let alone bike. I dreamed I was gliding along on my bike. I woke up, bitterly disappointed.
Today is Alex's first swimming lesson. He arrived at the pool with his parents at 2. He got in the pool as they watched from the bleachers. The teacher had him swim laps first. After that, he taught him to dive.
My dog was in the backyard. I saw a garden snake next to him and screamed. My dog killed the garden snake. I decided to reward him with a bone. From then on, my dog began to kill snakes for bones.
Jack got really sick. He had to stay in bed for three days. He could not leave the house for another week after he got out of bed. Jack really wanted to get out of the house. Jack made sure he would wash his hands so he would not get sick again.
Andrea wanted a picture of her jumping. She set the camera up. Then, she jumped in the air. The picture kept coming out wrong. It took twenty tries to get it right.
Ruby had just graduated college and moved out on her own. Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old. Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on. With her first paycheck, Ruby went out and purchased a new mattress. It was the best investment she made and helped her to sleep better.
During the test, a phone went off in the class. The teacher walked closer to the sound. He asked my friend Brenda to take her phone out. He found out that her phone was ringing. He ended up giving her an F on the exam.
That day I almost lost my child. I knew in that moment how precious life is. I decided to cherish him forever. I spent every day with him, and we became close. He told me I was his best friend.
Johnny and Anika had been married for a year. They planned on starting a family but Anika didn't get pregnant. She went to a doctor to check her fertility. Then she recommended Johnny be tested. Johnny was embarrassed to admit he had a low sperm count.
Kate was at her boyfriend Jake's house. His cousin was coming over to borrow something. When the cousin arrived Kate froze. It was the guy she had a crush on for two years. Kate was so embarrassed she hid in the bathroom until he left.
Frank went to a Italian restaurant. He got some lasagna. Frank eat it. Frank finished it. It was delicious.
Tim dropped his glass cup. It shattered on the floor. He tried to clean up as best he could. Unfortunately he missed a small piece. Tim later accidentally stepped on it.
The family was on a safari. They saw a pack of water buffalo walking through the field. It was an amazing sight! They stopped to watch the amazing creatures. It had been a really fantastic experience.
Emma was working on her math homework. She asked her dad to help her. Her dad didn't understand the problem. Emma called her classmate. Emma's classmate explained the problem.
I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.
Timmy was allergic to peanuts. He was at a birthday party. His friends didn't know about his allergy. They accidentally fed him food with peanuts in it. Timmy had an allergic reaction and almost died.
Tim was graduating from college. He invited his family to visit him for the weekend. His family drove to try and visit him. They got stuck in a blizzard on the highway. They were unfortunately unable to attend his college graduation.
Ed decided to get more protein. He decided he would eat raw eggs. Swallowing them whole was gross! But he began mixing them in his milkshakes. That was yummy and very palatable!
Suzy was hungry. So she went to go get pizza. When she got pizza it was her favorite. She told her friends about it. She couldn't wait to go back.
John was driving to work one day. All of a sudden, he heard his tire pop. When he pulled over, he found that he had a flat tire. John had to call AAA to get his tire fixed. Unfortunately, he ended up being late to work.
Betty's cat was really sick. Betty went to the vet to get medicine. The vet wanted to charge $900 a pill! Betty didn't have that kind of money. Fortunately, she found a cheaper vet to help her cat.
Katherine bet it all on Biscuit. As she watched the race horses make the final lap, the crowd roared. She got caught up in the excitement and jumped out of her seat. However, she threw down her ticket when she looked at the scoreboard. Biscuit didn't even place.
John was very nervous. The big day had finally come and it was time to pop the question. He held her hand, but she didn't know what was going to happen. John got down on one knee and asked her to marry him. With tears in her eyes she accepted and they embraced.
A man pointed a woman. She pointed at herself. He blew a kiss. Then pushed past her to kiss his husband. Then he asked her to take a picture of the two of them.
Brad went to the marina. He started cleaning his old sailboat. Brad became alarmed by loud ruckus nearby. He ran across the hull and tripped over a metal bar. Brad moaned in pain as he stared at his swollen purple ankle.
My husky is a red wolf. In the house, everyone thinks she is grey. When she goes outside, her fur is clearly bright red. She runs around in the sunlight. Then she lies down and sunbathes.
Gina's dad was in the garage with his friends. They were partying and drinking. Gina was sitting near a window looking into the yard. She saw one of the men strike the other one. Before long the men were having a fist fight in the yard.
I invited Sarah to a movie with me. As I picked her up, my heart was beating fast. But her voice helped calm it, as we sat close inside the theater. As we speak there time stopped, and I leaned in for a kiss. We sat there for awhile talking about the future, I'd fallen for her.
John bought a handgun for home protection. He kept the gun unloaded, in his bedroom nightstand. One night, John heard a noise. In case it was an intruder, John grabbed the gun. It was just his teen son, but John felt comforted by having the gun.
Jim was riding his bike. He was trying to quickly make it to his class on time. He heard something shatter and break behind him. His phone had dropped and fallen from his pocket. Jim ordered a brand new replacement phone online afterwards.
I had bought a new cello and wanted to be good at it. I decided to spend an hour a day practicing. Every day, I got up at six in the morning to practice. After a few months, I had gotten pretty good. I played for my friends, and they said I sounded horrible.
The cool kids at Kia's school all played lacrosse. Kia wanted to be cool, so she joined the team. But soon she was unhappy. The training was hard and the games weren't fun. Kia decided she didn't want to play the cool sport after all!
Gary worked hard all week, and wanted to relax on Saturday. As Gary awoke, he poured himself a bowl of cereal. After eating Gary turned on the TV, and saw his favorite cartoon. Gary immediately sat down and watched his favorite cartoons. Gary was glad to be relaxing after a week of work to Saturday cartoons.
Ray loved watching television. Countless hours were spent staring at the glowing screen. One day, the television broke down. Bored, Ray picked out a book lying on the shelf. Ray became more interested in books than TV from that day on.
Nicole's precious package was swaddled in several protective layers. She slowly marched up the stairs to the school's roof. With trepidation she looked over the edge at the chanting crowd. She closed her eyes as her outstretched hand let go of the package. She peered over the edge to see the signal that the egg had survived.
Jim was going to take a shower. He noticed there was no hot water. Jim checked and realized the water heater had gone out. He didn't have enough time to wait for it to work completely. Jim wound up taking a cold shower.
The man cleaned his ears. He started having problems with one ear. He had it looked at. He had compacted ear wax. The doctor told him not to clean his ears like that.
Jamie had lost her house key. She used her husband's key to get into the house. Jamie and her husband were worried about the lost key. They went to the hardware store. They bought a new lock and key for their door.
John got a job on a construction site. On his first day, he was asked to operate a crane. John explained he had no experience with cranes. They told him to do it anyway. John was promptly fired after smashing a mobile unit to pieces.
Candy's dad worked for a law firm. She would stay in his office sometimes after school. Candy would hear a lot of law terms from the office. Candy became interested in law. When she got older, Candy majored in law like her father.
Heather wanted a special treat. She bought a bottle of champagne. She and her friends drank it all one evening. They decided to make a ritual of it. The next Friday night, they did the same thing!
The ant hill near the maple tree geared up for an attack. The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants. The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill. When the army arrived, they mercilessly decimated the enemy hill. The queen ant moved to the more spacious neighboring hill.
The teacher introduced himself to the class. He mentioned the supplies we needed, including a math software. I was aware of the textbook, not the software. I had a lot of anxiety since I had no money. However, my mom allowed me to borrow money to buy the software.
Mariah was backstage organizing a play. She needed to get to the other side of the stage. No one was supposed to but she snuck behind the curtain. She was sure that everyone could tell what she had done. Luckily it seemed as though no one did notice.
Farrah made a turn although a car was moving towards her. Although it was supposed to stop, the driver continued. They collided into each other. The ambulance took Farrah to the hospital. Due to her car and medical insurance, she didn't pay any money.
Joe had an important final exam coming up. However, Joe was lazy. He chose to play video games all day instead of study. When exam day came, he was totally unprepared. He ended up failing the exam, thereby failing the whole class as well.
We had dinner tonight with our friend Joe. He is 98 Year's old and lives alone. We had fish and stuffed peppers. Dessert was a apricot and flaky crust. We thanked Joe for the nice dinner.
Buddy was a rough and frightening large black dog. He would bark at strangers and sometimes bite people. One day, a small black kitten appeared at Buddy's house. When Buddy sniffed at her curiously, he was told to be gentle. Buddy learned to be calm so that he wouldn't scare his new friend.
I opened up a bakery. On the first day I had no customers. I decided to spend ten thousand dollars on advertising. I spent so much money that I went bankrupt. I decided I was not cut out for owning my own business.
Pat got drunk at his wedding. His wife took him home. Pat started drinking again the next day. His wife threatened to divorce him. Pat entered an alcohol treatment program.
A man was in the market for a new car. He drove to many dealerships. He researched many vehicles. He found a great vehicle. He purchased the vehicle.
Jude was ready for school an hour earlier than usual. He had vowed to eat breakfast before he went in. He had never eaten breakfast before school. He microwaved his oatmeal that morning. The microwave stopped working halfway through.
Billy always wanted to be a cowboy. To celebrate his tenth birthday his dad took him to a dude ranch. The first time he tried to get on a horse he fell off. The next time he got on with no problem. He spent the rest of the weekend riding like a pro.
Vera was having dinner at her favorite restaurant. She ordered her favorite meals, cheesy pasta shells. She got the dish and halfway through eating found a hair. She talked with the manager who agreed to replace the dish. She continued to eat at this place even after finding the hair.
Sam was using his debit card. He thought he had more money than he did. It overdrafted his account. Sam was struck with several fees. Sam decided to cancel his bank account.
I am selling books on Amazon for my niece's college. I came across The Moonstone. I read the book, as I had heard about it in high school. After I read it I put it up for sale. I am selling it for ninety nine cents.
Jim got a brand new car. He had purchased the car off of his neighbor. The car needed an oil change. Jim took his car to the mechanic. After the oil change, his car ran like brand new.
Fred decided he wanted to keep a daily diary. He started by writing simple descriptions of his life. After several years he had a rich diary of his experiences. He treasured his diary. Fred was happy that he had started keeping a daily diary.
Today is the day of Maria's wedding. She is excited, in the morning she went and got her hair done. At three pm she took a limo to the Church to marry her husband. Maria and her new husband James looked great during their dance. They left in the limo for the airport.
It was Tim and Liz's fifth wedding anniversary. Tim surprised Liz with a hot air balloon ride. They took a picnic lunch and champagne with them. They ate and drank as they soared across the sky. It was an anniversary they would both remember.
Jimmy was an immigrant from France. He came to the United States when he was 10. He was in class when someone made fun of his accent. Jimmy ran out of class and into the bathroom. Jimmy stayed there and cried for hours.
Tina was waiting in line at the ice cream shop. The woman in front of her was having a lot of samples. This irritated Tina. So she decided to confront her about it. The woman got mad but did apologize.
Sarah and Mike live together in California. For his 30th birthday she bought him a trip to Hawaii. He loved going to the beach and couldn't wait to go diving. Unfortunately,when they went diving Mike dove hard into a rock. Sadly,he broke his neck and is now paralyzed from the neck down.
Alan walked to the cafeteria for lunch. There, he ran into a few of his buddies. They playfully started a food fight. But soon other students had joined in, and it was chaotic! The principal reprimanded Alan for his role in the food fight.
I joined my friend in the gym to lift weights. We started our workout on the bench press. I lifted half of what my friend did, and I almost dropped the weight. When we moved to the leg exercises, I quit from exhaustion. I went into the locker room and packed up my bag for home.
Marcus needed clothing for a business casual event. All of his clothes were either too formal or too casual. He decided to buy a pair of khakis. The pair he bought fit him perfectly. Marcus was happy to have the right clothes for the event.
Jen took Lucy to ER. She did not feel good. Doctor saw them immediately. They run some tests on Lucy. They found out she had food poisoning.
Keisha used to be a vegetarian, but she strayed from the lifestyle. She succumbed to cravings for turkey and hamburgers. Keisha was disappointed about this and wanted to renew her commitment. She signed up for a vegetarian cooking class at a restaurant. The class is helping Keisha stay on track with her lifestyle goals.
Selena averaged 7 hours of sleep every night. But every morning she'd awake and still not feel rested. She went to the Doctor who ordered a sleep study test for her. The sleep study revealed she didn't breathe properly during sleep. So the Doctor prescribed a cpap machine and she sleeps better now.
Kim had a burning sensation in her bladder. She went to the doctor. The doctor said she had a urinary tract infection. He gave her antibiotics. The infection cleared up.
A week after the little girl's dog died, she had a new puppy. Feeling sorry for her, I made her a gift. I painted a cage pink and decorated it with stuffed animals. I placed a sign that said princess on the cage. I gave it to the overjoyed little girl.
Suzy made an appointment to get her hair done. She promised she would be there. But the next day she woke up late. Therefore she couldn't make it. She missed it but they still charged her.
Jack and Diane took their kids to the beach. The kids pointed excitedly at the jellyfish bloom on the water. Their parents told them not to go near it. The kids didn't listen to Jack and Diane. Their joyful squeals turned to screams as they were stung to death.
Bonny wanted to knit a special sweater for her boyfriend. She looked in his closet to make sure she knew his size. She finally finished it. He tried it on but it was way too small. She had accidentally used his little brother's shirt as a guide!
I wanted to protect myself from the dregs of society. I enrolled in Karate classes. I took Tae Kwon Do Classes. I passed my Judo self defense tests with flying colors. I am now a Black Belt in self defense.
The Cubs and Indians played game two of the world series last night. Heading into the game, the Indians were up 1 game to none. The Cubs scored a run early last night with their ace on the mound. Jake Arrieta threw a no-hitter heading into the sixth inning. The Cubs won 5-1 and the series is now even at one game apiece.
Kurt walked down the street in the rain. His umbrella was picked up by the wind. He was not strong enough to hold it down. The umbrella flew away. Kurt felt the cold rain come upon him without the umbrella.
Tim was a car salesman. He was excellent at his job. His boss decided to give him a bonus for his excellent work. Tim took the money to go on vacation with his family. Tim and his family died due to a plane crash while on vacation.
Dan was working diligently at his desk. He reached over for his stapler and it wasn't there! He searched everywhere, turning up nothing. Until Angela came to his desk, holding his red stapler. He thanked her and was happy to have found his lost appliance.
One day, I was out back of our house with some friends as a teenager. We were messing around, and one of my friends had a BB gun. He was shooting things, and next thing I knew, I felt a sting. My friend had shot me with the BB gun in my hand! I had a BB stuck in my finger for months after that!
Jim and his girlfriend were preparing for the party. They were so distracted that they forgot about their child. When they arrived to the party, Hannah smelled something weird. She walked towards the smell and ended up near Jim's baby. They found out that his diaper was soaked in urine.
Jon needed some food, as his cupboards were empty. John went to the grocery store. John was unsure about whether to get meats or cereals and fruit. John decided to get a little of both. John made himself an epic dinner that night!
This morning I finished a nice morning jog. I made a mixed green smoothie to refuel my body. My phone started ringing so I left my smoothie on the counter. I heard a loud crash. I ran in to see a trail of tiny cat prints leading from my smoothie.
Mike's mom gave him permission to get a fish. Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store. Every day, Mike fed the fish. One day Mike came home to find the fish had died. Mike's mom told him that it wasn't his fault.
Tracey got a new puppy that she loved very much. The puppy began chewing on everything when it was at home alone. One day Tracey came home to find that it had destroyed her couch. Tracey had to find a new home for the puppy. Tracey cried all night after giving her puppy away.
Carrie went with her friends to a rock concert. The girls waited in line for four hours just to get inside. Finally they got inside and had fun. However there was a lot of pushing and shoving. When it was over they had fun.
Jane is in need of a new car. She's a bit nervous about making a big commitment. Jane heads to the dealership to see what they have. Jane talks to a very nice salesman. He sales Jane a brand new Car and Jane totally loves it.
Steve accidentally dropped blue dye in the brick mix. The bricks started to come out purple. The customer the new brick color. Slowly the town switched over to all purple bricks. People now call it the Town of Purple.
Lisa ordered ten books from the book order. Her kids read them all in one day. She decided she'd go to the library from now on. Her kids were voracious readers. But the cost was too high.
Katie needed new socks. She didn't want to ask her mom. She decided to buy them on her own. She went to the cash register and did not have enough. Luckily someone helped Katie with the rest of her purchase.
Lucy was making macaroni. She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook. She was in the middle of stirring the pasta. Suddenly, she spotted a bug in her noodles. She was disgusted and threw the whole thing out.
I once made a leprechaun trap as a kid. I really fantasized that I'd find a leprechaun in there. I put candy, drawings, and things inside to attract the leprechaun. I waited all day and there was nothing to be found. By the next morning there still wasn't a leprechaun and I gave up.
Jim went with his friends to the downtown area of the city. It was a Friday night and everybody was restless. They went to many bars and had lots of drinks. Eventually Jim became very inebriated. Jim had to call a taxi to take him home at the end of the night.
Cohen was beginning to lose his hair. His friends would tease him about his hair. He tried a hair treatment he saw on tv. His hair began to grow back. His friends stopped teasing him.
Someone knocked on Manny's door. He looked outside his peephole. Manny saw it was his ex girlfriend. He didn't want to talk to her so he kept the door closed. The woman left Manny's door.
My brother was in a bad mood. He opened a can of paint. He splashed it on the ground. I told him to clean it up. He refused to clean it up.
Zoe's neighbor loved to decorate her yard with lawn gnomes. Zoe thought lawn gnomes were creepy. At midnight she sneaked out and loaded them all into her trunk. When she was almost done, her neighbor caught her. The police arrested her.
John was warned about the tornado forecast in his area. John chose to ignore it. Suddenly the tornado came to his house. John was in a shock but he managed to leave. John lost his house and his stuff.
Gina was hungry, but her mother hadn't cooked yet. She didn't want to cook herself. She went to the store and bought a frozen burrito. After cooking she put cheese, sour cream, and salsa on top. With a side of chips it wasn't half bad.
A soldier stole a tank from the base and drove it away. He drove the tank through main street of the nearby town. He stopped and asked for directions to a restaurant. A pedestrian pointed vaguely to the West. The soldier saluted him and drove off.
Neil was visiting Turkey. He arrived in Antioch and looked around. There were so many beautiful buildings and churches! Neil spent days seeing everything. Turkey was his new favorite country to explore!
Millie was walking home with some groceries. She had a heavy load but figured she would make it alright. Suddenly she heard a thud as her bad ripped and a can fell out. With the bad ripped,  half her food began spilling. Luckily her friend was able to drive over to help Millie.
Vince was putting up a shed in his backyard. The instructions called for a shovel, but Vince didn't have one. He walked next door and asked his friend if he could borrow his. His friend allowed him to borrow and Vince walked back home. Vince finished the shed and then returned the shovel to his friend.
I went inside to get some coffee at a gas station. I left my keys in the ignition. After I paid for my coffee, I watched somebody drive off in my car! The police found it only a few blocks away. The thief completely totaled it!
It was beginning to snow. Ayla moved through the dead woods like a whisper. Her feet barely touched the cold ground. Some tourists took a picture of her, thinking her a ghost. Ayla proved she was very much alive when she shot them all.
Blake was a wandering blade merchant. He made his way to a big city. In the city he found a chef in dire need of knives. He ended up buying every single blade Blake had. Blake went home that night with his pockets full of cash.
Jack ordered a large decaf coffee. When he took a sip, it was caffeinated. Instead of telling the waitress, he drank it anyway. Jack then had an allergic reaction. He had to go to the ER and receive medical attention.
Nina was at school. Suddenly, her mom arrived to pick her up. Nina was confused. She asked her mom where they were going. They were going on a fun trip!
Janice was too truthful for her own good. She told her boss that an employee was cheating. The boss congratulated her, but her colleagues resented her. She tried to make up for it by being nice to them. But nothing would do as she had betrayed them in their eyes.
Stephanie and Tom wanted a dog. Stephanie and Tom did not know what kind to buy. Stephanie and Tom saw a poodle puppy in the window. Stephanie and Tom bought the poodle. Stephanie and Tom are now happy with their pet poodle, Ralph.
Wallace went to the water park for the first time last week. He was very eager to try the highest slide. When he arrived on top, he fell backward on the slide. His swimsuit got caught. And when he slid all the way down, he was naked.
One day, I went to CVS to get some things. As I was walking to the front, a huge gust of wind blew. I had on a skirt, so the wind blew my squirt up. I had no underwear on, so I was mortified. I grabbed my skirt and ran very fast into the store.
Lucy and her friend Molly were coloring. Mary's mother had given them coloring books to use. All of the coloring books were from church. Mary was getting upset with the way Lucy was coloring. It was blasphemy to color the characters with blue skin.
Alan got home from school one day. The house was empty. He couldn't find his mother anywhere. Alan was frantic. Alan was relieved to find his mother in the garden.
Rick spotted a squirrel in the yard. He walked toward it and it ran a little ahead. Rick wanted to play so he chased the squirrel. Every time he got close it ran further away. Rick gave up when the squirrel ran up a tree.
Peter loved trading, He was keeping his eye on volatility. It was very high last week. To his surprise it dropped today. Peter then made some good money on it.
The woman didn't buy food for her children. They were always hungry. One day the youngest child went next door. He asked the neighbors for some food. They all came over and had a feast.
Earl is a senior citizen and likes to go out to get coffee. There's a fast food chain that gives him a senior discount. He's been going there for coffee for twenty Year's. Today he got a coffee maker for his home for the first time ever. Now he doesn't have to leave his house for coffee.
I love listening to specific songs. I usually go on youtube to listen to songs. However, youtube doesn't have the ability to repeat the video. I have to use a third party website to listen to songs on repeat. I listen to songs on repeat to get myself through the day.
I was introduced to choral music in 1978. I went to choral concert in a church in my neighborhood. When I heard the women sing my heart leapt. I was very moved, and attended lots of choral concerts that year. I am still moved by oratorios and requiem masses.
Sean went to a concert. He ran into the restroom between songs. There was a long line to use the restroom. Sean exited the restroom and returned to his seat. He had missed his favorite song.
Charles wanted to spend an evening alone in a motel. He pulled up in a seedy motel where the toilets were usually broken. In the parking lot, he tried to finished smoking his cigarette. But the police pulled up and started asking Charles questions. The motel clerk called the police on Charles for no reason.
Tom's bird was normally well behaved. One day it got out of the cage. A friend came over and the bird escaped as he opened the door. Tom looked for the bird for days. He never found it.
Cole is a senior in high school. The senior class was having the annual day to cut class. Cole knew that his math teacher was going to give a test on that day. Cole could not afford to miss the math test. Cole decided that he was not going to take part in the annual cut day.
It was Mother's Day. John wanted to make his mother breakfast in bed. He made pancakes and scrambled eggs. It was the first time John has cooked by himself. John's mother loved her breakfast in bed.
Ben is going to turn 9 very soon. He was counting down the days until his birthday party. Ben was worried no one would show up at his home. On the day of the party, everyone Ben knew showed up! Ben was convinced the day couldn't be any more perfect.
Mia was on a tight budget but agreed to go antiquing with her friends. The antique store was crowded with items, leaving little room to move. Mia knelt down to look in a bargain bin and banged into a cabinet. A glass vase with a price tag of $1000 teetered from the shelf. Mia thanked her guardian angels as she caught it in the knick of time.
He picked up his cigarettes. He lit the first one of the day. He sat back and squinted. The smoke burned his eyes. He said he hoped he wouldn't die from smoking.
Taylor was building a car house. She had been stacking cards for three hours. She only had a joker and a 2 left to put on the card house. Her brother came in and saw the cards and knocked the it all down. Taylor is now grounded for giving her brother a black eye.
Wanda went to therapy to work through her issues. She was thankful for public healthcare. It was the only way Wanda could afford it. She persisted with her sessions, despite her misgivings. After working through her issues, Wanda now lives a productive life.
Bob was afraid of open water. His friends tried to help him overcome his fear. They decided to go on a group trip. There, he rode in a canoe. He enjoyed it far more than he expected.
Dolly always dreamed of being a singer. She often thought in her room of being a big star. She decided to give it a shot and move to nashville. She struggled at first but knew it wasn't going to be easy. One day dolly caught her big break and became a huge star.
Jenny was walking home from work. Her belongings seeped through a hole from her bag. She didn't noticed that her stuff was falling on the ground. When she turned around, there was a large trial of her belongings. The people that were around her helped her pick them up.
Joe and Frank went to Las Vegas together. Joe decided he would limit his gambling to 100 dollars. He lost his first few hands of blackjack. Then he went on a winning streak. He left the casino up over 900 dollars.
Last week I took a bus to the city. It took four hours. It was the longest trip. The bad part was getting a flat tire. After the flat tire we were moving again
Tom went on a cruise through the Caribbean He did all sorts of fun stuff on the cruise He went snorkeling, zip lining, dancing, and karaoke. He had so much fun he didn't wanna go home At the end of the two weeks he was sad it was over
One day a salesman came by my office. He gave me a brochure about his company. It was on the site of a railroad locomotive factory. I put the brochure up on ebay. It sold for $20.
Kim was going to pick out a Christmas tree with her grandma. She was excited because her mother always used fake trees. The lot was huge, and there were trees everywhere. Kim fell in love with a small tree no taller than her. Her grandma protested, but Kim still got the tree she wanted.
Harry loved building things out of toothpicks. He would build big towers and castles even. One day he forgot to pick up after his latest project. His mother stepped on one of the toothpicks with bare feet. His mother had to go to the hospital to get it removed.
Farmer Joe had done everything right. He'd sowed and fertilized just as he'd been taught. He stared at the barren field of stunted brown weeds in disgust. He imbibed alcohol until an idea presented itself. Joe burnt down his farm and collected the insurance money.
It was the end of the week. Tina was waiting for the paycheck. When she asked her boss she said she had none. Tina was defeated. She couldn't believe she never got paid.
Carlos found a box on his porch. It appeared to be a gift, but he didn't know who it was from. He took it inside and opened it up. It was the sweater he had been eyeing! He never found out who left it for him, but he was very thankful!
Dan was in a fight in his classroom with another boy. His teacher dragged both boys to the principal's office. As Dan waited outside the office his mom arrived. In the office And sat quietly while being scolded. Dan was suspended from school for 2 days.
I was browsing the internet one day. I saw an ad photo that looked like it was taken on my roof. I was very surprised. I took my laptop onto the roof to compare the picture to it. It turned out not to be quite the same, though.
Becky was out for lunch. All of a sudden a small piece of fruit got stuck in her throat. She started to choke. A random stranger jumped in to help. Thankfully they were able to dislodge the fruit.
There were once two little cat, Chocola and Vanilla The two loved playing together, but they loved their master even more! One day their master left for a long time. The two cats were very sad. Thankfully he returned later with arms full of cat food!
Audrey baked a chocolate cheese cake for her lover. He tasted it and thought it was delicious. He rubbed it all over her body. Audrey slapped him, saying it wasn't time for that. They watched Game of Thrones instead and enjoyed the cake.
Jen took her lunch break from her job. After lunch she started to feel sick. Jen began to vomit. She left from work and took a sick day. Jen went to the doctor after work.
Greg was very scared. Someone had been murdered in his apartment building! He kept checking to make sure his doors were locked. Greg was terrified that he would be next. He quickly moved out of the complex.
Jenny painted her middle toenail black. Her friend asked her why. Jenny offered to paint her nail so she could see. Her friend agreed. Jenny painted her friends middle toenail black.
Tim had to have surgery recently. He had stomach issues that had no other way of being fixed. After surgery Tim was in pain for several days. They found out the doctors did a poor job. Tim required a second surgery afterward.
Tommy loved to go fishing with his dad when he had the time. Tommy's dad no longer had time to take him because of his job. Tommy's made a quick stop on his way home from work. Tommy's dad had a surprise waiting for him when he came home. Tommy and his dad went fishing with the new fishing pole.
John loves playing cards. John challenges Jimmy to a card game. Jimmy defeats John. John practices for several days. John defeats Jimmy after a week.
Julie ordered a toy for her daughter online. When the toy arrived at her house, she noticed something. Julie saw that the box had been cut into, and things were stolen out. Julie called customer service. They told her they would send her a new toy.
Kelly went to the market around the corner from home. She bought burgers, buns, soda, and a can of beans. She returned home where her three kids were waiting. They were hungry and it was almost bedtime. Kelly cooked, fed the kids, and they enjoyed the burgers and beans.
Candace was listening to the radio as she took a shower. Her favorite song came on. Candace began to dance. Candace slipped and fell. She never danced in the shower again.
Kelly and the girls wanted to take a train to the city. The train only had a few times available. The girls raced as fast as they could to the train. Unfortunately they missed it. The girls had to wait for another one.
Cyrus is a suspicious sort of man. He just knew people were hiding things from him. Cyrus waited until bad things would happen in the world. He then unveiled his master plan to know all the secrets. Soon Cyrus would know the hidden recipe for fried chicken.
I went on a trip to Las Vegas last year. I had a great time playing blackjack. I did a very good job of winning money on my first day there. I got a little too cocky and lost a lot of the money I won. Next time I will have to be more careful with my money.
Kate sat on gum in a Vegas nightclub. Her dress was ruined. In the bathroom she tried to repair the damage. Some girls stood in the corner laughing at her. Kate lost her temper and began to yell at them.
Alex learned how to ride a bike today. At first, he was afraid to pedal. However, once he learned how to do that, it was easy. He learned how to stop very easily. He is currently biking around the neighborhood.
The man picked up the spoon. He dipped it into the soup. He noticed it was dirty after he put it in. He told the waiter. The waiter brought him some new soup.
Johnny got a job at a new pizza place. The pizza place was doing a promotion. They wanted Johnny to pass out flyers. Johnny went to the parking lots of the busiest stores. He left flyers on the car windshields.
Tony lived in the mountains. He spent a lot of time in the hot springs. When he had a long day, he'd go sit in them to relax. He loved feeling the warm water and looking at the amazing views. Tony felt very blessed to live in an amazing place.
Melissa wanted to be a cheerleader. She asked her friend to help. They joined a gym together. The practiced every night. They made the team together.
Alice liked playing with dolls. She had dozens of dolls. Her mother hated that she never picked up her dolls. Her mother decided to donate half of them while Alice was at school. Alice was very upset about losing the dolls.
A woman lost her cat. She was very upset to no longer have the cat. The woman asked the neighbors to watch for the cat. One man saw a cat the next day that looked just like the missing cat. Unfortunately, the cat was male and the missing cat was female.
Ray was getting his degree in journalism. He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night. He would write articles and reports for his portfolio. Over time he built up a nice resume and portfolio. He sent both out to many different employers in hopes of a job.
Bob decided to fly out to North Dakota to look at houses. He booked a flight on an airline he'd never flown with before. After a long delay the plane finally took off. Bob was distracted thinking about houses and didn't notice the smoke. The plane's engines caught on fire and it crashed, killing everyone.
A party I was at was ending. I left the party late at night by myself. While walking down the street, I was stopped. I looked over and and saw a homeless man. He asked me for money and I gave him five bucks.
Shane had just finished up at the doctor's. He had found out he had strep throat. On the way home, his dad took him to a chinese restaurant. Shane tried to eat, but his throat hurt too badly. Instead, he just ate some egg drop soup.
Shep had dreams of being hollywood movie star. After hundreds of rejected auditions he finally received a call back. He thought this could be his big break. He was wrong. He was just the guy waving in the new Chevy car commercial.
Ana took her young daughters to the park for a picnic. As they plucked clovers from the grass, she smiled fondly. She tried to remember how she'd made chains of clovers in her youth. She showed her girls the basic technique. They loved it-they wore their cloVer necklaces all afternoon!
Dan wanted to play a prank on his roommate, Joe. Dan called Joe at his office. Dan pretended to be an idiot names Joshua. Dan was mortified to be informed of something later in the day. Dan learned that Joe's boss is named Joshua!
Ben's girlfriend broke up with him. Since he was distressed, he missed his appointment. His doctor tried calling him for several days but he didn't respond. A few days later, Ben caught an extreme allergic reaction. The doctor scolded him for being irresponsible.
The friends went on a camping trip. The weather for the weekend looked good. They got to the campsite and put up their tents. That night it rained. All of their gear got wet.
Lisa was eating pint of ice cream. She loved the ice cream so much. She ate the entire pint in ten minutes. Afterwards she was full. She went and bought another one.
Jeremy loved to walk through town. While walking through town he accidentally bumped into another man. This man threatened to fight Jeremy. Jeremy, feeling threatened, punched the man once in the face. The man fell down, avoiding a larger confrontation.
Jane had just graduated from high school. She wanted money to get a new car, so she went out to get a job. Jane tried the fast food restaurants, but none of them were hiring. Finally, Jane tried the local Walmart. She got a job at the Walmart and worked there until she got a car.
Jane wanted to become a better artist. She bought brushes and paint from the art store. She practiced her painting skills whenever she could. The next month, she entered an art contest. She was excited when her painting won a ribbon.
Billy's mom told him not to eat too many sweets. Billy didn't listen. He ate sweets every chance he got. The dentist gave Billy lots of fillings. Billy regretted eating so many sweets.
Tim was getting married. His fiance was freaking out about it. She kept making several last minute changes. It was a bit stressful for Tim. He got through it and had a great marriage, though.
Maria went to church every Sunday. She wasn't expecting anything from God but went for comfort. When death hit her family, she went every day instead. And she became very close to God. After many months, she let go of the real world to become a nun.
I was spending my first night alone. I walked into the kitchen because I thought I heard a sound. I glanced into the weight room. I saw my father's coat hanging on a weight machine. I screamed, thinking it was a person.
Zack was nine Years old. He wanted to be an adult so bad. Adults got to drive and stay up late. Later on Zack became an adult. He finally realized how easy he had it as a kid.
Erin was stressed out. She had so many things to do and so little time! She made a list and started checking them off. She was determined to get organized! She had a plan and was feeling more relaxed.
Bill felt dizzy. He didn't know what was wrong. He decided to eat a sandwich. During his meal, Bill started to feel better. He realized that he should never skip lunch!
Alexis went to the nail salon on a Thursday morning. She asked to get a pedicure. The nail technician told Alexis to pick out a nail polish color. Alexis selected a bottle of glittery blue nail polish. She left the salon with soft feet and glittery polish on her toes.
Hailey was a typical teenager attached to her cell phone all the time. She brought it everywhere she went and used it all the time. One day she wasn't feeling well and had to leave school early. She got home and was upset to find she didn't have her phone with her. She went to school to find her friend was holding on to her phone.
It was the first day of school and Ian was getting nervous. He thought he would not make any friends. He went into the building and some people approached him. They invited him to lunch. Ian ended up making friends.
Sean was playing in a football game. He was running across the field when he tripped. His ankle twisted and he fell to the ground in pain. A nurse confirmed he had a sprain. Luckily, he was given medication to ease the pain.
Sophie put a jaunty hat, ready to leave her home. When she opened the door, a man was standing outside. He was there with a limousine. She followed him inside the car. And inside she found all her friends cheering her for her birthday.
Nikita's favorite holiday was today. It was Christmas! She woke up early to open her presents. Her mom gave her a barbie doll. She played with her doll the rest of the night.
My brother took me to dinner for my birthday. All of my friends were busy it seemed. The dinner was great. Afterwards he drove me home. When I opened the door I was surprised with a surprise party!
Elizabeth was afraid of meeting new people. One day, she was approached at lunch by someone she'd never met before. Elizabeth was terrified at first, but managed to say hello. She then had a conversation with the person she just met. Elizabeth made a new friend that day.
Klondike got run over by a car. He tore down a wooden fence that had been broken by a tree. The tree had fallen during a storm the night before. Seeing an escape, Klondike burst through the fence. He ran toward the road, where a huge truck hit him.
Aura had been homeschooled all eleven years of her life. She was afraid to transfer to public school. She feared the other kids would make fun of her unique name. But on her first day, she met a Rain, a Blossom, and a Heaven! Aura made lots of new friends with unique names just like hers!
Anita was on her way to work. She hadn't had time to have breakfast. Anita was hungry. She stopped at a gas station. Anita bought herself a donut.
Cher's friends wanted to play a prank on her. They exchanged her car with a cardboard replica. They expected her to freak out when she saw it. Cher pondered the cardboard cut-out for a moment. She picked it up and started making engine sounds with her mouth.
Jon was playing football. As he went to catch the ball, he landed on his hand. It went back and he heard a crack. Jon broke his hand. He was out for the rest of the season.
Marty loved to explore. One night Marty decided to explore through the mountains. He then saw a moose. Marty stood there in amazement. He smiled as the moose trotted away.
Andrea worked as an accountant. She had been recently hired by a large firm. She was blamed for another employee's mistake, her being new. Andrea always kept very fastidious records of her work. She was able to prove that she was not to blame, and received a bonus.
Jane wanted to be a nurse. She enrolled in all the prerequisites at school. She took her entrance exam. Jane sent in her application to nursing school. Jane was accepted and extremely excited.
Doug went to the mailbox to fetch the day's mail. He opened the box and took out some letters. Suddenly a swarm of wasps came out of the mailbox. Doug dropped the mail and fled the scene. He ran inside without the mail and shut the door behind him.
Lindsay was getting ready for her friend's wedding. She changed into her outfit. She realized there was a stain on the front of her dress. Lindsay's mother had stain remover. She used the stain remover and Lindsay was all set to go.
Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date. The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him. When Bob gets to the restaurant he is horrified. The blind date is his sister. They both agree to never tell anyone before leaving immediately.
Kate watched too much TV. Her mom told her she could only watch TV after her homework was done. At first Kate whined angrily. But slowly she grew to accept the rule change. Soon she barely even missed TV at all!
My mom wanted to go on vacation this fall. She wasn't sure where she wanted to go but I recommended Korea. She was thinking about it and started researching Korea. She finally agreed to go to Korea and was excited. She told me she booked the hotel rooms and everything!
Jackie saw a new clothing store in the mall. She asked her boyfriend to take her to the new store. Her boyfriend would rather go to the video game store. The two argued about which to visit, and went their separate ways. The two immediately felt bad and missed the other.
Stu wanted to throw a surprise birthday party for his friend Mark. He created a guest list, sent out invitations and bought refreshments. Then he told his friend he wanted to take him for a birthday dinner. At the restaurant, all of Mark's friends were waiting to surprise him. Mark was really caught off guard and also very touched by the effort.
I had to draw sketches for work. I was running out of sketching ideas. Soon enough, my brain was tired and I gave up sketching. I realized I needed to sleep to rest and regain my creativity. Sure enough, after a nap I felt creative and had more sketching ideas!
Tina decided to cook for her boyfriend. She found a recipe for chicken casserole. She bought all the ingredients. She followed the recipe perfectly. It turned out great and he loved it.
James heard about a party on the pier. But no one told him the party was on a boat. At the pier, he saw college students getting on a small boat. He asked them where is the party? He got on the boat with the students and the took him to the party.
As I walked into the dentist office I was terrified. I sat and waited to be called back, scared of what would happen. When I went back I realized my fears were frivolous. The dentist simply checked my teeth and cleaned them. After that appointment I made sure to schedule visits regularly.
A squirrel scampered across the yard. He snatched up an acorn and ran away. The dog chased him until he got to the fence. That squirrel bothered him every day! He sat on the deck and waited for the creature to come back in.
Jenny had her first annual appointment to go to. She had never been. The thought of the check up was embarrassing to her. After a few minutes, her check up was over. It wasn't quite as bad as she thought.
Tim worked at a large office. During flu season a lot of people got sick. Most refused to take any days off. Tim eventually caught the flu because of it. He was out of work for almost a week.
Shel had an apple tree in his backyard. The tree would faithfully bear fruit every year. On hot summer days, the tree would graciously provide shade. Shel grew very attached to the tree. He loved it like a pet or a family member.
Bridgett needs a new job. She looks online for jobs every day after work. She eventually gets an interview for an interesting job. She gets hired after her interview. Bridgette quits her old job and starts at her new, exciting job.
Scarlett, in spite of her name, didn't like the color red. He parents always bought her red dresses and red ribbons. What she wanted the most was something that was green. She asked for a green dress on her birthday. But she received a red one and sighed with sadness.
Tim was trying to sell his car. He couldn't find the title to it anywhere. He called about getting a new one. It turned out to be a big hassle. Tim had to pay a lot of money.
I was always afraid of going off the second platform. I could jump in regularly. But some people did flips. One day someone called me over for some help. I dove off the second platform.
Jeff came into class angry from his car accident. However, his teacher handed his test from last week. Since he passed the exam, he was completely happy. He couldn't stop talking about it to his friends. His family also heard of it.
Tom loved going to the library. Last Friday he was there reading a great new book. A couple of kids went in and started making noise. Finally Tom lost it and yelled at them to be quiet. He was asked to leave by the librarian who heard him.
Maya had gotten in trouble for sneaking out. Her mom insisted on drug testing her. Maya was angry and swore she didn't do drugs. She took the test and she passed it. She told her mom "I told you so" angrily.
Ella spent a semester studying abroad in Tibet. Everyone there was a Buddhist, but Ella was a Jew. She could not find any synagogues to attend. Finally she had a private conversation with God. She decided God would understand her missing synagogue for a semester.
My friends invited me to the bowling alley. I was nervous because I hadn't bowled in years. Unfortunately my skills were worse than I thought. After missing all the pins, I sat down depressed. However, I became happy when I saw how bad everyone else was.
I got into the car and put my keys in the ignition. As I started the car, my son was finishing his drink. Suddenly I heard the word mom come from the four year old boy. I froze and burst into tears. Since he has apraxia, that was the first time he'd ever called me mom.
I moved to California to work for my friend's business. She told me it would be a great opportunity. When I arrived, I was very enthusiastic. As time went by, I realized nobody knew what they were doing. I ended up quitting.
Bill decides to try a pie from the new bakery. It is the worst pie he has ever eaten. He wonders how they can stay in business with such awful products. Then next week Bill sees a story about the bakery. The owners were arrested for using the bakery to launder money.
Tay was visiting Mexico. He knew not to drink the water. But at one restaurant, he ordered a soda with ice. The ice had been made with regular tap water! Tay got terribly sick.
Tammy wanted a new haircut. She was tired of her old style. She was feeling adventurous. She went to the hair salon. At the last minute she chickened out.
Corrine had a pen pal. She would exchange letters with her often. The pen pal decided to visit Corrine. She flew down with her mother. Corrine met her pen pal at the airport.
Early Saturday morning as I sat reading my Bible a butterfly flew by. I paused my study to enjoy such a beautiful site. The creatures wings were blue rimmed in black. She hovered over my rose bush for a moment before moving on. I watched her until she faded away and then resumed my study.
The lawyers were fighting for an appeal. They had a death penalty case that they were desperate to delay. The judge ruled against them. Their client was sentenced to death. The lawyers were devastated.
Crystal went home after school to do her homework. She was not allowed outside to play until it was done. She started around four and finished an hour later. Crystal changed her clothes and went outside to play. She felt good because she had finished her homework.
I wanted to surprise my little cousin Timmy. He deserved something special for being very good in school. I woke him up early and we went for a drive. He was very excited when we arrived. He made sure that we got on every ride in the carnival.
Janet wanted to get a coke from the vending machine. She asked friends for money since she didn't have any on her. When she came to me I gave her a dollar and she used it. The vending machine ate her money and didn't give her the soda. She was so upset that she kicked it and the soda fell out!
Vera wanted to be a fashion designer. She had always loved sketching and creating clothes. For junior prom, Vera's three sisters let her make their dresses. The dresses were lovely and everyone asked who made them. So Vera became a famous designer at the tender age of sixteen!
Tyler got his mail one day. He noticed a card from an unusual address. The card turned out to be from Tyler's best friend from college. They hadn't spoken in twenty years. Tyler called his friend to catch up.
Jake decided to put in a load of laundry after work. He forgot this cellphone was still in the back pocket of his jeans. A few minutes after the load started, he remembered his phone. Jake was too late when he ran downstairs to the washing machine. The water had already filled and ruined his phone.
Cherie had recently given birth. She had been tired over the last few days. Cherie's mother stayed at Cherie's house. Her mother helped take care of the baby. Cherie was able to get much needed rest.
Miles was a soccer player. During a really intense game, it began to rainy. Miles tried using the rainy to his advantage by sliding. Miles scored the winning goal for his team but injured himself. His leg was wounded but he felt proud of himself!
Johnny was waiting his turn at the DMV. He had been waiting for thirty minutes and was growing impatient. He noticed a woman enter the DMV and speak to the front desk. She was immediately serviced even though she had just got there. Johnny became livid.
The winds shifted to the east, and Aaron became stressed. The grass fire was heading towards an unprotected structure. He ordered his men to water down the old wood. Aaron began digging line to create a boundary. Their efforts worked, and Aaron got a commendation.
It was powerball night. Becky stops by the gas station after work. She picks up a few tickets not expecting anything. She goes to sleep later that night. The next morning she wakes up and realizes she has won the jackpot!
The movie Lucy went to Blockbuster to rent was out of stock. She was upset, but decided to get something else. Her grandma suggested a Funny Girl. As she read the box her grandma told her the plot of the movie. Lucy had never heard of it but decided to give it a shot.
Anna tried to steal a candy bar from the store. But the manager saw her. He stopped her on her way out. Soon the police arrived and lectured Anna. But luckily, they let her go without arresting her.
Sherry bought a puppy from a pet store. She loved him but he became very sick within a week and died. She talked to friends who told her about puppy mills. Sherry organized a protest and the ASPCA got involved. The mill was shut down and the dogs all got good homes.
Mindy and alex were best friends. One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown. They didn't speak for 5 Years. Later on, they eventually reunite in a new school. They have resentment in their relationship.
Jim packed all of his things and planned for his camping trip. He loaded everything into the car and was sure he had everything. As he unpacked he realized that he had forgotten his sleeping bag! He asked all around and a man had an extra bag. Jim now has a sleeping bag and is snuggled up by the fire.
Tom went to the store and bought a new pair of shoes. After wearing them for a day, he saw a hole was worn in the toe. He took them back to the shop and showed them the flaw. The manager gave Tom a replacement pair of shoes for free. Tom was pleased and the shoes went on to last him many years!
Tom loved to do wacky experiments. He knew the importance of safety. One day he forgot wear his safety glasses. Tom had a glass beaker explode in his face and glass shards broke. Tom promised to always wear his safety glasses.
Ron was at a coffee shop and was going to pay for his drink. When he reached into his pocket he realized his debit card was gone. He ran out in a panic, checking his car and heading home. He couldn't find it anywhere. Until he reached in his jacket pocket, right where he left it.
Tom tried to be romantic. He tried to get his girlfriend some flowers. He didn't know what kind she liked. Tom's girlfriend thought they were ugly. It really hurt Tom's feelings.
Telly went on a trip. She went to Florida. When they got there was no air conditioning. Telly was irritated. It was too hot.
Sue had been working eighty hour work weeks. She was tired of always working. Her friends took her to a party on Friday night. They stayed up all night laughing and dancing. Sue felt so much better about life after having some fun.
I was in college when i learned how to bake a cake. Since then i always try to bake in our home. One day i tried to bake for my brother's birthday and they like it. They told me i should try baking more and sell it. So they help me to provide all my needs for my bakery.
I went on my prom in 1988. My date Lena, was a friend and a co worker. We took pictures and ate as soon as we entered the venue. After eating, we hit the dance floor and cut up a rug. When prom was over, we went for late ice cream and headed home.
It was finally time to leave for the beach. I packed up all of my things and put my flip-flops on. It was a short walk to the beach. I took my flip-flops off and started walking on the sand. The feeling of sand between my toes was great.
Dan was having a restless night. He was waking up every hour from horrible nightmares. He kept dreaming that monsters were ripping at his chest. Finally, after the fifth time, Dan figured out what was happening. His cat, Fluffy, was jumping off his chest, trying to catch a moth.
Randy always thought it was funny pranking strangers. Until the day he put salt in the pepper shaker. He never took into consideration anyone getting hurt. That afternoon the cops came to Randy's door to tell him bad news. His mom had passed away, she died from an allergic reaction to salt.
After passing a web development class, Charles made a website. Next he signed up for Google AdSense and placed ads on his site. A classmate told Charles he could make money by clicking his own ads. Charles didn't know the classmate was jealous and lying. Charles loss his AdSense account for fraudulent clicks.
John was taking his lunch break at work. He needed to go to the bank. John only had a few minutes of his break after going to the bank. He passed through a drive thru. John ate his burger on the way back to work.
John was cooking pasta for his girlfriend. He heard that it was done when it didn't stick to a wall. Every 30 seconds or so he tossed a piece against the wall. When his girlfriend arrived she laughed hysterically. There was pasta covering the wall by the stove.
Orin could not afford to attend college in America, but he was smart! He had finished high school at the very top of his class. Then a college in Finland reached out to him. There, college was free, and they wanted to sponsor Orin's education! As Orin read their letter, he almost wept with gratitude!
Alex invested all her money into ruby stocks. When they rose in value, she became rich. She picked a Tuesday to start her charity. Rubies allowed her to help impoverished people of the world. Alex keeps channeling her good luck into helping others.
Jack went to the museum with his grandpa. He saw dinosaurs, nature exhibits and tigers. After the museum They went to get hot  dogs for lunch. Jack told his dad what he liked about the museum. Jack and his dad had a fun day out.
Pat's mom wouldn't let him have a pet. She agreed to let him have a fish as long as he cleaned the tank. They got a large fish tank that took a lot of effort. Pat decided it was too much work for him. He gave the fish away to his friend.
Ida decided she wanted a saltwater fish tank. She thought saltwater fish were so beautiful! Then she did some research about setting up a tank. The process was expensive and very, very difficult! Ida decided a saltwater tank wasn't worth the effort, after all.
It was Valentine's Day. Susie wanted to get something for her boyfriend. She decided to get him a nice watch. She splurged on it. It was still worth it though.
Ryan's dog got out one night. Ryan was heartbroken! He looked all day but had no luck, so he put up signs. Thankfully, a neighbor saw the signs and found Ryan's dog! Ryan was so happy when the neighbor called to return his dog.
I had to escort my grandmother out of the eye doctor. Her eyes were hurting her, so they had to remain closed. We were together for several weeks so I can monitor her. Before I was about to leave, she was about to run into a glass window. I immediately ran after her to redirect her.
Jill had a really short temper. She was feeling frustrated at work today. Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work. Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again. Jill was able to get help through anger management classes.
Nate was 14 and lived in a rural area. He was desperate for a job so he could begin saving for college. Finally he found an old farmer who needed help mucking stalls. Nate was willing to work and said so- the farmer shook his hand. Just like that, Nate had found his first fob!
Tom's puppy ran away. He looked for it all day. After a while he heard whimpering. It was coming from under his house. Tom's puppy had gotten stuck there.
I have lived my entire life in the midwestern United States. This week my family is planning a vacation. I am pushing them to pick San Diego or another coastal city. They are leaning toward northern Texas. I will lobby as hard as I can.
Brett got new shoes today. His old ones had a hole in them. He really does not like his new shoes. Brett wanted his old shoes back. His parents threw them away.
When I was in college I had a summer job. The job was being a cart girl at a local golf course. It required me to drive around the course all day and hand out drinks. I loved doing this because it felt like no work. Looking back, I know I'll never have a job that easy ever again.
Bill didn't like his Volkswagen Beetle. He hoped his mother would buy him a sports car. But he picked up his girlfriend in his Beetle and she liked it. She said she liked the feeling of vibrating seats beneath her. Suddenly, the experience of driving a Beetle wasn't so bad.
Daniel was obsessed with dinosaurs. He saw every dinosaur movie multiple times. He noticed the museum was advertising for summer help. Daniel got a job there as a part time assistant. He was excited to be around dinosaurs almost all the time.
Tim was a repairman. So he knew how to fix nearly anything. But one day, his friend told him that his dog died. And Tim didn't know how to comfort him. He said the wrong thing, which broke their relationship.
Harry is very allergic to bees. One day a bee got inside his car while driving. Harry pulled the car over immediately. He ran around the car screaming at the top of his lungs. In the end it was just a fly that scared him.
Today is the deadline for getting 15gb of free space on Onedrive. I had a lot of photos on my iphone, and used up 5gb on dropbox. I got the free app and uploaded all of my photos. I also uploaded my contacts. I was happy to delete photos and free up space on my phone.
There was a king who loved to eat peanut butter sandwiches. He ate them for every meal, every day. He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time. Eventually, the king died of malnutrition. After that, his subjects could eat whatever they wanted.
Tammy was getting a manicure. In the middle of it she had to sneeze. She jerked her head violently by accident. The lady doing her nails got hit in the head. Tammy apologized and tipped extra.
Ray bought a bottle of fish oil tablets. And he was excited about their health benefits. He took two tablets every day. But after a month, he wasn't sure if he was any healthier. He was disappointed that he wasted his money.
Cora was starting her job as a kindergarten teacher. She worked that her young students wouldn't like her. But her first day went very well. All the kids had a great time. At the end of the day, they all told her how much they liked her!
I used a quad cane after my stroke. It was a cane with four feet. It was very stable but cumbersome. After outpatient pt, I started using a regular cane. I felt proud.
My father is an atheist. He married a woman who is Pentecostal in his second marriage. She went to church at least three times a week, begging him to go. My father never went, until he had a heart attack. Now he goes to church every time the door opens.
Melinda heard a noise. There was a burglar in her house! She called the police. They rushed over and arrested him. Melinda no longer felt safe.
Suzanne climbed out of bed one morning to find a package at the door. She opened it up. It was a gift from her boyfriend! It had flowers and chocolate in it. She was very happy.
Tom always lost his lighters. One day he was down to his last one. Tom decided not to give up and find it. He spent hours looking everywhere. Eventually he gave up and bought a new pack.
Gina locked her keys in her car. She had a spare in her purse. To her dismay her purse was on the front seat. So was her phone. Now, Gina had no idea how she would get back into her car.
Tom was bragging about his summer vacation to his friends. He talked about how he spent an adventurous month in Brazil. However, Tom didn't actually go to Brazil. He just wanted to impress his friends. Embarrassingly, Tom couldn't name any Brazilian cities when asked.
Paul's car broke down shortly after leaving the driveway. He decided to push it back home and repair it himself. Paul found himself in over his head and called a tow truck for repair. The tow truck took the car to a garage where it was repaired. Paul then realized attempting repairs yourself can be expensive.
Jacob wanted to take his new girlfriend camping. He lied about being an outdoor enthusiast to impress her. He failed to look at the instructions for assembling the tent. Jacob didn't know what to do with the ground pegs so he hid them. When the wind picked up at night, the tent practically blew away.
Ewan was hiking in Scotland. He found a man playing the bagpipe. He asked if he could give it a try. He blew hard on the bagpipe. A loud terrible screech echoed through the mountains.
I was 17 Year's old when I fell in love with vinyl records. It first began when my uncle left me his vinyl records after he died. At first I hesitated about playing the records, fearing phantasms. Later, however, I finally worked up the courage to play them. I immediately fell in love with them.
Tyler is excited that his family is having a small gathering today. He decides he would like to help prepare for the festivities. Tyler cuts up apples, oranges, and pears for the gathering. When the guests arrive, they are very impressed with the fruit. Tyler is so happy that he helped out with the family gathering.
Lulu went shopping for a new dress. She went and tried it on. Unfortunately she ripped the dress. She was so embarrassed. She paid for it anyway.
Ken found a dog near his house. He was really friendly and smart. Ken didn't notice a collar or any identification. Several months later ken saw a sign for a similar looking missing dog. Ken ignored it because he wanted to keep it.
Ed had to write a short story for his English class. He couldn't think of what to write about. He sat at home and watched TV until a show gave him an idea. He turned his story into a murder-mystery! Ed turned his assignment in and got an A on it!
My friends and I decided to ride the Ferris Wheel. The ticket vendor showed us where to sit and started the ride. We rode for several minutes until the bus stopped. Since there were technical difficulties, we had to wait a while. After two hours, we were released.
My friend used to live in Alaska. He thought it was too cold. Finally he decided to move away. He decided to move to Texas. Now he thinks Texas is too warm.
Bill was always afraid of riding on roller coasters. One summer, a girl in the neighborhood went to an amusement park. Bill went with her because their moms worked together. Bill liked the girl and wanted to impress her. Bill rode his very first roller coaster, and loved it!
Cathy recently visited her local Steak N Shake. Cathy always loved that they had a jukebox there for music. Cathy decided she would look for a song she wanted to hear. Once Cathy found a song, she put in her money, and played the song. Cathy was so excited to hear her song, and so were the other patrons.
Jared had an old tv set. He wanted to get a new big screen. He looked up different options online. After reading reviews he made a choice. He loved it when it arrived.
I planned to eat a healthy meal for lunch. So I opened up my refrigerator to see what to make. But I got tempted by lots of junk food. And I ate more unhealthy food than I should have. Day after day, I did the same thing.
I bought an ice cream cone. The ice cream cone started to melt because it was hot outside. The ice cream ran down my arm and onto my shirt. My shirt was stained. I had to buy a stain remover pen from the store.
Bill was recording his speech for class. After he finished his speech, he searched the camera for the video. He noticed that no video was present. He checked the lens of the camera. Bill forgot that the lens cap was still connected to the camera.
Ken was always bad at holidays. This year he tried his best to remember mother's day. He sent his mother a card. Ken then took her out to dinner. His mother was very appreciative.
Will really liked a girl in his biology class named Jess. Will wrote a poem about how lovely he thought Jess was. Will decided he wanted to man up and tell her his feelings. Will sheepishly gave Jess the poem. After reading it, Jess gave Will a big kiss on the lips!
Kenya was trying to fry some chicken. She left the kitchen for a short moment to use a bathroom. However, the chicken started to fry violently when she returned. Eventually, the oil popped and the chicken landed on the floor. Unfortunately, she had to throw it away.
The Zimmy family loves animals. So they decided to go to the zoo. They went to the zoo as soon as it opened. They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed. The Zimmy family enjoyed the zoo very much.
We got a box in the mail. It contained collectibles from horror movies. We found chop sticks that looked like Krueger's hand. We also had a chainsaw massacre shirt. We were very excited to open the box.
Sara loved shoes. She always spent way too much money on shoes. One day she fell in love with a pair of red high heels. She decided to buy them. She was so happy she did.
Tom was tired of his job. He felt that his boss disrespected him. Tom was being reprimanded and finally had enough. He talked back to his boss and quit. Tom walked out that moment never to return.
Megan had taken a very important math exam last week. Today was the day of the results. She was positive that she had done a poor job. Her paper was placed face down on her desk. She flipped it over and saw that she had gotten a great grade!
Marie started kindergarten today. She was worried about leaving her family. She arrived at school. Her teacher was very nice. Marie was not worried about school anymore.
The boy wanted to cross the river. He decided to walk across a rickety old bridge. It creaked and moaned under his weight. He went slowly but finally made it. He was relieved to be on the other side!
Ricky wasn't sure he would like his new step brothers. He wasn't looking forward to living with them, and felt angry. His mom asked him to please try and get along. Ricky agreed, just to make his mom happy. To his surprise, though, his stepbrothers were cool kids.
Judy chose a purple seahorse to take her around the carousel. She climbed up on the wooden sea creature and held on to the pole. The carousel started its circular journey slowly. Up and down the seahorse galloped to the music. All too soon, it seemed to Judy, the ride was over.
Nancy was fishing. She felt something tug on her line. It was a shark! She reeled it in but then didn't know what to do. Her husband cut the line and released the shark back to the water.
Lee really like a girl named Ines. Ines however thought Lee was a weirdo. Lee made an elaborate love letter for Ines. He gave it to a surprised Ines. Unsurprisingly, Ines turned down poor Lee.
Christmas was coming up! But, I didn't have money to buy presents for my family. I decided to make some money from Mechanical Turk. After a few weeks, I had made seven hundred dollars! I was able to buy amazing presents for my family.
Walter went to work that the library. He picked up the returned books. He checked the books in with his computer. He sorted the books alphabetically. He put the books back on the shelf so others could check them out.
Ashley was walking out the door. She slipped on her favorite shoes. The laces on the shoes were broken. Ashley grabbed a different pair of shoes instead. Ashley bought laces the next time she was in town.
Kyle was sure he did not need to wear a helmet when he rode his bike. One day, he was riding his bike to a friend's house. He wasn't paying attention, and hit a rock. He fell off his bike and got a big bump on his head. He never forgot to wear a helmet again.
The Miller family spent their summers at the lake house. Everyone spent a large amount of time in the water. One year everyone got swimmer's itch from the water. The whole family had to get ointment. The Millers were more careful about washing off after swimming.
Lisa was going on a road trip with her family. She drank a soda before she left. Within an hour into the trip, she had drank two more sodas. Soon Lisa needed to stop at a restroom. Lisa's father warned her to stop drinking as much.
The man was feeling lost. He went to see a guru near him. The guru told him he needed to find his purpose. THe man focused on what he was passionate about. He decided he would make a career change.
Ryan cheated on his school essay. He plagiarized much of it. He thought he would get away with it. But somehow, his teacher discovered his crime! She gave Ryan an F on the paper.
Jenny woke up excited for her big picnic today! She looked outside to see that it was raining. Jenny started to cry. Her mom told her they could go shopping instead. Jenny started to feel better after she bought a new toy!
Gina had been tripped by a bully. She had fallen into the sand. Now she lay there, face down in the sand. She knew she needed to get up. But she wasn't prepared to face the embarrassment.
One day the Zander family went to the art museum. First they saw the paintings. Then they saw the statues. Finally they saw the music hall. Everyone had fun.
Larry was in need of a good hobby. He decided he would try to take golfing up. Larry went out and bought some golf gear. Larry decided to play 9 holes out at the local golf course. Larry enjoyed his trip golfing.
Lane loves hot dogs. He can eat at least 50 in one sitting. His town announced a hot dog eating contest. He decided to enter. Lane won with a record of 105 hot dogs.
John wanted to cheer her girlfriend up because she felt sad. John asked her what she wanted. She asked for a new computer. John bought her a new computer. John's girlfriend became happy again.
Bobby needed to send an important letter through the mail. He ran to the mailbox. The mailman was just pulling away. Bobby wasn't able to stop the mailman. He drove to the post office to send the mail.
Matt had been voted prom king as a prank. He stood awkwardly on stage awaiting his crown. On the count of three, four rows of boys began launching tomatoes. The fruit his Matt and made a huge mess. As everyone laughed, he left the stage sadly.
Kylie is a young girl. Kylie always wanted to be famous. She started a youtube channel. Over months and months her popularity grew. She became an internet sensation after her videos went viral.
Regina got a guitar for her birthday, this year! She really wanted to learn how to play it, so she asked for lessons. The next week, she met her new instructor, and learned two chords! The aspiring musician practiced every day, until her fingers hurt. Six months later, she and her friends started a band.
Bill house sits for his rich friend. He lies to girls by telling him the house and fancy cars are his. He starts dating a model. When she finds out that he's not rich she dumps him. Bill had fun though.
Tom bought an all wheel drive vehicle. He tried to go off roading a few times. It usually went okay. ONe time he got stuck in some deep mud. Tom had to get pulled out by a truck.
Jose took an art class in college. He needed something to do in his spare time and it seemed easy. The art teacher taught Jose about pottery. Jose started to work with clay and make pots and cups. By the end of the semester Jose had tons of artwork in his dorm.
Ella and Jay were camping one day. They hiked down to the lake. There they found an abandoned canoe. They pushed it out into the lake. Ella and Jay had a great afternoon paddling the canoe!
Gordon worked as a seasonal employee at the local country club. In the winter, Gordon had saved up enough money to travel. With nothing to do, he decided to move to Belize for three months. While there, Gordon got malaria due to not being vaccinated. Gordon returned home and luckily was cured by his doctor.
Mister Deals went to garage sales every weekend. This weekend he found himself at the house of a very rich person. An antique caught Mister Deals' eye and he wanted it. The rich man was reluctant to lower his price. After much negotiation, Mister Deals got it for half the asking price.
My mom threw away my homework in the trash. I found out when I was searching the entire house for it. As soon as I saw the garbage can outside, the garbageman was there. He dumped the garbage into the back of the garbage truck. He couldn't hear my yelling since the truck was loud.
Anna had been assigned a paper for history class. She had to write about her family's history. Anna asked her grandparents about their lives. She wrote a richly detailed paper and she enjoyed doing it. Best of all, Anna scored an A on the paper!
Tim had a fish fry. He cooked all kinds of fish. However no one showed up. He had an idea. As soon as he blew the smoke smell with a fan, people came to eat.
Susan loves to take pictures. She was at the mall and saw a special camera. She asked her mom to get it for her. Her mother said if her report card has all A's she will buy it. When Susan's report card came, it had all A's.
Eating healthy is a great lifestyle. You feel great. Your body feels invincible. Then your friends eat pizza in front of you. You end up wondering if being healthy is worth it.
Jack urgently needed his medication. He forgot it back home. He desperately looked for a phone. There were none around. His sister then walked in the room with his medication.
My brother injured his knee at practice. We had to take him to the doctor. The doctor examined his knee. He made him try to bend it. The doctor gave my brother a knee brace.
Dan loses his job. His friends try to give him money. But he is too proud to take it money from friends. So they set up a fake radio contest and rig it for him to win. He never finds out the truth.
Cody didn't feel as if he needed Adam to babysit his exploring. Adam insisted he came along to make sure Cody would be safe. As they hiked, Adam spotted some wolves in the distance. If it weren't for his sharp senses, Cody would have missed the pack. He reluctantly thanked Adam for his observational skills.
Vince's family has always joined the Navy. His father and grandfather were in the Navy. Vince is about to graduate high school. He has applied to the Naval Academy. Vince was accepted and is joining the Navy.
Jacob loved to play with stones. This was because they were very hard. One day, Jacob couldn't find any rocks. Then, Jacob ran for over a mile. Finally, Jacob found a bunch of rocks to play with.
A few years back, my brother went mountain climbing in Utah. He climbed a very tall structure over many hours. When he arrived on top, he realized he had no more water. He had to climb down while being very thirsty. The first thing he did when he reached town was to drink water.
Whitney was nervous. She saw smoke coming from under her car hood. She pulled over and called AAA. They towed it to the dealership. They told her it would cost $5000 to fix!
Kate knew her boyfriend Charlie needed a new warm scarf. She wanted to buy him one for Christmas but she had no money! Then she had a great idea. She knitted Charlie a scarf by hand from some old yarn. Charlie loved his warm new Christmas scarf!
Don decided he would appear smarter if he spoke a lot less. Don started speaking only very rarely or when asked a question. Pretty soon, people began commenting about how smart Don is. One day Don was forced to take an IQ test for school. At that point everyone found out that Don is hardly a genius!
Loni is a great man who is always there for me. He has never turned me away when I needed help. Lonie has never told me he would do something and didn't. He has never asked me to repay him for any favor's. Lonie is my best friend, he is my brother.
Seth wants a new coat from the store. He heads to the store. He has no money to buy it. He decides to try and steal it. He is caught and arrested.
Alberto Farelli ran a successful day trading organization. He made a tremendous sum of money in a short amount of time. One day Berto was approached by some businessmen looking for talent. Berto sat and thought for a long time. He declined, but then took over their business anyway.
We ordered groceries via delivery today. We ordered a gallon of milk. The delivery service brought a half gallon. I called customer service. I was refunded.
Franklin was a very good skier. He had decided to come up and hit the slopes for a weekend. He was flying down all of the hills and trails. Franklin met up with some friends as well and they skied. He had an incredible time that weekend skiing.
Mary found a wounded baby owl outside her window. Mary took the owl inside. Mary fed and cared for the owl for several weeks. The owl regained its strength. Mary was sad but she let the owl fly away free.
Trent's kids had all moved out the house. It was only him and his wife in a three bedroom house. Trent had a lot of paperwork to file. He decided to convert one of the bedrooms. Trent converted one of the kid's old rooms to an office.
I was walking my dog at lunchtime when I passed by a pickup truck. Suddenly, the canopy burst open and five dogs jumped out. The barking dogs surrounded us and I yelled at them. I protected my dog the best I could, and I kicked the others away. I ended up with one dog bite, but at least my dog was okay.
Sally decided to go for a jog yesterday. It was quite cold out but she decided not to take a coat. While she was running she regretted her decision, it was too cold! She had no choice but to turn back home halfway through her run. Sally got home and warmed up with a cup of hot coco.
Lulu loved sneakers. She wanted to get some custom designed. When Lulu went to get some, she loved them. However when she got them, they didn't fit. Lulu was frustrated.
Tom's parents were out of town. He decided to throw a big party to impress a girl. The girl was impressed. Unfortunately his friends trashed his house. Tom's parents grounded him for a month and a half.
We are taught many things about our history in school. Some teachers proclaim we have learned from our mistakes of the past. Others say that we are bound to repeat them over again. There's really no guarantee that we will ever learn. Hopefully our future will show that we have.
Bob wanted to earn more money. He asked a friend who was much wealthier than he was. His friend was helpful, and suggested he change careers. Bob, motivated to become rich, followed the advice. Before long, he was making significantly more money than before.
Anna went to visit her husband in jail. The warden stopped her. He made her remove her shoes and jewelry. Then he let Anna in to see her husband. Anna was so glad to see him, she cried.
Jenny loved everything about her house. The bathtub was her favorite thing. She liked to take a nice hot bath at the end of the day. One night, she turned the faucet on. She walked away and forgot and the bathroom flooded!
Gina was driving back home. Ahead an ambulance turned on. It's lights whirled and the siren wailed. Gina was blocking the hospital driveway. She drove quickly to get out of the way of the ambulance.
Rachel really wanted a snow day. She was tired of having to get up. Thankfully the phone rang. When she answered the phone it was the school. A snow day was rewarded.
I was excited to go snorkeling for the first time. A boat took us out into a calm bay with a reef. I put on the equipment. When I jumped in the water, it was stressful to breathe correctly. Eventually I calmed down and had a great time.
Caleb listened as his friend babbled on about Pokemon. Caleb told him that he was in his 20's now and didn't care about that. The next day, Pokemon Go was released. He was walking to class, when he saw all of his friends in a group. They told him they were playing Pokemon, and Caleb was left in shock.
Anthony moved to the front of the concert. He danced around with the crowd. Somebody elbowed him hard on the mouth. He felt dizzy so he went home. The next day his lip was very fat.
I went to community college for 2 years. I took several classes each semester. One semester I decided to drop out. I wanted to go to a state college instead. When I got there, I found out state college was much harder.
Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will. His mom said it was okay as long as Will's mom approved. Matthew called Will's house to ask. Will's mom explained that Will wasn't home. Matthew spent the rest of the day moping.
Jason saved for months to buy a new car. He bought a snazzy new convertible. He took it for a joy ride right away. He loved the feeling of the wind in his hair. He drove over 100 miles that day, enjoying the new car.
Tom was at his prom. He had been too shy to ask his date to dance. There was only one song left. Tom mustered up the courage to ask. She turned him down.
The couple took a trip to Vegas. They had never been before. All of the lights were amazing! They partied and gambled. It was fun to get away for a bit.
Fred woke up early. He sipped his coffee and stared out the window. After a while he got dressed and went to the store. He bought all his groceries for the week and returned home. Fred spent the rest of his day watching old movies.
When my daughter was 8 months old we put her into a walker. She loved moving in the walker. She followed me around the apartment. One day I stepped onto the porch and she fell down a step. She cried for awhile but recovered quickly.
My wedding ring got stuck on my finger. I tried using butter to slide it off. Pulling on the ring really hurt. I went to the doctor. The doctor cut the ring off.
Tom had a big baseball game coming up. He was excited to play. On the day of the game it started to storm. The game had to be delayed. Tom was upset and trained even harder.
My girlfriend and I were going to the movies. First we had to find where her purse was. We looked all over my apartment. We couldn't find it. Then, my dog came in with the purse in its mouth.
The man bent over. He felt a pain in his back. He sat on the ground. The pain intensified. He screamed for help from the ground.
Daniel was a mechanic. He didn't make much money and lead a humble life. One day, a low-income man needed help on his car. The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return. Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids.
A teacher gave his class a pop quiz on the reading from last night. All of the students did not read the assignment and failed. Because of this quiz the class rioted. They became violent with the teacher. The teacher was scared so he threw out the test.
Brock loves cars. He fixes his friends cars when they have problems. All of his friends agree that he is great with cars. Brock decided to start an auto repair business. Brock now has the best auto repair business in town.
Yesterday, I got into a fight with my best friend. I don't know what happened. We just started yelling at each other. Luckily, we made up. I'll be more careful when I see her today.
John was walking to his house. John saw a garage sale. John checked  out the items. John found a rare item that he could sell for profit. John had made a thousand dollars in profit.
Maggie favorite thing is to have her hair cut and styled. She made an appointment with Ashley who cuts her hair. She arrived early and had to wait 10 minutes before she was called. Ashley asked what she wanted done and then began cutting and styling. The appointment took 1 hour and her hair looked great.
Gloria goes on a singing show. She wows the crowd with her voice. The judges are amazed by her voice. The judges announce Gloria is the winner. Gloria is now a star.
Tim got in a fight at school. Another boy tripped him. Tim shoved him back, and the boy fell. The teacher observed and sent them both to the office. Tim was ashamed and wished he hadn't reacted that way.
Sparky loved computer games. He played on his laptop after bedtime. He was tired all day at school. His teacher called his mom. Sparky's mom now locks his laptop in the car after bedtime.
Avery is going to the zoo for the first time today! When she gets to the zoo, she heads to see the bear first. The bear is nowhere to be found! She finds the bear in the monkey cage where he doesn't belong! She watches as the zookeepers carefully get the bear back to his cage!
Tim was a fan of history. He booked a flight to the Middle East. Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there. A publisher took notice and offered him a book deal. Tim's making a lot of money from writing about what he loves now.
My friend and I remember watching an old show on TV. It was called Zoom. In the show, kids played many different mini-games. My friend and I looked up an old episode on Youtube. It was very amusing.
Lawrence wanted a trench coat for himself. He thought it would make him look like a movie star. One day, Lawrence walked by a local clothing shop. A trench coat in the display window caught his eye. It looked like the perfect fit.
Fred was in his living room when he got a phone call. He answered and heard his grandmother on the line. For some reason though, she couldn't hear him at all. Fred tried everything that he could think of to fix the issue. Unfortunately, it couldn't be solved and he had to text instead.
Jane wanted to create a lovely meditation room in her home. She looked to nature for inspiration with decorating. Jane chose a paint color to match the blooms in her lavender patch. She covered the windows with shades woven from sea grasses. Jane's meditation room became a haven of natural beauty.
Mitchell is close to his father. Mitchell's father suffers a heart attack. After a few days in the hospital he dies. Mitchell organizes the funeral for his father. Mitchell delivers a moving eulogy for his father at the funeral.
Dee is allergic to peaches. One day, her friend unknowingly gave her a peach pie. Dee ate the pie very quickly. She had a terrible allergic reaction. Now she is recovering in the hospital.
Georgina Watson wanted to be an equestrian. Yet, her father would not let her. She cried, pleaded, and screamed at him. But he would not budge. Georgina then got into motorcycles, to her father's dismay.
In 1975, various boat companies went from Boston to tourist locations. I took a boat to Gloucester one day. It left in the morning and got to Gloucester 2 hours later. I had time for lunch and a short walk. The service was later canceled because of lack of business.
Ned was the manager of a very successful bank. He was very proud of his bank and would always lock it up at night. One evening, he neglected to properly close the bank down. A thief was able to sneak in and steal from the bank. Ned arrived at the bank the next morning and was upset at the loss.
Shay loved Anthony and didn't want to divorce him. But Anthony has been drinking and talking down to Shay. Recently he hit her. At work, Shay is constantly sad. Her friend Charles told her to keep her head up.
When I was young, I loved to climb. One day, I saw a big tree. I decided that I would climb it. I spent a long time climbing each branch. I made it to the top but started getting scared, so I stopped.
Crosby was trying out for Volleyball at her school. She was very nervous about it because so many people were competing. I told her she'd probably do fine and not to worry. She practiced a lot leading up to the tryouts. On the day of the tryouts she was very nervous but did her best!
Dan was going on his very first airplane ride to New York. The attendant was nice and helped Dan to get into the right seat. Dan got very nervous when the plane was taking off. The ride was smooth and uneventful. When the plane arrived safely in New York Dan happily disembarked.
Larry and his dad got up early to go fishing. They drove out to the coast with their boat. After loading the boat, the pair took off to go fishing. Only a few minutes into their journey, it became extremely stormy. They fled back to the beach and rushed home, drenched in water.
Charles' father told him it was important to shine his shoes. Charles didn't see why, but he always kept his shoes shined. One afternoon, Charles interviewed for a management position. Charles was hired, but his boss said competition was close. He told Charles he was hired because the boss liked his shined shoes.
Kate was unable to sleep. She was frustrated and sleepy during the day. Her doctor gave her a prescription for a sleep medicine. Kate found that the medicine helped her get a good night of sleep. She felt much more alert and focused during the day.
Paulo realizes he hasn't left the house in days. Ever since he lost his job, Paulo has been much less active. He decides to go for a run around his block. Out on his run, Paulo sees his close friend Johnny. Paulo is glad that he got out of the house.
I was working on an mTurk hit today. I received credit, but got a note detailing grammatical errors. I was mortified, and vowed to be more careful. I installed Grammarly in an effort to be better. I hope this works out.
Zac thought he was the best at every athletic activity. He and his new girlfriend went skiing together. He challenged her to a race down the mountain. He was shocked and angry when she beat him. He didn't know she had been a ski racer when she was a teenager.
Lionel was a young boy with black hair. Lionel was very quick at everything he did. One day a boy passed a soccer ball to Lionel. Lionel took the ball and kicked it back to the boy. Lionel loved soccer from then on.
I was making the bed. My son was helping me. He asked about the tag. I said it could only be removed by the consumer. He asked if that meant.
Tom was at a local book store. He found an old book he liked. He bought it and took it home. Tom noticed it had a weird smell. He discovered a fungus and had to throw it out.
Tom was hungry. But he was really cheap. So he entered Costco and spend hours getting free samples. And he left the store without buying a single thing. He had so much fun, he decided to do it several times a week.
Joe was serving a year in juvenile hall for violence. At Christmas they gave the kids candy canes to try to be festive. But one of Joe's cell mates sharpened his to a point! He stabbed another cell mate with it. Joe was glad he had avoided the senseless violence!
Tom wanted to improve his hygiene. He noticed there was some dirt caught in his nails. He realized he needed to cut his nails. He cut his nails. He improved his hygiene.
Lorrie is a dress designer. She is asked to make a specific dress for a girls prom. Lorrie makes the dress just like the girl wanted. The only problem is the color wasn't right. Lorrie had made a mistake and made the dress the wrong color.
Nadia had had pierced ears since she was little. As a teen though, she got sick of the fashion of earrings. She stopped wearing them for a long time. One day she realized that her piercings had closed up. She felt happy that her ears were back to normal.
For Easter, Jilly uncle gave her a baby chick. Her parents were not happy about it. They built a little coup for it outside. Jilly took great care of her chick who grew big and strong. She lived a happy life for almost ten years!
Kari and other neighborhood residents noticed they were missing things. They realized it wasn't the usual things that they were missing, too. Kari talked it over with them and they set up cameras on their homes. A few nights later she had video evidence of the thieves in action. It was a homeless dog stealing food, and clothing for litter of puppies.
Seven people got stuck in an elevator when the power went out. They tried to reach help with the emergency phone but no one answered. Two men were trying to pry the door open when they heard gunshots. Everyone held their breath in the darkness, listening in fear. After the robbery was stopped by the police, EMS got them out.
On Christmas Eve the nut that held the toilet seat bolt broke. We were expecting company. My wife drove to a hardware store and bought a kit. It took awhile but we were able to replace the nut. We were glad not to be embarrassed by a loose toilet seat.
Alexis had been reading the same book for the longest time. She was so eager to get it done. Finally one day she decided to only read. After hours and hours she completed it. Alexis jumped for joy.
Bevin used to have lots of money. She lost it in a bad financial investment. Luckily, her parents let her move home. While at home she rediscovered her love for math. Now she teaches math at her old high school.
I have and electrical outlet that does not work. I tried to take it apart and fix the problem. The outlet still did not work so I called a professional. The outlet cost me forty dollars to have fixed correctly. I was glad I called in a professional so I did not get hurt.
ALex was an honor roll student with sharp skills and wit. He would win the school's local spelling bee's with ease and grace. No one came close to his high level of astuteness. He became bored with the competition and sought for a challenge. In the end he was never beat and remained the school's smartest pupil.
Chris and his son were making chicken nuggets for lunch. When Chris was putting the tray in the oven, his son questioned him. He wanted to know where nuggets came from, so Chris explained. His son was so disgusted that he didn't want to eat anymore. Chris made his son macaroni and cheese instead.
Kim started to feel sick at work. Her throat was sore and she was running a fever. When she got home she was not feeling any better. She finally went to the doctor. The doctor diagnosed her with the flu.
Todd was grossed out when he looked at his floors. There were ants crawling all over. He went to the store and bought some pesticides. He sprayed it all over his house. All the ants died within a few hours.
The man hung a painting. He stood back to look at it. The painting was crooked. The man used a level to fix it. The painting was not crooked anymore.
JT has just graduated high school. JT wants to do something great with his life. He looks into joining the army. He joins the army. JT makes his father proud serving in the army.
Martin decided to brew his own beer. He bought everything he needed. His first beer was not very good. His friends got sick from it. He was very unhappy.
Liam and his fiancee Valerie were planning their wedding. Valerie was handling most of it, but Liam wanted to plan the dance. He had a special surprise planned for the big day. The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob. Valerie was surprised and delighted with the wonderful performance.
Frank loved designing buildings. He was an architect for a big firm. He designed a huge skyscraper. He was so excited to see it finished. The construction would begin right away.
Phillip is down on his luck. Phillip has only a dollar to his name. He see's a sign for the Powerball drawing. He thought he had nothing else to lose. Phillip bought the winning ticket!
I like to sing in the shower. Yesterday I was belting out a favorite of mine. I heard my roommates tell me to knock it off. I felt discouraged. I don't sing as much or as loudly anymore.
The boss told all of his employees to get together. He discussed several changes to the workforce. In addition, he announced that several people are going to be fired. Throughout the day, I tried to remain calm. However, I saw a notice on my desk that says I'm fired.
Jill is very excited when she hires her best friend. But when her friend does not respect her authority and is very lazy. She has to fire her friend. Her friend is mad that her best friend fired her. But eventually she understands why Jill had to fire her.
Connor arrived at the park for his very first soccer game. He was nervous that he would not do very well and the team would lose. The game got off to a rough start. In the last minute of the game, Connor got the ball and scored! The whole teams cheered for Connor's winning goal!
Jill couldn't afford to buy a dress for the prom. She was a good seamstress so she made one. She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her. But her dress was a huge hit! She actually got orders to make some for the following year.
Wendy lived in a quiet neighborhood. So she acted like nothing bad could ever happened to her. She always left her windows and garage door unlocked. But one day, someone stole a bike out of her garage. Wendy always locked her garage door and windows afterward.
My grandma had a best friend named Diane. Diane was diagnosed with terminal cancer. Grandma promised her that she would be a grandma to Diane's grandkids. A few months later, Diane passed away. My grandma has kept her promise ever since.
Bobby's church was having their annual Easter Egg hunt. He was determined to find the most eggs this year. When the buzzer sounded, he took off for the back of the field. All the other kids were looking close to the starting area. He found 27 eggs today, the most by far of any child!
Jane was getting married. She wanted to get the perfect wedding cake. She made her husband sample several different kinds. It took them weeks to pick one. The day of the wedding it was exactly what Jane wanted.
Dan took an order for a young man who came into the restaurant. Before he left, he thanked Dan and asked him to look at his napkin. Dan searched for the napkin on the table. He found out that there was $100 behind the napkin. Dan was able to fill his car gas and pay a bill with the money.
The coat was old and smelly but he loved it. He could wash it more often but it would get smelly again. He worked at a smelly place so he couldn't help it. In fact, he sort of liked the smell. The smell was like memories to him.
Jared was working as a lifeguard at the beach one day. One of his friends called for his attention, so Jared rushed over. When he got there, he saw an ominous sailboat coming to the shore. Him and his friends swam out to the boat and saw that it was very old. They went back to shore and called their manager for help.
Harry and his basketball team was losing the game. The coach called for a timeout. Harry boosted morale by talking to his team. The team caught up and the game was tied. Harry's team won the game.
Frank wanted to learn to fly. He decided to sign up for piloting classes. He met with his instructor to learn the basics. Frank had to study the basics prior to flying. In passing the basic test, Frank was on his way to flying.
It was Sam's day off from work. He took the day off to go see the baseball game. He drove to the baseball stadium. He waited in his seat for hours. The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours.
Ross was the manager of a restaurant. He treated the workers rudely. The workers began to quit working at the restaurant. After a while, the restaurant was short on workers. The owner of the restaurant realized Ross was a bad manager.
Matthew had a very bad cough. He made an appointment at the doctor's office for later that day. The doctor listened to his heartbeat and lungs. The doctor told Matthew he needed to stop smoking. Matthew threw out his cigarettes and hasn't smoked since.
It was Ken's birthday. He was upset because he thought everyone forgot it. A friend invited him over to hang out. When ken walked in all his friends were there. They threw him a surprise birthday party.
I don't particularly care for hot soup. However, it is my prefer meal for a cold day. The hot soup warms my body quickly. Making the cold bearable. Also a great source of protein to get me through the day.
Jesse hadn't studied for his test. He knew he needed a good grade to pass. Jesse copied off of his friend's test. The teacher never noticed. Jesse passed the test.
Dan tried out for the football team at his school. There were a lot of good players, but he was sure he would make it. He told all his friends he was sure to be chosen for the team. He was devastated to find out he didn't make the team. Dan was embarrassed when his friends asked him about it.
Today bought my daughter a toy car. She was playing with it by the aquarium. The car accidentally fell into the aquarium. The car sunk to the bottom and scared the fish. We left it in the aquarium because it looked neat.
I had a crush when i am in college. One day he sat beside me. We began to talk to each other and became friends. Since then, we often go out together. Until he proposed to me and we became couples.
Lorraine has just hosted a terrific party. She feels tired, but realizes that she needs to wash dishes. She begins by cleaning plates, and then continues by cleaning glasses. Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes. She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day.
Horatio has always loved vodka martinis. While all of his friends drink gin martinis, Horatio preferred vodka. Finally one of his friends convinces Horatio to try a gin martini. Horatio loves the gin martini. Now Horatio joins his friends in ordering gin martinis.
Ivan was coming down with a cough. The cough quickly got worse and Ivan was fatigued. Ivan was taking his medicine but things were getting worse. He went to get a checkup and was told he had mono. Ivan wa prescribed antibiotics and felt better soon after.
I ate a lot during my teen years. My mom made a pot of stew beef and rice. I had dinner at the table with the family. I had a second helping later that night. After the second helping, i was too full to sleep.
Dan lost his job suddenly. He signed up for unemployment. A recruiter helped him find a new job. He moved to a new city for the job. His girlfriend moved in with him.
Jimmy and his long time partner owned a hot dog shop together They started getting into disputes over running the business They decided to sell the place It went up for auction and they each ended up bidding for it Jimmy's partner won the auction from Jimmy for 300K
The young family with middle school kids went to the Gulf for vacation. The water was warm and shallow. They walked a half mile from shore and it was waist deep. Then two of them were stung by jellyfish. They screamed and laughed as they tried to run to dry land.
Amber and Elizabeth were best friends. One day, the two girls decided they wanted to go to the beach. They packed up their towels and put on their swimsuits. After a quick drive, they were at the ocean. The girls had a lovely time playing in the waves.
I was outside relaxing in my backyard. I began to sneeze a lot. I was sneezing due to the flowers blooming in my backyard. Fortunately, I knew a way to get rid of the flowers. I sold them all to the flower store.
Tom invited lots of people over. He wanted to throw a party for his wife. Everyone showed up and brought gifts. His wife never showed up! SHe had gotten a flat tire on her way home from work.
When Jimmy was little he always wondered where the train tracks went. One day he started out on a quest to find his answer. He walked for around an hour down the tracks. They seemed to go on for ever and he decided to head back home. Jimmy is know convinced the train tracks go clear around the world.
The kids made lunch for themselves. They thought they'd done a great job! The girl left the food out on the counter so she could show her mom. The dog ran over and gobbled it all up. The girl was so mad!
Tom wanted to improve his health. He read about many strategies online. He decided that quitting sugar would be the most beneficial. Tom saw every aspect of his health improve after quitting sugar. Tom was very happy with his decision and lifestyle.
I bought the movie Breathless for my 19 year old niece. Her boyfriend broke up with her over winter break. She is at home, very sad and depressed. She likes French culture. I sent her this movie to try to cheer her up.
Sally has a big exam on Friday. Her final grade is dependent on this test. She was so nervous that she pull an all-nighter. When she got to class and was given the test, Sally relaxed. She was completely prepared and made a 100.
The family was driving to a restaurant for dinner However, the two boys in the back seat were bickering. The Dad told them to be quiet if they didn't want to go home. The two boys kept arguing. Dad turned the car around and headed home.
My team was called to work on an electrical box at a job site. Upon arriving, we noticed a tree had fallen onto the box. My co-worker suggested we pull it off with his truck. He improperly attached the straps to his bumper. I laughed while his bumper ripped off as he tried to pull the tree.
Tim was playing in the snow. He made a big snowball. He threw it at Lisa. Lisa began to cry. Tim apologized and played nice for the rest of the day.
He said it was okay. She thought he might be wrong, but did it anyway. He was wrong, so she failed. Her score went down and she lost money. He just laughed about it.
Heather wants a new piano. She doesn't have the money. She decides to sell some stuff. She sells her most prized possession. She buys a piano with the money she earned.
I was walking my dog one afternoon. While walking on the sidewalk, I noticed something in the grass. I walked over to the object to see what it was. I noticed that it was twenty dollars and became excited. I picked up the money and put it in my wallet.
Patricia loved puns. Her friends moaned in disdain whenever she made a new pun. However, her father loved and encouraged her behavior. For father's day, Patricia made her dad a card. It had a hand-drawn owl and the words "Owl always love you!"
Jonah was eating lunch in his dining room. Suddenly he noticed a gigantic fly buzzing around. He chased the fly around trying to swat it to no avail. Finally he managed to corner the fly in his pantry. With a quick smack, he killed the fly.
Richard has always considered himself very funny. He decides to try being a standup comedian at a local club. He practices his jokes for his friends for weeks. Finally he tries standup comedy at the club but no one laughs. Richard decides not to try it again.
Kate's brother spilled soda on her sketch. He hadn't meant to spill it. So he was only made to apologize. Even though her brother apologized, Kate was still upset. She was forced to start her drawing from the very beginning.
Ronald dropped his toothbrush into the toilet. He promptly threw it away and searched underneath the sink. Viola,he found his old toothbrush. He began to brush his teeth, when suddenly his wife came in. She screamed and informed him that she used that to clean toilets.
We lived in Chinatown from 1955 to 1968. We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street. One day my brother and I were climbing a structure. We both fell and hurt ourselves. We were better in a few weeks.
Bethany was talking to a friend while she got ready for the day. She usually gets ready alone and found her friend to be distracting. She began to straighten her hair with her straightening iron. Her friend was talking so much that she forgot to stop straightening. After leaving the iron on her hair too long, it melted her hair off.
Determined to drink more water, I carried a water bottle everywhere. One thing that I have omitted is making the sure the bottle is closed. One time, I put the bottle of water in my bag with the cap off. I soon discovered the water had soaked my books completely. Fortunately, my books were still readable after that event.
My friend could talk exactly like pee wee herman. We talked like him for fun after school. Sometimes we went to his house to watch the show. We would make popcorn and sit on the floor. We laughed and had a lot of fun.
Last year I planted 10 trees along the back of my yard. Five of them died that summer. I replaced them with new trees from the same store. Those same five died again this spring. I went to a real nursery to buy the replacement trees this time.
Mike booked a cruise to surprise his wife for their anniversary. Soon after booking he found out a good friend was also going. During the anniversary dinner, mike surprised his wife. Both mike and his wife are excited because it's getting close. They are packing their bags since the cruise is in three days.
Carol wanted an adventure. She decided to go bungee jumping. It was scary and exciting. When the day came she almost chickened out. Carol went through with it and loved it.
Rachel got her license when she turned 16. She didn't take driving seriously and would text and drive. One day, she was sending a text and ran a stop light. Rachel was ejected from her car after hitting another vehicle. Rachel lost a leg as a result and never texted while driving again.
John went shopping. He bought milk, bread and some snacks for the evening. When he got to the cashier he found he has not enough money. He payed by his credit card. Everything was played in the end.
I needed a new car. My current car had been totaled. I went shopping at many places. I found a cute little thunderbird. I fell in love, and bought it immediately.
Suzanna grew up watching her grandma make jelly from scratch. The jelly was delicious, and the process of making it fascinating! When she moved into her own home, she headed right for the kitchen. But the jelly wouldn't set properly, and just didn't taste as good. She ruefully acknowledged she was no Gram when it came to jelly.
Jeb wanted to be class president. he passed flyers around school. He told his friends to go vote. The election was held on a rainy day. Jeb won by a landslide.
Will had been thinking about upgrading his computer. So when he got his paycheck, he spent all of it on computer parts. But after he finished upgrading his computer, he felt sad. And he thought about all of the other things he could have bought. Will decided to save his money on his next pay day.
I looked everywhere for taco meat. I couldn't understand why the store didn't have it. I finally bought ground beef and a packet of seasoning. On my way out I saw a display. It had a bunch of taco meat on it.
The cheer team showed up to the competition. They knew the competition would be fierce. They practiced their routine a few more times. They were ready! When they took the stage, they knew they were going to do great.
Benny was the pitcher on his baseball team. He hadn't gone to all the practices the week before the game. The other team had a lot of hits off of Benny. The coach took Benny out of the game. Benny learned that he needed to practice more.
Dave wanted to become a cop. He went to the police station and filled out an application. He then took many cop training classes. When it was time for the test, he passed with flying colors. He had the job of his dreams and ended up very happy.
Ted was invited to go camping during the weekend. He was nervous but excited about it. He went and bought all the necessary supplies. Ted and his friends chose a lake spot. The trip was a success for Ted and his buddies.
Bryan's friends joked he had two left feet. When they went to a party everyone was expected to do a line dance. Bryan gave it a try though he expected to be hopeless. After one time around, he was shocked he got the moves. He finally found a type of dancing he was good at!
Charlie was unemployed though she was a good worker. Charlie needed to seek work quickly to keep up with paying bills. Charlie looked in the classified ads for a job and found one. Charlie went to company headquarters and applied in person. Charlie arrived at the interview prepared and was given a job offer.
John was a student at an elementary school. John found out about an upcoming field trip. John and his classmates went to a ranch. They all rode horses and had a great time. John later bought a farm and a horse as an adult.
Lou thought it was ridiculous his kids were searching for Pokemon. Finally he thought he'd give it a try to see what the fuss was about. After he caught his first creature he was hooked! He ended up spending the next weekend out hunting with his kids. They called it Pokemon Bonding.
Jessica was trying to chat with her boyfriend on the phone. She could tell her little sister was spying through the door. Quietly, she got up and walked to the door. Then, she quickly opened it and kicked her sister. The two had a huge fight then, but luckily mom took Jessica's side.
My mom was cleaning out the table. Since she thought that my homework was trash, she threw it away. Several minutes later, the trash was picked up by the garbageman. After spending 20-30 minutes looking for it, I asked my mom. When she told me that she threw it away, I became mad.
When I got Finley he was a little puppy. Finley started to grow and got big enough to hop into my chair. I would let Finley sit with me as long as he wanted. One day I started to notice how big Finley had gotten. I took him to the scales to discover he was a sixty pound lap dog!
Bonnie was finishing up her first day of school. Her teachers had given her lists of supplies. Bonnie's mother gave her some money. Bonnie bought the supplies at the store. She went to school the next day prepared.
In my boyhood I was bad at most sports. One day in gym class we played volleyball. For some reason everything in this sport worked for me. I could serve perfect aces, and I always hit the ball squarely. After class I learned this sport was only for girls in high school.
Chelsea loved surfing. One day she fell off of her surfboard while surfing. A huge wave was coming upon her. She climbed back onto her board quickly. She floated safely above the wave.
Doug felt he was too selfish, and wanted to give back to the world. He researched many different charities and public services. After the research, he decided to work at a food pantry. Doug worked 6 hours and met tons of friendly, grateful people. Doug found that helping others for free is very gratifying.
Bob was walking down the sidewalk. A car suddenly jumped the curb. Bob ran behind a tree. The car hit the tree and stopped before hitting Bob. Bob felt lucky he reacted by running behind the tree.
Jean had been in a fight with her boyfriend. Since then she hadn't heard from him at all. She tried calling but he refused to answer. Finally she decided to give up and let him be. Luckily this aggravated him and he apologized.
I wanted to bake a cake. I drove to the store for some eggs. On the way home, I had to slam on the brakes. Several of the eggs broke. It made a huge mess.
Tom moved into a new apartment. He liked that it had a pool on the top floor. He loved that it was a salt water pool. He swam laps there daily. He quickly became an adept swimmer.
Gina forgot she had broken her windshield wiper blades. She hadn't needed to used them for 2 weeks. Now she turned them on and saw the crack in the plastic. She was in a hurry so she had to just use the broken blades. Halfway to her destination a part of the blade broke and flew off.
Leroy was a boy but always felt like a girl. He had been very confused his whole life. His friends urged him to become a transsexual. He decided instead to seek gender dysphoria counseling. This was much easier for him, than to become transsexual.
The mail was delivered to Hal's house at noon. Hal searched for his shoes to go outside to get it. He only found his left shoe. Hap hopped on one foot to the mailbox. He rested for a while and hopped on his left foot back.
I had a stroke in 2011. The stroke limited my ability to walk. My wife works all day and is busy at night with chores. I tried to help out today by doing the laundry. It took awhile, but I did the laundry and reduced my wife's workload.
Ellie was jogging with Joey in the park. Joey tripped and fell. Ellie tried carrying Joey to her car but he was too heavy. Fortunately, Cody saw Ellie trying to carry Joey from far away. Cody assisted Ellie on carrying Joey to her car.
Juan was having a terrible day at work. Customers were complaining about the lack of open registers. But there was nothing he could do about it. During break time, Juan yelled at his boss. He was immediately fired.
I wanted a new haircut. So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual. I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short. I know that I would love the new style when I got used to it though. Now, I never panic because trying new hair styles is fun!
Casey decided he wanted to throw a big party. He put together a guest list and sent out invitations. He hired a deejay and they picked out some music choices. The day before the party, Casey bought a ton of food and drinks. The shindig was a terrific success and Casey had a great time.
Ray needed a lot of money so he went to the casino. He began to bet big on every game he went to. He kept losing until he started to play craps. Everyone won a lot of money when he threw the dice. Ray left the casino with and extra $6000.
Joe found a 8mm camera in his grandpa's basement. Joe always loved films. He decided he wanted to make a film with the camera. He wrote a little script and gathered his family to make a movie. They showed their friends after the movie was done.
The Thompson's went camping every summer. This year was no exception even though it had been drier than normal. After a three hour drive, they made camp and settled in. The wind started to pick up as they were starting the campfire. Flames raced around them as they ran to their car to drive to safety.
Neil was on a Nile cruise. He boarded at Luxor and they set off South. Neil saw amazing sights along the way. He had not known Egypt's history was so rich! He was pleased with the river cruise.
Anna was walking home one day. She was texting her mom as she walked. Suddenly a car almost hit her, as she was not paying attention! Anna was terrified! She vowed never to text and walk again!
Hao grew up in China, where money was always very tight. Then, when He was 11, his family moved to America. There, Hao was shocked to see kids throw away entire lunches! He told them about the hunger and poverty in China. After that, fewer kids discarded their meals.
Liza was about to turn 4. She was having a special birthday party. She wanted to look pretty so her mom took her to pick out a dress. They bought sparkly pink dress with a white fur collar. She even got sparkly shoes to match!
Billy fouled a player. The player took the foul line. He got ready to shoot. He shot the ball and missed! Billy got the rebound!
Kate got a new piercing at the mall. She put a ring in her nostril. Within days it was badly infected. Kate had to remove the piercing. It took weeks for it to properly heal.
Rosa set a goal to get a good grade on her test. She studied every day and asked her teacher questions. On the day of the test, Rosa overslept and nearly missed school. She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test. In the end, she got a good grade and achieved her goal!
I told Elena to avoid touching the pot. She was shaking her head and walked toward the pot. As soon as she grabbed it, the pot splashed water on top of her head. She was crying because the hot water gave her a headache. I placed a bag of ice on her head in order to cool it down.
Yan was working as a waiter at a swanky restaurant. Someone complained about the meal. They were extremely rude and disrespectful. Yan had it and told them what he thought of them and where to go. Yan was fired, but glad that he stood up for himself.
My dad has always been into running. When he first met my mom, she was not a runner like him. He tried to get her into running. My mom did not want to run, but she did it anyways. She started to like running because of my dad.
Kaylie was browsing the internet. She was on a forum when she saw a video clip. In the clip, a mom was being very mean to her kids. Kaylie was shocked and horrified over the video. It took her days to get over it.
Joe was taking an online English class. And he needed to practice writing. But he always got distracted while at his computer. And by the end of the day, he barely practiced at all. Joe was regretful when he realized he had to drop the class.
Joyce was eating Indian food. But she was getting bored of its mild spice. She asked for another dish that spicier. And Joyce eagerly awaited it. Unfortunately, she couldn't finish it without gulping tons of water.
Jenny was excited to get her long hair cut but the stylist seemed odd. Showing him a photo of the style, she hoped he couldn't go wrong. To her horror, the first cut was by her ear, not her shoulder! Pulling off the cape, Jenny grabbed her things and ran from the salon. In tears, she was glad she'd saved most of her hair from a scalping.
Angel loved playing outside. She pretended to make mud pies in the backyard. When they were all dry, she would pretend to slice them. She served them to her dolls. It was a fun pretend tea party.
Angie was self-conscious about her looks, especially her nose. When she got ready for a party, she tried to hide her flaws. At the party, a handsome guy and his friends came over to her. Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous. The guy turned to his pals and said she looked like Barbra Streisand.
Kent was angry. His friends all went to the Taylor Swift concert without him! He decided to send them a text and tell them how he felt. He texted a horrible message to all of them. They texted back that they had invited him and he had never responded.
My neighbor walked out her front door. She noticed a little bird on the ground beside a tree. She walked over to see if it was all right. Suddenly the mother bird flew down at her, chirping loudly. That little bird was a fledgling just learning how to fly.
Bertha lost her last friend when she was eighty years old. As she didn't have kids, she was alone in the world. Strangers sometimes came to talk to her. But she didn't listen anymore. She was ready to go and eventually died too.
Ted wanted to take a risk He decided to bet all of his money on a horse race The night of the race came Ted was sweating bullets Ted lost the bet and all of his money
I wanted to travel on a train, since I had never done it before. I researched and planned a trip to a nearby city. On the day of the trip, I boarded excitedly. The ride was fun and enjoyable. My trip was good, and I got to experience something new.
The man passed the ball. His receiver caught it. The receiver scored a touchdown. The man ran to the end zone. The man and his receiver celebrated in the end zone.
Ed was driving home from work. He wasn't paying much attention so he might have been speeding. All of a sudden a police officer pulled him over. The office told him a tail light was burned out. Ed was very happy he just got a warning.
Carl met the girl he had a crush on in the woods. They found a hollowed out tree stump and squeezed in. Fearfully, trembling, they kissed for the first time. That kiss led to dating and marriage. Carl and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly.
My friends and I had bonfire while camping out one night. I began to tell them the story of the Silver Ghost. As I told it, several of my friends began to look nervous. The story has scared them greatly. I was the only one to sleep easily that night.
I was staying at my Grampa's house in Texas. We heard a news alert that there was a tornado in our area. Grampa and I went in the hallway to take cover. We heard the tornado tearing everything up outside. When tornado finally passed we looked outside to see all the damage/
Danny was on a trip with his family. They had just arrived at a hotel for the night. Danny wanted to put his pajamas on but he couldn't find his bag. They realized that his bag hadn't made it into the car. Danny's mom had to go buy him some clothes for the trip.
Mary had to give an important presentation at work. She had prepared all week for this presentation. She loaded up her PowerPoint on her laptop. The file was corrupted. She was able to retrieve another file from a backup on her email.
Jimmy took his dog for a walk. While walking they stopped by the park. Jimmy and his dog played in the park. It began raining so Jimmy and his dog walked back home. Jimmy and his dog got home but they were all wet.
Jenny saved her money for a trip to Disney world. She had finally saved enough for a plane ticket to get there. She took a taxi to her hotel after arriving on the plane. Jenny left her hotel early and spent all day at Disney world each day. She had so much fun she decided to go every year!
Dan wanted to go with his friend to a concert. Dan didn't have enough money to pay for the ticket. He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood. Dan was able to save money. Dan paid for the concert ticket with a sense of pride.
Liz had four kids, and they were all driving her crazy! She decided to take them all to the ice cream shoppe. They laughed and shouted, and dribbled ice cream everywhere. Liz bundled them into the car and counted heads. She realized she had almost left her youngest behind!
Eric was planning to go solo hiking today. He packed snacks and a lot of water the night before. In the morning he headed out very early because the drive was long. He gets there and there was already a ton of people. He ends up meeting a friend there and they hike together.
A frog jumped into the road. The bicyclist almost hit it. The bicyclist stopped. He picked up the frog. He kept the frog as his pet.
Yesterday I was feeling rather lazy. It was the weekend and I decided to stay in. I crawled into bed and turned on Netflix. I decided to watch gossip girl. I watched for hours to occupy myself.
Adrian woke up one morning and noticed his kitchen was smelling foul. He emptied his entire fridge but the smell was still there. Adrian checked under the couch and found a piece of moldy cheese. He threw the cheese away and the smell disappeared instantly. Adrian was happy that the smell was gone.
Belle was being mocked by the boys in class. She started to cry. Suddenly the boys stopped teasing her. They tried to comfort her and console her. They explained that they had been only joking!
The panthers were down 10 points in 1 minute. Nobody believed they could come back, it was impossible. Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds. People were on the edge of their seats. The panthers then took the lead with one second left!
Tom was at his middle school dance. He got a cute girl to dance with him. Tom was trying to get close to her. A chaperone noticed and separated them. That only made Tom want to get even closer.
Dakota loved winter. He especially loved the cold weather and snow. Dakota went sledding and made snowmen. He broke both legs when sledding down an icy hill. Dakota missed the outdoors while he was hospitalized until spring.
Samantha was at a diner. She was quietly drawing a picture while she ate fries. By the end of it, she was really proud of her artwork. She decided to hang it up on the wall. To her delight, the picture was still up when she came back later.
Amber loved to watch TV. She never felt like she had enough time. She decided she was spending too much time online. She stopped going on the computer. Now she can watch all the TV she wants!
Bonnie begged her dad to take her fishing with him. When they got there, she started to put the line into the water. Her dad laughed, saying she had to put a worm on it first. There was no way she was touching a worm! Fortunately her did baited her hook for her.
I was watching tv at home. The kids were playing football in the house. I told them to stop playing in the house, but they wouldn't listen. They threw the football at the tv and broke it. I grounded them for a month.
The man practiced his Spanish. A Mexican woman heard him. She offered to help. The man accepted. They developed a romantic relationship.
I let my brother borrow my shirt. It was my favorite shirt. My brother came back with the shirt and it was destroyed. My brother apologized about the shirt. I accepted his apology but I was still angry.
It was Lane's first day in ballet. He had spent ages begging his parents to let him learn dance. Lane paid close attention and learned the first few positions. Lane had a great time. Lane's parents were gratified to see him enjoying himself.
Maddy expected her parents to throw her a surprise birthday party. She just knew the errand to the store was a diversion. She was disappointed that there was no surprise when she returned. Sadly, Maddy thought her parents forgot about her sweet sixteen. The surprise came when they presented her with keys to a new car!
The kid picked out a pumpkin. He took it home to carve it. He made it look like a ghost. He put it on the front porch. He was ready for Halloween!
Rachel woke up one morning with a toothache. She went to the bathroom to look at her teeth. Nothing looked wrong with her teeth, but they still hurt. So, Rachel decided to schedule a dentist appointment. Rachel called the dentist and set up an appointment.
Jane got flowers by her boyfriend. She really appreciated the gift. She kept them up longer than necessary. They died but she didn't want to throw them out. She saved some flower petals.
Misty loved to sing. She also liked Billy. She wrote a song about Billy. Now Misty and Billy date. They are even going to have a child soon!
Rico was a womanizer. He had 10 girlfriends. One day, the girlfriends discovered each other's existence. They ambushed Rico and tied him up. Then they had a massive orgy and Rico had to watch.
The woman hushed the man. The man looked surprised. She explained why she had done that. He nodded his head. She told him that he could talk again.
Josh had just arrived at Gina's school. And he was instantly cool. He had the coolest clothes and haircut. Everyone instantly accepted him as one of the cool kids. It didn't hurt that all the girls thought he was cute.
Ted watched the weather eagerly. A big storm was coming in from the ocean. He happily drove his car to the beach. Once there he took his surfboard from the roof. Ted knew it was going to be a great surfing day.
Arianna really got into her work out. She rode her bike for virtual miles and miles. When she got up, she couldn't walk straight. She rubbed some icy hot on her aching, sore legs. It made Arianna feel a little better.
Hitler has invaded several countries and this scares England. England asked America for help. America was at war herself, but agreed. England and America decided to work together in Europe first. Then they teamed up to win America's war too.
Rob's grandfather passed away. Rob's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters. Rob found three quarters from the early 1900's. He took the quarters to a coin store. The coin store gave him $60 for the coins.
Gina sat in the school library alone. She was able to relax for the first time that day. There was no tension when her old friends weren't around. She knew she only had an hour. But it made all the difference in the world.
Zach asked Nate if he would get him a glass of water. Zach said sure and went to the kitchen. Instead of water Zach filled the glass with vodka. Zach then returned the beverage to Nate. Nate took a big gulp and began choking on the vodka.
Sara had never driven before but really wanted her license. When she turned sixteen she went to get her permit. On her first drive a car crashed into her car. It wasn't her fault but it still scared her. As a result she never wanted to drive again.
Olivia was reading reviews for her favorite music album. But she felt sad about all of the low ratings it was given. She also began to feel insecure about her taste in music. And she looked for music albums with higher ratings. Afterwards, she felt proud knowing she listened to highly rated music.
Ken has always had weird ideas. His parents thought his ideas could hurt people. One day the find his journal and read it. They read that he is planning an attack on innocent people. They call the police and have him taken away.
The lights went out in Tim's house. It would be hours before it was fixed. Tim tried to use a flashlight but the batteries were dead. He took some batteries out of a remote and used those. After the lights went back on he returned them.
Barry had dirty clothes he needed to clean. He grabbed his laundry. He went out to his car. He drove to the laundromat. He clothes were nice and clean!
Ken was a pacifist. He always tried to keep the peace between his friends. Today was different though, because someone hit his girlfriend. When Ken saw his girlfriend get hit, he exploded. He punched the person, and Ken learned that sometimes fighting is ok.
Tracy was scheduled for work. He slept in too long. Tracy rushed to his car. He drove to work. He was late for work.
Ella's mom bought her a phone for her sixteenth birthday. But Ella ended up breaking it in a few months! Luckily, her mom replaced the phone for her. In a few weeks, Ella stepped on the new phone. This time, her mom refused to pay for the replacement!
All of the girls loved listening to music. They especially loved music by their favorite pop star. They would dance around and pretend to be like her. They played her songs over and over again. They wanted to be just like her when they grew up!
Aaron worked in a butcher shop. He was a supervisor. Aaron was in charge of teaching the employees how to work safely. One of Aaron's employees nicked his finger on a blade. Aaron was reprimanded for not instructing the employee correctly.
Paul was tired of cleaning his house to sell it. He was frustrated and very sweaty. The stove in particular was just giving him the worst time. Paul decided to douse it with lighter fluid and clean it that way. When his house burnt down, he didn't have to clean anything else.
Allie was getting married in a few days. She was excited. But she needed a spa day. So she scheduled a long day. As she got treatments, her problems melted away.
Tom was at a football game. During half time they were shooting out free t-shirts. One went toward Tom's section. He fought everyone around for it. Tom was able to get it.
Ted decided to run for class president. First, he began collecting student signatures to get on the ballot. Next, he made campaign posters to hang up around school. Finally, Ted drafted a speech to give on election day. On election day, Ted was not elected because people liked Bob better.
Bob missed the curve on the road. His car went straight into a ditch! Bob revved his engine really hard. His car lunged forward back on to the road. Bob drove the rest of the way home more cautiously.
Marissa had been wanting to dye her hair. Her mom wouldn't let her for a long time. Finally her mom agreed that she could do it for her birthday. Marissa chose the color she wanted. Then, they bought the dye and did it.
Leeroy stole Maddie's pencil when she wasn't looking. When Maddie returned, he told her he didn't know where it was. Maddie looked around everywhere for it. Leeroy felt terrible for denying having taken it. When Maddie wasn't looking, Leeroy put it back.
Brad and Allison need to purchase a new car. Together they made a list of things the car must provide. When they went to the dealership they brought their list. Together they searched various vehicles that met their requirements. After three cars, they found one that they loved and purchased it.
Last week I was driving my son to school in the morning. I was preoccupied. I drove in the school parking lot and kept going. I left school without dropping my son off. He was happy about that until I turned around and brought him back.
Romeo thought he was the fastest kid at school. Romeo challenged his friend to a race on the track. Both of the racers lined up and prepared to take off! However, Romeo's foot slipped and he ended up tripping himself! He skinned his knee badly and was taken away to the nurse.
The vacation had been planned for over a year. A civil uprising occurred while they were en route. They had to change their plans at the last minute. The tour company worked with them to plan a new trip. They ended up in a country they knew nothing about.
When Ace was young, he wanted to be in the military. At some point he became very good at playing guitar as well. His uncle convinced him that he should be a rock star instead. Aside from that kind of advice, he got no real support to that end. In the end, Ace became neither a rock star nor a soldier.
Lisa needed money to buy baby clothes. She had a lot of extra jewelry that she didn't use. She posted the items online for sale. People were purchasing the items quickly. Lisa had enough money to purchase her baby a full wardrobe.
Clarence had never been to a drive in theater before. There was only one left in his whole state. He decided to go and check it out. He pulled up in his car and began watching the movie. Clarence had a great time at the drive in.
Mary didn't like her job anymore. She decided that the work was too hard. Mary stopped going to work. Mary's boss called her in and fired her. Mary misses her old job now.
I went to a coffee shop to buy something to drink. As i leave the shop i noticed a child outside with her mom. They were freezing so i decided to buy hot coffee for them and a cake. Her mother were in tears while saying thanks to me. For me is was just a small thing but for them it means so much.
Derek always eats at his desk. His boss always tells him not to. One day Derek spilled spaghetti. He got sauce all over his keyboard. The keyboard had to be replaced.
Tom was working late one night. By the time he got home his wife was asleep. There was nothing to eat. Tom decided to go back out and get some fast food. Tom had to eat his late dinner as quietly as possible.
Jared was politing a large jumbo jet one day. All of a sudden, Jared's plane began to be unresponsive. Jared panicked and tried to radio for help but the radio didn't work. The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers. Suddenly, the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God.
Three burglars returned from a successful jewelry heist. In their hideout, they tried to divide the loot. They couldn't agree on the value of a particular necklace. To solve the dispute, they took it to be assessed. The assessor recognized it and turned them in.
I heard my mom yelling at my siblings and I to go downstairs. My sisters went downstairs first, but my mom made them wait for me. My mom gave us a Christmas bag decorated with ribbons. We then pulled what we thought was a stuffed animal. We then realized it was a real little chihuahua puppy.
Noah was excited and nervous to use his new sled. He climbed to the top of the steepest hill in the neighborhood. Noah bravely leaned forward on his sled. His heart raced as he flew down the snowy hill. It was a proud moment when Noah conquered his fear of the steep hill.
The friends went out. They had some drinks. An announcement was made. There was going to be karaoke. The friends decided to stay for that.
Franco took his son to his first fencing lesson. His son was a natural and learned quickly. His teacher suggested he enter the tournament. Franco signed his son up and they prepared for the challenge. His son was able to win the entire thing and bring home the trophy.
Randy had 5 kids. He lived with only 2 of his kids. The other three were old enough to be on their own. Randy did not like his younger two kids and he left them. The boys were forced to live with their older brother.
Miles wanted to join the varsity swim team-he was a great swimmer. Trouble was, he was embarrassed by his bony body and small muscles. But then he reasoned that swimming would make him stronger! Steeling his nerves, he tried out for the team. And when he found he'd made the cut, he cheered with joy!
Sara wanted to plant some flowers. She lined up some pots of soil. Then, she put some seeds inside. She watered the soil and put the pots outside. Soon, the flowers began to grow.
Maria was too skinny for her own good. She tried to eat but she never gained weight. She started running to gain more muscular mass. It worked enough to give her body a different shape. And she was satisfied to not be skinny anymore.
Charles always wanted to be one of the boys with a motorcycle. At the age of forty-three he bought a used motorcycle. While sitting at home drinking alcohol, he had an urge to ride. Riding his motorcycle, he stared at a girl and crashed into a car. He was hospitalized and then arrested for a DUI.
Ida was American but of Indian descent. As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family. Ida met extended family members and saw the sights. She had a fantastic time visiting her native land. She couldn't wait to return and visit again!
I like to eat a lot of popcorn. However, popcorn always get stuck inside my teeth. I end up flossing my teeth for hours. This is very annoying and time consuming. But it is worth it because popcorn taste very good.
Jack had been an only child for six years. Suddenly his parents decided to have another baby. He was not ready. They announced he would be a big brother. Jack found out he was having a sister and was not happy.
Shana had just learned that she needed glasses. She always thought that her vision was fine. She got a pair of glasses and put them on. Suddenly, she saw everything so perfectly clearly. She was amazed as she had never seen that well before.
Bob saw a nice coat at a thrift store that he wanted to buy. He brought it up to the cashier. The cashier could not find a price tag on it. He told Bob that without a tag he could not sell it. Bob was upset and threw the coat at the cashier.
I was walking with my foreign language exchange partner. We exchanged a few words. She made a small grammar mistake in her speech. I politely corrected her. She felt offended and left my house.
My dog, Bella, tends to have issues with her ears. It seems like she always has a bad ear infection or has just had one. Sure enough, her ears are starting to bother her again. So this week we will make yet another trip to the vet! The ear infection we recently got rid of has returned yet again.
Martin worked at a law firm for regular wages. He always put effort into his work. He never showed up late to work either. Martin decided to ask his boss for a pay raise. His boss gladly agreed and gave Martin his well deserved raise.
Tom was on a school field trip to the pool. When it was time to go home he found his clothes all wet. With no choice, he put the wet clothes on. During the bus ride home he was so uncomfortable. Luckily he got home shortly and changed.
Fred went to a seafood restaurant. When he got there he ordered gumbo. It looked delicious, He wasn't sure if it would be good. But he loved it.
Lars was an atheist. He had a lot of friends who were religious despite this. Once, he got into a deep discussion about religion with friends. After several hours of discussion, Lars had lost a few friends. He learned to never discuss religion with friends again.
One day at work, Ben had to take some garbage out. As he opened the dumpster he saw a man in it. The man was digging for food. Ben felt terrible for him! From then on, he brought out food for the homeless man.
Sam was looking for socks online. He found a pair with no reviews. Since it was so cheap he decided to risk the quality. To his disappointment, the socks were poor quality. He left a bad review for the socks online.
Joe had a itch on his back. So Joe tried to scratch it but could not reach it. So he called Andrew to scratch his back. Andrew began to scratch Joe's back. Joe felt better.
Kate had a final exam in biology. She was tired of studying. She finally decided she was ready. When she got to class, her teacher passed out the exams. Kate took her test and aced it.
Maria had been down about Christmas. She wasn't going to be able to buy her kids anything. Some people found out about her situation and made a plan. They bought the kids toys and provided a meal. Maria was so happy that a secret Santa provided for them.
I had gotten a stink bomb from my cousin. My plan was to set it off in math class. When nobody sat in the desk I rigged up I got impatient. I went to talk to my friend as a way to hide breaking the vial. Within ten minutes we had to evacuate the class.
I bought a bike in 1999. I used it to commute to work. One day I locked the bike up in front of my building. When I got off work I discovered the bike had been stolen. I had to buy another bike and a better lock.
Tom was on his way to work. He had to get there quickly. But he was stuck in traffic. It was taking forever. Finally he had enough.
I was walking along and playing Pokemon Go on my phone. Then I saw several people run towards a field. I followed them, thinking that it was a Poke Stop. It turned out to be a car accident in which someone had died. Uninterested in the accident, I resumed playing Pokemon Go.
Kelly hurried home from school. She checked the mailbox, but it was too late. Her parents had already retrieved her report card and opened it. They sat Kelly down and said how disappointed they were. They they grounded Kelly for three weeks!
My 99 year old friend Ben is losing his memory. He cannot remember what he did last night. Everyday he asks me if I have children, and I tell him. Yesterday he asked him how my two kids were doing. I was surprised, and pleased.
Leslie wanted to be a writer, she wanted to go and experience to life. She enrolled in a MFA program and moved to New York City. She hung out with other writers, and got to know the city well. At the end of the two years, Leslie owed a lot of student loan money. She had to quit writing for a steady 9-5 job.
Bob was feeding his kitten. He started to pet his kitten on its head. His kitten bit him on the thumb. Bob's thumb started to bleed. Bob patched his injury with a bandage afterwards.
Kay was going to take her driving exam for her license. Her dad was taking her at 6 am the next morning. All night he went on and on telling her she would fail the test. Her dad told her everyone he knew failed the first time. Kay told him he was wrong and was confident she would pass.
The couple took a romantic trip to Ireland. They saw some amazing castles on cliffs. They toured the most historic castles that were open. The took photos in each place to remember it. The castles would hold a special place in their hearts.
The bear ambled along the forest path, not in any hurry. Nose in the air, he sniffed a faint scent. Then his ears began to pick up the distant sound. Taking his time, he headed in the direction of the sound. The roaring water greeted him and welcomed him to salmon season.
Dave had wanted to travel to California his whole life. Dave worked hard and saved his money. Eventually he had enough money for a trip. Dave planned out his vacation. Finally he was ready for his dream trip to California.
My girlfriend and I went out for a walk. We walked down our street in the rain. While walking we stepped in a deep muddy puddle. We slipped and got covered by mud. After that we went home and cleaned up.
All of the fish in Tracy's fishbowl had died. She decided to go to the petstore and buy more fish. While there, she had a hard time choosing which fish to get. She decided to get two new goldfish. She took them home and they were happy in their new home.
A man was on trial. The prosecutor instigated the case. The man was poor at defending himself. He decided to admit to the crime. He received a jail sentence.
While at home Robert smelled something terrible. He went to the kitchen to investigate. The source of the smell appeared to come from the refrigerator. He opened it up and saw that there was rotting meat he forgot about. After he took out the bad meat, his house began to smell fine.
I went to the casino with some friends. I had never played poker before. I turned my cards over and had a winning hand. The dealer told me keep that money and put in my purse. I still do not know how to play poker.
Tammy had always wanted to be a nurse. She worked very hard to get into nursing school. Once she was in school she had to stay on top of her grades. After years and years she was able to graduate from school. She went on to save hundreds of lives as a nurse.
Tom was driving his friends home from the bar. He was pulled over by the cops. They thought he had been drinking. Tom explained he was the designated driver. The cops let him continue.
The two archaeologists became excited when their shovel hit something. The carefully brushed away the dirt. A white statue of a woman was revealed. It rained in the arid desert where they had their dig. The statue melted away, leaving only a pile of salt.
Hannah was driving her car to work. On the highway, Hannah got a flat tire. Hannah telephoned her auto service for help. Within thirty minutes, a repairman showed up to assist her. The repairman fixed her flat and she drove to work.
Terry was using the pressure washer to clean my house. I came from the backyard with a glass of lemonade. I was planning to give it to him. He turned toward me however, he didn't take off his pressure washer. I fell down after being sprayed on the chest.
Jeff enjoyed bouncing his ball everywhere he went. Jeff's mom warned him not to bounce his ball inside the house. She warned that if he does, the ball may break something. Jeff didn't listen to his mom and bounced his ball inside the house. Jeff's ball broke a vase and Jeff was punished for not listening.
Anna didn't want to learn to bowl. But she went to the bowling alley anyway. Her boyfriend tried to teach her there. She threw only gutter balls. Her boyfriend wouldn't stop laughing.
Lucy was at her friends house attending a party. While everyone was talking, Lucy made a joke. Nobody laughed at the joke and Lucy was very embarrassed. Everyone walked out of the room and went outside to hang out. Lucy's friend came in and told her it's alright, he found it funny.
Jim was watching television. All of a sudden the doorbell rang. It was the mailman. Jim had received his phone bill. The bill came out to be $100.
The man lost his voice. They couldn't hear him at the meeting. Some important information was not communicated. The man's project suffered. The man was demoted.
Tony hired a concrete crew. THey were going to replace his sidewalk. They worked all day, smoothing out the concrete. It looked great! Tony thought it made his house look much more attractive.
Mary had an important interview. It was for her dream job! She practiced her interview skills. She also polished up her resume. Mary was so excited for her interview!
Barry was taking his first train ride. He wanted to see how fast it could get him to work. Barry left 20 minutes early to catch the train. However, the train did not reach on time. Barry decided that he would not take the train to work again.
Lilly lived by herself. She lost her job at the law firm. Lilly couldn't afford to pay her rent alone. Lilly realized she needed to find a roommate. She put an ad in the paper to find a roommate.
Annie loves to play word games. She has about ten Words With Friends games going at any time. Her biggest challenger is her boyfriend's mom, Lori. This morning Annie played a 65 point word on a game with Lori. She was so excited she started jumping up and down like a kid!
This morning we got ready for work/school in a hurry. Then I drove to the store for coffee and lunch items. There was a lot of traffic on the roads. We finally got to town in the nick of time. We were both exhausted.
Lisa went to the park with her Mom. She wanted to play on the swings. All of the swings were being used by other kids. Lisa had to wait until there was an empty swing. Finally the other kids were done and Lisa got to swing.
I wrapped bread and cheese in wax paper. I placed it in the toaster. The wax paper caught on fire. The fire extinguisher didn't work. Luckily, the fire went out on its own.
Tom had allergies. They got really bad. He kept on sneezing everywhere. He bought some pills. They helped him.
Sue had a crush on the neighbor. After spending time together she learned that he had a crush on her. Sue and her neighbor hung out daily. One day he kissed Sue. Sue was thrilled that she had her first kiss.
I love to drink coffee every day. I have been doing it for Years and it helps me get through the day. I take it with cream and sugar each time. I've read an article that so much sugar is very bad for you. So from now on I just drink it black and it works fine.
Angel wanted to go to college, but did not know what to study. Her teacher suggested she call the administration office. Angel called the administration office and spoke with the counselor. The counselor asked her what she wanted to do for a career. Angel chose to study Psychology.
Sandy loved to hike. On her hike she ran into a bear. She wasn't sure what to do. She stayed still and quiet. The bear finally ran away.
Brandon is fishing. He wants to catch his first fish. He throws his pole into the water. Moments later he feels a fish on his line. He reels in the fish and makes his first catch.
Benji had 4 days until his birthday. He was always very excited for his birthday. This was because his grandad always got the best present. This year, his grandad got him a season ticket for football. He knew grandad would go all out again.
Zola and her family were going to their cabin. They hadn't been up to it in years. Zola started searching around the cabin. Suddenly, she noticed a big box. Inside, she found an old toy that she had been missing forever.
My mom came home. She was looking for her earrings. She asked me if I've seen it anywhere. After I told her no, she got mad. In addition, she decided to yell me.
Valerie was walking to the food court. She overheard a small kid complaining about being hungry. She decided to buy a sandwich from a cuisine shop. The kid took the sandwich and thanked her. Although his mom was concerned, she didn't say anything.
Paula needed a new rug for her living room. She found one at the store that she really liked. Paula bought the rug from the store. She brought it home and put it in her room. Paula was thrilled with how it looked.
Janine agreed to go to Nora's party. She brought her friend, who no one knew. The friend was shy and didn't talk to anyone. Janine was embarrassed. She decided not to bring her friend along anymore.
It was the first day Amy was working from home. She was nervous she wouldn't be able to handle the callers. She logged in and waited for a call. The first caller asked a simple question Amy answered quickly. To her surprise her first day was easier than she predicted.
Lila had recently come into some money. She wanted to invest the cash into her dreams and future. Feeling risky she decided to open a dress shop. She made the preparations and opened up a month later. Luckily, her shop seemed to be doing very well.
Ginny dated Stan for five years. He told her he loved her and wanted to get married. One night, after a night of heavy drinking, they had unprotected sex. Two months later, Ginny found out she was pregnant. Stan was excited to be a father.
She said I should not give that kind of gift. I was headed out of town for a few months. Things had been sour between us. I left a chocolate pie on her doorstep. I wanted to tell her I was going.
I am a transit buff. I worked at a transit authority. One day our new general manager wanted to see photos of the fleet. My boss sent me out to take photos. It was one of the most enjoyable work days I ever had.
I had always wanted to go to south america. I saved up as much money as I could for a year. I took my vacation from work after saving enough money. I travelled to a very nice hotel. I went to exotic sites and swam at the beach.
The woman had big hands. She thought gloves made them look better. Her friends disagreed with that. They discussed the gloves. They agreed that it had been rude to bring up the gloves.
Parker was driving to work. He didn't see a cat jump into the road. He hit the cat. He went out to take care of it. It died shortly after the accident.
A teacher saw some kids making fun of a student. The teacher came in and broke up the students. She asked why the student was being mocked. The student revealed a large birthmark on his shoulder. The teacher, surprised, revealed a similar birthmark on her shoulder.
Tina was going to make Phil a cooked meal. She never cooked for him before. She finally got the ingredients ready to cook. When she was done he tasted it. He loved it.
The family went to the park on Easter. The city put on an Easter egg hunt for the kids. Each kid was supposed to pick up only one egg. That way there would be enough for everybody. The first kids picked up all the eggs anyway.
I bumped into my friend Anh today. She is a nanny for two kids. She told me their names a few times but I kept forgetting. Today I wrote the children's names down on my phone. Now I will remember their names.
Gina watched her younger siblings after school. Unfortunately she had left her key on the dresser. They were all locked out. The little kids were scared. Gina managed to keep them calm as she thought of a plan.
The kids were upset. Their mom made them clean their rooms. They spent hours, but the mess was still there. They decided to shove it all in the closet. Their mom knew to check there first.
Tom was riding his bicycle. He hit a big rock and flipped. Tom got a big cut on his chin. His parents had to take him to the hospital. Tom had to get eight stitches.
Kelly and her class went in a field trip to the museum. Kelly had never been before. When she got to the museum she had a blast. Unfortunately though her hair got caught. Luckily though her teacher was able to help.
Before I walked out of my office, my boss called me. He told me that I'm required to work overtime today. Since I couldn't argue with him, I agreed. Instead of coming home at 7 AM, I came home at 11 AM. I couldn't walk to my room and end up sleeping on the couch.
Lilly wanted new shoes. She told her mom. Her mom told her to wait till friday. Lilly began to cry. When friday came Lilly and her mom went to the shoe store.
Beth was being bullied by a girl at school. One day on the bus the girl hit Beth. Beth hit the girl back and a fight broke out. The bus driver pulled over and broke them up. It was the last time the girl picked on Beth.
Chuck was talking to a customer about a new computer. The customer said he wasn't interested and walked away. Then Chuck noticed something in the customers coat. He stopped him before he left the store. The customer emptied his coat and deposited many phones.
The government found new technology. The technology makes tanks better. They implemented it right away. The tanks just went to fight. They demolished a whole mountain.
Carla was baking brownies. She set them on the counter to cool off. Her kids ran in and took half the brownies. Carla walked back into the room. Carla didn't know what happened to the brownies.
Rachel was acting very sad lately and none of us were sure why! After about a week we finally asked her what was wrong. She told us that her boyfriend just recently broke up with her. All of us were very sad for her. After a few more weeks Rachel got over it a bit and wasn't as upset.
The rabbit was stuck in the trap the farmer had set out. He could hear the dogs barking in the distance. His leg was pinned and he was frantically trying to free himself. The sound of the dogs was very close now. The last thing the bunny saw was the farmers boot.
My husband and I love to kayak. We took our yaks out on Crystal River one day in Florida. While paddling, I saw a huge shape underneath my boat! I yelled ahead at my husband that there is something in the water! We saw a giant manatee swimming right beside us with her baby.
I worked at the MBTA for 26 years. I took new employees on field trips. My last trip was in 2007. I took a new buyer to visit a repair facility in Newton. I gave a brief history of the MBTA.
The Bailey's loved Costco. The liked to go get samples. Their kids loved the samples too. One day they didn't have any samples. They were all disappointed.
Jean broke her ankle right before summer break. She wondered what she would do if she was confined to crutches. She decided to take up chess and found it very fun. She joined a chess club and met friends there. Jean's ankle healed but her love for chess club remained.
Tom was looking forward to his thirteenth birthday. He was pleasantly surprised with many gifts. His favorite gift was a full size basketball goal. It fit perfectly on the driveway to their home. Tom went on to play basketball professionally.
I woke up to find an email. It was from my mother in law. She had sent a gift card for my son. I was overwhelmed by her kindness. I wrote her an email thanking her profusely.
Butch had a really old computer. Everything he did on it was slow. The frustration became intolerable for Butch. He saved his money and order a new PC from Dell. It arrived and Butch was much happier.
Andy always carried a non traditional briefcase. Andy's coworkers made fun of him because of his man purse. Andy did not care, because he liked his man purse. In fact, the bag was given to him by his daughter for his birthday. Despite being teased, Andy loved his bag his daughter gave him.
Franklin liked to steal items from people. He stole money and jewelry from people at work. Franklin was caught one day and arrested. He spent over a year in jail for his crime. Franklin still steals and hasn't changed his ways.
Blair was a girl who loved gymnastics. She asked her parents if she could join a gymnastics school. Soon after beginning lessons, Blair progressed rapidly. Blair trained very hard and practiced with vigor. Blair eventually became captain of her school gymnastics team!
I went to the store. I got caught in a thunderstorm. It completely soaked my clothes. That affect upset me. But, I realized it was time to do laundry.
Ron picked up a new book from the library. His friend recommended the book. He was unsure that he would like the book. He finished the book in a day. It changed his life.
I was going back to my aunt and uncle's. My cousin's blinds were open. My uncle didn't like that. She went up the stairs. And she shut the blinds.
Jean was bullied in school. She joined a Karate team. She focused hard and moved quickly through the belts! Eventually she earned her black belt. Jean is no longer bullied.
Max was on his way to a baseball game. He entered the stadium and found his seat. As the game commenced he realized he was in the zone for fly balls. When Rodriguez stepped up to the plate Max lit up with excitement. Rodriguez hit the ball and it flew right to Max, landing in his glove.
I wanted to make a special dinner for my husband. I prepared his favorite casserole and placed it in the oven. Hours later, I realized that I had forgotten to turn on the oven. It was now too late to cook the casserole for dinner. We ordered the most delicious pizza we had ever eaten!
One day Susie realized she needed to wash her dog. Her dog didn't want to be washed. She had to struggle to get him to stand still. She finally got him clean. He smelled much better!
Tanya decided that she would vote today. The got in her car and drove to the polls. The got into the voting booth and thought very hard. She could not figure out who to vote for. She decided that she should just leave and go home.
Molly was doing some chores Saturday. She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room. It was spotless and ready to be mopped. All of a sudden her little brothers burst in and made a big mess. She had to start all over again.
Perry was a great baseball pitcher. He pitched for several games. Perry worked hard at his craft. Perry played hard and made it to the championships. Now, Perry is in the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Fleas everywhere! The dog brought them inside the house! They were biting and itching and making everyone miserable. Gary bought flea soap, poison, and a pill for the dog. It took work and diligence, but Gary exterminated them all!
Jasmine went to Winco to buy some tampons. In that aisle, there were two older Vietnamese men looking at shampoo. Jasmine felt uncomfortable reaching past them for a box of tampons. The two Vietnamese men did not flinch but watched her make a decision. When she turned around they asked her what the word shampoo meant.
I had a few drinks with my boyfriend the other day. We don't usually drink together. We both had a few too many. We laughed all night. It was a perfect night.
James wanted to play basketball. The team coach told him he was too small to play. James practiced hard every day at home. On tryout day, James tried out for the team. He was surprised and happy when he learned he made the team.
Bill was at home with his family one weekend day. Out of nowhere, it became very stormy and windy. Bill checked the news and saw a tornado warning on all channels. He took his family into their basement with supplies. After waiting the whole night, the tornado passed and they were safe.
Tim was very hungry. Tim did not have much money. Tim went to the local grocery store. Tim saw that bananas were very inexpensive. Tim bought many bananas, and was happy about it.
Chris loved garbage day. Every Monday he gathered all of his trash and placed it near the curb. He disliked useless things and he viewed trash as useless. One day he saw some birds pecking at his trash. He still loved garbage day but realized trash wasn't totally useless.
Rufus has wanted to play the harpsichord his whole life. He buys a harpsichord. Rufus practices harpsichord every day. Finally he becomes very good. His dream of becoming a harpsichord player has come true.
My wife put my laundry in the dryer. The dryer stopped running. I pulled the dry clothes out of the dryer. I folded my laundry. I put the laundry in their drawers.
It was Halloween day. My friends and I were all 18. We decided to go trick-or-treating one last time. A woman said we were too old to be trick-or-treating. We sadly went home after that.
Gary decided he'd like to start playing poker. He went to his friend's house to join in their weekly game. He wasn't quite sure what to do at first with his bets. He just tried to act cool whenever he got a good hand. He wound up winning the entire pot on his first poker night!
John wanted to eat dinner. He did not know which type of food would be best. He suddenly remembered he had a coupon for half off a pizza order. John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza. John ate a wonderful, hot, delicious pizza for dinner.
Janes dog died last week. She was very depressed every day last week. Tom and I decided to invite her out shopping. She was reluctant but decided to come with us. She spent a few hours with us to help her forget missing her dog.
Tom needed a roommate. He put up an ad online. He interviewed a few different options. Tom went with the one he thought would mesh best. He was right and they got along well.
The car wouldn't start again. Mama had a neighbor help with jumper cables, but it didn't work A tow truck was called to bring it to the shop. The mechanic said it just needed a new battery. The car was running like new again!
George and Jenny's son Aaron had always been quite trustworthy. Lately he'd been hanging out with a kid with a bad reputation. But they thought Aaron could be trusted and left him alone for a week. They ended up returning early, and found the house covered in debris. Aaron had thrown a party, and his parents immediately grounded him.
Benzi attends school in New York City. Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants. He has all different friends from different nationalities. He loves attending school in the city. He wants to live there when he grows up.
My bathroom has started to smell weird. I have searched everywhere for the smell. Today I was determined to find the smell. Finally, I found out my dog buried her bone in the laundry hamper. She is no longer allowed in the bathroom.
Allie needed new hair extensions. She ordered some from online. When she got them she tried putting them in. But her hair broke. Allie was horrified.
Bryce was a huge baseball fan. He spent every free moment he had practicing his swing. He was a fixture at the batting cages from a young age. All through school, Bryce dominated his age group. When he was 18, he was selected 1st round in the MLB draft.
Quinn and Rowan were playing together during recess. Rowen started being mean to Quinn. He threw a ball hard at her and hurt her. Quinn tried to run away but she slipped on the concrete. The teacher made Rowen apologize to Quinn.
Tracy had horrible allergies. Her doctor gave her a new medicine. He said it would help her a lot. The first day, she broke out in a rash. The doctor said she must be allergic to that, too.
George was walking down the road. He saw lightning strike in the sky. He kept walking towards his house. All of a sudden the lightning hit George. He was rushed to the hospital and suffered burns.
Ronald was looking to get a new cellphone. Ronald decided to check various companies for a decent phone. Ronald compared his top choices of cell phones. Ronald decided on a IPhone, as it fit what he was looking for. Ronald was pleased with his new phone.
Kimmy had a huge mirror in her bathroom. She accidentally broke the mirror. She was very superstitious. She thought something bad was going to happen. She lost her job the next day.
I love soda. I used to drink it all the time. I would drink 10 cans a day. I am now 300 lbs. Turns out Soda is nasty for your body.
Tom was going to work. He noticed he had a flat tire. He tried to change it but his spare was flat too. He wound up having to call a friend. The friend gave him a ride to work.
The mustang boss I inherited was flawless. Was, being the key word. Last night a deer ran out in front of me on the highway. I was able to slam on the breaks, but it slid under the right fender. Now i have two flat tires on my passenger side.
Gustav had his history paper due in three hours. He asked his roommates to help him They each wrote 2 pages for Gus. Gus finished with time to spare. He ran the paper across campus to be safe.
There was a sport bar near my house that I loved to go to. I would go with my basketball team after we would win a game. We would go about ten times every season. I heard through the grapevine that they closed. Now we'll have to find a new place to go to.
I needed an apartment for graduate school. So yesterday I went looking for one. I found a nice apartment but it was in a boring town. At first I was apprehensive because of this. However thinking about it, I decided it was worth it.
Jay decided to grow a beard. His wife didn't like the idea. He grew one out and didn't like it either. It was itchy and cumbersome. He decided to shave it off.
Jan married a man who was very tall. Jan had three very tall children as well. Jan was very short despite her family being tall. Jan adopted a short child. Jan still felt unfulfilled with her life.
Julie wanted to add height to her toe touch. She stretched every night. She did leg lifts. She also did ten touch touches every day. Julie finally got her toe touch to where she wanted it.
Hallie was having a birthday party at her house. She could not wait to blow out the candles on her cake. Before, the cake, Hallie played games with her family and friends. Hallie's mother brought out the cake. Hallie finally got to blow out the candles on her birthday cake.
Julie didn't want to go to the dentist. She was scared of the noise and the instruments. Her mom asked the dentist to put her under. But as she was too young, Julie had to endure. She came out of the dentist with nice teeth but a sulky mood.
Jill had a rodent problem in her house. She decided to get a cat to control her problem. She adopted a cat from her local humane society. Her new cat caught all the rodents in her house. Jill was so happy that she was able to adopt a new friend.
My neighbor Steve bumped into me today. He mentioned he had cellulitis in his foot. Steve said a friend of his had it in his shoulder. It developed into flesh-eating bacteria and the friend lost his arm. Luckily he survived.
Jen lost the use of her legs five years ago. When the doctors told her she could still walk, she didn't believe it. She skulked in her apartment all week. Until one day, the fire alarm went on. Without realizing it, she stood up and ran to the door.
Mark wasn't sure what to get for his girlfriend Sara on her birthday. Mark asked Sara's friends for recommendations. They all said Sara likes panda bears. Mark booked a flight to China for Sara's birthday. Sara played with panda bear cubs in a Chinese zoo on her birthday!
One morning there was a heavy rainstorm. A pretty brown butterfly's wings got very wet. It couldn't fly because of the wet wings so it perched on a rock. Once the rain stopped, the butterfly started to dry. Soon it was sunny and the butterfly was able to fly away.
Virginia decided to make spaghetti for dinner. She boiled the noodles in a big pot of water. When she went to drain the water all of the noodles fell in the drain. Virginia picked up her phone. She ordered pizza for delivery instead.
Ben was slacking on the job. He was missing a lot of work and left the days early. Ben continued to do this since he thought he could get away with it. The boss finally noticed this. Ben was fired from the job.
Anna was on her way to a family reunion several hundred miles away. She had her route set on her cell phone but didn't print out a map. At a crucial point on her trip, her cell phone lost mobile connection. She missed one turn that made her several hours late for the reunion. After that Anna always had a backup route printed out just in case.
Andrew bought something for his hunting trip. It was a new gun. He was eager to test it out. He saw an elk grazing in the field. He raised his gun to shoot it for the first time.
Nita noticed that her glasses were getting weaker and weaker. She scheduled a vision test to be sure. Sure enough, the eye exam said Nita's eyesight had worsened. Sighing, Nita ordered new glasses. Her new ones were much stronger than the originals!
Bob decided to buy an old house. He was going to renovate it. Alas, he didn't realize how expensive the renovation would be. It cost him thousands of dollars to fix the house. Luckily, he increase the market value of the house by 300%.
Callie wasn't feeling good. She took her temperature and had a fever. Callie went to the doctor. She was told she had to take some medicine. Callie took the medicine, rested, and hoped to feel better soon.
Fred had been answering questions for the last hour. His voice started to get coarse and so he asked for water. The proctor handed him a bottle of seltzer water. Fred drank a sip of the water and nearly choked. Undaunted, Fred went on to answer questions for another hour.
I loved holding my children when they were babies. My daughter used to pull my chest hair. When she was about a week old I shaved my chest hair. This allowed me to hold her without losing hair. I believe our strong bond is owed to those trimmed hairs.
I was walking in the city yesterday. I was underground. Near the train I saw a blind woman. She looked lost. Thankfully I helped her.
My shoes had a hole and I needed new ones. I went from shoe store to shoe store. I could not find a pair I liked. I received a notification on my phone about a big shoe sale. I went and found the pair of my dreams.
Daphne was at the mall with her friends. Suddenly they heard an alarm began to chime. At first they assumed it was a drill like in school. Then they noticed plumes of smoke filling the halls. Luckily an exit was near and they got to safety.
Sarah was walking through her house. Her dad had left some tool's out. She accidentally stepped on one. A drill bit went into her foot. Her mom got her a band-aid right away.
Tom was out on a walk. He came up to a fence. It had an electricity warning sign. Tom figured it was an electric fence. He decided to avoid touching it.
John just bought a house. He had a lot of problems closing on it. The sellers had a lot of issues they needed to take care of first. They finally finished all the work. He moves in tomorrow.
Tom's birthday was coming up. He decided to throw a big party for it. He invited everyone he knew and got a lot of alcohol. Tons of people showed up to his party. Tom had a great time.
Jane had never shot a gun. Her uncle decided to take her shooting. She was nervous at first. Eventually she did much better than expected. Jane wanted to keep practicing more.
Josh was a computer nerd. He wanted a new laptop for his birthday. He had been begging his parents for one. They told him no. When he opened his present, he was surprised with a laptop.
Joe thought it looked like a great day to play golf. The sun was out and the temperature was perfect. He decided to leave work early and go play. As he was halfway through his game, a thunderstorm came. He had to seek shelter fast.
Tom was taking an art class. They had an assignment for a self portrait. Tom decided to try something different. He wasn't that talented but gave it a good effort. Tom got a good grade.
Martha always wanted to learn how to garden. She ended up volunteering at a local garden. While volunteering she met an old gardener to help her. The old gardener helped her plant her first garden at her home. Now Martha is considered an expert gardener by everyone in town.
Mike was playing computer games. All of a sudden, his computer started to freeze. His computer was overheating. Mike bought a new CPU cooler from the electronics store. He installed the cooler and fixed his freezing problems.
Tim loved eating cookies. His parents always tried to stop him. They would hide them in different places. One day they noticed Tim was covered in cookie crumbs. They lectured him again to no avail.
Avery was excited to visit the Sears Tower in Chicago. She woke up early and rode the bus to the Sears Tower. The wind was strong that day and had blown some of the windows out! The tower was not open because of the broken windows. Avery was sad she didn't get to go in that day.
Adam was making pancakes. He mixed the batter in a plastic Tupperware container. Then, he heated the cakes on a hot griddle. He accidentally let the griddle touch the container. It melted the plastic and batter spilled everywhere.
Tom felt sick at lunchtime. Tom still ate his lunch, which was a burrito. The burrito made Tom feel more sick. Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness. The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay.
Stacy was hiking in the woods. She heard a rustling behind her. She turned around and saw a huge bear. She backed away quietly. The bear watched as she faded into the woods.
Brian had a crush on Teresa. Brian decided to make the leap and confess to her. Teresa said she only liked him as a friend. Brian was crushed. He spent the rest of the day moping.
Sara wanted to be a cheerleader. She was nervous about tryouts. She started practicing weeks before. She had been working on her tumbling. When they called her name as a squad member, she was happy.
Butch was the pepsi guy where I worked. He had a crush on me. He came through my line asking me out. I always said no. He finally gave up before I quit.
Kylie was starting college. She didn't know how long it would take to get to campus. She left early on her first day. Kylie had a good idea of the time it would take to drive to school. Kylie knew what time to set her alarm.
Chloe was frustrated with her boyfriend. He seemed more interested in looking at his phone than talking to her. She decided to break up with him. She mentioned the break-up to a male colleague at work whom she liked. He asked her out on a date and they had a great time.
Alex's friend Rob had 5 of the 6 toys from a cereal box. Alex decided he wanted to get them all as well. His mother bought the cereal, but only one box. The next week she bought another one. By the third week they had run out of the boxes with the toys.
Tom was drunk one night. He decided to get a tattoo. He wanted something foreign looking. He got asian characters without knowing what they meant. Tom regretted getting a lunch menu tattoo when he found out.
Arnold wanted to woo his girlfriend. He thought he would write a song for her. He played the song for his girlfriend. She didn't like the song. She dumped him the next day.
Susan attended the cooking show of one of her favorite chef's. She was surprised to be called up on stage. She helped mix and stir ingredients. She even had the chance to sample what they made. Susan was especially thrilled to be given a prize for participating.
The couple was on vacation in Las Vegas. They went to a casino on their first night. They lost a ton of money! They were so depressed, they left the casino. They spent the rest of the night at the bar.
Thurman was running away from the police. He decided to hide in a church. He asked the priest there to hide him. The priest said no. The police found him at the church and arrested him.
One day I went to drive my son to a cub scout meeting. The car was out of gas. My neighbor was just leaving when he heard my car sputter. He drove back and helped me buy a tank of gas. I was very thankful.
Jackie decided to become a good watercolor painter. So she bought the supplies and put herself to practice. But she needed to find a teacher. So she searched and searched, until one day she found a book. The book was on watercolor painting, and learned to be great from it.
Bobby was sick of getting bullied at school. Bobby decided to go to a gym to train. After a few months, Bobby was very strong and fought the bully! The bully saw how strong he was and decided not to fight him. After that day, Bobby was never bullied again.
A first grade class was asked to play musical chairs during break. The kids rearranged their classroom with chairs formed in a circle. The class then proceeded to play musical chairs. There were three, then two, then only one remaining participant. The winner of the musical chairs games got to take home sticker book.
Jamie loved making dinner. She decided to make a big salad. She added all sorts of toppings. Soon, it was finished. She set it down in front of the family and they dug in.
Oliver was playing in his bedroom. He was messing with his mirrored closet doors. Suddenly, the door hit a bump. The entire thing began to fall down. Oliver screamed and ran out of the way just in time.
Joe is packing the last of the items he needs for his trip to the bay. He takes special care in loading his new speargun. As soon as it's in, he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck. He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle. At last, he's on his way to his destination.
Susan always goes to the candy store on Saturday. She has many nieces and loves to spoil them with candy. One Saturday Susan took all of her nieces to the candy store. They all bought their favorite candies. Sunday Susan and her nieces had stomach aches.
Kate and her friends were at a restaurant. For dessert Kate wanted cheesecake. But they only had vanilla bean cheesecake. Kate hated vanilla. But they had nothing else she wanted so she decided to give it a shot.
Tim was interested in buying a new car. He went to the dealership. He bought a brand new car. He disliked the wheels on the car. He purchased new wheels and fell in love with his car.
Kevin was feeling upset lately. His parents started him in therapy. At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist. But when they started speaking, he felt better. Slowly Kevin let the therapist improve his mental health.
Velma has been working on a project for hours. It is repetitive work and her brain is turning to mush. Velma has to type meaningless things over and over. Velma is very tired, now. She hopes her work will be more interesting, tomorrow.
Dan decided to have a cookout for July 4th. In addition, Dan wanted to have a small firework show as well. Dan decided to invite some friends and neighbors to the event. Dan even hired a local DJ to play at the cookout as well. Dan could not wait to celebrate July 4th at his cookout.
I went out with friends and came home very late. I did not realize I would be so tired the next day. In the morning, I eagerly stumbled towards the coffee pot. I was so excited to get caffeine in my body. Unfortunately, the coffee pot slip and shattered on the floor.
Julie's family went strawberry picking for mother's day. Each of the four of them filled a basket. When they got home, they realized they had a lot of berries. They got everything they needed to can jam. All the relatives got strawberry jam for Christmas that year!
My father was really upset. He yelled at everyone. Inside he was just depressed. He apologized to us. But, somethings are just unforgivable.
Kenny was on a boat in mexico. He was sailing to an uncharted Island. Kenny could see an island cave approaching. Kenny tried his best to row the opposite direction. It was no use Kenny was stuck in the cave.
The man held up his hands. The police told him to be still. The man was too drunk. The man fell to the ground. The police put him in the cruiser.
Amanda was in a photography class. Her teacher let any of the students go off campus to take pictures. Amanda didn't have a car, though. She didn't even know anyone in class with a car. Instead she had to take pictures on campus.
On lunch break Kay went to the coffee shop near her job. She ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. When she bit into it she wondered what was this delicious cheese? She looked at the menu and saw it was Havarti cheese. Kay ate the yummy grilled cheese 3 days straight.
Sara wanted to audition for a musical. She heard there was an open call for Annie. She practiced singing for weeks. She got the role! She was really proud of herself.
Natalie was noticing ants around her house. She decided to call an exterminator. The exterminator pointed out problems in Natalie's home. He did a good job and left the house pest free. Natalie decided to enroll in a recurring service.
Sam was feeling bad. He wasn't sure what it was. A friend suggested drinking more water. Sam gave it a try. It made him feel a bit better.
Hillary wanted to run for president. She was a congresswoman. She went to a fundraiser. No one showed up. Hillary realized she wasn't very popular.
Francis has always wanted to try sampling different beers. His local brewery is holding a sampling this weekend. Francis and his friends all attend the sampling. Francis is amazed at the wide variety of beer available. He is very happy that he has finally tried sampling beers.
Hurricane Harry was set to land some time tomorrow. Fred went down to the hardware store to buy some supplies. When he got home, he started to board up the windows. Fred finished after some hours of hard work. Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region.
Charles was playing football. He went out for a pass. He caught the ball. But he landed on a window. He had to let his arm heal.
One day Jonas was going on a road trip with his friend. Jonas went to grab a soda from the back when he saw a large snake. Jonas was frightened and called for his friend. His friend explained it was his pet and had escaped his cage. Jonas was very nervous the rest of the trip with a snake in the car.
Ryan climbed the long set of stairs to get to the water slide. He was excited to try it. But when he looked down he realized how high it really was. He took a deep breath, hopping in. It was even more fun than he expected.
I learned how to swim last week. It took months of practice but I finally did it. I went down to the pool everyday for a month. Now I can swim with ease. I can't wait to show all my friends that I can swim.
Cam went on a hike alone in the desert. Cam suddenly tripped and sprained his ankle badly! He had nobody with him to run for help, so he began to crawl alone. Cam crawled for days through the desert before being spotted. He was eventually rescued and now always brings a friend hiking.
Tom was driving down the road. A small rock hit his windshield. It created a big crack. The crack kept getting bigger. Tom had to get it replaced.
Kevin was hiking with some friends. But he got lost. After a few hours, he had not more water left. So he decided to drink water from a river. And after finding his friends, he became sick.
Tom bought a new fitted suit. He felt really confident wearing it. People noticed as he was out and about. His friends gave him many compliments. Tom decided to wear it more often.
A man went out golfing for the first time. On his first tee off, he sank a hole-in-one. His friends were astonished, and encouraged him to keep playing. The man, however, realized he now had a perfect golf record. He put down the club and never picked up another.
Linda had a new baby. Her other kids weren't adjusting well. They baby cried all the time. Linda said it would get easier when the baby got older. The siblings were not pleased with the new addition.
Carl was studying in the library. He found a book on ancient science. He read about a number of influential people. He was particularly interested in reading about ancient astrologers. He decided to check out the book to read more later.
I received two cigars yesterday. My sister-in-law got them from her work. I do not smoke cigars. I asked my friend Jack, who smoked, if he wanted them. Jack said he had to stop smoking for health reasons.
A friend told me there was going to be a dog contest in our area. I signed my dog Princess up for the contest. I dressed her with a bow on her head. She was very behaved at the contest, when it was her turn. Princess won second prize for best looking dog.
Ken loved driving his motorcycle. He would go on long rides on the weekend. One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike. Ken broke several bones and took a long time recover. After he healed he sold his bike to pay for medical expenses.
Bobby was a mean little boy in the third grade. He would often tease his classmates and his teachers. One day Bobby got a straw from his school lunch. He sucked on a small piece of paper and shot it through the straw. It hit his teacher in the head and Bobby got in a lot of trouble.
Tim and Tina had been dating for months. Things were going well but Tim was moving. They both knew they couldn't handle a long distance relationship. Tim and Tina decided to end things on good terms. They were able to remain friends.
Tim was selling hats. He sold lots of hats all day. However, he soon ran out. Tim had an idea. He made his own hats and the customers stayed happy.
Tom wanted a car. He only had a bicycle. He saved for years for a nice car. He eventually bought a new car. He became a proud car owner.
Sam was sad that he never had interesting conversations. He never got to be around anyone interesting. He decided to go to college. He was shocked. He found so many interesting people to talk to.
Kate amassed great wealth as part of the king's harem. She was handed jewelry and numerous riches. But she grew tired of the king's company. She arranged to flee the country of Saudi Arabia. She fled at night, with the help of the King's cupbearer.
Jill loved visiting her cousin who lived on a farm. On the way to the farm, Jill's mom told a story about a mean pig. Later, Jill's cousin dared her to go into the pig's pen. Jill remembered about the ferocious pig and refused. At supper, the cousin told how Jill was afraid of a baby pig.
Regina had forgotten to call her best friend. It was her friend's birthday. She tried to call her friend no one answered. Regina decided to stop by her friend's house. She was surprised to discover her best friend was out of town.
Sam was at the office supply store to buy pens for himself. He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt. He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue. At the register he paid with his credit card. To sign the receipt he used one of his new pens.
Becky always wanted a new kitten. She had never had a pet before. She begged her parents to let her get one. Finally they said yes. Becky jumped for joy.
The boy had an idea. He told the idea to a friend. They decided to work together. They brought the idea to fruition. They both felt satisfied in a job well done.
Tim went to the local roller rink with his friends. The boys had a ton of fun. Tim hadn't skated in a while but still had a great time. Unfortunately he did fall however. But he picked himself right up.
James wanted to buy his wife a nice anniversary gift. He asked his boss if he could work some overtime to pay for it. James ended up working six days a week for three weeks straight. He was very happy when he saw his paycheck with the overtime on it. James went to the store and bought his wife a diamond necklace.
It was February and the Christmas tree was still up. Janice had a daughter. She died on Christmas day. Janice was depressed. On Valentine's Day she slit her wrists.
Anna went to a fancy dinner. The menu was lobster, which she hated. She resolved to keep her mouth shut about it. She filled up on appetizers instead. And at dessert, Anna had two helpings of pie!
Jill's mom said she would go to the grocery store. But about a half hour later, she wasn't home. Jill began to worry and considered calling 911. About an hour later, Jill's mom finally arrived. She only took long because she went to more stores than she planned.
Suzy had been using her ipad for awhile. She then dropped it by accident. The screen got messed up. So she took it in to be repaired. But it was no use.
Sara needed new shoes. She did not have enough money for the ones she wanted. She decided to keep shopping. She finally found another pair. She left the mall with a great pair of shoes.
Allie wanted to do something fun. She decided to make some chocolate. She bought some molds to help. Then her kids had a blast. They ended up making gift bags.
Lilly is the prettiest girl in her class. But the other kids are jealous of how pretty she is. The girls in her class tease her about her looks, hoping she will cry! When Lily finally breaks down and cries, the other girls feel bad. They stopped teasing Lilly and are now her best friends.
A lonely Hallie decided to watch television with Becky. She went into the living room to ask Becky if it would be okay. Becky told her that they could watch an animated movie. Hallie picked out Mulan. They had a great time watching a movie together.
The man filled up his backpack. He tried it on. It felt too heavy. He took the backpack off. He took some of the stuff out of the backpack.
George always dreamed to make it big. So when he finally made lots of money he bought a mansion. He decorated it with flair and gave many big parties. His peers acknowledged his accomplishments but something was missing. His heart was closed and he lacked love.
My daughter's friend moved into her first apartment last September. She is not good at managing her money. She was thinking about moving back home after her lease. But she was able to make money by posting her apartment on Airbnb. She recently signed another lease.
Jene was at the restaurant with his girlfriend. The waiter gave their food to them. A lady came out of nowhere and sat next to Jene. She began to hug and flirt with him. Jene's girlfriend got mad and punched the female.
The playground was Ryan's favorite place to be. Unfortunately, the rain was keeping him from it. Ryan looked out the window and lost hope. Just then the sun started to show. Ryan tore through the doors and raced to the playground.
My parents were testing my driving skills. I was acting confident as usual. They gave me the hardest task, parallel parking. I accepted the challenge and succeeded the first time. My parents were shocked.
Marie went to the store to choose a new couch. As she was very indecisive, she stayed there all day. The employees showed her everything they had. But Marie always found something she didn't like. In the end she went home with nothing and had lost her day.
4 Friends were playing secret santa. Jason had to give Jen a gift. He did not know what to give. He ended up buying a nice notebook Jen pretended to like it.
There was a massive tornado last night. My brother and I got caught in it. We were driving then immediately ran to the basement. We were so frightened. Finally when it stopped we were alright.
While I was in Hawaii, I was able to golf at Kapalua. It was something I really wanted to do, since it was a famous course. The staff were friendly and helpful. The course was in amazing shape. I had one of my best rounds and best experiences golfing there.
Cindy was sleeping in a hotel room in Africa. She woke up in the middle of the night to find a spider in her room. She then realized the spider was huge. The tarantula started crawling towards her. She screamed and ran right out of the room.
John was at an ATM. It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction. He decided to go to a store instead. He bought some gum and got cash back. It saved him over four dollars.
Joe hates to cut his hair. His hair is so long he can't see. Joe wrecked his bike because he couldn't see. He decided he had to get his hair cut. He walked up town to the barber.
Lary had been a star football player as a young man. He was well known for his speed and agility. He played all throughout college until one fateful day. Lary ran for a touchdown when he was tackled and his leg was broken. Lary now uses a cane to help him walk.
Drew went to the county fair with his friends. Once he got there, he bought a chicken sandwich. Something seemed off about it, but he kept eating. An hour later he became violently ill. He spent the next day and a half bedridden with food poisoning.
I wanted to throw a huge birthday party. At this party, I wanted the theme to be board games. I sent out invitations with a board game theme to all of my friends. Everyone showed up and we played board games all day. I learned that my birthday should be a yearly games convention.
Larry had broke my gate when he plowed my driveway. He'd accidentally hit it with his plow. My gate dangled loosely on its bolts. I tightened them up as best as I could. Now I can't close the gate at the end of my driveway at all.
The principal tried to make wearing school uniforms a requirement. However, most students were arguing about it. They said that it was expensive and didn't allow freedom of expression Before the principal went inside her car, an angry mob appeared. They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision.
Arthur was painting a girl's portrait. She sat quietly and smiled. When he finished, he showed her the portrait. She did not like it. She did not want to pay him any money.
Del and his friends would have speed-writing competitions. It began as just doing simultaneous quickwrites. But then they started doing time trials. They wanted to see who could write a full story the fastest. Del won in perpetuity when he wrote a full story, one sentence long.
Sara needed a new car. Hers had too many miles and was old. She finally found one she liked. She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership. Sara drove the new car home.
Anita's college was looking for judges for a writing competition. Anita decided that she would try to become a judge. Anita went to the office for information on the position. Anita was given a list of requirements. Sadly, Anita did not meet the requirements to be a judge.
Amy was auditioning for a spot at dance school. She was so nervous! She stumbled in her dance. She thought for sure they would not take her. But then they informed her she had passed the test!
At the library I asked the librarian for the best book she had. She walked over to a shelf and pulled out a book. I took the book home and read it in a week. I went back to the library and thanked her for her suggestion. The librarian was pleased that I enjoyed reading that book.
We lived in the city when we got married in 1981. One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape. The pigeon laid two eggs. The eggs hatched and she raised two babies. After a while the three birds flew off.
Cane was a car salesman at a lot. He was growing tired and weary of the job. One day, an angry customer came in and was very mean to him. Cane got so frustrated, he threw his papers up and quit. Cane never returned back to that job.
Amy was in an important meeting at work. She sat at a conference table with her coworkers while her boss spoke. There was a pitcher of water in the middle of the table. Amy tried to get water but ended up knocking the pitcher over. The meeting was postponed as soaked coworkers helped clean the spill.
Tom was signing papers at work. His pen ran out of ink. Tom didn't have any spares around. He decided to ask a coworker to borrow one. The co-worker happily obliged.
Melo really liked to play sports. His basketball coach recognized his skill. He told Me that he could pick out the team jersey's. Melo decided on neon green jerseys. Now Melo's team is the most colorful team on the court!
Ray got out of his car and began to walk to his office building. But he noticed a car poorly parked. So he decided to carry post it notes all the time. And he posted angry messages on cars that were parked incorrectly. But after several weeks, he realized it was only causing more stress.
Terry hosted a garage sale in front of her house. Someone came by and asked for the price of the DVD set. After she told him that it was $10, he said he'll take it. Terry turned around to take out the cash register. When she looked back, the guy ran across the street with the DVD.
Lucy and her grandma were going to the fabric store. Lucy wanted to make a tote bag. She was overwhelmed by all the types of fabric. Her grandmother explained the different types of fabric. Before Lucy even chose a fabric she chose a crystal zipper.
I wasn't feeling too well last weekend. I went to the doctor to see if something was wrong. They told me it was a cold. After giving me some medicine I headed home. I felt better the next day!
Brendan peeled off the bark from many birch trees. He put them on a fire. As they burned, they formed a tar. He used the tar to ward off the massive swarm of mosquitos. Finally, he had respite from their stings.
Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week. She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep. Her husband complained that it wasn't that hard. So he agreed to do it to try and prove his point. Mary smirked at her husband's exhausted face the next morning.
Phil was making a costume. He wanted to dress as a superhero for a party. He worked hard on tiny stitches and intricate patterns. His superhero suit was coming along nicely. It would be a big hit with all his friends.
Rachel was sick of the long lunch lines. She decided to get there earlier this time. She waited for the bell to ring. As soon as it rang, she sprinted to the cafeteria. Finally, she was the first person in line.
The fifth grade class was going on a field trip. They got on the charter bus at 6 AM. When they got to the site, the skies opened up and it rained hard. The kids were forced to sit on the bus all day. They came home dry but sad because their trip had been ruined.
Tim had never really drank much before. He did not know his limit. He drank more than he should have. He blacked out and made a fool of himself. The next day he had a horrible hangover.
Jed and Jake were ready to show off their new hotrod. They went down to the local raceway and signed up for a spot. They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race. The revved their engines and tore down the raceway. Jed ended up besting Jake by just milliseconds.
Kelly was starting high school. She was very nervous about becoming a freshman. She had heard horror stories about what upperclassmen did to them! But on Freshman Friday, no one harmed her or teased her at all! Kelly decided the rumors had just been a scare tactic!
Mel wanted a nose job to fix her huge nose. Her parents tried to talk her out of it. But Mel was insistent and she went in for surgery. After the surgery, she saw her new nose in the mirror. Mel was so thrilled with her new look, she cried!
Rachel has always been an outspoken girl. When she was young, she never hesitated to share her opinions. Rachel decided to become a journalist. She worked her way to the top for years. She now has her own show and many loyal followers.
I grilled some steaks for my friends the other day. I bought some real nice cuts from the store. I spent all day grilling them. I forgot to take them off the grill. I burned all the steaks!
Sally like the Christmas season. Full of cheer and seasons greetings. But she loved cocoa with marshmallows. Her mom made a wonderful Christmas breakfast for her. And included a huge mug full of cocoa with marshmallows for Sally.
Mark is an athlete that competes in Track and Field. He has a practice session where he practices his jumps. He was running late and decided to practice without warming up. When he jumped the first hurdle, he got a cramp. He decided to never train without warming up.
Ursula was sad that her cat had died. She cried a lot. Her friend Jane tried to cheer her up with a funny face. Ursula laughed at Jane's funny face. Ursula was glad to have a friend like Jane to cheer her up.
THe rich man awoke from his bed in the morning. He rang a bell and waited. A servant appeared moments later. The servant offered the rich man a cup of tea. The rich man took it and rose from the bed.
I helped my grandparents make homemade ice cream. They had their own peaches. I had to help churn the ice cream. It was a hot summer day. It was a fine addition to the church picnic.
Brian took a glass to the sink. He turned the sink on and watched it flow. He put the glass right under the water. The water filled the glass to the top. Brian removed the glass and turned off the sink.
Ted had printed some shirts. They had a copyrighted image on them. Ted was trying to sell the shirts online. The image's owner saw the shirts. He made Ted stop selling the shirts.
Sarah was nervous to visit her grandma in another country. She had never traveled alone before. But the plane ride was uneventful and even kind of fun! By the time she got there, she was totally relaxed. Sara was able to enjoy her trip very much!
He pulled out a new board game. He laid the pieces on the table. He walked around the house looking for someone to play with. Everyone said they were too busy. He sat down on the couch, dejected.
Bob walked down the hall in the building where he worked. His friend Joe came around the corner and walked with Bob. They didn't say anything to each other. Once they had a large hall in front of then, Bob gave a nod. On cue, Bob and Joe began a foot race to the end of the hall.
Amy was in the media center in her school library. She was excited to see what computers were all about. They had a game called Oregon Trail. Amy was new to computer so she didn't do very well. She played the game exclusively afterwards until she won.
Mom made chili for dinner. I watched as she cut up onions, green peppers and tomatoes. Then it simmered, and did it smell good! We all sat at the table with our huge bowl of chili and crackers. Afterwards I helped mom do the dishes for a job well done.
Summer is my favorite time of year. The weather is warm. My favorite part of summer is swimming in the pool. I could splash around for hours. After swimming, I always love to sit in the warm sun.
Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade. It was very fun. I loved seeing all the floats. My friends and I had a great time. We couldn't wait to come back next year.
In recent years there have been many new inventions. One of these is the Waterpack. It functions by sucking up water and expelling it at force. This water lifts you into the air. I tried one once and it was fun.
A family of ducks walked across a busy street one day. A man saw this while driving. He stopped his car and jumped out. He ran to where the ducks were. He threw up his arms to halt the traffic.
Mark had a good job that he lost unexpectedly six months ago. He collected unemployment while looking for a new job. He went on plenty of interviews but was not optimistic about them. He jumped for joy when the hospital called him for a second interview. He was happy to finally be hired as the new night watchman there.
Summer was trying to figure out how to file taxes. It was her first year of having a job and it was confusing! Her dad showed her the way to do it and from there she was fine. She quickly learned it was a pain in the butt. But now she knew how to be a grown up and file taxes.
I dried my socks in the dryer. One of my socks went missing. I went to the store to buy more. I got a large pack of black socks. I put them in the sock drawer.
Glenn's father died suddenly. His father was poor, so there was no inheritance for Glenn. Glenn's father did have a lot of old clothes. Glenn found out that he could sell the clothes to a vintage store. Glenn ended up with an inheritance after all.
Phillip was in medical school listening to a lecture. He started looking out the window and his mind wandered. He awoke in an operating room on the table. In panic, he jumped up thinking he was being operated on. His fellow students laughed and explained it was just a prank.
Tabitha really wanted some beer. She grabbed a case and ran out of a store. She thought she got away with it but a police officer spotted her. He tracked her down and arrested her. She finally gave up.
Feeling boring and plain, Susan was dreading another birthday. She decided to spice things up with a fresh look. She found a sexy new dress, but it wasn't enough. Gathering her nerve, Susan went to her hairdresser for help. She was thrilled to see her dull brown transform to gorgeous blonde!
John was the only one to survive a plane crash. He was afraid but he wanted to live so he pushed himself forward. He checked the crash for anything that would help his survival. He found food and clothing and decides to use the airplane as shelter. He found a map,realized that a town was nearby and so he went there.
The friends went fishing. No fish were biting. They decided to go hiking instead. They bought fish on the way home. They claimed they had caught it.
My daughters and I decided to go to the ocean for the weekend. I drove my car and was careful to drive safely on the thruway. My daughter told a funny story and we all laughed hysterically. I realized I was driving too fast when I saw a police car behind me. The fun ended when the  police officer handed me my speeding ticket.
Josh decided to come home from work for lunch one day. He saw that his dog had gotten sick all over their new white carpet. Usually his wife cleaned up those messes, but he decided to help. By mistake he used the wrong cleaner, discoloring the carpet badly. Instead of stinky carpet though, his wife came home to pink carpet.
The local marching band worked hard preparing for competition. On the day of the competition the students received bad news. Their band director had died quite unexpectedly the night before. After much deliberation the students decided to perform anyway. It was a very emotional experience for everyone involved.
I really hated drinking soda. The bubbles were so annoying to drink. When I bought a can of soda, I decided to shake it up. This made the bubbles eventually disappear. Now I could enjoy my soda.
The Markell family always went on vacation every year. It was usually this summer months. This year they were going to Disneyland. But they never made it to southern California. Their car broke down in the middle of Utah!
In our old house, we had a staircase to the basement. When our daughter learned to crawl, we were very excited. But we were not used to the amount of vigilance required. One day, our baby crawled to the staircase and fell down! We installed a gate the next day.
Tom was going to his high school reunion. He was nervous because he hadn't see his old friend in years. They had gotten into a fight. At the reunion, he immediately spotted his friend. Luckily, the man approached him and apologized.
Bill and his wife want to buy a new house. They call and find a real estate agent to help them. They go and look at many different homes. They finally find the perfect home. They make an offer and it gets denied.
I set the timer on the oven. I sat down to watch tv. I forgot completely about the pizza. Suddenly an acrid smell filled the air. I ran to the kitchen, realizing the pizza had burned.
Rita wanted a job, but she was only 12. She knew no stores or restaurants could hire her yet. Then she decided to ask her neighbors if they needed any help. Soon she got job offers for cleaning, cooking, and dog walking. Rita ended up with not just one job, but three!
James wanted to do an experiment. He tried getting a glass bottle hot enough to bend it. His plan did not turn out the way he planned for it to. He burnt his hand so bad. His mother had to take him to the doctor.
It was Jimmy's first day at his new job. He set his alarm clock to wake him up early. He was so nervous that he got no sleep the night before. He got out of bed before the alarm went off. He threw the alarm clock in the trash on his way out the door.
While at work two people met. Their job's rule book told them they couldn't date. The two were madly in love with each other. In order to date they decided to come up with fake names. Gretchen and Earl are very happy together.
On a Friday night, Bobby wanted to hang out with his friends. All of his friends were busy tonight though. So Bobby made imaginary friends. Bobby hung out with his imaginary friends. Later Bobby went to sleep and was happy with his new squad.
They met at a kickball game. They both had kids who were playing. They sat on the log and talked for a long time. They found out they had a lot in common. They decided to have a playdate with their kids soon.
A girl I used to babysit for contacted me through social media. She's no longer a little girl, but is in her 30s. She told me she loves the Beatles because I often played their music. I don't even remember this, and it touched my heart that she said so. It's amazing we can have an influence through the little things we do.
Michelle and her family went on a cruise. They had an amazing journey. On one stop they missed the boat. They had to fly to their next destination. It cost them a ton of money.
Kaleb wanted to watch his favorite show. It comes on at 11pm but his track meet will not end until 11pm. After the track meet Kaleb found a rerun of the show at 3am. He did everything in his power to stay up to watch the show. After finally watching the show, he felt amazed that he could stay up.
Tem was very unhappy. She decided to get a therapist. That did not help her so she got a psychiatrist. She was prescribed some pills. She felt better.
It was early and I brewed myself some coffee. I poured a cup and sat it on the table. I went outside to grab my newspaper. When I came back, I saw that my cat had knocked the cup over. The coffee stained my carpet and I couldn't get it out.
Maureen was a trout expert. The government called her when trouts were disappearing in her area. She explained that the change in temperature was affecting the fish. But that mostly the trouts needed people to stop fishing them. The government issued a law to forbid fishing trout in that area.
Jimmy heard a mean comment that was directed towards him. He stood up from his seat in anger and asked who said the joke. Tommy lied and blamed me for saying the joke. Therefore, Jimmy approached me. Before he got extremely close, I called the teacher to handle him.
Mindy was really sick. She had to miss a lot of school. Mindy wasn't able to keep up with her schoolwork. Mindy eventually recovered from her illness. She was able to repeat her grade level the next year.
The kids were unhappy. It was time to start school again for the year. They wished summer would last forever. They bought new clothes and supplies. They were unhappy about starting school but had missed their friends.
I decided to make a homemade skirt. I found a long denim skirt in my closet. It had stains at the bottom. I cut it in half. I sewed the seams at the ends and made a mini skirt.
Nick wanted something to do over the summer. He found an old broken boat being given away for free. Nick went to the boat's location and picked it up. He then bought supplies and worked hard all summer long. At the end of the summer, Nick had a great looking boat.
Jess received an old 1955 Chevy when he turned 16 in 1972. He and his dad overhauled the engine and repainted the car. He drove it to school and courted a girl who became his wife. After college, he bought a brand new car. Jess and his wife both shed tears as the old car was crushed.
Anna was at the beach one afternoon. She went into the water for a swim. But she ventured out farther than she had planned. She was a poor swimmer and could only dog paddle. She hurried to get back to shallower water!
Max was outside of his apartment smoking. He noticed a couple fighting outside of their apartment. The fight was really beginning to escalate. Suddenly, the man pushed the woman. Max ran over and intervened.
One day the Asher family went on vacation to Detroit. First they went to the zoo. Next they went to the museum. Finally they ate out for dinner. They all had a fun time.
I left my house to go shopping. I showed up at the store and began to shop. While looking over items, I heard a loud crash. Suddenly, there was an earthquake while I was in the store. I waited for the earthquake to be over and then left.
This week we went to the family cabin. We all had to pitch in and clean when we got there, it was so dirty. There were cobwebs and dust everywhere. There was even a giant spider. We didn't smash the spider though, we put it outside.
Since Elana moved back home, she and her sister have shared a bed. They're both very tall adults and the bed is just full-sized. When the weather warms, they find it hard to both sleep at once. Eventually they settle on two shifts, morning and night. Elana sleeps during the day, but they always have breakfast together.
Alex was in kindergarten. Today was the 100th day of school. Alex and his classmates celebrated. They made t-shirts and did fun activities. He was 100 days smarter!
Julie baked a cake for a friend's birthday. She drove the cake over to her friends house. The cake tipped over in her car. She threw a blanket over the mess. She visited her friend without any cake.
Leslie was excited, as today she got to go visit her grandma. Grandma lived on a farm and she always had fun there. She helped her grandma feed all the animals. Afterwards, grandma gave Leslie some freshly baked cookies. They played games and had a fun afternoon together.
Tara put her money in her purse. Later she went to get her money. It was missing. Tara found a hole in her purse. She bought a new purse the next day.
Hana went back to Hawaii to see her aunts and uncles. They threw a picnic in her honor, and everyone came. Hana smiled and talked, but she felt very uncomfortable. She didn't feel like the same person she used to be. At the end of the picnic, she politely thanked her family and left.
Karen had a very good voice. Since she was little, everyone complimented it. One day, she decided to sing to judges. The judges loved it and made her famous. Now, Karen makes money from singing to millions.
Danny went to the lake in April. The weather was nice, so he decided to go for a swim. He didn't realize the water was still cool. Danny jumped into the lake. He quickly swam out shivering.
Jack didn't mean to break his mother's favorite vase. He didn't notice she had moved the vase by the front door table. He didn't know how he would explain broken the vase to his mother. Jack tried hiding the broken pieces in the broom closet. He soon decided to just tell her the truth about the vase breaking.
Tom was going to sing karaoke. He picked a song he knew by heart. The dj played another song by mistake. Tom didn't know it as well but went along with it. He did a surprisingly good job.
Sally thought was the best baker in her family. She challenged her sister, Trina, to make the best pound cake. Sally had her cake in the oven before Trina finished mixing hers. Sally realized  she forgot to add her flavorings to the cake batter. Because she had taken her time, Trina's cake won the contest.
Peter went to the grocery store one day. He picked up fruits and vegetables. He went to pay at the cashier's desk but he forgot his wallet. He spent 5 minutes searching, but could not find it. He had to put everything back and come back to the store later.
Vince and Rachel had a huge fight. Vince decided he didn't want to date her anymore. He broke up with her. Rachel was devastated! She couldn't believe that he was leaving her!
Maddie has been thinking a lot lately. She hasn't been happy in her relationship. She felt as if it was her fault she felt this way. She made the decision to break it off with her boyfriend. It wasn't easy.
Johnny loved playing basketball. He loved it so much that he wanted to do it professionally. In order to achieve this, he practiced every day for years. When he got older, he got scouted at his team's game. Johnny later managed to join the national under 18s team.
Donald had always wanted to meet the president. It was recently announced that the president was visiting his town. Donald waited in line for three days to meet the president. After Donald met the president, he went home to rest. Donald  was able to have a good night's rest after meeting the president.
Mindy got a new job at a dog kennel. On the first day of work,Mindy began letting dogs outside. Suddenly,  one of the dogs bit Mindy on the leg! She got away from the dog and went to the restroom to asses her wounds She was pretty sore but returned to work the next day
I was walking through my house one day. I was stepping on crumbs every second. I felt grossed out and grabbed my vacuum cleaner. I began to clean my floors for an hour. I put my vacuum cleaner up and felt comfortable again.
It was a beautiful night out. Jill called her friends over for a bonfire. Jill had no wood for the fire. Marcus coincidentally brought over extra wood. Jill and her friends spent the night around the fire.
Doug slept with Tracy. Tracy slept with Mr Washington. Mr Washington slept with McKevin. Tracy, Doug, McKevin and Mr Washington went to the doctor. They used condoms and recieved clean bill of health.
Juan moved back in with his parents after losing his job. He was very upset that he had to move back in, so he felt very bad. He said sorry to his parents many many times. After agreeing to pay some rent he felt better with himself. When he finally was able to move out again he paid his parents back!
Carly got lost as she traveled from Vermont to New York. She reached for her GPS but realized she hadn't brought it. She pulled over a gas station and bought a road map. She got into her car and determined her route. She began to drive again, continuing her journey to New York.
Tina was invited to the prom. She did not know how to dance. Her father told her he would teach her. They practiced every night. Tina's date said she was the best dancer in the room.
Tom was going to get married. Everything was perfectly set up. He waited at the altar for a long time. His fiance never showed up. Tom had to cancel the wedding.
Marie caught a cold. She at dinner with Fred. She passed it on to Fred. Fred became ill. Fred cancelled his travel plans due to sickness.
We went to Starbucks in Watertown today for breakfast. I ordered a ham, egg and cheese sandwich. My wife had a Danish. We were very impressed by the food. We are going there again in the near future.
Lydia wants to have something nice to drink before bed. She decides on a glass of milk. She pours a large glass of milk and drinks it. Lydia feels much better. She is glad she drank the milk.
Levon sells cartoon balloons in the park. One Sunday, he met a young man. The young man said he wanted a balloon animal. Levon made the young man a balloon giraffe. The young man left the park overjoyed.
The woman had just bought a new car. The seller handed over the title. They each signed it. The woman couldn't believe it really belonged to her! She drove her new car off the lot, the title in her hand.
Mom decided to let Bobby and Jean color Easter eggs. She boiled the eggs for 10 minutes. The eggs needed to cool off before they could color them. Once the eggs were cooled, the kids began to color a dozen eggs. The eggs dried and then they hid the colored eggs for the hunt.
Laura wanted to go to a theme park with me one day. When we went to the theme park it was very sunny outside. She told me I should put on some sun screen but I thought it was fine. There was a very nice breeze outside so it wasn't very hot. After the theme park I noticed I had sunburn all over me!
Lisa loved to ride her bike in the summer while listening to music. One day she went out for a ride with her headphones in. The sun was warm and the music sounded amazing. The music was so good that she didn't hear the truck veering her way. She dodged the accident just in time.
A bird landed on Bea's front stoop. He tweeted loudly and flapped his wings. Bea came outside to see what the racket was. When she opened the door, the bird flew inside! Bea had to swat it with a broom to get it back outside.
Darla decided to make a casserole for dinner. She looked up the ingredients online. Darla went to the store to buy the things she did not have. It took her just an hour to prepare it in the slow cooker. After eating it, her family said it was their new favorite meal.
At magic kingdom I went on splash mountain. The ride was very scary. At first the ride was slow. But when we had the drops I was screaming. I didn't want to go back on it.
Connor was on vacation. He had rented a beach house on the ocean. There was a hurricane nearing the area. Connor had to evacuate. He was reimbursed part of his stay.
Kate was looking through her old school items. She found an old kaboodle box filled with mementos. Among them was her old school ID. In the picture her face was oily causing a glare on the film. She laughed until tears rolled down her cheek.
Max had a loose tooth. He wiggled it with his tongue at school. The tooth fell out at lunchtime. Max put his tooth under his pillow that night for the Tooth Fairy. When Max woke up the next morning, he found a shiny gold coin.
Tom ate out at a new restaurant. He first enjoyed his meal. Later in the night he got severely sick. Tom had to go to the hospital. It turned out he had food poisoning.
Tim was drafted into the army. He was sent off to war. Tim got injured his first tour. He was sent home. Tim was never the same again.
I got an iPad last week. I decided to buy a protector. I needed one for my screen. When I put it on my screen it looked great. I was pleased with it.
Hannah needed some new clothes. She decided to go to the mall. Hours went by before she was done shopping. At home, she looked at the charges on her credit card. She realized she needed to be more careful spending money.
Several alarms rang throughout my school. The principal made a message across the intercom. She told us to head to a safe spot and duck due to a nearby hurricane. The class ended up hiding for several minutes. Once the warning was cleared, class was finished.
Jane worked in a busy office every week from Monday to Friday. Her favorite part about her job was that she had weekends off. One day, her boss told her that he was taking her weekends off away. Jane was upset to lose her free time and favorite part of her job. She began her search for a new job the following day.
Mary decided to take a bath. She turned on water and sat into the tub. While she put shampoo on her hair she saw spider. She got scared. She run away from bathtub naked.
Kenny is a cook at a local Burger joint. Kenny's boss has been keeping his eye on him lately. Kenny has been slacking a bit lately. One day Kenny decides to mouth off to his boss. Kenny was fired for cursing in front of customers.
Tim's family had an Easter gathering. They hid eggs for all the kids. Some of them had surprises in them. The kids searched for several hours. It was great fun for everyone involved.
Dan was able to anything he tried. He baked a cake on his first try. He even got straight A's on his first report card. One day he failed at playing chess. He kept practicing until he was good at that too.
Our father used to take me and my brother fishing. My brother and I would inevitably get our fishing lines tangled. My father would have to stop fishing and help us. My father would get very angry and frustrated while helping. We soon learned to dread going fishing with our father.
Scout was a tiny puppy who loved to meet new people. She loved her next door neighbors most of all. On a walk one day she slipped out of her collar to go see them. The house was empty, but the garage was open. She ran inside, and Norm gave her a big smile and plenty of pats.
Greg was having repairs done on his house. The noise bothered his neighbor, Matt. Matt asked Greg to stop the repairs. Greg told Matt that the repairs needed to be done. Matt got angry and dumped a truck full of manure in Greg's yard.
Hillary was a hard working Woman. She was going to run for President. Hillary was going to defeat all the odds. Election day was drawing close and Hillary was ready. Hillary wins the election and becomes the first woman president.
Rufus has been single for a few months and he wants a girlfriend. One of his friends tells him that he needs to try using cologne. Rufus has never wanted to use cologne, so he tries a new deodorant. He loves the way the new deodorant make him smell. Rufus hopes his new smell will help him find a girlfriend.
Roger loves to go to Las Vegas often. He never went to gamble. He went because he liked to attend performances. Sometimes his brother would tag along. Usually it was just Roger though and that's how he liked it.
Margaret was swimming in debt. She couldn't keep up with all of her bills. Soon she was broke and she got evicted. She had to become homeless and go to a shelter. Luckily it was a couple of months before she got back on her feet.
Paul went camping with his family on a beach one summer. He spent all day in the water enjoying the waves and his friends. Out of nowhere he felt a sharp sting like a knife cut. I Portuguese Man-O-War had stung him and he was in a lot of pain. The only way to help the pain, his mom said was to pee on the sting!
Bill and Gary loved to surf, so they drove to the beach. While they were there, they waited all day for the biggest waves. Finally around 3pm, the waves were just right for surfing. Gary caught the biggest wave and performed a new trick. Bill had taken pictures and showed them to their parents that evening.
Tim was at McDonald's with his family. They bought him a happy meal. The meal came with a toy Tim already had. Tim asked if he could swap it out for something else. The employees gladly obliged.
Lila was freezing when she got home from the bus stop. It was the coldest day of the year. Her mom had a big mug of cocoa waiting for her. There were even little marshmallows in it! She could feel herself getting warmer as she drank it.
Neil heard of a special town one day from a book. He was so curious about it, but couldn't find it. His parents told him it was a fake town but he didn't believe them. He went to England where it was supposed to be and searched. He never found it though, but found another town to his liking.
Liz was sad because her dog died. She missed her dog every day. Liz's coworkers wanted to cheer Liz up. They gave her a card with a picture of her dog on it. Liz laughed because the picture was not of her dog.
There was one piece of cake left. Morgan knew this. So he devised a plan. He got up very early to eat it. A a result, he was the first one there.
Gina went into her grandpa's room. It was the first time she had been in there since he died. She looked at and picked up items from the dresser. She opened the drawers and cabinets and peeked inside. There stood the clothes she would never see him wear again.
Kenzie was a musician. She had just released her very first album of songs. One morning she heard from a friend that someone had reviewed her. She looked up the review online as fast as she could. Luckily, the review was great and she was so thrilled.
Fred decides that he needs to try more creative endeavors. He begins writing poetry. Fred writes a good poem. Fred shares his poem with friends. He is satisfied that he is trying more creative things.
Lulu wanted to take her daughter Avery shopping. At first she was rather hesitant about it. But Avery begged her for new shoes. Lulu finally caved in and agreed. When they were done she bought five pairs.
John noticed that he was developing foot fungus. He decided to see a doctor. The doctor told him to wear flip flops in the gym bathroom. Slowly John's foot fungus went away. Now he is happily fungus free.
I love to hike. I would hike every weekend. I decided to try a much longer hike. I hiked until I was injured. I ended up hiking for 500 miles.
Cody is on his ATV by himself. He hits a hill, and flips over the handlebars. A few hours pass and Cody is paralyzed and can't move. his parents finally come looking for him. He's hospitalized and paralyzed.
Allie needed a new makeup pallet. She got a cheap one at the store. When she got it she tried it on. All the sudden she got an allergic reaction. Allie was horrified.
The Johnson family wanted to take a family vacation. The family wanted to go to Disney world but knew it would be tough. The entire family decided to work together to save money. They all worked side jobs and saved money as much as possible. Within a year they were able to come up with enough money.
Ella saw that there was a new girl in class. No one else was talking to her. So at lunch, Ella went to sit with her. The new girl smiled gratefully at her. Ella felt proud of her kindness.
Tobias planned a big camping trip for the weekend. He asked his wife if she wanted to come, but she refused. So he ended up going there alone. While unloading his gear, he realized he forgot to pack his tent. He went back home deflated, but his wife was delighted to be with him.
Alice found someone's cell phone on the ground outside her school. She turned it into the school's lost and found office. Two weeks went by without anyone claiming the missing cell phone. Alice went back to the lost and found office to claim it for herself. Now Alice has a new cellphone.
Ted was nervous to visit the doctor. He was worried he may need a shot. The doctor came in and gave him an exam. At the end, he told Ted he wouldn't need a shot. Ted left feeling relieved and happy!
Tom bought a television a while back. It broke after he could return it to the store. Tom called the company. It was still under warranty and they offered a way to fix it. It wasn't the best option but Tom agreed.
Tony was meeting his girlfriend at a bar. He walked in through the door and saw his girlfriend at the counter. A man was hitting on his girlfriend. Tony's girlfriend was obviously annoyed. Tony showed up and told the guy to get away.
Ida went to the aquarium. She saw sting rays in the touch pool. She was afraid to touch them! But she reached her hand in cautiously. The stingrays were soft and not at all scary!
My friend asked if I can go out with her. I said yes and decided to hang out with her. Surprisingly, her ex-boyfriend showed up. She tried to make him mad by saying that we're together. She simply wanted to see me because she wanted to make him jealous.
Saul got into the elevator at his office building. The doors closed and the elevator started to move. Saul became anxious when the elevator stopped between floors. He had to use the emergency phone to call for help. The building manager got the elevator running again.
The moving van arrived promptly at nine o'clock. The movers carefully loaded the van with my valuables. Then they drove the van down a dusty and bumpy road. It seemed like hours before they finally arrived at my new home. The movers slowly unloaded the van and I was finally at my new home!
A man decided to open a landscaping company. He didn't know where to start, so he choose a name. After months of hard work getting a bank account and equipment. He began to build his clients, and started to hire new helpers. Years of hard work, his company is a corporation and he plays golf.
Suzy was pregnant. This was her first child. All the sudden her water broke. When she delivered the baby was beautiful. Suzy was happy to be a mom.
James didn't really like much about football. This confused a lot of people. This was because James lived right near Lambeau Field. His parents were huge cheeseheads, but James enjoyed dance more. As soon as he could, James moved away to study dance elsewhere.
I got a new phone one Christmas. It was called the juke. It flipped out sideways like a knife. I used to come up to people. I pretended my phone was a knife.
Billy was walking in the grass barefoot. He got a thorn in his foot. He screamed in pain. He tried to get it out but he couldn't. His mother finally pulled it out with tweezers.
Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand. He decided to learn how to write python code. At first it was very difficult, but eventually he learned mastered it. Soon after learning python, Gunther was hired by a local company. He was very happy that he had learned to code.
Eve wanted to dance for the opening scene in her school play. But she didn't know any dances! Then her neighbor Even offered to show her some steps. She practiced with him every day after school. When the play opened, everyone said she was a wonderful dancer!
Bill was starting his first day at his new job as a car salesman. The more experienced salesmen made fun of Bill. One of the older salesmen told Bill he should just go home. The teasing and mockery filled Bill with determination. Bill sold more cars that day than any other salesman at the lot.
Alicia went to the fair with her boyfriend. They decided to go on the scariest ride. But the scariest part of all was when the ride broke down. Alicia couldn't not believe it. She freaked out and started to cry and could not believe her luck.
Marie was having a hard time deciding what her costume would be. She kept browsing Amazon to see if there was anything in her budget. At first it was really hard trying to find the perfect costume. Finally after many days of searching she had found the perfect one. She ordered a raver zombie costume that was on sale.
Once there was a man who was a bodybuilder. This man's diet was very strict and he had to eat and exercise lots. One day, he hurt his back and could no longer work out. His appetite did not change, and he continued to eat a lot of food. The man got so fat that he was the fattest man alive.
My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises. After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it. When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries. But she cannot even lift them off the floor. This always makes me feel very strong for some reason.
Tom was out hunting with friends. He was drunk and needed to pee. He forgot to put his reflective vest on. A friend accidentally shot him thinking it was an animal. Tom had to be rushed to a hospital.
Greg was moving into a new house. He was moving a heavy mirror. It fell and shattered. Greg thought he was going to have bad luck now. He wondered if this new house was a good decision.
Fred invited Lucy it the movies. He asked her on a date. She said yes. Fred then kissed her. It was their first kiss.
Jonas did not make a lot of money. He met Laurice. Laurice made a lot of money. Jonas was jealous of Laurice. So Jonas tried to take Laurie's money.
Rob decided to buy a new car. He shopped online for many months. He finally decided on the type of car he would like to purchase. Rob visited a local dealership. He was happy to purchase the car he wanted that very day!
Teresa liked the desert life. To live in the hot warm sun. But the one thing she hated was cacti. So she found a part of the desert with no cacti. The only bad thing is no other plants want to grow there either.
Kyle was blind on one eye and had been since birth. His doctor scheduled him for an experimental surgery. Kyle went under the anesthetic so hopefully! When he awoke, he blinked groggily - and grinned. He could see blurry but definite vision from BOTH eyes!
Wendy was the top fighter. Everyone betted on her winning the match against Karly Wendy ended up losing. Everyone who betted for Karly won a lot of money. Wendy lost her title.
Tom was going to climb mountains with friends. He was afraid he would fall. He never climbed mountains before. His friends had him practice for a whole month. When the time came, Tom climbed the mountain like a champ.
Emily was at the skating rink with her friends. All of her friends took off skating but she couldn't move. She realized that something was stuck on her break. She went to the attendants and asked for help. Soon she had a working pair of skates.
Lucy used to go to this Italian place after work with her friends. This place has the best pasta icy had ever had. All her friends loved that place, and the prices were decent too! The Italian place closed down due to health concerns. Noe Lucy and her friends have to find a new place.
Tim went to the ATM. He needed to withdraw money for the weekend. He insert his debit card. The machine would not dispense his money. Tim called up support and was able to get his money after a few hours.
Amy asked her mother for money to buy Christmas gifts. Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy. When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money. Amy decided she needed to get a job. She spent 5 hours filling out applications online.
Jane was going out. She decided to wear high heels. They looked great. Unfortunately they were too uncomfortable. Jane had to go home early.
Tom was trying to order a pizza. He called it in for pick up. When he went to pick it up they didn't have it for him. Tom realized he called the wrong number. He made the order at a further away location.
The man fell from the roof. He landed in the bushes. The bushes broke his fall. He got up and checked for injuries. He was all right except for some cuts.
Cliff meets an amazing woman at a costume party. They talk for hours and he gets her number. He doesn't dare call her because he is insecure about his looks. But his friends convince him to set up a date with her. It turns out she likes him even after she learns he's not handsome.
Mara was unhappy with her appearance since turning 40. She hired a personal trainer to try and get in better shape. She went to the spa and also to the hair stylist's. She also splurged on some stylish new clothing. The changes Mara made improved her appearance and her mood.
Tim was working on his car. He was putting in a screw in a tight engine area. Tim accidentally dropped it. He spent a long time using magnets to find it. Unfortunately it was never seen again.
Mike and Laura wanted to buy a new house for their growing family. They contacted a real estate agent. The agent helped them find a nice neighborhood with good schools. They found a nice house on a quiet street and bought it. They moved in and enjoyed their new home.
My dad told me that he wanted to teach me to drive. He took me to the driveway and I climbed into the driver's seat. After showing me how the vehicle works, he told me to back up. While trying to back up, I lost control and felt a sudden jerk. My dad and I ran out of the car and saw that I hit our mailbox.
The kids were at the beach. The were walking along the shoreline. As they walked the waves crashed. Each time the waves hit, they jumped over them. They loved jumping the waves.
Nita was terrified to fly. She trembled as she boarded the plane. She closed her eyes during liftoff. But then she opened her eyes and looked around. She saw that flying wasn't so bad, after all!
Robin is sixty Year's old and ready to retire. She looks at her options to see if she can retire. She is ready but if she works five more Year's she'll have more money. Her pension plan will have almost double the amount if she waits. Robin decides to tough it out for five more Year's.
Megan was riding the bus to school. She was so tired that she began rubbing her eyes. At school she went to the bathroom to freshen up. Then she realized her eye makeup had become smeared. She washed it all off and resigned herself to going without it.
After math class today, I was approached by a creepy kid. I've only talked to him once, but he decided to ask me out. I politely declined because I wasn't interested in him. He took this as an affront and got very angry at me. He stormed out of class and called me a friend-zoning bitch.
Adrienne took her three kids to the grocery store. She took the 2 youngest and put them in a cart. Her oldest son was suppose to help her put items in the cart. All he did was wander around and ask for things. Adrienne left the store very frustrated.
Ed had chest pains. He went to the doctor right away. The doctor examined him. Then he proclaimed that Ed had a coronary thrombosis. Ed had to enter the hospital immediately!
Chase dropped his cell phone. The phone didn't break. Chase decided he needed a phone case. He bought a heavy duty case. The phone never broke when he dropped it.
I once decided to prank my older brother. I hid under his bed just before he came in to bed down for the night. He crawled into his bed with me beneath it. I began softly groaning, scratching the underside of his bed frame. My brother bolted up, making a dash to the door with lightning speed!
Tanya was hanging out with her friends during a football game. One of her friends was a big smoker and pulled one out. He offered some to all of the friends in the group. Tanya was the only one who said no, and everyone made fun of her. Reluctantly she accepted a cigarette and smoked it, feeling sick.
I used to be employed as a Roadside Assistance Agent. The job was very rewarding at times. I was able to assist people with auto emergencies. Most of my dispatched calls were flat tires. I only quit Roadside Assistance because I wasn't making enough money.
Joanie decided to go for a drive one day. On her journey, she ran out of gas. An elderly couple kindly drove her to a gas station. She felt grateful. On the way back to her car, she gave them five dollars.
Tanya was trying to teach her son to draw a lion. She helped him dip his finger in paint and draw a circle. He wouldn't stop going rogue and making scribbles. For a moment Tanya got upset, but then she calmed down. She decided to give him space to express himself.
Robert has a new job. He is supposed to be at the office by 8 AM. Robert overslept because his alarm clock malfunctioned. He drove very fast to the office. Robert barely made it to the office on time.
Sam was taking out the trash. On the way there the bag broke. Trash went everywhere. Sam took a long time cleaning it back up. He decided to buy stronger bags next time.
Tim and his wife were about to host their first new years party. The couple was excited to invite people to their new condo. Once the guests arrived, they tried the catered appetizers. The food was delicious and the couple chatted with their friends. Once the clock struck midnight, the couple had a new year's kiss.
Charles feels alone in a cruel world. The reason why is he read a book about republican politics. They tore down the World Trade Center before. They also had a crooked ring called The Syndicate. Charles realized nine-eleven was an inside job and felt so alone.
BYU and Utah were playing football. It was a hard fought game. Buy was down by 7 near the end if the game. BYU scored a touchdown with 18 seconds left. They went for two points, missed it and lost the game.
I went through the drive thru yesterday. I wanted a happy meal. I chose one for a boy just to give the toy to my son. They gave me a transformer french fry. I thought it was very cute.
Kaitlyn's daughter threw her cell phone in the toilet. She attempted to dry it in a bag rice. Next, she took it to a repair shop to get fixed. No matter where she tried, no one was able to fix it. She opted on buying a new iPhone in the end.
Suzy just turned twenty one. Hence she wanted to try some wine. It tasted rather good she thought. She ended up buying a few bottles. She drank it with her family.
One day a man in Florida realized his pet python had got to big. So the man released his python into the wild. That python found another Python and they had a lot of baby pythons. Now there are thousands of pythons in Florida. Alligators in Florida now fight with these Pythons.
Our city put pianos out all over town for people to play. I was downtown and saw a homeless man begin to play. He played as well as any concert pianist I had ever heard. When he finished, he picked up all his worldly possessions. Walking back to the anonymity of his life.
Samantha was really interested in drawing. She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work. She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see. People were amazed by her work. She sold a few of her paintings for a few thousand dollars.
Every Friday, the school kids got a treat. It was Pizza Day! They could order whatever kind they wanted. The kids looked forward to it all week. They rushed to the lunchroom for first dibs.
Jackson is tired of spending all day in his small apartment. He decides to find something to do. He walks to the local pool hall and plays a few games. Jackson makes new friends while playing pool. He decides he will try to spend less time in his apartment alone.
Molly owed her sister money. She wanted to give her sister cash. Molly wanted to go to the nearest back to get cash. She called the bank to find the nearest branch. Molly got the cash for her sister.
Eloise has been opening the pet store for over a year. She usually got to work on time. One day she forgot to set her alarm at 4am. She had overslept. Her manager gave her a last warning.
It was all on the line for a trip to the Olympics. Josephine stood on the starting blocks ready. The gun went off and she flew. Out of the corner of her eye she could see the other runners. Aiming to beat them, she surged across the finish line in first place.
Jon noticed a wild hare in his yard one night. The next night, he set out a few carrots for it. To his delight, the hare returned to eat! From then on, Jon fed his new friend every night. He loved watching the furry little hare!
Han read that bottled water shouldn't be stored in direct sunlight. But he did not think it would cause any problems. So he left his cases of bottled water near the window. One week later, he decided to drink a bottle of water. And the next day, he became sick.
Mark was going to the store. His wife called him to bring back milk. Mark forgot to get the milk. He realized halfway home that he forgot the milk. Mark stopped at another store to pick up the milk for his wife.
Jim and his family loves playing games. The played separate games on separate laptops. Jim decided they should all play one game together. The took turns playing Tetris. They had more fun than ever playing together.
Sally's mouth hurt. She'd gone to the dentist to get her teeth whitened. It had hurt her gums a lot! Her dentist told her to brush gently for a few days. She was in a lot of pain!
Lesley protested when Max brought home the little orange kitten. She reminded him she never had liked cats. He sadly agreed he would find it another home. Despite herself, Lesley couldn't help but be charmed by the animal. Eventually she gave in, realizing she didn't dislike cats after all.
I took my dog for a walk. Alas, my dog was feeling lazy. I had to practically drag him for the entire walk. Suddenly, he spotted a dog in the distance. He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead!
Julie wanted to attend her best friend Halloween Party. Her parents disagreed. She sneaked out anyway. Julie was caught by her parents sneaking back into her room. Julie is now grounded for a month.
Trevor never did anything remotely risky in his life. That's why he decided to try bungy jumping for the first time. He set out to the bridge where they offered jumps. He paid for the jump and got suited. Unfortunately, Trevor could not jump and went home dejected.
Paul really wanted a truck driving job he had been offered. The only problem was that his blood pressure was a bit above normal. The doctors had to try three types of medication for Paul. The third one was successful at bringing his blood pressure down. Paul was able to accept the job and start earning good money.
Ida used the bathroom one morning before anyone else woke. Then she reached for the toilet paper. To her horror, the roll was empty! Ida had to wait an hour until her brother woke up. He laughed when she alerted him to her plight.
Sarah's mom took Sarah to the park. Sarah ran to the curly slide. Sarah went down the side. When Sarah jumped off, her clothes were wet. The rain from the night before had gotten on Sarah.
Kevin needed to get a new cell phone. His older one had broken. He went online and compared different ones. He found one he liked on sale. He bought it and received it within days.
Ann likes to play the violin. Her friend asked her to provide violin lessons. Ann tried to teach her friend how to play the violin. Her friend was not very good at it. Ann told her friend she shouldn't try to play the violin.
Jeff's friend Maude invited him to her art studio. At the studio, Maude asked Jeff for some help. Maude said that her dad's girlfriend was pretending to be kidnapped. Maude asked Jeff to help her uncover the truth. Jeff agreed to help Maude.
Bill is an avid Metro train user. As Bill was watching the news, Bill saw a disturbing headline. The headlines stated that the train would be out of service for a day. Bill decided to call the Metro for confirmation of the story. Unfortunately, the Metro confirmed the news, and Bill was horrified.
I had not talked to my parents for a while. I picked up the phone and called them. It was awkward, but good to hear from them. I talked to them about regular life stuff. I hung up later and watched television.
Tina bought a cute new pet. It was a puppy! She bought it a collar and bowl and toys. She loved going home every night to snuggle with it. Tina loved her puppy more than anything!
Lilly is visiting the beach for the first time in her life. Once on the beach, Lilly stops in amazement at the vast ocean. She spent most of the day walking around. She saw a family applying sunblock to their kids. At the end of the day, Lilly was sunburn due to not using sunblock.
Harry was preparing vegetables for dinner one day. He turned the faucet on to wash some lettuce. The faucet started to rumble and water spewed from the handle. Harry quickly turned off all the water and called a plumber. The plumber fixed the pipe but it cost over 500 dollars.
Skateboarding has always been held dear to me since I was 14. Every night I'd go out past my curfew and just ride until I collapsed. Nothing could stop me from pursuing my dreams of becoming a pro. Until one day, I did a trick and landed badly on my knee. I had to have a knee replacement, and there went my dreams.
Trevon checked his smartphone and saw a new message from his girl. He had just finished work and was walking to his car so he checked it. She had sent him a suspicious list of grocery pickup requests. Despite being tired Trayvon got everything to make chicken noodle soup. Trevon got home to found his girl laying down sick so he made the soup.
Anna's daughter wanted a bedtime story. But she was sick of all her books. So Anna made up a story. She told her daughter the story as she invented it. Her daughter said it was the best story ever!
Chelsea was talking to the manager. The manager worked at a wedding chapel. Chelsea was trying to schedule a date for her wedding. Nothing seemed to be working out. Chelsea took out her rage on the woman and stabbed her 27 times.
Olga dreaded the cost associated with the new school year starting. Her children went to a school that had a uniform requirement. She measured her children and determined their sizes. Olga found that some children could wear uniforms she already had. She only bought uniforms for the biggest kids.
Tom was a UFC fighter. He had just been in a close match. They had to have the judges pick a winner. Everyone disagreed with their choice. Tom felt cheated and demanded a rematch.
John's twin boys were getting ready for bed. John heard a rumble from their upstairs bathroom. John sprinted up the stairs to see what was going on. One of the boys had toothpaste all over him. John put both boys in time out, but he chuckled at the mess they made.
I was a data entry clerk. My job was boring. I decided to have fun by listening to music while working. Alas, I forgot to put in my headphones. The whole office heard me listening to Celine Dion classics!
My phone charger died. This is the third one that had broken. I feel like they are so cheap. I am sick of buying new ones. I may just switch brands.
Samantha wanted a treat. She made a mug of hot cocoa. She took a sip eagerly. Then, she burned her tongue. She had to run cold water on it to reduce the pain.
James was running before work. His knee started to hurt. He felt a sharp pain go down his leg. James had to walk back to his home. He had to take the rest of the week off from running.
Selena got a shiny new scooter for Christmas. She raced it down the driveway in front of her house. This time, she left the kickstand down, and didn't realize it. She put her foot down to kick, and the kickstand stabbed her. She began to bleed but her mom was there to help clean the wound.
Their grandfathers, generations ago, had built the church. The stone had come from the quarry over the hill. It was the first building in town, and now was to be demolished. The townsfolk demanded how such a heinous act could be approved. The suggestion they donate so it could remain was met with silence.
My front walkway froze overnight. It was icy and I slipped a little. I decided to drive to the store and buy salt. I salted the walkway. It's now safer to walk since the salt melted the ice.
Every evening, Sam played football with his friends. One day, Sam's football was stolen by the neighborhood bully. Sam thought that his days of playing football were over. A nice man came along and gave Sam a brand new football. Now, Sam has a football that is better than ever.
Dean is playing a game of basketball. His team is down just one bucket. The ball is passed to dean. Dean takes the shot. He makes it and wins the game for his team.
Timothy was looking for a new watch. His old one had broken and he needed to replace it. Timothy made a trip to a department store and looked at the watches. He found one he liked and bought it. Timothy really liked his new watch a lot.
Since Cruz was born he was allergic to many things. He couldn't eat peanuts, fish or eggs. This made it difficult for Cruz to try new foods. His mother began taking him to get allergy shots. Cruz had his first peanut butter and jelly sandwich at 9 years old.
Anna applied bleach to color her roots. Then she went to watch TV. But she lost track of time! She left the bleach on for far too long. Her roots ended up much lighter than the rest of her hair!
My daughter got this toy dog for her birthday that barks all day long. It was fine at first. It didn't bother me. But one day we went on a long road trip. Let's just say the dog didn't make it back from that trip.
Adam loves spaceships. He was on his way to Port Canaveral to see a live spaceship launch. Upon arrival, he found a space where he could see clearly. As the countdown began Adam got extremely excited. Adam was in awe that he got to witness a live spaceship launch.
Brenda loved learning. She went to a new museum to learn about history. The exhibits were great! She especially loved learning about the Civil War. Brenda felt smarter after her visit.
When Tiffany was 17, she got a job at a nursing home. She only worked in Dietary but she loved it. Tiffany especially loved taking care of the residents. Tiffany wanted to do more and decided to go to school for nursing. Four Years later, Tiffany graduated and loved her job as a nurse.
Kate's friend Sue sat at a desk behind her. When her teacher wasn't looking they turned to each other to talk. They giggled and whispered and tried to be quiet. But their teacher caught them and gave them dirty looks. Kate turned around in a huff and finished her assignment.
Valerie invited her family over for Thanksgiving dinner. She put a turkey in the oven. After the timer went off Valerie took the turkey out. The turkey was golden brown and beautiful. Valerie's uncle carved the turkey for everyone to eat.
The boy was playing in the yard. But then it started to rainy. The boy's mother called for him to come inside. The boy still wanted to play. The boy decided to play video games instead.
Janet was not a cat person until one night. She heard a soft mewing as she walked to her car. Looking down, she saw a small shivering kitten. Picking up the kitten, it licked her hand. Janet smiled placing the kitten in her car.
Po's internet wasn't working. So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus. But his antivirus software was no help. His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software. And when Po used his computer next, the internet was working again.
During the last Christmas time we had family portraits done. We went to the local photographer's studio. Our portraits came out better than we could have imagined. While walking by the studio today, I saw our portraits in the window. The photographer said it was one of the best portraits he ever did.
The Golden State Warriors were a basketball team that always lost. Year after year they would lose until the 2015 season. They acquired many great players for this season who would perform. After a while, it looked like the warriors would be the best team. In the end, they won the world championship!
Tim was playing in his backyard. He found a deep hole. He told his family about it. They didn't let Tim play near it while they investigated. It turned out to be an old well.
Jennifer was at the fair. She had bought a cute pink balloon. Suddenly, the wind blew it out of her hand. She tried her hardest to catch it. But unfortunately it flew away.
It was two weeks before Prom Day and Tom still hasn't acquired a date. Tom couldn't stand thinking of attending prom alone so he opted out. Suddenly, a storm crept by the city and the school was in lockdown. Tom heard that a tornado has swept by the prom location! Tom started to smile as school officials announced prom was canceled.
Emma was about to turn 13 years old. Emma's mom said she would buy her a new purse for her birthday. This would be her first purse so she was excited. Emma started to search online. She found the perfect purse and got it for her birthday.
Joe is playing in a game of soccer. He is a very good player. The game is tied and someone needs to score. Joe gets through the defense. Joe shoots and he scores a goal!
Andy got new running shoes. He tried them on a run. He got bad blisters. He returned the shoes. He got a different size of the same shoe.
I went on vacation to Miami. Someone stole my luggage at the bus station. Then I lost my wallet. I decided to just go home. Once I got home I realized that this was where I belonged.
Jessie had always wanted to go to a hockey game. She finally decided to buy tickets. Before she bought tickets, she heard about a contest on the radio. As she was on her way to work, the contest winners were announced. Jessie had won six tickets to the next game.
Lisa went to a concert. It was a free for all. Ultimately she got good seats. She was happy about that. She got a good view.
Nick had several boxes of documents to destroy. He tried a shredder, but it became jammed. Nick did the only other thing he could. He tossed the documents into his backyard fire pit. Nick set fire to them.
I tuned in to watch some television shows. However, there were no interesting channels on. Instead of waiting for a good channel to come, I took off the TV. I tried to exercise in the gym. A few friends came and we had a good time.
Ala was at a fine restaurant. Her dad dared her to try escargot. Ala was grossed out, but she agreed. When they arrived she took a tentative bite. Her face wrinkled - they were disgusting!
Terry and her friend were having fun. They had decided to hike up a hill near her house. The hill had lots of cool plants growing on it. They made their way through a makeshift path. The view at the top was gorgeous.
The man took his shirt off. He went for a run outside. Some girls on the street whistled at him. He didn't like that kind of attention. The next day he ran his shirt on.
Andy's loves to hike. He went for a hike on a trail near his home. He decided to stop following the trail. Andy got lost in the forest. A park ranger found him and brought him home.
Pete tried to be careful with the glass of grape juice. He wasn't supposed to bring beverages into the TV room. He thought he would get away with it -- until he spilled the drink! He cleaned the rug as best he could, but his mom noticed the stain. Pete lost his allowance and TV privileges as punishment.
One night I was feeling pretty down. My boyfriend I had broken up. I decided to take the garbage out that night. As I approached the night sky a bright rainbow shimmered through. I instantly felt hopeful in-spite of what was happening.
Allison and Ken went dancing that night to celebrate their engagement. But as soon as they arrived at the nightclub, Ken ignored her. He danced with all the girls before he returned to Allison. At the end of the night, she threw the new sparkling ring in his face. And she left with her pride intact while his ego was slashed.
Will's grandfather had his 100th birthday coming up. Will wanted to do something really special for this event. Will flew his grandfather out from California. Will had as many of his grandfather's old friends fly out too. Will threw the biggest party his grandfather had ever seen!
Kyle had made a pair of wheels to help his injured cat move around. A friend saw the wheels and asked Kyle to make some for their dog. Kyle was happy to oblige. The dog's life was really improved by the wheels Kyle had made. It made Kyle happy to help out two animals who needed it.
Will wanted to propose to his girlfriend, Elle. Will asked Elle's father and received his permission. Will then made reservations at the best restaurant in town. Will picked up Elle and wined and dined her. Then when Will popped the question, Elle cried and said yes.
Cynthia loved to play baseball a lot. One day, she realized that she was very good. She took the sport seriously and practiced every day. One day, she was approached by a pro team. Now, Cynthia gets payed to play baseball.
Kara was invited to a karaoke night with her friends. She was hesitant because she was shy. But she agreed to go and have a few drinks. Then her friends convinced her to sing onstage with them! Kara was embarrassed, but enjoyed herself immensely!
Minh was born in Eastern Asia and never had parents. She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage. Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple. They showered her with gifts and love. Minh is sure she's now the happiest child in the world!
Karen was going to bake cupcakes for her daughter's party. She couldn't find the cupcake tin. Karen only had a few hours before the party. Karen decided to make a regular cake instead. She served the cake for the party.
Bobby was not an especially good batter. He was okay at third base so his team usually played him. On the last game of the season he was up at bat. He swung and the ball hit the sweet spot. Bobby had hit his first homerun.
Yesterday I was baking a cake. The recipe called for two cups of flour. As I began to pour it in the cups, disaster happened. Flour spilled everywhere. I then spent ten minutes cleaning it up.
Jennifer was helping her mother by washing and drying the dishes. She was not paying attention to her job very well. The plate as she was trying to dry slipped out of her hands. When it hit the floor it broke into several large pieces. Jennifer swept up the shards and promised to be more careful.
For my twentieth birthday, my friends decided to surprise me. I was on my way to lunch from church and they kidnapped me! The covered my face and stuffed me in a car. When I arrived to the party I almost cried from their kindness. It was the best birthday I've had.
Kelly was 15 and pregnant, and couldn't raise a baby. She didn't want to abort it, but she knew she couldn't keep it. She decided her best choice was adoption. It was hard, but she found a very loving couple. Kelly was proud of herself for doing what was best for her baby.
On Thursday, Jennifer always gets groceries for the weekend. This Thursday, Jennifer woke up feeling very sick. She decided to stay at home and could not go get groceries. She did not have any food to eat while sick! She asked her friend, Greg, to bring food to her house.
Jake really wanted to make the track team. Jake trained all summer long. He watched his diet and worked out very hard. Jake did his very best at tryouts at the beginning of the school year. He made the team!
I woke up. I realized I was late for work. I quickly got ready and went to the office. My boss was angry and refused to give me a promotion. I realized I needed to be better about being on time to work.
Once, there lived a brother and sister who lost their family. They were so sad. They prayed for a sign that their parents were watching them. One day, they went to the beach. When they heard the ocean's song, they knew their parents were there.
Lucy had to make a speech for her class. She was very nervous. Lucy was afraid she would mess up. When she got up on stage she was shaking. Thankfully she did okay.
We had a facetime session with our granddaughter last week. She is two years old. It was so hot in NYC her mom and dad stayed in one room. Our granddaughter refused to talk to us, as she was bored. My wife was not pleased.
One day jim found a phone number in a book. It was written in the cover. He called the number hoping to speak to someone. The phone rang and rang. He hung up because nobody answered the phone.
John was at the pool with his cousins. Suddenly someone threw a water balloon sparking a fight. Everyone was attacking each other with water. John decided to leave the pool. Luckily, he managed to get out without getting hit.
Amy wore her favorite shoes to her birthday party. While at the party she realized while pretty, her shoes hurt her feet. Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile. Amy put her shoes on the side of her chair. Amy was shocked when her shoes were stolen.
A city held a special election for a bond initiative. They wanted to raise money to build a new high school. On election day, the paltry few interested voters cast their votes. The ballots proved confusing, however. When they were all counted, Pat Buchanan had somehow won.
The harbor master was worried about a small boat that was in trouble. He called the Coast Guard to get their help. The Coast Guard sent a cutter to help the small boat. Afterwards, the Coast Guard called the harbor master to report to him. They said that the small boat was fine, so the harbormaster felt fine.
Jeff saw an ad online for custom made furniture. He emailed the company and described to them what he wanted. Within two hours the company emailed him back. He was told that the man who made the furniture had passed away. Jeff was disappointed but he found some stuff at Ikea.
Tammy loved dirt biking with the boys on lonely dirt roads. One day, she decided to enter the local race that was coming up. She bought new gear and new tires for her bike. She practiced day and night for a month straight. Tammy won the race and had the fastest race time.
We all load up the van. Everyone gets comfortable for the trip. Adam then turns on the movie for the kids. I text Ginnie to tell her we our on our way. When we reach our destination my step-daughter is there waiting on us.
Dan always wanted to see if he could make the most spicy curry ever. He traveled to India to study curry ingredients and techniques. After many Year's of study he came home to make his spicy curry. Dan took one bite and couldn't eat any more. He decided that any curry that spicy was not very appetizing.
Julie wants to find a way to volunteer. She learns of a local group that plants trees on weekends. She joins the group and spends a weekend afternoon planting trees. She feels great about doing something good for the environment. Julie is happy that she found a way to volunteer.
Tom was very cold in his apartment. He put on extra clothes. He was still very cold. He turned up the heater. He felt much better with the heater turned up.
Julie was late for work yesterday. She had to speed to work to get there on time. On her way she got into an accident. Thankfully, it was just a small fender bender. She learned that speeding was not worth it.
During recess the kids at Joe's school played dodgeball. Joe was playing and was the last man standing on his team. Three more players were on the other team. Joe got all three out to win the game. Everyone in his team were chanting Joe's name.
Tim joined his school's swim team. He loved swimming. Tim practiced often on his own. He quickly became the best on his team. He won several championships.
Amy's job had a great discount. There were people who worked there just for the discount. Amy met a co-worker she had never seen before. The co-worker told Amy she only worked during the holidays. It shocked Amy to find out the woman got to use the discount all year.
Kat had poured herself a glass of wine. She was walking to the living room to settle down. The loud bark of a dog outside startled Kat. She dropped the wine glass on the floor. The glass broke and Kat had to clean up the mess.
Jan and Hal went on a three week vacation to New Zealand. While they were there they used a shuttle service to get around. One day the shuttle dropped them at the address they had given. They soon discovered the address was wrong and found themselves lost. Eventually a nice woman named Nan helped Hal and Jan find their cabin.
Becky was a very bright girl who loved being a cheerleader. Her best friend Sara said what she was doing was demeaning to women. Her other friend Kate said cheerleaders were stupid. However, Becky believed that cheerleading was a very athletic and fun sport. Becky decided to ignore her downbeat friends!
Ann walked to her car in a large empty parking lot at night. Suddenly, a stranger appeared several steps behind her. Alarmed, And began walking more briskly as she moved toward her car. She fumbled in her coat pocket for the key fob. She slipped into the car just as the stranger walked past.
Lucy missed the end of a movie. She decided she wanted to see it before someone spoiled it. She asked her grandpa to take her Blockbuster to rent the movie. He was simply too busy to take her. Lucy was upset because she really wanted to see the end of the movie.
Beth and Dan were married 10 years. Dan announced he would be moving out. Beth didn't want to be alone. She begged Dan to stay. Dan left Beth alone on her knees in the doorway.
Every night Ella heard the train whistle, high and lonesome. One day she decided to see where it went. She rode her bike for miles along the tracks alone. When she ended up downtown, she turned to head back. She hadn't known how far she was from home!
Kara decided to enhance her thin blonde eyelashes. She decided to start wearing mascara. At first it was clumpy and left marks on her brows and eyelids. But soon she got the hang of applying it. Soon Kara's lashes were thick and dramatic and lush!
The old man who greeted people outside CVS quit his job. Tim was a worker at CVS. His manager asked him if he wanted the man's job. It payed better so Tim took it. Tim hated being outside and went back to his old job.
Candace was in the middle of a very tennis match. The score was tied and the crowd was tense. She served the ball. The ball shot like lightning. It was an ace and helped Candace to win.
In 1982, my coworkers Tommy and Barbara dated. They ended up in a relationship. One day they had a fight in the office. Barbara threw hot coffee at Tommy. They were sent home for the day.
Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.
Kay was downtown on business and needed things for the house. There was a Target downtown so she decided to stop there. She was not happy to have to pay $3 for parking. In the store everything was more expensive than the store by her home. Kay decided to avoid this store from now on.
Joan's family went on an African safari. They saw many types of wild animals like elephants and zebras. A rhinoceros came very close to hitting their car! Luckily it didn't cause them any harm. Joan's family liked the safari so much that they booked a second trip!
Carl is scared of swimming. Carl doesn't know how to swim. A friend went with Carl to the pool to teach him. Carl almost drowned and his friend saved him. Carl vowed to never go swimming again.
Terry wanted to quit his meth addiction. He decided to buy some for one last time. Suddenly a cop pulls him over. The cop finds his drugs and confiscates it. They send terry off to jail.
Joseph was getting ready for his wife's birthday. He was blowing up balloons when suddenly they stopped working. He examined the faulty balloon and saw that it was misshapen. Further search revealed that almost all of them were messed up. Joseph called the store demanding a refund on the balloons.
Greg was approaching his first day as a college professor. He was nervous and hoped to have a great class. On the first day, he realized that his students were just as nervous. So, he decided to crack a couple of jokes at the beginning of class. His jokes broke the ice and relaxed himself and his class.
Tom was out with friends. His mom didn't set a curfew but called to check in on him. She told him that she was waiting up for him. Tom felt bad about the situation. He decided to go home at a reasonable time.
Josh loved to climb mountains. One day he was climbing and as he was about to descend he lost grip. He could not unhook his harness and was dangling from this rock. As he was in the air, a chipmunk bit his finger. Josh ended up falling and had to be rescued.
Ben and Mischa had a housewarming party. Many of their friends brought gifts. Ben opened a box that was a toaster. Meisha opened a box that was a toaster identical to Ben's. They laughed about the duplicate gifts.
Eddie saw a commercial for a part of town called Sodosopa. He didn't know what it meant or where it was. He called his friend and asked. His friend told him it's a new place in south downtown. He went with his friend downtown and had dinner.
Julie was a vlogger online. She posted many videos of her day to day life. One day she had a baby and she posted the video. To her surprise it received more views than she had ever seen. She thanked everyone for checking the video out.
Nicole and Michael were playing with the trailer gate. Suddenly, the gate fell on Nicole's head. She was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance. The doctor's examined her and said she be fine. Nicole and her parents were happy she wasn't injured badly.
I am a qualified educational interpreter in ASL. I moved to a new area and have been looking for interpreting work. Not having found any, and needing money, I started a different job. My new job started last week. Today my coworker told me about an interpreting job opening up.
Tanya went to school with a guy named, Clem. Clem started sending her inappropriate Facebook messages daily. She forcefully told him to stop or he would be sorry. The messages got worse. She sent a copy of the messages to his boss, who fired him.
My sister and I drove to the beach yesterday. We got in the car and drove for one hour to the boardwalk. Once we got there, I changed into my swimsuit. We swam and played in the water for the entire day. After we finished, we ate burgers and went home.
Tim and his friends were going to a party. There were a lot of people riding together. They arrived at the house but it was surprisingly quiet. Everyone tried to walk into the backyard. It was the wrong address and they all got kicked out.
Lucy woke up ready for breakfast. She asked her grandmother if she could have some leftover cake. She wasn't allowed to have the cake for breakfast. Grandma placed a bowl and a box of cereal on the table. Lucy stared at the cake as she ate her cereal.
Stacy went to her friend's house. Her friend could not have dairy. When it came to dessert, Stacy felt deprived. Then her friend gave her cashew milk ice cream. Surprisingly Stacy loved it.
Bert dreamed of being able to write and read. He went to the local community center and asked for help. He found other people like him who had the same dream. And every day they worked together to improve their skill. A year later, they all could read the paper and write a letter.
Dan told Mario he wasn't his rival. Mario disagreed. They fought on the hard asphalt. Dan punched Mario until he stopped fighting. Mario never fought with Dan again.
Alex used a profanity at school one day. When he got home, his mom was really mad at him. She told him to go to the kitchen. Then, she made him open his mouth and swallow soap. Alex hated it, and learned not to use those words again.
Amy had a new job at Marshall's She was excited to find out what her duties were. She was told she would be working in the stockroom. She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor. Amy was happy her job seemed like it would be easy.
Francine had always dreamed of being a fashion designer. Her family told her not to leave her low-risk accounting job. However, Francine decided to go to night classes to learn design. Francine worked very hard and eventually became a fashion designer. She was so proud that she followed her dreams.
Ana didn't need to read about the heatwave in the paper. All she needed to do was open her door to feel it. Ana decided she was going to do something about it. She grabbed her bikini and went right down to the local pool. Ana dived into the warm water and felt great relief from the heat.
Nelly bought a smartphone but had no clue how to use it. She read the instructions but they didn't help. She called a phone representative but still she didn't understand. She went to see her nephew who was only six years old. And he showed her how to use her phone.
Cynthia was throwing her best friend a surprise baby shower. She organized the whole thing. She had gotten all of the guests together in one place. Then, she had them hide. When her friend appeared, they jumped out and surprised her.
Ronald never thought that he would go to college. After high school he had gotten a job at a local restaurant. However, one day he decided to apply for classes at a college. He was admitted to take classes at the school. Ronald felt proud that he finally was going to college.
Tom broke his leg and was in the hospital for a while. After Tom healed he went to therapy. At first he felt discouraged because therapy was difficult. Then after a while therapy became easier for Tom. After finishing therapy he was able to start hiking again.
My daughter's best friend just got pregnant. Her father was thrilled. He posted a video on Facebook. He mispronounced his daughter's married name. She was not amused, as all her friends saw the video.
Wendy drove to the pier. She sat down at the end of the pier. She stared at the ocean and waited for whales to show up. A whale jumped out of the water and it was enormous. Wendy loved watching the whales that day.
The allies invaded Fortress Europe on D-Day. Since then their progress across France has been swift. They've advanced almost all the way to Germany. One obstacle stands in their way, the Rhine River. A swift victory is assured once past that.
Mary joined a volleyball team. The team would qualify for a tournament. Mary had a feud with one of her friends in the team. Mary had sprained her ankle. Mary quit the team.
James was an avid outdoors-man. He collected many things including rocks. One day he found a very bright yellow stone. It was transparent and appeared to be a jewel of some sort. James had found a chunk of topaz and sold it for profit later.
The car approached the intersection to turn right. A pedestrian started walking across the adjacent street. The driver honked his horn. The walker did not hear the sound. The car and the driver met in an unpleasant crash.
Craig wanted to get in better shape. He decided to do a video workout. He tried his hardest to keep up. The next day he was intensely sore. He stopped working out because of it.
Mike wanted to go on vacation. He wasn't sure where he should go. Mike researched different vacation spots at the library. He talked to a travel agent about current trips. Mike decided to buy tickets to Australia.
Dottie set the kitchen table. Her brother grabbed the dining cloth. He yanked the cloth off of the table. Dishes flew everywhere. Dottie and her brother went out to eat.
Jared was driving on the freeway. He accidentally ran over some metal debris on the road. Jared pulled over after the debris punctured one of his tires. He successfully swapped out the flat tire with the spare tire. After he changed the tire, he got home safely.
Nina wanted to do something bold with her look. She had her long blonde hair cut short. Then she dyed it pink. Her friends all complimented her. Secretly they thought it was a bit much.
Michelle was waiting in the green room. She was about to go on a talk show. She was nervous! She looked over her notes. She knew she was prepared.
Henry's father worked as a diplomat. One day, Henry went along with him to his office. There, he was greeted by people from many different foreign countries. He told his father how exciting meeting such a variety of people was. His father suggested that one day Henry might be a diplomat too.
Riley decides he wants to try baking one afternoon. He goes to the store to buy apples, intending to bake an apple pie. He comes home and bakes the pie. Riley's house begins to smell very nice as the pie bakes. He is happy that he has spent the afternoon baking.
My son and his friend recorded a 19 minute video. It was an instructional video on how to cook mac and cheese. My wife watched the video to see her son. It was quite funny. We hope they will be discovered.
Amy's school had a reading contest over the summer. Amy wanted to win the first prize. She spent most of the summer reading in the library. The winner was announced on the first day of school. Amy won the first prize!
Jamie challenged her friend Amy to a game of Horse. Jamie thought that because she was taller, she would win! Jamie and Amy began to play and Amy started winning. Jamie was happy for her friend, but she learned a lesson. Jamie and Amy played many games of Horse after that.
Moana and Carl were together for 6 years. They had 2 kids together, 1 boy and 1 girl. Their relationship has been in trouble for 3 of those 6 years. They decided to have a baby to see if it would bring them closer. Unfortunately,having a new baby made things worse and they broke up.
Carl loved his wife. He wanted to surprise her for their anniversary. Carl took secret dancing lessons. On their anniversary Carl took his wife dancing. She was impressed and touched by his gift.
Mary was always late for everything! Paula planned a dinner and once again Mary was late! This bothered Paula, who decided to confront Mary. Paula told Mary that she felt disrespected. Mary apologized and agreed to try harder to be on time for things.
Matthew hated washing the dishes. His mom would force him every single day. One day, he decided he wouldn't wash them. The dishes were very dirty the next day. Now, Matthew washes the dishes every day happily.
Bob bought a new boat to take fishing. He still has his old one and didn't know what to do with it. He cleaned it up and put it up for sale. A week later someone bought it for five thousand dollars. Bob took that money and bought upgrades for his new boat.
Rosie was at a party. Suddenly, the owner of the house arrived. They saw the mess everywhere and became angry. They yelled for everyone to get out right away. Within minutes, the entire party was gone.
Tom loved watching tv. He couldn't afford a bigger screen. For his birthday his friends decided to surprise him. They bought Tom a new big screen tv. Tom was so happy he cried.
Sarah really hated going to piano lessons as a kid. Even though she hated it, her parents would always make her go. Eventually the piano lessons paid off. Sarah did very well at the recital because of all the lessons. Now Sarah is really glad she had all those piano lessons.
John wanted to skate. The ice rink was unfortunately closed. John was disappointed. Then he remembered the local roller rink was open. He went and had a blast.
Sam was trying to get into college. He had an interview set up. Sam didn't plan accordingly. He missed the interview. He wasn't able to get in because of it.
Joan was just promoted to manager. She had worked at the store for ten years. If anyone deserved the promotion, it was her. She is a very hard worker. I am very happy for her.
The customer ordered a milkshake. He drank it too fast. He got a headache. He shut his eyes tightly from the pain. The owner of the shop laughed at his grimace.
Cindy sat at her kitchen table clipping coupons. Her child came inside very excited. Her child wanted her to come outside and look at a kitten. Cindy smiled and followed her child outside, and gasped in horror. It was a kitten, but a fox, that was in their backyard.
Ross played basketball for his school. He always wore the same socks for every game. He never washed those socks. One day his mom complained of a terrible smell. It was Ross' lucky socks.
Jan and Clarissa were celebrating their anniversary on New Year's Eve. The date started with a nice lunch at a cafe. They stopped to watch the premiere of a new movie in the afternoon. Dinner was held at a fancy, romantic restaurant. Finally, they huddled up together and watched the midnight fireworks.
I moved into a new apartment and it didn't have internet service. It was difficult not being able to get any work done. I called cable company and signed up for internet service. Two days later I was back to work. Now I'm much happier.
Marco has always wanted to go to a wine tasting. However, he was ashamed not to know much about wine. Finally Marco decided to attend a wine tasting. He tried many delicious white wines. Marco was happy that he had finally gone to a wine tasting.
The television signal was weak. The family couldn't watch their show. The dad made a makeshift antenna. It worked well enough. The family celebrated their father.
Amy and her friend Beth were bored. They decided to make play food with things in the yard. The girls made mud pies and fake burgers with leaves. They built an oven out of a cardboard box. They showed Amy's mom who was proud of their work.
Meredith participated in her city's local fun run. It was a 5k race designed to raise money for charity. Meredith hadn't trained much, but she really wanted to join. By the end of the race, she was exhausted. However, she was happy she could contribute to a good cause.
Barry decided that he was going to take his children to a water park. Barry wanted to surprise them, so he did not tell them about the park. As Barry was driving, the kids kept asking where they were going. As they approached the park, the kids started screaming happily. Barry was happy to tell the kids they were going to the water park.
Mia cried after I broke up with her. She didn't leave her room the entire weekend. Finally she got over him. Moa eventually met a new guy. They are married now
Cindy wanted to save money on bread. So she decided to buy flour and bake her own. But after several weeks, she couldn't get her bread to taste very good. So she went back to buying store bought bread. Cindy still had desires to bake her own bread, however.
Charles was on a cruise ship bound for Alaska. He always wanted to view the Majesty of the great north. The cruise ship slid through the icy Alaskan sea. A large whale surfaced near the ship. Charles was in awe of the majesty as he snapped photo after photo.
Every Friday night after work Jim met with friends for a few beers. All of Jim's friends that drank took cabs or walked home. Jim would always drink less than his friends and still drive home. His friends warned him this was not safe. One night Jim drove home drunk and got into an accident.
Sammy had a great tasting cold brew coffee at a cafe. And she wished she could have it everyday. So she bought coffee beans and grinder. And he steeped the coffee grinds in water overnight. Sammy was so happy that she could have cold brew coffee everyday.
Max had left his bike on his yard after school. When he went to put it away in the garage it was missing. Max's dad went and searched the neighborhood. He spotted the bike in another kid's driveway. Luckily he just took it back and it was fine.
Debbie feels unloved in her relationship with her husband. For Years she has felt like he does not listen to her when she speaks. She thinks that he may be thinking about divorcing her. With this knowledge she's not sure what she should do. She's worried that she needs to visit a lawyer to check the finances.
Bob was taking a woodworking class. Bob had done bad on all of his projects. His latest project asked him to build a box. Bob thought he would make a bad box. Bob ended up making the best box in class!
Tom was walking home. He noticed some change on the side of the road. It was just a few quarters and dimes. Tom picked it all up. He considered himself lucky even if it wasn't much.
My aunt gave me a Teddy Ruxpin. I was so excited. I played the tapes all day long. Watching his mouth and eyes was thrilling. Teddy Ruxpin was my new favorite toy.
I wanted to get a new laptop. I looked at the prices and specs of my choices online. With my husband, I chose a new laptop. It was pink and fast. I fell in love the second it arrived.
Mark was playing hide and seek with his dad. He first found his dad very quickly. Then it was his turn to hide. Mark's dad searched high and low, but to no avail. Mark had won the game!
Greg wanted to throw the best party ever. He cooked up lots of burgers. However, he got tired from all of the work. His friends decided to help. With the help of others the party was a huge success.
Jim was in a junior hockey league. He was playing in his first game. Another player threw him against the wall. Jim hurt his shoulder. Jim decided that hockey wasn't for him and quit.
Jake and Mary had been dating for two years. When Jake picked Mary up for a date he had something special planned. At the end of the dinner Mary found a surprise in her cake. It was a beautiful diamond ring! Jake asked her to marry him and she said yes.
Haley loved all of her clothes. They all fit her well and were very fancy. But on weekends she dressed very casually. Her favorite shirt to wear was gray with white print. When she put it on she felt like she could tackle the world.
Gina like the music of a cool girl group. She also liked their clothes. She couldn't afford to dress like them. So she put a band-aid under her eye they way they did. On her it looked like she was hiding a wound.
I woke up in the morning and started to get ready for the party. I left the house after one hour, although I forgot to take my pills. I was driving for 10 minutes, until I arrived at my friends house. My cousins had to place me on the couch because I was tired. They asked me what happened and I said that I forgot my medication.
Kyle has always wanted to be a firefighter. He decides to take EMT classes. He does very well in all his classes. He applies for firefighter jobs in his city. He gets his dream job.
Walt was picked to compete in a television game show. He became so nervous on the show he could hardly think. The show's host asked him a question about hammerhead sharks. Walt thought the host had asked about hammerhead shocks. Everyone laughed when Walt said that he knew nothing about car repair.
My friend left to go fight in the gulf war. I was scared that he would die. He didn't write to me so I became more scared with each day. Luckily, he came back alive! Alas, he had developed severe PTSD.
Larry was always late for work. He had been warned several times. One day there was a traffic accident and he couldn't make it in time. He called in but his boss told him he was fired. Larry turned around and drove home.
My husband has gross, long toenails that he refuses to cut. Last night he stabbed me in the leg while we were both asleep. The cut wouldn't stop bleeding, so we went to the hospital. I ended up needing three stitches to keep the gash closed. Meanwhile, my husband and doctor were both laughing the whole time.
Sara was walking down the sidewalk. She stepped carefully through an ice patch. Suddenly, she slipped. She fell and hurt her back. Someone came and helped her up.
Diana loved flashy jewelry. She had new earrings that were six inches long. They had diamonds and jewels on them. She carefully put them on. She smiled when she saw them in the mirror.
Bill often crafted custom bows for hunters. One day he came across the perfect wood in the forest for bows! He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it. The bows were so well balanced that all the pro's wanted one! Bill sold his bows for millions to the enthusiasts!
Louisa had to go to the dentist. She had to get a cavity filled. She was afraid it would take a long time. However to her delight it was done in five minutes. Louisa was thrilled.
The kids were nervous and excited. It was their first day of school! They grabbed their backpacks. They had to hurry to the bus. They didn't want to be late on the first day!
Judith was scared to go on her first plane trip to Hawaii. She always wanted to go to Hawaii but never on a plane trip. She got on and thought the trip wasn't to bad when the plane took off. However, the whole trip was plagued with turbulence and noise. When the trip was over Judith thought she was lucky to be alive.
Ian bought all of his school supplies for the semester. 4-5 dollars were left on his account. His mom called him at the end of the day. She told him that there was no food in the house. Ian didn't starve himself and decided to buy food.
I went out to buy some fruits. It took me fifteen minutes to reached the store. Inside the store, I saw my neighbor Jake. I went through him to say Hi. After that, we went home together.
After dinner was over the waitress brought the check. John and Mary fought over who would pay for it. After a while, they decided to split it. They gave the waitress their credit cards. They left the restaurant separately.
I was in a master's program in 1976. I turned a paper in for a seminar. I did not keep a copy. The professor lost my paper for two weeks. He found it, and I got a B+.
Jack and Jill were at dinner. It was their first date. They had a lot to talk about. They talked for five hours. Jack told Jill he wanted to go out with her again soon.
Bobby loved to dress up in women's clothes. He always felt scared to do this as his dad was very strict. Once, his dad came home early and caught Bobby in a dress. Bobby was ready to be punished badly. Instead, Bobby's dad was very understanding and kind.
I got my sister in law a gift card for Christmas last year. The supplier let me customize the card. I put a black and white photo of her as a child on the card. She was very pleased when she got the card. She will keep recharging the card.
Art woke up in the middle of the night, craving a cigarette. He was tired but decided to take one from his pack. He lit up and felt relieved. Almost a minute later, he noticed that it was lit the wrong way! He felt like an idiot and decided not to smoke until morning.
Suzy was sitting out in the hot sun. She was waiting for the parade. But it was just getting too hot. So she had to leave. She had to watch it on television instead.
Vick had wanted to learn how to play the violin. He had tried to teach himself, but it was no good. He sought a professional tutor. Vick found one and practiced for months. Now Vick is so good that he is the first chair in a symphony!
Little Jimmy wanted to be the class president. He made fliers and passed them out at school. He talked to everyone he could and encouraged them to vote for him. On election day, the votes were close. Jimmy won the presidency by seven votes.
Matt couldn't find a job. So he decided to beg for money. He wore dirty, old clothes and help up a sign on the street. And he made minimum wage. Matt begged for two months until he found a job.
Kim went to the grocery store to prepare for a hurricane. The grocery store was packed with people doing the same. Kim was only able to find 3 gallons of the 10 gallons of water needed. She waited close to an hour in line before she could check out. When she left the wind was high, the hurricane was on the way.
Jane was walking around her campus. But she was hungry. There were only food trucks. But the food there was overpriced and unhealthy. Jane had no choice but to order a burger at one of them.
Tom needed to study. He has a history test tomorrow. He kept getting distracted. He ended up only studying for one hour. He failed the test.
Candy went to the zoo with her family. There was a line of people waiting to ride the camels. Candy wanted to ride the camels. Candy's family didn't want to wait in line. Candy waited in line alone while her family looked at other animals.
The day of the big move was almost here. They had everything packed up. All the furniture was moved as well. They were all cleaning up. It felt bittersweet moving.
Tommy was being a bad kid. He was tossing food around. His mom got angry. She gave him time out. She let him back in after a hour.
The kids are competing to see who can break the wooden block. Nancy goes first. She takes a few seconds to think. Once she punches the wood, her middle finger broke. The doctor wrapped it with a bandage.
Rhonda works as a school guidance counselor. This week she had to do crisis counseling. One of the middle school students was killed in a shooting. All of the other students took it very hard. Rhonda is great at her job but she was very upset this week too.
Jake was given a new puppy for his birthday. He named the puppy Spot. One day Jake took Spot for a walk through the park. Spot hurt his paw while they were playing. Jake took Spot home early.
I entered the chat with a fake name. I didn't want my ex to notice me in there. He was chatting and flirting with all the girls. I just watched quietly until he started hitting on me too. Then I told him off and to get lost.
Judy saw Dorothy Hamill perform at the Olympics. She admired the skater's short wedge hairdo. Judy brought a picture of Hamill to her stylist. When he finished, Judy was excited to see the results. In the mirror, she saw an ugly bowl cut.
Ray was working as a clerk at a convenience store. He fell asleep on the job. Some kids walked in and stole things from the store. The incident was caught on surveillance. Ray was fired for sleeping on the job.
Brad had gone to the store. He had bought a dozen eggs for his mother. He put the eggs on the counter when he got home. His mother didn't notice and knocked the eggs down. Brad's mother fussed at him for not putting the eggs away.
Jamie and her family went to the lake to go tubing. After loading the boat into the water, the family began to take off. When they were ready, Jamie climbed onto the tube behind the boat. After the boat sped up, the tube suddenly popped. Jamie's family turned around and retrieved her from the water.
Carl was 6 foot 2 and weighed 220 pounds. He was a harry black man and didn't think he was handsome. His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend. They forced him to approach a girl he thought was cute. He approached a white girl in a hallway and she hollered in fear.
Janet hated her job. Her boss treated her badly and she didn't get paid enough. She had been looking for other work. When she finally got another job she quit. She told her boss what was on her mind and walked out.
Last week my friends and I went to the lake. We took canoes out and started filling them with water. We then flipped the boats over. It was so much fun. I couldn't wait to do it again.
Brian went to the hardware store for masking tape. He walked past a display of masking tape in different colors. Brian was amazed by the variety of colors. He bought one for every color of the rainbow. The cashier told him he made a great purchase.
A man sailed his small boat off the coast of the beach on a hot day. He came upon a large iceberg that drifted in his path. He managed to tie a line onto the ice and tow it back to the beach. The iceburn ran aground on the sand and didn't move. Everyone at the beach swam towards it and enjoyed the cool ice.
Dan bought a single large cucumber. Everyone in the store gave him a funny look. When he went to check out the cashier was weird towards him. Dan asked his sister what it was about. She explained what they were thinking and Dan blushed.
Jim put a pizza in the oven. He turned the oven on and set the timer. When the oven went off, he grabbed his pizza. However, the pizza was still frozen. Jim had forgotten to turn the oven on bake.
Kate had errands to run. She hadn't checked the weather yet. She hoped it was sunny. She went to the porch to check the weather. She was sad to see storm clouds rolling in.
Erik put some wood on the campfire. The fire grew bigger. Several people moved their chairs away from the fire. Erik put even more wood on the fire. People complained about the fire.
Tim was at the beach with friends. He was sucked away by a strong current. His friends didn't notice at first. It took a while for someone to finally go help. Tim nearly drowned and was in shock.
Jared lived in an apartment complex. He studies for college every night. The downstairs neighbor loves to play loud music. Jared couldn't focus on his studies. He decided to move to another apartment complex.
Julie was going to Christian camp. She was nervous at first. She wondered if she would make friends. But camp turned out to be so much fun! Julie made tons of friends and had a great time!
Todd took his suit into the dry cleaners to get it cleaned. He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up. The clerk said in three hours. Todd drove home and drove back in three hours. He got the suit, paid, and drove home again.
Anthony didn't believe in Ebonics. He thought everyone should be educated to speak proper English. When he started teaching in a black neighborhood no one liked him. He called parents and complained about their kid's grammar. One parent told him to talk like them.
George was a smug magician. He would perform all sorts of feats with his family. Once, he made a dove appear out of thin air. His brother Michael asked him how he did such tricks. George told him that they weren't tricks, but illusions.
Kevin always liked to put things off until the last minute. Once, he was assigned a long report that was due in two weeks. The first night, Kevin sat down to work, but he got distracted. Each night, he ended up watching Netflix instead of working. Kevin ended up pulling an all-nighter the night before it was due.
Nell asked her mom for a card to give her favorite teacher. Nell's mom made a card with pressed flowers for the teacher. Nell was upset because she wanted a store-bought card. She glumly handed the homemade card to the teacher. The teacher was so impressed she kept the card on her desk all year.
There was an empty lot in town. Jen thought it was ugly. She decided to build a park there. She got permission from the city and started building. It was the best park in town.
Joy and Lizzy wanted to make breakfast in bed for their mom. It was her birthday so she deserved something special. She like her eggs sunny side up. The girls tried but they kept breaking the eggs. So their mom had scrambled eggs instead.
Margo and her friends were playing outside. They decided to start a club. At first it was really fun. But then, everyone started being mean and exclusive. Finally, a parent intervened and made them break up the club.
Mike never showed up for work on time. His manager informed him of the late policy. Mike continued to show up late for work. Mike was eventually fired for being late too often. Mike regrets being late for work.
Harry enjoyed politics and an election for president was upcoming. He planned a post-voting party at his house to watch the results. Many of his friends came and Harry made lots of food. All his friends voted and then joined Harry at his house. The friends watched the election results until late in the night.
Mike Kulick was a jock at his local high school. Mike was the quarterback of his high school football team. During a big game Mike was passed the ball by his teammate. As the ball landed in Mike's hands he fumbled and dropped the ball. Mikes fumble cost his high school football team the game.
A girl wished for a silver necklace. Everyday she passed by the jewelry store and saw what she wanted. But she was too little to go inside. She asked her father to buy her the necklace for her. The next day, her father bought a cheap necklace made of string.
I was looking for a new job. I began writing my resume. I shared it with a friend. My friend said that it had too many errors. Luckily, they helped me change it so that it was the perfect resume.
Burt saw a group of much younger kids diving from a cliff into water. To prove to himself that he was still a daredevil, he decided to try. Right before he was about to jump, he got scared. Instead of jumping, he ended up slipping and falling down the cliff. Burt learned he was not daring anymore as everyone laughed at him.
John woke up at 5am. He then ate breakfast. He saw the sun rising. He decided he wanted to see something beautiful. He went into his yard to see the sun rise.
Aurelia realizes she has no clean clothing for the coming week. Although she is comfortable at home, she goes to the laundromat. She finishes her laundry just before the laundromat closes. When she gets home, Aurelia feels exhausted and ready for bed. However, she is very happy that she cleaned her clothes.
My favorite teacher always arrived to class on time. He always kept a smile on his face. He took time and listen to my questions and explained them. One day during class he announced that he was leaving. I was sad the remaining of the day.
Peter was very good at playing the trumpet. He loved playing in bars at night and improvise with his friends. One day, one man discovered him, and proposed him a big contract. Peter didn't know what to do. He thought about it, but refused in the end, to stay with his friends.
Ronny thought cable TV was too expensive. He wanted a way to get rid of it. He purchased netflix for his home. He canceled his cable TV. Ronny is very happy with his decision.
Nala bought a big bottle of wine. She poured herself glass after glass while watching TV. In the morning she saw that the whole bottle was gone! Nala was shocked. She decided she had to cut down on her drinking.
Sometimes when I'm alone I prefer sitting in silence. My friends don't understand it so I tried to show them. We got together one day and I proposed a few minutes of silence. They were hesitant to accept but finally did. After the silence was over they completely understood why I like it.
Sam enjoyed his job. He was a recruitment consultant and a big firm. Although stressful, the job had it's perks. One perk was free access to the gym. Sam became fit and healthy because of his job.
Jon was driving to work. A dog ran in front of the car. Jon stopped short. Jon's coffee spilled all over his lap. Jon turned around and drove home to change into clean clothes.
Gianna walked into the class after the bell rung. The teacher took the attendance and indicated that she was late. The next day, Gianna was called to the office. She received an hour of detention for being late yesterday. She ended up missing work because of the detention.
Kayla bought a raffle ticket from her niece. She got a phone call saying she won a cash prize. Kayla went to pick up the money. She let her niece know she won. Kayla took her niece to lunch with part of her winnings.
It was Rachel's first day of kindergarten. Her mom went to drop her off at the school. However, Rachel did not want her to leave. She held on to her mom and cried. Eventually, the teacher was able to coax Rachel away from her mom.
Cory decided he needed a new cellphone. He wasn't sure where to start researching service plans. Cory's friend advised him to check the internet. When Cory searched for information, he found lots of knowledge. Cory was able to make an informed decision on his new cellphone.
Riley got a job as a coach in his home town. He coached his team to five winning seasons in a row. The athletic director fired Riley. The local team started losing every game. Riley refused to come back to his old coaching job.
Bob was making dinner for his entire family. He decided to make cheeseburgers on his outdoor grill. He fired up the grill and put the burger patties on. He got talking with his brother and lost track of time. He opened the grill back up and saw hockey pucks instead of burgers.
Allie wanted to organize a campaign. She organized a campaign to get people to vote. She thought it was important. She ended up getting a rally of one hundred folks. Allie was successful.
Lawrence was driving down the road. He notices a small noise coming from his car hood. He pulls over to check out the problem. He pops the hood and smoke fly's everywhere. He calls a tow truck and waits for help.
Rufus raised a dozen chickens on his property. He got a new job and needed to relocate. Rufus couldn't keep chickens anywhere near his new home. He found a friend to take the chickens. The friend picked up the birds the next day.
The neighborhood kids loved to play home run derby at the tennis court. One day Matt keep hitting home runs. Terry got mad at him and threw a bat at him. Matt threw the bat back and hit him in the head. Terry and Matt are no longer allowed to play together.
Cathy recently fell in love with the sport of Hockey. However, Cathy loved hockey for one reason, the fights. Cathy loved seeing the men fight one another on the rink. In addition, the excitement from the crowd during the fight was fun. Cathy could not wait for the next hockey game so she can see a fight.
Dave was hired to translate a speech into sign language. The speaker was speaking very fast for Dave. Dave struggled to keep up. Dave started to fumble his translations. The deaf people in the audience were horrified.
It rained for days. The river started to rise. As the river rose, the levies began to break. People who lived along the river, started to see flooding. The flood damage was never predicted.
Every year my family goes camping in the backwoods. It is always a total blast. This summer we decided to go in the mountains. We got a tent and stayed for about a week. We can't wait until next year.
Melissa had a paper due for English class. She worked hard all night trying to finish it. She was furious when she got a zero on the paper. The teacher told her it was because she did cite sources. Melissa had to rewrite it all over again.
I woke up extremely late for work on Monday. My alarm had failed to go off. I frantically showered, threw my hair up, and grabbed my shoes. I hurriedly made my husband's lunch and checked the calendar. It was Sunday.
Sarah loved horses a lot. She had four of her own horses. One day Sarah wanted to ride her horses. She decided to saddle the horses. After watching videos, Sarah rode her horses.
My friends and I made a trip to pick pumpkins. After we got back to their place we set each one out to admire them. Individually we all looked up potential designs to use. We had a long, lovely afternoon of carving those pumpkins. That night they glowed spookily in the gloom of the evening.
Kayla was getting married in a few months. She had waited until the last minute to shop for a dress. She had been searching everywhere, but couldn't find one. She finally went shopping at a small store. When she walked in, she found the dress of her dreams.
Karen invited Tara to go shopping with her. Although Tara loved to go shopping, she didn't have any money. Embarrassed, Tara told Karen that she couldn't go because she was busy. On the way to the mall, Karen saw Tara playing the park with her dog. Karen vowed to never ask Tara to the go shopping ever again.
Rachel was pushing her shopping cart back to her car. She suddenly lost control of the shopping cart. The shopping car veered into another person's car. The shopping cart made a dent in the car. Rachel waited for the owner of the car to return.
Dave loves to play online games. One night he did not sleep because of playing games. Because of that he slept the whole day. When he woke up he had headache and back ache. From then,he decided not to stay awake the whole night playing.
There was a dad and son. The dad wanted to teach his son to shave. He taught him to be careful He taught him to get a close shave. The boy remembers this forever.
Tom saw that his waist was the largest it has ever been. Tom decided to start working out every day. Tom also decided to start eating healthier Tom also started to only eat small meals. Tom was happy to see his waist quickly shrink.
Jack and his dog were playing together. The game was hide and seek. Jack would count to three, and his dog would go hide. One time, Jack was the one who hid. Jack hid behind the door, the dog whined unable to find him.
I bought some pumpkin spice ground coffee at the store. I went home to try it out in my coffee pot. I followed the instructions on how much to put in the filter. I brewed the coffee. The coffee was not very good.
Jill gets on the bus every morning. She hates the bus. Johnny always pulls her hair. Sally always steals her lunch. Jill wishes her mom would drive her to school.
Carla had one son named Sam. She wanted Sam to have siblings but she was without a partner. She decided to adopt a little girl from China. It took 3 years for her paperwork to go through but finally it did. She brought Sam a little sister named Xiao.
I was sitting in my living room. My dog started to bark. I looked over and saw he was barking at a cockroach. I picked up a heavy book and smashed the cockroach. It died and my dog stopped barking.
Jill was very late to class one day. She begged the teacher to not punish her. She was always a teacher's pet so the teacher didn't punish her. Jill was so excited and then she was late the next day. However, this time, the teacher punished her heavily.
Jenna forgot to take the pill two days in a row. When she realized she didn't have her periods, she wasn't surprised. She bought a pregnancy test and tested positive. She had no clue how to break the news to her boyfriend. So she decided to write a poem about it to alleviate the blow.
Sara spent all night working on her school report. She had to get an A on the report to pass her History class. She printed the report out and put it in her backpack. When she got to school she couldn't find her report. She ended up failing her History class.
It was the last minute of the playoff game for Ali's soccer team. Ali received the ball and lined up his shot. The ball flew toward the goal! The goalie leapt sideways and caught the ball with his fingertips. Ali's team went home without a trophy that day.
Victor wanted to buy an XBox 1. He entered every single contest he could find online. He never one any. He decided to work harder at his job. One month later, he bought an XBox 1 with his own money.
Ell was throwing her sister a surprise party. She invited lots of guests. They all hid in the foyer as they waited for the guest of honor. She arrived and switched on the light. Everyone jumped up and yelled to surprise her!
Raya went to visit her family in Iran. She had never seen the country before. She thought it was noisy and dirty! She spent two weeks there visiting her family. She was glad to return home to America.
Marcus reached out for the ball. The ball bounced off his finger. He jumped to the right to catch the ball. His untied shoelace made him trip. The ball flew right past him.
I met my first military veteran. He told me stories about the war. I was very surprised about his memories. He said that he was diagnosed with PTSD. My perspective on life changed from our conversation.
Rick got a new job to get some extra money. He applied all over to see who would call him. He finally get a job as a waiter. On his first day he got so many orders wrong, but kept practicing. After enough practice was the fastest waiter in the restaurant.
Kate's favorite show was on. But she liked to record it and watch it later. This way she didn't have to watch commercials. However she forgot to record her favorite show. Kate was sad she had to wait until it was available online to watch.
Gary decided to get a few groceries in the supermarket. When he came to the checkout, he took out his credit card. After he scanned, he found out that his credit card is declined. He called his credit card company. They told him that he had no balance into his account.
Mary has decided to host her family's Christmas party this year. Mary only has a week to prepare for the party. She knows she'll have to cook a lot of food to feed everyone. On Christmas day Mary burned the turkey and ruined the meal. Her family wasn't upset and they dined out for chinese food instead.
Sarah loves to play soccer all the time. Her dad told her that if she got good grades she could join a league. After three weeks of studying and hard work she had straight A's. The next week her dad signed her up for a soccer league. Sarah met her teammates the next day.
Will wanted to go on an adventure but was lonely. He called his friend Jack to accompany him. Jack didn't answer the phone. Will went to his house to check on him. Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill.
Valerie worked very hard at her job. She was always helpful and did more than she was asked. Her boss noticed this and asked to speak with her. He told her that she would receive a big promotion. Valerie was excited and thanked him for the good news.
Harry is a baby. He doesn't know how to be gentle when he pets a dog. Harry's mother tried to teach him how to be gentle. Harry pulled the dog's ears. His mother decided he is still too young to be near the dog.
I went on a fishing trip to clear my mind. I chose a quiet pond outside of town. I waited for a while, but I caught nothing. I decided to throw all my bait into the water. After that, lots of fish came for me to catch.
I wanted to become an inventor. I decided to major in civil engineering in college. When I graduated, I got a job at a construction firm. They asked me to invent a new kind of bridge. I invented a new bridge and was finally an inventor!
Kelly decided to get her ears pierced. When she got to the parlor she was nervous. She was afraid it would hurt. When the woman pierced it, it actually didn't hurt. Kelly realized it was worth it.
Daniella was catfishing guys on the internet. She pretended to be this cute Norwegian girl. In reality, she was overweight and not very attractive. One day, someone figured out her true identity. They told the forum who she was and she lost all her friends.
The Smiths had been through two storms. The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger. They thought they could survive it as well. Unfortunately they were wrong. All of them died tragically.
Nina couldn't find a dress to wear to the school dance. She didn't own any and her mother's dresses were too small to borrow. Nina couldn't afford to buy a new dress, either. Finally she decided she'd have to wear a nice skirt and sweater. But far from mock her, her friends all complimented her edgy style!
Abby was a city girl. She never thought about where eggs came from. Her class visited a local farm. They saw chickens actually laying eggs. She never thought about eggs the same way again.
Ashley was visiting a new friend. She brought a bottle of wine as a gift for her. She picked her favorite wine out at the grocery store. She hoped her friend liked it and that she'd made a good impression. She wanted her friend to invite her back again!
Kim was tired of studying. And she felt angry about all of the homework she had. She could afford to take a break. So she watched her favorite movie. But she could not enjoy it.
Henry had always been very forgetful. He forgot his house keys when he went to work this morning. When he got home he realized he didn't have the key. Luckily he had the foresight to purchase a hide-a-key. Henry picked up the fake rock and grabbed his house key.
Chad recently decided to take a speaking engagement at his old school. Chad was glad for the opportunity to speak to high schoolers. However, Chad was a bit nervous about what to say to them. Chad decided he would tell them about the realities of life in society Chad could not wait to give his speech to the students.
Robert wasn't paying attention while driving. The traffic light in front of him turned red. Robert drove straight through it without stopping. A police officer noticed and pulled him over. Robert got a ticket for reckless driving.
Tom was walking home. He noticed cop lights behind him. He instinctively started to run. The cops went after him and arrested him. Tom got into trouble for resisting arrest.
Charlie was on a TV show. He started to party a lot. His boss asked him to cut back. Until he cleaned up his act, the show was put on hold. But it went back on air.
Every summer Sally goes on vacation. This summer she decided to visit colorado. She went to the mountains and went hiking. When she got there it started raining. Sally had to go home and come back the next day.
Lana noticed a posting for a Creative Writing Contest at her school. She entered it and worked hard on a story. She didn't think it was very good and almost withdrew. However, she decided she had nothing to lose, and submitted it. She won second place and was encouraged to do more writing.
Joey was very insecure about himself. He was born with birth defects, and his club foot was amputated. He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter. And then, when he least expected it, he met a woman. They fell in love, and married a few years later.
My friends invited me to go bowling with them. I put on my bowling shoes and drove to the alley. I met up with my friends and we began to play. While walking up the the lane, I dropped a ball on my toe. I sat down and couldn't walk for the whole night.
Jay and Ren were highschool sweethearts and each other's first loves. Right after high school graduation they got married. But after 7 years Ren decided she wanted a divorce. Jay didn't want the divorce and reluctantly signed the divorce papers. They have been divorced for 20 years but Jay's still in love with Ren.
Diane went to her first mom's group. She was excited and hoped to find other moms to talk to. The women in the group only talked about their children. They refused to discuss books, art, or politics. Diane went home very disappointed.
Rick liked playing in the mud. But everyone thought it was too dirty. That didn't stop him however. And he continued to do what made him happy. But a few weeks later, he was hospitalized for a disease.
Kristi moved in a new apartment that had a sparkling pool. Even though it was September, she went swimming. The day after, while unpacking boxes, she felt sick. She coughed so much she realized the water had been too cold. She ended up staying in bed for a week nursing a bad bronchitis.
Howard was getting bullied. He did not know what to do. His friend ended up standing up to the bully. His friend beat the bully up. The bully did not bother howard anymore.
Randy and Kat wanted to eat out. They decided to walk to their favorite restaurant. After a short walk, they arrived at the place. It turned out that the place had closed permanently. They were really upset about it.
Jimmy wrote songs while he was in middle school in Oklahoma. He moved to California for high school. I was sad when I heard he dropped out of college. He wrote, "Galveston" and "By the Time I Get to Phoenix". He did okay without a college education.
Harry arrived late for work. He had been late twice this past week. His boss insisted that he should speak with him. Harry was nervous as he sat across from his boss. His boss told him he would be fired if he was late again.
Marilyn was turning ninety years old. She thought that her old family and friends forgot. Marilyn went down to the community room at her nursing room. Her friends surprised her with a party in the community room. It was the best birthday Marilyn had in her ninety years.
Mariah was driving to her aunt's house. After turning onto a street, she can across a few trucks. The trucks were surrounding a broken electrical wire. Since it caught on fire, the firefighters told Mariah to move. She decided to drive another route.
Jerry knew he wasn't going to do well. He had studied hours for his math exam and still didn't understand. In an act of desperation, he put all the answers into his calculator. He was nervous while taking the test but was very sneaky. He ended up passing the test with a perfect score.
We attended a Halloween It was for adults and kids. My son was a cub scout. My wife stole the show with a Monica Lewinsky outfit. The host was scandalized.
Olga had been afraid of the water all of her life. When her grandchildren began to learn to swim she felt it was time. Olga took lessons at the community center. Once she got over the fear she picked up the skill rapidly. Olga surprised her grandchildren by jumping in the pool last week.
Rachel was on a road trip with her family. They needed to stop soon for dinner. She looked for a good place in a town nearby. She decided on a Mexican restaurant. They stopped and really enjoyed the food.
Amy was in labor. But she had been struggling for hours. Finally her doctors decided to do a c-section. Amy was so nervous and scared. But her little baby was born perfectly healthy!
I hated oatmeal when I was a child because it looked disgusting. I have learned there are many ways use and prepare oatmeal. Now I love baking oatmeal pies and cakes. Tracy E Warren taught me to prepare oatmeal different ways. I wrote an oatmeal cookbook to share with the world what I've learned.
Levi and his friends went to the woods for a picnic. They were having a good time eating and talking. Shortly after finishing their meal they had smelled smoke. Turning around they noticed their campfire had spread to some brush. They frantically put the fire out saving the day.
Kate joined the martial arts club at school. At her first practice, they tested her skills. She had to practice with a dummy. She did well because had taken classes since she was little. She's excited for the next meeting.
Jeff was eating leftovers from last night's party. During the next morning, his stomach was violently growling. He immediately got up to vomit in the bathroom. For the remainder of the day, he was vomiting. He couldn't digest anything.
Kara went bowling with her family. At first she was doing terribly. She could not hit any pins! But then she started to improve. By the end of the game, Kara was in second place!
I've always dreamed of going to caves. When my man and I visited Dominican Republic, we visited caves. I was so excited at the romantic scene. There were bats, but I didn't care. I took cool pictures in that cave before I left for home.
John is a plumber. He got called out for a tough job yesterday. He had to replace an entire hot water heater. It took hours. He did not get home until very late that night.
Alice bought a new kite. She wanted to test it out. So she went down to the beach. There, she spent hours flying it. Alice was very happy with her new kite!
Tom moved to a new town. He didn't know which church to go to. He tried different ones. One stood out more than the others to him. He decided to keep going to that one.
Jim had never ridden a roller coaster before. He decided that he would ride one before the end of the summer. His friends took him to a local amusement park. He nearly chickened out before he saw a girl that he liked. He decided to go on the ride and had the time of his life.
Harry met a beautiful girl at the airport. He fell in love with the sight of her. She had to get on a plane and leave far away. Harry told her he would visit her. So he got in his car and drove to her.
Tom was supposed to meet his estranged father today. They hadn't seen each other since he had left Tom's mom. Today he was introducing his new partner. When Tom saw them, both men, thing suddenly became clear. Realizing that his dad was gay changed his entire perspective.
Playing Quarterback for the home team is something we all dream of. It was my goal throughout my childhood and well into my teens. After I was announced the starter, my friends and I partied for days. At our first practice, I tore my ACL in three different spots. It was the end of my 7 day reign as the High School hero.
Daniel liked to dig at the beach. He always found interesting shells. Last time, he found a giant shell that had pink swirls. He took hit home on put it on a shelf. People always commented hon how beautiful it was.
Phillip was driving his daughter to school. It was to be her first day of elementary school. Philip felt bittersweet about it. Phillip reached the school and let her out of the car. He held back tears as he hugged her goodbye.
Ray was cooking oatmeal. And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while. He came back 5 minutes later. But it overflowed onto the stove. Ray never left the kitchen the next time he cooked oatmeal.
Anna and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy. Anna liked the spotted one, but he was already adopted. She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels. Anna decided that she wanted the old dog instead. Anna and her mother went home with her new best friend!
Paolo has always wanted to play a sport. Most of his friends enjoy playing baseball. However, Paolo decides he wants to learn to play soccer. He practices every day until he becomes a great soccer player. Paolo is very happy that he has learned a sport.
Susie was hungry. So she decided to make some nachos. She really wanted to eat something. So she put them in the oven. But unfortunately they came out burnt.
Irene had a horrible relationship. One day, she was discovered dead. The police investigated and knew that it was a murder. They investigated for a month. Soon, her boyfriend was arrested for it.
Travis doubts he wants be a lawyer in his second year of law school. He talks with friends and other students to get more advice. Finally he decides to drop out of law school. He gets a job bartending at his favorite neighborhood bar. Despite the low pay, he is always happy he didn't become a lawyer.
Ted had a toothache and went to see the dentist. In the office, the dentist took a look at Ted's teeth. He chastised Ted for not brushing well. Ted apologized but was impatient and angry. Ted left the visit with his tooth fixed but none the wiser.
Fred had recently taken up running. He was enjoying it except his feet were bothering him. His friend recommended a certain running shoe. Fred loved them from the moment he put them on. His first day wearing them he even was able to run an extra mile.
Melody went to browse a hat store. She was surprised at the large variety of hats there. She saw traditional hats, colorful hats, and lots of silly hats. She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke. She bought the hat to do the joke and went home.
Sam was homeless. He was cold because it was winter. A stranger gave him a new coat one day. It was a little too big but kept him warm. Sam was able to bundle up and stay cozy all winter.
Sam decided to cook lunch for his family. He turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat. When the oven was warm he put in a frozen pizza. He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned! Now the entire family must go out for lunch.
Jodie couldn't decide what she wanted to have for dinner. She was tired of the staple foods at the house. And she wasn't in the mood to make an elaborate meal. She went to the grocery store and got a fun idea. She made mini pizzas with the ingredients she picked up.
Jenny's elementary school was holding a carnival and raffle. Jenny saw that one of the prizes for the raffle was a teddy bear. Jenny really wanted the teddy bear being offered for the raffle prize. Jenny spent all of her money on raffle tickets so she could win. Jenny won the raffle and finally got her beloved teddy bear.
When I was seven years old, I told my parents I wanted a computer. My parents told me that I should prove it. My parents got me a computer magazine to read for a year. I read the computer magazine for a year. So, my parents bought me a computer.
Ana wanted to try SCUBA diving on her two-week vacation in Maui. She and her friends took the PADI course and got certified. But then Anna got afraid-the suit felt claustrophobic. She decided she would snorkel instead, enjoying the clear water. She had a wonderful time surrounded by bright fish and coral!
Fred had always wanted to visit Spain. He saves his money for a big trip. Finally it is time for him to visit. He eats great food and meets interesting people. Fred feels happy that he visited Spain.
Cruz wanted to have a nerf gun war. He only had two nerf guns. Christmas was approaching and he asked everyone for a nerf gun. When Christmas came Cruz had 10 nerf guns. He invited his friends over the next day and had a big nerf war.
Harry was running low on cash. He had rent due at the end of the week. His friend Oscar had a decent amount of money saved. He knew Harry's stress and offered to loan Harry money. Harry had a rule about accepting money from friends but had no choice.
The woman woke up. She was in a hospital. Her eyes were swollen from the attack. She could barely see. She heard her mother crying.
He cuddled up close to her in bed. He told her there was a fur monster coming for her. She squealed as the dog jumped into the bed. She ran up and licked her owner on the face. The girl hid under the covers to escape.
Marie went to take her driver's test. She couldn't parallel park so she failed the test. That weekend she practiced how to parallel park. She went back to take the test. She ended up getting her license.
Jane didn't hide how racist she was. She insulted her neighbors every day when she could. So one day, her neighbors decided to retaliate. They all stood around her asking her to insult them again. Jane, stuck in the middle, froze and apologized.
Tonight I asked the kids what they wanted for dinner. Both kids asked for pizza. They had fun helping me assemble the pizza and put it in the oven. We all ate together while watching Jeopardy. After dinner they told me pizza night is their favorite.
Karen decided to buy a new kitty. She was so in love with her kitty. She took her everywhere. One day she was out getting some milk for home. When she returned the kitty wasn't home!
Tom loved the outdoors very much. Tom was a senior in high school. Tom was debating which major to choose for college. Tom decided to become a botanist. Tom led a very happy life with his botany knowledge.
A man desired to learn how to build websites. He passively watched many tutorials. He read many books and forums, but did not feel he was improving. He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials. Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch, he improved.
A boy looked at an apple tree and saw the fruit at the top. He felt like that was the best fruit on the tree. So the boy climbed high into the tree to get it. He had to reach out his hand to grab the topmost fruit. He grabbed the apple and climbed back down the tree.
Greg loved to eat junk food. Pizza was his favorite. He ate it every Friday. Greg ate so much pizza last weekend that he couldn't move. The next day, he was already looking forward to next pizza day.
Javier is feeling thirsty. He decides to walk to the nearby water fountain. At the water fountain he drinks some water. He feels better. Javier is happy that he no longer feels thirsty.
I read in the news that a criminal escaped from jail. It was in my city and I was scared. I was so scared that I did not want to go to school. My parents told me that I did not have to worry. They had apparently caught the criminal right after the escape.
It was Kia's first year studying French. She fully expected to fail her exam. But when she got her paper back, she was surprised. She had scored a B+ in her French class! Kia was very proud of herself.
A French girl named Cassie was supposed to visit Stanley. He bought her plane tickets to come see him in Mexico. She flaked out when she was supposed to get on her plane. Instead of taking responsibility she stopped talking to Stanley. Stanley decided to never deal with French girls again.
My friend Jim and I played chess in our building's atrium last week. There were a lot of people walking around. A stranger came up and watched us playing. He challenged my friend to a game, and won. Jim was very angry that he lost.
Sam and Sue decided to travel to Sally's house. The trip to Sally's house would take 2 days driving in a car. Sam and Sue began driving and finally made it to Sally's house. When they knocked on the door, an unknown man answered the door. Sally had moved to another town and never told Sam and Sue!
I turned off the main road and descended down to the river. I see my brother at the back of his car sorting out the gear. We say hi and begin dividing up the gear into our packs. We head out for the trail and begin our hike. 5 miles the 1st day and a good meal to prepare us for day 2.
Simon was collecting toys from cereal boxes. He had four out of the five toys need for the collection. To get the last one he bought five boxes of cereal. He opened all five boxes dumping them out to grab the toy. One after another the same toys he already had fell out of the boxes.
Jim and his basketball team had a big game coming up They practiced very hard for several days before the game Jim spent all his free time at home practicing free throws The day of the game came, and Jim was very nervous Jim and his team played very hard and won the game
Jim is fed up with the construction on his street. At night time he goes to sabotage the equipment. Jim ruins the engine on the back hoe. The next day the construction is halted. Jim gets a good night's rest.
My business was slow last night. One employee came in angry. She yelled at the person working the desk. I told her she was not permitted to do so. She left her job with us.
I told Danny to pay someone else to clean up the gutters. Danny said he was going on the roof to do it himself. Danny went up on the roof and cleaned up the gutters. When Danny came down he  fell off the ladder. Now Danny's a dead gutter cleaner upper.
Bianca likes to teach art to children. She set up an art studio to give classes to them. The first day she had all of her seats filled for the class. She taught them new techniques and terms they would be using. At the end of the day she felt that it had been a success.
Kirk is loves fast cars and making trouble. One evening, he stole the keys to his father's hot rod. He was out cruising, having a great time. Suddenly, he saw red and blue lights behind him. Kirk got in trouble with his dad, and a speeding ticket to boot.
The house next door was empty. The elderly lady who lived there was gone. The plants in the yard, and the grass turned brown and dry. The house had always looked empty. Now it looked abandoned.
Lily was at the dentist's office. The hygienist cheerfully scraped plaque and recommended more flossing. The dentist examined her teeth and pronounced her cavity-free. She took a free toothbrush and made her next appointment. Lily left with a clean smile and a sense of relief.
She moved closers to the window to look out. The night was dark but the glass was clear. She could see the large tree outside in the yard. It swayed gently in the wind. She turned from the window and went to bed.
The city wanted to find the best cake. They formed a competition. They had people apply. They put on the contest. The winner was chocolate cake.
Kate and Jan were eating at the mall food court. Kate had a sub sandwich. When it was time to leave she wanted to get a burger to take home. But Jan laughed at her thinking it was a joke. Kate played along and didn't get a burger to go.
There are a lot of bars downtown. My friends and I decided to go to a few last weekend. We started out at one and drank too much. We tried to make it to the second one but it was too late. Instead we got a cab and went home.
Vicki was scared of heights. Vicki was an architect. Vicki was hired to build a new skyscraper. Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels. Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper.
Angela was not a very happy person. Everyone thought that she complained too much. Due to her complaining, Angela never kept friends for very long. Angela found a doctor to try to help her with her unhappiness. Angela subsequently complained about her doctor.
Keith was doing some yard work at his house. He begins to hear a scream from the house. It's his wife lyndie. She is trapped underneath the family car. Keith uses the adrenaline to save lyndie.
Paul, a retired teacher, decided to run for the school board. He was running against several wealthy business owners. Paul honed his message and focused on his life experience. The teachers rallied to support their passionate colleague. Paul won a seat on the school board.
My grandma always wore house shoes. One day, she was working in her garden while I was playing. She saw me step on some of her flowers, and yelled at me. Next thing I knew, her shoe bounced off the back of my head. I turned to see her standing there with one shoe missing, glaring.
Emily was eating at a fast food restaurant. She ordered fries and a burger. Emily's order came out. The fries weren't on the order. Emily told the cashier the order was wrong.
Paul owned a friendly cat. Next door lived an old woman who liked animals. The woman would often feed the friendly cat. When Paul went on vacation, he left the cat with the woman. Upon his return, he learned that the woman moved with the cat to Maui.
Madrid was Mary's favorite city. The art, the architecture, the culture it was all her favorite. She wanted to move there so badly but couldn't afford it. One day though she sold everything she owned and started her trek. Within a month she had an apartment, in Madrid.
Amanda loved the zoo. She bought a ticket and went with her sister. They walked a circle around the zoo and heard a bang. A lion escaped from its cage, so Amanda and her sister left. Amanda was afraid of the zoo after that incident.
Tina was brushing her hair. She was having a hard time getting through a knot. Soon, she was getting frustrated. Out of anger, she slammed the hairbrush on her table. The brush snapped in half.
Thomas was a steamboat captain. He'd find fish anywhere, just to prove his metal. One day he was chasing a school of marlin right into a storm. Thomas' boat struggled against the storm. Thomas' prevailed, and brought home his best catch ever.
Ken was persuaded that mermaids were real. He took a boat and went to the sea. There he waited for an enchanting call. But all he heard was a passing boat. Ken went home disheartened to have lost his dream.
Jerry was a senior in high school. He had to start thinking about college. He took a few tours of some colleges and settled on one. He liked to write and he liked sports as well. He wanted to be a sports journalists and this school would help.
Eric had a little toddler. The boy loved to cry. He didn't eat his vegetables. He threw a tantrum. Eric got him to stop.
I schedule a doctor's appointment to remove a mole. I walked into the lobby of the small practice. I waited patiently for my name to be called. I showed the mole to my doctor after he came to get me. He snipped the mole off in no time.
I bought a white shirt yesterday. I put it in the wash when I got it. I then took it out and saw it was pink. The colors ran together. I was quite disappointed.
The other day my wife was throwing out the garbage. She saw a set of keys still in the door. She knocked on the door and told the occupant. The occupant thanked my wife profusely. I told my wife it was a nice thing to do.
My son-in-law turned 33 today. My son sent him a tribute. They both love the tv show The Office. My son sent a photo of a birthday slogan from an episode. My son-in-law was pleased.
Jane was teaching her daughter. It was basic math. She couldn't figure out how to count. Eventually Jane got too frustrated. She had to stop and take a long break.
Gina and her friend Tami had been walking around the playground. Now recess was coming to an end. As they approached the door Gina saw Rita and Mary waiting for Tami. Tami ran and caught up with them. Gina watched alone as the girls giggled and gossiped.
Bob was out hunting for deer. While running after one, he tripped on some brush. Bob fell and broke his leg. Bob called a friend on his cell phone. Bob was rescued and was more careful from then on.
Tom wanted to meet new people. Tom liked using the internet. Tom found an online chat room. Tom found a new friend. Tom became good friends with this new person.
It was noon and I was hungry. I took some spring mix lettuce and cheese from the refrigerator. I put some lettuce, blue cheese, and salad dressing in a bowl. I tossed the salad. I ate my lunch.
Craig had a large family network. He had 9 brothers. Each of them had at least 1 child. Craig felt like the black sheep of the family, as he had no kids. Despite this, he was a very supportive uncle.
Tom likes to ski. He hasn't been able to go this year because there is no snow. Tom watched the weather and saw that there was going to be a storm. He woke up the next morning to a winter wonderland. Tom finally gets his chance to ski!
Little Zelly sat down at lunch time. She opened her lunch bag with excitement. Inside she saw baby carrots, sliced fruit, and rice with vegetables. At the bottom, she saw a smiley face drawn on her napkin. Her dad always packs the best lunches.
Bob works very hard to provide for his boys. They recognize this and take him to dinner. They go to Bob's favorite steakhouse. Bob gets a porterhouse and loves it. Bob is thankful for his children.
I was ten years old and my parents took me to burger king. My parents usually orders my food. Today, my parents decided to let me order my food. I ended up ordering the same thing I usually get. This was the first time I felt like a grown up.
Larry had just bought a hot coffee. He couldn't wait to drink it until after he stopped driving. While drinking he had to slap on his brakes. This made the coffee go all over him. He swerved and caused an even bigger accident.
Joe and Sally had tough jobs. One day, their boss went out of town. Joe and Sally decided to take it easy and not work very hard. Their boss returned the next day and saw that no work had been done. Joe and Sally were both scolded.
Ken bought a new farm house. The house was in the middle of the woods. He fell in love with the house. Ken started to hear noises. He then saw a ghost one night.
A new soldier just got out of basic training. A uniformed officer walked over to congratulate him. The soldier thanked him but addressed him with the wrong rank. The officer became furious. The officer told the soldier to do 100 push up and say he's sorry.
Jacob tried to propose to Lisa at a basketball game. When Jacob got down on one knee, most of the crowd cheered. Except, Jacob didn't propose during a break in the game. Some people booed, because Jacob was distracting them from the game. Security-guards escorted Jacob and Lisa from the game.
Horatio had always wanted to try writing a novel. He traveled the world for one year to gain inspiration. Over that year he had many romantic encounters. When he got home he sat down to write his novel. However, the stories were too personal for him to share.
Janine had just come home from the grocery store. She immediately went to put away her cold food. Unfortunately there was no room in her freezer. As quickly as she could she cleaned out some space. Finally she was able to get her food safely put up.
The captain of the new steamship wanted to  test it out. He commanded the engine crew to go full steam. The ship sailed across the sea faster than anyone ever went. The captain then commanded a hard turning maneuver. The boat tilted hard but performed admirably throughout.
Susan went to summer camp near the ocean. While she was at camp a hurricane approached the area. The camp move 800 campers inland to a high school. The kids stayed up late watching movies and eating donuts. That adventure was Susan's favorite night at camp.
The Johnsons always go to the beach each summer. They usually stay at a hotel. Since their family keeps growing they decided to buy a house. This was a surprise to the Johnson kids. They found a beach house and bought it.
One day Laurie took a trip to Ohio. First she went to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Then she went to Cedar Point. Finally she went to Columbus Zoo. She had a great time.
Mike was riding his bike to work. He wasn't looking as he sped through a puddle. The bike wheels splashed water up onto his clothes. All of his work suit was damaged with muddy water. Mike still went to work and hoped that no one would mind.
Maria was getting her infant up from a nap. She realized that his diaper had exploded. It was really gross and she cringed as she cleaned it. Luckily, it didn't take long. Soon, he was clean and she was snuggling him.
Anita owned a bakery. She spent her whole life's savings to open the bakery. Nobody liked the pastries that Anita sold. Anita's bakery was failing. Anita decided to burn down the bakery instead of see it fail.
Timmy was walking around school with his flip flops. A group of guys noticed and surrounded him. One of the people in the group criticized his flip flops. The others stepped in the conversation. Timmy never wore his flip flops to school after that day.
Brody is allergic to peanuts. He is travelling on an airplane with his sisters. The flight attendant brings everyone a bag of peanuts. Brody gives his bag to his sister Faith. Faith eats all his peanuts.
Ella had an easy pregnancy. She gained very little weight. She got no stretch marks. But one strange thing did happen. Ella's feet grew two sizes!
Every day Bob leaves for work very early in the morning. He liked to read the sports section on the bus. Every day, he took the sports section and left the rest of the paper. No one in the household read any other part of the paper. The paper stopped coming early enough, so he cancelled it.
Cindy use to work for a call center. She was a very hard worker. One day she got a call from a grumpy old man. The man chewed her out for no reason. Cindy ended up quitting her job.
Tiffany set a pot of water on the stove to boil. She then placed pasta inside. She did not check to make sure it was done. She drained the pasta and mixed in the sauce. The pasta was still hard and the dish was ruined.
The figure skater was preparing for a big competition. She strained her back in practice. The skater went to physical therapy to strengthen it. She slowly felt better. The skater skated without pain and won the competition.
Miss Huxley's son was missing. She hired a private investigator to look for him. The investigator searched all of the son's favorite hang outs. He found Miss Huxley's son in Las Vegas. He had eloped with his girlfriend.
Kate was laying on her bed. A young centipede ran across her wall. When she tried to kill the centipede it scurried off to quickly. Kate thought of the baby centipede she spared 2 weeks earlier. Kate regretted her earlier decision to spare the centipede.
Keenan had gotten in trouble at school. His teacher had a meeting with his parents. Keenan's parents were not very happy. They scolded and punished Keenan. He began to improve his behavior.
There was a little lonely boy. He didn't have much to play with. He found an old ball in the back of the woods. He cherished this ball like a friend. It was all the boy had just the boy and his ball.
Jared had never been fishing before. Last spring he got the chance to go for the first time. He didn't catch anything and got sunburned. All his friends had a good time. He decided fishing wasn't for him.
Sammy ran an online business. His hosting service was usually dependable. One day the site went down and did not come back up. Sammy called the hosting service to learn why. They said that their servers had overheated and caught on fire.
Warren was feeling relaxed and calm. He was on a boat fishing for deep sea fish. Suddenly, his arm had intense pain. A shark had bitten him! Warren screamed for the captain to rush him to a hospital.
Farrokh was a poor Indian child slumming on the streets. One day he was caught stealing food. Farrokh, thinking quickly, said he'd trade a song for the food. The stall keeper laughed at him, but Farrokh began singing anyway. It was so moving, the stall keeper wept and let him go.
Joanna was a very talkative person. Because of this, she was very good at ending awkward silences. Once, her mother in law made an inappropriate remark. Joanna filled the silence by agreeing with her mother in law. Now, everybody thinks she's a bigot.
Finian worked as a coach at a local high school. He raised money to get the school a new track. He donated the funds to the school. Due to a budget emergency, the donation was diverted to pay for staff. Finian never spent his time fundraising ever again.
Rose wanted to see New York City. She took a train ride into Manhattan. There, she saw the sights. Then she had famous New York pizza. Rose loved visiting New York!
Jennie was very excited. She was going to play her first basketball game that day. Jennie put on her uniform, and drank a sports drink. Jennie played well the whole game. Jennie's team won!
Randall did not like blueberries. One day his class went blueberry picking. He tried a fresh blueberry. Randall was surprised at how good it tasted. He decided he actually liked blueberries.
Shayla had not seen her sister in many years. They finally met at a family reunion. Shayla was happy to meet her sister. They took a picture together. Shayla looks at the picture to remind herself of good memories.
Barry was an avid skateboarder. However, there was never anywhere for him to skateboard freely. As Barry was walking, he say a sign for a new skateboard park. Barry was pleased to see the park would be finished by December. Barry was pleased that he would be able to skateboard freely.
Kate loved to play a zombie video game. She would come home from work excited to start playing. One day she found they offered a new map on which to play. But she didn't want to pay another $15. She dreaded it, but ended up buying the new map anyway.
Martha is cooking a special meal for her family. She wants everything to be just right for when they eat. Martha perfects everything and puts her dinner into the oven. Martha goes to lay down for a quick nap. She oversleeps and runs into the kitchen to take out her burnt dinner.
Ian received his test results in the email. He found out that he failed his evaluation exam. He was terrified of it and visited his advisor. The adviser told him that he can't continue classes. However, he recommended a different major for Ian to do.
Ken is on vacation. Ken is in Las Vegas. He heads to a casino to gamble. He spends his night playing poker. He loses all of his money in one night.
John was excited to learn how to drive. His father taught him nearly every day for two weeks. John was finally ready to take his driver's test! He aced the written and practical parts with perfect scores. John was happy he could finally drive on his own.
Usually I make fun of my parents playing the lottery. I told them it was a waste of money. They one day tried to convince me to play and use their numbers. I decided against it. They ended up winning over a hundreds of dollars using their numbers.
Anna had an important assignment. Anna had left the assignment instructions in her locker. School was closed. Anna called her friend. Her friend sent her a copy of the instructions by email.
I had planted two plants, called butterfly bushes. I did not know that they would get over 9 feet tall. I was planning how to pull them out of the garden to transplant. As I sat contemplating, I saw a hummingbird fly out of the tree. I decided to leave the trees exactly where they were.
Greg grew up on a farm. On this farm, there was much work to do. Greg worked very hard and became a successful farmer. Greg taught his children the essence of hard work as well. Now gone, Greg left a legacy that hard work never fails.
Mark loved to gamble and play cards. Mark though he was very good, as he earned lots of money gambling. One day, Mark decided to bet all the money that he had. Unfortunately, Mark lost all his money in one single day. Nowadays, Mark warns people about the dangers of gambling.
I went to a friend's house. We watched the Olympics opening ceremony. We had barbecue. I brought dip. I left once it was over.
I wanted to play games all day. I turned on the Xbox. I began to search for something new. I found a star trek game. I was thrilled to see that it was free.
The phone rang at the pizza parlor so I jumped from my seat to answer. When I touched the phone the ringing stopped. I walked back to my seat. Once I sat down the phone rang again. This time I ran to the phone and answered it in time.
My utilities bill was expensive! I couldn't afford it. I decided to stop using electricity. I bought candles instead. My next bill was very affordable!
Joe had always wanted to be a quarterback. He practised throwing a football all the time. His brother got tired of always having to play catch. After all the years of hard work Joe's dream came true. He was chosen to be the starting quarterback of his high school team.
I wanted to play the lead in our drama club play. But I was afraid other people were better actors than me. I signed up for the audition anyway and got two call backs. Finally the list of who got what part was posted on campus. I learned I got the part and that audiences love me.
I am a violinist and would like to play in the New York Philharmonic. A few months ago a job was posted and I decided to take the audition. I prepared diligently for months. At the audition I suddenly became nervous and did not play well. I was dismissed after the first round.
Jason went to the grocery store with a coupon for toilet paper. He looked around the whole store but couldn't find his brand. He asked an employee who even went in the back. But they were out of that particular brand. Jason had to buy a new brand and trust it would be good enough.
Maxine is a professional chef. Her dream is to cook at her favorite childhood restaurant. She learns that the previous chef of the restaurant has been fired. Maxine applies for the position. She is hired and achieves her dream.
Bree loved to cook and always spent time in the evening cooking. One night, she decided to make cornbread. She started stir ingredients and realized she did not have eggs. She begged her mother who ran to the store to purchase some. She was able to complete her recipe for the cornbread.
Mira dug through her closet for an outfit. She found nothing. She decided it was time to do some laundry! She schlepped her clothes to the laundromat. There, she threw everything into a washer and turned it on.
Henry prepared baked chicken, with rice and mashed potatoes. He prepared a plate of food for his wife. When she bit into the chicken, she had a disgusted look. When she spit her chicken out, Henry can see the wrong pieces. He immediately apologized.
Hailey's father was upset that she left the sink filled with dishes. He asked her one time to not leave the sink filled like this again. Hailey left dirty dishes and dirty water in the sink after he asked. Her father came home and saw it one last time, then he yelled. This time after getting yelled at, she did the dishes the right way.
Tim was an avid skydiver. He had several jumps under his belt. He probably grew too confident. One day his parachute didn't fully deploy. Tim hit the ground hard and became paralyzed.
Blair was making sugar cookies on Christmas Eve. She popped them in the oven and left to clean up a bit. Suddenly she remembered her cookies minutes too late. To her dismay all of them had burnt to crisps. Luckily she was able to whip a new, better batch quickly.
Tom was a rookie politician. He made a small vote. Tom didn't realize the bill had far reaching consequences. It turned out to be a bad choice. The vote came back to haunt Tom often.
Bobby was interested in learning how to play chess. He asked his older brother to teach him the basics. Bobby liked the game and picked it up pretty quickly. Before long, he even managed to beat his brother at a few games. Chess quickly became Bobby's very favorite hobby.
John got a new puppy and wanted to train him. He signed him and his dog up for obedience classes. The first day of class was very hard for John and his dog. However, they kept going to class and working hard. Soon John was happy to see that his dog was the best in the class.
I entered a dancing contest. I learned that the judges really liked splits. I practiced all week to try and do a cool split. During the contest, I fell on my face in front of everyone. It was so funny that I won the contest.
Tom wanted to send his friend money. His friend lived very far away. He asked his friend what to do. His friend suggested using Paypal. Tom used Paypal to send his friend the money.
The kids loved watching YouTube. They found a channel of Minecraft videos. They watched them every day after school. They watched a video about a specific mod. They rushed to download it for themselves.
The family was re-tiling their bathroom. They picked out a bold tile. They were excited to see how it looked once it was installed. The tile worker worked on it all day. The finished product was great!
Ben was on a hike one day. Suddenly, he realized he was lost! He tried to stay calm and remember what to do. He stayed put so rescuers could find him. Thankfully, Ben's friends found him very soon.
I hated my brown eyes. I would stand in front of the mirror glaring at them. I wanted blue eyes, like pretty girls had. Everyone said I was beautiful, but I didn't see it. I only liked my black hair.
We used to buy fried chicken from Freddie Parker's. One day we bought a large dish. My mother and father ate some pieces. We all got sick over the weekend. We did not go to Freddie Parker's again.
Peter was handing out candy bars for Halloween. The kids were thrilled when he handed them over. Soon there was a long line of kids trick or treating. They were all appreciative of the giant candy bars. Peter was the most popular guy in town!
Growing up I had a neighbor who was an old man. The old man would sit on his porch. Overtime I walked to school he would wave at me. I didn't talk to the old man, but I knew he was there waving at me. When he passed away I felt really sad and wished I talked to him.
An asteroid blazed across the sky. It fell to the ground with a soft shock. A man walked by and looked at it. The rock glowed with heat as he reached for it. The man felt the heat and back off until it was cool.
Ann Marie was a strange girl. Her friend looked for her all over the house. She called back that she was in the bathroom. After a while, they went to check on her. She was sitting on the toilet eating toothpaste.
Tom had recently gotten a good raise at work. He had become tired of his old furniture. He decided to buy all new stuff. He talked to an interior decorator about it. Together they got great new pieces.
The man missed some class. There was a pop quiz one day. He had not prepared for the test. He did very poorly on the test. He failed the class.
I went to the store to buy a new phone. The one I wanted was available. The salesperson showed me three different colors. I had a hard time choosing. I finally decided on the grey model.
Weston was in the third grade. One day at school, the teachers started acting strange. Weston found out that a big flood had come through town. The school was blocked off from the homes for the whole day. Weston had to stay at the school until late that night.
Kate was getting ready to go grocery shopping. She was trying to write up a meal plan but had no ideas. She decided to scroll through her social media for inspiration. Luckily she quickly spotted some yummy recipes she wanted to try. Soon her list was ready and she headed to the store.
Martin was planning on getting his first tattoo but was scared. The tattoo artist greeted him as Martin was shaking. Martin proceeded to pick out a nice design of his name. He sat in the chair and flinched as the artist took his time. Once the artist was done, Martin looked in the mirror and liked it.
Daniel loved to go to the cinema. He loved watching many new movies. One day, he did not have a ride to the movies. He became sad because it was his favorite movie. David was forced to take the public bus to the cinemas.
Gina had been waiting to see her crush Jamie all day long. Finally it was time for recess. She looked all over the playground for him. He was no where to be seen. Gina realized he was not at school  that day.
I wanted a Playstation. But, I didn't want to pay for one. I decided to steal it from the store. I was caught! I was sentenced to prison for petty theft.
My daughter wanted to go play at the neighbor boy's house. It was seven-thirty on a school night so I said no. She cried and we argued about it for fifteen minutes. Then, the doorbell rang and it was the neighbor boy. I realized that my daughter will somehow end up getting her way.
Kelsi suffered from stage fright. She was worried about being in the school play. When rehearsal came she forgot her lines. She just stood there. She wished she wasn't in the play.
Gary's grandfather would drive Gary to school. His grandfather was a terrible driver. He would drive too fast and run stop signs. Gary was afraid to ride with his grandfather. Gary decided to ride his bike to school.
Jane was washing her car. She was rinsing it down. ALl of a sudden she remembered she left a window down. Her car interior was soaked. She had to clean that out too.
Jake was excited for the upcoming wrestling match. He set up his big screen tv in the backyard. Jake invited all of his friends over. His friends brought food and drinks. They spent the rest of the night watching wrestling!
Bill tried to convince his neighbor not to vote for Donald Trump. Bill's neighbor got very upset at his suggestion. Bill tried to calm his neighbor's attitude. Bill finally gave up and went inside his house to hide. Bill never did convince his neighbor to change his vote.
Martin was a violent soccer player. He would always take cheap shots at opponents. One day he was fouled really hard. He complained to the ref but was ignored. Ever since then he started being less violent.
Maple is having a few drinks. She leaves to get in her car. She drives down the highway drunk. She is pulled over. She is arrested for driving drunk.
Grandma Jenkins cooked a large pot of gumbo for lunch. She called the entire family to come over and eat. Everyone ate some gumbo then went back for more! After lunch, everyone helped clean the dishes. Grandma Jenkins delighted in her time spent with family.
For a week, the news warned about a big storm. People in the city bought canned food and water bottles. The storm finally hit the town. People hid inside of their homes and waited. When the storm passed, nobody was hurt, but a few homes were flooded.
Julia was competing in a Halloween costume contest. She had the original idea of being a squid. She spent weeks making an elaborate costume. The day came and she paraded on stage. Unsurprisingly, her artful costume won the biggest award.
Tonight we had pizza for dinner. It was a Sicilian style pie. We also had garlic knots. Both dishes were tasty. I was very thirsty after dinner.
Our apartment building has a clubroom. Last month they sponsored ping pong on Wednesdays. Tonight my wife saw an old man playing a young woman. He was smiling as he played. She told me she thinks he is trying to pick up the woman.
Tim liked spicy food. He was eating with friends. There was some hot sauce. Tim figured he could eat a lot without it burning. He was right and enjoyed the flavor.
Devin wore her grey sweater all the time. One day she went home from school on the bus. Devin realized she didn't have her sweater when she got off. She was very disappointed with herself. The next day she got on the bus but the sweater was gone.
John went to the park yesterday morning to play frisbee golf. After he arrived he got out of his car and went to his trunk. He opened the trunk expecting to find his frisbees. None of his frisbees were in the trunk where he thought they were. It turns out that he left them all at home and had to go back.
When I was younger, I was standing on a platform. I hopped down, but my foot got stuck. I thought it had bruised, but I looked and realized I had been cut. I had to go to the hospital to get stitches. There is still a scar where the stitches were.
Pat bought a farm. He added a donkey to his list of animals. The donkey was a lot of fun! He named it Barney and would lead it around the pasture. Pat was happy to have a fun new pet.
A swarm of bees swarmed onto a column on Fred's front post. His neighbor suggested he call a professional to remove them safely. Fred's dad was a bee farmer and he thought he could do it himself. Fred's neighbor watched as the bees chased him around his yard. When the mad bees started stinging everyone in town, Fred called 911.
Amy wanted a new dorm room. She needed to get away from her dorm mate Sue. She visited the resident adviser and explained her need to move. She was told there may be an opening and she could move. Amy was ecstatic to be moving away from Sue.
Anita was tired of not being important to her husband. She complained he didn't spend enough time with her. Her husband said he had to work and study. Anita didn't agree with him studying and not loving her. Her husband had to chose between his wife and his money.
I was getting ready to leave my hotel room for the day. Suddenly the fire alarm went off. I left my room and headed to the stairs. The alarm stopped before I got outside. I was relieved that it was only a drill.
I once was driving during a summer afternoon storm. Suddenly a lightning bolt struck the road about 50 meters ahead. I was startled by how wide the bolt was. This made me think about forces greater than myself. That night I began reading the Bible.
My 80 year old neighbor Louise sat on the bench today. She and her son John were taking the bus to Harvard Square. Louise said she gets cabin fever and needs to get out. They caught the 227 bus. I waved goodbye to her.
Jim kept hearing a pop song on the radio. After a while it got stuck in his head. He noticed himself humming it randomly. Some of his friends caught him and made fun. Jim didn't care and kept enjoying it.
I lost control last night. And I ate so much food that I couldn't walk. The next day, I wasn't even hungry. And I decided to walk for 4 hours to make up for what I ate before. But I only felt a small improvement.
The boy left the gate open. The dog got out. The family searched for the dog. They found it a few blocks over. The boy cried in relief.
Beth was an outgoing person. She enjoyed the attention from wearing unique clothes. She wanted to attract more attention. She wanted to express herself more. She died her hair blue.
Every night after work I would watch television. I realized that this was an unhealthy habit. I decided to sell my television set. Now, I had to do other things like read or exercise. My health improved now that the television set was gone.
Charles was desperate to buy a car. He called a guy named Angel from Craigslist. Angel told Charles this sports car has no issues, runs like new. Charles bought the car although he felt he needed another opinion. Charles' mechanic said the car had major problems and was no good.
Jenny was in a clothing store. She saw a pair of pants she really wanted. The pants were really expensive. Jenny tried putting the pants in her bag. She was caught by store security.
Amy didn't have enough hours at work. The first week of November her boss announced the holiday season. She informed Amy there would be a lot more hours available. Amy was very happy. Finally things were looking up.
Timmy was jealous as he watched breakdancers on TV. He always wanted to move like that. So he hired a breakdance instructor to teach him. He got better every day. Now Timmy is on TV breakdancing.
Ivanka was ready to purchase her first home. She had saved up plenty of money and knew what she wanted in a home. Ivanka looked at many houses. She was always unsatisfied with the homes she looked out. Ivanka decided to custom design and build her own home.
Kia saw a dog running across a lawn towards her. She was terrified and knew the dog would attack her! But then it stopped short at the edge of the lawn. Kia realized that the yard had an underground fence. She was very relieved!
Marge was excited to take her first train tour. As the train took off, Marge saw trees splendid in autumn colors. Moments later, Marge nodded off, lulled by the train's movement. When she awoke, the passengers were disembarking. She heard them remark about all the beautiful sights they'd seen.
Mike went to the grocery store to buy some milk. When he tried to pay he realized his wallet was gone. He looked everywhere in the store for it. Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found. Mike was happy he had his wallet and his milk.
Tim is very excited when he gets his dream job. His best friend Bo will be the person training him. But Tim finds out that he will be replacing Bo who is being fired. He tells Bo the news and offers to quit. Bo tells him not to quit because he's still going to get fired anyway.
The ride seemed tame to the mother. She took her small children on the ride. They seemed excited, but a little apprehensive. She noticed that her youngest had his fingers crossed. She assured him that the ride was safe and fun.
I volunteered at an animal shelter over the summer. I watched as dogs came in and was adopted out. However, one dog always remained. I felt sorry for the older dog that no one wanted. So, I convinced my parents to adopt him.
Lisa had no clean clothes so she decided to do laundry. She piled all of her whites into the washer. When the buzzer dinged, she opened the washer and saw pink! A red sock had been hidden in the load and dyed the clothes. Now all of Lisa's clothes are ruined.
Kelsey was obsessed with mermaids. She loved them dearly since she was a kid. She just got laid off and needed work ideas. Immediately, she decided to apply to be a paid mermaid for parties. She got the job and enjoyed living out her dreams.
Tom's girlfriend loved flowers. Tom wanted to take her somewhere special for a date. He took her to a park that had thousands of gorgeous flowers. His girlfriend loved the surprise and the flowers. She thanked him.
I started a website for my essays on art. I thought I would put out four new articles every week. That proved to be a massive undertaking. I still managed to keep up with it for a few months. Recently I've been doing one or two articles per week instead.
My grandmother taught me to sew when I was a young girl. I really enjoy doing it. My grandmother has since passed away. I continue to create new sewing projects 3 times a month. This reminds me of my grandmother.
Tammy didn't have a Halloween costume. She decided to wear a silly wig. Nobody knew who she was. She explained her situation. Everyone thought she was lame.
Cindy decided to bake a chocolate cake. But she forgot to buy sugar. She tried to find an alternative sweetener in her kitchen. But she had nothing. Cindy had no choice but to bake the sugarless cake.
Jake just moved out of his old neighborhood to a new town. Knowing no one he decided to go to the local park. He ended up meeting 5 people in town. They all ended up going back to Jake's place that night. They all ended up having a great time together.
Rick never smoked in his life. His friends invited him to play poker. Everyone but Rick smoked cigars. Rick decided to try smoking a cigar. He was immediately hooked and is now a cigar enthusiast.
Today my friend and I went to the beach. It took us an hour to get there. On the way we stopped for coffee. When we got to the beach we put our feet in. The water was absolutely great.
A group of people were sitting outside in front of a restaurant. Suddenly, a large kid with a black hoodie walked by. His hands were in his pocket. The group got out of their seats and ran. They were terrified and shouted out loud.
Jim knew he shouldn't be speeding, but he was late for work. After getting stuck at two red lights, he gently accelerated. Suddenly, Jim heard a police siren behind him and his heart sank. The officer was friendly, but he still had to write Jim a ticket. Jim learned that it never pays off to speed while driving!
Jim was bored. So he decided to read scary stories online. He became absorbed in a story about alien abductions. And afterwards, he feared an aliens would abduct him. He became increasingly paranoid and barely went outside.
The whole soccer team sat on the bench during half-time. The coach gave a big speech to motivate the team. The coach's words fired up the whole team. Everyone rose to their feet and ran out on the field. The fans all cheered the team as they began to play.
I went to an old elementary school. There were old trees surrounding it. It was a beautiful building. But it was torn down. They built a new school there.
My father was a cook in Chinese restaurants. He was temperamental and changed jobs often. Luckily he was a good cook and could get work easily. One day he quit and was unable to find work. He retired on social security.
May was the best drink mixer she knew. She wanted to get into the bar business. However, she didn't have enough money to buy her own building. She worked as a margarita mixer at a rival bar to earn money. She decided she love it so much that she just ended up staying.
Carl loved the snow. He played in it all the time. Today he spent hours making a snowman. It was extremely detailed. Carl's parents were impressed by his creativity.
Timmy and his sister were playing soccer. Timmy accidentally kicked the ball into their neighbor's yard. He rang the doorbell of his neighbor. His neighbor told Timmy he couldn't get his ball back. Timmy climbed over the fence and retrieved the ball anyway.
My brother and I took the ferret we'd found into the house. We showed it to our parents and explained what happened. They called the police. An officer came and said we could keep it if the owner didn't call. A few minutes later a boy showed up and claimed him.
Sarah wanted to move out of her parent's house. She needed a source of income to support herself. She applied for jobs all over. She eventually heard back from a company. Sarah accepted the job offer and moved out of her parent's house.
Cindy wanted new shoes. Her mom had just bought her a pair. Cindy knew she did not need to ask for more money. She decided to get a job and save. Cindy was able to buy her own shoes.
The little girl was watching Elmo episode. Elmo has got in some trouble. The little girl started to cry. Mom explained to the girl, Elmo will be ok. The girl was happy.
Elle's class went to the petting zoo. Everyone had a little bucket of food for the animals. As she was feeding a little goat from her hand she felt a shove. A bigger goat knocked the food right out of her other hand. Then he ate all the rest of the food by himself.
A truck has been parked for a week near our building. It makes it harder to get out out of our driveway. My wife checked to see if it stayed for more than 24 hours. It is against the city law to park in one spot for more than 24 hours. Today the truck left.
Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired. He called into work and then went to the doctor. The doctor gave him some medicine and sent him home. Jo took his medicine and rested for a few days. Jo woke up a few day later and felt better.
Sara was waiting for a package. Every day her mailman came at ten in the morning. But today he was very late. He didn't arrive until one in the afternoon! But luckily, at least he had Sara's package!
Tom always let his phone die. He was bad at charging it. His friends bought him an extra battery case. It didn't help much. Tom kept forgetting to charge that too.
Jason wants to buy a new laptop. His old laptop is getting slow. Jason researches current laptops. Jason decides to buy an Apple Macbook. Jason goes to the Apple store and purchases his new laptop.
Joe's wife nagged him about cleaning the gutters. He got out the ladder but then got distracted. He told his wife the gutter job was done. A couple weeks later, Joe's wife dragged him outside. He saw that acorns in the gutter had sprouted into trees.
Connie fondly remembers going to church when she was a kid. Unfortunately as an adult she has not gone in many years. Since moving to a new city she wants to change that pattern. She drove past a church she thinks might be a good fit. Now that she knows their hours she intends to go the next weekend.
Sheila loved her grandkids very much. She loved being able to shop for them. Christmas was coming but Sheila was low on cash. She went and picked up a part time job. When she earned enough money to shop she quit her job.
The beach had a lot of people working out. Girls would walk by the men. The men would flex for them. They really liked that. They asked for phone numbers.
Amy wanted her mom to take her to the big mall. Her mother hated going to the mall because it was far away. She finally convinced her mother to take her. Amy had to shop quickly since her mom was irritated. She found an outfit she liked, but had no time to look for shoes.
Learning to play the piano has been a dream for Josie. Her mother played and she was very good at it. Her mother died last year and now nobody uses the piano. Josie moved the piano to her home and called a teacher. She now takes lessons in her home twice a week.
Greg took his family on vacation. They got a rental car at the airport. While they drove, a semi swerved and hit them! Greg was very nervous that the rental agency would charge him a lot. His insurance company said they would take care of it.
My daughter went to Boston College from 2003 to 2007. The dorm room doors are often open. She went out for class one day. When she returned she found her camera was missing. She reported this to campus police but never recovered her camera.
My wife ordered something from jet. One of the items was incorrect. I contacted their customer service. The rep will refund me, and I do not have to return the item. I was shocked at the great customer service.
Tim needed a fruit to eat. He wanted a fruit that tasted good. He looked in the kitchen for the fruit. He almost gave up. Finally, he found some fresh grapes to eat.
Jill loved to bargain hunt at thrift stores. One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store. She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars. Finally, Jill decided to treat herself and bought the bag. Later, she learned that the bag was Chanel brand and worth thousands!
Lauren has just moved into a new home. Her living room is completely empty. She visits the local furniture store to look for a new chair. She finally finds one that is in her budget. She is happy to be decorating her new home.
Lisa thought she was an amazing tennis player. She challenged Donna to a friendly match. Donna agreed. Donna practiced every day for hours. Eventually Donna beat Lisa in a tiebreaker.
Smokey lived alone in a small apartment and could barely pay her rent. She decided to get a better job but she needed transportation. A local church decided to buy her a used car as a gift. Smokey took the car, packed her apartment, loaded it up and left. No one has heard from her since.
While moving into my new house I didn't have a bed to sleep in. My roommate offered to let me borrow her spare futon. I obviously agreed to that and started sleeping on it! It was very comfortable and I enjoyed it a lot. I ended up asking if I could pay her for it, and she allowed me to!
Sal went to the petting zoo. The goat approached him. At first Saul was intimidated. But then he dared to pet the goat, and it was friendly. Sal saw that goats were cute playful creatures after all!
Hector was watching his TV one night when it just shut off. Hector immediately got up to find out what was wrong. When he turned it back on the display showed an error code. Hector looked up what the error meant online. He fixed the problem quickly after finding out what was wrong!
Nina needed to transfer some money from one account to another. Unfortunately, the banking website was down for maintenance. She was forced to get on a city bus to go to the nearest ATM. She raced off the bus, to the ATM She was able to transfer the money just in the nick of time.
Steve got a new computer on Wednesday. He couldn't wait to get it out of the box and start setting it up! He pulled everything out of the box, and placed it on his desk. Everything was there except for the power cord. Steve called and was told the cord would arrive in two business days!
Carl was walking to the market. But it began to rainy. He thought about turning back. But he thought the rainy was beautiful. Instead of going to market, he stayed outside to enjoy the rainy.
Billy was drinking punch. His cup fell and broke! Billy was sad. Billy's dad brought home a new cup. Billy could finally enjoy punch again!
The boy walked into the shop. He looked around, confused as to what he wanted. He walked over to a shelf filled with figurines. He picked an entire family of Simpsons characters. He took them home and added them to a homemade figurine display.
Tony was trying to open a pickle jar. He couldn't get the lid off. He decided to run it under warm water. Soon, he was able to get the lid off. Then, he ate some pickles.
Mary had to write an essay for English class. She went to her father's study to use his computer. Working hard, she completed forty pages of her essay. Her little sister came in and pressed a button, deleting it all. After Mary stopped crying, she got back to work on her essay.
I was cutting planks at work with a band saw. My friend came over and patted me on the back. Thus, I lost my concentration and my finger slipped into the saw. My finger was cut off. I fainted and went into a coma for a week due to the shock.
Reuben is a highly recruited football player. His new coach wants him to adjust his game. He works hard in the weight room. Reuben becomes a dominant force Reuben plans to play in college.
Stacey was 40 years old with no kids. She regretted not having kids in her life. For companionship, she adopted a lab named Pocky. Pocky grew to be her best friend. Pocky fulfilled her need for children, as he's her fur baby.
On a hot day, Ann went to sleep in the basement because it was cooler. During the night, a thunderstorm knocked out the power. Ann awoke in pitch blackness in the windowless basement. As she stumbled around, Ann thought she had gone blind. Reaching the stairway, a bolt of lightning briefly lit the room.
Bob arrived early at the airport for his flight. He had booked one on the generic airline at nine in the morning. Bob waited for twelve hours for it to depart. The generic airline charged him additional fees when they landed. Bob was so heated he wrote a stern letter of complaint to the airline.
Max had just bought a slushie at the gas station. He brought it home and set it on his desk. Then, he went to the bathroom. When he came out he saw that his cat had knocked it over. There was blue ice everywhere, and Max had to clean it up.
Kim ordered a carton of fried wontons. The delivery man brought her food twenty minutes later. But when she opened it up, it was hot and sour soup! She called the restaurant and told them of the mix-up. They quickly sent her out the proper food.
Ella went in for a root canal. Then the dentist said he could not help her yet. First she had to remove all her tongue rings. Ella had had them in for Years! They were very difficult to remove!
Katie found a dress she loved. It fit her like a glove. She went to buy it and it was out of her budget. Katie decided to have the saleswoman hold it. Katie told her mom about it and she bought it for it.
I bought a bottle of brandy. Alas, I dropped it on the way home. I got angry because it cost a lot of money! A lady saw what happened. She decided to buy me another bottle!
Jerry always wanted to be a comedian. He struggled getting gigs. Even when he got gigs nobody really like his stuff. So he sat down and rewrote some material for a gig. At the gig he made everyone in the crowd laugh.
Danny is making homemade mac & cheese. He begins boiling the noodles. Then, he melts some high grade cheeses together. After combining all the ingredients, he feels his stomach growl. He knows he's outdone himself this time.
The family was visiting the mountains. They climbed into a tram to get to the peak. The got higher and higher. They took pictures of the beautiful scenery. It was amazing to be so high up!
Larry wanted to start making big money. He applied to be a police officer. He made it to the third interview. Here they asked him has he ever smoked pot? He said he experimented with it so they didn't hire him.
Chris had a new baby boy. He handed out cigars to all his friends. They congratulated him as they smoked them. It was a special time for Chris. He was finally a dad!
Carlos needed to find another job to pay for his car payments. He went on the computer to update his resume. As soon as he finished he decided to search for job listings. He managed to find a few positions open for medical assisting. He submitted his resume with an application and waited for a call.
I met up with my friend today. He looked a little pale. When I asked him what's wrong, he told he that he's starving. Since he had no body, I took him to the restaurant. He offered to pay me back, although I said no.
I had a bag of sawdust. I had walked halfway across our deck. My stepdad asked me not to carry my bag there. He took the bag from me. There was sawdust all over the deck.
Jake wanted to take Aly to prom. He wanted to ask her in a creative way. Jake wrote Aly a song that asked her to be his date. Aly was very impressed and accepted the offer. Jake was so glad that he asked Aly.
Kate was a vegetarian. She didn't miss eating meat. One day while out of town at her mom's her mom was frying chicken. The scent of the chicken filled the whole house. She realized fried chicken was what she missed most.
Melanie was packing her daughter's lunch for school. She realized she was out of bread. Melanie gave her daughter some money. She told her daughter to just eat lunch at school. Melanie bought bread later in the day.
My niece used to play with me in roughhouse fashion. One day she ran up to hit me. She was seven. I put my arm up and she lost her baby tooth. Her father laughed at her.
Sam loved trick or treating. He would walk everywhere getting candy. By the time he was done he had a huge bag full. Sam treasured the bag. He would eat candy out of it for months.
Linda needed to go shopping. She went to the grocery store but forgot her list. She grabbed random things and threw them in the cart. When she got home, she wasn't sure what to cook. She had bought an assortment of junk.
Cheryl received a coloring book from school. She opened it up and colored in a dinosaur. She gave the dinosaur red skin and yellow eyes. The coloring was so good, her parents put it on the refrigerator. She was happy and loved coloring ever since.
Tim loved skateboarding. There was a trick he had been trying for weeks. He always came close but could never pull it off. One day he was able to do it right. Ever since then it became much easier to pull off.
Mike was constantly made fun of for his handwriting. He decided to change it. He practiced his penmanship for months. Mike took a spelling test at school. The teacher publicly praised him for his improvement in writing.
I went on ebay to purchase a pair of shoes. When the package finally arrive I was happy. Then, I notice something was off when I open the package. The shoes was very small. The person who sold it to me lied about the shoe's size.
Rick was playing in his living room on a Batman car. Rick stood up on the Batman car and tried to ride it out the door. When he tried to move the car, he slipped off and fell on his head. Rick's mom ran over to him to see if he had hurt himself. After that, Rick never stood on his Batman car again.
Dan had like Mary for the 7 years, ever since they were neighbors. He had wanted to tell her how he felt many times. Finally, he decided to just go for it. He approached Mary and poured his heart out. Mary was disgusted and told Dan to never talk to her again.
Nick and his mom went to the park. Nick saw a man selling balloons and asked his mom for one. They walked over to the man and bought one balloon. When Nick walked away, his balloon flew up into the air. The balloon vendor walked over and replaced the balloon.
Janet normally likes her job as a secretary. One day she kept getting lots of paper cuts. No matter what she did she kept cutting herself. It became too much shortly after lunch. Janet had to ask for the afternoon off and went home.
Tom wanted to have a girlfriend. Tom's friend informed him that women like muscles. Tom decided to lift weights regularly. Tom noticed women responding more positively to him than before. Tom continued lifting weights and got the girlfriend of his dreams.
Timmy believed in Santa Claus. His mother told him he wasn't real though. He still didn't believe her. Christmas eve, Timmy woke up to find Santa at his tree. Timmy woke his mom to show her.
Jake hated big storms. They scared him. There was a big one this night. Jake was so scared he couldn't go to sleep. He stayed up all night hiding under his covers.
Todd made meatloaf for his wife. This was his first attempt at cooking and he was nervous. She took a bite of and said it was delicious. Todd ate some and thought it was pretty good. Todd's wife really didn't like it but didn't want to hurt him.
I bought a new office chair the other day. I have needed a new one for the longest time. I finally saved up enough money to get one. I was very excited to finally sit in my new chair. The new chair is so comfortable.
I was driving to the sports bar. The traffic was congested since an accident occurred recently. Since the traffic was huge, I ended up reaching to the bar late. Me and my wife met up with the bartender. He said that our reservations are declined since there's a full house.
Dan was driving home from work. He had the windows rolled down for fresh air. Dan noticed a giant bee had floated in through an open window. Dan swatted and waved until the bee flew back outside again. Dan breathed a sigh of relief as he drove on home.
Lane was studying abroad in London when Beyonce tickets went on sale. The concert was happening the day before she came back to the US. She was able to reschedule her flight to land the day of the concert. Her flight touched down with 3 hours to spare before the show. Though she was jetlagged, she'll never forget Beyonce's performance!
Kim sent her boyfriend to the store to buy some snacks. She realized she hadn't given him any specific instructions. Kim expected him to botch things the way he normally did. Her boyfriend ended up surprising her by getting her favorite snack. Kim munched happily on a bag of fresh potato chips.
I heard the band play at a music festival. I went with a friend to hear a couple bands. Lynyrd Skynyrd was playing while we left. They were more popular than the other two bands. I asked my friend if he wanted to stay for them.
Henry was playing with a toy telephone. It slipped out of his hand and landed on my mom's foot. She got mad and immediately grabbed a broom. He ran away from her since she aimed the broom at him. He managed to hide from her.
Madison really wanted to buy a new car. She applied to work at different restaurants around town. One day a local restaurant hired her to be their new waitress! Molly worked very hard as a waitress and earned a lot of tips. A few months later she was able to use her tip money to buy a new car!
Little Gerald liked to run and play in the street. Little Gerald never paid attention to traffic and safety. One day while playing, he saw a dog run in front of him into traffic. The dog was struck by a car and was killed. Nowadays, Gerald pays attention to safety in the street.
Leroy had a clever idea. He couldn't afford to practice at the batting park. He bought a t-shirt cannon. Leroy leaned back and wound up with his wiffle ball bat. He swung and knocked a t-shirt into the next room.
Tim learned that he was failing science. He needed an "A" on the final to pass the class. Tim studied hard for two weeks. He thought he did extremely well when he took the test. Tim passed the class with a D-.
The phone rang in the kitchen of Dave's house. He was in the basement when he heard it ring. He put down his work and ran up the stairs. By the time he got to the phone it stopped. Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone.
Mel was nine and wanted grow tall. He decided to take vitamins and eat healthy. He did special stretching exercises, too. On his tenth birthday he was measured again. He was ecstatic to see he had grown half a foot!
The oil light had been on for three weeks. Melinda was still driving it to work everyday. This time the engine began to sputter and cease. Gray smoke started coming out of the tailpipe. She felt foolish and began to cry.
Louis noticed a homeless person in his building lobby. He tried to awaken the man, but had no luck. They had no choice but to call the police. The cops came and they forced the guy out of the lobby. Louis felt bad for the guy, but relieved he was gone.
Thomas was nervous about the presentation assignment. He tried his best to prepare a good Powerpoint. He also added a few special effects to it. In class, he was asked to go first. He ended up forgetting his speech and he lost his powerpoint.
Oliver spent the afternoon playing outside. He had dug in the dirt. Now he was filthy. He immediately hopped in the shower. Then, he got all clean.
Emily made a reservation for 5 at a brand new restaurant. Everyone met at the restaurant at 8:00. We ordered lots of wine and lots of food and everything was delicious! When we were finished, the chef came out and thanked us for coming! It was an amazing experience.
Zach wanted a new video game for his computer. He asked his mom if she would buy it for him. She told him he would have to buy it himself. He got a job at the video game store. When he earned enough, he bought the game own his own.
Hannah tried to prepare a titration. She poured her titrant into the Buret. The buret broke free from it's handle and fell on the ground. The glass broke and one of the pieces scrapped Diana. She immediately jumped into the shower to wash her wound.
It was the season premiere of jack's favorite show. He called and invited his friends. He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere. As they gathered around the tv the news began. Mark was sad the show was postponed for a presidential address.
Sarah travelled to France alone. She took the wrong train and had no idea where she was. She sat down on the steps to cry. A helpful French citizen asked if she could help. Sarah was able to find her way with the help of her new friend.
My mom told me that she didn't have any money to buy food. Considering that I'm on a budget, I searched the house for food. I ran into a can of ravioli. I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it. Afterwards, I decided to go to bed.
Sam was driving down the road. He saw a turtle on the roadway. Sam didn't want to hit the turtle. He swerved a bit to miss the turtle. Sam almost went into the ditch after swerving.
Amber worked hard at her job. She asked for a raise. Her boss called her into his office. They discussed her job performance. She was given the raise she asked for.
Mark and David want to go to the museum. Ed and Steve wanted to go to the zoo. They could not come to a decision as to how to spend the day. Neither group was willing to give in. They decided to stay at home.
Karen absolutely loved dogs. Unfortunately, her parents never allowed her to have one. When Karen got older and got a job, she saved money for a dog. When she had saved up enough, should bought a golden Labrador. She named it Sandy and is thrilled with her new, furry, best friend.
Keisha wanted to go to a Trump rally. Once inside, she felt overwhelmed because of so many white people. She blurted out, Trump how will you help black people? Security made her leave the rally. Keisha told a reporter Trump doesn't see blacks in America
Vivian was late to catch her bus. She saw it around the corner and run after it. The driver didn't stop. Vivian threw her hands in the air in defeat. And the driver seeing her despair, stopped the bus to let her in.
Elena was pulled over by a police officer. He asked her to take out her license. Elena tried to button down her shirt. The officer couldn't sign the ticket and was distracted. He decided to give her a simple warning.
Diana is always misplacing personal items. One morning, Diana couldn't locate her cell phone. Diana looked all over her house for her phone. Finally, Diana gave up and grabbed her lunch from the refrigerator. Diana accidentally discovered the phone sitting on top of her lunch.
Agnes viewed a disturbing video on slaughterhouse practices. She decided to become a vegetarian. She was having difficulties convincing her mom to cook vegetarian. Her mom told her she should learn to cook vegetarian for the family. Agnes bought a cookbook and began making tasty cruelty free food.
Victor has always been afraid of skiing. His father tells him that there is nothing to fear. With his father's help, Victor books an introductory skiing lesson. When he arrives at the mountain, Victor feels nervous. However, as he puts on skis for the first time the fear disappears.
Chris is a star runner. Chris has a big race this sunday. He invited all his friends and family to the race. While at the race Chris runs as hard as he can. He ran so hard he broke his foot and lost the race.
Roxy wanted to make a bed for her dog. So she did research on how to make one. She then went to the shed to gather all of her supplies. Then she got to work right away. Three hours later the dog bed was completed.
Terry was a famous actor living secretly in a small town. While sitting at his favorite coffee shop he sneezed his glasses off. The waitress noticed and asked for an autograph, but Terry refused. Instead he offered to take her on a date if she kept quiet. Terry and the waitress dated secretly for a year, and are now engaged.
Chris was a weird kind of lazy. After going grocery shopping he didn't want to walk in more than once. So he decided to try to carry all the groceries at the same time. He made it as far as the front door before a bag tore and spilled. While trying to pick that up the rest of his groceries fell out.
A lawyer reviewed some law books to help his client. He was not able to find anything that would work. He felt that his client was pretty much guilty. The lawyer closed the book and put it aside. He called the client and told him he quit.
Jenny owns an animal rescue. After the flooding in Louisiana she went down to help. She found that there were a ton of animals needing new homes. She took as many as she could back to her shelter. It took a little time but she eventually found them all new homes.
Kate and her friends were at a Vegas nightclub. The DJ played song after song they had never heard before. Some were even in foreign languages. They tried to enjoy themselves for an hour before giving up. They left the dance floor with defeated looks on their faces.
The woman plucked her eyebrows. She thought that she had pulled out too many. She pulled them all out. She drew eyebrows on her head. She liked the way the drawn in eyebrows looked.
A few years ago, I visited England for the first time. I went over to see my favorite soccer team play in person. I was very anxious that my team would lose. However, they ended up winning in extra time. I enjoyed myself so much I vowed to go back again soon.
Bill was unsatisfied in his job. He decided to expand his professional network. He joined Linked In. He attended local professional meet ups. Bill eventually improved his professional network and found a new job.
I had just made a pot of coffee. As I was pouring a cup, I missed my cup. Instead it hit my hand. I gave myself a burn. Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid.
My father liked to cook. He decided to make french fries. He said the key to the best fries was to fry them twice. I wasn't sure, but I gave them a try. They were amazing.
John Stanfa was the underboss of the Philadelphia Mob. He ruled with an iron fist taking out several of his mob rivals. In the late 80's, Stanfa was driving his car on the highway. A car pulled up beside him and a shooter unleashed a hail of bullets. Stanfa was wounded but the attempt on his life was unsuccessful.
My friend Sally became a vegan at age twenty. She stopped using artificial contraceptives. She had a boy and raised him as a vegan. She stopped being a vegan a few years later, and had two more kids. Both kids ate meat and grew to be taller than their big brother.
Caleb liked movies so he decided to make one. After some research, Calub bought a camera. Caleb tried his best to film a nice story. However, movie making is a lot harder than he thought. Determined, Caleb asked his friend James what he knew.
I wanted to get better at arguing. I looked for a class on argumentation. The closest I could find was a class on formal philosophical logic. The class on elementary logic gave me numerous argumentative tools. In general, it mostly taught me how all of my old arguments were bad.
Brenda was a little girl who had a poor sense of humor. No matter how hard she tried she could not tell a good joke. Brenda decided it was time she finally tell a good joke. Brenda went to her local library and studied joke books. Brenda was finally able to tell good jokes to friends and family.
Teddy is hungry. Teddy walks into a store to grab a meal. Teddy is not wearing a shirt. Teddy is asked to find a shirt or leave. Teddy leaves because he has no shirt.
George was participating in a secret santa in school. He arrived the day of the event with his gift. Everyone began exchanging gifts. When it was over, George had no gift. It turned out that there was a mistake, and George was never matched.
I decided to run for exercise. But there was too much smog while running on the sidewalk. So I decided to run to my college and exercise there. And the air quality was much better. I will never run along a busy street.
Ella had an envelope for her mom. It was her report card. The grades were terrible. Ella got sent to her room. She was in big trouble!
Tammy recently got engaged and was excited to go dress shopping. Her friends all met up at a store to look for a dress. Tammy started to try some dresses on, but was quickly disappointed. None of the dresses fit! Now Tammy has to look online for plus size dresses.
The kids complained they were bored. We put on our swim suits. I took them into the yard to play. They got in the pool and splashed around. They had a lot of fun swimming.
Maggie had just poured a bowl of cereal. She went to her room to grab something and got distracted. She ended up cleaning for ten minutes. Suddenly, she remembered her cereal. She went to eat it but it was too late, the cereal was soggy.
The kids in the school yard were playing a game. The winner of the game was announced as the championship. The other kids made the championship a crown from tree branches. They put it on hi head with great care. The champion wore the crown the rest of the day.
Mary loved to visit the zoo. Today, Daddy took her to see the elephants. While they watched, one came very close. Then, it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy's hat! Mary laughed and thought it was the funniest zoo trip ever!
When I was younger I did karate. When I first started I was not that good but I got better. I competed in many tournaments. However I would only get fifth place. It was disappointing.
James was shoveling the snow in his driveway. He fell on a slippery piece of ice on the ground. James broke his hip on the fall down. He had to get surgery at the hospital. James was able to walk again after months of physical rehabilitation.
John wanted a part time job as a college student. He decided to work as a tutor. He found that editing essays for students to be lucrative. He helped many students improve their writing. John was fulfilled in his new found choice of work.
The man crossed an item off the list. His wife saw the list. She wanted to know why the item was crossed off. He said they no longer needed that item. The wife demanded that it go back on the list.
Jeff is up to bat. His team is losing. Jeff knows he has to get a hit. The ball comes to the plate. Jeff swings and misses.
Ken was driving around in the snow. He needed to get home from work. He was driving slowly to avoid accidents. Unfortunately the roads were too slick and Ken lost control. His tires lost traction and he hit a tree.
Ann's friend made her a twenty dollar bet. She bet that Ann couldn't drink two liters of soda in under an hour. Ann accepted the bet. She sipped and sipped, and she won the bet! But she got a terrible stomachache afterwards!
Kevin had a classic 1969 convertible that needed work. He spent every minute of his free time working on the car. He worked on the car for almost a year before it would run. Kevin took the car out for a drive for the first time. He never felt so proud or accomplished in his entire life.
Sally hated her hair. She complained to her parents she wanted to cut it. They finally listen to her. They take her to get her hair fixed at the salon. Sally loves her new hair.
The school campus was hot since the temperature outside is 100 degrees. While I walked between classes, I had exposure to the sun. At the end of the day, I had several sun burns. They healed after a few days. However, major scars appeared on my arms.
Andy was riding his bike around his neighborhood. But then it started to rainy. Instead of going inside, however, he continued to ride. And he had fun riding through puddles. When he got home, he was dripping with water.
On my way to college one morning, I was backed up in traffic. There were several cars in front of me for about an hour. I didn't know what was going on, until I saw police officers. They informed us that there had been a school shooting nearby. I sat in my car and cried with worry about my cousin, but he was ok.
Misty was at home feeling hungry. She wanted to make a sandwich. She looked in the fridge but there weren't any ham. She saw a carton of eggs, though. She made an egg sandwich instead.
Dan saw a feeble looking lady on the other side of a busy street. She appeared to be having trouble reading the traffic correctly. Dan darted over to the lady. Holding her bags, Dan walked with the old lady across the street. She went safely on her way, making Dan feel almost like a hero.
Rick saw a fortune teller on the street. And he decided to go up to him. The fortune teller told him that he would regret a decision. And Rick constantly worried. Rick regret going up to the fortune teller.
Tom was given a new puzzle. He could not figure out how to solve it. He pulled it and shook it, but there was no change. With no solution in sight he threw the puzzle. The impact unsatisfactorily solved the puzzle for Tom.
Maryann wanted to put her essence of style out for the world to see. She began by setting up a blog. Each day she added her outfits and makeup she wore. Slowly, her blog grew. Now, Maryann makes a living doing what she loves.
Nana sings a song to Fiona. Fiona smiles at Nana. Fiona claps her hands. Fiona dances in circles. Fiona sings a song to Nana.
Erica like vampires a lot. She watched all the movies and read all the books. She wished a vampire whisk her off her feet one day. And a vampire came one day and took her. It wasn't like she thought it was going to be.
My wife's boss Fred came back from Florida recently. Fred and his wife owns a condo in Florida. His wife spends all winter down there. Fred goes down every so often. Fred came back relaxed and tanned, and envied.
Cindy was at the mall. And someone tried to convince her to get a foot massage. She reluctantly tried it. But she was amazed at how good it felt. Cindy decided to get massages more often.
Scott enjoyed playing softball multiple times a week. During his last game of the week he tripped in a gopher hole. When he hit the ground he heard a loud pop and had a lot of pain. His foot and ankle swelled almost instantly so he went to the doctor. The doctor determined it was a broken ankle and he could not play.
The mom and daughter loved to bake together. They got a new cornbread recipe and decided to try it. They carefully measured all the ingredients. They put it in the oven for twenty minutes. When it came out, they put butter on top.
I wanted to get married but the law said I couldn't. I pay taxes and obey the laws of the land. I protested and stopped paying taxes. The law now allows me to get married. I changed my mind about marriage.
Kate was having a baby. Her friends threw her a shower. Kate had a miscarriage right before. She had to cancel the shower. Everyone was saddened.
Anna was afraid of butterflies. Then her mom took her to the butterfly conservatory. She saw them flying around beautifully. One even landed on her shoulder! Anna decided butterflies weren't so scary after all.
Denise needed her makeup done for her sister's wedding. Denise had hired a makeup artist from Craigslist to do the job. The makeup artist worked on Denise's face for the wedding. However, when Denise looked in the mirror she did not like it. Denise could not believe she would have bad makeup for the wedding.
Linda liked junk shopping with her grandmother. Every Sunday they would visit a variety of junk shops. Linda would help with selecting certain pieces her grandmother needed. They would then in turn sale the items they found on Amazon. Linda one summer made two hundred dollars from junk sales online.
Carla didn't want to get a new phone. She looked at all the models at the store and hated how big they were. She held them up to her old phone with distaste. She even got into an argument with the salesman about it. I'm surprised she left with one.
Horace had always dreamed of owning his own coffee shop. He takes out a small business loan and finds a open retail space. He works very hard to design a modern look for his coffee shop. On his first day, Horace has many customers who order coffee. He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop.
Gina had new Lisa Frank pencils. A boy named Dave took her pencil and refused to give it back. He refused even when the teacher insisted he return it to Gina. Gina attempted to snatch the pencil from him. He took the pencil and ran across the classroom.
Amanda arrived at the grocery store. She found flour, sugar, and oil on the same aisle. She had to go to the refrigerated section to find eggs. The cashier asked her what she was baking. She told him she was making a cake.
Gene has a fear of roller coasters. He wants to overcome this fear. He plans to ride the biggest and fastest roller coaster. Gene practiced a couple of meditations before the ride. It seems to have worked because Gene is no longer afraid of roller coasters.
Kim always admired people who could swim. She would sit by the pool and watch people swim. She wish she could swim but she was afraid of drowning. Kim overcame her fears and enrolled in a local swim class. She became the swimmer she always wanted to be.
Sam was trying to sell his house. He had put a sign out in his yard. No one was interested. Sam got a real estate agent. The agent was able to sell the house.
Tess went to a diner for breakfast. She ordered a mushroom omelette and hash browns. The waitress brought Tess's food from the kitchen. Tess took a bite of her omelette. Cheese dripped down her chin!
Maria was very sad. She used Kleenex to dab at her tears. When she'd used the whole box, she got another out of the cabinet. She blew her nose a few times when she was done crying. The Kleenex were all soaked.
The sky was clear and sunny, but the mountain was still snowy. They hiked for hours in the bright sun to the top of the mountain. It had gotten so warm, they removed their coats. The snow was still several feet deep on the sides of the trail. The sun and snow combination resulted in terrible sunburns for all.
In the morning, I saw I had a flat tire. There was no way to fix it before work. I asked a friend for a ride. After he dropped me off, he drove over an aluminum can in the lot. It punctured one of his tires.
Lucy wanted to go to a friends. She was waiting for her grandpa to finish his lunch. As she sat he offered her a sandwich. All Lucy wanted was to go to the friends. She waited thinking he ate way too slow.
Ava got her navel pierced. She vowed to keep it a secret from her mom. But her piercing became red and swollen. It had gotten infected! Ava had to tell her mom so her mom could help her.
Jamie began advertising for the dance. She hung a huge poster in the hallway. All the students stopped to read it. A huge crowd showed up to the dance that weekend. Jamie felt successful.
Singer Adele is coming to Chicago. I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift. Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes. Scalpers are flipping Adele tickets for thousands of dollars. I changed my mind about Adele tickets.
My physics teacher told us about the upcoming test. He said that the questions are similar to the homework. I just tried to memorize the homework instead of studying. I ended up failing the exam. As a result, this was a learning lesson and I changed my habits.
Amy was having a great time at a party. She lost track of time. By the time she got home, it was well past curfew! Her mom was waiting up for her. She grounded Amy for two weeks for missing curfew.
Bob's car's check engine light came on. Bob was distraught, because he didn't have the money for car repairs. He used an app and a dongle to clear the code and restarted his car. The engine code reappeared instantly. Bob decided to torch the car and collect the insurance money.
Oliver was playing in the park near some ducks. He was excited to see the animals so close. Before his mom could stop him, he reached out to pet one. The duck bit Oliver hard, making him cry. Oliver's mom comforted him and he learned to leave ducks alone.
Omar was reading a calculus book. But he was becoming impatient and decided to read more quickly. He skipped the exercises because he thought he knew the answers. And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished. When Omar took his calculus test, he had no idea what to do.
Bert liked to barbecue outdoors. He took a plate full of steaks and opened up his grill. Bert didn't know that wasps had built a nest inside of the grill. Some wasps flew out, stung Bert, and he dropped his plate of steaks. Bert decided to keep his grill in the garage when he wasn't using it.
Donald always had a problem with food. He was also lazy and never active. Eventually he grew up to get diabetes. By the time he was 30 he needed a foot to be amputated. He died in his early forties.
I wanted chocolate ice cream. I went to the kitchen to get some. Upon arriving in the kitchen, I found my boyfriend eating the last bit I tried not to look sad but I wanted chocolate! So I went to bed grumpy.
Allie was excited to go to the chocolate factory today. Allie and her friends walked into the factory with extra large grins. The factory worker gave the girls some delicious candy. When Allie tasted the chocolate, it melted in her mouth. Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies.
Hallie was in Hawaii. Her parents took her to the beach. She decided to try snorkeling. She put on a mask and flippers. Then, she swam through the bay.
Tim downloaded a new app for his phone. It was supposed to help make it run better. Instead it messed up his phone. It became practically unusable. Tim immediately deleted the app and asked for a refund.
Dottie was thrilled to be showing her dog at the dog show. It was the biggest dog show of the year. Dottie had been working with her dog for months. When it was time to show, the dog was perfectly groomed. The crowd clapped when they saw how beautiful he was.
Kira wanted a son, but she and her husband were barren. Finally they decided to adopt. They were offered an African baby boy, and they accepted. Soon Kira brought her son Jai home to live. She was so ecstatic!
Gina and her friend were watching music videos. The new NWA video began playing. Gina bragged that her older brother had this album on tape. Her friend didn't believe her and wanted to see the tape. Gina was too scared her brother would find out and be upset.
James decided to mow the grass on Monday. It started to rain before James could complete the task. James decided to hire someone to mow his grass. That person did not show up to mow his grass until Friday. James decided next time he would mow the grass himself.
Molly wanted a new gadget. She bought an iPad on a whim. She played games and read news stories on it. She got bored with it in a few days. She decided to sell it and buy an Apple Watch instead.
Tom was a train conductor. One day he tried to stop the train. The brakes failed for some reason. Tom had to hit the emergency brakes. They jolted the train to a near sudden stop.
Travis has loved makeup since he was a little boy. His mom taught him how she did her makeup. Travis practiced and practiced as he got older. Travis became a famous makeup guru online. Now, Travis has his own makeup line for men and women.
Barry wanted to do something crazy. Barry decided that bungee jumping would be a great crazy adventure. After conducting research, Barry signed up for the next bungee jump. Barry was very nervous to jump, but he closed his eyes and jumped. Barry felt so excited to complete his crazy bungee jumping adventure.
At the beach today the sun was blinding. I could not believe that I forgot sunglasses. My eyes could hardly see in front of me. By the time I headed back to the car, I learned by lesson. I learned to never forgot to bring them again.
My son and wife and I went to dinner one night. I bit into a red hot pepper. I was choking with tears. I ordered milk and drank it. It cooled me down after awhile.
Jane needed to tell her children she was divorcing their dad. She gathered her 3 children into the living room. Jane and Jack explained to the children about the divorce. Her daughter cried, her son looked stunned. To sooth them they went out to eat for their final family dinner.
Amber had two ferrets. The ferrets would pee in the house. Amber's house smelled like urine. Amber bought a cage to put them in. The ferrets didn't pee in the house anymore.
When the kids woke up they found it had snowed all night. At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing. Their parents checked their school's website to see if it was closed. The kids cheered when they learned they had a snow day. That afternoon they went sledding in the fresh snow.
Everyone in Jaron's family watched a dinosaur movie. Everyone loved it so a few nights later they watched it again. The next night Jaron begged to watch the movie again. He watched the movie every night for a month. Jaron's family doesn't like the movie anymore.
Colton was going into first grade. He was the only kid his age who still needed training wheels. He asked his dad to teach him how to ride without them. His dad took them off and gave him a little push. He peddled as fast as he could and never used training wheels again.
Tom was a religious fellow. After a while he suffered many tragedies. It made him question certain things. He started to question his faith. That caused him to suffer more tragedies.
I went to the beach last week on the island. Thinking I was a good swimmer, I thought I would catch the waves. Yet when I got in the water I gasped. The waves overtook me. I nearly drowned so I decided to get out.
Anton bought a coffee machine for his convenience store. He installed the machine himself. He messed up on the plumbing. When he turned on the machine hot water sprayed out. Anton closed the store for the day.
Tina wanted to save money on a computer. So she bought a used one. And the seller said it was used only a few times. Tina noticed scratches and wear. But after several months, the computer still worked fine.
Joey was the lead guitarist in his band. He had an important performance in front his entire school tonight. When Joey got on stage he was very nervous. He completely messed up the guitar solo that he was suppose to play. The crowd booed Joey off the stage after their performance.
Jerome felt the car he was driving pull to one side. He drove the car to the side of the road and stopped. He saw that the front drivers side tire was punctured by a nail. Jerome replaced the tire with a spare from the trunk. He resumed driving to his destination.
Katie recently met a young man that she likes. She has been dating him for more than two months. They have also taken a trip out of town together. She is very committed to this man and hopes the same about him. Katie wants to get married to this young man one day.
Patrick took his father's boat out without his permission. Patrick drove all around the island. The boat overheated and he was stranded. He called for help until someone towed him to shore. Patrick isn't allowed on the boat anymore.
Kyle has not seen his father since he was small. One evening while playing hoops with his friends. A car pulls up into the driveway. A man gets out and hugs Kyle. It was his father who he hadn't seen since he was young.
Dan realized that he was balding at a young age. Dan decided to see a doctor about his options. The doctor gave Dan many options, one of which was a hair transplant. Dan liked the idea of having a hair transplant, and decided to do it. Dan could not wait to see his new hair on his head.
Scott and Sam love dressing up for Halloween. This year they decided to make their own costumes. Both boys wanted to be aliens. They had lots of fun making the costumes. Everyone who saw them told them how great they looked.
Sue decided to get fit. She worked really hard for a long time. She wakes up early every morning to work out. She can run for miles and bench press her own weight. She stuck to her goals and it really worked for her.
I took out a plate of food from the kitchen. I looked for a place in the living room. Several my cousins ate my food when I went to the bathroom. As soon as I got out, I became furious. However, no one confessed to eating my food so I was confused.
Haley and her two-year old daughter were headed to the zoo. They walked around and stopped at the hippo exhibit. The hippos were swimming around in a pond. Haley's daughter threw her favorite stuffed animal into the pond. Luckily, one of the custodians fished it out and returned it to her.
Emily had been signing up to different online jobs to make extra money. One day, Emily found a mystery shopper experience. She received instructions and a check from them. Emily did the work. Once finished, the fraudulent check disappeared, leaving Emily broke.
Lucy ordered some pizza. She waited a half hour for it. When she got it there was a problem. It was ice cold. Lucy had to heat it up.
I wanted to make cool boy eggs for easter. My son went with me to pick them out. We couldn't find any we liked. We decided to boil eggs and crack them before dying. They then looked like dinosaur eggs.
Sally mom told her they didn't have money to pay the light bill. Sally was worried as she sat in the dark. The next morning Sally found a large amount of money. She ran home and gave it to her mother. Her mom paid the light bill.
Maggie was angry that her neighbor captured a herd of wild horses. The neighbor was new to the area and didn't know they were wild. She thought they belonged to someone who wasn't caring for them. Maggie tried to explain that the horses belonged to the community. Unfortunately, the woman called a government agency to pick them up.
The Roberts went to beaches along the Gulf Coast every summer. They loved the beach and had a lot of fun on them through the years. Unfortunately, there was an oil spill off the coast earlier this year. The beaches were closed this summer. The Roberts  decided to stop going to beaches for their family trips.
Richard did not want to live in the dorms next year. He started looking for apartments. He found many different ones. He narrowed it down to three. He managed to get one right by the school.
I was tired of the same old hair color. I was used to having black hair, but it was boring. Everyone said I was crazy to change it. I bought some bleach and turned part of it white. Then I added bright pink dye, creating streaks and a new look.
Matt wanted to be a comedian. He came up with an act and decided he was ready. He called up a local comedy club and managed to book a spot. He went on stage and did his act. Nobody thought he was funny.
I was really thirsty. I went to the kitchen to refill my water bottle. I went back to my desk and realized I had forgotten my water bottle. I went back to the kitchen to get it. I spilled it all over myself.
I was talking to my old neighbor Anh today. She moved from Cambridge to Westford this summer. She was bemoaning the lack of good restaurants in the area. I recommended a place in Lowell my friend took to one day. She thanked me for the recommendation.
David's dog ran away. He spent the entire day looking for the dog. The dog was nowhere to be found. David went back home. He found his dog wagging his tail in the backyard.
Paul thought of a funny joke one day. He took out his tape recorder and recorded his joke. He made copies of it and mailed it to all his friends. All of Paul's friends found the joke very funny. Because of his success, Paul began to mail out jokes weekly.
Junipers liked to collect coins. She was missing only a few to have a full collection. When she stepped outside her hou, she found a coin in her parking lot. It was very dirty and she cleaned it. It turned out to be a new coin she had never seen before.
I wanted some cabinets to put in my bedroom. But, they were too expensive. So, I decided to make my own. I bought some supplies at the local hardware store. After two months of work I had crafted some beautiful cabinets!
Stu was a waiter at a restaurant. One day as he carried a plate, Stu slipped on a spill. Stu fell forward and lost control of the plate. The plate fell onto his customer. The customer was mad and screamed at Stu.
Lara Smara was elated. She'd taken a blood test. The test showed that she and her parents weren't related. The doctors explained to her that wasn't good. She said she always thought she was adopted.
David had never baked on his own before. He was determined to impress his girlfriend, though. David spent all morning searching for recipes until he found one. He gathered his ingredients and tried all afternoon to get it right. The souffles may have been burnt, but his girlfriend didn't mind.
Sam had a friend that had nowhere to live. She asked if she could stay at his place. Sam was unsure about it but agreed. Sam's friend was surprisingly nice and clean. She even helped him pay rent.
Ray wanted to play mini golf with his friends. However, his friends were all over the world. So he found an online golf game they could play together. They all set up a time when they would play. Ray and his friends had a blast playing virtual mini golf.
The outdoorsmen were hiking in the woods. They saw a moose walking in the distance. The moose stumbled into the woods again. The men tried to follow it but it got away. It had been an amazing sight!
Andy threw rocks at the abandoned building across from his house. He broke a few windows as well. One day the owners confronted him about it. He felt bad that he caused the damage and promised to stop. Andy learned a valuable lesson and never vandalized again.
Johnny went to a baseball game. He bought a hotdog and nachos. A ball was hit right to him! He caught the ball in his nacho basket. He got a cheese-covered souvenir!
One summer day, my family headed out west for our vacation. I was driving our car down the expressway at a high rate of speed. Suddenly, there was a loud noise in the back, and the car swerved. I fought to keep the car in the lane as I let it slow down. After stopping on the roadside, I found the back left tire was blown.
Jimmy was trying to feed ducks bread. The local park ranger saw him. He told him he shouldn't do that. He explained it was bad for the ducks. He gave them other food that's good for them instead.
Dan was driving down the road when he noticed his oil was low. So he drove to the nearest store and bought some oil. A week later he noticed that oil was low again. He decided that now was the time to sell the car. He put an ad in Craigslist and sold the car two days later.
Aaron and Jan had difficulty having a baby. They tried for years and Jan couldn't get pregnant. They both went to the doctor. The doctor said they were normal. They were finally able to have a baby.
I was walking. I saw a rabbit. I felt like killing it so I threw a rock at it. The rabbit died. I felt guilty.
Sam was climbing a tree. He loved climbing things. All the sudden he fell out. He broke his leg. So he had to get a cast.
Jeff always used pencils to write his papers. Because of this habit he always kept pencils with him. He became so infatuated that he began to make his own pencils. People really like the pencils he made. He eventually began to sell his pencils in retail stores.
Mike was using the swings at the playground. A mosquito flew on his face and bit him. Mike eventually felt it. As much as he didn't want to scratch it, he did. A huge bump formed on his face.
Ike was playing Twister with his little brother. He thought since his brother was shorter, he'd definitely win! But Ike was surprised as they played. His brother was flexible and much better than him! Ike lost the game every single time they played!
Today, we lost the remote control. Everyone was looking for it. Madyx found it under the jumper. She gave it to me. Now we can watch television.
Milton was struggling to fit in. He loved Country music. All of his friends didn't like it. Milton decided it wasn't going to stop him. Milton decided to sing country at a local talent contest.
Harris loved cream a lot. He would use a lot of it every day. One day, he ran out of cream. He was forced to run to his friend's house. Then, Harris was able to get cream.
Abby loves to eat candy. She thought it would be nice to share her candy with friends. Abby's friends came over to her house. Abby gifted each of her friends with a bag of candy. They ate the candy together.
Bob turned on his printer and was greeted by an error message. It told him his toner was low. Bob took out the toner cartridge and gave it a good shaking. When he put it back in the printer gave him the same error. Bob decided to ignore it since the printer still worked despite it.
Our two year old granddaughter is visiting from New York this weekend. We ordered food just for her tastes from Peapod. She loves yogurt, strawberries, and Cheerios. We put the order in so everything will be ready by Friday. My wife is thrilled to see our first grandchild.
Most people like dogs as their pet. When i was a boy i had a horse as a pet. I used to feed, brushed and ride my horse every afternoon. When i got from school one afternoon my hose was gone. I got upset until i find out my brother was riding him.
Audrey was afraid to try new foods. Her parents would take her to different restaurants often. Audrey never liked any of them or what they offered. One day they took her to Chipotle. Audrey surprisingly fell in love with their restaurant and food.
Amy was upset she couldn't wear her favorite dress. She pouted in the car as they drove to grandma's. At grandma's Amy decided to tell on her mother. Her grandma just laughed. Amy was upset grandma was not on her side.
When we were camping on time we noticed some visitors. While we were in our camper we heard some noises. It was the sound of racoons going through our food we left out. They were adorable but we didn't want to get near them. We now know to hide our food.
This morning, cats yowling outside the door woke me before my alarm. I stumbled out of bed and went to the kitchen. The cat's wound their way around my ankles as I crossed to the pantry. I accidentally stepped on Clementine and kicked Jack. All was purring and forgiveness as I opened the cans and fed them.
Tom was running late for his job interview. On the way there, he considered a lot of different excuses. He arrived at the office, still unsure which lie to tell. The secretary remarked that she was glad he'd gotten their message. The interviewer was running late, too, and Tom was in the clear.
Gabe, Nate and Joe were brothers with a ton of energy. Because of their antics, their mother asked them to go outside. They happily went out into the warm summer sunshine. They played tag and kickball for hours. When they finally came in, they were exhausted!
Todd wanted a boat. He decided to build one. He cut down a tree. Next he cut up the tree. Last he nailed the together.
Anna was up late studying for a test. She set her alarm to get up early. She thought she'd cram in the morning. But Anna slept through her alarm. She had no time to study in the morning!
Amelia always drank her tea with milk and sugar. But when she went to her friend's house there was no sugar. She asked for some honey and stirred it in the tea. She was immensely surprised to like the taste. When she went back home, she tried the same and changed her routine.
Kylie's car was out of gas. She was horrified to realize she was also out of money. She searched all through her house for a little bit of money. Finally, she found five dollars stuck in the couch cushions. Thanks to this, she was able to put gas in her car.
Betty is outside playing with her nephew. She has her phone in her back pocket. She runs and falls onto the ground chasing her nephew. She gets up and dusts the dirt off of her pants. She try's to check her phone and realizes the screen is broken.
A strange lady walked into the club. She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks. Due to her behavior, the security guards came. They escorted her to the front of the club. She tried fighting back but she couldn't get inside the club again.
Billy always complained about his shoe laces. He hated them coming untied in the bathroom. When he tied his shoes he would think of all those germs. Yesterday he showed up to work with velcro shoes. I seemed very happy even though everyone laughed at him.
Sally had a huge nose which she hated. She felt like no one liked her. She had surgery to reduce the size of her nose. No one liked her after the surgery. She found out that it wasn't her nose that people didn't like.
Bo was a progressive man. Through his life, he always campaigned for equal rights. He once infiltrated the KKK. He did this in order to inform the FBI of any plans. Bo was never caught once as an informant.
Marissa was on a long road trip. She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel. Looking at an app on her phone, she compare hotel prices. There was one good place with a deal for $40 a night. She decided to go there.
Steve had a crush on Sarah. Steve gave Sarah roses on Valentine's Day. Steve asked Sarah out on a date. Sarah said yes! They had a great time going to the movies.
Brock is playing with his friends. They are playing soccer. While trying to kick a goal Brock falls. He breaks his leg. Brock is taken to the hospital to fix it.
Jenny's birthday is coming up. There is one thing she has always wanted, a puppy. Her parent decided that one would make a perfect present. On the morning of her birthday she heard a noise downstairs. It was her puppy.
We wanted to go to a concert on Tuesday. We searched the papers for a band we liked that was playing. After decided, we left the house. It didn't take long to arrive. Before we knew it, we were listening to great music!
Jake found a cat in his yard. He called it over and it was friendly. The collar had a name and phone number on it. Jake called the number and talked to the owners. They were thrilled to get their cat back.
I was around 12 years old. I told my mother bye as i went to school. After school later that day my brother picked me up. He told me and my twin brother our mother had died. I went home and cried my eyes out.
My brother sent me an email awhile ago. I did not respond. I had not seen several emails because gmail put them into spam. My brother was worried as I am not in good health. I finally opened the email and responded.
She snored loudly, much to her embarrassment. He often woke her up to tell her. Annoyed, she would grumble and roll over. She hated being woken up. Eventually she would stop snoring.
Tom's apartment smelled bad. He wasn't sure why. He tried to cover up the smell. Several air fresheners weren't enough. Eventually Tom got used to the smell.
Samantha was having her birthday party in a few days. She wanted to pick out a really nice looking dress. She shopped with her mother at the mall. She found a red dress that was perfect. Samantha added flowers to make her dress stand out at her party.
Lucy couldn't open the spaghetti jar. She asked her brother if he can help her out. Since he blatantly refused, she forced herself to open the jar. However, her hand broke. She had to go to the hospital to receive a bandage.
Larry got a new job. He was unsure about how he would do. He was nervous on his first day. He felt he made some mistakes but made it through. His new boss encouraged him to continue trying.
Tim was playing in his room. He heard a scratching sound. The sound got closer. It also got louder. It turns out it was the new puppy his mom got him.
Virginia went to the mountains. She went to the top of the tall summit. She looked out at the scenery. She took out a jar of her husband's ashes. She opened it up and scattered them to the wind.
Dolly baked a cake, big and pink, for Alice's wedding. Alice wanted a coconut cake though. Dolly became angry and smashed the cake with a hammer. Alice said she was glad to have the big, pink cake hammered. Dolly then baked a coconut cake with a hammer in it.
Erin was so sad all of the time and really hated herself. She failed at everything, and couldn't even keep the house clean. Eventually her husband took her to a doctor. He diagnosed her with depression and they tried different medicines. Finally, they found one that worked, and she is doing very well now.
Chuck wanted to start a good new year resolution. He wanted to commit to using social media less. He deleted SnapChat and Twitter, but kept Facebook. The amount of time Chuck spent on his phone was cut in half. He is now more productive than ever.
Paco woke up with an earache. His mother insisted that he go to school anyway. The pain in his ear got worse as the day progressed. The school nurse found that he had a bad ear infection. Paco had to miss three days of school while he recovered.
Terry and Willie were brothers. They never listened to their parents. Their mom had told them to clean their room or be grounded. Terry and Willie refused to do what they were told. They ended up getting grounded until their room was clean.
Wendy was walking to her bedroom. She was carrying her laptop and a glass of water. Suddenly, she dropped the laptop, smashing it. To top it all of, her water splashed on to the laptop. The machine was completely destroyed.
Lisa went to the hair salon. She hadn't got her hair done in over six months. The hairdresser's name was Betty. Talking nonstop, they learned they were second cousins. Lisa new hairdo looks fantastic.
The man handcuffed himself to a suitcase. He walked around town. People asked him about the suitcase. He said it was top secret. He showed one person the contents.
Bobby pulled Suzie's pigtails on the playground. Then he ran away. The teacher asked him if he did it. Bobby lied and said it was Tommy. Bobby felt guilty when Tommy got punished.
Greg poured himself a cup of tea. The tea was too hot for him to drink. He blew on it and added some ice cubes. The tea rapidly cooled to his liking. Greg drank the cup in one gulp.
Homer is hungry. Homer can't wait for his lunch break at work. When his lunch break comes he heads out to grab something to eat. He visits a donut shop to buy some donuts. He eats his donuts on his lunch break.
Shelly was sitting on her front porch. She saw a car veer off the road into the ditch. Shelly jumped up off the porch and ran to the car. She helped the person out of the car. Shelly called 911 to report the accident.
Dana had a good idea, throw a party. He invited everyone in his high school to his friend's house. His friend's parents went out of town for the weekend. More people showed up than expected. By five in the morning the house had burnt to the ground.
Sarah made 20 bucks. Her friends wanted to go to a thrift shop. She looked for a sweater. She loved a certain sweater. She bought it for cheap.
Bruce went to the beach on Saturday to get a tan. He found a sunny spot close to the water. Bruce fell asleep lying in the sun. As he slept the tide came in. Bruce was soaked by the crashing waves.
Tammy hated being a waitress. Last week she almost quit. Customers walked into her job five minutes before closing. They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip. She cried herself to sleep two days in a row.
Randy didn't know how to be a father. Even though he had 6 boys. Randy couldn't connect with them. One day his kids decided enough was enough. All of his boys moved away and never made contact with him again.
Lorance drove to the beach. He swam in the cold ocean. After a while, he rested on the sand. The day broke while he rested. Lorance got in his car and drove to school.
We had just returned from feeding children in a township. I was sitting in the fan next to my friend Noel. We were joking about how one of the kids had baby rats. They were naked but had no shame, like Adam and Eve in the Bible. We then really started to appreciate each other's humor.
Bo and Mick went to the lake. There, they rented a paddleboat. Then they took turns paddling it with their feet. They got very far out into the lake. Bo and Mick had a great afternoon paddling together!
Dan was very tired after working out. Dan went home to shower. Dan got dressed and laid in bed. Dan napped for two hours. Dan woke up revitalized.
Uma was the only one in her family who didn't play the flute. Whenever her sisters would talk about the flute, it made her feel bad. One year she decided to start taking flute lessons. She practiced hard every day for a year until she was a flute expert. Now Uma joins her whole family when they play the flute.
Liz's school had a bake sale. She asked her mom if she would join. Liz's mom didn't know how to bake. She didn't want to let her daughter down, though. She agreed and made something easy.
Larry was driving down the road at night. A car came up and started tailgating him. He waved them over to pass him. Eventually he moved over a bit to help them do so. They did and sped off.
Nick is very hungry. He walks to the nearest restaurant. Nick orders a taco. He eats the taco as soon as it arrives. Nick's hunger was very satisfied.
I recently vowed to make my bed every day. This morning I arose from my bed upon awakening. I was about to leave the room when I remembered my recent decision. I decided to make my bed before leaving the bedroom. I made my bed very neatly.
My father was diagnosed with cancer. We spent months taking care of him and driving him to treatment. He seemed to be getting worse, so we admitted him to a hospital. The hospital took more scans and tests of his cancerous area. He was actually cured and released from the hospital cancer free!
My brother and I often share wine with each other. He usually recommends white wine. However, one time he recommended red. It was a very poor choice. Now I don't listen to any of my brother's recommendations.
It was a beautiful Chicago summer day! Krista and Nate rode their scooters to the cheese shop. At the shop, they purchased wine and meat and cheese. They took their scooters and their food to the beach. At the beach, they had a picnic!
Ike loved eating hot dogs, and he had a big appetite. He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest. In front of the whole town, he ate hot dog after hot dog. But then he was too full to continue. Ike ended up coming in third place in the contest!
Dill made trinkets for party poppers. They were cheap objects designed to entertain for a minute or two. His favorite was a cardboard puzzle. The puzzle didn't fit into the poppers. Dill got to keep all of the cardboard puzzles for himself.
I have a computer. My computer broke today. My computer has a virus. I don't know how to fix my computer. I hired someone to fix my computer.
I had to go to Boston for a work trip. The evening after one of the conferences we went to a ball game. We had suite tickets which were amazing. I had never been to Fenway before, so it was a great thrill. I will remember this trip for the rest of my life.
John wanted to play baseball for his high school team. But John couldn't hit the baseball! The baseball coach spent time teaching John how to swing the bat. He came up to bat for his first time in a game. John hit the baseball on his first swing and hit a homerun!
Kelley needed a product for her unruly hair. She went to the store to get some product. When she went home, she put it on. To her surprise, her hair turned pin straight. She couldn't have been happier.
Last night the candidate made the speech. It was decent. Yet the only bad part was when they burst out laughing. I couldn't believe the ridiculousness of it. I was happy they messed it up.
There was a man with great vision. He was part of the army and had a job. His job was to keep watch at night. He would sit in the tower and often see nothing all night. One night he saw some enemies coming and saved his troops.
Kelly's car was not working. But she really needed to get to town. She decided to walk instead. She needed a walk. But it took her an hour to get there.
Allie got invited to a pool party. She was excited to go. Everyone else was going. Everyone except fo Simone. Allie felt badly for Simone.
Ana dropped a glass while washing dishes. She swept up the shards. But later that night, she found that she had missed some. She stepped on a piece of glass! Ana's foot was cut deeply.
Ida asked her friends over to brunch. She had a great time making eggs and bacon. Then her friends arrived. Together they made dozens of pancakes. Ida and her friends had a great brunch!
The irrigation system is not working. I check all of the valves but I'm unsure which one is out. I then decide to check the water level in the basement. I see that the water level has been turned off. I turn it on, and the irrigation system roars again.
Charles liked surfing the web. He was on a mission to see everyone's website. While watching a movie online, he saw an ad that demanded attention. The ad was about ten rare diseases that would gross out anyone. Charles clicked the ad and his computer was taken over by a virus.
Rhonda and Rich broke up after three Year's. Rich was mostly bummed about no more snacks. Rhonda was a chef and always brought home leftovers. It had only been a week when they ran into each. They met up that night and had break up snacks all night.
Tim went on vacation to Florida. He walked on the beach with a metal detector. The metal detector beeped. Tim had found a gold coin. Tim put the coin in his pocket and went back to his hotel room.
Winslow was so excited to celebrate his birthday. He had already seen three friends and no one told him happy birthday. Winslow was starting to feel very bummed out. With his head down he headed back to his home. He opened the door to a loud surprise, it was a party, no one forgot.
Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting. We made it a family affair. We looked everywhere for the one hundred eggs. Finally an hour later we found them all. It was a fun time.
Pam has been working on a mural at her office. Today, she was hoping to finish it. When she got there she was shocked. It had been vandalized. Pam was very upset.
Lizzie was excited it was finally time for the Father-Daughter dance. She had a fancy new dress and shoes. Her dad wore his best suit. He got to meet her school friends and they all danced together. They stayed until the principal announced that the dance was over.
Ellie was a fourth grader having a hard time with math. Ellie started using flashcards. Her mom would do the math flashcards with her every single day. Soon, Ellie's confidence with math increased. Ellie scored in the 85th percentile in math that year!
Kate broke the zipper on her luggage by over stuffing it. She was happy to find it had another zipper pull. Now she could close it and go to the airport. She decided to remove some of the items from the suitcase. It was better safe than sorry.
Ethan threw a huge summer party. But to his dismay, it rained that day! His party was not ruined, however. Ethan had had the foresight to rent a tent. Everyone just partied under the canopy!
Jim wanted to borrow the family car for the night. Jim's parents thought he was irresponsible. They said he could not use the car. Jim took the car anyways. Jim was then grounded for a month.
When I was a child I wanted a pet badly. I begged for one to my parents. My parents weren't sure that I was responsible enough. I demonstrated that I was a responsible individual. My parents agreed that I was responsible and got me a kitten.
Brock and Willie went to the movies. During the movie a couple of kids were being loud and throwing popcorn. Brock went and told the manager. The manager observed the kids inside the movie being loud. The manager then told the kids it was time to go home.
Joseph was cleaning out his fridge. He looked in the back and saw some bananas. The bananas were entirely too brown to eat. Instead, Joseph decided to make some banana bread. The brown bananas made the bread especially yummy.
Tony choke on a piece of grape. He tried to dislodge it but couldn't. As he had difficulty breathing he went to the hospital. He waited for three hours before seeing a doctor. When it was his turn, the grape finally went down.
John hated his teacher for math. John talked to his counselor. The counselor asked what the problem was. John talked about his teacher's arrogant attitude. The counselor transferred John to another teacher.
Dan wanted to buy a new computer. Dan went to his local Best Buy supercenter. Dan asked one of the sales guys which computer he should buy. The guy recommended he get a touch screen laptop by Dell. Dan agreed and bought that computer on the spot.
Cody worked at a diner. The manager fired Cody from his job. Cody was upset. He started telling people the diner was unsanitary. The diner began to lose business.
Samuel went to Las Vegas last weekend. He had a great time playing all the games there. His favorite game was poker, he played it a lot. While he was there he won a lot of hands of poker. Samuel came back with a lot more money than he left with!
When I and my brother Joe were little, our grandfather visited. He had flown from California to our home in North Carolina. Granddad said he came with a surprise. The following morning he drove us to the train station. He took us on our first train ride.
Kia's car began to make a weird noise. She took it to a mechanic to get it diagnosed. The mechanic quoted her a very high price, so she went elsewhere. The second mechanic gave her a much lower price. Kia was glad she hadn't let herself get ripped off!
Sam was turned down for the colleges he applied to. He didn't know what to do after graduating high-school. He decided to join the marines. He didn't like it much. He got out as soon as he could.
Tom was running late for work. He needed to catch a taxi right away. One pulled up in between him and another person. He asked the other guy if he could take it. The other guy agreed and Tom was thankful.
Serena was arguing with her mom. She was insisting that Serena had lied about walking the dog. Serena was completely insulted that her mom wouldn't believe her. She told her mom that her feelings were hurt. Luckily, her mom calmed down and decided to give her a chance.
Tommy was playing with his toy car. The toy car rolled into the middle of the street. As Tommy went to get the car out of the road, a car was  approaching . Luckily, Tommy's mom got him and his toy car from the middle of the ro. From then on, Tommy could only play with his toy car inside his home.
Ellie wanted to go to the playground. She asked her mom to take her. Her mom promised that they could go if Ellie ate all her lunch. Ellie diligently ate every bit of her soup and sandwich. And after lunch, she got to go play at the playground!
Yesterday i had my first skating lesson. It was very fun. The lesson was also scary because I kept falling. I was afraid I would bump into people. Thankfully I was okay.
Kimmy liked to listen to the radio. She hated not being able to listen to what she wanted to, though. She decided to try out Pandora. She could now listen to what she wanted to. She was a very happy listener.
I saw a basket floating down the river. I picked the basket out of the river and there was a puppy in it. I named the puppy Spot and took him home. I nursed Spot back to health. Now Spot and I are best friends.
I was sitting on the floor. My dog had played in this room. I rolled over to get more comfortable. I landed on a pile of dog hair. The dog hair made my skin itch.
It was a clear night, perfect for fireworks. John's family gathered on a blanket by the lake. They got a great spot to watch the July fourth fireworks. As soon as it was dark enough, sparks lit the air. The display was fabulous this year.
My dad went missing when I was little. He left for the store and never came back. My mom said she went to the cops. They looked everywhere but never found him. i never really believed her story.
Rob went to clean out his closet of all the junk. He came across a basket of old Easter candy. The chocolate rabbit was melted into a puddle in the middle. Rob broke off a piece and chewed on it. He quickly spat it out in disgust and tossed it all out.
I got a new puppy. His name is Brownie. He chews everything, including my shoes. When he's not in my arms, I keep him in a crate. This ensures that he and my stuff are safe.
The woman shaved her legs. She accidentally cut herself. She bled in the bath tub. Her husband found the blood. He wondered what had happened.
Kat was fifty pounds overweight. She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt. One day, Kat read about a marathon that would take place next year. She hired a trainer and began eating right. The next year, she ran the marathon and finished it.
Susan loved to drive with no purpose. She'd go anywhere around her city and always discovered something new. That day, she stopped at a small lake. There she saw a few ducklings and an heron. When she went back home, she pinned the new destination on her map.
The woman loved decorating her home. She would select each decoration with a lot of thought. She liked seeing everything come together. WHen a room was finished, she would take a step back and admire it. Then she would move on to the next room.
Bryan wanted to learn how to fish. He had begged his dad to take him out on a boat. His dad decided to take him to a local lake to learn to fish. He borrowed a boat from his friend. They went out and had a great time on the water.
James was at work. He was working on a big project. One day he got distracted and spent all day online. His project was supposed to be done but he neglected it. His boss found out and fired him.
She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween. She decided she would be Elliott from ET. So she bought a stuffed animal ET online. And she got an old milk crate and bike handles and a red sweater. Everyone loved her creative easy costume.
My ex husband has been calling me every day. I changed my number after he left, but somehow he got it anyway. He just called me a few minutes ago, and left a message. I'm thankful he's in another state, so the calls are all he can do. I worry about him calling me all the time.
My mom says eating healthy food is good for my body. I would rather eat candy and cake. Mom and I came up with a compromise. If I eat all the food on my plate I can have dessert. We found a way for both of us to get what we want.
Stella had planted her very first garden on April first. She couldn't wait for her sprouts to turn into big, bright blossoms! But for the whole month of April, it poured rain! Stella feared her plants would be drowned. Then, just as the adage said, May brought beautiful flowers after all!
Frank had applied to several colleges. He got a rejection letter from his top choice. His second choice of college accepted him. Frank talked to his parents. He decided to go to the second choice.
Craig is in a foreign country for work. He doesn't speak the language. He barely knows how to get to his hotel room. When in his hotel he meets a man who speaks english. Craig becomes friends with him.
My wife was making a nice meal. She became overwhelmed and needed help. She asked me to cut some vegetables. I cut them up and she cooked them. When the meal was finished, it looked very tasty.
Maria heard ringing. Someone was calling her. She answered the phone and heard horrible yelling. Her neighbor had called her by accident. He'd meant to call his wife and yell at her instead.
Greg was at home bored. His friends asked if he could play. They made up a new game called street ball. They played it all afternoon. Greg was happy he wasn't bored anymore.
I decided to walk to the park the other day. It was nice out and I needed the fresh air As soon as I got there it started to rainy. I took cover but the storm wouldn't pass. I walked home soaking wet and disappointed.
A tiger needs to hunt for her babies to eat. She sees an antelope in the distance. The tiger catches the antelope. She brings the antelope home for her babies to eat. She can finally sleep.
Annika loves the PlayPlace at McDonald's. Her favorite spot is the ball crawl. One day, she found a plastic ring with a large, plastic gemstone in it. She put it on her hand. For the rest of the day, she demanded to be called Princess Annika.
The man walked into a barber shop wanting only a trim. The stylist did as he asked, but something else bothered him. The man was told his hair was thinning and may need to take measures. After some suggestions, he paid without incident, but was enraged. His words were polite, but he stormed out the door afterwards.
Tom was listening to music in class. But his teacher was quick to see the earphones in his ears. Tom's phone was taken away. But he received a call from his parents that he couldn't answer. So Tom didn't know they weren't going to pick him up from school.
Ed wanted to give his mom a nice birthday present. But he had no money to buy her anything. Then he had a great idea for a birthday surprise. He woke early on her birthday and brought her breakfast in bed. His mom said it was the nicest gift she'd ever gotten!
Ben bought tickets to see his favorite wrestling show live. He ordered a shirt of his favorite wrestler to wear to the show. Ben wore his shirt and got to meet his favorite wrestler. Ben's favorite wrestler autographed his shirt. Ben was so happy that he cried.
Julian was a Roman solider. He was assigned to patrol the city of Rome. While patrolling he discovered a book of Roman government secrets. Julian sold these secrets to a Persian spy for a substantial amount. Julian was caught in the act and imprisoned.
Dan had new neighbors. They had a big scary dog. Dan thought it was dangerous. One day Dan noticed it was playful and nice. Dan stopped being afraid of it.
Ming was swinging upside down by her knees high above the crowd. The ringmaster's voice echoed throughout the circus tent. Ming steadily built up enough momentum and then let go. She somersaulted through the air her hands outstretched. Her partner grabbed her wrists amidst the roar of the crowd.
Teleji Adeleji was a patriot. He saw the way the people were running his country into the ground. He began plotting to assassinate his country's president. Only to have his plans foiled so there wouldn't be a power vacuum. Teleji then went missing and has been for 10 years.
Toby was having dinner. His mom had given him chicken and vegetables. He tried to eat, but didn't like it much. His mom told him that he would have to eat or go to bed. Toby really didn't want to eat, so he went to his bed.
Jake was taking out the garbage. He heard a rustling noise in the bush nearby. He saw a famished puppy looking for food. Jake took the puppy inside his home and fed it. Jake kept the puppy and raised it as his pet.
Linda was in a hard English class. And she had to read several stories. She felt she had no choice but to speed read. And she became better and better at it. Linda boasted being able to read 700 words per minute.
Katelyn went to the mall one day. She browsed the stores and selected a new hat to wear. She purchased the hat and went home. In front of the mirror, Katelyn admired her new hat. Suddenly, her cat lunged at the hat, almost knocking Katelyn over.
I needed to pay a bill. I attempted to use their phone system to pay. I was told the information I entered was invalid. It took me 20 minutes to get to that point. I hung up and paid online instead.
Roger wanted a new car. He didn't have enough money for a new car. He decided to ask for a loan. The bank denied him. Roger decided his old car would have to do for now.
Terry is told he has cancer. Terry goes through treatment. Terry keeps a positive attitude. Terry is eventually told the cancer is gone. Terry beat the odds.
Annie remembered standing at this same quilt show last year. This time around, she had a quilt on display. She reflected on all she had experienced and accomplished. The judging had just finished. She had earned an honorable mention ribbon.
My wife dragged me to the symphony last week. I tried to enjoy it but failed. I fell asleep halfway through. I snored so loud that my wife had to drag me out. Everyone was upset.
Jan needed to read a book for class. She did not own the book, so she went to the library. She was confused about where to look so she asked the librarian. The librarian looked the book up in the system and found it for her! Jan checked the book out and took it home for her assignment.
Missy and her daughter were at the grocery store. Missy's daughter,Cindy, was holding onto a teddy bear. Cindy got distracted and sat her teddy bear down in one of the aisles. As they were going home, she realized that she had forgotten the bear. Missy drove back to the store for the teddy bear.
Sonny was deep cleaning her bedroom. She looked behind a shelf and found an old bowl. It had been put there months ago to hide it. She looked and saw that the bowl was filled with mold. She had to throw the whole thing away.
The cashier charged me $1 for a bottle of coke. I searched into my pocket and I had no single dollar bills. However, I gave a $5 to the cashier. In return, the cashier gave me $10 dollars. Instead of taking the money, I gave her the right amount back.
Kenzi and Annie watched an episode of Outlander together today. I could hear them in the other room arguing over the TV. Kenzi said that Jamie was hers and Annie disagreed. They were only joking but it was amusing to listen to. Those two girls are way too old to have a crush on a TV character.
The car seemed to come out of nowhere. It slammed into the side of my car. I remember the airbag deploying. The next thing I remember was the paramedics pulling me out of the car My car was totaled.
Tom was playing kickball with friends. He accidentally kicked over the wrong fence. It went into a neighbor's yard. Tom was forced to get it by his friends. The neighbor was annoyed.
Many years ago I went to the opera with a friend. We both dressed elegantly for the occasion. But everyone around us was dressed casual. We clashed very much but enjoyed ourselves tremendously. We left the opera feeling like queen and king among a huge crowd.
Randy joined a club at school. The kids in the club seemed a little bit strange. He kept going to the club for a week. He decided that he did not like the kids in the club. He quit the club.
Janna was running through the park. She saw a tall old man chasing a young girl. She called 911 and told them where she was and what was happening. They told her to keep her distance and that they would be there soon. The police came and the you girl was rescued.
The family made it their goal to go to twenty national parks. They drove around all summer. They visited about half of their goal that year. They plan on trying again next summer. They made a lot of memories doing it.
Nigel was traveling to visit his aunt. He was looking at flights but they were all too expensive. Then he saw that train rides were much more affordable. He bought his ticket and hoped for the best. Luckily the train ride was not too bad at all.
Tanya was on a fishing trip. She never usually caught anything but enjoyed it regardless. This day she felt a nibble quickly. She reeled in the catch and was amazed to see a huge fish. She fried it up for dinner that night and ate proudly.
Adam is a firefighter and is on his way to a burning house. His crew arrives and Adam is told that there is a person inside. Adam suits up and runs in the house instantly. Seconds later he runs out holding a woman. She hugs him repeatedly and thanks him for saving her life.
I bought new dog food for my dog. He loved it! One day, he fell sick. I took him to the doctor. It turns out my dog had an allergy to the dog food.
Bob bought a new BMW and was out on the interstate for a drive. As the car hit 90 mph, he suddenly saw flashing red and blue lights. So he pulled over expecting the worst. The cop went speeding right past him. Bob was relieved that he wasn't getting a ticket.
Eve's newborn baby started crying. Eve put the baby on the changing table. She put a new diaper on the baby. Eve bundled the baby up in a blanket. The baby started cooing happily.
Sam was going out with friends. He tried to put on his favorite pair of pants. He struggled a lot to button them. He was uncomfortable throughout the night. Sam decided it was time to lose weight.
Chopra looked at her hair. The ends were looking dull and split. She had not trimmed her hair in over a year. She grabbed her scissors. After a few snips, her hair looked healthy again.
Tom was in a hurry to get to work. He didn't have enough time to match his socks. At the office his co-workers made fun of him. His boss questioned his attire as well. Tom never made that mistake again.
My friend Beth came to town for a visit. She stayed with her family. I went to her family's house to visit her. Her sister sat with us and talked all night. I felt like I had made a new friend.
Mary drives the same route to her workplace every day. Today, she stopped at a coffee shop for a coffee during her commute. Mary was always a careful driver, but her hot coffee spilled. She was distracted by the spill and took her eyes off the road. Mary's car hit a telephone pole, leaving her with a wrecked vehicle.
Taigen was four years old. She liked to pick her neighbor's flowers. One day she picked every flower in the garden. They neighbor yelled at Taigen. Taigen now doesn't pick other people's flowers.
Gina was being dropped of at her grandma's. She hadn't wanted to go, but she had no choice. As she pulled up she saw her cousins sitting on the porch. Gina felt a sense of dread. She hated spending time with her stuck up cousins.
Tom was at the bar. A song he really liked came on. He had never heard it before. He asked around until someone told him what it was. Tom downloaded it and checked out the band.
Jane was always very afraid of high places. She was very nervous because she was going on a flight soon. Jane boarded the plane and started feeling very sick. After takeoff Jane started to calm down. She arrived safe and sound at her destination.
Last month I spent a lot of money on my card. I got to cash in some rewards too. I ended up buying a hotel room with my rewards. It was the best vacation. I could not wait to spend more.
Eric had a very small battery. This battery was to charge his phone. One day, it went missing in his house. Eric searched everywhere for it. Eventually, Eric was forced to buy a new battery.
Brett had a crush on a girl named Elsa. He decided to pass her a not that asked if she liked him too. He put a little yes or no box for her to check. He passed it to her and anxiously waited for it to return. Right before it reached him the teacher took it and threw it away.
Talvor Salvador was beet red. His dad had come with him to school. What was worse was that his dad was dressed like a gangsta. He sat in the schoolyard spitting sick rhymes and selling kids candy. Talvor learned to never steal again because of the embarrassment.
Next door to Jeremy's house is the meanest dog ever. Honcho is a huge Rottweiler and everyone is afraid of him. Jeremy dropped his ball in the dog's yard one day. He tried to go get it but Honcho bit his finger off. Jeremy didn't bother Honcho's area anymore.
My cousin wanted to name her baby. She couldn't decide what to name her. She chose the name Pacey. Everyone teased her for her choice. We all said it sounded like a racehorse.
Andy had a small bald spot he wanted covered. Andy decided he would get a hair transplant. After the initial consultation, Andy decided to get the procedure. After getting the procedure, Andy was glad to see his new hair. Andy was glad with the hair transplant procedure he received.
Richard has always loved his clean shaven look. One day Richard notices more and more men growing beards. He decides not to shave for six months in order to grow a beard too. Richard receives compliments on his beard every day. Now Richard loves his new bearded look.
Tom got a new watch. He noticed that it was slow. After a few days it would be several minutes behind. There was no easy fix for it. Tom wound up returning the watch.
I woke up in the middle of the night. In addition, I realized that my body was soaked in sweat. While trying to figure out the problem, I checked the air-conditioning The switch was set to off. When my mom admitted that she did it, I got mad.
Mary decided to make tacos for dinner. She cooked the meat and shredded the cheese. Mary put the filling in tortillas. She served the tacos with a big salad. Her family ate all of the tacos before Mary sat down!
Today is Hunter's birthday! His mom made him a big birthday cake. His friends came over for a party. They brought him lots of presents! Now Hunter can't wait for his next birthday!
Kerry enjoyed playing games on her smartphone. She mostly played free games that made revenue through ads. One day her favorite game had a major update. The new version had many more ads which were more intrusive in nature. Kerry's interest the game waned.
Jane was drunk home alone. She decided to drunk text ex boyfriends. After a while she lost her phone. Jane looked for it for a while. It took her three days to find it again.
Sal and Sally liked to play Pokemon Go all the time. They spent a lot of time together doing it. Sally ended up getting all the pokemon on day. She stopped playing the game with Sal. They are no longer friends.
Whitney had to get to the bank. She did not get off work until 5pm. The bank closed at 5pm. She drove there as fast as she could. She arrived at the bank at 4:58pm.
Suzie tried to squeeze into her Halloween costume. She'd worn it last year and it fit perfectly then. Suzie started to cry when she couldn't get it to fit now. Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it. Suzie hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume.
Leon works as a cook at a restaurant. One evening while cooking he receives bad news. He is told the restaurant he works for will be closing. Leon cooks his last meal for the customer and closes the shop. Leon had lost his job.
Lou was afraid to jump in the pool. She wasn't sure if she remembered how to swim or not. It had been many years since she last swam! But she jumped in the pool and found something relieving. Swimming, like bike riding, was something you never forgot!
I tried to print a document. My computer told me the printer was low on ink. The new toner cartridges are in the supply closet down the hall. I felt too lazy to go get it. I decided to wait for another person in my office to replace the ink.
I was taking a test at school. My friend was sitting next to me. Neither of us studied. We stealthily exchanged answers. Both of us passed the test.
Anna found a wallet in the school bathroom at school. She realized that it had been put there by the girl in the next stall! She grabbed it and ran. But then she began feeling guilty. Anna took the wallet right to the lost and found.
The kids played at the pool. One of them pushed the other. The lifeguard saw that. The lifeguard kicked them out of the pool. The parents demanded a refund.
Tom was running for exercise. He was holding his phone in his hand. He was listening to music on his phone. He tripped over a rock. He dropped his phone and it broke.
Sandra was walking to the store. She passed a little girl who was crying on her front steps. Sandra asked her what was wrong. The little girl said she was locked out of her house. Sandra sat down and waited with her for her parents to come home.
Allie was having a baby. Her sister wanted to surprise her. So she planned a baby shower without telling her. When Allie found out she was thrilled. She couldn't believe it.
Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies. She preferred to talk to boys and skip class. Lynsey made terrible grades and couldn't get into college. Lynsey had to take a job at a very bad restaurant. Lynsey is now poor and wishes she had studied more.
Jason has messy attic that needs to be cleaned. Jason does not want to clean the attic alone. He invites his three friends over for pizza. Jason put the pizza in the attic. Jason has his friends help clean the attic in exchange for pizza.
Lisa was jogging in the park. She stopped near a bench to take a break. Lisa found a watch on the ground near the bench. Lisa finished her jog. She brought the watch to the lost and found before she left.
While Lynn was driving home today her car started smoking. She pulled over into a parking lot and lifted up the hood. Green fluid was coming from a hose that had popped off. As the fluid hit the hot engine it created steam. Lynn's husband is in the parking lot trying to fix the hose now.
Brenda had taken gymnastics lessons since she was young. Recently she had been training for an upcoming national championship. The uneven bars were her specialty, and she had an excellent coach. She was nervous, but she believed she could give a great performance. Brenda was overjoyed when she received a near perfect score.
Danny's mother made him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Danny thought the sandwich was great, and he finished the whole thing. However, Danny's face and throat began to swell up. His mother rushed him to the hospital, and the doctor gave him a shot. That was the day Danny discovered he was allergic to peanuts.
Miranda had recently turned eighteen. This year would be her first year voting for a president. She went to the polls early that morning. Then, she voted for her preferred candidate. She was glad when he won later that evening.
Ed was going on a vacation to Florida. He went by himself. He sat in his hotel lonely. He wished he had gone with friends. Ed ended up talking with his friends on the phone the whole trip.
Growing up I was always self-conscious of my skin. It was mostly due to my acne problems and it effected my self-esteem. As time went on, they stayed but my self-worth grew. I learned to look past what was out of my control. And as I stressed less, the acne subsided and I'm as happy as ever.
Jim challenged me to a video game match of street fighter. We hooked the controllers to the console and started playing. At first, he was winning the match. Yet, I managed to take the lead. In order to win, he pulled out my controller plug.
Joanie made pasta for her family. She had never cooked before. She carefully poured the sauce she made over the noodles. She could hear crunching when her dad took a bite. She had forgotten to cook the noodles!
I was super nervous for my science test yesterday. I studied very hard but it didn't calm my nerves enough. As I walked into the room I wanted the test over with. Finally I started taking the test. Thankfully it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be.
We all piled into the van and started the long drive to Disney World. I drove for my husband at the halfway point. I was driving along while the rest of the family slept. I heard a loud noise and realized that one of my tires blew. Thankfully, I did not panic and kept control as I drove to the curb.
Mimi always goes to bed with her teddy bear. She can't sleep without him. The following night she was looking for her teddy everywhere. She couldn't find him anywhere and was very sad about it. Mimi was so happy and relieved when her mom found him behind her bed.
Tim was on a flight. They were forced to keep flying before they landed. It took a long time. Tim asked for free drinks to make up for it. The flight attendant agreed and poured some out.
I was walking to the museum yesterday. As I was walking, my earring fell out. It dropped to the ground. I had ten seconds to pick it up. When I got it I put it in my bag.
Sal asked her friends over for a dinner party. She made lots of pasta noodles and homemade sauce. Then her friends arrived and they all made garlic bread slices. They sat down to eat their yummy pasta dinner. Sal and her friends had a great time at their dinner party!
Lucy and her grandma went to Walmart. All Lucy wanted were waterproof paints. She looked in the craft section, but there was none. She decided to buy a permanent marker instead. It wasn't what she wanted, but it was better than nothing at all.
Jennifer was gardening. She watered her flowers. Bees began to fly around. She quickly ran away. Jennifer got away safely.
Tim had a job as a general merchandise stocker in a grocery store. One day he was organizing items when he found a spider inside a crate. Tim didn't believe in harming other living things. He carefully carried the crate outside and let the spider go. Afterward Tim happily continued with his work.
Tim spent lots of time at his computer. But he noticed that his back constantly hurt. So he decided to get a better chair. He went to a store and sat on a very expensive computer chair. And it was so comfortable that the price didn't matter to him.
I bought a mixed bag of seeds at the hardware store one day. I went home and threw them in my garden to see what would happen. Every day I watered them and waited for sprouts. One day I saw that I had sprouts and identified them as mint. I prepared a mojito and waited for the garnish to grow.
Paris had straight hair. She really wished it was curly! She bought a bunch of curling irons and wands. She practiced all day. Soon, she learned how to curl her hair perfectly!
Gina's mom drove off as Gina stood on the sidewalk. She was back at her mom's mom's house. But her siblings were over her uncles. It had always been boring at her uncles. Gina was grateful she was here instead of with them.
Johnny did not want to do his homework. He waited until 10 PM before looking at it. He had 200 problems to do. He did not have it finished by the time he had to go to school. He got a zero on his assignment.
Adam was playing first chair in an important concert for school. He brought his violin on stage. He then signaled to the orchestra to begin tuning their instruments. After that he sat down and awaited the conductor. The concert went spectacularly, and Adam was proud.
Gina was sitting at a stop light in the turn lane. She was getting on the highway to go home. But the traffic below made her think twice. As the light turned green traffic began to move. Gina got out of the turn lane, and stayed on the streets instead.
Seth is playing in the street with his brother. They are playing street hockey. As they are playing a car comes speeding. The car hits Seth's brother and he goes flying in the air. Seth checks on his brother and sees that he had died.
Tom bought a lottery ticket. He didn't pay much attention to it. After a few days he decided to check to see if he won. Surprisingly Tom matched several numbers. He wound up winning a few thousand dollars.
Ed was annoyed at his mother. He wanted to enjoy a relaxing Thanksgiving at home. But his mother signed the family up to work at a soup kitchen. He spent all day handing out rolls. It was the best Thanksgiving he ever had.
Linda had fallen in love with a professional video gamer. She wanted to meet him to profess her love. She attended a fan event that allowed her to meet him. She met her lover and they exchanged contact information. They both fell in love and ended up getting married.
Betty was an avid surfer. She was attacked by a great white shark one day and lost her arm. After months of recovery the first big trip she made was to the beach. Betty was nervous but walked into the ocean with her surf board. Betty still loves to surf to this day.
Clyde is tired of his new neighbors. All they do is make a ton of noise. One night while trying to sleep he hears a noise. He hears the sound of loud music being played next door. He calls the cops on his neighbors and they never have another party.
Kisha yelled at her husband. He'd bought a motorcycle with asking her. She said it was too dangerous for him to ride. He promised to wear a helmet. Kisha said that she would not cave.
Libby enrolled in a French speaking course. She will be visiting Paris this summer. Libby wants to learn as much French as possible for the trip. Libby spent a month taking the French course with her friends. Libby learned enough French to make her trip very pleasant.
Negra the dog likes to bark. Yesterday she was barking at the neighbor. The neighbor yelled at her. Negra got scared. She ran very fast and hid under the bed.
Jane wanted to see the world. She traveled to Paris first. Then she went to India. Finally she found herself in Madagascar. She stayed in Madagascar and bought a house.
Jane liked to climb tall buildings. Her favorite was a big tower in the city park. She loved getting to the top of it and checking out the view. She climbed it on a beautiful fall day and she was in awe. The trees changing color were amazing!
Carol and her family were on vacation. They had gone to the beach and it was very nice. They had rented a house right near the water. Everyday they would walk down to the beach and relax. Carol thought it was a beautiful time.
The Baylor Bears basketball team played Yale on Thursday. Baylor was favored to win the game and came out flat. They were outplayed at both ends of the court. As the game progressed, you could see that Yale was the better team. Baylor kept it close but in the end they lost the game.
Jack and Diane went to the grassy knoll by the college. There, Jack handed Diane the blackest rose she'd ever seen. She put it to her nose and sniffed so hard the petals near came off. Diane thought it smelled like licorice and brambles. Jack agreed as he poured the wine and prepared to pop the question.
Sylvia woke up in the night to go to the bathroom. She saw a scorpion in the hallway. She covered it with a bowl. The next morning she checked under the bowl. The scorpion was gone somewhere.
The personal assistant saw a hundred dollar bill in the trash. She fished it out of the bin and shook it off. Grasping it tightly in her hand, she searched for her boss. She found him behind his array of surveillance cameras. It had only been a test, and she was allowed to keep the money.
There he was poised to make a run for it. He knew he might get caught, but he didn't care. He looked left, then right, then left again. It was his time to make a move. He bolted off of first base and slid into second, he was safe.
Jenny wanted her mom to show her how to cook. Her mom was happy she wanted to learn and agreed to show her. Together they boiled water. Both Jenny and her mom got distracted by their cell phones. They burned their spaghetti noodles when the water evaporated away.
My boss' daughter got engaged in 1996. The wedding was in 1997. Suddenly the wedding was pushed up by several months. Later we were told she gotten pregnant. She had three more kids after getting married.
The other day I made some spaghetti sauce. I put peppers and onions in it. My sister couldn't eat the sauce because she doesn't like peppers. I bought her some sauce that didn't have peppers in it. She like that sauce just fine.
My boyfriend is out buying clothes right now. He asked me not to go with him. It kind of hurt my feelings. I understand that he dresses differently than I do. But I still think it's too preppy.
Kelly loved saving money. She found coupons for her favorite ice cream. She filled her freezer with it. She was happy that she'd gotten such a great deal on it. It made the ice cream taste even better!
Charlotte received a red balloon from her teacher. She was so excited to bring it home! Along the path, there were many thorny bushes. The balloon popped on a thorn! Charlotte cried the rest of the way home.
My nephew's wife works in a bank. One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers. They came packed in little boxes. I sold them on eBay for $600. My nephew was amazed.
Jerry was waiting for his bus. He was 10 minutes ahead of schedule. He decided to checkout a nearby cell phone store. He walked inside and browsed the phones. Before he knew it, 15 minutes had gone by and he missed his bus.
Drew was wondering in the woods one day. He saw something through the trees. It was an old abandoned cabin. He wondered what was inside. He saw a face in the window and ran off scared to death.
Anita was at a music festival downtown. She needed to use the restroom. The bathrooms in the bar were for paying customers only. The bars were cleaner than the porta potties. Anita bought a beer to use the bar's bathroom.
Chaz and Molly had just had a baby. They were in the hospital that same evening. Suddenly, visitors began pouring in. Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people. Then, Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit.
Mary was sitting at home alone. She heard the phone ring. She answered the phone after a few rings. It was her mother on the phone. Mary talked to her mother for about an hour.
Susan wanted to get rid of the mice in her house. She set out a no-kill trap to capture them overnight. The next morning there were three mice in the trap. She carefully set them free outside. That night the mice came back inside!
Jon was playing outside. He scraped his knee. He went inside to get help from his mom. His mom put a bandage on his knee. Then, she scolded him and grounded him for not being careful.
Tim wanted to have the perfect apartment. He had just moved into a new place. He had decided the apartment could benefit from better lights. He went to the store and bought lights. He installed the lights and improved his homes value.
Fred preferred playing old computer games. But he also wanted to upgrade his computer and operating system. He figured and upgrade would only make things better. But many of his old games didn't work or had compatibility issues. And the money Fred spent on his new computer felt like a waste.
Rob checked in to his hotel in Houston. After he entered his room, he began unpacking his belongings. It was then that Rob realized he had forgotten his toothbrush. He went to the front desk to ask for assistance. The front desk gave him a new toothbrush to keep.
My daughter's cousin came to visit. This cousin was very active. He scared our cat with his running and shouting. He also chased the cat around the house. Our cat took revenge by scratching him on the arm.
When I moved to South Dakota I needed to file documents for my LLC. I gasped with surprise at the hefty fees! They were fifteen times as much as they were in my previous state! I thought long and hard about what I should do. Eventually I decided to just dissolve my company.
I made mashed potatoes. But, I wanted to improve the flavor. So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes. I used my hands to mash the garlic. My hands smelled for hours so I learned to use a tool next time.
Larry wanted to make breakfast. He wanted eggs, sausage and toast. Unfortunately he had none of those ingredients. The store was open but he was lazy. So he had cereal instead.
Joe had a girlfriend he loved very much. They had both finished college and had big plans. One morning, Joe decided he wanted to travel. He talked with his girlfriend, but she wanted a family. Joe gave up on all of his dreams of travel to raise children.
Bob wanted to surprise his wife. It was their 2 year anniversary. Bob went to the jewelry store. He bought his wife a new pearl necklace. His wife loved the present that she received.
Alvin was overweight and had high blood pressure. It snowed heavily at Alvin's house. When the snow stopped, Alvin attempted to shovel the sidewalk. Alvin started to have chest pains. He stopped shovelling the snow and called an ambulance.
Mary was having a great day. Suddenly she got a call delivering some awful news. Her dog had been hit by a car. She rushed home to deal with the news. By the end of the day she felt completely wiped out.
Miles was taking pictures of his sons. He wanted a good one for his Christmas card. He was a perfectionist and it was taking awhile to get a great one. Everyone was starting to feel fed up. Luckily, he got the perfect picture soon after.
Tommy was crying. He had lost his favorite stuffed animal, his dragon. His mother and sister looked all over the house to help him find it. After hours of looking for the stuffed toy Tommy found it. The dragon was at the bottom of his toy box all along.
The family bought a new fire pit for the backyard. They liked to crowd around it and make s'mores. As fall faded away, they used the fire pit every day. It was a great addition to their back yard. They couldn't wait til spring to use it some more!
The end of the semester was coming. I had way too much work to do. I barely slept all week, trying to make sure all of my work was done. When the last day came and I turned in my final project, I was elated. I went home and fell asleep right away.
I went to Jennifer's show where her troupe performed bizarre dances. Picture frames and water jugs were used as props. I didn't understand it, but came to appreciate it on some level. The poses and moves inspired me later in visual art. I later hired her as a model for my paintings of fantastical beings.
Damen saw a lot of political news on his social media. He noticed an article. After he read it, he decided to comment. His comment started an argument. Damen ended up fighting online for almost an hour.
Sam enjoys going to work. He always arrives fifteen minutes early. One morning, his boss was there and wrote him up for loitering. His boss also berated him for being such a square. Sam no longer enjoys going to work.
Dan's well water was sort of yucky. It had lots of iron and other sediment in it. Worse it was red and off putting. Dan bought a Berkey filter system for his counter. Now he can drink his own well water.
Tom was driving with a date. They didn't have much to talk about. Tom tried to break the silence with a joke. It didn't go over well. They stayed quiet the rest of the ride.
My mom used to love the band Duran Duran. She worked very hard to save up for tickets to see them. Finally, she was able to buy them. The day of the concert came. It was everything she had hoped for.
Irene was a very angry person. One day she had lunch at a small diner. She was not pleased with her food or the service. Irene wrote a scathing review of the restaurant on the internet. The restaurant owner hoped that Irene would never come back.
Laura had a birthday. Her husband handed her a present. It was a beautiful diamond necklace! Laura put it on immediately. She couldn't wait to show it off to everyone!
Henry wanted a new Xbox because he was bored. However, he would not be getting paid until next week. He went through his attic and found a lot of things he didn't need. He decided to sell them on Ebay for some quick money. Henry eventually sold enough stuff to buy his new Xbox.
The Smith family had a fire in their home one day. Everyone made it out of the house with no injuries. Their home needed a lot of work afterwards so they stayed at a hotel. For four weeks, they got to use a private pool and hot tub every day. When they went back home, they missed the hotel!
Jenna was at the grocery store. She didn't have any money but she was so hungry. She saw the donuts in their case and decided to take one. When no one was looking she grabbed one and started to walk away. A manager saw and yelled for her to stop but she ran from the store.
We had to make a tight connection. Our flight landed twenty minutes late. The two gates were on opposite ends of the airport. We sprinted across the airport. It turned out our connecting flight was delayed!
I love honey mustard sauce. One day we were out of sauce. I wanted the sauce but have trouble getting out because of a stroke. I went on the internet and found a recipe. The homemade sauce tasted fine.
I left work and walked to the bus stop. The bus stop has a shelter and a bench. I sat on the bench and waited for the next bus. The bus was delayed due to traffic. When the bus arrived, I stood up and boarded it so I could go home.
Margaret was shopping at a bargain store. Most of the clothes were dirty and old. As she dug through the racks, she noticed a cool coat. She checked the tag and saw that it was a great price. Margaret bought the jacket and wore it immediately.
Jane was shopping in the mall. A little girl walked close to her. She was naked while holding a dirty diaper. Jane tried to walk away from the girl. However, the girl continued to follow her.
Drita's husband was locked up in jail. She was awaiting him getting out soon. When he finally got out, he was so different. He was cold and aloof, and Drita fell out of love. As soon as he found work, Drita kicked him out!
My sister-in-law texted me today. She wanted to get a Pandora bracelet for my wife. She asked if her sister had one. I texted that my wife cannot wear bracelets due to lymphedema. My sister-in-law said she was sorry.
Jeff picked up his mail. He got a letter regarding his student loans. They were demanding he pay the balance in full. He did not have $40,000 for the loans. Jeff decided to win the money at the casino.
The family took a trip to the circus. The kids clapped when the clowns performed. They all cheered when a trapeze artist came out. They ate cotton candy and popcorn. It was a wonderful outing!
I went to Stein Mart shopping for some pants. I didn't bother looking very hard. Just bought the first pair of pants that looked decent. When I went home to try them on, they were too big. I've learned to alway try on pants in the store.
Eric was walking home from work when it started raining. He walked in the rain for three blocks, getting soaking wet. Then Eric remembered he had an umbrella in his backpack. He tried to find the umbrella, but it was hard with the rain falling. When Erik finally found his umbrella, it had stopped raining.
Lisa was ready for the big performance. She had been working all day with the elephants. The ringmaster's introduction rang throughout the big top. Lucy the elephant sauntered into the tent with Lisa riding her. It had been a long, but wonderfully exciting day.
Graham was unhappy in his relationship. His girlfriend seemed distant and cold. He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well. They both went their separate ways. Graham is much happier being single.
Jane has a history test tomorrow. She has not studied at all. She really does not want to stay up all night. Jennifer studied her notes and hoped for the best. When she got to class, her test was canceled.
Greg and Dana loved to camp. They went to their friends cabin. They fished and had bonfires. They stayed out late. They had lots of good times.
James was sitting at the cafe, as he always did before work. Lately a homeless man had been coming in. The man never bought anything but just slept in a chair. He was there now, and James began to think about his life. He thought, if my brother kicks me out, that could be me.
John was at the beach with friends. They all wanted to play volleyball. John wasn't very good at it. He wound up losing the game for his team. His friends didn't care and still had fun.
Jamie wanted her nails to look nice. She went to a salon and got a manicure. The nail technician was new. She messed up the polish. Jamie was very disappointed.
Linda decided to skip school today. She had a test that she was not prepared to take. She waited in her room frightened that her mother would find out. Her mom then knocked on her room door noticing Linda had not left. Linda panicked and told her mom that she had slept in by mistake.
A woman was given a dollar by an old man. He told her to buy some flowers. She spent all but five cents on the smallest bouquet. She thanked him as he left. He yelled that she was rude for not giving him back his change.
Rosalyn loved being a radio show hostess. She had a great voice and didn't have to worry about her looks. But when she lost her voice after an accident, she was terrified. She had lost her livelihood along with her voice. She had to build her life back up from scratch.
James made an appointment with a photographer. He wanted to have their family photos taken. The photographer posed them carefully. The photos ended up looking great. The family hung them on the walls.
Recently, I decided to go see Tool in concert. After searching online for tickets, I made the purchase and plans. After buying tickets, I decided on hotel rooms in Nashville. Nashville was such a big city! After the concert was over we headed home, happy.
George had a crack in his windshield. He was putting off fixing the windshield. George was driving down the road. A cop pulled him over. George was given a ticket for obstruction in his windshield.
Doug was lonely. He wanted someone to share his life with. He found a nice looking girl on a dating website. They started dating. Doug was no longer lonely.
Sue was chosen for jury duty. She was so excited. She had always wanted jury duty. However the case she got was boring. Sue spent all day at courthouse being bored.
I received my exam papers from the class. My grade was a low F. Since I've studied for 2 weeks straight, I felt disappointed in myself. As a result, I didn't do anything for the rest of the day. Several people were wondering if I was okay but I've lied to them.
Dave was outside in the winter. He ended up getting a cold. He still had to go to work though. He went to work and got everyone else sick too. Everyone was miserable.
Alvin was a mechanic driving home during rush hour traffic. A man was stranded on the side of the road with car troubles. Alvin pulled over and fixed the man's car in less than an hour. The stranger told Alvin he was the first person to stop and help. He wrote Alvin a check for five hundred dollar.
Terry has always been a hard worker. He works every day of the week with only a few days off a year. This year, he gave himself a treat and went on holiday. His holiday in the sun was such a contrast to his days in the office. But Terry didn't feel relaxed, as he felt like it wasn't productive.
I was trying to teach my dog to roll over. I followed the instructions in a dog training book. My dog didn't seem to understand what I wanted. He started barking out of frustration. I accidentally taught my dog to bark on command.
Lewis was a lonely child. His mother tried to get him to play outside, but he never wanted to go. The outside just reminded Lewis of how lonely he was. His mother got him some toys in hopes of making him feel better. Lewis thought of great stories with his newfound toys.
Tammy was excited to see the eclipse with her class. Her teacher gave everyone glasses. They were given instructions not to stare directly. Tammy was too excited and did it anyway. She turned blind.
A man sat on his couch and began to feel sleepy. At some point he fell asleep. He was awoken hours later when the sun shone in his eyes. The man went to the window and closed the curtains. He went back to the couch to sleep.
The man ordered a martini. The bartender it with vodka. The man complained. The bartender checked with his boss. His boss made a proper martini.
Jason is on a winter vacation at a ski resort. Unfortunately, Jason does not know how to ski. Jason decides to take skiing lessons. Jason finds a good instructor who is very helpful. Jason spends the rest of his vacation skiing.
John realizes it has been too long since he visited his grandmother. He packs up his bags and gets ready for the long trip. When he finally arrives, he is happy to see his grandmother. They spend a few days catching up. John is pleased that he has visited his grandmother.
My work recently added a parrot to our lobby. He talks all the time, and says random things. Everyone loves him, but one day a child saw him. The child stuck her finger in his cage and he bit it off. The parrot no longer is in an accessible cage.
Ian woke up starving. So he made a massive bowl of cereal for himself. But halfway through finishing it, it became very soggy. And he had to finish the rest. Ian was so upset, he threw his entire box of cereal out.
I made a really fun breakfast this morning. I watch a video about making shapes with pancakes. I made all these fun shapes. The kids were so excited to eat them. I did a good job.
Jeff likes to workout every day. His bench press wasn't improving like he wanted. Jeff read online that night that it's possible to overwork yourself. Jeff decided to take a few days off from benching. The next time he benched the amount he put up improved a lot.
Justin was nervously working on his math exam. He chewed on his pen as he thought. The pen exploded in his mouth. He had ink all over his face and clothes. He had to sit in the exam room and finish the test with ink all over.
I went to the store looking for a new phone case. My old case was a charging case but I dropped it in the mud. I looked all over for the iPhone 6 cases. Finally, I found them. I chose a purple galaxy phone case.
Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.
Jim wanted to learn Spanish. He tried taking a class at a community center. After a three months Jim didn't know very many Spanish Words. Jim decided to move to Mexico. Now Jim speaks Spanish fluently.
Jessie woke up late one morning. She had to hurry to get her son dressed. Jessie drove her son to school. They were late to school. Jessie had to sign her son into school.
Ashley got picked up at 7:30pm. She was going to watch the Hillary vs Bernie debate at a bar. Ashley and her date arrived and got a table together. Ashley bought beers for herself and her date. They had a good time at the debate.
Sarah is a physics researcher. She had just published her first paper last month. It got accepted into Science, the journal. Her groundbreaking work has gotten her so much funding. She's been busier than ever because of it.
Jackson was at a superstore with his kids. He noticed a stand offering free samples. The woman told him that he needed his parents permission. Jackson went and found his mom. His mom agreed and Jackson was able to enjoy a sample.
Clouds of chalk dust danced in the sunlight as Ming clapped her hands. She confidently grabbed the trapeze bar and began to swing. Her father began to bark out commands in rapid fire succession. Ming met each command with perfectly executed movements. Her father's last command was that she would perform that night.
At Sara's wedding she had a weird request. She wanted people to throw rose petals instead of rice. She told her family about her wish. They bought many pounds of rose petals. Then they flung them at Sara as she exited the church!
Julie worked at GNC. Sara came into the store. She asked if Anna was working that day. Anna was not working. Sara had hoped to see her friend.
Ned had not prepared for the test in math. He was sure he would fail the test and have to take summer school. He tried to cram during lunch so that he would understand some of it. When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front. She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled!
Jim was talking to this lady he met at the bar. Some man stood in front of them and was trying to steal her. Jim got up and argued with him. The man decided to throw a punch at Jim. They ended up fighting.
Me and my friends went to the zoo the other day. While we were there we saw some exotic frogs. They were all different colors of the rainbow. We asked the zookeeper if we could touch them. He said yes and we held the frogs.
Jimmy needed to get a new lamp. He had broken his old one by accident. He went to the hardware store. He found one on sale for $5. He was happy about his purchase.
There was an office party where Steve worked. He was told to bring a dessert. He brought everyone some baklava. Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first. It was a slow start but people began to eat it all.
Tim was late for work in the morning. He was multi-tasking while driving. He hadn't been able to eat breakfast. He was trying to eat cereal when he crashed. He was decapitated instantly.
Zoe brought a map of a far away country in for show and tell. He explained to his classmates that he once visited this place. He told his classmates what the culture was like there and what he did He answered questions the other students had. He thanked the teacher for allowing him to share his map.
Olivia was excited for her first day of school. She hopped on the school bus and took a seat. When the bus got to the school she walked into the classroom. Her teacher greeted her with a nice smile. Olivia felt very welcomed and happy at this point.
The school principal warns Cornelia that her skirt is too short. However, Cornelia does not like to be told how to dress. She decides to stop going to classes. Her parents beg her to return to school. However, for Cornelia, fashion is more important than schooling.
Maria went outside to rake the leaves. She got the rake out of the garage. She raked the leaves into piles. Then, she raked each pile into a large paper bag. Finally, she dragged all of the bags to the curb to be picked up.
Stephanie was planning a party for her friends. She mailed out invitations. Her friends all came to her house. They ate lots of food. Stephanie was proud.
I wanted to make cheese. I began to boil milk. I poured vinegar into the milk. I let it curdle up over the heat. I then filtered the cheese curds out of the milk.
Sophie's cat was very naughty. It would try and climb up the curtain on a daily basis. Once, it got to the top of the curtain and fell off. This time, the cat didn't land on it's feet. It had to get treatment for a broken leg.
Sam was only four years old when he decided to plant a tree. His mom helped him plant it in the front yard and take care of it. Over the years Sam's tree grew with him. Many years later Sam was an old man and had grandchildren. He gathered his family by the tree and had a photograph taken.
My friend and I went golfing. We put a friendly wager of five dollars on the round. Before the last hole, the score was tied. With a great, forty foot putt, I won the round! I paid for the first round of drinks after the game.
Ivy feels ready to start dating. She goes on a date with a guy she met. They have drinks and some food together. Afterward he walks her to her car. Ivy is glad to be dating.
Tom came from humble beginnings. His family was very poor. Tom went to the military after high school. Tom joined the Marines. Tom served his country.
Suzie decided to go on a vacation. She didn't know where to go, so she looked to Pinterest for ideas. After an hour of browsing, Suzie made her decision. She had determined to go to Glacier National Park. That afternoon, she booked her flight.
Tom was a healthy man. One day a mosquito landed on his leg. Tom decided to not slap the mosquito. Tom flexed his leg muscles very hard. He watched the mosquito explode.
Tim was at home with his mom. He wanted dinner. He started whining. His mother told him to stop or she won't feed him. Tim was silent for the rest of the night.
Chuck lay in his beach chair reading a good book. The sun beating down caused him to slumber. The tide came in and surrounded the beach chair. Chuck continued to slumber for many hours. Awakening after the tide receded he wondered why his clothes were wet.
Tim was going swimming with friends. They decided to go to a local lake. The water was really cold. Tom didn't want to jump in at first. It took him a while to get used to it.
Aurora was a precocious girl who was bored in school. She had a nervous habit of humming. It drove the boy who sat next to her crazy. He had an idea to give her some worry beads to play with. He was thrilled when she substituted that quiet habit for her humming!
Janet picked out yards of lace and tulle to make her prom dress. She measured and cut her material precisely. Next, she spent hours sewing, adding ruffles and flounces. Her finishing touch was a zipper up the back. Finally, she put the dress on and smiled at her beautiful reflection!
Herbert was dead set on buying a new ps4. He had to make money somehow. So he found a nice temporary job. He worked hard there for three months. And he finally got enough money to buy the ps4.
Billy really wanted the new The Shins cd. Billy eagerly awaited the release. The release came. She really loved the release. She shared it with her friend.
Jerry was going meet his father for a ball game. His father was running late. Jerry had to wait in the parking lot with the tickets. Jerry's father finally arrived. They got to their seats right at the first pitch.
Elina was shopping at a big store. She heard an announcement for a free gift giveaway. She assumed it was legit and went to check it out. There a salesman handed her a product sample, the free gift. She felt silly for falling for the sales scheme and left.
Our neighbor 's 4 year old son Herman loved to swim. He used the pool often with his mom and dad. When he came he always wanted his dad to take leaves out of the pool. His father said Herman was afraid the leaves would get hurt. I said Herman was a bit of a Buddhist.
Kirby's parents were going on a trip. Kirby was too young to stay home alone. Kirby stayed at his grandparents house. He missed his parents. Kirby was excited when his parents showed up to get him.
Dan was reading. He had a new book and couldn't wait to dig into it. He read for hours the first night he had the book. Soon he was finished! He went to buy the sequel as well.
Michelle decided to move to a new home. She asked a friend to help her with moving. They packed and moved some stuff. Her friend accidentally broke Michelle's favorite vase. Michelle told her friend not to worry about it.
Key bought a new fish. He thought it might fight with his other fish. He was anxious when he added it to his tank. But luckily, the new fish got along just fine with the others! Key was very relieved.
Marjorie wanted to quit her job as a cashier. She despised her grating and cruel manager. She decided to quit in a dramatic fashion. She left letters detailing the manager's misdeeds on all doors. She was soon fired, but the manager was let go after as well.
Last week I was playing dominoes in the alley. All the gang was there. We were having fun and I kept winning. My friend accused me of cheating. I ran away before anybody could say anything.
It was 10 PM on a summer night. Gina lay in bed at her grandma's house trying to go to sleep. Gina usually stayed awake till 1 AM in the summer. But her grandmother insisted she go to sleep when she did. Unable to sleep, Gina lay in bed with nothing to do.
John made a sandwich. He laid it on the table and went to the other room. When he came back his sandwich was gone. He looked around and saw his dog chewing. His dog had eaten his sandwich.
I've been working as a freelance writer online. Most of the work is alright. I hate dealing with reluctant and unhelpful clients. But I love dealing with patient and congenial people. It makes me some extra money, though, so I take the bad and the good.
Angela always wanted to line dance. She heard about a local class on Wednesday's. She decided to go although she was nervous. Angela had a great time. She decided she would go every week.
Lynn's mom called for Lynn and her friends to come inside. They had been sitting on the swings for 2 hours. They hadn't realized it had gotten dark. Lynn wasn't ready to go inside. They defied her mother, and stayed outside another hour.
Some kids were playing with a talking doll. One of them got too rough with it and dropped it. The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible. The kids decided to pretend the doll was speaking another language. They had fun translating the "words" to each other.
Miles really wanted to go to the rock concert. His dad said he could go, on one condition. Miles had to earn the money for the ticket himself. Miles started selling papers and mowing lawns on the weekends. By concert time, he had earned enough to pay for his ticket!
Trevor realized he had gained some weight since high school. He decided to start on a new diet. He bought this leafy green stuff called Kale. He always saw celebrities drinking it so he decided to try. He realized how gross it was and then bought himself a burger.
It was raining all day yesterday. We were stuck in the house. We started to get very bored. We played some games. It was a long day.
Josh needed to pay his electric bill. He was really late and about to be shut off. Unfortunately, he had no money. He called and explained his situation. Luckily they were able to help .
It was a lazy summer day. Jane loved these kinds of days. She would always paddle in her canoe. It was so nice and relaxing. She wished days like this would never end.
Lucy was far from home and missing her friends. Her grandpa took her to the park to get her mind off it. She sat on the swing barely moving, staring at the ground. Grandpa realized the park wasn't helping. They got ice cream and went home to watch TV.
Alicia went to disney. She decided to go on the splash mountain ride. She was nervous. But when it dropped it was not bad. She wanted it again.
One day, I awoke with a very bad toothache. I had to go to the emergency dentist. When I arrived, he greeted me and got to work. He gave me an emergency root canal. I was so glad it didn't hurt anymore.
Miranda was trying to get better dental health habits. She was doing fine brushing and using mouthwash. But every time she tried to floss she felt great pain. She didn't want her hygiene to suffer so she tried floss picks. Luckily, the kid-friendly picks made flossing a lot easier.
A big thunderstorm came through, blowing down trees and power lines. Ron was gone with a friend when this happened. Ron called a neighbor, who said the neighborhood was unscathed. However, a big branch actually had broken Ron's car's windshield. Fortunately, Ron's comprehensive insurance will cover the damage.
Tamara was creative today. She decided to knit a sweater. She got her favorite thread to make the sweater. The thread was red and a little shiny. She finished the shirt and wore it for the day.
Jervis decides he wants to vote in the upcoming election. He votes for the Mayor. Unfortunately his candidate does not win. Even though his candidate didn't win, Jervis is happy he voted. He decides he will vote in the next election too.
I went on a trip to hawaii in an airplane. When I landed the first thing I did was go to the beach. I ran into the water and dove in head first. I saw sharks in the water and swam back to shore. Once I was safely on shore, I watched the sharks swim in the water.
One day I decided I wanted to learn how to boogie board. I saw a good wave and started paddling. I caught the wave and felt on top of the world. I fell off the board and banged my head on the sand. I didn't want to boogie board anymore.
Janice had stayed up late. She had planned on sleeping in on Saturday morning. Janice accidentally set her alarm to ring. The alarm woke Janice in the morning. Janice couldn't go back to sleep.
Tim had always wanted to visit Hawaii. He thought it looked beautiful on tv and postcards. Tim finally saved up enough to take a trip there. He hit all the places he dreamed of. It was as amazing as he had hoped.
Tony is down and feeling blue. His friends come by to ask him to go out. He agrees to go with them. They all go dancing. The night made Tony feel a lot better.
The church was silent. The bride and groom were holding hands. They said their vows and the priest sanctified their marriage. The bride and groom kissed. The baby inside the bride kicked once.
Neil flew into Chiang Mai, Thailand. He booked a jungle tour. They took him to ride elephants and see jungle tribes! Then he shopped for jungle souvenirs. Neil loved exploring in Chiang Mai!
Robyn was taking a shower one night. As she always did once a month, she did her self check breast exam. To her surprise she felt a small lump. She went to the Doctor who confirmed it was breast cancer. Robyn is now going through chemotherapy.
One time I needed new car tires. I heard someone would sell me some. I rode a bicycle to their house. I ended up losing my bike. I did not get the tires.
Sarah wanted to save more money on food. So she made a strict meal plan for herself. She bought 25 pounds of flour and decided to eat only bread. But after a few days, she felt terrible. Sarah decided to make a more realistic plan.
It was the day of Shannon's wedding. She was terrified, but excited. She waited in the dressing room until the wedding planner called her. She walked down the aisle with her father. When it was time, she said her I do.
The man turned on his music. He wanted to hear the base. He turned up the volume. His neighbors knocked on the wall. He turned the volume up even more.
Anna received a big box of chocolates for Valentine's Day. She loved them! She tried to eat them slowly, but they were so tasty she ate them all. The next day, she had a bad stomachache. Anna wished she hadn't eaten all those chocolates!
I almost went to my senior prom. I worked at the guidance office. The counselor wanted to introduce me to a girl. She wanted me to take her to the prom. I didn't ask her to go.
Cameron was walking home from school with his friends. Suddenly, they noticed a decrepit old cabin. They dared Cameron to go inside and check it out. Cameron went inside and wandered around a bit afraid. Then, he heard a scary noise and ran out of the house.
Tim was trying to decide on a college major. He researched the options extensively. He chose the most in demand field, software engineering. He worked hard every day and improved his skills. He ended up getting a high pay job while still in college.
Jason heard some noise in his attic. He looked into the dark attic with a flashlight. He saw the two little beady eyes of an opossum staring back at him. Jason put a trap in the attic. After catching the opossum he released it into the woods.
Tim's girlfriend always made fun of his hair. He thought it was just friendly teasing. But then he started wondering. So he decided to get a different haircut. She wound up liking him more after.
It has been hours since Katie has moved from the couch. A new show she has been waiting for was just released for streaming. She has cancelled all plans so she wouldn't have any interruptions. Just then, her friend called to hang out. Katie declined so she could finish her show.
Tom purchased a blender from the store. He was excited about his new blender. When he got home the blender did not work. He returned it to the store. He was issued a full refund.
Mona wasn't satisfied with how much money she was making. She decided to apply for a new job. She visited a business and asked for work. They told her to apply online. She never heard back from them.
Elmer and Emma were excited about the new restaurant in town. Elmer took Emma to eat there on a Friday night. The couple ordered burgers and milkshakes. Elmer ordered some fries to share with Emma. The couple agreed to return in the future.
I was in such a hurry to my appointment. Driving on the highway I was going 20 over the speed limit. I saw a cop and tried to slow down. It was too late, he turned his lights on and pulled me over. I got a $50 ticket and was late to my appointment.
Jill was spending the weekend at her aunt's house in the country. She went outside after dark to get some fresh air. When she looked up she couldn't believe how bright the stars were. In the city they weren't as noticeable because of all the lights. But out here they were everywhere and very beautiful.
Kim wanted to do her part to save the earth. She wanted to start small. She often used Styrofoam cups. She started using washable cups instead. She is one step closer to helping the earth.
Tony wanted to decorate his Christmas tree. He went to the attic and got all of the ornaments down. He opened the box and began taking out the ornaments. One by one, he hung all of them on the tree. He finished the tree by placing the star on the top.
Tod lost the remote control for his TV. So he had to change the channel using the buttons on the TV. But Tod became tired of walking from his sofa to his TV. And decided to look for his remote. When he went to bed, he felt it under his pillow.
Rob had always wanted to join the Marines. He knew it would be quite difficult, but believed in his dream. He spent all his free time preparing and joined ROTC. When he turned 18, Rob immediately started the process of joining. He was never happier than on the day he completed training.
Gina had been battling acne for Years and tried so many products. One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist. After some thought, she made an appointment with the dermatologist. The doctor suggested several products for her to try. Gina was so happy she went, because her complexion greatly improved.
Tabitha bought a new tablet for Christmas. She brought the tablet back home and opened the box. After opening the box, she played with the tablet for a minute. Suddenly, Tabitha dropped the tablet breaking the screen. Tabitha took the tablet back the store where she got a replacement.
Carol asked her son to wash her car. Her sun took the car for the day. He went to the car wash. He had forgot his money. When Carol returned the car was still dirty.
Shelly had only brought three dollars to spend for lunch. She wasn't really hungry. Shelly bought a soft drink and a bag of chips. Her friend gave her half of her sandwich. Shelly was full after lunch.
Joe was a small boy and was picked on constantly. He wanted to learn to defend himself so enrolled in karate classes. Joe was a very diligent student and trained very hard. One day a bully came up to Joe and started picking on him. Joe used his karate skills to defend himself and wasn't bullied again.
Josh was a new bartender. His first patron asked him to make a White Russian. Josh just guessed at the recipe. The patron was very dissatisfied with the result. Josh never saw the patron return to his bar again.
John and Russ were rivals in the soccer world. Their teams met in the finals of that soccer tournament. Both teams got to the end of the game with penalty kicks. John made his kick and Russ missed his to lose the game. There was still some respect between both of them after the game.
John wanted to do something special for his wife for Valentine's Day. However, he got laid off  on February 13th. He knew he'd have to save his severance money. He decided to write her a beautiful song on his guitar. His wife loved the creative gift more than a material present.
McgRuff was the name of a dog. He was a baby boxer dog. But his owner Tim got sick of him quickly. McgRuff urinated all over the house. Tim exchanged him for a cat several days later.
There were clumps of weeds all along the garden path. Bill was tired of pulling them out, because they just grew back. One day he had an idea. He got some sidewalk chalk and began to draw busily. When he stood up,there was a row of chalk people with weeds for hair.
It was an extremely stormy day. Kat was at school when she noticed the flag being blown around. The flag came loose and fell to the ground. Kat and her friends decided to go out and fix the flag. Everyone was very proud of their ethics.
Jason had a job interview. He was excited for the opportunity to work in a new field. Jason arrived fifteen minutes early to the interview. His promptness made a good impression on his future employer. A combination of good work ethics and qualifications won him the job.
Barry loved making kites in his spare time. Barry decided to make kite making into a business. Barry was amazed by the number of orders he received. Barry ensured that each kite was made with love and care. Barry was glad he could turn his hobby into a passion.
Lizzy became a lawyer to fight for justice. But she realized that the law had nothing to do with justice. If she was good, she won and if she wasn't, she lost. As justice was only served with skill, she quit. And she founded a charity to fight for justice instead.
I texted my friends way too much last month. I completely lost track of my texts and sent way too many. My parents got very mad at me for doing that. Next month they are going to keep track of my texting. I really need to pay better attention of my available texts.
Meg was a babysitter. One evening while babysitting she looks for the tv remote. She opens up the dresser in the living room. What she finds made her faint. She had seen a human hand in the dresser.
I went to the doctor yesterday. He said I had developed bone cancer. I cried in his office. He told me that with chemotherapy I would live. Upon hearing this I felt happy.
Jim got a new twitter account. People were harassing him on his old one. Suddenly, the people found him. they started bothering him more. He deleted it.
Jeff was competing in the talent show but wasn't sure what to do! He asked all his friends what they think he should do. None of them really knew his talents, so everyone was lost. Eventually Jeff decided on doing stand-up comedy. Jeff's stand-up was actually very impressive and he enjoyed himself!
Sue wanted to dye her hair, but her mom wouldn't allow it. Her mom agreed to let Sue use a temporary color. Sue used a red powdered drink to tint her hair. At school, Sue's pals thought her red hair looked cool. By the end of gym class though, the red color ran down her face.
The jenkins family were worried sick. Their dog Bandit had been missing for weeks. They had all but lost hope at ever finding him again. They posted flyers all throughout the town. Until one day their phone rang and someone said they had found Bandit!
One day a man was sick to death. His friends carried him with his bed. They took to a man called Jesus. The place was so crowded they could not get to Jesus. His friends cut a hole in the roof and let the sick man down.
Jake wanted to learn how to juggle, so he taught himself. After a few months of practice, he was capable of juggling well. Jake wanted to think of a way to show off his new talent. He planned on going to a juggling class, just to brag about his skill. However, he quickly realized he was not as skilled as he had thought!
Ann went to her Friday night bowling league at the bowling alley. She put on her shoes and lucky bowling glove. Ann grabbed her pink bowling ball and walked up to the pins. She threw her bowling ball and got a strike. Her team cheered loudly for Ann.
Cameron was a champion bull fighter. He won many medals and trophies. One day, he was thrown off the bull. He got very hurt. Cameron is now a retired bull fighter.
Michelle is going to see a movie. At the movies she sits down to watch the movie. After the movie ends she goes home. When she gets home she realizes something important. Michelle left her purse at the movies!
Yesterday I got a kindle book. It was great. I liked the book a lot. I read it in two days. It was impressive.
Sam was buying a used car. He looked everywhere for the perfect one. He found one for sale from an old seller. The seller had taken great care of it and driven it very little. Sam bought the car and felt he got a great deal.
Amy and Sue were dorm mates and enemies. Amy was working on an important assignment on her laptop. Amy hadn't realized the battery wasn't in the laptop. Sue intentionally tripped over the cord pulling it from the wall. Amy was horrified when she realized she lost all her hard work.
Armin decided that he wanted to play baseball. He wasn't very good. Armin's friends said they'd teach him to play. They played every day for weeks before Armin's tryout. Armin made the team!
Jon lived in Norway. The winter was rough. He hadn't seen a blue sky and shining sun in weeks. One crisp morning, there were no clouds. The sun shined bright and Jon was happy.
The girl never knew when to stop talking. Even when her boyfriend asked her to stop, she continued to speak. The story she told was making him sick at his stomach. Again, he asked her to stop talking but she continued. Finally, thanks to her, he threw up into the trash can.
I turned the water on so I could take a shower. I went downstairs to talk to my kids. One thing led to another and I was distracted for 30 minutes. I went back upstairs and climbed into the shower. The water was so cold I screamed like a little girl.
James lived near the edge of the State Forest. He heard there were bears in the area but he ignored the warnings. One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash. He called animal control and had the bear relocated. James will take the warnings more serious after the incident.
Dan wanted a position at ABC Unlimited Company. Dan made some calls, setting an appointment with the hiring manager. Dan strode into the office on interview day, brimming with confidence. Dan dazzled the hiring manager with his knowledge of the company. Dan got the job!
Lucy had signed up for the army. She was about to be deployed. Her parents were very worried. They didn't want anything to happen to her. But Lucy went anyway.
Tom's water heater was electric. He hadn't paid his electric bill. They shut off his power. Tom needed to take a shower. He took a horribly cold one.
I had to call technical support for a problem with my computer. The automated voice said the wait time was thirty minutes. I held the line for over two hours. Finally, a technical support person came on the line. I had to call back again because he was unable to fix my problem.
Julie was looking forward to prom. She went shopping for her dress with her mother. They drove to the store. They tried on many dresses. They found one Julie loved and purchased it.
Dick had a world map poster hung on his bedroom wall. The poster was covered with pins and labels. It represented all the places Dick wanted to travel one day. Every day Dick would research new countries and add them to his list. It wasn't long before Dick booked his first trip.
It was a stormy night. Emily's little sister was terrified of storms. Emily did everything she could to comfort her but nothing worked. Finally she gave her sister her favorite teddy bear to hold. It made her feel better until the storm ended.
Jenny could not get the thought of a cheeseburger out of her mind. Jenny logged onto Yelp to find out where to get the best cheeseburger. Jenny located a fast food restaurant nearby that had good ratings. Jenny got into her car and drove to the fast food restaurant. Jenny ordered a cheeseburger and ate it in her car.
While her boyfriend was asleep, Anya slipped out. She went to the Starbucks to order his favorite drink. Anya also ordered breakfast sandwiches for the two of them. She returned to her boyfriend making breakfast. They laughed as they ate a huge breakfast.
Connor was hiking in the woods. After hours of walking, he began to feel tired. He sat down, leaning against a large plant. When he sat up, he felt a sharp pain in his lower back. He turned around to see that he had leaned against a cactus.
Yesterday we went to the museum. We viewed all the exhibits. Then we noticed we were the only ones in the museum. It had gotten very late and we got locked in the museum. We finally got out of the museum this morning when they opened.
Vanessa and fred are married. Fred has been tired of the marriage. He cheats on vanessa. Vanessa founds out. They divorce.
Wallace visited a new city. He walked the streets during the night. In the distance, he saw a shadowy figure. He timidly approached it. Once he got closer, he realized it was just a gargoyle.
My friends and I went to the movies last weekend. We wanted to see a movie that had just come out on Friday. We all made sure to buy our tickets online early in the day. We also made sure to get to there early so we could sit together. We enjoyed the show from the best seats in the house!
Debbie's teacher told the class they would build something. Debbie asked if they could make a rain barrel. The teacher thought that was great. They found a barrel. Next they painted and put in a spout.
Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight. We asked her how her son Henry was. She said he fell off a playground structure on Sunday. He had to go to the hospital, but he is ok. Julia seemed somber about the accident.
Henry was on a hike with his dog. He was supposed to head back to his car but soon realized he was lost. He decided that his safest bet was to stay put and call 911. The operator helped him to navigate his way back. Luckily, he was safe in no time.
It was very cold in Tracy's house. She wrapped herself in a robe. The robe was fuzzy and warm. She tied it tightly and went about her day. Tracy was happy her husband had bought her the robe for Christmas.
Dora was sitting in class on the first day of school. Her teacher announced that they would play an icebreaker game. She explained that each student would have to share three facts. Dora then learned that one of the facts would have to be untrue. Dora became excited, because she knew exactly what facts to tell.
Janae is very active on facebook. But she say's it doesn't make her feel good about herself. She feels that the online relationships are fake and shallow. Janae says she'd rather have face to face relationships. So she deactivated her facebook and swears not to re-activate it.
Mario was an inventor. He once created a novel way to make energy. However, his teacher stole the idea and claimed it as his own. Mario was distraught. He left and was never seen again.
Gary was very competitive, especially when it involved bowling. Gary's friend's recently challenged him to a friendly game. Gary came prepared with his lucky bowling ball and gloves. However, Gary was shocked at how well his friends were doing. Gary was upset that he lost his first bowling match ever!
Taylor met a good-looking man on an online dating site. She found him to be very attractive and fun to be around, too. On their third date, he drank too much and called Taylor names. Taylor wanted nothing more to do with him after that. She changed her dating profile to specify non-drinkers only.
Her favorite ring had a unicorn on it. She had just gone to the store to buy it last week. She had looked through all the options. Her little girl mind jumped straight to the idea of a unicorn ring. She found a pink one holding a tiny jewel on the bottom shelf.
Most people are motivated to work hard in order to get a pay raise. Most companies have a clear set of goals and a schedule for that. WLD employed mostly young or desperate people that didn't know better. One by one, they all got a modest employee of the month bonus instead. It would be ungrateful to push for a raise after that.
Tina went on the show wheel of fortune last week. She loved the show and was excited to be on it. During the game she ended up winning. Tina win money and a trip to Greece. She was so excited.
Tim was a college student. Tim played sports in college. He enjoyed the sports very much. Tim wanted to play more sports after his regular practice session. Tim went to the gym and played with the recreational student athletes.
Priss really wanted a string bikini for the upcoming vacation. All her classmate had string bikinis. Priss' dad gave her $30 and gave her discretionary power to spend it. Priss bought a string bikini at the mall. She wore the bikini during the vacation.
Jenny wanted to become a professional rope jumper. She decided to try out for a local team. She did all the tricks and stunts they asked. Jenny was nervous about her performance. However, Jenny was delighted to hear she made the team.
Chad's daughter was starting kindergarten. Chad was excited yet nervous dropping off his daughter. Chad's daughter waved to him and gave him a kiss. As she took her seat, Chad began to cry. Chad was happy to see his daughter adjusting to her school.
Lily just learned how to drive. She needed a license. She went and got one. It felt so freeing. She couldn't believe she finally had one.
Michael is throwing a party. His friends are all having a blast. Michael begins to drink. He drinks until he can't stand no more. He eventually passes out from all the drinking.
Maggie's favorite Youtubers put out a new video. Maggie was excited to watch it. She watched the whole thing one night. When she was done, she left a comment. After that, she shared the video online.
We lived in a basement condo. One day I found a snapping turtle in the hall. I think it crawled through a window. I put the turtle into a box and released it near a pond. Somebody told me there were a lot of turtles in the pond.
Sam live in an old apartment building. He decided to get renter's insurance. One day there was an electrical fire. The wiring was old and burned into a wall. Sam was happy he got insurance.
I was never a good student. I failed more than I ever succeeded in academics. When I became a father that all changed. My daughter motivated me to finish school. Thanks to my baby girl I have two degrees.
Tara had been feeling a bit tired lately. She went to her doctor to get a checkup. Her doctor drew some blood for testing. The results indicated that she had low levels of Vitamin D. Tara's doctor recommended that Tara get more exposure to the sun.
Katy was happy when her father got cancer. It allowed her to take a break from her career for awhile. Katy enjoyed being able to live a normal life for a change. Unfortunately, her dad's cancer went into remission. Katy had to resume her career when he recovered.
My friend's love to throw raging keggers. Last Friday they threw one for the ages. Everyone we knew showed up and got trashed. We all laughed, drank, cried and just had an incredible time. It was easily one of the best funerals I've ever been to.
When I was a child I used to go to a local amusement park. The park had one of the oldest roller coasters in the USA. I went on it once and it felt shaky and unsafe. I decided I would never go on it again since I valued my safety. I recently heard that the park had finally tore it down.
Patsy was 14, and had always been an only child. Her parents wanted a bigger family, and adopted 13 year old Jill. Patsy was wary of the new child - what if they didn't get along? Things were tense until Patsy turned on music, and Jill lit up. They both loved the same band, and the bonding between sisters began.
The cat was looking for a place to take a nap. It specifically wanted some place warm. It tried the TV, but it was too loud. It tried the couch, but it was too cold. Finally it settled on a warm loaf of bread.
On Monday my wife bought an Easter basket for our granddaughter. We live in Boston and she lives in NYC. We had trouble finding a box. We found one today and packed the basket up. The box should arrive by Saturday.
Tony loved to run laps around the track. He would always time himself with his lucky timer. One day, Tony was running and lost his lucky timer! Tony was devastated and thought that he would never run laps again! right before Tony left, he saw his lucky timer on the finish line!
Dan needed a job to pay his rent. He applied for many jobs but had no responses. Eventually he asked his friends for help. Sarah needed to hire a new waiter for her restaurant. Dan started working for Sarah so he can pay his rent.
I danced my heart out! I heard the judges call my name. I happily accepted the first place medal. My teacher told me I had misheard them. I had only received third place after all.
Craig was about to participate in a half-marathon. Feeling confident, Craig ate two burgers an hour before the race. Craig's friend Tom warned him it was a bad idea. By the second mile of the race, Crag was having horrible cramps. He never ate burgers before a race again.
Frank is very athletic. He decides to join a team of people doing mud runs. Frank practices with his team once a week. Frank enters his first mud run race with his team. Frank's team wins their first mud run as a group.
My Nanny always threw a big Thanksgiving party. She'd spend months baking pies, cookies, and homemade candies. The whole family came every year, packing her little trailer full. The last year of her life, she did it all, even though she had cancer. That was the last Thanksgiving my family got together.
Randy is unhappy. He sets out to look for a wife. He finds a woman in the bar. He falls in love with her. He marries her and lives happily  ever after.
Jen wanted to bake cookies. She found a recipe. She bought ingredients. She mixed them all up. Jen then burned the cookies.
Anna found a lovely shell at the beach. She wanted to keep it forever. She took it home with her that day. Later, she set it on a string to wear as a necklace. ANna loved to show off her shell necklace as often as she could.
Brownie is my dog. She was born in the beginning of December. Last year we celebrated her birthday on December 10th. She got a cake made out of soft dog food for her birthday. She also got a bone with a bow wrapped around it
Tim was hiking with friends. He thought they knew where they were going. They thought they were following Tim. They all wound up getting lost. It took them hours to find their way back.
Carl was passionate about computers. He took many classes about computer programming. He decided to build a computer himself. He spent many hours researching and planning the computer. He successfully built the computer and saved a lot of money doing so.
My friends took me to the back of their house. Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette. He asked if I tried it before and I said no. He forced me to try it. When I took a puff, I started to cough.
The man bought some popcorn. He got some stuck in his teeth. His gum became swollen. He flossed really well. The popcorn came out.
The snow fell for almost two whole days. When it was over, I sent the boys outside to shovel your driveway. The neighbor offered assistance with his new snowblower. Before long, the driveway was cleared of the snow by my sons. The boys and my neighbor came inside for some hot cocoa that I'd made
I went to the bank the other day. I had to open a new bank account. The lady who worked with me was very nice and helpful. She opened a bank account for me. Now I can deposit my checks from work.
Carly had heard her parents whispering all day. They had some sort of secret surprise in store. She tried to figure it out all day, but couldn't. Finally, her parents asked her to get in the car. In the car, they finally revealed that they were taking her on a trip.
My mom was browsing through the internet. The computer froze for a few minutes. Her anger built up. After five minutes, she slammed the mouse on the desk. The mouse broke.
Courtney went to the fair with her parents. She wandered off near some booths alone. Courtney realized she couldn't find her parents. She got nervous and tried to find them. Finally she got a police officer to help her.
The match was tied 25-25. Matt was told to serve the volleyball. Although he was the best server, he felt nervous. He took a few seconds to think. When he served the ball, it landed in the out area.
Maggie was babysitting for the first time. Her sister, Jill, began to get scared as it got dark. Maggie told her she would make her some no more fear medicine. Maggie went to the kitchen and mixed strawberry syrup with pop rocks. After a spoonful, Jill declared she was as brave as a lion.
Jordan was a spoiled child. He got a baseball bat for his birthday. His brother wanted to try it out. Jordan wouldn't let his brother try his new bat. Jordan's dad punished him by taking the bat away.
John was putting up christmas lights. He was on top of a shaky ladder. The ladder tipped over and john fell. He hurt his back and had to call for help. His wife took him to the hospital.
Tom loved going shooting. He tried to go at least twice a month. Last time he made a new friend. The new friend was equally enthusiastic. They both started going together.
When my wife was little she went into the garage looking for a book. When she pulled the book out from the stack a refrigerator hit her. When it her she fell into a can of paint and broke her nose. After she woke up she walked back into the house with a broken nose. Her mother said let's go to the hospital.
Fran was 8 months pregnant. She was very grouchy. She would yell at her husband and friends. Everyone decided to avoid her for the next month. They hoped she would be nicer once she delivered.
The new soccer coach took the sport very seriously. She made the team do drills for all of practice. Then she told them to run home instead of drive. When it was time for the first game, the team did great! It was obvious all their hard work had paid off.
Jeff was lonely. Jeff went to the pet store. Jeff bought a dog. Jeff named the dog Henry. Jeff no longer felt lonely.
Tom needed to buy soap. Tom took three showers per day. Tom went to the store. Tom shopped for soap. Tom purchased soap.
Jordan was playing fetch with his dog. He accidentally threw the stick too far. The stick landed in his neighbor's pool. His dog jumped right into the pool. His dog splashed water all over his neighbor's porch.
Allie was driving to work. All the sudden she had to slow down. They were doing construction. They were also making pavement. Allie could smell it.
Dana waited for her cousin to bring her lawn mower back. She waited and waited, wondering where he was. Finally, she called Al's house. Al's wife, Nudge, said Al had left five hours ago. Al sat drowning his sorrows at the People's Pub.
Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant. She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss. He tries to woo her with money and goods. She seduces her boss. Her boss and wife get divorced and he marries his assistant.
Kevin was hearing noises in his house. It sounded like birds chirping. The noises seemed to be coming from his chimney. Kevin called a professional chimney cleaner. The cleaner found and removed bird's nests in the chimney.
Dave had to take a train to his grandma's house. This was his first time. He kept asking people for help and directions. He made everything on time. He met up with his grandma.
Tom wanted to lead his team to victory in the basketball game. He asked his coach what he should do to improve his performance. His coach gave him some pointers on handling stress during games. Tom noticed a remarkable difference in his gameplay during the game. His team won and he felt satisfied with his performance.
Tim was the leader of his school's mathematics club. He only had three members but needed more members for funding. He advertised it all over school and made a big contest. Spending money out of his own pocket, Tim thought he did a good job. Unfortunately at the following days meeting no one knew showed up.
Yany invited her family and friends to a baby shower. They communicated, ate food and participated in activities. In the meanwhile, Yany was arguing with her boyfriend. When he came to the house, he started to break the decorations. Everyone stopped what they were doing because of him.
Sam wanted to go to the park His mom told him it was going to rain. Sam didn't believe her. When Sam got to the park it started to rain. He went back and apologized to his mom for not believing her.
My daughter fell asleep as soon as the Plane started to move. As soon as the Plane landed she woke up. We had an hour lay hour. As we got on our second plane she fell asleep again. She slept until we landed in Orlando.
Sara was hired for a new job. Her new job was several states away. Sarah was nervous about leaving her friends and family behind. She made new friends. Sara loves her new home.
Bell found an old copy of Moby Dick. The book was in terrible shape from years of use. This wasn't a problem to an expert book restorer like Bell. She spent two days restoring the book to prestige condition. She donated the book to the library for future readers.
I woke up with a huge headache. When I came into the kitchen, I saw the front door open. Several birds were walking out of the house. When I looked outside, there was a huge hole on the ground. Several construction workers were working on the site.
Jill and Ryan were ecstatic when they woke up and saw all the snow. They knew school would be cancelled! They spent their day building a fort out of snow. They worked well together but became cold and exhausted. Their mother made them hot chocolate to help them recuperate.
Fay had told her son not to hang on the side of the shopping cart. He continued to do so though. Then on one shopping trip he accidentally pulled the cart over. It fell on top of him, making him cry. Fay never had to remind him not to hang on the side again.
I was talking to my friend Jack today. I told him my stroke affected my ability to enjoy eating. He told me his sister has no sense of taste and has Ensure to stay ali. He even told me she had considered suicide. I stopped complaining.
For my 21st birthday I decided to celebrate in Las Vegas. I took a bunch of my friends to come along with me. My friends and I drove along the strip and went to music shows. Our favorite show was Britney Spears. The trip was one of a lifetime.
I was up all night studying for an exam and got a terrible ache. I was tossing and turning in bed and didn't know what to do. The pain would not go away. I tried very hard to forget it. Finally I took an Advil and felt better soon.
Adeline was excited for her senior year prom that night. She couldn't believe that the cutest guy had asked her out. She always thought of herself as frumpy and awkward with an underbite. When she went to meet him at the dance her heart froze still. He explained how he lost a bet and had to be her date.
Our family went to the pet store on Saturday. We spent time looking at all of the pets. We spent the most time looking at ferrets. We decided to buy a ferret as a new pet. We went home with our new furry friend.
Anna milked her cow every morning. One morning she decided not to drink the milk, but to churn butter. It came out well, so she began making other things too. Soon she was making whipped cream and clotted cream with her milk. Anna was great at turning fresh milk into yummy treats!
Mark came back from work exhausted. He fell on the bed ready for a good nap. But as always his neighbor was playing loud music. So Mark put on his earbuds to listen to what he liked best. And fell asleep within minutes to the sound of ocean waves.
Candy was asleep in her bed. She was having an extremely nice cream about her friends. Suddenly her dog woke her up as he readjusted in the bed. Candy tried her best to fall back asleep and hang onto the dream. Alas it was useless and the dream passed.
Last summer I went on a trip to Europe. While I was there I went to France. In France I got lost wandering around the city. I was scared because I can't speak French and couldn't ask for help. Eventually I made it safely back to my hotel.
The official announced that there's two minutes left on the game. Both teams were trying to make a goal. Jenny from the blue team had possession of the soccer ball. Anna tried to kick the ball away from her. She ended up kicking Jenny in the face.
Whenever I try to eat onions, I gag. I just cannot stand the taste. One day my friend had a big surprise for me. He gave me a friend Blooming Onion from a restaurant. I tasted it and jumped for joy at how good it was.
Zach was still feeling weak after having the flu. His big soccer game was a week away. His coach still would not let him practice. The coach allowed him to do small exercises. Zach still did not feel well enough to play the next week either.
John was driving to work one morning. He tried to avoid a bicyclist. John crashed into the stop sign. He was rushed to the hospital. John sustained minor injuries.
Sam wanted a class ring. They were very expensive! He decided to mow lawns to try to earn the money. He mowed and mowed every weekend for months. By June, he could afford the biggest, fanciest class ring!
Allie loved the beach. She was an experienced swimmer. But when she went to this beach she was shocked. The waves were too big. She couldn't even swim in it.
Madeline was doing some gardening. She put her hand in some flowers and felt a sharp sting. A bee had stung her! Her hand swelled up and hurt. She stopped gardening and iced her hand.
Harry loved playing badminton. One day, while playing he broke his racket and started crying. His coach saw this, and promised him a new one if he practiced more. Harry went the extra mile for his practice and became confident. His coach gave him the surprise on his birthday, and he was ecstatic.
Ethan decided he was ready to get a pet. He went to the local shelter to decide on a dog or cat. After looking at all the animals, he still couldn't make up his mind. On the way out, he heard a dog start barking and running after him. Ethan smiled as he realized the dog made the decision for him.
Sophie loved gymnastics and dance. She joined cheer for the first time. She was going to compete in just a couple of months. Sophie practiced diligently. She wanted to do a great job.
Tim smelled smoke. He went outside. Smoke was coming from the grass. Someone had thrown a cigarette in there. She stomped the fire out before it could spread.
Tom was feeling a bit down. He thought a shopping trip would cheer him up. Tom got himself several new items. Unfortunately they didn't make him happier. Tom kept shopping to see if it would help.
I have a big gambling problem. I gamble on all sorts of things and I rarely ever win. Last week I lost two hundred dollars on the Super Bowl. My cousin bought me a self help book on gambling issues. I have read half of it and I am inspired to change my ways.
Terry worked long hours at the plant. She hoped to come home to a dinner waiting for her. When she got home, her husband was not there. Terry was annoyed at him. He arrived with takeout for both of them and Terry cheered right up.
Barb wanted to go to the circus. Her parents decided to take her for her birthday. They thought she would love seeing all the different animals. Barb did enjoy the animals, but her favorite part was the clowns. She decided she will become a professional clown when she grows up.
Ken loved playing Smash Bros. He got really good at it over time. He finally decided to join a tournament. Ken got third place. It motivated Ken to play even more.
Janet owned a pet food shop. She was going out of business and wanted to sell everything. She decided to mark things down 60%. Everyone swarmed her store eager to stock up. She made a killing to help her in her next endeavor.
Tim went hunting in the forest. He saw a bear five paces away. It was very close, and his shot couldn't miss he thought. Tim missed badly and grazed the bear's ear. Tim was never found since.
Henrietta had a best friend named Leigh. It was almost Leigh's birthday. Henrietta and her mother went to the mall to pick out a gift. Henrietta decided to buy matching necklaces for her and her friend. They were best friend's necklaces.
Bill needed his GED. He went to classes to prepare him. Then he took the practice test. He passed, so he took the real thing. Bill passed and was awarded his GED!
One day, Gary found a dark spot on his shoulder. He had never seen the mole before and he grew worried. Gary went to the doctor and had it checked. The doctor told him that mole was just a dark freckle. Gary was very happy and relieved.
Jamie got a huge promotion. He was called into the boardroom to receive the news. He was very proud that his hard work had paid off. He told the execs that he would not let them down. He was determined to perform well.
Henry bought a panda for his sister. She thanked him and accepted it. However, she didn't realize that a webcam was attached to it. When her friends came over, Henry was spying on them. She never found out about the webcam until a week later.
Kara works at Taco Bell. She had a horrible customer today. The customer came in and ordered then sent everything back. Kara finally had her manager deal with him. She was glad when the customer left.
Lucy parents have just completed remodel of her new bathroom. She was excited to try it out. The bathroom door became stuck. Lucy was trapped inside. Her little brother had to rescue Lucy by breaking down the door.
The whole family gathered together. We watched with anticipation as the turkey was removed from the oven. Two or three of the older men argued about who should carve it. The oldest women in the family told us all to sit down and get ready. Everyone excitedly complied and knew dinner would be served soon.
Brian's I-phone wouldn't charge. He did not want to buy a new one. His wife researched on the internet. They decided to see if there was lint in the charging portal. After they cleaned the lint out, the Iphone charged normally.
Mike's wife got cancer while their kids were still babies. They spent years in hospitals with specialists trying to get her well. His wife died after five years of suffering. Mike was left to raise his children without their mother. He has done an admirable job of taking care of them on his own.
Stella was playing in a basketball game at her school. She was running down the court with the ball. She tripped and twisted her ankle. She fell to the ground in pain. Her teammates, her coach helped her off the floor.
Cyrus wrote a new song on her guitar. She recorded the song on her computer. The next day she played the recording of the song. The recording did not play correctly. Cyrus paid three hundred dollars for new recording software.
The sermon started, and everyone sat to hear it. During the sermon, a man fell asleep. His wife shook him, but he did not wake up. People in the church came to check on him, but he was unresponsive. The paramedics took him to the hospital, where he later died.
Samantha woke up late for school. She was afraid she wasn't going to catch the bus. She rushed around frantically. Her brother helped her. She ran out the door and caught the school bus.
It was a brutally hot summer. Pam was sitting on a lounge chair. She had just gotten out of the pool. A butterfly landed on her leg by a drop of water. It was drinking from the droplet on her leg!
Nancy was a very bright girl. She spent all day playing with a 3d modeling program. Nancy had an idea for a magnetic pulse engine. She spent hours crafting it on her computer. She finished and watched as all the intricate parts worked perfectly.
In college, I took some very interesting classes. One of which was Persuasion. The class taught the concept of how to persuade people. I still use those tactics to this day. My college classes are used primarily for my everyday life now.
Jason heard that an ice storm was coming. He decided to go to a party despite the oncoming storm. The storm made the roads very slippery. On the way home Jason's car skidded and he wrecked it. Jason realized that going to the party was a bad decision.
Sandra had never been to Italy before. She was really loving the experience. Her sister had come along with her on the trip. They went all over Italy stopping in several different cities. Sandra would always remember her wonderful trip to Italy.
Alex introduced Tom to his dog. Tom tried to pet the dog on his head. The dog bit his arm. He tried to break free and ran. The dog ran after him and jumped on his back.
I was helping Leidy with her science fair project tonight. After she turned it in, she thanked me for all her help. A week later, I called her to arrange another meet-up. She didn't' respond until next month. The message says that she had to walk her dog and couldn't come.
Clara was exhausted after her long jog through Central Park. She arrived at a local cafe and sat down to rest. She ordered a mug of rootbeer, her favorite drink. The root beer came in a frosty mug, ice cold. Clara thoroughly enjoyed drinking the root beer.
I opened up a new bank account last month. I put my one hundred dollars in the bank. A week later I was completely broke. I realized I was spending too much money on video games. I decided to make a budget so that I wouldn't go broke again.
The newly married couple decided to buy a house. They had lived in an apartment for a year. They were nervous about buying a house. They finally had saved up enough money. They were relieved when they signed the papers.
It was such a warm day and we decided to hold a pool party. We got food to eat and drinks for the party. We invited a number of our friends and got people to come. Everyone had so much fun playing in the pool. We were so glad to do it and look forward to having it again.
Tom invited his family too a cookout. He needed some food and went too the store. Tom got some food and drinks. Tom went home and began to cook as guest entered his home. Tom's guest enjoyed the party.
Aya was Japanese-American, and proud of her heritage. She decided to honor her culture by learning Japanese. First she watched instruction videos and took notes. Then she practiced speaking with a local Japanese lady. Finally, she took a trip to Japan to show off her new skill!
The hunter woke up early one morning. It was the start of buck week. The hunter excitedly got his materials together. The hunter hunted a deer in the woods. At the end of the day the hunter brought the deer home to eat.
My wife has a bad habit of oversleeping. She will snooze her alarm so many times every morning. She is often late for work and today she got in trouble for it. I told her I won't let her oversleep anymore. For a week now I personally wake her up every morning.
It didn't matter what they fought about. It always started with him making cruel digs at her. She would close down emotionally to keep it from hurting. Then he would get angry at her for closing down. She sat there while he berated her with terrible things.
John was an avid reader. He decided to buy many books online. He asked friends for recommendations. He searched the internet for the best works of literature. He bought many great books and added them to his collection.
David decided to walk to a park. But the bright sun really irritated him. So the next time he brought an umbrella. And he was able to walk much farther. David brought his umbrella with him everywhere.
One morning, I missed the bus to school. School was nearby, so I decided to walk. I walked for a while and listened to music. I finally made it to my school. When I arrived, I was late for class.
Susie loved ipads. But she never had one of her own. So she decided to go and get one. But unfortunately she found no cheap ones. Finally she saw one at the store but it was the last one.
Lars loves the TV show Big Brother. He has watched many seasons of the show. He decided that he wanted to be a contestant on the show. He applied to be cast on the show with a video. He was selected to be a contestant based on his casting video.
I was having difficulty reaching my work goal. No matter how hard I tried, there just wasn't much to do. I worked late into the night. I took on extra jobs for less wages. Eventually I made enough money to get by.
Ricky was going to make a cake. However, he was out of sugar. He knocked on his neighbor's door to borrow a cup. The woman who answered kindly gave him some. With the borrowed sugar he made a chocolate cake.
Sandra was nervous. She just got her gym membership. She walked in the door and was a bit intimidated. She overcame it though and began working out. She felt great working out in the gym.
Candy came home to find a homeless family on their doorstep. She invited them in to stay the night. But in the morning they wouldn't leave. Candy took them to a shelter. Everyone was happy with the outcome.
Christine's daughter's birthday is tomorrow. Christine went to the kitchen and got out all her baking supplies. She added all the ingredients for a cake into a bowl and mixed them. Christine put the mixture in a pan and baked it in the oven. Christine decorated the cake in pink for her daughter.
Garrett was a really good baseball player for his college team. One game he heard that there was someone watching him play. He found out after the game that it someone from a major league team. A few weeks later Garrett received a message. He learned that the Boston Red Sox wanted to meet with him.
I was in the marching band in high school. Each Friday, we took turns bringing a snack. For my turn, I brought an entire box of Snicker bars. I ate so many Snickers I got sick. I never ate another Snicker bar again.
Mirna had always been a healthy woman. She began to experience pain on a daily basis. Her whole body ached it was very scary for Mirna. Mirna scheduled an appointment to see the doctor. Her doctor diagnosed her with fibromyalgia.
The chess match began. My first opponent gave me a handshake. The same was tied until the end. I had a small lead. He was afraid to lose and made two moves when I looked away.
Charlie and his mom went to the park. The park had a pond and the pond had ducks! There were baby ducks as well. Charlie wanted to feed the baby ducks. His mom gave him bread and Charlie happily fed the ducks!
Nick and Pat met when they were 7 years old. They lived across the street from one another when they were children. They went to the same schools and always hung out together. When they became adults Nick moved away but they still kept in touch. They are now 53 years old and they are still the closest of friends.
I had gotten fired from my Job. My phone was dead, and I couldn't use it. My day was going horrible. I ended up talking to a homeless man who was sitting nearby. He was the best listener I've ever ran across.
Jerry is having a sleepover. Jerry decides it would be fun to watch adult tv. He and his friends watch the playboy channel. Jerry's mother walks in on them watching it. She turns the tv and grounds Jerry for a week.
Gina needed to get out of traffic. She spotted a side street she could turn down. But the side street was still 5 cars up. Gina had to wait for her chance to turn off the street. The only question was to take a left, or a right.
Tom had social anxiety. He wanted to confront it. He joined his high-school acting troupe. Tom was nervous about his first performance. It went surprisingly well and Tom gained confidence.
Bill always loved the Star Wars movies as a kid. Bill's wife was wondering how to celebrate Bill's birthday. Bill went to work thinking it was just a normal day. When Bill came home he saw his wife talking with a man in the den. Bill walked in to find the man was George Lucas!
Tommy went to a birthday party with his family. He was playing with other children and having fun. Then Jimmy tried to steal his favorite train. Tommy left the party without telling his parents and went next door. His upset parents finally found him after looking for ten minutes.
One day I was taking my son's friends home to their mom. I had to drive around an accident scene. A car had crashed through a chain link fence into a yard. Luckily the car did not hit the house. We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late.
Gin's brother brought home some tacos. Both of them were immediately hungry and started to eat. Since some of the tacos were cold, Gin became nauseous. During the next day, he caught food poisoning. His brother rushed him to the hospital.
A boy decided to play a harmless prank on his school. He brought a ticking clock and pretended it was a bomb. In response to the furor, he cried racism. He pursued a multi-million dollar lawsuit against everyone he could. Now he can afford to move to Qatar.
Allie wanted to eat some food. She went to see how much it was. It was ten dollars for a sandwich. Allie was not having it. She was not going to buy anything.
Greg ordered new headphones online. And he threw away all of the packaging. But after only a few hours of wearing them, he felt pain. Greg tried to return them. He regret throwing away all of the packaging.
Gary went to the pond. He cast his rod in it. He caught a fish. He pulled it up. It was actually a boot.
Alice wants to prove to her mom that she can dress herself. Unfortunately, she gets her head stuck in her pajama top before bed. Alice walks around in circles, running into the wall. Her older sister comes into the room and helps her into her shirt. They tell mom Alice did it all by herself.
Amanda lost her brand new kitten. She searched for it in the house. She searched for it outside. She put up Lost Kitten posters. Somebody saw the posters and returned her kitten to her.
Chris drove over a nail on his way home. The tire began to deflate very slowly. When he got home the tire was totally flat. He took out the nail and cursed his poor luck. Chris looked for his spare tire to change the bad one.
Tammy's aunt sent her money for her birthday. Tammy's mother brought her to the store to buy her a gift. Tammy began to look at all the toys and games. She couldn't decide which to choose. Tammy decided to save her money.
Riley is shopping at the mall. She is heading down the escalator. While getting on she slips. She tumbles down the escalator. Riley gets up after falling and goes home.
Lewy woke up one crispy cold November morning. He could smell the aroma of pancakes frying. It was than he remembered today was his Birthday. He jumped out of bed dashed into the kitchen. There it was in the middle of the kitchen  his brand new John Deere.
Albert was having dinner with his fiance. All of a sudden someone started choking. He jumped up and ran over to help He was able to save the person's life. Albert's fiancee was impressed and he felt heroic.
Uter positively loved the taste of caramel. He ate so much that his parents encouraged him to cut back. He snuck some behind their back, so they banned it in the house. Uter looked up a recipe and made caramel on the stove. Uter's parents admonished him, but respected his tenacity.
The last time we drove through Arkansas, we saw the nuclear plant. My son immediately asked if it really was a giant chicken cooker. I smiled at him in the rearview mirror but didn't answer. He laughed and said I tricked him. He and I agreed to keep it a secret from his sister.
My son's friend Bill owns an ice cream shop. Bill was looking for someone to open up the store. My son's friend Frank offered to do the job. Bill told Frank he would hire him if he stayed for two months. Frank quit after a week, leaving Bill and my son angry.
Kim's job was having an event at a local restaurant. They closed the office and everyone walked there in groups. Management went on and on about ethics and making the company better. The event was boring but Kim stayed anyway. After Kim left thinking it was all lip service, but hoped for change.
Ian had an envelope he needed to mail. He tried to send it, but he had no postage stamps. Ian peeled an old stamp off an old envelope. He used super glue to get it to stick. Weeks later, the envelope was returned to him because of mail fraud.
Jane's car broke down. She had no money for the repairs. Her family and friends heard about her plight and decided to chip in. They gathered enough money to buy her a new car. Jane was beyond overjoyed and grateful.
Ulrich was trying to adjust his microphone stand. Every time he thought he had it in place, the rod would slip. Ulrich tried twisting the knobs really hard to hold it in place. He ended up breaking one off with too much force. Ulrich got frustrated and decided to go do a contact sport instead.
I called the Chinese Restaurant and ordered some orange chicken. I waited a little while, and then left to pick it up. I paid the cashier and took my order. I got home and sat my food on the table. When I opened it, they had given me the wrong order.
CJ went for a routine mammogram. The next morning her doctor called to say they saw something odd. The doctor asked CJ to come back into the office for a biopsy. Three days later CJ got the news she had breast cancer. CJ was terrified but agreed to do whatever necessary to save her life.
Sam had a cat who loved to scratch. She tried buying cat towers from the store. However they quickly fell apart and were a waste of money. Sam bought the supplies and decided to make her own. Sam's cat loves her new tower and it is standing up to the task.
John was a cook at a little diner. He always tried to make his dishes as tasty as possible. However, nobody ever complimented him on his cooking. One day an older lady came in and told him how great her meal was. Her compliment put a big smile on his face.
I was excited to go snorkeling for the first time. My friend told me to go to crab island and snorkel. I made a reservation with a tour guide to take me there. I had an amazing time. Someone on the tour caught a seahorse.
Gary invited friends over. They didn't know what to do. They looked at his Playstation. They asked to play. They played the Playstation.
My friends and I ordered a pizza. There were nine slices and four of us. I figured out how to pick who should get the extra slice. I made everyone close their eyes and guess a number. Then I ate it.
Anita was kicked out the house months ago. She had the perfect reason to return home, she just didn't know it. Anita came home and her mother let her in to be comfortable. Anita asked for Watermelon and received a whole Watermelon to eat. Anita's mother said only pregnant women eat Watermelon like that.
I needed to buy my brother a present. I decided to get him a telescope. I tried the telescope to make sure it worked. The night sky and stars looked beautiful through the telescope. I liked the telescope so much that I kept it for myself.
Tom had never seen a little person before. He ran into one at the mall. Tom couldn't contain his emotions. He laughed intensely. The midget was rightfully upset.
Boris needed money. He decided to hold up a bank. He used a fake gun. The police officer at the bank realized the gun was fake. The police officer shot Boris and arrested him.
Andrew knew he shouldn't enroll his Pit-bull in a dog show. His Pit-bull was always bigger and tougher than dogs in dog shows. But, he enrolled his Pit-bull regardless of his feelings. His Pit-bull didn't like the environment and threw a tantrum. The host threatened to throw Andrew out if he didn't control his dog.
Hank practiced his guitar to play in a jazz band. He got on stage with the group for his first performance. Hank was very nervous but thought he'd done well. He looked into the audience to see what they thought. They clapped in approval at what he'd played.
Edna was born the last of 14 kids. She grew up much younger than most of her siblings. When she became an adult, a few of her siblings has died. Edna lived to be 90 years old. When she died, she was the last of her siblings.
I was walking to a grocery store. And I heard a man yelling. He was running towards a bus that was leaving. And the doors began to close. Luckily, he was able to get on the bus at the last second.
Mick thought that there was an elf in his backyard. He swore he saw it moving around at night. One night he snuck outside. He was determined to catch it. But instead of an elf, he found a deer!
We were in vacation in Europe. We heard on the news that terrorists had attacked our home town. We flew back home as soon as we could. We saw many police and first response vehicles all around town. Thankfully, none of our friends or family had been harmed!
Debe was going to make baked macaroni and cheese. She went to the store to buy all the ingredients. When she arrived home she realized she forgot the milk. Debe went inside to put the groceries away. She then went back out to buy the milk from a convenience store.
Dolphins start watching up on the beach in San Diego. Some friends get together and spend the night pushing them back in. After that is over with the friends hang out on the beach. They start a fire when the sun goes down. They sing, play guitar and drink some beer.
Gwen's cousin Erica loved to get tattoos. For Christmas, Gwen decided one of her gifts would be a tattoo. She promised to pay for it, and started trying to make an appointment. But they had trouble finding a date that worked for them both. Then Erica found out she was pregnant, and the present had to wait.
Margaret was a new teacher this year. She was in charge of organizing the student parade. She was completely lost and had no idea where to start. Instead she decided to ask her co-worker for some advice. With her help, the parade was pulled off without a cinch.
Jim has always been a vegetarian. So when he and his family went a sushi restaurant, he was nervous. Jim saw everyone else eating raw fish. And he was reluctant to try it. Jim only had miso soup and vegetarian sushi.
Elle slept with a security blanket as a baby. Even as she grew older she still kept it near. It made her feel comforted and safe. She took it with her when she left for college. And when she married, she brought it to her husband's home!
My father called asking me to join him for breakfast. I agreed and he said he'd pick me up in a half an hour. An hour and a half later I was still waiting for him. Eventually I called and he said he was right around the corner. By the time he had gotten here I had already eaten.
Dan is at his favorite band's concert. The music is playing loud. All of the sudden Dan can't hear anything. Dan hears not a single sound. The music was so loud it caused Dan to lose his hearing.
Amy was going on a date. She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails. Her friend suggested they get pedicures. Amy met her friend at the salon where they got the pedicures. Afterwards Amy wished she had just done her nails and saved the money
Kayla went for a manicure. She chose a pretty pink nail polish. Her nails were perfectly filed. They were painted and dried. She left with a beautiful nails and complete satisfaction.
Amy was at lunch when her friend Erin came over. Amy didn't really want to talk to her. Erin and Sara had been talking about her behind her back. Erin threw Sara under the bus placing all the blame on her. Amy wasn't sure if she believed her but she intended to find out.
There was a big jar of jellybeans in the school office. Whatever student guessed closest to the amount would win it. Molly visited the office every morning to examine the jar. On the last day she put in her guess at 1,454. She was closest, off by only 68 jelly beans!
Becca woke up feeling nauseous. She ran to the bathroom. Becca threw up a lot. She took a pregnancy test. Becca beamed with joy seeing a yes on her pregnancy test.
Allison was going to prom in may and needed a dress. She wanted a specific kind of dress but it was hard to find. She kept checking so many different stores but none of them had it. She began searching on the internet and finally found it. Her dress arrived just in time for prom and she looked amazing.
Tom was trailing behind in one of his classes. He asked his teacher for some help. Tom's teacher agreed to give him an extra credit opportunity. Tom took great advantage of it. He finished the work and got a better overall grade.
Mavis had a dangerous cat named Muffles. Mavis' friend Trisha came over for tea. Muffles attacked Trisha from behind the sofa. Trisha was scarred on her face and ears. Trisha ran away, vowing never to set foot in Mavis' house again.
Tom's wife always took a long time to get ready. Especially when they were going somewhere fancy. Last night she spent over an hour trying to accessorize. Their dinner reservation was missed. Tom was upset about it.
Ed was decorating his home for the holidays. He had a string of lights he wanted to put up. He couldn't find anywhere that they would fit. Suddenly, he had the idea to wrap it around a banister. He did, and it looked great.
Jamie's school was a block away, so her Mom let her walk home. One day, someone told her Mom a flasher was targeting kids. He drove up in his car and flashed them. Jamie didn't know what a flasher was. All she knew was after that, she wasn't allowed to walk home alone.
Shay and his son were going fishing. They cast their lines and waited. Then they each got a bite. They reeled in their lines. They had caught two huge fish!
Drake was asleep in his room. Suddenly, he heard a noise at his window. He panicked and watched the window, expecting an intruder. Suddenly, something jumped into his room. He turned the light on and realized that it was just his cat.
My mom made me clean up my room yesterday. She said I couldn't go outside until I was finished. It took me all morning but I finally cleaned my room. She looked over my room and was happy with the work I did. I was finally able to go outside and play with my friends.
I was video calling my boyfriend since he is three hours away from me. He was in the middle of a sentence but then the video feed cut off. In a panic, I kept refreshing my computer, hoping to reconnect. He texted me that the rain shut off the electricity in his house. It took three hours for the call to reconnect, so I gave up and slept.
It was the NBA championships. The Chicago Bulls were down by 1 point in the 4th. Michael Jordan was determined to win for his team. He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock. He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point.
Sally really enjoyed to go shopping on her days off. She was not as wealthy as she wanted to be so she had to be frugal. One day she decided that she was going to have the dress she wanted. She folded the dress, put it in her purse and tried leaving the store. She was caught and taken to jail never to steal again.
My wife bought two pairs of shoes for our granddaughter. She is two years old. Today her mom showed her the shoes. She refused to wear either pair. Her mom said she is very fussy.
Donald has taken the train to work for three Year's. He decides that he wants to start biking to work instead. Donald buys a high quality but reasonably priced bike. From that day forward, he begins biking to work every day. Donald is happy that he doesn't take the train any longer.
Kim wanted a Barbie dollhouse for Christmas. She put it on her list to Santa and hoped she would get one. On Christmas morning there was a large box under the tree. She opened the box and discovered a Barbie dollhouse. Kim played with her dollhouse the whole day.
Harry made some food. He put it in the oven to cook. He went outside to work. He smelled some smoke. He ran inside to stop the fire.
I was recently at a club and saw this attractive guy. I thought, why not go up and talk to him? So, I proceeded to talk across the floor. When I approached him, I greeted him and asked if he was busy. We proceeded to talk all night.
Benny was riding his bike with Sal. Sal rode too fast and separating himself from Benny. He was already past the upcoming street. Benny decided to take a shortcut. He took a diagonal shortcut and ran through several bushes.
Gregory worked very hard in his garden. However, it seemed as though his vegetables were disappearing. One night, Gregory waited in the garden to see what was happening. A rabbit came into the garden and began eating a carrot. Gregory chased the rabbit out of the garden.
Tyler thought of a way to save money. He planted an apple tree to save money on apples. The tree took some time to grow. When the tree grew, Tyler picked some apples from it. He made apple pie to celebrate the accomplishment.
Chicken nuggets are likely on everyone's to-eat list. If you've eaten them you know they are rather tasty. They were the favorite food of my friend Mack. Mack shared them with me once. Now I can never forget the chicken delight that is nuggets.
The kids put on a play. A lot of parents were in the audience. They were taking pictures of the kids. This distracted the kids. The teacher asked the parents not to take pictures.
Tori was slowly typing up story entries for her favorite requester. A CAPTCHA blocked her progress. Tori kept trying to type the letters correctly but it was useless. She finally gave up in disgust and used the audio prompt. Tori was able to complete the CAPTCHA and return to work.
Tim forgot about his paper tomorrow. He asked his friend for help. His friend didn't listen. Tim tried to write it quick. He printed it just in time.
Frank walked through thick fog from his mailbox to his house. Since his driveway was long, Frank got lost. He found himself in a clearing in his neighbor's yard. Frank yelled for help to lead him out of the fog. He heard a cry but didn't know from where it came.
Charles was attending a movie with a date. He met his date at the movie theatre. His date wanted to see a romance movie. Charles bought the tickets. They saw the romance movie.
Maria is pregnant. She goes to the doctor for an ultrasound. Her husband is by her side. While the get a look at their baby for the first time. A surprise shows up there are two babies instead of one.
Juan worked out in the fields. One day he spotted a small rabbit. It was going toward the machinery. He ran after it to save it. He got there just it time and now has a new pet.
My niece wanted a cat so bad. She begged her parents to have one. They said they couldn't right now. She got so sad and started to cry. She said all she wanted was an Itchy.
Dan invited his friends to his house to play poker. They all agreed to play for pennies. The pot eventually got to five dollars. When Dan got his next hand he knew for sure he'd win the pot. On his next turn, he played a Royal Flush and collected the jackpot.
Matt's mom is a thief. She went to her son's room. She tried to steal his money. He caught her. He decided he needed to move.
I was trying to eat lunch at home yesterday when a fly flew in. It kept bugging me as I ate. It refused to go back out the window. I had to chase it around. Eventually I killed it with a newspaper.
I came into the operation room. The doctor showed me where to lay down. The sedation doctor asked me a few questions. Afterwards, he gave me some anesthesia to go to sleep. When I woke up, the procedure was over.
The couple worked out. The woman felt dizzy. The man sat down with her. The woman felt sick. The woman threw up on the man.
Mary loved gardening. She was proud of her beautiful flower garden. One day she went outside to work on the garden. She found out moles had destroyed her levanders. She got very angry.
Oscar had called in work sick. He said that he had a sore throat and a fever. Oscar's boss told him to relax and take it easy. However, the following week Oscar came back with a dark tan. Oscar was embarrassed after being called out.
I was very out of shape. I needed to start working out. My doctor told me to start slow. I began with doing jump ropes. After weeks of jumping rope, I began to feel excellent.
Amy and Beth were excited about going to the Sadie Hawkins dance. They went shopping together to buy matching outfits. They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates. They boys were upset when they saw the shirts. They didn't mind dressing like their dates, but not like each other.
Abby disliked exercising. Abby did not like the feeling of being sweaty all over. In addition, Abby really disliked doing jumping jacks. However, Abby knew that in order to be healthy, she had to exercise. Abby wished she did not have to do jumping jacks while exercising.
My mother was coming to babysit while I went to work extra early. The night before, my son dumped all of his toys onto the floor. I was exhausted and mortified that my mother would see the mess. My husband cleaned it up while I slept. My mother commented on how great the house looked.
Karl locked his car. He remembered that the keys were still in the car. He called his mom to bring some spare keys. His mom came and unlocked the car. Karl went to make another copy of the keys.
Leah loved her job. She loved her colleagues and even her boss. The only problem was her boss had really bad breathe. Leah had a really sensitive stomach and threw up easily. One day her boss had just eaten fish and she threw up at her desk.
Tom wanted to eat healthy. He had trouble find healthy food that was also delicious. Tom's friend suggested he try salmon. Tom purchased salmon and cooked it. Tom enjoyed the salmon and thanked his friend.
Jillian, our neighbor, came over for a couple drinks. Afterwards she walked around the corner to her home. After getting home, she decided to drive to the store. She was still drunk and ran her car off the road. A cop saw her and wrote her a DUI.
Three friends rode their jet skis down the coast of New Jersey. There was a big wave that they all managed to ride on together. One friend fell off and made a great splash. The other two circled back and rescued him. They were more cautious after that.
Selma dropped a piece of cheese on her way to the dining room. She put her plates down on the table. Selma went back to pick up the cheese. She shrieked in terror! A mouse had already beaten her to it.
My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!
Tom bought a new pair of glasses. He really liked the way he looked in them. Unfortunately they were really dark. He could only wear them in strong sunlight. Tom wore them other times anyway.
Tracy wanted to surprise her best friend with a cake. She found a recipe for chocolate cake on the internet. Tracy gathered her ingredients together and started baking. She followed the recipe exactly, but the cake fell flat. Tracy threw away the cake and started over again.
Candace wondered why everyone ignored her at work. She asked her one friend if she was doing something off putting. Her friend told her she came off as arrogant. Candace took the advice to heart and made changes to her personality. eventually people at work warmed up to Candace.
Carrie desperately wanted a pet dog. She began writing a long list of reasons why she should have a dog. When she had finished, Carrie brought the list to her parents. Her parents read the entire list, impressed. They agreed that a dog would be great for Carrie.
Kia was chosen to play a flute solo in her school concert. She was so nervous! But on opening night, her nerves disappeared. She played her lines just like a professional. She was so proud of herself!
Lindsay didn't like visiting family during the holidays. She thought it was too much drama to deal with. Lindsay decided to spend the holiday in Aruba. She let her family know her plans. Lindsay enjoyed a stress-free holiday in Paradise.
Jackson was with his friends at a restaurant. He noticed that you could get a free sundae on your birthday. It wasn't his birthday, but he decided to lie. He told the waitress and she believed him. Jackson got the free sundae and they even sang for him.
Kate and her friends wanted to see a show while in Vegas. Kate wanted to see the Blue Man group. But she was the only one. Her friends wanted something more risky. Her friends won.
Georgina knit a sweater for her grandson. He tried it on. The neck hole was too large. He said he actually liked it that way. She just laughed and said she would make it better.
Jackie's vacuum barely had any suction. Someone suggested taking it to a repair place. She was determined to fix it herself. Jackie carefully took the pieces apart. She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem.
Kate knew her baby was ready to be born any second. She felt her water break and told her husband, Angel. Angel rushed them to the nearest hospital. Kate went into labor for more than two hours. Eventually four hours later, their baby boy was born.
Lee recently just got a new job. Today is her first day. Lee is very nervous as she gets ready to go to work. Lee drives to work and listens to music to relax. Lee arrives at her new job and everyone is very welcoming.
Flonnie was a stubborn woman. As she aged, she lost her eyesight. Her family worried about her being blind and alone. Flonnie refused anyone's help and did everything for herself. Flonnie lived to be 96 years old and died alone.
Russ's birthday was coming up and Linda didn't know what to buy him. Linda asked Carolyn if she had any ideas. Carolyn said Russ loves to collect old clocks. Linda went to a flea market and found an antique clock. Russ was very touched by Linda's thoughtful gift.
Someone broke into Ken's car. His checkbook had been left in the car. Ken had to fill out a police report. He had to cancel out his checking account. Ken had to reopen a new checking account after the break in.
Tim woke up in the middle of the night to a loud crack. His window had been shattered. Someone threw a rock at it. Tim couldn't figure out why anybody would do that to him. He later found out it was kids pulling pranks.
Arnold was scared of squirrels. He never really liked their furry figure. He went on a date to the park one day. There was a squirrel running at them. Arnold screamed like a little girl.
Esma was in jail for ten Year's. Her release date finally arrived. Esma was released from jail and set free. She breathed in deeply and cried with joy. After ten Years, she was finally a free woman!
Eli was walking around on the farm. He was visiting his friend, Farmer John. He saw a beautiful peacock wander by. Farmer John told him it was one of his new farm animals. Eli complimented him on the beautiful bird.
I had a test to study for. But I thought it was more fun to watch Youtube videos. And studying got to stressful, I went back to watching videos. In the end, I didn't study as much as I needed to. And I felt much more stressed.
Sherry went out with her friends to a Mexican restaurant. She ended up having one too many margaritas. She never drank alcohol especially on a work night. She woke up two hours late for work with the worst hangover. The last thing she remembers is standing on a table and dancing.
Jeff was the boss at his company. He had hired several of his friends. One day his friend Tony was stealing supplies from the office. He is caught on the security camera. Jeff fires his friend it hurts their friendship.
Reyes loved his rose bush. His grandmother had planted it before she passed away. Suddenly, one day it began rotting. Reyes used all his money to save the rose bush. The rose bush was able to barely survive.
The two teenagers used a fake ID to buy a case of beer. They drove around all day drinking the beer. They sped around a bend and lost control. The car crashed head-on into a hillside. They were taken to a hospital and luckily survived.
Court is supposed to go to a party with some friends. Her daughter wakes up with a temp and a sore throat. Court takes her to the doctor. She has strep throat. Court will have to miss the party.
Gai went to the doctor. The doctor said Gai's blood pressure was too high. He said Gai must cut down on his salt intake. Gai decided to stop eating potato chips. Eventually, Gai's blood pressure returned to normal.
Anna was babysitting her young cousins. They were bored and wanted to play outside. So Anna gave them a box of chalk. They went outside to draw with it. Anna kept them amused all day!
I went to the hospital to run a few blood tests. The worker at the front desk called me into the office. After giving a blood sample, I walked into the waiting room. The doctor came in and talked about the results. I found out that my hemoglobin was low.
The pastor delivered his sermon at church today. Afterwards, a family approached him. He was talking to them. Eventually, he started to curse at them. They felt offended.
Katherine was born with the gift to gamble. She thought she was the best there was at gambling. She entered a local poker tournament. The tournament lasted twenty-four hours. In the end, Katherine won and took home the prize of five grand.
Brad's grandmother got a new television. She didn't know how to connect the television to her satellite. She called Brad to help her. Brad went over and read the instructions and handbook. Brad was able to connect his grandmother's television.
Jennifer was painting her toe nails. She spilled the polish all over her foot. It didn't wash out. The kids at school called her blue feet. She didn't mind the word and started a new fashion trend.
On an evening out with friends, I showed them my new sunglasses. My friend Brian tried them on, even though they belong to a girl. He said he like them and would not give them back to me. Twenty years later, he still has them. He wears them in the summer.
Isabel had come down with the flu. She was stuck in bed and felt crummy. That afternoon, she heard a knock on her door. Isabel's husband, Alan, had brought her chicken soup. He told her that he hopes she gets well soon.
Brandon's mother lost her job. She asked Brandon if there was any way he could help with bills. Brandon thought about taking overtime hours for more money. He asked his boss for more work hours. Brandon was able to pay the house payment.
The farmer woke up early everyday. He had a lot of tasks to do. He walked into the barn to pick the eggs. The next thing he did was milk the cows. The farmer took a break as the sun came up.
The child complained that his stomach was hurting. His eyes were red and he had a runny nose. His mother took his temperature and called the doctor. She made an appointment for later that afternoon. The little boy would feel better soon.
Jillian has cancer. Jillian went to the best doctors to help fight her cancer. The doctors told Jillian to have hope. After two years, Jillian is now cancer free. Jillian is thankful to the doctors for curing her cancer.
Samantha needed to buy a bike for college. She hated walking 20 minutes to get to her classes. She browsed the internet for garage sales. She found one that she liked and bought a used red bike. Samantha rode the bike the next day to her class.
Deb's fridge was disgusting. It was full of rotting food. Deb's husband told her she had to clean it out. Deb refused. Her husband stormed out and stayed at a hotel.
My family has a tradition where everyone helps make soup. Each family member gets to decide an ingredient to add. My ingredient was chilli powder. My brother doesn't like chilli powder. My plan to have more soup for myself was a success!
Ross loved hiking. One day he decided to try a difficult trail. On his way up he lost sight of the path. He used to sun to guide him to the direction he wanted. Soon enough he made it to the top of the mountain right by the trail.
Fred loved riding his bike around his neighborhood. It was silver and shiny. And it attracted attention from other kids. One day, Fred found his bike missing from his garage. Fred became overwhelmed with sadness.
Tom loved playing fighting games. He always made sure to make a finishing move. One day he was playing an angry friend. The friend didn't want Tom to gloat. He turned off the system before he could finish him.
I played a game of pictionary with a group of artists. They spent too much time drawing that I never had time to guess. On my turn they chose to critique my talents instead of guess. The game ended in a zero to zero tie. The artists all cheered for not losing.
Bob needed to confirm his u-haul reservation. He opened up the company's live chat interface. Bob grew increasingly frustrated with waiting. He began to second guess his decision to use them. Bob decided he'd give them a few more minutes to respond.
Kaine loves to be active. His favorite sports include baseball and basketball. After he finished school he became a coach. Kaine loved coaching. His first year as basketball coach the team won the championship.
Adam loved his wife's brownies very much. She usually made them when he had a bad day at work. Adam told his wife he had a bad day, even though it wasn't the truth. She went into the kitchen and made fresh baked brownies for him. She brought the plate of brownies to him and he smiled.
Carol wrote an essay about Amelia Earhart. She dressed as Amelia Earhart, and went to school. She read her presentation in front of the class. The students clapped as she finished her speech. Carol got an A, and put her essay on her refrigerator at home.
Katherine was hiking in the Grand Canyon at night. The full moon gave her just enough light to find her way. As she walked, she looked up, drinking in the beauty of the rocks. As she was not watching the trail, she tripped over a rock. Katherine fell flat on her face in the dirt.
Barb brought her lunch to work. She had been in a hurry putting her lunch together. When she went on lunch she opened her lunch bag. Her sandwich was only bread and mustard! Barb decided to run and grab a burger for lunch.
Krista had to finish her final paper by Wednesday afternoon. The problem was she also had dance practice that same day. She had to come up with some way to solve this dilemma. She brainstormed over many ways to handle it. Krista decided to finish the paper during dance practice break times.
Phil never liked cleaning the dishes after his wife cooked. However, he noticed that he wife was very unhappy while cleaning. One day he decided to help his wife by cleaning the dishes. He wife was so happy that she gave him a big kiss. Phil decided to always help clean dishes from that day forward.
Joe and Kim moved to Arizona from Utah. Utah's tap water was fine and they were able to drink it. They find that Arizona's water has a foul smell and tastes weird. Rather than getting sick, they decide to look for another option. They now purchase filtered water to drink to avoid any problems.
I bought a new video game system yesterday. It was really expensive. I could only afford a few games. I was so excited to play. It was worth the money.
Tom owned his own home. He was required to cut the lawn. He would be fined by the state if he did not cut his lawn. Tom hired high school kids to cut his grass. The kids did a great job and Tom never received a fine.
I learned to play chess when I was 10. My big sister got a plastic det and taught me. Neither one of us knew how to play. After a while, I knew all the moves. I went on to play in junior high school and high school on teams.
I wanted to buy some fruits for a salad. I decided to quickly run to the store to buy these fruits. Once there, I realized the fruits I needed were all in season! After purchasing them and returning home, I made the salad. The salad was cheap and delicious!
George was a very lonely man. He had no friends or any family. He decided to make an ad on craigslist. He asked for just a friend to hang out with. George met another guy Named Jason and the two became good friends.
Lindsey took her two kids to a local rodeo one evening. After the bucking bulls, the three of them began to walk away. Suddenly they heard a panicky voice telling everyone to get to safety! Lindsey turned her head and saw the bull had escaped the arena. Lindsey hid her kids behind a tractor and vowed to never come back.
Gina's friend Lisa offered to show her how to ride the bus. Gina's mom agreed, but told them not to go to the mall. They agreed not to go to the mall. However once on the bus they changed their mind. They walked around the mall for hours with no real money to spend.
Sammy had a birthday party on the weekend. He invited all of his friends and relatives. They sang the happy birthday song to him. Everyone also ate a piece of Sammy's birthday cake. Sammy was happy to be with his family and friends.
Lila was known very suspicious of her neighbors. She was always pretending to water her yard while spying. Every neighbor knew they were being watched by Lila. One day she noticed installation of fences around neighbors homes. She could no longer spy on her neighbors.
Lucy and her friend Gina were looking for something to do. It was a hot summer day and they wanted to play outside. Gina suggested they go to the pool. Lucy was sure her grandmother would say no. Gina convinced Lucy to lie and say they were going to the park.
Jim was in high-school wrestling. They had a big tournament coming up. Jim practiced several hours a day. He was pumped to have a good showing. Jim was able to get first place.
Erin was walking home from school one day. He found a little stray dog who looked hungry. Erin took the dog home and began to feed it and wash it. The dog was really happy and Erin decided to keep it. Erin now goes to the park on weekends with his dog.
Jessica was trying to pop popcorn. Her popcorn popper was broken. Jessica tried to make popcorn on the stove. She kept burning it on the stove. Jessica decided to buy a new popcorn popper.
Susie jumped into the pool. It was freezing. So she got out and tried to get Allie to join. Allie refused. So Susie went and pushed her in.
I woke up one night. I was having nightmares! I woke up my wife to tell her my nightmare. She shouted at me and told me to go to sleep. I realized my wife was a terrible woman.
One day Sally and her friends decided to play mini golf. Sally ended up scoring a hole in one! Her friends applauded her. She ended up scoring the most points. They had a lot of fun.
The student had a bright future ahead of him. He always maintained a rather high grade point average. During his senior year he met a girl and they fell in love. Shortly after, the student's grades began to drop and he felt awful. He ended up dumping the girl and got his grades back on track.
Laura went to visit her aunt April on the farm. Aunt April showed her around the cow pastures. She told Laura to offer her hand to one of the young cows. The cow started lightly smacking its lips on her hand. Aunt April told her this was how cows kissed people!
I played basketball very hard. I often fouled and ran into people. Because I was too aggressive, I got booted from the team. I scored for them a lot, so they missed me. I was invited back the next year.
I knew her name was Kristen. He said he was engaged to her when they were very young. I tried not to feel jealousy. I knew deep down he still loved her. I asked him to just let her go.
Larry worked as a security guard at a shopping mall. Everything was always so quiet and nothing ever happened. There was a rule where he couldn't fall asleep. It was so hard to not fall asleep in such a boring environment. Yet Larry did as he was supposed to and managed to stay awake.
Arnold had a small daughter and a tall son. He named them the same so he ended up calling them by their height. Tall would prepare the table and Small would wash the dishes. People never understood why he called them that way. But he told them that having the same name, it was the best way.
There was a boy who wanted to join the scouts. His parents were happy he wanted to. They didn't want him hanging out with the wrong kids. He joined the scouts and learned good morals. He grew up and got a great job.
She asked him for a divorce. At first he told her no. She told him she would have him arrested if he didn't leave. He told her she was exactly like his ex wife. She decided that was the final straw and kicked him out.
Johnny was playing tag with friends at school. He was one of the last players left. All of his friends were counting on him to win. He tricked the other player and faked him out, running around him. His sneaky move allowed him to tag the other guy, winning.
Alice suffered from anxiety. So she went to her behavioral health center. She just wanted to see a therapist. But she was convinced to see a psychiatrist for medication. Alice's anxiety became much worse however.
In Elementary school social websites were popping up. We were all too young to really go on any of them. One day our teacher talked to us about the websites. She said they were dangerous and we shouldn't be on them. After school that day most people in my class made accounts anyway!
Working on the project was very hard. She ran into a ton of road blocks along the way. She had to make numerous phone calls. It seemed like she would never complete it. She finally gave up and went home.
Moana normally had a flat stomach. But for the past few weeks she noticed that she was bloated. She knew something was wrong so she made a Doctors appointment. The Doctor suspected she was pregnant so he ordered an ultrasound. The ultrasound revealed that she was 4 months pregnant.
Lucy was in her grandpa's den. There was a bookshelf full of encyclopedias. She picked up the letter B book. Her and her grandma sat and flipped through the birds. When grandpa saw them he wasn't upset Lucy had been in his den.
It was the last quarter of the football game. The crowd was vying for a win for the home team. It was super close. With 5 seconds left in the game, the home team got the ball. They scored!
I have a map of the route I want to hike. I have been studying it so I won't get lost. Last week I tried to hike the trail on the map. I started to get lost after an hour of hiking. I pulled out the map and got back on course.
Ann had traffic court for a speeding ticket. But she forgot all about it! A threatening letter was sent to Ann's house. She sighed and wrote the check then and there. That way, Ann could not forget again and lose her license!
Rudy was worried about his elderly father, a man in his eighties. The proud but stubborn man was showing signs of dementia. After a bad fall, Rudy realized the man could no longer live alone. Despite his dad's objections, Rudy arranged for a nursing home. Rudy was relieved that his dad was now in a safer, more secure place.
James wanted to entered a soap box car derby but didn't have a car. Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best. On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else. The office chair didn't have brakes so he flew through the finish. James 3 miles before he could come to a stop.
Marge's back hurt. SHe needed a new office chair. She went to the office supply store to find one. They were all too rigid. Marge decided to keep looking.
I looked down today to see there was a hole in my sock. Quickly, I took the sock off my foot to fix it. I grabbed a needle and thread, and pinned the hole shut. Working carefully, I began to sew the hole. Finally, the hole in my sock was repaired!
A group of friends meet up at the beach. They lay out their blankets and umbrellas. After everyone puts on sunscreen, they make their way to the ocean. They spend hours splashing and playing. They ended their beach day with a bonfire.
Larry tried out for the baseball team. He was so happy when he made it! But his first practice, he swung too hard. His bat snapped in half. Larry's dad had to buy him a new one.
Marsha was upset about getting assigned the difficult project. All projects at the firm paid equal amounts. Marsha complained to her co-workers about her assignment. One of her co-workers reported Marsha to the supervisors. Marsha was assigned the project and not given a bonus that year.
Ant was drinking in the bar one night. His friends challenged him to a game of darts. Ant shrugged and accepted. To his friends' surprise, And threw well, even inebriated! Everyone was shocked when Ant won the game.
Lana wanted more freedom. She told her parents that she wanted to walk to school by herself. Her parents were scared something might happen. Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough. Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone.
Larry was up for a big promotion He had already spent the money on a new pool. When it came time for the promotion Larry didn't get it. He was devastated. He went into debt over the pool.
When I was a kid my mom used to pull tricks on me. She told me that the ice cream van only played music when it was empty. I eventually caught on to her tricks. Now I'm older and have played a few tricks of my own on her. To this day she still thinks I'm a professional golfer.
Ted went to school one day. It was the day to take school photos and he forgot. He went to the bathroom and he looked very bad. He decided to hide while people took their photos. When it was over, Ted went to class uncomfortably.
At the store, yesterday, I saw a little kid running around alone. I watched him for a minute and determined he was lost. At about the same time, he noticed he didn't know where his mom was. He started crying, and I went over. I took him to the service desk so they could page his mom.
My car ended up stalling on the freeway one day. I had it towed to a local auto shop for repairs. Unfortunately the engine misfired and needed to be repaired. The repairs cost me about $500. I am happy that my car is now fixed.
Sonia wanted to go snorkeling. She asked her friends if they wanted to join her. No one wanted to spend the day at the beach, so she went alone. She put on her equipment and went into the water. But five minutes later, a big storm started and she had to go home.
Tony was a great baker. He made a cheesecake that had chocolate drizzled on top. He cooled it in the fridge for a few hours. Then he cut it into slices. The cheesecake was going to taste so good!
Cindy's best friend just purchased a new house. Her friend, Carol, invited Cindy to a house warming party. Cindy spilled red wine by mistake. The red wine stained the white carpets. Cindy covered up the spill with a chair.
Mary needed an emergency dentist. Her dentist recommended one for her. It was no where near her home. Mary drove the 30 minutes there in pain the whole time. She arrived to find the door locked.
Peter saw a dog walking around outside. He went to see if it was a stray. But the dog approached him eagerly, and Tim saw something. It had a collar with its owner's name and address on it! Tim returned the dog to its frantic, grateful owner.
The school had a pep rally before the game. The cheerleaders performed. The band played. The dancers danced. Everyone showed their school spirit.
Ben had horrible vivid nightmares. His doctor called them night terrors. She put Ben on medication to try to help him. Slowly it began working. Soon, Ben's night terrors were all but gone.
Tom loved a show series he was watching. He was hooked up until the end. The final few episodes were horrible. They ruined the entire show for him. Tom pretended that season didn't exist.
Holly was laid off of her job of twenty years. She was anxious about finding a new job. She was able to line up an interview within a week. They loved her! She had a new job with more money two weeks later.
Daniel's car breaks down on the highway. He calls his insurance company. The insurance company sends out a tow truck to pick up his car. Daniel's car is taken to a repair shop. Daniel pays a lot of money to have his car fixed.
On my 16th birthday I was getting a surprise from my parents. We were not rich so I didn't expect much. Then out of nowhere my parents came out with a big grin. They open the door and showed me a new car. My parents yelled happy birthday.
John thought he was the best video game player ever. John went to a party with his friends. John drank a lot of liquor at the party and boasted about his skills. John was challenged by a friend of his and lost horribly. John learned he wasn't as good as he thought he was.
Bob was allergic to peanuts. Sean hated Bob so Sean hid some peanuts in Bob's brownies. Unfortunately, Bob ate the brownies! Bob began to asphyxiate. Bob died a terrible death.
Daniel is a nationally ranked tennis player. Daniel entered in a tournament. Daniel was the top-seeded player. Daniel won all his matches. Daniel won the championship.
Sitting in the middle seat of the airplane was difficult for Ted. Ted was quite tall and bumped his knees repeatedly. The mother with her baby in the seat behind Ted started to cry loudly. Fortunately, Ted had earplugs in his pockets. Ted plugged his ears and went on to endure the rest of his plane ride.
A policeman was driving down the road. Suddenly, a woman waved to him. She was screaming for help. A robber had entered her house. The policeman arrested the robber!
Tucker is in love. Tucker purposes to his girlfriend. The girlfriend says yes. Tucker sets a wedding date. Tucker gets married.
Tom was an avid hunter. One day Tom was setting up a deer stand. While busy doing that, Tom didn't notice a bear approaching. Tom looked up to find a big black bear only a few yards away! The bear ran off when Tom fired his gun into the air.
Otto's mom decided to give him a treat. Since it was cold outside she made him hot chocolate. He loved it. He added lot of marshmallows. He asked if they could make more later.
The coach decided to assign team workouts. Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am. When a team member was late, everyone had to run extra. The coach believed this taught responsibility. It only made the team mad.
My ninety eight year old friend Tim was having trouble sleeping. The doctor recommended a sleep study. They hooked Tim up and tried to observe him sleeping. He was unable to fall asleep easily. The test had no conclusive results.
Bob was at a music concert. He bought a poster for his favorite band. At the end of the show, he saw the lead guitarist. Bob asked for an autograph. The lead guitarist sighed his poster and gave him his guitar.
Nell was new in school and wanted to make friends. Nell told the class that her parents ran a candy store. On the playground, kids flocked around Nell. They asked Nell to bring them some candy. Nell snuck into the store and grabbed candy for her friends.
Jim was so excited about his new phone. He had ordered it the night it was released. It was to be delivered the next day. When he got home, he opened the box. His phone was shattered and Jim was disappointed.
Arthur liked Elisa very much but never talked to her. He was so shy, he hid behind the tree every time she went by. She was very curious and one day stopped to talked to him. Arthur blushed so much, he run back to his house. Now, he watches Elisa from the window in his living room.
Adam's dog was sick. He took him to the vet. The vet checked him out thoroughly. He couldn't find the problem. Adam took the dog home and watched him carefully.
Rae went to the flea market with only 20 dollars in her pocket. She found an old end table that she really liked. The price tag said 50 dollars on it. Rae haggled with the owner over the price. They finally settled on a new price of 15 dollars.
Seth wanted to win the paper airplane flying contest. He built a tiny motor with a propellor made out of paper. He used tiny batteries and attached it to his airplane. At the contest, his airplane went the fastest and very far. Seth won the contest and the $25 prize.
Lisa and her friends went on a girls trip to Miami. When they got there they stated in a massive house. The girls had fun. Unfortunately Tina had an accident and fell. Therefore the girls spent a lot of time at the hospital.
Anna was bitten by a fly or mosquito on a hiking trip. She developed a rash and a fever, so her mom grew concerned. She took Anna to the doctor, where they ran some tests on her. Thankfully, all the tests came back negative. Anna was glad she hadn't caught some awful disease!
Ken was happy to divorce his wife. He thought things would be better some place else. He was wrong. Life got much harder. He really regretted leaving his family.
Cameron and his band were invited to play at a party. The were really excited for the opportunity. They began playing and at first it went well. Suddenly, their sound cut out and things came to a halt. They couldn't fix it so they couldn't play that night.
Heather hated lugging the suitcases out of storage for each trip. She had a luggage room built in her new house. She loved having a designated spot for the luggage. When she was ready to pack, she would just retrieve her bags. The new room made her much more organized.
My family went out to dinner for my sister's birthday. After we ate, several of the waiters surrounded us. They took out a huge cake and placed it on the table. In addition, they sang Happy Birthday to my sister. She was extremely delighted.
Jena was lactose intolerant. One day she ate a serving of dessert. The dessert had dairy in it. Jena began to have stomach pains. She was sick for the rest of the day.
The politician was campaigning around the clock. He was at many events in the city. He held press conferences and gave interviews. Everyone in town knew about his campaign. In November, he won by a landslide.
Kelly and her friends went to see a speaker in the auditorium. The girls were bored out of their minds. They had no idea what to do. Kelly ended up falling asleep. Her friends had to wake her up.
Every time I try to make things better, they get worse. Today I dropped the ice everywhere. I was going to get a drink of water. It should have been a simple task. I had to clean it all up so I could get back to work.
Mark was the bravest kid in his neighborhood. So his friends asked him to retrieve a ball. This ball had gone into the grouchy old neighbor's front yard. Mark was scared, but he agreed to do it. Unfortunately, the old man came out and punched Mark in the face.
Bob had a midlife crisis. He decided to climb Mount Everest. He conditioned and trained for the climb for three months. He reached the top of the mountain! On the way down, he slipped and died.
It was Sam's first day at college. He messed up his alarm and woke up late. He tried to get to class as fast as possible. Once there he didn't understand anything being said. It turned out he went to the wrong class.
I had an important interview the other day. I think I did really well. I have been waiting for a call back all week. The wait has made me so anxious. I finally got the call with an offer.
When she was 26, Renee met the man of her dreams. They dated for a few years. Renee knew she wanted to marry him but he hadn't asked yet. Not one for outdated traditions, she decided to ask him. One night, she took him to dinner and she proposed and he accepted.
Warren was in jail for theft. He ate his meals and kept to himself. One day while outside someone started a fight with him. Warren withdrew a sharpened spoon he made. The man backed away and left him alone.
Marcus decided he wanted to get a pet. He had always liked kittens but never had one of his own. One day he decided to adopt a kitten. He took the kitten home and poured it a bowl of milk. Marcus was very happy to have adopted a kitten.
Baby Eddie didn't want to sleep. He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played. Constantly he would catch himself nodding off. He yelled many times to keep himself from drifting off. Eddie succumbed to his heavy eyelids and slept all night.
Kate knew she needed to drop some weight. But her willpower was weaker than her appetite. She decided to join a support group for help. The group gave her tips, tricks and advice. With their help, Kate could finally get slim!
Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work. He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him. He tried to wait until the rain stopped or slowed down. The more he waited the stronger the storm got. Jim gave up and ran from the car to the building.
Rosie is at the pet store buying food for her cat. She sees the shelf of treats and wants some for her cat. She decides on a new brand to purchase. Her cat didn't like the treats at all. Rosie realizes that her cat is picky about her food.
Jim needed to wash his clothes but he didn't have any soap. He thought to buy some but realized he was broke. Jim went on the street to beg for money. No one gave him any money for soap. It began to rainy and the water cleaned Jim's clothes.
My sister in law's husband bought wallpaper for his daughter. Ten years later, he started hanging it. He was short by four rolls, and the design was discontinued. His daughter found some stock on eBay. He was very relieved.
My dad loves cats. He found a stray cat in the neighborhood. My dad felt very bad for the stray cat. He began feeding it every day. He decided to adopt the cat.
Willie was at a friend's birthday party at an arcade. He wanted to impress his girlfriend by winning her a prize. He put a dollar in the crane game. He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear. His girlfriend loved it!
Sarah has a bad habit. All Sarah eats is candy and sweets. She starts to notice a sharp pain in her teeth. The dentist tells her she has 6 cavities! Sarah decides she needs to start eating healthier.
Sam went on a field trip with his school. The school decided to take the students to a dormant volcano site. Each student had to pick a volcano rock to write an essay about. Sam picked up a piece of Basalt he found interesting. Sam wrote a good essay about his rock when he went home that day.
Tim was at the park. He was playing with friends. Back home he realized he was missing his wallet. Tim went back to the park to look. Eventually he found it.
A minivan parked in the middle of the driveway in our building. The driver loaded some luggage. He kept the minivan in the driveway. Another car came behind the minivan and waited. After the driver beeped, the minivan drove off.
Tom bought a new sports car. He was at a light on the way home. Another car revved its engine at him to race. Tom revved his engine back. A cop then pulled up and gave him a ticket.
In 2012 I went with my daughter to the MFA. I had a stroke in 2011 and could not walk well. The MFA had recently opened a new branch. It us two hours to walk what a normal person did in 1/2 an hour. I was nevertheless pleased I went.
Ken had just broken up with his girlfriend. His friends took him to the bar to unwind. Ken was upset and drank too much. He picked a fight with a random stranger. Ken was kicked out of the bar.
Timmy was scared of going to school today. He had forgotten to do his science project. He faked being sick so he could stay home. His mother called him out of school in order to rest up. Timmy didn't feel bad for faking his illness that day.
I was tasked with writing the school newspaper one week. I asked friends for help since I had no idea what to do. They told me to just try my best since they didn't know either. I sat down on the last night possible and wrote as much as I could. The newspaper turned out pretty good but I was still very nervous.
Kelly was missing her daughter. She organized a search party. They all branched out and looked for her. They discovered some clues in the woods. They called the police right away.
Ann was driving down a dark road. She hit something large. When she stopped her car she saw a person. The person was walking into the woods. Ann followed her and got lost.
Ted is on vacation in mexico. He has booked a week long stay at a 4 star Hotel. He has a great day at the beach and returns to his room. He goes to sleep and is awoken by what seems to be a ghost! Ted runs out of the motel and checks out as fast as he can.
Jane was typing up a report before her class starts in an hour. As soon as she finished, the computer turned off. She tried to retrieve the file. However, she couldn't find it. The professor allowed her to turn it in tomorrow for a lower grade.
Lane played the drums and wanted to be in a band. Lane put an add in the paper advertising her skills. Lane waited for days and talked to a lot of different bands. Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit. Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it.
Fred agreed to that his little sister out to the mall on Saturday. She had looked forward to this all week long. They walked for fifteen minutes to the nearby mall. They had a great time just hanging out and window shopping. They had a quick lunch and returned home hours later.
Tom was trying to make hamburgers. He found some old meat in the freezer. He wasn't sure if it was still good. Tom noticed a bad smell when he started cooking it. He decided not to risk it.
Melanie was absolutely fascinated by medieval architecture. She was ecstatic when her boyfriend got them a castle tour. She was so excited she almost ran to the starting point. Unfortunately, she slipped on the muddy ground and sprained her ankle. But she was undeterred - she would crawl if she had to!
I wanted a steady job with benefits. I signed up to Postal Worker exam. I recieved a study packet ironically in the mail. I studied long and hard to pass that hard test. Congratulate me, I passed the Mail Carrier test with flying colors.
Jamey wanted to take Valerie to the prom. He was so nervous to ask her. He felt sure she'd say no. But he summoned his courage and popped the question. Valerie eagerly agreed to be his prom date!
Tim worked at his company for ten years. He had never missed a day or been late. To commemorate him the company bought him a plaque. Tim asked for a raise as well. He was only given the plaque.
Tim was playing football. All of a sudden he was tackled. While on the ground he heard a snap. He couldn't move and was in pain. Tim had broken his arm.
Greg was learning about China. He had to type up a report about it. He learned about their language and food. He printed the report and turned it in. His teacher gave it an A.
Kim threw a party one Saturday night. She invited a boy she thought was cute. She dressed to impress and did her hair. At 7 PM, everyone started arriving. The boy arrived with his girlfriend!
Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail. She talks down to the mailbox to check. In the mailbox there is mostly junk mail. She decides to throw it all away. Lucretia is happy that she checked the mail today.
Samantha and Dave live in house by some woods. In mid December, they went into woods to look for a Christmas tree. After looking for a while, they found a pine tree just the right size. Dave sawed the tree down. They dragged it back to the house and decorated it for Christmas.
I always wanted to adopt a pet. I went to the animal shelter yesterday to see what was available. I was told that i could have a kitten today. I had to wait a week if i wanted a dog. I decided to get the kitten instead.
I tried this new recipe for dinner last night. I always get nervous trying something new. My family is very picky. I usually stick to what they like. I was surprised when they all liked it.
According to his mum, lewis spent too much time looking in the mirror. He was very aware of his body image. She put this down to social media and men's magazines. When she was young, men were less careful with their look. Although it seemed progressive, she preferred men to just be manly.
Courtney woke up with an upset stomach. Medicine did not help. She felt miserable all day. She finally forced herself to eat Chicken Noodle Soup. Afterwards, her stomach felt better.
Tina moved into the new apartment complex. She had just finished unpacking when she heard some noise. She then saw a mouse scurrying to hide in the bathroom. Tina promptly called the landlord. The landlord called the exterminators to fumigate the unit.
Mina was going through the attic and organizing things. She stumbled across a box that was full of old books. She went through the box and found a cookbook. Mina decided to try a few recipes from the cookbook. She was impressed with the results of the meals she made.
Karla wanted to go out with her friends for dinner. She still had to feed her own kids and do some cleaning. She put a roast and vegetables in the oven and began to clean. She started room by room to clean and within an hour she was done. She took the food out of the oven and fed her family and left.
Yesterday Kelly took some selfies. She wanted to find the right ones to post. Finally she saw one she liked. But then she saw it actually had a flaw. Kelly has no good ones to post.
Libby feels really bad about something she did. She felt so guilty about it that she was afraid to tell her mom. Since her mother always makes her feel better, she decided to tell. When she finally got it off her chest her mother gave her a hug. It always makes it better to tell our mothers.
Lamay was a basketball legend, one that would surely be remembered. One year, in his 30s, he decided it was time to call it quits. On his farewell tour, he breaks his knee in a game. The injury caused permanent ligamental damage to Lamay. Lamay laments his luck but remains hopeful.
Tom had a police scanner app on his phone. He would randomly listen in for fun. One time he noticed a suspect they were talking about. He called the tip line to let the police know. They were able to apprehend him because of Tom's help.
I just want today to be a restful day. I go visit my friend at her house. We go for a walk. We talk about life. It has been a while since we've done this.
Rayana started dating Jake when she 17. They were so in love and married when she turned 18. Shortly after they were married, they discovered Jake had a newborn. Jake's ex-girlfriend kept her pregnancy a secret the whole time. Now Rayana is a step mom at just 18 years old.
Lindsay was good at running. She challenged Patrick to a quarter mile dash. He agreed. Patrick practiced really hard. Lindsay still won the race.
Jeremiah had no sense of direction. So when he went to the  Joshua National Park he got lost. He meandered all night among the yuccas. And was thirsty the next day when the sun came up. He got rescued by a group of tourists and was two miles off track.
I had a clothesline strung between the trees in the yard. It was a very heavy wire coated with plastic. A deer had gotten caught in it and strangled by it. I had to cut through my precious clothesline to rid myself of it. I drug the carcass to a cliff and threw it off.
Dori invited her friend Hannah to her dance recital. Hannah said she didn't want to go out of pure laziness. Dori was incredibly hurt by Hannah's refusal to attend. Hannah realized the error of her ways and apologized to Dori. Hannah attended the dance recital and enjoyed watching her friend.
I took the kids to see The Good Dinosaur yesterday. We shared an unlimited large popcorn during the movie. The kids sat still and watched the movie for the most part. When the movie was over, we had a huge popcorn mess. Thankfully the workers were ready with a broom as we were leaving.
The other day I went to buy a new cellphone. At the cellphone store there were several different types. I couldn't figure out which type to chose. So I decided to go home and think about it. Tomorrow I'll go back to decide which phone to buy.
I found a penny on the ground. I put it in my wallet. Ever since I had the penny in my wallet I had really good luck. I accidentally spent the penny at the store. My luck had been bad ever since.
Adam's teacher told the class there would be an exam the next day. Adam was worried because he wasn't sure he knew the material well. He went home and studied as hard as he could. He went to school the next day confident he would pass. He passed the exam and was very happy.
Birds were eating all of the vegetables from Lydia's garden. She made a scarecrow out of old clothes and junk from her garage. The scarecrow worked so well that it even kept the deer away. Lydia had a great harvest that year. Now she has a successful business selling scarecrows.
Gina's wanted a unicorn folder like her friend Tami. She had never seen anything like it. She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was. So she decided to wait till the teacher was done teaching. Once the teacher finished she asked Tami about the folder.
In the morning I was extremely tired. I wasn't sure if I should get coffee or and energy drink. I thought about it while getting ready to leave. I ended up decided on an energy drink when I left. I went to the gas station and got my energy drink a few minutes later.
Hannah applied for admissions into school. She was wait listed since the school was no longer taking applications. For the rest of the month, she tried to be patient. The school sent her a message during the next month. Hannah found out that she couldn't register for school.
John was at the lake with his family. Suddenly a storm came rolling in. The family boat began drifting from the beach. John and his brothers ran out and reinforced the anchors. They managed to keep the boat safe through the storm.
Ian was very conceited. Ian believed he was superior to everyone that he met. Ian wanted to show off to the world how great he was. Ian decided to enter a reality show competition to show off. Ian finished in last place and was extremely embarrassed.
My move across the country was filled with obstacles. First, I missed my flight by only 3 minutes. Then, when I arrived in the new state, my luggage was missing. To make matters worse, the apartment wasn't ready for me. My situation got better, but I learned to be prepared for anything.
Hannah lived in a poor section of town. Her dog got out one morning. She went out on the porch and yelled for Snickers. The neighbor heard her and got angry. She accused her of giving her dog a racist name.
Joe wanted a new bike. He knew his parents were not going to buy him one. He decided to start saving up on his own. He worked around his neighborhood for extra money. Joe was able to finally buy the bike he wanted.
Sam went to culinary school and learned about exotic flavors. Back home, she made chicken soup for her family. She played with all kinds of seasonings and spices. But the soup just didn't taste right. Then her mom added some salt - and the soup became perfect!
Michael received an invitation to a free dinner and lecture. He said  he had a disease called neuropathy so he'd qualify. At the restaurant Michael and his guest listened to the lecture. Next, they ordered and ate their gourmet meal. The doctor sat to help Michael but he said, my symptoms aren't bad.
Grandma baked some cookies for her grand kids. She told the kids not to touch them because they were hot. She went into her bedroom to change clothes. The kids went into the kitchen and ate the cookies. Grandma caught them and laughed.
My father took me to a local aquarium. The tour guide showed us around the entire building. We came across this huge tank with several different fish. I was able to place food in the water. The fish went on top of the tank to eat the food.
Stacy had always hated winter and cold temperatures. However, since she had married Ron, she would be staying in Minnesota. Ron surprised Stacy with a new floor heating system. It runs with a boiler and keeps the floors toasty warm. Stacy is truly impressed with this wonderful home improvement.
The man grabbed the woman. The woman responded favorably. The man leaned in for a kiss. The woman leaned back. The man let go of the woman.
Paul loved to drink coffee. In fact, he drank coffee almost every day. One day he had no coffee left in his house. This was very bad for Paul in fact. After much thought, Paul rushed to the store and bought some coffee.
Pam's kids were in school. She had gone shopping. Pam was still in town when the kids got off of school. Pam asked her sister to pick the kids up. Pam's sister watched the kids until she got home.
My wife loves turtles. One day my son went to Walden Pond. He spent the day swimming there. He sent us a photo of a turtle waiting for her eggs to hatch. My wife was very pleased to see these photos.
Jen bought a calendar for the new year. She flipped through the days and wrote messages to herself for later. When those days came she was very excited to read her old messages. Jen laughed at the silly things that she had wrote. She saved all those calendar pages to show her friends.
Tim was working on his car. He was drinking a soda. He had also used a can to catch some oil. Tim mistook the top cans. He spat out a lot of oil.
Ed wanted to read a long novel. He was a little intimidated by it. He marked off sections in the book. Then he read a few chapters at a time. Soon he had finished the whole novel!
Courtney wanted to buy a new car. She researched different makes and models on the internet. Courtney finally decided on a Chevrolet Equinox. She picked out the equipment and looked up the prices. Courtney was confident of her choice before going to the dealership.
Hannah told a lot of lies. Her friends did too. It got them in a lot of trouble. They learned to be honest. It made their lives easier.
Almost every day, Terry would find money lying on the ground. He always picked it up and saved it. He finally decided to cash it in and spend it. He counted a total of $48. Terry decided that finding money really did pay off.
My dad finished cooking out hamburgers. I was excited to begin eating it. Then, I looked at the wrapper. I told him the hamburgers were old. We went out to Mcdonald's instead.
Gary is very tired. He puts clean sheets on his bed. He fluffs up his pillows. Gary finds his most cozy pajamas. He enjoys a long nap.
Tim thought he was tough. He went to the trip on a field trip. His friends played a prank on him. They pretended to put him in the lion's cage. Tim realized how not tough he was.
Todd worked hard all summer to buy a new car. He mowed lawns and cleaned yards for the cash to buy the car. He eventually made enough for a used car from a friend. The car ran great and Todd was very happy. Todd decided to mow more lawns to save up for the gas he now needed.
Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis. His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey. The two boys decided to help each other out. They got together and traded sports techniques. Now each boy is twice as athletic!
When my sister was a kid she had a teddy bear that she loved. She would sing to it and rock it. One day the Salvation Army came by looking for donations. My mom said we don't have anything but you can have this bear. My mom did mean things like that just to hurt us.
I wanted to try a new hair color. So I bought a dark brown color today. I put it on my head out of curiosity. When I bought the dye and put it on I was shocked. The dye was far too dark and I did not like it.
Madison's class earned the reward of crazy hair day at school. She told her mom how she wanted her hair the night before. Her mom woke her up very early so they could achieve the hair-do. After an hour, Madi and her very crazy hair were ready for school. When Madi arrived she realized crazy hair day wasn't until next week.
Tom was bored up late. He noticed a friend online. Tom decided to message her. She was lonely too. They decided to hang out.
Marty sat down at his desk. He had a huge pile of paperwork to take care of. He sorted through the papers and put them in a few different stacks. He grabbed his coat and went home. The paperwork was all too overwhelming!
I was 20 minutes late for work. I called a taxi because my car would not start. When I got into the taxi, I told him to drive fast. The driver drove so fast that we got pulled over by a cop. The cop and I ended up laughing over my bad day.
Harold had a new pet. It was a cute white duck. He built a pond for it in his backyard. The duck loved to swim around in it. Harold had a great time watching his new animal.
Tim needed to repaint a wall on his house. He walked outside with his supplies and began working. He applied paint to the wall for a long time and barely made a dent. Right as he made progress, it began to rain hard on Tim. He ran back inside, but his painting effort had been ruined.
Both of Joe's parents were doctors and wanted him to be too. He wasn't interested but told them we would be one. He studied french and eventually got his doctorate. He nervously confronted his parents and told them the truth. They said they didn't care and loved him anyway.
Joe's grandma loved to cook. She spent a lot of time in her kitchen. His grandma's house was old and the kitchen was falling apart. Joe wanted to make his grandma very happy. He surprised her and remodeled her entire kitchen.
Tom's apartment got a rat problem. There were several of them everywhere. Tom tried different methods to get rid of them. None of them worked. Eventually he had to call an exterminator.
Ava was broke. She found one dollar bill in her pocket. She decided to use it to buy a loaf of bread. She walked to the store and handed it over. She hoped the bread would last her for a while.
Chloe wanted a sandwich. She got the bread out. She put mayo on the bread. She put on the other things. She ate the sandwich.
On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee. I went through the drive through and placed my order. I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink. When she handed me the drink, the lid came off and spilled on me. The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes.
Maria's favorite animal was the monkey. She and her friends decided to visit the zoo. They started with the elephants. Maria was more excited as she came closer to the monkey enclosure. When she saw the monkeys she was so excited she cried out, Hooray!"
She sat by his bed, as she did every day. She spent a couple hours there each day. Someday soon he will wake up, she thought to herself. She put her hand in his and squeezed it. Hopeful, she stood up, left and walked out of the room.
I made myself a tuna sandwich for lunch. As I was sitting down to eat, the phone rang. I got up to answer the phone and had a short conversation. When I returned, my sandwich was gone and my dog was looking happy. I will never trust a sandwich alone in my house again.
Kate bought a new bird bath. Unfortunately it didn't attract any birds. It only attracted raccoon. Kate gave it a chance for a while but nothing changed. She got rid of it eventually.
Janice decides she needs to get out of the house. She has heard of a craft festival on the other side of town. Janice takes her bike on the long ride to the craft festival. It feels good to be outside on her bike. When she arrives at the craft festival, Janice feels happy.
Thomas loved to pet his neighbor's dog everyday before school. His mother would scold him telling him it was a bad idea. He ignored his mother's warnings and continued to pet the dog. One day, Thomas reached through the fence and the dog bit him. Thomas's scar reminds him of the dangers of petting strange dogs.
When we were camping we saw a bear. He was climbing an apple tree. My husband decided to walk toward the bear to get a picture. I thought he was crazy. I turned around and walked away and my husband followed.
Amy loved summer but hated summer events. A friend at work invited her to a party in the park. She agreed to go but really wasn't looking forward to it. They day of the party she dressed and went to the park. Amy stayed just long enough to make an appearance and hurried home.
Sam got a white bunny for Easter. He took good care of it. About two weeks after he got her he got a surprise. There were six baby bunnies in the hutch. His parents were able to find homes for all of them.
Doris was running late for school. She popped some pop tarts in the toaster. She noticed something wasn't quite right. The toaster wouldn't turn on and toast her tarts. Doris ended up having a quick bowl of cereal instead.
Cathy's television recently stopped working. Cathy decided to look for a new television at Target. After looking at the selection, Cathy choose a 24 inch TV. Once home, Cathy decided to put the television above the fireplace. Cathy was glad with her choice of television for her home.
Kelly was late to school too many times. As a result her teacher gave her detention. Kelly was nervous about that. She walked into the classroom. She was forced to be quiet for an hour.
Joe enjoyed gossiping about people. He stirred up trouble with all of his friends. Joe was surprised when they all confronted him. They told him they knew what he was up to. Now Joe doesn't have any friends to gossip about.
The bandmates were in the van for a tour They started getting cranky. They started yelling and arguing. The band manager was there and settled it down. Everyone was fine after
Molly and Jeff were going to get married. Molly saw Jeff kissing another woman. Molly screamed and cursed at Jeff. Jeff tried to apologize, but Molly was furious. Molly called off the wedding.
A few years ago, I was a counselor at a summer camp. Every week we would have a field trip. One week, we went bowling at a nearby bowling alley. The campers beat me so bad I was embarrassed to show up the next day. I haven't been bowling since that day.
I got a lot of my friends together. We decided to have a pizza party. We laid out all the ingredients and got to work. All of the sudden we remembered something. We burnt the pizzas.
Molly saw a horse at a farm. She told her parents that she wanted a horse. Molly's parents told her that she should ask for one for Christmas. Molly wrote a letter to Santa asking for a horse. On Christmas morning, her parents had surprised her with a horse.
Aaron wanted to explore his surroundings. He went driving close to the river. He got mud on the side of the car. His wife asked where he had been. He told her he wanted to find a good fishing spot.
Emily knew she was taking a chance wearing her new dress to school. The rule was fingertip length. The dress was about half an inch too short, but it was so cute! In first period her math teacher made her stand to check it. Emily was embarrassed when she had to go home to change.
Thanksgiving is usually ok. However, this was a different thanksgiving. All my extended family came to visit. This seemed good at first, but it was a mistake. All they did was argued.
There was once a poor magician who loved to perform shows. He practiced his talent and it grew greatly year by year. He started to perform shows and sell out every single one. His latest trick was to make an audience member disappear. Unfortunately it worked too well for they never found the volunteer!
Kate and her sister watched a scary movie. And were both creeped out. Then it was time to go to sleep. They lay in their eye wide open. They were both too terrified to go to sleep.
John felt unhappy in his life. John realized he was not being very social. He decided to be more friendly and outgoing. John contacted some good people he knew. They had great times together and John became happier overall.
Bertie worked at a local gas station. He decided he didn't want to go to work anymore. He called his boss and told him he wanted to quit. His boss offered Bertie a raise if he would stay. Bertie decided he wasn't ready to quit and went to work.
The man stood in the hall. He yelled for order. The students calmed down. He told the students to exit calmly. A crisis was averted.
Joe would listen to rap a lot when he was little. So Joe grew up wanting to be a rapper. Joe started rapping and became good at it. Joe started a career as a rapper. Joe became the rapper ever.
Emma had to go away for a few months. Before she left, her boyfriend gave her a nice notebook. She read it all within her first week gone. Then, she started adding to the journal. When she got home, she gave him the journal to read.
Phil was given his own show. It was going to be a talk show. He researched his topics thoroughly. When it was time to film, he was confident. He knew he'd done a great job preparing.
I wasn't sure what to get for lunch but was very hungry. I finally decided on asking some friends what they'd suggest. They all gave me their suggestions and I ended up figuring it out. There was a decently long line in the restaurant so I was worried. When I finally ordered my food it was very fast and enjoyable.
Steve had a speech impediment. He won an award at school and was asked to give a speech. He was nervous because of his speech problem. He had a friend record his speech for him. He played the recording and lip synced the words.
The woman was learning a new sport. She was supposed to stand on her paddleboard and paddle along. She fell off every time she attempted it. She was determined to improve. She was getting better and better.
Beth had curly hair. She did not like her natural hair style. She visited a stylist to change it. The stylist gave her straight hair. Beth was very happy with her new appearance.
Recently, Kid Cudi insulted Kanye in a rap song. Kanye made a public announcement that he would fight Kid Cudi. Everyone thinks that Kanye will not do it. This has led to Kanye to sponsor a fighting event between the two. I hope that they can figure out their differences before this happens.
Greg was renowned for his laziness. Once, he didn't change clothes for a week. He said it was because he couldn't be bothered. In reality, Greg didn't know how to work the washing machine. In the end, he resorted to just buying new clothes for the week.
Yesterday I went to the beach. I laid outside all day long. Unfortunately I never put on any sunscreen. As a result I got a terrible burn. When I got home i could not move.
James just turned sixteen years old. His dad told him that he needs to get a job. James decides to go to Walmart to fill out an application. He fills out the application and gets the job. James now has a job.
Jamie loved working with children. A friend recommended she become a teacher. She studied very hard at school. Finally she graduated. Now Jamie teaches children every day.
Having just been fired, Rick needed a new job as soon as possible. Rick just wanted to work, he didn't care what field the job was in. He went to every local business, but none of them were hiring. Being inventive, Rick decided to create his own job for himself. Rick started charging people to have him look over their resumes!
Simy heard her mom speaking to her grandma about a lost letter. She asked her mom what happened. Her mom said her grandma had lost a special letter from her grandpa. Simy felt sad but soon forgot as she played. While putting her toys away she found the letter on a toy shelf.
Yusuf was startled by a loud knocking at his door at a late hour. He wasn't expecting company, and grabbed his gun. A shivering woman greeted him when he opened the door. She had hit black ice and her car had slid off the road. Yusuf called a tow truck for her, and let her warm up in his house.
Ben wanted a new coat for winter. He couldn't make up his mind what color he wanted. Until one day walking down the street with his friend. He saw it the red coat of his dreams. Ben knew he had to have it and rushed into the store to buy it.
John was a basketball player. During his game he went for a three-pointer. However, he missed. When he got the ball again, he went for another shot. He scored and made the winning shot.
Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England. Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen. Rayne researched how she would be able to visit the Queen. After researching, Rayne realized that visiting the Queen is not easy. Rayne decided that watching the Queen on television would have to do.
Tracy's cat was named Bob. Bob had fleas. Tracy went to the pet store to get flea medicine for Bob. The pet store was out of medicine. Bob still has fleas.
Tina was out for a walk in the street. All of the sudden it started to rain. Tina got caught in the rain. She didn't have an umbrella. She got soaked.
Yesterday I played chess online with my friend. He had been away for his stepmom's funeral. We played 10 games. I won four, tied one, and lost five. We had a good series of games.
Caleb wanted a new video game. The game had a lot of violence. Caleb's mother refused to let him get the game. Caleb borrowed the game from a friend. His mother made him return the game immediately.
Sam realized he had just sat on a bench with wet paint. His expensive suit had a stripe on it, minutes before the big meeting! Sam thought for a moment, then acted. He rolled around on the bench, creating more stripes. The executives were impressed with his pinstripe suit.
Bob was driving to work one day and saw a stranded motorist. The motorist had a flat tire. Bob stopped to help. Bob replaced the tire with the spare. Bob felt like a good samaritan.
In South Africa, every day I would walk to the store for food. I always passed by an old man in a wheelchair. I wanted to pray for him but could never convince myself. Finally it came to the end of my time in South Africa. The day I left I mustered up the courage to finally pray.
I went shopping last weekend. I took my daughter with me. She needed a lot of new clothes. I could not believe how picky she is with clothes. I will think twice before taking her with me again.
Lisa wanted to see her favorite band's concert. They were in town and Lisa's friends were all going. Unfortunately, all the tickets were sold out. One of Lisa's friends had an extra ticket. Lisa went to the concert with her friends and had fun.
One day Rachel was shopping with a few of her friends. They had bought a few outfits and were ready to leave. They boarded an elevator to return to their car's. The elevator got stuck and everyone panicked. Luckily firemen came and saved them all in a few hours.
Carson wanted to propose to his girlfriend. He picked out a beautiful ring. When he was ready to pop the question, he took her to dinner. He dropped to one knee and asked her to be his wife. She cried and accepted.
My summer goal was to get a new job. I spent a few weeks applying to everyplace in town. The grocery store called me for an interview. The manager was kind and the interview went well. I start two days from now and can't hardly wait.
Jake was playing a game on his phone. His phone started to overheat. After a few minutes, the battery on his phone exploded. Jake immediately contacted the manufacturer of his phone. He was shipped a brand new phone the next day in the mail.
Lester has always wanted to try investing money. He meets an advisor and invests some of his savings into stocks. However, the stock market loses value over the next few months. Now Lester feels foolish for having invested his money. He decides he will avoid investing in the future.
I bought a book for my friend Joe. Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency. His boss wants Joe to write Requests for Proposals. As Joe had never done this, I bought him a book on RFPs. Joe got the book and is reading it.
Next week is my final exam. I started studying weeks ago. Every day for at least two hours. Yet I still feel unprepared. So I should study even more.
Nancy was on her way to her next class. She tried to take a photo of herself. Her phone was held in front of her face. She walked into a pole. Several people had to help her gain consciousness.
Marie was sleeping in her big comfy bed. She was dreaming about her grandpa who had passed away. They talked about all the things going on in her life. She woke up in tears and realized how much she missed him. She decided to spend the day visiting his grave.
Jenny's first piano result was today. She had practiced and practiced. However, she was still nervous about playing in front of an audience. When it was her turn to get on stage she took a deep breath. And played her song without making a single mistake.
Joe practiced day and night for the big game. He played until after sundown the night before. The next morning, he warmed up intensely and sprained his ankle. He had to miss the big game. His heart was crushed.
Gracie always loved dance class. Her favorite part of class was being called out to demonstrate a move. One day as she was demonstrating she fell flat on her butt. She was so embarrassed that she ran away crying. That mistake made her learn everyone falls, even in the spotlight.
John walked to work yesterday. The weather was perfect. He has been trying to exercise more often. Walking is a good way for him to get in some exercise. I think I may g. I think I may walk with him next time.
Tim woke up with a headache. He drank some water, but couldn't find the asperin. It wasn't in his medicine cabinet. He remembered he had a travel sized pack in his travel bag. He took some aspirin and his headache went away.
We went to CA for a wedding in 2010. We are from Boston and do not travel much. We spent a week after the wedding visiting Northern California. We visited the Mandarin orange groves. It was a great visit.
I did not like the color of my lips. So, I decided to wear some lipstick. Everyone at school made fun of me because I'm a man. But, I continued to wear lipstick. Over time, people at school accepted me for the person I wished to be.
Working at Best Buy can be hard at times. Customers can be rude and loud. It can be very stressful. When I get home I enjoy the absolute silence. Takes a lot of stress off me.
Last week we went to Ikea. We needed a new desk for the house office. After picking the perfect one we took it back home. Once home we broke it trying to put it together. We took it back for a refund and bought a ready made one instead.
Johnny studied all summer for algebra II. He did not do good in algebra I. He wanted to do better. The year started off great. Johnny got an A in the class.
My 99 year old friend Charlie sits on a bench. He saw an overweight person and reacted. He asked me why people cannot control their weight. I told him it is very hard to not eat in this society. I think Charlie is getting senile.
Don was on a cruise. The boat started sinking fast. Don was waiting to get on a lifeboat. He decided to push his way to the front. He was able to make it out unscathed.
Gordon thought it would be a good idea to prank call 911. The operator sent a police car to Gordon's house. Gordon's mom was very disappointed in him. Gordon felt guilty because of his mom's disappointment. He brought donuts to the police station to make up for his bad deed.
I had to learn how to water ski. I first got up on two skis. At first the turns were hard. Then I had to learn how to deal with boat wakes. It's tempting to keep holding the rope.
Al built his son the best downhill race car in town. He secretly installed springs that would drive the car faster. With this car, his daughter won every race. People were amazed with how much she won. Al's daughter felt guilty but she and Al told no one.
My mother and I went to Ikea. We ordered the Swedish meatballs. My mom began to choke on a meatball. She soothed herself by swallowing an entire cup of gravy. The meatballs will never win.
Samantha was at a pizza party. She and some other kids were checking out a crane game. She decided to give it a try. Somehow, she managed to win. She got a pink gorilla toy and gave it to her little brother.
I was playing draw poker with some friends. The remaining player and I had two cards showing. I had a showing pair and another. The other player had nothing showing. He won the hand with a hidden three of a kind.
Hank drove to the shooting range with his guns one day. He walked up the targets with his guns. Just as he prepared to shoot, his gun became jammed. Hank spent over an hour trying to fix the gun. He eventually gave up and used a different gun, then went home.
Jason ripped his pants on a fence. He decided to buy new pants. First, he went home to change his clothes. Next, he went to the mall. Jason bought a new pair of pants.
Angelina decided she was hungry. She went to the kitchen. She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs. Angelina at her dinner rapidly. She was pleased with the taste and it satisfied her hunger.
Tom entered a big race. He never worked out for it. The day of the race Tom knew he couldn't do it. Tom decided to take shortcuts and cheat. He was disqualified.
Sarah did not get a good night's sleep. She felt tired and out of sorts. She decided to take a short nap. She set the alarm on her phone for 15 minutes. She woke up feeling much better.
Sandy and Bob set out to break a world record. They tried to break several different current records. They needed photographic evidence of the record being broken. Bob forgot to bring his camera. Sandy was mad that they did all that work for nothing.
Fred was a high school student at a small school. He decided to take metal shop as his elective. He worked very hard and listened to his instructor. One day Fred started his final project. He built a 10 HP motor from spare parts and got an A in the class.
Lauren recently bought a horse. Her parents paid for her lessons and she learned how to ride it. She got so good, that she qualified for competitions. She won a lot of them. She loves her horse a lot.
Ferguson entered the bar with his face hidden by his hair. He peaked through his locks aiming for the bar. She was there waiting for someone. He approached her stool, but words failed him. Too shy to speak, he run out of the bar as he always did.
My mom was cleaning up the table. She picked up my homework and crumbled it. She also threw it away in the trash. I spent an hour looking for the assignment. When she told me, I was irritated.
Walt had a horrible supervisor at work. His supervisor was always humiliating him. Walt found another job opportunity. Walt accepted the new job as soon as it was offered. Later, Walt heard that his old supervisor had been fired.
My friend was a Hindu. He wanted to build a temple in the city. He needed donations. I decided to fund the project because I was a millionaire. The temple was built in my name and I felt happy.
Marion pushed the hostage along. He was hot and a mosquito had just bitten him. He swatted the bug, letting go of the hostage. The hostage tripped and fell, making matters worse. Marion screamed in exhaustion and frustration.
I was driving in my little Toyota Celica. I was stopped at a traffic light, and felt a huge boom! A huge pickup truck had slammed into me. The driver was completely hammered, so I called the cops. He was arrested for DUI accordingly.
Cindy wanted a new dress. She did not have enough money to buy one. She decided to get a job and save up. She worked a job after school and finally had enough. Cindy was able to buy the dress she wanted.
Everyone from the Johnson family had come into town. They were from as far away as Alaska. They set up for their annual family bbq. The food began to be served and it tasted great. The Johnson family bbq was a big success this year.
Yesterday was our wedding anniversary. Our kids, aged 7 and 9 came into the bedroom and gave us orange juice. They said our present was that they were making us breakfast in bed. We heard crashing and smelled burning toast but we stayed put. Eventually two smiling faces presented us with the  best present ever.
Donny lost 290 pounds successfully. He was very proud of himself. But his body had loads of hanging skin left over from the weight. He went to the doctor who suggested yet another surgery to remove it. Donny declined and remained depressed about it.
Eric bought three elephant ears at the county fair. He had them covered in fudge and powdered sugar. Eric ate all three of the elephant ears quickly. His stomach started feeling queasy. Eric had to run to the bathroom.
Alice loved welcoming new people in town. So she prepared a huge party for a family that just moved in. The family barely spoke English and didn't understand the invitation. But Alice threw her party anyway with big balloons on their lawn. The family was so appalled, they never talked to Alice after that.
Barry decided to get a cat. He went to the pet store. He found a siamese cat that he liked. Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him. Barry then bought the cat and took him home.
Harry and Peter were best friends. Peter allegedly stole Harry's brand new baseball cap. Harry confronted Peter about the stolen baseball cap. Peter denied the that he stole the baseball cap. When Harry was convinced and left, Peter showed everyone his new cap!
Jean put a pot pie in the microwave and set it to cook. She drooled as she anticipated the delicious meal. She took it out of the oven delicately as steam rose from it. When she cut into it, maggots wiggled out. She threw it in the trash, and had cereal instead.
Julie had yard sales every weekend and was very proud of herself. Her neighbor got jealous of all the money she was making. Julie's neighbor started having yard sales too. Julie was upset at first but thought of a way to make things better. The two eventually became good friends because of the rivalry.
Jason was lying in a hammock. He was relaxing under a palm tree at the beach. The wind blew across his skin and he smiled. What a relaxing, peaceful afternoon! Jason was happy to be on vacation.
Leila went on safari in Africa. Leila was excited to see the elephants. After an hour of searching, Leila found an elephant. Leila hugged the elephant. Leila would remember the safari for many years to come.
Sadie got home from school. She realized she had forgotten her key. Sadie went over to a friend's house. She stayed at her friend's house until her mom got home. Sadie returned home when her mom had unlocked the door.
Lucy wanted to get her nose done. She thought her nose was too big. She then drove to the doctor and got it done. She thought no one would know. Yet a month later, everyone noticed.
Berry was a truck driver on his way to Topeka. While on the road he decided to stop for some food. He left his truck to go to a small diner. Berry forgot to lock the truck when he left. When he returned he found that the truck had been stolen!
Burritos was Hector's favorite food. He had them every day, and had many each time. But one day he ate all of his shredded cheese! He found a block of cheese, and started to grate it for his food. With enough cheese grated, Hector ate five burrito's.
When we open our hamster cage she crawls out. She always stuffs the pecan treats we give her in her pouch. Then she gives herself a bath. Usually she poops on us. That's when we put her back in her cage.
Michael was someone who caused problems at work. He would spread rumors about his co workers. He was called into his boss's office one day. His boss fired him because of all the complaints. Michael has been unemployed for two years.
Joseph never thought he'd get caught picking up a hooker. He usually drives right past a girl selling herself. The other day, however, he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside. He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company. She took his money for sex, then the police came from behind his car.
John was the best player on his school's tennis team. He had never lost a match, and barely even a single point. John grew complacent though, and he stopped practicing. A month after he stopped practicing, he had a big tournament. For the first time ever, John lost.
There was a flu outbreak in my office. The boss told us all to work from home. My kids were home from school. We had a painter working in our kitchen. I got absolutely nothing done the whole day.
Wesley loved pranking people and filming it with his smartphone. One day, at the swimming pool, he decided to prank his brother Ben. Wesley raced towards Ben, meaning to push him in the water. Ben played varsity football, however, and easily avoided Wesley. Wesley splashed into the pool, ruining his smartphone in the process!
My teacher took the class to the cafeteria. We took out our equipment and gathered several ingredients. I rolled up some dough and placed it into the oven. After the dough was baked, I immediately took it out. Hannah poured glaze onto it and added the finishing touches.
I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband. I made sure I had all the ingredients. I mixed the cake and popped it in the oven. The phone rang and I forgot about the cake. The cake burnt to a crisp, so it was my surprise cake!
Cole was determined to meet Santa. He stayed up as late as he could on Christmas Eve. But at midnight, Santa still had not appeared, and Cole was tired. His eyelids closed despite his best attempts. In the morning, Cole was angry that he'd fallen asleep.
Bobby's dad savored a cup of coffee every morning. Bobby thought it must be delicious. He was very excited when his dad finally let him try some. As soon as he got it in his mouth he spit it out. He didn't understand how his father could drink the horrible stuff.
Julia was on a trip to the coast with her art class. Every student was required to paint something from the trip. During the entire trip, Julia didn't feel inspired. Finally, at the end of the trip they went on a boat and saw dolphins. She was inspired and decided to paint them.
CeCe thought she was good at skiing. She challenged her friend to a race. On the way down the slopes, her friend crashed. CeCe stopped to help her friend. Later her friend beat her down the mountain.
Katie was shopping in a store one day. She needed to buy a gift but then she saw a sweater that she loved. She wanted the sweater for herself. The sweater was on sale, and Katie got very excited. She realized they didn't have her size so she left with no sweater.
Anne saw her cat, Felix, laying in the sun. She decided to see if she could scare him. Very quietly she snuck up behind him as he snored softly. Just as she was about to grab Felix Dad grabbed her from behind. Anne screeched and almost fell on Felix.
Gina's car was parked in the middle of the street. This way she was able to reach the snow on the passenger side. When she parked it there was no traffic on the street. Now in the distance a set of car lights came to life. Gina picked up the pace, trying to finish before the car came.
Eliza really wanted red slippers for her birthday. She looked everywhere for them but couldn't find any. Finally she found some at the mall. When she got it she loved it. It looked great.
Mary was getting married to Tom. She could not afford to buy a wedding dress. She bought a sewing machine and white fabric. She sewed her own wedding dress. Tom told Mary she looked beautiful in her wedding dress.
The raffle man came to town and sold tickets for a raffle. Many people bought tickets because the prize was a car. On the day of the drawing everyone awaited the results. The raffle man plunged his hand into the bowl of tickets. He pulled out ticket number 564 and the owner won.
The train was late to its next station. The conductor needed to make the train go faster. He began to shovel in coal into the furnace. The coal made a lot of heat. The train began to pick up speed.
I was on a long road trip with my family. My brother and I wanted to bond, literally. We sat straight up. Then we leaned toward each other. We bonded 100 times.
Jane was very interested in history. She decided to watch a documentary about WWII. It was riveting and very well done. Jane learned a lot she hadn't known before. She decided to check out the next documentary in the series.
When i was in grade school i dreamed of a beautiful big house. I want that our house is big and with a pool. One of my friends  lives in that kind of house. She invited me to sleep over in their house and i'm so happy. When i'm in their house i didn't want to go home.
Olivia really wanted to babysit her baby nephews. Her older sister offered to let her give it a try one day. Olivia enjoyed the job at first but soon got bored and distracted. Her older sister was disappointed and mentioned it. Olivia realized that she wasn't ready to babysit after all.
One day the power went out at Anna's house. She and her brother Roy had been playing video games. At first they were disappointed by the power outage. Then Roy suggested they play an old board game instead! The two siblings had a great time playing board games all afternoon!
Irene wore a big hat that morning. But as it was very windy, it got blown away on the beach. As she approached it, the tide swept it away. Irene removed her sandals to swim after it. But as much as she tried, the hat bobbed far away from her reach.
Jesse had always wanted to be a cowboy. Whenever he went to the ranch he was made fun of. Jesse decided he would get really good at sharpshooting. Eventually Jesse won the shooting competition at the fair. The other cowboys finally respected him!
Ana was looking for someone to go to the gaming festival with her. None of her friends seemed to be interested. She asked her coworkers if they wanted to come. None of them seemed interested either. Ana ended up going to the festival by herself.
Juliet's parents were coming over for dinner. She decided to make homemade tuna casserole. Juliet drove to the grocery store to purchase the ingredients. Unfortunately, the store was all out of tuna. Frustrated, Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead.
Baxter has always wanted to finish read a science fiction novel. He walks down to the local library to see if they have a good one. His librarian recommends a terrific novel about aliens and planets. Baxter loves the book so much he finishes it in two days. He is very happy to have read a science fiction novel.
Damien was watching TV with his son. Suddenly the TV shut off. Damien called to investigate and learned that his bill was late. He paid everything right away. Luckily the TV came back on quickly.
Mary woke up with a toothache. Her wisdom teeth had been growing in slowly for awhile. They never really hurt much. But they hurt terribly today. She decided she would take ibuprofen and tough out the day at work.
Marvin had a girlfriend named Joan who he loved very much. He decided to dedicate a song to her. He wrote a song and named it "Love of My Life". Marvin sung the song to Joan one evening and proposed to her. Joan refused and said that she wanted to break up with him.
Jenny was more than ready for vacation. Her suitcase was packed and by the door. Tickets were in her purse. The taxi was outside. She'd be on the beach in just a few hours.
Lionel bought a new fast car. He was so proud, he took it out on the highway to try it out. He accelerated until he reached the speed limit and pushed it further. He had a big smile on when his car hit a truck next to him. The ambulance came and even if Lionel was fine, his car wasn't.
Ava had the greatest Christmas morning. She opened a beautiful dollhouse! It was three stories and had gingerbread trim. She couldn't wait to put the dolls and furniture inside! The dollhouse was a dream come true.
Blake was out late last night. He was partying until the wee hours of the morning. Blake crashed when he got home. He woke up to his alarm clock but it was 2 hours past his wake up time. Blake rushed to work and hoped he wasn't in trouble.
I met this girl outside the bar yesterday. She came out and asked me for a cigarette. I gave her one and asked her name. She said she was Emily. She's coming over later.
Ida had never been taught to swim. She went boating without a life jacket. She fell in and had difficulty staying afloat. None of her companions were able to rescue her. She drowned.
Tammy was at the park. She was watching her kids play. Tammy decided it was time to leave. She called her kids to the car. The kids cried to stay and play.
Ken was set up on a blind date. He waited at the restaurant for her to arrive. She was late. After a while Ken called her to see where she was. She never answered or showed up.
Allie found a fried chicken recipe. She couldn't wait to try it. Allie thought it was great. It took an hour to make. When she was done it was amazing.
Sean wanted to play his video games when he got home from school. Mom told him he had to do his homework first. Sean objected loudly, because he did not want to wait. Mom threatened to ground him for a month. Sean sat down and started to do his homework.
Tim was twelve and seeing his first action movie in the theater. At first he was afraid. It really looked like the bad guy was going to win! Then, at the last minute, the good guy won their fight. Tim cheered with relief!
Tom was living with his wife. Her little sister was a total screw up. His wife wanted to help her out. She convinced Tom to let her stay with them. The little sister got kicked out within a couple of weeks.
My son bumped into an old neighbor last week. Jakob is a Jewish emigre from Russia. We lived in the same condo for years. I sent Jakob a novel I read about life as a Jew in Russia. Jakob sent me a note thanking me very much.
Luis was learning how to drive. And he enjoyed going fast. One day, he sped through a neighborhood. But he almost ran over a dog. Luis decided not to speed anymore.
Turner wanted a new shirt for the game. He did not want to go shopping. He sent his mom instead. When she came back, she had picked out a purple shirt. Turner learned to always do his own shopping.
The toothpaste tube was folded up again. When she opened the cap, there was toothpaste all over the inside. Frustrated, she yelled at her husband to stop doing that. He denied the whole thing and blamed her. She decided she would just hide her own toothpaste from now on.
Nikki had a lot going on in her life. She had a mother that was sick. She had a mortgage that was behind. She was very stressed out. She ended up in a mental hospital.
Michael was playing with his brothers in their backyard. They decided they wanted to play kickball. Unfortunately all of the balls they had were flat. They brainstormed for a long time, trying to figure out a solution. Finally they were able to pump the ball back up and get to playing.
My two kids love to play dress up! Tonight they first dressed up like Elsa and Olaf. After that they changed into Jake and Izzy. My son then transformed into Captain Jake. It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up.
Joe took his family to a baseball game. The team won, so they all got free burgers. The family ate as many burgers as they could handle. It was the first time they'd ever won something. They felt very lucky!
Jenna was tired of her carpet. It had stains and a hole in it! She called a carpet store and they came out and installed new. She was in love with the new look! It felt luxurious and fancy.
Tom found a cat in his neighborhood. It had a collar on it. Tom called the number on the collar. The people who answered were very gracious. They gave him a prize for his trouble.
Tom put on his shoes. The lace was missing on one of the shoes. Tom checked his room for a spare lace. He couldn't find another place for the shoe. Tom put on a different pair of shoes.
Kate and her friends were on a trip to Vegas. But they had made three stops in four hours. Kate began arguing with her friends. She only wanted to take a few minutes to discuss the stops. Twenty minutes later they were in a full blown argument.
Timmy faced Jim in a wrestling match. Timmy endured a few punches but ended up knocking Jim unconscious. He didn't allow Jim time to get up and started to choke him. The officials move Timmy out of the arena. The coach instructed him not to make the same move again.
One day in fifth grade was set aside for May Day. We did outdoor activities and ate a ton of candy. When we returned to the classroom, everyone was sweaty and hyper. One kid was eating skittles and suddenly his pants fell down. Like lightning he pulled them up as those who saw laughed.
Grubbs Gravy was a strat caller for his FPS team. He challenged the reigning champions at a match of 6vs6. Grubbs employed never before seen strategies to confuse his enemies. So good were his strats that he landed a contract with a pro team. Now Grubbs battles for cash on the daily.
The worker entered the data into the spreadsheet. He made a mistake in one of the cells. He ran a data analysis. The results did not make sense. He checked through the data to find the mistake.
Arnold learned how to write the alphabet slowly. His teacher kept putting the pencil in his right hand. It didn't feel right so he quickly became frustrated. He learned he was left handed later. He continued to be insecure about his handwriting.
Tom uploaded a video to youtube. He got a notice that it was taken down. A lawsuit was threatened. Someone thought he was using licensed music. Tom was able to prove it was his own music.
I used to live in the South End of Boston. The bike shop opened up on Tremont Street. They sold a bike made in China. I bought the bike as it was only $60. The bike did not perform well.
Ruth is afraid of thunder. For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily. During the first week, the rain flooded the basement. The following week the thunder shook the house. Ruth decided to stay in a bomb shelter until the storm passed.
I was so nervous about going back to college. I thought that I wouldn't be able to relate with the teenagers. The first day,  August sat right by me and introduced himself. He was so polite and friendly, I regretting being so nervous. I will never make such blanket assumptions about young people again.
I used to stress about everything. I would worry and worry all day. Then, I had a stroke. I learned it was caused by stress. Now, I live stress free.
I had to take a walk to the store last night. It was so cold, I didn't want to go, but I had to. I dressed warmly and headed out. When I got home, my fingers and toes were numb from cold. It took me an hour to warm up again!
Lynn read a book about tomatoes that inspired her to grow her own. She fenced off a part of her yard and prepared the dirt. Just as the book advised, she bought plants from a local nursery. Over the summer, Lynn watered and tended to her plants every day. By the end of the summer, Lynn had enough tomatoes to make sauce.
Susie was hired one day. She decided to make some muffins. She looked up a recipe in her cookbook for ideas. When she saw a good recipe, she tried it. When Susie tasted the muffins, she was amazed.
On Christmas Eve, Mark and Eve went up the mountain. They drove through the snow. At the top, they went and checked out the view. Then, they got some hot cocoa. When they were done, they went down the mountain.
Neil was writing an article about Chinese factories. He arrived in Macau and went to the factory there. The owner showed him around and explained things. Neil was impressed by the amount of work done there. He wrote a glowing article about the Macau factory!
Sam normally didn't like mornings. Last Tuesday he awoke excited. He smelled cookies and was eager to buy some. He looked everywhere but couldn't find them. His roommate informed him that it was just an air freshener.
Clara felt unwell so she visited the doctor. The doctor couldn't find anything wrong. She visited many other doctors and none could find anything wrong. She continued to get sicker and sicker and wasted away. She died of an unknown illness.
My 15 year old son has a new girlfriend. He wanted her to go on a weekend vacation with us. With permission from her mother she joined us. They were caught in inappropriate situations several times. I took her home and grounded him for his poor choices.
Amy's skin was rough and dry from winter. She was so unhappy! She decided to do something about it. She took a long hot bath with oiled water. Soon her skin was silky smooth again!
Lee could not find a pair of jeans that fit perfectly. All of the jeans were too tight or too big. Lee was disappointed the the options available. Lee decided to purchase denim fabric instead of jeans. Lee made a pair of jeans using a sewing machine.
Susie wanted to read the newspaper. So she went outside to look for it. Unfortunately it was nowhere to be found. Susie was upset. So she called up the paper to complain.
Allison is an eighteen year old high school student. This month she must decide where she wants to go to college. She told her friend that she is scared she will make the wrong choice. She must decided rather college or a work program is right for her. In the end she thinks she will choose to go into a work program.
The teen went into the house by himself. His friends had ran from it. The teen went around the house. The house creaked. The house creaked cause it was old.
Patrick loved racing, and looked forward to going to the track. For one particular event, he made sure to get front row seats. He arrived early and paid no attention to the gathering storm clouds. But unfortunately they wouldn't be ignored, and unleashed a downpour. Patrick was forced to miss the racing that day.
The San Francisco Giants were once in first place. They led their division in the NL West at the all star break. Since the break, they are the worst team in baseball. They've lost almost 30 games while winning just 12. Their total collapse will have them missing the baseball playoffs.
Oliver did not have a very good sense of direction. There were many times he managed to get thoroughly lost. One such time was on the way to a job interview. Somehow he followed the directions essentially upside down. He had to run and run when he realized his mistake.
Joe had no school. His mom told him to have the house clean before she got out. She got out early today at three o'clock. He woke up early and began to clean. He finished before he got out.
In September of 2014 I started fostering dogs. I have successfully placed more than 15 unwanted dogs into good homes. I find fostering very rewarding. I currently have a Pekingese named Benni. I will help Benni find his furever home.
My niece developed a romantic attachment to prisoners when she was 20. She visited a man in prison. She married him after he got out. The marriage lasted six months. She left him after he hit her.
The pastor droned on with his Sunday morning sermon. The sermon failed to excite or interest the congregation. Many were checking the time or were looking at their phones. The pastor continued to preach for the next hour. Everyone was too polite to get up and leave.
Charles was 43-years-old and poor. He'd been poor all his life. Suddenly, he had an epiphany. The following weekend he took a Greyhound bus to Las Vegas. He played craps and in 12 hours won fifty thousand dollars.
A man wanted to be well read. He committed to reading an hour a day for a whole year. He read nearly a book a week. He became a great conversationalist as well as well read. He achieved his goals.
Jim woke up one morning. He got ready to go to the store. It began to rain outside. Jim grabbed his umbrella but noticed a hole in it. Jim decided to stay inside and go to the store later.
Kia couldn't find her car key anywhere! She panicked because she was always losing things. Then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key. She had known she was prone to losing things. Kia's foresight saved the day!
Jan is excited when she gets a job at a fashion company. Within two weeks one of her coworkers is stealing her designs. So Jan sets up a camera and catches her thieving coworker. She shows the video to her boss. Jan's coworker is fired.
Tim was unemployed. Tim asked his friend for advice. His friend suggested he try Upwork. Tim applied to many jobs on Upwork. Tim was hired and thankful to Work and his friend.
Mark was on the basketball team. He was supposed to play the play off, but he had to pass a test first. The test was his midterm for geometry. He took the test early one morning, hoping he did alright. Luckily, he did pass his test and he was able to play.
Jana had a really bad day today. She decided to go for a run and clear her mind. While running, she stepped in a mud puddle and splattered herself. She was covered nearly head to toe in wet mud. Jana came home and took a shower and went straight to bed.
Our daughter is four months pregnant. She barely showed on her visit over the weekend. She lives in NYC and we live in Boston. After she got home she sent us a new photo. She had gotten a noticeable bump.
Jake was walking along a bike bath. And found a wallet on the floor. He kept the wallet and planned on keeping the money. But farther along the path, someone asked him if he saw a wallet. Jake decided to hand it over.
Franny said she had never been on a picnic. Tom cooked and planned for a week. They got to the park and laid out their blanket. Franny said she wasn't feeling well. They had to cut their picnic very short.
John was looking for his keys. He could not find them anywhere. He continued looking. Finally he found them under the refrigerator. John wondered how they got there.
A new technique was discovered. It was shared in a journal. Other scientists were able to replicate it. The technique became widely used. It was named after the problem it solved.
Hank bought his son a cowboy doll for his fifth birthday. Hank's son loved the doll. His son accidentally tore the arm off of the doll. His son cried and cried for hours. Hank went to the store and bought his son a new doll.
Adam was running late for school. He called his friend Steve to see if Steve could pick him up. Steve arrived within minutes and they headed off for school. A policeman pulled Steve over for driving too fast. Adam missed school and promised to pay Steve's speeding ticket.
Tom was standing outside of a bar. He saw two guys getting into a fight. One was beating up the other. Tom yelled out for them to stop. They didn't listen to him.
Katie walked home from school. She always locked the door. She heard a car park outside. She didn't know who it was. She closed the window blinds.
I am Chinese and my wife is white. When my daughter was 4  I took her to Chinatown. We went for Chinese New Year. The firecrackers were too noisy and she got scared. I took her again at six and she enjoyed the noise by then.
Helen was a teacher. She was giving out a test. Helen heard two of her students whispering to each other. Helen picked up the two tests. She gave the students zeros on the exam.
Ronnie decided to make a surprise visit with his mom. They live about four hours apart. He filled his gas tank and his cooler for the trip. He passed the time by listening to his radio. Before he knew it he was already giving his mom a big hug.
Dallas was a horrible boy who always did bad things. One day, he was absent from school because he was skipping. When he got back to school, his teacher told him about all he missed. This made Dallas very angry and he told his teacher she was unfair. Dallas got in trouble for being disrespectful.
I saw a Target Express in Queens last month. I thought it was a good idea. This month they opened a Target Express near Boston University. My brother visited and said it was a nice place. We might go down to shop someday.
Bill was driving down the road. He saw his friend Amy walking. He stopped his car. He gave her a ride. Then he went home.
Jesse had a rope swing in his front yard. He tried one day seeing how high up he could climb. Jesse climbed all the way to the top! He could see all the way down the street from the top of the rope. He slowly made his way down knowing how high up he was.
One day Jeff was walking in the woods. He was going to watch for birds. He stumbled upon something green on the forest floor. Jeff reached down. He had found 5 one hundred dollar bills.
Robert was a rude co worker. He would constantly belittle his companions. One day he was running a late shift. On his way out he discovered something was wrong with his car. His tires were slashed.
Gina's mom had a cold. She asked Gina to pick up some NyQuil for her. Gina picked up a bottle of NyQuil and headed home. Her mother wasn't pleased with the choice. Gina had gotten the red liquid and she wanted the green.
Steve had a lot of money. He was building a new house. It was going to be giant! It would have an elevator and a huge pool. Steve couldn't wait to live in his mansion.
Oscar decided that he no longer wanted to be out of shape. He decided to start running outside every day. At first he found it very difficult. However, over time, Oscar began to enjoy running. He was glad to be getting in shape.
My friends and I wanted to do something. We saw a baseball game was happening. We drove to the stadium. We went inside and bought hot dogs. We sat and watched the game, but we thought it was boring.
At the school I transferred to, freshman students started school early I didn't know that as no one told me! So I show up in class a week early. I was confused why the class didn't seem to be on the right subject. Luckily no one in that class knew me!
Gerald loved to eat cupcakes. On some days, he would over 20 cupcakes. One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical. The doctor told him that cupcakes were very unhealthy. Gerald stopped eating cupcakes and ate vegetables instead.
Jeremy clicked on the radio button. He was startled when static jumped out from its speaker. He clicked on the button again, a little more assertively. A stern voice spoke from it asking him to stop it, or be in trouble. Jeremy stopped it.
Sally is going home. Sally is in the back seat. Sally's mom swerves off the road. The car lands in a ditch. Sally gets out of the car unhurt.
Cromush Ragnarock was a lumberjack. At hewing trees, he could not be bested. One day the he was ordered cut down an ancient oak. Unfortunately, when Cromush got there, the sight of it made him weep. Never again did Cromush lift his axe.
I asked Brad to bring a class of lemonade with a few ice. He went into the kitchen to look for it. He took out a drink and poured it in the class. When he gave it to me, there was fruit punch without ice. I told him to drink it and searched for the lemonade.
Jan admired her friend's collection of jewelry. When she was invited to a gala event, Jan asked to borrow a necklace. The friend handed Jan a gorgeous necklace strung with red stones. After the gala, Jan was horrified to find the necklace missing. But the friend only laughed and said the stones were fake.
Tim was learning to ride a skateboard. He was the only kid at the skate park who wore elbow and knee pads. Other kids snickered at his caution. But every time Tim fell, the pads saved him from injury. He decided safety was more important than looking cool!
Every day the crow would land on the front porch. Jim had fed it once and it seemed to remember. One day, after not feeding it for a week, the crow landed and swore. Jim thought this was the most hilarious thing and fed it. They became inseparable ever since.
Sara loved to make spaghetti. Her sauce was always the best. This time something went wrong. She couldn't figure it out. Then she realized she forgot the garlic.
John offered to lay some tile for a female friend. John really didn't know much about tile. John picked up all the supplies to do the tile job. John installed all the tile in the house. His install job looked absolutely terrible.
Joe got a new video game for his birthday. As soon as he saw it, he thanked his parents. Afterwards, he ran up to his room to play it. Joe spent the next three hours playing his new video game. It was better than he thought it would be!
Lucy was sulking. Her grandmother tried to cheer her up. It wasn't working. Lucy walked to her room with her head hung low. She laid in her bed and stared at the ceiling for hours.
Kristy wanted to pour a glass of water. Kristy went to the sink and grabbed a glass. She turned on the tap and water came out. Kristy poured the water into the glass. Kristy turned off the tap and drank the water.
Karl's mom washed his lunchbox often. He would leak things in it that were hard to clean. One day, the lunch box fell apart in the washing machine. Karl's mother was very upset. She made him take his lunch in a paper bag instead.
I was craving some sort of creole food. I looked online for a good recipe. On one site, I noticed a picture of delicious looking jambalaya. I checked the recipe. I had the ingredients, so I made the meal.
Libby is very fat. She decides to lose some weight. On Monday, she goes to the gym to start her workout. Inside, she notices there are only skinny, beautiful people. Maybe she will just go grab a burger.
Arnold was scared of paper. No one really knew why. He hated the sight of paper. One day someone threw a paper ball at him. He almost fainted because of the paper.
Ben wanted to stay home and didn't want to work. He decided to lie to stay home. He told his boss that he wasn't feeling well. His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home. Ben did feel guilty about it however.
Sam loved a particular kind of car. He had always wanted one. He just got a new job. It paid really well. Sam used the money to buy his dream car.
Ricky really wanted breakfast. But he was too lazy to cook. He decided to go out to eat. He dressed quickly and left the house. Then he went and ate a yummy restaurant breakfast.
When I was young I had an irrational fear of life-like dolls. My older brother David decided to take advantage of this. One night after brushing my teeth I crawled into bed. I felt something hard in the bed with me. When I turned on the light I saw Mark had slipped a doll in there!
I watched the MLB World Series with my dad last night. We had a great time rooting for the Yankees. It was a close game and the Yankees lost. We were very upset that they lost. We hope that they'll win tonight.
Hannah reached for her baby sister. Her baby sister was laughing. However, she knocked Hannah in the face. Hannah ended up with a broken nose. She immediately went to the hospital.
John was starting a business. He thought a commercial would help him get the word out. He filmed it with an ad agency. He loved the end result. It aired for the first time that weekend.
Mom got up very early that day. She needed to work in the garden before it got too hot. Unfortunately, it was the hottest day so far that season. Mom got overheated and decided to go back inside. She decided to relax with a good book and a cold drink instead.
George took his son to the beach. They walked along the water looking for shells. At first all they found were fragments. Then, George stumbled upon a full silver dollar. The two saved the shell to bring home.
My friend Angela took her kid to the beach one day. Angela was 25 and her son was 3. A dog came by and took her son's ball and deflated it. I asked the dog's owner for money to pay Angela back. She agreed to pay Angela $5 for the ball.
Our kids went to parochial school. The school made the parents work at functions. In December, I had to sell cookies at the school Christmas Bazaar. I sat in a room in the school and took money in. It was the only school function I enjoyed.
I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night. To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal. I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles. I wasn't able to get a single one. After I decided to just buy her one instead.
Amy was at a party for her friend Beth's birthday. Amy wanted the DJ to play a song that was her favorite in high school. The DJ agreed to play the song at the time Amy requested. Amy danced next to Beth so she could see her reaction. When the song played everyone including Beth to screamed with delight.
There were around a dozen pages of questions to go through. Jane was not daunted, as the exam would guarantee her a place. She worked diligently through the questions, page by page. She completed the exam in just under two hours. Jane handed in the exam and hoped for the best.
The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple. He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church. When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign. The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful. The driver didn't see him and thought god was yelling at him.
Andy is an avid Los Angeles Lakers fan. Andy was glad when his friend Paul invited him to a game. Unbeknownst to Andy, it was going to be Kobe's last game. Andy was in awe of Kobe the entire time he was on the court. Andy was so glad he could see Kobe's last game.
The man sat at his desk and didn't know what to do. His bills were piling up. He said a silent prayer that her would find a way. An idea hit him suddenly. He could make money working as a Turk online.
Claire was taking the train back to her apartment. She was exhausted from practicing her violin so long. As the train reached her stop, she hurried to the door. She fell asleep as soon as she got home. The next morning, she realized she had left the violin on the train.
It was my birthday. I got a card from my dad. It was generic and he didn't even write the message. I became sad. I realized he didn't value me as his son.
I became obsessed with ferrets as a child. I begged my father to get one for me. I did lots of research and showed him how serious I was. He was convinced I knew what I was doing. He finally got me 2 ferrets for my birthday.
My son in law's cousin applied to a lot of top colleges. He got into Saint John's and was rejected by several colleges. He did not like Saint John's and did not go. He took a year off and applied again. We are not sure if he did any better this time.
Maurice was sorting through his patient files. He saw one patient who had the flu. Maurice walked in and prescribed him some medication. He looked up and noticed his error. The man in the bed had a broken leg.
Tim hated Jello. Every time someone served him jello, he got mad. Fred told him to sprinkle sugar on it. Tim tried it. Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again.
Dan had very low self-esteem because of the zits on his face. He tried many creams and soaps but none worked. For five years, he barely could look at himself in a mirror. So when one day his zits cleared out, he was amazed. He went outside and for once wasn't ashamed to let people look at him.
Rebecca has to give her first speech in public speaking class. She is so scared as she walks to the front of the class. At first, her voice and hands shake. Then she realized she could dazzle the audience instead. She settled into a groove, and ended up loving the task.
Ann wanted to get her dad the perfect birthday present. He loved reading, but he had lots of books already. She wasn't sure what book he would like to read next. She thought and thought, and finally she had a great idea. On his birthday, she presented him with a library card!
Jane loved singing. Unfortunately she was always shy. Her friends convinced her to sing at an open mic night. Jane went through with it and had a great time. She decided to go back to more.
The family was trying to stay cool. It was over a hundred degrees outside! They decided to head to the pool. They dove in and felt refreshed. What a great way to cool off!
Samson was doing a junior ranger program. First he had to fill out some puzzles. Then, he had to go on a hike. Finally, he was ready. He talked to a ranger and earned his badge.
Dora admired some ivy growing in her neighbor's yard. She secretly pinched off a piece to plant. The neighbor noticed the ivy growing up the side of Dora's house. He told Dora she'd have to do something soon. Dora had to pay to have the invasive ivy removed.
Chastity fell off the monkey bars at school. She broke her leg when she hit the ground. She missed a week of school. When she came back, we all signed her cast. We hung out with her at lunch to make her feel better.
The girl felt pain in her mouth. Her dentist said it was her wisdom teeth growing in. She scheduled a time to get them removed. It hurt a lot but was worth it in the end. Soon, she was pain-free!
Tim's parents took him to the circus. He was having a pretty good time. All of a sudden the clowns came out. Tim was really scared of them. One got too close and made him cry.
Gabriel saw Chloe for the first time in the park. He immediately fell in love with her. Taking out a piece of paper, he wrote a long love letter. It was filled with romantic declarations and poetic words. In the end, he was too nervous and crumpled the letter up.
Matt asked a girl for a date at the prom but she declined. Matt was determined to not give up so he thought of multiple ways. He tried to impress her by giving her flowers but it didn't work. Finally he wrote a letter to her and why he was attracted to her. The girl was finally convinced that he was worth a shot and sai.
Billy was always scared to go down the slide. He never would try it. One day he got the urge to give it a shot. He climbed up to the top of the slide. He pushed himself down, it was fun!
Jill's parents raised rabbits. She was at the rabbit cages. Jill was looking at the animals. Jill tried to feed one of the rabbits a blade of grass. The rabbit bit Jill's finger.
Ora did badly in school on her first report card. She vowed to do better, so she began studying harder. She did well on tests and handed in all her homework. When report cards were issued again, she was hopeful. Checking the card, Ora saw that she'd made straight As!
Ethan loved to cook. He was in charge of making most of his family's meals. He decided to attend culinary school after high school. Ethan graduated at the top of his class. He is now the chef at a popular restaurant in the city.
Eli spotted what he thought was a pine cone on the ground. The fading light was making it hard to see. He thought it was the neatest pine cone he'd ever seen. As Eli reached for it, the rattlesnake it belonged to bit him! Eli died because of his poor judgement and bad eyesight.
Wanda wanted to make her special strawberry cake. However, she lacked strawberries. So, Wanda left to go to the grocery store. When she got there, she looked and looked. It was all in vain, though,for the grocery store was out.
This morning, Sarah went to McDonald's for breakfast. She ordered an egg muffin with a hashbrown. The employees told her that the fryer was broken. Sarah couldn't get her hashbrown. She was sad when she left the restaurant.
Beth and Joe went to their cabin retreat for a short break. They had to hike for several hours to reach the cabin. Sweaty and dirty, they both felt they needed to take a shower. Beth took a shower first and used up almost all the water. Joe got upset at Beth and went for a dip in the lake.
They say certain video games incite violence. I tend to agree. The other day my friend beat me at Mario Kart. I got so angry that we got into a physical fight over it. That game is now banned at my house.
Riley and friends were going to a ski trip this year for vacation. They planned to go up to big bear mountain and rent a cabin. They thought everything was going to go well and as planned. Everything failed on them one by one, their cabin had no electricity. When they finally got it an avalanche hit and their vacation was done.
I walked into the laundry room. Something seemed to smell strange. I opened the washing machine. My grandmother hadn't changed the laundry out. It smelled like mildew, and I threw it all out.
I needed a pair of sunglasses. I saw some at the store. I picked out a pair I liked. I bought them from the store. They were too small for my head.
Elle and Ed were on a road trip. Ed was lost on a small tertiary road. He scrutinized the map helplessly. Then Elle took it and turned it over. She was able to find their way back to the main road!
Leann was at her orthodontist's office getting braces. On her way out, she noticed a basket full of food vouchers. When no one was looking, she grabbed a handful of them. The coupons offered free fries and burgers. Leann enjoyed free food for weeks.
I went to my backyard to ride on the swings. After several minutes, a bee flew in my direction. It landed on my ear and bit bee. I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran. My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol.
Ben and Carl were at a park. But they quickly became bored. They decided to play in the children's area. And they had fun playing on the swings and going down slides. They decided to use the children's area more often.
Gary always loved sports. He loved playing, watching, and discussing all sports. When he was in college he wrote for the sports section of the paper. Then when he graduated he got a job working for ESPN. Now Gary has his dream job, being paid to comment on sports.
Tommy got out of the car and walked to the water's edge. His dad came over and put a piece of bait on his hook. Tommy cast his line into the water and smiled at his dad. A few minutes later he felt a tug on his line. He pulled out a fat catfish from the water as his dad smiled on.
Henry lived in a box car on a train track in the woods. He used his solitude to write books and read. One day, a girl found him in the woods. She started talking to him and wouldn't stop. Henry abandoned his box car and moved back home with his Mom.
Jordan was watching TV on her couch. It was raining outside and she noticed her cat scurrying inside. The cat ran over to Jordan and hopped onto her lap. Jordan realized that the cat's paws were wet, but it was too late. Her clothes and blankets were all wet and ruined.
Dan's brother had the Power Wheels truck Dan always wanted. One day Dan took out the Battery and buried it. When his parents asked he pretended he didn't know anything. His father found the battery in the yard. Dan was grounded for a week.
Becky was idly surfing the internet. She saw an ad for a comic book convention in her town. She decided that she would attend dressed as her favorite character. She rushed to the department store to buy materials. She then spent that night creating her costume from scratch.
Laura loved to collect rare toys. She would go to big toy shows to find them. She spent all of her money on a rare find. She couldn't afford to pay her rent. She got evicted from her home.
The family was out in their sailboat. They were enjoying the calm waters. Suddenly, they saw a shark fin poke out! They all yelled and pointed. It swam away slowly and disappeared.
Jenny purchased a computer in the store. The cashier scanned the computer. She told Jenny that she owes $345 dollars. Jenny gave her a total of $400 dollars in cash. However, The cashier returned $130 dollars.
Kate had a headache. She kept a bottle of pills in her purse for such an occasion. She could only find vitamins in the bottle. She had been sharing her Advil with people at work. So of course she had none now that she needed them most.
Kathy and Bob decided it was time to get divorced. They disagreed about sharing child custody of their son, Don. The two sought mediation services so they could resolve this problem. They negotiated, deciding Don would live with Bob three days per week. The situation is satisfying for everyone concerned.
The sailor on the submarine looked out the porthole at the fish. He saw a huge shark come up and eat the one he was looking at. The sailor banged on the window and yelled at the shark. He asked the captain if he could fire a torpedo at the shark. The captain told him to get back to doing real work.
Sara was tired of being alone in her house. She went to the animal shelter to look around. After a little while she saw a kitten and fell in love. She filled out the paperwork and took the kitten home. After getting home she realized she would no longer be alone.
George's bus picked him up at 8 for his first day of school. When they arrived, he was quiet and timid, sitting silently. At recess, he did not play with anybody. But later, at puzzle time, a little girl named Sara befriended him. By the end of the day, they were inseparable!
Every Easter since I was a child, we go to my grandmother's house. She has a big celebration with breakfast and an easter egg hunt. Everyone gets an Easter basket full of candy and little toys. I bring my children to my grandmother's house now to celebrate. The tradition of Easter celebration lives on through many generations.
I came home from work one day. The television was not working. I tried pressing the on button a few times. I tried using the on button on the remote control. It turns out the television wasn't plugged in.
Beth's grandmother taught her to knit when she was little. Beth did not like to knit very much and stopped. Beth learned that her grandmother was terminally ill. Beth began knitting again and spent many hours with her grandmother. Beth continued to knit even after her grandmother passed away.
Tina went for a walk one afternoon like she always does. When she walked through the park, she was greeted by a puppy. She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her. She looked everywhere for the owner, but couldn't find anyone around. Tina took the puppy home and raised it to be a loyal companion.
Patty often text messaged on her phone while driving. Her parents told her not to text and drive. Patty couldn't help herself and continued to text while driving. She wasn't paying attention and rear-ended another vehicle. Patty had to pay for the damages because she was at fault.
Lucy was gardening with her grandma. She spotted a watermelon in the corner. Lonely for a friend she named the watermelon Mel. She put stickers on the melon for eyes and a nose. That night the rain washed her friends face away.
John's father was the preacher of a small Baptist church. His father expected him to go into ministry after high school. John was more interested in biology. At the end of his senior year, he went to college for biology. His father never spoke to him again.
Paul loved going to museums. He went to the science museum downtown to see the dinosaurs. His favorite was the t-rex. He like to imagine them stomping across the ground. He bought a dinosaur toy at the gift shop.
Jane used to get made fun of at school for being poor. Even though the other kids had money, they weren't as happy as Jane. One day she was asked why she is always happy even without money. She said she appreciates the many little things in her life. Now she is no longer made fun of at school.
The other day I was doing laundry. While I was doing laundry a bunch of coins fell out of my pockets. It was a bunch of dimes and pennies. I was happy that this happened. I used that money to do my laundry.
Kevin took his two sons to a park in Hawthorne. While they played, Kevin heard a car in the parking lot playing Rap. He wondered who was hanging out in the parking lot. Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel. It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car.
Dave needed to make 60 dollars on mechanical turk. His electricity bill was due, and it was 60 dollars. Dave had a great day turking and made 100 dollars. To celebrate, he went out to eat with friends. He ate so much, his bill was 100 dollars.
My father caught a fish. He placed it on the ground of the ship. We left the fish to get a few tools. However, the fish managed to hop into the water. We were mad when we noticed that the fish was gone.
Beth broke her leg. One day her cast got very wet. It was from the rainy. She could not dry it off. Now it stinks very bad.
Jerry had to get his wisdom teeth removed. It started to hurt really badly for him. He went to the dentist. He got anesthetized. He got it removed and he did not feel a thing.
Sally decided she wanted a puppy. She asked her mom if they could adopt a puppy. Her mom said yes! Sally and her mom went to the Humane Society. Sally adopted a puppy of her very own!
Jill's dad takes her to get some ice cream. She can't decide if she wants chocolate or vanilla. So she gets one of each. They make a really good combo. From then on that's how she orders ice cream.
Jake joined a mountain climbing team. The team trained for months for an upcoming climb. Jake purchased all of the gear he would need for the trip. On the day of the climb, the weather was severe and dangerous. Jake was sad to have to postpone the climb.
Cedric had written a play for Drama class. His teacher chose to put it on as it was very good. A girl Cedric liked tried out for the female lead. Her boyfriend tried out for the male lead. Cedric cast himself as the male but when the girl found out she quit.
Alicia needed a new bathing suit. Luckily when she was at the small market she saw one. But when she looked at the price, she was shocked. She could not believe it was 200 dollars. Alicia then put it back.
Ralph had always wanted to see New Orleans. He spent months saving his money for the trip. Finally he visited the famed city. He ate delicious gumbo and saw Bourbon Street. Ralph was very pleased with his New Orleans trip.
Timmy wanted to have a big Thanksgiving dinner. Timmy asked his mom if the family could have a big Thanksgiving dinner. Timmy's mom agreed that they could have a big Thanksgiving dinner. Timmy's mom invited all of their friends and family for Thanksgiving. Timmy and his family had a great Thanksgiving together.
The water quality in my town has been going down. It seems like every week, a new report comes out. In my house, we decided to get some water filters. Since then, the water has at least tasted a lot better. Hopefully, it isn't as polluted, anymore, either.
The kids needed a snack. Their mom gave them a plate of cheese. They gobbled it up in a minute. She cut some more and put it on the plate. They were so hungry they knew they'd finish that, too!
Tom was in a bad relationship. He kept trying to fix things. They even tried therapy. Eventually Tom realized there was no hope. He broke up with his girlfriend.
The man made a cheese sandwich. He gave the sandwich to his son. His son refused the sandwich. The man ate it instead. The man gave his son an apple.
Driving home the other day I saw a sofa on the side of the road. It was in good shape. The weather looked like rainy might be coming. I called a friend with a truck to help me get it. We got it into my house right as it started raining.
Earl saw a large safe at a garage sale. The owner gave it to him for free because he couldn't open it. Earn began took it home and tried to open it. He banged on the safe with a hammer for hours. He was very tired at the end of this but the safe was still closed.
Horatio has been trying to eat more healthy food at home. However, sometimes he finds that he is very hungry. He decides to start eating avocados at home. He finds them both satisfying and healthy. Horatio is glad that he is eating more healthy food!
Every day I get up for work at 7 am. Yesterday I didn't wake up until 8 am. I was very upset because I forgot to set my alarm. I had to rush through my shower just to get to work on time. When I got to work everyone could tell that I rushed through my shower.
The woman was getting married in just a month. She ordered a dress from the bridal shop. She was worried it wouldn't arrive in time. The dress showed up the day before the wedding. The woman was so relieved she cried!
May and Tim began to pitch the tent. Their parents had deemed them old enough for the responsibility. As they put one pole through one of the sleeves, it snapped. May wrapped duct tape around the pole to repair it. In a matter of minutes, the tent was all set up.
Our 2 year old granddaughter Shia is fussy. She will not wear certain outfits. Today her mom put a nautical shirt on her. Shia refused to wear it. She opted for a Winnie the Pooh shirt.
There was a knock on Bob's door late at night. Bob awoke and ran down to see who it was. A man he never met before was pounding on the door and wanted in. Bob sensed a problem outside and let him in. The man collapsed on the floor as soon as Bob let him in.
Annie had a dream to go to Japan. After working for 2 years and saving she managed to go there. She climbed Mount Fuji with her boyfriend. While enjoying the view he gave her a ring. She will always remember this moment.
Stephen went to Brazil for his yearly vacation. After eating some food, he felt a lot of pain in his stomach. Stephen did not know what to do and rushed to the hospital. The doctor said stephen would recover in 24 hours. Now Stephen is enjoying Brazil.
Walton was running on the highway. Cars started beeping to warn him to get off the road. Walton was playing music and couldn't hear them. He ran out in front of a car. The car braked but it hit Walton full speed.
I ordered my favorite drink this morning. Unfortunately, I forgot my wallet at home. Embarrassed, I walked away. The man behind me paid for my drink. I thanked him for his kindness.
My friend went to get a straightening treatment done yesterday. It took about three hours she said. She told me the worst part was the chemical smell. It ended up burning her scalp. She decided to lay off the treatments.
Tom wanted to take Shelly on a date. However he was broke. He thought that there was nothing he could do. Shelly had a good idea. They both just sat and watched the sunset together.
Andrea was a daredevil. She wanted to learn to ride a motorcycle. She took classes and picked it up quickly. She was so good she thought about buying her own. Andrea wanted to hit the road on her own bike!
On New Year's Day my daughter and I took the kids to New York City. We took a train from Long Island to Penn Station. We spent the night indoors and woke up in the morning to a snowstorm. She and I walked a few blocks to buy hats and gloves for the kids. With everyone warm, we enjoyed a snowy few days in the city.
Larry was running late to church. He woke up late and had to drive slow because of the snow. When Larry arrived he rushed out his car. The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell. He promised to get up on time for church from then on.
Brett is sad that summer is almost over. He enjoys school, but enjoys summer time more. He said he will miss being able to play all day. Once school starts he will be fine. He will get to be with his friends all day instead.
Louis has played the guitar since the age of 11. People would always bully him at school and told him that he sucked. He quit for about 5 years. Towards the end of high school he decided to start playing again. He's now signed for one of the best bands in the country.
Glenda went to her son's house to use his computer to check her email. She forgot to log out of her email account when she left. Her daughter in law used the computer after Glenda left. The daughter in law decided not to log out. She proceeded to invade Glenda's privacy and read all of her emails.
I can never watch a YouTube video without there being any sort of ad. It has been rather frustrating. When I watched a video yesterday the ads were five minutes long. I almost wished I had the paid version without the ads. Yet that is too expensive.
Tom was very nervous to perform his band. He was playing in front of his friends. When he got on stage, everyone cheered. At the end, everyone loved it. Tom was relieved.
The couple decided to acquire two cats for pets. They studied and learned that cats have a body temperature of over 102. They found an electric cat bed that heats to 102 when a cat is in it. They bought the heated cat bed. The cats do sleep in the bed every night and some daytime too.
Alicia and her family took a trip to Disney. Alicia thought it would be fun. Unfortunately it was not fun. She did not like the trip at all. When the trip was over she was happy.
Roy was an editor of a local newspaper. He read an article in a college paper and wanted to meet the writer. He arranged to speak in the writer's class. But the writer thought it would be a slow day with no assignments. The writer didn't show up for class.
A mom took her two kids to the park. The oldest kid played on the jungle gym. The youngest kid played in the grass. It began to rainy. The mom and two kids ran to the car laughing.
Tom and Jessica just began dating. Jessica invited Tom to a gala. Tom graciously accepted. The couple grew closer at the fun event. Tom and Jessica ended up marrying and living happily ever after.
Last summer my friends and I were going  to  a Brad Paisley  concert. On the way to  the  concert  a drunk driver crashed into our vehicle. The driver fled his car. Police arrived and closed the road. No one was seriously injured  but we missed the  concert .
Kay was driving and the light turned yellow. She decided to speed up to get through before it turned red. Before she entered the intersection the light turned red. As she looked in the rear view she saw a police car. To her surprise the cop did not pull her over for running the light.
I had been wanting a new laptop for a while. I finally decided to buy myself one online. On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift. It was the new laptop she knew I wanted. I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her.
Today my family is moving out of our apartment we've had for 3 years. As we're leaving, my brother leans close to me and whispers in my ear. He tells me he's masturbated in every room in the house. Then he winks at me and tells me but my room was the best. Now I've got to find some type of lock for my new room.
When I was seven, I became very ill. The doctor gave me penicillin. I had an allergic reaction, hives swelling all over my body. I was given shots to alleviate the reaction. I sat on the couch all day, shaking and very sleepy.
Roy's neck was hurting all day. But he had to go to basketball practice. He didn't want to complain to his coach. So he struggled through the exhausting practice session. But the next day, his neck hurt too badly to play.
Cathy was running outside in the dirt. It was muddy and rainy. As she was runny, it was getting muddier and muddier. She tripped and fell and started sinking. Cathy landed in quicksand and could not get out.
Jake's son wanted to learn how to ride a bike. Jake however didn't know how to ride a bike himself. Jake secretly bought a bike and practiced at night. He was able to master how to ride a bike in a few weeks. Jake was then able to teach his son how to ride as well.
Robin was so excited! He'd worked for months on his debut single. It was about to be released. He was driving when he heard it come on the radio. He pulled over and started dancing to it.
Doris was an elderly woman who was loved by all who knew her. She liked to sit on her sunny porch every afternoon. When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned. He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy. The mole was determined to be melanoma which ended her life.
Margaret was hoping to see some wildlife on her hike. There were lots of deer and coyotes in the area. It had been a harsh spring, so they were very active looking for food. Margaret spotted several of each species. She took lots of pictures and wrote about it in her field journal.
Ted went to a local megamall. He needed to buy some new clothes for his new job. He went to several shops to compare prices and styles. He ended up buying most of his clothes from one store. Ted's three hour shopping spree cost him $1000.
Bob's hair is really thinning out. It even starts to come out in the shower. So he goes to a hair doctor. The doctor gives him a hair transplant. When the transplant is done Bob looks ten years younger.
Dan recently visited the country of Haiti. While there, Dan decided to try some of the island cuisine. At a restaurant, Dan saw Bull foot soup on the menu. Dan decided to try the soup. Dan was presently surprised with how much he loved the exotic soup.
Chase lived with three brothers and a sister. His house was constantly loud because of them. As an introvert he hated all the noise. He decided to find a quiet place he could spend his time. He discovered the library had a whisper only rule, it was his dream.
A little girl was born. She grew up. She had a family. She got old. She passed away at the end.
Tom went to Best Buy. He wanted to get his computer fixed. He later saw a the man he bought the computer from. The man wondered why he went to the store. He could have fixed the computer himself.
My wife and I saw the Star Trek movie yesterday. We saw some people in the lobby. I tried to guess which movie they were going to see. I saw a nerdy teenager and guessed he was going to see Star Trek. I was wrong, as nobody else was in the theater watching Star Trek.
Julie had an ice cream social yesterday. She invited all her friends to attend. The girls had a great time. Julie had ten different types of ice cream. Everything tasted good.
My family went to the festival today. It was on a street called Wellington. There were so many people at the festival with us. We heard live music, saw a whimsical play, and pet all the animals. Right before we left we had some amazing food from the food truck.
Sally's mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. Sally heard about a run to support breast cancer. Sally trained hard for weeks before the run. Sally completed the run with her mom cheering her on from the sideline. Sally hugged her mom at the end of the run.
James forgot to do his homework assignment. He emailed his professor explaining that he had been sick all week. His professor responded a few hours later. His professor let James turn in his assignment next week. James completed his assignment and received a B on it.
Romina spent all night laying bed awake. Her anxiety has been getting worse lately. She finally managed to get herself out of bed. She made some calming tea. She sat as she waited for the feeling to pass.
I was walking to my class. Rain and thunder suddenly appeared. I tried to run as fast as I can. My book fell in the pond. Since it was soaked, I had to throw it away.
Yvonne wanted a new car for Christmas. Her husband went to the car dealer to see the cars available. He remembered that she wanted a convertible. He decided to buy a decent priced convertible. His wife loved the Christmas gift.
Annabelle was invited to Jody's slumber party. At the slumber party the girls started to tell ghost stories. Annabelle hated ghost stories. She pretended to have a stomach ache. Annabelle called her mother to come get her and take her home.
Joe needed to clean his fish bowl. So he put his fish in another bowl full of water. Joe grabbed his bowl and began to clean it. After Joe cleaned his bowl he put his fish in the bowl. He was glad to clean the bowl.
Ricky was very thin, and he was nervous about his weight. He thought girls would never want to be with a man as thin as he. So he began to lift weights in his garage every night! Then he got a girlfriend, and she told him how she loved his thinness. Ricky retired his weight bench that very next day!
Bill's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains. Bill can't figure out why. Until one day he sees a mouse run into a hole in the wall. The mouse was coming in from the rain whenever it rained. Once Bill patches the hole there is no more barking from the dog.
William likes to race cars for a living. When William was young he dreamed of winning Daytona. Daytona is the biggest race in the country. William practiced for eight weeks straight. He won Daytona with two laps to spare.
I went to the dentist for a sore tooth. I walked into the waiting room, the anxiety building. Finally, when it was my turn, I followed the nurse to the chair. The dentist drilled and drilled, taking forever. He eventually finished and I left feeling relieved the visit was over.
John wanted to join the basketball team at school. He was very good at shooting but couldn't really run. He trained and worked on his running before the tryout! He was still very nervous leading up to it but he was confident. The coach said he needed to run a bit better but he was on the team!
Jeff wanted to play with his dog all day long. He started off by taking it for a walk around the neighborhood. Jeff and his dog then stopped for an ice cream cone. Then they walked over to the dog park. Jeff and his dog spent the rest of the day playing fetch!
Heather lived at the top of a mountain. Weather reports predicted heavy mudslides from an upcoming storm. To be safe, Heather checked into a hotel in the flat part of town. That night, Heather's home slid clear off the mountain in the storm. Heather was grateful she decided to stay at the hotel.
Kate washed freshly dyed jeans in the washer. She had unintentionally stained the inside of the washer. She knew she had to tell her mother. Her mother yelled and hollered for 10 minutes. Finally Kate just walked away from her yelling mother.
It was Jack's birthday and he wanted to eat a piece of birthday cake. Jack's mom purchased a birthday cake for Jack's birthday party. During the party Jack's mom brought out his birthday cake. Jack's mom covered the cake in lit candles and jack blew them out. Jack's mom cut him a slice of cake and Jack was happy.
The house next door was abandoned. No one had lived there for months. The kids down the block had broken the windows on the porch. Gina's sister climbed through the window. She cut herself on the glass when she climbed back out.
Ian had spent all of last day working on a project. He was trying to install his own solar panels. The process took all day. But he got it done before night fell. Now his energy bill has dropped significantly.
My friend Bob's daughter T came up to visit him last week. She lives in TN but used to live in Boston. Bob rented a car for T to get around. One day Bob was in the car when T cut off three people. Bob argued with T as he found she was not taking her bipolar meds.
A man wanted to increase his intelligence. He took up reading voraciously. He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature. He soon became very knowledgeable and intelligent. He knew he had increased his intelligence by reading many books.
Kerry and Tony were on their way to work. Tony heard a loud buzzing noise in his ear. It was a bee! Kerry pulled the car over and they both got out. They stood there until the bee flew out the window.
I was walking my dog in public. A small cat walked across the street. My dog noticed the cat and became tense. He started to bark although the cat was far. I had to aggressively hold the leash to prevent him from running away.
Joan went to the movies. She was going to meet her friend Lynn. Lynn was late for their meetings. Joan and Lynn bought their tickets. The girls missed the first part of the movie.
Becky heard a noise outside her window. She was scared and couldn't sleep. Becky went tell her parents about the noise. Her father came to see what was making the noise. A tree branch was scraping the window.
We heard a thumping coming from the dryer during dinner. My wife checked it and called for me franticly. Our cat, Buttercup, had got into the dryer and gone through the cycle! I took the cat to the vet and they told me that she might not make it. But luckily, Buttercup beat the odds and we renamed her 'Dryer Kitty'.
I went to the park to paint a picture. I set up my easel and everything. But then it started to rain. All my paints were ruined. Now I'll have to go out and buy more.
Sasha's mom and dad had to go to a meeting. She stayed at her grandma's house that day. Sasha missed her mom and dad a lot. Sasha's grandma had an idea. Her grandma let Sasha talk to her mom and dad on the video phone.
Ansel loved taking photos of people. He would sit on a park bench and snap away. Sometimes, he would ask if they would pose. Other times, they were candid photos. Ansel loved photography.
Stephanie and her boyfriend went hiking in a nearby nature preserve. Her boyfriend told her he had packed a map. As they walked for hours she felt they were going in circles. Her boyfriend said he was following the park map perfectly. She looked for herself and discovered the map was for another park.
Kitty the cat mewed at the door for what seemed like ten minutes. Bob walked over to the door to open it for him. She just looked at him with wide, innocent eyes. Then, she walked over to his favorite chair and sat down. Bob irritatedly picked her up, and put her out anyway.
A man was stressed out over money. He decided to commit to 60 hour work weeks and spending very little. He saw his bank account grow. He felt much less stressed. He became financially sound and much happier.
Troy was always on the bench during his baseball games. One day, his coach decided to put him in. Waiting to bat, Troy became nervous. The ball flew at him through the air. Troy hit the ball out of the park.
Danny loved to play with his puppy in the woods behind his house. They would run through the woods and chase each other. One day, Danny couldn't find his puppy in the woods. Danny cried as he walked back to his house. When Danny returned, his puppy was waiting for him at the door!
Nelle was supposed to babysit her nephew. But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick. Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all. She did not want to get sick herself! Nelle's aunt was unhappy, but she understood Nelle's concern.
Jordan went to the circus. Upon arrival, Jordan met a clown with a red nose. The clown asked Jordan for a hug. Jordan refused because she was afraid of the clown's red nose. Jordan never returned to the circus after this experience.
Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014. We walked across the street to the playground. She met a friend and played. Her mom took her on the slide. We had a fun time.
Kim asked her mother to buy Garbage Pail Kids. Her mother thought they were gross and she wouldn't buy them. Kim decided to wait and ask her dad instead. Her mother came in as she asked her dad and scolded her. Kim was sent to her room by her mother.
Todd was on his way to the beach. Suddenly his car began to sputter. It slowed and came to a halt. He examined the car under it's hood. Luckily he was able to bring it to life.
I started driving east from California. I wanted to get to Louisiana in four days. My car broke down in Arizona. I ate some Mexican food and went to a mechanic. When the car was fixed, I decided to stay in Arizona and eat more.
Larry was a small kid. He always got picked on. One day a bully picked him up and shook his change out. Larry had no money to eat lunch. Larry did not each lunch that day.
Paul bought a small gift for Cindy for her Birthday. He didn't spend a lot of money, but he spent a lot of time choosing. The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail. No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all. Cindy knew it was the most thoughtful gift she got that day.
Kelly was excited to get a new handbag. She searched everywhere for a black bag. She was very particular. She finally found a Marc Jacobs bag at Bloomingdales. She immediately picked it up.
I do a lot of home improvements by myself. I've started videotaping myself doing them. I edit in myself explaining the process over the video. I intend to share the videos online. I hope they can help other do-it-yourself-ers like me.
I made spaghetti last night. I went to the fridge to get my Romano cheese, which I love! To my great disappointment, I had none. I thought grated cheddar might be a replacement. I tried that and it was horrible, so I ate a hamburger instead.
A band just got back together. They played for the first time in a while. They decided they will keep with it. They just bought a practice space. They are working on new music.
The man test drove the car. The car was fast. The man liked that. He made an offer on the car. He bought the car for five thousand dollars.
Todd wanted to become a programmer. He didn't have a lot of money to go back to school. So, Todd spent months teaching himself how to code. He eventually created a phone application. It became popular and Todd now has some passive income.
Allie was nervous for the first day of school. She was afraid she would make no friends. Luckily when she got there, some nice girls came up to her. The girls complemented Allie and asked her to play. Allie was happy to make some friends.
Liam loved to paint. It was his outlet after rough days at his new school. He painted every chance he could. His house was covered in his artwork. Liam's many paintings made his home look like a museum.
Bob wanted to up his own restaurant after graduating culinary school. With the help of his friends he came up with the money needed. He started out with only 5 dishes on his menu. Gradually his business began to grow over the years. His restaurant is now considered one of the best in the state.
Tina was using her favorite headphones. She used them daily. Then all the sudden she broke them. She couldn't even find a replacement. Tina was pretty bummed about it.
The neighbors all gathered together. They were going to have a cookout. They grilled food and sat around the campfire. The kids played in the yard. They all liked living in a close-knit neighborhood.
Rob asked Mary if she had locked the door numerous times. She kept saying she had. Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone. No forced entry meant the door was unlocked. Now Mary has to buy a new television.
I just started trying to get my son to sleep in his crib. He did not like it much. He cried and cried for me. I sat close to his bed without saying a word. He finally fell asleep after an hour.
Jeff called his insurance company to file a claim. He waited 30 minutes for a person to speak with. He had a hard time hearing what the other man was saying. The other man began to shout into the phone to be heard. Jeff hung up on the insurance agent for being loud.
Rita was very far along in her pregnancy. One day, she woke up in the middle of the night in pain. Rita's water had broken and it was time to go to the hospital. Everyone rushed around, catering to Rita as she gave birth. Three hours later, Rita's baby boy John was born.
Joe went to the beach with his family. It was a chilly day. Joe stood on some rocks watching the waves. A huge wave hit the rock and shot water high above the rocks. Joe  got drenched.
Tim was house sitting. He was a bit of a slacker. He forgot to feed the plants. The house owners were upset. They paid Tim less.
Tina had a daughter that was out of control. Any thing Tina told her to do, she did the opposite. Tina married a stern man, named Jim. Tina's daughter listened to Jim. Tina was very happy.
Ben bought a new pair of shoes from the mall. He took the shoes to school the next day. A group of guys surrounded him when they noticed. They tried to steal it from him. He lost his shoes and walked barefoot all day.
Alex bought a pet snake today. His mom was very upset and did not want it in the house. She said that Alex can keep in a tank outside in the garage. Alex obeyed and set up the snake in the garage. For the rest of the year Alex's mom didn't go into the garage.
Anna bought a large snake as a pet. To feed it, she went to the pet store. There she purchased a dozen crickets and took them home. But then she dropped the bag and all the crickets escaped! Anna's snake didn't end up eating that day after all.
Stan was bored one day and tried to better rearrange the alphabet. He put the vowels at the start and all the useless letters at the end. In the middle put his favorite letters in order of favoriteness. He then made a song to better memorize his order. Everyone loved the song but was too attached to the original.
A packaging foam salesman tried to show off his great product. He set up a pad of foam and jumped off a building on to it. Spectators were amazed when he wasn't hurt from the fall. People bought the foam without the intent to use it for shipping. Everyone set up their own pads and jumped off their house on to it.
Bo went to his boss to ask for advice on a project. Bo's boss was too busy to help Bo at the moment. The boss suggested that he ask another supervisor. Bo said that he did not know the other supervisor. The boss sent an email to the other supervisor for Bo.
Tony loves music. He learns how to play several instruments at a young age. He spends all his free time listening to and playing music. Tony goes to college for music production. Tony is now a famous music producer.
Jake and his neighbor tom lived in a desert area. They had a friendly competition to save water. Whoever had the highest bill at the end of the month bought lunch. Jake decided to make a rain catching system to save water. Jake didn't know that his neighbor had built a rain catcher too.
Jasper had planned his trip to California carefully. Every day was filled with new exciting things to discover. When he had a chance to changed his schedule, he refused. He continued his trip without changing anything. Once he got back home, he regretted not having taken any chance.
Baker wanted to eat his dinner but the light wasn't working. It was very dark so he really needed the light. He searched for hours and finally found a candle. After he also found matches, he lit the candle. Then he enjoyed his dinner happily.
Nikki wanted to make pizza at home. She wasn't good at kneading dough though. She bought herself a standing mixer at the store. She now doesn't have to knead the dough. She is very happy with her mixer.
There was a very powerful women. The women married a powerful man. The couple decided to have a child. Once the child was born they named it. The name was Ariel,  after the mermaid.
Joel owned a restaurant. He hired a cook that didn't care about his work. The cook didn't clean after himself. The kitchen was a mess. Joel's restaurant got closed by the board of health.
I got a weird email this morning from a friend. I was hesitant to open it but it seemed to reference a project. It had an attachment but I didn't open it. I opened the email and read the contents and it seemed harmless. Just got word that several friends received suspicious emails from me.
Tom had a fancy event to go to. He had to wear a suit and tie. He rented all of it. Unfortunately he didn't know how to tie a tie. Tom had to look online to figure it out.
Signing up for clown school had seemed a fun idea. Henry had not known what hard work it would be. The first trick he had to learn was juggling. He had several bruises on his feet from dropping bowling pins. However, after a week of practice, Henry was a juggling genius.
I came into the barber shop around noon. My barber saw me and told me to come. After covering my clothes with a sheet, he started to cut my hair. The clippers he was using ended up falling from his hands. The top of my head was shaved off unevenly.
Caden is playing football tonight. He is went out of town to an away game. During the second quarter Caden saw the ball coming his way. He caught the football and ran as fast as he could. Caden ran twenty yards before he was tackled.
Carlos was at the aquarium with his girlfriend. They were on a date. They spent hours looking at all the different fish. Then they had dinner at a nearby restaurant. His girlfriend was very happy and gave him a hug afterwards.
I dug a hole in my backyard to make my own well. I dug for hours but I was not close enough to any water. I had to call a drilling company to finish the job. The were able to dig much further than I was. The company gave my a deal because I did half the work.
Amy loved commercials. She loved them more than the shows they played during. She saw a commercial for a new cereal. She asked her mom for the cereal. She was elated when her mom brought the cereal the next day.
Mike and Molly washed up on shore. They started to search for food, and look at the island. They found some coconuts, and saved them for later. Worried about if they would get saved, they cried heavily. But they got together and promised to stick together and make it home.
Nate fell down and scraped his knee really bad. His mother cleaned up the knee and put a band aid on it. Nate went back outside to play and took off the band aid. When his mother noticed she asked Nate why he took his band aid off. Nate told his mom it made him look tough.
The child suffered abuse. The child got counseling. The child wanted to help other children when he grew up. He became a counselor. He helped other children who suffered abuse.
Matt struggled in his attempt to become a comedian. One day he was offered a job at a radio station. Unfortunately, Matt's radio show was not funny or popular. Matt eventually got fired. Despondent, Matt quit comedy and got a job at a shoe store.
The driver tried to make a large turn on the highway. The wheels ended up spinning off course. Therefore, the driver landed in a lake. The car couldn't move since it was in the water. Luckily, the driver came out of the lake safely.
I found out my father had cancer the other day. He called me on the phone and sounded very down. I asked a bunch of question but all I know is that he's sick. He assured me that it's not a particularly bad kind. Even after being assured it's not the end I knew it will be sometime.
Charlie swept the floor happily. He liked getting all the dirt off it and making it very clean. Charlie's coworkers made him a special sticker to put on his chest. It said he was a very special person who did a very special job. It made Charlie want to sweep the floor even better!
Kate wanted to watch a TV show. But her nephew was playing the Xbox on the TV. It was the only TV she could use in the house. But the boy was playing online with friends. Kate decided to wait until he finished his game.
I decided to paint my garage door. Yesterday, I bought some paint. I asked the paint salesman to match the paint to my house. The salesman matched the paint perfectly. The door will look amazing when it is done being painted.
I used to collect Beanie Babies. I went out with my mom searching for rare ones. We even got a book that listed investment values for the Beanies. After a few years no one cared about them. Now they are still worth about the price we paid, or less.
Sally really wanted some donuts when she woke up. She decided to go to her local bakery down the street. While walking along she remembered she left her money at home. After heading back to get the money she had really gotten hungry. She bought a dozen donuts when she made it to the store.
My friends were taking me rock climbing. I told them that I didn't know how to rock climb. They took me to a practice wall in an arcade. I practiced for a whole day. The next day, I went to the real rock wall and climbed it very well.
Fred wanted ice cream. He drove to an ice cream shop. He ordered two scoops of chocolate. On top, he asked for some candy bits. He took his ice cream and ate it.
Ben grew up in the United Kingdom. He grew up playing soccer and always wanted to play professional. He was not able to make it to the pro's. Ben decided to pursue coaching instead. He moved to the United States and became a famous soccer coach.
A journalist loses his job, when not telling the truth in his story. His identity was stolen by someone who was on a murder trial. The man was accused of murdering his own family. Sence matters couldn't get any worse, he went to speak to the man. Hoping to rebuild his shattered life, He listens to the man's story.
Carl went to the casino to see a show. On the way to the theater he passed the roulette table. The pit boss suggested that Carl take a chance and play. Carl put down $5 on red. The ball came up black and Carl felt terrible.
Hari decided to travel to Canada. He filed for a visa. His visa was accepted. Hari packed his bags and flew to Canada. He had a wonderful time traveling in Canada!
Tom wanted to take his new girlfriend Haley camping. Haley wasn't really the type to go camping. She didn't want to disappoint Tom so she went anyway. Haley brushed against bushes that turned out to be poison ivy. Tom felt bad and Haley decided to always tell Tom the truth.
Tommy was sleeping. He then woke up and he saw something. It looked like a ghost. He blinked his eyes and it disappeared. He then woke up again.
Jake walked along the barbed wire fence. He came upon a gaping hole in the wires. He saw his cow Bessie roaming along the road up yonder. He called to her in a soothing voice. When she was back within the fence, he got to work mending it.
Skip was envious of his cousins birthright to be king. He would go through the singing and yelling. How can he be king. He's just a kid. Skip eventually accepted it and his cousin became king.
Gordy had a chess tournament coming up. He and his team practiced every day after school. He was nervous going into the tournament. Gordy won most of his games, but not all. Gordy came out third place in the tournament.
Tom was preparing to leave his home to buy food. He was looking for his wallet. This stressed him out. He eventually found it. He was relieved, and was able to purchase his food.
Brownie was a happy dog, a pekingese who looked like a mop. One day, Brownie started going blind. Brownie walked into a wall, hurting his nose. He was never able to smell food again. Brownie still ate healthy every day, even with a broken nose.
Abby was excited about her trip to Australia. Recently, Abby discovered that she was of Aboriginal descent. Abby decided to visit Australia to visit a local Aboriginal village. In addition, Abby hoped she could find some of her family members. Abby could no wait to visit her new found Aboriginal family abroad.
I played the boxing game on nintendo. Every day after school, I competed with my brother. He was better than I was and got a lot further. One day I beat him at the game. He was angry and refused to speak to me.
The man delivered a package. It went to the wrong address. The customer called customer service. They sent another package. The man realized his mistake while delivering that package.
Josh dropped his phone on the concrete. The screen on his phone was shattered. Josh decided that it was time for a new phone. He went to the store to look at all his options. Josh bought a new phone.
Ray took his dog to a dog park. But Ray began to feel hungry. He took out a sandwich be brought and began to eat. But another dog bit the sandwich out of his hands. Ray, however, had a good attitude about it.
Philip had been trying to impress his father in law for years. Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating, in fact. But nothing seemed to work. Then Philip found out his father in law loved watching dog shows. Phillip bought him tickets for one, and hoped they would bond.
Travelling to Canada was always a goal for Sam. He saved his money and after a couple years he was able to do it. He went in the winter and thought it was very pretty. He loved strolling in town and spending time at coffee shops. He enjoyed it so much that he did it every year after that trip!
Kelli decided to try the bacon cookies that were on sale at the store. The store was full of them. She paid the money and took them home. As she went and tasted them they tasted disgusting. She now knew why they were on sale in the first place.
Timmy was getting ready for his afternoon snack. He sat at the table, and waited for his mom. She brought him a plate and some string cheese. Timmy was sick of string cheese and begged for a different snack. His mom then brought him carrots.
Sam had to wait to watch the last installment of a detective show. His girlfriend watched it without him. She vowed to keep the ending a secret. That night, Sam's girlfriend dreamt about the program. She awakened Sam by suddenly blurting out the ending.
Hector was being babysat while his mom was out. He was having fun with his toys when someone arrived. The babysitter had let her boyfriend in. Hector knew it was against the rules and told his parents. Luckily the girl got into trouble.
I slept under a tree last night. It gave me shelter from the rain. Its branches weren't as strong as they appeared. One branch broke off and hit me on the head. Now I have a terrible headache.
Carson's mother made him some hot chocolate as a treat. She warned him to wait five minutes for it to cool down. Carson could barely wait one minute! He drank the very hot chocolate. When he burned his tongue, he realized his mother had been right.
My best friend was getting married. I needed to get a tuxedo. I went to the most expensive store in the mall. They fitted me with a wonderful tuxedo. My friend got mad because I looked better than him during the wedding.
I drove out to visit my mom who lives in a nursing home. She was sitting in the office with the nurses when I got there. She told me she was working and could not stop and visit with me. The nurse told her she could take a break to go visit with me. We looked at pictures until suppertime and I had to leave.
Mike moved into his parents house after his house was destroyed. His parents were very inviting while Mike looked for a new home. Mike looked all over his city for an affordable home. Mike couldn't find anywhere to live, so he had to look in a new state. Mike packed his bags and then left his parents home to go far away.
All of Aaron's friends were big on drugs. Aaron wanted to steer clear of it. They started pressuring him to snort some cocaine. Aaron declined but they forced him to. After that, Aaron realized they weren't true friends.
There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment. He appeared to be panicking greatly. Then I saw what he was running from, a giant snake! The snake was intent on catching the squirrel for dinner. Luckily the squirrel made it up a tree before the snake caught him.
Allie was suffering from very dry hair. She didn't know what to do. Her friend suggested she use an egg mask. Allie tried it. To her surprise it really worked for her.
Jerry lived in a small duplex with a shared wall. His neighbors were very loud. Jerry would often have to ask them to be quiet at nights. One night Jerry got so upset he called the cops. Jerry's neighbors were very quiet after that night.
Natalie loved shopping and usually spent too much money. She found a great pair of shoes. She took them to the register and swiped her card. It was declined. Natalie was so bummed that she had to put the shoes back.
I saw The Sting in 1973. When I was in the lobby I saw a high school classmate was the usher. He let me in for free but I had to go in just as the movie was ending. Thus, I saw the surprise ending first. I still liked the movie.
Tom found an old case of cookies. He thought to offer them to his roommates. He didn't tell them they were stale. The friends ate them enthusiastically. Tom laughed to himself.
Lisa jumped, startled by a sound. She had to stop reading mysteries late at night. Nothing, not even Mozart, was helping her sleep. In desperation, she grabbed milk and cookies from the kitchen. In minutes, she felt calmer and fell fast asleep.
A husband went abroad. He told his wife he would not drink. The first thing he did was drink however. Somehow his wife found out. And she didn't talk to him for a month for it.
Sam's computer broke down. His aunt gave him her old laptop. It was really outdated and slow. Sam tried to make it work better. Unfortunately it was too old to truly fix.
I used my ruined treehouse to build a fort. I only had to buy six more boards. These I buried in the ground as supports. Then I constructed a house out of the old wood. The new fort is twice as good as the old treehouse.
Amelia had an old brown chair, but she wanted it to be pink. She asked her mom if she could have a pink chair instead. Amelia's mom told her that they could paint the chair pink. They went to the store and bought a beautiful pink paint. After it was painted, Amelia loved her new pink chair!
The children gathered at recess. They were trying to decide what to play. Marie suggested they play tag. Marie chose Johnny to be it and at once the game started. The children ran away from Johnny as he began chasing them.
Matt was a troubled lawyer fascinated with Egypt. Somehow he had acquired an actual mummy. Bad luck seemed to have followed him ever since. He used his law connections to deed it to a museum. The nightmares stopped almost immediately.
Natalie is a gymnast. She exercises every day and trains for gymnastics. This year is the Olympics. She tries out for the Olympic team. Natalie makes the Olympic team and will be competing for the US.
Holding my sweet baby boy I knew something was wrong. He wouldn't stop crying and when he did I was unable to move. I had that feeling of unease, like my life was not satisfying enough. Thoughts of what his life would be like without me crossed my mind. I picked up the phone and dialed for help.
Derrick had a drug warrant and ran away from the police. But he didn't run far. In a motel parking lot he threw his hands up and gave up. But the officers beat him bloody and unconscious. All five officers resigned, but Derrick has a lot of broken bones.
The Smith family decided to drive to Colorado. They drove through the mountains. They went through a couple of tunnels. The kids really liked them. They decided they would drive back the same way.
Hal bought a new wallet. He was so happy, he put it inside his pocket right away. When he arrived at the bank, he realized it was empty. He had to go back home. And he transferred all his papers and money in his new wallet.
Dan wanted to paint his front door a bold color. Dan decided to paint his door a bright green color. Dan's neighbors were not pleased with the color, and complained. After several complaints, Dan decided to paint the door brown. Dan was sad he could not keep his bold colored door.
Sarah woke early to do her chores around the house. Sarah was cleaning a counter and broke her new cookie jar. Sarah cleaned up the pieces was still very upset. Sarah's husband called and she told him what happened. Sarah's husband came home with flowers to cheer her up.
Jessica went on a trip to Arkansas with some family in friends. While there, they decided to visit a zoo. This zoo had more animals than Jessica had ever seen before. While walking past the monkey exhibit, Jessica noticed something odd. The monkey was doing cartwheels across its cage.
Gary loved to go camping. He even rapped his own small game like rabbits. Once Gary caught a ground squirrel and ate it. Gary didn't know the squirrel had black plague. Gary had to go massive medical treatment for his illness.
Kimmy was getting her ears pierced. She wasn't afraid at all. Until she sat in the chair! They gave her a teddy bear to hug while they pierced her ears. It hurt a little, but it was over fast.
Last night I decided to cook dinner for my boyfriend. His favorite was pasta so I cooked it. I also made bread. The pasta came out good, but I burnt the toast. My boyfriend still liked it.
My female cat is very friendly to male cats. One day, I realized she wasn't inside the house. I went searching outside, and found her with a male cat. She was kissing him in the lips! I scooped her up and rushed her inside.
Jessie was interested in learning to paint. Her friend told her about a painting class. Jessie signed up for the painting class. She learned a lot of painting techniques. Jessie became a better painter.
The Smiths went to the shelter to pick out their new dog. They viewed a lot of different dogs, but none seemed right for them. Finally, the last dog in the whole shelter came up to them and barked. They smiled at him and realized he was the right dog for them. They took him home and he lived there happily with them.
Simon's boss put a dozen donuts in the break room for his employees. Simon's mouth watered as looked at the chocolate glazed donut. Just as he reached for it, his coworker grabbed it. His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away. Simon didn't like the other flavors, so he didn't have a donut.
Before I go to bed, I clean up my sofa. I try to make sure nothing is on it. That involves folding my blanket if it has been used. My cat immediately jumps on the blanket after it is folded. It is my cat's favorite place to lay.
The one fight I've gotten into, I started it. I felt very betrayed by a friend. I ended up punching her in her face on campus. Later, I regretted hurting her. But at the same time, I felt she deserved my punch.
Ellie and her friends went to the beach yesterday. When they got near they water, they put their feet in. The water was amazing. However to their surprise the wave overtook them. The girls got their clothing soaked.
Patrick loves dogs. He would love to own one. Unfortunately he is not allowed to have one in his apartment. He decided to start a dog-walking business because of this. Now Patrick is very happy walking dogs every day.
Tony's freezer had broken. All the items in the freezer had defrosted. Tony had to throw away all the food that had gone bad. Tony called a repairman. The repairman fixed the freezer.
Bonnie loved everything about the rainy. She particularly liked the smell and sound of it. But she lived in a dry west coast city. One summer she visited Seattle. There she got all the rainy she could possibly desire.
Don was four years old. He wanted to ride in a baby stroller. He could no longer fit in the stroller. This made him angry. He cried because he does not want to keep growing.
Little Timmy wanted to grow up to be a race car driver. He always dreamed of joining F1 racing. On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars. He loved them. He still plays with them to this day.
Mavis was typing a letter to his daughter in Baltimore. She then grimaced and held her hands. Her hands had cramped up. Mavis was very sad because typing was her life. She went to the store and bought voice recognition software.
Jack was very hungry after work. On the ride home, he pondered what to eat for dinner. He settled on eating out. Before heading home, he went to a restaurant near his house. There he enjoyed a fantastic meal.
I was attending class one day. Suddenly, we noticed that it began to snow very hard. Our teacher told us to be calm and called the principal. Shortly after, the principal's voice came over the intercom. She told us that we would be let off school early to avoid any danger.
Linda bought a turkey farm. She'd never raised anything before, but had confidence in herself. The barn was huge, and the turkeys all ran around the open floor. As they began cozying up against her legs, she had only one thought. They sure were going to taste delicious!
Jamie wanted to participate in upcoming runner marathon. She started off running daily at the local park for practice. When she felt like running, further she ran city blocks. Once she felt very experienced she signed up for the race. Jamie came in fifth place after completing the race.
I had a tennis match tonight. I had practiced all week. I still missed a lot of shots. I decided I needed more practice. I lost my match.
Ida was selling her crafts at the flea market. A fellow seller approached her booth. He said he loved her paintings but had little money. Ida agreed to trade him a painting for one of his books. Both parties were very happy with their trade!
Paul's boss was always wanting him to work extra hours. However Paul was not able to do so, he had a child at home. Despite this his boss continued to press for him to work more. He decided to tell his boss what the expectation was making him feel. Surprised, his boss relented and allowed him to work as normal.
The server gave me my food. I immediately took a bite out of it. A few seconds later, I threw up on the table. When I looked into the food, I found out that it was raw. The manager gave me a refund.
Susan wanted to publish an anthology. She picked a theme. She got her friends to write on the theme. She edited all the smaller pieces together. She published it!
Beth had just gotten married to the love of her life. He surprised her with an expensive ring on their wedding day. Beth insisted on wearing the wedding ring on their honeymoon. After scuba diving, Beth realized her ring was missing. Beth replaced it with an identical ring made of glass.
Sam was finally released from jail. But he found it hard to stay out of trouble. He didn't have much money for entertainment. So he bought alcohol to forget about his troubles. But Sam ended up in jail again.
Jazmine decided to try online dating. None of the guys she met were very compatible with her. One day, she met a nice guy named Nick. They got along very well. Now, they're best friends.
I was driving on my motorcycle. The road was wet. And I fell off. At first it wouldn't restart. The fall had knocked a battery cable loose.
Jeremy had a lot of remotes for his home theater system. He couldn't find the remote for his TV, however. He looked all over the living room and under the furniture. He gave up and went to the fridge for some milk. Jeremy found his remote where he left it, in the refrigerator!
Tim lost his lighter. He thought a friend took it. Tim confronted the friend about it. The friend found it in his pocket and apologized. Tim accepted his apology.
John won tickets to a movie premier. He wasn't a big fan of the movie itself. It was still a fun experience. He took a date and she was impressed. John felt like a celebrity.
I am overweight, but wanted to compete in a 5k race. I hike regularly with my dog, but didn't think I could do it. I was nervous, but signed up for one that allowed my dog. Once there, I was able to see the many different types of people. I ended up completing the 5k and left with more confidence in myself.
Tina was overweight. She tried online dating. She put an older picture from a perfect angle. It made her look a lot thinner. Her dates were severely disappointed when they met her.
Sam was taking care of his friend's dog. He took it out for a walk. The dog got excited and ran off. Sam was unable to find the dog. His friend was very upset with him.
Walt liked working on crossword puzzles at the diner. One day he noticed the hostess working on the same puzzle. He asked her for help with his puzzle. She smiled, and gave Walt the right answer. He frequented the diner a lot before he finally asked her for a date.
Lance had a farm in the North, but he was getting older. The snow bothered him and he wanted to move south. Lacking funds, he put his farm up for auction. When it sold, he used the proceeds to move to a southern farm. Lance ended up with a warm and sunny farm in Florida!
Benny threw the ball to his brother. When he hit it, the ball flew high. Mary was able to catch the ball and return it. Terry ran as quickly as he can to his base. He couldn't reach there in time and was eliminated.
While visiting Houston, Julie decided to take a VIP tour of NASA. The first stop on the tour was seeing the enormous Saturn IV rockets. Next, she was able to sit in the cockpit of a space shuttle simulator. The final stop, her favorite, was a visit to historic Mission Control. The tour was amazing and fulfilled a lifelong dream for Julie.
Last week I was cleaning the house. I was vacuuming when all of a sudden I heard a loud pop. The vacuum broke. I was only able to get halfway done. I'm still looking for replacement parts online.
Linny loves tea. She would like to purchase more tea. Linny went to her local grocery store. They had a wide selection of teas. She happily purchased five kinds of tea.
One day grandma turned on her lamp. She noticed the light bulb was flickering so she called her son Adam. He came over right away to fix the lamp. He found out it was an electrical problem and changed the cord. The lamp was fixed.
Tom was a student at a large university. Tom decided to major in English literature. Upon graduation Tom could not find a job. Tom applied to many jobs with no success. Tom eventually became homeless and blamed his poor degree choice.
Paul listened to the phone to hear what was the message. The voice said that he was the forest fire station operator. The operator said that he needed Paul to come in and fight the fire. Paul agreed and put down the phone. He grabbed his keys and went out the door.
I had to write an essay for bad behavior. My teacher wanted to make sure I learned my lesson. I spent all day writing my essay. It ended up being four pages. Luckily I learned my lesson about behavior.
Anna had heard snow forecast that December day. She rushed home from school, hoping to play in it. Happily, the flakes began to flutter down around five PM. Anna and her neighbors got to frolic in it for hours! Then they went in for dinner, eager to warm up!
Rex and his brother Drake bought a new video game to play. Usually they would beat a whole game within the day of getting it. This game was a little different than the others. It had been weeks and the boys still couldn't make it to level 2. So instead they took the game outside and played frisbee disc with it.
Kevin had a bunny rabbit named Peter. One day Peter escaped from his cage. Kevin looked all around for his pet but couldn't find it. When Kevin finally gave up he started to cry. Peter came jumping through the doggy door and Kevin was happy.
Jeter loved to make money. He decided he would work overtime at his job. Jeter worked for a day straight. Now Jeter has lots of money. With his money Jeter impresses girls every day!
Candy loves Russell, but Russell doesn't give her money. Candy thinks Russell should give her everything she wants. She asked Russell for an allowance and a credit card. Russell said he wasn't going to spoil her. But Candy said he had to share wealth or she was leaving.
Friday night football is very popular in the south. I lived in Alabama and everyone in the community was at the games. It was a time for socializing as well as supporting the team. Many people that were previous Alumni drove hours to attend. Those were very fun and memorable times for sure!
Lagertha didn't like being told what to do. Her mother told her to clean her room. Lagertha refused, and went outside to play with her friends. When she returned at dusk, there was candy and roast lamb to eat. Her mother forbid her to have any though, and sent her to her room.
Ava wanted a new pair of jeans. She found a coupon for 25% off of her favorite store. She tried on lots of pairs. She found the perfect pair! They looked and felt great, so she bought them.
Ben wished he had stopped at that last town for gas. He decided to pull off the main highway and look for another town. His car sputtered a little as he pulled into an empty town. A local directed him to a station a mile up the road. Ben was relieved when he arrived and was able to fill up his car.
Charles' wife noticed he was addicted to meatball sandwiches. At dinner she asked Charles how he got addicted to meatball subs. Charles said he ordered a meatball sub at an Italian shop Year's back. The sub was so delicious Charles was taken by surprise. Charles has been addicted to meatball subs ever since.
Duke wanted to play football on his birthday. Ellen wanted Duke to go to a movie with her. Ellen told Duke he could play football after the movie. Duke told Ellen they could see a movie after football. Duke and Ellen decided to go see a movie about football.
Dave examined his glass. There was a little bug floating around in his water. Dave drunk the bug. He felt it trying to crawl up his throat. Dave swallowed and the bug fell down his throat.
Todd was going to a baseball game with his family. He had never been to a professional baseball game before. They arrived at the stadium. Todd was excited. He had an amazing time and even caught a foul ball.
Michael was walking across his living room. Suddenly, he tripped on his computer cord. He fell over. His foot also made the cord yank and his laptop fell off of the table. Luckily, the laptop was okay.
My coworker Sally bought a motorcycle in 2006. She did it on impulse. One day she was on the road, and the motorcycle stalled. She jumped off the bike and could not right it. The next year she sold the motorcycle on Craigslist.
Diana liked to do her reading for her classes. She made sure to highlight the important phrases. WHen she was done with a class, her textbook was completely marked up. It was bad for their resale, but she didn't care. She just liked to keep them on a shelf to read them over and over.
Jim loved big trucks. His dad took him to a monster truck show. It was loud and intense. Jim loved every minute of it. He begged to go to more.
Jeff is a truck driver. He works in the western region of the United States. After 15 years, he still requests to drive in the east. One day, Jeff snapped from the boredom of his usual route. Jeff quit and drove the truck across the country towards the east.
I was asleep on the easy chair this morning. My wife woke me up at 8:30. My daughter wanted us to face time with our granddaughter. They live 235 miles away from us. We had a great time talking to our one year old granddaughter.
The chef knew tonight would be a busy night. One hundred diners were visiting the restaurant. The chef worked his helpers very hard. They served all their guests delicious food in a timely manner. They all felt good for a job well done.
The new tv was a smart unit. It had all the boy's favorite apps on it. He was excited to see netflix already there. He logged in almost immediately. He watched anime cartoons all afternoon.
Bree was laying in bed when her dog began to bark. She knew that she needed to take him outside. She was so comfortable and didn't want to get up. Instead, she bribed her sister to do it. Her sister took the dog out and Bree enjoyed her sleep.
The Martin family went to get their Christmas tree. The tree lot had just put out fresh trees. They picked one out and brought it home. They decorated the tree together. While decorating they sang the carol O Christmas Tree.
Anna was making Kool-Aid for her kids. But she ran short on sugar! She added all she had and hoped for the best. The kids loved it, to her shock! Anna had found a healthier way to give her kids drinks!
Morgan was picking out a present for her mom. She found the perfect coffee mug. She bought it and took it home. Morgan wrapped up the mug and wrote a nice note. She couldn't wait to give it to her mom!
Jon came down with a bad cold one night. He went to bed, but slept quite fitfully. The next night, he slept even worse. He decided to try cleaning out his nose before bed the third night. It was traumatic and gross, but it did the trick.
My daughter went to Boston College in 2003. She spilled coke over her laptop in her freshman year. My brother tried to fix it and failed. I bought her a new laptop. She never put any coke near the laptop again.
Our fig bush is getting big. It has more figs on it than we can eat. Fresh figs don't last very long before they spoil. We don't like for our food to go to waste. We decided to dehydrate our figs so we could enjoy them later.
Jody had to get rid of her old car due to engine problems. She ended up buying a new red car at a local car lot. She has owned and used this car for over a year. Fortunately it has not had any major problems so far. Jody is very happy with her new car.
My friends and I woke up early and piled into my Thunderbird. We drove an hour to get to the newly built mall in the big city. We spent the day perusing the pretty stores and shopping. We ate in the food court, ordering chicken sandwiches and fries. We drove back home laughing and talking about our day.
Melvin had a house next to a white, sandy beach. One August an oil tanker spilled oil into the gulf waters. A few days later there was tar and oil covering the white beaches. Melvin tried to clean up as much of the beach as he could. He was disappointed that the oil had ruined the beach.
Linda has been having problems with her sixteen year old daughter. Linda is saying her teenage daughter is too smart for her age. Last weekend, her daughter went out to have a good time. But she stayed out past her curfew. He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she didn't leave.
Nobody in the family could agree on the best temperature in the house. Dad was too cold, Mom was too warm, and the kids also could not agree. Dad and Mom decided it was time to have zoned thermostats installed. Now, each room can have its own temperature setting. This makes it easier for people to feel comfortable in the house.
John needed to get milk at the grocery store. He drove to the store and began making his way to the dairy aisle. John saw other items that he wanted to buy. He ended up filling his cart with groceries. After he returned home, John realized that he forgot to buy milk.
Alan took his clothes to a laundry service. Then he returned to pick them up. They said they had lost his clothes! Alan was angry and unhappy. They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes.
Susie wanted to get some lipstick. She went out and got some. She put it on and loved it. Yet no one else did. She started rethinking that choice.
Kyle wanted to go to a concert on the weekend. His mom said he could go if he cleaned his room. It was a disaster! But Kyle agreed, then strove diligently to scour it. And that weekend, he got to go to the concert!
Maude always used old maps to find her way while driving. But this time she couldn't find her target. Maude pulled her phone and found the location using GPS. And as she exited her car, she threw her old map away. From now on, she'd use her phone to find her way.
Raimy wanted to buy a new car. One that he had seen in so many movies. So he saved money, but couldn't afford the car he wanted. So he got another slightly smaller slightly older car. He was happy with his choice.
John decided to take his wife out on a date. John made reservations at her favorite restaurant. John bought advanced tickets to a show. John drove home, excited to tell his wife about his plans. He was disappointed to find her in bed, with a 102 fever and barf bag.
Judy loves lemonade. She decided to start a lemonade stand. Everyone loved Judy's lemonade. Her lemonade sold out in the first hour. Judy was very happy with her success.
Randy had always been awful with directions. To remedy this, he purchased a compass. He felt good always knowing which direction he was headed. It wasn't long before he was making his way around town comfortably. He felt very smart about his decision to buy the compass later on.
The neighbor's dog chases Jill's cat up a tree. The dog goes away but the cat is too scared to come down. Jill calls the police to report her issue. The police send the fire department to Jill's house. Jill is grateful when the fire department rescues her cat.
Harry loved teasing the cat with the new laser pointer. Soon after his mom bought it, neither he nor the cat could get enough. The cat would chase the red spot darting across every bit of the room. But maybe Harry should have learned a little bit more restraint. His mom wasn't happy after he shined the spot on her precious vase.
Charles went months without a job. Most of his meals came from churches giving free meals. Finally, an employer hired him. When he received his first check, he went looking for a place to eat. He ate in a Chinese food restaurant and claimed they were the best.
Rita wanted a new hair color. She went to her favorite stylist. When she was done she looked in the mirror. Rita was horrified. Her hair was bright orange.
I work with a little girl who has some problems. Her parents want her to go to college. They want her to prepare by becoming proficient in computers. She is not able to log in or type. She does, however, love playing games on the computer.
A policeman said there had been a lot of burglaries in the area. He advised I watch at night so as to be able to ID the burglar. So I stayed up all night and just watched outside. I saw the bugler and made a sketch of his face. I identified the burglar in a police lineup and now he' in jail.
Carol couldn't get her wireless speaker to charge. She tried repeatedly connecting to the docking station to no avail. Finally Carol gave up and asked her roommate, Ginger, to help. Ginger took one look at it and laughed. Carol had forgotten to plug it in.
I need to make a poster for my event. It will be put up in the lobby of my apartment building. I found some poster paper at a craft store. I already had a set of markers, though. Unfortunately I just discovered that the markers have no ink.
Sally was so nervous about her first day at the new school. She sat down next to a girl with blonde hair. Her name was Lisa. They talked all day at school. Lisa made Sally's first day at the new school so much easier.
The park ranger saw something in the distance. He rushed over and saw a rhino, dead. A poacher had slaughtered it. The ranger called for backup. They were determined to catch the bad person.
Becky entered a contest. She did not think she would win. She had forgotten she had entered. She got a call a month later. She had won a new car.
Her shirt said Kiss Me I'm A Nerd for nerd day homecoming week. He was the only one that offered to kiss her, and she accepted. His friends said she was too hot for him, so he never asked her out. She saved the last slow dance at homecoming for him, and it was nice. He never asked her out and never knew she liked him back.
Carl likes fixing cars. He just finished repairing and restoring an antique sports car. He proudly enters it in a local car show for antique vehicles. Carl wins a cash prize for his hard work! Now Carl has enough money to buy another antique car to restore.
Joan knew she had a problem with saying no. Joan's sister said she needed assertiveness training. One day, Joan was too busy to talk to a telemarketer. She heard herself saying no to the sales pitch. Now, Joan practices saying no daily to telemarketers.
Ms. Brown prepared several arts in crafts for the kids to work on. Tina took a paper plate with macaroni and glue. She was trying to glue pieces together to make a face. I volunteered inside the classroom. One of the kids asked for my help to make a paper plane.
Jane's car was acting funny. Her brakes were out! She tried to stop but couldn't. She crashed into the bridge. Jane was happy it hadn't been worse.
Joey was excited that a new family was moving in next door. He took his basketball over when he saw there were two boys. The three kids went to the playground and played hoops for an hour. Joey invited them over for dinner since they hadn't unpacked boxes. The three boys became the best of friends that first day.
We had a heat wave in Boston this week. I had been reading outdoors wearing shorts. Today it rained and the temperature dropped to seventy. I wore long pants and went out, just as the weather cleared. It got up to eighty and I changed back into shorts.
Dean and Julie love to stargaze. Laying a blanket out on the ground. Dean sets up the telescope to get a better view. Julie points out the different constellations. They lay together on the blanket looking up at the stars.
Jill decided she wanted to tryout for the swim team. She started swimming every day after school for practice. The morning of the tryouts, she accidentally fell down the stairs. After 4 hours in the emergency room, she found out her leg was broken. Jill was very disappointed that she couldn't be part of the swim team.
Jack had always wanted his own dinosaur. He asked Santa Claus for one every year. He never would get one and became very sad. One day his mom took him to the local toy store. She bought him a toy dinosaur and he was very happy!
Bradley was a chef. He loved cooking and eating his food. He loved to pair his food with different wine's. He drank too much wine while cooking and got drunk. He left his oil on the stove too long and burned down the restaurant.
Today I had to go change a shift I couldn't work. I call someone on our contact list to see if they can take the shift. She responds by saying, you still work here? Turns out the manager fired me last week. I've been showing up and taking shifts nobody noticed.
Gina had a phone card to make long distance calls. She used the phone card to call her friend back home. Her trip out of town had gone longer than expected. On her first call she got no answer. She decided she would call back later that evening.
Jennifer wanted to get cable in her home. She called all the local companies to find the best price. When she found the best price she had it installed. The cable company came on time and hooked everything up for her. She was excited as she sat down and watcher her new programming.
George was playing at the park. He decided to play on the monkey bars. George lost his grip and slipped. He fell onto the sand under him. George bruised his elbow, but he was fine.
Tom was looking for a new house. He contacted many realtors but his dream home seemed out of reach. One day he saw an ad in the paper for a custom home builder. He worked with a man and designed his own home. Now Tom lives happily in a home he helped design and build!
Anna awoke feeling very grungy. She was running late, but she made time to shower anyways. She took a quite, harried shower. She scrubbed her body and washed her hair. She felt so much better and cleaner afterwards!
Kenny took a fishing trip with his friends. The weather was bad for the whole trip. The guys weren't able to do any fishing. They stayed in their camp playing cards and playing music. Kenny and his friends managed to still have a good time.
I was sitting in the house. The garbage started to smell. It was very bad. So I had to take it out. It still did not get rid of the smell.
Lina wanted to start a comic club at her school. She found a teacher sponsor. She made fliers to advertise the club. At the first meeting, there were loads of people who were interested. Now they have a great club.
I sell used books on amazon. Several times a month, I have to review pricing. I adjust pricing or close listings based on the market. Today I had to close ten listings. The used book market is very competitive.
Oswald sold oranges on the side of the road. He loved his job and he didn't care that he hardly made any money. Oswald loved oranges. His favorite part was seeing how happy his oranges made people. At the end of the day he would count smiles not money.
Jimmy was watching his daughter for the week. She wanted to dress up but Jimmy didn't know how to do hair. He scoured dozens of videos online for advice. Finally, he decided to give it a shot. Luckily, he managed to put together something decent.
Robbie was initially thought to be an odd Boy Scout. On one camping trip, a steak went missing from the cooler. The steak was eventually found in Robbie's sleeping bag. Robbie explained that he was very hungry, having no food at home. The Boy Scout troop then pitched in to buy groceries for his family.
Steve decided he needed to become a better foul shot shooter. He set a goal to make 100 foul shots a day. Steve woke up early each morning to practice. He didn't leave the hoop until he made 100 foul shots. Steve ended each practice session feeling proud of himself.
A teacher asked her class what their favorite animal was. The class wrote down their choice on a piece of paper. One student collected all of the votes. The teacher counted them all in private. She announced that the most favorite animal was the monkey.
Adam thought it was funny Bo was so afraid of wasps. Bo had never told Adam the reason was because he is very allergic. Bo was new at school and wanted to make a good impression on Adam. So when Adam dared Bo to hit the hive with a stick Bo did it. Out came the wasps and Bo got badly stung and very sick.
Pablo was made fun of at school. Pablo did not like this. He decided to do something about it. Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game. Pablo's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again.
Cecilia is going to a party. She is unhappy with her dress. She decides to shop for a new dress. She finds the perfect one on sale! Cecilia goes to the party feeling confident.
Tyler loves to watch movies. One day, he decides to film a movie of his own. He shows all of his friends his hard work during movie night. They love his film and share it with their friends and family! Tyler is now a great filmmaker thanks to all the encouragement!
Donna breeds bulldogs. She gives them shoes to chew for fun. Many people are complaining. They do not want dogs who chew shoes. Donna had to change what she gives her puppies.
Tim was looking for a new apartment. He was advised to wait for the perfect place. He saw a few great ones, but still waited. After a month, he found a beautiful apartment in the suburbs. Tim was happy that he waited.
I found a dog sitting outside my house. I tried to get close to it to look at the tag around its neck. The dog ran away whenever I got close to it. I left some food for it outside my door. After it had eaten the food, it walked away from my house.
Rodney went to the fair very early. He wanted to try all the rides at least once. When he has tried all of them, he was hungry. He bought a corn dog and drank a soda. Rodney didn't think twice and went back in a ride and was sick.
Jessie was working on a project for school. The project was due the next day. Jessie was tired and fell asleep while working on the project. When she woke up, it was time for school. Jessie asked her teacher for an extension.
Sue was making popcorn. She put the bag in the microwave and set the timer. However, the house started to smell of smoke. Sue ran to the microwave. Her popcorn was on fire.
Merdis didn't want to waste her vote on someone she didn't like. She went to the library to research other options. The librarian directed Merdis to the city's Election Board. They explained in detail to Merdis what her options were. Merdis decided to vote herself in as a candidate in the upcoming race.
Gloria made the best empanadas in Colombia. She got to be on television showing everyone how to make them. When the host asked her recipe, Gloria became very quiet. She refused to speak. If others knew her recipe her empanadas wouldn't be special.
My sister in law used to drop her son off at our house all the time. One time she was supposed to go to a funeral. She ended up partying in Chicago for three days. We found out through someone's Facebook post. That was the last time we said we would watch her kid.
Due to the recent rains, the grass in my yard grew very tall. My neighbor told me to cut it as it looked unsightly. I refused, so he brought out his lawnmower and cut it for me. Then he sent me a bill for $20 for the mowing job he did. I refused to pay the bill.
Paul went hiking one morning. At first he was having a great time. Then a bee stung his arm! Paul was in a lot of pain. He had to end his hike early.
Richie went to a professional football game last week. He sat in a seat located close to the field at the end zone. During one play, the home team scored a touchdown. The player who scored was excited and threw the ball into the stands. Richie caught the ball and was able to keep it as a souvenir!
Deborah loved to go shopping on Black Friday. She planned out her shopping strategy a month in advance. This year, she was hoping to get an especially great deal on a PS3. But in the tussling crowd, she was pushed over and broke her wrist. Not even the best deals were worth the hassle that year!
Mary decided not to go to school and went to the mall instead. At the mall she did some Christmas shopping. She found her mother a beautiful sweater. On Christmas day she gave her mother the sweater. Mary's mom loved the sweater.
There were many tables at the town's flea market. Ruth walked around the grounds for an hours before she found Bob. Bob was selling rare glass animals at his table. Ruth loved the way that the light shown through the animals. She bought a panda and a tiger from Bob.
Amy and a co-worker were on their lunch break. The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt. It was Amy's first time trying frozen yogurt. She was surprised how much it was like Ice Cream. Amy told all her friends to try it when they were downtown.
Tom and his son were traveling through Texas. Tom's son asked him to go to the carnival. Tom agreed with his son's request. Tom took his son to the carnival. Tom's son had a great time.
Amy thinks she can do 10 jumping jacks in 20 seconds this time. She asked Lizzy record her time with a stop watch. Lizzy agreed. Lizzy started recording the stop watch. Amy overall completed 9 jumping jacks in 20 seconds.
Julia hired a new babysitter for her one year old. She filmed the whole house with cameras, just to be safe. One night Julia returned from work, deciding to watch the footage. She saw the babysitter becoming aggressive with the baby. She reported the babysitter immediately.
The school was holding a fundraiser. They decided to have a carnival. Each teacher had a booth. The principal was in the dunk tank. The school raised over $1,000.
I couldn't understand what the teacher was talking about. She was done with the problem already. I sat there in frustration trying to figure it out. She asked everyone to get their calculators. I was so angry that I refused to get mine.
Tom needed a new pair of socks. He was a very frugal man. He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.
Maryann didn't have any plans for the day. She decided to spend all day watching netflix. She also played her 3ds. Maryann hasn't had a lazy day like this in a while. She cannot wait for the next one.
Lou had always wanted to play the guitar. Instead of buying lessons, he chose to teach himself how to play. After many months of trying, he became somewhat proficient. When he played for his friends, though, they said he was not too good. He has continued practicing since then.
My family and I wanted to go sailing once. We rented a boat and took it to the bay. We sailed for a few hours. When we came back, we ate dinner by the docks. It was a fun day, and I hope we can go again.
Kelly looked at her empty driveway. Her newspaper was supposed to have been delivered already. She called her paper boy to complain. He brought the paper to her right away. Kelly sat down with her coffee to read today's news.
Vince went for a trek in the american southwest desert. After camping for one day, Vince began to feel lost. Vince looked around, but couldn't find his way back. After a few days, he was running out of food and water. When all hope was lost, Vince found a road and followed it home.
John had an itch on his mid-back. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't reach the spot. He tried asking someone else but they refused. Then he picked up a stick and used that. Finally, he could scratch his itch!
Susie had a lot of homework to do after school on Tuesday. When her friend Jenna asked her to dinner, she debated what to do. Of course she would rather see her friend, but she also had work. She called Jenna and was honest about her work due on Wednesday. Turns out Jenna had lots of work to do too so they worked together!
Jackie tried twice to kill her husband, Digby. She spiked his cherry Lambrini with antifreeze. The police arrested her, even though her attempts had failed. Her mobile phone had all the incriminating evidence they needed. Digby remains hospitalized.
The Allen family hasn't gone on vacation in years. They decide to go to Costa Rica together. In Costa Rica they swim and surf. They have a great time. The Allen family is happy they took a vacation.
Chrissy's sister was pregnant. She wanted to host a shower. She invited her sister's friends. Then, she set up some food and games. The friends came and they had a nice party.
Samantha worked hard at her company for many years. Even though she was promoted she wasn't paid much. Samantha decided to start looking for a new job. Then her boss let her know she got a substantial raise. Samantha stopped looking for a new job.
Zack was a zoologist at the local zoo. It was his turn to feed the lion. He grabbed a big raw steak from the freezer. He placed the steak inside the cage. The lion ate the steak in a minute and was full afterwards.
Neil was visiting Israel. He joined an organized tour. They took him to many historical places. Neil learned a lot about Middle Eastern culture. He was glad he had joined a tour group!
The kids liked touring the farm. They saw a funny donkey in the field. They petted him and fed him a carrot. The donkey nuzzled them and then ran away. The kids had learned a lot about him.
I was six years old when I lost my first tooth. I had been nervous to lose it because of my cousin. He told me how much it would hurt, and I fell into an uneasy sleep. I woke up to realize there was a small bloodstain on the couch. The tooth was out, and it hadn't caused any pain!
Tom was sick. But his parents forced him to go to school. During class, he frequently got up to blow his nose. Eventually, his teacher made him stand by the tissue box. Tom was angry his parents made him attend school.
Michael was sound asleep in his bed. He awoke to a tapping sound in the night. He covered himself with his blankets and shivered in fear. Bravely, he lowered his blanket and looked towards the sound. It was just the wind blowing the tree branches against the window!
I watched the Olympics every day for the last two weeks. Now I want to grow up to be a runner like Usain Bolt and win medals. I saw that Usain drinks a lot of Gatorade. So I walked to the store and bought ten bottles! Now the only place I can run to is the bathroom.
Rose and her husband went hiking on a nature trail. One day they passed a group of teens harassing a boy. Rose's husband scared the bullies away. Rose asked the boy if he was okay. He said yes, and thanked the couple for their help.
My professor is very strict about deadlines. All lab reports have to be turned in by midnight sharp at a drop box. I thought that it would be somewhat flexible. I dropped mine into the box a few minutes late one week. I was docked an entire grade on the report.
Nancy was assigned to cook the turkey for Thanksgiving. She bought the biggest turkey she could find. She found a great recipe. She bought all the correct seasonings and a pan. Nancy went to put the turkey in the oven and it wouldn't fit!
My friends and I went to the A&P grocery store during a big sale. The store is closing, so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash. On the way out I saw that they were selling the storefront sign. I asked the manager if I could buy that too. Now I have a large A&P sign in my living room.
Keith always dreamed of being a country music star. He knew he had the voice to do it. Keith finally decided to risk it all and move to Nashville. Keith struggled for months and months in Nashville. Keith knew it would take a lot of work but his dream would come true.
Ali decided she wanted to ride a horse. At first she was scared. She decided she no longer wanted to ride a horse. The horse trainer showed her that they were not scary. Ali enjoyed learning to ride the horse.
The executive was hosting a meeting. He brought in twenty chairs for his visitors. When they arrived, they sat down at the table. The chairs all broke and the guests fell on the floor. The exec was humiliated!
Lisa was at the grocery store. She was heavily pregnant and her breath was short. While waiting in line, she began feeling light headed. Suddenly, she fainted in the store. They took her to the hospital and luckily she was okay.
I love to eat Oreos. But I'm on a diet. Then I saw a commercial for Oreo's that were thin. I rushed to the store to buy a pack. The Oreo thins taste just like the original sized ones!
Gina didn't see the bully stick out a leg. She tripped as she walked past the bully. She hit the ground hard. Her hands hit the sand first. But she wasn't able to break her fall as her face hit the sand.
Tina didn't like coffee, except for when her grandfather made it. Tina's fiance made her coffee but she didn't like it. On their wedding day, her grandfather bought her a coffee maker. It was the same coffee maker he owned. Now Tina like coffee by her grandfather and husband.
Tom lived in an old home. The home was very dusty. Tom invited company over. Everyone who came over sneezed frequently. They never returned to his home because of the excess dust.
Rocky was going through a hard time. He was in a nasty divorce with his ex wife. Rocky lost his job as well. Rocky went to court with his ex wife. The judge awarded rocky's house to his ex wife.
Ari always loved going to the zoo. Even when he was a young boy he would beg to go. One day in high school the students could make a field trip. Ari decided he would bring his school to the zoo. Everyone had fun at the zoo.
Martin wanted to buy a new pet. He researched online what kind of pet would be best for him. He eventually settled on buying a bird of some kind. He went to the pet shop the next morning. The first thing he saw there was a large hark with piercing eyes.
Amy was going getting dressed for school one morning. When she was to put on her watch she couldn't find it. She looked all over, but the watch was nowhere to be seen. Finally her mother called her to go to the bus stop. Amy sulked all the way to the stop, upset she didn't have her watch.
Tom wanted to be good at tennis. But after hours of practicing, he didn't feel like he was improving. Eventually, Tom became frustrated and quit playing tennis. But his urge to play again returned years later. And Tom regret not practicing during all of that time.
There was a checkers tournament today. My first opponent is an expert. He won two tournaments in a row without any losses. Although he's tough to beat, I concentrated on the game. Eventually, I found his weakness and beat him during the first round.
Bob loved to draw pictures of people he knew. One day, he drew a photo of his boss. It was not a flattering photo. Bob's boss saw the photo and loved it. Bob's boss heaped praise on him.
It was time for Timmy's first day of school. He was afraid because he didn't know what to expect. Timmy's mom told him how fun school would be. After that, he wasn't afraid anymore. When Timmy got home he told his mom how much fun he had at school.
Larry's dog acted like he wanted to go out. When Larry tried to let him out the dog decided not to. Without going out the dog peed the carpet. Larry got really upset. He gave up his dog the next day.
Carlos is finally cooking dinner for his girlfriend. She has always teased him for not knowing how to cook. However, Carlos has prepared to make a special stir fry for dinner. His girlfriend is amazed at how delicious the stir fry tastes. Carlos is so proud that he cooked dinner for his girlfriend.
There was the sweetest dog at the barn where Ellie rose. His name was Bear. He lived in one of the houses near the barn but always hung out there. One day Ellie heard that Bear's family moved but left him! Her mother didn't hesitate to take Bear home with them.
Anna went for a walk. She saw a red squirrell. The squirrel was very big and pretty, and Anna wanted to pet it. Anna tried to catch the squirrel. The squirrel ran away.
Leslie had to fire an employee and she was nervous. She was a new manager and never fired anyone before. She reached out to a peer and asked for advice and tips. She used the given advice and called in the employee. She was able to fire the employee with ease and she felt good after.
I recently began developing my own video game. To do so, I had to learn a lot of new skills. One of the skills I had to teach myself was C++ programming. I am thankful for the abundance of free resources online. It makes learning things free and easy and is a great asset to anyone.
The porch light came on. Steve went to the door. There was nobody there. Steve checked the sensor. A prowler jumped on him.
The couple tried to have a baby. The woman could not get pregnant. She took fertility pills. She got pregnant with twins. The couple had two babies.
Today I took my motor scooter to the gas station to fill it with gas. Once it was filled, I tried to start it. It would not start! The man at the station gave me some oil to put in it. After it was filled, it started right up!
The man cut into the tomato. The tomato was very ripe. It's juices squirted everywhere. The man threw the tomato out. He cleaned up the juices.
Beth needed to get to her office. She waved a taxi down and told the driver where to go. The driver took her to her office. The driver told her that she didn't have to pay. She decided to pay for the next person's ride instead.
My tire went flat on the freeway. I pulled over to change it. I couldn't find the spare. Luckily I had my cell phone. I called triple A and they came and helped me back on the road.
Will had seasonal allergies. He sneezed and sniffled throughout the summer. He took allergy medication daily, which helped his symptoms. One morning he forgot to take a pill, and his allergies were terrible. Will made sure to take his pill with breakfast so he wouldn't forget.
Jeff needed a break from the city life. He was planning a trip to the countryside. He figured he would go visit the lake. Jeff ended up staying and fishing at the lake. Jeff had the best time at the lake.
I was spending a week in new york. I had no transportation or money for a cab. I decided to take a subway to work. I went to the subway station and it was crowded. I rode for an hour very uncomfortably.
The man threatened to kill his enemy. His enemy took this seriously. His enemy killed him. His enemy felt bad. His enemy left a sympathetic note.
Andy and his wife had been trying to conceive a child for three years. However, after three years, their attempts to conceive did not work. Andy and his wife decided they would try to adopt a baby instead. After meeting with an adoption agency, they now had to wait. Andy was hopeful that they would get good news about adopting a baby.
Robby stopped at a gas station in a small town. There was no one in the store that he saw working. Robby looked around the store. He saw an old man passed out on the floor. Robby called an ambulance to help the man.
Dan's son Alex was sick. Alex vomited all over the couch. After putting Alex to bed Dan had to clean the couch. He cleaned and cleaned but it still smelled of vomit. He ended up spraying Febreeze to mask the scent.
I really want to learn how to rollerblade. My friend Mark is an amazing rollerblader. I asked him if he would teach me and he said yes. I bought my own rollerblades the other day. I can't wait to learn how to rollerblade.
Jenny's uncle invited her to gather eggs on the farm. Jenny was delighted to find some speckled green hen eggs. She put a pretty speckled egg in her pocket for her box of treasures. Later, Jenny showed the box of treasures to her friend. The egg broke as the friend held it up, spilling out a stinky mess.
Sarah's mother told her it might rain. She looked outside. She didn't see a cloud in sight. So she left without her umbrella. Then it started to rain!
I tried serving sweet potato fries to my family. None of them liked them at all. They left most of them on their plates. We talked about it and decided to go out for dinner instead. We went and picked up some fried chicken.
The fall band concert was tonight. Nicole hadn't practiced the musical piece they would play. She decided she would just pretend to play the trumpet. During the concert she thought she had fooled everyone. After the concert her band teacher reprimanded her for not playing.
Susie and tom were having a bad relationship. Every day was a fight. Susie had enough of it. She decided to break up with him. The two never spoke again.
Jim's brother was getting married. He wanted to give them a special gift. He made them a wooden locket. He put a picture of them inside. Jim's brother was very happy with the gift.
My friend Josh lives with two male roommates. One day Josh was coming home from a bar. He saw legs on the doorway of his apartment. He was going to call the police, but saw it was a crash dummy. His roommate had found it and kept it in the hallway.
Henry was planning to go on vacation with Sarah. They went to a local car rental store. Henry saw a truck he wanted to use and requested a purchase. The representative researched information about his financial history. They said that he was not eligible to rent due to a low credit score.
Jake went outside to feed his dog. When he got outside his do was nowhere to be found. Jake began searching the neighborhood but had no luck. He decided to check the local animal shelters. Jake found his dog sitting in the shelter and he was relieved.
Eli got a new motorcycle last summer. He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon. Eli rode to his friend's house. His friend got out his motorcycle. The two of them rode together for hours.
The Waltons loved the Fourth of July. This year they're planning a barbecue. They want to make some food and shoot some fireworks. Unfortunately they live within city limits and it's not allowed. So they'll have to go out into the desert.
Parker knew that doing well in school was important. He studied every single day. He became the smartest in his school. Parker also got the highest grades in the school. At the end, his parents became very happy.
Ziggy was an excellent math student His teacher suggested that he become a tutor in his free time. He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board. Soon he had clients from three different schools. All the money he made went into his college fund.
Ken and Julie had been married for many years. Ken kept cheating on Julie. Finally she could not forgive him anymore. She filed for divorce. She is much happier now.
George took his niece to the bookstore. He let her choose one book. She picked out a Peppa Pig book. He then bought her a coloring book too. George and his niece had a fun outing.
Bobby wanted to run out and play with his friends. After putting on his tennis shoes, he noticed a hole in the bottom. Bobby told mom about his shoe problem. Mom took a look and gathered up her things. Mom and Bobby left for the store to buy him a new pair of shoes.
I loved eating fruit. I never bothered washing it. One day I ate a peach and fell sick. There were pesticides on the peach. I realized I should always wash my fruit.
Jason received three thousand dollars on his tax return check. He had plans to use the money to start a business. But first, he wanted to go to the strip club. A stripper got him drunk and made him think she liked him. Jason passed out and the stripper took his three thousand dollars.
William was baking a birthday cake for his girlfriend. He excitedly opened the oven after the timer dinged. He gasped as he saw the cake all deflated. William realized he had used incorrect measurements. William told his girlfriend they were going to Sonic instead.
We went to a local restaurant. My husband ordered the prime rib tacos. He loved them so much he was moaning. He had a couple of drinks with him meal. It was a good birthday for him.
Kim turned 5 and wanted to start Kindergarten. She went school shopping with her mom and got all her school supplies. She could hardly sleep the night before school started! She woke up early and got dressed in her nicest new school outfit. She went to school and had a great day!
The dog was given many toys by its owner. When the owner went to throw a toy, she could not find one. She looked everywhere. So she bought a few more. When she got home, the dog had pulled them out from hiding.
Gina had $5 in fines at the library. She checked her pockets and found $5. She wanted to use that money for snacks. Gina had to choose between snacks, or a book. Gina read the book at the library and saved her money for snacks.
Tammy was going dancing. She needed to find the perfect pair of shoes. She searched in three different stores and could not find any. She finally decided on a pair. Tammy could not wait to go out.
The boy had wanted to wash their car for money. The man was angry at having been woken up for that. He locked the door and walked away. The boy rang the doorbell again. The man told him he would call the police if he didn't leave.
Josh was a musician trying to write a new song. He didn't have much time, so he churned one out quickly. He shared it all over the place but no one liked it. Finally he decided to put more effort into the song. He learned that hard work was the only way to make a good song.
Danny was in kindergarten. His friend cut in line in front of him. Danny got mad. He hit his friend. Danny and his friend were reprimanded.
Hank walked through his garden on a hot day. The sun began to bother him. Hank stopped by some sunflowers for shade. He took out his knife and cut a sunflower off. He then wore the flower as a hat.
Bill put money into the stock market. He invested all of his money in Apple. Apple's stocks went up $300 in one day! Bill sold his stocks and made millions! Bill lived a life of luxury after that day.
Giselle was teaching French to a group of students. They learned very fast and soon were able to hold conversations. She took them to see movies and theater plays in French. They learned to write and express their opinions too. At the end of the year, Giselle was very proud of them all.
Martha was at the fair with her family. She was holding her toddler's hand. Somehow, he slipped away. Martha frantically began searching for him. Luckily, an employee had spotted him and they were reunited.
Tom had two cats. He ran out of cat food one day. Tom tried feeding them human food. They didn't like anything he gave them. Tom eventually just bought cat food.
Gina has missed Jamie on the playground. Now it was time to go inside. When she entered she saw him standing by the stairs. She stared at him, hoping to make eye contact. But instead of catching his eye, he looked right past her.
Tom decided to buy a motorcycle. He had fun on his Sunday afternoon rides in the country. He decided this is not just a hobby. He learned it is a lifestyle. He began to love the bike very much.
The man wanted a potato. He threw one in the microwave. He turned it on for ten minutes. He heard a loud noise. His potato had exploded.
His skin was always chapped since he spent his time in the cold. The cardboard Mike lived in was deteriorating from the elements. Someone walked by and asked Mike if he had somewhere to stay. He said no, so the person offered to take him in. Mike wouldn't have to be out in the cold anymore.
Zeke hated this tradition. His father had made him come down to the large pond in the backyard. Zeke's dad flipped the lid of a picnic basket open. He lifted out one of the kittens squirming and wiggling inside. He made Zeke hold the basket while he drowned it in the pond.
Tom went to the speedway to watch the car race. The race started at one o'clock shortly after Tom arrived. The red car with number forty one painted on the side took the lead. On the last lap it was between the red car and the blue car. The blue car passed the red car on the final turn and won the race.
James has a farm. His favorite part is his eggs. He always wakes up every morning and goes to the chicken coop. James then gathers eggs. He has a breakfast of fresh eggs every day.
My 99 year old friend Bob was on the bench. His daughter came to take him to lunch. He stood up, but then sat down quickly. His daughter was mortified, but he got up again. I am starting to wonder if Bob will be ok.
Sue has a big German exam coming up. She has been studying for weeks. She still feels unsure. She decided to pull an all-nighter. However, she fell asleep and slept through her exam.
Uncle Jeb was playing cards with his buddies He heard a strange noise coming from the basement Jeb slowly opened the door He walked down the stairs and flipped on the light It was just his puppy dog getting into the trash
Sasha and Julie went to the mall to buy gifts. Julie turned around to look at jewelry. Sasha kept walking. The girls were both looking for each other. They found each other at the pretzel store.
I took my daughter to the tory store today. She picked out the cutest little doll. We also got her some dresses and a crib for the doll. My daughter was very happy. She took it home and played with her the rest of the day.
Sid has just won two tickets to see his favorite band in concert. Sid had to work the day of the concert. Sid calls coworkers to see if they will cover his shift. Nobody is able to cover his shift. Sid calls in sick the day of the concert.
Michael didn't want to sing carols for Christmas. But even at thirteen he was forced to do it. He stood in front of the whole family, trembling. And when he started to sing everyone was all ears. A weird noise came out of his throat and he was excused.
Ann had a precious locket from her grandma. One day And lost the locket! She was in tears. She searched everywhere for it. Finally she found it under her bed.
Sarah had a small dog. A coyote kept trying to snag it. Sarah put up motion lights and an alarm. The coyote kept coming back. Finally Sarah would only let her dog out if she went with him.
Guy went through the forest in search of an ancient civilization. He hopped over a log in his path and stopped. His feet were sinking into the ground. Guy struggled to free himself from the quicksand. He grabbed a vine and pulled himself to safety.
Bob always loved going to the local diner. As he drove up one morning he saw flashing lights and sirens. The diner was on fire! It quickly burned to the ground. Thankfully, the diner will rebuild and open again.
Charles' favorite radio station was K-DAY. He liked the afternoon DJ called Mellow Won. One day he heard Mellow Won would be at the local shopping mall. Charles went by the mall to meet the DJ. Mellow Won turned out to be Charles' friend from high school!
We took my grandma camping when I was 10. She had never been camping before. A car slowed down beside us on our way up a hill. She yelled for everyone to get down before they got shot. We could barely walk because we were laughing so hard.
Bob wanted to save money on oat milk. So he decided to make his own. He put rolled oats and water in a blender and strained it. But it tasted thin and watery. He made oat milk over and over until he went back to buying it.
My friend was Jewish. He didn't celebrate Christmas. I invited him to my Christmas party regardless. He said that he loved Christmas so he would come to the party. I was surprised at his religious tolerance!
Tina was playing a video game online. She was sad because she didn't have enough gold to buy a magic staff. But someone found her online character attractive and gave her gold. Tina got more than enough money to buy the magic staff. And she spent the rest of the day buying items with all of her gold.
Johnny loved football. He also loved a challenge. A friend, Bruce, wanted to see who could throw the farthest. They each threw 10 passes. Johnny out-threw Bruce by 20 yards!
Graham loves to drink tea every morning. He goes to a specialty shop for his tea. Graham decided to try a different type of tea one day. He loved the new tea and now rotates different teas. Graham has even recently tried coffee and is happy.
Ben and Bobby wanted to find something really old. They decided to dig in Ben's yard for buried treasure. If no treasure, they thought they might find dinosaur bones. They dug eagerly all afternoon, looking for artifacts. Finally Ben discovered a buried dime from 1940!
Parker was going on a business trip overseas. He had never flown before and was nervous all the way to the airport. He bought his ticket and took a seat. As the plane began to move, Parker took a few sleeping pills. He woke up in time to see the sun rise over the Tokyo skyline.
Keith graduated high school a few weeks ago. He has been accepted to a prestigious university. Keith is the first in his family to attend college. His parents are so proud! Keith hopes he does well at school and is successful.
I was really hungry. I checked the fridge and found pizza. The pizza box said it belonged to Mike. I ate it anyways. Now, Mike is angry.
Quinn wanted a laser. She needed to get it done. So she went to the store to get one. When she got it it worked great. She saw results fast.
Last week Beth had a terrible day. She was late to work. Her boss yelled at her. She wanted to go home. When she got home her husband surprised her with flowers.
Samantha had just moved into her first apartment. She wanted to wash her sheets but had no detergent. Instead she put in some shampoo from her bathroom. Five minutes into the wash bubbles began foaming over the sides. Samantha learned never to put soap in the washing machine.
The man moved to Iowa. The man opened the back door of his apartment. He threw out a bucket of water onto the steps. The water turned into a ramp of ice over the back porch. He guessed it must be thirty degrees below zero outside.
Rose loved cooking and eating Mexican food. Tacos were her favorite. She made a big batch of them for her family. When they were ready, she served them on bright yellow plates. Everyone loved when Rose made them delicious food!
Two boys bought a tub of popcorn at the movie theater. Every time one boy grabbed some, the other would too. They each took turns eating the popcorn. They ended up eating the same amount each. The boys got a refill on popcorn and did it again.
I almost got into a fight when I was 13. I was sick of being bullied by a girl in my school. She wanted to meet me after to fight me. I agreed, and was so angry that I showed up. She never appeared after she found out I was there.
Bo once had a bad habit. His habit was known as drinking. One day, Bo decided to drink and drive. Drunk Bo hit a huge oak tree. Now, Bo is no longer alive.
Tom had an old fan. It needed to be replaced. One day it started spinning out of control. ONe of the blades flew off and almost hit Tom. Tom was forced to replace it finally.
After the repairman left, I thought the issue was fixed. In fact, the lights stayed completely lit for a few days. I turned them on today, but for the second time this week they died. I thought that this was a wiring issue so I called an electrician. He said he'd be here first thing tomorrow morning.
A man was friends with a judge. The man drove his car drunk and got arrested. The man saw the his friend the judge the next day. The judge passed a harsh sentence on the man. The man learned his lesson.
I notice that my brother was walking about the house. I aimed at him using a rubber band. When he noticed, I fired the band. It didn't work. However a the rubber band injured my arm.
Tim had hurt his leg badly in an accident. Since then he couldn't walk properly. As he limped pretty badly many people looked at him strangely. But Tim ignored them. After all he used to be like them before this happened to him.
Mona is getting ready to go to the market. She rides her bicycle when the weather is warm. Mona checks the weather forecast. She puts away her bicycle helmet and picks up her car keys. Mona will be driving to the store today.
When Phil left his position as head pastor he was relieved. He had been trying to work a full time job and pastor a church too. It was a huge responsibility and he was just worn out. He moved his family across the country to escape. Now he is bored because he has too much free time on his hands.
John went to the hospital because he fell. It turns out he broke his arm. John was so sad. The nurse made him feel better. She gave John a Lollipop since he was down.
Jenny loved visiting her grandparents. Everytime she visited, they gave her a quarter. Over the years she accumulated many quarters from them. When they both passed away, she still had her jar of quarters. She would look at it longingly and wish she could see them again.
Denise always got her eyebrows waxed. However, Denise recently learned about eyebrow threading. Denise decided to give eyebrow threading a try. After locating a specialist, Denise got the threading procedure. Denise was thrilled with the outcome of her eyebrow threading.
John was in a bowling league with friends. John was just in it for fun at first. They wound up doing really well throughout the tournament. They were actually in first place. John was pleasantly surprised when they won.
Mia always wanted to ride a horse. Her dad took her to a ranch so she could ride one for the first time. She was intimidated at first by how big the horses were. The trainer helped her step by step on how to ride. Mia had so much fun once she got the hang of it.
Brit was sixteen and feared she was pregnant. Her period was late and she had had unsafe sex once. Finally she bought a test and took it. Thankfully, it was negative, but Brit had learned her lesson. She vowed to never again have unprotected sex with anyone!
At the diner there was a new menu for specials printed daily. Jan the waitress looked it over quickly and tried to remember it. She closed her eyes and recited all that she could remember. He co-worker told her that she managed to get it all. He was lying to her but she did not know it.
It was a beautiful November day in Minnesota. Amy was at her mothers and decided to go for a walk. Her niece and nephew asked to go with. At an intersection her nephew almost ran in front of a car. Amy taught the kids how to look both ways before crossing the street.
My dad recorded his favorite television show every week. He watched it routinely when he got the chance. Last week I accidentally recorded over it. He got really upset and yelled at me. I think that's why he decided to leave us.
Bobby skipped school a lot. His teachers called his parents. Bobby's parents weren't happy about this. Bobby's father and mother confronted him. Bobby's father had to take Bobby to school every morning.
Corinne wanted the perfect dress for her first date. She borrowed an expensive dress from her friend Leanne. During dinner, she was mortified to find a small wine stain. She confessed to her friend, but Leanne said it had always been there. She apologized for not telling Corinne about it beforehand.
My family absolutely loves going to the beach. So, every year we take a family trip to our favorite beach. However, this year our trip had to be cancelled. The beach was covered in poisonous jellyfish. Therefore, it was too unsafe for us to visit and swim.
I ordered a pizza. The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up. However, when my pizza arrived, it had no toppings. It was just a plain cheese pizza. I called the restaurant and luckily they gave me 2 free pizzas!
Last month we saw a constable post an eviction notice on a door. A week later the notice was still on the apartment door. A week after that i saw the constable come by and remove the notice. He said the law required sufficient notice of eviction. The next day, maintenance staff removed the unit's contents.
Tom won a prize in a raffle. It was an expensive vacation package. Tom went with a friend. It was a great time. Tom felt worse about his normal life after.
Al was pulled over for exceeding the speed limit. He was a school bus driver. He pointed out the regulator to the cop. There was no way the bus could possibly go over the speed limit. The cop threatened Al with arrest if he didn't shut up.
Oliver was really annoyed with Hester. She kept poking at his head and babbling in his ear. He complained about her to a friend. His friend told him that he was a fool: Hester was in love with him. Oliver lightened up, went to Hester and kissed her.
My girlfriend Heather and I were relaxing and watching Netflix. We decided to order pizza for dinner. We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed. I called to have the store bring us a new one but they complained. We had to give them the old ruined pizza before getting a new one.
Martin loved Shelly with all of his heart. They had been together for a year. On the day of their anniversary, he took her to dinner. After dessert he proposed to her with a beautiful ring. She happily said yes.
My band instructor was extremely furious today. The group of brass instrument players were off sync. They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt. He ended up dismissing the other instrument players. In addition, he made the brass players learn a new song.
Manu made a lot of friends while he was in college. But when graduated, he moved back east and lost touch with them. Ten years later, he decided to contact them for a reunion. They all met for a camping trip. They had lots of fun retelling stories and seeing each other again.
Nathan really liked nachos. He rarely had leftovers when he ordered them. He normally just reheated them in the microwave. One day he read about microwaves possibly causing cancer. Now he reheats everything in the oven, exclusively.
Dan was learning how to drive. Dan's father decided to take him on the highway for practice. However, Dan's father noticed the traffic, and was horrified. Dan decided to tell his son to pull over so he can drive the highway. Dan was disappointed he did not get to drive on the busy highway.
Carrie was supposed to take a limo. She had to go to an event. The limo never came. Carrie was embarrassed. She had to get another car.
Rita's mom said the stork would bring her a baby sister soon. The next week, Rita's class went to the zoo. The teacher pointed out a stork in a large cage. Rita demanded that the stork be set free. She told her teacher it needed to bring her baby sister.
Alice was happy because she won tickets. She won tickets to her favorite band. When she saw them in concert she was stoked. She couldn't believe how fabulous they were. At the end she got to meet them.
Sofia goes to the zoo. She sees all the amazing animals. She even gets to pet the giraffes. Sofia is sad to leave the zoo. She will never forget her first time at the zoo.
Sam asks his parents for a raise in his allowance. They tell him they can't. They tell him if he wants extra money he can take a job. Sam tells his parents he will do it. Sam takes a job as the new Paper boy.
Bob like Martha. Bob planned to ask Martha out for prom. Bob bought Martha flowers and wrote her a letter. Martha was delighted to go to prom with Bob. The two went to prom and had a great time.
Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt. She took off her glasses, which made them feel better. When she put them back on, her eyes hurt her again. She realized she needed new glasses, so she made an appointment. She got an eye exam and a new pair of glasses.
George went to the comic book store. He wanted to buy a new issue of his favorite comic book. While he has there, he noticed a new issue of another book he liked. George decided to get both issues. George hurried home to read his new comic books.
It was a hot summer day. The heat was unbearable and Nancy was sweating profusely. She decided it was the perfect day for ice cream. When she pulled up to the ice cream shop, she was shocked. The line was going out the door.
Kelley went to a concert on Friday. When the performer started they were terrible. Kelley wanted to block her ears. She thought it was the worst. She never would go back.
Lauren's wedding ring fell into the faucet. The ring fell too far for her to reach. Luckily she used to be a trained plumber. She frustratingly took apart the upper pipes of her faucet. Although her ring was dirty, she was happy to be able to retrieve it.
Olivia loved her old dirty teddy bear. She has had it for several years. She took it on vacation with her and left it in her hotel. After a maid cleaned up her hotel, the bear was gone. She searched through the dump for hours but never found it.
Paris loved going to the pool. She had never been off the diving board, however. She decided to give it a try. She walked slowly to the edge. THen she plunged right in!
Rita rides her bike to the library. She parks it outside. She spends a few hours inside the library. She comes out to get her bike. Someone had stolen her bike.
We lived in Brighton from 1987 to 2013. Our neighbor lived in a run down little red house on Kenrick Street. One day he sold his house to a developer. The developer knocked down the house and built a condo building. I am told the developer made millions of dollars.
Devin was swimming in the ocean. He put his foot down and felt something painful. Quickly, he swam to the shore. There, he saw that he had urchin's spines in his foot. He had his friend urinate on him to fix it.
Zoe loved to go to the class taught by a new teacher in school. The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work. Word got back to the principal about the teacher's method. The principal asked Zoe what went on in the class. Zoe spun her own tale about a teacher who did everything by the book.
Matthew worked for the IRS. He went to a bakery where the woman hadn't paid her taxes. The woman baked Matthew some cookies. Matthew loved the cookies, and asked for more. Matthew agreed not to audit her in exchange for cookies.
We had a party last weekend. My wife's family members attended. Some of her coworkers came. My wife's niece danced and yelled "Who said white people can't dance?" There were black people there but they said nothing.
Annie is very good at braiding hair. She decided to go to beauty school. While at school, she perfected her craft of braiding. Many people wanted her to style their hair. Annie is a successful hair stylist now.
Mike realized that he needed to have a reliable skill. He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment. Mike drove to the local university and asked for help. He became enrolled and began to study to be an engineer. Unfortunately, Mike did not enjoy school and decided to drop out.
Ann and Sara were taking a test in class. Sara asked Ann to give her the answers to the test. Ann felt that they would get into trouble. But Ann did it anyway and slipped Sara a piece of paper. Sara thanked Ann but Ann felt guilty.
Barry recently lost his dog to a tragic accident. Barry's coworkers knew how heartbroken he was over the loss. As Barry came into work, he saw an item moving in a box on his desk. Barry burst into tears when he saw the new young puppy. Barry was so touched by the gesture extended to him by his co workers.
As she browsed the discount store, Donna heard an announcement. The store announced that there was a phone call for Donna. In a panic, she went to the service desk and told them her name. Donna took the phone and heard her best friend's excited voice. Donna's husband was being arrested in her home.
The kids were having the most fun playing in the yard. They had found a huge cardboard box. They pretended it was a fort. They loaded blankets in and planned to sleep there all night. It was the best fort they'd ever made!
Jack to an engineering class. Jack learned many things. Jack hoped to learn how to work with wood. His teacher showed him how to make a box. Now he has his own handmade box.
Jeff lived in an apartment. His apartment was really creepy. He would hear strange sounds at night. One night he couldn't take it anymore. Jeff moved out of his apartment.
Ed liked his mom's cooking. She always made him Hamburger Helper dishes. His favorite was Beefaroni and she was making it for him. His mom noticed she was out of beef so they had to substitute. Ed had Tunari that night.
Will's dream was to own a pizza shop in his neighborhood. He decided to quit his insurance job, and bought a small restaurant. He spent months perfecting his pizza recipe. He opened his restaurant for business, and people flooded in! It was best decision of his life.
A man took a hike in the woods with no destination in mind. He came across a tall wall in the middle of the woods. The man tried to climb over it but it was too tall. He picked up a rock and tossed it over. The rock hit the ground and a voice asked who threw it.
Little shavings of wood fell to floor. Carly watched her grandpa eagerly. He had been carving something for her for two weeks. Finally, he smiled at her and held out his hands. It was a little wooden bear all of her own!
Joanie and Jane were best friends. They were often accused of only hanging out with each other. Joanie and Jane thought maybe they spent too much time together. Joanie and Jane each spent a day with a different friend. Joanie and Jane realized why they only hang out with each other.
It was time to go pick out our Christmas tree. Everyone got in the van. We went to the tree lot. Dad picked the biggest tree they had. We had trouble riding home with it.
We went four wheeling last weekend. The truck climbed all over the rocks. The engine roared loudly. Then the axle snapped. We had to tow it out.
The snoring coming from my brothers room is obnoxious! He sounds like a giant pig snorting all night long. I begged my Dad to get me ear plugs but he never did. So I made a plan to get a good night's sleep. I called my Grandma and asked if I could spend the night.
Halloween is big in the Johnson family. This year Lisa wanted to dress up as a princess. Her mom went to the store to buy a costume. They spent all night preparing for the trick or treating. Finally they went out and it was a success.
Danny woke up with his girlfriend and prepared to walk her to her car. He looked under his bed and then all around for his new sneakers. His girlfriend fussed because she knew his roommate stole his shoes. Danny's roommate denied stealing the shoes but Danny called the cops. His roommate returned the shoes but said he didn't steal them.
There was a fight in the parking lot at my workplace yesterday. A young man attacked an older man and knocked him down. Bystanders called the police and an ambulance. The man was injured, but didn't want to go to the hospital. Several people knew the attacker, so he will be caught soon.
Rodolfo was a reindeer herder. His nephew Ren asked if the reindeer could fly. Rodolfo said they could. He got his plane, and loaded the reindeer into it. Then he took off into the skies with his reindeer.
Billy loved fried chicken. He was determined to make his own. He bought all the ingredients and a fryer. He followed his grandmother's recipe. His chicken turned out to be perfect.
My friend is a heavy drinker. He is also lazy. I told him Drizly delivers to the door. He checked and found they do not go to his town. He was very disappointed.
Jennifer was preparing for a performance. She practiced many hours. She had lots of confidence and was excited to show her work off. She stood on stage proudly. When she finished, the crowd rose to their feet and cheered loudly.
Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost. She didn't know how to get back to their house. She tried to remain calm and retrace her steps. She walked back the way she thought she came. After 20 minutes she began to panic.
We were going to have a picnic today. The weather is nice and brisk. I was put in charge of making the sandwiches. I couldn't pick what kind to make. I still can't and the picnic would have been over hours ago.
Kelly was having a great day. However she got a call from her mom. Her mom said grandma was in the hospital. Kelly was shocked. She immediately ran over to find her.
Gizmo loved to eat cough drops. I had to hide them from him. He sniffed them out in the drawers. He whined for hours. I gave up and let him lick one.
Allie had issues concentrating. She was rather upset about it. She had a test tomorrow. She had to get to it. But unfortunately she couldn't do it.
Jim was ready to start working on his favorite HIT. He'd just put some food in the toaster oven though. Jim heard the toaster oven ding. He was disappointed he was going to procrastinate more. Jim was happy he wasn't going to be hungry much longer though.
My brother told me Santa wasn't real. I showed my parents the gifts I had gotten. I was excited on Christmas morning. It was hard to sleep on Christmas Eve. My mom had told me Santa was real.
Gina finished her breakfast at her grandma's house. She was afraid she would have to feed the big barking dogs. But as she went to the door she saw her grandma feeding them. They dog's rarely barked at or jumped at her grandma. Gina was just happy she didn't have to feed them again.
Al wore a blindfold to see what it was like being blind. He bumped into his stove and stubbed his toe. Al tried to get an ice pack but he couldn't find the freezer. Al took off his blindfold and gave up the experiment. He ran to his freezer for an ice pack.
Ivy's dad took her out for seafood. Ivy had never tried it before. She was nervous, but she order lobster. She took a cautious bite, then smiled broadly. The lobster was actually delicious!
Kyle is excited to see his favorite band in concert. He is super pumped the day of the concert. He waits on his friends to show up to take him. He continues to wait for hours and hours. He misses the concert because his friends never showed up.
My brother used to be a scaredy cat. He used to hate when we played Michael Jackson Thriller. I couldn't figure out why he was scared of Michael. Finally, he revealed that he wasn't scared of Michael. It was the evil laugh at the end of Thriller that scared him!
Me and my girlfriend have been dating for over 8 years. Tomorrow will be the day I finally drop the question. I want her to know how special she is to me, how much I adore her. The problem is, I'm terrible at these things. It's tomorrow and I want to die, but luckily she gives me life.
Adrian never studied in school but still did well. He was on the honor roll through high school. Adrian went to college and was in for a surprise. He had to learn to study. Adrian dropped out of college.
John was working one afternoon. It was hot outside. John began to sweat. So his friend brought him water to cool off. He then drank all the water.
Vivienne was outside planting flowers. Suddenly, she was stung by a bee. The pain was immense. Vivienne's leg was completely swollen. Vivienne had to call the doctor.
Timmy was riding his bike to Mark's house. Halfway there, Timmy got a flat tire. Timmy had to walk his bike the rest of the way there. Timmy and Mark went to the store to buy a tire patch. The boys patched up Timmy's tire.
At 11 this morning I got an email. All of the apartments in tower K would be shut off from water. There was a leak in a unit. We lost water for two hours. Luckily we did not have a leak.
Drew approached Joe. He asked Joe if he had the money that he borrowed a week ago. As soon as Joe said no, Drew punched him in the face. They fought each other in the front of the school. The security guard broke up the fight and issued referrals to them.
Jan and her class were on a field trip. They were whale watching on a boat. But the constant rocking of the boat made her feel sick. Two whales then jumped out of the ocean. And they made Jaan forget about her sea sickness.
I always have trouble sleeping. Lately my trouble with sleeping has gotten worse. I went to the doctor's office because of my struggles. He gave me a check up. The doctor diagnosed me with insomnia, he had some medicine for me.
Judy had a wedding next Saturday. She didn't like any of the outfits she had. So she decided to go to the mall. Judy visited several stores. She finally found the perfect dress.
Mel's next door neighbor has a new dog living with him. Mel first noticed the dog as he went into his house after work. He walked over to the dog and reached out to pet its head. The dog bit his finger and began barking loudly. Mel now avoids his neighbor's new dog when he comes home from work.
Leo wanted a midnight snack. But there wasn't much to eat in his house. He dug through the cupboards. Finally he assembled a collection of snacks. Leo happily munched on his improvised trail mix!
Cindy was tired of her drab apartment and wanted to redecorate. She considered hiring an interior designer, but they were expensive. Instead, she took a bunch of design books out of the library. She used her imagination instead of her money to come up with ideas. Her budget forced her to be more creative, and she loved the results.
Jay always wanted to have a dog growing up, but never had one. When he moved into his own apartment, Jay decided to get a dog. The dog was a very anxious dog. One day, Jay left the dog alone, and the dog ripped up the couch. Now, Jay hates dogs and does not want them anymore.
Ned worked at a burger joint. He hated the job. The pay was terrible and the hours were long. Finally, Ned quit the job. He was relieved after he quit.
I make reconstruction medieval era armor. It's a time-consuming and costly hobby. It's also hard to learn about. But it's all worth it in the end. The resulting armor is among my most prized possessions.
If there is one thing Jakes dog Spike hated it was getting a bath. It never failed that he caught on quickly and made a dash outside. Jake would have chase him down and carry him back inside to the tub. Spike was a Terrier though so he wasn't too heavy to carry him. After his bath Spike always ran around like a crazy dog for a bit.
Corey entered the science competition at school. He decided to make an erupting volcano. He worked on his project every day after school. The teachers were amazed at his volcano. Corey won first place.
Chris was eating lunch. He noticed that his sandwich was too dry. He complained to the staff. The staff brought him extra dip. He used the dip to make the sandwich less dry.
Bill was known in town for his bread. He made a special bread for the festival. The town enjoyed his bread so much they gave him a medal. Bill decided to sell the bread in the country. The bread became the best selling bread in the country.
Nancy was looking for a place to eat. She walked across several tables. She eventually found one that contained several girls. All of the girls stood up and left when Nancy sat down. They looked at her with a mean grin.
The older couple was excited to hear their daughter was pregnant. They bought a lot of baby clothes. The baby was born. They came to see it. They showered it with love.
Sam moved into Natalie's neighborhood when he was 6 years old. Their parents quickly became friends. They got the kids together for a play date one day. Sam told his mom he was going to marry Natalie one day. They all laughed until years later when they actually got married.
Leo was making a bean burrito. And he filled the tortilla with as many beans as he could. He began to fold the burrito and roll it. But then the tortilla ripped apart. By the time Leo got another tortilla to wrap it, the beans were cold.
I probably drink ten sodas a day. My wife gets annoyed with how much I drink. At dinner today, my wife had an evil look in her eyes. As I opened my soda, I understood why. My wife had shaken up my soda.
There was once a Hunter in the woods named dave. That hunter had come out with his bow and arrow to hunt for food. The hunter heard a noise from a bush, and thought it was a bird. The hunter readied his bow, and aimed it at the bush. But a wild hog emerged, and chased Dave out of the woods.
Josh is a surgeon. He is very well known for his surgical skills. One day, Josh is in a car accident on his way home. His hand is crushed in the accident. Josh can no longer perform surgeries.
Mary liked to go fishing. She went fishing every weekend of the summer. She had not caught anything impressive. Then one day she got a big bite. She had caught a five foot shark.
Lin lived in China. He couldn't find a wife, because there weren't enough women. So he moved to America. He met a nice young woman on the plane ride across the Pacific. The two eventually married.
Tom was feeling lonely. He decided to buy a new puppy. The puppy was full of energy and character. Tom spent a long time playing with him. It helped To prevent getting too depressed.
Tim went to the doctor for a checkup. The doctor told him that he needed to lose some weight. Tim started eating healthy foods. He also started to exercise everyday. In a very short time Tim was able to lose all of his extra weight.
Matt was taking pictures at school. His class was scheduled to take pictures after lunch. Matt had spilled food on his shirt for lunch. It was obvious in the picture that he had spilled. Matt's mom told him after seeing the picture that he ate like a pig.
Desiree went to California to see her grandparents over the summer. While she was in California she bought hair accessories for herself. All her friends really liked the cute little hair jewels. Desiree decided to see if she could raise enough money to buy a car. She went into business with her grandpa selling hair jewels.
I really needed new shoes last week. There was a dinner I had to attend. I got my stuff together and went to the store. It took forever for me to find something. Finally I found the perfect pair.
Jeff has been working at his job for the last twenty years. Last week he decided to quit. When people asked why, he wouldn't explain. It turned out he had saved up enough money to retire. He had fooled everyone into believing that he loved his job for years.
I was bored one day so I started to watch TV. Nothing was on the first channel so I began to flip around. After I went through all the channels I had, I found nothing. I turned of the TV and looked out the window. It was a nice day so I went for a walk instead.
Sadie was excited. She was going to a publisher to publish her first book! After discussion and reviewing, the agency denied her book. Sadie was disappointed, but stayed hopeful. She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try.
Arty had a science project to do for school. He didn't have any materials and also couldn't get to the store. He thought he might be able to do something with his model rockets. With his Dad's help he created a new model rocket propellant. Arty got an A and entered it into the local science fair.
Mark liked to date a lot of girls. One day he met a girl named Jessica. She got along with Mark better than any other girl. Jessica told Mark she wanted a commitment from him. Mark felt the same and stopped seeing other girls.
Fred was trying to learn how to draw. But he could only draw stick figures. He practiced day after day. And it took years for him to draw anything decent. After 10 years, Fred was glad that he was so patient.
Ed had just received his first paycheck. But he had no bank account! He had to go to a check cashing service. They cashed Ed's check for him. But they took a ten percent fee!
Bob arrived for the dentist appointment in high spirits. The dentist took xrays and gave Bob the bad news, multiple cavities. Bob called work to let them know he would be out the rest of the day. The dentist got to work on giving Bob multiple root canals. Bob's teeth hurt less after a few days - root canals hurt!
I visited several local animal shelters, looking for a puppy to adopt. I knew Watson was perfect, by the friendly way he greeted me! The animal shelter said he needed to be observed for one week. One week later, I arrived at the shelter an hour before opening. A lady was ahead of me, but thankfully in line for a different dog!
Jen bought a rabbit as a new pet. She brought it home and played with it. The rabbit began to look sad. Jen bought a second rabbit to keep it company. Both rabbits were happy together.
Linda had an order for 100 cupcakes at her shop. Her employee had called out, so she was by herself. Linda was determined to fulfill the order. She started baking while simultaneously helping customers. Linda finished the order in just the nick of time.
The Sanderson family went on a cruise one summer. First they went to the pool and swam. Then they went to the tennis court. Finally the adults went to the club and danced. Everyone had a fun time.
Horace has been living in an expensive apartment for two Year's. He knows he is living beyond his means, but he doesn't want to move. Finally Horace decides to look for a new place. He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town. He is happy to be saving money but sad to leave his nice apartment.
Two weeks ago we went to Friendly's for breakfast. The prices were half off during weekdays. There were many regulars at the restaurant. I had an omelet and my wife had bacon and eggs. We were lukewarm about the food, but loved the prices.
In 2013, our daughter and her husband came over unannounced. We were surprised, as they live in NYC, 200 miles away. I thought they were going to announce they were divorcing. Instead, they announced they were expecting a baby. My wife and I were very excited to hear this news.
Frank was always interested in making a panini. However, without a panini maker at home, he didn't know how. He decided to use two hot pans to squeeze a sandwich together. This method, although crude, had the same effect as a panini maker. Frank was proud that he had figured out a way to make a panini.
Jane woke up one morning and decided to go visit her friend Mike. She put on her clothes and shoes then out the door she went. Mike was happy to see Jane when she arrived at his house. However, terrible gas came over Jane and she let out a stinky fart. Mike became angry about the awful smell and ordered Jane to leave.
Rick had very pale skin. He never really got tan just really sunburnt. He did his best to always come in when his skin felt hot. He fell asleep next to the pool one morning. He was not only red but had blisters all over from the burns.
I never used maple syrup much. One day I had a stroke. I was in rehab for eight weeks. My roommate's wife gave me a pint of maple syrup. I have been buying maple syrup ever since.
Today I entered a raffle at a local fashion designer event. The prize was a $400 credit at the hosting boutique. That's just enough for one of their dresses. The good news is I won the raffle. The bad news is they don't have a single dress above a size 5.
July owns a far. In her farm she has chickens, cows and pigs. One day all the pigs run away. July asked her neighbor for help. July and her neighbor managed to retrieve all the pigs but two.
Paul was in a convenience store shopping. Suddenly a man with a gun burst in. The robber held up the cashier for the cash. Paul quickly ran and knocked the thief out cold. Paul was considered a hero by the store owner.
Richard recently got a job as a mailman. On his first day, he lost several packages. He dropped them as he got in and out of his truck. Richard decided to lie to his boss about losing the packages. Richard's boss believed him, but Richard felt guilty for a long time.
Jan is out jogging when a dog starts chasing her. She tries to get away but the dog is too fast. The dog catches her and starts viciously biting her. A man sees this and gets a baseball bat from his car. He saves her life by beating the dog with the bat until it runs away.
May had used all her sick days at work. She got the flu. May didn't want to take off of work. Eventually she had to miss a couple days. May fell behind on her bills.
Pauline had an obsession with garden gnomes. She had a collection of over 1000 gnomes. Her favourite was one that her son gave her for christmas. It was a gnome holding a sign saying "Pauline is #1 mum" She loved it because she felt like the gnomes were calling her mum.
Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie. The line was out the door and it was exciting. Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.
Keith needed new clothes for an interview. He did not know where to go. He also did not have any money. He begged people for money. They gave him money.
Tom bought a new jacket. All his friends thought it was really ugly. None of them had the courage to tell him. Finally one day they were going to go out together. A friend told Tom the truth and everyone else piled on.
I wanted to be a chef. I studied hard in school. I enrolled in a culinary college. I went to class every day and studied hard. Then I moved to France to continue my education to become a chef.
The woman turned up the heater. It got up to seventy two degrees. The man was sweating. He checked the heater. He got mad that it was set so high.
Our family was getting low on groceries. I decided to single-handedly take the kids to the store. Both kids sat in the crowded cart with the groceries. At the checkout, I missed putting some of the groceries on the belt. My two year old helped me steal canned oranges.
My friend Sue met a man one day. After a month he started living with her. They broke up, but he refused to move. She gave him an eviction notice and he laughed. She called the police and they moved him out.
Last night, I made chili. First, I browned the hamburger. Then, I added spices and peppers. Next, I added the secret ingredient, which is a bottle of dark beer. After cooking, the chili turned out delicious.
Channel woke up in the morning, and decided to go the beach. She put on her bathing suit, packed a cooler, and grabbed a towel. She got in her car and drove a distance. Parking, and then walking to the beach. She placed her towel on the beach and enjoyed the wonderful day.
Carla baked a pie in the oven. While waiting for it to finish baking, she fell asleep. She awoke a few minutes later in a drowsy state. She immediately realized her mistake and rushed to the kitchen. Luckily, she found that the pie was just fine.
My sister-in-law H received $60K in insurance in 1985. Her husband had died suddenly. 10 years later her daughter said she was in trouble. She owed $3K to a loan shark, and H gave her the money. Later H found out her daughter had tricked her.
Bob and Jane really enjoyed their last vacation at Cabo San Lucas. They considered buying a condo so they could enjoy Cabo more. On their next trip to Cabo, they visited a local real estate agent. The agent took them around and found them a good place. Bob and Jane now take frequent trips to their vacation home in Cabo.
Tim took a shower. He ran out of deodorant. He didn't want to smell bad. Tim sprayed extra cologne on instead. It worked decently well.
Tammy was hosting a birthday party for her toddler. She wasn't used to so many small children running around. Soon the kids were completely running amok. Tammy had to distract them by turning on TV. Luckily, that kept them fixated while she gathered her bearings.
Steve and his uncle went on their first hunting trip of the season. Steve was really excited and hadn't got much sleep the night before. They waited patiently up the tree stand for a deer to pass. Steve fell asleep and missed the first deer that had passed by. Luckily his uncle woke him in time to get the next one!
Angela was crying. She was being held hostage by a stranger. She was hoping someone would come looking for her. Finally, there was a knock at the door. The police had come to rescue her!
Sam likes to go to beach with his friends on the weekend. While there, they like to play beach volleyball. They also like to surf on the water. Sometimes, they will just relax in the sun. They return to their homes cherishing those moments.
Carla was at an Ethiopian restaurant with her mom and dad. She was a picky eater, but they urged her to sample something new. Carla did her best, selecting a rice and chicken dish from the menu. When it arrived, she gingerly tasted a tiny portion of it. To her surprise, she liked it very much!
Claudia was clipping toe nails. One flew off and hit her friend. The friend got mad and clipped her fingernails. They had a nail clipping fight. The mother came in and demanded they clean up their mess.
River was going camping in the Rockies. He heard a loud noise outside his tent one night. It was a large brown bear. River drew his bear spray and hit the bear between the eyes. The bear fled, but not before eating River's snicker bar.
Paul wanted to be a farmer like his grandfather. He woke up extra early one morning to take out the tractor. He'd never used it before without supervision. The tractor lurched off and away. Paul had completely dug up the field by the time he had it controlled.
Lua was having a family picnic. It began to get cloudy. She hoped the picnic would not get rained out! Luckily, the rain held off until everyone had eaten. Lua was very happy about that!
Sue took out the piece of gum she was chewing and put it on her desk. She used her pencil to make a little smiley face in it. The teacher saw what she was doing and told her to stop. As the class turned to look, Sue put the gum back in her mouth. The teacher winced and looked away.
Lou was going for a job interview. His mother told him to take an umbrella since it could rainy. He was confident he would be fine without one. He had to park two blocks from the interview. He was soaked by the time he arrived for his meeting.
Tom's cat ran away from home one day. Tom didn't see it for days. He was about to start putting up signs. All of a sudden Tom's cat popped up. Tom was happy and relieved.
There was a man walking down the street. He looked formidable, and my kids felt scared. They hid behind my legs. I asked him what he wanted. He walked past, not saying a word, confusing me.
Dale loved to hunt with his uncle. Last week they went to a big ranch. They were going to ride ATVs and hunt quail. At some point his uncle had a heart attack. He never recovered and it ruined the trip.
This was the first time I had been on an airplane. I felt air sick. I threw up in the plane. The people around me tried to move away from me. I was glad when the plane landed.
When I took my last job I made friends with a girl. We sat together in orientation and chose cubicles next to each other. During our work hours, we passed notes back and forth. Another co-worker announced to the office that we should start dating. We started dating soon after that.
The man ordered shelled crab. It looked perfect. He took a big bite. There was a piece of broken shell in it. It cut his gums wide open.
I woke up to a warm spring day after a long winter. I threw open the windows. I ran outside. Within seconds I was covered in pollen. I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person.
Bill had a dog named Larry. Bill threw a tennis ball and Larry chased after it. Larry brought the ball back to Bill. This time Bill pretended to throw the ball. Bill successfully tricked his dog into thinking the ball was thrown.
Tom wanted to help local businesses. He didn't like big corporations taking over. He felt mom and pop shops were being pushed out. He tried shopping at local stores. Unfortunately everything was severely overpriced.
My mother and I decided to play a friendly game of bean bag toss. We got the boards and bags out of the garage and set them up. She used the blue bags and I used the red ones. We tossed the bags back and forth as we talked and laughed. It came down to the final throw, but in the end I won!
Charlotte asked her parents for a pet. Her parents said okay. They went to the pet store. The store had puppies and kittens. Charlotte decided on a little, black puppy.
It has been years since I had been on vacation. This year I saved money every week. Now I can afford to go on a nice vacation. There was some really good deals online. I purchased my ticket today and I leave next month.
Howard loved to build real airplanes. He did this every day for his entire life. He even made a movie all about airplanes. He was getting very old and couldn't use his hands anymore. He then discovered model airplanes, and fell in love with making them.
Briana went surfing in Hawaii. Briana spotted a huge wave. She tried to surf on the wave. Briana fell and was sucked under the wave. She escaped but was scared of surfing again.
Alone one night, Lisa watched a ghost movie that left her nervous. As she turned off the TV, a door suddenly slammed shut upstairs. Goosebumps on her arms, she crept upstairs to the door. Flinging it open, she was relieved to see only her panting dog. His bushy tail had banged the door shut by accident!
Tom's neighbors had a dog. They treated it very poorly. It was often chained outside and malnourished. Tom called animal control. They went in and took the neighbor's dog away.
Michael was in love with his brother's girlfriend Marta. Michael's brother Gob was out of town for business. Marta asked Michael to accompany her to an awards ceremony. Michael reluctantly turned her down. Michael felt better because he had done the right thing.
Helen wanted to play baseball like her big brother. Her parents said yes, but the baseball team was for boys only. She wrote letters to the city counsel about how it was unfair. The city counsel had a meeting and they agreed with Helen. Now Helen and any girl can play baseball with the boys!
Neil was leaving northern Spain. He was heading south on the next leg of a long journey. He bought a train ticket. Then he settled in to watch the scenery. Neil decided that Spain was the most beautiful country on earth!
Paul tried really hard to save money. But there was always something he wanted to buy. At the grocery store, he ended up buying candy in the checkout line. And a week later, he didn't have money for enough food. Paul decided to drink alcohol and ended up homeless.
Heather had a trellis in her yard. She planted a vine to climb over it. She worked with it all summer. Finally, it was just like she wanted it. She was in love with the beautiful landscaping!
I collect pressed pennies everywhere I go. There are a few theme parks that I particularly want to visit. Today I am going to a national park to get a penny pressed. When I get there, I go straight to the gift shop. The park itself it nice, but it's not what I came for.
Betty was five Year's old and loved to go to restaurants. Every weekend she would beg her mother to take her out to eat. One weekend, her mother took her to a Mexican restaurant. Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her. For many weeks after, Betty did not ask to go out to eat.
Sue was cooking spaghetti noodles. She left in the pot boiling. She got distracted with homework. The water ran out. Sue burned the noodles.
This morning, Debra couldn't decide what to wear. She tried on five different outfits from her closet. Debra didn't like any of them. She decided to try something new. Debra went out wearing a plain white t-shirt and denim jeans.
The night I got my pretty pony, I was excited. I wanted to sleep with it. I climbed into bed with my brother. I woke up to him crying. I had hit him in the eye with it in my sleep.
Tina had a paper due in two hours. Only problem was she did not start it yet. Tina then worked very hard for those two hours. To her delight she got a great grade in the end. Tina could not believe it.
Tina wanted a credit card. Even though she was young, all her friends had one. She needed one. Finally her parents let her have one. She was so thankful.
I always wanted to learn to surf. Last weekend my friends took me out to teach me. My very first try a big wave hit me and knocked me out. It cut short my first lesson. And it's made me doubt going back for another.
Ben and his son went to play laser tag one day. His son Tommy was only eleven, so Ben thought he'd win easily. But Tommy surprised him with deadly aim and speed! At the end of the day, there was no doubt about the winner. Ben had to concede that Tommy had won fair and square!
Bob had a wonderful pet dog named Bomber. He decided Bomber need a new friend. Bob went to pound and decided to take a new chihuahua home. He named the new dog Fred and introduced him to Bomber. The two were cautious at first but soon became close companions.
Stacy was coaching basketball. She thought she needed a clipboard. She found one that matched her team colors. She used it to hold her plays. Stacy felt like a real coach!
I ordered Chinese food last night. The person on the phone was very friendly. I went there after they said it would be done. I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told. I finally got my food after 45 minutes.
Amanda liked coloring her hair. Her hairdresser warned her to stop dying her hair. Amanda continued to color her hair on her own. Amanda's hair started to fall out. Amanda finally stopped dying her hair.
Jenny was nearly 100 pounds overweight. She decided to finally lose the weight by exercising. She started walking one mile a day at first. Within two months, Jenny was walking nearly 50 miles per week. Jenny lost the weight she wanted to within a year's time.
Sara walked to the end of the diving board. She brought her toes over the edge. The water looked so far away. Breathing deep she steadied her nerves. With a burst of energy she leapt off the edge into the pool.
Frank was picking up his baby from his crib. Suddenly he noticed that the baby was damp and smelly. He realized that the baby had soiled it's diaper and clothes. Frank cleaned the baby up and threw the clothes in the wash. In no time at all, the baby was clean and dry again.
Bob wanted to play football. His parents said no. He decided to join without telling them. He broke his arm at the first game. His parents grounded him.
Alex was on his porch. Suddenly, a dog ran up to him. The dog had no tags. Alex went around the neighborhood looking for it's owner. When no one claimed him, he had to take him to a shelter.
Larry wanted to move out of town. He grew up there and there were no jobs. He saved up for Years. Eventually he was able to move out. He moved somewhere he researched and is much happier.
Bailey is out catching bugs. She is having a hard time catching them. She finally catches one. She puts it into a jar. She feels sad for the bug and lets it go free.
Andrew was walking to school one day when he found a puppy. He fed the puppy some snacks. The puppy started following him, unbeknownst to Andrew. When Andrew got out of school, he saw the puppy outside. He decided to take it home and keep it.
Casey was a legendary baseball player, in days of yore. He was big and imposing and could hit the ball a mile. Casey was the pride of his town and revered greatly. In a very important game, with his team down one, Casey came to bat. One swing would cause the town to rejoice but mighty Casey struck out.
Stan decided to purchase a pizza for the family, As soon as he placed the food on the table, the family came. They shoved me in the back of the room. Although I felt unappreciated, I held my own ground. I walked back to the table.
Lisa had had her dog Peaches for several years. Peaches was sweet, but not very obedient. Peaches ran off and was almost lost, and she knew training was needed. Lisa wasn't sure an old dog could be trained. But Lisa was determined to try, for Peaches' safety.
Jill got a call from her friend Betty. She told her there was big party at Brad's tonight. Jill was so excited to go with Betty. The two got dressed and headed to the party. Jill and betty danced the night away at the party.
Elle's chorus was having a bake sale to raise money for new robes. She spent all evening Friday baking cookies and brownies. On Saturday morning, she put them on the table with the other goodies. By noon all the baked goods were sold. The chorus had raised nearly half of what they needed in one day!
One time I ran out of gas. Someone saw me. He went to buy gas for me. He told me to pay it forward. I appreciated that.
Tom was in the seventh grade. Tom saw a tv show one day about arm wrestling. He began challenging his classmates to arm wrestle. Tom beat every classmate. Tom gained respect from his peers.
Penny didn't like to work. She had several jobs through her life. One of these jobs involved cleaning toilets. These toilets were often blocked by patrons. This job caused Penny to throw in the towel with working altogether.
My grandmother and I planted a peach tree last summer. I've been getting impatient waiting for it to grow. My grandmother told me that good things come to those who wait. Ever since then I've been taking good care of the peach tree. I know someday it'll bear good fruit.
Lazlo broke the window. He jumped inside the house. He saw a gold watch on the dresser. He turned to his left and someone was aiming a gun. Lazlo quickly dove back out the window.
Deborah was watching TV when her phone rang. She learned that her grandfather had passed away. She had never experienced the death of a loved one. For quite awhile, she experienced a lot of emotions. Luckily, in time she was able to accept his death and move on.
Hannah found out that her boyfriend cheated on him. She broke into his house and grabbed his wallet. When her boyfriend woke up, he received a phone call. A representative from his credit card company spoke to him. He found out that his credit card balance was wiped out.
After failing at employment and education, Mike felt lost. He called his parents for help who told him to move back in. Mike's parents were very worried and decided to send him to therapy. Mike then began to see a psychiatrist a few times a week. After the therapy, Mike began to feel better in life.
Todd was taking a day trip to the aquarium by himself. He walked around the penguin pond, and into the shark pool area. While watching the sharks swim around, he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was his friend Mark who he had told earlier he was busy. Todd apologized and they spent the rest of the day together.
I was in a very big spelling bee when I was a kid. The night before the spelling bee I was very nervous. I was so nervous that I couldn't sleep. Instead of trying to sleep I studied words to spell. I was so tired that I fell asleep during the spelling bee.
Amy collected stuffed animals. She lined them up on her bed. Each time she got a new one, she added it to the line. Soon, there was no room for Amy in her own bed. She slept on the floor, feeling resentful of the toys.
Jones woke up very early in the morning with a very runny nose. He tried to find tissues as quickly as possible but could not find any. He rushed to the nearest store and purchased tissues. They were very expensive but Jones had no choice. After that, he was able to clean his runny nose with the tissues.
Sam bought some organic tortilla chips. He tried eating dip with them. They kept breaking in the dip. No matter what Sam did they kept breaking. He never bought that kind of chips again.
Terrie was driving along the highway. She was thinking of the events that took place at work that morning. Terrie had been called into her supervisor's office. Her supervisor told her to pack up her desk, she was laid off. Terrie was in shock as she drove, not knowing what to do next.
Jacob has been scared of clowns since he was young. His friends thought it would be funny to pull a prank on him. They hired an evil clown performer for Jacob's 30th birthday. Jacob stormed out of his own party when he saw the clown. Jacob's friends' prank backfired on them.
Alex found an amazing store. It only sold vintage clothes and accessories. Alex loved looking at the old items on display. She tried on a dress that fit her like a glove. She purchased it and wore it out that weekend.
There is an island in the south called Ocracoke. It's got a small town on it that caters to tourists. I worked there one very pleasant summer. I woke up in the morning and went to work. Came home at night and went to sleep.
I was helping a coach with his soccer team. When I saw the soccer team I was shocked. They were all huge and overweight. There is no way we could win any games. The team couldn't even run one lap.
Jack's bathroom was dirty. So Jack decided to clean his bathroom. He cleaned the sink, toilet and tub. Reorganized the inside of his sink. Jack was glad he cleaned the bathroom.
Reed enjoyed playing the cello a lot. He wanted to be like Yo Yo Ma one day. He practiced for many hours every day. After a while, he was the best in the state. Reed became known throughout the nation for his talent.
Bruce was going to fly a plane alone for the first time. The weather was very bad that day. He was nervous about it. He checked the weather report and saw it would be better tomorrow. He decided to wait until tomorrow so that he could enjoy the flight.
Rudy worked on the local news station as a weatherman. His predictions were not always accurate, but he was very funny. During a bad hurricane, Rudy was sent out to report on the weather. He unfortunately got hurt by a flying piece of wood while filming. Rudy ended up having to go to the hospital for his injuries.
Tanya's neighborhood doesn't have a recycling route. Tanya hates seeing trash, that can be reused, get thrown away. She took it among herself to start her own recycling bin. The other neighbors joined her efforts. Now Tanya and her neighbors recycle all their reusables.
Rita was in the woods. She left and saw a tick crawling on her leg. She got very nervous and immediately brushed it off She went home and washed herself thoroughly She was checking herself for ticks the whole day
I am a big fan of Phil Ochs. His protest songwriting is as good as Bob Dylan's. I decided to research his life. I learned that he died very young and suffered from mental illness. Now I find Phil Ochs a tragic as well as inspiring person.
The man was traveling on business. He checked into a hotel. He put his suitcase on the bed. Then he unpacked all his clothes. He realized he had forgotten his suits!
Lola begged her parents to get a guinea pig. They said she would have to be very responsible to get a pet. Lola promised she would feed the guinea pig and clean its cage. When Lola turned 6 she got a fluffy pet guinea pig for her birthday. Lola was so excited to have a pet of her own.
I knew of a young man who won the lottery. He used to ride lawn mowers. After he won, he went on to using drugs. He blew a lot of money. Eventually his winnings were revoked after a dui.
Sam bought a pair of new shoes from the shoe store. When he got home he put them on to break them in. Sam found that the clerk gave him two different sizes by accident. He walked in the new shoes back to the store. The clerk traded Sam for the erroneous shoe.
Shia was the lead singer of a band. So Shia had the tendency to be a dick. He had entitlement issues and was very selfish. He didn't care that his band hated him. When he came to practice today he was no longer the band's lead singer.
My Father bought some land for us to build a house on. We were gonna have the biggest house in all the county. Two weeks after buying the land he died. The people who live on the land wouldn't leave. So my mother made them keep it.
Steven was a baker who loved to bake pies. Everyone thought his pies were delicious. One day Steven decided to quit his accounting job and open a pie shop. His friends at work thought he was crazy for taking such a big risk. Ten years later Steven is the owner of a large chain of bakeries.
Jake loved his job. However, he was always late. His boss warned him many times about his tardiness. Jake still did not change his ways. His boss finally had to fire him.
I noticed that my water bill was higher than usual. I saw that my bathroom faucet was leaking. I called a plumber who told me it would cost a lot of money. I decided to watch youtube videos on how to fix it myself. I was able to fix it and saved a lot of money by doing so.
Tiffany wasn't feeling well. She had laid in bed all day. Finally hunger pains made her venture downstairs for food. She poured herself some cereal and then walked over to the fridge. She nearly cried as she realized she had no milk left.
When Cat was three she had an imaginary friend. She would talk to him constantly. They would even play games together! Then Cat grew older. Gradually she stopped talking to her imaginary friend.
Barbara loved daisies a lot. She loved the aroma they gave off. One day, she decided to see some in the wild. She traveled all the way to the farm. Finally, Barbara was able to see a daisy in real life.
Vinnie was exhausted. He couldn't wait to go home and rest. He plopped down on his bed and snuggled in. He had been looking forward to that moment all week! Vinnie was a hard worker but he really liked to relax.
Nancy just had a baby. She feels out of shape. One day she started to exercise. It was very difficult. Nancy feels good about her decision to get in shape.
The room smelled kind of funny. My wife lit a candle. The candle smelled really good. We sat beside the candle. The candle made the room smell better.
Christy was going roller skating. She was racing a friend and going fast. Suddenly, she slipped. She went sliding across the floor. She hurt her leg pretty bad when she fell.
Todd was shopping at his regular grocery store. He planned to use his membership discount card as usual. During checkout, the cashier said the discount card expired. Todd complained that the card has no expiration date on it. He complained and the manager came and gave him a discount.
Travis wanted to be an actor. He loved watching movies. He realized he needed to enroll in acting classes. He ended up enrolling in a Los Angeles area  acting class. Travis started getting film roles after graduating.
Kendall spent all night painting. As she grew tired, she set her brushed down and closed her eyes. She hadn't meant to fall asleep but soon hours passed. When she woke up she found her brushed hardened with paint. The hard bristles were entirely ruined.
A man was working on a HIT. He wrote a really cool story. The story was about halfway done. He decided to finish it up. He hit the submit button below.
The troop was earning a badge. They had to camp outside. They all brought their sleeping bags and pillows. They set up tents. They couldn't wait to sleep in the great outdoors!
My son worked in a bank with a Mormon woman. Her son was born with a cleft palate. Her faith kept her from being bitter. The son had an operation to repair the palate. Today he looks completely normal.
Madelynn wanted to go to her friends house for a sleepover. Her mother said she could go and be with her friends. She went to her friends house and they were glad she was there. All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night. Madelynn had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again.
Last fall we went on a vacation to somewhere warmer. We lived in North Dakota. So we went to southern California to see Disneyland. Not only was it warm, but I got to see Mickey the Mouse. It was the best vacation ever.
Kia was walking along the breakwall by the sea. Her mom walked on the ground beside her. She urged Kia to get down before she fell in the water. At first Kia refused, but then she stumbled and almost fell! After that, she hopped down willingly!
I made a ham sandwich for lunch. Just as I was about to take a bite, the phone rang. I laid my sandwich on the coffee table and ran to the kitchen. When I came back, my sandwich was gone. I looked around and my dog was finishing the last bite.
Jon was a pizza delivery driver working his night shift. He was bad with directions so he used the map on his phone. He forgot his car phone charger at home because he was in a hurry. Halfway through his shift his phone ran out of battery. Without the map it took him an hour for a 10 minute delivery.
Today, I purchased a new smartphone. On the way home, I kept the phone in my pocket. When I took the phone out, part of it was bent. I checked the screen and it couldn't turn on. I immediately got furious and called customer support.
I went to the beach yesterday. As we were walking I was carrying the cooler and beach chair. It was too much to carry. I nearly passed out. I had to stop and take a ten minute break.
Tom went to a Chinese Restaurant for dinner. He ordered chicken and rice. After his meal he opened up his fortune cookie. His fortune said the he would have good luck coming. On the way home, he found a $10 bill on the sidewalk.
Iris really needed a new hair treatment. She wanted to make sure she would look good. She went to the salon and saw what they could do. She decided to get a straightening treatment. When it was done it was great.
Lindsey is entering the 7th grade. She is excited to purchase her school supplies. Her Mom took her to the store. Lindsey selected colorful pencils and a floral backpack. When she got home, Lindsey put everything in her new backpack.
I started selling used books on Amazon on 2007. I got the books from library discards. Soon I had 2,000 books and ran out of room at home. I ran out of room and rented a storage bin away from home. I ran the business until 2011.
Carson had planned on attending a party with his friends. He was punished the day before the party. Carson called his friends to tell them he couldn't go to the party. Carson's friends went to the party without him. They called him the next day to tell him the fun that he missed.
One day Kevin went outside to check his mail. He opened his mailbox and saw a strange package. He brought it in and was very suspicious of it. He eventually decided to open it, although he was wary. When he opened it, he saw that it was a gift from his mother.
Tom bought a new SUV. He took it off roading. It had been raining and was muddy. Tom got stuck in the mud. He had to get a truck to pull him out.
Tim had recently lost his job. He had become homeless due to his poor financial situation. He went to a local homeless shelter to sleep at night. He went around town applying for jobs in the day time. He was finally able to find a job after a few months of searching.
Mike was thinking about playing sports. He thought about which one he wanted to try. He tried football and baseball at first. Unfortunately he wasn't very good. Then Mike tried out for the basketball team and he did great!
Tommy was playing football with his friend in school. When he threw the ball, it broke through a classroom window. A teacher got hit in the heated by the football. She fell down violently. The hospital staff escorted her out and Tommy got suspended .
Kayla always wanted to be a doctor. She started going to school for pre-med biology. Family problems got in the way and she had to drop out. She re-enrolled in nursing school the next year. Now she works as an RN who loves her job.
Sean and Sara were watching TV when the power went out. They were used to being shut off and assumed it was that. Further investigation revealed that that wasn't the case. Instead, they called their landlord. He came out and helped them fix things up.
Robert and his friends wanted to take a trip to Chipotle. By the time the boys got there, the line was out the door. About 20 minutes later, the boys were able to order their food. When Robert paid for his phone, he found a nice place to sit. Robert took  some bites of his nachos and smiled in delight.
Elise wanted to take her new boyfriend ice skating. Her boyfriend had never skated before. They stepped onto the ice and he fell. He was laughing and she helped him up. They had a fun afternoon at the rink.
Ronald was chosen as a keynote speaker at a conference. Ronald was honored but also very nervous. Ronald spent hours and hours preparing his speech. The day of the speech Ronald realized that he lost his notes! Since he had practiced so much he didn't need them after all.
Angel was playing in a band. He was playing a difficult song and was doing his best to play right Angel messed up on a note and felt embarrassed internally. When he realized that nobody noticed he felt relieved. Angel continued to play and played an excellent show.
Albert wanted to enter the spelling bee, but he was a bad speller. He practiced every day for the upcoming contest. When Albert felt that he was ready, he entered the spelling bee. In the very last round, Albert failed when he misspelled a word. Albert was very proud of himself for winning the second place trophy.
I once tried to work as a waiter five Years ago. I thought  it might be a good job to try since the pay was favorable. On my first day I worked during a wedding banquet. It was not bad, but I didn't like touching people's used plates. I was so disgusted that that day was my last day as a waitress.
Rachel was staring at the clouds. She could make out distinct shapes in all of them. Some were more elaborate than others. Before long it started to rainy. This made all the shapes turn dark and sinister.
Xavier was late that morning. He didn't have time to ask his wife to chose his shirt. He put on the first shirt he saw to go to work. When he arrived, people were looking at him strangely. He had chosen a pink shirt with blue stripes.
Yesterday our PE coach had us do push ups. I hate doing pushups and I was not happy to have to do them. I managed to do twenty push ups. I was really proud of the number of pushups I did. I can't wait to do more push ups tomorrow.
Alison had entered her painting into a contest. She had made it all the way to nationals. There, her painting was in the top ten. She was waiting to see if she would win. Unfortunately, she only got third place.
I remember, it was my first day in school in college i was so afraid. I'm afraid to interact with new people and afraid to be alone. I don't know where to find my room and i don't know whom to ask. So i decide to leave the school and go to the park. I called my friend and she came to comfort and accompany me.
Kelly went to the mall yesterday. She was supposed to meet Stacey. She waited for her near the entrance. A half hour passed and no Stacey. Kelly then realized she was stood up.
Tom was in the store with his mother. When they passed the toy aisle he ran into it. He asked his mother if he could get one. He spent a few minutes of deciding which one to get. Tom left the store with his new toy.
Max was working as a clerk at a store. A customer gave him a counterfeit bill. Max and his boss discovered it at the end of the day. Max's boss showed Max how to use the counterfeit pen. Max didn't take any more counterfeit bills.
Andrew got invited to a bar. So he got ready. His friend picked him up. They went too the bar and drank. Andrew went home drunk.
One night Joseph saw a fast moving object in the sky. Joseph went inside, got on his computer, and started researching. Apparently the fast moving object was the International Space Station. Joseph learned that he could see it many times the following nights. He spent the next few nights outside during each passage, marveling.
Tim loved listening to music. He decided he wanted his life to revolved around music. He studied how to create music. Tim became a great music producer. Tim enjoyed a successful career as a music producer.
Trudy was not very good at math. No matter how hard she tried, she didn't understand. A tutor tried to help Trudy with her math. The tutor was unsuccessful. Trudy never learned how to do math very well.
Sam almost never cleaned his car. He decided to wash it one day. It took him a long time to get all the dirt off. He detailed every small area. Sam decided to start cleaning his car more often.
Terry loves taking his son fishing. He is only two years old but Terry thinks he likes going. Usually they use the pond behind their home. Terry never keeps the fish he keeps. He really just likes catching and releasing the fish.
I had insomnia for years. I finally decided to do something about it. I went to a sleep clinic. I had to stay overnight. They told me the next day that I had apnea.
Donald liked to draw comic books but couldn't write a story. He had to find a writer so he left a message on an internet board. After a few days, he received many emails. He particularly liked Marcus' submission and hired him. They work together now and have a good fan base.
Max saw a bike that he wanted in a store window. Because his family was poor they could not get Max the bike. So Max decided to get a job as a paperboy. He saved all of his money that he earned daily. Eventually Max was able to purchase the bike for himself.
Lacy was pregnant and due in five weeks. But one day, she had a headache. She forgot which medications were safe to take while pregnant. She called her doctor to double check what was okay. She followed his instructions carefully.
The traffic on the way home was atrocious. There was construction everywhere. She was very nervous as she drove over the giant bridge into the city. The semis zoomed around them. They were relieved to make it home safely.
We went to Universal Studios in Orlando for vacation. My wife was obsessed with Harry Potter so she wanted to really go. Once we got there we decided to buy her a wand. She spent the rest of the trip using the wand and saying spells. It was one of the most fun vacations we have ever been on.
Anna had a few bills overdue. She knew she had to get on the ball! She picked up two overtime shifts each week. Then she took care of her bills. Anna felt very relieved once they were paid.
Frank was watching TV when his town's sirens went off. Frank went outside to see a dark storm cloud looming. He checked the weather to see a tornado warning nearby. Frank noticed a funnel begin to develop miles from his home. Luckily, Frank was safe because the storm eventually died down.
Mary had always wanted to do something artistic. She decided to create a sculpture. At first she worried that it would not come out well. However, after working hard, she was happy with the sculpture. She was glad to have done something artistic.
Aaron got a new cell phone. He had forgotten to back up all his contacts. Aaron went to use his phone. He realized that he lost all his numbers. Aaron recollected numbers over the next few weeks.
Tom loved to sing. He only did it in the shower. Tom avoided singing in front of others. ONe time his friends heard him and made fun. Tom stopped singing after that.
Bernard has terrible asthma. One day he decided to go for a run. Half way through the run he realized he did not have his inhaler. He felt an asthma attack coming on. Bernard turned around to go back to his house for his inhaler.
The forecast called for over two feet of snow this past weekend. The blizzard had everybody around town in a panic. Between Friday and Saturday night, snow fell non-stop. Some people were excited, while others worried for their comfort. On Sunday morning, the massive snowfall was there for all to see.
Timothy worked for a good company. The company had a very strict policy about tardiness. One day he left for work with no time to spare. Timothy got stuck in traffic so he arrived late. He received his first write-up.
Last summer I traveled all through asia. I went to Korea first and that was my favorite place. I met a lot of really cool people. I also love the music in Korea. I wish I could've spent more time in Korea.
Cody works in retail, at Target. He had to close yesterday. But one customer just would not leave. He had to call security to escort the customer out. Unfortunately, he has to close again tomorrow.
My downstairs neighbors are from the deep south. Their whole family goes to a loud, Baptist church. One of the young sons has decided to take up Islam. He believes he is being rebellious and cool by doing that. I saw him today praying on a dirty piece of cardboard in the yard.
The police asked Lee to take a polygraph test. Lee was under suspicion for arson. Lee knew was innocent of the charges. He took the polygraph exam. Lee gloated when he passed the polygraph test.
The man swung his ax at the tree. The ax head got stuck in the tree. The man yanked on the stuck ax. It released from the tree suddenly. The man fell backwards with the ax.
Altan went to the Gaeltacht to learn Irish. He had trouble learning how to pronounce many of the words. He listened to a lot of Celtic music to help him. Eventually, he got the hang of it and was fluent in Irish. He was proud of his Irish heritage.
Tom always took pictures of himself. His friends thought he was vane. Tom explained to them the reason. He lived far from his parents and they wanted to see him. Afterward his friends helped him take pics.
Jon and his family lived in Mississippi. They were eating dinner one night and heard the tornado siren. They decided to go to their tornado shelter. They were glad they sought safety. The tornado was an E5 and did a large amount of damage.
Annie was at the movie theater with her son. The line for tickets was wildly long. Suddenly her son bolted across the room. She had to go chase after him losing her place in line. Everyone made her go to the back of the line.
Jerry was really awful at cooking. He hoped to impress his new girlfriend by making dinner. Jerry completely ruined the spaghetti just before his date arrived. He decided to quickly run to the store to buy some precooked food. Jerry's confession about the cooking fiasco made his date laugh.
Ally was constantly getting bullied by girls in her class. It was starting to get so bad that she would not want to go to school. Her mom noticed this and called the school to complain. The school said there was not much that they could do. So Ally decided to get the courage to stand up to the bullies herself.
It was Greg's birthday. His wife made him a cake. It had three tiers. She had worked for hours on it. She couldn't wait for him to taste it!
My car was absolutely full of trash. I had a date with a cute girl. I decided that I had better clean out my car to impress her. I spent 2 hours making my car spotless. Our date went well, and we're still together.
Benny went to the beach on the weekend. He sunbathed for several minutes. His skin experienced sun burns since he forgot to put on sunscreen. During the next morning, he had a few black spots on his back. His mother forced him to go to the doctor.
She bought the dog a new bowl. It was made of metal. The dog's collar clanged against the bowl. She became afraid of it. She refused to eat until she got another bowl.
Marty did carpentry work on the weekends. His sister needed a countertop in her home. Marty went to the home improvement store with his sister. He helped her pick out a style within her budget. Marty designed a countertop his sister loved.
Every year my family and I go to Disney. We always have a total blast. This year we went back and did all the rides. We took a ton of pictures. I can't wait to go back.
Gene despised having pieces of media spoiled for him. He liked one reviewer that always gave spoiler warnings. The reviewer forgot the warning one day and spoiled a film for Gene. The reviewer apologized for the oversight in their subsequent article. It was too late for Gene, who had already blacklisted the site.
Andrew hadn't studied for his history test. He took history after lunch. Andrew pretended to be sick around lunchtime. He went home. Andrew wasn't at school to take the test.
Cameron and Jake were brothers. They fought over everything. They shouted and argued all day long. One day their mother got tired of listening to them and put them out. Now their family has what my Mom calls the peace porch.
The man tried on a fake mustache. He snuck up behind his wife. He spoke to her in a deep voice. His wife turned around. She jumped back in surprise at the mustache.
Tom's back was hurting, but he didn't want anyone to know. He told everyone that he was fine. He went to work and lifted a heavy box. He sprained his back. He had to stay home and rest.
Vicky has needed a new pair of shoes for months. She has avoided buying new shoes because her feet smell so bad. One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store. She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful. Luckily it only lasts a minute, and she has her new pair of shoes on.
Kathy and Wayne were going to go out of town for a week. They had a puppy named Mugsy and needed him to be watched. They called around to different places but no one would take him. Kathy called her mother and asked her if she would watch him. Her mother happily agreed to watch Mugsy.
Will went with his friends to a haunted house. He tried to be brave, but the exhibits scared him! The ghouls and zombies made him terrified. Will was glad to leave the house. He said he'd loved it, but really, he had been fearful the whole time!
Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months. He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment. Randall decides to visit his local library and apply for jobs there. He finds that being at the library is much better than being at home. Randall is happy that he got away from his home for the day.
MBE is short for the Minnesota Bach Ensemble. Its artistic director lives in our apartment building. I do volunteer work for the director. He gave me recordings of his concerts. I enjoyed listening to these recordings.
Harvey had a mediocre employee whom he didn't really like. But he kept giving her feedback and second chances. One day, however, he discovered that she was stealing! The employee was taking a roll of toilet paper home every night! Appalled, Harvey was happy to have a concrete reason to fire her.
Our cat had a feeding in the morning. Around 1 pm she was looking for another meal. I gave her shredded chicken. She usually loves that, but today turned her nose up. I called her the fussiest cat.
Emma was boiling spaghetti. She received a phone call and ran upstairs. The smoke alarm started going off. When she got downstairs, spaghetti had run out of water. She had burnt her spaghetti noodles.
Joe waited outside a theater all night to get advanced tickets. It rained down hard on Joe in his little poncho. Joe got hungry but never left his place in the line. The following morning, the theater finally opened up to sell tickets. When Joe got to the box office window he learned they were old out.
Eva could print very well. But she did not know cursive. She decided to teach herself. At first her scribbles were indecipherable. But as she practiced, her handwriting grew better and better.
Remy wanted to learn to back flip. He was afraid to practice. His friends encouraged him to practice in water. Remy dove backward off a dock. When he hit the water, he knew he needed lots more practice.
Rita accidentally left her smartphone on the plane. She felt terrible about this and knew her parents would be mad. Nobody ever turned in the phone, leaving her disappointed with people. Rita had to work many hours to buy a new phone as a replacement. She is significantly more careful with her belongings now.
Czar was very jealous of Wolfie. Wolfie always got all the attention. He wanted to be cuddled too. He often tried to push his way in to get some love. Wolfie growled when he got too close.
Kim's daughter was watching cartoons in the living room. Her daughter's room was a mess. Kim turned the television off. She told her daughter to clean her room. Kim's daughter wasn't allowed to watch tv until her room was cleaned.
Jackson notices his bathroom has become grimy after months of use. He decides to clean it thoroughly one day. He scrubs the mirror, bathtub, and toilet. He feels tired but satisfied when he is finished. Jackson is happy that his bathroom is finally clean.
Yesterday was my last day at my job. I had been working there for years. All my coworkers were sad that I was leaving. So they bought me a cake to say goodbye. I am going to miss my old coworkers.
Miss Weeks decided the class should put on a school play. She asked the class which play to do and they decided on Cinderella. Amber was cast as Cinderella, and Peter was the handsome prince. Amber and Peter had to learn lots of words for the play. Lots of people came to watch the play and it was a great success.
Jessica went to the playground on day. She saw a cat walking around and ran behind it. The cat was not friendly and attacked Jessica. Jessica got scratches on her arm. She then decided to avoid all cats from then on.
Nora decided to make homemade noodles for dinner. She mixed up flour, salt, and eggs in a large bowl. Nora rolled out the dough. Using a knife, Nora cut the dough into long noodle shapes. Nora cooked the noodles in a big pot of boiling water.
It was a hot and sunny day out. Jimmy was playing basketball outside. He heard the ice cream truck stop nearby. He bought 2 ice cream cones. Unfortunately one of them melted on his way home.
Max came home from the store, carrying a small case. He walked over to where Julie was seated and presented it to her. Julie opened the case to find a small, heart-shaped locket inside. Max helped her to put the locket on. Julie hugged Max happily as thanks for the gift.
Conchita had a hard life but never complained or frowned. She was a maid for a rich couple near downtown LA. She saved her money throughout the months and saved she did. At the end of ten years she bought her new home in Panama. Her hard work had payed off and she was now living in her native home.
Kay was going to a haunted house. But she was afraid! She was a scaredy-cat. She held her friend's hand through the whole house. At the end, she had had a scary, fun time!
Amy checked out 3 books from the library. She wanted to nothing but read. Her mother had a hard time getting her to go to school. In class Amy could only think of her books. She had discovered a whole new world in the land of books.
Jennifer was reading on the couch. She suddenly saw a spider on the wall next to her. She jumped off the couch and screamed. She then realized it wasn't a spider, just the shadow of the lamp. Jennifer felt silly and embarrassed.
Ben needed crushed ice for drinks. But he only had whole ice cubes. He put them in a thick plastic bag. Then he hit the bag with a hammer. Ben made his own crushed ice!
Russell had been asking his mom for a dog for years. His mom was reluctant to get the dog for many reasons. The main reason was she did not think Russell was mature enough. She finally let in and let him get the dog. Russell cared for the dog and they became best friends.
The woman cut her pants into shorts. She got one leg too long. She cut a little bit off one leg. She held them up to look. Now that leg was too short.
The girl wrote a story. The teacher did not like the story. The teacher demanded the girl change her story a lot. The girl worked all night to rewrite the plot. The next day the teacher approved of the story.
The family gathered at a new restaurant. It was Mexican and served great tacos. They all sampled the different foods. They agreed that the chicken tacos were their favorite. They all hoped the restaurant would be a big success.
The street was packed with people. A car wanted to drive down the street. The car honked at the people. The people did not move. The car found an alternative route.
Jane decided to watch a movie the whole night. So she slept very late. When she woke up she noticed that she was already late for school. She rushed to prepare herself and her things. The school's gate was already close so she climbed on the gate.
I was headed to visit my boyfriend. When I got there, I noticed an unfamiliar car parked in front. I walked in and found him in bed with his ex-girlfriend! I screamed at him, cried and ran out the door. I never talked to him again.
My wife is having a drink tonight. She usually has wine but is having whiskey tonight. She wanted to have a whiskey and ginger ale. She consulted Google on what constitutes a shot. She got various answers ranging from 1 to 1 and one half ounces.
Jake forgot about a writing assignment for class. He spent all night writing it at the last minute. When he turned it in his teacher frowned. Jake had misspelled the title with a bad word. He got a failing grade for the assignment.
Lee loved his cup a lot. One day, he found out his cup was missing. He searched for it for hours and hours. Finally, he realized he left it at school. Eventually, he was able to find his cup.
My sister in law broke her ankle one year. She had a bipolar husband. One day her husband got into a fight with her son. She tried to break up the fight and they fell on her. She ended up divorcing her husband.
Jason heard a knock at his door. It was his best friend Steve. Steve brought over a board game. They set up the game and played it together. This made Jason happy.
Tim was a really good speller. He decided to join the spelling bee. He went against other really good spellers. Tim got third place. It gave him confidence to study more for next time.
Tim didn't like going outdoors much. His friends convinced him to go on a nature hike. Tim reluctantly agreed. Once out there he was soon tired and hated the bugs. He complained so much he was never invited back out again.
Olaf was on his first ski trip ever. He thought he would embarrass himself. But he was surprised to find that he actually did rather well. He could balance well and manage the skis nicely. After his first day, he was skiing like an expert!
For Enid's birthday her parents took her to the petting zoo. She loved animals so she was very excited. She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep. One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry.
Tom wanted to drink more water to become healthier. Tom did not like the taste of the tap water. Tom bought a filter. Tom installed the filter to his faucet. Tom was happy with the cleaner drinking water.
Erica had recently changed her address. Today, she had gotten a bill from her credit card company. She didn't pay her last statement. Her last bill was sent to her previous address. Erica immediately called up her credit card company and paid her bill.
Joey spent his entire week at the beach trying to surf. He just couldn't get to his feet at the right time. On his last day the perfect wave came his way. He counted to keep pace with it. And he finally got on his feet, catching the wave!
Eliza had her first art class. When she went to the class she was excited. Her first assignment was to dry an ocean. To her surprise she did well. The teacher even recommended it to the class.
I was on the track and field team in high school. The big track meet was coming up, and I was ready. We started running, and I was in the lead. I was going to fast and lost steam. At the end, I lost all my energy and got 5th place.
Meaghann saw a sign. Meaghann invited Chad to read the sign. Chad read the sign in shock. Meaghann begged to buy the house. Chad bought the house.
The panda at the zoo was having a baby. The panda was in labor for hours. It finally gave birth to a healthy baby girl panda. The baby panda was named "Zoe" The panda cuddled with her baby after it was born.
One weekend Matt decided to go for a hike. He realized he had forgotten the map and quickly got lost. After a few hours, Matt started to panic. He called out for hours until somebody came and helped him. From then on, he never forgot a map!
Jessica was so excited to go to New York. It was her first time visiting the city. She went to all of the famous landmarks. She ended her trip with a visit to Central Park. It was a glorious adventure!
Lucius decided to give his mother a ride home on his motorcycle. His mother was top heavy, and so she fell off. Lucius called an ambulance. His mother had broken her wrist, but was otherwise fine. Lucius bought a sidecar in case his mother decided to ride again.
Julia was on the cheerleading squad. On the squad she was team captain. It was fun being team captain for her. She was happy because it looked good on her resume. Julia was captain for three years.
Gina closed the door to the principal's office. She was happy it was finally over. She had been given lunch detention. But so what. She didn't want to go outside in the cold anyway.
Jane asked her boyfriend to buy some coat hangers. He didn't really know much about them. He decided to get the cheapest wire hangers he could find. Jane was very displeased with his decision. She had to go back and get the right kind.
My dog died last year from old age. He was buried under a huge pink rose bush. We buried him inside his favorite carrier, a red one. We placed a professionally made stone on his grave. The inscription said he was a dog with the heart of a lion.
Josh knew he had a math test coming up for two weeks. Instead of studying, he put it off and played video games. The day of the test arrived and he was nervous. A big smile came over his face when he saw the substitute teacher. However, the smile was gone when she pulled out the math tests.
After the hurricane came through the Jones' were in a bad spot. Their house had taken a lot of damage. They had to call in lots of people to help fix it. They restored a lot of the house and rebuilt what they couldn't fix. After a lot of time and work the Jones' house was finally fixed.
I hadn't heard from my brother in over a year. The last time we had contact was at Christmas last year. I sent him a text message while I was thinking about him. He didn't respond at all. I finally told him if he wanted to talk, the ball is in his court now.
On the day we were supposed to meet, I forgot all about it. My phone rang and I realized it was him. I ignored the calls and blocked him on facebook. I started getting nervous when my doorbell rang. I refused to answer the door until he left.
Gerard bought a gift for his wife on Valentine's Day. When she opened it, her face fell. He asked what was wrong as he had really put his mind to it. She went to their bedroom. She came out with the same gift he had offered her last year.
Ursula never thought she'd fall in love. She was way too unusual to attract many men. But when she went to her aunt Silvia, she met her neighbor. He also was an unusual men who didn't attract usual women. They fell in love and married within a week and are still together.
Jane was trying to be a better soccer player. She went to practice every day. At the end of the season, Jane was a great player. She told her coach she would practice a lot in the off season. Jane knew she could be even better next season.
We went to Joe's 99th birthday party last week. There were many guests. One of the guests sang songs to Joe. While she was singing, a pair of lesbians started kissing. Joe was not bothered by this display, and smiled.
It was Thanksgiving. And Kevin only wanted to eat pumpkin pie. So he waited till everyone was done eating turkey and mashed potatoes. And he piled his plate with slices of pumpkin pie. But after becoming sick, he decided to always eat dessert last.
Jane was having her first karate tournament today. She was always nervous for events such as these. However she tried her absolute best. She ended up winning a bronze medal. At the end of the day she felt somewhat pleased she won a medal.
Tina always taught reading for the first twenty minutes of class. However, yesterday, one student became upset about reading. He interrupted Tina and told her he wouldn't read a single page. Tina discussed the student's actions with him. She ended up giving him detention for his actions.
Igor made some scary felt puppets. He brought them to the preschool to entertain the children. The kids all screamed and began crying. Igor didn't realize he'd made them so terrifying. The school asked him not to return.
Willie spent a lot of his time gardening. He did it both for work and for pleasure. Once at work, a small boy wandered into his gardening shed. The boy knocked almost everything off the shelves. Willie didn't know if he did this on purpose but was angry either way.
I was skinny. I wanted bigger triceps. I decided to do the military press. Eventually, my triceps became huge! Alas, my arms looked weird because I didn't work my biceps.
Tasha plays softball with her family. The team had a game one night. She met a man named Jared from the other team. He talked to Tasha and asked her for her number. Tasha gave him her number.
Gina was to pick up bread on her way from school. The text was on her phone. The phone was locked in a teacher's desk at school. Gina lied and said she hadn't seen the text. She pretended to be happy and offered to walk to buy the bread.
Julia went to a circus show. The acrobat swung high. He caught the ring above his head. He swung down to the ground. Julia loved the show.
Last year I decided to train for a marathon. The first few months, I began running a few miles a day. A few months later, I had gotten busy and stopped running. A month before the race, I ran only a few times. Without training, it took me 7 hours to complete the marathon.
Lisa went to get a manicure. She picked out some colorful nail polish. The nails were carefully filed and trimmed. When they were finished, the nails looked beautiful! Lisa admired her hands.
Garrett got a flat tire. He pulled over. People asked him to help. He told them to keep driving. He fixed the tire himself.
Jane wanted to get in better shape. She decided to start bicycling. On her first ride she almost fell twice. She kept going and got better. Eventually she entered a race.
Jason was a very active man who loved skiing. He was good enough to make the Olympics one year. He trained very hard for months on end perfecting his sport. Before the games were to start, his country made a rash decision. They would be boycotting the Olympics this year for political reasons.
Dan owned a car that would always break down. Dan never saved money for repairs. Dan decided to drive his friends to a concert. His car broke down in the middle of nowhere. They are all stranded because he doesn't have money for car repairs.
I decided to bake a cake for my friend's birthday. I had a recipe, but decided not to follow it. Even though the cake turned out badly, I gave it to my friend. To my surprise, she was very happy with the cake. She told me that it's the thought that counts.
I asked my friend if we can meet up today. She was able to see me for only a few minutes. I confessed to her that I wanted to go out with her. I was confused when she said no since she kissed me before. She simply said that she was only being kind.
Ralph was a mischievous high school student. He stayed out late smoking cigarettes with friends. When he got home, his mother could smell the cigarettes. She asked Ralph if he was smoking. Ralph lied and said he wasn't.
Rita was excited for her vacation in Mexico. She had been dreaming of it for months. When she arrived, it was as beautiful as she imagined. She decided to buy some food from a street vendor. Rita felt sick to her stomach almost immediately.
Jake normally drank beer. He thought wine would be easier to drink. He didn't realize how drunk it was getting him. Jake passed out without knowing it. The next day he had a bad hangover.
Barry found an optical illusion. He stared at it for a while. He couldn't see the trick. He realized he was blinking. He stopped that.
I was out for a jog with my girlfriend one day. We were running down our street when we began to feel hungry. We decided to look for a restaurant to grab a quick bite. We found a local burger shop and grabbed some food. After eating, we walked back to our car and went home.
I once collected as many quarters as possible. I did this hoping to determine the most common date on the coin. I collected over a thousand quarters. I then went through and tallied up all the dates on the coins. By far, the most common date was 1968.
Gina and her friends were at lunch. The school bully came to their table and sat down. She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom. Gina and her friends told her all they knew. Gina hoped the bully would bully the boy who had received the new desk
Jenny looked forward to going to the beach this summer. She bought a new bathing suit for swimming. Jenny's parents made reservations with an awesome ocean view. It rained throughout the entire vacation. Jenny was disappointed that she didn't get to enjoy the beach.
Rico is a green and yellow Cockatiel bird. Rico's favorite snack was green peas. One day, his owner ran out of peas. She then fed him scrambled eggs. Rico decided that his new favorite food is now scrambled eggs.
Gisela was hired by Michael to be his escort. When she arrived at his place, he tried to lick her toes. Gisela told him that wasn't part of the contract. Michael offered to pay her $500 more. Gisela agreed and then realized she liked her toes being licked.
Brad was in a chess competition. He was playing against a skilled opponent. The game was very close! But then Brad saw an opening and made his move. Brad had won the chess competition!
Yesterday I saw some turkey at the store. It was herbed. I was curious to try some. When I took it home it was amazing. I could not believe it.
I helped my first graders fix a special Mother's' Day luncheon. For days, they crafted the invitations, placemats, and decorations. The mothers ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches the kids made. They even got homemade necklaces, but the highlight was the program. The children sang songs and did a dance dedicated to their mothers.
The boy had a toy. He never played with it. His dad suggested he sell it. The boy tried to sell it to his dad. The dad bought it for one dollar.
I lose my bookmarks easily. I found Amazon sold 100 bookmark lots. I bought a lot six months ago. Today I am down to a few. I had to order some more tonight.
I saw the new Star Wars movie this month. My four year old neighbor Joe is a big fan. He hasn't seen the movies but knows all about them. I told him I saw the new movie. He surprised me by saying he knew Hans Solo was killed.
Brian looked out his window at his lawn. He saw a small yellow thing in the far corner of the grass. He went outside and walked towards it. He bent over and saw that it was a flower. He plucked the flower and put it in a vase.
Jane and her family went to the apple orchard. Jane climbed a big ladder to pick apples. The ladder tilted and Jane fell off. Jane had a broken leg. Jane decided she would rather buy apples from the store.
Jimmy sat alone in the basement. He wanted to go out, but didn't know how the weather was. He walked back upstairs to check. Peering out the window, he saw it was raining heavily. He went back down into the basement, somewhat disappointed.
The man was drunk. He wanted a tattoo. He went to the parlor. The artist would not tattoo drunk people. The man had to come back sober.
Kaya was overweight and homely. For years she was tormented in school, and begged her mom for help. Finally her mom agreed to homeschool her. For the first time, Kaya could focus on learning and not on hurt! Kaya learned a lot, and she loved being taught at home.
My son came home to visit yesterday. He cooked dinner for us. He said he was going shopping for a peacoat as his was torn. I had an extra one and gave it to him. He was pleased to get a good coat.
I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing. It was a small venue with only one bathroom. Dan Bern happened to get in line behind me during intermission. We chat for a bit. I got his autograph while waiting in line for the bathroom.
Ricky went to a local restaurant to try their Steak Challenge. He bought a four-pound filet mignon steak for $120. If he could eat it all in under an hour, it was free. Ricky gave it his very best effort. In the end it was a close call, but he managed to eat the whole steak!
One evening while driving home from work. Reba and her kids notice a weird sound coming from the car. The car starts to slow down and Reba pulls over. They all get out of the car and the car begins to smoke. Reba and her kids have to hitchhike  their way back into town.
Turning sixteen was a milestone Sam was excited to see come. She had spent the summer studying and parallel parking. Today was her final test. She maneuvered through the driving range perfectly. At the end of the test, she had earned the driver's license.
Drew took out the lobster from the fridge. He quickly looked over it to see if it was clean. Once he remove the bandage from it's claws, it moved. Drew got clamped on his finger. He hat to cut the lobster's arm off in order to break free.
Jim lost his girlfriend to his neighbor. He watched them have fun. He challenged the neighbor to a fight. Jim won the fight. Jim's ex girlfriend still stayed with the neighbor.
I noticed a man clapping his hands while standing in a garden. I was curious as to why so I moved in closer to him. I watched as he prayed and clapped double time. I decided to just ask him what the hell was he doing. Now I know he was writing a gospel song for a choir.
I wore a collared shirt and a pair of jeans to work one day. My boss called me into his office and told me to dress better. Anxious about keeping my job, I nodded my head and agreed. At that moment, the CEO walked in, dressed in a t-shirt and shorts. My boss laughed and told me to forget it.
Carl packed his lunch in the morning before work. He pack the lunch in a brown paper bag. When it was lunch time he went to the break room. There were two identical brown bags in the refrigerator. Carl picked the first bag he saw without thinking if it was his.
Ana's seat was in the front row of her college class. The boy in the seat behind her made her very nervous. Every day she could feel him staring at her the whole time. One day, Anna had enough and turned to yell at him. She realized then he had a mental disability and felt bad about it.
Eva wanted a ring for Christmas. She hinted to her husband for months beforehand. But on Christmas, he presented her with a huge box! She opened it, and found another box - and another and another. Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted!
Troy loved to eat salad. He loved it so much. One night he made a giant salad. He ate the entire salad. Then he got a stomach ache.
Jena was eating her breakfast. She had eggs and bacon. Jena got up to go to the restroom. Her cat stole the rest of her bacon. Jena didn't know what happened to the bacon.
Shelly's husband Rick asked her to make lasagna for dinner. Shelly went to the store to buy the ingredients. When she got home she unpacked the groceries. She realized she forgot to buy the noodles. Shelly had to make hamburgers instead.
I play chess online with my friend Joe. Last night he could not play. His roommate had a guest over. The guest was a transvestite. Joe was very interested in talking to his guest.
Dave had just watched a video of dogs trying lemons. He had never laughed so hard in his life. He decided to feed his dog a lemon. When he gave his dog a lemon, his dog bit him in anger. Dave learned not to play mean tricks.
My son in law converted his PhD thesis into a book. He sent a draft off to Cambridge University Press. The editor liked the draft, and he was hopeful of publication. But a senior editor declined to publish. My son in law was very disappointed.
My wife has Hello Kitty pajamas. This morning they were missing. We looked everywhere. She found them in my niece's room. My wife keeps her pajamas in her drawer now.
Todd was mowing his lawn. His neighbors had been out of town for a week. Todd noticed their lawn was getting long. Todd decided to mow his neighbor's' lawn. His neighbors were very grateful when they returned.
Jane was at the mall. She didn't intend to buy anything. Unfortunately she has poor impulse control. She kept running into things she liked. She wound up wasting over a hundred dollars.
Eli was in a great hurry. He ran down the hall very carelessly. He slammed into the principal walking the other direction. Eli apologized by the principal was too angry to accept it. He suspended Eli for a day!
A couple wanted their wedding photos to be shot in an exciting way. They both agreed that the pictures should be taken at the beach After hiring a photographer, the couple found a place among the rocks. The two posed, and it wasn't long before the waves soaked them! They enjoyed the mess, as they knew their pictures were unique.
I couldn't believe the bakery was out of pies. I decided to make my own. I mixed flour, water, and sugar in a bowl. I made a pie crust, and added in fruit. It wasn't very good at all.
Alex knew the solution to a problem. He told people the solution. The people thought Alex was smart. Alex agreed with them. Alex went on to achieve.
George is preparing for a big cross country train ride back home. He dreads the idea of going home to California to see his parents. Finally the big day arrives and George begins to board the train. However, he realizes he left his wallet at home. After missing the train to get his wallet, George feels quite happy.
Our condo super married one of the tenants in 1995. The marriage lasted six months. After the marriage dissolved, the couple fought badly. The super threatened to turn his ex into immigration. He calmed down and did not squeal on her.
John really wanted a new car for his first year at university. John got a job in construction for the Summer. John worked as many hours as he could. John saved up almost eight thousand dollars over three months. John got his new car prior to starting college that Fall!
Brian met an attractive female at a bar. When he first saw her, he asked to buy her a drink. She accepted, but didn't plan on talking to him. Brian told her a hilarious joke and she wanted to hear more. They ended up hitting it off and will be going on a date tomorrow.
Tim was riding his bike through Brant. He passed many farms and rural homesteads. He even saw cows grazing in a field! Then he stopped at a roadside cafe for lunch. Tim thought Brant was quaint and beautiful!
Tom was turning 100 years old. His surviving relatives wanted to throw him a surprise party. The shock sent Tom into cardiac arrest. He was immediately hospitalized. Unfortunately he never made it out of the hospital.
Gary had a big crush on Karen. He tried flirting with her for years but she didn't seem to notice. One day, Gary decided to write out his feelings in a heartfelt letter. When he gave Karen the letter she was overwhelmed by emotion. To Gary's delight, Karen said that she felt the same way about him.
Biscuits was the nickname of my best friend. During school picture day in the 4th grade, she had just eaten lunch. When it was her turn to get her picture taken, the man laughed. He said she was covered in crumbs from lunch. He called her biscuits for the rest of the session, and it stuck.
Ava wrote her future self a letter. She drew some pictures for herself, too. Then she buried them all in as shoebox in her yard. Twenty Years later, she went back and dug them up. She read through her old letters and reminisced happily.
It was nearing the end of December and it hadn't yet snowed. Ann was growing sad, thinking there'd be no snow for Christmas. On Christmas Eve, she looked hopefully out the window. What she saw there thrilled her: snowflakes were beginning to fall. Ann would have her white Christmas after all!
Ed and Frank snuck into a scary R rated movie. They liked scary movies so this couldn't be that bad. They were wrong! They were so scared they couldn't sleep that night. They learned their lesson about sneaking into scary movies.
Peter adopted a dog from the pound one day. He brought the dog home and fed it. He played with the dog and showed it a dog bed. He gave it a bone for a treat. The dog fell asleep, and Peter went to bed.
Tom went out on the ocean. He hoped to catch a big fish. He fought with a blue marlin for five hours. It was almost to the boat. Then the line snapped.
Every year, Tia's parents host an Easter egg hunt for all her friends. This year, the eggs were filled with lots of chocolates. Tia raced around, grabbing as many eggs as she could find. At the end of the hunt, Tia had collected the most eggs! Tia celebrated her victory by eating all her candy.
Justin worked hard at his job every day. He took on new tasks and more responsibilities. His boss noticed his hard work. Justin's boss called him into his office. His boss gave him a large raise.
Milly worked as a live in maid for a wealthy family. She made a good living, and was grateful for her position. But she was kept so busy she didn't have much time for her family. After a year of seeing them very little, Milly found a new job. Though she missed her salary, Milly knew what was truly important.
Joanna hadn't been home in years. She had a bad relationship with her father. Her mother died. Joanna went home for the funeral. She reconciled with her father.
Nita saw a rabbit in her yard. She wanted to keep it as a pet. She went outside with a big net. But the rabbit hopped away very quickly! Nita was unable to catch it.
Every year the Wills family got their Christmas tree in the mountains. They made a day of it, driving three hours each way. They would have lunch before they hunted for the perfect tree. This year the tree they selected was big and beautiful. It was over nine feet tall and very full all around.
Molly liked to dress up her outfits. She picked a scarf out of her closet and tied it around her neck. Everyone she worked with commented on how pretty the scarf was. Molly had an extra bounce in her step because of the compliments. She decided to wear scarves more often!
Julia was cleaning her kitchen. She was scrubbing food off of the counter top. Suddenly she heard a sound and a crack. One counter tile had slipped off, falling and cracking. Luckily Julia was easily able to glue it all back.
We got on the plane feeling happy. We sat in our seats beside each other. We were both very nervous about flying. We were scared during the turbulence. Neither of us admitted to our fears until we landed safely.
Tom was really into beer. He was always trying out new flavors. A local brewery opened up near him. Tom went on opening day. He tried every single new beer they had.
Mason was at a college football game. He was sitting next to an opposing team's fan. They started arguing with each other. The fan punched Mason in the face. Mason punched back and they were both escorted out of the stadium.
Kyle didn't get along with his brother. He put gum in his hair one day. His brother had to get all his hair shaved. Kyle's parents weren't happy. Kyle was grounded.
Tom was on his middle school basketball team. He wanted to be on his high school team in the following year. He attended a summer basketball camp. He improved his skills at the camp. He made his high school basketball team.
I was on my lunch break at work watching the news on the TV. I was very surprised to see my younger sister's face on the screen. Apparently, she and her boyfriend had been arrested the day before. The newscaster said that they had been busted for money laundering! My little sister went to prison for one year following her arrest.
Jane worked at a prestigious law firm. When it was time to get a promotion, she worked extra hard. She took on more cases and made sure to win. The partners were impressed with her work. So when her promotion came, she got it.
Macy wanted to be a high school cheerleader. She practiced her school's cheer every day. It was finally time for cheerleading tryouts. Macy was very nervous but smiled the whole time. She did such a good job she made the team!
Jane decided to redo her room. She started doing it little by little. She started with the curtains first. The ones she chose were pink with ruffles. She then started saving to buy a new couch.
Lisa really loved to play baseball with her brothers. Her brothers all played baseball on little league teams. This league didn't allow girls to play on the teams. Lisa wrote the administrators of this league. They approved her to be allowed to play with the boys.
Beth's dog ran away. She was sad, so she went looking for the dog. The dog had run into the woods. Beth's neighbor went searching in the woods. All was well when the neighbor carried the dog out of the woods.
Johnny hopped from log to log. He was narrowly avoiding the quick sand below him. Then his foot slipped and he fell down. He was trapped in the quicksand with nobody there to help him! It was a good thing that he was only playing make believe at home!
Ivy stood on a platform high above the crowd below. In her hands was a pole to help keep her balance. A thick cable tied between two platforms stretched out before her. Ivy took a deep breath to calm her nerves. She placed one slippered foot on the cable and began her journey.
Billy's favorite toy was a floppy bunny. He slept with the stuffed bunny and toted it everywhere. One day, Billy was invited to a sleepover. His mother tried to convince Billy to leave the bunny at home. After the sleepover, Billy's mom found the bunny in the trash.
Erica was doing her PhD in a Biology lab. Her professor was a difficult man to please and was very strict. In her third year of PhD, Erica went through a personal crisis. She got really stressed that her professor would not understand. Her professor understood her position and helped her complete her PhD.
Paul was a performer. Sometimes he would dress up as a clown. Kids loved when he came to parties. Paul was happy that he could make them smile. It was a great feeling to see everyone enjoying their party.
Jes was 49 when she pursued her lifelong dream of finishing college. Though working full-time, she attended online classes at night. Sometimes, it was so exhausting, she thought of giving up. Jes persevered, and after two years, earned her teaching degree. Now a college teacher, Jes encourages other older, returning students.
When my dog ran away, I thought I had lost him for good. I had come home to find the gate open and my dog gone. I called his name, searching high and low for him. For two weeks, I talked to my neighbors, asking about my dog. Only after I put up flyers did someone contact me to return my dog.
One night the kids wanted to sleep on the back porch. We laid our sleeping bags and pillows. We spent hours looking up at the stars. Becca was so excited to see a shooting star. The night was calm and quiet.
Sam asked his mother for a cookie. His mother told him to clean the house for it. Sam scrubbed and washed all day At the end of the day Sam was exhausted. He sat in tired triumph as he enjoyed his delicious cookie.
I walked up to the very old building. It was called Cat Country, and the cats were inside. A plaque said it was the original building. We walked through the doors and saw cats everywhere. They were huge and beautiful.
Anna loved her science class. Her science teacher encouraged her to compete in the science fair. Anna's teacher worked with her a lot after school. Anna presented her project at the fair. Her teacher was proud of her.
Jean's husband was always playing pranks on her. One evening she walked into the basement. At the bottom of the steps was a snake. She laughed, thinking it was rubber. Then she saw it move!
Jennifer was getting bullied in school. She tried to fight back but they always beat her. She asked her teacher but the teacher did not do anything. Finally, she got the principal involved. The principal scared the other kids so they wouldn't bully her.
Mike went to an Indian restaurant. And he tried to ask for a table. But the person working there was difficult to understand. Mike ended up waiting for 20 minutes. And he realized that his request for a table was never understood.
After getting over a fever, Maryann was excited to exercise again. She doesn't like to be cooped up in bed for long. To her, a nice jog was long overdue. She started out slowly. She didn't want to over do it.
Cara was making rolls for dinner. She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise. When it was time, she went to put the dough in the oven. Then, she saw that a ton of flies had been sitting on her dough. Sadly, she threw the dough out and started over.
Travis wanted to learn how to bake bread. So he watched bread baking tutorials over and over. But no matter how many he watched, he still worried. Weeks passed. And Travis was too doubtful to start baking bread.
Jill had always wanted to be a pro boxer. Her amateur record wasn't that good. She decided to take a fight for money anyway. She lost badly. It made her give up on her boxing dream.
One day, my girlfriend went to the grocery store alone. She came home with this bag full of small strange seeds called Chia. I refused to try them but she ate them every day. After eating them for a week, she lost 3 pounds. Jealous and impressed, I started eating the strange seeds too.
Barry and his son, John, went on a big hunting trip. They packed and prepared to ensure everything would go smoothly. They did not anticipate a charging boar after Jon missed his shot. The boar chased them until Barry and Jon made it back to their Jeep. Exhausted, they drove off, happy no one was hurt.
I cooked fish in a pan. I struggled to handle it with a wooden spoon. I realized I needed a fish slice. The next day, I bought a fish slice. It worked much better than the spoon!
Joe has an accounting test. He has studied all week. When he got to his test, he was ready. He knew everything and had no problems. He was glad he had been studying.
Ken had never been on an airplane before. He was a bit nervous about his first flight. His heart started racing a bit before the plane took off. The entire flight went very smoothly. Ken wound up liking the experience.
The teacher reviewed the lesson class class. She also asked if anyone had questions. Ben said something perverted and the entire class laughed. The teacher didn't find it funny and suspended Ben. He couldn't go to school for a week.
Sarah showed up with my brother one day. We were trying to watch a horror movie. She decided to watch with us. She spent the entire time complaining. She called the movie satanic and scary.
Ang wanted to become healthier so she changed her diet. She was finding it easy to adjust her diet until it came to chips. Her favorite thing to do was to eat a bag of chips before bed. She knew this was unhealthy so she searched for an alternative. And found that carrots had a nice crunch and that replaced her chips.
Milton is playing with his cat. His cat decides to run in the middle of the street. As it was running a car came by. The car hit the cat and run it over. Milton lost his cat that day.
Doug and Carrie were driving from North Carolina to Connecticut. By the time they drove to Virginia it was snowing. The snow turned into a blizzard by the time they got to Philadelphia. The blizzard closed a bridge and snarled traffic on the interstate. Stranded, Doug and Carrie and to spend the night in their car.
Chelsea fired up the grill. She was going to make an amazing burger. She grilled it perfectly, then put it on a bun. She topped it with lots of vegetables and toppings. It was the best burger she'd ever made!
Alan loved Church. He wanted to be an altar boy. His dad spoke to the priest. Soon Alan was the new altar boy at church. He was so thrilled with his new position!
I sat down to do some work. I looked up and saw a spider in the window. I got anxious and watched the spider. I was afraid that the spider would escape. I didn't get any work done.
Carly went to work. She realized that her shirt was on backwards. Carly excused herself to the restroom. Carly put her shirt on the right way. Carly returned to work.
Gilly thought she was old enough to make her own breakfast. Her mom was worried she'd hurt herself. She decided she would let her make toast. Gilly carefully put the bread into the toaster. She got it out with no problem using some little wooden tongs.
Jim and his family wanted to build a swing set in their backyard. They went to the store and bought all the tools and wood. When they got home, they realized they didn't have any plans! Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one. Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set.
Every morning Ashley wakes up at 8:00 and makes coffee. This morning, her alarm didn't go off. When she finally woke up, it was 9:00! She started to make coffee and realized that she was all out! Ashley's morning didn't go as planned at all!
Jake noticed a spot on his arm. He wasn't sure what it was. He had been watching it over the summer. As it darkened he decided to go to the doctor. Unfortunately, it was skin cancer.
Brenda was a nurse. She had two kids. She moved to a new town. Then they grew up. So she went back to work.
Our kitten is addicted to kitty treats. When we wake up, she will plop at our feet and mew to get them. When she is a little more awake we have to throw them. She will start chirping and jumping then hunker down and wait. She can catch the treats midair like a baseball player.
Andy recently was a bartender for a popular night club. However, since the club was not doing so well, Andy was laid off. Andy decided to immediately look for another job in the area. However, after about a month, Andy was still unemployed. Andy was feeling the unemployment blues pretty bad.
Harris had a lot of cardboard. The only issue was he couldn't throw it away. Harris then decided to donate it. Harris was able to give it to the food bank which needed it. Now, Harris doesn't have a lot of cardboard.
Nina joined the Army at age 18. Her family did not approve at first. But after a few years they saw the benefits. Nina was happy and made decent money. Soon Nina had all her family's support!
Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old. Since that day, he was dead set on playing football. He made it through little league and junior high with ease. Rick had to practice hard through the summer. This fall, he will be the starting quarterback as a freshman.
The frog jumping contest would be next weekend. John and I were training our frogs to jump the highest. John used a sound to make his frog jump, but I used food. When the contest arrived, my frog just sat there. Johns frog jumped so far that he beat everyone and won.
Milda was married to her husband, Bob for twenty years. They loved each other and took very good care of one another. They often honeymooned just to do it because of their love. One day in the middle of the night Milda woke up screaming in horror. She suddenly couldn't recognize her husband and said he was a stranger.
George hated working for his boss. George's boss didn't appreciate the work that George did. George was frustrated by the lack of respect he received. George asked to talk to his boss alone to talk about his feelings. After discussing their differences George is much happier at work.
Jessica was a classical violin player. She had a concert at a local college to raise money for a new violin. The auditorium was sold out. Jessica put on the show of her life in order to please the crowd. She successfully raised enough money to buy the best violin.
Natalie arrived at the hotel. She wanted to go right to the pool. Natalie needed to wait for her mom to unpack. Natalie's mom told her to get her swimsuit on. After getting her swimsuit on, Natalie finally went to the pool.
Ben was the star quarterback. Ben was playing in the big game. Ben's team is down 4 points. Ben attempts to run for a touchdown. He is tackled before he can score and loses the game.
Henry drove with his dad to the animal shelter to adopt a dog. He and his dad were greeted and shown the adoptable dogs and puppies. They looked around a little bit and played with some of the dogs. In the end, they adopted a little black puppy who bonded with them. They bought some toys and food, checked out, and drove home.
A very attractive young woman walked into a coffee shop. Two old men were sitting nearby, and each raised his eyebrows. One of the men, in college sports garb, was a convicted sex offender. His probation officer was sitting nearby, and noticed the violation. The offender was arrested and sent back to prison for life.
Martha was throwing a party on Friday. All of her friends and family were going to arrive. The day of the party, she realized she was out of soda! She quickly drove to the market to buy more. The party went awesome and everyone had a good time.
Tony offered Nick a cigar. Nick accepted reluctantly. The smoke burned his lungs. Tony asked Nick if he had ever smoked before. Nick bashfully said he hadn't, then cough his lungs out.
Joe thought America was the best country and hated all others! Then his class did a unit on global governments and cultures. Joe learned a lot. He realized that he could love his country and still like others. Joe learned a lot about respecting different cultures!
Millie was expecting all of her gifts to arrive by Christmas. But, when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far. She was really disappointed and didn't know what to do. Finally, she decided to just enjoy the gifts that had arrived. When the late gifts did arrive, she enjoyed them just as much.
Lisa wanted to save money, so she decided to cloth diaper her baby. She bought a dozen diapers in cute prints. Every day she washed out diapers and ran loads of laundry. After a few weeks of this, she bought a pack of disposables. She decided that the cost was well worth the time she saved!
Lea was looking for a plane ticket. She thought she would have to cancel her trip. She could not find a ticket that was cheap enough! Then she found a great deal on a discount site. Lea not only bought a ticket, she upgraded to first class too!
Sara has a big English test tomorrow. She has not studied at all. Her test counts for half her grade. Sara decided to pull an all- nighter. When she got to school, she slept through her test.
Derek was running late for class. He hopped on the bus just in time. He was on his way to school on the bus. He reached down in his backpack to pull out his computer. It wasn't there!
Feeling groggy, I got up out of bed. I shuffled slowly to the kitchen. With my eyes half open I started the coffee machine. I waited for it to fill up my cup. I took a sip of my sweet coffee drink.
Fred was watching the nba finals. But all of the sudden his tv went out. At first he thought it was the cable. But it was actually the tv. Fred was so mad about it.
Pat was in the process of moving from one apartment to another. She boxed up all her things in tight boxes. She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time. The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape. Pat collected everything on the ground floor and took it to the truck.
Sam and his wife hated doing chores. Last week Sam noticed the gutters were clogged. He knew if he told his wife she would make him clean them. Instead he left a note on the refrigerator and went golfing. When he got back he had clogged gutters and an angry wife.
Jim was watching a movie with his girlfriend at the theater. Jim was texting his friend on his cell phone. He was kicked out of the movie theater for using his phone. His girlfriend was angry at him. She didn't talk to him for the rest of the night.
My coworker's parents were divorced when she was young. Her mom remarried and had two more children. My coworker did not get along with her stepfather. She slammed her door on him when she was 12. He took the door off its hinges for a week to punish her.
Dan was staying home tonight so he decided to order a pizza. He ordered his favorite pizza from his favorite pizza place. He didn't want to leave home so he asked for it to be delivered. A little later there was a knock at the door. The person delivering the pizza was somebody he used to know!
Josh had an excellent memory when it came to numbers. His mother relied on him as if he were a phone book. Josh, tired to be relied upon, bought his mom an address book. He wrote down all the phone numbers he remembered. And he gave it to her as a birthday present so she'd stop asking him.
The boy shot a basket. It bounced hard off the rim. It went into the street. His brother ran after it. He caught it in the street.
I paid the tattoo artist for the tattoo procedure. He adjusted his tools and began the process. I fell asleep while he was preparing my tattoo. He woke me up and thanked me for the money. Unfortunately, the tattoo is fake since it faded during my bath.
Every Friday Sally's boyfriend played poker with his buddies. One day Sally decided she wanted to learn how to play poker. Her boyfriend offered to teach her. She was a quick learner and had a knack for the game. That Friday she attended the weekly game and won the jackpot.
Phil loved to smoke cigarettes everyday. Phil smoked for several years, and developed a hard cough. The cough was so annoying, one day Phil went to his doctor. The doctor told Phil he should stop smoking, or have more problems. Phil decided to quit smoking cigarettes.
Sharon always thought she was an excellent driver. She became overconfident in her driving skills. One day Sharon was talking on the phone and eating while driving. All of the multitasking distracted Sharon and resulted in an accident. Luckily she was fine, but she never multitasked while driving again.
Officer Todd responded to a call. There was a man with a jug full of pills. Officer Todd knew they were not prescribed to the man. He apprehended the suspect. The streets are a little safer tonight.
Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work. She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot. As she walked to her desk she stumbled on her own foot. Amy began to fall but tried to hold onto her food. Amy spilled her food on the floor and burned herself on her hand.
Helga read an interesting news story. She wanted to leave a comment. First she had to sign up. Then, she wrote out her comment. Finally, she posted it.
Josh had car problems. His car had an oil leak. He tried everything to fix it himself. Eventually he gave up and took it to a mechanic. The mechanic fixed it at a decent price.
Jill loved watching reality TV shows. She actually dreamed to be part of one. One day, she decided to sign up for one of the upcoming shows. She got chosen to participate. Jill was very proud to finally be a star in her own TV show.
They knew they had to get new flooring before selling their house. They went to a number of carpet stores to get the best prices. They finally decided on a nice vinyl that they thought would go well. They paid for it in full and waited for the installation. Once the installation was done they were impressed with how it looked!
Tina and her best friend Britney decided to have a joint party. They wanted to have a joint birthday party. The girls rented a nice restaurant and invited all their friends. The guests had a blast. The girls couldn't wait until next year.
Allie went to her room. She saw the candy cane tree. Her mom had made it. It looked amazing. Allie was so impressed.
Wyatt was really excited about the new superhero movie coming out. He made plans with friends to go on Friday night. But his parents reminded him Friday was dinner with the grandparents. Wyatt was disappointed but didn't want to miss his grandparents' visit. The next day, his dad took Wyatt and a friend to see the movie.
Amaya took her kite to the beach. She was excited to fly it for the first time. But then she realized she had no idea how! With very little wind, it was impossible. Amaya decided to wait for another day and try again.
A coworker of mine was walking in the park. He spotted something strange. A container with two betta fish in it! He brought them into work and I decided to adopt one. I named the fish Montague and kept him for a long time.
Jason was going to his friend's birthday party. He had gotten him a toy car as a gift. Jason gave the toy to his friend. The boys wanted to play with the car. They were disappointed when they realized they needed batteries.
On Thanksgiving morning the Smith girls were getting ready to cook. Everything was prepped and ready to cook, but something was missing. There was no cranberry sauce! The girls tried using other fruits to substitute, but none would do. Then Grandma Smith arrived with her world famous cranberry sauce!
Ana wanted a phone of her own. Her mom said Ana could have one if she paid for it. Ana resolved to save every penny of her allowance. Soon she had enough for a cell phone. Happily she went and purchase herself a cell phone!
Jay woke up early one morning. He had an appetite for a breakfast sandwich from Burger King. Jay showered, got dressed and hopped into his car. As he rounded the corner he noticed a closed sign on the Burger King. Jay's morning was ruined by this sight.
Mary wanted to paint her living room. She went to the store and bought a gallon of paint. Mary brought the paint home and set it in the living room. She laughed as she realized she forgot the paint brushes. Mary went back to the store to buy the paint brushes.
Greg wanted to play ball with his son. His son played for 30 minutes. His son hated it though. Greg decided to stop. He knew his son did not like it.
I love my job which many people can't honestly say. I work in retail and it's so easy. I get paid decent money for a very easy job. The benefits I get aren't bad either. I hope that I can work this job until I retire.
Robert wanted something interesting to do today. He went online and found activities in his area. He seen that the IronPigs would be playing a home game. He ordered a ticket for him and his son. They attended the game and even caught a home run ball!
Kyle sent a text message to all of his friends. He told them it was going to be a nice day, so let's play ball! After everyone arrived at the park, they began to shoot around. When Kyle hit a few long range shots, he clapped. He was going to be the captain for the first team.
A man offered Don a mysterious package at the Airport. The package had to be taken on the plane. He assures Don nothing is illegal in the package. The man offers him $5000 for his efforts. Don decides to decline the offer.
One year it snowed hard. I called into my job. They said not to come in. The guy that answered the phone was stuck there. It does not usually snow hard in that town.
I did dishes last night and came across a really dirty pan. I let it soak in the sink while I cleaned everything else. By the time all else was done, the pan was still very dirty. I had to scrape away at it with steel wool. By the time I went through two wool pads it was clean.
Tom was at a party with friends. He drank way too much. He threw up and passed out. His friends had to carry him out. Tom was embarrassed the next day.
Sarah was frying an egg. And she wanted to try to flip it without a spatula. She accidentally flipped the egg too hard. And it landed on the side that was already cooked. She was too scared to try flipping it again.
Rita wasn't sure if she should have carpet or wood floors in her room. She thought of a nice soft carpet to walk on. So she chose to have carpet installed. But the next day, her cat tore it all up. And she had no choice but to remove it.
The man put on his jacket. He soon became too hot. He took his jacket off. He became cold again. He put on a coat that was not as warm.
Jane wanted to grill with friends. They bought all the stuff needed. They went to the park. All of a sudden it started raining. They kept grilling under umbrellas.
A thirsty woman in a green dress offered the mailman a soda. He politely declined. His horoscope had said to be aware of water today. The mailman knew soda was mostly water. Just like he knew horoscopes were always true.
Alex liked the wallpaper in his living room. One day he noticed it had started to peel. He searched and searched for the same wallpaper to replace it. He couldn't find a match, so he decided to change all the walls. Alex ended up liking what he found and was content.
Gloria was always jealous of her sister because more boys liked her. When they got older, her sister bounced from guy to guy. None of the guys cared for her or stayed with her long. Gloria met a guy who truly loved her. She realized she never should have been jealous of her sister.
Laura had to walk home after work but it was raining. She brought an umbrella with her to work so she wasn't worried. Unfortunately she couldn't find the umbrella! She asked her co-workers and they told her where they saw it. She finally found it and walked home with the umbrella.
Brett is out celebrating his birthday. He is bar hopping all around town. He lands at his last bar and starts to cause trouble. He clearly has had too many beers. Brett is passed out drunk in the middle of the bar.
The group of young adults arrived in Colorado from their flight. The first thing they did was go skiing. Everyone loved skiing, although they weren't very good. After skiing, everyone went to the lodge for hot chocolate. They talked about their day, and said it was a great first day.
Andrew loved playing chess against his brother. Andrew's brother always beat Andrew. But Andrew was ready for his brother. Andrew went to his brothers house to play chess. Andrew finally beat his brother at chess.
Elton was meeting a client in a nice restaurant. His company had given him money to entertain the client. Elton paid for an expensive meal for himself and the client. He told stories and joked with the client. The client continued doing more and more business with the company.
Susan was eating popcorn at the movie theater. She got an extra large bucket to share with her friends. As she was biting into a piece of popcorn, she heard a crack. She had chipped her tooth on a hard kernel. Karen went to the dentist the next day to have her tooth repaired.
Bobby went to school with a beautiful girl named Cindy. Bobby had a huge crush on her. One day Bobby asked Cindy out for a cup of coffee. Cindy agreed and the two went off to the coffee shop. Bobby made a great first impression and even got a kiss.
I sprained my ankle playing basketball in middle school. I spent that afternoon in the ER getting x-rays. I had to use crutches for a week. There was a banquet coming up in two days. I toughed up and wore heels so I would look cute.
Mario was working on the bathroom pipes. He was a plumber. He tightened the bolts and fixed the drain. Sandra was happy to have a functioning sink again! She recommended Mario to all her friends.
The man grew old. He relied on other's help. He was rude to the people helping him. Those people stopped helping him. The man died sad.
Tim had rotten apples in his fridge. He did not know what to do with them. He felt so mad. He had an idea. He put them in the soil to make the earth richer.
Long had a very long stick. He had found it in Ohio but brought it to New York. It meant a lot to him as he found it with his best friend. One day, his mother threw it out. Long jumped into the dumpster to get his stick back though.
Bill was driving his car on the freeway. The front left side of the car suddenly fell and scrapped on the road. Bill thought he had lost a wheel. The car slid to a stop. Bill got out and discovered a broken ball joint.
Eric was saving up for a new video game. He wasn't making enough money at his retail job. He decided to steal some money from the register. The manager noticed the cash register was short money. Eric got fired from his job.
Our kids went to parochial school. We had to get a bank loan to pay for tuition. Once the bank gave us a check, but my wife misplaced it. The kids tore the place apart. My wife finally found the check.
I was standing next to a runway for an airplane. I was waiting for my wife to get off. When the plane landed I was eager to see my wife. She never came out of the airplane. Then I realize I was at the wrong runway.
I went to a New Year's party in South Africa with many youth. One girl I was talking to was thinking very seriously about life. We ended up talking about her hopes and dreams. We made plans to hang out again. Unfortunately I never saw her again before leaving.
Sue had recently gotten a new promotion at work. She was excited because she would be making more money. She decided to celebrate by buying a brand new car for herself. Sue drove her brand new car to work the next day. Her co-workers all complimented her brand new car.
Mary bought a special dress for her party at work. As she never went, it was a big deal to her. When she came in the reception area, she spotted her boss. But realization dawned on her as her boss wore the same dress. Mary skedaddled home to switch her dress right away.
Sam was running as fast as he could. He already passed 2 people. He had 3 more to pass. He was almost there. Sam was near the finish line.
Drake was doing chores around his farm. His sheep needed food and he was out of the store-bought stuff. He decided to give them some nice greens from dinner. The sheep loved it and ate it all up quickly. He decided to feed his sheep like that more often.
Sasha was trying out an archery class at her summer camp. The archery teacher showed her how to hold the bow and shoot. Sasha's first arrow went straight into the ground in front of her. The teacher corrected her, and Sasha didn't give up. By the end of the class, she managed to get a bullseye!
The Johnsons prided themselves on their well-manicured lawn. Every day John Johnson tended to his lawn. The Clarks next door were tired of the noise so early in the morning. They decided to put glue on his lawnmower handle. John Johnson didn't go anywhere without his lawnmower the next day.
Jessica didn't have enough money to pay her rent. She spent her last two dollars on a lottery ticket. She took the ticket home. She won a thousand dollars. She paid for her rent.
When I was a kid I went to karate classes. I hated going because I would never have fun there. Even though I never had fun, all the other kids did. Eventually the karate lessons paid off for me. I'm really glad I took karate lessons as a kid.
Tricia went to the fair. She went with her family. After the rides, she wanted a drink. She saw a lemonade stand. When she tasted the lemonade it was the best she ever had.
Larry loved to build large Lego buildings. Lary had several large Lego skyscrapers in his room. One day, Lary's dog ran into his room! His dog was clumsy and began wagging his tail, smashing the Legos! Lary was furious at his dog for destroying his creations.
Paul wanted to be on his school's basketball team. But he was always short. He began to gain confidence after practicing. But taller players always outplayed him. Paul decided to never try out for the basketball team.
Sam was riding her bike. She was going really fast down the sidewalk. A dog jumped out in front of her. Sam flipped over her handlebars. Sam broke her wrist.
James goes to the park every day. But on Monday he couldn't go because he was sick. So he spent the day sitting next to the window. He doesn't like to be inside. On Tuesday he was feeling better and ran to the park.
Tim was learning to count to ten. He got all the way to six. He needed a reminder of how much ten was. His mother said the answer was in his hands. Tim then realized he had ten fingers.
Kara and her friend Jill loved the county fair. They go to the fair every year. The girls have fun on the rides. They eat cotton candy and hot dogs. They always have a wonderful time.
Michael woke up late. He decided to just stay in bed. When he finally got up, he left the bed a mess. His girlfriend saw the bed. She wasn't happy.
The bath tub stopped draining one day. Cindy could not figure out why. She decided to undo the drain. When she did she found clumps of her hair. The tub now drains just fine.
Mike always thought drinking white wine was not for men. He made fun of his friends whenever they had white wine. One day Mike tried drinking it on his own. He loved the crisp, fresh flavor of white wine. From that day on, Mike loved white wine.
Jake was drunk with his friends at the beach. They decided to have a race to the water. Jake and all his friends fell before they got there. Some got back up and kept running. Most just laughed and the funny situation.
Jane needed a new job. She looked in the paper at listings. She found a job as a dog walker. Jane went and interviewed for the job. Jane now walks twelve dogs a day.
Andrew went to an all you eat place. So Andrew got lots off food for himself. He began to eat. Several plates later Andrew was finished. His stomach was bloated.
I went to a japanese steakhouse for the first time. I sat in front of the cook. He was flinging knives and igniting fire. The entire show was beautiful but made me nervous. I really enjoyed the experience.
Frankie liked to dance. He took dancing classes throughout high school. He decided to major in dance in college. Frankie was so talented that he was noticed by agents. Frankie now dances on Broadway.
Michelle has two daughters that she throws big birthday parties for. Her daughters have everything they need so they refuse birthday gifts. Instead they ask guests to bring an animal related donation or money. When their party is over they go through the gifts to sort them out. Then they bring all of the appropriate gifts to their animal shelter.
A very smart scientist created a robot that could bowl a perfect game. He took his robot to the robot to the alley to show off. The scientist challenged everyone to play against his robot. Every man took up the contest but lost. The robot was dubbed Doctor 300 and the best bowler around.
Tim was invited to a pool party. He didn't know how to swim. He accepted the invitation. He practiced swimming before he went. Tim had a fun time at the party.
Jon was at the airport. He had two hours before his flight back home. He decided to go shopping. He bought his son a toy from the airport mall. His son loved the toy!
Jamal was a skinny young black man who never had a fight. He was 21 years old and his father kicked him out the house. He went to live with his cousin. They robbed a house they partied at the previous night. Jamal was sentenced to three years in a tough prison.
Hill had a very big cello. One day when he was playing it, it cracked. He was sad but he got it repaired. It cost a lot of money but it was worth it. Finally, Hill was able to play on his cello.
I was at the park with my friends. We threw our garbage on the ground. We figured a little litter would not hurt. By the end of the day, the park was covered in trash. We felt so bad that we cleaned the entire park.
Megan took out her hula hoop and began to hoop. She kept the hoop going around for a long time. This made Megan very tired. She put the hoop down and took a rest. After a while she started hooping once again.
Tom decided to cook dinner. He was going to make homemade pizza. He bought all the ingredients. However, he grabbed the wrong type of sauce. It still turned out to taste delicious and everyone loved it.
Kate and her friends had a suite at a hotel in Vegas. When they opened the door their jaws dropped. The room was decorated to look very expensive. Kate thought this was a place for a celebrity to stay. She felt like she was on an episode of MTV Cribs.
Rylie was decorating cookies. She had one big cookie and she was frosting it. Suddenly, the leg of the gingerbread guy broke off. She was so disappointed. Luckily, there were plenty of other cookies.
Charlotte's father Albert was a farmer. One day Charlotte asked her father why he was carrying an axe. Albert explained he was on his way to kill one of their pigs. Charlotte cried and asked why he would do such a thing. After much protest, Albert agreed to spare the pig.
Jane enjoyed growing vegetables in her garden. She planted some new squash and waited patiently for them to grow. One day hungry squirrels dug up her garden and ate all of her plants. She noticed that the squirrels had buried a peanut in one of her pots. The peanut plant grew and soon she had fresh peanuts!
John's mom was dying. He knew she always wanted to go to Paris with his dad. So John booked a flight to Paris for his dad and mom. Payed for their hotel and their other expenses. John was glad to hear from his dad that she was having a good time.
Recently in my life, I have developed partial dyslexia. It's very weird to me because I have never had it before. Imagine reading a sentence and knowing what it says. Then when you reread it, and it says something entirely different. It's very annoying and makes reading books harder than it should be.
Tom was doing laundry. He wasn't paying attention. He poured bleach instead of detergent. It ruined most of his clothes. Tom had to buy a new wardrobe.
Sue set up a small little area for a balcony party. She put a table and chairs on the balcony and added food and drinks. Her friends came over, sat on the balcony, ate and drank, and chatted. They played music and laughed and had fun. The party ended, and her friends went home.
Jenny was overweight for most of her life. She did many diets but always quit. One day Jenny's doctor said her weight will cause illness. Jenny got motivated and started a new healthier lifestyle. After one year, Jenny is at her goal weight and healthy.
One day I couldn't find my dog. I looked everywhere in the house for him. I called his name but he didn't come. Then I heard barking and followed it into my bedroom. He was trapped in the closet!
I was hungry while at a mall. So I ordered oatmeal at a coffee shop. It had no oat flavor. And it tasted too salty. I decided to get proper meals at restaurants from then on.
Jason decides to eat a hamburger. At first he has trouble getting ketchup out of the bottle. Finally he gets some ketchup out and onto his burger. He enjoys eating the burger. Jason is glad he ate a burger.
There was a poker tournament at the local casino. The buy in was $100. Ben thought he had a chance of winning the jackpot, so entered. After only 20 hands, Ben had lost all of his chips. He didn't expect there to be such professionals in town.
Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident. Reggie needed to go to a nearby store. Reggie got some electronics and some beer for later. Reggie headed home and went to turn left at a green light. A vehicle with a turn signal did not turn and crashed into Reggie.
A band wanted to sound different. The guitarists were really creative. They bought cello bows. They played guitars with them. The sound made them famous.
My fiance made steaks for dinner. He likes his well done and I like mine rare. He cooked his for 20 minutes longer than mine. He burned his steak. We went out for dinner instead.
The Oakland Raiders were my pick to win their division this season. They have a solid offensive line and a pro-bowl quarterback. They opened the season Sunday against the New Orleans Saints. Trailing 24-13 after three quarters, they managed to pull out a win. Their victory has them off to a good start.
Jane got a new kitty. It decided to sleep on her lap. Jane thought it looked too cute to move. She stayed sitting for hours. Eventually her legs fell asleep before she moved.
Allie really wanted to try some new tea. She found some that was on sale. So she picked it up at the store. When she got it it was wonderful. She wanted to buy it again.
Tom was driving home. He was listening to his music. He entered his neighborhood. His neighbors heard the music. His neighbors came out to complain.
Amy had a crush on a guy in her class. She found out his name was Ray and he was new in town. Since the teacher was talking the couldn't speak anymore. After class he left before she could say anything else to him. Amy watched in a daze as Ray walked down the hall.
Rebecca has always feared going to the dentist's office. She has avoided the dentist for over two Year's. Finally she decides to go to the dentist's office. She has her teeth cleaned thoroughly. She decides that the dentist wasn't as bad as she feared.
I went to play volleyball last weekend. It was a lot of fun, but it was also hot outside. I forgot to bring sunscreen with me. We were out for way too long and I got sunburned. Even though my sunburn hurts, I had a lot of fun.
Fred was looking to buy a new car. And his friend talked him into getting the same one he drove. Fred reluctantly bought the vehicle. And after a few weeks, he deeply regret it. Fred decided to listen to himself first from then on.
Ben wanted a pet. Ben went to the pet store. He looked at ferrets, but the ferrets smelled strange. He looked at puppies, but the puppies were very loud. Ben chose a cat, as cats are quiet and don't smell very bad.
Andy loved winter weather. He was excited to play in the snow. He waited and waited for the snow. On the last day of winter, it finally snowed! Andy happily built a snowman and went sledding all day.
Kelly was warned of wind speeds today before she went to school. However she decided not to listen. Unfortunately as she walked to school, the wind overtook her. Her hat was blown away and so was her umbrella. She could have gotten hurt and learned her lesson.
Aya was terrified of needles, and always had been. So, going into labor with her first baby, she refused the epidural. Her family was very proud of her. But deep down, Aya felt she didn't deserve the praise. She wasn't brave- she was just terrified of the spinal injection!
Tom used his phone often. He was constantly charging it. Tom realized he was not using the correct charger. His phone would charge slower than it should. Tom bought the correct charger and solved the problem.
Jerry was recently touring a new city. He was trying to cross a busy highway in the city. He could not wait for the crossing signal at the crosswalk. In deciding to cross the street, Jerry got stopped by a cop. Jerry was upset to learn he was cited with Jaywalking.
Every day Joe passed a church that had a sign out front. One day he went into the church. He asked the pastor if Jesus really loved him. The pastor replied that Jesus loved everyone. Joe replied that Jesus sounded like a skank.
Aaron put a lock on the department dumpster. Because Aaron was a small man, his ego was often hurt. He eagerly waited for people to react to what he'd done. People were not at all pleased with what Aaron had done. They put Aaron in a dumpster and set it on fire.
Sarah wanted a net to catch bugs. Sarah's mom bought her a net for her birthday. Sarah spent days trying to catch a bug. When she finally caught one, it bit her. The bug was poisonous and Sarah went into a coma.
Ann's mom loved driving on her monthly spontaneous road trip. But as she aged, her vision worsened, until driving was impossible. Ann knew her mom was unhappy, so she thought of a great solution. She offered to start a new tradition, just the two of them. Now every month, Ann drives her mom on their monthly road trip!
Steve's daughter was having her ballet recital. Steve got to the recital late. He missed his daughter's first number. His daughter asked him how she did. Steve lied and said he loved it.
Suzy wanted to get her friends together. She had a taco night. They all had fun. But all the sudden the power went out. She didn't get power back for another two hours.
A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine. Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill. One morning he went to Mcdonald's and asked for a water cup. He filled the cup with soda. The manager screamed for security and police came from an office.
The boy climbed over the fence. He walked over to his ball. A dog in the yard saw him. The dog chased after him. The boy barely got back over the fence in time.
Julia was baking cookies. She was adding things to the mixer. An egg slipped and the whole thing fell into the mixing bowl. It made bits of egg shell mix in with the batter. She yelled and threw the batter away.
It was my first time to have job interview. I don't have any idea what to wear and what to bring. So i decided to search on the internet what are the do's and dont's. So i think i was prepared for the interview. After my interview,someone called me and she said i was hired.
Kenny is in love. Kenny is about to propose to his girlfriend. He took his girlfriend to a sandy beach to purpose. He got down on one knee and asked her to be his wife. She told him no and broke his heart.
Johnny could not decide what flavor snow cone to get. Everyone else in his family had theirs already. He narrowed it down to two flavors. Finally the lady at the counter suggested he get half and half. It was a great solution to his snow cone problem.
Martin got a job at a fast food place. One day his boss asked him to host a birthday party. Martin was nervous and didn't do a good job. The family that bought the birthday party complained. Martin was never asked to host a birthday party again.
Sally wanted to have a picnic with her friend this weekend. They decided to have it at the park. They brought all of their favorite foods. It wasn't until they finished that they noticed a beehive above them. Luckily, the packed up before disturbing the beehive.
I was watching wrestling on tv with friends. We started doing the wrestling moves we saw. I accidentally fell on my back. I howled in pain. I learned that I shouldn't copy what I see on tv.
Trent is walking in the  park one day. As he is walking he feels a rough surface under him. He scratches off the dirt to see what it is. He sees a treasure chest. He digs up the treasure and becomes rich.
Tom always had back pain. He decided to go to a specialist. They ran different tests on him. They weren't able to figure out what the problem was. Tom stayed having back pains.
Ethan didn't know what sign to follow. One sign had an arrow to the left. Another sign had the arrow to the right. He decided to go to the right. It led him to where he wanted to go.
Alicia participated in a race. It was for gym class. She hated running however. So finally she ran as fast as she could but it was not enough. She finished dead last.
Lance painted his car with spray paint. When he was done there was paint on the windows. He scraped the paint off of the windows. He cut his finger while he was scraping the paint. His blood discolored some of the paint on the car.
Sam walked in her home and flipped the switch but no light came on. After checking the bulbs she learned the fixture was broken. She went to the store and picked out a new one. She took it home and carefully installed it where the old one was. Sam flipped the switch and was happy to see the light come on.
The other day I wore my boots without socks. This small mistake led to an ingrown toenail. I stupidly tried to remove it myself. It got infected and I was in a lot of pain. Thankfully, the doctor was able to remove it.
Eliza was playing a video game. Her dad asked her if she had any studying to do. Eliza told him she didn't. Eliza didn't study and failed her test the next day. Eliza's dad took the video game away from her.
Joe needed to buy a textbook for his Biology class. He didn't want to pay for it so he asked a friend to borrow theirs. He took his book to his dad's job and spent all day photocopying it. His dad finally realized what Joe was doing and scolded him. Now Joe has to work on the weekends to pay his dad back.
Mia had a warrant for her arrest. Her thought was to move far away. She felt this would eliminate her need to look over her shoulder. She packed up all her things and moved. Now Mia lives carefree without worry.
Earl was staring at his yard one day. He thought it was time to cut the grass. Earl goes outside and starts the lawn mower. Earl cuts his grass neatly. Earl is proud of his accomplishment.
Jane was having a hard time seeing the chalkboard in class. And today the school was being tested for vision and hearing. Jane hoped she would pass both tests. But she failed the vision portion of the test. Jane was devastated.
The family was going for a walk. They decided to take a stroll across the bridge. As they walked, they admired the sparkling water. Once they reached the end, they turned around and walked back. It had been a great family stroll.
Jane and Jeremy went on a picnic last Saturday. Jane was excited for their first date. She packed lots of fruits for their romantic dinner. Jeremy liked all the fruits Jane has packed. They had a great first date, and Jeremy asked Jane on another date.
One day, I went to the gas station. It was a very snowy and icy day. As I approached the door, I slipped, was airborne and fell! Everyone was looking and I was so embarrassed! After that, whenever there was snow and ice I wore tennis shoes!
James's school was having basketball tryouts. James doubted he could make the team, but he vowed to try. He went to the gym after classes. There, he shot hoops for the coach. To his surprise, he actually made the cut!
Erin went to the local farm. They had a pick-your-own special for apples that day. She went and picked several ripe, red apples from the trees. When she bit into one, though, she also bit into a worm inside it! Erin didn't want to eat any apples for a long time after that.
Tim loved bacon. So he added it to every meal he ate. But he began to feel pain in his heart. And his doctor told him he had to change his diet. But Tim's bacon obsession was too deep.
Lucy was bored at her grandparents. Watching TV with her grandpa was no better. She tried to leave. Grandpa didn't want her to since he was enjoying her company. Lucy stayed and watched the show to make grandpa happy.
Fred had been working all day and really needed a snack. He kept telling himself to eat but he would forget and keep working. Fred's computer died while he was in the middle of a big project. He decided to make himself a sandwich but his computer turned back on. Fred raced back to his computer but he left his sandwich behind.
We went to Be Our Guest restaurant while we were in Disney. The decorations inside were amazing. We were seated in a dark room that had the rose in the glass. Every so often a petal would fall from the rose. It was a great meal and a great experience for us all.
Larry bought a new pontoon boat. He invited his friends and threw a party on it. Everyone showed up. Larry had a great time on the lake. He had several more parties on his boat.
Everyone walked into the front of the stage. We were waiting on Nancy to appear. Since she was taking a long time to get dressed, we had to eat. The audience started to shout at us. One individual decided to get up and throw a tomato at us.
Kary loved to collect vintage cars. Kary had hundreds of them in a warehouse! She wanted to buy a new house but had no money left! She decided to sell her old cars for money. She sold all of them and bought the house of her dreams!
Gordon had played air hockey for all 23 years of his life. There was an air hockey competition in town, so he entered. Gordon was confident in his abilities. He didn't feel the need to practice before the competition. Gordon lost the competition because his opponent had practiced.
Sue was going on a date the upcoming weekend. She was nervous. Her best friend Janice decided to take her on a practice date. They went out to dinner and pretended that it was a real date. Sue was no longer nervous for her real date afterwards.
My friend is an opera singer. She joined a program to improve her singing abilities. The program took place in Prague. She went to Prague to participate in the program. It was a very good experience.
Roger liked to work on his car. He planned on completely rebuilding his car for a show. He finished his car and had it running. Roger entered the car into the car show. All the enthusiasts loved his car.
It was a grueling hike to the summit. Tammy and her friend were almost there. They struggled up the very last part. They stood on top, admiring what they had accomplished. Tammy and her friend high fived and celebrated.
Susie had a blind date. She had low expectations. The date went terribly. She however gave the guy another chance. And eventually they became a couple.
Nora was sweating so much, she was soaking wet. Her house was very hot, but it was hotter outside! She went into all the rooms and collected all four fans. Then she aimed them all at herself. Finally, Nora had a breeze to properly cool her off!
Susan wanted to start a business. She decided to start an Italian restaurant in her home town. She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen. Her restaurant eventually became very successful. It was featured in many magazines and TV shows.
Tim has a biology test on Friday. He decided to pull an allnighter. However, he fell asleep while studying. Tim missed his test. Luckily his teacher let him reschedule.
Bob had been hiking all day. Finally, he had reached the famous gorge. The view was amazing! He loved looking out over the amazing site. He rested and took lots of photos.
The storm clouds were approaching Ben's work building. He ran to his car to get his umbrella for later. Ben was able to get the umbrella out and ran back inside the building. The storm came down as soon as he shut the door. Ben used his umbrella in the rain when he left work in an hour.
I thought I could go without caffeine to wake me up. I sat at my desk, trying to concentrate. I felt foggy headed and unfocused. I gave up and got a diet mountain dew. I drank the entire can before I felt better.
Tommy met Julia at a local taqueria. He was enamored with her look, smell and spirit. He went up to her and planted a kiss on her! They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria. He felt meeting her was love at first sight.
Stacy always thought her mom was boring. One day Stacy asked her mom about her life. Stacy's mom had traveled all across the world. Stacy was incredibly surprised! She never knew her mom was so interesting!
Susie found a phone lying on the sidewalk. The phone was the model she had always wanted. Susie picked up the phone and stuck it quickly in her purse. When she got home, Susie looked at the pictures on the phone. Thinking of the owner, she decided to try to return it.
Sam didn't sleep well last night. At school he was really tired. He had a hard time following the history class and fell asleep. His teacher woke him up and warned him to not fall asleep again. Sam felt embarrassed and was planning on going to bed early that day.
Spencer didn't like his city mayor. Election season was coming up. He wanted to change it. He signed up to run. He won the vote!
Joe had a bunch of batteries for his speakers. He played music all the time. One day he ran out of batteries. He was frantic. He then decided to buy speakers that can be charged.
Karl was a good baseball player in his youth. As a middle-aged man, he joined an adult baseball team. Karl is very competitive and will do anything to win. One day, he slid into second base to beat a throw and hurt his knee. The injury made Karl realize that he wasn't young anymore.
Joan moved into a new apartment. She saw scorpions there. She hired a exterminator. There were still scorpions after the treatment. She moved out of the house because she was scared.
Marco had to take a test in school. He was very worried all day. During the test, he was forced to guess on many questions. Then, the day of the results came. He had done a horrible job and would have to retake the test.
John was riding his motorcycle. He was going fast down the road. All of a sudden he swerved to avoid a pothole. The bike flipped. John broke his arm and had to get a cast.
Garry was at the jewelry store. He was looking to buy an engagement ring for his girlfriend. A friendly-looking older woman walked into the store. The woman pulled out a gun and started breaking the display cases. Garry punched the woman and knocked her out.
Susie wanted to stay in the park. But her family was very eager to leave. She started to throw a fit. Her parents would not back down. They threatened to take her doll away so Susie had to listen.
Benny couldn't stop annoying his parents. He was too eager to ride the new roller coaster. To make him quiet, they decided to take him there. Benny started to cry when the roller coaster moved. It was fast-moving and had multiple sharp turns.
Kate missed her best friend Sue. Since Sue was out of town for the summer they were texting. Kate texted Sue her weird dream about school. But Sue didn't reply right away like she normally did. Four hours later Kate was upset she was being ignored.
Last week Katie went on a cruise to the Caribbean. She had lots of fun and bought souvenirs in every port. Every time she bought a souvenir she put it in her suitcase. At the end of the cruise she went to the airport and checked her bag. When she landed her suitcase was missing and still hasn't been found.
Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day. She was not wearing the appropriate shoes. She came across a creek that she had to walk through. She fell in the creek and was gently washed by the water. She honestly felt great after that since it was a warm day.
The class began writing their essays. The teacher had high hopes for Tim since he's her best student. For 20 minutes, Tim was staring at his paper. When he started to write, he only had five minutes. He submitted one sentence.
Tom's girlfriend was an artist. Tom wasn't artistically inclined. He always thought her work was ugly. Eventually she got really famous and made lots of money. Tom could never figure out why.
Ina had never had hot peppers. One day her mom made salsa with green chiles. She begged Ina to just sample to salsa, and Ina grudgingly agreed. Surprisingly, the first bite was followed by many more. Ina found the salsa to be delicious - and NOT too spicy!
Amy realized that the summer was ending and school would start soon. She made a list of the things she needed to buy. Amy waited till the last day to go to the mall. She was lucky and found everything she needed in one day. She went to school well prepared despite her procrastination.
Holly was ecstatic when she found out she was pregnant! When she found out she was having twins she was happy and worried. She was going to be a single mom and more than one baby scared her. Her sister decided to move in with her so she could help out. The baby boys finally came and things were better than she thought!
Sara was on a family trip. She wanted to call her boyfriend, but she was in trouble. When her parents weren't looking, she found a pay phone. Then, she called her boyfriend. They were talking when her mom caught her.
Eve always wanted to live abroad. She got a chance to study overseas. Eve spent a semester attending school in Italy. She was more homesick than she thought. Eve came back home after a semester.
Sal was attending a wedding. He wore a suit to the wedding. He spilled a bit of food on his suit. Sal couldn't get the food off of his suit. He brought the suit to the cleaners the next day.
Dave is in a classical band. Dave plays the flute for the band. Dave plays 18 songs with his band. Dave gets tired and has to stop playing. Dave packs his flute up and goes home.
Jeff had to give a speech at his job next month. It was going to be in front of the entire company. Jeff was nervous because he gets stage fright. He took a crash course of public speaking which helped him a lot. By the time the day came to give the speech Jeff was confident!
Allen was sad on Christmas. He wanted to buy his girlfriend a new phone. He didn't have enough money so he went to buy her flowers. On the way to the florist he found a $100 bill. He picked it up and bought his girlfriend a new phone.
Just a week after getting a new phone, Brad dropped it. The screen on the phone cracked. Brad had to take the phone to a repair shop. He was thankful to learn that the phone was still under warranty. The screen was fixed and good as new.
Dan wanted to claim the prize from his cereal. When he got home he began to open the bag. His mother stopped him. He wasn't allowed to open the cereal until breakfast. Dan sulked in his room all night long.
Judy was opening anniversary gifts. A pretty purple package caught her eye. Inside, she found the most perfect set of china. Her mother in law had given her the great gift. Judy thanked her for being so considerate.
Marie ate at her brother's house. She felt really sick when she got home. Marie told her brother about how she was sick. He had been sick too! They figured they had food poisoning.
Jana needed to store some furniture at her dad's house. She moved a sofa and loveseat into his spare bedroom. Her dad was upset that she had blocked the closet door. He helped Jana move the furniture into the garage. Jana and her dad were satisfied with the storage arrangement.
Eddie parked on the street to run into a coffee shop. He had his laptop in the passenger's seat. He would only be gone for a minute so he wasn't worried. When he came out of the shop he saw the side window was broken. His laptop had been stolen.
Lucy's grandpa wouldn't take her to blockbuster. Her grandma rarely drove anywhere. She expected her grandma to decline, but she asked anyway. Her grandma was silent and gave her a meaningful look. Lucy was surprised, but pleased when she agreed to drive her.
My brother was all excited the other day. Our grandfather used to cook a special Chinese style custard. He passed away in 1982. My brother was surfing the net and found a recipe for this dish. He made a custard just like our grandfather's.
Mary was going to her family's Thanksgiving dinner. She was responsible for making deviled eggs. She tried her best to make the eggs look pretty. Unfortunately, she messed up while peeling them and filling them. They tasted okay, but they were very ugly.
Teddy was an avid bird watcher. He went into a forest nearby with his binoculars. Most of the birds he saw were very familiar to him. Then he saw one he had never seen before. Standing on a branch far away he could see a beautiful eagle.
Sally wasn't feeling well when she got home from school. She took her temperature and saw that she had a fever. She poured herself a glass of orange juice and went to her room. Sally crawled in bed and pulled the covers over her. The dance was this Friday and she hoped she'd get better by then.
Ella wrote her grandma a letter. She went to the post office to mail it. But they told her she needed a stamp! A kind stranger gave little Ella the stamp. Ella happily posted her letter.
We spend like a week decorating for the Holidays. Last night we did it all We did the inside, then the outside. After that we took loads of pictures of our hard work. This year it really didn't take that long.
Tim had an expensive old vacuum. It worked great up until it broke. Tim took it to a local shop to get it fixed. It was a bit expensive but Tim felt it was worth it. He got it fixed and kept the vacuum for several more years.
Brad asked Nate if they can hang out tonight. However, Nate refused since they had no money to go anywhere. When Brad got paid from work the next day, Nate called him. He tried to ask if they can hang out for tomorrow. Brad immediately hung up.
Bernie Sanders ran for President. He won by a landslide. Bernie made a huge difference to the middle class and poor. Everyone loves Bernie. He created changes America desperately needed to have.
Anna's husband broke her heart when they divorced. For years she refused to even date anyone else. Then gradually she softened and started seeing someone new. Soon she had to admit the truth to herself. Anna had fallen in love with her new beau!
Tom was at starbucks trying to get a coffee. The service was pretty slow. By the time he got his drink it was already cool. Tom complained to the people working. They apologized and offered him a new drink.
I was hiking in a forest. I had to cross a stream. I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood. I started to cross the bridge. The bridge collapsed and I fell into the stream.
The family had been at the airport for hours. Their plane was having mechanical issues. Finally, it was time to board. The mom was too nervous after the issues. She refused to get on.
Allie had rich parents. They decided to buy a plane. Allie was excited. Her parents got a deal. They used it right away.
Sandy was excited. She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago. Sandy's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week. Sandy met her daughter at the airport. Both of them started to cry when they saw each other.
Scotty had very greasy hair. He used a lot of product. We called him Crisco head because of it. It never seemed to hurt his feelings. One day he said it did.
Fanny wanted to decorate her garden. She decided to buy some plants. She went to the garden center. She bought some roses. Now, her garden looked beautiful.
Eric's neighbor raised chickens. Eric was cooking dinner. He needed an egg to complete his exercise. Eric was out of eggs. Eric's neighbor gave him a few eggs.
Mary's mom turned her bedroom light off and closed the door. Mary jumped up and dove under her bed for cover. She knew her brothers would be sitting on the wall. The her room and her brother's that didn't reach the ceiling. A sudden shower of pillows rained down on her bed.
Craig was saving up to buy his dream car. He was finally able to buy it. Upon purchasing it, he decided to take it on the highway. Craig made the bad decision to speed on the highway. He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car.
Jan was turning 50. Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace. He wrapped it up and gave it to her at her party. It was sparkly and beautiful! Jan put it on immediately.
In a small town in Indiana, Kendrick knew he would become successful. He worked every single day for him and his family. While working, he also put in hours at night for his new venture. His family was worried that he was working to much and was too tired. But after a couple years, they moved to their home country in Brazil.
Henry has always been a bit messy. Henry has clothes and trash covering his bedroom floor. Henry's parents demanded he clean his room before going outside. Henry worked hard to obey his parents and clean his room. Now Henry's room is clean and Henry's parents are proud of him!
Jeffery never liked beets or carrots. His mother tried several dishes to see if he liked them a certain way. One day, his mom said she was preparing a special dish for him. It was so delicious that he scarfed it down and asked for seconds. His mother admitted she had hidden both beets and carrots in it.
Shelley was sitting in the living room. She was enjoying watching Jeopardy. A small noise was coming near the front door. Shelley got up and opened the door. She found a tiny kitten relaxing under a bush near her front door.
Chad wanted to buy his wife a special gift. Chad decided he would get her some jewelry. Chad looked online, and saw a nice diamond necklace. Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife. Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought.
Gina's mother taught her to play spades. She wasn't good. But her brother and sister picked it up right away. This angered Gina greatly. Gina didn't like not being good at something.
I went on a trip to the zoo. I saw an alligator sleeping near the water. I clapped my hands to wake it up. The alligator jumped up and ran into the water. I decided I would never be that rude again.
I like playing in the ball pits. The kind with all different colors are my favorite. I like to hide in them. Once, I thought I was going to be squished by others. It was one of the scariest moments of my life.
Lisa was a ballet dancer. She was rehearsing in a ballet room. Suddenly, she tripped and fell down. Her ankle was in pain. They had to take her to the hospital.
Megan was going grocery shopping. She pulled into the parking lot. Megan found a parking spot. There were shopping carts in the spot. Megan got out the car and moved the carts.
Amy and Beth decided to go for a walk. They ended up on the block Amy's crush Ray lived on. Beth suggested they walk past the block. Amy decided she wanted to walk down the block. Amy walked passed hoping to see her crush.
Sam noticed a bad smell in his apartment. He tried to figure out what it was. Eventually he noticed it was the trash. He was tired but decided to take it out anyway. It got rid of the smell.
It was near midnight when Lewis and his friend were outside. The boys decided to roast some marshmallows by the campfire. The got the marshmallows on sticks and hung them over the fire. The marshmallows were all sticky and looked good. As soon as the boys tasted the marshmallows they were in heaven.
My dad was a basketball player in high school. He never played in college but still loves the game. He taught me to play when I was little. I learned to love the game and taught my kids to play. Every Sunday he comes over and we all play a few games together.
Emily wanted to go on a vacation. She searched for good deals on flights everyday. Eventually she found a great deal. She booked tickets to the Bahamas. She was very happy and excited about her upcoming trip.
Chung was trying to spend more time with her mom. She decided to go to a thing called paint night with her once a month. They thought it would be fun to drink wine and paint pictures. Chung didn't realize how low her tolerance to alcohol was until then. She was too drunk to finish the photo and passed out mid session.
Gloria was saving for a new doll she saw at the toy store. When she had enough saved, she went to the toy store. The doll she wanted was sold, but there were others to buy. Gloria bought a different doll. She named it after her least favorite aunt.
Maritess is a strict boss. She i quick to fire an employee for being late to work. One day her assistant did not show up for work. Maritess had called her several times through the day. Turns out she was in the hospital with the flu.
My mom asked me if I was planning to visit my aunt. I told her no since I had to complete some homework. She told me to buy my own food since she's going there. Considering that I'm broke, I decided to bring my schoolwork there. Despite being distracted by my aunt's house, I finished some work.
Gigi had two small children when she found herself pregnant again. Both of her pregnancies were fairly normal but this one was different. She noticed that she gained a lot of weight and was always thirsty. The Doctor became concerned and ordered numerous tests. The test results revealed she had gestational diabetes.
Tom wanted to make dinner. He was missing some ingredient.s. He asked his wife to get them. She read the list wrong and got the wrong ones. Tom had to cook something else instead.
Jason found a strange jacket in his locker. He called security to tell them someone had messed with his locker. The security guard looked at the jacket. He told Jason it was his. And Jason, blushing, apologized for opening the wrong locker.
Eric was at a restaurant with his friends. And he decided to eat very little for health reasons. But when he got home, he felt very unsatisfied. He ended up eating tons of fat and sugary foods. Eric wished he had just eaten a normal meal before.
Eva needed glasses. She was embarrassed about needing them. She thought her friends would mock her. Then she found a really cute pair to wear. And her friends said she was even cuter now!
I was going to a job interview at a prestigious law firm. Most people prepare by practicing in front of the mirror, as did I. I had a set of questions and answers that I rehearsed over and over. Unfortunately, I wasn't asked any of the questions I had prepared. As a result, I did very poorly at the interview.
Liam was getting ready to play in his first soccer match. He was very nervous. He went to his dad and asked him to practice with him. They practiced for an hour the night before. The day of the match, he scored a goal and his team won.
Opening day is right around the corner. Baseball is America's pastime and the games will begin soon. Sunday April 3rd, there will be three opening day games. Monday April 4th, there will be a full slate of games all day. The countdown is on as we are less than a week away.
Egbert went to the store for new pants. He asked the clerk for help. The clerk picked out some overalls. Egbert bought the overalls. Egbert wore his new pants on his first day of school.
Mindy was trying to raise money with a car wash. She wasn't getting any customers. She decided to offer a brownie incentive. Soon, she had more customers lining up like crazy. She made the money she needed really fast.
Emma needed a dress for a wedding she was attending. She had recently lost weight so all her dresses were too big. She looked at a store's website and found the perfect dress! But when she got to the store, they informed her it was out of stock. She looked through the racks and found an even prettier one.
Hannah was making a morning smoothie. She added blueberries and bananas and strawberries. She blended it together, but it lacked something. She got out vanilla ice cream and added it. It was now delicious, but not nutritious.
We were out all day yesterday. The heat made me tired. I could barely function. So when we got to the house I slept. I had a long nap.
Benny loved to try new things. So he mixed different flavors of ice cream for fun. Some were very weird, but he loved pistachio and banana. So when he grew older he founded an ice cream company. And his main flavor that became famous was pistachio and banana.
Jeff's jeep needed gas. He went to the nearest gas station to fill up. When he arrived, the station was full of cars. The price of gasoline dropped forty cents overnight! Jeff waited patiently in his jeep for the discounted gasoline.
Bonnie loved playing volleyball. The night before a big game Bonnie was so nervous she couldn't sleep. When the big game started Bonnie was very tired. She was so exhausted that she did not play very well. Bonnie's team ended up losing the game.
Aki was camping. He told a scary story around the fire. He thought it would get a few laughs. But he was surprised. It scared everybody!
Mary went to this cute cafe for breakfast. They make these delicious scones. They have quite a few varieties. She got a blueberry one with her coffee. It's one of her favorite places.
My grandmother and I go to garage sales every Saturday. She picks me up from my house at 7 o'clock. We make a list of local sales. At each sale we try to find the best items. We buy a lot of good use items for great prices.
Mike wanted to go out more. But walking could only take him so far. So he saved up money for his own car. He was happy when he could finally afford a car. And he drove to fun places everyday.
Jeff impulsively purchased a new dirt bike. He didn't know how to ride it, so he watched videos online. Feeling that he had sufficient knowledge, he decided to go for a ride. Within minutes, he crashed the bike into a mound. Laying in the dirt, he felt foolish for not learning how to ride.
Allie was expecting children. She assumed that she would be having twins. But she found out she was having four kids. Allie could not believe it. She then did not know what she was going to do.
Sally's favorite toy was a teddy bear. She carried the bear everywhere she went. One day her family went to a restaurant and she brought the bear. She was so excited about the restaurant that she forgot her bear. Sally was very upset when she realized she couldn't find it.
Martha was an aspiring artist. She entered her painting into a contest. She was really nervous but she thought she could do well. Sadly, her piece didn't even score high enough to win anything. She decided to just try again next year.
Tim's little brother had a scary dream. He asked if he could sleep in Tim's room. Tim thought it was lame but always agreed. Tim's little brother was momentarily relieved. Tim felt like a protector.
Rylie had just bought a snowman sign for Christmas. She tried to keep it safe, but it got bent in the car. When she got home and hung it up, it looked awkward. She tried to fix it by bending it down. Finally, the sign laid flat and looked normal.
Jimmy was finally old enough to hunt by himself. Jimmy had meticulously planned every detail of his hunting trip. All packed, Jimmy left the house and headed toward his favorite stand. After some time, a bear emerged and charged right at Jimmy. Jimmy suddenly realized that he had forgotten to pack ammo.
Sally really loves to play soccer. She joined a team with her friends and she plays everyday. Her coach and her teammates are all really fun. Sally practiced extra hard for her first match. She won her first game by scoring the winning goal!
We have a bus stop in front of our building. One day two women sat on the bench waiting for the bus. The bus stop was fifty feet away from them. The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting. The women laughed it off and decided to walk.
The giraffe tried to eat the leaves. The giraffe couldn't reach the leaves. He tried to get closer, but there was a fence in the way. He charged at the fence and knocked it down. The Giraffe ate all the leaves on the tree.
Ana was preparing to drive to work one morning. But her car would not start! She called a mechanic to come help her. He came and inspected her vehicle. Then he informed her that her gas tank was frozen!
Maya loved horses. She wanted to go on a horseback ride. Her mom took her to a range where rides were offered. She and Maya both got to ride on horses. Maya had a wonderful time!
I decided to try a new recipe. I bought all the ingredients for lasagna. I followed the instructions. I opened the ricotta cheese and it smelled horrible. I did not get to make the lasagna.
There were nine seconds left on the clock. Camden took the inbounds pass at the top of the key. He faked a pass to the wing. He drove hard to the basket. His shot fell through just as time expired.
John was good in school. The bad kids teased him. They were mad because they did not do well. John helped them study for the big test. They never teased John again.
Joe had a great aunt who lived in London, far from his home. This Christmas he would finally be meeting her! He was nervous, hoping she would like him. He was scared to meet her when she arrived from the airport. But after just a day together, the two became best friends!
John didn't know he was being followed. When he got on the train, a man approached him. He handed John a small piece of paper. It said RAVINCORP in bold letters. John had been offered a job by the CIA, he just didn't know it yet.
For many Years Tina had been working on her own drink line. She was thrilled by its success. To her delight and surprise a company offered her 25 million for it. She couldn't believe she could be bought out. She ended up agreeing and became wealthy as a result.
Simon's parents had to run some errands. They asked Simon to walk the dog while they were gone. Simon agreed to take the dog when he finished playing his video game. Simon became so engrossed in his game, he forgot to walk the dog. When Simon's parents came home they were disappointed.
Danisha was looking for her headphones. She wanted to listen to music on the train. She couldn't do that without her headphones. After searching through her things, she gave up. Danisha was in a bad mood after that.
I tried to play chess with my wife. She had never played the game before. It took her a little while to learn the rules. I moved a piece without looking. She beat me.
Ivan wanted a sports car. But he didn't have enough money. So he sold important belongings of his. And he was happy that he could finally afford the car he wanted. But after a while, he felt very empty inside.
Bob was left home alone by his parents. They went on a trip and forgot about him. Bob liked it at first and partied. He soon noticed he liked his parents around. They returned home as soon as they could.
I spent the day at the park. I was out in the sun for four hours. I put on a lot of sunblock. I even reapplied it frequently. I got a sunburn.
John's hair was too long. So he decided to get a haircut. John went to his local barber. Got his haircut. He looks very nice now.
Jenna gathered several ingredients in the kitchen. She placed the chicken in one place and prepared to make seasoning. However, she squeezed a lemon into her eye. It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging. She continued to cook afterwards although her eye was still in pain.
Kay loved pistachios. One day at Macy's she discovered chocolate covered pistachios. She purchased just enough to taste them. She ate a few and loved the salty sweetness. Kay ended up buying and freezing a pound of pistachios for later.
Audrey's cat had died 2 months ago. She was still sad but decided she would go adopt another cat. She went to the shelter and looked at the kittens who were adorable. But there was one quiet, frightened adult cat who caught her eye. Audrey took the cat and it blossomed into a playful and joyful friend.
Blake was in the car with Alex. They had gone to buy a computer. Alex needed to get home before his parents worried. They sped down the road. Alex made it on time.
Joe plans a trip to Vegas with his college friends. They decide to stay at the Pink Flamingo. They do lots of gambling and drinking while they are there. Joe spends all his money the first day he is there. The rest of the trip he has to hang out by the pool.
Christy went to my church. I told her I liked her shirt. Someone asked me if I liked her. Christy didn't think her shirt was that nice. I actually just liked her shirt.
Andrew had to make a film for his film school. So he gathered actors he knew. He got a little film crew together. They shot a film. The teacher saw it and gave him a C.
Will plays soccer in a local soccer league. Will is an established player. Will was practicing for the big championship game that was coming up. While practicing he slips and falls on the grass and breaks his leg. Will was not able to play in the championship game.
Emory was mowing his grass. He hit the mower on a large rock. The blades became bent. Emory couldn't mow his grass and let it grow. By the end of summer, it looked like African savannah.
My friend Audrey, Melanie and I were a trio. One night we were having adventures together. We decided to sneak onto the baseball field of our university. We found some balls and acted like baseball players on the field. We saw some lights and carefully sneaked out before being caught.
Peter had bought tickets to go see Alice in Chains. They were playing near the beach. So he planned to make an entire weekend trip out of it. He got a hotel room, and went to the beach and had a blast. On his final day he saw the band.
Janice noticed that her apartment was getting pretty messy. She decided to do something about it. She collected all the garbage and put it into bags. Janice took those bags and threw them out. Looking around her clean apartment, she felt very proud.
I made plans for dinner with my girlfriend. She agreed to go to dinner with me. We were on our way to a nice restaurant. She got a phone call from work. We had to cancel dinner so she could go into work,
I always wanted to go to a concert, so I decided this Friday I will. As I looked at venues, I noticed my favorite band playing nearby. I bought my ticket, and waited patiently for the day to come. The time finally came, I got there 2 hours early excited. As the time ticked by, the band took the stage as I screamed.
Angie went to a cocktail party hosted by her best friend. She overheard a neighbor criticizing the host's taste. Angie considered telling her friend what the neighbor said. Then her friend hugged Angie and thanked her for coming. Angie decided to be quiet about what she overheard.
My father taught me to play cribbage. He beat me every single time. I went to my house and bought a cribbage computer game. I played the computer game every day. Now I am beating my father at cribbage.
George started Pre-K classes at four years old. He soon began to have trouble with school discipline and structure. Frustrated, he hit another student in the head with a train. The school decided to transfer him to a special education class. His parents opted to keep him home instead, until he's more mature.
Lee's wife annoyed him by talking all the time. In his culture divorce was considered very taboo. He beat his wife to give her a valid reason to leave him. He saved face but ended up in a nice quiet jail cell. Lee's brother took over his restaurant for him.
My apartment's has three holes in need of repair. They are a tripping hazard. Also bugs can enter the apartment through the holes. I put in a work order weeks ago. I still have not heard back.
Neil was visiting Yemen. He taxied to the capital city of Sana'a. There, he walked through the streets sightseeing. He found tons of lovely souvenirs. And he took photos to remember his time in Sana'a forever!
Steven Wanted to go Japan. He never had enough money to go. Steven would always spend all his money on junk food. One day Steven won the lottery. He was able to eat all the junk food he wanted in Japan.
There was a lazy cow on Bill's farm. The cow never got up. One day Bill bought new cow food. The cow knew so he got up. Then the lazy cow was never lazy again.
Hugo was a freshman at the university. He needed to study for his examine but he couldn't find the library. Hugo walked around the campus for thirty minutes and gave up. Finally, he found a map of the university. Hugo used the map to find the library.
Beverly wanted to write a letter to her grandparents. She bought an envelope and some paper. She wrote the letter and then needed a stamp to mail it. Beverly went to her local post office and purchased a stamp. Her letter arrived to her grandparents and they were very happy.
I went to the local record store one day. I saw a few very interesting looking albums. I found one album that just came out and I bought it. I found another record that seemed like a classic. I brought the records home and listened to them whole.
Arun dreamt for most of his life of visiting Italy. He researched the trip to learn where in Italy he would like to see. Finally he booked his flight for Rome. In Rome Arun saw many beautiful sights. It was truly the trip of a lifetime for Arun.
Jackie was running for local office. Her competitor was the CEO of a major company. Jackie researched him and found out a lot of bad things he did. She decided to expose them to the public. Her competitor lost to her drastically because of this.
My uncle has a cow farm. My uncle reminded me of the electric fence. I kicked a ball into the cow pasture. My uncle turned off the fence for me so I could go get it. I'm really glad he reminded me about the electric fence first.
Mary took her purse into the bathroom stall and set it on the shelf. Without thinking, she exited the bathroom without her purse. Later she realized she didn't have her purse. She ran to the bathroom and found her purse. Unfortunately, her wallet had been emptied and she was sad.
The instructor told me to put on my seatbelt. As nervous as I was, I tried to remain calm when reversing the car. I drove across several areas. In addition, I demonstrated several ways to park. Although the instructor gave me negative comments, I passed the exam.
Jay went to his friends house for christmas. He had nothing else to do for christmas. He drank and ate a lot of food. They even gave him gifts He had a good time
Yesterday I had a scream queens marathon. It is one of my favorite shows. The only problem was that I got very scared. I could then hardly sleep that night. Finally six hours later I fell asleep.
Five people played poker one night. They were having an excellent time. Until on one hand, when they all revealed royal flushes. This is not strictly possible with four suits. Suspicion came to rest on the player whose flush was ampersands.
Jerry was afraid of heights. One day on a hike he came upon a narrow bridge across a cliff. He was scared, but it was the only way to continue on the hike. He decided that he was too scared to face his fear, so he turned back. When he got back home he felt disappointed in himself.
Billy was nervous about going to the school Christmas dance. He even had to wear a tie! His father insisted he wear a bright green tie with candy canes on it. Shortly after Billy got to the dance a pretty girl came up. She said she liked his tie!
Tim was watching the night sky. He loved using his telescope. A small anomaly caught his eye. Tim checked it and realized it was something new. Tim was excited about his new discovery.
She awoke later than she had planned. She rolled over, realizing her alarm hadn't gone off. She reset the alarm and charged her phone. She went to take a long shower. She didn't care anymore about being late.
Lea was nervous about starting high school . She had been homeschooled all her life up until then. She feared her shyness would render her unpopular. But on her first day, she just smiled and tried to be friendly. And before she knew it, she had made dozens of friends!
Steven wore thick heavy glasses to school. He is near blind without them on. One day at school he tripped on a backpack and his glasses fell off. They slammed hard to the floor and shattered into many pieces. Steven wears contacts now.
The small puppy played outside. It was a very hot day. The puppy grew tired and thirsty. The owner brought the puppy a bowl of ice water. The puppy swiftly gulped down the water in relief.
Billy dared his friend Johnny to enter a rodeo. Johnny entered the bull riding event in the Rodeo. Johnny's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off. Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt. Johnny decided that he would not enter any more rodeos.
The teacher released the kids for recess. They ran towards the playground to start playing. Jen became too excited and started to skip in the sand. Since she didn't know where she was going, she slammed into a pole. The teacher noticed that she was unconscious.
A man started to play the trombone on a street corner. He could be heard all over town. A police officer was called to stop him. He told the musician to go play somewhere else. The trombone player ignore him and played an encore.
I had a craving for a pizza. I called the local pizza place. I told them that I would like a pepperoni pizza delivered. The delivery driver arrived 45 minutes later. I was happy to then eat the pizza that I had ordered.
Tim was in the last round of a boxing match. It had been fairly boring so far. The crowd was getting annoyed. Tim and his opponent decided to turn it into a slugfest. There was a last minute knock out that the fans loved.
Dan had been wanting to make a smoothie for breakfast. When he was out shopping he made to pick up some bananas and fruit. The next day Dan got together some fruit and soy milk. He threw all the ingredients into a blender to liquefy. The smoothie was sweet and gave him an energy boost.
A guy I like finally asked me out on a date. The date went well and I was excited for him to kiss me in the car. When we get home, he tries to do that. Instead, he grabs my neck to pull him toward him. Long story short, I'm wearing a neck brace.
Klea was going on a trip soon. She had forgotten to get her passport! She sent in extra money with her application. She'd paid more for the expedited service. Thankfully, Klea got her passport in time.
I had a box of tools. I pulled it out of its drawer. I grabbed a hammer from the box. I nailed a picture to the wall. I put the hammer back.
Amy's friends were talking about her in class. She asked what it was about but they wouldn't share with her. They all sat at the same table in class. It was the most uncomfortable she had been in a long time. Amy picked up her things and switched to a different table.
Jim was tired one day after work and sat down on his chair by the tv. Jim was engaged in the show but heard a sudden noise. He looked over and saw a hand obviously resting on the window glass. Jim got up and grabbed a gun then walked outside. When he got to the window, he saw a hand print, but no person.
Tom really wanted a sports car. But he didn't think about the future. So he sold various belongings to afford the sports car. And he felt very proud while driving it. But soon enough, he wasn't able to afford to keep its gas tank full.
John was opening a new restaurant. He printed out flyers and business cards. John handed out the flyers and posted them around town. He gave the business cards to all the people he met. John's restaurant was packed on the first day.
Gerry was walking to work. On the way, he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back. Gerry went to the doctor. He found out that he had fractured his spine. Gerry was out of work for a few months.
A tennis player was in the middle of an intense game. The other player send him a soft lob by accident. The first player eyed up his shot. He crushed the ball with his racket. The other player failed to return the hit.
Sandy had a rat in her attic. She put out poison to kill the rat. The rat died. Sandy had an awful smell in her house for days. She finally got someone to go up in the attic and take down the rat.
Jay was with his friends on a late night. Suddenly an acquaintance of his ran up to him. Cops came shortly after. It turns out that the acquaintance stole a cell phone from a girl. Jay was led back home and he did not know the aftermath.
Sammy was trying to light a cigarette. His lighter wouldn't work. He had various lighters around the house so he looked for one. None of them would work, though. Finally he decided to buy new ones.
Tammy got in a bad car accident. Thankfully nobody was injured but both cars involved are ruined. The accident was Tammy's fault because she was texting while driving. She also got a ticket because of that as well. Tammy told herself that she'll never text and drive again.
A new sushi restaurant was opening up downtown. Susie was eager to go there. As soon as she got there, she was impressed. She couldn't wait to go back. She next time took all her friends there.
Lori got a juice box from the fridge. She tried to poke the hole with the straw. It wouldn't budge. She tried harder. It gushed out and spilled everywhere.
The man got new underwear. He didn't like how it fit. He tried to give it to his son. His son thought that was weird. The man gave the underwear to charity.
Kate was taking her garbage out at night. She heard a rustling noise near the garbage. She saw raccoon eyes shining in the dark. She thought it would run off if she stared it down. Kate decided to run since the raccoon was braver than she was.
I tried to run in the rainy in order to get to class. I managed to make it through the front door as soon as the bell rung. The teacher asked everyone to take out their homework. When I took out mines, it was soaked. The teacher didn't accept it.
Julio wanted to watch the soccer match on TV. She didn't have anyone to watch it with so he was upset. He asked his friends if they'd watch it with him. A few people replied but no one would watch it with him. He eventually just watched the game alone.
Alexia took out her favorite China. She loved how beautiful it was. Yet on the way to the table, she dropped it. Alexia was so upset. She couldn't believe she dropped it.
I got invited to this birthday party last week. It was a star wars themed kids party. I was a little excited because I really like star wars. There were a ton of kids there. I actually had a ton of fun.
Ali was seated on her school bus. Outside the bus a bully named Val stood staring at her. Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them. As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now. Ali was so exhausted from the day she fell asleep on the bus.
Horace had never been on a proper date before. He asked his friends for some advice. They told Horace he only needed confidence. Horace confidently asked Stacy for a date! Poor Horace didn't know Stacy was engaged.
Last night we ordered steak and cheese subs. We ordered one with onions, and one without. The delivery man gave two subs, both toasted. I called the sub shop to complain. They sent the man back with an untoasted sub.
Keith and his wife of three years are getting a divorce. Keith is miserable and can only think of his wife. Thoughts rush through his head as he thinks about what he needs to do. To make things work between him and his sweetheart. Keith lays and bed and weeps he his so sad.
Jenna has a science test on Friday. She has not studied at all. She decided to wing it. When she got to her class, she freaked out. She did not know anything.
The pets in Harold's home all loved each other. One day, he brought home a new cat. The other pets hated it! They would growl and bark and hiss at it. THey were determined to scare it away.
Kevin went with his friends to Las Vegas. He has never been before. He decided to try his luck on the slot machines. He put in a coin and pulled the lever. He had just won one hundred dollars!
The man bought a firework. He lit it outside of the stand. The firework flew inside the stand. The owner frantically cleared the firework out of the stand. He put up a sign to avoid that scene in the future.
There were fruit flies on the bananas in the dining room. They were hard to get rid of. You swat a fly. And tons more would take flight. It seemed like it was impossible to get rid of them.
Angela couldn't wait to get home. She wanted to catch up on her favorite show. She settled in to watch, but her DVR hadn't recorded it! Angela was furious. She would have to wait days to see it!
The teacher was going over a new section in class. Diana couldn't keep her eyes open and fell asleep. When she opened them, the whole class was staring at her. The teacher paused for a moment, but he eventually continued. Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up.
Tom was having trouble in his marriage. He couldn't figure out how to improve things. Finally his wife admitted to having an affair. Tom was crushed by the news. They divorced shortly after.
Laura had never been a very proficient cook. But when she had children, she decided she had to learn. She eventually was able to make them pancakes each Sunday. Laura woke up early each week, and prepared the pancakes with pride. No one had the heart to tell her they were absolutely horrible.
Marco is feeling bored one day. He decides to go outside. When he gets outside he jumps rope. He returns home feeling tired. Marco is happy that he is no longer bored.
Jane was going to parent teacher conferences for her son Dan. When she arrived Dan's teacher had a stern look on her face. Jane was informed Dan's grades were slipping. Jane returned home to find Dan hiding in his room. Jane gave Dan a stern talking to, and a week without his cellphone.
Yesterday I went out to buy some cereal. I caught my eye on some Cheerios that were fiber. I purchased them and when I went home I tried some. As soon as I tried them, they were too hard. They were so hard I had to throw them out.
Henry had ordered some pizza for a party. He was waiting for almost an hour before he got a phone call. The delivery driver had gotten lost with the pizza. Henry carefully directed the driver to his house. Luckily they had a new fresh hot pizza for him.
Matt donned his cap and gown. Proud to be graduating from college. He had worked very hard for four Year's. Today was the day Matt would finally receive his degree. They called his name up to the podium and he accepted his degree.
Dan was in a hurry driving to work one morning. Dan was at a stoplight, waiting patiently. Dan noticed a car coming up on him rapidly in his rear-view mirror. Dan gripped the steering wheel, waiting for an impact. Luckily, the car managed to come to a screeching halt just shy of Dan.
Susy had a very large house. Last week it snowed very badly. She thought she got rid of all of the snow. But unfortunately the roof leaked. So Susy had to call someone.
My friends in NH loved games. They offered them as alternatives to watching television. The children are older now, in their teens. Yesterday their mom posted a photo of them playing Dixit, a card game. I applauded the mother for raising kids without tv.
Sue was running on the beach. She loved the sensation of her bare feet touching the sand. All of a sudden, something landed on her shirt. A bird had pooped all over her. Sue quickly ran home to change her clothes.
I thought cigarettes weren't a big deal. I smoked more and more every day. I noticed I was coughing a lot and spending money. I decided to ask my friends for help. They encourage me to ignore my cravings.
Josh kept getting prank calls. He would get them late at night. He was starting to lose sleep over it which wasn't good. Josh decided to disconnect his phone before bed. Josh slept much better after doing this.
A little boy fell into a cage at the zoo. The cage had a gorilla in it. The gorilla went to grab the boy. People shot it to stop it. The boy got out safely.
Hannah has a hard time letting go of any of her stuff. She gets really attached to her items and can't seem to let them go. So her friend Mary came over to help her get rid of things. Mary and Hannah cleaned and sorted for hours in the basement. After a hard day of work Hannah was able to get rid of her stuff.
The car was driving a bit funny. I wasn't sure what it was. I decided to check the tire pressure and one was way low. I filled it back up to the appropriate specs. After that it was a perfectly smooth ride.
Emily was reading a book about Vikings. She then noticed some shadow at the door. It appeared to have two horns on its head. Emily's mind raced and she hid under the covers. It was actually just the floor lamp in the living room.
Stacy was traveling through France with a tour group. She stopped in a small restaurant one day on the trip. She ordered a small soda and waited. The waiter came back and Stacy asked for ice in her soda. When the waiter returned he slammed the drink down and stormed off.
Tim was watching a movie. He had his surround sound on. The talking parts were really low. Tim tried turning up the volume. Unfortunately the explosions were too loud.
Timmy wants to learn to swim. His family visits the lake every summer. This summer he decides to learn how to swim. He practices hard every day for the whole summer. Timmy is proud now that he can swim.
Jude was looking forward to going to the park. He woke up his parents at 7am sharp. Not full of enthusiasm, they asked Jude to give them one hour. Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents. They finally left to go to the park later that morning.
Neil's chore was to take out the trash. His mom asked him to do it, but he was grumpy. He kicked the bags before picking them up. As he walked, the bag ripped and spilled everywhere! Neil's angry kick caused him a lot more work!
Walker had always been a very disorganized person. He vowed to change that. Walker bought a filing cabinet. He ordered all of his affairs. Walker is now much more organized.
Jim used his computer for work. It was an old laptop and not very fast or powerful. Jim made enough money to buy a brand new PC. The new PC came in the mail a week later and Jim set it up. He was very happy about his purchase and his productivity went up too.
Sally was very sad because her parents were divorcing. She feared that she would not get to see her dad much. As a family it was decided she would live with her mom. She was relieved that her dad was living close by. Every Weekend, she was with her dad and eventually she got used to it.
Cal had never driven a u-haul before. He'd also never towed a car behind one, either. Cal's knuckles were white as he slowly ambled up the mountain. When he made it to his house, he breathed a big sigh of relief. Cal was shocked when he saw the car trailer was gone.
Ida took the ice cream out of her freezer. She was looking forward to a bowl of it. But as she opened the carton, she frowned. She saw that the ice cream had become freezer-burned! Dismayed, Ida threw the carton into the trash.
Diane loved to clean. She got a new vacuum and couldn't wait to use it. She vacuumed every nook and cranny. Her house looked amazing! She thought her vacuum did a great job.
Tim worked at a tailor's shop during the summer. His duties included altering dresses. He received one wedding dress to alter that was very beautiful. He worked day and night on this dress to make it just right. The client loved it so much that she invited Tim to the wedding.
One day my friend Della gave us brownies. The next day I thanked her while sitting on the bench. She gave me a shush sign. She later told me she gives brownies out to 12 people. She didn't want any other residents to find out.
Kat was excited for Christmas. In the weeks before the holiday, she decorated her house. She shopped for gifts for her loved ones. Kat celebrated Christmas with her family and friends. Kat had a fun and festive holiday.
When I had found out I was pregnant, I was so thrilled. Every doctor appointment and heartbeat was cherished. When it came time to have my child I was so excited. After hours of labor I got to hold my child in my arms. That was the day I became a mother.
Sally liked to read all the time. She had large stacks of books at home. One day she decided to donate the books to a library. She loaded them all up into a wagon. And gave them to her local library for donation.
We had a garage sale while we were selling our house. The things that went first were the things we couldn't believe. There were some pez dispensers and old pencils. It is the junk that often times people are looking for. That is why they say someone's junk is another's treasure.
Charlie was afraid of trying to learn to ride a bike. He was scared of falling and getting hurt. His dad reassured him that he would be fine. Eventually Charlie learned to ride a bike. He fell down a few times but he was fine.
Liam was taking his road test. He was so nervous! He really wanted his license. At the end of the test, he looked at the instructor expectantly. He was so happy when the instructor said he had passed!
Bill went to work like it was any other day. He fielded questions from his peers and tried to serve customers. At lunchtime he went to his usual spot and sat down. He ate quickly and resumed working ahead of schedule. At the end of the day Bill went home ready for more of the same.
Jodi signed up for a painting class in town. She was nervous that she wouldn't be as good as everyone else. She gathered her supplies and listened to the instructor. Jodi was able to follow the instructions and paint her canvas. Her painting was one of the best in class!
Toni receives anonymous gifts at her job. Her coworkers begin to gossip. She assures them she is faithful to her husband. Toni's husband comes to her job to make a confession. He has been sending the gifts to spice up their marriage.
Scott wanted to date the captain of the cheerleading squad. He knew she wanted an athletic boyfriend. He thought the best way to get close was to become the school mascot. He quickly found out that nobody liked the school mascot. Scott also found out she was dating the school quarterback.
Charles felt his elders were mean but his little cousins were nice. Charles' parents, uncles and big cousins didn't like him. They said because he was broke, financially. But Charles marketed a self published book on Facebook. He made $300,000 and bought only kids expensive Christmas gifts.
Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift. He invited her over to celebrate the holiday. After a nice dinner, he handed her her gift. She unwrapped her new sweater and squealed with delight. It was a fuzzy new sweater, and she loved it!
I wanted to find a restaurant to go to. So I used Google Maps and Yelp to try to find one. But I ended up reading about nearly every restaurant I came across. After several hours, I still couldn't make a decision. And at 4AM, I went to bed feeling disappointed.
Lisa needed surgery on her right knee. She was afraid they'd operate on the wrong one. She wrote right on her right knee. She wrote wrong on the left. They still operated on the wrong knee!
Tim hates his job at McDonald's. So he goes back to school. Tim graduates with an engineering degree. Within ten years Tim is making over 250k a year. Tim is glad that he went back to school.
Kerry got a box of chocolates as a gift, but was on a diet. She decided she would just have one chocolate. After she had that one chocolate, she decided she would have one more. This, of course, continued until she had finished the whole box. Kerry was no longer on a diet.
Terry's supervisor told her that she couldn't work for the summer. As a result, Terry couldn't do anything for the summer. She had to save money in order to pay her car expenses. For most of the summer, she stayed home and watched TV. Her mom wondered if she was depressed.
Howard was in the city. He went into a bar for a drink. He suddenly saw this beautiful girl. He spoke to her and got her number. This made his night.
One day while I was taking the bus I got on the wrong route! I accidentally got on a route that went downtown. I was very nervous as I've never been there before. When the bus route ended I asked the driver where to go. He gave me directions and I found my way home.
Ernesto went on a trip with his best friend Alberto. They drove through Chile on an old motorcycle. One day, the old bike broke down for the last time. They packed their bags and took off. They walked all the way to Peru on their own two feet.
Hershel wanted his son to get into a sport. Hershel's son wanted to get into skateboarding. Hershel felt that a team sport would be better for socializing. But he relented and let his son take up skateboarding. Hershel's son made friends at the skatepark, satisfying both parties.
Kenny got out of school early so he could play mini golf. His parents told him he had earned a play day. They drove there and he looked in wonder at the building. They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls. Kenny wound up getting a better score than both of his parents!
Tom was playing fantasy football. He really wanted to beat his friends. There was money on the line. Unfortunately Tom was horrible at it. He lost badly.
Bill wanted to learn magic tricks. He practiced pulling a rabbit from a hat. He was horrible at it. Bill practiced every day. He ended up being able to do the trick perfectly.
Sally had planned to go for a run. The weather said it was going to be sunny. She got home and changed into her workout clothes. As she got onto the running trails, the bottom fell out. Sally now plans for the unexpected.
We try to do a lot around Christmas. This Christmas we will go to only free events. Those are the best ones. You get to have fun. Plus you don't pay for it.
Jen was building a 3D castle puzzle. For some reason the top of the castle was crooked. Jen tried looking at the box for hints. When she picked up the box she heard a noise. It was the missing castle piece accidentally left in the box.
Albert smoked cigarettes even though his parents didn't approve. He snuck out to smoke one night when his parents went to bed. His father saw him smoking on the porch. Albert got a stern lecture. Albert's parents grounded him for a week.
Mable forgot she had an appointment with her doctor. She hurriedly got dressed, got her purse, and rushed out of the house. She ran down to the bus stop to catch the bus. She caught the bus for downtown. She got to her doctor's just in the nick of time.
Heather has a lot of chores. Her parents give her an allowance. She makes sure to get them all done. She likes to save her money. One day she plans to buy a cellular phone.
The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake. When the matriarch of the family passed away, chaos ensued. Many of the family aim for the family fortune. The family is torn apart. The cottage is sold.
Max was speaking to the crowd at the fundraiser. He spoke into the microphone so they could all hear him. He talked about the money they were going to raise for the school. As he spoke, the microphone started making a horrible noise. He had to turn it off because of the malfunction.
During the last period of the day, an announcement was made. All of the 11th grade students came into the gymnasium. A pep rally began when several cheerleaders started cheering. Afterwards, several people from the step team started to dance. They were dancing for a total of 10 minutes.
One day the Schier family played Capture the Flag. They divided into two teams. The game lasted two hours. The winning team got taken out for dinner by the losing team. Everyone had a fun day.
Team Impact came to my hometown. I took a few people. We took some fliers. We hung them on people's doors. I didn't get to see them perform.
John wants to learn a new language. He's not sure which one yet. His friends suggests a few different languages but he doesn't know. He meets a girl speaking french but he can't speak french. He learns how to speak french and the two fall in love.
Today was a crazy day at work. My boss publicly shamed me by accusing me of gossiping at work. I cried because I was so confused and embarrassed. I tried to reason with him, but got nowhere. I was so upset that I turned in my letter of resignation that day.
I have a destructive cat. Whenever we leave her at home she makes a mess. Her usual destruction is to knock everything off of the counters. But now she has started to tear into the corners of our mattress. Her latest thing she did was knock over our TV and it broke.
My husband bought a pile of sand to go under our pool. The sand didn't work as well as he thought it would. He decided not to use much of it. He left the sand in a large pile in our yard. Now we have the biggest sandbox in the neighborhood!
Jason was going on a fishing trip. He arrived at the local pond to begin his fishing. He got out on the water in a canoe. He fished on that little pond all day. Jason only caught a few, but he had a really good time.
I was interested in reading Woman on the Other Shore. It is a book by Mitsuyo Kakuta. Amazon was selling it for $49 used. I could not find it anywhere else for less. I gave up on getting the book.
Sampson was his school's star wrestler. During the last competition, he was shocked to see his opponent. It was a small girl named Suzy Lee. Suzy Lee took Sampson by surprise and flipped him over her body. While Sampson struggled to breathe, Suzy Lee smiled in victory.
Jim's mom bought him a new pair of jeans because he ripped all of his. At school, Jim's decided to play kickball at recess. When he got back into math class, he noticed his jeans ripped. So he switched pants with his best friend. When he got home Jim's mom never even noticed!
Remy and Lexi were using hula hoops while rollerblading at a park. A few people noticed and watched in amazement. Eventually, they drew larger and larger crowds. And people began giving them money. So Remy and Lexi decided to put on a show at the park every weekend.
We heard the hail and sirens at the same time. We cleared out a tiny closet in the hallway. The three of us climbed inside with a flashlight. The roaring noise was terrifying. The tornado passed us by, thankfully.
Lucy wanted to go to the movies. She wanted to see the kids movie. Then all the sudden she saw it was sold out. She was bummed. She had to go back tomorrow.
Anna was disappointed. She was reaching the end of a two-hour whale watching tour. But she had not seen any whales at all. Then, as if on cue, two whales jumped right past the boat! Anna smiled with delight.
I drove to my kickball game after work. When I got there, i drank a warm up beer with my team. The game was going to start at sunset so we walked to the field. We played a good game and came out winning. Then we drank another beer and toasted to our victory.
I ordered a pizza last night. A man came to the door with my pizza. The pizza had the wrong toppings on it. The man gave me that pizza. He returned with the proper pizza.
Kelley wore her favorite t shirt. She was running through the walkway with it. Then all the sudden it got caught. It ended up ripping. Kelley was not happy.
Clara used to be a very active person. Unfortunately, she developed arthritis as she got older. Clara was no longer able to do what she used to. She was in a lot of pain everyday. Clara gave up and never got out of bed again.
Bill's friend gave him the answers to a multiple choice test. Bill memorized the letter answers so he wouldn't have to study. He hurriedly filled in the memorized letters on the exam. When he got to the last problems, Bill panicked. He didn't know where, but he had missed one letter.
Cassie grew up in a very small town. She always wanted to move to a big city. She thought that small town life was too boring for her. After moving away and graduated college she missed home. She moved back and raised her family in that small town.
Kim always loved going shopping. She and her friends would go to all the coolest stores. Yesterday she went to a dozen stores. She ended up spending a thousand dollars. To her however, it was quite worth it.
Anna was leaving for school. But then she hurried back inside. She had forgotten to feed her fish! She quickly gave them some flakes. Then she left for school.
Timmy was getting married. He drove to his best man's house to get ready. He and his best man headed for the church. Timmy's car got a flat tire. The wedding had to start late.
Derick pretended that his mother's ironing board was a surfboard. He would stand on it and pretend he was riding the waves. Derick broke his mother's ironing board. Derick's mother tried to come up with the appropriate punishment. Derick's mother made Derick do all of the family's ironing.
Geoff didn't know much about flowers. He was once asked to be a volunteer florist for a wedding. He knew that he had to do a good job because it was a wedding. He spent time learning about flower arrangement before the day. When it got to the day, the bride was blown away by his skills.
Esther needed money to buy a down jacket. She decided to look for a job. Esther saw a help wanted sign at McDonald's. Esther had a job interview later that day. The manager liked Esther's work ethic, so he hired her.
Emily loves chewing on ice. She fills up a cup full of ice every night. The ice got stuck on her finger! She had to rip it off. Now she pours water over the ice before touching it.
My friend ate ketchup on ice cream all of the time. I told him he was crazy. He told me not to knock it until i tried it. One day I finally tried ketchup mixed with ice cream. I confirmed that my friend was crazy for liking the disgusting treat.
John went to the store to buy his young son a walkie talkie. After making the purchase and giving it to his son they turned it on. To their surprise there was a voice on the other end saying hello. They talked to the person asking who they were. It turned out that the person on the other end was the boy's cousin.
Edward was a substitute school teacher. He hated his job. He could never get his substitute students to quiet down. One day , he bought a whistle so he could use it in class. Edward got fired after using it on his first day.
Kyle knew he had a test tomorrow. However, he also had a soccer game. He needed to study but was so tired when he home. Kyle decided to wing it. Kyle took his test and failed.
It was Mick and his wife's anniversary weekend. He was going to take her on a beach getaway. On the way to the beach his engine seized up. When they were dealing with a mechanic somebody stole his bad. Even after the most expensive anniversary ever he was still the happy.
One day Maria bought a TV. It was a big TV that she put in her living room. The next morning she woke up with a shock. The TV was gone. Maria noticed an open window and realized that her TV was stolen.
Tom was working in the office. An annoying fly was bothering him. Tom tried to catch the fly in his hand. Tom caught the fly. Tom released the fly outdoors.
Henry asked me if he can borrow $300 dollars for a phone bill. I decided to lend the money to him. After a few months, I needed some extra money. When I tried to get into contact with Henry, I couldn't find him. His brother told me that he moved out of state.
Sue and William were worried about their 7-year-old son, Kyle. Kyle had been acting strange for a couple days, unlike his usual self. Today, parental concern deepened when Kyle came home 2 hours late. Just as they were about to confront him, he handed over a wrapped box. The big secret was his parents' anniversary gift, a framed drawing.
Sara was at her friend's house. They were jumping around and playing make believe. Suddenly, she fell on to the table. The leg snapped and the whole thing broke. Her friend's parents were so mad and sent her home.
Ty was tired of his neighbor's dog coming into his yard. Ty decided to put up a fence around his property. He went to the lumber yard and bought all the supplies. Ty put up his fence. The dog wasn't able to come back into his yard.
Tim was out hiking with friends. They were on a desert trail. The dry heat was too much for Tim. He got a bad nose bleed. It wouldn't stop and he had to go home.
Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone. She looked around frantically. Finally she called mall security. As they started questioning her she realized her car wasn't missing. She had gone out of the wrong door of the mall.
Agatha lived surrounded by dolls. When her niece Pat came over to play, she asked to play with them. Agatha reluctantly agreed. Pat ran around and accidently dropped one. Agatha decided never to invite Pat back to play.
Larry really wanted to be an astronaut. Larry looked online to find out the requirements to become one. Larry joined the military as a pilot and got a bachelor's degree. Larry applied to become an astronaut and was accepted. Larry is now very happy with his life as an astronaut.
Aya made a pact with her boyfriend to try sushi. They both thought it sounded gross, but wanted to be open-minded. They found a nice Japanese restaurant and ordered a variety plate. Tentatively they took a few bites - only to spit them out. They hated it-but they were proud of giving it a chance!
Jill really wanted to go kayaking. She invited me to go along with her but I was very nervous. I asked her what it would entail doing and for instructions. She calmed me down and explained everything to me. The next day we went kayaking together!
Cindy wanted to impress everyone. She decided she needed a new dress to do so. Instead of buying a dress, she decided to make one. She found the perfect pattern and fabric. Everyone was in awe of her dress.
Adrian was talking to the detective about what happened to his mom. He said he was too young and couldn't remember. The detective was frustrated and walked away. Suddenly images came back to his mind of his mom lying on the floor. Adrian ran back to talk to the detective.
David was very clever. He had a pHD in philosophy. However, he wasn't very socially savvy. He once apologised to his mugger. He felt bad that he didn't have anything to give the man.
Donald loved his dog a lot. He loved it so much that he fed it every single day. One day, he decided that he would feed it a 4th time. Donald searched everywhere for his dog. Finally, he found his dog on the street.
Suzy was going gluten free. She wanted to make some cookies. She thought it would be difficult. But when she was done she tasted them. They tasted just like regular to her delight.
Cary came home from work. She had thoughts of watching Netflix for the night. She went over to his chair and sat in it. A few minutes after sitting, the chair broke. Cary had to watch Netflix on the floor for the night.
I was very hungry. However, I didn't want to cook as I had just cleaned my kitchen. So, I drove around looking for somewhere to eat. I decided to go through a drive through. After eating my food I felt much better.
Terry was walking several dogs to make money. She didn't mind it and even liked the dogs. Suddenly one dog broke free and ran off. Terry chased him along with the other dogs. Luckily they caught the runaway and sent him home.
Kelly was using her phone on the train. She was streaming some videos. Unfortunately her phone ran out of battery. Kelly was disappointed. Luckily she was near her destination though so she could charge it.
Marcia went to a new hairdresser to get her hair done. The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair. At the end, Marcia looked in the mirror. She hated how her hair looked. She immediately went to her old hairdresser to get it fixed.
John hated chilies. But John never backed down from a dare. One day his brother dared him to eat two big chilies. John accepted and eat the two chilies. John still hated chilies cause his mouth burned.
I woke up to go to an appointment. However, I felt dizzy as soon as I got up. I sat down for a minute and couldn't stand up again. I ended up napping on my floor. Now my neck is sore but I feel better.
Gina only had one pair of special socks. Her sister wore them without asking. She'd cut her ankle and now the socks were torn and bloody. Her mother promised to replace them. Gina never received a replacement pair of socks.
Jake put in his application at a web development firm. They interviewed him and three days later they hired him. He caught on quickly, but the company took a lot of orders. He complained about the deadline because he had to write code. His manager threw a fit and Jake says, I'm doing the best I can.
Tim really liked Jane. He had a crush on her throughout high-school. Tim never made a move on her. Jane never found out that he liked her. Tim never forgot about her his entire life.
I once knew a girl named Francesca. She and I dated for many years. After a long and happy relationship we got bored with each other. We talked about it for many days. Eventually we decided that we should break up and move on with our sep
One day, the third grade class got to take a field trip. They got on a big, yellow bus and drove to an art museum. The students saw lots of paintings, and many different kinds of art. They even got to eat lunch in a sculpture garden outside! After lunch, the children went home.
Larry planted melons in his garden one year. He was a little too successful though, and ended up with way too many. Daunted, he figured he'd have to eat melons at every meal. He gave some to his neighbors, but they would only take so many. By the end of the season he never wanted to see another melon again.
Tim was at McDonald's. They were close to closing for the night. Tim ordered different items. Unfortunately they had run out of half the things he wanted. Tim had to get something else instead.
Bia wanted a saltwater tank. She had 4 freshwater tanks and a koi pond already. She figured saltwater would be easy! But after reading up on all the strange new info to know, she gave up. Bia decided saltwater was too much for her to handle, after all!
Jan drove an old, small car. She was afraid of the much larger cars and trucks on the freeway. She decided it was time for a bigger car. At the first car dealer she visited, she tried a pickup truck. She bought the new truck after the test drive.
I went to a political rally a couple weeks ago. I waited in line for 45 minutes just to get in. The place was hot and crowded. The speech was like a broken record. I didn't hear anything new or exciting at the rally.
Jason bought a used boat. He took his boat out on the water for a test ride. He noticed the boat had a leak in the bottom. He brought up the leak to the person whom he bought the boat from. The seller gave Jason his money back.
John was out with some friends on a Friday night. Dan was their driver for that night. John noticed Dan did quite a bit of drinking during the evening. John decided he would abstain from drinking. John then drove everyone - including Dan - home safely.
My family visited me last week. I met them at the airport. We drove around the city for a while. I showed them the fun things in the city. When they left I was sad.
Cam started feeling tired regularly. He decided to go to the doctor about it. The doctor ran some tests. Cam found out he has a thyroid disorder. Now he is on medicine and feeling much better.
A chill blew through the air. Jenny's face grew with a huge grin. Summer was ending. It was almost time for her favorite seasons. Jenny loves autumn.
I was invited to a party from a somewhat friend. He seems nice and I decided to go. When I arrive the party was lame and nothing to do but watch tv. The worse part is I was the only one there. First party that I wanted to be over fast.
Kya was low on money and had a very small food budget. She thought hard and came up with a creative weekly dinner plan. She boiled a big box of pasta noodles and divided them 5 ways. Then she made 5 different sauces with tomato sauce, cream, and more. Each night her family got a cheap and creative meal!
Kelsey was at a local community benefit. She was clapping for some people being honored for humanitarianism. Suddenly she was surprised to hear her name called. She learned that her award was for excellent teaching skills. She proudly accepted it and thanked everyone.
Mary loved to use glitter on anything. She put glitter on her homework and even her dresses. The teacher did not like this and called her parents. Her parents were very mad and grounded her for a month. Now, Mary does not have any glitter.
The woman applied for a scholarship. The scholarship committee asked for some additional information. She ignored the request. The committee gave the scholarship to someone else. The woman could not afford to go to school that year.
Courtney loved going to the waterpark. Water slides were her favorite thing to do! She went down each slide a dozen times. When she was tired, she sat down and had a popsicle. Once she was rested, she was ready to slide again!
Gina's dad was upset. He gave her a task which she failed to finish. Instead she was in the house watching TV. He watched as she finished the task. When finished, she was then sent to her room.
Andy's house was a mess. He asked his friends if they knew any housekeepers. One friend referred him to a woman he used. Andy called the woman. He hired her to clean his house.
Ken was very lazy. He let a lot of chores pile up. Ken decided to make a list to help. After he was done, Ken lost the list. He decided to not do anything out of frustration.
Bonnie was babysitting for a new family. They were paying $12 an hour which was double her normal rate. She soon found out why. The children were terribly behaved. She vowed that she would not return for any amount of money.
Tom was concerned about his health. He asked his doctor what he should do. His doctor recommended eating healthier. Tom followed the doctor's advice and radically changed diet. Tom was no longer concerned about his health.
Mack was a large black lab puppy. He slept in bed with me every night, but his gas was terrible. One night, his gas was so atrocious that I moved to the couch to sleep. I could smell it all the way into the living room. Eventually he joined me on the couch.
Gina needed to avoid a boy in her class named Dave. But Dave insisted on harassing her. Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved. The teacher was hesitant initially. But Gina convinced her it would be best for the class.
My friend jumped off a bench. Then he rolled on the ground. I asked him what he was doing. He said it was an action roll. It is supposed to keep you from getting hurt.
Margaret spent her weekends at garage sales and swap meets. Her friends worried she was spending too much money there. Margaret showed some paintings she had bought to a friend. He was an art collector and thought they might be valuable. One of them turned out to be worth several thousand dollars.
Roberta was using the bathroom. She was a bit constipated. Finally she went and looked for some tissue. There was none in the stall. And she was all alone in the bathroom.
Ross bought a refurbished coffee maker online. When it arrived in the mail he went to test out the unit. The coffee maker made a gurgling noise and did not work. Ross was furious and called up the store that sold him the unit. Ross got a full refund and didn't have to ship out the broken unit.
Gary was trying to lose some weight. Gary decided he would walk the trails behind his house. In walking the trail, Gary discovered a new mountain trail. Gary decided he would walk the other trail next week. Gary was excited he found new mountain trails behind his house.
Allie got a new screen protector. This was because her original one broke. It made Allie not too happy. She didn't want to buy another one. Yet she had to.
The dog ran into the room. He looked excited about something. He started snapping at the air. We thought he had lost his mind. We realized he was just chasing a fly.
It was Alexa's first day of school. There was a new girl in the class. Alexa noticed that she didn't speak. Alexa's teacher explained that the girl was deaf. Alexa decided to learn sign language.
Shelly and Mike wanted to buy a house by the ocean. Since they were going to retire they wanted to move. They decided to move to California. They met with a real estate agent to begin their hunt. After a few months they found the perfect house and bought it.
Dan got a letter from the Treasurer of his state, Georgia. The letter said Dan had unclaimed funds. The amount was not mentioned in the letter. Dan went down to city hall to claim his funds. Dan walked out of city hall two hundred dollars richer!
While on a trip we saw how fudge was made. They put all the ingredients in a kettle. Then heated it all up. Then poured it on a big slab. It was some of the best fudge ever.
Maggie's 60th Birthday is approaching. She is fearful of growing old. Watching a commercial she sees an anti-aging cream. Maggie reaches into her purse for her credit card. She purchases the cream as a birthday gift to herself.
The girl was reading a book. She didn't understand it. She asked the librarian about it. The lady talked to her about it. The girl then understood the book.
Kirby walked around in Chicago on a fall evening. He was trying to find a good friend who he was supposed to meet. Someone mugged him to steal his wallet and cell phone. There were no witnesses. The police said they could not help him.
We had several issues with our property management group. We had trouble with noise, pest control, and heating. We sold our condo in 2013. I left a very bad Yelp review about this company. I hope they go out of business.
Mira and Dave were driving cross-country to their hometown. They were planning on visiting their parents for Thanksgiving. But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway! They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store. Their ersatz Thanksgiving feast became one of their fondest memories.
Willie thought he was a pretty ethical man. He went to work as a politician's assistant. The politician did some bad stuff. Little by little, Willie had to cover it up. Willie realized he wasn't a good man anymore.
Tom was doing laundry. He had a lot of quarters ready. In the middle of a load he ran out of quarters. He didn't know what happened. Tom checked his car and they had fallen there.
Maya was making a Mexican meal for her family. Then her husband brought home three extra for dinner! Maya was in a panic. Then she decided to make lots of extra rice. That helped stretch the food so everyone had plenty to eat!
Bill was hungry today. He went to the kitchen to eat some bananas. He peeled a banana and dropped the peel. He didn't noticed and slipped on the peel. Bill felt like a cartoon character for the rest of the day.
I was really craving some chocolate. I decided I would try to bake some brownies. I thought I did everything according to the recipe. I had a mistake though, I used regular sugar not powdered. The brownies tasted gritty like they had sand in them.
I was talking to my co-worker about a problem in our workplace. She was being rude and ignorant when I asked her about the issue. I ended up insulting her for being so annoying and uncooperative. She got super upset and started yelling at me to defend herself. She ended up calling my boss and I was written up the next day.
Jenny was so happy. Today was her wedding day. She walked down the aisle. She saw her soon to be husband standing there. They both said I do.
Bill was nervous about his blind date. Bill rang the bell of the girl's apartment. When the door swung open, Bill was dazzled by the girl. She was absolutely beautiful. Now Bill and Rachel are engaged!
Jay and Joe were brothers who lived together in an apartment. The split their bills evenly. One  day Jim made a long distance call that lasted several hours. Joe argued that he shouldn't have to pay for half of that call. The two moved into separate houses.
My dad and I went to ride jet skis one day. We went to the lake and towed back into the lake. We unloaded the jet skis and parked the truck. He rode on the jetskis for 2 hours and then stopped. We put the jetskis back onto the truck and left.
The castaway wanted to send a message to others. He gathered large sticks and branches on the beach. With the sticks, he spelled out a large SOS. When a plane flew overhead, he lit it on fire. A few weeks later he was rescued.
Paul warned his friends not to tie cans to his car on his wedding day. His friends didn't listen. During the wedding, they tied large tin cans to the back of Paul's car. Paul saw this, and became so angry that he punched one of his friends. Paul spent his honeymoon in jail.
Lindsay was nervous about taking her baby to daycare. She found a great center that she felt good about. The first time she dropped the baby off, Lindsay cried. She was a wreck all day at work. Each day, it got a little better.
A kangaroo jumped out of its enclosure at the zoo. The kangaroo jumped around and surprised many people. A team of zookeepers tried to catch the animal with their nets. The animals was too fast for them. Eventually, the Kangaroo got tired and jumped back in its cage.
A new restaurant opened near Ethan's house called The Burger Joint. Ethan decided to check it out for lunch one Saturday. The waiter Ethan had was very friendly and the prices were reasonable. Ethan had a double cheeseburger, onion rings and a milk shake. Ethan was very pleased, this was the best meal he had in a long time!
Sally wanted to jump on her trampoline. It had rained last night though. When she tried to jump, the surface was wet. She slipped in the water. She decided to wait until later.
Manny screwed the screw in clockwise. The screw wobbled loose. Manny checked the wood. The wood was falling apart. Manny pulled out the screw.
I had lost my job and was unable to afford new clothes. I put on a shirt that had holes in it and went to a thrift store. I asked them if they had any old clothes to spare. The thrift store manager gave me a bag of clothes. I was very grateful for the gift.
Stanley is visiting his doctor. His doctor tells him he has high blood pressure. Stanley decides to go on vacation. He heads to Hawaii. He spends a few weeks relaxing in Hawaii and lowers his blood pressure.
Norda was feeling snackish. She left to go to the market to pick out some snacks. She walked the aisles to see what she felt like eating. She stopped in front of the seaweed snacks. She happily took her snacks home.
Cody was in his garage organizing things. Suddenly, a bird came in. The bird was panicked and couldn't find it's way out. Cody helped to guide it out the door. Finally, the bird flew away.
Beth was leaving work on Tuesday. She noticed a man dropped his wallet in the parking lot. She ran all the way across the lot to give it back to him. The man was so happy that his wallet was returned. Because Beth was so honest, he gave her 20 dollars.
Nero bought a fiddle and was eager to learn to play it. He signed up for a course, but became distraught. The waiting list was at least five weeks! Nero was on fire to learn, but managed to make it through the wait. He excelled at the class when he was finally able to get into it.
Lily was visiting her grandparents in Florida. They had big palm trees in their yard. Lily was sitting by one when something hit the ground. It was a coconut! Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it.
Kia painted her nails very nicely. Then sha sat to wait for them to dry. But she touched things before they'd finished drying. Kia ended up with streaks in her manicure. She was unhappy with her impatience!
Sasha accidentally ate a peanut. Sasha was allergic to peanuts. Sasha needed medical attention. Her family rushed her to the hospital. Sasha's life was saved by the helpful doctors.
Jack and Sam decided to race their new cars. They found a quiet street and took off. As Jack rounded a corner he lost control. He smashed into a tree. His brand new car was totaled.
I need to wear extra wide shoes to fit my afo. I need a size 10E. Even a 10E has trouble getting around my afo. I found a pair of slippers designed for diabetics. Luckily, these fit on very easily.
Ellen decided she is bored with her regular workout. She reads a Zumba description and thinks it looks like fun. Ellen signs up for a Zumba class and takes it. Ellen struggled through the class but thought it was a great workout. Ellen enjoyed the challenge and decides to take more Zumba classes.
Yesterday at school Marcus got in trouble for wearing a skirt. The principal told Marcus that only girls could wear skirts. This made Marcus very angry. He got his peers to sign a petition to present to the principal. After seeing the petition the principal changed the dress code.
Mary was a huge fan of a certain pop star. She bought tickets to a concert to see him in person. Although she was in the front row, the star never even looked at her. Mary headed home and was furious. She immediately tore all of the pop star's posters off her wall.
Andrew was filming a prank video for youtube. He was jumping out of the bushes and scaring people. He scared someone so bad they tackled him into the bushes. The person tackled Andrew hard knocking his phone out of his hand. Andrews phone hit the cement and shattered.
Frank left work on a Friday afternoon. On his way to class, he saw a dog limping toward him. As the dog passed, he noticed that it's leg appeared to be broken. He took it to the vet and the vet put it's leg in a cast. Since the dog looked like a stray, Frank decided to keep it.
Thomas never tried to ski before. His friends made him go to the mountain. He put on his skis and went down the mountain. It was going good until the tree came up. Thomas slammed into the tree ending his first day of skiing.
Xavier and his friends decided to go bike riding one day. On the ride, Xavier crashed his bike into a tree. He touched his knee to find out he had scraped it. Luckily his friend Zac brought a first aid kit. Xavier put a BandAid on his knee.
Sean had Thanksgiving at his parents house. They sent him home with lots of leftovers. The next day, he was hungry. He put some leftovers on a plate. Then he heated them and ate them.
Rachel was cooking dinner. She was chopping an onion but her hand slipped. She got a very bad cut on her finger. For a second she began to panic. Then she pulled herself together and took care of the cut.
Tom was very healthy. He preferred eating wild game. He went to the grocery store to do some shopping. He was delighted to find wild game for sale. He purchased Ostrich.
Larry was the mayor of his town. He had been elected this year. The first thing he did in office was help the homeless. He built a new homeless shelter in the heart of the city. The citizens of the city applauded Larry for his actions.
I love watching game shows. They are always entertaining. I like watching people win and get excited. I do have a guilty pleasure seeing others fail. Either way game shows is always entertaining.
Maxine has been invited by some friends to go sailing. Together they spend the whole day on a sailboat. Maxine takes some nice pictures. She has a wonderful day. She is happy she got the chance to go sailing.
Rocky saw the sunshine and immediately began wagging his tail. Rocky begged his owners to take him for a walk and throw the ball. Rocky's owner took him outside and threw the ball for an hour. Rocky was overjoyed and chased the ball until he was exhausted. Rocky was happy and tired, and he slept well after his exciting day.
Karl and his wife were excited to try a new restaurant. The line was long to be seated. They finally got a table but the waiter never came over. They waited twenty minutes and got so frustrated, they went home. They decided not to go to any new restaurants anymore.
Lesley borrowed her parent's car. She needed to use it for work. She left the car doors unlock. Lesley noticed the car missing she believed someone stole it. The police notified Lesley her parents had picked up the car.
The band marched down the street. The conductor tripped on his feet. The band stopped. Some of the band members laughed. The conductor blushed in embarrassment.
Shannon had just moved to the Baltimore area after years in Texas. She feared the cold and wondered if she'd fit in. Shannon's expectations were more than met when she made many friends. She never fell in love with the winter, but managed for many years. After graduation, Shannon decided to try the West Coast for college.
Lucy didn't like her hair style. Her grandma laughed at her discomfort. Her grandma took a picture of the ugly hair style. Lucy begged her to delete the picture. Grandma refused and locked her phone so Lucy couldn't delete it.
Tim and his little brother got sundaes from the ice cream shop. While they were walking home, Tim tripped and dropped his. He didn't have any more money to get another. Tim's brother offered to share his. Tim felt lucky to have such a nice, caring brother.
Tom noticed he had mice. There were small poops and traces of it everywhere. Tom decided to get some humane mouse traps. They were quite effective. Tom was able to get rid of the mice in no time.
The cat walked into the room and started coughing. The couple stared at him, worried. He made some strange noises and spit up a hairball. They screamed and shooed him away. The cat had ruined the brand new rug.
Ray and Mitch began drinking one night in Ray's house. They both got very drunk. Ray even tripped but Mitch caught him. In that moment they stared deeply in each other's eyes. They knew it was love but didn't say anything.
Bekah was tired of her job at the coffee shop. She decided to enroll in community college to develop her skills. After she completed college she began searching for a new career. She received many interviews at places that interested her. Bekah was offered a position and began her new career.
Chris's girlfriend gave him a gift card for a free sandwich. Chris finally found time to go to the restaurant in order to use it. He walked up to the counter with the employee. He ordered his favorite sandwich on the menu. With the card, the meal was entirely free!
Anna was annoyed with her neighbors. They had been leaving trash outside but not taking it to the cans. One day Anna had had enough. She took their trash moved it in front of their door, blocking it. When they saw she had done that, they finally took out their trash.
Eva needed to lose a few pounds over the summer. But it was so hot and she just couldn't refuse ice cream Popsicles! Then a friend told her to freeze fruits and yogurt to snack on. The treats were still cold and sweet, but much healthier. By the end of summer, Eva had lost eleven pounds!
Jane was on her first date since her divorce. She was eating dinner with a nice man from work. Jane realized she was really bored. She ate quickly and asked to be taken home. She hugged the man, said goodbye and went into her house quickly.
Larry was fixing an old motorcycle. He bought a spare part on ebay. Weeks went by and the part never showed up. Larry realized he had been scammed. He left a bad review on ebay and then forgot about it.
Tom's neighbors had kids. The kids would run around early in the morning. It would wake Tom up. Tom felt bad about saying anything since they were kids. Instead he just dealt with it by getting earplugs.
The children counted the days down till Christmas break. They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation. The big day came. They was finally out for 2 full weeks. The children enjoyed that Christmas break.
Drew was arguing with his girlfriend. She tried to punch him in the face. He immediately stop. She was frustrated to a point where she left the car. Drew drove off without her.
Sam wanted to get his cat in better shape. He changed its diet. He also wanted it to work out more. Sam tried several different techniques but the cat wouldn't do it. Eventually Sam gave up and stuck to just the diet.
Susie couldn't decide between the pink bunny and white horse. They were both so pretty. She picked the bunny for her merry go round ride. Then her mom surprised her with another ticket. So she got to ride the white horse, too!
Irwin's birthday was only a month away. His mom asked him to give her a birthday list. He wrote down just one thing, a movie he had wanted to see. The waiting for the ensuing month was almost excruciating for him. Irwin ended up getting the movie for his birthday, and he loved it.
Sarah was diagnosed with cancer 4 Years ago. It was time for her yearly checkup. She was nervous. When she went, she got a good report. She was cancer free.
The frostings sat in a row. She was going to taste test them all. She had to choose the best one. She had a strong palate, so she expected something flavorful to win. In the end, she chose the plain white.
Today my friend invited me to go on vacation with her. She said we'd all share a suite if we bought our flights. I booked my flight a few weeks ago. Yesterday she calls me and tells me there's no room for me. I'll have to book my own hotel room if I want to go on the trip.
Abe heard some scratching on the door. He opened it and found a tiny kitten. He scooped her up and gave her a bowl of milk. He tried to pet her but she scratched him and hissed. Abe put the kitten back outside and told her to scram.
I was writing a term paper for a class. I made a lot of progress and was 15 pages into the final draft. A thunderstorm hit unexpectedly. My power went out for an hour. I lost the last five pages of text I had written.
Venus was playing jump rope with her friends. She jumped into the middle. Venus fell when she lost her timing. She bruised her knee against the concrete. Venus decided she had played enough jump rope for the day.
The decision made me feel cornered. He told me I only had two options. I could go to him or I could go home and never see him again. I was confused and very sad. I told him I would go to him like he wanted.
Molly was volunteering for a parade. The parade was for dogs and their owners. Her job was to pick up any dog poop along the way. She followed the parade the entire route, worried about any poop. Luckily, they made it to the end without any accidents.
My family woke up early to go to my grandma's house. We were going to her house to celebrate christmas. When we arrived, we had breakfast and talked. Afterwards, my siblings and I opened presents. We all got great gifts and it was an awesome day.
Suzy's birthday was coming soon. She begged her Mom to make her favorite cake. Suzy's Mom said money was tight and she may not get her cake. They had everything but frosting to make the cake. Suzy was thrilled when her Mom came back from the store with frosting.
My family went to the county fair. My brother ate a lot of fried bread. He wanted to get on the roller coaster. I told him it was a bad idea. He got very sick during the ride.
Maria's baby kept crying. She was worried that her baby might have an ear infection. She took the baby to the pediatrician. There was no infection, but there was a bug stuck in the baby's ear. After the bug was removed, Maria's baby immediately quit crying.
Amy liked a boy in her class who had blond hair and blue eyes. Amy was shy and did not know how to approach her crush. Amy talked to people who knew the boy she liked. Amy found out the boy she liked was single and liked her as well. Amy asked the boy she liked to be her boyfriend.
I purchased a hole puncher from the bookstore. I decided to punch several holes in a stack of paper. The handle of the hole puncher ended up breaking. In addition, it scratched my finger. I requested a refund for the item.
Taylor went fishing with his father. They got up very early to go to the lake. They sat quietly all day long. Finally, they caught a fish! It was too small and they had to toss it back.
Last year we got fleas in our house. Fleas bite you and make you itchy. We vacuumed a lot to get rid of the fleas. We also put down salt which is supposed to dehydrate them. Eventually, these things worked and we no longer have fleas.
Tamekia's whole life was a lie. She presented herself as a honest, wholesome and loving girlfriend. Therefore, Charles married her and got her pregnant. But Tameka soon got a divorce and sued for alimony. When their son turned 10 Charles had a blood test, the kid wasn't his.
Julie decided to go for a hike. She put supplies in her backpack. She started down the hiking trail. It took longer than she thought. She had to hurry to make it back before sunset.
Jim needed to take a shower. But his shower drain was clogged. He had no time to fix it. And he rushed to school. That day, everyone avoided Jim.
Bree had woken up late. She rushed to school as quickly as possible. When she got there the parking lot was empty. Bree was confused and called her friend. She realized it was Saturday.
I went fishing one summer evening. It started to get dark quickly. It started raining before I knew it. I ran through the woods to may car. I saw trees toppling over from a tornado.
Tom went to the coffee shop. Tom asked Bill to share his electricity plug. Tom and Bill began talking. They discovered they have similar interests. They decided to go to dinner together that night.
Jim bought an old car to work on for fun. He started the engine up and it made a funny noise. The sound seemed to come from timing belt. He replaced the belt and the sound went away. He threw the old belt away and sighed in relief.
Matt was addicted to the video game World of Warcraft. He played the game for 16 hours a day. He decided to quit one day. He uninstalled the game. Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school.
Earl wanted some flowers on his porch. He built a planter. He put lots of flowers in it and watered them daily. Soon, it was a beautiful display! The planter was a great addition.
Last Monday I handed in my resignation papers. 4 days later and I still haven't started my search for a new role. A friend advised me to created a detailed plan with steps. I did as she advised. Today I'm happy because procrastination is behind me.
Mary was walking through the park. While walking she saw a man walking a blue dog! She asked the man why his dog was blue. The man said fur dye was a new trend among dog lovers. Mary thought this was strange and continued with her walk.
Tina went to the bakery. She needed to buy bread. When she arrived, she was overwhelmed by all the choices. She saw several pastries as well. Tina bought ten times what she initially planned.
Marla was hungry for smothered cabbage. She cooked the cabbage on the stove. The cabbage gave off a strong odor. Marla's husband hated the smell. He opened all the windows in the house.
Kyle lost his job. He got lots of applications from different businesses. He was determined to find a new job. He filled each one out and returned it. Kyle found a new job quickly due to his diligence.
Matt wanted to be a famous race car driver. He built a car and raced at the local track. Matt won the local championship his first year. Matt has become a local sensation. Matt is now racing for a professional team and living his dream.
Ophelia is feeling hungry one day. She decides to eat a snack. Ophelia eats some candy. Afterwards she feels better. She is glad that she doesn't feel hungry any longer.
Larry spent most of his childhood in foster care. He didn't see his dad very often. One day he was driving and picked up a hitchhiker. When the man got in the car Larry recognized him immediately. The hitchhiker was his father!
Ted is the first of his friends to own a car. All of his friends want rides to school everyday. Ted only has room in his car for six people. Ted told his friends whoever is willing to pay for gas can get a ride. Ted has made a nice little side business while driving to school.
Miranda had a hard time following her classes. She could barely see the whiteboard when the teacher was writing. When she got bad grades, her parents took her to the eye doctor. She came out wearing a new pair of glasses. And next time she was in class, she could see very well.
Henry joined a pie eating contest. He took down three pieces of of a pie within 2 minutes. However, the bigger people in the contests ate too quickly. He ended up in last place. He told us that on the bright side, he got free food.
Except for the constant soft beating of the machine, it is quiet. You lay still, never even a twitch,  with that awful thing in your thr Few visitors come to see what remains of the  once beautiful you. Most people are born with two but someone decided you only get one. Sleep little sister knowing that everything was done for you this day.
Tim was turning 21. He didn't have many friends. He decided to go to the bar by himself. At the last minute one of his friends invited him out. Tim's other friends were there too.
Rane was invited to perform violin with a local orchestra. He realized he didn't have a black tie to wear. He asked his friends on Facebook if he could borrow one. His friend Kevin gave him one of his extras. Rane played the orchestra that night to a standing ovation.
Brooke went to the beach last week. It was her first time ever! She was excited to play in the waves. She stayed there for over five hours! Brooke cannot wait to return.
Kristin took a trip. She stayed on the beach for a week. She had never seen the ocean before! Kristin walked in the sand and watched the sun set. She felt completely at peace.
Billy went to the hardware store with his father. Billy stopped to look at something. His father did not notice and kept walking. Billy looked up and his father was gone! Billy found an employee who called his father for him.
Jamie had asked for a dog for years. When her dad came home he had a box. She opened up the box and found a Boston Terrier. She was so excited. They played all night and she named him Energy.
Lucy was making the biscuits for dinner by herself. She placed the biscuits in the buttery pan. Her grandma helped her place the pan in the oven. When done Lucy put on oven gloves so she could take them out. Lucy moved slowly, but she burned her arm on the oven door.
Thanksgiving was Ryan's favorite holiday. His mother cooked a turkey and several side dishes. The turkey was golden brown with crispy skin, Ryan's favorite part. His brother grabbed the crispiest piece of skin before Ryan got it. Ryan stole it off his brother's plate and ate it.
Tom had a big wedding to attend. He had been looking forward to it for days. About mid afternoon everyone asked why he wasn't there. Tom had thought the wedding was on a different day. He wound up having to miss it.
I love reading biographies of musicians. Last year I went to the library seeking info on Freddie Mercury. I was informed that they would have to order the book from elsewhere. I patiently awaited its arrival. Due to an error, they checked it out to someone else when it arrived.
When George was little, he liked to go the movies with his parents. He enjoyed all types of films and became very interested in filmmaking In college, he and his friends made their first movie. A movie studio saw the film and asked to purchase it. George agreed and his movie was enjoyed by millions of people.
Today is Christmas Eve. I will be driving home from school. My mother welcomes me with a big hug. I see everyone gathered in the kitchen. It feels good to be home.
I went to the mall today. I had no plans, I just wanted to shop. I visited a new store and found a rug on sale. The rug was weird but it fit my tastes perfectly. Despite the cost, I bought the rug and I am glad.
I grew up with violence. Everyone thought we were a happy family. My parents acted close to me in public. Behind closed doors, they started beating me. They became very emotionally and mentally abusive.
Frank's uncle was in the local car show this year. His pride and joy, an old mercury, looked gorgeous. The judges came around inspecting all the cars. Frank's uncle had shined his car up to perfection. The awards were announced and Frank's uncle won the whole show.
Tom was doing laundry at night. He put his clothes in the dryer. The next day he had to go to work. All his clothes were still wet. Tom had to wear dirty clothes instead.
Billy wanted to make the high school basketball team. Billy was not the greatest player, though. He practiced with his father everyday. He tried out for the team. He made the team as a backup.
Laura had to walk to her second job after work. When she came out of work it was raining out! She was worried because she had to walk nearly three blocks! She told me she tried to run but was worried she'd slip. She ended up making it to work but was all wet!
Courtney was in high school. The teacher was giving a lecture. She quietly told a joke. The class started laughing. The teacher kicked Courtney out of class.
It was a very long day. It was also very hot outside. Fred was about to walk out the door. Then he remembered the sunscreen. He had to go back outside.
Mark lived exploring new places. One day he took a long walk on a new trail. He went around smelling and touching all of the plants. Soon after Mark became really itchy and red. He quickly realized he had touched poison ivy.
Lawrence had the worst luck today. He was driving through town. He noticed a ticking noise in his engine. He decided to pull over and check it out. White smoke blew up in his face and he knew it was the engine.
Barry worked for his accounting firm for over 20 years. Recently, Barry was interviewed for the CFO position. Barry was told he would have an answer within two week. Barry was anxiously awaiting the news, when his cellphone rang. Barry was elated to discover he was the new CFO for the firm.
Ruth was with her friends on Halloween. They decided to go bowling. The place offered a free bowl for anyone in a costume. Ruth didn't have one, but quickly made one up using junk in her car. Luckily, it worked and she was able to bowl for free.
My niece has a cat that is devoted to her. She is away at college but came back last weekend. She was getting ready to leave Monday. The cat sat on her lap to try to prevent her from leaving. She took a photo on Snapchat.
Julie had invited her grandmother over for a visit. She was going to surprise her and introduce her boyfriend. When her grandma arrived Julie explained that her boyfriend was there. For some reason, her grandmother was upset about being surprised. Despite Julie's protests, her grandmother left without another word.
Beth was a middle school student. She wanted to be a high school cheerleader. She began practicing. She learned how to stretch correctly. She saw her flexibility increase and she made the team as a freshman.
Ryan was a hard working man. He was on his way home from work. He pulls into a little gas station. He buys a lottery ticket and some gas. Ryan was the winner of the jackpot.
Bill's friends point out that he only dates dumb girls. He disagrees and sets out to prove them wrong. So he starts dating a doctor. But he dumps her because they have nothing in common besides sex. Bill admits to his friends and himself that dumb girls are his type.
Chloe needed school clothes. None of hers fit. Her mom decided to take her shopping. While they were at the mall, chloe got sick. They had to postpone shopping for another day.
Barney opened a coffee shop downtown. He specialized in latte art. He could make many animals or designs. He was very popular. He opened another location less than a year later.
Mitch stood by the stage and waited for his cue to raise the curtain. The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch. The overture finished and the director stood still. A moment later he gave Mitch a signal. Mitch pulled the cords and raised the stage curtain.
After trying a long time a married woman finally conceived a baby. Unfortunately after a very short time she lost the child. Her husband assured her that they could try again. Two months later the couple conceived again. This time the baby made it full term and was very healthy.
The man poured a glass of water. He looked in the water. There was something floating in there. He poured the water out. He got water in another glass.
Sara had wanted a guest house for some time. She'd never had the money, but recently a wealthy relative had died. They'd left Sara a considerable sum of money. Sara called many contractors for quotes. She settled on one, and now enjoys her new guest house.
Ron was the best boxer ever in the city. A match was coming up. He decided to only lightly train. His opponent was very well conditioned. As a result, he only barely won.
Penny and Jack both loved books. One day they met at a local second-hand book store. They ended up spending the day together talking about books. They began seeing each other frequently. Eventually, Penny and Jack fell in love and got married.
Harry's high school friend had passed away in a car crash. Everyone in school, including him, was devastated. He decided to write a song to get his feelings out. Soon, everyone was sharing the song. Harry felt glad know he had made a lasting tribute to his friend.
Gary felt he could pay off his mortgage quickly if he got roommates. Gary placed an ad on Craigslist looking for roommates. After screening roommates, Gary choose two individuals. After they moved in Gary and his roommates became acquainted. Gary was glad with the decision he made to get roommates.
Greg ripped some pages out of a book. He returned the book to the library. Someone else borrowed that book. They couldn't read the missing pages. They would always wonder.
Maurice is looking for something good to make for breakfast. He loves eating bacon but he knows that it is unhealthy. Maurice prepares oatmeal for breakfast. He spits out the first bite, wishing for bacon. Maurice decides to cook a pan of bacon instead.
Sonya was very happy. Her parents were taking her to the circus. They got their and she was amazed. All the lions and elephants, not to mention the performers. Sonya had an amazing time that day with her family.
Armando is working selling tacos. He is cooking them up for the customers. A customer orders some tacos. Armando loses track of time. He burns the tacos and the customer leaves.
Robert walked up his driveway and saw something odd. It was a large toad sitting right in front of him. When Robert tried to walk around, the toad leaped in his path. The toad persisted, until Robert realized what he should do. With a flying leap he soared over the toad and continued his walk.
Keith was a young man in his 20s. He had a good job and didn't drink. He had something people didn't like about him. He was a smoker. Keith eventually gave up smoking to protect his image.
John was always really good at Soccer, so he decided to challenge Joe. Joe couldn't pass this up, and they began to play. They were both evenly matched, but Joe was pulling ahead. In the end, Joe won by over 30 points. They both laughed it off and went and got ice cream together.
Nancy could hardly see in her bedroom. All her lightbulbs were burned out! She had one left in her pantry. She tried to screw it into the fixture. She slipped and dropped it on the floor, breaking it.
Today was Saturday and Zach had nothing to do. He looked online for things to do alone. He ended up going to the store to look for ingredients to a meal. He cooked the meal, then invited his friend Bob over. Bob said the meal was great, now they spent the night together.
Annie was excited for the summer. She was always busy with school and work. Now she was looking forward to the break and rest. The three months couldn't be slow enough. Before she knew it, Summer was over and it was back to work.
I had a girlfriend who was very petite and skinny. I did not think she was athletic at all. One day we went to the swimming pool together. She could swim twice as fast as me. This was a good lesson in not judging people by their appearance.
Tim was snowboarding with friends. They took a break to get some drinks. They all put their snowboards up publicly. Tim noticed his was missing. He looked everywhere but never got it back.
My small school group went on a backpacking trip. I thought that If I carried less food weight, that I would eat less. Seven miles up the trail, my small bag of trail mix was unsatisfying. I spent the rest of the week extremely hungry. I learned my lesson and always brought plenty of food on later trips.
Lexi wanted to lose a few pounds. She began watching what she was eating. Lexi and a friend started taking walks after work. Lexi began to feel better. She lost twenty pounds in a few months.
Jacque had led a rather bland life as an office clerk. He longed for excitement and adventure, and daydreamed of both daily. One day the brakes on the mid-day train failed. Jacque was the only one close enough to push the kill switch. Now, Jacque enjoys the peace and quiet that is the life of a clerk.
My sister was practicing the violin in our house. It sounded like a car wreck. I have to put ear plugs in to drain out the noise. I didn't want to hurt my sister's feelings. So I never asked her to stop.
Olaf started high school and had to ride the subway home. His first trip was nerve-wracking, since he was so confused! But a kind stranger helped him buy a ticket and board the train. After that, the trip was a breeze! Olaf even grew to like the time he had alone on the subway.
My friend sam has a n obsessive compulsive disorder. He tends to focus on one thing, and one thing only! He loves riding his bike on long, 2 or three hour trips. Yesterday he left to go to Toledo. He just called me from Detroit.
Gina had been taking far too many iron pills. Gina's mom called the poison control center. She wanted to find out the symptoms for iron overdose. Gina didn't have any of the symptoms the people read off. She was relieved, and decided to never do that again.
Tom drove a manual car. He wasn't very good at it. He would constantly grind his gears. It eventually messed up his transmission. He had to have it rebuilt.
I was poor. I played the lottery every week in hopes of becoming rich. I would never win. After forty years, I finally got the winning number! I was finally rich!
Tom always wanted to be a dancer. He joined a local competition. He quickly realized he was out of his element. He didn't do too well. Tom decided to train harder.
Frank watched the political debate. The candidate Frank supported kept switching his position. Frank watched the entire debate. He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job. Frank decided to vote for the other candidate.
Sam drove to a beach he had never been to before. He walked along the shore and collected shells. He buried the shells in the sand. He also built a sand castle. He then went home.
Sue hired a wedding planner. She needed help with her design. She explained she wanted something simple. The planner helped her with all the details. The wedding turned out to be perfect.
Eddie was over the moon. He had gotten tickets for his favorite jazz band months before. Tickets were expensive, but he was happy to pay. The band took the stage and began playing. They were sublime and Eddie was in heaven.
Matt was a wealthy doctor, but he was quite lonely. He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness. He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World. In Asia, he doctored a beautiful woman and they quickly fell in love. When Matt returned home, he brought her with him- as his wife!
Teresa was cleaning. She gathered all the garbage and threw it in the garbage can. She liked when her house felt clean and tidy. On garbage day, there was a huge pile for the garbage man. Teresa was happy to get rid of so much.
She went to the store for some candy. She went straight to the candy aisle. She found a huge box of pixy stix. She loved the ones in the pink tube the most. She grabbed it happily, and went to check out.
Bob needed to clean his computer case before he could build it. He took a rag and wet in under the sink. Then, he manually cleaned every crevice of the filthy case. Next, Bob dried the case with a hairdryer. The case was now clean and ready to be used!
Hamilton snored when I slept with him. He curled up next to me whenever I stayed at my friend's house. He snored in my ear and got snot on me. He cuddled close, wanting lots of attention. He always tried to keep me from getting up the next morning.
Jane wanted to be a nurse. She went to school and studied hard. She got really good grades. She did much better than most doctors. She became a nurse easily.
Mark was neck-deep in college loans. One day his university called him for alumni donations. Because of his already looming loans, Mark fumed at the request. He spent half an hour scolding the university employee. He soon regretted it and donated anyway.
Amy had been dieting for months. But her scale wasn't budging! Dejected, Amy decided to measure herself. Then her face lit up happily. Her waist had grown three inches smaller!
I bought my dog a new bone. He seemed happy to get it. His tail wagged and he hopped around. He ate the bone for a long time. Then he hid it under his bed.
Eric is 21. It's his birthday. He goes out to drink. He has 10 beers. Eric gets drunk for the first time ever.
We sold our condo in 2013. The closing was set for April 21, 2013. A few days before the closing the bank said the title was unclear. We were frantic, but our lawyer found a way to clear the title. We were very relieved.
Our family just recently bought a new dog. We never seen how our dog react during a storm. The dog started crying. Then ran off into my bedroom. The dog hide underneath the bed.
Eric liked his new RC car. But he wished he had a track to drive it on. So he built one in his backyard. And he told some of his friends about it. Soon, it became a popular spot for local RC car tournaments.
The teacher handed our test papers. Most of the class looked happy while several people were mad. I told my friend that I'm satisfied with my grade. On the other hand, she was infuriated. She threw the test papers at the teacher and walked away.
Karrine had spent so much time in the music industry. She decided to leave the industry to become a writer. After leaving, she wrote a tell-all book about the industry. The book sold like hot cakes, but she made many enemies. She became a hermit out of fear, and never left her house after that.
Red needed a new computer. He went to the electronics store. There, he found the perfect computer. It was much more expensive that he had expected! Still, Red was glad to get it.
Jim and his buddy Craig went on a camping trip. They went fishing for trout. Jim caught a twelve inch rainbow trout. At the campsite, they made a big fire. Unfortunately, it started to rain so they packed up and went home.
Jack got home from school. His house smelled horrible. He couldn't figure out what it was. He finally checked the fridge. It was rotten eggs.
Ava loved to play fetch. Her owner would throw the tennis ball across the yard. She would chase it and catch it. She didn't understand how to give it back. The owner got frustrated after just a few minutes.
I asked Katie to join me at the movie theater one evening. She accepted, remarking she'd prefer a nicer theater than I chose. I told her I knew what I was doing. That night at our theater, a mouse was found in the popcorn container. Katie never went out with me again.
The water coming from the pipes was not good. The town has been forced to use water filters for it. I purchased a filter yesterday. Thankfully it worked wonders. Now I have clean water.
Diane went to the grocery store to buy a quick meal for dinner. She was thinking about a frozen dinner with chicken and noodles. However, Diane saw that a good-quality frozen pizza brand was on sale. She bought one of those pizzas and some mushrooms to put on top. The grand total was less than $4, which was pleasing to Diane.
The new iPhone was coming out. Allie wanted the phone immediately. So she and her friends went to the store. They stood in line. But unfortunately they had to wait hours.
Tom bought gifts for his son for Christmas. He didn't want his son to find the gifts before Christmas day. Tom hid the gifts in the garage. On Christmas day, Tom gave his son the gifts. His son was very surprised.
Sarah was on a blind date. She went to a local Mexican restaurant in order to meet her date. Sarah sat at the table while waiting for his date to arrive. She was disappointed when he didn't show up. Afterwards, Sarah went home and cried for hours. k.
Jacque was triggered. Someone had called her fat. She knew she wasn't fat, just big boned. She cried and tried to get them expelled from university. Nothing happened to the student, and Jacque ate for consolation.
Christie does not like to swim. Her family wants to go to the pool today. Christie is upset and voiced her displeasure to her family members. Christie's siblings tell her that they will support her. Christie ends up having a good time at the pool.
Rufus notices that he is out of coffee grounds at home. At the store, he decides to buy whole beans instead of grounds. He grinds the beans moments before making his coffee. Rufus loves the way that coffee from freshly ground beans tastes. He decides to always grind beans immediately before making coffee.
Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.
Courtney had a busy night. She put dinner in the crock pot to cook all day. When she came home, it was finished. She ate the tender meat and smiled. She was glad to come home to a home cooked meal.
Sara wanted to surprise her husband. She got up early and began cooking pancakes. While they were cooking she went to wake up her husband. They ended up chatting in their room for a minute. When Sara went to check on her pancakes, she realized they had burned.
Andy was craving some cereal. He picked out some honey oats from his pantry. Andy went to the fridge to get some milk. Andy smelled the milk and noticed it was spoiled. Andy settled with munching on raw cereal.
Oliver worked in law enforcement. One of his coworkers was a great friend. Felicity really liked him, but he didn't want to date her. Finally she started dating, and he was jealous. They finally got together and got married!
The kids were hard at work. They were inventing their own board game. They made a board and some fake money. They taught their friends how to play as well. Everyone loved the game!
Matt took his wife to the store after work. After the store, Matt surprised her a dinner date. They went to the fanciest restaurant in town. They both really enjoyed their meal that night. Matt and his wife now have a favorite new place to eat.
Jessica and her friends were having a pumpkin carving contest. Jessica tried to cut out a detailed mouth with teeth. But some of the teeth broke off! Jessica decided to make him toothless. She won the contest anyway!
My brother was wearing a hat. He took it off his head. He threw it on the floor. I picked the hat up. I put it on our hat rack.
A boy pick up a rock at the beach. He felt the texture and inspected it for smoothness. He approved of the rock for a skipping stone. The boy brought his arm back and waited for calm water. During a lull he threw the stone and it skipped 11 times on the water.
Lucy was waiting for her boyfriend tom. She was sitting in the park. Then she saw Tom. He was with another girl. Lucy immediately went up to him and screamed at him.
Ivan was in a bicycle race. But he couldn't bear the thought of losing. So he put something strange in the best cyclist's water bottle. Half way through the race, Ivan saw the cyclist quit. And Ivan won the race.
Jimmy's car broke down on the highway. He was on the way to visit his parents. He had to wait a few hours before a mechanic arrived. The mechanic was able to fix his car on the spot. Jimmy made it to his parent's house in time for dinner.
Kayla had gotten a poster from the store. She wanted to hang it in her room. Kayla used tacks to hang the poster on her wall. The tacks left holes in the wall. Kayla's parents were upset at the holes left by the tacks.
My family and I went to Maumee Bay once. We played football and went swimming. My parents set up dinner under a gazebo. After dinner, we watched fireworks over the bay. It was one of the best days in my life.
Sarah was only 14. She had made her school's diving team. She had never done the high dive though, and she was scared. She looked over the edge, and focused. She leapt off the platform, twirling and spinning.
Amanda really wanted to go the hockey game. She looked for tickets but saw that they were expensive. Amanda's boyfriend knew about this and decided he wanted to help. He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift. Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were.
Two people were killed in the big city today! All they were doing was getting gas. I'm getting scared to go out. I need to increase my security. I will get a guard dog.
The boy put on a cape. He pretended to fly. His friend asked him who he was supposed to be. The boy called himself flying man. That became his nickname for years.
Tripp was determined to get into law school. He spent every weekend studying for the LSAT. He took the LSAT and made a great score. He submitted his application. He finally received his letter and was accepted.
I bought the clothes clandestinely. I didn't want my husband to find out they were new. I cut off the tags and threw them away. I put on the dress. It was then that I saw the tag hanging out.
Martin was in the fifth grade. He had never missed a single day of school. While eating breakfast this morning he started feeling sick. He threw up in her cereal in front of everybody. Martin was forced to go home immediately by the nurse.
Sal looked at the monitors in the station. All the lights and read-outs were indicating a major earthquake. Sal picked up the phone and began to dial his boss. He slammed the phone down and reconsidered. He picked up the phone again and dialed his wife instead.
Tim went on vacation with friends. They spent a week in Brazil. Everyone partied and hit on girls the whole time. Tim had the time of his life. He extended his trip by two days.
My Chemistry teacher gave us a lecture on organic compounds. While taking notes, my eyes began to close. As much as I resisted, I ended up falling asleep. Since I sat in the front row of the class, my teacher can see me. She yelled at me and told me to focus on the lecture.
Monte and Joe were tossing a ball in the back yard. The ball rolled into the bushes. Monte went into the bushes to get it. All of a sudden he was swarmed by bees. He had accidentally disturb a big nest of them.
Bryce was given a puppy for his seventh birthday. His parents told him he had to feed it and walk it. Sometimes Bryce forgot, but they reminded him. Gradually he began to do those things automatically. His parents were pleased at how responsible Bryce was becoming.
James lit the grill to get it ready for the cookout. The guests arrived, and he began to cook the meat on the grill. James chatted as cooked the food. He took the food off of the grill and put it on the table. Everyone made a plate and enjoyed the food over conversation.
I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school's team. When I tried out for the team though the coach wouldn't let me pitch. He said I didn't throw fast enough. I worked on my pitching speed for the next year. The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher.
Sam threw a paper airplane in the air It was moving around the wind. Eventually, it approached Diana. Unfortunately, the plane landed in her eye. She spent 10 minutes washing it with water.
Rey woke up late this morning. Because of that,he's already late. He took a bath quickly and did not even eat breakfast. He packed his things and rush to come to school. Then he noticed he left his id in their house.
Geoff ate out every day of his adult life, he was a 27 year old man. He loved going to drive troughs and preferred eating in his car. One day while he was ordering his favorite food he had a heart attack. He was rushed to the hospital by the employees and went into a coma. He died due to his excessive and unhealthy life style later that night.
Kate was planning on running errands. But it was cloudy and looked like it was going to storm. She hoped she could beat the storm. She showered and tried to dress quickly. But before she was dressed the rain began to fall.
Rachel was nervous for her first day at her job in a new school. She was used to teaching grade schoolers, not high schoolers. When she arrived at the school another teacher greeted her. He noticed she was nervous and started to talk her through it. Rachel was able to cool her nerves and thanked her colleague.
When i'm in grade school my favorite color is pink. Almost all my stuff was color pink. But when we were at the shopping mall i saw a red mirror. Then i decided to change all my stuff to color red. From that day my favorite color is red.
The boy punched his friend. His friend was in a wheelchair. His friend called it a crime. The boy said he was playing. The friend forgave the boy.
Joey was having a fun game of basketball. He was playing with his friend george. Suddenly George challenged him to a bet. Joey accepted the bet with confidence. Joey lost by 20 points and was humiliated by George.
Loren decided to wash the dishes for her roommates. She used a glass of water to soak the sponge in. After she washed everything she forgot to wash the glass. She left it next to the sink and a roommate tried to drink from it. The roommate was embarrassed.
Ben was taking piano lessons. He liked the piano, however his teacher was very tough. The teacher would put high demands on him, and had a short temper. After a while Ben realized that he wasn't enjoying his piano lessons. So, Ben decided to quit taking piano lessons.
The mayor was trying to be re-elected for the next term. He told all his supporters to put up signs around town. The day before the election he had the support of 99% of the town. The opposition resisted the mayor until the final ballot. The opposition failed to win the election from the mayor.
Sally entered a contest for a shopping spree. She received a call one day. Sally won the spree. She got to shop at her favorite store. Sally bought $600 worth of clothes.
Victor came home from work to find a wet spot on the carpet. His dog, Bubba, looked especially guilty. Victor became angry and raised his voice. However, he changed his mind and decided the guilt was enough. The two ended up playing fetch in the backyard instead.
Tom's dad asked him if he wanted to play a shooting game. Tom was very nervous when his dad said there were big guns used! But he wanted to appear brave, so he agreed to go and  play. When they arrived, Tom's dad handed him a loaded paintball gun. The males shot at each other and had a great, colorful time!
My wife binge watched Little House on the Prairie. She saw every episode for nine seasons. Then she watched the three made for tv movies. After she was done, she searched for other shows to binge watch. She selected Law and Order, with 20 seasons.
The man went to church. The preacher was boring. He looked for another church. He found an exciting preacher. He joined that church instead.
Aaron came from a wealthy family, but he was curious about the ghetto. He and his cousin Chuck drove into the city of Compton. They turned into the drive-thru of the famous Tommy's Burgers. At the check-out window they got their food and a gun in their faces. Aaron gave up his Suburban truck and went walking for a pay phone.
After a semester of hard work, I finally got an A in my math class. I had attended every lecture, no matter how boring it was. I did every homework assignment, even the difficult ones. Although I wanted to quit, I persevered through the class. I'm proud of my grade.
Riley really wanted to get pizza but didn't have much money. She decided to look and see which pizza places had the best deals. After a lot of searching online she found the perfect place. She went to Big Al's Pizza and got their large pizza for ten dollars. After getting her pizza she sat down to enjoy it happily.
Ray came home from work to find his wife upset. She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce. Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents. A week later, his wife called him to say that she changed her mind. Ray decided he did not trust her anymore and did not care.
The man filled the pool with water. He jumped in the pool. The water was cold. He got out of the pool. He bought a heater for the water.
Lisa loved turkey. She saw some new kind of turkey at the grocery store. She was curious as to what it was. Lisa saw it was herbed. When she tried it she loved it.
Andy had a busy traveling day for work. However, as he to check in at Delta, he got bad news. Andy found out that all flights had been grounded. In addition, Delta told Andy they could not say when he could leave. Andy was furious that his travel plans were interrupted.
Fran and her brother set off to explore the exhibits at the fair. It wasn't long before the aromas from the food vendors tempted them. It was near dinner time, so they decided to have a meal. They were so many choices it was difficult to decide. Finally, they agreed upon corn dogs, onion rings, and funnel cakes.
The Walker family went to the Christmas tree farm. They were looking for the perfect tree! Suddenly, the children ran towards the biggest tree. It was the perfect Christmas tree! The Walker family tied it to their car and took it home.
My brother in-law had a heart attack in 2006. He was overweight and a smoker. He resolved to stop smoking and go on a diet. He did well for a year, then went back to his old ways. He died of a heart attack in 2012.
Bree and her friends were playing on her trampoline. They decided to try jumping on it from the roof. They all climbed up onto the roof. Then, Bree jumped. She was badly hurt and all of her friends decided not to jump.
Abby went outside to play in the new snow. She built a snowman and threw snowballs. Her glasses fell off and she couldn't find them. She looked for an hour and still they were lost. The next spring when the snow melted, she finally found her glasses.
Grace loved going to the park. The slide was her favorite thing to ride. She went on it seven times in a row. Her legs were so tired she couldn't climb the ladder again! Grace asked her mom to carry her home.
Colin wanted to impress his would be girlfriend. He was proving his leg strength by jumping from rooftop to rooftop. During his last jump, something went wrong. Colin was sandwiched between the two buildings. The fire department eventually got him out a few hours later.
Nina committed to taking the Live Below The Line challenge. She bought all the food she could with the allowed money. She ate it all in the first day and was still very hungry. She battled with her hunger for hours and hours. Nina gave up on experiencing poverty and ordered a pizza.
John had a bad night. His girlfriend came home and started to fight with him. He tried to avoid it, but she would not stop. They fought for hours. He finally just left.
A businessman walked past his secretary and told her he's busy. The business man went to his office and locked the door. He say down on his chair and opened his computer. The business man went to Netflix and watched TV all day. When he left, he told the secretary that he finished his work.
Bob wanted to become an Artist. His dream was to have a painting in the Louvre. His parents told him he shouldn't be an artist. But, Bob decided to follow his dreams. After many years, Bob finally had a painting of his in the Louvre.
Sam went fishing this summer. His father rented a boat with a captain. They headed out on the Great Lakes. They caught 12 salmon. Sam had fish to eat the entire winter.
Adam's dad got him a telescope for his birthday. That night it was warm and clear. They went in the yard and set up the scope eagerly. Then they took turns observing the stars and planets. Adam loved his stellar present!
My son cheats when playing games. We were all playing bowling on the Wii earlier. After a few frames, my husband was winning by a lot. My son shut the Wii off with his controller. He claims it was an accident so we had to restart.
Kim had never flown a kite before. It looked pretty easy, though. Until she tried to get it up in the air. She couldn't quite figure it out until her brother demonstrated. It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree!
My wife and I went out to the beach on the first day of our vacation. I read the book I had brought with me. She tried to get tanner. We both ended up falling asleep. Back at the hotel, we agreed it was a great vacation so far.
Bob was driving home from work. There was a heavy blizzard going on. His vision was limited by the heavy snowfall He couldn't see the ice patch ahead and began to slide. He ended up crashing into a ditch.
I went to buy a soda today. They had so many different types. I bought my soda. My soda was cold. I drank my soda.
Tim noticed his paychecks weren't right at work. He seemed to be getting paid less than he should have. He documented every instance of it. When he had enough evidence to talked to a lawyer. Tim was able to prove stolen wages.
Sara wanted the family to all have special Christmas stockings. She went to the store and bought them each a red stocking. Then she got a bunch of art supplies. The family sat together and each made their own stocking. The family all hung their personalized stockings on the mantle.
Tom got a new sound system. It was really heavy in the bass. He tried to crank it up high one time. It wound up breaking some of his windows. Tom never turned it up that high again.
A large tornado struck a small village in Ohio. One woman in particular had her house totally torn apart. Her two children were missing for 3 hours. They were found under some rubble. Amazingly, they were totally unharmed.
One of my neighbors lost a cat. She posted a note on my door about it. So, I joined the hunt. Luckily, we were able to find the cat. That good fortune really made my friend's day!
Mike and Ann bought a new bed for their son. The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings. The couple decided they should buy a new bed for themselves. After Mike and Ann got their new bed they slept better also. It was the best purchase they had made in awhile.
I haven't seen my sister for several years now. Finally I saw her yesterday while visiting my mother. She's been in a cult for the past five years and they never told me. I asked my mom why they let my sister join a cult. She told me she thought it would be good for her.
Ken loved going to church. He spent time with family. He got to learn valuable lessons. They even went to eat after. He made sure to go every Sunday.
Me and my mom always used to play gin. She grew up playing it and was very good. I could never beat her as a kid. Now I beat her all the time. She regrets playing with me so much now that I am so good.
Lucy decided to buy a parrot. She went to a pet store. She chose one she really liked. He sat on her arm and said Hi. She fell in love with this one.
I heard on the news one afternoon an alarming report. The announcer said that we should keep watch for tornadoes. This made me very nervous. I went to bed that night with a flashlight and my car keys nearby. I woke up the next morning to find nothing had happened!
Jess wanted to make her own cookbook. She thought she had so many creative ideas for recipes. She jotted down a list of them. She ended up only having 20 ideas. She thought twice about her cookbook idea.
I was hungry for fruit. I decided to go shopping. I bought some oranges. When I got home I realized they were moldy. I cried in frustration.
Mark asked Lorraine out on a date and she accepted. He made reservations at a nice restaurant. On the day of the date, he picked her up at 7:00 PM. They had a nice dinner and then went to a movie. Mark even got a kiss goodnight at the end of the evening.
Andy was having writer's block. He was two-thirds finished with his book. He decided to travel a bit to look for some inspiration. He spent a week traveling across Europe with his family. When he came home, he was able to finish his book.
Kathy was in middle school when she realized she was not happy. She would go throughout her days somber and non involved. She asked her mom for help but she said it was part of growing up. Kathy finally snapped out of it and graduated into highs school. She considered this her middle school woes and just a faze.
Aiden was extremely thirsty after his workout. But he didn't have any change for the vending machine. Unfortunately, the water fountain was also out of order. He decided to stop by the gas station on his way home. Aiden was finally able to quench his thirst.
My alarm clock rang at 7:30 AM. But I was in such a deep sleep, I didn't hear it. Suddenly I bolted awake and realized it was 8:05 AM! I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door. I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away.
Sally was having lunch by herself at an Italian restaurant. She overheard her waiter having money problems. Sally felt very bad for her waiter. After her meal, Sally tipped her $100. The waiter was very grateful for the tip.
Joe finally cleaned his carpet. It was filthy. His dog was outside and Joe let it in. It peed on Joe's new carpet. Joe was so angry and took the dog outside.
Jen took the bus home from school. The bus had a flat tire on the way home. Jen called her mom. Jen's mom showed up at the bus. Jen got a ride home with her mom.
Serena was preparing for her school's upcoming science fair. She had settled on generating electricity with water. She had almost everything prepared but her water wheel wasn't working. After tireless hours of research she thought she had the issue solved. Luckily, her project worked and she got a great ribbon for it.
I went to Boston University from 1971 to 1975. I was a commuter, and did not live on campus. One day I was studying between classes. I found the student lounge has tv rooms, one to each major channel. I watched a few shows between classes.
The kids had a dog named Ava. She was kind of old and smelly. They loved her anyway. She didn't know any tricks, but she was very sweet. The we're proud of their nice dog.
I had to ask a local waitress to pick something up for me in town. I wrote down what I needed and grabbed some some cash. I drove to the restaurant where she works. I told her about what I needed and gave her the money. When she got back from town she gave me what I needed and my change.
Cora went on a hunting trip with her father. But they couldn't catch anything! Soon they decided to give up and go swimming instead. Cora and her dad hiked from the woods down to the beach. There, they had a great time swimming together!
A man walked into a pet store and demanded to be sold the best pet. The clerk offered him a snake and the man refused. He told her snakes were the worst animal. The clerk thought hard and suggested a falcon. The man was overjoyed and bought a falcon right away.
Tim had been practicing karate his entire youth. By the time he was 18 he joined his first tournament. Tim got first place easily. He went on to regional and national competitions. Eventually Tim became open weight champ.
The couple was building a new house. Their biggest desire was a big, winding driveway. They started to dig it as the first thing. Once it was finished, they started on the house. They couldn't wait to pull up that driveway and see their new house!
Grandma always made the best cookies. Once, when I was little, she let me stir the batter. I made a horrible mess and got egg all over the kitchen. When I tried to clean it up, I ended up spilling the flour, too. Even so, she let me lick the spoon.
Holly had always wanted to pursue a Master's in Public Health. She worked hard academically to maintain a good grade point average. She also interned with the local Health Department to gain experience. During her senior year she able to apply to graduate schools. Her internships and grades earned her a spot in graduate school!
Jan is a manager at KFC. She works very hard for her money. Lately she has been so stressed about losing her trailer. She cannot pay the rent this month without overtime. Jan asks for more hours to cover rent and she gets it.
Cathy wanted to plant a vegetable garden in her backyard. She shopped at a home and garden center, planning her garden. She purchased her supplies, including tools, dirt and seeds. She spread the dirt and planted the seeds, using the tools. Later that afternoon, she drank lemonade, surveying her work.
Brittany just turned 12 Year's old. Her friends had started wearing makeup, and she wanted to also. Brittany found some of her mom's makeup in the cabinet. She tried in vain to apply eye liner. Her mom came in the room and offered to give her some tips.
Timmy knew he wasn't supposed to eat candy before breakfast. The basket of Halloween treats on the counter was too tempting. He hid the empty wrappers under the other kitchen trash. He insisted to his mom that he hadn't eaten any candy. She silenced his protests by pointing at his chocolate thumb print.
Shawn came home late from work expecting the smell of food in his home He was disappointed to learn that tonight he would be eating alone. Shawn's wife had gone out of town last night. Betty prepared several meals for Shawn ahead of time. Shawn enjoyed his wife's cooking even while she wasn't there.
Ken plays hockey. On Saturday, Ken's team is in a tournament. Ken has been practicing all week. The game comes and Ken blocks all the other team's goals. Ken's team wins the tournament.
Sebastian is three years old. Like most toddlers, he loves to play outside. Today we played outside, despite the rain. We danced in puddles and got muddy. Then we took off our shoes and went back inside.
Mike wanted to buy a bike for a long time. Mike spoke with his family members about buying the bike. Mike's family members were against him in buying the bike. Mike bought the bike anyway. Mike's family members finally let him keep the bike.
The man filled his cup with nuts. He sprinkled the nuts around a tree. Squirrels came and gathered the nuts. The man watched the squirrels. The man felt happy feeding the squirrels.
Steve went to the doctor. The doctor prescribed him several medicines. Steve dropped off his prescriptions at the pharmacy. The pharmacy filled the prescriptions later that hour. Steve returned that day to pick up the prescriptions.
Cara had made a sandwich tray for her son's party. But her fridge broke, and the sandwiches spoiled! Cara was devastated. Then she called a sandwich shop for a hasty replacement tray. Her son's guests never even knew the difference!
Charles' mother said her son had an anger management problem. Charles disagreed. His mother offered him $100 when he needed it badly. But his mother didn't show up and Charles was starving. He wrote scathing emails to her, and she said, see you have a problem.
Dan lived in a house. There was a hotel right beside him. One day he found someone wandering in his house. He was surprised to find the person there. His house was not part of the hotel.
Cam called his friend Joe to find out where Joe was. Joe explained that he was at the diner and invited Cam. Cam drove to the nearest diner and looked for Joe. Joe was nowhere to be seen. Cam called Joe and Joe said he was at a different diner.
Abby met the time traveler at a restaurant. She met him again in apartment, wearing considerably less. Abby couldn't get the scientist out of her head. Weeks went by, and the affair went down in her notes again and again. Abby couldn't decide how to end the sci fi story she was writing.
Tom got some fast food. He went through drive through. When he got home he realized it was stale. Tom called to complain. They allowed him to get free food next time.
Chris was excited when he saw Tom's new computer. He decided to try it out. Although he didn't know how to use it, he kept clicking random buttons. When Tom tried to use it, it couldn't work anymore. He became furious towards Chris.
John decided to grill steak. It was his speciality. As he was grilling, it started to rain. John had to broil his steak. He was disappointed in the new flavor.
The window seal broke on my windows. I contacted a window replacement service. They told me how to fix the windows myself. I ended up being able to fix them myself. Thanks to the window replacement service, I saved a lot of money.
She was excited when she found the coupon. It was for $50 at her favorite makeup store. She browsed the site for hours. She chose her purchase carefully. She bought a bright red lipstick that was very expensive.
Ed rushed to his locker between classes to get some homework. He turned the combination lock but it wouldn't open. As he was about to give up his friend Seth walked up. Seth asked him why he was trying to get into his locker. It was then Ed realized he was trying the wrong lock!
Lexi was starting gymnastics. She tried on many different leotards. She found one that was comfortable and cute. She took it home and tried it on again. She was so excited to go to class!
Jessica's town had been frozen through winter. The weather was beginning to warm up in the spring. As things warmed up, the ice began to melt. It caused a lot of flooding throughout town. It took weeks to get the flooding under control.
There was a squirrel across the street. It was climbing up and down the tree. I realized it was carrying nuts to its babies. I watched until it finally stopped and hid in the tree. I realized this was probably a waste of my time.
Kim wanted to buy a puppy. Her friend suggested adopting one from a local shelter. Kim went to a local dog shelter and saw many dogs that needed a home. Kim found a young dog that was very playful. Kim adopted the dog and took him home.
Andy was doing his clothes at the laundromat. He pulled his clothes from the dryer. Andy accidently left a shirt in the dryer. Andy got home with his shirt. He later realized he had lost his shirt.
Scooter woke up one morning and decided to make toast. No one lived with Scooter so he would have to make the toast himself. Scooter opened the bag of bread and took out two slices. Scooter then put the two slices of bread into a toaster. Scooter got distracted by the phone and ended up burning his toast.
The neighbors growing up were retired. They spent all their time at home. I went to their house to help them clean their yard. They held trash bags while I raked leaves. My mother said she wished I would help at home that way.
Richard rode his bike home from school. He left his bike in the driveway. Richard's father returned from work. He didn't see Richard's bike. Richard's father rolled over the bike in his car.
Tom was riding to a concert with a friend. The friend was supposed to pick him up. After a long while Tom gets a call from the friend. They thought that Tom was the one who would drive. They had to rush but still made it in time for the show.
Marcus was playing his guitar at school. His friend Matthew approached him and asked about the music. Soon they were in a heated conversation about their music tastes. The duo decided that they should collaborate on some music. The resulting album was very popular with all of their friends.
When I was a boy I wanted to dance, but my dad wanted no part in it. He was a man's man, loved football and only wanted that for me. I played football, but I danced in secret at night. One day, my dad saw me dancing and he cried; I thought he was mad. But he wasn't mad, he was simply happy that I was happy dancing!
Molly was watching TV. She saw a commercial for some french fries. She had a huge craving for some fries. She decided to make some from scratch. Luckily, the fries came out really well.
Amy was going outside to check her mail. She noticed a grocery store cart in the lot next to her house. She kept an eye on the cart for a few days. When no one moved it, she decided to call the store to let them know. They came and picked the cart up quickly.
Kim got a job delivering papers. At first she hated it. But then she got a coworker named John. John went to her school, and they became friends. Soon Kim looked forward to working to see John!
Kya was going on a class trip to Paris. She was nervous to be away from home! But when she arrived, she forgot her apprehension. There was so much to see and do! Kya ended up having an amazing time!
Carlos and Ruben walked home from school together every day. They would terrorize the girls in their neighborhood on the way home. Their favorite trick was to hide and then jump out to scare the girls. Sometimes they even threw rocks at the poor girls. Jeff was a boy scout who had his hands full walking scared girls home.
Smoking for years had left him with a terrible chronic cough. He woke up this morning coughing very hard. He could barely breathe as he sat upright. He said he needed to stop smoking soon. I agreed with him and offered to start buying e-cigs.
The zoo ran a promotion. They showed new baby lions. People came from all over to see them. The lions behaved themselves. The zoo found it a success.
Bob was incredibly thirsty after his run. He went to the local convenience store to buy a drink. They only had milk and juice. Bob decided to buy the juice. It satisfied his thirst.
Dave went to the beach with buckets. He began to take sand from the beach and put it into buckets. He took the buckets home. In Dave's backyard was a square wooden box in which he dumped sand. Now Dave had a proper sandbox with real beach sand.
There I was sitting at the beach on a beautiful California morning. Breathing the beautiful site and taking in the waves hitting  shore. The rain started, which reminded me it was time for work. Stuck in a box all day waiting for my freedom, I could still see hope. I returned to the beach after work and realized, I always had a choice.
Kate went to the store to buy a snack on a winter's afternoon. She saw the magazine rack in the corner. She began browsing through fashion magazines. The man at the register was not pleased. Kate decided to buy the magazine and skip her snack today.
Jessica had always wanted a big wedding with many guests. However, her boyfriend wanted to have a small private wedding. They argued about the wedding for a year. Finally her boyfriend told her he didn't want to be married. Now Jessica worries that she will never have her big wedding.
Jennifer wanted to organize her living room. She bought a tall bookshelf to contain the clutter. She put some cute knick knacks on it as well. Jennifer felt like her living room was really coming together. She liked having a clean, organized space!
Jimmy woke up early. As he ate breakfast, he read the note from him mom to mow the yard. It was already getting hot so he went into the garage for the mower. After gassing it up, he mowed the backyard quickly. He got to have a treat for finishing his chore.
Jason had a heart attack last month. It made him think a lot about life and its meaning. He contacted his family members one by one. He told them how much he loved them and how sorry he was. He felt better after that and found his health faster than expected.
Susie was getting rather thirsty. It was an incredibly hot day outside. She picked up a bottle of Gatorade. She drank a lot of it up. When she finished it up she was sad she had none left.
I put my dog in training school. He is learning a lot of new tricks. He can now sit and stand. They are very good teachers. He will be finished in 3 weeks.
When I was young I didn't have much money. I wanted to see the new spiderman movie. I decided to sneak in the movie theatre. I was successful sneaking inside the movie theatre. However, I felt guilty about doing it later on.
Denis took his vintage car out of the garage once a month. But that day it rained so he left it inside. He took his usual car to go grocery shopping instead. And when he came back, his garage door was open. The vintage car had been stolen while he was away.
Calvin found a new favorite treat. It was Greek yogurt with candy mixed in. He could eat it every day! It was healthy and delicious. He told all his friends about the great new food he'd discovered.
Wilma was obsessed with all things Disney. She was always told that she resembled Ariel from The Little Mermaid. Wilma decided to apply to work for Disney World. She was hired as an Aerial impersonator. Wilma absolutely loved her job.
Cole was leaving to go to work. He walked to his car. Cole noticed his car window was broken. Cole called the police department. He filled out a report and notified his insurance company.
We had our first family night. We got a bunch of board games. I cooked a lot of different foods. The kids were so excited for the night. We all had such a good time.
Tom and Jay were best friends. One day Tom got a new bike. Jay was sad that he didn't have one. Tom had an idea. He let Jay borrow the bike when he wanted because of friendship.
The rich man decided to go on a trip around the world. He spun a globe and stopped it with his finger. The rich man bought a plain ticket to that country. The ticket was so cheap that he bought all the tickets on that flight. He handed out tickets to all his friends so they could join him.
Delia was spending a week at her grandparents' house. Her grandparents wanted to take her to church Sunday morning. Delia frowned and told them she hadn't packed a dress. Delia's grandma pulled a package out from the hall closet. Delia was so happy to see her beautiful new church outfit.
Eric pulled up to his friend's house. He knocked on the door but heard no noise inside. He started walking back to his car when he heard a thud. It was coming from his neighbor's trunk. Eric opened it and saw a girl in the back tied up and gagged.
Last week I bought a new phone. I let my daughter play games on it. She dropped it on the hard floor. The touchscreen no longer worked. I had to take the phone in for repair.
Today my sister-in-law delivered three bags of books. I sell books online for family and friends. The books were from my niece's college book drive. I listed ten books. Within an hour I had sold one.
Stan wanted to play a prank on a colleague. He placed his colleague's stapler in jello. When his colleague arrived, he was upset. The colleague was upset as the stapler was a present. Stan felt bad so cleaned it up for him.
Andy liked listening to music while he worked. He was sick of everything, though. He tried to find new music, but couldn't find anything. Finally, he decided to give up. He worked in silence instead.
Mariana thought she was a great speller. She signed up for the school spelling bee. Mariana spent the next 3 months practicing all the words. The day of the bee, Mariana misspelled her first word. Mariana began to cry as her dream of winning the bee was crushed.
Susie was nervous to get her college application letter back. She applied to Yale and was nervous she would not get in. Thankfully the mail came early today. She ran to the mailbox. Susie got rejected and felt disappointed.
Tom was trying to park downtown. There were only tight spots available. Tom was never that good at parallel parking. He tried one spot for over a minute. Eventually he gave up and parked away from downtown.
Josie was a brilliant chess player. She asked Joe to play with her. He agreed and joined her at her table. To Josie's surprise Joe was also an amazing chess player and won. Josie gained a new appreciate for Joe and played him regularly after.
Timmy was excited for show and tell today. He had prepared all week. He woke up early and dressed up. He didn't realize there would be a school shooting that day. He never got to give his presentation.
All of Seamus's friends love to skateboard. Seamus has never been very good at it. He tried to learn for several months. Seamus made no progress. He decided that skateboarding wasn't for him.
We ordered subs the other day. My son drove down to pick them up. We ordered no ketchup on one sub. All of the subs had ketchup. My son yelled at the shop, and they delivered the right sub.
The Smiths were out on a date night. They were having fun up until they got a phone call. Their babysitter informed them that their kid fell. He was slightly injured but would be fine. The Smiths decided to continue their date.
Cal was troubleshooting an issue with his car. He thought maybe it just needed an oil change. Cal searched online for local auto shops until he found one. They didn't list the prices of their services on their page. Cal submitted a spam trap address to get a quote from them.
Gary was excited for a snow day. The news called for over a feet of snow. He didn't bother doing his homework. The next day it didn't snow. Gary got in trouble at school.
The kids were anxious for spring. The weather turned very nice one day in March. They went to the playground to take advantage of it. They had a lot of fun swinging and sliding. The playground was the best place to be when the weather was nice!
Garry wanted to be a great painter. He wasn't very good at painting though. He asked his mom to teach him. His mom helped him paint. Garry became a famous painter.
Jenna was itching to do something fun. She had been in her cubicle all week at work. She decided to go hiking this weekend. She drove an hour to the forest preserve. She hiked and camped the entire weekend there.
Mandy had a sharpener in her pencil bag. She was going to grab a pencil one day when she felt something. Pencil shavings had spilled out of the sharpener. The whole bag was filthy. Mandy had to wait until she was home to clean it all.
John was very late at work that morning. He still wanted coffee and brewed some at home. He drank his coffee too fast and burned his tongue. He hopped on his feet to help the pain. But as he did so, the coffee fell on him and he screamed.
Gina was looking for a place to be alone. She just wanted some peace and quiet. Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car. She waited till her siblings weren't around then got in the car. She lay on the back seat and watched videos on her phone.
Gina tried to play her clarinet with a split reed. At first it was no problem. Until the reed snagged her tongue. Gina realized she needed a new reed. Her mother was not happy to go to the music store.
Derek wanted to decorate his door. He got some stickers to put on it. He went over to his door to place the stickers.   When he placed one sticker, it stuck to his hand. He had to spend the whole day trying to remove the sticker.
Greg had a soccer game The day before the game, he got very sick He decided he would work with it and still play. He did not tell anyone. He ended up puking on the field
Rael was driving home alone one night. Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise. She checked and saw that her tire had gone flat! A passing stranger saw her distress and stopped. He helped ael get her spare tire on the car safely.
Charles likes selling, but sales jobs are the worst! The job he doesn't want is, the screener. The screener transfers the calls to closers who don't make the sale. Charles applied for a sales position in a tech firm a few days ago. At the interview today, he was told he'd start as a screener.
My Fiance and I are headed to Las Vegas to get hitched. We stop at the courthouse to obtain our marriage license. We then went to the Justice of the Peace to get married. We payed some bums off the street to become our witnesses. My Fiance and I then became husband and wife.
Bill was not having much success in life. He decided to review his life's actions objectively. He realized he did not consistently stick to a plan. His new life mantra became planning his work and working his plan. During the following year he actualized his hopes, plans, and dreams.
I just checked the mail. It was raining outside but I didn't wear a hat. My mailbox was stuffed with junk mail. Thinking quickly I used the junk mail to guard my hair from the rain. Afterwards I threw it right in the trash.
There was a young woman named Emma who loved roses. She loved roses so much that she bought them every day. One day Emma found the rarest of roses and it made her very excited. As she left the flower shop she noticed a woman crying. She gave the woman the rare rose and told her things would better.
Tom had just brushed his teeth. He was going to eat. A friend offered some orange juice. Tom forgot about his tooth brushing. It wound up tasting disgusting.
I used to go fishing a lot with the kid you lived across the street. One day we took his little brother with us. An hour or so went by before he got a bite. The fish then began to fight and dragged him into the water. He then let go of the pool and the fish swam of with it.
Sally bought a new dress. It fit her a bit tight. She figured she would just lose a couple of pounds. The dress stayed in her closet for a long time. Eventually she gave it to Goodwill.
Hank drove to town every Sunday to restock his pantry. On this rainy Sunday Hank lost control of his car on a bend. He crashed through a farm fence and ran into a haystack. Hank fell in love with a widow who lived there who came to his aid. They were eventually married in the same field as the accident.
Fred had to take his SAT test. He arrived at the testing room. Then, he chose a desk. The teacher gave him the test and a pencil. It took him two hours to finish.
In 2005 a truck clipped my bike. I was thrown off the bike and my wheel was twisted. I asked the driver for his license info and he was reluctant. A cop came by and said he had to provide it. I was unhurt and accepted $100 to fix my bike wheel.
Stacy had an obsession with breakfast cereal. To her delight, Cocoa Krispies were by one get one free at the store. She gleefully bought four boxes. It only took Stacy three midnight binge sessions to devour it all. She vowed to never eat Cocoa Krispies ever again.
Kirsten wrote some very important information on a scrap of paper. She slid it in her pocket and forgot about it. When she washed her clothes, she didn't take it out of her pocket. The scrap of paper was all washed out afterward. Kirsten didn't mind as she had already forgotten it was important.
Jason looked exactly like a famous comedian. I noticed this the first time we met. Surprisingly, he acted like him too. We went to see a movie together. Also surprisingly, it was the same actor he resembled.
Peter and his friends wanted to make candied apples for the fall. The got all the ingredients and started dipping the apples. When they were done the apples looked so delicious. They each took a bite. The taste was impeccable.
Mark was not good at baseball at all. For this reason he was always picked on. So he started training hard. And in the end was able to outplay all the guys. And so no one made fun of him again.
Jim was setting up a swingset for his daughter. He was having trouble assembling the parts. Jim pulled out the instructions. He tried putting the swingset back together. Jim was able to assemble the swing set in no time.
Ken went to prom with friends. Once there he noticed a cute girl was also alone. He went up and asked her to dance. She agreed to it. They danced all night and had fun.
Johnny loved playing baseball with his friends. So Johnny called all of his friends over to play a game of baseball. Johnny and all of his friends formed base ball teams. As johnny was up to bat the ball accidentally hit johnny in the head. Johnny was rushed to the hospital and treated for his injuries.
Troy was Europe. He wanted a better life in the Americas. He travelled there to work. He worked hard everyday. Now he makes a significant amount more money.
Opal had a favorite pair of earrings that she wore everyday. She always put them in her jewelry box after work. One morning, she could opened the box to find a new pair. Her husband had replaced her favorite earrings. Even though diamonds, Opal asked for her other earrings back.
Jason decides it has been too long since he has taken a vacation. He decides to visit his cousin in California. When he arrives there, they go on a few hikes. Jason enjoys his vacation in California. He is glad that he got to take a vacation.
Joe was feeling depressed. He went to his psychiatrist. His psychiatrist prescribed him medication for his depression. The medication did not help. Joe was able to cure his depression with exercise and a healthy diet.
I wanted to check out one of the new superhero movies. Movies based on comic books are supposed to be great now. I picked one at random and checked it out with some friends. We all felt that it was a generic action movie and nothing special. I will be unlikely to see another comic book movie in theaters.
I was in a hurry this morning. I had to skip breakfast and put clothes on fast. Even with rushing I barely made it to work on time. It wasn't until I sat down and talked to someone that I noticed. I was in such a hurry that I forgot to wear matching socks.
The first day I was so anxious I forgot my backpack. I didn't know what to expect from High School. I was sweating so hard because I didn't have any new clothes. I went to first period and saw my old teacher. She reassured me everything would be okay, so I made it through the day.
The mom bought a birthday cake from the store. It was her daughter's birthday party tonight. As she was retrieving the cake from the car it spilled on the ground. She rushed back to the grocery store. The baker was able to design a cake in a matter of minutes.
Little Kayla woke up in the middle of the night. She kept hearing a scratching noise on the floor. Little Kayla jumped out of bed. She ran into her aunt's room. Aunt Becky let Kayla crawl into bed with her.
Jim, Tom, and Sally decided to form a study group. One day, they all went to Jim's house. They started to study. But they decided to take a break. They ended up playing video games the whole day.
The engineer at the power plant watched the monitors intently. A system failure was taking place in sector 7. Fixing the failure meant shutting down everything. He never got to do something so influential. As he shut down the plant, he thought that's how God felt.
Paul's leg was in severe pain. He had a doctor look at it. The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation. Paul woke up from the surgery and seen his foot had been amputated. He became chronically depressed because of the amputation.
Gina awoke on the couch to the sounds of her siblings playing. They were loud and no one was making them be quiet. Gina stood up and yelled at the kids. Her mother came in the room and reprimanded her. Gina was shocked and confused as to why she was the one in trouble.
Mary adopted a puppy. She named the puppy Harvey. Harvey ran away that same day. Mary spent all night searching for Harvey. The next morning she found Harvey hiding under her bed.
Sam bought a used Ford for not a lot of money. He started having problems with his transmission almost immediately. Sam took the car back to the dealer to diagnose the problem. They said Ford was recalling the transmission on his model of car. Sam was very angry and vowed never to buy a Ford again.
Sam wanted a dog. He had asked his mother and father for one and they said yes. Sam went to the animal shelter to look for a dog. He found a cute new puppy and took the dog home. Sam named the dog Rufus.
Kim tried to pass a note to John. It was about Lisa's surprise party. But the teacher caught Kim and read the note. And Lisa's surprise party was ruined. Kim decided to never pass notes again.
Tom often shared drinks with his roommates. One of them got sick. He forgot to tell everyone else about it. Tom still shared a drink with him. Tom wound up getting sick as well.
I opened up the door to the church. I felt like I was drifting as I walked down the aisle. To my right and to my left I could only see a blur of people. I looked at him as he reached for my hand. He was my husband now.
Tori was happy to be at the campfire with her friends. The girls grabbed sticks and started roasting marshmallows. The marshmallows looked amazing on the stick and crispy. The girls took them off and put them between chocolate and crackers. The girls were happy to taste their s'mores.
Tim lived alone with his mother. She was a smoker. She would often fall asleep while smoking. Tim would have to make sure to put her cigarettes out. One time he forgot to.
Kelly loved wearing her favorite jeans. She wore them everywhere. Yet yesterday she felt a surprise. Her jeans had torn! She was disappointed but sewed it together.
Laura and I went on a date to see a movie. We did a special deal at the theater for cheap. When we got into the movie Laura dropped her soda! The movie was already started but I went and got another for her. She was very grateful, unfortunately the movie wasn't good.
Timmy did not like stew. It was boring and didn't taste good to him. His mom begged him to eat the stew that she made for him. Timmy refused wanting pizza instead. Timmy went to bed hungry that day.
I was placing an order for dinner. The order was supposed to be picked up at 5:40. However, the restaurant kept me on hold for a while. When I finally got a hold of someone, twenty minutes had passed. After placing the order, the estimated time was 6:00.
Tom was trying to watch a movie. It kept freezing. Tom figured his internet connection was bad. He fiddled with the wireless router. Tom was able to fix the problem.
I went to my first concert today. Mom took me to see my favorite band. There were so many people, it was exciting! The band played my favorite song. I had so much fun at the concert.
Julia had done very well in school one year. Her mom had promised to take her to New York if she did good. Julia was so excited to go on the trip with her mom. They saw many cool sites and a great play too. Julia swore to do better in school more often.
Jayden is driving home from work. She hears a loud noise from her hood. She decides to pull over and investigate. She pops the hood and amazed by smoke flying in her face. Her engine appears to be blown.
Katie wanted a new dress. She did not have money for one. She decided to buy one anyway. When Katie checked her checking account, she had overdrawn it. Katie did not know what to do.
Caroline recently got her nails done. They were the prettiest pink and very much perfect. Yet when she went to the garden she saw they were chipped. Carolina let out a sigh. She was going to have to paint her nails over again.
We all went to the China buffet one day. Everyone went inside and ate tons of delicious food. When we left, we noticed a big crowd next door. The library was having a giant book sale. We all ended up with lots of books, it was the best day ever.
My mother had a black eye. She told me she fell. Really my father hit her. It made me mad and scared. I told my friends mother who helped me.
Steve went a baseball game. He was sitting in right field. One of the players hit a homerun over the fence. Steve caught the ball. Steve gave the ball to a kid sitting nearby.
I had a big meeting on Friday. I went to bed early and set my alarm for early the next morning. I woke up late the next morning. My alarm clock had broken in the night. I was still late for the big meeting.
Ella was taking a cooking class. She really didn't like the class. Ella burned all her food. Ella eventually quit the class. She continued to order take out.
My friend and I were arguing about something. He liked one flavor of donuts, and he did not. I thought of how inconceivable it was that someone didn't agree. I realized that what's good for me might not be good for someone else. In the end, we forgot what we were fighting about.
The city of Connellsville experienced a bad flood. The flood destroyed many houses. The flood also destroyed many businesses. The streets were completely flooded. The flood has a horrible impact on the city of Connellsville.
Lyn started to feel bad. She took her temperature and it was over 100. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told her she had the flu. Lyn was in bed for over a week.
Erin is the boss at work. She has a crush on her employee, Barry. She knows that dating Barry is inappropriate. Erin has to keep a professional distance when talking to Barry. She is very sad that she cannot be honest with Barry.
My roommate was not good at managing time in the mornings. He snoozed his alarm five times. I was already awake. I got out of bed. I made my roommate breakfast.
Amy was convinced she was going to catch a giant fish. She was going fishing for the first time since she was a kid. She had bought a new rod and reel. She got a bit on her first cast! She ended up with five bluegill!
Shawn was given an assignment to write a short story for his class. He had writers block all day. He got a idea and started writing. He wrote all night and was proud of his story. It got a F.
Doug had two buddies. They asked him if he was going to hang out with them. He said sure. They went to a local store. They bought spray paint to do graffiti.
A man put on a top hat and found a stick. He shouted to the neighbors that he was a one man circus. A few people heard his call and came over to watch. The one man circus did some acrobatics and sword swallowing. The neighbors threw him money for his great talents.
Jill was planning a night out with her boyfriend. The two were set to head to a baseball game. The two enjoyed the baseball game. The home team won the game and they shot off fireworks. Jill's eyes lit up at the sight of the fireworks.
After Mike had lived in his house for a few Year's, tragedy struck. A large earthquake struck Mike's city, destroying his apartment. Mike was left homeless and had no money to move. He called his parents and asked if he could move in with them. Miek packed his bags and then had to move in with his parents.
Jacob works at a convenience store. He has a long line. Jacob thought the line would never end. He finally made it to the last customer. The customer paid for their drink and left.
Steven went to school early in the morning. He was very tired. The teacher began to teach the class. Steven fell asleep and began snoring loudly. Everyone laughed so loudly that it woke him up.
I always hated jam on bread. Everyone told me to try it. I always refused. One day I finally tried it. It was the best taste in the world.
At work we ran out of gravy mix. I had to make gravy from scratch. I had never made gravy from scratch so I looked up a recipe. I followed the recipe as best as I could. However, I ended up burning the gravy.
Marshall was nervous about the big test. He studied everyday for 4 hours. He got so nervous that he had a panic attack. His friends told him he was smart. That gave him confidence and he passed the test.
Every spring Sue's school holds a dance. Grady asked Sue to go to the dance with him this year. They went to a picture party before the dance. They ate dinner and then danced together many times. Sue smiled as Grady kissed her on the cheek after the last song.
Tom worked on a farm. They had several cows. One always escaped from the area. It didn't go far or get in trouble. So Tom just let hit keep escaping.
Mike was bored after work. He drove down the video store and rented a movie. After watching it, mike forgot to return it. A week passed before Mike finally noticed the movie. Mike grabbed the movie and rushed it back to the store.
Millie got up early because she had a lot of cleaning to do. Millie vacuumed the floor. Then she dusted all the furniture, woodwork, and pictures. Millie cleaned the bathrooms, which is never fun. She sat down when finished to rest.
Joy's favorite family activity every fall was a trip to the orchard. The family would drive three hours to the mountains to get there. Once they arrived, they would walk through the trees with baskets. They would carefully look at every apple before selecting it. They would take home enough apples to last a month!
For his party, Jim was baking brownies for his guests. He added some green food dye to make them more unique. The brownies just turned into an ugly green-brown color. All his guests were unsure if they should eat them. Jim ate five in a row to prove that they were still good to eat.
Jane was never very flexible. She decided to change that. Jane started doing yoga. It was slow and hard. Eventually she became more flexible.
Janice was looking forward to going to the park today. Her dog had been wanting to see the other dogs! Janice woke up to the sound of rain hitting her window. She sat up and couldn't believe it! It wasn't supposed to rainy at all this week!
Lucy was looking at a handbag. She wanted to buy it. So she went and asked for the price. It was one thousand. So she decided it was too expensive and she put it back.
It was my father's birthday. We made plans to take him out for a steak. He doesn't like leaving the house much. We finally talked him into going with us. He greatly enjoyed his steak that day.
Finally the last day of highschool had arrived. We rehearsed the ceremony in the morning, it was rather windy. When the time had come I went to school with my cap and gown. We sat outside and it was still rather windy. When it was my turn to walk, the wind blew my cap away!
Josh had a baby sitter who he thought was really cute. Her name was Amy and she was quite a bit older. One day her boyfriend Ryan was at her house across the street. Josh decided to hit rocks at his car with a plastic bat. Ryan saw him and he had to apologize and was grounded for weeks.
Barry had a beautiful house. One day he noticed a small crack in the front of his driveway. Barry bought some cement repair liquid at the store. When he applied the product it only got worse. Barry had to return the liquid and find another.
My family took our dog to a humane society fundraising picnic. We decided to eat hot dogs there for our lunch. As the lady handed me the first hot dog, my dog stole it. The lady replaced it and my dog stole the second one too. Finally, after my dog stole the third hot dog, we gave up on lunch.
Kate was very bored at work. A friend sent an email link to an article. She needed to focus on her job. But decided she would take 20 minutes to read the article. Two hours later she was still reading article after article.
My friend Sal is 99. I met him on the bench today. Sal said he was feeling more tired than usual. I refrained from saying maybe it was he was 99. I just said he'll probably feel better soon.
The boy wasn't speaking. He had just turned two, but never said a word. His mother was getting worried. She took him to see a doctor. He told her the child would speak when he was ready.
Sally was so excited because today was the day the package would come. She had ordered a gift for her mother online. The mailman came to the door and dropped off the package. Sally opened the package up and gave it to her mother. Her mother loved the gift and thanked Sally.
Joey ran out of napkins. He needed some cause he was inviting his friends later. Joey went to the grocery store to get some napkins. Joey found the best ones and bought them. Joey now had napkins and was waiting for his friend.
Glen headed to the store with a grocery list for Thanksgiving dinner. When he got to the turkeys, they only had frozen ones left! It was Wednesday, no time to thaw a whole turkey overnight. Glen grabbed the last three Cornish game hens for sale in the case. Thanksgiving would be saved after all.
Ice cream is my number one favorite. One time i decided to buy some ice cream. But it's raining outside so i decided to make on my own. I tried making chocolate ice cream and it was delicious. From that day i always make homemade ice cream instead of buying.
John really enjoyed playing his trombone, and was pretty good at it. He decided to enter  a music competition. He picked a piece of music to play and practiced hard for weeks. On the big day, he was nervous but played well for the judges. They loved his song and John was very proud of himself.
Anna looked at the coffee machine. The coffee was brewing in the pot. The coffee finished brewing. Anna got a coffee mug. She poured coffee into the mug.
Carlos mom wanted a ipad for Christmas. So Carlos ordered a brand new white ipad for her. It arrived a week before Christmas. He wrapped it up. During Christmas he gave her the ipad and she loved it.
Kaley asked for a sewing machine for her birthday. When the day came, she opened all her presents. They were nice, but there was no sewing machine. Then, her mother came out with one last present. Kaley got the sewing machine she had been hoping for!
Rashid had a brother who wanted to join Isis. Rashid was very worried and called the police. The police showed up at Rashid's door. They interrogated Rashid's brother. The brother said Isis meant Institute of Science in Schools.
Diana tried to throw the ball to Jim. It touched a hornet's nest and the nest fell. Eventually, several hornets came out. Jim had to run since the hornets were chasing him. He managed to hide inside his house until they left.
Samantha is a computer programmer. One afternoon, Samantha decided to program a new application. Samantha worked on her application for two weeks. Finally, Samantha finished the application and listed it for sale. The application was a success!
Anne was visiting Lancaster New York. She took a trolley through its historic downtown. There, she shopped at its small boutique stores. She bought many wonderful things. Anne loved shopping in Lancaster!
David and Saul awoke early one morning. The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat. The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea. When they arrived at the site the men began to fish. They returned home that night with the largest fish ever caught.
Noah put some burgers on the grill. Then he started chatting with his friends. He forgot to flip and tend the burgers. By the time he remembered, it was much too late. The burgers were charred almost black!
Charles and Renee have been together for five years. One day he took her to a city out of the country. Renee was so happy he took her to her favorite city. He proposed to her under the city lights. She said yes!
Holmberg hosted a radio show every day. He loved to do his radio show every morning. However, not many people listened to his show. Holmberg was running out of money! Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job.
The tank rolled to the top of the hill that overlooked the town. The captain saw movement down below in one of the streets. He ordered to load the guns and await his orders. The soldier did as he said and they waited. As soon as they saw movement again, the captain ordered to fire.
My neighbor Steve went out for a walk today. He told me he had cellulitis of the foot. I asked him how it was being treated. He said he was taking antibiotics. I wished him good luck.
Adam was on his way to Florida. He was driving through Texas in the middle of December. It was three in the morning when he saw the lights behind him flash. The blue and red lit up his car as he pulled over. The cop gave him a ticket for going two miles over the speed limit.
Sam wanted to eat spicy sushi. Sam started off eating some mild sushi. He moved on to some of the spicier samples. He finally tried the hottest piece of sushi. Sam dunked his face into a bucket of water trying to cool off.
Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles. Despite this, she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive. The nurse prepped her arm and told her to relax. The second the needle went in, Kathy fainted and hit the floor. Since then, she has chosen to donate money instead.
My granddaughter was 8 months old when she crawled. Her great grandmother was watching her in Brooklyn. She speaks Spanish. She was singing to the baby when she crawled over. We were very pleased.
Lucy dreamed to fly over the ocean. She took a plane but couldn't feel the wind and was disappointed. She decided to go to the beach and try to do some parasailing. Five hundred feet above the ocean, she felt the wind. She was very happy and spread her arms very wide.
Mavis was making ornamental jewelry. Her sister stopped by to see how her job hunt was coming along. Mavis said she was fine just making jewelry. Her sister told her that wasn't a real job and she was a loser. Mavis cried and told her sister to leave her house.
Tom was a hard worker for his employer. He would sit for 12 hours a day. He felt pain in his back after prolonged sitting. He asked his boss if he could use a stand-up desk. His boss complied and Tom never felt back pain again.
It was Easter. Ruby was putting a basket together for her son. She put some grass in it. Then, she put toys and candy inside. Finally, she wrapped it in plastic.
Andrew realizes he has never been to his local park. He puts on his running shoes and walks over to the park. At the park he sees many other people walking and running. He decides to visit the park more often. Andrew is happy that he has visited his local park.
Kelly walked into English class. When she walked into the class she found out something. Her teacher announced a pop quiz. To her disappointment she was unprepared. When Kelly got the quiz she left it blank.
Jane was really into politics. She decided to start talking about them on her Facebook. Some of the things she posted were controversial. It caused a lot of her friends to argue. Eventually Jane decided to stop talking politics publicly.
I bought a new sweatshirt. It felt great and comfortable. After putting it in the dryer the sweatshirt felt stiff. I could hardly walk in it. I eventually gave the sweatshirt to goodwill.
Mary needed to find a dress to wear to her high school prom. She went to many stores and couldn't find a dress she liked. Finally, she found a blue dress that looked very pretty. On prom night, everyone commented on how lovely her dress looked. Mary felt happy that she had such a nice dress.
Theresa liked working out. Yoga was her favorite. She practiced it every day. One day, she was practicing a new move. She fell right on her face!
Tammy was pregnant. She was talking with her doctor about various concerns. Then, her doctor let her know that cat litter wasn't safe for her. She went home and told her husband, but he didn't believe her. They looked it up and finally he agreed to take over that chore.
I decided to try my hand at Forex trading. I put fifty dollars in an OTC account. I decided to leverage the fifty dollars against the Japanese Yen. Alas, I lost all of my money. I realized that Forex trading was too risky for me.
The kid put on a funny hat. He made a silly face at a girl. The girl thought he looked silly. She laughed at his antics. The boy bowed in appreciation of the laugh.
Jane needed extra money. She decided to walk dogs for extra cash. Her second day things got too intense. One of her walking dogs ran away. Jane lost her job.
Gina's brother was yelling loudly at her. He wanted her to leave his room. She stood her ground and relayed her message. Suddenly he pushed her really hard. Gina stumbled backwards, and hit a dresser.
The students were working on a lab assignment. I partnered up with Nancy. While she was preparing chemicals, she mixed a few. Since it was the wrong mixture, a fire occurred. Everyone had to evacuate the building since the fire expanded.
Tom was with his friends. Tom's friends asked him to smoke. Tom had learned to say no to drugs. Tom said he didn't want to smoke. He went home and left his bad friends.
Michiko heard a strange rustling near her feet at the park. She was terrified it might be a snake! She stood still, frozen in fear. Finally, the creature popped its head out of the grass. It was just a bunny!
Alex had wanted a pet dog for her whole life. One Christmas, her family told her they had a surprise for her. Her parents opened the door to their room. Inside the room was a puppy! Alex was happy to have a dog of her very own.
Tom found a new show on Netflix. He got hooked from the first episode. There were several seasons available. Tom binge watched as much as possible the first night. He finished up the next day.
Kelly's friend brought over a Ouija board. They were excited to play with it, but her mom didn't like it. They waited until her mom was gone and started to play. Kelly's little brother snuck up on them and scared them badly. After that, they decided to put it away and play something else.
I said I hated disco music. As retribution, my husband began playing it on youtube. I tried to get chores done around the house as the music blasted. After a few hours, I found myself singing and dancing along. I turned around to see my husband laughing at my antics.
Josh was going to the rodeo. He did not have any boots. He did not want to be made fun of by his friends. He finally bought some boots. He now loves cowboy boots.
My mom was washing the dishes. A leak near the sink began to form. A few seconds later, the pipe beneath the sink bursted. Water flew everywhere on the ground. My mom had to call the plumber to fix the pipe.
I love my cat very much. One day, she started sniffling and sneezing. I didn't have any money to pay for a vet appointment. The vet's office offered me a payment plan. My cat got the antibiotics she needed.
My girlfriend did not like the look of her old bathroom sink. Looking for a better sink, she spent a couple of hours at the store. She found a modern sink with a single faucet that she really liked. It cost her a hundred dollars to get the new sink installed. Now she would like to upgrade the rest of the bathroom to match it!
Tom's house had an old well. They tried to cover it up. Unfortunately one day it rained a lot. The well partially collapsed. Tom had to get it professionally filled.
Some person was banging on the door. Brett grew scared since it was late at night. His dad yelled at him and threatened him to open the door. Although his legs were trembling, Brett quickly opened the door. His uncle surprisingly came over to take a watch that he left.
Joan went to her weekly yoga class at 9 am. There were a few new students in class. Joan introduced herself and helped show them the ropes. The new students were grateful and invited her to lunch. Joan was happy that she reached out to strangers.
Sam asked if she can borrow $20 dollars from me. She promised that she will pay my back. After several days, I asked if she has the money. She replied by saying no. I saw her handing $20 to another person that she owed money to.
Bill went to class every day. Bill had weird designs on his socks. All of the kids laughed at bill. One day Bill painted his socks a solid color. No one ever laughed at Bill again.
Ashley just moved out of her parents house. She is on her own for the first time. She figured out real quick how expensive life can be. She had to pay for tv, the internet, and her phone. She regretted moving out of her mom's house at such a young age.
Morgan's parents were very strict. They made very strict rules to their son Morgan. Morgan was fed up with this nonsense. So Morgan ran away but was found. His parents learned to be more lax with Morgan.
May saw her older sister steal $20 from their mom's purse one night. She wondered why - her sister Toni was not a thief! In the end she confronted Toni. Toni told May to mind her own business and keep her mouth shut. After that, May knew she had to tell her mom.
Peter wanted badly to be a writer. He read many books on writing to perfect his craft. He took a college course on writing taught by a well-known author. He worked hard on several short stories. Eventually, Peter got a story published in a respected magazine!
Todd found Maria at the party. He tried to say hi to her. However, she insulted him and pretended that they were strangers. Todd stopped talking to Maria after that day. She tried contacting him several times but he never responded.
Gary owned a bakery. He was known for his amazing donuts. He made dozens of them every morning. They always sold out by ten in the morning. Jade got there at eleven and was so disappointed!
Tom wanted Diana to stay home Friday night to hang out. She told him that she couldn't since she has a business meeting. However, Tom threatened to beat her up if she went. When he went to the bathroom, she ran away. A few minutes later, she called the cops to arrest him.
Tom had to take the bus to school. One day the bus broke down. Tom and the other kids were late. Everyone got their tardy marks removed except Tom. Tom felt singled out.
Phil was hired by Pat to install drapes in his house. The drapes that Phil brought were too long. Pat said that the drapes will not do and to take them back. Phil cut the drapes with a pair of scissors to fix them. Pat looked them over again and said they were now fine.
I woke up while shivering from the cold weather. It was hard to focus in class today since I was freezing. I tried to write however, my hands were too cold. As soon as I got home, I decided to take a hot shower. My body was warm afterwards.
Bob was at the beach. He spent the entire day building a giant sand castle. He decided to snap a picture of his creation. As he was about to take a picture, a wave hit his castle. Bob was a second late, and missed his opportunity for a photo.
The bathroom cleaner waited until I got out of the bathroom. She tried to talk to me in spanish. Since I didn't understand what she was saying, I couldn't reply. She became mad and started to yell at me. I simply walked away.
Clara was on the bus on her way home. She suddenly spotted someone familiar on the street. The bus passed the familiar person and Clara got a good look. Clara still could not remember exactly who that person was. Clara got off at her bus stop and had nothing but a vague remembrance.
Tina had to take her daughters to school. She had to leave early because work was early. She dropped them off an hour early. When the kids got there no one was there. They felt lonely.
Iris had a job interview for a new position. She was quite nervous. She had no idea how it would work out. She went in shaking. Luckily when she walked out she got the job.
Joe was learning to drive. However every time he tried, he crashed. He thought he would never learn. He practiced as hard as he could. He ended up passing his driving test with flying colors.
Spence has always been grossed out by seafood. He and his friends took a trip to the coast. They went to one of the best seafood restaurants. He decided to try clams. He loved them!
Once there was a mom who was practicing Karate. She went to class a few times each week. She worked so hard she was able to earn her yellow belt. Once she had her yellow belt she got to brag to her children. Doing Karate made her happy and strong!
Elaine went to school to be a hairdresser. After she graduated, she took the state cosmetology exam. She was discouraged because she failed the first time. After more practice, she finally passed the exam. She now works at her dream job in a salon.
Tom was having a small party. He only wanted close friends there. A friend decided to take a date. It was awkward and Tom didn't appreciate it. The date felt rightfully unwelcomed.
John decided that he wanted to raise and sell rabbits. He bought a male and two females. He gave them lots of love and attention. Soon they were producing lots of babies. John had so many rabbits now that he can't give them away.
Tom decided to buy a farm. He moved out of the city and to the countryside. He really wanted to buy some chickens. He went into the market to buy some. He bought twenty chickens and brought them back to the farm.
I came to school drowsy since I spent all night studying for exams. After taking the exams, I decided to get together with a few friends. We decided to hang out around campus before going home. After the school closed, I said goodbye to everyone. We took our phone numbers down to arrange another meet up.
A long time ago I wanted to be in a relationship. I dated Doug then changed my mind. I lowered my expectations because I thought that's what couples did. Doug took my heart and played it for nothing. I'm no longer with Doug because he made me feel less than I was worth.
Michelle loved many instruments. Her favorite instrument however, was the drum. She always dreamed that she got to own drums. After her birthday, Michelle had enough money. Finally, Michelle was able to purchase her own drums.
Fred went on a hike by himself. Halfway through the hike, he saw a moose. The moose started walking towards him. Terrified, Fred sprinted back. He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods.
Jon hated to read. He was assigned a book report. He decided to look up the book summary online. He wrote a report based on the summary. The teacher figured this out and gave him a failing grade.
A girl named Julie in pigtails asked the vendor for cotton candy. He handed her the cotton candy. Julie handed him some pretend plastic coins. The man smiled, and gave her a dime back for change. Julie skipped away happily, and the man smiled.
I needed to buy groceries. I didn't know what I needed. I sat down and worked on a list. After looking at ads, I finished a nice list. The next day, I used the list to buy groceries.
John wanted to do well in school. He was struggling. He hired a tutor. The tutor helped him. His grades improved.
Tami was waiting for the results of volleyball tryouts. She and 10 other 8th graders hoped to play for their high school. She called the coach to find out if she made it. She sat with her fingers crossed as the phone rang, and rang. She hung up when the voicemail picked up.
A sign went up next to the town hall. People drove by and saw that there would be a meeting. That night the hall was filled with people. The mayor silenced the crowd with a wave of his hand. He told them that he was stepping down as mayor.
Patti was the prettiest girl in school. She was also mean, and teased the new girl, June, over her acne. June was kind and tried to be friendly, but Patti kept teasing her. One day, Patti had a car accident and got a big scar across her face. Everybody shunned her except June, whose skin was now clearing.
The home football team was down a touchdown. There was only a few seconds left on the clock. The team was buried deep in their own backfield. The coach called a last minute play. The hail mary pass was caught, and the home team won.
Suzy is going to painting class today. She has always loved art and wants to learn more. Suzy's Mom bought her new brushes and an apron for class. Suzy listened to everything the teacher had to say. Suzy brought home a painting she made for her Mom.
Mike has noticed that his shoes are becoming more loose today. He had wanted to tighten his shoelaces, but he is too lazy. Finally, when he almost trips on his shoes, he tightens the laces. Now his feet feel much better. Mike is happy that he has tightened his shoelaces.
A requester once made me write a story. He requested I do so for payment. I proceeded to write the best story of all time. It included dragons and other mythical beasts. So the requester decided to give me a bonus.
Miles ran track for his school's team. He practiced more than anyone else on the team. He even practiced on weekends. Unfortunately, this did not give his muscles any time to rest. Eventually he hurt himself because he did not take time to rest.
Our agency had a new IT director in 1995. He was politically connected. One day his staff had to fix his computer. They found porn on his hard drive. He was fired right away, despite his connections.
Jorge realized his closet was overflowing. He decided to clean it out and throw away anything he wasn't using. He kept digging and finding more stuff he forgot about. The throw away pile became huge. In the end, Jorge's closet ended up looking almost empty!
Hilly's son Matt was riding bikes. Suddenly, he fell. His arm was hurt. His mom took him to the doctor. Then, he got some stitches.
Four friends attended a birthday party. One of the friends, Jake, drank too much and became sick. He was so sick that he had to leave the party. None of the other three friends wanted to drive him home. They drew straws and one friend, Bob, had to drive him home.
Anna had just found out she was pregnant. She hoped for a girl. But he husband wanted a boy. Anna ended up having fraternal twins. Both Anna and her husband were happy.
Tim went to the zoo. Tim saw many apes. Tim loved the way the apes seemed to laugh occasionally. Tim made gestures to make the apes laugh. Tim had fun with the apes.
Last month, I received an email message on my work account. The email said to click on the enclosed link for an update. I clicked it and a file started to download onto my computer. Then I was suddenly locked out of my computer. I was helpless as my files were stolen in the phishing scam.
Sam made a turkey sandwich. Just after he made it, he got a phone call. He laid his sandwich down and walked to the other room. When he came back, his sandwich was gone. His dog had eaten his sandwich.
I woke up this morning and decided to take a walk. I chose to go the beach since it was so close. As I walked out my door I realized it was pouring rain. But the decision was made and I went anyway. I turned around and went home 5 minutes later, soaked.
Tom rented what he thought was an action movie. He let his kids watch it alone. Tom had accidentally gotten a scary movie. His kids were freaked out by it. Tom had to stop playing it mid way.
Betsy knew the exam was coming up soon. She needed a good grade on it. Betsy studied hard every night up until the test. She took the test. Betsy knew she aced it.
Tommy loved Christmas. He woke up Christmas morning smiling and laughing. There were tons of presents under the tree. He opened all of them with a huge grin on his face. Tommy had a wonderful Christmas.
Kirk put some tunes on. He stood in front of his mirror. Kirk started to dance. Just then, his dad opened the door. His dad laughed while he joined in.
Jim was really hungry. But he only wanted to eat pasta. So he searched for an Italian restaurant. But it was over 10 miles away. Halfway there, he decided to just get a hamburger.
Kelly was always picked on as a kid. Everyone called her ugly and names. When Kelly turned 14 and hit puberty everything changed. She turned into a beautiful young woman. No-one told anything mean to kelly anymore.
Anna needed a new couch. Her old one was ragged and ripped. She went to the department store and browsed. Then she found the perfect couch! She had it shipped to her home right away.
The delivery man delivered a small package. I found out that it was my meal prep package. I opened it and started to prepare one of the dishes. The food was fresh and contained several ingredients. After cooking it, it had a good smell and taste.
Donna bought a car last week. The car broke down in the middle of the street. She had the car towed to the mechanic. The mechanic informed her that her car is totaled. She is convinced she purchased a lemon.
This morning I was pouring a cup of coffee. The mug slipped out of my hand. It shattered on the ground. I swept up the pieces. Then I made a new cup of coffee.
Johnny's first grade class went to the pumpkin patch. They each got to pick out a pumpkin. The only rule was they had to be able to carry it. Johnny found his perfect pumpkin but couldn't pick it up. He was very frustrated when he had to select a smaller one.
Horace was mystified. He was traveling in Alaska and he saw an amazing igloo! He crept over to it to see how it had been made. He found a Native Alaskan inside. The man showed him around and answered his questions.
Billy noticed he had trouble reading the chalkboard in class. He moved towards the front and he could read it perfectly. He then visited an eye doctor to ask about this. The doctor diagnosed him with myopia or nearsightedness. John bought glasses and could see perfectly from then on.
The teacher gave Christian a homework assignment to bake a cake. Christian came home and told his mom about the assignment. His mom took him to the store to get the ingredients. When they got back from the store, his mom helped him bake the cake. Christian took the cake to school and everyone enjoyed it.
Robbie wanted a pet cat. His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one. Robbie looked at all of the cats in the cages. Finally, he chose a black and grey cat. Robbie and his parents took the new pet cat home.
Me and my friends went to the park after class. We decided to go home because it's already getting late. When i got home i noticed my school is missing. I asked my friends if they saw but they did not. I went back to the park and luckily i found it.
Thomas bought a train set. His father helped him set it up in the garage. They ran the train around the track for a few minutes. Thomas thought that it was pretty boring. He gave the train set to his neighbor the next day.
Stan worked in a diner in the kitchen. He prepped all the food in the diner. He often would eat the food while he prepped it. One day the manager caught him eating the food. The manager fired Stan.
Garrett wanted to be a great basketball player. He practice every day to hone his skills. Overcoming hard work made him unstoppable. He helped win game after game. Garrett stood victorious with his championship trophy.
Barry started a new job. He was afraid he wouldn't make any friends. Barry met a lot of new people. He felt he might be able to make friends. Barry was invited for drinks after work.
Rodger went down to the bowling alley to bowl for his first time. Rodger did not think he would do very well. Rodger bowled better than anyone at the bowling alley. He decided to join the bowling team. The bowling team made Rodger team captain.
Alice wanted to raise chickens in her backyard. Alice looked into the laws for chickens in her area. Alice was contacted by the city through mail. Alice was told that she could not have chickens in her backyard. Alice was very heartbroken about the scenario.
Andrew has been to many Lakers games. But he has never been to one during the playoffs. That is about to change because he was invited by his friend to one. Andrew was excited and was waiting for his friend to pick him up. His friend picked him up and they drove to watch the Lakers.
Jordan took her friends out for mini golf. They were slowly going through the course. Soon, they were really bored. They decided to play hide and seek in the course. Soon an attendant noticed and kicked them out.
Lou liked to feed stray animals. He fed a cat out in front of his house. The cat kept coming back on a daily basis. Lou decided to take the cat in as his pet. The cat has been Lou's best companion since.
Kim's grandfather sent a box of gifts for Christmas. She opened all the gifts he sent. The last one was soft. She was afraid it would be clothes. She was pleasantly surprised to find a pink pig robe.
Glen took a fishing net down to the river. He wanted to try to catch some fish for dinner. At the river, Glen slipped and fell into the mud. He lost his net and he was covered in stinky mud. The next time Glen went fishing he took a fishing pole.
Allie loved bracelets. She decided to make one. She then gave it to her friend. Her friend loved it. Then she made one for herself.
Mimi and Bill met in high school. They both loved dancing and would often go out together. After a short time they fell in love and got married. On their wedding day they danced for hours. Even after 50 years they still dance every week.
Sue was going to the aquarium with her mother. On the way there she asked if they could stop and get a drink. Her mother said only if she had eaten her lunch. Sue threw a fit because she had in fact not eaten her lunch. Her mother turned around and went home because Sue was being bad.
Cole had just woken up and wanted to take a bath. He went into his room to get his towel. Much to his dismay, the towel was gone. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Finally, Cole found his towel in the dryer.
Jake made a ham sandwich. He laid it down on the table to go upstairs. When he came back down, the sandwich was gone. He looked around and couldn't find it. His dog had eaten it.
Ruth was on the phone with her crush. They were making small talk about school. Soon the conversation became deeper and closer. Ruth ended up talking to him for ours as she laid in bed. Before they knew it the sun rose and they had talked all night.
Guillermo and Claudia went camping. They were warned of possible bears. They took a risk and went into that area. And they saw one very large one. They took no time getting out of there completely.
Sara decided to play softball. She wanted to be the pitcher. She decided to take pitching lessons. Her skills improved. She made the position of pitcher.
Julie's dog was always cold. She gave her a dog sweater. The dog loved it! She could run around outside in the cold. Julie liked to see her dog happy.
Mark was in the bathroom when he began smelling smoke. He left the bathroom to check what it was. His roommate started a kitchen fire! Mark ran to the faucet to fill a bucket with water. Luckily, Mark was able to put out the fire.
Clark makes a bet with his friend Tom The bet is to see if Clark can stay awake all night It's around 3 am and clark pinches himself to stay awake He has to make it to 8 am to win the bet and has a cup of coffee. The coffee kept him up all night and he won the bet.
Smelling Indian food as I walked home made me want some. I researched Indian flavored foods in my kitchen cookbook. I wrote a list of all the ingredients I needed to make my dish. I wenting shopping at the Indian Food store on First and Third Roads. I prepared the dish perfectly and satisfied my food cravings.
I tried various methods to control my anxiety. But none of them worked. I finally tried walking though. And after several hours, I was in a better mood. So I decided to walk more often.
Jim painted switch plate with pictures. He wanted to sell them to make extra money. He set up an account online. Jim sold a hundred plate on the first day. He was very encouraged by his work.
The boy got lost. He called to his mom. His mom could not hear him. He ran into a man. The man brought the boy to his mom.
Tyler's dad took him to a baseball game. His dad was excited to do this with his son. However Tyler only cared about one thing. He wanted to try those hotdogs they sold at the ballpark. Once he got his hotdog, he was happy.
Alan was at a carnival. He saw an ice cream vendor and he licked his lips. But as soon as he bought the ice cream, he regretted it. It began to melt all over him! Soon Alan was very sticky and very unhappy!
Jim was at home. Jim was hungry. Jim went to the cupboard to get a plate but there was none. Jim looked in the dishwasher it was full. Jim took a plate from the dishwasher for his food.
Jill decided she had a craving for a banana shake. She gathered her blender, ice cream, milk and bananas. She peeled the skin off of two bananas. Jill put all the ingredients in the blender and blended it up. The shake was delicious and her craving was cured!
Sean was a hard partner and developed a substance problem. He thought he was strong enough to quit on his own. But he tried many times and failed. Then he checked himself into an intense rehab. With its help, Sean has been sober for nine years!
Jason and his friends planned a camping trip for tomorrow. He went the night before to make sure he had everything. He went to bed early because there was a two mile hike to the site. When they arrive at the campsite they set up their tents. That night the skies were clear and saw a lot of stars.
Last week my wife left her lunch bag at work. She did not want to wait until Monday to get it. She drove down on Sunday. I went along for the ride. We ended up buying ice cream cones.
Jill was very worried about her performance cheerleading. All of her friends told her she was doing fine. Jill was still super nervous so she asked the coach his opinion. He told her that she was doing more than okay and to relax. During her next cheer-leading routine she was very confident!
Joe was trying to sneak into a music concert for free. He wore a nice shirt and carried a clipboard. Joe pretended to read from the clipboard and walked past security. When he was inside he changed out of his clothes. Joe was amazed that he was able to get away with it.
When ran to the neighbor's house. The fire had already gone out on its own. The house was filled with smoke and soot. We walked around surveying the damage. The entire countertop and cabinets were destroyed.
Tim loved going hiking. He found that he wore out his shoes very quickly with this lifestyle. He decided to purchase an expensive pair of hiking boots. Tim loved the boots. Tim's boots did not wear out and he wore the boots for years.
Brian and Josh were friends. One day, Brian got mad at Josh. Josh didn't understand why Brian was mad. Brian would not talk to Josh. Brian and Josh are no longer friends.
The puppeteer was hired for the child's birthday party. He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase. The children laughed at the silly show. They requested he perform another show. Many parents at the party hired him for future parties.
The cave explorers reached a dead end. They could hear water running. They explored the area. They found another small passageway. They went to the flowing water.
Grief for a patient who died made Jo doubt her ability as a counselor. She felt unsure about giving advice and feared she was a failure. One day, Bob came to her, plagued with anxiety about his goals. Jo's counseling helped Bob finish school and start a career. Bob's success restored Jo's confidence, healing them both.
Angie thought it would be fun to make a lasagna with her son. Boy was she wrong. Her son kept eating the cheese and breaking the noodles. When she was done there was a huge mess. Angie learned her son is not old enough to help.
Kate was nervous about her first day of college. She arrived at her math class early and waited anxiously. When the class started, Kate felt even more nervous during role call. The instructor assigned everyone difficult work. Kate struggled with the work but no longer felt nervous.
Yesterday Tina went to a seafood restaurant. She ordered the shrimp. To her dismay when she received it, it was not right. It was undercooked. Tina had to send it back.
We had a party last weekend. We ordered two deli platters. After the party we took everything home. My daughter saved one platter but threw away the other. I was saddened.
A new man in town had finally selected the area he wanted to live in. The villagers grabbed their axes and helped him chop down trees. They spent weeks and months working to get his new house built. Shortly before winter came, it was finished. The new man thanked everyone and invited them all for dinner.
Tim was going on a date. He went up the the house to pick her up. The people living inside didn't know who he was. Tim called and realized he got the address wrong. Tim eventually showed up to the right location.
Drake lived in a happy home with his dad and brothers. Drake's dad began dating. He proposed to and married his new girlfriend. All of his time went towards his new wife. Drake became very depressed about this change in his family.
Olivia and John were playing volleyball. But Olivia felt she had a disadvantage because she was short. When John won, Olivia said he had an unfair advantage. Later, Olivia saw a short volleyball player who was really good play. And she later apologized to John.
The State fair was in full swing. Kira went to the fair with her friends. Her friends convinced Kira to get on the biggest rollercoaster. Although she was scared Kira rode the ride. When she got off she puked everywhere and wanted to go home.
Jace wanted to join the football team. He went to the gym all summer. Jace ran a few laps everyday. Jace was one of the fastest boys in the tryout. He made the team.
Benjamin plays football. He has been playing only for a few years. His team has never won a game. Benjamin wants to quit because they never win. He has decided to finish the season and reevaluate next season.
With high postage, I couldn't afford to send Christmas cards anymore. This made me sad, and it felt like holiday cheer was being erased. I came up with the idea to have a cookie exchange party instead. I invited everyone on my card list, and we shared cookies and hugs. We decided to make it a tradition because friendship is priceless.
Sarah loved books. So she wanted to start a book club. Sarah invited her friends and family to join. She got seven members. They all started to read books.
Lance is trying to raise money for new shoes. The shoes he has are worn and dirty. Lance works everyday to make enough. Lance cannot make enough money for the shoes. Lance did not raise enough money for new shoes and kept his old ones.
My new kitten decided to climb a tree. She went higher and higher up. I was afraid she did not know how to climb back down. She saw a big, fat crow sitting on one of the branches. She was scared and ran down the tree in a hurry.
Lucy could find nothing to cure her boredom. She asked her grandma for something to do. Grandma was going to work in her garden and invited Lucy. Lucy made a face and walked away. After 30 minutes of boredom she decided to go help in the garden.
My grandma always said if someone shows you who they are, believe them. I didn't know what she was talking about. She told me it was because people lied to look better. I asked for examples, and she gave me some. I didn't realize she was trying to tell me about my own father.
My uncle gave me a chicken egg. I tried to hatch it. I made an egg hatcher. After several weeks, the egg hatched. Now i have a hen.
Ellie loved to party with her friends. She went out to the bars every day. One day her family had an intervention about her alcohol use. Ellie agreed she needed help. She entered rehab for treatment.
The couple got in an argument. The man was wrong. He refused to admit it. The woman became very frustrated. She stormed out of the house.
Ellen's password wouldn't work. The site instructed her to change it. She entered a new one. The site said she couldn't use it. Turns out, it was her old password!
Doug was walking his dog early one morning. Before he could get too far from his house, he saw another animal. When he saw several more in the road, Doug realized they were coyotes. He scared the pack off by banging a shovel on the pavement. Doug stopped walking his dog without a shovel after that.
Alexander wrote every day to his pen pal in Africa. His pen pal had different views and it was very mind-opening. They discussed all kinds of matter from politics to philosophy. But one day his pen pal stopped writing. Alexander didn't know why, but he was very disappointed.
Manny asked Carrie to cosign a loan for him to buy a trumpet. Carrie trusted Manny and so she did as he asked. Manny's dad sold the trumpet on craigslist before it was paid off. Since the trumpet was gone Manny stopped paying the monthly payments. Now Carrie is in legal trouble because she owes money for the trumpet.
Jerry had a mustache. Everyone knew how proud of his mustache he was. One night, Jerry and his friends got drunk. Jerry passed out. When he woke up, his mustache was missing, as were his friends.
Laura couldn't afford to buy a dress for the school dance. She made one out of a pretty floral fabric. She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her. But they loved the dress. She ended up with three orders for dresses.
Josh loved to run. He would run everywhere he had to go. Josh entered into a marathon in his city. Josh was excited and nervous at the same time. Josh did very well and finished the marathon tired but proud.
When I was a small boy my family had a serious automobile accident. We were all taken to the hospital with injuries. My dad came to visit me with bandages all over his face. I did not recognize him. He told me he was my dad but I did not believe him.
Jen was watching a scary movie with her friends. One of the girls accidently turned the television off. The room was pitch black. The girls began screaming in terror. Jen jumped off the bed and ran into the door.
Tony made a huge batch of waffles. He called his family to the breakfast table. They all gobbled them up. They told Tony to make waffles every Saturday morning. He was happy to make it a tradition!
Deana was working at a diner. One night was particularly busy, with a lot of customers. Deana had to work hard to keep up with the orders. Finally, the last customer finished and left. Deana ended up making a lot of tip money.
Eliza was excited to get to the dance later. She got her hair done and makeup done. She curled her hair and picked out a nice dress. Finally when she was ready she got in the car. When she got there she got many compliments.
Michael loved to get good grades. One day he failed a test. He got so upset he destroyed his computer. His computer was all he had to study for tests. Michael failed many more exams shortly afterwards.
One day Jen received a fax in her office. No one had sent a fax to them in over 12 years. She showed everyone the novel little fox she got. Her boss was impressed asked her who sent it. It was from her boyfriend, who worked at the fax company.
I was driving home from my doctors appointment when I seen a dog. I pulled over and opened the car door. The dog jumped right in. I brought him home and posted his picture online. No one claimed him, so he is now my dog.
Allie had the worst date. When she met Fred at the restaurant she had the worst time. He showed up late and was a slob. She couldn't wait to leave. So she excused herself and never came back.
Jared was trying for a final exam. His eyes were starting to close on his own. He ended up placing his head on the counter. The next thing he remembered was waking up 4 o'clock in the morning. He was extremely nervous since he overslept.
Tom moved to a trailer. It was in the south west. A tornado hit his city. Tom's trailer was destroyed. Tom was depressed for years.
It was flu season and Susie needed a shot. When she went to the doctor, the nurse got the needles. Susie was terrified. She couldn't believe she had to get it done. Thankfully though, when she got it done it was not as bad.
Javier is frustrated he hasn't scored a goal this soccer season. He decides to try his best to score one. Javier scores a goal during a game. He feels so much better. He is happy that he finally scored a goal during this season.
Coco was about to travel to Malaysia. Her doctor advised that she get a malaria vaccine. Coco refused the vaccine. Coco then contracted Malaria in Malaysia. Coco realized that vaccines are a good idea.
Leslie took a week off work. She started to feel overwhelmed and stressed out. She didn't go anywhere, she just relaxed at home. The week went by fast and Leslie went back to work. She felt reenergized and ready to take on work again.
My roommate used to eat my food out of the fridge. All my leftovers always got eaten before I got home from work. I had to leave him a note asking him not to do that. Ever since that note he has left my food alone. I guess notes really do work!
Jen loved to write. She wrote and wrote, all day. She dreamed of having her own book published. When she was younger, she wrote many stories. One day, Jen's book finally was discovered, and published.
Jim asked Mark to come over to help him move his couch. They soon discovered the couch was too heavy for just them to move. Mark invited his brother Luke to help them. Again, the couch was too heavy. Then Jim remembered all the gold bars he kept inside his sofa.
Tom was taking his meds. He mixed them in his drink. A friend didn't realize it. They took and drank Tom's drink. Tom had to take them to the hospital.
Brian is in the grocery store shopping for food. When he gets to the cashier to pay for his stuff. He can't find his wallet. Brian looks all over the store for his wallet. He can't find the wallet and leaves the food there.
Every morning, my alarm went off. I didn't have a normal alarm, however. My alarm happened to be the neighbor's rooster. At the same time each morning, he would crow. I hated it back then, but grew to miss it one day.
Last week I noticed a noise in our car wheel while driving. My wife brought the car in for repairs. There was debris in the brake chamber and low transmission fluid. They repaired the car at a cost of $236. We were expecting repairs to be more expensive.
Tess and Jane took the vow. The looked each other in the eyes and chanted. They promised never to lose the heart shaped lockets in their hands. After the chant, they opened their eyes. They hugged each other and went outside to play.
My race car sounded like it needed a new engine. I decided that I was going to try to fix it myself. I took it apart and found the problem. I changed the piston and put it back together. My engine ran great again and I save money.
The boy had a swimming party. He invited some friends. Everybody played in the pool. One kid hurt himself jumping into the pool. The parents told everyone to go home.
There was a man in the alley named Bill Bill was intoxicated after a tough day at work. He insulted a large man with a firearm. The man shot Bill several times. Bill passed away after attempted resuscitation by the EMT's.
Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother. But she insisted on living in a shelter. Just before Thanksgiving he begged her to stay with him. She said she was independent and would make her own way. On Thanksgiving day, Johnny helped serve the people in that shelter.
Libby was hungry. She went to the refrigerator to find something to eat. She saw the packages of meat and cheese. She put the meat and cheese between two slices of bread. Libby happily ate the sandwich she had made.
Sue got very drunk with her friends one night. The next morning she woke up and went to work. While teaching a lesson she stumbled on her words. Her students asked if she was drunk. Sue took a swig from her flask and didn't answer.
Luke was twelve years old when he started feeling changes. He didn't understand why he was growing hair in strange places. He was almost embarrassed with the way he felt towards girls. He thought he was sick. His dad told him it was just part of life and he went through it too.
Joe and Jane were two candidates for a job. Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent. However, the hiring manager liked Jane's personality. The hiring manager decided to flip a coin to decide who to hire. The coin landed on heads and Jane was hired.
Tara was commissioned to paint a mural at the school. She planned it all out very carefully. Then, she got her paints and went to work. It took a very long time. When she was done, everyone loved it.
Ed grabbed his lunch from the fridge. He went to pick up his keys but they weren't on the desk. He looked everywhere but no keys. He realized he wasn't going anywhere, so he put his lunch back. His keys were in the refrigerator!
Tina and her friends got together for a girls night. They were around the table when they heard voices. The voices were coming from outside. The girls freaked. Then to their surprise they saw it was just their boyfriends.
Debbie was going for a walk outside. She spots a lost cat near a bench. She decides to take him back home and see if she was lost. Weeks went by and nobody claimed the cat. Debbie decided to keep him as a member of her Family.
Tom was drinking at a party. He got too drunk and started being annoying. Another drunk guy at the party challenged him to a fight. Tom agreed to fist fight him. Tom's friends had to drag him away.
To the horse lay on his side in the midday sun. Sarah went in for a few minutes and then came back outside. Teo was lying half way out of his corral! Sarah watched as Two inched along on the sand. Minutes later and Two was out, shaking off the dust out of his mane!
The man took the top off his convertible. It started to rain. He tried to put the top back on. He couldn't get it to fit. He had to cover the car with a tarp.
Josh has a test tomorrow. He hasn't studied at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. When he got to class, he was exhausted. Josh fell asleep during his test and failed.
Greg tried hard to take care of me. I fought him at every turn. I didn't trust him and knew I couldn't. He gave me food, a roof over my head, and structure. I ran away on my 17th birthday.
Chris is a man who is upset with how things are in his country. He decides to march in the street to protest. While marching an officer tells him he's blocking the road. He tells him if he doesn't leave he will be arrested. Chris stays and gets arrested.
The man sheared the sheep. He sold the wool at the market. He fetched a good price. He showed his wife the money. His wife suggested more sheep.
A man bought a bowling ball and took it home. He stood in his living room and pretended to bowl. The man practiced for hours on his form. When his arm got tired he took a rest. He told himself that was enough bowling for one day.
A mechanic was busy taking apart an engine in his shop. There was a nut on a bracket that he couldn't get off. All of his wrenches were too small. The mechanic used his plies and tried very hard. The nut slowly came undone as he turned it.
A man grew out his moustache to give his face a new look. One side of his face was much patchier than the other. He tried to comb it to make it look better but he failed. Since it looked so bad he shaved the whole thing off. He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead.
Rob loved to get into fights with people. He enjoyed seeing people in physical pain. Rob punched and kicked people for years. Rob fought so much, he soon lost his eyesight as he got older. Nowadays, Rob can see nothing but his own mistakes.
A woman was in her apartment and was hungry. She realized she has no food in her home. She drove to the local diner. She ordered a delicious and hot meal. She returned home satiated and full.
The girl woke up late. She got dressed fast. The bus was here. She ran down the steps. By the time she got to the door the bus left.
We talked about our favorite cuisines with friends. It seemed like everyone preferred italian. One of our friends said mexican was all he would ever eat. I was very quiet, not telling anyone that I hated both cuisines. On the way home, I confessed to my husband, and he laughed.
Lorna met the man of her dreams in a Hollywood bar. They soon moved in together. The man wanted to be a musician. She worked while he formed a band and played gigs. When he became famous, he moved out and left her behind.
Sandy loved milkshakes. She would have one every time her family went out. One day Sandy came home and there was something waiting for her. Her parents had bought a milkshake maker. Sandy was so happy and she drank many, many milkshakes.
Mike was at a ball game. He needed a snack. He went to buy a snack. On the way back from getting a snack. Mike fell down and broke his arm.
I went shopping at WalMart the other day. I waited in line at the self checkout kiosk. When I got there, $4 was left in the machine, so I checked out fast. I looked around the lot for the people, but couldn't find them. I felt bad about keeping the cash, so I gave to some kids outside.
Bob was cooking sausages on the stove top. He tried to flip the sausages over with a spatula. The sausages fell all over the ground. His dog quickly ate a sausage from the ground. Bob had to order pizza afterwards for dinner.
Warren walked on the sidewalk minding his own business. When a man rushed toward him and asked for help, he refused. The man took out a gun in frantic fury. Warren cowered and did as he was asked. He gave the man a lift to the other side of town.
Caleb began lifting weights because he wanted to impress girls. He found a certain joy in it, wholly apart from the girls. Getting bigger and bigger muscles, Caleb eventually entered a contest. He became crowned as Mister California. He also was offered the lead role in a movie about Hercules!
The family came to the stage to clean it up. Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor. In the meanwhile, Dustin took a duster. He took a ladder to the top of the curtains, in order to dust it. Several hours later, everyone finished their jobs.
The farmer's cow had a calf. The kids all gathered around for the chance to feed it. They held the bottle up and let it drink. He was so hungry! The bottle was empty in just a minute.
Joe has had really bad canker sores for a week. He could hardly eat because of them. Desperate for some reprieve he sought out some medicine. He found some numbing paste from his local pharmacy. But the medicine did not dull his pain long enough for his liking.
When I was 10 I had to go to the dentist. I did not like the visit to the dentist and cried the whole time. Then later my mom told me we could go to the game store. I thought it was taking longer than it should. My mom pulled up in front of the dentist's office.
Tim was doing bad in class. He needed to do well on his midterm to try and salvage it. If he didn't there wouldn't be a way to pass. Tim messed up and failed the midterm. He flunked the class.
Jan went to the 99 cents store. She went in to buy some gum. She then saw all the great deals in there. SHe picked out candy, snacks, utensils, toys, food, and drinks. SHe left the store with over $30 worth of material.
Bill's doctor told Bill that he needed to take care of his health. Bill decided to run the Boston Marathon. Bill trained every morning for nine months. Finally, the day of the marathon came and Bill ran it in 4 hours. Bill was finally healthy!
Kim was driving and got a flat tire. She didn't know how to change the spare. She called a towing company. The tow guy changed her tire for her. Kim was saved the towing charge.
Sarah was on a church trip to go ice skating. She had never done it before and was a bit nervous. When she began, she actually didn't do too poorly. With a new sense of confidence, she began skating quickly. Suddenly, she slipped and fell onto the ice.
Robert was a homeless man in Reno. He did yard work around the neighborhood for beer money. One day a family he worked for invited him to live in their garage. The family was very nice to Robert. Robert did all the yard work in payment.
Gina exited the bathroom to find her friends waiting. Gina informed them the librarian was in the bathroom. She would unlock the library doors so they could go to the library. Her friends were happy. As was Gina.
I checked out a book at the library. It was a good read. However, I lost the book. I looked everywhere. I finally found it on the floor of my car.
Nola was very overweight and not active. Her son vowed to help her get into shape. Every morning he drove Nola to the woods and hiked with her. After a while Nola got better and faster. Soon she had dropped weight and turned into a great hiker!
Jane was always late for appointments. She was supposed to meet friends with dinner. When she didn't show up they decided to go elsewhere. When Jane showed up nobody was there. She felt bad and offered to buy everyone drinks.
The class had to share a box of crayons. Nancy took the entire box when she was drawing. Cindy tried to get a few pieces from Nancy. However, she brushed Cindy off when she asked. Cindy started to cry afterwards.
The weather was starting to cool down. The air was crisp and cold. She went back inside to put on something warm. She found a pair of leggings. She put them on underneath her skirt.
The children waited quietly in the loft of the barn. Two adults were sneaking into the entrance. The children opened fire. The adults vests buzzed. The children had won the laser tag game.
George waited for his mom to finish working. He was hungry and wanted a snack. Finally, his mom finished her work. She made him a sandwich. George ate the sandwich happily.
Jim's wedding was in a day. He had never been so nervous before in his life. He tried talking to people about it but nothing helped. Everyone told him he was just getting cold feet. Jim never showed up on his wedding day.
The dietitian wanted to teach the students how to be healthy. She talked about fat and calories. She gave them healthy ideas for snacks. They all worked together to plan a healthy meal. The dietitian sent them home with a bunch of healthy recipes.
Miranda needed to go to the store. She was searching but could not find any clean clothes. Soon her search began to run long and she grew impatient. She decided to throw on one of her boyfriend's shirts. Luckily she liked the shirt and enjoyed wearing his things.
Gina wasn't hungry at dinner time. Her mother insisted she eat dinner anyway. Gina sat at the table with her arms crossed. She wasn't allowed to leave the table until she ate dinner. Gina sat at the table as her family finished and left the table.
Ben used his computer every day for many hours. He always had a bunch of tabs open in his browsers. He would also play resource intensive games at the same time. He didn't take good care of his computer at all. Today, his computer broke and Ben learned a lesson.
Mallory wasn't the prettiest girl in school. She had no confidence at all. So one day a boy asked her to go to the dance with her. She couldn't believe someone would ask her. At the dance her date never shows up.
Samantha had just went on many dates from online sites. The first date was terrible, because the guy was very late. The second date was just mediocre, and the guy was smelly. Samantha got very frustrated and was ready to quit. She deleted her account and unregistered.
My toilet was acting up a little, but I didn't think too much of it. After flushing my toilet, water started to come out of the bowl. I didn't have a plunger near by so the water gotten everywhere. It was really embarrassing. I ended up spending hours cleaning my floors.
Ed wanted to do well on his road test. He studied the manual carefully. He did well on his written test! Then he had his driving test. He passed the test with flying colors!
Lewis got done writing a story. He let his wife read it. His wife did not like it. Lewis got angry. He threw the story in the trash.
Missy started middle school this year. One of her elective classes was beginning band. Missy wanted to play the clarinet just like her older sister did. When it was her turn to try the clarinet there was a problem. She only had three fingers on her left hand.
Yesterday I had a rather lazy day. I laid in bed watching the kardashians. While I was watching I made hot chocolate. The day was very relaxing. I cannot wait to have another lazy Saturday.
Gina walked out into the fluffy, deep snow. Gina tried to plan her steps carefully. She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots. But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow. She looked down to see her black boots were covered in white snow.
My friend needed help applying for health coverage. I went to his house and helped him fill out the application. I also was able to help him pick out a plan that he could afford. He was approved for benefits which makes me happy. I am very glad I was able to help my friend.
Bob owns a pizzeria in a small town. Everyone loves the food there. One day Bob had an angry customer complaining about the food. Bob offered the customer a refund and a replacement pizza. Bob continues to be successful because he's kind to customers.
Cyndi's boss told her to compress the firm's data. She printed out all the financial reports. She stacked them in piles and stomped on them as hard as she could. Cyndi proudly presented the compressed pages to her boss. Her boss was not amused and fired her on the spot.
Carla was babysitting her cousin. Carla's cousin was running in the house. He fell and busted his nose. Carla tended to his wound. Carla called her aunt to tell her what happened.
Tim was on the way home. His girlfriend asked him to pick up some food. Tim got a variety of things. None of them were anything she wanted. Tim and his girlfriend got into a big fight over it.
Lance took his dog to the park. He threw a Frisbee for the dog. The dog ran after the Frisbee. The dog kept running away from Lance with the Frisbee. Lance lost his dog.
Cammie lost a $50 bill somewhere. She was so upset, she almost cried. Then, the next day, doing laundry, she found it! It was wet, wrinkled, and clean in the washer! Cammie was elated!
Our apartment building hosted an ice cream party in June. They hired an ice cream truck to give out free ice cream. The truck was parked in the driveway, which was blocked off to traffic. We had ice cream and watched a lot of young children eat. The party lasted two hours, and we had a lot of fun.
Anna was at the park one afternoon. She idly plucked tiny daisies from the grass. Then she knotted them into a chain. She presented the chain to her mom. Smiling, her mom donned the necklace proudly.
Sue needed extra money. She decided to have a yard sale. She cleaned out her garage and closets. She found a lot of old stuff to sell. She made over $500 at her yard sale.
Jerry has a mouse. His wife wants to get a cat. Jerry said no. His wife got a cat behind his back. The cat and mouse are best friends.
Cindy was only learning how to bake. But her friends thought she was really good. One of them suggested baking a birthday cake for someone. But she knew she wasn't good enough. After enough peer pressure, she ended up baking a terrible cake.
Tom lived on the coast. A hurricane was supposed to hit. Tom couldn't afford to evacuate. He tried to ride it out. Unfortunately Tom died during the severe storm.
There was a big race with many laps on a circular track. The guy in first lapped the last place guy. The guy in last got so frustrated he quit. Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on. The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation.
Charles was supposed to get ready for school. Instead, he was rolling in bed feeling sick. He had an important test though so he tried to get up. As he got dressed, he became violently sick and threw up. His mom decided that he was too sick for school.
John was excited to go to the fair. He had saved up money to have lemonade and funnel cake. As he waited to pay he saw a dirty child in shabby clothing. The boy was clearly hungry. John quietly handed his food to the boy as he walked by.
Josh is in high school. He loves running miles. The fastest mile at his school is six minutes. He beat it by one minute. He is now the top runner at his school.
Tom decided he wanted to read more. Tom thought about how he could incorporate books into his life. He decided to purchase audio books. He began listening to audiobooks daily. Tom felt gratified and fulfilled after listening to many books.
Tom went to a night club. He enjoyed the music very much. He made his way to the dance floor. He met Lola on the dance floor. The got along well and began dating.
Johnson has always wanted to drive from San Francisco to Los Angeles. One weekend he decides to take the long drive. He takes the long drive along the Pacific Coast Highway. Finally he has reached Los Angeles. Arriving in Los Angeles, Johnson is very happy that he took the trip.
Amy unexpectedly found out she was pregnant. At first she was not excited and was very nervous. As time went on, she became very excited to have a baby. She couldn't wait for the baby to be born. When the baby was finally born, she was overjoyed to be a mom.
Ziggy the dog often jumps up on the back of the couch. There is a gap between the cushions where he likes to sit. One day paw slipped between the cushions and got caught. The vet thinks that it is sprained. Now Ziggy refuses to go up and down the stairs.
John found a kid crying on a bench. John wanted to cheer him up. John bought him ice cream. The kid smiled. John made a new friend.
I went out to eat with a few buddies at a local bar. We sat at the table and waited for our food. Our waitress was one of the most beautiful girls that I've ever met. I flirted with her shamelessly throughout the night. When she brought the bill, she slipped me a paper with her number.
Harold decided that he wanted to eat pizza for dinner. Harold ordered a large cheese pizza for him to dine on. Since no one else was home, Harold had to eat the entire pizza. Harold could only eat half the pizza so he put the rest in the fridge. Harold ate the rest of the pizza the next day.
Amy wanted to feel sophisticated. She was 16 and decided that an oil burner was sophisticated enough. At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner. Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her She wasn't allowed to burn candles since she could burn down the house
Vera loved to bake cookies. Her friends and coworkers would always ask for her cookies. She started selling her cookies since so many people asked. She got so many orders that she decided to quit her job. She opened up a cookie store at the local mall.
Barb and Renee got into an argument in school. The argument escalated into a fight. The girls had to be separated by a teacher. Barb and Renee were sent to the principal's office. Both girls were suspended from school.
Miranda was in her kitchen looking for breakfast. She noticed something foul smelling in the sink. When she checked she found a cup full of old milk. Cleaning it wouldn't work and she had to soak it in hot water. Luckily the cup eventually became fully cleaned.
Hari loved listening to music. But, people would complain because he didn't have headphone. Hari decided to buy headphones. He went to the store and got the best headphones available. Now, Harry could listen to music without complaints.
Marco has been trying to lose weight for months. Finally he finds that he is losing weight. His pants no longer fit him very well. Instead of buying new pants, Marco buys a belt so his pants fit. He is happy to have lost so much weight.
Richard felt very unhappy in his life. He decided he needed to find a new hobby. He asked his friends for suggestions on a hobby. He decided to try fishing. After going fishing, Richard realized it made him much happier.
The couple went searching for berries. They heard noises from their spot. They thought it was another person. They spotted an animal. The animal was eating their berries.
Jackie wanted to play sports with the boys. Jackie went to the basketball court every day and practiced. She started making hoop after hoop. Eventually Jackie played with the boys. Jackie decided that sports was her favorite activity now!
Emily and her friends were at the beach. They grew tired of swimming. Then Emily suggested a game of volleyball. Her friends agreed that it sounded like fun. Emily had a great time playing beach volleyball!
We had our carpeting cleaned last Thursday. Our 2-year-old granddaughter is coming from NYC today. My wife vacuumed the carpet again, as we have a cat. The vacuum picked up a lot of cat fur. I was amazed.
Vicky's family likes to hunt. She wants to join them in their hobby. Vicky's family gives her a gun and lessons. She practices every week for several months. Now, Vicky enjoys hunting with her family.
Kelsi's parents promised her a new puppy for her birthday. Her parents took her to the pet store to take a look. Kelsi's eyes laid on this beautiful brown dog that was very small. The dog was waiting to be adopted and Kelsi picked it up. Kelsi was so excited to have her new puppy.
I went with my friend Jane to the park yesterday. While we were at the park we played in a giant sandbox. Suddenly, fire ants came out of the sand and started biting us! It was so scary that we ran home. We will never go to that sandbox again.
Michelle always wanted a dog. As a child she would beg her parents for a puppy. They always said no because her brother was allergic to animals. She never stopped asking and she never got a dog. When she was 19 she moved out on her own and bought a dog.
My friends and I took archery classes. We practiced for three months. Then it was time for a competition. My friends all took home trophies. I got disqualified for accidentally hitting a judge.
Jonah was on a fishing trip. He had taken his boat out to the middle of the lake. Jonah decided to come back into shore. The motor wouldn't start up. Jonah had to use the paddles to get the boat back to land.
Tim refused to ever buy a smartphone. He was perfectly happy with his landline phone. He laughed at everyone buying expensive smartphones. One day he missed a call for an important job interview. This made Tim go out and buy his first smartphone.
A close friend found out her toddler was very ill. They had to start treatments right away. I called her and asked if she needed a place to stay in town. She said thank you, but housing was provided. I hung up in tears, sad for her situation.
The carpenter told Mick to make sure the baseboard was straight. He showed him how to do it properly. Mick followed the instructions, and looked proudly at his work. With only 2 more Year's of apprenticeship, he was on his way. He smiled to himself as he got back on his knees to pursue his dream.
Ben needed to buy a camper shell for his truck. He searched on the internet to find a retailer nearby. He drove to the nearest store to see if they had it in stock. Luckily they had one that matched, so he bought it. They installed the shell on his truck in about an hour.
Shay and the girls decided to take a trip. She wanted to take a girls trip to Miami. The girls got together and went for a week. They had a great time. At the end of the trip they didn't want to leave.
Every summer I make ice cream with my doctor. My daughter chooses the flavor. I cook the ice cream mixture. We place the mixture in an ice cream machine. It starts and after 2 hours we have ice cream.
Ben tried to be a scammer. He figured out a way to shoplift from stores. He tried to shoplift a ham by putting it under his coat. The police were called. Ben doesn't shoplift anymore.
Vince liked to play pool. He would go to the bars and Hustle up some money. No one ever expected him to be so good. Vince did this as often as he could. He donated all his winnings to the homeless.
James had really bad back pain. He went to Staples to purchase a new chair. He found a chair with great back support. James no longer felt pain in his lower back. James was more productive at work with his new chair.
Yesterday, George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve. He saw several deer during his run. George stopped to take pictures of them. He posted them on Instagram and got several hundred likes. Now he does the same thing every day, just for the likes.
Kevin made Peruvian style chicken at a stall in New York City. What he really did though, was kill pigeons behind his stall. He cooked them and defeathered them They looked just like chickens, he knew no one would notice. Kevin was later given a health code violation and had to close shop.
Tyler was hungry but there was nothing in the house. He looked in his wallet and only had a dollar. He went to a fast food restaurant but they didn't have a dollar menu. He went to several more, and finally found one with a dollar menu. As he tried to decide, he realized he wasn't hungry anymore.
Jimmy couldn't go outside to play because of a thunderstorm. He also couldn't play video games because the power went out. With nothing else to do he decided to draw. He drew Knights and dragons and castles. Eventually he had a finished a whole book about Medieval times.
My license expired a few days ago, so I had to go to the DMV. I waited in line for what seemed like an eternity. When I told the woman I needed a license renewed, she gave me a look. Then she clicked her tongue and said the weight needed to be updated. Thanks for the boost of confidence, DMV lady.
Jose liked to brag that he was the class spelling champion. He continued to win spelling bees and was going on to nationals. He won the other competitions so easily. Jose decided not to study this time. Jose lost nationals when he couldn't spell the word "pompous".
Ty had a crush on Lynn for a long time. They were at the playground when Ty ran off. He came back with two ice cream cones from the truck. Lyn was gone, he looked around. There she was on the swing sharing a cone with another boy.
Micah was playing in an important football game. His performance would influence his entire future. He was really worried because his shins had been sore all week. He forced himself to push through the pain. Luckily, he did a great job and the game was won.
Tom loved Halloween. He trick or treated for a long time. Tom got lots of candy and ate it fast. Tom got sick to his stomach. His parents made him stop eating candy so fast.
Today my friend and I had plans to go shopping at the mall. We were going to meet early in the morning and take the bus together. Unfortunately, I woke up with a fever and my Mom said I couldn't go. I've been in bed all day. This is not the way I wanted to spend my day.
Ariel wanted to be in the school play. She rehearsed the lines in preparation for the audition. During the audition, Ariel spoke her lines from memory. The drama teacher posted the cast names for the parts. Ariel was excited to find her name on the list.
Allan hated gym class. He never got picked for kickball! Allan decided to be a score keeper. Everyone loved how accurate he was! Allan never hated gym class again!
George loved playing hide and seek. While playing he hid under a rug. His playmates couldn't find him. He had difficulty breathing and was unable to get from under the rug. He died of asphyxiation.
Chris was making lasagna. He bought all the ingredients. As he was cooking, he could not find the ricotta cheese. Chris had forgotten one of the main ingredients. He was upset he couldn't finish his dinner.
Ted's grandfather was reputedly very intelligent. Ted was having trouble with his math homework. He decided to seek the tutelage of his wise elder. He drove to his grandfather's house and asked for help. His grandfather had never studied calculus and could not help him.
Alex wanted to learn how to kayak. He begged his dad to buy him one. His dad caved and bought one a few days later. After they had the kayak his dad took him to a nearby river. Alex's dad showed him how to kayak.
It was getting very cold in Nea's town. She gathered up all her extra blankets and fleece throws. Then she drove downtown, where the homeless people congregated. Nea began passing out the warm items to the needy people. The homeless people accepted them gladly and thanked Me warmly.
Steve and Eric got out of school early. They went to have pizza at Pizza Chef. Steve thought he would get home his usual time. He didn't have his phone to let his mom know he might be late. He got grounded for not letting his mom know what he was doing.
Tim was really tough. He wanted to prove he was the toughest in school. One day he chased a girl gown the hall. She started crying. Tim realized that he didn't have to be tough all the time.
Greg went to college in a town very far from his own. The first month he was lost and homesick. And he had a hard time concentrating on his studies. Eventually he had to admit it wasn't working. He packed his bags and went back home.
Andrea saw a bright yellow bench in the local park. There was a sign near it that indicated wet paint. However, Andrea did not notice it. She plopped right down onto the bench. Her backside was covered with yellow paint.
The principal of Brandon's school was retiring this year. He was going to hand his job over to someone. Today, he was announcing who that was during an assembly. He revealed that one of the 5th grade teachers would be principal. Everyone clapped for the new guy.
Marlene wanted to make cookies but didn't know how. She asked her mom to show her. Marlene's mom got out the cookie dough and heated the oven. She helped Marlene form the dough into balls and put them on the tray. The cookies were so delicious when the came out of the oven hot.
Dave has a pet bird. He takes it everywhere with him. Dave pet bird flew away one day. Dave became very upset. The bird has since returned and Dave is very happy again.
Harold was very superstitious. He particularly hated quantities that summed to 13. When shopping he would over-buy to avoid that number. Eventually a Friday the 13th rolled around on the calendar. Harold cowered in fear although nothing bad happened to him.
Sam is a mail man. He was making his usual rounds. He noticed a peculiar movement in a trashcan. Then he saw a homeless man peek his head out and ask for a dollar. Sam gave him ten dollars for a new outfit.
I needed a letter of recommendation. I asked my professor for one. He told me no. I decided to ask my friend. Thankfully, my friend wrote the letter.
Tom left his car window down. At night it started to rain really hard. It kept raining into the morning. When Tom woke up he realized what he'd done. He went to check his car and it was soaked.
Ian decided to heat some of his food in the microwave. He tossed it inside and placed the timer for 3 minutes. After a minute, the whole entire container splashed all over the place He felt several burning sensations. Eventually, the pain went away after  by
Tara had lost her brand new hat. She looked everywhere for her hat. She was about to give up when she looked at her dog's house. The dog had a few scraps of fabric in his mouth. He had eaten the hat.
Hector had a summer job cutting grass in his neighborhood. He was going to have to stop working to go back to school. He was concerned about his clients and getting their grass cut. Hector's friend said could take over for him. Hector gladly expected the offer.
In August of 2013 my wife and I went to Portland, Maine. We took the train from Boston. We checked into a hotel very close to a baseball stadium. That night we watched the minor league Portland Sea Dogs. Even though they lost, we had a great time in Portland.
Sandy saw the driving weather report on television. The report informed Sandy that that conditions are extremely foggy. Sandy's job is not far from her home. Therefore, Sandy decided to walk to work. Sandy was glad she was being safe while walking to work.
Noah had track practice on Monday evening. Earlier in the day it began to snow and turned cold. Noah was hoping that the practice would be cancelled. His parents took him to practice and they ran in the snow. After practice he was happy for the cooler weather after all.
Cody worked as a software developer. Cody became frustrated with his work and his employer. Cody decided to start writing science fiction in his spare time. He self-published several books which all sold well. Cody quit his software job to become a full time writer.
Jennifer was going to see a play. She had to walk there and wasn't familiar with the area. Soon, she realized that she was lost. She consulted someone on the street for directions. Luckily, she was able to arrive on time.
Charles was playing with his new toy truck. He accidentally threw it out the window. He went out and could not find it. He asked his mom to find it for him. She found it.
Claudette was George's third wife. Every year, George would tell his children that he would visit them. Every year, Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere. George's grandchildren grew up without knowing him. When he finally visited, no one was interested in seeing him.
Stephen moves into a new apartment. He calls the cable guy to come install cable. The cable guy arrives a bit late and Stephen is upset. He apologizes to Stephen and offers him free cable. Stephen enjoys his free cable.
Robert was a good guy. So when someone stole his cell phone at work everyone was indignant. They all tried to find out who had done it. But when they didn't catch the thief, they all pitched in. They offered Robert a new model to make up for the stolen one.
Joseph had a crush on a girl. He was afraid of approaching her. He thought about what he should do. He got his friend to talk to her. Joseph's friend ended up dating the girl!
Teddy is at the fair. He wants to go on the big roller coaster. He gets on and rides the ride. During the ride he pukes on everyone. Teddy will never ride the roller coaster again.
Andrew just moved into a new house. He wanted some new art for his new house. So Andrew went on his laptop. He looked online for paintings. He found some nice paintings and bought them.
A traffic accident happened in the middle of town. A news crew interviewed a bystander. He raced home to see himself on the news. In his rush he caused another accident. The news crew came and interviewed him again.
Su wanted to grow onions. She planted the seeds in her garden. But months passed and no onions grew! Then Su's mom told her the onions grow underground. Su dug in the soil and found dozens of onions!
Late last night I awoke to a strange sound of a cupboard opening. I didn't know if it was a person or something else. I jumped out of bed and crept to my kitchen. I peeked around the corner, ready to strike if need be. There I saw a stray cat had snuck in, and I sighed with relief.
Becka loved clothes. She opened a boutique. Customers soon heard that her customer service was horrible. Becka lost her customer base quickly. Her business closed a few months later.
Clark was a simple clerk in a grocery store. One day he ran through the aisles in a shopping cart. He crashed into a shelf, and it hit the other shelves. Every shelf in the market crashed. Clark was fired, no longer a clerk, just Clark.
Steward loved anime. One day he came across one. It was called Death Note. He saw the whole series. Steward fell more in love with anime.
A farmer bought new property. The property had a well on it. He inspected the well. The water was clean. He drank the water.
Tom was up late one night. He wanted a snack. He tried to make toast. He was too sleepy and burned it. Tom decided to go to sleep instead.
Nala saw an adorable stray cat. She approached it to pet it. But as she put her hand out, it clawed at her fiercely! Nala withdrew her hand to nurse her gouges. She realized it had been unwise to try to pet a stray cat.
Jim was headed to school yesterday morning. It was freezing outside. He was bundled up, but he was still cold. Jim ran to school and slipped and fell. Thankfully, he wasn't hurt.
Todd and his friends gathered after school. They would rhyme with each other. They called it beat boxing. They developed their verbal skills well. Todd went on to be a professional rapper.
Tim broke his ankle playing sports. He was mad that he couldn't play sports for two weeks. He sat in the house bored. He then had an idea. He would play video games that were just like the sports he played.
Eve had just put her son to sleep. It had taken all night for him to fall asleep. Eve's husband came home and slammed the door. The slamming door woke up the baby. Eve was furious at her husband.
It was Timmy's first dentist appointment. He was afraid! But the dentist was nice to him. He cleaned Timmy's teeth very gently. Timmy was no longer scared of the dentist!
John joined his newspaper school club. John wrote several articles. John gained recognition. John received an award in his graduation. John also received job offers from real newspapers.
Kelly really wanted a new cat. She begged her parents over and over for one. Unfortunately they said no. Luckily however on her birthday, they gave in. Kelly was finally able to get a cat.
I wanted some hot mustard on my egg roll. I thought I had some packets in the cupboard. I found one from the old Chinese restaurant I used to order from. The mustard inside had turned black from age! I threw it out and used ketchup instead.
Wanda was running late for work. She was speeding and texting her boss that she was on the way. She never saw the boy chasing his ball into the street. At court she cried and cried and so did the boy's mother. The judge gave her 8 years behind bars to think about that day.
Sonyah thought she would make a good mayor for her city. She decided to run for the position. Sonyah launched her campaign and bought local tv time. On election day, she lost by 6000 votes. Sonyah cried foul and wanted a recount.
Lisa saw a new kid at school. She thought he was dressed a bit odd. But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice. So she decided to be nice to him. They weren't friends yet but at the very least friendly.
As a child I generally looked up to celebrities. I found their lives glamorous and their accolades praise-worthy. As I grew up, I soured on the very notion of fame. As an adult, I became a minor celebrity as a novelist. I find I experience some self-loathing due to my disposition.
In the middle of the night Peg was woken by her brother. He was known to sleepwalk so she was used to it. She didn't try to wake him because that would make him mad. Instead she carefully guided him back into his bed. The next morning her brother didn't even know it had happened.
Anna was walking her dog on a sunny day. They passed by another dog who was playing fetch with it's owner. Anna's dog seemed very attracted to the ball. Anna decided to go to the pet store and buy a yellow ball for her dog. Anna played fetch with her dog and it became their favorite game.
Tom bought a bicycle. He got it from someone off of craigslist. Tom was unsure about it since the bar code was rubbed off. He called the cops and they verified it was stolen. Tom was able to get the bike back to its rightful owner.
The temperature was soaring higher and higher. Idris reached for his bottle of water. He was finding every way to avoid going outside. The forecast was expected to get hotter. Idris laid in a puddle of sweat.
Sam got injured during football practice. He knew he was pushing himself too hard but didn't stop. His coach told him to take a break and get some water. Sam didn't listen to his coach. He won't be able to play football until he gets better.
For Ashley, going to medical school it meant leaving behind her life. She had gotten into a medical school out-of-state and had to go. Ashley was very scared but she knew that she could handle anything. Once she moved and started school she got used to the routine. She learned that moving away isn't so bad after all.
Jamal could barely stay awake in class. He was up all night finishing his report. While exhausted, he was glad it was over. Suddenly, the calendar caught Jamal's eye. The report was due next week.
When Charles was hired at PennySaver, he thought he found a career. They were paying him $16 per hour. But their printing plants in other cities were closing. His boss assured them that their plant would stay open. But Charles showed up for work and the business was closed.
The high school marching band needed to raise money for a trip. After talking it over they decided to do a car wash. They planned it for the next weekend and got their supplies. They created posters to tell people about it. By the end of the car wash they had raised more than their goal.
Austin realized his carpet inside his room was wet. He looked around to see where the water was coming from. Austin realized the water was coming from the a/c in the window. He looked it over and realized the a/c needed to be tipped out more. Austin went outside and moved the a/c so the water went out.
Chelsea was camping. There was a bathroom at the campground. Chelsea was happy to have a nice place to use the restroom. She went in and was horrified. There were bugs everywhere!
All of the hockey teams wanted to sign Vesey. He was s free agent from college. He was free to sign with any team. They all wined and dined him. He was going to make a decision at the end of the week.
Jerry had forgotten to write down a transaction in his checkbook. He thought he had more money than he did. Jerry wrote a check. The check bounced. Jerry had to pay additional fees for the bad check.
The Atlanta Falcons started their 2016 NFL season on Sunday. They were home to play the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The Falcons were favored to win the game. Jameis Winston and the 'Bucs pulled an upset victory. From the looks of it, the Falcons are still garbage.
Billy's birthday was a few weeks ago. We wanted to surprise him so we hopped in the car and drove. He had no idea we were going to the houseboat, a place he loves. When we made a left turn on Homestead, he was so excited. We had an amazing time all night on the boat and the next day too.
Ray was learning how to draw. But after several minutes of practice, he didn't see any improvement. He got drawing books to study from. But he was too lazy to follow their instructions. Ray decided to quit drawing.
Tom wanted to give a speech to his entire company. He hired a speech writer. He rehearsed for weeks. He gave a great speech. His colleagues, subordinates, and managers enjoyed the speech.
Emily was a skilled card counter at blackjack. One night she won $3,000 at a casino blackjack table. She stopped playing because she didn't want to gamble it away. She put it in a safe to spend on something nice later. Eventually she ended up buying herself a nice diamond necklace.
John ordered a new game from Amazon three days ago. He was so excited that he monitored the tracking number every day. The tracking indicated that the package would be arriving today. After waiting all day, he spotted the delivery truck. The truck stopped outside of his house and delivered the game!
Greg got robbed. He went to a friends house. He called 911 on his friends phone. The cops found the guy. Greg got his money back.
Molly was driving her parent's car very fast. She passed a stop sign. A cop pulled her over. The cop turned out to be her father. He grounded Molly for a week.
Eddie was eating at an all you can eat buffet. He had been there for four hours. He had eaten more than what was reasonable. The manager approached Eddie. He was forced to leave.
Robert was broke and needed money. He decided to start selling carpet. He then got a few clients. He installed the carpet for the clients. Now Robert has enough money for a new house!
Tom went to go ride horses. The first time he tried, he fell off. The horse didn't like him. Tom fed the horse grains. After that the horse let him ride for a long time.
Last week I went to try the new Indian buffet. I absolutely love Indian food. When I went inside it tasted amazing. I filled my plate to the top. I couldn't wait to go back next time.
Kyle loved to read and write. But his mom feared he wouldn't make a living that way. Then one day Kyle submitted a story to a publisher. They loved him and hired him right away. Kyle's mom was so happy that he had found a job doing what he loved!
Kelly went to the chocolate store. At the store she saw some fudge. The fudge was very delicious. It was so good she made her own. She wanted to make it everyday.
Sam was running for the train. On the way, she tripped over the curb. She fell and scraped bother her knees. She got back up quickly, but did not make the train. She had to wait 30 minutes for the next one.
Sam was eating breakfast at a fancy restaurant. He asked for orange juice with no pulp. The waiter heard wrong and brought out extra pulp. Sam threw it on the floor and insulted the waiter greatly. The waiter was fired and Sam's meal was comped.
Kim's boyfriend was in the navy. He was out once and never returned. Kim tried to get information on what happened. Nobody ever found out. She eventually moved on.
Ike had always wanted a brother. When he was 6, his parents adopted a baby boy. Ike was so happy! He fawned over the baby every day. As the boys grew, they became best friends.
Derek has had a crush on Mary since the first grade. He suffered in silence throughout their public education careers. Derek had long since given up hope that anything could happen. In the final week of senior year, Derek asked Mary out. Mary politely declined, and Derek's heart was broken.
Tom took his girlfriend to a movie. At the beginning he got them to add a special slide. They projected a big marriage proposal on the screen. Tom's girlfriend was shocked by it all. She turned down his offer.
John wanted to impress his friends who were eating spicy food. He asked the waiter to bring the hottest sauce they could make. The waiter brought a cup of sauce with fumes above it. John downed the cup of hot sauce in one big gulp. Soon, tears were streaming down his cheeks and his pals were laughing.
Paula and Roy met at summer camp when they were young teens. Roy wasn't allowed to return the next summer. He thought about Paula all through his life. When he was thirty, he moved to California. At a coffee shop, he ran into Paula, who was thrilled to see him.
Lily was in labor with her baby. She had really bad pain but it wasn't time to go to the hospital yet. The pain was so bad so she decided to take a bath. Her husband set it up and she climbed in. Luckily for her, the water really helped with the pain.
Maddie's mom was furious. Maddie had gotten a tattoo! The mom insisted that she have it removed. Maddie told her she wouldn't. She loved the new tattoo on her arm.
Rex had always wanted to see Arizona. He began saving money for his trip there. Rex finally visited the luxurious spas in Scottsdale, Arizona. He felt relaxed and happy. Rex was pleased that he had finally seen Arizona.
Evan was wondering what to get his mom for Christmas. Then he thought of a great gift idea. He would buy her a new bathrobe! He hurried to the mall to select the perfect robe. On Christmas morning, Evan's mom told him she loved the robe!
Tim decided to buy stocks for the first time. He was interested in buying shares of Apple. To his surprise when he bought stock it went up 5%. Tim was elated. He immediately called his broker to buy some more.
Tom was a Muslim. He moved into a new neighborhood. The neighbors were all nervous Christians. They constantly stared at him and asked provoking questions. Tom learned to deal with it after a while.
Jenny began making YouTube videos of herself singing pop songs. Jenny's videos starting getting thousands of views. After a few weeks of this, Jenny got an email from someone at Sony. Sony made Jenny an offer to make videos for money. Today, Jenny is a huge pop star!
Mandy was on a camping trip. Someone had given all of the kids glow sticks. Mandy's stick had begun to die. She ran up to her mom and asked for a new one. Her mom gave her a new stick.
Cara lost her watch during a family reunion. She asked her brother for his help finding it. Her brother brought over a metal detector since the watch was metal. The metal detector went beep, beep, beep. Cara was so happy to have her watch back.
Betty wanted to make her wardrobe more unique. However, she didn't have a lot of money. Betty went to a thrift store to look around. She found lots of nice, cute clothes for cheap. Betty's new clothes made her feel happy and cute.
Sammie had a favorite pair of socks. They were the only socks he would wear every day. After a few months the socks started to become worn. Sammie realized he had to throw away his old socks and buy new ones. Sammie said goodbye to his old friends and bought a new pair of socks.
Kaia was suspended for fighting. She was so ashamed to tell her mom and dad. But they talked her through her anger and shame. When they were done, Kaia felt much better. She returned to school smiling and ready to work!
While camping, Jeff saw a bear near his tent. He did not disturb the bear at all, he simply walked away. He later came back when the bear was gone and packed up his stuff. He went home and told everyone what he saw. To this day Jeff has never gone camping again.
Mily thought that she was the best boggle player in the world. She played boggle any chance she could get and always won. Mily challenged Steve to an online boggle game. Steve was even better at boggle than Miley was and Steve beat Mily. Mily was a gracious loser and admitted that Steve was the champion.
Devan liked being outdoors. He took his Jeep to the desert. He loved driving up and down the dunes. He loved whipping around with the wind in his face. Devan felt like the outdoors gave him energy.
James couldn't see in the dark. He got his flashlight and shined it into his yard. He saw a raccoon run into the woods. James decided to leave the porch light on all night. He knew the raccoon was cared of lights.
I was going to a fancy party. The shirt I wanted to wear was wrinkled. I decided that I had no time to iron it. When I got to the party, everyone laughed at me. I learned that I should always iron any shirt I wear.
Clyde decided to buy a smartphone. He didn't quite know how to use it. He talked to his grandchildren about it. They helped him figure it all out. He now loves his smart phone!
Mark had a report due on tigers for school. He spent all week doing research on tigers. Mark really enjoyed looking at pictures of tigers. He also enjoyed all the books he got to read about tigers. Mark thinks he'll do very well on his report.
Susan went to the lake. She saw a small boy there. She asked him how old he was. He told her he was 3, and today was his birthday. She gave him a toy boat for his birthday.
Dharma wanted to be a model. She got some head shots made and sent them out. Soon, Dharma heard from an agent who said she had promise. Dharma auditioned for a big advertising agency. Now Dharma is the face of a major cosmetic line!
Tom loved the Olympics. His favorite sport was Luge. He had never tried the sport himself. One day he found a luge facility and tried it. He fell in love with the sport, even more so, after experiencing it.
Derrick lost his job because he was late too many times. He was very worried about how he would pay bills. He files for unemployment but didn't get paid very much. Derrick was unable to pay his rent so he got evicted. He moved in with his mom so that he could get his life on track.
Kathy had delayed the game by talking up a storm. Her boyfriend was annoyed, but had gotten used to the treatment. He politely interrupted Kathy to remind her that it was her turn. She looked at everyone and her faced turned red. After apologizing, we all went back to playing the board game.
Sally was expecting her first baby, and working on the nursery. She thought the most important thing to finish was the crib. She had it put together and ready for the baby 2 months early. But when her son was born, Sally had him sleep in a bassinet instead. The crib could have waited, because she wanted him as close as possible
John was drunk and walking home one night. He stumbled into someone's front yard and passed out. The homeowner called the police when he saw John. The police arrived and detained John. They decided to take him home rather than to jail for trespassing.
Jesse had a large family. His air conditioning broke. It was the middle of the summer. He put window units in all of the windows. It kept the whole family cool.
I used to be afraid of swimming. Both deep and shallow water make me nervous. I was invited to go swimming at a friend's house. I lied to him by saying I was busy. I felt bad for lying.
The man gave a presentation. He asked for questions from the audience. The audience had a lot questions. The organizer realized the man was a good presenter. He asked him to present at the next convention.
Ethan had a long day at work. He got in his car. He drove on home. He played some music. He parked in his garage.
Joe needed some heaters cause winter was coming. So Joe went online on his computer to get some. Joe ordered two of them. The arrived a week later. Joe was set for winter.
Tony was out for a walk. He saw a skunk following behind him. He tried to walk away quickly but it was following him. Tony started running. He didn't want the skunk to spray him!
My sister in law's son was a heroin addict. He tried rehab but failed. He was taking methadone. In April of 2013 he overdosed on heroin and died. His mother is still in mourning.
Dana took a trip to Los Angeles. Dana was a big Tom Cruise fan. She wandered the hot spots, hoping to spot Tom Cruise. After several days she thought she actually saw him. She yelled the name Tom Cruise loudly only to discover it was him!
Kourtney was pregnant with her baby and about to be married. She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate. However on the trip there was tension. Kourtney wasn't up for anything strenuous. Her sisters then got upset because they were bored.
Phil's toaster has very sensitive settings. The first time his girlfriend tried to make toast it burned. She thought it would just be browned a bit. Instead it literally started a fire. The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster.
Tom was in a playful mood. He decided to buy a scratch off ticket. Tom wound up winning a hundred bucks. Tom decided to buy a couple more tickets. He didn't win anything on those, though.
Sam had a fear of driving. One day he got lost. He took a wrong turn and went down a winding road. Sam was scared and drove slowly. Eventually he made it through and got to his destination.
I have shopped for many wallets over the years. I began with standard leather wallets. They tended to wear down and were bulky. I switched to canvas wallets but they were very juvenile looking. I finally found a thin grown up fabric wallet.
Billy was very tired when he woke up. He drudged through his morning routine. Billy stopped for coffee on his way to work. The coffee energized him. Billy was ready to tackle the work day.
Gina was on a winding road near her home during a snowstorm. She always drove slowly on this road. Today the road was covered with ice and snow. Even driving slowly her car was still sliding on the icy road. Gina was terrified when she almost slid onto the curb.
Rachel needed to borrow a pen. She asked her co worker for one. At the end of the day Rachel drove home exhausted. It wasn't until she got home that she noticed the pen. She had forgotten to give it back.
Jeremy's mom needed him to pull some weeds. She promised that if he did, he could get a new toy. Jeremy quickly pulled all of the weeds in the garden. Then, his mom took him to the store. He chose a new pokemon game.
I purchased several vials of perfumed oils. I picked all sweet scents. They were very realistic, and I was quite pleased. I put some on first thing in the morning. My husband complimented me, as did everyone in the office that day.
The family was at granddad's rural cabin. Granddad said his rifle was not loaded and gave it to Jim. Jim aimed at his younger brother's head. Dad grabbed the gun and said never point a gun at a person. Dad aimed out a window into a hill and the gun fired.
John saw his mother killed at gunpoint when he was a child. John had to go to rehab and would eventually be healed. John went for a criminal science degree. John became a cop to solve murder crimes. Eventually, he was promoted to a detective to solve different crimes.
Jon's uncle's birthday was coming up. Jon loved his uncle very much. Jon knew his uncle liked drinking coffee. Jon bought his uncle a coffee mug. His uncle appreciated the gift.
Laura was cleaning out her closet. She had two jackets that didn't fit anymore. There was a donation center near Laura's job. Laura stopped at the donation center on the way to work. She donated the jackets at the center.
The man pulled out the chair. His date sat down. He pushed her chair in. She thanked him for his kindness. He assured her that she was welcome.
Sally liked soda pop. But she didn't like the health aspects of it. So she started drinking seltzer water. But now she burps all the time. Her friends call her seltzer Sally now.
Henry decided he wanted to go to an aerospace museum. He researched local museums until he found one he was interested in. He begged his mother to take him to it. They hopped into the car and drove to the museum. Henry's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever.
Amy decided to open the curtains and let light into the house. She pulled back one of the curtains on her bedroom window. The nail holding the curtain rod fell, the curtains on the floor. Amy looked and looked, but was unable to locate the nail. Amy decided to leave the curtains down and enjoy the sun.
Henry attended his Biochemistry class for the first time. He didn't do very well for the first exam due to anxiety issues. However, he never tried seeking tutoring or help. He also continued his ordinary study habits. He ended up failing the next two exams and eventually the class.
Max has never known how to play golf. However, he believes it will be beneficial to golf with clients. Max takes golfing lessons every day for three Years to prepare. Now he plays golf with all of his most important clients. Max is very happy he learned to play golf.
There has been a lot of trash accumulating in my car. I decided to clean it all out today. While I was cleaning it I found something interesting. It was a crisp one hundred dollar bill. I was very glad I cleaned my car and treating myself with the money.
My grandma and I were spending the weekend together. She was christian and wanted to take me to her church. On sunday morning, we left for church. We sat for hours and talked about the bible. After church, we went back home.
Ryan had just gotten a job. His mother was tire of bringing him to work. She told him to save for a car. Ryan saved up all his money. He was able to buy an old used pickup.
Sal loved pretzels with beer. He thought it was the perfect combination of flavors. During one football game he opened a bag of spicy pretzels. But he didn't know because of the football game. He pays attention to his pretzel eating now.
Ginny got pregnant after a night of unprotected sex. She had a baby girl in December and named her Sienna. The first night home from the hospital the baby woke up crying. Ginny went to Sienna's crib to check on her. She held Sienna in her arms to help her get back to sleep.
Ray takes a trip to paris. He has never been there before. He visits the Eiffel tower. He stays there for a week. It was the best trip he's ever taken.
Regina isn't happy with her backside. She feels it's flat and flabby. She has tried doing squats to improve her backside muscles. But squats isn't improving the muscles. So she has resorts to using some padded underwear with fake backsides.
Mike is a huge Star Wars fan. But he can't wait for the new Star Wars movie in December. He has terminal cancer and is not expected to live that long. His wife reaches out to the studio through Twitter. The director is kind enough to arrange a private viewing for Mike.
Tina told Stacy she would pick her up at eight. So Stacy waited outside right at eight the next day. A half hour passed and no Tina. Stacy was getting irritated. By the time Tina got there an hour had passed.
Alex had a date with his girlfriend at 8:00. He forgot about his date and agreed to meet a friend at 8:30. Alex didn't want to let either of them down. He went on his date at 8:00 but then ended it early. His girlfriend was shocked to see them at a bar a few doors down.
I went to the grocery store this morning. I used my cell phone to check the coupons in my account. When I got home, I couldn't find my cell phone. I called the store and someone had turned it in. I had to go back to the store, but was very glad to have my phone!
Janet had been working at her company for several Year's. After a co worker retired, they hired a new person to take their place. Janet did not get along with the new coworker. They constantly butted heads. However, eventually they came to an understanding and became friends.
Tony wanted to make a delicious dinner for his friends. At first he had trouble deciding what to cook. His grocer recommended the grill a fresh fish for them. He grilled a delicious bass fish and served it with wine. Tony was very proud of the dinner he made for his friends.
Sara needed a new car. She had been saving for a year. She finally had enough. She went to the car lot and found her dream car. She was excited she had saved enough to buy her first car.
Denise was feeling quite ill at work today. Denise decided to call her doctor and make an appointment. Denise was glad to hear the doctor could fit her in today. After the visit, Denise's doctor gave her his prognosis. Denise found out that she was 12 weeks pregnant!
Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality. He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom. It irritates me that I have to speak with him anything I leave. He has made me late for work and appointments. One day, I finally yell at him and I have not heard from him since.
Rick and Kim decided to take a trip. They booked a hotel. When they arrived at the hotel, they were surprised. It was gorgeous. They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it.
Allie loved balloons. She got a balloon for free the other day. She carried it everywhere. One day it got caught. It ended up popping.
I would walk by a beautiful flower everyday on my way to work. It seemed to become more vibrant with each passing day. One day, I noticed that it was limp. Finally, the flower died. I realized that all good things must come to an end.
Serena was shopping at the mall all day. She was about to leave when she realized that her wallet was missing. She rushed inside and began searching everywhere for it. Soon the mall had closed before she could find it. She had to wait the entire weekend to get her wallet back.
Tom was at the movies with friends. They picked a random flick to watch. It was terrible. Tom's friends wanted to ask for their money back. Tom was too embarrassed to ask.
The Johnson family took family photos every year. They would wear matching outfits and everything. They would fly in the whole family from all over the country. Just to put the picture on a Christmas card. As the family continued to grow though it stopped fitting on a card.
Chuck was not earning enough at his job to support his family. He had a long commute and wasn't getting enough hours or pay. He didn't know what to do until he got a call from a friend. His friend's company wanted to hire him and pay him more money. Chuck moved his family to Atlanta to take the new job.
A library was going out of business. They advertised their close. People came to buy the books. They bought them for real cheap. The library shut down.
Rick's kids were nine and eleven. He decided they were old enough to get an allowance. He wanted them to understand the value of money. He assigned them chores each week, then paid them for their work. In this way Rick's kids made money and learned the value of hard work!
Nina adored animals. She resolved to become a vegan. At first it was hard, but she was determined. Soon her cravings for meat and dairy lessened. After a while, she did not even miss animal products!
Jon had type 2 diabetes. He was trying really hard to get rid of it. He decided to go full vegan and only use herbal remedies. He felt better and better and kept up his herbal plan. Eventually, he got rid of his diabetes.
Laura was flossing her teeth. She was singing a song while doing it. She wasn't paying attention and cut her gums. She started to bleed quite a lot. She rinsed her mouth out with water.
Lisa lost her tooth yesterday. She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something. She got a dollar from the tooth fairy. Lisa was happy and went and bought candy with it. She couldn't wait to lose more.
Amy had finally accepted her crush Ray wasn't interested in her. In class she sat next to her and began to speak to her. Amy wasn't able to muster much interest. She stared at her phone instead. Ray seemed disappointed, but Amy couldn't care less.
While walking through my home, I noticed it was messy. I picked up all of my kid's toys off the floor. I then cleaned up all of the trash. After that, I vacuumed the carpet. I put away the vacuum and felt happy about the cleanliness.
Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy. She was only one month from due date and still growing. Her belly distended so much that she could not possibly see her feet. She asked the sales agent to help her try on the shoes in the store. She decided to buy the shoes, upon the recommendations of the agent.
Lenny was baking cookies. But he was disappointed in how they turned out. They were paper thin and crumbly. He decided to mix them with vanilla ice cream. And he felt better that his cookies had some use.
Eric loved breakfast. He always wanted eggs over easy. He always ended up getting eggs over medium instead. He went to an expensive restaurant with great reviews to get it right. When they brought out his food it was finally the perfect egg.
Kristin was the laziest worker at the office. Doug often had to work extra hours to compensate for her laziness. Doug got tired of working harder for the same pay. Doug quit the office job, and got a better one. With Kristin, and without Doug, the office floundered.
Evan is a baby. He will not stop crying. His mother decided to sing to him. He loved it. Finally, he stopped crying.
Seth was on a boy scout camping trip. Unlike his fellow scouts, Seth was not good with making a fire. Everyone had to make a fire on the trip, and it was Seth's turn. He kept making mistakes and could not make the fire. The scoutmaster was very understanding and helped Seth make the fire.
Fiona wanted to bake some cookies for her daughter. Her daughter invited several friends over to help. They decided to bake chocolate chip, peanut butter, and sugar cookies. Fiona and the kids made dozens upon dozens of cookies for hours. They each ate at least three of each kind when they were done.
Joel sat down at his teacher's desk extremely nervous and jittery. It was his first day teaching first grade and he didn't know anyone. He made a few jokes to break the tension and some kids laughed. Relieved, he took out his teaching material from his bag. He went to the whiteboard and wrote his name to start the day.
I was watching a LLWS game on ESPN. They switched the game to ESPN News. I could not find that channel on my tv. My wife found it after looking at the internet. It was very confusing.
Pablo wanted to make a painting. Pablo was no good at painting. He tried everything that he could to get better. Nothing seemed to help him. Pablo decided to quit painting to start sculpting clay.
Fred was cooking hamburgers at the barbecue. He told everyone how good his hamburgers were while turning them. Suddenly a flock of birds flew over his house. And the hamburgers were covered in bird droppings. Fred, disappointed, ordered hamburgers for everyone.
Eric had a really bad headache. He had only gotten a few hours of sleep the night before. He decided to make himself a cup of coffee. The caffeine energized him and gave him energy. Eric's headache went away with the help of the coffee.
Greg was usually a good kid who stayed out of trouble. One day, his friend invited him to a party. At the party, there was beer. All the kids were underage. The party got busted by police and Greg got grounded.
Tom recently got a raise at work. He always wanted to buy a new boat. He decided to finally go through with it. Right after he got the boat his company fell apart. Tom had to return it soon after.
Tom was at the metal shop. He was near a machine. Tom wore loose clothes at work. The machine caught a piece of his shirt. It ripped it right off of him and hurt him in the process.
Mary was buying a pair of shoes for her daughter. Her daughter wasn't with her. Mary bought the size of shoes she thought would fit. The shoes didn't fit her daughter. Mary had to return her shoes to the store.
I was up last night playing video games. Now I have to take a quiz that I didn't study for. I'm not sure how I am going to pass the quiz. I just guess the answers on the quiz. Somehow I pass the quiz.
Kelly was painting her nails on her couch. She used a bright pink color. Yet when Kelly was painting them, she spilled. The color went on the couch. Kelly was mad that she spilled.
The news anchor said that a house was burglarized in our neighborhood. The burglar was a high school kid. The kid was looking for money to buy drugs. The police found the kid and arrested him. All of the items that he stole were returned to the owner.
I decided to make oatmeal for breakfast. I put the package of oats in a bowl. I added a cup of boiling water to it. I let it sit for 5 minutes. And finally, I got to eat it.
Arnold went to see a photo exhibit in a gallery in New York. He asked a woman which photo was her favorite photo. She liked a photo of a man and woman hugging and smiling. He told her that was his favorite photo too. They agree, at that moment they fell in love with each other.
It is Eli's birthday. He is having a party at a gymnastics place. He invites all his classmates. Only two of his friends show up at the party. Eli is sad that his friends did not come.
Danielle was a healthy girl. But one day she found herself extremely tired. She went to the Doctor who asked a lot of questions. He thought she might be pregnant and ordered blood tests. Results showed that she was not pregnant but she had anemia.
Today is Gail's 50th Birthday. Her friends have been planning a surprise party for weeks. Gail had no idea that her friends planned a party. When she walked into the room it was dark and quiet. When everyone yelled out Birthday greetings Gail was very startled!
I got a degree in Dietetics after years of hard work. I tried very hard, and made the dean's list in school. After 2 years, I took a hiatus, and was homeless for a while. Eventually, I found someone to live with, and continued trying. It took a total of 6 years, but I finally finished school.
Todd was trying to grill some burgers one day. His grill was cheap and was producing a ton of smoke. Soon his neighbors came out complaining about the smell. Todd reluctantly put out the flame on his grill. He decided he'd have to wait until he had a better grill.
I was wearing a long pair of pants. It was very hot outside. I started to sweat a lot. I went inside the house. I changed into some shorts.
The city was holding a Christmas light competition. Edgar wanted to enter and win the prize money. He spent three days working on some extravagant lights. When they were ready he entered the contest. Luckily, he ended up winning the prize.
It was approaching time for finals. I was worried, as I needed a B to pass the class. I gathered the notes I had and settled down to study. It was slow going, and I ended up pulling an all nighter. The day of the test I was tired, but confident that I was ready.
The kids dad told them it was time to clean up. They kept on playing instead. When their dad came back he wasn't pleased. Their dad gave both of them a stern talk. Afterwards the kids stopped playing and cleaned up.
A couple of months ago we got 10 ducks. They were so small then that I could fit 3 in the palm of my hand. They are Muscovy ducks, so they grew very quickly. They are supposed to get to around 10 pounds. Already it takes both arms to pick one up!
Tim had a dog who loved his ball. Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time. One time time Tim through the ball and it went down a storm drain. The dog and Tim tried to get the ball but couldn't reach it. Tim bought his dog a new ball so they could play again.
Laura needed a new computer. She went and purchased a new machine. She got a MacBook. All of the sudden it stopped working. She had to return it.
Reid loved his dog. He bought her some fresh, organic dog food. The dog refused to eat it. Reid was upset that he had wasted $60. He decided to switch back to the cheap stuff.
Tim was eating alone in the cafeteria. He was lonely. He thought he would never make any friends. He then felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Jim, who wanted to invite Tim to eat with his friends.
Tim and Juan were playing putt putt. They were at the 17th hole and the score was even. Juan really wanted to win. Tim missed a putt, so he had a chance. Then Juan missed the same putt so they tied.
Tanya was home to see her mother. They decided to go on a shopping trip. Tanya and her mother both really enjoyed shopping. They spent all that day going from store to store. Tanya and her mother and a wonderful time shopping.
A student ran around the classroom. He yelled at the other students. The teacher spoke to him calmly. He began to calm down. The student learned a lot.
Karen and her friend went to the park. They played on the monkey bars. A classmate challenged Karen to a race across the monkey bars. He did not know that Karen and her friends often played on the bars. Karen won the race.
Jack hated his teachers. He didn't appreciate the way they taught. He wished they would reach out to him to teach him. Ironically he decided to teach so other kids wouldn't struggle. Now he is helping kids who would otherwise hate learning too.
The squirrel climbed down the tree. The squirrel looked around the yard. There were no dogs. The squirrel chewed on some grass. The squirrel climbed back up the tree.
I was building a dresser. I had several tools to help. I noticed I was missing some screws. I went into the garage. I found some extra screws.
My girlfriend died from a car accident. I felt like I could not be happy ever again. For months, I did not smile or feel joy. Eventually, I decided to see a therapist. After years of therapy, I was able to let go of the past and be happy.
One day Johnny was riding his bike. A car hit Johnny. Johnny was rushed to the hospital. Johnny healed after a few weeks. Johnny is happily riding his bike again.
Lola was planning to go to the beach with her husband. Lola told her relatives that she would go to the beach. Lola's aunt told her that she would also come. However, Lola and her husband had a fight before the trip. Lola felt very bad that she couldn't realize her plans.
Tim hated carrots. His mom urged him to try one. She cooked it and put brown sugar on it. Tim took a tiny nibble. He decided carrots weren't so bad after all!
My wife went food shopping after work. She bought fish and tartar sauce. It was dark by the time she got home. When she started cooking she found the tartar sauce had expired. She will let the store manager know about their inefficiency tomorrow!
Randy wasn't a generous guy, and he liked showing off. He purchased a million dollar duplex and threw a family bar-b-que. His cousin Chuck was impressed with the real estate purchase. But Chuck didn't like how Randy acted conceited over the purchase. Randy wouldn't share any financial expertise so Chuck left.
Macy was afraid of her boss's temper. She was assigned a project for which she lacked time to complete. Macy came into work on the day that the project was due. Macy's boss started to yell at her in front of her co-workers. Macy decided to hand in her resignation the next day.
I had to go to school. I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone. I turned my head and saw my dog chewing my pencil. I scolded him and took the pencil back. Alas, my dog ate half of the pencil and was sick for two days!
Jerry was always made fun of at work. One day he suggested some ideas to his coworkers and no one cared. His coworkers then proceeded to make fun of him for being stupid. Later that day, Jerry got a huge promotion. He now gets to tell those coworkers what to do.
Lisa wanted everything to be so perfect she forgot about herself. It was her mother-in-law's birthday party. Lisa cleaned the whole house and decorated the patio. Then she dressed her kids and made her husband were nice clothes. Then the guests showed up and Lisa was in sweats with messy hair.
Dan and his wife moved to a new country and were scared. Dan decided to find a club for new people to the country. After time Dan and his wife became more comfortable. Dan and his wife then met new friends and things really improved. Dan was glad they joined the club for new people.
The kids heard a sound. They turned around and saw a badger walking towards them. They scrambled out of the woods. The badger began chasing them! They ran until they reached their front porch.
Susie decided to make pies for her mom. She got all the ingredients together. When she took them out they looked great. She had a taste. It was wonderful and she handed them to her mom.
Katie never flew a kite before. Katie's friend Larry was going to show her how. Katie bought a bright pink kite for her lesson. Larry showed Katie how to fly the kite at the park. Katie was so excited that she learned to fly a kite.
My husband and I decided to go hiking for our anniversary trip. Unfortunately, I got food poisoning during the middle of it. I had to use the bathroom several times. All I had with me was a bottle of water and a laminated trail map. Cleaning up with those items just isn't feasible, let me tell you.
James had always wanted to write a book. He decided to start trying to write one. At first it was hard to think of subject to write about. However, he finally began writing. James was happy to be writing a book.
When I was leaving a friends house I saw a nice fan by the dumpster. It was missing the base but looked good so I took it home. I plugged it in and it worked fine so I built a base for it. I found out the remote for my other fan works with this fan too. Now I can keep cool with two fans blowing on me.
Jake had always wanted to learn to play the guitar. Jake saved up and bought a new guitar with the money. Jake was excited to learn how to play. Jake found it very hard to play as well as he would like. He quickly got frustrated and gave up, he ended up selling his guitar.
Ivan was a professional dog walker, and he worked often. His least favorite dog to walk, was a nasty dog named Spike. The dog often chased Ivan around the house, trying to bite him. Eventually Ivan realized he was still doing his job, just differently. The dog was getting exercised by running after Ivan every visit!
The Smith family was going on vacation out of town for a week. They did not want to pay to kennel their four dogs. Their daughter's boyfriend loved the family dogs. The asked him to stay at their home and take care of the dogs. He was able to watch the dogs and they enjoyed their vacation.
I purchased peanut butter from the store. I decided to have a quick snack. I open the peanut butter jar and the seal was broken. You can tell someone has been in it. I return the peanut butter for a refund.
The Browns planned a trip to the Bahamas six months ago. The day to leave was finally here and they were excited. They couldn't keep still on the long flight over. It started a light drizzle on the shuttle ride to their hotel. By the time they check in, a full monsoon ripped through the island.
My cousin called me while I was at work. She told me that she recently found out that she's pregnant. I left work early to go comfort her. However, my sister talked to me about her during the next day. She said that my cousin was faking the results.
Kate's friends were all coming over. She was having her birthday party! They all brought gifts. Kate couldn't wait to open them. She ripped into the biggest one right away.
Walking on a California beach I came upon a jellyfish. He was stranded on the beach. He was still alive. His tentacles were twitching pathetically. It hurt when I picked him up to throw him in the water.
The new puppy slept all day. Then she whined all night. Mother said the puppy was confused about day and night. I tried to keep the puppy awake during the day with playtime. But, she still whined all night.
Andy comes home with bruises after his first day of school. His parents ask him what happened. He tells his parents he stood up to kids who were bullying other kids. So Andy's parents call the parents of the bullies and talk to them. There are no more problems at school after that.
Tim bought a new pair of socks. They were comfortable at first. Over time his feet got itchy. He had to take them off. His feet had an allergic reaction to them.
Cal was visiting his mom at the nursing home. The staff had moved Cal's mom to another room. Cal didn't know she had been moved. Cal walked into her old room. He was confused and had to ask the nurses where his mother was.
Lydia went to church and prayed in front of the altar. A priest came in and sat beside her. He asked if she had been there before. She said many years ago. He then told her to leave because only churchgoers could come inside.
Wilson loved camels a lot. One day, he decided to see one in real life. Wilson found an airplane that was going to a desert. Wilson quickly jumped onto the airplane. After that, Wilson was able to see a camel in real life.
Carley was engaged for two years. She was planning the perfect wedding. On the big day it rained. She was so upset. She realized some things you can't plan for.
Susan loves to take photographs of her family. She takes so many photos that she wears out the camera. In a span of seven years she has gone through 12 cameras. With her new camera that makes 13 and over 20,000 photographs. Susan loves her cameras.
John notices that the tires on his truck are worn out. He decides it is time to change them. John buys four new tires and puts them on his truck. Now he no longer has worn out tires. John feels great about his new tires.
Frank could not sleep. He tried everything besides sleeping pills. Frank didn't have any. He stood up for several hours till he finally slept. John woke up late.
Tom's wife's sister lived with him. She didn't pick up after herself. She didn't pay any rent. Tom's wanted to kick her out. His wife wouldn't let him.
My husband and I have been itching bug bites like crazy. We couldn't figure out what it was from. Then we got a flea collar for the cat. After a few days our bites went away. We haven't been bitten since.
Gabe went to a cafe and ordered coffee. When he payed, the cashier accidentally gave him a $50 bill as change. Gabe felt tempted to keep the money. But as he thought about it further, he began to felt guilty. After some delay, Gabe returned the $50 bill to the cashier.
Lacy and Molly were in a store. Lacy saw Molly put a tube of lipstick in her pocket. Lacy didn't want to get in trouble for stealing so she left. Lacy found out later that Molly had been arrested for shoplifting. Lacy stopped hanging out with Molly.
The official announced to everyone that there's one round left. The contestants took out their bow and arrow. They aimed it towards the target. Once all of the shots were fired, most of them fell off the target. Sam's target managed to hit the center of the target.
Kate decided that she and Bailey should host a party. She figured they could just do it at their house. Bailey vacuumed while Kate dusted. They put up lots of pretty decorations. Their friends came over for their awesome party!
Jake had dated his girlfriend for a few months. He had heard rumors of her cheating. He was too shy to confront her. After a while Jake asked his friends. His friends verified that Jake's girlfriend had cheated.
Sally just started middle school. She was was a new student too. One day she got very confused about her schedule. She ended up at the wrong lunch. Luckily she made a friend who helped her figure out things.
My cloudbook has tinny speakers. My son had gotten me a high quality computer speaker. I tried to plug it in but the jack would not fit. I downloaded the computer manual to find an adapter. I found out I was putting the jack into the wrong hole!
Perry won a raffle to take a half court shot worth $10,000. Perry constantly practiced his shot at the local basketball court. Perry was nervous on the day of the event. Perry only had one chance to make the shot. Perry was excited that she made the shot.
It was a hot day. Fred wanted water balloons. So he filled some up. Then he threw them at his friends. They had a large fight.
Riley really wanted a cell phone. Her parents decided that she would have to earn it. Riley worked hard in school and at home. She made the honor roll and always completed her chores. Her parents bought her a phone and she was so happy.
Susan has never worn glasses before. She noticed that her vision was getting worse. So she decided to get her eyes check. Sure enough, the doctor prescribed her a pair of glasses. Now she can finally see better.
Melba was a pianist who really knew her instrument well. She could play just about every song known to man. One day she decided to get her piano tuned. When the piano tuner left Melba sat down to play. She almost fell off the seat when that hammer fell onto the keyboard!
The apartment was hot. The man was desperate to cool it. He left the freezer open. It stopped working. He had to replace the freezer.
Kelly had her birthday party at her house yesterday. Everything was going just fine. However her power went out. All the guests then had to leave. The party was a disaster.
Mike forgot his girlfriend's birthday. The birthday is tomorrow. He ended up telling her he forgot. She did not mind. They went to a restaurant.
Danny had never drank alcohol before. He pretended to have at his first party. He didn't know his limit. He wound up throwing up and passing out. His friends had to carry him home.
Kay's car was getting old. One day she arrived at work and began rolling up her windows. The driver door window got stuck half way up. Kay tried, and tried but the window would not go up. After 10 minutes she was forced to leave it down or be late to work.
I went to the olympics in 2012. I went with some family members. We had a really great time walking around and watching the events. We all thought London was such a pretty city. We think we'll go back again next summer.
My family bought a bucket of fried chicken to the beach. My brother took a chicken leg from the bucket. Several seagulls noticed. They flew towards him. When my brother noticed, he ran away.
Lola had made a huge mess her in room. Her mom yelled that she needed to clean it up immediately. It took her four hours but it was finally clean. She invited friends over that evening. They made it just as messy again!
Frank had a hot date last night. He made reservations at a really great restaurant. When they arrived, the restaurant said they'd lost the reservations. Frank was furious! His date said he should just take her home.
Eric bought a new game. It was a game he has been waiting for for a year. He starts to play it. The game doesn't work. He throws it away.
Ken went to the park to walk around. He needed to clear his head. The air was crisp and the mood was lazy. Ken enjoyed walking on the soft grass. It helped him get in a better state of mind.
Micah hated her job but had no choice due to her education. She had to go every morning at six am to serve coffee. She was a barista at Starbucks and she hated the clientele. One day she was having a bad day and one of the regulars noticed. He laughed, Micah had had enough so she quit her job and went home.
We went to the aquarium at Epcot. We were trying to figure out what everyone was viewing. There were two giant manatees in a tank. They were throwing them heads of lettuce. It was one of the coolest things to see.
When I was in school I loved sitting in the back row. I could get away with so much more back there. My friends and I were so far away from the teacher. Then in eighth grade I needed glasses. I then had to sit up in the front row so I could see the board.
On my Mom's birthday she got a new blender. I made her a smoothie and while washing it I broke. I was so devastated and embarrassed. As soon as I saved enough I bought her a new blender. My mother was very happy.
There was an old submarine on exhibit at the museum. Jake saw it and ran over. He was so excited, he loved submarines. He was able to walk inside and look at all the insides of the sub. Jake was very happy that day.
The family wanted to take a vacation to Florida. On the way they stopped near a strawberry farm. They were allowed to pick as many as they could carry. The family picked 2 pounds of delicious strawberries. They ate them in the car on their way to their destination.
Tom was putting gas. He noticed they had dying towers for cheap. Tom bought them and tried reviving them a bit. He gave them to his girlfriend as a random gift. She loved the sentiment.
Raul had a best friend named Jimmy. Raul always walked home with Jimmy after school. One day, Jimmy wasn't waiting outside for him. Raul became nervous, and went to look for Jimmy. Raul was relieved when he saw Jimmy was just leaving school.
Ike was hungry one afternoon. He saw a diner along the side of the road. He went inside and ordered a hamburger with the works. The cook told Ike they didn't sell hamburgers. Ike left wondering how a place like Burger Land didn't sell burgers.
Emily loved clothes and fashion. Her parents urged her to study something serious. They told her clothes and fashion wouldn't pay her bills! But after school, Emily proved them both wrong. She got an excellent job working as a fashion designer!
Sally knew that something was wrong with the washing machine. Her clothes were still full of soap after the final rinse. Annoyed, Sally rinsed everything by hand in the bathtub. Later, her husband admitted to turning off the cold water connection. The hose was leaking and he forgot to tell her.
Tom could no longer see out of his spectacles. He went to the optometrist. The eye doctor ran many tests. He issued Tom a new prescription and glasses. Tom left with the new glasses.
Dani dad criticizes her weight constantly before summer ended. She tried everything to stop her from eating so much. Dani knows that obesity runs in her family causing sickness. Dani goes to school the following week and joins Soccer. She starts conditioning and loses weight and her father is proud.
Heather likes pizza. She ordered a pizza from a local pizzeria. The pizza had a cockroach on it. Heather vomited and returned the pizza. Heather doesn't like pizza as much any more.
Sam made himself a nice hot cup of coffee. He set his mug on his desk. All of a sudden his mug cracked. Coffee spilled everywhere. The coffee ended up destroying Sam's work laptop.
Nancy was swimming in the ocean. She saw a large fin rise from the water. She got scared and tried to swim as fast as she can to the shore. Jenny had to help her get up since she had breathing problems. Terry rose from the water, with the toy fin on his head.
Belinda was invited to her cousin's birthday party. However, on the day of the party, Belinda got sick. Belinda was very sad that she could not go to the party. Belinda's cousin heard that she was sick, and decided to visit her. Belinda was touched that her cousin came to see how she was feeling.
Jack was having his picture day on school Monday. Jack wasn't feeling well that day. He didn't go to school. He wasn't able to take his picture. Jack didn't appear in that year's yearbook.
Charlotte was relaxing at the park. She saw a man rush past and steal a woman's purse. The police arrived at the scene. Charlotte walked over to the police. She gave a statement of what she saw happen.
The weatherman was calling for a 95% chance of snow. So Billy decided he was not going to study for his math test. When he woke up in the morning he felt a little nervous. What if he had school because it hadn't snowed. Fortunately when he looked out the window the ground was covered.
I am very good at branding my name. I started out with only $50 million when I was 20 years old. Now I have amassed $10 billion through selling my brand. I put my brand name on buildings, water and steaks. I even have my own brand of clothing, but I don't wear it myself.
Tom was a mixed martial artist. He had a fight coming up. He wanted to be technical and win. The audience got him pumped up. It turned into a slugfest instead.
My lips were bleeding. I was at school. I had on a coat. A kid zipper up my zipper. My lip was stuck in the zipper.
Ella really wanted a kitten. She begged her parents to get her one. Finally, they acquiesced. But the kitten scratches and made a mess everywhere! Ella realized she should have thought harder about getting a kitten.
Betty took a walk along the beach. While looking for shells, something shiny caught her eye. Betty found a bottle! In the bottle was an old photograph. Betty took her new keepsake home to show her mother.
Yesterday I got engaged. My boyfriend had proposed by the lake. I was so excited. I immediately ran to tell my friends. Everyone was thrilled.
Ann's boyfriend asked her to dinner. She was so thrilled. She thought he was going to propose to her! But instead, he dumped her. Ann was heartbroken!
Agnes waited ten minutes in the waiting area for her doctor. She grew impatient when she was not called to see the doctor. Agnes rescheduled her appointment for the following day. The doctor was even busier the next day. Impatient Agnes ended up waiting much longer than ten minutes.
Tony was a world-class surfer. He entered a surfing competition in Hawaii. One the day of the competition, the waves were very harsh. He wasn't sure he could make it, but he finished the contest. He didn't place, but he was glad for the opportunity to compete.
Carolina moved to Chicago after college. She rented a room from a friend and searched for jobs. After many weeks she had an interview with a tech company. Knowing a lot about technology, Carolina aced her interview. She was extremely excited to learn she got the job.
I decided take a trip to Malaysia. I boarded the flight. It seemed to be going well until I realized I forgot my wallet. I arrived in Malaysia with no money. Luckily, the embassy helped me secure emergency funds!
Wendy worked in the ER of Saint Thomas More hospital. Many people would come in with trivial complaints. Their children might have a bug bite or the slightest of fevers. Wendy felt herself growing more and more detached. She hated they'd buy cigarettes instead of medicine for theirs kids.
I raced my rival in track yesterday. I ran as fast as I could, but so did he. In the end, I couldn't beat him. It was a good race, and he congratulated me after. I will not lose to my rival next time.
Kimberly loves to travel every time she's vacant. One day she decided to take an adventure trip. She tried climbing on a high mountain. Then after that she tried swimming under water. While she's under water, she saw a lot of different fishes.
Eric was a sleepwalker. He had been sleep walking since he could remember. One night he slept over at a girls house and didn't warn her. She didn't lock her door and he didn't put on clothes. He was shocked when awoke and was nude in a neighbor's front lawn.
The survey was longer than advertised. It took about 20 minutes to complete. She was getting frustrated. It wasn't worth the pay. She ended up returning it.
The first guy that ever proposed marriage to me, was Arnold. He was very handsome, smart, athletic, worldly, and a lot of fun. We lived together in a condo in Dallas before he took a job in NYC. I was driving home from work when I received an email from a girl. She had been dating Arnold for 3 months, so we both broke up with him!
My boss kept forgetting to bring me my paycheck. I was almost out of money. I called him to tell him I needed it. He finally brought it to me. Unfortunately, the bank was closed, so I had to wait to cash it.
Manny was looking for a flashlight. He was checking the most random drawers and shelves. Suddenly, he found a junk stash of his dad's. He spotted an old Gameboy game his dad had taken away. He was so excited to play the old game again.
The town's bread truck driver was very eccentric and called Bread Boy. He decided to paint his truck bright yellow. The Bread Boy went to the hardware shop for paint. He purchased 4 gallons of bright yellow paint. He tried to pay for it in bread, but was ultimately refused.
Bill was a very hard worker. He had been at his job for 5 years. Bill was up for a promotion. It was between him and one other employee. Bill got the promotion for being such a loyal hard worker.
Dan loved to surf. Dan decided he would take his surfboard and go to the beach. Upon arrival, Dan saw several other surfers in the water. Dan decided that the beach was to crowded, and went home. Dan was disappointed he would not get to surf today.
I hate going on an airplane. My ears acts up when I am flying. I can barely hear anything. My ears hurt and I get mad. It is satisfying when the plane lands and my ears pop.
Christmas was only two weeks away, but Jenny still needed a few gifts. What should she make for her nine cousins? Not candy - last year's caramels became a horrible sticky mess. A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect, she decided. When it was done, she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift!
I recently attended a wine tasting at a local winery. We received 6 tastes of wine for ten dollars. The first wine I had was delicious! My other five tastes were of the same wine. I went home with a full case of that same Merlot.
Jeff is very sick this morning. He called off for work so he can sleep. His boss asked him to work from home if he can. Jeff took a bunch of medicine and turned on his laptop. He started to feel a little better and got to work.
Kelly decided to be in a pumpkin carving contest. She decided to carve her favorite actor. After the contest, she won. Kelly was so happy. She won a prize.
A man was angry at the local government about his tax rate. He took a pick ax to the road to get revenge. The road was soon covered in potholes. A car tried to drive through and flattened all four tires. The man laughed and told the motorist to bill the town.
Richard needed special shoes as he had a foot slightly deformed. It took him a long time to find a new pair. When he finally found one, he celebrated by going to the fair. He went on a roller coaster that turned upside down. But before the ride was over, one of Richard's shoe fell and he swore!
The dancers had choreographed their routine. They were performing for the first time today. They knew they were well prepared. When it was time to take the stage, they were excited. They performed flawlessly!
The dog waited patiently at the door. The woman reached out to open it. The dog got excited and pushed it open. She wanted to go get a doggie snack. She then fell asleep on the sofa.
Steve has an English test. He has been studying all week. On the day of the test, he became very nervous. Steve forgot all he studied. He ended up making a terrible grade.
A woman was a racial minority. She was forced to sit in the back of the bus. She decided that she didn't like that. She went to sit in the front of the bus. She changed history forever.
Amy planted an orange tree in her backyard last year. She watered it every day. Amy trimmed and cared for the tree. Amy's first orange blossomed last week. She was glad to see her hard work pay off.
Tom was playing golf with his boss. Tom didn't want to look bad. He made sure to let his boss win. Tom's boss told him he knew what he was doing. He wasn't very happy about it.
I heard an odd sound outside. It sounded like a million bees were buzzing! I ran outside to look for the source of the noise. A man next door was using a loud leaf-blower. I felt foolish for thinking that I heard bees.
Kate was on a trip driving to Las Vegas with friends. They had finally reached the desert. That meant they were getting close to Vegas. Kate was so excited she almost let out a little squeal. But she didn't want to wake anyone so she just smiled big instead.
Shantel was a Tupperware consultant when she was 20 years old. She was a consultant for 5 years and accumulated a lot of pieces. Her kitchen was filled with Tupperware that it overwhelmed her. She had no space in her kitchen and needed to get rid of some pieces. So she had a garage sale and sold all of her Tupperware and made $500.
Carl was set to win the big race over the weekend. He was an elite track star with a bright future. At the big race he tripped within the first few meters. It tore his tendons apart and took him out of the raise. Now he's not sure if he'll be able to competitively run again.
The boy hid in the woods. His dad looked for him. It started to get dark. His dad got worried. His dad searched frantically for his son.
Angela noticed a huge spider on her bedroom wall. She hated spiders and didn't want to go near it. She called her neighbor, and he came over and killed the spider. Her neighbor laughed at her for being afraid, but Angela didn't mind. She was just glad the spider was dead!
I was on a flight last night that took forever. I really needed to get home. The plane ride was ten hours. When we landed it was another hour sitting in the plane. When I got home I was relieved.
Renee's best friend was moving away to college. The two of them had promised to hang out all the time still. Renee's best friend ended up hardly ever being able to hang out. Renee was super upset to be ditched by her friend so often. Renee eventually made new friends.
I turned on my notebook this morning. It could not find the wi-fi. I turned on my desktop and got an internet connection by hard wire. I checked and found my router's antennas were loose. After I tightened the antennas the notebook connected with wi-fi.
A man waited in line to buy a lottery ticket. Hit got to the front of the line and handed over his money. The cashier gave him his ticket to fill out. The man used his birthday to select numbers. The man put the ticket in his pocket and walked out the door.
Oliver and Maggie went to get burgers. They each ordered their preferred burgers. Oliver also ordered a shake and fries. They went and sat down to wait. Finally, their food was ready.
Gabriel had a ferret. He let his friend hold the ferret. The ferret bit his friend. Gabriel told him it was the friend's fault. The friend was very upset with Gabriel.
Neil had tried to see the Loch Ness Monster on his trip to Scotland. But he had not been able to find it! Sadly, he asked locals about it. To his surprise, they laughed! They said they did not believe in the monster at all!
Today was very hot and humid. It was so hot the city put out a heat alert. Thunder showers were predicted for today. Our cat just heard thunder and ran under the bed. She will not come out until the storm is over.
Carla bought a new couch off the internet. When it was delivered she was very excited. It fit perfectly in the living room where her old couch had been. That evening Carla was looking forward to watching TV. She sat down in the couch and it was so comfortable she fell asleep.
Ricky had always wanted to learn to tie a bowtie. He tried many times, but could not get it right. Finally Ricky asked his friend for advice on tying one. Ricky's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying. Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie.
Amy had a crush on Ray. She enjoyed seeing him in class everyday. But it was Friday and a holiday weekend. Amy suggested to Ray he call her over the weekend. She gave him her number and was confident she would hear from him.
Bob was expecting a package in the mail. He waited patiently for weeks. One day he decided to call the post office. He spoke with the worker and was told that his package was lost! Bob was able to get a refund after making a complaint to the store.
I decided to quit my job and become a programmer. However, I didn't have any programming experience. I hired a tutor to teach me programming. After six months, I became an adept programmer. I was soon able to land a job as a front-end web developer.
My favorite band is the Beatles. The Yellow Submarine is one of my favorite songs. Unfortunately, my sister hates it. She took my Beatles CD and cracked it. She apologized, but I know she was not sincere.
A family decided to move. They packed everything up. They got in the moving truck. They drove across the country. They loved their new home!
Amanda wanted to plant a garden. She wanted something that would be low maintenance. After researching, she realized she could plant succulents. Succulents are easy to take care of. The succulent garden she planted looked great.
Karen had a strict teacher for her English class. Her teacher wanted them to use blue or black ink only. Karen wrote her paper in purple ink. The teacher took off a whole letter grade for the purple ink. Karen started using a blue pen.
Tom had a dog for a long time. One day he got a cat as a pet. At first the dog was a bit apprehensive. After a while they got along better. Tom's pets were inseparable.
The weather in Texas can be unpredictable. Many times there are droughts that cause damage to the outdoors. One such drought devastated crops and dried up lakes. When there is a water shortage many people have to bring water in. This water can come from neighboring communities or far away.
Jerry had always been great at football. But in high school he sustained a knee injury and couldn't play. As an adult Jerry volunteered as a football coach in his community. Jerry found satisfaction and fulfillment through this work. Jerry still harbored a secret longing to play the game himself.
Doug got laid off his job. He struggled to find work. He decided to become a stay at home dad. He really loved the time with his kids. He loves the new family time.
It was night outside. I pulled out my telescope. My son and I looked through it. We searched the stars. We found the planet Jupiter.
I was at the mall yesterday to find the perfect dress. As soon as I walked into Ann Taylor my eyes found the perfect one. The dress was gold and red and absolutely stunning. I immediately took it and tried it on. The way the dress fit was amazing and I immediately purchased it.
My parents bought me a brand new sled. I was going to have so much fun in the snow. When I was on the sled, I crashed into a tree. The sled was busted into several pieces. Luckily, my parents helped me put it back together.
Ken was sad to learn that his favorite restaurant had closed for good. He started looking for another Chinese restaurant to take its place. After some Internet research, Ken realized there weren't any nearby. He decided to try an Italian place he had never been to. He was happy to find it was even better than his former favorite.
Sam went to get money from the ATM. He tried to get twenty dollars out. It said he got the money but the machine never gave any out. Sam had to go to the bank and have them correct the issue. They looked over the video and gave him what he was owed.
Francisco thought he was the best fighter at school. He challenged one boy to fight after school every day. One day he wanted to fight the smallest boy in his school. The small boy reluctantly accepted his challenge. Francisco was defeated so easily that he never fought again.
Tim wanted to drive badly. He attended a driving school. There, they taught him how to drive well. Then he went to take his road test. He passed it on the very first try!
Faith was learning to play the piano. She had practiced for her lesson all week long. Her teacher was very excited to see how well Faith was playing. In the first song Faith missed a couple of notes but not too many. Her teacher was pleased and this encouraged Faith to keep practicing.
Franklin wanted to send a birthday card to his grandmother. He colored a picture on a piece of paper. He wrote a nice birthday message to his grandmother. He folded the paper and sealed it in an envelope. Franklin dropped the envelope into the mailbox.
He told himself to go up to her and go for it. He went over and made some small talk first. Then he asked if she wanted to go out the next weekend. She told him she would but she was already seeing someone. He told her that did him no good and they both laughed.
Tyrese was battling a addiction with heroin. He started doing it because of a wrong crowd. He decided to quit. He went to rehab. He got better in 3 months
I drove to the golf course I hit a few balls on the driving range I met the club pro He told me my form was terrible I didn't go back to that course again
Brandy was moving to new house. She was very excited. The new house wasn't very far from her old one. She would miss the old house. She really liked the new house.
Mother's day was approaching. Trina was searching through the card section for the perfect card. Even though most of the cards were nice, they were not good enough. Trina decided to buy a blank card. She knows her words will mean more than mass produced ones.
Jack had very large hands. He couldn't hold his game controller. It was very frustrating for him. Jack's friend, Trisha, was an electronics expert. She made a giant controller just for him.
Lewis had a interview with an exclusive private school yesterday. His parents drove him to the admissions office. When Lewis sat down the interviewer asked him numerous questions. It took about 20 minutes. By the time it was over he was relieved.
Jude owned his first car for two years. Unfortunately, the car had many problems. Once it broke down, there was no point in fixing it. Jude was upset because he had made many memories with the car. A few days later, he bought a new car to make new memories with.
Sam was walking around downtown. Someone handed him a flyer. It was to a show nearby. Sam decided to check it out. He wound up having a lot of fun there.
Peter came home to find his dog eating a chocolate bar. Upon searching online, he learned that it was very bad for dogs. Peter panicked and rushed the dog to the vet. The vet said the dog was going to be okay. Now Peter watches what food he leaves around.
Lynn and her friends were in her room laughing hard. They had been out until 3 AM, but no one knew. Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich, none the wiser. Lynn had never done anything so daring. She decided she would do it again tomorrow.
Henry wanted a cell phone for Christmas, nothing else. On Christmas morning there was only one box left to open. It was too big to be a phone. But when he opened it, there was a phone inside. His parents had used a big box so he couldn't guess what was inside.
In band we went to a ball game. At halftime we went to the concession stand. The director told us not to be late coming back. When we heard the music we started running. We got detention for being late.
Marty needed to clean his room. He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper. He took all of the dirty dishes to the kitchen. He picked up the trash and vacuumed the floor. His room was finally clean.
White wears contacts. As she was taking them out, she tore one. She had to throw it away. She called her doctor's office. They gave her a new pair.
Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.
Tom wanted to quit drinking. All his friends drank often. Tom knew he couldn't hang out with them anymore. He slowly stopped going out with them. It greatly helped him stop.
Kelsey was excited to have engagement photos taken. She had tons of fun during the long session. The next week she was ready to view the photos. To her distress, all of the photos looked awful. Luckily, her boyfriend convinced her that it was okay.
I am always concerned about my online business sales. I  really want to be prepared to move products this holiday season. I inventoried all the stock i plan to sell for Christmas. I discovered I had more than enough stock for the  holidays. Relieved about sales I decided to run a Black Friday Sale this year.
She sat resolutely in her house. She didn't know what to do with his things. She perused the items in his boxes sadly. Honestly, she wanted to just burn them all. She dumped them in a can in the yard and lit a match.
Howard was shopping for a new car. He found a model that he was interested in. His friend told him that the dealership would be marking down soon. Howard waited until the next month. He returned when the car was on sale to buy it.
The kids wanted to do something special for Mother's Day. They knew Mama wanted a vacation. The built a pretend airplane and flew her to Fiji. They had her lay down, made ocean noises and gave her a cold drink. She said it was the best vacation ever!
My mother sent me a text asking to talk. I called her, nervous about what she might want. She told me she'd found my old diary from childhood. She said she didn't know about a lot of the things that happened. She said it was my fault, and I hung up angrily.
I was playing guitar in my room. I bent the string for a vibrato effect. Suddenly, I felt a pop and a slap in the face. The guitar string broke, so I removed it from the guitar. I grabbed a replacement string and went back to playing.
Noela was asked to be a bridesmaid by her friend. She gladly accepted the title. Noela got to walk with a handsome man. The two of them hit it off at the reception. They exchanged numbers and stayed in touch.
Cherry and her friends wanted to go to the park. They packed up some stuff and grabbed a frisbee. They got to the park and started throwing the frisbee around. All of them were having a wonderful time. Afterwards they were all happy they went to the park that day.
Everyone in town was huddled around their televisions. The Olympics were on and the soccer team was playing for the gold. The team won and everyone cheered. It was a huge upset and they celebrated accordingly. They couldn't wait until the next Games!
Sally found a little mouse in a field one day. She caught it and fed it and petted it. The mouse seemed to like this and didn't try to escape. Her mom bought a cage for it and put it in the cage. They decided to keep it as a pet.
Jane wanted to learned chess. Jane read books on how to play. Jane played Eric in a game of chess and lost. Eric helped Jane get better at Chess. Jane eventually beat Eric at chess.
There was a crowd of people. They were watching the scene unfold. I was sitting on the lifeguard stand. Two police cars sped down the road. They were after someone who had sprinted into the woods.
Joe was sick and worried. he knew that his high school dance was only three days away. If he was still sick, his mom would not let him go! Then he began to feel better. By the night of the dance, he was well again!
Tim had been with Kathy for a year. He really loved her. He wanted to marry her. Tim asked for her hand in marriage. She said yes.
Arthur's sister had seen a stunning red cardinal outside. But Arthur had missed it. He waited and waited and watched out the window. Eventually it came back! Arthur was glad he had been patient to see the beautiful bird.
Donald became a new boss at his work. His colleagues were jealous. They did not like Donald. They decided to strike. They did not come to work next morning.
Amy was looking through her mother's old scrapbooks. She saw her mom with a man that looked really familiar. Her mom told her she dated him in high school. His name was Paul Shields. Amy realized her mother had dated her history professor.
Frieda set out to buy herself a car. She went to the lots and found them manipulative. She checked magazines and found them to be sell-outs. She listened to friends and found them to be biased. Frieda did her own research online, and made an informed purchase.
In some countries a cow is sacred. Unlike the United States they do not slaughter them. They look at the cow as a spiritual symbol. They even let them have the run of the town! When you are there cows are sleeping on the roads.
Travis invited his church to his house. He said they could have a potluck. No one agreed on what they would bring. Everyone showed up with a dessert! Travis laughed and started to eat a piece of pie.
I once had a pair of socks that were the most comfy in the world. I wore them every day because they were so comfy. Before long they began to smell. Eventually they got holes in them because I wore them so much. I ended up having to throw out my favorite socks because of the holes.
The tiny plastic heart was hanging from a chain. It was filled with pink glitter. The girl stared at it for a long time. She sprinkled a little into her hand. She spread it on her cheeks and called herself a princess.
Elizabeth used to rail against rap music. She would say that it was not really music. She avoided befriending fans of rap. One day a friend of hers played her a few rap songs. With hesitation Elizabeth admitted that she enjoyed them.
The campers went into the woods. They were collecting wood for a fire. When the fire was started, they gathered around. They told scary stores and made smores. They stayed up late because they were too afraid to sleep.
Nick and Jeffrey wanted to go into an old abandoned hospital one day. When they got there, there was a locked gate. They tried to climb over the gate. Suddenly, a security guard appeared and started yelling at them. Disappointed, they had to promise never to try to break in again.
Bette thinks the price of a cup of coffee is crazy. She used to be able to get a cup for fifty cents. Now it's upwards to two dollars. Bette bought a coffee maker for her home. Now she just mass her own cups of coffee.
Gina had been at her grandma's house for over a week. She had no idea when she would be returning. She wanted to call her friends to tell them when she would return. But her grandma didn't want her making long distance phone calls. Gina would need to buy a phone card to make the phone calls.
Whitney and Megan decided they wanted ice cream. They met at the local parlor. They loaded up their cups with different flavors. They added toppings. They love to get ice cream.
Jay had a job interview coming up. He needed to be ready for it. He went out to buy a new suit. He practiced his speaking skills. When the big day came, he was ready!
Carl woke up ready for a good day. He looked out his window and the sun was shining. The sunshine made him want to exercise. He put on his shoes and ate a quick breakfast. Then he went to the park and had a great day!
My school had a fundraising contest when I was five years old. Who ever sold the most candy would win a prize. I sold candy everyday after school till it got dark. I won the contest and was given a radio. The radio was too heavy for me so I dragged it all the way home.
Bo is an 11 year old boy who had autism. He usually eats lunch all alone. One day a few athletes visited his school during lunchtime. An athlete named Travis asked Bo if he could eat lunch with him. Bo agreed to let Travis eat lunch with him and he was no longer alone.
Bob had round glasses. His friends told him they were ugly. Bob decided to get new glasses. He went to the glasses store in the mall. He bought some stylish glasses.
Bray had always ridden his horse with a saddle. Then one day the saddle fell apart in his hands. Bray had to ride bareback! At first it was terrifying. But soon Bray got a feel for his beloved horse!
The girl made a dress. The dress was pretty. All her friends wanted one. She made each friend a dress of their own. He friends each wore the dress at the girl's wedding.
Jimmy was a smart kid with an internet connection. Jimmy liked to hack into his favorite video games. He would often get inspired by how they were made. Jimmy made a game out of scratch after learning to script. He sold his game for a pretty penny after its release.
Chris was an overweight kid. Chris told all his friends in high school he wanted to be governor. His friends all laughed at him. After Chris finished college he became a politician. He became the governor of his state and proved them wrong.
Jane made dinner for her husband. It got cold as he got home late again. Jane was frustrated. Her husband blamed work. Eventually Jane stopped cooking dinner.
Kenny has been overseas in the army for a year now. He is currently on his flight back home for a few months. He is excited to see his wife. His plane lands and he gets out of the airport. He sees his wife and gives her the biggest hug!
Kevin owned an old car. And he didn't want to spend money to maintain and repair it. Eventually its brakes failed, causing an accident. And Kevin had no choice but to buy another car. Kevin decided to take good care of his next car.
Jenn just downloaded Pokemon Go on her phone. She was excited to get started. She went for a walk, collecting pokemon as she went. Jenn caught a rare pokemon and was happy. Once she ran out of Pokeballs, Jenn went home and relaxed.
Josh was a football player. He was at practice one day and was hit hard. He suddenly felt dizzy. His coach immediately sent him to the trainer. Josh had a concussion.
Fred has always wanted to try eating pizza. One day his friend Johnny invites him to a famous pizza restaurant. Fred tries a delicious pepperoni pizza. He is amazed at how good it tastes. Fred wishes he hadn't waited so long to try pizza.
Tyrone had always been good at basketball. He always practiced hard for the big games. There was a big game tonight and he was ready. Tyrone and his teammates played great. Tyrone ended up with more than 30 points and his team won.
I was taking a walk through my neighborhood. I came upon three vehicles parked in the road. Two men were forcing a third man into the back seat of one vehicle. I saw that they had "SHERIFF" printed on their jackets. The third man was being arrested for drunken driving.
Nick brought Carlie rock climbing. He told her that she would have a great time. Carlie found out real quick that she is very afraid of heights. She needed to get down right away so they cut the day short. Carlie told Nick that she would never go rock climbing again.
Eli wrote a script to focus a field on a website. He thought it would make him more efficient. When Eli ran the script it worked exactly as he expected. He was able to more efficiently complete tasks. Eli was happy and became more confident in his skills.
Miranda was pregnant and at a check-up. Her doctor asked her to get a flu shot. Miranda said she would, but she didn't intend to. She was too afraid of the needle. Instead, she just stayed at home and tried to avoid germs.
Jackie got a new bike for Christmas. It was red and white, exactly the one he wanted. He took the bike outside. He fell down several times at first. After weeks of trying he finally rode around the block.
Greg picked up the van. He took it to it's scheduled maintenance. The mechanic found some additional problems with the van. Greg called his boss. His bock picked him up from the mechanics.
Nancy took the day off at the beach. She pet up a blanket in the sand and made a few sandwiches. However, a gust of wind carried a large branch. The branch smacked her in the face. Since the pain was unbearable, she went to the hospital.
She was developing breasts. She was embarrassed about it. But she needed a bra and there was no getting around it. She went to the lingerie store, blushing. There the saleslady fitted her and made her feel comfortable!
I decided to start a diet. I ate nothing but salad and vegetables for two weeks. Every time I took the kids to get fast food, I was tempted. I wanted french fries so badly. Eventually I caved and enjoyed a small order of fries.
Heidi loves high fashion. Every chance she gets she goes to shows. Her dream is to become a fashion designer. Her brother already is one. Within next 5 years her goal is to have a runway show.
Calvin is 5 years old and wants a pet. He has been asking for a dog for a long time. His mom agreed to take him to the animal shelter. Calvin met a dog he really liked. His mom liked the dog too and let him take the dog home.
Since Janet was lactose intolerant it made it hard to have dairy. Thankfully she found a recipe for almond milk. She was curious to try it. She got the ingredients and proceeded to try it. To her delight it was delicious
Gina was swimming in the ocean. She was looking at the fish and coral below her. She saw a squid swim by. It was an amazing creature! She watched it swim off into the distance.
Ron had a lot of homework due. But he struggled to concentrate. He dog kept barking. And his neighbors were having a party. It was only until 2 AM that Ron could work in silence.
Ana was making paper garlands. But then her finger slipped. The scissors cut her hand badly! She hurried to apply pressure and stop the bleeding. Afterwards, she applied a bandage to keep away infection.
The kicker started to move into a position. He ran towards the ball to kick it. The wind pushed it to the left. Although it touched the pole of the goal post, it didn't go in. The final seconds of the game expired and the kicker's team lost.
Marcus was trying to write an album of music. He was stumped on what song to have next. He decided to take a break and listen to his favorite music. Soon enough he was feeling pretty inspired. He whipped together a new song quickly.
Jim went to a yard sale They were selling a lot of items. He went to the cd section. He found a nirvana album. He purchased it
When I was little, I wanted to be a movie director. Throughout my teenage years, I was obsessed with movies. I studied everything I could about cinema. But I never managed to turn my passion into a career. Now I have a low paying job and post my movies to Youtube.
I was climbing a tree. My dad came out with a hose. I got down from the tree. He sprayed the top of the tree. He then watered the tree.
Ian became angry throughout the basketball team. None of his team wanted to pass the ball. In addition, his opponents were constantly blocking him. Ian took out his frustrating my knocking an opponent down. Since he injured the person, the coach removed him from the game.
The family drove into the desert. They were going to go play on the dunes! They drove four wheelers around and had a great time. The dunes looked like a strange new planet. They took lots of pictures and couldn't wait to show their friends!
Devin just got his licenses. He asks his parents for permission to out driving. While out driving he agrees to race one of his friends. Devin steps on the gas and races in his parents car. Devin wins the race and goes home.
We went to tour a greenhouse. The greenhouse attracted many butterfly species. The butterflies seemed to like my pink dress. They kept landing on my dress and arms. It was an afternoon I will never forget.
Frank wanted to be a reporter ever since he was a kid. After college he applied for jobs at many newspapers. He did not get accepted into any job and he was very sad. Frank made his own newspaper and wrote for that. Now the newspaper is very famous and Frank is a reporter.
My boyfriend's name is Mark. He's a doctor and I don't know what he sees in me. Sometimes I feel like the luckiest girl in the world. He always treats me like a princess. I feel like I am worthless because what do I bring to the table?
Sam was rushing to get to work since he was late. He ran to his car, forgetting to call his office. On the highway he tried to get hold of his secretary. He was distracted by trying to make his phone call. Because of his distraction, he got into a wreck and died.
Tim was washing dishes. He forgot to take his wedding ring off. It slipped off his finger and down the drain. Tim was unable to get it back. His wife was very upset.
Alice was knitting a new shirt for herself. She always did so when she watched TV. But that day the show was so good, she was distracted. And she barely looked at was she was knitting. When the show ended, she saw she had knitted backwards.
My mom's boyfriend got me a present for Christmas. Usually he doesn't, so I was excited to open it. It's a bottle of Proactiv solution. He smiles really big and asks me if I like it. He says he wants to start including me in family pictures.
Magee was only good at running. He loved to run all the time. One day he ran far away from home. Magee was never seen again. Some say Magee is still running today.
Susie was not feeling well. She suspected she may be pregnant. But she did not want to be too confident so she took a test. She ended up finding out she was pregnant. Susie was so happy and told her parents.
Mason admitted to the cops that he stole the wallet. The cops didn't know what to do, because he was underage. They made him apologize to the man and pay him back the money. Mason stuck out his tongue, kicked the man in the knee, and ran. The cops were shocked at his behavior, and gave chase.
Kay and her friend Beth arrived to class before anyone else. They sat looking out the window wishing they were at the beach instead. Beth suggested they skip class and have lunch on the beach. Kay hesitated then decided to go along. The girls had a lovely lunch at Bubba Gump on the beach.
Minka and Ty were playing in the front yard. They both heard the jingle of the ice cream truck. The two of them asked Ty's mom if they could get some ice cream. She smiled as she handed them some money. Minka and Ty charged the ice cream truck as it pulled up.
I was working on a new experiment. It was for science class. It was frustrating. Not to mention boring. I couldn't stand it.
We had to stop for gas. The light was on warning us to stop. We chose a station with the cheapest fuel. We filled the tank as full as we could. We got back on the road, feeling relieved,
My wife's boss Tina interviewed a person for a job yesterday. The person did well on the interview, Tina called the person's references. One company said she never worked there. Tina decided to not recommend the person for the job.
Tim had a problem. He could never pay all of his bills. He always paid them late. He decided to make a budget for all of his expenses. This helped him pay all of his bills on time.
Lauren could not remember where she left her coat. Her mother had Lauren try to recall the last time she had her coat. Lauren remembered that she had taken it off at school. The next morning, Lauren went to the lost and found at school. Her jacket was there and Lauren was ecstatic.
Alec kept waking up with pain in his stomach. He realized that he needed to change his diet. At first it was really hard to change his eating habits. He came up with a reward system. With that in place, he did alright.
Andrew has always wanted to learn how to play the drums. He bought a set today to motivate him to learn how to play. He struggled at first and decided to sign up for lessons. He took lessons for a year and practiced in his spare time. A year later he is now a great drummer in a band.
James had just come back from the grocery store. He dropped a grocery bag while unloading. The eggs in the bag cracked and spilled everywhere. James had to clean up the mess with a towel. Afterwards he threw away the broken eggs.
Casey was thirsty for something to drink. He had checked the refrigerator to find nothing available. Casey decided to make a trip to the store. He bought a case of water. Casey now has water to last him a week.
Ren was eating soup. She put her spoon inside of a piece of potato. Part of her tongue was burned since the potato was hot. For several days, she she barely tasted the flavor of her foods. The burns was eventually healed.
Stacey and her friends we're excited to have a pizza party. Pizza was their absolute favorite food. The girls got together at Stacey's house and started cooking. After they got everything ready they took it out of the oven. The pizza looked and tasted delicious.
Brad approached Elena after class. He simply asked her if she's doing anything later. Her first response was that she has a boyfriend. He looked confused and just said that he wanted to study with her. She felt relieved that he wasn't hitting on her and apologized.
Our seven year old son was in his class Xmas show in 1996. He had a stanza to sing. I was very nervous that he might forget his lines. He remembered them, though. We were very proud of him.
Rex knew his friend Thomas was too drunk to drive home. Thomas was insistent, so Rex tried to wrestle the keys from him. A fistfight ensued, resulting in a black eye for Rex. When Thomas sobered up, he was ashamed of his behavior. Thomas went to his first AA meeting to deal with his alcoholism.
Sean was poor. He decided to rob his friend. He held his friend at gunpoint and stole his money. Sean later felt guilty about the robbery. He confessed at the police station and eventually went to prison.
When the bus stopped, several children got on. The bus driver waited until they were all seated before driving again. When the bus stopped, the children got off and went into school The bus driver smiled as he drove back to the bus barn. Today was his last day before he retired.
Tammy played ball in her yard. She accidentally threw the ball over to her neighbor's house. She could not see through the fence. She jumped over to the other side of the fence. She grabbed the ball and never let it out of her sight again.
The children were going to a movie. They needed to decide together which movie to watch. Each of the children made a suggestion. It was difficult to come to a consensus. Finally, they agreed on a movie to watch.
Tim had rented a DVD out of a automated stand. When he got home, he discovered the DVD was scratched. It wouldn't play. Tim called the distributing company. They gave him three free rental credits for the trouble.
Jason woke up and went to prepare his daily cereal for breakfast. He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did. Then he found out he had no milk! He didn't want to go to the store since it was early in the morning. He compromised and ate his cereal dry.
The girl was going on a sleepover. She packed her favorite PJs. She started to feel a bit homesick. She put on the PJs and felt better. They were very comforting to her.
Joey woke up one morning to find that his dog Bear was missing. He ran downstairs and all around his house, yelling Bear's name. Running outside in his pajamas he kept yelling for his dog Bear. He heard barking, so he ran as fast as he could towards the sound. There he found Bear playing with the neighbor's dog.
Cara agreed to run her school's annual haunted house fundraiser. She tried to make it scary, but she was nervous. She thought people would hate it or mock her efforts. But the next day, everyone congratulated her! They said Cara's haunted house was the scariest ever!
Steven and Sean were hanging out in the woods. They were smoking when they heard dogs and voices. Soon they realized a cop was searching the woods. They gathered their things and bolted away. They ran for a long time before finally stopping and feeling safe.
Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning. They played in the water, despite dark clouds approaching. Suddenly, a rumble of thunder caught Jeff's attention. He called the kids out of the water as it started pouring rain. Next time, Jeff will check the weather forecast before he goes out.
Ed went out at night to see the stars. The night was very clear. He peered through his telescope. He identified ten constellations. Ed was so pleased with his talent!
Harry made a student film. He tried to find a producer. He landed a contract. They worked together on the release. The movie premiered last week.
Luther is running low on fuel. He keeps his car running. Luther has no money for gas. He tries to drive it home. He breaks down on the side of the road and calls for help.
Gerard has an obsessive issue. He always has to count to 100 before opening a day. The counselor suggested exposure method. He started using it and it was very difficult for him. In the end, he got better.
Jake was hiking with friends. He was leading the pack. All of a sudden they ran into a bear. Jake's friends all ran. Jake was left behind but was still able to escape.
Miley got tired of her goody attitude everyone wanted her to have. Miley went to a store and bought lingerie and fake leather. Miley got a bunch of new tattoos and piercings. Miley went to high school the next day to show off her new look. Miley's friends definitely felt Miley was more daring and crazy.
I put my Halloween costume on in readiness for a party. I had spent the previous week meticulously sewing my costume. When I got to the party, I saw my friend was also dressed as a pirate. She told me she had bought her costume the night before. I was angry because her costume looked better than mine.
My cousin works at a big hotel in NYC. She has a 24 year old daughter, K, who is not working. She tried to get K a job in the hotel. K refused to apply, saying she would surely fail the drug test. K is an avid pot smoker.
Anna threw a picnic party. She had all her friends bring a dish. Ten people ended up coming. Together they had a huge variety of food! Anna's picnic party idea was a success.
Kristi found it hard to date with three kids. She could never find anyone who'd accept them. One day, she went with her kids to their hairdresser. The hairdresser was a nice man who liked her instantly. Since then, they all have made a life together.
The cabinet fell over. It was very heavy. Everybody wondered how it fell. Someone admitted to pushing it. The mystery was solved.
Jonas always desired to go to the races. He got tickets for his birthday. His father took him and his best friend. They all had a great time together. Jonas' favorite racer won the race too!
Jeff started to eat his food. He realized that the flavoring of the food was very bland. He became furious and demanded a refund. The restaurant manager said no. However, Jeff threw his plate on the ground and left.
Gina's mom wanted the stray dog Gina brought home out of her house. Gina took the dog to the yard and left him. But he was able to open the gate. She looked for rope to tie him up. But Gina couldn't find anything but a jump rope.
Craig couldn't decide what he wanted for breakfast. He didn't want cold cereal. He didn't want pancakes. So he decided to make some toast. He put some in the toaster and then ate it with jam.
Maya was very afraid of skeletons. When Halloween happened, she felt very nervous. Maya wanted to get over her fear of skeletons. So, Maya tried visiting the Paris catacombs to overcome her fear. Maya was too scared of the skeletons and had a heart attack and died.
Bob needed money to buy a new iphone. He did not have a job. Bob decided to through the neighborhood and ask to mow lawns. He did such a wonderful job that many others wanted their lawns mowed. Within two weeks Bob had enough money to buy the iphone.
Debbye was hungry for a burger. She cooked the beef patties. She grabbed two large buns. She added pickles, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and onions. She enjoyed eating her huge sandwich!
Jim's clock broke. He did not have money to buy a new one. He arrived late to work everyday. His boss decided to buy him a clock. After that he was no longer late.
Nicole was sleeping when she awoke to her dog barking. She jumped out of bed and ran to see what the dog was barking at. When she got to the stairwell, she noticed billowing smoke coming up. She ran back to the room and grabbed her emergency ladder. She threw open the window, threw the ladder down, and escaped.
Justin was laid off from work. He saw a job posting from the local jail. Justin was qualified to be a prison guard. He went through the application process. The jail hired Justin.
Kara lost her iPod in class. She suspected her friend and seatmate of stealing it. She even outright accused the poor girl! But then Kara found the iPod in her bag. She apologized, shamefaced.
Kay was stressed out. She'd told her friend Andrea she would write the intro to her new book. She wrote many drafts, but none of them were good. Finally, she scribbled down a small paragraph. Andrea felt like Kay hadn't put any effort into it.
Molly was having trouble finding a costume for Halloween. She was attending a big costume party. She looked at a costume store and found a spy costume. She bought it and put the trench coat on right away. At the party, everyone was impressed with her imaginative outfit.
Ana was baking cookies for the first time one Christmas. She used her grandma's trusted gingerbread cookie recipe. When she sampled her first one, she smiled. She had been so afraid the cookies wouldn't taste right. But they were just delicious!
Kris loved water sports. He was excited to go on his first rafting trip. It was with a group of friends. During the rapids he almost fell over. Luckily his friends caught him and they finished.
Kate broke her little finger. She broke it falling off her bicycle. Kate mother bandage the finger up. The finger took a very long time to heal. Her little finger is feeling much better now.
I had a friend named Chris. He liked to do bad things. He got me in trouble a couple times. I couldn't hang out with him without getting into trouble too. I had to end my friendship with Chris.
Briana was watching TV. Suddenly, she heard her dog making a weird noise. She went to check on him and saw that the dog was sick. It had thrown up on the carpet. Briana cleaned up the mess and then made an appointment at the vet.
I took my son to the store. He waved at a man there. The man asked how he was. My son used sign language to say he was good. The man misunderstood and accused him of blowing kisses.
She wanted to stop drinking sodas. She went to the store and bought a case of water bottles. She put them back after thinking about it. She bought a reusable bottle instead. She filled them with fruit and water to drink.
Adan was the youngest of four kids. He always got the hand me down clothes. He was tired of that and wanted some new clothes. He went out and got a job and saved money. Now he's able to buy his own clothes.
My sister-in-law worked for an insurance company in 1981. She was fired in 1986. Her sisters were upset and wanted to sue the company. Later we found she had received several warnings. She had a nervous breakdown shortly thereafter.
Today Gertrude started a new transcription job. Her husband, the assistant director of the archives, was her boss. He had told her everything was ready for her to transcribe. When Gertrude came in in the morning, her husband asked her to wait. Apparently all the files are on someone's portable hard drive.
Tim was mowing his lawn. All of a sudden the lawn mower stopped working. Tim didn't know what was wrong with it. He took it to someone who knew how to fix them. Tim paid to have it fixed.
Jess and her boyfriend both lived in Maryland. Jess's boyfriend enrolled in a college that was in Florida. It was hard being separated but he needed his education. Before they knew it, graduation day had come. Jess flew to Florida to watch her boyfriend walk across the stage.
Laurel liked walking in the woods. While walking in the woods she saw a bobcat. The bobcat attacked her. She couldn't walk because of the attack. She was able to call for help.
Ronald had a bag that meant a lot to him. It could be considered his favorite bag. One day, he could not find his bag. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Eventually, he found it in the washer.
Lizzie always dreamed of being a singer. She would dance and sing in the mirror to herself. A local talent show was coming up in her town. She decided to face her fears and give it a shot. Lizzie took the stage and blew the crowd away!
For art class, I had to make a painting of a pineapple. I went to the store, and bought a nice green pineapple. I started my painting as soon as I got home. It took me 2 weeks to finish the painting. By then, the pineapple had yellowed and parts were rotten.
James loved to eat fruits. His favorite fruit was actually the cherry. After the winter, James wanted to eat a lot of cherries. He rushed to the store and bought a lot of cherries. After that, James as many cherries as he could.
Mary and Fred planned a two week vacation to Indonesia. They spent hours online to figure out their itinerary. They left for their trip in January. Mary and Fred visited five major areas during the vacation. They had a great time and looked forward to their next adventure.
A few weeks before Christmas I went to the local reptile shop. I was looking for a present for my daughter for Christmas. The owner asked some questions to get an idea of what we wanted. He eventually recommended a crested gecko. We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve!
Kelly was nervous about getting her test back. She studied very hard but assumed she did very poorly. When she got it back she was shocked. She could not believe it. She received an A grade.
Every year we watch a horror trilogy. We chose the Scream trilogy last year. We stayed up all night laughing at the corniness. We even dressed like the characters for fun. We handed out candy and watched movies all evening.
Tom found an old camera in the attic. He looked it up online. Tom was able to find some film for it. The pictures he took were dark and moody. Tom took up photography as a new hobby.
Ian built a robot to compete in a robot fighting league. In his first fight, Ian's robot destroyed the other robot. Before the next fight, Ian left his robot to go to the bathroom. The guy he beat snuck over and sabotaged Iran's robot. During the next fight, Ian's robot lost quickly.
Troy was working in a Navy submarine. He started finding it hard to breathe. He realized they had turned down the oxygen level slightly. Troy secretly turned it up. Afterward, everyone felt happier and with more energy.
Mandy was a shy only child who was often home alone. When her parents were present, they were usually busy. She received a book on juggling one birthday from her funny Aunt Ruth. She spent hours of time alone practicing her juggling. One day she started juggling some balls at school without thinking.
Tom was getting fast food. When they called his order he noticed it was wrong. Tom noticed someone else got his food instead. He asked them if they would like to swap. They agreed and things were resolved.
Nate was trying to clean out some cabinets. He noticed a huge spider in the corner. He decided to spray the whole cabinet with bug spray. After waiting a moment, he hoped all of the bugs were dead. He was finally able to clean the cabinet in peace.
Michael had been waiting all day to go to his favorite coffee shop. He looks forward to coffee everyday. Michael pulled into the parking lot. He dropped his head. The coffee shop was under construction.
Jody felt bad because she hadn't visited her old uncle in a long time. She worried about what to say as she headed to the nursing home. Jody felt unease as she walked down the hall to his room. When she entered the room, her uncle broke into a smile. Jody sat with the old man and simply held his hand.
Cameron had just hosted a big sleepover. After it ended he noticed several toys missing. He called all of his guests to ask about it. One of them got particularly defensive and angry. Cameron told the kid's mom and she found the toys.
The girl was nervous. She was about to go on stage. The host called her name. She went on and performed well. A producer contacted her after an soon she was professional.
When my sister was young she had a chick she kept in a box by her bed. She loved her chicken and it grew into a large beautiful rooster. My mother's cousin knew if was hers, but picked her chicken to cook. They had chicken and dumplings on the table when she came home. Years later our mother said she had something to do with that.
I decided to clean my chimney. I opened the vent. I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace. Soot coming rushing down and covered my face! I realized I should be more careful when cleaning the chimney.
Kenneth was very afraid of ants. One day, he went outside and saw a colony. He saw how they worked together to create something beautiful. Then, Kenneth began appreciating ants. Now, Kenneth loves the ants.
Ray loved to go hiking. One day, Ray twisted his ankle. He had a lot of trouble walking. Ray bought an ankle brace at the store. Ray was able to hike again with the help of the brace.
Lizzy was watching monkeys at the zoo. One kept staring at her. She scratched her head. He scratched his head, too. She realized he was a copy cat monkey!
Amy needed a job. She was happy to have 2 interviews in one week. Amy did well at both interviews. Both of the managers thought she would fit in great. Amy was pleased to have more than one option.
Kate rarely used Facebook. One day at work she visited Facebook to see something on there. But the site wouldn't load. Tech support had blocked all social networking sites at her job. That was the end of using Facebook at work.
Each year, Amy's mom ordered winter coats from a catalog. When the coats arrived, Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur. But Amy's mom handed it to her sister. She gave Amy a pink coat that felt like plastic. Amy left the coat on the playground the next day.
Kyle wanted to try wine since he never drank before. He bought a bottle of good wine and some cheese. He invited his buddy wilbur over and they ate cheese and crank wine. They really enjoyed it so they did again the following week. Kyle is now a wine lover.
Yesterday I had the worst plane ride. First of all the plane was packed. Secondly there was no leg room. There was also terrible Turbulence. I learned to never fly commercial again.
The security guard came to open my door. I waited on him. He went to the office to get a key. I had locked myself out of my apartment. It was in the middle of the night.
Roger Rumface had been following the footprints in the snow. He was nearly frostbitten. Suddenly he realized the footprints had ended in the middle of a field. There were no others. If only Roger had realized they were the prints of a bird.
Tom was having dinner with a date. He got something stuck in his teeth. His date was too shy to tell him. She was visibly upset. Tom was never able to figure it out.
Eli needed to modify a file with comma separated data. A worthless program called Turk Assist had spit out dirty data. Eli came up with a magic regexp recipe to fix the bad data. He hit the run command and watched the file process the expression. Eli was delighted when his data was cleaned up.
Nicole is walking through a forest with her little brother. They hear two gunshots ring in the distance. She grabs him and they rush behind a tree. Nearly an hour later, a hunter approaches them. He apologizes for scaring them and takes them home.
My daughter has a locket with a photo of her best friends. One day she lost her locket. She came to me in tears asking for help finding it. I found it hanging from her swing-set outside. I was my daughter's hero that day.
Fanny had noticed her kids' room looked like a mess. She told them to pick it up. When they didn't listen, she took their electronics. The kids begrudgingly picked up their room. Fanny thanked them for their effort, giving back their stuff.
I was flying back to the US and booked a regional flight separately. This flight broke down and the company offered to bus us. I ended up missing my flight and had to stay the night. I knew someone loosely who was in the area so they let me stay. I got a bed and a new friend because of a delay.
Today Farrah is going to the library. She gets to look at many books. She picks out a book on animals to check out. Farrah gets to read the book as much as wants for a week. Then, it is time to return the book, and get a new one.
Doug wanted to give his wife a gift. Doug's wife is obsessed with using tweezers to remove hair. He heard of a machine called an epilator that plucks hair by the root. He found an epilator in the store and bought it. She thought that the tweezer machine was the best gift ever.
I was driving to work this morning. On the way, I saw an accident. There was 10 cars piled up on the interstate. Traffic was backed up for miles. Needless to say, I was late to work.
When I developed chest pain, I thought it was from a heavy lunch. I made a few more entries on my computer and waited for it to pass. Instead, I began to feel breathless as the pain moved to my shoulder. I felt silly but called 911 and took an aspirin tablet while I waited. I later learned it was a heart attack, and my prompt action saved me.
Gina's friend Mary was jealous of Gina's new book. So Gina made it a point to be seen with the book as much as possible. Mary and her other friends began to work on their math assignment. Gina continued to peruse her new book. She could tell she was getting under Mary's skin.
The family was taking a stroll through town. They stopped at the snow cone stand. They each bought a snow cone. They started melting immediately. The family was sticky and wet by the time they made it home.
A man saw his idol at a musical concert. He introduced himself to the famous person. He knew he had similar interests as the person. They got along well and became friends. The man befriended his idol.
Since it was a beautiful day, Tom and I went fishing. We took the boat out to a nice, clam lake near my house. After much deliberation, we rowed to an area near a few rocks. Almost immediately, Tom caught a fish. I was cheering while he reeled it in.
Chris always felt feminine on the inside. He decided to see a gender therapist. The therapist had him dress like a woman for a year. Soon, he began transitioning. After a year, he lived everyday as a woman.
Gina needed to get within eye shot of her crush Jamie. She wanted him to see her and maybe talk to her. As she began in that direction her friend Tami came over to her. She wondered where Gina was going. But Gina didn't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl.
Herb and his wife were talking one day. He asked her what she thinks heaven is like. She told him that she didn't believe in heaven. This made Herb very upset. Eventually they learned to live with their differences.
I really needed a ride to the airport one day. I tried looking at ride sharing apps but couldn't decide on one. Eventually I decided on using a ridesharing app. The cost was very small so it was okay with me. I made it to the airport on time and enjoyed my ride!
Bob bought a ring for his girlfriend Sally. He wrapped the small box with a beautiful gold bow. He took Sally on a hot air balloon ride. They flew over a large sign asking if she would marry Bob. Sally was excited to tell everyone her romantic engagement story.
John hated to do laundry. He did as few loads as possible. Loads were divided into two groups. These groups consisted of jeans, or everything else. So far, this method worked for him.
Jake had a hard time getting out of bed. He put on his shirt backwards. He then proceeded to leave the house with two pairs of different shoes. He arrived to work late. His coworkers laughed at his misfortunes.
John was telling me about a good book he was reading. He thought I would like it. It was a murder mystery type. I usually really like that genre. I am going to read it.
Gabriel had climbed into a tree. He was scared to climb down. Gabriel tried to jump out of the tree. He landed hard on his ankle. Gabriel sprained his ankle.
Anna was a professional violin player. She had played with many famous violinists throughout her career. After a particularly great show, she was approached about a new job. The job would mean more pay and a new location. Anna was excited to find out that her new job would be in Australia.
One day Julie went to visit her grandmother. Grandma was making her treasured meatloaf recipe. Julie wanted to learn how to make the meatloaf, so she asked grandma. Grandma showed Julie how to make the meatloaf. Julie made the meatloaf when she went home to her husband.
Cora wanted to start getting into better shape. She had learned from her doctor that she could have diabetes. The news made her want to be more healthy. She started with watching her diet. She followed it up with working out every day to lose weight.
Jill and Tom were going to go on a date to the movies. Jill wanted to see something romantic. Tom wanted to see something gory. In the end they compromised on a comedy. They both enjoyed the movie and had a good night.
Ida was lactose intolerant. Ida wanted cereal, but couldn't have milk. One day, I discovered almond milk. Ida tried almond milk and cereal. Ida loved the combination she had discovered.
Megan decided to cook mashed potatoes. She had never made them before. She bought all the ingredients. She cooked the potatoes and mashed them. They were delicious.
Jerry was out to dinner with his girlfriend. Jerry was so in love with her. The two had been together for 2 years. Jerry got down on one knee and asked her to be his bride. She cried and told him it wasn't working out between the two.
Jeff is driving home from work. Jeff hits a bump in the road and his tire goes flat. He gets out to see his tire . The tire is flat and he needs a change. A stranger pulls over and helps him fix his tire.
Alana heard that a hurricane was going to hit her city in a few days. She quickly made plans to leave town. The day before the hurricane she took a bus to her mother's house. The next day, the news said that the hurricane actually didn't hit. She felt annoyed that she had gone to all that trouble for nothing.
Margo just had a new baby. She brought her baby home from the hospital. It cried a lot and kept her up at night. It was hard work taking care of a baby. She got better at caring for the baby everyday.
Wilma was tired of her husband's bad manners. She made him take a shower and stop burping at the table. Her husband started to like his good manners. He went to an etiquette class. Now he drinks tea with his pinky out like a gentleman.
My friends and I took a trip to the aquarium. We had lots of fun. We saw the sea turtles and the whales. We also saw a movie. I can't wait to go back.
A friend asked if I wanted to go to the Springsteen show. I said yes. She bought them. They were shockingly, outrageously expensive. I ended up selling my ticket for a small profit.
I wanted to teach my dog to roll over. I bought some treats and set aside a weekend. I spent hours mimicking the action and moving the dog around. It was hopeless. In the end I only taught the dog to sort of spin in place.
Sarah was walking to the school spelling bee. She had studied hard but was nervous. On her way, she looked down and saw a shiny penny. Hoping it would bring her good luck, she picked it up. When she won she said it was because of her lucky penny!
I had a deceitful friend named Alicia. We had just fallen out because of a huge girl spat. One day, my anger was brewing and I decided to act on it. I found her on campus and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned around and I punched her in the eye, then walked away.
Steve had a toothache. Steve went to the dentist. The dentist fixed Steve's problem. Steve felt much better afterwards. The dentist gave Steve a sucker as a reward.
Tom was hanging up christmas lights. He used an old extension cord to plug some in. Tom noticed some sparks coming from the chord. He decided to unplug it and throw it away. He bought a new one to be safe.
Morgan's dog had a lot of energy. She took him to the dog park every day. He would run and play with other dogs. At the end, he was exhausted. Morgan was happy that she could spend time with her dog.
It was Thanksgiving day and Kim had to get up early to begin cooking. She poured coffee from the coffee maker and drank quickly. The coffee was too hot and burned Kim's tongue. After cooking all day the family sat down to dinner. Kim's was upset she couldn't taste because of her burned tongue.
Kacie and her friends went shopping at the mall. One store in, Kacie saw that her debit card was gone. In a panic she went to the car and her house to look. She couldn't find it anywhere! It turns out her best friend was holding it for her the whole time.
Irene was in the school choir. They were performing a concert that weekend. Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo. Irene was thrilled but nervous, and she practiced for days. On concert night, everyone agreed Irene sang wonderfully!
We were pretty sure our goose was a male. He had all the characteristics. So this spring we didn't even think of checking for eggs. But one day we found 5 eggs in the goose enclosure. He was a she after all!
I had a slow car. But, I wanted to take part in the local racing club. So, I decided to upgrade my car. After thousands of dollars in expenses, my car became quite fast! My car was able to beat many other racers at the local club.
The whole school celebrated the bicentennial. My class had to dress like pioneers. My mom made me a skirt out of a sheet. My classmates asked if it was a sheet. I said it wasn't because I was embarrassed.
Gina's parents were divorced. Once a month she went to her dad's for the weekend. At 15, Gina felt she was too old to go. But her mom always forced her. Gina packed her bag, and kept her mouth shut.
Desmond was afraid of alleyways. He resolved to change his commute to avoid passing too many alleys. This caused his commute to lengthen by over 30 minutes. Desmond consulted a friend about what to do. The friend helped Desmond overcome his fear of alleys.
Sal hated vegetables. Then his mom thought of creative ways to get him to taste them. She made celery with peanut butter and rice krispy treats with sugar. She even made a carrot-a carrot cake with frosting. Sal decided he really did love vegetables after all!
Kit was late to work often. Her boss called her into his office. There, he officially reprimanded her. Kit apologized and vowed to be punctual in the future. She did not want to lose her job.
Herman was a political strategist by trade. He worked on the campaigns of national politicians. His specialty was rallying low-level volunteers. Such volunteer efforts were becoming increasingly vital. Herman felt that he was shaping his country.
Ziggy the dog sits on the floor near the table during meals. One time my husband got up before the meal was over. He forgot to push his chair all the way in. Ziggy jumped up onto the chair. He ran off with a piece of chicken from the plate.
Louis leaned over to look out the window. He totally forgot there was a cactus plant. It brushed up against his face. Some of the needles went into his skin. His mom spent nearly an hour pulling them out.
Chad was helping his grandparents clean out their attic. He found a small chest in the corner of the attic. Chad brought it down to his grandfather. His grandfather's eyes lit up when he saw the chest. Old photographs from decades past filled the old chest.
Keven always felt that he should have been the oldest. He liked to be in charge. He decided to ask his parents for a new sibling. His parents decided to have him babysit his baby cousin. Kevin was happy to be the youngest from then on.
Today our mother took my brothers and me to the beach. We all had a great time playing in the sand. My brother especially enjoyed chasing after and running from waves. After several hours we were all very tired. We fell asleep in the car as our mother drove us back home.
Allie needed a phone case. She looked everywhere for the perfect case, Finally she found one at the mall. She put it on. It looked great.
Samantha took a sip from the stew She figured it needed a bit more pepper and she added it. After sipping it again, salt was thrown into balance the flavor. Samantha took one last taste and decided that it was ready. She turned the heat off, poured some into a bowl, and ate.
Terry wanted to learn piano. She found a teacher. She was told to practice over and over. She didn't like to do that much. She quit the class.
Trevor was traveling in South America. He saw something on the menu that sounded interesting. He ordered it and started to eat. He discovered that it was bugs! Trevor suddenly lost his appetite.
Jessica spent too much of her childhood in church. Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted. She was spoiled and a brat. She ended up getting on Christian Mingle and marrying a man. She's now a mother of 3 at 20 years old.
Eli ate his supper too quickly. He began to feel some stomach discomfort. Eli made it to his bathroom in time. It took him over an hour to clean it though Eli's resolved to eat his food more slowly.
Tom was out on a hike. It was a hot day in the desert. He started feeling bad. Tom fainted and passed out due to heat exhaustion. They found his body three days later.
Joe had loved cowboys ever since he was little. But then, as a teen, he did more research. He learned that cowboys were actually very hard workers. Their real life was boring and strenuous. Joe became much less interested in cowboys after that.
Bill was having trouble sleeping at night. He asked his friend for advice. His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night. Bill tried his friends recommendation. Bill soon found himself experiencing sound sleep.
Casey was decorating her Christmas tree. She was putting up each ornament, when she found one broken. She didn't want it to go to waste, so she tried to fix it. Using glue, she put it back together. She hung it on the tree and his the cracked part.
Patricia was hiking up Mt. Fuji. The air got very difficult to breathe. She stopped and bought a bottle of oxygen. She saw all the other fit people hiking. She felt guilty for needing the oxygen.
My two brothers were smacking the mountain with shovels. They were trying to make a hole into the snow pile. Eventually, a pile of snow fell from above. Both of my brothers ended up being hit by the large pile. I helped them get out by pulling on their arms.
Evan and April decided to start climbing mountains on the weekends. At first climbing mountains was very difficult. April especially had a hard time. They became better and better as they climbed more mountains. Now Evan and April climb mountains with ease!
It was nearing midnight. Allie was still hungry. She went upstairs. There was one slice of pizza left. So she had some.
Ginny had an ornament craft to do with her kids. She got all of the materials. She put them on a table in front of her kids. Then she led them through the craft. When they were done, they had cute ornaments.
I can always tell when the mail truck is coming. The mail truck makes a loud squeaking sound when it stops. I heard that sound today, so I went outside. The sound was made by a package delivery truck. The driver gave me a package that I hadn't expected.
Ike planted onion seeds and waited for them to grow. Weeks went by and he couldn't see anything. Ike dug up the field and investigated. He found carrots where his onions should have been. Ike realized that he must have planted the wrong seeds!
Peter wanted to be nice and kind to everyone he met. One day he met someone that he didn't like as much. Peter still wanted to be nice to him however. He struggled a little bit but finally was nice to him. Peter is now best friends with this person!
Tom had a favorite pair of sneakers. They had been a bit worn down and the laces were grungy. Tom decided to wash them and get new laces. He got colorful ones that really popped. Tom's shoes looked much better.
My eye doctor recommend these pair of glasses for only $50 dollars. After purchasing it, I decided to try them on. They were good for an instant, until it splits in half. I tried putting it back together and it couldn't work. My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative.
Linda and six friends were having a sleepover for her birthday. They were gathered in her room. All of a sudden Jenny smacked Linda with a pillow. Then everyone picked up pillows! They laughed as they ran around hitting each other with pillows.
After my physics class ended, I ordered Chinese food on campus. I enjoyed the food but my stomach started to growl. In addition, I remained constipated throughout the day. The stomach pain didn't stop until I got home. I stayed in my bathroom for hours until I felt better.
The doctor showed up the next morning. He said the baby had been stuck in her hip. He would have to do a cesarean section. They wheeled her into surgery. The mother sighed with relief.
Adam just had a baby with his girlfriend. Adam didn't really like his girlfriend anymore. Adam decided it was time to get rid of the dead weight. He broke up with his girlfriend. He is now a free man and can spend his time freely.
Alfred sat precariously on the bar in the dunk tank. Joe was next to throw the ball. Alfred just knew Joe would it the target. The ball made a smacking noise as it hit the target. Alfred fell into the water.
Hillary had poor grades in her math class. Her mother told her she needed to improve her grades. She promised Hillary a trip if she got her grades up. Hillary worked hard and got her grade up to a B. Her mother planned a trip to a local amusement park.
Tim rode his motorcycle deep in the mountains one day. He enjoyed his experience so much he did not want to leave. Eventually it became pitch black with no lights or people for miles. Once it was extremely dark he drove back home. It was so dark and dangerous he crashed and hurt his knee.
Scott was working on a play. He needed to paint props. He painted a fake porch white. Then, he painted a bench purple. Finally, he painted a door brown.
I loved my wife, Carla, so much. I wanted to surprise her for Christmas but was just too poor. I began working a second job early in the morning. I kept this from her to surprise with the gift I would be able to buy. She told me one morning she knew what I was doing, kissing me.
Evan was happy to be pregnant. But she really wanted a boy. To her dismay, her doctor had said she was having a girl. But on delivery day, Even got a happy surprise. She gave birth to a happy, healthy baby - boy!
Jimmy's family moved to town this past summer. Today was his first day in the new school. Jimmy was nervous and didn't want to go. The teacher introduced Jimmy to the class. During lunch, several students sat with and talked to Jimmy at his tab.
Tim was scared when he got a bike without training wheels. Tim's dad helped him get on the bike and going. Tim's dad let go and Tim fell over. Tim would not give up and got back on the bike. After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own.
Derek did not like baths. His mom fought with him all of the time about it. Derek hated getting wet. His dad decided to install a colorful rainfall shower. He showed Derek the shower and it made him like baths.
I wanted my relatives to our know our family history. I collected old pictures from family reunions. I photocopied old obituaries that contained our family history. I interviewed older relatives to fill in the blanks. Now my family can see our history on the Facebook account I created.
Ang was looking for a wedding dress. But all the nice ones were so expensive! She really could not afford them. Then she tried on her mother's old wedding dress. It looked lovely, and it was free!
I went to the grocery store. I picked up all of the items on my list. I got home and realized I forgot milk. I had to go back and get milk. I got a bucket of ice cream to go with it.
Rebecca loved white meat food items. She hated beef with a passion. One day Rebecca ate a whole bucket of KFC. She did not feel good the next day. Rebecca is giving beef another try for future meals.
Oliver was cleaning up his room. He noticed a bad smell coming from his closet. Digging deeper, he found an old bowl of cereal shoved on a shelf. The milk was rotting and green, making Oliver gag. He tried washing it but decided to just throw it out entirely.
Amanda was feeling terribly sick and was in a lot of pain. All day she kept throwing up and kept feeling stabbing pains. Finally she couldn't stand it anymore and called 911. The paramedics arrived soon and took her to the hospital. After a lot of tests and xrays she found out she had to have surgery.
Sam had to go grocery shopping. He left the grocery list that his wife had written for him. He ended up forgetting a lot of the items he needed. He had to return to the store again to get the things he forgot. He never forgot his list again.
Christina wanted to pluck her own eyebrows. She had previously never done it herself. She wanted an online guide on how to do it correctly. She began plucking with her tweezers. She over-plucked one eye and now her brows are uneven.
The wife had been watching too much HGTV. She decided to renovate her kitchen. She ripped down the wallpaper from the walls. She started painting some cabinets. When her husband got home, he was really mad.
Amelia was in her history class. She had already finished the classwork for the day. There was still some time before the bell and she was bored. She decided to ask her teacher if she could go to the library. Usually it was against the rules, but he said yes.
Mary is at the airport getting ready to fly to England. The ticket kiosk is unable to print her boarding pass. She consults an airline representative on the matter. The airline representative discovers that her flight is tomorrow. Mary vows to always double check before purchasing plane tickets.
It was a beautiful day in Chicago. A couple is touring the city for their anniversary. They've seen all the sites and taken lots of photos. The day is nearly over and they are going for pizza. Every year the couple returns to Chicago for the awesome experience.
The boy wasn't feeling well. He laid on the couch all day. When he got up, there was a dent in the cushions. He had worn out the couch! He threw a blanket on it to hide it.
Greg loves girl scout cookies. He goes to the mall. He finds a girl scout booth. He purchases 20 boxes. He is immediately regretful.
Edward always wanted to join the soccer team. The only issue was he was very fat and he could barely run. Edward began running 5 miles a day every day. Edward was able to lose a lot of weight. Edward was able to become the star of the soccer team.
Little John was eating a cake. When he bit his cake he lost a milk-tooth. He started to cry. Mom calmed him down. They put the milk-tooth under the pillow at night.
Sam was the star basketball player on his high school team. He was planning to go to college on a basketball scholarship. During his senior year he broke his leg while playing basketball. All the colleges he applied for rescinded his basketball scholarship. Sam was not able to go to college due to his injury.
James caught the ball from the quarterback. He started to run towards the end zone. An opponent ran towards her from the other side. He tackled me. My left leg broke.
Tom had old tires on his car. He was too lazy to change them. One day he had one blow out on the freeway. He was luckily not hurt. Tom decided to buy new tires the next day.
Thomas loved crabs. He loved them ever since he was a kid. One day, he went to the beach. He was able to see a crab in real life. Finally, Thomas was able to be satisfied.
Rick spent a lot of his free time painting. He painted because it was the only thing that calmed him down. One month, a stressful job meant he had no time to paint. Before this job contract finished, Rick had a heart attack. He knew that if he had time to paint, it wouldn't of happened.
The entire Crawford family was restless. They had been stuck inside during bad thunderstorms for several days. The Crawford family decided to go to the beach. The Crawford family played in the sun at the beach. The Crawford family was happy and no longer restless.
My wife got a Yankee candle for Christmas. Her nephew's wife gave it to her. The scent was caramel salt. My wife is not a candle fan. I put the candle up for sale on Amazon.
Amanda was fascinated by acrobats. Amanda decided that she would take a acrobatic fitness class. Amanda researched on the internet for the class. Amanda found a class, and immediately signed up. After taking the first class, Amanda was addicted to acrobatics.
My son and daughter played an April Fools joke on me. I had sold my son's video game on eBay. My daughter's friend called me to complain the game did not work. I called my son, who said he had broken the game. I was angry until I found out it was a joke.
George loved to eat corn. He ate corn almost every single day in fact. After eating a lot of corn, he found out he had no more. This made George run to the store to buy more. Now, George has a lot of corn.
Danny had grown up with dogs. His wife was a cat person. Danny was not sure about getting a cat. They went to an animal shelter. Danny and his wife picked a cat that they both liked.
Tom had stomach problems. He was at work trying to get things done. He felt the need to use the restroom. Tom decided to hold it in. Unfortunately he wasn't able to and messed his pants.
I couldn't sleep because my back was hurting. I tossed and turned for hours through the night. No matter how tired I was, I just could not sleep. I tried taking melatonin, and slept like a baby. I felt really great the next morning.
When I was at the beach today there was a major flock of seagulls. I was sitting down on a chair when five seagulls came around. The birds came and started eating my lunch. I was horrified. I had to run and eat the rest of my food near my car.
Mom kept her china in a hutch in the living room. She always told us to be careful around it. One day, we were playing football in the house. My brother didn't catch my throw. The football hit the hutch, and one of mom's plates broke.
Chris worked as a pizza delivery driver. He had three pizzas to deliver to one location. Chris drove to the house. As he unloaded the pizzas, one fell onto the ground. Chris offered the customers a discount and some coupons.
I moved to central Texas. I didn't realize that cedar pollen was a problem in Texas. Alas, I was allergic to cedar so I had year-round allergies. I decided that central Texas was not the right place for me. I had to move back to my hometown in Illinois.
Ryan hadn't been on a vacation in years. Work rarely allowed him to get away. One day he decided he needed some time off to relax. He planned a trip to the beach. The trip was fun and allowed Ryan to rest before returning to work.
Today I bought a new door for my house. I installed the door myself so I could save money. I put the door in the wrong way. I had to call a professional to help me with the installation. The door came out perfect and I decided not to install things myself.
I went to the emergency room. There was a plug of skin that had come from my arm. I sat while my mom talked to the insurance lady. The pain hit hard and I started to cry. They took me to get a shot to feel better.
Harry gathered horses. He took them to the auction. He brought horses to the barn. The farmers then arrived. Harry sold a lot of horses.
I was flying a plane. The plane started making funny noises. I looked for the ejector button. I hit the button. The plane crashed but I lived,
Cathy was chosen to be in charge of games for the company picnic. Cathy decided she would have miniature golf, and a foot race. In addition, Cathy decided to have kickball, and badminton as well. Cathy submitted the games for approval, and her manager accepted. Cathy could not wait to see her coworkers playing games at the picnic.
Alan had gotten a new baseball glove for his birthday. The glove was very expensive. He brought it to practice. The glove was stolen. Alan was mad because of the value of the glove.
One Day Laurie decided to go to the library. She drove downtown in her new car. Laurie checked out some books. When she left she saw a big dent in her car door. Thank goodness there was a note from the person who hit her car.
Nolan always drank double espressos. He sat down at the coffee shop and drank them very slowly. But one day, they were out of espresso. So Nolan had to try a new coffee. He chose a cappuccino but didn't like it and left the place.
Tim was forgetful. So his parents told him to never use the microwave. But one day, Tim decided to microwave pizza. After he walked away from the microwave, he went to bed. Later, he opened the microwave and saw pizza that never got cooked.
I never had money but wanted to learn more about it. I enrolled in a Tax Preparer's class. I studied hard and learned the rules about money. I applied what I had learned  rules to my paycheck. Today I am better off financially because of that Money Class.
I was supposed to sing at a concert. I left early so I wouldn't be late. The traffic was terrible! I had to go way out of my way to get to the church. I made it by the skin of my teeth!
Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods. Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant. He tries a chicken curry. Alex is amazed by how delicious the curry tastes. He decides that he will try many new foods.
Kim needed extra cash to pay bills so she taught art classes. Kim wasn't an artist, but thought she could fool them. At the first class, she instructed her students on abstract art. She slapped some paint randomly on a canvass and presented it. One of the students declared it looked more like an abstract fart.
Sabrina always loved dance. When she was four she decided that she wanted to be a ballerina. Her parents signed her up for classes. She practiced hard every day in and out of class. A decade later she became a prima ballerina.
Jane loved jumping on the trampoline in her backyard. She especially loved doing tricks on it. One day she tried jumping onto it from the roof. She misjudged the jump and and twisted her ankle on the outer rim. Jane wasn't allowed to jump on the trampoline until she recovered.
Joe loved to play table tennis. His friends laughed at him as they didn't think it was a real sport. After years of practice, Joe made it to the Olympics. His friends were now very supportive of his Joe. They still all secretly think it's not a real sport.
Rufus hasn't seen his best friend for three Year's. He decides it is finally time to visit his best friend. Rufus takes the long bus ride to Pennsylvania. When he is reunited with his best friend, Rufus is happy. He decides he will never go so long without seeing his best friend.
Donald didn't like books, not one bit. He got a job just to earn money to buy books and burn them. Donald felt very pleasant every time he burned a book. It was almost like he was burning the nasty, frightful ideas inside. Donald hoped to achieve the power to do it on a large scale some day.
As the friends boarded flight to Australia, they felt strange. Their escape had been entirely too easy. Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it. Shane was calm but still uneasy. They were being followed and neither recognized it.
Lydia began swim lessons as a toddler. She kept on progressing all through high school. She was the captain of her school's swim team. Lydia competed and won every swim race she entered. She ended up competing in the Olympics and took home the silver medal.
Brandi was sleeping in her bed. The weather was bad that night. Brandi felt a breeze on her leg coming from the window. She noticed the window was broken! Brandi got up and fixed the window as best as she could.
Sally was a lonely girl. She always played by herself in her room. She heard other kids outside playing but didn't know any of them. One day Sally decided to introduce herself to the other kids. Sally made lots of new friends and was never lonely again.
Jake loved car races. When he was a kid his dad would take him to the local ones. As he grew older he saved up for driving lessons. Eventually he got into the sport. He was able to make a decent living off of it.
Last friday was my sister's birthday. She really wanted a cake so I baked her one. I asked my friend to take it to my sister's house with me. On the way there, my friend dropped the cake on the car floor. We stopped at the store to buy a new one and my sister was happy.
Patrice wanted her dog to look fancy. She'd just been adopted from the shelter. Patrice wanted her to feel special. She got her a diamond and pink collar. The dog looked amazing!
Today was a big day. Today was Jennifer's first chance to dive after taking her classes. She went out on a boat with her friends and they got their gear ready. They were over the reef and dropped down into the water. The coral and the fish were all so beautiful underwater scuba diving.
Tim put a frozen burrito in his microwave. But after a minute, the heat made beans ooze out. He tried microwaving another one for a shorter time the next day. But the inside was still cold. No matter what, Tim would not heat prepare his frozen burrito right.
Kim was only 3 years old. But she found a pair of safety scissors in her older brothers room. She had seen people on TV use scissors to cut hair. So she cut off one of her little brothers braids. Her parents were very upset.
Tom had pain in his eye. He called the eye doctor. He set up an appointment. He saw the eye doctor. He felt better after seeing the eye doctor.
Joy decided to cook dinner. She bought all the ingredients. She decided to buy stuff to make mashed potatoes. As she was cooking she spilled a bottle of salt. Her potatoes were extra salty but still good.
Mary loved to make jewelry. She made a silver locket that opened and closed. She put some pictures inside the locket. She gave it to her friend Sally for her birthday. Sally was overjoyed.
Katy went to Red Lobster for the first time. She was so excited to try out a new restaurant. Katy had never eaten lobster before so she tried it that day. She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body. It was that day Katy discovered she was allergic to lobster.
Miranda decided to go to Dublin. It was spur of the moment. When she got there she wanted to go clubbing. Luckily her friends agreed. Miranda had so much fun.
Samantha wanted to go swimming in her pool. Her pool was dirty though. She didn't want to clean it. She got in the car. She drove to the beach.
Abby was a new student. She was the talk of the school. A lot of people wanted to be her friend. She was happy she was gaining some allies. When Abby came home she was happy.
Beth was at the Emergency room due to an illness which lasted days. The doctor came into the room and told her was simply a flu. He gave her an iv for nausea, and fluids. After 2 hours she felt a lot better. Her mother was relieved it was not serious.
Yesterday I was trying to ride a very mean bull. The bull tried to buck me off many times. I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds. It was the first time I had made the entire eight seconds. I have decided to try to work at rodeos for a living.
Fred was at a theme park and wanted to ride a roller coaster. He entered the long line and waited for hours. As he got close to the front of the line, he began getting nervous. At the last second, he decided to leave. But when he went home, he regret not riding the roller coaster.
Bill worked in the kitchen preparing chicken. His job was to wash, trim, and grill chicken for the soup. One day he ran out of chicken during the busy lunch rush. He substituted turkey for the chicken and hoped no one would notice. Bill's quick thinking kept him from upsetting the customers.
I always look forward to Fridays. It is our girls night. Three of always get together and catch up. We choose a restaurant and have drinks and dinner. It is our favorite day of the week.
Jimmy was a big Carolina Panthers fan. He wanted to go to a Panthers game. Jimmy's parents told him that he needed to buy his own ticket. Jimmy mowed lawns and helped his neighbors to raise money. Jimmy was able to buy a ticket to go to a game.
Amy got a new Chemistry set for Christmas. She decided to wait until her best friend Beth could come over. Beth also asked for a chemistry set. Amy called Beth excitedly. Beth sadly told Amy she did not receive a Chemistry set.
Jill's family lived all over the USA. Jill invited most of her family for dinner on Thanksgiving. When they started arriving, Jill had second thoughts. Having all different kinds of people in her house was hard to manage. Jill managed to remain calm and survive the holiday.
A large tree stood over a house. The owner of the house took an ax to the trunk. The tree began to lean away from the house. A strong breeze blew and the tree swayed the other way. Moments later the tree crashed down on the house.
Alex was lying in bed and noticed a bad smell. He looked everywhere in his room. Alex couldn't find where the bad smell was coming from. He walked to the kitchen and still smells something terrible. Turns out it was his shoes because he didn't wear socks.
There was a kid named Tim. Tim had a big yellow snake. The snake always ate big mice and rats. One day the snake got sick and did not eat his food. Tim took him to the veterinarian and he said he was just full.
Antonio decided he was going to donate blood. He had been terrified of needles his whole life. The nurse inserted a large the needle into his arm. He passed out instantly. He woke up tired but felt proud for doing a good deed.
The Professor did not give us any homework. So I went home and I watched a movie all night. Next day in class the Professor gave us a pop quiz. I was worried I would not pass since I did not study. The pop quiz was really easy and I got an A.
Carl was playing spin the bottle and the girl he liked was playing to. Carl really wanted the bottle to spin to her. It was Carl turn to spin the bottle. He spin the bottle and it landed on her. Carl was glad to have his first kiss be with the girl he liked.
My wife's three day old loaf of bread went bad today. I started looking at ways to retard mold. I thought refrigerating the bread would work. However, several websites said that would make things worse. I told my wife the sites said to freeze the bread.
Henry started at a new school. He didn't adjust well and had trouble fitting in. Henry began to fail his classes. His mother enrolled him into a private school. Henry's school grades began to improve.
I stood there next to my grandfather. He had just had a massive heart attack. He was at home to die comfortably. I held his hand as I thought of all of this. I whispered goodbye as I wiped tears from my eyes.
Tyler's parents told him to clean up the basement. It was going to be a big job and Tyler felt overwhelmed. He asked his friends for help but they hesitated. Tyler promised they could play with his Xbox in exchange. Everyone helped and soon they were all playing video games together.
Linda looked over the menu and decided on her pizza order. She called the pizza parlor and placed her order. She waited patiently then heard a knock at the door. She opened the door and paid the delivery driver, and got her pizza. She sat down and ate her pizza with her family.
My room was a mess. I picked my clothes off the ground. I made my bed. I vacuumed the floors. My room was sparkling clean.
I was watching football with my friend's dad. When my favorite team scored, I cheered. He looked at me funny so I asked him why. He told me that he was a fan of the opposing team. Now whenever we watch the game, we root against each other.
Will hated the movie theatre. He couldn't stand when his feet would stick to the floor. The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry. His problem was his crush wanted to see the new Nicholas Sparks movie. So he decided not to go and is sleeping on the couch for the week.
Kristi's parents own a sailboat. They allowed Kristi to bring a friend on their boat for the weekend. Kristi asked Carrie if she wanted to go sailing. Carrie had never been sailing but was happy to get the chance to go. Carrie had so much fun that day that she is now saving for a sailboat.
Ashley stared at her carpet. It had so many stains! She had two dogs and three small kids that were very messy. She called a carpet cleaner to come take care of it. He hooked up a machine to his truck and cleaned the carpets.
The woman hated her tile floors. She bought a giant rug to cover them up. They were colorful and pretty. But as soon as the dog stepped on them, they were covered in dog hair. She regretted her decision.
Lionel arrives home after work to a terrible smell. He searches each room slowly, sniffing all of the surfaces. The smell grows stronger as he reaches the back of the house. He opens the back door and finds raw sewage all over the yard. His plumbing bill ends up costing half his paycheck.
Tor Bjorn thought he was going insane. He was at a bar again, trying to pick up chicks. He saw a girl being coerced to follow a guy to his car at the bar. Tor stepped in and squared up to the guy. The guy hit Tor so hard his jaw shattered.
Valerie was cooking hot dogs on the grill. One of the hot dogs got really burnt. Valerie's friend Buzz told her he loved burnt hot dogs. Buzz ate the burnt hot dog. Valerie was glad that no food was wasted.
Bill wanted to learn to play the guitar. Bill watched some instructional videos to pick up techniques. Bill practiced every day for months. Finally, Bill tried out for a band. Now, Bill is touring the country as the band's lead guitarist.
Kelly ordered a screen protector for her iPad. It was made of glass. Kelly absolutely loved it. It has a clear finish and protected well. She was going to recommend it to all her friends.
Naomi liked to water ski during the summer. One summer there was a severe drought. The water level of the lake dropped precipitously. The water was so low that it was not safe for ski boats. Naomi was unable to water ski until the next summer.
Ted was swimming at the beach. It was a warm summer day outside. All of a sudden, he saw what appeared to be a shark fin. He immediately ran out of the water. He noticed that it was just a floating piece of cardboard afterwards.
Randy is driving his kids in his van. While driving it begins to rain. Randy loses control of the Van. The van goes flying in a ditch. Randy climbs out of the van and goes for help.
Ron feels tired after working very hard. He decides he would rather not cook dinner. Ron orders a pizza instead. When it arrives he eats the entire pizza. Ron is glad he ordered dinner tonight.
I collect comic strip original art. These are drawings on cardboard used to make comic strips. The Smith Family art usually sells for $40. Last week I bought as piece on ebay for $9. I was pleased with the acquisition.
Four skiers went up a tall hill. They tried to slide down a slippery slope. One skier died accidently on the hill. Two other skiers died going down the slope. The last skier didn't do any skiing.
On Hannah's 17th birthday she had dinner reservations with her family. She invited her boyfriend Brian to attend but he refused. He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner. Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead. She and her male friend had such a good time that she dumped Brian.
Bobby was wearing his white dress shirt for church. He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand. When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt. His mother shook her head, saying it was going to stain. Bobby got in trouble for not being careful.
The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail. Ducking into a store, he put the leather bag in a plastic one. He then mingled with the shoppers, confident in his deception. When the thief put down his bag, a helpful stock boy picked it up. The bag the stock boy left contained only peanut butter.
Margaret decided to bake a cake. She mixed all the ingredients together. Then, she put the cake in to bake. Unfortunately, she fell asleep after putting the cake in to bake. The cake was burned and ruined!
I tried sushi for the first time Tuesday night. It tasted disgusting. Water didn't even wash out the flavor. The taste stuck in my mouth for hours. I never ate sushi again.
Jessie called her mother. It was her mother's birthday. She was calling to say happy birthday. Jessie didn't buy her mother a gift. Jessie's mother did not answer the phone.
Katie and Fred were having their engagement at Laura's house. The two of them were very excited. However to their dismay, their enemy Tina arrived. They asked Tina to leave. She wouldn't leave so they were stuck with her.
We went to Darien Lake this weekend. We decided to jump in the Water. What an awful decision, it was freezing. My lips turned purple. I'm lucky to not be sick.
Lilly never thought about where food actually came from. One day she was walking along the edge of a field with her dad. He stopped and picked something off of a bush. He had found blackberries growing in the wild. They were so delicious Lilly couldn't stop eating them.
Shelly was late to dance class one day. Her brother had agreed to drop her off but he hadn't shown up. Shelly ended up having to walk. She was angry at her brother, but forgave him. He was glad.
Tom loved his yard. He would take great care of it. One day he noticed dead grass. Tom realized he was over watering the lawn. He cut back down and the grass got better.
Kevin bought a new remote control car. He called over his friend to show them the car. Kevin and his friends went to the park to play with the car. Kevin accidentally drove the car into the pond. The car was ruined.
Erika loved having candles lit. Candles made her house feel cozy. She would keep them lit all day. She would only blow them out when she slept. The candles were comforting to her.
Terry spilled water on her keyboard. She was so upset. She unplugged it immediately and let it dry out for a day. When she plugged it back in, she was very nervous it would not work. Luckily, it worked!
Amanda thought everyone had forgotten her sixteenth birthday. During the day, no one even wished her a happy birthday. After school, her mother picked her up and brought her back home. When she walked inside, there were all of her friends! Amanda realized they had been planning a surprise party!
Larry was getting married in two weeks. He had just one problem. He didn't have a best man! One day at work he saw an old best friend from college. The two caught up together and Larry asked him to be his Best Man.
The snow fell outside all night. When we woke up the kids were so excited. We gathered the sleds. We drove to the snowy hill. Everyone had a wonderful time sledding down the hill.
I fancied lots of women as a young man. I went on plenty of dates. Some of them were successful and others were not. I eventually found the one i was looking for. We got married and have two kids now.
Mark is watching Mrs Debbie's dog, Ralf, when she's gone for the week. On the last day, Ralf escapes through the back door! Mark spends all day looking for Ralf. When he gives up, he finds Ralf waiting for him back at the house. Mark decides he doesn't get paid enough for this job.
Amy and Nora went to the new Mexican place for lunch. They both ordered giant Margaritas and chips and salsa. Amy enjoyed a burrito and Nora had delicious fish tacos. While they were eating, a mariachi band came to their table. Before they left, they tipped the band because they were so good.
Right before bed, little Katie spotted a huge spider and told Mom. Mom said it wouldn't bother her and put Katie to bed. As Katie was lying in bed a huge shadow darted across the wall. Katie screamed and fell from her bed as Mom ran up the stairs. There, on her bedroom wall was a spider the size of Katie's hand!
Susie was getting her makeup done. It was for her wedding. But the woman did a bad job. Susie was disgusted. She had to fire her.
Ken's friends wanted to go kayaking. His friends picked him up early on a weekend morning. They went to the river and set up their boat. They all got in and Ken prepared for the wild ride. After much excitement, the crew finished their kayaking trip.
I made lunch today. I decided to make egg salad sandwiches. They are real good. I had to boil the eggs and dice them up, but it didn't take too long. I ate them and I was happy.
Tim was driving to work. A car sped past him. Tim kept driving. A mile later the car had been pulled over by a cop. Ha ha, Tim thought.
Zack was excited by his upcoming date. He couldn't decide which restaurant he would take his date to. He asked his best friend for advice. His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened. He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations.
Bernie bought a set a golf clubs with high expectations. He had never played but hoped to be good. When he went to the gold course, he tried to swing a few times. He thought he was pretty good so he tried it with a ball. He swung the club but ended up on the ground with the ball intact.
John's buddy set him up on a blind date. John was worried because the girl was described as being nice/ In his experience, a girl described as nice was usually unattractive. John rang the girl's doorbell, ready to be disappointed. John was thrilled when she opened the door, as she was beautiful!
Henry had trouble focusing on any task at hand. And he didn't know what was causing it. He decided to eat healthier and exercise. And his mood was much better throughout the day. Months later, Henry was much better at focusing.
Jake was having cereal for breakfast. He poured the cereal and milk into a bowl. Jake took a bite of the cereal. It was stale. Jake threw the rest of the cereal away.
A friend said he was hungry but could not leave work to eat. I worried my friend would die of starvation. I prepared a big platter of my friends favorite foods. I took the food to my friend at his job. Now I know my friend will not starve to death from not eating.
John wanted to learn how to play the violin. He went to the music store to buy one. He selected a cheap model that he thought would do for a beginner. He started practicing and two strings broke right away. John went back to the store and bought a better violin.
The Thomas family likes to go to the Cape every summer. This summer they stayed for 2 weeks. They had loads of fun, but there was a massive storm. The storm caused a power outage. Despite the outage, the Thomases still had fun.
Fargo was a boy. Fargo needed a friend. Fargo's parents got him a dog. He loved that pet like his friend. Fargo didn't need any friends his dog was his best friend.
I read about the Semitic Museum at Harvard University. I wanted to see some of their exhibits. I emailed them to see if they had an elevator. Sadly, they did not have one. I could not go as I have trouble climbing steps.
When I went out to my car to leave for work I found I had a flat tire. I opened the trunk and got out the tire iron and jack. My neighbor saw what was going on and came over to help. He changed my tire so I wasn't late for work. I wanted to thank him so I baked him peanut butter cookies after work.
Dewayne worships Tupac Shakur. First, he went out and bought tattoos all over his belly. Next he dropped out of college to be a rapper. Then he went on a video interview ranting about the East Coast. His friend told him he is going to get shot like Tupac.
John felt unusually tired. He went to the doctor for diagnosis. The doctor was advised he take a break from work. John decided to relax at home for the week. He was soon back to his vibrant self.
Sally wanted her hair in a French braid for junior prom. Her mom promised to do her best. She deftly, artfully twisted and curled Sally's strands. When she was done, Sally gasped at her reflection. Her hair was absolutely beautiful and perfect!
Larry is living with cancer. He was told he had days to live. He spent his last days surrounded by friends and family. Larry was enjoying his last moments on earth. The next day he passed away.
Alex was getting a little sister. He was not sure about this. He was used to being the only child. When the new baby came, Alex became very jealous. However, as time passed, Alex grew to love his new sister.
Gary was about to play a very important chess game. He was scared that his opponent would beat him. He snuck into his opponent's hotel room and changed his medicine. The opponent got sick and could not play. Gary won the match by default.
Abby was a very experienced diver. Since Abby loved diving, Abby decided to open her own diving business. In addition, Abby would be teaching individuals how to dive. Abby was shocked to find over 100 people signed up for her class. Abby was glad she could share her passion of diving with others.
All Greg's friends called him Grimey. Greg hated being called Grimey. He asked them why they kept calling him that. His friends laughed and said it was because he hated it so much. So Greg made up mean nicknames for all of them.
Angela works in the adult film industry. She's happy and confident in herself. People judge and ridicule Angela. She gets depressed and sad. Now Angela works as an accountant.
John was excited as he worked through his math test. He just knew he'd aced it as he filled in bubble after bubble. But when he got it back, he'd gotten a zero. He went to talk to his teacher about it. They realized he had filled in the bubbles one off for every question.
The knock at the door woke Mary with a start. She wasn't sure if it had been real, a dream, or her radio program. She'd fallen asleep to Mystery Theater. Running to the door, she decided to be sure. In walked her kitten, leaving Mary even more confused than before.
Tom was playing ball outside. He heard a meow and went to investigate. Tom found a lonely kitten by the tree. The kitten licked Tom. Tom took the kitten home with him to keep.
Jason was working hard. He was trying to craft a perfect song. He wrote down the lyrics. Jason practiced his song on his guitar many times. He was finally happy with it and thought that it might even be a hit.
Paula knew she would be placed on punishment. Paula recently sneaked out the house to go to a party. However, at the party, the police was called, and Paula got arrested. Once Paula's parents picked her up, she knew she was in trouble. Even though Paula was punished for months, Paula knew she was wrong.
A team entered a competition. They trained to win the obstacles. The day of the race arrived. They got pumped for it. They won the race!
Yesterday I had to dress up for a very important meeting. I had to look professional so I put on my best skirt and my best top. I then tried on various heels to go with the outfit. I found the perfect pair of heels and my whole outfit looked awesome. But before I entered the building to my meeting, my left heel broke!
Tony had two little girls that didn't live with him. He would go and get them every chance he was given. Tony always bragged on his oldest daughter. Whenever the oldest threw a fit with her mother, he'd run and get her. Eventually,he stopped picking up his youngest daughter.
Tim wanted to be on a professional basketball team. He was not the best on his high school team but had high hopes. He practiced every day as hard as he could, year after year. His basketball team went on to winning the nationals. Tim was asked by a NBA team to play for them, and he happily accepted.
There was a bird at my window. It had a broken wing. I took it in and fixed its wing. I nursed it back to health for several weeks. I was able to set it free and it flew away.
Rita and Steve got divorced, but they remain friends. Rita believes the divorce was the best thing that could have happened. She moved home to the family farm to help out for a few months. Everything worked out so well that Rita is planning to stay on there. This is the happiest Rita has felt in many years.
Courtney had her popcorn and soda. She settled into her theater seat to watch the movie. She was disappointed in the story line. It was a terrible movie! Courtney went home disappointed.
Sean had been drinking a ton of soda for months. He thought nothing of it until one day he went to clean his room. He found nearly one hundred cans of soda littering his room. This urged him to drop his soda addiction. It took awhile but soon he wasn't drinking any soda at all.
Ike wanted his nose pierced. He went to the piercing studio. There, a piercer washed his hands and sat Ike in a chair. He quickly pierced Ike's nostril with a silver hoop. Ike was happy with his new piercing!
James was a local drug dealer. He sold pills and marijuana to his neighbors. One day, James was approached by a stranger. The stranger pulled a gun and robbed James. After the robbery, the stranger shot James.
Yesterday Kelly baked some cookies. She put them in and forgot about them. To her surprise, the house came on fire. Kelly freaked out. Luckily the fire department came right away.
Bob was anxious about his first wire transfer. He'd never done one before and was skeptical of the process. He called his credit union to pester them only a day after sending. A friendly agent gave him a confirmation number. She told Bob his wife had already gone through!
Tom went to a restaurant with friends. It took them a long time to get seated. ONce they were seated nobody took their orders. They waited for a long time. Eventually they just stood up and went somewhere else.
The phone rang and I answered it. It was a woman who called the wrong number. We spoke for hours anyway. It was such a good conversation we exchanged numbers to talk again. That's how I met your mother.
Charlie was working on his car. He touched something hot and burned his arm. It hurt so bad! He put aloe on it. He was afraid he would have a big scar.
John was camping and needed some water. He grabbed a bucket. Then walked up a hill to the well. He got some water from the well. He went back to his camp with the water.
Jim and Ethan were about to leave for the ball game. Their ride finally arrived at Jim's house for them. They slightly opened the door when they were ready to leave. The little puppy sped out the door! Luckily, Jim was able to grab the puppy before she got too far!
Mike went to the dentist. The dentist told Mike he had three cavities. Mike knew it was from not brushing enough. After, Mike saw the bill for his cavity fillings. Mike decided he was definitely going to brush more often.
In the state Charles lives, not returning a library book is a crime. Charles found out how bad a crime. He forgot he had checked out library books. Then he received a letter to show up in criminal court. In court a judge told him the judge had to lock him away.
Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise. She invited her boyfriend, Zach, to join her. Zach agreed to go even though he hates boats. While on the cruise, Zach got terrible motion sickness. Anna had to take care of him the entire trip.
My parrot knows a lot of words. Most of the words are normal sentences. Some of them are bad words! One time when we had guests over the parrot swore. We don't have guests over a lot anymore.
A little girl saw a green light out the window. She got up and saw an alien spaceship! Aliens walked out of the spaceship. The aliens invited the little girl to ride with them. The little girl went into space with the aliens.
There was a pretty girl I liked named Nancy who went to my school. I was always nervous around her. I eventually gained up the courage to ask her out. To my utter shock, she said yes. Now we are happily dating.
Fran was really broke. She started doing all she could to get money. She needed to get caught up. She worked three jobs. Finally she was in a good place financially.
Judy was coming home from work. She decided to stop by a gas station to fill up. She overheard people talking about the big jackpot. She decided to take a chance and bought a ticket. The next morning to Judy's surprise she had won the jackpot!
Laura really wanted poutine from the mall. She didn't want to go to the mall just for that, so she shopped too. She found some clothes that she wanted and bought them! After shopping for a bit she sat down and had her poutine. She enjoyed it a lot and was very happy with it.
Jim took his daughter's hand in his own and wept. She was going to be marrying her boyfriend soon. Jim's wife had passed away years prior. He went to his closet and got his wife's wedding dress. He gave it to his daughter to wear on her wedding day.
Neil took a trip to Seneca. There, he gambled in their famous Casino. He even won five hundred dollars! Then he enjoyed a Native American dinner. Neil knew he would remember Seneca forever!
The fair was in town and Randy was excited. He took his girlfriend Sally with him. One of the tents had a target practice game. Randy gave it a shot. He won his girlfriend a giant stuffed animal.
Maddie was at school. She felt dizzy as she walked through the hall. She decided to go to the nurse. They couldn't do anything to help her dizziness. She decided to go home.
Rodney lived near the beach. Every year there was a clean up event put on by the town. Rodney and his grandmother went down to help out. They spent the day cleaning the beach of trash and debris. Rodney and his grandmother even got their picture in the paper!
Reece and her friends went to the restaurant. When they sat down they liked it. Yet unfortunately they saw a rat. Reece screamed. She was terrified.
It had been hot for five days. Kate was tired of the heat and humidity. She went to sleep irritated and hot. At 4 AM she was awakened by the sounds of rain and a breeze. She was relieved to see the heat had finally broke.
Jennifer looked way younger than her age. When we went out together, people thought I was with a kid. We got pulled over because she looked so young. She had to prove her age. The officer told her she looked silly with a purse on her arm.
Trevor was at his friend's house. His friend had gotten a new pet. Trevor had never heard of the animal, and thought it was weird. Trevor's friend showed him the little ferret. Trevor loved the animal and decided that he wanted one.
I met a great guy at the dog park. He patted my dog and then introduced himself. We ended up talking for an hour. He then suggested that we go to dinner. We ate at a great sushi restaurant that allowed dogs.
Marcia was excited about her first babysitting job. Her parents dropped her off to babysit for friends. Her parent's friends introduced the kids and left for the evening. Marcia asked the kids what games they wanted to play. The kids grinned and said they knew a game called Get the Babysitter.
Rufus decides to go to a bar with live music one night. However, the musicians announce that their fiddle player did not come. Rufus announces that he can play the fiddle. He joins the musicians to play a few songs. He is very happy that he went to the bar that night.
Eric was on his morning run. It was a foggy morning and he could not see due to the fog. He stumbled and tripped over a crack in the sidewalk. He tore his running shoes in half. Eric finished his run running barefoot through the grass.
I was raking up the leaves in my yard into a pile for disposal. I saw what I thought was a large stick of wood in the pile. I bent down to pull the stick out, but suddenly it moved! The stick was really a garter snake resting in the warm leaves. The snake slithered away and disappeared under the bushes.
Sam's favorite sport was basketball. He would always play with his friends at recess. His dad knew how much he loved basketball and wanted to surprise him. Sam's dad purchased tickets to a local college basketball game. Sam was so grateful and never forgot the wonderful gift.
Megan and her family were very poor. She had made a big pot of beans meant to last them for the week. When she went to serve them she realized they had spoiled. With no good food in the house, she was out of options. Luckily, she found some change in the couch to buy more beans.
Bill was walking home from work when he heard whining. It was coming from an alley. In the alley he found a very sick and filthy dog. The lonely dog seemed near death. Bill kindly fostered the dog until a loving home was found.
My truck isn't running very well so I asked a friend for some tools. They said they'd be happy to lend me some tools. So I went over to their place and borrowed some wrenches. I determined that the problem was most likely the fuel filter. I changed the fuel filter and now my truck runs fine.
Tom was at a Nascar racing event. Some people were acting wildly. Tom thought they were wild party animals. Tom watched their antics. Tom was amused.
Tina, a teenager, is amused with how popular her mother is. Her mother released a Rap album in the early nineties. The first day of ninth grade Tina had to introduce herself in class. Tina introduced herself and said the teacher already knew her. Her teacher asked how, and Tina told him who was her mother.
I visited my sister last week. We drove to the mountains for the weekend. We had to take the long way. Wildfires had closed the road for the short way. The smoke in the air made it hard to breathe.
Neighbors were amazed by Judy's green thumb. When pests overtook their gardens, Judy's flowers were unscathed. When the frost struck, Judy's plants remained green. One day, a little girl ignored the Don't Touch sign in Judy's garden. She reached in and got a plastic flower to give her mom.
Jon wanted to fit in at his new school. When classmates talked about their pets, Jon invented one of his own. He raved so much about his pet, the other kids wanted to see it. Jon said they could visit after school the next day to meet his pet. That night, Jon decided to skip school the next day.
Tay was drawing a pretty picture in art class. Then her crayon slipped and the picture was messed up! She started to cry, but her teacher hurried to console her. She told Tay that it was important to color outside the lines, too! Tay smiled, relieved, and continued drawing.
Sam and Sasha were decorating their first Christmas tree. They had put all of the lights and ornaments on it. Then they realized that they had no topper. Sasha decided to make one. She created a pretty pipe-cleaner star.
I accumulated a set of fireworks on the ground. I also took a lighter to ignite them. As soon as they went off, loud noises occurred. However, one of the sparks landed on me. I quickly tried to shake it off.
In 2009 our daughter got her Master's degree. She had been living in DC. After the graduation my wife and I helped her move back to Boston. She and her fiance and we drove nine hours in a truck back home. We were exhausted.
My sister-in-law was having trouble paying her bills. She ignored her credit card bills. She told us they could not get blood from a stone. She was then sued in court and had to pay something. A year later she filed for bankruptcy.
Sarah passed a pet store. In the window she noticed a playful kitten. She went inside and played with it for a while. She couldn't bear to leave without it. She decided to give the kitten a new home.
Pascale always followed a recipe to the letter. When she realized she didn't have celery  for her stew, she froze. Everything she had started cooking went in the trash can. She restarted again with a new recipe. But this time, she made sure she had all the ingredients.
Becky made some fresh coffee. She got it from a local organic grocer. When she gave her family members a try, they loved it. Becky then decided she wanted to buy it every week. She had to be careful though because it was so popular.
My friend Frank called me this afternoon. I worked with him from 2007 to 2011, when I retired. He still calls on occasion to update me about work. Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu. I told him to go home and take care of his wife.
Me and my friends were hanging out. We decided to sit and play card games. We played cards and smoked cigars. We also drank a little bit of rum and watched a movie. Afterwards, we went to a diner and got food.
Bobby and his family went on a hike in the woods. His mom told him to stay close but he didn't listen. All of a sudden he realized he was alone. He tried to backtrack but he couldn't remember how he got there. All of a sudden he heard a rustling as his parents came down the path.
Tommy was getting a new puppy for his birthday. His parents took him to the shelter to pick out the best one. Tommy looked at all of the puppies. He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play. Tommy was excited to take home his new puppy.
Rachel was riding her new bike for the first time. She was excited to try it. She took off the training wheels and hopped on. As she got on, she immediately lost balance and fell. She scraped her knee but thankfully it was benign.
I went to India. There were many lepers on the streets. I felt bad for them. I decided to donate to the leper charity fund. I made it a yearly tradition and it gave me joy to help them.
Gerald is very hungry. He decides to make dinner. Gerald cooks a delicious stir fry of meat and vegetables. After eating he feels very full. Gerald is content now that he is no longer hungry.
Simon has been falling behind in school. He often forgets to turn in homework. He doesn't want to go to summer school. He starts checking his teacher's homework website for assignments. He avoids summer school by bringing his grade up to a C-.
When Joy was ten Year's old, her family moved. She had to go to a new school and make new friends. She was very nervous about her first day at school. At lunch, she asked a group of girls if she could sit with them. The girls were funny and cool, and Joy felt better!
I was so excited that it was time for Spring Break. This year we went to the History Museum in Chicago. While at the museum my brother swallowed a large bug. He felt very sick after eating the bug. We decided that we will not go to the History Museum next year.
I use my old wagon to haul firewood. I've gotten used to stacking it very heavy. Now the wagon is getting old. The wheel fell off after I overloaded it. No new wagons can replace the old metal one.
Gina lived in Syria. When the rebels began to take over, her family fled to Turkey. Once in Turkey, Gina's family applied for asylum in the United States. The application process took two years. Finally they were approved and now live in New York.
Gavin went to the garden center to buy a peach tree. He chose the tallest tree on the lot. Gavin was so excited he forgot how small his car was. The tree was far too large to fit inside the car. He had to carry the tree back home to his house himself.
Jackson was interested in learning to play the oboe. However, his school did not offer instruction in the oboe. Jackson found an independent oboe tutor. He practiced the oboe every day with his tutor. Jackson became one of the best oboe players in town.
Amy was having trouble paying her rent on time. She decided to ignore her landlord and quit her job. One day the landlord showed up with police officers! They forced Amy out of her apartment. Now she sleeps in the park.
I walked through the forest at midnight last night. While on my walk, I came across a little fox. He was small, but I was still frightened. Being more afraid of me, the fox ran away. I quickly walked home, determined to take a friend with me next time.
Jake had just been to the grocery store. While there he bought a dozen of eggs. When he got home, he took his eggs out of the car. As he was doing so, he tripped. Jake broke all his eggs.
Tim was in elementary school. He had his mother drive him to school every morning. He cherished those drives with his mother. Tim would enjoy the drive and conversations with his mother. Tim was grateful to be driven to school each morning, by his mother.
Jenny was riding in her car with her family. Ahead of her was a huge passenger bus. Suddenly the bus swerved into another lane and crashed. Jenny and her husband helped rescue people from the wreck. Luckily, no one was hurt too badly.
Allie lost her leg in an accident. She had to get it removed. It was painful. But luckily she got a prosthetic. It worked great.
A woman was walking outside of a mall. There was some music playing on a loudspeaker. She began dancing. People began looking at her. People looked at her like she was crazy.
Joe frantically filled the cat's food dish. He sighed, upset at himself for forgetting to feed the cat earlier. Joe placed the food dish in front of the cat. The cat looked at Joe and meowed. The cat then swatted the food dish, sending it flying.
Rachel's mother's birthday was tomorrow. She set off to the grocery to buy a birthday cake. She carefully weighed her options and selected a cake to buy. She asked the bakery clerk to write happy birthday for her. Rachel laughed when she realized the clerk misspelled birthday.
Ana didn't like dogs and never had. Her husband wanted one, but she resisted. Then finances forced her to take a job walking dogs! To her surprise, she soon found that she enjoyed the dogs very much. She and her husband went out to buy a dog as soon as they could!
Sarah was born with a large birthmark on her cheek. And everyone made fun of her. But in school, she finally made friends. And they reassured her there was nothing wrong with the birthmark. Sarah thought she would be nothing without her friends.
Carl was on Facebook. He noticed a new friend request. He didn't recognize who it was at first. He sent a message asking as such. It turned out to be an old friend Carl liked.
Sam returned to his home after work. He went to feed his cat. Sam's cat was nowhere to be found. Sam searched everywhere for his cat. His neighbor was able to find his cat the next day.
Michael was starving. The fridge was empty. His wallet was missing. His mom came for a surprise visit with some sandwiches. Michael cried out in joy.
Andrea was excited to go on vacation to Jamaica. She was going on an anniversary trip with her husband. Their first night, they sat on the beach and listened to steel drums. They danced under the moonlight. When they got home, Andrea started planning their next trip.
Doug wore a comb-over to hide his bald head. Working outside on a hot windy day, Doug needed a solution. He found a clear plastic bag kept his hair in place. Doug went about his yard chores and forgot about his hair. The he heard loud guffaws from a car of teens driving by.
Tim wanted to learn to swim. His cousins thought it would be smart to force him into it. They threw him into the deep end of the pool. Tim panicked and started drowning. His cousins had to jump in and save him.
Chris was excited about the science fair. He really worked hard on his project this year. Chris practiced presenting his project the day of the fair. The judges were impressed with his project. Chris won first prize.
My 99 year old friend Ben is getting less dependent. He is walking more slowly. He is forgetting things. His daughter used to visit every so often but is now here daily. I think Ben might have to go to a home soon.
Tammy liked to play the piano. She broke her arm roller skating today. She feared she wouldn't be able to play the piano anymore. Her mother hired her a teacher to help her play with one arm. In one month she was playing the piano again.
Sean had a guitar. He wanted to write a song. He jammed a bit. Then, some ideas came to him. He wrote them down until he had a song.
I used to have a nerdy friend from childhood. We parted when he got married and had kids. He eventually called me to reconnect after his divorce. He told me that he was on drugs now and abusive to his wife. He had changed way too much for us to be friends again.
The new kid was very pretty. She walked into the room to sit down. She sat next to a girl who seemed friendly. The girl didn't feel well. She was shocked to see her become ill all over her desk.
Jay wanted to give his kids cool Halloween costumes, but he was broke. He decided he would craft the costumes himself. He made ghost costumes out of two old sheets. They weren't much, but Jay's children loved them. Jay was so glad he'd given his kids a good Halloween!
Mrs Sarver had a cookie jar with cookies. She found that cookies were missing from the jar. She hid in a pantry closet. She watched her son steal the cookies. She punished with for a week.
Lucy tried out for cheerleader. She did not think she was going to make it. She messed up the words to the cheer. She also forgot part of the dance. When the names were called, Lucy made cheerleader.
Last night I went out to eat at Italian food for dinner. The food was very delicious. However to my surprise I found a hair in my food. I was absolutely appalled. Thankfully the waiter replaced my dish.
Henry carried his lunch box to the cafeteria. He took out several snacks, including his sandwich. A group of upperclassmen surrounded him. They were interested in his food. Therefore, they stole everything and walked away.
Rebecca was at the grocery store. She decided to pick up a cheap lottery ticket. As she scratched it she couldn't believe her eyes. Her numbers meant she had one a big deal of money. Her life changed for the better from then on.
Maria carved a pumpkin for Halloween. When she was done, she took all the seeds and washed them. Then, she roasted the seeds. When they were done roasting, she tasted them. The roasted seeds were delicious!
Debbie was a devout vegetarian. She decided to become a professional chef. Debbie enrolled in culinary school. The school required her to prepare meals using meat. Debbie dropped out of school because this went against her beliefs.
Greta always enjoyed stand up comedy. She decided to try doing stand up at a local open mic. Her jokes totally bombed, and she left the stage in tears. Greta decided to improve her stand up routine. After a year of doing stand up comedy, she won $50 in a local contest.
It was Christmas Eve and Penny could not wait to see Santa. Before she went to Bed, Penny got out some milk and cookies. She placed the milk and cookies on the table just for Santa. She could not wait for Santa to eat the dessert. Penny went to bed feeling hopeful for Santa to come.
I used to volunteer for a non-profit, doing fundraising. I quit this group this summer. Yesterday a member asked me to proofread a letter. I happily complied. I said I could not fund raise, but would help out by proofreading.
Young five-year-old Kate hated vegetables on her food. She sat at the restaurant and glared at the pizza on her plate. She began picking off the spinach until her mother scolded her. Her mother told her she'd lose her hair if she didn't eat spinach. Kate then decided vegetables are a very important part of her diet.
Tina was having a panic attack. She was freaking out about her test tomorrow. She needed to get the edge off. So she boiled some stress relief tea. Thankfully it helped enough for her to get some sleep.
Laura poured milk on a bowl of cereal. Some of the cereal had shapes floating on them. The shapes were bright green or white. Her husband said there was nothing wrong with her cereal. Laura made an appointment to see the eye doctor.
Neil was bicycling around Ireland. He loved the small towns. And the locals were friendly! But those weren't Neil's favorite things. His favorite thing was the beautiful Irish countryside!
Kay was teaching adult literacy at the community center. On her first day she met a man named John. John had never read anything before. Soon she had him sounding out simple words. In under a month John could read whole books by himself!
My daughter and I sat outside to watch the blood moon last summer. We talked for hours and really bonded. The moon itself was breathtakingly beautiful. We realized we both had a real interest in space. The next day we went out and bought a telescope.
Chris had been wanting to change jobs for months. He finally got the courage to quit his job. He wasn't sure what he was going to do. He went on several interviews. He finally found his dream job.
My apartment was looking filthy. I bought a new broom at the store to help clean up. I swept until lots of dust was in the air. The dust made me sick for a week. I then decided to hire a maid to clean.
Jill and Sue took a trip When they arrived they were both robbed by the taxi driver. They both met police men who showed them around the island. They eventually recovered their luggage and money. Jill and Sue are still glad they came.
Kia's grandma upgraded her car to a newer model. She gave the old car to Kia as a Sweet Sixteen present. Kia was so thrilled, and she hoped her parents would allow it! After talking it over, they agreed, as long as Kia paid the insurance. Kia eagerly started applying for jobs the very next day!
Jimmy just became a police officer in Chicago. He is only two weeks into his job and he is nervous. Every time he responds to calls he gets very worried. His partner told him that the nerves go away in time. That news made Jimmy feel a little better.
The hurricane came into town. The windows in my house were destroyed by the strong winds. My family ran into my tool shed to be safe. After several hours, we came out. My family helped me clean up the broken glass on the floor.
Tom was at the pound. He wanted a new pet. There was an ugly cat in one cage. It was surprisingly sweet and caring. Tom decided to adopt it.
Kyle walked in his house and smelled something terrible. He looked everywhere for the source of the smell. He could not figure out where it was coming from. He finally looked in his gym bag. It was his socks.
Courtney was learning how to knit. She worked hard every day to learn how to get better. Soon, she could make a pair of socks in less than an hour. She worked every day to become great at knitting. She was proud of her handiwork!
John was flat broke and didn't have a job. He made it a point to go to the library every day to learn something. Today he stumbled on an older book on how to code in HTML. John became so good that he learned other web technologies. Eventually he landed a high-paying job building websites.
Tom was on a trip. He traveled by airplane. Tom's luggage didn't arrive with him. He had to deal with the airline. Tom got his luggage the next day.
There was 30 seconds left in the 4th quarter. Our starting quarterback left the game since he got hurt. The team didn't want Brad to replace his position. On the contrary, the coach trusted him. Brad ended up making a pass that ended up as a touchdown.
Becca was going on a tour with her husband. They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries. At each one they sampled wines and cheeses. By the end of the tour they were relaxed and happy. They returned home laden with lots of potable souvenirs!
It started raining this morning. I spent some time making coffee and sitting down. Opening the curtains, I saw the pretty rain. It rained all morning. Now I don't need to water my garden!
John was playing a long RPG game on his game console. As he was approaching a critical stage, the phone rang. He turned off the console to answer the phone. When he came back, he was devastated. He had turned off the console without saving his progress.
Ben received a new guitar for his birthday. He had never played before and spent many hours watching videos. He began to get frustrated when he was not learning to play. He gave away the guitar to his sister. After a while, Ben regretted giving the guitar away and bought another.
Anna married the love of her life. He made very little money, but she didn't care. After the wedding, he pulled out two tickets. He had saved all year to surprise her with them. They were honeymoon tickets - to Hawaii!
I went to the neighborhood park to play. There was something on the ground that looked like a pear. I picked it up and it was a bees nest! Quickly I ran and threw the nest but a bee stung my hand. Sometimes things are not what they look like.
As the doctor gave me the first shot, he told me I would be nervous. I thought he meant I would get scared. When I got home and sat on the couch, I found out what he meant. I couldn't stop my legs and arms from trembling. I tried to be still, but even in my sleep, I trembled all day.
Sam was a star athlete. He ran track at college. There was a big race coming up. Everyone was sure he would win. Sam got first place.
Joe bought a whoopee cushion to prank his roommate, Rob. Joe invited his girlfriend over to watch the prank unfold. Rob found the whoopee cushion and put it in Joe's chair. When Joe's girlfriend arrived, Rob invited Joe to have a seat. Rob got his revenge, and in front of his girlfriend!
The fish slipped right out of my grasp. The net was lowered right by the fish. I wish I had been quicker. I had to bend below the dock. I had gone fishing with a friend at a pond.
When Kris was young he scared his parents. He got lost at Hollywood Studios. They closed down the park because he couldn't be found. They eventually found him on top of the Honey I Shrunk the Kids playset They now tell his kids this story to remind him.
Terry had been getting calls from a strange number. Every time he'd answer, there was dead silence. Terry started to recognize the number. Terry got a call from the number. He didn't answer it.
My niece's 4 year old son had a lazy eye. She took him to an eye doctor. He recommended wearing glasses and doing eye exercises. Her son had anger issues, and he refused to do either. He still has a lazy eye, five years later.
I didn't have references for work. The hiring manager asked for my references. I decided to give him my parent's phone numbers. The hiring manager called my parents. My parents put a good word in for me but I didn't get the job.
When I was a teenager, my mom and I were going on a shopping trip. I was really hungry, so I decided to make a snack before we left. I put a ham and cheese sandwich in the microwave, and asked how long. Mom thought I meant how long before we left, and said 10 minutes. I ended up burning my sandwich after putting it in for 10 minutes.
Amy bought a toy for a friend's new baby. The baby didn't seem interested in the toy. The mother reminded her the baby was too small to play. 4 months later Amy received a picture of the baby with the toy. It turned out the baby loved the toy after all.
James and Lily were young and in love. They decided to get matching tattoos one night. They wanted each others names on their backs. Lilly went first and got James's name perfectly on her back. James went next and got Lilly's real name Lillian on his back.
I was playing with kids in Canada. They had just left. So someone decided to do donuts in a van. The police came by. They said we shouldn't do that beside a daycare.
Tim had his first piano recital today. He was incredibly scared to go on stage. Tim was terrified he would mess up. Thankfully though, Tim didn't miss a beat. He ended up doing great.
Helga plays the saxophone in a jazz band. Before a show, she is always nervous. She warms up as far away from other people as she can. She does scales and deep breathing exercises. You'd never know she was nervous from how she plays on stage!
Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy. During lunch he had a hard time eating his food. His co-workers told him that he should see a doctor. After work he went to see his doctor. The doctor gave Eric some pills and said he would be fine.
Sam paid to have a pool built at home. He figured he made good money and his family would like it. Sam was downsized at work. He had to cut back on expenses. Unfortunately Sam couldn't keep paying to build the pool.
I was driving down the road. A truck was speeding beside me. I did not see it. I started to change lanes. It caused a dent over my tire.
I set my coffee pot to brew this morning. It was supposed to start at 5 o'clock. At 6 o'clock, it still hadn't brewed. It's broken. I have to buy a new one.
David saw the toy in the window, he wanted it desperately. His dad told him no, that they couldn't afford it. David sulked in his room, but decided he knew how he could get it. He began raking leaves and shoveling snow. Three weeks later, he bought the toy himself and his dad was proud.
Bobby was dreading his dental appointment. He took good care of his teeth, but worried he did something wrong. The dentists were all very warm and welcoming. The dental appointment went through without a problem. Bobby felt better about the prospect of future dental exams.
Paulina loved looking fancy. She wore a lot of jewelry. She liked knowing she sparkled wherever she went. She went to the mall and bought seven new bracelets. She put them all on at once!
Justin was at a diner. The diner had a jukebox. Justin played the same song six times in a row. The other patrons started to moan. The manager told Justin he couldn't play the jukebox anymore.
Cindy was given a glass angel for Christmas. She sets it out every year. It is her favorite piece. This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it. Cindy has never been so devastated.
Greg was chopping wood. The mosquitos were biting him hard. He put on a sweater. They started biting his face. He covered his face with a scarf.
Amy's mom decided they should eat healthier. Amy was sad to see her mom throwing out her favorite foods. She didn't want to eat what her mother cooked for lunch. Amy was hungry but there was nothing good to eat at home. Amy went and had lunch at her friend's house.
Patty is surprised that it is becoming so cold this fall. She decides that she needs something warmer to wear. When walking downtown one day she sees a wool vest in a shop window. She buys the wool vest after trying it on. Patty feels ready to face the cold weather now.
Sara was a candidate for prom queen. At prom, she was hopeful. She really wanted to win! But when the winner was announced, it wasn't her. Sara was dismayed.
A student wanted to improve their test scores. The student recreated the exact exam questions as best as possible. The student would only change out the variables in questions. The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight. The student saw their grade average increase.
Reba is walking down the street. She gets mugged. Her purse is taken and her watch. She tries running after them. She cannot catch them and they get away.
A man had been blind for ten years. He was very good at walking with a cane. He decided he might like to get a seeing eye dog. He got one named Tony. Tony was so much more helpful than the cane!
Sarah wanted to read a newly released book. She went to the library. It was closed. She went to the bookstore. She read it there in the stacks without paying!
George was walking past a row of parked bikes. Suddenly, he bumped one of the back tires. This caused all of the bikes to go falling over. He looked around and saw that no one had seen. Quickly, he fled from the seen.
I bought a sewing machine because I wanted to learn how to sew. My first project was to make a simple bag. It turned out really well. I've made many projects over the years. The best project was a party dress that I made out of satin last year.
One of our coworkers had four daughters. They lived in the suburbs and played in a field nearby. One day the youngest girl, 6, had flu-like symptoms. When she was sick for a week her doctor sent her to the hospital. She was diagnosed with Lyme Disease.
Bill was nervous for the baseball game. Bill hadn't had much luck during training. Training had been really rough for him. The game was today. Bill's team managed to win.
My brother needed a haircut. He went to the barbershop. The barber asked him how short he wanted it. My brother said very short. The barber cut his hair to perfection.
I began to amass a huge collection of books. Most of them were thick and very verbose. Some were simple, such as collectible comic books. Soon we filled an entire wall of shelves with our book collection. Now we can choose to read anything at any time.
Kate lived with roommates. She always wanted to save electricity. They split the bill evenly but she used less. Eventually she asked others to care more. They told her they would.
Lorraine grew up without money. One day, she saved up enough money to buy some bread. She ran into a frail man begging for change. She gave him all her money. A baker who saw this hired her as a worker.
Robert was a fat man. One day Robert decided to get in shape. He signed up for a gym membership. He worked out every single day. By the end of the year Robert lost 50 pounds.
One of the first dog's I can remember liking was a pitbull. In high school, my best friend had one. At first I was scared of dogs, but this one was loving and playful. He never bit anyone, and loved to play. As I grew, so did he, with my friends kids, never bit anyone at all.
Jenny has been very hot all summer. She has an air conditioner, but it's a window unit. It doesn't put out enough power to cool her whole house. Jenny bought another window unit for the kitchen. Now her whole house is cool this summer.
Mike was scrawny as a young boy. He was tired of being so small. He started lifting weights in high school. Mike is now the strongest person he knows. Mike now competes in weightlifting tournaments.
Harry woke up one morning. He walked to the bathroom but the toilet wouldn't flush. He checked his house but the water was not working. He called his water department and they came out to his house. The workers fixed the problem, and Harry took a shower.
My brother and his family went to buy food for a grave visit. The Chinese do this during Ching Ming. His future son in law Tim, who is white, came along. Tim almost threw up when he smelled the Chinese Supermarket. My brother said Tim needs to adjust to Chinese culture.
Michael had an anger problem. He would always hit himself when he got mad. Today he had an argument with his girlfriend. Instead of hitting himself in the head, he hit a wall. His hand broke in two spots and now he has a cast.
Tom's window had a crack where light went through. It would be especially bad in the mornings. The light would wake him up extra early. Tom thought about getting darker curtains. Instead he just used it as a natural alarm.
Terry always enjoyed playing chess. He challenged his grandfather to a game. His grandfather was very good. They played many games that afternoon. Terry and his grandfather both won and had a good time.
Luke was in a bad mood. He lost a $5 bill somewhere. He thought maybe someone stole it from him. Luke had looked everywhere he could think of. Luke couldn't buy himself dinner.
Dan encountered a bigger kid at his new school. The bigger kid began bullying And, pushing him around. Dan finally decided he had taken enough harassment. Dan slugged the bully right in the face. Now the bigger kid respects And, giving him plenty of space.
Marcus was tired of the cold weather in his town. He decided he needed a vacation somewhere warm. A coworker recommended he try going to Cancun, Mexico. Marco swam in the ocean on his trip to Mexico. He was very happy that he had visited somewhere warm.
A fly was buzzing around the house. Chris kept trying to swat it. He kept missing! He gave up and tried to sleep. The fly landed on him in his bed!
There was once a little daisy. The little daisy loved the sun. One day it got very cloudy. The flower was sad. Later the sun returned and the little daisy was happy again!
Jane was a stay at home mother. She thought being at home was boring. She wanted to work outside of the home. Jane couldn't afford daycare for her child. Jane's husband became a stay at home father so she could work.
I was late for work today. The gas gauge on my car is not working. I ran out of gas on the way to work. Roadside assistance was busy and took some time to get to me. I'll miss dinner since I have to stay late and make up the lost time.
Nellie decided to keep a diary. She wrote in it every day after school. At first her entries were stilted and brief. But gradually, she started to write longer and more detailed entries. Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend!
I went to get a new phone today at my phone service providers. I picked out a new one to upgrade to and traded in the old phone. After paying, I went out of the store with my new phone. I heard a huge noise as I got into my car in the parking lot. I looked down and my new phone was shattered on the ground.
Alicia went rock climbing. She started climbing the cliff. Fear engulfed her. She was afraid she would fall. Thankfully she made it safe,
To advertise his business, James make promotional pens. He handed them to people on the street. A person kept asking how much he was selling the pens for. James had to explain that the pens were free. The person was skeptical and refused to accept one.
The woman lost her purse. Someone called to return it. The money that was in the purse was gone. The woman asked about the money. There was no money in it when the person found it.
Olivia was playing chess with Tim. But she was tired of losing. She played more and more to try to improve. But she didn't get any better. Olivia quit playing chess.
Tom was new to construction work. On his first day he didn't know how to pour the cement. The boss yelled at Tom for messing up. The crew couldn't fix it and left it for a day. Later that day, a car hit the bad cement and crashed.
I adopted two dogs a few Year's ago, a male and a female. The adoption place never informed me that they weren't fixed. They ended up have eight puppies together! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies. I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs.
Marge loved to look at old pictures in her picture album. So when her son gave her a tablet, she was confused. He explained that she could keep more pictures there than before. She took many new pictures with the new tablet. And she loved to be able to look at them easily and right away.
Ana met her high school BFF after eleven years! She saved his number in her phone right away. Then, that night, she dropped the phone in her pool! Luckily, though, the next day her old friend called HER! She explained what happened-he gave her his number again, laughing!
Karol was ready to start the school year. She had bought notebooks, pens, and binders. On the first day of class, she was sure she would be prepared. She opened her backpack in the morning. She had taken her brothers things to school.
John loved to bake. One morning he made a cake. He took it to work with him. John shared his cake with his fellow workers. Everyone loved it.
I was walking in the neighborhood and noticed a strange object. I didn't know what it was. I've approached the object and gently touched it. The object began to move and a swarm of hornets came out. I ran to a pool and jumped in it.
Michael's is trying to adjust his sleep schedule. He's been waking up in the afternoon and sleeping in the morning. He's always considered himself a "night owl". Tonight, he's planning to take some melatonin. He's hoping to sleep through the night.
The man saw a friend at a coffee shop. He challenged his friend to a game of chess. His friend agreed. His friend offered a bet. They played a game for money.
The neighbor's dog had been missing for days. All of a sudden it ran in front of a driving car. The car wasn't able to stop in time. The neighbors found their dog. Unfortunately it had died.
Kelly decided to have a golf tournament with her friend. The girls went back and forth. Finally Kelly won. Her friend took her out to dinner. Kelly couldn't wait to beat her again.
Sue wanted to go on vacation after studying hard in college. She completed all her term papers and exams. Sue and her friends planned their vacation. They packed up their bags and drove to an airport. They hopped on an airplane and flew to an island getaway.
My wife made me a cake for my birthday. She only put one candle on it. I blew it out easily. Asked her why there weren't fifty candles. She said the cake wasn't big enough.
Nancy had an uncle who was very sick. She went to visit him to say her final goodbye. With a tear in her eye she told him how much she cared. Later on he passed away peacefully. Nancy was sad but knew he was no longer in pain.
One day Suzanne went to Massachusetts. First she went to Boston Common. Then she went to Old Sturbridge Village. Finally she went to New England Aquarium. She had a great time.
Beth was a manipulative person and made people not like her. She would hatch up plans in order to get her hands on money. She didn't care for anyone and was conniving to no end. One day she hatched a plan that would net her millions in fraud money. She was caught before and the police sentenced her to 40 years.
Gina's sister started a fight. Gina was trying not to hit her. Instead she held her arms and pushed her away. But her sister kept trying to fight her. Gina held her arms behind her back till she finally cooled off.
Stacey was competing in a swimming competition. She wanted to make sure she would win big. She got in the water and tried her best. Thankfully she won a gold medal. Stacey was so happy.
Steve had recently purchased a violin. After bringing it home, he found it out that it was too big. Steve decided to give the big violin to his brother. Steve's brother paid Steve a lot of money as compensation. Steve was satisfied with the payment.
Adam couldn't find his baseball hat. He looked all over the house. Adam finally found the hat in his brother's room. Adam accused his brother of stealing the hat. Adam and his brother got into an argument.
Pam always cooks tacos on Tuesdays. Her family always looks forward to Taco Tuesdays. This Tuesday, she had to work at night. The family was disappointed. Pam decided to make tacos the following day.
The love of Chad's life had cheated on him. He got on a bridge and was about ready to jump. As he turned his head, Chad noticed a woman about to do the same. He stopped her from jumping. They got coffee later that night, and eventually married.
The man broke the plate. He picked up the pieces. He glued the plate back together. His wife saw the glued plate. She threw it away.
Karin was born without a right ear and never felt normal. Hoping to get help, her parents told her story to the local newspaper. A 3D company contacted her parents with a possible solution. The company made a mold of her left ear and started printing. Soon Karin had a new ear and was playing happily with her friends.
Jake was biking at the park. He didn't notice a large mud puddle in the ground. His bike splashed mud all over his pants. Jake changed into shorts when he got back to his car. He put his dirty clothes into a plastic bag.
Kelly was in kindergarten and she loved it. Her teacher was planning an Easter egg hunt. On the morning of the hunt, Kelly was sick. She was so sad that her mother planned an egg hunt at home. Kelly was so happy that she didn't miss having an egg hunt.
Amanda was supposed to meet her boyfriend. She was walking through a dark part of the neighborhood that night. Suddenly, she heard an animal growl in the distance. She was scared so she began to run. Luckily, she made it inside safely.
Tom and Jane met in math class. They hit it off splendidly. They dated for years, even through college. Tom proposed after five years. Tom was going to marry Jane.
Dakota thought he was pretty good at playing detective. If something was missing, he could find it with some thinking. His parents challenged him by asking him to find their car keys. After retracing some steps, he found them under a pile of papers. His parents were impressed.
Pat noticed the bear. He hid behind a tree. The bear walked towards the tree. The man ran down a hill. The bear just watched him.
I was frantic when my dog ran away. I immediately called my neighbors to see if they had seen him. No one had, so I put up posters around town with his name and picture. Someone called me about an hour later to say he was in her yard. When I picked him up, he jumped all over me and gave me doggy kisses.
Sue, Bob and John were close friends. All three of them were fast runners. Bob was the slowest and always finishing last. They went to the same high School. During their track running in College, bob became the fastest.
Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop. As she was walking around outside, she felt sharp pains. She began to scream help as she was going into labor! She sat down under a shady tree and bore down to push. Five minutes later, she delivered her baby with the help of passersby.
Mark had waited weeks to play golf. He got an afternoon free from work. He quickly headed to the golf course. The golf course was not busy and he got a tee time with no problem. Mark played 18 holes on uninterrupted golf.
Tim had smoked for many Year's. He really wanted to quit! So he bought special gum and patches to help him. It was hard, but he persevered. In a few months he had quit for good!
Sarah was excited, but nervous for the dance. The dance had been advertised for months at the school. Sarah didn't have a date, but wanted to go anyway. She locked eyes with Steve across the gym. Steve came over and asked her to dance.
The class was talking at a high volume. The teacher got mad and decided to yell at everyone. He told us to stop talking although the talking continued. When the dismissal bell rung, he held the class. Everyone was late to their next class.
We have a big garden. My Mom likes to freeze the vegetables we grow. Sometimes we have too many vegetables to fit in our freezer. Our neighbors sold us their old freezer. Now we have all the freezer space we need.
Kenny met the love of his life on a beach. He was forced to quiet one of them. Kenny often comes out to look at the sunset alone. Kenny wishes his lover was there with him. Kenny's heart smiles as he remembers their love.
Mike is always taking care of everyone. He carries a first aid kit in his bag and always has snacks. Once, I cut my finger when I was climbing a tree. Mike just pulled out peroxide and a bandage! It's good to have Mike around.
David grew up as a catholic. His parents took him to church every sunday. David was growing older and he started going less and less. Eventually he stopped going altogether. He eventually became an atheist and lost his religion.
Nola performed in a community theater play for seven nights. Her kids came and sat up front, all seven times. The play did not receive a lot of public attention. But since Nola's kids told her she was great, she didn't care. Her kids' love and admiration thrilled her!
Gregory received a pair of sunglasses as a gift. He thought that they were the best gift he had ever gotten. Gregory showed off the sunglasses wherever he went. People started to think that he liked the sunglasses too much. No one hangs out with Gregory any more.
Jim found a large quartz crystal in the forest. He took pictures and tweeted its location. People began visiting it, because it was so cool looking. Some of the local jocks didn't like all the attention it was getting. They smashed it with sledgehammers when no one was around.
Sheila decided to have a picnic. Sheila brought hot dogs and invited her friends. Ants got into the picnic basket. Her friends decided to buy burgers instead. They had a great time at the picnic anyway!
Mary was taking gymnastics classics. She was practicing a routine. Mary landed wrong on her ankle. She broke the ankle badly. Mary couldn't do gymnastics for months.
We went by the house that is being built. We looked at all the new rooms. One of the rooms was missing a light hole. They drywalled over the hole. They had to have someone come back to fix it and make it right.
John and Sam studied in the same school and were very good friends. They would meet each other everyday after school to talk and play. Sam found out that his parents had decided to move to another city. The two of them vowed that distance would not break their friendship. They kept up their word and called each other everyday over phone.
Andrew just bought his dream car. A nineteen-sixty seven Pontiac GTO. He didn't like the color. So he got a paint job. He made his car a light blue.
The woman was diagnosed with cancer. She did chemotherapy. The chemotherapy made her feel bad. She stopped doing the chemotherapy before it was done. She asked the doctor for alternative treatments.
Jamie was out in her yard playing one day. She was tossing a ball around. Jamie accidentally tossed the ball over the fence. She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball. Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball!
My cousins introduced me to their cat. He was black and white. His name was Sylvester. Every time anyone spoke to him, he meowed. The kids thought he was trying to talk to my cousins.
Tina was driving home. A police car pulled her over. Tina was afraid she broke the law. The cop told her her tail light was out. He just gave her a warning and told her to fix it.
A famous rocker went to a party hosted by him. This was a party where he just wanted to hang out with the fans. Instead, everyone shone their cameras at him. He was very unhappy about it. He had to deal with it for 4 hours.
Julie has always been interested in Latin American culture. She decides to learn Spanish as a way to find out about the culture. Julie studies Spanish very hard at school. At first it is difficult, but eventually she masters Spanish. Learning Spanish helps her understand Latin American culture.
Russ was having a very long and stressful day in his job as a plumber. He had spent most of the day doing emergency sewer clearing. At his last stop, he was surprised to receive a cash tip. The customer said she was grateful for his prompt arrival. Russ felt much better about everything after that appointment.
Tom's family was afraid he drank too much. They decided to have an intervention for him. Tom was surprised and shocked by it. He didn't think he had a problem. He left the intervention right away.
Larry waited in line to buy concert tickets. It was twenty degrees outside. The line for tickets was very long. By the time Larry got to the box office the concert was sold out. Larry went home cold and disappointed.
Ben asked Tina if she needed anything from the store. She responded by saying no. When he came back after several hours, she was frustrated. He tried to catch her attention but he ignored him. She told him that he was a selfish person.
The girl went to the sporting goods store. She bought a shiny new golf club. She couldn't wait to test it out! She hit the golf course that night. She golfed better than she ever had!
Alex was going hunting with his dad. This was Alex's first time hunting. On the first day Alex's father shot a deer. By the end of the trip Alex had still not been able to hit anything. Alex was disappointed to have been unsuccessful on the hunt.
Patsy does home child care and is a licensed provider in her state. She is required to take 12 hours of inservice per year to keep up. She is mailed an info sheet monthly about the different classes offered Many of the classes offered she has already taken in the past. She looks each time hoping to find an interesting class she can go to.
David had a favorite shirt. David's friend spilled juice on the shirt. David shouted at his friend. The friend was frightened. David got his friend more juice.
The band walked onto the football field. They had been practicing all week. They marched in unison onto the field. Instruments were raised, and they began to play. The crowd cheered and clapped loudly.
Jim smoked a pack of cigarettes a day. Used just used his last match to light his cigarette. He had no way to light his cigarette. He walked to the store and bought a lighter. He lit his cigarette with the lighter.
I needed food, but had to walk two miles to get to Walmart. I got my backpack and everything all ready, and made the trek. When I got there, I spent a few hours carefully choosing food. At the counter, however, my card was declined, so I put it all back. It turns out the bank sent me a new card and canceled this one.
Bill loves watching baseball. He watches his team's games every time they are on TV. Bill has always dreamed of attending one of his team's games. Bill's wife decided to surprise him with tickets for their anniversary. Bill and his wife attended the baseball game and had a wonderful time.
Mia was making dinner one night while her daughter chatted with a pal. While her daughter was chatting, Heather heard a deep voice. She went to her room and saw that her pal's dad was talking to her. Heather told her daughter to get off the phone quickly. Heather's daughter was never allowed to chat on the phone again.
Ted had a terrible earache and fever. He went to his doctor to have it looked at. The doctor said he had a bad infection. Ted was given an antibiotic injection and a prescription. After taking the medication for two weeks, Ted's infection cleared up.
Graham got money for his birthday. He wanted a new toy. His mom took him to Target. There, he scanned the aisles. Finally, he chose a video game.
Jan and Mark had discovered where the roof was leaking. They planned a shopping trip to the hardware store. Once there, Jan and Mark looked over differen. They decided on a sticky roof repair sealant. Because it was raining again, they had to wait to try it out.
There was a loud roar from the break room in the steel mill. Fred the union leader was calling on them to strike. He demanded they get a raise from 23 to 35 dollars an hour. At the end of his speech he kicked down the break room door. They all marched out of the steel mill and cheered.
I went to a safari with my family. We bought feed buckets at the front gate from a nice lady. She filled them up for us to feed the animals. We drove through the safari feeding all the exotic creatures. The ostriches snapped and bit my fingers.
Reba wanted to look different one day. She tried on different wigs. Finally she found the wildest one. She wore it out to the club. Everyone looked at her funny and she regretted her decision.
She stood up, angrily. She grabbed her purse. She picked up her keys. She ran out of the house. She left for hours.
I heard Horace my high school classmate married a celebrity. I called our old school to verify that Horace did marry a celebrity. I asked the current school staff but they did even know Horace. I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything. Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him.
Susie had been late on rent. She was at risk at being evicted. She had no clue what to do. She begged her landlord to forgive her. He gave her one more month.
Nina was sorting through her bills. She noticed one bill on the top that she had missed. It was a water bill that had a much larger amount than she expected. Due to the high bill, she wouldn't have enough to pay. Luckily, the company was willing to work with her on the bill.
Marlene was eating at a cafe. Her friend was joining her. Marlene wanted to have a dessert. She didn't have enough money. Her friend lended her money for the dessert.
The dogs barked vigorously as the car approached. It rained heavily as the sheriff exited the vehicle. He approached the house and knocked heavily on the door. When I opened it, a huge smile spread across his face as he hugged me. My father was a tough old man, but he always had a soft spot for me.
Tom was walking home at night. A couple of cops went up and grabbed him. They arrested him without telling him why. The next day it turned out to be a case of mistaken identity. That was the third time it happened to him.
Carla has been having abdominal pains for over a year. She went to her General Surgeon and he couldn't find a problem. So Carla just continued to suffer through the pain. She had a pap smear done and the Gynecologist did an ultrasound. The Gynecologist found fibroids as the source of her abdominal pains.
Ida was pregnant. Her husband knew to expect some strange cravings. But Ida surprised him with her first craving. She didn't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles. Instead, she wanted a plain, ordinary cheeseburger and fries!
Rick wished he could play tennis every day. But he didn't like having to drive to his local tennis court. So he built a large wall out of plywood in his backyard. And he created a large concrete surface to play on. Rick was happy that he could practice tennis whenever he wanted.
Ben was a big fan of animals. He had many pets during his childhood. Ben would often take in stray animals and nurse them to health. He decided to attend veterinary school and graduated. Ben now owns the biggest animal hospital.
Olive wasn't looking where she was going when she was driving. Suddenly, there was a horrible loud sound. Olive had crashed into a light pole! She was upset, but not hurt. She learned to pay more attention in the future.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is fussy now. She likes a pair of blue sunglasses. Today she was in a car and wanted sunglasses. Her father offered red or pink glasses. She cried a lot until she got the blue sunglasses.
He didn't want to go out on such a windy night but felt compelled. He had seen a small dog dodging between cars earlier with no collar. He called the dog, looking everywhere, but no luck. He finally gave up, figuring the owner had found him. Arriving back home, he discovered the dog waiting on his door step.
The CHristmas Pageant was quickly approaching. The children had been practicing their songs for months. They knew all the lyrics and dance moves. When it was time to perform, half of them cried. They were too scared to go on stage!
Ever since starting 6th grade, Ethan struggled with Science. On Monday Ethan got every question on his science test wrong. He had to bring home his failed test to be signed by a parent. On Wednesday Ethan got a second chance to take the test again. Because he studied very hard, Ethan managed to pass on the second try.
John placed all of his groceries on the table. He also took out the cutting board to slice some vegetables. His friend came to assist him towards making food. They ended up creating a large sub. John took the first bite and enjoyed it.
Gloria's dream was to open a storefront so she could sell cupcakes. When a baking contest with a $10,000 prize was held, she signed up. Her confidence wavered as she surveyed her competition. But she was determined to triumph, and after 3 rounds she won! Gloria couldn't wait to finally start her 'Heavenly Cupcakes' store.
Jenny and her husband were not getting along. She found out he was cheating on her. She confronted him. He admitted that he was seeing someone else. He agreed to a no contest divorce.
Bill's mailman insists on throwing his packages around. No matter how many times Bill talks to him it does no good. So finally Bill calls the local Postmaster Bill's mailman gets fired. Bill has no issues after that.
Zach's favorite football team had a big game coming up. After a few drinks he decided he was going to bet money on the game. Zach bet a lot of money because he was sure they were going to win. Instead, Zach's team lost the game. He was upset he was out of a lot of money.
Ben wanted to make up with his friend and gain back his trust. He bought him a new computer but that wasn't enough. Ben bought a new video game console for him but he declined. Ben apologized in a heartfelt letter. Ben finally made up with his friend.
The model rocket flew well. The parachute cord had to be replaced. The one I made out of tape my dad did not like. I decorated it. It was his present for Father's Day.
Opal was watching TV when her daughter entered the room. Opal could tell right away that something was wrong. Her daughter announced that she was pregnant. Opal was distraught at first but calmed down soon. She even seemed a bit happy about her new grandbaby.
Earl loved trying out new candy. Today, while grocery shopping, he saw a new mint chocolate bar. Earl decided he would try out the candy bar. After trying the bar, Earl went back in the store and bought more. Earl loved the taste of the new mint chocolate bar.
Will took a white sheet down from the attic. Will splattered the sheet with some blood. Will cut two eye holes in the sheet. Will then charged into his roommate's bedroom wearing the sheet. Will cried with laughter at how scared his roommate looked.
Tom planned a vacation for his family. They had all been looking forward to it. On the week of the vacation their youngest son got sick. He was too sick to go with them. Tom and the family decided to reschedule.
It was reading time for Carl and his class. So everyone was required to choose a story to read. But Carl didn't see any books that he liked. So he decided to write his own story. But when his teacher saw, he got in trouble.
No one told Terena happy birthday all day long. Terena felt very sad. She went home. She turned on the light. Her friends had thrown her a surprise party!
Emma was in the car one night. She was talking to her dad when suddenly she saw something. A shooting star burst across the dark sky. Emma had never seen one before and she forgot to make a wish. Luckily she saw another shooting star later to wish on.
I waited in front of the class until it started. After several minutes, I was wandering around. One of my friends showed up to the front door. He told me that class was cancelled. I decided to spend one to two hours in the computer lab.
Alex had a jar full of change. He decided to go to a machine that would count his change for cash. Alex was surprised to learn that he had over $35! He was not happy to learn that the machine charged him a service fee. Alex walked away with only $27.
Whitney had a tennis match. She was chosen to play singles. She arrived 2 minutes late due to traffic. Her opponent decided to forfeit. Whitney automatically won.
Dan entered an eating contest at his local fair. Dan was very competitive, and he could eat a whole pizza. When the contest started Dan stuffed hot dogs into his mouth. On his 30th hot dog it all came back up. Dan lost the contest, and was sick for days.
Alex was cleaning out his fridge one day. He had gathered all of the garbage into a pile. Then he realized how much good food had gone to waste. He was disgusted and vowed to be more careful about food. From then on he never wasted so much food.
Gizmo lived to a ripe old age. He started going blind. Since he couldn't see, he became sedentary. His hips got very arthritic. He died peacefully in his sleep a few months later.
We attended a Christmas party in our apartment building tonight. There was a lot of good food. We had scallops, meatballs, mushrooms, scallops and wine. We talked to neighbors over dessert. We went home stuffed.
Gus went to the counter for a new task. The receptionist told him there were no more. He had been so efficient he'd done them all! Gus was bittersweet about having no more work and leisure time. He decided to take a fitful afternoon nap.
The child bought cotton candy. She ate it all. Some of the sugar got on her face. Her skin got irritated there. The next day she had a rash.
I had a throbbing pain in my jaw. Whenever I would eat sweets the pain would get unbearable. I looked in the mirror and saw a big hole in my tooth. I went to the dentist and got my cavity filled. I can eat eat as many sweets as I want now.
Henry Bear's Park is a toy store in Cambridge. It sells non violent toys. One day it offered a toy coupon for toy gun exchange. My 8 year old son traded in his guns. He brought in two huge garbage bags full of toy guns.
I have to get to Kats house tonight! I look in my wallet and find I have no money, and my car has no gas. I see there is $5 sitting on the counter at my friends. I decide to take it, leaving a note saying I will pay him back later. I feel bad when i get to Kats house, so I leave and return the $5.
Marie had a small daughter. She noticed there was crayon drawings all over the walls. Marie found her daughter. Her daughter was holding the crayons. Marie knew her daughter was the culprit.
Eric was at an expensive hotel. And he decided to use their tennis courts. There was a sign that said not to use shoes with black soles. But Eric ignored it. Eric had to pay a fine after black marks were found on the court.
Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah. Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins. Matthew's mom suggested Mathew try calling Jack. Jack agreed to trick or treat with Matthew. Jack and Matthew collected lots of candy.
Cay really wanted to be an author. He submitted some of his stories to a few magazines. Most of them wrote back politely turning him down. But then one magazine gave him great news. They were going to pay him to publish his story!
Rob went to the store to buy a new cat. When he got there, the owner said there was only one cat left. This cat was completely insane and attacked anyone it met. Rob bought the cat anyway because he was desperate for a pet. Turns out, the cat was just hungry and Rob really enjoyed its company.
Kia was a high school senior. She had been accepted into college. So she decided to slack off her last semester. But when she got her report card, her jaw dropped. Shocked, Kia saw that she'd failed every subject!
Ben went to the supermarket to buy some snacks. As he leave the supermarket he noticed his change was not enough. He quickly went back to the supermarket and told the cashier about it. But the cashier insisted that she gave the right change. Since then, he checks his change before leaving the supermarket.
Fin went to the acupuncturist for a session. The person treating him pushed one of the needles too far in. Fin suffered a spinal injury from it and was crippled for life. He sued the acupuncturist for a lot of money. Fin won and the business's insurance company paid him off.
Julie had recently fallen in love with a new song. She wanted to download it so she checked her usual source. It wasn't there so she scoured the internet for a copy. Luckily she finally found one obscure download. From then on she had the awesome song in her phone.
The Celtics had a mediocre basketball team. During the off-season they decided to make big changes. They picked up a a few up and coming athletes from college. The owners were happy with the management's decisions. The Celtics had a winning record the following season.
Willie walked his neighbor's dog often The neighbors paid Willie to walk the dog. While walking the dog, Willie often whistled. The neighbors moved one day without notice. Willie bo longer walks the dog.
It was going to be International Day at Rosa's school on Wednesday. She asked her mother to make a traditional Mexican dish for her class. On Wednesday morning, Rosa took her lunchbox and her mother's platter. When she arrived at school, all of the students revealed their dishes. Rosa pulled back the tin foil of her dish to reveal mac and cheese.
He opened his laptop. His friend noticed what he was doing. He asked if he was doing personal business. He told him not to do personal business on company time. The man agreed and closed his laptop.
Jane was home alone one night. She didn't have a boyfriend or many friends. Jane decided to make an ad online. Before she put it up she got too shy and deleted it. Jane stayed alone for a while.
Jerry was suffering from issues with his back. His doctors had told him that there was nothing they could do for him. Jerry searched for information on the internet. He found one website that offered many tips. After Jerry followed them, he started feeling a lot better.
Uma was on her dream vacation in Paris. She wanted a souvenir that was perfect for her trip. She searched throughout the visit but nothing caught her eye. On the last day there she saw some artwork that she loved. She decided to buy a painting of the city.
I was in the high school cafeteria one day. I was listening to a group of students. They began to clap in a rhythm. They clapped several times. Everyone was looking around.
Whit has to be at work at 8am every day. She sets three alarms. She woke up at 6am. However, she fell back asleep. Whit was late for work.
It was Pete's daughter's bedtime. Pete was reading his daughter a story. She wasn't paying attention. Pete decided not to finish the story. His daughter cried herself to sleep.
The sculptor had one more work to finish that week. Commissions sometimes wore on him. His mind felt almost at rest once he was inspired. He completed a small pyramid-shaped robot character. The details he gave it satisfied his customer, as was expected.
The sink in my bathroom broke. I decided that I should fix it myself. After one hour, the sink looked worse than before. I finally decided to call a professional plumber. The plumber fixed the sink in ten minutes.
Peggy was really hungry. She didn't have much money. She was having trouble finding any food she could afford. Then, she went into a bakery. Luckily, they had bread and butter for only a quarter.
I was invited to a company picnic. I wanted to bring some food that was very tasty. I looked up a recipe for fried chicken. I brought the chicken to the picnic. Everyone loved my chicken.
The dad was renovating the garage. He built stairs going up to the loft. He planned on storing all his decorations in the loft. He started to climb the stairs but he heard a horrible noise. They fell down to the ground!
James wanted to be a singer professionally. He knew he was good and everyone told him he was. He worked a full time job and did shows on the weekends. He kept pursuing his music career. Finally after 5 years, James got a record deal.
A small child saw a gaping hole in his mother's sweater. He knew how to sew, and so he found a sewing kit. He sewed up the gaping hole. He thought he did a good thing for his mother. But when she tried to put it on, she found no opening for her head.
I wanted to be a teacher but I don't like people. I wrote lesson plans showing people how to use money. I videotaped myself explaining money lessons to the camera. I contracted to sell my videos on AMAZON DOT COM. Now I am teacher just not in the traditional sense.
Horace decides that he needs to begin eating more healthy food. He decides to make a shake for breakfast. Horace puts in banana, apple, and yogurt. This does not find the shake very delicious. However, he is happy to be eating healthy food.
John was a very simple man. He only liked regular things including his coffee. He always ordered black coffee when he went to the diner. One day the pretty waitress convinced him to try a cappuccino. John really liked it and ordered it all the time after that.
Alice was excited about going to the theme park. Her mom was taking her in the morning. She wanted to ride all of the roller coasters. As they entered the park she got scared of the big rides. Alice spent the day riding water rides.
Bill liked his soft drinks with ice. So he got some cubes from the freezer. But didn't notice that a piece of a cube fell onto the floor. He step right on the piece and slipped. He flew into the air along with his drink!
Bob was at work when the police called. His wife had just been murdered. Bob wept for months. He lost his job and became depressed. Eventually, a therapist helped Bob overcome his depression.
My friends and I went to dinner before going to the concert. When we were planning to leave, a thunderstorm started. To be safe, we remained in the restaurant. The rain stopped after several hours. We were denied access into the concert since we were late.
Ian was given a weekly allowance of $5. Every week he bought candy at the student store at his school. He would eat the candy but didn't like to brush his teeth. One day his teeth hurt and his parents took him to the dentist. He had 2 teeth taken out because of cavities.
Charles has been working hard to finish his degree. Finally he completes the last class. He graduates. His family is very proud of him. Charles feels good that he completed his degree.
A vacationing couple bought six bottles of wine. Originally they just wanted to try many different types. However, they soon became very drunk. They ran around the city causing mischief. They sobered up before being arrested and returned home.
Phil needed to be at work on time. He had been late too many times before. He set three alarms but still woke up too lat. It wasn't until after he was fired that he saw what happened. He set the times for PM instead of AM.
Ted and Jim were in love. Ted's did not want his family to know he was gay. Jim came over to his apartment one night. Ted stabbed him to death. He was arrested.
My wife and I went out to dinner on Valentine's Day. We went to a restaurant near our home. The bread and drinks were delivered late. The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers. We still gave a good tip, as the waitress was nice.
I entered my Biochemistry class with confidence during the first day. Since I spent hours studying, I had no doubt that I would fail. However, I ended up failing my first two tests. Although there was no way of passing the class, I still tried. I ended up failing and took this experience as a learning one.
Tim loved eggnog. He decided to buy ten bottles during the holiday season. He drank eggnog everyday. He soon got sick of it. He never liked eggnog again.
Tom loved nuts. He was very frugal. He went shopping at the grocery store. He saw a huge discount on bulk walnuts for sale. He stocked up on walnuts.
Sadie was on a huge hike. She was climbing a small mountain in her city. For some one out of shape like her, the hike was pretty tough. In the middle, she was wanting to quit. Luckily she pushed herself and managed to reach the peak.
Susie wanted to dress herself for her first day of school. She picked out a pretty dress to wear. Her mother only helped with brushing her hair. Susie also wanted to wear some of her play makeup. She failed to notice how the makeup rubbed off on the dresses collar.
Stacey was waiting for her test results. She was very anxious. When she got her results, she looked. She failed the test. She knew she would have to explain that to her parents.
Larry wanted to go to the rally. On the way there he noticed police cars. Things had gotten out of control. It had turned into a full blown riot. He turned around and went home instead.
Joy had always wanted to see the Grand Canyon. Her daughter recently moved to Phoenix and volunteered to drive. Joy flew to Phoenix. The two drove up to the Grand Canyon and saw its majesty. Joy checked an item off her bucket list.
Natalie asked Andrea if she would count the cash register for her. Andrea had some extra time and agreed to count it. Later that day, Natalie found out that the register was never counted. Andrea admitted that she had forgotten and apologized. Natalie forgave her, but never passed off her work again.
Jasmine wanted some dessert. She wasn't sure what to choose. She had cake and pie in the refrigerator. She chose the cake. Jasmine did not regret it.
Janine was having a hard time getting her kids to eat vegetables. Her friend told her that she started hiding them in meals for kids. Janine cooked and pureed fresh vegetables. She added it to pasta sauce, brownies, and other foods. Her kids had no idea they were secretly eating veggies.
When tom went to his friends, he loved the food. He needed the recipe for the sauce. So he went home and made it himself. When he did though, it tasted bad. Tom didn't know what he did wrong.
My sister in law had a nervous breakdown in September. She is out of the hospital but still shaky. Her sister comes over to help out. Last week she got her a perm. That made my sister in law feel better.
I decided I wanted to knit my friend a scarf. I went to the yarn store and chose the softest yarn. I decided on a design I thought she'd like. After a few weeks of work, her scarf was finished. I gave it to her for her birthday and she put it on right away.
Today was Angela's birthday. Her mom took her out to dinner and bought several clothes for her. Angela was excited and mentioned having a birthday party. Her mom offered her some recommendations. Since she refused them, her mom refused to throw a party for her.
Alex and Sam were about twelve years old. They were playing together in Sam's backyard one afternoon. Sam spotted wild mushrooms growing and dared Alex to eat one. Alex accepted the dare and gobbled down six of the mushrooms. Alex was vomiting and in pain as his father drove him to the ER.
After working for five years, Joe realized he hated his job. Joe secretly started attending culinary school at night. Joe worried he may not be good enough to be a chef, but worked hard. Two years later, he graduated as a chef. Joe knew it was the right path since he earned honors.
Lillie is an awesome dog. She is my service dog. I have epilepsy and she knows when a seizure is coming. She is getting up there in age and makes me sad. There will never be another like her in this world!
Susie had a crush on a boy. Prom was coming up and she really wanted him to ask her to it. She dropped lots of hints to him about it. One day she learned that he was taking her best friend. Susie was devastated.
Kenny entered his school's science fair. He did an experiment and recorded the results. He took his results and made a poster out of them. He used this poster to explain his project. To his surprise, he won second place in the science fair!
Kate was walking home from the club. She decided to cut through a dark alley. Halfway through she was really scared. She thought there were shadowy figures everywhere. She ran the rest of the way through.
Dan considered moving to Juarez. It looked like a really cheap place to live. Tom told him it was a wonderful wonderful place. Dan didn't think Tom was a very nice person. He decided to look elsewhere for living accommodations.
Zoe was tanning by the pool. She fell asleep in her chair. She finally woke up a few hours later. She went inside her house. She looked in the mirror and looked like a lobster.
My 19 year old niece was heartbroken last month. Her boyfriend broke up with her. They were together for 18 months. She was shocked and surprised. She feels a little better, but is still very sad.
Finn loves to travel. His parents told him they'd pay for a trip for his birthday. Finn did not know where to go and considered many places. He thought about his heritage being from Scandinavia. Finn decided to take the trip to Scandinavia.
Yesterday at the airport I had the longest wait at security. I was literally in line for over an hour. It was hard because I was carrying such heavy items. Finally as the line dwindled I was relieved. I vowed to never go through commercial again.
My group gathered a few firewood and placed it onto the ground. Dan tried to create a fire by setting off a match. When the match caught on fire, it touched his shirt. His shirt caught on fire. Dan's friends ran for a fire extinguisher and took out the flames.
Lonnie needed to refill his medication. He called the pharmacy and told them he needed a refill. Then, he got into his car and drove there. He picked up his medication with ease. It was a good thing he remembered.
Jenny went camping with some friends for the weekend. They were really struggling to get a fire going. It was getting dark and they were growing increasingly hungry. Jenny remembered she had hand sanitizer in her backpack. The alcohol in the sanitizer made it easy to start the fire.
Howie decided to order pizza for dinner. Howie orders pepperoni and bacon pizza. Howie drives to pick up the pizza. Howie eats the pizza in his car. Howie finishes the pizza before driving home.
It was cold outside. Kelsey couldn't find her coat. She checked in the closet. It wasn't there. Kelsey had to wear a sweater instead.
Simon was in fourth grade and loved to take trips. Eventually, the fourth grade class took a trip to Science Camp. Simon learned lots of new things at camp. Simon was getting homesick, though. When Simon came home, he decided he'd had enough of traveling for now.
Gerry competed in a quiz show competition. It was aired on national television. Gerry managed to fall into negative points. His friends and family never let him live it down. Gerry felt that the quiz show would haunt him forever.
I sat down to think for a while. I went into the backyard to get comfortable. It was quiet and serene out there. I thought about the meaning of my life. I made some plans to make things go better.
Katie loved to cook broccoli casserole. She bought all the ingredients. As she was cooking, she realized she forgot the cheese. Katie decided to change her recipe. It still turned out great.
The kids missed the bus and were late to school. THey called all their friends to drive them. No one could come pick them up! They finally started running down the street. They would be exhausted by the time they got there!
James wanted to buy a new house. He hired a realtor to help him. The realtor showed him lots of different houses. James narrowed his choices to two houses. He bought the single level house because he didn't like stairs.
Jim's dog would not stop barking. The dog's barking kept up the neighbors at night. Jim took his dog to an obedience class. His dog learned to only bark occasionally. Jim's dog barking stopped keeping up the neighbors.
Kia was thirsty after snacking on a few cookies. She opened the fridge door and pulled out the milk. But after a few swallows, she stopped. The milk tasted strange. Sniffing the jug, she frowned to find that it was spoiled!
The war veteran felt proud. He commensurate with his veteran friends. One of his friends felt ashamed of his service. The veteran convinced him that his work had been important. His friend cried in gratitude.
The teacher was dissatisfied with the student's test grades. He placed each exam paper on an overhead projector. In addition, he pointed out what each student did wrong on the test. He told the class that my mistakes were beyond unacceptable. Throughout the rest of the day, I felt completely embarrassed.
Jessica was dreading the weekend. She would be spending a lot of time with a really annoying girl. Jessica told herself that she could deal with it. When the time came, Jessica got so annoyed she drank too much wine. Now she was annoyed and had a headache.
It's been getting really cold lately. Aeris keeps this in mind while getting ready to walk her dog. She first put a warm dog sweater on her dog. Then she puts socks and a scarf on her. The two of them happily and warmly went for a walk.
Robert was a homeless man. He lived in the park. One day a shelter had a barbecue at the park for former alcoholics. Robert went to the barbecue drinking a beer. He's no longer allowed to go to the barbecues.
Trey wanted to make a sweet snack for his family. He found a box of banana bread mix in the cupboard. He mixed it up and poured it into muffin cups. Then he bakes up fresh banana-walnut muffins. Trey's family was impressed by his baking prowess!
The citizens of Canada were used to warm weather. They loved to walk in the sun. Recently, a cold front has started to appear. The temperature started to drop. The citizens of Canoga must now dress warmer.
I walked inside my sister's filthy house. She complained that no one ever helped her clean. I offered to help her clean. She got upset with me for offering to help clean. I left her standing in her own mess and drove home.
Elena washed the dishes with a purple rag each night. She never thought to launder or replace the rag. One day her dishes smelled a little funny. She traced the smell back to the dish towel. From then on, Elena always washed and exchanged the towel.
Sabrina is out on a date. On the date the guy tells her everything she wants to hear. She instantly falls in love with him. Months pass and they continue to date. They eventually get married and live happily ever after.
Jared had studied hard for his test. He was relieved to see he knew all the answers. Jared took the test. He turned in the paper. Jared made an A on the paper.
Sam was a paramedic and volunteer firefighter in a small village. He wished for a life that held more excitement so he joined the Army. When he came back to his little village he was very different. He didn't keep his former jobs for long. After being in a war he just wanted to have a quiet, unexciting life.
Dan was walking down the street to store. On his way there he saw a young homeless man without shoes. Dan decided he would give the man the sneakers he was wearing. After Dan gave the man the shoes, the man thanked him greatly. Dan was glad he could do a good deed for another individual.
My friends took me to the theme park. We decided to go on some coasters. When we went on the coaster I nearly dropped dead. It was too fast for me. I started crying afterwards.
The dentist gave Dan some numbing medication. After a few seconds, he became drowsy and ended up sleeping. When he woke up, his face started to hurt. He looked into the mirror and saw his braces. The dentist told him not to interfere with it.
Jane had a birthday party coming up. Her parents bought her a cake. Her parents also hired a clown. The clown make offensive comments to Jane. Jane was sad and the clown was fired.
A group of children went to a museum. They were given a guided tour. The children were fascinated by the amount of historical significance. The kids enjoyed the statues. When they left the kids were talking about what they saw.
Mike wanted to write a story. He placed his writing materials on the table. He wrote a story about baseball. Mike revised his story several times. Mike finished his story.
The man sold shoes. Many customers tried on shoes. Less than half bought shoes. He asked people why. Cheaper online prices was the main reason.
I needed a new printer for my computer. My friend asked if she could help. I told her I could do it by myself. When I got to the store, I was so confused. After calling my friend, she helped me pick the perfect one.
I turned on the TV to listen to the most recent debate. The candidates were going back and forth yelling at each other. I was confused as to what candidate was actually winning Unfortunately, it seemed like they were more interested in fighting. It looks like it will be another ugly campaign season.
Kelsey had dealt with dog hair all over her couch for years. Finally she'd had enough, and decided to buy a cover. She spent an hour in the store picking the perfect one. Kelsey's dog leapt on the couch as soon as the cover was on. But at least now she could easily clean up after him!
Sierra was making a smoothie. She had her hand over the blender and began holding the button down. Suddenly, she noticed smoothie oozing out of the bottom. She lifted up the blender and saw that the pitcher had a crack in it. Luckily, she had a warranty for the blender.
The mailman brought a letter to the homeowner. It said they had won a million dollars! The homeowner was skeptical. He called the number on the letter. It was, sadly, a scam.
Jake had locked himself out of his house. He was a slender man so he thought he could use the chimney. He climbed to the roof and shimmied down the chimney. His feet reached the floor but he could go no further. Twelve hours later someone heard his screams and he was rescued.
Joe was a high school basketball player. During the state championship, his team was down by one point. There were only a few seconds left in the game as Joe took a shot. The ball flew through the air and went in the basket. Joe's team won the championship.
Tim did not know what to do for a career. He asked for help from his parents but they had no suggestions. Tim asked his guidance counselor for help. They recommended he start a career in the military. Tim just finished basic training for the Army.
I used to collect comic art. In 1976, I bought a piece signed by the artist Gene Colan. I kept it in storage for 20 years. In 1996 I had to sell it to pay off some bills. I have regretted doing so ever since.
Sanjay was a poor man in India. He decided to move to America for better opportunities. He worked hard for a plane ticket. He moved to America. He opened up a business in Boston and achieved the American Dream.
Caleb was planning on making spaghetti. He took the meat out of the freezer to thaw. When it thawed, he checked on it. He realized it smelled and looked gross and foul. He decided to throw it out.
Today I tried to do all of my laundry. My laundry had been piling up for weeks. I tried to do double sized loads in my washing machine. The washing machine started off doing great. Unfortunately my washer broke because the loads were too large.
Today's breakfast was oatmeal, coffee, and juice. We had run out of maple syrup. We used honey instead. The oatmeal tasted very sweet with honey. I think I may be switching oatmeal sweeteners.
Hillary loved her garden. She took great pride in working on it daily. Her favorite things she grew were green beans and tomatoes. She usually had so much produced that she would give some away. Her neighbors all loved it when she had extra crops!
I woke up so excited. Waiting for the restroom doors to open, I slit down to the kitchen. I found a piece of toast and a glass of orange juice waiting on me. My backpack was hanging on the hook, and I was too excited to wait. I grabbed my backpack and step into the unknown.
I had a dream about paratransit vans last night. I had a stroke and use paratransit. In my dream I told  a friend how hard it was to get onto the van. This is because the van has three steps. I woke up feeling depressed.
Riley was great at playing baseball. He had to decide between going professional or going to college first. Riley talked to his parents who encouraged him about college. He knew a degree would really be worth it. Riley decided to go to college.
A man sat in a field and watched the bees fly. He followed one bee back to its hive. The man thought about taking the honey in the hive. He got closer to it and the sound of the bees scared him too much. The man back away from the hive and decided against his plan.
Miranda was swinging on a rope swing hanging from an old tree. The wooden seat broke in half! Miranda held onto the ropes as she slid down to the ground. Miranda got a bad friction burn on both hands. Her mom brought her two ice packs to place on her hands.
Dan wanted to become a great drum player. Dan watched tutorial videos by expert drummers. Dan practiced every single day. Dan read several books on drumming technique. Now Dan plays drums in a band who is on tour!
Tom was going to watch a football game. He decided to go with friends that were huge fans. They all painted themselves and wore silly wigs. Tom was a bit embarrassed at first. After a while he joined in on the fun.
Terry moved from Seattle to a rural area of Wisconsin. He found the pace of life extremely slow. He met a woman who owned a farm. Terry and the farmowner fell in love. Terry grew to like the company through the work ethic of his partner.
Paul was a mechanic. He was lying below a car. Suddenly, some hot oil dripped onto his neck. It burned him badly. He had to be taken to the hospital and helped there.
Angry birds was once an app alone. Today you can get almost anything with angry birds. Paige just asked for an Angry bird game for her ps3. She even gave me the information for the store. I'll be buying it for Christmas.
Amy was starting a work at home job. She was to attend training via an online conference. Amy followed along afraid she was misunderstanding. Finally she decided to ask a question to make sure she understood. It turned out she was understanding and was worried for nothing.
Dan's friend introduced Dan to poker. Dan realized he was very good at playing poker. Dan decided to go to Las Vegas to test his skill. Dan won millions of dollars at Las Vegas. Eventually, Dan became the best poker player in the United States.
The man built a house. The inspector looked it over. The house was not built to code. The needed repairs were extensive. The man tore down the house.
Jermaine had loved this girl for years. She did not like him back though. After years passed, Jermaine got successful. The girl wanted him now. He rejected her.
Tim was apprehensive about the trip, but still excited. He boarded the boat. Tim didn't know exactly what he would encounter. The boat left the dock and went up the river. Tim was traveling down the Congo, nervous but excited.
Wally went out in a field with a metal detector. He found some metal at the base of a tree. He dug up the metal and found an old penny. Wally looked up the value of his ancient penny. It had a value of 23 cents in today's money.
Jerry was very busy for a few weeks and let his garbage build up. One day while working, he noticed gnats flying all over his room. He got up and saw that his garbage had attracted a lot of bugs. He took out his garbage and went to the store and bought bug spray. He went home sprayed the bugs and cleaned up the mess in his house.
Jeff's family moved to a new city right before his freshman year. He hoped to make some friends before his first day of class. His dad mentioned that there were kids playing basketball at the park. Jeff rode his bike there and parked by the benches. To his surprise, the guys invited him to play within minutes.
Amanda loved music. She was going to a concert for her favorite artist. She had gotten front row tickets for the show! She got to the arena hours before the show. Amanda couldn't wait to see the band live!
Eugene filled a pot with water. He poured water on one of his plants. Water leaked out of the bottom of the planter. Eugene went and got a rag. Eugene cleaned up the water from the floor.
Ali got a job as a cleaning lady. She went to work on her first day, ready and eager. When she got started, she realized the place was disgusting. It was way worse than she had anticipated. She finished the job, but quit as soon as it was done.
Tina had bought two bunches of bananas on sale. But her family was unable to finish them fast enough. The bananas were rapidly browning! Rather than waste them, Tina baked them into a cake. The overripe bananas made a perfectly moist, yummy cake!
Kate was making a cake. She set an open bag of flour on the counter. When she turned around her elbow hit the bag of flour. She tried to catch the bag before it hit the ground. The kitchen floor was covered in flour.
I went to buy some calming tea yesterday. I searched everywhere for it. When I went home to make some, it did not taste good. Instead of calming me, it made me more anxious. I learned instead to never buy it again.
Elijah was a loner. At school he had no friends. So one day a new kid came to school. Elijah made friends with him right away. The friendship went on to last a lifetime.
Tommy entered his science project into the science fair. The night before the fair Tommy spilled a glass of milk on his papers. Tommy stayed up all night rewriting his work. By the next day he had recreated his project and got it in on time. Tommy smiled, his project won a ribbon for being the most creative.
I was glad to do a job that paid a small amount of money. Later, the same job was offered for twice the pay. I was disappointed and sorry I had done the task early in the day. I was starting to regret working for that employer I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference.
Bill was a smart man with a good job. He paid his bills on time. One day he saw a for sale sign in the window of a coffee shop. He talked to the owners and decided to buy the shop. Now he is broke, owes taxes, and is unhappy.
The weatherman said not to go out. The blizzard was going to make travel difficult. John didn't listen. He decided he could handle it. Now his car is stuck in a ditch.
My friend George played the cello in high school in 1968. We belonged to a music appreciation club. One day we decided to feature George in a concert. Classical music was not popular, and only a few people came. George still plays in a local orchestra.
The couple was camping. They brought a bottle of rum along. When they got bored, they started to drink it. It helped pass the time. Soon, the bottle was empty.
I was at home watching tv. Suddenly, the lights went out. There was no power in my house. I realized I never paid the light bill. After I paid the bill the lights were back on.
On his way home, Billy drove over a nail that was left on the road. He never saw it in the road as visibility was very poor. Unfortunately, the tire slowly lost air as he approached the highway. He eventually heard the sound of the tire being squeezed and stopped. After several minutes, he replaced the wheel with a spare.
Sally's crush Bill commented how good her lip gloss smelled. She was holding the tube because she had just put some on. She asked him if he wanted to try some. He said yes. Instead of taking the tube he bent down and kissed her.
Lisa had always wanted to visit Brazil. But she'd never had the money for the trip. Lisa's boss decided to hold a contest for a paid vacation. Lisa worked harder than she ever had, and won the contest! She couldn't wait to finally visit Brazil.
Noah was camping in the woods. At night he built a fire. Then he went into his tent to sleep. Suddenly he was awakened when his tent caught ablaze! A spark from Noah's fire had ignited the tent!
She wanted to wear something daring that night. She looked in her closet for something good. She found a pair of maroon stretch pants. They were made of leather. She put them on, feeling sexy.
Charles needed to buy a cheap pair of shoes. He went to the big five sporting goods store. He looked at all of the sneakers on the wall. He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars. They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them.
A man wanted to get a group together in his game to kill a boss. He asked around to see if anyone was interested in helping him. A couple people wanted to help and he let them. After playing together, they became online friends. With their help, he finally took down the boss in the game!
Tom was really shy around girls. Even when it was strictly platonic. He had to meet a new co-worker. She was very pretty. Tom got incredibly sweaty and freaked her out.
Mike was dining alone at a small restaurant in Los Angeles. He noticed a favorite celebrity there, also dining alone. He got up the nerve to ask if he could sit with her just for a minute. She graciously accepted, and they had a nice conversation. Back as his table, a woman winked at him, thinking he was famous too.
Lucy wanted to go visit her boyfriend. Her parents said no. Lucy asked again. They again refused. Just as she was going to sneak out, they caught her.
Penny loved jewelry. She bought a new necklace for her birthday. All her friends complimented it when she went out that night. They all asked where they could buy one. Penny's jewelry made everyone else want to wear jewelry.
Hazel loved the serene sound of windchimes. When she put one on her porch, friends noticed. They brought wind chimes to add to her collection. Hazel hung each wind chime on the porch. The serene sound of chimes became a noisy racket.
John told everyone that he did not want a party for his birthday. All of his friends promised that they would not throw a party. On his birthday John was invited to his favorite restaurant. He kept expecting all of his friends to yell surprise. John was sad when he realized that no one would throw him a party.
John was flying a kite. But it got stuck in a tree. He asked his neighbor to help. And his neighbor used a stick to get the kite down. John was happy he was able to fly his kite again.
Late one evening, the tornado sirens sounded off around town. I gathered my family quickly. We headed immediately for the basement. The sounds we heard above we nightmarish. After it ended, we discovered that most of our house did not survive.
I cleaned the bathroom. With four boys in the house, it was very messy. The toilet was the most disgusting part. The tub and sink weren't all too bad. I was so relieved when I finished.
Tom and Tim were yelling at each other. They both got ear aches from the noise. The pain was bad. They both made a promise. They would never yell at each other like that again.
Hank had to wrap a lot of gifts for his family. He ran out of wrapping paper with 4 gifts to go. He went to the kitchen and found shopping bags. He cut up the bags to make sheets of paper. He used the paper to wrap the last of the gifts.
Ivy only liked to sing on her own. One day, her friend caught her singing. Her friend told her that she had a beautiful voice. The compliment gave Ivy confidence to sing in public. Ivy now wishes to become a professional vocalist when she grows up.
Tom was out at the bars with friends. The next morning he noticed his wedding ring was missing. Tom freaked out a bit and tried to find it. His wife calmed him down and told him he took it off that morning. Tom was relieved to find out.
Nick was learning how to drive. And he couldn't wait for his parent's to buy him a new car. But they told him he could only buy a used one. And he became very disappointed. So he decided to get a job to help pay for a new car.
Growing up in a farm we always had fresh fruit and vegetables. One day my brother's and I decided to do more than just eat them. We picked tomatoes and started a tomato fight. We hid in the fields and hurled the tomatoes at each other. Our mother was unhappy to see her tomatoes splashed across our shirts.
I tried to walk to my class. A girl introduced herself to me. I found out that we were born from the same country. I recorded her number on my phone. We eventually left to go home.
The road was very slippery when the car hit the lamppost. The nearby residents all came out to see what happened. But when the car exploded, the cops made them go back home. And they could only see the real story the next day on the news. The local mayor and his wife had died in that accident, both drunk.
My ex-boss has 4 grandchildren. One of the four is autistic. His mom is convinced a special sugar-free diet will help. I saw on FB a photo of three of the kids eating ice cream. I felt badly for the autistic child.
Anna ran a tea shop. She stocked many varieties and knew all about them. Everyone loved her shop and came frequently. One day, there was a small fire that destroyed half her stock. Due to the shop's beloved status, everyone came together to help.
Ken got a new roommate. He brought cockroaches with him. Ken was grossed out. He asked his new roommate to fix the problem. His roommate apologized and got it done.
Ned rode his bike to work everyday because he lived close. One day the weather turned bad so he decided to ride his car. On his way to work he got a flat tire. He was in the rainy fixing it and was late to work. Ned bought a raincoat and still rides his bike even in the rainy now.
Ann to tickets to the hottest fashion show of the season. She was very much excited to go but she had to take a bus for it. It took about an hour for the bus to come but then it was late. Ann was stuck on the bus for four hours. She thought she would never get there but eventually she did.
Lulu was excited to attend the Art for Life Party. Every summer it was in the Hamptons and had amazing guests. All of the proceeds would go to charity. Lulu made sure she had a sizable donation. She was happy to be there.
We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building. We usually had burgers and dogs. Our neighbors were vegetarian - except for the husband. One day I gave a burger to the kids and told them to give it to the hu He was very appreciative.
The tennis match began. Each player took their stance and exchanged blows with their rackets. A few minutes later, rain started to pour. A thunderstorm occurred the court. Officials cancelled the game and evacuated everyone out of the area.
During elementary school I had problems with division. However, my teacher one day explained to me a trick. He said it is not division, but rather multiplication in reverse. I tried his method. I got a good grade on the next test.
Jon was a graduate student. He married a pharmacist. They bought a house and had kids. Jon had a midlife crisis. He filed for divorce.
Sadie always entered Facebook giveaways. She never thought she would win one. Then one day she did. She thought it might be for something like a scarf. Instead, she won a car giveaway.
On a very cold day I grabbed a water bottle from my garage. I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice. I researched the phenomenon and learned it's called Supercooling. I ended up trying it again on the rest of the water bottles. This made for good conversation with my Physicist dad.
Fred was out with his friends. They kept taking more and more shots. Fred ended up getting way too drunk. His friends had to call an uber. He went home safely.
A family was really tired of sitting in the house. They decided to go on a walk! They got out the stroller. They left the house. The family loved the time outside!
Dawn was pulled over leaving a concert in a neighboring state. Her friend had marijuana in the car, but he did not claim it! Poor Dawn was thus charged, since it was in her car. She was arrested and had to spend the night in jail. The next morning, luckily, her dad bailed her out.
I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up. He told me i need to drink more water. I usually drink two cups a day but my job keeps me active. My doctor said with my activity level i should drink eight cups. Today I did just that and I feel much more hydrated.
I was in the locker room waiting for the football game to start. Once the national anthem was over my team ran out onto the field. When the game started we scored first and led at halftime. The other team was able to tie the game in the third quarter. My team scored with five seconds left to win the game!
Kate and her friend had dinner at a seafood place. They ate and enjoyed crab legs. Kate noticed her friend kept scratching. Ten minutes later she realized she was still scratching. Kate was starting to get scared.
Liam was in Hawaii on vacation. He decided he would try some of their traditions. They had a famous ancient fire walk every weekend. Liam took off his shoes and socks and walked across hot coals. He feel within seconds and burned his elbows and knees.
Barry was going to a wedding. He ironed his best suit that morning. Barry dressed for the wedding. He drove his car to pick up his date. Barry and his date attended the wedding.
Billy had his football tryouts today, and was nervous. He asked his father advice on how to calm down. His father taught him a breathing technique. Billy was surprised at how well it worked. Because of this, he ended up doing very well at practice.
Kenneth was searching on a resale app. He wasn't looking for anything in particular. Then something caught his eye. It was an expensive pair of pants he's been wanting for half price. He quickly ordered them with a big smile.
Janice never expected there to be any warning but it still numbed her. She went to the hospital and said her goodbyes. On her long train ride home she got a call from her friend Tom. Tom gave her words of encouragement and support. Janice cried and invited him over to her house.
Ken never did his homework. One day there was a pop quiz in class. Ken figured it would benefit him. He got a good grade on it. It kept his average higher even without the homework.
Nick loved sushi. His mother took him out to eat once a week. Nick was eating some sushi as his mother watched. His mother thought it looked good. Now they enjoy sushi together.
Lucy was at home on a rainy afternoon. Her grandfather promised her a treat today. But Lucy hadn't seen grandpa all day. At 5 PM he finally returned home. Lucy was pleased to see grandpa had brought her an Easy Bake Oven.
My husband and I own a small boat. We often take the boat fishing in Mexico. One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in. The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore. We arrived safely after 2 hours.
Anna wanted to modify an electronic toy piano for a performance. She found that it would make weird sounds when she with its circuits. She attached wires and switches to make her modifications permanent. Now she had a wacky instrument to play in her band's upcoming show. Anna's toy piano ended up making her band's performance extra awesome!
Isabel has a class presentation tomorrow. She tried to study hard and practice with friends. She couldn't even sleep that night because of it. The next day comes and she gets picked to go first. She ended up doing very well.
Dragon dances are performed on Chinese New Year. The dragons visit various stores and are given money. Fireworks are ignited on the street, making it a colorful event. My brother told me the money is actually a payoff to the gangs. I was shocked that the stores still pay protection money.
Elle was a very shy high school girl. She made a video of herself singing pop tunes. Elle uploaded the video to Youtube. Soon after that, Elle got a call from a record producer. Now Elle is working on an album in a professional studio!
Whit wanted a boyfriend. She was tired of the dating game. She thought she had found someone. Then she found out he had a girlfriend. Dating is tough.
Kate and a group of girl friends were on a road trip. They had only been driving for 3 hours. They had already stopped for snacks and gas. Twenty minutes later they were stopping at Mcdonalds. Kate was beginning to regret her decision to join this road trip.
Kay was at work with a Migraine. She didn't have much sick time so she stayed at work. Her friend came and told her to try wearing sunglasses. Kay knew the light made it worse, but she had no sunglasses at work. Kay was overjoyed when her friend allowed her to wear her sunglasses.
Two men wandered the woods looking for deer to hunt. They followed tracks that led to a set of bushes. One hunter shot his gun at random in the bush. Birds scattered at the sound instantly. Still no sign of deer.
John went on vacation to Mexico. He spent a long time relaxing on the beach. John fell asleep and got a very bad sunburn. When he woke up, he was red all over and in a lot of pain. For the whole trip, John was so sore he could barely walk.
Nate had never been hiking before. He started on his first 14 mile trek with his friend. The hike was long, hard and tedious. When they got to the top, Nate couldn't believe his eyes. He felt as though he was on top of the world!
A man was on a hectic commute to work one morning. He noticed many drivers were not good drivers. He learned that driving slightly faster than every other car was best. He felt safer using this driving strategy. He began to enjoy driving more this way.
I was bored of only using netflix. I called the cable company one day. I decided to buy a cable service. The cable guy showed up the next day. He installed cable for me and it was great.
Peter was hungry one afternoon. He opened his fridge to find something to eat. The only thing he could find were sardines. He reluctantly tried to eat them. He found they tasted better than he expected.
She asked him to do something that he was not ready to do. He was too scared to do it. He tried to do it, anyway. Unfortunately, he failed miserably. He didn't care and laughed in her face about it.
Sandy worked hard at her job. Her boss gave Sandy lots of extra work. Sandy did everything she could to please her boss. One day, Sandy heard her name followed by laughter. She rounded the corner to see her boss, who looked away.
The man ate uncooked meat. He felt sick later. He went to the doctor. The doctor did tests. The man had got salmonella.
Melissa was trying to lose weight. She went on a new diet. It was very strict about what she could eat. It allowed her to eat all the potatoes she could stand, however. Melissa gained twenty pounds in a month.
Larry loved his job. Unfortunately his job wasn't paying him enough. Larry picked up a second job to make up the difference. Larry's boss was insulted that he needed two jobs. His boss gave him a pay raise and Larry quit the second job.
Nicholas was out shopping for rings. He was going to propose to his girlfriend. Then he realized engagement rings were a scam. He gave his girlfriend a rubber band and wrapped it around her finger. She said she wanted that diamond now or it ain't happening.
Beth is cooking. She is making beans. She gets a phone call. She talks for hours. Beth burned the beans she was cooking.
All of the hours of hard work came down to this. Fred was at the top of the hill in his creation, The Boxcar Beast. The linesmen waved the flag and he was off like a shot. The sensation of speed was exhilarating, he was flying. Fred screamed across the finish line in first place.
The man told a story. The boy liked it. The boy asked to hear it again. The man refused. The boy tried to read the story by himself.
My son wanted to get a puppy. We went to the pound to look for one. We adopted a beautiful lab. We named her Ella. Now Ella has a home and my son is so happy.
Jenny started doing her Christmas shopping. She went from store to store, but nothing inspired her. Rather than give generic gifts, she planned to make them by hand. She made hand-sewn books and lots of other crafty things. Her family was thankful for all the time she put into the gifts.
My boss called and asked me to work over the weekend. After some thought, I agreed it needed to be done. I left the house early on a Saturday morning. It didn't take long to get situated at work. Once there, I got to work on some papers that were needed.
I competed in a bowling tournament in a field of 180 bowlers. I bowled three games and then took a lunch break. Afterward, I bowled three more games and then scores were added up. The tournament field was cut to the top ten for the finals. I ended up in 11th place and just missed the cut.
Chad ate little and drank less. The cancer eating away at him didn't have any less of an appetite. He was tired of fighting it, and decided to give up. His family found his body when they came for their biweekly visit. They had his body cremated, sad their grandfather had left them.
Chris was a server at a local Italian restaurant. He opened the restaurant one morning with another server named Theo. There were no customers for two hours and Chris had errands to run. He convinced Theo to let him leave because it wasn't busy. When Chris came back the restaurant was packed and Theo had made $100.
Jake always wanted to play hockey. But Jake was terrible at skating, and he was having a lot of trouble. Jake's sister was a really great skater. She spent many nights helping him with his skating. The next winter, Jake made the school hockey team!
Ellen and her brother were riding in their father's boat. Her brother docked the boat and hopped to shore. He told Ellen to jump to shore. Ellen didn't jump far enough. Ellen fell into the water.
Nancy was walking around the beach with her daughter. An ice cream truck stopped in the parking lot. Her daughter noticed and asked if she can get some ice cream. When Nancy told her no, she started to yell. Nancy took off her belt and smacked her with it.
The Christmas tree had a giant hole. The family decided to use some garland to cover it up. It didn't seem to work. The bare spot was still very obvious. The mom made a giant ornament to hang in that spot.
My dad took me to the Orioles baseball game tonight. We sat in the very front row. During the first inning, my dad jumped up and caught Davis's home run! Dad held up the ball and was put on the jumbotron! Everyone around me cheered for my dad's big catch.
Jess dialed jack's phone number again and listened to the voicemail. Jess cried and grieved upon hearing his voice. She clutched a newspaper clipping of the car accident he died in. She dialed the number again. Jack's phone was disconnected, and she could no longer hear his voice.
Angela dated a guy in high school that she loved. They broke up before college and didn't talk again. One day they ran into each other on the street. They talked and decided to have lunch. They met at lunch and kissed after.
I went to a party. I didn't know anyone. Then, a man introduced himself to me. His name was John and we talked for hours. He became my best friend!
Wendell loved basketball. He had a poster of his favorite NBA team on his wall. He would look at it and feel inspired. He dreamed of playing in the NBA. He planned on working hard until he was on a poster, too.
Dan was hosting the weekly game night at his house. Dan decided they would play a friendly game of Scrabble. In addition, Dan set up his Wii game console to play Guitar Hero. Dan and his friends were having so much fun playing the games. Dan could not wait for the next time he could host game night again.
Sylvia had a sub-par performance review at work. It put a damper on her morning. She spilled coffee on her white shirt. Her work computer crashed. Sylvia was ready for this day to be over.
Gary wore sweatpants and a t-shirt to a job interview. The interviewer gave Gary some constructive criticism about his attire. Gary went to the store and bought a nice looking suit. Gary wore the suit to his next job interview. Gary got the new job by impressing the interviewer.
Phil was a senior in high school. He was looking for colleges to go to. He spent an entire day filling out college applications. Weeks later he got his first letter back. He had been accepted into his top choice!
Jill found a pretty vase at a yard sale. It would be a perfect gift for her mother. She wrapped it for Mother's Day. When her mother opened it, she got a strange look on her face. It wasn't a vase at all, it was an urn with ashes inside of it!
Mary was really looking forward to her first day of cheerleading camp. When she got there, she was chatting with some older girls. The girls were kind of stuck-up and weren't very nice to Mary. A sad Mary soon recognized some friends her own age. Hanging out with her friends improved Mary's mood a great deal.
Delilah was learning how to knit. She decided to knit a baby blanket. Delilah's stitches got messed up. The baby blanket was accidentally a long rectangle. Delilah turned her knitting project into a scarf instead.
Jerry was playing in the yard with his friends. It began to rain but they didn't mind. They were running across the yard playing tag. Suddenly Jerry slipped on the wet grass. He wasn't hurt bad but he didn't feel like playing anymore.
Linda was on food stamps. Her husband had died, and she needed help to feed her kids. After filling her cart, she went to check out. Her card was denied. Tears ran down her cheeks until someone behind her paid for her.
I was working on my laptop one day. Suddenly, I began to experience internet problems. I checked my connection, but it still didn't work. I called my internet provider and they told me to pay my bill. After paying the bill, I no longer experienced issues.
Andrew wondered who really prayed for him when he asked for prayer. He is struggling and doesn't have money for rent. He made a request on Facebook for everyone to pray for him. His friend Monica texted him the prayer she said for him He thanked her and said his mom prayed for his downfall.
Yesterday I went to a baseball game with my dad. We were so happy when the home team won the game! Later that night we went out to throw around a baseball. We talked about the fun we had at the game. I love going to baseball games with my dad.
Gina was waiting for her phone to charge in the front seat. She finally heard the sound to indicate it was full. Her father passed her the phone as he drove on the highway. Gina began texting her friends to find out who was awake. It was 1 AM, and no one replied.
Rachel was at the lake with friends. They were exploring along the shoreline. They ended up stuck in some mud. The mud smelled really badly. They had to hike their way out of the gross stuff.
Susie had been eating too much candy and got a cavity. She went to the dentist and they told her they would fill it later. So she had forgotten about it. But months later it had gotten bigger and an issue. As soon as she went back they filled it immediately.
Tom and Eric were taking a math test in school. And because Tom was in the front of his row, he collected the tests. When Tom received Eric's test, he erased his name. Eric was shocked to receive an F in his math class. And Tom was happy to see Eric so upset.
While Evelyn was at work, her apartment burned. The fire had started with a cigarette in the apartment below hers. Luckily, she had bought renter's insurance the prior month. The insurance replaced all of her things. But it could not replace certain articles of sentimental value to her.
My sister in law lost her husband in 2016. She was looking for something to do, as she was retired. She got a job at the Boston Opera house as an usher. She worked three shifts. She quit because much of the work was at night.
Danny was while his mom was painting her room. He came running in during a game of tag. Suddenly he tripped on the paint bucket, tipping it. Paint spilled everywhere, staining the carpet. Luckily his mom had a special concoction that cleared it up.
Seth never had experience with professional art before. One day, Seth's friend took him to an art museum. Seth was very impressed by the exhibits at the museum. Seth took up art himself, and created his own paintings. One of his paintings eventually went on display at the museum.
James was busy at work. He had to prepare a big presentation tomorrow. James rushed to finish his PowerPoint. He was able to finish after working 3 hours overtime. His boss applauded James for his excellent work.
After class when I was walking to my car I noticed something. My window was broken! I was very nervous when I approached the car. When I got closer I noticed that only one thing was missing. Someone had stolen my car radio.
Donnie joined a gang to infiltrate them. He finds out their secrets and everything about them. He devises a plan with the cops. They capture all of the gang members. Donnie is glad to be done.
Every Friday night Corey went to his grandma's house. He doesn't have much fun. His grandma makes dinner and sends him to bed at eight. This weekend grandma surprised him with a new video game. Corey sat up all night playing video games and had a great time.
Billy's son watched youtube videos all day. Billy wants his son to go outside more. He puts Lego blocks outside for his son to play with. His son is excited to play outside. His son plays outside the entire day.
Sandy wanted to pick the volume in the car. Her boyfriend didn't want it too loud. She kept turning the knob. Eventually he pulled over and told her to get out. She promised to stop messing with the radio after.
Suzie had just been grounded for sneaking out. Her parents were being very strict and she couldn't see her boyfriend. She missed him so much but they wouldn't even let the two talk. Suzie wrote him a long diary entry to share with him later. When they finally got to see each other, he read it happily.
Kelley went out to eat with her friend. When it was time to pay, Kelley brought her card. When the waitress took it, she returned it. It was declined. Kelley was embarrassed.
They say driving cars isn't a real sport. Or that going in a circle isn't that challenging. But on this day the race is everything to a lot of people's lives. It means entertainment, money, fame and opportunity. And I'm ready to take it all.
Sally's family moved to a new house in a new town. Sally was sad that she didn't have any friends there. She went for a walk to the park near her new home. There was a girl there by herself. Sally became happy as she became friends with her.
Karl was watering the flowers with a hose. Suddenly there was hole in hose. Karl tried to put his foot on the hole to continue watering. He tried that several times, but it just got him wet and angry. Karl learned the lesson that day that Duck Tape fixes anything!
Hugo pushed a smaller man for no reason. The man hit Hugo in the chest. Hugo grabbed the man roughly. He threw the man to the ground. The man begged Hugo for mercy.
A boy and a girl go to the water park. They are a young couple. The like to make out there. It makes some older people uncomfortable. I do not think anyone can stop them.
John needed a new laptop computer. He went to his local electronics store to buy one. John was stunned by the sheer selection. John asked an employee which one he should get. He took the advice, getting a sweet Deal with the bells and whistles.
Justin had a crush on Kate from the moment he saw her at school. Kate always smiled and said hello, but Justin could only blush. At the school dance, Justin saw Kate sitting quietly by herself. Summoning every bit of his courage, Justin asked her to dance. Kate said yes.
The mailman became a disturbance in the neighborhood. He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors. In addition, He never sends the mail directly to someone. When the neighbor asked for it, one of the messages got thrown at him. The man collapsed on the ground.
Sara had a brand new badge. She'd just been hired as a police officer. She was proud to serve her community. On her first night, she busted a robbery. Sara thought the badge brought a lot of responsibility.
Jim started to write a story. He included a lot of action and adventure. He worked very hard to find the right words. He entered it into a competition. He was happy when his story won.
I bought a cheap jacket. It was only a dollar. It fell apart the next day. I then decided to buy a hundred dollar jacket. That jacket lasted forever.
Matt was on a train with his girlfriend. They arrived at their destination and got off the train. Five minutes later, Matt's girlfriend realized she forgot her phone. They had to drive really far to get her phone. Matt was annoyed and frustrated with the situation.
Jeremy decided his son was responsible enough for a bike. He took his son to the shop and they picked a cool one. Jeremy explained to his son he needs to be sure to keep it safe. His son quickly agreed and started riding his bike. Later that day his son came back crying, the bike was stolen.
Once my brother  dared me to eat an onion stuffed with strawberries. I did not know his friend had put chewing tobacco in it too. I accepted the dare and ate it. It made me throw up. It was a mean trick.
I hated pickles. One day, the local cafe put pickles in my burger. I demanded they give me a new burger. The cafe refused. I decided to never return to the cafe.
Billy wanted a car. He tried to get a loan but they said he didn't make enough money. Billy couldn't get a better paying job because he didn't have a car. He saved for nine months, until he had enough money for a car. Now that he has a new car and a new job.
Last month I ran a marathon. I trained for months and months before it. I ate a special diet and ran on a special schedule. I am really glad I trained. I ran a great marathon and had a great time.
Joseph likes pets. He has two dogs and three cats. One day one of the dogs got lost. Joseph tried to find him very hard. He finally find him.
Todd wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He decided to cook her french toast. As he was cooking, he got distracted. He started smelling something burning. Todd burned the french and ruined the surprise.
One day a man took a trip to Hawaii. He came across a cheap ukulele in a convenience store. He bought the ukulele and began practicing chords. The sound wasn't very good on the cheap instrument. He decided he liked playing so much that he bought a better one.
All the power went out in the town last night. We had nothing but candlelight to walk throughout the house. My mom wasn't very happy considering all of them were fancy. I never understood the point of fancy candles for decoration. Luckily the power came on the next day.
Rebecca loved dogs. She decided to adopt a dog after graduating college. She went to the dog pound and found a red dog. She bought him his favorite treats and toys. When she arrived home, she named him Banks.
Robyn's father was in the Army. They were sent to Germany for 5 years when she was a kid. She loved the food, sights and people while she was there. After 5 years, it was time to go back to the states. She missed Germany a lot and when she grew up she went back often.
Jane did not know what costume to pick for Halloween. She could be a princess, a fairy, or a ninja. She did not want to be a ninja. It was hard to choose between the princess and fairy costume. She finally chose the fairy costume.
Lucy wanted her grandpa to take her to a friends house. But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church. Lucy's grandma was cooking and wouldn't take her. She wanted to wake grandpa, but grandma forbade it. Lucy was stuck at the house until he awoke on his own.
Georgina was newly pregnant. She was going in for her first ultrasound. The results revealed that Georgina was actually pregnant for awhile. This new dating changed everything about her pregnancy. Georgina was just happy to be even closer to meeting her baby.
Ellen went to her ten year high school reunion alone. She and her boyfriend had recently broken up. As she was mingling with old friends, a hand touched her shoulder. It was her high school boyfriend Bill who she hadn't seen in years. They had a wonderful evening, agreeing to get together again.
Antonio's car died on a busy freeway. He waited a few minutes and it started. Then it died again shortly. He waited longer this time, then started it. He was afraid of it dying again, but he made it home on back roads.
Anthony is mixed with black and white. He married a white woman and they had a son. When their kid turned 13, he asked if he was black or white? Anthony told him to always say he was white. Then Anthony said white people will treat you bad if you claim black.
My FB friend's godchildren, 9, 7 and 3,  start school on Thursday. Today she took them out on a final fling. She took them to Chuck E Cheese. Then she took them to a swimming pool. They will be tired by tonight.
It was summer when we decided to go to the  beach. The beach that we chose has clean water and  has white sand. I enjoyed being there until one guy ruined  my day. He is so arrogant like he owns the beach. I decided not mind him instead i just appreciate the beach.
Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live. Her husband didn't tell her which one. When they got to the set of The Price Is Right she nearly fainted. Even better, she was called to come on down. She was even happier driving home in her new car.
It was halfway through the semester, and John was failing his classes. He decided to go to the library and study. At the library, John saw one of his professors. John pretended not to see him, and started studying. The professor walked past and said that he was glad to see John trying
Tom's Netflix stopped working. He checked and the internet was still working. Tom decided to call up the free number. They informed Tom that his latest payment didn't go through. He paid it again and it started working.
When Thomas was born his mother died while giving birth. Growing up an orphan, Thomas lived a hard life. Through trials and tribulations, Thomas grew into a great man. He attended the best schools, and graduated into a successful doctor. Thomas was a great example of someone that started with nothing.
I thought it would be fun to catch a football while on the mailbox. Someone threw the football in the air. I caught the football. But I landed on the street. My heel hurt for weeks.
Jack was making breakfast for his kids. He made a big stack of pancakes. They were fluffy and buttery. Jack gave each of his kids five of them. They gobbled them up quickly.
Tris was touring Oman with her husband. They signed up for a camel ride in the desert. At first Tris was hesitant to get on the camel. But when she finally did, she was impressed. The great desert beast bore her very well!
Johnny had to come up with extra money to pay rent He asked his manager if he could work extra shifts He worked hard during his extra shifts Johnny was excited to get his paycheck Johnny paid his rent and had extra money left over
James and Marie left home at seven. First he took her to dinner at an amazing restaurant. After that he took her dancing at a small club they'd never been to. At the end of the night they simply stared up at the stars together. It was a date neither of them would ever forget.
I had to drive through a blizzard. It was terrifying. My car was sliding all over the road. I finally was able to get where I was going. I felt extremely relieved.
Ali was giving trouble in school. She didn't get along with most of her classmates. Ali's parents decided to pull her out of school. They sent her to a different school. Ali made more friends and did better at the new school.
My wife took the bus downtown yesterday. A passenger stood in the middle of the bus. He was totally focused on his cellphone. Other passengers could not move down the bus. My wife thought this person was very rude.
Maya was a 11 year old girl. She was very rude to everyone. Her classmates thought she was a mean bully. One day a classmate told the teacher about Maya's behavior. Maya was sent to the principal's office.
Billy always likes beef jerky. Every Christmas his stocking is full of candy. But he would rather have jerky inside it. This past year he begged for jerky instead of candy. His stocking had 5 pounds of beef jerky waiting for him this year.
Frank waited anxiously for his SAT results. The school he wanted to go to required an 1800 minimum. The first time he took the test his score was 1650. Finally the envelope arrived. His new 1825 score proved that he had worked hard.
A she was approaching the intersection, a car appeared. The garage to her left had been closed, she was sure. The car slammed into her side, blocking her escape. She had been wondering moments earlier if her children had obeyed. As she blacked out the list of chores suddenly seemed less important.
Anna tried everything to cure her hiccups. Water, breath holding, peanut butter - everything! But nothing worked. She had to just wait them out. It took a full hour for Anna's hiccups to trail off.
Rambo is a dog that has horrible anxiety. Rambo's family decided to give him to a family that may be better. The new family took Rambo but couldn't handle him. Rambo's original family missed him too much. Rambo came back to his family and everyone was happy and thankful!
Tom had worked as a mailman his entire life. He had never missed a single day of work. He broke the record for twenty consecutive years. He was given a plaque and a raise. Tom felt honored.
It was the first day of school. Every year Simon would pose for a picture on this day. Now that he was 14, he thought he was too old for this tradition. He refused to pose for a photograph. Simon's mom was sad that there would be no more pictures.
In the morning, I would let the dog out and go back to bed. I would leave the door unlatched so that he could get back in. After a few minutes, he would come back in and hop on the bed. He would sit on the bed until I finally got up. This continued until the day he came back in with a dead chipmunk.
I was in my bedroom. It was very late at night. I heard a huge bang. Terrified, I went to investigate. It turned out to be just a stray cat.
Lucy wanted to see a boy she had a crush on who worked at Blockbuster. She entered the store and looked around. After 10 minutes she still hadn't seen him. Her grandma was ready to go and was rushing her. After stalling for another 10 minutes she realized he wasn't there.
Brett was having some issues. He called his best friend Michael. They met at a coffee shop to talk. After a few hours, Brett felt like he knew what to do. He thanked Michael for being such a great friend.
Two archaeologists were digging around in the desert. They found a strange looking rock covered in lumps. Curious, they brought it back to the university. One of the professors started laughing. He informed them it was a fertility idol, shaped like a chubby woman!
I was walking down the street. I saw a young girl crying all alone. She said that her best friend was leaving for camp this summer. She was here all alone. I decided that I would pay for her to be at the camp with her friend.
It was my birthday one day. My mother stopped by. She made me cake and gave me a present. I opened the present and got a tv. I hugged my mom and then she went home.
Hannah always had change falling out of her purse. She lost lots of money! Her friend bought her a purse! The purse was strong! She never lost money again!
Yoko heard a noise. The wind had rattled her shutters. She listened to the noise until she drifted off to sleep. Yoko decided to film a documentary about the wind. She dreamed of the project that night.
Kate and her friends were going on a road trip. But they hadn't timed the trip well. They left at 8 AM. And were stopped dead by rush hour traffic. Kate sat in the back seat seething for the entire 2 hours in traffic.
Francine had always wanted to play the trombone. She decided to get lessons with a local trombone player. Francine practiced trombone every day at home. Eventually she was an expert trombone player. Francine was very happy that she could finally play trombone.
Morgan can run really fast. She can even outrun the family dog. She sometimes like to run circles around her housing block. Morgan challenged her father to a race. She ran faster than her father winning the race.
John was looking forward to his birthday. He wanted a brand new bicycle. John's parents surprised him with a unicycle. He fell many times learning to ride it. John felt very accomplished when he finally mastered it.
James loves amusement parks. He tries to go every summer. He picked out a date to take his family with him. James and his family were excited for their outing. Unfortunately, the park was closed on the day that they arrived.
My wife has been having a hard time at work lately. Last week I decided to surprise her. I got her favorite movie, made her favorite food and got wine. The kids were dropped off at the babysitter's house. She was appreciative for a long time after.
Gina was waiting on her friends near her locker. She texted June, but received no reply. It was the end of the day and the locker room was packed. As time wore on the locker room cleared out. Gina was alone, and her friends were no where to be found.
Steve had to have a cavity filled. He was very afraid of the dentist and was reluctant to do it. A nurse offered to hold his hand during the procedure. Steve agreed, clutching her hand as he felt the painful tools. Thanks to her friendliness, the procedure passed quickly.
Don wanted a pair of boots. He already had a few pairs. He decided to treat himself to another. He was excited when he found a sale. Don bought his boots and wore them the next day.
Selena was at a movie opening with her friends. She was excited to meet her favorite actress in real life. When the actress approached, Selena was ecstatic. To her dismay the actress began acting rude and mean. Selena stopped liking the actress from then on.
Hari was getting old and stiff. He decided to take care of his health. He enrolled in yoga class. At first, he was the worst yogi at the yoga class. But, after many years he became one of the best yogis!
She teacher expressed how disappointed she is. She returned our essay responses from last week. My paper was filled with red marks and comments. I asked her if she can explain my errors. She rolled her eyes in front of me.
Natasha had a big, new home. She hired a decorator for the dining room. The decorator added lots of fun touches. Natasha couldn't wait to have a dinner party. She wanted to show off all the amazing work the decorator had done.
Jack and Sue rode from Texas to Florida with six children. They arrived at the hotel. The noise of the car ride motivated them to hire a nanny for 2 hours. The nanny took the children to the soda shop. The children each consumed a lemonade, glad to be out of the car.
Jeremy was writing at his desk. He heard some kind of animal shuffling around in the attic. He got up to go see what it was. In the hallway he heard a very loud thump. He went back to his desk to call an exterminator.
Tom is a musician who plays guitar. He joined a band that became very popular. Tom had to quit the band because his foot hurt too much to stand. The band came to his house and recorded music. They made a record that's now playing on the radio.
The professor returned the exam papers. Most of the class we're happy about their grades. I was confused when I found out that I've failed. When Greg looked at my paper, he noticed something. We had similar answers although they were marked wrong for me.
Yesterday I bought a box of hair dye. I was quite nervous to dye it. I was afraid I would ruin my hair. Finally I bit the bullet and did it. The result was not as bad after all.
Blair was visiting the museum with her family. She got caught up reading an interesting art exhibit. When she looked up she realized that her parents had left. She searched all over the museum to find them but she was lost. Luckily, an attendant helped her to find her family.
Howard loved his job. One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late. He was happy to stay and finish working on his project. He became so engrossed in his work that time seemed to fly by. He successfully completed his project, then returned home.
Lisa missed her grandparent very much. She thought often of calling them. Lisa one day dialed the number to call her grandparents. However, the line wouldn't go through. Lisa felt very disappointed not being able to reach her grandparents.
Kelly wanted some new earrings. Luckily her parents got her a new pair. Kelly was so happy about it. She immediately tried some on. They fit perfectly.
Tiffany texted her boyfriend a medium length grocery list. She planned out several meals with the things on the list. When her boyfriend arrived home, he brought sour cream and milk. Confused, she asked where the rest of the food was. She realized that her text became two texts, and one never got sent.
One day the police stopped Amanda for seemingly no reason. They accused her of hiding drugs on her person. They proceeded to strip search her in the middle of the street! Eventually they let her go, after not finding anything. Amanda was shocked and humiliated that such a thing had happened.
Alice introduced herself to Abby. Later, Abby saw ALice walk by again. She ran up to her and started chatting. The woman acted very confused. Abby learned later that Alice had a twin!
He was ecstatic. He had just logged into the server. He found that his new favorite game was released. He purchased it immediately. He played it all day long.
Beth hated her job. She finally decided to apply for new positions. She got an interview for her dream job. It went very well. Beth got an offer and quit her old job.
Michael's shoes were untied. He was walking up the stairs. He accidentally tripped on one of his shoelaces! Michael fell on the stairs. He cried out of embarrassment.
Amy always wanted to go for a trip on an Amtrak train. She went online and purchased a ticket. The day of the trip she arrived at the train station. When asked for her ticket she realized she left it at home. Amy was disappointed to miss her train.
Jane had her first date since moving back to her mother's house. He arrived 15 minutes early and Jane was not ready. While Jane dressed her mother asked the young man questions. Jane was mortified when she realized he was being interrogated. Jane apologized profusely as they drove to the restaurant.
Sammy wanted to go ice skating on the frozen lake in town. Thinking it wasn't fully frozen, everyone said it was too early. Sammy didn't listen and went ices skating on the pond anyway. Just when he made it to middle of the lake, the ice gave way. He nearly froze to death before he was rescued.
Bryan had a baby tortoise. He needed to feed it, so he left to the store and bought herbs. When he got home, he chopped them up and drenched them in water. He fed the tortoise and it looked to be satisfied. Bryan was happy now that his tortoise was well fed.
Tom was very anxious about starting his new job. On his first day in the office he felt like nobody talked to him. He even thought about quitting right away. The next day he talked to Jon and found they liked similar things. They're now good friends and Tom really enjoys going to work.
Derek is the top member of the swim team. Derek knew he could do better. His coach had him practice everyday. The day of the big race Derek took first place! Derek made his parents and his classmates proud.
Brad had a leak under his bathtub. His kitchen filled with water! A plumber came over right away to fix it. Soon the pipes were fixed. Brad took a bath to forget about the huge hole in the ceiling.
Trevor has wanted to learn how to surf for years. He planned a trip to the beach to learn. Unfortunately, he watched Shark Week before his trip. Trevor spent his vacation on the beach. Trevor didn't even get in the water.
Nancy left a cloth on the stove. Since the stove was hot, the cloth caught on fire. She was able to wash the flames off. However, they reappeared when she left. She didn't realize anything until the smell got worse.
It was my fifth grade dance. I had a huge crush on this girl. I finally asked her to dance. I leaned in to try and steal a kiss. She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could.
Clark was finally getting to go. He had always wanted to see where his dad worked. They got onto the elevator. They were going down into the mine. Clark was amazed at the experience.
Mica and her bridesmaids woke up excited for the wedding day. Shortly after they woke up there was a knock at the hotel door. Alice from the salon had come to do their hair and makeup. All of the girls laughed and joked around while Alice worked. It wasn't until Mica was all dressed that everyone got serious.
Kelly decided she wanted to try something different. She always had the same meal for breakfast. She decided to try some fruit bars. She put some in her mouth. The taste was delicious.
Cheney was afraid of water. Her family had dragged her to the ocean to spend time. She was so nervous as she entered the water. As soon as she entered, a stingray came and bit her. Her fear of water got even worse after that.
Mario swept Carla off her feet by offering her a diamond ring. She turned around the room as he held her close. But when he hit the corner of a table, the ring fell. It rolled on the floor. And fell between the cracks of the floor.
Terence was a naturalist. He noticed the weather influenced the nature's beauty. He went to the park after a big rain. He saw a the most beautiful sunset he had ever seen. He knew this was only possible because it was after a storm.
Ida was on a trip to the beach. Then she realized she had forgotten her sunglasses! She was unhappy and angry that she had to lay out in the sun. She spent the afternoon grumbling about the sun in her eyes. On the way home, she saw the glasses had been in her visor all along!
I just made myself some popcorn as a snack. The doorbell rang as soon as I sat down to eat. It was my mailman delivering a package. When I came back my popcorn bowl was empty and my son was laughing. I guess I have to make more popcorn if I want my snack.
My mom wanted me to buy food for the house. Since I was saving my money, I asked my sister if she can buy it. Although she got paid today, she didn't want to spend any money. We argued for several minutes. Overall, we ended up eating leftovers from the fridge.
Tim and his friends were big football fans. They saved up money to watch their favorite team play. They all got seats close to the action. Their team was beaten pretty badly. Tim and his friends still rooted them on, though.
Burt decided to go to Comic Con. He figured he would dress up in a costume. He wondered if he should go as Mario or Luigi. He decided he was too tall to go as Mario. He went as Luigi.
Five friends decided that they wanted to start a jazz band. They practiced every day in the garage of one friend's house. Soon they got hired to play at a wedding. The gig was a roaring success. After that the friends had a performance every Friday somewhere.
Savannah could never afford Christmas cards. One day, she saw a cool code online. It was for free Christmas cards. She hurried to make some. Then, she ordered them to her house.
Every time Shelley saw her uncle, he would sing to her. She always asked him to sing the same things. Her favorite was one she called the scary story. She liked the song and the gestures that went with it. Years later she discovered that the scary story was from a musical.
Kyle took his girlfriend out on a date. They first bought popcorn before sitting down to watch the movie. They both enjoyed the movie. After watching the movie Kyle bought his girlfriend ice cream. Finally he took her back home.
Me and my friends played cards last night. I noticed my friend was winning a lot of games. Halfway through I noticed that she was cheating! I caught her in the act. Now she doesn't cheat anymore when she plays cards.
When we were on vacation we kept getting Chick Fil A. We don't have any located by us. We would go there and get new items. We loves how fresh everything was. We will definitely visit again
Timothy has a big test tomorrow. Timothy starts to read his textbooks. Timothy studies his notes from class. Timothy stays up all night studying. Timothy is well prepared for the test the next morning.
They family had never decorated for Christmas before. They decided to string lights all over their house. After hours of work, it was finished. The house looked beautiful! They decided to do even more next year.
Sally was sewing in her craft room. She was making curtains for her bedroom. In an hour, she was finished. She hung them carefully and then admired them. They were beautiful!
Tyler made fun of Maryann for being a girl. He said she wasn't as good at anything like boys are. Maryann challenged him to his favorite video game. She destroyed him. Tyler doesn't make fun of girls anymore.
Kelly decided to go to the new pizza place down the street. When she tried it she loved it. Kelly thought it was amazing. It was so good she went back. She wanted to go everyday.
Corey was riding his jet ski when suddenly a boat ran him down He got scared the boat was attempting to injure him. The driver of the boat was very drunk. Corey called the police. The driver was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Brooke was known for her pretty clothes. She was always perfectly dressed. She found a beautiful dress for a special occasion. All her friends raved about how great she looked. Brooke was glad that her reputation was going to continue.
Kate and her husband were expecting. They had an appointment for a sonogram. Both were nervous for the results. When the doctor ran the instrument over Kate, he had a surprise. He told them he heard two hearts and said they were having twins!
I brought home a girl from the bar last night. In the middle of the night I woke up to her staring at me. I asked her why she was staring at me, but no answer. I shined my phone light in her eyes and all I saw were whites. This girl slept with her eyes opened, and I never called her again.
I was playing Call of Duty with my friend last night. It was an online match up. We were both even with seconds to go. Right as I was going for another kill my internet froze. He claimed it as a victory anyway.
Ryan always wanted to ride a bull. His friends took him to a bar with a mechanical bull. After a few drinks Ryan had built up the nerve to get on it. He had no idea what he was doing. The bull flung Ryan across the mat and he hurt his leg.
I was driving in Alabama in a remote area. I was unsure of my destination but I had no GPS signal. Finally I arrived at a store and went inside. I purchased a map and a compass. Using this old school method I could find my way.
Our cat gets her evening meal at 8 pm. Last night she kept coming up to us. We told her the food was in the dish. Finally my wife realized the cat wanted her to walk her to the dish. My wife had to walk the cat over to the kitchen so she could eat.
New people moved into the house across the street from Charles. He never would have guessed it would lead to a new career. One day Charles took pictures from the house across the street. The owner came outside and gave Charles a manual for shooting video. Charles read it and the homeowner gave Charles a job on a film crew.
The big day had finally come, Sam was going to be married. After getting ready, her bridesmaids met her in the hotel lobby. Waiting, the limo was over an hour late. After a few calls, the limo had been parked just out of sight. After entering the limo, Sam screamed at the driver for being late.
Tanya was talking to her friend on the phone. She felt the phone overheating. She decided to put her phone to rest. The phone sparked immediately. Tanya couldn't turn it on anymore.
Ron was a simple man who enjoyed simple things. He liked a neat scotch and nothing else. His friends convinced him to go to a new bar. The bar was doing a new thing called Mixology. Ron couldn't get his scotch and he hated every second he spent there.
Molly was cleaning her house. She was organizing a shelf near the ceiling. Molly climbed on a counter to reach the shelf. She started to lose her balance. Molly was able to grab onto the shelf to stop from falling.
Jojo wanted to go to the top of the sears tower. But, he lived in Malaysia. Jojo bought a plane ticket to chicago. Jojo took a taxi to the Sears Tower. Jojo took the elevator to the top of the tower!
It was Meghan's birthday and nobody gave her anything. She was sad but didn't show it. When she went home she cried herself to sleep after wine. The next day her work threw her a surprise birthday party. Meghan felt better and a little silly too.
Jane tried for weeks to get her family to eat healthy. So far it was a failure. She decided to compromise. She made black bean burgers and sweet potato fries. She was elated to see her kids eat all of their food.
I went to the park yesterday. I looked for a seat that has a nice view. Then i found a seat facing the lake. Sometimes i want to be alone when going to the park. I put my earphones on and listen to music.
Shannon put on her apron. She cut up some beets. She wiped her hands on the apron. The apron became stained. Shannon changes her apron.
I was playing my favorite board game with my friends. All through the start of the game I had a big lead. I was very confident that I would win. I was so excited about winning that I stopped playing very well. I ended up losing the game.
John felt sick and weak for a few days. He tried to rest at home and sleep, but he couldn't get refreshed. John called his doctor and scheduled an appointment. At the doctor's visit, John had several medical tests performed. The doctor found that John had the flu and needed medication.
The man filled the pitcher. He carried it to the table. He dropped the pitcher. Some of the beer fell on the ground. The man went to get a new pitcher.
The argument started over college tuitions. One person said it was important to have free college as an option. Another said go to community college instead. The argument ensued that community college is not a four year program. Both sides huffed away not reaching an agreement.
One morning Mallory was having trouble waking up. The room was so cold and it was warm under her blanket. So she got the day's clothing from her chair. And she put them on under the blanket warming them up. So when she got up she was nice and toasty.
Jace's hair had grown so long, that he was ready for a haircut. At the salon, the cosmetologist put a colorful cover over Jace. She began to cut his hair, and he sat very still. After she finished cutting his hair, she styled it. Afterwards, Jace had his picture taken as it was his first haircut.
Tom was going to be interviewed on the news. He decided to dress up. Unfortunately he picked a bad color. It matched and clashed with the backdrop. Tom asked if he could change but there wasn't time.
After a long day my father used to go the bar. One time he had me after school and took me with him. I played games in the corner while he talked with his buddies. We were both very happy. My mother yelled at both of us afterwards.
Nicole had a boyfriend. She ended up pregnant. She didn't know what to do. She told her family. Everyone was very supportive!
Fran had a delicious cake recipe. Her friends encouraged her to enter a baking competition. Fran was nervous, but decided to give it a shot. Fran entered her cake into the competition. Everyone loved her cake and she won first place.
John's grandpa died and he was very sad. The funeral was that day, and John didn't want to go. He didn't want to say goodbye. John eventually decided to go, but it was hard. John said goodbye and cried very hard when he got home.
Ky wanted a koala for a pet. She begged her parents incessantly. But they had to tell her that koalas made bad pets! Ky was sad, but finally she understood. Soon she decided on a dog instead!
Bob had his teeth cleaned and the dentist took pictures of his teeth. The dentist had to put salt in his mouth so he would not gag. The salt kept him from gagging but it tasted awful. The dentist determined that he needed to pull the tooth. Bob made an appointment for later in the month to remove it.
Amy was getting dressed for work. She only had one pair of clean socks. When she looked she was only able to find one sock. Amy went to work with no socks. Her feet sweated and stunk in her shoes at work.
The man gave the boy a grade. The boy didn't like it. The boy complained to the man. The man agreed to change it. The boy still was not happy.
Lorraine noticed that her doll was not wearing shoes. She asked her mama to help her put shoes on her doll. Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked. She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on. Lorraine thanked her mama for the help.
Sue loved her mother's catfish. She ate it everyday. One day sue went off to college. She missed her mother's catfish. One day her mother surprised her and showed up with a lot of catfish!
My mother insisted on going to an Easter play after work. I told her she should stay home and rest. She insisted she was not tired, but she was. During the play  I noticed my mom dozing off frequently. When the play ended my mom tripped and fell down the stairs.
I could barely hear anything. I tried turning up the sound. Nothing was making it any louder. I gave up and purchased new speakers. The new speakers did the job and I was happy.
I was running late for work one morning. I could not find my keys anywhere. I spend half an hour looking through my house. I finally remembered to check under my bed. I looked there, and found my shoes.
My kettle started to shoot steam into the air. I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle. All of a sudden, the top of the kettle popped off. All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand. I ended up getting burned.
His mother picked him up at the end of the semester. On the long drive home, she asked about his schedule for next year. She eased into asking him about the finals and his grades. He took a deep breath and she knew something bad was coming. He was sure he had failed a class, but he would retake it in the fall.
Allie had a cat she had for a few years. But she was getting sick. They had to put the cat down. Allie was so sad she couldn't stop crying. She felt so attached to the cat.
She went to a dog race for the first time. She had never bet on races before. She was thrilled by the excitement in the air. She bet 20 dollars on a greyhound. She lost the money, but had a good time.
As a kid, Barry could run very fast. Barry took his talents to a football field. Barry was later known as a professional best. Barry continued running and setting records. Still to this day, Barry is known as being better than all the rest.
John was in the market for a new car. He wasn't sure which car he wanted so he looked around. He knows I have a lot of experience with cars so I helped. I told him where to look for good info regarding cars. He ended up finding a car based on my advice!
Joe was an contracting handyman. He worked a different job everyday. His pay was always uncertain. Joe was offered a salaried position on his job. He gladly accepted the offer.
It was the first day of school, and Jim received his schedule. When school began, Jim looked through the halls to find his class. He wandered around until the halls were empty, but was still lost. Finally, a teacher found him and helped him find his class. Jim found his classroom and then hurried into class.
Gretchen was feeling very sad as she walked to work one day. As she walked down the street, a man in a costume called her over. The man asked Gretchen to solve a riddle and she would win a prize. She solved the riddle and the man gave her a giftcard for his store. Gretchen felt happy because the prize cheered her up.
Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning. He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather. He took his bike out and left his house. Josh rode his bike to the park and back. He felt good that he got some exercise.
I was working the register at the local drug store. Storm clouds began accumulating, with the sky darkening. There was a sudden crack of thunder and flash of lightning. My register shut off and the lights went out. The bolt had struck only a few feet from the entrance to the store!
Scotty has always wished that he had a girlfriend. While his friends have girlfriends, he has always been alone. Finally he meets a girl who seems to like him. Scotty offers to take her out for dinner. Scotty is happy that he finally might have found a girlfriend.
I took the dog for a walk to the lake. She was easily distracted by everything we walked past. By the time we got to the lake, she was worn out. I was a bit worn out as well. I ended up having to call my husband to pick us up and take us home.
Dan's well had gone dry and he wanted to figure out why. He called out a company to check it out. They told him the side casings had fell in. Dan didn't have the money to fix it. He put in a cistern instead.
Dan love to play poker. He is very good at it. He decided to enter into a big tournament. He was able to win over $1000 in the tournament. Dan decided to keep playing poker tournaments.
Tyler was on his way home for Christmas. He had a flight on a small airplane. During the flight, there was a lot of turbulence. At one point, it got so bad that Tyler was a bit worried. Luckily, the plane landed safely.
Jane wanted a power wheels for christmas. Her parents told her they couldn't afford one. Jane understood and wasn't too upset. Christmas morning she noticed a big box by the tree. Jane's parents surprised her with the gift she wanted.
Gina's pencils had been missing for 2 days. She had searched a classmate's desk, but hadn't found them. And she wouldn't be able to search his backpack. She had no idea where they were. But it was time to give up her search.
On the way home we went to the caverns. A movie had been made inside. We looked at the memorabilia the crew left inside the cave. We also saw many little bats hanging upside down. We walked down the pier to the water.
Our granddaughter is two years old. She has been in daycare for a year. Yesterday she hit another child. The child was drinking from other kids' cups. My daughter was not amused while we laughed.
Mozzy grew up very rough. He wanted a better life for himself. He decided to quit selling drugs and get a job. He got a fast food job, but saved all his money and quit his gang. Soon, he was able to move out the hood and get a nice place.
Tim didn't get many girls. He thought getting in shape would help. Tim decided to get a six pack. It took him months to get it. It didn't help him get girls.
Jimmy and Tyler were interested in attending their first Eagles game. Together, they bought tickets for the Week 1 matchup. When they got to the stadium, they were taken aghast by the ambiance. The thrill of the game was enough for both wanting more. By the time it was over, they were new season ticket holders!
Janie developed severe scoliosis in her back. She started walking and sitting strangely. Her neck was hurting her very badly. Eventually her back began to bow. She refused to get surgery to fix it.
Tina was baking cookies. And she was really anxious to try them. She frequently opened the oven door to check on them. So the oven kept losing heat. Tina impulsively took the cookies out and ate them.
Amy worked from home and had an issue for a supervisor. She was surprised to see there were only other agents in the chat room Amy informed the caller there was no supervisor. The caller was even more irate than before. After 45 minutes of the caller agreed to a supervisor callback.
Tom had a light jacket he really liked. He decided to wear it out one night. Unfortunately it was really cold out. Tom wasn't able to stay very warm. He had to go home early.
I wrote a poem in high school for a girl named Jessi. Jessi and I broke up. Then I began dating Lee Lee. I copied the poem I wrote for Jessi and gave it to Lee Lee. Lee Lee told me that Jessi showed her the poem six months earlier!
Jim was sitting alone in his room, bored. He decided to go out and do something. He tagged the stop sign at the end of his street. A cop sat in his cruiser and watched him do it. Jim got sentenced to six months in juvenile detention.
It was Mandy's birthday. She was not expecting to get anything. Then all the sudden she got headphones. She was amazed. She couldn't believe she got them.
Amy loved Chocolate Chip cookies. Her grandmother made them all the time, but her mother didn't bake. When she was visiting her grandma she asked her how to make them. She took careful notes as her grandma showed her how to make them. Amy was excited to try the cookie recipe on her own at home.
Tim gave his dog a bath today because he got dirty in the yard. The dog stood in the tub while he ran water over him. He then dribbled shampoo on the dog and began to suds him up. He rinsed him off and let him shake in the tub a few times. Finally, to dry him off, he took him for a walk in the sun.
My niece has health issues. She is constantly dizzy. Also she is very sensitive to common scents. The scent of Lysol at work made her sick last week. She is seeing a doctor for a diagnosis.
Sal wanted to audition for the local singing competition. He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing. He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell. Sal sang the song with no mistakes at all. The judges announced Sal as the winner.
Tuttle was very good with money. He would never overspend on things. Yesterday was different however. It was Christmas time and he spent a lot on family gifts. It was the first time in two years he went over his budget.
Riley is an upstairs neighbor. He makes too much noise. Riley receives constant complaints filed against him. Riley get evicted. His new apartment complex puts him in the basement.
There was a pinata at Lela's friend's party. Lela was excited. She took her two swings but the pinata didn't break. It did break when the boy after her hit it. She rushed to pick up as much candy as she could.
I want to be rich from an idea that makes profits. I thought of a simple product to save energy. I researched my idea online. I learned no one is making or selling my product. I'm now selling my product and counting my profits.
John had an car accident. His car needed to be towed. He called the towing service. When the tow truck showed up it ran into his car. Now both vehicles need to be towed.
After the bell rung, My friends decided to go into room 432. The room had several people that greeted us. We kindly responded and they took us to the supervisor. He gave us a box of goods to sell, such as candy and drinks. We were able to raise $20-30 dollars for the day.
Alice had a new kitten. She bought it a fun toy. It had feathers all over it. The kitten played with it for hours. Alice had so much fun with him!
Bea studied hard for the spelling bee. She memorized all the words she could think of. At the spelling bee, she tried her very best. To her surprise, she won first place! Bea was so proud of herself!
They got some new shakeology to try with their diet. The flavor was chocolate and they were to mix it with water. They put in some ice and through it in the blender. They thought it had a bit of a funky taste. Even though it was good for them, they couldn't get past the taste.
Monica had extra money and wanted to play the lottery. She paid $50 for some lottery tickets to win the big jackpot. Monica was confident that today was her lucky day. When the winning numbers were announced, none of them were hers. Monica decided she would never gamble that much money again.
Bill needs  new car. He decides to head down to the dealership. He picks out a red car. He's so happy with his choice. Bill buys the car and doesn't look back.
My brother is not someone I talk to all the time. When we were younger he would fight with me. One day I had enough and hit him with a chair. My mother was very mad. He never hit me again though.
Paul was on the subway heading into San Francisco. He knew it was going to be busy, since it was Super Bowl Weekend. He wasn't prepared for how busy it really was. Once he got off the subway, he could barely get out of the station. He decided to just get back on the subway and go home.
Stephanie had been preparing for her piano recital for months. She was nervous as she got on stage. Her fingers trembled as she began to play her piece. Stephanie began to forget the song in the middle of her performance. She skipped that portion and successfully finished the song.
We went to visit my Uncle Albert's farm in rural Maine. My brothers and sisters went to play on the rope swing in the barn. They said I was to little to swing and to go back to Momma. I climbed under the porch to listen to Momma and Uncle talk. A feral momma cat with kittens attacked me and scratched my face.
My wife bought a new iPhone. ITunes lets you download your purchases onto the new phone. She downloaded her music. One album had 13 songs, but only 7 were downloaded. She sent an email to tech support.
Alfred baked a pie. He cut the pie while it was still hot. He took a piece of the pie on a plate. He took a big bite. He burned the roof of his mouth.
Dan had just arrived in Florida for a Disney World trip. His kids waited in the car while he checked into the hotel. At the counter he learned that he actually had no reservation. Somehow online he had made some sort of mistake. Luckily they had one decent room available for them.
Tim was going to be a father. He wanted to celebrate with friends. Tim had an old bottle of great cognac. He opened it for the first time to celebrate his son's birth. He shared it with all his friends.
Jim was a talented flute player. The lead flute player in the local orchestra was sick. Jim was asked to fill in. Jim filled in admirably. Jim became world renown because of his performance.
The Green family had lived on the same farm for several generations. The father loved the old place, but their finances began to suffer. Though he tried to keep their home, he eventually had to concede. After so many years, the Green family left their old farm. As adults, the children always thought of it with wistfulness.
Bob was interested in raising bees. He read several books to study beekeeping. Bob invested in beekeeping equipment. He caught a swarm and relocated them. Bob has been raising bees for several months now.
Sue ordered coffee. She knew it would be hot. She went to take a sip and forgot it was hot. Sue burned her tongue. She decided to be more careful.
I am training to be a professional actor. Last week I auditioned for a theatrical production of Hamlet. They ended up going with a much older actor. The notes they gave me were very encouraging. I'm on the lookout for more auditions.
Topher made a film for his film class. He was very proud of the editing. He aired the film in class, hoping that the people liked it. They all thought that the editing was not very good. Topher was upset, and left the class.
Cathy went to the doctor to get her foot checked out. The doctor's examination showed that the foot was broken. Cathy had to drive to the orthopedist's office to get a cast. Cathy found it very hard to driving home with a cast. Once she was home she sat in a chair and didn't move for 5 hours.
Lucy went to the store. She wanted to get her mother a Christmas present. She only had five dollars. She bought several items at the Dollar Store. Lucy's mother was thrilled with her presents.
Two families went out to eat a fancy dinner. When the check came, the waiter placed it between the two fathers. One father grabbed it and placed a stack of money in it. The other father grabbed it and ripped the money. He told the other man that his money was no good here.
Graham was a new dad. His baby would not stop crying one night. He tried everything to soothe him, but he wouldn't calm down. Finally he put the baby in the car and started to drive around. That was able to calm the baby and put him to sleep.
Fred was a dog owner who was thinking of adopting another dog. He went down to the humane society with his current dog in tow. The idea was to see how well his dog got along with any new ones. Fred found a mutt who seemed to hit it off with his current dog. He brought home the mutt and they lived happily ever after.
Gina was ready to leave her dad's mom's house. Until her older sister Kim arrived. Kim came to the porch where Gina and her cousin were sitting. Gina wasn't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape. To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends.
I got my nails done yesterday. I went to a fancy salon to get them done. However to my surprise my nails chipped today. I was incredibly disappointed. Next time I will make sure to wear a top coat.
Jim had always wanted to become a lawyer. He grew up watching crime shows. All he had left was to pass the bar exam. He was confident that all his studying would pay off. He got a great score!
My dad died when I was 22 years old. He had a heart attack unexpectedly. He woke up with chest pain one morning. He went to the hospital to check it out. He never came back home.
Zach and Kate are moving to Hawaii. They plan to build a yurt to live in. Kate called me today and we met for coffee. She showed me pictures of the type of yurt they plan to build. I can't imagine living in a tent permanently!
Greg was feeling depressed. He had always wanted a family but he was still alone. He decided to make his dream a reality. He began dating and found an amazing woman. Within a couple of years they were married with a baby on the way.
Bob felt his pants and realized he has lost his wallet. He frantically tried to remember where he has been today. He called the barbershop that he got his haircut earlier. They answered and told him they have his wallet. Overjoyed, Bob drove back to the barbershop to pick up his wallet.
Paul had dark  brown hair and he thought it was very plain. He wanted to spice up the color a little bit. He bought a hair dye that had subtle red highlights in it. He applied the dye, waited, then rinsed it off. He was surprised to see that all of his hair had been dyed bright red!
Linda was attempting to get into football more. She saw how much her husband liked it. When she sat down to watch it, she tried to cheer at the right times. Her husband gave her a dirty look, saying she was trying to mock him. Linda has given up trying to get into football.
Nate was very creative and very emotional. He wrote his feelings and ideas in a journal every day. During high school, he picked a career - writer! He submitted his journals to a small publisher for consideration. They loved the books, and Sam officially became a published diarist!
One day Eleanor decided to join the Highway Cleanup team. On Monday she and the rest of the team drove to the highway. They found lots of trash. They picked it up. They all had a fun time.
Shelby adopted a great dog from the local shelter. His one bad habit was that he helped himself to things on the counter. Her friend told her to tape bubble wrap along the edge. Dogs usually don't like the feel or sound of bubble wrap. Within a week, her dog was no longer counter-surfing.
Jim was excited for the first day of school. He was old enough to ride his bike to school this year. His mom told him not to leave so soon. Jim did not listen. He got to school before all the other students and teachers.
Jonah didn't like to play the recorder in front of people. Everyone said it was lame and he felt ashamed. So when the music teacher asked him to perform, he said no. But as she insisted he found himself playing in front of everyone. He did his best and was surprised when everyone clapped.
Gina already had tears streaming down her face. She walked in the bathroom and to the stall swiftly. The girls at the sink hadn't noticed the tears. Gina sat silently until they left. Gina was relieved she could finally cry in peace.
Lily was walking to school. Huge gusts of wind were crashing into her. One of the gusts swept away her scarf. She chased after it but to no avail. Luckily, someone caught the scarf and returned it to her later.
Lucy was cleaning the bathroom. She was new to cleaning, but was willing to try. Her grandmother only had Comet to clean the bathtub. Lucy poured the Comet in not realizing she used too much. It took 15 minutes to rinse the Comet from the bathtub once clean.
Gale was walking her dog down the street. There was a cat in the sidewalk. Gale's dog saw the cat. The dog got loose from Gale. Gale found the dog barking at the cat in a tree.
Sara and Jane decided to buy Powerball tickets. They had to cross the river to do so. Once across the river, they ended up at a biker bar. At the bar, there were hundreds of people buying tickets. Sara and Jane won nothing.
Mama's Restaurant is the most popular restaurant on Maui. Bill had to make reservations weeks before his Hawaii trip. He looked up the restaurant on the internet and read about it. He found that people in the know did not order a Mai Tai. They order a Black Tai and get a better drink.
Jeff stayed with us another night as well. That night we played hide and seek. My brother and I ran into our parent's bedroom. We decided to wear each other's clothes to trick him. My brother wore my dress, and I wore his jeans and shirt.
Grace decided to try something new. She joined the Opera club. It was something so different and sounded wonderful. The minute she joined she wondered why she hadn't joined sooner. She met her best friend in the club.
Larry found a hurt bird. He put it in a shoe box. He fed the bird. The bird survived. Larry kept it in a cage in his room.
James loved to eat cereal. He opened up a brand new box this morning. Inside he discovered that he won a vacation for 2 to Mexico! He was so excited! James went on the free vacation with his girlfriend.
George decided that he needed a new hat. George decided to go to the mall to find one. He went into many different stores and tried on many hats. George finally found one that he liked and bought it. George was happy to have a new hat.
Dan's brother Rob had a Power Wheel truck. Dan always wanted one but was too old. His brother loved and played with the truck all day. Dan began to despise his brother and his new truck. Dan decided it wasn't fair for his brother to have a truck.
The man bumped his knee. His friend told him to keep it cold. The man got some peas from the freezer. He put them on his knee. His knee didn't swell up.
Jen had PPD after her baby was born. All she could do was lie in bed and cry. Her husband had to quit his job to take care of the baby. He told Jen it didn't matter, he just wanted her to get better. Secretly, he resented her for having PPD.
Tyler went to the zoo with his dad. He laughed when he saw all the animals doing silly things. His dad helped him take pictures of animals on the phone. He liked the pictures and was very pleased. His dad bought him an ice cream, and they went home.
David loves to play video games and plays them everyday. He's about to graduate high school and doesn't want to go to college. He isn't interested in anything except playing video games. His mom suggested he create his own and that inspired David. He applied for college the next day to get a computer science degree.
I placed my white clothes in washer to clean it. After pressing the rinse button, I left the washing room. Hours later, I realized that the clothes are still in the washer. I quickly ran to get it. There was mold surrounding every piece of clothing.
Dave stood at the penalty kick line waiting to shoot. He signaled to his friend who stood near the goalie. Dave kicked the ball and the goalie followed it with his eyes. The friend shouted a very profane word to distract the goalie. The distraction was a success and the ball went in.
A new family moved in next door to Sam. They had a little girl. When Sam went to meet her, he found something strange. The little girl was blind! Sam decided it'd be cool to have a blind friend.
Jack was running out of places to smoke. The city passed a law saying you couldn't smoke in public. Jack couldn't smoke anywhere he went! He snuck a cigarette into the men's bathroom. When he came out, an officer was there to write him a ticket.
Ted was excited about opening up his new electronics store. He had ordered the newest tablets, computers and cell phones to sell. His employees helped him arrange everything for the grand opening. The mayor was there to cut the ribbon on the day of the grand opening. There were so many customers that everyone knew it was a success.
Dan's glasses were dirty. He was having trouble seeing his monitor. He found some alcohol based cleaner. Dan cleaned his glasses until they were clear. Now he can read what's on his monitor.
The year that Eric turned forty, his wife planned something special. For months, she set money aside to surprise him with a vacation. A few weeks before his birthday, she booked a trip to Las Vegas. On his birthday, Eric's wife revealed the trip to him. A few weeks later, they took off for Las Vegas and had a blast!
Will had a lovely girlfriend. She had a wild younger sister. One night the little sister started flirting with Will. Will told her he was flattered but not interested. They set clear boundaries between each other.
My sister was in an open relationship. She started seeing another guy besides her boyfriend. Months into the second relationship, the guy made a confession. He, too, had been seeing someone else the whole time. My sister dumped him.
Wade was very nervous. His mom had just had a baby. He feared he would be a bad big brother. Then he held his little sister and saw her smile. He realized that he would be a great brother because he loved her!
Lisa wanted her daughter to do more chores. So she asked her to do the dishes. But when it was dinner time Lisa realized all the plates were stained. And she had to wash them again. Lisa never let her daughter to dishes again.
I met my wife in 1980. We went to dinner at Schroeder's, a German restaurant. Her family was insular and she had never been to a restaurant. She loved the experience. We go out to eat often, although Schroeder's is gone.
I found a cat tail in the yard. It looked like it had been bitten off. I looked around for a large animal. I didn't see anything. I got a shovel to clean it up.
Lexi has three playful dogs. The dogs usually get along very well. One day she brought home a puzzle toy filled with treats. The dogs started fighting over the toy. Lexi gave the puzzle toy to a friend with only one dog.
I was doing an mTurk hit on photo images. I saw 200 photos of hamburgers. The burgers looked very tasty. Today I went out to lunch and ordered a big hamburger. It tasted very nice.
Bruce was a very successful athlete. He always felt he was meant to be a woman. One day Bruce had gathered the courage to let the world know. Bruce was finally going to be the women he felt he was. Bruce turned into a pretty Woman named Caitlin.
Rachel was at a Halloween party. She was wearing an extravagant homemade costume. She decided to enter a costume contest. All of the entrants had to parade across the stage. To Rachel's surprise, she actually won the contest.
Mark was at bat and had two strikes on him. The pitcher threw a fastball right down the plate. Mark swung as hard as he could. He hit the ball but lost control of the bat too. No fielder dared catch the ball for fear of being struck by the bat.
Tom was trying to print some papers. The printer said it was out of ink. Tom was only printing in black and there was plenty left. The printer said it needed yellow ink to continue. Tom never bought that brand of printer again.
Nancy was pregnant with her first baby. At her ultrasound, she learned that her baby had Down syndrome. The doctor gave her the choice to get an abortion or not. She decided to keep the baby, as it was a viable life. She never regretted her decision, and had the special baby.
Tommy was looking forward to Halloween. Tommy had his costume prepared. Tommy went Trick Or Treating that night. Tommy received a large amount of candy. Tommy was happy because he had so much candy.
After months of hard training I was ready for my first boxing match. I was nervous and sweaty with a lot of doubt. The judge called us over and began the match. I was trying my best to stay calm throughout the fight. At the end of the boxing match I KO my opponent and won.
Patrick was a rescue Pitbull from a rescue down the street. Patrick was adopted however he continued to come to events. At one event a little girl was fascinated by his ears. He was being a good boy and she fell in love with him but he was taken She ended up adopting a different pitbull and they were happy.
Kelly started to make an apple pie. She needed it for the bake sale. When she was done baking she went to the bake sale. Luckily for her her pies sold out quickly. Kelly was elated.
Wright had a very dirty ceiling. One day, he decided he would paint it. After many tries, he finally finished. He had painted it a very lovely shade of blue. Finally, Wright had a good looking ceiling.
I went to sleep with gum in my mouth. When I got home I had gum in my hair. My mom told me to stop chewing gum. My mom cut out a piece of my hair. My friends at school laughed at my weird hair.
Aaron is an amazing artist. He stopped painting when he got a job at a factory. He said he never had time to paint. After 5 years, Aaron quit the job. Now he makes a living by selling his beautiful artwork.
I was at the grocery store and about to check out. I see the lines were very long and never ending. However, a cashier open a lane just for me. It felt so great to be treated this way. I thanked the cashier for doing this.
It was a really hot day and Jamie wanted something sweet. Seeing a cute ice cream shop nearby she decided to go in. While waiting she noticed two children who looked very sad. She soon realized they had no money. As she placed her order she also bought the children ice cream.
Jimmy's favorite move is the uppercut. He likes to sneak up on people to perform the maneuver. On this day, Jimmy decided to uppercut a stranger. He threw his arm into the motion, but his uppercut was blocked. Jimmy was arrested by an undercover officer.
Billy was in love. The moment he met his new puppy, they were best friends. They did everything together. Then one day, Billy's puppy had her own puppies! Now, Billy has to spread his love around!
The teacher mentioned to the class that some his stuff was stolen. Since it occurred in the classroom, he asked if anyone took it. No one in the class responded. As a result, he suspended everyone in the class. They couldn't go to school until next week.
Bryan was bored one day, so he decided to look on the news. The news was full of negativity and violence. Bryan felt bored by what he was reading so he turned off his computer. He left to the park with his dog instead. He had a great time and felt happy with his dog.
Cambria was playing at the library. She noticed some puppet toys in one box. She didn't understand how they worked so the librarian helped her. Soon she was performing full puppet shows. The puppets were her favorite toy every time she visited the library.
Oscar had an old piano in his house. It had been passed down for three generations. Oscar had always considered selling the piano out of necessity. But instead, he learned how to play it. And several years later, he taught piano lessons on the old piano.
Jim and Bill decided to play nintendo. They decided to play the new boxing game. Jim was beating Bill very easily. Bill then unplugged Jim's controller and knocked his character out. Jim yelled at Bill and told him he was a cheater.
Kelsi and her friends decided to have a barbecue. They started grilling burgers and hot dogs. All of the sudden, rain fell. Their barbecue was ruined. The girls had to move inside.
The woman was making Thanksgiving dinner. She carried the gravy over to the table. On her way, she tripped and fell. It spilled gravy everywhere. The woman cried when she looked at the mess she had to clean up.
The mother carefully selected Christmas gifts for her family. She wrote down each gift as she wrapped it. She was all ready by the beginning of December. On Christmas morning, they all ripped open their gifts. They got everything they wanted!
Jeffrey was a very happy boy, but he didn't have many friends. He wanted to have a friend so badly, but he didn't know to get one. One day Jeffrey was at the park and he spotted a boy that was his age. He went up to the boy and asked him if he wanted to play. Just as quick as that, Jeffrey had a new friend!
Emma's dad had drowned when she was four. Since then, Emma had been terrified of the water. She decided to start conquering her fear. She slowly stepped into the pool each day. Gradually she became less and less fearful of the water.
Jen loved carbs. She ate pasta every day. She wanted to lose weight. She decided she would give up pasta for a year. She only lasted two days before she binged on some macaroni.
Tim worked hard for five years until he perfected his invention. His colleagues were all extremely impressed. The invention was complex but worked very well. When Tim tried to patent his invention, he was denied. He discovered his colleague had stolen it and already patented it.
Eddie was eating with his friends. His friends made a joke. Eddie started to laugh. Milk began to squirt out of Eddie's nose. The boys all howled with laughter.
One day a boy rode a bike down the street. Something furry jumped out of the basket on his bike. It ran into the ditch across the road. My brother and I ran to look. It was a cute little ferret, looking sweetly up at us.
We arrived at the airport very early in the morning. We waited by the gate. From the escalators my dad appeared! We ran to give him a big hug. We walked together to the car to drive home.
Mom and Dad went out of the town for the weekend. The kids went to stay with their grandmother. Grandma took the kids to the Humane Society. They kids fell in love with a cat. Mom and Dad had a big surprise when they got home.
Terry had just bought a small pizza restaurant. He was putting in long hours trying to get everything established. Despite not having a lot of resources he pulled the business together. Terry opened on time and began taking orders. The business was a success.
Bob played a board game with his friends most Friday nights. This week they were playing Monopoly, which he was terrible at. Tonight his luck was good and he managed to buy the best properties. Finally only he and one other person was left in the game. His friend landed on Bob's most expensive property, ending the game.
Mickey had hated English class. His junior year he got a new teacher. She was younger and made the subject exciting for him. Mickey learned to enjoy the subject. By the end of the year English was his favorite subject.
Dave was driving down the wet and winding road. He was driving much too fast for the road conditions that night. Therefore, he ran off of the road trying to navigate the sharp curve. Luckily, the road was clear of other traffic, so nobody else was hurt. Dave felt very lucky, and vowed to drive more safely from then on.
A bank robber decided to target a bank on Monday. He entered the bank wearing a mask while holding a gun. The robber ordered the teller to hand him as much money as possible. On his way out, the robber slipped on a puddle and fell on his back. The robber was quickly apprehended.
Rick dreamed of being a professional tennis player. So he bought expensive tennis gear and clothes. And he went to his park to practice everyday. But after a few weeks, he became bored. And for years, his tennis equipment just sat in his garage.
Lucy was scared of spiders. She was so scared of them she screamed when she saw them. One day in her bedroom she seen a spider walking on her wall. She shrieked with terror and her dad ran into the room. He killed the spider and she was so thankful.
Randy was getting worried about his weight. His friend suggested cutting out cocacola. The prospect of this seemed dire, he loved coke! But begrudgingly he did and he began exercising. Four weeks later he had lost 18 pounds!
Opal picked up the gift. She read the gift tag. She took off the ribbon and bow. Opal removed the wrapping paper. She then took the gift out of the box.
John got a letter in the mail with no return address. John opened up the envelope. It was a handwritten note. John read it several times. It was from his foster dad, telling him who his real father was.
Larry's Pit Bull was his best friend. He would even ride the dog like a pony. One day Larry's dad punished him with a spanking. The dog bit Larry's dad, defending the boy. The dog had to be put down because of that.
My leg and foot began to tingle and feel numb one day. This went on for a couple weeks. Then my leg and foot began to feel pained all the time. I went to the doctor and learned I had sciatica. Now I have an appointment for physical therapy.
It was a raining night. It was too bad to go out. So Tina had to stay home. Tina had to cook. She wasn't happy about that.
Charles likes to watch tv. Last week he got a new tv for his bedroom. When the tv arrived, he realized it was damaged. He called the company to complain. The company sent him a new tv.
Betsy was hungry for a snack. She looked through the fridge and found some cheese sticks. She had been trying to eat healthy foods. After she ate it, she was still hungry. Betsy caved and ate a brownie.
At a midnight release a bunch of people lined up outside the store. They were all excited for the new game to come out. As soon as the store opened they all rushed in. The store was ready and was able to help each and every single person. Everyone left the store very happy.
Laura has felt lonely in her home. She decides to get a pet bird. She buys a beautiful red bird for her house. She loves the way her bird sings. Laura now doesn't feel lonely any more.
Jane and Tom both liked each other a lot. Tom asked Jane out on a date to the movies. They went and had dinner and went to a movie. Jane and Tom both had a great time. They both agreed to meet again.
Chris was a great handyman. He had a huge collection of tools. One day, he was looking for a hammer. He realized he had everything but that! Chris had to go to the hardware store and buy one.
Donald was a very successful businessman. He had a crazy idea about running for President of the United States. He acted on that crazy idea and ran for President. He had a good turnout and became the Republican Nominee. Donald went on to become The President of the United States of America.
Yolanda wanted to go to the horse races. She asked some friends if they wanted to go with her. Three of her friends said they would be able to go. The four friends rode together to the race track. They all enjoyed the races and had a great day together.
Tina enjoyed cheerleader camp. She hated that it always ended in May. She wished it could last all summer. Tina got an idea about starting a cheerleader camp. She eventually started her own cheerleader camp that last beyond May.
The Allens got a new dog. They finally decided on a lab. They named her Susie. Susie went everywhere with them. She was a perfect family dog.
Markus originally loved his job, but became bitter on Wall Street. While reviewing accounts, he noticed a way to 'make a little extra'. He began siphoning money into an offshore account. He thought he was being careful, and rejoiced in his new largesse. He received a rude awakening when cops showed up at his office door.
The teacher told Nina that it would be hard to pass the class. After hearing about this, Nia decided to search for a tutor. The tutor helped her review for the final. Nia ended up getting a C, which is higher than her other grades. However, her final grade wasn't a passing one.
Bret decided to bake his own bread. He mixed the dough carefully. But when he pulled the bread out of the oven, he frowned. The bread had not risen! Bret realized he had forgotten the yeast!
Clementine was working out every day. She wanted to lose weight and get healthy. She hired a trainer and put in an hour of work every day. She stayed focused on the goals she had set. At the end of the month, she'd lost ten pounds and could run a mile!
Rufus asked Kelli on a date. Kelli told Rufus to pick her up at six. Rufus arrived, but Kelli was late getting ready. They went eat, but Kelli complained about the food. Rufus dropped off Kelli and didn't ask her out again.
Katie refused to mind her mother and brush her teeth. Her mother warned that she would get cavities. She continued to ignore her mother. Finally, she complained to her mother that her teeth hurt. Katie had to go to the dentist and have many cavities filled.
Julius took his first steps yesterday. He was walking along the table all morning. He just let go and started walking. At first I did not even notice. He was so proud of himself.
When my daughter Maddy was little she loved going to the beach. Her favorite thing to do at the beach was play with hermit crabs. One day she found three hermit crabs. She made a track for them and encouraged a hermit crab race. The race did not go as well as she planned but she had fun anyway.
The young married couple bought five acres on the outskirts of town. The woman has always wanted chickens. The man built a chicken coop and fenced an area. Grandpa asked if they had any gravel. They did not know that chickens need to eat gravel.
I was in my friend's backyard by a pool. I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool. After jumping in, I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket. I climbed out of the water to check on my phone, but it was broken. I had to leave my friend's house to get a new phone.
My sister-in-law had jury duty in 2010. The trial was in Lowell, 29 miles away from Cambridge. She does not like driving, so I took her there. I stayed in the library while she went to court. She did not get picked and we went home at noon.
Martha was walking down the street by the curb. Martha heard the ice cream truck. She opened her purse to take out some money. Her credit card fell out of her purse and into the sewer. Martha has to get a new credit card now.
Fourth of July was one of Ben's favorite holidays. After a day of swimming, picnics and games there were fireworks. It was the perfect way to end the day. This year's display was the best yet. Ben was feeling quite satisfied when he got home late that night.
We use Peapod quite often. Recently peapod changed their website. I did some shopping, then signed off. Peapod said my cart was saved, but in fact it was not. I am mulling over using another service.
Amy went to the beach with her friends. She forgot to apply sunscreen. When she got home, her mom gasped. She was alarmed at Amy's dark sunburn! She quickly slathered Amy in aloe lotion.
Sean was trying to sleep. His neighbors were playing loud music. He tried to call the ask them to turn it down. Nobody answered. Sean was forced to ask them in person.
Beth sent a letter to Santa Claus. She received a letter back in the mail. Beth did not think that it sounded like the real Santa. She sent another letter calling that Santa a fake. She did not receive another letter back in the mail.
My cat Stevie does nothing all day. I try to take him on walks but he does not budge. He wants to stay indoors all day and sleep. The only time he moves is for supper or a snack. I've started leaving a trail of snacks going outside to lure him out.
Justin likes to sing. He makes a video and puts it online. His video becomes very popular. He gets noticed by a record company. They decide to give Justin a contract.
I went in early like any other day. My Boss came into my office. He said they would be letting our department go. Within the week we lost our job. They didn't even give us an explanation.
Jordan went to the beach with his family. The wind began to blow. A grain of sand blew into Jordan's eye. Jordan began to cry from the pain. Jordan's mom tried to help get the sand from his eye.
Mike accused Crystal of stealing his money. He said he'd left it on the dresser. She insisted she hadn't taken it. He found it later in his pocket. He apologized for accusing her unfairly.
Jose discovered a cocoon in his backyard a week ago. Every day he would check on it to see if it would hatch. Today finally seemed to be the day. He stared intently as the cocoon wriggled on the leaf. Slowly but surely, a butterfly emerged.
Sam was waiting at a red light in the middle of town. He was not paying attention to the signal that closely. After about 5 minutes he realized that it should have changed by now. To be safe he waited another 5 minutes. The light never changed and Sam had to drive through the red light.
In a small town in Idaho, Tom wanted to have fun during the winter. His parents suggested he go skiing. He grabbed his snow clothes and called up his friends to go up. He and his friends make it up to the mountain! They spend the entire day having fun skiing in the snow.
Kevin likes to go to his hunting cabin. His cabin is located high in the mountains. They have no electricity up there. He likes the solitude. Kevin really enjoys being alone.
Jonah was craving something sweet. He decided to make himself a cherry pie. He assembled it carefully and put it into the oven. But then he forgot about it! By the time he pulled it out, it was hopelessly burned!
Mark's first visit to a museum was eventful. He got separated from his group and got lost. As he tried to find his companions, he opened a door by mistake. Inside, he found treasures that were kept away from the public. He reached for a sword when a security guard brought him back out.
Tom had a small restaurant. He wanted to advertise it. A local news agency offered to do a story on it. Unfortunately the story was really negative. Tom's business suffered greatly.
My daughter has just started her teenage years. She has been so difficult to deal with it. She thinks she knows everything. I have no idea how to cope with this new behavior. I think i'll ask my mom.
Tim was sitting on his couch looking really sad. His father decided he knew what would cheer him up. Tim's dad loaded up their fishing poles and tackle boxes. He took Tim to their local pond. In a few short minutes Tim's attitude was transformed.
Last night I spent an hour putting on makeup. I made sure my eyelashes looked perfect. I put on the right amount of mascara. Then blended everything perfectly and matched it with my clothes. Then I got stood up.
Tom bought a new truck. He got it based on name recognition. It gave him trouble within weeks. It was also riddled with recalls. Tom was eventually allowed to return it.
Franco Francini was a wealthy business mogul. He owned half of a city's real estate. Unfortunately, Franko was greedy. Most of his buildings were in disrepair, or ugly. Eventually he had no more tenants, and went broke.
Joseph wrote a poem about the sky. He shared the poem with a woman he knew. The woman cried at it's beauty. She fell madly in love with his poetic voice. Joseph wrote her many more poems.
It was 90 degrees outside. The air was still and humid. In the house it was at least 5 degrees hotter. Gina's family had no air conditioning. They simply sat in the hot house roasting like pigs.
Frederic went on a climbing expedition one summer. He and his friends had to take a raft at one point. During their trip on the river, the raft capsized. Frederic lost all his climbing equipment in the water. After looking for hours, he had to concede defeat.
A boy's CD was skipping. It wasn't scratched, so he figured that it must be too dirty. He decided to clean it with the same stuff he used on CPUs. So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone. It melted a hole clean through the CD.
The man was sitting in his favorite chair. He propped his feet up on the ottoman. It was a great place to relax. He got comfortable and opened up a book. He liked having a relaxing night at home.
It was raining outside but Moby said we still had to work. Everyone was mad, but we had to go outside. Moby was in such a great mood it rubbed off on everyone else. We finished the patio, and mulch in one day! After work, Moby was surprised how influential positivity was.
Ralph was a very short man who was made fun of often by others. During school, he was frequently bullied about his height. His one escape from this was riding horses, which he was good at. For years, he devoted all of his energy to becoming a good rider. Because of his size, he was able to become a successful jockey.
Steve went to his kitchen to get a cold glass of water. He poured the water in a glass and looked for ice cubes. There weren't any ice cubes in his freezer so he began to make some. Steve had to drink his water warm. Four hours later his cubes were ready but he was not thirsty.
Susi was getting a new neighbor. She immediately introduced herself when she saw her. The neighbor was not nice. Susi then regretted introducing herself. She didn't want to see her again.
Michelle went on a hike. She broke her leg and needed help. She called out for help. A ranger heard her call and helped her to the hospital. Michelle gratefully thanked the ranger.
The child fell down. The parent didn't react much. The child fed off the parents lack of reaction. The child got up. The child carried on as if nothing happened.
Matthew was a troubled young 20's student. He never enjoyed school, and dreaded the thought of a desk job. After thinking long and hard, Matthew joined the Marines. Boot camp was tough, but in the end he pulled through. Matthew finally felt like he belonged somewhere.
Sherman prided himself on never having any cavities. He followed his dental hygiene regimen perfectly. He had a cleaning coming up. He began brushing thrice daily in preparation. The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing.
Dan loved when he could review products for free. In fact, Dan was a top reviewer on Amazon. Recently, Dan got the chance to review the new Iphone 6. In addition, he got the chance to review a case for the phone as well. Dan could not wait to write his review on the new Iphone 6.
Tim needed to do laundry. He didn't have any quarters to do so. He decided to go to the store. He bought something and asked for his change in quarters. He was able to do several loads.
Allie went to the ice cream shop. When she got there it was packed. She got a new flavor. It tasted bad. She didn't like it.
Our 2 year old granddaughter came from NYC last night. We live in Cambridge. We had a bed set up for her. She refused to sleep on the bed. She ended up sleeping with her mom and dad.
Jenny went ice skating with her friends. She was clumsy since she never went before. She ended up colliding into the fence. Her arm had a large bruise. When she went to the hospital, it received 5 stitches.
Tom went to an electronics store to buy earphones. He saw a pair on sale for $9. So he decided to buy them. But after using them, he couldn't put up with the low quality. Tom decided to always buy more expensive ear phones.
Bay was competing in a pie eating contest. She was doing well, but her opponent was catching up! Bay was getting full and tired! Then she found one last burst of strength and speed. Bay won first prize in the pie eating contest!
Sandra had a very big blue door. She had painted it herself. One day, she decided she liked green more. She rushed to the store and bought green paint. Now, Sandra has a big green door.
Kim had a science midterm to study for. She spent weeks reviewing notes and making flash cards. Kim stayed up late at night reading chapters from her text book. Kim did not sleep well the night before the test. Kim fell asleep during the last half of her midterm.
My son-in-law's aunt S moved in with his mother. S was having trouble paying her rent and was evicted. She is a NYC school cop. My daughter just found out S has a gun. She expressed concerns to her husband.
Kim was hungry. But she wanted to eat a small, healthy meal. So she made a tiny lettuce and tomato sandwich. The bland little sandwich left her very unsatisfied however. So Kim impulsively made a massive bean and cheese burrito for herself.
She knew her voice would quiver so she was trying not to speak. She felt such a fool, as her sadness dripped through downcast eyes. It was then she decided to end the silence and take initiative. I must go, I hope you understand this wasn't easy. He then exited the vehicle and walked aimlessly replaying that memory.
Amanda was failing in college and was about to get kicked out. She saw the counselor and was questioned about her poor grades. Amanda told the counselor that she worked as well for support. The counselor offered her to move in so she could save money. Amand's grades rose and she graduated.
Ripley loved dinosaurs. He constantly mentioned facts about them to everyone he encountered. We decided to surprise him with a trip to the science museum. They had a sand pit for children to pretend to be archeologists. He found more bones than anyone else.
My roommate used to take long showers. She would leave no hot water for me to use. I had to write her a note and leave it on the counter. The note asked her to take faster showers. Ever since that note she takes very fast showers.
Neil was journeying through the United Arab Emirates. He took a train to the capital city of Dubai. He was amazed at the wealth and beauty of the capital. Everyone was so rich and handsome. Neil thought Dubai was the richest city on earth!
Tom was cooking dinner. He noticed he was missing an ingredient. He figured he'd run to the grocery store to get it real quick. Unfortunately he got sidetracked at the store. Tom wound up burning his food.
Brian said he never been to Las Vegas. I told him to pack a bag. An hour later we were on the road on our way to Las Vegas. I realized I did not have much gas and we had no money. So we pulled over and began to hitch hike.
Susie saw auditions for a movie. She thought she would give it a go. So she went inside to get herself seen. When they posted the results she got the part. Susie was thrilled.
Austin has baseball practice, but his dad is sleeping because of work. He tells his mom that going to practice is important, he needs to go. His mom thinks of a way to get Austin to go to his practice. She finally decides to call his baseball coach to see if he will help. Austin's coach after he talks to his mom comes to take him.
Dale was taking a walk one night. He was enjoying himself when he began hearing a weird sound. Suddenly he realized the sound was a cougar. He didn't know where it was but it sounded close. Fearing for his life he ran home and got safely inside.
Jessica was camping with her family for a week in the summer. She knew there would be bugs because they were by a swamp. She was smart enough to bring extra bug spray so she would be safe. One night she was too lazy to go get it from the tent to put on. That night she got tons of bug bites, she learned her lesson.
Jane was looking for her glasses everywhere. She needed them to drive in the bright sun. After giving up she sat in her car seat. She hurt a crack and her bottom hurt. Jane sat on her now found glasses.
Jin was an interesting guy. One day a group of friends were hanging out talking. Jin came up to the group and introduced himself. He told stories the friends couldn't believe. After a while he just walked away and was never seen again.
Jane was washing her grandkids hands with the water hose. Afterwards she tried to turn the hose off. But water continued to drizzle from the spigot. Jane used both hands and turned with all her might. Jane was sure she had finally turned the water off.
One afternoon we were having dinner at the table. It begins to thunder and lightning. We continued eating and laughing. We weren't paying much attention to the weather. Suddenly a volt of lightning came through hitting my sister and me.
Matt got dressed for soccer. He took the bus to the field. He met up with his team and warmed up for the game. The game started and the coach put Matt in the game. Matt scored and was very happy.
Tom needed to write an essay for class. He waited until the last minute to start writing it. Tom was tired and didn't try too hard. He got a really bad grade on it. Tom was disappointed in himself.
I decided to adopt a cat. I went to the shelter to see the available cats. I met a siamese cat that I liked. I decided to adopt her. Alas, she died before I could take her home.
Billy had watched his mother make popcorn dozens of times. He felt like he could do it, no problem. However, he put too many kernels in the pot. It just kept popping and popping. The pot overflowed and there was popcorn everywhere.
Mark made a grilled cheese sandwich while Ben, his dog, watched. Knowing that Ben wanted a bite, Mark pretended to give it to Ben . Barely missing it each time, Ben, frustrated, jump at Mark's face. Because Ben startled him, Mark dropped the sandwich onto the floor. Ben happily ate the sandwich as Mark watched.
Yesterday I was late for work. I take the train every morning . This time the train was late. I ended up being a half hour late. Unfortunately I got written up.
Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.
Sam was trying a new diet. He stopped drinking soda and sugary drinks. Sam started to drink more water. Sam incorporated more fruits and veggies into his diet. He started feeling a lot better and lost weight.
Tony made his living from ticket touting. He wasn't proud of this, but it was good money. The other night, he got caught by the venue security. They banned him from the premises for life. He now doesn't make as good money as he used to.
Nina moved into a new apartment recently! She wanted all her friends to come over and see. Callie was her biggest friend, so she came over first. Callie really liked the apartment and said the bathroom was nice. Nina was very pleased that Callie liked the apartment!
Alan wanted a day off school. He wished for a hurricane or a snowstorm. But then one morning he woke very ill! He was vomiting and running a very high fever. Alan actually wished he could have been in school, instead of ill!
Eric always loved playing the piano. He was really talented and had a bright future in it. One day he got into a fight at a bar. The other guy stomped and broke his hands. It ruined his career.
One day, my baseball team had a game at a park. When it was my turn to bat, I walked up to the plate. Suddenly, three bees came out of nowhere and stung me. We found a giant beehive under the dugout. The game was postponed until exterminators killed the bees.
Abigail never felt comfortable wearing a lot of makeup. Her friends encourage her to try wearing more lipstick. Finally she tries on a new shade of lipstick. She loves how she looks. Now Abigail is becoming more comfortable wearing makeup.
My aunt was approaching the toll. Since she was on the phone, she payed no attention to it. She continued to drive without paying the toll debt. A week later, she received a bill in the mail. The bill was the amount of money she owed for the toll.
Tory remembered his childhood dream of finding treasure. He went out to buy a metal detector. Tory paced his local park with his metal detector. He jumped when it suddenly started beeping. Tory celebrated when he found an old coin.
Tom's insurance rates kept going up. He wasn't a bad driver so he didn't know why. Eventually he decided to change companies. He shopped around and realized they were all expensive now. Tom decided to just keep his current service.
Greg's birthday was coming up. So he was deciding on where to go. He spent the rest of his night looking up restaurants. But he never came to a conclusion. He reluctantly picked a random restaurant at the last second.
Ed is tired of the rain. He misses the beach. Ed books a flight to Hawaii. It rains the whole time. Ed wishes he would have stayed home.
Porter was spending the day at the beach. He decided to build a sand castle. He spent many hours building the sandcastle. After he finished, he left to get something from his car. When he came back, the sand castle had been destroyed.
Twins Carol and Connie were always dressed alike, and Connie hated it. They were going to a birthday party, so Connie hid a dress in her bag. When she went off to change, she got locked in a closet by accident! It took an hour to find her, and she was in tears. She was happy that she was found in a different dress, though!
Betsy was excited for her upcoming birthday. She was looking forward to a gift from her brother in Virginia. Finally the big day had arrived. She went down to the mailbox to look for a package. He had sent her a beautiful new sweatshirt.
Heather was excited for her first day at her new job. She received an email on where to go for orientation. She arrived thirty minutes early to be sure she found the right room. But the building was so big, it took her 40 minutes to find the room. She felt embarrassed walking in 10 minutes late on her first day.
Claire and her husband Tom valued their privacy. But then her sister Bailey's husband left her. Claire felt she needed to open her home to her sister. It wasn't the easiest thing adjusting to Bailey's habits. But Claire was determined to help her sister through this tough time.
Each Halloween Nancy dresses as a witch. This year, she wants to change and dress as a pirate. But as she as no such costume, she has to buy one. Her mother takes her to a costume shop. And Nancy find the perfect costume with a black eye patch.
Kelly realized something was wrong with her washing machine. She saw that the laundry hadn't finished draining. Kelly decided to check her owner's manual. She saw that it said that it might be an uneven load. Kelly was glad that she didn't have to call a repairman.
Joey Coyle was a South Philadelphia legend. In 1981, he found a bag containing over 1 million dollars. The bag had fallen from an armored car and Joey scooped it up. Eventually, all but 200 thousand was returned to the company. Joey spent the 200 thousand before hanging himself at the age of 40.
The church was hosting an event. They told all the church members it would be a potluck. Everyone planned what they would bring. The meeting room was full of great food. They all ate together and had a nice time.
I saw an ad on Facebook for a used table. I did not really need one. This was a great deal. I bought it for ten dollars. It was a steal.
The bartender threw out the man. The man was too drunk to drive. The man got in a wreck. He sued the bar for kicking him out. He won a lot of money.
Ally was nervous about her first dance class. Would she make friends? Would she like her teacher? That night, Ally learned about Ballet and Tap. She loved it so much she wants to come back every day!
Joe wanted to cook hot dogs but had no wieners or hot dog bread. So Joe went to the store. He bought a pack of wieners and hot dog bread. He went home and prepared his grill. Joe cooked hot dogs and eat them.
Tom wanted to learn how to program. Tom enlisted the help of his friend. His friend taught him. His friend guided him. Tom eventually learned programming.
Milly cooked a big dinner. Her guests began to arrive one by bone. One guest had not by the appointed start of dinner. Milly waited fifteen minutes and finally the guest showed up. The dinner party began and all had a good time.
Leaving the movies one afternoon, Cam and Anna saw a photo booth. Cam suggested they stop and take a set of photos. Anna protested, saying she looked bad, but Cam insisted. The two teens squeezed in and smiled for the photos. Afterwards, Anna took them home and secretly treasured them!
Kian wanted to be a male model. A talent agent came to his town and arranged a contest. Kian was nervous, but he entered the competition. He did his very best! Even though he didn't win, Kian was glad he had tried.
My father took us to Norumbega Park in Newton when we were kids. We took the trolley to the end, then took a bus. We rode a lot of rides and bought cotton candy. We took the bus back to the trolley, then went home. The park closed in 1963.
When I was little, there was a massive hurricane in Florida. The awful weather continued for almost two whole weeks. Kids were forced to not attend school, and instead stay home. However, staying at home meant we had no power. Those two weeks were very hard on the state of Florida.
Jake was cleaning his cat's litter box. He accidentally got feces all over his shirt. Jake tried to clean his shirt with some water. The stain would not come out. Jake threw away his shirt afterwards.
Isabelle liked to take risks. Whenever she was in her car, she'd text people loving the thrill. She was texting when she didn't see a car passing by. She rammed into it and sent the car spinning. Today, she still texts her friends while driving, but looks around.
Kim was watching Nickelodeon after school cartoons. The first commercial was for new doll called Cabbage Patch Kids. By the end of the commercial she wanted one of the dolls. She ran and asked her mother for a Cabbage Patch Doll. Her mother just laughed at her and the ugly dolls.
John felt a rumble in his belly. He bought a sandwich. He ate the sandwich. He felt his belly with his hand. His belly felt full.
Timmy wanted to learn how to play video games. His older brother had been playing for Years. So Timmy bugged him until he finally started to teach him. Now Timmy is great at video games. Unfortunately his older brother doesn't appreciate losing.
As a kid, I had a terrible nightmare about my parents. I dreamed they were in the kitchen, standing with their backs to me. They slowly turned around, having no eyes, only empty sockets! I woke up in a sweat and stumbled downstairs. I entered the kitchen to find both my parents, with their backs to me!
Everyone at Tina's school had the flu. Tina thought she was immune. So Tina did not be cognizant. Tina ended up getting it. She had to be out of school for a week.
Dana's grandfather was bringing her to school. He had an old loud truck. Dana was embarrassed of the truck. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.
Jen had not been running for a while. She finally decided to sign up for a one mile race. She started to run more every day. She got her stamina and pace back up. On the day of the race she was ready and won.
The woman was having surgery. She met the surgeon before she went into the operating room. He was friendly and compassionate. The woman instantly felt at ease. She knew she was in good hands.
In 2001 I wanted a pair of Osiris's. I begged everyone in my family to buy me a pair. These $100 pair of shoes were the coolest shoes ever. I finally got a pair after begging for days. They ripped within one week of wearing them.
Sam loved playing video games. Sam decided to become a video game developer. Sam studied very hard in school and went to college. After graduating college Sam was offered several jobs in gaming. Sam selected his dream job and designed his own video game.
The TV finally had broke. The couple went to the store for a new one. They looked at the different brands. They finally decided on one. They got a forty two inch tv.
Tiffany was hoping to get flowers for Valentine's Day. Her boyfriend didn't know that's what she wanted. Instead, he got her some chocolate and a card. Tiffany thanked him for the gifts, but was secretly sad. Her boyfriend never found out her true feelings.
Sara loved playing tennis. However, she needed help with her serve. She decided to start taking lessons. Her serve got better. Sara began winning her matches.
Mary had to much stuff in her house. So she threw some of the stuff away. Sold other stuff to people. She got herself a storage to put the rest. Mary was glad to have more space in her house.
Tina decided to have Rita over her hamptons house. Rita did not have much and Tina wanted to take care of her. Rita thought it was nice. When they got to the house it was beautiful. Rita felt so thankful.
Matt adored Sara. He resolved to ask her to prom. He caught her after class. Then he popped the big question. To his surprise, Sara smiled and agreed!
I accidentally burned my friend's birthday cake. The party was today, and I didn't have time to cook another. Panicking, I ran to the store and bought a cake. When I got to the party, I told her I had made it. Everyone was impressed, and they never found out I bought it.
Grace found life hard and lonely wife lonely even with a husband. She talked to her husband about how she felt. They both thought it was best to seek counseling. Grace never became any happier until she divorced her husband. Grace has no regrets other than being with her husband.
Jessica had always wanted a puppy. Her parents had never let her have one. She would often visit pet stores to play with the many puppies. One day, she fell in love with one of them. She decided to take one home.
Ug is a dog who belongs to Bob. Ug likes to sunbathe every day. Ug moves around the room following the sun each morning. He likes to lay on the front porch in the sun in the afternoon. Bob knows his dog is silly and it makes him love him even more!
My dog Duke had an affliction where he kept scratching over and over. The vet told us that it was mange and to treat it with used motor oil. We splattered him with used motor oil, and he sat outside for a week. This was an indoor dog so it was truly sad for him, howling at night. Turns out it wasn't mange but an allergy to grass, common in mutts.
Kia had a runny nose and headache for weeks. She finally went to her doctor. He told her she had allergies. He gave her an antihistamine to take. Soon Kia was feeling much better!
Gina lay in bed hoping to fall asleep late at night. Gina didn't have insomnia. But she imagined this was what it felt like. She was sure sleep would never find her as she closed her eyes. The next time she opened them the sun was shining.
Brian liked to read mystery novels. His birthday was coming up. Brian's girlfriend paid for a mystery murder trip in another town. Brian had never gone to one of the events. He loved his gift.
Ethan liked collecting rocks. Over time he had collected eighty five different types of rocks. Ethan is collecting rocks because he wants to be a Geologist. He hopes to establish a museum for his rock collection. Ethan becomes a Geologist with his own rock museum.
Tim wanted to build a plane. He found some scrap metal. After a week he felt like crying. He couldn't put it together. He decided to buy a plane ticket instead.
I decided to drive to the mall. I was looking for a particular store that had discounts today. When I came into a front of the outlet, there was a sign. It said that the store was closed for a week. As sad as I was, I went home after seeing the sign.
Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group. I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group. We waited for several of our other group members to come. After everyone came, I presented first. I spoke about domestic violence.
Tom had possession of the ball. The shot clock was running out, but he decided to move slowly. After his teammate created a screen, he made a three-pointer. The ball bounced from the rim, but landed in the hoop. All of his teammates cheered for him.
The family traveled to Ireland. They saw an amazing, historic castle. They roamed the halls and looked at every nook and cranny. What a beautiful piece of history! They felt very fortunate that they'd been able to take this trip.
Derek made a New Year's resolution to become a better batter. He purchased a subscription to a batting practice range. He went to it every day. A year went by, and Derek kept at it. Today Derek's able to hit the ball every time he swings.
Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog, Brody. He seemed really nervous all day. When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet. I don't think I will have a problem again.
Charlie went into the woods to find some insects. He brought his net to catch them with. After an hour he still hadn't found any interesting bugs. Then he found a praying mantis up in a tree! Charlie decided to leave the mantis in the wild.
Eva planted some corn. She tended it in her garden all summer. It grew tall and strong! Then it came time to harvest the corn. Eva really enjoyed eating her home grown corn!
Tim met Lisa at church. He began attending the same service she did on Sundays. After a few weeks he became brave enough to talk to her. The next month, he asked her on a date. After six months, he proposed.
The kids went to the park. There was a lot to do at the park. They played on the equipment. They slid on the slides. They were tired at the end of the day.
Wendy went to a garage sale over the weekend. She discovered something that she thought was very valuable. She bought the item for ten dollars. Wendy took the item to a pawnshop to be appraised. The item was worth 100 dollars and Wendy was very excited.
Ross bought a new house. He bought some paint for the living room. He was walking through the house in the dark when he kicked something. It was the paint can. Paint spilled all over the carpet.
An old man had been struck by a car one day. He was severely injured. He was told it would take him awhile to walk again. For months the old man practiced walking with support. One day he was able to walk with only a can and his legs recovered.
Tom and Jenny were good friends. They wanted to do a fun activity together. Tom suggested they visit a theme park. They went to the theme park. They had a great time and bonded well.
Joyce looked at the time. It was 3 AM. Her friends were still busy dancing. Joyce got an Uber and took herself home. She vowed never to go clubbing with her friends again.
I had a paper cut on my hand. I was hungry, so I went to get some pickles. The acid from the pickles burned my paper cut. It hurt so bad. Now I know to be more careful when I have a paper cut.
Amar saw a ripe apple on a high branch. He decided to climb the tree to get to it. But halfway up, the branch broke and he fell! Amar struck the ground hard. He ruefully resolved to be more careful in the future!
Jim decided he wanted to see a movie instead of going to work. He called in sick. He ran into his boss at the movies. Jim's face turned red. His boss thankfully didn't recognize him because he was preoccupied.
Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!
I used to like to go to the movie theater a lot. I went yesterday and I found out that I can't stand it anymore. The prices are too high and the theater is too crowded. All I kept hearing the whole time was people chewing popcorn. I think I'll just be watching movies at home going forward.
My wife and I arrived at our rented cabin. We began to clean the dusty living room. Suddenly a mouse ran across the room! I screamed and ran outside. My wife finished cleaning the living room by herself.
Tom was at the bar with friends. He was starving all night. Once they got out they noticed a hot dog cart on the street. Tom forced everyone to stop while he got one. He felt it was the best tasting hot dog ever.
Benji was in chemistry class one day. The class was doing a science experiment. Benji tried to do it correctly, but he messed up. His chemicals reacted badly and created billowing white smoke! Nothing caught on fire, luckily.
Kyle was three and going for his first haircut. He was afraid and nervous. But the hairdresser was very kind to him! The haircut was fast and did not hurt at all! And afterwards, Kyle got a lollipop!
Tom was hungry, but didn't feel like going out. He looked in his freezer and saw some hamburger meat. He got out the meat and started cooking it. After it was done, he got out some bread and condiments. With his fresh burgers, he ate dinner and watched a movie.
Mikayla did not know how to ride a bike. Her dad took her to the park to teach her. She put on her helmet and pedaled while her Dad held onto the back. He let go when she got comfortable. She pedaled around the track by herself.
Rhonda was already late when heading to the airport for a flight. On the way, an accident caused heavy traffic. The traffic let up but then she came across a parade event. Rhonda thought the world was against her but was determined. She made it to the gate right as they were about to close the door.
A few years ago, I went camping with a group of my friends. We planned in a advance so we would have everything we needed. When we all arrived, we discovered we had forgotten the tent poles. I got depressed that the trip was ruined, but Hannah had an idea. She suggested tying the tent up to trees, and it worked!
Greg got pushed by Harry. Greg punched harry. They got into a big fight in school. Greg won the fight. They both got suspended.
I'd been doing some extra work, building a wish fulfillment fund. As the holidays approached, we got hit with unexpected bills. I had surgery, our dog became ill, and the furnace needed repairs. I knew my fund wouldn't be going for the whimsical wishes I'd planned. Instead, it put a Thanksgiving feast on the table, and I was grateful.
Kellen needed to find a better job. He talked to his friend who offered him a job as a carpenter. Kellen took the job and found it very rewarding. Kellen eventually became a construction manager. He is forever grateful to his friend for getting him the job.
The politicians were in their final days of campaigning. Soon, it would be time for the people to vote! The Democrat led in the polls. One election night, it was a landslide. The Republican had only gotten 5% of the vote.
Sean needed a chair for his desk at home. He went to the store to pick out the chair. He paid for the chair and set a delivery time. The chair was delivered the next day. Sean is very happy with his new computer chair.
Ronda went shopping at the mall. It was hot so she left her car window down some. When she went to leave, it was raining. Ronda ran to her car. The interior of her car was soaking wet.
Dodd decided to walk on a trail from Mexico to Canada. He bought a backpack and supplies. He started walking North through the desert. Dodd became very tired and decided to quit. Dodd rode home on the bus and cried.
It was a really warm spring afternoon. Jane was relaxing at the park. She fell asleep on the bench she was sitting on. She awoke to a bird on her head. The bird scratched her cheek before flying away.
An old, frumpy woman appeared on the stage, to disinterest and jeers. The judges snickered openly at the stocky spinster. She opened her mouth, unleashing a voice of heavenly splendor. The very souls of the judges and crowd were touched. The woman finished her song and smiled in triumph.
Fred looked outside. It looked like he got new neighbors. He was excited. He went to introduce himself. He made some friends.
Andrew didn't know anything about country music. His friend taught him how to line dance. He would do the same dance every time they went out. Andrew's friends all made fun of him. They told him to learn another dance!
I was at Disneyland. And the character Pluto was near me. He decided to grab my shoe. And he pulled it off with lots of force. Afterwards, I was too angry to enjoy Disneyland.
Kalyn signed up to help with her club's cookie sale. She worked all night to bake enough cookies. When she arrived, she set her cookies on the table and waited. They sold out within an hour! Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club.
Tom had a long work week ahead of him. He was sad. He did not want to work. He decided to buy an mp3 player. Now he had music to make him feel better throughout the week.
Spunks is an older 3-legged cat at a shelter. Spunks always gets passed up for adoption. Rita is a little girl with only one leg. She smiled when she saw spunks. Spunks is now Rita's best friend.
One day Sally went to the beach with her mother. Sally went straight to the largest pile of sand. Sally did not see the large wave coming towards her. Sally was hit by the wave and pushed into the pile of sand. From then on, Sally always watched the waves carefully.
My nurse gave me morphine to help numb the pain from my surgery. Since the drug was strong, I instantly fell asleep. For the past few hours, I only can recall several dreams. When I woke up, it was the middle of the night. I had to get up in order to use the bathroom.
Francis decides to walk to a stream near his home. He picks up a small stone nearby the stream. Francis skips the stone across the stream to see it bounce. It reminds him of how much he loves being outdoors. Francis returns home feeling peaceful.
Cassie was having a hard time falling asleep. She was nervous about starting a new job in the morning. Cassie tried listening to soft music but that didn't help her sleep. Then she started counting backward from 100 in her head. The next thing Cassie knew, her alarm clock was going off!
Ness was on a trip to see her namesake lake in Scotland. She had her camera ready to take pictures. She hoped to snap a photo of the famous monster! But after a whole day of watching, she saw no monster. Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural!
Elliot was sick and tired of being sick and tired. He decided he wanted to become fit. He researched various fitness programs online. He found running to be the most interesting. He went running and enjoyed it.
Greta had noticed her son was having trouble focusing in school. Greta took her son to the doctor. The doctor diagnosed the boy with ADHD. The doctor prescribed medicine for him. Greta's son now focuses much better in class.
Rachel had just moved into a new house. She had her own washer and dryer for the first time. She had built up a lot of laundry at her old place. As soon as she was moved in, she started washing the clothes. It took hours but she was finally able to clean all of her stuff.
Margot was a baby. She wanted to walk. So one day she pushed up her bottom. She stretched her legs. Then Margot took her first steps.
My wife got my son-in-law in the Christmas grab. He is hard to buy for. He doesn't like sports. I found out he loves steak. She got him a package of Omaha steaks.
Raven was performing songs on youtube. She has been doing it for 3 years. Suddenly, she received an email from someone. The person was part of a record company. She was very excited and scheduled an appointment to meet.
Dirk traveled to Japan in early 2013. When there, he visited all sorts of places. He got lost one day, and was unable to find his way back to his hotel. He looked to the skyline and followed familiar buildings. Eventually he found his hotel, after hours of walking.
Steph decided to go bungee jumping for her 40th birthday. She was very nervous but excited. She got several friends to go with her. They all jumped at the same time. Steph was so scared she wet her pants!
Jason is taking classes to learn to groom dogs. He has always been good with animals. He has no interest in attending a college. He wants to join the workforce as soon as he can. When he was through training he opened his own shop.
Trent was always curious about religion. His family never went to church when he was growing up. One day a friend invited him to church. Trent decided to go with his friend. Trent decided to continue going every week.
Gina was sitting on the porch alone at her grandma's house. Her mother's car pulled up. All her siblings hopped out of the car. Gina normally despised her siblings. But now that they were here, she would no longer be bored.
Harold was moving some boxes to his new house. His books were all loaded into the moving truck. Harold couldn't wait to put them on his new bookshelf. His books were very special to him. When he got there, they were the first thing he unpacked.
I was using the web browser from my computer. It was very slow. I asked my friend if there was a better one. She told me about the newest browser. I downloaded the newest web browser.
Jim's wife really wanted strawberries. Jim was very forgetful. He didn't forget this time, though. Unfortunately the store had run out. Jim's wife thought he was just making an excuse.
Alexis was changing her baby's diaper. The baby had a bad rash, and was unhappy. The baby was crying so much and Alexis felt awful. She put some cream on the rash and finished the diaper change. Finally, the baby felt better.
Clara had resolved to give up regular soda for Lent. She'd never had diet, and she was apprehensive. But her first sip brought a revelation. She liked dirt cola just as much as regular! Clara kept drinking her diet sodas long after Lent ended!
The weather man predicted 3 days of hot weather. Kate figured she could make it through them. On the night of the 3rd days she was relieved it was almost over. Until she woke up to the 4th day of 95 degree weather. Kate was becoming irritated.
Benny scanned several items on the counter. He told the customer that he owed seven dollars. However, the customer only had six dollars. Benny recommended removing one item. However, the customer became furious and ran out of the store.
Jim was planning to cut a limb from a tree in his yard. A power line passed through the tree. Jim's wife argued that it was dangerous. Jim called the electric company. The electric company cut down the limb.
My fiancee and I are preparing dessert for our Thanksgiving dinner. We went out shopping tonight to pick up what we needed. We started at a grocery store to get ingredients to bake pies. After that, we stopped at a home goods store to get pie pans. Now we have everything we need to make really great homemade pies!
Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear. She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies. Carol strutted to the sabre saw and twirled it in her hands. She made a great show of how she wasn't wearing her safety goggles. Now she doesn't need to.
Nelly desperately wanted her own pet kitten. Her parents insisted that she try something small first. She got a fish and worked her hardest to take good care of it. Luckily, she did a great job and her parents noticed quickly. On her upcoming birthday, Nelly received a pet kitten.
Mary always wanted to see a Broadway show. She asked her friend Beth if she wanted to go to New York with her. Beth agreed and they set out on their way. When they arrived in New York, Beth surprised her with tickets. That night she watched every second of the show in complete awe.
The cat jumped off the sofa. The cat broke it's leg. The owner rushed the cat to the hospital. The doctor gave the cat a leg cast. The cat was able to walk.
Tom was driving down a curvy road. It had been snowing for hours. He lost control of his car. It slid into a snowbank. Tom was unconscious for hours before he was rescued.
Tili wanted to escape from prison. He bided his time and came up with a plan. One dark night, he set the plan into action. Sadly, it didn't work. Tili's escape attempt was stopped and punished.
Ron needed to learn how to throw a curveball. He ended up consulting his high school's coach for advice. The coach told him that even he did not know how to throw one. Ron ended up nearly giving up before finally figuring it out. Now Ron is considered the best pitcher on the high school team.
My brother Billy always played tricks on me. He told me that Tom Hanks' character in Captain Phillips was blind. Later, some friends asked me if I wanted to go see Captain Phillips. I told them I thought it was absurd that the captain should be blind. I was humiliated to learn at the movie that Billy had lied - again!
Carrie met Michael on Christian Mingle. They spoke online for a few months before exchanging phone numbers. Several months after exchanging phone numbers they planned a trip. They chose Singapore as a neutral meeting place. They fell in love in Singapore.
Donald was a voracious movie lover. He saw three or four movies a week. Lately rude audiences had really started to bother him. He saved up his money and renovated his basement. Several months later, he had built an impressive home theater.
Tyler wrote a new program. He tested the program on his computer. The program did not work the way he wanted. He posted his coding in a forum. Someone helped him find the error in the coding.
This morning I took a seat in my favorite chair. To my surprise, the chair broke. When it broke I fell straight to the floor. I ended up spraining my ankle. However it felt better with ice on it.
Alicia applied for a job at a summer camp. The only job that was available was as a cook. She had never cooked or shopped for herself or her family. Alicia contemplated taking a job that she had no experience in. She turned down the job.
Will took his wife to a Mexican restaurant. Will perused the menu, unable to decide. Will narrowed it down to either the burritos or chimichanga. Will chose the burritos. As Will ate the burritos, he congratulated himself for choosing well.
Kate was doing office work on her computer. But she noticed a pop up that she couldn't close. She spent hours trying to look for a solution. But her son simply installed a program that removed the virus. Kate felt stupid but enlightened at the same time.
Louis loves chocolate mint ice cream. One day he decided to learn how to make his own. He thought YouTube would help so he searched for videos. He found the video he needed rather quickly. Later that evening Louis was eating his homemade batch of ice cream.
Khloe was writing a memoir about her life. She worked hard on it everyday. When she was finished she sent it to her editor. Her editor loved the book. Together, they sent the manuscript to the publisher.
Gina's mother found a tape of cursing rap music. She took the tape away from the kids. They all followed her downstairs expecting to be in trouble. She didn't say a word to them just kept walking. They were more confused than ever when she went outside.
I've had a crush on a guy in my math class for two years now. Today, he finally asked me to go to the movies with him. I was very excited, but forgot to ask him what time. The next day, I asked him when he planned on picking me up. He told me nevermind, he already found another girl to take.
Beth saw a lizard run into her home. She couldn't get comfortable knowing it was in the house. Beth dreaded going to sleep with the lizard in the house. She sat up watching TV and looking for the lizard. Finally she could stand no more and went to sleep.
Elaine was an up and coming medium who claimed to talk to ghosts. She would charge $60 an hour to talk to any dead relative. One day she put on a big show for a new client. The client was at first shocked that she knew so much. She then revealed she was an insider and told everyone she was a hoax.
I went to the movie alone in hope to see the new blockbuster. I paid for my ticket and opened the door to the theater. A wave of cold air enveloped me right away. I looked in my bag to take out my sweater, but it wasn't there. I watched the movie shivering the whole way and got a cold.
Carter loved all kinds of shoes. He bought many pairs of shoes. He spent his entire paycheck on shoes. Now Carter has no money for rent. Now Carter lives in the streets.
Ned was drinking one night. He decided to drive home from the bar. He thought he was sober enough to make it home. But Ned had overestimated himself. He crashed into a tree two blocks away from the bar.
All his life Pete was made fun for being too damn small. He loved playing basketball and practiced every day. His friends were embarrassed to play since they thought he was small. One day he told them to go watch him try out for the team. He was the first pick due to his agility and speed, they were shocked.
Sara always studied hard. She was a good student and took notes. One day she forgot about a test. When she got to class, she panicked. She ended up failing her test and could not retake it.
Justin was ready to propose to his girlfriend. He bought the ring, called her dad and set the stage. He took her for a romantic walk near a pier. When she least expected it he leaned down and began asking. She immediately said yes and the two celebrated gleefully.
My sister was going to the Grand Canyon. She wanted to be in shape when she got there. She came to visit us and we hiked up Stone Mountain. She was exhausted when she got to the top. She decided she had better do some more hiking before her trip!
Bree was doing dishes in her kitchen. Suddenly her mom stormed in yelling about a bad report card. The two fought and some harsh words were shared. Bree was so disappointed in her mom that she left the house. Luckily her mom tracked her down and apologized.
Tom was out for a jog. It started to rain a bit. It was mostly light and fresh. Tom decided to keep jogging. He enjoyed the cool misty spray.
Sam stood by his broken down mail truck and worried. A man came over to check on the situation. Sam handed the man a sack of mail and asked him to help. The man saluted Sam and agreed. They abandoned the truck and finished the route.
Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation. She spun her globe to pick where to go. Her finger landed on where she already lived! Her vacation turned into a staycation. She discovered places in her town she had never seen before.
John went camping at the park down the road. He said the campsites were very nice. They were clean and offered a lot of room. He spent the whole weekend there. He wants to go back again.
I consider myself a tech junkie. My parents once asked me to fix their computer. I fixed their issue in a matter of minutes. I also improved and cleaned up the running of their computer. They must like what I did because they only call me for tech support.
I bought my little cousin a dress. She is a very girly girl, so she wanted something pretty. I bought her a light blue dress with ruffles. It came with blue ruffled panties as well. She adored the dress and wore it all the time.
Amy had a little goldfish. She put it in a big tank. Then she added a filter and a few more fish friends. She cleaned the tank every week. Amy's fish were happy and lived a long time!
Tom trained his dog to get his slippers for him. He would do it every single time. After a while he stopped doing it. Tom noticed his slippers smelled really bad. He got a new pair and his dog fetched them again.
Kate wanted to act in her school play. She practiced for a part for months. When it came to audition she knew all the lines. Her delivery wasn't great, though. Kate got the understudy and vowed to try harder.
Samantha was really motivated to do well on her economics test. She needed to get a B on her final to pass. The first thing she did was get a tutor to help her study. Samantha studied in the library for hours. Samantha was able to pull off an A on her final.
A few years ago, my dog accidentally pushed me down the stairs. I slipped and with my big toe bent under my foot. The pain was intense, I couldn't get my breath for 10 minutes. The dog was very upset, crying and licking me. I had broken my big toe, and was on bed rest for 2 weeks.
Tim was out with friends. They decided to stay out late. Everyone wanted to have a bonfire. Tim got some wood gathered up. They got a good blaze going.
Roger liked to play ping-pong. He bought his own ping-pong table so he could practice. Roger was so good at ping-pong that he rarely lost a game. His friends got tired of getting beat by Roger at ping-pong. Roger decided to let his friends win some of the games.
My friends and I were exploring my neighborhood. We found an abandoned house. It was very unkempt. We cleaned up the outside as best as we could. The local newspaper wrote a story about our good deed!
Laura needed to get to work quickly. Her car had broken down so she called a cab. Unfortunately the wait for the next cab was too long. Instead, Laura hopped on her bike. She was almost late but she still made it on time.
Cycling was an everyday task for Jim. He was an athletic man who could run fast as well. Jim wanted to join a triathlon. The problem was that Jim couldn't swim. Jim began taking swim lessons so he could compete one day.
Beth was walking through her city. She saw a homeless person. She felt sorry for this person. She gave the person some money. She felt good about donating her money to help them.
Nate was the best man at a wedding. He tried to find a tux to wear. But they were all so expensive, he couldn't afford them! Then he decided to just wear his old suit. Nate looked great in his suit!
Anna wanted to make cookies. She was a terrible baker, though. Then she had an idea. She bought a roll of slice-and-bake cookies. Anna had no trouble baking her cookies!
The coach allowed two people to form a team, Stanley and Diana. Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her. However, Stanley picked someone who was stubborn. She told the coach that she didn't want to join his team. She also said that Stanley was ugly.
My man and I traveled to the Dominican Republic. We decided to ask a sales associate at a local store for directions. He showed us, then chased us down for money. He followed us for several miles, and we were scared. We finally lost him and went to the hotel.
Teresa loved to drink Bloody Mary cocktails. She heard about a steakhouse who served award-winning drinks. Teresa went there with her friends. They each ordered a Bloody Mary. Teresa loved how it was served with an entire cheeseburger on top!
John woke up with a tickle in his throat. John worried he was coming down with a cold. He downed two glasses of orange juice and took a vitamin. Later that day, John went to the doctor. There, John learned that he did in fact have a nasty cold.
Susie's husband Charles was a smoker. She tried everything to get him to quit smoking. But he simply would not. So she put him under hypnosis. When he awoke he never smoke again.
Chris found some old magazines in the attic while cleaning. He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth. When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter. The owner said that the magazines were worth a lot. Chris made a lot of money that day.
Sam was trying to pet the bear. All of the sudden, the bear got excited. It ran towards Sam and attacked her. The zookeepers managed to calm the bear down. Sam had to go to the clinic to clean her wounds.
Tim was on his bluetooth home speakers. He decided to watch racy content online. He put on speakers. He forgot about the bluetooth speakers. Eventually his neighbors walked downstairs to complain.
Sam stayed up all night working on his presentation. He finally finished at dawn. He laid down for ten minutes before he had to get ready for work. Unfortunately, Sam overslept. Missing his presentation at work, he was fired.
Tom wanted to be a director. He got mild success with his first attempt. His second film was all his vision. He poured everything into it. It was received poorly and outwardly mocked.
Dan was feeling lonely. He called up a friend. He offered to just hang out and drive around. The friend agreed to it. They cruised for a while and cleared their heads.
When Joe and his brothers were kids they would play hockey. They stopped when they became teenagers. But Joe called his brother one day and told them they should play. They agreed to play on Saturday. Joe was glad to play with his brothers again.
Travis didn't care about anything. His wife April said she cheated on him and was going to divorce him. Travis shrugged and said ok. Travis had to move into a homeless shelter. Travis sleeps all day in the shelter but doesn't mind.
Scott rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Another glorious morning could be seen through the open window. Time to get up and let the dog out. Tom's foot felt a squishy sensation when it met the floor. It was already too late to let the dog out to poop.
Charles read a lot of information online about hypnotism. He convinced himself that it was possible. He trained to be a hypnotist. He tried to hypnotize his brother. He only succeeded in convincing his brother it didn't work.
Eunice usually goes home early after school. But one afternoon it was already late and Eunice was not yet at home. Her parents was nervous thinking eunice might be in trouble. They tried to call her and luckily Eunice answered. Eunice took hours waiting for a bus  because of heavy rain.
Brad woke up late this morning. He quickly got dressed and rushed to work. When he got there his coworker Bob started to laugh at him. Brad soon realized what he was laughing at. He had worn 2 different pairs of shoes to work this morning.
The boat was moored at the dock. It was all loaded up and ready to set sail. The students boarded the boat ready to take off. The instructor took the boat out into the open ocean. The students had a great time learning how to sail that day.
David was in his room getting rid of clutter. He found a ruby from his grandmother. He examined it closely. Then David realized it was plastic. He thought of his grandmother as being very cheap.
I was at a football game last night. During half time I decided to go to the bathroom. A lot of other people there decided to do the same thing. The line was really long. Eventually I just decided to hold it in until the game starts again.
Michael liked to lift weights. He went to the gym every single day. He decided that he was in great shape. Michael entered a Fit Man Competition and trained for many weeks. He lost in the finals but decided that he would do it again.
The hedge started to grow. Spring came around. The hedge started to bud flowers. The flowers grew. The roses were very beautiful.
Chris was put into the end of the basketball game out of necessity. Everyone else was out! Chris never played and was bad at it - he didn't know what to do! But through some stroke of luck, he made the winning basket. Chris's shot won the game and made him hero of the night!
Mary wants to be a singer. She is taking singing classes. Her teacher told him she doesn't sing very well. Mary got very angry with her teacher. Mary found a new teacher.
Johnny heard about a beach in Florida that had huge waves. But he didn't know the big waves were in the middle of the ocean. He flew to Florida. Next, he asked a cab driver to take him to the beach with big waves. At the beach a kid told him he needed a boat to get to the big waves.
When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time. A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned. A life guard saved him before it was too late. Billy took swimming lessons the next summer and learned to swim. When he was older he became a lifeguard.
Anne lost her purse one afternoon. She had gone to lunch and thought it might be left at the restaurant. She went back to see if it had been found. The manager handed Anne her purse back. Anne was so thankful to the kind stranger!
A young boy named Bill was having trouble writing his name. He could not complete his assignment for school because of this. He went to his parents and asked them for help. His dad was able to teach him how to write his name. The boy was excited and completed his homework in time.
I had been wanting a new dog. My current dog was getting old and needed a companion. I had no idea what I wanted. I decided to go to the animal shelter and look around. While there I fell in love with a puppy and took her home.
Susie sells the 31 products for extra money. They are totes that are sold to mother's typically. They like them to help bring all their stuff with them. It makes for easier travel and they are stylish. So far she has done a great job selling them.
Doug's favorite blanket was missing. It was nap time but there's no way he could sleep without it. He raced around the house trying to find it. Finally he asked his mom if she had seen it. She told him not to worry, it was just about to come out of the dryer.
Doug was assigned to stack boxes at work. He made sure to bend his knees as he lifted. He bent to pick up a box and his jeans ripped. Embarrassed, he told his boss the problem. Doug returned to work after going home and changing.
Anna's cat caught a bird in the yard. It damaged the bird's wing. Anna took the bird to a vet. The vet splinted the wing and gave Anna care instructions. Anna cared for the bird until it could fly off!
Bob woke up after sleeping in He felt very refreshed and ready to enjoy his day off He ate breakfast and brewed a cup of coffee He relaxed and watched the news for awhile before cleaning He later went shopping and got some groceries
Jim is retiring from his job. His wife wants to take him out for dinner. When they show up at the restaurant all his friends are there. They have a big party for Jim's retirement. Jim is very surprised and grateful.
Horace notices that the lightbulb in his bathroom is dead. He decides he needs to replace it. After replacing the bulb, the light works perfectly. Now Horace can see in his bathroom. Horace is glad the lightbulb in his bathroom is no longer dead.
Tom was taking a shower. He didn't realize he grabbed a dirty towel. When he went to dry himself it smelled really bad. Tom couldn't keep using it. He decided to air dry instead.
I have an 8 am class. Last night, I stayed up until 5 am. I overslept and missed class. I e-mailed my professor to ask for extra-credit. She gave me an assignment to make up for missing class.
Peter never liked ice cream. It always tasted cold and milky to him. It didn't help either that he disliked milk. Whenever his friends went for a cold treat he would select a popsicle. Peter grew to never eat anything made with milk products.
There was a tree blocking the sun from my house. I decided to cut it down with my chainsaw. The tree fell the wrong direction and hit my house. Now I have to fix my roof. The good news is there is plenty of sun while I work on my roof.
Sophia was running late as she ran down the hall. The meeting was starting and her boss was relying on her presentation. Dashing in, she began as the others sat and observed her project. Satisfied with it, her boss had her begin right away on the paperwork. The end of the day finally arrived and Sophia left the office joyful.
Gwenn wanted to go to the prom but didn't have a dress. Gwenn's mom was poor and couldn't afford to buy her one. After learning she didn't have a dress, Gwenn's teacher wanted to help. Gwenn's teacher secretly made her a very beautiful prom dress. The students couldn't believe their teacher made such a dress.
Tom kept hearing random noises at night. They seem to come from the attic. One day he decided to investigate. He found a sleeping bag and some food. Someone had been living up there a while.
Harry was a keen fashion designer. He studied fashion his whole life. Recently, he got asked to design dresses for A list celebrities. His first client was currently in the top 10 charts. He wasn't allowed to tell us who it was but he wanted to tell us.
Tom started hearing a chirping sound. He checked all the fire alarms he saw but none were the culprit. Eventually he tried following the sound closer. He noticed there was another alarm in the basement. Tom replaced the batteries and the chirping stopped.
From that point on, things were strained between us. My mother was angry and spiteful. My father became distant and blamed me for everything. My relationship with my parents began to sever. We never rebuilt a repertoire of any sort.
Yin wanted to learn how to eat with chopsticks. Her mother said that she would help her learn. She gave Yin a very special pair of chopsticks. They made learning much easier. Soon Yi was the best out of all her friends at using chopsticks.
Bob decided to lose weight. He hold on to be on a diet the whole day. In the evening he wanted to watch some TV. He got very hungry. He ate some unhealthy snacks.
Lyn found a crying child in the park. The little girl was hurt and yet was unable to speak. Lyn searched the girl and found an ID card. The little girl was autistic but her address was on the card. Lyn reunited the child with her mother.
I took my 3 year old to the movie theater. He loves watching movies. I thought he would sit and watch the movie, but I was wrong! The entire time he kept fidgeting and talking. I will not take him to the movies again until he's a bit older.
Valerie took apart her chicken wing. She tried to take a bite out of the thigh. After it was swallowed, it got stuck in her through. She was trying to cough it out. In addition, her friend helped her take out.
A man went to the bank to take some money out. He went to the ATM to get $900 to pay for rent. The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short. The man took out all he had anyway. He paid his landlord and promised the 23 cents as soon as he got it.
Bob wanted a snack. He went into his kitchen and looked in the fridge. There was nothing good. Next he looked in the freezer. He found a frozen pizza.
My friend brought over a six pack of craft beer. One of the beers was coffee flavored. At first I did not want to try this coffee beer. My friend convinced me to try it. Now it is one of my favorite beer flavors.
Tom loved his dog. Tom was preparing for a road trip. Tom decided to bring his dog. His dog loved riding in the truck. Tom and his dog had fun on the road trip.
Dan had visited the pet store at the mall twice in the past week. There was the cutest kitten there. He finally worked up the courage to ask his mom if he could have it. His mom agreed, and Dan was ecstatic! The next day they went together and bought the kitten.
Everyone said that Jackie was half fish. She spent more time in the water than on the ground. Jackie wanted a pool, but her parents couldn't afford it. So she joined the swim team and became eventually an olympic swimmer. Now in her house, she has her own indoor heated pool.
The President ordered an atom bomb dropped on Japan. The explosion was devastating. The Japanese Emperor refused to surrender. A second bomb was dropped. Japan decided they'd had enough and surrendered.
The family went to the fare. They saw a goat. The girl wanted to pet it. The dad asked for permission. Permission was denied to pet the goat.
After three hours Ed finally finished his take home exam for calculus. He left it on the table along with a granola bar to take the next day As he was about to leave, he went to grab his paper and breakfast. They weren't there. He found his paper and the granola wrapper chewed up by his dog's bed.
Suzie had never played tag before. Her friends got together on the playground and made her it. She tried to chase after them but couldn't keep up. Seeing that she was sad, they allowed her to catch them. They spent the rest of the time taking turns being it.
Judy wanted to earn some extra money. She decided to sell some things on eBay. She went through her jewelry and book collections to find items. She posted several items on the online auction site. Judy was very happy when she made 100 dollars quickly.
My wife and I were at home, resting. My cellphone rang, and it was my wife's niece. I expected some silly gossip, She told me her brother had a heart attack at 41. We were shocked and rushed to the hospital.
Tina had never tried wine before. She went into her mom's liquor cabinet and took a bottle. Then she sampled a few drinks. But she inadvertently got drunk! Tina's mom caught her and grounded her for a month!
I wanted to get a new car. I went to the car dealer. The cars were too expensive. The dealer decided to give me a discount on a yellow car. I took up the offer and finally had a new car!
The election for class president was on Tuesday and Max wanted to win. Max made signs and posters and talked to all of his classmates. Finally, on Tuesday the votes were cast and counted. Sadly, Shelly didn't vote because she couldn't make up her mind. Max lost by one vote and now knows that every vote really does count.
Our kitten got out of the house and ran towards the road. She splashed in a mud puddle playfully. My brother and me chased after her. We caught her before she could get hurt. We realized we were now covered in mud too.
I am very particular about my sandwiches. First I toast the bread, which has to be wheat. Then I only put peanut butter on one of the slices. The other slice gets covered in honey. I always enjoy this sandwich with a glass of milk.
Joe was walking home from work. A group of boys approached him and began mocking and insulting him. Joe became furious because he knew their behavior was unacceptable. He seriously injured two of the boys and knocked out another. Joe felt good about his actions as he continued to walk home.
Silas had a questionable past. He spent some time in jail. To earn money, he tried applying for jobs. The employers would not hire him. Silas was sad to be unemployable.
Tom was drinking alone at home. He kept drinking beer and watching television. He didn't realize how much he had. After a while Tom could barely keep his eyes open. He passed out and fell asleep.
Jon got new plant seeds for his garden. So Jon went to his garden. He began to plant the seeds in his soil. Jon watered them for months. They grew into nice plants.
We visited our friends in Buffalo in the summer of 1999. We went to a park. After a few hours it started hailing. The car was dented by golf sized balls of hail. We had never seen such a powerful hailstorm.
Sue told John about her favorite book. She told him how she loved to read all about mythical creatures. He looked very skeptical. Sue asked him why he looked so doubtful! He told her she had just described his least favorite book.
Nikki had a very old, used car. Her drive to work every morning was long and challenging. One morning her tire exploded on the freeway and she was stuck. Luckily a passer by stopped and let her borrow his spare wheel. She thanked him a lot and drove to get her car fixed.
I like going to a football game. I don't really care about the game itself at all. I just like the cheese nachos they all sell. The cheese is warm and there isn't too much of it. Just the right amount of cheese to nacho ratio.
Ty had waited tables all day and he was exhausted. Then his coworker had an emergency and asked him to stay late! Ty was a good friend, and needed cash badly, so he agreed. His last customer of the day ended up leaving him a $45 tip. Ty was so glad he had decided to stay late that day!
I a few months ago I bought a new treadmill for myself. I feel guilty, but I haven't used it in several weeks. I decided to go for a run last night to feel better. I worked up a nice sweat and felt great. Until my upstairs neighbor told me my running broke her ceiling fan.
Brick was a rough boy. He was always seen as a tough and rude boy. One day he found a helpless little puppy. For some reason, the puppy brought out his sensitive side. Brick is now a kind young man!
On May 18th, my wife and I had dinner with 3 of my former coworkers. I am retired but still stay in touch. We met at Salvatore's, an Italian restaurant in downtown Boston. We had no reservations and had to sit at the bar. We had a great time catching up, and vowed to meet soon.
Susie ran for class president. Today was the polls. When the polls were counted, Susie won. She couldn't believe it. She immediately ran home to tell her family.
When walking home from a convenient store I noticed two dogs. At first they didn't do much. Then, out of nowhere they started attacking each other. I tried breaking the fight at first, but I couldn't by myself. Me and the neighbors eventually pulled the dogs away from each other.
Ramona was in her house with her friends having a party. The girls were having fun when Ramona felt something. She felt the house start to shake. The girls immediately took cover. The quake went away after a few seconds.
Tom ran all his life competitively and loved every minute of it. He trained every day of his life and every time had free time. By the time he was 21 he was headed for the olympics. He was the youngest athlete of his town to ever compete. He won 3 gold medals and came back a famous man, making his town proud.
Liz loved a band that was coming to town. Her parents weren't sure about letting her go. Liz did extra chores and did well in school. Eventually her parents let her go. Liz had a great time that she will always cherish.
Frank was a pitcher for a MLB team. But last season Frank got hurt and had to receive Tommy John surgery. Frank was scared he would not pitch again. But after a year and a half Frank came back to pitch again. Frank was once again a pitcher for a MLB team.
Robin went to the dentist for a checkup. The dentist took x-rays of Robin's teeth. She found out she had a cavity. The dentist said he could take care of the cavity right away. Robin was glad the dentist could fix it during that same appointment.
Once there was a woman walking. She was walking on the side of the street. A car swerved off the road and hit her. The car kept on going. She died instantly.
Gary owned a large vineyard, which grew grapes for wine. One season, Gary was unable to grow enough grapes for the demand. Gary had to get a small loan to make up for the losses. The next season, Gary grew twice the grapes he needed to. Gary sold these, and was able to pay off the debt.
Charlie made a mistake. His wife caught it. She made him fix it. Charlie didn't fix it properly. His wife lectured him thoroughly.
I made a drawing for an art contest. I really thought it turned out terrible. I was afraid to submit it. My friends encouraged me to submit it to the contest. It actually won first place.
I used to play chess with my neighbor on Friday nights. One night his two year old wanted to play. We played in a room with a closed door. She put her fingers under the door and cried. We did not play chess that night.
Emily put a for sale sign on her old car. Within hours she got several phone calls about it. After a couple test drives nobody was offering her enough money. She was ready to give up when someone offered her the right amount. Now she has enough money to buy a new car.
Tommy brought his dog for a walk in the park. The dog got loose from its leash. Tommy chased the dog through the park. A nice man caught Tommy's dog. The man brought the dog back to Tommy.
A young female caught my attention. She needed audience members for her speech assignment. I volunteered to help her out by listening to her. The speech went extremely well and I also made a few friends. I exchanged numbers with the girl afterwards.
Mila hated seeing mirror. She was convinced someone else was trapped in it. She would do everything possible to never see one. She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors. She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy.
The man breathed in. He exhaled slowly. His wife commented on his breath. The man incorporated her advice. The man breathed better.
The teacher took the class to get a drink of water. We just finished recess so everyone was thirsty. We stopped at a water fountain. The first person went to get a drink. After a sip, the teacher immediately stopped him.
Stacey got her first credit card. It was just for emergencies and she would not carry a balance. Soon, the so-called emergencies mounted up. Stacey needed another credit card just to deal with all her expenses. Stacey now has $15,000 of credit card debt.
Paul shook a bottle of coke and set it down. He offered Pete a frosty beverage. Peter picked up the coke and opened it. Coke shot out of the bottle and covered Peter. Paul laughed at his friend's foolishness.
Jay was hiking in the woods. He was unfamiliar with the trail he was on. Jay had lost the map he had packed. He finally called a friend for help. The friend directed him through the trail.
Linda was going on a trip to England from The United States. This was her first time being out of the country. She had to go to the post office and order her passport. Linda waited for eight weeks but still hadn't received her passport. The day before her flight, her passport finally arrived!
Adam was doing poorly in his college English class. He had been having his roommate Brad write his papers. But then Brad got sick and had to leave school for over a month! Adam was forced to study and write on his own. But luckily, he learned quickly and improved his knowledge!
Tatiana was in a rush. She jumped in the shower. Quickly, she washed her hair. She got out of the shower. Then she realized she left conditioner in her hair.
I signed up for freshman Spanish. I found it very difficult to learn the different nouns. I had trouble learning how to put together sentences. I studied as hard as I possibly could. I ended up passing freshman Spanish.
Rick was very adventurous. So on his birthday, he wanted to go skydiving. He saved up lots of money for it. But his parents told him it was too dangerous. So instead, Rick spent his money on a sports car.
Damian's new dog kept messing on the carpet. He was worried that the landlord would get angry about the damage. Damian bought a dog crate to help potty train the dog. He locked her in it when he wasn't around to prevent accidents. After a month, Damian was able to effectively potty train his dog.
Kim and her dad Dan were going fishing. Dan loved to fish, but Kim did not. Dan sat with his back turned to Kim fishing quietly for an hour. He told his daughter he was glad she was enjoying herself. He turned to see her in headphones and playing on her phone.
The girl made her favorite kind of dessert. It was pudding that was made on the stove. She ate the entire box of it by herself. She licked the spoon and the bowl. She was full!
Rafael kicked the soccer ball into his neighbor's courtyard. He tried to climb the gate to get it back. When he landed in the yard, a dog barked. A big Doberman showed up and started chasing Rafael. Rafael hit it over the nose and the dog ran away whimpering.
Ethan was walking at the mall. Suddenly, he spotted something black. He retrieved it and saw that it was a wallet. At first, he thought about keeping it. Finally, he decided that he should turn it in.
Senator Johnson was elected into office. He promised his constituents he would vote for higher pay. When the time came to vote, Senator Johnson wasn't in session. His constituents felt let down by his absence. Senator Johnson probably won't be re-elected.
Kay wanted to knit a sweater. She had no clue how to knit so she looked it up on Youtube. The video she watched made it look easy to do. Kay began to knit but it wasn't going very well. Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead.
Fran was frantic looking everywhere. She dug in the pig pen, but found nothing. She went in the house, and hung her head in deep thought. Finally, Fran ran from the house and torched the hay stack. When the fire burned out, there it was, her needle!
I got a new iPad. It was nice. What I liked it very much. I saved the box. The box was very amazing.
Nell looked forward to game night when she visited family. She excitedly picked out a game from the cabinet. Midway through the game, Nell noticed her niece cheating. She scolded the niece, expecting the family to follow suit. Instead, Nell's mom turned and gave her a disapproving look.
Some friends decided to have a picnic. They would each bring something. Sadly, they did not discuss who would bring what. When the day came around, they all brought potato salad. The picnic was not a success.
Kia was asked out by the boy she liked. He offered a casual date plan, just a movie and a pizza. Kia was a little disappointed. But she ended up surprised on date night. She actually had a wonderful time with the laid-back boy.
Dennis went to the grocery store. He bought everything on his list, including some milk. When he got home, he unloaded the groceries and put them away. A few days later the car smelled very bad. Dennis had left the milk in the car and it had soured!
My hair was getting very long, As a result I decided to get a haircut. I went to my local hairdresser to get it done. When the woman cut it it was terrible. I decided to not go back to her again.
Megan has a crush on someone at school. Her friends always ask her who it is. Megan never tells her friends. She is too embarrassed to admit it. She eventually tells one her friends her crush is her Teacher!
Tom had a test the next day. He looked for his book so that he could study for the test. He was unable to find the book. He did badly on the test. After the test, he found his book under his bed.
Joe went to the beach. Joe brought a towel with him. Joe put the towel on the sand and sunned himself all day. Joe's back was solid red, because he forgot the sunscreen. Joe had to sleep on his chest for a month.
This past weekend, we had to leave my dog with a pet sitter. I packed his things in a bag and we drove to her house. I was worried about being away but he was excited to go on a car ride. When we arrived, the pet sitter was very reassuring. My dog did a great job, but I'm glad he's back home with me, now.
My kids and I went on a hike up a tall mountain. One daughter got sick halfway up. I decided to bring my daughter back down the mountain. We slowly made our way down to the car. We waited in the car for awhile until the rest of the kids returned.
Anthony was known in the community for using crack. But people didn't know he couldn't pay his water bill. One evening Anthony twisted his water-hose on his neighbor's faucet. He came back to turn the faucet off. But his neighbor came from the side and struck Anthony with a stick.
Ted had just gotten off work and was headed straight home. It had been a long day and he was somewhat drowsy. He felt something run across his foot as he was driving. When he realized it was a mouse, his foot hit the gas peddle. Ted accidentally rear ended a SUV in front of him.
Andy looked around the neighborhood. His dog had run away. He told his neighbors he was looking for a big, white dog. He went home and worried until he heard a knock on his door. His dog had been brought home!
A coach wanted to start a soccer club. He went to the city. He paid a fee. He started a youth soccer team. They played their first game.
Lucy decided to go for a walk hoping to cure her boredom. At the end of the block her grandmother's voice called her back. She turned to see her grandma standing on the sidewalk. Lucy turned around and went to her. Grandma wouldn't let her go on a walk for fear she would get lost.
I am really into bodybuilding and all around fitness. I have been struggling with my bench press lately though. I can't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds. A buddy of mine said to take a week off and then try again. I did that and it worked well!
John always had a poor sense of direction. That's why he was nervous to be assigned as the map reader. He did the best he could to direct the group. John got somewhat lost a few times but got back on track. In the end, the group successfully navigated the maze.
Brandon was going on his first date. Things started out very well. The couple was eating dinner together when Brandon burped. He was so worried that she would be grossed out. Luckily, she laughed and the two continued to eat.
Mark loved dogs. The pet store near him was having an adoption event. Mark found a puppy there that he really liked. Mark adopted the puppy. He named the puppy Spot.
Kenny was the life of the party at most times. He always spent his time making others happy. He decides to try to get a girlfriend. He meets a nice girl late one night at a bar. The two go out for dinner and Kenny Hopes for the best.
Bryan was very excited that he just turned 21. He made plans with friends and family to go out on his birthday. Everyone at his party kept offering to buy him drinks. Bryan ended up having over 15 drinks. He couldn't remember his 21st birthday the following day.
Greg took me to see a new scary movie. He was very jumpy. During a jump scare, he jumped up out of his seat. He yelled which made everyone laugh. In the process he hit me in the leg really hard.
Dan needed to get rid of things. He decided to have a garage sale. He was able to sell lots of things. He made a bit of money. Dan decided to have another yard sale next week.
Vanessa kept asking her mother to buy her a kitten. The mom hated cats so she barely listened. But one night, she saw a stray cat in need of food and shelter. Touched, she took him home to her daughter. The cat was not a kitten, but it found a loving home.
Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather. He decided to look through it one day. Inside he found a comic book hidden away in a folder. He looked up the value online and his jaw dropped. His comic book was worth thousands of dollars because it was vintage!
Randy was very shy and never talked much at school. Frank noticed Randy sitting at a table in the lunchroom alone. Frank went over and sat with Randy for lunch. frank told Randy he was shy as well and wanted a friend. Frank and Randy became good friends through their shyness.
I was bored on the internet. I went to a website and read articles. The articles were interesting, but made me sleepy. I started to fall asleep in my chair. I woke up and went to my bed.
Emma was mad at Tom! Tom took her favorite hat! Tom did not know what she was talking about. Emma found her hat in the laundry! After that she never fought with Tom again!
Jena was getting ready for school. It was cold outside. Jena couldn't find her gloves. It was getting close to time to leave. Jena borrowed her sister's gloves.
Allie wanted her mom to move closer to her. But her mom was thousands of miles away. Finally her mom decided to move. But got sick on the way. So the trip was stalled.
My neighbor used to decorate his house for Christmas. He used to cover the front of his house with lights. One year, he put up more lights than ever. The whole neighborhood came to his house to see his decorations. He stopped decorating his house, after that.
Trigger's owner couldn't get settled. Trigger got left with a friend for two months. Trigger missed his owner a lot. His owner moved into a house. Trigger is now a happy cat.
I picked up my phone and pressed a button. The light came on and I saw I had a notification. My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls. I decided to call him right away. He picked up and told me that he was looking for me all day.
Ted had always been very good with computers. In class one day, Mrs Franklin's  computer stopped working. Ted raised his hand and offered to help. She accepted his help. Ted fixed the computer and was praised by Mrs Franklin.
Caleb was a small boy who was very curious. He had found a small cave when he was walking in the park. Caleb decided to explore the cave. He fell in a crack and twisted his ankle. Caleb had to go to the hospital for a cast on his broken ankle.
Jim was driving down the road. His car was getting hot. He pulled over to see what was wrong. He looked under the hood and the engine was blown. He called for help and waited.
Cornelia has always loved the way her hair looks when it is long. However, one day she decides she needs a haircut. She goes to the hair dresser and has her hair cut very short. Cornelia decides that short hair looks very good on her. She is very proud that she took the risk to cut her hair short.
Lola's dad was having an Easter egg hunt, and Lola was excited. The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy! All the children hunted diligently, trying to win. Lola looked hardest of all, and she found the most eggs. Her dad beamed as he handed her the big basket of treats!
Noah was really happy. He had just received a birthday present from his parents in the mail. His parents had sent him a brand new phone. Noah was really excited to replace his old one. Noah was so appreciative of his new phone.
A corporate chain restaurant bought out a local restaurant. The townspeople were upset. Most said they'd never eat there. They did, though, and the chain location did very well. For all their talk, you can see the townspeople there every night.
Last month my son visited his friend in Austin, TX. They had dinner and walked downtown. The next day they visited the LBJ Museum. They were going to see the Alamo but decided not to. My son said he had a fun time.
My friend's son is autistic. His family has tried several therapies without success. Their latest therapy was a special diet, which did not work. My friend posted a link to Autism research on FB. I put a like on it.
Death used to scare me. A friend said I should read about death. I read about Death in the bible. Psalm 23 in the bible deals with death. I am no longer afraid of death.
Joe was walking to school. But he saw a lost cat. He decided to take it to school and tied it up to a pole. But after school, the cat was gone. He saw someone carrying the cat.
Nate had a date over. They decided to watch a movie on Netflix. They scrolled for an hour trying to find something. Nothing appealing popped up. Nate just picked a movie at random that they both wound up hating.
Cathy recently came into some financial trouble. Cathy realized she had to take on a second job. Cathy saw an ad for a waitress at a local restaurant. After filling out the application, Cathy was interviewed immediately. Cathy was excited to hear that she had gotten the job.
Hazel's eyes were green, but she really wanted blue eyes. She stopped by the designer eye wear store after work. How much are blue contact lenses, she asked the attendant? The attendant told Hazel that the colored contacts costs $50 more. Hazel paid the extra amount and left the store with blue eyes.
Jerome is a fisherman. Everyday he fishes at the local pond for 2 to 3 hours. Usually he catches an average number of average sized fishes. Today he caught the biggest fish of his career. He sold the fish to a local butcher for a hefty sum.
Harriett had always loved her mother's apple pie. She tried to make it one day and it was horrible. Harriett tried everything but couldn't get the taste quite right. She eventually tried adding mayonnaise to the recipe. She had inadvertently created a new delicious recipe!
I really wanted a new iPad. The store had them on sale. We drove all the way there to get it. When we got there they said it was the last one. Thankfully I grabbed it just in time.
Jenny needed some free time to write her book. Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish. Jenny decided to take a trip to her cabin to write. She turned off her phone and cleared her entire schedule. Now, she can finally have some free time to write her book
Ella's hair was stick-straight. She wanted waves for her school photo. So before bed, she braided her hair. In the morning she undid the braids. As she'd hoped, she now had soft, flowing waves!
Fran was gearing up for the surprise. She had made her dad a birthday cake. It was her father's birthday and he would be home soon. She pulled the cake out of the oven and decorated it. Her father walked in and was so happy and surprised.
Mandy sent her husband to the store for cheese. She told him to only get cheese. When he came home, he had three bags of groceries. Mandy shook her head in disbelief. She made a mental note not to send him to the store anymore.
Anna was out playing in the snow. She was cold and wet. She decided to take a break and rest inside. She made a cup of hot cocoa. She felt warm and refreshed!
Erin was on the internet and saw how many people liked blogs. Erin decided that writing a blog would be fun, so he bought a domain. After buying his domain, he purchased a host tried to start a blog. Erin realized that he didn't know how to make a website. Erin had to go to the store and buy books on web design.
Cathy had a crush on Bill. She found out that Bill liked blonde hair. Cathy decided to dye her hair to entice Bill. Cathy dyed her hair herself, but it came out orange. Bill thought Cathy's hair looked hideous.
Rita was very afraid of heights. Her new friend invited her to go rock climbing. Trying to impress her new friend, Rita decided to go. Rita harnessed up and started ascending the mountain. She realized that heights weren't so bad after all.
Eva tried out for the lacrosse team. She played okay, but not great. She feared she hadn't been good enough. But then the team captain called her over. He told Eva that she had made the team!
Trish was running for class president. And she gave students candy to gain voters. But her rival was giving out candy too. Trish decided to spend money on better candy. But in the end, she still lost.
Adam is walking in the city. he sees an old lady trying to cross the street. He tries to take her across the street. She wasn't having it. She yelled at him.
Tim took Laura out to the park. She had no clue what was happening. To her surprise, he got down on one knee. Tim proposed to her. Laura was shocked.
Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker. Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie. Bill met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching. Bill was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie. Bill was mortified of horror movies, as he always has nightmares.
Jake needed to sell his old car. He cleaned it up from top to bottom. He made sure everything mechanical was working. He fixed most minor details. Jake was able to sell the car pretty quickly.
Tom's phone started having problems. He noticed it was draining his battery more. It would also freeze more often. Tom looked up the problem and found it was an app. He deleted the app and fixed the phone.
David took his children to the state park to look at the wildlife. They drove around until they saw a group of brown bears mingling. David parked the car and they began to observe the bears. One small cub walked up to the car and opened the door. Surprised, Andy quickly closed the door.
The teacher gave us instructions for the lab. We started immediately after he finished. While doing the project, I was extremely confident. However, I started to slow down since the experiment became difficult. I didn't finish the experiment after the class was over.
Fluffy the cat loved to chase squirrels. One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree. Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches. Fluffy can't climb very well and she got stuck! I had to take out a ladder to help Fluffy down.
My husband and I like to compete. Since we have the same job we are very competitive. He almost always wins when we try to make money. Today he is $10 ahead of me. It is frustrating because I'm working hard.
Hank was being left home alone for the first time. He had been eagerly awaiting this day. But now he started to notice all kinds of unidentified noises. Every creak and every crack made him more uneasy! He was greatly relieved when his mother finally returned home.
A man lit a candle in a dark house on a summer night. The candle burned as the man read a book. He closed the book and left the house. The candle burned to the end of the wick. The light dimmed slowly and then the candle burned out.
Sally decided to make spaghetti. She started the sauce. She made homemade meatballs. However she forgot the noodles. Sally had to send her husband to the grocery store.
When I was little I used to put milk and cookies out for Santa. I was such a believer in Santa as a kid. The next morning,the milk and cookies would be gone. Little did I know it was my dad eating them. Those memories I am fond of.
Susie went to the doctors to get what she thought was a checkup. It turned out she needed a series of shots. Susie said absolutely not. But her doctor forced her to for the best. Susie then started to cry but went through with it.
Edgar was typing the last half his novel. He had been working on it on and off for a few years. Writing a novel was bigger challenge than he had thought. Edgar was happy with how it was wrapping up. He continued to type away.
Megan decided to make dinner. She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday. She invited Blake. He brought beer. They ate and watched tv.
Billy was happy. He had finally worked up the nerve to ask Susan out. Now it was the big night. He picked her up and they went to the dance. It was a magical night for Billy and Susan.
Kurt contacted me after several years of not seeing each other. He said I was the girl who got away. We talked on the phone and became good friends again. He went to a meeting one night. He had a seizure and died in front of a crowd of people.
Lindy hopped in the taxi to get to an appointment. She thought she recognized the driver but she wasn't sure. Then he asked her if her name was Lindy. When she heard his voice she recognized him. It was a boy she graduated high school with ten Years earlier.
Shana used to live in a run-down trailer in the middle of nowhere. She decided she would travel the country in her van instead. After a few months she wound up in California and decided to stay. She got a job with a marijuana grower in Humboldt County. Eventually, she married the grower and lives a life of leisure now.
Tim was at home. He was hearing a loud tapping sound. He didn't know what it was. He looked everywhere in his house. It turns out his hungry dog was tapping the food dish.
Evan was being rushed to the hospital. He had had a seizure. His mother was terrified. The doctors said he would be ok. She was relieved but still on edge.
Tim felt nervous all week. The championship soccer match was this coming week. His team was in the finals and they are geared up to win. The match came and Tim played amazing. His team won and they are the new champions.
Warren and Charles were in their 40's but were friends since kids. One day Charles saw a comment on facebook written by Warren. Warren wrote Charles' home, back then, was a place of foolishness. Charles was offended but Warren said he shouldn't be. Charles ended their friendship and Warren didn't care.
Rachel was always frustrated with her boss at work. She would always make difficult requests, and she was never happy. She finally decided to look for a new job. She finally found something that she was interested in. It was a pay cut, but she was happy to have a new boss.
Kate couldn't find what she wanted in the canned food cupboard. Everything was jumbled and no labels were facing forward. She decided to rearrange the items in the cupboard. She created groups by vegetables, and soups by type. It took her 2 hours but she felt it was worth the effort.
James was in his garage playing the guitar. He was trying to write the next big hit song. He tried out some lyrics and it sounded good to him. He recorded his song on a tape recorder. James mailed his song to a record producer and waited.
Nate lived in a nice home in Florida. A sinkhole developed close to his house. Nate's house dropped into the sink hole when it got bigger. Nate was very distraught over losing his home. He decided to move someplace where they don't have sink holes.
My son does his homework every night. He always puts his completed homework in his folder. Yesterday, it was not in his folder when he arrived in class. We looked everywhere and finally found it in his sister's folder. He colored the front of his folder to prevent future mix ups.
Jennifer was always terrified of roller coasters. For most of her life, she refused to ride them. After much peer pressure from her younger sister, Jennifer rode one. Although she was mildly scared, she loved the experience. Jennifer now loves the thrill that roller coasters have to offer.
Amy wasn't the best dancer in her class. Amy practiced all summer to improve. Amy pushed herself further and further each day. One day, Amy broke her leg when she was practicing. Amy was never able to dance again.
Tuppence was late to take her train. She run very fast on the platform and jumped on board. While so doing, she pushed a man who fell over. She apologized and extended her hand. The man smiled and took it.
Oliver had woken up late. He wasn't able to make it to the bus stop on time. Oliver's parents brought him to school. He got to school late. Oliver received a tardy notice.
Jane was running on top of the building. She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side. However, she slipped and fell. Her friend John had to go to her and seek help. Later that day, she was taken to the ambulance.
Bill was working at home on his computer. All of a sudden his Internet connection went out. He tried to restart his modem to no avail. A few minutes later Bill's neighbor knocked on the door. He said he accidentally cut the Internet cable with his mower.
Will had a hot date one night. Just as he was stepping into the shower, his power went out. Will was irked by being unable to get ready for the date. Will called the girl and cancelled the date. Will went out with some buddies, knowing his stink didn't bother them!
I worked at home for a cell phone company. All day people called and complained about their bill. It was hard to make people happy and my pay was based on surveys. That company quit it's work at home program and laid me off. I found a better job where my customers and I are both happy.
Lucy is a math major in college. Her specialty is statistics and she loves it. For some reason, math always came easy for her. She hopes to one day be a statistics college professor herself. In the meantime she will continue to study hard at her math equations.
A watchman was doing his rounds one night. As he turned his key in a watch clock, he heard a suspicious noise. Investigating, he found that the noise came from a closed room. He took a breath and threw open the door, shining his flashlight in. A panicked trio of raccoons flew past his ankles, making for freedom.
I use my phone every day, even for an alarm clock. Last week I went to the mall to go Christmas shopping. When I went outside I tripped in front of the mall fountain. My phone went flying through the air and landed right in the fountain. I will be going to buy a new phone tomorrow.
Susie was stuck in traffic for a long time. She was on the highway and getting kind of irritated. Finally she saw there was a car accident. That explained why the traffic was so heavy. Once Susie bypassed it, she was in her way.
When fixing a house I found the end of a wire in the walls. I followed it room by room until it ended. The end of the wire was connected to the fuse box. The label on the fuse switch was for electrical things. Since it was worthless, I yanked out the wire and fuse label.
My dad was trying to carry me over a fence when I was little. He tripped halfway over. I was catapulted. I saw my dad fly over me. We laid in the grass and laughed together for ten minutes.
Heather was walking in the parking lot of a store and found a wallet. She looked inside and realized there was a few hundred dollars there. Heather saw the license of the person that it belonged too. She drove to the owner's house to hand the wallet over. The owner was very pleased and gave Heather a twenty dollar tip.
Antonio started making his own brand of comedy. It was so bad, that everyone suggested he started pirating videos. Some people commented it gave them cancer. Antonio got tons of views on his videos though. He made lots of money and didn't care about the haters.
It was a nice and sunny day so Rick went to the park. He was walking around when he saw a dog running around. The dog had a leash but no one holding it. Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner. In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well.
Carl was playing poker with friends. He had never played before. He did terrible and lost every hand. He was out of the game very quickly. Carl figured the game wasn't for him and didn't play again.
Noah wanted to play golf against Nick. Nick said he would play. Noah played horribly and Nick played great. Nick won by fifteen strokes. Noah realized he needs to practice a lot more to beat Nick.
Zoey was visiting her aunt and uncle with her family. Her toddler was playing with the family cat. She had never been around pets, and was enjoying the cat a lot. Suddenly, she pulled on the cat's tail and the cat scratched her. Zoey picked up the crying baby and carried her away.
Steven was going to serve in his friend's wedding. He was supposed to get his suit fitted with the rest of the guys. Steven missed the appointment. He never made an appointment to get fitted by himself. Steven was replaced in the wedding for not getting fitted.
During the basketball game, I mostly assisted my teammates. It was hard to score points since most of my shots were bad. However, my friend trusted me. He gave me the ball to shoot the game winner. I shot a three pointer and it landed inside the hoop.
There used to be this amazing Chinese restaurant by my house. They had the best chicken I've ever had. The best part was that they delivered! Too bad that they were shut down a few weeks ago. I guess I'll have to find a new Chinese place.
Barry recently took a trip to Jamaica. Barry was amazed at the clarity of the ocean. As Barry was swimming, he noticed a school of fish. As Barry was going to look at them, he noticed them jumping. Barry was thrilled to see a school of jumping fish.
Marcel was a talented sculptor. His hometown wanted a new statue for the town hall. They commissioned Marcel to produce the new sculpture. After months of work the sculpture was completed. Marcel's hometown was proud of his work.
My wife was abusive. One time, she gave me a black eye. I went to the police station to report what she had done. The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison. I was happy that I no longer had to fear her.
One winter, my family found a very small and cold kitten under our car He was an adorable gray tabby cat who was very affectionate. He was a great pet for years, and was always looking to cuddle. However, one day he was run over by a car and killed. It was sad, but I remember him happily as an amazing friend and pet.
Jeff was constantly stressed out. But one day, someone approached him and talked to him. Immediately, Jeff felt more relaxed. And he realized that having more friends would help his stress. But Jeff struggled to hold conversations with others.
Rob has a doctorate in finance. He was a professor for a university in Ohio for several years. Rob felt he was underpaid. Rob requested a raise from the university, but was denied. Rob is now a professor in Indiana.
Kelsi was new at school and wanted to make new friends. She decided to join the school's drama team to see if that would help. Luckily it helped and she made a new friend. One girl in particular Lucy became her new best friend. Lucy was happy she was able to have a best friend finally.
Tim had severe social anxiety. He tried going to Subway. He wanted to get a specific sandwich. He got overwhelmed by so many questions. Tim wound up answering wrong and getting a different sub.
I went to take my trash out. I noticed my recycling bin was filled with cans. I put the bin in my car. I drove to the grocery store. I recycled the cans and got money for it.
I put my pants on one leg at a time. Then I put my shirt on two arms at a time. It then occurred to me that these two things are not so different. I took my pants off and tried the two leg method. It was much faster and I decided to never go back to the old way.
I had left that morning in a hurry to catch the bus. On the way home, a lady chastised me for forgetting my baby's hat. She told me it was dangerous for a baby's head to be unprotected. I thanked her for her medical opinion. I told her I might take it more seriously if she weren't smoking.
Baker awoke early one morning. He looked out at the sky. The sky was clear, there were no clouds. He thought it was strange, considering it had rained earlier. He went back inside, puzzled about the sky.
David's mother's birthday was coming up. Glenn had forgotten about this until the day before it. When he remembered he ran out in a panic to buy a gift. He managed to buy a book just before the bookstore closed. His mother loved the book when he gave it to her the next day.
Sam got a new winter hat. It was a present from his girlfriend. Sam wore his new hat while snowboarding. His friends complimented his hat. Sam thanked his girlfriend for giving him such a wonderful present.
Fiona thought it would be best if she broke up with her boyfriend. He had been acting erratic lately and was frightening Fiona. Fiona tried to break the news to him gently, but in a public place. That night, Fiona heard someone calling to her from the street. Her ex-boyfriend was trying to get into her apartment building!
Garrett went to a department store. He saw a tv on sale. He didn't want to buy it. His wife told him he could. He then bought it.
Tim honestly believed in ghosts. His friends ridiculed him because of it. He became upset at their indignation. The realized that his feelings were hurt quickly. They apologized for being so insensitive.
The man's pants had a hole. So he went to the store. He found some new pants. Outside the store, he slipped on some ice. He tore a hole in his new pants.
Adam built a scale model of his bedroom, in a dollhouse. He also built little people, and little pets. Adam showed his efforts to the woman he was dating. She laughed and mocked him for being so childish. He beat her to death, and painted the dollhouse walls with her blood.
Kate loved using coupons. She always found great deals. Last week she gathered a bunch and went to the store. She bought several items and barely paid any money for them Kate was happy with the deals.
Mike and Joe were playing a videogame. They were competing for the high score. It had been close for a long time now. All of a sudden Joe's character stopped moving. His controller's batteries had run out and he had to forfeit.
Peter was impatient. He was waiting for a special phone call. The call would tell him if he was accepted to college or not. The phone rang and he jumped. Peter was accepted!
When Steve took up hiking, his dad gave him a compass. As his dad showed how to use it, Steve daydreamed about the trek. Steve headed on the trek with the compass in his bag. When he got lost, Steve reached confidently for the compass. As he opened the compass, Steve realized he didn't know how to use it.
I walked into the haunted house. A girl dressed like the child from The Ring came out of a well. I screamed loudly. I tried to run, but fell down. I accidently pushed her backwards as I fled.
I was always a daddy's girl. One day he began calling me his princess. I became obsessed with princess themes. We decorated my bedroom with crowns and Disney toys. He told me I would always be his princess.
Lisa was sweeping her kitchen floor when she saw a bug. It was big and black and scary. She screamed and hit it with the broom. It flew up and stung her on the arm. She dropped the broom and ran out of the room.
I posted an ad to Craigslist that I was looking for a connection. As an 18 year old single mother with two kids, it's hard to find them. I was very excited when a man responded to my ad. However the jerk asked me for nude pictures! I told him no because I'm a lady with self-respect!
My daughter's old college roommate got married recently. My daughter drove from NYC to Cape Cod. It took seven hours due to traffic. The drive back took six hours. She was exhausted, as she is pregnant.
Tristan found it hard to sleep at night. It was too hot in his apartment to feel comfortable. He bought a small air conditioner unit. It helped a little for a few days. But when the heatwave hit it town, he couldn't sleep again.
I wanted to move out of North Dakota. I decided to move to San Francisco. I packed my bags and drove down there. I tried to look for an apartment but it was too expensive! I was forced to move back to North Dakota.
Sue was eating ice cream. All of a sudden the phone rang. She put her ice cream on the table to take the call. When she came back, her ice cream was gone. Her dog had jumped on the table and ate it all.
Missy was popular blogger online. She was due to upload a new post soon but had writer's block. She tried and tried but had no ideas for a post. Suddenly she remembered a cool story from her childhood. She decided to build her post based on that and it worked.
Joey and Tim went fishing in the lake. There weren't fish in the lake but they didn't know that. For hours they had their poles in the water and waited. They caught nothing but pretended they did. The argued over who caught the bigger pretend fish.
Kirk decided to date Amy. He felt like they were in love. They cuddled while watching fireworks. They went on a few dates. But they broke up after the summer.
Ashley wants to switch careers. She's a teacher and she is sick of it. She is underpaid and overworked on a daily basis. She has applied to many jobs in other fields over the past week. She hopes to land some interviews soon.
Kara needed a new jacket. Hers was too little. She found the one she wanted. However it was too much for her budget. Kara had to shop around more before find the perfect one.
One person influenced my life more so than any other person. Someone who taught me I can be who I want to be. That person is my teacher, and someone I'm forever indebted too. As the years passed, he got older and plans for retirement. Today is that day, and I'm outside his door with a smile.
I wanted to learn to body surf. I asked a friend of mine to teach me. My friend said they would be delighted. But my friend was too busy to teach me after that. Soon summer ended and I had not learned to body surf.
Katie was making dinner. She was having her friends over for dinner and wine later. She chopped up some onions and got started with dinner. She worked hard over the stove for about an hour. Finally, dinner was ready, just in time because the doorbell rang!
I was going to get my girlfriend some flowers. I saw a great assortment in the store window. Unfortunately it was 80 dollars. I picked some flowers from the garden by the store. My girlfriend said they were beautiful.
Gina's family wasn't staying in Illinois. She was more than pleased to find this out. All she had to do was wait for her parents to drive them back home. But Gina wasn't a patient person. Before long, the fear they were never leaving began to return.
Tom was leaving a bar. He really had to pee. He decided to do it by some bushes. Cops caught him in the act. Tom was given a ticket.
The Mailman comes everyday at the same time. Today I noticed he was late. So I went outside to greet him. When he never showed up, I called the office. They said he was sick and someone else will bring the Mail.
One day I went for a walk. As I was walking, I saw a piece of crumpled paper on the ground. I picked it up and smoothed it out. It was a love letter between to middle school aged children. It was sweet and romantic and I still have it to this day.
Carol loved to bird watch. She loved to learn about all the different birds. One day Carol broke her leg and couldn't walk. She was worried she couldn't bird watch anymore. Her friend helped her get outside to bird watch.
Kenji fell very ill. He was hospitalized for a week. Kenji missed over two weeks of school. His teachers were very understanding in catching him up. Kenji is now feeling better and getting good grades.
All of the seniors were moved towards the gym. Each class sat in their assigned areas in the bleachers. Several cheerleaders approached the center of the gym. They started to cheer. However, one of the girls tripped and broke her knee.
One day I was driving home from work. I went down the usual highway but got stuck. The road was jammed bumper to bumpers. I was forced to sit practically still for hours. When I finally got home, my wife was angry at me for being late.
One day a huge storm blew over a tree in Tom's backyard. Tom spent 2 days hauling branches to the curb to be taken away. Tom hired another man to saw the tree up into logs. For 3 weeks Tom got his exercise by chopping firewood. When he was done, Tom had enough firewood for many long winters.
Jim bought his wife a ticket to the opera as a surprise. When Jim gave her the tickets she squealed with delight. They dressed up in their best clothes and had a nice dinner. On the way to the opera their car broke down. They missed the whole first act trying to get the car fixed.
Don was an accountant. He worked with a very prominent company. One day, the CEO of the company came to Don's office. The CEO asked Don to lie in a report about the company's holdings. Don refused.
I once dreamed of having my own guitar. But before buying my own guitar i have to learn how to play it. I ask my friend to teach me how to play it but i still can't. I tried to ask my brother to teach but still i can't. Until i decided to quit and find another hobby.
Jessie was driving home from a friend's house. Her car broke down on the highway. It was dark and she was in the middle of nowhere. Jessie's friend came and picked her up. They dealt with the car the next day.
Martin was an older man with a lot of life experience. He wanted to put it all in a book. So he decided to sit down and write one. He wrote a book about all the things that happened in his life. He went on to sell his book and made a lot of money from it.
Bob was outside his house relaxing when a dog came up. The dag was very big but seemed friendly. The dog had a collar and a tag with Hank on it. Bob called the owner and walked Hank down the street. The owner was so happy they gave Bob a reward for returning Hank.
Chris knew that his family was getting cramped in their small house. Chris went over the budget and looked around at other houses. Chris was not able to find a bigger house that they could afford. Chris decided just to do things to make the small house seem bigger. After redoing the house Chris was happy that they were comfortable.
Gabe drove a taxi cab. He was called to pick up a passenger at the theatre. When he got there, no one was waiting. Gabe called the dispatcher. He was at the wrong theatre!
Fred thought that his ability as a pitcher was the best. He challenged Luke to a game of baseball. Luke accepted and they scheduled a day to play. Luke narrowly beat Fred by a single point. Fred laughed and told Luke they should play again.
Bay took a pop quiz in math. She failed the test horribly. After class she pulled the teacher aside and asked to retake the test. Bay's teacher shook his head and said no. Unfortunately, Bay was stuck with the failing grade.
Andy got very sick and went to the hospital. The doctor prescribed a few medications, and two seemed to really help The other one got left out for a year until it expired. Andy got sick again, found this old medication, and took some. He got even worse and had to go to the doctor again anyway.
Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school. In order to do so, he needed to get good grades. His grades so far had been not so great. That month, he worked as hard as he could. Luckily, he got his grade up high enough and earned the pizza.
Emily's favorite bracelet was missing. She accused her little sister of taking it. Her sister swore she didn't. A few days later, Emily caught her cat taking a ring from her dresser. Her cat was the one stealing her jewelry.
I was unemployed for six months. No one would hire me or give me an interview. I decided that a normal job wasn't for me. I decided to work on Mechanical Turk instead. With Mechanical Turk I was able to make lots of money!
Silvia didn't like her class partner. He never shared the workload and was very lazy. She went to her teacher and told him she'd work alone. The teacher refused. So Silvia had to do double work to pass her class.
My sister in law was angry. She had to drive over an hour away to her bank. She needed a new bank card and pin. She called again and they said she could do it over the phone. She was happy as she did not want to drive in the rain.
Mae was a 12 year old that hated to smile. She had crowded teeth and was embarrassed. Her parents realized she did not smile in photos. Mae's parents took her to get braces at the orthodontist. Mae could not stop smiling and her parents were happy.
Steven has a physics test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. He is nervous about not passing. When he got to class, his teacher postponed the test. He was very thankful his teacher moved the test.
My daughter is a terrible cook. One day she made dinner for her friends. She undercooked the rice badly. Her fiance ate the rice even though it was very hard. She was grateful for his support.
Lewis had always wanted to be a carpenter. It had been a dream ever since he was a kid. One day, he decided to do well in school. After succeeding, he was able to get a degree. Now, Lewis is a carpenter and he is happy.
Timmy loved to look at birds. Lately he had walked down the street and seen hundreds of them. They were bright red and flew in a big flock. Timmy read that these birds were migratory. Surely enough, the very next week he didn't see a single red bird.
Craig has wanted to get himself an early birthday present for months. He decides to treat himself to a new pair of sneakers. He researches sneakers for a few weeks. He finally finds a pair that is both comfortable and stylish. Craig is so happy that he bought a gift for himself.
Kelly had the prettiest lips in the world, according to some people. Joe e-mailed her asking for a kiss. Kelly said no. Joe asked again and again. Kelly took a selfie with her lips puckered and said there's your kiss.
Malek showed a rubber band to Derek. He aimed a small pebble towards the ground. However, the rubber band broke loose and the pebble hit Derek. He instantly fell on the ground. Malek found out that he had a black eye from the hit.
John was brushing his teeth in the morning. He was spitting blood. He got scared. He made an appointment with his dentist. A dentist told him he had Paradentosis.
Andy started a web development business. He contacted a local business because they didn't have a website. Andy showed the owner the traffic Google reported for his keywords. The business owner bought Andy's service. But he sued Andy and since Andy wasn't Incorporated he lost.
John was looking for a job. But one of his friends said he could get him one. John felt guilty about it and decided to keep searching on his own. But John never ended up finding a job. And he regret refusing his friend's offer.
Tom had roommates. They never wanted to take out the trash. Tom refused to for a while. The trash piled up so high it fell over. Tom yelled at everyone and took it out.
Jenny hated spiders. She found one in the bathroom. She screamed and ran out. Jenny's boyfriend ran to see what the problem was. Jenny got him to get rid of the spider.
Matt really wanted to learn Megadeth's song, Conquer or Die. His ears weren't good enough to figure it out himself. A guy in the United Kingdom had tabbed it out, though. But he wanted   20 for the sheet music! Matt resigned himself to not getting to learn the song.
Andrew was taking his little cousins to ride go karts. He called them to see if they were ready to be picked up. They were ready to be picked up. So Andrew picked them all up and drove them to ride go karts. They all had fun riding go carts.
A West Babylon New York man is very lucky. He won the million dollar lottery twice. Inn 2012 he bought a twenty dollar scratch-off ticket. He won a million dollars on that ticket. In May 2016, he won another million dollars on another scratch-off.
Drew went duck hunting in his new boat. Drew had his boat positioned in his favorite spot. Drew could hear the ducks coming. He took three shots. Drew got two ducks and had a fabulous dinner that evening.
A family bought their young child a talking stuffed animal. Over time, its batteries wore down. Eventually, the toy began talking at random in a lugubrious voice. It would randomly proclaim its love in the wee hours of the night. The child became terrified of it, and tried to flush it down the loo.
John had never wrestled before. He was convinced to join the tournament by his friends. He didn't realize it was meant as a joke. He wound up surviving longer than expected. Now he thinks it's something he wants to pursue.
A man wanted to challenge himself. He thought about difficult things to do that are fun. He also desired something adventurous. He decided to climb a mountain. He climbed a mountain and felt like he fulfilled a dream.
Susie was having a party. She decided to have it on her dad's yacht. She was really looking forward to it. But as it turned out no one could come. So she was left alone.
The class took a trip to see the farm. They looked at the animals and the crops. They learned how to collect the eggs from the chicken coop. When it was time to leave, Stacy announced that she was going to plant. The class learned a lot on their trip!
I hadn't spoken to my friends in Years. A mutual acquaintance was having a party. We were both invited. I decided to go and wound up talking to him. Things are much better between us now.
Tyler has a big test coming up. Instead of studying he has fun with his friends. The day of the test comes. Tyler does his best even though he didn't study. Tyler fails his test.
A group of five friends met at the local park. One brought a basketball. They all decided to play basketball. Everyone laughed and had fun. It was a fun day everyone remembers.
Islas apartment buildings had been sold. Now they were being demolished to build a mall. She had grown up in the home and didn't want to say goodbye. To her delight she found proof of the house being historical. This saved it from being demolished.
Yesterday, Mimsy went fishing. She didn't use a hook. She didn't want to catch the fish. She just tied veggies and things to her fishing line. It's relaxing for her to feed the fish.
Nancy lost a tooth. When she went to put it under her pillow it had disappeared. She wrote a note to the Tooth Fairy explaining the situation. The Tooth Fairy left her a note that she had found it. She left 50 cents under Nancy's pillow as well.
Tim had a dog named Lott who was made to sleep on the floor. Lott unsuccessfully tried many ways to get Tim to let him in the bed. One day Lott hurt his leg and needed plenty of rest. Tim felt so sorry for Lott that he let him lie in bed with him. Now Lott spends every night in Tim's bed.
The ranger saw something moving in the distance. It was a huge bear. He watched it head towards the town. The ranger blew his horn and yelled for the bear to go away. He wanted to keep the bear away from danger.
Ann was having tooth pain. The dentist said her wisdom teeth had to come out. She was scared, but agreed. The dentist put her to sleep. Then he removed all four wisdom teeth at once!
Cam wanted to help her church. But she had no money to donate. She decided to offer her time instead. The church sent Cam to help in a poor neighborhood. Cam did more good with her hands than others did with dollars!
Grandma needed her room painted. She called her son Adam to come over to paint the room. Adam picked out a beautiful color. He worked all day and all night to get the room done. Grandma was happy when she saw the job he had done.
Lucy had always had a lot of friends. But later she realized they were not true to her. So she decided to stop being friends with them. It was nerve wracking for her. But she realized it would be better off.
The true American walked to the town square with his flag. He carefully unfolded it and laid it on the ground. The true American gave a short speech about liberty. He then poured a half a cup of gasoline on the flag. He gave a salute and dropped a lit match on the flag.
Tina loved her gold necklace. She wore it everywhere. One day she got tired of it. She threw it in the ocean. Tina never saw it again.
Tom was at a family member's funeral. He wasn't that close to the person who died. However he kept seeing relatives sad and crying. After a while it was too much for Tom. He broke down in tears as well.
A farmer went to his chicken coop to collect eggs. He noticed that there were a few chickens missing. He concluded that a fox must have taken them away. The farmer installed a fence around the chicken coop to stop the fox. The chickens were no longer in danger of the fox.
Vaughn invented a robot that could hold conversations. He sold the idea to a firm that loved the concept. A year later, Vaughn's robot was in every living room. Because it was cheap, it became the perfect companion. And Vaughn became famous for his new discovery.
We laid on the bed, both very stressed out. We had a long talk about how hard everything was. We decided wallowing in our fears was bad for us. We made a pact to feel better. We hugged and said we loved each other.
Sam had smoked most of his life. He decided to quit. It was hard. He often relapsed. He still realized it was the best choice.
Larry was playing basketball. He was practicing shooting 3 pointers. His basketball landed in the river as he attempted a shot. Larry raced after his basketball. The river carried his basketball all the way down the stream.
John stopped by his favorite bakery to buy some bread. He could feel nice smell of the bakery outside. The owner told him they are baking a new kind of bread. John decided to wait there. He really liked a new bread.
Dave saw lights flashing behind him so he pulled his car over. The cop told him he was speeding. Dave knew he wasn't speeding, but he was nervous anyway. Another cop came along and talked to the first cop. They had pulled over the wrong car and Dave was free to go.
In third grade Ana started learning French. The teacher found them French pen pals to help them learn. Ana kept up correspondence for several years. She practiced her French and grew very skilled. When she graduated high school, her French grade was A+!
The senior class was putting on a play. The cast and crew worked very hard to make it successful. Soon opening night arrived. The students were very nervous, but did their best. The play got a good review in the student paper.
Donald recently decided he wanted a promotion. He was competing against a woman for the job. Donald was a liar and a cheat and did whatever it took to look good. He told many lies about the woman to get people not to like her. In the end, people saw through him and the woman got the job.
We decided to put our house up for sale. We found another house to purchase and a buyer for our home. After the inspection the buyer backed out for no reason. It was very stressful but we decided to have an open house. We ended up selling after the open house and sold for higher price!
Manuel's father passed away when he was in high school. He had a very hard time with that. Manuel became a man without his father being around. He visited him regularly and told him about his life. Manuel put flowers on his father's grave every week.
Harry sat at the lunch table filled with dread. He hated the cinnamon rolls in his lunch. He would rather have a slice of pizza. Michael leaned over and asked if they could trade. Harry got to have a slice of pizza after all.
Jan never woke up early. One morning she was able to. She decided to cook a big breakfast. She had plenty of time to do so before work. She went to work full and satisfied.
I took my son to the alligator farm. He thought they were dogs with no hair. He tried to get one of them to bark. He threw some crackers at another. He asked if we could take one home.
Reagan joined her friends after work for a beer. It had been a stressful day and she needed to relax. At the bar, a man came to her and complimented her dress. She barely looked at him and thanked him. When she went home, she realized it had been one of her clients.
Kate was walking to her desk at work. She had to walk past the desks of the call center. On the desks she could see many computer screens on Facebook. She could even see it on the screen of people talking to customers. Kate knew this would mean the end of Facebook.
There had been a string of robberies in the town. Mark was worried for his family because he worked overnight. He instructed his daughter to lock up when he left in the evening. He got a call from the police around midnight. His daughter had captured a burglar, locking him in the garden shed.
Will was a young man who wanted to do something with his life. Will began to study hard, focusing on learning. Will graduated high school with honors. Will went on to study biophysics at MIT. Now Will is credited with the cures for several diseases.
He woke up smiling. He felt that it was going to be a great day! He jumped out of bed. As he did so, he tripped and broke his toe. The great day did not start out well for him.
Lucas was a little bit drunk. He said something a wee bit racist about Iranians. People took offense to his joke, and he tried to take it back. Unfortunately, people started tweeting his mistake. Within a day, he was on buzzfeed being accused of being racist.
Lisa and Cheryl went to the mall in search for a toy. Lisa's youngest daughter talked about the toy all the time. Lisa was on a mission-to find that toy! The shelves had many items except the special one. Unfortunately, they both left the store empty handed.
Gina's only remaining friend was Tami. Now Tami was no longer her friend. She had no allies left in her class. And sitting next to her old friends was uncomfortable. Gina felt like an outcast.
Chuck had a bad cough. It lasted for weeks, so he went to see a doctor about it. The doctor examined Chuck and said he had a bacterial infection. He prescribed Chuck some medication. After a few weeks of taking it, Chuck's cough was gone!
Ben ordered a carry out pizza. Once it was finished, he drove to get it. The cashier tried to put the pizza in the box. However, it fell out of the box once he handed it to Ben. Luckily, He got a refund on the pizza.
Richard wanted to build his son a treehouse for his birthday. He bought the sturdiest lumber and supplies he could. Richard spent time drawing up a plan for the treehouse. He began to build the treehouse. The treehouse that Richard built lasted for years.
I found an old camera at a store. I took the camera home. I looked inside and found some used film. I took the film to the store and had it developed. It had some very old, pretty pictures on it.
Tina took her kids to the zoo. They loved seeing all the animals. Her boys especially loved the monkeys. One monkey came and made faces at the kids. The kids laughed and laughed until they cried.
Martha was planning her grocery list. She was hosting Thanksgiving for all her family. She carefully planned it out. Then she bought all the items. She couldn't wait to get cooking!
Robert went to a fun house with his friends. He didn't like clowns. But they were everywhere at the funhouse. Robert tried to speed through the house because he wasn't having fun. But he ended up tripping and landing on one of the clowns!
Billy was a boxer. He had a match with a champion boxer. The champion completely destroyed Billy in the match. So Billy nominated his son and said that he would dominate him. The son barely won that match though.
The kids ran towards the water. They loved going to the ocean! They splashed and dug and played all day. It was a great time spent with their family. They watched the sun set over the ocean.
When I graduated high school, my class was only around 300. We had a fairly normal ceremony, and returned to my parents' house. Several family members I hadn't seen in years were there. I had a lot of fun, then drove to my best friend's house. We ended up spending the night, making pizza and watching movies.
I woke up at 7am. I rolled over to hug my wife. I thought she had bad breath. I opened my eyes and it was my dog. He had really awful breath.
Zachary knew that he had a special ability. He knew instantly when someone was lying. His mother told him she loved him, and he knew it was a lie. Zachary ran away, feeling unloved. Zachary was a fool and had no special powers.
It was the beginning of November. Ralph's company men grew a beard every November. Ralph decided that his year he was gonna participate. Ralph grew the longest beard out of all of them. He won the contest and got a gift card to his favorite restaurant.
Gina's dad had given her money to buy a phone card. She stood in the doorway waving as he left. She locked the door to the house and turned to go to the kitchen. She then realized she should have asked for a ride. She now had the money, but she still had no phone card.
Cathy is running for homecoming queen. Cathy had to sell raffle tickets in order to win the title. Cathy was selling tickets everyday to anyone that would purchase. The day before the announcement, Cathy handed in her ticket sales. Cathy was delighted to find out that she was crowned homecoming queen.
Tam was walking home from school. As she walked, she texted her friend. She started to cross the street without looking up from her phone. An oncoming car hit her! Luckily, Tam was not badly injured.
Paul decided to try out for the school musical. He couldn't really sing, but danced fairly well. Paul was surprised when he was cast as one of the leads. He worked very hard and the play was a success. Paul even won an award at the drama banquet.
Before it got too cold, we decided to take a trip to the Gorge. Driving there, we decided to spend the day hiking. After selecting a trail that was good, we set off! The trail was perfect, if but a little wet. One we were finished we headed home, exhausted.
Lane wanted to go to the zoo for his tenth birthday. But the closest zoo was two hundred miles away! His parents said they could take a trip somewhere closer. Lane settled in for their road trip, a little disappointed. But when they finally arrived, he saw they were at the zoo after all!
Dennis was a very mischievous student. He got in a lot of trouble every day. One day, the teacher had had enough! She sent him to the principal's office. He sat there the rest of the day as punishment.
My favorite author released his new novel today. I went to the bookstore to find the book. I managed to buy it for a discount since there was a promotional sale. After reaching home, I opened the book and started to read. I ended up forgetting about my homework assignment.
I was at the lake last weekend. While walking by the ducks I decided to throw some bread at them. They liked it and chased me as I walked away. No matter how fast I went they kept chasing. I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks.
Gina's library was having books mailed from another location for her. It would take 3 days for the books to arrive. Gina had a report due in 5 days. She knew it would be tight. But she had no choice other than to wait.
Ann started to date a coworker of hers against company policy. They tried to keep it a secret. One day, her boss saw them kissing at a restaurant. He called them into a meeting in his office. Ann's boss fired both of them.
I was very worried about studying abroad in Mexico. I spoke very good Spanish, but I wasn't sure if it would be enough. I was nervous the entire plane ride to Mexico City. When I got there, my host family greeted me with open arms. They told me not to worry because I spoke great Spanish.
Evan wanted something fuel efficient. He bought a little scooter. He rode it to work every day. It got 70 miles per gallon. Evan told all his coworkers how great it was working for him.
Joe's city had hot weather for weeks. Joe was excited that it the forecast showed cold weather soon. The next day, it rained. Joe went outside and thought his city was beautiful when in the rain. Joe was happy that it rained the next few days too.
Lana was about to get on her first plane to Florida. She was scared but excited. First she boarded. Then they took off! It wasn't as bad as she thought it would be.
Singer Chris Brown had a guest in his home, she was a super-model. But she wouldn't have sex with Chris. He told her to leave when ready and then he went to bed. Three in the morning the model goes outside and then calls the police. She said Chris threatened her with a gun and he was arrested.
Sarah wanted to throw a beach party for her and her friends. Sarah sat down at table and wrote down what she needed for the party. Sarah went to different stores and bought the items she needed. Sarah called and invited all the friends she wanted at her party. Sarah threw the beach party and had a good time with her friends.
Ross was restless. He'd made a doctor's appointment for noon. It was now 2:00 and he still hadn't been seen. He told the receptionist he'd have to leave. She told him that he should just try another day.
Katelyn was so excited. Today was the day her husband Peter was coming home. He'd been away at war for the past eighteen months. She drove to the airport to pick him up. They were reunited and greeted each other with a kiss.
Mary just wanted to relax at home. She went into a spare bedroom to nap. She heard footsteps outside the window. Nervously she peeked out the window. Three deer were settling down for their own nap.
I went outside on my deck this summer. I leaning against the deck. I felt a pain in my arm. I reached down to see what it was. It was a praying mantis biting me.
Anita had a brilliant idea which led to a question. She brought some obsolete computer books out into an abandoned field. She then shot the pages right out of them, taking notes. Anita was satisfied she'd found the answer to her question. She now knew how many books to pack in her bag to block bullets.
Rick sat down at his computer, about to do work. His attention was immediately diverted by a computer game. His wife pointed out that he was supposed to be working. Rick argued with her, taking his time on the game. Rick didn't finish his work in time, resulting in lost profits.
Kara's sister passed away. She planned a wonderful funeral for her. Lots of people came to pay their respects. Kara was happy to have been able to give her a good send off. They hadn't gotten along while living but Kara was sad she was gone.
Sam had been watching his teammates play from the sidelines. It had been like this all game season. His coach finally decided to put Sam in the game one night. Sam was so excited that he ran past the other team with the ball. He ended up scoring a touchdown!
Jenny was exhausted and went to bed early. She woke up suddenly and was drenched in sweat. She had dreamed of being chased. Jenny tried to relax. After tossing and turning she finally managed to sleep peacefully.
Jen loves wine. She took her friends on a wine tasting tour. They had never taken a trip like this before. By the third winery, Jen tasted 12 different wines. The trip was cut short when Jen felt sick after the fourth winery.
Laura was worried that her daughter might get a B on her report card. Her daughter Kim had always been a straight A student. Laura started pestering Kim to follow up with the teacher. She nervously waited for the report cards to be issued. When Laura finally saw it, she was very relieved to see all A's.
Tom got an alert from his bank. He was close to having no money. Tom hadn't made any recent purchases. He realized someone was using his information to buy things online. Tom had the account shut down and was reimbursed.
Polly was pregnant and very sore from it. She couldn't sleep one night from her back hurting. She decided to take a bath to make her feel sleepy. To her delight the hot water soothed her pain well. Soon she felt comfy enough to climb into bed and sleep.
Ken is out bird watching with his friends. He sees a lot of different birds. While bird watching a very rare bird comes up beside him. Ken is awe struck by this. The bird flies away but Ken can't believe what he saw.
Sara was pitcher of the softball team. One afternoon she was practicing and threw the ball. Suddenly she felt her arm pop. She then felt a lot of pain. Sara called her coach and noticed she dislocated her shoulder.
The weather was stormy and dark. The people of Harrison were fearful. They hid in their homes. Trees were toppled over. However, the people of Harrison were safe and well.
Tom was excited to go to the lake. Him and his family drove all day in order to get to the lake. They were going to stay at a cabin for the whole weekend. Tom became sick on the drive towards the lake. Tom was no longer excited.
Ashton got a new pet hamster. The hamster is very shy and timid. She tries to play with him but he doesn't want to leave the cage. She ended up buying a new toy to lure him out. The hamster came out of the cage to play with the toy.
Terry was an avid motorcycle rider. He loved his bike very much. Terry was riding one day and felt both wheels lose traction. Terry looked at his tires and saw they had little tread. Terry promptly bought new tires for his motorcycle.
James liked going on hikes. He hiked into the desert one day. He didn't take enough water! After an hour, he felt very faint. James sat down to recover.
I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf. Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert. He tried to push me up to surf three times. He was finally successful and I crowd surfed! I only stayed up for about 30 seconds, but it was fun!
While on a walk the other night I heard an owl. It kept hooting. I tried searching for it all over. I listened and followed the sound. But I never found it.
Nancy was trying to lose weight. She counted each calorie she ate. Soon, she was down ten pounds. Nancy was determined to keep going. By the end of the year, she had lost another ten!
Jimmy was fishing with his father. He felt something tugging at his line. Jimmy reeled in a big catfish! Jimmy took the catfish home. His mother prepared the fish for dinner afterwards.
Jan is taking out the trash. While walking she slips. She drops the trash all over the ground. Jan picks up the garbage she dropped. Jan was upset she fell taking out the trash.
The cartoon was very popular. It had funny writing and hilarious characters. Kids around the country would gather to watch it. It was on every Saturday morning for years. The kids were disappointed when it was cancelled.
Carrie's man was cheating on her and she was very mad. She took a heavy aluminum bat and bashed in his car's headlights. She continued on to the windshield and body. As she finished up, the cops arrived. Carrie was genuinely surprised when they arrested her.
I didn't know I needed glasses, until middle school. My teacher remarked at how often I squinted, and strained to see. I told her that I didn't need them, and she simply laughed She gave me her glasses to try, and the difference was shocking! I had never seen so well in my life, and knew I needed my own pair.
Chelsea took Cheyenne out to dinner at Grace O'Malley's. Cheyenne thought that it was her birthday gift from Chelsea. Actually, Chelsea was just distracting Cheyenne from the real present. While they were at dinner everyone gathered for a surprise party. The look on Cheyenne's face when she walked in the door was priceless!
Emma was very busy. She threw dinner in the crock pot before she left for work. When she got home, the dinner was black and burned. Emma was so frustrated! She had to eat cereal instead.
Matt has always really wanted to write a book. He decided to take a writing course at a community college. After a couple months, Matt felt competent enough to start a book. It took him two years, but he finished it. He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it.
Lucy suffered to live a loveless life. She felt deep inside her a need for connection. As she didn't believe in fairy tales, she didn't expect to find love. So when she met Paul, she was floored. She had done nothing special and love had come to her.
Neil was in a long term relationship. He hadn't been happy for months. He decided to talk to his girlfriend about it. She agreed with his sentiment. They decided to break up amicably.
When I was a child, I was afraid of the dark. I slept with the lights on, every night. One night, the power in our neighborhood short-circuited. The whole neighborhood went dark. That was the first night I slept in the dark.
Billy was five Year's old. He noticed that when he ate, his tooth felt funny. He began to wiggle the tooth around. The tooth got very loose and fell out. Billy got a quarter from the tooth-fairy.
Jake had a sixth finger on his right hand. He could grasp a basketball with just one hand because of this. Jake became a star player on his basketball team. One day, his teammates noticed his sixth finger. He was placed on the bench as the sixth man because of his finger.
Barb was a very heavy woman. She finally decided to lose weight. She ate healthy and exercised every day. After a year, Barb is looking really good. Barb swears never to be heavy again!
Juanita decided that she needed a computer to write her letters on. She found that writing letters on a typewriter was too slow. She researched computers for almost a week. Finally she bought a nice one. Juanita immediately started writing letters on her computer.
All Jim's life, he had loved to eat donuts. Jim vowed to create the perfect donut glaze. After Years of testing, he had finally made it. Jim decided to start his own donut business. He became a very successful donut entrepreneur!
Susie got a puppy. One day she lost it. She looked everywhere. Finally she found it. It was under her bed.
Jim had been working at a hotel for three years. He needed to move for family reasons. Luckily, the hotel offered him a job at a branch in his new city. Jim started there that week, and at first he didn't fit in very well. Luckily, within a few weeks he had integrated well into the group.
A strong wave hit the side of Remi's ship. He was knocked over by the sudden force. Before he could get up another wave hit the boat. Remi was thrown to the edge of the railing. Remi clung to the railing and waited for the storm to end.
Isabelle went to work as an extra in a movie. She worked really hard to impress the director. The director of the movie thought she did a great job. He asked her to be in his next movie. She agreed and now she is a budding actress.
It was a hot summer day in Phoenix, Arizona. My ten-year-old cousin and I were practicing his soccer game. My cousin kicked the ball high and hard, straight at my left hand. I screamed in pain, my ring finger hanging limp, twisted, and broken. He hurriedly ran into the house to get his Mother.
One day Erika went to Starbucks for coffee. But while there someone tried to rob the cafe. She punched the robber in the face. He ran out. The police caught him later and thanked Erika.
Lisa's middle school class offered a home ec class. Students would learn to sew and cook in it. For the first time ever a boy signed up to take the class. All the girls thought he would do terrible. However, he was the best baker out of all of them.
Donna and Mark were having company for dinner. Donna cooked a nice meal. Mark bought a good bottle of wine. Their guests arrived at the house. They spent hours visiting.
Wendell was nervous about his audition. He had been acting for years, but this was for a major production. During the audition, he forgot one of his lines. Wendell was devastated, and certain that he would not get the part. He was overjoyed when the producer called to tell him he got the role.
Lucy was tired and hungry after being at church for hours. Her grandmother normally cooked dinner. Since grandma was with her there would be no dinner waiting at home. Lucy was happy when grandma took her to the church kitchen. Lucy happily stuffed her face on fried chicken and cake.
Deb's mother missed her very much. She took a trip to Montana to visit her mother. While Deb was there she found out her mother had cancer. Her mother looked very sick and Deb was worried. Her mother passed away when she was visiting her.
Jon wanted to know more about birds, so he went to the library. While at the library, he saw an attractive librarian. He slowly got up the nerve to talk to the librarian, and asked her out The librarian told him no. Jon ran out of the library and never went there again.
I dated my wife in 1981. Her grandfather was from Germany so she liked German things. I took her to Schroeder's and The Wursthaus. They were German restaurants in Boston and Cambridge. Both are now gone, and she misses German food.
Tom broke his tv's remote. He bought a universal one as a replacement. It had a lot of buttons and functions. Many of which were too confusing for Tom. He wound up not using most of the features.
Susan set up her tent at the campsite. Then, she made dinner. It started to rain. It is a good thing that Susan completed her set up. Susan made her bed and read a book until it stopped raining.
Tyler was volunteering at the nursing home near his house. He was playing the piano and singing for the residents. The people at the nursing home cheered him on. After he finished, they asked for an encore. Tyler felt happy and started volunteering regularly.
Gina and her friend sat on the swings during recess. They weren't swinging, but just sitting and talking. The school bully began walking their way. She wanted them to give up the swings. They left the swings so there would be no trouble.
I like singing English covers of Japanese songs. I set up some social media sites to share my covers. They don't get much traffic. I'm considering networking at events to improve the attention. I plan to keep trying at my covers.
Trevor went to the zoo with his family. He yawned and appeared  bored. It was only until the gorilla exhibit where his interest piqued. A large gorilla stared at Trevor through the glass. Trevor was surprised by how human-like it looked.
Mom with two year old daughter came into the store. Her daughter wanted to run through the store. Mom told her not to run but she did not listen. She knocked down cans with soda. Sellers told mom not to worry about it.
Sue loved pretty flowers. She often picked them at the park. One day she saw a rose bush. She picked a whole dozen. Sue made them into a crown when she got home.
Lucius was asked to write a report on aging. He imagined his own life at 85. He thought of his grandfather, who has a simple but happy life. Lucius realized he didn't fear aging. He drove to his grandfather's house after school to be with him.
My wife is retiring this week. One of her coworkers is in the field. She does see him often. Last week he came into the office. She had a photo taken of them together as a remembrance.
Phil went to his bank. They asked for his info. He couldn't tell them. They told him to login to his account online. He forgot the login.
Allen had always played lacrosse. Then, people said only girls played lacrosse. Allen worked hard and became one of the best. He became known throughout the US and no one made fun of him. Now, Allen is able to play the sport he loves.
Austin went to the theaters to unwind. He has had a long day He watched a movie he wasn't really interested in He was bored the entire time. He fell asleep in the theater
My 15 year old daughter has a boyfriend. I recently noticed her acting standoffish towards him. She tells me that he ignores her sometimes in school. I explained to her how boys are sometimes more shy than girls. She agreed to give him his space until he is as comfortable as her.
Tom heard you can make money by donating blood plasma. Tom went to his local donation clinic. He signed up to donate plasma. The nurse ran a basic test on Tom's blood. It turned out that Tom was HIV positive!
Sara and Seth were watching TV. Game of Thrones came on and Sara was disgusted at the nudity. She said HBO always required its actresses to be naked. Seth told her she was a prude. Sara broke up with Seth the next day.
Kelly decided to get a new haircut. She made her hair real short. When she looked in the mirror it looked great. Unfortunately it grew back too soon. Kelly had to go back and get it done.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is very quirky. She likes certain shoes and clothes. She will wear only a orange dress. Tonight she decided to sleep with gloves on her hands. Her mom let her do it just to go to bed.
Kelsey was on a date with a new boy from school. She had enjoyed the conversation and their dinner quite a lot. Suddenly, the check came and she saw the huge debt. She insisted on helping him to pay but he argued with her. Finally, she agreed to let him pay.
Alissa's cousin went to visit China ten years ago. While he was there he met a woman and married her. Since then he feels very lonely in a different culture. So he wrote Alissa and asked her to visit him. An Alissa took her vacation time to travel to China during the summer.
Kelly had shopped for months. She couldn't find a good swimsuit. She finally found one that was cute and flattering. She ordered it in every color! She couldn't wait to wear it on the beach.
Janet just got a new dress. She was very excited about it. On her first night out wearing it her friend wore the same. He friend looked better in it than she did. Janet never wore the dress again.
Donald was man with a mission. A mission to help people for the holidays. He would chop wood for them, repair their sinks, and sing carols. Everyone liked Donald and his help. Everyone chipped in and bought him new boots for Christmas.
Sam bought his girlfriend flowers. He was going to take them to her at her work. On the way there he got sidetracked at a store. Sam forgot the flowers on the roof of his car. By the time he remembered the weather had messed them up.
Kevin always had a dream of wrestling. He wrestled starting at the age of 7. He worked and trained his whole life. He finally became a professional at age 18. He became one of the greatest wrestlers ever.
Joe dreamed of being the fastest kid in his 3rd grade class. His friends always held races during recess. Joe practiced constantly, striving to be the best. But when the races started that year, a girl named Lisa won the race. Joe was disappointed, but decided he would not stop trying.
The man went to the tanning salon. He bought some tanning time. He spend too long in the booth. He got a burn on his skin. He put some aloe on it.
Tom wasn't much of a drinker. He thought sweet drinks were easier to handle. Unfortunately he couldn't gauge how drunk he got. Tom went overboard. The next day the sugar crash and hangover were horrible.
Red decided to try rock climbing. He researched it and decided to have someone help him when he went. He got to the mountain and met his guide. They climbed up with a little effort and got to the top. Red was happy he learned a new skill and enjoyed it.
During my final math exam, I had a powerful urge to use the bathroom. I told the prof, assuring him there was no cheating, just biology. He looked dubious but said it would be okay. I went to bathroom, worried he might not trust me. I returned and finished the exam, eventually acing the course.
The man made music. He sold it to the studio. The studio offered it to a producer. The producer bought the music. The producer made a movie with the man's music.
Queenie was mocked for her thick glasses. She hated being made fun of! She decided to get contact lenses instead. Sure enough, once the glasses were gone, the teasing stopped. Queenie was very proud that she'd solved her problem.
John was invited snowboarding by friends. He had never done that before. He decided to give it a try. The first time out he fell pretty badly. John decided to stop trying to snowboard.
Everyone knew her father by name but me. I read many articles about who he was but still was not sure. The internet gave me some clues but it was not much help. So I watched for him on Thursday like everyone. I soon learned Eli was Olivia Pope's father.
Tom was looking forward to his next vacation. He was deciding where to go. He decided to buy a topographical map to display in his home. He used the map to make the best decision. He credited the map to selecting a great mountain range to visit.
Billy had been feeling ill for most the day. When his unit went on patrol that night, the retching became too much. Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit, he slid down a slope. Alarmed by his disappearance, his unit frantically searched for him. The slope was only a slight drop, and Billy sheepishly rose, safe.
In the morning, I drive down the same highway. On the side of the highway is a seedy motel. One morning, I saw the ultimate walk of shame. The woman was clutching a motel bed sheet around her naked body. She walked straight across the highway, barefoot, to the bus stop.
Laney desperately wanted to go swimming in her brother's pool. She was afraid the water was too cold to enjoy. She braced herself and cautiously dipped her toes into the pool. To her pleasant surprise, the water felt more like bath temperature! Laney happily jumped in and swam with her brother until nightfall.
Tim had a pair of old sneakers. They had holes in them. He still wore them often. ONe day his mom threw them out. Tim threw a big fit over it.
Marsha knew her car was low on fuel. She was trying to make it to the cheaper gas station across town. She could see the gas station when her car ran out of fuel. As she pulled over, she noticed her sister in the lane next to her. Her sister pulled over and gave Marsha a ride to the gas station.
Mike made homemade pasta one day. He also made his own spaghetti sauce as well. Mike invited his girlfriend over to help him eat it. They both loved the meal. Pasta is now a regular staple of Mike's diet.
A hairline crack ran down the middle of the glass. Wren noticed it as she put her wine glass down. She went to the kitchen and got another glass. She poured what was left of her wine into it. Wren carefully through the cracked glass away in the trash.
I have always had very firm mattresses. My fiancee told me that we had to buy a new soft mattress. At first I was reluctant. We tried one out and I fell asleep in the store. Needless to say, I was won over pretty easily after that.
Every year I plant eggplants in my garden. Every year the ants attack and eat my plants. This year I was determined to defeat the ants. I tried as many different things as I could think of to save them. I planted 8 plants and saved 3, which is my best year yet!
Jim was playing video games His controller ran out of batteries. Jim went to the store to buy some more. At the store Jim got distracted with impulse buys. He forgot the batteries.
Rod was on his way to work. Walking to his car, he dropped his wallet in the garage. Rod noticed his wallet was missing when he was at work. He worried that his wallet had been stolen. Rod noticed his wallet when he got home from work.
The Smith family was on vacation. They were taking a road trip to the lake. Everyone was asked to use the bathroom before leaving. Within the first half hour on the trip someone had to pee. Everyone was annoyed when they had to pull over.
Kelli was getting ready for school in the morning. She couldn't find the brush. It was almost time for school. Kelli brushed her hair back with her fingers. She pulled her hair back in a ponytail.
James needed to get a new phone. He broke his previous one by dropping it. He shopped around at the mall. He found a Samsung phone that he really liked. He bought the phone with his credit card.
Kat had been practicing for weeks for the dance. She was the lead dancer in the ballet. Recently her toenail had fallen off from all her dancing. Her toe was in terrible shape, battered and bleeding. Kat still went on and danced perfectly, getting a standing ovation.
My nephew Greg, was picked to be in a boy band. I went to the group's first concert in a nice size venue. The five teen boys sang and danced for an hour. The concert and all the boys were a huge hit. From this the boy band Dream Street was formed.
Jake loved to drive fast. He had three speeding tickets already. He saw headlights behind him. He decided to try and run away. Jake wound up crashing his car and getting arrested.
The band had an exciting performance tonight. They rocked for hours on the stage. The audience cheered for them. Afterwards they left the stage. The band members took a nap as they headed towards their next city.
This morning, Steve dropped his toothbrush on the ground. He went to the store to buy a new toothbrush. Steve searched the medical aisle for toothbrushes. They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush. They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes.
Sasha decided she wanted to adopt a dog. She went to the humane society. She looked at lots of dogs and puppies. She played with a golden retriever puppy for two hours. She adopted it and took it home that night.
Timmy was bored. He decided to make music! He beat on his dresser like a drum set! He plucked his comb for another cool sound! It was the sweetest music he ever heard!
Linda went to the library. She checked out a dozen books. She took them home and started reading immediately. She finished the first book that night. She was eager to start another.
Eddie didn't mind writing book reports. However, he didn't like having to read them aloud to the class. He felt like he always stumbled over his words. He practiced at home so he was ready when he had do it in class. The day of the oral report he was confident because he had practiced.
Abigail was a barista at a coffee shop. Many of her customers were regulars. One of her regular customers liked Abigail's work ethic. She asked Abigail if she wanted a better job. Abigail started working with the customer at an office.
John was taking a nap. When he was woken up by a bright blue light. John looked out the window at the source of the light. John saw an ambulance outside with the lights flashing. John went outside to see if he could help.
Brandon was running fast. He was trying to get away from the stranger chasing him. The stranger caught up with Brandon and made him tumble down. He attacked him with a stick. Brandon was left in an alley.
Susie really needed a haircut. She was tired of having to cut her own hair. So she went to the salon. When she got back she was amazed. They did a wonderful job on it.
Bob loved nature. He was in Costa Rica taking a nature tour. He saw a beautiful toucan in the trees. He took dozens of photos of it. Of all the creatures he saw, the toucan was his favorite!
Steve started hanging out with some older kids from school. They hung out after school and picked on smaller kids. One day, they decided to get some cigarettes. They tried smoking, but Steve got sick to his stomach. Once he felt better, he decided to seek out some new pals.
Marc made a blog post on a website that wasn't received very well. The community of the blog was very upset when he posted. The community backlash was very large so he tried to correct it. The original post was already screenshotted so people still saw. Marc ended up leaving the community because of his post.
Danny's mom told him that the food was finished. He quickly prepared a place. Since we was hungry, he didn't notice how hot the food was. After taking a bite, he spit the food out. It burned his tongue.
Kyle wanted to buy a yacht. He had recently gotten a promotion at work He figured it would be a good time to do so. Shortly after he bought one his company went under. He had to sell it to make ends meet.
Cliff was working at a gym. There was a gym goer who would constantly bring in food. Cliff had warned him several times about the rules. The patron came in again eating a sandwich on the machines. Cliff finally kicked the man out of the gym.
Matthew never cheated in school. One day, he forgot to study for a test. He cheated to ensure he would pass. The teacher found out and called his parents. Matthew was punished and he learned to never cheat again.
Dave went to a coffee shop. He ordered decaf coffee with no sugar. The waitress accidentally brought him decaf with sugar. She came by and asked if everything was okay. Dave lied and said it was so she wouldn't feel bad.
Cam decided that he should be the king of his street. He went to the top of his house and proclaimed everything his. When the mailman came, he told him to address him as the King. The mailman said that if he did, they he couldn't get any letters. Cam decided that he did not need to be king anymore.
Cal was driving to a dentist appointment. He hadn't been to the place before. He left earlier than he would have otherwise. Cal had to slow down to read road signs. He made his appointment on time.
Christina was 4 years old and loved to dance more than anything. She danced around the house all day long. Her mother decided it was time to enroll her in dance classes. Christina got a pretty new outfit and always looked forward to class. Within months she became one of the best dancers in her town.
Chad was experiencing a very bad toothache. Chad decided it was time to see the dentist. At the dentist office, he gave Chad some bad news. Chad would have to get his tooth pulled. Chad was upset that he would have to get the tooth pulled.
One day I noticed I had picked up several unwanted pounds. I devised a plan to shed the excess weight. The plan included eating Green Smoothies for breakfast and dinner. I also ate a big lunch then walked for thirty minutes daily. I lost a total of nine pounds over a ten day period.
Sarah loves Disney World. She decided to save for a trip. She eventually saved enough money to afford the trip. She had an amazing vacation! Now she's sad that it's over.
Todd was tired of his boring office job. He decided to quit to pursue his dream of being a guitarist. Todd reached out to many local music venues. He eventually became very popular with his live performances. Todd traveled all over the world on tour.
Lars Broke his shovel while removing snow. He went to the store to buy a new shovel. There was a snowblower on sale next to the shovels. His back hurt from shoveling. Lars bought the snow blower instead of a shovel.
Jason writes for one hour every days. He has done this for 300 days now and has many pages. Jason revises his writing into a book. Jason sends the book to publishers. One publisher buys the book from Jason
He snuffed his cigarette into a soda can. He gave me a sad look. I looked up from my phone. I sensed he wanted to tell me something. He said he was really depressed.
Timothy loved to play on his bagpipes. He played them so much that he became very good at them. He played for his friends and family every day. One day, he received a phone call from the president. Then, Timothy was able to play his bagpipes for the president.
Tom started to read a new book. It was a horror novel. Tom got really into it. After a while it started to really freak him out. Tom finished it fast and was scared for weeks.
Terry wanted to watch the football game. He checked his channels. Terry wasn't able to watch the game on his television. Terry went to the local bar. He watched the game there.
Matt took out the milk from the fridge. He opened the cap and placed his lips on the top. His mom caught him drinking the milk. She grabbed the carton and pulled it away. She also slapped Matt in the face.
The horse showed up to our house. It was brown and white. No one knew where it came from. She was broken and let us ride here. We adopted her and named her Claire.
Jack had been eyeing a prize in his teacher's prize box all year. But Bill earned a trip to the prize box first. Bill picked the prize he knew Jack had wanted! When Bill saw how sad Jack looked, he felt guilty. Bill felt much better after he decided to give Jack the prize.
Andrea had had a bad night at home with her mom. The next day at school she came in drunk. Everyone was worried and debating telling on her. Finally a friend did call her mom. Andrea was able to get the help she needed.
Jay needed to call home. However his phone broke. He wanted to talk to his mom so badly. Tim decided to buy Jay a phone. After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted.
June couldn't understand her latest college assignment. She didn't know where to turn for help. June happened to see an ad for the library's tutoring program. When she got there, the tutors were very helpful. June passed her next test with flying colors!
Jim decided he needed to lose some weight. He bought vegetables from the grocery store and made salad. However, the salad didn't taste very good. So he next tried going to a farmers market. Jim eventually lost weight with the higher quality vegetables.
Pat was at a race. He wanted to win badly. He ran until he fell and hurt his knee. Pat decided to hop on one leg to finish. The entire crowd was impressed with his perseverance.
Amy and her brother made friends with a man who moved next door. The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds. When they told their parents, they were forbidden to visit the man. One day, the sound of the birds stopped. Feeling ostracized, the man had moved away.
Coral ran along the mountain path. She was enjoying her morning run. Up ahead, she saw some dogs barking at something in the trees. She saw a large moose emerge from the trees. She turned around and ran the other way.
Stella was born to be the prettiest girl in the room. She would pretend to be a model walking the catwalk while growing up. At the age of 15 she won her first contest as a teen beauty singer. She grew up to perform and become a beauty queen 55 times. At the age of 55 she was still considered a beauty queen and a legend.
Tonya wanted to travel and see the world. Traveling out of the country was too expensive for Tonya. Tonya started working extra hours to make money. Tonya's extra money was deposited in a savings account. After a few years Tonya traveled to France with her savings.
Spencer finally closed on his house. He packed up his stuff. He put it in the trailer. He left his city. He moved in without a hitch.
I knew a man who was good at chess. He would play at the park every day. I watched him play another guy. They both looked very focus. The man I knew won the game.
Petula wanted nothing more than to take a trip downtown. She had heard many great things about the buildings and lights there. She wanted to get there and forget about her worries. When she arrived, Petula was very excited. She burst into song, as she found it exactly as she hoped.
I bought a new computer. I decided it was too boring. I went to the store. I bought a package of stickers. I applied them all over the case.
My wife is retiring this week. She worked at one company for 18 years. A coworker took a photo of my wife. The coworker said she is taping the photo on a chair. That will remind her of my wife.
Allie bought a case for her iPad. She really liked it. But unfortunately the case did not fit. It ended up breaking. She had to buy another one but at least she got it free.
When I lived up north, I loved springtime a lot. I used to sing as the ice was melting. I'd jump over puddles of water with ease and glee. But since I went south springtime has lost its charm. And I miss those times when everything felt alive again.
Lori bought a new bag last week. She had been saving up for a while to get it. She took it out to brunch with friends. When they got there two other women had the same bag. Lori pretended it was funny but was torn up inside.
I saw a girl with a strange hat yesterday. It was a large yellow hat with a brown band. I thought it looked like the hat from Curious George. I took a picture and sent it to my friends. They laughed and said that they also thought it looked weird.
Beth wanted to have a girls night. She invited all of her friends. They decided to play Truth or Dare. Beth was dared to prank call her crush. When she hung up, the girls all laughed until they cried.
I watched the olympics on television yesterday. There are some very talented people. I watched the men's gymnastics tournament. I could not believe how flexible they are. The USA team won.
Julie was a mean girl. Nobody liked her but they always gave in to her. The new girl, Ann, didn't let Julie bully her. Ann was worse than Julie. Julie wasn't a mean girl anymore.
The cat smelled the scent of a female cat. It was mating season. He followed the female cat's scent. He found the cat. The two mated.
Jake always wanted to play the role of Hamlet in a staged play. He was already making a living as a professional stage actor. After a twenty-year career, he had never been able to play Hamlet. Jake decided to fund his own production. The reviews of his Hamlet performance were mixed.
Ike went down to the playground. There he saw a group of kids playing basketball. Ike walked over and asked if he could join them. They shrugged and acquiesced. Ike had a great time playing basketball with them!
Danny was a nerdy man who worked at the FBI. He was in charge of listening to phone calls from suspected spies. Danny heard a conversation about a bombing. He rushed to tell his boss. Thanks to Danny the bombing was stopped just in time.
Tom was an actor. He had to do a cartwheel in one scene of the movie. The director did not like the cartwheel that Tom did. Tom had to do cartwheels all day until the director was happy. Tom went home with a backache.
Owen got a trampoline for his birthday. He was so excited to play with it. So he asked his uncles to come over and use it with him. He asked that they popcorn him so high in the air. They gladly obliged, and he had so much fun.
Jon finished dinner at his favorite restaurant when his check came. He was very impressed with how nice his server was. He wanted to do more than leave a good tip. He left a large tip and told the manager about his superior service. In response the the manager decided to give the server a pay raise.
I went to the gym to lift some weights. I saw a pretty girl working out. I decided that I would impress her. I struggled to lift twice as much as I normally would have. I learned that I should never try and lift more than I am able to.
Tim and his friends were going hang gliding. Tim was very tense and nervous. But as he jumped from the plane, his tension dissipated. He felt ease and sheer joy. Tim realized that he absolutely loved hang gliding!
Gina's librarian handed her the books they ordered for her. Gina decided to look them over to be sure they were what she needed. She found a table and began to inspect the books. Gina was worried when the first book was mostly pictures. She needed books that contained facts, not photo's.
David fell off a swing at the playground. His mom quickly took him to the hospital. The doctor said that he broke his arm. David was upset that he wouldn't be able to play for a while. The doctor gave him a cool blue cast and made him feel better.
John was fixing a shingle on the roof. He put a ladder up against the house. John began to climb up the ladder. His dog ran into the ladder. The ladder shook and John fell.
Kelly was only four years old. She took a bite of an apple one day. When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it. She was both happy and scared at the same time. She went and told her parents.
Chad was driving down the road. He was in the wrong lane. There was another car coming toward him. There was a crash. He died at a young age.
Jenna had a phobia of snakes. She was walking home from class one evening. All of sudden she saw movement in the grass. Jenna screamed in terror. A snake crawled within a few feet of her.
Doug always wanted to go bungee jumping. When he went travelling, it was the first thing he looked to do. When he got to the edge, he panicked. It took him 20 minutes before he actually jumped. When he had finished, he wanted to do it again straight away.
Every year around thanksgiving there is a feast. It is at this farm and they hold it in their barn. There is turkey and all the fixings. They talk about their crops for the year and the recipes they create. Everyone enjoys the food and company of everyone around.
Gina's crush Jamie needed someone to open the door for him. It was hard to hold his crutch and open the door at the same time. She wanted to be at the door today to open it for him. Just as he approached she grabbed and opened the door. As she did he smiled at her, and her heart melted.
Amy and Judy were having lunch when Erin approached them. Amy no longer liked Erin but pretended to she did. Erin went on and on about making amends for talking behind her back. Amy let her talk waiting to hear if she actually had anything to say. Amy was relieved when lunch ended and she no longer had to play nice.
Christopher Roney was a rapper from Philadelphia. He went by the stage name Cool-C. In the late eighties, his music filled the airwaves. In the early nineties, he robbed a bank and killed a cop. Cool C is now on Pennsylvania's death row.
Mike is trying to increase his muscle mass. He bought these protein supplements. However, they taste awful. Mike threw them out after a week. It just was not worth it to him.
Sam is freaking out before his wedding to Diana. The thought of being with one woman is freaking the womanizer out. So his fiancee gives him 24 hours to have one last fling. When the 24 hours is up he confesses that he couldn't do it. He realizes Diane is the only woman he ever wants to be with again.
Ryan had been looking for a job. He had put out a lot of resumes. Finally he got a call back. He didn't even have to go in for an interview. He got hired on the spot.
Susie wanted to add to her collection. So she decided to go ahead and buy some gold. She was not sure if it would be too expensive. But thankfully the price had gone down. So Susie loaded up.
Albert was a lead singer in a band. His band decided to try playing a new type of music. The audience did not like the new music. The crowd jeered and hissed during the songs. Albert's band went back to playing their old music.
Jake was always bored after coming home from work. He realized he didn't have any hobbies. He searched the internet and found a photography class. Jake became passionate about photography and made many friends. Now Jake is entertained after work.
Tony was attending his brother's wedding. His girlfriend broke up with him and he was dateless. Tony met an old girlfriend at the grocery store. She agreed to go with him to the wedding. Tony and his ex had a great time at the celebration.
Peter went to the store to buy some peppers. He wanted to buy his mother some peppers to make for dinner. The store's peppers were really expensive. Peter was mad that he had to pay all that money. Next time Peter says he'll grow his own peppers.
Parth was chosen to read books on tape because of his voice. While listening, many people were distracted by Parth's accent. They wondered where he could possibly be from. One man listened so intensely that he drove off the road. Parth vowed never to record books on tape again.
Matt had hired Jen to work at his shop. Jen was a dependable worker who worked hard. Matt kept hiring more and more people. The other workers got more hours. Matt lost his best worker when Jen quit for a better job.
Alicia wanted to try some Okra. She bought some frozen from the store. But when she popped it in her mouth she thought it was gross. The consistency was slimy. Alicia never wanted to try it again.
Evan wanted to stop biting her nails. So she bought some acrylic nails. She put them on over her real nails and painted them. When she went to bite her nails absently, she encountered acrylic! Evan was finally able to stop absentmindedly biting her nails!
Ryan hit a wall with his workouts. All he would do is lift weights and he grew bored with that. Someone suggested he try kettle ball workouts. Ryan bought a few kettlebells and gave it a shot. He loves it and now gets to work out his muscles in a different way.
Kelly suspected her husband was having troubles. She found drugs in his car. She told him he must go to rehab. Her husband checked in the next day. Kelly hoped he would kick his drug habit.
Janice and Mark decided to go to her parent's for dinner. So they both got dressed in their nice clothes. They went out to the car, started it up, and took off for her parent's. Thirty-two minutes later they arrived. They went into her parent's home and had a fine dinner.
Xavier is a big fan of superhero movies. He was very excited when The Avengers: Age of Ultron came out. However, he was very disappointed by it. It was not the movie he expected it to be. But that won't stop him in the future.
Sadie was in class when Rebecca announced that her pen was missing. She immediately accused Sadie of stealing the pen out of jealousy. Sadie insisted that she hadn't taken it. The teacher checked her bag and confirmed that the pen wasn't there. Sadie decided she would never talk to Rebecca again.
Laney was doing a bunch of chores around the house. She noticed that her fish tank looked extremely grimey and dirty. To clean it, she needed to find somewhere to put the fish. At first she couldn't find anything, but then she found a bowl. The bowl was good enough and she was able to clean the tank.
I got fed up of having too much work on my plate at my job. I gave my two week notice and three weeks ago was my last day. I ran into a former co-worker today who was excited to see me. She said my job had been split up among two people. Nevermind that I told my boss that's what needed to be done.
Kim locked her keys in her car. She had to call a friend for help. The friend drove her to her house. Kim went in through the window and got her spare keys. The friend drove her back to the car.
Tom had a job interview. He didn't have any nice clothes to wear. His family helped to buy him a new suit jacket. It was big and ill fitting. It gave Tom the courage he needed to get the job, though.
Sam's father asked him to help move boxes from the attic. Sam was reluctant to help. But he had trouble saying no. After going up and down the attic, Sam began to feel weak. When he went to bed that night, his throat felt sore.
Susanna didn't appear to age. At 57 she looked even more beautiful than she had at 37. The interviewer asked Susanna what her secret was. Susanna flashed him a big grin and winked. She said her secret was daily moisturizers.
I was at school running to get to class. Suddenly, my jeans ripped. I did not have money for new jeans. When I got home, I decided to simply sew the hole in my jeans. The jeans held together better than ever before.
John hated going to funerals. His grandmother had recently passed. John decided not to go to the funeral. His family was very disappointed in his decision. John didn't care and stayed home.
The Bradley family looked forward to going to the beach all summer. The day finally came where they could take the family trip. They packed their bags and drove a long way to the beach. They were anxious to get there. the Bradley family were saddened to arrive and find the beach closed.
Jimmy decided to go check the time. He realized his clock is broken. He decided to get a new clock. He went to the store and bought a grandfather clock. It worked perfectly!
Samuel parked his car downtown. He did not put money in the meter. When he got back to his car he had a ticket. He mailed a payment into the court too late. The court added fifty dollars to his ticket cost.
I poured a glass of wine today. It was gross. But I wanted to relax. So I still sipped. But I blocked the taste out.
Kate needed a new hat. She decided to make her own. She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial. She worked all night sewing her new hat. At work, everyone complimented her unique hat.
Nancy is a teenage girl. Nancy heard her favorite idol was coming to town. She heard he was to ride in a parade. Nancy cheered on her favorite idol as he rode through the parade. Nancy went home and never will forget that day.
Ben was excited to get baptized. He went to the preacher to ask. He was the only one to get baptized that day. He went under the water. He wanted to show people he was a Christ follower.
When we were on vacation, my brother and I were playing catch. We were throwing the ball back and forth. My sister then said something, so I turned to pay attention to her. My brother didn't realize I wasn't looking, and hit me in the head. It hurt really bad and I had to put ice on it.
Chad had always wanted to go to Yellowstone. He had convinced his family to go there for their summer vacation. He was far more excited than the rest of the family. They drove 12 hours to the National Park. Once they were there everyone had a great time.
Jason came up with a good idea, to make money in Vegas. He researched how to win at craps. He searched all over town for a pair of dice. He practiced all the time, he even practiced at work on break. A guard saw Jason pitching dice and reported him for gambling.
Three kids started a game. They decided to play hide and seek. One kid hid. The other kids looked. They found her.
It was time to get my flu shot. I was afraid of the needle. As I stepped into the doctor's office, I felt tense. The doctor got my shot ready. I ended up being surprised at how painless it was.
Wanda had just found out her parents were having a new baby. She was angry and afraid she'd be forgotten. She certainly didn't want anything to do with the new baby! But when her mom brought the tiny girl home, Wanda relented. She realized how eager she was to be a big sister!
Casey found an injured puppy on the sidewalk. Concerned for the puppy, she took it to the vet. The vet said that if she hadn't taken the puppy it would have died. The vet healed the puppy. Casey decided to adopt the puppy and give it a loving home.
Our neighbors across the hall moved out recently. A single woman moved in. Soon we started to smell incense coming from across the hall. I did not mind it but my wife was not amused. Soon she stopped burning incense, although we had not complained.
Kristy always loved to dance so her mom enrolled her in a class. She practiced hard to learn her dance for her first recital. On the day of the recital, Kristy was so nervous. She stepped out on the stage and remembered the whole dance! The audience applauded loudly for her and she was so proud!
Perry tried to drive to a local festival. Since there was a lot of traffic on the way, he took different routes. However, he became lost. After an hour, he decided to go home. His gas completely ran out.
Bob took me to the skateboarding ring. We put on our skates and joined the skating ring. I struggled to move since I've never skated before. I ended up falling. However, Bob picked me up.
The dog sat looking up at her. She whined knowingly, wanting attention. The woman looked down and smiled. She petted the dog on the ear. She told her she would take her out soon.
Tim needed some cash. There was a dance contest with a large first prize. Tim wasn't a very good dancer. He decided to join anyway. Tim didn't win and wasted time.
Hal really liked to work on his car. Hal often worked overtime at work in order to have spending money. Hal put new tires and new rims on his car. Hal took his car out on the weekend. Hal got many compliments on his car.
Jasper noticed that after a day of hard work his feet always hurt. He asked advice of his coworkers, but they had no suggestion. Finally he decided he might need a new pair of shoes. After his first day at work wearing his new shoes, Jasper felt great. Jasper only wished he had bought new shoes Years ago.
Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend. When he looked in the pantry, he noticed there was no syrup left. He sadly told his girlfriend about the syrup shortage. Darren's girlfriend assured him it was okay. They agreed to put fresh fruit on their pancakes instead.
Tom found an ugly stray dog. He felt bad for it and gave it a bit of food. The dog loved Tom almost immediately. Tom took it home and tried cleaning it up a bit. He kept that dog for over a decade.
Rocky decided to join the Marines. At boot camp he exercised hard every day. Rocky also ate healthier food than he did back home. As a result, Rocky lost a lot of weight at boot camp. When he went back home, many friends didn't recognize him.
Jen approached her mom. She told her mom that she was pregnant with a stranger. Her mom immediately slapped her. She also tried to call her husband. Jen eventually told her that she was joking.
Jim needed to make money. He wanted to have the things he could not afford. He stayed up late every night working. The extra money he made working so hard payed off. He was able to invest and is now a very wealthy man.
Josh was surfing at the beach. Josh fell off the surfboard. The board flew up into the air. It crashed into the air and was broken under the waves. Josh picked up the pieces and went home.
Nancy had to work in the school daycare for a class credit. Most kids made fun of the teenaged mothers all the time. Nancy was sure that the girls must be rude and promiscuous. She was surprised to find that all of them were really nice. From then on, she never made fun of people like that.
Ali was in the third grade. She got along with everyone in her class. Ali found out a girl in another class hated her. Ali was confused because she had never met the girl. Ali decided she would find out who this girl was at lunch.
Tom was a bit of a slob. He would just throw his clothes on the floor. Eventually he built up three piles. All for different variations of dirty. Tom would still wear clothes from the cleaner pile.
Our first child was a little boy. He was born via C-Section. This caused him some minor health issues in the hospital. He had to stay in the NICU before being allowed to come home. He is home now.
For a long time I have desired going to South America. One year my church decided to take a mission trip to Peru. I learned that they were past the deadline for accepting participants. I quickly emailed my pastor to ask if I could go. Fortunately there was a spot open and the next March I went to Peru!
Tom had very little money. He wanted to go on a date with a girl. He thought of a cheap version of dinner and a movie. He offered to cook her dinner and watch a movie on Netflix. She reluctantly agreed to his offer.
Tom's grandfather built a log cabin. Tom went to it often as a child. Eventually Tom's grandfather died. He left a will giving his log cabin to Tom. Tom kept it his entire life.
Jenny was getting ready to move. She had tons of stuff she couldn't haul and could use some cash. She decided to host a garage sale. It was slow, but she managed to gather up a nice chunk of money. The money helped her afford gas and she had a fresh start.
Pip's mom made a big bowl of popcorn for the family. He salted it and bought it to the table for everyone to share. What he didn't realize is that his mom had already put salt on it. His dad had put salt on it too. It was so salty that they couldn't eat it.
Jacob is excited to see the world. He decides Japan would be the perfect place to visit. He boards the plane and is nervous about the flight. He finally lands in Japan and taken back by the beauty. Jacob has the trip of a lifetime in Japan.
Jim wanted to visit family in his hometown. He'd always made plans in the past, only to have them fall through. He made plans once again, hoping this time would be different. The morning of the flight, Jim's wife fell ill. Jim stayed home to care for her, making plans for his next attempt.
Tina went to the store with her mother. She noticed they had candy on display. Tina really wanted to have some. But her mother said no. So Tina ended up having a tantrum in the store.
Tia was learning to budget her money. She sat down to make her grocery list. She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons. Tia used her strategy to save lots of cash at the store. She was getting really good at budgeting!
Zach always won at Monopoly. Rick said he could beat Zach. We organized a Monopoly game Saturday night. Zach was winning. Then Rick caught Zach cheating.
The old man lived across the street. He came over to introduce himself every day. I found out he had Alzheimer's disease. I was patient and reintroduced myself in return. I went for a walk around the block with him.
Tom didn't have a toaster. He only had a toaster oven. He tried to make buttered toast. He didn't time it right. Tom wound up burning his toast.
Tom was having a hard time. He was struggling at work and home. His wife wanted a divorce. His boss was on the verge of firing him. Tom had a mental breakdown because of it.
Tim was using an old computer. It was very slow. He waited for everything to load. He decided to reformat the hard drive to see if it helped. After that the computer was very fast.
John has had trouble sleeping all week. Tonight, he finally manages to sleep but is having nightmare. He dreams that he misses a project deadline. He wakes up in a sweat thinking that he missed a deadline. He realizes he's dreaming and goes back to a peaceful sleep.
John was looking forward to his day off. He planned to relax all day. Unfortunately his wife had a different idea. She had a list of chores for him to do. John reluctantly agreed to do them.
Nate felt hopeless in life. He was a farmer who made meager earnings. After doing some research, he got some ideas. He decided to sell his fresh fruit to a local market. He made huge profits and became wealthy.
Al went to a ball game with Peter. They had seats in the outfield behind the fence. One of the players hit a homerun. Al leaped up and caught the ball. Al was excited about his souvenir.
Tim was always easily scared. He did not like being like that. He decided to enroll in boot camp. Tim worked very hard in boot camp. After that nothing scared him again.
Linda worked at a restaurant. But she was only a dishwasher. She wanted to become a chef. But couldn't pay for culinary school. For the next 7 years, Linda's job made her more and more depressed.
It was almost time for Jodi's birthday. She had been hinting to her boyfriend about a new car. Jodi's birth comes and her boyfriend only gets her a gift card. He later takes her out to dinner that night. When they return in the driveway is a brand new car for Jodi.
Fred had always wanted to learn to tap dance. His friends encouraged him to take a dancing class. Fred practiced diligently every day. Finally he was an expert tap dancer. Fred is very happy he learned to dance.
Tom placed a lot of value on his health. Tom visited a health food store. Tom saw live wheat-grass for sale. Tom bought it. Tom learned he enjoyed chewing the raw wheat-grass like gum.
I was eating candy by a large oak tree in the park. It was so relaxing that I fell asleep. Two weeks later, I couldn't find the tree. I looked everywhere, but all the trees looked the same. I finally found my tree when I saw my candy wrapper next to it.
I checked my wallet. All of the money and my credit cards were gone. I went to see the only person I came into contact with that day. Since we knew each other for a few days, I became suspicious. He admitted that he tried to steal all of my money to pay his bills.
Gina was stuck in traffic and hoping it would pick up. Just then the cars began to move and hope returned. Then she saw a bus moving on to the shoulder. traffic hadn't moved as much as she hoped. It had just moved enough to fill in the space of the bus.
Terrance's father left him and his mother. Terrance went on to live a life of crime. One evening he was out and needed money for stuff. He stole a woman's purse and ran off with it. The police caught him and took him to jail.
I love to knit in my spare time as I find it relaxing. I have many friends that are having babies and I need to get gifts. I found out that I can knit baby blankets fairly quickly. So I went to the store and bought a bunch of yarn. Now I am busy making baby blankets that are a perfect gift.
Jessica's dog was absolutely terrified of storms. There was nothing she could do to calm him down. She read that lavender is really soothing to dogs. During the next storm she put a few drops on his blanket and collar. To her surprise, he didn't seem nearly as stressed as usual.
Ken was very hungry. He was sick of chicken. He went to the burger joint. He tried the olive and bubble gum burger. It tasted so good that it was his new favorite meal!
Gina was a huge anime fan. Every Halloween she dressed up as some anime character. No one had ever heard of the characters she dressed up as though. One year she dressed as a fake anime character she made up. No one realized her character was fake.
Rick was ordering household items on Amazon. But he wanted to spend as little money as possible. So he spend hours and hours comparing prices. Rick began to get impatient. And he spent way more money that wanted.
Emily's razor was a little dull. She didn't feel like buying a new one yet. She decided to just shave with the dull one. Then she saw that she'd gotten a terrible rash! Emily wished she had bought a fresh razor!
Tom was an alcoholic. He was desperate for a drink. There was nothing left except for an old beer bottle. It had been open for days. Tom chugged it anyway.
When Charles was still a toddler, his parents separated. His mother hated his father. His mother got a new boyfriend who didn't like Charles, the baby. He threw Charles into the deep end of a swimming pool to die. Charles survived, his mother made her boyfriend dive after her baby.
Jerry was on a skiing trip with friends. Jerry and a few of his buddies were headed out that day. The came upon a very risky ski trail. Jerry decided he wanted to try it. Jerry had a bad accident on the trail and broke his leg while skiing.
Naomi wanted to go swimming. She bought a swimsuit, but it shrunk in the wash. She went to buy a new one, but the store ran out of her size. She tried a different store, but it was too expensive. Naomi decided to stay home and watch TV instead.
Every Christmas, Clark and Ellen had a party. Their children, along with many other relatives would attend. One Christmas, their cousin arrived unexpectedly. Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing. The family was happy and it was the best party ever.
Peggys computer was perpetually slow. She was sick of it so she brought it into a shop. The shop owner offered to destroy all of the viruses. He tinkered with it for quite awhile before returning it. To Peggy's delight the computer was much quicker.
Lala worked hard and came home late at night too tired to even rest. Her man was unemployed and although times were hard she loved him. One night she come home with aching pain that she could not stop. She laid down and before she asked he started a massage. She felt better and was reminded why she loved this man so much.
The Wilsons got together every year to decorate the Christmas tree. This year, Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree. He and his sons tied the tree to the top of the car. The front door of their house was smaller than they realized. Pa Wilson and his sons struggled to get the tree in the house.
Last month I bought a desktop Christmas tree. I had one a year ago but I could not find it. I ordered my tree on amazon. It was 3" tall and took power from the computer. I was pleased with the tree, which changes colors constantly.
Rob had a morning interview. He dressed up in a formal attire and quickly drove to the place. On the way there, a woman was rushing by crossing several lanes. She didn't notice rob's car and crashed into it. Rob missed his interview since he had to wait for a police report.
I used to own a guinea pig when i was in grade school. I started having only one guinea pig. Then i realized she need a companion so she won't get sad. So i brought one male guinea pig. Until they multiplied and now i have eight guinea pigs.
Caroline was very happy with her white wedding dress. She loved twirling in it and showing it around. Her friend asked her to come outside for a picture. She agreed and walked on the grass. When she came back home, the bottom of her dress was now green.
Mary was at the beach with her family. At one point, the ocean pulled back hundreds of feet from the beach. Mary remembered reading in a book that this was a sign of a big wave. She yelled, screamed, and was able to get everyone off of the beach. Sure enough a rogue 30 foot wave crashed into the beach soon after.
The Locke family decided to see a movie. The mother and father drove their son to the movies. On the way in the door they were robbed by a man with a knife. The father pulls out a concealed pistol. The robber fled and the family's money was saved.
Remy was staying with his friends parents. He wasn't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in. One day, they caught him in the act. They were fed up and kicked him out. Remy left and tried to find a new place to live.
Tom told Jenny a secret. He asked her not to tell anyone. Jenny thought about not telling anyone. Jenny decided to tell people. Tom became upset with Jenny.
I had a refrigerator full of leftover food. I was hungry but didn't want to eat any of the leftovers that I had. I decided that I would make a soup of them. I poured a broth into a pot and added the leftover food as well. I was happy to eat all the leftover food.
Josh wanted nothing more than world peace. He decided to become an advocate of world peace. He went around the world to conferences and spoke about peace. Eventually, people listened to him and he gathered a following. Josh became a world leader of peace.
I was first on the leaderboard in a game I was playing. A competitor was trying to oust me from my first place spot. We competed furiously in the game, each trying to outdo the other. Eventually, I was unable to maintain my first spot. He got 1 more point than I did, and claimed the first spot.
To honor our cousin that passed away, everyone got together. We talked about our favorite memories and bad ones as well. I mentioned the fact that she always had a positive attitude. In addition, we stayed up all night. Everyone left after 6 o'clock in the morning.
Mommy fell asleep nursing the baby. The baby crawled off the bed. The baby seemed to be ok, but had a knot on his forehead. I took the baby to the Emergency Room. The doctor said he was perfectly fine.
Luis was licking a lollipop. He lost his grip and it fell onto the sidewalk. Luis picked it up and kept licking. He winced as he got a mouthful of dirt and grime. He shrugged and kept licking anyway.
The very first day of college was both nerve wracking and exciting. The moment I stepped foot on campus I made a ton of friends. One of my favorite spots to chill at was the quad. The quad was amazing because it was so peaceful. I will never forget my first day on campus.
Jaina is an adorable little girl. She took her first steps today. After she walked a few feet, she fell down. The shock of falling on her butt caused her to start crying. Mommy was able to calm her down, and Jaina is happy again.
There had been a rash of burglaries in Claude's neighborhood. Claude no longer felt safe at home. He began looking in ads for a new apartment. Claude found an apartment within his price range. He moved into the new apartment.
Gina wanted the new boy to see her angry face. But he wouldn't look her way. She wanted her friend Tami to throw an eraser at him. That way he would turn and see her. But Tami refused because she didn't want to get in trouble.
After my husband left, I didn't know how to mow the lawn. I ended up trying to but breaking the lawn mower. I called around to get quotes. Everyone wanted a long term expensive contract. Finally I found someone to do it cheaply.
I went to my friend's house. We hung out for a while and then I got a text to come home. I left my friends house and began walking home. I noticed I forgot my phone so I ran back to my friend's house. Right as I got to his house, I realized I had my phone in my pocket.
Kate loved lattes. She went to the same coffee shop every morning for her daily latte. After awhile, though, lattes started to get boring. Since she had gotten to know the barista, she was in luck. The barista invented a special cinnamon latte just for her.
Tom was morbidly obese. He was starting to have health issues. His doctor told him he had to lose weight. Tom was too weak to actually do it. He died sooner than he had to.
Blake needed new running shoes. He told his mom. She went shopping for him. She bought him the ugliest running shoes ever. Blake decided to always do his own shopping.
Larry was on a cruise with his family. He was watching the sunset with his wife. All of a sudden it started to rain. The captain ordered them to head inside. It rained throughout the entire night.
Cassie has a final exam in the morning. She got so nervous she decided to go for a run. When she went into class, she felt relaxed. Her teacher passed out the exams, and Cassie was ready. Cassie knew all the answers and passed.
Dallas was excited for his birthday. He was going to turn 21. His friends decided to take him out to a bar. He drank too much. Dallas woke up very hung over.
Jill woke up one day to see a huge fence next to her house. She panicked and went outside. There, she talked to her neighbor and asked what was going on. The neighbor wanted privacy and had erected the fence overnight. As it was intruding on her property, Jill sued him in court and won.
Monica was really late for her date. She was going to stop to put gas but there was a long line. She thought she could make it. She didn't and stalled out near the restaurant. Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again.
The cop pulled over the man. The man pulled out a gun. The cop took cover. The man shot at the cop. The cop was able to wait until he ran out of bullets.
Harry had to wash several pieces of white clothes. He put the load of the clothes into the washer and started the load. When the clothes were done, Harry noticed they were all pink. He checked the pile and found a small red sock. Harry rewashed the clothes with bleach.
Tom had an old neighbor. She would always play her television loud. She was bad of hearing. After a while Tom stopped hearing the loud tv. He later found out she had passed away.
Judy had been asked out to the school dance. She had no money so she needed to make a dress. She decided to change up an old Halloween costume. With just a few alterations she had a cute pink dress. Everyone at the dance complimented her great look.
Sam had a favorite shirt. He got a stain on it. Sam thought he was able to clean it out. When he wore it to a club it came out in a black light. Sam was embarrassed and went home.
Anne's dog wouldn't stop yapping. She took her purse and smacked it with it. A kindhearted animal lover nearby saw what Anne did. She called animal control on her. They came and took away Anne's dog.
I went on a road trip with my friends. We packed the car full of snacks. Then, we headed off! We made a lot of memories on that trip. It was unforgettable.
Johnny had a drinking problem. He began to spend all his time at the bar. His work finally began to suffer. Johnny began to miss days at work. Eventually, Johnny lost his job.
Jenny had nine kids. And at a pizza place, she got a free pizza for each child's birthday. But one day, Jenny felt embarrassed for getting free pizza. And she decided to buy the pizza instead. But when she ran into financial problems, she regret it.
Amy wanted to plant watermelon in her garden. She cleared the land in her backyard for her garden. Amy planted the watermelon along with other seeds. In spite of her hard work and diligence the watermelon failed to grow. Amy was sad her crop failed.
Bob got the flu. He laid in bed for a week. His wife started getting tired of taking care of him. She made his life more difficult. Bob decided he was well enough to go to work.
Evan was late again. His girlfriend was waiting for him for two hours when he showed up. She told him that if he didn't change his behavior she'd leave. Evan, afraid, went to the store and bought a new smartwatch. He programmed it and never was late again.
Tim's family got a new chair. Everyone sat on it but Tim. It was very comfy. Tim had a plan. He waited until everyone slept and he finally sat in the chair.
We found a bike for Char. She wanted to ride it right away. But the tire was flat. So we went and filled it up. She then was so excited to finally ride it.
My sixteen year old daughter told me she wanted a tattoo. I knew she wouldn't take a simple no for an answer. I told her I have one answer to sex, tattoos and piercings. This got her attention and she asked what it was. I answered there is no getting poked until after she graduated!
My friend Jacob bought a new cat last week. I went to visit him and to see his new kitty. We hung out and talked about his awesome new pet. I told him how jealous I was of his new pet, and how I wanted one too. Jacob's new cat is really cool.
Mike and his friends played football. Mike's team was losing by three points. Mike went out far for a long pass. Jonny tossed him the ball! Mike caught it and won the game!
Julie and her husband wanted children but were told they could not. Julie had been out jogging and felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. Concerned, she made an appointment to see the doctor. The doctor examined her and saw nothing wrong, so he ran a few tests. Julie was surprised to learn the test results said she was pregnant!
Tim has a big computer test tomorrow. He got so stressed, he pulled an all-nighter. He went into his class the next day, very nervous. Then all of a sudden, his teacher changed the test date. Tim was very relieved.
Deb was visiting family for the holidays. They were at dinner when Deb's job came up. Everyone asked Deb about work, and Deb got nervous. The truth was that she had been unemployed for some time. Finally, she decided to just admit it to her family.
I was using a jackhammer. But, I wasn't being careful. The jackhammer dug into my toe. I had to call an ambulance. I realized I need to be more careful about tool safety.
My grandpa always sends me packets of newspapers in the mail. They often contain weekly comic strips and other fun tidbits. As he is over ninety years old, I am impressed by his agency. I always call him to thank him for the packets. When I'm older, I will never forget his kindness and generosity.
My daughter received a new laptop to replace a broken one. A day after she got it she told me that she broke the new one. She said she tripped over the cat and it fell. I saw the cracked screen and was pretty upset. She finally told me it was a joke and just a screensaver crack.
Suzy was paying her grandmother a visit. Grandma was busy making a crochet scarf. Suzy thought it looked very interesting. She asked her grandma to teach her. Now Suzy is working on her own scarf.
Jon was bored. He decided to build a foxhole radio. It worked like a charm. Now Jon could listen to the radio! Unfortunately, he couldn't change the frequency.
Rick saw a sign for a talent show at his school. He got his two friends together to make an act. They practiced humming a popular song of the time. During the talent show they hummed the song perfectly. Rick and his friends took third place for their act.
Ellie started limping while at work. Ellie decided it was bad enough to see a doctor. The doctor told Ellie she had spurs in her feet. The doctor fixed Ellie's feet. Ellie was able to walk again without limping.
Carrie is a frequent migraine sufferer. She woke up this morning with a splitting headache. She was scheduled to work, so she tried to get up. She wasn't even able to make it to the bathroom. Carrie had no choice but to call off work.
I wanted to find out if what Danny Boy the rapper said was true. I turned on a news channel but they said nothing about Danny Boy. I signed  onto the internet but found nothing regarding Danny's rumor. I asked my friends who were fans they had not heard anything either. Now I don't believe the rumor because Danny said it was not true.
Jacky is driving her old car to work one day. Halfway to work it breaks down on her and she has to call for help. Jacky's birthday was coming up this week. Jacky pulled into the driveway after work one night. When Jackie got out her dad Surprised her with a brand new car.
Jess lived on the beach. He had been watching the weather and knew a hurricane was coming. He boarded up his house and took other precautions. Right before the hurricane, Jess decided to evacuate. He was lucky he got out when he did.
Eric tried to control everything his children watched on television. So one day, his kids turned on the tv while Eric was sleeping. They had fun watching PG-13 rated movies and shows. And they did the same thing every chance they had. But after seeing a horror movie, they wished their dad was there.
Matt loved going out at night. He loved to study the stars. One night, Matt decided he was going to show Sally stars. Sally was unimpressed by Matt that night. Sally then broke up with Matt because he was lame.
James and Carla wanted to do something fun over the weekend. They decided to try mountain biking. They rented a set of mountain bikes and were ready to start. Both enjoyed the excitement of mountain biking. James and Carla were very happy with their weekend fun.
Gary had trouble drinking enough water throughout the day. He decided to use an alarm clock to remind him to drink. The alarm clock worked. Alas, he didn't like having to go to the bathroom more often. He decided to ditch the alarm clock.
Tom was out fishing with a friend. They got into a big argument. They were in the middle of the lake. They paddled back to shore quietly. Neither spoke to each other the entire time.
I fell in the bathroom this  morning. My wife helped me up. My knee is a bit sore if I bend it. I can walk if I keep my knee straight. I think I will rest today.
Frank was hard at work. He bought a huge fish tank and he was getting it ready for a new fish! He picked out a really cool tropical fish and put it in the tank. He watched it for hours. He was very pleased with his new setup!
Lucy was newly pregnant. She was at her first doctor's appointment perusing magazines. In them, she found a coupon for a free carseat canopy. She mailed the coupon out as soon as she got home. The canopy arrived just in time for her new baby.
A young girl loved going to art class in school. But her parents told her that painting was silly. So she was not able to paint much outside of school. Though one day she moved away from her parents. She was then able to paint whatever she wanted and became famous.
Lynn had inherited a bed from her grandparents. The mattress was old, so she threw it. Lynn wanted to keep the frame, but she had a bed. Lynn took the bed frame apart. She repurposed the frame into a bench.
A man found a dog in his yard. He took it to the local shelter. It wasn't adopted in a week. The man couldn't stand to see the dog sad. He went back and adopted him himself!
John had dreamed for many Years of riding a bike. His brother told him that he would never ride a bike. However, John was determined to prove his brother wrong. He got on a bike and rode it across town. John was so happy that he had the chance to ride a bike.
Gina's parents were renting the home they lived in. They decided they wanted to purchase a home. They discussed it with the kids. Gina was tired of moving. But she knew how important this would be to her parents.
It was my birthday. I was so happy, but very cautious. It seems something always goes wrong. However, everything worked out for once. All my friends and family had a great time.
Buddy was interested in a device to keep track of his workout. The devices were all above $100 and did not seem worth it to Buddy. One day he was doing a survey on Amazon Mturk. He was offered a device from a technology university. He paid $10 and it does just what he wanted.
I went to the mall yesterday. I tried on some lip gloss. It looked pretty. Yet it burned my lips. I had to wipe it off.
One day James was driving down the road. His car started to make a loud noise. He pulled over and popped the hood. His engine was on fire. He backed away from the car and called for help.
Amy was excited about being in her school marching band. They were to march at the homecoming football game. Amy waited nervously to walk onto the field. Amy was unable to keep the pace of the band and play the song. Amy wished she had practiced more.
Ginger had very nice and long hair. But she found herself always putting it up in a bun. So on an impulse she asked her husband to cut her hair to her ears. He was hesitant at first but did it anyway. The haircut turned out very nice and now he cuts her hair every month.
One team was up by a lot of points in a bowling match. The began to take really cocky rolls to show off. The team captain took his turn without looking at the pins. His ball managed to take out 6 pins. He picked up the spare and the team was still quite ahead.
He was outside the cafe early in the morning. He liked being there but not at the moment. Somebody he knew was inside. He knew the person but did not like the person. He planned to stay outside in the cold until that person left.
Jane was finally getting married. She had been looking forward to it for months. She loved her husband and planned a big wedding. Everything went perfectly. Jane had an amazing time with unforgettable memories.
Today, Kary started a relationship with her new-boyfriend. After several months, I asked if we can hang out. We decided to meet up in person. I noticed that her stomach was unusually large. She told me that she was pregnant.
Gina had eaten with her friend Tami. And Tami had been talking to the girls who didn't like Gina. Gina decided to leave lunch early. She went outside to the playground alone. She didn't want to spend her recess with Tami and the other girls.
John buckled his seat on the biggest roller coaster at the park. John felt the huge roller coaster stop abruptly. From the top of the hill, John could see the entire amusement park. He was stuck at the top for three hours. John never went on a roller coaster again.
I was making myself a bowl of cereal. Without realizing it I put the milk in the bowl first. So when I put the cereal in the bowl, milk gotten everywhere. I had to clean up the milk inside my kitchen. When I was finish cleaning, the cereal gotten soggy.
Over the weekend Linda got stuck inside the company elevator. She had to push the emergency call button for help. Linda had to wait for over six hours before she was freed. She now is frighten to ride on any elevator alone. Linda has started to see a therapist on how to deal with the issue.
Lou's favorite show was on that night. He turned on the tv, and settled in to watch. His girlfriend wanted to watch something on a different channel. Lou and his girlfriend wanted to reach a compromise. They ended up deciding to go out to the movies instead.
Angela was the archery champ at her local archery range. She bragged about it to everyone. Then, someone new challenged her. They beat her soundly. Angela is much more humble now.
Lily refused to clean her bedroom. She assumed it was clean enough. Her parents disagreed. Lily room became so messy that she lost her favorite ring. She had no other choice but to clean her bedroom.
Andrew wanted to sail the sea with his friends. But he didn't have a boat. So he bought a small one online. It had enough room for his friends. He invited his friends and they wanted to go.
Mark was attracted to his friend Kayla. Mark found out her birthday was coming up. He decided to send her flowers. She loved the flowers very much. Kayla agreed to become Mark's girlfriend.
I needed eyes for my monster donuts. I went to the craft store but couldn't find them. I ended up ordering them online. A package of candy eyes showed up a few days later. I set them in the donuts to make them look creepy.
I began a collection of stuffed animals. All the ones I chose came from nintendo games. I bought a Toad character yesterday. I put it on the shelf next to Mario. I want to find a Luigi this week.
Vince was a lifelong vegetarian. He was curious about what meat tasted like. One day, he bought a chicken from the store. He spent all evening cooking it as best as he could. After tasting it, he decided to stick with his vegetarian ways.
Jeff is downtown with his friends. They like to race cars. Jeff challenges his friend to a race. Jeff smokes the challenger. Jeff is happy he won the race.
I learned to read when I was four. I tried to read books before by staring at the pages. I did not have any kids books like there are today. My sisters helped me read adult books. After that, I could read with no problem.
As soon as Jennifer woke up, she knew it would be a bad day. There was no coffee left for her when she went downstairs. She then missed the bus that would take her to work. Since she was late for work, her boss was mad at her. When the day ended, Jennifer hoped tomorrow would be better.
One day there was a goat in a open field. The goat always hid his face from the people. One guy finally did see the goat's face and that he only had one eye. The man ran as fast as he could to tell people. Soon everyone came to see the goat with only one eye.
Suzy was getting a new phone. When she opened it she was happy. It was everything she wanted. Suzy wanted to get something else too. So she got some Bluetooth speakers.
Julia was suspicious she was pregnant. She went to the store and bought a test. Then, she went home and did the test. She waited a few minutes. Then, she checked the test and saw that it was positive.
When I walked in the door I knew it was different. Everyone was so nice. The first girl I met walked me to my first class. She became my best friend. I have the best memories from that School.
He picked up the pencil, haltingly at first. Feeling the thin wood object in his hand, he closed his eyes. Pencils always made him feel good and he began to imagine. The first thing that popped into his mind was a baby girl. He opened his eyes and began to draw the image until it was completed.
Tom loved joking with his girlfriend. Tom was a smart guy so he used his wit to say funny things. He wanted to become closer to her but did not know how to proceed. He suddenly thought of tickling. He tickled his girlfriend and felt it brought them closer together.
Carson wanted to entertain his friends. He decided to play them a song using his fiddle. They loved his song. They asked him to play one more. Carson was glad he had entertained his friends.
Charles heard a radio station was giving away a free car. Contestants picked had to touch the car. The last one to stop touching it won. Charles was picked to try and win. He came in third and won a consolation prize.
Jordan was very unhealthy for a very long time. Finally we all managed to convince him to go on a diet. He dieted with him and he lost a lot of weight. It was very hard for Jordan but he kept going! Now Jordan is no longer unhealthy.
Juanita has never owned a smartphone. She always felt that smartphones were not necessary. However, one day, Juanita became lost in a new city. She wished she had a smartphone with a map. Juanita decided it was time to buy a smartphone.
Lynn's birthday is on February 22, so she likes the number 222. She was glad when she reached 222 books in her electronic reader. Someone said she can't buy any more or the number will change. Lynn said she will categorize the books. She can have eventually have 222 categories with 222 books in each.
Sue had a routine physical at her doctor's office. Her doctor suggested that she get a blood test to know she is healthy. Sue thought this was a good idea and agreed with her doctor. Sue went to the Blood Bank and gave blood the next week. The results came back and she is very healthy.
Helen was running through a field near her house. There was a hole in the field. Helen tripped in the hole. She fell in the mud in the field. Helen returned home covered in mud.
A friend asked Bill to watch his dog while he was gone. The dog was left at Bill's house. The dog got out of Bill's yard and disappeared. Bill's friend came back early to look for the lost dog. The dog was found in a neighbor's garage.
I taught my dog how to stand up on two legs. He howls as he does it. I usually howl back with him. However, when I took him to the dog show, he got scared. So I got on stage to perform with him.
George stole a stop sign from the end of his road. He heard a loud noise one night. A car had ran past the stop sign. The car struck another vehicle. George was guilt stricken about causing the accident.
My cousin and I were about to go on the space mountain ride at Disney. I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out. As I got in the car and put the bar close to me, I shut my eyes. The ride took off and I was freaking out. Thankfully it was over before I knew it.
My daughter was explaining to me what God was. She told me it was everyone and everything. She told me God was Love. I teared up listening to her explanation. It was a proud mommy moment.
Benjamin asked Greg for the answers. He promised Greg that he wouldn't share it. However, Benjamin's friends copied his work. The teacher realized that many people had the same homework answers. She failed everyone, including Greg.
My mother gave me the desk that belonged to her grandmother. I kept it in my basement for many years. I finally grew old enough to appreciate it. It is big and black and sturdy and surprisingly light. It is in my living room and I use it every day.
Lester had been smoking for forty Year's. He smokes six cigarettes a day, every single day. He woke up today and decided he would quit. By two o'clock he had eaten a whole pack of nicotine patches. He was successful, he now only smokes five cigarettes a day.
Rachel was doing poorly at math in school. Her teacher suggested that she seek a tutor to help. Rachel found a tutor and met with her three times a week. The end of the semester comes and Rachel must take her Math finals. Rachel's hard work pays off, and she get the highest mark on the test.
Lulu had a favorite stone to use for hopscotch. She felt lucky when she had it with her. When her friend BJ came over to play she pulled out her stone. They drew a grid on the sidewalk. Lulu won with her lucky stone!
Jill got a balloon for her birthday. It was blue with stars on it. Jill was very happy. Then the balloon floated away. After searching, she finally found it in some trees.
Bob walked nervously up to the pool's diving board. He had never jumped off it before, but he was determined. His parents encouraged him from their pool chairs. When he was at the edge of the board, he stood still. After about ten seconds, he finally jumped.
Kat loved to play with insects. One day, Kat found a huge moth on the playground. She picked up the moth and put it into her purse. A few days later, dozens of worms were crawling on her ceiling. Kat then decided it'd be best to leave the moths be.
John notices that the weather warns of rain later this week. He decides to buy an umbrella to be ready for the rain. When it rains, John uses his umbrella to stay dry. His coworkers are all wet from the rain. John is glad he saw the weather warning.
I ordered a quesadilla on the island for dinner. I thought it would be delicious. It ended up being gross. I couldn't finish it. So I decided to give it to the dog.
Gina and her old friends had been silent for the last part of the day. Gina wished for nothing more than to go home. She watched the clock as the second hand ticked. Time had never moved more slowly than now. But there was nothing Gina could do but keep calm, and be patient.
Lori like almost any type of fruit except apples. She would try to avoid eating them all the time. Her grandmother had made a spice cake earlier that day. It smelled delicious and Lori wanted a piece. It tasted great she was shocked to learn it was an apple cake.
The mail service near me is three blocks away. I had to run down there for a package. On the way home, I noticed college kids drinking beer. I asked if they were of age, and they became angry. An angry, drunken mob of kids chased me to my door.
Kelly was eating sourdough bread. The bread was really hard and she had to bite really hard. She took a big bite. Placing her tongue to her front teeth she felt her tooth dangling. She pushed the tooth and off it came.
Michael and Melinda were swimming at the lake. Melinda felt something in the sand under her feet. Michael dove under the water and pulled out a clam. The clam started spitting water out at them. Michael and Melinda named the clam Bubbles.
I was wanting to read some good books. I drove to a local book shop. I walked in the store and looked around. I found a few cool looking books. I bought them and brought them home.
Jake was an aspiring rapper. He recorded an album with his friend Bob. They created a music video for his songs on YouTube. The music video eventually became viral. Jake and Bob formed a rap group based on their success.
Han was driving his car on the street. After making a wide turn, his car spun out of rotation. He had trouble gaining control. Therefore, he had to stop on the side of the road. A nail was found on the front left tire of the car.
I went to a movie about global warming last night. It made me think about a lot of things. I had a big discussion with my friends. We decided to do more to help. Today, I planted a tree.
Cathy loved her cats and always gave them treats. They both kept getting fatter. She thought they were getting friendlier. Eventually their vet told her she had to stop. She still sneaks them treats but not as many any more.
Ivan had lost his running shoes. He couldn't find them anywhere even though he'd had them yesterday! Then he found the running shoes hidden under his bed. Ivan grinned and shook his head. He knew his dog must have hidden the shoes there last night!
My wife chipped a tooth last Thursday. We went to the dentist on Monday. The dentist put on a temporary filling. She made an appointment to return for a permanent filling or crown. She was happy as the tooth was jagged.
Freddie has always been a vegetarian. However, this year he is hosting a party for his friends. Freddie decides it is finally time to try eating meat. He roasts a chicken for the party. The delicious chicken has stopped Freddie from being a vegetarian.
My neighbor called me over to have coffee. I was excited because I really needed it. When I got there he poured me a cup. I let it cool for a while in my hand. When I went to take a sip I saw it had a roach in it and spit it out.
Ida had a falling out with her friends. She had been quite mean to them. Months went by with her in lonely misery. Ida finally apologized to them for her behavior. Her friends forgave her and became her friends again.
Sam was excited go to shopping. He had a coupon that gave him a great deal. Sam got everything he wanted and went to pay. The cashier gave him terrible news about the coupon. It had just recently expired.
It was a sunny afternoon. Our Grandmother made us go outside to play. As soon as we got outside I heard my brother crying. I then felt a sharp sting and watched a bee fly off. Me and my brother both ran back inside to Grandma.
Terry spent days working on his landscaping. He dragged bags of mulch into the back yard. He spread it out around his plants. It looked so much better! He couldn't wait to get started on the front.
Tom was playing with fireworks. He wasn't paying attention. He held a firecracker in his hand too long. It exploded and badly injured Tom. Tom had to get surgery to get it fixed.
My mom wanted to watch the Olympics with me recently. She told me what channel they were on and I switched to it. During the Olympics we cheered for our country! We both really enjoyed it so we watched it the next day too. We ended up watching the Olympics every day they were on.
Jill loved ice cream. Her parents took her to get ice cream. Jill got a vanilla ice cream cone. Jill's ice cream cone fell on the floor. Jill's parents bought her a new one.
Kim was excited about her new shows. She decided to wear them out as soon as she could. Unfortunately it had rained recently. Kim accidentally stepped into a muddy puddle. It ruined her new shoes.
Jim moved into a new house. And he thought about planting a tree in his backyard. But he realized it would take decades to grow. When summer came, he realized his house needed shade. So he planted a seed and patiently waited.
Tess challenged Pirya to a race. Tess and Priya are both on the track team. They decide on running the 400m dash. They take off down the track. Priya beat Tess by a foot.
I was feeling very sleepy. Alas, I had a project to finish. I decided to drink some coffee. However, I fell asleep. Thus, I didn't finish the project so I failed it!
Peg was on a strict diet. She ate only twelve hundred calories a day. After a month she decided to weigh herself. She held her breath nervously and looked down at the scale. In joy, she saw she had lost nineteen pounds!
Mark didn't know if he liked the other tenant. Mark thought the guy was stuck-up. But one evening, the guy fried chicken and made waffles. Mark thought that was an odd combination and said so. The guy offered mark a plate and they ate and became friends.
I bought Casey a kindle for Christmas last year. Yesterday she dropped it in a sink full of water. She put it in rice to dry out. She finally told me about it when it wouldn't turn back on. She was thankful when I told her that I have a warrantee.
Todd realized he needed a change in his physical health. He knew exactly where to start. He went to a farmer's market in search of fresher foods. He threw out junk food that was in plain sight in his house. After just a few weeks, he was already starting to see results.
A man put on a button. It supported a candidate. A stranger saw it. The stranger commented on the button. The man nodded in approval.
Mike decides that he is a better cook than his friend Roland. Roland definitely thinks that Mike is incorrect. They argue and settle on a cook off. The decide to let their friends judge three dishes they cook. In the end, Roland beats mike at all three dishes.
My daughter wanted something for lunch. I decided to make her nachos and cheese. I put everything on a plate in the microwave. I walked out of the room and forgot about it. When I came back the cheese had melted everywhere.
They were traveling on the interstate on-ramp. Just as they merged onto the highway,it felt like they hit something. They made it a quarter mile until the tire went flat. They pulled to the side of the highway. The tire had to be changed while traffic sped by them.
Carlos lost his control. He looked in his couch and everywhere in his living room. Carlos began to lose his mind. Carlos calmed down. The control was in the kitchen.
Lauren decided to go to the museum. She looked at all the paintings and sculptures. The paintings inspired her to paint something of her own. She bought some canvas and paints. Lauren painted a picture of the museum.
Lisa's family loves football. Her mom and brother liked one team that was playing. She and her father liked the team they were playing against. They took turns teasing each other. The team Lisa like lost, but they all went out for ice cream anyway.
Denise loved Barbie dolls. Denise had been collecting Barbie dolls since she was 12. Recently, Denise saw a new doll being sold on QVC. Denise instantly called, and ordered the doll. Denise could not wait for her new Barbie doll to come in the mail.
Joe needed a new desk. He went to Ikea. They had both pine and oak desks. Joe decided on the pine because it was cheaper. Joe regretted his decision when the desk broke after two days.
Jimmy was shopping online for a new camera. He found the one he wanted but it wasn't available for pickup. He paid for fast shipping and waited for the package to arrive. When the camera was delivered at his door, it was broken. Jimmy shipped it back and went to buy a camera locally.
I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me. He agreed to the bet. Alas, after two days no girl had accepted my offer. I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me. My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl!
Sue was allergic to peanuts. She told her teacher. However, one day a student brought peanut butter cups. Sue accident touched the peanut butter. She had to go to the ER.
Freda was a cocky woman. She wore dark clothes and loved anything black. Freda was speeding down the road in her grey car. She was going to light a cigarette. Her frail her caught on fire and she crashed her car.
Chase was backing his truck out of a parking spot. The car on the side of him was parked close to his truck. Chase hit the car while he was backing out. Chase waited for the owner to return. He finally just left a note with his number on the car's windshield.
John enjoyed playing video games at Ted's house. John noticed Ted was irritated during the game. John always won the game. John thought it was funny his friend would get upset. John never lost to his friend in that game.
Gina had been late getting to the principal's office. In return he had kept her waiting for 30 minutes. She apologized for her selfishness. But it didn't matter. Gina was given 4 days of lunch detention for her actions.
AJ has never had a white Christmas. This year was a surprise. It had been snowing overnight unexpectedly. He was more excited than a child. He immediately began building a snowman.
Rendel was a nature photographer. He gets footage of lions, tigers and giraffes in the Sahara. One afternoon, he got a little too close to a tiger with cubs. The tiger became threatened and lunged at Rendel! He retreated and ran to his jeep, driving away scarily.
Grant was not going anywhere in life. He always had a passion for acting and loved movies. He decided to make a bold move. He decided to move to Hollywood and try his luck. Grant continues to struggle but he knows one day he will make it!
Spencer and friends wanted to get on tv. They found out about making an ad for tv. They made one. It got promoted. The ad played at the Super Bowl.
Marc had a problem with sleepwalking. One night, as he was sleeping, he went outside. He walked to his uncle's house and rang the bell. His uncle opened the door and let him sleep on the couch. Marc woke up the next morning, not knowing where he was.
Andrea was on a walk with her friend. It was nighttime and they were outside. She asked her friend to hold her phone and tossed it to her. Later, when she asked for it back, her friend didn't have it. Andrea had accidentally dropped the phone on the ground.
Timmy got a new ball today. The ball is red and bounces very high. Timmy dicked the ball and it bounced over the fence. Timmy climbed the fence and got the ball. Timmy never kicked the ball towards the fence again.
Jack was so excited to get his new puppy today. His mom brought her home and told Jack he could name her. Jack saw her long, unruly fur and named her Fluffy. Fluffy and Jack bonded quickly and played all day. Jack was so grateful to have his new best friend.
Police officers murdered three black men over three days. People gathered in Dallas to peacefully protest the shootings. But a sniper shot and killed five officers. Charles, who lives in LA California, feared police would retaliate. As he walked to work a cop pulled a gun on him and yelled orders.
A man went up to the teller window and handed the teller a note. It said that he had a gun and to fill a bag with money. The teller did as the note said. The man took the money and left the bank. Five police cars were waiting for him and he was arrested.
Anna needed to go grocery shopping. She was almost out of food. But she had no money to shop with! She was finally able to get an extra shift at work. Then she had food money.
Bob was looking at a house in the town of Herington. The agent laughed when Bob asked what he thought of the town. The agent told Bob he actually lived on a farm fifteen miles away. Bob guessed the agent's opinion wouldn't matter much then. The agent told him to the contrary, he knew the town very well.
Will bought his wife a sweater for Christmas. She thanked him politely. Will thought he scored a homerun with that gift. Will's wife took the sweater to the store where it was bought. She exchanged it for a nice bottle of perfume!
My father liked to eat oysters. One day he brought home 24 raw oysters. He tried to shuck them by hand. He was eager, and got a lot of cuts on his hands. The oysters were great, though.
Tom was at a party with friends. They all decided to take shots. Tom wasn't a big drinker. He was drunk before he knew it. His friends had to drive him home early.
Trevor wanted to ace his math class. He asked for a friend to tutor him. The friend said yes. They worked together tirelessly. Trevor got an A!
McKayla went to a yard sale with her mom. She seen a bunny. She really liked it. She asked her mom if she could have it. And she said yes.
Cindy wanted to buy her mother a necklace for her birthday. She didn't have any money, so she decided to open a lemonade stand. All her neighbors bought her lemonade, and Cindy made lots of money. Cindy used the money to buy her mother a necklace. Cindy's mother loved her gift, and Cindy was very proud of herself.
Molly was petting her cat one evening. She wasn't being mean, but out of nowhere the cat bit her! Molly was quite upset and mad at her cat. This event put Molly in a bad mood the whole rest of the night. That cat won't be getting a treat for a while!
The plants in Ralph's garden were dying. The ground was dry and cracked. It had not rained in days. The sky got dark and it started to pour. Ralph's plants came back to life.
Don had a shirt he loved. One day he got a big stain on it. Don tried different things to clean it. Eventually he found the right combination. Don was able to get the stain out and keep wearing it.
The Turners were flying home from Hawaii. Angela revealed that she taken a chunk of lava rock. She wasn't supposed to take rocks, but did anyway. Her seatmate told her keeping the rock would cause bad luck. Angela gave the rock to a stewardess to return.
We had a cookout this summer. We invited some neighbors to join us. We cooked hotdogs and hamburgers. A storm came up and we all had to go inside. We enjoyed our cookout anyway!
Tom was in a big race. He was doing fairly well. He could see the finish line. Right before it he fell down. Tom was able to crawl to fifth place.
My kitten, Scramble, began playing in the kitchen. Suddenly there was a loud metallic crash! She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling. The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere. Scramble ran into the living room and hid under the couch.
Frank Thomas always found himself arguing with his wife. He hated the fact that they couldn't get along. Frank wanted a divorce but his lawyer said it would cost a lot. Frank decided he did not want to live with her any longer. Because he'd rather go to prison, he robbed a local bank.
A young boy was being followed by a dog. The dog was black and very lonely. The boy felt bad for it and fed it some meat. The dog looked very happy and followed the boy. The dog was protective and very nice from then on.
I got a new knife set for my birthday. However I misplaced it. I looked everywhere. I could not find it. Finally, I found it on the stove where I left it.
Rob always asked his co workers for cigarettes. He explained he was trying to quit and didn't want a full pack. One nice guy, Roy, gave him a cigarette ten days in a row. Finally, Roy was fed up and refused the next time Rob asked. Rob walked away grumbling, acting like a child.
After waking up today, I called my job to cancel my day at work. I decided to drive to the gym to exercise. My friend wanted to meet up and I saw him after a few minutes. We went to each dinner. He asked me how everything is going since we last saw each other.
Freddie was leaning his chair backward at school. His chair fell backward. His head hit the floor. Freddie got a concussion. As a result, he had to wear a helmet.
Mason has three bikes All three bikes are the same color. Mason has two friends without bikes. He gave them each one of his extra bikes. Mason and his friends ride everyday together.
Jane ate a peanut butter and jelly sandwich outside. A squirrel noticed her last bite. It started to run towards her. Since Jane was afraid of the squirrel, she walked away. She eventually took her belongings and walked to the library.
Tony was driving down the road with his sister in the car. A deer jumped out and almost hit them. Tony swerved and put his arm out to protect his sister. The deer ran off and Tony was able to straighten out the car. His sister was happy that Tony's instinct was to protect her.
Robert was sitting at the Casino watching sports. Robert look for his phone when he got home. He realized his phone was lost. He went to Security at the Casino requiring about his phone. Robert jumped up and down to find that it was at the security desk.
Valerie planned a big family dinner for tonight. She spent the whole day cooking and baking. She made roast and vegetables and two gorgeous pies. The whole family came and they had a wonderful dinner. Nothing makes Valerie more happy than a family gathering.
Carter liked playing games. He would go to the arcade and play all night. When all his quarters were gone, he would go home. Carter loved the arcade so much he had his birthday party there. He invited all his friends from school.
I walked with my grandmother to the garage sale. She saw a large black bike and bought it for me. Before night time, I placed it in the backyard. I walked outside next morning to look for it. I realized that it wasn't in the back.
Bob love to eat steak. He wants to get steak for an upcoming barbeque. He went to the store but he couldn't find any steak. He continued searching but he still didn't find any steak. His son brought enough steak for everyone for the barbeque.
Ricky was playing tennis with Bob. Bob served the ball and hit Ricky right in the head! Ricky fainted on the tennis court. Bob gave Ricky some water to drink. Ricky felt better after resting for awhile.
Rita was watching a scary movie by herself. All of a sudden she thought she heard something outside. She hid herself under the blanket she had on her. She decided it was all in her head. She turned off the scary movie and turned on a comedy instead.
Chloe was told to have half her book done for the editor by Monday. She had had six months but couldn't make herself write. In desperation she took her friend's manuscript and used that. The editor called her and said he had consulted on the friend's book. Chloe was humiliated, fired, and lost her friend.
Tim was a CEO for his company. Tim discovered there was gross inefficiency at this company. Tim created a new company policy to address the inefficiency. Tim ordered his employees to follow the new policy immediately. The policy change eradicated the efficiency in Tim's company.
Ella had terrible dreams and woke crying every night. Her mother wanted to help her. She went out and bought little Ella a sweet stuffed bear. Ella named him Ted and slept with him every night. After she got Ted, she never had another nightmare!
Bella was new in town. On her first day of school, she met Edward. His family seemed a little weird. Bella didn't care that the family was weird. She married Edward after graduation.
George challenged his new girlfriend to play Scrabble. His plan was to show her how smart he was. But he found it maddening that she kept winning! George coerced her into staying up very late to keep playing. Eventually, he was delighted that he started winning again.
Shannon was out of shampoo. Her hair was so greasy! She went to the store but forgot to buy it. Out of desperation, she used Mr Bubble. Her hair smelled like bubble gum.
Tim's mother bought him a new game for his birthday. When Tim got the present, he noticed an issue. His mother accidentally got a game for the wrong game system. Tim and his mom drove to the store and exchanged the game. He and his mom then went home and Tim played his new game.
Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch. She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available. She considered skipping it but decided to go alone instead. It turned out to be a good lunch. She enjoyed her food and her time alone.
John had always been shy, but he wanted more friends. Then he heard about a confidence class he could attend. The class taught him ways to be sociable and outgoing. John followed the advice he was given at the class. Soon he was making friends easily and frequently!
Lucy was on Facebook looking at a friends photos. Lucy missed a party because she was far from home. The pictures made the party look epic. As Lucy stared at the images she began to get a headache. Lucy decided to stay off Facebook till she was home again.
There was a mess on the sidewalk. It was the soda her sister spilled. Ants were everywhere. Gina's father didn't care who made the mess. It was Gina's job to clean up.
Linda was strutting on the sidewalk when a man stole her purse. As she was wearing high heels, she couldn't run very fast. She removed them to sprint after the thief. And when she caught up to him, she hit him with her shoe. The heel rammed into the thief's neck, so he dropped the purse.
Jane went to the city with friends. They were planning on going out to the club. They bought new outfits earlier in the day. They were planning on dancing all night. It was an exciting night.
The travel agent advised her against taking the bus from Kenya. Alice wanted to experience the country as fully as possible. The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top. The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy. Alice  enjoyed the experience but took a private car back to the hotel
I was very tired after a double shift at work. When my shift was over, I got into my car. I tried to stay awake as I drove home. I made it to my front door and climbed to my room. I almost instantly fell asleep in my bed.
Amy needed to beat her coffee crash before volleyball practice. She chugged a Red Bull, and bought one for the road. She sipped the second one as she walked to practice. In the 10 minutes it took to walk there, she had drank it all. Amy was all over the court after two Red Bulls.
Tim wanted to express himself. He thought people with gold teeth looked the best. He decided to get a gold tooth. He went to the dentist and paid for the procedure. Tim got his gold tooth and was very happy about it.
Each night, Joan's tiny dog ran to her bedside. Joan placed a stool so the dog could jump on the bed. Suddenly, Joan's dog stopped coming into the bed at night. When Joan turned on a light to see what was wrong, the dog came. Joan had to put a night light next to the dog's stool.
I heard a strange meowing in the hallway at night. It didn't sound at all like my cat. I didn't see any unfamiliar male cat when I turned on the light. However, it smelled like a cat had sprayed urine on the wall. I taped the cat door shut with duct tape first thing in the morning.
Kate disliked being made fun of for her tall height. She often dreamed of being a normal height. She was always asked to play basketball never any other sport. One day she tried out for soccer and was selected to play on the team. Kate in time got over her height difference becoming more confident.
Jamie had signed up for Secret Santa. It was getting close to Christmas and she had no money. She realized that she couldn't afford to buy a gift. She let one of the admins know. Luckily, they were able to help her out.
Mona's boyfriend was always at the bar. She had asked him not to drink as much. He had a temper when he drank. Mona's boyfriend spent a weekend out at the bar. She changed the locks of the house.
Adam went to the park to walk his dog. He saw a man with a pit bull. The pit bull was not on a leash. He tried to walk his dog away, but the pit bull lunged. The dog ripped off a piece of his own dog's ear.
Every year for Thanksgiving my mom makes a pie. Everyone always wants the recipe. This year my mom decided to give the recipe only to me. My mom wants me to pass it down to my daughters. I put it in a secret place to keep safe.
George was told that he failed his class. The teacher encouraged him to repeat the class next semester. Since the class was required for his major, he repeated it. However, he attempted to seek tutoring throughout the semester. During the first exam, he ended up with an A.
George knew something was wrong when his dad wouldn't return his call. He went over to his parent's house and found his dad on the floor. He called for an ambulance but it was too late. George was crushed and he knew then how precious life was. George promised himself to enjoy life to its fullest.
Mindy went to confront her boyfriend. She suspected he was cheating on her, because he was working late. She went into his office building late at night. She saw him working at his desk typing. She asked him where that skank whore was and he looked confused.
Hillary went to the fair and saw a bear that she really liked. She had to win a carnival game but she kept loosing. After many tries she had spent 15 dollars! She gave up but another man won the bear for her. She felt thankful and they both spent the rest of the day together.
Alex purchased a bag of chips for his girlfriend at the store. When she received it, she opened it and started to eat. The pieces were stale. She checked for any holes in the bag. Surprisingly, she didn't see any holes.
Scott was excited to play in the football game. He got to the field early for extra practice. He fell during practice and hurt his knee. Scott was so disappointed that he couldn't play. He did cheer his team on from the sidelines.
Marge was taking graduation photos in her favorite new sweater. She was leaning against a barn to get all sorts of creative pictures. Suddenly her arm caught onto the barn wall. She yanked until suddenly her new sweater ripped. She was so sad until she realized she could always fix it.
Megan thought she was the best bowler around. She challenged her roommate, Pearl to a friendly competition. Pearl agreed. Pearl would put in practice time early in the mornings before work. Megan was quite upset when Pearl won the competition.
It was time for Lita to do her taxes. She wasn't confident in her abilities to do them correctly. Lita's friend told her to use an online tax service. Lita found one that she felt comfortable using. She was surprised to have completed her tax return in mere minutes.
George was cooking for his girlfriend. He decided to make her chicken. The chicken came out a little dry. George's girlfriend ate the food. She told him she was grateful he tried.
Abby always wanted a kitten. She would ask her dad every day for one. One day, Abby's father finally said yes. When they went to pick up the new kitten, Abby started sneezing. Abby got a new puppy instead of a kitten.
Nell was excited about becoming a big sister. She ran to the door when her parents came home with the baby. She begged to get to hold her new baby brother. As she held him, Nell's parents paid no attention to her. For a second, Nell thought of dropping the baby on the floor.
Franklin was playing hockey with some friends. Suddenly, one of his blades came off his shoe. Franklin tumbled and scraped his face against the ice. He got up, all bloodied and bruised. He saw the puck right in front of him, and shot it into the goal.
Elliot is a master chess player. He signs up to play in a school tournament. Elliot goes through everyone one by one. The final match he doesn't break a sweat. Elliott wins the tournament with ease.
Lisa got a pedicure. It was rather ugly. Not to mention the paint started chipping early. It was disappointing. She didn't want to go back.
Amy was wondering if her diet had been successful. She had no scale to gauge her weight. Then she had an idea. She tried on an old pair of jeans. They were now way too big on her!
Carl's favorite drink is a hot cup of coffee. He would drink about 10 cups a day. One day he ran out of coffee and was forced to drink tea. To his surprise he actually liked the tea almost as much as coffee. Now he says his favorite drinks are coffee and tea.
Jayden was amusing his crush in class. He told some jokes and was happy when she laughed. Then he told an offensive joke and saw her smile turn to a frown. She slapped him and ran out of the classroom. Jayden decided not to tell anymore jokes from that day forward.
Gus was excited to see his favorite rock band in concert. He'd purchased a ticket well in advance and gotten a good seat. When he attended the concert, Gus was dismayed to see someone in it! With everyone paying attention to the stage, he knifed the seat-taker. Gus enjoyed the rest of the concert in the seat he'd purchased.
The kids were bored. They found a basketball in the garage. They decided to go to the park and play a game. They played for over an hour. When they were finished, they were exhausted!
I asked why he was so mean to me. He stood over me and told me why. He said he hated himself, and it would never change. He said since he hated himself, he hurt those close to him. I asked him to stop, but he said he never would.
Hannah decided to get baptized at age 12. She organized the baptism despite being young and naive. On the day of her baptism, Hannah was excited to finally feel God. She was lowered into the water but ultimately felt nothing. Hannah was furious and slowly converted into an atheist.
Tom was watching television one night. He noticed the same commercial kept coming on. It annoyed him greatly by the third time he heard it. By the sixth time Tom hated the commercial. He vowed to never buy their product.
One afternoon, I let my dog, Pandy, outside to play. Pandy was enjoying herself until she noticed a rabbit nearby. The rabbit saw Pandy and started to hop away as fast as it could. Pandy chased the rabbit for a long time, but finally had to stop. She returned to the house, tired and ready for a long nap.
Irena wanted to see a rainbow. One afternoon it rained hard. Irena was so excited! She sat at her window and stared outside eagerly. When the rainy stopped, there was her rainbow!
Hannah was in an elevator with a woman. She felt awkward with the silence. So, Hannah tried to make conversation with the lady. The lady ignored her and Hannah thought she was rude. Hannah later learned it was because they lady is deaf.
He burst into tears. He cried on her shoulder. He told her he didn't want to leave her. He was afraid the booze would kill him. She held him and cried too.
Yesterday I went to the nearby Apple orchard. I took a group of my friends and we got buckets together. We stayed at the orchard for about three hours picking. At the end of the day our buckets were full. We had such a great time.
Harold drove down the dirt road. He was driving his new tractor. It had all the fanciest features. He drove through town to show off his new purchase. All of the other farmers stopped and stared.
Anna loved weddings. She loved being a bridesmaid even more. She loved the excuse to dress up without committing. She begged her friends to let her be in their bridal party. She would wear any crazy dress given to her.
Frank's family were ready to go out and have fun. But it started to rain. The were all sad because they really wanted to go out. Frank put on a movie and ordered some pizza. Frank and his family still had fun that day.
Carla woke up one morning and decided she wanted a new kitchen. She shopped around for quotes. She contacted an interior designer. She picked out colors. She finally had the kitchen of her dreams.
Lukas and his dad did not get along. They fought all the time. Lukas's mother suggested they find something to bond over. They decided to watch soccer together, because they both liked it. Now, they get along very well, because they found common ground.
Nancy always spoiled her dog. She gave it anything it wanted. It got really overweight. Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight. She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet.
My friend Joe and I went down to toy town. We hadn't been there since the drought of twenty fifteen. They'd put up some new displays and spruced the place up. Joe found a cute stuffed penguin to buy his daughter. All I got was a stubbed toe from a brick left carelessly about.
The mom put her baby daughter to sleep. She went to bed afterwards. The baby was crying after a couple of hours. She didn't stop although the mom fed her. She ended up with no sleep that night.
Sandy was having a conversation in the break room. Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left. Sandy continued talking to her boyfriend on the phone. As Sandy was leaving, Sandy saw Jim right by the door. Sandy realized that Jim was eavesdropping on her conversation.
Mary was feeling very lonely since moving away from her family. She decided to get a pet to keep her company. Mary wanted to get cat because her apartment is small. Mary went to the local shelter. There adopted a cute orange kitty named Luna.
A hurricane struck town. Heavy winds were blowing everywhere. Since the windows in my house didn't have shuttles, they were cracked. The winds rearranged everything in the kitchen. Pots, pans and the fridge toppled over.
Paul wanted to play a prank on his roommate, Derek. Paul went and bought dozens of rubber snakes. He then placed the snakes in the shower. Paul waited around casually until Derek was going to shower. Paul laughed when he heard Derek scream from inside the bathroom.
I bought a new phone for my daughter. She was impressed by the new technology she wasn't familiar with. She decided she likes playing games more than texting her friends. I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew. And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people.
Jeff loved to eat sweets, but his parents wanted him to eat healthy. They purged the house of all sweets, and put Jeff on a diet. Jeff was furious, and threw a fit asking for his sweets back. When he went to his friend's house, Jeff gorged himself on chocolate. But Jeff wished he had listened when he spent all night throwing up.
My sister in law has a car. Her daughter J, an adult, does not have one. My sister in law drives her daughter everywhere. She got tired as J wanted to go dorm shopping for her daughter. J ended up getting a friend to drive her.
Donna realized it was finally time to potty train her son. She went and bought him a training toilet and pull ups. She worked with him by showing him how to use the potty. He really struggled and didn't seem to understand. One day Donna saw her son use his potty on his own.
I never went fishing as a child. We lived in the city and did not go anywhere. When I had kids we lived by a pond. I bought a fishing rod and helped my son catch a fish. It made me happy to finally catch a fish.
My first taste of champagne was unique. I had bought a bottle of pink alcohol. It was very fruity and delicious. I loved how bubbly it was. I drank half the bottle by myself.
Amy and her mother were grocery shopping. Amy asked her mother if she could have candy. She was mad when she couldn't have the candy. Amy put the candy in the shopping cart. Her mother never realized she had purchased the candy.
We couldn't find a toy the dog liked. We tried several stuffed animals. We also got a kong toy with peanut butter. She wasn't interested in any of them. The only toy she chose was a small rubber ball.
One of my favorite things to do is write. I write as much as I can and all types too. I write fan fiction, short stories, and full movie scripts. Maybe one day I'll submit them into some festivals. For now though I'm just enjoying it as a hobby.
One day, I went to a coffee shop to get a latte. I told the barista what I wanted. She took my money and got to work. When I got the latte, I tasted it and it tasted weird. She forgot to put any coffee in it!
Neil had just arrived in a port city. He was on a long trip, and he was now in Tangier, Spain! He had never been in a port city before, and he loved it. The hustle and bustle thrilled him. Neil wished he never had to leave!
Annie wanted to have a successful Youtube channel. She uploaded a bunch of her vlogs and tried to share them. To her sadness her videos were getting no views. At first, she considered cheating and buying views. Then she realized that it was time to give up.
James had always wanted to visit California. However, he had never been there because he was afraid of flying. James decided to face his fears. He booked his trip and flew to California. He was glad that he finally had the chance to go there.
Tom was a 13 year old boy who loved riding his old bike. His mother bought him a new bike for Christmas. Tom rode it everywhere. Two weeks after Christmas someone stole his bike. Tom was very sad to have his new bike stolen.
Mariana was finally engaged to her love. They spent a lot of time to set up a wedding. The groom however, ended up backing off. Mariana did not know why. And all the wedding preparations ended up being a waste of time.
Emmie was very worried that her mommy was in the hospital. Her grandmother explained to her that everything was okay. Grandpa lifter her up to a big window. Emmie saw her new brother all wrapped in blue. Emmie was so excited to be a big sister!
I had a hunk of cheese in my refrigerator. It was behind a big jar. I forgot about it since I couldn't see it. I moved the jar yesterday. The cheese had more hair on it than my dad.
Liz and Kate were going on a road trip. Kate was unsure about taking her car because it was older. Liz had a new car but didn't want to put a lot of miles on it. She refused to reconsider. In the end they decided to take Kate's car.
The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert. They all dressed up like their favorite girl. They arrived to the venue an hour before. When they got there they got upgraded. It was the best night ever.
Brandon thought he found something special when he found fake Pot. They call the drug Hemp Spice. He convinced his friend, Charlie, to take a hit of the fake weed. Charlie, an eleventh grader, took a hit from a pipe. Charlie turned paranoid and then had a seizure and died.
The young couple had a weekend free of obligations. They decided to go to the local college's afternoon football game. They arrived at the stadium and scalped tickets from a stranger. They bought snacks and found their seats. Their team won the game after an exciting finish!
The circus came to town. Barry went to the sideshow with his parents. The people there had strange abilities and bodies. They talked to Barry about their life in the circus. Barry didn't think it was very fair to call them freaks.
I got a new puppy last week named Lily. Lily was the cutest puppy ever. Unfortunately last Saturday she got lost. I looked everywhere for her. Finally i found her in the neighbor's yard.
Rod loved to doodle, but he didn't think he was any good. On a whim one day, he entered his sketches into a contest. He was so surprised when the art win first prize! He started working for a graphic design company, doodling for pay. Now Rod makes a living doing what he loves!
The red fleck on Ruth's wrist moved, and she shrieked. Looking closely, she determined it was merely a ladybug. Then, it bit her. She shrieked again, and ran to her mom, crying. The now forgotten ladybug contently landed on a blade of grass.
John inherited an old clock from his father. It didn't work at all anymore and it took up a lot of space. On his way to throw it in the dumpster he knocked it on a door frame. The clock sprang to life, unstuck now. John kept it to pass down to his kid.
Sam needed help on his math homework. But he was too embarrassed to ask for help. He tried to learn from the textbook on his own. But he became more and more frustrated. Sam ended up guessing on every problem.
The local bank was robbed one day. The robber demanded all the money from the cashier. The cashier gave him the money. Someone called the police. The police caught the guy later.
Amy couldn't wait to bring her doll to show and tell. She told the class how much she loved her pretty doll. She watched as the doll was passed around the room. Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll. When she got home, Amy stuck the doll in the closet.
Maya was visiting her parents with her young son. The baby was toddling around the room playing with a dog. Suddenly, the baby did something to scare the dog. The dog yelped and ran off to hide. Maya's son cried, and she comforted him as she explained to be nice.
Allie was a medium. She could talk to spirits. So she decided to give her friend a reading. Her friend did not believe it. As a result Allie was offended and did not want to be friends.
My mom made pancakes for breakfast the other day. While she was making pancakes she ran out of pancake batter. I had to run to the store to get more batter. When I got back the pancakes she made were cold. I had to wait for her to make another batch before I could eat.
Arnold was scared of big dogs. One day he had to go to his girlfriend's house. His girlfriend had a big dog. The big dog went to him so he could pet him. Arnold nearly fainted as a result.
We had to get a moving truck for our big move. After filling out the paperwork we went outside. I had to go around looking at the damage. All of the prior damage was marked with Xs. It was crazy how many damage spot there were.
Rick had a nice home down near the beach. Last summer the house caught on fire. It took forever to get the insurance stuff taken care of. But finally the house is done being rebuilt. Rick likes it even more than his old home.
Larry was taking a nice hot shower. He was enjoying it until suddenly he began to feel lightheaded. He exited the shower to be safe and consulted his dad. His dad explained that it was just from the heat. From then on Larry took cooler showers.
Amanda loved the computer she had for many years. Unfortunately yesterday it died on her. She decided to go out and get a new one today. She looked everywhere. Finally she found the perfect computer at the Apple store.
The school group went on a field trip. They went to see a play about mice. The kids loved the silly theme. They clapped when it was over. It was a great play!
Julie opened up a lemonade stand. It was under a big shady oak tree. A family of squirrels lived in the tree. They kept dropping acorns into the lemonade pitcher. Julie had to move the stand from under the oak tree.
Dan saw a vintage performance by Susanna Hoffs. She was doing a cover of a Bad Company song. Dan just had to get the whole tape of her concert. He found someone selling a bootleg copy of it on VHS tape. Dan bought it anyway and was immensely happy.
Tim wanted to be an author. However he did not know what to write. He sat at his desk nervously. He chewed his pencil. He finally decided that he would just write about his life.
Vanessa was trying to travel to visit her aunt. The nearest airport could only get her a few hours away. From the airport she decided to take a shuttle van. The ride was awkward and quiet but passed quickly. Finally, she arrived at her aunt's house.
Tom was driving at night. A cop pulled him over. Tom was told he had a broken tail light. He was given a ticket and told to fix it. Tom fixed it that same night.
Roger lives in Texas but is from New York. He has not been back home to visit for over seven Years. Roger drives the hundreds of miles to return home. He visits with friends and family that he hasn't see in Years. After staying for almost three weeks, Roger heads back to Texas.
I wrote an essay about my friend Harry. Harry is 98 Year's old. He thinks of himself as a poet. Harry always encouraged me to write. I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry.
Tom got his neighbor's mail one day. He thought it was an accident until it happened again. Tom finally decided to let his mailman know. The mailman was new and had made a mistake. He never made that mistake again after.
I went to Baltimore in 2003 to audition for music school. I did not know that Baltimore had a huge crime problem. I left a bag in the backseat of my car and went into the school. When I came out the back window was broken and my bag was gone. Whoever took the bag left it on the ground across the street.
Bob was tired of wearing glasses. They always fell off his face. He went to his optometrist. He ordered contact lenses. Bob loved his new contacts.
Jane loved cooking. Unfortunately her old stove was terrible. Jane's husband saved up money for a bit. He bought jane a new stove. She was super excited about it.
Rani was afraid the rain would come and flood her house. She was careful to fortify her house in preparation for the rains. The rainy season always caused trouble in her town. When the rain came, many houses flooded, but Rani's did not. The hard work paid off.
Ilsa, our two-year old granddaughter, visited us on Thanksgiving. Ilsa and her parents live in New York, 200 miles away from our home. Ilsa was initially shy, as she doesn't see us very often. She became more comfortable as she stayed with us. We were sad to see her leave, and looked forward to seeing her again.
The Jones family went to the Subaru dealership to look at cars to buy. They wanted a Subaru and test drove several models. The sedans were nice but the mini SUV had more space. The Jones family discussed each of their opinions on the cars. They purchased the SUV model and rode home happy.
Nate expressed his interest in music during class. Ben questioned whether or not he was certain about it. He also said that being a singer is only for girls. Some of the students in the class argued with him. At the same time, Nate felt embarrassed.
Gina's sister was afraid of a deer at a truck stop. The dead deer was in a truck next to their car. Gina went out to see the deer. The truck had been replaced by a sports car. Gina's sister was relieved to hear it was gone.
Veronica had planted the rose bush when her husband died. For going on a decade, she had tended to it daily. The kids thought it would be funny to pour gasoline on it. They set it on fire and laughed as black smoke clawed the sky. Veronica cried from her porch, too shocked to even call out for help.
The dust began to settle. Only one figure remained standing The Black Swordsman, Guts. With one swing of his sword had he laid waste to an entire regiment. They were the first of many who would fall to his sword.
Sally loves shopping with her grandmother. Her gram picks her up early in the morning and takes her to the mall. They visit all of their favorite stores within a couple of hours. Sally is then treated to lunch at her favorite restaurant. When Sally goes home, she always writes a thank you note for her gram.
As I was growing up I always wanted to be a singer. My mother would put force me to go to singing classes. As time went on, I realized I have a natural gift. Tonight was my big night, and I've been so nervous. I'll be taking the stage tonight, and my dreams are becoming reality.
I went to the airport yesterday. I was waiting for a very long time. It was annoying. Finally though I was able to leave. But it was six hours later.
Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped. Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes. He then drove to the nearest big 5 sporting goods, and bought shoes. With his new running shoes, he went out to run again. Bryan felt annoyed but was glad he could continue running.
Jake's best friend hung out with a creepy kid. Jake always made fun of him for it. One day Jake's friend invited the creepy kid to hang out. Jake spent a few hours getting to know him. At the end he wound up liking him more.
Susie went to the local pool. To her delight there was a water slide. Susie was thrilled. She went on it as she pleased. But she was yelled at because she did not alert the lifeguard.
Geri was a psychologist. She had a patient who was very crazy. Geri prescribed him medicine. The patient took the medicine and felt better. Geri never saw the patient again.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night. A loud breaking sound woke him up. He noticed there was a broken window. Tom looked around but nobody was breaking it. He never found out who did it.
Kara is a photographer. Her camera is broken. Without her camera she cannot make money. Kara is frustrated because her camera is out of warranty. Kara borrows money to get a new camera.
Ali had been having bad headaches. Worried, she went to see a doctor. She prayed the news would not be too serious. After an examination, the doctor gave her his diagnosis. All Ali needed was a pair of glasses!
I found some old mix tapes. These mix tapes were created by my parents. I started to listen to it. Some of the music is okay, but most of it was bad. I did find it funny however knowing what music my parents like.
Alexis was so excited to meet Santa Claus this year. Her mom took her to the mall. They waited in a long line for her turn to see Santa. When it was her turn she started to cry. She ran away and wouldn't sit on Santa's lap.
The house was lined with new houses. But there were no trees! The builder came through and planted one in each front yard. The houses looked much better. When the trees grew, it all looked very nice.
The parents called up the stairs to their daughter. She immediately came flying down the stairs. She stood in awe, looking at all the presents. She tore into the gifts and opened them. She promised herself to open them more slowly next year.
John owned a comic book collection. He had one in particular that was worth a lot. His little brother just thought they had fun pictures. One day John's brother was playing with the expensive one. John scolded him and explained why he couldn't.
I went camping with my friend one night. I noticed how clear the sky was compared to the city. My friends pointed out a lot of constellations. I couldn't see a lot of these in the city. I had a good time with my friends that night.
I just got my braces removed. I could finally eat gum. I went to the store and bought some gum. It was delicious! Alas, I got a cavity soon after for eating too much gum.
Joe decides that he wants to play basketball. He puts on athletic clothing and drives to the basketball court. At the court he meets a group of people to play with. Joe has a great day playing basketball. He is glad that he played basketball.
It was hot summer day. John and Tony decided to go to swim. They came to their favorite little lake. The water was too low. It was impossible to swim there.
Johnny wanted a toy train for Christmas. He wrote a letter to Santa Claus and put it in the mailbox. Every day, he waited for a reply. Finally Christmas came, and Johnny rushed to look under the tree. Under the tree was a new train with a bow around it.
My friends want me to get high using Q Tips. Their Qtips of choice are long ones. They insert the Qtips deep in their ears until it hits a certain spot. They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria. I made the decision never to use Q Tips
Jordan was riding his skateboard at the skatepark. He wanted to grind the biggest rail there. He was nervous but he went for it. He jumped into the air and got onto the rail. His grind was flawless and he rode away satisfied.
Wally was a Golden Retriever born without eyes. Thinking he was useless, the breeder wanted to euthanize him. Fortunately, a rescue group saved Wally and found him a home. Wally's family helped him become a therapy dog for a nursing home. Far from useless, he proved that where there is love, there is value.
Kevin was not feeling well after dinner. Later in the evening he began to vomit. Kevin's wife drove him to the ER when he began crying in pain. At the ER, the doctor suspected Kevin had appendicitis. Kevin was rushed into surgery where his inflamed appendix was removed.
Vicky wants to have a special look for her school's upcoming dance. She believes that straightening her wavy hair will be exciting. Vicky spends a hours using a flat iron to straighten her hair. At the dance, all of Vicky's friends pay her compliments. She is very happy that she straightened her hair for the dance.
Kate bought a laptop online with free shipping. It was supposed to arrive at her mom's house Monday. On Wednesday it still hadn't arrived. She needed the laptop to work and was losing money each day. Kate regretted taking the free shipping option.
Karla decided to use up her fabric scraps from her sewing room. She looked up some ideas online. Then Karla made oven mitts, hot pads, and dishtowels. She had so many items there was no way she could use them all. So she gave the handmade items out as Christmas gifts that year.
The family was in awe. They were staying at an amazing resort! The were amazed at the beautiful beach and pools. They spent the week relaxing and making memories. They couldn't wait to repeat that amazing week!
Tina went out to eat yesterday. She ordered salmon. All the sudden she saw something. There was a bug in her plate. Tina screamed.
Josh had to write essays for college. He was terrible at writing essays. He decided to pay someone to write his essays. Unfortunately, the college admissions committee found out. They rejected Josh's application.
Mike went to the same barber his whole life. But as he started to get older, he realized the cut wasn't as good. But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber. So he tried to make the best of it and still see him. It made the barber happy that he still came in.
Ashley didn't know what to be for Halloween. She decided to ask her mom. Her mom said she should make her costume. Ashley found an old sheet. Ashley made a fabulous ghost costume out of the sheet.
Amy's mom told her to babysit her little brother Kyle. Amy was annoyed because she would rather go to the mall. Kyle asked Amy to play a game. The two ended up having a lot of fun together. Amy said that she would babysit Kyle any time.
Tina had a date with tom. They were both so nervous. She did not know how it would go. But ultimately it went well. Tina was glad it went well.
Bob was late for work again. As he jogged to his car he noticed he had a flat tire. He looked in his trunk but there was no spare. He called his sister to come pick him up. After that he made sure he always had a spare in the trunk.
Buddy is the family dog. Buddy lives a happy life for a dog. He is fed and well taken care of. One evening Buddy gets to run outside. He runs out in front of a car and gets run over and dies.
Cheyenne went across the street to show her new glasses to her Aunt. While she was there her cousin tried to call her glasses ridiculous. The only problem was that she couldn't say ridiculous. It came out dic-or-ish instead. Now her whole family says dic-or-ish when they mean ridiculous.
Abby was invited to a girl's trip to Seattle with her friends. Abby accepted the invitation, and were on their way to Seattle. After checking in the hotel, Abby fell straight asleep. When Abby awoke, her friends had returned from their night out. Abby was mad that she missed a night of fun because she was tired.
I went mini golfing yesterday. It was pretty fun. I was happy to go golfing. All the sudden my ball went in the water. I had to rescue it.
Edward was a star football player in high school. He worked very hard every single day. When the state championships came, Edward was thrilled to play. He managed to make the touchdown that won his team the game. Everyone agreed that Edward was the best player on the team.
I went with my mom to the supermarket to help her with groceries. I went in a different isle to find something for her. I ended up lost since the place was huge. I ran across each aisle for several minutes. Before she left, I found her.
Leslie wanted to save money on textbooks. She checked the library to see if there were copies available of one. Unfortunately there weren't any. Leslie was mad. She decided to photocopy all the pages from her friend's textbook.
Tiffany was an adventurous eater. She tried new and different foods everywhere she went. Once during traveling abroad, Tiffany tried food from a street vendor. Tiffany got food poisoning from the street vendor's food. Tiffany then became much picker and less adventurous about food.
He messaged me asking why I didn't respond. I continued to ignore him. He started calling me names. I messaged back and said it was payback. He had treated me terribly and now it was his turn.
A bear wandered through the woods. It sniffed at branches and dug up buried nuts. Feasting on the land it made its way to the river. Once there it fished for a while for a larger meal. Satisfied with the catch and the fish it returned home to sleep.
Bob adopts two lion cubs. Everybody thinks he's crazy when he decides to raise them. But Bob is convinced that they won't hurt him. Six years later Bob's wife finds him torn to pieces by the lions. Everybody is sad but nobody is surprised.
Tom was out playing in the snow. He was wearing gloves but the wrong type. They soaked up a lot of water. Within hours the gloves were frozen over. Tom actually felt warmer after he took them off.
Allie was a CEO of a small company. She decided to take it public. So the company had an ipo. She was nervous how it would trade. But thankfully she made 100% immediately.
I went on the subway yesterday. I was so distracted I ended up missing my stop. Then i got mad. I had to wait for the next train. I ended up being late.
In 6th grade I had a boyfriend I liked very much. I went out of town on a family vacation. While I was gone, I bought him a nice souvenir with my own money. When I got back, I found out he didn't like me any more. I kept the souvenir for myself.
Fred wanted watch a movie. It was on a channel that he didn't get. He decided to upgrade his cable. He called the company and let them know. Luckily, they were able to immediately upgrade him.
The exciting part of graduation day is seeing who'd fall off stage. When Charles accepted his diploma, he almost fell off the stage! The steps are always too high! But Vicki, she looked and waved as she took her first step down. The depth of the step surprised her and she fell off the stage.
Caden had just started driving on his own. On Caden's first day he hit a mailbox. Caden sped away as fast as he could. Caden felt guilty about hitting the mailbox. Caden returned to fix the mailbox.
My landlord called saying a plumber was coming by today. I was mad because I had plans to do something else. I decided to cleanout under the sink for the plummer. The plumber was at my place all of ten minutes. I am glad I cleaned up the sink because plumbers charge by the hour.
Ava was roller skating one day. Suddenly she tripped on a rock. She pitched forward and landed on her leg. A huge gash opened on her knee! Ava had to rush to the hospital for stitches.
Tom was a rookie hiker who decided to hike by himself. He was having a great time on a hike he had done many times. Losing track of time, the sun went down, leaving him in darkness. He was lost, because everything looked much different at night. Eventually, he found his way home by following the north star.
Ashley had just gotten her driver's license. It was her first time driving by herself. Without her mother's help, the winding roads quickly confused her. She knew she was lost, and pulled over to ask for directions. The clerk at the gas station guided her on her way.
James visited his parents for the holiday. He went to return overdue library books for his mother. He noticed the librarian looked just like him. He was convinced his mother had an affair. The librarian told James that he was from England and not the states.
Tim played basketball on his highschool team. He had a crush on the cheerleader Kimberly. One day Tim made the winning basket. Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek. Tim got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment.
Danny's aunt sent him a gift. It was a pair of shorts. Danny tried them on but they didn't fit. He tried to hold them together with a safety pin. It worked well enough, so he wore the shorts.
Ava was invited to go camping. She agreed to try it. But when she got there, she hated it. There were bugs everywhere! Ava decided camping was not for her.
Anita had pushed her adult son around hard that day. While leaving a store she told her friend, I should have broke a leg. Suddenly, Anita tripped and fell down. She broke her ankle and was sent home in a cast and wheelchair. Her son came to visit and she cried over taking advantage of him.
Allister was practicing her with her bow. She obviously was only shooting targets. Well that's all that she planned to shoot. Her hand slipped when she was  shooting cause the arrow to fly wild. It ended up coming straight down and landing on the instructor's foot.
My sister-in-law has a cat named Oliver. Oliver is a very ornery cat. He doesn't like anyone when he first meets them. After a while he warms up to most people. He is a nice cat when you get to know him.
Lester liked to swim. He visited the rec center a couple times a week to use the pool. Eventually the rec center closed down. Lester was upset at not having a place to swim. He began to swim at the lake instead.
Jane moved into a new apartment. It had a gardening area. She planted a lot of flower seeds. After a short while they began to grow. Jane had a beautiful flower bed in no time.
Katie was a cheerleader. Her squad was raising money for new uniforms. She had to help sell cookies. Katie sold the most. She was excited when they were able to buy new uniforms.
I thought Miranda was cool. I was very intimidated by her. I was assigned to work with her in class. When I actually spoke to her I was surprised. She was a really annoying person!
Bill was a bit of an amateur carpenter. He decided to build some chairs for his house. He wanted them to be comfortable and nice to look at. He built four. Only one of the didn't break within weeks.
Lucy and Mary were playing in Mary's yard. They gathered ants and put them in a jar. Lucy suggested they race their ants. They put the ants into a box and watched. All the ants did was run around in circles.
Jeremy put on his new pirate costume and was ready to trick or treat. The kids all met out front and started walking the neighborhood. They stopped at each house, rang the doorbell, and got candy. When he was done, Jeremy returned home so his mom could inspect it. Jeremy ate a few pieces of candy before bed, and saved some for later.
Brianna was at the prom with her boyfriend. The two were supposed to be dancing right then. Instead she couldn't find him. Little did she know they were crossing paths all night. They kept missing each other until the end of the night.
A truck hit Amy on the highway. Amy called a defense lawyer. The lawyer helped her very much! He got her a $240,000 settlement. Amy was thrilled with the outcome.
My friend has a hat. The wind blew his hat away. My friend chased his hat. I chased his hat with him. We caught my friends hat.
It was time to bathe the kids. The two autistic kids made a huge mess. The babies squirmed all over the place. The little girl wanted to play until the water got cold. Once they were dry and in bed, I could get a bath.
Sam was called into the game to replace on of his friends. He ran as fast as he could to get to the goal. One of the other team's players tripped him. He got up and ran for the goal. He kicked the ball to make the winning goal.
Leo was on a safari in Kenya. He saw no animals at all! But then his guides called his attention. Leo looked and saw three lions approaching! They got almost close enough to touch!
Amy wanted to be Cinderella for Halloween. Her mother told her the costume was too expensive. She decided to make her own costume. It took her 5 hours to sew a dress. As a reward her mother bought her the wand, and the tiara.
Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch. All morning she was looking forward to her food. At lunch time she went to get the food. She realized that it had all gone bad. She reluctantly threw the food out.
Alison is a young girl in high school. She meets a boy. She spends all of her time with him. She gets surprising news one day. She is pregnant with the boys baby.
Berry and Coby wanted to share a chocolate bar. Neither trusted the other to cut it perfectly in half. So coby suggested that one person cut it and the other choose. Berry agreed and the went to cut it. Before Coby could choose, Berry put both pieces in his mouth.
I decided to purchase food from the fast food restaurant. The cashier handed my order when it was done. When I looked at my order, it was a cheeseburger instead of chicken. When the manager saw it, he realized that my order was wrong. They gave me a refund and provided the correct order to me.
Diana's daughter was in a ballet class. The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos. During the daughter's photo shoot, Diana tried to take a photo. The photographer became angry and told her that it wasn't allowed. Diana apologized and put her phone away.
In the sixth grade, my best friend Marty and I made a deal. We agreed that neither of us would have girlfriends. We would only hang out with each other and do guy stuff. Two weeks later I found out that Marty had broken our agreement. I found him holding hands with Julia at recess!
Olaf wanted vengeance on the clan who killed his family. Olaf wasn't strong enough and needed to train more. Olaf put himself through a heavy training regime. He goes to the clan and starts a battle to get his revenge. Sadly, Olaf did not succeed and joins his family in the afterlife.
Westin lived in the woods. Westin wanted to build a log cabin. He spent days chopping trees and piling logs. He laid the logs and wedged them into place. Westin had completed his new log cabin!
Ryan is playing baseball. He is up to bat. His team is really counting on him to get a hit. Ryan swings at 2 pitches and misses. The last pitch comes across the plate and Ryan strikes out.
I bought bubbles to play with the dog. I blew the bubbles outside in the yard. She chased them around, trying to catch them. She snapped at the bubbles as they floated. After she was tired, we went back in the house.
Ginny has a new house. She hates decorating. Luckily, her friend loves to decorate. Ginny paid her friend to buy decorations for her house. Now Ginny has a very cozy house.
The band set up for a show. The drummer couldn't find his bass drum. He asked the guitarist for help. They went out to the van to look. The base drum was sitting next to the van.
Tommy told Hannah that he had a friend that liked her. He revealed that Sean was her secret admirer. Hannah had no idea who Sean was but agreed to meet him. Sean met her but was too nervous to say anything. Hannah decided to run away.
Susie wanted something different. She wanted to change her hairstyle. So she decided to get a curling iron. She made her hair into perfect curls. She then got compliments everywhere.
Steve went on a date with his girlfriend mindy. It was a very chilly day in New York. He took off his sweater and handed it to her. Having done so made his body too cold for the rest of the evening. He got sick one day later.
My dog dug a hole in our backyard. One night while I was walking, I fell in the hole. I tried to walk back to the house and couldn't. My husband drove me to the hospital. The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle.
Since they were traveling to Chicago the Smith family too a train. They have been warned not to drive because of the traffic. They were anxious for the train ride. Along the way they all took turns looking out the windows. It was a smooth commute and they really enjoyed it.
My wife went toy shopping yesterday. She is buying a birthday gift for our granddaughter. She was told the granddaughter likes art. My wife bought a giant plastic art easel. I said it was bigger than the child.
Susan always felt alone. She didn't think anybody cared about her. She tried cutting herself to get attention. It hurt too much and she gave up, though. The mark wasn't enough for anybody to care.
One night, my dog would not stop barking. Annoyed, I finally let him outside. He kept barking, but suddenly ran back inside. He smelled awful. He'd been sprayed by a skunk!
We have a large water cooler at the office. A particularly clumsy worker tripped and knocked it over. The water spilled all over the floor. While a coworker and I helped clean, the clumsy one walked away. We called her to get back over here and help.
Nathan threw a quarter into a well. He wished for peace and tranquility. When we woke up the next day, he saw his divorced parents. They were talking about getting back together. Nathan was excited to hear.
Karina was an older lady who worked in a fast food place. She had her eye on a younger man. She eventually got him to date her. The relationship lasted a few months. After the man had his fun he left her.
Liam loved stickers of every kind. He put stickers on every surface he could. Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls. Liam had to clean all the stickers off. Mom gave Liam a sticker book so now he can start a new collection.
Tammy was at work when she heard her neighbors gossiping. Then she heard her friend's name come up. She didn't want to seem snoopy but felt she had to tell her friend. Unfortunately, this started a huge fight that Tammy wanted no part of. She apologized and retreated to her desk where no one would bug her.
Tom had an old sofa. He didn't want to replace it. One time he jumped on it too hard. It broke down the middle. Tom decided to replace it after that.
Dan bounced in the bouncy castle. All the kids and adults looked at him funnily. Dan didn't care. He bounced and bounced and bounced. Dan only stopped when they called the cops and made him leave.
There was snow everywhere. I finally got my motorcycle started. I was driving really slow. I got a quarter mile from the house. And I slid into a snowbank.
Sara was at the grocery store. The cashier asked her if she wanted to buy a reusable bag. Sam decided to do so. From then on, she brought her cloth grocery bag with her shopping. Sara felt good about her positive environmental impact.
Rupert had signed up to do his magic act at a local hotel. The night of the show, he practiced and practiced. At six thirty, it was finally time to start. He did every trick well, and the audience applauded. The show was an overwhelming success!
Gina is recently divorced. She has two kids. In order to provide for her kids, she works all the time. So her kids have a good life. But Gina is tired all the time.
Billie and her family were going on a hike one day. They stopped near a stream for water. Billie's father removed a couple dishes from his backpack. The whole family started panning for gold. Billie found a few small nuggets that were worth quite a bit.
Katie fell in love with a pair of high heels. She knew she didn't need them. She decided to buy them anyway. She ended up dipping into her budget. Katie did not have enough money to pay her rent.
When the races were over, they were famished. They went downstairs to the restaurant. She ordered a grilled salmon. She got a salad on the side. She was proud of herself for eating healthfully.
The casino player challenged me to a game. He quickly shuffled a ball between three cups. He told me that I will get $100 if I guess which cup had the ball. I picked one cup and I found out that no ball was in there. I picked up the other two cups and they didn't have a ball either.
My wife's boss had been worried about her husband. He had been hospitalized for two weeks. Initially they thought he had pancreatitis. Later they said he was diabetic. He was released but has to get insulin shots.
Sarah loved to eat hot dogs. She decided to fire up the grill and cook one. As she was cooking, a big storm came and blew out her fire. Sarah ran in as cook as she could. She was devastated her hot dogs were ruined.
Jan was anxious about her 25 year class reunion. She went on a crash diet and dyed her hair blonde. Jan showed up at the reunion confident of her new look. But no one paid attention to Jan and her old beau walked past her. No one recognized the trim blonde stranger.
The kid's shoes were giving him blisters. He put on some socks. That helped a lot. Soon, his blisters were better. The kid realized he needed to wear socks at all times.
David loved stories. His mother was too tired to tell him stories. David begged for just one story before bed. His mother relented and started to tell him a story. David thankfully fell asleep before long.
Nora wrote a novel. She shopped it around to a few publishers. At her third stop, her book was accepted. Nora was thrilled! She couldn't wait to see her book in print.
John wanted chocolate for Christmas. But when he got candy canes, he was disappointed. He hated the peppermint taste and it's hard crunch. John complained to his parents. But they said thought he was spoiled.
My friend Sue's sister got married over the weekend. It was her first wedding, at 46. She is very attractive and we wondered why she took so long. She ended marrying a very handsome man. There were many nice FB photos of the wedding.
It was Austin's birthday. Austin was excited for his gifts. Austin's parents entered his room. They sung happy birthday. Austin got a puppy and was happy.
Hank tossed a baseball in the air and watched how it fell. He picked up the ball and tossed it up again. When the ball was 3' off the ground he swung a bat at it. The ball connected with the bat in a loud smash. The ball went sailing far away from where Hank stood.
Robert moved up north, where it got much colder than he was used to. He was not prepared for the maintenance needed for his car. After work he went to open the door and it came off in his hand. The handle had frozen shut in the extreme cold. Robert was out one car door handle.
Jill wanted a pet for her family. She went to the pet store to look for an animal. She wasn't sure if there were any pets still available. Jill saw a cute puppy in the back of the store. Jill bought the puppy and brought it home to her family.
Ryan wrecked his car. His insurance gave him a ten thousand dollar reimbursement. Ryan went shopping for a new car. He decided on a brand new sedan. Ryan took his new car home that evening.
Tim was trick or treating with friends. They all got a lot of candy. Tim noticed one friend had more than everyone else. They all checked his bag. He had stolen their candy and they took it back.
Barney had tickets to take his dad to a USC football game. On gameday, they drove around the stadium looking for a parking spot. Barney's dad saw a parking space but worried whether it was legal. Barney decided to park in the questionable parking spot. After the game, Barney found an expensive parking ticket on his car.
George worked in a kitchen as a chef. He hadn't been keeping the kitchen clean. The health inspector came to look at the kitchen. George got a lot of write ups. The owner of the restaurant was upset with George.
Tim has a science quiz tomorrow. He also has a football game. Tim has not been studying. When Tim went into class, he was nervous. He didn't study and failed his quiz.
Sam's glasses broke while he was playing football. They snapped in half right in the middle. Sam had to use tape to hold them together. He was embarrassed - until his brother said he resembled Harry Potter! Then Sam was proud of his cool, stylish glasses!
Snoop went to the store for cigarettes. When he got back home, his mom handed him the phone. He was shocked to hear his younger sister screaming on the line. He calmed her down enough to find out where she was. Snoop raced to his sister's location as fast as he could.
Jeremy broke his leg the other day. It hurt really bad and he had to go see the doctor. The doctor put a cast on his leg. Now Jeremy won't be able to use his leg for a few months. Jeremy is really sad about his broken leg.
Jake was nervous to meet Becky's parents. She assured him that they would love him but he didn't buy it. They arrived at the restaurant and are seated at a table. Her parents arrive a few minutes later and are greeted by Jake. The dinner went well, Becky's parents loved Jake.
Clint wanted to find a hobby. He began playing the guitar. He would practice at school. He did concerts for his friends. He won a talent show at school.
Luis was riding a roller coaster. He realized he wasn't buckled in. When they went upside down, he held on for dear life. He could feel himself slipping. He barely made it off the ride safely.
The couple went to the ice machine. The girl grabbed some ice. She threw the ice at the boy. He picked up the dirty ice. He threw it back at her.
Lily was supposed to go to a AA meeting that night. But she felt very depressed and stayed home. Later that night her sponsor Jerome came by. He asked her what was wrong and made her talk about her day. She ended up crying so Jerome stayed with her to get her through it.
Larry was fishing down at the lake. He brought his dog Fred with him. Fred went off into the woods. Hours have past and Fred didn't come back. Larry was worried sick about his Dog.
Olive was a girl who enjoyed making things with tools. She often disregarded safety rules such as needing adult supervision. One day while working with an awl she was impaled by it. There were no people nearby to administer first aide or to call for he. She lost a great deal of blood before her body was discovered.
Ashley likes to take her dog Cora for a walk in the afternoons. Cora minds really well, so Ashley doesn't use a leash. Last Saturday, Cora saw a squirrel and ran out in the road. Luckily she didn't get hit by a car. Ashley now puts Cora on a leash when she takes her outside.
It was Christmas eve. Mary didn't have enough money for gifts. Suddenly, she heard a knock on the door. A neighbor was there. The neighbor had brought her several gifts.
The company was losing money. They announced layoffs. People were scared to get cut. They worked very hard to keep their jobs. The company did not have to lay anybody off.
Ringo was working the night shift as a police officer. Ringo had to arrest a guy because of disorderly conduct. The guy bit Ringo! Ringo had to go see a doctor for the bite. The doctor cleared him of all possible bite related illness.
I went to vote for the first time. I knew I wanted to vote for the governor. But I did not know what else to choose. So I just marked that name. I left the rest blank.
Olivia didn't like going to school because her teacher was mean. The teacher was always yelling at the students and insulting them. One day Olivia brought a small toy to school even if she shouldn't. The teacher caught Olivia holding her toy and took it away. The teacher opened the door and flung the toy onto the playground!
Anna was feeling a little bit sad. Her cat had recently died. Anna cried in her room for days. Her mother cheered her up by buying her a new cat. Anna no longer felt sad with the company of her new cat.
Caitlyn was walking to the grocery store. Suddenly she encountered an angry little dog. The dog barked before lunging at her. Before she knew it, the dog had bit her in the leg. She kicked it away and ran, luckily escaping the beast.
Annie got a summer job babysitting. She watched her neighbor's two girls. The girls enjoyed having Annie paint their nails. Annie also braided their hair and sang to them. The girls thought Annie was a great babysitter.
My daughter works at an RMV in Revere, Massachusetts Last week a policeman assigned to the RMV saw a car in the lot. He was suspicious and approached the car. The driver was dealing pot in the parking lot. The policeman arrested the driver.
Steph was excited to be at a wild concert. But she struggled to see the band. Someone threw mud at her face. But a man helped wipe it off and put Steph on his shoulders. Steph felt safer and was able to see her favorite band members.
Michael loves jeans. He could never find a nice pair though. He had been doing research forever and finally found some. Everything seemed perfect so he ordered them. When they came in it was like magic, the perfect pair of denim jeans.
I started a new job last year working with disabled adults. It is a pretty casual job, and I schedule my own hours. I like how I can work independently at this job. The job is also very rewarding for me. I see myself at this particular job for a long time.
I like to drink craft beers. On Monday we we went out to dinner. I had a local IPA. IPA is short for India Pale Ale. My drink was good but so strong I had only half.
My dad helped me build an interesting miniature car. It was designed to roll down a track. I wanted it to look cool too. It ended up looking like the batmobile. It would not have been a practical car.
Amy's friend Troy emailed her he had something for her. He wouldn't tell her what and made her wait till break. Troy crept to Amy's desk with his hand behind his back. After failing to guess what it was Amy was handed a large book. Amy was elated to see a book on Healing Foods.
Sarah had an old toothbrush. And she thought about getting a new one. But she figured it wasn't that important. But during a dental exam, lots of bacteria was found in her mouth. Sarah regret not buying a new toothbrush.
Janet was going through chemo therapy. She lost a lot of hair because of it. Her friends chipped in to buy her a fancy wig. Janet really liked the style and was grateful. Her friends were happy to see her smile.
When I got home from work, my house reeked. I could not figure out what the awful smell was. I looked everywhere. I finally checked my gym bag. My best friend has thrown her smelly socks in it.
Drew loved playing defense on his high school football team. During the next-to-last game of the season Drew got injured. The trainer said he suffered a concussion. Drew was forbidden from playing the last game of the year. Drew was disappointed that his injury kept him from playing.
Stassi and Katie were best friends for three years. Stassi became jealous of Katie's other friendships. So Stassi ignored Katie for a year. Stassi began to miss her friendship with Katie. Stassi and Katie eventually made up.
Tom loved hiking. It was just a great place to relax. He went outside one day only to see that it was raining. Thus, he had to stop his hike. This was the last time he could hike for a long time.
Bart was a bit nervous. He had a dentist appointment today. Bart didn't really like going to the dentist. Bart arrived for his appointment and was seen by the dentist. He was happily surprised that he had no cavities.
Derek wanted to cook something good. He kept looking online. He spent an hour, searching for things he can make. He ended up giving up. He made cereal.
I like going to minor league baseball games. This Wednesday my son took me to a Single A baseball game. I bought a bat and a cap. My wife got me three programs. It was an exciting night.
Jim was lost at sea. He had lost course while sailing. He ate fish from the sea to survive. He drank water whenever it rained. He was eventually rescued after 40 days at sea.
Jenna was on her way home from a trip. She wanted to get home to her boyfriend quickly. Her sister wanted to stop at the space museum, though. Jenna impatiently waited as they looked through the museum. Finally, they got back on the road and went home.
Kim entered a potluck at her kid's high-school. It was a bake sale to get money for school. Kim realized it was also a competition. Everyone wanted to see who made the best dessert. Kim sold out sooner than anyone else and won the title.
Kyle was leaving the grocery store with lots of food. He had just finished his family's monthly grocery shopping trip. Then he saw a homeless man sitting near the store entrance. Kyle decided to give the man half of his groceries. He happily went home with only half his groceries!
Sue wanted to go to a new class at her gym. She met a great spin instructor who invited her into his class. At the class, Sue got fit for the bike and learned the positions. Then the class started and Sue had a blast! Now, Sue goes every Wednesday night at 6pm.
Marshall was working at a clothing store. A regular customer came to the store. Marshall recognized her. She was known for writing bad checks. Marshall told the customer she could only purchase with cash.
Kyle traveled to the beach. He took his surfboard from the truck. He surfed for a couple of minutes until a wave hit him. Kyle fell and his foot landed in a rock. A life guard had to dive in the water to save him from drowning.
Hannah was turning ten years old. So she decided to throw a birthday party. She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates. The day of the party, no one showed up. Hannah was devastated and she cried.
Buzzy had overslept. He was in a bad mood. Buzzy smacked the broom against the wall as he yelled at his wife. The handle broke and scratched his hand. Buzzy yelled even louder.
Two brother cats were adopted together. They were scared in their new home. Both hid in small spaces for hours while their owners looked for them. Finally the owners heard mewing behind the couch. The owners lured them out with cat treats.
The man smiled. The woman noticed. The woman smiled back. The man did not notice. The woman felt silly.
Steel was old and very unhealthy. So I had him come live with me. He drank wine every day and got worse. Pretty soon Steel stayed at home all the time. Steel died about three years ago.
When Eric received a call from the hospital, he was very worried. He rushed to his car and drove to the hospital in a hurry. In the hospital, he was lost. He asked the front desk for the right room. But when he opened the door, no one was in the room.
Andy was labeling his clothes. He put his monogram on all of them. When he lost a shirt, he knew how to find it easily. He just looked for the monogram in the lost and found. He found his item quickly.
Lisa went to the gym everyday. Finally she went in for a membership. It cost her one hundred dollars. Lisa ended up using it a lot. As a result she got healthier.
Allie had not been to church in a long time. So she decided to go. She went for a long time. Thankfully she enjoyed it. She wanted to go back the next week.
Jake went to his parent's house to visit. He found his old bike while helping to clean out the garage. It was missing its chain and had a flat tire. Jake decided to fix up the bike and give it to his little brother. His little brother was very happy and thanked Jake.
Eleanor found a great new boutique to shop at. They always had unique, fun items. She bought a dozen sundresses there. She got so many compliments each time she wore them! She knew she'd continue to shop there in the future.
Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday. He had a slice and wanted more. Donald kept eating until he ate the whole thing. Afterwards, Donald's stomach was very upset. Donald threw up in the restroom due to overeating.
Amy's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk. Amy was upset because she liked her current desk. She complained for a week leading up to the move. She told her boss she didn't want to take time to move. When Amy arrived the next day her boss had moved her things for her.
Kevin was an avid golfer. However, he decided he needed help with his swing. He decided to start taking lessons. Kevin's swing got much better. He finally started winning tournaments.
Tim wanted desperately to be good at Tennis. He hired a trainer to help him improve his game. But the trainer was so attractive Time couldn't focus around her. He blamed her and said she was a bad trainer. Tim never did become good at Tennis.
My wife was annoying me. I decided to punch her. She called the police. They arrested me for domestic violence. I realized that I had treated my wife very badly.
Jimmy's mom usually picks him up from band camp. One day, Jimmy's dad offered to go instead. A while later, Jimmy's mom got a text from him. Jimmy was waiting outside alone, and was wondering where his ride was. Jimmy's dad had gotten confused and gone to the wrong school.
Jane was standing behind several people by the lunch line. She was threatened to purchase a juice pouch. As soon as she got out of the line, the person snatched the juice. I called the security guard. After he understood the situation, he gave the bully detention.
Sara was in bed one night during a huge storm. She woke up from the loud thunder claps. While she was listening to the storm, the power went out. Sara was so afraid of the dark that she became terrified. She remained frozen in bed all the way until morning.
The children wanted to put on a play. They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music. On the day of the play, they put on their costumes and makeup. They sang and danced and performed for a large crowd. The audience clapped and cheered for the children.
Sally and Betsy decided to bake a cake. It was time to add the sugar. Betsy got a cupful out of the canister. They tried the cake when it was done and it was horrible. Betsy had grabbed salt instead of sugar!
The woman was getting her hair done. She was going to be in a wedding and needed it to be pulled up. The stylist curled it and pinned it back. It looked lovely! The woman felt very beautiful that day.
Susie went to the casino. She wanted to play slots. So she sat down at the machine. She played for hours. Finally she won one thousand.
Carla was working at home when she saw a big spider on her wall. She jumped at the sight, muffling a scream. Carla moved to her closet to retrieve a broom. The spider was moving fast but she squished it in one try. After throwing the spider away, she went back to work feeling bad.
Mark really wanted to play football for his school team. He spent all summer working out and doing drills. He went to tryouts at the beginning of the new school year. He did his very best to show his new skills. The coach made him a starting cornerback!
Charles was allergic to chocolate. For his birthday a friend bought him an exotic chocolate bouquet. Charles was happy but couldn't keep it. He gave most of the chocolates to friends. Charles still told his friend he appreciated the gesture.
My Dad was hard to buy gifts for. He had most of what he wanted and was a bit picky. It was his birthday and I needed a gift. I decided to buy him some fudge. I knew he liked it when he hid it so no one else could have any!
George read that a farmer's market would be nearby on the weekend. He saw dozens of stands selling fresh fruit and vegetables. He decided to buy a variety of everything available. The produce was the most delicious he had ever eaten. He made sure to make note of when it would come again.
Kelley was bored one day. She wanted to make some gelato. She got the ingredients together. When she tasted it, it was amazing. Kelley wanted to start a business for it.
Tom was working in his yard when he heard a little girl crying. Her kitten had climbed a tree and couldn't get back down. Tom got his ladder and used it to reach the kitten. He rescued the kitten and gave it to the little girl. She hugged him before running back home with her kitten.
Kathy went into the Buckle store to get some jeans. She found some she liked, and went into the changing room. While in there, she heard something weird. She turned to see there was a camera in the room! She ran out and told the workers and called the cops.
Cameron was nervous for her big performance. She was a ballet dancer and was competing in a big show. The judges watched her and took notes. Her performance was perfect! She was awarded top honors.
My friends and I decided to drive to a music festival 3 hours away. After the show we decided not to get a hotel room. The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean. So we decided to just forgo sleep and just drive home. We talked and laughed the entire drive and had a great time.
One day Aaron decided to teach himself how to juggle. He looked up lessons on the Internet. He taught himself over a course of three days. Eventually he was a master! He loved to entertain kids.
I wasn't custom to beach culture. I was wearing socks with my sandals. Some people at the beach was teasing me. I didn't know why at all first. However, a friend of my explained why.
Tim was an expert martial artist. Tim had a long commute to work. Tim thought about how he could benefit from the commute. Tim began squeezing the steering wheel very hard while driving. Tim saw his grip strength increase and was pleased with his decision.
Someone hit Raya and drove off. Raya was young and inexperienced, but not stupid. She managed to get the other car's license plate number. Then she called the police for help. Soon the other driver was caught and arrested.
James was bored. He picked up a book that was near him. He got so involved in it that he read for four hours straight. He read until the final page. James decided he needed to read more books.
George drives a 16 wheeler truck. He was traversing a dangerous mountainside. Suddenly George's brakes had failed. He was speeding towards the edge! The truck was
Spencer bent down to tie his shoe. A pedestrian accidentally knocked him over. Spencer bumped his head on a trash can. He lost consciousness. When he woke up he was in a hospital.
Tim needed money, but was opposed to working for it. He felt entitled to the nice things everyone else seemed to have. He decided to rob a bank. He charged into the bank wearing a ski mask and waving a gun. A security guard shot him dead.
Paul wanted to get a new puppy. His mom told him no. She said he would not take care of it. Paul showed her he was responsible. His Mom was happy and bought him a puppy.
Fred hears a creature gnawing on his furniture late one night. He buys mousetraps at the store the next day. Fred sets out mousetraps all over his home. One of the traps catches a mouse. Now Fred can sleep soundly knowing the mouse is gone.
Steve and Cheryl were newly newlyweds. They wanted to add to their family, but weren't quite ready for kids. One day on her way to work, Cheryl found a cat on the road. It was sick, but they nursed it back to health. The cat has been a member of their family ever since.
The snowstorm was the worst he could remember. They predicted two feet and it was up to 6. They could barely get out of the house. They just waited for the power to come back and the roads to be plowed It was the craziest thing they have ever seen.
Ken decided to go to college when he was done with high school. Ken had to pick which college he wanted to go to. Ken decided he wanted his school to have a big running track. He visited several colleges to decide which one to pick. Eventually, he settled on an out of state college.
Matt and his friends decided to visit Top Golf. Matt had never played golf before. Matt's palms were sweaty from fear of looking dumb. He swung the club and accidentally hit someone's head. Matt was embarrassed and looked away.
Tony was a messy bachelor. He found his apartment's upkeep to be too much of a chore. Tony's friend told him about maid services. Tony decided that that was the best idea. He is quite happy to have a clean apartment now.
Mandi's landlord said that she could have one cat. She went to the shelter to adopt one. The shelter was over populated which made Mandi sad. Mandi adopted seven cats instead of one. Mandi's landlord was mad.
The man sat down on the ground. He was tired of walking. He took out his water bottle. It was empty. The man had to keep walking to find water.
Ana kept getting a call from a strange area code. She Googled it and saw it was a telemarketer. Since her name was on the Do Not Call list, this was illegal. Ana called them back and informed them that she'd get a lawyer! She never got another call from them again!
Mark has always loved to drink wine. His girlfriend recommends that he visit Napa Valley to try wine there. He researches Napa Valley and finally books a trip. On that trip he samples many delicious wines. It was the perfect trip for a wine lover like Mark.
White had always loved playing croquet with his friends. One day, his friends said crochet was boring. He did not listen to them and continued playing. Then, he made many new friends by playing. He became very popular and became great at crochet.
Kim was a good chef. But the restaurant she worked for was going out of business. She decided to start a Youtube channel to show everyone her recipes. And she gained hundreds of thousands of subscribers. Her new job became making Youtube videos.
Timmy hates carrots. But his mom won't give him desert unless he finishes all his food. So he eats the carrots. She lets him have a piece of cake. Timmy is very happy.
Shane wanted a new puppy. His dog had just passed away and he felt lonely. He decided to go the local shelter to look for a friend. He searched until a dog stood out to him. Shane fell in love with the dog and they had a good life.
Bob was always fascinated with birds. He often watched them from his front porch at his house. Eventually Bob wanted a career where he could be near birds. He then went to school for animal research and became a bird watcher. Now Bob watches birds & gets payed for it, and he feels accomplished.
It was lunch time and Kat was hungry. She went to the cafeteria with her co-workers. When they got their they saw that the place was closed! They ended up having to go outside for lunch. Kat and her coworkers enjoyed a nice lunch outside.
Dale was washing dishes in his kitchen one night. He scrubbed his plates off and then tried to use the garbage disposal. While flipping the switch, Dale noticed the disposal wasn't working. He grabbed a bottle of drain cleaner, and poured it down the drain. After waiting a while, Dale cleared the pipe and the drain was fixed.
Tom bought four things of ice cream. One was mint, one was orange, and one was brownie fudge. He got stuck in traffic on the way home from the store. The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess. When he got home, he froze what was left of it.
Harrison loved dogs. He spotted a dog outside his house. He decided to pet the dog. The dog nipped at his hand. Harrison don't pet strange dogs, now.
When Benjamin was in Kindergarten he was having a hard time at home. He fought a lot with his siblings who were older than him. Sometimes he started the fights but most times he just got picked on. Benjamin would go to school and take his anger out on his classmates. He was mean and bullied everyone so they called Benjamin the Bully.
This year, Vacation Bible School was held the second week of July. Kids reserved their place online, and arrived ready to learn. Each night, they explored new topics and participated in games. On the last night, families came and listened to a message. After the message, they ended VBS with food and fun.
Tom bought a new pair of shoes. They were incredibly comfortable to wear. Tom realized that they were really ugly. He tried to not wear them in public often. Every time he did someone made fun of him.
Reggie was in desperate need of new clothes. He felt so bland in the outfits he was wearing. He went online to try to find some deals. He filled his virtual cart with items he wanted. He grew excited as he clicked 'purchase'.
This week the Boston Red Sox play on the West Coast. The games end at around 1 AM because of the time difference. We go to bed at around 11PM. Last night I took my phone to bed to check on the game. I got up at 2 AM to find out the Red Sox had won, 3-2.
It was the first day of school for Timmy. Timmy was going into kindergarten. Timmy met his teacher on the first day of school. He also made lots of new friends that day. Overall, he was excited to go back to school.
In high school I played little orphan annie. My boyfriend Adam played Daddy Warbucks. Everyone made fun of us for our antics on stage. We really enjoyed the play and the attention. When it was over, we wanted to do it again.
After my shower, I noticed my phone battery was low. I found my power cord in my drawer. I plugged the cord into my phone. I went across the room to put the plug in the socket. The plug shocked me because I was still wet.
Young Lilo wanted adopt a dog. Her older brother, Kani, knew what that meant. If Lilo got a dog, it would be his responsibility to take care of. Instead, Kani convinced Lilo to get a pet fish. Kani doesn't have to worry too much about a pet fish.
Some kids were playing by the creek. One found a large stone tablet in the riverbed. They cleaned it up and took it home. One kid's dad said that it looked like an antique. They took it to their history teacher to find out.
Bill woke up early to go to work. He put on his clothes and drove to the office. When he got to the office his assistant handed him coffee. Later that evening Bill went home. Bill was happy to relax after a long day at work.
Bob bought a high-powered flashlight. He decided to shine it in his wife's eyes. His wife got angry. She scolded him and hit him. Bob had to sleep on the couch that night.
I used to be obsessed with horses as a child. My sixth birthday was coming up soon and I was excited. On my birthday, I had a small party of friends over. My parents announced that its surprise time and to go outside. They had bought me a beautiful pony named Twinkle!
Keira came to us from Russia. We purchased her from a reputable breeder. She showed up with beautiful grey fur and brown eyes. We fell in love with her instantly. We gave her a Russian name that we liked.
When I was a kid, I was really sensitive about my nose. One night my mom was drinking with a friend on the porch. I overheard them laughing and talking. My mom made a comment about how I needed a nose job. THat's stuck with me my whole life and still hurts.
Annie had an appointment. She needed to go downtown. Unfortunately, she got lost. She spent almost an hour wandering around. Finally, she found the right building.
Jess decided to form a band. She hung posters at the coffeeshop looking for band members. The next day, two other women called and said they were interested. The three of them met at the coffeeshop and discussed the band. They agreed to work together and began practicing that day.
Kenny really wanted to make his middle school's basketball team. However, he was very short for his age. He hoped his skill would make up for his height. His tryouts went extremely well. The next day, his name was at the top of the team list!
James was out visiting his friends. They decided to visit the local bar scene. They ordered lots of drinks. They drank all night long. They had a great time enjoying each other's company.
Timmy always left his clothes around the house. His mother was always upset with him. She started throwing away any clothes left on the ground. This made Timmy very upset. Tim started picking up after himself.
John went to the hospital to see his dying mother who had cancer. John saw children who had cancer as well. John was saddened that they got cancer at a young age. John wanted to help them in any way. John cheered them up, lifting up their spirits.
Tristan wanted to win an auction on eBay. He stayed in front of his computer for two hours. He bid and bid again loving the competition. When he thought he could get the last bid, his computer froze. He saw in horror that he had lost his bid when the computer came back.
Amanda was bored one afternoon. She decided to build a fort out of pillows. It took some planning but soon she was done. She pretended she was a princess in a castle. Amanda was no longer bored that afternoon.
Mable knew she couldn't mow her lawn at her advanced age. She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it. The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her. When Mabel went to give the boy money he wouldn't take it. Mable shed a tear from the boy's kindness.
I was 18 and it was my first summer away from home. I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash. However, on one weekend night, I ran into this gorgeous girl. She was visiting from Maine, and we hung out all week. She left soon after, and I never heard from her again.
Jane was trying to check out at the grocery store. She used her card, but it wasn't working. She was starting to feel frustrated. Then, someone behind her offered to pay for her. She thanked him and left quickly.
Elena got out of the outlet store. She was carrying two dresses and a tank top. A person ran in her direction. He swiped her bags when they came across each other. Elena couldn't chase him since he was running too fast.
Blanch put on her bikini. She laid out in the sun. She accidentally fell asleep. She woke up with a sunburn. She put lotion all over her sunburn.
James wanted to be healthier. He decided to cut soda from his diet. He bought lots of bottled water from the store. He stuck to his plan to be soda free. He felt more energetic after not drinking soda.
My middle name is often used in conjunction with my first. I was named after a famous cousin. We spoke last week for the first time in months. She was catty and rude, as usual. I ended up hanging up on her.
I had failed a class. I changed the grade on my report card to passing. My parents were proud that I passed. Then, they realized I had changed the grade. They grounded me for lying to them.
Tom's garage band started getting popular. They got a new record deal recently. Their album exploded in popularity. It went platinum and made Tom rich. He went on to have a solid solo career.
Carolann called her friend for a favor. Her friend said yes to the favor. She would provide the activity for Carolann's daughter's birthday. The kids made bracelets at the party. Carolann paid her friend a generous tip for helping.
I bought all the new flavors of pop tarts for the kids. They begged for the strangest flavors. I agreed, but restricted them to one package per day. They decided they liked the root beer the best. My husband and I wrinkled our noses just thinking about it.
Jill cared for her grandpa until he passed away last year. Jill felt sad for a long time. She ended up getting a job at a nursing home. Her job was fulfilling but still sad. Then one day jill met a handsome man and they are now dating.
Rex had a pitbull puppy. A puppy that loved to roll around in trash. So Rex had to bathe him on a daily basis. The puppy hated water though. So every night Rex was left cleaning trash and water masses.
Andy was finished with his business meeting in New York. A couple of Andy's co workers were going to Central Park to ice skate. Andy decided to tag along, since he has never ice skated before. As Andy got onto the ice, Andy fell the the ice bottom first. Andy laughed, but got back up to enjoy his ice skating adventure.
Tom was a bright young college student. Tom suddenly learned his father had cancer. Tom moved back home to help his father. They spent a lot of time together before his father died. Tom's father died in peace.
Dan and Stan were playing mini-golf against each other. Dan took the lead at first but Stan closed the gap. At the last hole they were tied. Dan got his ball in only two strokes. Stan concentrated on his final stroke and got a hole in one.
Ryan battled the bear that had wandered into his camp site. He hit the bear over the nose and heard someone cry in pain. Ryan paused for a moment, then grabbed the bear by its fur. He lifted off a mask and saw a human face. It was his friend Lucas laughing at having scared Ryan.
Tom went swimming with friends. They went to a local stream. The water was too high and strong. They tried to swim a bit but it was too much. They decided to play it safe and return some other time.
Mike's baby momma's husband was accused of child molestation. He allegedly touched one of Mike's daughters. Mike was furious but was called to testify at trial. Mike's testimony was critical to the outcome of the trial. His ex wife's husband was found guilty on all charges.
Sam was washing the dishes. He started with all of the cups. Then, he put all of the bowls and plates in. Finally, he put the silverware in the basket. Then, he turned on the dishwasher.
Yesterday was my birthday. My friends all threw me a surprise party. When I showed up at my house all my friends were there with cake. It was so awesome to be surprised like that. The even got me some presents too.
There was a knock on the door. I looked out the window and the UPS truck drove away. There was a box on the porch that I brought inside. I opened the package excited. Inside was new socks and underwear.
James is a good teenager. He got mixed up with the wrong crowd. It didn't take long till James found himself in trouble. James told his friends that he could not hang around them anymore. James has been staying out of trouble since.
We had a family party last weekend. We used a speaker hooked up to a smartphone. The speaker died as it had not been charged. The tv volume was broken. We found an iPad dock and used that.
Gina didn't want to go to school. She didn't want to sit at her desk near her old friends. She wanted to stay at home and mope. But her mother wouldn't allow her. Gina dressed slowly with a stomach full of dread.
Lindsey's best friend was getting married in a few months. Unsurprisingly, her friend asked her to be the maid of honor. Of course Lindsey agreed, but she was worried about her weight. She dieted and exercised religiously for months. The day of the wedding, she fit into her dress perfectly.
David liked caring for his car. He took it to the car wash. He scrubbed it and then vacuumed it out. David was happy when his car looked great. It made his day go smoother.
Tom was at a party. He asked for a mixed drink. It was really strong. Tom didn't want to seem weak. He drank it too fast and got drunk.
It was Sophie's job to take the trash to the curb every week. One week she forgot it, and the full trash cans weren't emptied. Her mom forgave her, but made it clear she had to do it next week. But that day, Sophie's friends called and invited her to a movie. The trash was forgotten again, and her mom grounded her.
Susy wanted to better herself. So she decided to take some computer courses. She wanted to get a better job. So when she was done she got certified. She then was given a great job in web development.
Oliver had to drive into the office. Traffic was very bad. He called his boss to let her know he might be late. A police officer saw him on the phone and pulled him over. Oliver didn't get a ticket, but he was late to work anyway.
Malia needed to buy a new car. She had her uncle help her look for a new car. They went and test drove a few cars. Finally she found the perfect car for her. She paid for the car and drove it back to her house.
The guys got together to hang out. They decided to play poker. They all put in $20. James lost all the money very quickly. They decided to bail him out and let him keep playing.
Anna went to the gas station on her way home from work. After she filled her tank, she went into the convenience store. She decided to buy a scratch lottery ticket. When she got back to her car, she checked her numbers. Anna won $100.
Allie went to get some pizza. It was not good. This was because it was too big. She couldn't finish it all. She had to return it.
Ashley worked for a cable company. She helped her boyfriend get cheap cable. She then got in trouble at work. Her boyfriend was stealing cable! Now Ashley has no job or boyfriend!
Helen was an elderly lady. She went shopping at the grocery store. A man approached her in the parking lot offering to help her. When she got home she noticed her wallet was missing. She called the police and they arrested the man.
Sally was an artist. She only painted with the color red. One day, Sally decided to use the color purple along with red. Sally really liked the way the colors clashed and sold the work. Now Sally is filthy rich!
Hank always slouched in his chair. But when others told him to sit correctly, he didn't listen. Eventually, Hank developed a bad posture. And it took Years to correct. Hank regret not listening to the advice of others.
Tom took up the sport of golf in April. Soon he became frustrated that his golf score was not improving. He decided to seek the help of a golf pro from his club. The pro spent numerous hours with Tom working on fundamentals. Tom quickly shaved ten points from his handicap.
Karen had been trying to get pregnant for over a year. She finally made an appointment with the doctor. While waiting to go in, she had a special feeling in her belly. When the doctor finished his check up, he gave her a big smile. He told her the news that she was indeed pregnant!
Jean decided she would be an artist. She practiced and practiced and practiced but the ideas wouldn't come. Her work looked bad and lacked meaning. She quit practicing and started doing other things. Suddenly she found a world of inspiration and made beautiful art.
Lane's dad had been in the army and he wanted the same for Lane. Lane loved his dad and wanted to make him proud. But Lane himself really loved medicine and wanted to be a doctor. It took long thoughts and compromises, but Lane found a solution. Now both men are happy - because Lane is a military doctor.
Gina was out of town for a funeral. At first she hated to miss school. Now she was enjoying having some extra time off. She decided to read the book she brought with her. 3 days later the book was done and she longed to go back to school.
Jennifer loved cougars a lot. She had loved them since she was a kid. One day, she decided to travel to the jungle. She saved money and flew on an airplane. Finally, Jennifer was able to see a cougar in real life.
I woke up late this morning feeling very refreshed. I had a bowl of cereal and watched cartoons. Then I smoked weed all day. My friends came over and we played video games. It was a wonderful Sunday.
Jude always wanted to be a snake charmer like his dad. He would watch his dad practice for hours. One day, his father invited him to join him. After five years of apprenticeship Jude finally went off on his own. He traveled far and wide and was very successful.
Sandra was having a dinner party. She served red wine at the party. One of Sandra's guests spilled wine on the carpet. Sandra had trouble getting the stain out. She moved the table to cover the stain.
I'm looking to rent a studio apartment. I don't particularly mind missing the space. I'll need the inexpensive rent. Not to mention I plan to throw small parties there. I think everyone will find me more artistic in a studio.
Brittany was a horrible girl who always told lies. When someone made her mad, she made up lies about them. One day, she decided she wanted to get her teacher in trouble To get her in trouble, she told lies about her to her mom. This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it.
Craig had troubles with his spine. He was always in pain and couldn't find relief. Craig decided to go to an Asian massage parlor. He received a very relaxing massage that provided pain relief. Craig now goes there at least once a week.
When Jerry was a little boy, he wanted to be a scientist. Jerry studied very hard all through high school. He got into college, where he realized he loved animals. Jerry switched his major to become a veterinarian. Jerry graduated with honors and went on to help lots of animals.
I'm a very competitive Halo player. I had a big match with a group of very good players. I wanted to do very well. I was excited and nervous. I lost the game very badly.
Jenna loves walking on the beach to relax. One Sunday morning Jenna decides to have a walk on the beach. As she is walking she steps on a starfish! It surprises her and she jumps in the air with a shriek. Jenna decides that the beach is no longer a relaxing place.
Sheryl loved to go to the circus. Her favorite was watching the animals perform. They danced and swung from ropes. She could have watched them for hours. Sheryl had a great time at the circus.
I really wanted to get a new smartphone. Every one I liked was expensive. The others needed a long plan to sign up. Eventually I found one online. I bought it and it arrives next week.
Anna loved pandas. Her zoo was having a panda exhibit. She was so excited! She went the first day the exhibit opened. She had such a wonderful time!
Jay wanted to do a stunt for his friends. He gathered all the pillows and mattresses in his house. He laid them all in a big pile on his lawn. Jay told all the friends to come and watch his amazing stunt. Jay jumped from the roof and landed in the pile safely.
Martha wanted eggs for breakfast. Eggs were pretty easy to get there on the farm. She gathered enough for everyone's breakfast. Everyone raved about the great eggs she made. She promised to make them more often.
Izzy went to the pet store. She looked at all the cute cats for adoption. She fell in love with a orange tabby named Butters. Izzy decided to adopt Butters. They went home together, happy as can be.
Kate and her friends were on a road trip. After two hours the driver stopped for a break. Kate felt it was too early for a stop. But she decided it would be better to hold her tongue. She simply wanted everyone to get along.
Tom always had bad teeth. His parents couldn't afford braces when he was younger. When he was older he decided to get some. Tom was a bit embarrassed but figured it was worth it. Afterward he wasn't ashamed of his smile anymore.
Tom always loved wrestling. He couldn't afford to join his high-school team. He would try to train alone. There was a tournament open to everyone. Tom entered and won second place.
Me and my friend decided to cut down a tree last weekend Between the 4 of us none of us had any real experience felling a tree. Joe took charge and went after the old pine with a chainsaw. Much sooner than anyone expected the tree began to fall. We got lucky as the tree missed my mom's house by just a few feet!
My birthdays are usually great. However, there is one flaw one. My birthday is right next to Christmas. So I don't get as many presents. It is a little frustrating, but overall I can't complain too much.
Tyler always lost to Adam in their ping pong matches. Adam was always giving Tyler grief over it. Feeling determined, Tyler practiced really hard for a month. Tyler then challenged Adam to another match. Tyler beat Adam.
The man woke up with an earache. He took medicine, but decided to go to the doctor. The man called the office to make an appointment. The man went into his appointment with the doctor. The doctor treated the man and gave him a prescription.
Travis was baking bread. But he was very eager to try it. So he turned off the oven prematurely. And he sliced the bread before it fully cooled. But Travis was disappointed to bite into the soggy slice of bread.
The couple held hands in excitement. They were having an ultrasound for their baby! They couldn't wait to find out if it was a boy or girl. The doctor tried for several minutes, but the baby wouldn't move. It would have to remain a secret!
My friend Dave is ninety nine years old. Yesterday he asked if I had children. I told him he has asked that question several times over. He told me he forgets some things. His daughter told me the family is concerned about dementia.
Dan was on vacation in Australia and had rented a car. He was driving on the 4 lane highway from Sydney to Brisbane. He decided to exit at a small town to eat lunch. He drove for miles expecting the road to reconnect with the highway. It reconnected over 160 miles later.
A wine maker was having a bad year selling his wine. He decided to put a different label on it and raise his prices. Everyone thought that the wine was much better than his last vintage. He sold all the bottles by the end of the year. Once the last bottle sold he drank a glass to celebrate.
Kim was driving home as a hurricane was coming. There was more traffic on the highway than she expected. Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop. The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth. Kim hurried home afraid the wind would blow over a tree.
Jen loved to wear high heels. She was wearing her favorite pair one day and stepped in a crack. She got stuck and couldn't get out. It ruined her shoe. Luckily she was able to get it fixed.
Sue had lost her wedding ring. She looked everywhere but to no avail. She was heartbroken! Then a kind neighbor returned her ring! He had seen it lying on the walkway outside.
The dogs were asleep on the kitchen floor. Their snores could be heard throughout the house. When the door was opened the dogs still kept snoring. All of a sudden the dryer buzzer went off. The dogs still kept sleeping.
My wife bought a purse on FB. The seller lived in Belmont, three miles away. We Googled her address and drove there. She was late due to traffic. She arrived and my wife was pleased with her purchase.
The day had come to close down the pool. Ted was just about done with only the pool cover left to do. He drug it out over the edge. He tried to realign it, but slipped and fell into the water. The cover closed perfectly above him.
I got a field biology internship. We were going to be studying shore crabs. I thought I'd be at the beach all the time. Instead, I spent most of my time in front of a computer. It turns out that science is mostly math and spreadsheets!
Marie had a lover named David. In the spring, Marie and David planted flower seeds along a road. Later that summer Marie and David were driving along the road. They discovered that the flowers were blooming. They stopped the car, got out, and took a photograph of the flowers.
I started a business. I didn't want to pay taxes. I told my customers I only accepted cash. That way, I could evade taxes. The IRS found out and fined me.
Julia really had to go to the bathroom. She was stuck in the mall with her friends. She excused herself and tried to find the closest one. When she finally found it she rushed in a screamed. She had accidentally gone into the men's restroom!
A man made a wishing well next to his mailbox. People drove by and threw coins into his fountain. At the end of the week he collected all the money. He had so much money that be took his friends out to eat. He paid for the entire meal in change.
Bruce and was on a third date with a girl he really liked. He had taken her to his friend's Christmas party. He didn't even notice the mistletoe hanging in the doorway. But his date did. They had their first kiss under the mistletoe that night.
Gary bought some grid paper for work. He had to make charts of the financial transactions of his company. He spent two hours coming up with many charts. The boss looked at his charts and was impressed. He was promoted for his great work.
Eric got a job selling magazines. Eric was good at his job, and he sold a lot of magazines. Eric discovered that he found some of the magazines objectionable. Because of his values, Eric could not keep selling those magazines. Eric quit his job, and got another one selling firearms.
Mike and Mary were madly in love. They'd been together for 10 years and were recently married. A few months after their honeymoon, Mary had a surprise for Mike. She was pregnant. Mary had an ultrasound and it revealed that she was having a boy.
Tom bought a new jacket. He thought it looked nice. All his friends told him it was ugly. Other random people concurred. Tom returned the jacket at the store.
Tommy decided to stop at a fast food place for lunch. He noticed one of the employees sneeze into his burger. Tommy was very upset and complained to the manager. He screamed very loudly until the manager almost cried. Tommy was given another meal for free and a very sincere apology.
Fred had a bad sleeping schedule. He wanted to sleep earlier. He began to sleep 5 hours later each night. After grueling nights, he accomplished this. He was able to get his sleep schedule back on track.
Inga was babysitting her nieces at her house. It was time for their nap so she left them in the guest room. She went in about an hour later to check on them. She found them putting doll clothes on her cat. She was shocked that her cat hadn't run away.
Yolanda was filthy. She couldn't wait to take a bath. She filled up the tub. She added some bubbles. As she slipped in, she smiled and took a deep breath.
Lance is feeling lonely one day. He knows that singing always make him feels better. He decides to sing a short song. He feels much better after. Lance temporarily feels less lonely.
Fred had a stomach ache at school. But he didn't want to miss out on anything important. But as the day went on, his stomach ache got worse. In Fred's last class, he threw up. And he regret forcing himself to stay at school.
Sam's boss was mad at him for making a mistake at work. The boss called Sam a word that Sam was unfamiliar with. After work, Sam went to the library to look up this word. He grabbed a dictionary and checked. Indeed the word was a foul thing and Sam felt sad.
Ashley and Joy went to see a movie. They decided to see a horror film. The movie was scarier than they thought. They ran out of the theatre room in fear. The girls decided to see a comedy instead.
Andrew got a email from the library that he has books past due. So Andrew grabbed the books that were past due. He left his house with the books and walked to the library. He entered the library with the books in his hand. He gave the books to the librarian then walked back home.
Tim was at school. He took off his jacket during lunch break. He couldn't find it when they had to go back to class. Tim looked everywhere with other's help. Unfortunately he never found the jacket.
Joe likes computers. He works on them everyday. When he graduated high school, he went to college to study computers. Joe studied hard everyday. Joe graduated top in his class.
My son's box of toys was very full. We needed another box to keep them in. We ordered one from the internet. We waited for it to come. It finally came in the mail.
Dan lived in the desert, but he planted crops anyway. He hoped he could raise food for his family. As weeks passed he grew nervous, knowing it must rain soon. Finally the skies thundered and rain gushed down. Dan's crops were saved, and they flourished!
Suzie was very good at spelling words. She could spell anything at any level of difficulty. Her mother was so happy, she signed her up for the spelling bee. Suzie did very well at first but was very nervous. When asked to spell a simple word, she fumbled and missed it.
Kurt graduated from law school ten years ago. His school held a ten-year class reunion. At the reunion, Kurt bragged about how many Twitter followers he had. The other attorneys at the reunion laughed behind his back. Kurt did not realize how shallow and stupid he looked at the reunion.
I was sitting at a party, and my friends and I realized we were hungry. We decided to order some pizza. We asked everyone else at the party if they wanted pizza, too. Only three other people said they would also eat pizza. We ended up ordering four pizzas.
Lynn arrived at the school and joined the bean bag toss. Her job was to pick up the bean bags and the kids through them. She kept score for the team at her station. At the end, she announced the winners. Then, the kids rotated, and she instructed a new set of kids.
John went skating with friends. His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried. John tried the trick but fell and broke his ankle. Since he could not walk home, John's friends called his mother. His mother arrived and said John was no longer allowed out to skate.
Gary got a spot on his face. He didn't worry, until five more appeared. He got to school and the spots had spread. Gary's spots itched. Gary was sent home with chickenpox.
Ally's husband told her he was cheating on their marriage. Ally became very upset. She decided to book a trip to Fiji to get away. While she was there, she met a beautiful younger man. They fell in love and Ally decided to stay in Fiji.
Jim really wanted to make his girlfriend happy on Valentine's Day. Even though he didn't know how, he promised to make her dinner. He burned the turkey and dropped the stuffing on the floor. Jim's girlfriend thanked him for trying to make her happy. They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time.
Tina had been reading a book for a long time. She was anxious to finish it. Two weeks later she still was not done. She had fifty pages left. When the power went out that gave her an excuse to finish it.
The winter snow storm caused classes to be canceled. My friends invited me to go skiing on Mount Richards. I'd never skied but decided this was a good day to learn! On the slopes that day I fell, and fell, and fell again every time. That was the most frustrating day of my life!
Bill had a bad case of the hiccups. He drank water and held his breath. But his hiccups didn't go away. His chest began to hurt from. And he had to go the doctor's office.
The sirens started going off. The children went out into the hallway. They never thought a tornado would actually hit. The roof started coming off the school. Luckily no one got hurt.
I had some pretty flowers in the backyard. I cut them and arranged them in a vase on my table. Later, I read on the internet that the flowers were poisonous. I quickly tossed the flowers into the trash. I mowed the lawn, hoping never to see the flowers again.
Tim wanted to start a web store. He wanted to sell his art online. After a while Tim didn't make any sales. It cost too much to keep trying. Tim had to shut down and give up.
Lucy was depressed. Her grandparents were trying to cheer her up. Their attempts only made it worse. She tried to be polite, but she just wanted to be left alone. She asked her grandparents to leave her alone and locked her door.
George needed to lose weight or he could get diabetes. He had been overweight for a very long time. He had not been successful with weight loss at any point. He hired a personal trainer and a professional chef. After a year George lost a lot of weight and felt much better.
I was wrapping gifts for my mom the other day. I was in my room with the door closed. She came in. I asked her to leave because i was busy. She complied and I kept the surprise.
Katy's cell phone was broken. Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one. She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store. Katy looked at a bunch of phone until she found that was just right. She then purchased the phone and started making calls.
Chet and Reba planned the perfect wedding. They had spent almost two Year's planning for this day. Unexpected Spring showers came right before Reba appeared on the isle. She was about to start crying until she saw Chet. The weather was irrelevant, she was happy to finally get to marry him.
Jo liked to watched soccer. He decided he wanted to play. He signed up for team tryouts. He practiced every day. Jo made the team.
Olive was very happy that day. She was hopping on the sidewalk with glee. She took her keys out and threw them in the air. She caught them put she lost her balance. She fell on the floor and hurt her hip hard.
Frank lived in Oregon. It had just become legal to grow marijuana. He planted a seed right away. He waited for the seed to begin growing. Unfortunately, nothing ever happened and the plant wouldn't grow.
Russ and Tom went to the lake to play. They saw splashing and ripples in the water. Russ ran over to see what was going on. It was a huge snapping turtle climbing onto a rock. Tom was so excited he didn't stop talking about it all day.
Barry drove to a national park to climb a mountain. He walked out of his car with his supplies. Barry climbed to the base of the mountain and began to climb. After a long climb, he made it to the top and took a picture. Barry climbed back down from the mountain and went home.
Tim was on a date. The girl kept avoiding getting too close. Tim eventually noticed he had bad breath. He tried using some tic tacs. Unfortunately by then the mood had already been killed.
Dan decided he wanted to lose 40 pounds over the Summer. Dan watched his diet very carefully. Dan jogged every evening. Dan felt himself getting more lean with each passing week. Dan lost 43 pounds that Summer!
I decided to treat my brother to some food by a local seafood place. When the waiter gave us a table to sit on, we made our orders. My brother enjoyed the food until he started to get nauseous. His face started to swell and he had trouble breathing. I immediately took him to the hospital.
Milly was playing with her jack in the box. She always startled when jack jumped up. This time she actually screamed when he popped out. Her brother had put a scary looking mask on him. She never played with that toy again.
Karl always wanted to go swimming with dolphins. Unfortunately, he wasn't able to swim at all. He swallowed his ego and took swimming lessons aged 30. The next year, Karl went on holiday to swim with dolphins. When he finally did it, he felt like his life was complete.
Eddie was just a local boy from Georgia. One day he heard there was a movie being filmed. Eddie was lucky to become an extra. He sat in the stands behind a speaker in the movie. Eddie gloated to all his friends he was a movie star.
Katie, Briana and Susie all wanted to play jump rope. None of them had a jump rope. Katie noticed a small hose in her front yard. She disconnected the hose. The girls were able to use the hose to play jump rope.
Mark went to the shopping mall to look for some shoes. He ran into Jane while walking to the store. Mark likes Jane a lot. They ended up having lunch together in the food court. Mark didn't find the shoes he was looking for, but he didn't mind.
Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night. They all ate heartily. But the next morning, they were all feeling ill. They had gotten food poisoning from the Chinese food! Tam and his parents had to miss school and work that day.
An old man got annoyed by all the people who came to his door. He took off his front door and replaced it with a brick wall. When a salesman came to his house he was very confused. The man knocked on the brick wall and waited. He eventually gave up and left to the old man's delight.
Astrid had a favorite pair of socks. They were high socks in a rainbow pattern. One day, she could only find one rainbow sock. She searched high and low for the missing sock. After an hour, she found it in the closet.
His cousins were coming later too his house. So his mom made him clean all morning. Get groceries in the afternoon. Get ready in the evening. His cousins came to his house.
Will had no car. He always had to ask for rides from his friends. He was saving money to buy himself a car. He finally saved enough money. He bought himself a car.
Tim was on an airplane. There was a kid running around annoying everyone. His parents didn't seem to car. Tim asked the flight attendants to do something about it. Eventually they convinced his parents to settle him down.
I went to get new shoes yesterday. I hated my original pair of shoes. When I walked into the store, I immediately saw a pair of black ones. The black ones caught my eye. I immediately picked them up and bought them.
Maddy had never tried coffee before. Maddy took a big swig of her friend's coffee. The taste was bitter, but she liked it. Maddy ordered her own coffee. Now, Maddy drinks a coffee everyday.
Tom was excited for Tuesday, it was his new favorite part of the week. His favorite taco truck had started to park near his place of work. Every Tuesday he would eagerly wait for the truck to pull up. He would buy ten tacos and eat them all under thirty minutes. This all had to stop when his doctor told him he had diabetes.
The man greeted the stranger. The stranger smiled back. The man remembered that. The man saw the stranger again. He introduced himself as Bob.
Jim's lawn seemed that it always needed to be watered. So Jim decided to replace his lawn with dirt. He called a landscaping company. And they told him the cost of having his lawn replaced. In the long run, Jim would save money by conserving water.
Kate was almost out of gas on a desert highway. She and her friends were becoming anxious about running out. They hadn't seen a sign in miles. Finally the lights of the gas station could be seen up ahead. The girls all let out a loud cheer.
Tina had just lost a lot of weight. She was proud of herself. So she entered a swimsuit contest. Tina won first prize in the contest. She was so proud of herself!
My 99 year old friend Ben likes to talk to people. Today he met some Chinese people on the bench outside. He told them he had gone to China on business ten times. He invited them to see his photos of China sometime. They took down his information.
The kids loved playing with pool noodles. They would float with them. Sometimes, they'd hit each other with them. Pool noodles were a fun, cheap toy. They bought a dozen of them the next time they went to the store!
David had a new job. He was a ranger in the state park. He loved being in nature and helping people. His first week, he saw a mother bear with her cub! David was thrilled with his new position and couldn't wait to learn mo.
Rick was eating his breakfast. He was having cereal and orange juice. His cat kept begging for food. His cat wouldn't stop making noise. Rick had to feed his cat treats in order to silence her.
Alice was a sweet girl, but she was also very sneaky. When she thought her teacher wasn't paying attention, she would be bad She would say bad words and tell other kids bad things. One day her teacher talked to her about the right thing to do. From then on, Alice decided to be a good student.
Sally was an investment banker. One of her favorite companies was having a bad week. Sally kept telling herself she would buy stock in them any day now. Suddenly the price shot back up at the end of the week. Sally had failed to buy any additional stock, and was disappointed.
Tina went to her friends house. They were trying exotic dishes. Her friend made some octopus. Tina hated it. But her friend loved it and wanted to eat it every day.
I just moved to the mountains. The elevation can change dramatically one mile to the next. Once it snowed two feet when I had to go to work. I got in the truck and made it to work. By the time I got to work, there was no snow to be seen!
I had a summer job in Chinatown in 1968. One day I used the restroom after work. My boss and coworkers left, thinking everyone was gone. I could open the door but not lock it. I left anyway, and nothing happened.
Tim's neighbors had an ugly dog. Nobody like to play with it. Tim felt bad for it. He would play with it often. They became good friends after a while.
Erin decided to go to the bar. There she drank way more than expected. She drove herself but was too drunk to drive. So instead she ordered a taxi. Luckily she made it home alright but it was a close call.
Carey found out she was pregnant after she broke up with her boyfriend. She struggled about what to do. She was concerned the pregnancy would ruin her academic career. She decided to have the baby and give it up for adoption. Years later, carey felt that year off was a small price to pay.
Frank decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner. He went to the store to buy some hot dogs. It turns out, the grocery store was out of them! Frank was so confused. He then realized he'd forgotten it was the Fourth of July.
My brother was playing on the swings. A bee flew by and attacked him. After a few seconds, his face started to get swollen. My mom took him to the hospital. He was treated with medication.
My truck was starting to act weirdly recently. I asked my parents what they thought the issue would be. No one really knew, but it was getting worse. I finally took it to a mechanic and he said it was a simple fix! He gave me an oil change and my truck was as good as new!
Paul and his friends were having a sleepover. His mom said that they could rent a couple of movies. They all looked online and tried to pick. It came down to a game of rock, paper, scissors. Finally, the decision was made and they chose two comedies.
Meg is learning to drive. She is on the road with her Dad. She is driving great. Her father asks her to try to parallel park. She hit another car while trying to park.
The Benson family ordered a big batch of chicken wings for dinner. They were extra spicy but no one knew that. Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain. All of them guzzled their drinks down. They are broke out laughing because of what happened.
Wendy took out a glass of champagne. She poured it in a baby cup. She sipped on it while watching television. She cried at the loss of her baby girl. She had fallen ill earlier that winter.
Jason woke up to the sound of water. It was coming from his basement. He went down to the basement to see what was happening. The basement was totally flooded from a leak! Jason called a plumber to fix everything.
I was sleeping soundly. Suddenly, I heard gunfire outside on the street. I opened my blinds to see what it was. A man had just murdered another man. I called the cops and the man was arrested.
Nancy's friends expected her to swim since she's an adult. Nancy felt too embarrassed to tell anyone. Sam and Earl picked her up. They threw her in the pool. Everyone became alert when she started to  splash the water.
Richard was coughing excessively inside his home. He realized it was due to dirty air filters in his home. He bought new air filters from Amazon. He installed them as soon as they arrived. Richard no longer coughed inside his home.
Lisa was swinging on her swing. All of a sudden, her sister jumped out in front of her. Lisa could not stop herself in time. She kicked her sister and kicked her in the head hard. To this day, she has a hard time enjoying a swing.
Kim attended a concert. She listened intently to the music. She even went on stage! The band invited her to a party. She went to the party.
The singer walked onto the stage. A hush fell over the audience as the arena darkened. A single spot light on the singer interrupted the darkness. The singer closed her eyes and began to sing. The audience erupted into applause before settling in for the show.
Jeff was a strong writer. He was working on a few novels to be released. All of his novels had the same reoccurring theme. This was that the protagonist was always blonde and muscular. Jeff likes to think it's him, despite him being ginger and skinny.
The new album from my favorite pop star came out today. I bought the CD at the store. However, on my way home, I dropped it down a storm drain. I squeezed my way into the sewer. After an hour of searching I finally found my CD.
Sally was on a date. She ordered a few things she never had before. Octopus was on the menu. She thought she would try it to show her date she was adventurous. She threw up later that evening.
I needed to go to the store, so I got in my car. As I was pulling out, an old lady hit me. We both got out of the car and exchanged our information. I called my insurance, and they told me to call the police. When the police got there, they took our statements.
Tina liked Ryan. They started going out. Then she realized he was superficial. She no longer wanted him. They broke up.
Dan had worked hard all week, and decided to relax on Sunday. Dan decided he would catch up on his favorite show Scandal. After binge watching his favorite show, Dan took a nap. Once awake, Dan decided to order a pizza for dinner. Dan was thoroughly enjoying his lazy Sunday at home.
Georgia's Girl Scout troop did a beach cleanup one day. Georgia found a total of one hundred empty bottles. She received a badge for her good work that day. She was very happy. Her parents were proud of her.
I walk with a cane due to a stroke. In 2013 we went to visit my son's new apartment. It had hardwood floors. My cane hit a rug and slipped, causing me to fall. Luckily I was not hurt.
Donny was learning to skateboard. His friends were teaching him to do a trick. Donny attempted to do the trick. Donny fell and sprained his ankle. His friends had to help him home.
Jim Brown was the meanest kid in his community. Everybody hated Jim because he was so mean. One day Jim tried to pick a fight with Mark. Mark had practiced karate for 12 years. Mark defended himself against Jim.
Gina was alone at her grandparents when she lost her phone. Now her grandpa's car was pulling in the driveway. Her mother, and her siblings had been with Grandpa. Gina ran to her mom and asked if she had taken her phone. She cried when she found out her mother didn't have the phone.
Lucy and her grandpa were going to buy fireworks. Lucy chose the fireworks she wanted. Her grandfather wouldn't let her get them because they were dangerous. Lucy was upset he vetoed all her choices. In the end he allowed her sparklers, and snappers.
The creepy cable dude would come to the Perez house often. He claimed to be checking the cables for organization and damages. One night he arrived too late for anything logical but insisted. Tommy, the oldest son had a bad feeling and called the police. When they arrived they found knives and sedatives on the cable dude.
The Lake family loves the zoo. They go there every Saturday. First they see the petting zoo. Then they visit the gorillas. Finally, they see the lions before going home.
Dick had tried to get a fire started all afternoon. His attempts at rubbing twigs together failed, but he had no lighter. Suddenly, Dick remembered that his dad packed several matches. He looked through the backpack and found all, but one soaked. He lit it and had a blaze in no time.
My friend Sam went to Germany last month. He returned this Sunday. He got upgraded to first class and was happy. However, he was mad because the flight was delayed for 2 hours. It took him 9 hours to get back to Boston.
Ted woke up and decided to have a bowl of cereal. He walked down to the kitchen. Ted yawned and poured his cereal into the bowl. He opened up the fridge and saw no milk. He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead.
Loris had always wanted to be famous. One day he submitted a singing video to an internet talent contest. He was choose to compete in the final round, on TV. Performing on stage was so exciting. He didn't win, but he had a lot of fun.
Jennifer and Siri are best friends. Tonight they are having a sleepover. They thought it would be fun to see how much soda they could drink. They stayed up all night drinking soda and eating junk. The next morning they had terrible stomach aches.
John felt very lonely in his house. He decided to find a companion to share it with. He visited his local humane society. He met a friendly dog named Sam. After John took Sam home, he didn't feel lonely anymore.
Susie wanted to get pregnant. But she could only do ivf. So she went to the doctor to get the shots. She had to learn to do them herself. Susie was so scared but finally it was not so bad.
In Mexico, I got to visit 1 of the 7 wonders, Chichen Itza. My classmates and I took a big bus to get there. On our way back to the city, the bus broke down. We sat in the sweltering Mexican heat for hours waiting for a new bus. Finally, the new bus came to take us back to the city.
Pruitt saw an ad in his local paper about making a quick grand. Being down on his luck, he thought why not. The job was to hold a spot in line for 12 hrs. Pruitt accepted and waited patiently in line for the next day. Pruitt was surprised when the man came, paid him and took the spot.
Elena was giving her baby a shower in the bathtub. The setting of the water's temperature was raised to a high level. The baby started to cry since it was hot. Elena didn't notice how hot the water is until she touched it. She immediately lowered the temperature down.
Chris enjoys cooking for his family. On Tuesday night, he made his special tacos. His mom told him that they were delicious. Chris was proud because his family enjoyed them. He's already making plans for what to cook next time.
John did not like his body image. He realized he was too fat and wanted to lose weight. He changed his diet. He exercised a lot. He finally achieved his goal by losing many pounds.
Ally wanted to make cookies. She looked up a recipe online. She followed the instructions carefully. When they were finishes, they tasted terrible! She discovered she forgot the sugar.
All the kids went to the pool. They were having fun splashing around. But then the one kid went to get out. But his swimsuit started to fall down. He got so embarrassed and teased by his friends.
Maggie put a load of laundry in the washer. Then, she accidentally fell asleep. The next morning, she remembered her laundry. She checked on it and found that it smelled mildewy and gross. She decided to run another wash cycle.
A night nurse called the doctor. The doctor said the baby was in distress. The pitocin drip was stopped. She was left lying there all night long. The doctor wasn't coming in to help.
Last week Cara and her best friend Jill went to the ocean. They laid out in the sun to get an even tan. To her dismay, Cara found out she had a terrible sunburn. She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling. She then learned her lesson and would never tan again.
Anne was in charge of baking a cake for the party. When she was taking it out of the oven, she accidentally dropped it. On the way to the party, Anne stopped at a bakery. She bought a cake to bring to the party. At the party, everyone raved about the cake.
Charles rented a room in May's house. One day, Charles had an urge to try his luck in Vegas. He was very lucky at dice, making six thousand his first night. He stayed in Vegas for two weeks, gambling, making $80,000. He came home and someone was in his place, May rented his room out.
Carlos wants a cup of coffee for breakfast. He pours a cup for himself. Unfortunately, he spills it all over the table. Carlos spends a few minutes cleaning up. He still wants some coffee.
Mickey was walking barefoot in his house. He stepped on something. His foot started throbbing. He looked at his foot. There was a toothpick stuck in his foot.
Jane rode her bike to Walmart. She rode inside and knocked down all the shelves. The security guards chased her around, but she was too fast. Jane returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv. Jane was wanted by the police for her antics.
David loves to tell bedtime stories to his grandchildren. He has three grandsons and  one granddaughter. His grandsons love stories about cowboys. His granddaughter loves to hear about princesses. Most of the time he reads a little bit of both kinds of stories.
Tina made some coffee yesterday. She was about to drink the cup. Then she realized it was too strong. She couldn't drink it after all. She had to add some creamer first.
Alex was determined to make his freshmen year in college great. So he was horrified when he slept straight through his first class. He was frantic until his roommate told him the notes were online. Sure enough, his professor had posted all the notes for that day. Alex had never been more grateful for the Internet.
Bert was working the grill at his restaurant. An order for a cheeseburger came in. Bert placed the food on the grill and waited. After a few minutes, Bert noticed that the burger was burned. Bert quickly removed the burned food and replaced it.
I was getting a divorce. My wife wanted our kids and dog. I hired a lawyer to fight her claims. My lawyer was the best in the city. I won the rights over my kids and dog!
Cindy came down sick. She could not move off the couch for 3 days. She went to the doctor. All the doctor could do was prescribe some medicine. Cindy started taking it that night
My parents invited me over for thanksgiving. I needed to drive a few hundred miles. I packed up some snacks and got up early. I drove the long trip to their house. I went inside and enjoyed a nice meal.
Crystal's bank made a mistake with her account. The bank deposited money into her account that wasn't hers. Crystal noticed this immediately. Crystal was an honest person. She called the bank to inform them of the mistake.
It was expensive to eat while Kate was in Las Vegas. Originally she wanted a hotel room with a kitchen. But her friends said it was not important. But the cost of meals was adding up fast. Kate wished she had insisted on a kitchen.
Gary wanted a diamond ring. Gary recently lost his job and could not find another. One day, Gary walked past the jewelry and had an idea. Gary decided to rob the jewelry store. Gary got his ring but is now a wanted felon!
Rosemary had been begging her mom for a pet. She however didn't know what pet she wanted. At the pet store she looked at dogs, cats, birds, and fish. Rosemary was on the verge of leaving when an animal caught her eye. See found out it was a hamster and she ended up naming it speedy.
No one was sure how the lion had escaped from the cage. The armed lion handlers scoured the deserted circus grounds. They heard a thundering roar and headed toward the sound. The lion was unexpectedly mauling a giant bag of cotton candy. Now safely tranquilized, they took the lion back to its cage.
The man collected comics. He kept them in a garage. The garage flooded. Some of the comics were ruined. The man replaced the ruined comics.
One day my niece's six year old son acted up in school. He acted like he had a seizure. My niece picked him up from the nurse's office. She took him to Children's Hospital, and he was found to be ok. He later told his mom he had faked the whole thing.
Jay was an undercover police officer. He spent the last 2 years deep inside a gang. He was building a case against the gang overlord. The overlord had committed over 2000 crimes under Jay's watch. Jay managed to film lots of this and hoped to apprehend the overlord.
I published a book of poems a few years ago. A friend who encouraged me to write the book had me over last night. As we began sipping our drinks I realized I saw a copy of my book. My friend was using it as a coaster on his coffee table! I laughed on the outside but wept on the inside.
Bill liked to go to fast food joints. He loved the dollar menu items for their variety. But his local joint stopped doing the dollar menu. He got so mad he ran into the store and showed his anger. They made him the menu items he wanted just out of fright!
Al loved eating Pastrami at the deli. He ate from the same place everyday for decades. One day Al suffered a heart attack. His doctor told him his diet had to change. Al no long visits his beloved deli.
Sally was a basketball player. At the last game she played, she broke her leg. Sally had to go to the doctor and get a cast for her injury. Sally had to wait 6 weeks to have the cast removed. Once the cast was removed, Sally was able to play basketball again.
It was low tide along the coast. Anna went for a walk. She saw a tide pool and crouched to inspect it. She saw urchins and starfish, lovely and strange. Anna was impressed by the aquatic beauty!
When I was young, I loved skipping around. It was fast and carefree as a method of travel. I decided to skip to work today for old time's sake. I got tons of strange looks. I don't care because I truly enjoyed it.
Tom went running outside every morning at 5 am. One morning in the winter it was very dark. He was not wearing his caution reflectors. A car came very close and shot a rock at his leg. It scared Tom, now he only runs in the daytime.
Amber and her family loved the 4th of July. They were really excited to go see the fireworks. All day they prepared. They packed a picnic dinner and went to the park. When the fireworks started they loved them.
Diana took her daughter for a swim at the beach. A band-aid in the water moved in their direction. The daughter touched the band-aid. When Diana saw the band-aid, she freaked out. It took her several minutes to stop shaking.
Rose lives in an orphanage. She had always wanted to be adopted by a loving family. She had waited for ten Year's. Then one day she got the call. A lovely family wanted her.
My 98 year old friend Joe called me today. He wanted me to sit on the bench with him. It got cold after awhile so we went in. I sat with him while he drank his soup. I left him after an hour.
Paul was having a hard time getting around in his basement. He was having difficulty because the basement was full of clutter. Paul decided enough was enough, he was cleaning out the basement. Paul arranged for a dumpster to be dropped off on his lawn. Paul spent an entire day cleaning and organizing his basement.
Rachel wanted to play tennis. She had never played before. She decided to take lessons. She got better. She finally joined a team.
Jason lost his in the campus clinic. A student walked in and asked to speak to a doctor. Jason asked here what was wrong? She said it was personal. Jason said he wasn't a gynecologist but he'd take a look.
In the last mile of a marathon only two runners were in contention. They began to pick up their pace and run even faster. One runner slipped on the ground and tripped the other. They both tumbled and fell on the ground. They rested for a few second before getting back up.
Walt worked at his workbench. He sat on a tall stool. After many hours, the stool hurt his back. He traded it for an orthopedic chair. It felt much better soon!
It was the last minute of Jacob's basketball game with the score tied. Jacob's team had the ball and was getting ready to score. He drove the ball to the hoop and got fouled with one second left. Jacob went to the free throw line to take two shots. He missed the first shot, but made the second to win the game.
Katy was sick of being single. Instead of complaining, she decided to go on a blind date. At the blind date, she talked to 10 guys in total. She was not interested in any of the 10 guys! Katy will try again tomorrow, and hope for better luck.
Erica was on her morning run. She saw a stray kitten while running through the park. She took it home and fed it. She decided to keep the kitten. She took the kitten to the vet the next day to get vaccinated.
Karen woke up late on garbage day. She hurriedly gathered all the garbage from each room in the house. Karen stuffed all the garbage in the city garbage bag. The garbage bag split down the middle. Garbage spilled out all over the floor.
Sid decided to take a break from long hours of homework. He thought he would just play video games for half an hour. But he ended up playing until 3 AM. Sid never finished his homework. But felt he deserved to have fun.
Barry's wife had just given birth to their daughter. Barry and his wife had not picked a name yet. However, after brainstorming, Barry and his wife picked Debby. Debby was the name of his wife's late mother. Barry and his wife were glad his daughter would have a honorable name.
William was playing basketball in the park. After making a far shot, the ball flew and hit a group of guys. They were immediately irritated and stood up from the bleachers. As they approached William, he ran. They tried to chase him before he got away.
Ella was visiting her Polish grandma. Her grandma made her a bowl of oxtail soup. Ella thought it sounded awful! But she screwed up her courage and tasted it. To her surprise, it wasn't that bad.
Gina has to walk to the other side of campus late at night. About halfway there she notices a 40 year old man following her. She freaks out and pulls one of the school's panic lights. The 50 year old man identifies himself as campus security. Gina is embarrassed but relieved.
The boys were all set for their weekend in the woods. They had packed up all their gear and were ready. They hiked in to their campsite and began unpacking. The site was beautiful, right next to a waterfall. They spent all weekend there, having a blast.
Larry is one of the best poker players ever. He is playing in a championship match tonight. He is almost about to win for the 5th time tonight. When the camera's catch him counting cards. Larry is arrested and banned from ever playing again.
Donald is on a bus ride with his baseball team. They are on their way to a game an hour away. About 30 minutes into the ride the bus stops. The bus begins smoking and everyone is ordered out. The bus is broken and the team misses the game.
Kia had to walk home every day after school. One day it was raining badly. She had forgotten her umbrella! Luckily, a stranger offered Kia his own umbrella. Kia was very grateful for his kindness.
Emma wanted to see the space shuttle launch. She went to the Cape when there was a scheduled launch. There, she waited eagerly. The rocket took off right on schedule. Emma was awed by its size and power!
I had a red painted turtle as a pet when I was a child. The department store sold them for $1. One day my school photo fell into the water in the turtle's container. The turtle drank some of the water. Moments later, it died.
Out of all the desserts, Bob like slushy drinks. Fruit flavored were his favorite. His mouth was always red from eating them. Some people told him he shouldn't eat them. But he still does everyday.
Anita's mother took her to the zoo. They went into a room with a special aquarium tank. It was designed so kids could gently touch aquatic creatures. Anita was allowed to touch a sea anemone! It was a great day that Anita would remember forever.
Mary decided to grow a garden. She went to the nursery and purchased tomato plants and some seeds. She planted everything in the backyard. She watered the garden every day. When she ate her first tomato from her garden, she was so happy!
Jake was having a problem with all the leaves in his yard. He went out to the yard and started picking them up by hand. It was very tiring and Jake was getting frustrated. Jake thought there had to be a more efficient way to pick up leaves. Jake bought a rake and it was a lot easier!
Beth and her family went to the amusement park. Beth was nervous to ride the big roller coaster. She was afraid she would get sick from the ride. Beth faced her fears and rode the coaster. It was so much fun, she decided to come back the next day.
I was playing music on my CD player. I dropped the CD player. It didn't play music anymore. Then I found twenty dollars on the ground. I was able to buy a new CD player.
Ashley bought a bottle of rum. She filled a glass with Diet Coke. Then she added some rum. She got drunk fast. Ashley died of alcohol poisoning.
Kate's mom had a virus on her computer. It was Kate's job to clean it for her. She ran a virus scan and found something. She ran a different one and found a few more. However there were so many the virus scans couldn't catch them all.
I had to go the doctors the other day. I had this horrible stomach ache for days. I could not bear the pain any longer. The doctor gave me tests. He found that I had food poisoning.
Ian was playing on the playground. His mother had told him to be careful on the slide. Ian climbed up the chute of the slide. He tumbled back and hit his head. Ian was more careful listening to his mother.
There was a prize for the best wrestler in the state. Jenny was always told she couldn't win because she was a girl. Jenny practiced everyday and tried her hardest at competitions. Jenny made amazing progress and was confident at the state finals. Jenny wound up losing in the first round to a very skinny boy.
Alfred always wanted to go to a petting zoo. He got his wish for his twelfth birthday. His parents took him and his friends to one. There he got bit by the first animal he tried to pet. Now he hates petting zoos.
Jim has been looking forward to next week's football game all week. But when he tries to get tickets they are sold out everywhere. Finally he resigns himself to the fact that he's not going to go. But that day his girlfriend surprises him with tickets to the game. Jim thinks it's the best birthday present he's ever received
Frank had a pet bird. He was trying to feed it one day when it escaped its cage. It began flying through his house, scaring everyone. Suddenly, it stopped on his sister and pooped. Frank was able to catch it and put it back.
I signed up for a running contest. I wanted to win first place. In the middle of the race, I lost my shoe. I decided to just keep on going. Even though it looked weird, I won first place.
Tommy was going to get married. He went to the tux shop with his groomsmen. The men tried on their suits. They also tried on shoes. The men paid for their fittings and rentals before leaving.
It was a warm night in the Yorkshire dales. The area was very sparsely populated. Carol and Joe would spend summer nights looking at the stars. Because there was no light pollution, they could see everything. They shared those special moments for years to come.
The Anderson's were trying to save money. They had cut their budget everywhere they could. The decided to trim their grocery budget. They mixed in more beans and rice. It saved them a lot of money!
Vickie was watching her grandson. All of a sudden he started shaking. He was having a seizure. Vickie called 911. The ambulance took him to the hospital.
Haley told Vince a deep secret. He promised her that he wouldn't tell anyone. When he arrived at school, he shared the secret to Ben. Ben made fun of her and mentioned something personal. Haley realized that what he said was apart of her secret.
I once had a really close friend that I went to school with. We always looked out for each other. One day he moved off to school. I was sad that we would not see each other. Fortunately, I was able to buy a phone so we could talk everyday.
Sam was at the ball game. He ordered a hot dog. When he got it he took a bite without looking. The hotdog was soaked in tons of mustard. Sam complained and got another one.
Monday my neighbor grew tired of a local thug stealing his deliveries. Tuesday he devised a plan that included his dog Felicia. Wednesday he fed Felicia food designed to empty her stomach. Thursday he placed Felicia's stomach contents in Priority Mail box. Friday he watched the thug steal Felicia's stomach poo.
Brian was the oldest brother out of three. He always led the younger two in doing house chores. He wasn't the nicest brother in the world. One day he hurt the youngest one's feelings. The younger two resented him from that point onward.
Tim had to clean the basement. His parents told him to. He was very angry. He thought the day would be ruined. However he ended up finding his favorite football in the basement.
Sam was feeling sick one day. Then he got spots all over. His mom told him he had chickenpox! Sam was sad at first, but then he resigned himself to it. He tried to be glad he was getting it over with while he was young.
Brian was playing with his video games just after his friend had left. He wanted to play a racing game, but couldn't find the disc. After a long search he became suspicious of his friend. Right then, his friend arrived at his house to confess and apologize. Brian was angry but he forgave his friend.
My bills seems to be getting too large and I'm not in control. I went to a church service that talked about controlling your money. I took their advice and began paying down my bills. I have paid off five bills in the last 3 months. I have control over my bills and feel better about myself.
Last year my daughter was late in giving me a birthday gift. She said it was on order. Then she said she forgot to pack it. Finally, I got it six months later, and was pleasantly surprised. It was a bobblehead of myself.
Ellen has a garden in her backyard. Ellen is very proud of her garden. Recently, Ellen discovered rabbits eating her vegetables. Ellen bought a plastic snake from a garden supply store. The plastic snake is keeping the rabbits out of Ellen's garden.
Juliana was shopping at the grocery store. She was pregnant but still far from her due date. Suddenly, she felt a pain in her stomach. The pain increased rapidly and she realized that she was in labor. A store manager called an ambulance and she was taken to the hospital.
Joanna went outside to play with her soccer ball. She discovered the ball was missing. She searched the neighborhood for it, but to no avail. Her neighbor then called and said she had found it in the street She returned it to Joanna and they both played with the ball.
When Mike was in college he had a huge crush on this girl. He thought they would be perfect together. So he decided to ask her out. He was pretty upset to find out she had a bf and was a huge smoker. He just found that to be a really unhealthy habit and moved on.
Heavy winds and rain started to appear outside. Eventually, a thunderstorm occurred. I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed. The thunderstorm didn't fade away until tonight. When I woke up, I found out that the skies were clear.
Jan crouched in the rafters of the garage. Mark was on top of the garage roof with a garden hose. They were determined to find where water was leaking into the roof. Mark worked a grid pattern with the hose. Mark and Jan discovered, they had multiple leaks in the roof.
Jon was a schizophrenic. He thought that a man was out to kill him. In reality, the man was a figment of his imagination. Nevertheless, Jon did not know the difference between fact and fiction. Ultimately, Jon lived his whole life in fear of the man.
Emily is riding her bicycle home from school. She sees an injured bird on the ground. She picks him up and and takes him home. She nurses the bird back to health. It is a bittersweet moment when she watches him fly away.
My jelly shoes came from Wal-Mart in a small Arkansas town. They were cheap, but pink with silver sparkles. I loved those shoes more than any other at the time. I wore them to the local park, and accidentally got tree sap in them. No matter what I tried, the sap refused to clean out.
Swarthanger was the smartest kid in his class. He was routinely bullied for his name. One day, Swarthanger changed his name to PickFu. The beating was relentless. Swarthanger realized he was horrible at choosing names.
Emana had been married for eleven years. But she and her husband always fought. They had stayed together while their kids were small. But now their youngest was nine, so they divorced. Emana and her ex ended up much happier.
Sally trained exceptionally hard to be an astronaut. NASA selected her as a finalist on a new mission to the moon. Sally impressed the directors with her skills and knowledge. The board announced their decision on who made the cut. Sally will be going to space with nine other astronauts.
Yesterday I was running with my friends. We decided to run in the woods. I ran as fast as I could. Yet before I knew I, I tripped over a log. I ended up falling flat on my face.
Kathy got very sick. She hated taking medicine. She refused. She kept getting worse and worse. She wished she had taken her medicine.
My cat Egypt is a very pretty cat. She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in. One male cat comes to our window everyday. I caught them kissing in the window one day. It was very sweet to see them do that.
Clarence thought himself a very clever boy. He invented his own electric burglar trap and wired the front door. He forgot his dad hadn't yet come home. The scream was funny until he heard the voice call his name. After that, Clarence never made any more burglar traps.
Tom started a new job recently. Tom had to complete a three month training program. Tom failed the final test at the end of the three months. Tom was such a great employee in every other regard. Instead of firing him they promoted him.
Sarah had a fear of heights. To confront her fear of heights Sarah contacted a group of sky-divers. Sarah agreed to jump from an airplane with the group of sky-divers. Sarah met with the group of skydivers for proper training. Sarah jumped out of a plane with the group of sky-divers.
Esteban was seven years old and lived with his parents. One day he saw his mom putting cookies into a jar on the counter. Esteban loved cookies and decided to climb up and get them. As he climbed he bumped the jar and it fell and shattered. Esteban felt guilty and knew he would be in trouble.
Emma was a very good gymnast. In fact, she was so good, she hoped to go to the Olympics. She worked very hard and was chosen to represent her country. And when her turn came, she did her routine to perfection. She was very proud on the podium when she received her medal.
I thought Disco was dead. I heard an old Bee Gees tune recently. The song brought back many memories. I went online and found all the Bee Gees old hits. This proved to me Disco is alive and well.
Olivia was working at a vet's office. She was the secretary. Olivia really liked the animals that came in. She decided to go back to school. Olivia became a vet.
Ted is visiting his doctor. At the doctor he receives news. The doctor tells Ted he has cancer. The doctor gives him 6 months to live. Teddies 6 months later.
Two weeks ago I left a shopping bag on the floor. It was a reusable canvas bag. Our cat sat on the bag all day. That night we found she had torn the bag with her claws. We left the bag on the floor and she still plays with it.
Ryan is a film buff. He favorite movies are B movie horror flicks. Recently, he discovered one he has never seen called Slaughter High. He was very excited and told all of his friends. They decided to have a movie night so everyone could enjoy together.
John's sister always teased him about his hair. She would say he looked like a troll doll. One day, John couldn't take the teasing anymore. When she started teasing him that day, he kicked her. She never teased him again.
Tom was up late studying for an exam. He woke up late the next morning. He barely made it in time to take it. Tom tried to rush through the exam as best he could. Unfortunately he ran out of time before he could finish.
I always wanted to interview singer Bobby Womack because he was great. I felt his music described an interpretation of my life through songs. Mr Womack died in 2014 at the age of 70 after a long illness. I had so many questions I wanted to ask him about hurt and love. I read Mr Womacks autobiography and I'm a better person for it.
John didn't feel like going into work. He just wanted to spend the day playing video games. So he called in sick. The next morning he woke up with a sore throat and cough. He pretended to be sick not realizing he actually was.
Dylan was on his way to school one morning in his car. His tire popped halfway to the school! He sat on the side of the road in despair over how tardy he would be. Suddenly, a kind lady pulled over and gave him a ride to his school. Dylan was happy that he made it to school on time.
Two men were in the wild. They both saw a raft in a river. They devised a plan to get it. The men tied a rope on a tree to hold himself. They retrieved the raft thanks to the rope.
Jayna loved to give people hugs. She watched as every student filed into class. One by one she went around the room and gave each a hug. Her hugs caused every student to smile. Jayna was able to make all the kids feel special with her hugs.
Gina's mom promised her that she would buy pizza. She came home with a box. Gina immediately took it and went to the kitchen. She opened it. She was sad when she found out that one piece was there.
Ellie wanted to go to the arcade today. Ellie made plans to meet her friend Zack there in the afternoon. Zack cancelled plans with Ellie right after she got there. This wasn't the first time she got cancelled on. Ellie was annoyed with her friends for being so unreliable.
Darius wants to learn how to dunk a basketball. He is going to spend all weekend working on his jumping. He is also going to work on his dribbling and footwork. By the time he is done practicing he'll be able to dunk. Darius is excited to show his friends his new skills.
All the kids in the neighborhood came out after dinner. They played kick the can until the streetlights came on. On Joe's way home he stopped to talk to old man Brown. He walked right into the garage like he usually did. Old man Brown was laying on the floor, dead of a heart attack.
Tom wanted to break out of his shell. He felt that he always played it safe. He set up a bungee jumping appointment. When the day came Tom cancelled it. He felt disappointed in himself for chickening out.
On Saturday we went to Chinatown for dim sum. After dim sum we went to a grocery store next door. We bought items needed for the upcoming Ching Ming festival. We bought incense, candles, and paper money for the April 4th event. We left the items in the car, away from home - a Chinese practice.
An anchor man worked at a local news program. The anchor man lied on air about military service. The news organization was really upset with him. The viewing audience was also upset with the anchor man. The news organization had no choice but to fire the anchor man.
In elementary school, I and my friends were on the baseball team. We practiced all summer to be the best we could be. One day, our coach made us all work until we all became dehydrated. He gave us warm water to sip and told us to suck it up. Many of us quit after that.
The Lee family's home lost power. It was dark and cold at night. The three Lee children were afraid. Their father set up a makeshift campsite in the living room. The children ended up having a blast and were no longer afraid.
Joy was taking a figure drawing class at the local community college. Today they were working on male anatomy with a live model. The students stood around a platform waiting for the model to arrive. Then her brother Joe walked in! Fortunately he was able to keep his shorts on for the class.
Priya moved to the big city for the first time. She's dreamed about this move since she was a little girl. Excitement was spilling from her smile. She opened the door to see her old, tiny, overpriced apartment. She wondered if it was worth it.
Julia has been working with the same company for many Year's. She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months. Julia decided to meet with her supervisor. She was able to negotiate a pay increase. She felt accomplished in achieving her goal.
I was on my way to work last night. I had not slept a lot the night before. I did not feel like going in for eight hours. I drove half way to work. I ended up turning around and going home.
The camp leader prepared a camp fire. The kids took out marshmallows and started to roast them. A gust of wind blew the fire. The kids backed up. However, Ian's eyebrows were burned off by a small fire.
When I was two, I was on a summer car trip with my family. It was hot, so we stopped at a gas station for cold drinks. My father pumped gas and my mother and brothers went inside. I was left outside to drink a tall bottle of orange soda by myself. I finished the whole thing and was sick the rest of the day.
Dave took a vacation. He decided to go to china. He hires a tour guide to take him. He visits the great wall and takes many photos. He has a great time
I went to visit my mom the other day. I had not seen her in a few weeks. I brought her some lunch. I thought we could eat together. She was happy to see me.
Eve wanted to go to her friend's party to look for a date. But her mom needed her to help with the family laundry instead. Sadly, I've lugged the clothes to the laundromat and began washing. As she waited there, she began a chat with a cute neighbor boy. And by time her wash was done, she had found herself a date after all!
My friend, Zach and I were playing video games yesterday. All of a sudden, the doorbell rang. Zach opened the door to find a pizza on the ground with a card. On the card was a message thanking my friend. His neighbor left it for him because Zach had helped him move earlier.
I was searching for a cheap place to live. Everywhere I went was overpriced. I thought I would never find a place to stay. I found a cottage that was extremely cheap. All I had to do was mow the lawn and I could live there for free.
Cassie had always dreamed about going to the prom. Her parents were poor and could not afford a new dress. Cassie scoured the thrift stores, but didn't find anything she liked. She then tried to steal a dress from the local dress shop. Cassie was caught red-handed and grounded from going to the prom.
Sam went to a chinese restaurant. She was not sure what to order. She ended up asking the worker to surprise her. She received an order of sesame chicken. She loved it.
The cop pulled me over. I asked him to please not give me a ticket. He asked for my license. He came back with my license. Luckily he just gave me a warning this time.
Frank was eating apple pie. He thought it needed ice cream. He checked the fridge and there was none. He went to the store to buy some. They didn't have any vanilla so he went to the store for nothing.
Ava wanted a suntan. She laid out in her backyard on a sunny day. Then she applied lotion and closed her eyes. In a few hours she went in to check her progress. Her skin was a golden brown!
Sue was cooking spaghetti. As she was cooking, she dropped the bottle of garlic powder. She tried scooping it out but couldn't. Her sauce was very spicy. Luckily, her family did not mind.
Anna was caught during a silly teenage prank, and arrested. She was sentenced to 20 hours of community service in a poor area. As she picked up trash and washed buildings, she reflected. In the end, Anna felt she'd learned a lot from her service hours. In a way, she was actually glad she had been caught and made to work!
Tom liked his gym. Unfortunately it would get full around new years. A lot of people would start their resolutions. Luckily around march Tom's gym emptied out. He was able to put up with the two months of annoyances.
Carla is starting sixth grade at a new school. Her new class will not have any of her old friends. Carla tries to make new friends in her class. No one wants to be friends with Carla. She keeps trying until she does make a few friends.
The family was in Costa Rica. They picked some pineapples off the plants. They couldn't believe how fresh the produce was. They ate pineapple until their tongues were raw. They wanted to experience everything Costa Rica had to offer.
My new coworker was very thin. She had just started on the job. She told me she liked beef buns from Chinatown. I bought her several buns during her first weeks at the job. She said I was trying to fatten her up.
Steve was way too outspoken to work for anybody. Every time he tried, he'd get fired. His best chance was to start his own company. He did so and loved not having to answer to anybody. And when he hired his crew, he made sure to be a good boss.
Every night I have the same dream. I dream of chocolate fountains and red candies. I'm starting to think that I shouldn't go to bed hungry. I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge. I found some red candies, ate them and went back to bed.
Today was the day of the big rivalry. Both teams were very good, they both had perfect records. They lined up and the referee blew the whistle. The game started like a flash, both teams battling. The game ended in a draw, both teams had given their all.
Judy got a new kitten for Christmas. She named her kitten Orange. Orange was a playful kitten. When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch. Judy was mad she had to purchase a new couch.
Harry ironically needed a haircut. He had a job interview next week. He wanted to make a good impression on the interview. The barbershop down the street was open late. He stopped by last night and got a good looking haircut.
Jeb has an important business meeting in France. The morning of his flight Jeb wakes up late. He rushes to get ready and is out the door quickly. While arriving at the airport he rushes to get in line for the flight. The only problem was Jeb forgot his ticket!
After his grandfather passed away, Even helped clean out the attic. He found a trunk with some old books in it. They were leather-bound classics and some books of poetry. Evan was delighted since he was an avid reader. He spent many months poring over the old books.
Katy was a very selfish person. She didn't have many friends because she only thought about herself. One day she met little girl whose parents had died in an accident. Katy started to really care for the child and eventually adopted her. Now they are both happy and have lots of friends.
The photographer was looking for something interesting to photograph. He happened to walk by a beautiful garden. It was full of lovely flowers. He started snapping picture after picture. The next month, he opened a show featuring the lovely flower photos.
Tim kept losing socks and messing up pairs. He soon had several single socks. Tim decided to just buy all new socks. He got some that all looked the same. It made Tim stop wasting time pairing them.
Eli was driving in the country. He hit a deer. He was really upset. The deer ran off into the woods. He felt guilty that he could not find it.
Lea cheated on her lovers repeatedly. She couldn't be satisfied with only one. One day all her lovers met together and devised a plan. They cornered Lea after work and asked her to choose. As she couldn't, she had to leave them and choose a new lover.
Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame. But he is failing in school. So his coach gets him a tutor. She helps him bring his grades up so that he can play. Tim and the tutor start dating and fall in love.
Billy saw a deer in his backyard. He told his mom about the deer. She made up some peanut butter sandwiches and gave them to Billy. He went outside and threw the sandwiches. Soon, two more deer appeared to eat the yummy treats!
The washing company came to the house. I greeted them and showed them where to work. They took out their tools and began cleaning. One of the workers was using a pressure washer. He accidentally broke a window with the tool.
Hana's father was a trumpet player. When he did not look Hannah took his trumpet. She tried to play it. She blew some sounds. Her dad laughed at her.
Kara went to the mall to find a bikini. She went to three different stores to try on suits. Kara found a bikini she liked at the fourth store. She found out the bikini was on sale when she got to the register. Kara was happy that she found a great deal.
The dog was very tiny. She was a chihuahua. She had a litter of puppies. I asked how she was nursing them. They said she had very tiny puppies.
Kelly went to her sister Kim's house yesterday to talk. The two women had some tea together in the living room. However to her dismay, Kelly was bitten by Kim's dog. Unfortunately Kim did not feel that badly for her. Kim told her it was just a scratch.
Joel hadn't seen his brother Jacob for over ten years. When they met again, they barely recognized each other. Joel had a beard and Jacob was bald. Despite their physical changes, they hit it off very fast. And they swore they'd never get out of touch again.
I love turtles. I decided to get a job helping turtles. Alas, there were no jobs for helping turtles. I settled for volunteering at the turtle shelter. Volunteering at the turtle shelter was fun and rewarding!
Tom hated playing football. He was good at it. They forced him to play. Tom decided to throw the big game. He was finally kicked out of the team.
The lady at the bank took a very long time to process my withdrawal. When she finally finished, i was running late! I had to pick my daughter up from school, so I drove quickly. I was halfway there when a police officer stopped me! I made it to the school on time, but I had to pay a speeding ticket!
Tom had just recently moved into his new apartment. He was unpacking his stuff when he found cockroaches in his bedroom! Tom immediately called the exterminator. The exterminator sprayed his entire home with insecticide. Tom was able to move into his cockroach free home the next day.
Tyler loved to run and worked very hard. He ran after school. He ran on the weekends. He entered a race. Tyler won the race!
Dilbert liked soda. He drank it all the time. He had several for breakfast and some for lunch. But when he went to the dentist that year is wasn't good. He had four cavities he had to repair!
Kia was on a three-mile jog around the neighborhood. She was so thirsty! She decided to stop at a store for a drink. She went into a gas station and selected a bottle of juice. Thirst quenched, Kia resumed her jog!
My cousin had a squash blossom necklace she never wore. She decided to sell it for some money to pay for her sons car repairs. She had a friend who owned a jewelry store that accepted consignments. It took nearly a year but finally the necklace sold. The car had already been repaired but now my cousin has extra cash.
Benny loved playing at the park. The slide was his favorite. He would go down it over and over again. After spending all day sliding, Benny was tired. He went down one more time, then went home to nap.
Ellen was taking her driving test at the DMV. She was nervous. Ellen backed up too quickly. She hit a parked car. Ellen failed her test.
Adam was sitting at his desk when his dog Tuie came up to him. She put her head in his lap and whimpered. He reached down to pet her. She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand. He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering.
One day, I noticed my grass was getting long. I decided that I would cut it and put on my shoes. I went outside and got the lawn mower ready. I pushed the lawnmower around the yard for an hour. After all my hard work, my yard looked trim and neat.
Hannah was invited to a party last night. She asked her mom if she can go. Her mom immediately said no since the party has alcohol. Hannah swore that she wouldn't do anything. Her mom still refused to let her go.
I went apple picking with my sweetheart the other day. We had a great time picking apples. She fell and dropped her basket. Her apples spilled all over the ground. We had to clean them off before we ate them!
Hal pulled into the hotel after a long drive. The desk clerk couldn't find his reservation. He demanded Hal pay for a new room in full. Hal realized he hadn't brought his wallet inside with him. When he went out to get it, he decided to just go to another hotel.
Becky drove to Macy's to find the perfect dress. She looked around but couldn't find what she wanted. Finally she found the perfect one. It was pink and gold. When she tried it on it fit perfectly.
Tom had never driven a manual car before. His friend got too drunk to drive one night. Tom tried to drive him home. He messed up a lot and wound up breaking his transmission. It ruined their friendship.
My stomach had been hurting all day. My cousin told me to try drinking vinegar. I drank some apple cider vinegar. An hour later the pain was much worse. I told my cousin I would never do it again.
Every night after I fall into a deep sleep, I hear a roar. It startles me terribly bad. I realized it was a neighbor leaving on their Harley. I see started sleeping with earplugs in my ears. The noise doesn't bother me as much.
Ken's cat kept scratching itself. Ken wondered if it had fleas. He took it to a veterinarian. It turned out Ken's worries were correct. Luckily getting rid of them wasn't so hard.
Kate was in the basement looking for her boots. Behind a large box she found a space heater. Kate's room was always colder than the rest of the house. The space heater could provide her the heat she needed. Kate was very  pleased with her basement find.
Meghan and I went to the beach one time. It was a long drive and we both got grumpy. When we finally arrived we sat in the sand and had lunch. She was sad it was such an overcast day. I cheered her up with a giant love note in the sand.
Julie plays in the local orchestra. She came today for a rehearsal. Orchestra started to play. Julie found out she brought the wrong scores. She could not rehearse this evening.
Tom's car was stolen. He didn't notice when it happened overnight. He went to the cops. Tom filled out a report and asked for help. Unfortunately his car was never recovered.
Pam was throwing a party for her friends. She invited everyone over and ordered pizza. Then she decorated her house. Soon Pam's friends arrived and began dancing. Everyone had a fantastic time at Pam's party!
Tim ran into an old friend on the street. They hadn't seen each other in years. Tim's friend wanted to hang out and catch up. Tim hated himself and his life and didn't want to. He agreed to do so but then never replied.
Allana was experiencing a lot of back pain. So she thought getting massages would help. When she realized the massages weren't helping she went to the Doctor. The Doctor ordered numerous tests. The results revealed that scoliosis was the source of the back pain.
The Boston Red Sox were playing in CA last night. The game began at 10:10. We went to bed at 11:45, in the 6th inning. I brought my kindle in, slept, and watched a replay at 3 AM. The Red Sox won.
I was on my way to work yesterday. Driving on the highway I got a flat tire. I had to call triple A. Finally they came and fixed it. I was then back on my way to work.
Cathy wanted to go to the beach. She planned it with her husband. The day came for them to go. Her husband didn't want to go anymore. Even though he was supposed to he didn't go and she went alone.
Rick loved science. When he was young, he got a science kit for his birthday. The kit let him do experiments. One experiment created lots of smoke and bubbles filled the floor. Although Rick loved it, his mum wasn't happy about the stains it made.
Clara is getting tomorrow. She is very nervous. She stays awake all night. The next morning she jumps up. Clara runs out the door to get ready.
The boys were going camping alone for the first time. They gathered their supplies. They drove to the campsite and got all set up. When night fell they all got in their cars and went back home. It was too scary!
I had a big basketball game tonight. My school would be going up against our rival team. I was nervous during tip-off. I led my team in scoring the entire game. I was able to dunk the ball with 3 seconds left to secure a win.
The boy went down the slide. The slide was not very slippery. He came to a stop in the middle of the slide. The boy had to walk down the rest of the slide. He told everybody that came to the park about that sticky slide.
Santa Claus tried to come down the chimney. However, he got stuck. The chimney was too narrow. The fire department was called to help. Santa was unstuck and Christmas was saved.
Jody bought a goldfish from the pet store. She noticed that the goldfish looked quite fat. Her mom told her that the goldfish had too much to eat. Jody adjusted her pet's diet. The goldfish got skinnier and healthier.
Milton is trick or treating. Milton heads to a house. He screams trick or treat. As he is getting his candy. A ghost past by and spooked him.
Bob worked on commission. It was the last day of the month and rent was due the next day. He needed to earn ninety more dollars to make rent. As hard as he tried, he only made thirty dollars. The landlord gave him a notice of eviction.
Braxton put on his swimming suit and goggles. He jumped in the water with the other swimmers. Braxton pushed off the side of the pool. Braxton's goggles filled up with water underwater! He still won the race, though, even with water in his eyes.
The Respectable Individuals are a family of five. They are a heterosexual couple with three children. They cook and clean and play board games together. New neighbors moved in and came over for dinner. They got along well, but all of their customs have changed.
Guillermo thought he was a complete tough guy. He was ready to fight some terrorists. As soon as the terrorists advanced he freaked out. And got shot as a result. He learned his lesson to be humble afterwards.
Spirit week had been going on at Mariah's middle school. She woke up late and couldn't remember what today's theme was. On the bus, she realized she put her shirt on backwards. Embarrassed, she hoped Sean didn't see her until she could change it. Lucky for Mariah, today's theme was backwards day.
Zoe had gone to the same school for all her education. All of a sudden, her dad got a job transfer. Zoe had to change schools. She became a minority. Zoe hated school and asked to be homeschooled.
Carrie got her first spray tan to wear on a first date. Her date picked Carrie up in his new car. They arrived at the restaurant. Carrie stepped out of the car, then turned back to get her purse. She saw an unmistakable tan stain on the white leather upholstery.
Nate was playing basketball and broke his finger. Then, he went to the doctor and got a cast. He wore the cast every day for two months! When he finally took off the cast, his finger was healed! Nate decided he would be more careful next time he was active.
Kyle wanted a new bike so he could ride with his friends. He didn't have enough money to buy one. Kyle set up a lemonade stand with help from his dad. He made enough money to buy a bike. He rode with his friends every day!
Tom dropped a mirror in his room. He tried to sweep it all up. Unfortunately he missed some small pieces. One day Tom was walking around barefoot. One of the pieces got stuck in his foot.
Maggie was sleeping at her cousin's' house. Jim had been teasing her and Dawn all day. He would shoot spitballs at them and take their dolls. The girls tried to avoid him but he always followed them. When he went to sleep the girls got revenge by putting makeup on him.
Monica had just gotten a new job. She was a reporter for the local newspaper. She was going to be covering local news. She had her first interview with a local mayor. She was nervous but she felt that she'd done well.
My friend Joel invested a lot of money into a startup company. He did not fully research the idea before he jumped into it. The company was not doing well and was on the verge of bankruptcy. He got some information that was going to happen and sold his shares. He was lucky enough to get out before losing all his money.
There was a big flood recently. The local graveyard was hit especially hard. A few corpses floated up and were dragged into the streets. They carried diseases with them. An entire neighborhood was infected.
Betty couldn't wait for her beach vacation. She bought a new swimsuit and sandals. When the day of her trip arrived, a hurricane blew through. The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris. Betty's vacation was ruined.
Gina was watching the people in the next car argue. She was in the backseat as they drove on the highway. The lady in the other car turned to find Gina staring. Gina averted her eyes in embarrassment. The car sped away, and Gina never saw them again.
Tom was at the theme park with friends. He didn't like rollercoasters much. His friends convinced him to go on one with them. They told him it wasn't that scary. They lied and Tom was really scared.
Yesterday my family ordered hamburgers. I ordered a burger without cheese. Unfortunately they gave me cheese. I was quite irritated. As a result I had to return it.
Jeffrey was walking to his friend's house. He noticed a cat wandering around. After the cat had his eyes on him, she ran after him. Jeffrey ran away as fast as he can. The cat eventually stopped.
May worked on a site called Amazon Turk. At the end of the year, she learned she had to file taxes. However, May had no idea how to file taxes on her earnings. May went to a professional to have them assist her. The professional correctly filed her taxes and she felt relieved.
Tom noticed his headlights were grimy looking. He tried cleaning them but it didn't help. He went online and found some specific cleaning products. Tom tried using several kinds. Finally he was able to clean them properly.
Diane worked hard to prepare Thanksgiving dinner. She cooked everything perfectly except the gravy. No matter what she did, it was lumpy. She got so frustrated that she went to the store and bought a jar. The family told her it was delicious.
I've always had a fear of heights. I decided to conquer it by doing a high dive into a pool. It took all my courage to get up there. Once up there I froze completely. Paramedics had to help me down.
Moore loved to camp a lot. One day when he was camping, he saw a bear. The bear was very angry. Moore had to quickly run away. Now, Moore does not camp often.
Jim was almost 1 year old, but he couldn't walk. His aunt Kay would practice with him everyday. One day Kay stood him up, let him go, and called to him. Jim nervously took three steps, then walked to her. Kay joyfully lifted Jim in the air.
I was talking with some friends one day. I noticed that I had the highest voice out of everyone. I immediately wished my voice was deeper. When I told my friends, they laughed. They said my voice was perfect just the way it was.
Jack's latest fight was already set for tonight He had trained and now felt that he was ready to battle. When the arena was finally full, he heard the crowd chanting his name. The time drew near and a hush settled over the crowd. Jack put on his robe and prepared to walk to the ring for the match.
Tom was at the hospital for a minor procedure. He got out in no time. ONce home he started feeling sick. Tom went back to the hospital. He had acquired an infection the first time.
I had a dream last night. I dreamed I was a young English guy. I was laid off from work. So I decided to live with my girlfriend. I woke up as myself - a retired old married Chinese man.
After it was over, I felt sad and contrite. I tried to apologize, but it wasn't accepted. He was very angry with me. I didn't know what else I could do. I remained quiet for the rest of the day.
Amelia was on the way back from a job interview. She thought it went awfully. She headed into the elevator and there was a man. He started talking to her and learned about what happened. The man offered Amelia a job, and she was thrilled.
I had a stroke in 2011, and could not walk for 8 weeks. I walked out of rehab with a hemi walker. It looked like a step stool. After home rehab, I was able to switch to a quad cane. I felt very happy.
Today was a very sad day. My cat has been sick for a while now. We had to finally take him to the vet. The doctor said he was in a lot of pain. We decided putting him down was for the best.
Egypt was a sweet cat who wanted to get adopted. She was stuck at the shelter, with other kitties. A beautiful lady came in and looked friendly. So Egypt started meowing, meowing, scratching and showing her belly. Her antics worked and the lady adopted her.
Jayla was browsing at the library with her son. There was a man at the library. The man was in the children's section. He was staring at the children. Jayla told the clerk to watch the man.
The class was looking toward to math class. However, we had a brutal day. We had a substitute teacher today. In addition, she gave us a surprise exam. Everyone walked out of the class in a bad mood.
I once babysat the little brother of one of my friends. The boy was one and a half and very attached to his mom. They left me alone with the baby, and he wouldn't stop crying. I tried everything, even hiding from him, but he wouldn't stop. Finally I placed him in a pile of pillows on the floor and he calmed.
Tim got new furniture for his house. He needed to get rid of the old furniture first. He asked his friends if they wanted his old cot. No one wanted his dirty old cot in their house either. Tim put it on the curb and waited for a taker.
I was driving down the road and saw a small candy store. I went inside and bought all kinds of candies and chocolates. When I got home, I left the bag on the kitchen counter. My dog grabbed the bag and ate all the candy! I was sad, but then i went back to the store, got more, and ate them.
Alana was looking for a boyfriend online. He found a very handsome man. He asked her out on a date. When they went out, he was very ugly indeed. So Alana never used online dating again.
Callie hated the high cost of detergent. She also wanted a detergent with less chemicals in it. So she did her research and found a recipe to make her own supply. She bought the supplies and made a large batch. She has never had to buy detergent and loves her homemade detergent.
Kat loved animals and cats in particular. Her daughter found a litter of kittens abandoned in a barn. Kat's daughter brought her the kittens. Kat nursed the kittens to health. The kittens thrived with Kat.
The clown was blowing several bubbles to the kids. They were trying to reach for bubbles with their hands. However, Isaiah couldn't stop popping them with tongue. The next day, his mom had to take him to the doctor. He said that Isaiah is currently sick from ingesting too much soap.
Bob went to the park. He saw the other boys playing basketball. Bob called out next to replace whichever team lost. He finally got onto the court. Bob then promptly broke his leg on the first play.
I just finished reading The Silkworm. It is a mystery written by the author of the Harry Potter books. She uses the name Robert Galbraith. This is the second of three mysteries. I enjoyed the book and might buy the third mystery.
I don't smoke. Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break. So I started going out there as well. I take a cigarette and hold it in my fingers. So far nobody has asked me why I don't light it.
The kids were eager for dinner to be ready. They were going to be eating pizza, their favorite! The oven dinged and they ran to start eating. THey ate four whole pizzas on their own! The next day, they asked for pizza again!
Today I got a new dog. The puppy has been going to the bathroom on my new rug. I have been working on potty training my dog. I decided to move my rug outside for the dog. The dog likes to go potty on my rug and now goes outside.
Jason was drinking heavily at a bar. He began acting obnoxiously to the other patrons. Jason hit on a woman at the bar. The woman happened to be the girlfriend of the bar owner. Jason was kicked out of the bar.
One day Joe noticed his water meter box was full of water. Joe called the utility district and had a person check the pipes. The worker told Joe the broken pipe was on his side of the meter. Joe dug up the broken pipe and repaired it. Joe saved money by doing it himself.
The family went bowling. The father got the lowest score. His wife challenged him to a rematch. The family encouraged him. The man agreed to a rematch.
Tom was making dinner. He was dicing up a tomato. Tom's knife slipped and he cut himself. It was deeper than he thought. He had to put a large adhesive bandage on.
Bob accidentally dropped some peanut butter on the kitchen floor. His mom walked in a moment later. Bob was embarrassed. His mom asked Bob if he was responsible for the mess. Bob burst out crying.
She had practiced recited her marriage vows until she was ready. A bundle of nerves, she was trying to calm down. She sat down and thought calming thoughts. She got up and went outside to join the wedding rehearsal. She felt silly to have come this far and yet still be so nervous.
It was payday for Sara which meant that she could afford a new phone. When her shift ended, she rushed to the mall before it closed. Eagerly, she went straight to the shelf and grabbed the latest model. Unfortunately, she had to wait for the customer ahead of her. After getting checked out, she immediately had the phone activated.
The man was startled awake. It caused his heart to jump. That made the man worried. He couldn't fall asleep. He was diagnosed with a sleeping disorder.
Alison had her first day of preschool. She did not want to leave her mom. She almost cried until her mom told her not to. Alison's mother left. She tried to make new friends and actually like it.
Marge was walking around downtown. It was super hot outside. She was looking for a place to cool off. A local store was offering a free ice cream cone! She gladly went in and bought a drink to go with her ice cream.
I needed to get a Christmas present for my father. He normally hates most gifts, so I didn't know what to do. I went to Brandsmart and everything looked too expensive. I found a shaving kit for ten dollars. When he opened his present, he said it was his best gift this year.
Aaron was always busy. One week he worked 100 hours. He got so little sleep. By the end he felt terrible. By the weekend, he slept 30 hours.
Richard grew up loving bats as a kid and into his adult life. He was fascinated by their sonar and the fact that they were nocturnal. He often took trips into local caves and studied different species. One day while out at night he stumbled upon some very aggressive bats. They attacked him and traumatized him so that he hates bats.
Ben loved milk. Ben drank milk every night. He even ate a milk product at every meal. His milk infatuation continued throughout his life. Now Ben owns his own dairy.
I started to prepare my work for the first day of school. My mom told me to get in the car and took me there. When I arrived to school, I quickly walked towards my class. Oddly enough, no one showed up. I eventually found out that my class started during 8 AM, not 8PM.
Alicia had to take a standardized test. She was quite nervous. She was afraid she wouldn't do well. Yet thankfully she did fine. Alicia breathed a sigh of relief.
Rob was becoming too anxious to handle daily tasks. He looked for a solution. And he found herbal medicine online. The medicine made him feel much better. But he learned it only contained water and powder.
Rena wants to add a dog to her family. She goes to the pet store to see if they have the dog breed she wants. She see's there's a whole litter of her desired dog breed. She picks a dog to add to her family. Rena is very happy with her new dog.
Lily was a private detective. She loved solving cases and bringing criminals to justice. Lily's most recent case involved a home break-in and robbery. After doing some investigating and surveillance, Lily was satisfied. She had discovered the perp was her client's husband.
Macy wanted to write a song of her own. As she began, she had a lot of trouble. Macy wrote a letter to a talented musician for help. The musician responded and gave some tips. Macy confidently tried again.
I took my daughter for a walk in the woods. We headed for the stream out back. She was hoping to find a frog or a turtle. She ended up stepping on a small snake instead. Our walk ended before we even got close to the stream.
Gina and April both wanted a job. They were good friends. One day, they applied for the same job. Gina was hired for the job. April was very happy for her friend but sad about unemployment.
Susan normally drove her car the twenty miles to her job. Today her car was at the repair shop. Susan woke up early to take the bus to work. She was uncomfortable in the slow and crowded bus. Her boss fired her after she arrived two hours late.
Peter was playing tennis with his dad. At first he thought tennis looked easy. But then he began to play! Peter swung and swung, but he missed every ball. He realized tennis was a lot harder than he'd thought.
I never used to care much for wings. My fiance took me out to a sports bar. We ordered burgers. She also ordered honey barbecue wings. When I tried one, I loved them!
Diesel was an Aussie puppy that was now 6 months old. That meant he was old enough to go to the doggy park. His owners drove him to the park. He played with other dogs and ran around. Diesel had fun at the doggy park and knows he will go again.
Tim and Mary invited Susan and Joe out camping on Sunday. Susan and Joe acted enthusiastic about the trip. On Sunday, Tim and Mary went to pick Susan and Joe up in the car. Susan and Joe acted like they didn't want to go. Tim and Mary convinced them to go anyway.
The little girl hated wearing shoes. She would only wear sandals. When it was time to go to school, she insisted that she wear sandals. Even when it was cold, she had sandals on her feet! Her mom threw the sandals away while she was sleeping.
Jane loved being outdoors. She was never that athletic. She played volleyball with friends. Jane did terribly. It was still a lot of fun.
Maggie loved to scribble things on a sheet of paper. It helped her find new ideas for her novel. Every time she had a blank, she'd read her notes. And invariably would find something to jumpstart her. Until one day, she was out of ideas and her paper was blank too.
John and Nate were were competing in a race at the end of the summer. Nate hurt his ankle and couldn't train for three weeks. John thought he could take time off his training and still beat Nate. Nate healed completely and restarted training. Nate won the race to the surprise of everyone.
Jason went out to start his car. It needed to warm up, due to the cold. He started it and it ran for a few minutes. A strange noise came from the wheel as he drove forward. It was flat, due to the nail sticking out of it!
Morgan had never been to camp before. She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there. But on her first day she made a new friend and enjoyed activities. She loved the hiking, canoeing and arts and crafts! Morgan knew she would definitely be going back next year.
I went to Disney World for the first time when I was 7. My parents bought me an book to collect character signatures. I was so excited to get Mickey's signature so I didn't notice a line. I ran to hug Mickey, cutting in front of many other kids. The girl who was next in line yelled at me.
Jeff was playing a game of golf with his buddies. They made a friendly wager on who could hit a ball the furthest. His buddies all went up first and shot the ball. Then when they weren't looking Jeff Used a special ball. Jeff hit the ball off the tee and collected his money.
Lana was in line at a burger place for her lunch break. She only had forty five minutes left in her lunch break. The line was still long. Lana noticed that the line at the drive thru Mexican place was short. Lana decided to have tacos for lunch instead.
Mike wanted a set of headphones that he could not afford. Mike decided that he would steal the headphones from a local store. Mike entered the store and spotted the headphones he wanted. Mike approached the headphones making sure he was not noticeable. Mike placed the headphones into his pocket and walked out of the store.
John liked to go fishing every weekend. One day, he went to his favorite secret fishing spot. He hoped to catch some salmon and trouts. He was able to catch those fish and others as well. He went back home with enough fish to last a whole month.
Martha is never at home to cook meals so she eats fast food a lot. Recently she realized she was gaining a lot of weight. Martha wanted to lose weight, so she signed up for food delivery. A company delivers a box of fresh ingredients to her door every week. Now Martha cooks her own meals and she's finally losing weight.
Mr F was retiring. But he still enforced all of his classroom rules. He found students passing a note. And he asked them to bring the note to him. Mr F found the note was a retirement letter that his students signed.
Dana had started dating Jon, a Jewish college classmate. He invited her home for Hanukkah. Dana, a Christian, worried that she'd be unwelcome. But Jon's family was so kind to her. She ended up learning a lot about tolerance, and Judaism.
Jack needed to finish a project. He was way behind schedule. He knew he wouldn't be able to finish. On the day of the presentation Jack got in trouble. He almost lost his job over it.
Cat loved bold makeup. She bought some bright red lipstick. She carefully applied it to her lips. Her friends all complimented the look. Cat felt confident and beautiful.
Dillon wasn't very good with a gun. Deadeye Johnson was harassing a pretty dance hall girl. Dillon stood up for her and challenged Dead-eye to a gunfight. While squared off, Dillon tried to draw, and shot himself in the foot. Dead-eye had fired too late as Dillon fell to the ground.
Sam read that his favorite author wrote a new book. The book was going to be on sale in two days. Sam set up camp outside the store to be first in line. He waited until the big day. Once the doors opened he ran to the shelves and got a book.
My friend was so excited when I saw her. She had such great news to tell me. I could not wait to hear the news either. She had got the promotion at work. We both screamed in excitement together.
It was Sasha's tenth birthday. She ran to the living room after waking. There were no presents to be found. She looked out the window and saw something miniature. There stood a pony with a big bow on its head.
I have a collection of photos of transit cars. Most of my photos are of trolleys. I have some subway car and bus photos as well. I was able to get some framed photos. My favorite photo is of a woman boarding a trolley at night.
Today on the view there was a lot of fighting. When the women were talking about hot topics they disagreed. The war topic made them polarized. Rosie and Elizabeth went at it fighting about the war. The fight was so bad the producers had to go to splitscreen.
Maya was about to hunt for easter eggs. Her little brother had already started. She saw an egg that she really wanted and ran for it. On her way over, she collided with her brother. Her brother was hurt and their mom ended the egg hunt.
Angela loved beads a lot. One day, she decided to start collecting them. She was able to get hundreds of beads in a month. After that, many people game Angela their beads. Now, Angela has thousands of beads in her collection.
Henry liked to take pictures. But he did not like carrying his digital camera everywhere. His cell phone was also very old. But Henry found about a cell phone with a great camera. And he bought it, which made taking pictures more convenient for him.
I was driving on the highway when my car suddenly broke down. I popped the hood and the engine was smoking real bad. I called a tow truck and had it towed to the mechanic shop. I wondered how much all this would cost me. Turns out my insurance covered the tow truck and the rest was cheap!
A homeless man was walking near the streets. His hand had a small cup to collect change. Since I felt bad, I looked for loose change in my car. I managed to find 35 cents and handed it to him. He thanked me and walked away.
Cindy got her first paycheck. And she decided to go shopping at the mall. She bought hundreds of dollars worth of clothes and shoes. But when she got home, she felt deeply regretful. The next day, she spent hours returning nearly everything she bought.
Bill had to give a speech for class. He was very anxious about it. His uncle had taught him breathing exercises to calm his nerves. He took slow deep breaths before his speech. He minimized his level of anxiety and gave a great speech.
I grew up in the Pacific Northwest. Wind storms are fairly common there. When I was a kid we had a bad wind storm. School was canceled for several days. It took a long time to clean up all the fallen trees.
Justin had a passion for dancing. He went out one evening to the local disco. Justin started boogie-ing like it was 1976. The other dancers stood in awe. Justin wasn't wearing any pants.
Kate's crush wasn't working the register at the taco place today. He wasn't there the last time she was there either. She looked around and didn't see him in the kitchen either. She was afraid he no longer worked there. She would have to ignore her embarrassment and ask where he was.
Sally wanted a new haircut. She went to the salon. She looked at the available cuts. She asked for a certain one. She loved what she got!
My friend gave me a recipe for some cookies. They have peanut butter in them. They look so simple to make. I am going to try them after work today. I'll let you know how they are.
Cindy decided to cook fish. She had never done this before. She selected the filets and found a recipe. She followed the recipe and waited for it to cook. The fish was delicious.
Annie took a dancing class one year. She loved taking the dance class. Her grades were starting to slip up. Annie's mother didn't re-enroll her in the class. She was able to take dancing again when her grades improved.
My wife bought bottles of Snapple drinks today. I asked for apple juice. She bought a bottle of red apple juice. I had never seen that color in an apple juice before. The drink was tart, but good.
Gina and her siblings went to their uncle's house with their mom. She always remembered playing with his kids when she was young. But his kids had moved to Ohio with their mom. There were no kids at the house now. In fact there were no young people to be seen anywhere on this block.
Cathy's old running shoes became damaged in the rain. Cathy decided it was time to purchase a new pair. At the mall, Cathy tried on various sneakers. Cathy finally tried on a pair of sneaker that met her expectations. Cathy was proud that she had found new running shoes.
Tom was not successfully reaching his goals, regularly. He wanted to reach his goals. He decided to engage in dreamlining. Tom would write out his dreams, and each step necessary to reach them. Tom followed each step and began reaching his goals consistently.
Amy was at the theater to see a movie. She wanted popcorn, and candy, and soda. She only had $5 for snacks. Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted. Beth offered to share her popcorn so Amy could buy candy.
Ed has just got a milkshake from the server. It was huge and as big as his head. An earthquake was occurring at that very moment. It shook his shake and it toppled over. Ed will never forget the day the quake shook his shake.
It was a busy Saturday night at the airport as I waited for my flight. I watched as the crowd across from me boarded their flight one by one. Left in the seats was one woman wearing earbuds using her computer. Suddenly she looked up, screamed and pounded on the glass. She had missed her flight, the agents stood shaking their heads.
Kate got into her high school weight lifting class. At first it was just an easy credit. After a while she got really into it. She tried to enter a big contest but got injured in it. Kate took her first loss hard and gave up.
The Million Dollar Man walked into a bar and took a seat. He asked about the specials that night. THe bartender told him they were selling dollar beers. The Million Dollar Man got excited and ordered a beer. He drank five and left without tipping the bartender.
Tim was a good student athlete. Tim was too young to drive. Tim's father would pick him up for practice. One day, Tim's father was 2 hours late. Tim waited at the football field for 2 hours, until his father showed.
A man's house is robbed. The victim calls the police when he discovered what happened. The police station sends a detective to the scene. While driving, the detective sees an escaped prisoner. He arrests the prisoner who also turned out to be the robber.
Monica wanted to make extra money to pay her bills. She wanted to work from home, though. She found a site from Amazon that would let her work at home. She started working everyday at home. She now is paying her bills with the extra money.
I went to Carl's Subs a few years ago. It is located in Waltham, MA. It is a small sub shop. Carl's serves very tender steak and cheese subs. I think Carl's subs rival those of Philly sub shops.
I bought my friend Bob a fancy chessboard for Christmas. It was a tournament sized board made of wood. I see Bob only over the Xmas days. When we visited, we found Bob had gone away for business. I was sad, as I wanted to play chess with Bob on the new board.
Dan is outside working on his car. He is getting frustrated by the labor. His wife comes outside and complains about a door. Dan gets up very angry from under his car. Dan yells and screams at his wife for bothering him.
Laura wanted to lose some weight. She ran a mile every day. She also dieted by reducing her caloric intake. She lost 20 pounds over the course of 6 months. Laura was proud of her accomplishments.
George was sitting inside his house. And he thought it looked like a nice day to go outside. He began walking to his local park. But it became too hot and sunny for him. Half way there, George decided to go back home.
Todd wondered why he kept having the same negative repeating thoughts. He questioned if he was a bad person because of the thoughts. He went to go see a therapist who told him about OCD. He learned various techniques in combating the disorder. Since then, his OCD is very manageable.
Mary went to her closet to find something to wear. She took her green shirt off of the hanger. She put on the green shirt. She started to button the shirt. She noticed she was missing a button.
Eliot never knew what to get his mother for her birthday. No matter how much money he spent, she always seemed dissatisfied. Even expensive jewelry failed to make much of an impression. At a loss, Eliot penned a heartfelt letter expressing his feelings. His mother was overjoyed and hugged him delightedly.
Yesterday, i went to the grocery store. I brought some snacks and something to drink. When i'm at the counter,i noticed i left my wallet. I was too nervous and don't know what to do. Then i remember,it was on my pocket.
Tom's hair was too long. He couldn't afford to go to his barber. He tried using a coupon at a local salon. They ruined his hair. Tom never went to a cheap place again.
Kevin wanted to cut do on his grocery bill. He decided to start a garden in his yard. He planted seeds for his favorite vegetables. The plants blossomed. He saved half on his grocery bill.
Thomas had always wanted to captain a boat. The only issue was they were very expensive. Thomas also had to go to college. After Thomas went to college, he applied for a job. Finally, Thomas was a captain!
I once rode along on a friend's police patrol. I rode in the car while he made traffic stops. At one point he parked the car to make some notes. Suddenly I heard a gunshot! I was terrified until I realized the car had simply backfired.
My son is a very good basketball player. He had an exhibition game last night. He scored 24 points and had 13 rebounds. His team did very well. They won the game by 30 points.
We decided to play mini golf. The indoor course had put put. We got our clubs and got started. As we moved through the course, we found that it glowed in the dark. We had a hard time finding each other, but it was a fun game.
Tina just broke up with Fred. She was still sad about it. But then a few days later she saw him with another girl. They were holding hands. Tina broke down crying.
Mike's hamster escaped from its cage. That night they put her favorite food in a tall bowl. They stacked some books so she could climb up. But if she went in, she wouldn't be able to climb back out. The next morning, they found her sleeping in the bowl.
Billy ran very fast all the time. He ran to school and back. He didn't tie his shoes one day. Billy tripped and flew onto the pavement. He ended up bruising both knees and chipping a tooth.
Karlin's parents brought him home some new toys. He was very excited about the inflatable ball. He wasn't as impressed with the GI Joe. The ball deflated and Karlin was sad. He cried until his parents reinflated it.
One of my favorite movies is the breakfast club. Since I like that movie so much I thought I wanted my own. I got my friends together and we ate a large breakfast together. We made it an exclusive group. We ended up doing this once a week.
Peter was invited to a party. It was at a beautiful mansion. Peter was very intimidated. He walked up the grand steps and was in awe. It was the most beautiful place he'd ever seen!
Karen had a bunch of school make-up work to complete. She did half of it before becoming sidetracked by the television. She'd wasted two hours watching television when she realized the time. Karen had to stay up past midnight, trying to complete the rest. The next day, she had to go to school drowsy from lack of sleep.
Elizabeth was so excited about the school dance tonight! She was planning to go with Ross, her boyfriend. Ross picked her up at seven and they headed to the gymnasium. Elizabeth and Ross danced and took pictures with their friends. The school dance was a hit, and they were both home before twelve!
In seventh grade I went to a ditch party. To my surprise the girl I had a crush on was their. Someone suggested we play spin the bottle. It was my turn and I just pointed the bottle at the girl I liked. She smiled and we kissed.
The bear at the zoo had a new baby. The zookeepers took the baby away. The bear stopped eating her food. The zookeepers gave the baby back to the bear. The bear ate her food again.
Christmas is in 3 weeks and I haven't bought a single gift yet. Today, I drove to the mall and shopped for five hours. As I made each purchase, I marked someone off my list. Once my shopping was completed, I drove back home. Tomorrow, I will spend the day wrapping presents.
Grandmother Minnie gave her grandchildren special gifts. She gave her oldest granddaughter a beautiful brooch. Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed. Her grandmother passed later that year. The brooch became even more special as Alyssa fondly remembered her.
Katie was dating Tim. She really loved him. Yet her parents hated him. Her parents made her dump him. Katie was very angry and sad.
Anne wanted to show off her diving skills. She went to the local pool. She climbed the ladder to the diving board. Then she did a perfect swan dive. All the other patrons cheered for her!
I was always a big fan of Volkswagen. I needed a new car and knew I would buy a Volkswagen. I bought myself a diesel Volkswagen Golf. I found out that my car didn't pass government emissions standards. I was angry at Volkswagen for cheating me.
My cat has become fat. It affects his ability to jump onto things. Today, he misjudged the dryer. He chipped a tooth. It did make me laugh though.
Steph and her friends were hiking. And they decided to take a group picture at the top of a mountain. They posted the picture on Facebook. And it made others jealous. Steph and her friends were glad and posted more pictures.
Stacy was looking after a friend's cat for the weekend. She owned two small dogs and thought they'd get on well with the cat. Unfortunately the cat had other plans and started a fight. The poor dogs eventually escaped but got quite hurt in the process. Stacy had to rush to the vet and took the cat back to his owner!
Jill is a reporter for the local news. She finds out that her dad is involved in a political scandal. She is torn about what to do. She decides to print the story anyway. Her dad understands that she was just doing her job.
Ken hated cleaning. He decided to hire a maid. She came over once a week and did all the cleaning. Ken was thrilled with her work! He came home every day to a clean house.
I ran into an old friend the other day. It was my lucky day. It turns out he's in the insurance business. And, I really need some more coverage. I'm thankful I found someone I can trust.
Kate and her friends were on their way to their room at a hotel. They hallway was plush, and exotic. There were paintings on the wall. But the artist forgot to clothe the people. Kate giggled like a kid as she past the nude paintings.
Two business executives decided to streamline their company. First, they tried to rightshore eyeballs. Next, they tried to up sell their mindshare. Finally, they tried to close the loop on their knowledge process. No one but them could detect any difference afterwards.
Tom had to work two jobs to pay rent. Unfortunately they both kept changing his schedule. The two often conflicted with each other. He was forced to quit one of them. Unfortunately the other didn't give him any more hours.
Matt was nervous. He'd just bet $1000 on a poker hand. He could barely look at his cards. When he did, he saw he won! He was having a lot of fun at the casino!
John walked into the kitchen after waking up. He decided to look in the fridge. He took out the pack of eggs. After cracking them and making a mixture, he placed it on the stove. His hand ended up getting burned since the stove was hot.
I just read The House of Sand and Fog. I read it because it was mentioned in my local newspaper. The book is about an American woman fighting an Iranian immigrant. The immigrant bought the woman's house under odd circumstances. The ending was very sad, with three deaths and two jail sentences.
Life in a minimum security prison can be easy. You are free to move about most of the day. I worked a real job. I was able to save up money for my release. My time in prison was easy.
Late one night, Tom heard a noise coming from the kitchen. He crept through the house quietly. When he turned the corner to the kitchen, he saw a cat! A cat had come through an open window and was eating leftover cake. Tom shooed the cat away and closed the window.
Val was sensitive to pork meat. She had gone to eat at her mother's house. Her mother had served a pork dish. Val ate mostly vegetables. She only took a little of the pork.
Gene's phone was almost dead. He took out his power cord and plugged it in. Nothing happened. Gene's power cord was broken. He was so frustrated!
Clara had saved for months so she could buy a new phone. She went to the store and had just the amount of money for the phone. When they gave her the phone, months of hard work had paid off. On the way home, she dropped the phone on the sidewalk. The phone cracked and Clara was very upset.
Aunt Becky was relaxing on the couch. She started falling asleep. Kayla decided to bring her aunt a blanket. Kayla covered Aunt Becky up. Aunt Becky had a nice nap.
Darron went to Ikea to buy a chair. When he got home, he unpacked the chair and opened the instructions. He only saw pictures and no words. Frustrated, Darron attempted to finish it without instructions. By the end of the night, the chair looked more like modern art.
Abe saved all the money he earned from every paycheck. He was saving up to buy a house, and would spend his money then. He never went of vacation or had anything new or fancy. On his way to work one day, he had stroke and died. He didn't realize that he'd procrastinated with all of his good times.
One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families. We drove in our car. When we came out of the restaurant the car was gone. It had been towed and we paid $150 to get it out. It was a very expensive dinner.
Mary loved coffee, her parents made it every morning. One day her parents left without making any. Taking matters into her own hands, she brewed a pot. Happily she poured her coffee and took a sip. Mary spit it out, learning the hard way that brewing was an art.
My boyfriend has a 16 year old daughter who live 2 hours away. He bought her a car so she could come enjoy her room in the new house. To encourage her to visit, we put a tv and tablet in her room. That finally got her to visit. She took the tablet to her mamma's and hasn't been back since.
Ed was finally on the varsity football team after two years on JV. It was the first game of the season. He wasn't sure he'd get to play. When the coach called him in the last quarter he was overjoyed. And it was even better when the team won the game.
Tom went white water rafting with friends. They tried to take on something out of their abilities. The crashes were harder than they expected. Tom constantly flipped over. He had to give up and go ashore.
I was at the movies with my friend. We were seeing Spiderman 3. He left his drink on the floor. I asked why he didn't pick it up. He said people were paid to pick it up.
Tom was at the grocery store. He was just getting a couple of items. The only lane available to check out had people in it. They had tons of items that they were buying. Luckily they were nice enough to let him go first.
Silvia thought she was undesirable. No man would ever want her. She asked Mark one day why he wasn't interested in her. He confessed that he liked her but that her breath stunk too much. Silvia slapped him in the face saying he was rude.
Bonny watched as the older kids played bocce ball on the lawn. They thought since she was younger she wasn't as good as them. Little did they know she was an excellent player. When one of the girls had to go home, they finally let her play. Much to their amazement, she won three games in a row.
My wife could not fall asleep last night. While I was asleep she heard me talking. My wife thought I was talking to her. She tried to speak to me in my sleep. She was frustrated with the gibberish I said back.
I had a group of friends that I played with at lunch in 2nd grade. One day a fight broke out on the playground between some of them. My whole group, including me, got blamed for beating up another girl. We had to stand in front of the class and be questioned one at a time. Though I was innocent, I still got the paddle from my teacher.
Kyle asked a girl to go to the movies with him. Kyle planned on asking this girl to be his girlfriend after the movies. After the movie Kyle asked the girl if they could date. The girl refused and said she just wanted to be friends. Sadly, Kyle agreed and they stayed friends.
My little cousin's birthday was coming up. He was turning three Year's old, and I didn't know what to get him. I went to the local book store in search for a book. After searching the children's aisle, I settled on Green Eggs and Ham. My cousin unwrapped his gift, and took a bite out of the first page.
Ed was excited to lose his first tooth. He was more excited when his mom told him the Tooth Fairy would come. He carefully put his tooth under his pillow that night. When he woke up in the morning there was a dollar beneath his pillow. He couldn't wait to lose another tooth to get more money.
Cal was looking forward to eggs and waffles for breakfast. He made the waffles from scratch. As Cal cracked an egg to fry it, a stillborn chick fell out. He was really disgusted. Cal threw out the legs and skipped breakfast altogether.
Josh was excited about his new motorcycle. He went to the dealer to go pick it up. Josh drove it fast on the way home. He parked it in the garage. Josh was so happy he just sat there admiring the beauty.
The power had gone out at Sarah house. Her entire neighborhood was in the dark. Panicked she rushed out of her bedroom. Running straight into a hallway wall. Sara ended up with a huge knot in the middle of her forehead.
The family lived on the second level. The stairs had a wobbly railing attached to them. The family begged their landlord to replace it. He always refused. The parents warned the kids about how unsafe it was.
Nathan is going to school today. This is Nathan's first day at school, ever. Nathan makes friends with several other children. Nathan likes to play outside with his new friends. Nathan is very happy to have gone to school.
David found out his favorite restaurant was closing down. David had created a petition to stop it from closing down. The petition was not enough because the restaurant lacked money. David raised money online and donated hundred thousand from his pocket. The restaurant did not shut down.
Brown had always wanted to go to college. No one in his family has ever gone to college. This led to Brown studying very hard. Brown was also able to participate in many sports. Finally, Brown was able to get a scholarship to college.
I always go jogging in the morning. I make sure not to skip a day without jogging. Jogging helps me to keep up with my daily activities. It makes me increase my stamina and energy. It makes me physically fit and healthy.
In English class, I was told to read the play, Death of a Salesman. Sadly, I had not purchased the script. I went to the library, but the book was already checked out. Luckily, I was able to borrow a copy from a friend. I thoroughly enjoyed the class discussion.
I wanted a new rain coat. I went to the store to find one. There was a very small selection. I found a bright pink one. It was perfect for me.
Larry is interested in taxidermy. There are animal skins all over his house. His girlfriend wasn't a big fan at first. Eventually, he taught her how to do it. Now she's just as big of a fanatic.
It was an extremely windy day at pats house in Arizona. Pat tuned into the news to see that the wind reached dangerous speeds. The wind blew a branch off of a tree that hit into Pat's car. Furious, Pat decides to park his car in the garage. Pat decided to make a habit out of parking in the garage.
Alan was so thirsty. He had no soda or juice! He hurried to mix up some kool-aid. Then he drank it down greedily. It felt so great to quench his thirst!
Joe wanted to learn how to box. So he got a boxing trainer. They trained for months. Joe began to get better at boxing. A year later and Joe knew how to box.
The waitress served my food to me. However, an angry man approached us. He asked the waitress why she works there. In addition, he said he was disappointed in her. Luckily, she was patient and treated the man with respect.
Jake told me that he was going to propose to his girlfriend. Him and Rachel had been dating for 3 Year's. Jake proposed to her that night at dinner. Jake and Rachel planned their beach wedding. I took two weeks off of work for the event.
Becky's mom let her carry the picnic basket on the family hike. As they walked through the woods, Becky trailed with the basket. When they reached a picnic spot, Becky's mom opened the basket. She reached for her cake and found only crumbs. Then, she recalled reading Hansel and Gretel to Becky.
Harry was very messy. And he always left food and drinks at his computer desk. He worried it might spill one day. But never bothered to clean it up. One night, he accidentally spilled a drink all over his computer.
Ray and Charles went to the beach. In the beach, they had a lighthouse. They decided to pay the money to go on top. Their legs hurt from all the walking. WHen they saw the top, they realized it was worth it.
We woke up early this morning for therapy. We showered and got dressed in casual clothing. We made breakfast and ate in the dining room. On the drive there, we talked about all the animals we saw. After therapy, we went out for lunch together.
John was cleaning his pool one day. He then answered a phone call. He went to put it back in his pocket. The phone fell out and into the pool. He dove in after but it was too late.
Ned had to tie his first necktie. His father helped him, showing the moves in the mirror. But when Ned tried it, he got it all wrong. He was mimicking the inverted moves he had seen. So his dad stood side by side to show him again how to do it right.
We have a cat that has been declawed. She always tries to climb trees whenever we take her outside. She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy. Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise. I looked in the tree and saw the cat happily sitting on a branch.
Yesterday I got home from work to see a cat in the living room. My wife had found it outside. She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors. Unfortunately I told her that we couldn't keep it. She understood but still wanted to help it a bit before letting it out
The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes. Cassandra noticed this and spent the next 30 minutes washing them all. Most of the dishes were not even hers. Her brother walked in the room and left a dirty plate on the table. Cassandra was fuming.
Story learned to swim at five years old. Her big sister taught her how to swim. The swimming lesson were very hard. Story had to practice every Sunday evening. She soon became good enough to compete professionally.
Keith is on vacation in Las Vegas. He starts to gamble right away at the hotel casino. He begins playing jack black and he loses every game he plays. He gets so upset he runs to the ATM to get more money. He loses all that money on slots.
Heidi needed to take the bus to her parents house. She was broke and had no money. Just to try she begged the driver to let her ride. Luckily, he offered to pay for her fair one time. She was so grateful and made sure to pay him back.
Kim was going tubing. Her uncle was driving the boat. The tube went side to side. A few times, it went in the air. She held on tight but eventually fell off.
Evan was dating Rhonda. Evan went to the mall to buy Rhonda a gift. He saw Rhonda walking with another guy. Evan confronted Rhonda and broke up with her. He left without buying her a gift.
Jennifer wished to purchase her mom and wonderful birthday gift. She scoured the house for all the money she could find. In the end, she could only scrounge up a meager forty seven cents. She decided this wasn't enough and opted to color a picture. Her mother loved the picture and Jennifer decided it was the best gift.
My husband graduated in the 80s. He lost his yearbook from his senior year. I bought him a copy as a surprise for his birthday. He didn't seem to appreciate it much. I was frustrated that I spent so much money for nothing.
Dave read about the health benefits of sourdough bread. So he bought some at a grocery store. But he found out that it just used sourdough flavoring. Dave decided to learn how to bake his own sourdough bread. And baking bread became his favorite hobby.
Steve wore his new jeans to school on Monday. He wanted to show them off to the entire school. After getting his tray at lunch, he walked slowly to his table. He didn't see Carl rushing from the opposite direction. Carl bumped into Steve and covered his jeans with mash potatoes.
Mike turned 21 Year's old one summer day. When he woke up, he put on some clothes and left his house. He drove down to the local grocery store and bought some beers. He was very nervous to go home and actually try one. When he finally got home, he drank the alcohol but became too drunk.
They went to the same ranch every year. It was their tradition to go the same week and they knew everyone. They would go on horseback rides and water ski. But when the new guy came they decided to play a joke. When it was time to get on the horses, they brought out a pony.
The house payment is very late. I was afraid to show my husband the letter. It was from the bank. It stated we were 2 months behind. I tried my hardest to make the payments clandestinely.
My friend Sue flew from Boston to Florida last week. Her mother turned 80. Sue and her brother were supposed to go. Her brother got sick, so Sue went alone. Sue was glad to surprise her mom.
I messaged my cousin to tell him about my flea market finds. He was jealous, as I knew he would be. He told me to shush and wouldn't answer further. I continued to gloat via pm. He finally told me he was going to ignore me.
At the age of 40 Shannon decided to go to school again. She wanted to train to become a nurse. She was a little out of her element at first but loved it. She did really well and got great grades. After graduation she was hired and she was thrilled to start!
The man jumped off the bridge. He landed in the water below. The water was very cold. He yelled in surprise when he surfaced. His friends decided not to jump off the bridge.
Kate was eating vienna sausages. She got one stuck in her throat. A stranger had to help. Eventually it was dislodged. Kate was embarrassed but safe.
Bill was addicted to video games, he played them all day for hours. He would have little to no physical activity, he ate and sat around. One day he played longer than usual, from morning until night he gamed. He shrugged off the need for water, leveling up was a bigger deal. When his sister came home she found him dead from a heart-attack.
Sara played the trumpet in her school marching band. The band was picked to play in a parade. Sara didn't have enough money to make the band trip. Her mother took an extra job so she could send Sara on the band trip. Sara was very thankful that her mother supported her.
Ed challenged his friends to a softball game. They arrived at the field. The boys started to play. Ed played better than any of them. He easily won the game!
Francis didn't like his pouch. But he also didn't want to stop eating the food he liked. He decided instead to run in the park every day. He felt stronger and had more breath. But without changing his diet, he didn't lose one pound.
Fred always ate late at night. But he was too late to brush his teeth before bed. He thought it would be okay if he brushed his teeth every morning. But he noticed his teeth becoming yellow and stained. But it was too late to reverse it.
Ciara and Quade loved going to the movies. But they always hated buying the expensive snacks. So they shared and rotated the payments so they weren't as expensive. This made the next movie going experience even better. The movie was great and so were their snacks.
Rhonda buys a new telescope. She looks up into the sky at night. She views one of the planets. She reads about the planet in her science book. She goes to bed satisfied with her new found knowledge.
Bea loved her kind teachers and wanted to show it. She wanted to give each of them a meaningful holiday gift. But she had 8 teachers and she couldn't afford 8 gifts! Then she devised to bake each teacher a homemade pie for a gift. Her teachers were all so pleased with their special presents!
Joe was working on getting his life together. He landed his first job in a long time. Joe was dumb and spent his first check on drugs. He was selected for a random drug test at work. Joe failed the test and lost his job.
My grandfather made egg custard a certain way. It was very tasty. This recipe went with him when he passed. Recently my brother found something on Youtube. The custard was close but not the same.
Lee wanted to have an otter as a pet. Lee's parents explained that this would be impossible. Lee threw a tantrum in the hopes of getting an otter. Lee's parents hardened their resolve. Lee eventually got over it.
Angie was so excited! She was ready for her first cheer competition. She had practiced for weeks. When it was time to compete, Angie was so nervous. She couldn't force herself to go out on stage!
Victor idolized mike tyson. He started copying all of his moves. He studied him all day in his room. He started going for professional boxing. He got a lot of attention and fame.
Georgia had a small vegetable garden. All of the vegetables were ready to be harvested. She grabbed a basket and brought it outside. Then, she walked around gathering all of the vegetables. Once she was done, she used her fresh food to make a stew.
The soldier was out numbered and couldn't find his platoon. He ran across a bridge and heard the enemy approaching. The soldier took out a grenade from his belt. He tossed it in the middle of the bridge and ran away. The grenade destroyed the bridge and he was able to escape.
Howard needed a little money for his hobbies. His parents told him to go find a summer job. Howard looked around town and finally got an interview. A few days later, Howard was called and given the job. He showed up for his first day and did very well.
Nicole has always been scared of the dark. Last year her friend's convinced her to go to a haunted house. Nicole and her friend went inside the haunted house. The haunted house was completely dark. Nicole ran out screaming for help.
When I was in fourth grade, we had to learn to type. We started by learning where to place our hands. Then, we learned how to type with eight keys. Gradually we worked our way up to typing every letter. Now, I can type anything without errors.
Angie was driving to work. She needed to cross a bridge to get to work. The bridge was closed for repairs. Angie had to find an alternate route. Angie was late for work.
Raphael didn't know he was gay until he was sixteen. At that time, he couldn't deny his attraction to Matt. The problem was that Matt had a girlfriend. So Raphael stayed silent for years. Only when they were in college did Matt admit he was gay too.
Kate needed a quiet place to read and draw in peace. She spent days cleaning and airing out the basement. She walked to the store to get snacks to celebrate. Her brother had brought his Nintendo to play in the basement. Her quiet space was her's no more.
Jim worked hours making final preparations for his presentation. Everything was done electronically so it made him nervous. He emailed the presentation file to his mailbox for easy access. To be safe, Jim also saved a copy onto his external hard drive. The presentation was about to begin so he made his way to his office.
I went to the pond behind my house. We used crickets. I caught a brim. I let it go. My friend didn't catch anything.
Jake was amazing. All of his hard work was paying off. He was killing it at the talent show tap dancing. Jake did his last move, a backflip. The crowd went wild and he won the talent show.
Tim wanted to quit smoking for the new year. He told everyone about it. He bought some products to help. Unfortunately Tim failed at quitting. He stopped telling his friends.
Every day at school, Billy ate tacos. One day his friend gave him tuna fish. He put the tuna in the taco. It tasted delicious! Billy ate tuna fish tacos from then on.
I first had to think of of a blog niche. I decided to start a fitness website. I recruited people to join the site on facebook. I began building up a huge following. I decided to sell the website.
My move to vegas was not planned well. It was one of the best things I've done in my life though. I one day got so frustrated with work, I left for home and packed. It took me about to days with very little breaks to drive there. I have lived here since and have not looked back!
One day little Donnie heard a noise outside his window. Donnie wondered what it could be. He stood up on his tiptoes to see over the bottom window pane. Donnie squealed with joy and called his mother over. Donnie showed his mother that a baby duckling had entered the yard.
I went to my friend Josh's house. He told me about some paid surveys. I went to the website to investigate. Some of the surveys were easy. Some of the surveys were hard.
Danny was in love with his girlfriend. His girlfriend wasn't as in love with Danny. Danny's girlfriend broke up with him. Danny was upset. He didn't speak to anyone for two days.
Tim wanted to learn how to draw. But he kept getting distracted. His friend asked him to play video games. And they ended up playing the whole day. Tim regret wasting the whole day.
Julie arrives early to the airport for her flight. Just as she gets to the desk, she receives an alert on her phone. Her airport check in app says her flight to Paris is canceled. Julie is sad, but has always wanted to visit Spain. She books a train to Barcelona instead.
Joey's favorite sport is baseball. Every summer he tries out for the baseball team. Joey was worried he wouldn't make the team. He practiced very hard every day until try-outs. His practice paid off and he made the team.
Tom went to the zoo with his friends. They interacted with many animals. Tom's favorite was the giraffe. Tom was able to get a close up picture with the giraffe. He loves that photo and uses it for his social media.
Their new house was being built. It was nearing completion. They were so excited to see it taking shape. They really wished it was done already! It would be done before they knew it!
Common was Charles' favorite rapper, now he's Charles' enemy. Common flew to Hawaii and Charles' mother was his attendant. They took selfies hugging each other. Charles was offended and made a record disrespecting Common. Common tried to ignore the insult but the song went viral.
Maggie grabbed the bone out of her owner's hand. She ran across the yard and began to bury it. Another dog tried to steal the bone from her. She snapped at them with a growl. She buried her treat in the dirt.
A man got a new job working in a factory. He forgot the boss' name when they met for the first time. The boss was Indian so the man thought he could guess the name. The boss did not appreciate being called Sanjay. The man felt very embarrassed for being such a fool.
I need coffee. I am in the worst mood until I get a cup. I usually drive to the local Starbucks to get some. As soon as that black gold touches my lips I come alive. I am in a happy mood and ready to start the day.
Samantha was going to make spaghetti but she was out of noodles. She got her keys and left to go to the grocery store. Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them. Then she drove back to her house. She made the spaghetti with her newly bought noodles.
I have a friend Mike who is a Busker. He went to Las Vegas to practice his magic in the street. One of his audiences thought he was a thief. They accosted him and held him for the police. Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas.
Bobby woke up one morning. He was not happy about having to go to school. He was almost late for the bus. The bus got to the stop before bobby. Bobby had to to run to get to the stop on time.
We were leaving the house for a morning walk when we noticed a duck. This little green and black duck was sitting on our front porch. He seemed very tame and friendly, so we named him Wadley. After a month of feeding Wadley, he showed up with 17 kids and a wife! We now have a total of 19 ducks.
Mark had a nasty cough. He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late. He apologized to everyone near him. They forgave Mark for his mistake. Mark kept his hand close to his mouth in case it happened again.
Laura and Maria both needed new clothes for school. They decided to go shopping at the mall. There were some really good back to school sales that week. Both girls found plenty of cute clothes for the new school year. They were very happy with their purchases.
Parker loved movie trivia. He liked to watch fact videos on YouTube. He often stayed up late at night. He slept through the day. When he woke up, he started watching movie videos again.
I was driving to work one day when I felt a slam and a crunch. I had been rear-ended by another car! I got out of my car, furious and ready to confront the other driver. It was my wife! We had a laugh about it when we got home.
I once took a trip to Tokyo, Japan. While I was there I met a pretty girl named Mae. I quickly fell in love with Mae. I decided to stay and get to know her and her family. Now we are married and I live in Japan!
Rob forgot to buy something for his girl for Valentine's Day. He drove to the store, but they didn't have anything left. Rob was horrified that he might disappoint his girl. Then he thought of making his own homemade card. Rob was happy that his girlfriend loved his thoughtful gift.
Henry got drunk on his birthday. He broke a few glasses and couldn't stand up. Ted tried to take him home from the bar. He tried to resist. Ted had to force him inside his car.
Jim and James were twins. They went to the beach together one day. And there they met Jane and Jill. The four of them hit it off. A year later they had a double wedding.
Steven sat on his couch playing games on his iPad. His wife Xiao was curled up next to him with her head in his lap. Jeannie smiled from across the room. She thought her son's new wife was beautiful. Her son looked so relaxed and completely happy.
I was walking through the city one day. I noticed a group of food trucks. It was cold and I wanted to buy something warm. I walked up to a hot chocolate truck. I bought some hot chocolate and continued walking.
Tom bought a new cell phone. He sold his old one online. Unfortunately he forgot to delete his information. Someone found his pictures and posted them online. Tom was thoroughly embarrassed about the private ones.
Julie's family went camping. Her dad forgot to check the weather forecast. About 2 in the morning there was a terrible thunderstorm. Water was coming into the tent. They had to camp out in their car for the night.
Serena went with her friends to a roller skate party. She had a lot of fun until she fell down. She heard a bone crack in her hand and panicked. She had to go to the hospital to have it mended. Even though she had ruined the outing, her friends were there for her.
Tom was known as a loner. And it would make him happy if he had a friend. On Valentine's day, he saw an envelope on the floor. And it has his name on it. But another Tom from his class claimed the envelope.
Last year I stayed in Martha's Vineyard. I had a great time and the house was beautiful. To my dismay however, there was a rat in the basement. We all freaked out. Thankfully we called animal control and they took care of it.
Caroline was far from being sweet. In fact, she was a very bitter woman. She loved creating chaos everywhere she went. And took pleasure from seeing people fail. When Caroline died, no one was there to take care of her.
Christian came home and told his mom picture day was the next day. His mom told him they'd go get him a new outfit. They went to the store. Christian picked a great outfit to wear. He wore his new outfit and took a fantastic picture.
Mark was with his son at the library. Suddenly, he noticed a man walking around with a big bag. The man approached Mark and his son. He offered the little boy a toy from the bag. Mark thanked the man as his son picked a toy.
Jim got a new hat. He showed it to everyone. Tim stole the hat. Jim started to cry. Tim felt bad and gave Jim back the hat.
Jeremy could tell that he was not well. He made an appointment with his doctor. The doctor prescribed Jeremy an antibiotic. He took the medicine exactly as prescribed. Jeremy is no longer ill.
One day I was shopping. I set my purse down for just one minute. When I came back, my wallet was gone. I called the police. They never found it.
Nick and Jess are roommates. One night Nick kissed Jess. She really loved him. He started acting weird after that. Finally they got together!
Carl was an old man who sold balloons. One day, he met a young boy named Russell. Russell wanted a balloon but couldn't afford one. Carl was in a charitable mood. He gave Russell two balloons for free.
Loretta decides she needs to start taking better care of herself. She thinks the best way to begin is to start brushing her teeth daily. Loretta gets up the next morning and brushes her teeth. She finds that she feels better afterwards. Loretta is proud to be taking better care of herself now.
The man moved into the retirement home. He met a lady there. They went to bingo together. They fell in love. They got married.
Jane witnessed a house fire. The local news showed up. They asked if they could interview her about it. Jane accepted and answered their questions. She saw herself on the news later that night.
Mark and Sue went on a hike. Mark did not drink enough water. He became dehydrated and couldn't walk. Sue had to go get Mark help. Mark is now in the hospital.
Julia decided to look for a job after her youngest child moved out. She created a resume on her computer. Julia then looked in the paper for local companies that were hiring. She went on several interviews the following week. Julia was really happy to be hired on at the daycare center.
Willie's electrical bill was due. Willie mailed a check in the mail. He forgot to put a check on the envelope. The bill came back. Willie ended up paying the bill late.
Lewis called his friend on his cell phone. He left a message on the voicemail. He waited for two days without receiving a return call. Someone else answered when he called his friend again. Lewis realized that he had the wrong number.
Matt did high school wrestling. He was a big underdog for an upcoming match. Matt trained extra hard to prove everyone wrong. When the match came Matt was destroyed. He learned why he was the underdog.
My husband and I went to the supermarket today to buy groceries. We used the weekly circular to determine which items were on sale. We bought celery, lettuce, cottage cheese, and eggs. The self checkouts had the shortest lines. We paid for our groceries and were on our way.
Tom was feeling rather sick. Sally was taking care of Tom. Sally put a pot on the stove. She filled it with chicken noodle soup. Sally gave the soup to Tom.
Eden woke up late to work. He decided to call in sick because he didn't want to rush. His boss thought he was really needed at work that day. Eden agreed to come in late. Eden helped his boss catch up on important work.
James is feeling lonely on a Friday night. He decides to watch a movie to pass the time. James watches a scary movie. After watching he feels a little sleepy. James is glad that he doesn't feel lonely any more.
Beth got a job when she was fourteen. She saved her money for two Year's so she could buy a car. One of the first times she drove the car, she got into a bad accident. The car flipped over twice and slid across a lane of oncoming traffic. The car was totaled and Beth had no money or car, but she was alive.
The men shook hands in greeting. That increased their trust in one another. They cooperated on a project. The project went well. The men shook hands in parting.
When i was in college,i learned how to bake. I started in baking those easy pastries. Then i decided to try baking cakes. When i have time, i'm baking in our house for my siblings. Then i became baker of the house.
Sam wanted to get a new keyboard. His current one was starting to get worn out. He went to his local electronics store. He found a mechanical keyboard that he really enjoyed. Sam was able to type much faster with this new keyboard.
Lister Blister thought he was losing his mind. He was laughing maniacally at a painting of a banana. His coworkers came up to him and asked if he was alright. Lister couldn't answer, as he was laughing too hard. Eventually they had to call someone to take Lister home.
Mary woke up in need of a shower. But when she opened the tap, there was no water. She called her apartment complex. She was told the water would come back in the afternoon. Grunting, Mary reluctantly got dressed for work feeling dirty.
I started learning computer science. It involves a lot of coding and typing. My ultimate goal is to be able to design programs. I want to help people by making software that fixes their problems. I also hope that get paid a lot when I design things.
Dan always wanted to fly as a kid. Dan decided to follow his dream. Dan decided to join the Air Force to become a pilot. A few years later, Dan was flying fighter jets. Dan is happy that he pursued his dream in life.
Sally wanted to go to a concert. She decided to go ahead and buy tickets. Her friends promised they would buy tickets too. However, the concert sold out and they did not. Sally ended up not going and wasted her money.
Danny and his friends went to a local club. The party was huge and included a DJ and dance area. They had a good time until the lights went off. Danny tried to walk past the crowd to find his friends. It took an hour for him to find them.
Charles made a record better than most musicians. But if Charles couldn't get a record deal the song was useless. He e-mailed the link to various music executives. Finally a record company representative called Charles. He said Charles had more talent than most musicians.
I was in a hotel once. It was a convention. They had food on carts all day long. They changed the variety every few hours. It was nice not having to cook.
David wanted to learn how to surf very badly. Unfortunately, he had lost his foot in an accident. Still, he bought a surfboard and went into the ocean. He pushed himself up on the board, and balanced himself. He did it, he was surfing!
The Lee family had a history of serving in the military. The youngest son of the family, Chang did not want to serve. One day the grandfather of the family came to visit. He shared stories. Inspired by his grandfather's words Chang decided to serve as well.
I pull into the parking lot and  find a spot close to the door. I know exactly where I need to go and what I need to get. I see the man with the yellow smock waiting outside the door. It's the annual Tootsie Roll drive and I don't have any money. I promised him I'll catch up next time and get my Tootsie Roll.
Tammy taught her cat to flush the toilet. One weekend, Tammy's mom came to visit. She was awakened by flushing from the dark bathroom. Tammy's mom rushed out of the room in a panic. The panic turned to confusion when she saw the cat stroll out.
My son was chosen to referee soccer games played by young children. He was very happy to earn money and help others learn a game he loved. His first game involved four and five year olds. Although he was kind and fair, several parents yelled at him. He decided he never wanted to referee again.
Ben had graduated from college with his ideals intact. He got a job with the local district attorney's office. His first case was against a local crime boss. The corrupt judge ruled against Ben. The crime boss later had Been decapitated in front of his family.
George decided to join the baseball team. He made a plan to practice every day. He ended up missing several days of practice. At his first game he was nervous. He did not perform well.
Dana aspired to be a professional travel writer and started a blog. With limited funds, she wrote about neighborhood jaunts and day trips. She introduced readers to the idea that nearby places can be exciting. A local economic development group found the blog and promoted it. Eventually, this led to a newspaper column about local adventures.
June had just gotten a new phone. She was talking on it one afternoon. As she hung up, her dog tripped her. Her phone went flying through the air. It landed on the floor and the shattered into tiny pieces.
Sylvia was a girl scout. She had been selling cookies. When she had delivered all of them, she realized she had extras. She took them to her mom's work. There, she was able to sell the rest.
John considers himself a pizza enthusiast. John tried to eat at every new pizza place that opens. John has been trying out new pizza places twice a week. John realized he could not fit into his clothes anymore. John didn't realize all the pizza he was consuming made him fat.
Caleb had gone to the beach. He had planned to go swimming. Caleb walked into the water. The water was freezing. Caleb decided to just go for a job instead.
James was woken up around 3am by a sound in his garage. He lives in the wilderness so he was afraid it was a bear. He got up to look out of his window and sure enough, it was. The bear had managed to lift his garage door. James closed the door and trapped the bear inside until rangers came.
My niece's daughter started college this week. She went to UMass Lowell. I looked on FB for her dorm. Her dorm is a former hotel, with private bathrooms. I think she was lucky to have such a nice room.
Eddie and Rita toured a local historic house for Valentine's day. During the tour, Eddy felt very ill, very quickly. Rita rushed him to the hospital. Eddy got an IV and medications to take home. The two ended up spending Valentine's eating soup and watching TV.
Deb was failing her math class at school. She needed to get a passing grade in order to graduate. She hired a part time math tutor to help her at night. She worked hard for a few weeks and began passing the tests. She ended up passing the entire class and was able to graduate.
Andy just started his new career as a personal trainer. He already has ten established clients he works with weekly. He has set each one up with a diet and exercise plan. He loves that he gets to help people reach their fitness goals. He also loves that he gets paid to work out!
Jim was a junior in high school. He was hanging out with friends at lunch when he got a dare. He had to eat a raw habanero pepper. Jim's face quickly turned a bright red as the pepper was very hot. Jim needed to go home from school because he couldn't focus in class.
Scottie is seeking help for his anger management. He can't locate a counselor that seems helpful to him. This angers Scottie. He relapses and struggles to get help. Scottie never finds the right help.
The man added salt. It tasted better with the salt. He decided to add more salt. It was too salty after that. He ate it anyways.
Amaya wanted a high school yearbook. But the book was $65 and she could not afford it! Then her teacher handed her a copy of the yearbook. The other students had chipped in and purchased Amaya's book! Amaya was so happy, she nearly cried.
For breakfast Ryan had a donut form the new shop in town. He decided on a jelly donut. Ryan thought it was the best donut he ever had. All day Ryan kept telling friends, coworkers and family about it. They all came with him the following morning to each get one.
Beth was shopping in the mall one day. She had picked up a few things and was ready to leave. Just as she was leaving she spotted a sad puppy in the window. She went inside and asked about the puppy. She signed all the papers and took her new puppy home!
Both Bob and Mike wanted to lose weight. So they decided they should start to eat healthier. But they also realized they needed to burn more calories. So each night they decided to go for a long walk. They soon shed all the weight they needed to lose.
A rainy day kept Claire and her brother inside. They both stared out the window with mopey faces. Their parents walked in the room holding snacks and a board-game. Claire and her brother lit up with excitement. It was the best rainy day!
When I was seven years old, I started to have doubts. I started to think that Santa may not be real. One day, I found a toy in my mom's car. That toy turned up under the tree on Christmas day. I suddenly felt assured that Santa was not real.
Jim met Sam for the first time. Before they left each other, she gave him her Facebook URL. He tried to find her URL online. In addition, he also looked through her account. He found that that she is a party animal based on her photos.
The researcher observed the tiger from behind a bush. He was very quiet so that the tiger didn't hear him. While barely breathing in the bush, the research saw an antelope. The tiger sprang to his feet and tore off chasing his dinner! The researcher was so excited to experience such a sight!
Vanessa was hosting a baby shower at her home. She mailed out cards to the guests. Vanessa planned party games to play. She decorated her home for the party. Vanessa went to the store to pick up a cake.
Ernie, the dog, was sick and tired of being around humans. He hated it so much that he often dreamed of running away. He saw his chance and took it. The door was left open and Ernie ran away. Ernie was introduced to the wild, and found a loving family.
Hannah and Julia were at the mall. They saw some expensive sweaters that they liked. Julia wanted to steal one, but Hannah said no. Julia decided to do it anyways. As they left the store, Julia was caught.
Mehdi was a large character in his group. He would always seek the approval of his friends. These friends would always give him the respect he deserved. Despite this, Mehdi would always try hard to please them. He held friendship and morals in extremely high regard.
Robert left the dog toys in the yard after playing with the dog. The grass was tall in the yard so the toys were hidden. Robert decided to mow the yard without checking for the dog toys. Robert ran over a few of the toys and destroyed them. Robert decided to check the rest of the yard for more toys.
Billy was three years old. He loved to play with blocks. He only had one set to play with. His father bought him a new set to play with. He now has more blocks than he knows what to do with.
May was playing with her new doll. She decided to curl the doll's hair with a curling iron. The dolls plastic hair stuck to the iron. May panicked and dropped the iron on her leg. She had a long burn mark where the iron landed.
Tom wanted to fix his car. But he did not want to get his hands dirty. He did not know what to do. He decided to buy some gloves. Then he fixed his car without getting dirty hands.
Brian took Kelly on their first date. They had dinner and then saw a movie. Then they went out for a few drinks. They confessed that they'd both hated the movie. Together they laughed and had a great time!
James got dressed to go to a concert. He looked really handsome in his suit. When he got to the concert, they thought he was a VIP. In the VIP section he got a bunch of free food and drinks. While in the VIP, he got to meet the band.
Fred came home after a long day of school. He changed his clothes and ate something. Afterwards, he was playing online games for several hours. He realized that he was supposed to study for an exam tomorrow. He tried to but ended up falling asleep.
Ben stood his ground. He wouldn't let Fred win the argument this time. Fred started talking, but Ben interrupted him right away. Ben stated his case in a few short sentences. And for the first time, Fred conceded defeat.
Kia went to the car dealership with her parents. They wanted to teach her about credit. So they helped Kia sign up for a car lease. Then they helped her pick a brand new car! Kia was happy with her car - and her lesson in responsibility.
The Jenner Family went to the family ski house every winter. They loved the house and had great memories of skiing. One winter there was a severe storm. The house was blown away by the wind storm. Now the Jones family no longer goes to the ski house.
Jim's parents signed him up for little league baseball. He practiced with his father every afternoon to prepare for his games. On the weekends, Jim played with his team against other teams. Jim's team was always very dominant because of how well he played. Jim's team went on to win the state championship for baseball.
Sherman worked for a car company developing a self-driving vehicle. He could not wait to see self-driving cars integrated into society. It would save countless lives. He thought about that future during his drive home. His mind wandered too far and he got in a fender bender.
My husband decided that today was going to be the day to go out. He picked a wonderful restaurant to visit and took me there. On the way he complimented me and my outfit. While we were eating he held my hand and listened to me when I talked. I had a very wonderful time while we ate together there.
Mitch had never been to the Florida Keys before. He was very excited to see it. It was a long way there, but he finally made it. Mitch was in Key West and he was having a fantastic time. He would never forget the Keys and how much fun he had.
Billy loved to farm. He just planted some peppers. They started to die. He looked up how to tend them. They grew up nice and big.
When I was 8 months pregnant, we had a huge ice storm. It knocked out the electricity in my house. I went 4 days with no heat or food. I had to try to drive on the ice to get into town. We would eat at the places that had power.
Frank decided to try rock climbing out as a sport. He practiced for a few months inside of a gym with safety gear. After those months he finally decided to try and climb up a mountain. He got his gear and drove to a nearby mountain and began climbing. His hard work paid off when he looked down at the world from the top.
Gina's brother Jay had been out of the house. Now he was back. He'd fought their father. Their dad was a foot taller and 50 pounds bigger. Gina no longer felt safe with him around.
Beth had been very sad after a recent divorce. She inherited a little bit of money from an aunt. She tried to think of something to buy to make her happy. Beth finally decided on dancing lessons. Dancing has brought joy and hope back into Beth's life.
Michelle's birthday is quickly approaching. She does not have anything planned. Her friends want to surprise her with a party. They invite Michelle to dinner out. She is very surprised to show up and find it is a party for her.
Talia's parents allowed her to stay home alone for the first time. She was nervous , but also excited. Talia was proud that she had gained the trust of her parents. Talia watched tv shows and ate some ice cream for dinner. She hopes her parents will let her stay home alone more often.
Jude was a real snob. He judged everyone and everything. When someone made a bad critic of his last novel, he fell apart. He lashed out and made a fool of himself. But when he calmed down, he learned to not be a snob anymore.
Cam's mom told him not to eat all his Christmas candy at once. But Cam was so hungry and it was so delicious! He ate all his sweets and chocolates. Later, he got a bad stomachache. Cam wished he had listened to his mom!
Han was Asian but born in America. He wanted to get familiar with his background. He traveled to Japan and met his grandparents. He loved it so much, he stayed longer and longer. Eventually, he decided to take up citizenship and never returned.
Kyle is having a hard time in school. He is failing more than 2 classes. Kyle becomes depressed. Kyle stops going to school. Kyle drops out of school.
Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account. He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid. He paid both bills for a total of ninety two dollars. He ate nothing but ramen noodles for the next three days. He survived until payday with eight dollars left.
That summer, the new girl was invited to a pool party. It was at the house of the girl who had vomited on her first day. She had grown to really like her. They played and laughed all day at the party. They became best friends by the end of the day.
Gina reserved a room at a great lodge for her anniversary. She and her husband relaxed and ate great food. They hiked in the nearby mountains. It was a great, quiet retreat. Gina decided they would make it an annual trip.
Chris often drove above the speed limit. He found himself getting to work a lot faster. His parents warned him about getting speeding tickets. Chris continued to drive above the speed limit on his way to work. Chris was pulled over by an officer and got a speeding ticket.
Sara loved gumbo. She decided to cook some herself. She found the perfect recipe. She bought all the ingredients. It turned out wonderfully.
Gordon had just raked up a big pile of leaves. He went into the house to get a glass of water. Gordon's daughter jumped into the leaves, spreading them out. Gordon returned outside and saw the leaves. He made his daughter rake the pile back up.
Kelly wanted a new hairstyle. It was time for a change. She went to the salon for a new cut. After the cut Kelly looked in the mirror. Her hair was all cut off.
Ryan's grandma loved to make quilts. Her quilts were beautiful. Ryan's girlfriend loved her quilts. As a surprise he asked her to make one for her. She was so happy and loved Grandma's quilt.
I was home alone one evening. I saw a picture of my wife and I when we first started dating. I felt sad about how much time had passed. I decided to call my wife. When she answered we talked for an hour.
Kim brushed her horse. She set down the brush on the floor. She accidentally sat on the brush. The hard bristles surprised her. She yelled in surprise.
Charlie and his friends went and played miniature golf. It was a close match throughout with a number of holes in one. Charlie stepped to the 18th tee and buried his first shot. His friends all hit their final shots into the water. Charlie won the match and had bragging rights until the next game.
Sharon was with Tommy for two years. They were in love together. One day Sharon noticed Tommy wasn't picking up his phone. Sharon went to Tommy's House. Found him with another Woman and Dumped him.
Ted had a fear for cats. He had been afraid of them since he was a small child. One day he visited his sister and saw she had adopted a cat. He was afraid to sit near the cat even when it was asleep. Ted cut his visit to his sister's house short to avoid the cat.
I was scheduled to go to Disney world. I had never been before. So naturally I was excited. Yet when I actually went on the trip I hated it. I wanted to leave very badly.
The kid had a new watch. It was set to go off every night at nine pm. His dad would get so annoyed when he would hear it. Finally, the dad took the batteries out. The kid was sad his watch didn't work anymore.
Jess was hungry one night for a snack. She went to scour her fridge but saw how gross it was. The mess inside the fridge made her lose her appetite. It was late but she decided she may as well clean it all up. When it was done she was tired enough to fall asleep.
Robin wanted to take a vacation. Her best friend lived in Michigan. She booked a plane ticket for the following weekend. Robin told her friend she was coming and they were excited. They had a great time together.
Fall leaves are very pretty in the beginning of the Autumn season. I can't wait to clean them all up though. I wait till all the trees have dropped all of their leaves. We have one stubborn tree that keeps some leaves all winter. It doesn't drop them till Spring and I have to wait to rake them up.
Leo wanted to go off roading. So his next car was an off road vehicle. He had tons of fun off roading. But he couldn't afford to maintain his vehicle. So Leo only went off roading a few times a month.
The couple went to church. The sermon was controversial. The couple left half way through the sermon. They looked for another church in town. There was none.
Lucy went to the dentist. She had a tooth extracted. She asked to keep the tooth. She put it under her pillow. The tooth fairy never came though.
Tia spilled coffee on her new skirt. She hurried to remove it and scrub the stain. She treated it with a strong stain remover. Then she washed it normally. Tia was relieved to see that the stain was gone!
Pam was a very artistic person. Most of her art came in the form of sculptures. She grew tired of it so she began focusing on her painting. She found that she liked it very much. Now she paints more than she sculpts.
Gina was at her grandma's house. They had just gotten back from her grandpa's funeral. Everyone was anxious to change into comfortable clothes. Gina was the last one in the house. She had to wait for a room to open up so she could change.
Today I taught my friend and how to jump rope. She figured it out very quickly. She is almost as good as me already. She makes me jump faster and higher because I want to the best. I am glad I have someone that I can jump rope with this summer.
Jane was the best comedian ever. She was so funny her routine was an immediate hit. One day a teenage boy told her women can't be funny. Jane took a deep breath and told him the world's funniest joke. But the teenage boy didn't get it.
Elizabeth moved into a new house. She decided to paint the house. She picked out a good color and got to work. When all was said and done, she stood back to admire the house. It looked even more beautiful to her because she had done it herself.
When Rex was 70 years old, he retired. He had been looking forward to retirement all of his life. He sat in his armchair and thought about all the fun things to do. Instead, he sat there and did nothing. He missed his old job tremendously.
Keith was walking into his dark house. His roommate was trying to scare him. Keith's roommate was hiding behind the door. His roommate jumped out from behind the door. Keith yelled loudly in fear.
Ben was a little nervous as he looked across the room. He hadn't seen his high school girlfriend since they graduated. She was his first love, so she had a special place in his heart. They were both still single so who knew what would happen? They both smiled as they saw each other across the room.
Sadie was at lunch with her friends. Suddenly, a boy approached their table. He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date. Her friends giggled and waited for her response. Sadie decided to say yes.
John invited Jane enjoy a meal together. John decided to cook his favorite dish. John cooked a fresh salmon with cucumber sauce. The meal was perfect but Jane secretly hates fish. Jane never went on another date with John.
Tom took his car to a mechanic. They wanted to charge him a lot of money. Tom was unsure about the estimate. He took it to another mechanic for a second look. That one quoted him a much more reasonable price.
I love to eat honey. Alas, it is quite expensive. I decided to harvest my own honey. I built a structure to house hundreds of bees. After a few weeks, I had successfully harvested some honey!
Kelly was cooking dinner for her parents for the first time. She decided to prepare lasagna. When her father took a bite, it was crunchy! They realized that she had omitted the step of boiling the noodles. Everyone laughed and they joked about it for years.
I had to clean my room the other day. While I was cleaning under my bed I saw a spider. I was so shocked that I screamed. I ran down stairs to get a boot. I put my boot on and squashed the spider.
Rena and Jerry went to highschool together. They immediately fell in love. As soon as they were of age they got married. Unfortunately they couldn't make it work as a married couple. So they filed for divorce but remained friends.
Our family stopped at a roadside attraction, and my cousin got out. He slammed the car door on my finger before I had a chance to get out. Unaware of any pain, I stared at my finger and started noticing it. When we finally got the door open again, my figure was partially cut. It eventually healed, and I still have the scar to prove it.
Ben saw a squirrel in his yard. He went into the kitchen and found peanuts. He went to the squirrel and fed it peanuts. He continued to feed the squirrel until the peanuts were gone. Ben's mom was shocked to see that there were no more peanuts.
My son was into wrestling when he was seven. He wanted a new ring for Christmas. It was a popular toy and hard to find. I found one in a store but they held only for 1 hour. My wife worked nearby and picked it up.
Velma wanted to get a frozen banana from the banana stand. Frozen bananas were ten dollars each. Velma only had five dollars. Velma looked through her car for spare change. Velma ended up buying a banana snow cone instead.
John realizes that he hasn't eaten anything all morning. He is beginning to feel hungry. John decides to make himself a sandwich to eat. He fills the sandwich with meat and vegetables. John is glad that he got something to eat this morning.
I went to a seafood restaurant. They were having a ten dollar all you can eat special. Unfortunately, it was all you can eat eels. I slowly tasted a large piece of fried eel. The taste was so wonderful that I filled my plate.
Tom bought the new game at a store. Tom inserted the game into his game system. The first game he played he failed miserably., In his anger he threw, and broke his game controller. Tom could no longer play his new game.
Jane had a research paper due at the end of class. She had been working all week on it. When she went to print it out, she could not find it. She searched everywhere on her computer. Jane had accidentally deleted her research paper.
Amy's morning coffee was wearing off. She still had 3 hours in class, and she had volleyball later. It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared. She dragged herself to the lunch room to eat. She simply hoped eating lunch would make her feel better.
Pearl was in a big rush. She only had a few hours to finish her work. She worked through lunch and she didn't answer her phone. She just stared at her computer and pressed on. She finished the work with just a few minutes to spare.
Roger wanted to wear his new shirt to school. Once he wore it, he realized one of the buttons was missing. He told his parents who brought it to the store quickly. The store was able to give Roger a new shirt. Roger then wore the new shirt to school the next day.
Family was on vacation in Disneyland. We all lined up for a ride. They told me it was for little kids. It wound up being a scary coaster. I got scared but they laughed.
Zack was ten years old. His dad decided he was old enough to take out the trash. Zack tied the bag. Zack carried the bag to the dumpster. Zack took out the trash!
Gary was in a track meet. He was in one of the running events. Gary jumped off the blocks before the start of the race. He jumped off the blocks twice. Gary was disqualified from the race.
Alicia was going on a date with Tim. She really liked Tim. The only problem was that he was ten years younger. Alicia wasn't sure her friends would approve. Thankfully they did.
Jenny was driving down the road when suddenly another car hit her. She was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. The doctor told her that she would never be able to walk again. Jenny refused to believe it and worked hard over the next year. Jenny walked back into the hospital and shook the doctor's hand.
Thomas was sitting in class. His stomach began to hurt. He decided to go to the nurse. They saw that his temperature was very high. His mom came to pick him up.
Mr Peters was speeding in his car to get home fast. A cop saw Mr Peters and tried to pull him over. Mr Peters sped up to outrun the cop. He lost the cop in the chase. Mr Peters got home five minutes early!
I played speed chess on the internet this morning. Each player is given only three minutes. The player who runs out of time loses. I won three games and lost one on time. I blamed my loss on thinking too much, thus losing time.
The kids wanted to play a game. The could not decide what to play. The finally drew straws. They ended up playing monopoly. They played for hours until all went bankrupt.
I've been having trouble with squirrels. They keep stealing the birds' food. So, I bought a squirrel guard yesterday. It's a metal dome that protects the food. Today, the birds will finally get to eat uninterrupted.
When he was an infant Henry's parents died. Because he was an orphan was sent to live with relatives. His relatives treated him badly. Henry received a scholarship to a boarding school. Henry was happy to leave the care of his relatives.
Joy's mind sheared away from images she didn't want to dwell on. She was putting together a photo album for her family. Joy found many pleasant pictures to put in it. She had the photo book printed, one for every family member. Joy sent them all in time for Valentine's Day.
I went to college in Alabama. The school I went to wasn't very good. The English teacher was very terrible. He tried to teach grammar but didn't understand it well. He was eventually fired for not being able to do his job.
Sal was training to enter a marathon. He jogged everyday at the local park. Sal began to start watching his diet. Sal was in his best shape ever on the day of the marathon. Sal was in the top twenty finishers of the race.
I had lunch with two friends yesterday. I had chosen the restaurant. I ordered a hamburger. My friends ordered the same. My wife said people often do that.
Something was eating the strawberries in Bev's garden. Whatever it was would take big bites out of them. One Saturday morning she went out to water the plants. There was a turtle taking a bite of a big red berry. She thought he was so cute that she couldn't be angry at him.
Burt had a bee farm. Burt loved all his bees, naming the queen of every hive. However, when Burt's father died, the business began to fail. Burt struggled for several years until all his money ran out. Finally, he had to sell his beloved bee farm and drive a taxi.
I wanted to have a lot of really colorful eggs ready for Easter. I purchased a large amount of eggs. Then I got some dye and prepared all the eggs. I let them dry for a while. On Easter day I had a large amount of dyed eggs for everyone.
Tom worked at an office. His manager was Jerry. Jerry called a meeting. Jerry issued commands to Tom. Tom agreed and followed orders.
Larry is on his way home from a football game. He is headed down the road. He hears a really loud bang coming from his car. He pulls over and looks at his car. The engine is toast and Larry is left all alone on the road.
Rex played poker once a week with his friends, all but Alex. Rex knew he didn't know how to play but forced Alex to come. Rex explained the game and told everyone to go easy. Alex won the whole pot within an hour, shocking everyone but himself. Alex had really been training for Year's to pull of his biggest bluff.
Terrence flew often in first class. He liked the free slippers and the free drinks. One day, first class was full and he had to sit in coach. He was so uncomfortable, he complained the whole way. Terrence never flew coach after this.
Sara was making popcorn. She put the bag in the oven and pressed the time. Little did she know the microwave was broken. When she came back, the bag was still unpopped. Sara finally figured out that the microwave didn't work.
Tim loved riding his motorcycle off road. He would enjoy getting muddy. He thought about which activities brought him the most fun. He decided that hitting every puddle would increase his happiness. Tim never missed a puddle again and became a happier person.
Bob keeps losing his wallet. So it inspires him to develop a wallet with a GPS device sewn into it. He has a bunch of them manufactured. He starts selling the GPS wallets. Bob makes millions from his invention.
Randall was playing with his BB gun. He liked to shoot cans and bottles. One day his BB gun misfired and hit a bird. Randall felt extremely guilty. He brought the bird home and nursed it back to health.
Allie sat by the fire. She wanted to roast marshmallows. They looked good. But all the sudden the marshmallows were burnt. She had ruined them.
I got tired of having eggs and potatoes for breakfast every day. So I got some pancake mix to make pancakes. I combines the mix, an egg, some milk, and a bit of oil. I mixed all those up really well, but not too much. And this morning I made three really fantastic pancakes.
Yesterday I decided to paint my nails red. It was a beautiful color. My nails glistened. I got many compliments. I will keep them this color.
Barry was in the outfield. He was a little bit bored as no balls were really coming his way. He heard a loud crack and looked up. There it was, coming right at him. He held his arm up high and caught it!
The scientists developed a new robot. It could do lots of different things. They entered their best one in a competition. It won for its ability to solve problems. The team was proud of their accomplishment.
Sarah's computer was running funny. It was really slow. She opened it up with a screwdriver. She saw it was clogged with dust! She blew the dust out with some compressed air.
I had a terrible customer at the restaurant today. She asked for a bottle of wine. When I brought the bottle of wine, she complained about the long wait. Although it had not been long at all, I apologized. Instead, I wish I could have told her that she was rude.
Cindy was always cold. She piled blankets on top of herself. She was starting to warm up. She decided that she needed even more. Cindy could never truly be warm!
Phil's family was coming to visit. He had nothing to feed them! Phil went to the grocery store. Phil found a rack of lamb on sale. Phil cooked the lamb for his family.
Tom was shopping at the store. Tom loved cow's milk, and had never tried goat milk. Tom was surprised to see goat milk for sale at the store. Tom excitedly purchased the goat milk. Tom drank goat milk for the first time and loved it.
Mike had to pass a test to get the job he wanted. The test was extremely difficult so Mike studied hard. He didn't pass it on the first try so he studied even more. Finally, Mike passed the test on his third try. Then, he got the job.
Xavier was writing with a pen. Then the pen ran out of ink. Xavier sighed and shook the pen furiously. Suddenly ink shot out and hit a girl beside him. The girl didn't notice though, and Xavier quietly left the room.
Dorothy had an early school day. She wanted a quick meal before she caught her ride. She decided to pour out a bowl of cereal. It wasn't until after it was poured that she noticed the lack of milk. She wound up eating it dry anyway.
I took the headset out of its' new box. I put it down on the desk and left it there. The next day I needed it. I looked everywhere and couldn't find it. I was unable to work that day without my headset.
Gretchen combed her hair in the morning. She noticed one grey hair. She pulled the grey hair out with tweezers. Then she noticed another grey hair. She left that one where it was.
Wanda was going to go see Spectre today. When she got out of bed, she felt weak and sick. It turns out that she had a terrible fever. When she went to the doctor, he said she should stay home for days. Thankfully, she decided against going to the theater.
Chuck was playing a board game with his friends. He was frustrated a ton by the rules of the game. As he griped, he began imagining his own perfect game. Soon he realized that his idea was actually really good. He put the real game together and managed to sell it.
Jessica hadn't seen her little sister in years. Her mom had kept them separated after a huge fight. Jessica was able to convince her aunt to arrange a secret meeting. They were able to talk and catch up. Unfortunately, Jessica's mom found out and was furious.
Daria wanted a new sweater. She went to the mall to look for something she might like. Daria went to six different stores and did not find anything. Daria went home to look for a sweater online. She found a beautiful sweater and ordered it right away.
Gill and Mike started carpooling to work. They would meet at a park and ride. Then they decided who would drive on that day. They figured it was a good way to save on wear and tear. It also caught them a lot less in gas.
Paul was an egotistical man, who would do anything to get to the top. He constantly put himself ahead of others who were more deserving. He was resented by his coworkers, and the customers of his company. One day, an angry mob formed, and they threatened Paul. Paul backed down, and he moved to France.
The kids were playing when they heard the ice cream truck approach. They raced to ask their parents for money for an ice cream. After getting their money, they ran out and flagged down the truck. Each kid waited and paid for their ice cream. They sat outside and ate their ice cream together.
Rob found a new place to golf. The grass was manicured and beautiful. He started golfing there every evening. He bought new clubs and a membership. Rob was glad he had a new play to improve his game.
Stewart has always been a big gamer since the age of 5. One day while at the mall he saw a sign for a video game tournament. He promptly signed up for the tournament. The following week he ended up winning the tournament. He came home with a gold medal.
Tom was driving home from work. He saw a young woman with a stranded vehicle. He pulled over to help. He changed her flat tire. She was very grateful for Tom's help.
June was going to the beach to tan. She went to the store to purchase tanning lotion. While at the store she noticed a lonely woman. She asked the woman if she wanted to tan at the beach with her. The woman agreed and they became good friends.
Oscar enjoyed walking to his local mall. But he wished there was a library near by. He remembered that he could read books on his phone, however. So he used the mall's wifi. And he read books at a digital library.
Jim sat around a fire making himself s'mores. The marshmallow caught fire as he warmed it up. Jim tried to wave the burning marshmallow to blow it out. The marshmallow instead flew threw the air onto dead leaves. The leaves caught fire and Jim began to panic.
Tiffany left her house to go for a walk at night. While walking, a car began to slowly follow her. She ignored it, but the car came back and did it again. This time, Tiffany ran away and called the police. The police arrived later and Tiffany went home.
Kate was excited to see her dad. He was always away on business but here for a few days. Kate went to her dad's bedroom and presented him with a box. Her dad looked surprised and asked what the gift was for. She told him it was for him being such a good father.
Becky had the day off work. She decided to take her son out to eat. He picked his favorite mexican restaurant. Next she took him to get a haircut. They had such a great day.
Jem and Walter were good friends when it came to some things. They turned into enemies when it had to do with pizza though. This day they were both staring at the last slice of Pizza. They had both eaten the same amount but here they were with 1 left. They agreed to split it in half, an idea they never thought of before.
When I was younger I had an older car. I had to drive my wife to a doctor out of town often. On tbe first trip i stopped half way to check the oil. The dip stick runs next to the hot exhaust. When I wiped it off it burned my fingers.
Abby brings her new iPad everywhere. Her friends warn her to be careful with her shiny new iPad. One day Abby takes her iPad to the train station. It slips from her hands and falls to the floor. Now her iPad has a big crack in the screen.
Anna needed new sneakers for her track team. But her mom could not afford them for her. She said Anna would have to buy them out of her own allowance! Anna determinedly saved her allowance every week. Soon she had enough for the sneakers she wanted!
It was time for Nita's annual performance review. She was very nervous! Her boss called her into his office. Then he told Nita her performance was great this year! He even gave Nita a small raise.
The man took a shower. He needed a towel. He looked in the cupboard. It was empty. He dried off with a clean shirt from his dresser.
Daria liked horror novels. She went to the bookstore. She looked in the horror section. She looked for her favorite author. She got the new Stephen King novel.
Eddie bought a donkey. The donkey wouldn't pull any carts though. When he tried to hitch up the cart, the donkey kicked him. Eddie went back to the market attempting to resell the donkey. Everyone knew about his donkey, and didn't buy it.
Janine went to the water park. She met some friends there. She had a good time with her friends. She scraped her foot on the bottom of a pool. Overall Janine had a good time at the water park.
Matty was five and loved scary movies. He begged his mom to let him stay up late to finish a horror movie. She warned him he might have nightmares, but finally she gave in. But sure enough, that night Matty woke screaming from a bad dream! He sobbingly agreed to listen to his mom's advice from now on.
I grabbed a bag of trash to take outside to the can. I noticed a pile of nearly empty lighters and threw them away too. I walked outside with the trash and then smoked a cigarette. After smoking the cigarette, I threw it into the trash can. Suddenly, I heard a loud explosion and saw fire from the old lighters.
Chelsea chose a movie from a DVD case. She put it in the machine. With the remote, she turned on the movie. She cuddled under a blanket and watched it. It ended a couple of hours later.
The owner of the bowling alley wanted people to come in during Easter. He collected all the balls and began to paint them Easter colors. His plan was a big hit with the locals. One pastor conducted a service on lane 6. When he gave his last amen everyone began to bowl.
Ana was making mud pies. She went in her yard with a pie tin. Then she mixed water to make mud. She knelt in the mess and slopped the mud into the tin. Ana had a great afternoon playing with her mud pies!
Brittany just turned 4 years old and is going to preschool. Her mom gets her dressed and ready for her big day. Brittany is happy and excited for school. Brittany walks to the door with her mom. Her mom says goodbye and Brittany starts her first day of school.
This morning, like usual we left our house on time for school. On the way there we come across a concrete truck stuck in the mud. There was just enough room to go around and continue on, so we did. Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road. We were then forced to another route, what a morning!
Jim mouthed off to a fella who'd just gotten out of prison. The fella had a short temper and got pretty angry real quick. Jim kept up his trash talking. The fella beat Jim up so much he ended up in a coma and then died. The fella's going back to jail for violating his parole.
Ashlee had an exciting opportunity. She was going to get to record a radio show. She needed to come up with an idea. She ate some pie while she brainstormed. Suddenly, she was inspired and decided on a food show.
Kate was spending time with her boyfriend. She was showing him some of her favorite songs on the guitar. Suddenly, she revealed that she had written him a song. She performed it for him as he listened happily. He thanked her for the song and they felt even closer.
I decided to visit my childhood home. I traveled three long hours to get there. When I got there, my childhood home looked nothing like I remembered. The new owners had completely changed the outside and painted it. I was so sad, that I left and never ever returned.
Lina was a great cook. She decided to make dinner for her parents. When they arrived home from work, the dinner was ready. They were unsure at first, but ate every bite. Lina was praised for her hard work.
Tim played Monopoly with his friends. He offered to be the banker for the game. While distributing money, he hid some under the board. During the game, Tim snuck the money into his hand. Because of his deceit he won the game.
Jim didn't check to see if his alarm was set last night. He rushed out of the house after he woke up too late for work. He didn't have time to get coffee like he usually does. His boss yelled at him for being so tired. Now Jim always double checks his alarm.
Todd was on vacation with his family, they had just got to the hotel. Getting into their rooms, Todd went for a stroll around the grounds. Turning a corner, he looked down to see a twenty foot alligator. Screaming, he ran inside and called hotel security. Hotel security arrived and told him that it was a sculpture, not real.
We befriended a family in our Boston condo complex in 1998. Joe was a philosophy grad student with a wife and 2 kids. They moved back to MN in 2000. We took the train to visit them in 2001. We are still in contact with them 18 Years later.
Hannah invited her friends over. They were going to have one more sleepover before the summer ended. They all brought snacks and games. The next morning, they were exhausted. They had stayed up all night.
My daughter turned fifteen years old. She wanted to learn how to drive. I decided to teach her. She crashed the car on the first day. I gave up and enrolled her in driving classes.
Harry wanted to stay a secret club at school. One day his friends found a special room for their club. They practiced all kinds of defensive skills. Their school principal found out about the club. He was very supportive of them practicing these skills.
Mark deposited his paycheck early last week. He went to use his debit card and it was denied for no funds. He called his bank immediately to see what had happened. It was found to be that the teller deposited to another account. They smoothed it out and he got his money put into his account.
Tom was a great college student. He majored in philosophy. He did not know what kind of job he could get. He was worried about providing for his family in the future. He went to law school to secure his future.
Mike and I were watching TV. The show on TV had a bunch of cats on it. Mike's dog saw the cats on TV and began barking. Mike changed the channel. Mike's dog began looking for the cats behind the TV.
Tom wanted to cool down during a hot at the beach. He went swimming but that was not enough. He drank water but he was still thirsty. He bought a hat to shade himself from the sun. He ate chocolate ice cream and felt it cooled him down.
Some friends and I went trekking through the woods. We were searching for a mountain pool. When we finally found it we had to dare each other to get in. The water was freezing cold! I could only get my legs in but it was a fun journey.
Ben was decorating the house for Christmas. He decided to put lights on the roof too. He climbed his ladder and draped them up there. Then he climbed down and surveyed his work. He now had the most festive house on the block!
She was pushed into the water. They put her cell phone to the side. They waited for the perfect chance. People wanted to surprise our lifeguard supervisor. It was the last day of the season.
Sally began a new job at the local sandwich shop. She worked alongside Becky. They would talk all day while making sandwiches. They grew close over time. They eventually became best friends.
My friend threw a party. I wasn't feeling sociable. I stopped by a park on the way to read for awhile. I stayed at the party for about a half hour. I was eager to return home to continue reading.
I looked at a larger apartment the other day. I found a cute 3 bedroom down the street. It is right in my price range too. I hope my husband likes it. I would really like to move in.
Kina wanted to learn to embroider. She read a few how-to guides, then started practicing. At first her stitches were large and sloppy. But she persevered, embroidering often. Soon Kina was very good at embroidering.
Kate wanted to listen to her music while on a road trip. But she couldn't find her headphones. She searched all over the car. Eventually she realized she must have dropped them on a stop. Her headphones were sitting at a parking lot 100 miles behind them.
I walked my dogs with my wife yesterday. It was cold and rainy outside. We walked for about a mile. My dogs got exhausted. When we got home they slept for hours.
Lisa was opening her first restaurant. The idea excited her. She decided to have a party to celebrate. She got all her friends together at her restaurant. The night was a blast.
My parents decided to start planting an organic garden. They now plant the garden every spring from seeds. They make sure to weed to take care of the garden during the summer. They taught their grandchild to garden this year. They have passed on the great skill of gardening to their grandchild.
Susie cooked some nachos. She put them in the oven. Then she forgot about them. It was two hours later. Susie realized she burnt them.
I wanted to fry some Oreos. I didn't have a frying pot. I decided to use a pan. Alas, the pan was not deep enough. My oreos were half-fried and tasted filthy.
Mary was a freelance designer. A company came to her and asked for her help. She thought it would be great for her portfolio. She worked hard for three weeks straight. The client was so pleased with her work!
Tommy heard his dog barking outside. He looked out just in time to see a skunk right next to his dog. Before he could do anything, the skunked sprayed the dog. Tommy and his brother spent the rest of the day washing him. No matter what they did, they couldn't get rid of the skunk smell!
Jared was a little frustrated. He had been working all day with his dog. Jared was trying to get his dog to sit. Finally after many hours he succeeded. He pet his dog and gave her a treat.
John is telling everybody his car got stolen. In reality he wanted to stop and get coffee but couldn't find parking. He ended up circling the block for thirty minutes. Instead of leaving, he parked in a red zone next to a fire hydrant. His car got towed.
Tim was having a party at his house. He invited all of his friends. Tim played music over his huge surround sound system. Soon after, he received a knock on the door. The police told Tim to keep the music down.
My Betsy had been my friend for some time. I got her in high school and ten years later she was still driving. One evening while driving home, Betsy decided to stop. I was stuck in the rain with no car. Betsy will always be my favorite car.
Last night my dog, Pippin, went out just before bedtime. A couple minutes after I let him outside I heard a terrible noise. I rushed to the door and opened it quickly. My poor little dog ran in as fast as he could. I shut the door in the face of a black bear!
The man went to a pay phone. He tried to call collect. He kept getting disconnected. Someone else was waiting for the phone. The man had to give up trying.
Mary was very self conscious. She always was careful of the pictures she took of herself. One day someone got a picture of there spilling a drink. It ended up in social media. Now Mary was embarrassed everywhere she went.
Tom was digging in his backyard. He found some old bones. Tom asked the authorities about it. After much research they realized it was an old indian burial ground. Tom had discovered something very old.
Elijah lived on a fault line in California. One night, the whole house was suddenly shaken by an earthquake. Elijah's whole family woke up. Elijah slept through the entire earthquake. In the morning his family teased him because he slept through it.
My friends took me to a gay club one night. I was having so much fun dancing and drinking. As I walked around, I noticed one familiar face I couldn't make out. I looked closer and realized it was my ex-boyfriend! I was so mortified, I grabbed my friends and ran out of the club.
Bernie Sanders wanted to be president. Bernie Sanders had great ideas. But the people did not believe Bernie's ideas could be pulled off. So the people voted for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Now America is screwed!
Ben felt he wasn't an artistic person. He decided to sign up for painting classes. Ben quickly found out he was a natural. His instructor was shocked at his artistic skills. Ben has started his own painting class for beginners.
Kim hadn't eaten deer with her family at dinner. But she was hungry later, so she grabbed a piece. It was delicious. She was still hungry as she sat on the bed licking her fingers. She crept to the kitchen 2 more times to fill her mouth with deer meat
Mike was trekking in the backcountry in the early spring. Suddenly, he was standing in front of a bear. He resisted his first instinct to run. Instead, he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger. The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way.
Mark was never a good baseball player. He practiced everyday with his dad. No matter how much he tried, he never got better. He went to his Saturday baseball game feeling hopeless. When it was his turn to bat, he knocked it out of the park!
I wanted to make a lot of money as CEO of my company. Unconcerned with stability, I focused on short-term deals. I made losing deals, but hid them in the financial statements. Only after a whistleblower reported me did I confess. I am now serving time in prison.
Sara was 35 and single. She let her family set her up on a blind date. Sara went on the date and had a great time. She and the guy went on more dates and began a relationship. After 6 months Sara found herself accepting a marriage proposal.
Dan's water bill has been about $200 per month. His neighbors pay about $75 per month for water. His water meter runs continuously even when no water is running. He discovers a leak between the meter and his house. The plumbing bill is $800 to fix it, but he will soon save that much.
Tom was out with his friend. The friend met a cute girl. The girl had a fat friend. They all wanted to hang out. Tom hung out with the fat friend to help.
Kelly got home from work and decided to play with her daughter. The two had a tea party together. They drank tea from London and ate tea sandwiches. They also worse cute dresses. When the party was over they had supper.
Sue took her dog outside. The dog went to the bathroom. As soon as she brought her dog in the dog went to the water bowl. While Sue was showering, the dog got back in bed. Then the dog jumped off the bed and peed on the floor.
Alfred invited a few friends over to go fishing. His friends arrived in the early morning. Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing. Bad weather began setting in near the fishing spot. Alfred and his friends had to call off their plans for the day.
An old man walked through a large park in the city. He began to feel tired so he looked for a bench. Nearby was a bench with some young people sitting on it. The old man was too bashful to ask for them to get up. The young noticed his suffering and stood up anyway.
Larry was trying to finish his book report before school. He wasn't done writing when the bus drove up. On the bus he continued working and didn't talk to his friends. With some difficulty he was even writing while walking up to the door. He put down the last period just as he entered the classroom.
One very early morning my family attempted crab fishing. We didn't know how to read tide and wave info. We arrived at 3:30 in the morning. The wind was strong and the waves crashed onto the pier. We decided it was probably best to just go home.
Jake just moved into his new house. He wanted to have friends over and play football on the weekends. So he asked his neighbors if that was ok. One neighbor said yes, and the other one yelled at him and said no! Zach regrets moving to this neighborhood.
He told her he broke the glasses on purpose. She asked him why he had done it. He said it was because the kids made fun of him. She didn't realize it had been happening. She told him from now on to just tell her the truth.
Ivy looked up at the stranger sitting next to her. Ivy introduced herself to the man. The stranger held out his hand and gave his name as Gustav. Gustav's hand enveloped Ivy's small one in a handshake. Ivy and Gustav became friends.
Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie. However, she did not have apples for the pie. Amanda decided to go to the store to purchase some apples. The store did not have any apples. Therefore, Amanda could not bake the apple pie again.
Henry was a great police officer. He always knew everything that was going on in the neighborhood. One day he saw that Mrs Walker was crying. He quickly remembered that she had just lost her husband. Henry bought Mrs Walker some flowers to cheer her up.
Jane's teacher assigned an essay. She knew it was on Thursday. However, she had a party to attend. She forgot to write a her paper. She received a bad grade.
It was a cold winter day. Bob chopped up some firewood. He made himself a big fire in his fireplace. Afterwards he poured himself a cup of coffee. He read next to his fireplace all night long.
Tim got some cash back at the store. He didn't realize one bill was badly torn. He tried to spend it but they wouldn't accept it. Tim took it to a bank to exchange it for a new one. They were more than happy to help.
Tom was in middle school. There was a talent show. Tom could tie a cherry stem in a knot with his tongue. Tom did this for the talent show. Tom did not win but had fun.
I use a cane to walk. My cane had slippery rubber tips and wore down quickly. I researched the Internet and bought heavy duty non skid tips. The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence. I went online and gave the tips positive feedback.
Carly was holding a garage sale. She asked her daughter to run the cash register. Her daughter stayed by the register all day. When they were done, Carly thanked her for helping. She even gave her some cash.
I had a dream last night about my dog. Someone made me sell him. I ran into him a few weeks later. He ran to me and refused to go back to his new owners. I woke up and cuddled him when I realized it was just a dream.
A doctor came in to give her a shot in the back. It made her numb from the waist down. She could no longer feel anything. The contractions were getting stronger. She relaxed, feeling at peace.
Sheri was so excited for her big day. She waited all her life to get married. She had bought the most beautiful dress. She had met the man of her dreams. This was going to be the first day of her new married life.
Sam kept making fun of Billy's new hair-do. He began to cry however, she didn't stop. He punched her out of anger. Sam stumbled to get up from the ground. The school's nurse had to take her to the clinic.
It was a windy, rainy day as Tia ran errands downtown. A sudden gust ripped her umbrella out of her hand! It went sailing off down the street. Luckily, a kind passerby caught the umbrella and returned it to her. Tia thanked the Good Samaritan profusely!
Grace had been talking to Joe online for a few months. They finally set up a first date. She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived. Grace got nervous when Joe still hadn't shown after fifteen minutes. Just as she was feeling foolish Joe walked in sweaty but smiling.
Abby had made a reservation to a local restaurant for her birthday. However, when Abby arrived, she learned they were overbooked. Abby pleaded about her reservation, but with no luck. Abby decided she would eat at another restaurant. Abby was disappointed that she had to find another restaurant.
My doctor said my calcium levels were low. I decided to drink more milk. Eventually, my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal. Alas, now I had gained too much weight from the milk. I decided to use calcium supplements instead of milk.
Yesterday I went on the sky deck. At first I was terrified. Then I got the guts to go on it. When I stepped foot on it I was shocked. It wasn't as scary as I thought.
Roy was graduating high school! He walked up to the stage in his robe. As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium! Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught. His robe ripped off in front of the thousands of students.
Shaun couldn't wait to visit his grandparents. The were flying in from Europe. Being with their grandson for the holidays was important to them. To surprise Shaun his grandparents bought a puppy to give him. When they gave it to him Shaun fell in love with it immediately!
My camp adviser asked if anyone wanted to see the forest. Everyone agreed to travel with him. Since it was 9 o'clock at night, we carried our flashlights. Several animal noises broke out when the class was walking. A large bear scared us when it came off of the bush.
Bob and Joe both had a crush on Patty. At the school dance, they argued over who would dance with her. It go so heated, they went outside and fought. They both had bruises when they came back inside. They stood and watched as Patty danced with Steve.
Joe and Jim were avid hikers. Every year, they took a trip together and braved new terrain. This year, they planned to hike a remote location in Alaska. During the hike, Jim fell and twisted his ankle. Unfazed, Joe helped him up and they finished the hike together.
John decides he would like to get a cup of coffee. He goes to a nearby coffee shop. At the coffee shop he orders a coffee. He drinks it. John is glad he got a cup of coffee.
Latoya and Adam met at a youtube event. They both had a youtube channel of their own. The two of them had great chemistry and started dating. A year later they moved in together and got married. They have been together for 5 years now and have 2 babies together.
Josh was mowing his yard. It had just rained recently. The ground was still a little soft. The lawnmower started to slow down. Josh realized the mower was stuck in the mud.
In 2011 I went swimming. I took my cell phone with me. I went right into the water with the phone. I could not dry it out, even using rice. I ended up getting a new phone and a waterproof case.
Zac was learning how to install light fixtures with his dad. He had to learn the wiring, but was never a handy man. He crossed two wires and suddenly the power shut off! His dad called electrical maintenance men. They fixed the power and installed the fixtures for free!
There was a huge choir performance at my church. My job was to clean the stage. As I was sweeping, I hummed a familiar tune. When everyone heard me, they loved my voice. I was asked to be lead singer in the choir.
Nancy's life began to bring more stress than she was used to. Nancy was so stressed that she began to have trouble sleeping. She couldn't focus without sleep, so she visited the doctor. Her doctor prescribed her with insomnia medication. The medication worked, and Nancy was happy to sleep well again.
Theresa was starving. It was time for lunch! She ate her sandwich and fruit quickly. She ate a brownie for dessert. Theresa was feeling better after eating.
Robyn's favorite singer of all time is Celine Dion. One day, her wife surprised her with tickets to a Celine concert. The night before the concert, she was so excited, she couldn't sleep. They had great seats  and were on their feet much of the concert. Robyn had the time of her life and can't wait to see her again!
Roland decided that he would like to get a job. He applied for a job at the local coffee shop. When he started working there, Roland found it very challenging. However, eventually he enjoyed working. Roland was proud that he got a job.
I drove my car through a bad area of town. At a stoplight a man on the street corner began to cross. He walked up to my window and gestured for me to roll it down. He told me to remain on the smooth tip. I was not sure what he meant so I sped off a moment later.
Peggy walks her dogs every morning before sunrise. Peggy walked past a shed and noticed someone standing in the dark. She continued walking as the man followed her and the dog. Peggy's dog, Joe, started to growl the closer the stalker got to them. Joe snatched away from Peggy and bit the stalker on his leg.
My husband works hard on our farm every day, even when he's sick. Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up. Finally around 2:30am he agreed to go to the Emergency Room. They told him that his appendix had ruptured and he needed surgery. The operation went well and now he's finally resting.
Maria was thrilled to go see her first musical in New York. She sat down in her seat filled with anticipation. A man came on the stage announcing that the main star was sick. Maria's eagerness vanished. And she stood up to leave the theater.
My dog hates his treats. I decided to go buy some new ones. I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty. I decided to buy my dog some salmon from the fish market. He loved it!
Anne liked to bake. She bought a new pie pan for baking pies. She planned on using it a lot this fall. When it was time to test it out, she couldn't find it. Her son had taken it and used it in the sandbox!
Howard went to the store. He needed a gift for his brother. He saw a ipod 50% off. He bought it. His brother loved it.
Tom closed the deal on his new car late one afternoon. He hurried to work, already very late. He walked into his department and began working. He waited for his boss to come reprimand him. He was lucky that day because she didn't even notice.
Aaron has a puppy named Max. He walks Max every day. Max got loose during their walk yesterday. Aaron decided to put up posters. A neighbor saw the poster and returned Max!
My dad is cooking burgers for us during 4th of July. I was excited and couldn't wait because my dad makes the best burgers. The burgers smelled great and my stomach was growling. When the burgers were finished, I knew something was wrong right away. The burgers were burnt and looked tainted.
My brother and I were playing outside near our neighborhood pond. All of a sudden, my yellow lab Sandy came running to us barking. Sandy stood between my brother and I and a water moccasin snake! All three of us retreated to safety to our house and told our father. My father went and relocated the snake away from where we played.
Tom was getting a hamburger. He ordered it with extra cheese. They gave it to him with no cheese. Tom complained about it. They fixed the problem immediately.
Linda is always getting abused by her boyfriend. Her boyfriend does nothing all day but drink and hit her. Linda tells her boyfriend that their time is over. She breaks up with him and leaves. Linda's boyfriend begs for her back but she moves on with her life.
Nelly was having a cookout with her friends. She wanted to make a s'more that would impress everyone. Things were coming along nicely until her marshmallow combusted. She was forced to serve up the burnt marshmallow. To her surprise, her friends loved the treat.
Dubby was an amazing friend, who took me to Harrison. We watched a football game, and it was freezing cold. I couldn't feel my hands, so I went to the bathroom to warm them. I ran hot water on them, turning them bright red. When I came out, he yelled at me for burning my hands.
During class, I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen. I reached down to pick it up for her. She thanked me with a smile. I then asked her if she was free on the weekend. I got her number and we went on a date.
The kids loved playing games. They got a new one called Twister. They twisted their limbs around playing on the board. They laughed and giggled. It was their new favorite game!
Julia did her laundry at the laundromat on Thursday. She had to cart three whole loads there from her apartment. When the first load came out of the dryer, it was still wet. She also seemed to lose several socks. Hopefully, her new washer will arrive, soon.
Kate was playing basketball. As she was playing, she jammed her fingers. She did not want to go to the doctor. The pain got worse and her mom sent her to the ER. Kate had broken two fingers.
Anna wanted to make saltwater taffy. She got a recipe online. Then she went to buy the ingredients. She started to cook the taffy carefully. Soon she was sampling her delicious creations!
Rose loves dogs. Before her birthday her mother asked her what gift does she want. She wished for a dog but on her birthday she received a big box. She was so disappointed but when she opened the box it was dog food. She realized that the dog was at their backyard and waiting for her.
Brook has tried for many Years to be a freelance photographer. However, her photography work does not pay enough. She decides she must find a steady job. Finally she starts a data entry job in an office. Brook is very sad that her photography dream never became real.
Tom decided to try a new casserole recipe. The first time he made it, it came out terrible. He ask his friend who was a cook some advice. He then tried the modified recipe. Tom's new casserole came out great.
Al was at the lake with his friends. They were hanging out when a storm rolled in. The storm was making their boat get blown around. This was making the anchors come loose and Al tried to fix it. Luckily he and his friends managed to stabilize the anchors.
Cindy made valentines for all the kids in her class. But on Valentine's Day she realized she didn't have one for Mark. She felt horrible. The next day she took him some candy to make up for it. That's when she realized he hadn't even noticed!
I planned to bake a cake for dessert. At the store I bought extra flour, eggs and butter. I returned home and mixed the ingredients together. The cake baked in the oven while I mixed the frosting. Once the cake cooled down, I frosted it.
Jessica is on vacation in Hawaii. She loves everything about the island. She tells her parents she wants to stay forever. Her parents tell her she can stay if she likes. Jessica stays in Hawaii for the rest of her life.
Rob was driving home from work late at night. But his car stopped working while in a dangerous part of town. A stranger offered him a ride home. But Rob was too scared to go with the stranger. After waiting hours for a tow truck, he regret declining the ride.
Angela never made accounting mistakes. So when money was missing from her cash register, she panicked. She counted the money again to make sure. She even looked under the counter. But in the end, she had to pay the money out of her own pocket.
As soon as Diana woke up, she started to have stomach cramps. She used the bathroom for several hours. However, she constantly had to go to the bathroom every hour. She became extremely tired and decided to miss school. All she did was slept all day and drunk a lot of water.
John smacked his lips as he finished off the tiny barrel of brandy. He put the empty barrel with the others the St Bernard's' would wear. Later that day he was caught in an avalanche. The rescue dog arrived soon after. John was sad to find the barrel empty.
My dad brought home a pack of cards. He shuffled them very quickly. He passed the cards to me and my brothers. We looked at all the cards in our hands. I folded because my hand was bad.
Maggie locked herself out of her car. She was running very late for an important meeting. Maggie called a locksmith, but they could not come. She broke her window and let herself in. Maggie got to her meeting on time, but with a broken window.
My sister in law never throws things away. She had a heavy 1950 carpet sweeper. It still worked. I tried to sell it on eBay for her but was unsuccessful. She kept it in her closet.
Andy was very wealthy and investing in other businesses. He wanted to make as much money as possible, so this was fine. He was making very good investments so he was happy. One day Andy didn't like the investment he made. He immediately sold the investment and was happy.
Ralph is rushing home from work to be at his daughter's party. He is growing impatient in his car. He is stuck in traffic and begins to get angry. He calls his daughter and tells her he won't make it in time. Ralph is stuck in traffic for the next hour and misses the party.
Kayla had a denim skirt that had holes in it. It was very stylish. She wore it to school and did not think twice. When she got to school, she immediately got in trouble. Kayla was sent home and had to change clothes.
Sam lived in a trailer park. It was in the mid-west. A tornado warning hit the area. Sam evacuated just in time. His entire park was destroyed.
Sam was an adventurer. One day he went to a jungle. He found many interesting things. He stumbled across a wallet. He opened it and took the money he found in it.
A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism. She filled two pots equally with water, and put them on to boil. One she hid with a screen, and the other she watched intently. There was no statistically significant difference in boiling time. She never did realize that she'd missed the point of the saying.
Pam only had two pairs of shoes. John asked her the prom. She didn't have a good pair of shoes to wear. She went shopping but couldn't afford anything. One day she found a pair of shoes on her doorstep.
Wendy wanted to go to England. She wanted to look at her ancestry. So she decided to have a girls trip. But unfortunately her friends got sick. So she had to cancel the trip and could not go.
Lisa wanted to become a grand dancer. She begged her mom to take her to dance lessons. After quite a bit of begging her mom took her for the first time. Lisa loved every moment of it and continued taking dance classes. When Lisa grew up she became an awarded salsa dancer.
Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds. A very young kitten lay on the ground, just a few feet away. Joy picked up the kitten and took her inside. She wrapped the animal in a blanket, and fed her milk. Joy decided to keep the kitten as a family pet.
Polly wasn't very good at telling jokes. The last time she told a joke to a group of people, it ended badly. The joke involved stereotypes of englishmen, irishmen and scotsmen. Unfortunately, there were some very politically correct people there. Her joke fell flat and people thought of her as prejudiced.
I decided one day that I wanted a furry companion. I went to Petsmart and looked for cats. I held a new baby kitten, and eventually left the store without her. The next day I returned to see her alone, clawing the cage to get out. I was so touched, I adopted her and she's almost nine Years old now.
Tom noticed a knife on the counter. He asked his roommate why it was there. The roommate said he made buttered toast. Tom asked why he didn't put the knife in the sink. The roommate said he might want another one.
Jill's cat had been acting strange lately. But she was a cat and sometimes they did that. One day when Jill came home from school she got a huge surprise. She called for her cat but she didn't come. She finally found her in the closet with four tiny kittens.
Greg works on a ranch. He has to tend the horses every day. One horse is particularly unruly. He finally got the horse under control last week. Now his job is much easier.
Sue moved away from home for college. Sue had never lived away from home before. Sue felt very lonely in her new town. When classes started, Sue met an amazing man named Nick. Nick and Sue became close, and Sue was not lonely anymore!
John is only three years old. His mom and dad give him tons of hugs and kisses every day. Yesterday, John's mom told him he is going to be a big brother. He helped his parents pick out new toys for his brother or sister. John is very excited to meet his new brother or sister.
Alice went to the park today. She brought her new puppy, Spot. It was Spot's first time at the park. Alice and Spot played fetch all day. They had a wonderful time.
Dan is a man in love with his girlfriend. He has plans to propose to her. On the evening he is set to purpose. He gets down on one knee and asks his girlfriend to marry him. She tells Dan no and that they should see other people.
Carl had always loved soccer. His mom bought him tickets for his favorite team. He was so excited that he couldn't sleep the night before. When the game started, he fell asleep. He learned that excitement should have its limits.
Blake was playing a game on his computer. He was having trouble beating the game. Blake got frustrated and quit the game. He tried playing again later when he was more relaxed. Blake finally beat the game.
Enid was graduating soon. She was nervous about what to do after graduation. She wanted to go to college. She talked to a counselor about her future. She was not so stressed out about graduating now.
Vicki pulled up to the lake. She was taking her boat out. She put on a life vest and hopped on. She sped across the water. The wind whipped through her hair and she smiled.
There is a reason why my X is my X. He broke my heart more than once. I don't know why but I took him back again and again. Finally, I had enough and threw him out. I hope I did the right thing.
Bernie didn't like to wake up early in the morning. He always put his alarm on snooze and went back to sleep. As he had an important meeting, he bought two other alarms. He set them all at the same time. And when the three alarms sounded together, Bernie woke up right away.
Every Sunday our whole family goes to church. Last week after church we all got in the car and drove home. I started making lunch. I noticed my son was not in the kitchen and asked where he was. I drove back to church and found him waiting for us.
Jack and Jill went up a hill. Each of them carried an axe. They spent all day and half of the night chopping firewood. When they were finished they were too exhausted to carry it all home. The firewood was ruined by the rain in the morning.
Lia borrowed her boyfriend's car to go drinking one night. She had  drank so much the bar tendered sent her home. Lia lost control of the car while speeding around a curve. She broke through a fence, went airborne and crashed into a building. After fleeing the scene, she was arrested at a hospital.
Charlie and Sam took a vacation. They always wanted to see Hawaii so that's where they went. After a long plane ride they landed on the island. They could hardly contain their excitement. They did everything they wanted before their trip was done.
Christina likes her job as a surgeon. One day, she tries a new surgery that she's never done. She accidentally cut an artery she didn't see. She saved the patient swiftly. Now, she sticks to surgeries she's familiar with.
July is the season for peaches. We got two buckets of peaches this year. We made jam from the peaches. We also made peach sauce for ice cream! It was hard work, but all the peaches are gone now.
Jane wanted to ditch school. She went with friends to the mall. Her parents found out about it. Jane tried to deny it at first. They grounded her for two weekends.
Marge hated her thin eyebrows. She went to a doctor who said he could fix them. Under anaesthesia, Marge was given hair plugs to fill her brows. Marge was soon happy with her full, arched brows. But a month later, her brows had grown like bangs.
Bob had to have a package picked up by UPS. He planned ahead and ordered from Amazon earlier in the week. He figured he wouldn't have to pay UPS' pick up fee that way. Bob was worried UPS wouldn't know the package needed to be picked up. He scrawled a note and hung it by the door for the parcel service.
Naomi turned 15 on Thursday. She woke up to a full course breakfast of bacon, eggs, and pancakes. She enjoyed breakfast and got ready to go to the mall with her parents. At the mall, she enjoyed a day of shopping. Naomi had a wonderful birthday.
The ship was silently sailing through the ocean. It hit an iceberg! Water started gushing into the hull. The passengers got in the life boats. They called out an SOS.
Sue wanted to make a cake. She forgot to buy sugar. She tried to find an alternative in her kitchen. She did not have anything. Her cake tasted horrible.
Lana wanted to go to a party on Saturday night. But her parents made her stay home to babysit her little sister Ann! Frustrated, Lana decided to make the best of it . The girls set up blankets in the den and had their own slumber party. Lana had a great time at her private party with Ann!
Jill wanted to join choir. She practiced singing her scales each evening. When audition day came Jill came down with a cold. She drank hot tea with honey all day and didn't talk. When it was time to audition she sounded wonderful and made the choir.
Jeremy was swimming at a lake. He was wading behind his boat. Suddenly, he felt something on his toe. He looked down and saw a fish nipping at his toe. He yelled and swam away quickly.
The official blew the whistle. Everyone started to run across the track. Brad was in the lead for several seconds. Ben was able to catch up until he caught a leg cramp. The medics came onto the track to monitor him.
A party was about to happen. Doug wanted to make a treat. He looked online for a treat. He found a good recipe. He made Chex Mix.
Kim starter a school club. She made it for runners. The runners gathered today. They decided to run a race. Kim won the race.
Brandon had a very luxurious belt. It was even studded with diamonds. One day he lent the belt to his friend. The next day, his friend lost the belt. Now, Brandon has to purchase a new belt.
North Carolina played Notre Dame Sunday night in basketball. Carolinna built a huge lead heading into the half. Notre Dame went on a 12-0 run in the second half and took the lead. Carolina went on a 12-0 run of their own. They seized the momentum and eventually beat Notre Dame 88-74.
Gina was sitting at her desk moping. Her friend Tami wanted to know why she was sad. Gina decided to cover it up. Instead she smiled and pretend she was ready for the day to end. She spent the rest of the day with a fake smile pasted on her face.
Kane was looking for her drink at the party. She saw a cup that looked identical to hers. Ben handed the cup to her. She took a sip, but ended up spitting it out. Nails were in the cup instead of a drink.
A girl walked into a clothing store and saw a shirt she liked. She asked the clerk if they had it in her size. The clerk only found sizes that were too small. The clerk took one shirt in the back and stretched it by hand. She brought it out to the girl and it fit perfectly.
The Allens went to the beach every summer. They always rented the same beach house. This summer was no different. They went to the beach as a big family. They had a great vacation.
Ron liked to go fishing. He bought a new tackle box to hold his supplies. He loaded it up with bobbers and lures. He set out to catch some fish. He loved having everything organized in his new tackle box.
Cade was very mad at his mother. He decided it was best to run away. He gathered up some toys and headed for the door. His mother called from the kitchen and said she had cookies. So Cade decided he would run away tomorrow.
My daughter works for the RMV in MA. She took the T to work. Today she was riding home. An inspector waved at her and thanked her for doing her registration. My niece was touched.
Karen planned her birthday party. She wanted to invite all of her classmates. Karen's mother allowed her to only invite 10 kids. Karen thought about who she wanted most. Karen decided to only invite her best friends.
Neil was on his second day in Paris. He had spent his first day seeing artwork. But now he was hungry! He decided to spend his second day eating! He visited four different restaurants in just one day!
Denise loved to eat red meat. But she noticed she was gaining a lot of weight. She went to see a nutritionist to see if they could figure out why. The nutritionist said that red meat was causing weight gain. Denise no longer eats red meat.
Laura's in-laws had taken her children out of town. Now Laura didn't know what to do with her free time. She had a list of chores to be completed. She also had a book she had not yet had a chance to read. Laura decided she needed a vacation too, settling back with the book.
Joan got mad when Janet stole his gum. He threatened to beat her up if she doesn't apologize. However, she continued to ridicule Joan. He decided to kick her in the mouth. She couldn't breathe for a few seconds and fell on the ground.
Chase had a paper due in the morning. He went to print the paper. His printer was out of ink. Chase went to his friend's house. He printed the paper on his friend's computer.
Julie was baking cookies for her mom. As she was baking, she got a phone call. Julie ran upstairs and forgot about the cookies. When she remembered the cookies, it was too late. They were black and burnt to a crisp.
Jonathan's favorite animal was the horse. Jon picked a school because their mascot was the mustang. Jon did not end up liking his time at the school. Jon decided to more carefully pick a school to transfer to. Jon changed his favorite animal to his new mascot, the tiger.
Tim's apartment smelled bad. He had grown accustomed to it and didn't notice. His friends told him and urged him to do something about it. Tim left the apartment for a good while to see if it helped. When he returned he definitely noticed the smells.
A school choir entered a competition. They had practiced very long, hard hours. They sang for ten minutes for the judges. The judges liked it immensely. The choir won first place.
Tom had a bully at school. He decided to fight back one day. Tom and the bully both got in trouble. They were both suspended. Tom's parents still complimented them.
A young female stopped her car in front of the hospital. Before she went inside the building, she called the valet parker. As soon as he received the keys, he took off with the car. He tried to drive away from the hospital. An hour later, the young lady filed an investigative report.
Nate never left the house. He just like staying inside and sleeping. His friend Jack invited him to a comedy show. Nate laughed harder than he ever had. After that he went to the comedy show every week.
Today I took my son to the zoo. He really liked the monkey exhibit. He has been talking like a monkey all day. I started to think it was funny. Now I can't get him to speak normally and he is still acting silly.
Sully was eating dinner with his friend Billy. They were at the local sushi joint. Sully raved about the quality of the fish. When they got their food, Billy jumped out of his seat. There was a spider on his plate.
Jason had always wanted to be rich and happy. He bought lottery tickets every week for years to try and get rich. After 8 years, Jason won the jackpot with his numbers. Jason won twenty million pounds. Although he was now rich, he didn't feel as happy as he hoped.
Sarah was looking forward to eating her favorite cereal. She went to grab the box and could tell it was empty. She was so upset because her cravings were so strong. She decided to go to the store to buy more. Once she got home she finally enjoyed her chocolate cereal.
Sam went hiking one day. He noticed a red rash on his legs when he got back. It became really itchy. Same figured he walked through poison oak. He put lotion on it and waited for it to get better.
Sam had practiced weaving wool all his life. Sam had been poor because nobody wanted his clothes. When Sam's father died, he inherited his supply of silk. Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk. Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man!
Sam walked into the Haven Sober Living House and rented living space. But when the house moved, he stressed out and started drinking. A few nights ago, he got drunk and fought the house manager. He tried to go to bed after the fight, but he fainted. The paramedics woke him and then the cops arrested him.
Ben's social studies class was spending the day knitting. They were making scarfs to give to the homeless shelter. He thought knitting was for girls. But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people. He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night.
Henry was excited when his drums came through the mail. He decided to set it up in the house. When his friend saw it, he asked if Henry can play it. He managed to hit the snare drum. It produced a harmonious noise.
Ed was learning to play poker. His friends had thrown all their cards in. Wd looked so glum that they felt sure to win. But then Ed threw down his cards: full house! They groaned to see that he had already mastered the poker face.
It was Lucy's first trip to Dylan's Candy Bar in Chicago. The moment Lucy walked into the candy store, she was amazed. The flooring was covered in candy pieces and the room was colorful. Lucy immediately ran upstairs to the chocolate fountain to taste. By the time Lucy had walked out of the store, she had spent $100.
My daughter's best friend in school was the niece of a cop. He was a beat cop in our neighborhood. He was friendly to our family. One day I saw him handle a domestic incident in our building. He did look very friendly then.
The teacher gave each student an individual assignment. I was assigned Adolf Hitler. I did my research, by going to the library and browsing the web. I put together my thesis on the German diplomat. The teacher gave me an A.
Ralph wanted to skydive. He jumped on an opportunity to go. He signed the paperwork. His wife decided to do it, too. They both loved their experience.
Zoe just turned 18. She was determined to do something rebellious. She wanted a tattoo. She went to a tattoo artist and picked out a designed. When she was done, she had no regrets.
Yesterday my wife and I delivered an Easter basket. We gave it to a five year old neighbor down the hall. He loved the toys we put in the basket. His mother was very appreciative. We like this boy and were happy to make his day.
Shaunna was a single woman recently divorced. She wanted to try something new so she signed up for a tango class. Her partner called her and told her that he could not make it. Shaunna was upset and assumed she would have to stay home. Shauna's daughter then offered to go and they had a great time.
Fred wants to lose weight. The only problem is that he's never worked out before. His buddy Jeff is going to go to the gym with him tomorrow. Hopefully Jeff can give him some pointers to get started. Fred is very excited to start his new weight loss journey.
Lucy had entered a cooking competition. Her best dish was a pie she cooked. Lucy went to the store. She bought all the ingredients for the pie. Lucy baked the pie for the competition.
There was a mouse in Bob's house, so he bought a cat. The cat ran away, and Bob soon saw more rats. Bob went on attack with his baseball bat. However, it seemed like the rats multiplied and he couldn't stop them. Bob called an exterminator, and soon they got rid of his rat problem.
The kids were in a technology camp. They learned a lot about the new technologies. They even learned a bit about coding! They took their new skills and practiced at home. They were very interested in computers.
Reid needed to buy his girlfriend a stunning birthday present. He headed to the mall and searched all over. A PS4 was out of the question. Victoria's Secret seemed a little too suggestive. Finally, he opted for a gift certificate to her favorite nail salon.
Suzy sat down for her interview. But all of the sudden she noticed something. She noticed that she spilled coffee on her blouse. Suzy was so embarrassed. Unlucky for her, the stain was the first thing the man noticed.
Dan and his wife and just bought a house. They knew it needed work. They began working hard every day on it. Finally the house was ready. They were so happy.
Marshall was Scottish. He liked to wear a traditional kilt. When he went out in public, some kids pointed and laughed. Marshall started to feel a bit silly. He decided to go back to wearing cargo shorts.
My doctor told me that I was obese and needed to lose weight. I decided to go on a strict diet. I did not allow myself to eat sugar in any form. I ate mainly broccoli, kale and water. Although I lost weight, I felt miserable and angry.
Jake was wearing a bandana while doing yardwork. He put the bandana over his mouth to keep out the dust. He then pretended that he was a bandit in the old west. Jake rode his rake around the yard like it was a horse. He had so much fun he forgot to clean the yard after that.
The man opened his eyes. He did not recognize where he was. He shot up in bed. He was at his girlfriend's place. He laid back down in relief.
Jim had a garden in his backyard. He grew all sorts of things but never could get his tomatoes to grow. One day as he was weeding he came across a caterpillar. Jim looked up the type and found that it ate tomato seeds. With this information he killed them all and could now grow tomatoes.
I was on the road driving home from work. Suddenly, I began to notice weird noises. My car began to stop working, and I pulled over off of the road. I called a tow truck company and they arrived shortly after. I then called my friend, and he gave me a ride back home.
Tamara joined her company's intramural softball league. She met some new friends while playing. They encouraged her to try out different positions on the field. She discovered that she had a knack for pitching. She was overjoyed with the results of her choice to join.
Freddie was the shortest boy in his classroom. One day during recess, a rubber ball hit him in the head. The schoolyard bully decided to pick on him today. Freddie suddenly heard a loud voice. An angry teacher stormed toward the bully.
Liam suffered a stroke two months ago. He was just starting to get feeling back into his limbs. They felt funny to him when the nerves started tingling. This allowed him to get a better grip on things in therapy. He was glad that he had some recovery progress.
They were experiencing a drought. Water was scarce. Suddenly a man from outside comes in. He started giving out water for free. Everyone was happy for the time being/
Bill was small. Other kids made fun of him. Bill lost his confidence. He became the class clown. Everybody in his classes suffered.
Ellie was a photographer. She had scheduled a picture shoot for a couple. The shoot was scheduled for outdoors. It began to rain. Ellie had to reschedule the shoot.
I am having trouble finding steady employment. I had been sent to fight the war in Iraq for almost a year. My job there was to load the ammunition into the artillery. I watched several of my comrades die there. Although I am glad to be home now, I can't make ends meet.
Martha wanted to build a cabin in the woods. She had just purchased an area of land in the wilderness. She bought logs and supplies. Her husband helped her cut and assemble all the parts. After months of building they were able to build a cozy cabin.
Becky really wanted to be a pop star. She signed up for an audition on American Idol. She passed the first round and got to sing for the judges. She sang her heart out and they tore her apart. Becky has decided to try dancing.
Ricky was drinking his favorite cup of black coffee. As he was sipping, his stomach started to hurt. Ricky felt sick with a sharp pain in his abdominal area. Ricky had to take the day off from work. Afterwards, Ricky's doctor told him to ease up on the caffeine.
Clay was going through a bad break up. Clay wondered to himself. Where does he fit in the picture. Does he really fit at all? Clay wondered if he would ever love again.
Sara thought volunteering at the humane society would be rewarding. Her husband joked that they would wind up adopting way too many cats. Sara's husband was right. They now have five cats, although they had agreed to only adopt two. Sara and her husband love the cats, though, and are glad to have them.
Jake and Mary went out on a camping trip in the forest. For their activities,they cooked and sang on a fire. They enjoyed this a lot but suddenly they hear a scream. They contemplated on whether they should leave or not. The scream became even louder and as a result, they decide to leave.
Mark had always wanted to be an astronaut. His mom and dad told him to be realistic, but he never wavered. As an adult, he majored in astrophysics and became a teacher. Mark's parents were pleased with his more-reasonable line of work. And Mark himself was thrilled to talk about space- all day, every day!
Nick was a pizza delivery man. One day, a customer didn't give him a tip for delivering food. Nick got angry and yelled at the customer. Afterwards, the customer called Nick's restaurant to complain. The owner fired Nick for mistreating a customer like that.
The band made a record. It was very popular. The producer gave the band a trophy. The band toured with the trophy. It inspired their next album.
I needed to take my friend Brian to an emergency room. The closest decent emergency room was sixty-five miles away. I printed out a map showing me where to go. I made only one mistake in my driving. So Brian and I arrived at the emergency room in just seventy minutes.
Mark wanted to buy a horse. He didn't know anything about them. He called a farmer and told him what he was looking for. The next day, the farmer dropped an animal off and collected $3000. Mark was too stupid to realize it was a donkey instead.
An huge bug hovering around some red flowers caught Liz's attention. She ran to get her mother. Her mother explained it was not a bug, it was a hummingbird. While it would be very big for a bug, it was tiny for a bird. Liz watched in amazement as it sucked nectar from the flowers.
My friends and I scared my brother today. We went to the costume store to buy scary outfits. When we came home, we put them on and waited. When my brother came home, we jumped out and scared him. He was so mad, he beat us all up.
Nick got some money so he went to Europe. He was interviewed to enter England. They didn't like his answers. He was put into a detention center. Nick is now happy to be home.
Sally bought a new camera. She practiced a lot with it. She tried to get some business. She shot her friend's wedding. She considered herself a photographer now.
I collect old press photos. These were taken by newspaper photographers. They were reproduced for newspapers. I collect mostly photos of Chinatowns. Friends tell me this is an interesting hobby.
Leonardo is arguably the best ever at his job. His managers love him. His direct reports love him. But he is never recognized for his talents. This saddens Leonardo and he quits.
It was Maggie's birthday today. She loved all the presents she usually got. This time for her birthday she got a nice charm bracelet. The bracelet was silver and from Tiffany's. Maggie was as pleased as ever.
Mario sold and repaired vintage and antique clocks. One day a man brought in an old Tag Heuer wristwatch to be repaired. Mario had never repaired wristwatches before, but he gave it a try. It was very similar to repairing clocks! Mario had found a new sideline for his business.
Greg was eating at a restaurant with his friends. He ordered a large entree. Greg couldn't eat all of his food. He offered the rest of his dish to his friends. His friends ate the rest of his food.
As a kid I once watched a movie about a serial killer. That night, I kept hearing strange noises coming from downstairs. I got more and more scared as the night went on. I got up and crept into my brother's room to see if he was awake. The noise was him, practicing new dance moves.
Eddie went fishing. He didn't realize there was a hole in his boat. The boat slowly started to fill with water. Eddie started to head back to shore. The boat reached land right as it started to sink.
My wife had decided to surprise me with a puppy. The puppy quickly grew and became my best friend. As we grew older together the wife left me but I still had my friend. Slowly but surely the puppy turned into a dog. My heart broke when I had to take him to the vet for a final rest.
Rob was playing video games all morning. His mother told him he needed to go outside sometime. The two argued for a bit, with Rob eventually conceding. Rob ended up playing some soccer and exploring the neighborhood. He decided playing outside wasn't so bad after all.
Tommy promised me that he was going to draw a good sketch of me. He took several minutes to write everything out. When he was done with the outline, he showed it to me. It ended up being my face on top of a banana. I ripped the page and threw it away.
The family was on a boat in California. They spotted a whale near the surface. The watched it come out of the water. It was so huge and amazing! They took lots of pictures of the creature.
She had made the dean's list. She was very proud of herself. Finally, she had accomplished something. She rushed home to show her dad. He snorted and said it didn't mean she was intelligent.
Rochelle was always a heavy girl every since she was a small child. She was always happy and said she felt comfortable with her weight. One day her husband said she was too fat and found her unattractive. The next day she left her husband and started to diet and exercise. Six months later Rochelle lost 100 lbs and filed for divorce.
Ava was hiking with her friends one day. Somehow she became separated from them. She was very worried! She tried to stay calm and wait for help. Fortunately, they found her soon.
Lacey has a big speech tomorrow. She has not finished writing it. She also has her best friend's birthday dinner to go to. Lacey had to explain to her friend her speech was her entire grade. Lacey hate to make sacrifices like that.
Travis grew up in a fishing village. The village was running low on fish. Travis set out to find the biggest catch of fish. After three days at sea, Travis had a huge catch. Travis returned to the village as a hero.
Tom was taking a test. There was a question he wasn't sure about. He looked for context clues in the test. He noticed another question referenced it. He was able to answer it right.
Tom wanted to learn to cook. Tom watched Gordon Ramsay cook for hours. He tried to mimic his movements and actions. Tom wasn't as good as Gordon at cooking. Tom ended up burning all of his food.
Dan loved to run, but he also loved to jump. During college, Dan's running coach recommended being a Hurdler. Dan decided to try out jumping hurdles. Dan loved jumping hurdles so much! Dan was glad his coach recommended jumping hurdles for him.
Tom had planned a picnic for over a week. The weather was supposed to be bright and shiny. Unfortunately on the day off the picnic a storm rolled in. Tom had to cancel all his plans. It wasn't until months later that he was able to go.
Tom noticed he started receiving the news paper. He didn't remember ordering it and thought it was a promotion. One day his neighbor asked him if he had seen his newspapers. Tom realized he had been receiving them by mistake. He apologized and let the paperboy know.
Doug has always wanted to be married. However, he has been too shy to meet a woman. Finally Doug decides to ask out a nice girl from his yoga class. Their first date is the beginning of a long romance. Doug has finally found the woman he wants to marry.
Charles was twenty one years old when he started community college. He went into their career center to look for work. He saw and thirty-something year old woman looking at their job leads. Charles hoped he wouldn't turn out like that. Fifteen years later he was still using that jr college career center.
Dennis is doing online dating. He's very frustrated with the women he's meeting. He meets a woman named Hannah. She's beautiful and smart. Dennis is saddened because she's not into him.
Ana and her family were looking at adopting a pet. They went to the local animal shelter to look around. A furry black cat caught their eye. They decided to get the cat. Ana and her family went home with their new cat.
Chris was preparing to buy a new cell phone. His old phone was a flip phone. He really liked the flip phone. He browsed many smart phones. He decided to get another flip phone.
Gina had one of her new Lisa Frank pencils on her desk. A boy named Dave ran over and snatched it. The pencil was brand new. And the boy threatened to sharpen it to annoy Gina. Gina pretended not to care, and he gave the pencil back.
Bosh was a taxi driver. Bosch longed for a better life. He recently enrolled in a ESL class. His English skills showed a steady improvement. Bosh will now be attending a university in the fall.
My daughter's college roommate Sara has a rich father. She lives in CA, while my daughter is in NYC. Her father wanted to surprise Sara on her 30th birthday. She paid for my daughter and friends to fly from NYC to CA. Sara was very pleased.
Josh loves to run and decided to run a marathon. To prepare Josh began running longer distances every day. Josh also ate very healthy foods and drank lots of water every day. The day of the race arrived and Josh was nervous, but felt prepared. Because Josh had practiced and prepared his body well he did great!
Jack was working on Mturks. He was working since 11 am. Since then, he has been working on and off all day. He made $100 in 12 hours. He was happy.
Lucy got a new puppy yesterday. Unfortunately for her, she lost it today. She looked everywhere for it. Finally she found the puppy in the neighbor's yard. When Lucy found it she was relieved.
Kate was a great cook. She always loved to try new recipes. This time she decided to make lasagna. However, she forgot to buy the right noodles. Her lasagna turned into a big mess.
I went to the park the other day. I saw my friend playing basketball. He wanted me to play with him. We played a game of twenty one. I narrowly beat him then went home.
Christmas was almost here. Susan wrote a letter to Santa. Susan left cookies and milk out. Santa came while Susan was sleeping. Susan woke up to many presents.
Larry took his dog to the dog park. He was normally a friendly dog. All of a sudden he started barking aggressively. It was at a cat that had wandered near. Larry found out his dog hated cats.
The archaeologist was setting up a dig in Egypt. He and his team hoped to find artifacts from ancient times. They began the process by clearing away all the sand. It wasn't long before they found some bowls and plates that were old. The dig was an immediate success for the team!
Fany was walking home from school. She noticed a shiny object on the ground. She immediately ran after it. It turned out to be a golden pendant. Rachel hired an expert to evaluate the pendant's value.
James went to Las Vegas for vacation. He decided to play blackjack. He was having a very lucky streak! He put all of his money on one hand. He lost everything.
Tim wanted to go to school at the University of Louisville. He wanted to be closer to his hometown. He was able to get a scholarship. He was a basketball manager. It covered everything besides out of state.
Caleb and Henry wanted to see a movie. They snuck into the theater. The usher saw the boys sneaking in. He asked to see their tickets. The boys were kicked out of the theater.
Nathan lived next door to a rich family. The family owned exotic pets, including a peacock. One day, Nathan forgot to close his door. Somehow, the peacock found it's way into his house. Nathan had to use a broom to get the bird to leave.
Nikko had wanted a cat for a long time. His girlfriend gave him one for his birthday. The cat was crazy. It chased him around the house biting him. After a few weeks the cat finally chilled out and loves Nikko.
Marge was at the home improvement store. She was trying to choose a paint color for her house. She couldn't decide between yellow and blue. She thought about what her couch would match. She decided to go with the blue.
Kelly was excited to go to the beach with her family. Her family had not been to the beach in a very long time. When Kelly arrived at the beach, she was shocked at how nice it was. Immediately Kelly and her family ran into the water. The water felt amazing and Kelly knew she made the right choice.
I have a wonderful garden full of flowers. I thought, "today I will pick some to give away." I gathered the flowers neatly into bunches. I visited some of my neighbors to give them flowers. It was nice to see how happy they were with the bouquets.
The kid was spraying his driveway. His hose would barely reach to spray the water on it. Once his driveway was clean, he moved on to the sidewalk. He washed all the grass and dirt away. He liked having a tidy house.
Tina drove her car to work. She listened to the radio as she drove. Suddenly, she heard a radio report of an auto accident. The accident was one mile ahead of where she was. Tina wisely decided to go work on a different road.
Today my professor didn't show up to class. He didn't tell us beforehand. My classmates and I were unsure about what to do. We all waited in the classroom for a long time. Eventually we all got tired of waiting and left.
Molly went to a Strawberry patch. She picked the biggest strawberries that she could find. The strawberries were very ripe and sweet. Molly went home and started making jam. They made the jam absolutely delicious.
Tom wanted to attract more attention to himself. He wore lavish costumes. He decided he wanted to die his hair as well. He died his hair orange. He happily noticed people looked at him more after dying his hair.
I was grilling yesterday and there was a fly bothering me. I was trying to get the fly and forgot about the food. All of the meat on the grill burnt. I had to give all of the burnt meat to the dogs. My dogs love when the flies bother me when I grill.
Dan was recently taking nature pictures in his backyard. While taking a picture of a tree, his daughter ran across the yard. Dan wanted just the tree in the picture so he tried again. While looking through the pictures, Dan saw something funny. Dan noticed his daughter had photo bombed the second tree photo.
Billy received a call from his friends last Thursday. They wanted to go to Indianapolis for the weekend. It took him five seconds to decide to go. As he packed his bags he thought about how amazing the weekend will be. Before he knew it, they had arrived.
Portia loved dogs so much. Her dad always told her when she turned fifteen she could get one. Today was the day she could pick out a puppy. Her father took her to the pet store to get her birthday gift. Portia picked out a Pomeranian, finally getting her birthday wish.
Tim has crows pester his home. The crows constantly bother Tim by eating at his garden. But Tim was a nice man and decided to feed the birds himself. Tim decided to feed the crows breadcrumbs every other evening. Eventually the crows began obeying Tim and stopped ruining his garden.
Kara was accused of murdering her husband's lover. The police were pretty sure she'd done it with hemlock. Kara had made the woman tea, and laughed when she died. At least, that's what they said. Kara denied it, and looked for a good lawyer.
It was Amelia and her family's last day on vacation in Disney. Amelia's parents had one last surprise for Amelia. After waiting in line for just a short while, it was Amelia's turn. Amelia's face lit up when she went through the doorway and saw them. It was Mickey and Minnie, smiling and reaching out to her!
I've been trying to get pregnant for three years now. Today, the doctor finally called me with the good news. Ecstatic, I called my husband to let him know. As soon as I hung up, my doctor called me again. There was a clerical error and I'm not pregnant after all.
Tom was an office worker. Tom noticed he had a larger waist than when he was a younger man. He noticed he had to use the last notch on his belt. He took that as a wake up call to lose weight. Tom lost all the weight and felt better than ever.
I found out I was three months pregnant at the doctor. I was shocked, but happy for my baby. A month later, I got an ultrasound. They told me the baby had no heartbeat and that he died. I was devastated and got D&C surgery the next day.
Trevor tried to escape the internment camp. He ducked underneath the fence. He crouched slowly toward the tall reeds. The guard looked around and noticed footprints in the mud. Trevor took off running and was free.
Kimmy lost her FitBit. She was so distraught! Then her mom texted her at school. She'd found Kimmy's FitBit under the couch! Kimmy was elated!
Dave was driving home on a busy highway. He was just putting along, until he saw the car in front of him brake. They braked suddenly and he was not prepared. He violently swerved, and came within inches of a near car. Thankfully, his car came to a halt as he slid into a ditch, uninjured.
I spoke to my neighbor Louise yesterday, waiting for a bus. Harry, another neighbor, came by. Harry is pompous and I did not want to talk to him. Louise talked to him until the bus came. I was very grateful to Louise.
Cody signed up to join the army. He had to go through a physical. Cody had a bad knee. Cody wasn't able to pass the physical. He wasn't able to be in the army.
I listened to Miley Cyrus singing Jolene yesterday. I was impressed. I am not a pop or country music fan, but I liked this. I later found out the song was Dolly Parton's. I was a bit disappointed.
Jeff is carrying is walking across the street. A car comes and hits him. He goes soaring through the air. Jeff lands on his feet. Jeff is uninjured and finishes walking across the street.
Aundrea was a tutor. She loved helping children improve their learning skills. She met a boy who struggled with math. They worked hard on his multiplication and division. His math grades improved dramatically.
Lilly had a cup of grain to feed to the animals at the petting zoo. The sheep were very polite about getting fed. The goats, however, were quite rude. One of them stole her cup of grain. He didn't even share it with the other goats!
Barbecue is famous at Dave's house. Everyone comes over once a month. They grill up lots of meat. This time they messed up and undercooked the meat. Everyone ended up getting sick.
John wanted to join the wrestling team but was very nervous to. He was shorter and about fifty pounds less than everyone else. The coach told him that there are different weight classes. John joined in the lightweight division and worked hard at it. He ended up winning a light weight division trophy for the school.
Barry woke up at about 5am He was a little later than normal waking up so he was late to work This made the rest of his work day a little frustrating He got in several arguments with his boss He left work, and immediately took a nap at home
Lewis loved to eat cucumbers. He ate three every day. One day, he ran out of cucumbers. Lewis had to run into the store and buy more. Finally, Lewis was able to eat more cucumbers.
Hannah was a great student. She got a full scholarship to college. She was so proud! Her parents were grateful that they wouldn't have to pay for tuition. The rewarded her with a new car.
Reggie had a very hard time in the military. He had been put on many different medications but nothing worked. He couldn't stand it anymore and decided to do something about it. He took over the lethal limit of a drug called Zyprexa. He didn't remember anything for three days and woke up in the hospital.
Matthew was happy to leave town. As he saw city limits sign and yelled in triumph. He was on his way to his new home and wouldn't stop until arriving. He continued down the road until he approached an intersection. Matthew waved one final goodbye as he got onto the toll road.
Jill was combing her hair. But she didn't like how it looked. She was late for school and ran to the bus. And on the bus she couldn't stop looking at herself in the mirror. The whole school day, she worried what others thought of her.
Jane got flowers from her boyfriend. She showed them off prominently. After a while they wilted and started dying. Jane kept showing them off until someone complained. She knew it was past time to throw them out.
On the first day of school, I saw the cutest guy. He was new at our school. I gave him my number. He called me later that night. I now have a date this weekend.
Tom was playing basketball with his friends and there was an audience. Tom felt his expensive watch interfering with his play. Tom took his watch off and set it under the hoop. Someone stole Tom's watch. Tom never wore a watch again.
Kay was a toddler who loved to talk. She asked her mother questions all day long. One day her mother wanted some peace and quiet. Her mother dialed her own mother and gave the phone to Kay. Kay enjoyed an hour chatting with her grandma.
Lola wanted to give her friends scented lotions for Christmas. But she couldn't afford the expensive store prices! Then her mom helped her find a solution. They used a big bottle of plain lotion and added perfume. The lotions came out smelling great and costing very little!
He walked up to the girl at the counter. She was preoccupied with checking people out. She got to his things and said hello. He asked her what color her hair was. She told him it was purple and black ombre.
Greg wanted to get in shape. He started doing dozens of crunches every day. Soon, his abs looked great. Greg was proud of his new body. He showed them off at the pool that day.
Melissa has had a rough life. She didn't have a healthy way dealing with problems so she did drugs. By the time she was 21 years old she was very addicted to many drugs. Her family and friends became concerned and begged her to get help. Melissa is now checked into rehab to help with her drug addiction.
Dana was a thrill seeker. A friend invited her skydiving. She was excited by the offer. The experience was amazing. Dana already booked her second dive.
Milton is getting so hungry. He has been working on power lines all day. He decides to head to Burger King. He orders 2 Whopper sandwiches. Milton felt refreshed and went back to work.
Kathy was at a casino. And she decided to use the slot machines. She told herself that she wouldn't spend much money. But she kept thinking that she was close to winning the jackpot. Kathy regret it when she lost over 2000 dollars.
Steven needed a new mousepad. All the ones in the store were too boring. He couldn't even find one he liked online. Steven decided he'd get a custom printed one. He finally had a mousepad that was exactly what he wanted.
Tamara was hard at work in her yard. She was planting a garden. She had carefully selected her plants. Once they were planted, Tamara watered them regularly. Once they were ripe, she picked the vegetables.
My Dad loves chocolate chip cookies. My Mom doesn't like to make cookies because they take too long. I decided I would learn how to make them. I made my first batch the other day. My Dad was very surprised and quite happy!
A woman had a fear of heights. She didn't want to go on the rollercoaster. He friends somehow convinced her to go. She went on the ride. She came off of it really happy!
During the war, the air force disguised a blimp as a cloud. The blimp pilot flew over the enemy base to spy on them. The enemy realized the obvious blimp and began to shoot. The blimp pilot drifted away as fast as he could. The enemy shot down the blimp before it left their airspace.
My family and I went almost completely digital. We don't mess with papers that much. However there was an instance that I needed paper. I looked everywhere and couldn't find any. I had to drive to the store to get paper.
Sam was an avid sock collector. Sam had over 200 pairs of socks. He brought his socks everywhere he went in a suitcase. One year he took a trip to London where he forgot his suitcase! All of his time spent collecting socks had been wasted!
Lucy was on the phone with her friend Amy. Amy was at a party for another friend. Lucy wanted to feel included. But being on the phone was worse than not being there. Lucy got off the phone with Amy, and sat alone in her room.
Cheryl walked into the coffee shop with a frown. She demanded a large coffee from the barista and snapped her fingers. After a minute, she asked the barista what was taking so long. When her coffee was ready, she grabbed it and rushed out the door. The coffee patrons grumbled with disapproval.
Mary woke up with a bad headache. She took a headache pill and drank a glass of water. Mary's medicine always make her feel sleepy. She lied down on the couch and took a nap. When she woke up, she felt much better.
We live in Cambridge, MA. The city passed a law banning plastic bags. My wife went to the supermarket after work. The store made her buy cloth shopping bags. Now she keeps several bags in the car.
Marvin loved to study astronomy. His dad got him a telescope for his birthday. He looked at the stars every night. One day he discovered a comet. He named it after his Dad.
Cathy and her boyfriend were on holiday in Jamaica. They became involved in a weird bet with Carlos. Carlos loved to gamble. He bets Cathy she can't hold her hand over a candle for a minute. Cathy's now vacationing in a burn ward.
The kids were watching tv. They grabbed the remote to change the channel. It wouldn't work! They tried everything, but the buttons didn't do anything. THey had to get up and walk across the room to change the channel!
Nadia was thinking about getting a new car. Her current car was in really bad shape. One day Nadia broke down and had to get a tow back home. Nadia decided to visit a dealership. She was so happy when she bought her new car.
Tom was filling up balloons for a party. He was in the middle of inflating one when a friend snuck up. The friend had a full balloon and a needle. He popped it right by Tom's ear. Tom screamed and jumped.
Diane was trying to get into her apartment. For some reason the key seemed jammed. She wiggled the key around angrily. Suddenly she heard a snap and the key broke in half. She had to call a professional out to deal with it.
My wife hates her job. She is a teacher to sixth graders and she always gets headaches. She complains that they are way to loud and don't listen. She asked the principal if she could teach at the high school level. The principal allowed her to switch to the junior year, she's happy.
Trevor loved school. Science class was his favorite. They were beginning to learn about chemistry. Trevor wanted to learn everything he could. He took careful notes every day when the teacher spoke.
David saw an unattended car parked on his street. The car had been there for two weeks. David called the authorities to report a suspicious vehicle. The police investigated the vehicle. The car had been stolen and abandoned.
My mother had bought me a pair of new shoes. As I put them on my feet, my dog came over to lick them. I thought that my dog's feet might be cold. I took my shoes off and put them on my dog. Now I need another pair of new shoes.
Belinda found a small abandoned kitten in the bushes. The kitten was white with blue eyes. Belinda's mom thought she looked like an angel. Belinda was allowed to keep the kitten. She named her Angel.
Sarah owned a small business. She wasn't able to make payroll. She didn't know what she was going to do. Suddenly a large sale came through. Her payroll woes were solved!
Alfie went to school at an all boys academy. He didn't know many girls. Alfie wanted to have a date for the school's social. He asked his friend Joe if he knew any girls. Joe gave Alfie his cousin's phone number.
Joey decides he would like to learn how to dance. He looks up local dance schools. Joey drives to a dance school in town. He learns all the latest moves. Now Joey is a terrific dancer.
Tyler is getting married in one week. He is both nervous and excited at the same time. He spent way too much money on the wedding and is now in debt. He's happy that he will get a lot of money from his guest though. He will use most of it to pay off credit cards.
Dale's dog was a tangled mess. He took it to the groomer. They cut its hair and gave it a bath. The dog looked so much better! Dale took him home to snuggle him.
My friend Teresa got her MBA in October. She had been going to night school for three Year's. Teresa did not tell anyone at work about her schooling. She did not want people to gossip. When she got her degree I bought her a mug with "MBA" on it.
Today I climbed a tree. I grabbed the lowest branch. I tried to pull myself up. I had a lot of trouble getting up in the tree. I made it onto the first branch.
Tom hated his job. It was too stressful. He wanted to quit. But he thought he had no guts to do so. Finally he stood up and quit.
Jess went to a garage sale. She bought a bunch of CD's. Jess told her sister about what she bought. Her sister was jealous. Jess's sister joined her on the next garage sale.
Bob visited the Cheyenne Frontier Days carnival. He rode the rides and saw the rodeo. He wanted to buy a piece of memorabilia. He decided to purchase a cowboy hat. All of the hats at the shop were too small for his head.
Petra was preparing dinner. She was cutting vegetables while talking to her husband. Because she wasn't paying attention, she cut herself in her finger. The cut was pretty deep and she had to go to the emergency room. She had to get stitches and both decided to skip dinner that night.
Bill ordered food from a taco place. When he got home, he placed his drink in the freezer. It stayed in the fridge overnight while Bill was asleep. When he woke up, he searched for his drink. It remained frozen in the freezer.
Lucy bought some frozen food. On a way home she met a friend. They talked for a long time. Lucy's food melted. She ran home to put it into the freezer.
Angie got married last year. Her new husband seems like a nice guy. They have a date night every week. She says that they're very happy together. She hopes their marriage will last.
I was teaching my sister how to play chess. When we got to endgame tactics, she lost interest. So we played a game of Yahtzee instead. I won the first game and the next two. After that, I lost interest.
Sam was buying groceries. He got everything on the list. He decided to get a few extras as well. Sam paid and drove home to his family. They were happy to see him home and started cooking.
My cousin bought a house that had a barn that was full of mice. She found an adoption service that places families of feral cats. A few weeks later, a cat family was released in her barn. The cat family keeps to itself and doesn't make a mess. There are no longer any mice in the barn.
Linda had been a flight attendant all her adult life. She was used to turbulence and acted properly for someone like her. One day however she felt turbulence that was stronger than usual. She buckled her seatbelt and expected the pilot to announce disaster. When nothing happened she realized that she had not seen it all.
Ryan rented a hotel to stay. He needed a place while he was traveling for his job. The hotel was infested with bugs He was disgusted but had to stay the night. He wrote an angry review on yelp after
Iris hired a babysitter for her daughter. She planned on going on a date with her husband. Iris waited for the sitter to show. Ultimately the sitter never showed up. As a result Iris had to stay home.
I took a new job as a writer for a blog a while ago. It is much more difficult than I thought it would be. I often have to listen to new music to gain inspiration. Even then, it is still hard to come up with stories. However, it is worth the difficulty when I write something good.
Shawn raised fish for fun. He used to have a whole bunch of little ones. Now he had just one big one. Shawn's now-primary fish had eaten all the competition. Shawn was sad, but grew to love the growing carnivore.
Robert loved to host Dungeons and Dragons games. But he had a hard time finding a good group of gamers. When he got a fun group together he had a habit of killing them off. He decided the this time he would be more gentle with his players. His latest group dissolved soon after due to the lack of a challenge.
Nancy was a cigarette smoker. Her best friend smoked as well. As they got older, Nancy's friend got cancer. Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call. Nancy quit smoking after her friend died.
Shannon made twenty different slow cooker meals. Then she froze each batch for later. Shannon had company over the next weekend. She thawed a freezer meal. Her guests loved eating it for dinner!
A man in a bird suit came into a hardware store one morning. The clerk did not mention or draw attention to it. The man brought a large bag of bird seed to the counter to buy. The clerk was not sure if this was a joke or no so he kept quiet. The man paid for the seed and flapped his arms as he left.
Ginger lived in Honolulu. She wanted to go to the Mainland for college. Her parents wanted her to stay on the island. Ginger was accepted to UCLA. She decided to go to college in California.
Stanley's mom told him to watch the pot with boiling rice. He agreed to do it and stood in the living room to wait. However, his favorite show was on and he got distracted. When the show was over, he quickly remembered the pot. As soon as he saw the pot, it was overflowing with rice.
Mike loved teddy bears. His mom bought him a new one during her trip to the store. He ripped the nose one day running down the stairs. His mom replaced it with a big blue button. Mike was happy and named him Blue.
Ryan decides he would like to contact an old friend. He writes his friend a long letter. He sends his friend the letter in the mail. His friend receives it later that week. Ryan is happy he contacted his friend.
Bob was a cocaine addict. He lost his job because of his addiction. He decided to change his life. He decided to enroll in a community program for addicts. After many months, Bob was no longer addicted and he got a job!
Lucas looked into his mother's eyes. He asked if she remembered him. She said yes he was Lim, his brother. Lucas sighed and left the nursing home. He thought about the effects of Alzheimer's.
Mary always beats Peter at checkers. Peter gets so frustrated that he tries to cheat sometimes. Mary always catches him and gets mad. Mary says that if Peter tries to cheat again she'll stop playing him. Peter decides to never cheat against Mary again.
Brian wanted to play golf. He called his friends but they were all busy. Then he thought of another person he could call. Brian asked his brother, who eagerly agreed. The two brothers spent a happy day at the golf course!
Eden was a 18 year old girl who just bought her first home. She loved the house because it had a garden in the backyard. Eden was going to ask her grandma to teach her the art of gardening. Her grandma agreed and came over daily to help her. Eden appreciated the extra time with her grandma.
Lance worked at the carnival. His job was to set up and run the carnival rides. Lance's job with the carnival required constant travel. He got tired of his job and the constant moving. Lance decided to settle down and get a job as a bartender.
A man wanted to build a pool with a very deep, deep end. He rented some heavy digging tools to make his pool. The man dug for hours until it was deep enough. He lined the pool and filled it with water. The pool was so deep he couldn't see the bottom.
I was angry when a lot of my friends died from AIDS. I didn't know who to blame for their deaths. I filed petitions to vote certain politicians out of office. Those actions didn't bring my friends back. I forgive my friend's murderers.
Sam was looking for his glasses. He couldn't see well without them. After a while he took a break and sat down. Same heard a crunching sound and felt something on his butt. He had sat on and broken his glasses.
Stan stole all of his co-worker's pens. He replaced all the black inks with red ink. Stan put back all the pens and waited. The co-worker was very angry when he discovered this prank. Stan did not take credit because of how angry the co-worker was.
There once was a man from peru He dreamed he was eating his sandals He woke up in the middle of the night He then found out he was trying to eat his shoes in his sleep The man never went to bed hungry again
I was walking towards my class. Since it was raining outside, I hid inside a building. The rainy shower continued several minutes later. Since I was already five minutes late, I ran to my class. My belongings were soaked in water on the day.
Kathryn could not wait to go to the dance. The only thing missing was she needed a new dress. However, Kathryn's family could not afford to buy her a new dress. Her mom did have enough to buy fabric. Kathryn's mom made her a beautiful dress for the dance.
Gio was hunting in the woods. He was seeking deer. He did not hear anything as wolves snuck up behind him. But soon he was surrounded! He had to scale a tree until they left.
Amy was packing for a vacation. She went over her list twice. She wanted to be sure she didn't forget anything! But when she arrived, she saw she'd forgotten all her makeup! Amy had to go to a drugstore and buy all new makeup.
My friend Jim went to child custody trial on Monday. His ex son in law was suing his daughter for custody of their son. There were fifteen witnesses for the plaintiff. The judge recused himself because his son is the plaintiff's friend. Jim said everyone was extremely frustrated.
Gina was afraid of her Grandma's big dogs. The big dogs were barking and jumping at her. Her grandma wouldn't let her come inside until she fed them. She stood with her hand on the gate watching them jump. She gathered her courage, and pushed open the gate.
Miranda was nervous because today was her first soccer game. She got on the field and stood at the goal. The game started and it began to be a close game. At the end of the game, Miranda's team won. Miranda and her team screamed with joy.
John gotta new car. He made fun of his friend's old cars. While he was driving, a wheel came off. His friends helped put it back on. John then apologized for being mean.
Clara had wanted a puppy all her life. Her birthday came around and she finally was going to pick one. When she saw the little, one little boy seemed extra happy. She scratched his head, looked in his eyes, and picked him to be hers. Clara finally took her puppy home and was super happy.
Jennifer decided to buy tickets for the Olympics. She went with her friends. They watched and rooted for their country. Their country won! They were very happy.
Beth was a high school teacher. Her students would be very loud. One day she could not take it anymore. She accidentally screamed at them. The class was never loud again.
I threw a ball at my friend who stood with a bat. He swung hard as it came near him. The ball went over my head and landed on the roof. We threw a stick at it to knock it off. The ball rolled off and on to the ground.
Tom wanted to live comfortably. He felt like his home was missing something. He decided he needed more pillows. He went to the bedding store. He bought new pillows.
Ada watched a red robin land on her lawn. It hopped around happily. Then it bent its head and skewered a worm! It swallowed the worm hungrily. Ada was a little taken aback by nature's violence!
Kara lived in Kansas, where tornadoes were common. Kara had never seen one. Then one day a warning was issued. Her mom and dad hurried her into the shelter. There, hidden safely, they waited out the danger.
Dan was watching music videos on one of his monitors. When his mouse froze, he couldn't control the playback. Dan used another system to look up the application's hotkeys. He found a cheat sheet for selecting tracks and volume. Dan was able to continue viewing his videos without a mouse.
Alice's electric nail file stopped working in the middle of a service. There was not a store where she lived to buy a new nail file. She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one. When she got home the new file didn't work so she had to go back. The store gave her a 20% discount but the gas cost more!
My roommate and I are friends with an older woman named Olga. She is kind albeit a bit controlling and we help her sometimes. One day her daughter came to visit from another country. With her daughter around, Olga became something of a monster. When she left everything went back to normal but my views were changed.
Derek loves to collect playing cards. He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards. He purchases them and restores them. Sometimes he sells them. Derek makes quite a bit of money with his hobby.
Jim went fishing in a boat. Jim caught a catfish. He dropped the catfish trying to remove the hook. The the catfish's spine went into Joe's foot. Joe had to get a tetanus shot.
Jane had to take a very important spelling test. She stayed up late the night before studying the words. When she sat down in class, she was very nervous. Jane did her very best. The next day, she found out she got an A+.
Tim was dating a girl who was easily scared. He decided to have a horror movie night. She reluctantly agreed. Tim's girlfriend was scared and stayed close to him. Tim's plan worked perfectly.
One winter, Kelly went to the UP in Michigan with her church. At the camp, there was an activity called the polar plunge. Kelly was nervous to try it because the water would be freezing! However, Kelly's friends talked her into it, and they did it together. Kelly got a cold afterwards, but the polar plunge was worth it!
Lemmy played the heaviest, loudest rock music on the planet. His fellow musicians worshiped the very chords he pounded on. They showered Lemmy with compliments and asked his major influences. He was happy to tell them, and without a hint of irony. Lemmy said his biggest influences were Elvis and Little Richard.
Emma had very long hair. She pulled it into a ponytail each day. One night, she got tired of the long ponytail hitting her in the neck. She chopped it off! Emma stared at the pony tail and regretted what she'd done.
Alexandria liked insects more than other people. She even liked the ones that most people didn't like at all. She would see people using poisons or stomping on ant hills. This made her feel sad. From then on, she always helped them out and fed them.
Mel had a big list of Christmas presents to buy. She set off for the mall and began to shop. The mall was so busy, she had to push and squeeze! It took her five hours to shop. But when she left, she had every item on her list!
Tom was in the market for a new car. He browsed craigslist for hours everyday. He found several good deals. He called each person to set up a meeting. He visited each seller and purchased the car he liked most.
While driving to work the other day four cars zoomed by. Next thing I know a state trooper pulled them all over. He was yelling for all four cars to move over. I had never seen four pulled over at the same time. Now I know that just because you are in a group you are safe.
Vinny was not what you would call a great dancer. However, his wedding was coming up and he needed to learn. He found an instructor and began taking classes. After many hours of work he slowly became better and better. Vinny danced great at his wedding.
Cheryl fried all her food from chicken to fruits. When her doctor told her to stop, she tried to steam everything. The texture was soggy and soft. But after a few months she got used to it. And she threw her frying pan away for good.
Ethan was entered in a bike race. He had bought a brand new bike for the race. He practiced everyday on his street in his neighborhood. The day of the race he was very nervous. He crashed his bike in the first 100 feet of the race.
I was on my way to pick up my fiance from work. A pizza hut driver was very impatient. He didn't want to wait for traffic to pull out. He pulled out without looking. He totaled my car and sent me to the hospital.
Jean searched the sales ads for a new coffee maker. She saw a Keurig was on sale at the local store. She got in the car and drove to the store. She bought a new Keurig and some K-Cups. She came home, and made herself a single cup of coffee.
Kia was ready to come out as a lesbian. She was just afraid that her classmates would mock her. But when she admitted her sexuality, she got a shock. Everyone was very accepting and kind! Kia was relieved and happy.
Tom wanted to do a charitable act. He decided to buy a caged bird. He took the bird to the forest. He set the bird free. He felt great about his charitable act.
Roy was very nervous to give his presentation to the class. He practiced giving the presentation to his parents. The day arrived when he had to speak in front of everyone. Roy's practice allowed him to give a good presentation. The teacher gave Roy an A for doing such a good job.
I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 2007. She is a yoga teacher. I sent her a registered letter from a yoga institute. The institute offered her $500 to teach a one day class. She was very excited until she found out it was a trick.
William lived in Montana on his family's ranch. One day, wolves attacked his precious livestock. He vowed to kill all the wolves. William ran into the forest, following the howls of the wolves. He never found them, and walked home defeated.
Tom wasn't very religious. He never really looked into it. Then his dad got cancer. But doing situps and crunches, he hurt his neck and back. He turned into a good Christian.
Adrian went to bed at 2:00am despite having to go to work at 7:00am. He set his alarm clock to 5:30 am before getting into bed. When the alarm went off, he hit the snooze button. He eventually woke up and realized it was already 6:30 am. He was going to be late for work that day.
David wanted a pepperoni pizza. David called Domino's Pizza to order his pizza. The delivery driver arrived at David's house. David forgot that he did not have cash. David could not get the pizza since he couldn't pay for it.
Steve lived in a small town. Steve is accused of a murder. Steve pleads innocence. Steve loses his case in court. Steve is sent to jail for the murder.
Glenda worked for weeks to perfect her cookie recipe. She wanted to enter it in the state fair. The judges raved when they took a bite. Glenda won the blue ribbon! She told everyone the secret ingredient was cinnamon.
I told my lab partner to mix the chemicals on the rack. However, she was confused since there were multiple test tubes there. Instead of asking for help, she randomly picked two chemicals. When she mixed them, some the test tubes exploded. My professor threw her in the shower to wash off the chemicals on her.
Cid peered closely at the snail on the sidewalk. He laughed mischievously, reaching into his pocket. A salt shaker emerged. Before he could sprinkle the salt, Cid heard a voice. His mother called his name.
Last night I wanted to make a pizza for my friends. I went out that day to buy the dough and cheese. While I was making the pizza I dropped the dough on the ground. All my friends were very sad. We had to eat sandwiches instead.
Bob wanted to go on the new ride at the amusement park. He wait in line for the ride. When he finally got on his legs started to tremble. The ride spun him left and right. Afterwards, Bob felt sick to his stomach and had to puke. B.
Wendy had an unexpected day off of work. The weather was supposed to be windy and rainy. So Wendy decided to stay home and watch movies all day. Unfortunately the wind knocked out the cable. So she wound up reading instead.
Denise was invited to a girl's night out with her friends. Denise decided she would purchase a new dress. After looking online, Denise found the perfect dress. After receiving the dress, Denise knew the dress was perfect. Denise could not wait to wear her dress for girl's night out.
Nia broke her leg. She had to get a cast put on it. She was awkward at first wearing it. But soon she grew used to it. Before long, she could walk with ease!
The Bush family always spends the month of July at the lake. The drive to the lake took several hours. A downpour began while they were on their way. The torrential rainy came into the car through a crack in a window. The family was able to huddle together for shelter in a barn.
Richard wanted to rent a cabin. The only problem is the cabin was really far away. Disregarding this problem he went ahead to schedule the trip. Once he opened his cabin he soon grew disappointed. The cabin was filled with rodents.
Joe had gotten a cut on his hand. He didn't clean it out well enough. An infection set in. Joe's hand began to swell up. Joe had to go to the doctor.
Daniel was good at his work but he never listened to his staff. During a meeting, he refused all the good ideas of his employees. He even said there was no way to fix the problem they were facing. His own boss was very disappointed when Daniel had no solution. He had no choice but to demote Daniel and remove his privileges.
The waiter asked the guests if they wanted anything to drink. The customer asked for some wine. The waiter told them they had both red and white wine. The customer said that she would like red. The waiter told her that it was a good choice as he wrote it down.
Al wanted to go to his friend's party to find a girl to date. But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead! Angrily, Al went out front and began to mow. He was interrupted by a pretty classmate, out walking her dog. They chatted for a few minutes - and then she asked him out!
Ora wanted a kitty for Hanukkah. Her mom said maybe, but probably not. Ora was a little dejected. But then on Hanukkah's last morning, she got a shock. She received a tiny kitten with a soft fluffy coat!
Fred lost the key to his house. He went to the store to buy a new key and hardware. Fred installed the new hardware on the door. He made a spare key. Fred put the spare key in a safe place in case he lost his.
Tom was walking on the beach. He was enjoying the feeling of sand in between his toes. He was admiring the sea. Suddenly, a large ant bit him, this caused him pain. He became upset.
Tom loved cheese very much. One day, his cheese fell behind the counter. No one noticed the cheese for three months. Finally, they found the rotting cheese. After smelling the rotten cheese, Tom didn't like cheese anymore.
John lived with roommates. They constantly ran out of toilet paper. John felt like the only one that ever bought any. He decided to buy some just for himself. Within a week his roommates were complaining.
The woman turned up the heat. Her husband felt too warm. He turned down the heat about one hour later. The woman checked the thermostat. She yelled at her husband for turning down the heat.
Justin was outside playing one day. When he noticed a buzzing coming from his ear. He went inside to tell his parents. His parents told him he needed to see a doctor. The doctor found a bee inside of Justin's ear!
Tyler has a job interview on wednesday. He stayed up late the night before and set an alarm to get up on time. He forgot to plug his phone into the charger. He woke up late and rushed to the interview. He still got the job.
Gina had inherited a house from her parents. She wanted to sell the house. Gina took out the things that had sentimental value. She found a realtor to sell the house. Gina sold the house to a buyer.
Tim was trying to make some sweet tea. He wound up using way too much sugar. The tea tasted like syrup. Tim tried to water it down more but that took away the flavor. He was forced to drink his gross concoction until he could make more.
Laura adored a lot of celebrities and wanted to meet one! I told her that it was very rare to meet one but she didn't care. She tried to meet one while downtown the next day. There was a popular play going on so she went there. After the play she waited around and ended up meeting one!
Tom kept hearing strange sounds in his basement. He was usually too scared to check. One day he decided to go in and see what it was. Tom looked around and noticed it was some old pipes. He fixed the problem and the sound was gone.
Zach was getting tired of living with Jen. He said he would move out in 2 months. 1 month went by and he couldn't stand it anymore, so he moved out. He didn't have a place to go, so he lived in his car. Weird how Zach is now happier than he was in a house with Jen.
One day Jon decided to have a picnic. First he packed the food. Then he brought it to the top of a hill. Then he ate and enjoyed the view. It was a pleasant afternoon.
Kelly had made a big pot of soup. After dinner they had a lot leftover. She planned on eating everything to put it all to use. Unfortunately, they forgot all about the soup. By the time she remembered, it had all gone bad.
Jared needed to look good for a dance. He decided to buy a nice new watch. He went to the local jeweler in his city. He looked around and found a watch her liked. Jared then purchased the watch and it looked nice.
Jon wanted to form a team. We were hesitant at first. Decided to join and had a blast. We won every game and celebrated. Ended up going out as a team afterwards!
A little girl fell asleep in her classroom due to boredom. The teacher saw her and chastised her for it. She was assigned more homework as punishment. The girl hated homework and learned her lesson. She would never fall asleep in class again.
Stephen saw the snow come down. He waited for a phone call. The school called. They said school was closed. Stephen celebrated.
Friday night was always pizza night in the Smith house. The mother prepared the dough in the breadmaker. When it was ready she hand-tossed it. The children helped put toppings and cheese on the pizza. The whole family enjoyed their delicious pizza dinner.
Pippa sighed as she looked at her earnings for the evening. It had been a very long and tiring day. She wasn't going to bed until she met her goal though. Pippa ground out enough Zing hits to reach her goal. Pippa sighed contentedly as she snuggled into her sheets.
The man was building a fence. The neighbor wanted to help. The man gave the neighbor some tools. The neighbor was not much help. The neighbor ruined one of the tools.
Tycho scratched his mosquito bite. In the morning, the bite was swollen and filled with pus. His parents took him to the hospital. Tycho had to stay and get antibiotics through an IV. The next day he was better and went home.
Sam asked Mary on a date. At first she said no. But then she realized that she thought Sam was cute! She told Sam she had changed her mind. Sam was so happy to hear her news!
The bank was being impossible to deal with for the mortgage. Sue was at the end of her rope. She did not think she could get the mortgage to go through in time. She broke down in tears while talking to her aunt about it. Her aunt offered to lend her the money and carry the mortgage herself.
Barry wanted to propose to his girlfriend in a memorable way. He signed up and chose their special song to perform. When it was his turn, he took the stage and proposed to her. She was embarrassed and turned him down. A girl in the audience thought he was sweet and gave him her number.
Ruby was notified that her taxes were being audited. She was very upset, and she called her accountant. He reassured her that everything was in order. Her accountant gave her the supporting documentation she needed. Ruby's audit went well, and she actually received a bigger refund.
Our daughter is in the second trimester of her pregnancy. On Tuesday she felt dizzy. She said she was dizzy during her first pregnancy and has low bp. She stayed home and rested, and felt better. I told her to eat plenty of Chinese food to raise her bp.
Nate went to the beach. He remained in the sun for several hours. A blackhead formed on his back. He didn't interfere with it. However, it increased in size after a month.
John couldn't fall asleep one night. He tried different things. Eventually he decided to just stay up. The next night he was tired and fell asleep early. It helped reset his sleep schedule.
The man bought tomatoes. He brought them home. He couldn't decide what to do with them. He asked his friend. His friend gave him fresh peppers for salsa.
The batteries in my flashlight died. I grabbed my wallet and keys and drove to the convenience store. While there, I purchased a 6-pack of the batteries I needed. I drove back home with the batteries. I put the new batteries in my flashlight and turned it on.
Pam loved to make hash browns out of her potatoes. She grew all of her potatoes in her own garden. One day, there was a terrible tornado! It ruined her garden and killed all of her potatoes! Pam was sad at the loss of her garden.
The students were giving the bus driver a hard time. They said mean comments and threw paper balls at him. As a consequence, he dropped them off in the rain. Unlike the students, he treated me differently since I'm nice to him. He decided to take me directly to my house with the bus.
Shay wasn't feeling very pretty one morning. She looked in the mirror and felt that she looked dull. Shay decided she needed a makeover. She put one some makeup and curled her hair. When she looked in the mirror she loved her improved reflection.
Erin was always losing things in her room. Her room was very messy and disorganized. She always started to clean but never finished. One Saturday she decided to spend the whole day cleaning her room. She found at least ten things that she had been missing.
The woodsman sought out the biggest tree in the woods. He swung his ax at the trunk. Only a small chip of wood came out. The woodsman switched to his chainsaw. He fell the tree in one swift motion.
Drew had very poor penmanship and he wanted to improve. His teacher, Mrs Murphy, helped him improve. It took a long time before his letters were legible. After a few months, Drew had the neatest handwriting in class. Drew was so happy and Mrs Murphy was very proud of him.
My little sister wanted to catch a butterfly for a pet. She had no idea what she was doing. I helped her build a net and showed her where to look. My little sister started swinging her net at the butterflies. Eventually she caught one.
Nia is a young newborn. One day Nia starts vomiting. She vomits until her vomit becomes dark green. Her parents take her to the hospital. They give Nia medicine and she gets better.
Jesse loved playing video games. He was better at video games than all of his friends. Sometimes Jesse would brag about his skills to everyone. Jesse's friends did not like hearing him brag. Jesse learned to be more humble after seeing his friends' faces.
Before school was finished, Drew took Nancy to a quiet place. He confessed his love for her. Although she likes his personality, she told him that he's simply ugly Drew was speechless and walked away. On the other hand, Nancy maintained the same attitude.
Scott had a big race on Tuesday. But Scott's leg was very tight and sore. Scott's mom told him to ice it while resting it. Scott did this until Tuesday. Scott was able to run in the race!
Tom worked in retail. He was constantly rude to customers. His boss gave him one last chance. Tom really angered another customer. He was finally fired.
When I was in third grade I used to enjoy art class. One day we were drawing a picture of Santa Claus. I colored my Santa's eyes brown. The teacher yelled at me and told me to color Santa's eyes blue. I stopped liking art class after that day.
I used to love Dave our neighborhood police officer. He was a good role model for the community. One day Dave asked me out for lunch. I accepted and he raped me. I no longer trust any cops.
The Weitz family decided everyone would make their own Christmas card. Mr Weitz's card had very bad artwork. Everyone made fun of him for it. He still sent the card anyway. He thought it was special.
My baby has a favorite blanket. She needs it to go to sleep. I lost it on our walk today. She will never sleep again without it. I better go to the store and get another one.
Brandon was nervous for a job interview tomorrow. He was so nervous he could not sleep at all the night before. Brandon arrived ten minutes early to the interview. The interview went so well that Brandon was hired on the spot. Brandon left his new workplace feeling ecstatic.
One night the Johnsons were out to dinner. On their way home, fire trucks passed them. They were worried so they sped home. Their house was engulfed in flames and they lost everything. They were very sad and had to rebuild their home.
Tom's wife was working late. She had a longer shift than normal. Tom decided to make her dinner. It was hot and ready by the time she got home. Tom's wife was very appreciative.
The man took his son on a trip to the ice cream parlor. The man had a plain vanilla cone. The young boy got a cone with chocolate and strawberry ice cream. He also added sprinkles and whipped cream. The boy couldn't eat all his ice cream.
A boy went for a walk in the woods. He found a frog. He found a blue flower. He saw a squirrel. He decided he would go for a walk in the woods every day.
Lin preordered a pair of shoes six months before they came out. She knew they would sell out so she bought them in advance. After six months had passed her style had changed. The shoes no longer fit with her style. She was stuck with thousand dollar shoes she no longer wanted to wear.
Dee had lots of exams to study for. He stayed up all night studying. He was so tired the next day! But he grabbed a coffee and made it to every class. Thanks to his studying, Dee aced each exam!
Guy was willing to try anything on a dare. So he ate bugs and screws to shock his friends. When he was asked to jump from a bridge, he was on board. He let himself fall from his ankles and screamed. His friends realized too late that the cord wasn't attached right.
Cindy was in a store picking up a pizza. She swiped her card but for some reason it was denied. She tried a few times but nothing was working. She was about to give up and not get the pizza. Luckily, someone behind her offered to buy the pizza for her.
Tommy had to get repairs done on his car. The repairs were going to cost a couple extra hundred dollars. Tommy didn't have any money saved. He asked his boss if he could work extra hours. Tommy worked extra hours to cover the cost of the repairs.
Luke's cat fell out of a tree but survived. His dad told Luke cats always land on their feet. Later, Luke's dad found him climbing the ladder with the cat. His dad stopped Luke just as he was about to drop the cat. Luke said he wasn't worried since cats always land on their feet.
John was clumsy. One day while walking he fell. John couldn't get back up. A stranger walking by helped John get back up. John was taken to the hospital to get help.
The Jackson family grew oranges in their orchard. Once a year they took their oranges to the market. Billy Jackson sold some oranges to Gina Green. The two talked for a while and hit it off. Soon they were engaged to be married.
Jessica's friends were sure she would like kale. They told her this every day. Finally, they convinced her to try eating some. She took the kale they offered and ate it. Jessica and her friends learned that she hated kale.
Monica had to pee, but her parents were already asleep. She tried to walk to the bathroom, but the floor creaked. Monica wrapped in a blanket and laid down on the floor. She started crawling to the bathroom like a worm. She made it to the bathroom without any cracking.
Sue has been trying to have kids for years. She has been unsuccessful with everything she has tried. She started to look into adoption. She found one child that was a perfect fit. She hopes to adopt her by next year.
Johnny lost his puppy. He was upset. He put out posters and flyers seeking out the puppy. One of his neighbors recognized the lost dog. Johnny's neighbor reunited him with his puppy.
Cliff was recently divorced. He was depressed for months. Cliff decided enough was enough. Cliff was ready to sell his house and move to a new city. Cliff sold everything and headed south for his new start.
Sue needed a new desk. Her current one was too small. She shopped online for a desk. She found an L shaped desk for $200. Her desk came in the mail a week later.
Alex was walking home from school. He saw a man about to jump off a bridge. Instead of yelling to stop or helping him. Alex just watched, wanting the man to jump. The man jumped, Alex just smiled and continued walking.
Travis was on a baseball team. He was having trouble with his batting swing. Travis's coach gave him extra hitting practice. Travis's swing got better. He became the best hitter on the team.
Stacy had a ballet recital. She really wanted her family to come. Most of her family could not. Her mom said she would come but missed it. Stacy felt defeated.
Maryann woke up with a bad feeling. Her dog wasn't lying next to her bed. She made her way through the house. She stopped in her tracks. That was because her dog had peed on the floor.
I looked everywhere in the house for my Listerine slips. After searching for several minutes, I still couldn't find it. Therefore, I decided to go to sleep. However, when I woke up, I found the pack on my pants. My brother told me that he borrowed it.
Joe just bought a new laptop. When he got to basketball practice, he put it in his backpack. When he got back, he could not find it anywhere. Joe was ready to say it was stolen. He searched his backpack again and it was in a another spot.
My siblings and I visited my grandfather's house. Since today was his birthday, we threw a celebration. Unfortunately, I caught a bad allergy and started coughing. When I came home, the allergy grew worse. Before going to bed, I had to take allergy tablets.
I belong to a FB group for mTurk workers. One day a person posted he posed as a girl. He did it to get money from a survey. I and several others said this was unethical. The person was banned from the group.
Cory was a tree trimmer. He was hired to cut the extra branches off his neighbor's tree. Unfortunately one of the branches fell and knocked him off his ladder. Cory was in pain, but not badly hurt. He was much more careful about where he was cutting after that.
David bought maple syrup from a local farm. He used it on pancakes and it was delicious. As he poured on extra syrup, he spilled it on himself. His shirt was a sticky mess. He washed it in soapy warm water and the syrup came out.
Matt brought Jamie to see the sunset on the beach. The beach was Matt's favorite place. Upon arriving at the beach, Matt noticed a storm. Matt and Jamie got soaked in the rain. Jamie refused to see Matt again.
Bill wanted to have a shirt of his favorite band. All of their merchandise had been discontinued. Bill learned screen printing. He bought all of the requisite materials. He printed himself a fine shirt that lasted him years.
The man made a sandwich. He put on a lot of mustard. He took the sandwich to work. The mustard soaked into the bread. The sandwich looked disgusting by lunch time.
We asked the dog if she wanted to go for a ride. She got very excited. She started jumping on us and howling. We got her pretty pink leash. She happily bounded out the door for a ride with us.
I was caving with some friends in the mountains. Deep inside, I heard a noise very close to me. With my lighter I could see a bat on the cave wall next to me. I couldn't decide if I was intrigued or grossed out. I decided to pet him.
Sam checked the oil in his car. It needed to be changed. Sam decided to do it himself. He bought all the things necessary. In a few minutes Sam got the job done.
Jane had a boyfriend she met online. They had a long distance relationship for over a year. They finally were able to move in together. It was much worse in person. Jane was dumped shortly after.
Rachel and Molly were volunteering together. They spent the whole day cleaning up a soup kitchen. At the end of the day, the owner thanked them. Then, she offered them each a free brownie. They excitedly ate the treats.
Tony had a crush on Julie. He flirted with her one day after their course in college. The following week he asked her out on a date. She said yes but she had to pick the time and place. She took him to a family barbecue and they fell in love.
Ellen worked successfully in the tech sector. Her husband descended deep into debt. She sued his company. Through no fault of her own, she lost. Ellen went on to run a new company.
Cody was turning ten years old and all he wanted was a bike. His parents got him a really cool green mountain bike. So his mom, brother and he went on a bike ride to the local shop. While turning a corner he hit gravel and flipped. He landed at the bottom of the bridge and broke his shoulder and wrist.
Eric's grandfather died. His greedy aunt threw away all of his grandfather's things. She only kept the money. So Eric dug through the trash filled with his grandfather's things. Eric then found a trinket to remember his grandfather by.
Sammy was in line for Black Friday. She wanted to get a new TV. She waited for hours. She was able to buy a 4K TV for $500. She watched the football game on her new TV later that night.
Eva was a chef at a fancy restaurant. Italian food was her specialty. She created an amazing pasta recipe for the fall. It was so popular, it sold out every night! Eva became famous for her inventive new dishes.
Amanda and her friend, Joy, were in the 7th grade. After lunch one day, they went to the bathroom. In one of the stalls was one of their old friends, Nicky. Joy convinces Amanda to throw spit balls into the stall. Amanda felt bad about throwing them, but did it anyway.
There was only three cupcakes left for my parents and me. I already ate one. Without realizing I went and ate another cupcake. Then I realize what I did. My mom got a cupcake, but not my dad.
I had a new locker. However my key did not work. I tried very hard. Finally, I realized it was the wrong key. I used the right key to finally open the locker.
Jenna bought a bouquet of flowers. She pulled out her biggest vase for them. She carefully filled it with water. As she carried it back to the counter, she dropped it. The vase shattered all over the floor.
Ben wanted to do something fun with his friends. He did some online research about fun group activities. He decided on a day trip to a local vineyard. Ben booked a party bus to take them to the vineyard for the day. Ben and his friends went to the vineyard and had a great time.
Vivian set out on a long car ride. She had books and a crossword puzzle. She also brought a pillow and blanket. The ride took fourteen hours. Vivian didn't mind it because she was well-prepared.
Lyle is in a running race today. He starts the race in last place. He runs his way around everyone. He ends up finishing first. Lyle wins the race.
Greg never thought he'd boo-boo on himself. He especially didn't think he'd do it at a party. But, at a party, he ate something that made his bowels move. The bathroom door was locked and he relieved himself. One party goer thought the house pet used the bathroom on the floor.
I left my husband three months ago. He was cheating on me online for years. I found a folder that had very objectionable pictures. I deleted it, but left the house and called the police. He was escorted out of my home, and out of my life.
Tom bought an open item from the store. It was furniture he had to put together. Tom was near finishing when he noticed some missing parts. Tom returned it to the store. He got his money back.
Jennifer volunteered at an animal shelter last year. One day, a man brought in a pony named Alf. Jennifer was instructed to bathe and feed him. No one told Jennifer that Alf was scared of water. Alf kicked her when she turned on the hose.
Carlos has always eaten fast food for dinner after work. Since he lives alone, Carlos never put much effort into cooking. Finally his family convinces him that cooking at home is more healthy. For his first dinner, Carlos makes spaghetti and meatballs. Carlos decides to stop eating fast food and start cooking at home.
Jeff was at a red light. All of a sudden it turned green. As he was getting ready to accelerate, a car bumped into him. He got ready to pull over to exchange information and call the cops. However, the car sped off and left Jeff with no information.
Ashley was excited for prom. She could not wait to buy her dress. She and her mom went shopping at many different places. Ashley finally picked out the perfect dress to wow everyone. Everyone complimented her and she felt like a princess.
I wanted to make a stew. I bought all the ingredients. I took them home to cook them. When I got home, I was too tired to cook. I put the ingredients in the fridge to cook another day.
My old boss started a brewery business in Lowell recently. He invited me to visit him last year. I took the commuter rail and met him at the station. He gave me a tour of his brewery. We had lunch before I took the train home.
Sabrina was going to an office downtown. She parked in a space with a parking meter. Sabrina didn't have any change. She didn't feed the meter. When Sabrina returned to her car, she had a parking ticket.
Beth was on the school bus on the way to school. Suddenly she remembered she had tons of homework. She quickly pulled her papers out to get to work. Luckily she was finishing up just as the bus arrived at school. She also still managed to earn good grades for her work.
Marvin wanted a better relationship with his brother He argued all the time and they never had a good relationship. Marvin asked his brother for forgiveness and he wanted a fresh start. Marvin and his brother both agreed to do better. Marvin and his brother have a better relationship no .
Maggie was lying in bed, freezing cold. Her husband liked the heater off because he would sweat too much. Maggie tried her best to warm up with some blankets. It was no use, and Maggie was still freezing. Finally, she decided to turn the heater on a low heat.
Mike enters a race. Mike has been practicing for this race for weeks. Before the race he starts to stretch. After he warms up his body, he is ready for the race. Mike finishes in first place in the race.
Becky needed a new suit for her job. She searched everywhere for the perfect one. Finally she saw a good one at Macy's. After buying it she tried it on. It fit perfectly.
The kids loved their video game system. They bought a new game. They stayed up all night playing it. It was a fun new game! They beat it after 10 hours of playing.
It was a typical day at work and I was bored. Today, I thought I will be a little adventurous. I went to my boss's office. Then, I ask him if I can receive a small pay raise. We negotiated and eventually I got the raise.
Eric and Jeff are best friends. Jeff's birthday was coming soon. Eric wanted to give Jeff a surprise birthday party. Eric secretly invited Jeff's close friends and family. Jeff was so surprised by the party that he teared up.
Jill was almost killed by a tornado when she was a child. This sparked her interest in studying weather. She grew up to be a storm chaser. Her and her team chased tornadoes every spring across the Midwest. Her storm research lead to advancement in tornado warning systems.
Tom noticed his vision acuity decreasing recently. He decided to do vision exercises. He did the exercises every day. He saw his vision improve. He was very happy to improve his vision.
Fred was running late for school. He put on whatever shirt he could find. He went downstairs. Then he realized it was inside out. He had to change it.
Amy was at the gym. She put her towel and water bottle on a machine and tied her shoe. When she stood a man was on her machine. Amy explained she intended to use this machine. The rude man simply ignored Amy and kept working out.
Ken loved adventures. He was taking a trip to the rain forest. He wanted to see animals and plants he'd never seen before. When his plane touched down, he got so excited. It was time to explore!
I got a flat tire on way to work. I pulled over. I got the jack and spare out of the trunk. I looked at my expensive suit and the dirty tire. AAA only took 30 minutes to arrive.
Ken was drunk at a bar. There was a mechanical bull. He thought it would be fun to ride. He got on it and stayed longer than anyone expected. Ken had a lot of fun and tried it again.
Stephanie went door to door selling cookies for her school. She was in a heated competition with her friend Brandy. At the end of the day, she had sold 20 boxes! She called Brandy to update her on her sales. Stephanie was excited to hear that her friend had only sold 16.
Tom's girlfriend had a creepy doll. Tom would often get scared of it in the dark. Tom tried to hide it. His girlfriend loved it, though. Tom couldn't do anything to get rid of it.
Simon was at a farm. He was there on a field trip for school. Then he sees a chicken and tries to touch it. The chicken attacked him. He left the farm and got scared.
Ken was eating lunch. He saw that Tom did not have anything. Ken remembered that is was important to be understanding. He shared his lunch with Tom. They both had a great day.
Jim couldn't sleep. He was in a bed with no pillow. His neck hurt. Sam gave him a pillow for Christmas. Jim never had trouble sleeping again.
I went into the city yesterday. It was for New Years. When I was hungry I had a hot dog. It tasted amazing. The hot dog was the winner of the night.
One day the Acker family decided to go stargazing on the hill outside. They found the Big Dipper, the Little Dipper, and Orion's Belt. They even saw some shooting stars! It was a truly beautiful night. Everyone had fun.
Sam had finished his Eagle Project that used Facebook. His mother was planning his Eagle award ceremony. She was asking relevant and prominent figures for congratulations. She sent a letter to Mark Zuckerberg. He never even replied to the letter.
One evening at dusk James was outside on the deck with his family. He looked to them and said he would show them a trick. James balled up a pair of white socks. He then threw them into the air and a small black bat swooped by. The whole family gasped and James smiled.
Grahame was a world famous magician in Las Vegas. He was known for performing death-defying stunts. One evening, he chose to perform one of his most famous tricks. A mistake occurred and the trick almost cost Grahame his life. After that day, Grahame decided to not risk his life when performing.
Anita was a beautiful singer. She moved to New York to become famous. She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent. Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist. Anita thought her dream was finally becoming a reality.
A mobster lent several hundred dollars to a poor man. They began to discuss the worst case scenario. The poor man acknowledged there was a chance he'd default. The mobster thought for a moment. He decided he'd hire the man as a chauffeur to help repay the loan.
Martha and Tom were at the mall. Martha filled out an entry form for a drawing to win a new car. Tom told Martha she was wasting her time by entering. Martha convinced Tom to enter the sweepstakes. Three weeks later Tom was notified that he won the car!
Kathy had stayed up too late recently. Her mom ended up grounding her as a result. Kathy hated all of the rules. She decided to go on a hunger strike. It didn't last long because she got too hungry.
Kyle had a brand new skateboard. He liked to show it off to everyone. Kyle went to the skatepark and got beaten up. Two bullies took his skateboard from him. Kyle cried heavily at the loss of his skateboard.
Sam built a cabin with materials from the land. He was very proud of what he'd done. Sam called everyone to show off his adroitness. The county building inspector told him his cabin wasn't to code. Sam was informed he needed to tear it down.
Ted wanted to take his father out for Father's Day. He planned the perfect day. They ate ate a fancy diner. They then played ball in the park. It was the best Father's Day ever!
Alex was 16 and getting acne. He was very worried it would make the girls not like him. He tried everything he possibly could to get rid of the zits. He found a few products that seemed to work for him. Once he tacked down a routine his acne cleared up!
Todd hated making coffee in the morning. It always took too long. He was always late for work. Mary Bought him instant coffee. Todd happily enjoyed his life saving gift.
Zack was hungry and wanted to order food for delivery. He didn't know whether to order pizza, Chinese, Mexican, or Thai. He spent over an hour comparing menus and prices. Eventually, he decided to make a grilled cheese sandwich instead. Zack enjoyed his sandwich and was glad he hadn't spent extra money.
Bertha had a bakery. She made everything including pies and cakes. A customer wanted a special Christmas cake on the 24th of December. She had to inform the customer she was closed that day. The customer yelled at her and stormed out of the bakery.
Jenny walked past Mike, stopped and asked, what soap do you use? Mike said, any soap. Jenny said she thought the soap he used smelled manly. Mike says, funny you say that because I only shower on Tuesdays. It was a Monday afternoon and Jenny tried not to laugh.
Cynthia used to be a deeply religious person. She went to church daily. After a series of bad events Cynthia started to question religion. She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions. Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness.
Kate is very clumsy by nature. She tends to walk slowly in hopes that she won't do something painful. Last weekend, she was in a hurry and stepped right off a curb. She twisted her ankle. She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days.
Jill is feeling sick so she stays home from work. When Jill's mother calls she tells her that she is sick. So Jill's mother comes over and makes chicken soup for her. She does her dishes and cleans her house too. Jill thinks she has the best mother in the world.
Lauren's new husband got a flat tire, so he called AAA. Lauren arrived home from work two hours later. AAA was taking forever, so Lauren decided to change the tire herself. Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife. Lauren, feeling accomplished, cancelled the AAA call.
I wanted some guacamole. I decided to make it myself. I tasted it and it was bad. I realized I forgot to put cumin in it. Finally, the guacamole tasted delicious!
Jill's daughter had missed a lot of school. Many of the absences were unexcused. Jill had to meet with the truancy officer. Jill was told she needed to send her child to school. Jill's daughter began to go to school more regularly.
The man unlocked the door. The door would not open. He shoved on the door hard. The door swung open quickly. The man fell down as the door opened.
My dad always put up candles in the windows for Christmas. One year he put up a manger. He put a spotlight on it. He put up a cross too. Everyone that drove by saw it.
Greg got caught in traffic. He was already late to work but he was outpatient. A car in front of him eventually stopped moving. Out of frustration, he ran into it. Police officers came and arrested him.
In high school, kids teased Tameka because she had short hair. Now Tameka gets a weave in her hair. One evening she went to the beauty salon and asked for a weave. Her beautician put fake hair on her head that extended to her waist. A month later she removed the fake hair and was called a fake queen.
Ben got a new puppy. He was very excited to show him around. He went to the park to play ball. He went for a long walk around his neighborhood. But when it was time to  actually train him, he was exhausted.
Valerie bought a basketball from the supermarket. She took it with her to the basketball court. A group of people asked if she wanted to have a basketball match. They competed against each other using the ball. During the match, it landed in a row of barbed wire and bursted.
Becky wanted to do something fun during her evenings. She found out about free salsa dance lessons. She attended them weekly. She had a great time there. She met many friends there.
Tina had taken five jello shooters. She was now dancing at the party trying to attract a cute boy. She was so tipsy she slipped and fell. As she fell she knocked her head into the coffee table. Tina never woke up from her coma.
I was driving to the store one day when the road was jammed. I was very frustrated that traffic was so slow. When I got further up I saw the accident and was very upset. I drove past the accident and made it to the store. On the way home I thought about it while driving.
Jasmine's mom thought she had matured a lot. She gave her a cell phone. Her mom said it was just for emergencies. A month later, Jasmine's mom got a huge cellphone bill. Jasmine had abused the privilege.
Phil got a job with his brother. His brother was a supervisor at a security firm. Phil worked nights with a team of five other security officers. One night the alarm in the building went off. The team looked everywhere but only found broken glass.
Joanie was excited at her first day of camp. As the girls changed into bathing suits, they looked at Joanie. She was the only girl wearing a t-shirt instead of a bra. Joanie said she felt too sick to swim. Instead, she snuck to a nearby store to buy a bra.
Gene walked up to the window to deposit the money into his account. A woman asked him to fill out the deposit slip. Mike did as she said and handed her the money and the slip. They both traded glances and smiles. Gene asked her out and she said yes.
Today was Claire's first exam at college. She was very nervous. She stayed up all night to study. As she walked into the room she was trembling. Thankfully however she did fine.
Meg's pals said she needed to start speaking her mind. When Meg's date tried to order for her, Meg remembered their advice. She pointed to an item on the menu and ordered it adamantly. When their orders arrived, Meg looked aghast at her own dish. The waiter said he hoped she'd enjoy her squid.
Frank and Julia were walking by the river on a lovely sunny afternoon. They walked, hand in hand, falling deeper in love with every step. Suddenly, Julia stopped short and the color drained from her face. Turning to follow her line of vision, Frank saw it. A dead body was floating within a meter of where they stood.
The man had a coin collection. He was worried that it could be stolen. He bought some insurance on the collection. Having the insurance made him feel better. He was able to enjoy his collection more in the future.
Kim was driving home on  the highway. A small pebble was kicked up by the car in front of her. Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass. She worried it would damage the windshield. She got out and checked to see a knick in her windshield.
Billy could not fall asleep. He asked his dad to read him a bedtime story. His father decided to make one up. When he finished, Billy told him it was the best story he had heard. Now Billy's father makes up all of Billy's bedtime stories.
Lauren wasn't very bright. Despite her lack of brains she applied to Harvard. She told everyone about how she applied to Harvard. Lauren was not accepted into this prestigious school. She was very confused about where she went wrong.
Fay was taking a hike one day. She stumbled across an egg from a fallen nest. She decided to take it home. The egg hatched a week later! Now Faye has her own pet falcon!
A boy named Dave had taken Gina's pencil. He ran from her when she tried to retrieve it. She ran to where he was and tried to take it back. But the boy had longer legs, and was faster than her. Gina stumbled and skinned her knee when chasing the boy.
Tori had to have surgery. She was terrified. The doctor assured her it would be fine. He then put the anesthetic mask on her. She woke up later without remembering a thing!
Clara insisted that she and her boyfriend make a budget. She downloaded an expensive budgeting software. She purchased binders and folders to sort receipts and records. She scolded her boyfriend for not budgeting sooner. Her budgeting purchases outweighed his expenses for the month.
Keith loaded his kids up in the van. He was taking them to the rodeo! They had never been before. He was anxious to show them what it was all about! The kids cheered when they pulled into the arena.
Nancy's dog ran away. She looked for him for days. Her family put up flyers. Her friends looked all around town. He came home after a week of being gone.
Paul was given an iPad for Christmas. He was so excited. He had no idea how to use it. He asked his grandchildren to help him. Once he got connected, he was unstoppable.
Sam woke one morning to the sound of birds chirping. He opened his window to shoo them away. They flew straight into his house! Sam had to use a fishing net to catch them all. Sam was finally able to get all of the birds back outside.
Tom and Jerry were riding their bikes. Suddenly the bike wheel fell off of Tom's bike. They were far away from home. Tom and Jerry had to walk all the way back. It was a horrible 3 hours for them.
We lived in a housing project. The place had mice. One day I saw  mouse eating bread on the table. I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom. I was glad to get rid of this pest.
Larry went up to the attic to get his winter clothes. The first thing he noticed was something hanging from the rafters. He turned around and backed down the ladder. He called a pest control company to get the bats. But it was just some loose insulation hanging down.
Adam was in the middle of a marathon but began feeling tired. His running partner, Tom, had paced himself out earlier in the race. Looking around, he had no one nearby and decided to slow down. Taking a few second break, he got his stride and speed back. Out of no where, a group of six runners passed by Adam.
Dante always wanted to drive a Ferrari. He went down to his local car rental place. He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours. He took the car to an empty race track. He drove it there at full speed until the end of the day.
Lucy was eating chocolates. She ate a great deal. Her husband came home from work. She then remembered what day it was. She ate all of the chocolates she bought him for Valentine's.
Jake trained hard to make his little league baseball team. One day he stayed late on the field to continue practicing. A man in the stands saw his dedication. The man asked him to be a bat boy for the local minor league team. Jake was happy to find that hard work really did pay off.
I heard a loud whistling from the front yard. I went outside to investigate. There were birds in the trees, calling to each other. I stood there for a while, just listening to them. It uplifted my mood and made my day better.
Even though it was winter, Sarah didn't wear her coat to work. She figured she wouldn't be out in the cold long. The next day she had the sniffles when she woke up. She started coughing on the drive to work. By lunch, she had a full-blown cold.
Lily loved to paint near her bedroom window. She always left her paintbrushes in a cup on the window ledge. One day, Lily finds that someone has taken her paintbrush. She searches all over the house in hopes of finding it. When Lily looks under the bed, she sees her cat with the paintbrush!
Andy was a journalism professor. He taught students how to work in the magazine publishing industry. On the last day of class a student challenged Andy. The student said the lessons were out of date. Next, the student showed the class how to publish magazines online.
My wife and I are fairly wealthy. The local zoo contacted us seeking a contribution. We gave what we thought was a sizable sum. We later learned they put our name on a bench. We couldn't imagine how much other donors must have given.
Noah wanted to be President when he grew up. But as he got older, his aspirations changed. He was no longer interested in politics. He decided to start a business instead. But he still became President - of his own company!
Jon was lonely. He had no friends. He decided to join a sports club to make friends. Alas, no one there wanted to be his friend. Thus, Jon became depressed.
My mom said not to argue. My stepdad went into the bedroom. He started saying bad things about me. I told him it was no big deal. He was angry about a sliding door that was askew.
Jen found the perfect drapes for to match her carpet. She put them in her shopping cart on Amazon. She got sidetracked cooking dinner for her family. When she came back to order, the drapes were out of stock! Jen was so angry that she bought shutters for the windows instead!
Jean was taught being a good mother meant sacrificing her own needs. Spending all her time and money on her children, Jean was unhappy. After screaming at her son, she learned that child care was self care. Jean took some time alone, shopped for herself, and got counseling. When she was personally happier, she made a happier home for everyone.
Jon needed to pay his cable bill. Before he left work he got his work check. So Jon went to the bank to cash his check. Jon used the money from his check to pay his cable bill. Jon was glad he payed his cable bill.
Joe loved to scare his little brother during Halloween. Joe would play scary pranks on him. But Andrew was tired of it and decided to get back at Joe. Andrew got his revenge in Halloween and scared Joe. Joe would get him back next Halloween.
Jamie built doll houses for a living. As he was self-conscious, he told people he was an architect. When an acquaintance asked him for a house, he drew the plans. He built the house and showed it with pride. His acquaintance was speechless as he was facing a doll house.
A magician visited Tim's elementary school to perform tricks. Tim was amazed by the magic tricks, and wanted to learn them himself. He researched magic tricks online to learn some that he could perform. After learning 5 different tricks, he could amaze all of his friends. Eventually Tim became a professional magician and could amaze anyone.
Tom joined the army reserves. He was sent to Iraq on his first tour. There he saw a bit of action before the accident. His convoy was hit by a roadside bomb. Tom didn't make it out.
In 2006 I went to a chess club Christmas party. It was in Braintree, MA. After the party I headed home. The subway was a long ride so I splurged for a cab. It cost me $40 to get home.
Brent was a young man fresh out of college. He hadn't had much luck in the job field. He was living with his parents again. Brent put in for a full time Manager at a retail store. Brent got the job and moved out of his parent's house.
I couldn't handle it. My mother was insufferable and cruel. I packed my things and dressed my newborn son. I Loaded my car and ran back to Oklahoma. I tried yet again to start over.
I drove to work while crossing the highway. I turned up my music to the highest attention. Without paying attention, I didn't pay attention to my speakers. It started to spark and eventually stopped working. I had to throw them away and purchase new ones.
Susy had a garden out in the back of her house. She decided to take a walk in it one day. But in it she saw a deer. Susy stayed silent. The deer looked at her for awhile and then looked away.
David was the best air hockey player in town. He had his own table at home and practiced a lot. One day a boy named Sam came to play with him. Sam beat him by 10 points. David was angry so he punched Sam in the face.
The man folded the clothes. He put them away. The next day they were gone. He went to look for them. His wife was refolding them.
Stephanie wanted to go on a date with her husband. The only problem was that she had just had a baby. They had never left the baby with a sitter before and were nervous. Stephanie called someone up and hired them. She was afraid but luckily it went perfectly.
Jason loved winter. He especially liked playing in the snow. There was a late snow that year. He knew it would be the last. So he made a snowball and stored it in the freezer.
The man hid some money. His wife asked where the money had gone. The man refused to tell her. The wife found the money. She spent the money on something she wanted.
Dennis was new to the gym but he had a plan. He wanted to lose weight and so he had started working out. It was very difficult at first. He worked hard and progressed towards his goal. Dennis weighed in and met his goal, he had lost 50 pounds.
There was a tornado warning last week. They claimed winds were going to be really high. We decided to board up our windows. A lot of debris was flying everywhere and two of our windows were hit. We felt lucky to have planned ahead.
Rohini decides she has been ordering delivery food too much. She would like to make herself a delicious dinner. She bakes a pizza with sausage topping. Rohini's pizza tastes great. She is happy she decided not to order delivery food.
When Bill found out Sally was pregnant, he asked her to marry him. She said yes even though she didn't truly love him. Sally was never that faithful. One day, Bill caught her in the act. He walked out on her for ever.
Murphy loved to decorate for Christmas. The neighborhood thought he put up too many decorations. This year Murphy decided to put up fewer decorations. He did not put up the life sized reindeer sleigh. The neighbors were very grateful.
Neil had just left Geneva. He was having a great time in Switzerland. Then he decided to see the Alps! He took a guided tour to the mountains. He thought they were cold, but gorgeous!
We were joking around trying to talk like Batman. But then Jen ordered a pizza and put it under Batman. So when we went to get it we got the weirdest looks. I went to the counter and asked for a pizza for batman. Based on their response I should have said Bruce Wayne.
Craig always wanted to have a yard of his own. When he moved into his first house he was excited. Unfortunately there was a sudden winter freeze. It killed all his grass. He had to start over from scratch.
Jasper realizes there is no food at his house. He decides to go out to get some fried chicken. The fried chicken restaurant has a very long line. Finally Jasper gets his fried chicken. He feels much better after eating.
A customer ordered a coffee that had foamy milk. The server carefully prepared the drink. At the end he drew a fancy design in the milk. The customer was excited when she saw it. She took a photo before she drank it.
John was a fabulous swimmer and went everyday to the beach. While swimming his laps he started getting pulled out to sea. He floated on his back to let it carry him out. When it stopped he was near a fishing boat that pulled him in. The fishing boat brought him back to land and gave him dinner.
Natalie had a bad day at school. Kids had made fun of a music band that she really liked. She went home and put in that band's CD. As she listened, she decided to stay true to her opinions. The next day at school, she stuck up for her musical taste.
Andrew was a writer. He was writing a book. It was his fifth draft and he had a deadline. So Andrew spent all day working on it. Finally he finished the book and it became a bestseller .
My friend Fred lost his father last year. I went to the wake. After the wake, Fred asked me to help him write the eulogy. I rewrote his words, and he used my revised eulogy. Fred thanked me for helping him.
A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house. She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake. She set the snake on fire and it slithered into a pile of dried leaves The leaves caught fire which set her house on fire, burnin it down. It was the funniest new article I've ever read!
I went to my first rave. I danced all night. I met a cute boy. He massaged me and told me I was beautiful. We made out the rest of the evening.
Schmidt had to take the bus to work. It took a long time. The bus broke down. He was very late for work. He got written up at work.
Lulu invited her friends to her Berkshire home. Most of the girls loved it. However Erica thought it was not glamorous enough. As a result Erica decided to leave. She went on home.
Tom was at a college party. He felt a bit nervous there. The place was packed full of people. Tom couldn't stop feeling uncomfortable. He decided to go home early.
Kim went to Rojo Restaurant with friends from work. She was pleased the prices looked surprisingly affordable. When the food arrived the portions looked like a kids meal. Kim ate her food and enjoyed it very much. She was hungry again less than 2 hours later.
Anna had been studying ballet for ten years. Now, at age 15, she was ready for her first lead role. But she tripped on stage and fell on her face! She was mortified, but the other dancers helped her recover. Soon Anna felt better and ready to dance again!
Roger Rumface was having a bad day. His shipment from the gravel factory hadn't arrived. He called up the gravel supervisor and asked him where it was. The supervisor was evasive, and started yelling at Roger. Roger yelled back, and lost his job.
Two friends were talking to each other on the phone. One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it. The other friend interrupted him and made fun of his mistake. The first friend became embarrassed and said he had to go. He hung up the phone and pouted.
Tim loved comic books. He had a really expensive one. It had been in his collection for years. One day a friend asked to read it. Tim told turned them down.
My friends and I were playing basketball. The score was tied 26 to 26. I had the ball in my hands and couldn't see anyone to pass it to. My back was facing the basket and I had no other options. I threw the basketball backwards and it made it inside the net.
Pat and Lindsay were out on a date walking along the city. There we beautiful ice sculptures everywhere. Lindsay asked if she could take a picture with one. The artist agreed, and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice. The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures.
Malory was out paying bills when she decided to go to the casino. She had a dollar to spare and thought why not. Mallory played the first machine she saw. She thought she was rich when the machine said jackpot for 8 million. The staff crushed her when they told her the machine had malfunctioned.
Jim was watching a scary movie. It was about a fifty foot crab. After the movie Jim went to bed. He had a nightmare about the movie. Jim never watched scary movies again.
Fred was a very religious person. He would go each week to church. Fred was hoping that one day he would find a wife. He met a lovely lady at church one weekend. They dated for a year and then got married.
Jay bought a new computer from the store. He had no idea how to set it up. Jay called his friend Carla to help him. Carla came over and began to get to work. She taught him how to properly wire up his new computer.
Mr Sweeney was the high school principal. He was walking down the hallway when he noticed someone running. He told the student no running in the hall. The student laughed and threw Mr Sweeney in a locker. Mr Sweeney started crying at how mean students were.
Reese saw a fountain with purple water one day. She wondered how the water got to be purple Then, a man poured all different colors of dye in the fountain. The water turned murky, and the cops came and arrested him. The cops took him away, and Reese went home.
Ryan always loved to play drums, but only recently got his own kit. He struggled to find comfortable positions for each piece of the kit. Whenever he went to play, it felt a little off from the last time. He spent long time to adjusting each part before he played each time. It was weeks before he realized the seat was all the moved a little.
Sheila was diagnosed with breast cancer six months ago. After learning that she couldn't have surgery she started chemo. Her sister Sharon takes her to all her appointments. Last week Sheila learned the cancer had moved to her lungs. Sheila and Sharon both cried for a long time.
Robyn and Rachel have been married 5 years. They never seem to be happy together anymore. They used to enjoy each other's company. Now they enjoy time away from each other. Robyn wants to file for divorce.
The Fall weather is starting to come. The nights are getting a lot cooler now. I have even noticed the leaves are changing. All the Fall flavors are coming out, too. I am looking forward to this season.
Kelly was watching a huge lightning storm. Suddenly, she noticed that a lightning bolt started a fire. It was a brush fire out in the desert. She called the fire department. Luckily they were able to put it out easily.
Travis was a con man. Every year when it was time to do taxes he lied. He got away with this for years. One year his luck ran out and the IRS caught him. They took him to jail for a very long time.
Roland weighed 300 pounds. Everyone was worried for his health. So Roland told everyone he would lose the weight. No one believed him. He lost 100 pounds in 6 months to everyone's surprise.
I bought several flavor packets. I thought putting them in my drinks would be a good idea. It would flavor my water without adding calories. I tried the watermelon. I was hooked, and used them from then on.
Joan lived in a tiny village away from the city. There, she had access to the only theater in the county. She went every night to watch a new movie and meet people. When they introduced 3D movies, she was ecstatic! She was the first one, in the first row, to watch the new movie.
Katherine was very nervous. The day of the audition had arrived. She had been dancing all her life and was ready for the challenge. They called her name and she began to dance. The judges were blown away.
Hannibal was driving when he got lost in Chinatown. He eventually got hungry and decided to eat at a noodle house. The noodles were the best Hannibal had ever had. The next day, Hannibal tried to go back to the noodle house. But he couldn't remember where it was so he ended up lost again.
I was bullied in high school. I had one bully in particular. She terrorized me almost everyday in school. I finally stood up to her, and it felt great. I learned so much about myself after that experience.
Bob snapped the top of the briefcase down with a click. He'd put the thing which mattered most to him in the world in it. Bob secured it tightly underneath the back seat of the car. He drove carefully and attentively. A drunk driver blind-sided him, but Bob's briefcase was unscathed.
Stewart entered his first marathon after a year of training. He ended up collapsing during the last mile. Someone tried to help him up but he refused. He ended up getting up on his own and walked through the finish line. He was awarded toughest runner at the end of the event.
Mai was dating Adam. She was very jealous. She saw a woman leaving Adam's house late at night. She got angry and broke all his guitars. She was arrested.
I'd never tried Japanese food. I decided to go to the sushi bar to try it. Everything on the menu looked scary. I ordered some Philadelphia rolls. They were disgusting!
Tom loved a song that came on the radio. He tried to find it everywhere. Finally a friend told him he found the song. Tom was excited to hear it again. Unfortunately his friend wound up getting the wrong one.
Jim loved collecting baseball cards. One day, his mom said she had a surprise. Jim's mom showed him a leather-clad album. He opened it to see the baseball cards arranged inside. On closer inspection, Jim saw the cards were glued in place.
I was last to bat on my baseball team. I worked hard throughout the season. I started hitting the ball harder. I ran every day to get faster. My coach rewarded me for my effort.
Ginny loved cats. She decided to purchase five. They became her best friends. She started staying at home all the time. Ginny became a cat lady.
I had oatmeal today for breakfast. I made it with milk and maple syrup. I also had a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee. I had a blueberry muffin as well. I was stuffed after this breakfast.
Joe was at school when he was told that santa isn't real. He was confused and sad. He went home and asked his mom about it. She told him if he really believed then santa would stop at their house. Joe woke up christmas morning too a bunch of presents from santa.
Tomorrow will be the first day of school for Jacky. He made sure that he has all the material he needs the night before. That night he was unable to sleep because of excitement. He ends up oversleeping and misses the bus. He has to get his dad to drop him off.
My wife had just given birth to our son. The doctor informed me that our son was mentally handicapped. I cried and feared for my son's future. Indeed, my son had a hard life growing up. But, he grew to have a stable job and lead a happy life.
I put on my jogging clothes and shoes. I walked outside to begin my run. I happily ran down the street for a few minutes. Suddenly, I felt myself lose my balance. I fell face first into the cement sidewalk.
Gabe wanted to build a house out of blocks. He built one as tall as he could. His brother had more blocks. His brother added the blocks to Gabe's house. The brothers had the biggest house they had ever built.
Kia was at a party that had just been busted by cops. They were testing every student to see who was drinking illegally. Luckily, Kia hadn't been drinking at all. They Breathalyzed her to confirm this, then let her go. Kia was glad she hadn't gotten into trouble!
Betty woke up feeling very ill. She had a sore throat and ached all over. Betty called her work and said she wouldn't be going in today. She went back to sleep and stayed asleep all day. When Betty woke up again, she felt much better.
Josh was having trouble with one of his co-workers. She always spoke condescendingly to him. Josh became very uncomfortable and depressed at work. He found a new job. Josh was much more happy at his new job.
Alvin and his family lived in Oklahoma. The television said a tornado was coming. They decided to go to Grandma's house. All of the family went into the cellar at Grandma's house. The tornado hit, but they were safe because of the cellar.
The sorority needed new furniture. They got a great deal on a new couch. The furniture store just asked the sorority to post a photo of it. They posted it to Instagram and tagged the store. Sales skyrocketed at the store in the next week.
Kate bought a new pair of pants. They were really tight. Kate decided to wear them out dancing. Within the first hour they tore in the butt area. Kate didn't notice until she got back home.
Stacy loved to play at the local playground. Her favorite thing to do was swing on the swings. One day she saw that the swings were missing. Stacy went home and told her mom. Her mom worked with the parks department to get the swings replaced.
Kate had a favorite brand of bottled water. She bought it by the gallon. It usually cost one dollar and twenty five cent for a gallon. One day it was increased to one dollar and fifty cent. She was not pleased by this increase.
Vince was a very quiet guy. One day, he started a new job. He was very timid until he met Joel. Joel showed him some tricks to start conversations with random people. Vince practiced the tactics and became confident.
Today's breakfast was special. We were in NYC. We ordered bagels from a shop. I had an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. We were happy as they don't have bagels like this at home.
The school gathered in the gym. They were going to listen to a speaker. The speaker was going to talk about saying no to drugs. The kids listened intently. The speaker made a big impression on them.
Ed started hiking with his family every weekend. At first he grew tired after just twenty minutes. But he persisted, hiking often. After a while his legs grew stronger. Soon he could easily handle four-hour hikes!
Sam really hated pickles. His friend Todd, though, really liked to play practical jokes. One day Todd made him a pb&j sandwich with a hidden pickle inside. Sam took a big bite, then spat it out and gagged on the pickle. Todd laughed and laughed and Sam's discomfort.
I arrived in my first class early in the morning. Afterwards, I waited in school for several hours for a group meetup. They ended up being an hour late to the school. When we started our presentations, they needed extra time to prepare. I ended up getting home late at night.
Gunther didn't like to leave the house. He would work from home to avoid going outside. Once, he had a business meeting in which he attended over Skype. Half way through, he stood up to get something. He forgot that he wasn't wearing pants and his boss saw his briefs.
Lucy's grandma was doing her hair. Lucy watched as she put dye in her hair. Lucy covered her nose so she didn't smell the stench. Her grandma washed the dye out of her hair. Grandma's gray hair was now brown, and the dye left no stench behind.
Eli heard a term he was very unfamiliar with. He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet. Eli sat there with his mouth open, stunned. The term meant something very, very inappropriate. Eli blushed and quickly closed that browser tab!
Cara was 16 and wanted her own car. She knew her parents couldn't afford it. Then she decided she could buy it herself. She began working in the library and saved all her money. By her 17th birthday she could buy herself her very own car!
I took care of a wild cat named Tokyo Panda Boy. One day, I noticed him stalking a bird. The bird ended up perched in a nearby tree. Amazingly, Tokyo shook the tree and the bird fell out! He immediately pounced and killed the bird.
Edna went to church yesterday. While inside  the church she noticed a lady not paying attention. The lady was using her phone and texting. Because edna is irritated with the lady she confronted her. Edna told the lady to turn off her phone or leave the church.
Ryan was a little boy and loved going to the picnic store. But his parents said that they couldn't afford anything from the store. Ryan decided to save his pocket money to go to the store. Ryan saved up enough pocket money to buy a picnic basket. Ryan's mum took him to his favourite place to get his basket.
Matt was misbehaving during lunch at school. He threw food across the table at his friend. Some of the food landed on the shirt of a girl near the friend. The girl's shirt was stained. Matt's mother made him earn enough to buy the girl a shirt.
Wally was driving his work truck in the winter. He slowed at the intersection but it was icy. Wally ended up hitting a vehicle and wally was at fault. Wally felt really bad and apologized to the other driver. No one was hurt but Wally was much more careful in the winter.
Brett is visiting Mexico on vacation. He is having a great time. A group of mexican locals ask Brett if he wants to hang out with them. Brett agrees and gets into a car. Days after happening nobody has heard anything from Brett.
I was walking to grab something to eat with my friends a while back. As we got closer to the eatery I realized that I had no money. My friend offered to pay for my meal but I said I could eat at home. Just before arriving the place I found ten dollars on the sidewalk. I was actually able to buy something for myself to eat that day.
Mac invited Jessie to the movies with him. Both teenagers were shy but sweet. To Mac's surprise, Jessie agreed to a date. During the movie, and then at dinner, they chatted nonstop. At the end of the night, Jessie asked him for a second date!
Jin and Al's father was in a coma. Their grandmother convinced them to visit the hospital. She held their hands against their father. She demanded he wake up because his children were there. Their father did not wake up.
Garth woke up and pounded the alarm clock into silence. He rolled on to his side to kiss his wife. She stared with dead eyes at the ceiling, unmoving. Garth scrambled out of bed looking for his phone. He called 911, but there wasn't anything they could do.
I rushed into the dentist since I was five minutes late. The front desk worker had to reschedule my appointment. Luckily, she told me that I can come back tomorrow. I thanked her for consideration. We said goodbye to each other before I left the place.
John went to the skate park with his friend. He tried the half pipe for the first time. John fell down going up the half pipe. Even though he fell, John wanted to try again. On his second, try he made it up!
Jordan and her friends got together yesterday for tea time. The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious. The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives. The highlight of the day was when Jordan's boyfriend came to say hello. The girls had so much fun at the end.
Carl liked Holly a whole lot. Carl got up the courage to ask her on a date. Holly said yes. They went to the amusement park and had fun. At the end of the date, they kissed goodnight.
Sally needed a dress for her event. She could not find one anywhere. She finally found the perfect one. However, it was too expensive. Sally was disappointed she couldn't buy it.
Denise went to the dentist because her tooth hurt. The dentist checked for cavities, but ultimately she had a fracture. The dentist filed the fracture off of the tooth. Later, she molded the tooth for a permanent crown. The dentist put a temporary crown on Denise's tooth.
Kelly was at a dinner fundraiser. There was a raffle and one prize was a nice guitar. She decided to enter and bought a ticket. Later, they announced the winners. Kelly won and she got the cool guitar.
Ted was excited about trying out his new lawnmower. He had recently moved to a house with a huge yard. He mounted his riding lawnmower and took it around the yard. In under 30 minutes, he managed to cut his large 4 acres yard. Ted thought his decision to spend thousands on the lawnmower was good.
Josh was very keen on skydiving. He learnt to skydive on his last holiday. When he was learning, he nearly had a big accident. His lines got twisted and he lost control. Thankfully, he managed to cut the cords and deploy his reserve.
Fred is a dog. His parents recently came back from a week long vacation. While they were away he stayed with their parents. When they came back they gave him something. It was a toy that they found while on their trip.
Monica was participating in a tennis competition. She was a point away from winning. She hit the ball as hard as she could. Suddenly, a dog ran out and caught the ball in his mouth and ran off. Monica was left in shock, and served again into the net.
Tom went out and realized that his car wouldn't start. He was able to diagnose that the battery was dead. He called a friend and got a ride to the auto parts store. Tom purchased a new battery and went home and installed it. Tom was happy to hear his car roar to life.
Kim was very excited to start her own perfume line. She started getting her materials together. When everything was set, she put them out in stores. As a result, the products sold out. Kim was thrilled.
Me and Tara go to the beach to collect sea shells. Tara has two buckets full of shells at home. She makes various decorations out of them. I told Tara that she should start a business out of it. Tara eventually did open up a buisness making things out of shells.
Amy wanted to look more adult. She decided to cut bangs in her hair. She sat in the bathroom and cut them alone. Her mother freaked out when she saw Amy had cut her hair. Her mother took her to a stylist to fix the mess.
Kelly and her friends decided to go to the candy store. The candy store was brand new. The girls got there early to get some good deals. They filled their buckets with everything. When they left they were happy.
Norm's favorite pastime was browsing used book stores for good deals. He especially liked cheaper old books in good shape. Norm found a first edition of a Hemingway novel. Norm haggled the price down due to its condition. Norm framed his prize and put it on his wall.
Drew pushed Nancy on the ground. When she got up, he didn't bother to ask if she was okay. When it was night time, Pedro went to his bed to rest. Nancy came into the room with a black marker. She drew all over his head with the marker.
Kelsi went downstairs for breakfast. She poured a bowl of cereal. She then got the milk. But after pouring it she saw it was thick and curdled. Kelsi had to throw it out and get another one.
Allie wanted to try out for the dance auditions. She was nervous she wouldn't get it. She had to wait a day to get a reply. Then the next day they posted the results. She made the team.
Matt wanted to take his new girlfriend on a date. He found that he had no money to take her out. His dad came through with a job for him. The young man mowed the lawn for the next five weeks. Matt and his girlfriend Kelly enjoyed their first date.
Anna wanted to skydive. She got her friend to sign up with her. The two girls eagerly showed up at the location. Their instructor suited them up and prepared them. They they jumped together, screaming with joy!
My nephew just moved into a new house. He needed someone to be at home for a delivery. He called his mother, B. B said she does not drive to the suburbs, and could not go. My nephew was not pleased.
Tim noticed a slightly burning smell. He got up from his work desk and look out the window. To his surprise, the building across the street was on fire. Just then, an ambulance arrived on the scene. Tim watched from his windows as the ambulance crew put out the fire.
Todd lived on a farm in Utah. He had no brothers and sisters so he played alone. He often played with the animals. People thought todd was strange because he talked to them more than pe. Years later these people brought their animals to the great vet Todd.
Jim and Tim had a bet to see who could memorize more digits of pi. One week later they met up and each could recite exactly 100 digits. For a tie breaker, they each guessed at the 101st digit. Tim guessed wrong and Jim guessed correctly. Jim won the best and Tim had to pay him $31 and 45 cents.
Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster. But he realized he had no cream cheese. So he put egg and ham between the bagels. And he forgot all about his lack of cream cheese. Tom decided to have the same thing every breakfast.
Felicia saw the man across the street. He looked hungry so she gave him some spare change. The man looked so thankful and happy. Later coming back down the same street Felicia saw the man again. He had a puppy and had used the money to buy some dog food.
His name is Tyler but he prefers to be called by his nickname, Tie Dye. He's a sixteen year old boy who is part of the youth group I lead. Like most teens, Tie Dye is quite the challenge to lead. His home life is unstable and his temperament always reflects that. He's a great guy but he needs to grow up quickly.
Gary had the ball. Billy wanted the basketball. Billy reached for it. He accidentally slapped Gary. Billy got ejected.
Ali saw a nest in her backyard tree. She watched it carefully for days. She wanted to see what lived in it. Then finally she saw a mommy robin approaching it with worms. Ali smiled as she saw the mother feed her babies.
Allie needed glasses. She had to get her eyes checked first. In the meantime she used her old ones. They were too small. Thankfully no one laughed about it.
Lucy did not have money to buy a dress for homecoming. So she made one herself out of pink and white fabric. The girls were crazy for her dress! She ended up making and selling 5 dresses in different colors. She made over $300 in just a couple of weeks.
John decided to form a band. He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band. A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments. John taught his friends how to play. Now they have a successful band.
Anna's mom was abusive. She often hit and kicked Anna. One day Anna confessed to her teacher. The teacher called the police and made a report. Anna's mom was arrested and put in jail.
The woman took the bus to the store. She went in to do her shopping. She met a friend at the store. Her friend offered her a ride home. The woman accepted her friends invitation.
The giant box containing my new reel mower had arrived. Before using the mower I had to assemble it myself. Putting together the mower was surprisingly easy. Hopefully, I began to cut the thick grass with the reel mower. It works wonderfully and easily.
Chuck looked over his shoulder. He had a feeling the bad kids were following him. He picked up the pace but he could still see them. Soon, he was running home. He escaped into his house just as they caught up with him.
Allie was going on a hike today. She loved hiking and was looking forward to the new trail she found. Once on the trail she noticed a leaf move in front of her. Curios, she kicked the leaf over to reveal a snake. Although she was scared she walked briskly away from it.
Abby recently graduated from high school and wanted a cook out. Abby invited her friends, and family from near and far. Abby's dad volunteered to man the grill at the event. However, Abby was shocked to see her grandmother had made it. Abby was filled with joy that she was enjoying her cook out.
John was at home thinking about what to eat for dinner. He went to the fridge and looked inside. He saw that he had some fish. John cooked the fish in a frying pan. He ate the fish for dinner.
Francis arrived at his job. The first thing to do was mop the floor. Francis mopped it diligently. It looked great. Francis was proud of his work.
Ella thought she was great at bowling. When her dad invited her to play, she accepted. But as they played, she frowned. She was doing very poorly! In fact, Ella lost the game by over a hundred points!
Jasmine was throwing a party. She bought a big pinata for it. The kids all took turns hitting it. Soon, it exploded. There was candy everywhere!
The teacher got ready for class. The class was cancelled. She didn't want to lose the lesson. She tried to fit it in her lesson plan. She could not fit it in.
Stan is crazy about the new iphone. He decides he has to be one of the first to have it. Stan walks downtown to the apple store and waits in line. He is the very first person in line. Stan's patience pays off as he gets to be the first to buy the iphone.
John was caught in the rain with his phone and it was ruined. He had to get a new phone that week and it had a new number. He sent a text to all of his friends to let them know. Still some people didn't have his new number. Luckily in time everyone was caught up.
Jane has been unemployed for Years. She wants a job but has had trouble finding one. Finally she gets an interview with a local newspaper. Jane works very hard to prepare for the newspaper interview. Her preparation pays off when she is offered a job!
My online chess partner played chess with me on Labor Day. He was not online again until Friday. He said he had been sick and depressed. He felt better Friday and we played 4 games. Luckily I won three games out of four.
Bill decided to paint his condo. He asked his friends what he should paint the walls. His girlfriend said yello. His best friend said blue. Bill decided to paint the condo green.
Heather had always wanted to see Paris. She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there. She did all the typical tourist things. Heather took hundreds of pictures to document her trip. She had the time of her life and had never been happier.
Eduardo was drinking a lot. He thought it would be a good idea to play darts. His friends told him not to play. But Eduardo didn't care. And one of his darts hit his friend.
Margery saw a lot of white specs on her shoulder. She brushed them off. She realized it was dandruff. She went to buy shampoo. She washed her hair and the specs went away.
Abbey wanted to go shopping after work. She remembered that she wanted new sheets. She went to many stores to find the right sheets. Abbey eventually settled on a new bed set with sheets. She put them on her bed and slept great.
I was at the gym running on a treadmill. I looked to my left and saw a woman who was also running. While she ran she was listening very loudly to music, and dancing. I was so shocked, I stopped running immediately and just stared. I fell off my treadmill and felt humiliated.
Maya is sleeping her in bed one night. She wakes up in a cold sweat. Maya rushes to her parents room. She tells them she had a very bad dream. Maya spends the rest of the night with her parents.
Ryan loves wearing sweaters. He wears sweaters as soon as it gets cold outside. He misread the weather forecast today. He thought it was going to be much colder. He was sweating in his sweater throughout the entire day.
Maddie was shopping with her mom for a wedding dress. She had narrowed her choices down to three but had one clear favorite. Meanwhile her mother insisted that another dress looked better. Maddie and her mother argued over the dress, causing Maddie to cry. Luckily, her mom realized that it was important to let Maddie pick.
Gil applied for a job at the bank. Within a week he got a call for an interview. Gil met with the president of the bank. The president loved meeting with Gil. Gil started working at the bank the next week.
Andy wanted to become a pilot. He searched for flying schools in his area. He found one fairly close to his home. After a little thought, he decided to attend. There, he earned his pilot's license.
Shantel wanted to try and grow her own lime tree. She went to Home Depot and asked the arborist for help. The arborist showed her where the lime trees were. She bought the lime tree. The lime tree is now in Shantel's backyard.
Gemma walked into the bookstore with her $250 dollar book. She went to the trade-in section and asked for the trade-in-value. The worker took her information down and researched the price. He said that it's worth $13 dollars. Gemma quickly refused and walked out of the store.
Bernie claimed to be a man of the people, and wanted to help them Bernie decided to run for president HE informed his wife, and friends He gained a strong support system He was real close to beating Hillary, but fell short
Tom needed to pay the rent. He was unable to get his check from work. By the time he got it the bank closed. Tom paid the rent late. He was assessed a late fee.
Ana was taking a tour through the desert with Berbers. They offered to let her ride a camel. At first Ana refused, thinking it was inhumane. But the guides showed her how they respected and cared for the camels. Then Ana felt better, and enjoyed a thrilling camel ride!
Ron wants to find something to do this afternoon. He decides to play his guitar for a while. Ron plays three songs that he loves. After playing he feels much better. Ron is glad that he found something to do.
I decided to pick flowers for my girlfriend. The thorns made my finger hurt. The pollen made me sneeze. I threw all of the flowers down in anger. I decided to buy the flowers to save myself the trouble.
Lois was cleaning out her house. She had tons of unused clothes, trinkets, and other belongings. All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes. Lois wasn't sure what to do with everything. She decided she would donate them to charity.
Before Hank goes grocery shopping, he makes sure to write a list. One time Hank went grocery shopping without a list. He bought lots of groceries and extra food too! When he got home, he realized that he didn't buy everything he needed. From that day on, Hank made sure to write a grocery list.
I went to the doctor. He said I needed to drink more water. I decided to buy a large gallon water bottle. I carried it with me throughout the day. Now, I was able to remember to drink enough water.
My wife retired from work recently. I am retired on disability, and have trouble walking. I used to go to the kitchen when she was working. Now that she is home I hardly see the kitchen. The other day I discovered she had replaced the strainer.
Susie found that she got sick when eating bread. She thought about getting tested for celiac. So she went to the doctor to test it, She found out she was. Now she had to change her diet.
Don't need a new chair. His cat had scratched his up. He decided to go shopping for one. However, he could not find anything he liked. Don decided to order something custom.
Mason had a hard time putting his 2 children to bed. Every night was World War 3 trying to get them into bed. One day while being tired of the same routine he hired a nanny. When he got back home his children were sound asleep at nine pm sharp. He asked what the secret was and she said it was  a simple lullaby.
Kim bought a bottle of blue nail polish. As she was painting her nails, her dog jumped on her. She was not able to grab the bottle fast enough. Her dog spilled the entire bottle on the floor. She now has a large blue stain on her wood floor.
Tom had always wanted to play poker. He was finally able to go to a friend's game. Tom did really well his first time. He had been studying the game for a long time. His friends thought he was cheating.
Tom needed to get a bank account. He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose. He tried TD bank finally. He got free candy and free pens. He signed up with TD.
Amy's laptop was on the kitchen counter after dinner. She went to bed but forgot to put her laptop away. The next morning she found her laptop on the ground. The cat had knocked it off the counter. Amy was relieved it worked, but the E key fell off.
Laura had just graduated college. She was planning on moving on California. She packed all her belongings in her car and drove 18 hours. When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things. Laura loved the new change of scenery at her new place.
Sarah's dog Max clawed at the door, ready for his morning walk. Sarah put on his leash and they headed outside. As they walked, Sarah noticed a dog park filled with other dogs. She opened the gate and let max inside the play area. Max played with several of the other dogs and had fun.
Philip went and bought a lot of meat. He carved it up and fried it. His family came home to the delicious smell. They were amazed that they were eating meat tonight. They hadn't had it in over a month.
Toby went outside to walk his dog. His neighbor was outside getting into her car. Suddenly, a man rushed by and grabbed her purse. Toby yelled at his dog to get the man. The dog ran after the man who then dropped the purse.
In elementary school we had a girl in our class named Erica. Erica was a cute girl. She had long blonde hair and pretty blue eyes. Every day she would walk into class and take her seat. All the boys in class would then yell "Erica Miss America."
Ziggy the dog sprained his leg last week. He has been walking with a visible limp. Yesterday I took him for a short walk around the block. About halfway home, he sat down and refused to move. I carried him the rest of the way home.
Someone told Stanley he couldn't do his banking today. They said it was a holiday and the banks would be closed. Stanley transferred 20k from his his CITI account. He deposited money into his Smith Barney account. Stanley showed them the stubs to prove they were wrong.
After coming home tired, I tried to a 10 minute rest. I fell asleep as soon as my head landed on the bed. However,I woke up too late in the middle of the next morning. I tried to get my belongings for school prepared. I ran off afterwards.
Arnie is a black and white dog that barks at anything out of place. One day, a stranger entered Arnie's back yard. Arnie barked and barked, alerting his owners. His owners came quickly downstairs, and the stranger left the yard. Arnie's owners gave him a biscuit for his protective behavior.
There was nothing to do and so Tommy was very bored. Suddenly, he could hear sirens. The tree across the street was on fire! Tommy watched the fireman put it out from start to finish. He was not bored after that.
I love going to the park. I found the most perfect spot to stay at. It has enough shade, but not too much. The spot is on top of a hill so I always get a slight breeze. I always picnic at this particular spot.
Sue has a math test. She has been studying all week. Sue still isn't ready for her test. When it came time for her test, Sue got sick. She was glad she could take her test later.
Chris never liked eggs. One day his girlfriend was cooking breakfast. She was making eggs and bacon. Chris did not want to hurt feelings. He ate the eggs as quickly as he could.
Poppy started going to dance school. She knew she wanted to dance but didn't know what style she favoured. After a few weeks, she was torn between two. They were ballet, and breakdancing. She worked out that there was no way of making a hybrid dance style.
John just got home from serving in the army. He was overseas and got injured in the line of duty. He got discharged right away and given a purple heart. He is upset because his injury will keep him from walking for a while. Although he is very happy to be home with his family.
Bill wanted to write a comic strip about youthful imagination. Bill created a couple of memorable characters and studied drawing. Bill's comic got syndicated and he achieved success. He closely guarded his characters, and avoided selling them out. Bill became more and more reclusive, but never lost a youthful spark.
Bill was very poor but tried to provide for his family. He worked extra hours and took a second job. He never seemed to make enough to get ahead though. On Father's day this year he told his family not to get him anything. When he woke up, his family was there with handmade gifts for him.
My friends and I were on a boat in the lake. We stopped the boat to go for a swim. I jumped into the water with my sunglasses on. I saw the glasses float deep into the lake and couldn't get them. I swam to the surface and felt very sad the whole day.
Timmy tried to apologize to his friend for being mean. Although she didn't care,he gave her a pair of keys. He also told her to look at the parking lot. She saw a new, shiny cars. She became happy and gave him a hug.
My boyfriend called me today to ask me why I love him. I told him it's because he's always there for me. I have bipolar disorder and I know I can be difficult sometimes. He sighed into the phone and said not anymore and hung up. So I guess I'm single again.
Susie had to pack a sandwich. She wanted something delicious. So she packed a tuna sandwich. Unfortunately when she tried it it was bad. It went horrible.
Adam and his girlfriend were on a date. They were going see a movie. They ran late for dinner and decided to get snacks. The snacks in the theatre were expensive. The decided to skip the snacks and had a huge dinner afterwards.
My wife had a retirement party on Saturday. About 30 people came. We had deli platters and pizza. We had a cake and sang Happy Retirement. My wife was happy.
Tim was taking a test. He always got nervous during tests. He remembered that his mother said to relax. This made him think more clearly. Tim ended up doing well on the test.
Rick played saxophone in the marching band. He was so good he received a full ride scholarship for music. He was marching on the field when he tripped over his shoelace. He fell and the saxophone cut off three of his fingers. Rick now plays the trombone.
Kevin needed to get a suit for an upcoming wedding. There was a deal on suits so he bought two. He decided to wear one out of the store. Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store. Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later.
Johnny wanted to become a monk since the day he was aware. He didn't know what they were at first but he liked their look. As he grew older and understood life better he became devoted. He knew he was destined to be a Buddhist monk and loved his life. He was shocked to find out that they fasted too much and gave up.
It was Stuart's turn at the strong man game. Stuart gripped the mallet over his shoulder and began to swing. At the top of the swing Stuart stumbled into the worker jostling him. The worker's foot dislodged from the lever that stopped the ringing. As the bell rang true, Stuart was declared the winner.
Tim was trying to buy water. He was debating between city and spring water. He studied about this online. He learned a lot about water. He ultimately decided to buy spring water.
John hated his job as a waiter. He found it unchallenging, but worked hard anyway. One day, John waited on a table with two men in suits. The men were very impressed with John's performance. The men offered John a better job at their offices, which he accepted.
Rob was used to eating three large meals a day. But he wanted to lose weight. So he set a goal of not eating for two days. But when his fast was over, he binge ate and felt terrible. Rob realized his goal was too unrealistic.
Christian challenged a stranger to battle at Pokemon Go. The stranger looked at him confused. Christian asked why he was at the Pokemon Go gym if not to battle. The stranger said he was just texting his girlfriend on his phone. Christian felt like a loser and went home.
Reese wanted to be more active. He mostly sat around the house. He wanted to be more fit. He started playing one hour outside a day. He is much more fit now.
Tim was on a camping trip. They all decided to tell scary stories. They were by the campfire. Tim was really scared by many of them. He wasn't able to sleep all night.
Melanie picked up her phone. She had a horrible text from her boyfriend. He broke up with her! She texted back but he wouldn't respond. Melanie cried for hours.
There was a three part movie that came out. Jim loved the first movie a lot. He was excited for the sequel. The sequel was terrible in comparison, though. It was so bad Jim didn't bother to watch the third.
Ashley wanted to go swimming. She went out and bought a new swimsuit. It would be the first swim of the summer. Ashley found the closest swimming facility. She had a great day of swimming fun.
Judy was nervously filing her taxes. She was always afraid of making a mistake. Suddenly, she finished the forms and saw something surprising. She was supposed to get a rather large refund check. She doubted it would happen but to her delight she really got it.
Jamie bought some fall decorations. One was a lantern for her porch. She tied an orange ribbon on it and put a candle inside. Jamie couldn't wait until the weather got cooler. She could add some mums at that time.
Today Logan is having a babysitter. His auntie is coming to babysit. They play with stickers and dinosaurs. They giggle a lot. They have a lot of fun.
The lights in the theater began to dim. I exited the emails i was reading and turned off my phone. I snuggled up with my wife on my left. The movie screen lit the room with dim light. On my right, my wife scowled as i snuggled with a stranger.
Bob went to the store to get supplies before the storm. There was no flashlights left and only candles. On the shelf was a very large blue candle. Bob bought it and brought it home. When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours.
One day Sarah and her friends decided to play in the leaves outside. Sarah kept raking piles and jumping in them. Then her friend Sonia made "leaf angels". Then they collected cool leaves and brought them inside. Everyone had a fun day.
Angel lost his job at the post office last week. He has been working there for 10 years. They laid him off due to cutbacks. After he was laid off he went to get his commercial license. Now he is a professional truck driver.
Jen ran out of the house with her bag and cup. She was running late for work. When she got to work she could not find her cup. She searched in her car and in her bag. Then she realized she put it on top of her car.
Tom loved live music. He looked online to find local live music venues. He frequented the establishments. He loved listening to live music at different venues. Tom was very happy to hear new bands play regularly.
Gram had been invited to his niece's talent show. He thought it'd be boring. But to his surprise, his niece was a great singer and dancer! Afterwards, she asked him if he'd enjoyed it. Gram could honestly tell her that he'd loved the show!
When I arrived, one of the vehicles was still burning. I grabbed the inch and a half hose and raced to the blaze. As I threw the water on the flames, the bumper blew off. I'd approached from the side like I'd been taught. It flew by me and harmlessly hit a tree to my right.
My grandma once accompanied me on a field trip. She kindly made lunch for me. As we were on the school bus, I started on my sandwich. Stuck to the inside of the bread was a cockroach! I didn't want to hurt my grandma's feelings so I ate the other half.
I was unsure of where to go with my career. So, I decided to go back to school for Massage Therapy. I got great grades in school, and excelled in my studies. Toward the end of my schooling, my school shutdown. I was devastated, but decided to do massage therapy on my own.
Plague infested fleas  were carried by  asian gerbils. European ships traded with asians in asia. The gerbils would get on the ships. The ships returned home with them aboard. The asian fleas brought plague to europe.
Jane had gotten a new pair of skates for her birthday. She was really excited to try them out. She put them on and rolled out onto the sidewalk. She was off like a flash, rolling around the town. She spent all day skating, she was so happy with her new skates.
Tom bought a new car. It was a very fast car. He thought the car was made to be driven fast. He drove the car fast. He had a great time.
Matthew got married in West Virginia. But his family was from Kentucky. They all carpooled to get there. It was a very long drive. But they made it there for his happy day!
Lisa loved fashion design. She always followed the latest trends. Once, she was stopped in the street by a fashionista. Lisa was told that her style was excellent. This was the best compliment she'd ever received.
Sonja posted an essay on her blog about the issues Black women face. Non-Black women decided to chime in to nullify what Sonja wrote. Sonja responded  to several women with fact based rebuttals. Of course several women decided to tone police Sonja. Having had enough, Sonja deleted her account and left social media.
Tom's birthday was last month. His parents threw him a nice party. There was a table full of gifts. Tom had trouble opening them all. Luckily I got to help him open them.
Sean and Sara were chatting on the bus ride home. Suddenly a car crash caused the bus to pause. During the wait, Sean and Sara had a long fun conversation. The crash delayed them by thirty minutes. By the time the bus ride finally ended, the two friends were closer.
Martha was getting teased at school because of her hair. She decided she wanted to do something about it. Martha begged her mom for 50 dollars. Next she went to the hair salon for a haircut. Martha walked out with a brand new do.
The kids were mixing chemicals together. They added one more thing and it exploded. They ran to get their parents. They were in so much trouble! The kids were grounded for a month.
James made a helpful tutorial about scripting. He posted it freely on Youtube for everyone to see. He linked it to the forum where all the AMT workers hung out. Everyone told James he'd done a wonderful job. Two posts later a new member asked how he could learn to script.
John was playing piano. Everytime he hit a particular note, it made a strange buzz. At first he ignored it, but it started to bother. He got up from the bench and looked at the strings. A paper had fallen in the piano and was on top of strings.
Victoria was a paralegal that always wanted to be a lawyer. She took the LSAT three times and was not able to pass. She pretty much gave up on the idea of law school. One day a co-worker offered to help her pass the test. Victoria studied hard and with the help, she passed the LSAT.
The troops were closing in. There were bullets flying every direction. Our general loosed a war cry and charged into the fray. Inspired by his bravery, we followed after. Impossibly, we all survived to tell the tale.
Tom decides that he can no longer afford the expensive rent in Ithaca. He begins to research nearby places that have cheaper rent. Finally Tom finds a nice apartment in Cortland with reasonable rent. With help from many friends, Tom moves to Cortland. Now that he lives in Cortland Tom saves hundreds of dollars per month.
Dan connected a shopping cart to a truck using a string. He sat inside of the cart while his brother drove the cart. Both vehicles were moving. When Dan's brother made a turn, Dan fell out of the cart. He fell on the road.
Tim hated dogs. They always barked at him. Sara said it was because he didn't have his own dog. Tim decided to buy a dog. To his surprise, he loved the dog he bought.
Gina's friend Tami wanted to know where Gina was going. Gina was trying to get close to her crush Jamie. But she didn't wanted to keep it private. Time was running out, so she pretended to be walking for exercise. To her dismay Tami decided to join her.
Tommy got a friend to film his wedding. His friend held the camera ready to film. Tommy's friend steadily held the camera for the ceremony. Right before the end, the battery died. Tommy and his wife were grateful for what was captured on film.
Three models walked down the runway. One of them slipped and fell. The other two laughed rudely. The one who fell was sad. After the show she sat crying by herself.
Joe's chimney caught fire one night. He woke to the smell of smoke. He hurried to get his wife and kids to safety. He lost his home, but he didn't care. He was just glad his family was safe.
Jill loved fresh orange juice. She decided to buy a juicer and make her own. She also bought a large supply of oranges. When Jill set up the juicer, she couldn't figure it out. She finally got it to work and had orange juice every morning.
I wanted to learn how to juggle so I signed up for a class. I showed up for the first class and the instructor was a clown. He taught us the basics of juggling three balls. He then asked us to try juggling like he taught us. After a lot of practice, I was able to juggle!
I went to a casino hoping to play slot machines. An old friend of my was at the casino. He invited to play blackjack. I didn't know how to play it. However, my friend guide me through it.
Klaus examined the dead body in the woods. He concluded that the murder happened very recently. He heard a twig snap behind him. Klaus concluded it was a squirrel and kept working. The murderer jumped from behind him and stabbed Klaus.
My lights went out in my hallway. I went to my laundry room and grabbed lightbulbs. I went to the hallway and unscrewed the glass cover. I unscrewed the light bulbs and replaced them. I replaced the glass cover and turned on the lights.
Our two year old granddaughter is acting up. Last week she hit her mom. When she refused to apologize she got a timeout. She finally said she was sorry. Her mom was not amused.
Anna missed her parents very often. Anna played songs on the piano they used to play for her. The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old. Her kids played it eventually, and continued after she died too. The piano was passed on to their children eventually as well.
Gina's mom called her into the living room. She questioned Gina about losing her key. Gina didn't know where the key was. But she wasn't about to tell her mother that. She made up a lie about leaving it as school and walked away.
Carla made a plan to remodel her downstairs bathroom. She went to the supply store for paint, tile and tools. Carla and her friend Tim ripped out the old bathroom. Once it was clear, they painted, tiled and caulked the room. Upon completion, Carla was very happy with her new bathroom.
Fred was going to make sure he didn't end up like his dad. His dad abused his mom and never provided for his family. Fred found a good job and got married. He supported his family and never abused them. Fred was proud of his own accomplishments.
Gina was ready to go back to her classroom. But she hadn't seen the principal yet. In her boredom she began to daydream. She imagined she had already seen the principal and wasn't in trouble. Just then the door opened to the principal's office.
Poptarts are Bill's favorite food. Bill woke up this morning and he was out of them. Bill had to go to the store. On the way, Bill wrecked his car. Now, Bill cannot drive himself to the store for poptarts.
Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class. During the run, he saw another student pulling ahead of him however. When his teacher wasn't looking, Trey tripped the student. After the run, everyone was impressed by Trey's time. And his teacher gave him an award in front of the whole class.
The Smith family went to the same beach every summer. This summer there were 3 sea turtle nests in front of their cottage. A ranger put a wire enclosure over the nests to keep predators out. The children checked the nests every morning. Finally, one nest was dug up, but they didn't get to see baby turtles.
Joan shopped for a gift to impress her new mother-in-law. She tossed her purse on the floor with the wrapping supplies. A packet of gas relief tablets fell out of the purse onto the paper. Joan finished wrapping and presented the gift. Her mother-in-law looked strangely at Joan as she unwrapped it.
I love socks, and have many pairs. One day, I realized many pairs of my socks were missing. I couldn't find them anywhere. Then, I discovered a pile of socks beneath the couch. The cat had been taking them and hoarding them under the couch.
Janice and Bill decide to play a game of basketball together. Bill thinks he will win easily because he is very tall. However, Janice is a great player and she beats him. As they are walking home Bill feels embarrassed that he lost. Bill tells Janice he doesn't want to play basketball with her again.
Tom loved burritos. He went to Taco Bell to get some food. He ordered and then drove to the window to pick it up. He held out his hand to grab the bag but the food fell to the ground. Three burrito supremes were lost that day.
Two brothers grew up by the water. They played in the water everyday. When they were 10 their mom bought them a sail boat. They sailed everyday. The two brothers grew up and sailed around the world.
Oscar got a set of drums for his 15th birthday. He loved the set and started playing right away. He got good pretty fast but annoyed his parents with his practice. Eventually they had to take the drums away. Oscar had to give up on his dream of becoming a drummer.
Jon was pre-dental. He has taken all his classes to attend dental school. His DAT scores were great. He was waiting on his acceptance to dental school. Jon was accepted to dental school.
Jane was set up on a blind date. She was excited for it. Unfortunately there was no physical attraction. He was awkward and annoying. Jane cut the date short.
My niece's daughter is applying to colleges. She wants to be a nurse. My niece does not want her daughter to go far away. Her daughter just got into a college 800 miles away. They argued about her choice, with no resolution.
Roy was cooking an elaborate meal. He was watching a cooking show as a guide. But then the on-air chef pulled out ingredients Roy didn't have! He had to make some last-second substitutions. Luckily, Roy's meal was still very tasty.
Sam loved to fish. He would go out onto the lake often. One day he caught a huge fish! He took his eyes off it for one second and it flopped away! Sam wanted the fish so badly he dived in after it!
My friend Steve bought a new car last month. On Friday night his warning light panel went on. It showed an oil icon and the words fifteen percent. He did not drive all weekend, and called the dealer on Monday. They told him to change his oil.
Dawn won the spelling bee. She got a huge trophy. Dawn displayed it on her bookshelf. She showed it off when her friend came to visit. Dawn was so proud!
Jim enjoyed walking around his local mall. But he noticed that they were remodeling many old parts. After the remodeling was finished, most people liked the changes. But Jim no longer felt the same connection with the mall. He no longer walked around the mall.
Tim constantly procrastinated when doing homework. He waited until the last minute to complete his music final. He only had two days to write an orchestral piece. He did not do his best and he turned in what he could. He vowed never to wait until the last moment to finish homework again.
Roscoe is a hiker. One day he hikes the tallest mountain in the world. He rests at the top. While resting he falls off the mountain. Roscoe died loving what he loved to do.
I went to a party last weekend. There were a lot of people there I didn't know. I played a lot of games with them. While playing I got to know them pretty well. Now I have a lot of new friends.
Harry's wife wanted a shake. He grabbed his keys to grab it. He bought the shake at the store. He drove home. His wife was so happy!
Charles took his glider out to the field near his house. He launched the glider but it fell into the pond. Charles waded in after his glider. When he got back to the car, his mother scolded him. She made Charles walk all the way home because he was dirty.
Levi was riding an ATV in a vast forest track. Suddenly, Levi's ATV began to shake and break down. Levi climbed off of the ATV and tried to resolve the issue. Just when he almost gave up, the ATV began to work again. Levi hopped on the ATV and drove away.
Lucy and her grandma were ready to checkout at the store. Her grandma was in a hurry and ready to leave. Lucy begged to use the self checkout. Her grandma agreed and let Lucy ring up the groceries. Her grandma regretted her decision as she waited for Lucy to finish.
Gina's parents wanted to buy a home. They were certain they had found the house they wanted. They took Gina and her siblings to see the house. It was a nice big house. Gina thought her family would be very happy there.
Adam was a great construction worker. He knew how to do almost anything. He got a job with a friend's company building houses. Adam did a good job. Adam got a raise for doing such a good job.
Tom was cat sitting for a friend. One day the cat accidentally ran out. Tom chased after it for a while. His friend got back and told him it was okay. The cat often went outside with no issues.
Betty has been working on some new hairstyles for me. She is so creative. I love the styles she comes up with. She will be coming over today. I cannot wait to see what she does.
Jim wanted to learn to play the guitar. Jim was able to buy a guitar and tried to learn on his own. Jim decided he needed some help. Jim's friend agreed to teach him to play the guitar. Jim learned the guitar and enjoyed playing his favorite rock songs.
Micah was a straight A student who often helped others around. His mother thought he was an angel and often talked about him. She thought he could do no wrong and that he was the perfect student. One day she got a call from the local jail downtown. Her ideal son was caught selling ecstasy and was facing the worst time.
One cold morning, A fisherman was alone out on his boat. The fish were not biting, but he knew to be patient and wait for them. After hours of waiting, a fish bit and the fisherman reeled it in. The fisherman sighed, the fish was small enough to fit in his hand. He let the fish go, hoping his kindness would bring him luck.
Tim was excited for christmas. He didn't ask for much. On christmas day there were tons of presents. His dad had gotten his dream job. Tim started believing in miracles.
Tammy wanted a new puppy. Her mother would not let her get one. She worked hard to show her mother she was responsible. She did a lot of chores around the house. Her mother got her the puppy.
In the desert of New Mexico there are lots of nasty critters. I was taught to be careful of rattlesnakes and scorpions. My husband grew up back east where they didn't have so much open land. The first time a centipede crossed his path he screamed like a girl. That was just about the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Sam and Don were arguing because their computer would not turn on. Sam blamed Don because Don used it last. Don asserted himself by slamming his hand on the computer. The computer turned on. And Sam apologized to Don.
The kids were watching a really dumb movie. The plot had a lot of mistakes in it. They watched it skeptically. When it was finished, they decided it was the worst movie they'd ever. The swore to never watch it again.
Eve loved chocolate chip cookies. She baked them from scratch. She added her special ingredient of pure vanilla to make them better. Eve gave extras to her parents. Chocolate chip cookies are good for all occasions.
Jessica was extremely depressed and needed medication. She was trying a new brand and at first only one thing happened. She gained a ton of weight on the drug and almost quit it. Luckily she began to notice the meds making her feel better. She decided that the weight gain was worth feeling happy.
Matt went to see a movie with his friends. They got to the theater and found some seats. They watched the movie and thought it was funny. They left the theater and got dinner nearby. They enjoyed eating dinner and discussing the movie together.
Lucas was playing basketball with his friend. His friend accidentally threw the basketball over the fence. Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp. Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball. Suddenly, a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away.
I found a letter he had written. It was to an old girlfriend. He was begging her to take him back. I was sickened when I realized it was recent. Now I know I cannot trust him to stay.
Bob was a college graduate who had just finished school. He already had a few jobs to choose from in order to make a living. After reviewing his options, Bob decided he did not like any of them. He decided to take his chances on a job he would have to apply for. After a few months, Bob ended up in the job he wanted.
Jen loves her aunt's new kitten. She played with the kitten all day before having to go home. Jen wanted to get her own kitten, so she asked her mom that night. Sadly, Jen began to sneeze and get a runny nose. Turns out Jen is allergic to cats and she cannot get a kitten.
Gary worked as a pizza delivery man. One day he yelled at a customer for being rude. His boss fired him for doing this. It took a very long time for Gary to find a new delivery job. After this experience, he vowed never to snap at a customer again.
The clouds rolled in. The storm caused massive damage. The people worked together. They fixed the massive storm damage. The community grew stronger from the calamity.
Janette started a drive from Dallas to Wichita. On the outskirts of Denton, her stomach started to hurt. She then bought some crackers to settle her stomach. After 2 hours, she checked into the local emergency room. The main surgeon of the hospital removed her appendix just in time.
Kevin considered himself a good chess player. He was at a park with outside games once. An old hobo asked him to play. Kevin obliged and lost badly Kevin was humbled and decided to learn to play better.
Adrian was an aspiring musician. He was completing his first concert recital at a pianist. Months of practice led up to that moment. When Adrian finished his final song, he waited nervously. The crowd erupted into applause.
Our son turns 27 this week. We gave him money for an Xbox. He was going to combine the cash with a Best Buy gift card he had. He looked everywhere for his card and thought he lost it. Luckily he found the card and was able to get his birthday gift.
Caroline decided to take a surfing class at the beach. She rented a surfboard and went out with her instructor. Every time she tried, she ended up falling off and into the water. After the day of hard work, she decided surfing wasn't for her. Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach.
Zane had always liked animals. He went to school for zoology. He saved up and learned all about running a zoo. One day he saw an add about a family of orphaned zebras. He decided to begin his zoo starting with the poor family of zebras.
In high school we had to run a mile on a regular basis. I dreaded the day each time it came. I was always one of the last students to finish the mile. When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster. I met my goal and was very proud of myself.
Nick wanted to get a pet. His dad took him to the pet store. At the pet store they looked at different kinds of animals. Nick ended up liking a dwarf hamster. Nick's dad bought him the dwarf hamster.
I hate learning how to swim at the community center. Everyone's little kids while I was a teenager. To make matters worse all the kids pee in the pool. Seeing the pool turn yellowish makes me sick. I don't want to be swimming in pee!
Jim heard the doorbell ring. He wasn't expecting company. He opened the door. There was a guy selling magazines. Jim bought a subscription.
Jenny's mom told her that her shorts were too short. She ignored her mother and went to school with them. While she was at school, she was stopped by her principal. He called her mom and had her come to school. Jenny was grounded for a month and no longer owns her short shorts.
Gary recently had a brief work stay in Miami, Florida. Gary just knew it was going to be hot, so he packed summer clothes. However, to Gary's surprise, it was seasonably cold. Gary located the nearest Walmart, and bought a jacket and long johns. Gary was disappointed that his warm weather expectations were not met.
Bart was looking forward to going to the movies. He picked out a movie and a showtime. He arrived at the theater and discovered they were giving free popcorn. Bart was happy to see his movie with free popcorn. Bart had a good time and enjoyed the movie.
My aunt purchased a small store space. She filled it with collectibles and party favors. She used her huge helium machine for balloons. The balloons became her best seller. Everyone in town started going to her for party supplies.
Vicky unknowingly committed a crime through her business. She signed some fraudulent documents without reading them. The FBI was investigating her business and she had no idea. Turns out that she was signing fraudulent documents. She was arrested and is spending a year in jail.
Richard and his friends were walking through a golf course. They began walking down a sidewalk that led into a wide open field. While in the middle of the field, it began to rain very hard. Richard and his group ran into a small bathroom building. Half an hour later, the rain stopped and they continued walking.
My sister got bit by mosquitoes. The mosquitoes left red welts on her legs. My mom told my sister not to scratch the welts. My sister scratched the welts anyway. She was left with horrible scabs on her legs.
Mark wasn't feeling very well. He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine. There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure. Just then the pharmacist came and offered help to Mark. Mark got the medicine he needed and felt better in two days.
Pete needed to wash his windows. He positioned his ladder in front of the first window. Pete sprayed the window with liquid cleaner. Then, he wiped the window with a squeegee. Finally, he dried the window with a cloth.
I watched a documentary. It was about climate change. I talked to my husband about the implications of such changes. We agreed completely on the subject. Together, we decided to start recycling.
Kelli did not think her brother would be in the championship. So she scheduled a date with her friend. But then she decided to go to the game. So she cancelled the date. Then she decided not to go to the game.
The man ordered a pizza with pesto. They made the pizza with red sauce. He took the pizza home. His wife took a bite. She spit it out on the floor in surprise.
I traveled to the Gulf Coast of Florida in March 2015. I was on vacation with my mother visiting friends. We went and visited two beaches close by on the Gulf of Mexico. Eventually the peaceful vacation erupted in a physical altercation. We took a cooling off period from alcohol and returned to Boston.
Michael got home and noticed the mail on the counter. There was a large yellow envelope waiting for him. He recognized the special seal on it. Nervously, he opened the envelope and read the letter. He got accepted into college.
Maria walked with her 4-year old daughter into her class. As soon as her daughter walked into the class, she began to cry. The teacher tried to show her a gift. However, she continued to cry. She eventually stopped after an hour.
I once walked into a small Paris shop and asked for soap for hair. The shopkeeper looked at me strangely and wrote down an address. I traveled halfway across the city to the store. This time when I asked, I was given a bottle with a horse on it. Turns out I had confused the French words for horse and hair.
Marissa was fascinated with snakes and kept two ball pythons as pets. Before she left for work this morning, she fed them in secure cages. When she returned home, she found the cages  were open and empty. Marissa notified the police who think someone freed them on purpose. Her neighbors are now on edge and are keeping their small pets inside.
Ken was nervous about buying a used car. He had a friend go with him. They went over most aspects of it. Ken finally felt confident enough to buy it. He got it for a decent price and still drives it years later.
Kate was making popcorn for her niece and nephew. She had a jar of corn kernels. The kernels were making a pinging sound as they hit the pot top. The kids came into the kitchen to find out what the sound was. The kids had never seen person cook popcorn on the stove.
The lady was inspired by a senior citizen she saw run a marathon. She decided she was going to make running one her goal. When she started running, she didn't realize how hard it would be. She trained really hard in all type of weather for many months. She felt amazing when she crossed the finish line of her first race.
Bob nailed Jed with a dodgeball as hard as he could. Jed went down to the gym floor in pain. Tears flooding his eyes, Jed glared at Bob. Bob pointed and laughed at Jed mockingly. Jed got so mad, he punched Bob right in the face!
Tom's girlfriend called and wanted to have picnic. Tom went to the store and bought things for the picnic. Him and his girlfriend walked to the park. They laid on the grass and eat food and drank liquids. They had a good time.
Colin loved his red shovel. He would dig holes in the yard all day. One day it rained and Colin left his shovel outside. The shovel became buried under mud and Colin couldn't find it. Colin cried until his mother bought him a new shovel.
Terry hated heating the soup up for her restaurant. It took forever. She wanted an easier way to do it. She put the soups in a steam table and let it do the work. She is now free to do other things while her soups heat up.
Cindy was excited to cook dinner. She bought all the ingredient for spaghetti. However, when she got home she realized she forgot the sauce. Cindy had to go back to the grocery store. The dinner turned out perfect.
Lisa went to the mall. She went to the makeup store. Lisa then tried on a lot of makeup. She liked it a lot. She then purchased them.
At a store, I found the perfect men's t-shirt to wear as a nightshirt. However, it was priced at $4, which was more than I wanted to spend. The cashier said the item should have been in the women's department. That department had all shirts discounted to $1. So I got the shirt for a very cheap price after all.
Devin liked to climb the big tree in the backyard. Her mom told her not to climb too high, or she might break a bone. One day, Devin climbed to the top of the tree. She misstepped and came tumbling all the way down. Just like her mom predicted, she broke a bone in her arm.
Steven has a bad headache that has lasted for hours. He went to the doctor and the doctor asked about his diet. Turns out Steven's diet is bad and he lacks fruits and veggies. Steven promised the doctor he'll eat better. He ate lots of fruits and veggies for a month and he felt better.
It started off as just another day at work for JD. He dredged into work, made his coffee, and plopped down at his desk. Almost immediately, an attractive colleague approached him. Her friend backed out on a music festival and she invited JD to join. JD smiled and immediately agreed to go with her.
I work as a secretary. There was a bin in the office that was full of paper. My boss told me to call maintenance to get rid of it. I called maintenance, but they said it was too heavy to move. I had to remove half of the paper so that they could move it.
Sam joined the Army when he was barely 18. By the time he got out he had a college education. Now Sam works as a fireman and paramedic. His family is so proud of who he has become. The Army made a man out of Sam.
Janis had a hard job. She was overworked and had no paid time off. She decided to quit her job. Now, she was free to do as she pleased. Alas, her savings quickly ran out and she had to get a job.
June was an excellent worker. He got the most sales. So he expected to get the promotion. However, her boss gave it to another co worker. He said she missed to many days of work.
Wendy was working in a fast food place. She was making tacos for a customer. When all the sudden the customer shouted at her. He told her she wasn't making the tacos right. Wendy got mad and threw the taco at the customer.
My sister in law's grandson is 25. He has not worked a steady job since graduating from high school. Recently he moved from MA to Arizona to find himself. A month later, he returned to Boston. The rumor is he has a substance abuse problem.
Jon lived in a quaint town in Holland. There was a giant windmill in the center of town. He liked to sit near it and enjoy the weather. Jon invited his American friends to come visit. He wanted to show them the beautiful windmill.
Carrie liked to take long walks down the road. One day, a skinny cat staggered out of the bushes beside the road. Carrie wrapped the cat up in her sweater and took it home. Carrie fed the cat and made it a warm bed. The cat became Carrie's favorite pet.
The man bought some candy for his wife. He opened the box to eat one. He ended up eating the whole box. His wife saw the empty box. He told her they were for her.
I asked a friend if they'd ever seen the stars with a good telescope. They told me they hadn't. So I invited them to come over and have a look-see. My friend came over that same night and we used my scope. They were amazed that most of the stars were really constellations!
Mike had just bought some pre-made sandwiches from the store. He was at home about to eat them. He noticed that the lettuce was very limp and wilted. Luckily he had his own lettuce. He threw theirs out and replaced it with fresh lettuce.
Katie was cooking with peppers. She was being careful not to touch her eyes. She got distracted and forgot about the peppers. All of a sudden, Katie's eyes were on fire. She never worked with peppers again.
Carl forgot his English book. So a classmate, Zach, was told to share with him. Zack was annoyed that he had to share books. But Carl later apologized to Zack. After class, they talked to each other and became friends.
Billy and James went fishing one day. The boys bet on who would catch the most fish that day. They sat in Billy's boat all day long. Neither boy caught any fish. They both went home empty handed.
Cindy was planning to grow a lot of vegetables this year. She planted vegetable seedlings in her garden. Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area. She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it. The groundhogs climbed over the fence and ate her seedlings.
Steel met a barmaid named Lesley. They fell in love. He asked her to marry him. She said yes. They are now living happily ever after.
I was in my apartment with my roommate. I felt hot, while my roommate felt cold. When I turned on the AC, he was uncomfortable. I had an idea. I simply turned on a small fan for myself so he wouldn't be cold.
Erin was getting tired. So she fell asleep. She woke up feeling frazzled. She remembered she missed a job interview. She was going to be late so she ran out.
Samantha's sister was very pretty. Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her. They all thought she had a boyfriend. Samantha's sister never had a boyfriend! She would have dated anyone who talked to her!
Rina is a dog-walker. She loves dogs more than anything else. She looks forward to work every day. Rina is so happy when she takes out her little furry clients. She is so thankful for her job.
When I was a teenager, I broke my wrist. A few years later, I started working in a restaurant. I couldn't bear the weight of a full tray of drinks on my wrist. A family came in and ordered 12 Pepsis. I spilled them all on the father's lap.
Tania couldn't believe her luck. She found a four leaf clover in her backyard. She stuck it inside one of her school books. Tania then hides it where no one else can find the book. A couple days later the book with the clover inside was lost.
Gabe was drinking a glass of water in his bed. His friend jumped into his bed. Gabe spilt the water all over his bed. Gabe stripped down his bed. He put new sheets on the bed.
Amy decided to take a trip with her Christmas bonus. She planned the trip and paid in advance. On December 21st she was informed there would be no bonus this year. Amy checked but was unable to receive a refund for the trip. Amy decided she would enjoy her trip regardless.
The new iPhone was going on sale. Kelly really wanted it. She immediately bought it. When she got it she loved it. She showed her friends.
The men were on a trip. THey were riding their ATVs through the forest. They rode through creeks and down ravines. After a full day of riding, they were exhausted. It had been a great adventure.
Tori had a feeling her boyfriend was being unfaithful. She'd even contemplated snooping in his phone. One day she overheard her him telling someone else he loved them. Tori threw all of his stuff outside. She's still hurt over the breakup.
Ann was a teacher at a local school. One day she gave her students a test. She caught a student cheating on the test. She sent the student to the office. She picked up the student's test and gave him an F.
Toni bought a beautiful new leather couch for her living room. The only problem was that no one wanted to sit in it. Everyone thought it was very uncomfortable. Toni was disappointed but she had to agree that it wasn't comfortable. Toni sold the couch and bought a used couch that was more comfortable.
Marie was terrible at keeping secrets. As soon as someone would tell her one, she'd tell it to someone else. Her friends told her many time to learn discretion. But Marie couldn't help it and still told every secret she learned. Eventually no one told her anything so the secrets were safe.
Lisa was excited that she had a brand new box of crayons. Crayons were best when they were new with pointy edges. She had a new coloring book, too. She stayed inside all morning to color. Her mother hung one of her masterpieces on the refrigerator.
Carly had just arrived home from the store and was closing her garage. Suddenly before the door shut, a bird flew in. The creature panicked, flying back and forth hitting walls. Carly shrieked in fear as she tried to guide the bird out. To her relief the bird finally found the exit and hurried away.
The smiths decided to go on vacation to the Grand Canyon. They had never been there before. They traveled there by car. When they got there they took a lot of pictures. The family had a lot of fun.
Betty got detention. She snuck out of detention. Her teacher caught her sneaking out. She gave her twice as much detention. Betty finished her detention.
Terra had a birthday party at the park. Her friends brought gifts. They sat in a circle to watch Terra open them. Terra got three identical soccer balls from three friends. Terra and her friends laughed at the coincidence.
Ken was visiting family for the holiday. It was always a stressful time. He tried to stay as little as possible. His family guilt tripped him into staying longer. Ken was happy to finally leave.
Molly purchased tomato seeds for herself. She bought green pepper seeds for her sister. She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting. Unfortunately she had gotten the seeds mixed up. She had peppers and her sister had tomatoes.
When I was a kid I wanted nothing more than to grow up. With each year I would impatiently wait to become 20 years old. When I was 20, I waited impatiently to be 40. When I was 80, I was on my death-bed and I wished I was young again. I realized I had forgotten to enjoy the journey.
The man put ketchup on his hamburger. He put too much on. He used some french fries to gather some ketchup. He shoved them into his mouth. Ketchup dripped down his chin.
Jane bought a new dress. It fit a bit tight. She figured it would stretch. Instead it ripped. She had to go home and change.
Tom was getting married. His wife and him had a favorite song. The dj was supposed to play it for their first dance. Unfortunately he messed it up and got a different song. Tom talked to him and had hid dance later.
Mary and Lucy were playing in the park. Some little boy came to them. He took the ball from Lucy. He kicked it far away from them. Lucy started to cry.
Bradley loves to play the drums. He practices every day in his bedroom. One day, his friend hears him playing. He invites Bradley to join his band. Now, Bradley performs all over the world!
Cade is a very fast runner. But there is a bully in his class that is slow. The bully pushes Cade down every time they go to class. Finally, Cade decides to push the bully back. Now Cade needs to run extra fast to get away from the bully.
My nephew recently bought a house in Stoughton. He was home when his mother in-law Teresa visited. Teresa got into a fight with her daughter. Teresa then thought she lost a pill in the house. He told her to leave and not come back.
Did you see that rainbow today? It was so pretty. I have not seen one in a while. I stopped and looked at it for a while. Rainbows always make me feel happy.
Wendy loved to cook, but had no money. Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking. Wendy tried baking some goods, and selling them one day. Wendy made so much money, she was able to pay her bills. Nowadays, Wendy does what she loves, and also pays her way cooking.
Howard had an unusual pet. It was a duck with a big orange beak. It would follow him around the yard. Sometimes Howard would give it snacks. The duck was a great companion.
Carrie loved collecting movie memorabilia. She went to a convention and bought a lot of Star Wars merchandise. At the convention, she met a few people who shared her obsession. The like-minded group made plans to get together in the future. They all had a great time comparing collections and sharing stories.
Allie spent a long time putting her makeup together. When she stepped outside though it started to rain. Her makeup was dripping. It was ruined. Allie was so disappointed.
Martin is the star player. He has a chance to win the game. The ball is thrown to him. He reaches out to catch it. He misses it and loses the game.
Ned was a high school football coach. During the championship game his team was losing at halftime. He rounded up his whole team in the locker room. He gave a rousing speech about how hard they had to fight. His team lost but only by one point which made Ned happy.
Tom was handing out candy to trick or treaters. But when the night was over, he had lots of leftover candy. Rather than giving it away, he impulsively ate it all. But for two days he felt bloated and sick. The next Halloween, however, he couldn't help but do the same thing.
Fred was at a restaurant with his friends. Feeling adventurous, he decided to order a plate of frog legs. But after it arrived, he regret ordering it. But he had no choice but to finish it. When Fred got home, he felt completely sick.
Kate threw a frisbee to her dog. The dog caught the frisbee. It brought it back to her. She threw it again. This time the dog missed.
Tom wanted to do well on his test. And he knew it was important to eat a nutritious breakfast. So he had a banana, eggs, toast, and granola. But during his test, he felt very full. And Tom could barely concentrate.
Nikki is an avid jogger. She jogs every day when she gets home from school. Her current goal is to run five miles. She reaches her goal in six weeks. Nikki is delighted and feels successful.
Joe decided to order a pizza. He wanted to be different, so he ordered one with pineapple. Joe enjoyed the taste, but his friends didn't. His friends promised that he would never get to order for them again. Joe was sad, and ate all of his troubles away.
Priya and her friends met up at a volleyball court. They have been playing together for over a year. They've gotten a lot of attention locally. People from their town like to watch them play. Peerya and her friends are glad that they are getting recognized.
Tim was pretty lazy. He decided to stop shaving. He figured having a beard was less trouble. Unfortunately his work didn't like it. Tim was forced to go back to shaving.
Keri's cousin invited her to the farm to see her new kittens. When Keri got there, her cousin took her to the barn. The kittens were up in the loft with the mama cat. Keri had always been too afraid to go up in the loft. Keri kept her eyes on the kittens as she climbed up.
Kenneth has been looking forward to his field trip for weeks. Tomorrow was finally the field trip. The next morning, he threw up. Kenneth got the flu. He had to miss his field trip.
My car was old. I needed to buy a new one. I shopped around. I went to a Honda Dealer. I bought a honda civic.
Will played goalie on a terrible hockey team. Because his team was so awful, Will face an unending stream of shots. He actually managed to block an astonishing percentage of the shots. But Will was disheartened when his team lost by over twenty goals. Although tempted to quit, Will decided to play again the next week.
Wanda was trying to potty train her daughter. She put up a sticker board in the bathroom. Each time her daughter used the toilet she got a sticker. Her daughter loved putting stickers on the chart. Before long, Wanda's daughter was potty trained.
Andrew wanted to go to Miami. But he was insecure because of his weight. Andrew made a plan to lose weight. He started to work out. Andrew lost weight and had a good time at Miami.
The new project would have been huge. She slammed the phone down angrily. The deal had fallen through. She left the house. She went out for a stiff drink and a massage to help her feel better.
Tina went shopping online. She bought a shirt she thought looked cute. To her surprise though it looked rather ugly. Tina was kind of embarrassed when she tried it on. She had to send it back.
Andy only had rolled oats to eat at his house. But it was too hot to make oatmeal. So he decided to order some sandwiches. After waiting for hours, they finally arrived. But by then, the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal.
I let my girlfriend pick out a movie last night. She picked a romantic comedy. It wasn't that funny to me. I still played along and had a good time. We were both pretty happy by the end.
Sara bought tickets to a concert. The concert was outdoors. On the night of the concert, it rained. The concert was cancelled. Sara wasted her money.
Alicia recently wore a hair clip she got from her mother. As Alicia was taking down her hair, she realized the clip was missing. Alicia began searching frantically for the hair clip, with no luck. In addition, Alicia, asked her children if they saw the hair clip. Alicia was brokenhearted that she lost her mother's hair clip.
Tom was on his last tour in Iraq. The war was mostly over. He was just out on patrol when his squad got ambushed. Tom was hit and had to lose a leg. Back home he had to learn how to use a prosthetic.
Slambo Jambo liked to eat rice. He like it so much, he decided to buy a rice paddy. He went to China to see about purchasing one. They refused him, as he was a foreigner. He tried his hardest, but eventually was mugged and went back home.
Ziggy the dog was wandering the streets of Chicago. He was dirty and malnourished. An animal control officer found him and brought him to the shelter. He was neutered, micro-chipped, vaccinated and put up for adoption. A few days later he was adopted by suburban family.
Linda and Alan went on a cruise to Alaska. During the first night on the ship, Linda got very seasick. She spent the next four days in her cabin, sick. When she finally got better, there were only two more days left. Linda decided that cruises were not for her.
Tom didn't have much money. There was no food at his house. He went online and searched for deals. He found a fast food place with a pretty decent one. He wound up getting an inexpensive meal that filled him up.
A man saw a woman by the side of the road and stopped his car. The woman got into the back seat without a word of thanks. He drove miles out of his way to drop her where she'd requested. She pulled out a gun and shot him in the back of the head. She told the authorities he had kidnapped her.
Anna was having a picnic on the beach. She laid out the chips and snacks on the blanket. Then everyone went for a swim before eating. But when they returned, all of their food was gone. Seagulls had stolen everything!
Joel bought a block of cheese. He packed the cheese into his backpack. He carried his backpack up a mountain. He took out his cheese. His cheese was all melted.
There once was a homeless dog wandering the streets. Someone saw him and took him to a shelter. He stayed there for 3 weeks waiting to be adopted. Then came the day when a new family came in. They saw him and fell in love, adopting him later that day.
Tom was driving at night. He was pulled over by the cops. Tom didn't know why. They told him his tail light was out. Tom was given a ticket and told to fix it.
Samira was feeling a little fatigued after cardio. She walked to a local juice bar. Samira ordered a pressed juice and a veggie wrap. She sat outside to enjoy her meal. She's excited to run again tomorrow.
Jacob was in the convenience store with his mom. Jacob stole a pack of candy. Jacob and his mom went back to the car. His mom realized he stole the candy. She sent him back in the store to pay for it.
Martin was sewing a piece of clothing. He pricked his hand. He went to get a bandage. He was out of bandages. Martin bled all over his carpeting.
Travis went to a local coffee shop. But afterwards, he complained about the coffee on Yelp. The manager offered him another one for free. And this time the coffee was much better. The coffee shop became Travis' favorite.
Sally felt very shy when the neighbors came over. Sally tried to hide whenever the neighbors came. Sally's uncle used to make fun of her. Once her uncle dragged her out in front of the neighbors. After meeting the neighbors, Sally didn't feel so bad.
Fritz had always loved the paella he ate in restaurants. He decided to try cooking paella at home. He bought seafood, rice, vegetables and spices. He cooked them into a delicious paella. Fritz was proud that he had made such good paella at home.
Over the summer, I got a new phone. I had to get it because my old phone broke. The new phone cost a bunch of money. However, I was barely able to afford it. I then decided to take good care of my new phone for a long time.
I was playing a game of speed chess online. My wife texted me asking if I wanted ice cream. I texted back with my request. I ended up losing the game. I did not mind, as I got my ice cream.
I was in a foreign country. It was hard to find food I liked. I worked in the mornings. There was a lunch buffet my group started going to. I was able to make up for lost calories there.
Barry and his wife were having fertility issues. Barry and his wife decided to adopt a baby. Barry and his wife adopted a little girl from Africa. Barry and his wife were named her Abigail, after his mom. Barry and his wife were so excited to finally be parents.
I went on vacation to Mexico. In the shower in Mexico, there was a cover on the drain. Every day we removed the cover and the maid put it back. One day a cockroach crawled out from the drain. We realized why the cover was there and we put it back.
Susie went get her ice cream. She then went to the car. Her ice cream fell to the ground. Susie was rather crushed. She had to buy another one.
I was throwing a football with my son in the driveway. I missed one of his throws. The ball broke a garage-door window. My wife came storming angrily out of the house. I started to cry.
Alissa needed a job badly. She got a call for an interview at Bath and Body Works. Alissa dressed very nicely. The manager was impressed when she knew what a demo was. Alissa got the $10 an hour job even without references.
Mary was young and unmarried when she got pregnant. Her parents advised her to put the baby up for adoption. Even though she knew it would be hard but had to be done. She worked hard and found a family to adopt the baby. When she had the baby the couple took the baby right away.
Everyone was laughing at Jack today. He asked some people if anyone knew the reason behind it. He was told that everyone knows that he sleeps naked. Although it was untrue, we went to his friend who only knew about that. His friend admitted that he shared the information.
Barb planted some fruit trees in her yard. She took care of them every day. One day she noticed tiny bugs all over them. An invasive beetle was destroying her precious trees! Barb used some bug spray and now the trees are doing great.
Jerry decided to go for a walk during his work break. He thought the fresh air would help clear his mind. The weather app on his phone didn't say anything about rainy. A torrential downpour seemed to come out of nowhere. Jerry was drenched when he arrived back to the office.
Jon was working in his garage. He was using his saw blade. He wasn't paying enough attention. One of john's fingers got too close to the blade. John cut himself with the saw.
Suzie was sitting alone on the playground. She looked really sad. I went over and sat with her. She smiled at me and gave me a hug. Now we play together everyday.
Today I took my son to swim class. He was very distracted by the other children. In the beginning he was not kicking his legs as usual. I got his attention and asked him to focus. He started to focus and kicked his legs like a champion.
Kim wanted to throw a party. She invited all her friends. Then she cooked lots of food for them. All the guests arrived on time. They ate, drank and had a great time at the party!
I put some coins in a snack machine. The snack would not come out. I tried pressing the button again. The snack did not move. I got my coins back from the machine.
The Smith family was traveling to Six Flags for the very first time. They could not wait to try out all the fantastic rides out there. The kids waited in line for hours to ride the Superman ride. When the family got on the ride they were terrified and had fun. When the ride was over, the family had the time of their life.
When I was younger, I had pen pals all over the world. I made many friends I never saw in person. But it was fun to receive letters every week. All these years later, I remember many of them. And I think about them on their birthdays.
John was feeling lonely after he came home from work. John realized he wanted a companion. John realized he wanted a dog. John bought a dog in his nearby pet shelter. John became more happier when he went home from work.
Tom wanted to buy a house. He saved his money for many years. He saw a house that he liked and made an offer on it. The offer was accepted. Tom moved into the house the following month.
Tiffany loves browsing etsy stores. She sees many stores selling beautiful homemade soap. Tiffany does research and sets out to begin making her own soap. With much practice, Tiffany begins to make a good product. Tiffany soon after open up her very own etsy shop.
My wife bought me a new jacket for christmas. It's puffy and warm. I tried wearing it to the store the other day. The alarm went off when I tried to walk in and out. Apparently there was a tag hidden in all the fluff.
Marco always loves to order delivery food so he won't have to cook. He notices that this habit is becoming increasingly expensive. Marco goes to the grocery store to buy some meat and hamburger buns. He cooks a delicious burger at home. Marco decides he will stop ordering delivery food so much.
She felt pushed into a corner. She began to fight back. She started getting better grades. She became a social butterfly. She would show them the truth.
An unknown agency contacted me. They said that they need workers to work in a warehouse. Since the salary for that job seem good, I decided to check it out. I mainly carried boxes around  for two hours. The boss told us that we're going to be paid in a week, which is bad.
Val thought it was a perfect day for tennis. She and a friend reserved a court to play. As soon as they started playing, it started to rain. They decided to go have drinks instead. It was a great day despite the weather.
Shawna wanted to eat some waffles. She did not want to go to a restaurant. She did not own a waffle iron. She attempted to make waffles in her portable grill. It was a disaster.
After the smoking detector went off, the house caught on fire. The owner of the house immediately contacted the fire department. Several firefighters tried to distinguish the fire. After several minutes, the house was cooled down. The owner was disappointed since all of his belongings were burned.
Bill is driving down the highway. He notices cars driving erratically ahead. Then he sees a scared dog walking in the middle of the highway. He pulls over and dodges traffic to rescue the dog. He is angry that no one else was willing to do what he did.
Will excitedly bought his wife a gift from Amazon's online store. Will ordered it to be shipped overnight. Three days later, the gift had still not arrived. Will called the Amazon corporate hotline. They informed Will the package was lost but they would replace it.
When I was in my car I turned on my windshield wipers. It was raining and a very boring day. To make it less boring I turned on the radio. I noticed my windshield wipers were matching with the music. It felt like the windshield wipers were dancing to the music.
We were driving to the mall one day. I was listening to my favorite song on the radio. I was singing as loud as I possibly could. Just as I hit the highest note the song unexpectedly stopped. My wife had received a text and her bluetooth shut off my music.
The teacher ran over and turned off the tv. She told us to go back to class. The kids started asking what had happened. She said she wasn't sure but it would be okay. It was years before I understood what we had watched.
Janie was very concerned about her five great nephews and nieces. She went to court to have an emergency custody hearing. She gained temporary custody of all the kids. After a long battle with their grandparents, she won full custody. She is now in the process of adopting them fully.
Jason wanted to go to college after he graduated high school. His parents couldn't afford to send him and he didn't want to borrow. Jason decided to sign up for the military. After basic training he was sent to Afghanistan. He never got to go to college because he was killed by a IUD.
Lucy and Becky's parents took them to the ocean. Becky found a sand dollar! Lucy, unable to find her own, was extremely jealous. Just as she was about to give up, a sand dollar washed up by her feet. Their parents were relieved that now both girls were happy!
I turned over when the alarm clock went off. My dreams were so real and so perfect I didn't want to wake up. I pulled the covers over my head and stretched. It was too late! I was awake and my dream was gone like mist in the sun.
The soldier covered his friend. His friend advanced to another point. The enemy started shooting at him. The soldier shot back. His friend arrived at the point safely.
Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt. They have bouncy houses and free donuts. The kids find lots of eggs. When they get home they open the eggs and find candy. The kids eat all of the candy.
When I was 12 I got my first job. It was at a horse farm where I did things like clean stalls. I had to work in all temperatures, year round. Sometimes I went to bed right after dinner I would be so tired. It was all worth it because I could afford my own horse after a year.
A man in ragged clothes and dirty skin approached the side of the road He held a sign that says donations. He counted up the amount of money that he had at night. He made a total of $50 in a few hours. All of the money went to his wallet.
Nina sang for the altos in her choir. Then a new instructor took over. He re-tested Nina's voice and said she was a soprano! He placed Nina in another section of the choir. There, she sang much better!
Andrew walked to the wall display. He placed his arm inside to reach a cup. His elbow ended up hitting a large trophy. It fell on the ground and was split into pieces. Andrew's dad got furious when he saw everything.
Gina and Tami were at their desk. Gina began talking to Tami about Mary's betrayal. Yesterday Tami agreed with Gina's assessment of the situation. Today she seemed to be making excuses for Mary. Gina hid her anger and began doing her classwork.
For some reason I love listening to sad songs. Blues and Blues Rock are my two favorite genres. The soulful vocals make me feel empathetic and human. I've started writing some songs of my own. But writing it makes me too happy to write good blues.
I walked to Starbucks to use their internet. When I walked in, I ordered a small coffee. The cashier took my payment, and gave me the coffee. I sat down and set up my laptop. After connecting to the wifi, I was able to get to work.
Toby received detention for playing a prank. He had to spend a one weekend clean the school playground. He found a valuable golden coin during his cleaning duties. Toby gave it over to the school principal. The principle in turn let him keep the coin.
Hannah was assigned a group project with some of her classmates. Once she met with them, she realized that they were very lazy. Hannah was forced to do all of the work for the project. She decided she was going to tell her professor what happened. The professor decided to not give her classmates credit for her work.
John was invited to Six Flags by the girl he liked. She loved roller coaster but he didn't. He was nervous because he knew she would ask to go on some. He didn't want to chicken out. He made a decision he would go on whatever rides she wanted.
Stephen's wife, Xiao, went into labor today around noon. All of her family and his went to the hospital to wait for the baby. Xiao didn't want anyone in the room except Stephen and her mother. After 14 long hours the baby was finally born. Twenty six family members were thrilled to hear it was a healthy boy!
Jen was cooking dinner for her boyfriend. She was making her speciality of chicken and rice. As she was cooking, she received a phone call. Jen forgot about the dish in the oven until the smoke alarm went off. Jen burned dinner and had to order pizza.
Jack was playing at the playground. He was hanging from the monkey bars. Jack's hand started to slip. He grabbed the bar with his other hand. Jack breathed a sigh of relief.
I dropped my cellphone in the toilet. I tried drying it off in rice. The phone was still broken. I went to buy a new phone. I bought a new phone for a lot of money.
Tina bought some stock in a company yesterday. She was hopeful it would go up. Yet unfortunately it crashed. Tina lost a lot of money. She was defeated.
One day, James' sink sink became clogged. He tried using drain cleaner. He tried unclogging the drain with his hands. Nothing worked. James had to call a repairman.
I wanted to have fresh squeezed lemonade yesterday. There is a farmers market close to me that I shop from. I went there to get the lemons but they were out. The nearest grocery store was 15 miles away. I decided to just drink water that day.
My dog was too fat, and I wanted to help her lose weight. I switched her dog biscuits with sweet potato disks and carrots. She liked the new treats and could still get plenty of rewards. We also tried out some new balls and tug toys for exercise. When we began daily walks, both of us dropped some pounds!
Oswald decided to take his backpack to school. He put his books and his lunch in his backpack. As he walked to school, his backpack ripped. His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground. Oswald had to buy new books, more food, and a new backpack.
Ed invited his friends over. They started to cook meat on the grill. Then they slathered it in BBQ sauce. They ate their hot tender meal outside. Ed's barbecue was a great success!
Bob had lost his job. He felt terrible. His health began to deteriorate. He decided to change his circumstances. He took care of his health and he started to feel good!
I knew what I was going to make for dinner. All day I just knew I had all the ingredients. When I went to make dinner I found half of what I needed was missing. I had to go to the store. Dinner ended up being later than usual.
Dennis loved comic books. He collected many different kinds. His favourites were Beano and Marvel. Beeno was a favourite because of Dennis the Menace. His mum used to call him that, and they brought back happy memories.
Lucy wanted to go swimming. She called her friends to ask them to come with her. No one wanted to come with her. Lucy asked her older brother to come. They went to the beach.
Jake had a dream. He wanted to be a doctor. He went to school but he flunked out. People were wondering if he would give up. Jake decided to keep trying and never give up on his dream.
Last year I decided to take a cooking course. I signed up for an introduction to Thai cooking. Before the first class, the instructor brought us to an Asian market. At the market, we learned about Asian cooking ingredients. By the end of the course, I knew the names of all Asian ingredients.
Tom was at home. He heard shots going off. It scared him at first. After a while he realized it was a car backfiring. It made Tom laugh.
Five children were left in the spelling bee. The next word was one that only one child had heard before. He listened as child after child spelled it incorrectly. Beaming as he stepped up to the microphone, he confidently spelled it. Cheers rang out throughout the audience as he was declared the winner!
Kia wrote a very good essay in English class. Her teacher submitted it to a statewide contest. Kia's essay won second place. She was given a ribbon and a $50 prize! She was very happy and proud of herself.
Buddy was asked to run his dad's business social media account. Buddy started the page. It got lots of followers. They got more business. Buddy's dad paid him well.
Paul was really hot. And his thick hair was driving him crazy. So he decided to shave it all off. And he was satisfied by how much cooler he felt. And every summer, he decided to shave his hair.
Brandon was chosen to appear in a local TV ad. He was very excited to show up on thousands of televisions. When the television ad aired, his face was shown for a few seconds. It was a lot shorter than he thought, but Brandon didn't care. He got to say that he was on TV.
Audrey had a very important test to take the next morning. She normally prepared well for tests, but this time she forgot. She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam. When Audrey got to class the next morning, no one was there. She had forgotten the right day of the exam and studied for nothing!
Fred hasn't seen his brother in Years. Fred decides to take the long car ride to New Hampshire to see him. When he finally gets there, Fred and his brother fight bitterly. Fred cuts the visit short in order to return home. Fred decides not to visit his brother again.
Toby needed money. So he found some old contacts who sold drugs. He got the drugs from them. He made a lot of money selling drugs. But he was caught and sent to jail.
Jack was in big trouble. He'd run through the mud and ruined his shoes. His mom yelled at him to take better care of his things. To make it up to her, he went to the store and bought a new pair. She told him it was very thoughtful.
One day, while he was driving, Sam's car broke down. Sam was sad because he liked his car. Even so, Sam had to buy a new car. Sam went to the dealership. Sam fell in love with a red convertible car.
John had a major exam coming up in statistics class. John studied for two hours every night. John went into the exam feeling confident. John did his very best on each question on the exam. John got an A on the test!
Lilly found a stray dog outside the door one morning. Lilly asked her parents if they could keep the dog. Her parents melted, saying yes. Lilly cared for that dog with all her heart. Now, 5 years later, Lilly and that dog are absolutely inseparable.
Bandy was an old terrier, and his mama was worried by his limping. She noticed it after he'd played hard or on rainy days. The veterinarian took x-rays and said Bandy had arthritis. His mama started giving him senior dog vitamins with glucosamine. Within a few weeks, Bandy was better and could keep on playing.
Kevin was driving from the club. He got pulled over. The cop asked if Kevin had been drinking. Kevin told him he was the designated driver and sober. The cop thanked him for being responsible.
In the beginning, Charles didn't think Lisa was crazy. But he was wrong. The more they dated, the less he liked her. Charles stopped calling her and turned off his ringer. Lisa called him constantly for two weeks.
In 2002 I decided to read up on religion. I went online and looked at syllabi on religion. I did the course readings. I read through 15 courses. I learned a bit about different religions.
Silvia had to give a big speech at work. She asked her friend Albert to listen to it and give his opinion. Albert listened to the speech but wasn't convinced it was good. Despite his own dislike for the speech, he complimented Silvia. Silvia made her speech and looked like a fool without knowing why.
Tom was walking home from the grocery store. He was approaching his house. He heard a small cat making a sound. He approached the cat. He pet the kitten.
Sal's cat died after ten years. He mourned for a few weeks before deciding to get a new cat. Sal went to the pet store but on his way he heard noise in an alley. Looking in the alley, he found a skinny, filthy cat. Sal took the cat home and soon the two were best friends.
Charles was an intern at a social network company. They were called Unified Beat Incorporated. Charles was asked to code a new feature and he did. He implemented his code but some accounts were buggy. Charle' boss said, It's stop the press for coders, reboot the network!
Dan and his friends agreed to a reunion next summer. Dan always wanted to have a reunion with his friends. Dan decided they should go on a cruise for their reunion. When Dan presented the idea, they all agreed. Dan could not wait for his friends to be reunited on the cruise.
The room was orange and dirty. Linda picked out new paint for the walls. She first had to patch the holes and paint the trim. She painted the walls a bright new pale yellow. With pictures hung on the freshly painted walls, it looked like home.
Ora's mom told her that the family had a very high gas bill. They could not afford bills that high, so changes would be made. Ora was told that the heat was going to be lowered. From now on she would have to wear warm clothes around the house. Ora was unhappy, but she understood.
Morgan ran around the house. She was careful not to bump into anything. Despite her caution, she crashed hard into the wall. The room shook, and a vase toppled to the floor. Luckily, it remained intact, much to her relief.
Beth was very concerned with her appearance. Beth had brown eyes. Beth wanted blue eyes. Beth bough color contacts. Beth liked her new eye color.
Sam lived in a low income area He was walking home from work. Then a man comes up to him. He got nervous and prepared to fight. The man only wanted a dollar.
My friend and I were playing on a swingset. We were swinging as high as we could and then jumping off. Tom challenged me to see who could jump the furthest. We both jumped at the same time and I landed on my side. When I got up my right arm was broken.
Allie's mom had just lost her job. As a result her household was struggling. Allie had to go and get a job herself to help pay for expenses. Allie also had to watch her siblings. It was simply too much for her and she cracked.
Claus had an aunt whom he loved very much. One day she passed away suddenly. He received a call from his aunt's attorney not long after she passed. Claus was instructed to go to the attorney's office the next day. He was told his aunt was rich and she'd left Claus her fortune.
Stevens loved to donate to charity. He donated because he knew people needed money. One day, he got a call. It was the president thanking him. Now, Stevens makes sure to donate as much as possible.
Zack always walked home from school. And he carried pepper spray with him. One day, a pit bull approached him. And he quickly used his pepper spray. After the pit bull ran away, Zack was glad he had pepper spray.
Jenna loved healthy food. She loved to eat fruit, especially grapes. She would eat a bowl of them every morning. Before work, she got her bowl of grapes and the newspaper. She sat and ate them while she read the news.
Evan wanted to go for a walk. She asked her friends to get her shoes out. The friends helped put her shoes on. She got ready and they headed out. It was good that she finally got out of the house.
Abby had severe food allergies. When eating out she always asked about ingredients in a dish. Yesterday in a restaurant she was mistakenly served nuts. She ate the nuts without realizing what they were. She went into anaphylactic shock as a result of ingesting nuts.
Tom's garage was cluttered. It has been years since he had cleaned it. Tom decided to dedicate a weekend to a garage sale to clear it out. Tom's neighborhood bought everything! Tom made five hundred dollars and cleaned his garage.
Last night I was cooking dinner when a storm came. I instantly jumped up. Thunder struck with a force. All the sudden the power went out. Luckily though, I got power back soon.
In the seventh grade we received a reading list. Our school required us to read six books. I was very studious and read six books in a three weeks. I tried to read the entire list of fifty books. I read thirty books before school started.
Linda was tired of telemarketing jobs. She heard making websites weren't as hard as she thought. She watched video tutorials on the internet and made a website. She added web coding skills to her resume. She found a nice job as a digital services representative.
Gina's room had only a bed, and a dresser. Her parents bought new living room furniture a month ago. There were 2 armchairs they had put in the garage for storage. Gina wanted to put one in her room. Her dad gave her both of them.
The floor was covered in broken glass. The robbers left the convenience store in quite a mess. The owner invited the police inside to take the report. They immediately asked for the surveillance video. After the police left, the owner started to clean up the mess.
Cutting up old clothes to make quilts taught Jan to repurpose. She branched into making art from old music sheets and book covers. After opening a shop to sell her work, Jan developed a following. Her decoupage and chalk-painted furniture were featured in a magazine. This led to a TV show where Jan shared her techniques with others.
Mason never found a decent job and was tired of being broke. He decided to take some classes at the local college. After a couple Years, he found a job with a computer company. He got a promotion after only being there a year. Mason was happy he decided to go to college.
Clark Ryder was proud of his job as a photojournalist. The New York Times sent him on assignment to Africa. He photographed the starving black people of a village. He took a picture of a dying child about to be eaten by a vulture. Clark won the Pulitzer but killed himself two months later.
Bart's family had not been together for Thanksgiving for 3 years. Bart decided to call up the family and invite them to his house. Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day! The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey! From then on, Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition.
Tia's mom bought her an ice cream cone. Tia smiled widely as she licked it. Then, accidentally, she dropped it on the ground! Tia's mom refused to buy her another cone. Tia wailed with disappointment!
Jeremy wanted to go swimming one day. He put on his swimming trunks and went to his backyard. When he walked over to his pool, he noticed that the water was dirty. Jeremy grabbed his pool cleaner and cleaned out the mess. After cleaning out the leaves, Jeremy jumped into his pool to swim.
A big storm came in the night. Karim forgot to close his shutters before bed. When he awoke, two windows were broken! Karim sighed and began to clean up the mess. He vowed to be more prepared next time.
The rainy started on Tuesday. It poured all day. It did not stop until Thursday afternoon. The river began to rise. It flooded over the reservoir making driving impossible.
Jeff had a huge exam next week. He knew he had to study as this would affect his final grade. Jeff was so anxious all he did was study day and night. The day of the test came and Jeff was ready. He overthought it and failed the test.
My sister called me today and said she ran out of gas. I told her to hold on and I went to get some gas for her. She was a good hour away from my house. She was so thankful that she bought me lunch! It felt good to do something nice for someone else.
Will had never played checkers. Mike decided he would teach Will how to play. It took a few games for Will to learn how to play. Will ended up being better than Mike was at checkers. Mike decided to never play checkers again.
Monica was trying to get into medical school. The courses that Monica were taking were difficult. Monica had trouble studying with her work. She started working less hours. Monica was able to put more hours into her studying.
My mother went into the basement today. She was surprised to see a frog. We searched everywhere for a way the frog could have gotten there. However, we did not find anything like that. We still do not know how the frog ended up in our basement.
Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall. Kay looked out the window, and saw a cyclone in the distance. She shouted at her mom that they needed to get off the road. They parked at a nearby store, and everyone hurried into the basement. The cyclone destroyed many buildings, but Kay and her mom were safe.
It was said to scare away gophers. The device shook the ground every hour. It was the size of a softball. We had been having some trouble with raccoons. It was a gift for the garden.
Gary woke up, thrilled that today was his eighth birthday. He bounded out of bed and hurriedly dressed for school. He ate breakfast, and then boarded the school bus. After school, Gary sat dejectedly through the bus ride home. As he came in the door, everyone jumped out and yelled surprise!
Tim's girlfriend was easily scared. She hated watching horror movies. Tim convinced her to watch a movie he liked. He didn't tell her it was scary. Tim's girlfriend couldn't make it all the way through.
Gina's mother was not happy about bringing her a spare key. But Gina explained she wasn't very far from her home. Her mother calmed down when Gina explained it was only 5 minutes away. Gina stood near her car waiting for her mother. She was relieved when she spotted her car at the stop light.
Tim wanted to learn how to drive. But it was only because he thought driving fast would be fun. When he got a new car for his birthday, he went nuts. And he sped through his neighborhood. But after running over a dog, he stopped speeding for good.
Ray look out all the worn out nubs of crayons he owned. He took off the papers and put them into piles by color. He then put the pieces in a mold which was then put in his oven. Ray watched the crayons melt back into their old forms. Once they cooled down he drew with them right away.
Phil was a young  man in his early twenties' Undecided what to do with his life being recently let go of his job. He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army. Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war. Phil fights in the war and receives a medal of honor for his braveness
Bill had a small house. He had too many things in his house. His house was beginning cluttered. Bill saved up and bought a shed. Bill was able to store many of his items in the shed.
Tim needed money. He was behind on bills and desperate. A local contractor needed cheap labor. Tim hated the job but applied for it anyway. He was turned down.
Scout was a small, sleepy puppy who hadn't napped in 20 minutes. She was done playing with her stuffed toys, so it was time to sleep. But she wasn't sure which place was best to nap. Her pillow was too soft, and the floor was much too hard. Finally, she found the right place - her owner's warm lap.
Tim and Jessica were in a long term relationship together. One day, Jessica ended the relationship. Tim cried and wept for hours. He used an entire box of tissues. He had to go to the store to buy more.
Everyday, Kim waited at the bus stop after work. But one night, the bus never showed up. Kim called a friend to get a ride home. And Kim felt scared waiting in the dark alone. But when her friend finally arrived, she was overcome with relief.
Peter loves to play the saxophone in the city band. All summer they played concerts in the local park. The conductor told him to play quieter today. Peter got upset. He took it too personally.
Jane needed a topper for her tree. She liked stars but they were all too expensive. Instead she decided to home make one. She bought some crafting materials and got started. Her home-made star ended up looking really nice.
Everyday Rob had to walk to school. But he decided that riding a bike to school would be better. He saved up money for a new bike. And he was able to bike to school quickly. And his new bike gave him freedom to go where to he wanted.
Chuck was hanging out with some friends at a bar. They mentioned that they were moving soon. Chuck offered to help them move their things. The team worked together and got the move done quickly. They were so grateful that they invited him to stay for dinner.
Stacy had frizzy hair. She bought some hair spray to try and tame it. The spray weighed her hair down too much. It made her hair flat and stiff. Stacy decided she needed to try mousse instead.
A young boy wakes up in the morning. He yawns and gets out of bed. He walks out of his room. He sees his mom who is cooking his breakfast. After breakfast is ready, the boy eats breakfast with his mom.
Martha owns a fabric store in a small town. Most of her customers are little old ladies who like to sew. One day, while shopping at Martha's, my daughter made an observation. She noted that Martha had a handsome widower who worked there. Now we joke that those women are just sewing so they can go see him.
My friends and I wanted to go swimming. We went to the lake and put on swimming trunks. We hopped into the lake water. We swam for hours and jumped off the dock. We put our dry clothes back on and went home.
Tim was walking in the park one evening. He heard strange sounds coming from behind a tree. There he discovered a child, huddled and crying to himself. He helped the child find his parents. Before long, he was able to reunite the family.
One day Tony had a strand of hair hit him while riding his bicycle. The hair floated off Tony's face into the wind. Later the hair found its way floating into a restaurant. Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food. He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived.
Ray went to the movies without any particular show in mind. There was a horror and a comedy film playing. He asked the teller which one was more popular. The teller said the comedy movie was. Ray bought a ticket to the horror movie to avoid the crowd.
I was in prison. I decided to change my life. I started going to the prison library. Eventually, I was able to get my GED. When I was released from prison I went on to become successful.
Today I arrived to school a bit late. I had a presentation to give in front of the whole class. I nervously stood at the podium. I noticed I was wearing only my underwear. I woke up to find it was all just a bad dream.
Tana and Tina were best friends as kids. One year, Tana moved away to Idaho. They did not talk for the next 20 years. One day, Tina decided to look Tana up on Facebook. They realized that they now lived in the same town and reunited.
There was a poor boy who did not have any money. He was tired of being poor,so he searched for a job. He found a job he was interested in and wrote a resume. His resume was so impressive that he got the job. Now he has a lot of money because he works hard at his job.
Adam was a prankster. He wanted to scare his sister. He put on a clown costume. He waited in the bathroom for her. He scared her when she entered.
Henry climbed a tree. He could see into his neighbor's yard. He began to spy on them every day. He found out his neighbor was dealing drugs. He called the police.
A chef was tasked with ordering spoons for the new restaurant. He had all of the options laid out in front of him. The check pick up each spoon one at a time and made notes. After reviewing his notes he made his final decision. The chef circled the entry for the best spoon in his notebook.
Kyle is the new manager at the local shoe store. He loves his job but finds it very demanding. his friends often come in and buy their shoes at the store. Kyle was recently voted manager of the year. He has been offered a regional position.
Jordan posted whiny statuses on facebook often. Some of his friends did not like reading his whiny statuses. They deleted him as a friend. Jordan noticed that he had less facebook friends. He decided to stop being so whiny on facebook in the future.
Tom was going to a wedding. He got a suit to rent. On the day of the wedding he got the wrong suit. It fit too tightly. Tom wore it anyway but could barely move.
Jane met a man named Earl online that she liked very much. After months of speaking to him they fell madly in love. Jane asked Earl to come and see her one day to meet in person. After to meeting in person they knew they were crazy for eachother. They immediately went to Jane's house and had wild passionate sex!
Tina wanted to have a barbeque. She got all her friends together to have one. When Tina got her friends, they made hot dogs. Unfortunately Tina burnt the hot dogs. They had to make burgers instead.
I purchased a textbook from the bookstore. The cashier ripped off the plastic wrap and handed it to me. However, I found out that the book for the class is the wrong one. I tried to trade it back. Unfortunately, I got a lower price back for it since it's a used book.
Mike was at a movie theater. But there was a group of people in front of him who were too loud. Mike decided to sit somewhere else. But he could still hear them. So he huffed out of the movie theater and watched something else.
Quinton's mom was mad at him. She would not speak to him. One day she had some good gossip to share. She finally called to tell him. He would not answer the phone.
Dubby had a ferret. I went to his house to play with it. It would run from room to room. I wanted to keep it as a pet. He offered to let me have it, but I was sad when my parents said no.
Helen and Mike were married for over a year. They used to be a happy couple but they had been arguing a lot lately. After one of their heated arguments, Helen stormed out of the house. Upset and crying, she jumped into her car and was involved in a wreck. Helen has been in a coma ever since and Mike has rarely left her side.
Bonnie was all dressed up for a fancy dinner with her family. On her way back from the bathroom she felt a breeze. When she got to the table her mother gasped. She had tucked her skirt into her pantyhose. She was very embarrassed as she pulled down her skirt.
I'm so glad that today is Friday. After today there is no more work or school. Tonight I will go out to a bar with my friends. Tomorrow we get to sleep late and have fun all day. It will not matter if I want to be lazy tomorrow.
Travis was playing baseball at school. But he kept on missing. He decided to practice swinging everyday. And the next the next time he played baseball, he hit a homerun. Travis was glad his practice paid off.
We went on our first diving trip on Tuesday. We nervously dove under the water. We saw fish, sea horses and sharks. The sharks saw us too. We decided we went on our last diving trip on Tuesday.
Jay's mom asked him to clean his room. Three minutes later Jay said he had finished cleaning his room. Jay's mom walked in his room. There was nothing on the floor, not even his rugs. Jay's mom suspiciously opened the closet door and everything fell out!
Vlad was an electrician. He started his career after he was fascinated by electricity. This started when he first made a circuit in science class. The circuit was only small compared with home electrics. Vlad knew that the bigger electricity systems would be more exciting.
Bill was very hungry in class. However, lunch was an hour away. He just couldn't take it. He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later. So much time passed, that it was finally lunch time.
Cindy was going grocery shopping. And she saw two products several different milk brands. She narrowed her choice down to two different ones. But she couldn't decide which one was better. 15 minutes later, she decided to neither of them.
For the last couple of months I've been talking about my girlfriend. I've mentioned how we met and how we love each other. Some of you have asked to meet her. I understand the frustration but can't make that happen. I'm not sure if you guys are just in my imagination or she is.
Sarah was taking out the garbage. He heard some scratching noises in the garbage can. Sarah found a tiny black kitten in the garbage looking to get out. Sarah rescued the stray kitten. Sarah named the kitten Tammy afterwards.
Roxy wanted an apple computer. So she went to the apple website to research computers. She found an apple computer she wanted to buy. But the computer was out of stock online. Roxy went to the apple store to buy the computer.
I was excited for fall. Until I realized that I'd have to rake the leaves. At first, raking the leaves was terrible. Then I gave up and hired a landscaper. Now, I didn't have to rake the leaves.
The concrete workers had been working all day. They redid the sidewalk in front of Ava's house. The smoothed it out perfectly. Then, a little girl came running by. She left a footprint in the perfectly smooth sidewalk.
Sandy and Ron had just bought a new house. There was a pool in the backyard. The couple had a young son. They were concerned about their child's safety. Sandy and Ron enrolled their son in swimming lessons.
Sara had recently ran away from home and needed some type of work. She figured nannying would be under the table. She quickly found someone looking for a nanny. She ended up loving her new job a ton. Unfortunately, her boss found out that she was a runaway and fired her.
Charles was under a lot of stress. He couldn't find a stable job. His boss fired him recently for not enough sales per hour. The last place Charles thought he'd find a job was through Craigslist. But he applied for a public relations position and is back employed.
Jim was walking home from school. And he noticed that his shoelaces were untied. He figured he could walk a bit longer though. As he stepped off a curb, he tripped and fell. Jim felt silly for not just tying his shoelaces.
Matt loved summer camp. He went every single year and had a great time. Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp. He was sad because he would miss it. He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever.
Justin wasn't a very healthy man. He ate too many sweets. One day he decided to take a trip to the doctor. The doctor was shocked at his results. Justin had been diagnosed with diabetes.
Tom's bike had a flat tire. He tried to fix it at home. He did not know how to . He went to Dicks and asked to get it fixed. They fixed it and it's fine.
Chris wakes up feeling a little bit lonely. He decides to take his old truck out for a drive around the country. Along the drive he passes old farms and a small restaurant. He comes back home several hours later. Although the drive was nice, he feels no less lonely.
Jon's wife wanted to go visit her mother. Jon hated his mother-in-law. He decided to pretend to be sick. His wife let him stay home. Jon successfully evaded his mother-in-law!
Tommy loved to build derby racers. His dad and he would build them together from scratch. On the day of his next race Tommy's racer had a flat tire. Tommy and his dad rushed to the gas station to fill it up. They got back just in time and wound up winning the derby.
Tom was outside of a bar smoking. A stranger asked if he had an extra cigarette. Tom didn't have another left. He offered to share his. The stranger agreed and took a couple of drags.
Jon is excited for his trip to the beach to go surfing. Jon carefully spends the day learning how to surf. Suddenly he sees a shark swimming toward the beach. The shark attacks a little girl nearby. Jon saves the little girl from the shark!
Back in the 1800's there were a lot of people killed. They were believed to practice witchery and for this they were killed. Many women were burnt at the stake to a crisp. A lot of people were killed simply for being different. This has caused Salem to be an interesting attraction for many.
Vasquez was staying at a very big hotel. The only issue was his room was smelly. He had to speak with the hotel management. After speaking with them, they gave him a new room. Now, Vasquez is very happy.
Two friends were hungry so they decided to get pizza. They could not decide which toppings to get. To settle this they played a game. The winner got to choose all the toppings. The winner was excited to get the honor of pizza toppings.
Today I was thirsty so I grabbed a can of Ginger Ale. The can was bent in a weird way so it made the tab hard to pull. I grabbed it and pulled it very hard and it cut my finger. I started bleeding everywhere. I couldn't get the bleeding stopped so I had to go to the hospital.
Ken was late on his rent. He was facing eviction if he didn't pay it. He decided to get a payday loan. The loan barely covered one month's rent. Ken was unable to pay back the loan and got evicted.
My family went horse riding on our vacation. I was too small to ride the big horses. I rode a pony named Dash. Dash got his name because he was faster than the bigger horses. Me and Dash got to the end of the trail before anyone else.
Tim was upset. He couldn't tie his shoe. His father came to help. He showed him how to do it. The boy found it very simple.
Dad takes me out to go fishing. He has a favorite spot that we go to. We always catch several fish. Today we didn't catch any. Dad said we must not have been at the right spot.
Melany was lost and didn't know where she was or the name of the town. She asked strangers for help but they all ignored her. She begged and begged but everyone seemed to be walking away. She finally had enough and yelled as hard as she could. She woke up in her bed realizing it was all just a bad dream.
Yesterday my friend showed me her pretty new tattoo of a rose. I decided it was time for me to get one and be like the other girls. I couldn't think of a good design that would say something about me. I knew once I did it I would have to live with it forever. I have chosen my name.
I arranged to meet Mormon missionaries today. They were delivering a free Book of Mormon. i met two young men from Utah. They gave me the book and posed for a photo. I posted the photo on Facebook.
There was a boy who was packing his lunch. He told his mom to get some fruit. She asked if he wanted some fruit. She picked up some fruit and gave it to him. He was happy that  she picked up some bananas.
Mary had a job where she did not have to wear formal clothes. Since she worked from home, she could wear whatever she wanted. Sensing this new found freedom, she went out to buy a silly outfit. Mary came home with monkey pajamas, complete with ears and a tail! Mary went to work every day in her monkey suit and was very happy.
We bought a block of delicious cheese. It got put in the back of the fridge. Everyone forgot it was there. Later, when we were cleaning the fridge, we found a fuzzy green thing. It was the cheese, which had gotten moldy!
Lisa was at the zoo. Her friends were going into the reptile area. Lisa was scared of snakes. Lisa didn't want to go into the reptile area. She waited for her friends to get back.
Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown. We had not done this in over five Year's. We went to Chinatown and ordered several dishes, plus tea. My wife was disappointed, as there were less dishes than in the past. We still enjoyed the experience and left stuffed.
Kim had been jogging for several hours. And she was exhausted when she got home. She left her socks in her room and forgot about them. And the next day, her room smelled terrible. Kim never forgot to put her dirty socks in the laundry again.
Billy had a large number of shirts. They depicted many of his interests and hobbies. One day someone told him graphic tees were out of style. Billy began acquiring plainly colored shirts instead. Slowly he replaced his entire large shirt collection.
I used to be really bad at volleyball. I would always go play with my friends, but they were all very good. After a few weeks of playing with them, I started to get better. Now I make a lot of good plays on the court. All my friends are happy that I have gotten so much better.
Outside was completely hot. Dan and his brother decided to go to an indoor gym. They packed their belongings and headed to the car. The buckle of the seat belt burned Dan. He left the air-conditioning on for a few minutes before leaving.
Brenna and I used to be best friends. I talked about her behind her back. She found out. She started ignoring me. We never talked again.
I had HIV. I didn't tell my girlfriend. I gave her HIV. She got angry and had the police arrested. I now knew that it was a felony to not disclose my HIV status.
It had been raining hard for several hours. The street in front of the Smith house was beginning to flood. Mrs Smith ran outside to move the car before the water reached it. It was too late, water had already seeped in and soaked the interior. The upholstery had to be replaced because of mold growth.
Henry bought chocolates from the store. He shared it between his friends. Andrew started to have breathing problems. He noticed that peanuts were inside of the chocolate bar. His friends had to take him to the hospital.
Anthony could not find his parents. He was in the mall and it was very crowded. He began to cry because he couldn't find them. After a while, a nice police officer helped Anthony. Finally, he saw his parents again.
I went to work with a jacket on due to cold weather. My boss informed me that I couldn't have a jacket with a hood. I got nervous as I thought about the cold. This was the only jacket I owned. I cleverly tucked the hood into my jacket so my boss couldn't see.
I once felt like doing something romantic in a random way. I bought a rose and decided to give it to the first girl I saw. I entered the college cafeteria, seeing a girl sitting alone. I strolled up and gave her the rose. Just then a huge guy appeared, asking what I said to his girlfriend.
Rita had just gotten her driver's license. She really wanted a car of her own. Her parents told her she had to save her money. She got a job at the local pet store to earn money for her car. Over time, she saved enough money to buy herself the car she wanted.
Julius was tired of waking up to his noisy neighbors. He went to their door and knocked loudly. Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise. The neighbors were defiant and slammed the door in his face. Julius then decided to move and was happy with the decision.
A fisherman living in a jungle noticed dark rainclouds. He ran back to his tribe to warn them of the storm. The rain became very intense, and the fisherman was worried. Suddenly, the fisherman was hit by lightning and was knocked out cold. He woke up later in his village, safe from the storm and ok.
Cindy was watching a movie. But suddenly, all of the power in her house went out. Cindy was really upset. But her mom suggested going outside to start a campfire. Cindy and her mom had fun roasting marshmallows in their backyard.
Jon worked for minimum wage. He decided to find a better job. He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis. It was hard work for very little pay. Eventually, he finished his apprenticeship and became a programmer.
Henry passed a box of M&Ms to his friend Lisa as they left class. She smiled and thanked him for the sweet gesture. She opened the box as she walked to her next class. Inside was a note asking her to prom! She ran back to tell him that she would go with him.
Louis raced his bike down the street with training wheels. His dad took the training wheels off of the bike. Louis and his dad practiced riding the bike without the training wheel. Louis fell a few times and scraped his knees. After practicing, Louis rode his bike without training wheels.
Kate and her family were watching TV. There was breaking news about a bridge collapse in their city. They showed scenes from the bridge. It was hard to believe this was really happening. They all stood and watched in total shock.
When Sarah was growing up, she attended Meekins Middle School. She was bullied a lot there and developed low self-esteem. Once she was beaten in the locker room by a black girl. The black girl told her it was because she was a lesbian. Sarah isn't a lesbian, but she does have short hair.
Bernie stole a sandwich from the store. His mom knew Bernie did not have any money. His mom accused Bernie of stealing. Bernie admitted that he had stole. Bernie and his mom returned to the store to pay for the sandwich.
Dominik like to draw, he doodled all the time. He had a very hard time drawing people though. His mother told him to keep trying. She took him to the library for books to show him how to draw people. After a few weeks of practice, he could now draw people better.
Andrea wanted to go on the school trip. In order to go, she had to pass a history test. She took the test that morning. While she waited for the results, she was so anxious. Finally, the results were posted and saw that she had passed.
I got a call from the hospital. My doctor told me to stop everything I'm doing and come to her. Although I was nervous, I tried to drive calmly. The front desk worker sent me to an office. The doctor diagnosed me with leukemia.
Alexia was a computer programmer for a living. She liked being one of the few women in the field. She felt powerful being a female programmer and loved it. She was in this career for the past ten years. Alexia would not trade it for anything in the world.
Lucy went to the fair. She wanted to ride the new train. It was closed that day for repairs. She decided to try the pirate ship instead. She ended up having a lot of fun conquering her fear of heights.
Two friends drank beer at an overlook in a park. One friend finished a beer and looked at the bottle. He stood at the edge and threw it into the distance. A faint shattering sound was heard. The other friend shook his face in disgust.
Charlie loved to play catch with his dad. He decided to try out for the school baseball team. When he got to the tryouts he realized he forgot his glove. Charlie still did well even without a glove. He made the team and made sure to bring his glove to practice.
Kia stayed out late at a party. She arrived home well after curfew. She knew her parents would hear her if she came in the front door. Instead, she slipped in through the basement window. Then she tiptoed upstairs and into her bed!
Fred was the only member of his family who didn't speak French. He decided it was time for him to learn. He enrolled in a course that required him to speak French every day. Fred's French language skill improved slowly. Finally Fred was able to speak French.
The man kicked the rug. It caused him to fall. That made him angry. He threw the rug in the yard. His wife found the rug the next day.
Pluto was extremely lonely. Nobody cared about him anymore. As he floated through space he saw a little flash of light. A shiny spaceship took pictures of him and it went by. Pluto was happy it hadn't been forgotten!
Chad went to get the wheel alignment measured on his car. The mechanic drove the car around the block to check. As he turned, he hit another driver. Chad took a look at the new damage on the car. The mechanic provided a working alignment with new body work.
Marcy loved to dance. Her friends said she had no coordination. She decided to prove them wrong by taking dance lessons. She invited everyone to her recital. Marcy's friends were in awe of how far she had come in her dancing.
Sue liked sandals. She had several pairs in green and pink. One day she went to the new sandal shop in town. She saw the prettiest pair of orange and blue sandals. Sue happily bought the new sandals.
I was getting ready for school. However, a rain shower broke out. Since the shower was heavy, I didn't go to school. I took off my school clothes. In addition, I decided to sit by the window and watch the rain.
Angela wanted to bake something. She made an amazing blueberry pie. She put it in the oven and waited for it to be done. Eventually, the oven dinged. She pulled it out of the oven and it smelled great!
Gwen was married to Gavin. One day, Gwen met Blake. She decided she didn't want to be married to Gavin anymore. They divorced. Now Gwen is in a relationship with Blake.
Gina was trying to catch up with her crush Jamie. He was far ahead and there were lot's of people between them. She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd. Finally she was right behind him. Gina was almost within reach of the door.
Last month I visited my family in Philadelphia. I drove all the way up there from Florida. The ride was long, but the scenery on the way was awesome! When I got to Philadelphia, I told my family all about the trip there. They really enjoyed hearing about my trip.
I was hungry and there wasn't much food in the house. I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store. Once at the store, I walked around and selected my groceries. I went back to the front of the store and paid for my items. I rode my bike back home and cooked spaghetti for dinner.
Catherine was feeling insecure about her face. She was getting older and had wrinkles. She decided to get a facelift. Her doctor did an excellent job. Everyone said she looked like she'd lost 10 years!
Boris wanted to learn the violin. Alas, his parents wanted him to focus on academics. His parents struck a bet with him. They bet that if he passed his exams then he could learn violin. Sure enough, Boris passed his exams and could learn violin!
Lucy wanted her cartilage pierced. She was concerned it would hurt though. Her brother ended up taking her. She squirmed in her seat, But when the man put the earring in it did not even hurt.
Nate just bought a new dresser from the store. He had to assemble the dresser himself. He was having some problems and the drawers did not line up. He call his friend to help him. Together they were able to put the dresser together properly.
Alex always enjoyed making money, it made her really happy. At a very young age she started saving her money. By the time she was the age of 25 she had a fortune. She finally decided to invest her money and became richer. She lived a rich woman and all because she liked to save her money.
Nia went to the lake to swim. She had loved swimming there as a little girl. But when she arrived as an adult, she was disappointed. The lake was brown and polluted. Nia sadly left without swimming at all.
Tim wants to have stew for dinner tonight. He went to the store to buy his supplies. He spent a lot of time chopping vegetables. Tim realizes that he doesn't own a slow-cooker. He ends up having a large salad for dinner instead.
Kylie was at the mall. She had filled a whole basket at a store, and was ready to check out. She went to pay but saw that she had forgotten her wallet. She had to go all the way home and get it. Finally, she came back and paid for her things.
An old man tended a beautiful rose garden. Every day he cut roses and gave them to his granddaughter. Eventually the man became too old and died. The grand daughter grew to cared for the rose garden herself. Now she cuts roses every day and gives them to her daughter.
I was driving home one day when I saw an injured duck by the road. He was on his side, his left leg bent forward awkwardly. Sadly, this duck had been struck by a car, a hit and run. I took the duck home, binding his leg with coban, setting the leg. Hoppy the duck lives in our backyard now, doing fine with one leg.
Roger was on a diet his doctor prescribed. He went to the bakery one day and ordered a cake. The woman behind the counter knew him, and knew about his diet. She refused to sell him the cake. Roger huffed and left the bakery in a hurry.
Vince bets his friends he is faster. Vince lines up to race. Vince smokes his friends. He leaves them in the dust. Vince won the race and proved his friends wrong.
Linda was doing her morning walk one day. She saw a stray puppy laying in the street. She noticed the puppy did not have any tags. Linda put up photos in the neighborhood but no one claimed the puppy. She raised the puppy in her home over the next ten years.
Donald used to wait on a bus stop for a school bus every morning. This morning he came a little bit later than usual. He found out his bus left without him. He called his mom. She took him to school by car.
Marcus takes a new job working at a ranch. On his first day, all of his new coworkers make fun of his sneakers. Marcus decides he needs to buy a pair of work boots. He buys a comfortable but sturdy pair of tall brown boots. Now Marcus has great footwear for his new ranch job.
It had all come down to this. Mary had to answer this last question for the win. Her team was anxious, but knew Mary was very smart. The question came and she thought hard about it. Mary came up with the right answer and her team celebrated!
Perry lied to his mom about where he had been the night before. He told her he was at a buddy's house playing video games. Perry had gone to a party where there was underage drinking and drugs. Perry finally told his mother because he knew it was wrong. He was grounded for a month but was glad he told his mom the truth.
We drove by Boston University on Monday. I saw two students pushing a hamper across the street. The wheels of the hamper got stuck in the trolley tracks. A trolley was approaching, a quarter of a mile away. Luckily they freed the hamper.
Larry went through the drive through of the mexican restaurant. He ordered a burrito and a side of beans. The lady at the window handed him his bag, but Larry dropped it. He opened his truck door to pick it up, but hit the wall. Larry was embarrassed and drove away without his burrito.
Susan invited her friend to go apple picking. The girls went picking for a few hours. They had a blast. At the end Susan picked two barrels. They had enough for their big families.
Tony was taking an online math class. And he was studying for a quiz. He became impatient and wanted to get the quiz over with. So he took the quiz before he was ready. Tony rushed through the quiz and got a D.
Charles never liked to work very hard in school. His family did not expect he would graduate. Finally Charles decided to apply himself and work harder. He just barely passed all of his classes. Charles wished he had begun working hard in school earlier.
Tom was playing kickball with friends. He had a few too many beers. Tom was losing bad. He got genuinely upset about it after a while. Tom kicked the ball away and walked off.
Tim was at his prom. His date really wanted to dance. Tim gave it a try. Unfortunately he was terrible and kept stepping on her. Tim didn't dance again the entire night.
Scott needed a job. After submitting many applications, he did not get called back. Determined, Scott started offering to wash his neighbors cars for pay. Some of Scott's neighbors took him up on his offer. Now Scott has a regular clientele and a thriving business.
Tom was eating at a restaurant. His food was too salty. He asked if they could replace it for him. The new food he got was completely bland. Tom didn't complain again but also didn't return.
I was sitting on the bench last month. Our building bench is in front of a driveway. A taxi was parked in the driveway, and the driver looked angry. An old man came out and the driver said he was 30 minutes late. The old man only smiled at the glaring taxi driver.
Ann was having problems getting her kids to do their homework. She feared it was all of the electronics they were always on. Ann read on a website ways to encourage children to their work. She started a reward chart, giving the kids time online for rewards. It proved useful in encouraging better behavior.
When I was young, everyone was lying around sleeping. We thought our dad was a hundred miles away working. He didn't even live with us and rarely visited. My sister suddenly jumped up and said dad's here. We got in the car to look for him, as he came around the corner.
Todd and Bob planned a ski trip. They bought all their equipment. They purchased their lift tickets. They drove to the mountains. When they arrived, the pass was closed.
Tim told Jane he was allergic to peanuts. Jane thought Tim was a hypochondriac. She decided to test it by giving Tim a cookie with ground peanuts. Tim started choking moments after biting the cookie. Jane acted like she didn't know why Tim was choking.
I wanted to make jalapeno poppers yesterday. I took the jalapenos out of the freezer. When I put them in the microwave I walked away. To my dismay, there was a small fire. I immediately had to shut it off.
Bobby was four and didn't know how to swim yet. His family was going to the beach in a few weeks. His father wanted him to know how to swim before they went. Bobby's mother signed him up for lessons. She couldn't believe how quickly he learned!
I decided to go take a shower before starting my homework. While I was bathing, my mom stepped into the bathroom. She knew that I was bathing but still decided to use the toilet. Once she flushed the toilet, the water pressure decreased. I didn't enjoy the rest of my bath since the water was cold.
A woman really loved macs. Her macbook broke one day. She considered changing to Windows. She decided to buy a Windows computer. She actually really liked it!
Angie was going on a trip. She packed her clothes and other things she needed. Angie drove to the hotel where she was staying. She unpacked her bags to put things away. Angie had forgotten her toothbrush!
My frequent heartburn gradually became reflux and acid indigestion. I took Mylanta occasionally and tried to ignore it, feeling too busy. When it was constant pain in my gut, I admitted I had a gastric ulcer. I finally took time to listen to what my body was telling me. My health demanded I delegate stressful tasks and allow play time.
Ted was an American citizen. He was called upon to perform jury duty one week. He notified his employer. He drove to the courthouse the next day. He successfully completed the jury duty he was asked to do.
She knew she needed to go to the hospital. She grabbed her keys and a bag. She put a towel down in the seat. She leaked on it all the way there. She was starting to go into labor.
Telman Thurgood was a lanky kid. He'd always had trouble getting his limbs to work the way he wanted. The kids at school made fun of him because of this. His mother told him to ignore them, and that he had a destiny. Telman brought home olympic gold in swimming at the age of 19.
Yesterday i jammed my thumb on my desk. It hurt real bad but i didn't do anything about it. My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling. I probably should've listened because today it's swelled up. I told my buddy next time I'll listen to him.
The election was coming up soon. Voters were registered. Each party was rallying for its candidate. Election day came and the polls opened. The results were posted for each candidate.
Sam recently had to get her car repaired. The car expense made her go into debt. Sam decided to sell her car. She found a seller through an online website. Sam was able to pay off her car bills afterwards.
Chloe and her husband were on a mission trip. The trip involved interacting with many foreign children. One child named Emmy, connected with Chloe more than others. Chloe was so touched that she decided to adopt her. Chloe and her husband flew her back to the US with them.
Everyone was excited to watch the new Batman movie. We were all lined up. I was first in line and it felt great. As soon as the door open we all ran. I got the best seats in the theatre.
Keith was really proud of his baseball card collection. He liked to spend time organizing and admiring his collection. A friend of Keith's wanted to buy the cards and made him an offer. Keith thought hard about it, knowing he could use the cash. The thought of selling made him too sad, however, so he said no.
It was bedtime at our house. Two of the three kids hit the pillow and fall asleep. The third is a trouble maker. For two hours he continues to get out of bed and want to play. Finally he becomes tired and falls asleep.
Rick decided to eat whenever he got stressed out. But he developed various health problems. He realized he needed another activity to help reduce his stress. So he tried learning how to cook various types of food. But Rick couldn't help over indulging in them.
Amy was buying new athletic shoes. She looked online to get prices before going to the store. When she arrived she found the shoes were $30 more than online. The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper. Amy left the store upset with the deception.
Billy and Jean were swimming in the inflatable pool. Bradley was running towards the pool. When he got close, he jumped into the middle. Although he was fine, there was a hole in the inflatable. The pool ended up sinking.
The woman was frustrated that her husband bought lottery tickets. She decided to punish him by wasting some money on tickets. She bought ten dollars of tickets. She failed at her attempt to teach him a lesson. She won one million dollars.
Heather stole Ryan's phone. Ryan tried to look for it everywhere. Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it. Heather walked away and the phone fell out her pocket. Ryan snatched his phone back and reported Heather to administration.
Tom was giving a presentation at work. He started coughing uncontrollably. Tom tried drinking water and clearing his throat. Unfortunately it didn't help. Tom had to cancel the presentation.
Manuel is old. He works a lot. His doctor told him he needed to get some rest. Manuel didn't listen. Manuel ended up in the hospital.
Michelle and Julia loved going out to eat. They especially loved going to bizarre places to try weird foods. Most of these foods were slimy or spicy. They had fun recounting their food adventures with friends. Julia loved having Michelle as her food adventure friend.
John was out at the park with some friends. He was asked to play a game with them. He left his phone on the hood of someone's car. John finished playing the game with his friends. He comes back to get his phone and it's gone.
Tom was walking home. He found a wallet on the street. It only had and ID in it. Tom mailed it to the address on it. Months later he got a letter thanking him.
He waited on the edge of the crowd, biding his time. He instinctively kept opening and closing his hand into a fist. He weaved along the crowd's edge with excitement. Suddenly he pushed his way in and walked to the edge of the counter. He felt his confidence grow as he took aim and scored a ten.
Anna wishes to learn to ride a bike. She talks her friend into helping her learn. He explains the mechanics of bike riding to her. They spend most of the day practicing riding the bike. At the end of the day, Anna finally rides the bike by herself.
Beth ground some peanuts. She added some honey and some salt. She mixed together the ingredients. She left the mixture in her backyard. A black bear came into her yard later that day to investigate.
Allison was getting ready for school. As she got on the bus she realized something. Her zipper was open. She was embarrassed. She could not get it to shut.
Tom was driving around when his car broke down. The gas gauge showed it had fuel. Tom had to call for help. They told him he had no gas in his car. The gauge had just gotten stuck.
In 2006 the NCAA Women's Final Four was held in Boston. I worked for the MBTA then. We were sent to sit at a table at Park Street Station. We were supposed to help visitors to Boston. Only a few people asked questions.
Lynn is unhappy in her marriage. Her husband is never good to her and shows her no attention. One evening Lynn tells her husband she is going out with her friends. She really goes out with a man from work and has a great time. Lynn continues dating him and starts having an affair.
Lainey failed her test. She needed to retake it. Her teacher offered her a second chance. She did the test after school. This time she passed.
My sister-in-law lost her husband in 2015. She had nobody else at home. She has started to visit her sister in Greenfield, 90 miles away. Last week she inquired about buying a house in that area. Her sister approves of the idea.
A few days ago I decided to take my dog Sable for a walk. She is a half-pit bull half-bulldog with a lot of strength. After I got her leash on I opened the garage to head outside. She tried bolting out of the garage and dragged me along with her. After the half hour walk my muscles were sore as if I had worked out.
Today I broke my electric tea kettle. I needed a new one so I checked on some Yelp reviews. Yelp pulled up quite a few stores near me. I chose the highest rated one, Macys. I went into Macy's and bought myself a new tea kettle.
I was out playing the other night. It was starting to get late and my mom called me in. I was too far away so I couldn't hear her. When I finally got back home she was very mad. I was so late that I missed dinner.
Andy hosted a checker party at his house with dress requirements. Everyone had to wear clothing with a checker pattern on it. Kyle showed up with a plaid shirt. Andy held a vote to see if Kyle's shirt qualified. The vote was unanimous and Kyle had to change.
Victoria was in school and working on a special project. She needed to trace her family history for a report. She consulted her mom who had a ton of information. Victoria was amazed to learn about her family's origins. By the end of the project she had a personal interest in her heritage.
After leaving the restaurant, Maria called her boyfriend back. Maria's boyfriend said that there had been a fire at his work. He told Maria that he was coming home early because of the fire. Maria said she was on her way home as well. Maria said goodbye and walked home to her house.
Tom got a call from the library. They told him he needed to return a book. Tom forgot he still had it. He looked in several places to find it. He eventually found it and returned it.
My daughter's friend in middle and high school lives in CA. She used to live in MA. She came by to visit last week. Her mom had to put their 17-year old cat down. She posted a tribute on FB.
The Smiths got a new juicer. They excitedly unboxed it and set it up in their kitchen. The Smiths put in all sorts of fresh fruit. They giggled as it swirled and blended together. Together, the family enjoyed their freshly juiced beverages.
Jen's in laws frustrated her to no end. They all went out to have lunch. At lunch, the in laws made it a point to ask Jen about her weight. Jen told them that she had gained a few pounds in the last two weeks. They still worried that Jen looked too thin and offered her some cake.
Carol had just finished mopping. Her kids arrived at home shortly after. They ran in and dragged mud all over the floor. Carol had to mop all over again. She lectured her kids about responsibility.
Kate was a young mom, and wanted to start a blog. She wrote many truthful posts about how hard it is to be a mom. Other moms started taking offense to her posts. They accused her of being a bad mom. Kate deleted her blog.
In 1975 I went with mother on a bus tour. A local company in Chinatown chartered a bus. We went to Plymouth and saw the Rock. We walked through Plimoth Plantation before going home. I miss my mother, now departed.
I lend my sweater to my brother to wear for one day. After several weeks, he decided to swear the same sweater a few times. He told me that it was comfortable and as families, we should share. Since the sweater was already worn out, I told him to keep it. He immediately thanked me and gave me a hug.
Everyone told Ana to quit her cable plan and get Netflix. They promised she'd save so much money! Ana was convinced, and she canceled her cable. But then she saw that there was nothing good on Netflix! Ana went right back to cable TV!
I saw Forrest Gump on a church trip. I remember that being a big deal. It wasn't the best movie for a church trip. There was a pastor that went with us. He regretted showing the movie.
Lana was on a hike with her boyfriend. The hike involved passing many steep edges. She was really nervous and having trouble finishing the trail. Finally she decided to go back. She felt bad, but overall she thought she was better off safe.
Jack had received an F on his math test. His mom scolded him when she found out he did not study. Jack starting studying for his next math test with the help of his mom. Jack was pleasantly  surprised when on his next test he got an A. At a treat he and his mom went to get ice cream for all of his effort.
Sarah was on a bus to her work. She had to pee very badly. She couldn't hold it much longer. She got off the bus early to pee. She caught the next bus to work.
Yesterday I went into my office where I dispatch for a limo company. The phones were ringing off the hook from the moment I arrived. I started working right away, stressed out but working hard. After a few hours the phones finally slowed down and I could breath. I was thankful that I made it through that storm.
Dan bought a new muscle car. He was showing it off at a parking lot. He was making smoke and noise and marking the lot. Eventually the cops pulled up Dan got in a minor bit of problem.
We went to get an ice cream as a family. We went to mcdonald's to get mcflurries. We all were craving the ones with m&ms. When we got there, we found out they didn't make them anymore. We left and went to sonic instead.
The cat next door looked very evil. It always started whenever you walked by. The other day, it actually chased a small boy across the street. However, today the same small boy was petting it and it looked happy. Cats are very flippant creatures.
Veronica wanted to change her hairstyle. Veronica wanted something very unique. Veronica decided that she would dye her hair an unconventional color. After deciding on the color, Veronica visited the hair salon. Veronica was pleased with her hair color, after all it was green.
My dad was a scientist. He worked at a food laboratory in Boston. They worked on making new foods for the Army. Sometimes he would bring home packages of meat and soup for us. It was actually very good.
The man didn't follow the rules. His friends noticed. His friends wanted the man to follow the rules. The man didn't want to. The man lost his friends.
I was giving a friend English lessons everyday for about three weeks. As time went on, I began to develop attraction towards him. I thought he might like me too so I didn't hide my attraction. Then I found out he had feelings for someone else. We stopped the lessons and didn't talk much after that.
When I was a kid, my mom and dad divorced. After the divorce, my mom wouldn't let me see my dad. When I got older, my dad contacted me. He wanted to have lunch and talk. I showed up, but he did not show up that day.
Libraries were Jana's favorite place to hang out. She would spend all her free time at the local library. She would help keep things organized while she was there. Jana was offered a paid internship by the Librarian. Jana happily accepted the offer.
Dee's friend recently moved a little out of town. She was throwing a party, and sent Dee directions. Dee had never been to that area, and felt lost. She got to the party, but not before driving around a lot. Dee fell in love with the area driving, and eventually moved there.
Gary's mom was trying to call him. After several minutes, she wasn't able to contact him. Gary didn't notice the missed calls until the meeting finished. When he got outside, his mom left. Therefore, a friend offered him a ride.
Tina was driving home. It was dark and she got a flat tire. She pulled over to the side of the road. While calling for help a cop pulled up. The cop changed her tire for her.
Vera is 6 years old and getting ready to start first grade. She is very excited but nervous as well. Vera now gets to ride the bus with her cousin everyday. On the first day, Vera and her cousin joined hands and got on the bus. They had a great day and Vera wasn't nervous anymore.
Angela was on her school bus. A group of girls was taunting her about her hair style. Angela was starting to get fed up. Finally, Angela turned to them and told them off. The girls rolled their eyes and left her alone, and Angela was happy.
A scientist walked up to a podium in a crowded room. He took out his speech from a folder and tapped the mic. The room fell silent as he began his presentation. The scientist explained that a comet was headed right towards earth. He left his speech at the podium and left without taking questions.
A few weeks ago we went to a Tierney Sutton jazz concert. My 98 year old friend Joe was in the lobby. He asked us where we were going. He said next time he would like to go with us. I felt sad about Joe, as he is very lonely.
Greg kicked over the lantern on accident. The gas from the lantern spilled out and caught on fire. The fire spread to some dry grass. Greg and his friends rushed to put out the fire. They were covered in soot and exhausted at the end.
I was tending to my garden in late November. I didn't realize that my Kumquat tree was still blooming. I was trimming it when all of the sudden hundreds of bees emerged. I screamed and ran inside! Alas, I was stung by twelve bees!
I visited the seashore on a cold windy day. I walked out on some rocks to watch the waves. Two large waves hit the rock I was standing on at the same time. Water shot high into the air and fell on me. I was cold and wet the rest of the day.
Neil had just arrived in Turkey. He set out to explore the city of Antioch. He saw many churches and cathedrals. Then he had an excellent lunch of street food. Neil really loved Antioch!
Mike's sister told him a steam train was coming through his town. Mike loves to photograph trains so he went to take pictures. His sister gave him the wrong time so the train was not there. Mike's sister bought tickets for him to ride the train instead. Mike was very happy because he rode the train another day.
Allie and her friend wanted to play basketball. They decided to verse each other. Allison had the lead at first. Then her friend had the other lead. Finally Allie won.
Jane decided to dye her hair. She tried to do it herself. Jane wound up messing it up pretty badly. The hair looked weird and she stained her scalp. Jane had to get it professionally fixed.
I was cutting wood in my garage. I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air. I began to cough and my chest hurt. I decided to put on a mask. Now, my lungs were safe!
Phil worked his way up from cook to general manager. When the owner retired, he sold the place to Phil. Phil found it difficult, running a business. There were times he wished he was still just an employee. He kept at it and the place was more popular than before.
One morning, Sarah woke up hungry. She walked into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of milk. The milk fell out of the carton in globs of milk. She threw the carton of milk away. Sara made a cup of coffee instead.
Tim was playing games with Jeb. Jeb always won. Tim thought he cheated. The yelled at each other. They then decided to make up and not fight.
Jimmy and James were music stars. They could not really sing. One evening while performing at a concert something happens. The record skips. The crowd and whole world find out that Jimmy and James are frauds.
Rory really wanted to make more friends. He asked his Mom and Dad how to make friends. They both told him to do kind things for people. Rory helped a boy who dropped all of his books in the hall. Rory made a friend from his kindness.
The smith family had a special dog. His name was spot. The family decided to go camping in the woods. When they awoke the next morning he was gone. The searched to the ends of the woods but couldn't find him.
I am interested in reading Woman on the Other Shore. A used copy cost $45. I saw various websites offering free pdf downloads of the book. I tried a few without success. I decided to read another book.
Gary was playing football with Lance. He threw the ball with a strong thrust. However, it landed in the neighbor's backyard. Gary decided to go in the yard to get the ball quickly. The angry neighbor ran towards him with a bat.
Nala was at a family picnic. A bee approached her drink, and she shooed it away. But the bee stung her! Nala's arm immediately began to swell. That was how she discovered she was allergic to bees.
Mario truly loved Margaret. But Margaret was tired of his cheating. Mario wrote her a long letter. But Margaret just threw it out. Mario became very depressed after that.
Carson was a basketball player. He challenged his friend to a basketball game. His friend was a professional basketball player. Carson doubted his ability to win the game. Surprisingly, Carson won the game by twenty points!
Denise wasn't very religious. After some hardships she turned to god. ONe of the first things she did was go to confession. She felt weird and nervous at first. After she felt relieved and confident.
Neal needed to find his old school ring. He looked for it in every room in the house. He just couldn't understand where he'd last had it. Then he remembered he'd taken it into town for re-sizing. He called the store he'd taken it to and, by golly, they had the ring.
Tom was late on his bills. His job didn't pay enough to help him catch up. He had to swallow his pride and ask his parents for help. His parents were more than happy to. Tom felt bad but was thankful.
Jason would like to wake up earlier in the morning. However, Jason really liked to sleep. Jason looks online for ideas to make it easier to wake up earlier. Jason buys a special alarm clock that uses light to help you wake up. The new alarm clock helps Jason wake up earlier.
Shalil works as a product manager. Shalil saved on costs by incorporating advertising into the product. A researcher discovered that his code was insecure. Many digital news outlets covered the researcher's work. Shalil still got his yearly bonus.
A new burger place opened up. I was tempted to try it. So I walked in. Then I realized it was too expensive. So I walked out.
Lisa was not feeling too good. The car was getting hot. She was afraid she would throw up. Lisa tried so hard not to get sick. It was no use because she ended up throwing up.
Jill was holding her baby. She noticed that his pajamas were wet. She took them off. Then, she put them in the washer. Finally, she dried them.
I had waited all year for the blood oranges on my tree to ripen. The birds had eaten quite a few before they were ripe. The weather had gotten cold enough overnight to sweeten them. Sadly there only four oranges to pick from the tree. We got together for the occasion and savored every bit of the oranges
Ralph decided he wanted fresh turkey for Thanksgiving dinner. He bought a turkey and put it in his backyard. The day before Thanksgiving, he went into the yard to kill the turkey. The turkey fought Ralph, and broke his glasses. Ralph's family had ham for Thanksgiving dinner.
We had an outdoor luncheon today. Our building sponsored the event. A lot of young women brought their children. One mother breastfed her baby publicly. As this is Cambridge, MA, nobody minded at all.
It was around 2:00 AM when Pam decided to walk home. It was a 15 minute walk, but she was taking it slow. After being pre-occupied on her phone for awhile, she noticed someone. The stranger had been following her for awhile, and looked suspicious. She ran the whole route until she arrived at her house, safe from him.
Jason decided to go sledding. He found his sled in the garage. He walked to the big snowy hill. Jason climbed to the top with his sled. Jason went down the big hill on his sled.
Ashley wanted to be a unicorn for Halloween. She looked all over for a unicorn costume. She wasn't able to find one. Ashley saw a cute cowgirl costume at the store. She decided to be a cowgirl instead.
I went for a fun drive on Sunday. I knew the market square was always crowded, then. I floored my car through the pedestrians, knocking them all down. My car stalled out from all the blood and brain matter in the engine. It was very awkward getting out of my car in the gathering crowd.
The family took their boat out. They sailed all day on Lake Michigan. They returned to the dock and tied the boat up. It had been a lovely day on the water. They couldn't wait to do it again.
Richard saved his money from his job for years. He purchased camera equipment and travel tickets. Richard drove out to a national park with his camera. When he set up his camera, a bear began to charge at him. He had to leave his camera and drive away from the park.
One time my mom was on the phone. I was a kid. I started to put all the breakable household things in a bag. My mom did not know why I did that. I must have been bored.
My sister and I took singing lessons when younger. Our teachers thought it would be fun to do a duet for the recital. We performed a song from Annie get your gun where the lines traded off I remembered my lines but my sister forgot hers. I was very embarrassed and stopped singing lessons.
Michelle put some Kool-Aid in a wine glass. She began to sip the Kool-Aid in front of her Mom. Michelle was getting yelled at and told she was grounded. Michelle began to laugh and her Mom thought she was drunk. Michelle let her Mom taste the Kool-Aid and they both laughed.
John had asked Amanda for a date. She accepted, but he had so little money! He was worried, until he thought of a plan. He rented a video and made some popcorn at home. The couple watched at home and had a great time!
Kia's friends invited her to a haunted house. She agreed to go, but had low expectations. She doubted she'd actually be scared. Surprisingly, though, the house was very spooky! Kia had to admit she was pleasantly surprised.
Tori was driving her new Mercedes when something unexpected happened. Her car broke down. She couldn't believe it. She called AAA immediately. Thankfully someone came and rescued her.
Sam was going to take a shower. He left the room to get a towel. Sam left the water running. In the other room he got sidetracked. Sam's parents scolded him for wasting water.
Marvin picked some flowers for his girlfriend. He walked to his girlfriend's house. He saw his girlfriend outside kissing another man. Marvin turned around to go home. He gave the flowers to his mom instead.
It was the 2nd Christmas with Amy's new boss. Her team decided they didn't like the way he managed them. When Amy asked the team for money on his gift most people declined. Only 2 people were interested so they decided not to give him a gift. Amy regretted her decision when he gave everyone thoughtful gifts.
We had a retirement party last Saturday. My wife's coworker came from Dorchester. She called, lost, saying her gps was down. We gave her directions from Central Square in Cambridge. She was a little late but we were glad to see her.
Kenny and Stan set up a lemonade stand on their front lawn. It was a hot day, perfect for lemonade. By noon they had sold out all they had. They were twelve dollars richer! The decided they would make even more to sell tomorrow.
Dani was at her cousin's house during a big rain storm. She wanted to drive home. She waited until there seemed to be a break in the rain. Dani drove halfway home and had to pull over because of the rain. Her car ended up getting stuck in the mud and had to be towed.
Ina walked along the shores of Lake Erie. She saw lovely tooth-shaped rocks and wondered about them. Her mom explained that they were horn coral fossils. Ina collected a big pail full of them. Later, she displayed them proudly in her bedroom!
The man took a picture. He looked at the photo. He was not happy with the framing. He moved his location. He took another picture.
Jay became dehydrated after being sick. He was the star quarterback and wanted to play in the game. The coach was concerned about this health and benched him. Jay finally got back in better health. He was able to play again and helped win the next game.
Tina's boyfriend was mad at her. She would always break her promises. She promised him that she would stop. Unfortunately she broke that promises really quickly. Tina was dumped.
Carla stood on the block nervously. It was her first swim meet! She crouched down and dove in when she heard the beep. She swam as quickly as she could. She ended up with a 3rd place medal.
Tom was having a glass of water at night. He dropped it. The glass shattered into pieces. Tom tried to clean it all up but missed a piece. He was stuck by it later.
My cousin decided to study abroad. She traveled across the world to Australia. There, she saw many species of interesting wildlife. She made new friends. She was sad to come back to the United States.
Sharon went to visit her aunt. Her house was quite far away, so she took a plane. During the flight, she fell asleep. When she woke up, the plan had already arrived. She continued on from the airport to her aunt's house.
Kevin went to the beach with his wife one day. They went into the water and began to swim around. Suddenly, Kevin felt a sharp pain in his foot. He looked down and saw he was badly stabbed by a pufferfish. They swam to shore, and Kevin's girlfriend called 911 for help.
Maxine worked the overnight shift at the diner. An old man would always come in and sit in her section. One day, she noticed he seemed down in the dumps. She sat across from him and they talked for a while. He left her a ten dollar tip on a six dollar tab.
Mark went out to eat at an Italian restaurant. Looking at the menu, he noticed the prices for pizzas. He thought they were ridiculously overpriced. He ordered one to better understand why they were so expensive. Taking a bite, he immediately realized why they were priced so high.
Ellen was dissatisfied with the lack of greenery in her apartment. She purchased a mint plant and put it by a window. Its growth was temperamental and it leaned when not watered. In time it grew to a respectable size and Ellen used its leaves. Ellen liked the experience, and purchased several herbs thereafter.
Sally and Sam decided to go to the beach. They packed all their things in the car. They drove for two whole hours. When they got to the beach, it was beautiful. Sam and Sally swam in the ocean all day.
Andrea grew up on a farm with her dad. He taught her how to shoot a gun when she was little. Someone broke into her house yesterday. She caught them and pointed a gun at them. The man charged her and Andrea shot him in the leg.
Linda always wanted to visit Disney as a kid. Her parents could never afford to take her. One year Linda decided to surprise her parents. She bought them tickets to Disney as well as herself. Linda and her family enjoyed Disney together for the first time.
A young man presented his prom date with a corsage of lilies. Unbeknownst to him, she was allergic to lilies. She was too polite to say anything, however. She spent the entire evening sneezing and blowing her nose. It was ultimately much less romantic than either of them had planned.
Troy bet Willie he couldn't do a hundred push-ups. Willie took his bet and smacked his palms together. He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups. He did one hundred and one of them. Troy paid up and stopped making bets with Willie.
Kay was making a dress for her school fashion show. She was excited to show the school her talent. On the day of the show she arrived to find her model hadn't arrived. She called the model and there was no answer. Kay was sad she missed the chance to be a part of the show.
I picked up a book from the building club room today. It was an Agatha Christie paperback mystery. I tried to sell it on Amazon. The book was so old it started crumbling as I opened it. I threw the book away.
Gina wanted to sit in the front seat of the car. But her brother made it there before her. Initially she was disappointed. Until she realized there would be more room in the back seat. For the first time in the back seat there was no fighting for room.
Miranda loved classical music. She always wanted to see the symphony. Luckily her friend asked her to join. Miranda then attended on Saturday. It was impeccable.
We had mice in our condo one year. They squeezed in where the hot water pipes fed the baseboards. I bought an electric mouse trap. One day my son heard a popping sound. We opened the trap to find an electrocuted mouse.
A civil war general was shopping around for the best cannons. He went to a canon dealer to test a few out. None of the cannons were that great in his opinion. The dealer told him he was wrong and needed them to win. The general laughed and told him he'd rather throw rocks.
I invited Jenny to a trip to the zoo on a Saturday afternoon. She accepted, which made me both happy and nervous. We walked through the zoo and finally arrived at the giraffes. I climbed to the feeding platform and began feeding the giraffes. One of sneezed on me, leaving me drenched and embarrassed.
Saint Bernard puppies grow fast. When my Saint Bernard was a puppy, she had a high pitched bark. As she got older, her bark got deeper sounding. She would surprise herself when she barked. She thought it was another dog barking at her!
Lucas was at an orchestra concert. He did not enjoy listening to classical music. Lucas thought it would be funny to pretend to fall asleep. The people around him did not think it was funny. A security guard came by and asked him to wake up.
I have a high daily goal that I need to reach. I have almost reached it today. I am working diligently, because I have so many bills. I need to order my son's school clothes tonight. I will have them shipped as quickly as possible.
Tom was an avid tennis player. He frequently broke his strings. He was upset at paying large amounts of money to fix it. He bought his own racket stringer. He saved money by fixing his own racket string from then on.
Silan had to go to Buffalo for a marketing conference. On his way to the hotel he decided he would stop at the market. He saw this lady in the freezer section and thought what the hell. He made a move and they started kissing right up against the freezers. Silan couldn't believe he hooked up in a market on a marketing trip.
Frank wanted to make an impression on his friends. He thought a weird shirt design would catch their eyes. He found one with a chimpanzee drumming aggressively. He wore it to poker night. No one mentioned the shirt at all.
Jesse has been looking for full-time work for six months. He was feeling discouraged this week because of the long search. Fortunately, a company he interviewed with wants to hire him. The manager offered Jesse a good pay rate and health insurance. Jesse will start this new job on Monday and he's very happy.
Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car. Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in. After going in and out of about ten car lots, she narrowed it down . Cathy put her eyes on the convertible candy apple red Corvette Finally, Cathy finished all the paperwork and bought the Corvette.
Today I was so busy at work that I forgot to eat anything. I ran around all day, completed tasks and attended appointments. At the end of the day I noticed I had a headache and felt sluggish. I remembered that I hadn't eaten and made myself a snack. After I ate the snack I felt much better and regained my energy.
Larry never donated to charity. While shopping he was asked if he would like to. The cashier seemed pretty forward about it. Larry relented and agreed. He felt good about himself for a bit afterward.
Dale took Anna to a Chinese restaurant. Anna didn't like spicy food, so she ordered a hamburger. Dale made fun of Anna for the entire meal. Anna's feelings were hurt. She never wanted to go out with Dale again.
I never used paper towels. I thought they were too extraneous. When my husband moved in, he demanded I buy some. I went to the store and bought three. When I got home I realized I didn't buy a holder.
Jeff had been a hard worker at his office for a while. He was a very good worker. He was up for a promotion. Jeff waited nervously after his interview. His boss comes out to him to congratulate him on his promotion.
Charlie was addicted to smoking. He had a family and decided he needed to quit. His family helped him through this hard time. Eventually, he didn't even think about it anymore. He thought of how easy the past 3 months had been.
Teresa's mother was always exasperated with her. She never made her bed or cleaned her room. Teresa didn't mind the messiness but had to compromise. She did her bed every morning and cleaned her room once a week. Her mother accepted the terms and everything turned out fine.
Tim was terrified of swimming. His parents desperately wanted him to learn to swim. Tim's parents signed him up for swimming lessons at the local pool. At first, Tim was too scared to get into the pool. After a month, Tim was swimming on his own and started to enjoy it!
Jessie always wanted to eat cantaloupe. The only problem was that she never remembered to before it spoiled. She bought a melon at the store one day and forgot about it. Four days later, she found it completely moldy in the cabinet. She vowed to stop buying the cantaloupe.
Alice liked to tickle her friends. Usually in the armpits, sometimes the belly. One time she tickled too much. And her friend laughed so hard. She had to change her pants.
My husband and I wanted to have a baby. We spent a few months trying, then got pregnant. Pregnancy was rough, as I was very sick. Then after 9 months, I knew labor was starting. After 10 hours at the hospital, we had our new baby!
The Principal told all of the students to group together. He announced the beginning of a painting fight. Several buckets of paint were near them. All of the kids threw paint at each other. Their clothes and skin were stained with colorful paint.
Abed rolled his makeshift bed under the desk. He washed his face in the small bathroom attached to his office. He straightened his hair in one quick brush with his fingers. And finally ready, he opened the door. His first client came in, unaware of the makeshift bed under the desk.
I was exhausted one night driving home from school along the highway. I got a cup of coffee, turned on the radio, and tried to stay awake. My head nodded a couple of times, but I wasn't too concerned. Suddenly, an ambulance and police tore past, and my eyes snapped open. Seeing a wreck up the road was a scary lesson about driving drowsy.
Yesterday I had the worst motion sickness. It was nearly 100 degrees in the car and I felt sick. After I was reading my text messages, I shut my eyes. I felt like I was going to throw up. I ended up throwing up but felt better after that.
Elle had taken sewing classes for weeks. She was determined to sew her mom a hat for Christmas. She cut and stitched and decorated, working hard. She was so nervous that her mom wouldn't like the hat. But that hat was the only one her mom wore all winter!
Jack wanted to rollerskate. He did not have any skates. Jack asked his brother Sam if he could borrow his. Sam agreed to lend Jack his skates. Jack had a great time rollerskating with his friends.
Miley had been single for a while. Against her will, she agreed to go on a blind date her friends set up. She met her date James at a restaurant for dinner, then a movie. To her surprise, both people had a great time! Before parting ways, they planned a second date!
Jack was to meet them at 6:30 at the park. When he didn't arrived, they began to worry. Then, one of the group turned on the news. They saw a report of Jack's death. He had been shot in a drive-by shooting on his way to the park.
Flumpty Bumpty had a dream to become a trombone player. The problem was that Flumpty had no money. Trombones being expensive and all, Flumpty hatched a plan. He decided to construct his own trombone. In the process, he came to love metalwork more than music.
Tina needed some textbooks. She decided to buy some used ones. It was a great deal. She found some for less than one dollar. She couldn't believe it.
Mike had a dog. He kept getting sick but couldn't figure out why. One day his mom made him have his allergies tested. His test came back. He was allergic to dogs.
One day Aaron and his friends went to a laser tag arena. They divided into a yellow team and a blue team. The battle was intense. The yellow team won. Afterward they got pizza.
During the war, Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train. He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited. The train came rushing at the chains. Dave watched as the train broke through all the chains. Dave was sad that his plan did not work.
Tim was sent to anger management class. He learned to work through his issues. Soon his anger grew gradually lower. In a few months he was calm and under control. Anger management classes had really worked for Tim!
Zack has been taking German. He has a test tomorrow. He has been studying all week. He felt well prepared. Zack made an A on his test.
Mike always got beat up at school by Billy. Mike began taking Jiu Jitsu class after school. About a week later Billy was picking on Mike. Mike took Billy down to the ground and put him in a choke hold. Billy no longer picks on Mike.
Leslie strove to stand up for his ideals. He was a natural leader of men. An underling poisoned half the people in the state with bad water. Leslie took responsibility despite having nothing to do with it. He resigned and the underling now has Leslie's old position.
Mary wanted to paint something for her cousin. She got some more paint from the store. She started to paint a picture. Mary gave her cousin her painting. Her cousin loved it.
It was that time of the year again. The pond's were beginning to freeze over. The boys were excited to go out and ice skate. They tested the ice to make sure it was safe before skating. It looked good and they were off ice skating the day away.
Lucy wants to make banana pudding for in time for Thanksgiving. She goes to the store on to purchase all of the groceries she needs. She spends all day Wednesday preparing her dessert. Lucy puts the banana pudding in the fridge to chill. It is now Thanksgiving and her pudding is ready to be eaten.
Jane had been working a lot lately. Her boyfriend appreciated it. He decided to surprise visit her at work. He dropped off food and encouragements. Jane was very pleased.
Dan was the new kid at his school. Dan was nervous on his first day. Dan entered his classroom and all the kids turned to look at him. At recess, a few kids approached Dan, asking him to play. Now Dan and that ring of kids a best friends.
My friends noticed that they act strange during a full moon. They said they engaged in risky activities and couldn't sleep. I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect. They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me. I was surprised to see that they were right about their experiences.
Bea loved to go to the library. Bea often spent hours on the weekend there. Bea met a man who shared her same love of reading. Bea and the man dated the next year and got married. Bea and her new husband continued to go to the library each week.
The bear was sitting between two rocks. From that position,  we couldn't locate him. We kept looking for him in the water. Finally the boy pointed out a large white lump. We realized the bear was in fact hiding.
The teacher told the class to take out their english homework. Everyone pulled out their English folders. Gina's friend Tami had a shiny new folder. It was pink with many other colors and covered in unicorns. Gina wanted one just like it.
Julie was going hiking. In preparation for her trip, her bought new gear. However, her trip was cancelled last minute. Julie could not return her gear. She wasted all her money on new hiking gear.
Mike greeted the receptionist with a smile. The receptionist was not so kind. She reminded Mike his paperwork was due yesterday. Mike just laughed and changed the subject. That afternoon, Mike was summoned to his boss's office.
I picked up the monitor from the floor. I immediately slipped and dropped it. It shattered and cracked the screen. I was very upset. I had to go buy a new one.
Amanda invited Luke to lunch today. Luke happily accepted the invitation. The two went to a moderately priced restaurant for lunch. After lunch they car pooled back to the office. Luke and Amanda sat beside each other all day while they worked.
Ray had to practice typing using a game at school. And he became very obsessed with playing it. Students began to watch how fast he could type. And eventually, he became one of the fastest typists in his city. Ray was very happy to win a typing competition one day.
Olivia was in her bedroom. She was dancing around to some music. Suddenly, she stepped on something. It was a painted canvas she had brought home from school. Her foot had gone right through it and ripped it.
The man grew a big beard. His friend did not recognize him. He got closer and closer to his friend. Finally he was nose to nose. Then his friend recognized him.
Earl is having trouble getting to sleep. Earl tries taking a warm bath. The bath doesn't help. Earl lays in bed and closes his eyes but he can't sleep. Earl does not sleep that night and heads to work the next day.
Last year I decided to make homemade Christmas gifts. First, I tried making Christmas cookies, but burned them. Next, I tried knitting scarves, but failed miserably. Finally, I created personalized photo albums for friends and family. All of the recipients said they were the best gifts of the year.
Wendy was hungry. She decided to order a pizza. She called the restaurant for a delivery. The pizza delivery man came by with her pizza. Wendy was excited and ate half the pizza.
Alice and her friend Dana were walking through the forest. Dana tried to scare Alice with stories of vicious wolves. Suddenly a movement in the brush startled them both. Something flew out of the bushes at high speed! The sound had been just a bunch of wild turkeys.
A shepherd counted his flock one evening. He had several more sheep than he had had that morning. He checked the brands, to see to whom the new sheep belonged. They had no brands, though. He never did figure out where the new sheep came from.
Rick was eighty years old and was a bit hard of hearing. His wife took him to the doctor to get his ears checked. At the office, Rick was subjected to nearly an hours worth of exams. The doctor told Rick he needed a hearing aid. Rick already knew that and agreed to wearing the electronic device.
Victoria always took too long to do her hair. She was getting ready to go out to the movies today. She took 2 hours to put on her make-up and do her hair. By the time she got to the movie, it was already over. Victoria was able to snag a ticket to the next showing.
Reggie woke up hungry one morning. He went to the kitchen to see what he could eat. There was eggs and rice in the refrigerator. Reggie took the eggs and put them on the stove. He cooked the eggs until they were no longer runny.
The jones family went to the lake every summer. They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming. Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter. The damages were so bad that they could not repair their boat. Now every summer the Jones go to the lake and cry about their boat.
Lars was getting married in a day. He had one problem, he couldn't write his vows. He sat down every night for six months but nothing came out. On the wedding day he still had nothing written. He went up there and just spoke from the heart and it was perfect.
Jerry needed 40 dollars to buy tickets to a concert. He put fliers in his neighbor's mailboxes offering to mow their lawns. At 20 dollars a yard, it was a great deal. He had six people sign up for the coming weekend. He had more than enough for the tickets!
I was feeling extremely bored. I decided to play with some matches. I accidentally set my backyard on fire. The firefighters and police came. The police arrested me and charged me with arson.
Dan had left early to make an appointment. The digital map he printed specified he turn on Twin Rocks Road. Dan saw a road about in the right place labeled CR 42. He pulled over and got out a physical map. Dan realized Google's map hadn't been updated and was wrong!
Jim broke out of prison during a riot. There was a nationwide search for him. There was even a large cash reward offered for news of him. But Jim managed to avoid recapture. The authorities never spotted him again.
Emily knew she had to give her dog a bath. She filled the water basin with warm water. Then she added soap. When she tried to get her dog inside, he tipped the basin over. Everything was soaked.
Alex read a book over the summer. The teacher liked he did that. She offered him extra credit for an assignment. He wrote a book report. He got the credit.
The kids filed into the lunchroom. They were assigned seats at their tables. The lunch room was noisy and full of excitement. The kids ate their food and chatted with their friends. They liked meeting new friends at the lunch tables!
Bonnie and Sue stuck candy all over some hats for the Easter Parade. They finished them up two days before the parade. Bonnie put them in the guest room at her house. On the morning of the parade there was no candy on the hats. Bonnie's little brother and sister had eaten all of it.
Tom never liked taking pictures. He always thought he looked bad in them. One day a friend convinced him to take some. Tom liked the way he looked in them. He started taking more and better pictures.
Shannon had a lot of pets. One cat in particular shed a lot. She was tired to sweeping up fur. One day, she discovered a huge fur ball on the floor. She snapped and shaved the cat!
Every Sunday, Tim's neighbor started mowing his lawn at 7 am. Tim was frustrated by this early morning noise. So, one day, he asked his neighbor to stop mowing so early. Tim's neighbor apologized and agreed to mow his lawn after 9 am. After this, Tim was able to sleep-in longer on Sundays.
Bella took a trip to Seaworld for the first time. At the age of 6, she was in awe of all the ocean animals. Bella's favorite were the killer whales. She decided she wanted to work with them when she grew up. Bella is now in college studying marine biology.
I read Far from the Madding Crowd in 2006. It was enjoyable. I had seen the movie version in 1969. I recently bought the soundtrack on an LP. My son is converting it to mp3.
Jason wants to see a good movie. He reads the movie listings to see what is available. He chooses a superhero movie. Jason walks to the movie theater. Jason enjoys the movie that he picked out to see.
I just turned 21 years old. My dad took me to a bar to have a drink. We ordered whiskey. It was disgusting! I vowed to never drink again.
Every day Jasper would drink several cups of coffee. He noticed that he was very nervous and agitated throughout the day. Jasper's doctor told him to cut down on his caffeine intake. When Jasper tried to eliminate caffeine, he felt lethargic and blue. Jasper learned that he functioned best with moderate coffee intake.
Sarah looked out of her kitchen window. She saw a skinny, white cat. The cat looked hungry and homeless. Sarah fed the cat. She decided to keep the cat as her pet.
Amy was in the park walking her dog Spot. Spot ran over to the mime in the park. Amy made gestures as the mime mimicked her. Spot jumped and barked as the mime mimicked Amy. Amy gave the mime a $5 to make up for being scared by Spot.
I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!
Jenna was getting her baby girl dressed for church. She noticed the baby's hair growing longer and decided to play. To her delight, the hair was long enough for a braid. She braided it and added a cute bow. All day she was proud to show off her baby's first braid.
The man was in the desert. He didn't have a water bottle. The sun blinded him and blistered his skin. He cried out upon seeing a dried stream bed. For there was a gas station right next to it.
Jon wanted to go to Paris but didn't have enough money. Jon decided to start a side business so he could get the money. He started a car detailing business and worked on Saturdays. At first, Jon didn't make much money but he slowly got better. Eventually, Jon had enough money to go to Paris!
Jane fell asleep during a cold night. And she forgot to turn on her heater. When she woke up, she had a sore throat. And she felt sick. From then on, Jane always remembered to turn her heater on.
Evan wanted to play baseball on his high school team. But he feared he couldn't play well enough to make the team! Then his dad sat him down and gave him a pep talk. Evan thought it over and decided to try out for the team. To his shock and joy, he made the team!
Kathy lived with an abusive boyfriend. He never let her go out or have any fun. One evening while drunk he went out with his friends. Kathy called some friends over to have a party. Kathy had a good time without her mean boyfriend.
Kim's dog was really stinky . But Kim was out of shampoo. So she went to the store and bought some. She got some nice shampoo. Kim washed the dog and it smelled nice.
Beth had been getting a lot of sore throats. Her mom took her to the doctor and they decided to remove her tonsils. She had the procedure the next week. She was surprised that it wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. She enjoyed the relaxation and ice cream in the meantime.
Denis was about to leave work when a crisis happened. All the computers went dark. He looked for the fuses but the problem wasn't local. He realized that the whole city was dark too. It's only later that day that Denis learned of the massive EMP attack.
Dan misses his hometown of Denver. Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip. Dan looks up airline tickets for his trip. In addition, Dan books a hotel room for his stay. Dan is very excited about visiting his hometown of Denver.
Josh liked cooking. He decided to make a stew. He chopped the vegetables and meat. He mixed it in a pot and let it simmer. The stew tasted great!
Michael had won lots of medals. He wanted to win more. He went to the Olympics. He swam the best he could. He won another one.
Eva was asked to sing the national anthem at her town's parade. She was honored, and accepted happily. She rehearsed all week to be sure she did a good job. On the day of the parade, she gave a great performance. The whole town applauded and cheered Eva's song!
I didn't want to go to school yesterday. I decided to fake an illness so I could go home early. I waited patiently in the nurse's office for my dad to pick me up. I kept waiting until about an hour before the bell. Now I have homework I have to do because I didn't miss the day.
Jimmy was learning how to fly helicopters. Jimmy was flying a helicopter over the city for the first time. Jimmy's instructor told him to land the helicopter. Jimmy started bring it down gently. Jimmy landed on the helipad smoothly!
John has a physics test. He has not studied. He pulled an allnighter. When he got to call, he was very anxious. John was happy when his teacher postponed the test.
Ora wanted to gain strength in her arms. She began going to the gym with her friend. They would help each other lift weights. At first Ora was weak and could hardly lift anything. But in just a few weeks she was stronger than ever!
John needed a new camera. He was unsure which camera would be right for him. He was about to go the local photography store for advice. He noticed that someone left a used camera near the dumpster. It worked perfectly and John felt incredibly happy.
One day in class my teacher taught something interesting. He taught us that the laws of physics were absolute. He was certain what he was saying was true. After the lesson we had a pop quiz. A question about that statement was on there and I got it right.
In the fourth quarter, Zach dropped back to pass the ball. He got hit really low by a defender. He was hurt, and got carted off of the field. With 20 seconds left, Zach's team was down by 4 points. Zach came back in, called a play, and threw the game winning touchdown
Kenny received his braces today. The orthodontist advised him not to eat any solid foods. Kenny decided to drink smoothies for the entire day. However, he felt hungry for the whole day. He passed out when he came home since he was starving.
Tom was on vacation with his family. He decided to eat some local food. Tom became violently ill. He had to be hospitalized. It ruined his family's vacation.
Stacy's daughter was named Lindsey. Stacie loved lindsey and took care of her. Lindsey grew into a beautiful young lady. She met a youngman named Larry and the two fell in love. The were married and lived very happily for many years.
Mom had a fancy pearl necklace that she treasured. One day she lent it to Jo, who broke the clasp! She took it to Mom, but Mom just laughed. Jo was confused, but then Mom pulled out her necklace. The one she had lent Jo was just a cheap replica!
Perry had a very comfortable hat. After a long time, the hat became very messy. He had to buy a new hat. Perry spent a very long time finding the perfect hat. Finally, Perry found the perfect hat.
The mailman came around the corner with his satchel. The dog had been waiting for him. Just as the mailman crossed the front of the house he pounced. Mail went flying everywhere and the postman was cursing. The dog relished the coppery taste that filled his mouth.
Matt wanted to travel. He decided to fly to New Zealand. He bought a car there and drove it around the island. He had a great time travelling. He decided to stay in New Zealand forever.
Raymond woke up excited because it was Easter morning. He jumped out of bed and ran downstairs. He wanted to see if the Easter Bunny had come. To his delight he saw his Easter basket full of presents and candy. He knew that this was going to be an amazing Easter.
My daughter hates to sleep. She makes every excuse to stay up late. She will stay up past midnight if I let her. She is only 5 years old. It is a constant fight.
Kathy was having a baby. She wanted to wait to find out what she was having. She planned a huge party. Each guest put in their guest during the party. She announced they were having a girl.
Tim was out hunting. He saw a rabbit nearby. Tim decided to shoot it. He hit it clean but it didn't die right away. Tim had to snap its neck.
Jill goes lobstering with her father. When they pull up the traps that day Jill sees a blue lobster. She uploads a picture of the blue lobster to facebook. Jill and the lobster become local celebrities. A local news station even interviews her about the blue lobster.
He twisted the knob. It was stuck. He couldn't open the door. He finally removed the knob. He had to go buy a new one.
The family was starving. The mom had made a big batch of fajitas. They piled the sour cream and salsa on top. Then they ate them all quickly. The dinner had been delicious!
Jim stared at girls in the locker room, with his binocular glasses. He stood there for several minutes. However, someone pat him on the back. When Jim turned around, he saw that the person was a police officer. He arrested Jim.
Mandy dreamed of making a thousand dollars. She turned to the internet for way to make money at home. That is when Amazon Mechanical Turk found its way to her. Mandy began writing stories for money. She met her goal of one thousand dollars after two months!
Ella went to study in England for a semester. At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time. But as she stayed there longer, she got used to it. She even found herself drinking more tea. At the end of the semester, Ella drank as much tea as any Brit!
Thomasin was an English lady, gentle and refined. One day, a suitor named Darcy paid her a visit. Darcy was sexual and a deviant. He disrobed Thomasin and they made love on the billiard table. Thomasin no longer considered herself a lady.
Spencer loved to play football. He played as a wide receiver. He took quite a lot of hard hits in his career. After retirement, he began getting headaches a lot. He hoped that he didn't have any concussive problems.
Mary wanted to buy a diamond necklace. She saved her money for several months. When she had enough she went shopping. On her way to the store she was robbed. Now she has no money and no diamond necklace.
Brandon was having a good time texting his girlfriend. He then noticed his battery was about to die. He frantically searched for his charger so he could keep texting. He failed in his search and attempted to send out one last text. But then his phone shut off as he was about to finish.
I had just turned 15 years old. I tore the wire in my window. I pushed a suitcase of my things through it. I climbed out and ran for my life. I would never return to that house again.
Terry wants to read a big book. He is challenged to read the bible. Terry sits down. He reads the bible. After a few weeks he had read the entire book.
Baxter is looking through the trash. Baxter is a homeless man. He has been very lonely and is very hungry. While scrumming through the trash he sees a bag. The bag has a million dollars he takes it and buys a house.
Jane went to the lake with her sister. They took a boat out to the middle. Jane was too excited and lost her paddle. Her sister paddling alone only made them go in circles. Jane had to help paddle with her hands.
Sue was depressed because she was about to get evicted. She was unemployed and had to come up with a few hundred dollars. She asked her family and friends with no avail. Finally Sue had enough and decided to buy a lottery ticket. She won $500 which helped her from not getting evicted.
Todd was a horrible manager He treated his employees very poorly. One day Todd was assaulted by one of his employees. The employee was fired. Todd found another job.
After nine months of waiting, it was Tina's big day. She was finally going to give birth to her baby boy. Her contractions were rough, but then it was time to push. The doctor pulled out her baby boy, but he had a surprise for her. Tina was having twins!
Lisa was listening to music. All of the sudden her earbuds broke. She had to get new ones, All the sudden the new ones were great. She bought an extra one.
There was a crowd outside the clothing store that day. Everything was on sale. As soon as opening time came the doors started to open. The large crowd burst forward and into the store. They devoured nearly everything and destroyed anything in their path.
I bought myself a wireless printer. I loved the idea of just setting it up across the room. I had a huge hassle getting it to hook up to my computer. In the end I just bought a physical cable to connect them. It worked, but was highly unsatisfying.
Vicki was great at growing flowers. She had a big, beautiful orchid. Every week, she put two ice cubes on the soil. She said that was her trick for keeping it alive. Her fellow gardeners thanked her for the tips.
Karrie had broke her thumb only weeks before the softball championship. The team needed her to pitch. She was the most valuable player on the team. Karrie had done everything the doctor instructed her today. The day before the game her splint came off and she was able to pitch.
Alex had been training for this moment. He dig his foot onto the dirt and grabbed the discus. With a twist and a shout he released the discus as hard as he could. It flew through the air, almost as if it was floating. The discus landed 5 yards ahead of the runner up!
Clara never beat her brother at Chess. He was older and taught her to play, but she wanted to win once. Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day. When she beat the computer, she decided to replay her brother. Finally she was able to beat him!
Fred was playing the stock market. He was heavily loaded. All the sudden the market crashed. Fred got nervous. He had to sell all his positions.
Ivan thought he was hungry. So he prepared a large meal for himself. But after he finished cooking, he lost his appetite. And he only had a few bites. Ivan was regretful that he had to put the rest in the refrigerator.
Dave was addicted to coffee. And he drank 3 cups one morning. But soon after, she felt incredibly anxious and stressed. He stayed in bed and skipped work. Dave switched to decaf coffee.
Ali was being stalked by a bully at the museum. Her friend June thought she was overreacting. Ali felt is was pointless to explain herself. June realized Ali was genuinely scared. June vowed to stay with Ali while at the museum to be her backup.
Timothy was a telephone guru who knew the power of positive advice. He took payments to make good things happen. If his prayers didn't succeed, the player didn't have enough faith. If they did succeed, it was his intervention. Timothy's become very rich from putting his brand into the world.
John was a naturally athletic child. He was interested in many different sports, but had no favorite. His dad's favorite sport was basketball. John played basketball to spend time with his dad. From playing with his dad, basketball became his favorite sport.
Mike and Clara decided to go on vacation to Chicago. It was their first flight together. When sat on the plane, both got really nervous. During the flight everything was going great. They made it safely and enjoyed their vacation.
Brad needed to have a fundraiser for his band. He did not want to have the kids sell anything. They came up with the idea for a rock-a-thon. The kids got pledges for rocking in chairs for hours. The band raised a large amount of money.
The man saw a rainbow. He followed it until he found the end. He seen a golden pot. He waked up to it. He found the gold.
Will's son Alex was a high school baseball pitcher. Will was hoping that Alex could get a scholarship. Will and Alex practiced every night. One day some college scouts came to see Alex play. Alex threw a ninety-five mile per hour fastball that day!
I am late on my resolutions, but this week I decided to eat healthier. Last night my husband and I went to the store to stock the pantry. I didn't buy any cookies or chocolates or sweets. I was so proud of myself! For lunch today I ate a carton of ice cream and I don't know why.
Mary was eager to quit smoking because she wanted to become pregnant. She tried to quit cold turkey but kept running out to buy cigarettes. Then she went to a support group and tried hypnosis without success. Discouraged, she talked to her doctor who prescribed Chantix. With medication to control the cravings, Mary finally quit smoking.
What time is it he thought shuffling through papers. The meeting just ended and it had started at noon. How was that meeting Bill wondered. As he looked up to the clock he guessed it took forty five minutes. Bill was stunned to see it was almost two o'clock.
I had a nearly new keyboard. I decided to try to sell it on Amazon. I got a sales notification and packed the item up. Minutes later, I got a cancellation request. I was very disappointed.
Our 2 year old granddaughter went to her cousin's birthday party. He turned eight. They swam in the pool and had a Mario cake. Then they broke a pinata. Our granddaughter got some candy and was happy.
I had to move one time. I stored all of my things in a storage unit. Someone helped me to move my things to a new place. I had clothes in there that had to be washed. I spent a couple hours organizing it all.
Roxy wanted to make money. But she also wanted to stay at home with her children. So she began to do research for work at home jobs. Through research she discovered mturk. Roxy now makes money working on mturk.
Shannon told jay that she liked him. They hung out a couple times. She stopped replying to jay. Jay asked her if she still liked him. She got over him.
James saw a woman across the room at a party. He was mesmerized by her beauty and had to know who she was. He approached her and introduced himself. She told him her name was Dori and looked into his eyes. He knew right then he was in love and it was love at first sight.
Allie was nervous for the new iPhone. She didn't know if it would be better. But she waited in line anyway. When it was released she was so happy. It was the best phone she ever used.
Chuck had just got off work. He knew he had to go to the gym. He quickly made a quick snack. He put on his gym clothes. Chuck drove to the gym to workout.
Yui and Midori are on holiday. They spent the past few months studying for exams. They were both looking forward to unwinding at a hotsprings. They enjoyed the springs together. It was nice for them not to worry about exams.
Darrel was helping his brother with his homework. His brother didn't understand what Darrel was showing him. They decided to take a break. Darrel tried to explain the problem again. His brother understood much better after he had rested.
The kids were restless. They were at the opera. They listened for a few minutes. Then they asked if they could leave. Their dad yelled at them to sit down and be quiet.
Stacy wanted the money that was owed to her. Stacy was having a hard time collecting the money. The people who owed her didn't want to pay. Stacy wasn't sure what to do about it. Stacy was unhappy when no one paid her.
Jo went to bed at 9pm. She locked up the house as normal. She was almost asleep when the fire alarm started going off. She had left a candle burning. She was glad it didn't burn the house down.
It was a very hot day. The woman felt too hot in her sweatshirt. She took off the sweatshirt. Her shirt underneath was drenched with sweat. The breeze felt good on her wet shirt.
Beverly woke up and decided to make cereal for breakfast. She went to the fridge to see there was no milk. Beverly walked to the store and returned with a whole gallon. She carefully poured the milk into the bowl. Beverly happily ate her breakfast.
Chad called all his friends. They invited him to a party at his house. They all showed up that night. They brought gifts and food. The party lasted all night long!
Bette was the founder of a beauty product line. Her products sold very well with affluent women. But when she visited her own labs, she was appalled. Animals were stacked three per cages. She redesigned her whole line removing all animal testing.
My brother called me. He told me he had cancer. I began to cry. He told me not to worry because he was in stage one. Luckily, he survived and beat the cancer!
It had been raining for three hours now. John looked out the window, dismayed that his picnic would be ruined. Just as he was about to give up, so did the rain. John quickly loaded up the car and started to drive. He drove to his favorite picnic spot with his family.
Jean was preparing for her pageant interview. Her coach asked her many questions. Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune. Jean said she preferred fame. She dreaded interview.
It was the weekend after Thanksgiving. Every year we head to the Christmas tree lot to pick out a tree. We arrived and searched through the field for the perfect tree. We finally decided and used the saw to cut it down. We paid the man and headed home to decorate for the holiday.
Ryan wanted to see California. He bought himself a bus ticket. He rode all across the country eagerly. When he got there, he was thrilled. California was warm and beautiful!
My dad took me to his hunting club to hunt deer. Before dawn, we woke up and headed to his stand. Two hours after sunrise, I finally saw a large doe. I raised my rifle carefully and shot it cleanly. We loaded the deer up and headed straight back to camp.
The author had a scheduled book signing at the library. The author settled in to the table set up for him. He sat and waited as his fans filled the seats. The people listened as the author spoke. The author signed the people's books.
My niece always wants to watch peppa pig. It is the british cartoon about a little pig. It is pretty simple and uncomplicated. But she loves to watch it more than anything. It is amazing what little kids love to watch.
The father dropped his kids off on the side on the street. They crawled to a box. A women passed by and stopped her car. She got out and put the kids in her car. She drove to the nearest shelter.
Jackie had a message from her sister when she got home from worker. The message told her to meet Gina at the gym at 7pm. When she got there, she saw Gina waiting outside a classroom. Gina had signed them both up for a self-defense class. She never had so much fun in her life.
I try to do Laundry twice a week. Last week I managed to get it all done in one day. Until Nick came home  and cleared out his closest. I made him wash his own clothes that night. Now he knows to put them in the Laundry.
Aly regularly babysat a two year old. She was new to the job before him. One day he threw a tantrum. Aly was now scared to babysit the two year old. She asked her friend to do it for her.
Jed poured his life and soul into composing a piece of music. It was undeniably one of the most beautiful songs ever recorded. Jeb put a video of him playing it on Youtube. His life's work finished, he jumped off a bridge. He never knew no one had ever listened to his upload.
I have two adorable cats. They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast. If I don't get out of bed quickly, they stand on my body and meow. When I finally get out of bed they run to the kitchen. I meet them in the kitchen and feed them tuna.
The two boxers were both ready. Tonight was the big fight. They were in their corners waiting. The bell went off. They marched towards one another, the fight had begun.
I have been eating candy ever since my last pay check. Every time I get paid I buy four candy bars. My teeth started to hurt. I went to the dentist. The dentist told me to quit eating candy and to brush more often.
Alexia desperately needed an A on her final exam. She studied for 3 days straight. She wouldn't eat nor sleep. On the day of her exam she thought she was ready. She ended up falling asleep.
Ronald was shopping for a new drill. He wanted to install shelves in his living room with it. He found the perfect drill and went to the counter to pay. To his surprise, his card was declined. Someone 3,000 miles away had used his card to shop for video games.
Tim was hungry late at night. He decided to make some dip. It came out pretty good. Unfortunately the only chips he had were stale. Tim's meal was ruined.
On December 29th I went to the New England Aquarium. I went with my wife, son, daughter, son in law and granddaughter. I have trouble walking, as I had a stroke in 2011. I was able to walk up the ramp and look at the fish. I was tired but happy that day.
Fiona was trying to perform a song for a talent show. She soon realized that people did not enjoy her show. To save her act she began telling jokes. People liked it so she amped it up. Soon she had everyone laughing and she won for her comedy act.
Ben was very hungry. He went to a buffet for lunch. There, he ate four plates of food. But that night, he got a terrible stomachache. Ben wished he had eaten a little less
Amy's car was running roughly. She took it into the shop for inspection. The mechanic said she needed an oil change. Amy paid him, and he changed the oil. Her car started running smoothly once again!
Jen's friends took her out to eat. There was a special on hot wings and they decided to order it. Jen took a bite from one of the wings. However, her mouth started to hurt from the spice. She gulped an entire glass of water afterwards.
Jenny had an amazing singing voice. She wanted to enter her school's singing competition. Jenny was so nervous she thought she would make a mistake. She performed flawlessly and won first place. Jenny was proud and excited that she'd won the competition.
Cathy was invited to a friend's wedding. Cathy was excited for the wedding, but sad as well. Cathy realized that her friend not have much time with her. In addition, Cathy realized that she was the only single friend. Cathy felt bad that she was not happy for her friends wedding.
Ken planned a picnic date. He got everything together and picked a perfect spot. Once there it started to rain immediately. Ken had to pack everything up and leave. His date still appreciated the gesture.
Janice was the best basketball player in her school. She challenged the new girl to a game. The new girl accepted the game. Janice bet the new girl she would beat her or give her 100 dollars. Janice surprisingly lost the game and had to give the new girl money.
A man got fed up with all the wires in his house. He went around with scissors and cut every wire. He collected all the wires and put them in the trash. The trash can was very full so he had to tie the lid down. The man dragged the can to the curb for collection.
Tim moved to a new school. He was soon bullied by a couple of gang members. He tried to fight back once. They waited until Tim got out of class. Then they jumped him near the school.
Anna had always considered herself youthful. Then one day she broke her hip! The doctor repaired it, but cautioned her. He said women in their 60s had to be careful. Anna realized it was time to slow down!
I used to ride the North Waco bus to work. It stopped almost a mile from where I work. At the beginning of the year we moved the shop. Now the bus stops right in front of the new shop. Now there is no  more mile long walking to work in the morning.
Opal wanted to buy her first guitar. She had saved up money from her summer job. Her boyfriend took her to the guitar shop. He helped her find one that was in her price range. She took it home and immediately started practicing.
Jack liked to jump everywhere he went. Usually to school and to church. But something happened this past Friday while jumping around. He tripped on the sidewalk. He ended up losing a tooth!
Felicia had a developmental problem. She wasn't able to hold a real job. When Felicia was out with her family she noticed a man sweeping. She constantly made a sweeping motion at home after that encounter. The local barber eventually hired her as a janitor.
Marley was a reggae drummer. He was sick of his bandleader getting all the attention. He did a little drum solo one performance. The drum solo messed up the entire rhythm of the song though. Marley realized his real place in the band was to keep rhythm.
Jimmy moved to a new city. He didn't have any friends. He sat in his house by himself all day. He went out to a bar to meet people. He met a friend named Bobby.
When Tom was little, he dreamed of owning an expensive sports car. But when he got older, he realized that it wouldn't be possible. He dreamed too much. And he never accomplished anything. So he couldn't afford a car at all.
Oli sat down to watch a trivia game show with his family. They all started answering the questions and keeping score. Oli was great at trivia and he loved playing the game. He began answering almost every question correctly. At the end of the show, Oli had clearly won their game!
Jenny arrived at Starbucks to get her usual non-fat latte for the day. The barista informed her that they were out of the skinny syrup. Jenny decided to try a new drink instead. The barista recommended a green tea lemonade. Jenny ended up loving the drink, and made it her new favorite.
Tom did very well in school. He was invited to join the Academic decathlon. The night of the even Tom got dressed up. He did very well answering all the questions asked of him. He won second place overall.
Today I traveled to the coast in hopes of seeing dolphins. The drive to the coast was just lovely. On the way I enjoyed the most delicious seafood. After about one hour on the beach I saw three dolphins! They were so beautiful and seeing them made my day.
Today was more windy than usual. I had the day off from work and wasn't sure what to do. I went to the store just to look around. They had kites on sale. I took advantage of the sale and spent my afternoon flying a kite.
Ron's small red pet rat, Matt, escaped from its cage. He frantically looked everywhere for it. He ran up and down the hall of the apartment building searching. Ron arrived just in time to see the janitor stomp Matt to death. He threw the still twitching rat unceremoniously into a trash bag.
Jane got a new haircut. She hated the way it looked. Unfortunately it was too short too fix. Jane tried her best to avoid others until it grew out. She didn't go out for anything other than work.
Julie went to the bookstore to buy a book for her toddler. She told the cashier the book was for her daughter. The cashier asked when her daughter's baby shower was! Julie was confused, she didn't think she looked that old! The cashier blushed and apologized for her mistake.
Dave needed a new computer. His old one had died and he had to have one for work. He went to the store and looked for the best one. He found a great deal and decided to go for it. Dave was very happy with his purchase and the PC worked great.
Penny was very thirsty. She got a cup and filled it with water. The cup leaked all over! Penny was frustrated. She threw it away and stomped away.
John had a twenty dollar bill. Unfortunately it ripped in half. John tried to tape it and spend it. Most places didn't take it. The local bank swapped it for a new one, though.
My 99 year old friend Ben sits on the bench a lot. Yesterday he told me he had enrolled in some courses. Brandeis has courses open for senior citizens. I asked him why he wanted to go to so many courses. He said if he keeps busy he won't die.
Carl got a brand new truck from the dealership. He took it to a muddy road he had heard of. He decided to push the truck to its maximum capabilities. The truck broke an axle. Carl's decided to never try driving down that road again.
Dan was woken up by the sound of his fire alarm. Dan ran to the kitchen to see it was engulfed in flames. Dan grabbed his wallet and keys, and ran out the house. Dan watched as his house was literally on fire. Dan was sad, yet thankful he had escaped the fire.
There was a murder on fifth street. Alicia couldn't wait to get the scoop. She got her pen and pad out and was ready. She started writing the article. When she was done it was published.
I was happy to get amazing seats to see my favorite singer in person. I asked my best friend to go with me to the concert. We could almost touch the stage once we were in our seats. The lead singer looked right at me and winked during a song. I could not stop smiling all the way home.
Patrick wanted to ask her out. She had put her feet in his lap when they were relaxing. He thought surely that was a sign she was interested. He asked her out in front of everyone. He was sad and angry when she said no.
Maria was swimming in the local pool. When she got home, her eyes were burning. Maria used eyedrops. Her eyes felt better. Maria brought goggles the next time she went swim.
I've always loved to eat salads. When I go to restaurants I always order a salad. I liked to make my own salads. It's so time consuming tossing the salads. I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make.
One year my school offered us a field trip. I wasn't completely sure if I was going to go so I asked some friends. My friends told me they would likely be going so I considered it too. When the deadline for the paperwork approached I still wasn't sure. I ended up asking my best friend if he was going and I went with him.
The storm started with a small rumble of thunder. Nobody thought there were any storms coming. Suddenly the wind picked up! The temperature dropped, and the sky grew dark. Hail fell, and they all cowered in their homes until it passed.
Beth pulled into the driveway at her house. She looked up and saw an iguana on her roof. The iguana sat watching Beth as she watched it. Finally she stepped out of the car and toward the house. The iguana quickly scurried out of sight.
Jim was at Denny's after the bar. He and his friends were kind of drunk. They decided to have a pancake eating competition. Jim got third place and became sick. He wound up throwing up for a long time.
Tom needed to move to a new apartment. He couldn't afford a moving crew. He asked his friends to help. They all turned him down. Tom had to move everything on his own.
Rachel needed some books for her school project. She was trying to rush around the library before they closed. Time was running out but she couldn't find one important book. She was feeling stressed as the clock ticked down. Luckily she found it just in time and checked it out quickly.
Rihanna noticed that she had a large white head on her nose. Her friends reminded her about it during the entire day. However, she tried to resist it. Eventually, she started to feel uncomfortable. She popped it, but it left a mark a week later.
Andy made toy whirligigs as a hobby. He gave them away as fast as he could make them. He decided to sell the whirligigs for extra money. He made enough money to visit his brother in France. He took a whirligig to France to give to his brother.
One Summer morning we decided to go to the Zoo. We got there late and there was a very long line. By the time we got into the Zoo we had missed the Lion Show. That was very upsetting. Thankfully we got to watch the Elephant show right after.
Linda liked the East Street Cafe because it wasn't Starbucks. While reading a newspaper and drinking coffee, she noticed a guy. He pulled up a chair and sat at her table. He asked her could he get her opinion on something. She asked do you always pick up strange women by asking their opinion?
Blake wanted to sell his home. He wanted to increase the equity before he put it on the market. Blake decided to extend the pantry space. The extension added great equity to his home. Blake made a nice profit when he sold his home.
Allie painted her nails. She painted them a bright red. She had to wait for them to dry. She was getting rather irritated. Allie had to wait a half hour.
I took ice skating lessons as a child but never learned. I still wanted to take lessons when I became an adult. The local rink offered skating lessons so I enrolled. I went to class every week and practiced as well. I learned how to skate.
Sloan spontaneously bought a new camera. He had been watching too many Netflix documentaries. He decided he would make one about frozen food. He spent an hour filming his freezer and an hour filming his oven. The documentary was a huge failure but Sloan felt satisfied with it.
Sally went to the drugstore with her mother. While her mother went to get a prescription, Sally eyed a teddy bear. She pulled on her mother's arm and pointed to it. Mother told her to wait a minute and paid for her prescription. Afterward, her mother bought Sally the stuffed bear and they left.
Kate wanted to try a new brand of bottled water. It was a lot less than the one she usually used. She drank it everyday for a week. But she thought it had a funny taste. She realized she would need to go back to the expensive brand.
Fabi is attending her first day of high school. She is trying to find her first class. She stops and asks a kid for help. The kid was also on her first day and couldn't help. Fabi finally finds her class but is 30 minutes late.
Griffin was trying to take a shortcut home. Therefore, he walked into a back alley. However, several adults appeared out of nowhere. They said that if he doesn't give them his money, than he would die. Griffin tricked them into looking somewhere else and he ran quickly.
Trevor was at summer camp. He was enjoying his time but he did have one enemy of sorts. One day this enemy confronted Trevor in the bathroom. The two kids ended up in a physical fight. Luckily a counselor broke them up before things got too serious.
Every Saturday we wake up early and check Facebook for Garage Sales. Then we map out a route through our neighborhoods. We live on an Army post, so people are always having moving sales. My daughter and I search for My Little Pony figures and clothes. Today we found three ponies, garage sale day was a success.
My parents took us riding one day. They said it was a surprise. When we arrived, it was a huge arena. We went inside, and it was a rodeo! I enjoyed watching the rodeo show so much!
Sam was the father of 5. One of Sam's boys needed help. He begged his father for money. Sam told him he could not help him. Sam did not give him any money.
Kate loves to cook. She enjoys cooking new dishes. This time she tried cooking lasagna. However she grabbed the wrong noodles. Kate had to be creative and make a lasagna spaghetti.
Estelle loved decorating for fall. She grew some gourds to put in her house. When she set them on the table, they looked great! She planted even more then next season. She dreamed of having gourds in every room.
Sally was watching the Olympics with her family. Her favorite event was gymnastics. On television, the gymnast did a variety of flips and jumps. Sally was hypnotized by what she saw. She decided she wanted to be a gymnast as well.
In second grade I wanted to make a little extra money. I bought cute erasers and put them in stylish little packs to sell. I recruited other students to sell with me. When we finished selling we divided the profits. I deemed that I would probably make a good future business woman.
Jane knew the weather looked bad but she decided to take a chance. She started off on her run and was getting further and further away. When was about three miles from her house, it started to pour. Jane tried to run back as fast as should could, but it was pointless. She decided she would pay more attention to the weather next time.
Henry was in a new middle school this year. He had not gotten the hang of scheduling out his work. Henry had a project that was due at the end of the quarter. He procrastinated until the last minute and did not even start on it. He did not turn in the project and got a zero for the grade.
I was given a small task to do at work. I tried very hard to do it. I could not get the outcome right. Finally, I gave up. I failed to do my task at work.
I used my truck yesterday and the rear-view mirror dropped off. I drove back home with it that way but didn't have time to fix it. This morning I got into the truck and noticed the mirror was fixed. I suspected Brain of fixing it and asked him about it. He told me he did put the mirror back in, and so I thanked him.
Pete and Tom were playing frisbee. Pete threw the frisbee a little too far to the side. Without thinking, Tom leaped for it. Tom yelled as he flew right into the river. They both had a good laugh afterward.
Daniel was driving to work. He was already late. His car begin to sputter. He got out and looked under the hood. He was out of oil and needed some help to get to work.
John was confused. He was making a casserole for his friend. He had never cooked before. He added the ingredients like the recipe told him to. When he was finished, it looked inedible.
Mike was feeding ducks at a pond near his apartment. A hungry squirrel jumped on the park bench next to him. Mike offered food to the squirrel, which promptly bit him. Mike worried because he didn't know if squirrels had rabies. The doctor told him they didn't and he would heal up fine.
My boyfriend's father was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2005. He fought for a long time with chemotherapy and radiation. He realized last year that his time was coming to an end. He tried to reach out to my boyfriend but he was in denial. He passed away a few months ago and my boyfriend never got to say bye.
It was Day of the Dead in Mexico City. Yessica put on makeup to look like a skeleton. She danced in the streets and drank tequila. She met a cute guy in the street and they went to a bar to drink more. Yessica passed out and woke up in a trash can.
Lola was jogging one day. Suddenly she tripped on a jagged rock. She fell forward and landed awkwardly. Her ankle was twisted under her painfully. Lola had to limp home and call for a doctor.
Julie does to the club every Thursday night. She goes with her friends because it's Ladies' Night. She was looking beautiful and wearing heels. While dancing, she slipped in a puddle of beer breaking her ankle. Rushing to the hospital, she knew that it was her last dance.
Fred knew he needed a new car. The one he had was starting to fall apart. One day fred's old car blew up with the engine smoking. Fred decided to get a tow truck to a dealership. Fred found the first car he could see and signed the lease.
Kia had always had a distaste for mushrooms. But then one day she ordered pasta at a restaurant. The sauce was wonderful, and she asked what was in it. To her surprise, the waiter said it was mostly mushrooms! Kia decided to give mushrooms another chance!
A big movie was being filmed in a small town. Jay went to the director to ask to be an extra. The director said he could as long as he didn't get paid. Jay accepted the offer and was in many scenes. When the movie came out he bragged to all his friends.
The woman took off her shirt. Her window was open. She saw someone watching. She stared at the person watching. The person looked away.
This morning I started my day full energy. I cleaned the glass coffee and lamp tables. I scrubbed the bathroom like it belonged in a five star hotel. I cooked Tuna Croquettes, Fennel rice and made a strawberry salad. Now it's evening and I am tired with no more energy.
Tom invited Dan to come down to Mexico to visit him. Dan was somewhat scared but bought a ticket and went down. Tom met Dan at the airport and drove him to the middle of nowhere. Dan was getting very scared. Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view.
Billy wanted to buy a new car for himself. He eyed all kinds of models. They were all too expensive! He saved up all summer long until he could afford one. By the time school started Billy arrived in his new car!
Alex was having problems understanding statistics in school. Alex got a tutor and studied every single night. Alex did practice problems on her own. On the day of the final exam, she felt very nervous but did her best. Alex aced the final statistics exam!
Ashley's grandmother had died. Ashley went to the wake to see her grandmother. She was sad to see her grandmother for the last time. Ashley began to cry. Her mother and relatives hugged and comforted Ashley.
Maggie was making french toast for her husband. She made it using her tried and true family recipe. Then, she brought it to her husband. He took a bite and realized that it was soggy. Maggie checked and realized that she had messed up the measurements.
Jason noticed that he was waking up very sleepy in the morning. He decided he needed to make a change. He asked his friends for advice. Jason decided he would go to bed earlier fro now on. Jason woke up the next day very rested.
Dylan was playing for his high school's basketball team. His team was down by 1 point with 5 seconds left. Dylan, the point guard, dribbled it up the court. At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim. The lane was clear and he shot a layup, winning the game.
Michael had a crush on Cindy. Every single day he would see her in his home room class. He would try to sit next to her. One day she turned around and asked him for a pencil. Michael fainted as a result.
Alice wanted a dog. She spent months saving to buy a dog. She finally brought the dog home. She spent hours training and caring for the dog. Alice now has a faithful canine companion.
A scout entered into his generals tent. The general seemed distracted with other matters. The scout spoke up and tried to get the general's attention. After he gave his report the general told him to leave. A half hour later the scout was called back to give it again.
Lacey spilled a jar of flowers on the floor. Since she was already grounded, she forced her baby sister to lie. The sister told her mom that her dad broke the jar. However, their mom realized that the dad was at work. She eventually found out that Lacey broke the Jar and punished her.
We have a mirrored door on our bedroom closet. It is usually covered up by clothes. Yesterday my wife put away the clothes. The cat saw herself in the mirror and kept staring. My wife called her vain.
Tom bought a new video game system. He really liked it but felt it was missing something. His old television didn't let it look as good as it could. Tom decided to get a new tv. He bought one and his gaming looked much better.
Nia has been interested in science her whole life. Her favorite birthday gift was a chemistry set. She studied hard in high school and went to college for science. She decided to get her doctorate in biology. Nia now works at a biology lab.
Amanda was walking to work. She saw a dog with an angry looking owner. The owner was hitting the dog on the face for not listening. Amanda got very upset that the dog was treated that way. She wanted to say something to the owner, but was nervous to.
Larry needed some extra money. He started reading online about job opportunities. He began hearing about a website called Mturk. He signed up and gave it a try. Soon, he was making a bit of extra money every day.
Paige went on a bike ride at the park. She rode her bike for a few miles. All of a sudden her tire hit a rock. She flew off her bike onto the pavement. She only suffered minor scrapes and was able to drive home safely.
Lea dreaded working with Dan because he was sexually harassing her. He stared at her, stood too close, and made personal comments. She tried to ignore it, but one day he went too far, grabbing her. She was angry and embarrassed in front of her coworkers. Demanding to be left alone, Lea finally filed a complaint with HR.
Prince John was a young man from a very large family. He longed to be king. He knew he would have to wait for quite sometime. The king abdicated and John's sibling did not want the crown. John would become king soon.
Ana's kids had the cutest Halloween costumes! She didn't want them to have to hide or cover most of them with coats! But the weather called for snow, so she had to get creative. She found black thermals and dressed them UNDER the costumes. These kept the kids warm-and still wickedly stylish!
Tabatha tried to call her phone. She had lost it in a taxi that she took last night. Later that night her mom told her that she received a call. It was from a woman who found her phone. Tabatha was happy because she would be able to pick it up the next day.
The Smith family always has a cookie competition. It was for the holidays for the best Christmas cookie. The mom always won but this year was different. Little Susie used only the best chocolate and finest sugar. Susie won this year, to her mom's dismay.
Joe was paddling down the river. There were a bunch of logs lying across the river. They were obstructing his path! He tried to move them out of the way, but they wouldn't budge. Joe had to drag his canoe around them on land instead.
Lance has always wanted to go to space. Lance trains hard to become an astronaut. He gets a job with NASA. He trains for years. He gets sent to the moon.
Fred wanted to go to the movies. So off he went. He went with his friend. Fred saw two different movies. They were great.
On August 3rd, my son took us to the Lowell Spinners game. We had seats behind home plate. The Spinners were down 4-1 in the ninth. They tied the game in the ninth. The Spinners won in the 11th on a walk off double.
I needed cheese for dinner so needed to go to the store to buy some. I grabbed my car keys and went out and got in my car. I got to the store but the traffic was heavy. I went into the store and bought some cheese. Then I drove home and made my dinner with cheese.
Javier's girlfriend of 3 Year's has just broken up with him. He is afraid that his clothing is not cool enough for him to date. He asks a friend to come find some nice new sneakers with him. They have a great day shopping for sneakers. Now Javier feels he can move on and find a new girlfriend.
LLoyd was in a really bad accident. He didn't have insurance. His bills were piling very high. LLoyd decided he needed to let some things go. LLoyd decides to sell his classic muscle car to pay his expenses.
Gina had been playing the clarinet for a month. She took it apart to clean it out. She put the reed back and tightened the ring. The reed split in two. Gina had no idea the reeds often broke.
Anna turned 18 and her mom pulled her aside. She confided that she had a secret for Anna. She said Anna was actually her niece, not her child. She'd adopted Anna in infancy. Anna was shocked, but realized she still loved her mom!
The man hung a hammock. He laid in it. The hammock fell down. He hit his head. He was unconscious for several minutes.
Ali was a ballerina and loved dancing. Then one day she stumbled and hurt her foot. She was terrified she would never dance again. But her doctor bandaged it well and reassured her. Sure enough, after two months her foot was as good as new!
Bruce married a woman named Kim. He had 2 sons with her. The marriage didn't last and they divorced. Bruce moved out of the state. He doesn't pay child support or contact his sons.
Debbie always loved to bake at home. She decided one day to bring one of her pies to work. All of her co workers fell in love with her pies. She ended up selling some of her pies on the side. She ended up selling 100 pies in a week and bakes pies for a living.
Jade had the football and was running with it. Since she was vulnerable, I ran towards her. As soon as my hands came out, she elbowed me in the head. I fell down and held by head with my hands. The coach punished her since she wasn't allowed to injure anyone.
Trey went to the store to buy ingredients for a soup. He bought vegetables and meat and broth. He went home and started the soup. He cut up vegetables and meat and put them in the broth with seasoning He heated up the pot of food until it was hot enough to eat.
Alan was given a car for his 16th birthday present. He took his friends out to drive around right away. But the laughing and loud music distracted him. Alan was in a minor accident requiring repairs! His parents made him pay for the repairs himself.
Susie wanted a vacation home. She looked everywhere for the right one. Finally she found one. When she found it it as by the beach, It was lovely.
Tom was coming back into the country from Canada. He was stopped and asked to show his identification. Unfortunately Tom didn't realize he didn't have it. He had to stay there more time while they looked him up. They let him through with a minor warning.
I have only been in one car accident. I was driving from Kansas City to Indiana in the snow. At one point I was on a small two lane road. A car slid on the ice into my lane and we crashed. I was not hurt but the car was totaled.
A boy and his family were going on vacation. They were driving on the road to their destination. The family stopped at a gas station for snacks. While getting back in the car, they forgot the young boy. A few minutes later, the parents noticed and reclaimed the child.
Sarah had termites in her house. She called the exterminator. They came the next day. They sprayed chemicals inside her house. They were able to kill all the termites.
It was a warm sunny summer day. Jake decided to invite friends and grill out. He asked everyone to bring different items. Everyone did so and he fired up the grill. Jake made food for everyone.
Terry and his buddy Mark were going fishing. They went to the store and got some bait before heading out. At the beach they began casting their lines into the surf. Mark was the first one to catch a fish, but Terry got one too. They kept fishing well on into the evening, having fun.
I live in a very small mountain town. There is very little crime out here, and almost no serious crime. I've seen the cops a few times. Once, there were about 10 of them all with AR-15s. I worry about the small town police becoming a military-minded team.
In the summer I went for a hike with my dog. We were all alone in the woods. Suddenly my dog started barking. I was just about to step on a rattlesnake! I was very grateful that my dog had warned me.
Stassi heard she was getting a new roommate. Instantly the idea made her feel uneasy. However her nerves calmed when she met her. She realized she wasn't as bad after all. The two became friends
Gina had a sweet dog. It was getting to be very old. Gina was sad, knowing that she would have to put him to sleep soon. As he got older and older, his health failed. Gina knew it was time to take him to the vet.
Kenneth loved to play video games. He didn't pay attention to his girlfriend when he was playing his game. Kenneth's girlfriend was feeling neglected. She finally broke up with Kenneth. Kenneth realized he played his games too much.
Pauly grew up in a small town. After high school he moved away for college and then work. Every holiday Pauly would go back to visit. He would see how much the town had grown and his friends had grown ol. It made him both sad and happy to see all the changes.
Liz's parents got a divorce. She wanted to live with her mom. Her mom requested full custody. The judge granted the request. Liz and her mom live together happily.
Elsa was planning on buying her own home. She was positive her credit was good enough for a loan. As she sat in the bank, she felt increasingly nervous. Suddenly, the loan officer told her she had been denied. Elsa had a debt she'd forgotten about and had to pay it off.
Ed wanted to go to a wine tasting. He decided to go with his wife. They sampled many different wines. But then Ed had to stop sampling. He was feeling very tipsy!
Allie was interviewing for a lot of jobs. She needed a decent paying job. She was educated and had a great resume. Luckily the next week she got some calls. Four places wanted to hire her.
Leah had a job interview tomorrow morning. She stayed up late updating her resume. She arrived at the interview 20 minutes early. The interviewer noted her prompt arrival time on a clipboard. Leah gained confidence from the compliment given by the interviewer.
Jane needed a haircut. Her normal stylist was out of town. She decided to give someone else a chance. The new stylist chopped off too much of Jane's hair. Jane left in tears and will never go back.
Amanda decided to take a scientific survey. At the beginning there was a warning about disturbing content. However, Amanda did not see any disturbing content in the survey. She felt confused about this. She submitted the survey anyway, though.
Leah was excited to go to the swimming pool. Her friend Morgan had invited her the night before. She had gathered up her goggles and beach towel. When they got to the pool, Leah jumped right in. She thanked Morgan for inviting her for such a fun day.
I locked my car keys in the car. I had to call Nikki to help me out. Luckily she had a jimmy. Unfortunately she got her arm stuck in my window. The tow truck finally came to bail us out.
Tim was out jogging one morning. The weather was crisp and cool. Tim felt good and energetic. He decided to keep jogging longer than normal. Tim went several more miles out of his way.
Logan loved collecting baseball cards. He carefully accumulated all of the players from his hometown's team. But he was missing one. He was beginning to get frustrated that he would never find it. But then on his birthday, his grandpa surprised him with it!
Eric took a vacation to the beach. On the way there, he remembered that he didn't pack any sunscreen. He decided not to go back home to get some. When he arrived at the beach, he decided to first go swimming. When he got out of the water, his skin was already red from the heat.
The new upstairs neighbors have kids. They run around and are loud all day. They seem old enough to be in school. I called the authorities to see why they weren't. They showed up to investigate today.
Jack walked up to the tee box. It was his turn to hit the ball. He approached the ball and set up. He let loose an almighty swing. He drove the ball perfect, right down the fairway.
Mary likes to read. She bought three new books last week. Today she finished the last one. She doesn't have any more money to buy more books. She decides to start downloading them for free.
The temperature has been in the 60s all week. We made so many plans about working outside. We started getting things done. We opened up the greenhouse for spring. And of course, today it snows.
They said it was going to be warm today. My mom went out to enjoy the weather. She left all the windows in the house open. She came home and the house was freezing. Don't always trust the weatherman.
A little boy was playing a video game. He constantly kept yelling at the game. His mother told him to stop or he would have to get off. The little boy did not listen to his mother. So the mother told the boy to get off and he had nothing else to do.
Andrea was in math class sipping from a water bottle. What her teacher didn't know was that the water was actually alcohol. Andrea was super drunk for the entire day. When she finally sobered up the day was over already. Andrea vowed to stop getting drunk in school.
Cathy loved to debate various issues. Cathy was advised by her counselor to look into becoming a lawyer. After careful consideration and research, Cathy decided to study law. Cathy told her parents of her new found aspiration to be a lawyer. Cathy's parents were so happy she decided to be a lawyer.
The other day I decided to have a late night snack. But the only thing I had to eat was spicy foods. I ate the spicy foods anyways and it gave me a stomach ache. The stomach ache was so bad that it kept me up all night. I'll never eat spicy foods that late again, it was terrible.
Maria wasn't a popular girl in school, until she dated a black guy. Maria heard that another girl liked her new boyfriend. At lunchtime, someone passed Maria a note. It said, dump Charles or your butt gets kicked. Two weeks later someone approached Maria and Maria punched her hard.
Sam's car broke down so he began to walk home. A car pulled beside him as he walked. The driver asked Sam if he wanted a ride. Sam did not trust the tone of the driver. Sam said nothing and the driver drove away.
Henry went to the beach. He noticed he forgot to pack sunscreen. He continued on anyway, unworried. Later on, his skin began to turn red. He had developed an intense sunburn.
Dan buys a new Ferrari He gets a flat tire driving home from the office Dan has it towed to the dealer. He can't believe it when they charge him $1000 just to patch the tire. Dan still doesn't regret buying the car.
Ray found a pair of glasses in his house. He wondered whose they were, since he wore no glasses. His wife did not wear any either. Then he tried them on and he realized what they really were. They were 3D glasses from the last movie he had been to see!
Maggie woke up late on Tuesday. On her way out the door, she could not find her keys. She looked everywhere. She had a friend come pick her up. After she got in her friend's car she found the keys in her pocket.
Skip goes gambling in vegas. He tries his hand at some poker. He loses bad in poker. He tries the slots this time. He wins a huge prize.
Chaz enjoys going shopping for luxury items. His local mall has the best prices for all he needs. He bought a Rolex and Chanel shoes last week. While leaving the mall he noticed that his car was missing. Chaz found out that someone has stolen his car.
Jimmy decided to cook tacos for his family. He bought all the ingredients. He started to cook the meat when he realized he forgot the seasoning. Jimmy had to season the meat himself. It turned out even better and taco night was a success.
My workgroup were taking visitors out to lunch. I said I knew where the restaurant was. Everyone followed my directions to the wrong place. We got directions to the right restaurant. It was located someplace completely different.
Alice decided to surprise her husband with a new car, a Dodge Dart. Alice decided she would park the car in her neighbor's yard. This way her husband would not suspect anything. As Dan got home, he saw the car and went by the neighbors to look. Dan was shocked to hear his wife tell him the car was his!
Sally was sad that she had no one to spend Christmas with. She decided to spend her holidays make others happy. She went shopping and purchased a bunch of different toys. On Christmas day she went to the children's home. She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever.
Tina was resting on the couch. Her boyfriend decided to scare her and she woke up fast. After Tina went inside her room to sleep, she got scared again by him. She ended up getting mad. In addition, her friend offered her house to sleep in.
Last night, our headboard came loose. It made creaking sounds. I am disabled and cannot use two hands. I jammed a pillow down, wedging the headboard. The headboard is no longer creaking.
Tina's friend was making some guacamole. Tina had never tasted it before. She took a taste and loved it. She couldn't believe she never had it before then. Tina decided to make it herself.
Mary's doorbell rang unexpectedly. Her friend Ellen was standing outside. Ellen had recently received a Starbucks gift card. Ellen invited Mary to join her for coffee. The two friends enjoyed drinking their flat whites.
Susie decided to open a lemonade stand. She bought lemons. She mixed the lemons with water and sugar. She put the lemonade she'd made on a table. Susie finally had her lemonade stand!
My Mother passed away in the Spring of 2009. I was very upset and distraught when it happened. It took me a while to accept the fact that she died. When I did accept her death, a weight was lifted off my shoulders. I am glad that I have come to terms with her dying.
I got a puppy. He kept trying to bite me! I asked my friends for help. They recommended I buy a teething bone for the puppy. It worked and the puppy stopped biting me.
Brandon kept getting the flu every year. It began to really affect him emotionally. He decided to get the flu shot at his doctor's office. his doctor administered the flu shot. Mike didn't get the flu that year.
Jon had worked very hard at his science project. Jon brought it to the science fair and set up a booth for all to see. Jon's project was very popular and received many visitors. Jon answered many people's questions regarding his amazing project. Jon was very happy to win the blue ribbon for his science project!
Evan loved bowling even though he wasn't very good at it. He tried to join the school's bowling league, but he didn't make it. Then he had a better idea. He got his friends together and they formed their own bowling club. Now Evan plays with other bad bowlers, and they all have a great time!
Linda and Till were together for a month. Linda soon discovered she was pregnant. They argued and fought the whole pregnancy. By the time the baby came, they had broken up and were at odds. They realized that the problems came from having a baby too soon.
Demi was on the public bus. She heard some people bickering for whatever reason. Suddenly, one of the people made a really racist remark. Demi decided to say something. Everyone was glad that she called out the guys racism.
Bay and his dad were going on a trip together. But they couldn't agree on a place to go. Finally they decided on a trip they'd both enjoy. They planned out a long camping trip in the woods! The two had a wonderful time on their trip.
Garth was at the hospital. He was there to visit his brother. His brother was having eye surgery. A doctor came out and told Garth everything was fine. Garth was relieved and went to go chat with his brother.
Sammy was at an outdoor mall and was starting to feel hungry. She saw a Thai restaurant but doubted its quality. She continued through the mall and carefully examined each restaurant. An hour passed, and she saw nothing much better than the Thai place. After Sammy finished eating there, she left feeling regretful.
Dana was a new preschool teacher in Texas. She loved her job and students very much. Dana always kept a watchful eye over her students. During nap time one student began to have a seizure. Dana reacted immediately and saved her student's life!
Eric spent the whole day working outside. Eric loved working all day. So when it came time for his evening shower he was reluctant. He wanted to keep working. However, Eric new it would be better if he came in and cleaned up.
The senate was working to resolve a crisis. One member advised them to keep their faith in the republic. However, trouble was brewing and corruption was at work. Soon, the republic fell and evil took over. The senate was completely destroyed.
Abby was enjoying a fun singing game with her cousins. As Abby's turn was close, she realized she did not know the words. Abby decided to lip sync, and allow the game to sing the vocals. However, Abby's cousins realized she was lip syncing, and laughed. Abby was embarrassed that she did not know the words to the song.
I was going on a special date. I wanted to rent a limo so it would be a night to remember. The limo was extremely expensive. I decided I wouldn't have enough money. I actually ended up having fun going in a regular car.
It got unexpectedly cold one day while Kia was at work. It began to snow as she drove home. She hurried to get to her house as fast as she could. There, she rushed to get all her plants indoors. Kia didn't want them to freeze and die!
Bobby wanted to impress the girls at his school. He noticed that his friend Jim was really popular with the girls. Bobby asked himself what was different between him and Jim. He realized that Jim played the guitar. Bobby taught himself to play the guitar in order to impress girls.
Tom was late for work. He had been warned about always being late. Tom tried to call in to let them know what happened. Unfortunately his boss couldn't put up with it any longer. That was Tom's last day at the job.
Peter was in a town he had never visited before. He was very hungry but didn't know where to eat. He stopped by a local diner to grab a bite. He ordered a burger, fries and a shake. When he got the meal, he was very satisfied.
Tito worked late unexpectedly one night. When he got home, he saw that his dog had peed on the carpet. Tito knew it was his own fault. He had not been home to let the dog out, after all. Tito decided not to punish his dog.
Melissa and her husband Tony wanted to have a baby. But Melissa traveled the world playing music and didn't want to quit. One day, Melissa found out that she was pregnant. She decided to keep touring the world until the day the baby was born. Now Tony watches the baby while she is on tour.
I was working on a costume. I used a hot glue gun to attach a piece of fabric to the costume. I accidentally squirted glue onto my hand. It hurt, but did not burn me too badly. I learned to be more careful with the glue.
Jenn was studying late for a her calculus exam. Since math was her worst subject ,she was very nervous. Her nerves made it difficult to focus on the practice problems. She decided to take a walk outside to calm herself down. After cooling off, she was finally able to finish her practice tests.
Mitch and Polly needed a sofa for their apartment. Their friend had one for sale at a good price. Mitch and Polly drove to his apartment to buy it. They had forgotten that their friend lived on the third floor. Their friend helped Mitch and Polly carry the sofa down the stairs.
Tom had never smoked before. His friends thought it would be fun to smoke cigars. Tom didn't know how to do it. He sucked in too much with each hit. Tom got dizzy and sick to his stomach.
Kristen and Lisa were best friends at the restaurant. When a new waitress Tina came in, they hated it. They did not want Tina to feel welcome. They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted. Eventually Tina quit.
Jamie had worked for weeks to get the high score on PacMan. He finally did it! He stopped by the arcade every day to gloat. One day, he saw someone had beat him by 1000 points. Jamie felt so defeated.
Lisa was watching a new show on Netflix. She got hooked from the first episode. Before she knew it she spent all night watching it. The next day she was tired at work. She could only think about the show.
I was sad that I failed a class. I did not want to get out of bed. My friend came by to tell jokes. That made me happy. I finally decided to get out of bed.
The bell rang at exactly 8:01. I arrived in class at exactly 8:03. The teacher chewed me out for being late, but I didn't care. I had more important things on my mind. I was getting a scholarship to Yale.
The side of the house looked very dirty. I went to get the water hose. I realized the dog had chewed through the hose. I went to buy a new one. I ended up renting a power washer instead.
Karen was overweight and unhealthy. She knew she had to make changes to her lifestyle. She became a vegan. She exercised. Karen lost the weight and regained her health.
Amelia was the star of her school's basketball team. However, she felt upset that boys and girls were separated in sports. She gathered up the principle and both the girls' and boys' coaches. She explained her point of view and asked to try co-ed teams. They agreed and the first co-ed practice match was a success.
On June 28th we had dinner with my cousin. We had not seen each other in six months. We met in Chinatown and had Cantonese food. We talked about our grandchildren, showing off photos. We ended up staying for three hours, and were sad to say goodbye.
John just started college. He did not realize how much he would have to study. He had a chemistry test on Friday. John decided to go to a party instead. John failed his test.
Stephen was tired after working all night and had to drive home. He was quite drowsy while driving and couldn't stay awake. Stephen fell asleep at the wheel and drove off the road. He awoke to a cop knocking on his window. Stephen was given a ticket for reckless driving.
Natalie was at home when she began to feel an earthquake. Trying not to panic she thought of her safety training. She rushed outside and found an open spot to wait. The quake lasted a long time before finally ending. Everything was destroyed but at least Natalie was safe.
Today I drove to the coffee shop. On my way, I saw three deer. The deer were eating in a field. When I got to the coffee shop, I told my friend about them. He suggested that we drive back to see them, so we did.
When Pam went to work, she was tired. She started up her computer and stared at the screen. She found herself dozing off from time. Her boss didn't notice. During her lunch break, she took a nap.
Today I got a fortune cookie. The fortune in the cookie read that I going to meet someone special. It was only a few hours later that I met a special girl. We are going to go out on a date tonight. I guess the fortune in the cookie was very accurate.
Liz loved mashed potatoes. She decided to make some. As she was mixing in the milk, she poured too much. She was not able to scoop it out. Liz had runny mashed potatoes and ate them anyway.
Alex was always busy reading books to have time to go out. She had no friends but she didn't care she had her books. One day she decided to get her books and go for a nice day of reading. She sat by the benches and began reading and observing the people. She was a loner and happy because all she needed were her books.
Marcus bought a home. Being his first home, he was very excited and proud of himself. After moving in, the plumbing backed up. And, the electrical wires began shorting out. Marcus was upset that he bought this home.
Ann went to the island of Tahiti. There, she lay under palm trees on the beach. Her tropical vacation was perfect! She even drank from a coconut garnished with umbrellas. Ann vowed to remember her trip to Tahiti forever!
Joe needed to work in the fields. It was harvest season and it was all hands on deck. He kept working and working until he could work no more. He got so tired that he passed out. Then he passed away due to lack of oxygen.
Sally planted a flower garden. She included roses and periwinkles. She placed a fountain in her garden. She also put a walking path. Sally was proud of her creation.
Julie has had a tough day at work and is feeling tired. She cooks a big meal when she gets home. After eating, she feels very satisfied. She cleans up the dishes and gets ready for bed. Julie is happy to be going to sleep after a long day.
Sarah got a car for her birthday. But she was upset that it wasn't pink. So she decided to get it painted hot pink. Her car gave her lots of attention. So she was happy about her decision.
Everyone told me not to pursue acting. Ever since I was young though, I knew I had to act. After 18 years I will finally be able to pursue my dream. An incredible director has chosen me to star in his movie. I have proven everybody wrong, I was right to follow my dreams.
A chef created something new. He grabbed a zucchini. He grabbed spaghetti sauce. He put them together. Everyone loved the dish.
Amy and Beth wanted new outfits for a party. The party was thrown by Ella. Ella was the sister of Ray whom Amy had a crush on. Amy wanted to look extra cute for the party. In the end she couldn't find the perfect outfit.
Benjamin have the ball in his hands with 4 seconds left. He tried to run to the post. Since everyone was blocking the area, he shot a three. The ball bounced off of the net but it went back in. The judges announced the winners, which were us.
Joe loved his mom's fried chicken. One day he decided he would try to copy her recipe. He bought all the ingredients. He followed each step. Lo and behold, it turned out perfectly.
Rick needed a workout partner. Rick asked Gary to start working out with him. Gary would go everyday to the gym with Rick. Now Gary is very muscular. Rick still looks the same.
I took my dog to the dog park today. My dog ran around and played with all the other dogs. I was starting to get bored of watching dogs run around. I decided that it was time to leave the dog park. My dog whined when we left.
Skyler was fascinated by insects. Her favorite insect was the firefly. It was her grandpa that first taught her about them. One evening they spent hours catching fireflies. It was one of her fondest memories.
Oliver was very bright and witty. He decided to become a lawyer to use his intellectual skills. He was very good at his job and helped many people. But more and more he had to represent people who were guilty. As he didn't like it, he switched and became a prosecutor.
My friend Brianna whispered to me in class. The teacher turned around and yelled at me. My friend let me get in trouble. I didn't talk to her for the rest of the day. We were no longer friends.
Lee was a movie buff. However he was on a strict budget. Lee couldn't afford to rent movies like he desired. He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library. Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free.
Gina hated snow even though she lived in Minnesota. And outside the snow was falling hard. Snow was piled high atop her car. Gina could barely see her white car. All she could see where the black tires.
Kelly love her Sony laptop but it was getting worn out. It was time for a new one. She begged her parents but they said no. However to her surprise her parents got her an apple laptop. She felt elated.
Allie had been losing a lot of weight recently. She decided to weigh herself as a result. When she looked at the scale she was shocked. She lost twenty pounds. She was now nearly under one hundred and had to do something about it.
Arnold was overweight and he wanted to get healthier. Arnold really liked to watch television. His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom. Whenever Arnold wanted to watch television, he would ride the bike. Arnold lost 25 pounds and was still able to watch his favorite shows.
Jeff was playing with his neighborhood pal, Kurt. Kurt gave him the idea of ringing a doorbell and then running away. Jeff decided to try the prank on another neighbor. Little did he know, his mother had been watching out the window! Jeff was grounded for a week, but Kurt went unpunished.
Jorge noticed his fingernails were getting very long. He needed a nail clipper in order to cut them. Jorge went to the local store to buy a nail clipper. When he got home he cut all of his nails very neatly. Jorge felt great to have a clean set of fingernails.
I rescheduled my fingerprinting for the next week. When I returned, the woman was wary. She asked if I'd had any other household projects lately. I assured her I had not. We successfully took my fingerprints that day.
Chris had worked hard all year. He could finally buy a new truck. He went to the dealership and picked out the biggest one he could find. He couldn't wait to tow his boat around! Chris was feeling very accomplished.
Yesterday I went and bought a large lollipop. It was swirled and colorful. When I went to take a taste it was gross. It was prettier than it tasted. I would never buy it again.
Katelan was doing laundry for her family. While doing laundry she ran out of detergent. She sent her husband to go get some. Her husband brought her home some more detergent. Katelan was able to finish the laundry now.
The debate was about to begin. The candidates took the stage. They stood at the podiums. They were eager to talk to the voters. The moderator took his seat and began the debate.
Brian took one glance at his friend. He told him the costume was offensive. Brian's friend was dressed up as a Mexican. He wore a poncho and sombrero. The friend told him that he actually was Mexican.
The Smith family was going to visit relatives. The weather was supposed to be clear. Unfortunately a big storm moved in. The Smith family did not feel it was safe to drive. They postponed their visit.
When Ted turned 18 he wanted to move out of his parent's home. He had worked hard and for two years saved money. For a couple weeks prior he started searching through the classifieds. He was able to tour a few places and he decided which place he wanted. He paid all his deposits and his parents helped him move his stuff.
Joseph went to make himself a pot of coffee. He discovered he was out of coffee. He went to the store to shop for coffee beans. He bought some and brought them home. He made a delicious pot of coffee!
Jade wanted a custom designed wedding ring. Her fiance took her to the jewelry store. She picked out designs she liked. Then she selected her stone. Jade was so thrilled to get her one-of-a-kind wedding ring!
Our cat eats once in the morning and once during the day. She usually comes by at noon and asks for food. Today she came by at 10 in the morning. I fed her, and she ate well. Now she will nap until the late afternoon.
Ethan was interested in crop circles. He studied as much about them as he could. He was determined to figure out what caused them. But after years of studying, he had no answers. Ethan decided crop circles would always be a mystery.
Wilson left his phone on his desk at school. He repeatedly checked his phone for messages from friends. The school had a strict no phone policy that was well enforced. Wilson's teacher noticed his phone and decided to take it from him. He had to go the rest of the day without his phone.
Two sportscasters were narrating a boxing match. One sportscaster, Tim, said the man was hit in the breadbasket. The other sportscaster, Sam, asked why he was holding bread. Tim could not stop his broadcast to explain figure of speech. For the rest of the match Sam was very confused.
Rodrigo was driving in Mongolia. He had been driving on rocks the last few days. Suddenly he got a flat tire. He got out to examine what caused it. It wasn't a rock but a nail stuck in the tire.
Becky was in Girl Scouts. She had to do a lot of volunteering. She had a lot of good experiences doing it. It really helped her in life. Now she has her own kids volunteer!
Mary had to work on her thesis. She had been behind all semester. She had been busy with work lately and going to school part time. Mary decided to spend her entire weekend devoted to her thesis. She was able to type out 20 pages throughout the entire weekend.
Dina's contract law homework was due by noon. There was road construction down on main. Dina was delayed in getting to class. Her professor told her in the real world being late wasn't ok. He gave Dina a failing grade to teach her a lesson.
Sara loves books. She will go anywhere to find a book. Online, book stores, thrift shops, garage sales and more. She has so many books that her house is full. We call her the book addict who needs an intervention.
Steve wanted to go for a job but his shorts didn't have pockets. He had to wear his mother's purse to hold his phone and keys. A policeman saw Steve and thought he stole the purse. This caused Steve to run faster than he ever did before. Steve thought he was being tailed by the fashion police.
Ben had never seen the ocean before. On his trip to Florida to visit relatives, they went to the beach. Ben stopped and stared open mouthed. He was amazed at its vast beauty. Ben decided the ocean was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
Rachael kept getting headaches. So she went to get her eyes checked. She was told her prescription had changed. So she picked out new glasses. She couldn't believe how much it helped her headaches.
The dog liked to sleep on soft things. The owners bought her a soft dog bed. She slept on it right away. The next day when they came home, she was laying on her bed. They were glad she enjoyed it so much.
One day, my brother brought home a tarantula. He named it Medusa. He put it in an aquarium. One day it got out of the aquarium. Everyone ran outside and refused to go back in until he found it.
Robbie had broken Charlie's toy out of anger. Charlie was only three and he began to cry. Charlie's Dad came over and asked him what the problem was. Charlie showed him the broken toy and pointed to Robbie. Dad picked Charlie up and took him to the store to get a better toy!
Beth loved shoes. She particularly loved high heels and wanted to buy more. She went shopping. She found a great pair of high heels and bought them. She was happy with her purchase.
Robert decided to fix his truck in his friend Tim's big garage. While there, he accidentally broke one of Tim's expensive power tools. Tim was forgiving, but Robert still has to replace the tool. He bought Tim dinner at a restaurant because he felt so guilty. It worked out well, because Tim met his new girlfriend that night.
Joe was renting an apartment. The apartment had a roach problem. Joe complained to his landlord. His landlord never fixed the problem. Joe finally moved out.
Dan was having a bad day. He decided to go to the bar to feel better. At the bar, he met a girl who he was attracted to. They talked for an hour and had a lot in common. Dan asked her on a date and afterwards they started dating.
Andi was feeling very nervous. She was going to perform in front of many people. She practiced her routine for many months. When it was time to perform, she did very well! The audience stood and clapped for her.
Adam was eleven and had gotten detention. His dad grounded him for a week. Adam angrily decided to run away from home. But as he packed his bag, he calmed down and reconsidered. He decided his punishment was actually pretty fair, after all.
Jill wanted to paint her mother a picture for Mother's Day. She went to the store and bought a canvas and oil paints. Jill then got a table ready in her room for the actual painting. She painted a field of wild flowers since they are her mom's favorite. Her mother cried when Jill gave her the gift on her special day.
The forensics team found a gun on the ground. They ran several DNA tests to find out if someone left finger marks. The results pointed to Sam, who was suspected of murder. They arrested Sam. He eventually confessed to shooting his wife and was sent to jail.
It was a beautiful day when Mike woke up. He decided to go on a bike ride. He rode for three hours but became really tired. Mike knew he couldn't ride back home. So, he found a bus stop and took the bus back to his house.
The girl turned up the music. The dad was trying to sleep. He got mad. He walked into the girls room abruptly. He took the girls stereo out of her room.
I lost use of my left hand in 2011. I had trouble opening jars and bottles. I used my feet with limited success. I found a device that sits on the counter and lets me open jars. This device has proven to be very helpful to me.
I sat down in the quiet room. I laid my pencils on the desk. I was ready to start the test. You could hear a pin drop in the room. Suddenly, my stomach growled loudly, embarrassing me.
Julie went to the beach. She fell asleep while sun tanning. She got a terrible sunburn. Her skin was very painful for several days. She always wore sunscreen after that day.
Andrew's pet parakeet ran out food. So Andrew went to the pet store to get food for his bird. He bought bird food and drove home to feed it. He fed his pet bird. Andrew's pet now had food.
Bret has always wanted to play hockey. One evening while playing a game at a local hockey rink. He is noticed by a scout. The scout offers him a spot on a professional team. Bret accepts and begins his career as a pro hockey star.
Mia's neighbor was an old lady with a big rose garden. The kids in the neighborhood made fun of the old lady. She shooed them away so her roses wouldn't get trampled. One day, the old lady saw Mia admiring the roses. She invited Mia to pick any rose from her garden.
Harold went out for a walk. The city was pretty quiet. Some cars turned a corner. They were racing. They passed by him.
Tom was driving his car and had a flat tire. He pulled his car over to the side of the road. He got the spare tire out and started to change the tire. A stranger stopped to help him. Together they put the spare tire on the car.
Amy wanted a new book. She went to go to the library. She found the perfect book! She decided to check it out. She read it all the way through.
Susanna went to see a local musical. It was a remake of a very famous show. But during the show it was terrible. The singing and performing was very amateur. As a result Susanna simply decided she wanted to leave.
I had a candy bar last night. I left a piece on my mousepad and went to bed. When I got up I found the candy had melted. I picked it up and got chocolate everywhere. I reminded myself to not leave chocolate out in the summer.
Erik liked to dance. He met a woman Felicia, who also liked to dance. They quickly bonded and went dancing together. A few months later Erik and Felicia got married. They go dancing every weekend.
2010 was the last year we had a real Christmas tree. Our normal source for trees had gone out of business. We went to a nursery on a rainy day. My wife took a long time selecting a tree. I had a stroke in 2011 and we have not had a real tree since.
Sam is walking down the street. He has just cashed his paycheck. Sam see's an ice cream truck. He buys a snow cone. Sam reaches for his wallet later and can't find it.
Chris was not doing well financially. He went to the gas station and decided to buy a lottery ticket. That night, Chris listened to the winning numbers. Chris was shocked to hear he won. He was able to pay off all of his debts and buy a new car.
Alice sat down at the bar and ordered a screwdriver. She was meeting a blind date and she had arrived early. While she waited she put a dollar in the juke box. She selected a song by INXS. By the time her date showed up Alice was already gone.
Ziggy the dog is a picky eater. He likes string cheese and hot dogs. Ziggy's owner gets tired of catering to him. One day, she serves him his dog food plain. Ziggy refuses to eat it.
Clint's dad was a cowboy who rode horses. Though Clint barely knew his dad, he wanted a horse just like dad's. One day Clint passed a field and saw an old, sick looking horse. He called the Humane Society to help him rescue the abused horse. Finally, Clint took the horse home to care for as his own.
Tammy loved playing online games. She met a friend threw her favorite one. They decided to meet in person. After meeting they fell in love. They got married last month and are happy together.
Tim wanted to go sledding for the first time. He wore his coat and hat. And put on his winter boots. He even put on a pair of snow leggings to protect his legs. He ran out the door but didn't actually have one thing, a sled.
The woman wanted to knit a blanket. She went to the craft store and looked at all the yarn. There were hundreds of colors available. She decided to pick five neon colors. She hoped they would come together to make a beautiful blanket.
Dina failed all of her classes for the semester. Since she was discouraged, she decided to quit school for a while. Unfortunately, she picked up some drinking habits. Her mom noticed that she turned into an alcoholic. Dina didn't realize the consequences until she caught a heart attack.
When I was 20, I drove to Tulsa. I was visiting a friend who was going to Germany. A huge snow storm hit right after I dropped him off. I was trapped in my little car in the snow. I spent the entire night in a gas station parking lot.
My sister-in-law's husband had a younger brother, Bill. Bill was in the navy. One day he was in a cab with two other sailors. They got into a fight and one sailor pulled out a gun. Bill was killed trying to stop the fight.
Susie went home for the holidays. But her mother was making chitterlings. Susie was horrified. One whiff and it was gross. She refused to touch it.
Jude got a new job in a different state. He had to sell his house in order to move to the new state. He had it on the market for months but it did not sell. His aunt suggested that he rent it instead. That was a good idea, as he was able to rent it out in a month's time.
Cynthia was working in a theater. She had been tasked with cleaning the stage. Mop in hand, she stepped onto the stage. Under her feet, she could feel the grime stuck to the floor. She knew then that cleaning it by herself would be impossible.
I wanted to give up on work this morning. Nothing seemed to be happening. I kept accepting work, but having to return it. I went and laid down on the bed for a minute. That's when all the work started showing up at once.
One day Joe was upset. His father told him that they would go on a motorcycle trip. They decided to go when Joe turned 21. When Joe was 21 he and his father bought motorcycles. The had a great trip together.
One day my family and I loaded up the car and headed for the beach. The weather was perfect for a long day of swimming and relaxing. As we got out of the car I bolted across the street. At the same time a sports car halted right next to me. Somehow my small life was spared that day.
Gordon found he was out of milk. He went to his car. Gordon drove to the nearest store. He pushed the accelerator down as the light turned from yellow to red. The tires of the car coming the opposite way squealed to a stop.
Tom was a fast man. He ran everywhere, including to the store. He ran down the aisle to get a drink. He turned quickly and started to run. He tripped and spilled the drink everywhere.
Tim needed to get new socks. He always lost his socks when doing the laundry. He ordered a large crate of 1,000 off of eBay. He was able to get them for cheap buying bulk. Tim never needed to buy new socks ever again.
People were very passionate about football in Greg's hometown. Greg was the quarterback of his high school football team. His team was set to play its biggest rivals. The whole town came to the game. Greg led his team to victory.
My sister-in-law loves Bubble Witch. In order to get a better score she needed to get FB friends. She issued friend requests to a lot of strangers playing this game. She ended up with a lot of friends from France and Germany. On her birthday she received many greetings in French and German.
Harold was a very old man. Everyone in the nursing home thought he was grumpy. One day, a nurse decided to get to know him better. She discovered that Harold just needed some company. The nurse and Harold are great friends.
Nelly is turning seven this week. He wants to visit the space museum for his birthday. His parents promised to take him on his birthday. Nelly saw on television an advertisement for a circus. He convinced his parents to take him to the circus for his birthday.
Rita bought a box of cereal from the grocery store. When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal. She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already. She went back to the store and demanded a refund. The store manager gave her back her money.
Jim was having health troubles. His doctor said he needed to have surgery. Jim was very nervous about being in the hospital. He asked his wife to stay with him the whole time. Jim looked forward to feeling better.
Tom noticed he hadn't received mail for a few days. He checked everyday for the next week and he saw nothing. One day he decided to watch the mailman come. He caught his neighbor sneaking over to steal his mail. His neighbor went to jail.
I try to read 100 pages from a book every day. Yesterday I was behind. My wife had taken me to breakfast, and I had read only 20 pages. I sat down in the afternoon and read 80pages. I was exhausted after that.
Greg decided to join marching band. He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions. He even got his own instrument. The day of tryouts came and all his work was for nothing. It wasn't that he didn't made it, it's that everyone got accepted.
Reese saved up money for two months to buy a skateboard. When he finally had it in his hands, he went straight to the park. He showed off his board and his moves to all who would watch. Unfortunately, during one of his tricks, he landed funny on the board. The board snapped right in half.
Since we travel on business, we stay in the same hotel for months. We had the sweetest housekeeper who did a great job for us. One day, my husband saw her and she looked sad. Three weeks before Christmas, she told me that she had been fired. She lost her job before she could buy presents for her children.
Jennifer never knew what to buy for her mother-in-law. Whatever she came up with wasn't appreciated. She tried to ask for help, but no one knew either. So one day, she went to the store and picked something at random. When she offered the gift, her mother-in-law was delighted.
Erica adopted a Labrador puppy named Jerry. Jerry loved to run away whenever he could. One day, Jerry was injured when he was hit by a car. Erica had a fence installed while he was in the veterinary hospital. Jerry loved playing in his new, safe yard.
Tom drove downtown for a job interview. He had to park in a huge parking garage. When he finished the interview he went back to the garage. He could not remember where he parked his car. He searched the garage for an hour until he finally found his car.
My family got up one morning while on vacation. We loaded our boat onto a trailer and drove to the beach. After loading up from the dock, we took off on our boat. After only a few minutes on the sea, dolphins began to swim by us. We played with them for a while and then returned to the dock.
The grass in my yard was brown and disgusting. I wanted green grass like everyone else. I could never remember to water the grass. My neighbor bought me sprinklers. Now I could have healthy green grass.
Laura wanted to play flute. The music store was out of flutes. They carried some clarinets in stock. Laura reluctantly tried one. She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight.
June was a professional singer. She performed at concerts almost every night. One day, June passed out white on stage. She had been too exhausted from performing every night. June quit singing to focus on improving her health.
Gina stopped at a gas station to fill her tank. She closed her car door and went to the pump. It was cold so she decided to sit in the car while the gas was pumping She grabbed the handle and pulled. That's when she discovered the car door was locked.
Anna was packing her husband a healthy lunch. She had grilled him a chicken breast to make a salad. But then she saw that their lettuce was soggy and unusable! She spotted her fresh bag of spinach and decided to use that instead. Anna's husband loved his grilled chicken salad on a bed of spinach!
I wasn't allowed to have toys, so I played with my brother's. He had a huge castle greyskull. I loved to pretend I was Shera, protecting the castle. I used my imagination to play for hours. It was one of my favorite toys even though it wasn't mine.
Tabitha used to think she hated cooking. She was constantly complaining about hating all the work. There was too much to do and it took too much time for her. One day I went to her house and showed her how to quickly prep meals. Now she enjoys cooking for herself and friends.
When Brian was young he was baby sat by the woman next door. She had a younger son too, so they played well together. But the family had a pet snapping turtle. One day Brian accidently put his hand in the tank and got bit. His mother was so upset he never went back to that house again.
My autistic brother has a hard time communicating with people. Our mom bought him a video game where he can voice chat his opponents. He made friends by chatting while playing the game. He now has gained more confidence because he has new friends. Because of his new confidence, my brother smiles more often now.
Chris was hunting deer one evening in a wooded area. He watched a deer through the scope of his rifle and saw something. As he walked closer he noticed that it was a badly decayed body. Chris grabbed his cellphone and called the police. That was the last time Chris went hunting there.
Our niece Felicia went back to college last week. She moved in on Monday, and classes began on Wednesday. She and her roommates went out to dinner on Tuesday. They wanted to have a final blast before school started. They posted photos on Facebook.
June was an aspiring songwriter. She wrote songs every single day. She submitted her work to every agency in town. An agent finally hired her. June is now the most successful songwriter in the country.
My next door neighbor was a frail little old lady. Her husband had died many Years before I moved next to her. I always saw her working in her garden. One day, I didn't see her outside so I went to check on her. I saved her life by checking on her because she had fallen.
Josh Turner was a paleontologist. When he retired, he moved to a small town. He built a museum there. The museum became very successful. His work inspired many children who visited.
The woman kissed a man. It felt good to her. She gave him her number. He lost it on the way home. The never met again.
I had a dream last night about chess. I was playing chess with my 99 year old friend Rob. Rob was a grandmaster who easily defeated me. I woke up and realized it was a dream. Rob is actually rather senile and plays chess poorly.
Jon had always made good grades. One day he forgot to study for a quiz. When he got to class, he knew nothing. He did the best he could and had to guess. Jon still failed his quiz.
Tom was skinny dipping with friends. They all got out before him. His friends stole his towel and clothes. Tom had to run out to get them. Everyone laughed.
Anna was only partly enjoying her road trip to Florida. Then she spotted orange and grapefruits groves. She ran to pick fresh citrus fruit and eat it. She even picked a tiny, yellow lime! Anna ended up having a wonderful trip!
I had a big paper due in my writing class. I had made a mistake with my pencil and tried to erase it. The eraser did not work at all. I decided to scribble it out with the pencil. I did not like the scribbles so I went and bought an eraser.
Dana wanted a new look. She went shopping for some new jeans. They had rips and tears and were very trendy. Her friends all complimented her on her edgy new style. Dana bought many more pairs of the jeans.
Patty did not speak English. She needed to learn for her job. Patty signed up to take a class. The class was very helpful. Patty can have a conversation in English now.
The typing was loud and obnoxious. Everyone in the office was getting frustrated. They whispered about how they wished she would stop. She sounded like she was slamming the keys. Finally someone asked her to be quiet.
Tristan stepped in some mud. His new shoes got covered in mud. He looked for a new pair. Tristan found a great pair at Payless. He bought those ones.
A man set up a toll booth on his street to make extra cash. It looked so official so no one questioned it. The man made so much that he quit his day job. Soon he hired two more people to work the booth while he was away. Once he had all the money he wanted he shut down the booth.
Narci was redecorating her home. She went shopping every day. Soon the home was full of beautiful pieces. She invited friends over to see all the changes she'd made. They came over and told her she had a great eye.
Tom was drunk at the bar. He offered to buy his friends drink. He added it all to his tab. Tom's card didn't go through at the end of the night. Tom had to repay over weeks.
Alex needed to go to school. She hated taking the yellow bus with all the little kids. She knew it would take almost an hour to walk to school. She put on her walking shoes and headed out. The walk to school took her 55 minutes.
Ginny has a secret. She would like to tell someone because it's heavy on her mind. She considers telling her best friend. Ginny is worried what her friend will think. She decides to keep the secret to herself.
The daycare called Ellen. Her infant son was sick again. This was the third time in a month. Ellen went to tell her boss, who just shook his head. She spent that night looking for a new job.
Jim had been having nightmares. He started to have trouble sleeping. Jim wasn't getting enough sleep. Jim went to see a doctor. The doctor prescribed medicine to help Jim with his sleep problem.
Bill does odd jobs all summer. He saves up all his money and buys a PS4. Just three weeks later the PS4 breaks. The store won't exchange it the PS4 for him. So he has to send it in to Sony and wait two weeks to get it back.
Cody had a black cat, but she didn't like the cat. The cat always did bad things, like pooping on her back pack. Cody put up with the cat for a while, but she couldn't handle it. She packed up the cat and gave it away. Cody vowed to never get another cat.
Kate was a fairly cute girl. She would often go to the bar with her friends. It seemed to her that everyone else got hit on except her. Eventually she started dressing flashier. She got attention but not the kind she wanted.
Kari loved jewelry. She needed to get a bracelet. Thankfully she found one on sale. It was only thirty dollars. Kari was happy she got it cheaply.
Kaya wanted a dog for her birthday. Her mom and dad said ten was too young to care for a pet. Kaya promised to walk the neighbor's two dogs daily for a month. She followed through, so her parents did the same. They bought Kaya a dog for her birthday!
A bully pushed Iva down in the school yard. Her glasses fell off her face into the dirt. Then the bully stepped on them! Iva's mom frowned when she saw the shattered lens. She made Iva pay for the new lens out of her allowance.
Tom was at the bar. He decided to hit on a girl. She misheard what he said and was incredibly insulted. She slapped Tom and walked off. Tom and his friends were dumbfounded.
Everybody knew jerry, but nobody liked him. He always just seemed to show up uninvited wherever people were. He would whine and sneeze and lick his fingers after eating. Finally everyone grew tired of his nonsense and ditched him. Unfortunately, I didn't get the memo, so now I'm stuck with him.
My Grandpa had been wealthy long before I was born. He would always tell me he made all of his by investing. When I was twenty I was visiting him in Arizona. The DEA busted through the door to arrest him. In the 80s he happened to be a very large drug dealer in Los Angeles.
June woke up to the sound of meowing. On her front step, she found a stray kitten crying. June looked up and down the street for the kitten's owner. The kitten brushed against her feet and mewed pitifully. June scooped up the kitten and brought it inside.
She awoke with his arms around her. He squeezed tightly as she tried to move. He called her a blockhead in his sleep. She started laughing out loud. Her laughter woke him up.
Jean was lactose intolerant. She still liked ice cream. Jean went to a party. She ate an ice cream cone. Jean got sick.
A detective received a call about an unsolved murder. He visited locations to investigate new leads. At these locations, he discovered very helpful evidence. The detective determined who the murderer was. The previously unsolved murder case was pronounced solved.
Ron decided to go on a fishing trip during the summer. He took three buddies with him. None of them caught any fish after three hours of fishing. As his friends were packing up Ron was still fishing. Just as his friends left Ron ended up catching a 20 pound flounder.
Nancy won some money from poker. She felt risky and decided to have another match. She placed all of her money into this game. Her opponent made the first move. He ended up winning and he took all of her money.
Eleanor really likes food. She worked out to maintain a healthy weight. However, she still ate a lot compared to most. Her friend recommended that she try out for competitive eating. She ended up being very good and winning many contests.
Tyler got suspended from college. He was getting in trouble for drinking. He went back to his house. He did not know what to do. He had to get a job.
Lucy decided to host a potluck with her friends this weekend. She decided to bring curry to the potluck. Lucy bought all the ingredients on Wednesday. Lucy spent Friday night cooking the curry. Lucy's friends complimented her on her curry.
We were invited to my aunt's house. She was going to make dinner for us. We got there, and could smell the roast cooking. We sat on the couch and talked before dinner. A good time was had by all.
I was scared to get my text back yesterday. As I was scared, the teacher plopped it down on my desk. To my dismay I got a terrible grade. I sunk in my seat. I then ran to the bathroom and cried.
Chris was a 15 year old high school student. Chris was looking forward to turning 16. Chris' parents surprised him with a brand new car. Chris loved the car very much. Chris thanked his parents sincerely and graciously for the car.
Michael went to school everyday and loved his classes. He was a teacher's pet in several classes he had. The teacher's had to stop letting him help all of the time. Michael didn't want to stop helping and he had a solution. The teacher's listened to him and allowed all students to help them.
Cheesy Gordita was feeling ill. The great Mexican cook off had taken a toll on his faculties. He couldn't figure out how he'd lost to Tommy Taquito. That's when he met a little boy who showed what arrogance meant. Cheesy resolved to beat Tommy next year.
Ramona's boss called her into his office. She had a bad feeling about this meeting. He carefully explained why she was being let go. They shook hands. Sadly, Ramona cleaned out her desk and left the office for good.
Bob needed help developing a website. He looked for people to test his website and provide feedback. He offered to pay the people a small amount of money for each review. A large number of people agreed to help test. Bob greatly improved his website with the help of the people.
Everyone took their stance. Once the judge fired the gun, they began to run. Chelsea caught the lead. However, Hannah tripped her by accident. Tina ended up winning the race since the other two fell.
Jill was afraid of public speaking more than anything. But for her class she had to make a presentation in front of everyone. Her mother suggested she practice in front of a camera. After watching herself on camera, Jill was able to feel calmer. In class, she gave her speech and got an A.
Wallace was a race car driver. He always came in second or third. Today he wanted to come in first. He practiced and practiced for this day. During the race he was determined and he won!
Bill bought a new truck. He decided to take it off road. He had a lot of fun doing this. He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down. He ruined his transmission by offroading with poor skill.
Seth is eating his favorite burger. He enjoys it. After about 30 minutes his stomach starts feeling weird. Seth begins feeling sick. Moments  later Seth vomits all over the place.
Ashley wanted to be a ballerina. She signed up for ballet lessons at a local dance studio. Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves. After a year, Ashley danced in her first recital. She did a great job.
Jake had his dog for over 12 years. It was near the end of his life. Jake noticed it was struggling and in pain. At one point it broke a hip and Jake knew what he had to do. The dog was gently put down.
Ella found an old oil lamp at a thrift store. She bought it eagerly. She hurried home with it. Then she rubbed it expectantly. But sadly, no genie emerged.
Tony was always a quirky kind of guy. One day he got it in is head that he wanted to play steel drums. He went to the music shop and they ordered it for him. The drums came in. Tony was so excited and he began learning to play them that day.
Riley's mom was going to have a new baby soon. Riley was nervous to have a new baby brother. His mom let him help get the house ready for the new baby. When the baby was born, Riley got to hold him in the hospital. Riley felt better about having a new baby in the family.
Donald has a big meeting coming up. He's very excited and nervous. Donald's been preparing for the meeting constantly. He's sure that he has all of his ducks in a row. Donald walks into the meeting confidently.
My brother swindled a rock star. They met outside the bar where the star had performed. My brother sold him a bag filled with oregano. My brother was going to make a pizza with it, but bought one instead. The rock star found himself very confused, later that night.
We went to the zoo. We walked around looking for the exhibits. We stopped to watch the penguins. They were jumping in the water and playing. My son fell in love with them.
Larry lost his job last year and was living in his car. He never cared about the homeless people on his daily route to work. Larry now understood how one could end up homeless. Larry spent his last few dollars on a lottery ticket. When he won the lottery, he built five homeless shelters in his city.
John decided to make lemonade. He got some lemons and squished them in pitcher. He put sugar in the pitcher then water. John then mixed the drink. John drank some fresh lemonade.
Alex was five Year's old. Today was the first day of September. Alex woke up and dressed in a new and carefully selected outfit. Alex and the whole family walked out to the bus stop. When the bus came Alex boarded it and then waved to the family.
Jeremy is anxiously waiting for school to start in August. He loves everything about school. His mom takes him shopping to buy everything he needs for school. The night before school starts he is so excited he can hardly sleep. The next day he raced to school to finally see his friends again!
Jimmy was playing his favorite computer game League of Legends. Jimmy kept losing due to his terrible internet connection. Jimmy began to become irate. He smashed his computer monitor with his keyboard out of frustration. Jimmy was grounded from using the computer for a month afterwards.
When Mike was only six he was afraid of getting his haircut. His mom only made him go once every couple months. One day his hairstylist wasn't paying enough attention while cutting. She missed the hair and cut his ear. Mike screamed in agony and had to have six stitches.
There once was a little black spider. With red on her belly and back. She liked to eat bugs from the webs that she supn. She injected them with venomous fangs. She was a very good spider till she was eaten by a bird.
Harry and Barry were friends. Barry decided to go emo. Harry didn't like that. Harry decided to be a cowboy. They formed their own cliques.
We went to watch a movie. We didn't know what we wanted to see. We chose a horror movie. We both enjoyed it very much. We talked about it all the way home.
Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him, again. The target was in his sights, but he had to recalibrate. Peter took a deep breath and relaxed. This is what he'd been trained for. He squeezed the trigger and got the job done.
I never understood the need for expensive dishes. Dishes are going to get eaten off of. There is no point paying more than you have to. My wife told me otherwise. My wife and I eventually bought expensive dishes.
Annie and Sarah were at the lake. Sarah had gotten a really bad sunburn during the day. Annie thought that it would be funny to prank her. She smacked Sarah's sunburn sharply. Sarah cried out in pain and Annie realized she had gone too far.
John tried out for the football team. He made the cut and got to play in the first game. They put him in as a receiver. On the first play the ball was thrown to him. He caught the pass and made a touchdown.
There once was an Opossum that lived under my brothers front porch. My brother swatted at it with a broom to try and make it leave. The Opossum walked out from under the porch and stared at him. My brother had no words for the Opossum's bravery. He left the Opossum alone and it eventually left on its own accord.
The fire had destroyed two homes already. It was now approaching the home of an ex-firefighter. The man made a ditch around his home. He filled the ditch with water. The house was saved from destruction.
Ed ran two miles everyday for track practice. There was a track meet today at school. Ed was scared to run against other teams. During his race Ed beat all the other runners and placed first. Ed won a medal and was happy his hard work paid off.
Eric was in the 5th grade when he began to have problems at school. He got along with all of the children but couldn't focus on learning. Not matter how hard he tried he was always too distracted. So the teacher called for a meeting with his parents. During the meeting it was decided that Eric should be homeschooled.
My family recently went to a Steelers game in Pittsburgh. During tailgating, my sister drank a bit too much. As a result, she was not allowed into the stadium. She ran off after being denied entry. Luckily, she found a cab back to the hotel.
Ellie dreaded the new school year starting. She liked school, but hated shopping for school. Her mom agreed to do the shopping. Mom got everything without Ellie needing to go to the store. Ellie thanked her mom for helping her by shopping.
Amy and her friends were out past curfew and hiding in bushes. They cops were on the block and they didn't want to be seen. The cops were driving slowly patrolling the neighborhood. The girls crouched in the bushes, waiting for them to leave. When they turned the corner, the girls let out a collective sigh.
Tim logged onto his Facebook like usual. He noticed that one of his classmates left a mean comment on his wall. He was really upset because this person made fun of his family. Tim told his parents what happened. Timmy then blocked this person and his parents consoled him.
Jake's employer held a month long sales contest for Super Bowl tickets. He did very well, meeting all of the requirements along the way. Most sales people were football fans, and the contest was very fierce. It came down to a drawing, and Jake won, to the envy of all onlookers. This would be the first and only game he'd see all year, or cared to.
Sandy was watching a video on Youtube. At the end of the video, there was a poem scrolling. Sandy felt that the poem looked familiar. Upon research, Sandy discovered it was a poem she wrote. Sandy was glad to see her poem visualized on the screen.
Pete worked at a large bakery downtown. All pete made were pies of all shapes and sizes. Pete's boss, Sam, hated that all Pete made were pies. Sam tried one of Pete's pies one day, and loved it. Sam decided that Pete was allowed to only make pies.
Allison has a teaching degree but is stuck working at a retailer. Allison is very unhappy with her work and wants to teach. She has spent too much time out of her field. No employers are willing to take a chance on Allison. She remains very unhappy.
My friend Ben was a soldier in WW2. One day he was in Italy. He met a violinist on the street. Ben paid him money to play classical music for an hour. Ben wrote a poem about the experience.
Lee went ice skating one day. It was his first time ice skating. He strapped his skates tightly and clambered out into the rink. He was cautious at first, but then loosened up. Lee was a wonderful, natural ice skater!
Today went as usual until I got home. There was a large box on my front porch. I looked over it and quickly saw it was not from UPS or other carrier. I hesitantly opened the box, not knowing what could be in there. Inside, I found a sweet little puppy someone had abandoned.
Fred found a package at his door one morning. But it had someone else's name and address. He decided to keep it and open it. And he found lots of expensive electronics. He happily sold them for a large profit.
Susie went to the fair. Her parents took her Saturday. She went on all the rides. All the sudden she felt sick. She felt so embarrassed that she threw up in front of everyone.
Eric was in a bad mood. So he decided to go a buffet by himself. He initially felt better after eating tons of food. But later, his visions became blurry. And he felt so exhausted he couldn't do anything.
A government was overthrown. People looked for a leader. One man began to get a following. He became the leader. He didn't reign in kindness.
I wanted a piece of jewelry that meant something special. I looked at a specialty shop on the internet. They had rings in the shapes of names. I purchased one in my son's name. I wear it every single day.
Last week I went to a theme park for the first time. I had never been to one before. I was nervous but excited. I ended up getting sick though. I realized I shouldn't go back.
Rufus wanted to escape the cold weather for a vacation. He decided to book a trip to Florida. In Florida he had delicious seafood and sampled the Miami nightlife. After a week he returned to his normal routine at home. However, he still cherished the memory of his Florida trip.
My mother was diagnosed with Uterine cancer 4 months ago. She didn't tell me, I found out on Facebook. I tried to call and text her but she won't talk to me. I am hoping she comes around one day so I can have closure. I am working on myself now to prepare for her death just in case.
Mary was a model. She put on a long dress and walked down the catwalk. The dress was so long that she tripped and fell. The audience laughed at her. Mary felt embarrassed.
Jenny was afraid to sit on Santa's lap. She clung to her mother and refused to climb on the stage. When Santa swayed a lollipop, she changed her mind. She run on his lap and grabbed the sweet. She then told him all she wanted for Christmas.
Dan was glad that his daughter was accepted to Virginia Tech. Dan was elated because Virginia Tech was his Alma Mater. In addition, Dan felt secure knowing she would be safe. Dan even gave his daughter some of his Virginia Tech clothes. Dan was beyond excited that his daughter was Virginia Tech bound.
I decided to take a part time job. I went to a local hotel. The owner was new to speaking english. He broke the law by asking if I was pregnant. I left after the first day.
Foster loved to read magazines. One day he went to the doctors. He was amazed with the amount of magazines. Foster read all the magazines there. After that, he purchased a lot to read at home.
Jose's parents wouldn't let him hang out with his friends anymore. He started sneaking out of the house to drink and party with them. He laughed with his friends about how close-minded his parents were. One night while drinking with them, he got injured in a car accident. Jose learned that he should listen to his parents more often.
I slept outside on my trampoline last Saturday. The trampoline was big and very comfortable. A cool breeze could be felt while I was sleeping. I brought some blankets because it was getting cool. I woke relaxed and ready to begin the day.
Hope decided it was time to drain and clean her swimming pool. After draining the water, Hope forgot all about cleaning it out. Frogs discovered the small amount of pool water and laid eggs. Soon Hope had a large amount of tadpoles in the bottom of her pool. Sadly, instead of a swimming pool Hope now had a growing frog habitat.
My wife took the car in for service today. There were two technicians at the store. They were both portly. One tech rubbed the other's belly. My wife was amused by their antics.
I asked my cousin if we can hang out today. She agreed to pick me up and travel to a restaurant. The restaurant specializes in wings, so we ordered a special. After eating, we decided to go to a yogurt shop. The next day, we couldn't stop talking about the previous night.
The preacher didn't have Sunday's speech ready. He was busy doing charity. There was no time to prepare one. He decided to talk off the top of his head. The congregation loved it.
I was in Chicago with my middle school choir. There were two selections at the restaurant. One of the moms complained. A waiter would not expand the menu. The woman decided not to eat.
Last night, there was an awful storm. High winds and freezing rain knocked over an old oak tree next door. The tree didn't fall on the house, but it did crush an old wagon. This morning, my neighbor took out his chainsaw and cut up the trunk. By the afternoon, only a pile of leaves and sawdust remained.
Sally's dream was to make it in Hollywood. She saved all her money and traveled to California. She started taking acting classes and earning acclaim. Before long, she was offered a small part in a film. The film was a success and Sally was on her way to stardom.
On a warm spring day I was out for a drive with the windows down. I didn't realize I had a passenger until a wasp stung me on the neck. I panicked and swerved, barely missing a car in the next lane. I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out. I was lucky I wasn't in an accident due to that awful insect.
Ben warmed up his lunch and put it in his insulated lunchbox. He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert. When it was lunch time he took out his food. The chocolate had melted entirely. He had to scrape off the chocolate to get to his lunch.
Courtney told me about her proposal. Her boyfriend had caught her off guard at the game. She turned around and saw him on one knee. She was completely surprised. She said yes.
Roy heated up some water to make tea. He pouted the hot water into a mug and added a bag. He read a book while the tea steeped. Roy got very distracted by the book. When he remembered about the tea, the water was quite cold.
Victoria had a severe fear of heights. She had been transferred to a new job and had to fly there. When she got to the airport she started getting nervous. She started sweating and feeling faint. When Victoria got to the boarding ramp she feinted.
Lucy had a pet watermelon in the garden. In the morning she ran outside to greet her pal. The stickers she chose for eyes had washed away in the rain. Upset she told her grandma what happened. Grandma laughed and decided they would use paint instead.
Tammy couldn't figure out why her apartment smelled bad. She had just bought new cat litter. She thought maybe it was due to the difference in brand. Eventually Tammy found cat poop in her closet. Apparently her cats didn't like the new litter.
Kris wasn't sure what her kids wanted for Christmas. On some advice, she decided to be sneaky. She asked them to write a letter to Santa. Kris made mental notes on what was in the letters. She was happy to be able to get the kids what they wanted.
Inclement weather makes the morning commute infinitely worse. Yesterday there was a thick fog in my area. I could hardly see ten feet outside my windshield. I had to move at around fifteen miles an hour to get to work. If it fogs like that again, I might as well walk to work.
Bob was 50 years old and Jim was 20. They spent their evenings together playing cards. Their form of poker was a high-stakes game. Thousands of dollars changed hands every night. To them, it was just a game.
Kim had passion for fashion. So Kim decided to make a clothing company. At first she only sold shirts to friends and family. But eventually the demand for her shirts grew. The business grew and became successful.
Kelsi really wanted to get a tattoo. She was debating about it. Finally she decided she wanted to get one after all. When she got on the seat, they started doing a bad job. The tattoo was so terrible Kelsi wanted it to end.
Kelly had an important interview. She drove to the town where the interview was in. It suddenly started to rain. Kelly didn't have an umbrella! She arrived at her interview soaked.
Dan's wife Jane was on a health kick. Dan decided he was going to eat a burger. He decided to eat car in the car in the garage. His son Dave caught him eating the burger. Dan gave him half the burger to keep quiet.
June was really tired of having short curly hair. She desired grow her curly out to her waist. She researched her hair type and what was best for it's growth. June completely changed how she took care of her hair for one year. At the end of the year she had reached her goal of long hair.
Gina was upset her family hadn't saved her breakfast. She had been looking forward to her grandma's cooking for days. She decided to cook her own breakfast. Just then her grandma came in to find out what she was doing. It turned out her grandma put her plate in the oven to keep it warm.
Amy needed new shorts for volleyball. The ones she had were too restrictive. Her mother gave her her card to buy more online. She decided to get a spare pair just in case. With expedited shipping she spent $50 more than she was supposed to.
Yesterday Peter went on a hike with his friends. They walked through the woods for an hour. All of the sudden, Peter started to slip. He fell right down on the rocks. Peter then sprained his ankle.
Kevin's friend Tom could ride a wheelie on his bike for a long time. Kevin wished he could ride as well. He decided to practice riding a wheelie until he learned it. He finally learned. Kevin and Tom can now ride a wheelie for a long time together.
Jimmy needed some work space in his crowded home. He noticed an old dirty shed in the corner of the yard. It was in bad condition but he thought he could clean it up. Several weeks of hard work returned the shed to a quality appearance. Jimmy enjoyed his private work space for years to come.
Bill was on thin ice with his job. He was like a volcano ready to explode. His boss was always giving him too much work and not enough pay. One Friday afternoon bill's boss gave him a stack of overtime work. Bill got up off his desk and told his boss that he quits.
Sarah is great at gymnastics. She has a competition coming up. Sarah practiced every day until the competition. She did very well at the competition. She brought home a gold medal.
Kate was cooking dinner. Her husband got home from work. He tried to sneak up and hug her. Kate had a knife in her hand and stabbed him by accident. She had to call 911 for help.
She tried hard to please her parents. They were dissatisfied no matter what she did. They emotionally berated her constantly. Eventually she gave up trying to make them happy. She encapsulated herself in a world of self-hatred.
Billy had gone fishing. He was hoping to catch lots of fish. He waited all morning. He caught a big fish right around noon. Billy was happy to have caught something.
When I was 14, my favorite band came to town for a concert. My dad bought tickets under the condition that he could chaperone. At the concert, he stayed in the balcony while I was in the mosh pit. Afterwards, he said he hated the music. A week later, I found him listening to the band's music.
Steve and Ron were both telephone fundraisers. Steve often came to work clearly intoxicated. One day, he was so drunk he was slurring his words. The next day, Steve was simply gone. The boss asked Ron to train the new employee.
Connie was in the mall. She was shopping for a pair of new shoes. Connie walked to the shoe store. She tried on several pairs of shoes. Connie decided on a pair of heels.
1 1/2 year old Johnny loved to wear his jacket. He would try to put it on himself but usually needed a little help. He got one sleeve on easily. He spun around and around as he tried to grab the other sleeve. His mom helped him grab the jacket and he finally got his jacket on.
A modeling agency was setting up at Maria's local mall. She wanted to be a star. Maria made her mother bring her to the agency's booth. There was a fifty dollar registration fee Maria was aware of. Maria left unhappy without signing up.
Tim wanted to graduate early. He took classes during summer. He took extra credit courses. Tim eventually got enough credits. He graduated a year early.
It was cold when we got up. We put on long sleeves and jackets. We went to the park. The temperature went up fast. We should have worn short sleeves.
Marcus tapped his fingers on his lemonade stand. Business was slow. Every car seemed to be passing by. Finally, a bicyclist pulled up. She bought a cup and left a one dollar tip.
Tom found an old clock at a garage sale. He bought it for pretty cheap. He went to have it appraised. It was worth thousands of dollars. Tom kept it as a new family heirloom.
Ted was working as a fry cook in a kitchen. He received an order from a woman for a cheeseburger. After he cooked the burger, he gave it to the woman. Minutes later, she came back saying the food was undercooked. Ted replaced her food free of charge and she was happy.
Sarah had a pain in her shoulder. She asked her friends what to do. They told her to visit a massage therapist. She looked on the Internet and found one that was highly rated. The therapist massaged her pain away and Sarah was happy.
The rainy started to fall briskly. Mike hurried and ducked under a canopy. Juliet joined him a moment later. He looked at her and smiled. She extended her hand to him and introduced herself.
It was Bob's birthday. He was opening presents from friends. He opened a present from his friend Cassidy. It was a set of towels and a pair of pajamas. Bob doesn't talk to Cassidy anymore these days.
Charlie always wanted to learn karate. He decided to enroll in his local dojo for some lessons. His first lessons were slow-paced. But he enjoyed every moment of it. After a few years, he managed to acquire a black belt!
John had never had a real kiss. He was about to graduate high-school. He asked a friend if he could kiss her. She politely declined his request. John felt embarrassed and sad.
Tina really wanted to lose some weight. She decided to go on a diet. Before starting her diet she got rid of her junk-food stash. Now she only buys healthy foods and doesn't cheat on her diet. Tina is losing weight and feeling better than ever!
Timmy wanted to buy some beer. He gathered enough money and went to the store. He picked out his favorite kind. When he went to pay they asked for ID. He wasn't old enough so he wasn't able to buy any.
One day Missy decided to cook some white rice. She brought 3 cups to a boil with some salt. She stirred in 2 cups and covered with a lid. She turned the burner down to the lowest setting. She set the timer for 20 minutes and took off heat.
My teacher assigned our class a community service project. I wasn't sure how to approach the task. My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers. I called the food bank and made an appointment for orientation. I went to help sort donations and got an A on the project.
Garrett wanted to be the president one day. He studied politics and law at college. He was at the top of his class. Despite this, Garett could not manage to find work in politics. He learned that it wasn't what you know, but who you know.
Jill came to the doctor's office for a check-up. Her vitals were taken and she was sent to a small room. The doctor came several minutes later. She yelled at Jill since she lost a few pounds. She warned her of the dangers of losing more weight.
My family has had many dogs. For some reason, they seem to always be friendly. One time, one of the dogs ate the other dog's puppies. This made the mother dog mad. From then on, we had to keep those two dogs separated.
A woman thought she'd take up painting. She bought paints, brushes, and canvas. She also bought some books on painting technique. Her first attempt was a miserable failure, by her own standards. Concluding that painting was harder than it looked, she gave up.
Kali went to do her first video music video. She was very excited and ready to dance. When she got there, the scene was very ghetto. The producer said to just ignore it and dance. She was so turned off, she turned around and left.
The family carefully budgeted their money. They wanted to save as much as possible. When they followed their budget for many months, they had saved a lot. They used that money to go on vacation. They were proud of their frugality.
I met my wife in high-school. We had three classes together but never really talked. It wasn't until we were seniors that we spoke to each other. We decided to go on a date before graduation. We fell in love that night.
Gina backed her car down the icy hill. She went back till the hill leveled out then sped up. She wasn't sure if she should stop at the top of the hill. But a car was approaching so she stopped. And was stuck once again.
Lenny found a stray dog on the side of the road. Since the dog had no tags, he decided to keep her. A few days later, he heard whimpering in the middle of the night. Lenny went down stairs and was surprised at what he saw. It turned out that the dog was pregnant and had just given birth.
Floyd was enjoying a summer day of inspecting cicada shells. He found many of them and hung them on his shirt like decorations. He squatted at a large tree's roots when he spotted a really nice one. When he picked it up, the cicada who hadn't shed yet buzzed angrily. He dropped it with a yelp, surprised as the insect was itself.
We have been trying to get my daughter to sleep in her own bed. The past year I have always slept with her. She is starting to get too big to sleep with it. We started training her in her own bed. It has been very difficult.
Dillon was about to have a baby. He was running out of money for the baby. Dillon had a nice phone. Dillon decided he needed to sell the phone. Dillon sold the phone and bought more baby stuff.
Tony and Marie have been dating for 5 years. So, he decided to take their relationship a step further. He took Mary out for a romantic dinner. Tony pulled out a little blue box. He proposed to his love on Valentine's Day.
We went on a trip to a nice restaurant. We sat down and balked at the prices. We decided to order and share for the group. We got chicken, appetizers, and dessert. We enjoyed the meal, but it was still very expensive.
Tina went swimming in her backyard pool only to find something out. She lost her favorite necklace. Tina looked all around the pool and couldn't find it. She searched her deck but it wasn't there either. Finally she found it in the grass.
Thor liked to wake his owner by barking very early in the morning. His owner wanted to sleep later. The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog. One day he took Thor for a ten mile hike. Thor did not wake his owner the next morning.
Jack watched a lot of TV. Almost sixteen hours everyday. Eventually he had seen almost all the reruns. He got tired of the same thing. Now he believes everything that comes on is a bad rerun.
Neil was visiting a museum in Sicily. He learned all about Sicily's Mob history. He found out a lot of facts about the mafia. There was so much information to learn! Neil found Sicily very educational.
Gino was a famous pizza maker. He could throw the dough high into the air. He would throw toppings on with the flick of a wrist. He was invited to make pizzas for the President. He was so proud of his accomplishment!
Gabby never was lucky. So when she found a lottery ticket, untouched, she was surprised. She scratched it. And with amazement she saw that she had won a thousand dollars. She claimed her prize convinced that now she was a lucky girl.
Morgan was a candlemaker by trade. She was commissioned to make a beautiful candle for a wedding. She worked very hard on designing it. When the candle was finished, it was a beautiful work of art. The bride and groom were beside themselves with happiness about it.
Khalid was going to the beach on a sunny day. He got to the beach and the waves were very large. After going in the water for a bit, he decided it was too dangerous. Packing up all of his towels, he headed back to the car. When he got in the car, he saw storm clouds roll in.
The couple went to the park. They walked around the park. There were a lot of trails in the park. They walked all of the trails. They left the park all sweaty.
Brian had a problem with alcohol. He kept trying to quit on his own. But his cravings were just too strong! Finally he started attending meetings for help. The people there helped him finally get clean for good!
I went to see my long-distance girlfriend in New York. The plane ride was agonizing but exciting! When we met in the airport, I was terrified. However, things turned out great, and we had an amazing time. I flew back home with a renewed hope for our relationship.
Gary liked to climb tall buildings. He would use suction cups to go up the sides of skyscrapers. One day he started climbing a very tall building in New York. The police asked him to stop. The police then pulled him inside through an open window.
Jan's boss won't stop hitting on her. So she tells him that she's married. It works until he invites himself to dinner at her house. So she gets her friend to pretend to be her husband. They fool her boss and he never bothers her again.
Todd and Kylie went on a date to the museum. They took their time seeing all the exhibits. They learned about all kinds of animals. When they were done, they bought souvenirs to remember it. It was a great date.
Betty looked down and saw that her wedding rings were missing. She looked all over the house in hopes of finding them. Three weeks passed by and she had all but given up. As she was washing dishes she saw a glimmer behind the soap dish. She found her rings and cried tears of joy.
Tim needed to wake up early the next day. Tim set the alarm on his smart phone. Tim set the tone volume too loud. Tim slept through the alarm. Tim was upset the alarm did not wake him up.
Red went to the bathroom to shave. The mirror was too dirty to see too well. Red wiped down the mirror to see better. Once the mirror was clean he shaved his face. Red cleaned the mirror again before he left the bathroom.
There once was a girl named Allison. She loved dogs and moves. She often watched TV with her dogs. She lived a long and happy life. She died at the age of 98.
Gina expected her grandma to come in the house after feeding the dogs. But her grandma went out into the garden and began weeding. There was no one else at the house. And Gina had nothing else to do. She decided to sit on the porch and wait for her grandma to finish.
A couple went to a jewelry. He asked them what they wanted. The woman said she wanted lots of diamonds. The boyfriend passed out. The ambulance picked him up.
A little baby went to the doctor. They performed a test. The test didn't work. They asked for more blood. The parents said they didn't want that.
Jeffy lived in a house where he was the only cat. One day Zaddyfrack's owner brought him over. The two cats played all day. They ran up and down the hallway together. Now Zaddyfracks lives with Jeffy.
Brendan bobbed his head to the beat. He looked across the dance floor at a cute girl. She smiled at him and he smiled back. He raised his hand to wave but she ran past him. She hugged another guy and he realized she wasn't looking at him.
Alex did not stop at a stop sign. He was given a traffic ticket. At court he was given a fine and sentenced to driving school. Alex was bored when he sat through driving school. Alex paid his fine.
Last week, we took our son out to breakfast. We went to the Allston Diner. We bumped into a friend and had her over. We ate large, hearty breakfast meals. We were so stuffed we did not have dinner.
Joe enjoyed making rocking chairs. He used hand tools to make the rockers. It took Joe a long time to make a rocker. Joe decided to switch to electric power tools. Joe can now make a rocking chair in half the time.
Tom was thirsty. He went to the store to get water. They had no water for some reason. The owner gave him a cup of sink water. He had to take all he could.
Logan needs luck. He has a special toy. It is his lucky stuffed bear. He finds money when he has it. He uses it to help him pass tests.
Tom used to do gymnastics when younger. He was at a party drinking. A friend convinced him to do a backflip. Tom tried and failed. He wasn't seriously hurt, luckily.
Jerry's cat often had hairball issues. He would take the cat to the vet to get it checked out. The vet told Jerry that the food the cat was eating wasn't good. Therefore Jerry decided to switch to another food for his cat. From them on his cat never had issues with hairballs.
I quit my job today. Packed up all my stuff and walked out. My boss thought it was appropriate to be verbally abusive. You should've seen his face when I gave him a piece of my mind. He'll be meeting my lawyer soon.
Someone knocked on the door. I heard my aunt's voice. Therefore, I decided to jump in my bed. My mom wasn't aware that I pretended to go to sleep. She opened the door for my aunt to come in.
I was at work moving some really heavy boxes. My pride would not allow me to ask for help. A co Worker saw me struggling to move everything. They came over to help move the boxes. I ended up very happy that they assisted me.
We took the boat out on the lake. Joseph wanted to ski. He grabbed the rope from the back of the boat. He threw it into the water. Then he changed his mind about skiing.
Dan from the other team caught the ball with his chest. His teammate served it to him. When he tried to hit it, I lifted my arm and stuck my chest out. The ball landed on my arms and landed on the other side. No one was paying attention and our team scored a point.
Arturo was an artist who painted landscapes. He asked a restaurant owner if he would display Arturo's paintings. The owner agreed, if Arturo would pay a small fee. Several diners liked Arturo's landscape paintings. Arturo was pleased when the diners bought his paintings.
Ann had to sell candy bars for a school fundraiser. She had been too busy with school to get around to it. Then she realized she hadn't sold any the final week of the sale. Ann rushed to her neighbors' to sell. Luckily for Ann, she was able to sell her candy in time.
Noah was a high schooler who was searching for his first job. He submitted five different applications to businesses that were hiring. A local restaurant called Noah to schedule a job interview. Noah was nervous, but he performed well throughout the interview. The manager of the restaurant offered him a job the following day.
A short gentleman challenged a tall one to a duel. The tall gentleman gracefully accepted the challenge. After consideration, he specified axes in six feet of water. The short gentleman hemmed and hawed, but withdrew the challenge. The tall gentleman waved him goodbye, and went about his day.
There was a large hurricane. It attacked one of the manufacturing warehouses for Tom's business. The property, along with several supplies, were ruined. As a result, the company was in major debt. Tom had to close down the company in order to reevaluate it.
Bob is having a bbq party over the weekend. He has been working a lot lately and wants to unwind. He invited some neighbors and other friends. He also hired a dj to play all kinds of music. Once it got started the party was a big success!
Austin had a real big test in his Science class. Science was Austin's hardest class in high school. He studied real hard for about a week to prepare for this test. Austin was very nervous about how well he would do on the test. Austin ended up scoring the highest he has ever scored on a test.
A man was traveling in Nicaragua. He decided to go there for a vacation. He traveled to the hot water springs. There, his skin got much better. He came back a new man.
John came home to take his dog out. He rushed in and grabbed the leash. As soon as he put the leash on the dog, the bottom fell out. He still had to walk the dog. John was soaked from head to toe.
One day, I decided to add to my pet family and bring home a kitten. I have a dog, and I was concerned with how they would get along. I brought the kitten in and set her on the floor near the dog. The dog sniffed her and his tail starts wagging. They are now the best of friends and sleep together every night!
Amanda works at a local grocery store. An angry woman walked in the store and demanded a refund on her milk. The woman said she did not mean to buy any milk. However, the jug of milk was nearly empty. Amanda's manager scolded the woman and did not give her a refund.
Lisa really wanted to find a nice place to meet men. She settled for signing up on a dating website. She met a man she thought was attractive. They met at a restaurant. He didn't have any money because he just got out of prison.
Anita had five sisters. They were all very close and loved each other very much. When one of the sister died, Anita grieved deeply. With four sisters remaining it wasn't the same. And Anita has lost her joy for life.
Emily was looking for something in her brother's room. Then, she saw that his email was open on his computer. She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend. When her brother found out, he was very mad. Emily got in big trouble with her mom.
Jessica was concerned about her appearance. She did not like her brown eyes. She visited an eye doctor. She asked for colored contacts. She received the colored contacts and really enjoyed wearing them.
Rufus had always had trouble meeting new people. His sister recommended he take an archery class to meet people. At the archery class, Rufus met two new friends. They all went to get a beer after the class. From that day forward, Rufus never had trouble meeting new friends.
Lucy was working at the store today. Everything was going great. All of the sudden however, something was wrong. A man in black ran out the store with a bag. In the bag was a dozen fragrances.
Tim went trick or treating with friends. They all had bags full of candy. One friend wanted to race for all of it. Tim knew he wasn't that fast. He turned down the foot race and kept his candy.
Henry was eating lunch in the cafeteria. A random stranger asked for his chicken patty. When Henry refused to give it to him, the stranger became mad. He punched Henry in the face. However, a security guard saw what happened and suspended Henry.
Sally couldn't wait to go trick or treating. She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go. Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom. Mom finally gave the OK to go trick or treating. Sally spent the next 2 hours trick or treating.
My little dog, Pippin, wasn't afraid of anything in our neighborhood. He chased cars up the street on a regular basis. The neighbors big dogs couldn't come close to our yard at all. I took him to my Mom's house for a visit last Thanksgiving. That silly dog was afraid of the leaves that had fallen off the tree!
Andy wanted to get away for a little while. He packed his things into a suitcase. He then took a plane to Albany. There he went camping in the woods. It was an enjoyable experience for him.
The church held a potluck for the congregation. Sid brought his famous mashed potatoes. He thought everyone would rave over them. Unfortunately, no one even touched them! Sid was very embarrassed.
Cathy's parents were on their way to a cruise. Therefore, Cathy was asked to housesit for them. Cathy loved house sitting for her parents because they had a pool. In addition, Cathy's mother always left fresh baked muffins for her. Cathy was glad she would be house sitting for her parents.
As he walked by he noticed people saluting him. He felt very confused by it. He looked around and smiled nervously. Someone thanked him for his service. He realized he was still wearing his costume.
He was incredibly sleepy. It pulled at his eyes and tempted him to rest his head at his desk. He could feel its power getting stronger and stronger. Relenting, he rose from his desk and closed the door. When he returned and sat down he fell asleep almost instantly.
Pat was done with society and decided to go live in the woods. He bought some land and began to build his cabin. A bear came out of the woods and looked at him. Pat was afraid but suspected the bear was gentle. The bear just growled and wandered off.
I wanted to learn a new instrument, and decided to buy a trumpet. After doing research online, I found a brand I liked. I drove to the local music store and asked the clerk if they had any. He showed me a few of the trumpets they had. I bought one of them and took it home.
Kim was eager to go shopping. There were sales she wanted. She waited outside the door minutes before they opened. She bolted in as soon as the doors parted. Kim got everything she wanted for great deals.
My cat was scared when we moved. He was a mostly outside cat. We took him outside. But he crawled low to the ground. My mom thought he smelled the dogs.
John went to school for accounting to get a job easily. John graduated with an accounting degree. John found an accounting job. John would eventually realize he did not want to do this forever. John chose to pursue a new career in a different field.
Tim was really into cars. He decided to join a local box car race. He built everything with his dad's help. Tim wound up getting third place. He was encouraged to keep building and racing.
Allie got her list for school for textbooks. They were too expensive. So she went online to find cheap ones. She found a lot of books used for cheap. Allie ended up saving hundreds.
Helen was riding a roller coaster with some friends. They didn't know but she was terrified of the ride. The entire time, she cowered behind her hands. When everyone realized she was scared, they apologized. They promised not to go on rides like that anymore.
I was writing an essay for a natural language processor. I decided to spell everything incorrectly just for fun. As a result the processor failed. My boss found out what I did and scolded me. I realized that I should not play around at work.
Lori hated her name. She always wanted to be called Elizabeth. Finally her Mom got tired of hearing about it and changed her name. Once Lori was legally Elizabeth she decided that Beth suited her more. The name she liked was LoriBeth to be precise.
I had a favorite pair of shoes. I wore a hole through the bottom of them. I looked everywhere for another pair. I found them for twice what I originally paid. I bought them cause they are my favorite shoes ever.
Some of my friends visited my house. We got together and played several video games. Nothing was wrong until Jeff kicked a glass of orange juice. It landed on top of the gaming console. It sparkled and started to shut down.
Laura chatted with her friends online everyday. And eventually, she became really good at typing. She entered a typing contest. And everyone was amazed at how she could type 320 words per minute. She won 1st place and chatted online the rest of the day about it.
Kevin teaches undergraduate physics lab. His students are rather unruly. Last lab session, he had to yell at them to stop talking. They were surprised, and listened to him afterwards. He can't wait to be done with these students this semester.
Max bought an old sword at an auction for fifty bucks. Max later saw a painting of Stonewall Jackson with a sword. Max became convinced the sword he bought was the same in the painting. He took the sword to be assessed by an expert. Max turned out to be right!
There was a bad thunderstorm outside. It cause the lights and power to go out. The kids grabbed the flashlights. Mom and dad went and lit the candles. Then the power came back on.
Sam was at the skate park. He was practicing a new move all day. Sam was finally able to land it. By the end of the day he had it down. Sam kept wanting to go back to learn more.
George had been feeling down in the dumps since his wife left. His friend Jim had him go out with him to a bar one night. George got somewhat drunk and started dancing. He met a girl named Alice and they hit it off well. George started to feel like he could start living again.
Today was the day Hannah began her new job. She was very nervous. On her first day, everyone was friendly. She liked her new coworkers. Hannah decided she loved her new job.
Bill and Shirley observed a rat running across their kitchen floor. Bill wanted to kill the rat. Shirley wanted to save the rat's life. She borrowed a no kill trap from a neighbor. Shirley caught the rat and released it in a local meadow.
Noah had a diaper rash. His mom would try to change him but he would squirm and cry. His mom didn't know how to help him, though. She decided to just leave him out of his diaper for awhile. His rash healed up quickly with some clean air on it.
Nancy was scared and in distress. Her dream marriage had deteriorated into strife and hate. Through no fault of her own, she found herself in danger. A friend referred her to people with experience in such matters. She took the children and left, fearfully looking over her shoulder.
Betty purchased three loaves of bread. On her way home, she saw another mother struggling to feed her kids. She decided to give the bread to the woman. The pups looked so happy with contentment after having a good meal. The children say thank you to Betty.
The man washed his car. He took it out for a drive. He went through a mud puddle. His car got dirty again. The man decided that washing his car was a waste of time.
Sasha was at summer camp. She and her friends were going to perform a dance for a recital. They were on stage in the middle of dancing. Suddenly, Sasha fell during a move. Luckily, she got back up and they were able to finish the dance.
The man worked in the sun. He took off his shirt. His back had not been in the sun for a long time. The sun burnt his back. The sunburn caused the man misery.
I was in a rehab facility in 2011. I had suffered a stroke. I went to the bathroom in my wheelchair. I stood up, used the bathroom, and fell getting back into the chair. Luckily I was uninjured.
Sue and her roommates were on a budget. They went to a barber college to get cheap haircuts. Sue watched her pals getting stylish cuts. Then, Sue sat down nervously for her turn. The barber said she was his very first customer.
Hope was a good friend. We rode on the bus after school one day. She walked home with me. She told me she was very poor. She was uncomfortable in our home because of it.
Tim loved making art. It never made him any money. He kept doing it regardless. Eventually someone discovered him. Tim became famous because of it.
Sean and Shawn interview for a job. The company they interview for stressed about the decision. They make many jokes about their names. Sean and Shawn stress awaiting a phone call. The company ends up hiring both Sean and Shawn, but not Shaun.
Tina was babysitting some young children she didn't know very well. She wasn't sure how to keep them occupied. She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles. She had bought some with her just in case. They had a blast chasing the bubbles around, trying to pop them.
Jane went to her high school reunion. She met up with many of her old friends. The began the night drinking at the bar. Afterwards they ate a delicious dinner and had dessert. The night ended with tons of dancing.
Kim and Beth were in New York City and wanted to see the Cosby house. They knew the address was 10 Leroy, so they googled to see directions. To the girl's dismay the found the address is not in Brooklyn. The next day they made their way to Greenwich Village. There they found and photographed the exterior of the Cosby house.
I had been dating a beautiful lady for six years. I wanted to marry her. I bought a ring. I got down on one knee and asked her to be my wife. She agreed to get married.
My favorite parts of chemistry class are the laboratory sessions. We do a lot of titration in my analytical chemistry lab. My favorite titration was using EDTA to chelate magnesium. When the titration was complete the solution turned from pink to blue. I thought the colors were beautiful that day in lab.
Sarah had a habit of pulling her eyebrows out. One day she caught herself doing it a ton. When she saw herself in the mirror she realized all brows were gone. She was horrified and tried to fix the issue. All she could do was paint fake brows for the next while.
I was in my apartment watching a movie. There were loud people outside. They were so loud that I could barely hear the movie. I stepped outside and invited them in to watch. Now I could watch the movie without so much noise.
Julia was on a trip to the Epcot park. She wanted to ride two rides but the park was closing soon. As she debated, the clock ticked even further. Finally, she decided on one and rushed to catch the line. Unfortunately it was too late and she missed both rides.
Larry and Bud went for a walk. They found a bank envelope with 500 dollars in cash inside. They were honest, and they took the money to the bank. The manager said that they could have it if no one claimed it. They waited six weeks, and when no one claimed it they got the money.
Tom moved into a new neighborhood. He was watering his lawn. The mailman came up out of nowhere. Tom accidentally sprayed him with the hose. The mailman became Tom's enemy that day.
I used to be my teacher's pet in the third grade. I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance. I had to always mark my classmates and friends late . I just wanted to fit in and be with the rest of my class. My teacher soon labelled me retarded because of my new bad behavior.
Kendrick uses his fireplace often. He decided to cut his own wood one day He saved a lot of  money by cutting his own wood. He built a new mantle with his extra money. Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace.
Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow. She put on her boots and went outside. She played in the snow and built a snowman. She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck. Leslie had a great time building her snowman.
I wanted to try the guitar. I played a Beetle's song for my recital. I played the easy melody. My teacher made it sound good with background. She taught me how to pick with my fingers.
Calvin had worked at his job for thirty years. He decided to retire from his job. It was the last day of Calvin's job. His co-workers threw him a farewell party. Calvin left work and went home happy.
Kat graduated college and moved to a small beach town for a new start. She was excited about what her future held. She got an apartment and a new job right away. Her parents were scared that Kat would be lonely. Kat quickly made new friends and was so happy she made the move.
Last night there were three homicides in the city of Dallas, Texas. Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law. Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home. Two blocks away, a teenager was shot and killed outside of a store. Police think that all three murders were committed by the same person.
Theresa went to the zoo for the first time. She visit the zoo with her younger sister and friends. Suddenly theresa noticed that her younger sister was out of her sight. They tried to find her sister each place as possible. Luckily,they found her at the corner watching the fishes.
Hunter just turned thirty and his body started to hurt. He went to the doctor and said he wasn't flexible anymore. The doctor recommended Hunter try yoga. Hunter signed up for yoga classes at his gym. A week after doing yoga every day and Hunter felt five years younger.
Every year Crystal's company gave out an Employee of the Year award. Crystal wanted that award. She worked hard all year to get nominated. At the ceremony, she nervously waited for them to announce the winner. Crystal thanked her whole department when she got the award.
Shelly's room was very messy. Shelly's mom wanted to figure out what to do. There were cd's everywhere in Shelly's room. Shelly's mom got her a cd case. Shelly's room was never messy again.
I made some lemonade for friends. They all spit it out when they drank it. I wondered what was wrong. I sipped it. I then realized that next time I should add sugar.
When I was a kid, I had a dog named Blue. We would run up and down my street all the time. One day I ran too far, and he ran ahead. He ran into the street and was hit by a car. He didn't last long and died, leaving me very sad.
Stan always wanted to play in the olympics. He played basketball his whole life. He trained hard and traveled to other states for tryouts. Stan heard of tryouts for the olympics and wanted to try. He didn't make it and promised to continue training.
I left Eric after living with him for 11 years. I couldn't find happiness with him. I tried to be ok with being lonely. It just wasn't going to work. I gave up and told him to move out.
Ken was at the bar. He was waiting to meet his friends. They called to cancel. Ken felt weird being there alone. He left and went home.
Allison goes to camp every summer. She had fun and made lots of friends there. There was a bad storm at the camp this week. A tornado ripped the place apart. Allison has to go to a different camp this year.
Amanda's van was dirty. She asked the kids to help her clean it. They were not happy to do it. She made them. She was happy to have a clean van.
Greg was answering questions. He had been asked to take a survey about his living arrangements. He gave all the information he felt comfortable sharing. Greg hoped the survey would improve things around his apartment. THe complex had really gone downhill lately.
Joey's mother took him to the zoo. Joey loved snakes, and he wanted to visit the reptile house. As Joey walked into the exhibit, his mother waited outside. Joey's mother had an intense fear of snakes. Joey was glad that she let him see the snakes.
Today while I was driving, I received a text. Not wanting to text and drive, I pulled into a parking lot to answer. While I was typing, a car sped into the lot and rear-ended me. The person got out of her car and started apologizing profusely. She was texting and not paying attention so she hit me.
Billy lost his job. He decided to start a business. He made signs. His first sign was for an elementary school. He found another job a few months later.
Bridget as always sleepy. Bridget tried going to bed early. No matter how early she went to bed, Bridget was still sleepy. Bridget started taking melatonin at bedtime. Bridget started sleeping better so she wasn't tired.
Gabby decided that she needed a new laptop. After some shopping around, she found a good one. She started saving money for it whenever she could. Soon, she had enough to buy it! Now, Gabby has a nice new laptop to use.
One of Pierre's favorite places to go was the art museum. He heard they were going to have a special exhibit this fall. He had bought tickets in advance to see the paintings. The exhibit is set to open next week. However Pierre got a sneak peek at the exhibit before it opened.
Wanda had a job working at a movie studio. She liked working on post apocalyptic fantasy movies. She was excited to help out on Kevin Costner movie. He had a lot of things that seemed compelling, but didn't do well. Wanda failed to get how it did so poorly with so much going for it.
The tennis match was down to it's last serve. Gina made the first hit to Tina. The round took several minutes. Gina served the ball at a long angle but Tina got the rebound. Although she won, she ended up making a split and injuring her legs.
The couple was headed on a road trip. They were going to go to Colorado and Utah. They couldn't wait to climb mountains and camp out. On the first day, they got a flat tire. They decided the road trip would have to wait.
My friend Bob is 99 years old. Recently he fell twice. Although he was unhurt, his daughter was concerned. She asked about assisted living, but he did not want to go. She is trying to talk him into going.
Dan spent his lunch money on gas to get to school. As lunch period approached, he felt hungry and glum. Then Dan smelled something delicious coming from a classroom. He looked inside and saw the Home Ec class had baked pies. Dan filled up by charming one of the students into sharing her pie.
Jace was a local DJ. He offered to DJ a benefit concert. Jace DJ'd to open for a few musicians. Jace got to meet some of his favorite musicians. He was excited to have done the benefit.
Anna's roots were growing out. She went to the store for hair dye. Then she came home and applied it. After an hour, she rinsed it out. Now her dark roots were gone!
Taylor had recently moved into a new home. Everything was perfect except for the laundry room. Both machines were broken and she couldn't afford repairs. Luckily, her next door neighbor offered to help. He was a professional so he was able to fix it right up.
After lunch we have recess. We usually go outside to the playground. Today it was raining outside. We weren't allowed to go out to the playground. Instead we had to play in the gym during recess.
Karen never liked to go shopping alone. She wanted her boyfriend to go with her but he wouldn't go. He was mean about it and Karen would end up going alone. Karen would put the shopping off as long as possible. Her boyfriend would make her go and she wasn't happy about it.
Spooky the cat loves to eat He woke up one morning, and the bowls were empty. He jumped up on his owners' bed. The he meowed until they woke up. Once they filled his bowls, he went back to sleep.
Will like to sag his pants. He would always get into trouble at work. He was on the verge of getting fired. He bought himself a belt from the store. He didn't get into any trouble, anymore.
Tony snuck out of his house. He went down the street to meet up with his friends. Tony and his friends broke into a store. The cops showed up when the alarm sounded. Tony and his friends were arrested.
In the morning, my alarm goes off twice before I get up. Then I jump into the shower, where I wash and brush my teeth. When I get out, I towel off and get dressed. I eat breakfast and read the paper. Finally, I get in the car and drive to work.
Jimmy was walking home from school. A scruffy brown dog timidly approached him. He knelt down to pet the dog and the dog licked his face. The dog wound up following him all the way home. When Jimmy got home, his mother let him keep the dog!
Hugo wanted to buy some drinks. It was misty out however. So his mom told him not to go. Hugo went in anyway. It was so misty that Hugo hit another car.
Viola had always been interested in learning how to juggle. She decides to buy three juggling balls and practice at home. After months of hard work, she is finally a good juggler. Now on weekends she juggles in the park. Viola is so happy that she finally learned to juggle.
Jane really wanted a new jacket. But she didn't have enough money to buy one. So she went into the store and stole the jacket she wanted. She couldn't believe that she got away with it. But she threw the jacket away because she felt too guilty to wear it.
Our old cat became very ill. My family knew that we would have to put her to sleep. The job fell to me, as I was the Dad. My family was crying as I drove away with our sick cat. On the way home from the vet I also cried.
I was taking a shower when I heard my wife shout my name. I grabbed a towel and ran to see what she needed. She was eating breakfast at the table when three spiders showed up. I grabbed a paper towel and killed all three. She finished her breakfast as I returned to my shower.
Rhuigi was in love with Sasha. They were just friend but Rhuigi wanted more. He finally worked up the courage to let her know how he felt. She told him she didn't feel the same way. Rhuigi tried to go back to being friends but could handle it.
Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom. Suddenly, a bunch of ash fell onto the floor. Her carpets were white and she was worried there'd be a stain. She quickly grabbed some carpet cleaner. Luckily, she was able to get the ash away with a spray.
Gary loved to ride bikes. He met a girl who did, too. He asked her on a date. They got their bikes together. They rode around the town.
Zack decided to have milk for breakfast. He poured a tall glass of milk. He drank it so fast that he barely tasted it. Unfortunately, the milk was expired. Zack developed an upset stomach from the milk.
Nicole met her boyfriend while they were in high school. After a few months of dating, Nicole became pregnant. Nicole and her boyfriend did not know what to do about the baby. Nicole decided to keep the baby. Nicole became a teen mom.
Two friends headed to the local beach for the day. They found a nice empty spot to watch the surf. A couple of other friends joined them later. They noticed there was a volleyball court nearby. The friends played volleyball with each other.
Gerald didn't like the sight of blood. When he cut himself on Christmas day, he almost fainted. The cut on his finger was deep and he needed stitches. His mom took him to the hospital. And when the doctor was finished, he got a lollipop for his trouble.
Lisa went to the bookstore. She tried finding the book she wanted. Unfortunately she couldn't find it. Lisa was mad. She really wanted to find it.
The friends were meeting at their favorite restaurant. They were having dinner to celebrate their promotions at work. The friends all dined and drank wine. They talked about the exciting things going on in their lives. When the dinner was over, they all went home.
Tom was in the market for a new backpack. He researched many different bag styles online. He found a backpack he really liked. It was very expensive so he was hesitant. He decided to purchase it.
The candidates were running a tight campaign. The latest poll said they were tied. The Republican candidate focused on radio ads. The Democrat focused on TV. They fought for every vote they could grab.
Kim's mother put braids in her hair. Kim wanted to wear her hair loose. She took one of the braids down. She wore the down braid as a bangs in the front. Kim decided it looked much better.
John was terrible with figuring out how to use technology. He bought a new printer without asking his son for advice. He tried everything to get the printer to work to no avail. Finally, he gave up and called his son for help. It turns out that he hadn't turned the printer on.
Policeman Rodney crashed through the brush, following his dog. A dwarf had stolen a lady's pie and run into the woods. They reached a house only to find a screaming monkey in a red shirt. The owner apologized for his pet and promised to replace the pie. Chuckling, Rodney wondered what his chief would think of this one.
June was happy to finally be a mother. Her friends showered her with cute clothes for the baby. Her parents visited with piles of baby clothes from other grandkids. Her mother-in-law brought sacks of baby clothes she'd been saving. June donated a big box of baby clothes to the Salvation Army.
Jake was always asked to join a local gang. He finally agreed. They said he would be initiated by being beat up. He chickened out and said he wouldn't join anymore. They beat him up for pulling out.
I wanted more than anything to get a degree. I dropped out of college after 3 years. I finally went back and tried to complete it. I ended up earning an associate's degree. Unfortunately, I never returned for my final two years.
Tim needed some BBQ meat. He went to the butcher. He saw some strange meats. He bought the duck meat. It was a big hit!
I played internet chess with my friend last week. We used to play constantly when we were neighbors. My friend got a job and moved away. We played only once a year in person. We tried internet chess for convenience, and liked it.
My  father was coming to visit. I wanted the stay to be pleasant for him. I went to the store looking for his favorite drink. I found it at a gas station. I went home feeling proud of the peach soda I had found.
My city has a robust art scene. Last month I went to an exhibit at the city's museum. It had modern art from throughout the twentieth century. The best thing I saw was a wall-sized Jackson Pollack painting. I had never understood Pollack's appeal until seeing that in person.
The scientist looked at his data and sighed. The results did not prove what he wanted. He decided to fake some of the numbers to make it work. The scientist published his findings with the faked data. He was given an award for his contributions to science.
Buddy planned a trip to the lake. He invited his friend Joe. Buddy and Joe rented a small boat. The two men spent the day fishing. They caught no fish, but had fun.
Tammy wanted to write an article for a magazine. She thought long and hard about what to write. She wrote an article about wage discrepancies among different groups. She submitted her article for publication. After many rejections, a magazine ran Tammy's article.
Randall loves the view of the city from his big apartment windows. However, he notices that his neighbors are looking into his windows. All of a sudden Randall wants more privacy. He buys heavy curtains so his neighbors can't see him at home. Randall feels sorry the curtains block his city view.
Kay went fishing at the lake with her dad. He loved to fish and invited her all the time, but she always said no. She bran to nod and fall asleep. When she awoke she apologized to her dad. He laughed and told her it was fine since he enjoyed her company.
Carol loved to drill things. She liked it so much that she bought her own drill. One day, her drill stopped working. Carol even tried another battery. After many hours, Carol was forced to go to the store and buy another.
Mike thought he was stronger than all of his friends. Stan challenged him to a weightlifting contest. Mike was confident he would win. They slowly increased the weight, up to 250 pounds. Once it was that weight, Mike couldn't lift it but Stan could.
Dubby's car broke down after school one day. It was called the banana boat, because it was long and yellow. We couldn't get it to start because it was so old and worn out. I ended up driving him home that day. We hung out at his house where we had our first kiss.
A team competed in an NBA 2K tournament. They did really good in the rounds. They went to Los Angeles to compete. They performed really well! They won the competition.
Kelly was very excited to get a new pair of shoes yesterday. She wanted to stand out and look different. She decided to wear them to school. Yet to her surprise her friend was wearing the same pair. Kelly was rather disappointed.
Harold went off to college. On his first day he checked into his dorm room. There were a lot of people at the dorm. He made friends very fast. At the end of the day he went to bed excited about college.
Randy was a guard in a prison. One day, he became distracted watching The Simpsons. A prisoner got out of his cell and escaped. Randy was punished because he was on duty that day. Randy shot himself because of the disgrace.
Tim was partying with friends. They all started taking shots. Tim only drank beer. They convinced him to do shots. Tim liked it and got a flavor for liquor.
Tina was out of the shower. She tried to put some eye cream on. It started to burn. Tina realized she got the wrong cream by mistake. She had to rinse out her face for a few minutes.
After dinner Gina was stuffed. She had eaten way too much food. Now she was very uncomfortable. Feeling full was starting to make her feel ill. She left the living room and went to lie down on her bed.
Laura got a new haircut the other day. She decided to cut her hair very short. She was very skeptical of it at first but it turned out well. All of her friends admired her new haircut a lot. When she showed her mom she said her new haircut was amazing!
The College junior was coming home for the summer. She had not looked for an internship or job during the semester. She looked forward to spending the summer playing at water sports. Her parents unhappily discussed the situation with a neighbor. The neighbor forced her husband to employ the student for the summer.
Ian ate some tacos before going back to work. He noticed a rumbling in his stomach. Ian ran to the bathroom. He was in the bathroom for almost an hour. Ian vowed not to eat from that taco truck again.
Tim was a conductor for the local orchestra. One day, he came to work and everyone was laughing at him. They laughed, and laughed, and Tim could never figure out why. Thankfully, Tim looked down at some point before he went out on stage. He had forgotten to put on pants!
Cara's life had been filled with very mean men. She despised that she'd ever meet a good one. Then she discovered Craig's list. Cara found a wonderful man on the forum. She married him, and he's a model husband and father.
I had this dream when i was a kid and it was to own a pink room. I always ask my mom to paint my room with pink but she never listen. Until i grew up and have my own money. But then i realized i don't want pink room anymore. So i decided to paint my room with yellow instead.
He looked at her contemplatively. He asked her what the meaning of life was. She shrugged, not knowing how to answer. She told him that she hadn't figured it out yet either. She said she may never know.
Katy's parents were very abusive. Social services removed her from their home. Even years later Katy would pee her pants when someone yelled. She put herself through years of therapy to address her issues. Katy didn't dwell on the fact her parents never faced consequences.
I went out to my car to drive to town. I noticed one of the tires was very low on air. I drove the car anyway. I put air in the tire at a nearby gas station. I got the tire fixed at a shop when I made it to town.
Charlie had made dinner last week and frozen it. It was lasagna. He took it out of the freezer and put it in the oven. It took two hours to bake! The lasagna dried out too much and was no good.
Peter had to go change a lightbulb. But he wasn't tall enough to reach it. Peter had to go downstairs to get a chair to stand on. When he got back upstairs he realized he didn't have any spare bulbs. Peter was really upset about that and he had to go the store.
Tom was hungry late at night. He decided to get some chips. Tom enjoyed his snack but it was loud. Tom didn't want to wake anybody up. He decided to eat something else instead.
Shannon thought her hair was too long. She went to the hairdresser. She decided to get a pixie cut. She was nervous that the pixie cut would not look good on her. Shannon got lots of compliments on her haircut the next day.
My friend has a pair of glasses. He was running in the parking lot. He tripped over his untied shoe. His glasses fell off his head. His glasses did not break on the pavement.
Jeremy had not seen a friend from Elementary school in years. He wanted to see if he could find him by using social media. He searched on a few different websites but could not find him. Finally giving up he decided to order a pizza. Upon it's arrival, to his surprise, his friend was the delivery man.
Hannah was with me on the canoe. We were paddling north to get to the other side. When we reached the half-point, several alligators came after us. I decided to take my paddle and help Hannah move the canoe. We ended up separating from the alligator.
Bill came home and his smoke detector was going off. Bill looked all around the house but found no fire or smoke. Bill looked on the internet for what could be causing the alarm. Bill realized it was the failing batteries. Bill replaced the batteries and the alarm shut off again.
Don was having an affair on his wife with Laura. Little did he know, his wife had contacted Laura. They hitched a plan to get back at Don. Laura hid in a closet, and Don was on his way home from work. They confronted him as soon as he opened his closet door!
Jerry was on a long road trip. He had been driving for hours. Jerry was starting to get tired. He decided to stop at a hotel. Jerry got a good night's sleep before heading out again.
I decided to go on a diet to become healthier and lose weight. My goal was to lose 15 pounds. I replaced the junk food in my diet with fruits and vegetables. I reached my goal weight in only two months. It was hard to diet but I am proud that I reached my goal.
We took a two week vacation to England last year. We spent 3 days on the coast and the rest of the time in London. We had a hard time choosing a souvenir reminder of the trip. Eventually we found a porcelain figurine of Big Ben. It sits on the mantle at home as a reminder of our wonderful vacation.
Katia went to see the mayor of her small town. She wanted to improve the quality of their recycling facilities. She laid out a detail plan. The mayor was extremely favorable to her ideas. He accepted to implement the changes over a period of five years.
Darius went to the beach with his friends. There was a shark warning. Darius decided to ignore the warning. Sure enough, a shark attacked Darius. Darius lived but had to have his leg amputated.
Last week I made Gnocchi for my girlfriend. She had a tough week at work, and Gnocchi is her favorite meal. I am not a good cook, so I spent a few hours learning how to make it. It was difficult, but my girlfriend was so appreciative. The look on her face made all of the stress work it.
Tom went out on a date with a girl. He thought everything went great. He tried to call her the next day but she didn't answer. Tom messaged a few times but also no answer. Eventually Tom stopped trying to contact her.
Joe and Beth were very ashamed about having to file bankruptcy. They decided not to tell any friends or family what they were doing. One morning at work, Beth found a coworker sitting in her car crying. Beth rushed to hug her, and the woman confided fears about bankruptcy. Beth decided to share, and both women took comfort in not being alone.
Mary woke late one night. Something didn't seem right. She could smell a horrible, acrid smell. Mary ran to the dog's room to find he had accidentally pooped! She spent the next several minutes pinching her nose and scrubbing.
Julia was walking through the hallway. She saw a piece of paper on the floor. She realized that it was a pass to get out of class. It was completely blank so Julia kept it. She filled it out later and used it to skip school.
Kevin always drove his grandmother to her weekly Bingo game. One night, she invited him to come into play. Kevin reluctantly accepted her invitation. Kevin started to enjoy himself once the game started. Now Kevin goes to play Bingo with his grandmother every week.
Dan overslept this morning. When he finally logged in all the work was gone. Dan decided today would be a day of playing video games. He set up his console and got to work playing. He played late into the night and overslept again the next day.
My internet went out at the house. I could not watch my movie. I called the company to fix it. They came out the next day. They fixed my internet.
Dan liked to study science. He learned everything he could about the planets. He put the information on a poster. He took the poster to school to show his teacher. She was proud of the work Daniel had done.
Sally and Doug played a game in their living room. It was checkers, and they both were good. Doug lost the last 5 games however. He recommended they play tic tac toe. Sally got mad, hit the board, made the checker pieces fly.
Chris loved the movie franchise Star Wars. He wanted to see The Force Awakens on opening night but had no ticket. He entered a contest to win tickets by answering star wars trivia. He was a finalist but ended up getting 2nd place. Luckily he still won a pair of tickets for the next night!
A lighthouse was scanning the ocean. The watchman saw a damaged boat in the distance. He signaled the boat crew below, and they set off. They reached the damaged boat, and rescued the crew. The crew was thankful they had been rescued.
Lori had just done the laundry. When she went to work she put socks on. They were still wet. She figured she would wear them anyway. Lori wound up getting blisters on her feet.
Lola worked at a bar every night. She did the same routine all the time and was very bored. One night, she decided to skip work. She went on an adventure exploring her city. When she went home, she called work and quit.
Andrew needed money for a new video game. So he gathered his least favorite video games. He told all his friends he wanted to sale some of his video games. One his friends wanted them and bought them. Andrew made enough to get the video game.
I hate police because they kill young people. I checked the newspapers and another young person was killed. I watched the news and they said another police killed someone else. Yesterday my IPhone was stolen and the police caught the robbers. Now I don't hate police as much as I used to.
Tim was flying his kite at the park. He was looking and his dad instead of watching the kite. His dad pointed at the kite with a concerned look. Tim looked up to see his kite get stuck in a tree. His father consoled him as Tim cried over his lost kite.
Stephen was learning multiplication in school. His teacher showed them a special trick to solving problems. Stephan did not understand what his teacher was saying. He had to ask his mom to explain multiplication to him. After talking to his mom Stephan still had no idea what to do.
Tom was on vacation. He decided to go to a nearby beach. Once there he was disappointed it. It was really dirty and full of people. Tom cut his vacation there short.
Tyrod is serving in the army. Tyrod is battling in war. Tyrod gets shot in the leg. The doctors have to amputate his leg. Tyrod loses his leg in war.
Margaret was a rocket scientist with an aerospace company. They were doing a test launch one day. Margaret had always wanted to do the countdown. She asked her supervisor if she could do it. Her supervisor denied the request and did the countdown herself.
Donna bought a hardy hibiscus bush for the backyard. The area that she wanted to plant it needed to be weeded. Donna spent the day weeding the area. The next day, Donna dug the hole and put in the hibiscus plant. After planting it, she put more soil down and watered it to finish.
Sam was too shy to ask a girl to prom. His friend Bill said he would help out. Bill approached the girl to ask if she was going to prom. The girl blushed and said she'd love to go with Bill. Sam's hopes for a date fell as he watched them.
It was a cold winter night. John was sound asleep in his bed. When he woke up he realized it had snowed overnight. The snow buried him inside his own home! He grabbed a shovel and dug himself out.
We invited all of our friends over. I had just finished setting the table when they started to arrive. We ate dinner and then began playing cards and telling stories. We laughed so hard my stomach hurt. Everyone left before it was too late in the evening.
The sign said Birmingham was only 30 miles away. The family had been struggling to hold their bladders for miles. They made it into town and found a gas station. They relieved themselves and filled up their tank. The family enjoyed seeing the local attractions in Birmingham.
Eddie and his wife June are shopping in their local supermarket. They see a lost child wandering the aisle. When they ask him where his mother is he says he doesn't know. So they bring him to the service desk and have his mother paged. A distraught, relieved woman collects him a minute later.
Kelsey was swimming at the pool. She was enjoying jumping on the small diving boards. Her friends dared her to try the bigger one. She was afraid but she tried it, not expecting such deep water. She almost panicked as she swam, but luckily she made it out okay.
Amy wanted to sew a new dress, but had no experience. She went to the fabric store and purchased fabric and patterns. Amy cut the fabric per her pattern to sew her dress. Amy worked on her dress for 2 days. Amy was so happy with her creation she decided to sew more often.
Sally wanted to make some money, and wanted to fast. One day, she planned on finding every coin in her house. She spent hours looking under tables and digging in the couch. Her parents watched her quietly, as she scavenged for coins. Her mother told her she could've spent her time working instead!
Scott was a hard-working men's basketball coach. When he met Irving, he wanted to make a difference in his life. First, Scott took Irving to meet and play with NBA players. Next, he customized Irving's workout program. By his senior year in college Irving was ready for the NBA.
Mike asked his mom if he could eat frosting. She said no, that's not good for you. Mike cried and begged. His mom gave him an apple instead. Mike ate the apple and was happy.
Every 34 hits I ran into a captcha. It was becoming frustrating. I had to stop what I was doing to enter it. I tried to be patient. I wasn't the only one who was becoming annoyed.
Johnny wanted to go to a camp with his friend in the summer. The campsite was near the water. His parents said they would let him go if he learned to swim. Johnny's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA. He learned to swim, so he was able to go to camp and have fun.
Lana bought some chicken. The chicken tasted old. Lana returned the chicken. She put the money away. She resolved to miss a meal.
Brandon was a cross country star at his school. He held the school record for fastest mile time. On the week before a major race, Brandon sprained his ankle. The coach was disappointed, but Brandon didn't mind. He was just thankful for all the races he already competed in.
Mike was getting ready for work one morning. He couldn't seem to find his white shirt. He checked everywhere and even asked his wife where it was. She told him it was in the dryer. Mike was late because he had to iron the shirt.
Mark was at camp with his friends. They were getting ready for the day and offered Mark some bug spray. He declined, sure that he would be fine. Then the group went for a long hike. By the end of the hike, Mark was covered in itchy bites.
Erica woke up one morning not feeling well. She had a runny nose and her muscles hurt. She went to the doctor and he told her she had the flu. She went and got medicine and orange juice. She began to feel better in a couple days.
Harry works as a senior manager. His company struggles to develop new products. Harry looks for a way to shift the blame. His new strategy is to make the workers unhappy. Harry claims the departing workers were the ones responsible.
Carson has worked in television for most of his career. He doesn't love television work, but it pays his bills. Finally he decides to quit in order to become a zookeeper. His first few Year's at the zoo are difficult but rewarding. Carson is so happy he left his job in television.
My mom isn't that old. She doesn't look that old either. Last weekend at the movies she asked for the senior citizen discount. The girl behind the counter didn't want to argue and gave it to her. My mom felt like she got away with a crime.
Matt wanted to travel the world. He ended up choosing to go to Paris. Matt boarded the long flight to Paris. He finally arrives in Paris. It's everything he thought it would be.
Yesterday was the first day of school. I was really scared because I didn't know anyone. During lunch I sat next to someone names Phillip. Me and Philip became really good friends. Now I'm not scared to go to school anymore.
Amy had lunch with Ella who was the sister of her crush Ray. Ella usually didn't ask questions about Amy and Ray. Earlier Amy had snubbed Ray and he seemed stunned. Now Ella was asking probing questions. Ella was Amy's friend, but she refused to answer her questions.
Jody kept a pet deer in her barn. The deer kept growing bigger and bigger. Jody knew she would have to let it free. She took the deer into the woods and let it go. Suddenly she heard a shot and the deer fell to the ground.
Rick wanted to build a raft to float in his lake. He gathered an air mattress and some duct tape. He pumped up the mattress and taped some oars on to the side. Rick tossed it in the lake and jumped on. He sailed into the center and felt at peace.
Brenda was skeptical about internet dating. but she really needed a boyfriend. She made a profile on a dating website. She received several flirty e-mails. But one impressed her and she fell in love with than man.
A few summers ago I worked at a campground. After a storm I found a litter of kittens in the woods. I moved them inside to my cabin and fed them. One of the kittens seemed to like me so I kept it. The others found good homes with the other campers.
Freddie was driving home from work. He wasn't wearing his seatbelt. Freddie was pulled over by a cop. He was given a ticket for not wearing his seatbelt. Freddie always wore his seatbelt after that.
Gene was sitting in class one day. A voice came over the intercom. The voice warned teachers to lock their doors from a gunman. Gene sat for hours while the police searched the school. It turned out to be a false alarm and students went home.
The friends always got together to eat chicken wings. They would talk about what was going on in their lives. The wings were usually spicy and hot. One day, they tried a new restaurant. They decided they'd meet there from now on.
Jake had recently begun a new job. He started working in a textile factory. On the first day of the job, Jake accidentally cut his finger. Jake's manager told Jake to be more careful. Jake was able to bandage his finger and stop the bleeding.
Stan and his friends were camping out in the backyard. They heard the dogs start to bark next door. Stan and the boys got scared. They ran out of the tent. Stan and his friends slept inside of the house.
Nathan got a promotion. He was going to be the general manager of the dealership. He worked hard every day. He wanted to make his dealership very successful. After a year, sales had increased 30%!
Mike decided to work on his yearly tax returns. He gathered all of his documents and began to fill out the return. He gave items to Goodwill, but wasn't certain how to claim the items. He researched his question online, at several tax sites. He found the answer and then finished his tax return.
My parents always buys Q-tips. I never use them for general purposes. I use them to clean hard to reach places. Usually the Q-tips only last about a week. My parents complain about the way I use them.
Abbey packed up her luggage and went on vacation. She decided to just drive and do things on the fly. She wandered across the country for several weeks. Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home. Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life.
I woke up the other day really sick. I had a horrible cough. I could barely get out of bed. There was no way I was making it to work. I had to call out.
Amy and her sister went to a club in LA while Amy was on vacation. They stood in line waiting to enter the club an hour. When they were at the front of the line a Lamborghini pulled up. Amy yelled "Kanye" as he stepped out. She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her.
Jake was known as a most wicked man. He learned to deceive and take. Until one day, Jake's tricks caught up with him. Jake was shot to death in cold blood. Jake failed to see he was viewed as a poisonous snake.
Jill saw a woman make bird treats on TV. She got to work making her own bird treats. She made a pan of pine cones spread with peanut butter. Jill went to the garage to get bird seed to sprinkle on them. She returned to see her son licking peanut butter from the cones.
Chris was enjoying a day at the lake with his dad. They were fishing for catfish. They had to be patient, for it could take hours to get a good catch. After waiting and waiting, Chris felt a sharp tug on his fishing pole. He had the biggest catch of the day!
Eric was always a bright boy. He could answer math problems instantly. Now he is about to go to college. He is going to take honors classes. So he can continue to shine as brightly as he can.
No matter what Bill tries he can't grow a beard. So he goes to the doctor. After running several tests they figure out he has too much estrogen. So they give him some testosterone injections. Soon he is growing a beard,
Carl is sent to prison. He makes a plan to escape. He puts his plan into action. He breaks out of the prison. Carl is now free.
When Mike was growing up, we was given a lot of warnings. He was warned about credit cards and how they can get you into debt. His brother had just had a huge debt problem, so he told to avoid them So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring. Now as a grown up he doesn't use credit cards and only uses cash.
Aline was going to call her boyfriend but got hiccups. She drank a glass of water, but it didn't stop the hiccups. She asked her mother to scare her, but it didn't work either. She called her boyfriend anyway. She said hello and then hiccuped very loudly and got embarrassed.
John and Jim wanted a pizza. Jim called the pizza company and asked for delivery. The pizza company said it would be there in less than 30 minutes. Jim and John waited and at exactly 30 minutes someone knocked. John and Jim got their pizza on time.
Bob was feeling sick. He felt cold. His mother made him chicken noodle soup. Bob felt better immediately after eating the soup. Bob thanked his mother afterwards.
Last Saturday, my best friend and I went hiking. We climbed Cowles Mountain in time to see the sunrise. Then we followed a trail down a bit and back up to Pyles Peak nearby. By the time we came back from Pyles, I was exhausted. Even though I had fun, I was very glad when it was time to rest.
I love my husband but sometimes I wonder why I married him. He's loving, considerate and not always the sharpest tack in the box. It snowed and I couldn't find my snow boots. My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill. I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay.
John saw a beautiful girl on weekdays in a coffee shop. He wanted to woo her. So he decided to make a good first impression. John confronted her. John gave her chocolate in a box and the girl smiled.
Josiah loved playing with his aunt. She always took him by the hands and made him turn around. He loved the sensation of flying in his house. But when he hit his foot on a table, he screamed. And his aunt had to console him from the pain.
I decided to ride my bike to the park. When I got there it began to rain. I began to wonder if I would have fun at the park at all. I ran under a large tent. I spent the rest of the day relaxing and watching raindrops.
Bob was at a large party. And everyone wanted to take a picture. Someone decided that they should take one on the balcony. So everyone crowded themselves on it. But after a few moments, everyone's weight made the balcony break.
Larry was trying to get a job. He went out with friends to the bar. He got too drunk. He lost track of his phone. He missed a call with the job offer.
Cloe, Jade, Yasmin, and Sasha are all best friends. They decided to take a hike through the woods together. Chloe got lost in the woods. The others searched until they found her. The girls enjoyed the rest of their hike.
Sara has a big test tomorrow. She also has a softball game. Sara decided to pull an allnighter. She was so tired the next day. Sara ended up sleeping through her test.
In the past seven months I've lost around 120 pounds! It's been a really exciting time, obviously. I think the thing I'm most excited about though is clothes. I love being able to walk into a store and see my size. I need to win the lottery so I can go on a shopping spree!
Jack stared at the computer screen. He needed a hit. He ran through all of his search tools once more. No hits were found. Jack stared at the screen and sighed.
Natalie got a jury summons through the mail. She ignored it thinking she wouldn't have time anyway. She got another letter a few weeks letter demanding she appear. Natalie was very nervous for her court date. She saw the judge and got sentenced to community service.
Me and my wife love zombie shows. We were watching one last Sunday night. My wife bit my arm. She left a bruise! I never knew she was a biter!
Don was a recent college grad. He wanted to work in finance. He applied for numerous jobs in his industry. He finally got a job interview. Don got the job.
John always comes over to my house to hangout. Sometimes he comes over when my husband and I are watching TV. He will come in and stand right in front of the television. It's the most annoying thing ever. I've tried to tell him to stop but he still does it.
Laura's new neighbors have pet chickens in their yard. Every day Laura passes by them and admires them. She thinks the chickens are very cute and wants some of her own. After looking into the laws she decides to buy a few chickens! Laura buys herself some chickens and raises them herself.
David was crazy about Marisa. They worked together. He was worried about work relationships not working. He threw caution to the wind however. And now they are a happy couple.
My friend's dad died. I got out of school for the funeral. I remember the family walking with the casket. They were dressed in black. It was a sad day.
Amanda was in the market for a car. Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car. Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car. In looking at the prices, Amanda decided to buy a new car. Amanda was happy with her decision to buy a new car.
Peter had a pet cat. It had a very long, fluffy tail. Peter's baby liked to grab it. One day, he grabbed so hard, some fur game off. Peter's cat hated the new baby.
Fred and his friends were playing in a tree. They thought it would be fun to climb it. Yet when they climbed it Fred fell out. He hurt his knee. He called his parents for help.
Rob wanted to take a vacation to Canada. To travel to Canada, Rob needed a passport. Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast. However, the passport agency shipped Rob's passport way too late. Rob had to book another flight, which cost him an arm and a leg.
Jerry played basketball for his high school. Jerry was never very good at basketball. He got to play in the last game of the season. He was nervous about letting his teammates down. Jerry scored two points, and an assist that day.
Kim was heading to the olympics. She was a well trained athlete. A month before the games she got hurt in practice. She tried her best to get better. Unfortunately she had to pull out.
Ken was in the bathroom at school. He was putting graffiti on the walls. A teacher walked into the bathroom. He saw Keith writing on the wall. Keith got into trouble.
Larissa had always been mean and bossy. When Larissa was twenty-eight, she got a boyfriend. Larissa tried to be mean to her boyfriend by hitting him. Her boyfriend called the police on her. Larissa is now in jail for assault and battery.
Jane and James felt sick. They had been on twelve carnival rides in a row. They decided to go on one more. It was the Ferris wheel. At the very top, Jane threw up on the crowd below.
Tim had a new job. He didn't think he was getting paid fairly. He kept track of his hours and showed them to his boss. The boss said he would look into it. Tim never got a resolution.
Steve loved to play his guitar on the sidewalk. He went out every day and people would give him tips. One day a music producer heard him performing. The producer asked Steve to meet with him to discuss business. Steve got to sign to a record label and make his first album.
Liam was carrying something heavy in his pocket. It was a large dagger. He had it for protection when he walked through the woods. He was scared of wolves and bears. He hurried home before any animals found him.
Jeff lived in an association suburb that has rules. One rule is that you can't leave your car on the street overnight. Jeff fell asleep early and did that by accident. The next morning Jeff had a fifty dollar ticket on his windshield. Jeff was mad and started looking for other places to live.
My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk. He was able to stand but wouldn't move forward. All he would do was sway. My wife turned on the radio. We changed it to a dancing lesson.
Jason was waiting outside the principal's office. His teacher had sent him there for starting a fight. Jason was very nervous because the principal was scary. When the principal called him in, Jason ran away. The principal caught Jason and suspended him.
Bobby was ready for the final. He had studied all semester. He proactively prepared for it. He walked in for the final. He found the final very easy.
Today I took my son for his first haircut. We had to wait for twenty minutes to be seen by the stylist. Once it was our turn my son became very scared. He would not sit in the chair. We left the haircut place and went home with long hair.
Helen's grandmother took her for a manicure. She got to pick out whatever color polish she wanted. There were so many colors she couldn't decide. So she got a rainbow manicure. There was a different color on every finger.
Fred purchased a new suit. He thought he was getting a grey suit. But unfortunately it ended up being wrong. Fred noticed it was too small. He had to get another one.
Jon wanted a puppy for his birthday. His parents told him that they did not have time for a dog. Jon was disappointed. Jon's parents threw him a party in the back yard. When he went outside, his parents had gotten the puppy.
Evan's teacher told the class they would have a math test on Friday. Evan brought his math book home every day to study. He had his mother quiz him on a number of problems. Evan felt ready to take the test on Friday. Evan's teacher graded the tests and he got a perfect score.
Corey lost his parents a few years ago. Recently he started hearing voices on a radio frequency. Corey began to investigate in order to restore his sanity. Corey is relieved in his findings. A new station is emerging on that frequency.
Tom was a gymnast. He competed every other weekend. One weekend he tore his hamstring. In recovery he focused on his hamstring flexibility. Tom never tore his hamstring again.
Nina wanted to become a teacher for middle school. She wasn't completely sure how to go about becoming that. Nina started looking into the training needed. She decided on a set class schedule for herself. Nina eventually became a teacher after years of training!
Billy and his friend were on a boat. Deep into a swamp they paddled, not knowing where they were. They paddled into a swarm of water snakes. Billy freaked out and reversed course immediately. They paddled for 30 minutes straight until they were out of the swamp.
Tim was so stressed from work. He had been working hard lately. He asked his boss for a vacation. Tim fly to Canada the next day. He spent the weekend visiting his grandparents.
The man grew a beard. The beard started itching. He shaved it. His face felt raw. He put some cream on it.
Ola wanted to make some chicken tenders for supper. She did her best to bread and fry strips of chicken. But her tenders just didn't come out tasting right for some reason. Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking. She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious!
Tom was playing video games online. After a while his game kept freezing. Tom realized the internet was being slow. He called his provider to find out what the problem was. They told him it wouldn't be fixed for a while.
Jane was bleaching her hair. She lost track of time and left the bleach in too long. After a while she noticed her scalp was burning. Jane tried to quickly wash it out. Unfortunately it was too late and her hair was destroyed.
Hank's father always goes on hunting trips in the fall. One time Hank was invited to go. After his first lesson with a rifle Hank settled into a blind. He and his father sat and talked about life for hours. They didn't find any deer that year but Hank enjoyed the experience.
Pete was going on vacation this summer! He thought about going to Canada, but it was too cold. He thought about going to Mexico, but it was too warm. He just couldn't decide. Since he couldn't decide he ended up just staying home that summer.
Johnny called his father and told him the good news. He was promoted to editor at his job. He invited his father over but his father said no. Johnny went to his father's house and his father wasn't home. Johnny left a bottle of champagne on his father's porch.
Some friends of ours are huge fans of geocaching. Geocaching is using the earth's coordinates to seek out treasures. One day, we all went geocaching together. We found lots of cool loot! Everyone had a great time!
Jill has always had a sweet tooth. One night she wanted something sweet. She went downstairs and grabbed ice cream. Since she was sleepwalking, she had no idea this happened. When she woke up the next morning, she was confused to see the spoon.
Mr B was an elementary school teacher. But no matter how much he yelled, his students never behaved. One day, Mr B gave up. And he decided to let his students do whatever they wanted. But they felt strange because Mr B was so quiet.
Suzy went to the movies by herself. She got in line to buy a ticket for the movie. She recognized a friend in the line. They spoke together in the line. They agreed to see a movie together.
Fred had teeth that needed braces. But he was so nervous. He thought it was going to hurt. It ended up hurting badly. He couldn't believe he had to wear them for years.
Larry walks his neighbor's dog on the weekend. He takes the dog around the neighborhood for awhile. The dog looks curiously around the surroundings. Larry returns the dog to his neighbor. He receives five dollars for his service.
Nathan was seven Years old but still did not like to share. When he was forced to share, he would cry and pout. One day a cute new girl sat down next to him at lunch. She asked him what he was eating. He offered her some of it because this time he wanted to share.
Jill had been dating Don for three Year's. She was absolutely in love. They did everything together. She went out to lunch one day and saw Don with someone else. She was absolutely heartbroken.
Samantha saw a boy at school that she thought was cute. Samantha was shy about asking the boy out. She decided to ask the boy out anyway. The boy said yes because he liked Samantha. They are going on a date this Friday!
Dan was sleeping at Ryan's house. They had spent the night watching scary movies. Dan was too scared to sleep. Ryan began to make scary noises. Dan called his mom to pick him up.
Janice arrived on campus. She parked her car and started to walk towards the main hall. The double front doors were open when she was nearby. However, they started to close and smacked her in the face. Part of her front teeth was chipped off.
Sam was in a band. Sam played the keyboards. He was about to play a show tonight. Sam's keyboard would not function properly. Sam had to go to the store to purchase a new one.
Kris had always been a good swimmer. He joined a club to improve his skills. They invited him to swim in a competition just after joining. Kris was very nervous about this as he had never swam a race. He came in second and was very proud of his achievement.
Maury bought a rescue dog. He bragged to everyone that it was a rescue dog. Finally, one person asked where he rescued it from. He said he rescued it from his ex-girlfriend. They told him he was horrible and that was thievery.
Dan didn't want to go to class. He had poor attendance and couldn't skip the class. Before class began he pulled a fire alarm. Ink sprayed out and covered his hand. He stood outside with the other students hiding his hand in his pocket
Mommy put the baby in the high chair. She gave the baby a banana. The baby mashed up the banana. The baby put the mashed banana in her mouth. Mommy wiped the baby's mouth.
Martha and her family climbed into a car to begin a long trip. When they began to drive, Martha felt uncomfortable. She began to feel waves of nausea and dizziness. She asked her father to pull over and she threw up outside the car. After throwing up, she felt better and they continued driving.
Erin hates roller coasters. Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park. Her friends want her to ride a roller coaster. They dare her to ride one. She rides the roller coaster and screams the entire time.
I had a stroke a few years ago. I got Warfarin shots in the belly every day while in rehab. One day the rehab doctor pulled me in. He showed the nurse the bruises on my belly. He said the nurse was injecting the Warfarin in the wrong way.
Martha went on a camping trip with her boyfriend. They slept in a tent that night. In the middle of the night she heard a sound. She opened her tent to see it was a bear going through their food. Martha decided that she was never going camping again.
Dallas loved to travel. One day he decided to take a vacation to Florida. He swam in the ocean and laid in the sand on the beach. He went deep sea fishing and parasailing. Dallas felt very well rested when he returned from his vacation.
Van wanted to become a real estate agent. He had a friend that was a realtor. His friend told him about some schooling that would be good. After he finished his courses his friend got him a job in his office. Within a year Van was the best realtor in the area.
Randy is playing a game of basketball. He is so confident he can win. Randy is losing by two points. Randy goes for the game winning shot. He misses the shot and loses the game.
Ida applied to two colleges. She applied to NYU, and her local college, just in case. When her NYE envelope arrived, she was terrified but excited. She opened it with trembling fingers. Then she shrieked with joy - she had been accepted!
I was a Brockton Rox fan. They played minor league baseball in Brockton, MA. I saw them play three times. Once I saw El Guapo, a former Red Sox, pitch. I was sad to see the Rox leave pro baseball.
Tom was on a road trip to Texas. He passed by many drivers on the road. One driver didn't like him trying to pass him. The other driver nearly crashed into Tom. Tom avoided the driver and safely made it to Texas.
John was a young boy with low self esteem. His parents tried hard to build his confidence up. Their lessons had gotten through to him and he felt better. His new found confidence earned him many new friends. John was relieved and felt he could finally stand tall.
Sara had a boyfriend named Clay. Clay's new step dad kicked him out of the house. Sara wanted to dump Clay. Clay had been through alot lately. Sara decided to wait to dump him.
Kassie loved visiting her Grandma. She would go to see her every weekend and they would do puzzles. Kassie could spend hours doing puzzles with her Grandma. Her Grandma looked forward to the visits from Kassie. Kassie and her Grandma had the best days together.
Daniel moved into a nice, new apartment. Sadly, one of the rooms was painted black. Daniel bought some white paint. He put several coats on the wall. Now the room no longer looked like death.
Jack didn't want to go to nursery school graduation. He was tired and fell asleep in the car on the way there. But he didn't want to disappoint his mother. He tried to be serious, but was too tired. Jack made all the parents laugh when he yawned and checked his watch.
There are four televisions in Becky's house. She decides to watch her show in the living room. Zaiden wants to watch cartoons in the living room. He wants Becky to watch cartoons with him. Becky gets stuck watching cartoons with Zaiden all day.
Sam received the pizza from the store and went to her car. While she was trying to get home, there was heavy traffic. The road didn't clear up until a hour later. She quickly took the pizza inside her house when she got home. Unfortunately, it was extremely cold after the long wait.
Keith hated washing dishes at his house. He would let the dishes pile up high before he did them. He decided to buy a washing machine. Now, he just put the dishes in the machine after he was finished. Keith was very happy with his purchase.
Dan recently visited a  local art exhibit in his town. Dan was pleased to see a local artist work at the exhibit. Dan decided he was going to purchase a art piece from the exhibit. However, Dan saw that all the pieces were already purchased. Dan was disappointed that he could not purchase any art.
A little boy fell on the playground. People went to help. He showed his cut. The moms fixed it. They put a bandaid on it.
Tom moved out on his own for the first time. It was right around Christmas time. He decided to buy a tree for his new home. Tom asked his friends to get him decorations for it instead of gifts. Tom had a beautiful tree built by love.
Brianna never thought she would turn vegetarian. But she read about America's flawed meat packing system. She read all the meat sold in America has been cured of disease. She also read substances qualify as meat but isn't meat. The information was so alarming she no longer craves meat.
The dog's incessant licking had created a hot spot on his back. The owner tried different home remedies, but nothing helped. The owner decided to take the dog to the vet. The vet suggested a course of prednisone. Within a few days, the hot spot was gone.
Margo was running late for work. She decided to skip putting gas. She didn't have enough time to stop. Four blocks from work her car stalled out. She was even more late than had she stopped.
One summer when Alan was little, he lived in Alaska. It was very difficult because of 24-hour sunlight. He moved back to Ohio, and the days were so short. He told other students what it was like, and they make fun of him. He wishes he could go back, where people know the summer sunlight.
On Sally's first day of kindergarten, she was very nervous. Her mother and father took the morning off work to take Sally. When they got to school, her parents took a few pictures of her. When it was time to start the day, a bell rang and she went into class. After a full day of activities, Sally was very happy to go home.
Anna was doing badly in school. She worked hard, but struggled to understand the concepts. So she went for tutoring after classes. The tutors helped her grasp the ideas and learn more. Soon her grades had improved drastically!
Michael was scared of being alone. One day he went on a trip. It was inside a cave with his friends. He took a wrong turn so he was left alone. Michael nearly had a panic attack.
Nigel skipped breakfast because he didn't have time. Nigel skipped lunch because he was too busy during the day. After work, Nigel rushed home and made himself a snack. The snack killed his appetite and he forgot to eat dinner. Later, in bed, Nigel felt pangs of hunger as he fell asleep.
Mike and his friends all loved to sit around and play Tabletop. They would gather in Mike's basement every night and eat junk food. In their game sessions, they had many imaginary adventures. His wife warned him he was making himself sick with all the sitting. By age 40 they had all died of heart attacks.
My record for traveling to my hometown is four hours. It is about 300 miles. I had to go from 90 to 100 miles per hour. When I went through a city I slowed some. A speed limit drive is five and a half hours.
Matt saw the movie Creed last year. The movie inspired Matt to get into better shape. Matt joined a gym and began working out. Matt stayed with it and worked very hard. Now Matt has only nine percent body fat!
The couple rented a yurt. It was very small. They did not like being so close. They left the Yurt. They rented a hotel instead.
John went into a coffee shop to get a drink. John saw the line was very long. He felt uncertain if it would be worth the wait. He went ahead and got in line. After twenty minutes, John finally got his cafe mocha!
Shane was a little immature for his age. His family and friends knew it but he didn't. He was confused when no one wanted to Trick Or Treat with him. He decided to go alone as a pirate. The next day everyone kept asking him for Candy.
Sometimes I commute to the city for work. One day I got drunk in the city after a job. Unfortunately I missed the last train home. That night someone stole something from me on the street. Eventually I took a long cab ride home.
Amy returned from the beach with sand in her shoes. She stopped on the porch and took her shoes off. She dumped the sand out and put them back on. An hour later her mother called her to the living room. Amy got in trouble because sand had been tracked through the house.
The Stone family vacationed in Italy every summer. This year they decided to bring their pet chihuahua along. After landing at the airport, they were told that the dog was missing. The airline couldn't account for the pet and the Stones were furious. They sued the airline and never used it again.
The family wanted to take a walk. They went around the lagoon on a path they'd never been on. They were taken to a remote spot they'd never seen before. It was a beautiful location with lots of trees and water. The family decided to come walk here every evening.
James had trouble getting out of bed. He barely got any sleep last night. He went to go brush his teeth. He noticed that he was out of toothpaste. He brushed his teeth with baking soda instead.
Jim was digging for worms in the dirt. Then he uncovered a cache of acorns! His dad told Jim that those were a squirrel's stash. He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter. JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel wouldn't starve.
Jim invited his friends to his house on Friday. When Friday arrived, Jim totally forgot about his plans. However, he decided to go out to eat. His friends called him since they couldn't get into the house. Jim ignored the messages since he totally forgot about his plans.
The kids were all riding their bikes." They had walkeetalkes to talk to each other. They were playing a game with teams. One team had to capture the other team. They had so much fun and want to do it again.
Rob was eating candy all day. Mostly chocolate related items. But then he put a sour ball into his mouth. He wasn't troubled at first but then it happened. He didn't eat anymore candy that day.
Lorraine has always wanted to bake a fresh cherry pie. One day she buys many cherries, sugar, and flour. She comes home and bakes a delicious pie. Lorraine invites all of her friends over to have a slice of pie. She is happy that she finally baked a cherry pie.
We bought balloons for a party last week. They were not expected to stay up long. Two of the balloons have been up. We released them into the sky today. They went over the pond.
I don't know how to stop wasting time. Everyday I try to write down what I want to accomplish. Then, I always get side tracked. Next thing you know it is almost time to go to bed. I then realize I didn't accomplish anything.
Amy lost an assignment when her laptop dies. She begged her professor for an extension to finish. The professor granted her an 8 hour extension. Amy hated to skip her other classes but she had to finish on time. Amy worked till she was exhausted, but she was able to finish on time.
Liz was out on a date. She was nervous at dinner. She only got a small amount of food. Even that she cold barely eat. Her date thought it was odd.
Ben came home. He had pom poms on his hands and he was wearing a cheerleader uniform. His father came into the living room. When he stared at Ben, he looked disappointed. Ben felt uncomfortable and changed into his home clothes.
My watch broke when I fell. I was very upset about it. My mom came home from work. She surprised me with a new watch. I put it on my wrist.
Bill's parents took Bill and his friend Carl on a beach vacation. They were driving next to  the sunny beach. They saw some people playing beach volleyball ahead. As they drove by, the boys noticed one of the women was topless. Bill and Carl were embarrassed, but not as much as Bill's parents.
Charlie challenged his friends. He would pay anyone who could take a coin from his hand. Everyone jumped on Charlie. Nobody was able to get the coin from him. Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream.
Sam was surfing netflix. He was looking for a show to watch. He spent a long time trying to decide. Before he knew it he fell asleep on the couch. He didn't wake up until the morning.
Scott was an aspiring author. He'd been feeling a lot of writers block for months. As he travelled on the subway, he suddenly felt inspired. He had a great idea for a book and needed to start right away. He wrote the idea down and rushed home to start.
Anthony auditioned for a solo. He blew the judges away. When it was time to perform, Anthony got cold feet. He gave himself a pep talk. Finally, he took the stage and sang.
Cheyanne was at Easter brunch. Her aunt was drinking a mimosa. Cheyanne was curious about the drink and asked for a sip. Her aunt agreed and handed her the glass. She took a sip and immediately spit it out, hating the taste.
Annie was on a field trip with her third grade class. They were walking around a farm, and she suddenly needed a bathroom. Annie tried to tell her teacher, but her teacher ignored her. Annie peed in her pants. Annie's mother was called, and she brought her home early.
My wife's boss is very obsessive-compulsive about her area. She does not like anything messy on the desks. One day someone left a paper cup on a desk. The boss was upset and wanted whoever left the cup to dispose of it. So far nobody has touched the cup.
The family lives down the road from a park. The kids ask Becky to take them there. Becky takes the kids to park to play. They all have a fun time. They can't wait to go again.
The Stewart family lived in Baytown, Texas. Michael Stewart needed a job to pay the family's bills. He was offered a well-paying job in another state. Michael reluctantly accepted the job. The Stewart family was sad to leave their old home.
Joe never had grown anything before, he planted seeds for sunflowers. Joe was so excited when they grew. Joe watched them everyday and was proud of them. Eventually they became so tall they were 7 ft tall. They grew so much the weight of the flowers made them fall over broken.
Alex realized she locked her keys in her car. She tried to call her family members who had an extra key. Nobody could bring her a key. She called a locksmith. She locksmith charged her $100 to get into her car.
When Agnes and Allen married they planned to raise a big family. They tried for many years to conceive. One day Agnes suspected she was pregnant. She bought a home pregnancy testing kit. They both cried when the test came back negative.
Logan was on a fishing trip this weekend. It was his first time going deep sea fishing. He had rented a nice fishing boat to go out to sea. They spent three days fishing with no luck. On the last day Logan and Samuel caught a tuna fish.
My friends invited me to this party. I told them that I was unable to make it since I was broke. They got mad and decided to ignore me that day. When I passed them in school, they made fun of me. They also smacked my book bag on the ground.
The Smith family lived in the southern United States. They owned their home in a nice neighborhood. A few weeks ago, the Smith's town received very heavy rainfall. The rains caused the neighborhood to flood. The Smith's lost most of their belongings in the flood.
Kate wanted to take out the garbage. But she wasn't excited about going out to the trash at night. She thought about leaving it until the morning. But she worried the food inside would rot and smell bad. She decided she would go now and spare her nose the trouble.
Ryan had a combover. Everyone noticed, and his wife told him to shave his head. One day he bought a razor, and shaved it off. Ryan started getting looks from other women. He eventually cheated on his wife, and they got a divorce.
Timothy lived in the USA, but his father was from Argentina. One day he moved back to his home country. While there, he went to the country and ate some beef. The beef was delicious, but it made him very sick. Timothy was flown back to a hospital in the USA, and never returned.
Clyde is a farmer. His crops have gone dry. He doesn't know what to do. He decides to pray for rain. Days later the rain comes and saves his crops.
Jared was arrested for a crime he didn't commit. He hired a good lawyer to fight for him in court. The trial was very controversial. But in the end there was not enough evidence to convict Jared. He was found not guilty and was let free.
Ulric and his friends grouped up for a school project. They were supposed to act out a scene of Shakespeare. They bickered for a couple of hours about casting. Some of the friends complained to the teacher about the group. The teacher assigned them roles, to everyone's dissatisfaction.
I got my heating bill. It was very expensive! I decided to cut down on my heating expenses. I turned off the heater and used candles to warm the house. Now, my heating bill was zero dollars!
Ellen wanted to quit drinking soda. It was causing weight gain and hurting her teeth. So she began chewing sugar-free gum all day instead of sipping soda. At first, it was difficult to break her cravings for soda. But soon, Ellen had forgotten all about it!
I played with the rocks in front of my dad's work. We went there to eat pizza with him late at night. When we left, I went to play in the rocks around the building. I sat there for a long time, sifting through the different stones. I filled my pockets with the ones I wanted to keep.
Tom loved poetry. Tom learned about a Spoken Word event near him. He attended the event. He enjoyed this form of poetic expression. He had a great time at the event.
Keith was traveling out of state. He took a wrong turn off of the interstate. Keith wasn't sure where he was. He stopped at a gas station and asked for directions. Keith got back on his route.
Fariah was walking to school. A sudden gust of wind blew towards her. In addition, several of her papers broke loose from her bag. They landed in a small puddle. She quickly tried to pick them up.
A man desired free entertainment. He visited his local library. He browsed many aisles and books. He found several great books to check out. He went home and read the books.
The cat was bored. It meowed at it's owner. The owner ignored it. The cat clawed the couch. The owner gave the cat attention.
The house was filled with sharp turns and corners. Every corner had someone hiding behind it. They would jump out and I would scream. I wanted to run from them. I tried to remain stoic until the end.
It was allie's wedding in a few days. She was so busy she had to pick up the cake. When she got the cake everything was good. Until she dropped it. Allie was so upset.
Sally had bad allergies. They were especially bad in the spring and fall. Sally went to an allergy doctor. The doctor prescribed her allergy medication. Sally's allergies no longer bothered her.
Tom was excited for a new videogame. The previews made it seem awesome. He pre-ordered it and got it at midnight. The game turned out to be a huge disappointment. Tom never even finished playing it.
Lorrie was outside trimming the hedges in her georgia home. She went inside to grab a drink. She heard a noise coming from the bedroom. It was her husband lonnie with another woman. Lorrie filed for divorce the day after.
A singer wanted to make the next great country song. He went into the deep south to seek inspiration. He wrote a verse about the people he met. Then he went to a bar to share his song so far. The people there loved his song so far.
The two friends found a rusty box while they were digging by a tree. Sara new it was a box by the handle. They finally finished digging it out, excited to see what was inside. Julie opened it up. Inside they discovered two more shovels.
Jelly was so tired. But she wanted to stay up late and watch the music awards. They were only on periodically. So she tried her best to stay awake. Finally she was up to watch the entire thing.
Kathy made white laundry today. She opened washing machine door. She found out all her clothes were purple. She accidently threw her purple T-shirt into the washing machine. Now she will need a lot of bleach.
Jill was adopted but had always wondered about her real mom. As a teen, she contacted a detective and tracked her down. When she went to her mom's house, she was horrified. Her mom was a crack addict and prostitute who didn't want her. Jill called her adoptive mom and thanked her for being her real mom.
On April Fool's Day I changed all 30 of my mom's clocks ahead 1 hour. I called her later that evening. She did not seem to realize that her clocks were wrong. She mentioned that she didn't know where the time went that day. I told her what I had done and she said it was the best prank ever.
Every year I try to list what I want to accomplish. I try to accomplish these goals every year. Sometimes I am not successful. However, I do at least accomplish a few things usually. My biggest goal is to lose weight.
The couple went to a show. It was too loud for the girl. She asked to leave. The boy refused. The girl left alone.
Gemini was vacationing in Brazil. She was drunk one evening and damaged a bathroom stall. The security guard demanded she pay the expenses. Gemini paid the fee. When her friends asked, she said she was robbed instead.
Steve and his wife went out to eat at a diner suggested to them. When they sat down it certainly looked busy. They waited patiently for their waiter to come to them. After 20 minutes they were very upset. Steve stood up in a huff and told his wife they were leaving.
Johnny loved his red and blue ball. He'd spend hours kicking it around his yard. One day he accidentally kicked it into his new neighbor's yard. Their house was empty so he hopped the fence to retrieve the ball. Once in the neighbor's yard Johnny met their mean dog Sampson.
Mike wanted his own home but couldn't afford it. He decided that he would build one by himself. He started by buying up all of the cheap material he could. When he was ready he began assembling the cabin like home. To his delight he was able to quickly finish a good house.
Tom craved to be in the spotlight. He'd do anything to be in one. So when he got arrested, he thought he lost his chance. But he thought about it some more. And when he escaped, the guards finally shined the spotlight on him.
Bobby met a new person in school. The guy acted shy. However, he eventually became comfortable around Bobby. The next day, he wore the same clothes as him. He also tried to act like Bobby.
The family was visiting San Francisco. They wanted to take a ride on the trolley. They sat down and watched as the city went by. It was a beautiful way to explore the new place. At the end of the route, they hopped off and waved to the conductor.
The smith's wanted to get away. They decided to travel to the Bahama's. The family had the best time swimming and surfing. They had the time of their lives. The smith family decided the Bahama's would be their tradition.
Lance was having a hard time finding a date. He was a gay guy and it was frowned upon by man in his community. Lance decided to browse online for a cute guy to date. Lance meets a handsome young man not far from him. Lance and his date agree on dinner at a local restaurant.
Jen has a big test tomorrow. But she falls asleep studying for the test. When she wakes up it's time to go to school. She know she is not prepared so she fakes illness. She studies all day and aces the makeup test.
Dan went to get caught up on the forum. Today there was a lot of spam from the woman in New England. She didn't seem to get no one wanted to know about her personal life. Dan looked at the forum settings and found what he was looking for. He was able to put the shrewish woman on permanent ignore.
Jon decided to go on vacation. He hired someone to take care of his dog while he was gone. One day, the person he hired forgot to feed the dog. The dog had to go hungry! When Jon figured out, he fired the person.
Jesse wanted to look her best for her high school prom. She thought about what she should wear. She decided she wanted earrings. She asked her mom to buy them for her. Her mother bought her the earrings and made her daughter very happy.
Ethan checked out a book from the library. He started to read it but then quickly forgot about it. He ended up losing the book. The library sent him a letter saying he had a past due balance. Ethan had to pay to replace the book.
Charles hates ants. One evening he came home and found a thunderbolt line of ants. He vacuumed the ants. The thunderbolt line of ants were back the following day. Charles' wife told him the ants escaped from the vacuum cleaner.
I once tried to force feed a fly to a lizard. The lizard would not eat the fly. It didn't seem to care at all. I accidentally cut it's lip. Then I was sad.
I needed my driver's license. My dad drove me to the DMV. We got in line for the test. I took the test. I got my driver's license.
Bill was looking for a new job. Bill got two new job offers on the same day. One job would make Bill happy. The other job would pay Bill more money. Bill took the job that would make him happy.
Isabel had just moved to a new city. She was going to start at a new school. On her first day she was extremely nervous. Luckily she immediately made friends in her first class. The friends helped her transition into the school run smoothly.
Gina took a left onto a side street from the main street. She drove slowly so she didn't slide on the ice. She drove for half a block to make a u-turn on the next street. Gina made her u-turn and headed back to the main street. She stared at the traffic happy to have made her escape.
Sandy went fishing with her grandfather for the first time. The two sat together and watched their lines. Suddenly, Sandy got a bite! She reeled the fish in and struggled to pull it out of the water. Finally, she was victorious, and held her prize proudly.
Shane was walking in the woods. He saw a lot of trash in one area. Shane came back later the next day. He brought a trash bag. Shane cleaned up the dirty area.
Tim bought a new light-bulb. He needed to replace an old one. The new one was supposed to be more efficient. Unfortunately Tim dropped it on the floor and it broke. He had to keep using the old one.
Sam was out with friends on a school night. He was having too much fun. Sam decided to stay out longer. When he got home his parents were angry. He was grounded over the weekend.
Sam was bored as she waited for her pot of water to boil. To pass the time she played with her kitchen knives. Sam threw her knife at the wall to make it stick. After a few throws she got better. By the time the water boiled she had deadly accuracy.
Rachel was studying to become baptized. She was nearing the end of her lessons. Her teacher asked her if she was sure that she wanted to do it. Rachel thought about it. She had a change of heart and decided not to go through with it.
Dan prepared for weeks for the show. He did stretches and yoga. Finally the big night came. Dan leapt into the air and executed the stag split perfectly. Dan was proud of himself for getting it right.
Timmy lived in a bad neighborhood. He did not know how to change it. He decided to form a neighborhood watch. The neighborhood watch comprised mainly of his friends. The neighborhood was safer after that.
I was at the dog park yesterday. I saw all these people with dogs that looked like their kin. I was thinking how weird it is that people look so much like dogs. I'm scratching my head I look down to see my dog with a similar itch. I now realize I too am one of those dog people.
Susie got home late one night from work. All of the sudden she heard something. She heard it from the bushes. It was a fox. Susie jumped and got very scared.
Tom wanted to be more productive. He read online about this. He read about quitting facebook. Tom quit facebook. He saw his productivity increase.
Gina was going to the CVS near her home. She thought it was odd the lights were off at the store. She pulled into the parking lot to have a look. The store was closed. Gina later found out they had a small electrical fire at the store.
Jackie was very excited for black friday. She was hoping to get a great deal on a new TV. When she arrived at the store it was more crowded than she expected. She worked her way to the TV section in hopes of finding a good deal. All of the TVs were sold out, she went home very sad.
Matt and his friends went camping They all brought food to cook Matt was in charge of the first night's meal. He cooked beans and hotdogs and they loved it. Matt ended up cooking every meal.
Kathy was watching her husband cook breakfast. He had just pulled a donut out of the hot oil. He brought it to her on a plate. She was so excited to eat it that she immediately took a bite. She ended up burning her tongue.
Tom was a carpenter. He was working exclusively with wood. A man approached him and offered a job. The man asked him to begin with with metals. Tom obliged and began working with metals.
Alice was having trouble in school She wasn't paying enough attention at school Her parents decided to ground her to improve her grades She had to pass this test or no more cell phone! Alice failed to improve her effort and received a big fat ugly F
Rob found a pink phone on a restaurant table. He pocketed the phone and walked away. He tried to pawn the phone, but wasn't successful. Rob then decided to give the phone to his little sister. He wrapped it up and gave it to her for her birthday.
Megan liked to create art. On the weekends, she would sit and draw, paint, and color. Every Monday, Megan would bring her artwork into her class. Her friends and teachers all admired her skill. She eventually became a great artist.
That weekend, she was miserable. She used a hot compress on her jaw to feel better. The pain was so severe, she became immobile. She began begging dentists to see her over the weekend. She finally was able to move up her surgery by one day.
Ethan practiced basketball. He shot a lot in his driveway. He became better. He tried out for the team. He made the team!
Emma was trying to listen to an old mix tape from school. She was shoving it into a tape deck when the film caught. She pulled it out of the tape and found it all tangled. She thought it was broken but carefully tried unwinding it anyways. To her delight the tape went back to normal and still worked.
Tim was shopping for jeans. And he noticed that there was a sale. The only pair on sale left were purple though. But he couldn't pass up the great deal. When Sam wore the jeans the next day however, he felt silly.
Ali was frozen where she stood. Her sister had brought her with to a friends house. The friend's sister was a bully who hated Ali. Ali watched in shock as the bully approached her. Before she knew what happened, they were in a full on fight.
My son had his first birthday last year. We made the party special and unforgettable. We had games for kids. And we also hired a clown. My son received a lot of gifts.
When I was six, my family took me to Paris. The trip was long, but we finally arrived in France. The city was very beautiful. We ate authentic food and visited many landmarks. I want to go back to Paris someday.
Charles was a very serious man and didn't laugh a lot. His friends tried to tell jokes but he remained untouched. To make him lose his composure, his friends decided to trick him. They invited him to a conference which was in a fact a clown party. Charles wasn't happy, but a smile turned the corner of his lips.
Alex and his family went to a campground. The campground had tons of activities. His favorite activity was the kids crafts. He did crafts every day while he was at the camp. Alex and his family were both sad when their vacation was over.
Tim bought a car. It was very expensive. He pays eight hundred dollars a month for it. He had trouble paying his other bills. He decided to give up the car so he could live better.
Rachel had just finished cooking dinner. She stuck the bottle of oil in the cabinet. Later she went to use the oil again. She felt greasy liquid all over the shelf. She realized that she had left the bottle open.
Ophelia has been wandering around for an hour looking for wifi. Her phone has no data plan and she needs the internet. Finally she walks to a cafe that offers free wifi. She stands outside the cafe until she can check her email. Ophelia feels so relieved that she found free wifi.
The shower head in my new place was leaking constantly. I put in a work order and it took ages for them to respond. A worker entered my home when I was not around. When I returned, the shower was fixed and a note had been left. To my embarrassment, the knob just needed to be turned tighter.
Abby had to take a math test. She looked everywhere for her pencil. She couldn't find it! She went up to ask her teacher to borrow one. The teacher told her the pencil was stuck in her ponytail!
My brother Aldo bought a new gaming console recently. He bought many interesting and fun games to play it with. Unfortunately, he doesn't want to go outside to play anymore. As a result, my parents forbid him to play during the weekdays. Those news made my brother very sad and upset.
I signed up to play football at my new school. They held a meeting for the player's parents. My dad agreed to go to the meeting. He showed up wearing a football shirt from my old school. I was terribly embarrassed.
Jen knew it was a Sunday, because she'd just gotten back from Church. There shouldn't have been any mail delivery. Yet here it was, a letter. Jen cautiously opened it. The paper inside was blank, as was the sender.
Ian wanted a pool. But he didn't know how to swim. So he decided to practice swimming at his friend's house. But he swam there so often that he didn't need his own pool. Ian was glad that he learned how to swim though.
My mom's boyfriend was a real dog. I found him cheating on her with her best friend. I decided to set him up. So, I called her and told her there was an emergency. She came home and caught him red-handed.
It was raining outside that's why i can't go anywhere. There is no good movie to watch so i just eat whatever i want. When i get bored,i decided to bake some cookies. I was satisfied with the taste that's why i baked more. I gave few to our neighbor and the rest i gave it to my friends.
Sue wanted to start a blog as a part time hobby. She was active on social media and her friends told her she was funny. She decided to start a blog where she reviewed movies. She would see a movie and then hilariously rant about it in her blog. Before long she had over a million followers.
Nancy had a problem with her bad breath. Her friends told her it was very offensive. Nancy went to her dentist and he cleaned her teeth. He prescribed a mouthwash and some simple tips. After the visit, her breath improved.
Cindy loved drawing people. And her friends and family always gave her great compliments. Cindy thought she was a great artist and went to art school. But her figure drawing instructor criticized her drawings. And Cindy never went back to the school again.
Tom was a very clean person. On Monday, Tom cleaned his entire home. On Tuesday, Tom invited his friends over. On Wednesday, Tom cleaned his entire home again. Tom felt it was necessary to be a very clean person.
Jennifer has a cat that ripped a few window screens. She went to the store to buy a repair kit. When she returned home she removed the damaged screens. Jennifer follows the instructions to repair the holes and rips. She puts them back in the window when she is finished.
Tom had got his pilot's license the previous weekend. He invited his brother and his sister to come out with him. Boarding the plane, he pointed out what every button did. After take off, they noticed a large storm rolling in. Pulling the airplane up high, Tom cruised above the passing storm.
Maeva went to art class. They talked about lighting. She practiced drawing it. She used pencil. She came out with a nice art piece.
Victoria wants a new hair style. She doesn't want to cut it too short. The hairdresser agrees not to cut it too short. Victoria hair is washed and trimmed. Victoria looks into the mirror and doesn't like the hairstyle.
Tom was at the mall. He saw someone that looked familiar. It turned out to be an old friend. Tom and the friend talked for a while. They exchanged information and kept in touch.
Marcy was learning how to tell time. Her mother told her she would pick her up at three o'clock. Marcy watched the clock. Finally, it said three o'clock. Marcy knew how to tell time!
On July 12th, our friend's 24 year old son had a knee operation. Our friend said on FB that her son was depressed, being an athlete. I bought a Dunkin Donuts gift card and sent it to him. He received it yesterday and emailed us a thank you note. I replied wishing him a speedy recovery.
Steve went for a jog. About three minutes into the jog he got out of breath. He stopped in the street. A stranger stopped his car to see if Steve was okay. Steve got a ride back home from the stranger.
Ada wanted her ears pierced. She went to the jewelry store at the mall. There, an employee sat her in a piercing chair. He quickly used a piercing gun to affix studs in her ears. Then he slid rubber backings onto Ada's new earrings.
Lisa and her friend went horseback riding. At first Lisa was having fun. However Lisa then ended up falling. When she fell she fell on her leg. It was painful but Lisa was alright.
Anna thought that Larry had taken her wallet. The police came to question Larry about Anna's missing wallet. Larry insisted that he did not take Anna's wallet. Later, the police found out that someone else had taken her wallet. Larry felt guilty about the incident, even though he was innocent.
I intend to keep to a tight daily schedule. I have mapped it all out in an electronic calendar. The calendar messages me when I'm supposed to change tasks. I find that I spend an hour or two refining the schedule each day. It has been a very counterproductive undertaking.
Mark's wife Sue wanted to learn to play poker. He stressed to her the importance of having a poker face. After much practice, Mark thought she was ready to play. The first hand she was dealt contained three kings. Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face.
Clare found a dog with a broken leg on her property. She wanted to take the dog to the vet. All vets near her were closed because it was a holiday weekend. She tried to nurse the dog back to health but was too late. The dog slipped away peacefully in its sleep.
My family was going to Disney World. We had to pack our bags and find our airplane tickets. We took the dog to be boarded. We flew on the airplane. Then we got to our hotel, ready to hit the park tomorrow.
A man desired to be smarter. He read many books and talked with wise people. He began learning how smart people think and act. He did his best to exercise his mind. He eventually felt mentally quicker and smarter.
Gary was excited for his yearly physical checkup. Gary was anticipating getting his height measured. After reaching the doctor's office, Gary signed in to be seen. Gary's name was called, and he went to see the doctor. As his height was being measured, Gary realized he was getting taller.
My husband got called into work on the Sunday after Thanksgiving. To pass the time, I decided to clean, but I accidentally took a nap. When I woke up, the sun had already gone down. I wound up watching Netflix and browsing shows. I found a new show to watch called Between and now I have a new show!
It was very windy and rainy outside. Ava took her umbrella with her when she left. But as she walked, the wind increased. The umbrella was ripped from her hands and carried away! Poor Ava had to walk with no umbrella.
Tom went to his prom with friends. It was time for the last dance. Tom asked a girl he had a crush on if she would like to dance. She agreed to do so. Tom had a great ending to his prom.
We had a museum poster on our wall for Years. Last year our daughter made a poster of her baby. It had twelve photos, one for each month of her first year. We took down the old poster and put up a new one. We put the old poster up in our bedroom.
Sweet Pea is a calico cat who enjoys looking out the window. This morning it was raining very hard. She couldn't see anything out the window so she played with her mouse. She batted the toy mouse underneath the couch. I rescued the mouse  so she could continue to play.
My friend Tim smoked from 14 on. He is 45 now. He stops for awhile, then takes it up. This year he stopped when he 14 year old took it up. I hope he stops for good.
The yard was terribly overgrown. I had been asking the guys to mow it for weeks. Finally, I couldn't stand looking at it, so I mowed the grass. While I was mowing I caught my foot in a rabbit hole and tripped. I dislocated my hip and had to go to the hospital.
Kim was getting married in a month and needed a dress. She therefore decided to fly all the way to Paris. She stopped at Givenchy and had a fitting there. Luckily the dress did not need to be altered much. Kim looked beautiful.
Mary was baking a pie for a family dinner. She took a phone call and got distracted. Her pie burnt. She didn't have time to make another. She showed up to dinner without dessert.
There was snow in the forecast so Joy didn't study for her test. When she woke up the next morning, she hoped it had snowed. She looked out and saw the ground was covered. She would have her snow day. She played in the morning then studied for her test that night.
Simone was ready to celebrate. The team was having a banquet in her honor. She had won a gold medal at the competition. Simone's team clapped when she was honored. She felt very proud of herself.
The boys gathered their supplies. They were going on a fishing trip. They got to the cabin and unpacked. They took their poles straight to the lake. They couldn't wait to catch some fish.
Kai was hoping to impress his date. He dressed well and borrowed his father's car. All night he glanced at his date hopefully. After the date, she kissed him on the cheek. She said she was impressed and had had a great time!
Jill had been having a problem with mice in her home. She went to the animal shelter and adopted a cat. Jill's cat took care of the mice. Jill no longer had a mouse problem. She loved having her cat around.
Bob decided he would go fishing on Saturday. He asked all his friends if they wanted to go with. His friends said they were busy, so Bob decided to go by himself. When Bob arrived at the lake on Saturday, all his friends were there. His friends said they wanted to surprise Bob for being a good friend.
Cara had just been given a car even though she was only 16. Her parents trusted her to be smart about the car. But Cara listened to her friends and they drag raced. Cara rammed into an elderly woman and killed her. Cara lost her car and her parents' trust.
Once a month, one of the six Aull children got to pick a movie. The family would gather around on Saturday night to watch together. Bobby hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies. So when it was his turn, he picked an adventure film. His sisters complained, but his dad always liked his choice.
Our internet was down on Monday. I picked up a local newspaper to read. I had forgotten how hard it was to fold the paper. I managed to read one article before giving up. Thankfully, the internet came back on today.
Gina sat on the school bus as it arrived at the school. Usually she was one of the first ones off the bus. But today she stayed in her seat. She dreaded going inside. She knew the day would be long, and dull.
Leah moved into an old apartment. She kept hearing strange noises at night. It scared her often. Eventually Leah realized it was the old plumbing. It helped lessen her fears a bit.
Luke hated mowing the lawn. He thought the grass made him sneeze and itch. His mom took him to the doctor. The doctor said he was allergic to the grass. Now his brother has to mow the lawn.
Gina was feuding with Rita and Mary. It was hard for Gina since Tami was hanging out with them also. This left Gina with no friends. She considered apologizing to Rita and Mary. At least then she would have friends again.
Paul saw something floating in his soup. It was a disgusting dead bug! Paul screamed and called for a waiter. The waiter took the bowl away. He apologized and paid for the meal.
Paul was very excited. He had finally gotten the record contract. He went into the recording studio. He worked all night long perfecting every track. Paul finished his recording and was very proud.
Gary needed to take a placement test to enroll in math courses. He hasn't taken a math course in seven years. He spent fifty dollars buying a study guide. Gary took two weeks to study on his math skills. Gary cheered as he placed out of remedial courses.
Haley enjoys living on the farm. She has many daily responsibilities. Her favorite thing to do is feed the animals. She also likes to ride her horse. She can't ride her horse until her chores are done.
Camille went out to birdwatch. She stood in the bushes watching for the birds. Camille felt something on her foot. She fearfully looked down. She laughed when she saw it was only a kitten.
Everyone waited outside for the Bus to take them to the hotel. When we arrived, there were several people who helped us get around. They showed us the dancing hall as well as the food isle. I ran to the food aisle to eat a quick snack. Afterwards, I danced, until my feet was sore, at the party.
In 1999, I met Jason via an online chat forum. We got along ok, but I really only wanted an escape. When he came to pick me up, I went with him sight unseen. I moved to oklahoma with him. We ended up getting married unnecessarily.
Fred took his dog to the dog park. He let his dog loose once they were in the leash free area. Fred's dog played Frisbee and fetch with all of the other dogs! Soon, the sun started to go down. Fred called his dog, put the leash on him, and they went home.
Dan dreamed of the day he would be a homeowner. Recently, Dan was about to make this dream come true. Dan purchased a lot near the beach in Florida to build his house. Dan was told construction would begin during the winter season. Dan was proud of that he finally would attain home ownership.
Nancy decided to take the elevator to the top floor. Alas, the elevator got stuck. Nancy became scared. The fire department came to help her. Luckily, they were able to free her from the elevator.
Kayla decided she'd go to the park to do her coursework. She expected it'd be quiet and she'd get a lot done. The park was full because it was such a nice day. Kayla tried to ignore the commotion until a dog ate her homework. She decided at that point she really needed to do it in her dorm room.
I bought my girlfriend a hat for her birthday. I took a long time wrapping it. It was expensive and the saleswoman said it was trendy. When she opened the gift she pretended to like it. But it was obvious that she hated it and I failed her.
Larson was excited. He had just graduated high school and was looking at colleges. He sent off a lot of letters and was hoping to get responses back. He opened the mailbox one day and found a few letters. He had been accepted to his favorite school.
Kevin was a bad kid. He was always getting in trouble. He got a detention for using his cell phone in class. He sat in detention and felt angry. He thought his teacher had been unfair.
Jay went to put his pants to get ready for work. He took out his only belt and put that on too. The belt was very tight on Jay. He had a very hard time getting it to stay on. Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he'd buy a new one.
Abel liked to collect comic books. One day he saw an attractive girl in the comic book store. He walked up to her, and asked her if she liked Spiderman. She just rolled her eyes, and walked away from Abel without a word. Abel concluded that the attractive girl did not like Spiderman.
Angela heard about a program in school. An adviser told her that she can start her masters program sooner. Although she was uncertain, she went to her family for advice. Most of them said yes. Based on what they said, she decided to try out the program.
Sam was doing laundry. He forgot about it in the wash. When he remembered it had been in there for hours. It smelled gross and damp. Sam had to wash it again.
Jane had a tennis match. She was excited to play. Her opponent did not know how to keep score. Jane grew irritated. As a result Jane had to forfeit.
Grace was an artist. SHe made a fantastic painting of the sunset. She displayed it on her living room wall. A friend loved it so much she offered her a lot of money for it. Grace couldn't part with the painting.
George was looking for a way to earn some extra money. His father suggested he start mowing yards. There were a number of elderly people on the street that needed help. George made a flyer to distribute. By the next day he had three jobs lined up!
Nicholas didn't want to go to his family reunion. When he woke up, he put hot water all over his body. When his mother came to wake him up, she thought he had a fever. She told him he could stay home all day. Nicholas smiled and played video games, very satisfied with himself.
Emma started feeling sick at school. She decided to go to the school nurse. While with the school nurse, she started vomiting. Emma was diagnosed with the stomach virus. She went home and did not come back to school for days.
Henry found out about a combined Bachelors and Masters program. He decided to sign up for it since the program involved his major. The adviser told him that he had to take an exam for it. He took a year to study for the exam. When he received his scores, it fell short of the requirements.
Adam really loved Angel. He wanted to be with her forever. He decided to ask her to marry him, and bought a ring. He took Angel to her favorite dining place and proposed. Angel said yes, which made Adam happy.
Jacob was at the library. He was reading a book that he really wanted. He decided to steal the book. When no one was looking, he tore the plastic off. Then, he stuffed it in his bag and quickly left.
Jack wants to enter a baking contest. But he finds out that it is only open to women. So Jack enters under his roommate's identity. He disguises himself as a woman. Jack wins first place in the contest.
The notification sound on my phone went off around 3 in the morning. I realized that my friend texted me. I didn't reply and continued to sleep. However, the sound on my phone went off 10 more times. The next day, my friend told me that she was drunk that day.
The family was on a trip in Costa Rica. They spotted a monkey outside their room! The monkey was staring at them. They held out a banana and the monkey snatched it from them. It was amazing to see them so close up!
I took my family to the movies. All my kids had to go to the bathroom so I went to get snacks alone. By the time I finished ordering the counter was full of popcorn. I had no clue how to get it into the the theater. Luckily the ticket taker helped me or I would have spilled everywhere.
Sean saw an Ugly Sweater Maker contest. He designed his own sweater but he wanted to win it for real. He put his link out there and advertised like crazy. Somehow it worked and he won the sweater. It arrived soon after  but he never really used it again.
Tom wanted a new pair of tennis shoes for school but he had no money. He worked odd jobs around the neighborhood to earn extra cash. Sometimes he took out trash or mowed someone's yard. His hardest job was to get a cat down from a tree. He was able to earn enough money for two pairs of new shoes.
Marty went to the beach for summer vacation. She forgot to take her sunscreen with her. On the first day at the beach, Marty got a bad sunburn. Marty had to spend the rest of her vacation indoors. Marty promised herself that she'd never forget the sunscreen again.
My mom taught me how to make scramble eggs. She showed me how to crack eggs. After a lot of practice I eventually got good at it. I can crack an egg perfectly. This is the key for making great scramble eggs.
Melissa was deathly afraid of badgers. One day when she went to water her garden, she saw one. At first, Melissa was very scared but later, she became brave. She gave the badger a little food. Now, the badger could be considered a pet to Melissa.
Kelly was bathing her baby. The baby did not like the water. He cried and screamed the entire time. Kelly cleaned him as quickly as possible. He finally calmed down once she dried him off.
I got a new lawn mower today. I cut the grass in the front yard. The new mower did an excellent job. I decided to cut the grass in the backyard as well. My yard looks better than ever.
My husband wasn't feeling well. We scheduled an appointment. The doctor ran several tests. They came back positive for hepatitis C. We were devastated, and made plans for the worst.
Joy was running a bath. She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath. The lid came off, spilling almost half the bottle into the tub. Bubbles quickly started to fill the tub. They spilled over onto the floor, making a mess.
Marta was excited to go to her first Ariana Grande concert. Her friend Stacey got them backstage passes after the show. The girls squealed when Ariana met them after the show. The could not believe they were finally meeting her. The three posed for a beautiful picture at the end.
The group sat down at the table. The hostess approached the group. She told them that the table was reserved. They were the group that had reserved it. They all laughed together at that.
It was getting close to tax season. Janice was panicking because she was sure she owed money. The day came for her to fill out the paperwork. To her great surprise, she actually earned a tax refund. She was so relieved and used the money to buy something nice.
It was the first night of Emily's play. She played the lead actress. She waited backstage nervously for her cue. Her cue came and she stepped onstage. She got into character and acted beautifully.
Johnny was not looking forward to being a ring bearer. He had to wear a tie. But when he took hold of the ring on the wedding day he felt better. He knew he was an important part of the ceremony. And he did an excellent job.
One morning Steven work up to a strange sound. A constant buzz wouldn't leave his ears. He searched around the room and saw it - a fly. He threw the first thing he could find, which was his alarm clock. The alarm clock broke when it hit the fly, and Steven happily slept.
My friend asked me if something was wrong with my pen the other day. I wasn't sure what he was talking about I asked him why he was concerned with my pen. He then pointed and mentioned his concern was with my shirt. The pen had spilled ink all over it.
Jake was studying for his math test in the library. His phone rang out of nowhere. Jake answered the phone in the library. The librarian walked over and told him to hang up his phone. Jake almost got kicked out for being too loud.
Gary was a horrible musician. He wanted to learn how to make beautiful music. His first lesson, he was told to mark time with his foot. He couldn't keep the beat at all! After many tries, the instructor told him to look into painting instead.
Jim began cooking fried chicken on the stove. As the chicken sizzled, he remembered he forgot something in the car. Jim left the kitchen to get the sauce he left in the car. While he was outside the oil spilled over and started a fire. Jim called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire.
Valerie was getting ready for a formal dance. She had been preparing for hours. As she was ready to leave, her acrylic nail broke. She snapped off all of her faux nails. She didn't have time to feel pity about them.
Kia was boiling rice to go with her dinner. But she forgot to tend to it. She accidentally over-boiled it. It turned into a gooey mess. Kia had to throw out the whole pot of rice.
Ben's dog Molly ran out the door and down the street. He chased after her but lost sight. We couldn't find her although he spent hours looking. He went back home dejected and sad. He found Molly curled up on the doorstep asleep waiting for him.
The family gathered together in one group. Grandma told everyone to smile. We did for a brief moment. As soon she was about to take the picture, my friend jumped in. I turned my head and the photo flash went off.
The garbage was piling up. Lily wondered what the smell was. It was atrocious. She had to empty it. So she drove to the dump.
Sam left his umbrella at home. Once downtown it started to pour rain. Sam had no protection. He decided to buy an umbrella at a local shop. It was better than getting soaked.
I married a girl that I also work with. I thought it would be fun to see her all day every day. Soon I noticed that all our conversations were about work stuff. I asked her if we could talk about other topics when we are at home. She agreed that's a good idea and now we are much happier.
Ralph has a crush on a girl in class. Ralph asks her out on a date. The girl tells him no. The girl tells him she has a boyfriend already. Ralph goes home crushed and defeated.
Laura was going on her first date with Bill. Laura met Bill at the movie theatre. They watched the latest comedy release. Afterwards, they went to the coffee shop. Laura thought the date went really well.
Kyle is eating his favorite candy. While eating he notices his mouth bleed. He looks into the mirror. He sees that his tooth has come out. He rushes to clean his mouth and stop the bleeding.
It was Christmas morning. Lily was opening her stocking. First she found tons of candy in it. Then, she found some fun movies. Finally, she found some hair accessories.
Kya wanted to be a model. She thought she could do it, since she was thin and cute. But when she went to the modeling agency, she was upset. The agents told her she could not be a model. Kya found out that she was too short to be a model!
Ana and Mike were summering at their parents' beach house. It sat on a rocky cliff overlooking Mermaid Cove. Mike said legends told of many mermaid sightings there over the years. Each night at sunset, the siblings looked-but never saw a mermaid. They never said so, but each was secretly disappointed!
The group and I decided to have a recording session one night. When we were set up, we realized the microphones were not plugged in. After a few minutes, we found the problem. The microphones were broken ! We quickly found another microphone so that we could finish recording.
Francine had important documents that needed to be printed. She went over to her printer and began the process. To her dismay, she discovered that it was out of ink. She hurried to the store to purchase more for the printer. She was then able to print the documents with no problems.
Morgan went to the river to get water. She filled up her bucket with it. It was heavy, but she lugged it home. Just before she got there, she dropped it! The water splashed all over.
Gordy took an interest in city flags. He found some beautiful and others repugnant. He most disliked the flags with text on them. He entered a design in a redesign contest for his own city. Gordy's flag was a finalist, but lost in the end.
Tommy wanted a reindeer for a pet. However he had never seen one. So he went to a park. While he was camping a reindeer ate all his food. Tommy no longer wanted a reindeer.
Marcy wanted to apply for a scholarship to Japan. The scholarship was for a full year with all expenses paid. Marcy knew this was an opportunity she could not pass up. Unfortunately the scholarship application was due in a week. Marcy waited until the last minute and stayed up all night to finish.
Nate's school's shop class was full. He was put into a Home Ec class instead. At first he was sad, but then he found something out. The teacher would let him make a chair as his project! Tim got to make a manly item after all!
My dog Oreo needed his shots. So we got him in the car with his leash attached. We held his leash tight because he barks and lunges at strangers. At the vet he was very scared and hid under our chairs. He was a good boy for his shots and got a treat when we got home.
Charles read the post on the bulletin board. It said a Macbook Pro was for sale, only three hundred dollars. Charles contacted the seller. She demonstrated the Mac computer and it worked fine. But it wasn't the kind of computer that used the Adobe Creative Suite.
A tornado hit one church in town and destroyed it. The congregation was sad, but the pastor told them it was a blessing. The church had plenty of insurance coverage. They were able to have a larger building constructed. This was helpful since the congregation was continuing to grow.
Kim was on vacation and couldn't find her hotel. She called the hotel and spoke with a woman at the front desk. The woman gave her directions to the hotel. Kim followed them but was more lost than before. The employee told her to take a left when it should have been right.
Bob got a job on a fishing boat in Alaska. He wanted to earn money to buy a house. Bob hated the dangerous work but it paid well. One day a ferocious shark bit off both of his legs. Bob spent the money he saved up to buy a house on prosthetic legs.
Mike came by my house to buy my chainsaw gear. I decided to give him other stuff as well. I gave him some old packrat traps. I also gave him some nice underground electrical conduit. We had no trouble loading everything into Mike's truck.
Arnold was going to miss his first homework assignment. He called Taylor, saying he only wanted to see his work as reference. Taylor obliged, but Arnold copied his paper verbatim. Their teacher noticed the dishonesty and she gave them detention. Luckily, she didn't feel the need to involve the boy's' parents.
A caveman clubbed a deer. He carried the deer back to camp. His clan was excited. The had a festival for the caveman. He had many night pleasures.
Lisa was given two dollars by her grandfather. Lisa had never had this much money before! Lisa's mom took her to the mall to spend her money. Lisa decided to go into the candy store. She bought gum and a chocolate bar.
Greg always had trouble finding what he needed at his computer desk. So he spent the afternoon organizing everything. He was able to work more efficiently. But eventually, his desk became messy again. Greg was too tired to organize it this time.
Neil went to Fiji on a beach vacation. The island was lovely! The natives were tanned and beautiful. Even the fresh fish was perfect! Neil thought Fiji was a true paradise.
Phil loved to paint with his hands. While his mom was outside gardening, Phil got out his paints. He painted a picture of his house and family. He realized he got paint all over the floor too! Luckily, the floor was easy to clean since he was in the kitchen.
Kelly could not wait to get the newest cell phone. She had pre-ordered hers. When she went to the store to pick it up, no one could find it. She waited and waited. Then she got the bad news that it had been sold.
One team was down by 10 pins in a bowling match. The bowler went up to the line to roll. He threw a gutterball and his team was sad. Suddenly there was an earthquake that shook them. All ten pins fell over and the team cheered.
My biological father had some chest pains one day. He went to see his doctor, who told him his heart was enlarged. He was referred to a hospital in another town. While there, they found he had severe heart disease. He ended up dying on the operating table the same day.
Jane was washing her hands in the bathroom. When she got out, she looked for a plug port. She tried to plug in her phone charger in the bedroom's port. When the plug touched the port, Jane's hand got shocked. There were water droplets on her hand.
Susan always wore her grandmother's silver necklace. She forgot to take it off one day as she ran and played outside. She began to cry because the necklace was lost. Her friends began a search that lasted for hours. Susan cried happy tears when the necklace was found.
Every day around lunchtime all of Kits animals take naps. She has four cats and three dogs. Two of the cats are very young kittens. Luckily they all get along with each other. Usually the cats even snuggle with the dogs.
Betsy and her mom were at the park. They saw a sign for paddle boat rentals. They both thought it would be fun. They climbed onto the paddle boat and set off. Betsy and her mom had a blast that day.
The alarm goes off for the third time and I finally get out of bed. A quick shower and get dressed and I'm ready for the day. A quick trip down the street and I can get my last necessity. I take my place at the end of the line that wraps around the building. The person in front of me paid for my drink, Good Samaritan score!
Wendy went to the zoo on Saturday. She hasn't been to the zoo since she was a kid. She really wanted to see the elephants. She was able to feed them some peanuts she bought. She left glad she went to the zoo.
Joe had two hamsters that eventually had babies. He didn't know what to do with them all. The senior prank was coming up at school so he got an idea. Joe took all twenty babies and let them loose in the school. The school had to close for the day.
Jerry really loves baseball, but he can't decide where to play. He really loves first base, but is also good at pitching. He decides to ask his coach for some advice. The coach said he can play both. Now Jerry pitches every fifth day, and plays 1st all other days.
Pedro worked in a small diner. When the diner had to close it was a tragedy in town. Most locals had eaten there for the last twenty years. To avoid its closure, they all pitched in. And thanks to everyone, Pedro kept the diner open.
Tori was afraid to get her ears pierced, but she wanted to look cool. She went to the piercing parlor with her friend. Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears. Tori was surprised to find it barely hurt at all! Now she shows off her pierced ears with pride.
I bought a new necklace for my wife. It was a valentine's day present. She loved it very much. My wife thanked me many times and made me dinner. I was glad that my wife was happy.
Tim was at the park for Easter. There was a big egg hunt. Tim found one that seemed heavy. He decided to crack it on a friend's head. It turned out to be full of yolk.
Harry was playing with his baby cousin. He tried to throw a softball at the baby. He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs. Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing. No one noticed anything since he was quiet.
Frank loved women, and women loved Frank. Frank married several times and had many kids. By the time he turned 40, he had 13 kids. Frank couldn't afford to pay his child support any more. Frank left the country and was never to be heard from again.
Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack. He was about to grab a banana. Suddenly he noticed a weird white sack attached to it. Then, a huge black bug came out of the sack. The bug crawled away and Tom lost his appetite.
Michael Slick was on a mission to be a ghetto superstar. He wanted to sell products in the underground and do legit deals. He started selling guns from his house and shopping music demos. His artist signed a record deal and Michael's share was a million. But he was arrested for selling guns a month after his big payday.
Marcus was walking around on his last day of school. He was determined to get his yearbook signed by his crush. He searched for her all day but kept missing her. As the day ended he worried it was all over. Luckily right when we was about to leave she came to sign it.
Every time it rains the yard gets muddy along the fence. The mud gets brought into the house by the four dogs that run. I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store. We bought paving stones to go along the fence where there is dirt. After putting the stones down, I'm ready for the rain!
Wang was new in school. Everyone was asking about him on the first day. He was very friendly and nice. It turned out that Wang was from China and an exchange student. Wang and the other students got along great that year.
Ellie and Ethan were rivals on the track team. They were both fast, and both wanted to win first prize at the race. They agreed to a truce and began to train together for the race. They became good friends, and then even more - they began dating! And on the day of the race, the happy couple won - in a tie!
Alistair made it to the bonus round of a game show. The round consisted of rapid fire questions. The goal was to get through as many as possible. The first question was about Swiss government. Alistair was unacquainted with Swiss governing and got no bonus points.
Jeremy had a exam on Monday. He waited until the day before to study. Jeremy stayed up all night. He woke the next day thinking he was prepared. Jeremy wasn't, he studied the wrong subject.
Denise decided she wanted to have some fun at the casino. Her favorite activity at the casino was the slots. As soon as she arrived she made her way to some fun slots. After playing for an hour, she finally won a thousand dollars. At the end of the day she was thrilled.
Bill challenged Tom to a basketball match. Since Tom was short, Bill wasn't scared to face him. The match started and Bill scored the first point. However, that was his only point for the game. Tom won without any difficulty.
Sam was going to a wedding. He was running late. Sam finally got to the church. It was empty by the time he arrived. Sam was more late than he thought.
A woman was walking down the road and came across a cat. The cat was laying on its side but still breathing. The lady got very worried about it and took it to the vet. The vet said the cat was starving and needed food. The woman decided to take it home and care for it.
Carl wanted to buy his wife a gift. Christmas was coming up and he wanted something big. He decided to buy her a new sports car. The wife was happy. It wasn't the color she wanted but she still thanked him.
Cane mined coal all his life. He was determined that his son would not have to. So for eighteen years, he set aside every extra penny he could. Then when his son finished high school, Cole pulled out the money. His son cried when he saw that now he could afford college!
Bobby was making eggs for his mother's birthday as a surprise. Her favorite were sunny side up. However, Bobby tried three times and broke the eggs every time. He ran out of eggs! So his mom got scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Flaming series, the band, is making a music video. they decide to make a riot scene. They ask their fans to take part. The riot scene ended up getting too intense. They had to stop the video.
I live near a university. Their football team is very good. They were playing a big game yesterday. I had to work then so I couldn't watch the game. After work, I was relieved to hear that they won the game!
Lois was determined to win the big jackpot. She worked very hard to find the numbers. It was very hard work but she was determined. The night of the drawing comes and she has her numbers ready. That night lois looks down at her ticket and is amazed she won!
There was a big tree in our back yard. It grew to be a danger. We decided to take it down. It took a few hours of cutting and some planning. Eventually it fell over without hurting anybody.
The man was cooking. He knocked over some oil. The oil fell on the floor. He did not notice. He slipped on the oil.
The  Gap Band was once one of my favorite groups. I was head over heels for lead singer Charlie Wilson. I knew nothing about him except that he made me smile with his music. I recently read Mr Wilson's and the Gap Band biography. I learned I never had a chance to get to know the real Charlie Wilson.
Sally looked at her couch and was unhappy. While it was still comfortable it looked very ugly. She decided to make it look good instead of buying a new one. She set to work and made a couch cover for the couch. She was happy to have a good looking couch.
Johnny had always wanted to learn computer programming. He decided to start taking a course in Python. He found it very difficult when he was starting. However, eventually his Python skills improved. Johnny was happy to be learning computer programming.
Peter was a truck driver. He was running a little behind on schedule. Peter decided to run past the weigh station. He was stopped by a cop. Peter ended up running late and getting a fine.
Tony had a box of old books. The books were from when he was a child. Tony didn't have any children. He had no use for the books. Tony donated the books to a local school.
Tim was sitting in science class. Instead of listening, he was chewing on his pen. All of a sudden, he tasted something strange. His pen had exploded. Tim's mouth was full of blue ink!
Seth was working at a store late one night. Suddenly some kids came in threatening him with a knife. He pretended to grab them some money, but grabbed a gun. When they saw the weapon, he could see them become terrified. They all ran quickly from the building.
Yesterday I had the day off from work. I made myself a bunch of snacks and got some beers. After sending my wife off to work I sat on the couch. I watched television for hours upon hours. I regret nothing though my wife was annoyed.
Today I saw a woman and her son waiting for Uber. They had five pieces of luggage. The Uber driver arrived in a car that was dented. He had a Grubhub t-shirt on and insulated takeout bags in his trunk. I think he made a bad impression for Uber.
Whitney was dating a pilot. They moved in together. They talked about marriage. He decided they weren't working. He dumped her.
Martin loved Gina. He dreamed about her day and night. Gina was unaware of this. One day, Martin wrote Gina a love letter. They are getting married in June.
My daughter's college roommate Gina got married in 2010. Gina's fiance is Jewish, while her parents are devout Christians. He promised to raise the children as Christian. His mother tried to describe Jewish wedding customs at the rehearsal. He asked his mother to stop talking.
Tom was feeling down. He decided to get a new haircut. He tried a different style. It turned out looking great. Tom was slightly cheered up.
Delilah's favorite toy was a stuffed lion. She loved playing with it, and took it everywhere. One day while playing at the park, Delilah lost her lion. She was heartbroken and very worried. Luckily her dad found it, and Delilah was thrilled to be reunited.
I went to the dentist last week. The hygienist spent time flossing and scraping my teeth. She then used my favorite mint polish to clean my teeth. Finally the dentist came and gave me a clean bill of health. I made an appointment for six months and went home for the night.
Bailey was in line at a grocery store. And he began getting impatient. He hardly had any items in his cart. After 20 minutes, he finally reached the cashier. But when he reached for his wallet, he found nothing.
Johnny wanted to make a sandwich. But he realized he didn't have any bread. Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store. He bought bread and more cheese for his sandwich. When he got home, Johnny made his sandwich.
The man threw an egg. It exploded on the ground. Somebody saw him. They demanded he clean it up. The man used a hose to clean up the mess.
Tim had a big game coming up. He had been training extra hard. He was nervous but ready. The game got rained out due to a storm. Tim felt he worked hard for nothing.
Pepper the cat wanted to play with Delilah the cat. Delilah refused and ran away. Pepper chased after her and insisted on playing. Delilah stopped running and hissed at him. Pepper pouted because Delilah didn't want to play with him.
My Dad and I were ready to go to the new star wars movie We are big fans of star wars and couldn't wait. We preordered the tickets and getting ready to go. We showed up at the movie theatre and showed our tickets. The worker in the theatre told us the tickets are fake.
As a carnivore lifelong, I was excited to eat spaghetti and meatballs. The dish was my favorite. However to my dismay, the meatballs were actually made of soy. When I took a bite I thought I would hate it. But actually they tasted very good.
Fred bought a new bicycle. But he decided to settle on a cheap bike lock. Within a week, Fred's bike was stolen. And he bought a much better bike lock the next time. Fred learned his lesson.
Gina's windshield wiper blade was broken. She fixed it the best she could and hoped it would work. She turned the wipers on to see if they would work. The blade cleared a swatch of glass at her eye line. The water above that just puddled, and slid down the windshield.
Carrie had raked a stack of leaves. Her son jumped in the leaves. There were bugs in the leaves. He got bit by the bugs. Carrie put ointment on the bites.
Bob's brother told him he would never have a date. He said Bob spent too much time playing video games. One afternoon, Bob was in his favorite game store looking at games. A very pretty girl asked him for help picking one out for herself. He ended up asking her out and she said yes!
Tasha invited her two best friends over for a slumber party. Her friends arrived at 6:00 pm. At 7:15 pm they ordered a pepperoni pizza. After dinner they watched funny cat videos. They stayed up until after midnight laughing at funny videos online.
Jeff and Diana decided to meet up in school to study together. They found an open area with benches. However, several mosquitoes were across the desk. Jeff tried to keep his body moving but he eventually got bit. The bump existed for 10 minutes.
Karen was an American driving in the mountains of Norway. A truck began tailgating her while beeping its horn. Flustered already, and now mad, she wasn't comfortable speeding up. Soon she realized she had made the truck miss its ferry. She felt bad that the trucker had to wait so long to cross the fjord.
Jim went hunting. He bought home a hundred pounds of deer meat for the freezer. He pulled some out every day to make for dinner. Jim was thankful for a freezer full of food. It would help him feed his family this winter.
Mike had decided to let the family get a pet. He was promised he would not have to clean up after the animal. The family took a vote and decided to get a cat. He hated cats but agreed to get the animal. Every day he complains about the litter on the floor.
Andrew saw that his sister was sad because her dog died. So to cheer her up he went to her house with her favorite snacks. He wanted to make her happy again. He stayed over and they watched movies. She enjoyed his company and did feel better.
Sharon felt she was the fastest and the best housekeeper at the hotel. She challenged the other housekeepers to a clean off of sorts. Whoever had the least amount of corrections at the end of the week won. All the women cleaned to their best ability that week. Because Pam had just started working that day, she won the contest.
Once friends, the two men now fought angrily against each other. Their battle was intense and took them near an active volcano. Just as the battle was beginning to turn, the volcano erupted The older man begged the other to stop fighting so they could escape. The man refused and soon his foolishness cost him his life.
Talon had a birthday. He invited friends over. A girl he liked came. She baked him a pie. He told her thanks.
Ella went to a magic show. The magician did amazing tricks! Ella was shocked and delighted! She went backstage after the show. She got the magician to show her how he did his tricks!
Mark went on a trip to Italy. He ate a lot of pasta and pizza. He learned some recipes. Back at home, he cooked a lot of pasta and pizza. Finally, he got sick of Italian food and never eat it again.
Jamie frequented the gym several times a week. His mum said he was obsessed with it. After years of training, Jamie used his time to become a bodybuilder. He entered a bodybuilding competition after a few more months. Despite it being his first attempt, Jamie came 3rd out of 25.
Cat wanted to give her mom a wonderful birthday present. She wanted to show her mom how appreciative she was. But Cat had no money to buy anything nice or fancy! Then she decided to bake and decorate a complicated cake. Cat's mom was so happy with the cake, she nearly cried!
John was really bad boss. He promised his worker a promotion should he exceed in sales. He also proudly fired a worker unfairly. They all worked hard for him and did everything John asked and more. They did everything he asked but fired them all anyway.
There was a cheer from the crowd. My choir had sang the national anthem. It was at the Atlanta Braves stadium. We had come the night before. We hoped to sing beautifully.
Nick was walking home from school. And it was a really hot day. But blocking the sun with his books helped a lot. He decided to buy an umbrella. And he was much cooler while walking around in the sun.
Tom was out shopping. He had a coupon he wanted to use. Unfortunately it was expired. Tom tried to use it anyway. It went through without trouble.
A limo pulled up to Betty's home. The window rolled down menacingly. Though fearful, she stepped over and looked inside. She was puzzled at the tiny old man she saw. The man beside her asked if she had any Grey Poupon.
One day Shelby decided to go outside and take some pictures. She got her camera and headed out the door. She found some bugs and flowers to take pictures of. She also found a cute field mouse. She had a fun time.
Ken turned eighteen and got his Voter ID card. No one in his family voted. They did not care much about politics. So on election day, Ken went to vote with a group of his friends. He was so happy and proud to finally be a voting American citizen!
Paris was a poor woman. She wanted to be like Paris Hilton. Paris stole a fancy dress and went to a party. She got boys to buy her drinks. For a brief moment, she felt like Paris Hilton.
Jeremy wanted to experiment with his hair color. He decided to dye his hair blonde. The end result looked great. When he showed his friends, they loved it. Jeremy couldn't wait to show his girlfriend.
After a great season, my football team was in the championship game. We practiced all week for the big game. By game day, we were very prepared. We played great because of practice and we won! All of our fans rushed the field and celebrated with us!
Kayla was desperate to get her mom a super birthday present. She knew her mom was hard to shop for and very picky. Kayla searched all the stores she could think of, and went online. Finally she decided to give her mom a picture of the two of them. Kayla's mom loved the gift and put it in her office.
I read a lot of articles online about the benefits of houseplants. I decided to purchase one at the grocery store. I did not research the plant and watered it randomly. My plant began to wilt and die. However, I researched the plant and was able to revive it.
Sam had a learning disability. It was difficult for her to focus in class. She tried medication, but she could not handle the side effects. Sam would learn that meditation and yoga helped her focus more. She was able to overcome her learning disability without medication.
A puppy was following me as I walked along the road. I didn't want it to follow me to school, so I threw a rock far away. The puppy ran after the rock. Meanwhile, I ran in the other direction, away from the puppy. I never saw the puppy again.
I convinced my family to tour a huge mansion estate while vacationing. We drove there and got out of the car to go inside. My 8-month old decided it was a good time to cry uncontrollably. I sat in the car with her while everyone else toured the big house. I only got to see the exterior that day.
Everyone got really drunk at the work party. I was probably the only sober person there. It was ok because I was underage and couldn't drink. It was funny watching everyone act ridiculous. I drove a few people home that night.
Keri was brought in as a panelist on a talkshow. She was told that she would be discussing French history. She studied it for weeks in preparation. On the show she was only asked one question. She forgot the answer to it because of nervousness.
Mary made a pie for her family and one for the neighbors. After the pies were done, she put them in the window sill. After they cooled she brought them but notice one had bites in it. She looked around and couldn't find who ate it. Then she noticed the cat licking his paws and she laughed.
His wrist was beginning to hurt. He had been typing for hours. He didn't know how he could play basketball that night. He thought he might need to see a doctor. He called and scheduled an appointment.
Kevin wanted to be on the soccer team. All summer he practiced the game on his own. He got sick of playing soccer so much! But all his hard work paid off. He made the soccer team in his high school!
Cody was a homeschooled child and very smart. He'd often finish his school work very quickly. So he'd quickly move onto his chores but also finished those quickly. His mom offered to give him more schoolwork or additional chores. Cody chose more chores and their house was always spotless.
Justin is a very charismatic man who loves women. He's not the monogamous type so he likes to date a lot of women. The women love him so much that they accept his terms. So for the past 6 years he has dated a lot of women with no problem. To current date Justin has had 3 girlfriends for 6 years straight.
Sam was feeling quite sad. He had recently broken up with his girlfriend. Sam decided to find another partner. He signed up for multiple online dating websites. Sam was able to find another girlfriend utilizing online dating.
Sam had a bad memory. He was always losing everything. He tried different techniques to make it better. Nothing seemed to work. Sam was constantly frustrated with himself.
We thought we saw something flying by. The next thing we know we saw a bat. We were able to isolate it to a room. We tried to think of the best way to trap it. We finally were able to catch it in a box.
Tom came home after a long road trip. When he unlocked the door of his house, he could hear a dripping noise Running inside, he saw the entire first floor of his house was wet. One of the pipes in his kitchen had burst, leaking water everywhere. Insurance covered the damage and he was able to get a new kitchen!
Tom was a great baseball player. He wanted to try something new, though. He gave basketball a try. He was decently good at that as well. Tom eventually stuck to baseball, though.
Paula was sitting at lunch. She was enjoying a turkey sandwich and fries. Then, she noticed that Nicole had no food. Nicole said that she didn't have any money. Paula decided to share lunch with the girl.
My daughter was going to a wedding last Monday. Her friend was pregnant. She was due in a week. She wanted to get married before the baby was born. She went into labor and gave birth the night of her wedding.
Susie went into the bathroom and brought her phone with her. When she was done she accidentally threw it in the toilet. When she looked in the bowl she was horrified. She had to take it out and clean it. But it did not work and it was broken for good.
My mom stopped by my house to visit me. I wasn't expecting her at all. My house at the time was very messy and I hadn't cleaned for days. My mom scolded me for an hour about acting like an adult. I'll never let my house get messy again.
My daughter saw the Blair Witch Project in 1999. She was only 13 and was scared by the movie. My neighbor heard about her fears. He put stones and rocks like those in the movie by our door. My daughter was not amused.
It was a very hot summer day. Ed was sweating profusely! He went to the town pool to cool off. There, he jumped in the water. He felt much better!
Ken bought a new pair of shoes. He was excited to wear them out. While walking around someone dropped paint on them. Ken tried to clean his shoes to no avail. They were completely ruined.
Rachel liked to play board games. One day Rachel got bored with her board games. She decided to invent her own board game. Her new board game was very successful. Now Rachel runs her own board game company.
Yesterday my boyfriend proposed. It was the cutest thing. He put the ring in a fortune cookie. When I opened it was was elated. It was a great movement.
The soccer team had finished their season. They had an end of the year banquet. The coach handed out awards. Tom won an award for most improved. They all got ribbons and a trophy.
A little girl was very excited to go back to school. The girl loved to read. She couldn't wait to meet new friends and have her own desk. Her mom took her school clothes shopping. The little girl picked out many outfits and a new pair of shoes.
Mike did not study for the test on Friday. He asked me if he could look off my test. I told him no. He looked off my test any way. Now he is suspended.
Anna had just had a baby. She wanted to breastfeed since it was natural. She tried, but the baby didn't latch on. Her nurse encouraged her to keep trying. Sure enough, the baby soon latched on securely!
Amanda's engagement ring was her prized possession. One day she realized it had become discolored. She immediately took the jewelry to a professional. Luckily, they were able to fix the discoloration. Soon, Amanda's ring was back to perfect condition quickly.
Tom was playing football in his neighbor's yard. Every neighborhood kid played the game. One day the ball went over another neighbor's fence. Tom climbed the fence and retrieved the ball. He was congratulated, thanked, and treated like a hero after that.
kyle's mom had been in the military and was very proud of it. She found her pet watermelon Mel in the corner of the garden. She painted eyes and a mouth onto her pet with the marker. Her grandmother gave her yarn to glue on for hair. Lucy hugged Me goodnight, and went inside to have dinner.
Sam loved to go to dance parties. He aspired to become a DJ one day. He bought himself a mixer and practiced everyday after school. He created remixes of all of his favorite songs. He eventually got really good and played at local venues.
Josh loved to dance growing up. Kids would make fun of him for being a dancer and a boy. Josh didn't care because he knew he loved it. He went to a dance school for college. Josh became a famous dancer.
Homer had always been a self-conscious person. He was very careful about how he looked. After his wife died he stopped caring. He let himself get fat and lazy. Now Homer only has memories of what he was.
Before the Mexican cartels there existed the Colombian cartels. They were ruthless and got their way through the greed of people. Pablo escobar was the main man behind these cartels at the time. In 1993 he was shot and killed and along with him the cartels died. They rose back to power with the Mexican cartels controlling the drugs.
Jim was excited to fly his model airplane for the first time. He took the plane to the park and set it flying. The weather was changing when the plane was high in the air. Jim tried to land the plane but the wind was too strong. The wind took the plane and blew it far away.
Sheena was looking for something new for her china cabinet. She bought a beautiful new vase for it. She put it in the cabinet and added some fake flowers. It was the perfect touch for that space! Sheena couldn't wait for people to see her new vase.
It was Sophie's first day of school. At first, no one would talk to her, but they kept staring at her. She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone. During her first class, she met a cool kid named Maria. Maria told her she was nervous, because it was her first day too.
Our 2 year old granddaughter Olivia has been in daycare for a year. Two months ago the teachers told her parents Olivia was bored. They promoted her to the next level, months in advance. Olivia missed her friends but soon became comfortable. Our daughter was very proud.
Chuck had a big track meet coming up, and wanted to get a medal. He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed. His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before. Eventually Chuck became incredibly fast. Chuck blew away his competitors at the meet and won the gold medal.
Gary loved cutting coupons. He collected them over time. When he finally went shopping he used them all. Gary would get a lot of things for a very low price. It motivated him to keep using coupons.
Sam went to the gas station. He went in to buy a few candy bars. The guy behind the register didn't give him enough change back. Sam noticed but didn't make a big deal about it. He figured it was just a few cents and an honest mistake.
Mom took me to the movies today. I was excited to go, I had never been before. We sat down with popcorn in front of the big screen. The sound was very loud. The whole experience was very thrilling.
The girl was working very hard. She was painting a nature scene. She used pastel colors. When she was finished, she stepped back and admired it. It was a work of art!
I was working on a presentation in my office for work. I needed to give a speech and decided to write post it notes. After finding index cards, I couldn't find any pens. I asked my friend if I could borrow one of his pens. He said yes, I finished writing my notes, and then returned the pen.
For an English assignment one evening, Doug had to write about a hero. Doug took some time before writing to consider such a figure. After some consideration, Doug knew exactly who to write about. He spent the evening writing about his hero. Doug's paper received a high mark, and his dad was very proud.
Brett threw a football in the air. It was approaching Diana. Brett told Diana to catch. When she turned around, the football landed on her forehead. She fell on the ground.
The coach made three men compete to be running back. The men tried their very hardest. The coach picked his running back. The other two felt that this was fair. The other two helped the coach with the running back's development.
Alan wanted to take his dog for a special day. It was his dog Otis' birthday. He loaded up the car with tennis balls and frisbees. Together, Otis and Alan played on the beach all day. They both returned home exhausted and took a nap on the couch.
Ida loved Harry Potter, so one weekend she invited her friends over. She set up a Harry Potter movie marathon. Over the weekends, they watched all eight of the Harry Potter movies. In between, they snacked on Harry Potter-themed snacks. Ida was so happy with her Harry Potter-themed weekend!
Tom wanted to get a new dog. He decided to go to the pound. There were several great choices. Tom had a hard time picking. Eventually he got the perfect companion.
Donna wanted to get married. She'd been waiting for three years for her boyfriend to propose. She decided to break up with him. Donna's boyfriend was sad and finally asked her to marry him. Now they've been married for thirty years!
Jude had a meeting with his boss. He thought he was in trouble. His boss brought him into his office. He had Jude sit down. He gave Jude a promotion.
Neil had been traveling through Ireland. Then a friend told him he had to visit Northern Ireland. Neil hadn't even known it was a separate country! He went there and learned all about its rich history. He was so glad he had discovered such a wonderful country!
Henrietta never got her ears pierced as a child. She decided to get them pierced and went to the mall. Henrietta got them pierced and went home. She did not follow the instructions of the store and the holes closed. Henrietta had to get them pierced again.
Susan rented a stall for her horse. The owner of the stall fed the horse some cheese. The horse got sick from the cheese. Susan confronted the stall owner. The stall owner gave Susan a refund for one month.
John had a fight with his dad. He sulked all day in school about it. Then he came home and apologized. John had decided never to fight with his dad again. His dad happily accepted John's apology.
Our cat sleeps with us at night. She lies down between us. One morning I woke up and felt something sharp. One of her nails had fallen off near my foot. Luckily I was not injured.
Sally didn't have any clean clothes to wear. She had to do the laundry. She drove to her local laundromat. She read a book while she waited for her clothes. She put on fresh clothes and went out with her friends after.
Amy had eaten a sandwich at a friend Lynn's house. The lunch meat was only for her friends dad. She apologized, and offered to replace it. Lynn's mom offered to pay, if the girls walked to the store. Amy was relieved to have the issue resolved.
Nadia needed new ballet shoes. Her old shoes were beginning to fall apart. This was affecting her dancing. Her father lent her the money for shoes. After her first dance show, she paid him back.
I was playing a video game on my PC. I became frustrated and threw my keyboard. I broke several keys and decided to buy a new keyboard. I drove to the store and found a nice looking replacement. I brought it to the clerk and purchased the new keyboard.
Kelly got a new iPhone. She filled it with all kinds of games and apps. When she was done, she had no space left. Kelly then had to delete many apps. At the end she had half the space left.
Bruce wanted to sprint for the school's track team. At the time he was a bit too slow and always came in last. He took a year and worked on his speed and diet. The following season Bruce joined track. He ended up being the fastest sprinter on the team.
Mackenzie was a baby-sitter. One mom wanted to work out at the gym. Her baby was too shy to stay in the day-care. So Mackenzie offered to sit with the baby at the gym. She got paid really well for the job.
The last time I saw Robin was in 2006. She had just turned 36 years old. She had severe kidney disease. She was using a walker and was on dialysis. She died 3 months later.
Matthew was wanting to get a new Iphone 7. His friend asked him why. He said because of innovation. His friend said just don't use the earphone jack and it's the same. Matthew thought about it and had to agree.
Esther was on her way to downtown LA. She took the wrong exit a little too east, ending up in Compton. She was clearly lost. Esther was just way too stubborn to ask for directions. So now she lives with Ray J in a Trap House.
Fred always played music really loud. And he thought everyone else liked the music he listened to. So he never bothered to use headphones. But one day, his neighbor complained. But Fred insulted him for not liking the music.
Lucy had just made a chicken sandwich. She was about to eat when she was distracted. She laid her sandwich down and ran upstairs. When she came back down, her sandwich was gone. Then she noticed her dog eating her sandwich.
John's alarm did not wake him up and he was not late for work. John got up and got ready fast. His morning became worse because the freeway had traffic. John arrived to work a hour and half late. His boss gave him a warning and John was never late again.
Ed finally got a credit card. He went shopping the day it arrived in the mail. He bought a new sound system, some video games and some clothing. He was delighted with all his new stuff. Until the bill came and he realized it was time to pay for everything.
Ken was at a party. They had a punch bowl. He thought it would be funny to add alcohol to it. Everyone noticed right away and was upset. Ken was kicked out.
The man cared for his yard a lot. He saw a bunch of mushrooms growing near his deck! He bought sprays to deal with the problem. He didn't want anything messing up his beautiful lawn. Within a week, the mushrooms were gone.
Martin lost his car in a pretty bad wreck last year. His injuries had healed, but now he needed transportation. The community came together to raise funds for a new vehicle. Moved by the gesture, the dealer offered to give the car away. The money and car were given to Martin, who thanked everyone.
Mable wanted to make something for me to eat. She asked me if I preferred an omelette or a sandwich. I thought about that for a few moments and decided on a sandwich. So then I asked her if she would make me a ham on rye. She said that would be fine and made me a scrumptious ham on rye.
The Levins owned a small corner store. They were struggling financially. On the day of the blizzard they didn't have enough money to get home. They were the only store open. They made more than enough money to take a cab whenever they wanted!
Kitty was working out at the gym. She noticed that a man was looking at her. She smiled to herself and kept running on the treadmill. The man told her her nose was running. She gasped and wiped her nose.
Selma positively loved roller blading as a means of travel. It was how she got to school at her college. One day one of her friends made fun of her for roller blading. Selma phased out spending time with that friend from then on. Selma continued gleefully skating to her classes.
Bill sat at his computer all day. But he never bothered to sit correctly. He ignored his back and neck pain until it became serious. And he had to go to a chiropractor. But Bill always sat correctly afterwards.
Tom went to the bar with friends. He was lonely and got drunk. Tom kept trying to hit on girls at the bar. He was too drunk and kept slurring his words. Eventually his friends had to take him home.
Sarah and I visited her ancient Grandmother. The house was very grand. They had a butler. At dinner the butler was called by pushing a button on the floor. He served us hot dogs for dinner.
Tyler was getting constant indigestion from his poor diet. He decided to buy some medicine to help it. He also cut down on food that might cause indigestion. After a few weeks, Tyler's indigestion went away. But he went back to eating junk food.
Diana did not believe in vaccines. She decided to not vaccinate her child. Her child went to school. Another child had the disease. So her child got very sick.
Today I start my new job in telephone customer service. Before my shift started my coworker asked what name i would use. It never occurred to me to pick out an alias. What would I use Amber, no to common, Bambi, No to ditsy. Ava, its short and ecotic enough to be interesting.
Lacey and Johnny wanted to see a lion. They asked their parents if they could go to the circus. Their parents agreed. Lacey and Johnny saw five lions. They thanked their parents for allowing them to go.
Rick was late for school. So he was eating breakfast as fast as possible. He nearly choked on his food. And it delayed him even further. Rick decided to be more careful next time even if he was late.
Stephen called his insurance agent to make a claim. The agent explained the process. Stephen followed the process correctly. His claim was denied. Stephen should have called GEICO.
Jack didn't like the food in the school cafeteria. He asked his mom to pack his lunch. Jack began to bring his lunch to school. One day, there was pizza in the cafeteria. Jack wished he hadn't brought his lunch.
When I was sixteen my dad made arrangements to a new room. He said this was going to be a man cave. He brought in a new flat screen tv. He also set up some chairs. This ended up being my favorite room.
Ally decided to take the stairs at her work. She was carrying a lot of files and her hands were full. When she was almost at the bottom, she fell. Ally sprained her ankle. She couldn't go back to work for a week.
Freddy was a homeless man in my home town. He had a drinking problem and lost everything. Freddy found shelter and help from a local church. The church helped Freddy get on the right path. Freddy is now sober and repairing his life.
Neil was visiting Hungary. His first stop was the capital, Budapest. There, he admired the architecture. He also enjoyed the yummy street food. Neil thought Budapest was a charming city!
The girl tried on a bathing suit. She felt like it was too revealing. She asked for something with more material. The store owner brought her a one piece swimsuit. The girl felt more comfortable in that swimsuit.
Al worked at a haunted attraction. He enjoyed scaring the customers. One day he terrified a young girl. The girl ran out crying. Al's boss told him to tone it down a bit.
The team had practiced for weeks. Finally, their first game was here! They gathered on the field and listened to their coach. They were pumped up and ready to go! The team played well and won by five goals!
Carol went to the concert with her friend Amethyst. They snuck backstage together to get a look at Jack White. Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall. It shattered into a million pieces. Amethyst picked up a piece and together the two girls ran away.
Nina caught a turtle at the pond. She brought it home to be her pet turtle. But then her brother taught her about turtles. Nina decided to set her turtle free. She didn't want to be a cruel captor!
Dave is a rock star. One day he fell off the stage while he was performing. Medics rushed him off and treated him for a broken leg. He returned to the stage to finish the show. His road crew built him a throne to sit on for the rest of the tour.
Maria wore a beautiful new yellow hat with large borders. She received many compliments and felt very feminine wearing it. When a gust of wind pushed the hat in the gutter, she run after it. She retrieved it and saw it was soiled beyond washing. She had to throw it away and go on without a hat.
Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online. His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor. Virgil bought some fabric and had it reupholstered. His wife complained again, saying bright green still clashed. Virgil gave up and threw the recliner away.
The other day I went to the movies with some friends. We could not decide which movie we wanted to see. So we decided to flip a coin. That was a terrible idea, because I lost the coin flip. We didn't see the movie I wanted to but at least I was with some pals.
My son helped prep our place for carpet cleaning. He lifted a heavy ottoman off the carpet. He also moved lamps and other objects. He did in 30 minutes what we would have done in 2 hours. We were grateful.
Sam got home early from work one day. He noticed his neighbor was over. His wife was shocked and admitted to cheating. Sam was distraught. He kicked them both out and filed for a divorce.
Kylie was always a responsible teenager. One night though, she decided to sneak out with her friends. Their car broke down miles away from home. Kylie was forced to call her parents to come get her. Now Kylie is grounded for a whole month.
I decided to start eating a healthy diet. I wrote a grocery list and headed for the store. I bought lots of organic food and fresh produce. I glimpsed some cupcakes as I was walking past the bakery section. As soon as I got home I baked and ate homemade chocolate cupcakes.
I was walking in the desert. I saw vultures circling in the sky. I began to get very scared. I saw them swoop down fast. It turns out they were trying to eat the dead animal behind me.
Ana's friend convinced her to join a dance class. At first she was apprehensive. She thought she would look silly. But then she started dancing and having fun. Soon all of Ana's nerves disappeared!
Trish was happy to have both of her daughter's home at once. She decided tonight would be a good night to put up the christmas tree. Everyone helped getting the tree up and decorated. They worked together until it was beautiful. Trish went to bed very happy that night.
Hailie's favorite fall activity was to go apple picking. Her mom drove her to the local orchard. Hailie picked some Macintosh first. Then she decided to pick some Gala apples. She filled her bag all the way up to the top.
Ken took a trip to Scotland. He saw many people playing bagpipes wearing kilts. He thought they looked majestic and bought one before he left. He wore his new kilt to school but people laughed at him. Ken was so embarrassed he never wore it again.
The cookies began to rise in the oven. They smelled heavenly, of cinnamon. She thought they looked a little too big. She pulled them out and laughed at how huge they were. She had used too much baking soda.
Ben was running alongside the old creek bank. He was trying to build up his confidence. Finally he was ready. He started running straight ahead. He leaped and soared over the creek landing on the other side.
Kate bought her kids' school supplies. Her son picked out a Pokemon folder than he loved. He could hardly wait to start school so he could use it! He carefully loaded it into his backpack and then carried it to school. He knew it would be a great year with such a great folder!
Tyler had hundreds of old family photographs. They were all prints. He wanted to make them digital. He purchased a scanner on the internet. Tyler scanned in all of the old photos.
The man was a great hunter. He bought a new gun for deer hunting. It cost a lot of money, so he hoped it would be worth it. The first time he used it, he got a huge buck. The man was happy with his purchase.
Paula was getting ready for a big date. She met a rich man and was trying to marry him. She put on her favorite perfume to seduce the man. The perfume was a success and the guy proposed. Paula will now live a life of luxury.
I went on vacation last week. I took my daughter with me. We visited some friends upstate. We visited the city while we were there. We had such a good time.
A little baby was growing up. The parents taught him colors. They showed him different colors. They said what they were called. The baby began to say them.
The man stretched his back. He felt a sharp pain. He laid on the bed. The pain intensified. The man yelled out for help.
Frank had a hard time keeping up with his socks. Every time he did laundry, he would lose some socks. Frank went to the store to buy more socks. The next time Frank did laundry, some of the new socks were lost. Frank learned to be content wearing mismatched socks.
Hector was teaching his son to fly kites at the beach. He run very fast trying to catch the wind. His kid was running next to him cheering him along. When Hector tripped on a shell, the kite fell down. So his kid took over and made the kite fly high again.
Jan went to lunch with Kim. They enjoyed their lunch and Jan paid the 17 dollar tab. Walking out there was a 20 dollar bill lying in the parking lot. No one was around so Kim picked it up. Handing the bill to Jan, Kim said that lunch was on her.
Matt was hungry. He was on line at burger king. Suddenly the power went off. They had to close it down. Matt did not get food.
Tim was very skinny. He did not have muscles like the other guys. He decided to do 50 push ups a day. It was hard work. Finally after three months, he had muscles.
Sharon had a beautiful blue backpack that she loved. She kept all of her homework in there. One day, she sat next to someone on the bus who had the same backpack. When she got to class to turn in her homework, it wasn't in her bag! She had grabbed the wrong backpack off of the bus!
Rick was required to take a computer programming class. But he never had any talent in math or science. However, he saw beauty in well organized code. And programming became an obsession to him. Rick felt proud when his teacher complimented his well organized code.
Jim always cheated at basketball. And he always tried to rationalize his actions. One day, he took too many steps without dribbling the ball. And he knocked someone over while going for a dunk. Later, someone threw the ball at his face and he had trouble seeing.
It was the first day of December! It snowed ten feet! My kids ran outside to enjoy the snow. They built a snowman. Alas, the neighbor's kids destroyed the snowman.
Jack and Jane brought their infant to the mall in December. The mall Santa was taking pictures with the attendees. The parents decided it would be cute to take a picture. When it was their turn, the baby ripped off the Santa's beard. Everyone had a good laugh.
In 2002 I went to a concert given by the Boston Symphony Orchestra. I had a beer in the lounge before the concert. During the performance I had to use the restroom. The usher would not let me back into the hall. I listened to the end of the performance through the door.
Shawn was trying to work. For some reason his neck was killing him. He tried to ignore it but it was too distracting. He decided to go take a hot shower. Luckily, the shower made his neck feel better.
Maxine always wanted to be the first female astronaut. She studied and worked hard on it every day. But she was told that she couldn't because of her gender. That didn't stop her though, and she continued to work hard. And now we see her plaque, as the first female astronaut.
Harry was part of the school can drive. Harry went door to door collecting cans. No one had cans to give away! Harry realized that this was because it was a poor neighborhood. He had the can drive director donate cans to his neighborhood.
Andrew was very dedicated and hardworking. He had a solid five-year plan worked out for himself. Two Year's in, he realized that he didn't like his job. He threw out his five-year plan and started work on a new one. Andrew became less rigid about his planning after that.
Lucretia has been up all night writing a paper for her class. She finally finishes. However, she notices she has no paper to print it. She goes to the store to buy some paper. Finally Lucretia prints the paper for her class.
Chad wanted to replace the granite on his island in the kitchen. Chad went to the home improvement store for an idea. Chad was instantly drawn to the reclaimed wood counter top. Chad loved the contract it would provide in his kitchen. Chad decided he would purchase the reclaimed wood counter top.
Gary is out trick or treating with his friends. Gary arrives at this one spooky house with skeletons. Gary is scared of the skeletons but he notices something else. He see's a ghost walk cross the yard. Gary freaks out and runs home.
Aya ordered a well done pizza. But when it arrived, she was shocked. The pizza was burned black! She called the store and complained about the pizza. Soon they had a fresh pizza delivered to her.
Mike was purchasing groceries in the checkout line. After every item was scanned, he began to swipe his card. After entering the pin, the card was declined. Mike called his debit card company and fixed the problem. He then re-entered his pin and successfully bought his food.
Louis was traveling down the road. His car started to make a noise. He decided to check it out. He looked on the back of his car. He was shocked to see that a nail flatten his tire.
Trish was sick of being afraid all the time in her own house. Every night, she heard howling noises and clanking chains from above. She was going to put those ghosts to rest, today, once and for all. Trish climbed the flimsy pull-down attic stairs. Laughing in relief, she closed the attic window and secured the chain.
David liked Jane. Jane liked poetry. David wrote a poem for Jane. Jane didn't like the poem. Jane spent time teaching David about poetry.
Mel and Joe needed curtains for their new apartment. Mel and Joe didn't have money to buy any curtains. Mel searched the apartment for something to hang in the window. All she found was her pillow case. Mel decided to just go without a pillow case.
Every time Jan and Susan went out to lunch, Susan showed up late. Jan was tired of waiting, and cross that her friend was disrespectful. The next time, she told Susan to meet her at noon at the restaurant. Jan wrote 12:30 pm in her own calendar, so she didn't have to wait. It was a smart solution, and they were able to remain friends!
Gary was now the new district manager for his local McDonald's. Gary asked the employees for better suggestions for the business. Gary noticed that most were for more communication from management. Gary decided to implement a open door policy with all employees. Gary was glad that he was able to listen to his employee's.
Yesterday I went to a taco truck. I ordered three different spicy tacos. Yet unfortunately I had to wait about twenty minutes for them. Finally the tacos came. The wait was worth it.
Cassidy was playing laser tag with some friends. For some reason, her gun stopped working. She tried her best to get it to work again. As she tried to fix it, time ran out. She didn't even get a chance to play before time ran out.
Brad was hoping to meet new friends so he joined a library book club. He was feeling very nervous when he walked in, but everyone was nice. A guy named John offered for Brad to sit next to him. By the end of the evening Brad was feeling happy and comfortable. He can't wait until next week!
Chris loved animals very much. He wanted his mom to take him to the zoo. But they lived over an hour from any zoo, and gas was very expensive. Then his mom had a great idea. She took Chris to the pet store and let him see dozens of animals!
Susan's friends all liked to play tennis. Susan did not know how. Susan took tennis lessons all winter. She became a good tennis player. Susan had fun playing tennis with her friends all summer!
Lebron James is known as The King. He plays professional basketball for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Lebron just signed a three year contract extension. He will be paid 100 million dollars over the next three years. That makes him the highest player in the NBA.
When I was a toddler my dad would put me to bed. Before we said goodnight, he would read me a story. Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own. I went to school one day and showed my abilities. My teachers were astounded that I could read at so young.
There was nothing Jim liked to eat more than granola bars. Crunchy, chewy, sweet, savory - he liked them all. One day the worst happened - he was out of granola bars! His stomach rumbled as he desperately searched through the cupboard. To his relief he found one at last, hiding behind his box of granola.
The man swung a bat. She missed the ball. The man helped her practice swinging. She got another chance at bat. She hit a double into midfield.
Walter was always a scrawny kid. When he got to high school, he started lifting weights everyday. Three years later, Walter decided to enter a weightlifting contest. None of his old friends could believe it. Walter went from a scrawny kid to a professional bodybuilder.
Abraham used to bully every day until I stopped him. He followed me to and from school every day. He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day. No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot Abraham dead. Now I am labeled a murderer but I call it self defense.
Jose wanted to exercise more. He felt unhappy with how little energy he had. He decided to do something about it. He changed his diet and signed up to a local gym. Jose now has more energy and happiness that he longed for.
I was minding my own business and taking a shower. When I look down towards the ground I noticed something. The drain had a couple hairs sticking out. Then, I realize it wasn't hairs, but legs. A spider came out of the drain and I screamed.
John noticed feeling sluggish at work. It usually came on him in the afternoons. John started bringing an energy drink to work. He would drink it every day around 1 PM. Soon, John noticed that the sluggishness went away completely.
Hannah went to the local supermarket. She purchased a waffle maker from the clearance sale. She placed a cold waffle on the device at home. When the waffle maker heated the waffle, it completely cooked it. The outer layers were extra crispy.
When I was a kid, I loved school. I was good at most subjects, including math and English. I competed in the Spelling Bee every year, including in 5th grade. I was doing really well, until it was me and a close friend left. Unfortunately, I misspelled my final word and lost.
Hank took a long plane flight to Australia. Because he sat for most of the trip, he got a pulmonary embolism. When the plane landed Hank was rushed to the hospital. Hank survived, but he spent his entire trip in the hospital. Hank now tells everyone that his was probably his worst vacation.
Caleb was drinking water from his bottle. He squirted it at a classmate and laughed. The classmate wasn't amused. They turned around and punched him in the face. Caleb went to the nurse for his wounds.
Bart put food coloring in his dad's drink in secret. His dad looked at his green beer. He shrugged his shoulders. He drank the beer in six gulps. Bart's dad was less thirsty.
Harold struggled with drinking. He sought out help. He went to meetings. He felt more confidence. He doesn't drink anymore.
Dan opened the lattice door to get access under the porch. He ducked his head and crouched to get through the opening. Just as he looked up he saw a dark body rustling under the leaves. With a rush of adrenaline, he scrambled away from the opening. His fright ebbed when he realized it was just a small garter snake.
Amy wasn't getting enough hours at work. When she asked her boss told her there were no more to give. Amy chose this job over a similar one at a different store. Had she known she wouldn't have hours she would have taken the other. Amy knew she had made the wrong choice.
Eric was going to college. Eric liked bean bags. Eric needed a place to sit in his dorm. So he asked for a Love Sack bean bag. His parents then got him a bean bag for his dorm.
Dave went to private school. He had a nice clean uniform. He went to play in the dirty playground. There was a lot of mud. So at the end of the day, he got mud all over his uniform.
Sally got a new microphone for her birthday. She started singing into the microphone straight away. After three hours, she started to lose her voice. She had to put the microphone away until the next day. When she woke up in the morning she had her voice back again.
Charles stayed up all night on an assignment. Before he knew it the sun came up. He decided to go to the grocery store to get food. While there he decided to get beer also. He drank the morning after a hard workday.
Scott loved sea creatures. One weekend he paid a visit to a local aquarium. He saw bright, vibrant tropical fish that enchanted him. A marine biologist was caring for them. Scott decided to spend his life studying marine biology.
One day Noel was in charge of helping to prepare dinner. He has a very short attention span so he kept running back and forth. He would go outside and talk and laugh and return and then leave again. It took him 30 minutes to chop an onion. As a result, dinner was always later on the days he helped out.
Sandy was driving to meet her sister. Sandy decided to send text messages to several friends. At that moment, Sandy hit the trunk of a tree. Sandy was startled, but ok. Sandy realized that she could have died trying to send text messages.
Ava had money in a savings account. It was not earning any interest. Then her banker suggested she move the money to a CD account. Ava agreed, and switched the funds into the CD. Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money!
Margaret's class was collecting box tops for their school. If they could get enough box tops, they would win a pizza party. The class hadn't collected enough and time was running out. Margaret went through her neighborhood asking for box tops. Thanks to her work, the class was able to collect enough.
Eva was sixteen and had never been pierced. She decided to get her ears pierced. She went to the mall with her friends. They held her hand while the piercer pierced her ears. To her surprise, it barely even hurt!
Betty was moving to a new apartment today. She had everything packed and was waiting on a friend. The friend showed up with a big truck. They both loaded everything into the truck and moved downtown. Betty was happy as she slept in her new apartment.
It was hard working for the railroad company. Thomas enjoyed the work though. He had always loved trains since he was young. Working for the railroad was a dream of his. Thomas was living out his dream and he felt very fulfilled.
Carla was learning about history. She was most interested in Native American history. She liked to explore the teepee at the museum. She pretended to be a Native American. She made a teepee at her house to play in.
Jim felt that he had small biceps. His coworkers even made fun of his biceps. Jim decided to get bigger biceps. He went to the gym for a few months and did bicep curls. Eventually, Jim had the biggest biceps out of all his coworkers.
Cody wanted a new video game that just came out. He looked into his wallet to see how much money he had. Unfortunately, he only had $5 and that wasn't enough. He remembered he could trade in old games for new ones. He gathered up 10 video games and traded it in for 1 new video game.
George Bush declared war on Iraq. We invaded Iraq in 2002. George Bush declared victory after we captured Saddam Hussein. The war continued long after his presidency. The war is still going on.
Carlos is moving his stuff into a new apartment. His neighbor holds the door. Carlos thinks his new neighbor is very cute. Then he sees her give another man a hug. Carlos is disappointed his neighbor isn't single.
I've been sitting at my computer all day. My feet are starting to swell. They look like balloons. I have trouble moving them around right now. I am drinking water to combat it.
Janice and Alma were two friends who went out to eat one day. They went to an Italian restaurant and ordered pizza and pasta. There they began to eat but saw a guy sitting alone by himself. Janice said hi to him and they started talking. Eventually, the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together.
Alyssa strolled out of the house with a straw basket. She picked her Easter eggs one by one. She preferred the yellow looking ones and picked those first. She then picked the blue, the pink and the red ones. At the end, her basket was full of colorful eggs.
I went to the gym yesterday to relieve stress. The day before I was in a stress overload. When I went to the gym I did cardio. Instantly I felt better. I went back the next day.
The man was crowned king. He made many unpopular decisions. His staff began to hate him. He was murdered in the night. His brother became king.
Tom had been training for a marathon. He had been working out hard every day. He felt he could do really well in it. One day he was out when someone asked him how it went. Tom got the day wrong and missed it.
This morning I was running late to work. I sped through a yellow light on the way. A policeman pulled me over. Nervously, I handed him my license and registration. When he saw it was my birthday he gave me a warning and let me go.
I found that my son had multiple special needs. He required constant supervision and treatment. I loved him with all my heart, but I felt trapped. We moved from Fort Smith to Memphis for better treatment. I was focused only on helping my son.
Jeff's family left for a vacation while he had to stay home to work. Each day they sent him pictures and called him. He was left to stay with the dogs and do chores around the house. They saw the Grand Canyon and went swimming. They returned home and Jeff was ready for them to leave again.
Warren usually loves wearing a casual shirt and jeans. However, today he has an important job interview. Warren decides to dress in a suit for the interview. It takes him a long time to get his necktie knotted. When he is dressed, he feels great in his formal business suit.
Colleen was jealous of her friend's new Pokemon card. When her friend wasn't looking, she took it. She ran back home to hide it. Her friend confronted her about the missing cad. Colleen lied so she could keep it.
Fred was going to propose to Sophie. He knew exactly how to do it. But he was going to surprise her. She had no idea. When he popped the question she was shocked.
Connie had an accident at work and hurt her leg badly. After multiple surgeries and infections, it was amputated. In the beginning, she was very sad about it. After the surgery had healed, she began physical therapy. She did great and eventually got a prosthetic leg!
Mary misplaced her car keys. Mary left late for work. The highway out there only had light traffic. There was a parking spot right near the front. Mary arrived at work on time.
Amy was in an 800 meter race. She was with the pack for the first lap. Then after 500 meters her head started to sway. She had won the other day. But this time she came in third.
Sam had to have an xray. He was told to be extremely still. The x ray showed a compound fracture. Sam then had to have his bone set and get a cast. He was out for the rest of the season.
Gabby was blowing bubbles on the carport. She knocked down the bottle of bubble solution. Gabby didn't clean up the mess the bubbles made. Gabby's dad walked onto the carport. He fell in the bubbles.
Toby wanted to learn programming. Toby read a lot of tutorials online. He started practicing making videogames for fun. Toby used his skills to make a very fun game. Toby became famous because of his game!
Beverly lost her sim card. She decided to buy new one. When she turn on the phone someone texted her. She was confused because her sim card is new. Then she realized it was the seller of sim card who texted her.
Kevin was a father who didn't get a chance to see his daughter often. One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country. She wasn't very happy to see him because he was gone a lot. However one day she got in trouble and Kevin rescued her. After that Kevin and his daughter had a very close relationship.
Laura was feeling extremely thirsty. All she had on her was some chocolate. Laura then ran into her friend, Katherine. Katherine held a bottle of water and was known to have a sweet tooth. The two friends decided to trade their items.
John was at his desk. He tried to open his drawer to get a pen. The drawer was stuck. John pulled harder and harder. Finally the drawer opened and John got his pen.
Kelly lived alone in her apartment. One night, she heard a very loud bang. When Kelly looked outside she saw all kinds of flashes and lightning. She went out onto her patio and stood in the rain. Kelly smiled because she loves awesome thunderstorms.
John really wanted to learn the Russian language. John bought materials and began studying. John watched Russian movies without subtitles. John spent a month living in Russia. Now John is fluent in the Russian language.
Ellie and Joe went to the casino on their anniversary. Joe played the slots while Ellie went to the restroom. Suddenly, Joe heard a loud ringing noise. Joe had won five thousand dollars! Joe was excited to tell Ellie as she returned.
In the hot summer months nothing soothes Tam's thirst like green tea. She was at the store to purchase a drink one day and saw mango tea. Tam was excited to try something new that would quench her thirst! Now whenever the weather is hot she craves a mango green tea. For Tam nothing beats a hot day and a cold glass of iced mango heaven!
For Lisa's wedding she needed flowers. When she found out the flowers were so expensive, she decided on silk. She out the flowers up. She thought no one would notice. Unfortunately a lot of people did.
John wanted to buy a laptop. John browsed the market for computers. John decided that RAM capacity was most important. He found a laptop with 8GB of RAM. John bought the 8GB RAM laptop and loved it.
Darcy had been asked out on a date. She was supposed to meet him at the theater. She stood there for almost an hour. Soon, she realized that her date wasn't going to show up. When she got home, she found out that it had been a mean joke.
Craig and Gina had a teenage daughter. They felt they had grown distant from their baby girl. They felt like she was always keeping secrets from them. They went in her room and read her diary while she was at school. They broke her trust and found out she was being completely honest.
Albert was a weight loss guru. Millions had bought his books and believed in his vision. Albert devoured many, many calories for Thanksgiving. He got on the treadmill to run them off. He died of a heart attack on the last mile.
It was the day of the spelling bee. I was very sick and had been for weeks. I went to see the nurse because I was vomiting. She told me I couldn't go home because of the spelling bee. My teacher got angry and sent me home instead.
I went to see the doctor. He looked at my legs. He told me to decrease sodium in my diet. He gave me a prescription for pills. I have to take them every day to get rid of the swelling.
Tim graduated from high school. Tim's friends mostly went to college but he didn't want that. Tim went to a trade school. There, Tim learned how to write computer code. Now Tim is a leading mobile app developer.
Lea was excited to go to her first football party today at Joe's. Joe laid out many snacks and had his nice TV out for everyone. Lea sat on the couch and ate lots of potato chips while watching. To Lea's delight, her team was winning the game. At the end of the game, everyone cheered.
Steve was concerned because his bills were piling up. He went to an adviser to help him straighten out his finances. The adviser was able to sort through Steve's bills and develop a plan. The adviser put Steve on a strict budget and organized his payments. Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free.
Recently Tom felt constantly exhausted by his job. He requested a week off for relaxation. Tom's boss approved his request. Tom relaxed for the entire week. When Tom arrived back at work he felt rejuvenated.
Michelle and Sally went out the local bar. They told their husbands they would be home in a few hours. They had so much to drink and were so drunk they lost track of time. The bar tender announced last call. Michelle and Sally realized they were in trouble with their husbands.
Leo was a very poor man. He often  begged on the side of the street for food. One day he see's a man walk by. He drops a lottery ticket at his feet. Leo collects it and turns out to be the winner.
Karen had a vintage TV that kept malfunctioning. Karen saw that there was a sale on TV sets at the store. Karen decided that it was time to buy a new one. She ended up buying the biggest one in the store. She installed it at home and enjoyed watching her favorite movies.
Kate was looking at her fashion magazine. She saw a picture she liked and decided to draw it. She spent 2 hours working on her sketch. She was glad of how the image turned out. She had a slice of cake and admired her hard work.
Timmy is going to have a new baby sister. He wants to name her Emily. His mom told him she already picked a name. Timmy's sister's middle name is now Emily. His mom did use the name he picked after all.
David and Katie had been having problems. Katie finally decided she'd had enough. She told him to move his stuff out. He got mad and broke her favorite vase. Katie knew she'd made the right decision.
The entomologist was counting some beetles in one of his tanks. He counted forty beetles. He carefully noted any oddities about the beatles. He did this so much that he could tell each beetle apart. He decided to name all forty beetles.
John was at a bar. He ordered a few beers. John decided he had had enough. He called a cab. The cab brought John back to his house.
While his friends play outside, Will plays inside on his computer. Will has entered a video game tournament and knows he can win. Before each game, Will thinks about everyone who doubted him. However, doubt servers as Will's fuel. Will swoops his competition and wins like he knew he could.
Janice came into her new chemistry class. She sat in the front to allow her to hear the professor properly. A strange person sat next to her and said hi. She was familiar with the person and asked who he is. He said that he used to be a good high school friend of hers.
Billy was feeling tired and had to get up to go to school. On the way to school Billy stopped by the local convenience store. As Billy entered he noticed an advertisement for an energy drink. Billy decided to buy the energy drink for himself. Billy swallowed the energy drink contents and felt awake for school.
Leslie recently got a rescue dog. The dog was scared of other dogs because it had been bitten once. Leslie wanted to make her dog happy by finding it a playmate. After a lot of trial and error the dog finally warmed up to a puppy. The two dogs have played together daily ever since.
Jerry got a new car. He took it for a long drive. He was having a lot of fun. A cop pulled him over for speeding. Now Jerry drives more carefully.
Kathy and her husband went on vacation. They loved the outdoors. So they chose Alaska for their trip. They fished for 3 days while there. She brought home 20 lbs of salmon.
Jim had his dog Sammy since he was a kid. He knew Sammy was getting older and declining in health. The vet gave Jim bad news one visit. Jim spent every moment he could with Sammy at that point. Three months later Jim's best friend was no more.
He always hated climbing rope in gym class. As a kid he finagled an excuse to get out of gym class. While the other kids were climbing ropes he was playing video games. He thought he was very clever back then. But as he hung from a cliff by a vine he marveled at the irony.
Mike bought a new television. They offered him an extended warranty. He declined it. Within a year of having it the television broke. Luckily the factory warranty still covered it.
I carried a pocket watch in college. My friend thought it was interesting. She asked me to buy one for her boyfriend. He did not find it interesting, and did not wear it. They broke up by the end of the school year.
One day I played chess with my friend Max. We started playing at 11 PM. The game went on until 1:30 AM. At one point Max's 2 year old woke up and cried. After the interruption, I lost the game.
Lisa had to make a speech in front of her whole school. She was very nervous. She hated public speaking! But she rehearsed a lot and did her best. Lisa ended up giving a great speech!
Eric was looking forward to his vacation from work. Every year, he took almost the whole month of December off. Finally, it was December 4th, his last day for the year. He spent a lot of time that day preparing things for his absence. He left the building whistling a tune, excited to go home and rest.
Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents. When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically. Kelly was scared. Yet thankfully by the time they ate, they liked him. Kelly was thankful her parents didn't hate him.
Nancy had been unhappy in her marriage for many Year's. She knew it was time for a change, but she was afraid of being alone. Finally Nancy decided to divorce her husband. It was hard on both of them, but in the end it was the right thing. Now alone, Nancy is happy that she is no longer with her ex husband.
Bill was very athletic and stronger than most men around. He wanted to be a firefighter. Bill thought he could pass the test with no prior training. He failed and started training for six months non stop. When he took the test again, he passed with flying colors.
Tina was unhappy with her marriage. There was always fighting. Tina did not know what to do. She then decided to go to therapy. Tina then realized they didn't need a divorce.
It was girl's night out and Tammy was ready to party. She had a new dress she was meaning to wear. She prepared her make up for hours. Later that night she met up with her friends. They all commented on how pretty she looked.
John ran to find his dog. His dog was trapped in the river. John alertly called for his father. His father helped John rescue his dog. John's dog was very happy to be safe from the river.
John was a mediocre golfer. He decided to practice golfing so he tried difficult course. He hit the ball with his driver sending it far. The ball landed next to the hole and slowly inched toward it. It fell in right after, John was ecstatic.
Mindy came to work tired after pulling an all-nighter. As soon as she sat in her box office, she fell asleep. Her boss noticed her. He knocked on her desk to wake her up. Since she couldn't stay up, he released her from the job.
Tom had enough of Tammy stalking him. Every time he turned around, she was watching him. As his landlord, she had the keys to his apartment. Tammy in his bathroom while he showered was the final straw. He went down to the court and took out a restraining order on her.
Rex had always wanted to play hockey. He decided that he first needed to learn to skate. He practiced skating every day until he was an expert. Finally Rex was able to begin playing hockey. He felt very proud to be a hockey player.
I went to school with new shoes on. Everyone made fun of my shoes because they were cheap. I decided to hide in the classroom closet until school ended. My teacher found me hiding. She explained that it is the inside that counts, not the outside.
My friend gave me a wind chime. I hung it up in my backyard. At night, the wind chime would play. It would remind me of horror movies so I would get terrified. I decided to throw the wind chime away.
I changed my computer background. I wanted something light and girly. I wanted something that didn't remind me of my husband. I chose a pink background with sparkles. I set it to my background and lock screen.
Harry drilled a hole in the ice. He sat on a bucket and put his line in. He waited for a fish, patiently. He finally got a bite! He reeled in a giant sturgeon.
Houston was a big black guy. He intimidated everyone, but one day he was beat up. Houston's neighbor complained his mailbox had been broken into. The neighbor caught Houston prying open the neighbor's mailbox. The neighbor told the other tenants and one hit Houston in his face.
Sam loved using his new trampoline. But over time, he tried to do more and more dangerous things on it. He one day, he tried to do a backflip. But he ended up in the hospital. And he never used his trampoline after that.
Matt had a favorite shirt. One day a wine glass spilled near Matt. Wine got all over his favorite shirt. He went to the store and bought a new shirt. He was happy with his new shirt.
Billy was hoping that his mom would take him out for dinner. He was thinking about how yummy a pizza sounded. Later that night his mom asked if he would like pizza. Billy couldn't believe it! He felt so happy to have his wish come true!
Jill was trying to watch a movie. Parents with a crying baby were in the same theater. The movie was about the start and the baby kept crying. Finally the mother took the baby out. It was sad that they were never able to return.
Roger was hungry. Sadly, his refrigerator and pantry were empty. His wallet was empty too. He called his parents to beg for cash. His parents gave him some.
Jerry was mowing his lawn. All of a sudden, his lawn mower started spewing smoke. The engine had died on him. Jerry went to the store and bought a brand new lawn mower. Jerry finished mowing his lawn after throwing out his old lawn mower.
Jennifer has a big exam tomorrow. She got so stressed, she pulled an all-nighter. She went into class the next day, weary as can be. Her teacher stated that the test is postponed for next week. Jennifer felt bittersweet about it.
There are two things my Grandma is famous for in my family. The first is that she expects you to wash your hands a lot. The second is that she loves to play catch with a tennis ball. So my childhood was an endless game of catch followed by hand washing. I don't think there is anything better than clean hands after a catch.
Blake was tending to his yard. He was mowing the grass. The blade of the lawn mower got loose. It flew off of the lawn mower. Blake had to repair the lawn mower blade.
Dan was walking home one night. As he pulled his hand out of his pocket, he dropped his keys. The keys fell into a storm drain. Dan immediately kneeled down to grab his keys. Luckily, they were still in arm's reach and he was able to grab them.
Lee did not like carrots a lot. One day, he decided to never eat carrots again. Lee knew they were healthy but he despised them. One day, his mom forced him to eat some. Lee found out that they were crucial for his good health.
Anna collected a pail of fossils at the beach. She thought they were beautiful and hoped they were valuable! She took them to a collectors' shop to be appraised. But there, the counter man gave her unwelcome news. He said the fossils were common horn coral, worth almost nothing.
Samantha was afraid of spiders. This morning she found one in the bathtub. Samantha screamed for her younger brother to kill it. Samantha's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider. Samantha was pleased the spider was gone.
Nathan did a NCAA tournament bracket with his family. Everyone else picked their winners based on who was a better team. Nathan decided to attack it completely differently. He chose his winners based on the relative strength of the mascots. Nathan won the tournament bracket by a large margin.
Charles made his money selling music on the street. His mother decided to kick him out. She gave him until evening to pack up and move. He didn't have a job or a suit to wear on an interview. He went to the mall, bought a black suit, but was homeless.
Simon plays a lot of computer games. He wanted a second computer monitor to make gaming more fun. Simon's brother James overheard him talking about a second monitor. James explained a second monitor wouldn't work with Simon's set up. Simon double checked and learned that his brother was right.
Tim went shopping for some groceries. His wife made him a list of things to get. Tim covered everything on the list. He got a few extra things for himself as well. Tim's wife told him he did a good job.
Sean was watching TV. Suddenly, his power went out. He thought it was a bill issue, but it wasn't. Instead, he called his landlord. The landlord had to mess with the switches to get it back on.
Tammy trained hard for a marathon. She jogged every day. ON the day of the marathon she was excited. She didn't win but placed higher than expected. This motivated her to try another one.
Robert wanted a good computer. He searched endlessly for a good one. He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town. He found a perfect one for a cheap price. Robert ended up downloading hundreds of games on his new computer.
Penelope was laying in bed with her boyfriend. They were goofing around and wrestling. Suddenly, she heard a snapping sound. She looked under her and saw her glasses. They had broken right in half.
It any business you have to keep track of your resources. I was helping a friend inventory his business. He could name every part number in his inventory from memory. I asked him to give me a list of his employees. Surprisingly he couldn't recall half of their names.
Gina's grandparents slept in separate rooms. Her grandpa was now dead. His room door sat open all the time. Day and night the room was dark and empty. Gina felt a tinge of sadness each time she walked past the room.
Edward was a very smart but small boy going to a local school. Everyone made fun of his size and it got to him badly. One day on a field trip, Emma dropped her purse into a small grate. Edward saw this happen, and knew he could help her out. However, Emma had treated Edward poorly before so did not assist her.
Tammy Turken and her husband didn't have much luck conceiving. They went to a fertility clinic, and picked up some drugs. Within weeks, Tammy was pregnant and overjoyed. When the baby was born, something was wrong. The baby was black, and Tammy's reputation never recovered.
Tina ordered a sub. It was fast food. But it was taking too long. Tina then got angry. So she complained to management.
Lily was at the park. She was sitting on the bench. Suddenly she felt some crazy pain. She looked and saw a huge caterpillar. The bug had stung her or something.
Charlotte was riding her bike home from school. She was having fun trying little tricks like going with no hands. Suddenly though she lost control of the bike. The bike veered and skidded into the ground. Charlotte scraped up her knees but was luckily okay.
Matt didn't have any clothes to wear. He was sad because he really wanted clothes. He asked his friend if he could borrow some clothes. His friend gave him some clothes. Matt was happy because he got to wear clothes.
My friend has an amazing farm outside town. We went camping there all summer long. At the end of the summer there was a giant party. Hundreds of people came to the farm and had an amazing time. We cleaned up the whole farm after and can't wait to go back.
Jon decided to buy a dog. Jon loved his dog with all his heart. One day, the dog developed cancer. Jon cried because he was going to lose his friend. Indeed, the dog died from cancer.
Los Angeles has the worst parking ever. After driving around the same block five times I found a spot. I threw my car into park and hopped out. I came back in five minutes and already had a parking ticket. I didn't realize it was a park only on a Tuesday with a blue car zone.
Sandra played tennis often. She was playing with friends during the day. She was up a set to her friend when she tripped. She fell face first onto the court. She chipped a tooth and rushed to the dentist.
Ralph went to get ice cream at the beach. While in line he ran into his friend, Joe. Ralph bought his ice cream and kept talking to Joe. They talked for so long, all of Ralph's ice cream melted. Ralph went back in line for more ice cream.
Our culture has no rites of passage to manhood and so we invent them. Young men do very dangerous things and I was no different. I fought in a Tough Man amateur boxing contest, twice. At one of the fights, my friends later told me a man had been killed. I realized fighting had not made me a man and I hung up my gloves.
Kevin was scared of guns but his dad used them for hunting. One day Kevin was asked if he wanted to go hunting. Kevin decided he would go try it with his dad. He did not like it at all and let his dad know. Kevin's dad supported him in his decision.
Todd enjoyed rock climbing. He mostly did so at a rock climbing gym. One afternoon a friend invited him to go rock climbing outdoors. Todd agreed to accompany his friend. Todd found the outdoors experience hot and uncomfortable.
Lucy was driving down the street when she got a flat tire. She has never changed a tire before and didn't know how. She used her smartphone to watch a video tutorial on how to. She followed the instructions and had it changed within ten minutes. She is very thankful for the technology we have access to today.
Isaac was invited to a party at a stranger's house. He was bored and decided to go. He got talked into drinking alcohol. And Isaac ended up getting into a terrible fight. Before the police arrived, Isaac quickly went home.
Greta played with her Jack in the box dozens of times. So she wasn't startled any more when he popped out. One day her brother put a mask on Jack. When he jumped out he looked totally different. Greta was so startled she ran crying to her mother.
When Omar comes to America he has nothing. He takes a job as a Domino's delivery driver. Within five years he works his way up to store manager. Three years later he owns his own store. Twenty years later he has 30 stores, exemplifying the American Dream.
Holden was walking home from school. He looked on the ground and noticed a five dollar bill on the ground. He picked up the bill and decided to get some candy. The gas station on the way to his house had lots of candy bars. Holden got a candy bar for him and his brother.
The country watched the tvs. There was a major news event happening. The news show covered the events that were unfolding. The reporters gave the information the knew. The viewers stared intently at their screens.
Chase was at the arcade with his brother. Suddenly, they found a wallet on the floor. Chase's brother wanted to keep the wallet for himself. Chase disagreed and brought it to the front counter. The store rewarded him with a free slice of pizza.
As a child, I was afraid of water. My dad tried to make me more comfortable and swam with me. I was so scared, I could barely stay afloat. My dad put me on his back and swam around with me. I was so comfortable, that I was never scared of water again.
The Carolina Panthers played the Denver Broncos Thursday night. It was a rematch of the two teams that played in Super Bowl 50. Cam Newton, Carolina's quarterback, was hit in the head several times. Late in the 4th quarter, he lay on the field motionless. The referees refused to make a call for illegal blow to the head.
Nicole searched for her glasses. She heard a crunch under her feet. She saw her broken glasses. She called her sister for help. Her sister drove her to the eye doctor that afternoon.
Sam was very worried. For the past weeks, his cat had been growing bloated. He feared she was ill and might soon die. Then one day Sam discovered why his cat had grown larger. She had been pregnant, and now had eight kittens!
Rafe was speeding in a BMW he was test driving from the dealership. Rafe thought he was a professional race car driver. He misjudged his speed while attempting to take a turnoff. The car landed in a house that 20 feet below the roadway. Rafe was later found hiding in his home by the police.
Missy was feeling very depressed. She often felt like her life wasn't worth living. One day, with her head down, she shuffled down the streets. Suddenly, a stranger gave her a quick hug and walked away. Missy felt happier, turns out all she needed was some human kindness.
Yesterday was a frigid day. The weather was less an zero degrees. I was beyond freezing. Thankfully I ran inside. I vowed to never go back out again.
My nephew thought it would be nice to go around and say nice things. So we had to say nice things to the person to the left of us. When it got to my niece she told her daddy he was tall. But then she told her mommy she loved her for all these other reasons. Everyone laughed at how silly she was.
The bush tore the shirt sleeve. The woman took off the shirt. She taped up the sleeve. She wore the shirt all day. She threw it away that night.
Bob was a captain of a trade ship. He was driving the ship near Africa when a smaller boat came by. Suddenly, the people on the smaller boat tried to get onto the ship. Bob realized that they were pirates! He called for emergency help.
Kevin loved stealing things, no matter what the cost. He walked into a convenient store. And he ran out with a bunch of sports drinks that cost a few dollars. He tried to steal from the store again a week later but was caught. And he realized it wasn't worth the money.
Hector prepares to go to work. He notices that his shirt is very wrinkled. Hector decides to iron out the wrinkles in his shirt. After working very hard the shirt looks great. Now Hector is ready to go to work.
Frank and his friend were talking about music. His friend was a big fan of electronic music. Frank did not like it and was doubtful of the genre. Frank's friend showed Frank some of his favorite music. Frank decided he was wrong and his mind was changed.
Donald bought a photograph display case. It had room for five photos. He wanted himself and his girlfriend to contribute photos. They could not agree who got the fifth spot. It ended up being so contentious that Donald trashed the frame.
Marty was paying a lot of money for car insurance. He decided that he needed to switch to a new company. He looked up quotes online from different insurance companies. He eventually decided on switching to Geico. Marty saved fifteen percent on his insurance by making the switch.
Reid had always wanted to be a musician. His friends and family supported him. They helped him book gigs. They also helped with traveling expenses. Reid found the career as a musician he was looking for.
Kate's car was on its last legs. When she was driving home from work one day it broke down completely. A handsome stranger gave her a ride home. The next day she picked up her car only to find the same man there. Her rescuer was also her mechanic!
I have always wanted to go to China. So, I went to Beijing one year. I've always wanted to eat Chinese desserts, which are very famous. I tried some Chinese Cookies at a small outdoor market. There were the best cookies I've ever had in my life!
Kane bought his lottery ticket that week just like always. He always played the same numbers, his lucky numbers he called them. The week of the drawing came and he paid attention with half interest. He vaguely heard a few of his numbers being called. He did a double take at his ticket, he had won the jackpot!
I go play basketball every Saturday. I get up early in the morning to shoot around by myself. I spend hours just working on my jump shot. My friends show up around noon to play with me. We have a good time playing together.
John's toddler son Harry was bored of his toys. Every toy John tried offering Harry was slapped away. John knew of only one other option. John started a bubble bath for Harry. John was happy to see Harry very excited about taking a bubble bath.
Zachary dreamed of visiting a tropical island. He started to plan his vacation online. He was concerned that he could not afford the trip. To his surprise, it was quite affordable. He waited in anticipation for the departure day to come.
Austin was not the best player on his soccer team. His teammates often didn't take him as seriously as he wanted. In the third game of the season, the game was tied and almost over. Austin scored a skillful goal at the very last minute. The soccer team praised Austin and took him much more seriously.
A man really craved some cheese. He was far from a grocery store. He decided to go to a vending machine, instead. He bought some chocolate. He loved that choice.
Sue was going to move to a new country. Her friends wanted to celebrate by throwing her a party. They had a huge bonfire for her. Her friends drank and laughed the night away. They had a great time and missed Sue when she left.
Tim loved comic books. He bought them often and had an extensive collection. It ranged from the old classics to the new ones. His goal this year was to attend ComiC Con in California. Tim was determined to save up his money so he could attend.
When I was younger I wanted to be White and privileged. I thought White people had the world as their oyster. Then my white friends started dying of skin cancers. I stopped and reevaluated my wants and desires. Now I love the skin I am in.
There was this amazing burrito stand by my old house. I remember I used to go there almost everyday. I was back in town visiting some old friends and suggested we go there My friends told me that the burrito stand was closed down. That news made me very upset, they were such good burritos.
Donna and Scott visited the beach for vacation. While Scott went back to the hotel room, Donna went down to the beach. Donna searched for seashells. Donna found a handful of large shells for Scott. When Scott returned to Donna, he was happy with the shells she had.
Bill loved pickles. He like to make them and eat them. Last week he ran out of pickles to eat. He went down to the store and bought 5 jars. He was set for the rest of the week.
Phyllis was the fastest typist in her office. One day, Georgina got a job in the office. She claimed she was faster than Phyllis. They challenged each other to a type off. Phyllis's Shift key got stuck, and she lost by a landslide.
Darcy was starting at a new school. She decided to reinvent herself. She spent all day acting like a completely new person. But then, she noticed a girl from summer camp. The girl confronted her and exposed that she had changed her behavior.
Julie found a stray dog on the side of the road. She tried to find an owner with no luck. She decided to keep the dog. One day, she heard squealing. The dog had given birth to puppies!
Cara was walking down the street when she saw a new store. It claimed to sell magic tricks. She went inside and found a creepy old man. The old man showed her many tricks. Cara was very happy and loved the new store.
Shari was in a coma. Her daughter came every day to see her. She would talk and play music. After three weeks, Shari woke up. Her daughter was so happy, she sobbed!
We went to a friend's wedding last Saturday. The wedding was in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. The reception was in a mansion in Rhode Island. We hired a car service to get there from Boston and back. We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding, with good food and great friends.
Alyssa was an innocent 11 year old. Her mom had a boyfriend that visited often. Alyssa liked this man. One day he tried to kiss her. Alyssa was scared and told her mom.
Nicole was a nursing aide at a nearby nursing home and a student. She worked full time at the home, but still managed do well in school. Halfway through the semester, her car broke down on the way to school. It became clear she wouldn't have another way to get around. Eventually Nicole had to take a few weeks off of both and loved it.
Freddy is an avid cigarette smoker. Freddy tried pressuring his friends to smoke too. He did not want to feel alone. His friends declined his efforts. He decided to quit.
Trevor and his wife were at home on his day off. They decided to spend their day watching a movie together. Right as they sat down to start the movie, they heard a doorbell. Trevor got the door and saw his parents had come to visit. They all sat and watched the movie together on the couch.
Gina called her friend Lisa back home. She was happy when she answered. She hadn't talked to her for 10 days. Lisa was wondering what was taking Gina so long to come back home. Gina had no idea and had to tell Lisa as much.
The country changed military regimes. The new general was cruel. Some people were hung. The country protested the cruelty. The old regime took back over.
Julius was rather chubby when he was a child. He lost weight in high school. He then make the decision to help other people. Julius became a trainer. He then made a difference in people's lives.
Johnny was trying out for the football team. The players began to practice drills. Johnny stumbled forward when running a drill. He was the slowest person to complete the drill. Johnny didn't make the team.
Barry recently had to take a reading test for college. Barry was nervous, as he did not know what was on the test. However, as Barry was taking the test, he realized how much he knew. As the test went along, Barry felt more confident about it. Barry knew that he had passed the reading test he took.
Karen was tired of all the stuff cluttering up her house. She decided it was time to have a yard sale. She gathered up all her items and put price tags on them. That Friday, she made signs at put them around the neighborhood. The sale was a success and she made a lot of cash.
After having my hair relaxed, I really loved my hair. It was thick and long and shiny. One day and over the course of a few weeks, something changed. My hair started falling out and there was nothing I could do. For the next year or so I lived with thin hair until it grew back.
Mike was a talented engineer. However, one day his boss yelled at him for not doing his job. His boss ridiculed him in front of his colleagues. Mike felt very embarrassed and humiliated. However, Mike did not say anything to his boss.
I woke up craving cookies. There were no cookies in the house. I went to the store to purchase cookies. I drove home with my purchase. I ate cookies for breakfast.
My mother's cat was ill, so my brother took it to the vet for her. They said the cat needed to stay there for some tests. They called my brother an hour later, telling him to come pick it up. When he got there, the girl at the front desk said the cat had died! Later that day, she called to say she was mistaken, the cat was fine.
Joe brought his camera to the wedding. He took many great pictures. He sent the pictures to the couple. The couple offered to pay Joe for the pictures. Joe refused to be payed for the pictures.
How to produce a productive society. Stop giving children trust funds. If you give your children a job they will show you what their made of. They will find their place in the world. Equal pay for slave descendants and women is another story.
The Johnsons were planning on having dinner. They ran out of ground beef and couldn't make tacos. They went to the store and bought ground beef. They came home and prepared tacos. The Johnsons had tacos for dinner.
I just booked my first vacation. I am going to Disney World with my daughter. I plan on surprising her for her birthday. She has always wanted to go. She is going to be so excited.
Jordan and Alex were on a camping trip. She was trying to set up the tent. Then she realized that it was broken. She ran to the nearest Walmart. Then she bought them a new tent.
I was walking home from work in a downpour. I heard shouting coming from a nearby alley, so I ran over. 2 men were holding up an old woman, trying to steal her purse. I rushed to help, and with the woman behind me, drove them both away. She thanked me kindly, though shaken, and I walked her home.
Tom went to a concert put on by his favorite rock band. Tom had a blast at the show. After the concert, his friend told him he had a surprise for him. Tom's friend led him to an area off center stage. There, Tom personally met the members of the band!
Janice was out exercising for her big soccer game. She was doing some drills with her legs. While working out and exercising she slips on the grass. She falls down and uses her wrist to break her fall. She breaks her wrist in the process and goes to the hospital.
It was Jimmy's birthday and he wanted dump cake. His mom bought cherry pie filling and a yellow cake mix. She prepared the pan and got the ingredients ready. She layered the cherries, cake mix and butter. The cake cooked and the family was able to celebrate.
Jeff was pumping gas in his car. He wasn't paying attention. The gas started to overflow. Gas got on his shoe. Jeff's shoes smelled like gasoline.
I was waiting for my friend to pick me up from work. He was taking a long time. I was wondering if I should just take the bus. I decided I should have faith in my friend. Soon, he came by and picked me up like he promised.
Gina bought a whole box of round fudge snack cakes. She didn't intend to share them with her siblings. But as soon as she got home they all milled around. She only had 8 cakes, and wanted to save them for later. By the time they left she was down to 3.
Shiloh received a letter in the mail to report to jury duty. Most people hate jury duty but Shiloh was ecstatic to go. He had been watching Judge Judy since he was a kid. When he arrived to jury duty it was the best day of his life. Standing at the front of the courtroom was none other than Judge Judy.
A farmer woke up one morning, and found his pigs had gone missing. He asked his wife is she had taken them to town, and she denied it. He spent the day looking for the pigs,  he even checked other farms! At the end of the day, he went back into the barn to check again. It turned out, the pigs had been left in the stables by mistake!
The lady gave an apple to her horse. The horse ate the apple quickly. The lady gave a carrot to the horse. The horse refused to eat it. The horse was only given apples for snacks in the future.
My friend Frank has a son in middle school. The son, George, told him there was no summer reading. I checked the school's website and found there was reading. I told Frank, who made George read. Frank checks the school website now.
I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving. This my first time trying to bake a pie. I put in too many apples and it spilled over into the oven. The spilled juice burned and filled the house with smoke. The pie tasted good, but my house smelled like smoke for a week.
Mary needs to go to the store. She does not have a car and the store is too far to walk. Mary remembers that she has a bus ticket. Mary catches the bus before it leaves. Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus.
Dave was eating dinner with his girlfriend when the phone rang. He excused himself and answered the phone. On the other line was the same telemarketer from yesterday. Dave got furious and screamed at the telemarketer to never call again. The telemarketer didn't care and called again the next day.
Marsha went to Walmart to get treats. She was walking through an aisle to find her food. Suddenly, she tripped and fell, hurting her leg badly. She had to take off work for a week due to the pain. Eventually, her leg got better and she went back to work.
I was riding home on a crowded bus one day. A guy tried to start conversation with me but soon realized I'm deaf. We smiled a lot and did our best to communicate awkwardly. I had gotten off the bus and was heading home when I felt a tap. He had caught up with me to give me a rose and one more smile.
I took my sandpaper home with me. I tried to sand down the dresser. It took a very long time. Eventually, I had a well sanded piece of furniture. I painted it a bright pretty red color.
Josh's mom had just had a baby. He was jealous because the baby was getting all of the attention. So, Josh decided to make a mess of the house. When his parents found him drawing on the wall, they were upset. However, they decided they were going to give him more attention.
My laptop always burned me. It happened when I sat it on my lap. I needed a solution. I sat the laptop on some pillows. Then it no longer burned me.
Jeremy was on the train. He went to the bathroom. Suddenly he was locked in. People started recording it. The train conductor got him out.
I started getting obsessed with calories. I couldn't stop thinking about it. I refused to even sniff a scent in case I would absorb calories. Everyone said I needed help. Eventually they staged an intervention.
Cheryl's nose was always plugged up. Cheryl decided to visit an allergy doctor. The doctor diagnosed Cheryl with mild rhinitis. She gave Cheryl a nasal spray to use regularly. After only a few days, Cheryl could breathe much better.
Dave had to get his cavities filled. The dentist gave him some anesthesia. They began to start the procedure right away. He could still feel the pain. He ended up having to bear through it.
Ryan always wanted a new iPhone 6s but he could never afford it. He decided he'd get a job and work towards saving for one. As the months went by, he slowly and steadily got closer to his goal. After 5 months he finally had enough saved up and went to the store. As he was handed his brand new phone, he was enthralled.
There is a weekly religion class at church for children. They put an ad in the bulletin needing more teachers. Paula answered the ad because she felt a calling from God. She began to teach the Kindergarten class and taught four years. She got more out of the class than she ever thought she could.
I always have so much fun going to the fair. When we got there we had lots of food. And my daughter rode on all the rides. It was such a fun family day. I am already looking forward to next year's fair.
Eric was wondering who was reading his short stories. He was doing them for a hit on mturk. He was embarrassed slightly at the thought of them being read. He imagined a pretty girl reading his stories about violence. He decided to tone down the violence and make them more civil.
I was playing catch in the park. I dropped the ball. I went to go pick it up. I picked it up. I continued playing catch with my friend.
Dale was recovering. He'd just had surgery on his back. The next day, he was up and walking around. The doctor told him he could go home that day. Dale was eager to get better.
Joe was having a peaceful day at home. He was watching the master's golf on tv. All of a sudden he heard a long bang. He went outside to his horror he saw his car in pieces. Joe blew a fuse and started to attack the young man caused the bang.
Vivi loves pasta. One day, she ran out of pasta to cook! She rushed to the store to find some. Luckily, there was an aisle full of pasta. She bought some and happily went back home to cook it.
I was in a rehab unit in the fall of 2011. My new roommate came in wearing a hospital johnny. His nurse said rehab patients wear street clothes. The hope is to get them back out into the real world. I was interested in this approach.
Mortimer wanted to find a person to spend his life with. He tried going out to bars, and that didn't work. He tried speed-dating, and that didn't work. Finally, he tried setting up an online dating profile. Mortimer was matched with a nice person and enjoyed his relationship.
Sean was in his kitchen. He noticed a few gnats flying around. When he looked closer, he realized that they were everywhere. He called an exterminator. The next day, a man came out and got rid of the bugs.
Carl always wanted a pet monkey. He found out how he could get one online. It was legal but expensive. Carl soon realized how big a mistake it was. The monkey was too hard to take care of.
Tom loved writing. Tom also knew he would likely never be a published author. Tom entered a writing contest on a lark. Tom submitted his very best manuscript for consideration. Tom earned a publishing deal in winning the contest!
Gina's sisters and friend were playing Spades. She was losing and didn't like it. But everyone else was having a great time. She didn't want to spoil their fun. So she gave up her seat, and went to watch TV instead.
Sara was at school. And she forgot her gym clothes. She was sad because was not able to play sports with the other kids. But another girl had an extra pair of gym clothes. And Sara was happy that there was still lots of time to play.
Barry always had a different style about him. Recently, Barry decided he would start to wear bow ties. Some students at school teased him, while others praised him. After about a year of wearing bow ties, Barry noticed something. Barry noticed that a lot of kids were starting to wear bow ties.
Matt hadn't seen his father in many years. One day he decided to visit for his birthday. He stepped over junk in his father's yard and knocked on the door. The old man answered drunk and dirty. He went in and they talked for a long while.
Ana stepped on a shard of broken glass. She pulled it out, but the wound reddened. The soreness made her seek medical attention. A doctor gave Ana a painful tetanus shot. Ana resolved never to go barefoot again!
Mollie and Andrew were siblings who were very much alike. As a result, they never got along and always fought. One day, Andrew was very mean to Mollie and she ran away from home. Andrew and their parents spent all day frantically searching for her. When she was found safe, Andrew promised never to be mean to her again.
Mike wanted to bake cookies for his friends. He put the oven to 350 F and began to make the dough. The dough was perfect and he made it into shapes. Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven. Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies.
Franny got ready to go out for dinner with her best friend. She put on a striped sweater and black pants. Franny drove to the restaurant. She walked inside. Her best friend was also wearing a striped sweater and black pants.
Kelly loved the new sweater she got yesterday. She wore it everywhere now. Unfortunately however it got stuck in the door. The sweater was ruined. She was disappointed by but got a new one.
When it was close to Christmas John wanted to help others. He decided to volunteer to feed homeless people. He stood in a line for hours and distributed food to them. After that he donated toys to be given to needy children. He enjoyed it so much he vowed to do it again next year.
Tom stopped receiving his newspaper. He didn't know why. He called the company and they said he was late on payments. He had forgotten to update his credit card information. Tom apologized and did so to fix things.
Caleb's parents were going out of town. They were going to be gone for the weekend. Caleb told his friends he was having a party. Caleb's parents decided to come home early. Caleb was punished for having a party.
Joey wanted to make dinner for his family. His dad needed to help him. They made a big mess in the kitchen. They both had a lot of fun while doing it. They did not enjoy cleaning up the mess.
A politician campaigned on cleaning up the local court system. She promised reform and an end to endemic corruption. Once she was elected, vested interests obstructed her at every turn. Any move against the courts was met by opposition to unrelated goals. Her tenure ultimately left no mark at all.
Janet was going to become a new grandmother. Her new grandbaby was due in one week. Janet scheduled time off from her job and bought a plane ticket. She made it in time to see her grandbaby born. Janet was so happy she made the trip.
Lisa was trying to put her hair up. She had her favorite hair tie. Yet when she put it around her head, it broke. Lisa was mad. She had to buy another one.
I gave the waiter my cash. It was time to pay. I had never paid at a restaurant before. He was having a party. I was with my brother close to his wedding.
It was our first family cruise. We were excited but I was a bit nervous. In the middle of it the ship hit something. It started taking water. Everyone on our floor died except for me.
Katie was exhausted. She'd been washing and folding laundry all day. When it was all finally done, she knew she needed to put it away. She just couldn't bring herself to actually do it. The laundry sat in the laundry room for a week.
I was on the high school basketball team. In spite of that I was not invited to team's summer camp. My feelings were hurt so I threw a fit and cried to the coach. The coach felt bad and wanted to appease me. Subsequently he invited me to the camp.
Anna went up in a hot air balloon. She was afraid at first. Heights terrified her! But soon she was distracted by the scenery. It was breathtakingly beautiful!
Erika went fishing with her husband while on vacation. She threw out her line and it seemed to get caught on something. Her husband thought it was just a log and grabbed her rod. As he yanked on the line, he realized she had a monster fish. The fish snapped her line and Erika never forgave her husband.
One summer I took a trip to Dallas with some of my friends for fun. We left in the evening and drove all through the night. When we got to Dallas, we went to a convention and some museums. The whole trip was really fun. We finally went home with great memories of our trip.
Bob was hungry during science class. But there was still another 45 minutes before it was over. He tried to eat some of his lunch without his teacher noticing. But Bob was caught. The next day, he had to bring candy for everyone as his punishment.
Bill left a drink in his refrigerator pull out drawer. But he placed it sideways. He thought the cap was on tightly. But when he opened the drawer, it was flooded. Bill remembered to always tightly secure caps afterwards.
This morning I realized I had free time and wanted to meet a friend. So I called my friend Beth and asked her to meet for coffee. Beth said yes, let's meet at noon at Coffee Cann. So Beth and I met and had a nice chat for forty-five minutes. Then we hugged in the parking lot and went to our cars.
I took a trip with my daughter to Atlantic City. We went shopping on the boardwalk. My daughter bought a pair of purple sneakers. When we were done shopping, we decided to get dinner. I took her to a all seafood buffet at Bally's and she loved it.
Ben wanted to grill some Meat. He put on some dogs and burgers. Then he had a few beers. Suddenly he remembered to check the meat! It was too late - everything had burned.
One day Keith was playing with his son Bryson. He heard a loud noise bang from inside the house. He went to check on his wife lyndie. It was too late. Lyndie had been crushed by the family dresser.
The kids put their change into their piggy bank every day. Soon, the bank was full. They smashed it open and counted the money. They had almost $100! They took the money and spent it at the arcade.
Felix was very good at math but his nephew wasn't. As his nephew had many problems at school, he went to see Felix. Felix helped his nephew every day after class for a full month. When his nephew had a math test, he successfully passed it. Felix was very proud of him and gave him a calculator as a reward.
Ulf excitedly hopped into the piece of big machinery. He'd never swung a wrecking ball before and was excited to learn. He brazenly slammed the controls moving the ball forward. No one had told Ulf how sensitive and how little pressure they needed. He ended up destroying five buildings before he got control of them!
It was getting close to winter. The Barnes family decided it was time to hang Christmas lights. They picked out a set from the store. They hung them on the side of the house. When they plugged them in, only half lighted up.
Laura was telling stories around the campfire. During the campfire her friends were getting scared. She wasn't very scared since they were her own stories. Laura thought it was very funny that they were getting scared. After a while there was a noise and Laura got really scared too!
Lacey went out to walk her dog the other day. It was really hot outside and she forgot to bring her water with her. Lacey was sweating really badly the whole time. When she got back home she took a shower. After her shower she had an ice cold glass of water.
One time my two cousins got a pit bull puppy. They loved it and loved playing with it. One day, one of my cousins was sweeping near the puppy. The puppy was hit repeatedly by the broom. The puppy became so injured that he died.
Ken hated going to church with his family. He thought it was boring and pointless. One Sunday he was finally allowed to stay home. Ken had a lot of fun watching tv and playing video games. He started skipping church a lot more.
Lora always had long hair. One day she decided to get it all cut off. She was both nervous and excited. She found a style she liked and got it cut. She cried for a little bit but then decided she liked it.
Tom bought an item online. When it arrived it was the wrong one. Tom called to complain. Customer service almost didn't exist and wasn't helpful. Tom never shopped there again.
Roy's parents were adamant about him not smoking. Roy did smoke, but tried to hide it from his family. He hid his cigarettes under his car seat. One day his father was riding with him in the car. Roy's father reached under the seat and finally found the cigarettes.
Mick and his cat Chester had been together for 19 years. Chester was mostly a house cat but he had gotten sick one day. Noticing that Chester was getting worse, Mick took Chester to the vet. But the veterinarian had to put the cat to sleep to end his suffering. Mick never adopted another cat after Chester.
Mark and Jenna were married for eleven years. They had tried for so long to have a baby. The doctors told them all they could do was keep trying. Jenna felt unusual yesterday morning. She took a test to her amazed discovery that she's pregnant!
The kids gathered their ingredients to make a pizza. One kid added pepperoni. The other used tomatoes. They gobbled the pizzas up. It was a delicious treat!
Our condo recently changed laundry machines. The old ones took coins. The new ones required a card and internet access. Some of the older condo owners complained. The board stayed by their decision, and everyone coped with the change.
The johnsons had a lot of pine trees in their yard They cut some of their pine trees down that were dead. They used the wood for their fireplace. They discovered that pine isn't food for fireplaces. The johnsons stopped burning their pine trees.
Jessie wanted to adopt a dog so she drove to the local shelter. It was a bright sunny day and most of the dogs were outside. There was one puppy that remained in his cage looking forlorn. Jessie decided to play with the lonely puppy and give him a chance. The puppy was happy again, and Jessie had found her new dog.
A girl named Hillary was throwing a party. She invited all the friends in her grade level. Late at night, people began to show up with alcohol. They partied all night and had a great time. Unfortunately, Hillary's parents came home early and busted her.
Johnson is feeling bored one day. He calls up some friends to play a game of poker. Johnson and his friends play all afternoon. They all have a great time. He is glad he found something to do today.
Tom and his brother decided to play baseball in the house. Tom hit the baseball very hard. The baseball hit a Vase and shattered. Tom and his brother then tried to glue the vase back together. Their parents noticed the glued up vase and grounded tom and his broth.
Jim and his friends were having a water balloon fight. He was losing badly. He dropped all his balloons. He decided to cheat. He went and got the water hose and sprayed everyone.
Jenna wanted to try a new diet. She was going to go on a new liquid only diet. She bought lots of veggies and fruits from the store. She made smoothies and drank them every few hours. At the end of a week she lost 10 pounds!
I went to a new nightclub ready for some fun. The parking was 20 dollars. When I went inside, the bouncer asked for a 40 dollar cover. I spent the entire night staring at my empty wallet. I went home and decided to never go back again.
Tyler was getting married and expected to give a speech. He had been struggling to write it all the way up to the big day. Now, it was time for the speech and he had nothing prepared. Instead he decided to speak from the heart. Luckily, everyone loved his speech and it all went great.
Mary wrote an email to Paul. She accidentally sent it to Jessica. She did not find out immediately. Jessica told the new shory to the whole office. Mary broke up with Paul.
In 1993, our car was involved in a crash. It was in the shop for two weeks. I was going out on my bike for an errand. Our 21-year old neighbor insisted we use her car. We are friends to this very day.
One day Jane decided to go for a walk in the park. She got her tennis shoes and headed to the park. Once at the park Jane noticed a cat on a park bench. Jane didn't see a collar on the cat. Jane took the cat home and made it her pet.
Lily enjoyed using cosmetic goods. However, her mum told her she was too young to use it. When her mum was out, she snuck up to her mums room. Lily put on lots of nail varnish from her mom's makeup drawer. She didn't realise that she was using varnish remover by accident.
Tim was playing sports. His team was losing. They lost every week. Tim almost quit. Then he remembered that the important thing is to try hard.
Alice went shopping in the afternoon. She wanted to buy a new curtains. She bought some nice ones. At home she found out the cashier gave her too much money back. She went back to the store and gave him money back.
The planes flying overhead woke me up. I was grumpy, and tried to block out the noise. Eventually I started to worry about it. I got up and checked the news. The military was just conducting practice runs.
Misty took a bag of sunflower seeds downstairs without asking. This made her father irritated, but he allowed her to do this. Then, she began spilling sunflower seeds. She spilled sunflower seeds even after her father said to be careful. Now, sunflower seeds are banned from the entire house.
Marci and Daniel grew up together as next-door neighbors. One summer, Marci's family moved away. Although Daniel was 13, he was heartbroken, and thought of her daily. On Daniel's first day of college, he sat in the corner. After he felt a tap on the shoulder, he turned around to see Marci.
My brother bought a 1976 F150 back in the late 90s. Shortly after we were in the K-Mart parking lot and it wouldn't start. There was an Autozone across the street so he went and got some parts. First a starter solenoid, then a starter, an alternator, new plugs. I finally suggested we replace the battery, which fixed it.
Ernie's mother always told him never to run with scissors. He ignored her advice and did it anyway. He fell on the scissors. He cut his arm badly. Ernie will never run with scissors again.
My tooth was very loose. Mommy and daddy told me it would be coming out soon. I wiggled it with my tongue a lot. I bet into an apple for lunch and my tooth came out. The tooth fairy brought me 1 dollar and a toothbrush.
My parents and sister went to Disney World. I was only 4 years old at the time. They left me with my grandparents. I stayed with them for a week. When they returned, they brought me mickey mouse ears.
Jeff went to Lebowski's house to get a new rug. Lebowski told Jeff that he could not have a new rug. Jeff got angry and yelled at Lebowski. Jeff left Lebowski's house, and took one of his rugs anyway. Jeff brought the rug home and took a nap on it.
I remember one time when we lived on a rich guy's property. The owner had dog kennels where he kept his sport hunting dogs. Unfortunately, the dogs had a habit of getting out when it stormed. We caught them and put them in the garage with the owners fancy cars. He came over to get a car, unwittingly letting the filthy dogs out.
Conrad needed to move his television downstairs. The television was very heavy. Conrad thought he could carry the television downstairs by himself. Conrad lost his grip on the television at the top of the stairs. The television tumbled all the way down the stairs.
Sara was walking in front of her high school. Her best friend called to her from down the road. Sara excitedly started running toward her friend. As she ran, her heavy backpack bounced against her. She ended up tripping and falling on the sidewalk.
Carol was learning to sew. At class her teacher asked her what she was making. Carol told her it was a surprise. That summer she gave the teacher a gift. It was the dress Carol had made in class.
Trey was so excited for the Super Bowl he couldn't sleep. He was thinking about hanging out and snacking with his friends. He wide awake until the following morning when he finally fell asleep. He was so tired he slept through his alarm and missed all phone calls. Trey never woke up and he missed the whole Super Bowl.
Lindsay and Pat's wedding was coming up in six months. Lindsay did not know how to dance. Pat suggested dancing lessons for the two of them. Lindsay found a dance studio and made an appointment. They will start lessons next week.
Sue was used to being popular. Her family decided to move during the middle of the year. She had to start a new school. She was nervous about making friends. Sue finally began making new friends and all was well.
Tom found a harmonica in the garbage can. He wiped off the pieces of old food and coffee grounds from it. Tom put it to his lips and began playing a jangly melody. The people around him looked on in disgust. Tom was too absorbed in his song to notice.
I started a new job last week. However, they did not give me my check on payday. I erupted angrily at my boss. I went outside to cry by myself. My boss came outside to give me a hug and two hundred dollars.
John loved to play chess a lot. He played with everyone in his family. One day, he ran out of people to play chess with. This made John very sad. Finally, John went to the park and found people to play with.
Ryan is cleaning out his car one day. He cleans the inside and then the outside. He's about to put his seat back up into the sitting position. He catches a glimmer of green. Ryan finds a lost 100 dollar bill he lost years ago!
Kyle was interested in taking karate. He looked all over town and found a place he liked. He signed up for class and began. His sensei was great and Kyle progressed fast. Kyle had his orange belt in a few months time and was proud.
Mandy went to a party. It was pretty fun for her. They started to play Truth or Dare. She decided to pick Truth. She told a secret.
Ms Krathum didn't have long to live. She lived a simple life and never had a family of her own. One day while crossing a street, her bag split its contents. A young man picked up her items and helped her across the street. A month that same young man received a call from her will executor.
Rita hasn't been feeling great about herself lately. She enrolled at a local gym. Every day Rita works out and runs. She even started to eat a healthier diet. Rita doesn't care what she looks like because she feels great.
Marissa had been trying to eat healthy for a few weeks. She decided one day to splurge on a soda. She was taking a sip and it was disgusting to her. The soda was grossly sweet and she spit it out. She realized that eating healthy had turned her off of sugars.
Elizabeth wanted to go visit her friend. She got in her car and drove to her friend's house. Her friend was very happy to see her. The two friends had a wonderful day. At the end of the day, Elizabeth went back home.
Drew was studying all morning, therefore he forgot to eat anything. He walked to his class to take his test. During the test, his stomach was constantly growing. In addition, he fell asleep. Then the teacher woke him up, he asked him for his test.
Sarah starts a new dance class today. Her teacher is very nice. She learned the teddy bear dance. Sarah went home to practice the dance. After practicing, Sarah performed the dance for her family.
The little girl was cleaning her room. She seen a small item on the floor. She picked it up. She read it. Then she unwrapped it and ate it.
Sharon was on our All Star Women's basketball team. She broke an ankle while playing in a game. She wasn't able to play for five weeks. After five weeks her doctor told her she could play again. So today I'm going to a game to watch  Sharon play in a game.
Riley desperately wanted to buy a new comic book. She broke open her piggy bank and found a few cents. She raided her parents couch and found even more. She finally begged her father for the remaining difference. Riley was able to combine the money to purchase the comic book.
Michelle wanted to work at a clothing store. She applied to many clothing stores in her town. Michelle went to a couple of interviews. Her top choice called her a week later to hire her. Michelle was so excited to start working at her new job!
Tim loses his job. Then his girlfriend leaves him. Two weeks later he wins 200 million in the lottery. His ex girlfriends calls and says she made a terrible mistake. He laughs at her and and hangs up the phone.
Tom went to school one day. He ended up being late for class. The classroom door was locked. The teacher had locked it. She doesn't accept late students.
Twenty years ago, I went to Venice. I was very poor and couldn't afford a hotel. I decided to sleep somewhere close to a canal instead. As it was a very warm night, it worked well and I slept. The next day, I woke up smelling foul and it wasn't romantic at all.
Kevin is dancing in the club. He is having a great time. He tries to dance with a pretty woman. The woman says no. Kevin gets rejected and goes home.
Jack wanted to grow vegetables. Unfortunately he lived in an apartment. He decided to grow herbs in a window box. Jack got the supplies and planted seeds. Soon his herb garden grew.
Hallie recently moved from her hometown of Miami, to Washington, DC. However, Thanksgiving was a week away, and she was feeling lonely. Hallie decided, that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits. As Hallie arrived, she was greeted by her family and friends. Hallie realized that she was home, her heaven on Earth.
Pete was in his backyard playing with his soccer ball. He accidentally kicked the ball over his neighbor's fence. Pete walked over to his neighbor's house and rang the doorbell. Pete explained what had happened to his neighbor. His neighbor was happy to give Pete his ball back.
Ariana was in a terrible car accident. Now she is in constant pain. The doctor prescribed pain meds for her. They worked but she needed them to function. Ariana thinks this is very bitter sweet.
Tom was a good student. He only had one weakness. His vocabulary needed to be improved. Tom read books by the greatest leaders and thinkers of all time. Tom slowly increased his vocabulary to his satisfaction.
Mary liked her co worker Bob. She was afraid to ask him out though. She planned to ask him out in two days. She gathered up the courage to ask him. He asked her out before she could ask him.
I woke up late for school this morning. I brushed my teeth and hair and ran out to the bus stop. As I rounded the block corner, I saw the bus driving away. I started to walk to school. I was twenty minutes late and had to serve a detention.
My mom begged me to buy food for the family. Since I was saving up money, I refused to spend anything. The family ended up starving for several hours. When I became extremely hungry, I decided to give my mom some money. She brought Chinese food.
Every day I go to school. I wait for the bus in front of my house with my friends. When it arrives, I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat. I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school. 10 minutes later, we're at school!
Kim was nearly finished cooking when she put the bread in the oven. She then set the table. She lit a couple of candles for ambiance. Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room. Kim had forgotten about the bread.
Tom was at the shooting range. His friend bought some cheap bullets. Tom was unsure about using them. Sure enough one of the bullets misfired. Tom decided to stop using his friends cheap bullets.
Cal needed a new car, so he went car shopping. He found a great new car and put a down payment on it. Then he took it to get registered and insured. He was so happy to show it off to his friends. Everyone was amazed at his excellent taste!
Sam worked at a grocery store. He had forgotten a lunch at home. The store had a deli. Sam took his lunch break. He ordered a plate lunch at the store's deli.
Jenny gets home from school on the last day. She doesn't know how she is going to spend her summer. Her parents tell her she is going to go to camp. Jenny gets excited by this news. She packs her things right away and leaves the next day.
A man sat down to watch his favorite television show. As the episode wore on, he became more and more baffled. Things were happening that made no sense to him. He checked the channel listing. He was relieved to discover that he was watching the wrong show.
Yani studied calligraphy. He could write in numerous handwriting styles. He used this ability to commit fraud at his company. He was found out and put in minimum-security prison after trial. He wrote beautifully penned letters to his friends from prison.
Mary was looking forward to seeing Santa at the mall. She had a list she wanted to give to him. She hoped she wasn't asking for too much this year. When she and her mom got to the mall, they waited in line. After about 20 minutes she was finally sitting on Santa's lap.
One of our condo neighbors was friendly to us. He drank beer on the porch and smiled a lot. A few years later he suffered from depression. He yelled at children in the condo. Lately he has been getting better after taking medication.
Bruce always wanted to be a superhero. He loved watching them fight crime on television. His room was filled with dozens of action figures. One day, his mother bought him a superhero costume from the store. Bruce would wear it for the rest of the week.
Curtis was in the market for a new car. When he went to the dealership, he was offered a test drive. His finances were limited, but Curtis took a sports car for a drive. The car was a beauty, and also drove very well. Though he couldn't really afford it, Curtis was sorely tempted.
Tim's cat got sick. Tim didn't know what was wrong with it. He took it to the veterinarian. They told him it was a rare kitty disease. Tim was forced to put the cat down.
Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach. The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world. But the gallery paid Adrian only twelve dollars per hour. Therefore, Adrian approached a wealthy widow and talked about art. She thought Adrian was a wealthy art dealer and got his phone number.
Bill's wife, Carly, warned him that it would rain today. Bill disregarded this, and began mowing the lawn. Within minutes, rain began pouring down on Billy. Billy hurried to get the tools inside the shed and went in the house. Carly was there, giving Billy the look that says I told you so.
Neil chartered a tour from Broome, Australia. He took a tour to the sacred site of Uluru. He learned about the Maori history there. He studied the British history of Ayers Rock. Neil learned so much in Broome and at Uluru!
Tom was wearing a new t-shirt. He went to a bar with black lights. The shirt was illuminated in select areas. It turned out there was a message that came through. Tom hadn't noticed it before that night.
Matt wasn't drinking enough water. But he neglected advice about drinking more. One really hot day, he felt lightheaded and weak. And he tried to drink some cool water. But he neglected water later on and became very dehydrated.
Donna had to buy out her half of the house. She did not have the money for it. No bank was willing to lend her the money. She was telling her parents about it and crying in frustration. Her parents offered to loan her the money at very low interest.
Jean was supposed to go kayaking. She checked the weather and saw it was sunny. She packed all her warm weather clothes and left her umbrella behind. When Jean got to the river, the bottom fell out and it poured. Jean was soaked and vowed to always stayed prepared.
Kate was invited on a camping trip with her friends. But she was afraid of bugs and bears! She considered declining the invitation. But her mom talked her into going. Kate went and ended up having a wonderful time!
Jan needed new shoes. She did not have much of a budget. She decided to pick up extra babysitting jobs. Jan found the perfect shoes. She was happy she could afford them.
Joe had always loved that old roadster. He was sad the day he sold it so he could make the house payment. After making the house payment he still had $5 left. Two weeks later he spent that $5 on a church raffle ticket. Soon after, he discovered he had won his roadster back in the raffle.
Nanny wanted to learn why she was adopted. She visited her adoption agency from but received no information. She finally asked her adopted mother if she knew. She told Nanny where her birth mother lived. Nanny stopped looking as she knew it was painful.
Bill's kids were excited when it snowed Christmas eve. His wife said they had to go to mass. Bill insisted on letting the kids play in the snow instead. Later, his wife looked out the window. She saw Bill and the kids had built a nativity in the snow.
Madeline made buttons and pins for fun. She would make them in her spare time and loved it. One day her friend asked her if she could make one for her. Madeline refused but told the girl she would show her how to make one. Her friend agreed and they both enjoyed the hobby together.
I recently went for a drive. Along the way I got quite thirsty. I stopped at a local gas station. I bought an iced tea. I finished it quite quickly.
John was off his work in twenty minutes. He was really tired. Every minute felt like an hour. Finally he was off so he clocked out and left work. John went home and slept.
Pete had a flight to Florida for a vacation. He got to the airport early to get through customs. His flight was cancelled due to bad weather. Pete was upset and asked an employees if anything can be done. The employees gave Pete free flights for a year for his troubles.
Ryan and his friends were stranded in a small town. They didn't have anything to do. They decided to crash the town prom. They had a great time. Then they all got kicked out.
I do not know how to play guitar. I signed up to take some lessons. After my first lesson, I realized I was not meant to play guitar. I sold the guitar to a friend. Tomorrow I will sign up for drum lessons.
Kris called her credit card company. She tried to complain about a fraudulent transaction. Unfortunately, the customer support worker spoke too fast. In addition, he answered Kris's concerns in a confusing manner. Kris was frustrated and hung the phone up.
John and Jare had season tickets to la crosse. They loved going to the games each week. It was such a hard and fast sport. They even bought jerseys to show their pride They knew lacrosse season was their favorite season.
Nina wanted a candy bar from the corner store. But she had no money at all. She slipped the candy into her pocket. But on her way out, the owner stopped her! He had seen her theft and threatened to call the police!
Justin was on his way to see a girl he met online. The date didn't work out the way he had planned. On the way back home his tire became flat. He tried to drive home on it but it didn't work. Justin left his car in a ditch on the side of the road.
Freda had always wanted to play a musical instrument. She decided to start practicing banjo. At first it was difficult. Over time she improved. Freda was happy that she was playing a musical instrument.
Last Christmas we visited friends in NH. We spent all of a Sunday there. We had a nice dinner and talked a lot. While getting in the car to go home, I fell and hurt my toe and ribs. The fall put a damper on what had been a nice visit.
Kathy wanted some flashy new jewelry. She bought a ring with a giant gemstone. She showed it off to all her friends. They admired her new item. Kathy decided she would get matching earrings next.
My youngest niece got married last week. Our family drove out of state to her wedding and reception. The bride and groom looked so happy in the church. At the reception we celebrated, ate dinner and danced. After that party the bridal couple drove away for their honeymoon.
Dan was infatuated with the concept of magic. Dan saw a flyer for a upcoming magic show at his school. Dan decided he would attend the magic show. Dan decided he would wear his favorite magician hat to the show. Dan was excited to see the tricks that would be performed at the show.
I was making lasagna for the first time. I went to the store and bought all the ingredients. After everything was prepped the lasagna went into the oven. When I pulled it out it looked delicious. I invited all of my friends for dinner and it was terrific.
I was walking down the streets of Bombay. I saw a stray dog. I smiled at him and continued walking. The following day, I was walking down the same street. The same stray dog was dead in the middle of the street.
Cindy is a tennis player. She is known for her serve. She challenged her friend to see who had the better serve. Cindy and Diana got to the courts and hit for an hour. Cindy won the challenge.
Tom's girlfriend was a lot shorter than him. They once got into a fight. Tom was feeling petty. He moved a lot of things she used to the top of the shelves. Tom's girlfriend was not happy about having to reach for it all.
Lucy made herself sick eating cake. The problem was she had stolen the cake. Her grandma was perplexed as to what could have made her sick. Lucy couldn't tell her about the cake. Lucy pretended she had no idea what caused her tummy ache.
Bert enjoyed playing in the mud. He would often go to a watering hole in a cow pasture to play. He would come home with very smell mud caking his feet. One day he noticed his toenails had an unusual color. A doctor needed to remove the toenails to stop the infection.
I used to run around a pond. It was there one fall. The next fall it had vanished. There was nothing but dirt. I was surprised.
Raku wants to confessed to the girl he likes since his childhood. He goes over the scenario multiple times in his head the night before. He could not sleep at all. The next morning he wakes up and goes to school. After confessing he founds out she feels the same way.
When Ron was 10, he got a hamster for his birthday. One day, he was holding the hamster in his hand. The hamster bit his thumb, hard! Ron was surprised, and accidentally dropped the hamster. The hamster died later that day.
Tom was a lifelong Oklahoma Football fan. In the 1990's, the team was inept. They could not even get 11 men on the field for kick-offs. Tom prayed for one more national championship before he died. Oklahoma got a new coach and won the championship in 2000.
Allison and Katie decided to go to the mall. When they arrived, they did not know where to shop. Allison went to a clothing store first and purchased a pretty dress. Afterward, Katie noticed a pet shop and went to see the animals. Before they knew it, it was getting late and the girls went home.
Max had just gotten vaccinated. He was crying really badly, because they hurt. The nurse offered him a sticker. He walked with her to the counter and looked at all of the stickers. Then, he chose one and cheered up right away.
Carlos was trying to write an essay. But he kept thinking about fun activities. He eventually took a break and decided to play video games. But in the back of his mind, he worried about his essay. Unable to control himself however, Carlos never returned to his essay.
Jenn wanted to throw a surprise party for Kate. She secretly sent out invitations to Kate's friends. She ordered balloons and food to be delivered on the special day. All of Kate's friends showed up early and hid until Kate arrived. When Kate walked through the door, everyone shouted and cheered.
Lucy was trading for fun. She liked trading gold. She made money occasionally. Yet one day she sold some gold futures. The commodity ended up rallying and she lost a lot of money.
Jaden went to middle school. He saw a crowd in the hallway. There were a couple girls fighting. They were arguing and pulling hair. He walked right past the crowd.
Melissa and Derek had tried for children for years. They even looked into adoption. They finally decided to try a very expensive procedure. They were overjoyed when they found they were pregnant with twins. Melissa and Derek finally had the family they always longed for.
I needed to take a flight last week. I had to go through security screening. They looked at me naked through a machine. Then they touched me all over. It made me feel very safe.
Donald wanted to give his daughter a special surprise. He bought her a beautiful gold locket just to her taste. He put it inside of an emptied walnut shell. He glued the shell back together so that it looked normal. When she cracked open the shell, she was shocked and delighted!
Me and my girlfriend have been dating for a year now. But it seems every time we take two steps forward. The devil makes us go two steps back. LAbor day weekend i put my phone down for a second. My girlfriend seen the texts in my phone and now we over.
My nephew had a sleepover for his 7th birthday. He was allowed to invite over three friends. They played all night and ate a bunch of cake. When it was time to watch a movie, the one kid wanted Sharknado on. But since they were only seven, his parents thought that was bad.
Charles was driving home. He saw several pieces of furniture placed outside on the street. He parked his truck to take a look at them. Besides a few scratches, the furniture looked good. He loaded the furniture on the back of his truck and left.
Jane was worried about her boring appearance. So she decided to wear makeup and different clothes. Nobody at school seemed to pay more attention to her. So Jane went back to her old look. But for some reason, she didn't feel satisfied.
I was over at my friend's house last week I noticed he had money laying out and took it. He confronted me about it the next day. I denied everything even though he knows it was me. I lost a friendship but gained fifty bucks.
Ben has been holding back a secret his whole life. He decides it time to let everyone know his secret. He gathers everyone around to tell tem. Ben tells everyone his secret. Ben announces that he is gay and proud!
Elizabeth was out for a stroll. She found a beautiful bridge. She decided to cross it. She walked across and looked at the beautiful water below her. This bridge was peaceful and beautiful.
Mary wanted to go play volleyball. She needed to find a ride, because her car broke down. She called all her friends but no one could take her. They promised to take her for ice cream afterwards. Mary wasn't upset about not going to play volleyball anymore.
Allie ordered a dress online. She wanted it in pink. But it ended up being red. Allie was horrified. She had to send it back.
Jake was never in his son's life. His son got the lead role in his Christmas play. Jake promised he would show up. On the day of the play Jake got drunk. He missed the play and crushed his son's spirit.
Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom. The ride was fun. We saw lions and cheetahs. I took a lot of pictures. The pictures would last a lifetime.
My son told me about making a little extra money in my spare time. I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting. I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents. I kept at it doing a little every day and things began to add up. Now I turk almost every day and am making a lot of extra money.
Kate took a gap year after high school. But while she was finding herself, she wanted to be useful. She signed up as a volunteer firefighter in her town. That year, Kate fought six fires, and saved lives and homes. Looking back, she was very proud of her gap year!
Tobarish was working at the electric plant when the lights went out. The entire town was cloaked in darkness. Tobarish sighed, as he knew there'd be a lot of paperwork. He went down to ask what was going on, but the picture was clear. Someone had forgotten to set the tolerances correctly.
My teeth felt fuzzy. I decided I needed to brush them. Upon entering my bathroom I found my toothpaste and toothbrush. I squirted a pea sized amount of toothpaste on the toothbrush. I brushed my teeth.
Miles realizes he does not have enough warm shirts for winter. He decides to go to the local store to find something warm to wear. At the store, Miles finds a flannel shirt that he loves. Although he does not normally wear flannel, Miles buys the shirt. Miles is very happy to have another warm shirt for winter.
I was writing short stories. I decided to ignore the instructions. My boss told me I was doing them wrong. I told him I could do as I pleased. He fired me.
My friends wanted me to help them rob a currency exchange. Broke with no money I told them yes I would help them do it. I listened to their plans and immediately got nervous. The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange. I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone.
Bella's chore after dinner is to feed the dog. She knows the right amount to put in the bowl. Sometimes she makes a mess. Sometimes she forgets and her parents have to remind her. Usually she does it without a problem.
Allie was in sports medicine. She had to attend to an nba player. The first time she saw Tom she melted. She had to fix his knee. But he ended up asking her on a date.
I went on a trip to the Lake the other day. I went with a lot of my friends. We spent the whole week partying and fishing. It was a great time. I can't wait to do it again next year.
Olivia liked rave parties. But they were expensive to attend. She ended up spending all of her money on them. And she had to find another job. So one of her friends helped her get a job at a rave club.
I was watching "Game of Thrones" with my girlfriend. I was really confused about a plot point. My girlfriend pulled up the "Game of Thrones" Wikipedia page. I read about three paragraphs of plot summary. Now I was even more confused.
Diana was on a trip to visit her uncle when she picked up 2 strangers. On the way there she got a bad stomach ache and had to stop. She pulled over to a gas station and asked to use the bathroom. When she was there she had a hard time getting through the whole thing. When she was done she went outside and realized she had been robbed.
Jen took her grandmother's watch to the pawn shop. She was highly confident that she will receive a lot of money. The cashier took the watch and checked it. He told her that the watch doesn't have any value. She was in disbelief at first but she eventually left.
I majored in theatre at my university. I wanted to become a director. Nowhere ever seemed to be in need of a director. Luckily I was also trained as a lighting designer. I still got to work in the theatre that way, so I was happy.
The man smelled something. He thought it was unusual. He called his wife into the room. His wife could not smell it. It was a common symptom of the man stroke.
Vivian arrived at the bakery early in the morning. She prepared the dough and baked the breads. But that day, she was distracted by personal problems. The dough overcooked and all the breads were spoiled. She had to closed the bakery till the next day as there was no bread.
Betty doesn't like the area she lives in. She's been looking at real estate listing online. She found a house she really likes in Coos Bay, Oregon. Betty bought the house site-unseen. When she arrived, the house was in much worse shape than shown.
John was hanging a picture in his living room. He stepped up on to a wooden chair. The chair slipped out from beneath him. John fell backwards and on to the floor. The picture he'd been holding hit his head and made him bleed.
Reno was a stray dog. He was in a shelter for many months. He didn't think he would find a family. One day a woman came to the shelter. She adopted Reno.
Tom had been underperforming at work. He was afraid that they would fire him. Tom tried to do better. Unfortunately it wasn't enough. He was fired within the week.
Jimmy was a master with his grill. He spent every weekend getting better with his grill. One day he was offered a TV show about grilling on a local channel, Jimmy accepted the job in an instant. He quit his day job and spent all his time grilling.
Laney was making toast. She put some in the toaster and started watching television. The toast got stuck and started to burn. Laney was too invested in tv to notice. Eventually the smoke alarm had to alert her.
Ken was at a cafe. He decided to get a muffin. Ken didn't realize the muffin had exotic nuts in it. He started having an allergic reaction. It wasn't severe but Ken learned of a new allergy.
Alicia loved tattoos. She decided to get one. She did research and found a great tattoo artist. Alicia and the tattoo artist worked together to create a good design. Alicia is now very happy with her new tattoo.
The traffic was backed up tonight. There was an accident on the highway. It caused a traffic jam in the city. I was late to practice. I need to leave earlier.
Dani and Don met at summer camp. Dani had a boyfriend who didn't go to camp with her. Don found himself attracted to Dani and he let her know. She felt the same for him and they decided to start dating. Dani immediately sent a breakup letter to her boyfriend the next day.
Miranda was on her way to work. She was sipping a tall cup of coffee. Suddenly her car hit a bump. The coffee spilled all over her white shirt. She had to go home and change.
Ana didn't know what to cook for dinner. She had a lot of odd leftovers, so she had an idea. She put them all together into a casserole. Then she baked everything under a layer of cheese. Ana's family loved her "leftover casserole"!
Jo needed a new pair of shoes. She drove down to the mall to visit the shoe store. Jo walked until she reached the shoe store. The shoe store was closed! Jo left the mall and went to the shoe store downtown.
Ronnie was mad at Jeremy. Jeremy spoke ill of Ronnie online. Jeremy did not want to fight but Ronnie did. Ronnie punched Jeremy in the face. Jeremy got knocked out.
Mindy decide to volunteer more this year. She decided to coach her daughter's softball team. She didn't know anything about softball. She figured that it would all work out. After the first practice, Mindy began to wonder what she had done!
Ed found a box of old snapshots in a dresser drawer. He enjoyed scanning many of them and posting them on social media. Ed's friends and family had fun seeing all those old images. They laughed about the crazy clothing from the 1970s. The idea of Ed's to post pictures turned out to be a great one.
Sally really wanted to have a bike. Sally's parents said it was too expensive for them to buy her a bike. So Sally decided to sell lemonade at a stand every day of that summer. After saving up all the dollars and coins, she had made $150. Sally was then able to buy herself a lovely new bike.
I woke up one weekend morning and put on some old clothes. I walked outside to get the newspaper and saw my yard was destroyed. There were tire tracks all over the grass and I knew I had to fix it. I called a local handyman and he came out and fixed the yard. I paid him and saw that my yard looked better than before.
The kids went to Chinatown for the first time. They ate some good food. They bought fun souvenirs. They stared at the beautiful lanterns. It was like being in another country!
Cindy was a science teacher. She was also a track coach. She led the girls to a state championship. She got a pay raise at another school. Eventually, she came back to her old school.
Tommy needed a new shirt for church. He went by his favorite store after work. He ended up buying three shirts. Tommy was glad he found more than one. He was set for the year.
Tim wanted to take art classes. His mother decided to let him take the classes. Tim did very well in the classes and was very talented. Tim began selling his artwork. As Tim got older, he made enough selling his art to pay for school.
Timothy wanted to improve his typing speed. He decided to switch to DVORAK for his keyboard layout. At first, he struggled to hit the correct keys. Eventually, he got the hang of the DVORAK keyboard layout. He was able to greatly increase his typing speed with the new layout.
Jimmy was a city boy who didn't get out much. His friends decided to take him out to the country. Jimmy and his friends decided to go hiking in the mountains. It was very tough for Jimmy to reach the top. Jimmy finally manages to push his way to the top of the mountain!
Tim was an amateur wrestler. He was in a competition. Another guy beat him easily. Tim complained about the other guy's weight. He was in the wrong class by accident.
Bob drove his car to the electronics store. While in the store, he saw a new computer. Bob placed the new computer in his shopping basket. Bob paid for the computer at the cash register. Bob left the electronics store with a smile on his face.
Tara loved looking at pictures. Tara never used social media as her parents did not allow it. Once Tara turned eighteen years old she moved away from home. She found out about Instagram. She loved using Instagram to view great pictures.
Today is my last day at my current job. My co-workers threw a little mini good luck party for me. Then, my manager stood up like she was going to give a small speech. She said lots of glowing things, except she got my name wrong. I've been working at that place for two years now.
Patrick examined the body. He determined it was death by strangulation. The detective tended to agree. They washed the body. Then they sent it to the funeral home.
My friend Ben fought in WW2. He was in France once. He heard classical music playing in a house, and identified the piece. The owner was impressed by his knowledge. She let Ben's squad stay in her house for the night.
Ray was always afraid of dogs. He decided one day to go to therapy to get over his fear. The therapist slowly introduced him to dogs. He was afraid at first but got used to them over time. With his fear conquered Ray got his own dog!
Julia wanted to make chicken noodle soup. She followed a yummy looking recipe very carefully. For some reason, though, it just didn't taste right. She debated for awhile and then threw the soup out. Finally, she bought some good old canned soup at the store.
Sarah loves to go hiking. She explores uncharted trails. She accidentally walked into some poison sumac. Immediately, Sarah ran out of the wood lot. She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment.
John was taking a flight to New York. When he got to the airport, he learned his flight was cancelled. He inquired at a different airline to get another flight. He was able to secure a discounted flight, because of the problems. He arrived in New York on time later that day.
When I was a kid, I played on a basketball team. The team allowed anyone to play, there was no trying out. Because of this, I was one of the best players on my team. However, once I got to high school I didn't make the high school team. This was because I was up against much better players this time.
Neil took a ferry to the island of Tasmania. There he admired the beautiful beaches. The sands were white and lovely. But try as he might, Neil missed seeing one thing. He could not find any Tasmanian devils!
Paul was elated the Saints finally made it to the superbowl. Paul gathered all his family to watch the game. They were all nervous and excited. They all cheered as the Saints closed out the game. Paul and his family went downtown to celebrate.
Tom loved working on car engines. He didn't care about looks. Tom made his car incredibly fast. He would take it to the track and race other cars. They never expected him to beat them.
Mom makes me cookies. Mom got down the flour. Next a big bowl and sugar. Mom said I could help. The cookies were awesome.
Mark was very sick. He was coughing badly. Then he noticed blood in his mucus. He decided to go to the emergency room. Luckily he was going to be okay.
Jim's father was never around. He was very close to his mom instead. One day, he was told that his father was very sick. Knowing his father was on his deathbed, he decided to make peace. He saw and talked to his father one day before he died.
Steph turned on his car radio. Several stations played the same song. This irritated him. He decided to punch the radio. It completely broke.
Kelly loved Starbucks. She went there everyday. When Kelly went to the Starbucks today she got something different. She ordered off the secret menu. It was amazing.
Noelle was living in New York City. She wanted to settle down and start a family. Her husband was from a small town in Missouri. They load up all of their belongings and headed west. They started a new life in Missouri.
Susie loved trading. She traded everyday. Only problem was her current chart pattern failed her. Susie was then quite upset. But luckily she found a new one.
In New Mexico the Motor Vehicle Department requires emissions tests. Most of the time these are located in mechanic shops or gas stations. Today I saw one at a Thai restaurant. I can't imagine who decided that was a good idea. They must have good food though because there was a full parking lot.
Sam Bradford played quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles. He was not that good and the Eagles had a losing record last season. Bradford turned down a huge contract to be resigned. This spring, the Eagles drafted a quarterback. A few days ago, the Eagles got rid of Bradford, finally.
Carl wanted a motorcycle. So he saved up money and bought one. But his friend warned him that motorcycles were dangerous to drive. Carl didn't listen and broke the speed limit on a freeway. But a near miss with a car made him rethink driving a motorcycle.
Tim was late on his car payments. He had recently been fired from his job for incompetence. An agent repossessed his car the following day. Without having a car, Tim was unable to attend job interviews. Tim eventually became homeless as the result of a vicious cycle.
Frank set out to develop a taste for beans. He had spent most of his life avoiding them. He tried black beans, and did not like them. He tried pinto beans, and did like them. Frank was gratified to have tried something new.
Grandma loves it when 9 year old Matthew comes to visit. She and Matthew often make crafts together. Grandma saves bits of cardboard and other scraps for this purpose. One visit they built a big cardboard robot covered in aluminum foil. Months later, Matthew still talks about that robot.
Jim had to get ready for school. As he began getting dressed he realized he had no clean clothes. He frantically searched every drawer and closet but could find none. He sulked as he realized he would miss the school bus. Sadly, he gave up and went back to bed.
A few years ago there was a big oil spill. It polluted the ocean. It caused a lot of problems with the ocean life. It mutated many animals. Oil companies are more careful about their equipment now.
There was a fly buzzing around in the bathroom. Since I needed to go, I went to the bathroom in spite of the fly. When I came out of the bathroom, the fly had disappeared. Where did the fly go? Theories from friends include that I had eaten the fly.
Tom was going out with friends. One of them wound up wearing the same shirt as him. They met at the bar so it was hard to change. Both laughed about it a bit and stopped caring. Within minutes it was mostly forgotten.
Tom was excited to use his new gas grill. He unfortunately forgot to turn it off after using it the first time. That night, Tom heard a large boom. His grill had exploded! Tom's garage and grill were both destroyed.
Jared is a graphic designer. Every day, he has to deal with awful requests for site designs. Last week, a client asked him to put a background over a login button. He gets stupid requests like that all the time. It frustrates him to no end.
Christine put off her Christmas shopping until the last minute. She finally went to the mall on the morning of December 22nd. She couldn't find anything to get for several people. Christine gave them gift cards instead. She vowed to never put off holiday shopping again.
Tanya went to the barber for a haircut and picked out an outfit. The next day, she walked with her class into the photo room. The photographer told her to come. She was positioned in front of the camera. The photographer took a picture of her smiling.
Martha loved teaching history. She did her best to keep the children's attention. She told her class children of the past were very similar to them. The young ones of Pompeii played the Floor Is Lava game. Martha explained there was just a lot more screaming for them.
Georgia is the mother of my friend Phil. She lives in another town about 3 hours away. I think she is getting confused because last night she called me. She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor's office. I'm not sure who she thought she had called.
Todd found out his two best friends are getting married. He felt bad since he was the last one to be single. That night he went to the bar to drink alone. While he was there he started talking to an attractive girl. He thought he found the one, but she was taken so he drank some more.
James always wanted to be a writer. He started writing at a young age. He wrote his first novel at 15. James submitted the book to publishers. The book was published and James became famous.
Andy was in his Yoga class, when the unbelievable happened. Andy, while doing a difficult Yoga pose, broke his thumb. Andy screamed in pain, as he could see his thumb bone sticking out. However, Andy's Yoga teacher quickly got him to the ER for care. Andy was relieved that he got his broken thumb bandaged at the ER.
Mike made his living on the Internet. He knew many people with porn sites. The people wanted to test those sites. Mike found Mturk and people to test the sites. Now a lot of people are making money.
Ray liked to help his dad with projects around the house. Sometimes Ray was clumsy and his dad got frustrated. Ray decided not to help anymore and sulked instead. His dad realized it was important to Ray and felt badly. He arranged special projects for them to work on together.
Diane was excited for her business trip. It was her first international account. She packed her bags in advanced and made sure she had her passport. The night before, she double-checked everything. However, she forgot to set her alarm and missed her flight.
Jane was dragged to a metal concert by her boyfriend. He wanted to go toward the stage. They were pushed around and she got her nose broken He was having too much fun to notice. She never went to another concert with him again.
Neil went to the ruins of Petra in Jordan. His guide told him about Petra's history. He also walked Neil through the ancient streets. Neil took many photographs of Petra. He thought the ancient site was awe-inspiring!
Tom was mountain biking. He took a wrong turn and got lost. It was hours before he found his way back. Tom ran out of water. He chugged a bunch as soon as he got to some.
I heard chocolate could lower blood pressure. Having hypertension, I wanted to try it. I ate dark chocolate every day for a week. I thought it was amazing. At the end of the week my blood pressure was still high.
Hank and I wanted to go to the movies. The candy at the movie theater is really expensive. We went to the grocery store and bought our own candy. We snuck the candy into the movie theater. We ended up having enough money to see two movies.
Troy's son was getting too big for his bike. The boy's birthday was coming up soon. Troy decided to buy him a bigger bike. His son loved the new bike. They donated the old bike to a center in town.
Richard had just put out his first album. His first ever royalty check had just came in. He had dreamed of this moment since he was a child. He quickly opened the envelope and saw a check for eight dollars. Richard quickly realized his dream job doesn't pay well.
Oswald wanted to learn to drive. He signed up for driving lessons. During his first lesson, he ran over a squirrel. Oswald felt guilty and quit his lessons. Oswald decided to never drive again.
Jane has to prepare for a biology test. Jane study every day. When the test came up, Jane got nervous. Jane fail the test because she worried too much. Afterwards, Jane was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder.
One day, Erin decided to have a drink. It was very late at night. Nobody could drive her home. She decided to drive home herself. She woke up crashed in her front yard.
Barry has been training for almost six months for a marathon. Barry enrolled in an upcoming marathon in his hometown. On race day, Barry was nervous, yet excited about running the race. There were times during the race that Barry wanted to give up. However, Barry kept pushing, and he finished his first marathon.
Tom liked Anna a lot. He wanted to court her. He went to her parents to ask permission. They said yes. He was elated.
Sarah woke up and took a shower. After her shower, she looked for something to wear. Sarah could not find anything to wear because her clothes were dirty. Sarah grabbed all the laundry in the house. She put all the dirty clothes in the washer one load at a time.
After dinner, Jack decided to go out and get some ice cream. He went to his favorite ice cream parlor, near his house. He looked over the list of flavors and chose a chocolate cone. He sat at the picnic table and enjoyed his dessert. He decided to buy some in a cup to take home for later.
I wanted to know that she loved me. So I drove to her house without any notice. I ran to her front door and opened it. She stood up and looked at me. I could see it in her eyes that it was indeed love.
Matt had always admired people that race remote control cars. He asked his parents to help him build a car. His dad took him down to the hobby shop to get what they needed. They built a car to the best of their abilities. Matt races his car at the local track but did not win.
My friend's mom died of COPD, caused by smoking. She was only 58. My friend went to a hypnotist to stop smoking. Today someone posted a photo of her smoking in the rain. I guess the hypnotist did not work.
The Barton family arrived at their hotel. They had never been to this island before. It was a beautiful place. They played many games and also relaxed on the island. They all agreed it was a beautiful place.
When Ike went to the casino it was very busy. He took his chips to a poker table but it was full. He tried waiting until someone left. No one moved from their seat for a long time. Ike gave up and went to the slots for a while.
Jon was a man in the army travelling with a convoy. The convoy was going to a distant base in the desert. Suddenly, a bomb went off and Jon had to grab a gun. Jon and his fellow soldiers fought off the enemy and left. The convoy made it to the base and Jon celebrated.
Carl was trying to learn how to draw. But he struggled to draw simple 3 dimensional shapes. He decided to draw abstract patterns instead. And friends began to like his work. Carl ended up making lots of money with his abstract art pieces.
Louie wanted to open a laser tag arena since he was in high school. He got a bunch of his friends together. They all pitched in to build the arena in a warehouse. They worked for months on the project. They finished last summer and now Louie has his dream business!
Joan brought her kids to the shelter to find a pet. She showed her kids a cute poodle like one she once owned. The kids were drawn to a forlorn looking puppy with a crooked tail. Joan saw how the kids looked at the puppy. They went home with the crooked tailed puppy.
Tom is cleaning. Tom sees something shiny in the trash. He searches through the trash. He finds a pot of gold. Tom buys himself a house and lives happily ever after.
Kathy decided to cook poppy seed chicken. She had never used her grandmother's recipe before. She bought all the ingredients and followed the recipe. She was excited when her kitchen began to smell good. Kathy tried the dish and it was great.
I went to the store. I spent my last two dollars on tofu. When I opened the tofu it smelled horrible. I had to throw it out. I didn't have anything to eat that night.
Danny entered his film into a contest. He had to wait weeks to hear the results. Finally, the winner was announced. Danny won second place. He claimed his prize later.
The instructor told Tim to start driving. He reversed his car and started to move forward. When he crossed a four way intersection, he didn't look to the right. A car ended up crashing into his car. The instructor immediately failed him.
Jennie loved to dance and jump in the air. A friend told her about cheerleading tryouts at school. Though Jennie was nervous, she attended the tryouts. She was accepted on the squad! Jennie was then able to dance and cheer for her school football team.
Kay was invited to prom. But she did not have a nice dress! She could not afford to buy one, either. But she sat down with her needle and thread and worked. She sewed her own beautiful prom dress for no money at all!
John went to the horse races last weekend. He decided to bet on them. He started winning and bet even more. Eventually he lost everything he had won. He considered it breaking even and went home.
Kelly loved making pillows. She got down to making a dozen of them last month. When she was done she decided to donate them. People were thankful to have them. She decided to make more.
Mia was reluctant to let her toddler, Grace play with her phone. Grace would cry and cry pleading her mom to let her use the phone. Mia one day after having a great day at work decided to reward Grace. She lent her the phone and proceeded to make dinner for the night. When she went to check on Grace her phone was broken in half.
Kelly was playing basketball. As she went for a lay up, she fell hard and heard a pop. She could not get up. The trainers rushed over. Kelly had dislocated her knee.
Ty wanted to try out for his school's drumline. Ty spent weeks practicing drills on his drums. He asked members of the drumline for help. Ty tried out for the drumline. He was excited to find out he made it.
Jeanie didn't know how to swim. Her friends made fun of her for being unable to swim. One day, Jeanie decided she had enough. She jumped into the deep end of the pool at her school. Jeanie wasn't bullied any more because she was dead.
Holly was working at the cash register. A customer brought a headband to the counter. The customer handed Holly a $100 bill. The bill was fake. Holly refused the money.
I went to the church yesterday and something happened to me. I was so embarrassed because of my shoes. While walking,my shoes opened on side and anyone can notice it. So i rush to the nearest shoe stall to buy new. I won't let that happen again.
Tom had been preparing for baseball tryouts all winter. He knew that spring came quick and wanted to be prepared. Tom's dad would take him to the batting cages everyday. So that once tryouts came, he could hit the ball well. On the day of tryouts Tom wowed the coaches and made the team.
Nick and Anna had been dating for a year. Nick went to dinner to meet Anna's family. He was very nervous that they'd hate him. But during dinner, everyone laughed and had a good time! Nick was so relieved that Anna's parents liked him!
I turned on music to help me concentrate. It began to energize me. I started working faster and more efficiently. I really enjoyed listening to the music. I played it all day long for motivation.
The Greek army went to war with the Trojans. They fought for many years. Both sides suffered heavy losses. The Greeks won a strategic battle. The Greeks won the war.
Michael owned a red truck from the 1950s. He worked very hard to take good care of the truck. While driving the truck to work he was t-boned by another vehicle. Michael attempted to repair the truck without success. Michael reluctantly sold the truck to a scrapyard.
Earl bought a lamp at a yard sale but it didn't have a shade. He took it to the lamp store to find a shade. The clerk was very rude to him so he left. Earl decided to buy fabric from the craft store and make one instead. The end result pleased Earl greatly.
Today we were down by two turrets in League. Dave was playing top Jax. The guy was besting his lane every way possible. We had won a team fight, and Dave Pushed. Dave won the game by destroying the Nexus.
Nelson loved tennis so much, he would play anytime. He played one day when it was raining. As he ran to hit the ball, he slipped on the wet court. Nelson broke his arm. Now he can't play tennis for 2 months.
Kim really loved the rain. But it rarely rained in her area. One day, she woke up to the sound of rainfall however. And it made her really happy. And she decided to take a beautiful walk through her neighborhood.
Emma had smoked since she was a teen. Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her. Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking. Emma was so touched by Sal's plea. She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day.
I was suppose to play rugby at the park this weekend. The only problem was I have no idea the rules. I spent the night watching videos and reading the rules. After many hours of research I learned the rules. On Saturday I played rugby and had a blast.
The janitor needed to clean his mop. He took it to the sink. He got it out. He washed it. He put it away.
Bo wanted a tasty crunchy topping for her sweet buns. She tried sunflower seeds, but they were too big. She tried sesame seeds, but her mom was allergic. Then she thought of another option: poppy seeds! Everybody in the family loved her tasty poppyseed muffins.
During class, the professor reviewed the material fast. As a result, I started to fall asleep during class. Since I sat in the front, the teacher immediately noticed. He tried waking me up. I received a small warning in order to remain awake.
Beth really enjoyed science fiction. She began to dream of meeting aliens. One day, she saw something fall from the sky. Quickly she ran to see if it was a spaceship. To her disappointment, it was just a satellite.
Ron and his wife buy a house that needs a lot of work. They spend lots of time and money fixing it up. They redo the kitchen and the bathroom. They put the house on the market. Ron makes lots of money on the house.
Joan hadn't been feeling like herself lately. She also missed her period. She took a pregnancy test. It was positive. She and her partner were very excited.
Mark wanted to buy a new laptop. He went to the electronics store to check some out. He tested different ones and found the one he liked. Then he went home and found the best deal online. He got it within a couple of days and was really happy.
I am saving up for a big purchase at the end of the year. Every month I tuck away a small amount of my income for the purchase. Still, it feels like I am never getting any closer to my purchase. I seem to always find a need for the money I have tucked away. Perhaps I can set up a better block on my spending somehow.
Suzy bought some calls in a stock. She thought it would go higher. But contrary to her belief the stock tanked. Suzy was horrified. She lost all her money.
Rick always thought that he was a great bowler. He was invited to a bowling tournament in his home town. He ended up scoring 270 and needed one more strike to win. He managed to get the last strike and won. He was awarded a first place trophy.
Kate bought new shampoo. She liked the smell of it. Unfortunately it made her hair look really bad. And didn't feel all that clean. Kate wound up having to throw it away.
Alex loved bugs. He liked to turn over rocks to try to find bugs. One day he found lots of worms and spiders. The rock he was looking under fell on his finger. He needed to go to the doctor and have his finger checked out.
Jake never cooked dinner. He thought he would surprise his girlfriend. He looked up online how to cook a fancy dinner. Jake only messed up small parts of it. His girlfriend loved the gesture.
Ed was going on a trip to find gold. He was excited because he knew he'd become rich. He thought of all the things he could do with the money. When the trip finally arrived he realized he was scared of the stream. He forgot his fears and panned for gold anyways.
The teacher introduced us to a new chapter in the book. He spoke too fast since the chapter was extremely long. After a half an hour, the whole class became confused. Some students decided to leave early. Although I was lost, I tried to remain in class and ask questions.
Tracy lived at the end of her small town. It took her two minutes to reach the center. And it took two more to reach the other end. As she loved running the whole way, it didn't take very long. And it made her feel very powerful to cover her whole town so fast.
Eric decided he wanted to fix his lawnmower. Eric found some tools and began to look for instructions. His dad gave him some tips to fixing it. They then began to work on it together. Eric and his dad fixed the lawnmower and bonded while doing it!
The coach hired a new assistant. The new assistant did not get along with the kids. The coach asked the assistant to be nicer. The assistant made an effort. The kids accepted the new assistant.
Tom studied really hard for a test. He thought he got a perfect grade. When he got the assignment back it was much lower. Tom argued with his teacher over it. Unfortunately the grade wasn't changed.
The door was locked. That only meant one thing to Roger Rumface. He knew he had to get in. He tried every trick in the book, bar breaking it down. If only he had realized it was a painting.
Today I was talking to my friend Jayce about Facebook. He giggled and mentioned that he could see everything I liked. Curious, I asked why he was laughing. He clapped me on the shoulder and mentioned BDSM videos I had liked. My face grew white as I realized my family sees Facebook, too.
The woman walking down the street reached into her bag. She pulled out her lipstick. She put it on her lips. She placed it back into her bag. The lipstick remained in her purse for the rest of her walk.
Stan injured his shoulder playing handball. He went to the doctor, who diagnosed a torn ligament. The doctor recommended surgery. After the surgery, Stan still had pain when he played handball. Stan quit playing handball, and took up cycling instead.
I was walking through the woods today. I happened to stumble upon a tree with something sticking out of it. Come to find out what was sticking out of it was a metal tap. A tap is used for collecting sap that comes from maple trees. I could even see sap dripping into buckets below the taps.
Marvin decided to run a marathon. He started running every day, and gradually increased his distance. He thought he was ready to run his first marathon. After running eighteen miles, Marvin had to rest. He walked the rest of the way, but was pleased to finish the race.
Cora had a very strange dancing style. She made everyone laughed when she was at parties. It didn't bother her one bit as she knew she was unique. But when her dancing style caught on, she was displeased. Everyone danced like her and she wasn't unique anymore.
Jim was tired of sitting around the house. He came up with a plan. He decided to go on an adventure. He went hiking. He went to the mountains and had fun.
A large thunderstorm occurred around my neighborhood. My electricity went out a few minutes later. Since I couldn't use the stove, I set up a campfire. I placed several pieces of chicken on a stick. Around nighttime, I lighted several candles.
Paul needed a job so he went into a store to ask for work. The owner told Paul that they did not need any more staff. Then Paul argued with the owner. The owner became angry and threw Paul out of his store. Paul told the owner that he forgave him and still wanted work.
One day, I went to a cafe and ordered a sandwich. I told the waiter to put extra pork in my sandwich. Alas, he did not put extra pork. I complained to him. He told me he was sorry and he gave me a discount.
Seth was a rebellious 9th grader who would not listen. Seth was constantly mouthing off to his teachers. Finally one of his teachers confronted him. Seth spit in the teachers face. Seth was sent home and later kicked out of school.
Sally was woken up by the sound of the fire alarm. She grabbed her robe and ran outside and called the fire department. They arrived but were unable to find a fire. They fixed the fire alarm and told Sally the house was safe. Sally went inside and tried to go back to bed.
Susan usually had her Christmas chores done by the first of December. This year she had not even started decorating and it was the 10th! She decided to figure out what to do. She planned a mental health day off work and got busy at home. By December 11th she had almost everything caught up.
I had a bunch of old bread that I didn't want to waste. I decided to walk to the pond and feed the ducks. When I got there the ducks swarmed me for the free food. They were very greedy and would eat as fast as I could feed them. After I fed them all the bread I walked home.
I had to do an mTurk hit on something other than Chrome. I tried Firefox and Opera. I got error messages. I was only able to do mTurk on Chrome. I hope things get better soon.
I was at my aunt's house. I was shooting a bottle with a gun. I kept missing. The sight was off. Adjusting my aim helped.
Tim was walking to class one morning. His town began to fill up with fog all of a sudden. The fog became so extreme that Tim could hardly see. Tim walked around aimlessly in the fog for an hour. He eventually missed his first class before the fog cleared enough.
My boyfriend and I spent the holidays with my parents in Tennessee. During our trip, it started to snow. Being from California, my boyfriend hasn't really seen snow. We made snow cream together. He was so excited for his snow day.
I moved into a new apartment. The apartment did not allow pets. I had a small dog that I wanted to hide. Unfortunately, the apartment manager found out about it. After paying a five hundred dollar fee, they let me keep my dog.
My Dad was in the military when I was in elementary and middle school. We had to move around a lot to different parts of the country. I had to learn how to quickly adapt to new people and new cultures. We did not settle into a community until I was in high school. At school, I did not have adjustment problems unlike most of my peers.
Ben wanted a job where he could travel. He applied for a job as the captain of a freighter. He was qualified, and he got the job. Ben was so happy. Now he would be able to see the world!
It was time to take the old Halloween jack-o-lanterns to the garbage. Stacie picked up the first jack-o-lantern. Suddenly, a small mouse ran out of the carved pumpkin's face. Stacie screamed. Stacie called her husband to remove the remaining jack-o-lanterns.
Wesley loved animals. His favorite pets were the rabbits. He spent time with them whenever possible. He fed them regularly. He put them to bed at night.
It was going to be one of those days. I could tell as soon as I woke up. I couldn't seem to catch anything. I sat in front of my computer feeling annoyed. I wanted to just give up.
Leah was a vegan. As a result she was limited. For breakfast she wanted something new. She decided on avocado on toast. It tasted amazing.
Mark's family was hungry. He had a pack of steaks in the freezer. Mark thawed the steaks. He cooked them with some onions and mushrooms. Mark ate dinner with his family.
Beth likes flowers. One day Beth decided to start her own garden. Beth went to the store to buy supplies. Beth planted many seeds. Beth is now patiently waiting for the flowers to grow.
Andrew's landlord let him know the rent was going up next month. Andrew's income wasn't large enough to handle the increase. He looked online for more job opportunities. He couldn't find a job that would meet his demands. Andrew moved back into his parent's house.
Taylor didn't want to go to school. She had been fighting with friends and was nervous. She decided to pretend she was sick. When her mom came in, she acted ill and said she felt bad. Her mom knew she wasn't really sick but let her stay anyways.
I went to a nightclub alone. I began dancing with other people. They laughed at me for being off beat. I decided to practice dancing at home. Soon, I became the best dancer at the nightclub.
Tom wanted cereal for breakfast. They didn't have enough milk for it. He poured out what was left. He watered it down a bit more. It was barely enough to satisfy him.
Randall is running late for work. Instead of taking his bike, he decides he should take the bus. Luckily, he catches the bus just before it leaves. Randall arrives at work just in time. He is glad he wasn't late.
The band was playing a concert in a loud bar. The patrons could not hear them playing at all. The band leader asked the manager if he could turn up the speakers. The manager refused and told him to get back to playing. In protest the band just pretended to play their set.
My roommate and I bought a new futon for our living room. The futon came in a huge box. We set the box out on the curb to be picked up on trash day. Much to our chagrin, the garbage men left the box on the curb. We had to take the box to the dump ourselves.
Joey was so excited that he was going to be a big brother. His parents even asked his opinion when they were talking about names. He was hoping for a brother. When the big day came he waited at the hospital with his grandparents. Then he got to hold his new baby sister.
I came to class early in order to find a good seat. Five minutes later, some kids came inside the classroom. One girl was staring at me. She eventually said my name. I realized that it was Nancy, a friend from middle school.
Annie was extremely lazy she never washes her clothing. She would simply spray air freshener over it. One day she forgets to spray her clothing. She went to school smelling awful. Annie now washes all her clothing regularly.
Pam had been working at her job for 18 months. She was a hard working nurse. Pam never complained about her job. She always faced each challenge with a smile. Her manager rewarded her hard work with a big promotion.
Frita has been at her new school for a week. No one has tried talking to her yet. At lunch a girl finally sat with her. She found out that everyone was intimidated by how tall she was. Now Frita is finally making friends.
Fred and Tim decided to play air hockey. The two raced each other for awhile. Fred ended up winning. Tim was quite bummed out. Tim had wanted to win.
Ursula needed to clean her house. She was out of cleaning rags and needed more. She decided to make her own out of old clothes. The only old clothes she had were barely worn but ugly underwear. She had plenty of rags and finished her cleaning.
Gene was thinking of buying a new home. He went and looked at homes on the market. Gene found a home he liked. Gene made a bid on the home. He was able to purchase the home.
Madison was getting contacts for the first time. Before she could go she had to pass a test. She needed to prove that she could put the contacts in herself. She was having a really hard time and was getting frustrated. Luckily, she was finally able to do it.
Tom was interested in deep sea fishing. So he went to Annapolis for his first year of college. He did not really enjoy the Navy. So he decided to drop out of the Naval Academy. He got a dishonorable discharge.
With the sand at my feet and the wind in my hair I lay my blanket down. I'm immersed in an unknown culture with the sun shining down. A thought appears, and I walk over to the bar. I order the strongest drink they have, and take it in both hands. I lay there until it's gone, drunk and happy with no sense of time.
Melissa has been dating a boy for 3 months. One day the boy tells Melissa he wants to break up. He tells her he has found someone new. Melissa asks who the girl is. The boy tells her he's in love with Melissa's sister.
I felt that my legs were too hairy. I decided to shave them even though I'm a man. Everyone at school laughed. I felt very sad that people made fun of me. I promised myself I would never shave my legs again.
Christy loved her dog Coco. One day Coco went missing. Christy and her family searched everywhere for Coco but to no avail. The next day, Christy's neighbor Sean knocked at her front door. As it turned out, Coco had simply run off to play at Sean's house.
My daughter went to the mall. She decided to get her ears pierced at the store. She picked out new earrings. A technician held the piercing gun to her ear lobes. She pushed the trigger and pierced her ears in a few seconds.
Ed had an extra class slot in his senior schedule. He decided to take a chemistry class. He thought it would be very difficult. But he found that it was fun and challenging, not too hard. Ed was so glad he had chosen chemistry!
Donna skipped lunch at work in order to save money. Donna decided to make a sandwich at home. When Donna arrived home and realized there was no bread. Donna decided to make a lettuce wrap. Donna then realized that she was out of lettuce.
There was a curious scene on the playground. A bee had fallen out of the air and was stumbling on the pavement. Several kids wanted to kill it, while several others didn't. The kids who wanted to save the bee had formed a circle around it. Their blockade saved it from the other kids it until it flew away.
It was Halloween night and Susie was handing out candy. Instantly the doorbell rang. When Susie answered the door, she was shocked. She had never seen something more scary. The monster at the door was horrifying.
Taylor loved to use his computer. He would use it almost everyday. One day, he decided to turn his computer on. His computer froze so he rushed to the store. Finally, his computer was fixed and was able to boot.
I always come home late at night. I thought it was safe until one night something happened to me. A stranger come near to me and tried to grab my hand. I shouted until someone noticed us so the stranger ran away. From that night i never walk alone late at night.
Sheila's best friends were millionaires. Each holiday season she would send them a gift. It was very hard to shop for people who have everything. She bought them specialty popcorn and chocolates. Her friends looked forward to the treats every year.
A baker began to close shop after a hard day of work. Suddenly, it began to rain very hard and the baker couldn't leave. He turned the radio on and heard that there was a flash flood warning. The baker had to wait for a few hours before he could leave. When he finally left, he was grateful to be going home.
Sara heard a crashing noise in her backyard. She looked out the window. The huge oak tree had fallen over and the roots were pulled out. Sara hired a company to remove the tree. They counted the trunk rings and told Sara it was 100 years old!
Jack wanted to purchase a necklace for Amy's Christmas gift. He went to the jewelry store to look at necklaces. The one he wanted was too expensive. He went home and searched online. He was very happy to find one similar for $80 less than in store.
The manager called me into his office this morning. He informed me I was one of three people who might get a promotion. I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar. I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary! In the end, I didn't get the promotion and my hopes were dashed!
Margot goes to the doctor. She is scared of getting a shot. The doctor checks her ears and nose. Then, he checks her heartbeat. She is healthy and goes home happy.
Brittany loved her long hair. One day she got it study in the hair dryer. She had to cut it out. She cut her hair short to fix it. Brittany missed her long hair.
The family was headed on an adventure. They were going to the amusement park! They'd never ridden roller coasters before. They stood in line for an hour for the new ride. At the last second, they chickened out!
Tom entered a dance competition at a club. He was surprisingly good. Tom got into the finals. He tried something new he hadn't done before. It went great and he won.
The Smiths drove to the mountains to cut a live Christmas tree. They searched for over an hour before finding the perfect tree. Just as Mr Smith saw about to swing the ax, they noticed a nest. There were baby birds in the tree. They decided to chop down a different tree.
I went to Whole Foods today. And I felt like eating sushi. But I knew there sushi wasn't always fresh. Though I decided it buy a salmon avocado roll anyway. Afterwards, I regret not just going to a sushi restaurant.
Gina's brother Jay had eaten cookies belonging to their mom. When she inquired Gina pointed the finger at Jay. He was rude and unapologetic when confronted. Their mother was incredibly angry with him. She decided to let their dad handle the issue.
One day, Ben was bored and looking for adventure. Ben looked in the newspaper and saw that a carnival was in town. Ben ran out the door and drove to the carnival on his own. Ben had so much fun at the carnival and even had a funnel cake. When he got home he was glad he had gone on his solo adventure.
Kathy had to take care of her ailing father. She enjoyed the time she got to spend with him. One night they talked a lot. She also read his favorite passage in a book. By the time she woke up, he had peacefully passed on.
It was a hot summer morning. Jake went outside to retrieve his newspaper. He screamed in pain when he stepped on the piping hot pavement. Jake got burned because he wasn't wearing any shoes. Jake had to go to the hospital in order to treat his burns.
I prepared Thanksgiving dinner last year for my family. I spent all day cooking the food. I tried a new method for baking the turkey. When dinner was ready, the turkey was not done. We still had a great day without the turkey.
Ariel didn't know how to tie her shoes properly. The shoes came untied sometime in the day. Ariel was running with her friends. She stepped on the loose shoelace. Ariel tripped and fell over.
Last week I ordered an engineering book. I assumed it would come in about a week. However to my surprise the next day, the door rang. It was the delivery man. He had my book and I was in shock how fast that was.
There was a hurricane warning inside of the school. The security guards told all of the classmates to stand still. All of us were in the cafeteria and couldn't get out. A few hours later, the hurricane watch was called off. All of us ran outside in a happy manner.
Jan and her best friend, Elly, wanted to take a road trip. They decided to drive to New York City, since they'd never been there. Jan was all ready to go when her car wouldn't start. She really wanted to travel with Elly and didn't know what to do. Elly suggested a bus instead, and they loved their careless road trip.
I went back out of the door. My partner was with a friend. She was drinking coffee. It's good to let another salesperson have room. It was at a Starbucks.
Paul was given a bike for his birthday. But it was a cheap brand. He felt embarrassed to ride it. But he didn't want to waste his present. Eventually, Paul bought a more expensive bike.
It was too hot outside to do anything. The friends decided just to watch tv. They wanted a lot of silly made for tv movies. Then they watched the news. They had wasted the whole day on the couch.
Dan bought a foreclosed house years ago. He has spent the past years fixing it up. He installed new floors, new appliances and painted the whole thing. He got it appraised and then sold it for a lot. Dan made over a fifty percent profit on that house!
Finch loved to go fishing with his friends. He was always seeking new places to catch fish. He caught all of the fish from his favorite lake. Finch left the lake and looked for new lakes to fish. Finch found a new lake and caught many more fish.
Gary had a friend visiting. He was telling a story to his friend. Gary's daughter interrupted him. Gary couldn't remember what he was speaking about. Gary told his daughter not to interrupt people.
Ed quit his job after he got tired of his boss yelling at him. Instead of another job, Ed began to be a professional gambler. He read books about counting cards and winning poker. Ed amassed a fortune in no time. He was able to retire and not have to work another day in his life.
Janet has always been very ticklish. She avoids telling people because she can't control her reaction. Janet's husband came up behind her and began to tickle her sides. Janet flinched and ended up accidentally elbowing him in the eye. Janet's husband no longer tickles her.
I went shopping on Black Friday morning with my mom. We stopped at a department store that had great deals that day. I went into the dressing room to try on a few things. I left my own pants in the dressing room with my wallet inside. When I returned to the dressing room, someone had taken the cash out.
Scott lives life young and reckless. He goes to parties and takes drugs often. One night, he went to a party and did cocaine and heroin. This caused him to overdose. They sent him to the hospital but he died.
Lindsey loved reading fantasy novels. She started writing a fantasy story in middle school. She slowly edited it and worked on it for years. She finally finished at the end of high school. She hopes to be a popular fantasy author.
Jean brought her son Chris to play at my house every afternoon. She and my Mom would visit while we played. Our favorite game was to jump off the porch and pretend we could fly. Chris sent me a friend request on Facebook today. I was sure he was going to be a pilot!
I had terrible nightmares last night. I dreamed about being chased. In my dream, I was burned by fire. Somehow I survived the fire. I woke up frightened and shaking.
Our friends from Brazil rented a condo on the second floor. Their boys, 6 and 8, were noisy. The neighbor downstairs complained constantly. One day he heard some music and actually liked it. He ended up befriending the family.
Gina was getting ready for the prom. She had on her dress and shoes. She put on her makeup. She checked herself in the mirror. When her date arrived, she smiled broadly.
Rosa was gaining weight. She realized it was from her unhealthy snacking after school. Every day she would munch on chips and cookies. So she switched to carrot sticks and yogurt. Soon Rosa had lost her extra weight!
Kim was getting ready to have a baby. She had no clue what to name her child. She searched everywhere for a nice name. Kim went into labor and still didn't have a name. The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor.
The family drove back home. They had come from a dinner. The dinner was an hour away. They got their picture taken with a coach. It was Dennis Franchione.
Allie got something in the mail. She saw it was flowers. She was very grateful. She watered them everyday. They lasted a long time.
Cayla was running in the park one day when she fell to the grass. She tried to stand back up but the world around her was spinning. She started to cry and her mom ran to her to care for her. She told her mom everything was spinning and they went to the ER. The ER Doctor diagnosed Cayla with having vertigo.
Waylon moved across the country to try to make a life for himself. The economy was bad and he had trouble getting a job. Waylon didn't have enough money to pay rent. He soon was hungry and miserable. Waylon moved back home.
Yancy was tilling his corn crops one summer morning. A salesman drove up selling seed. Yancy bought some and planted what he thought was corn. A few weeks later, he noticed it was watermelon. Yancy cursed the salesmen for the wrong seed.
Trista had a pet bird. She never clipped his wings to prevent him from flying. One day she was cleaning his cage and he flew out. I then opened her door to walk into her apartment. When I opened the door the bird flew away.
Carl and Pablo were playing video games. But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke. They had to take turns playing. But Carl was getting impatient. Their only controller left became broken too.
Steve wanted to buy a new lawn mower but he didn't have enough money. He went on his computer to see if there were any coupons. Alas, Steve didn't find any that were for enough money. Steve opened up photoshop and made his own coupon. The clerk at the hardware store was fooled by Steve's coupon.
Tom bought a brand new puppy for his family. They all agreed that they would help take care of it. After a few months, Tom was the only one taking care of it. He trained it and cared for it all by himself. Ton liked it though and he grew a bond with the dog.
My tutor was explaining a problem to me. He was impatient and scolded me for any mistake I've made. Eventually, I was annoyed by his words. I rose from my heart and told him to stop tutoring me. He walked away.
Clara was terrible at sports. Every gym class was a nightmare for her. No one ever wanted to be her partner. But then a kind girl named Christie observed Clara's pain. Christie decided to make it a point to be Clara's permanent partner.
Jen strained as she lugged her suitcase up the stairs. Luckily, a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help. The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage. They smiled as they parted ways, the stranger leaving to another room. It took Jen a moment to parse she was now empty-handed in the hallway.
Riley looked at a BB gun every time he went to the store. He asked his parents for it several times. They kept telling him he would have to wait. Christmas day came. There was a BB gun for Riley under the tree!
Ross felt ready to have a cat. He went to the animal shelter and looked around. He saw a tiny kitten with big green eyes. He pet him slowly and the cat hissed. Ross went back home traumatized and saw he wasn't ready to have a cat.
Howard gave his friend some money as a loan. His friend was supposed to pay him back days ago. Howard confronted his friend about it. His friend made excuses. Howard decided to stop lending him money.
Jane was riding on the subway at night. Jane became scared since she thought someone was dangerous. Jane began to switch to the other subway car. Jane had noticed he did not follow her. Jane felt relief that the person was not dangerous.
A pair of Sandhill cranes appeared outside in the front lawn. An older man and woman admired the beauty of the birds. They discussed the birds all morning. The couple likened their relationship to the two birds. Once the birds flew away, the couple went inside and took a nap.
I met a girl named Anna. We talked for hours about life. We went for a walk. She said I was one of the nicest guy she's met. She kissed me out of nowhere.
I visited my friends lake house in New York. By his house, a lot of people go cliff jumping. My friend and I decided to join in on the fun. I climbed to the top of the cliff and I was terrified. Finally, I jumped off the cliff and it was so much fun!
The police officer pulled me over. He gave me a ticket for speeding. It caused me to be late for work. My boss was understanding. He even paid me for the time I missed.
Jackie has worked in the same office for almost 25 Year's. One day she decides she needs a change. She quits her job and decides to take a month off of work to travel. Although she is intimidated, she is also very excited. Jackie feels grateful that she never has to see that office again.
Today my teacher called my friend and I to her desk. She told us we were reported for plagiarism. When I asked why, she said because our answers were too similar. My friend and I shared a look. Then I reminded her this was a collaborative group effort project.
Morgan roder her bike to the beach. She went swimming for an hour. She got back on her bike and saw a flat tire. She stopped at a gas station to fix her tire. She then rode back home.
Martin went to work in the morning. He was running late. He did not want his colleagues to know. He lied to them he went to see a doctor. They believed him.
Kim was trying to fix her sleep schedule. She took sleeping pills and laid down early. She was able to fall asleep soon after. The next morning she woke up a bit late and groggy. She had taken too many sleep aids.
Dan was sitting on a table with his friends. A girl walked out of a building near the table. Since she was beautiful, Dan couldn't stop looking at her. She noticed Dan and felt uncomfortable. She quickly walked away so Dan would stop looking at her.
Jill was out shopping at the mall. She saw a brand new smartphone that she really liked. She knew she didn't have enough money in her bank to buy it. She used her credit card to buy the phone instead. Jill was able to pay off her credit card bill at the end of the month.
Amy walked in her school with attitude. She was determined not to be sucked in Ray. Amy had waited by the phone 3 days for his call. She decided he must be stringing her along. She would show him once and for all.
Ruby got an F on her science term paper. She asked her teacher if she could do some extra credit. That way, she could bring her grade average back up. The teacher agreed and let Ruby write a report on chemistry. Ruby wrote a great report and got her grade average back to a B!
Kirk ran his fingers along the wallpaper. He found a ripple by the edge of the door framing. With care, he pulled the wallpaper back. Kirk leered creepily to the empty hallway. There, written under the wallpaper, was the password.
Ali broke up with her boyfriend and was single again. She was lonely without a boyfriend to do fun things with. She joined a speed dating club and met a lot of new people. One of the new people she met was a nice man called Jamie. She went out on a fun date with Jamie, and they started dating.
My coworker is a health nut. She got into drinking green tea instead of coffee. One day her dentist noticed a slight green tinge in her teeth. She was told it was the green tea. Now all she drinks is water.
Jane woke up early. She smelled cookies being baked. She excitedly went to the kitchen. There weren't any cookies. Her parents just bought a candle that smelled like cookies.
Mike wasn't supposed to make microwave popcorn without permission. But he was so hungry! He decided to sneak into the kitchen to make a bag for himself. He accidentally burned the popcorn! A remorseful Mike realized that everyone could smell what he had done.
Sue loves to browse the internet while she drinks her morning coffee. As she was doing this, the internet suddenly stopped working. Frustrated, she calls the internet provider to get it fixed. A technician is sent to her house right away. The technician arrives by lunchtime and fixes the internet.
Jason needed a new oven. Jason walked to the appliance store. He examined many oven models. He chose a nice white one. He bought the oven and had it delivered to his home.
Megan's friends invited her to the movies. They wanted to see a new horror movie. Megan was scared but she went anyway. Her friends teased her when she got scared. Megan got upset and went home early.
Amy and Kim were going over their friend Lynn's house. Amy called inside from the porch to tell her mom they were leaving. Her mother was in the basement, and hadn't heard her. An hour later her mother was worried when she couldn't find her. An hour later Amy called and her mother finally calmed down.
Martina went to get coffee for breakfast. She ordered the largest coffee at the diner. She took a sip and felt her mouth on fire! She burned her tongue. She had to drink cold water to treat the pain.
Kenny wants to be a big music star. He dreams in his room of becoming one. He finally decides to act on his dream. He packs up all of his things. He moves to Nashville to pursue his goal.
My friend Joe is a philosophy professor. He was the chair of the department for two years. He is only 45 and is considered a rising star. Last week he got promoted to an endowed chair. We sent him a bottle of champagne to congratulate him.
Mike was on his city's Facebook page. He saw an ad for a television. It was a pretty good price so he considered buying. He commented and the guy agreed to bring it by. Mike bought the TV that afternoon.
The teams came together in the arena. They were going to play a huge soccer match. The winner would win the World Cup. The game lasted many hours. Finally, the home team won.
One day, my friends and I were wanting to hang out. We decided to go rock climbing. When we got there, everyone climbed but me. I chickened out. I wish I would've at least tried.
In the fall, I had promised the girls a trip to Jamaica. They fulfilled their end by doing well in school all year. At the end of the school year, I bought us three tickets to Jamaica. The next day, we were on a flight headed for Montego Bay. We landed and went straight to our hotel to start our vacation.
Anne needed to buy a new set of pajamas. She went to the store. The store had a very large selection of pajamas. Anne narrowed her choices down to a red pair or a blue pair. She chose the red pair of pajamas because it was her favorite color.
Sasha spotted a spider. She told her husband. He grabbed a shoe. Then, he hit the spider. It fell on the floor.
Jim had two finals and a paper due tomorrow. He planned his day carefully. He stocked up on mountain dew and started to work. He made progress on all three items. He finally fell asleep two hours before his first final.
When I was 13, I made my first interception in a football game. I was playing linebacker and my coach called a blitz. The other team's quarterback threw it quickly. I saw the ball coming and I jumped to catch it. As soon as I caught it, I ran it back for a touchdown.
Tina got a new job as a cook at a new restaurant. She was very excited. However she found it to be incredibly tiring. The boss had her on her feet all day. Tina was contemplating quitting.
Jill was a very helpful person. When Bob asked Jill for help, she jumped at the chance. Jill tutored Bob in math and science. Bob didn't understand it all, but Jill was helpful. Bob made a B, which he better than he expected.
My mother couldn't make a good pie crust. She tried all different kinds of things, but it never worked. Then, her friend suggested she use ice water in the recipe. My mother did as her friend suggested. It worked great!
Riding in a hot air balloon was on Tim's bucket list. His grandfather had always told him that he wanted to as well. For his grandfather's birthday Tim took him to ride in one. They were captivated by the scenery. Both were scared at first but by the end they vowed to do it again.
It was Mia's first day of kindergarten. Her parents worried that she might start crying. So both of them walked her to the classroom and told her to have fun. Mia turned around and walked into the classroom without looking back. This time is was not the kid, but the parents, who shed a tear.
Gina rode a story to her child. She talked about a boy who helped out a girl with her chores. After reading for a few minutes, the baby fell asleep. She closed the book and put the baby in his crib. He was sleeping calmly.
Michelle got a balloon from the store. She thought the balloon looked awesome. She took it everywhere. Then one day it popped. She had to get another one.
I own a dog whose name is Bill. Bill needs to be sung to sleep at night. But lately my throat has been a bit sore. So tonight I put a Vic Damone record on for Bill. Bill listened to Damone for about 10 minutes then fell fast asleep.
Martin was a sailor enlisted in the navy, stationed on a battleship. During his naval training, he had been taught about torpedoes. He had never seen one in person, though, so he searched the ship. After an hour, he found a torpedo in the ship's storage. He was disappointed, as it was smaller than he expected.
I went on a field trip to a nursery when I was a small child. They gave us each a tomato they had grown right there! My mother set it aside to use in our dinner. When she came back for it, there was a huge chunk missing. My brother, a toddler who loved tomatoes, had helped himself to it!
Margaret went to the hair salon to dye her hair. She told them she wanted a blonde color. She sat back and relaxed as they applied the dye. Margaret awoke minutes later when she heard people gasping. The stylist had applied the wrong dye and Margaret's hair was green.
Jane wake up to a loud knock on the door. When she opens it a police officer asks her to identify herself. When she does the officer arrests her. She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name. But not before she spends 3 days in jail and writes her sister off.
I heard Samantha Stevens starred on the Twilight Zone show. I did not believe it and started digging for information. I binge watched tv episodes of The Twilight Zone Show. I studied the tv screen very closely. I learned that Samatha the tv which did star in the Twilight Zone.
One day Lidia found herself sneezing more often than usual. She realized it was because her fan had become rather dusty. She took the fan apart to clean it out, sneezing as she did. She sneezed so hard that one of the screws rolled away and was lost. Lidia bought a new fan, and hasn't sneezed since.
May was on a family vacation. They were in Cape Cod, going on a boat trip. The boat took them to the ocean and they watched for whales. At first no one saw anything. Then after an hour, May and her family saw three whales!
Jennifer was worried about her kids. They were at the pool and had forgotten their sunscreen. When they came home, their skin was all red. Jennifer put aloe on them and warned them not to do that again. They promised they would be more responsible.
Peter really wanted to drink a soda. But Peter didn't have any at home. Peter was going to go out and buy some. On his way out the door Peter realized he didn't have any money. Peter drank some water instead.
Ellie wanted to make pizzas for her birthday. She went with her mom to buy all the ingredients. Her mom let her make the pizza exactly the way she wanted it. Ellie loaded the pizza with cheese and pepperoni. It was the best pizza she had ever eaten.
Bill had hunted game with his father as a youngster. His father died at age 89. Bill's sister and brother told Bill he could have the guns. He expected the deer rifle and the shotgun. He was surprised that there was also a gun from World War One.
Chef Bill is set up for a job interview at a 5 star restaurant. He brags to all his friends that he is going to be the head chef. When he gets to the interview he is told that the position is busboy. Jim doesn't have the heart to tell his friends the truth. When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated
Jimmy went trick or treating for Halloween. He brought his pumpkin bag to get candy and walked around. Jimmy went to several houses and got tons of candy. After an hour, Jimmy headed home. He poured out a ton of candy and was very happy.
I was around 8 years old. I was playing with my friend who happened to be a girl. We were playing hide and seek. I hid and she found me. When she found me she gave me my first kiss.
Henry couldn't wait for Sunday nights when his favorite show was on. He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it. He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink. Just then the power went out. Henry didn't get to watch the show after all.
Wallace peeled a carrot. He put the carrot on the cutting board. He accidentally knocked the carrot to the floor. He threw that carrot away. Wallace peeled a new carrot.
James said he could dunk a basketball. Matt bet him twenty dollars that he couldn't. James agreed and they went to the basketball court. James dunk the basketball the first try. Matt refuses to pay James for the bet they made.
Shawn was traveling with his guitar. He put the guitar case up in the overhead bin for the flight. Then, he arrived at his destination and went to his hotel. When he checked on his guitar, he saw that it had broken. He reported it to the airplane and they promised to pay him back.
Lou was Italian but couldn't make any Italian meals. He tried pasta and pizza and meatballs, all with no success. Then one day he realized that tiramisu was Italian too! He had been making his favorite dessert, tiramisu, for years. Lou was happy to be able to make Italian dishes after all!
Jason lost his apartment and moved into a homeless shelter. He needed a job to afford a new apartment so he went to interviews. To look good for the interviews, he made sure to wear a suit. One of his interviews was with a suit retailer, and he got the job. Now Jason dresses better than any other homeless man.
Tommy went on a motorcycle ride through the hillside. He went fast around the corners. He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road. He grabbed the turtle and walked towards the pond near the road. He placed the turtle in the pond so that it couldn't get hurt.
Anna wanted to make pasta for dinner. She set her noodles to boil. But she forgot to watch them! By the time she remembered, it was too late. The noodles were overcooked and mushy.
Rex hasn't left his tiny apartment all day. Finally he decides to meet a friend for coffee. They each have a coffee at the local coffee shop. As Rex walks home, he realizes that the coffee will keep him awake. Still he is glad that he left his apartment to see a friend.
Abby can't understand people. Yesterday, a woman told Abby that she was voting for Donald Trump. Abby thinks that woman is a moron. Abby hopes there are more smart people than dumb ones like that woman. Abby is worried for the world.
John always wanted to become a scientist. He loved animals and plants. So John studied in school and got a scholarship to college. In college John studied in biology. After college John became a biologist.
I think the IRS is the most helpful agency there is. If you call them they'll tell you how much you owe in taxes. I contacted them for forms and worksheets. I use the papers they sent to figure my tax liability. I pay my IRS taxes before they are due.
My niece brought a book over for me to sell. I sell her books on Amazon. It was an SAT study guide. Sadly, it was selling on Amazon for a penny. She dumped the book.
Bob was boasting about how good of a runner he is. Everyone got annoyed, including Elena. She challenged him to a race. I counted to three before they took off. As soon as Bob started to run, he tripped on his shoe lace.
Lily went to a nice restaurant. She ordered a steak. To her dismay the steak was rare. Lily was rather upset. She had to send it back.
Shawn was celebrating his first Christmas in his own place. He wanted to put up lights. He had never done it before so he had to look up some tips. When he was ready, he started putting the lights up. It took him a couple of hours, but he was able to get it all right.
I was locked out of my apartment last night. The only way in was through a small window. I forced myself through it somehow. As I went to unlock the door I heard a jingle. The keys had been in my pocket the whole time.
One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park. Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn. The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again. They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife.
Luke was late for a meeting. He run in the hallway and bumped into a woman. He apologized and started running again. Until he realized that this was the person he was supposed to meet. He went back and helped the woman up to her feet.
Tim had trouble paying attention. His homework was to read chapter 4 of his math book. But instead, he read chapter 6. The next day at school, Tim didn't understand the lecture. And he didn't know what to do for the test.
My friend Cindy used to save cans to take to the trash dump. She gave them a lady at the dump who collected them. My boyfriend kept cans because his dead mother used to collect them. I took the cans to give to same woman as Cindy at the dump. Turns out my boyfriend's mother was the lady at the trash site.
Lawrence couldn't wait to visit his family. Lawrence's family lived in Australia. Australia was a 12 hour flight from his country. He used up his entire holiday time to fly over to visit for two weeks. He mostly couldn't wait to see the family dog.
The man got first in a contest. He won a trophy. He placed the trophy on his mantle. He was proud of the trophy. He told all of his visitors how he had won it.
Flora had always wanted to see Boston. She decides to take a bus trip there. When she gets to Boston she visits many beautiful museums. She takes the bus back home. Flora is happy she visited Boston.
James spent a lot of time building and tweaking his computer. He ended up being good at repairing it too. One day, he thought of starting a computer repair service. And it became very successful. James was happy he could make a living doing what he loves.
Sam was called to jury duty last week. He sat in on a trial for theft. The prosecutor had a very convincing argument. The defense did a bad job at persuading the jury. Sam agreed when the jury found the defendant guilty.
Carlos was on his way to see his brother. But first he needed to put air in his tires. So Carlos went to his nearest gas station. He put air in his car. Then he drove to his brothers house.
Jon has a big test this Friday. He is very nervous. He is studying every day in preparation. He has made over fifty flash cards! Jon is confident that he will pass.
Cody had really nice skin until he was about 8 years old. Shortly after his 8th birthday his skin began to itch. As time went on his skin began to peel and it would cause him pain. He went to the Doctor who ordered tests which showed he had eczema. He was then prescribed special lotions and now his skin is better.
Sara vowed to quit chewing gum. She switched to hard candies instead. But three weeks later, she weighed herself. Sara was shocked to see she'd gained 5 pounds from the candy! She went right back to chewing gum!
The bank robber sweated nervously as he walked towards the bank. He felt as if everybody was watching him. It seemed like a good idea up until now. In a panic, the robber turned around and ran. A life a crime didn't suit him.
Vince was trying to put on an old pair of boots. He was sure his feet hadn't grown. The boots wouldn't go on, though! Vince realized he was wearing thicker socks than normal. He changed his socks and the boots slipped right on.
Jim had always wanted to fly, but he didn't want to be a pilot. He wanted to wear a winged flight suit and dive like a bird! His parents were horrified, of course, but Jim was adamant. At 18, he rented a wing suit and took lessons on using it. Then, finally, he took his birdlike plunge - and loved it!
I woke up this morning with a huge appetite. Ready to eat, I opened the box of cereal and poured it into a bowl. As I opened the fridge I realized I was out of milk! I drove to the store to get milk but they were all out. I decided to get fast food instead, it was delicious!
Linda loved the snow. One day it was snowing so Linda decided to leave the house. She played with the snow. She made a snowman so big that it fell on her. Linda had a broken arm as a result.
Katherine was watching the NCAA men's basketball tournament. She was rooting for Kansas to lose against Villanova. She danced around the room when they lost. Her husband asked her why she wanted them to lose so bad. She said she wanted President Obama's bracket to be busted.
Kate had a crush on her friend Tom's friend Jake. She decided she wanted to go on a date with Jake. She asked Tom a bunch of questions about Jake. But Tom seemed less than enthusiastic about the questions. She decided it would be better not to ask any further questions.
I have been playing hockey on the lake all winter. I am getting really fast and accurate with my shot. I am going to try to make the school hockey team next year. I have been practicing my stick handling lately. I carry my hockey stick everywhere with me now for training.
Laura was enjoying her first date with Tom. They laughed and ate dinner. After dinner Tom ordered a bottle of wine. Laura had too much to drink and could barely stand up. Tom did the right thing and drove her home safely.
My son in law's sister Clea went to college. She failed a few courses. In her senior year she moved off campus, and partied a lot. She ended up failing three out of four courses the first semester. She never finished, and did not get a diploma.
Andrew saw a pretty girl at his school. Andrew decided to talk to her. The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny. He invited her to go to a movie with him. She said yes!
Allie was amazing at gymnastics. She had been doing it for years. So she decided to enter into a competition. It was very competitive. All the sudden she messed up her routine so she did not place.
Sammy decides to go sledding on a weekend day. He packs a sled into his car and drives to a hill. There are some other people also sledding there. Sammy sleds with them for a couple hours until he feels too cold. When he gets home he warms up with a cup of hot chocolate.
I was working upstairs when I heard my son scream. I ran down the stairs to see what was going on. My son was in the kitchen pointing at the floor. A swarm of tiny black ants had invaded our kitchen. I smushed them all and sprayed the entire downstairs with pesticide.
When I heard training was cancelled it was bittersweet news to me. I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster. I drove into town just to dump it. When I got home it was dark but there was a full moon. I went for my daily walk with nothing but moonlight to guide me.
Chris approached the man threatening Caleb. The man seemed to tremble as Chris told him to leave them alone. Realizing that Chris was significantly larger, he retreated. Caleb thanked his friend, impressed by his actions more so than size. Chris told him not to mention it and the two went off.
Ray wanted to get closer to his dad. His dad loved golfing, so Ray started to accompany him. Soon he was golfing like a pro. He realized he loved the game! Ray remained an avid golfer all his life.
Brad was a young kid in a small suburban neighborhood. He loved playing baseball with the other kids. One day, Brad was playing and hit the ball into the neighbor's house. They had a big dog, so Brad had to ring their doorbell. Brad's neighbors were very nice and gave him back his ball.
Thaddeus went door to door teaching the Gospel. One day, he ran into some Jehovah's Witnesses. They threatened him, saying this was their turf. Thaddeus attacked first, and used his Bible to hit someone. Thaddeus ran, never to go door to door again.
I had a boyfriend in college who was broke. He didn't have a job but had a great personality. We stayed together a long time, because he won me over. At the end, money didn't matter. His personality took precedence over his broke factor.
Tom was on a carnival ride. It malfunctioned and ripped his arm out. Tom spent months to recover. He sued the carnival company. He was barely able to get enough to pay his medical bills.
Sam had never been on a jet ski before. He was excited to try one out. He listened carefully to the instructions. Once he got on he never wanted to get off. Sam decided to buy one shortly after.
A new restaurant was opening in town. Jim was excited to try it out. He was one of the first people there on opening day. He ordered based on the waiter's recommendations. Jim was pleasantly surprised by the good food.
Greg is up for a promotion at work. Its up to him and another colleague. Greg puts up his best effort at work. The boss has made his choice. Greg got the promotion.
We had conservative Jewish neighbors in the building. One day their car was vandalized. The headlights were smashed. As it was Saturday, they could not pick up the pieces. I picked up the pieces and threw them away.
Annie had a birthday party planned for her daughter. She hired a clown to perform at the party. On the day of the party the clown arrived on time and began his show. During his performance the kids laughed and laughed. Annie was confident that she threw an amazing party.
Sarah had always wanted to be a detective. In fact, she wanted to go to detective college. She studied very hard in school. Sarah also got a scholarship for playing sports. Finally, Sarah was able to become a detective.
When I was a kid, we used to golf in our front yard. It was a small yard, so we used plastic balls but real clubs. One time, our friend was golfing with us but wasn't paying attention. Next thing he knew, he hit my sister in the face with a club. She got some stitches, but ended up being okay!
Jason was challenged to a friendly fight between him and his friend. He accepted even though he didn't want to. He started getting really nervous about it. He woke up ready to fight but decided he really didn't want to. He asked his friend and they decided not to fight.
Freda notices that the grass on her lawn has gotten too long. She decides that it needs to be mowed. She gets the lawnmower out of the garage and mows her lawn. She is exhausted when the job is finally complete. Freda is very proud that the grass on her lawn is short now.
Miranda was at the beach for the first time. She was swimming in the water with her friends. Suddenly, she felt an extreme pain in her leg. She began rushing to the shore. There, she discovered that she had been stung by a jellyfish.
California was experiencing a drought. During this drought the water levels of a lake went down. A town buried under the water began to emerge. Visitors came to view the town. When the water levels came back up, the town disappeared.
Pete owned a dog named Bacon. The dog loved eating bacon so much the name stuck. He would often beg during breakfast for a slice of bacon. The dog overtime became ill from eating too much of it. Pete now only gives his dog healthy treats.
Jake robbed a bank. He was sneaky and thought he would not get caught. But he dropped his wallet on his way out! The police used his ID to identify him. They caught Jake easily and arrested him.
Martha was cleaning some bottles. She had to wash all of the little pieces, like the stoppers. Then, she put hot soapy water in the bottles. She used a brush to scrub the sides. Then, she rinsed it all.
Kia saw a moth flying around her room one night. She was scared, but did not want to kill it. She called her dad for help. With a cup and a paper, he trapped the moth. Then he set it free outside.
Peter was a bachelor in his late 20s. He was very successful and just bought his first house. His married friends joked that the only thing missing was a wife. When he was away, they snuck into his house with a Barbie doll. They put her in the kitchen with a note that she was the perfect wife.
The funeral was finally over and Gina was ready to go home. But people were still coming up to speak and say bye to her grandma. Gina waited patiently in the lobby of the church for them to finish. 30 minutes later the were ready to leave. Gina was so tired she fell asleep as her mom drove them home.
It was cold out that night so Marty turned on his kerosene heater. Eventually it ran out of fuel and he refilled it. He accidentally put gasoline in it instead of kerosene. The heater caught fire and set the whole house ablaze. Marty's house was a total loss because of his mistake.
The homeowner was tired of spending over $180 on pool chlorine yearly. He decided to add a salt generator so he would not need chlorine. He spent the investment dollars to change his pool to a salt pool. The equipment worked for two years then broke down. The $1200 cost to replace the equipment was more than chlorine.
Cooper could not sleep. He went into the kitchen and got some milk and cookies. Cooper chugged down the milk. Cooper started nibbling on the cookies. Cooper fell asleep with the cookie in his hand still!
Tom always struggled with fashion. He bought some sunglasses he thought were cool. He wore them everywhere, even indoors. His friends finally told him they didn't look good. Tom stopped wearing them after.
I like to sit and contemplate life. This morning I woke up very early. I took my coffee outside on the porch. I watched the sun come up. I thought about everything while I tried to wake up.
Hal was a real pushover. Everyone took advantage of him. He was not even aware of it until it went too far. When he realized how people were treating him, he was mad. He stood his ground and never let anyone else push him around.
John always felt jittery and uneasy. He drank three energy drink a day. John wanted to feel more relaxed. He cut down to one drink a day. His nerves are now a lot calmer.
Mary was giving a bath to her baby. She accidently slipped in the bathroom. She could not stand up. Fortunately, her husband came home from work earlier. He called the ambulance.
Jack was a careless man. He always showed everyone all that he had. Jack flashed his money and his jewlery. One day, Jack was followed home. Careless Jack is now a dead man, and his fate was sad.
My Mom loves to shop for bargains. We went to Kroger one day. She walked over to the marked down section. They had spaghetti sauce marked down to a dollar a jar. My Mom bought almost all they had!
The Italian soccer team went on the field. They started running drills. One of the team members fell ill. Then several others complained of stomach pain. They realized that they had all ate at the same place for lunch.
One day, Bob decided to go out and purchase a brand new car! He went over to the dealership and browsed for the car he liked. He found a nice red sports car that was in his price range. A dealer convinced Bob to take the car for a spin. Bob really loved it, and decided to buy it right then and there.
Ben was the manager at an IT firm. There was a problem with the confidential information. He was charged with fraud because he is the manager. Ben decided to sue the firm due to loss of job. Ben won because of lack of evidence.
Ana threw a bag of popcorn into the microwave on medium heat. It said 2 to 3 minutes, so she figured 2&1/2 sounded good. But when the timer went off, she immediately smelled burning. Opening the bag, she saw that she'd somehow ruined the popcorn. Most of it was charred totally black!
Quinn couldn't believe her luck. She had won free concert tickets to her favorite music artist. Quinn wanted to invite both her best friends. But she could only pick one. Quinn decided to just give both tickets to her friends.
I went to a bar. I met a girl named Nancy. I liked her so I asked her out. She said yes and gave me her phone number. Alas, she gave me a fake number!
Michael was struggling at school He always had problems with ditching his homework for video games. One night he had a ton of working. However, he wanted to play video games with his friends. He choose to study so he finally passed his exam.
Kristin wants her daughter Zoey to take a nap. Zoey does not like to take naps. Kristin reads her a story and tucks her into bed. Zoey falls right asleep. Kristin is happy when Zoey sleeps for three hours!
Heidi had a project to do for science. She decided to do a biology experiment. Heidi left a piece of bread in a moist environment. She let it sit for days. Heidi wrote a report on how mold formed on the bread.
One night my mother asked my brother to take out the trash. I wanted to help so I grabbed it. No one told me there was broken glass in there. The glass cut my leg. I needed 13 Stitches that night.
The first astronaut on Mars was about to leave for earth. He stopped one more time and watched the scenery. He climbed in his ship and set coordinates for earth. In the 5 months journey home he couldn't stop thinking of Mars. When he got home, he never really felt home.
The man went to church. He went into the confession booth. He asked for forgiveness for his sins. There was no reply. He assumed that he was forgiven.
The lunch lady at the salad bar gave Dan his salad. He walked towards his friends and sat down with them. When he was eating the salad, it tasted weird. The lettuce was extremely hard and the fruits had a ripe taste. He realized that the salad was a few weeks old.
Jensen lost his wallet. He looked everywhere for it. Jensen eventually gave up looking. Two weeks later he found it under his bed. Jensen was happy he finally found it.
Randy and Jake were teenagers. They lived next door to each other. One night they decided to go out in Jake's car. Jake backed into his parent's friend's car. They are both got their cars taken away.
The Roberts took a family vacation every summer. This summer they had struggled financially. They were not able to have a vacation. The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard. It was as much fun as any previous vacation.
My cell phone charger stopped working. I went to the store to get a new one. I found a very long charging cable. I purchased it for fifteen dollars. I was able to charge my phone again.
I hated math when I started college. I had always made bad grades in it. I worked really hard at teaching it to myself. I ended up with an A in the class. My classmates were very surprised.
Lorraine hasn't seen her brother in two Year's. She decides it is finally time for a visit. Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives. They have a reasonably pleasant visit. When the visit is over, Lorraine feels happy to be home.
Tom was driving on a rainy night. The road was slicker than he thought. Tom hit a watery oily patch. He spun out of control and hit a tree. Tom was paralyzed from the neck down.
Harry has always enjoyed lifting weights. When he was younger he dreamed of winning strength competitions. Harry entered a competition to win a hundred dollars. He trained for three weeks and became much stronger. Harry won the competition along with the hundred dollars cash prize.
Tom was at the bar. He had too much to drink. He decided to drive home. Luckily his friends stopped him. Tom came close to making a big mistake.
I needed some new socks. I didn't want to spend a lot of money. I tried going to the dollar store. I didn't expect to have any luck. I ended up leaving with tons of pretty socks for a dollar per pair.
I work for a transit authority in Boston. In 1997 it celebrated the centennial of subway service. They brought out a 1924 trolley. I rode on the trolley as it traveled the original subway route. I took a lot of photos and had a great time.
Curren$y is a rapper I grew up on and respect. My first time listening to Curren$y was by chance. I was looking for new music to listen to online. His name came up in a search and I checked out Independence Day. That mixtape made me want to listen and follow his work forever.
Susan was cutting fish at her restaurant job. The next day, her finger hurt and was swollen. Thinking she had broken it, she went to the emergency room. While it the waiting room, a red line traveled up her arm. She was admitted to the hospital with blood poisoning from the fish.
Francine has always wanted to have earrings. Her parents asked her not to have her ears pierced. Finally she decided to have her ears pierced. She bought a beautiful pair of hoop earrings. Francine is very happy with her decision to pierce her ears.
Marion was concerned for her friend Sue. Sue was sad and distant lately. Marion decided to ask her what was going on in her life. Sue told Marion that her parents were getting a divorce. Marion made it her mission to be the friend that Sue needed right now.
Marissa is in a bridal party for a wedding. Marissa needs to get a dress for the wedding. Marissa goes to 5 different stores. She tries on dresses at all 5 stores. At the fifth store she finally buys a dress.
I was playing with my dog in the backyard. He loved to play with tennis balls. I decided to grab twenty balls from the garage. I threw them into the backyard towards my dog. He went mad with excitement and I felt happy!
Tomorrow was father's day. Jack wanted to get his father a new grill. Jack went to the store. Got a nice new grill. His father loved his new grill.
My friends and I went to six flags last weekend. We had a blast. Only problem was the scary rollercoaster. We went on batman and I nearly had a heart attack. I vowed to never go on it again.
Last weekend I visited Asturias in Northern Spain. I wanted to go see this old village up in the mountains. There is no road to the village so I had to hike there. It was a long, difficult climb to the top. Although it was hard, it was a beautiful trip.
The boy was building the computer. He couldn't find the part. He looked all around. He went to the kitchen. He had left the part in the kitchen.
Tom and his friends went to see a movie. They didn't want to see a scary movie. They all agreed on an action movie. They decided to see the new Star Wars movie. They enjoyed the movie and went home.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is fussy about shoes. She likes to wear only orange Crocs. Her day care will not let her wear Crocs for safety reasons. Her father took her to a shoe store. After two hours, she picked out a pair of shoes.
Lulu felt so preoccupied lately. She was in the midst of sending her daughter Victoria off to school. Victoria was being sent to a boarding school two hours away. Lulu felt the distance would be tough. But she was prepared to send her because the school was excellent.
Bob likes to watch old westerns on TV. He turns up the volume so loud that you can't hear anything else. One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came. The officer said that a neighbor had reported a domestic disturbance. He wrote down that the cause of the trouble was a cowboy gun fight.
Amy needed a new pair of shoes. She asked her mother to buy her a pair. Her mother reminded her she should use her allowance money. She only had $5. Luckily, she found a great pair at the thrift store.
Jill comes home late at night crying. She explains to her roommate Jack that her date assaulted her. Afterwards there is a knock on the door. As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side. Jack's scared when she tells him the man is a cop, not her attacker,
Toby liked hanging out with his friends at night. One night, a friend brought a hot girl over. Toby had met her once before and kind of liked her. Unfortunately, Toby's girlfriend noticed and yelled at him. She wasn't ever invited over again.
Will's friends wanted him to go camping with them. Will didn't want to go so he lied to them about a previous engagement. His friends went on their trip without him. One of his friends ran into his mom the next day and asked about it. Will was caught in his lie and his friends were upset.
Jeff is out with his girl. They are eating their favorite meal. At dinner Jeff keeps staring at another woman. Jeff's girl gets up and walks out on him. Jeff loses his girl.
Victor thought that all foreigners were un-American. But when he met his neighbors, he was flabbergasted. They had more American flags than him on their lawns. They also sang the anthem every day in sign of respect. Victor was happy to change his mind about foreigners after that.
Jane teased her friend at school for wearing her shirt inside out. Jane's friend felt bad. One day Jane went to school with her shirt inside out. Jane's friend told her about it quietly. Jane felt very embarrassed.
The Brown family decided they would watch a movie Saturday night. The Browns were big superhero fans. They narrowed their movie choices down to Batman and Superman. They had a vote. Everyone voted for Batman so they decided to watch Batman.
Elizabeth grew up on a Flower Farm along a remote area. She didn't have a whole lot of friends and was often lonely. One day she notice her grandmother chatting with the flowers. Her grandmother believed flowers can make very good friends. Elizabeth now spends most of her free time playing among the flowers.
Sally and Susan were looking forward to a night out. When they arrived at the restaurant it was really busy. They knew they should have made reservations. After a lengthy wait, they decided to leave and grab takeout. They went back to their apartment and watched movies instead.
Sharonda was turning 16 soon. At 16 she could get her driver's license. First she had to take the class for it. Then she had to take the written and driving test. She passed with flying colors and drove on her birthday.
On Sunday my sister-in-law dropped by. She very rarely visits us. We talked for some time. She left us some meatloaf as a gift. We had a nice meal that night.
Sam had a party the other night. His house was a mess because of the party. So Sam began to clean his house. It was a huge chore. Sam finished in the afternoon.
Sam jumped to school all the time. One morning while jumping to school he tripped. It was a hard fall. Sam chipped his front teeth on the sidewalk. From then on people called him Chippy instead of Sam.
Jake was riding his bicycle at the beach. He felt the warm air as he was riding. Suddenly he saw his friend Lisa coming. They didn't say much, but they rode together to a place he knew. As the sun went down, she laid her head on his shoulder.
Mary had bought chocolate Easter bunnies for all of her children. She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids wouldn't find them. She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold. But the sun was so bright that the inside of the car still got hot! Mary was sad and frustrated to find all the bunnies had melted!
Wendy was in a kpop girl group. They told her she couldn't eat anything except vegetables. Wendy made a big plate of spaghetti. They said what are you doing Wendy! Wendy said grain was technically a vegetable.
Jim wanted to learn how to play the guitar. But he didn't know where to start. Jim's friend gave him some advice. And suggested that he could learn enough online. Jim learned how to play the guitar by watching videos online.
Gina and her family finally arrived at her grandma's house. After bringing in the luggage they all sat around talking. It was 4 AM but Gina no longer felt tired. She was energized by the excitement of the arrival. They sat around talking and laughing for an hour.
Ann was sitting in the living room watching television. Her mother approached her. She told Ann it was time to make a list of presents she may want. Ann's mom handed her a paper and a pencil. Ann quickly began writing down many presents resulting in a big list.
The kids were going on an adventure. They were going to get in a kayak and paddle to the river. They paddled for about an hour when the water got rough. They decided it was too dangerous to continue. They turned back to go home.
Jake wanted to learn to play the drums. His parents paid for him to take lessons on the weekend. He would play in the garage so it wouldn't be too loud. Eventually he got really good. He joined a local band and has fun playing.
Tom had a small gathering for friends. He noticed someone there he didn't recognize. The guy said he had mutual friends. Nobody at the party recognized him. Tom asked him to leave.
Danny had always wanted to play a game of squash. He met a friend at a squash court to play. It was harder than he had expected. Danny had a lot of fun. He was happy he had played squash.
Carla went to the movies with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend wanted to see a scary movie. Carla was very nervous because she does not like scary movies. When they went to buy the tickets they were sold out. Carla was very relieved.
One day, I decided to check the mail. I walked to my mailbox in front of my house. I noticed a man dressed strangely across the street. When I went back inside, I watched him through the window. The man went back indoors after cutting his grass.
Miranda hated listening to the news. But she did love getting it delivered to her. Miranda was happy about that. They told her things she wouldn't have known. Miranda decided to keep it.
Frank happened to walk past a burning house one day. He noticed a fire truck but no men around. He heard faint screams from inside the house. Without thinking he rushed in and found four firemen trapped. He managed to help them all escape the fire and was regarded a hero.
Hillary had two rabbits. She thought they were both females. She came home from school one day and noticed something strange. She had baby rabbits in the cage. She then figured out she had a mama and daddy rabbit.
I was making dinner for my family the other night. I put the pasta in the boiling water. I started helping my kids with their homework. Before I knew it 30 minutes had gone by. My pasta had burned and we had to order a pizza.
When Marlene graduated she went to work for her Uncle in California. He was a jewelry salesman who could sell anything to anyone. He tried to teach her his trade but she didn't stay there long enough. There was an earthquake that scared her to death so she went home. Now Marline works as a maid at the hotel down the street.
Gina had a bed, dresser, and 2 armchairs in her room. She still felt she needed more. She grabbed the stereo from her old room. Her sisters were upset, and protested. Gina didn't care, the stereo was hers and she was taking it.
Andrew ordered some hissing cockroaches from the internet. When they arrived he was very excited. Some of them managed to escape, however. Though they shouldn't be able to they started breeding in his house. Before long everyone was finding new surprise friends.
Belle was at a party. And someone ordered pizza and tacos. Belle ate three slices of pizza and a large taco. And she decided to get more food. But as she approached the kitchen, people began to stare at her.
This extra innings baseball game made us all tired. Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball. The batter swung hard and crushed the ball. The ball flew way over my head at second base. In the outfield, Landon dove to the grass and made an amazing catch.
The waiter carried the food over to the table. Brad took a bite out of his stake. It was hard as a rock and he couldn't eat it. When he switches the potato, it was still raw. Out of frustration, he dragged the plate to the side.
Emily had always wanted a pet but her parents didn't. She proved to her parents that she was responsible enough. Yesterday, Emily went to the pet store. She got to play with all the kittens. She adopted the cutest little Calico kitten and named her Fluffy!
Rocco was an account manager. He was in charge of setting up barcodes. One day he set the price of one barcode for only a dollar. The value of the item was over a thousand dollars! Now Rocco doesn't work and is in jail.
Tim was out eating with friends. They went to a chicken wing place. Tim tried some of their spicy variety. They were too hot and Tim couldn't finish eating them. He had to order something else instead.
I bought a new kind of fruit. It was pink with a white interior. It looked very pretty and delicious. The whole family ate some. We were all disappointed, as it was very bland.
Julia loved flowers. She thought they were so pretty. One day she was walking. She saw a field of flowers. She had fun playing the flowers.
Tom was under financial stress. He wanted to spend very little money on food. He carefully thought about his options. He decided to buy bags of rice. He saved a lot of money with this decision.
Katie had a cheerleading competition. When she got on top of the pyramid, she started losing balance. Her knees were shaking. She ended up falling. The paramedics had to come help her.
Every morning Sue's daddy makes tea and drinks it from a mug. Sue wanted to try tea also. One day her daddy planned a tea party for her. They drank tea and ate cookies together. Sue decided she didn't like tea, she just liked being with her dad.
Michael knew that he wanted the dog and asked his mom. She agreed to let him get a dog if you took care of it. That weekend they went to the pet store and found the perfect puppy. They brought the puppy home and everyone loved it. Michael was so happy that he had a furry friend at home.
The little girl was running. She ran upstairs to her room. She was making loud thumps as she ran. A vase fell in the hallway. The little girl went to look at it and found a huge crack.
The sidewalk from Tom's house was slippery. Tom has to walk down that sidewalk. From his door to his friends house was slick ice. He carefully and slowly walked with each step cautious. Tom made it to his friends house safely.
My flyer is getting ready to back handspring in the load in position. Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation. Here she comes, muscles tense, shouting encouragement. She hits us perfectly on 7, absorbing with our legs, we burst up. She rides up, locks out on 8 and we hear and see our coaches go wild.
Deb married the love of her life 23 years ago. Last year her husband was in a bad accident with a semi. He was diagnosed with a brain injury and became very ill. Deb was worried and knew that she would have to take care of him. She left her husband because of the stress of the accident.
Allie tried to straighten her hair for the first time. She did not know how it would look. So she got the iron out and started working. It looked fabulous. Allie was amazed at how great it looked.
Phillip took a trip to Boston. He loved the time he spent there. He went to see all the sights. His favorite part was the car ride on the way. All in all Phillip really loved going to Boston.
Tim was a student in college. He was thinking about his future and decided on law school. He immediately started studying for the LSAT. He felt himself become smarter solely by studying for the LSAT. He did well on the LSAT and could go to any Law school in the country.
Scott was a landscape architect. Scott recommended to plant Kudzu to his client. The client obliged. Within a couple weeks, the Japanese vine had grown everywhere. The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper.
Ana has been working hard all year long. But now it was time for a vacation. She decided she would head to Las Vegas. She had a lot of fun in Las Vegas. She will never forget all the fun she had in Las Vegas.
Amy had a microwave in her dorm room. One day there was a spill in the microwave. Amy cleaned the mess and confronted her roommate about it. The roommate denied the mess and blamed Amy for it. Amy moved her microwave to her side of the room so she couldn't use it
Sarah hated winter. She could not stand the cold. She decided to move from Chicago to California. She got a nice apartment near the beach. She loved the warm winters in California.
Johnny had always wanted to see Utah. He saves his money for the big trip. Finally he flies to Utah. He loves the friendly people he meets there. Johnny is so glad he dream of visiting Utah came true.
Carol had a bunny. She forgot to feed it. One day she went to his cage to see him. He was dead. Carol was very sad.
Today was the first day of my college year. I was so nervous I couldn't sleep the night before my first class. When I arrived, I saw the prettiest girl in all of the world. She saw me looking at her and waved me over. We talked and decided to date.
Mary's favorite holiday used to be Thanksgiving. This year, however, she got some bad news during the holiday. Her parents told her they were getting divorced. Mary felt like someone had just broken her heart. Ever since, Mary hates Thanksgiving and the bad memories of that day.
A man and his wife were tired of their old TV. They ordered a new one from Amazon. When the TV arrived it had a giant crack across the screen. They emailed customer service to complain. They ended up with a new TV and a gift certificate.
We had to decide the color for our product by tonight. We went to the Apple store, to Home Depot, we went everywhere. There was so many colors to choose from! We ended up calling one of our partners to help with the choice. He said you don't have to pick a color til next week, not tonight.
Jane and her grand kids spent the afternoon gardening. The kids got all dirty in the garden. Jane didn't want to take them in the house covered in dirt. Jane decided to use the hose to wash the children's hands. The kids splashed about in the water for 10 minutes.
Fred's car broke down in the middle of a work week. He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online. Fred found a used bike for cheap and contacted the seller. Fred walked to the seller's house and purchased the bike. Fred then rode the bike back to his house to use for work.
Cynthia wanted to try something new on her vacation. She thought about many things that she had never tried. After a lot of consideration she settled on diving. She was a bit nervous when the day came. But ultimately she was very happy with her choice.
Sarah was at a coffee shop. And she ordered an iced mocha. But after she paid for it, she realized it was $6. It tasted amazing, however. And Sarah ordered the $6 coffee every day.
Kenya met up with her ex-boyfriend at a coffee spot. He greeted her and asked how she was doing. They talked for a few minutes and walked away. When Kenya got home, she began crying. She also decided to lay in her bed for the whole day.
Jon brought his dog Barney to his parents' beach house. He let Barney out on the deck without checking the gate to the stairs. Barney escaped down the stairs. Jon realized the dog was gone and looked everywhere. He finally found Barney digging holes in the sand at the beach.
Yesterday Kanye released his new song. The song was called real friends. When I listened to the song it was great. I happened to love it. I recommended it to all my friends.
Penny liked to walk through the woods. She was walking through the woods one night when she heard a noise. The noise sounded far away so she continued her walk. The unusual noise was getting closer. It was her father looking for her, she was relieved.
A glimmer of light was seen at the end of the street. The boy followed the light to its source. He bent over and examined it. The light was a reflection from a shiny coin. He picked up the coin and put it in his pocket.
I took my son to see a speech therapist on Wednesday. She was very easy going with him. She helped him with his alphabet for about an hour. He started to improve by the end of the session. He had a good session with her, and left happy.
Garret was the CEO of a telecommunications company. He was working on a plan to bring free WiFi to his hometown. His plan was successful and everyone praised him. The free WiFi was actually a ploy to collect personal information. Garrett sold the personal information and made a lot of money.
John was new to the job. He had never defused a bomb before. He looked over the wires nervously. He followed his training with a steady hand. Eventually he was able to diffuse the bomb.
Jane was trying to make a sandwich. Unfortunately she realized the cheese was expired. It had gotten mold on it. Jane was forced to throw it out. She made her sandwich without it.
Tina lived alone in an old apartment. The electrical wiring was a bit faulty. One night some wires caught fire between the wall. The fire quickly spread throughout the entire building. Tina died in her sleep.
The bank robber tapped his gun on the counter. The teller stood shocked for a moment. The robber demanded to see the manager. The teller picked up her phone and began to dial. While the phone rang the robber began to chuckle.
I like desktop Christmas trees. I had two at work that did not have lights. Recently I went shopping for trees with lights. I found one with batteries but the lights are white. I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree.
Max had struggled with poor eyesight for years. He found out that he was a candidate for lasik surgery. He was nervous, but had the procedure done. Max's eyesight improved vastly within a few weeks. Max got so much more out of life now that he could see clearly.
Andrew had movie rentals that needed to be turned in. The store was closing in thirty minutes and he wanted to get more. It takes him twenty minutes to get to the store. So Andrew got ready quick and got their in fifteen minutes. Andrew turned in his movies and got more.
Ally decided to make soup for her family. She used an old recipe from her grandmother. She worked all day to make the perfect soup. Everyone in her family said it tasted just like her grandmother's. It really pleased her to know she'd done well.
Kate's friend Tom was in a band. She went to see them play. She thought his friend Jake was hot. They caught eyes but got lost in the crowd. She figured she would never see him again.
Chris was driving on the road. He saw a dog in the middle of nowhere. The dog was very thin. Chris took the dog home. He nursed him to health.
Three friends lived together. Every night they met in the kitchen. They sat at the table and discussed their problems. Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations. Each night ended with a slice and a hug.
Sue has spent all her time working on her paper. She was confident it was perfect. When she got to school, her teacher made an announcement. She was not taking up the papers. Sue was furious that she wasted all her time.
Martha woke up before sunrise this morning. She got dressed and drove to work. She worked hard all day. After she left work, she drove to her son's football game out of town. After Martha got home she was so tired, she fell asleep in her chair.
Burt decided he needed to lose some weight. He couldn't figure out if running or swimming was better. He decided to ask someone knowledgeable. He joined the gym. The gym instructor told him to run.
Yesterday I went to cvs. I got some candy. I said I was not going to. But I did anyway. It was not good.
Cindy liked to bake. She got an apron to cover her clothes. She put it on every time she was in the kitchen. Cindy liked looking cute while she was baking. The apron became her favorite thing in the kitchen.
Kate was observed putting items in a cart and not paying for them. The store manager and another employee confronted her and she ran. The police later spotted Kate walking down a street and arrested her. Kate told police her car was repossessed while she was in the store. The repossession company followed her to the store making their move.
Rita called her grandparents. She asked them to go to dinner with her. They decided to go to a sushi restaurant. Rita and her grandparents ate every bite of the sushi! They were very full after finishing dinner.
Molly was teaching her son to play checkers. Her son wasn't getting the hang of it. He had a bad attitude when he lost. Molly's son gave up playing. Molly put the checkerboard away.
Ann was on a gymnastics team. Her speciality was the balance beam. Her team had a meet coming up. She was nervous about her routine. When the meet came, her team came in first.
Tina had a bad zit on her face with two days until picture day. She went home everyday, and focussed on healing the zit. The night before picture day, Tina slept with acne cream on her face. When she woke up and cleaned off the cream, she was all clear. Tina went to school and proudly took her picture.
Cody liked the way a chess board looked. But he didn't know how to play chess. So one day he decided to learn and watched a tutorial. He quickly caught on to the rules and understood how to play. Now he plays chess everyday with anyone willing.
Sara was flying her kite. She went to close to a tree. The kite got tangled in the tree's branches. Sara asked her dad for help. Sara's dad was able to untangle the kite from the branches.
I noticed I was hungry after working all day. I decided I wanted a sandwich. After leaving the house I headed to the store. I bought all the items to make it. When I got home, I ate real well!
Alicia thought Morgan was cute. So she decided to hit on him. Morgan quickly told him his wife was there. Alicia did not care about this development. So the wife saw this and started a fight.
Izzy was playing in the sandbox at the park. She decided to dig for treasure. About half an hour later she felts something hard. It was a dollar coin. She had found her treasure.
June loved to make salad. She bought all the ingredients for a mixed salad. As she was washing the lettuce, she spilled sugar in the sink. Luckily she was able to salvage some. June learned to be more careful.
My father took me fishing as a child. I was reluctant, and figured I'd catch nothing. After two hours of being out there, I felt a jerk. My dad immediately took over my rod, and pulled hard. He pulled out a five pound fish for me, and I was so proud!
Sally played some checkers. She reversed her friend Tina. It was a close game. Yet Sally won. She won some ice cream.
Jim was starting a new job. He was nervous to meet all of his new colleagues. He spent all morning trying to pick out a tie. He realized on his way to work he forgot to put on deodorant. He is now known as the office smelly guy.
Lin invited a few people over for a party while her parents were gone. But word spread and a LOT of people ended up coming. Some of them even brought alcohol to the party. They made Lin nervous, so she listened to her gut. Lin made everybody leave her house and ended the party.
Ann brought her daughter into a toy store. They were there to get a toy for someone's birthday. Her daughter wanted her own toy. So, she cried and cried for a toy. Ann was upset at her daughter's behavior and took her home.
I was riding my bike across the neighborhood. My riding was riding from the opposite direction. However, he was about to crash me. I immediately made a shift turn. My knees got scratched from the concrete on the road.
The bachelor's party went to a performance. The show included performers juggling fire sticks and a belly dancer. When the belly dancer came on stage, the party was mesmerized. The dancer went through her routine. The party went home, fulfilled and content with the performance.
Dave really loved a girl named Jen. Dave wrote a song for Jen. Dave surprised Jen at school by pulling out his guitar in class. Dave played the song and sang his heart out. Jen loved it and now they are a couple.
Sarah was fresh off the plane in the UK. She was walking around the streets of London. There was so many cool sites to see. She saw Big Ben, Parliament, and Buckingham Palace. She knew this was going to be a great trip.
My husband's mother asked to talk to me alone. She sat on the porch with a beer in her hand. She began telling me about his childhood. She was severely abused by his father. I was numbed as she warned me that he could turn out the same.
Keith is a musician. He has been trying to make it big. He found a celeb in the city. He asked to play them a song. They liked it and got him famous.
Joan got 5 inch hot pink heels to wear with her prom dress. When her date arrived, she realized she was now taller than him. She thought a minute, then went back upstairs. She switched into some 1 inch pumps. He was taller than her once again.
The diver took his time going to the depths. It was a tricky dive and he knew he needed to be careful. Halfway down a shark came out of nowhere and punctured his air tank. The diver shot up to the surface as he got a glimpse of the octopus. Never again did he dive, but at least he saw the octopus.
Jamie's doctor though Jamie was overweight. Jamie went on a diet. Jamie actually gained weight. Jamie started exercising every day. Jamie lost ten pounds.
A maid ran into her boss in the hallway of the hotel. He told her that the other maid called in sick today. She would have to work twice as hard. The maid said she was up to the task. She got to work right away.
Garrett was in school. It was a stormy day. The rain began to accumulate in the roads. The school district closed the schools early. Garrett went home early.
Ben was riding his bike quickly to get to work. The sun was directly in his eyes and made it difficult to see. He heard a honking horn and slammed on his breaks. He flipped over the handlebars but fortunately landed on grass. Ben walked away with only a few scratches.
I got a brand new car. My friends were so jealous. They really wanted one like it. I didn't want them to be jealous of me. So I let them borrow the car whenever they wanted.
Some girls, like Linda, only go on the internet to post pictures. Linda is trying to impress Dave with her Instagram pictures. But Dave never goes on Instagram. Linda does not know that, so she keeps loading pictures up. Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet, and she is sad.
Stevens loved to swim. He swam almost every day but he wasn't fast. Stevens decided to practice every day. He swum from the morning to the night. Now, Stevens is a very fast swimmer.
Tim had a gambling problem. He was betting a large portion of his income on scratch off tickets. Tim never won any money. His wife urged him to go seek help for his problem. Tim was able to quit gambling with the help of a therapist.
I was in gymnastics class. Suddenly, I snapped my biceps tendon during an exercise. The doctor said I needed to take extra vitamin C to heal the tendon. Alas, I couldn't swallow pills so I decided to eat lots of fruit. The vitamin C from the fruit helped me to heal my tendon!
I recently broke up with my girlfriend, and I can't forget. I can't forget the good times, bad times, and our hopes. Last night I went to bed, and I dreamt of the good times. This morning I woke up, and remembered them vividly. Why did I have to awake, only to remember I'm alone.
Christa took her dog for a walk. When they were out they met a man and his daughter. His daughter played with the dog while the man talked to Christa. All four of them got along really well. From them on they would always take walks together.
In 2005, our friend R decided to homeschool her kids. Her husband was a college professor but he did not make much. She was having trouble paying for Catholic schools. She home schooled both for five years. They both got accepted into good colleges.
Tom worked for a factory. He started getting sick after a while. Tom went to a doctor. The doctor told him it was due to chemicals at the factory. Tom couldn't afford to quit, though.
Amy was very excited because it was the day of her wedding. Her parents were going to fly in from another country. Amy was worried because their flight was already delayed. In the end they were not able to make it on that day. Amy had to postpone her wedding until the next day.
Charlie hired a new maid for his house. The second day his wallet was missing. He instantly blamed his new maid. He fired her on the spot even though she swore she didn't steal. That night Charlie found his wallet in the kitchen, he put it there.
David played his acoustic piano everyday. But his neighbors began to complain about the noise. So David decided to buy a digital piano. And he bought expensive headphones too. David was able to play all night without bothering anyone.
Mandy loved to play sports. It didn't matter what it was because she always did well. That made some girls sort of jealous of her talents. They approached Mandy one day and wanted her off the team. Mandy did as they obliged, but offered to help them improve.
Alexandra was so very tired. She decided to go to sleep. Her neighbor started playing the trumpet loudly. Alexandra went over and asked him to stop. She was about to go to sleep when a marching band rolled by.
Jeremy was going to the shooting range with his dad. It was his first time getting to go. His dad had been very strict about him knowing all the rules. Jeremy was very careful and followed all of his dad's instructions. He had a great time with his dad at the range that day.
Tom bought a new motorcycle. He was driving it home. He got into an accident right away. Tom was seriously injured. He sold the motorcycle soon.
Bill was relaxing at home listening to an audiobook. His favorite philosopher was talking about meditation. The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise. Bill laid on his bed and meditated for the first time. He really enjoyed the relaxing experience.
Willy broke his mother's favorite vase. His mother was away from home and he tried to hide his mistake. Willy tried gluing the vase together. When his mother came in, she noticed the vase looked wrong. Willy was grounded for trying to hide the truth.
I was on a bench in front of my building. I was reading a book and drinking soda. A cab pulled up with a man and a 4 year old child. The child ran over and drank from my soda. I laughed and gave him the can.
Betty was getting dressed for school one day. Then she realized something. She had no clean underwear! She had to sneakily borrow a pair of her brother's boxers. Betty wore mens' underwear to school that day!
I was learning how to sell mutual funds. I found a man who was overpaying on his life insurance. I was able to get him a cheaper policy. We invested the difference in a mutual fund. I got my manager to help me.
Tina had a great new recipe. It was a shrimp dish. She grilled the shrimp and then put it on top of rice. Everyone in her family loved the food. They asked her to make it more often!
Abby was a troublemaker. She broke the law and got arrested. They took her to jail and she was locked up. Abby regretted the things she had done. She promised she would be better when they released her.
The night of the annual school play had arrived. All the parents and teachers were in the audience. The kids were ready to perform. The curtain lifted and the play began. It was a great success, the kids had done wonderfully.
Jane had a pet cat. It was afraid of everything. She invited friends over. The cat ran away as soon as he heard the door. It stayed hidden under a bed for hours.
Tim has always wanted to be able to bench three hundred pounds. He is strong but can only bench about two hundred and fifty currently. He signs up with a trainer and works hard for six months. He eats right and drinks plenty of water as well for the six months. Six months later Tim is able to bench three hundred pounds easily.
I met a little kid named Ben outside a convenience store. Ben told me he could do magic. I asked him to do a trick for me. Ben said he could make a dollar disappear and asked me for one. When I gave it to him, he ran away with it.
Riley is feeling hungry one afternoon. He decides to eat some dumplings. Riley buys some delicious pork dumplings. He eats them all. Riley is happy that he doesn't feel hungry any longer.
I was in a strange mood. I decided to listen to music from anime shows. I turned on youtube and looked around. For some reason I ended up listening to The Beatles instead. I was annoyed that most of the content was blocked, however.
Volunteering for a political campaign, I met an inspirational woman. She'd been married to an abusive man who provided financial security. Divorce freed her spirit, but a nice house was traded for a trailer. In her struggles, she determined to be a voice for people in poverty. I was humbled to work for social justice beside this tough woman.
She had a limited time to learn to give a presentation. She received lessons on how to use powerpoint. After she had everything planned, she went to the meeting. She did a great job in the meeting. Her boss offered her a raised after it was over.
Dan was walking in his farm when he felt some pinch on his leg. He then saw a snake nearby and thought it was a snake bite. Dan got scared and rushed to the nearest hospital. The doctor said it was just an insect bite and not a snake. Dan was relieved and happy to hear that from the doctor.
Bonnie made cards and candy bags for all her classmates. She wanted to make sure everyone felt special on Valentine's Day. But on that day, there was a new girl in class. Bonnie felt horrible that she didn't have anything for her. The next day she took her an extra big bag of candy.
Heather and Brian wanted a new game for their Wii U. Their mom said that a new game would cost too much money. They asked their mom if they could borrow one from the library. She said yes and drove them to the local library. Heather and Brian borrowed a new game and had a great time playing it!
Jon bought a dog. Alas, he did not have enough money left over for a leash. He decided to make a leash. He made it out of nylon rope lying around his house. Jon was proud of the leash he made.
The family went on vacation to Boston. They were looking for something to do one day. So they saw that the Ocean Spray factory was nearby. They had tours and free samples that the kids absolutely loved. They were definitely glad they were able to do it.
Mitch worked very hard at his job. Mitch was going to get promoted to manager. Something came up when they checked his background. He had committed an awful crime. Mitch does not get the manger job and loses the one he has.
Davis went to the party. He was dressed as a girl. The party was at a gay bar. Everyone was accepting of him. Davis danced the night away.
Gina and her siblings were in the garage. Her little sister needed to use the bathroom. But they were locked out of the house. Gina knew she had to find a way back into the house. But she had no idea where to start.
We were so excited to find out the gender of our baby. We went to a place to get an early ultrasound. We watched on the video as she tried to find the parts. Eventually she announced we were going to be parents to a baby girl. It was such an exciting and emotional time, it was great.
I went to Catholic grade school. In 6th grade, everyone participates in the sacrament of Confirmation. I said I did not want to be confirmed, which I thought was a choice. I thought my mother would agree with me. I was grounded and had to stay after school and clean the convent.
Grandpa was driving Lucy home. He told a story which cheered the girl up. He continued telling her of his childhood. She shared stories of her own. They rode home laughing and sharing stories with each other.
Ashley was suppose to go on a camping trip with her friends. She wanted to get a warm pair of cargo pants. The outdoor fitness store had the perfect pair of pants. She purchased them on her way to the campground. When she got there she realized she bought the wrong size.
Stella worked for a super demanding boss. He would never give her affirmations for the hard work she did. Stella felt incredibly unhappy with her life. She was certain she deserved more praise for all she did. Stella filed a discrimination claim against her boss.
Lilly loved to sing and everyone thinks she is really good. She had no desire to do it professionally. She used her "gift" for special occasions. One day, she was asked to visit a nursery and sing to sick babies. She loved doing it so much, she started doing it every week.
Demi was at the store. She saw some makeup that she wanted but she couldn't afford it. She put it in her cart anyways and considered stealing it. As she walked around, she wrestled with her decision. Finally, she decided not to steal and put the makeup back.
Mary works two jobs and has for most of her life. She realize that she never has any free time to herself. She has enough money saved to retire easily. She quit one of her jobs and now has free time for herself. She is much happier now!
Pearl went shopping with friends. She bought a new sweater and tried it on. It fit perfectly. Pearl walked to the next store until she noticed something. She was wearing the sweater but forgot her pants.
Tom and his friends always made fun of the bus driver. And the bus driver had little he could do about it. But Tom always got low grades and fooled around. And after high school, he needed work. After failing to find a good job, he had to become a bus driver.
Josephine was about to give birth when her mom called. She told her mom she had to go to the hospital. Her mom picked her up but Josephine was already having contractions. She gave birth on her way to the hospital. And her mom had to have her car cleaned the next day.
I saw a crow above my head. He was sitting on a branch of the tree beside me. I did my best to imitate a caw. The rest of the people on the patio started staring. Finally, one woman in the back joined in.
Sam was tired after watching a movie. He almost fell asleep on the sofa. Eventually he made it to his bed. He woke up when he thought it was morning. He had just forgotten to turn off the lights, though.
Turner grew up making beets. He decided to live in the city, instead. He found he yearned to farm beets again. He left the city. He went back home.
Jerry had never been to a funeral. He wasn't sure if he could handle it. His grandmother died at age eighty-five. He didn't cry at her funeral because there was family support. After the funeral he ate with family and they kept him company.
Carol was having a lot of money problems. She needed to figure out how to increase her income. She needed to catch up on her house payment. She started following a financial advisor. She was able to turn her life around.
Steven went to get a new glasses prescription. The eye doctor took his eye exam. He said that strangely, Steven no longer needed glasses. Steven took off his glasses and everything became crystal clear. Steven then remembered he was wearing contacts.
I have three dogs. Getting them groomed professionally is costly. So I had to find a way to do it inexpensively. I purchased a good pair of clippers and decided to do it myself. I'm no groomer so I give all three dogs a very short buzz cut.
Amy got a plant for her birthday. She didn't know much about plants. She learned how to take care of them properly. She took very good care of her plant. It grew to be beautiful and tall.
On an off chance one day, Marie found herself in Passaic. Parked, she happened to look up at a going out of business sign. She went into the store with the sign which was a material store. Once inside, she was immediately drawn to a beautiful gold fabric. She instantly knew what to make with it and bought the whole bolt.
Lana and Nicole were always good friends. They shared everyday and every activity together. When they grew older, they shared friends. But Lana crossed the line and shared Nicole's Boyfriend. Though hurt Nicole forgave her to save their friendship.
Nancy took her son to the eye doctor. The doctor gave the little boy his first pair of glasses. Nancy drove home with her son wearing his glasses. Suddenly, the boy shouted excitedly and pointed out the window. Nancy realized her son was seeing leaves in trees for the first time.
Shana rode on a plane for the first time. She was nervous about being on the plane! She felt a little turbulence, which was normal. She sang to herself as she closed her eyes. Before she knew it she reached her destination!
Louis was watching his favorite show. It was a crime drama and thriller. He was in suspense as the mystery was about to be solved. Suddenly, the TV went blank and the lights went out. There was a power outage.
Tammy rarely let her cats out. One day her boyfriend convinced her to. The cats loved it but one ran off instead of returning. Tammy looked for it everywhere without being able to find it. She always blamed her boyfriend for it.
I was referred to a specialist for chronic abdominal pain. Unfortunately, I had to wait four weeks for the appointment. Impatient for answers, I researched on the Internet to self-diagnose. My reading erroneously convinced me I was dying of pancreatic cancer. I learned to wait for experts and stop believing everything I read!
Bob's brother, Jim, was always playing pranks on Bob. Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge. Bob put super glue on Jim's comb. Jim got the comb stuck in his hair and had to shave his hair off. Bob laughed and Jim congratulated him on finally getting him back.
Liz was assigned an essay to write. She knew it was due in two weeks. Two weeks later, Liz got to class. Her teacher asked for the essay. Liz had forgotten to write hers and got a zero.
It turned out to be a coincidence. She was just trying to smell it. My cat sat when I put down the Cheerio. She wanted to see what it was. At first I thought I had taught the cat to sit.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is multiracial. She is part Dominican, Chinese, and Irish. She has big eyes. One day an old lady said she has saucer eyes. We use that term as her nickname sometimes.
John loved comic books. He read them all the time as a kid. He had a large collection of them. One day he decided to sell his collection. It ended up being over $5000.
The man went golfing with a friend. The man lost all of his balls in the trees. He asked his friend for some balls. His friend did not have any balls for him to borrow. The man watched his friend finish the round of golf.
Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play. They were a family that loved games, all but chess. One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.
I was playing a video game. You were supposed to outrun a car. I didn't find the speed upgrade. I fishtailed the car instead. It could never pass me.
Sam was hungry but had no money. He decided to steal some food at the grocery store. An employee noticed. Sam tried to run away but was stopped. He got into big trouble and now has a record.
Brian became furious glaring at the black screen of his monitor. He didn't have time to deal with going to a computer doctor. Brian decided to just do a system recovery he had read about. Unfortunately, he didn't realize that it would delete everything. He learned to do frequent backups after losing all pictures and music.
Mike was making dinner. He was making a pasta and started with the sauce. He used tomatoes and fresh vegetables. And got fresh herbs from his garden. But forgot he had no pasta to heat up!
Joy's boss thought he was very funny. One day he joked to Joy about her being fat and lazy. The next morning, Joy was supposed to open the coffee shop. Instead, she left a long letter and the keys to the shop. She did not think her boss was funny at all.
Katie made hot tea. As she went to serve it, it spilled down her shirt. She did not realize how hot it was. Katie burned her chest. She decided to be more careful next time.
Tom was cold at night. So his mother bought him a beanie. Tom was surprised how much of a difference it made. And he wore it every night. Tom loved his new beanie.
My friend and a few other African Americans went to a restaurant. It is customary for the waiters to bring the food to the table. On this given day, the waiters refused to bring the food to my friend. She had to walk to the back of the restaurant and get it. She decided that the people at that restaurant were racists.
Colin wanted an ice cream sandwich. Colin walked to the grocery store. The grocery store did not have ice cream sandwiches. Colin was disappointed. He bought popsicles instead.
Fred wanted to ask Alicia to the dance. He thought she would say yes. But unfortunately she ended up saying no. Fred was absolutely crushed. He didn't know what to do.
Today I found out I'm highly allergic to cats. I had to tell my boyfriend that the cat can't sleep with us anymore. At about 1:30 this morning, I felt him get out of bed. I asked him where he was going so late. He said to sleep in the living room because the cat is sad.
Kary Kary was laughing bitterly. She had a new partner on the job. Kary had worked hard to get where she was. She was bullied in school. Now her tormentor was her superior.
Joe thought he was going crazy. He heard noises outside his window. He ran and told his mom. She went to hear what the noise was. It turns out it was just crickets.
Billy lived in Anchorage, Alaska. He lived near the indigenous locals. He decided to talk with them and become friends. He learned excellent fishing techniques from them. He quickly became an expert fisherman.
I asked a girl out. She agreed to a date. Later in the day I asked another girl out. She also said yes! Alas, they both realized what I did and they dumped me.
Frank was well known in the city. He was a member of the mob. The police knew him well. They were trying to trap him for years. Frank knew he had to be very careful.
Kate's mom wanted her to help paint the living room. Kate tried to make excuses. Her mom countered each one. There was no way out of the chore. Kate frowned as she spent her afternoon painting the living room.
Tom was at a fancy dinner. He didn't know much about wine. He tried to seem impressive and got the most expensive bottle. It turned out tasting horrible. Tom could barely drink it.
Don was at the pool. His friends challenged him to race. Don agreed if there was a prize. Winner got ice cream. Don won and got a free treat.
Adam wanted to play Pokemon Go. His mom let him use her phone. While walking around the neighborhood he tripped and fell. The screen shattered from the fall. Adam returned the phone to his mom, looking guilty.
Ben tried to annoy Sam. He ended up stepping on her homework. The paper ripped in half. She got frustrated and kicked Ben. He landed on the ground.
Cheryl worked more than 40 hours every week. She hoped that her hard work would be recognized. Her supervisor however did not give her a stellar review. Cheryl was very disappointed and disheartened. She started looking for a new job.
Scott was up for a promotion along with two other people. All three people had to interview for the promotion. Scott prepared himself and went into the interview confident. He had to wait four days to hear the results and he became nervous. After four days Scott was promoted!
Cynthia was learning how to do a cartwheel. She was in a gymnastics class that met once a week. She worked very hard to improve. She wanted to be able to do a backflip eventually! Her coach said she'd be able to with a lot of hard work.
Gerald was short on money one day. He decided that since he had free time, he would get a job. Gerald applied at many places until he got a cashier job. He went to the interview and impressed the interviewer. Gerald got the job the next day and started making money.
Marie drove to pick her daughter up from school. While driving, she stopped at a red light. A car rear ended her as she was waiting for the light to change. Marie got out of the car and checked to see if it was fine. Nobody was hurt, and Marie called for someone to go get her daughter.
Adam lost his dog last week. He posted posters all over his neighborhood hoping someone found it. A call came in a month later. Someone found his dog and put him in the pound! Adam rushed to the pound to reunite with his dear friend.
Bob was late to work for the fifth time this month. He was normally never late but he was still worried about being fired. When he arrived, his boss called him into his office. Bob tried to apologize to his boss and explain why he was late. But his boss told him that they needed to fire him anyways.
Tam loved playing video games in his free time. He thought it would be a great idea to start streaming for others. Tam was very surprised to find out that people enjoyed his humor. He slowly gained a loyal fanbase and quit his traditional job. Tam has never been happier with his career.
Two men walked down the street when they saw something shiny ahead. One man, Joe, picked it up and said it was a 23 cent coin. The other man, Al, said that the coin was probably fake and worthless. Joe held tightly on to the coin because he thought it was special. Joe took the coin to the bank but the teller refused the fake money.
Barry was excited to take his daughter to the park. However, Barry figured since it was Sunday, it would be empty. Barry certainly guessed wrong! Barry decided to take his child to another nearby park. Barry was glad the park was empty, and he could play with his child.
The man turned on the waffle maker. He put some batter on it. He left it to cook. The batter remained raw. It was not plugged in.
Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly. She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard. Her mom finally bought her one and Riley brought it outside. Just as she began to try to ride it, she fell on it, breaking it. Riley ran to her mom crying while carrying the broken board.
Sam was cold. It was the middle of winter. She went to the store. She bought a new scarf and hat. She felt warmer with her new clothing.
Ben decided to start exercising every morning. He was very diligent for about a week. Slowly he started to slack off. And he went back to his old routine. He had to push himself to start exercising again.
Ted and his friends were bored one day. Ted's dad suggested the boys play marbles. The boys didn't know how to play! Ted's dad was happy to show them the game. Soon the boys were happily playing marbles together!
Steven decided to write his first real novel one day. He took a vacation from work and began writing. After writing the book he began to contact publishers. A large publisher liked the manuscript and decided to publish it. Months later, Steven began to get very rich and popular from the book.
Tim was driving. It had been raining for days. ONe of the roads had deep water. Tim tried to drive through but failed. His car stalled out half way.
Last night I was trying to watch television. I was flipping through channels and everything was fine. However to my dismay I saw a black screen. The tv was broken. Thankfully the next day it worked again.
I decided to eat oatmeal to lose weight and stay healthy. It tasted awful. I added sugar, cinnamon, butter, candy, marshmallows, and chocolate. The new ingredients made it taste amazing. However, I was shocked when I gained 15 pounds.
I have a phobia about caterpillars. One day, after doing some yard work, I came inside for a cool drink. As I raised my cup, I brushed against something spiky on my shirt. I looked down and saw a hairy caterpillar on my chest! I screamed and threw my cup of water straight up in the air!
Brianna loved to collect seashells at the shallow waters. While searching she felt something touch her foot. Then she saw a tiny yellow fish. The fish kept swimming around her feet. It followed her around all morning.
Will's daughter Ella had a ballet recital coming up. Ella was extremely nervous about the recital. Will encouraged her to practice every single day. Ella worked very hard and learned more technique. Ella danced beautifully at the recital!
Kristen's family decided to buy a puppy. They were very excited to bring the puppy home. They named the puppy Stephanie. Stephanie started acting sick. Kristen's family had to put Stephanie to sleep.
Terry screamed. Everyone in the office looked in his direction. His boss asked why he screamed like he did. Terry screamed again and showed his boss his lottery ticket. Terry had just won a million dollars.
Bob was a professor. He was trying to give a lecture. The students were being rowdy. He decided to run his fingernails down the chalkboard. The sound made the students be quiet.
Tim knew he wanted to go to college since kindergarden. College was not an option in his eyes. He applied to many, but knew he wanted to go to U of M. When the time came, Tim packed his bags and moved there. Going to college was the most exciting thing to him.
I got one of those new drones. It is a lot of fun. I have been flying it all over town. It takes some really cool videos. You will have to come check them out.
Jerry was focused. It was his first cross country race. Jerry wanted to do well for the team and for himself. The race started and he was off. He ran really well that day and won.
Allie had an interview at a store. She needed to be there by ten. However she woke up late. She got there an hour late. The manager was so mad that she wouldn't interview her.
Tim loved to play the guitar. He was dating a girl he liked very much. One night he played the guitar for her. She loved watching and listening to him playing the guitar. She fell in love with him after hearing him play the guitar.
Jake's aunt invited him on a trip to South Africa with her family. He was excited about traveling so he eagerly accepted. A few days ago she called him and asked him for $1,000 for tickets. Jake didn't realize his aunt wanted him to pay for his own trip. Now he can't go because he can't afford the tickets.
A girl learned to play trumpet. She didn't want to practice alone. She asked others to join her. They met after school. They formed a trumpet team.
John's wife was pregnant. She went into labor. She died in childbirth. The baby was fine. He named it after her.
Josh went to the beach. On the beach a man was selling metal detectors. Josh purchased one from the man. He walked along the beach with it for hours. Eventually, Josh found a small locket.
My friend and I went shoe shopping. She has very small feet and I have large feet. We wanted to buy shoes at the same store. A pair of red shoes fit me, and also fit my friend. We ended up buying the same shoes in different sizes.
Ron notices that he really needs a shower. It has been several days since he has showered. Ron takes a shower. He feels much better. He is glad that he showered.
Kim was outside playing when it began to rain. Her mother called for her to come into the house. Kim begged and begged to go back out in the rain. Her mother finally allowed her to go outside. Kim had a blast splashing around in the puddles.
I saw on Facebook that Cara, a thirty year old woman died. I asked my daughter, who is the same age, about her. She said Cara was in her high school in Brighton. Cara had drug and alcohol problems and died as a result of an od. I was saddened by this.
Shannon went to lunch with a friend. She looked at the menu. A waiter asked what she wanted. She read the meal she wanted. Then, the waiter took her menu.
Andy's daughter loved drinking Capri Sun. Andy decided to play a prank, and hide the juice boxes from her. Andy watched as his daughter searched for the Juice Boxes. However, Andy's daughter got very upset that she could not find them. Andy decided he would continue the prank until they were found.
Jack was fined for jaywalking on his birthday. He decided he would take the fine to court. Jack showed up to his court date. The judge looked at the facts of the case. Jack was found innocent.
I took a walk through the park today. I wanted to connect with nature. I saw some beautiful flowers bloom. I heard the bluebird sing a beautiful song. My walk through the park relaxed me.
Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot. When the results came in she had seen that she won. The first thing Jan bough herself was a Ferrari. After 3 years Jan had spent all the money that she won. Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost.
Roxy used to be a very social person. But the older she got she became less sociable. She began to withdraw from friends and they stopped calling her. She then began withdrawing from her family that didn't live with her. Now Roxy only talks to her husband and kids and is mostly a loner.
I went to use my Touch ID on my phone. It was broken. I had to get it fixed. But when I brought it to someone, they said it couldn't be fixed. So I had to buy another one instead.
I friended Joe, one of my son's friends on Snapchat. Joe is an eccentric person. Most of his snapchats are of him walking around the city. Last night he snapchatted photos of his bare feet. I stopped following Joe on Snapchat.
Caleb went to the movies. He bought a ticket to a comedy movie and got a tub of popcorn. Caleb found a seat and got ready to watch the film. The film was boring and not funny at all. Caleb fell asleep watching the movie.
My brother's daughter is engaged to a white man, George. We are Chinese. George said he cannot eat pork because he gets sick. One day my brother fed him a spring roll, which George ate. My brother smiled to himself, as the roll had pork in it.
Lucille spoke to a friend online for months. After work one day, she asked her friend to visit her in person. The friend agreed. Two weeks later, Lucille rode down to the bus station. Lucille finally met her friend in person for the first time.
Emmett decided to learn Spanish. He bought Rosetta Stone. Then he started learning. Soon he was fluent! He was glad he could communicate with Spanish-speaking people.
Arpad got a gift of a mint plant from their mother. They happily planted it in their new garden. The mint plant did very well. In fact the mint plant did entirely too well. By the end of the summer the mint had choked out most other plants.
Our mother fell down at home. She hurt herself. We then needed to call the ambulance, as she couldn't get herself up. The ambulance came for her. She was admitted to the hospital for observation.
Leonard heard someone talking about him. Leonard got upset. Leonard confronted the person about what he was saying. He found out it really wasn't about him. Leonard walked away embarrassed.
Maggie had a pet cat. She also wanted to own a dog. Maggie's sister told her that dogs and cats can not get along. Maggie accepted the principle as sound advice. She ceased her crusade to obtain a dog.
Jimmy wanted to play at the playground. Jimmy's mom told him he needed to clean his room first. Jimmy disobeyed and went to the playground without cleaning his room. Mom discovered Jimmy's room still messy. Jimmy was grounded when he got home.
I made an apple and banana milkshake. And I thought it would be good for my health. But it tasted too sugary. So I added more and more unsweetened almond milk to it. But eventually, it tasted bland.
Charles grew up in Compton, a city considered a ghetto. He thought he moved out when he went to college. But he came home after graduation. He found a good job but it would take time to save money and move. After six months he qualified for an apartment and moved.
Chuck was driving down the road. Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with. They said a roundabout was ahead. Chuck panicked and turned around. He didn't really need to go that way anyway.
Dan threw mashed potatoes at his friend Alex in the cafeteria. Alex thew food back. Before long the whole cafeteria was throwing food. A teacher saw Dan start the food fight. Dan was suspended for 2 days.
Ally had a big piano recital coming up. She was very nervous that she would make a mistake. Ally practiced for hours every day leading up to the recital. When Ally finally played her piece, she didn't miss a single note! Ally took a bow during the audience's applause.
Drew only buys new underwear for special occasions. Like when his ex-girlfriend flew into town from Houston. She told him the day and time she would arrive. That morning he went to Walmart and bought new underwear and socks. Drew needed them too, his old shorts were stretched out of shape.
Dave walked up to the podium wearing his cap and gown. He looked into the crowd of people and saw his family waving. Before he knew it, the diploma was in his hands. It was a very proud day. That evening, he went out to a fancy restaurant with his family.
I dropped my phone while doing the dishes. I grabbed it just as it slid into the water. I put it in a bag of rice. Four hours later, it turned on ok. However, it won't stop flashing.
I heard a loud noise last night. The noise woke me up from sleeping. I went outside to see where the noise was coming from. It was coming from my next door neighbor's house. I went over and ask him to turn the music down.
Georgia was walking home from school. It started raining so she pulled out her umbrella. She tried to put it up but it was broken! Georgia ran home in the rain. She and her broken umbrella were soaked.
Chase loved to watch racing videos. The day finally came when he got his license and a car. Chase hopped in and sped through town like a crazed man. The cops pulled him over. Chase was arrested for endangering the public.
I received cranial radiation for two weeks. At first, my hair didn't fall off. However, small strands came out few weeks after the radiation. Instead of watching it fall out, I decided to cut it. My hair didn't grow back until three months later.
Don had any early start in the morning. He was going to play a round of golf. His neighbours had a party which stopped Don from sleeping. When he played, he realised the sleep deprivation helped him. His swing loosened up and he was a lot more accurate.
It was 100 degrees in Ray's house. He decided to buy an air conditioner. He started doing research on what to buy. At the store he found the perfect one. He is now cool and relaxed in his house.
Katie could not find her keys anywhere. She looked all over her house. She checked in all her bags. Finally she checked her door. Her keys had been in her front door all this time.
Kia loved exploring. One day some friends invited her on a trip. It was a spelunking tour, exploring caves. Kia eagerly signed up for the trip. She couldn't wait for the fun adventure!
I woke up and went outside. I saw a small rock on my doorstep. I picked it up. Someone had painted it with a face. I knew instantly it was the girl next door, and smiled.
Chad's stomach began to rumble. He decided it was time for lunch. He left class and walked to the nearest dining hall. He ordered hamburgers, pizza, and ice cream. Chad ate it all and got sick.
My sister in law is very angry about her job. She is a waitress at an assisted living facility. She asked to take her vacation December 1st. They said no, maybe December 18th. They just told her to wait for the new year.
My teeth have been hurting all of a sudden out of nowhere. I booked an emergency dentist appointment right away. The dentist asked when the last time I flossed was. I honestly couldn't remember but I know I don't floss often. The dentist told me I have gum disease and need to start flossing.
Ned wanted a new addition to his backyard landscape. He looked in a lot of nurseries before finding a nice plum tree. Ned went home and planted the tree in his backyard. He didn't realize the amount of work a small tree can be. Ned finally got his first plum three years later.
Joshua was an absolute neat-freak. He would shower and wash his hands obsessively throughout the day. One day, a friend asked if Joshua wanted to hear a dirty joke. Without waiting, the friend told a joke about kids playing in the mud. Joshua was so enraged, he threw a bar of soap at his friend.
I had some friends over for dinner. I went to the wine basement to get some wine. I remembered my friends liked Pinot Noir so I grabbed a bottle of it. Indeed, my friends loved the Pinot Noir. Alas, it was my most expensive bottle and they finished all of it.
One day, Matt's dog was sick. He had to take him to the vet. Once he got there, he filled out a lot of paperwork and waited. Eventually, the vet saw his dog and prescribed some medicine. Thankfully, the dog got better soon!
Mindy had an assigned seat at the front of the bus. It was the only place her cello would fit. One day, another boy had taken her seat. He wouldn't move out of her seat. The bus driver had him move.
The Johnsons planned a family trip. They always had fun on them. Before they left the father got sick. Eventually two other family members got sick too. The Johnsons had to cancel their trip.
I was in a rush for food during my break so I was stressed. I wasn't sure what to get for lunch and there wasn't much around. It needed to be fast so I decided on a drive-thru. I drove up to the drive-thru and it was very busy. I ended up just barely making it back to work after my break!
Rick's neighbor lost her keys. She was locked out of her house and asked Rick for help. Rick helped her look for her lost keys. He ended up finding her spare key hidden in her glove compartment. She was so thankful that she baked cookies for Rick.
Mary fell while playing volleyball. She landed on her wrist, and it broke! Mary rushed to the emergency room. The doctor there bandaged her hand and gave her medicine. Soon Mary's hand was as good as new!
Brad stops and gets a 44 oz mountain dew every day. He drinks his mountain dew early in the morning. Brad develops diabetes. Brad doesn't get the medical attention he needs. Brad passes away.
Frank made his own pasta when he ate lasagna. Franks made pasta for his friends as well. Franks had a friend who made her own sauce. One day Frank invited her over and they made spaghetti. Frank ended up marrying the woman.
Jason watched as the credits rolled on his movie. He took the tape out of the machine before it started to rewind. He then went and pulled his dad over to start another movie. His dad went through all of the tapes looking for one that was rewound. Finding none, dad put in a DVD instead.
Vanessa got a blanket for Easter. It was pink and soft. She slept with it every day. One day she left it in a hotel during a trip. Vanessa was devastated.
The Noel family woke up early to go to the beach. Once they arrived, they sat their stuff down and went for a swim. The kids built sand castles on the shore. The family also collected shells. Later, they packed their beach supplies and headed home to rest.
Kim arrived at work to see the only park had a huge puddle. She parked and attempted to jump over the puddle. She landed in the deepest part and soaked her boots. The water began to seep in through the seems and wet her socks. Kim sat at her desk the whole day with cold wet feet.
Josh needed a suit for his interview. Josh decided to go to the outlet mall to get a suit. He found a suit he liked but it was too loose at shoulder. He went to a tailor to have the suit fitted. Josh now had a great suit for his interview.
Joel wanted to go to the school dance. But he couldn't get a girl to go with him. Sadly Joel decided he couldn't go. But then he had another idea. He took his little sister and they had a great time together!
Jim wanted a new videogame for his birthday. His parents didn't know much about those things. They tried to buy it for him. Unfortunately they got the wrong one. Jim was disappointed but thanked them anyway.
Lucy needed new glasses. She couldn't decide what frames to get. She took her sister Ruby for support. Ruby liked the red frames. Lucy therefore got the red frames.
Willow fell to the ground. The pavement was covered in her blood. Pedestrians stopped to help. Picked her fragile body from the ground. Ultimately, taken to the hospital for treatment.
John was always scared of roaches. His friends knew about his fear. They decided to pull a prank on him. He entered his car one day. He found hundreds of roaches in his car as he freaked out.
Sam got thirsty at night. He decided to go to the kitchen without turning any lights on. He ran into an end table. He stubbed his toe really hard. Sam decided to turn the lights on from now on.
Crystal thought her father worried too much. But all she could do now was take his advice. He said she had to be one hundred percent confident she could win. Crystal was racing a runner with a faster time. But she visualized herself winning and she won the race.
Mary and Kay went for a hike on a big trail. They were hiking for 2 hours when they realized they were lost. They saw a man sitting down on the trail and asked for directions. He turned to them and was bleeding! He was just attacked by a wolf, and the girls patched him up.
A couple talked about date ideas. One of them suggested they paint something. They went to a local kiln. They made a plate together. They picked it up the next day.
Bob smelled something foul. He realized it was coming from his kitchen. He opened the cabinet under the sink. He realized the garbage can was the source of the smell. He took out the garbage and the house smelled normal again.
Jerry was washing his clothes. All of a sudden, he heard a loud rumbling from his washing machine. There was detergent pouring out everywhere. He had put in too much detergent. Jerry had to clean up the mess with a mop.
The DJ had a big event tonight. He would be spinning in front of hundred. He prepared all week for this event. He got on stage and started his track. The audience cheered him on as he played different songs.
Sheri was going on an interview. She had planned to get to the meeting twenty minutes early. The traffic on Sheri's route was horrible. She fell behind on schedule. Sheri still managed to get to the meeting five minutes early.
Taffy Smaffy was working on a film set when she met her husband. They were working on different ends of a set of a filming. When a light nearly fell on Taffy. Her groom to be dived and tried to save her. Unfortunately his jump was short, but the light wouldn't have hit her.
John was at Walmart to buy some honey. He got inline to purchase the honey. When it was his turn he realized he forgot his wallet. John could not buy the honey. John left the store without the honey.
Kelly found her grandmother's pizza recipe in a shoebox of memories. Kelly reminisced about how much she loved her grandmother's pizza. Kelly decided that she was going to try to make pizza. Kelly studied the recipe and gathered everything she needed. Kelly successfully made a pizza from her grandmother's recipe.
Joe wanted to be a rapper. He looked for friends online who knew music. He found a guy named bill. Bill made great hip hop beats. Together they made beautiful music and lots of money.
June 3rd was Free Donut Day this year. Dunkin Donuts gave out free donuts with the purchase of a coffee. My wife picked me up after work and we headed to our local shop. I had a Boston cream donut, and she had a chocolate one. We both enjoyed our free donuts, despite the calories.
Karla was walking home from work one day. She noticed chirping coming from the bushes. Karla looked and found a bird with a broken wing. She took the bird home so it could heal safely. The bird grew strong and flew away soon after.
Hannah really wanted to pay for all her Christmas gifts with cash. In previous years, she had put a lot of the gifts on her credit card. She was trying to get out of debt and has stopped using credit cards. Hannah opened a special savings account to save for Christmas. She successfully paid for all her gifts with cash and no more debt.
Bob was doing the dishes. But there was food stuck to one of the plates. He blamed his brother for not rinsing it out. And he left the plate in the sink. Bob decided to never rinse his plates and neglected doing the dishes.
Johnnie got dragged to the ballet because his sister wanted to go. He was dreading how boring it would be. He was already bored when the lights were dimmed. Then when the dancers started he got into it. He was sad when it ended.
It was nighttime. Annie heard an odd noise. It seemed like it was right outside her window. She looked through the window. A big snowy owl was perched on the sill.
Kelly didn't like her living room. She wanted to make it really stand out. She hired an interior designer to come redo it. When she was finished, it was a beautiful space! Kelly was in love with her new room!
Toni went to see her Grandma. It was her Grandma's 70th birthday. Toni took her a present of some flowers. Grandma loved the flowers. She put them in a vase and had a very happy birthday.
Courtney got a new hedgehog. She named the hedgehog Haddie. Haddie was very grumpy at first. Courtney played with her everyday. Now Hattie loves to come out and play.
Cindy and her husband weren't getting along. Cindy was considering divorce, but it was against her religion. She went to her priest for advice. He advised her that God would understand if she divorced her husband. Cindy went ahead with the split and her life improved greatly.
I decided to lose weight. I had a lot of weight to get rid of. I embarked on a low calorie diet. I was so tired I could barely get out of bed. Eventually, I started feeling better and losing weight.
One morning, Joe woke up and had a strange feeling. He realized that he had not studied last night. Joe tried to get as much studying in as he got ready in the morning. On the way to class, he was very worried. When he got to class, he found out the test was delayed.
Tina was the backup singer in a band. She never got to sing despite practicing. One day the main singer got sick and her turn was up! She was nervous at first but did an excellent job. The crowd loved her a lot and so they started using her more often.
Phil's family wanted to take a trip to the beach. Phil was not a big fan of the beach. In order to make his family happy, he agreed to the trip. The beach had soft sand and it was a lovely day. Phil grudgingly admitted that he had a very nice day.
Peter and Mary went ice skating one day. Mary fell and Peter had to help her off the ice. It turns out that Mary had turned her ankle. Peter took her to the doctor. Mary is happy to have a good friend like Peter.
A man went to the garden supply store for potting soil. He was amazed by how much the soil cost. The man accused the clerk of overcharging him for dirt. The clerk tried to explain why it so expensive but the man scoffed. The man thought it was a con and left the store.
There was a little girl who wants a new doll. Hey mom was shopping and saw a doll on sale. She bought it from her daughter. Her daughter saw the dolls and loved it. They played all night with the doll.
Elle's mom asked her if she wanted an apple. She was so excited about getting a phone at last. Her mom walked out of the room. She came back with a piece of fruit. Elle was extremely disappointed.
The man's eye itched. He thought it would pass. The next day it still itched. He asked the doctor for help. The doctor gave him allergy medicine.
Ben was saving up for a brand new bicycle. After months of saving his allowance, he finally purchased his bike. He rode it around the neighborhood, showing it off. One day, he saw another boy riding a dirty and rusty bike. Ben decided to give the boy his own bike.
Tom was taking part in a pro wrestling battle royal. He was excited to be in a big match. He knew he wouldn't win before it started. TOm still gave it his most throughout. The audience really appreciated his effort.
I was in New York for a vacation. My girlfriend joined and we had a great time. We got into an argument about tipping street performers. She stormed off in the middle of the city. I found her and we almost broke up.
Olivia was pregnant. She was joining her friends at a restaurant. All her friends ordered drinks. Olivia knew she couldn't drink while pregnant. She ordered soda instead.
My niece got married in June. Her wedding was in Detroit. We travelled all the way from Georgia to Detroit. It was on a very hot day. The wedding was beautiful.
Harold needed a new kidney. He was brought to the hospital for the surgery. He was nervous and excited. When he came out of anesthesia, he was groggy but happy. The surgery had been a success!
I was walking through the store. A woman walked up to me and asked for my time. I listened to her speak about an unknown disease. She asked for a donation to the cause. I gave her ten dollars because that was all I had.
I was eating a chicken sandwich in a cafeteria. It was not that good. My friends gave me lettuce, tomatoes and mayo. I put it all on the sandwich. After that it tasted great.
Rocky is a boxer. He fights in a bunch of matches and reaches the top. He finally gets a shot at the title. He trains day and night to prepare for the fight. Rocky wins the fight and becomes the champion.
Barbara went boating this morning. She has a one-man sail boat. She says it helps her focus all day if she goes sailing before dawn. When the sun comes up, Barbara meditates in her boat. Tomorrow, she says she'll take me with her.
Jules wanted to cook for her family. She decided to cook spaghetti. She bought all the ingredients. When she got home, she had forgotten the seasoning. Jules had to get creative but it all turned out great.
Tom visited a canyon. The canyon had water in it. Tom walked towards the cliff. Tom looked down. Tom jumped into the water inside the canyon.
Leah was in a car accident. She broke her foot in several places. She has been walking in a cast since the accident. Today she is getting her cast taken off. When the cast is removed, her foot looks very different than before.
There was a girl named Jada. She was a very fun girl. She liked to sing and dance. She won many competitions. She met a man at one and got married.
Julie was the only single one in her group of friends. Her best friend decided to set her up on a date. Julie did not want to go but went any way. The date went well. Julie and the guy are now a couple.
I logged onto the Timberland Website. There was a sale on boots. I scrolled through the options and found a good pair. There were a pair for $60 dollars however, there was a few left. I purchased it quickly and got the deal.
The cop was angry. Nobody respected him. He asked for respect. Nobody changed their behavior. The cop became furious.
My house was broken into, but none of my electronics were missing. Instead, the person stole all of my clothes out of the closet. I called the cops and tried to turn on the TV while they got there. The thieves also stole the cables out of the back of the TV. The cops didn't believe I was robbed because of what was stolen.
Bernie was in the running for president. He catered to the middle class and the poor. He ran a hard debate. He ended up winning everyone was happy
Tom was getting older. He noticed that he was going bald. He tried to do several things to fix it. None of the products worked. Tom eventually just dealt with it.
Tina was not feeling well. So she decided to take a sick day from work. She was hesitant because she hated sick days. But she called her boss. Luckily her boss let her stay in and just relax.
Matt opened up a new store. He got a loan from a friend. He put in new flooring. He ordered the nutritional supplements. His first store is still open today.
Sam drove a rather old car. He didn't do much maintenance on it. One day he was driving and his brakes went out. Sam had to slow it down with the emergency brake. He started taking better care of the car after that.
On delivery day, Jim waited outside his shop for the bread man. Jim suspected that the bread man was late so he checked his watch. The time was noon so the bread man was already an hour late. Jim called up the bread man's company to see what happened. The voice on the phone told Jim that the bread man was sick today.
Judy wanted an edgy hairdo like her favorite celebrity. She brought a picture of the celebrity to the hair salon. The stylist tried to talk Judy out of it, to no avail. Judy left the salon feeling confident and chic. Then she caught sight of herself in a store window.
Ron could not sleep because he heard a whining cat in his backyard. He looked outside and wanted to shoo it away. But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside. The next morning, he saw sign for a lost cat, including a reward. Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night.
A man came to mow the grass. It had not been done in a long time. I offered him $100 for the job. When he was done, he asked if he could have the ladder in my yard. We traded the work for the ladder instead.
One night, Jane heard a knock on her door. When Jane asked who was there, a man said he was delivering pizza. Jane told him to go away because she hadn't ordered pizza. Jane's brother ran up and told her he had ordered pizza! Jane and her brother were very relieved to receive their pizza.
The two cops are on hot pursuit of a drug dealer. As they get close the dealer throws away his stash. One of the two cops chases the drugs. The other one continues chasing the drug dealer. Eventually they get both and make a proper arrest.
Ted needed a new house. Finding a house was nearly impossible. Ted decided to build his own house. It took him five long years. He built the most beautiful house on the block!
Kate was obsessed with her weight. She felt she was too fat. She did everything possible to lose weight. Eventually her doctor told her she was unhealthy and too thin. Kate had to go to therapy to force her to gain weight.
Neil took a flight to the island of Cyprus. There, he studied their culture. He learned about their strong Greek and Mediterranean influences. Then he enjoyed a delicious meal of fish. He found Cyprus enthralling and fascinating.
Hari loved to play cricket. He would dream about playing professionally. He decided to audition for the local team. He was granted a position at the team! After many years, Hari made it to the professional leagues!
Fred could not find the television remote. He looked everywhere for it. He searched his house like crazy. Finally Fred found it under his pillow. Fred was relieved.
Jane got tired of tripping over toys in her house. She found four boxes and labeled them with each season. Then, she got her kids to fill the boxes with their toys. Next, she put three of the boxes in the attic. Now, the kids get 'new' toys each season without cluttering the house.
Zack entered into his school talent show. He was going to perform a song. He practiced the song for a whole month. Then, it was time to perform. He did a good job and almost won.
John wanted to get stronger and more manly. He took a job as a laborer on a large construction site. He learned many skills, becoming adept at using tools and equipment. John decided to start his own construction firm. He now owns the firm scheduled to finish the new World Trade Center!
Devon was shopping at the mall. She had found herself in the corner of a big antique store. Suddenly, she saw all of the lights go out. Somehow she had been missed while the mall closed. Devon had to call 911 to get someone to open the doors.
James was trying to kick the ball in the goal. He ran to the right although he kicked the ball to the right. I tried to block the attack but it landed between my legs. I fell on the ground in pain. James helped me get up afterwards.
Shawn and Maya began dating in high school. He was 1 year older than Maya and she graduated in 92. They were so in love and wanted to get married as soon as possible. So when Maya graduated from high school Shawn proposed. Maya said yes and they married in 2000 and are still in love in 2016.
James is an avid bicyclist. He normally rode to work everyday. One day, he woke up to find his bike was missing. He searched everywhere, but had to conclude that is had been stolen. James was depressed as he rode the subway to work.
Ryan met his best friend Sam while playing a game online. Ryan and Sam had a lot in common, so they started hanging out a lot. Eventually, Ryan decided he wanted to meet Sam in real life. Ryan talked to Sam about it and they agreed to meet up. Ryan flew into Chicago and Sam picked him up from the airport.
Tina was pulled over. At first she freaked out. It never happened to her before. But she was pulled over because the cop thought she was cute. Tina was relieved.
Daniel had always thought he was too short to get a girlfriend. One day his friend Tyler invited him to a party. At the party he met a girl named Courtney. She liked him and she did not notice he was short. Daniel was surprised and excited that he had a girlfriend.
It was time for Pepsi to make a new flavor. The managers and CEO could not decide what flavor. So, they asked people on the street what they would want. Almost everyone said vanilla! The next day Pepsi started to create a vanilla flavored pop.
Bill recently applied for a new mortgage. Bill was told he would receive an answer via email. It had almost been two weeks, when finally got an email. Bill was nervous, but opened the email anyway. Bill was excited to find out that he was approved for a mortgage.
Karen enjoyed shopping. Karen saw someone shove a shirt into their purse, while shopping. Karen reported the person to the store's security guard. The guard took the person aside before they could leave the store. Karen avoids that store now.
David worked at a sushi restaurant. But he never thought of becoming a chef. One day, the chef asking him to help make sushi. And then, David practiced making sushi with him everyday. Several years later, David was good enough to become a sushi chef.
We had new neighbors in 1996. It was a family of four - two parents and kids. One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot. The father said he fixed dents, and fixed her car for free. We were grateful.
Joseph loved deers a lot. He loved them more than any other wild animal. One day, he decided he would see one in real life. He traveled very far to get to the wild. Finally, Joseph was able to see a baby deer and her mother.
Francine opened a franchise taco hut in her city. The taco market there was over-saturated. Francine saw low sales figures. She tried a social marketing campaign to improve her sales. The campaign was successful and the competing taco shops closed.
Rico was looking up smoothies for weight-loss. He found one but it needed papaya which was rare in his small town. He called all the grocery stores in the area until he found some. He went to buy some but it was expensive. Rico decided to buy since he wanted to lose weight.
A couple's internet went out. They called the cable company. They sent someone to fix it. It took the repairman forever. The couple complained.
Tom wanted to buy some furniture. He didn't have enough money to get new stuff. He looked on craigslist instead. Tom was able to find several pieces at affordable prices. The transactions all went smoothly.
I went with a friend to a concert. It was three dollars to get in. My friend wanted ice cream. I asked if you could come back. They joked that you had to pay another three dollars.
Reno wanted to print a comic book series. He had 3 series written up but just needed the money to print them. So he started a gofundme account. His goal was $10,000 and it was met. Reno was able to successfully print his comic book series!
Lizzie was getting ready for the dance. She had just finished doing her hair. She now needed to do her make up. She went to start her car. It wouldn't start!
Sarah wanted to learn how to rock climb. She went to her local gym for lessons. Sarah fell down many times the first time she tried. She eventually got the hang of it. She was able to climb all the way to the top of the wall at her gym.
Chase was at a big convention for internet celebrities. He saw his favorite vlog maker right away. He approached him but at first couldn't get his attention. At the last second Chase yelled hello. Luckily, the man stopped and had a quick chat with Chase.
I partied all day and all of the night. I got so inebriated that I couldn't feel my face. Because of it I lost my job and my friends. That just made me want to drink more. I stopped denying I had a problem and enrolled into a facility.
Stacy had worked hard at school her entire life. Today was graduation day. She was excited to begin her working career. As she accepted her diploma her family cheered. Stacy was now only weeks away from starting here dream job.
Jim had been feeling down lately. His friends convinced him to go out with them. They went to the bars and had a good time. Jim enjoyed his time. It didn't make him much happier, though.
Joe was bored. Joe wanted to go out. Joe call his friends to go out. Joe and his friends went out downtown. Joe had a lot of fun with his friends.
Sarah hated to keep her house clean. She threw a party on Friday night at her house. After the party there was a big mess to clean up. None of her friends stayed to help her. She cleaned the house by herself.
After fighting with her best friend Marsha decided she wanted a dog. She reasoned a dog would be a better friend than any human would be. A dog would be a great listener and would always be loyal. Marsha went to the pound and picked out a cute puppy. Marsha and her new dog we're best friends from that day on.
Emma and Ron had been married for five years. It was almost their fifth Thanksgiving together. She hadn't been able to conceive a baby, but she tried to be grateful. Then, the day before Thanksgiving, her doctor gave her great news. She was pregnant fleury her first child!
Gina hadn't seen her nemesis Jane in over a month. Her friend Ruth started coming around again the same time. Gina suspected Ruth and Jane were no longer friends. She found out from her friend Ann that Jane now lived with her mom. Ruth was only coming around because her friend Jane was gone.
I spilled grape juice all over my keyboard. I ended up having to buy a new one. I spilled water on that one as well. Someone told me they used a sippy cup. I found a large one and ordered it.
Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close. He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him. Bo ran from his friend to keep the money secret. The friend ran after Bo. Bo turned around a knocked out his friend and ran away.
Cathy was on a diet. Her husband bought sweets and sat them on the table. She walked past them. She stopped and turned around. She fell to temptation of the sweets and ate them.
Kelly wanted to know why her boyfriend Kevin dumped her. She needed that closure. She decided to drive up to his house to find out. She rang the bell. There was shock on her face when a woman answered the door.
Olivia wanted to wear her princess dress to school. Her mother refused to allow her to wear it. Olivia hide her princess dress in her backpack. During playtime she changed into the princess dress. Her mother was angry at her for disobeying.
Gloria really wanted a camera as her high school graduation present. Her parents thought it was too expensive, but they bought her one. Gloria loved the camera and quickly learned how to use it. She soon entered a photography contest and won first place. Gloria is now a professional photographer.
Tammy is a lawyer. She enjoys helping people and earning money. A poor client asks her to take her case. She says no. Tammy felt bad for her and helped her anyway.
Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.
Omar and his friends decided to have a food challenge. They tried to eat as many cinnamon rolls as they could. Omar continued to eat after everyone else gave up. But he had a serious headache and couldn't stop throwing up later. Omar's food challenge made him end up in the hospital.
There was a strange odor coming from my bedroom. I couldn't figure out where it came from. At first I thought something died in the air vents. I checked the vents and found nothing. I finally realized it was an overflowing trash can that smelled.
Tim's entire family was going on vacation to Hawaii. This included his aunts, uncles and all of his cousins. Their flight was scheduled for 8 o'clock in the morning. Getting all those people ready for the shuttle at 5am was tricky. But somehow they made it there with plenty of time to spare.
Tina was bowling one night. She was losing the game! But then she got three strikes in a row. When the scores were tallied, Tina was shocked. Those three strikes had made her win the game!
The birds always loved to roost near the house. Jane would look out at the windows with wonder. She always loved birds as long as she could remember. She took out her sketchpad and started drawing. She finished her masterpiece and put it on the fridge.
Payton was dating Nathan. Nathan was a jerk. He was always cheating. She really loved his brother. She dumped him and was very happy.
The cats were locked in a large kennel in the back of the car. They traveled for twelve hours. Jeffy the cat hissed a lot at the other two in the kennel. They were let out of the kennel when they got to their new house. After a couple of days hiding the cats settled in.
Joe loved being active. He climbed trees and jumped fences. His parents thought he was too crazy. He always needed to move. So when he grew up he decided to become a football player.
Maurice's boyfriend cooked her a pasta dinner. It was the first meal he had cooked for her. She took a bite of it and spit it in her napkin. It was disgusting. Luckily he was not offended, and they both laughed it off.
The friends drove to fast. They flipped their car. It landed in a river. One friend got hurt. The other friend felt responsible.
Coach Bill was going to win the State Championship for his boys. They made it to the final game. However, the final game would be their greatest challenge. Coach Bill gathered his players and encouraged them to play hard. With help from their coach, the boys won.
Lucy had a lot of things she never used. Her kids convinced her to put up a garage sale. Lucy reluctantly agreed. A lot of things were sold and she made good money. Lucy also had more space available.
Last Sunday on my way to church I got a flat tire. I called my friend and asked if he could come and pick me up. He said yes and picked me up. We went to church together. After church he took me back to my care and helped me fix my tire.
Jim is a big baseball fan and bought tickets to tonight's game. Jim went with his 8-year-old son. He bought concessions and went to his seat. Jim watched his team win the game in the 9th inning. Jim went home with his son happy that they won.
Kenzie was trying to pick up her son's prescription. They told her that his insurance was invalid. She had to call her husband to get some information. The pharmacists went through their computer trying to figure it out. Finally, they realized that it was a computer error.
Jim loved to watch wrestling on TV. He decided to try out for his school's wrestling team. But the team was nothing like the wrestling he saw on TV! Jim decided wrestling was not for him after all. He decided he preferred to just watch it on TV!
Tina wanted to go swimming. It was snowing outside. She started pouting. Her friend suggested they go to an indoor pool. Tina perked up and spent the day happily swimming.
Jason was fresh out of college and needed a job. He saw in the paper an ad for a vallet. He called and took the job. His first day on the job was nerve racking, but he liked it. Jason was a great vallet.
Sierra has been with her company for 5 long years. She has been a great worker since the very first day. This morning, the President asked her into his office. He told Sierra she was going to get a promotion and a big raise! Sierra was walking on clouds the rest of the day with the good news.
Jim had planned to go fishing this weekend alone. By mistake he mentioned his plans to a friend. This friend wanted to tag along with Jim on the fishing trip. Jim agreed and this friend told another friend about the trip. Jim ended up with two extra fishing buddies that he hadn't planned.
My cousin has a pet bird. It knows a lot of tricks and can say a few words. Every time I go over he is excited to show me. This last week he learned a new week. I enjoyed watching him show it to me.
Jamie was proud of her work. She had knit a beautiful blanket! It was going to be a donation for the senior center. She knew the seniors would love it. She drove to the church and gave it to the director.
In college, Jeremy double majored in math and physics. After graduation, he realized he had no idea what he wanted to do. He finally decided to join the National Guard. He went away to boot camp and officer training camp. Now he has a career he loves as a military officer.
Susan went on a bike ride with a friend. She was having a wonderful time on the ride. Susan went too fast around a corner on her bike. Susan fell off her bike. She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm.
College football started last weekend. There were several games that saw top-10 teams lose. One of those games was Notre Dame versus Texas. Texas won the game in double overtime. Football is back!
Gina went to the store and got ice cream for herself. When she got home her mom was mad she didn't get some for everyone. She handed Gina some money and sent her back to the store Gina bought a gallon of ice cream and ran back home. She was afraid it would melt in the heat if she walked.
I was watching the game furious. This Referee had no idea what he was doing. He kept making bad calls. I yelled at him. Then he had the nerve to kick me out of the game.
Paul loved to use his computer. He would play games on it as well. One day, his computer would not turn on. This made Paul very sad. Paul had to rush to the store and get his computer repaired.
Out two year old granddaughter Sheila is in a day care. Sheila is a very intelligent, but tough child. One day another child took Sheila's milk. Sheila hit the child on her head. Sheila's teacher had a talk with her about hitting others.
One day, Jonah was coloring at the table. He accidently colored off the page and on the table. Jonah was very sad because it was his mother's favorite table. Jonah's mother was not angry. She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away.
Bud the mugger ran down the street looking for a target. He saw a weak person by himself. Bud tacked this person and punched them a bit. He stole their shoes while they were dazed. Without shoes, the victim did not chase after Bud.
Savannah loved cookies of all kinds. She would always eat them whenever she could. One day she found a bakery that specializes in cookies. They had so many different kinds it was hard to choose. Finally after much deliberation she ended up buying fifty cookies.
John had an outstanding football career at Alabama. He played running back and was a top recruit for the NFL. His season statistics were well above average. On draft day, he was nervous about not getting picked. Then, in the second round, he was picked by the New York Giants!
Tim went on a date. Tim and Leslie went to the beach. it was raining and rather cold out. Tim brought a hot toddy to warm them up. Leslie loved the date.
In the weeks leading up to his heart attack, I talked to my father. I thought perhaps he regretted how horrible things had been. He was easier going, more careful about his words. After he died, my mother told me it was just preventing chest pain. He didn't want to get upset in case he had a heart attack.
Tony had a problem. He lost his green ball. He looked everywhere in the house. Tony then checked in the car. He finally found the ball sitting under the seat.
Jerry worked as a waiter at a 3 star restaurant. He served a table of drunk people their food. No one at the table liked the food. Because of this, they were rude and called him names. Jerry's manager kicked them out of the restaurant.
Charlie was craving candy. He took his allowance and went to the candy store. He filled two big bags with various candy. He left the candy store to go back home. Charlie spent the rest of the day eating candy.
Katy always liked cats. She finally got her own last week. She keeps trying to pet it. But the cat keeps scratching her. Even with scratches she still tries to play with it.
I ordered a cake for my son's birthday. He didn't like regular cake. I ordered an ice cream cake from baskin robbins instead. When I picked it up, it had mini ice cream cones on top. We all thought it was adorable and delicious.
She found the necklace in a drawer. She laughed, remembering when she got it. It was a plastic necklace covered in bell clips. The clips had little plastic ornamental figures. Her favorite was the heart filled with glitter.
Saturday night I went to a bar with my friends. The bar was very crowded. I went to the counter to order a drink. Before I could pay for my drink, a stranger bought it for me. I thanked the stranger for the drink and went back to my friends.
Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside. So she decided to catch it. She kept it in a large glass jar. But she felt sad because it was more beautiful outside. She decided to let it free, even if she would never see it again.
Early today, I took the subway home from work. I do not own a car, so the subway is my only option. Normally the rides are pretty uneventful. However, today a random person got up and begin singing holiday songs. It was so awkward I had to get off and take the next train.
My three girlfriends and I went out on the lake in our canoe. A boy that I like saw us and swam out to our boat. I should have expected it when he tipped us over. He swam back to shore leaving us to tip it back up. I should have been mad but it was the best day ever.
Patty went to the deli for some baked chicken. Unfortunately, the deli had sold all the chicken before she arrived. Patty was irritated, but she decided to buy some baked salmon instead. This turned out to be a fortuitous choice. Patty discovered the deli's salmon was delicious.
I decided to powerwash my driveway. I rented a powerwash from a company. Alas, it broke within minutes. I asked for a refund and they refused. I decided to sue them and I won.
My mom had Alzheimer's when she was 80. One day she hid a lot of cash in the apartment. My father found cash stashed under the bed and sofa. My mom did not even remember doing it. She had to go to a nursing home and died quickly thereafter.
Beth was very poor. She barely had enough money to feed herself. One evening while walking in the street she sees a box. She rushes over to see what's inside. Beth finds enough money to last her a lifetime.
Susie was taking a test at school. But all the sudden the fire alarm went off. Everyone had to be evacuated. They were outside for about an hour. Then they were allowed back in.
Jane like to rollerblade. She took out her blades and put them on her feet. It was a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok. Her mom agreed that Jane only stay outside for a few minutes. Jane went outside and rolled around the block.
Tom's phone was on low battery. Tom was on the bus. He needed a charger now. He ran to the bus driver for help. The bus driver let him charge his phone with a car charger.
Joel was very stingy with his money. And he always feared he would need to use it for an emergency. He never took vacations or bought things for himself. But he kept on saving money. He felt regretful for never spending more after he retired.
Goldfish always seem to die quickly. That's what I told Paige. She still bought them. They died two days later. She hasn't bought anymore.
Ted had mounting piles of bills to pay. He started a second job just to be able to get by. He worked on weekdays for his primary job. On weekends, he worked as as uber driver. After two months, Ted finally had a handle on his bills.
Fred went to a class early in the morning. Instead of studying, he went to a doctor's appointment. Several people at the appointment talked to him. As a result, he came home late. He spent all night catching up on homework assignments.
Jody woke up to bird songs every day. There was a nest full of them in the nearest tree. She'd sing with them happily while cooking her breakfast. But when the town cut the tree down, she stopped. To sing again, she bought birds so they could make her happy again.
Tia was grounded. But she really wanted to attend a party that night! She snuck out her bedroom window and went to the party. But when she returned home, her mom was waiting up for her. Tia had her cell phone taken away as punishment.
All Annie wanted for Christmas was a little puppy all her own. On Christmas morning she opened all her presents, but no puppy. After Christmas dinner Annie's parents took her out on a sled ride. They walked to a neighbor's house and went in to visit. Inside was a sweet little puppy with a big red bow waiting for Annie!
There was an unpleasant smell in the house. I didn't know where it was coming from. I looked everywhere in the house except my room. Finally, I went inside my room and the smell gotten worse. It seems my shoes was the cause of the smell.
Johnson and his friends are going to a concert together. They have been excited to go since they got their tickets. They got to their area in the huge crowd. The performer came on stage. Johnson and his friends had a fun night.
Lucy was on the porch watching the cars drive by. A car pulled into the driveway next door. It was the neighbors granddaughter. She'd come to stay with her grandparents for the weekend. Lucy was elated to finally have someone to play with.
Jake had some competition. He was trying out for the baseball team. Suddenly, all of his friends wanted to try out too. He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day. When tryouts came, he blew them all away.
Anna whined a lot. Her family told her it was very annoying. Ana decided to try to stop whining so much. She consciously paid attention to her whining urges. Soon she had stopped whining, and her family was very happy!
Apple's parents were both famous. She did not like growing up in the limelight. As a result, she decided to choose a different career. Apple went to school to become a teacher. Her students thought her name was very fitting for the job.
Simon wanted to watch his favorite show. He tried to access it through On Demand. The TV kept returning an error message. He asked his mom to call the cable company's customer service number. After a short phone call, the cable company fixed the problem.
Wendy was on her computer one night. She started to hear a weird sound in her hallway. An investigation revealed no possible source for the sound. Still, all night the sound persisted. Wendy concluded that it must have been a ghost.
Andy watched Star Trek with his brother Finn. As they watched, Andy said he wanted to be an astronaut. Finn laughed and said that was never going to happen. Andy didn't mind. He knew one day he would prove his brother wrong.
Amanda decided she wanted to grill some asparagus. She preheated her grill. Then she lightly coated the asparagus spears with olive oil. She grilled them over high heat. Then she ate her asparagus.
My new dog has been terrible lately. We enrolled him in training school last week. The teacher there expelled him the second day. We can't find any other places that will help. They all keep saying that he's actually an alligator.
I ordered a breakfast burrito from a leading national fast food chain. I bit into it with the eagerness borne of desperate hunger. The middle of my burrito was cold! I sat on it until it warmed up. I was able to eat it when it was at least lukewarm and not cold.
I was in orchestra in middle school. The instrument I played was the violin. I needed to practice, so I always played at home. This would annoy my parents all the time. They eventually made me stop which caused me to get worse.
Amy was sure a ghost was haunting her. Every night she heard strange noises on her window. The tapping terrified her! But finally she found enough nerve to check on the noise. Relieved, she saw it was just a tree branch swaying nearby!
John wanted to buy a racing wheel for his computer. But he did not want to buy something too expensive. So he settled on a cheap one. But it provided a poor racing experience. John returned it for a more expensive racing wheel.
Gina hadn't wanted to tell Rita why she was upset. She worried if Rita knew she would tell their other friend Mary. And since she was upset with Mary she wanted to keep it secret. But Gina had told Rita after she kept asking. Now she was regretting sharing anything with Rita.
We had trouble displaying our Christmas cards last year. We tried taping them to the wall. They fell off. We bought glue tabs but they did not work. This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door.
My friend was arrested on a warrant. He gave the officer a false name. The guy who the warrant was for had only one arm. At the jail they realized he has both his arms. He was cited for providing false information to an officer.
The students lined up in their graduation caps. They entered the gym as Pomp and Circumstance played. They assembled in a line beside the stage. The principal called out the students' names. Each child received their diploma and shook the principal's hand.
Janet tripped during her physical education class. However, she decided to continue jogging. After she stopped, the teacher called her. He asked if she noticed her leg. When she looked down, it was bleeding.
My neighbor has the flu. I offered to take his dog, Sam, for a walk. Sam lunged at a squirrel and the leash broke. I chased Sam for an hour before sitting on the ground to cry. Sam came back immediately and started licking my face.
Em and Mick were having issues. They had been married twenty years but felt less spark. They decided to try couples therapy. They were a bit hesitant but went through with it. All it did was cause more problems and lead to a divorce.
Jay threw his bowling ball down the lane and waited. His ball did not seem to be coming up the ball return. The other players told Jay not to worry about it. The next player threw a gutterball to see if that would fix it. Moments later both balls came rolling through the ball return.
Tom and Mary decided to ride the 4-wheeler out to cut a Christmas Tree. They drove deep into the woods and found the perfect 7' tree. They easily hooked it to the bike and started towing it home. Unfortunately, the 4-wheeler ran out of gas half way home. Tom and Mary had to carry the tree all the way back.
A past due notice arrived in the mail, but Bill ignored it. The phone rang soon after the mail came, but he didn't answer it. Bill's brother visited, and told Bill he'd better deal with problems. Bill gave in and visited a bankruptcy attorney. With bankruptcy proceedings underway, Bill felt relieved.
The yard is filled with weeds because I'm terrified of snakes. I refused to mow the grass last week, because I was so afraid. I ended up calling several lawn care services to do the job for me. All of them wanted a lot of money up front. I finally found a friend's kid who mowed the lawn for $20.
Alex really wanted to see Paris. Her parents told her it wasn't feasible with their finances. She begged and pleaded with them. Finally, the reached a compromise. They would go, if she could earn the money for the trip.
We went to the zoo in Naples. They had Giraffe you could feed there. We paid the three dollars and got pieces of lettuce. We stuck it out and the giraffes ate it. We had so much fun and would love to go back.
Kristy was going to a new part of town today to run errands. She was using her smartphone for directions. When she was heading back she was stopped by a guy in a pickup. The guy asked if he call someone because his phone died. Then he snatched it out of her hands and drove off with her phone.
Harry had a red ball. He liked to bounce it and he did. He spent thirty minutes bouncing the ball on the kitchen floor. His mother came over to him and had a smile on her face. Harry continued to bounce the ball.
Bob decided to build a new shed. He worked all day, and was almost done. Suddenly, he stepped on a nail and it went through his boot. Upset, Bob couldn't work anymore. His son finished the shed the next week, as a surprise.
I was a Boston Whalers fan. I loved the fact that there was a new hockey league. Some Bruins fans liked the Whalers because Teddy Green was a Whaler. Sadly, the Whalers lost money and left Boston. I saw their last game at the Boston Garden.
Paula was 26 years old when her sister died. Her sister had 4 kids and the father was not around. No one was able to take the kids in. Paula stepped up and adopted the kids. She did a great job and raised 4 happy kids.
Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids. One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children. She quickly identified that Timmy was the one missing. Laura searched the playground knowing she had seen Timmy that morning. There was Timmy in the sandbox playing with a stray cat he had found!
Bill was tired of being monolingual like everyone else he knew. He decided one morning to download a program online to learn Spanish. After studying for several months he finally felt confident enough. Then he finally decided he felt good enough to have a conversation. He asked his neighbor Monica out on a date in Spanish.
Ray strung up the Christmas lights on his tree. When he went to plug them in, nothing happened. Ray began to test each bulb in the strand. Halfway through he found a dud. When he replaced the dud, the entire strand began to light up.
Sarah was a detective. Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman. She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect. Sarah brought the suspect in for questioning. He confessed to the crime and is awaiting trial.
John thought it would be fun to play with some geese. He got too close. He realized they wanted to attack him. He tried to run away. Unfortunately he was caught and pecked.
Ted had been dating his current girlfriend for five years. He knew she was the love of his life, and decided to propose. He saved for months for a ring, and obtained a beautiful diamond one. He proposed to Amy over dinner at their favorite restaurant. She said yes, and they're now happily planning their wedding.
5 year old Adam had lunch with his mom and grandma. His grandma ruffled his hair. She told Adam's mom that she preferred his hair long. Adam's mom smiled tightly. The very next day, Adam got a haircut.
It was Mary's birthday. None of her friends had even wished her birthday greetings. Mary walked home after school sad that no one remembered her birthday. She opened the door to her home and there was cheering and balloons. Her friends did remember!
George just graduated college. He was very scared about getting a job. He prepared for his interview by practicing with his friend. All of his practice made him feel more prepared. He went to the interview and got the job.
Roy was talking to his mom on a cell phone. As he was talking, he drove through a tunnel. His cell phone lost reception. Roy's mom thought Roy had hung up on her. She was upset until Roy explained the situation.
Chris could not beat Michael, an older boy, in soccer. He tried very hard but couldn't catch up. So his parents told him to practice and wait. Chris trained and got older. He faced Michael and tied with him.
Kay had been asked out for drinks. But she was watching her weight. She went out anyways. All night, she ordered rum with diet soda. She had a great time and saved tons of calories!
Emily looked in the mirror all the time. She always wanted to make sure she looked her best. Emily was very self conscious. She always had a mirror within arms reach. She eventually made her own mirrors because they meant so much to her.
Jim went to a masked ball. He put on an anonymous mask. He saw a girl with an exceptionally nice body. He went up to her and asked her to dance. After the dance, she removed her mask and she was hideous.
Jack's parents had just retired after working nearly fifty years. They wanted to move to a warmer climate and relax. Because he loved being near them, Jack didn't want his parents to go. Despite how he felt, he wanted his parents to be happy. Jack slowly became depressed after they moved to Florida.
Sophie loved to write. She wrote a lot of books. She decided to write children books. She got a publisher. She made a lot of money.
Jason was excited that today was pool day. He was dressed and standing at the door long before anyone else. He had a big load to carry, but he didn't complain during the walk. Upon arrival they discovered the pool was closed. In a daze, he complained loudly all the way home.
Donna had the flu. Jamie also had the flu. Donna tried all of her mother's herbal remedies. Jamie tried no remedies at all, except for rest. Donna and Jamie got better at the same rate.
Jake was at a wing place. He tried to get the spicy ones. He got a small order to try them out. One wing had him in tears. He liked the flavor but couldn't eat more.
Sam and Eric wanted to move out of their parent's houses. They decided to try to apply for a mortgage. They could not get a decent rate but accepted one anyway. Sam and Eric ended up moving into a condo. They are having trouble making payments.
Camryn would never eat fruit. Her mom really wanted her to eat healthier. She made chocolate covered strawberries. Now Camryn eats fruit all the time. She eats much healthier now.
Brian had always wanted to see elephants up close. He researched the best places to visit the animals. Brian booked a safari trip to Africa. He went on the journey and saw more elephants than he could imagine. Brian was so thrilled to realize his dream.
Susie was not feeling well. She was all stuffed up. So she just decided to take a break. She called in sick. Luckily work let her take it off.
Gary was an accountant. He had worked his job for 20 Years. Gary had always wanted to travel. Gary decided to retire and visit China. Gary began training for his dream job while in China.
Maria found a beautiful lamp in the store. She could not afford it. She decided to see if her friends would loan her money. Nobody had enough money to loan her. She had to get another job to buy it.
My wife had to see a nurse on Tuesday. The nurse was very friendly. First she complimented my wife on her shirt. Then she liked her shoes. I think our nurse is fashion conscious.
Shawn was in his apartment. He had the window open because it was a warm day. Suddenly, someone stuck their hand in the window. It was some kid who thought he was funny. Shawn told him to go away.
Natalie was feeling bored as she couldn't find anything to do. Her mom told her to play on the laptop and go on the internet. Natalie tried that but it did not hold her attention long enough. Soon Natalie was telling her mother she was bored again. Mom told her to go pick up her room then, giving her something to do.
There was a baby on the plane It would not stop crying. Passengers were getting irritated Fortunately, the baby stopped Everyone was happy
The mob was looking for Andy. He trembled in the bathroom stall as they searched for him. A thunderous fart bellowed without warning from nearby. The mobsters made an audible sound of disgust and departed. Andy crept out of the bathroom and lived another day.
I decided to drink whiskey during breakfast. I got drunk. I went to work. My boss realized I was drunk. He kicked me out of the building.
Fred loaded up the washer with his dirty clothes. He opened the lid and lazily poured detergent into the washer. He then went into the kitchen to make a snack. When he walked by the washer, he saw bubbles pouring out of it! He cleaned up the mess and vowed to measure stuff correctly.
Bart and his family had gone on vacation. They were staying in a room at a hotel. The hotel room was full of ants. Bart called the front desk to tell them about the situation. The hotel staff quickly moved Bart and his family to another room.
Jake was out eating lunch. His food took a long time to arrive. Jake asked what the problem was. Jake's waiter responded rudely. Jake spoke to the manager about it.
Yesterday was my birthday. All day, no one mentioned it and I was feeling forgotten. On my drive home, I was in a bad mood. When I got to my house, all the lights were off and no one was home. I opened the door and all my friends and family jumped out - SURPRISE!
Sandra hadn't taken a real vacation in three years. She had been saving money to take a cruise. She finally earned enough time off to go on her trip. All of her plans ended up being cancelled because of a hurricane. Sandra spent her vacation tinkering around her house.
I dropped the flier in the band room. I was supposed to hand them out. I wanted other people to come. I was planning on coming. It was an event at church.
Rick was at the zoo with his dad. He was very curious about the monkeys. Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside. The monkey stopped and let out a shriek. A scared little Rick ran back to daddy.
Vic swallowed a breath mint. His friend complemented the smell. He gave his friend a breath mint. His friend achieved a minty fresh breath as well. They talked in close proximity.
Steve followed the arrow. He found his friend Bill. Bill asked about the arrow. Steve said he saw it. Bill had not made it.
Jill loved to sing but hated performing in public. Her friends planned a night out at a local karaoke bar. Jill was nervous that she wouldn't be able to sing for an audience. She faced her fear by belting out her favorite song. Jill felt proud that she could perform after all.
Barry recently had a good job at the car factory. Due to economic conditions, the company had to lay off employees. Barry was sad to find out that he was going to get laid off. Barry was given a severance package, and his last check. Barry was brokenhearted that he lost his job at the factory.
I wanted to wear a tutu skirt to the race. I logged into an online specialty shop. I found a 4 layer pink tutu. It arrived in the mail a week later. I wore it during the race, and everyone loved it.
I was planning to bring a salad to a potluck. Wanting to be organized, I had made it 2 days before the potluck. I kept the salad in the refrigerator. By the time I brought it to the potluck, the salad looked wilted. Now, I don't make food until a few hours before a potluck.
I met a new guy about a week ago. We've gone out twice and hit it off really well. He dropped me off last night and said he had a test for me. He winked and said he had several oral exams for me to pass. I can't believe he thought that would work.
Kate and some friends were on a road trip. They were arguing over the 4 stops they made in four hours. Kate was the only person who felt they made too many stops. Kate hadn't been driving and couldn't make the decisions about stops. So to fix the issue Kate decided she would be the driver.
Anna was attending her first concert. She was having a great time. Then she ended up in the mosh pit! She was shocked and hurried to get out of it. Anna decided concerts were great - but mosh pits weren't!
Patty loved her food. She ate a lot more than the average person. Her favourite thing was to enter food eating contests. At her last contest, she ate 17 hotdogs in 10 minutes. She now aims to beat the world record.
My teacher was going over yesterday's homework. She's writing the solutions on the board. Afterwards, she started to discuss today's lesson. I was drowsy. I fell asleep in class.
Ben needed some milk for his cereal. He drove to the store to pick some up. Ben grabbed his milk and went to the checkout lane. The cashier rang up his item. Ben realized he had left his wallet at home.
Tony was tired of squinting. He went to an eye doctor to get his eyes checked. The doctor found glasses that would help him. Finally Tony could see! He felt great reading after that.
Tim and May came back to the campsite proudly displaying a trout. They explained to their parents that it had just fell into the canoe. Their parents looked skeptical, but agreed it would taste great fried. May's mom prepared and cooked the trout with onions and butter. The trout did make a delicious camp out dinner.
Greg had always been a little irresponsible. Until one day when he forgot to close the door and the dog got out. He felt very guilty when it was hit by a car. His little brother, Henry cried for days. Greg is now much more careful and responsible in what he does.
Curry learned a new trick on his skateboard. He road to his friends house to show him the trick. Curry could not replicate the trick. His friend laughed at Curry. His friend was impressed when Curry finally did the trick.
Nathan was having a family picnic. He cooked hot dogs and hamburgers on the grill. Then he circulated and made conversation. He was hoping everybody enjoyed themselves. He was very happy when everybody told him they'd had a great time!
Ed and Lee were trying to have a baby. They decided to try in vitro fertilization. Lee had several rounds of painful shots. Two weeks later, they went to the doctor for their results. The doctor informed Lee and Ed that Lee had conceived a child!
Sara needed a new computer. She did not have enough money for one. She had to save all her allowance. Sarah finally had enough money. She was glad she could finally buy a computer.
I visited my sister-in-law in 2013. Her 89 year old husband talked to me at length. He told funny stories about his days as a milkman. Then he told several stories about Jewish people. I found them to be off color and prejudicial, but said nothing.
My favorite director is Ingmar Bergman. Among his films, my favorite is probably The Seventh Seal. I attended a festival of his films. There I met a woman who shared my love for The Seventh Seal. We fell in love over a fateful game of chess.
Olivia was pregnant. She was trying to grocery shop but was beginning to feel sick. She was in the produce section when it got too strong. She quickly abandoned her cart and ran for a restroom. Luckily when she came out, everything was still there.
Jean wanted to find a way to earn extra money. Her cousin worked at the bowling alley. She said they were always short a few people. Jean applied to work at the bowling alley. She started working with her cousin.
Rocky had a pet snake and his name was Albert. Rocky loved to play with Albert everyday and hold him. Albert loved to explore and sometimes Rocky couldn't find him. One day Albert got away and Rocky looked everywhere for him. He finally found Albert under his bed curled up in a box asleep.
My experience as an Uber driver was very interesting. I met all sorts of people in different walks of life. Most riders I transported were very friendly and talkative. There were only a few people that didn't want to conversate. Overall I feel Uber is an excellent way to network with people.
Louisa had been I'll ever since returning from her honeymoon in Asia. She feared the constant vomiting and fatigue meant she was very sick. She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might've contracted. Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease. Louisa wasn't ill after all - she was expecting a baby!
Jeff painted his mailbox bright blue to make it look nice. The next day his neighbor also painted his box the same blue. Jeff stormed over to his house to talk about this injustice. The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak. Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day.
I turned on the fan. It would not work. I saw that it was unplugged. I plugged the fan back in. The fan blew wind in the room.
Yesterday Tim got a new haircut. He thought it looked nice, but his peers did not. When he went to school his friends laughed at him. Tim felt disappointed. But then he remembered his opinion was the only one that mattered.
Tom started a new job. He was very excited about his job. He had to attend training for two weeks. Tom fell asleep during training. Tom was fired.
My son made a paperweight for me when he was six. He used a magic marker on a rock. I thanked him and put it aside for years. I suffered a stroke in 2011 and cannot use my left hand. I use the paperweight often now to hold things down when I write.
Skip was a single man with a good job and lots of friends. Sometimes he felt guilty that he had so much and wanted to give back. He made a visit to the Big Brothers charitable organization. They paired him with an underprivileged boy who needed a role model. Skip and the boy both got a great deal out of their new relationship.
Harold always stood out on the corner playing. Playing music was his passion and he loved sharing it with people. He played so well a small crowd started forming around him. He began singing a song and the crowd started singing it too. It was a magical moment for Harold.
Blaine sent a text to Lisa. His smart phone auto corrected his message. It didn't make any sense to Lisa. She didn't respond. Blaine didn't understand why she ignored him!
Jackson was nervous about a geometry test. He studied days in advance for the test. He was also asked to join a study group that meet the night before. Jackson flew through the questions. He got the best score in the class.
Tom was trying to buy a car. He was unsure about his credit rating. They looked it up for him. It wasn't great but it was good enough to get a decent price. Tom worked harder to improve his score afterward.
Emily had ordered some clothes online. She was really excited for them to arrive because she loved fashion. When the bag arrived she immediately tore it open. She tried on the clothes but sadly none of them fit. She had to send them back and replace them with better fits.
Nessa wanted to sing in the choir. She tried out for her school's choir. She sang her best, but it wasn't very good. She did not make the cut. Nessa was disappointed, but not very surprised.
Jen heard some tweeting. There was a bird in her house! She opened all the doors and windows. She hoped she could shoo it out one of them. The bird just sat on the table and chirped.
Today was the day of the presidential election. Rachel was anxious to learn who would win. She and her husband watched the news all day. Finally, it was time to see who won. To her surprise, it was an unlikely candidate.
Allie loved relaxing. She decided to relax while listening to npr. It was great. She learned a lot. She thought it was amazing.
It was time for Tim to graduate from 5th grade. He knew he was going to miss all of his friends. He decided that he did not want to graduate. His mother had a long talk with him about moving on. Tim reluctantly agreed to graduate from 5th grade.
Jacob has long hair. He wants to get it cut. He heads down to the barber. He has his hair cut. Jacob loves his new hair.
Tom rushed into the bathroom to poop. He didn't realize that there was no toilet paper left. When he finished he had to waddle out to the kitchen. He got napkins and used those to wipe. It was very uncomfortable for Tom.
The other day my beeper failed on me. I put in new batteries, but that didn't seem to fix it. I tried to take it apart, but the screws were too tight. Finally, I took the thing to an electronics store. Turns out I had put the batteries in backward!
Adam is a banker in a small town. He has gone through 2 different wives. They can't handle Adam's secret desire. Once a week Adam dresses in drag as a woman. He heads to Atlanta to have fun and sin.
Lori had a sore throat. She couldn't eat and drink anything. Lori went to the pharmacy. She went looking for sore throat remedies. Lori was able to find throat medicine.
Adam wanted a brand new car. He looked online and found the one he wanted. He got to the dealership and test drove the car. He loved the car and decided to purchase it. Adam was happy with his new car.
Miley's sister needed a kidney transplant. Miley was a match, so she offered to donate hers. She was counseled extensively, but stuck to her decision. After their surgeries, the girls recovered together. Both girls healed and were healthy again in no time!
Luke and his class visited the senior center on Veterans Day. He saw one veteran sitting by himself in the corner. Luke approached the veteran and introduced himself. He asked questions about his life. Luke befriended the veteran and took a photo with him.
The other day I went for a walk in the woods. I came across a bush full of berries. The berries looked tasty so I picked them. I took them back to my place to eat them. They were so tasty.
Tim wanted to be on the football team. However he could not catch. He also couldn't throw. He thought he would never make it. However, the coach decided to let him be the team punter.
The boy was trying to read the words. He couldn't see them clearly. He had to ask to move to the front of the class. When he moved to the front row, the words were still blurry. The teacher told him he needed glasses.
Mary was unsure what to cook for dinner. She asked each of her children what they wanted. Each child named a different food. Mary was unable to make the different meals that they requested. Frustrated, she decided to order a pizza.
Alicia and her husband were parking the car. Another car came and took their spot from the opposite side. Alicia tried to keep her husband calm. He was very upset and told off the person. Alicia was very embarrassed.
My friend Dave's father was into Indian religion. He set up a commune in upstate New York. His daughter married a man who renamed himself Bhishma. A few years later he left the commune and took back his name, Dave. I had read about Bhishma in the Mahabharata and was amused.
Rod had admired a cashier at work, Dotty, for several months. He finally got the courage to ask her out to dinner and a movie. Determined to make the night memorable, he purchased pricy flowers. But when he presented them to her, she immediately sneezed. Dotty was severely allergic to pollen, and sniffled the whole date.
My wife retires this week. She bought a t-shirt from Amazon. Its slogan is "Retired and Loving It". I took a photo of her. She emailed it to her kids with a smiley emoji.
Jenny was an aspiring artist. She went to the local art museum every weekend for inspiration. The last time she was there she was approached by a woman. The woman turned out to be the host of a an upcoming art show. Jenny's art was put on display and she received a lot of praise.
Margaret made a costume for a Halloween party. She worked very hard on it. When she got to the party, she saw someone had made a similar costume. The two started to talk. Now they make costumes together as a hobby.
Susy was afraid she would not make any friends at school. But when she got there she ended up meeting a few. Susy was very happy that she did. It eased much of her initial pain. Susy then decided she was going to be friends forever with them.
The moon in the sky that night was a crescent moon. It was still very bright, even though it was just a sliver. Steve tried to take a picture of it. His camera just wasn't quite able to get a good picture. He decided he might need to get a better camera soon.
Dave was depressed because he was an American living overseas. His dad was stationed in Japan and they did not celebrate halloween. It was his favorite holiday and reminded him of his cousins back home. One day after class he was surprised by his father, He had a costume. They went trick or treating with other Americans and he finally smiled.
Jeff went home to his house and went inside. Jeff was suddenly attacked by two men. The men said that Jeff's wife owed them money. Jeff told the men he didn't have a wife or any money. The men became angry because of this, and ruined Jeff's rug.
Joe had not seen his car in over two months. The car had been shipped across the ocean. Joe took a bus for two hours to pick up his car. He drove the car from the port and got halfway home. The car died on the road and had to be towed the rest of the way.
My grandfather died in a great deal of pain. He laid in bed for months unable to speak. Toward the end he could no longer move. He was falling asleep with his eyes open. We sat by his bed as he passed away.
Peter tried all day to call his wife's phone. His wife never answered any of his calls. She never responded to his texts. Peter drove home to check on his wife. He realized upon arriving that her phone was dead.
Reese stepped up to the diving board nervously. The diving board seemed a lot higher than she thought. She looked down in the water nervously. Eventually she entered a diver's pose and jumped. Instead, Reese fell flat on her belly.
Every girl likes to put on makeup. Every since Eva was 10 she wore lipstick. Her mom took away her lipstick one month. Eva was depressed because of it. So the Kom gave back her lipstick.
Shawn was on a tour of a cheese factory. He followed the guide through the factory. Then, he tried some cheese samples. After that, he took some funny pictures. Finally, he left with a gift from the gift shop.
My daughter started playing softball at eight. Her team was not very good. They lost most of the games. One day my daughter caught a pop up. I cheered wildly.
I climbed into bed, feeling cold. I pulled all the covers over me. In the night, I got too hot. I kicked off the covers. My footie pajamas were enough to keep me warm.
Joseph has always wanted a dog since he was little. For the summer, he was to take care of his grandparent's dog. He was able to play with Rover, their shepherd, on a daily basis. Joseph was upset that he couldn't take Rover home with him. But as the summer ends, Joseph knew next year would return.
Charles was always considered a know it all. He would always want to bet his friends. One day a friend knew Charles was wrong and bet him. Charles reneged on his bet after being proven wrong. His friends starting hanging out with him even less.
My cousin had a dream that my sister was attacking her. When she woke up, she immediately washed her face. Afterwards, she walked towards my sister and slapped her. When my sister woke up from the slap, she was confused. Eventually, my cousin understood that her dream was over.
Walter was worried because his dog was showing a lot of aggression. The dog recently began snapping at other dogs and even people. Walter consulted with his veterinarian. The vet discovered that the dog was suffering a flea infestation. Some medication got rid of the fleas and the dog's bad mood, too.
Susan was excited to plan her first egg hunt in the South. She found it fun to hide the candy filled eggs in green grass. The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started. Soon, kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears. Susan saw that all the candy inside had melted in the sun.
Maria loved ice cream. She ate a big bowl every day. One day, she realized she had put on some weight. Maria knew it was from the ice cream she had been eating. She decided to limit herself to just one bowl of it a week.
Adam was a carpenter. There was a natural disaster in his area. Many people needed to rebuild or fix their homes. People called Adam for help. Adam's business was busy for months.
Tom was taking Jessica out on a date. He was thinking of places to go. He decided on a comedy club. The couple had their date at the comedy club. Tom and Jessica enjoyed the date very much.
Jack knew that Gloria was the perfect woman for him. He went to the jewelry store and purchased a diamond ring. On their next date, he got down on one knee and proposed. Gloria immediately said yes, knowing that Jack was also her soulmate. The two were married just weeks later!
Thea loved eating! She had always been a food connoisseur. After she graduated, she cast about for job prospects. Then she realized she already knew what she wanted to do. Thea got a great job right away - as a food critic!
Mark was never afraid of dogs. One day he was taking a walk. A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg. Mark was severely injured. From then on he became more cautious around dogs.
Tara was born into a very rich family. She grew up not really understanding the value of money. For her 16th birthday, she got a $30,000 watch. She said she hated it and wanted something else instead. Her family didn't question it and bought her a Mercedes Benz instead.
Jonah put his jacket and shoes on. He looked up the weather forecast on his phone. The forecast called for thunderstorms. Johan took off his jacket. He put on a raincoat instead.
Lily lived in a disheveled, old apartment. She decided it was time to buy a house. Lily found the perfect little home in a different town. She spent weeks packing up all of her things. Lily finally said goodbye to the apartment on moving day!
There was only one box left to open Christmas morning. Nelly had asked Santa for a kitten. She opened the box and there was a stuffed cat in it. That was not what she meant when she asked for a kitten. Then her dad walked out from the kitchen holding a real grey kitten.
Amy need more hours at work. Since there were none at her job she decided to quit. When she accepted this job she had an offer from a similar store. Amy called the job hoping the position was still available. To her dismay the position had been filled.
Sam was taking archery classes. He was getting really good. One day he accidentally missed wildly. The arrow bounced and hit someone in the eye. The person lost sight in the eye freaking Sam out.
My phone stopped working overnight. I tried everything to get it functioning again. I took it to the carrier's store. They convinced me to buy a new phone. I ended up going with an upgrade per their suggestions.
Brinley was excited about Easter! She woke up early to hunt for her Easter basket. She checked upstairs, and downstairs, and even in the basement. She then walked outside. Brinley finally found her Easter basket by the tree!
Alexander was in class. He noticed a weird red stain on his backpack. He opened the pockets to investigate. Then he saw that his drink mix had spilled. The red liquid was every where.
The weather forecast said there was a small chance of rain. Diane decided to take that chance. She did not pack a raincoat for her walk. As she was walking, the bottom fell out. When she finally got back home, she was soaked.
As a kid, Gary collected tons of coins. As an adult, Gary decided to take his collection to a coin expert. He asked the expert to give him an appraisal of his collection. Gary learned that one of his coins was worth half a million dollars! Gary sold his collection and moved to the Caribbean.
Erris used to curse out her brother in e-mails. But one evening she learned a hard lesson. She typed her name in Google to see if her facebook showed up. What showed was a link to a page with Erris' e-mails to her brother. He made a website giving her a bad name.
Nancy was in the shower. I filled up a glass of cold water. I snuck into the bathroom and poured the water on her. She screamed and yelled at me. Now I need to remember to lock the door so she doesn't get me back.
Life has handed me ups and downs, and lately I've been fed up. Mostly with work, I'm sick of my boss mistreating me. Today is the day I leave, no two-week notice. I'm going to walk out that door, and never turn back. The time has come, as I open the door and see my boss wide-eyed.
Tyler was going to be travelling out of town. He had tickets to board a train. Tyler was running late. He missed his train. Tyler had to catch the next train.
Cindy and her mom were walking through a park. There was a man selling balloons from a little cart. Cindy begged her mother to have one. Her mother caved in and handed the man a couple dollars. Cindy happily tied the balloon around her wrist.
The young man watched as the bandits entered the cave. They had dug a hole in the ground and were looking for something. He was amazed at what they soon found. It was ancient Spanish cross. He waited until they were gone and followed them, he wanted the cross!
My sister in law tried to deposit a check for her late husband. The check was made out to his estate. The bank refused to deposit the check. She was exasperated. Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate.
Charles didn't want his son to know he was afraid of clowns. They went to a birthday party where a clown was the entertainment. The clown came close to Charles and his son. Charles stood his ground bravely. His son enjoyed the clown, and Charles was proud he faced his fear.
Joe had an old pair of shoes. They were torn up and started smelling bad. Joe felt bad getting rid of them. He had broken them in perfectly. Eventually he accepted that he had to throw them out.
Sue headed out the door to pick up her son after school. As the door shut, she realized her keyring was on the table. Without a key to the car or house, Sue panicked. She tried to climb through the bathroom window to get the keys. Her husband came home to find Sue wedged in the narrow window.
I had just run at a cross country meet. Our coach had said not to push ourselves in the race. I did not like that idea. I did a cartwheel in protest. The next week I ran a personal best.
Barry saw someone in the river. They were hanging onto a power line tower in the water. He swam out to help them. He pulled them to safety. They were too tired to swim back.
Tom bought a new book shelf. He had to put it together himself. It was harder than he expected. He put several parts wrong. Eventually he finished but it didn't look right.
Jeff is moving to Detroit to fix the economy. Once he got there, he promised to turn everything around. One month later, Detroit's unemployment rate was down. People were in the streets cheering for Jeff to be mayor of Detroit. Jeff kept focused, and promised to higher minimum wage by next year.
The teenager went to his car. He got into the car. The car did not start. The teenager looked at the dials. The car was out of gas.
Martha was in the middle of an extremely long hike. She was super tired and getting ready to give up. At this point she was so far in that turning back was useless. She forced herself to trudge through her laziness. When she did finish the hike, she felt thrilled and proud of herself.
My wife had a nice life insurance contract. It was worth millions of dollars. I decided to murder her so I could get the money. Alas, the police arrested me after I murdered her. I was sentenced to prison and the money was given away to charity.
Lila wanted to learn how to sign her name. At first, she couldn't figure it out. Then, she found a really helpful tutorial. After watching it, she learned how to sign her name. Using her new skill, she introduced herself to a deaf girl at school.
Kate wanted to buy a pair of moccasin boots. But they weren't very practical. She realized she couldn't wear them on snowy days. And she felt they were too expensive for an occasional boot. Kate decided to treat herself and buy the boots anyway.
Rey was looking for ways to cheer herself up. She started researching crystal energy products on youtube. She quickly learned that they were pseudoscience and could not help. Still she thought that her birthstone was a lovely color. She ordered a birthstone necklace online and pursued cheer elsewhere.
Mikey was desperately looking for work. His town had a big unemployment problem, though. Then, someone approached him with a job opportunity. He went in for the interview and he nailed it. He was so lucky to get some work.
I waited several minutes in traffic on the way to the game. Several trucks continued to cut across the lane. When I came to the stadium, the game was over. Everyone was walking out to go home. I decided to stay there for an hour before driving home.
I once took a train ride from France to Germany. The trip there took several hours. The food they served us on the train was so tasty. It was so good I asked for seconds, but they didn't give me any. I had a great time riding the train to Germany.
Jon was depressed for many years and hadn't laughed in a long time. He decided to find a way to make himself laugh. He tried to watch funny movies but that didn't work. Then, he decided to laugh for no reason whatsoever. The pointless laugh ended up making him laugh for real.
Sarah's family got a new puppy. They had fun playing with the dog in the house. When it was time for bed, they couldn't find the puppy anywhere. Suddenly they heard a quiet whimper coming from underneath the couch. Sarah laughed at her new puppy's tiny hiding place.
Sally wanted a girly car. Her first car, a big black truck, was very masculine. Then she had an idea. She bought a can of pink spray paint and sprayed it pink. Now her big truck looked much more feminine!
Michael loved his job. He was an office manager for an accountancy firm. He loved his job because it combined two of his favourite things. The first thing was numbers, and the second was bossing people around. Michael was very easy to please.
Kim's favorite probiotic was taken off the market. She had no choice but to look for a replacement. She purchased many different types of probiotics and none worked. Kim spent over $200 in 6 months trying probiotics. She finally gave up and started drinking Kefir.
Jen likes to dye her hair. She wants to dye her hair pink this time. She goes to the store to buy two packs of hair dye. She doesn't see the pink hair dye she was looking for, she buys red. It turns out this hair dye was marked wrong and her hair is pink now.
Tom was on vacation. Him and his wife took several pictures. Unfortunately Tom lost the memory card. Someone else found it and posted it online. Tom was luckily able to get it back.
Tom was meeting his girlfriend's parents for the first time. They invited him over for dinner. Tom was excited to meet them. Unfortunately he found all the food to be disgusting. Tom kept it to himself and had a good time regardless.
Hall had a very lovely cat. One day, he wanted to feed it breakfast. Suddenly, he could not find it. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Finally, he found his cat in the bathroom.
Andy worked in a local retail store, selling high-end clothing. He was never able to afford the products sold there. After 3 mind-numbing years of folding clothing, he loathed his job. His bitterness eventually boiled over and he quit. He unfolded a stack of shirts before happily walking out the store.
Bill was hunting wolves. He had set several traps all around. He also used the proper bait to lure the wolves. He heard the snap of one of his traps in the distance. But it was a rabbit that set one of his traps off.
Josh promised himself he would start a business after college. He needed money right after college so he got a job instead. Ten years later he was still working at a job and was miserable. Josh finally got frustrated and quit his job. With his savings he started a successful ice cream shop.
Kyla realized her book was missing from her backpack. She looked everywhere, but couldn't find it. Suddenly, a boy came up to her to return it. He said he had stolen it, but saw how upset she was and felt bad. Kyla forgave him because she was so happy to have her book back.
Connor had a test on Friday. He hadn't been studying for the test. Connor knew he wouldn't do well on the test. Connor pretended to be sick on Friday to miss school. Connor took the test the next week.
When May's grandson was born, she tried to pass on all her knowledge. She gave her daughter Sadie instructions on how to do everything. Eventually Sadie told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over. May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in. But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own.
Tony was hungry and his stomach growled. He had some leftovers from yesterday. He decided to microwave the food. He left the foil on accidentally. The microwave caught fire and Tony stayed hungry.
Amy was 19 and she needed a job. She applied at places near her house and heard nothing back. She went further out into the suburbs and applied. Finally she heard back from a grocery store in the suburbs. It was further than she liked, but Amy was happy to have a job.
Betty was excited to participate in her first science fair. She went home to get started on the project. Betty's mom was proud that she didn't ask for any help. On the day of the fair, Betty proudly brought her project to class. It suddenly looked pitiful next to the other expert looking projects.
Jason just needed a job. He didn't care where it was or what he did. He applied to The Green Company. In the interview he was asked how he felt about climate change? He said he hoped the weather got better soon and was not hired.
I played in a very important basketball game in high school. It was the state championships. I was very nervous before the game. Every one told me not to worry about it. We ended up winning the game!
Henry pulled out the smoker and got the charcoal ready. The brisket had been cornered and now he retrieved it from the fridge. He put the brisket on the side as he lit the wood and charcoal. Tenderly he placed the brisket on the top shelf of the smoker. After setting the temperature too low, he daydreamed about the brisket.
Ronnie's kitchen sink was broken. He couldn't do the dishes in the sink. He had to do them in the bathtub. He fixed his kitchen sink. He can now do them in his kitchen sink.
Our dogs are a very important part of our family. The kids adore them and the adults have very special bonds with them. Usually, their days consist of plenty of treats, food and love. Occasionally, they get to spend extra time outside on nice days. At bedtime, they love to snuggle with their favorite human.
Rose got a fast food hamburger. On her receipt was a survey invitation. She went online and took the survey. In return, they gave her a discount code. Rose's next hamburger was free!
Joe kept getting things delivered that he wanted but never ordered. He would often pay for them because they were things he liked. He couldn't understand how this was happening. One day while painting he discovered a bug placed by a retail company. He kept it there because it was easier than searching online!
Craig was having a small party. His fat friend didn't find a place to sit. He wound up finding a chair tucked in a faraway corner. He sat on it and fell right to the floor and was embarrassed. Craig tried to explain that the chair was broken to begin with.
Sarah needed a new sponge to clean the bathroom. She went to the store to buy a sponge. Sarah found a yellow sponge that had a lifetime warranty. She bought it and went home to use it. The sponge fell apart immediately and she regretted her purchase.
Carlos has always wanted to use his woodworking skills. He decides to build a table for a friend's birthday present. He works very hard making the table strong and good looking. When he is finished he gives the table to his friend. Carlos feels glad to finally be using his woodworking skills.
I took my son to the zoo. He likes to see the Giraffe's. I thought it would be fun for him to feed a Giraffe. He approached the Giraffe with food in his hand. The Giraffe stuck out his gross tongue and my son screamed!
Lenny was a fan of football. He had even placed a bet on his favorite team. Him and his friends were watching the game, completely enraptured. Then, Lenny's team won and he won a lot of money. Ultimately, the bet was worth the amount they've made.
Joey loved his new teacher. He went out of his way to be helpful to the teacher. Joey heard a boy call him the teacher's pet. He went home and asked his dad what that meant. Back at school, Joey stopped helping the teacher.
Once a little girl got a puppy for Christmas. It was hidden inside a big red box. When she opened it she was very surprised! One day the puppy went missing. They found it in the big red box after all!
Beth told her mother that she felt stuffed up. Her mother was greatly troubled at this. She called Beth's school and told them Beth could not attend. She employed all of the herbal remedies she had been given as a child. Beth recovered in the average time it takes for a cold to subside.
Miranda was cooking dinner. She opened a can of corn. She sliced her hand open on the lid. Miranda cried and threw the can in the garbage. Miranda needed to go get stitches!
Joe has a history test. He has studied all week. However, he still did not feel ready. Joe got to his test and took it. He did much better than he thought.
Ray worked in the fashion industry. Every season, he needs a new suit to keep up with style. Last autumn, Ray tried a suit that was radical looking. He knew it was a risk to wear it in his industry. The risk paid off, and Ray started a new trend altogether.
Kate and 3 friends were going on a road trip. Things had started off rocky. But now it was time to leave. Kate started to get excited about the trip. Until they hit rush hour traffic and were stuck for two hours.
The girls were all playing during recess. One of the girls began drawing a hopscotch court. She made all of the boxes with the numbers. The other girls came over to play. They had a great time playing hopscotch during recess.
Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class. It was her first day in junior high, but she felt comfortable. She sat down in an empty chair. A girl walked in and wanted Amy's chair so she could sit with a friend Amy was embarrassed as she walked across the room to another chair.
Daddy was supposed to be watching the kids. The kids starting playing in the playroom. The kids were playing nicely so daddy let his attention wander. Erin started spraying cream all over the room. Daddy had a big mess to clean up.
Aiden was playing with a friend. They were playing rough in his room. Aiden and his friend broke the window. Aiden's father sent his friend home. Aiden was punished.
Jasper had always wanted to bake a delicious peach pie. He waited until August, when peaches were ripe and perfect. Jasper collected peaches for his pie. His pie came out even better than he had hoped! Jasper was so happy that he baked a peach pie.
Ron bought donuts for his friends at the office. He asked the baker for six glazed and six marbled. The baker decided to give him a extra Boston creme for free. Ron gave the baker a tip for his generosity. The baker refused and winked at Ron.
Mason liked hacking computers. He challenged himself and hacked harder targets every day. One day, he hacked the government by mistake. Afraid for his life, he tried to run away. But he was caught and spent many years afterward in prison.
Liam and Stacy went to the pond to see if they could catch frogs. They didn't have any luck for most of the afternoon so they went back. On the trip back they ran into a friend with a large white bucket. Sure enough, she had caught at least a dozen frogs. Their friend gave them a few frogs to return home with.
Marion liked the boy who lived in the apartment next door. Every day she would try to ask his name but he never looked her way. Finally she got desperate and asked his mom what his name was. His mom smiled and told her that Ron had been wondering her name too. Marion politely gave her name, thanked Ron's mom and went home happy.
I wanted to dig a hole with some friends. We were checking to see if there was gold in the ground. We dug for three hours in my backyard. We ended up finding an old basketball. We decided to forget about digging and play with the ball.
The boy applied to college. He received a letter back from the college. He waited for everybody to get home. He opened the letter in front of his family. Everyone was disappointing that he was not accepted.
When I was young, we didn't have a lot of money, so we ate tacos a lot. They were easy and fun to make and cheap so my parents could afford. Mother said we could eat out friday, if we ate tacos this whole week. On friday my father, told mom he lost his job, we ate tacos for weeks. Now as adults me and my sister with not eat tacos, ever again.
Tom needed more money. He decided to take more overtime at work. He worked long hours every day for weeks. Eventually Tom was able to get caught up on his finances. He was even able to save a bit for the future.
Harry the Greek was a store in the South End of Boston. It was located on Dover Street. Harry was a very grouchy man. I bought my work shoes and caps from Harry. The store went out of business and the area became gentrified.
Ella and her family had pizza for dinner on a Friday night. She put the leftover slices of pizza on the counter. Ella went down to the basement to put laundry in the washer. When she came back the pizza was gone. Their dog had jumped on the counter and ate all of the leftovers!
Lisa worked as a secretary. She decided to quit her job. Her boss was sad but still invited her to the company Christmas party. She decided to go to the party. It was extremely awkward and she regretted going.
In 2012 we visited the NYCTA museum. It is located in an old subway station. We sat in several subway cars. I worked for the MBTA and was thrilled to visit. We left the museum in a great mood.
Joey loved pizza. He went to a pizza buffet with his family. Joey ate eight slices. His mother told him he would be sick. Joey didn't believe his mother until he stayed up sick all night.
Ike found a wallet on the street. It was full of cash! Ike needed money, but he knew he had to do the right thing. He contacted the owner of the wallet. The owner was so happy, he rewarded Ike with $100!
Annie needed $250 to buy herself a cell phone. She was desperate so she broke into her change jar. She had been putting coins in it for the past eight years. She was amazed when she finished counting. There was over $500 in the jar, more than enough for the phone.
Sady got a puppy for Christmas. She stayed with it all during Christmas break. Sady then had to go back to work. The puppy then cried every day. The pup is a sad puppy.
Rod was ironing his clothes. His iron is very old. The iron left a burn mark on his favorite shirt! Rod got very angry. He bought a new iron.
Harry lives in our apartment building. He has a PhD and likes to show off. He stays in the lobby and talks to everyone. He went away to Germany and everyone was happy. Today he came back, much to our dismay.
My dog was trying to climb a tree. He barking ferociously at the base. On his hind legs, he pawed at it over and over. Up high on a limb sat a cat. She didn't know how to get down.
Tim had a job interview. He was very nervous. He was so nervous that he threw up on the table. He cleaned it up in 2 seconds with a napkin. The interviewer was so impressed that Tim got the job.
My son is very small. I put plastic pieces in the wall sockets. My son tried to get one off. He could not get it off. My son was not harmed.
Miranda's favorite doll was her troll. It had crazy pink hair that she liked to brush. She was playing with it one day when the hair fell out! Miranda was sad that her troll was now bald. It just wasn't as fun without the hair.
Julie loved to sing. After high school she moved to New York to study music. She did very well in school and got to perform all over the city. After college she took a job at a music school. She eventually worked her way up to director of the school.
Gill was walking through his yard. There were several small holes. Gill almost fell. He figured he had rodents in his yard. Gill drove to the store to buy poison.
Mary had just moved and was going to a new school. The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers. Her English teacher let her know that she needed to read a book. Mary spent the next two days speed reading the book. On the first day of school, she was ready to participate in the work.
Tibby is the name of our black and white four-year old cat. We adopted Tibby from a shelter for stray cats. We got Tibby to catch mice that were bedevilling our condo. Tibby did not catch a mouse, but we never saw one after we got her. We ended up loving this cat.
Jane worked in sales. Her friends thought she had an easy job. Jane worked her butt off. She was constantly networking. Jane loved her job.
Frank was directing his first play with a small theater group. His sister got wind of it and asked to play a major part. He tried to explain it wouldn't work, as she had no experience. She went to their father, who put pressure on Frank. Opening night, she blew all her lines and Frank was mortified.
Niels had a science test in the morning. He stayed up late playing video games. He forgot to study for the test! He tried his best, but to no avail. Niels failed his test.
Billy visited the pet store to pick out a fish. He chose a colorful fighting fish that required its own bowl. At home, the fish grew dull looking and slow. Billy wished he could get a companion for the fish. Then he put the bowl by the mirror, and the fish perked up.
The wind near my house last night was crazy. It was blowing everything around in my yard. We got a lot of the wind from the hurricane. I did not see any damage though. I did hear there was some damage in other areas.
Chris was sick and tired of being sick and tired. He knew his eating habits were negatively affecting him. He finally told himself, enough is enough. He stopped eating processed foods. He soon felt much better and changed his life for the better.
Kelly and her friends went to a brand new restaurant to test it. They ordered nearly everything off the menu. Doing this was exciting to them. The food was delicious. The girls left the restaurant with full bellies.
John woke up with a fever. The school trip to the mountains was tomorrow. He didn't want to take medication or see a doctor. His mother told him if he wanted to go he needed to see his doctor. John's doctor gave him medication and he was able to go on the trip.
Luther takes a date to the movies. Luther tries to kiss his date. Luther has bad breath. His date leaves the movies. Luther gets left at the movies.
Ted was all alone in his apartment. All he ever did was play the piano. One day, the piano played all by itself. Ted got very scared. Ted ran out of the apartment and never returned.
In a feud between two neighbors, Frank and Earl refused to back down. Earl set fire to Frank's car in an aggressive move. Frank freaked out and called the cops. The police had no evidence and let Earl go. From then on, Frank submitted to Frank's terror.
Howard is a tall pale looking man. His friends tell him he needs to get more sun. Howard agrees to go to the beach to tan with his friends. Howard tans at the beach for hours. Howard gets sunburned but gets his much needed tan.
Anna went for a haircut. The stylist cut her hair too short! Anna hated her new look. But after a few days, she got used to it. Anna decided her new haircut was okay after all.
Gon wanted to win the school volleyball game. He played very aggressively and his team won. Because he was so aggressive, one of the other players got hurt. The other player was very angry and wanted an apology. Gon apologized, but his reputation was tarnished.
Bob was trying to play a video game on his computer. His computer tech friend said his graphics card couldn't play it. Bob was really disappointed to hear he couldn't play the game. His friend thought for awhile and came up with a solution. He suggested Bob try playing his video games on a video game console.
Martin is going to the bar with his friends tonight. They get a table at the bar. They spend the whole night drinking. They flirt with girls until it is time to go home. Martin and his friends had a lot of fun at the bar.
Scott had a very big bed. It was so big that five people could fit. One day, he realized he could buy a smaller bed. Scott rushed to the store to buy a smaller bed. After that, Scott was a lot more comfortable.
Zach is trying to create some new habits. It is very hard, and he can't stick to them everyday. So, instead of doing a lot of habits, he chooses one. Zach is working on his habit of working out everyday. It has been 50 days, and Zach is still working out everyday!
Rhonda was out of tomato paste for her pasta sauce. Rhonda got into her car and drove to the store. The store was also out of tomato paste. Rhonda drove home with salsa instead. Rhonda put salsa in her pasta sauce, and it was gross.
Jake was driving to work. He saw a car on the side of the road. The car had a flat tire. A woman was standing outside the car. Jake helped the woman change her tire.
Khan drove a taxi in Mumbai. One evening, he picked up a beautiful woman. Khan tried to ask her on a date. The woman was creeped out and asked to leave. Khan drove home in dismay.
Tim had not seen his cat for the past few days. Tim picked up his cat to pet it. A bird flew by the window outside. The cat freaked out. Tim ended up with four cuts on his hand.
Kate was visiting her a guy she was dating named Jake at his place. They had only been on two dates. All of a sudden there was a knock on the door and a woman's voice. Kate was upset but contained her anger. They weren't exclusive so she had no right to be angry.
Lucas was thinking of getting a summer job. His brother delivered newspapers. His brother offered him half of his route. Lucas and his brother split the paper route. Lucas was happy with his new job.
Jackie was twelve when her family moved away. She assumed that she would never make any new friends. Jackie would spend most of her day locked inside her bedroom. One day her mother enrolled Jackie in an online pen pal club. She became good friends with another girl her age in the club.
John loved a metal band. He highly anticipated their new album. When it came out it was a different sound entirely. John felt that they sold out. He stopped liking the band.
I went to a Chinese Christian church in Boston from 1968 to 1981. The church rented out space at the Pine Street Inn in Chinatown. In 1976 the church had a chance to buy land in Brighton. We voted on whether or not to leave Chinatown. The church decided to stay, by a narrow margin.
Kate was in a sour mood. Her best friend had just cancelled their movie night. Kate sat and pouted, thinking of what she could do. After a minute, her mood cheered right back up. Kate took out her favorite movie and started watching it.
The telescope was pointed right at Saturn. We could see the rings around it. We could also see amazing details in the moon. Today we saw a shooting star through the telescope. We both wished that we could be astronauts.
The waters were placid and calm when the ferry sank. Hudson was standing on the deck nearest where it hit the log. He saw the gap widen as the wood splintered away. People behind him began to scream and panic. Hudson dived into the river and started swimming for a shore.
Johnny was a race car driver. He loved to go real fast. After becoming the champion at the local track,he set his goals higher. He made it all the way to Indy where he crashed and burned. Now he tries to go real fast in his wheelchair.
There was a great bodybuilder who regularly went to the gym. He loved to show off his big muscles. There was also a skinny guy who wanted some advice on weightlifting. The body builder told him all of his secrets. Six months later, the skinny guy could bench press 200 lbs!
Jennifer doesn't know too much about politics. However, she knew it was very important to vote in the primary. She decided to brush up on her political knowledge online. She read many news articles the day before she voted. She voted on election day and felt good about her choice.
Braeden was on summer vacation. He loved playing with his best friend Elisa. One day she had went to the store with her mom. Braeden went to her house every ten minutes to ask if she was home. Eventually, Elisa's dad told him to stop coming over and checking.
I went to the middle school in my town to vote. The line was out the door when I got there. I stood in line for over three hours. By the time I got to the front, it was too late. My candidate won without my vote, anyway.
My friends and I went swimming at the lake. We decided it would be fun to jump off the dock. My friends and I climbed on top of the roof. My friends jumped, and then it was my turn. When I walked to the ledge, I slipped and fell off.
Ethan read a textbook. He skimmed the important parts. He finished the page he was on. He clicked the scroll bar. He scrolled down to read more.
Judy had a beautiful garden. She planted a dozen flowers. She watered them every day. When they were almost ready to bloom, there was a drought. All of her plants died.
A sob escaped Cory's lips. He hadn't wanted to give a talk at his dad's funeral. He persisted, and made it through the speech he'd prepared. Cory was relieved when it was over. When he got home, he curled into a ball in the corner and cried.
When I chose a laptop for university, I was between an Asus and a Mac. I chose the Asus because it was cheaper but later regretted it. After only nine months the screen stopped working. I took it in for repair and got it back even more broken. I regretted buying the Asus and next time will buy a Mac.
Oliver really loved everything bagels. It seemed many other people did too because they were hard to find. He had to travel to several stores only to find out each was out. He would not settle for a lesser, non-everything bagel. Eventually he found a store that had them so he purchased them all.
Cathy dropped her favorite shirt off to be dry cleaned. Yesterday, Cathy went to pick up her shirt. However, the owner told Cathy they damaged her shirt. Cathy was shocked at the state of her shirt. Cathy was so upset, she vowed to never use that business again.
Susanna loved artichokes. She decided to make some soup with it. She made it, It tasted so good. Susanna was happy to have made it.
My 98 year old friend George carries copies of a book. He self-published a book of poetry and gives it out. I read the book and thought the poems were trite. I told him his poetry probably would not be published by a company. Surprisingly he was not offended, and was pleased by my honesty.
Leanna was the smartest student in her class, nothing was hard. She grew to become a conceited person based on her academical prowess. She loved that many of her friends were jealous of the attention. One day her best friend caught her cheating and told everyone. Her reputation was forever ruined and she wasn't considered smart.
Peter decided to seed a lawn by himself. He bought grass seeds in a garden store. He planted grass seeds. After a week he was surprised no grass appeared. He forgot to water a lawn.
Chad lived in Australia all of his life. One day he mistakenly sent an email to Renee in America. The two started exchanging emails and got to know each other. A few weeks later, Renee traveled to Australia to meet Chad. The couple have been happily married and living in Sydney ever since.
Bob had a healthy head of hair. He decided to put stripes in his hair with hydrogen peroxide. He had dark hair, so the blond stripes would be very apparent. He took a few hours to do it just right. His hair drew a lot of attention when walking through town.
Paul woke up very late. And he realized his alarm clock wasn't working. There was no power in his house. And he was 3 hours late for work. Paul decided to use his cell phone as an alarm afterwards.
Lea was worried to read a rambling email from her elderly mother. She drove straight to her mom's home and saw problems at once. Lea's mom had a fever, wore dirty clothes, coughed, and was confused. Lea took her to the ER where she was diagnosed with acute pneumonia. Both women were grateful Lea acted on intuition, coming to the rescue.
I was doing badly on my tests in my class. My classmate was doing well in the class, so I borrowed her tests. I erased her name and wrote my name on the tests. I went to the teacher and asked to check my scores. Thus, I tricked my teacher into changing my test scores.
Cory spent the day exploring San Francisco. He walked a great deal, all over the city. When he got home that night, he realized he had a terrible blister. The next morning, the blister was much better. Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration.
A chef wanted to become skilled. He went to culinary school. He learned a lot of skills. He had to pass a knife test. He passed!
The man recorded his son on his video camera. His son acted really silly. The man saved the recording. His son got married. The man showed the video at the reception.
Laurel is pregnant. She is very nervous to find out the sex of the baby. Her and her husband already have 3 boys. Laurel plans an ultrasound to find out the baby's sex. She finds out she is having a girl and is very excited and relieved.
Ronnie wants to go to his friend Jake's house to play. However Ronnie is afraid of dogs and Jake's just got a new dog. Ronnie was unsure of how the dog would react to me. Ronnie decided to go see Jake anyways despite his fears. It turns out the dog is super friendly.
Anna was trying to make her first pot of chicken soup. She added her chicken and simmered, then added her veggies. She flavored it and then served it to her family. To her happiness, they all said it was very tasty! Anna was very proud of her first soup effort!
Roku was a bad chess player. He lost almost every game. Roku decided to study chess and become better. Eventually he started to win more games. After a few decades he became a chess grandmaster.
Kourtney wanted to go on a trip to Santa Barbara. It as a trip to celebrate her pregnancy. Her sisters came along with her. The girls had a lot of fun. They had memories to last a lifetime.
Jessica is in a relationship. She wants to end it. She goes to talk to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend has news for her. He dumps her first.
We had to figure out what my nephew would be for Halloween. We went to the store and looked around. We thought about a pirate or a cop. But he finally decided on one of my favorite characters. He decided he wanted to be the mutant Wolverine.
Mark got up early in the morning to go rock climbing. He packed his gear and headed to the park. During his first climb he slipped and fell off the rock. Mark landed on the ground and broke his arm. Mark would have to heal for six weeks before he could climb again.
Kia had lost a leg to bone cancer. It made her very depressed for a while. She wallowed in self-pity. But then she realized she was lucky to be alive. Kia resolved to be grateful and happy for her life.
Tom found a ball at the park. He took the ball home. The ball got popped. He cried about it to his mom. She bought him a new ball the next day.
Jake loved playing football. He was in a game where he got hit hard. He was knocked out. The concussion was bad. His doctor ordered him to stop playing.
Jeremy went to the beach with his friends. They decided to have a sandcastle building contest. Jeremy decided to create a castle with a modern twist. A group of onlookers stood and watched. An impartial judge among them ruled that Jeremy won the contest.
Charles and his friend from college smoked a joint of pot. Next they went to a liquor store. Charles hadn't had a Klondike Bar since he was a kid so he bought one. It was so good, Charles said he empathized with their slogan. Then he sang, what would you do, for a Klondike Bar!
Robert was always nervous when talking with girls. Rob decided he wanted to ask Katie to the prom. Rob spent thirty minutes rehearsing his speech for Katie. Rob finally approached Katie, his heart in his throat. Rob asked her, and Katie said yes!
Derek was working on the flooring. He wore knee pads to make it more comfortable. After a long day, the kneepads were filthy. He hosed them off. They would be ready for the next shift.
Sarah is having a birthday party this month. She wanted to have a circus in her backyard. Sarah's mother told her that a clown would be nice to have. Sarah hated clowns because they were scary. During her birthday, the clown made her feel happy many times.
I ended up going to a sushi restaurant that I've been to before. And I was surprised that the sushi chef there remembered who I was. But as I expected, the sushi wasn't that great. However, everyone there was really nice. I got free sushi too and left in a good mood.
Jack is not happy at his job, or his life. Jack thinks he needs something new that excites him. So, he decides to start a club. This club made Jack free! So Jack quit his job, and moved out, Jack has never been happier.
My friend Kyle works for the Philadelphia Phillies. In 2010, he gave me tickets to a playoff game. Roy Halladay was scheduled to pitch for the Phillies. Amazingly, he ended up throwing a no-hitter. I will remember that game for the rest of my life.
Tim was never invited to parties. He heard about a rave. Several of his friends were going. Tim tried to invite himself. Unfortunately he was shot down.
A thief broke into Jeff's house. He used a small hairpin to unlock the door. Once he stepped in, the alarm went off. Jeff's parents woke up and went downstairs. They only saw a crack in the front window.
Jarred loved to cook. He really loved cooking for people as well. He was cooking for his family tonight. He worked long and hard to make a great meal. Everyone loved it and had seconds.
Andy had a play today. He was playing as Romeo. When he began to play the part, he forgot his line. The crowd booed at him for his mistake. He ran off the stage in embarrassment and never acted again.
Michael started high school in a new town. He missed his old friends and talked to them online. One weekend, his buddy Jared came to stay at his new house. It was nice, but it wasn't like old times anymore. That Monday, Michael started trying to make new friends.
Jean felt unhealthy. She decided to start drinking more water. On the first day she had a very full bladder. Eventually her body adjusted to the water intake. Jean feels much more healthy.
Brenda was always skinny. So she ate whatever she wanted. But she began to develop stomach issues. And she was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome. Brenda regret eating so carelessly her whole life.
Gin used to play with a cat. He was his best friend. One day the little cat ran outside. The poor cat was hit by a car and died. So Gin was very sad for a long time.
Tom was a terrible baseball player. ONe day he got a big chance. Tom hit a homerun. There were two people on base he brought home. It was Tom's greatest moment.
Joey was ten and playing with his mom. He decided to make her pretend tea. He got some hot water from the tap and mixed in the herb. But to his shock, his mom really drank the tea! She said the herb he'd picked was chamomile, a delicious tea!
Doug entered the lunchroom and looked for his friends. He spotted them and walked to their table. Doug sat at the table, greeting his friends. Todd came to the table and tried to shove Doug from the table. Todd and Doug spilled everyone's lunch fighting over the chair.
Oscar had been out of town for several months. He told his friends it was because of a job. Suddenly his sister arrived to tell the truth. She told them all about his time in rehab. Everyone was mad at Oscar for awhile after that.
Lynn and I met at a Chinese restaurant for lunch. She told me she wasn't going to have lunch, though. She had finally found a weight loss center that was effective. Lynn had already lost 15 pounds in three weeks, and she was happy. So we enjoyed our conversation even though I was the only one eating.
Bill had a lot to do before Christmas. There was a lot of items he needed to purchase. Bill made a list on his phone for shopping. When he got to the store his phone died. Bill left missing a lot of items now he only uses pen and paper.
Cliff was watching a movie. The movie was long. It was playing late at night. Cliff continued to watch the movie. Cliff had trouble waking up the next morning.
Jade and her sister set up a lemonade stand in their yard. The next door neighbor bought two glasses of lemonade. The neighbor gave them each one dollar. The girls put their money in a piggy bank. They decided to buy a card game with their money.
Sue had been feeling depressed lately. She needed a new friend. She went to the local animal shelter. She saw a cute kitten that she adored! She adopted the kitten and name it Sir Kitty The Third.
The talent show was going on for a long time. The second to last act left the stage. The last act was up. They did the best. Their group won at the end.
A new doctor was trying on his new lab coat for his first day. There was a bright green spot on his pristine coat. He tried to scrub it out but to no avail. From that day on, he was known as Doctor Spot. He never liked that name.
We went to the mid south fair. We rode on a bunch of the rides. Some of them scared me pretty badly. I hated flipping on the rollercoaster. In the end it was a fun day for all.
Carson had a portable radio. The radio ran on batteries. Carson forgot to turn the radio off one night. The batteries burned out. Carson had to replace the batteries of the radio.
Spencer had a bad dream. He woke up in a cold sweat. He opened up his journal. He wrote down the dream. He went back to sleep.
Kelly wanted the iPhone very badly. The new one was coming out tomorrow. She got everything ready for it. She couldn't believe she was getting it. When it arrived she was so happy.
Jen left early to go stand in line for the big sale. Jen was surprised at how many people were ahead of her. There was a mad rush as the doors were opened. Jen stood back and watched while people were trampled and crushed. Jen browsed the store calmly as the medics aided the other shoppers.
Sarah spent her nights tucked in her bed with a good book. It was the only way she could get to sleep before she started her day. As soon as she woke up, she was off walking her dog, Molly. After a quick breakfast and coffee, she went off to her floral shop. The rest of her day is spent buried in buds and petals until night.
Raul planted a garden in his backyard. He planted carrots, lettuce, and tomatoes. The summer was very dry, however. The tomatoes and the lettuce did not grow well at all. However, his carrots grew very well and tasted delicious.
Jim worked in an office. He walked to the copier to make a copy. It was jammed. Jim stuck his hand inside the machine. He heard a noise, and it chopped his hand clean off.
When I was in High School, I tore a ligament on my collarbone. I wasn't doing anything too strenuous. During football practice, we were doing slow drills. I tripped on a clump of grass and twisted my arm on landing. It twisted my shoulder and tore the ligament that holds the clavicle.
Janelle was cheering loudly. She was at the medieval fair in her town and she was watching a joust. It was silly but a lot of fun. She chanted and clapped her hands. The knight with the blue sword won!
John was a seaman and a fisherman, even as a teenager. When he turned eighteen, he didn't want to go to college. He asked his parents for a loan to buy a house. They said no and forced him to enroll in college. John went to Long Beach State and bought a boat with a student loan.
Iva signed up for a hot dog eating contest. She practiced beforehand. She ate as many hot dogs as she could. On contest day, Iva ate fifteen hot dogs. She won the contest!
Alice and her family were at the beach. But Alice wandered off by herself. She visited food stands and rented a bike. But hours later, Alice's family couldn't find her. Alice had to visit a police station to find her family.
Joey had bought a new CD. He loaned the CD to one of his friends. Joey asked for the CD back. His friend admitted that he had lost it. Joey never loaned his CDs again.
Jill hated the taste of beer. It was all bitter and gross to her. She moved to a city where beer was very popular. She tried it a few more times. Unfortunately her palate never changed.
Kate and her husband had one son. Kate liked to exercise and was very active. Her husband played video games and watched TV all the time. Unfortunately her son was just like his father. She was disappointed her son wasn't more like her.
The baby gurgled and kicked her feet. A slow yawn escaped her lips as she played with her teddybear. She rubbed her eyes, hoping to dispel sleep. Mom switched on the radio and lullabies gently wafted in the room. Within moments, the baby fell into a fitful sleep.
Judy had gym class after lunch. But she wished she had gym class before lunch. One day, Judy threw up during gym class. But teachers refused to change her schedule. Judy no longer ate during lunch time.
Bill got charge one hundred dollars from his cable company. He cancelled it last month so he was shocked at this. He called the cable company right away. They told Bill there was an early termination fee of a hundred bucks. Bill was upset but had to pay it.
Dan loves to play volleyball. He started a league this year at a sports bar. He got sponsors and six teams to participate. Everyone had a great time. Dan hope to get even more people to join next summer.
A large storm arose from seemingly nowhere. The wind knocked many a branch off trees. One branch crashed down on the roof of an office building. The crash punched a hole through the roof surface. Water from the storm now dripped into the building.
The man was hiking alone in the woods. He saw a wolf standing in the distance. He was very afraid. He yelled at the wolf to go away. The animal crept back into the shadows.
I was walking down the street. I suddenly saw a boy crying. I asked him what was wrong. He told me that his balloon floated away. I bought him a new balloon and he was happy.
Sarah always wanted to own her own business. She also loved baking and decorating. She made a facebook page and started taking local cake orders. People loved the taste of her cakes and the decorations. Sarah's facebook business allowed her to purchase a real store.
On the way home we stopped at a small animal rescue. We looked at several bears and tigers in captivity. Their spaces were very small and cramped. I felt sad for the animals. I left wishing the conditions were better for them.
This March, my son-in-law's mother and sister Audrey went to Seattle. His mother was pleased her 25 year old daughter went with her. She thought it was a sign of maturity. My daughter said Audrey just wanted to visit a pot friendly city. I think my daughter was right.
Janice was having the worst day ever. She was driving home from work when she stopped to get gas. Inside she grabbed a few snacks and picked up a lottery ticket. The jackpot was up to 100 million dollars. The next day before work Janice realized she had Won the Jackpot!
Manny's cat seemed to have fleas. He noticed there were bite marks on his body. He decided to take his cat to the vet. The vet recommended giving his cat baths with flea shampoo. Manny's cat hates getting better.
Caroline walked to the store. She saw a new pinball game. She got two dollars worth of quarters. She played the pinball game for an hour. She got her name on the machine for highest score.
My computer broke and I needed to buy a new one. I went to the local electronics store to browse their computers. I tried several computers but none seemed to be what I wanted. After several more attempts I was able to find a computer I liked. I paid for the computer and took it home where I use it everyday.
I had a stroke in 2011. I spent 8 weeks in a rehab. We had group therapy every week. We had to play a game throwing bean bags into a hole. It was a way to test our responsiveness after a stroke.
Aaron was walking. He then sees a house burning. He hears screaming. He called 911 but it was too late. People already died.
Anna and her dad were climbing Mount Fuji together. This was their third climb - they'd done Everest and Kilimanjaro. At first it seemed the heat and humidity would stop them. But they pushed through to the summit. Anna and her dad scaled Mount Fuji together triumphantly!
Easley felt happy excited to go to memaw's house. While there she colored with crayons and markers. She got in trouble for marking on the floor with the marker. Eisley was careful not to color outside of her coloring books anymore. Her memories of memaw's house are always the best!
It was a gloomy day. The rain started pouring from the sky. The kids pulled out their umbrellas and ran for the car. They were soaked! They rushed home to dry off.
A homeless man wandered around town. He has not eaten for two days. He looked through the window of a restaurant. And he saw a family having lunch. He quickly walked in the restaurant and stole from the mother's plate.
Shane's landlord was trying to force him to move out. Shane looked up the laws about evictions online. He learned that this eviction was illegal. He filed a report. Luckily, his landlord backed down.
We started unpacking some old boxes. We found tons of games from the 1980s. Most of them were original Nintendo. We hooked up the machine and started playing. We had a great day reminiscing.
My mother-in-law has terrible taste in clothing. She bought my daughter a hideous dress to wear for her birthday. I kept my mouth shut because I didn't want to offend her. Charlotte put the ugly dress on and began to twirl with delight. Her beautiful smile made the dress suddenly seem perfect.
Mikey delivers newspapers in the morning. He rides his bike through the neighborhood with the papers. He throws them onto people's porches. Today he had to avoid a scary dog that was barking. When he gets home his mother makes him breakfast.
Andy didn't like school. He never did his homework. He didn't get very good grades. He turned in his college application. He was rejected.
Tom heard a joke that made him belly laugh. The next day Tom told the joke during a meeting. No one at the meeting laughed at the joke. All day Tom worried that he made a bad decision. Toward the day's end, Tom heard his boss re-telling the joke!
Nick was playing hide and seek with friends. When his friend began counting, Nick took off. He found a tall tower with a rusty ladder to hide on. He began to climb halfway up the rusty ladder when it snapped. Nick fell over ten feet onto his back but was okay.
Eugene was a drug addict. He tried to quit on his own, but couldn't. Then his mom sent him to rehab. Eugene learned many valuable skills there. Now he is drug free!
I walked out into the backyard. There were lots of weeds by the back fence. I tried to pull a few of them up. Something jabbed me in the finger. I realized I was bleeding from the rose thorn.
Bruce was a very curious boy. He decided in chemistry class that he's make some mixtures. Bruce didn't know what he was doing and added two incompatible fluids. The classroom quickly filled with smoke and the fire alarm went off. Bruce got in a lot of trouble for doing things without permission.
It was that time of year again. We had to put the Christmas tree up. Both of us were excited. We put all the ornaments on. It looked amazing.
Bob was a Christian. He decided to travel to India for vacation. In Varanasi, he discovered hinduism. The philosophy and teachings of hinduism appealed to him. Bob decided to convert to hinduism.
Dan walked outside in his favorite pair of shorts. It was a delightful warm day. Dan went inside to check his email. When he next went outside it was snowing! Dan's bare legs were freezing!
Lisa's first loose tooth hung on for quite a while. She cried when it finally fell out. Her dad told her the tooth fairy makes up for the pain. She hid it under her pillow that night like her dad told her to do. The next morning, a neatly folded $10 bill had taken it's place.
Lisa had a sleepover. Her friends gathered around. All the sudden they were startled. People outside scared them. Lisa then realized it was her brother.
Sam was assigned a project for science. He had week too do it. But he waited till the last minute to do it. Sam worked all night on the project. Sam finished it and got a B minus .
Lana worked as an administrative assistant. One day she opened a file cabinet drawer, only to find a scorpion. She slammed the drawer shut, but she felt faint and nervous. Lana sat down and put her head between her knees, and recovered. Afterwards, she insisted to her boss that they hire an exterminator.
Kia planted a small cherry tomato plant in her yard. She hoped it would grow enough to suit her needs. To her surprise, the plant thrived and grew huge! It produced more than enough tomatoes. Kia even had enough left over to share with her neighbors!
Marc and Jerome were fighting over Jessica on the playground. Marc hit Jerome in the face. Jerome was crying and his face was bleeding. Jessica told them to stop, and she went home with her friend John. Marc and Jerome never got a chance to date Jessica.
The man put on some pants. They were too tight at the waist. He checked the size of the waist. He picked out one size bigger from the rack. Those pants fit better.
Sam was pretending to be a superhero in his house. He put a bag on his head and pretended it was a mask. He looked around for a suitable cape. He reached into a laundry hamper for a towel. He tied it around his neck and it was a cape.
Lucy was lying in her bed. She was sulking. She had been in bed since 2 PM. It was now 10. The hours continued creeping by, but Lucy didn't move.
My kids made Christmas Lists to send to Santa Claus. I forgot to mail them. It was already Christmas Eve and it was too late to mail them. I said we could throw the lists outside and the wind would mail them. I secretly found the lists and destroyed them after they threw them.
Finn's skin looked a little dull. He felt sluggish too. He had not been drinking enough water lately. Finn grabbed a glass. He poured himself a glass of water.
Tina had a birthday party. She was so excited for it. But unfortunately no one showed up. Tina felt so defeated. She realized they were not her real friends.
Mark was eating his favorite dessert. Suddenly he feels a sharp pain. He falls to the floor. He is shaking and crying for help. He gets help and sent to a dentist.
Jeff showed up to school with very messy hair. His teacher handed him a brush and sent him to the bathroom. Jeff brushed his hair for nearly 10 minutes. When he came back the teacher was pleased. She told Jim to hold on to the brush just in case.
He didn't like being called special needs. He told his mother this while using sign language. She told him it only meant he needed things a little different. He nodded, with tears in his eyes. His mother pulled over to give him a hug and tell him she loved him.
When I was thirteen years old. Me and my friends went for a fishing trip. We fished all day. We caught salmon and trout. It was a magnificent sunny day.
When Sam was ten she was the best at hop scotch. She wore a crown to school to show she was the queen. That is until a new girl named Leslie moved to town. She told Sam she was the best and that she would take the crown. After a long battle, Leslie did prove she was the queen at hop scotch.
My friend invited me to a party last week. The party was hours away from my house. After debating it for a while I decided to go. On my way there my car broke down. I missed out on a really great party.
The Hemming family took a trip up in the mountains with their truck. As Josh Hemming was driving he felt something buzzing against his arm. Josh jumped out of the truck and hurriedly took his shirt off. As he shook his shirt out, a bee came buzzing from the sleeve. Josh had escaped this bee encounter without being stung.
Gina was at her grandparents and couldn't find her phone. She retraced her steps and found nothing. She was starting to panic. She tried and tried to calm herself. After an hour her panic was full blown.
I was walking around the city. Suddenly, a man jumped in front of me. He held a gun to my face. He demanded that I give him my purse. I gave him my purse and he spared my life.
Tom has a geography test at the end of the week. He also has a football game. Tom has not studied at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. Tom went to take his test and failed anyway.
Santana dreamed of the perfect wedding. She had it all planned like the queen. It would be solemn and regal. But when she married Jed, they had no money. So they bought candy bars for their guests and it had to do.
Mildred took over the farm when her husband died. She was very old and inexperienced. She hired a farmhand named Mark. He turned the farm around and saved her business. Mildred was so grateful!
Nazareth was shephard in Israel. He saw a wolf in the distance. Nazareth tried to gather his sheep, but they ran. He got out his gun and shot the wolf down. Then he realized it was just his dog Rufus.
Adam had heard that Hulu was a cheap way to watch movies and shows. He called and bought a Hulu subscription. But then he found that he needed an Xbox for Hulu! Adam was disappointed in himself. He should've done more research!
Penelope had a dog named Jack. She spent a lot of time teaching Jack all kinds of tricks. His favorite trick was to jump through consecutive hoops. Penelope decided to take him to a local dog competition. Jack was loved by the crowd and won first place.
Jenny went for a routine check-up at the doctor. An anomaly was discovered, and it turned out to be cancer. The doctor told her chemotherapy was likely her best option. Jenny consented, and the treatment took months. In the end, it was successful and her cancer went into remission.
The kids loved playing games. They went bowling and had a great time. The boys needed the bumpers to keep the ball out of the gutter. The girls each scored over 100. They'd had a great time.
Conrad notices that his city has become very cold this winter. He knows he needs to dress warmer, but he doesn't know what to wear. Finally a friend convinces him to try wearing a scarf to stay warmer. Conrad has never worn one before, but he finds that he loves it. He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather.
Jenny wanted to cook spaghetti. She got out all the ingredients. Then, Jenny started to boil water for the pasta. When the pasta was ready, she added the sauce. She ate the pasta from the pot while watching television.
Jena was trying to get in shape. She wanted to start exercising more. Jena found out that her job offered a gym membership. Jena began to go to the gym. She began to get into shape.
Today I went to the store to buy groceries. I saw one of my old friends from high school. He didn't recognize me at first. I explained who I was and it dawned on him. He exclaims oh yeah, the fat chick from Mr H's class!
Jasmine loved sewing. She decided to learn how to quilt. She cut the squares out carefully. She began to sew them together. It was all coming together well!
Aloysius Gustafson was regarded as the village idiot. He often claimed he was the Emperor of Rome. People laughed at him, and shooed him away. One day, Aloysius died, and a curious mortician sent his DNA away. Upon its return, the DNA revealed that he was related to Nero.
Tom wanted to make a new app. He wanted to make a lot of money. He started selling it online. It got popular fast. He was rich.
Maria's grandma wanted to buy her a new coat. The two went shopping together looking for something perfect. Unfortunately, nothing was quite right. Then Maria spotted a gorgeous purple coat. It fit like a glove and Maria's grandma bought it.
Jim has a very structured workout program to help him achieve goals. Today he was supposed to complete a 1 rep bench press of 315 pounds. He warmed up as best he could and got ready to press the weight up. As he was pushing the weight back up, his shoulder gave him pain. Although his rep was successful, he tore his shoulder in the process.
My parents came from China. My dad did not know about Halloween. One day some kids knocked on his door for candy. He yelled at them and chased them away. He bought candy Year's later when he learned about Halloween.
Jerry tried to move through the traffic. As soon as the light turned red, he made a left turn. As he continued to drive, a cop car followed him. He had to pull his car over. The police officer gave him a ticket with a fine.
Sue liked to fish. She didn't like to bait her pole though. She was afraid of worms. So her dad bought her fake bait. Sue didn't mind baiting her hook anymore.
I went on a camping trip last Summer. I stayed at the campgrounds for two days. The weather was nice and warm. I spent time with friends and family. I am looking forward to my next camping trip.
Susie was sitting on her barstool. She kept kicking the counter with her feet. Suddenly, her kick sent her falling backwards. The chair hit the ground with a thud and broke. Susie hurt her head and was really scared.
Ezra has lived far away from his parents for Years. Although he grew up in New York, he lives in Los Angeles now. However, one year his mother becomes ill. Ezra decides he needs to be closer to his family. He is sad to leave Los Angeles, but happy to be nearby his mother.
Lamont went to the beach with his family. They left the beach and tracked sand into the car. After returning from the beach, Lamont took the car to the car wash. He washed the car, and vacuumed it out. He returned home, and added an air freshener to his clean car.
Tammy was getting ready for work. She had to work overtime today. She couldn't find her work shoes. She had to borrow a pair of work shoes from her mother. Tammy got blisters on her feet because her mom's shoes were too small.
Sam's teacher assigned the class to make dioramas. When he asked for help, his mom said that wouldn't be fair. Sam did his best, but the diorama wasn't perfect. Next to the other expert-looking models, it looked sloppy and simple. Sam got an A because the teacher knew he made it himself.
Ken had an old shirt he loved wearing. It became dingy and stained after a while. His girlfriend wanted him to get rid of it. After a while she decided to throw it away behind his back. Ken found out and broke up with her.
Sue decided to make lasagna for her family. She had never made lasagna before. She bought all the ingredients and followed a recipe. When she was ready to serve it, she dropped the dish. Sue's lasagna was ruined.
Allie had a best friend lisa. They had been friends for a long time. But last night Allie decided to not be friends with her anymore. She found out Lisa kissed her boyfriend. Allie wanted nothing to do with her.
Jen's son hated veggies. She tried to cook them different ways. Jen managed to mix the veggies in with rice. Her son ate them. Jen began to mix the veggies in with other food.
It was Halloween and all of my neighbors are out. I decided to dress up as a pizza. Walking around the neighbor, I came across a neighbor. He was walking his dog. The dog thought I was a real pizza and chased me.
Kerry wanted to be something really scary for Halloween. She put on a pumpkin costume. No one was afraid of her. She went home and put some fake blood on the pumpkin. When Kerry when out again everyone ran away screaming.
I have two children under two years old. My boy wanted to dress like his (slightly) older sister for Halloween. I dressed him in her clothes and a pretty pink headband. Then, I dressed my daughter like a boy with a ball cap. Their father was horrified.
Nicholas was a great actor but had a strange face. Because of that he didn't get hired a lot. As he had a lovely voice, his friends told him to use it instead. He decided to read books and make a living out of it. He was so popular that he soon had enough work to sustain him.
Veronica was primping in the mirror. She had a hot date scheduled. She was meeting him at a fancy restaurant. Veronica put on her fanciest dress. She strutted into the restaurant feeling very confident.
Georgia was a runner. One day she passed out after running. Her parents told her to go to the doctor. So she went to the doctor. The doctor told her she had tachycardia.
Marge was out in the woods looking for birds. She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree. To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it. At the top , Marge took out her binoculars and watched the bird. She excitedly wrote down her find in her bird journal.
Tim got a new cellphone. He inserted his sim card into his phone. He tried to make a call. Tim got no reception on his new cell phone. He returned his phone and was able to get a working one.
James was playing video games on his computer. The game on his computer was running very slow. He realized it was due to his aging computer. James bought a brand new gaming computer from Best Buy. James was able to play his video game without any lag afterwards.
Natalie was going through the line at Starbucks. When she was about to pay, she was told her order was taken care of. She decided to pay it forward as well. Natalie had never experienced kindness like that. She has made it her goal to do acts of kindness every week.
Kelly was very nervous. She was being interviewed for a job. As soon as she got in the room she was bombarded with questions. Kelly's nerves subsided. To her delight she was offered a job.
Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake. But he needed the money for rent. The couple, Marty and Eddie, started fighting in a month. After one fight, the police came and Marty was arrested. In court, Charles didn't know who swung first, so Marty got 6 months.
Eric was excited for summer vacation. He and his family were going to Europe for the summer. when he was in Europe he got really sick. He spent the summer in the hospital. Eric was glad to be healthy and back to school.
Drew walked into the front of his new school. An upperclassmen approached him and tried to take his money. Since Drew refused, they got into a fight. When his mom found out about the fight, she freaked out. She ended up sending Drew to another school.
John really wanted to get out of his small, hick town. John began taking online computer programming courses with MIT. John excelled and really enjoyed learning to write code. John developed several highly successful websites. Now John lives in Silicon Valley and lives a generous life.
Matty raced home from school. Her favorite program was set to start at 4 pm. At 4:01 pm, the television was on. Matty settled on the couch  with her snacks and the remote control. Before long, she was singing along with the characters on the show.
Teddy felt lucky that day. He found two wallets, a watch and a tablet. As he was on parole he didn't want to keep them. He went to his parole officer to give him the objects. The parole officer, who wasn't honest, kept them for himself.
Jenna got a new pair of sunglasses. She was going to the beach later that afternoon. She tanned for a few hours at the beach. Afterwards, she played some volleyball with her friends. She watched the sunset with her friends later that night.
Jane was eating at a fancy restaurant. She noticed a dead fly in her food. Management didn't believe her. They claimed she put it there on purpose. Jane was humiliated and had to pay for the meal.
Miley was on a road trip. She was having a great time driving across the country. Suddenly she heard a loud ticking noise. She pulled over to see what was wrong. Miley called her dad for help with her overheating car.
The librarian had a large cart of books to put away. She brought the books back into the stacks. While she was there, a student asked her for help. She looked all over the library for the book he wanted. After a long search, she found the book on her cart.
One day after school some of my friends were talking to an old friend. I didn't know who she was, so they introduced us. She had gone to grade school with them, but not our high school. That summer she became part of our group, so we hung out a lot. We ended up falling in love and eventually got married.
Tara loved playing chess. She won every game. One day she faced Jill. Jill was so tough that Tara finally lost. Tara surprisingly still had a great time anyway.
My wife is retiring from work next week. Today my son dropped by to say hello. He wanted to see her at work one last time. He stayed for awhile, and chatted with the crew. My wife was pleased.
Jill's neighbors were having a party. And she wanted to impress them anyway she could. So she tried to learn how to cook and brought spaghetti to the party. But hardly anyone touched the spaghetti. And Jill was angry that no one was impressed.
Tiffany has always been afraid of the sound of thunder. Every time it rained she would become nervous and frightened. A coworker noticed her shivering during their lunch break. The coworker had suggested she try counting backwards from 10. When it rained again that week she counted backwards and it worked.
Tom noticed that his porch had become very dusty. He tried convincing his son to sweep it, but his son refused. Finally Tom realized that he needed to sweep the porch himself. He found a broom and swept the porch meticulously. Tom was happy to see the porch wasn't dusty any longer.
Joe and Max both liked Niki, but only she knew this at the party. She made the first move and kissed Joe several times, but no more. Max was sad, so she lied that she didn't want to, but Joe made her. Max vaguely told the whole school that Joe had taken advantage of her. She apologized to Joe, who the school now hated, but told no one else.
The kids dug a big hole. They put a time capsule in it and buried it. They were going to uncover it when they were graduating. They couldn't wait to see how things had changed! They would wait patiently for 10 years.
Jerry was tired of the hot weather in his area. And his house only had one air conditioner that was in another room. He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room. And he settled on a powerful industrial fan. Jerry was happy that it helped his room cool off.
I decided to go to vacation in Florida. I visited an orange farm in Jacksonville. I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges. He picked an orange fresh from the tree! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had.
Ms Shadowmaker took her class on a field trip to a petting zoo. The children loved touching and petting the different animals. Billy, the class rebel, saw a bull frog and picked it up. He rushed to show it to Ms Shadowmaker. Ms Shadowmaker screamed, ran from Billy and fell in a mud hole.
Tim had a dog that was a black lab. Tim's friend was a local dog whisperer. Tim's friend informed him that his dog needed to run more. Tim decided to take up running. Tim began running with the dog and they both began to feel happier.
I was a worker on mturk. I had to do a writing hit. It was difficult. I struggled for days. I eventually got it.
My cousin's younger sister came to a wedding with a man. She was 40 and unmarried, although beautiful. I had assumed she was a lesbian until I saw the man. My kids said he could be a beard, drawing a quizzical look. They explained a beard is a male cover.
Daniel was a hard working employee at his office. He had a few bad habits that would get him in trouble. One day he decided to play a prank on his boss. He spiked his coffee with laxatives. His boss found out and fired him on the spot.
Chris bought a half gallon of chocolate milk. He started drinking some from the carton. He drank more and more while watching Netflix. Before he knew it, he had drank the whole carton. Pretty soon, he started feeling very sick to his stomach.
Tom won a goldfish at the state fair. He took it back home and put it in a bowl. Unfortunately Tom also had a cat. The cat went after the fish almost immediately. It ate it within the first night.
The family was out for a hike. It was snowy and peaceful. They were walking down the path when they saw a moose. He was wandering through the field. They all watched him until he walked out of sight.
My Nana lived in a huge old house. When I was little I used to sleep in the front room. There were lots of Buddha statues in the front room. One night, I had a nightmare and woke up alone and scared. I saw a fat, red Buddha smiling at me and wasn't scared anymore!
Beal begun his assignment as soon as he walked into the class. He immediately completed the answers on the first page. However, he took almost the whole class to complete the second test. The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in. Beal turned everything in, despite not finishing his work.
Pya made a cake for her mom. When it came out of the oven, it looked okay. But it tasted very strange! Then Pya remembered that she had forgotten to add eggs. Pya felt bad that she'd omitted such an important ingredient!
It was David's birthday. His friends all brought him Legos as gifts. He built and build all night long. Soon, he had a masterpiece on the table! He showed it to all of his friends.
I knew we were running low on dishes. My children had broken so many in such a short period. My mother asked what I wanted for Christmas. I told her I wanted new dishes. She gave me a box filled with bright red porcelain plates that year.
Kale and Kim wanted the last soda. There was only one left in the refrigerator. They decided to split it. One would get half in the can the other in a cup. They both thought the other got more.
Jessica wanted to learn a musical instrument. She thought back about all the pieces of music she has ever heard. She always thought the violin was amazing and special. She bought a violin and began taking lessons. She learned how to play beautiful music with the violin.
A man loved fresh bread more than anything. He woke up at 5 am to be first in line at the bakery. The baker let him have his choice of loaves. The man bought one of every type. The man went home and made a lot of toast.
Kate loved playing monopoly. Kate would often play monopoly with her cousins. Kate was so good his cousin told her she should play in a tournament. Kate signed up for it. Kate won the tournament.
It was the first time hanging out with my cousin. We went to an arcade to play a few games. We also decided to take a walk in the park. Although we're not close, she said a lot of things. My impression of her became more positive.
Teddy was driving when he came across a woman on the side of the road. He pulled over and asked if she needed help. Her car had broken down a mile down the road and she needed help. Teddy called his dad who has a tow truck and gave the woman a ride. Teddy felt good about being able to help someone else out.
Every other week Paul cuts his elderly neighbor's grass for free. Usually the elderly neighbor invites him in for sweet tea afterward. This week Paul cut the grass then met the neighbor's daughter. She was from out of town and heard about what Paul had done. She was generous and wrote Paul a check for $20,000.
I decided I wanted awesome presents for my birthday. I told all of my friends that my gifts had to be 200 dollars. I also said if I didn't like the gift, they couldn't be my friend. The day of my party, I eagerly waited for my gifts. After five hours of waiting I realized no one was coming.
Eve wanted a pot bellied pig for a pet. She begged her parents for weeks. Finally they agreed. Eve was so excited! She went to the pet shop the next day to select her new pig pet!
Josie waited and waited. She was in line to buy a hamburger. The line was moving very slowly. Then it was finally her turn. But the cashier said they were now out of hamburgers!
Maureen notices that she is having trouble seeing things far away. She decides that she may need to have an eye test. The doctor tells Maureen that she needs to start wearing glasses. At first she protests, but eventually she concedes to get a glasses. Maureen is happy that she can see well again.
Our cat threw up on our comforter on Monday. She was ok after throwing up. My wife had to work and I am disabled. I was however able to slowly take the comforter to the laundry room. I cleaned the comforter, much to my wife's relief.
Tom bought a new car. He didn't do enough research on them. He had several problems with it right away. There were multiple recalls. Tom wound up swapping it in for something else.
Jenny had never been outside the city at night. She was spending her first night at summer camp. She looked into the sky. She couldn't believe how many stars there were. In the city the lights were too bright so see the stars clearly.
Fred was a pro soccer player. He always did his best. But he found out his wife was pregnant. So naturally he was rather nervous. He ended up losing the game.
Sadie was cleaning her house. She was picking up her children's toys in the living room. Suddenly she tripped on a toy and fell. She felt her ankle twist under her weight and cried. The ankle felt very bad and she had to rest it for a week.
Brittany's parents split up when she was in middle school. Her parents moved to two different places. They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with. It was an impossible decision for her to make. Brittany ended up splitting her time between both homes.
Susy was getting a lot of rain in her area. She thought it would be nothing. But all of the sudden a large tree came crashing down. Suzy screamed. Thankfully she was alright but her car got smashed.
Leah had to have her wisdom teeth out. They gave her lots of drugs to put her out. When she woke up she kept talking about these bananas. She said that bananas were going to rule the world. When the drugs wore off, we kept teasing her for awhile after.
The boy didn't want to go. The dad insisted. The boy got in the car. He was acting grumpy. His dad told him to put a smile on his face.
Harold was making some coffee before work. He put in the milk and sugar. Then he took a sip. Harold was disgusted at the rancid taste. He discovered the milk had gone so bad that it was pouring out chunks.
Matt wanted to go on a school field trip. He needed to get good grades to go. Matt studied hard for a full week in order to ace his tests. All of his scores came back with a perfect grade! Matt had a great time at the school field trip.
Sam bought an acre lot with his little brother Noah. The boys worked hard to cut down dead trees and clean up the property. Once the work was done they listed the land for sale. Amazingly they sold it in just under a week. Sam put his earnings in savings but Noah bought an XBox.
I was swinging my brother. I got in the way right before he would have hit me. I was pushing his feet. Our dog bit my brother in the calf. My parents got rid of the dog.
Pierre was a really tall guy He worked in a place full of short people His manager was having trouble getting a shoe at a top shelf He reached over and got the shoe for her She promoted him to supervisor
I forgot to grab a shirt when I went to the shower. I wrapped a towel around myself to go to my room. I saw my little brother and his friends sniffing my bra. One of them was smiling and saying how warm it is. Now I can't get that image out of my head.
Lucy had been wanting her ears pierced. Finally she got them pierced. She sat in the chair ready. All the sudden her nerves took over. She was terrified of the pain.
Our phone line went down Friday night during a storm. Verizon told me it was a mass outage. They sent two trucks to the area. The representative told me the cable needed to be replaced. They finally restored service on Thursday.
Brad was excited to go to the zoo tomorrow. His mom had promised she would take him if he was good. But that night at dinner, Brad was rude and started a food fight! Brad's mom said his bad behavior had canceled their zoo trip. Brad cried, feeling remorseful.
A retired couple bought a recreational vehicle. They thought they'd travel the American Southwest. They wanted to live life on the road. They only made it a single day, though. Unused to driving a vehicle that large, they totaled it parking.
Tiffany's family went on a vacation to Paris. It was hard to get used to the changes at first. Although they were tired, they did some sightseeing. It was amazing to see the Eiffel Tower in person. Overall, their family trip was a success.
Betty always required permission to go outside. She walked up to her Mom and asked for permission. Her mother was busy on the phone but consented. Although it was raining, Betty still went outside to play. Betty came back inside a few minutes later, all cold and wet.
My mom packed quail eggs for my lunch one day. We are Chinese. The teacher, who was white, said the eggs smelled. My mom went to the principal and complained. The teacher had to apologize.
Luke loved to ride his bike around town. He began timing himself when he rode to work. Luke realized that biking was faster than driving in his city. He sold his car the next month. Luke used the money to buy a really nice, new bike.
Elizabeth was reading when she heard a loud crash. The front window was smashed in, and a baseball lay on the carpet. She opened the front door and saw a boy in her yard. She scolded him for breaking the window. He had a guilty look on his face, but he lied and said it wasn't him.
Sam loved his girlfriend. He wanted to marry her. He took her on a hiking trip. Atop a mountain Sam proposed under the stars. His girlfriend said yes enthusiastically.
John started making a new recipe. He put together the ingredients perfectly. He cooked the ingredients perfectly. He enjoyed what he felt was a masterpiece. He left the stove top on, and burned down the kitchen.
Jane woke up to a painful bump on her lip. She quickly realized she was getting a cold sore. Jane ran to the kitchen and got ice for her lip. She kept the ice on the bump all day. Jane's sore never formed because of the ice.
Earl was on a diet. So he had to give up sugary drinks. He bought unsweetened almond milk at his grocery store. But he thought it tasted like water. He bought the vanilla unsweetened version next time and loved it.
Jeff was trying to find a way to improve his cooking. He went to a local supermarket. He was walking down the isles when he found something interesting. It was pink salt. His dishes became the tastiest in the whole town.
Becca was twenty eight. It was her birthday next week and she was feeling down. She always wanted a sweet sixteen party like the celebrities have. She felt the ship had sailed though. Her friends threw her a surprise sweet 16 themed party.
Beth was a new recruit in the Army. She arrived in North Carolina on a warm sunny day. She didn't realize they would get to work right away. She was forced to hike 10 miles in the heat with a heavy load. Beth lay in her bunk afterwards absolutely exhausted.
Joy walked into the baby's room. She said she had heard the voice of Jesus. He had told her it was wrong for us to keep it. She said it looked like me, when it still breathed. She smothered it with a laced pillow.
Tim was in a ferocious gang. He was secretly ready to get out, but didn't know how to. One day, he decided to change his identity and move. He cut his hair, colored it, donned glasses and moved to Kansas. He needed a job, so he joined the military to go unnoticed.
Terry is eating a snack. While biting into the snack his tooth falls out. He notices his tooth on the ground. He picks it up and shows everyone. Terry lost his tooth eating a snack.
Tammy lost her cat. She looked everywhere. Tammy even put up flyers. Nobody ever actually called. Eventually Tammy gave up looking.
Morgan loved catching creatures. She had a big net and caught a big frog. She took it home and put it in a tank. She fed it crickets. She loved having her own frog!
Linda woke up in the middle of the night. She was incredibly thirsty. She walked upstairs to the kitchen. She got cold water from the refrigerator. She drank the whole glass without stopping.
Justin needed a new car. He went to the dealership to look at his options. The salesman said that he was not qualified for financing. Justin tried to apply for financing at other places. He was eventually approved for a car loan from his bank.
A woman's lawn chair broke. She bought a metal replacement, so that it would last for years. The next summer, she discovered that it got painfully hot in sunlight. By then, it was too late to return it. She was stuck with it for years.
I came home early from work today. My neighbors were out playing with their kids. My children went out to play with them. We sat outside for an hour playing. It was a good day to come home early.
Tim had a local coffee shop. He decided to have a blog. He posted a lot of personal information. Much of it was unsavory and hurt his business. Tim was forced to shut down shortly after.
Justin's family moved across the state. This meant that he had to switch schools halfway through the year. He was really scared but knew that he had no choice. Once he got to the school he made lots of friends. Soon he was happy that he was forced to switch schools.
Laura and Billy wanted to spent time on the outdoors. They prepared for a week. They got supplies and food. However, Billy ate all of the food on day one. Laura could not believe how foolish Billy was.
One night Nina and her friends decided to watch scary movies. First they watched Paranormal Activity. Then they watched Carrie. Finally they watched The Exorcist. No one could sleep that night!
Kate was going to her first school dance. She wanted the perfect dress. She did not have much to spend. She went to several stores to find a dress. After a day of shopping, she finally found the perfect dress.
I decided to apply to nursing school. I gathered all my materials. I submitted the information. I received the letter in the mail. I got into nursing school.
My girlfriend and I went to the beach. The beach was very, very crowded. We hemmed and hawed about staying or leaving. She asked me what I thought, and I asked her what she thought. We both agreed to leave, so we got in my car and went back home.
The little girls had a sleepover. They were content until one broke out a pillow. The pillow fight ensued. Feathers went everywhere. They loved every minute of it.
Lisa was excited to try out new hair extensions. She clipped them in before heading out on a date. Lisa felt pretty and confident, and danced the night away. At one point, she went to the ladies room and glanced in the mirror. There, Lisa saw a blond hair extension stuck to her black dress.
The school had decided to repaint the cafeteria. By Monday, the paint still wasn't dry. Celia was the cafeteria manager. Celia decided to serve the students a bagged lunch. The students were given their lunches and ate outside.
We had to go to a black section of town for a seminar. My coworkers are white, while I am Chinese. We had no trouble at the seminar. Driving home, my coworker used the n word when a driver cut her off. We were shocked, and told her not to say that again.
Niles had a pop quiz in science class. He panicked! He knew he was not going to do well. Sure enough, Niles failed the quiz. He was unhappy, but not surprised.
Nate and Jerry are planning a garage sale for Saturday morning. Nate plans to sell off his old baseball card collection. He and Jerry have spent the afternoon searching Ebay for it's value. Unfortunately Nate doesn't have any of the really rare cards. Jerry convinces Nate that his cards are not worth selling.
I used to work at the post office. My job was to deliver mail to people. One day, my car broke down in the morning. There was no one else to deliver the mail that day. No one on my route was able to get their mail that day.
Brenda was very scared of bees. After she was stung as a little kid she feared them. One day, she saw one in the wild. She saw how harmless they were. Now, Brenda enjoys watching bees in nature.
Lou's mom made his lunch everyday. He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make. Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it. Two days later Lou noticed ants in his closet. He traced them back to the sandwich he forgot about.
Jake needed a ride to the store. His girlfriend was working and wouldn't take him. His brother was in the middle of a movie and said no. Jake decided to take the bus to the store. He got what he needed all by himself.
Robert was a running back for his whole career. When he hurt his knee he was unable to run as fast as before. His coach decided to make him a quarterback instead. Robert tried his best but just couldn't play the position well. Robert eventually quit playing football.
Sonia took her toddler to visit the aquarium. First they looked at the seahorses. Then they saw stingrays and sharks. But her child's favorite thing to watch was in the coral reef exhibit. A man wearing a scuba suit was inside cleaning the tank!
Jean went downtown on his bicycle. The roads were very slippery. He skidded off the road and into a barrier. The bike was ruined. Thankfully, Jean was unharmed.
Jared liked to fish with his dad every Saturday. He and his dad would go out early so they could eat their catch. Jared's dad got sick and could no longer go fishing. Jared still got up early on Saturday to hang out with his dad. Jared discovered his dad's companionship was most important.
I hated my old job. I hated my old boss. I decided I would be better off quitting. I decided to be an idiot my last day. My boss loved it and gave me raise ironically.
A line of watch fires stretched away into the night. The boy scout troupe watched them blaze away into the darkness. They shouted gleefully, in celebration. This was their graduation day, that they'd worked so hard to get to. They troupe told stories and roasted marshmallows well into the night.
We finally went on a date tonight. It's been such a long time, I was so excited to get away. He took me to the best restaurant. It was so romantic, I could have cried. He kissed me goodnight and walked me to my door.
Gabriel was sitting at home sick from school. He was lying on the couch watching television. He found a good movie. The movie kept going to commercials and upset Gabriel. Gabriel turned off the tv because there were too many commercials.
The kids were running around in the yard. They had turned on the sprinkler and were running through it. They got totally soaked. They sat down in the sun to dry off. They loved getting wet in the summer!
Tim was ten when he first went to the zoo. He had never seen so many animals before in his life. He was excited by everything he saw. He still has pictures of the trip to this day. Tim returned to the zoo several times and even worked there.
Tom was on his way to a party. He hailed a taxi. Right behind him someone else waved it down too. Tom decided to share it. They were both going the same general direction.
The line snapped. I had gotten very tired. I knew there was a big fish on the line. I had wasted my time. I should have kept reeling.
My wife decided to buy fresh fish for dinner. She went to the local supermarket. The fish section did not have cod or haddock. Sh had to buy sole instead. The fish was thin but tasty.
Valerie played around on her boyfriend, Matt. She fell for Tim, one of the many guys she'd cheated with. She broke up with Matt and started dating Tim. Tim had no respect for her or their relationship. He cheated on her countless times and then broke up with her.
Tiffany was mean to her kids. She hit them with anything. One day she hit them too hard. They fell to the floor. They all died from the pain.
Tara liked to bake. She was making a pumpkin pie. She carefully crimped the crust. She baked it until it was golden brown. She couldn't wait to taste it!
Horace needed some money. He decided to steal somethings. He thought it was a bad idea. He did it anyway. He got caught.
The chicken place was a two mile drive away. I had to fight through a lot of traffic. When I got there, the line was long. I ended up stuck in the drive through for a long time. I got our chicken and went back home.
Tony wanted to get a promotion at his restaurant job. He stayed late to get better. He sought advice from his chef. He asked for a promotion. His boss gave him the promotion.
At first my daughter was hesitant about Pokemon Go. I talked her into trying Pokemon Go just once. We went to the park and I walked with her while she played. She caught her first Pokemon and then she wanted to catch more. Now we share an activity that lets us both get some exercise.
Paul was at the laundromat. He got what he thought were his clothes and went home. At home he realized he got someone else's by mistake. He rushed back and explained the situation. They were able to fix things easily.
Winter was coming and Joe wanted to get more blankets for his house. During winter his family likes to come over. It gets really cold where he's at. So Joe went to the store to buy more. Joe found big blankets and bought them.
Carter's dad just bought him a new trampoline. Him and Jim played on it all day yesterday. While they were playing on it Jim fell off. When Jim fell he skinned his knee. Carter's parents put a bandaid on it and now Jim is ok!
Tom was feeling sick one winter. So he decided to eat an orange. Soon, he felt better. His head and nose felt more clear. Tom decided to eat more oranges.
Stan went camping with his scout troop. The boys were cooking their dinner at the campfire. Stan had two servings of beans. Stan's digestive system doesn't take well to beans. Stan's terrible gas forced his tent mates to make him sleep outside.
Lisa made a stir fry for her boyfriend. When he took a bite he got a horrible look on his face. When he could finally talk, he said it was really spicy. Lisa looked back at the recipe. She realized she used hot red peppers instead of sweet red peppers.
Lauren was skipping rope. She lost her rhythm. She tripped and fell. Her friend helped her up. She started skipping rope again.
The two teams were playing a basketball game. They were tied. They went into triple overtime but couldn't break the tie. Finally, they agreed to call it a tie. The teams were both exhausted.
Sarah was looking forward to going shopping this afternoon. She got in her car and drove to her favorite shopping center. When she got to her favorite store, she could not find her wallet. She was panicked. She got in her car and was relieved to find her wallet had fallen out.
Jean forgot to study for the big math exam. She was worried she would fail the class if she didn't do well. Jean decided to cheat off of a classmates test. The teacher caught Jean copying her classmate's answers. Jean was given a zero on the test.
Terry has lost his job. Terry doesn't know what to do to feed his family. He heads out to ask for help. He gets help from a local church who gives Terry food. Terry comes home and feeds his whole family with the food he got.
Alexis did not want her son playing football. After playing for years he got an injury. Alexis was horrified. She made him quit. He was sad but understood.
My former coworker M is going to a union meeting today. The meeting starts at 6 PM. She and her coworkers went to a bar and restaurant. She posted photos of a beer and menu on FB. I gave her a FB like.
Ron's neighbor watched as Ron started to fix his porch. It had been an eyesore and in disrepair for years. Ron took out his sander and started on the loose paint. After a few hours, Ron had sanded the entire porch. His neighbor came over and handed Ron a beer.
Jane was really into technology. She learned of a robot fighting league. Jane decided to build a robot to compete. She got a team together and built a good one. She was able to make it to the top five.
I was sitting on a bench waiting for the library to open. My cell phone rang. I was hoping it was about a job I had applied for. It was my parole officer calling. She told me my parole ended 5 months ago!
Every time Layla's husband helped wash the dishes he broke one. Apologizing profusely, he would promise to be more careful. But the next time he would always do it again! Layla began to suspect that he subconsciously hated doing dishes. Vexed but forgiving, she decided to cheerfully do them herself.
My dad really enjoys going fishing. He could do it for hours and hours. I go sometimes but I get bored. Dad said I'll like it more when I get older. I don't think I will ever enjoy fishing like he does.
The wind stirred the trees outside Tom's window. He got up from his chair to look out. Leaving his book on the table, he walked across the room. As he pulled back the curtains he saw the swaying trees. Leaves were falling all around, making piles on the ground.
Yesterday I was racing my wagon down the hill. One of the wheels started to make a noise. The wheel came off and I lost control of the wagon. I landed safely in a patch of green grass. I decided that I would never race my wagon down the hill again.
Tom lived with his grandmother. He loved his grandmother very much. When Tom got older he moved out on his own. His grandmother became very lonely after he moved out. Tom moved back in with her to keep her company.
Butch was a poor man in a poor city. None of the houses had central air and used old swamp coolers. Butch's cooler broke down and it was turning into summer. He went to the store and bought a new water pump. He fixed the cooler just a few days before it reached triple digits.
Joe needed to find a way to pay his rent. He decided he would start a dog walking service. Joe went around the dog park advertising. He got a few clients that needed his service. Joe made the extra money he needed to pay the rent.
We set out all the board games. We picked our favorite ones. The three of us started to play. The youngest won every game. We didn't tell him it was because we let him.
Jane and Janine were hiking in the woods one day. Out of the corner of her eye, Jane saw something moving in the leaves. It was two kittens! Jane and Janine thought they were too cute to ignore. They took the kittens home, where they grew into loving, happy cats.
Lily thought rice krispies were the most boring cereal ever. When her mom came home with three boxes she was worried. Was that all she would have for breakfast from now on? But her mom surprised her. She made pans of rice krispie treats for Lily to take to school.
Matt's dad bought him a minibike for his birthday. Matt couldn't ride his minibike because he was too small. His uncle wanted to borrow his mini bike to ride up the mountain. His uncle broke his minibike and left it on the mountain. Matt never let anyone borrow his things again.
Hope decided to get a puppy. She searched online for the cutest dogs she could find. After picking a breeder, she paid a deposit and waited. A few weeks later, she met the puppy at the airport. So her surprise, the black dog she chosen had arrived pure white!
Sarah sewed several new squares onto the quilt. She was smiling as she looked at the old squares. This quilt had been in the family for decades. So many stories being told in the fabric pieces. She quickly finished and placed the quilt back into the trunk.
Cassie put rice on to boil. As she was cooking, she got a phone call. She forgot about the rice and continued to talk. She suddenly smelled something burning. She ran to the kitchen and her rice was on fire.
The family took a trip to San Antonio. They toured the Alamo. It was an amazing piece of history. They learned a lot about the history of Texas. It had been a very educational vacation.
Carter was going to summer camp. He was nervous to be away from home. He tried not to cry as his mom dropped him off. Carter began to make new friends. He was surprised he was having fun at camp.
When I was a boy I was able to go to work with my Dad. He was a chef so I was given the jobs of opening the cans. After I had mastered that I was able to do more. I worked hard and was able to help the waitresses do their side work. With helping them I received tips that was my own money to spend.
Golden State was a very good basketball team this year. Their players were especially good at shooting the ball. Their best shooter hurt his ankle early in the playoffs. The team fought hard to advance to the final round of the playoffs. In the final round, they were unexpectedly lost to Cleveland.
Linda's child had to sell cookies for her club. Linda wanted to help out so she brought the order form to her work. Linda's coworkers ordered a lot of cookies. Her daughter actually sold the most out of anyone in the club. Linda's daughter got a special badge for her selling ability.
Jilly planted bulbs with her mom in the fall. Her mom said the crocuses would bloom first. In late March Jilly looked where some snow was melting. A little purple flower was poking through. Even though there was snow, the crocuses knew it was springtime.
Jerry wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store. He knew that his parents wouldn't give him the money. Jerry decided to save his chore money so that he could buy it himself. He worked and saved for several weeks until he finally had enough. That night he proudly showed his parents the new toy he had earned.
I met a wonderful guy on the internet. He told me he wanted to visit me after talking online for 6 months. He flew out to meet me. After spending time together, we fell in love. We are now in a relationship.
Years ago I met this well dressed man on the street. We begin a long conversation. He told me that he once was a homeless person but now he's wealthy. He told me that he save ten dollars. He took five of his ten dollars and bought lottery tickets and won.
Peg wanted to work on a ship, but she hated fishing. She couldn't navigate or cook, either. The ship's captain asked what she could do to help him. Peg thought very hard, then offered her knot-tying services. Now she ties the rigging and sails on ocean voyages!
Today I drove to the local store. Traffic into the parking lot was backed up. Once some cars left, I could see there had been an accident. The women involved finally parked their cars. I parked my car and went into the store.
Kathleen loved swans. She thought they were very beautiful. One day, she decided that she would see one in real life. She saved her money and got on an airplane. After that, Kathleen was able to travel and see as swan.
The doorbell rang. I answered to see a small bee, monster, and a superhero. I grabbed a bowl of candy. Each creature grinned at me. Today is Halloween.
I love signing up for things online. The only drawback is the spam. My friend told me about mailinator. Mailinator is a fake email service that handles all my spam. Emails became easier to handle.
The church across the street was having a bazaar. Gina and her family walked over to check it out. They had treats, and items for sale. Gina purchased a popcorn ball, and a plate of cookies. She ate her cookies and watched her sister get her face painted.
Abby was worried about an earthquake in the future. So she prepared. She removed large objects from high shelves. And she bought an emergency medical kit. Abby felt less anxious because of her preparations.
Harry had a favorite band. He bought a ticket to their show. He went downtown to see them play. Harry loved to see them rock! Harry bought a t-shirt to show his support.
Will heard a really corny joke from one of his kids. Will told the joke to his co-worker the next day. The co-worker didn't laugh at all. Will came home and heard the joke again from his kid. Will then realized that at work he had botched the joke's punch line.
Michael loved his toy bear. He would take him everywhere. One day he took him to a park. A thief stole Michaels pet bear. He never saw his bear again.
We got a new rug today. It was very plush. Our cat immediately got on top of it. She started lying down on her back. We are glad she approves.
Someone tried to steal an elderly lady's purse at the store. Another customer chased the thief through the store. He caught the thief in the parking lot and took the purse back. The thief drove off before the police arrived. The police took the frightened old lady home - with her purse.
Sammy's mother loved going to horse races. She brought Sammy with her quite often. Sammy learned a lot about how the races work. He never really liked going to the races himself. When he grew up, he went to them to remember his mom.
Heather had been getting sick every morning. She knew something might be going on with her. When she went to the store she bought a pregnancy test. The next morning she took the test. It was then she knew she was having a baby.
Martin wanted to quit smoking. In the morning he made a coffee for himself. He got phone call from work. They fired him. He had to go to smoke one cigarette.
Betty was shopping in the mall. She really had to pee! She rushed to the back area where stalls were lined up. She hurried into a stall, but then she gasped in shock. She had entered a fitting room, not a restroom!
Stan wanted to impress his in laws on vacation. He thought it a good idea to rent a big boat. He also rented a captain to control the boat. They were extremely surprised and grateful to Stan! For one whole week everybody loved being on the boat.
I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1997. She loved Starbucks coffee. I bought a pound of Starbucks coffee. I replaced it with Maxwell House coffee. I laughed when she did not notice the difference immediately.
Gina had thrown a book at a boy in her class. He had been bothering her for hours. The teacher asked her why she threw the book. Her explanation was not good enough. Gina was sent to see the principal.
Candy was going on vacation. She had several cats that lived outside her house. Candy asked her mother to feed her cats. Candy's mother drove by every day to feed the cats. She stopped when Candy returned from vacation.
Markus had been the store leader for a long time. However he knew that he was getting old. He wouldn't be able to lead as well as he used to. Someone was going to have to take over the store in his place. To this end he began training a replacement for him.
Anna was depressed. She had no family or friends. Then a neighbor took her to church. There, Anna found Christ. Knowing Jesus made Anna's life much better.
Rina went to Russia on a student exchange program. She was nervous at first - Russia was so foreign. But soon she was very comfortable there. She even learned to speak fluent Russian! At the end of the semester, she hated to leave.
Tina was a horrible car accident. Her legs were messed up terribly. Doctors said she would never walk again. But Tina persevered in therapy. And she regained the ability to walk again.
When my boyfriend and I went to the DR, we ate very well. I'm a seafood lover and wouldn't leave DR without eating some. When we found a seafood restaurant, I was floored. The seafood was at least 50% bigger and juicier than in the states! Needless to say, I haven't had anymore seafood here in the US since.
Steph likes this boy Ryan at school a lot. She is hoping Ryan will ask her to the dance. So far he has not asked her and the dance is only a week away. Steph has always been told that the guy should ask the girl. Steph doesn't care about tradition, she asked Ryan and he said yes!
Brian passed out after a long night of drinking. We tried to wake him up but we were not successful. So we took a black sharpie and colored the back of his ears. He got up the following morning and went to school. All day everyone was laughing at him and he did not know why.
Jan and Steve were out in the forest berry picking. Suddenly, they heard a low growl. They turned around, and saw a huge bear approaching them. They dropped the baskets of berries and ran away. The bear happily ate all the spilled berries.
Trina was with her family on her dream trip. They were at a hotel the night before visiting a theme park. Trina was trying to be excited but she felt incredibly sick. She took some medicine and got right to bed. Luckily when she woke up she felt much better.
Thomas Lawry was knighted by the queen of England. He had accomplished a legitimate goal in doing this. Now he was able to get his inheritance. When he went to go and get it. There was nothing in the account but a note of congratulations.
The comedian got on stage at the beginning of the evening. He began to tell his jokes that he had prepared. He told a joke about how he had gotten a new dog. The audience to his dismay, booed him off the stage. The comedian felt disappointed as he left the stage.
The presidential election was coming up soon. Jenn was tired of hearing about it already. In fact, she had grown tired of it long ago. She could not wait until it was over. That would not be for a while, unfortunately.
Macy was walking in the mall with her mom. As soon as she saw a doll for sale, she ran towards it. Her mom tried to take her away however, she didn't listen. She ended up mad and started to shout. Macy began to cry.
Janet's friend Mary had a birthday coming up. Mary has always been good to Janet so she wanted to do something. Janet decided to throw her a surprise party. She called up all of Mary's friends and invited them over. Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised.
Nina wanted blonde hair. She decided to save $50 at a salon by doing it herself. But it came out orange! She was horrified! She had to go to a salon and pay to have it fixed after all.
Sam had a big exam for an important college course. He studied hard and went to every class. On the day of the exam he noticed the room was empty. The time and location had been changed. He never bothered to check his email and didn't know.
Greg wanted to enter the county fair. He decided to try to grow a very large plum. He overwatered and over-fertilized his plum crop. Most died. A few thrived, including one enormous one that got a blue ribbon.
Candace had lit a candle. She forgot about the candle. Candace took a nap. The candle continued to burn. The candle melted onto the tabletop.
I was listening to the music saved on my phone. Since the volume was on the highest setting, I couldn't hear anything. My mom tried to call me, but I didn't respond since I didn't hear her. When I went to look for my leftover food, it was gone. My mom told me that she ate it.
The man saw a stranger. The stranger seemed interesting. The man introduced himself. The stranger reciprocated. They got a drink together.
Martin was washing his clothes. He accidentally mixed whites and darks. His clothes came out all mottled and stained. Martin had nothing to wear. He decided to just call his new wardrobe tye-dye and went with it.
Ricky's grandma told him to take an umbrella with him. His grandma claimed to know when it was going to rainy. Ricky laughed and left without the umbrella. As he drove, rainy began to pour from the sky. Ricky realized that he should have listened to his grandmother.
It was a cold and snowy February when Kay lost a glove. She went to the local Target to purchase new gloves. There were lots of swimwear options, but no gloves. Kay stopped an employee and asked where they were located. Kay was stunned to find they stopped selling them until next winter.
Tommy wanted to join a funk band. He learned to play the bass guitar. He placed an ad in a local paper. His and got no responses. He later found a band at a club and joined them.
Tim and his friends went camping. They wanted to spend time in the great outdoors. Unfortunately they forgot to bring tents. They decided to build a small structure out of sticks. It went so terribly that they all went home.
Kim and Danny moved to a new town. They wanted to find friends for them and their kids. They tried a church in their new town. The people were very friendly and inviting. Their family was excited to attend again.
Tyler likes to paint in his spare time. He decides he is going to enter a painting into an art show. At the art show, the judges announce they have decided on a winner. Tyler is surprised when he hears his name called for first place! Now Tyler is more motivated than ever to paint.
Jia was driving to work. When she a turn into an intersection, her front tire popped. The car immediately began to spin off the road. Jia held on tightly to her seat beat. She was safe when the car landed in the grass.
The class was going to celebrate Halloween. They decided to have a party. Some kids brought snacks. Others brought drinks or games. The class had a wonderful time!
Harriet needed new shoes for a dance. The ones she had just didn't match her dress. She went to the shoe store in the mall and looked around. She found a pair that was purple, just like her dress. Everyone at the dance talked about how  the shoes matched the dress.
Molly was distraught when her cat went missing. She walked through the neighborhood calling its name. Molly even imagined she heard her cat's plaintive cry. Then her neighbors returned from a week-long trip. When they pulled into their garage, Molly's cat ran out.
When I came home from school, I dressed up for a party. Before I left the house, my mom called me. She asked if I can pay for dinner tonight. Although I barely had money, I decided to buy Chinese Takeout. I spent all of my money and decided to miss the party.
Tom was leaving the mall after holiday shopping. He went to his car but the unlock button didn't work. Tom tried to open it with the key. That wound up setting the car alarm off. At that point Tom realized it just looked like his car.
Mitch was a lousy friend. He was never there in times of need. He took money and never paid back. When he fell into bad luck, his friends left him alone. And for the first time he understood what it was like.
Doris was troubled by an odd, unexplainable smell in her house. She checked the fridge and the drain, but they weren't the source. She cleaned her closets, looking for mold, but found none. Finally, she discovered a dead squirrel underneath her porch. She called animal control and they took care of it, and the smell.
Ever since their birth, Andy, Paul and Nick did everything together. They even graduated from the same college with the same degrees. The triplets lived together and worked together. One morning, feeling very ill Andy went to the doctor, One week later he was dead, and Paul and Nick felt forever lost.
Dave and Laura took their children to the beach for a vacation. Because of an oil spill, the beach was temporarily closed. The children were upset that their vacation was ruined. Dave and Laura found a nearby water park that was open. The kids had a great day at the waterpark, and a great vacation.
Janet was dating her boyfriend for a very long time. They were doing really well but had their doubts. As time went on Janet decided that they should break up. She asked me for advice on how to do it, but I didn't have any! A few weeks later she broke up with her boyfriend.
I woke up and decided to make breakfast. I decided to eat rice. I cooked it in a rush. It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach. I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely.
I took tap dancing up when I was a young girl. My first dance recital was coming up, and I was scared. I was too young to know how to mentally prepare. On the day of the recital, my mom gave me a good pep talk. This prepared me for the recital, and I did really well.
Our 2 year old granddaughter and her parents are coming from Queens. We live in Boston. My wife has been cleaning all day (I am disabled). I suggested we have food delivered. She gladly agreed.
Jenny had been sick with the flu all week. She had missed her big deadline at college due to it. The next week she went in to apologize to her lecturer. He explained that she would have to do an extra credit assignment. Jenny submitted the assignment and received top marks.
The bell went off. The fighters made their way towards each other. They moved around each other. Both of the boxers fought hard during that match. The boxing match ended in a draw.
Anna had always had fish as pets and never eaten them. Then she spent a year with the Peace Corps in Samoa. There, everyone ate fish, because it was cheap and plentiful. Anna realized that these people weren't cruel, but resourceful. She even developed a taste for clams by the time she left!
Candy loved drinking tea. Thankfully she got some new bags yesterday. The teas were delicious. Unfortunately she burned herself. Thankfully the pain went away soon.
Jeremy was playing on the playground at school. He was running with his friends. Jeremy fell down. He tore his pants. Jeremy's mother had to bring him a good pair of pants to school.
Nina was at her yearly teaching convention. The group was recognizing some of the helpful teachers. Nina was surprised when she heard her name called. Not only was she called, but her award was for best teacher. Nina was so proud of herself and she displayed her award from then on.
Hillary always wanted to try sushi. She was a bit apprehensive at first. She asked the waiter for recommendations. She ended up trying only cooked sushi. She now has a new favorite food.
Jake was trying a new diet. He bought a salad for lunch. He was hoping it would help lose weight. It didn't fill him up. Jake wound up getting a burger as well.
Nancy loved her cats. But she treated them badly. She gave them uncomfortable clothes to wear. And she fed them whatever she ate. Eventually, her cats developed diabetes and died at early ages.
Missy was going to be a flower girl in her cousin's wedding. She practiced at home how she would walk down the aisle. She used popcorn as pretend flower petals. The day of the wedding she was ready to go. She did a perfect job putting down petals for the bride.
Dominic wore his headphones a lot. After a busy day on vacation, he couldn't find them. He searched the hotel room and the car. He was very disappointed to not find them. The next day he was really excited when his brother found them.
Dan was in high school. He was on the verge of failing chemistry. He decided to make a cheat sheet for his next test. Dan kept it hidden well. His teacher never knew.
Tim was watching the news. He believed everything he heard. One story was an opinion piece. Tim didn't realize the difference. He repeated it as fact often.
Andrew loves to make people laugh. He often makes jokes and does silly stunts. Once in a crowded room he started to dance like he was riding a horse. Everyone in the room was giggling at Andrew's dancing. Andrew is always the life of the party.
Landon is a daredevil and will try just about anything. Last month, he tried riding the rail on his skateboard. It wasn't a good idea. He messed up and broke his ankle. Landon decided to stick with the stunts that he knows.
While at the gym, Tom heard someone talking about beef cake. Hearing this, he was curious as to what a beef cake was. Going home, he called his friends to find out what it meant. His friend informed him, it was a special food for weight gain. Arriving home, Tom searched for the recipe and found out it's a joke.
Jay was playing in a baseball game. He was standing on second base, ready to run. Jay ran and slid to the base. His arm got caught and he broke it. Jay couldn't play the rest of the season.
Ian was taking a walk in the park last Thursday. He saw two squirrels chasing each other. For some reason, he decided to scare them away. He had no idea what happened afterwards. But for some strange reason, he felt guilty about it.
Ted fired up the grill without cleaning it. He was hoping to burn off the old food left in there. After a few minutes, the grill started smoking terribly. Ted had to put out the grill for fear of alarming the neighbors. Ted cleaned the grill the old fashioned way after it cooled down.
Lucy loved candy canes. So she decided to make her own. She got the ingredients together. She had a blast. When she tasted them they were great.
I was nervous because it was my first day in High School. I did not know anyone because I recently moved. Everybody seem to have their own group. Felt like I didn't fit in anywhere. It took me almost 4 months before I met people I could hang out with.
My sister had her wisdom teeth taken out a few weeks ago. Her friends all warned her about how hard recovery would be. She chose instead to listen to the surgeon's advice. She kept ice packs on her cheeks for 16 hours afterward. She ended up recovering within just a day or two!
Jill wanted to go skating. She did not want to go alone. Her sister offered to go with her. Jill was so thrilled. They both went to the skate park together.
The family worked on a farm picking vegetables. The family got laid off at the end of the season. They looked for other work in the area. They were not qualified for most of the jobs. They had to leave the area.
Dan was overweight by about fifty pounds. He wanted to make a change and get healthy. He read a bunch of fitness books. He then went out and bought some workout equipment. He got to work and immediately started to feel better.
Ella grew up in the cold Northeast, and hated it. When she finished school, she went to work in Fiji for a year. She thought the constant high heat sounded like paradise. But soon she found that sweating all day was very miserable! In the end, she was actually happy to come home to the cold!
Samantha was walking to her boyfriend's house. She noticed a short cut through the woods and tried it out. At first it was fine but then she stumbled upon a skull. She looked and realized it was human, scaring her. She turned and ran, never telling anyone about it.
Lawrence had broken his arm during summer football practice. It was his senior year and the game was in two weeks. He hoped to get his cast off so he could get a little time to play. Sure enough, he got his cast off three days before. He couldn't be more excited to play in the big game.
Tom was at his grandfather's funeral. He didn't know him that well in life. For some reason he was overcome with emotions. He started crying and couldn't stop. Tom felt it was a cathartic experience.
Joanne was having a baby. Her and her husband had to bring their older toddler to the hospital. They didn't have a babysitter. Luckily, a nurse there offered to watch the toddler. Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace.
James was invited to work on a ranch for the summer. He was a flabby computer dude, but accepted the offer. The other people left him mostly alone and James loved it. He found himself really enjoying the outdoor work. James sold his house in the city and moved to the ranch permanently.
Maggie was cleaning her attic that afternoon. She opened an old box to peer inside. She found an old diary that belonged to her grandmother. Maggie decided to drive to her grandma to give it to her. Her grandmother was so touched, she cried of joy at the souvenir.
I love to swim. My wife does not like the beach, though. We compromised by going to lakes. In 2010 we swam at Lake Cochituate in Natick. I enjoyed swimming in the still waters.
Kelly has worked in the same office for two Year's. She starts to feel that she needs a change. One day Kelly tells her boss that she is quitting. Kelly feels great walking out of the office. However, several weeks later she begins to worry about money.
Jack was playing on a neighbor's trampoline. He fell down and hit his arm. Jack was in a lot of pain from the fall. He went to the doctor and got an x ray. The doctor said Jack's arm was broken in two places.
I felt guilty for eating the two cookies. I found them in my lunch kit. I added up the calories, and it wasn't much. I ate them anyway, and felt terrible afterward. I skipped dinner to make up for it.
When I was a child, I believed I could fly as well as Superman. I put on a cape and got my father's ladder from the garage. I climbed onto the roof and jumped off. I ended up breaking my leg and had a cast for 4 weeks. I no longer believe I can fly as well as Superman.
Dan was moving to a new apartment. He needed a truck to move his furniture. His boss had a truck that he let Dan borrow for the move. The truck made it easy for Dan to move his belongings. Dan thanked his boss for letting Dan use the truck.
Tommy was excited about getting a new puppy. He had been asking his parents for weeks about a pet. After proving to his parents he was responsible enough for a pet. They took him to look at dogs. Tommy picked out a cute black and white puppy.
Cy was autistic but still liked to play games online. He had a good community of friends he had never met. When his friends proposed to meet at a local bar, Cy panicked. He could handle people online but not in real life. He had to decline the offer and stick to having friends online only.
Jenna was enjoying a nice meal at the restaurant with her friend. Jenna fainted, and fell to the floor. Her friend called 911, and a bystander came to assist. He made sure Jenna had a pulse and was breathing. Jenna soon regained consciousness, but refused to go to the hospital.
Allie went camping with friends. All the sudden a swarm of bees came by. Allie started swelling up and couldn't breathe. They had to call 911. She was rushed to the hospital.
Jim loved to play pranks. He was determined to get his dad. He decided to put ketchup on the kitchen counter. His dad walked in and thought Jim had chopped off his finger. Jim finally got him.
I was late to get to work so I raced to get ready. I got everything I needed but my car keys. I remembered the last time I had them was in my car. The car was locked so I had to smash the window. I reached inside and unlocked to door to get in.
Sammy wanted a dog. His mom took him to the animal shelter. Sammy looked at all the dogs and puppies in their cages. One puppy put his paw through the cage to get Sammy's attention. Sammy's mom adopted that puppy for him.
On New Year's Eve Tim was planning out his resolution. He wanted to hit the gym, lose weight and become healthy again. Plotting out local gyms, he had come to choose between two. The only problem was, he needed a gym partner and had none. Tim couldn't find a friend to go with, and decided to just stay fat.
Lina got her navel pierced. She loved the piercing! But she neglected to keep it clean. Soon enough, it became red and infected. Lina had to remove the piercing and let it heal.
Jan was planning on sewing a dress. She went to the store and looked at the fabrics. Jan decided she didn't like any of the fabrics at the store. Jan changed her mind about sewing the dress. She went to the mall and bought a dress instead.
Beth was having a great time playing at the park with her class. She played for hours non-stop. While the other kids had lunch she kept playing. After 5 hours she became dizzy from dehydration. Thank goodness the teacher saw her and made her drink Gatorade.
My old boss opened a brewery two years ago. He is making money but needed to buy more equipment. He applied for and got a low interest loan from the state of MA. After reading the terms and conditions, he declined the loan. He and his partner bought the equipment with their savings.
Diann was a financial aid advisor at a local college. She received an email about a job with the state. This job would be a large raise for her. She would also be able to help so many students. Diann applied and was offered the position.
Tom was concerned about his health. He began eating healthier. He began being more active. He went to get a full blood work screening done. He passed with flying colors and no longer worried about health.
I always hated science class due to how boring it was. When I told my friend, she laughed. She told me that science helps make the world a better place. She explained all of the scientific findings that changed the world. After that I had a deeper appreciation for science.
Jill won musical chairs at her friends party. She got to pick from 5 wrapped boxes. She was thinking about picking the biggest one. At the last minute she decided on the smallest box. There was a sparkly bracelet inside that she loved.
Fred noticed that his brother was sleeping. He filled up a bucket of water and placed ice. Afterwards, he dumped the entire bucket on his brother. He woke up feeling cold. However, he tried to chase Fred outside.
Bear found a jar of honey in his cupboard. He wanted to stir it into his tea, but he hesitated. The expiration date had passed over a year ago! Then he remembered reading that honey never went bad. Bear stirred it into his tea and enjoyed its sweetness.
Jill was talking on the phone with her mother. She accidentally dropped her phone on the ground. Her phone stopped working because of the fall. Jill was unable to pay for a replacement. Jill went to the store and bought a cheap prepaid phone instead.
My husband and I decided to buy a specific new car for me. We were not having any luck finding it in the color I wanted. I suddenly got ill and was rushed to ER and into surgery. It was decided we would wait and car shop when I mended. Imagine my surprise when he picked me up in my new red car!
Emma was six months pregnant. A drunk driver hit her car one day and injured her belly. Emma was rushed to the hospital. There, a team of surgeons operated on her quickly. They tried valiantly, but Emma miscarried her baby.
Ava wanted to roast beef for dinner. But the butcher shops were all out of beef. Ava drove to the next town over. There she found a great roast of beef. Ava took it home and cooked it up for dinner.
Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods. The woods aren't dense and are right behind her house. She thought she couldn't get lost but she was wrong. She wandered for almost an hour until she heard her dad's voice. Lauren shouted and soon her dad came running to rescue her!
I read a book that told me how to find out if my dog was smart. I hid a bone under the mat to see if he could find it. The book said a smart dog would be able to find the bone. My dog tore the mat up into shreds. I suppose that means my dog is smart.
A man greeted me in school. Although he was trying to talk to me, he spoke in a different language Since I couldn't understand what he's saying, I felt confused. However, I showed a map to him. He pointed to where he needed to go and I showed him some direction.
Bruce is on vacation. He rents a beach house. He has such an amazing time he wonders if it's for sale. He calls the owner and asks if he can buy it. The owner sells Bruce the beach house.
I was riding my bike to my friends house. Suddenly, I felt a pop and my bike stopped working. I took the bike home and checked out the problem. I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire. I went home and fixed my bike and went for a ride.
I went camping with my Dad the other day. We went deep in the woods, and I was pretty scared. But my dad started a fire and he made me some s'mores. I ended up having a really good time. I can really count on my dad to have a good time.
Katie once found an egg in an abandoned bird's nest. All of the other eggs had hatched so she figured it was a dud. She brought it home and kept it in her room on display. Two days later it suddenly hatched! She kept the bird until it was good enough to be on its own.
Ken took a small piece of paper and crumbled it. He tried to aim the paper at his friend using a rubber band. When he fired it, it attacked the teacher. He got hit in the high. The teacher gave him detention.
The neighbors treated the squirrel as if it was a pet. They fed it each day and talked to it when they were outside. One day, Dan let his dog out in the back yard. He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was. Dan's dog was running with a squirrel tail hanging from his mouth.
Harry had a hobby. This hobby was racing with speed. This hobby proved to be very dangerous. Harry raced and hit a tree. Now crippled Harry wished he only took heed.
Last week I ordered DJ Herb Kent the kool gents autobiography. I planned to make time to read the book one day soon. I finished reading Mr Kent's autobiography last Friday October 20 2016. DJ Herb Kent the cool gent died last Sunday October 23 2016. I am so glad I read Herb Kent kool gent book while he was still alive.
Dixie loved to cook. Her speciality was spaghetti. One night she forgot the garlic powder. Luckily her spaghetti still turned out great. Everyone praised her recipe.
Sam never drank much milk. For his birthday he got an ice cream cake. He loved the flavor and ate a lot of it. Sam got sick a few hours after. He realized he had an allergic reaction.
Candy got a job at a local fast food joint. However, the job made her feel very stressed out and sad. She put in applications for a new, different job. She was called in for an interview at an animal shelter. Cindy got the job and felt happier working with animals.
Liam acted like he had done nothing wrong. He looked down at the broken lamp at his feet. His mom told him he would have to pay for what he'd done. Liam insisted it was the dog who had broken the lamp. His mother then heard a noise behind her and saw the dog break a chair.
Bob was moving into an apartment. He was a musician by trade with a lot of equipment. It broke Bob's heart to sell it, but that's what he tried to do. When no one was interested in his old amps, he donated them. Bob felt very sad not to have his musical gear any more.
Domino's pizza was one of the first pizza chains I remembered. As a kid I begged my parents to order pizza from them. They gave in to my desire and ordered the food. For twenty minutes all I could think of was my delicious meal. When the doorbell rang I sprang to see who was there.
Buddy loves attending school because of his friends and the fun games. Buddy was happy to play outside in the morning. Lunch was delicious and Buddy ate with his friends. Before school was over Buddy practiced his math skills. Buddy fell asleep on his way home after school because he was tired.
We have a holiday lunch at work every year. They set up a bunch of tables and have a nice spread. We talk about some of our accomplishments. We also focus on our plans for the future. It is a wonderful time and everyone enjoys it.
Richard was visiting his grandfather. It had been awhile since Richard last saw his grandfather. Richard rang the doorbell when he arrived. He gave a big hug to his grandfather. Afterwards they had a great time bonding with each other.
When it was 3 o'clock, I went outside. The mailman reached in front of my house. He had a very big package. When I opened it, I was shocked. It was a birthday present for me.
Jake had recently started playing the guitar. He sounded really bad when he first tried to play. He practiced everyday after school. He eventually got better and better. Jake eventually got good enough to win the talent show at his school.
David rarely watered his lawn. So his wife pushed him into watering it. It was a hot day. And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour. But the next day, it rained.
She watched him hurt himself helplessly. She begged him to stop but he wouldn't. She was beginning to fear for her own life. She didn't know what to do. She crept out of the room when he fell asleep.
Jim Bob heard a loud snapping sound. He ran out to the backyard where he'd set a trap. A huge jackrabbit was caught, struggling to get out of it. Jim Bob stomped on its neck, breaking it. He wears one of its feet in memory of the delicious stew it made.
Ron went to the bathroom. When he was done he began walking back to class. People started to snicker at him. He wasn't sure why. Then, he realized that there was toilet paper stuck in his waistband.
Hannah felt sick today and she didn't eat lunch at school. Brad finished his entire plate and asked around for food. He approached Hannah and asked if she can buy food for him. Hannah looked at him with a mean face. She walked away.
Tina was knitting. She had a new set of needles that she wanted to test out. She knit a whole blanket in an hour. Tina decided her new needles were really great! She couldn't wait to see what she could knit with them.
Sadie was looking for some yogurt. As she dug through her fridge she noticed liquid. It was spilled milk all over everything. She realized that her milk was leaking. She took it out and put it into a better container.
Syracuse played Virginia in basketball on Sunday. Virginia was a number one seed and favored to win the game. They were up 15 points with 10 minutes left in the game. Syracuse changed their strategy and mounted a furious comeback. They outscored Virginia 25-4 to end the game and win.
Alex was in 8th grade. He hated school and struggled with math. One day his mom sat down with him to help with some math problems. With his mom's help Alex was able to figure out the math problems. He learned so much he aced the next test.
Tim had many goals for the summer. He would clean his whole house. He would also learn how to skate. However, he didn't have time to complete any goals this summer. He decided he would complete them in the fall.
Peapod recently redesigned its website. I made up an order. My wife went to update it. She had trouble finding the new links in the website. She gave Peapod negative feedback.
Brandon wanted to develop more muscles. He started a very strenuous regime. He worked out two hours a day every day. And when his muscles started to show, he was proud. He didn't like that he had to change his whole wardrobe though.
Dozens of people saw several rats in and around the mall food court. The food court had to temporarily close. The mall lost thousands of dollars because of the closure. Exterminators were called to eliminate the pests. Business eventually recovered after the rats were taken care of.
My wife and I went to look at buying a car. By the time we got to the dealer the car had been sold. There was a minivan in the showroom we test drove. My wife bet me I couldn't hot rod this one. Three weeks later I installed a ram air kit and new exhaust.
Once I was picking apples in the orchard by my house. I was very careful to inspect each Apple as I picked. As I picked the last Apple, a big and green worm jumped out! I threw the Apple, screamed and ran. I never picked apples again.
I visited a street market in Russia. I found an old camera that I liked and asked for the price. The seller asked for more rubles than what I had. I told him that didn't have enough rubles, only Swedish krona. To my surprise, the seller took the Swedish krona.
Katie and Jose wanted to raise money for the animal shelter. They decided that a lemonade stand in the summer heat would work. They made lemonade and a sign and went outside. Many people were stopping to buy it, they made $50! The next day they took the money to the animal shelter.
Tom knew that chili dogs were unhealthy. But he couldn't resist them when he saw a hot dog stand. He only intended to eat one. But instead he ordered three. When Tom got home, he felt sick.
Tanya is in college. Tanya has a big test tomorrow. Tanya is very nervous about the test. Tanya studied very hard. Tanya hopes to do well on the test.
There was a rumour in town that there was pirate gold under the lake. A diver jumped in one day to look for it. In the lowest part of the lake he found a chest with a lock. He brought it back to the surface to open. The chest was full of rocks so he locked it up and tossed it back in.
Ben needed help feeding his family - he was very poor. One night he went into the woods and laid out traps. In the morning he checked them hopefully. He found that he had captured two rabbits and a deer! Ben was relieved because now his kids would have meat!
A few months ago, my family ran into some financial troubles. We cut our spending as much as possible, but things were still tough. We decided we would have to move somewhere that was less expensive. I notified the landlord of the situation and gave our move out notice. Our landlord dropped our rent considerably to keep us as tenants.
Ken wanted breakfast. He decided to eat some cereal. When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room. Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon. It was almost a month old and Ken threw it away.
Jack wanted to go on a date with Jessica. They decided to go to a local Italian restaurant. Jessica orders the most expensive things on the menu. Jack can't afford all of this. Jack and Jessica decided to split the bill.
Sandy wanted to know what her husband bought her for her birthday. She started looking around the house. She finally found his hiding place. He had wrapped her present in newspaper. She carefully opened it and took a peek.
One day Davis woke up. His calf was hurting a lot. Davis rushed to the doctors to see what had occurred. The doctor told him that he had sprained it. Davis had to rest for three weeks for it to heal.
Ryan was having trouble falling asleep at night lately. He would lay in bed wide awake for hours. It was affecting his job and performance throughout the day. He started taking Melatonin before bedtime. He started sleeping better immediately.
Ivy was in a long distance relationship. She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful. On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place. Ivy traveled and was very surprised when arrived at her destination. She knocked on her boyfriends door and was greeted by another woman.
Dan was at the family picnic. There was lots of watermelon. Damn ate until it was gone. Then Dan was sad. However it turns out his father saved him a huge slice.
Tim was driving. He was late for work. He started driving at eighty miles an hour. A cop pulled him over to give him a ticket. He never drove fast again.
Lucy opened the door to the basement. Her grandpa wanted her to come back down to help clean up. Lucy was afraid of mice and had seen one in the basement. Grandpa reminded her the mouse was small and couldn't hurt her. Lucy gathered her courage and went back into the basement.
Beth wanted to get a skin peel at a dermatologist office. The doctor told her the results would be immediate. She waited in the chair with her face burning for 20 minutes. She told the doctor it was burning but he said this was normal. When done Beth was upset to see her face looked like a steak.
Tim's parents weren't too tech savvy. He got them both new smart phones. Neither knew how to use it. They asked Tim for something easier instead. Tim replaced the phones with non smart ones.
Hector was not a safety conscious individual. One night he was wearing many valuables while walking alone. He walked down a dark alley. A thug demanded Hector's valuables. Hector was slow to comply with the demand and was shot.
Sam liked Sally very much, but he was nervous. He'd never been on a date with a girl before. He practiced asking her out over and over. Finally he approached her and asked for his date. To his joy, she eagerly agreed!
Two little girls begged their parents for a kitten. The parents talked it over and decided the girls deserved one. They drove to the local animal shelter. The smaller girl found the kitten she wanted immediately. She sat by the kitten's cage with a big grin on her face.
When Janice touched the table box, it fell on the ground. It couldn't turn on since it was broken. Janice's dad found out and grounded her for a week. He also took all of the money out of her wallet. She couldn't do anything besides sleep.
A geologist dug a deep hole in the ground. He took out a rock from 40 meters under the earth. The rock had many gems in it that he never saw before. The geologist posted the rock online to show to others. He immediately got offers from people to buy it from him.
Ginger's neighborhood was having a block party. She really wanted to go but her parents didn't feel like it. She asked if she could go alone if she promised to be home by dark. Her parents agreed as long as she took her cell phone. Ginger went to the party and had a great time.
Nicholas was assigned a term paper in his economics class. It was on a topic about which he knew very little. Nicholas spent several days doing in-depth research. He wrote a ten page paper. Nicholas learned about a lot about his new topic.
When growing up I had neighbors that I hardly knew about. They invited me to their house. I noticed right away they had a pool. I asked them if we can go swimming and they said sure. I ended up going to their house all the time during the summer.
Michelle liked learning about nutrition. She decided to become a dietician. She went to college and graduate school to achieve her goals. She passed her test to become a registered dietician. Michelle then received her dream job as a dietician.
David was driving down the road. He started to hear a ticking noise. He pulled over to see what it was. The car was almost on fire. He had to call for help.
Aya had a bad flu. She went to see the doctor. He told her she had pneumonia! He gave Aya some medicine. Soon she was feeling much better.
Grant was concerned after meeting his daughter's new boyfriend. To Grant, the guy seemed like kind of a thug. They sit down to chat while Kim was getting ready. Grant soon learned that Vincent was a youth pastor. Grant realized it wasn't fair to prejudge based on first impressions.
Corwin learned to play Hot Cross Buns on the recorder. He practiced and practiced, working to get better. One afternoon, he spent a whole hour playing his music. On Friday, he played the song for his music teacher at school. He was really proud of himself for playing every note perfectly!
Dean groggily climbed into bed for a nap. With the blankets pulled over his head, no one would even see him. Unbeknownst to the napping Dean, his family thought he was lost. The police had just arrived, when Dean walked into the living room. Everyone was relieved Dean had been found safely.
Jude was very tired when he was making his dinner. He boiled some water for pasta. After the pasta was done cooking, he tried to drain the water. He accidentally burned his index finger with the boiling water. Luckily, the pain wasn't bad enough to need medical attention.
At work I'm on my feet all day long. My feet hurt so badly, I needed new work shoes. At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help. I bought the brand she recommended. The new shoes work great and everyone loved them.
Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy. He took her to the local baseball arena and got down on one knee. Candy was shocked. She started to cry. The audience cheered.
Bob had worked at the same job for Years. He was getting tired of the same old thing. One day his boss decided to quit. He offered Bob his old job. Bob accepted it happily!
Ro's dad invited her to play golf. Ro had never played before. She agreed even though it sounded boring. To her surprise, she had a good time golfing with her dad. Ro was glad she had agreed to go.
Kim desperately wanted a kitten. Her mom would not allow any pets. Kim saw a stray outside a hid it inside her shirt. She brought the kitten inside and fed it. Kim kept the kitten for nearly two weeks before her mom found it!
Dan was ready to take a swim in the pool. However, Dan noticed the pool had turned a green color. Dan called the pool company to deal with the issue. The pool company told Dan that algae turned the pool green. Dan was disappointed that he could not swim in the pool.
Kyle was hired by the African tourism board. There was a ferocious lion killing tourists! They wanted Kyle to find it and kill it. So, that's exactly what Kyle did. They even let him make a rug out of its pelt!
Tom wanted to learn the Russian language. Tom took a class at his local community college. Tom watched videos and listened to talks in only Russian. Tom spent a Summer in Russia with Russian-only speaking people. Now Tom is fluent in the Russian language!
There is a such thing as a lucky star. Charles was just a student being tutored at the Sylvan Center. The Sylvan Center's director asked Charles to model for a brochure. Charles agreed and modeled with a famous actor. Next, the actor offered Charles a part in a movie.
A friend of mine gave me a cat for my birthday. She was fully grown and trained. It took her a little time to learn her new home. She is the best cat I have ever seen. We are each other's new best friends.
Tim wanted to challenge himself. He decided to hike the Appalachian trail. It would be months of walking and camping. Within the first few days Tim was really tired and bored. He quit a few days later and went home.
Andy looked forward to his weekly dart game with his co workers. This week they were going to play against a team from another town. Andy was nervous, as this was his first team tournament. However, as the game went on, Andy and his team became more confident. Andy was so happy, because they beat the other team!
Peter loved feeding pigeons in the park. He would buy a whole loaf of bread at the start of a week. And apportion himself a number of slices per day for the week. Then crumble and store the slices. The pigeons came to expect Peter and would follow him around.
Lola and Adam wanted to show off at their wedding. Neither knew how to dance, so they signed up for lessons. In a few weeks they were great at a lot of dances. Sure enough, they wowed the whole audience at their wedding! Everyone loved their impressive dancing!
Susie was an aspiring artist. She tried to get her art published in the art museum. For ten Years she painted and got rejected. She finally decided to draw from her heart, and she published it. The art gallery accepted her painting, and she was very happy.
I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center. I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others. We watched the news seeing the first building on fire. I then saw a airplane fly into the second building. Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying.
Billy and mandy decided to go to the woods. It was exactly midnight and they were scared. They heard a sound coming from a bush. They shined their flashlight at the bush. They sighed in relief as it was just a bunny passing through the bush.
I got my drivers license today. My first trip was to the grocery. A fellow driver did not use his blinker and ran into me. I called the police and filed a report. The other driver had to pay for the damages.
Sara had fallen on some ice. She needed a wheelchair to get around. Her leg had broken and would take months to heal. Sara learned how to wheel around the house. Soon, she was able to get around quite well!
Dan was going to a football game. He wanted a jersey. He knew he shouldn't buy one but wanted one anyway. He decided to splurge. Dan was excited about his purchase for the game.
The friends all liked to invent new recipes. They were mixing and matching candy in their s'mores. Andrea used Reece's and decided it was the best. Her friends all agreed. They all started making their smores with Reese's too.
My daughter played soccer in a neighborhood league at ten. She was on defense. One day a boy tried to score a goal. She slid and kicked the ball away. The coach was excited and said she could play on any of his teams.
Linda got a box in the mail. It was a present from her boyfriend! She ripped it open. It was a beautiful new sweater! Linda called him right away to thank him.
Sam forgot to bring his book bag to class. Although we aren't familiar with each other, he asked me for a pen. I lent it to him. He promised to give the pen back to me at the end of the day. Ironically, he asked if he can borrow another pen during the next day.
Karyn had a fever. Karyn's mom tried to give her medicine. The medicine didn't taste good. Karyn's mom put the medicine in some sugar. Karyn swallowed the medicine and sugar and felt better.
The request from my son's friend led to a picture conversation. They began sharing pictures with each other every day. They wanted each other to see that the other hadn't grown up yet. They smiled when they saw each other every day. It made them both very happy to connect.
Shawn never washed his hands before eating. He never felt like it was necessary. Shawn's job involved a lot of human interaction. One day Shawn picked up a terrible cold from a client. He was sick for days and now he washes his all of the time.
I went swimming with Robin, Nate, and Janet. While we were swimming, I wasn't paying much attention. My uncle playfully grabbed nate by the swim shorts. He accidentally came out of them. When I went underwater, Janet kicked me in the face.
A girl went on a walk with her dad. They went to the park and sat in front of pond. They had a good talk. They fed the birds. This was her favorite time of the week.
The dog always nips at Daddy. She does it when she wants to play. It annoys him, but he puts up with it because he loves her. She rolls all over him and pants a lot. Sometimes he lets her sleep with him.
Jane put on her  riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse. Jane got on her horse and began riding down the trail. Suddenly, Jane's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking. Jan's horse bucked  and Jane was thrown hard to the ground. Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps.
A florist began to make a bouquet of red roses. She needed 4 more roses to complete the bouquet. She went to her inventory and picked the best four. When she completed the bouquet she added a bow. The bouquet was sold to a customer moments later.
Cam was selling toffee candy for his school. He had over twenty boxes that he had to sell. While walking home from school, Cam decided to taste the toffee. One candy led to another, and Cam ended up eating all the candy. Cam's stomach ache made him regret doing such a foolish thing.
Alice has always wanted to be a mother. She meets a man and they fall in love. She tells him she has always wanted a baby. He says he has too. Alice is happy to have a baby.
One day I walked into my house and there was a bad smell. The house smelled like old fish. I looked around the kitchen to see what the smell was. I found an old grilled catfish in the garbage. Once I took out the garbage it was fine.
Sinclair lost his eye in the war. He wore a patch, but underneath he had another surprise. He used his eye socket to hide cocaine. Sinclair was the best drug dealer in Boston for that reason. Until one day he overdosed and died.
I decided to get my license when I turned 18. Never have driven before, I knew I was going to need practice. I read over the driving manual for my state countless times. I also drove night and day for weeks on end. I finally felt prepared with all that practice and aced the test.
Matt brought his dog to the beach. Unfortunately for Matt, his dog wasn't trained very well. His dog growled and barked at all the other dogs at the beach. Matt was annoyed at his dog and decided to leave the beach. He also decided to never bring his dog back to the beach.
Terry loved games. He just had to have the best gaming pc money could buy. So he goes on ebay to look for parts. Terry buys all the parts for his computer. Terry builds the ultimate gaming pc.
Sam was a tough kid. He was walking down the street one night when three men attacked him. He fought back as best he could but lost. They took his wallet and money. But he was never once was afraid to walk down that street again.
Teddy had a nightmare. He woke up and couldn't go back to sleep. Teddy crept into his parents bedroom. He climbed into bed with them. Teddy fell asleep quickly with his parents near him.
Amy was disappointed she didn't get to play in her first game. Her mom was waiting for her when the bus arrived at the school. Her mother could tell she was on the verge of tears. Her mother reminded her it was only the first game She would have plenty of chances to play later.
Carrie thought she had a great singing voice. She decided she would try out for a TV talent show. She went up and sang her heart out in front of the judges. Unfortunately the judges didn't like her, and laughed her off stage. Carrie was so embarrassed that she never sang again.
Ben was cooking burger patties one night. But he didn't have any buns. He decided to eat the patties by themselves. But he was only disappointed. When he opened his freezer to get ice cream, he saw misplaced buns.
When I played softball, we were always getting injured. One game, I got injured before it even started. I ran into the dugout, and slid down the bench to my teammates. The wooden bench was cracked, and a huge splinter went into my leg. I had to go to the emergency room to get it removed.
I went to the store to buy chicken for dinner. When I got home and opened it I realized it was rotten. It was too late to return to the store and I had to order dinner out. The next day I returned it and the store gave me a triple refund. I was happy that the money covered the expense for our dinner out.
Victor was excited for his first trip overseas. He had taken care of his passport. He also had to get a couple of vaccinations. Victor had everything in order. Victor had a great experience.
Tina was very afraid of the dentist. When she had to go, Tina hid and missed her appointment. One day, Tina's mom promised to get her ice cream and balloons. Ice cream was Tina's favorite treat and she loved balloons. Tina was so happy after having ice cream that she went to the dentist.
Chris had a crush on Alexa, so he asked her to coffee. Hew was really nervous when he finally met up with her. He bought them their coffee and they sat down to chat. Suddenly, Chris spilled his coffee all over his pants. He was very embarrassed.
Al stepped into the time machine and pressed the large green button. A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year. Al prayed his plan would work this time. He stood in front of the lighthouse and screamed Anna's name. His mother, Anna, turned away and fell into the sea while Al vanished.
Clara worked hard all summer and saved her money. She knew she needed to buy all her own school supplies. Clara took her list to the mall on the bus. She spent all her money at the mall on school supplies. She began the school year well prepared.
The car dealership was having a contest. Whoever could guess the number of jellybeans in the car would win. I entered my guess. Never did I think I would have a chance. I got a call 2 days later and won a car!
Tom bought a new phone. It had a big screen and was much faster. He ordered a special case for it. Unfortunately Tom dropped it before the case arrived. His new phone broke instantly.
John was bored on his day off. John was looking around his house for something to do. He found a book that looked interesting. John read the book all day. He was no longer bored.
Allison bought her dad a tablet for Christmas. He enjoyed the tablet and played many games on it. One day her dad was trying to plug it into the charger and dropped it. The screen shattered causing the tablet to be inoperable. Allison's dad apologized and together they had the screen replaced.
Kyana was ice skating one afternoon. Suddenly she slid and fell badly. Her ankle broke from twisting under her! Kyana was rushed to the hospital for treatment. There, a doctor had to apply a hard cast to her ankle.
Janelle needed to lose weight. She went on a strict diet plan. It said she couldn't eat any meat or sweets. Janelle was grouchy and hungry. She broke her diet and ate a sundae.
I graduated college. I could not find a job. I had to move back home with my parents. They were glad to have me home. However, I felt disappointed in myself.
The family loved watching tv together. One day, their tv broke! The screen went blank. They decided to buy a new one. They went to Best Buy immediately to replace it.
Wesley was in the Army. He lived on a base. One day he was driving with alcohol in the back. He was kicked out of the army. They said he had an open container of alcohol.
When Jeff spoke to his friends, he pretended to know everything. He said that he knew how to build a canoe with his bare hands. His friends told him if he could do it they would pay him $1000. Jeff was shocked at such a challenge. The friends took this as a sign that he was lying.
Kate was sitting in the backseat. There was something on her neck. She began to roll it in her fingers. She looked at it and found it was a worm. She screamed and threw it out the window.
Mary was a nurse in labor and delivery. One night a very young woman came in with contraptions. Her baby was coming way too early. Mary held the young woman's hand, and helped her through labor. She comforted the woman as her baby breathed its last breath.
I worked really hard to make a Halloween costume. I was going to a part where there was a costume contest. I was sure I would win first place. When I arrived, there were many other great costumes. I did not win, but it was okay.
The coaches gathered for a draft. They were each excited to pick their soccer teams. They tried to get the best players they could. When the draft was over, the coach looked at his roster. He had picked some great players.
A man in Alabama wanted to see what life was like up north. He got in his car and went to the highway. Once he reached New England he did not stop. The man drove all the way to canada. Once he crossed the border he got out and smelled the air.
Sue started working a new job. She had to dress up every day. Her manager explained the dress code. Part of it said no jeans. Sue had to save her jeans for weekends only.
Dale and his friends were leaving the bar. They all called shotgun at the same time. Dale thought it would be a good idea to race to the car for it. Everyone ran as fast as they could. When they got there everyone was out of breath and throwing up.
Mike and his brother herded cattle for a living. They worked long hours on the ranch but they both loved it. One day Mike met a girl who didn't like Mike working all the time. Mike discovered that he loved the girl more than cattle ranching. Mike eventually quit and married the girl he loved.
Bobby's mother was tired of all the time he spent playing video games. One day after school he sat down in front of the tv. His game console was gone! His mother said he had to go outside and play. She told him she would give it back next week.
My dog fell asleep in my lap. He was shaking. I realized he was having a nightmare. I began to stroke his back. That made him calm down and feel safe!
Ally and Jake were siblings. They loved to play videogames together. Although Ally was honest, Jake often cheated. To be able to compete, Ally started cheating. Ally won every game they played.
Jimmy wanted to improve his football skills. Jimmy sought out personal trainers and exercise experts. He began working with them intently. Jimmy got a full ride scholarship to Notre Dame. After a successful career in college Jimmy was drafted into the NFL.
Andy was five minutes from home when he came across a flood barrier. He had been at work all day while it rained on and off. Since it never rains hard enough to do damage, he went around the sign. His car got stuck and he had to call 911 for help. Andy was arrested and charged with disobeying warning signs.
Kurt's jawbone cracked before he fell on the floor. When he came back to, three hundred people were looking at him. He stood back up, hands at the ready. He punched his adversary hard in the belly. The man fell so Kurt won the boxing match.
There once was a zoo with an ugly bear. The bear was so ugly that it drove people away from the zoo. The zookeepers knew they had to do something. They all got together, sedated the bear, and gave it a makeover. Then, the bear was beautiful and everyone was happy!
Jim has been looking for a new job. He always goes on job boards online. Finally, mcdonald's called him for an interview. He came in to the interview, nervous and scared. He ended up getting the job.
Michael was the ring bearer for his cousin's wedding. He stepped into the big church. He sat quietly in the front row next to the groomsmen. The priest called for the rings, and Michael handed the rings over. The bride and groom smiled and thanked Michael for a job well done.
The tree was blocking the door to the shed. It made the door very difficult to open. The tree was old and large and shaded the house and yard. The homeowner told her friend she would pay to get rid of the tree. The homeowner came home to find that her friend had cut down the tree.
Zoe loves to lay by the pool. She had just gotten a new swimsuit. She decided to go tan. When she got to the pool, she fell asleep. Zoe is now sunburned.
Laura was completely relaxed lying on the beach. She set up a chair and spread out a blanket. She had been dreaming of this vacation for months. When it was time to leave, Laura was sad. When she got home, she started planning her next trip.
One day the woman got locked in her bedroom. She had to use the bathroom very badly. She jumped out of a second story window. Her arm dragged on the bricks the whole way down. She had to put a bandage on her arm before using the bathroom.
Fred was outside playing with friends. All the sudden he fell and scraped his knee. He started to cry. He hated that is was scraped. He put a bandaid on it and it took days to heal.
Jerry had a basketball game at school. He was going to play with his team against the competition. Jerry felt a bit ill the day before the game. Jerry went to the doctor and was told he had the flu. He decided not to play in the game.
Anette put on a wake for her grandmother. Her grandmother had passed away the previous week. Anette put together a playlist of her grandma's favorite songs. They were all upbeat rock & roll tunes. Anette cried as she danced.
Ken decided to tile the floor in his bathroom. He was sick of his old wooden floor! He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor. He spent all day laying them down. Then he stood back and surveyed his work with pride!
I received a phone call the other day trying to schedule an interview. They left me a message. I tried calling them back. Nobody answered when I called. Hopefully they will call back soon.
Jo was riding a motorcycle with her friend. She was going too fast down the gravel road. She hit a pothole all of a sudden. The motorcycle flipped on the side. Jo hit her head and had a concussion.
George worked the night shift. Work was slow and he got laid off. George applied to find a new job. He found a new job that had a day shift. It took George a couple weeks to adjust his sleeping schedule.
I have been writing a book for a year now. I have been working really hard on it. I tried to work on it for a few hours everyday. It took a lot of work to get done. I finally finished it last week.
Hatch just purchased a new SUV. He's driving it over to his parents to show it off. They're very proud of their son buying a new car. Hatch thanks his parents for always supporting him. Hatch is thankful for his parents support.
The boy got punished for talking back to his mom. He was sent to his room. Later his mom explained to him what he did wrong. The boy apologized for talking back to her. His mom let him go play since he apologized to her.
We live in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Our street is fairly busy. Sometimes I hear beeping. Today I found it was because cars try to pull into traffic too soon. The oncoming cars beep angrily.
Stewart loved broccoli. He grew it in his garden all the time. A whole meal of broccoli would be great in his opinion. One day he did just that, a whole meal of broccoli. Stewart was happy that day.
Brian was fascinated by astronomy. This started when got a telescope for christmas as a young boy. He studied hard so that he could work in the space industry. After many years of hard work, Brian managed to get a job at NASA. Soon after, he was selected as possible candidate for manning the ISS.
Ten Tenten was an engineer. He drew up plans to build a machine to help the disabled. The army took notice, and gave him a contract. He worked tirelessly to complete it under their deadline. Now his machine makes war in other countries.
Ron was considered the best basketball player in his team. Although he wasn't the tallest, he could still dunk really well. One match, he dunked the ball over a man 12 inches bigger than him. He was always asked how he did this. He claimed that he was distantly related to Spud Webb.
Janice just bought a new Jeep. She was excited to go exploring off road. She hasn't taken it yet because of bad weather and timing. She's hoping this weekend will be when she finally does. She says that every weekend
Lucy's grandma was showing her pictures from her childhood. Lucy was having a good time laughing at herself. Her grandmother showed her a picture of Lucy wearing makeup. Lucy had applied the makeup herself and looked like a clown. The women laughed at Lucy's attempt to look grown.
Lisa was on the school's dance team. The team was going to a national competition. The team needed to raise money to go to the competition. Lisa and the team decided to have a car wash. The girls raised enough money to go to the competition.
Brad checked his mailbox. He found an envelope with an intricate design. He opened the envelope. He read the letter. It was an invitation for his best friend's wedding!
Mister Smith had a peach tree in his backyard. Chad was eight, and lived in the house behind mister Smith's. Chad would pick peaches off the tree, then throw them into the street. His mother caught him doing this, and yelled at young Chad. Mister Smith felt sorry for him, and baked a peach pie for Chad.
My daughter went to a baby shower two weeks ago. She lives in New York, while the shower was in California. She took a flight on Saturday. She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night. She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in California.
Eric missed his childhood. So when he walked by a playground, was tempted to play. He went on on the swings and used the jungle gym. But many parents were uncomfortable with his behavior. Eric ended up leaving the playground in shame.
Mitch rented a moving van to move his stuff to his new house. He spent all morning putting his things in it. By noon it was nearly full. Mitch had to tie things to the roof. He got all in but it was a tight fit.
Bill had a dog named Charlie. Charlie and Bill liked to play frisbee. They went to the park and Bill threw the frisbee as hard as he could. Charlie ran and jumped into the sky. Charlie caught the frisbee and brought it back to Bill.
Petra came from an undeveloped country. She had never used the internet. When she saw a computer she thought it was evil. The people around her reassured her. Now she has her own website.
A world renowned jewel thief had his eye on a new piece. The piece was put under the best security in the world. On his attempt to steal the piece a janitor walked by and saw him. After convincing the janitor to work with him the two stole the piece. After selling the piece the janitor turned the thief in and ran away.
Rob needed to bake a cake for someone's birthday. But it was too hot to turn on his oven. So he planned to bake the cake late at night. But he had trouble staying awake. When he woke up, he realized he never baked the cake.
When Tim wanted to repaint his shed, he bought three gallons of paint. He realized that he bought too much paint and tried to return one. The store clerk would not accept the paint without a receipt. Tim got angry at this request and walked out of the store. He used the paint to write a nasty message to the clerk on the road.
Stephanie woke up very hungry. She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast. She mixed all of the ingredients. Stephanie ate the oatmeal very quickly. She felt full until lunch time.
Dwayne was sad his grandma had died. He got a call that her insurance policy was payable to him. It was a million dollars! Dwayne was still sad, but he was also happy about the money. Dwayne decided to spend the money doing things she would approve of.
Carla's old Doctor switched practices and she needed to get a new one. She was therefore scheduled with dr Pratt. Carla walked into the doctor's office. To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious. She liked her a lot.
Rob had a math test. He was not very good at math, or tests. He also had not studied at all. Rob tried his best but thought he did poorly. A week later, the results came that he had failed.
I was shopping on eBay and bought a chess set. It cost $38. I received it from Amazon, who was selling it for $31. I found out the seller drop shipped the item, and made $7. I told the seller this was considered an unethical practice on Amazon.
Tony took his son to the toy store. His son wanted an expensive toy. Tony told the boy he couldn't have it. His son began having a tantrum. Tony took his son out the son without buying him anything.
Jason went swimming at the neighborhood pool. He was throwing his splash ball across to a friend. The lifeguard warned him not to throw it so hard. He threw it hard and hit a little girl in the face. He was kicked out of the pool for the rest of the day.
Jake dropped his laptop. It shattered in half. He decided to buy a new one. He could not afford it. He had to save until he could and he did not know when that would be.
The stapler broke today. I didn't know how to fix it. I asked someone to fix it. They put new staples in the stapler. The stapler was fixed.
My grandmother and I used to go to the park for picnics. She would always bring my favorite kind of pastry. One picnic, she forgot the pastries, and thought I would be upset. I told my grandmother that wasn't important. The important part was just spending time with her.
Laura was looking at her mother's old pictures. She barely recognized her mother. Laura's mother had gained a lot of weight. Laura's mother looked at the pictures. She decided to go on a diet.
The man listened to the radio in his car. The signal became weak. He tried to find another station. He could not find a station he liked. He turned off the radio in his car.
Perez enjoyed playing soccer every day. One day when playing, broke his leg. The doctor said he could not play soccer for many months. After his leg healed, Perez was able to play soccer. Now, Perez plays soccer in a much more safe way.
When Niki was seven her parents got her a puppy named Bumper. One day, while Nikki was at school, Bumper escaped their yard! Niki's mom looked everywhere for Bumper. Her mom had to leave to go to the school to pick up Niki. When she got there, Niki and Bumper were waiting at the curb!
We got some new chickens. We found out that chickens like blueberries. We wanted our chickens to eat the berries at the bottom of the plants. As we watched, we saw them jump about 18 inches to get berries! We decided to put a fence around our blueberry bushes.
Maggie was a pregnant lady. One morning she was trying to brush her teeth. No matter what she did, the toothbrush made her gag. The more she tried the more nausea she felt. She eventually gave up and just used mouthwash.
Tom was taking driver's ed. He had never used a car before. Tom was nervous and did poorly at first. After some practice he started feeling more comfortable. Eventually he passed the test with good grades.
Harold was sensitive to pork. He went eat at a friend's house. His friend served pork for supper. Harold ate a decent serving of the food. He was sick all night.
Anna had always wanted a dog. She begged her parents to allow it. Finally they gave in. Anna was so happy! She was thrilled to receive her new pet dog.
my friend, introduced me to a lady who is very sweet, but not bright. her name was tammy, she lived with her husband and 2 grown kids. well her son is extremely messed up, he lives there uninvited. well several times the police were called to remove him. the only problem is the cops won't and the kid keeps destroying things
Ana wanted purple hair for Halloween. Her mom said she was too young to use real dye. She bought Ana a packet of grape drink mix instead. Then she helped Ana dye her hair in the bathroom. To Ana's delight, the purple color was very vivid!
Kim was sad when she heard she needed glasses. She thought the other kids would mock her. But she got a surprise. When she wore them, no one said anything! Kim was very relieved.
Miss Ruth had an enemy in the neighborhood. No one knew who it was but every day someone put dog poop on her porch. My Dad tried to set up a surveillance system to catch the culprit. All he ever got was blank film. Until one day he caught our dog leaving a present on the porch.
Dave lost his wallet but had a trip to see his father that day. Dave knew that he only had $100 in his pocket and couldn't fly. He looked at renting a car, but his license was in his wallet. Just then he saw a sign that said 85 dollars by bus to anywhere! Jim hopped on the next bus and even had enough leftover for lunch!
Muhammad was decorating his house for Christmas. He plugged in all the family christmas lights. Then he noticed the lights flickering. The christmas tree exploded with a flash of sparks. He had caused a power surge.
Kyle sat at his desk answering calls. But he was too loud and short-tempered on one call. His manager walked over to Kyle's desk. Next, his manager shouts, is that beer you're drinking? Kyle says, no, it's lemonade man!
Sam was sleeping on a Saturday morning. He didn't have any work that day. The sun was shining bright through his window. Sam got up to shut the curtains. He went back to sleep.
Matt was hanging out with friends. They had boxing gloves around. Matt decided to have a friendly competition. It soon turned serious. Matt wound up getting into a real fight with his friends.
I was tired of being robbed, beaten and afraid when I was kid. I talked to my family about it and they said be strong. I spoke with my teacher and she said everyone goes through this. I registered and completed self defense karate classes. Now I am not afraid of the bullies that used to bully me.
It all started with itchy ears. Then there was a fever and swollen glands. By the time Kay got her dog to the vet Pogo was really sick. The vet said that Pogo had an ear infection and gave him antibiotics. Poor Pogo was sick for nearly a week.
I stopped my car at the traffic light. In the next lane, a man was revving his engine. He was challenging me to a race. I agreed to the race. Alas, he crashed his car and I realized street racing is bad.
Sam was playing football. It was the championship. Sam was the quarterback. He threw a game ending interception. The team supported him after the game anyway.
The doctor wheeled her back to her room. Her feet kept hitting doorways. He apologized and teased her for being too long. He immediately hit another doorway. He told her to call in advance next time so he could order longer beds.
Joe was on the bus. He was going to his seat. He then saw and old man who needed a seat. Joe knew what to do. He let the old man sit in the seat.
Tabitha had twenty dollars to buy food for a week. She needed to be thrifty so she planned carefully. In the store, she looked at all of the sales. With some thinking she managed to pick up a good amount. Luckily the food lasted her the whole week.
Martha got up for work one morning. As she began to drive, her radio warned of a flash flood. She was forced to turn around, just as the weather got harsh. Martha barely made it home during the rainstorm and she missed work. The flooding destroyed a lot of property, but Martha was safe.
John was a grumpy old man. He always sat on his porch and yelled at the neighborhood kids. One day a young child came into his yard and asked why he was so mean. John threw a basketball at the kid's head. No one ever came in John's yard again.
Britney always loved to perform. As a child she would put on shows for her family in her living room. When Britney got older she decided to go to school for acting. After receiving her BFA in Acting Britney moved to the big apple. Now Britney is living her dream of pursuing an acting career in NYC.
Ed wasn't paying attention to where he was walking. He was too busy looking at a game on his phone. He bumped into a pole and his phone went flying. The screen cracked as it hit the sidewalk. He had to pay $50 to get the screen fixed.
My brother's brother in law, Tim, is crippled from polio. Tim is estranged from his brother Charlie. Tim lives in an apartment above Charlie. One day Tim asked my brother to drive him to  an auto parts store. Tim needed to get a part, but refused to ask his own brother.
Desmond started taking piano lessons weekly. His parents urged him to select an instrument and that was his choice. Desmond's piano-playing slowly improved. Eventually it was time for him to give a recital. Desmond was glad that he had picked such an impressive instrument.
Terrance is playing outside with his son. They are playing catch. Moments later a car drives by. The driver of the car shoots at Terrence's son. Terrance takes the bullet for his son and dies.
My hobby is taking selfies with people from various faiths. I came across some Amish, who do not pose. They were sitting in a train station lobby. I stood in front of them and had my son snap a photo. The Amish were unaware of what I did.
Jake just turned 18. He told her parents he was going to get a tattoo. They warned him not to. Always the prankster, Jake got a temporary tattoo. His mother almost fainted, thinking it was real.
Brian wanted to go on vacation. He started saving extra money here and there. Soon he had several hundred dollars. He and his wife booked tickets for Florida. They had a great time on their vacation!
Tina was taking a shower. But suddenly, the hot water turned off. She had no choice but to use cold water. After she got out of the shower, she heard a knock at the door. She got a letter that said she was months late on her heating bill.
Sasha was home alone one evening so she called her boyfriend. He offered to come over and she wanted to make the night romantic. She decided to drape a pink sheet over a lamp for some ambiance. Unfortunately, a fire quickly broke out. Luckily her boyfriend arrived and helped her put it out.
Jimmy was growing out his hair. He wanted to get dreadlocks. He weaved his hair into dreads. He maintained his hair for months. After a year he had long, healthy dreadlocks.
Sally decided to get a haircut. She went to the stylist and got her cut. She was upset when she realized the stylist cut it way too short. The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair. She waited for months for her hair to grow back out.
Two brothers saw a painted turtle crossing the street. They caught the turtle and brought it home. The kept the turtle in a large box. They left the box with the turtle outside one night. In the morning the turtle was gone.
The racers were approaching the 200th lap. Most of the cars were starting to smoke. Rudy caught the lead. In order to remain in the lead, he skipped the next pit stop. Before he got to the finish line, the car turned off.
When I was a kid I built an igloo in the snow. I played in my igloo all day. My mom noticed I was missing. She became concerned that I was lost. Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved.
For halloween last year I had no idea what I wanted to be. So I went to the halloween store to look at costumes. I saw a lot of funny masks and tried them all on. They were all so great I didn't know which one to pick. Eventually I decided to pick a funny cat mask, which I loved.
Sally was a serious shopper and always has coupons. Once, when she was about to check out, she was missing her coupons. She was at a store she visited every week, and the manager knew her. Since Sally had always been nice, the manager gave her a discount. Sally was so appreciative that she then shopped there twice as much.
Tim wanted to lose weight. He tried eating healthy foods. It did not work. He decided to do 100 push-ups a day. After that he lost 20 pounds in a month.
The stranger walked into town with a hatchet on his belt. He walked straight to the central bank. The man said nothing as he walked to a teller. The bank teller asked for his account information. The stranger slammed his hatchet on the table in response.
Jake loved to fish but usually just at lakes. He got invited by his neighbor to go deep sea fishing. Jake leaped at the chance and got his gear ready. He was very excited when they got the fishing spot. Jake wound up catching a big tuna that day and was very happy.
Kate's co-worker was quitting in 4 days. And she had not been doing any work for a week. Kate's boss insisted the co-worker leave early. The girl left the job in tears. Kate felt bad since she knew no one deserved that type of treatment.
It was Sam's birthday and his friends were preparing a surprise party. When Sam arrived home everyone popped out and celebrated! There was cake, cookies, and all of his favorite foods. All of his friends from school brought him tons of presents. Sam was very happy that everyone gave him this surprise party.
Sally loves to cook for her family. Every day while they are at school and work she preps for dinner. She always makes something special for birthdays. She doesn't like to make desserts though. Everyone adores her and loves her cooking.
Tom was excited for a new game coming out. He made sure to pre-order it. The game was terrible. Tom was severely disappointed. He never pre ordered another game again.
Halloween is their favorite holiday. They have had their costumes picked out since the last halloween. The day is finally here. They have decided to wear three different outfits. They have a good time with their friends in Salem MA.
The man ordered an ice cream cone. He didn't realize that it was soft serve. He was disappointed when the waiter brought it. He ate it anyways. It had a disappointing texture.
Brandon owned a large herd of cattle. One day a man offered him $500 per cow! Brandon accepted the wonderful offer. The man paid Brandon nearly $100,000 dollars! Brandon bought himself a nice car to drive home that day.
Jaiden was nervous about moving to a new home. He thought about all the friends he would miss. On the day of the big move, Jaiden saw many children playing outside. The children immediately invited Jaden to play with them. Jaiden played into the afternoon, and felt his nervousness slip away.
Mark wants to move to a new house. His wife Danielle does not want to move. Mark convinces her to look at a couple new houses. She does not see any that she likes. Danielle refuses to move.
Kinsey's eyesight was poor. She got some glasses from her eye doctor. Everything looked so clear! She went home and read a book easily. Kinsey loved being able to see.
The night had gotten cold. Kelly piled blankets on top of herself. She started to warm up. A huge gust of wind blew through the drafty windows. Kelly grabbed another quilt to add to the pile.
Tom was a fitness fanatic. He exercised daily and preferred bodyweight exercises. He was at the park and he saw a man doing bodyweight exercises. The man showed him a better way to do calisthenics. Tom was pleased to add a new exercise to his repertoire.
A brother and sister liked throwing golf balls on the roof. They liked watching the golf balls roll down the roof. One day they missed the roof. They were too scared to tell their parents what happened. They have kept the secret to this day.
Margaret went for a walk. She didn't see any wildlife. She assumed it was because of the coal power plant. Her husband said pollution didn't work like that. Margaret started a petition to ban the power plant.
Renee had raised her boys in violence and drugs. They grew up to become just like her. They were hiding drugs in their house. One day they got busted. They all were taken to jail.
Alex's alarm didn't go off as it should have. She awoke when she heard her sister in the bathroom. She was very relieved that her noisy sister had awoken her. She got up and dressed for school. Alex arrived just as the school bell rang.
The Smith family had a black lab that liked to dig holes. The dog dug a hole under the fence escaping. The family searched and searched for the dog. Finally they found her at the county dog pound. After paying a fee, they were able to take her home.
Jerry loved seeing animals at the zoo. His favorite was the giraffe. He watched them graze on the grass. The walked through the brush and nibbled on the trees. He watched them until they were out of sight.
Ron was tired from work. He decided to take a quick nap. By the time he woke up the sun had gone down. Ron was still tired. He decided to keep sleeping through the night.
Tom went to the store and bought a phone. He was very excited and began to run home. He ran too fast and dropped his phone. His phone screen had cracked. He picked the phone up and walked home sadly.
Tim was at home. Suddenly the lights went out. The room was dark. Tim remembered he didn't pay the electric bill. He pulled out his cellphone and paid the bill.
Howard got lost in the woods. His phone and flashlight died. He kept searching for hours. He ended up having to sleep in the woods. He left it the next day.
I gave a ride to a friend the other day. I realized that my car was low on gas. I figured I could make it without getting gas. As I dropped them off, the gas light went on. Luckily, I barely made it to a nearby gas station.
Jill is pregnant. She gets a craving for pickles and ice cream at 2AM. So she wakes up her husband and sends him out to get both. He drives all the way to the store and back. When he returns with the items she is asleep again.
One day my friends and I were playing a soccer match. I'm not good at soccer but very passionate when playing. I got too excited and kicked someone's leg instead of the ball. For the next week I walked with a limp because my toe was jammed. I decided to be more careful in the future.
John was at home. He was too lazy to cook today. He decided to order something for dinner. He called his favorite Chinese restaurant. He ate Chinese food thirty minutes later.
Katie felt like chicken for lunch. On her lunch break, she left to go to a restaurant. Katie was walking across the lot when a fish hit her on her head. Experts said a sea gull probably dropped the fish while it was flying. Katie thought it was funny until her neck started to hurt.
Everybody always told Craig that he was too skinny. Craig tried to lift weights but he did not gain any weight. Eventually, Craig heard about combining protein and weightlifting. Craig started lifting weights and eating a lot of protein in his diet. Craig soon gained lean muscle mass and looked very healthy.
A friend called me to tell me she was coming to visit my city. We made plans to eat at a nice restaurant. My friend and I arrived at the fancy restaurant. The staff told us there was an hour wait for a table. We went to McDonald's instead.
David joined the football team to make friends. He fumbled the ball during an important game. The teammates made fun of David. David felt excluded from the team. David quit the football team the next week.
Tina went to a birthday party. At the party, there was a great variety of snacks. She ate several helpings of her favorite kind of chips. When she got home, her stomach hurt terribly. She realized it was a bad idea to eat so many chips.
Craig was very good at playing guitar. He practiced everyday. His guitar got stolen from his house. He couldn't afford to buy a new one. His life was never the same without his guitar.
Cindy got a new job. And she complained about it on her Facebook. Her employer found the Facebook posts. And Cindy was fired the next day. Cindy got another job but never publicly posted about it.
Lis was a great football player. She knew the sport like the back of her hand. She wanted to play on her school's team. Lis was worried they wouldn't accept her. She tried out anyway and became the first girl on the team.
Jeremy had just finished his homework. He left it on the coffee table. Then he went to get a drink. When he came back he saw that his dog had literally eaten it. He told his teacher but she didn't believe him.
Tom was parking his car in the garage. He was careless in doing so. Tom accidentally hit the gas instead of the brake. The car went straight into the living room. Tom had to spend thousands to fix the damage.
Jasmine had homework to do. She did not have a pencil. She looked around the room for one. The room did not have a pencil. Jasmine decided not to do her homework.
Perez was experiencing a lot of pain in his cheek. He rushed to the doctors to see what the pain was about. The doctor said it was temporary. Perez was unable to eat for one day. After that, Perez's cheek was fully healed.
Lana was at the lake with friends. All of her friends wanted to jump off a cliff. Lana went up with them and watched them all jump. When it was her turn, she started to feel scared. Her friends promised it would be okay, so she finally jumped.
Amanda had lost her phone. She asked her parents, but they hadn't seen it. She decided to try searching for it. She checked every room in her house. She finally found it under her bed!
I needed some excitement in my life. I took a random drive down a road I had never traveled. I found a strange carnival. I ate food and rode on the rides. I was so happy that I stopped at this wonderful place.
The last customer in the canoe shop came 4 minutes before close. He was looking for a canoe paddle with a red handle. The shopkeeper did not have such a paddle so he offered a brown one. The customer refused this offer and demanded that the clerk look more. The clerk aggressively swung the paddle at the customer and he ran out.
Ben and Joe loved the summer. They were neighbors since they were kids and became friends. Every summer they would play from dusk until dawn. As the boys turned into men, they never lost touch. The friends always get together at some point during the summer.
Nick was sitting at the pool. The sun was shining down over him. He became uncomfortable under the heat. He decided to jump into the pool. The water brought him great relief from the heat.
Yesterday I was cleaning up after a party. Accidentally I spilled some wine on the table. The wine went everywhere. I tried getting out but it was stained. I felt terrible.
Erin was working hard on an essay for school. When Erin finished his essay, he tried to print it. While it printed, the paper jammed and ruined the essay. Erin was forced to drive to the library in order to print. Erin was late to class but he turned in his essay on time.
Me and my father went for a swim in the lake. We swam all day long and had a fun time. I was running on the beach. I stepped on glass. I ended up cutting my foot wide open.
Annie needed to take care of some bills. The bill offices were on opposite ends of town and she was on foot. She was okay at first, enjoying the walk. Soon though she felt worn out and sore. When she finally got back home her legs were throbbing.
I played in a fantasy baseball league this year with some friends. I have never played fantasy baseball before, only football. My friends all thought that I was going to lose because I was new. I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though. I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars.
Today I bought a new bunny. The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard. The bunny found my garden and ate most of the flowers. I decided to put a fence around my flowers. The bunny can no longer eat all of my flowers.
Preston wanted to buy a house closer to his parents. He found a job near them but still needed to find a house. He talked to his Realtor friend and they started looking. Ater he found the house he move closer to his parents. His parents were so happy he moved closer.
Emma was skiing for the first time. She was a bit unsteady but she could do alright. Suddenly, she lost control going down the hill. She swerved to the side and crashed into a tree. Someone came to help her and she was okay.
Nathan was nervous. He'd never ridden on the subway before. He bought a token and walked through the gate. He got on the subway and it started to move. He instantly realized he was on the wrong one!
I recently wrote a story. I wrote this story for mturk. The story was called New Kitten. It was about a family getting a new kitten. I really liked that story because it ended well.
Lee was a twin. As a child Lee despised being a twin. He didn't like sharing everything with his identical brother. Lee longed to have his own identity. As he grew he began to explore his personal interest.
Tina was making spaghetti. As she was cooking, she knocked over a bottle of salt. She could knock grab it fast enough. Tina's noodles were very salty. Luckily her family ate them anyway.
The Hubbell family went on a camping trip together. They all decided to sleep in the same tent. Jeff had a hard time sleeping because of his dad's snoring. He put his headphones in and cranked the music up loud. It took a while but eventually Jeff fell asleep listening to music.
Tom was home alone. A storm hit the area. It was really bad and knocked out the power. Tom was really scared. He huddled by candlelight all night.
Jared wanted to help poor child refugees in war-torn countries. He wondered what a little boy could do and decided to make cards. His mom bought paper and envelopes Jared decorated for Christmas. He sold boxes of cards to teachers, friends' parents, and neighbors. With his determination, Jared raised hundreds of dollars for refugees.
I always hated flying. It scared me terribly to the point I avoided it. Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first. It was supposed to calm my nerves. It calmed me too much and I slept through my alarm.
The ringmaster lit the giant metal hoop on fire. Evan revved the engine of his motorcycle. Suddenly, he was speeding towards the hoop. He drove on to the ramp and launched through the air. Evan and his motorcycle sailed straight through the flaming hoop.
I got a new watch. It was a graduation present. I loved it. Then it stopped working. The face rose.
I slowly drove down the lane to the cabin. It had been quite a while since I was last here. I parked and walked onto the porch. I opened the front door. A raccoon ran out of the door, and gave me quite a scare.
Lindsey put some flour into a balloon to make a stress ball. These objects were forbidden in her 2nd grade class. Lindsey brought her homemade stress ball to school anyway. During a lecture, the balloon popped, covering Lindsey in flour. To try and cover it up, she began to lick the flour off her clothes.
Tom had been dating his girlfriend for 1 year. His girlfriend told him she got a new job. She told him the job was 1000 miles away. Tom began crying. They ended the relationship when she moved.
Harry was on a cruise ship for vacation. He was tired from the night before and decided to take a swim. Afterwards he decided to go tanning. All of a sudden a strong wind blew him off the edge of the boat. The coast guard was nearby to rescue him with their boat.
Jack was waiting at a stop light for a while. He noticed there was cars behind him and they were honking. After ten minutes he had enough. He ran the red light and got pulled over by a cop. The cop issued him a 200 dollar ticket.
The campers started a fire. The fire got out of control. The campers escaped from the fire. They told the authorities. The authorities sent a team to put out the fire.
It was one of the worst storms I remember. The power was out for seven days. We had to get up in the middle of the night for the generator. If we didn't, the sump pump wouldn't run and basement would flood. It was one of the worst weeks of my life!
Sarah and Jean were driving home from a far away amusement park. Sarah asked Jean if she wanted to stop and get something to eat. The innocent question swirled around in Jean's overly careful mind. Jean hesitantly decided that they should stay on the freeway. Later, they rear-ended a slow driver who wrongly cut into their lane.
Alexis collected teddy bears. She had about a dozen of them. One day two were stolen. She couldn't figure out who stole them. Finally her brother gave them back.
Ken loves the outdoors and wanted to go hiking. Ken put on his boots and drove to a state park. Ken parked his car and walked up to the top of the mountain. He took off his backpack and drank water at the peak. Ken was happy he made it to the top and then went home.
The gray clouds rolled through the sky. Rain was coming. The kids got out their umbrellas. I put on my galoshes. We all went stomping in puddles.
Tom was eating a hot dog. He accidentally dropped mustard on his shirt. Tom tried his best to clean it. Unfortunately you could still notice it. Tom stopped caring and just went about his day.
We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013. In 2012 the furnace started shutting down. The manager refused to send a technician unless he got several calls. I got together a group of neighbors to call when the heat was off. We moved in 2013 to a heated building.
Lou planned to wait until the weekend to watch a game on his DVR. He avoided conversation at work so he wouldn't hear the score. He was careful to keep the volume down during the sportscast. When the weekend arrived, he sat down to watch the game. Then he glanced at the newspaper with a headline shouting the score.
It was Sarah's first day of college. She arrived on campus and unpacked all her belongings in her dorm. She met her new roommate and she was really friendly. They met other freshmen on campus and ate dinner. Sarah was really excited to be away from her parents!
Cole was driving home from a game one night. He got pulled over for speeding. The officer issued him a ticket for going so fast. Cole had not realized he had been lost in thought while driving. He now sets his cruise control so he won't speed again.
Yanna was out to dinner with her friends. All her friends ended up leaving early and Yanna had to walk home. She had to walk through a bad part of town. She was robbed at gunpoint. Yanna had emotional problems and depression after the attack.
John moved into his new apartment. While unpacking, he smelled something very awful. John looked around for what was causing the smell. He finally found it in the adjacent storage area. It was a dead mouse!
Aaron was hungry. He decided to order a pizza. Aaron ordered a large supreme pizza. Aaron waited for his pizza to arrive. When the pizza arrived, it was cold.
Ora and James really wanted a baby. But after years of trying, they still had no child. Their doctor sadly said they'd never conceive a baby of their own. But then Ora and James thought about adoption. In under a year, they were meeting their beautiful new son from Asia!
Kelly was helping her parents decorate the Christmas tree. It was always her favorite thing to do. When Kelly picked up the ornament it was slippery. It slipped and fell from her hands. It shattered on the floor.
Jack had never been to the opera before. He pulled out his ticket and went inside. He found his seat and waited for the show to begin. Jack was blown away. It was a great show and he was amazed.
In 1988 my wife used our tax refund to get new carpeting. The carpet layers did not move furniture. I hired my sister-in-law to help me move the furniture. The installers were done by 2 PM. The carpet was a nice blue color.
All of Lisa's friends were on the soccer team. Lisa wanted to play on the team too. She practiced all summer. She went to tryouts in the fall. Mary is now on the team with her friends!
Lexi was playing at the park. Her mother told her it was time to leave. Lexi started to cry. Lexi's mother got annoyed. She didn't take Lexi to the park for a month.
Bob's first grade class was asked to share about summer vacations. Bob was ashamed as his family hadn't been able to afford a vacation. He decided to tell a lie to protect himself from embarrassment. However, his classmates saw through his phony story and were angry. Bob learned it's better to be honest even if it feels embarrassing.
Bob walked through his yard and heard a growl. He stopped and looked for the source. Behind a bush a small tiger jumped out. Bob ran inside and shut the door. He called the local zoo and told them he found the missing tiger.
Little Ella was a huge fan of dinosaurs. She wanted to be a Paleontologist. Her kindergarten class was taking a trip to see mechanical dinosaurs. When she got there, Ella was terrified of the fake dinosaurs. Ella decided she doesn't want to be a Paleontologist.
Jim likes to go camping. Jim was camping in the woods and was getting ready for bed. He was sleeping in his tent when he heard a loud noise. Jim peaked outside the tent and saw a bear in his camp. Jim screamed loudly, the bear ran away.
Diane did not like her current weight. She felt she needed a diet plan that would do the work for her. She picked a plan that sent all the food each week. She stuck to the plan for a month and never cheated. That month, Diane lost twelve pounds.
Abbey and her family were on a trip. The hotel they stayed at had a pool. One night her dad took her swimming in the pool. They swam for an hour. Then, they went to bed.
Tim and his team were in a soccer tournament. The score was tied. The other team scored on them. Tim ran the ball back to the enemy's goal. He missed and lost the game.
Tom was hungry. His wife was on her way from home. Tom asked her to pick up some fast food. His wife got some for both of them. Tom was thankful and got full.
Richard and his wife finally got a night out to themselves. First they went to dinner at a fancy restaurant. They ordered sushi and a bottle of wine. After dinner they decided to go out for a few more drinks. They had such a lovely evening out.
Walter needed to buy a new wallet. He went to the store to buy one. When he got his old wallet out, the wallet fell apart. He bought the wallet and placed all his items in the new wallet. This was fortunate that he bought a new wallet when this happened.
Gina needed to get across the playground. She wanted to see her crush, Jamie before recess ended. But there was still quite a distance to cover. She was finally getting close to where he was sitting. Just then the bell rang, and Jamie disappeared into the building.
Julie was a senior in high school with a steady boyfriend. She found out that he had been cheating on her for a while. Julie was absolutely crushed. She didn't know how to pick herself up and be happy. Her mom held her hand and told her how wonderful she is.
Riley was playing laser tag with his friends. He was hiding behind a wall. His plan was to surprise his friend and get some points. Suddenly, his friend came up behind him and shot him. His friend laughed and ran away.
Tony saw a movie he thought was funny. In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies. He got a big net and tried to do it himself. He caught a few and had fun. He just let them go right after and kept the memories only.
A couple of weeks ago I got sick. At the same time my husband started working 6-day weeks. The dishes just piled up and piled up. Now I'm feeling better and his hours are fewer. But the kitchen is so scary we don't have the will to catch up.
Howard did not want to go to school. He tried to fake being sick to his mom. He pretended coughed but his mom didn't buy it. SHe got mad and him and dragged him out. He had to go to school.
My cousin's son got married in December. Her mother and others attended the wedding. Her mom Lee was still grieving for her husband. I touched Lee's hand and said the Chinese are strong. She broke down into tears.
Aaron was a very sweet and funny boy. At school he always joked around and made others laugh. His teacher and friends could always count on him to brighten the day. One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad. Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back.
The old house had some beautiful features. The bedroom had a large window seat. The owner liked to sit in the window seat and watch the neighborhood. One day, she saw an old woman stop and stare at the home. She realized it was the previous owner.
John and Eddie took the avenue, heading to their school. They saw an old man with a scraggly beard and beat-up clothes. Eddie made fun of him, and eventually John joined in. They were still laughing when they got to school. Sister Mary introduced the old man as their new art teacher.
My mom sewed me a dress for the dance. We went to the fabric store. We picked out a pattern and bought the fabric. I helped her cut the fabric. She sewed the dress together with her sewing machine.
Wanda used to be vehemently against ad blockers. She argued that they robbed websites of their revenue. Yesterday, she found out her computer was slowed down by adware. She promptly installed an ad blocker. Now, she won't go back to not using one.
Tom's printer ran out of ink. He went to the store to buy more. It was really expensive. Tom checked online instead. He got it much cheaper.
Tim convinced Ryan to steal a car for fun. The two boys found a car parked on a dark street. Ryan backed out at the last minute and Tim stole the car on his own. The police caught and arrested Tim later that night. Ryan learned a lesson that night and no longer hangs out with Tim.
Jennifer was a teacher at the local elementary school. One of her students was having trouble in school. Jennifer had a conference with the student's parents. The parents began to work with the students. The student began doing better in school.
Allie went downstairs. It was Christmas morning. She wanted to check her stocking. She saw she had coal. She was so upset.
I went to the store with twenty dollars. I put a lot of items in my cart. When I got to the register, I realized I couldn't afford everything. I had to put a few items back. I was sad to leave the store without all my items.
Travis thought he was a great fisherman. He challenged his friend Stu to see who could catch the bigger fish. They went to the park all afternoon to fish. Travis caught the bigger fish. Stu congratulated him.
Stan was playing poker with his friends. He wasn't having any luck. Stan lost forty dollars. Stan's wife found out he lost all the money. Stan's wife fussed at him.
Joey went to the dentist. He was scared and did not want to take Xrays of his teeth. Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with Joey. When Joey heard the boy and saw he wasn't scared, he took the Xrays Joey was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear
We are supposed to go to the zoo today, but there is rain. We decide to stay inside and play games. I win the first game of memory with my mom. I tell her that I miss the zoo. Maybe tomorrow we can go to the zoo.
My daughter go a new tablet the other day. She had wanted one for a long time. She spent hours on it the first day. She downloaded tons of apps. I had to restrict her time on it by the end of the week.
Jenna came home from school and found a box on the porch. She thought it was strange because she didn't order anything. She thought about the box all night and finally opened it. It was a gift that her parents had ordered for her for Christmas. Jenna immediately regretted her decision to open the box.
Eli came into her boyfriend's room. She placed some dough flour around her brother's hands. Afterwards, she lifted a feather into his nose Before he sneezed, he slapped his head with his hand. The flour sprayed over his entire head.
Lauren's dad was in a new movie out. As a result she was invited to the movie premier. She loved walking the red carpet. At the end of the event she even signed autographs. Lauren had a blast.
Daniel wanted to buy a toy plane, but he didn't have any money. He asked his neighbors if they would pay him to do jobs. Daniel raked leaves for one neighbor, and helped another one garden. After 5 weeks of work he could finally afford his plane. He bought his toy plane, and kept working so he could buy another!
John moved to a new house. He invited Jim over to see the new house. Jim looked impressed with John's new house. John was happy Jim liked the house. Jim was happy for his friend John.
Simon didn't like anyone and no one liked him either. He was mean and liked to hurt little animals. One day, a young boy went to him with a frog. Simon took the frog and was about to hurt it when the boy screamed. Simon was so touched, he put the frog on the ground and left.
Michelle's parents took her to pick out a new puppy. There were six puppies, all attractively clean except for one. He had been rolling on the dusty ground for fun! Michelle liked him and picked him despite his dust-covered fur. After his bath, Michelle gave him his first of many hugs from her.
Chad put up 3 tents. The family then went to sleep. A tornado arrived in the camping area and picked up the tents. Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel. The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel.
Our roof was starting to look a little ragged. The shingles were curling up. We found a roofing company through Thumbtack. The company showed up swiftly to fix the roof. Now we have a brand new nice roof.
Carrie and her sister decided to make gingerbread men. They wanted many cookies so they tripled the recipe. The dough almost didn't fit into their biggest bowl. It took an entire day to cut out, cook, and decorate the cookies. The sisters shared the gingerbread men with their happy family and friends.
Tom was entering his freshman year in college. He learned he had to purchase many expensive books for school. Tom was shocked at the expense. Tom's friend suggested he buy the e-book versions. Tom bought the e-books and saved a lot of money.
John was a good English teacher. His brother wanted John to teach his son how to read. John agreed to teach his brothers son. At first it was hard to teach his brothers son to read. But after awhile his brothers son was reading by himself.
May was waiting on her granddaughter Lucy to get dressed. She offered to dive Lucy to Blockbuster to rent movies. But that was 20 minutes ago. May was getting impatient waiting on Lucy. When she went to check on Lucy she saw her putting on makeup.
Miranda wanted to start straightening her hair. She was nervous though because she did not know if it would be damaged. Thankfully she was gifted a nice iron. The moment she tried it she could not believe her eyes. The hair was pin straight and gorgeous.
When we were shopping for my first car, I didn't have much hope. One day, I went with my friend to look on my own. We found a sports car in our price range. I called my father, but he wanted a slightly lower price. I was furious, but the salesman gave in and I felt bad.
Susie and Billy were playing jump rope together. A young boy named Jim wanted to join in too. Susie said no because Jim will try to mess her up. Billy said yes because he likes to play with Jim. Susie and Billy let Jim play with them after all.
Carl wanted to be a lumberjack when he grew up. He started cutting down trees in his mom's yard. His mom was horrified when she saw what he had done. Carl apologized to his mother. Carl planted all new trees in the yard to make up for it.
Anthony was in class one day and really needed to fart. The problem was, he was sitting right behind a pretty girl. Before he knew what was happening, the fart snuck out. He tried to breathe in the fart before she could smell it. Unfortunately for him, his plan didn't work and she smelled it.
Giselle liked to stand out in a crowd. She bought a big, crazy, furry hat. Whenever she wore it, people commented on how weird it was. She felt like a fashionista. She started looking for another crazy thing to wear next time she went.
Mary ordered a cake in a restaurant. When she took a bite she felt a pain in her tooth. She needed to see a doctor. A dentist told her she would need a root canal. Mary did not have money for it.
Karen went to the coffee shop. She ordered a cup of coffee. She drove to work with the coffee between her legs. Suddenly the hot coffee spilled all over her. Karen had to go to the hospital for burns on her legs.
Amy was raking the leaves in her mother's yard. Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help. The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves. Amy later realized they had strewn the leaves back all over the yard. Amy spent another 30 minutes cleaning up the mess of leaves.
Gina's friend Lisa was coming over to visit. When she got off the bus she was pushing a stroller. Her mother made her bring her brother and sister. Gina would have to help her watch the kids. That ruined Gina's plans to go bike riding.
Jackie was best friends with Betty. Jackie started dating a man of a different race. Jackie's friend Betty stopped taking her phone calls. Jackie was so hurt to find out that her friend was racist. Jackie continued to date the man anyway.
Fernando wanted to capture the majestic beauty of the Alps. He bought a ticket to go up the mountain. On top, it was so cold that his hands were shaking. When it was time to take the pictures he wanted, he couldn't. They all came shaky and unfocused.
Angela has always been afraid of heights. She really wanted to go zip-lining with friends On the first platform, she was terrified when she looked down. She made sure her harness was double-checked for security. Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform.
Shawn graduated high school in 1988. He took a year off before he returned to school in the fall of 1989. That fall, he was a freshman at Delaware State University. He took core classes but said they were all too easy. One semester later, he dropped out of school and joined the workforce.
Seth always wanted to play chess, but he needed an opponent. One day a teacher at his high school established a chess club. Seth joined the chess club and had the chance to play chess a lot. He began spending more time playing chess than anything else he did. Eventually Seth stopped enjoying chess after playing it so much.
The Jones family were excited to attend a local festival. The festival was held on the town green. There were many vendors, games, and even rides. The Jones children enjoyed winning prizes and riding bumper cars. On the way home they got pizza for dinner at a local parlor.
Mel owned a small convenience store. All of his friends would patronize his store. an acquaintance of Mel asked if he could have items for free. Mel refused and the friend got angry and Mel asked him to leave. Mel was more careful about who his friends were.
Megan was adding knobs to all her cabinets. She picked some shiny gold ones for her bathroom. She drilled the holes for them. When she put the knobs on, she saw they were crooked. Megan was so disappointed!
Corey went to see a movie at the theatre. The movie began playing. Ten minutes into the movie, the film malfunctioned. Everyone was given their money back. Corey returned to the movies the next week.
Sybil decided to make a strawberry yogurt smoothie. She put the ingredients in her blender. Sybil turned the blender on. Yogurt and strawberries sprayed everywhere! Sybil realized she forgot to put the lid on the blender.
My boss gave me a company phone. It was brand new so I was excited to use it. I realized that the phone had terrible service. I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no. I got angry and smashed the phone on the floor.
Allie went to school. When she got there her friends noticed something. She got her ears pierced. Her friends were impressed. Allie loved her earrings.
Rex had a large comic book collection. He loved adding to it by visiting garage sales and swap meets. At one sale, he stumbled across a rare first edition comic. He had it appraised and it was worth several hundred bucks. That lucky comic book became the jewel of his collection.
Rebecca was getting ready to go on a big date. She was all dressed up in her nicest Dress. Her makeup was done and she was ready to put on her shoes. She slides them on and walks around. Suddenly she slips and falls and breaks the heels!
I went on vacation with my family to Canada. We went camping and fishing for two weeks. We had a great time. We decided to move to Canada. We love living in Canada now.
Brenda loves to make necklaces with beads. She visits craft stores to find more beads. Brenda finds a collection of perfect beads. She makes a new necklace with her new beads. Brenda decides the necklace will make a perfect birthday gift.
My online chess partner got home early today. We played three games. I lost the first game. I won the second but lost the last game. We intend to play again tonight.
Luis wanted to make money when he grew up. He knew he could follow orders and plans. He decided to work on power lines. He studied hard and went to college. Now he has a good paying job and a nice family.
Jim wanted to take his girlfriend on a fancy date. She tried to talk him out of it. He took her to an expensive dinner. She wound up breaking up with him. Jim was upset about spending so much money.
It was a gorgeous fall day. Sara decided to enjoy it by going to the park and painting the foliage A few hours into her painting, a man walked by. He told her he loved her painting and wanted to buy it off of her. Sara was flattered that someone would pay for her art.
I had a lot of work to do for everyone's Christmas presents. Weeks passed, and I hadn't gotten anything done. Suddenly Christmas was only a week away! I spent the next few days working very hard on Christmas treats. I managed to get everyone their presents barely in time.
Today was very rainy. I challenged my mom to a Wii bowling competition. She agreed. It was an intense competition. In the end I lost.
Jim really liked basketball. He challenged Frank to a duel. Half way into the game Jim fell to the ground. Jim broke his foot from the fall. Frank then took advantage and beat Jim.
Cheryl just moved into a new apartment. She loved everything about it and took good care of it. Another new person was moving in next door to her too. But when they were moving in they accidentally slammed into the wall. She greeted her new neighbor for the first time through a hole.
Tom invited his friends over for a very special meal. He had steak, chicken, shrimp and surprise meat for the dinner. Upon arrival, his guests sat at the table and began to make demands. He did not have any cheese, or bread or wine to drink. Tom decided that next time, he would just treat them to a restaurant.
Tim became a director. He loved yelling the word action. Until one day the actors did not want to act anymore. He decided to give them all raises. Then everyone was happy.
Dan was working on a report. He accidentally deleted the content of the report and saved it. Since he had to redo the report, he stayed up late at night. His mom woke him up since he overslept. He was late to the lab and ended up with an F on his report.
I rode the bus to school the other day. On the bus me and my friends were telling dirty jokes. The bus driver heard us and got mad. She said that she would kick us off if we didn't stop. So we stopped and decided to be respectful.
Aya heard that liver was a delicacy in some cultures. She decided to fry one up for her husband one night. He would eat almost anything, so she felt sure he'd eat the liver. But after one bite, he wrinkled his nose and pushed his plate away. He and Aya agreed that liver would never be a delicacy in THEIR home!
Lori recovered from a serious illness last year. This spring, she decided to go skydiving for the first time. I thought she was nuts because I'm scared of heights. Lori says this is part of her new quest to live fully. She also plans to go bungee jumping this summer.
I went to a national park with my cross country team. There were canoes. But I didn't see any paddles. So I used a broom as a paddle. Our coach made us get out of the water.
Roy walked on the beach and saw a sand castle near the surf. The water was approaching the castle more and more. Roy felt compelled to save the creation. He dug a trench around the castle and kept watch. High tide came and went, but Roy managed to save the castle.
James loves to go fishing He would always bring his dog. After James' dog died, he fished alone James has fond memories of his dog while fishing. James still loves to fish even if he is alone.
Henry was trying to lose weight. There was a park near his house. Henry began to wake up early in the morning. He went walk in the park every morning before work. Henry started to lose weight.
I love to sing. Tomorrow I will audition my singing in a talent show. I'm very nervous about going on stage. My friends are rooting for me. Finally I got to sing, and I ended up winning the contest.
My favorite movie of all time is mean girls. Every year for my birthday my friends and I watch a marathon of it. We start at about noon time and watch it numerous times until bed. The girls and I always have a blast with that. I can't wait to watch it again.
Cal was trying to decide which tie he should wear. He liked the patterned one but also the solid colored one. Cal kept going back and forth between the ties. Suddenly he noticed the time and that he was running late! Cal decided to wear a bowtie instead of one of the ties.
Robert was tired of his boss calling him Bob all of the time. He told his boss that it wasn't what he went by. His boss apologized. Robert apologized for not saying something sooner. Robert's happier now that he talked to him.
John and his girlfriend left their house for a walk. They began to walk down the street when it began to rain lightly. After walking for a while, John's girlfriend called for his attention. John looked over and they both saw a large rainbow in the local park. After seeing the rainbow, the couple walked back home.
Arthur was smitten with the boss's daughter, Anka. Too shy to ask her out, he sought out alternative means. He purchased a love potion from an online vendor. He put the potion into a batch of peanut butter cookies. It wasn't long before he learned first hand of her peanut allergy.
Tom loved eating candy. One day he bought a three pound bag. He ate it all. His tummy hurt very bad. He learned he should never eat just candy again.
Kenny practiced hard during wrestling practice. He practiced hard so that he could win the wrestling tournament On the day of the tournament Kenny was nervous. He remembered everything he did in practice. Although he placed third he was happy with the results.
Tim always had stomach problems. He tried different things to fix them. His doctors couldn't really figure out what was wrong. It really cut into Tim's social life. Eventually he learned to just live with the discomfort.
Abby loved school because she loved to read. She went to the library after school to find some new books. When she got there she couldn't find a book she hasn't read! So she went to the store to get a magazine. Abby now loves magazines more than books.
Mark wanted to increase his pitching speed over the summer. He practiced nearly all day to get his pitching speed up. After nearly giving up he decided to start to lift weights. At the end of the summer his pitching speed increased by 10 mph. He ended up being very pleased with his results.
Grandma wanted to clean out the shed, but needed help. She called her son Adam over to help her. He went into the shed and cleared out all of the trash. He rearranged the shed to make more room. The shed was now clean.
My brothers and I made a game. You have to throw a brick over your shoulder at a target. You get a partner. Then you take turns throwing the brick. Whoever hits the target from furthest away wins.
Ray was upset when his grandfather became ill. He visited his grandfather in the hospital almost every day. Unfortunately, his grandfather's health worsened. One sad day, he passed away and Ray cried inconsolably. He knew he would miss his grandfather forever.
It was late November in the Northeast. There had been freezing rain for a week. Everyone was sick of it. Then one day they woke to see it'd turned to snow overnight. Winter had truly arrived!
Clark is driving his family home from the store. While driving a driver begins tailgating him. Soon enough the car eventually bumps into the back of Clark's car. Clark pulls stops his car and pulls over. He begins screaming at the car who hit him in a rage.
I went to the mall to pick up my new glasses. Finally, I can ditch my old glasses. When I put the glasses on something was wrong. I couldn't see anything properly. Turns out store messed up my order.
Sarah got a new puppy. She was very excited to bond with him. However, he started to chew all of her things. Sarah became disappointed. She realized having a puppy would be more work than she thought.
Michael was having a routine surgery one day. At first everything in the surgery was going really well. Suddenly though, Michael started to have complications. The doctors did their best to stabilize him and keep him healthy. Luckily, he would be okay but it was a close call.
George's daughter had recently taken a huge interest in ballet. He didn't have the money to afford nice lessons. Still, for her birthday he wanted to do something nice. He found her a great pair of ballet slippers at a specialty shop. His daughter loved them and used them to teach herself to dance.
George was playing outside in the backyard. He came across a frog. George grabbed the frog and put it in a jar. He decided to give the frog to his mom as a present. His mom screamed and told George to put it outside.
Jennifer was coming home for work. She decided to stop by a gas station. She filled up her tank and got some snacks. She decided to take a chance on a lottery ticket. She checked her numbers later that night and was a big winner.
Max was seeing a movie with his girlfriend. They entered the theater and realized that it was completely empty. They could sit wherever they wanted. They decided to sit at the back. They enjoyed the movie even more thanks to the privacy.
Today I brought my son to the zoo. He really liked the lions and imitated their roar all day long. He lost his voice from all of the growling. When we got home his mom thought he was sick. I explained the raspy voice and mom we all laughed.
Kayla was sitting at house. All of a sudden she heard a loud noise. She looked outside her window. Her neighbor's car was on fire. She called the police for help.
Lance can't wait to go on his cruise. He never been on a ship before. He boards the ship to set off on his cruise. About 10 minutes on board he starts feeling sick. Lance gets very seasick and lays down for the rest of the trip.
Max was at work when he realized he had left the yard gate open. Because the dog has a special door to go outside, this was a problem. Max called a neighbor to go see whether the dog was loose. The gate was open, but the dog was relaxing under a tree. Max was relieved that he has such a well-behaved dog.
The kids visited a candy factory. They got a free sample of candy. They wanted to apply for a job there. They were not old enough for that. They were made honorary employees.
My niece's daughter, Tina,  is applying to colleges. She wants to be a nurse, but her SATs scores were low. Tona asked my daughter to edit her college essay. My daughter advised Tona to tell her life story, but she did not. I hope Tony gets accepted by a good school.
Yesterday Jerry was at work as usual, waiting on tables. Jerry was feeling very tired that day during work. He accidentally spilled a drink on a customer's lap. Jerry was upset about this initially. But the customer laughed it off and ended up giving him a decent tip.
Allie was making some cookies. But she was too eager. She ate some of the dough. It was delicious. Allie then got sick as a result.
Kyle reached for his asthma inhaler wheezing. He lifted it to his mouth and inhaled. Immediately he felt the relief as his lungs begun to expand. He set it down on the table and bent closer to the body. It was hard work rolling up the rug.
Joe wanted to sale his old car. So Joe put his car on craigslist. The first few days he received no offers . Joe then got tons of offers. Joe finally sold his car for a good amount of money.
Lois and Bobby were on a movie date. The movie they were seeing was extremely cheesy romance. Lois blushed every time something silly or overly emotional happened. Little did she know that it was making Bobby like her even more. By the end of the movie, the two were kissing passionately.
Today was the first snow day of the school year. All the kids celebrated by getting sleds in the neighborhood. They built a huge jump over 4 ft tall! The moms were all worried someone would get hurt. Nobody got hurt, all the kids were so tired they went to bed early
Aline bought a new Iphone. She then started to polish her nails. She was careless, and the nail polish spilled all over her new phone. Aline cursed to herself, and threw the iphone at the wall. To her astonishment, the phone still worked.
The store had a promotion. More customers showed up than normal. The store extended the promotion. The number of customers returned to normal. The store stopped the promotion.
I bought some oranges at the organic market last week. I was going to make a great fruit salad with them. Then I got called to do an emergency job 50 miles away. I was there from thursday to Sunday. I came home Monday and my oranges were rotting, oh well.
It was a lovely spring day. Ben decided to leave his office on his lunch break. He took a walk outside. He felt great soaking up the sunlight. He never wanted to go back to the office!
Justin's girlfriend had recently broken up with him. She had gone to be with his old best friend at school. The day he heard, he confronted him in the hallways. They began wrestling amongst the lockers. They both ended up suspended for their horrible behavior.
Andre was young and popular on the underground rap scene. A producer gave him a production deal to make records. In the studio, Andre insisted the producer use effects on the vocals. The producer didn't like the sound effects on the vocals. Andre insisted they use effects and was kicked out the studio.
Jane wanted blonde hair. She needed to bleach her dark hair first. Jane left the bleach in for too long. It burned her hair and scalp. Jane lot a lot of hair because of it.
Bill fell asleep at a party after one too many drinks. He awoke to the sound of his dead grandmother's voice. Bill panicked, thinking her spirit was haunting him. Then, Bill heard laughter and looked up. His pals were watching his grandma's birthday video.
Jezebel went to the pharmacy. She bought a pregnancy test. She took a piss in the bathroom. Sure enough, the test came back positive. Jezebel bought a beer and sat in the park sad.
Jen got a new job. On Monday morning she showed up bright and early. Her new boss saw her and looked confused. Jen had showed up a week early! Now Jen gets to enjoy another week of vacation.
George had a dog named Pete. Pete followed George everywhere. Pete followed George to the beach. George suffered a leg cramp in the water. Pete saved George pulling him back to shore.
My sister in law gave my wife lottery tickets for her birthday. She won $2. She used the $2 to buy a few scratch tickets. None of won. So she got nothing from the tickets.
This year I watched the NBA dunk contest with my friends. The dunks were out of this world! Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans! I have never seen those kind of dunks before in my life! Zach LaVine barely beat Aaron Gordon in the finals.
I looked in the mirror with disgust. I was much slimmer than I used to be. However, I was still overweight. I hated the wrinkles in my stomach. I walked away angry that I still hadn't attained my goal.
Misha was taking a shower before work. She noticed that water had pooled around her legs. As she investigated she found a clump of hair in the drain. It took some picking but finally she pulled the clump out. With that, the water immediately drained from the tub.
Anne Marie was a lonely single child who wanted a friend. She saw a family had moved next door to her apartment. They had a little girl that was her age. She was so excited she went and introduced herself. They became best friends for a long time.
Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life. He had finally bought a house to move into. On moving day friends and family showed up to help. The entire day was spent moving all of Jeff's things. At the end of the day Jeff was exhausted but happy about his new home.
Charlie is 30. Charlie still lives at home with his parents. Charlies parents pass away in a car accident. Charlie is left all alone. Charlie moves out and gets his own place.
Ted had a huge test the next day. But it was impossible for him to even pay attention! Ted had no clue what to do. He needed to study. So he took some coffee and it helped.
Jen usually never goes to her company holiday party. She decided to go this year. Jen was bored until she started talking to Larry. The two instantly hit it off and had fun together. Jen and Larry are now seeing each other outside of work.
Paul had finally had enough of his car always breaking down. He decided it was time for a new one. He went to many dealerships until he found the perfect car. Paul fell in love the moment he laid eyes on the car. He bought himself a new Malibu without hesitation.
John needed a shed in his backyard. But he didn't want to pay extra to have someone else build it. It was more work than he realized. And the hot weather didn't help. Finally, John hired someone else to build it.
Tom was at a new job. He was talking to a co-worker. In confidence the co-worker made some pretty racist jokes. Tom did not appreciate them. He respectfully asked him to stop.
Andrea got on the train. She was headed into the city! She went to museums and did some shopping. She loved the hustle and bustle. She was sad to go back home.
Patricia's favorite toy was her set of interlocking blocks. She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships. Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents. In school, Patricia developed an interest in making things as well. Patricia would later become a mechanical engineer.
Two men met each other in a dark alley. The both looked at each other with suspicion. They paused for a second and then looked around for anyone else. Each man took out a brown paper bag and offered it to the other. They swapped bags and walked away from each other in silence.
Lance got a new job. He was so proud to tell his whole family. When he told them they were almost dumbfounded. They couldn't believe the job when he told them. He was now a professional volunteer beauty pageant judge.
Sally had been out all night. She needed to sneak back inside. She quietly opened the door. Then, she crept inside and through the house. Finally, she made it to her room.
Columbus wanted to find a route to India. He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there. He got ships from the Spanish rulers. Then he sailed west to discover India. But instead, he discovered America!
Jane loved eating fortune cookies. She got one that had a great fortune! It told her she would have lots of wealth in her life. Jane showed it to everyone and bragged about it. They told her that fortune cookies were dumb.
The Browns got a Christmas tree in early November. They all love Christmas and wanted to prolong it. By early December the tree was brown. Many of them were sad because the tree was dying. They got a new tree in mid-December.
Kim took her kids to watch a movie. She didn't realize it would be so violent. Things got too out of hand midway. Kim had to take her kids out of the theater. They were upset but she stuck by her decision.
Tony is a college graduate without a job. He works on his resume and takes interviewing classes. Tony works very hard on applying for jobs he'd be good at. Tony is unsuccessful in his search. Tony ends up stocking shelves at a grocery store.
Sally had a job interview. She was so nervous she couldn't sleep. The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview. The interviewer was an old friend from college. Sally felt way better about it.
Every day Jim combed the beach with his metal detector. He never found anything but bottle caps and lost pennies. But then one day he found a beautiful metal box buried in the sand. His hands trembled with anticipation as he slowly opened it. The box was full of bottle caps and pennies.
Reese was waiting tables at his job at a diner. A strange man walked in with a suitcase and sat down. Reese took the man's order and then the man left. Reese saw that he left his suitcase which was ticking. His manager called the police and the building was evacuated.
There was a fire and Gina's apartment. Her apartment was okay, but there was smoke damage. Gina couldn't stay in the apartment. She carried out what she could. Gina went to spend a few nights with a friend.
Lucy who was in the wedding was wearing bright makeup. The rest of the bridesmaids were wearing neutral colors. Yet Lucy wore bright red. It was so bad the photographer didn't want her in photos. Lucy wore that on purpose.
A group of neighborhood kids had a snowball fight one day. They divided into two teams. The battle was intense. One kid got a bloody nose. Everyone had fun.
Kelly wanted to buy a new pair of shoes, but had no money. She asked her mother to buy them for her. Her mother said no, but she could do chores to earn the money. Kelly spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard. Kelly earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted.
Tony did gymnastics. As a boy he got made fun of a lot. He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it. Tony took them to his gym and watched them each quit within minutes. No one ever said a thing to Tony again.
Kelsi participated in a karate tournament yesterday. The tournaments were always so much fun. She tried her best and ultimately won a silver medal. She was happy. Immediately she told all her friends.
Tina never thought she was very attractive. Whenever she was out with friends she would dress down. While visiting a local mall with friends she was spotted by an agent. This agent turned out to be a recruiter for a modeling company. She is now working as a model for a major retail brand.
Frank had a big meeting to attend in the morning. To wake up early, he set an alarm for 7 AM. The night before, he stayed up late and watched movies. The next morning at 7 AM the alarm went off, to his dismay. He was exhausted and regretted how he spent the previous night.
Jake was running late for work. He was worried he would get fired. When he got there he noticed he was one of the first. He was informed about daylight savings time. Jake was relieved.
Nick was sledding with his siblings. They were having a great time. But then Nick's sled overturned halfway down the hill. Nick and his siblings toppled off into the snow! Luckily, no one was seriously hurt.
Charles lived his whole life with his mother. Charles' mother was cruel and beat him badly often. Charles went mad from all of the torture over the years. One day Charles strangled his mother after she hit him for sneezing. He felt great remorse and hung himself in the bathroom shortly after.
While visiting the park, Anna saw two bluebirds. Anna watched the birds fly. When she got home, she sketched the birds in her notebook. She colored both birds blue. She was very excited about her new artwork.
Tyler is playing basketball. Tyler is going to make a basket. He slips and falls. Tyler breaks his ankle and cries in pain. His family takes him to the ER for his injury.
I went to a holiday party yesterday. They had cream-filled cakes there. I love those cakes. I ate too many of them. Now I need to head to the gym.
Jan went to eat at a fast food restaurant. There was only one table empty. The empty table was filthy. Jan grabbed a stack of napkins. She cleaned the table off before sitting.
I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today. I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there. We got in the car and headed down there. She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs. I cannot wait to take her back to the dog park.
I had an old laptop that began to malfunction. The screen kept going black. I could not afford to get a new laptop. I decided to take a few extra shifts at work. With the extra money I was able to get a new laptop.
Cameron loved to surf, but his broken leg meant he couldn't for now. He stayed home, sad and angry at the circumstances. His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions. He agreed, and felt a hundred times better being out on the beach. Cameron became his friend's regular photographer from then on.
I'm feeling very sad today. All I can do is cry. I tell myself it will be okay. I sit and think aloud. I will be happy tomorrow.
A teenage girl found a new game she liked. She wasn't very good at it but kept practicing every day. Finally she was good enough to enter a local competition of the game. She made it to the finals of the tournament. She ended up losing but was proud of how far she'd come.
Ann had acne on her back and shoulders. She complained about it to her doctor. He prescribed Ann a medicated wash to treat the acne. She used it exactly as prescribed. In a few weeks, Ann's skin had cleared noticeably!
Marie was at work. Someone came in with gift baskets for the women for Mother's day. Marie got a basket because she had two sons. She didn't really like anything in it, except for some chocolate. It was her favorite brand of chocolate so she savored it.
Tina's mom wanted her to do the laundry. But Tina was not thrilled. She didn't know how to do it. So she had to ask for help. Tina learned and she did it well.
Kim loved to ride the Bannister like she saw on TV. Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it. One day her mother told her to stop so she doesn't get hurt. She started only riding it when her mother wasn't around. One day her mother caught her and gave her a spanking.
The room took a vote. The vote was tied. They argued over a tie breaker. They decided to vote on a tie breaker. The vote on the tie breaker was a tie.
Jim bought his girl a ring. The ring was too big. He exchanged it for another one. This ring was too small. She told him to sell the ring because she already knew he loved her.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is en route to Boston. They left New York at 4 PM, with Google predicting an 8:30 arrival. They just texted they are only in Fairfield, CT. Google now predicts a 9:30 arrival. We were disappointed.
Tony and Tisa had been dating for seven years. They went on a date to the movies. During the movie Tony asked Tisa to marry him. She said yes. The whole movie theater cheered.
Reggie was lonely living alone in his apartment. Reggie's sister came over and took him to look at cats. Reggie fell in love with a lovely cat named Sara. Sara was also lonely and couldn't be around other cats. Reggie adopted Sarah and they live happily together.
Bella wants to go to her high school prom but no one has asked her. Bella decides she is going to ask someone. She goes up to Tim the next day and asks him to the dance. Tim accepts her invitation. Bella and Tim have such a good time at the dance.
Tim was in love. He was in love with Mary. He wanted to buy her flowers. He was very nervous. When he gave her the flowers she was very happy.
John had to shine six pair of boots. He got reprimanded by his supervisor for slacking off. John grumbled under his breath as he worked on the second pair. John spent three hours more, shining the boots. John vowed never to disappoint his supervisor again.
Leslie was learning to drive. She was in the car with her mom. She pulled up to the driveway. But it was too late. She had smashed into the garage door.
Mike was trying out for the basketball team and got cut. The coach gave him a specific list of things to work on to improve. Mike spent all offseason perfecting aspects of his game. The next year Mike made the team! He was a starter and took the basketball team to state.
I used an ATM today. As I was withdrawing money a man came up to me. He said the ATM was broken, as he could not get money. I said it was working for me. I helped him check his balance, which was in the negative.
The Jones planned a family vacation for the summer. They decided to drive. Their destination was an amusement park. When they got there they realized it was closed. The Jones planned better from there on out.
Juan has always wanted to visit Southeast Asia. He researches different countries and decides to visit Vietnam. Juan finds the food and architecture in Vietnam stunning. He comes back with many wonderful memories. Juan is very happy that he took such an amazing trip.
Lily loved chicken nuggets. She decided to make some for herself. She got all the ingredients and set to work. When they were done, she was pleased with her work. However, when she tasted them, she realized she still needed practice.
Bob had always been afraid of spiders. He decided that he didn't want to be afraid anymore. Trying to face his fear, Bob went to a pet shop to buy a tarantula. When he got to the pet shop, but they didn't have any spiders. Bob is still afraid of spiders, but now he owns a parrot.
Today, I got to spend some time with my granddaughter. She loves to swim. So, we went to a gym with an indoor pool. We had a lot of fun. We'll go swimming together more often.
The kids were scared. They were headed to the doctor to get a flu shot. THey were dreading it. The doctor distracted them and poked them quickly. They were so relieved that it was over!
Josh went to eat at a cafeteria. There, he picked up his tray. He then moved towards where the food was displayed. Looking out over the food, he felt conflicted. He left without eating, unable to decide what to choose.
Anne wanted to impress her husband by mowing the lawn. She started the mower, recalling how her husband did it. Soon, Anne was going in neat circles around the yard. She put up the mower as her husband arrived home. He asked why she was mowing without the blade engaged.
Little Jimmy loved to climb trees. His mother thought it was dangerous. One day when his mother wasn't watching, he climbed a big tree. Jimmy fell and broke his ankle. Jimmy never climbed a tree again.
Jon and his father were going hunting in the woods. They saw a deer through the bushes. Trying to keep quiet, they inched towards it. Jon stepped on a branch, and the deer was scared off. The deer would live another day.
Josh's car unexpectedly got towed. Josh asked his girlfriend if she could drop him off at work. His girlfriend agreed and they left early to get to work on time. Unfortunately, they hit traffic on the way! Both Josh and his girlfriend were late to work.
The family had never been on a cruise. They decided to give it a try. Their cabin was tiny and cramped. They enjoyed the different ports, though. They decided never to cruise again.
Greg's dad loved being a grandfather. He showered Greg's son with gifts all of the time. Problem was, Greg had 2 kids but his dad only liked for one of them. One day, his dad gave his son a new toy. Fed up with being left out, Greg's daughter hit the toy with a hammer.
Hailey liked a boy that she knew for a long time. She thought this boy was a nice boy as he went to church. Both of them talked for long hours on their cell phones. Hailey found out that the boy was also talking to another girl. As soon as she found out she broke up with the boy for cheating.
Sam's mom was sick. She couldn't prepare his usual lunch for school. Sam decided to make a sandwich for himself. He spread peanut butter and jelly on bread. When he cut his sandwich it fell in half.
Tyler was traveling on a bus. He tried to keep to himself and relax. Halfway through the trip, though, a man started talking to him. He was nice enough but sometimes he seemed a little bit crazy. Luckily, he got off at the next stop.
For a long time, I used to work temp jobs. They were easy to get. I regretted my decision when a job I really wanted was temporary. They weren't looking for full time people. After that, I quit temp jobs and applied for real jobs.
Lasko Johnson was covered in moles. One day, Lasko decided he'd had enough. Away to the doctor he went. But on the way, he hit a hazmat truck. Now he's in a coma.
Terry is swimming. Terry is in the ocean. Terry feels something grab his leg. It is a shark biting him. Terry got bitten by a shark.
I was playing with my phone. I was trying to get home. I was very tired. I ran into the side of a bridge. My truck was totaled.
I wanted some new curtains for my house. Since curtains are expensive, I decided to sew them myself. I picked out some soft, pink fabric that complimented my walls well. After sewing the curtains, I put them up with some help from a friend. I did such a good job that my friend asked me where I had bought them.
Tonya was my biracial friend from elementary school. She was mixed with black and white. She was confused as to which race she would claim. One day, we were at the movies and a boy called her black. She decided from then to claim black, since that's how she appeared.
We decided we will spend tonight watching movies. We have picked out several movies from the 1980s. We talked about baking cookies beforehand. We went to the store and bought peanut butter cookie dough. We also bought popcorn and drinks.
The man went for an interview. He felt confident. He gave a good interview. He was invited back for a second interview. He missed his second interview.
I threw the ball to the correct base. My brother had to stay on his base. He taught me to throw ahead of him. Then he had no chance to advance. This was a video game.
I was walking in the park when I saw a very attractive guy. I was so captivated by him that I tripped and fell on the ground. The guy immediately came over and helped me up. My heart pounded as our eyes met. He smiled at me and invited me out to dinner.
Andrews balcony was very dirty. The floor was very dirty. Junk was all over the balcony. So Andrew threw away the junk he didn't want. He cleaned the floor and now his balcony was cleaned up.
Bob was trying to sleep. But, he was cold! He couldn't figure out why he was so cold. Then, he realized that the heater was off. He turned it on and slept warmly.
Trudy recently played at a rock show in Sacramento. She is the drummer of a band. A group of her friends went to the show to see her play. She is very talented and did a great job that night. Her friends plan on going to see her at her next show.
Carl and his dog Bob loved to spend time on their boat. Carl loved to eat lobster but he wasn't good at catching them. He saw a video of a dog that could dive for lobsters. Carl worked hard trying to teach Bob to catch lobsters. Bob did not learn how, but he did learn new ways to make Carl laugh.
Bill recently inherited his father's pocket watch. Bill wanted to insure the watch in the event of theft. When Bill met with the appraiser, he was a bit nervous. Bill was shocked when the appraiser told him the value. Bill was told the watch was worth over $1 million dollars!
I invited a friend to meet me at the theater to see Star Wars. I got there early so I could pop for his ticket. After buying our tickets I waited outside the box office. After a half an hour passed, I became concerned. I called my buddy to learn I was waiting at the wrong theater!
Angie's house was directly behind the community pool. One day the pump at the swimming pool failed. Pool  water flooded into Angie's back yard. The pool water did much damage to Angie's grass. Angie asked the neighborhood association to pay for the damages.
Erik is my favorite cousin. He is always doing kind things for us. Today I received a package filled with movies. He had purchased them all for us to watch for Halloween. I thanked him profusely for the gift.
Jerry loved watching the sunset from a hill. His girlfriend enjoyed sitting with him. They would sit there for hours upon hours. Until the day his girlfriend died. Jerry sits on that hill to remember his lost love.
I collect old cars. It's difficult to find parts for them. I have to go to swap meets every weekend. Last week, I found an important piece. Today, I can finally finish that pick up truck.
Helene had just turned 70. Her doctor told her she need to lose weight. She joined a swim class at the senior center. Helene went and worked out three times a week. Helene lost the weight she needed to.
Shelly had been raised by her single mother. She had little contact with her father and never felt close to him. Still, as an adult she tried to visit him a bit more often. During one visit, they happily discovered they loved the same author. It wasn't much of a relationship, but it was a start.
Miranda from New York did not like having fat thighs. She learned that exercise would give her more shapely legs. She ordered a stair stepper from an online store. The machine was delivered to an Idaho address far from Miranda. A person in Idaho now has nice legs.
Jane lived alone. As she was very lonely she looked for a roommate. Many came and went but none fit what she was looking for. Until a young woman came to visit her apartment. They had so much fun together that she stayed and never left.
Ali was on the swings during recess. A girl who didn't like her approached her. The girl was coming towards Ali. Ali thought she was coming to apologize for sure. Instead the girl threw sand at Ali, and ran away.
Tanya's daughter never slept at night. She would stay up all night watching television. The girl would fall asleep in her classes. Tanya soon got calls home from school. Tanya took the television from her daughter's room.
Tobias was a professor of psychiatry. He loved his job. One day his student accused him of rape. He was utterly ruined. Tobias shot himself in the head.
Alice was trying to quit smoking. Her husband hated the habit. Last week she sneaked off at night to take a smoke. Her husband caught her in the middle of it. They got into a big fight and haven't talked since.
The boy tossed the tennis ball against the wall. He watched it bounce off the bricks and come back to him. The ball hurled back to him with the force of his throw. Practice let him catch the ball most of the time. He enjoyed his game alot.
Joe likes to drink beer. Joe likes beer so much that he learned how to make his own. Joe made many batches of beer. Joe drank all the batches of beer he made. Joe now has liver disease from drinking too much beer.
Jon loved to party hardy everyday of the week. One night, he passed out and went to the hospital. He discovered that he suffered from alcohol poisoning. The experience was so traumatic, he decided to quit going out. He also quit drinking and lived a much happier life.
Tina found out she needed contacts. She went to get her prescription. Then she tried them on. Instantly she felt sick. Her eyes were in a lot of pain so she learnt her lesson.
I felt hungry when I walked to my evening class at community college. I took a detour to the student center for food. At the snack machine I realized I left my wallet at home. Luckily I remembered I kept a spare dollar in my backpack for food. I selected Poptarts and felt satisfied.
Sam was watching the sunset with his girlfriend. They were sitting on a bench near the beach. It was a surreal experience. Afterwards they went to Sam's apartment. They watched movies until they fell asleep.
The grass really needed cutting. He went out to start the mower and left the door open. He started mowing and got close to the open glass door. As he got close to the door, the mower went over a stone. The stone shot out and shattered the glass door.
Carl always had to have something in his hands or he'd go mad. His friends told him he was too obsessive. Carl schedule an appointment with a professional to talk about it. During the consultation, Carl touched everything in the room. The professional told him he had OCD and that he'd be okay.
My son had been talking back to me all day. I'd decided I'd had enough by the time he set the garage on fire. I trapped him inside and nailed the door shut. He burned to death, and no one was the wiser. I used the knowledge I gained to write a book on parenting.
I lived in India for a year. Everyone in India loves cricket. I was very bad at playing it though. And no matter how much I tried, I could not understand the rules. It's okay though, because I had fun watching cricket with my friends.
Rocky wanted to be a boxer. He trained for six months. A recruiter organized a fight for him against the champ. Rocky and the champion faced off. Rocky knocked him out within one minute and won the fight.
Joshua woke up at 3 am and wanted WiFi so he could watch some videos. He went outside and started walking to find a store with Internet. After walking for almost three miles, he finally found a store. The manager allowed Joshua to entire the store though it was early. Now, Joshua was able to watch a lot of videos on his phone.
Abby loved her Irish heritage, and her Irish dad. Recently, Abby's dad invited her to the Irish parade with him. When Abby picked him up, Abby was shocked at his attire. Abby saw that her dad was wearing a black and red plaid kilt. Abby could not believe that her dad actually owned a kilt.
Ryan made a living exposing the media to his benefit. Now, he had to let people know how corrupt the media is. So he wrote a tell all book on the media. His book made the New York times bestseller list! Now everyone knows all about the dark arts of the media.
Billy and Rob were angry at each other over a proposed trade. Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card. Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off. Things are getting worse as Rob spreads rumors about Billy. Not wanting to be known as a cheater, Billy is out to confront Rob.
Jay was watching golf. He thought it was very boring. He could barely understand the game. Tim explained the rules to Jay. After that Jay found golf interesting.
Tom was in high school. He never got in trouble. One day he was talking to a friend about homework. The teacher thought he was cheating. Tom was given detention and had to write an essay.
I was in college when there's this guy that was tall,dark and handsome. It's not just a simple attraction but i guess i'm in loved. So i decided to change my looks for him to notice me. I straighten my hair and dye it and i had my haircut. Then he noticed me but i found out that he is in a relationship.
Olivia went to a highly rated pizza restaurant. She was excited to eat when she arrived at the fancy looking place. But the waiter had trouble getting her slice of pizza on time. And when she tried to eat it, the cheese slid right off. Olivia was reluctant to trust online reviews again.
I took my sons to their first concert. We had great seats down front in the second row The guitar tech came out to do a sound check. He played a chord and it blasted out of the speakers in front of us. My sons decided they would rather go out and sit on the lawn.
I have a lizard named Tocca. Tocca likes to play in the water. I just gave her a bath and she had a good time. When she finished her bath she sat on my shoulder and licked my face. Then I took her downstairs and she sat on the windowsill.
Josh was taking care of his sister's dog while she was on vacation. The dog got sick when he was watching it. Josh brought the dog to the vet. He called his sister to tell her the dog was sick. Josh's sister was worried and came home sooner than expected.
Tom wants to see a movie with his friends. They decided to go at 9. Tom doesn't get out of work until ten that day. His friends can't go that late. So Tom will have to miss the movie.
Michael went to the store with his dad to get new shoes. The latest trendy shoes had just arrived at the mall. Michael did not ask for them because he knew they were expensive. His dad saw him looking at the orange shoes through the store window. His dad asked him if he thought they had his size as he walked in.
Jennifer was kayaking on the White River. It began to storm. She was nervous about the lightening, and pulled out of the river. She carried her kayak to a nearby road. Jennifer's friend Alissa arrived in a jeep to pick her up.
Laura was going for a tryout to be in a play. She was really nervous about it and almost dropped out. On the day of the tryout she wanted me to come with. I came with to give her comfort and she did great! Laura received the part in the plan that she wanted!
Don was 62 and noticed a blurriness in his vision. He was diagnosed with cataracts, which are flaws in the lens. He learned that there are artificial lens with varying focal lengths. He had surgery replacing the lens in each eye. He threw away his glasses and now has 20-20 vision.
Randy was mentally retarded from a car crash early in his life. Randy loved the simple pleasures in life. His mother would take Randy on trips. One day Randy and his mother took a trip to the coast of carolina. Randy was overjoyed when he saw the ocean for the first time.
June was invited on a fishing trip. She agreed to go with her friend. The fishing spot was on an old pier. June slipped off the pier. Her friend had jump into the water saving June.
James was going on a business trip. His company paid for a hotel room. James arrived at the hotel and settled in his room. He attended several lectures throughout the day. James enjoyed a formal dinner provided by the company before bed.
Tom spent a lot of time fixing up his car. It was mostly cosmetic changes. He had it lowered and added a front lip spoiler. Unfortunately Tom hit a big speed bump soon after. It cracked the spoiler in half.
Erik's dad was a very talented violin player. Erick wanted to follow in his dad's footsteps so he bought a violin. He took private lessons for a few years and never told his family. For his dad's birthday, Erick surprised him by playing for him. Erik's dad was very surprised and very happy for his son.
Joy could not decide on a Christmas gift for her boyfriend. She had very little money. Then she thought of a low-cost gift he would enjoy. She baked him a tray of homemade Christmas cookies. Her boyfriend loved the gift!
A hiker came across a well in the middle of clearing. He took out his water bottle in preparation to fill it. The hiker raised the bucket in the well. Raising it got easier as it got higher up. When it got to the top the bucket had a hole and was empty.
Kathy was at the lake. Her friends were jumping from the cliffs. She wanted to try but she was scared. She decided to throw a floatie noodle into the water. Then when she jumped, she was immediately able to grab it.
Ben took his ATV to the beach. He powered it up. Then he began riding. He coasted over the sand dunes. He had a great time riding his ATV!
My kids wanted to surprise my wife on Valentine's Day. They made her breakfast in bed. They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red. They squirted ketchup on the toast, too. My wife was surprised but couldn't eat as she is allergic to tomatoes.
We bought all the toppings for sundaes. We got a few different kinds of ice cream. Everyone added different toppings. They added some syrups also. We all finished it off with some whipped cream.
Anna wanted to buy gifts for needy children. She went to the store to purchase her gifts. She wrapped them in colorful paper. She brought them to her church. Anna felt content to have helped the less fortunate.
Megan was waiting at the bus stop to go to school. It was raining and she was wearing her boots and raincoat. Suddenly, a car sped by and went through a puddle. The water splashed so high and even soaked Megan on the sidewalk. The bus showed up and she had to go to school all wet.
Greg wanted to buy his wife a pair of pearl earrings. He lost his job a few weeks before their anniversary. So, instead, he cooked her, her favorite meal and gave her a massage. She was so grateful she forgot all about the pearls. They were closer than ever before.
Susie saw someone flying a kite at the park one day. She immediately asked her mom to buy her one. She even volunteered to do extra chores for a week. Susie's mom took her to pick out the kite she wanted. She decided on a purple one that looked like a giant squid.
Kate and Jane were best friends. One time a boy came between them. They got into a huge argument over it. They stopped being friends for a while. Eventually they both picked their friendship over a boy.
Kya took a cooking class one evening. At the class, she learned they would be making Indian dishes. Her and other students followed the instructions for cooking each dish The food came out great, and the students ate. Kya went home.
I needed hooks to hang my chart. I couldn't find the kind I needed in the house. I got in the van and drove to the store. I found plastic hooks in the warehouse section. I bought them and took them home to use.
Billy decided he wanted to make a robot. He worked for many months to get it just right. Once finished, he wanted to show it off. Billy took the robot to school to show his friends and teachers. When he turned the robot on, it exploded in flames.
Ben is a kid riding home from school. When the bus stops at his house. He gets up to get off the bus. As he is walking to get off the bus a kid kicks him in the back. Ben falls down gets back up and runs home crying.
John was working at the office. He suddenly realized he has not had water in a long time. He got up to go to the watercooler. He filled his cup with water. He drank the water.
The kid was in the back yard. The yard had a big fence. The parents thought the kid was safe. Somebody had left the gate open. A loose dog came in for a closer look.
Amy was in class with her crush Ray. She was confused as to why after getting her number he hadn't called. But here he was acting like his usual self. Amy was so charmed she thought for sure she overreacted. She decided he would call her tonight for sure.
Bertha had made all her plans and the direction she was going in. Bertha plans were not like a New Year's resolution but career promising. Bertha attended the college and the courses  she passed them all. The graduation led to her receiving her doctoral degree . Doctor Bertha is proud of her own success.
Kim couldn't make herself vomit with her finger She grabbed a toothbrush from the rack. She shoved it down her throat harshly. The back of her throat burned as the toothbrush scratched it. Kim gagged and dropped her toothbrush in the toilet.
Johnny bought an entire extra large pizza for himself. He devoured the entire thing in just a few minutes. He felt stick to his stomach afterwards. He had to lay on his bed for a few hours. He had the worst pizza hangover the next morning.
Dean was working on his roof. He set a ladder against his house. Dean climbed up the ladder. The ladder fell away from the house. Dean had to wait for his wife to get home to get down from the roof.
Anthony's grandmother did not want him to have a motorcycle. She assured his father he would hurt himself. But Earthell gave Anthony a motorcycle anyway. Anthony rode his motorcycle and looked back at a pretty girl. A door opened from a parked car and Anthony crashed into the door.
Tom loved break dancing. He was practicing at school. A rival dance team stepped up to him. They challenged him to a dance off. Tom obliged and they all had fun.
We were allowed to miss school for a game. We had to show that we went. I went to the game. I got my ticket stub. Then I went home.
David went to the mall. When he got home he realized his wallet was missing. David called the mall and ask if it had been found. They said it was turned in so he went to pick it up. All the money was gone, they had stolen it prior to turning it in.
I decided to clean my windows. After a few hours, I finished! I decided to inspect my work. Alas, I had created streaks on some windows. I decided to hire someone to redo the cleaning.
I have a new favorite tea. The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning. This morning I did not have my favorite tea. I ran out of tea yesterday and forgot to buy more. I am going to buy more of my favorite tea after work.
Jim had a tough time finding a good job. Jim decided to just go into business for himself. He designed his own website and began blogging. Gradually, his online offerings became more popular. Now, Jim is one of the most successful bloggers online!
Katie loved to eat peanut butter. She put it on everything. One day she noticed she was starting to itch. She decided to go to the doctor about it. Come to find out, Katie had a peanut allergy.
3 dogs were sitting idle. A bone is placed between them. All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time. Tug-a-war commences. The poodle wins.
The roofers were working on the house with the very steep roof. They were replacing all the shingles. They spent four days on the roof. When they were finished, it was beautiful! It helped the resale value a lot.
Trixie is a chow mix dog whose hair gets dirty and matted easily. Trixie's owner takes her to the groomer every two weeks. Last week at the groomer another dog bit Trixie. The owner of the grooming shop called Trixie's owner to let her know. Trixie's owner took her to the vet who said she would be ok.
One day I decided I wanted to become a professional baseball player. I joined a local baseball team so I could learn how to play baseball. I practiced baseball every day so I would get better. I ate healthy food and slept so I would get better at baseball. After all of my hard work I became a professional baseball player!
Tom always had to share his food. He always had to give his brother half. Tom was mad at this. One day at school Tom forgot his lunch. He was happy when his brother shared half his lunch.
Amy, Kim, and Lynn were watching the 1st Hunger Games movie. She had already seen it before. But she was still sad when beloved characters dies. She sat in the room, embarrassed to be crying at a movie. Until she saw the other girls were crying as well.
Ann had never had a credit card her whole life. She noticed that her credit score was very low. Ann applied for a credit card immediately. She made sure she paid her bill every month on time. Now her credit score is rising.
Joey decided to do mental math everyday. And he became very good at it. He was able to solve difficult problems in his head. And he decided to compete in a mental math competition. Joey ended up getting second place.
Briana was at the mall with her sister. They noticed a big stage that had been set up. They learned that it was a free-for-all modeling contest. They decided to sign up and participate in the show. In the end, Briana did pretty well and made it to second place.
A scientist was measuring  chemicals on a scale. He put a scoop of powder on the scale and recorded it. The number seemed too high to him. The scientist repeated this on a different scale. The second scale gave a much lower reading.
Maggie could not believe that she was finally pregnant. Her husband Jim had been waiting for this for a long time. Maggie immediately grabbed the phone to tell her parents the news. Her parents were very excited to be grandparents. Maggie kept planning names for the baby and the clothes it would wear.
Amy went to her last two classes of the day in a daze. She had just met the boy of her dreams named Ray. She sad in class writing his name over and over again. When the teacher noticed she stopped and paid attention. Before long her thought drifted back to Ray.
I once fell deeply in love with a man. I wanted to hide it but one night he asked about my feelings. It took me a while but I finally decided to tell him. He gave me a huge hug and decided to walk me home. Now I am hoping that we will soon marry!
Bob vacuumed the floor. He heard a loud noise. He turned off the vacuum. He investigated the noise. He found a screw stuck in the vacuum.
One day I made a swing in the tree in my front yard. One day I was spinning and singing without paying attention. I was singing a song from High School Musical loudly with abandon. I stopped singing and noticed my neighbor on his porch. Silence became me as I sat still and shocked from embarrassment.
Teddy was a kid who enjoyed the simple things. His biggest dream that summer was for a pool noodle. It may seem tame, but to Teddy it was everything. He bought one with his own money and cherished it. Teddy and his pool noodle were inseparable.
I can learn from lectures just as easily as anyone else can. However, when I work with my hands, I learn incredibly fast. I learned to weld in a week and to draw in two and a half years. Both skills take most people a lot of time to master. I learn fast because I understand concepts and apply them easily.
Dianne started a new job and was really enjoying it. One morning she woke up very sick. She did not want to miss work because she was sick. When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy. She decided to take a sick day and felt better within 24 hours
Ariel was running late for work. She was not paying attention to anything. Ariel darted out into traffic with her scooter. She was almost run over by a diesel truck. Ariel slowed down her pace for the rest of the day.
Rick was unhappy at work because of the pay. He looked around for other jobs but never found one suitable. Rick began to become more and more distraught He finally went to his boss and asked him for a raise. his boss gave him a raise and it made Rick happy.
Sandy went to the doctor for her yearly check up. She finds out she's in perfect health. The doctor suggests that she receive a flu shot. Sandy does not like shots but knows it's better than getting the flu. She lets the doctor give her the flu shot.
Cal was terrified of clowns. His friend Earl knew Cal didn't like clowns. Earl thought it would be funny to scare Cal. Earl put on a clown mask and rushed up to Cal. Cal ran down the road screaming loudly.
Adrian was so hungry she could have eaten a cow. But she didn't have any money. She ambled inside Wal Mart holding two candy bars. She didn't think anyone was looking when she put them in her purse. At the exit, loss prevention stopped her and handcuffed her.
Earl was suppose to go the movies with his friend. They called and canceled on him. Earl was disappointed. He called his brother to go with him. Earl went to the movies with brother.
Mikey has a drug habit. He is addicted to meth and heroin. Mikey has been using since he was a teenager. He is now forty years old. He doesn't think he will live to see forty-five.
Our company hires college interns for the summer. They are given mind deadening tasks, such as copying. One intern was rather handsome, and dated a worker. They snuck away from work and watched a movie. They got caught, and the intern lost his summer job.
Tim woke up early for work. He made himself a cup of coffee. As he was about to take a sip, he burned his tongue. His tongue started to swell up. Tim had to go to the doctor to treat his burn.
Dan loves video games. So he enters a local gaming competition. He wins first place in the competition. Dan starts competing in video game tournaments nationally. Dan becomes one of the best players in the world and earns millions.
The water bill at Ace's house had been high. Ace decided to see what the problem was. Ace walked around the property. He found a leak in one of the pipes. Ace fixed the pipe.
Lucy prepared several cookies to share with her co-workers. She placed it in her office. Several kids in the guidance office noticed it. Without telling anyone, they took the cookies. Lucy was confused when she didn't see them anymore.
Kim had trouble sleeping one night. She closed her eyes. But she kept hearing an owl. She fell asleep at 4 AM. And saw an owl at her window when she woke up at noon.
Eric had been down the slide at the park lots of times. When he got there on Thursday with his grandfather, it wasn't there! It had been replaced with a new slide that was much taller. He was a bit scared but his grandfather urged him to try it. He was glad he did because it was so much fun.
Last night my niece called me in a panic. Her daughter was admitted to a college in Alabama. She wanted to accept before getting a financial aid offer. I told my niece I would talk to her daughter about waiting. My niece hopes I can convince her daughter to wait for financial aid.
Melvin wanted to arm wrestle. He challenged his older brother. His older brother accepted. It hurt the Melvin's arm. Melvin didn't want to arm wrestle any more.
Oliver was very annoyed by the next door neighbor's barking dog. He tried discussing it with them, but they were unsympathetic. Oliver joined forces with other annoyed neighbors to write a letter. They sent their complaint to the city's animal control agency. The agency warned the offenders, who finally quieted their dog down.
I did an mTurk assignment about BLM. I was shown photos of protests and rallies. I was asked about my anger and fear levels. After fifty hits I had to stop. The photos were making me too upset.
Greg wanted to meet someone. He went to a singles bar. No one there was appropriate. The dating sites he signed up for just bombarded him with ads. Eventually he gave up and died alone.
Betty trained her dog Jack to do a lot of tricks. Jack was a natural. Betty decided to enter Jack in the town dog show. They practiced every day and Jack even got a haircut. The big day came and Jack took home all the prizes!
Rachel was dyeing her hair a bright red color. She had finished washing her hair and was ready to see the results. When she looked in the mirror she saw a terrible blue color. She had messed up on some step along the way. She had a week to wait before she could fix the color.
Tom and Jane were married a few years. Their relationship became stale. Neither felt much love for each other anymore. They decided to divorce on good terms. It was stressful but necessary.
Tim always leaves a mess on his bus. When he is driving, he doesn't notice that people leave trash. But the next driver that uses his bus notices. So, Tim's boss reminds him he needs to pick up after the passengers. Now there isn't a mess on his bus anymore.
Tom wanted to go shopping for groceries. He made a list. He drove to the store. He purchased the items on the list. He returned home with the groceries.
Jake was normally a very subdued person. His friends would try to get him excited about things, to no avail. His friends then got together to plan out a surprise party for him. He had no idea this would be taking place. When they surprised him, he was overjoyed and hopped into the air.
The Smith family used to go to Universal Studios for vacation. One year Universal was closed for renovations, so they went to Disney. They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World. They ate great food and watched fireworks every night. Now the Smiths go to Disney every year!
A man hosted a dinner party. He wanted to play matchmaker. He thought two of his friends were perfect for each other. It was a disaster, and they both left angry. They had dated for years, and broken up acrimoniously.
Jesse was a hair stylist. She made really great money. She would talk with her clients during the entire haircut. Her clients loved her. One client gave her a $1000 tip and made her happy.
Hank felt guilty about doing so little work each day. So he decided to learn programming. Within a few years, he was writing various types of programs. And he began selling them online. He no longer felt guilty for wasting his time.
Sarah and her sisters went to the local swimming pool. While there, they swam from one end of the pool to the other end. They also practiced their backstroke techniques. In addition, they jumped off the diving board a few times for fun. After swimming, they returned home to be with their parents.
My big dog is so afraid of storms. He can sense them well before I can. He whimpers and hides in his cage. He won't come out until the storms pass. As soon as they are over, he is always so happy!
Joe wanted to play baseball, but instead became a salesman. Today, he was meeting with potentially his biggest client. He pretended he was stepping up to bat when he sat at the table. Each point in his presentation was like a home run to him. Instead of winning his imaginary game, he won a new client.
Joey wanted to see what happened if you put metal in a microwave. He put a metal spoon in and turned it on. Sure enough, it started sparking and zapping all over the place! Unfortunately for Joey, his parents also heard the commotion. After seeing what was happening, they grounded him for three days.
I worked with an attractive girl. I was nervous asking her out. She ended up asking me out. We spent an awful evening together. We were polite but distant at work from then on.
Larry loved comic books. He grew up reading them all the time. He had built up a large collection of them. Now he spends more time talking about them than reading them. He still grows his collection, though.
Stephanie had always wanted to be a spy. The only issue was that she didn't know anything. So, Stephanie went to a very big college. She studied very hard and got good grades. Finally, Stephanie graduated and was able to become a spy.
Quinn was good at drawing. In art class, he was always praised by the teacher. Quinn showed off his own drawings, and insulted other people's art. The teacher said Quinn was a good artist, but not a nice person. Quinn was embarrassed, and stopped being a bully.
Stephen had to get dinner started for the family. He asked the family what they wanted but nobody agreed on anything. He tried to make suggestions, but everyone just argued. So he packed everyone in the car and went to a buffet. Everyone was happy with this since they could choose what they want.
I washed my face to make myself feel better. I was stressed out earlier today but I got fresh new towel. I dampened the towel with soap and water. I scrubbed my face by making very small circles. I rinsed, dried and smiled at myself in the mirror.
I told my roommate that I didn't want to go to class today. She asked me if it was the class with the cute boy I liked. I realized it was and hurried to get ready. I barely made and accidentally sat down next to him. He asked me if I'd like to get lunch after class.
Kent is playing a game of chess. He moves his queen forward. His opponent is now trapped. His opponent moves a pawn. Kent moves his bishop and wins the game.
William never thought he would become American president. He grew up poor and unremarkable. His ideas resonated with the people. Eventually he kept winning votes. Before he knew it he was being inaugurated.
Denise had a dream to become a dancer. Her mom was practical and didn't want Denise to become a dance. Denise was determined to show her mom how good she was. Denise decided for the family get together. Denise was amazing, she changed her Mom's mind with her dance.
Derrick had just lost his job. He typed out a new resume. Derrick went to several businesses. Derrick handed out his resumes. He had a new job in a week.
John decided he would make all his decisions by flipping a coin. On his first day of doing this, the coin told him to walk to work. John made the four mile journey on foot. He got to work on time, but covered in embarrassing sweat marks. John decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin.
Jim decided to form a club. He told his buddies to come over to his place after school. They decided to make movies together. They shot a film and put it on You Tube. Now their movie called The Club has over a million views!
Susie had a lot of goals for her children. She wanted them all to go to a good college to lead to a career. But her daughter Amy had a different plan. Amy had wanted to go into the military and Susie wasn't ready for that. When Susie found out she was heartbroken and tried convincing her not.
Katie had a horse named Sugar Plum. Sugar Plum ran away from Katie's property because she was lonely. Katie was so sad, but she didn't give up. She built a fence and got another horse. Sugar Plum seen the horse and came back.
Kathy was applying for a job. She had no experience so she made a fake resume. On the resume, she put her friend's phone numbers as fake employers. She was really worried that they would find out. Luckily, they didn't and she got the job.
Nancy bought her dog a squeaky stuffed animal. The dog loved it and carried it around constantly for days. Yesterday, when Nancy got home the dog didn't have the toy. She looked around and saw white stuffing all over the floor. The dog had ripped the toy to shreds.
Darcy offered Ryan the last of her cigarette. She was finished, and thought he might want some. He said that he did, but only if she was finished. She was finished, so gave it to him. Ryan finished the cigarette.
Our office deals with hundreds of dollars in cash a day. To combat theft, my bosses installed security cameras. One day I found that one was not working properly. I climbed up to take a look at the camera. I fixed the cord that somehow popped out of place.
Kendra was trying to listen to her music. Her sound was cutting in and out. She tried to adjust the cord but it snapped entirely. Without her cord, she had no way to listen to her music. It was a week before she could replace the cord.
Penny was playing with her friends at the park. She went down the slide but fell off the side. She got a bump on her head the size of an egg. Her dad picked her up and held her while she cried. She never went on slides again.
Elena was singing on stage. A large fly was moving around the area. It landed in Elena's mouth. She started to joke. One of the people in the audience jumped on stage to save her.
I have a younger brother. When we were kids I used to like to beat him up. Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won. But one year, my brother had grown taller than me. I was quite surprised when he won the fight I started with him.
Laura was president of her debate team. Today was their big meet. Laura had been practicing for this debate all week. She ended up finishing 1st place. Laura and her debate team celebrated afterwards.
The man did something interesting. Somebody noticed. Somebody asked to film the man's life. The man agreed. They made an interesting documentary together.
Jake was very proud of his body. He had been exercising for years to be in good shape. When Jake met Cassandra, she admitted not liking his big muscles. Jake tried to stop exercising as much but gained weight. He chose to exercise again to the dismay of Cassandra.
Caity was going roller skating. She paid for her entrance. Then, she got her size of roller skates. She spent an hour or two skating. Then, she went home.
Lars feels a little bit bored after spending the day alone. He decides to watch a movie. He chooses to watch a scary science fiction movie. At the end of it he feels very afraid. He isn't sure if feeling afraid is better than feeling bored.
Monicka was an exchange student from Europe visiting for the summer. Her host family treated her as if she were there own child. Monicka's host family enjoyed having her around. Over the summer, Monika's host family took sight seeing everywhere. Monicka felt really close to the family.
Antonio went to the barber to get a haircut. When he arrived there was a 30-minute wait to get in a chair. The barber offered the services of a student barber with no wait. Antonio took a chance and let the student barber cut his hair. He loved the cut and it was half the price.
Todd and Sam had planned a beach trip for the coming weekend. They left Saturday morning bright and early to get a good spot. Upon arriving at the beach they set out a towel and laid down. After a few minutes, a large group of storm clouds appeared. Todd and Sam packed up their beach towels and headed back home.
Karen was going to return her library book. She looked all over for it. She could not find it anywhere. She thought she had lost it! Then she found it under her bed.
John is traveling to San Diego next week. He has never been to California before. However, he forgot to pack until the last minute. So he's been frantically getting everything together. He won't make that mistake.
My girlfriend got tickets to the Packers-Bears game on Thanksgiving. The reason was that we both wanted to see Brett Favre one more time. We drove to Green Bay and ate at Brett Favre's Steakhouse. The weather was terrible but the crowd at the game was electric. It was great when he gave his speech at halftime.
Fred wanted to try the Paleo diet. It was all the rage. He thought it would be good. But after one day he quit. It was too hard to not eat bread.
I was waiting to catch my plane at the local airport. It was pretty boring waiting all that time. I decided to spice things up with some interpretative dancing. The airport security people were not remotely amused. They took me to a small room and questioned me for hours.
Ellie went for a walk one summer day. It suddenly started pouring down rain. Ellie looked around for shelter. She ran to a pavilion to avoid getting wet. When the rain stopped, she finished her walk in the park.
Wendy was in the car with her mom. Suddenly, they began to fight. Wendy got so mad, she tried to leave the car. Her mom scolded her loudly. Wendy got back in the car and apologized.
Mary made good grades all through school. She entered high school and school got tougher. She earned her first "B" in calculus. Mary tried to talk to her teacher. Mary learned she had to study more.
Brian and Karyn decided to make milkshakes for their friends. Brian used a wooden spoon to push the ice cream in the blender. The spoon got too close to the blades and splintered into pieces. Karyn and Brian strained the shakes and took out the wood splinters. No one ever found out about the splinters in the shakes.
The boy drowned. The county drained the reservoir. They recovered the body. The autopsy was done. It was ruled an accident.
Anna loved to ride on taxis. She liked them because she didn't have to drive. One day, she went to another country. After that, she searched for many hours for a taxi. Finally, she found one taxi near a mall.
Bill was at his desk working when his phone rang. It was his secretary who had forgotten her building key. He went to let her in, but she wasn't at the door. He stepped out and looked for her. As the door clicked shut, he realized he did not have his own keys.
Rob had an adorable Bulldog named Ralph. Rob filmed Ralph riding down his driveway on a skateboard. Rob uploaded the video to Youtube just for kicks. The video got a million hits in the first few days of its upload. Now Rob has a successful video series called Rob and Ralph Do Tricks.
Tom's high school had its annual talent show coming up. Tom decided he would like to play his electric guitar in the show. Tom practiced his song every night for two weeks. Finally the day of the talent show came. Tom blew away the whole school with his song!
Angela liked fashion a lot. She wore risky clothes to work often. She was warned about dressing better. Angela refused to change what she wore. She was fired from her job because of her clothing.
Three impoverished men were desperate for money. One of them decided it would be a good idea to rob a bank. The three men pooled their money together and bought a gun. The three men went into a bank and pointed the gun at the teller. The three men successfully robbed a bank.
Kay wanted her family to eat more healthfully. But fresh fruits and veggies were prohibitively expensive! Then Kay decided to try to grow her own! She set up a garden and planted seeds. Soon she and her family were eating fresh, healthy homegrown produce!
Jeremiah was a policeman who got injured while on duty. He spent two weeks watching tv on the couch in his cast. Wanting to get back to work, he walked into the police station. He had his cast on him, but he claimed he was ready for duty. His boss sent him home and thought he was crazy.
The Smiths decided to get a puppy during the summer. They talked to some family friends for help deciding the breed. They decided on getting a corgi. The Smiths picked up the corgi, Molly, from the breeder. They had lots of fun raising Molly the rest of the summer.
Mitt was going bungee jumping. At first he was very nervous. But when he took the plunge, his tension disappeared. In its place was a wild joy! Mitt adored the rush of bungee jumping!
David always thought that he could eat anything. However, on his trip to India, he found that some food made him ill. He spent half of his trip resting in bed. He was the least resilient of any of his friends. David no longer thought he could eat whatever he wanted.
Bill turned 21 last week. He went to his first bar and had his first few drinks. His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it. He got pretty drunk and had a good time. His girlfriend drove him home, thankfully.
Billy was so excited to go fishing with his grandfather. It was his first time ever fishing. He and his grandfather went out on a boat early in the morning. Billy didn't realize how boring it would be waiting for the fish! Just when he was about to give up he finally caught one.
Jeff wanted to put up lights for Christmas. Jeff decided to put up lights on Thanksgiving. Before having dinner, Jeff worked on putting up the lights. He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family. Jeff could not finish putting up lights before Thanksgiving was over.
Carl bought a new pair of boots. He spent way too much on them. All of his friend told him he was crazy to spend that much on boots. After wearing them an hour his feet hurt miserably. He continued wearing them just to feel like he got his money's worth.
Tom found a girlfriend. Tom wanted a romantic first date. Tom thought of a picnic. Tom would set up the picnic on a hill in the night. His girlfriend was impressed at his efforts.
Dan was sick of the bully John torturing him in his high school. He wanted to find a way to end it all and punish the bully as well. Dan thought of many solutions and finally realized one. He decided to set a camera where the bully would beat him up. When John beat him up, he finally had footage to take the bully down.
Kim was a vegetarian for 10 years. She had been considering returning to meat. One day when she was at a restaurant she ordered salmon. Her husband was in the restroom. When the food arrived he watched in shock as she ate fish.
Sally was hungry. She decided to make a sandwich. All she had was peanut butter and jelly. She made a sandwich. As she went to eat, she dropped her entire sandwich on the floor.
Milton warmed the bread. He but butter on it. He brought it to his wife. His wife liked warm buttered bread. She hugged him in appreciation.
Neil was traveling in the United Kingdom. He was leaving England and entering Scotland. He decided to visit Edinburgh first. There, he found good food and friendly locals. Neil thought Edinburgh was a wonderful city!
Luke was in his third year of college. He was ecstatic and curious when he heard about a film studies course. He thought it had to be too good to be true. He was aw realizing all they did was sit around studying movies. He got an A in the course and changed his major to film studies.
Jim was an engineer. He often felt bored at his job. He wanted to quit and become a famous skateboarder. Jim finally got the courage one day and quit his job. Jim practiced everyday but was never good enough to turn professional.
Brad has graduated high school. His summer passes by so quickly. It's time for him to head off to college. He says goodbye to his old friends and family. Brad leaves for college and never looks back.
Tonight I played chess with Max. We play five games of speed chess online. Max won the first two games. I won the next two. I won the rubber match, 3-2.
I could hear my neighbor's stereo from my bedroom. I went downstairs and asked him to turn it down. He said he would. I went back upstairs and went back to bed. Ten minutes later, the music started up again.
The other day I ordered asian food. I wanted to try a Tofu dish. So I tried some and was not impressed. The tofu was very soft. It was so bad I could not finish it.
We found a car wash that was automatic. We had to stop and remove the antennae. As we drove into the wash, the water came down. The car was covered in soap. The kids laughed loudly at the experience.
The man studied law. He took the bar exam. He did not pass the exam. He hired a tutor. The tutor helped him pass the exam.
Susan went on a rafting trip. She had never been on one before. Her friends insisted it would be carefree and fun. In fact she found it stressful and terrifying. Susan was nearly thrown from the raft twice by the jerking.
Matt got lost in the market. He ran isle to isle, in order to find his mother. An hour later, he was starting to panic. His mother eventually saw him on the ground crying. She rushed to pick him up.
My grandpa had a dog named Boy. I really loved Boy and played with him often. One day, Boy started leading me on a trail. I followed him, until I heard people talking and a grill smoking. He had led me straight to a house party to get him hot dogs!
One morning I woke up and my dog was very ill. It appeared the old dog was dying. I called the vet and scheduled an appointment to put the dog down. I carried the dog to the car. The faithful dog saved me vet fees by passing away in the car.
Mike was incredibly thirsty. He had just finished running two miles. His sister saw him coming inside and decided to play a trick. She put salt into the water bottles. John took a sip, and spit out all the water.
One day, a mother and her 10-year old son took a walk. They decided to go to their favorite park. As they walked, they began to see people holding balloons. The little boy asked his mother if he could get a balloon. They found the person selling balloons and bought two red ones.
Stella was graduating from her high school. She wanted to host a bonfire party for her friends. First she had to find the perfect location. She searched agonizingly for hours. Finally, she found the perfect spot and the party was a huge hit.
I said I would do just that. My step dad said I should grill next time. I complained that the burger was undercooked. I took one bite into it. My step dad always did the grilling.
A kitten was born in an abandoned house. It learned to hunt and survive on its own. Later it was found and adopted by a human. The human coddled and fed it. It eventually forgot how to hunt and became fat.
Harry and a female friend started to talk often. One day Harry asked if his friend if she wanted to hang out at night. She said yes to him and Harry felt very anxious all day. He went home and prepared to sneak out with his girlfriend. After sneaking out, the two hung out and had a lot of fun.
Today's lunch break was unique. The owner of the company was there eating. I had never seen him do that before. I even got a chance to speak with him. He told me I was getting a raise!
The Smith's couldn't find their cat anywhere. They wondered if she got outside when the door was open. They called and called, and even got a cat treat. Finally they heard meowing from the Christmas tree. She was almost at the very top snuggled in the branches.
Ana wanted to read an old book. She couldn't find it at any store. She went online and ordered it. It arrived two weeks later. Ana went home and read it immediately!
Larry noticed that the doorknob for his bathroom was becoming worn. He decided it was time for a replacement. Larry researched the best door knobs until finally he found a good one. He replaced the doorknob himself. Now Larry is satisfied that he no longer has a worn doorknob.
I can see a pond across the street from my apartment. On Tuesday I saw some birds on the water. They looked like puffins. I got out my telescope, excited. I was disappointed to see they were only seagulls.
Tom was a mixed martial artist who was struggling. He kept losing fights. He dropped down to an easier promotion and changed training. He got with a whole new camp. It made a huge difference and Tom started winning.
Jane loved throwing dinner parties. She bought some new plates for a dinner she was hosting. They were white with a gold ring. Jane thought they would set a very elegant tone for the party. When she set the table, she got very excited!
Megan had had a job interview. She did her best and was very friendly. Then she went home and eagerly awaited a call back. Within a week, the employer called her with good news. They offered Megan a great job with a high salary!
Grayson begged to have his Xbox back. His parents told him he couldn't because he was still punished. Grayson snuck downstairs at night to find the xbox. He found it, and started walking back to his room. He tripped on a lego though, and broke the xbox into pieces.
Peter's favorite activity was playing cards. Every day he would play with Ed, his best friend. One day Ed told Peter that he would be moving to a new town. Peter was very sad that Ed would be leaving. The next day, Ed told Peter his plans changed and he would be staying!
Joe and his brother loved the Who. That's why Joe got tickets to a Who concert for his brothers birthday. They got ready and drove to the concert. His brother was so excited. They both had fun at the concert.
Molly had no coat. She told her mom . Molly's mom made her one. Molly loved her new coat. Her coat was handmade from rags.
The man checked the tires. He recommended replacements. The customer agreed without checking cost. The man installed replacements. The customer was shocked by the high price.
Gina bought a teen mag at Walgreens. She only read the articles of the groups she liked. But she loved posters of any group. After reading the magazine she carefully removed the staples. She didn't put holes in the posters by ripping them out.
Christine had recently started dating a new man. She really wanted to impress him. She decided to make him dinner at home. Christine cooked a brand new recipe. She did a great job on her cooking and the man was impressed with her.
The man put on an old shirt. It was his cleaning shirt. He scrubbed the whole house. His shirt got filthy. He threw his cleaning shirt away.
The Smiths took a family trip to Southern California. They spent their first day of the trip at Malibu Beach. It was a very sunny day, so they applied plenty of suntan lotion. Even still, they got a little sun burnt. They made sure to pack the sunblock upon returning to the beach.
A killer was on the loose in Simonstown. Jenny and Jessica were out past curfew one night. While walking down a dark street, the killer attacked! Jenny and Jessica ran, but Jenny tripped and fell. Jessica got away, Jenny got added to the body count.
The surgeon was working on a patient's wisdom teeth. He had to take out 4 of them. He ended up messing up. Since he made the patient sign a waiver, the patient could not sue. The patient wrote a bad review online though.
Carl had a great smile. He took very good care of his teeth. He cared a lot about keeping them healthy. He flossed every day and brushed three times each day. Everyone commented on how great his teeth were.
Mia is a big dog that lived in a family with two cats. She liked the cats, but wished for a dog that she could play with. One day, a neighbor asked if Mia would like to play with her dog. The two dogs ran and played together for a long time. Mia was very happy to have made a new  dog friend.
Hayley was in a band with 2 guys. They got into an argument. This lasted for months. The 2 guys left the band. Hayley decided to find new members.
Nick loved tomatoes. While Nick was in the army his mom went to work on a garden. It was Nick's garden and filled with tomato plants. The tomatoes covered the plants when Nick came home for leave. Nick had a fresh tomato feast.
The kitchen needed a new cook. The owners put an ad in the paper. Several applicants came in. The owners liked Sue the best. Sue got the job at the restaurant.
Walter always wanted the thermostat at 72 degrees. His wife always wanted it at 75. Every time they got the chance they would change it. It became a bit of a game after a while. Eventually it averaged out to 74.
Dee was a chain smoker. She got pregnant one day. Her mother told her she had to quit for the baby. Dee told her to leave her alone, and lit up a cigarette. Dee's baby was born stillborn months later.
John's allergies have been bothering him for a week. He has taken all the medication he can think of. John decided to go to the doctor, and see if he can help. The doctor gave John some medication. The medicine helped with John's allergies.
The lead actor in a play couldn't find his costume shirt. He asked the prop manager if he could find it. They both searched high and low for the shirt. The prop manager found it behind a box backstage. The actor put the shirt on and ran on stage.
Eric decided his dog needed a buddy. He first decided to try a cat. He brought home a another dog, and that didn't work. Next, he brought home a kitten. Eric's dog now has a kitten friend with whom he can't be separated.
Growing up, Tim always wanted to play professional baseball. He practiced his hitting day in and day out, rain or shine. He was always the first one to show up and the last to leave practice. Coaches always sung his praises. Eventually, his hard work paid off as Tim was drafted into the MLB.
Six-year-old Henry was feeling mature and independent. Handing his bear over to his mother, he said he was too old for it. He had slept with the bear every night since he was a baby. Later that night, Henry regretted his decision, but was embarrassed. He never asked for the bear back even though he yearned for it.
John wanted to get a new watch. He asked around about which brand was best, and prices. He decided on a certain brand and headed to the store. I went with to keep him company and also help him look. He eventually found one and was extremely pleased with it!
Tom was watching a documentary. It was on a topic he knew a lot about. Tom noticed a lot of things wrong in it. He wrote a blog detailing it all. It went viral and Tom became semi relevant online.
Lucy wanted cake. Her grandmother insisted she wait until after dinner. It was only noon. Lucy crept into the kitchen and cut a slice of cake. She hid in the pantry eating cake and licking frosting off her hands.
One day Johnny the cat quit eating. His Mom took him to the veterinarian. They vet did an x ray of Johnny. He had bladder stones. The veterinarian did a surgery on Johnny and he's all better.
Tom loved baseball. He was taken to a game for his birthday. It started to rain. The game was cancelled. Tom still enjoyed the part he watched.
Crystal had bad eyesight. She got some glasses from the eye doctor. Everything was so clear! Crystal was happy to finally be able to read comfortably. She wished she'd gotten glasses sooner.
Betty had a craving for mint ice cream. She went to a local ice cream parlor, but they didn't have mint. She went to a grocery store, but they didn't have mint either. Betty ended up buying some ice, some cream, and some mint. Betty went home and made delicious ice cream herself.
Ellis had always been scared of boats. This is due to the fact that he was scared of drowning. One day, Ellis went on vacation. He decided to go on a boat and fight his fears. After Ellis went on the boat, he fell in love with boats.
The Mitchells put a new fence up in their yard. Their neighbors got angry, claiming it encroached onto their yard. The Mitchells went to the town hall and retrieved property records. They showed their neighbors the rightful property line. Proven right, the Mitchells received no more trouble from them.
Scuba divers dove to the bottom of the sea. They didn't know what they would find. It was cold down there. They found a glimmer in the sand. It was buried treasure!
Fred was on the soccer team. Today was their last game. He had to make it count. So he ran on the field blocking opponents. He made the winning goal.
Jim was excited about his upcoming football game. He got to the stadium early and played on his phone. After the game, Jim couldn't find his phone. Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night. He was happy to find out somebody had turned his phone in.
Jonathan got married to his high school sweetheart. In their wedding picture he and his new wife were thin and happy. I saw the two of them at the post office today. They had both gained a lot of weight over the last 5 Years. However, they made a cute couple and still looked very happy together.
The man rubbed his eye. His eye got red. His wife asked to look at it. She suggested eye drops. The eye drops helped.
Sterling wanted to build a wall made of beer bottles. He thought it would impress the ladies that came into his dorm room. Sterling started collecting every bottle he could find. As he started to stack the bottles against the wall they fell. Sterling's room smells like old beer and everyone thinks it stinks.
Kaya was riding her bike home. As she pedaled, her phone rang. She tried to pull it out of her pocket. But she wavered and her bike fell over! Thankfully, Kaya was unhurt.
Cade loves to dig in the dirt. He finds all sorts of things in the ground, so he starts digging. He pulls out a gummy worm, and thinks it still looks good. Yuck, that was gross! That wasn't a gummy worm after all!
Bob went to the barber for a trim before prom. He just needed to shave his hairline in the back to finish up. As he was doing it the barber sneezed. The razor went up the back of Bob's head. He had an almost bald streak down the center of his head!
I used to sell books on eBay. I would try to sell larger lots. One day I sold 21 books. The buyer claimed two books were missing. I gave him a partial refund and he was happy.
Matt was browsing an internet forum. He came across a post he disagreed with, so he posted a response. His response started an argument that lasted for two hours. After hundreds of messages back and forth, Matt was exhausted. He went to bed and forgot about the whole argument.
A baby was left by his mom. The Mom's grandmother took the baby in and made him his own. The baby grew to recognize his Grandmother has his Mom. The Grandmother said You are my child. The Child never knew his mom.
Every year Jill would go to her grandparents for Easter. This year they were going to have a special egg hunt. Many of the eggs would have money and prizes. Jill brought her basket. She found the most eggs out of everybody there.
On July 4th, 2016 Alan and Fran will be married for 13years. They did not have anything planned to celebrate the day. Nor did they tell each other Happy Anniversary. Neither of them seemed to think it was a special day to acknowledge. Now they're both worried that their marriage might be in trouble.
My friend Danilo invited me to a concert. I didn't want to go because I didn't like the band that was playing. Danilo thought I didn't want to go because I was mad at him. I told him that wasn't the case. He felt relieved and went to the concert with his brother, instead.
She couldn't feel anything anymore. The feeling was frightening to her. She sat, stone cold and tired. She didn't want to do anything that day. She just wanted to give up.
Amy was having lunch with her friend Ella. Ella was telling Amy about her family. Just then her brother walked over to the table. Amy looked up to see her Crush Ray. Amy was elated to learn Ray was her new friends twin.
Tom was going out with friends. He decided to pre-game at home. Tom drank a bit too much. By the time came to go out he was too drunk. He wound up staying home instead.
Dottie loved the rose bushes in her front yard. But one day she noticed that there were holes in the leaves. Dottie looked closer and saw lots of shiny beatles on the leaves. Dottie realized the beatles were eating her rose bushes. Dottie went to the gardening supply store to buy some insecticide.
Edna felt nervous and jittery most of the time. She also drank several cups of coffee every day. A friend suggested that the coffee was making Edna jittery. Edna tried decaffeinated coffee, but still felt jittery. It turned out that Edna was just a nervous person.
Sammy found swimming in the lake very enjoyable this summer. He went every morning and swam for hours. The summer was coming to an end, Sam would miss swimming. He decided to join a gym that had a pool. Now Sam could swim all year.
Kim's mother didn't want her to have Garbage Pail Kids cards. Kim bought cards and hid them in her desk at school. On Thursday her friend had new cards and wanted to trade with Kim. Kim lifted her desk to discover her cards were gone. Kim's cards had been stolen from her desk at school.
Denise wanted to learn how to apply her own makeup. Denise decided she would watch tutorials on YouTube for help. After locating a tutorial, Denise tried to use her new found skills. However, Denise realized she would need more makeup lessons. Denise decided to subscribe to the channel so she could learn more.
Mark's favorite team was playing football on television. The team made lots of touchdowns during the game. The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown. Mark cheered and laughed when he saw his team score. Mark's team won the game.
Gary's wife had been pestering him to mow the lawn. Gary grumbled and went to the garage to get the mower. He started it up and began cutting the grass. He passed under a wasps nest and a swarm of wasps stung him. Thankfully the ambulance got to him before his throat closed.
I kept getting a message that my phone needed updated. I finally broke down and did the update. I was worried that it might mess my phone up. It only took a few minutes. My phone was no different after the update than it was before.
Jerry was a tough kid from a tough neighborhood. He has been in and out of prison for multiple offenses. It didn't take long before he was indicted for first degree murder. He spent Years in prison for his crime but found redemption in Christ. Once he was released he became a pastor for convicts.
He dropped to his knees to examine the find. He brushed away loose dirt with his brush. His eyes grew wide with what he saw. The bones extended far back into the hillside. He had found something big!
The ship took off from the port. Thousands of passengers were on board. During the night, the ship can into a glacier. Several officials evacuated everyone out of the ship. Everyone managed to escape before the ship sunk.
Jeff was the expert at school with movie quotes. His friends spent all of lunch quizzing him on quotes. He was able to identify each movie by the quote. All of the friends cheered him on when he got it right. Jeff took a bow at the end of the cheers.
Kara found a stray kitten. She took it home and nursed him. Soon he grew stronger and sturdier. Before long he was a full-grown cat, healthy and happy! Kara was so glad she had rescued the stray.
It was christmas morning in West Virginia. Hailey went down first very early to see what Santa had left. There were all size presents under the tree for her and her family. Hailey hears a small chirping, and looks to see what it is. It was a nest, with a baby bird in the tree, the smallest present.
The family headed to the theater. The were going to see a new movie. They bought popcorn and took their seats. They all laughed so much. It was the funniest movie they'd seen all year!
Jerry's wife wants a new puppy. Jerry was never much of a dog person, but he loved his wife dearly. At the weekend, Jerry took his wife to the pet store to have look. His wife begged and begged for a pit-bull, but Jerry wasn't happy. The couple agreed on a Labrador and they couldn't have been happier.
Edna needed a new dress for the school dance. She went to the mall with a friend to try them on. After trying on at least a hundred dresses, she was discouraged. Then she saw a dress that she fell in love with. It fit her perfectly and she bought it on the spot.
Jill wanted to quit smoking. She hated the way her clothes smelled all the time. She threw out all her ashtrays and lighters. She bought nicotine gum from the store. Jill was able to successfully quit after 5 Years of smoking.
I love blueberry muffins. Yesterday we had muffins for breakfast. My muffin has almost no blueberries. I took a photo and snapchatted it. I also sent a photo to the store but got no response.
I went to play laser tag. If you got hit you had to return to base. You had to recharge your ammo. It was hard to hit people. My team lost.
Sam always loved dogs. His grandparents have several dogs at their home. After church one Sunday, Sam went to visit his grandparents. During the visit, one of the dogs bit Sam. Now Sam is timid whenever around dogs.
It was a hot day. So Jim put his fan on its highest setting. But eventually, the fan's noise became unbearable. Jim didn't have enough money to buy a better fan. So he wore earplugs the rest of the day.
Melissa was hosting her family's Thanksgiving for the first time. She was a little nervous, but thought she could pull it off. Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long. It was badly burnt, and the main course ruined. Melissa decided to let someone else host next year.
Tom's plants were all dying. He kept trying to give them water. Finally a friend told him he was probably drowning them. Tom started giving them less water. He noticed the plants started getting better.
Fred was so nervous for his test. He was afraid he wouldn't do well. But all the sudden he did well. It wasn't as hard as he thought. Hence Fred was thrilled.
Mary had a lot of knee trouble. She could not bend her knee to kneel down at church. She decided to go to the doctor and look for help. The doctor ordered an MRI and decided she needed surgery. Mary had surgery and now has almost full use of her knee without pain.
The man made a joke. The woman laughed at it. The man told the same joke later. The woman was not impressed. The man realized his mistake.
The bloods and the crips are always enemies. They travelled in big groups. They saw each other by the store. They instantly started shooting. They all died.
Amy was in London for a week. She always wanted to ride upstairs on a double decker bus. She excitedly boarded and went up to the mostly empty second floor. She hadn't anticipated the weather to being cool. She ended up having to sit inside the bus.
Hannah went to the grocery store to stock up on food. She was excited to make something special for her fiance's birthday. She found every ingredient and drove home to cook. Her fiance came home a few hours later to a delicious looking meal. He enjoyed his birthday dinner.
Daniel was very lonely and started an online dating profile. He met a woman and decided to meet her in real life. When he arrived at the restaurant he saw his neighbor Sally. He was shocked to see that it was his neighbor he'd been talking to. Daniel and Sally got engaged shortly after their first date.
May was feeling very depressed and unloved. She contemplated ending her own life. On a lark, she called a hotline she found online. The person who answered was kind and understanding. May became convinced she did not want to die that day.
Elizabeth loved to do arts and crafts. One day school was canceled because of snow. Elizabeth was getting bored sitting at home. Then she remembered she could do art. Elizabeth made a box for her earrings and had fun.
Amy woke her friends Lynn, and Kim up at 12:30 PM. They needed to walk to the store. The girls were hesitant to wake up. Amy threw the curtains open, and flooded the room with light. The groggy girls got up, and dressed for a walk to the store.
Corina was very proud of her social circle. She had thousand of friends on Facebook. She wrote to many of them every day. But when it came down to it, she had no real friends. And when she needed support or help, she was alone.
Mary always felt bad about being pale. She decided to get a tan. She went to a salon. While in the bed she slept through her alarm. She was really badly burned.
Josh draws caricatures as a side job. It is not particularly lucrative, though. Yesterday was a good day. He made over a hundred dollars in one sitting. As such, he will probably continue doing it for a while.
Sue saw a person in a parking lot that needed help with her car. Sue pulled up and asked what the problem was. The person said that her car needed a jump. Sue jump started the car for her. The car started right up and Sue felt good about herself.
Matt's family decided to move to the other side of the country. He tried to hold back the tears as he said goodbye to his best friend. Matt told his parents it wasn't fair. When they got to their new home, his parents had a surprise. Matt now texts his best friend on his very own smartphone.
Natalie loved roller coasters. She went to a local amusement park. She went on every ride several times. She rode until she felt sick. When it was time to go home, Natalie was exhausted.
The Wilson family just moved to their new home. They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes. They weren't familiar with them. They ignored the warnings of one heading their way. Their house was destroyed and they all died.
Anne loved to see the colorful and beautiful bird outside her window. When winter came, the bird stopping appearing at her window. Anne became very sad and depressed. She believed that the bird had passed away. Spring came fast and with it came Anne's bird with a new family!
Sam was meeting his father for lunch at an Italian restaurant. He got there early and waited for his father. He began to worry when his father didn't show up or respond. He called his mother to see what was going on. His mother told him that their lunch plans were suppose to be tomorrow.
A family noticed the rain was really pouring. They saw the rain pile up. The whole street got flooded! The water began to come to their house. The water entered in and flooded it.
Melinda is on her way home from the gym. Her car starts to smoke. She pulls over and calls for help. The tow truck arrives to get her car. Melinda lost a lot of money with her car breaking down.
Tom got stuck watching a new show. He stayed up all night binge watching it. The next day he could barely stay awake at work. His boss noticed him falling asleep. Tom almost got into trouble because of it.
Vladimir decides he need to eat more vegetables. He goes to the grocery store but can't find anything he likes. Finally he realizes that he wants to try some carrots. When he gets home, he eats a delicious carrot. Vladimir is happy that he finally is eating vegetables.
Luna was bored. She decided to sleep. She tossed and turned to no avail. Luna opened the blinds and looked outside. She realized it was only 6:30 pm.
I flew to Kansas to meet my fiance. When I got off the plane, he was not at the airport waiting for me. I called his cell phone and he told me he was with his girlfriend. I told him that I'm going to keep the engagement ring. I bought a ticket home using his credit card.
The man gathered his briefcase and his coat. He boarded the plane and sat down. He was looking forward to an uneventful flight. A small child sat next to him and started throwing toys. The man couldn't wait to get off this plane!
We have wanted to go to the Creation Museum for years. We often drive past it on trips to Ohio. We have, unfortunately, never been able to stop to see it. This year we finally got to go to the Museum! It was definitely worth the wait.
Barbara had been baking for over 40 years. She loved experimenting with all kinds of cookies. One of her most popular cookies was the "monster" cookie. It was blue and had many different chips and nuts mixed in. Barbara entered the monster cookie into a local contest and won.
Anna had just turned 21. Her friends took her out to celebrate. They bought her a bottle of rum. But Anna overdid it and was sick. She vowed never to touch rum again!
I played chess with a friend. I was white and he was black. On the third move I took his queen. He was unable to recover. I beat him handily.
Curt loved to fly. He got his pilot's license as soon as he could. He got a job at the airport. It was really hard work. When he retired he didn't like to fly anymore.
George and Jane went to the beach. George loved to surf, so he brought his board. Jane warned him about sharks, but he wouldn't listen. He surfed for hours. Then a great white shark bit in him half.
Tom had a birthday coming up. His friends planned a surprise party for him. One of the friends let the secret out. Tom still pretended to be surprised. Everyone had a great time at the party.
When I was younger my mom used to punish me by grounding. She'd take my things away and send me to my room. Yesterday, she admitted she'd ground me for no reason sometimes. She told me this when she was drunk out of her mind. Now this morning she doesn't remember saying it.
Kate had the perfect church home. The one place for peace, praying and gathering as God ask her to. Kate had been a member for years. The most disturbing thing turn out to be church was not real. Kate church was busted and she had to find another church home.
I had been out of the hospital for a week. While there a scratch near my leg had gotten infected. Trying to avoid the hospital again I tried taking care of it myself. It continued to get worse so I went back to the hospital. It was worse than I thought and I needed emergency surgery.
Yesterday I bought my husband a new suit. When he saw it he was absolutely pleased. He immediately tried it on. The suit fit perfectly. However to my dismay he spilled some wine on it.
I was at work in technical support when an angry customer called me. He yelled and cursed at me because his internet was not working. I kept my calm and courteously asked him questions about his problem. His internet came on after I asked him to remove a bad phone filter. The customer praised me highly on a survey because he was so happy.
The man heated up the pan. The pan began to smoke. He looked at the bottom of the pan. He replaced the pan on the stove. He turned on the stove fan.
Jason loved to play varsity football. The thrill of pounding the enemy team into submission exhilarated him. In one game, he accidentally broke another kid's ankle. His coach told him that he couldn't play for the rest of the season. Jason learned about his mistake and gifted the kid he hurt.
Maggie came back from work. She was tired and did not want to see anybody. She made her afternoon coffee. In the minute she turned on TV, somebody knocked on the door. She pretended she was not at home.
The man washed his pants. They shrunk a full size. The man tried to return the pants. The store asked if they had been washed. The man said that they had not.
Gina hadn't shaved her legs in weeks. And she had been wearing socks everyday. One night she took her socks off before bed. The leg below the ankle was bare, and smooth. The socks had rubbed the hair off of her ankles.
Erin wanted to buy a book from an online store. Erin made an account and purchased the book. The book never came so Erin contacted the seller. The seller never replied, so Eren contacted customer support. Erin eventually got his money back.
Johnny wanted to earn an allowance. He took out the trash. He cleaned his room. He even cleaned the dishes in the sink. His mom merely patted him on the head and said thanks.
Leroy found an old Ford that he wanted to restore. He purchased it for five thousand dollars and took it home. He spent three years replacing broken or worn parts. He had it repainted jet black. He was very proud of his beautiful car and all the work he had done.
Walter paid for a bouquet to be delivered to his wife. She was at work at the office all day. The delivery person got the name wrong. A different woman got the flowers. Walter's wife thought it was funny when she found out.
I had a placemat on the table. I got spaghetti sauce on it. I put it in the washing machine. Later I put it in the dryer. My wife put it back on the table.
As I got ready this morning I realized I had no clean socks. I asked Mike to borrow a pair of socks but he said no. I was then going to wear a dirty pair but they smelled. So I took a pair of suck and washed them in the sink. I have clean socks now but my feet are all wet.
Gina was going through the medicine cabinet. She was just curious about the various bottles. She found a bottle of vitamins and took two. She took two each day for a month. She finally read the label and saw iron could be toxic in large doses.
Bill got some surprise money. He didn't know what to do with it. He asked his dad. His dad told him to invest it. He did so.
The floor outside the library was dusty. Gina looked a her hand to see it was covered in dust. She wondered when they had swept this hallway last. She stood and saw dust on her pants as well. She decided she would stand instead.
Lea was taking a family trip to her native Hawaii. When they arrived, she fell in love with the beautiful island! She wished she never had to leave! Then her parents revealed a surprise: they were moving there to stay! Lea fell in love with her new home immediately!
Tom worked at a sporting good store. Tom worked in the footwear department. He was happy about his employee discount. Tom bought many unique and useful items. Tom was very happy with his employee discount and job.
Tim always wanted to see Washington DC in person. He saved money for almost 10 years before he could do it. He went in the fall and loved the ambiance that season brings. He made sure to see all of the famous landmarks before leaving. He loved it so much he's planning to relocate to Washington DC soon.
I knew we had to adopt a greyhound after seeing a local news story. We drove to Philadelphia to adopt a retired racer from Ocala Florida. Bullet was a six year old gentle giant who had lived a rough life. We loved Bullet and so did everyone else in the neighborhood. Bullet lived like a king until he passed at the age of 12.
A scientist was in the lab working on an experiment. When he combined his two test chemicals it began to fizz. The scientist wrote down his results in a book. Two seconds later the chemicals violently exploded. All of the chemicals covered the pages of his notebook.
Allie was having a birthday party. She decided to not invite Tina. Tina got very mad. So when Allie had her party, Tina was alone. She wasn't amused.
Susie was playing on the swings. Then she saw the girl she did not like. She immediately went after her. Susie was upset. Then she realized she shouldn't be mad after all.
Aiden was chewing a piece of gum. Somehow it got into his hair. Aiden's mother tried to get the gum out of his hair. The gum was stuck really bad. Aiden's mother had to take him to a barber to cut it out.
My wife worked on weekends in 1991. I had to mind our kids, 6 and 2. To kill time, I took them to the mall. One time I found a food court place served tasty boardwalk fries. I took the kids to that mall several times.
I was talking to a coworker the other day. I told her that I had to go home early to babysit. She said it is not babysitting when it is your own kids. I felt embarrassed that I had said this. I resolved to spend less time at work and more time with my children.
The man did twelve pull ups. His friend said he could do more. The man told his friend to prove it. His friend could only do four pull ups. The man did twelve more pull ups to embarrass his friend.
Irene's hands were cracked and dry. She found that her dishwater had been hurting her hands. She went to the store and bought rubber gloves. She started wearing them whenever she washed dishes. Irene's hands never hurt anymore.
Two children were playing near the beach one day building castles. They were each trying to build one as fast as they could. When the tide came in it washed away their castles, they were upset. This didn't last for long because with the tide came a clam. They checked inside to find a beautiful white pearl to their surprise.
The babysitter was called last minute. When she got to the house she could not find the kids. She decided they were playing a game. So she joined in. She finally found them playing hide and seek.
Jake felt sick. He was out of medicine. Jake decided he would sleep it off. He felt much better afterwards. Jake sighed in relief.
I ordered a new set of acne medication. I tried it out for a few weeks. Instead of cleaning my face, the medication made my face dry. I also broke out in a rash. Many people noticed by red, flaky face.
When i was younger i met this girl name Sue at work. Sue introduced me as her friend Sandra. I immediately had a crushed on her Sandra. The next day i visit Sandra's house hoping Sue didn't find out. I got caught the same day by Sue which was Sandra's sister.
Stan was always getting calls from telemarketers. He was so frustrated he signed up for the do not call list. Stan still got the occasional call though. One night Stan got another call and he had a breakdown. Stan destroyed his phone and never heard a telemarketer again.
Ezra was working on his car in the garage. He was trying to restore it into working condition. He worked on it all night and morning. Eventually, he was able to get it to start. He felt extremely proud and accomplished that day.
The woman stole a bike from the store. The store caught it on a camera. They called the cops. The cops found the woman. The woman went to jail.
Anna poured some milk into her cereal. She was very hungry and eager to eat. But then she smelled a yucky odor. She realized that the milk had spoiled. Sadly, Anna dumped the cereal into the toilet.
Alan and Wes were playing catch outside at their grandfather's farm. Wes through the ball past a fence with a low electric charge. Alan didn't realize it was an electric fence. He leaned over it to catch the ball. Alan got a mild shock from the fence.
Matt lifted a rock up to see what was under it. A snake struck out and bit him in a flash. He held his bleeding arm and ran back to his house. His wife called an ambulance. Matt's hand eventually fell off due to the injury.
Sam had yelled for Brian to come downstairs. Brian he saw Sam's ankle sticking out at a funny angle. He held the ankle and gently aligned it back to normal. Sam elevated her foot and put ice on it. Days later, her ankle still hurt when she walked.
My friend Sam had three sons. The youngest was born with a heart defect. His heart was enlarged and he could die at any time. His son got better and is now 16. Sam is very grateful.
Ellen had tried a new soap her friend recommended. Her skin soon began to be itchy and red. Rashes developed on her skin. Ellen went to see her doctor. The doctor determined she was allergic to her new soap.
Craig came inside after he had been playing in the snow. The snow made Craig cold, so he wanted some hot chocolate to warm up. Craig asked his mom if she could make him some hot chocolate. Craig's mom made two cups of hot chocolate and gave one to Craig. Craig and his mom enjoyed a cup of hot chocolate together at the table
Abby was experiencing issues with her car starting. Abby quickly realized that her car battery had died. After crying frantically, Abby's coworker came to her rescue. Abby's coworker gave her a jump start, and her car worked. Abby was so glad that her coworker helped her start her car.
Izzy felt that she needed to focus solely on school. She broke up with her devoted and loving boyfriend. He was heart broken, but she wanted to accomplish something. When she graduated, she realized she missed him and looked him up. He had moved on, and she realized degrees don't love you back.
David become a police officer. He was happy because he had been trying to get a job for a while. It took him three Years to become a cop. He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets. He loves his job and gets to protect citizens!
Jan lived in an apartment in town. The apartment didn't have any air conditioning or fans. It was a hot and steamy afternoon. Jan decided to open a window to get some air moving. Now Jan's cats are missing.
Jessica had a new job that she loved. The only downside of the job was that the pay was low. She decided that she would request a raise. Her boss bartered with her a little bit. After a negotiation, she managed to secure a raise.
Nancy wanted to attended the local basketball game. Her father promised to take her that following weekend. He failed to show up causing Nancy to become sad. Nancy father made up for his mistake. He took her to watch the NBA finals the next week.
Sandy's brother taunted her before bedtime. He said that monsters lived in her closet. Sandy said she wasn't scared, but her voice quivered. That night, Sandy took deep breaths and slowly counted to ten. Before she knew it, it was morning and she slept through the night.
I needed to take my dog for a walk. I wanted to finish watching my movie first. By the time the movie was over, it had started pouring. Even though it was raining, I still had to take my dog for a walk. I regretted not pausing the movie and taking the dog earlier.
Sally likes to work. She would rather work than play or have a day off. When she gets paid she feels good. Sally's friends do not like that she works so much. But Sally has plenty of money because of all the work she does.
In an elementary classroom, the teacher wanted to know name origins. Each of the children went home to ask about his or her name. Sandy was named by parents who loved the beach. Jewel's mother loved her diamonds. They all had a story about their names.
Ivan and Eric were playing ping pong in Ivan's basement. Ivan's cat hopped up on the table. Ivan told Eric to watch what his cat could do. He gently hit the ball to the cat. She hit it back over the net right to him.
Mornings were very hard for Sara's family. They were always running late. Sara was in charge of everything. Finally she got the whole family to pitch in. Now mornings are smooth for Sara and her family.
Liz and Bill had been in Vegas for the weekend. They were down to their last dollar. Liz put it into a slot machine. It started to ding and chime. She had won the $50,000 jackpot!
Shelly's dog needed dog food. But Shelly was headed to work. Her brother had the day off. She called him to ask him if he could buy the dog food. He said yes and got the dog food and now Shelly owed him money.
Trish's mom never wore makeup, so she never learned how to apply it. The school dance is coming up and she wants to go. Her friend Kathy is great at makeup, so Trish asked for her help. Kathy came over the night of the dance and applied Trish's makeup. No one at the dance recognized her because she was so beautiful.
Tia hated when her son left Legos everywhere. But one day things got even worse. She stepped on one and cut her foot! Tia swore and made her son throw away all his Legos. She was never going to endure that pain again!
Angel wanted to make herself a nice treat. So she decided to make her favorite sandwich. She went into the kitchen and gathered the ingredients. She put the ingredients together and made herself a BLT sandwich. It was the best sandwich she had ever had.
Justin was carefully finishing his watercolor painting in art class. He had worked hard on it for the whole class hour. But then clumsy Laura bumped into his desk. His water cup spilled and ruined his painting! Justin was sad but decided to be kind to Laura.
Tom was dogsitting for a friend. He accidentally let it out. The dog ran away. It was never seen again. Tom had to buy them a new dog.
Shannon didn't have very many friends. She tried really hard to please people, but no one seemed to care. She remembered birthdays with extravagant gifts. Shannon did favors without question. When her book was published, immediately she had a lot of friends.
The man took a nap. He woke up feeling refreshed. He went for a jog. His jog went better than normal. He decided to nap more often.
Kay was walking her dog in the park. The dog did its business in the grass in the park. Kay didn't pick up the dog's mess. An officer on patrol gave Kay a warning. Kay picked up the dog's mess.
Laura wanted to watch some movies with friends. She invited people over but wasn't sure which movie to watch! She asked all her friends what they wanted to watch and they told her. She found that movie and put it in the movie player! Laura told me her movie night with friends was a big success.
Gina had always wanted to be in the circus. The trapeze was her real goal. One day, she saw an ad for trapeze lessons! She signed up and couldn't wait for class to begin. She had waited her whole life for this!
Miranda caught a cold. She went to the drug store to buy cold medicine. While she was there, she also picked up vitamins and chest rub. Miranda went home to take her medicine. She started feeling better soon after.
A few months ago, I got into a car accident. I was driving along, minding my own business, when a deer appeared. I swerved, trying to miss the deer, but he rammed into the side. My car was severely damaged in the front. It took two weeks to get my car fixed, but it looks great now.
Bill almost forgot he had to take Jane to school for an event. So he grabbed Jane and the keys to his car and ran to the garage. Bill and Jane got in the car and they started off for Jane's school. There were a lot of red lights on the way so the going was slow. But Bill got Jane to the school event with not a lot of time to spare.
John was always slow at math. But with practice, he was able to improve his test scores. His school gave him an improvement award. But he felt insulted by it. John later threw away the award.
I wrote a silly skit for a block party. People showed different uses for a box. I used it as a pillow. The last person ripped it up. And he used the pieces as wings.
Rick and Sue went on a trip for the weekend. They stayed in a hotel where the rooms were in old railroad cars. They dined at small, local restaurants. They spent half a day visiting the town's aquarium. More than anything they were just happy being together.
Jane and Fred always met by the log behind the fence. They would meet and talk and laugh for hours. The log was eventually cut up into firewood. Jane and Fred got married and cut down a tree in the back yard. No they have a log gain when they want to get away.
My brother decided to use the bathroom. The whole bathroom had a bad odor after he was finished. The smell diffused throughout the house. When I noticed the smell, I opened all of the house windows. Fresh breeze came from outside.
My best friend was from Spain. His family had me over to eat Menudo. I asked them fifty times what it was because I knew they ate strange. They just told me it was soup. I threw up after the third bowl when I found out it was sheep stomach.
The diamond thief put his jewels in a satchel. He tied the satchel around his belt. On the drive home he became nervous. He reached for the satchel around his belt. He felt relieved that it was still there.
Bob borrows some money from a loan shark to pay off another debt. The deadline for payment comes he doesn't have the money. So Bob decides to skip town. Bob thinks he got away with cheating the loan shark. But then he learns that his sister was attacked and brutally beaten.
Fred is eating chicken wings. Fred has trouble chewing. A piece of chicken get stuck in his throat. He begins choking. Fred is saved by a stranger near by.
Jim is a school janitor. Jim forgets to clean the boys bathroom. The next day the boys complain about the bathroom. The principle asks him to come to his office. He  fires Jim for not cleaning the boys restroom.
Kia lost her car keys. She figured they'd be a few dollars to replace, like house keys. But she was very wrong! Only the dealer would make her a copy of the key. Kia spent over $300 on it!
Chester was walking along the beach with his girlfriend. They were having a very nice conversation for a long time. Suddenly, they saw an odd shape lying on the beach. Chester ran over to it and they saw that it was a human body. They quickly called the cops and tried to stay calm.
Rachel was on a camping trip. She was checking out the cabin when she saw a huge bug. The bug was flying around the room. She screeched and tried to get it out with a broom. Finally the bug went away.
Mary bought a house. She moved to the new house last week. There was a water leak in the new house. Mary called the plumber. The plumber fixed the leak.
Hal's dream was to be a cartoonist. He got married young and soon had two kids to support. He took a job at the gas company and worked there twenty years. His daughter posted some of his old drawings online. A comics publisher contacted her, and Hal got a job as an illustrator.
Renee was enrolled in a cooking class. She learned how to bake bread. Renee decided to bake bread for her husband. Her husband loved the bread. Renee decided to continue with the cooking classes.
A large storm was coming into Jim's hometown. He boarded up his house in preparation. The storm finally hit and Jim's house was blown away. Jim realized that boarding up did not help at all. The next time a storm came, Jim didn't bother boarding up.
Ava's friends offered to get her a fake ID from a guy they knew. Then they could all sneak out to a club later that night. Ava considered the offer, but her gut said not to do it. Despite their good-natured jeers, she told her friends no. Later, Ava was glad she had stood her ground.
Eli spent some time learning about Chrome's local storage. He read through the incredibly technical stuff. Eli then implemented javascript to save what he typed. Now he can make sure he doesn't repeat himself. Eli is happy he can present quality work to requesters.
Tony bought a new jacket. When he went to school the kids said it was fake. tony cried. Then tony saw a homeless man wearing no jacket. He was then thankful for what he had.
There was a creative child who wanted to be an author. The mother put her in creative writing classes. She wrote for hours each day. At the end of the schooling she was really good. She was able to land her dream job.
Ann was leaving the airport after a long flight home. Her business trip had been exhausting and she was eager to sleep. But then she heard a nearby lady crying! The lady had lost her keys and couldn't get home. Ann kindly drove the lady home from the airport before she went home!
I had a lot of candy leftover from Halloween. I decided to take some with me to class. Later that day, I reached into my pocket and felt something squishy. It was the chocolate bar, which had melted! I never put chocolate in my pocket again.
I used to struggle to peel potatoes. It took me ages and was very finicky. One day I thought to try buying a new sharp peeler. The new potato peeler made quick work of any potato I threw at it. I learned a valuable lesson about maintaining quality tools.
Alistair was a poor man with not much to his name but a small house. He worked hard every day in the farm but the wage was too low. One day he got an urgent letter in the mail asking for his presence. He was confused and excited and went to the court. He was told he was the heir of 1 billion dollars and retired happily.
Gunther said he was taller than Heinrich. Heinrich said he was taller than Gunther. Each man wagered ten dollars that he was taller. Their mother measured both men barefoot. Gunther paid ten dollars to the taller Heinrich.
I looked through the selection of mascaras. None of them seemed to be good enough to me. I found some that said they contained fibers. I purchased one and tried it out. It worked ok but still wasn't what I was looking for.
Tina wanted some new dishes. She found beautiful plates at the store. She bought ten of them. She set the table with them that night. They looked great!
Jackson had always wanted a car. The only issue was they were very expensive. He had to save money for many years. Finally, he was able to buy a car. Now, Jackson drives everywhere with his car.
Susan was at the grocery store. She wanted to buy bread. They had a large selection. She picked out the freshest she could find. She paid for it and took it home.
There were two small holes in my apartment. Both of them were next to doorways. I never paid them much attention. One day a baby cockroach came in through one of them. I sealed both holes the very next day.
Dustin loved to play in the dirt. He filled his dumptrucks up with dirt. Then he would dump them on his head. Dustin's mom was always yelling at him for making such a mess. When Dustin was down he went straight to the tub to get clean.
The library down the road was full of books. The little boy loved to visit it. One day he discovered a section full of antique books. He visited every day to read those antique books. The little boy grew up to be the librarian.
Kelly had been racing horses for Years now. She was a pro at it. Every year she would go to the hamptons and race. Last weekend was the competition and her horse started stalling. Kelly ended up losing and was disappointed.
Finn was walking his dog one day. All of a sudden, two dogs came around the corner. The dogs began barking at Finn and his dog. Finn yelled at them to go away, but they didn't move. Luckily, the dog's' owner came around the corner and stopped the dogs.
Fred was having a craving for some chips. So he went out and bought a very large bag. But then he remembered he had high blood pressure. He made sure to take extra medication to help him. He felt slightly better after that.
Molly turned 5 Year's old today. To celebrate the day, her parents took her to the zoo. She has seen many animals in her books but never in person. She loved seeing all of these animals especially the giraffes. This was her best birthday so far.
My wife paid for a limo service for my birthday. The driver arrived late, claiming his GPS was wrong. His car's ac broke down en route to our destination. He texted during driving. We complained about the poor service and got a partial refund.
Ed had a dream of becoming a singer. So ed packed up his things and moved away to LA. Ed worked very hard to become a good singer. He finally got to work with some people on a demo. The record company heard his demo and decided to sign him.
Mona went to Paris to study music. When she met her piano teacher, she had a hard time understanding him. She tried to speak in English but he didn't understand her. Eventually, they found a way to communicate with their hands. Until Mona learned enough French to follow her lessons.
My father was an alcoholic. One night, he didn't come home. My mother called hospitals and police looking for him. A week later, he appeared with gifts. He had been in jail for drinking and driving.
Bill entered teenagedom. He felt a lot different. His friends made fun of him. He took it in stride. He didn't mind their comments.
Kelli was looking at saks. She couldn't afford it. But she looked anyway. She found rings on sale. They were only 30 dollars.
Evelyn did not want to go to Tiffany's party. She decided to tell Tiffany that her baby was sick. Later Tiffany saw photos of Evelyn and her baby on social media. She knew Evelyn's baby was not sick. Tiffany was very upset about being lied to.
Tim was fledgeling writer and aspired to be a novelist. He spent hours and hours working diligently on several short stories. He managed to get two of them published in literary magazines. The success encouraged Tim to start working on a novel. When he finished, he managed to secure an agent and a publisher.
Greg never found a hat he liked. Greg decided to make some hats of his own. Greg's friends wanted to buy hats from him. Soon, Greg was selling hats online. Greg made lots of money.
Tim's neighbors had a dog. They rarely fed it and never played with it. Tim felt they were mistreating him. He called animal services. They wound up taking it away.
The couple was having a baby. They bought a book to help them name her. They looked at each name and couldn't agree on anything! When the baby arrived, they threw the book away. They instantly could agree on what that baby should be called!
Carly was looking at her mail when she saw an electric bill. She opened it to check on her amount. She was shocked to see a total twice as high as usual. She called the bill company expecting some sort of mistake. To her dismay she learned she had used too much power.
The other day I noticed something smelly in my fridge. Looking around I discovered a rotting watermelon. I took it out and put it in the trash. It smelled up the whole house then. Now it's outside for the garbage man to take.
Cheyenne needed to organize the closet. She started by cleaning out all of the trash. After that, she arranged all of the books on the shelves. When that was done, she put all of the junk items in a box. Then, the closet was clean.
Travis was going to a basketball game. He arrived at the stadium. Travis realized he forgot his ticket. Travis drove home to get his ticket. When he returned, he was late for the game.
My uncle was adamant about being buried. He bought his plot and everything. There was a confusion with the paperwork at the hospital. He was cremated by accident. We buried the ashes but are still suing the hospital.
Cody wanted to make the world a better place and give blood. She didn't like the juice and cookies they tried to give her. She was feeling really weak, but she still didn't eat. She jumped up on a table to sit down, and ended up passing out. She never gave blood again.
We went to the fair yesterday. It was scary. I went on a ride with no seat belts. When I went on it I was very scared. Then I realized I would not go on it again.
Ron made ribs for dinner. They were pork and very juicy. He was bringing the plate of ribs to the table. When he tripped on the rug. And all the ribs flew all over the room.
Kat was going to prom. However, she needed a dress. She looked at a few stores and could not find one. She finally found the perfect dress. Kat bought it and had a great time at prom.
It had long been tradition to hunt whales during the Spring. Hung's family had been doing it for many generations. All of a sudden international law forbade it. They continued to do so anyway. Eventually they were arrested and moderately fined.
Tom was playing with his legos. His parents made him put them away. He was missing one piece. Later that day Tom's dad screamed loudly. He had stepped on Tom's missing lego piece.
Linda always wanted to go on a Easter egg hunt. Linda asked her parents if she could go on an Easter egg hunt. Linda's parents agreed that she could attend the local churches event. At the event was also an annual Easter egg hunt. Linda went on the Easter egg hunt and had a great time.
Ted had been hiking for what seemed like hours. He stopped to catch his breath. He looked upward at the imposing mountain still ahead of him. He took a sip from his water container. Ted started back up the mountain slowly.
After Amanda received her cancer diagnosis she made a bucket list. On it were different activities like skydiving and going to Europe. On the day of her sky dive she was scared. They had to push her out of the plane. She was happy they did because it was exhilarating.
I was talking to my friend about bass fishing. He thought I was talking about bass, as in the sound. Eventually he got confused and thought I was talking about vases. He didn't understand why I would want to fish them. I never bothered to correct him.
Susan made some coffee. She poured some into a cup. As she drank it some spilled. Susan spilled some on her legs. She ended up burning herself.
Max had just brought his tree in for Christmas. He tried to put it upright but it was too tall for his house. He took the tree outside and sawed off the bottom. Then, it was short enough to fit inside. He just tossed the tree bottom into the trash pile.
Lee has a lot of family members that live far away. Every year Lee has to mail their Christmas gifts. One year Lee waited a week before Christmas to send the gifts. All of his family received their gifts days after Christmas. Lee was disappointed and never vowed to send their gifts much earlier.
My mother teased me for playing too many videogames. I practiced competitive games with my friends. I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money. I earned $10,000 with my win in the tournament. My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing.
Emma was enjoying her lovely afternoon at the park. She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm. Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting! Emma went home immediately. Her mom iced the area to help the pain.
Dan dreaded going to the dentist. Dan always seemed to get some bad news about his teeth. During this visit, Dan learned he had two cavities. In addition, Dan was told he would have to pull the teeth. Dan was disappointed that he was going to lose his teeth.
Emily was about to graduate from school. She had been chosen as valedictorian. She was very nervous about having to give a speech. She couldn't write anything so she decided to improv. Luckily her speech actually went extremely well.
My wife's coworker (Sara) recently visited her husband's grandson. They do not see him often. Her husband and daughter have an on again, off again relationship. Sara wanted to see the grandson next week, but the husband said no. Her husband said he had a fight with his daughter again.
Jane was out hunting with her dad. They spent a lot of bonding time together. Jane misfired accidentally. She shot her dad in the chest. He bled out and died within minutes.
Jerry was looking forward to spending the day with his girlfriend. She came over an hour later. He started the day off by playing a movie. His girlfriend grew tired of watching the movie. She left early and agreed to meet up with Jerry another time.
There once was a man named Tim. Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up. He spent every minute of every day planning escape. Eventually he discovered a way out and took it. He lived a happy life after he got out.
Sam was as work he decides to get a soda from the vending machine. It swallowed his dollar. He kept on purchasing more. He ended up losing 10 bucks
My cousin Becky and I used to be very close. The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her. She responded by telling me she hated me because I don't contact her. I snapped at her for being so rude. Becky is not speaking to me anymore.
Sue wanted to get in shape. She signed up for the half marathon. Sue ran everyday after work. Sue was eventually able to run for miles at a time. She was able to successfully complete the half marathon.
Last night my girlfriend and I got into a fight. She was wrong and I was right. She couldn't understand why. I kept telling her to calm down and listen. She hasn't answered my calls all day today her profile says single.
Colin and Jo were having problems in their marriage. Jo felt that Colin worked too much. On the other hand, Colin felt that Jo didn't appreciate his work. After seeing a marriage counsellor, Jo felt that it was too late. She filed for a divorce because she didn't love him anymore.
Tom saw a friendly dog while walking through the city. He decided he wanted a dog of his own. He visited an animal shelter. He looked at every dog. He took home a great dog and made a new best friend.
Dawn was lonely and wanted a boyfriend. Dawn joined and online dating site. Dawn went on many unsuccessful dates. On her tenth date, Dawn met Jon. Dawn and Jon liked each other and are still together.
Tom was a professional photographer. Tom wanted a picture of a lion. Tom went to Africa. Tom saw a lion. Tom took a picture of a wild lion.
Two friends were in a heated game of checkers. One friend made a few kings and the other didn't. The game became very one-sided. The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over. The winner let out a victory yell at this sight.
Jackson's friends birthday was in a week. Jackson decided that he wanted to give his friend a card. Then, Jackson realized that he had none in his room. He rushed to the store to buy a couple. Then, Jackson was able to gift his friend.
Jon decided to buy his wife a car for Christmas. He went to the Ferrari dealer. The dealer offered Jon a good deal on a Ferrari. On Christmas morning, Jon guided his wife to their driveway. His wife was so excited to see a new Ferrari!
Judy's grand-daughter was getting married. She scheduled a hair appointment. Judy hated how her hair came out. She thought she looked awful in all the pictures. Judy never returned to the hairdresser.
Bob was craving some Reese's pieces. Bob was dejected to see he had none in his pantry. He mixed some peanut butter and M&Ms together. Bob delicately put his experiment into his mouth. He decided it tasted almost like the candy he was craving!
Matt took a trip to the zoo. There were gorillas, giraffes, lions, and more. His favorite part was the reptile exhibit. Before he knew it, the zoo was ready to close. Matt was determined to come back again next week.
Danny hired a band for his wedding. The band contacted him two months before the wedding. They let him know they couldn't perform. Danny wasn't able to book another band. He had a friend DJ the ceremony.
Carli made popcorn one night. Her roommate asked for some popcorn. Carli could not find where she put the popcorn. A week later Carli found the box in her laundry basket. Carli and her roommate had a great laugh.
I was extremely hungry. I found some leftover chicken. I put it in the microwave. I set it for one minute. It came out still very cold.
I used to go to a Starbucks in my old town. The same barista worked there all the time. Even though I went there a lot, she could never spell my name right. Finally before I moved she did spell my name right on my cup. I felt a sense of closure and knew I ready to move on.
Bob was going shopping for groceries. His wife gave him a list of groceries to purchase. Bob looked inside his pocket for the grocery list at the store. He couldn't find it. He had to call his wife and ask what to get from the grocery store.
Scott was a very arrogant person. Scott insisted that his roommate play a game of checkers. Scott said that he had never lost a game of checkers. His roommate beat him at checkers in the very first game. Scott was angry and insisted on a rematch.
Jim was not one to follow the laws strictly. He was late for an appointment and found himself stuck in traffic. He moved into the emergency lane and was able to move along for a bit. He was the noticed by a police car and subsequently stopped. The officer issued a citation to Jim, one that cost him thousands.
Tahar went to get Kindle. A new app was coming in the next few moments and she wanted it. When the icon appeared in her Apps guide, she quickly ran to her mom. She begged her mom to download the app. Her mom did just that and Tahar passed the day playing the game.
She didn't know what to say. He was always angry with her no matter what. She tried not to make him too upset. She said she felt like she was walking on glass. He snorted and said that was his position, not hers.
Jeb made a new club. It was called the kid's club. Only kids were allowed. However no one joined at all. Jeb happily changed it to the Jeb club.
Emmy bought a fancy water bottle. It was knocked on the ground and cracked. The water bottle had a warranty on it. Emmy sent it back to the company. The company sent Emmy a new fancy water bottle.
Bob's parents had sent him some birthday presents in the mail. He was excited to open them up after work. His mother had sent him a brand new RC car. Bob was so elated! Bob played with his new RC car for hours afterwards.
Today I ordered a gumbo. I ordered it at a restaurant. It was great. But I hardly ate it. I was busy talking too much.
I have an underground dog fence. The wire for the fence was showing on my sidewalk. My neighbor told me it was a trip hazard. I covered up the wire with dirt. My neighbor was grateful that I fixed the trip hazard for her.
Matt's best friend Rick was moving to Kansas. Matt hated Kansas because of the chiefs and tornados. He convinced Rick to run away with him to Texas. On there way to Texas they got lost. When they looked up at the sign it said, Kansas City five miles.
My friends complained that I always showed up to parties late. I told them that I would work on it. On the date of the next party, I had a plan. I got there two hours early. I finally got to a party on time.
Mom told us to get our stuff gathered up and put in the car. We put our stuff in the car. We then drove to the zoo. We got out of the car and entered the zoo. We walked around the zoo and fed the ducks bread.
Angie had been diagnosed with throat cancer. She soon got surgery to remove the tumor. She kept smoking after surgery against doctor's orders. Soon she was diagnosed with lung cancer. She dies a week later.
Tom wanted to watch a movie. He was never a fan of the classics. Still, Tom was bored and picked an old movie. He was surprised with how good it was. Tom decided to watch more old movies.
Ro was driving home one night. Suddenly her car puttered to a stop. Ro realized she had forgotten to get gas! She sighed and put on her hazard lights. Soon a passerby stopped to help her.
Ann was sledding down a steep hill. Suddenly her sled veered off the smooth path. The sled crashed right into a tree trunk! Ann tumbled off, her face and shoulder injured. Her friends hurriedly dragged her home on her sled.
Gabe had an after school job. He was good at his job. His boss began to give him extra hours. Gabe's grades began to slip. Gabe had to cut down on his work hours.
Isom went outside to play. He decided to go for a walk in the woods. He heard a loud noise. When he turned he seen a black bear running away. He ran home to get his gun.
I once taught English in Hong Kong over the summer. During our time there we made sure to explore. One day we went to a market and there were chickens. The vender let me hold a chicken and asked if I wanted it killed. I shook my head alarmed and returned the chicken safely to the cage.
Matt began playing baseball in middle school. By his senior year in high school he was being scouted by colleges. One scout told him to get his fastball up over 90 miles per hour. Matt trained hard all year to break that 90 miles per hour mark. Matt broke that barrier, winning a full scholarship!
Josh had a long day at work. He had chores waiting at home. He needed to relax. Josh decided to drive around for a while. The cool air helped him feel better.
Tom was a competitive swimmer. Tom wanted to improve his lap times and speed. Tom decided to shave his body hair. Tom shaved his body hair. Tom improved his swimming speed and lap times.
Tom was very sick. He had a bad cold. He was afraid of doctors. He finally decided to visit one. The doctor gave him medicine that made him much better.
The woman tried on a necklace. She liked the way it looked. She asked her husband if she should buy it. He told her not to buy it. He bought it for her later as a surprise gift.
My girlfriend and walked to the forest. It was a beautiful fall day. All of the leaves were turning orange. The sun was shining through the trees. The forest was a beautiful sight.
Milos had never dated an american girl. So when he took one on a date it was very different for him. He didn't know all the rules and was very clumsy. But his date liked him enough to find it charming. It boded well for Milos as he didn't learn very fast.
Katie wanted a new pair of sandals. Her mother told her no. Katie decided to get a job to pay for them herself. She finally saved up enough. Katie was excited to be able to buy her own sandals.
In 2010 we went to a concert in Fenway Park. This was unique in that a symphony orchestra was featured. The other concerts featured pop music. The orchestra played several compositions. The conductor died a few weeks later.
Mike and his brother were watching TV. Suddenly his brother got serious and asked to talk. He slowly opened up and admitted that he was gay. Mike was uncomfortable and didn't say anything. Finally, he smiled and told his brother that it was just fine.
Cindy and Josh had been dating for 3 years. Josh was ready to propose to her. He picked out a ring. One night he took her for a walk. While out he popped the question and she said yes.
Evan was looking for something to wear. He looked in his closet and found a shirt and some jeans. Evan put on the shirt. Then, he put on the jeans. Evan was fully dressed.
The stop sign near Clay's home had been vandalized many times. Clay decided to find out who was doing the vandalizing. He set up a camera to capture the culprits. After several weeks, Clay retrieved his camera. Shocked, Clay learned he had started sleepwalking again.
Gwen decided to make a cake for her friend's birthday. She purchased all of the ingredients. Everything was mixed and placed in the oven. Gwen forgot to set a timer and the cake burned. Now, she goes and buys cakes from the store.
Jack needed a new jacket. He did not have enough money. He decided to do work around the house. His mom paid him for chores. Jack was glad to be able to buy his own jacket.
The door to the main office opened and the principal entered. He stood and looked at Gina. Ashamed she looked at the ground. When instructed she entered his office and took a seat. Gina knew she was in a lot of trouble
Brady and his wife moved to New Jersey. They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire. They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years. After they left New Hampshire they tried New York. Brady and his wife lived out their lives in New York.
Mary went to the zoo. She wanted to see one of the new monkeys they had got. She read about him in some books. He came from Japan. She was so excited to see him.
Kevin is applying for jobs in aerospace engineering. It's been several months since he's hear back from any employers. In the meantime, he's been working at Starbucks. It's been tough for him. But hopefully soon he'll get an interview.
Tabitha woke up late to work one morning. She rushed around and got dressed. She called ahead letting her boss know she was on her way. Tabitha pulled in to her work and noticed she forgot to fix her hair. She quickly matted it down and told everyone she was having a bad day.
Dina wanted to lose weight. She had a lot of unhealthy food in her house. She gave away all the processed food. Dina bought a lot of fresh food. She started a diet.
Ben was resting his head in class. The teacher noticed that he's sleeping. He took a ruler and slammed on the desk. Ben immediately woke up. He didn't go to sleep until the class finished.
Todd was heading home from school one afternoon. He walked past a large factory with many big windows. Picking up a rock, he threw it towards the factory very hard. The rock shattered a window and a person began yelling towards Todd. Todd ran home, hoping that no one saw him and that he got away.
Thanksgiving was over and it was now Black Friday. This was Eric's least favorite day of the year. He was forced to be stuck in a Best Buy line instead of sleeping. He hoped the Television was worth waiting six hours. When he got into the store the TV he was after had already sold out.
Joey wanted a dog of his own more than anything. One day, he found a cute puppy on his front step. He saw the puppy had a tag with an address. Joey brought the puppy inside to his mom. He had the ID tag stuffed in his pocket.
Red saw plans online to make a secret book safe. He went to the book shop to get a thick book. At Sam's book shop, he couldn't find any thick books. The owner said that he had thicker books in back. Red was delighted with the selection that was hidden away.
Lucy was stunned. Her crush had just kissed another girl. She stared out the window as her grandma drove home. Her grandma asked what was wrong. Lucy sat silent, she was too hurt to answer.
Jon was tired from the activities he did that day. So he was prepared for sleep. But first he wanted to take a shower. So he went to his bathroom to take a shower. Jon was finally ready to sleep and sleep he did.
They had so many questions that I couldn't answer. I sat there quietly, hoping I could just go home soon. They told me they knew about the theft. I produced the walkie talkie I had stolen. I was immediately sent to the principal's office.
Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat. Sarah's mom knew Sarah was too young for her own pet. Instead of a cat, Sarah's mom bought her a goldfish. Sarah named her fish Cat. It looks like Sarah got a pet Cat after all.
It's impossible to make money online. But Charles is always looking for a way to make money online. He found a service that let users promote dating websites and be paid. He signed up and promoted a dating service on social media. After six months Charles didn't make a single dollar from the service.
Mike was very skinny and shorter than the other kids. Mike was being picked on by a bully at school. Mike joined a boxing gym. Mike trained in boxing and lifted weights. Mike then fought and beat up his bully.
Bob and Joe went to a festival during the day last weekend. As the festival ended, they went back to Bob's house. Since it was still early, they wanted more to do for the night. Joe called his friend to see if there was anything going on. Joe's friend wound up having a huge party at his house that night!
Maria walked home with her food and reached her front door. Maria realized that she had locked her keys inside the house! Maria was worried, but she remembered her boyfriend was on the way. Maria sat outside and waited for her boyfriend. She saw his car pull into the driveway.
Jack and Jill were very competitive. They liked to dare each other to do things. Jack dared Jill to eat a worm. She didn't want to lose, so she swallowed it whole. Jack couldn't believe she'd done it!
Jay couldn't wait for the plane to land. He'd never been to the ocean before and he was touching down soon! As soon as he got off the plane, he headed for the hotel. He dropped his bags and ran out into the sand. It was amazing to feel the waves crash into his ankles!
Gina was upset with her friend Mary. She left Mary in the library and went to her class. She sat at her desk pouting. Her friend Rita saw and inquired about her mood. Gina felt it would be better if she didn't share her feelings.
Ben decided to run a marathon. He went through a marathon training during last year. Every morning he ran 5 miles. He was very excited when marathon day came. He was happy he made it to the end.
Ben was at the laundromat. As he opened a dryer to insert his clothes, he saw something. There was a wadded-up hundred dollar bill in the dryer! Ben looked around, but no one else was there. He shrugged and pocketed the money happily.
We used to always see signs for a Mexican restaurant. It was located inside a gas station so we were a bit confused. But it received amazing YELP reviews online. So one day we decided to try it. And oh my was it an amazing Mexican experience!
Gabby always wanted a doll house. She saved all of her allowance money to buy one. She went to a  toy store with her parents. Gabby found the perfect pink and purple doll house. Gabby now spends her afternoons playing with her doll house.
I went fishing with some friends. Everyone was catching fish except me. I was using ketchup as bait. I decided that I should switch to worm bait. After that I caught many fish.
Janice went to a friend's party. Although she needed to study for a final exam, she stayed for a while. She ended up going home around 1 o'clock in the morning. She also ended up falling asleep when she got home since she was tired She got a phone call from her friend who told her that she overslept.
She turned up the television to drown out the background noise. Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other. Finally she got so upset that she yelled out for them to stop. First one then the other blinked and looked at her. Then they came to sit next to her on the couch and all watched tv.
Gary always wanted to visit the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. Gary felt that Memorial Day was a good time to do so. At the tomb, Gary felt a huge sense of pride for the soldiers. Gary decided he would visit the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier again. Gary was filled with pride after he visited the Tomb of the Unknown.
It's almost thanksgiving so I went grocery shopping. I spent a lot of time getting things for the dinner. After getting my items, I went to the cashier. I was checked out fairly fast! Now all I need to do is cook it all!
My family was watching a loud movie in another room. But I was getting tired of covering my ears. So I decided to wear ear muffs. It made my head hot. But I had no choice.
Betty was a girl on a softball team. Betty had a big game today. Betty was  waiting her turn to hit. The time came for her to get a hit. Betty swung and missed three times and stuck out.
Jan got a new puppy. She named it Bailey. Bailey cried at all hours. Jan had to let Bailey sleep with her. Now Bailey is a spoiled pup.
The man put on his helmet. He went for a bike ride. He crashed his bike. He landed on his head. His helmet absorbed some of the impact.
Jordan did not enjoy school. However, Jordan was very smart and did well in school. After he graduated he got a well paying job. This job made Jordon feel like school was worth it. Jordon now encourages others to do well in school.
Sarah is a botanist. She goes on a nature hike to observe plants in their natural habitat. She finds a plant she has never seen before. She studies it carefully and publishes her findings. Sarah wins a botany award for discovering a new plant species!
Belle glanced out of her kitchen window. There was a horse staring back at her! She didn't have a horse. By the time she got outside there was a stranger in her yard. His horse had gotten loose and run off.
Lisa was making coffee before going to work. But she realized she wouldn't have enough time. So she left her house right away. But when she came back, she realized her stove was still on. So she bought a smoke alarm just in case it happens again.
Jim crashed his bike one day. He fell to the street and landed hard. Luckily, he was wearing a helmet and pads. They had saved him from serious injury. Jim was thankful for his protective gear.
Jay had a test the next morning. He knew he would have to study all night. He decided to rely on coffee. Jay drank five pots of coffee. He had a small heart attack from caffeine.
Ted bought a new fishing boat. He brought it or onto the lake and began to fish. All of a sudden the boat started to fill with water. Ted's new boat sank and Ted had to swim to shore. Ted went to the boat store and demanded a refund.
A knock was heard at Roy's door. He opened it to find a traveling salesman. The salesman began his sales pitch with vigor. Roy pretended that he was deaf and could not hear. The salesman felt awkward because he knew Roy heard the knock.
Andrew and Julia were older than Mollie by a few years. As children, It was easy for them to think of Mollie as a tag-a-long. They always treated her like a little girl even when she grew up. Now, as an adult, Mollie has become a successful lawyer and mother. Both Andrew and Julia look to her when they need advice or help.
The Shaker family decided to do spring cleaning one weekend. Jon found a family of roaches in the basement. They sprayed them and then sprayed the perimeter of the house. There were no more roaches after that. Jon was very glad of that.
One day Callie took a trip to Cincinnati. First she went to the museum. Then she went to the zoo. Finally she went to the Underground Railroad. She had a great time.
Bill was not a well-liked person. He was rude and mean and hateful. He died and no one came to his funeral. Bill's family understood. They thought Bill was a jerk, too.
Kate and her friends couldn't agree on music on a road trip. Initially all four of the girls wanted to hear something different. Eventually the other three agreed on music. But Kate still wasn't on board with their choice. Kate decided to put on her headphones instead.
On our long road trip, we were passing through California. When out of nowhere, we saw a lot of smoke. As we got closer, we noticed it was a huge forest fire. We immediately called 9-1-1, and attempted to pass it. Knowing we couldn't risk it, we turned around and found a new path.
Jack was waiting for the bus. The bus stop didn't have a lot of covered area. It began to rain. Jack had an umbrella. He stepped out of the covered area so the others would stay dry.
I was driving on the highway one day. Another car was near the median. The car bumped into the median but kept on going. Eventually it crossed all the lanes, ran off the road and flipped. That was a very scary sight.
Everybody sat on the dinner table. The waiter took their orders. The orders came several minutes later. When Matt left to use the bathroom, Derek stared at his food. He ate a large amount from the plate as fast as he can.
Joanie bought four inch heels to wear with her prom dress. She usually wore flats, so this was very different for her. When her date picked her up she realized she was now taller than him. She had the dress hemmed based on the heels, so she had to wear them. She spent the evening looking down at him!
Tom was in the war. He got injured and received a purple heart. When he returned home it was meaningless. Nobody really cared other than to feel sorry for him. Tom pawned it for beer money.
Charles was a fast driver, to the point of carelessness. Once, he took his brother on a dirt road, high up in the mountains. A man passed him, leaving dust in the wake, angering Charles. Charles drove furiously, almost running the man off the road. The man slowed down, his girlfriend screaming terrified.
Kate and Liz were going on a road trip. It was supposed to be just the two of them. But Liz decided to bring a friend. Who also brought a friend. Kate was not pleased by this surprise.
There were 7 minutes left in the test. Bryan still had 35 questions to finish. He went as fast as he possibly could. He was distracted by the sweat trickling down his cheek. He checked the final box just as the buzzer sounded.
Rick decided to do his own oil change to save money. He bought the oil and filter. But then he realized that he needed an oil pan and ratchet. He ended up spending much more than he'd planned! Rick wished he had just gone to the shop for an oil change.
I had a boyfriend named Matt. He was super smart. We made lots of money on different business adventures. Matt ended up being a jerk to me. I figured out, money isn't everything.
Ollie was loading a moving truck as it got dark. He needed to leave the screen door open as he loaded it. The bright porch lights attracted many months. They flew into Ollie's house. He closed the front door and started hunting them with a flyswatter.
Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen. I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem. I was installing the new cabinets when I ran into a problem. I had not measured the cabinets correctly. I buy some new cabinets and now I am waiting for them to come in.
I always try to close my chicken coop just before dark. All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one. The one that does not go in is blind. I think she cannot tell when the sun goes down. I always have to wait to close the coop when she is ready.
We lived in a condo in Brighton, MA, in 1995. One day in the summer, two boys came by. They came by the dumpsters, looking for things to scavenge. We nicknamed them the dumpster boys. They left a week later.
Benny took a moment to look at his neighborhood. He noticed an abandoned apartment at the end of the street. He went with Diana to check it out. When they got in, the house was filled with old artifacts. Since they were dusty, Benny didn't bother touching anything.
Kylie wanted to start a craft club at her school. She put up flyers announcing her intent and asking for members. Soon, she got several emails expressing interest. They all got together and got the club started. Now they meet regularly and are great friends.
Pablo wanted a toy bear. He would dream every single day about one. One day his parents took him to a store. He found multiple toy bears there. Pablo was finally able to get a toy bear.
Steve put on his sunglasses. He noticed that one of the lenses was missing. He looked around to find the lens. He accidentally stepped on the lens. He threw the glasses away.
Bill really liked grizzly bears. Bill's parents bought him stuffed bears and videos about bears. But Billy asked if he could see a real live bear. Billy's parents planned a trip to the Denali park in Alaska. In Alaska, Bill saw more grizzly bears than he had ever dreamed!
Cam was supposed to pick his kids up at 3 PM. But he worked the night shift and often slept in. When he woke, it was already 4 PM. Cam had to call his kids and say he was running late! Luckily, his kids understood.
Sally was gardening during the day. It was hot and humid that day. She was a bit thirsty for some water. So she got up and came right back down fast. She fainted and was found by a neighbor.
Carl was excited to build a jungle gym for his kids. He had selected the best wood and a great plan. His kids were so excited they couldn't sleep. On Saturday morning, Carl got to work. He finished by the end of the weekend and then they played!
The doctors told Jan she had a form of sarcoma. She was very scared. But she had the recommended surgery. Then she followed up with chemotherapy. Soon Jan was declared cancer-free again!
Becky and Brandon had been fighting. There relationship was on the rocks. They couldn't agree on anything. After weeks of conflict they made a decision. The couple was going to break up.
One day the Zither family went on vacation to LA. First they went to the beach. Then they went to the mall. Next they got lunch at a Chinese place. They had tons of fun.
Tyler has always wanted to learn how to tie his shoes. He decided to practice every day. Finally Tyler could practice his shoes on his own. He felt very proud. Tyler was glad he had learned to tie his shoes.
Mario and his friends always loved going to the movies. One of their favorite movies was getting re-released. He decided it would be awesome if they all went at opening night. They bought their tickets well in advance to avoid them selling out. The movie was amazing and they had a great time.
Cletus was the only one of his friends who was not an athlete. He felt embarrassed that all of his friends were so athletic. Cletus decided to try out for the track team. After weeks of practicing, he was accepted to the team. Cletus is very happy that he became athletic.
Lisa wanted something different. She decided to have a pasta party. She made ten different pastas. It was great. Lisa loved it.
The professor went over a new lesson today. He tried to move as slow as possible although no one understood. When he asked questions, no person was able to answer. We had to take a surprise quiz since he became frustrated. The entire had had an F as their first grade.
Frank had been working for 30 years. He finally retired. He was so excited to relax and spend his days however he wanted. He enjoyed all his free time. Retirement was great!
Years ago Oprah offered me the chance to have my own show. I really wanted my own show on her network television station. I practiced rehearsed then sent my audition tape to Oprah's station. I prayed and waited patiently for Oprah's people to call. I did not get a show with Oprah but I now have a show on YouTube.
Sue told Bob you always had to haggle with street vendors. She said it's just the way we do things here in New York. Bob was from Texas and they did things differently down there. He figured he'd try it Sue's way, though. Bob negotiated paying three dollars for a two dollar hot dog.
Keenan and Liv were very close cousins. Keenan had kept a huge secret from Liv though. One day, he told Liv that they weren't really cousins. He then pursued her and told her he's in love with her. Liv was so freaked out, she cut off their relationship for good.
The team showed up for their basketball game in Washington. It was to clinch the first place spot. Their starters were all "off" today. They lost by 20 points. Their perfect season had been ruined!
Greg wanted to buy a new stove. He went shopping at a department store. He found a stove for a good price. He bought it and brought it home. He now has a new stove that he loves.
Jay wanted to try out dairy queen. He ate it with his friend. He bought a burger, fries, and a shake. He ate it and he thought it was okay. He decided he wouldn't get it again though.
I was staying at an old hotel on vacation. The hotel room needed many repairs. There was water leaking from the ceiling. I decided to make the most of it. I beat a drum to the sounds of the water droplets.
I went with my family to the horse track. My son found a horse in the 2nd race that he really liked. We put a bet down for that horse to win. We watched the race and screamed the whole time. Our horse won.
Ginger doesn't like to work. She has set a goal of becoming a gold digger. So she signed up for a gold diggers dating site. She met someone and they actually had a connection. Now she gets to be a gold digger with a connection to him as well.
Kay had to write a research paper. It was due on Monday. Instead of working on it, she went out with friends. Kay had to pull an all-nighter. Kay fell asleep in class on Monday morning.
Natalie had her hair recently done by a famous hairdresser. The perm didn't fit her well and the die made her look sick. She hid in her home a whole weekend before finding a solution. She went to a store and bought a different die. She cut her hair short and finally could go out again.
Lisa was cooking pancakes for breakfast. But after she finished, her sister said they were too unhealthy. Lisa felt annoyed and yelled at her sister. And every morning, she decided to eat pancakes to spite her. She never gained weight from all the pancakes either.
Sue was so excited about finally getting a new phone. Hers had been broken for weeks. When she finally saved up enough money she ordered one. It came to her house and she opened the box. To Sue's surprise, the new phone was shattered.
Nina was 9 years old and liked a boy in her class, Tommy. She wasn't sure if Tommy liked her back. But then one day it rained heavily! Nina had forgotten her coat, but Tommy shyly gave her his. Then he even offered to walk her home-in the cold rain, no less!
The Smiths bought a farm. It came with five goats. They didn't know much about goats, but they wanted to learn. Soon they were expert goat owners. They were proud of their new endeavor!
Jerry's mom couldn't stop complaining about the sink leakage. She contacted a plumber to check the system. Since the leakage problem was severe, he took several hours. In addition he charged a high price for his services. I had to pay for it since my mom was broke.
Luis was taking a final exam for his online English class. He had been answering questions about a novel for an hour. But the next question wouldn't load. And Luis realized his Internet stopped working. Luis was outraged because he had to start the exam over.
The kid had cold feet. He got a pair of wool socks out of his drawer. The socks warned his feet up. But then his feet were too hot! He decided to switch to thin socks instead.
Will had a roommate who was deathly scared of snakes. Will decided to prank his roommate. Will bought several large rubber snakes. Will placed the snakes in his roommate's bed. Will cried with laughter when he heard his roommate's screams!
It was a hot summer afternoon. Jenna wanted to go to the beach. She started up her car. It would not start up. Jenna had to call a taxi in order to get to the beach.
Joe's dad cautioned him to stay off of thin ice. One day, Joe and his pal saw a sign by a pond that said Thin Ice. Joe's pal dared him to go out to the middle of the pond. Joe refused, but his pal headed out on the ice. As Joe turned to go home, he heard the ice crack.
Ken had a flat tire. He decided to get it patched up. Ken took it to a tire place to get fixed. They were able to patch it up for a reasonable price. Ken drove on it for several more miles.
Jill lived her life reading books. She imagined herself a hero with great strength and charm. But when she put the book down, she was depressed. Her apartment was small and she had not legs and arms. So she would read again to forget about it all.
Molly was nervous because today was her first day in the new school. She was very shy and was afraid she would have no friends. While trying to find her new homeroom, she bumped into a girl her age. The girl smile and Molly smiled back. They walked into the class together and became best friends.
Annie decided to make her own cards to hand out on Valentine's Day. She gathered materials and worked hard to make each card special. Annie pictured how pleased her classmates would be with the cards. At school, Annie saw her classmates swooning over store bought cards. She stuck her homemade cards in her backpack instead of giving them.
Alice needed a new computer. She researched computers online for days. After deciding on a computer she went to the store. At the store she was told they no longer carried the one she chose. Alice was upset to leave the store without a new computer.
Nina decided that she wanted a smoothie. She put all of the ingredients into her blender. She turned the blender on but nothing happened. Nina decided she needed a new blender. She went to the store and bought a new one.
Tim called his friend Paula on the phone. They had a nice conversation for several minutes. Paula was busy so she told Tim she would call him back. Tim watched television while waiting for Paula to call. Tim went to bed sad because Paula never called back.
Liz had a pet lizard. She usually kept her lizard in a glass container. One day she decided to let her lizard out. The lizard darted out to the backyard and ran off! Liz never saw her little lizard again.
Amy smiled over her glass of orange juice at Lisa during breakfast. He didn't have a clue they'd snuck out of the house last night. They barely made it back in time for breakfast ! As her dad walked into the kitchen, she said,    Morning Dad!"    You're grounded,    he replied.
I love Japanese plants. I bought a bonsai tree to plant. I watered and cared for the plant for months. The tree never grew. I am very sad.
Yesterday my wife had a dental appointment. She needed a filling. She took mass transit downtown to her dentist. Luckily the filling was small and the procedure was quick. My wife returned home happy.
All of the employees were asked to bring a dish to the office party. Jeremy decided he'd make his family's famous buffalo chicken dip. His mother usually helped him with the hard parts. This time, he tried to make it himself. Unfortunately, he measured wrong, and the dip was too spicy to eat.
Kate had been ignoring a guy in the club. Until she caught his attention by touching his arm. He stopped and looked at her. She had no idea what she would say. So she just laughed until he finally joined her and laughed too.
Tom bought a shirt at goodwill. He liked the way it fit. He wore it out with friends one night. His friends told him it was a girl's shirt. Tom realized it but didn't care.
Rick and John were best friends. The two liked to go on fishing trips together. This fishing trip was at a new place. The lake was much more crowded than they were used to. They decided to go to their usual spot from then on.
Bill wrote a white paper for his boss at work. His boss sent it to the secretary for editing. When Bill saw the revised draft he didn't even recognize it. He thought about arguing and complaining about the changes. He changed his mind and decided to let it go without a word.
A man set out to catch some crabs. He fished all day and only got one. He took it home and was going to cook it. His young daughter saw the crab and started to cry. He didn't want to upset her, so he let her keep it as a pet.
John is a very kind boy. One day, he saw a poor boy near his house. John asked that poor boy to play with him. They started playing football. John gifted his shoes to him and made him happy.
I saw my neighbor Donna today. She had taken her granddaughter out to the park for 3 hours. There were grass stains on the girl's knees. The girl looked very tired. Donna said she was more tired than her granddaughter.
I wanted to start turning my articles into podcasts. I researched which microphone to buy for hours. Eventually I bought a dynamic mic instead of a condenser mic. I reasoned that it wouldn't need an independent power supply. It still needed a preamp to connect to the computer, which delayed me.
Jared was walking in the school hallway when he noticed a poster. Jared read the poster which advertised a track club meeting. An image of himself throwing the shot put flashed across his mind. He decided at that moment to try out for the team. He had been working out, so his next thought was that he was ready.
My wife went to Home Depot today. When she arrived, three people asked if she needed help. When she decided to buy a rug, she could not find any help. She had to go to customer service twice. She wondered where all the help had gone.
Frank was driving to the city with his family. His parents wouldn't tell him why they were doing it. He was excited about a possible surprise. Suddenly, they arrived at the airport. There, they were picking up his brother from college.
When I was 19, i enlisted with the USMC. I went to RTD San Diego for basic training. When I was there, I got angioedema on my face and neck. I was rushed to the hospital and kept there for two days. When I got back from the hospital, the USMC sent me home.
Tom wanted to open his own business. Tom saved up a half million dollars. Tom invested that money in opening up his own Cinnabon franchise. Tom chose to put his Cinnabon in his local shopping mall. Today, that Cinnabon is the anchor store in the entire mall.
Bob worked in marketing marketing department of a company. Bob decided to have a get together with his coworkers in a hotel room. Bob ordered 8 extra large pizzas with the works. Bob ended up eating most of the pizza and enraging his coworkers. Bob ate selfishly ate the last slice of pizza.
Emily borrowed a book from the library. After she read it, she set it on the the floor. Emily's baby brother chewed on the book. The book was destroyed. Emily had to pay a fine to the library.
I saw a fountain in the mall that had money in it. I asked my mom why it had money. She told me people make a wish and throw money in. It is called a wishing well. I threw in a penny and made a wish.
Jackson was having a great time. His family had decided to go on vacation in the Alps. They were all enjoying snow skiing. Jackson was quite good and was tearing up the slopes. They all had a wonderful time that day.
Norman was looking for something new to serve his guests. He bought some lobster and prepared it with butter. His guests were wowed by the presentation. After the dinner party, Norman was proud of his hosting skills. Everyone talked about what a great party it had been.
Tom had a big exam coming up. He refused to go to tutoring. Tom did most of the studying himself. The day of the exam Tom realized he studied the wrong stuff. He did worse than those who went to tutoring.
Karl desperately wanted to be a professional golfer when he grew up. He begged his parents for clubs, shoes , and lessons. His parents conceded and scheduled him a lesson. He took his first lesson and failed miserably. Karl now wishes to be a professional race car driver.
Karin and Rory were vegans. They got into a discussion with Alex, who is not a vegan. They debated for a long time, but could not agree. They decided to agree to disagree. It was important to them to respect each other, despite disagreeing.
Alan was tucking his daughter into bed. She asked him for a bedtime story. He had no story books. So he had to invent a story in his head! Luckily Alan's daughter loved his impromptu story!
Erica saw a family of raccoons in her backyard one day. They were living in her garage. She bought a live trap to put in the yard. She found 5 raccoons in the trap the next day. Erica drove to the country to release the raccoons.
Ronald was playing tag with little Mary one afternoon at the park. Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running. She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding. She then began to cry upon seeing the blood. Ronald made her laugh by telling her she had just fallen on ketchup.
Quincy spun the gyroscope. He explained to the children how the gyroscope worked. The kids weren't impressed and started falling asleep. Quincy decided he shouldn't have become a teacher. He was much more interested in rocket science.
There was a big snowstorm, more than 12 inches. Businesses were closed as well as schools. Billy's dad spent all day outside while Billy was sledding. Billy came home to four snowmen, one for each member of the family. His dad had also build a snow fort, complete with dozens of snowballs.
John just graduated high school. He was at a career fair trying to learn what career he wanted. A Navy recruiter approached John and asked him some questions. John was eventually convinced to come in for an actual interview. John was talked into joining the Navy and sent into war shortly after.
John was driving to work while listening to the radio. But he couldn't find a song he liked. He kept switching stations. He finally found a song he liked. But by that time, he was already at work.
Sarah was not feeling well one morning. She called into work. Taking a warm bath helped her relax. She stayed in bed almost all day. After much needed rest, she felt better.
Jeff was stranded on a small island in the ocean. He was fed up being alone on the island so he built a raft. It took months for him to make the best raft he could. On a clear day he sailed from his temporary home. Once he couldn't see the island anymore he felt free.
John taught himself to play the banjo. He then went downtown and played for pedestrians. He made a bit of extra money this way. It was a fun hobby. He used the money to buy better equipment.
It was announced at my church that they need volunteers. Thanksgiving was coming up and they needed an event coordinator. After church I rushed up to those in charge. I asked if I could be the coordinator and they agreed. Now I have a meeting with all the people who will volunteer on Sunday!
Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem. Arnold was really skinny for his height. Arnold tired eating more than usual but he couldn't gain weight. Arnold went to the doctor who told him there was nothing wrong at all. In the end Arnold accepted who he was and was comfortable his weight.
Ethan sat in a chair. The chair was old. The chair broke. Ethan fell on the ground. He decided to buy a new one.
Dylan was on a class trip. The kids were supposed to be going swimming. At the venue, a storm hit. It rained the whole day and ruined the swimming plans. Instead, the kids played video games inside.
Yvette had a very strange giggle. When she laughed she sounded like a goat. Her friends didn't dare tell her to protect her feelings. But when she got an important job, they sat her down. And finally told her to mind the way she laughed to keep her job.
Tricia wants to be a cat for Halloween. She went in search of a custom. She could only find a tiger custom. Tricia bought the tiger custom making some changes to it. The custom was now made to look like a cat.
Bailey married her best friend last winter. His name is Shawn. He does not know how to budget his money. Bailey cannot pay the bills. Now she has to donate her plasma to make ends meet.
Giselle had a bad feeling with the phone rang. The voice on the other end said they were the police. Someone had hit her car in the parking lot and driven away. She filed a report with the police. Then she called her insurance company and filed a claim.
Andrew loved to drink. He would drink almost anything. One day, he decided he wanted some lemonade. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Eventually, he found some at his mom's house.
Bryan had spent all summer sleeping in. School was starting in a few days. He would have to start getting up at six in the morning. He started going to bed earlier and trying to get up in the morning. After a few days Brian was back in the routine of getting up early.
Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck. He got out of the car to investigate. There was a man lying in the middle of the road. The man was unconscious and his heart wasn't beating. When the ambulance came, they found Manny giving CPR to the man.
Allie was putting groceries away. All the sudden she dropped something. It was the jar of pickles. Allie was so furious. She had to clean it all up.
Max and Cassie were fun loving grey tabby cats. They were brother and sister, found abandoned on the side of the road. They spent their first weeks underweight, fed by kitten formula. I used a bottle filled with the formula and held them while they ate. They thought I was their mommy from that day on.
Dan dreaded doing back to school shopping with his kids. However, Dan had to purchase new backpacks and shoes for the kids. Dan decided to go to the mall to get the school shopping done. After looking through several stores, Dan didn't find anything. Dan was disappointed that he did not find anything at the mall.
Mary worked hard as a waitress at a diner. She could barely make ends meet, much less afford holiday gifts. It made her sad that she wouldn't be able to get her parents anything. A few days before Christmas, a customer left her $100 tip. She was able to get something for her parents afterall!
Sarah's boss called her into his office one morning. She was so nervous to go in. Her boss started to talk about all of the great work Sarah had done. Sarah was getting a promotion and raise! She was so surprised and excited.
Bill was preparing for the SAT test. He studied with his tutor, who assured him a high score. Bill took the test after his study session. He got a very high score. Bill thanked his tutor for the help.
James wanted to prank his friends. He bought water balloons from the store. He carefully filled them up with water. He hid behind a bush with the water balloons. He threw them at his unsuspecting friends when they passed by!
The way Gina had taken to the store was jammed with traffic. On her way there she decided to go a different way home. Now it was time to decide if she would or not. As she left the traffic on her first route seemed better. Gina decided she would take the same route back home.
Glen needed groceries but his car was at the mechanic's. He began to walk to the store when he felt very tired. He walked through the store and struggled getting his items. After checking out, Glen began the laborious long walk home. Glen finally made it home and rested for a long time.
Jill lived in the city where the stars never seemed that bright. She went to visit her grandparents out in the country for the weekend. It was a clear night and she stepped outside to get some fresh air. She couldn't believe her eyes when she looked up. The stars were incredibly bright against the pitch black sky.
Sam got a kitten for his birthday. Sam knew that he shouldn't let his kitten sleep in his bed. Sam snuck the kitten into his bed one night. The kitten clawed Sam's pillow and ruined his pillowcase. Sam now makes sure that his kitten doesn't sleep in his bed.
Beverly was sixty five years old. She was recently diagnosed with cancer. Her body was not taking to the chemotherapy. Last August, her doctors gave her 18 months to live. She died 12 months later, 6 months too soon.
Ned went to work on a farm. His task was to shear the sheep. At first he had a hard time. But soon he figured out how to do it. Before long, Ned was shearing the sheep like an old pro!
Steve enrolled at his favorite college. Steve studied meteorology. Steve got an internship at his favorite news station. Steve got to fill in for the regular weather man. Steve accepted a high paying job at a rival news show.
Owen had the stomach flu. He was having trouble eating. Owen couldn't keep down his food. He vomited all day. Owen lost three pounds over two days.
One day, Bob noticed that he was out of milk. Bob decided to make a trip to the grocery store. Bob picked up a few other things while shopping. When Bob decided that he was done, he checked out and headed home. When Bob got home, he realized that he forgot to buy milk.
Becky and her friend Lisa planned on going to the theater. They had fun in the city however getting to the theater was difficult. Becky and Lisa got lost. They tried asking around for help but no one would help them. Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination.
My wife and i were sitting on our building bench. We talked about how the building used to have a soda machine. I saw a teen center nearby and wondered if they had a machine. My wife walked into the center to look around. Sad to say, she could not find a soda machine.
Tracey noticed that there was lots of dust in her room. But she never bothered to use a duster and clean it. Eventually, she began to complain about her throat. And she began to cough constantly. Tracey wondered what could have caused these problems.
I wanted to listen to music. My family was sleeping. I found a pair of headphones. I plugged them into my phone. I listened to the music.
I invited my two male friends over to fix my car. I noticed that Tom was in a sour mood. While fixing my car, Tom started arguing with me. Suddenly, he hit me in my face and tried to fight me. I was so shocked, I immediately kicked both of them out.
I went to my mom's house today. She said that she bought me an apple tv. She stated that she didn't like it. She told me I could have the apple tv. I the apple tv home to stream movies.
Ken wanted his young son to learn how to swim. But the swimming lessons weren't working. The little boy was just too fearful. Ken decided to take off work and teach the boy himself. With his dad there, the boy felt safe and was soon swimming.
Kevin really liked this girl Susie. They were friendly from class. He tried getting the nerve to ask her out. He was nervous but finally asked her. To her delight she said yes.
Travis and his wife went on a cruise. Every other minute, a photographer was trying to take their photo. Travis and his wife did not want silly pictures of their trip. On the last night of the cruise, they dressed up and took photos. These were the photos they enjoyed the most.
Gwenn got a haircut yesterday. Her hair was really long so her mom took her to a salon. The hairstylist gave her a new look. At first Gwenn did not like it, but people complimented her hair. Now she enjoys her new look.
Sam loved playing drinking games while watching movies. He always made new ones up. For the latest movie he watched he made the game too hard. Everyone got drunk before the long movie ended. Sam felt the game was a success.
Al went to the basement to check a fuse. He saw something move out of the corner of his eye. He froze in terror. He mustered the courage to turn around. He found himself looking at his silly cat.
Sarah wanted to play soccer. She was not sure if she would be good or not. Her dad decided to help her with drills. When tryouts came along, Sarah was ready. She was excited when she made the team.
Drawing had been an escape for Jenna since childhood in an angry home. With sidewalk chalk, she drew magical places where no one yelled. Grown up and an artist, Jenna continued to create fantasy worlds. She loved art that helped people dream and forget their troubles. It was the rich legacy of a lonely, frightened child who overcame.
Hannah's mom ordered pizza for the entire house to eat. Since some of her friends came over, her mom brought a lot. However, all of the pizza was eaten within minutes. When Hannah's mom tried to get a piece, she couldn't. Hannah felt bad and decided to buy more pizza.
Colleen was playing darts with her friend. Colleen's brother was going to the kitchen. He crossed in front of Colleen. Colleen was throwing the dart. She hit her brother in the arm with the dart.
Tim got out of the shower. He realized he was out of deodorant. Tim was a sweaty person. He decided to buy some on the way to work. He stopped at a walgreens and was set.
Fred was watching tv in his room one day. Suddenly, everything began to shake and rumble. Fred ran outside to see what was going on. The noise got very loud, and three large jets flew overhead. Fred watched them fly off into the horizon then went back inside.
Matt and Sarah were married only a month ago. They were so happy getting used to the married life. At least they were happy until Matt's mom moved in. She treated Matt and Sarah both like children. Thanksgiving was awkward this year after Matt kicked her out.
Sally left her cup outside. She went inside and forgot. It began to rain very hard. The cup filled with water. Sally ran outside and brought her cup in.
Chad rode his bike on his school campus. When he pressed on the pedal to accelerate. However, his foot got caught on the chains. He fell with his brakes. He limped for the rest of the day.
A comedian was trying to write new jokes to use at a show. He shouted his material out the window to people to make them laugh. A crowd began to form and he knew he was on to something. Each new joke they laughed harder than the last. At the end of his routine he received a standing ovation.
Last month I bought a new blender. It was very expensive and performs many functions. I am able to blend my fruit into juice now. I am eating much healthier. I have lost ten pounds since I started using my new blender.
She got out of bed at 8 months pregnant. She walked to the bathroom. She sat down on the toilet. Without pushing, lots of fluid came out. She realized her water had broken.
Peter wanted a snake as a pet. At first his mom said no way, no how! She was terrified, but then Peter gave her some books about snakes. His mom relented when she saw that some snakes were docile and calm. She allowed Peter to get a ball python snake!
Ted loves running on the treadmill at his gym. He has done it for Years but now it's taking a toll on his knees. He asked his doctor what to do if he can't run without pain. His doctor recommended swimming and said it's a better workout. Ted now swims laps every day at his gym and loves it.
Nikki liked to be ahead of schedule. She started Christmas shopping in September. Soon, she had all her presents bought and wrapped. She was relieved to have all the hectic parts of the holiday done. She was excited to enjoy the rest of the season!
In 1983, I received a My Little Pony for Christmas. I refused to open or play with any of my other gifts. My family thought it was funny, because I told them I didn't want them. I truly only wanted the large plastic horse. I slept with it that night, and hit my brother in my sleep with it.
I placed the picnic mat on the ground. I also tried to prepare a sandwich for my girlfriend. As soon I turned for a few seconds. When I turned around, I noticed that the food was gone. I took my girlfriend to eat dinner .
My house was completed when we woke up. There was a large storm that ripped off our roof. The rainy continued through the night. The entire family was sleeping and no one heard anything. The house is destroyed.
Sarah wanted a new shirt for the game. She did not have quite enough money. She decided to pick up some babysitting jobs. Sarah finally saved up. She was able to buy the shirt she wanted.
Suzy wanted to lose some weight. She decided to shop for local fresh vegetables. She at the vegetables everyday for every meal. She lost 20 pounds. She is very happy with her weight.
I recently bought a new cloudbook. It had a generic photo for a background. I decided to personalize the background. I had to email a photo to save to my new computer. I was happily able to do so.
Tiffany was a freelance artist. She hadn't produced any projects in months. She decided that she needed to start something new. It took her weeks of consideration to come up with a concept. Finally she was able to start a new art project.
Tyler is on is way home from work. He is in his car driving. While driving he sees a cat in the road. He swerves to dodge it. He lands in a ditch but the cat is spared.
Tom bought his girlfriend flowers. He almost never did romantic things like that. Tom's girlfriend greatly appreciated it. She preserved several in a book. She looks at them whenever they get into a fight.
Murphy hated his partner. He held a grudge after a business deal went wrong a year before. Murphy couldn't stand being around him. He would dream about quitting his job. One day, they had a huge fight and Murphy stormed out.
Tanner loved toast. He hated bread. He couldn't wait until he could use the toaster. His mom came down and plugged it in. Tanner watched in amazement as his bread crisped.
Dan really needed a hundred dollars. Dan learned about an online platform involving crowd tasking. Dan signed up for the service and began working. Dan worked on micro tasks all night. By morning Dan had made a hundred dollars!
Jane fell down at home at night. She thought she hurt her wrist a bit. The next morning it was incredibly swollen. Jane decided to go to the emergency room. It turns out she had fractured it and needed a cast.
Erin and her family spent the day hiking. They climbed to the tops of waterfalls. They had fun playing in the river. Her family ended the day cooking dinner on a campfire. They were all very tired when they got home.
Jamie had to pay for the oil The oil guy came to her house She scrambled to get the money but couldn't find it. The oil guy waited for 2 hours. She found it in the end
Tom was on his way to work one morning. He was pulled over for going over the speed limit. Tom was sure he wasn't speeding and tried to argue. The cop didn't care and gave him a ticket anyway. Now Tom has to fight it in court.
The local neighborhood hosted a party. They were celebrating back to school. There were lots of games set up for the kids. There was also a bunch of yummy food. The party lasted all the way into the evening.
Harry encountered a car accident on the road. He asked if the couple were fine but their son was injured. Harry decides to call for help after realizing their phone was broken. The paramedics came in around 20 minutes. The couple thanked him and gave him a number to contact for a reward.
Kate had been swimming at the park. She wanted to dry off before she went home. But it was getting dark and she had to go home. At home her mom knew she had been swimming. Her mother yelled at her for five minutes.
I needed my car keys but could not find them. So I decided to search the house for them. I started on the north end of the house and worked south. I could not find them in the house so decided to look in my car. I walked out to my car and found the keys in the ignition.
Rob bought a new goldfish. He enjoyed watching it swim back and forth in its aquarium. One day, Rob's cat was caught trying to catch the fish. Rob picked up the cat and moved him away. The fish and the cat were no longer allowed in the same room.
Sheila went to the park to feed the ducks. The ducks gathered around her as she gave them bread. She enjoyed feeding them. Soon it was time to go home. She decided that she would bring more bread next time.
Kate had given her nephew a new Xbox 360. She decided to purchase a new game for him as well. But she wasn't sure what he would like. Finally a friend suggested a game for pre-teens. Kate was sure he would love the new game.
My school account states that I owed $500 dollars. Since this came up all of a sudden, I drove to the admissions office. The front desk worker directed me to the financial aid office. The lady told me that there was a system error. She adjusted the total amount that I owed.
Sam wanted the lunch cost to go down in his school. He started a petition. He asked for signatures in the cafeteria. He gave it to the student council. The student council reduced the lunch cost.
Drew offered to cook for me today. Since I had nothing to do for the day, I gladly accepted. He rushed inside the house and got the kitchen set-up. We assisted each other, especially when setting up the chicken. He forgot to check the chicken and it ended up burnt.
Pat gets up very early in the morning. He is always very tired. He makes a cup of coffee as soon as he wakes up. He was out of coffee today! He was sleepy for the rest of the day.
Gina wanted to check out a new book from the library. But she had to return an overdue book first. Gina gave the old book to the librarian. When ready, she returned with the book she wanted to read next. She was upset to find she had to pay the $5 in fines first.
Anna wanted to train her cat. Her brother had a dog that he had trained to roll over and fetch. Anna therefore decided she could train her cat to roll over and fetch. But she had no luck with either command. Anna decided cats were not very good at learning commands!
It was the music that first caught Judy's attention. She followed the trilling songs to the carousel. Judy adored the bright, vibrant colors of the carousel animals. She reached into her pocket to retrieve a ticket for the attendant. Instead of a ticket, Judy felt the seam of her pocket ripped through.
I had to go shopping for school. After going inside the outlet store, there were several discounts. I observed the deals and found a few choices. However, it took me several minutes to decide. I ended up buying an item that I didn't want.
We found a hidden chamber in the city hall recently. We sent the security guard in to investigate. He looked around it with a flashlight. Inside were a bunch of old city records. Some of them were over a hundred years old.
I played bass in the school jazz ensemble. We practiced every day of the week for an upcoming competition. The day came and the other bands were amazing. We were all holding our breath when they announced the winners. We were shocked and ecstatic when we realized we won first place!
Jim was driving to a cabin his family owned in the woods. It began to rain. The road that led to the cabin was made of dirt. Jim was worried that the road would be muddy and he'd get stuck. He decided to stay in town a while and wait for the rain to stop.
Julian was biking when he spotted a lost dog. He asked his family for help finding the owner. They went door to door asking for information about the owner. Still they couldn't find him, so they put up posters. Luckily someone called in about the poster and claimed the dog.
I wanted to save money on plant milk. So I bought rolled oats for oat milk. I put oats and water in a blender. But it was thin and watery. So I was disappointed I wouldn't be able to save money.
The kids were grouchy. They each had a lot of homework to do. They waited until the last minute. They rushed to finish it but did a bad job. They each failed the homework assignment.
Our daughter's name is Stormy. She's a beautiful little girl with a big imagination. We decided to utilize it by letting her create stories for us. She put on a puppet show with some of her ideas. We sat together as a family and watched her tell the stories.
The Lake family planned a trip to Santa Fe. They left in a rented car in the middle of May. It was dark by the time the family arrived at their hotel. For three days they toured the city and met with family. They returned home happy and full of stories.
Emily was afraid to learn to ride a bike. Her friends all knew how to ride bikes. One day they all helped Emily learn to ride a bike. She was able to learn with her friend's help. Emily can ride her bike with her friends now!
The dog went out to the front. The dog went towards the street. The dog liked the pavement. The dog stopped. His owner was yelling at him.
Sarah works in an biomedical research lab. She works very long hours and gets very tired. Slowly, she accumulates a lot of data. Soon, she publishes a paper in a prestigious journal. Her paper is cited many times and is considered important work.
Meg put on ten pounds during her luxury vacation. She wasn't certain what the best way was, to take the weight off. She asked her doctor, who gave her a diet to follow. Her doctor also gave her exercise recommendations. Meg followed the diet, and also exercised, and lost the excess pounds!
Glenn has a kid. Glenn's kid was very sick. He took her to the best hospitals got her the best treatment. In the end there was nothing he could do to save her. Glenn lost his daughter to cancer.
My sister was expecting her first baby. She was due around Christmas time. We went up to visit at Christmas, hoping to see the baby too. The baby took its own sweet time. She was finally born, but not until January 5th!
Jim's dad was getting up in years, turning ninety. Jim decided to quit his job and take care of his dad in his home. Jim moved his father in with him. Jim spent his days and nights talking with and caring for his dad. When Jim's dad passed away, Jim felt so good about what he had done.
Bobby is the kicker on the football team. He stays on the sideline for most of the game. The coach tells Bobby to stay ready and focused. During the game, the team needs Bobby to kick the winning field goal. Bobby kicks the field goal that wins the game.
Claire was at an auction when she saw a painting she liked. Even though the price was high she bid on it. Someone out bid Claire and began bidding without thinking. The price soared past what she could afford. Claire had won but snuck away to avoid paying for it.
Jesse was a middle age man with 2 kids. He was going through some kind of mid life crisis. He went out and bought a motorcycle to feel young again. While out riding he had an accident. He returned the bike and his wild ways were over for good.
The man died suddenly. His friend took his wallet. The man's wife knew the wallet was missing. He asked the friend about it. The friend admitted he took it.
Kim walked along the beach in shoes. She took off the shoes because it was annoying her. She took a step and felt something under her foot. Kim stopped and dug in the sand to see what it was. She uncovered a piece of sea glass.
I live in the north. We usually have snow here for Christmas. This year is different. It's 50 degrees out! We will have a green holiday this year.
Lisa cooked dinner for her family. She wasn't paying attention. All the food burned. She quickly ordered pizza instead. Luckily, Pizza is the family's favorite food.
Charles was a reporter on an assignment to interview an artist. He stopped into a store for batteries and orange juice. A young man walked into the store and Charles was afraid. Charles handled some business then went to his subject's home. His subject was the kid he was afraid of in the store.
The sandbox at school was very popular. Many kids like to build castles and play with cars in the dirt. One day a boy was digging and found a very old pair of glasses. He took it to the office, and they put it in the lost and found. A week later an old man came and claimed the glasses.
Rhonda had searched for months for the perfect rug. She finally found one on clearance. She was worried she would never see another one again. She bought five of them to be safe. Now, if one got stained, she would have a backup.
Amber is working as a waitress. She is taking orders and serving tables. While bringing an order to a customer. She spills the food and drinks all over them. Amber gets fired after the accident.
Oscar carried a bag of trash. He was going to throw it away in the garbage can. He lifted the lid and a cat jumped out! Oscar dropped the bag and ran away. He was so scared!
Riley was a sweet girl, but sometime she gossiped. She thought it was helpful for her to tell her friends what others say She didn't understand that she was gossiping when she told them. One day her teacher explained what it means to gossip. Then Riley understood that she didn't need to tell everything.
Jerome was out playing in the street one day. Suddenly a car pulled up and the window rolled down. A man stuck his arm out and fired a gun. Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets! Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting.
Dom loved sneakers. He had every pair of Jordan's that existed. The new edition was coming out the next morning. Dom waited in line for 12 hours. When he got to the counter the salesman said they ran out.
Joe was a fighter professionally. He knew karate and aikido. His final fight was tonight against the champion. He punched and kicked at the champion, but twisted his foot. He lost the match and had to go to the doctors.
Molly had just rented a new apartment. There wasn't enough closet space for Molly's clothing. She decided to get rid of some of her clothes. Molly donated half of her clothes. She ended up with enough space to store her clothing.
Yesterday, Damon looked through his parents' books He found a book about dinosaurs He wondered why these big animals were gone He asked his parents' about their extinction The next day, they took him to the museum to learn more
Richard was reading his math textbook. All of a sudden, he noticed an ant crawling on his book. Richard screamed in terror! He threw his book in the air. The book landed on the ground and killed the ant.
Sam made a ham sandwich. As soon as he was about to take a bite, the doorbell rang. When Sam came back his sandwich was gone. He looked around and noticed his dog. The dog had eaten the sandwich.
Tom wanted to buy a Surface Pro. He was deciding between that or a new laptop. So, Tom went to Bestbuy and asked a representative about it. Eventually, he bought the Surface Pro. He was ultimately happy with his decision.
Four years ago my friend and I went to Times Square on New Year's Eve. We met a man from Canada on the subway who ended hung out with us. We pushed through so many people but barely saw the ball drop. After the ball dropped we stayed out until 5 am. Our Canadian friend missed his flight.
Janet had gotten a new job. The boss had promised her 35 hours a week. Janet's boss was beginning to give her less and less hours. Janet needed more hours. She quit her job and got another one.
Sam went to the beach with his brother. They decided to see who would collect the most shells. Sam's pants didn't have any pockets, but his brother's did. He took off his shirt and used it to hold shells. Sam collected the most shells, but still couldn't carry any home!
Max was at Disneyland. After a three hour wait he was finally going to ride space mountain. He put on his lap belt and threw his hands in the air. Within seconds of starting, all lights came on and it stopped. They were forced to evacuate and the ride shut down for the day.
Emily is one of the managers for football games and the university. She takes care of 25 people who volunteer for their specific groups. She arrives 3 1/2 hours early to get money arranged for each group. Once her group arrives, she hands out the money and lines them up. Most of her group is adults but there are also students that help.
Kim purchased a living room set from Ikea. She was excited about getting her new furniture. When the truck pulled up she was surprised the boxes were so small. Kim didn't realize the amount of assembly required. Kim's mood dropped when he realized she would be assembling all day.
Tom had been let onto the rugby team even though he was in 9th grade. It was his first game and he was nervous. The ball got loose, and the prop from the other team grabbed it. Tom tackled him, and knocked the ball loose. Tom was proud of his solid tackle, and was no longer nervous.
We had some leftover turkey livers from Thanksgiving dinner. I took the livers out to the fishing dock, putting one on my pole. My bobber went slowly under, unlike a fish, more like a turtle. As I reeled it in, the resistance increased, dragging the bobber down. I was amazed to see that I had caught a huge blue clawed crab!
John was picking up a friend at the airport. His friend's flight was running late. John had to sit in the airport for a couple of hours. John's friend finally arrived. By then, John was sleepy and grouchy.
Mike's family had a nice house by the lake. They enjoyed going there every summer. But this summer there was a huge storm, and the house was flooded. Mike's family worked very hard to fix the house back up. Unfortunately, they were unable to do so.
Priya is enjoying an afternoon at the beach. She starts by scouting for seashells. Then she sets up a spot under her umbrella. She relaxes as she watches the waves roll in. Pirya's favorite is the sunset over the water.
Zach wanted to start a company. He started a tech company in his garage. He would work everyday for 12 hours. He came up with his first product in 6 months. Everyone loved the product, and now Zach is rich.
Kia went to the fair with her parents. She was twelve and thought she would be bored. But she ended up very surprised. The animals, rides, and games thrilled her. Kia actually had a great time!
Sally was in highschool One day she had a test Sally let her friend copy her test They both got caught The principle gave them detention for a week.
When I was little, I hated car shopping. My parents took me to several dealerships over many weekends. Tired and cranky, I complained that I wanted to go home. In anger, they made me stay in the hot car while they went shopping. I curled up in the floorboard, shivering even though I was very hot.
Mike looked at his walls in his house and thought they were bland. He took out some paint and began to create art. Mike tried to make a tree but it did not look right. He painted over the bad tree with design of his own creation. The creation covered the entire wall and Mike was pleased.
I was playing outside barefoot. My friends and I were wrestling in the grass. I got a huge thorn in my foot. After that day I wore shoes while playing outside. I never stepped on anything painful again.
The man cleaned the litter box. Some of the litter got on the floor. The man didn't clean up the litter on the floor. The man's wife saw the mess. She told the husband to clean it up.
Lisa was working late. She had forgotten to call her mother. Her mother was worried about her. Lisa's mother showed up at the store to see about her. Lisa was embarrassed.
Amy hated having her picture taken. She had to pose, though, for her high school yearbook. When she got the yearbook, she flipped right to her photo. She was expecting it to be ugly. But to her surprise, it was a lovely photo!
John began having severe headaches and blurry vision. John did some internet research about these symptoms. He read in several places that these can be signs of a brain tumor. Panicking, John made an appointment for a brain scan the next day. The doctor told John his brain was fine and he just needed more sleep!
Ginger wanted to be a lawyer. She spent four years getting a political science degree. Then she took the LSAT and applied. Now, she goes to a top ten law school. She will almost definitely get a job after law school.
Tom was a foreigner looking for a job. His resume had several spelling mistakes. This made it harder for people to take him seriously. A friend finally helped proof read it. The revised resume helped a lot more.
Sally was in middle school. Every day, she walked three miles to school. One day, Sally decided she didn't want to walk anymore. Sally went to the store and bought a bike. From then on, Sally biked to school.
Carly was very much in love with Diane. Carly decided that she wanted to propose to Diane. Carly went out and found a beautiful engagement ring. She took Diane on a lovely date and proposed over dessert. Diane happily said yes!
Tim and Jake were playing in the bedroom. Tim's dad told them to play silently. They began playing loudly. Tim's dad yelled at them at the top of his lungs. They played quietly for the rest of the night.
Jill was going on a trip to the amazon. She arrived after a flight from the US. Once there she marveled at all the beauty. It was dangerous, but exciting. Jill had a wonderful time on her trip to the Amazon.
Jason has been with his girlfriend for almost 10 years. Jason works hard to support his girlfriend. His girlfriend wants better in life. She decides to leave Jason. Jason is heartbroken and never recovers.
Logan had never been to a beach before. He always thought it would be cool to try surfing. Logan's parents planned a family vacation to Hawaii. He was very excited about experiencing the beach for the first time. Logan spent all his time swimming, diving and surfing.
Stan was driving to Florida from Michigan by himself. He was going to Florida to attend his daughter's soccer games. He was worried about driving that far on his own but knew he had to. Stan fell asleep at the wheel and got into a bad accident. He passed away two days after the accident.
Jane decided to go to an orange orchard today. She's been looking forward to this trip all month. She was given a basket to fill to her heart's content. She spent two hours picking out the best oranges she could find. She went home with a basket filled to the brim with oranges.
Skylar would always get picked on by a bully in his school. One day came and Skylar couldn't take it anymore. He stood up to his bully and got into a fight with him. The principal came in a separated them. Skylar was never bullied again.
Tim's dad always read him bedtime stories. One day his dad was in a bad accident. He never made it home. Tim's mom tried to read to him when she could. It was never near the same.
Jed had been looking forward to a party all week. He was hurt when the host didn't invite him to join. Instead he decided to stay at a friend's house. They spent the night playing games and watching movies. He decided that it was much more fun than a party.
Eric was really self conscious of his weight. He decided to lose some weight. He signed up for a gym membership. He ran everyday on the treadmill. Eric was able to lose 10 pounds with exercise and healthy eating.
The man asked for extraction. Extraction was not possible. The enemy surrounded his position. The man made a final prayer. The man was killed.
Chet was ready to pitch in his first game. He warmed up with the catcher before the game. When it was time, Chet stepped on the mound. Chet threw strike after strike. Chet's team won the game behind his great pitching.
Suzy got a new doll. She named it Kitty. She took it to school one day. Suzy lost her doll during recess. She cried for the rest of the day.
Susie had her birthday today. She was rather nervous about it. What made her upset was that she heard from no one. She decided to go to her favorite restaurant. To her delight, her friends were there to surprise her.
Matt and his father were driving to the campout. Matt was anxious to get there as soon as possible. Matt's father decided to stop to get a snack. Matt started crying and refused to get out of the car. Matt's father was frustrated with Matt's behavior.
The man died. His family had him buried. They found his will. The will stated that he wanted to be cremated. They had to dig up the man's corpse.
Timmy got his dog Noah when Noah was just a puppy. The two of them did almost everything together. One day Noah go sick and had to go to the veterinarian. Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him. Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed.
The Smiths and their two children drove all the way across town. They were making a special trip to the Natural Market. Mr and Mrs Smith encouraged their children to make healthy choices. The children picked many unique fruits and veggies to try. That week, the family ate very healthily.
Kyle was out fishing. He cast his line and felt a tug. The tug got stronger. As he went to reel it in, his line snapped. Kyle jumped in the pond and grabbed the line and the fish.
People were at a party. Suddenly, someone got punched. The person was caught. The attacker got kicked out. The party was fine after that.
A terrible windstorm had blown up by Ava's house. She battened down her shutters and shut all the windows. But then she heard a terrible crash, and she ran to check. The wind had blown a tree branch through Ava's parlor window! The entire parlor was covered with shattered glass!
I decided to wash my bed blankets today. I thought I could put everything in one load. That was not correct. When I went to get the clothes out of the washer there was a problem. The blankets weighed too much and it broke.
Tina went to the beach yesterday. When she parked she had to walk on the sand for a half mile. The only problem was the the sand was piping hot. Tina was wearing flip flops. So she could feel the sand and realized she should wear shoes next.
Gloria wanted to find a special new dress for her anniversary dinner. She ordered a fancy black dress that looked lovely in a catalog. When the dress arrived, Gloria was excited to try it on. Sadly, the dress was frumpy and saggy and the zipper broke at once. Gloria was very disappointed and returned the dress for a refund.
The city was a tourist attraction. There were many restaurants to choose from. My son, however, just wanted a burger. We ended up stopping at a small burger stand inside a gas station. They turned out to be the best burger I've ever had.
Frank liked to smoke. He would pull out his pipe when he was watching TV. One day, his wife told him he had to give up the pipe. He got very angry. He told her it was none of her business.
Jenna just got a new phone. The first thing she did was go to the app store. She searched around for games. She purchased a racing game that was on sale for $1. Jenna played the game on her phone the entire afternoon.
David wasn't confident he would land the job. First, he was black and second he'd been out of work for a six months. He applied for a job at an SEO firm. They called him back after one month. They decided to hire David because he was Google certified.
Josh didn't feel like going to his niece's soccer game. When his brother called him he made up an excuse to not go. Josh said he shot himself, his brother said he's coming to see him. Frantic, Josh grabbed his bb gun and shot himself in the foot. When his brother came Josh showed him the injury and was able to stay home.
The Jones family had a large pet python. Mrs Jones was afraid of snakes and feared it might escape. One day during feeding, the snake slipped out of its tank unnoticed. Mrs Jones went crazy and left the house until it was found! Luckily the python hadn't gone far and was found under the sofa.
Hallie loves to play with her barbie dolls. She doesn't like playing by herself. She enjoys it when  Becky plays with her. Hallie asked Becky to play barbies with her. Becky agreed.
I was walking in the woods at night. My flashlight suddenly stopped working. I tried to find my way out of the woods in the dark. Alas, I stumbled on a rock and fell and broke my ankle. I learned to always bring a second flashlight.
Tommy's class took a field trip to the zoo. Tommy was completely enthralled by the antics at the monkey exhibit. When he finally looked around, Tommy saw his class was gone. Tommy panicked, realizing he was lost. Then Tommy caught sight of one of his classmates.
Michael wanted to get into a good college. He studied hard and participated in lots of school activities. He applied to the college he wanted to attend, and he was accepted. Michael was so excited! He was very proud of his accomplishment.
Abbey was making breakfast. She was excited to serve up some fruit she had bought. She went to retrieve it and was sad about what she found. All of the fruit was rotting and moldy. Abbey had to throw it out and eat no fruit that day.
Joseph was at his brother's wedding. He was trying to enjoy himself but he didn't get along with one guest. The guest, his brother's friend, was flirting with Joseph's girlfriend. The guest took it too far and Joseph started to fight with him. Soon both were kicked out and Joseph felt terrible.
Damon went on vacation out of state with a friend and his family. They spent 10 days in Louisiana in the middle of summer. He thought it would be super fun and exciting. Instead, it was hot and miserable, and quite boring. Damon was so glad to be back home when it was over.
Mike says he is faster than Rob on roller blades. I told Rob and he got upset. Rob says he is the fastest. I made them race to see who was faster. Rob beat Mike very easily.
Gerty had an imagination. She was only 8, but imagined a whole world around her. Made up dragons, voyages to the great beyond. One day she didn't want to pretend. She ended up finding a real friend to play games with.
Ila asked some friends to play soccer with her. They all met at the field in the park. Then they set up their goal posts. Soon they were kicking, running, and laughing. Ila and her friends had a fantastic time playing soccer together!
Margaret loved potato chips. She had a bag every day. Eventually, she noticed she had been gaining weight. She realized it must be because of the chips. She decided to start running instead of quitting chips.
I bought my college textbooks used. They cost me nearly $200 all together. When I got to class I found out they didn't come with an online code. The code is needed to complete classwork. It costs $90 a piece and I can't afford that.
Betsy had been out partying all night and was starving. She found a diner that served greasy breakfast. She ordered pancakes and bacon and coffee. She gobbled it all up. She left the waitress a big tip because it was so delicious.
Jill's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck. There'd be one ready to be picked the next day. But when she'd get up in the morning, it would be gone. One day she got up extra early. When she looked outside there was a fat squirrel eating her tomatoes.
Gene needed a change of scenery and decided to move. He looked through apartment magazines and Craigslist ads. Gene met with a few realtors and went over his options. He decided to rent an expensive apartment the other side of town. He loved the view from his balcony and was much happier.
Emma was on a date with her new boyfriend Ali. They went for hot dogs. But Ali said he could only eat beef hot dogs. Emma had never had beef dogs and she was hesitant. But when she tried them, she found they were delicious!
Angela was the strangest person on her street. She would drink water from the bird bath in the front yard. She hoarded newspapers inside of her house. She was odd, but the neighbors thought Angela was harmless. This changed when she was arrested for slapping a baby.
Amanda was having a very rough day. This morning, Amanda's alarm clock failed, which made her sleep late. After rushing to get ready, Amanda discovered a flat tire on her car. Amanda tried calling a taxi, but her cellphone was not charged. Amanda decided to call out of work, as her day started out bad.
The logger wanted to make a raft for the river. He picked his trees carefully and started to cut them. They fell one after another according to plan. The last tree fell the wrong way and almost hit his friends! Luckily they jumped away and everyone was alright after it fell.
Marian was hitting a nail with his hammer. He missed and stubbed his finger. He went to get a bandage. He checked his finger and it was swollen and purple. Marian told himself to be more careful.
Deb was drinking a juice box from the fridge. She had never had cranberry juice before. At first it was ok. But then a frown appeared on her face. She had to spit it out in the sink!
Wayne loved flowers. He build a garden behind his home. He grew roses and violets. He entered his roses in a state fair. He won first prize.
Tom wanted to go swimming. There was a river near by. Tom checked the news. They said that the river was too polluted to swim in. Tom decided against it.
Lydia inserted the USB port into her computer. It gave her computer a virus. Lydia examined it and it contained pornography. She started watching the videos. Lydia didn't mind that her computer caught a virus.
I went to North Conway with my girlfriend in 1980. We did not have a car and took the bus. We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner. We took the bus back to Boston. We got married a year later.
Polly ate her lunch at her normal place. Today, Polly ordered salad with crackers. While eating, Polly choked on a cracker. A man nearby saved Polly. Polly and the man became best friends and eventually got married.
The man was in pursuit. He lost his target. He radioed for help. Nearby units joined the pursuit. The target was captured.
Anna lost her locket last week. She thought her sister might have taken it. When she asked her sister denied it. Anna looked through her things and found it. She didn't bring it up because she didn't want to fight.
My wife warned me not to go out into the snow. I needed to get some batteries. I decided to risk it. I got about two miles and slid into a ditch. My wife laughed at me over the phone.
I used to collect colored pencils and erasers. The erasers came in all kinds of cute shapes and sizes. I walked to the bookstore in school and bought unicorn erasers. I did this every week with my allowance. I collected them all together in a metal tin by Lisa Frank.
I went running this morning. While I was running it started to rain. I ran under a bridge for cover. Once it stopped I continued running. It started to rain again after I finished my last mile.
I dated Adam for 2 years in high school. One Sunday he left my house to go home. He felt sick and pulled over. He vomited blood on the side of the road. He was later diagnosed with Leukemia.
Carlos was eating some mexican chips. They had a lot of spices. Then he tried some gringo chips. They were comparatively bland. He actually preferred the gringo chips though.
Fred drove his car along a country road at night. Up ahead was a police car blocking the road. Fred, a wanted con, hit the brakes and stopped his car. He threw the car into reverse and drove backwards. The policeman saw this and decided to chase after.
Tina had a bag of clothes she wanted to donate. Her boyfriend tried to be helpful. He took the bag to goodwill himself. Unfortunately he got the wrong bag. Tina had to go explain the mistake and get her things back.
Pat knew the next few months would be hard. He was packed and ready to leave. His mom and dad took him to the airport. As they said their goodbyes, Pat wept. Pat left for college and his comfort zone was left behind.
The day had record heat. I tried to install an air conditioner. I dropped the air conditioner. It scraped a line of skin off my arm as it slid to the floor. When people see the injury they think it looks like I slit my wrist.
The man was playing poker. He had a flush. He went all in. He got called with two pairs. He won the hand.
Tom went to the dentist. He was not taking good care of his teeth. The dentist found two cavities. The dentist told Tom that he needed to floss more. Tom learned his lesson and promised to do better.
Survivor was Carey's favorite show. She was excited for the new season. After watching the first episode she did not like the cast. She thought she might not watch Survivor this year. Carey found a different show to watch on Wednesday night.
Fred and tom decided they wanted to go camping together. They set up base right on the mountain. But when they were about to sleep they saw a bear. Fred tried hard to not freak out. But thankfully the bear went away soon.
My little brother and sister were outside playing. I just finished cooking dinner and called them inside. They said the would come in later, but I said it's ready now. In one hour they finally came inside to eat. The food was cold, and they got mad, but I warned them.
Jenna's grandma was baking cookies to give to the neighbors. She tasked Jenna with taking the sweets to them. While Jenna was delivering them, some bullies tried to steal them. Jenna's grandma rushed out of the house, wielding a broom. The bullies made a hasty retreat.
Peter was a trumpet player. Today he had a gig with his band. All his music was scanned in his tablet. The battery in his tablet died. He had to improvise.
The school dance was coming up. I decided to ask out the girl I liked. She said yes! On the day of the dance she decided to not go. I had to go alone and my friends laughed at me.
Graham was playing basketball with his friends. Suddenly someone threw the ball right at his face. To his surprise his tooth cracked. He was so sad and worried it would look ugly forever. Luckily a dentist was able to fix it up quickly.
Abigail had set up a rental for a vacation with her husband. She wasn't sure what to expect from the place. When they arrived she was very pleased. It was a cozy, private cabin with nice furnishings. She enjoyed her stay a lot.
I was driving home from work last night. I didn't notice the gas gauge was so low. The car stopped on me just blocks from the house. I had to walk the rest of the way. Now I have to go get gas to put in the stranded car.
One day Michelle went to San Diego. First she went to Balboa Park. Then she went to SeaWorld. Finally she went to the USS Midway Museum. She had a great time.
Kimberly's school was putting on a talent show. She wasn't sure what she wanted to do. Her friends urged her to sing. Kimberly performed a song. The crowd gave her a standing ovation.
Ruth had found an extra dollar on the sidewalk. She went to a store and decided to buy an instant lotto ticket. Ruth scratched the ticket and found matches. Ruth had won ten dollars! Ruth cashed in her ten dollars.
James' favorite food is hot wings. On payday he went to Buffalo Wings Restaurant. At the restaurant, they were having a buffalo wing eating contest. James signed up and ate one hundred wings. He won a gift certificate for a free twenty piece hot wings.
Yesterday I left work and had a sink full of dirty dishes. This morning I woke up and the dishes started to stink. I began washing the dishes. I could not find out why they stunk so bad. After all the dishes were done I realized it was the trash stinking.
We went to the town today. It was too hot, It felt like a sauna. I couldn't stand it. I had to sit down.
I tried to do some work yesterday. I had to use a linkedin website. After I was done, people starting adding me. I was confused as to why they added me. I realized it was because I had been logged in.
Sasha was reading a celebrity magazine. She saw that her favorite old series was having a special reunion. The episode was actually airing that night. Sasha was so excited that she decided to make a whole event of it. Her friends came over, they ordered food and they enjoyed the show.
Nina had to go to the library to research a report. She didn't have a ride to the library so she was asking friends. I told her that I could drive her. I arrived at her house and picked her up. I drove her to the library and then waited to drive her home after!
Tom was playing outside with other kids. They all heard the ice cream truck approaching. Tom ran into his house to get money. He ran back out and caught up to the truck. Tom was able to buy his favorite treats.
Missy was first home from school and decided to play nintendo. When Billy got home shortly after he also wanted to play. He started crying because he wanted to play all day long. Missy told Billy not to cry and let him play. Billy smiled and gave Missy a big hug.
I had a big exam to take last week. I had been studying for it for days. The night before the exam I decided to review my notes one more time. I lost track of time and stayed up too late. I was so sleepy the next morning I almost was late for the exam!
Kelly's favorite time of the summer was campfire stories. Her sister told the best ones. This time when her sister told the story, Kelly became very scared. She told her to stop. Kelly then couldn't sleep because she was so scared.
I was cleaning the bedroom. I pulled out the dresser to vacuum. I found something small and brown. I didn't know what it was. My husband said it was an entire potato.
Bob was swimming in his local pool. He loved to go there to cool down. He was doing laps when he was splashed with a large wave. His daughter did a cannonball into the pool! Bob retaliated by splashing water back at her.
I was a ballerina as a young girl. I did ballet for about 11 years. I felt I was ready to do pointe shoes. My school said I was too young and my feet weren't ready. I was so upset, I quit ballet for good.
Chandler woke up one morning and was getting ready for school. He looked out the window of his room. He saw that it was snowing outside. He decided it would be a good idea to put on a jacket. He made it to school on time and comfortably.
Ariel loved dogs. She wanted to take care of them. She started her own shelter. It was tons of work. She loved saving dogs.
John wished he lived in the past as a pirate in a different life. He dressed as one every day of his life at the dismay of his wife. He worked from home so he was able to afford this lifestyle. His wife left him one day having been tired of his charade. He never learned his lesson and remained a lonely pirate.
A small child went to the zoo with his parents. He really, really wanted to see the penguin house. When his parents finally took him there, he was elated. Penguins, however, smell terrible in large numbers. His parents spirited him out of there as soon as humanly possible.
Jack grew up in the 1950s with four brothers and a sister. They all rode in the back of a station wagon on a trip to see family. On the way home Jack's family realized he was not in the car. They had forgotten Jack at his aunt's house! They turned around to go back and get him.
The other day I went downstairs for a glass of water. I got my water from the sink. On my way back upstairs I spilled my glass all over the floor. I had to get a towel to clean it up. I also had to go get a whole new glass of water.
In 5th grade, we had to write a paper on culture. I wrote about the culture of Native Americans. My teacher told me it was too broad and gave me a bad grade. I had Native American friend come and help with a redo of my project. My teacher was happy that I was dedicated and she gave me an A+.
Johnny worked at a diner over the summer. He was constantly coming late. He assumed his manager didn't mind. One day his manager brought it up, causing a fight. Johnny was fired for being late and rude.
A snow storm came in the night. Ed woke up to three feet of snow! He tried to leave for work, but he couldn't. He had to shovel out the whole driveway first! Ed ended up being an hour late to work!
Patrick and his friends were bored one night. They decided to goof around on the local playground. Patrick's friends dared him to go down the child slide. He went but got stuck in the middle. Patrick felt extremely foolish for making such a mistake.
Billie was a girl with a boy's name. She had always been made fun of because she had short hair. Billie's dad made her get a haircut every month. One day she told her dad about the bullying. Billie's father felt so bad he never made her cut her hair again.
Mike had an upcoming assignment for his newspaper. He had delayed the assignment until today. He was desperate and sought help. One of his friends thankfully covered for him. Mike did not lose his job and took his friend out to dinner.
Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams. He would always go to his local stadium and watch them. One day Terry went to the stadium and found out it closed down. Terry was very upset that he had to travel far to see his games. Terry eventually petitioned that the state open up the stadium again.
Leon always had trouble remembering important dates. He had tried different methods of remembering them. His wife suggested a personal calendar app on his phone. Leon found one online. He can now remember all of the important dates.
Beth had a large tank of goldfish. She would often sell the guppies to other people. One day all of her guppies and goldfish disappear! She had no idea where they went until she saw her cat! Her cat had gotten into the water and eaten all her fish!
Jenny was a secretary for the CEO of a big company. The CEO asked Jenny to get him a coffee at a local cafe down the road. His favorite flavor of coffee was unavailable when Jenny got to order. She decided to take a chance and order the CEO a brand new flavor. The CEO was surprised by the new flavor and highly enjoyed it.
Tina bought a new pair of high heels. She wore them to work. During her break she lost balance and fell over. Tina's ankle ballooned up almost instantly. It wound up being broken in three parts.
Mike did not really want to go for a walk with his wife. She told him he needed to get into shape, so he went with her. They walked together and Mike found it was nice outside. He also liked getting to talk to with her. Now they walk together every day!
I eagerly went to the bank. I was going to withdraw one thousand dollars. I filled out my withdrawal slip. The bank teller said there was nothing she could do. It turns out I had to have a bank account with money in it.
Jenny wanted a new friendship bracelet. She and her friend decided to make one together. When they finished they wore them out. They planned on wearing them forever. Jenny then wanted to make another one.
Despite her tight budget, Sandy was determined to have a vacation. She lined up money-making projects for the entire year. In the spring, she worked part-time at a local garden center. Over the summer, Sandy and her daughter held three garage sales. By fall, a haunted house event put her savings over the top.
Bob's housing arrangements hadn't been finalized. He looked for another option while he waited. He found an extended stay hotel. Bob asked if they had better weekly rates. He stayed there until he could move into his house.
Sam ordered a cappuccino. She was too busy talking to remember how hot it was. As she was driving, she hit a bump. Hot cappuccino went flying all down her shirt. Sam got a small burn from the cappuccino and learned her lesson.
Sarah went on a hike. On the hike she saw many animals. One of the animals was an injured bird. She picked up the bird and carried it with her. She then took the bird to the vet to help it.
Maddie wanted to buy some ice cream. She went up to the counter and ordered a cone. The cashier told her the cost. Maddie dug through her wallet, but she didn't have enough money. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to get ice cream.
Carly ordered a burger at the restaurant. She specifically asked for it to be well done. When she received the burger, it was pink inside. She sent the burger back to the kitchen. Finally, she received her burger and got to enjoy it.
Otis wanted to make a dessert. He decided on a gingerbread house because of the season. He baked the gingerbread house sides and roof. Colorful candies were frosted to the house. Otis ate half the house before the end of the day.
Robert has been trying to be a cop for three Years with no luck. He keeps getting interviewed but never passes the last interview. He thought to himself to start looking at smaller jobs to make money. He got a job as a security guard at a store. After a year he realized he liked this job instead and stuck with it.
Neil was volunteering in the Gaza Strip. He helped refugees find safety. he also helped children get clean water. It was very difficult sometimes. But Neil felt he grew from his experiences in Gaza.
Frank was a lonely guy. Frank went out to look for a lady friend. He searched bars and cafes. He found a nice girl at a bar. He took her back to his place and made love.
Jane ran down the hill really fast. She fell on her way down the hill. Jane hit a trash can on her way tumbling down. Jane injured herself going down the hill. Jane spent a week in the hospital because of her injuries.
Tom always loved the ocean. He would vacation at the beach often. He decided to buy a vacation home. He got one right on the beach. Tom spent a lot of time there.
Josh took his son to a toy store. He wanted to buy him a birthday present. Josh told his son he could have anything he wanted. So, his son looked around everywhere. Finally, his son choose a red ball as his gift.
Cook loved to cook foods. He even wanted to be a chef but he could not. Instead, he cooked for his friends. One day, he was cooking and hurt himself. He went to the hospital and got better.
Tara had a very itchy mosquito bite on her leg. It was so itchy, she scratched it until it bled. She then put some cream on it to relieve the itch, but it burned. Because she had scratched it so badly, the cream did nothing to help. Now she puts on cream immediately so it doesn't happen again.
Sam was always impulsive. His wife sent him to get groceries. Sam went to the store and got sidetracked. He wound up buying several things he didn't need. His wife was upset with him.
The police collected evidence at the crime scene. They took photographs of each item of interest. When the trial began, the prosecutors presented the evidence. The defense attorney claimed the evidence wasn't credible. The jury agreed with the prosecution.
I went to the mall to look for a pair of jeans. Most of the jeans were out of my price range. I decided to walk into a store that sold discount Jeans. I walked straight to the clearance section. I ended up purchasing a beautiful pair of jeans for ten dollars.
Brooke was against going to the mall. She wanted to go skydiving this Saturday. Her aunt was against the idea. Brooke fibbed about going to the mall. She went skydiving instead.
James was at the bar. On the way out he noticed a phone on the floor. He asked around if anybody owned it. Eventually he gave it to the bar tender. They put it into their lost and found box.
Jill was exercising at gym. But she quickly became tired. She decided to take a break but never returned to exercising. She hardly spent any time exercising. And after a month, she realized how little progress she made.
Dan decided to buy his 16 year old daughter her first car. At the lot she chose a car more expensive than he wanted to spend. Dan chose a car that was more economical. His daughter was upset with the choice. Later his daughter apologized and told him it was the right choice.
Sally had several dogs. One of them named Fido was a real pain. He would always bite people and try to pounce on them. Then one day Fido met a large Great Dane. Fido doesn't mess with things larger than he is anymore.
Julie always wanted a kitten. For her last birthday, her parents took her to the animal shelter. Her parents let her pick the kitten herself. She was not exactly sure what kind she wanted. She saw a kitten alone in a corner and knew this was the one for her.
Fred was at a library. And he decided to look through some books for once. He found himself absorbed in a fantasy novel. And reading it was all he did for several weeks. Afterwards, Fred loved reading and libraries.
Jen wanted to plant flowers. She was not that good at gardening. Hoping to find something pretty, she went to the garden shop. They had some pretty yellow flowers. She bought them, hoping they would grow!
Shana had been living with her boyfriend for a year. With how busy they were they hadn't gone out a single time. Now it was New Years and Shana expected a quiet night at home. Suddenly her boyfriend asked her to get ready for a surprise. He took her out to a romantic dinner and party.
Will always wanted to be a stand up comedian. One evening, he got on stage at an open mic event. He did his act, but no one laughed. Someone even booed him off stage. Will decided he no longer wanted to be a comedian.
Sandra bought a bed skirt at the thrift store. When she got home it was very wrinkled from being in the bag. She couldn't find her iron so she improvised. Her mother could hardly believe how nice the bed skirt looked. Sandra didn't tell her she ironed it with her hair flat iron!
Anna committed to veganism. At first it was hard. It felt like she could not eat anything at all! But she gradually found substitutes for most foods. Soon she was effortlessly choosing vegan options!
Pearl had a huge fear of going near the ocean. She was so afraid of ocean water that she ended her vacation plans. Her friends had invited her to a beach resort but Pearl declined. Her new vacation plan was to drive cross country visit national parks. Pearl spent her entire vacation alone sighting.
Lewis always wanted to party. When at university, he was know as the party king. Even after graduation Lewis kept partying hard. When everyone else settled down, Lewis continued, which made him sad. His friends planned an intervention to help him improve his life.
Bill always slipped on his front porch during the winter. A thick layer of ice always formed. This year he decided to end that debacle. He bought salt to spread on his porch. His porch is ice free this year.
Charles saw a lot of weird things in his lifetime. But something Marlene did was weirder than most. They walked on campus and Marlene said she needed some water. They went into a store and Marlene bought a bottle of water. She poured the water over her face and body, but she wasn't thirsty.
Amanda was stuck sitting at the table. Her mom said she couldn't leave until she ate her peas. Amanda moved them around the plate. She tried to feed them to her dog. Finally, she just had to swallow them whole like pills.
Ken was full after lunch at school. His friend was still hungry. Ken had a dollar. He gave the dollar to his friend to buy a snack. Ken's friend paid him back the next day.
Pam does surveys daily to try to win prizes on Survey Monkey. She herself also uses it for her research. One time, she did one of the surveys she posted. She ended up having enough credits to earn a reward. Pam did not seem to think there was anything wrong with that.
One day at school, Tim went to go eat lunch. Tim took a seat in the cafeteria and reached into his lunchbox. He pulled out a banana he had packed from home and peeled it. He was about to take a bite, but noticed the banana was almost rotten. Tim threw the banana away and didn't eat anything for lunch.
There was a great Native-American poet named Too Short. Too Short stayed in the Bay Area with his tribe the Hyphy Nation. Too Short aspired to be the chief one day. He worked day and night in preparation for election day. He won in a landslide victory and is now the new Chief.
A little old lady stood on the street corner. It was obvious she wanted to cross the street. Then a well dressed older man approached her. They talked for a minute and then he gently grabbed her elbow. And with his guidance, they crossed the street together.
Tori was outside in the garden. While she was planting flowers, a bee stung her. She started getting dizzy. She yelled out for help. Tori had an allergic reaction and passed out.
A group of friends went on a snowmobile ride one afternoon. The rider in front of me was moving up a slope at an angle. She decided to stop giving it gas and, promptly began to roll sideways. She jumped off the sled and ran away from it, almost being crushed. She managed to safely get away and we laughed about it later.
Martha had a mean, rude, nosy next door neighbor. One day, this neighbor decided to start spying on Martha. She peeked into Martha's windows and tried to see what was inside. It turned out that Martha was inside and so caught her spying. Martha then took her to court to get a restraining order.
Jen had to be out the door to catch the bus in a few minutes. She grabbed a carton of milk on the counter to pour on her cereal. She took a big mouthful. She quickly realized someone had left the milk out for a long time. It had spoiled sitting out of the refrigerator.
Alex owed Tim some money. He offered to go get some pizza. He asked if Alex could cut his debt in half. Alex agreed. He hurried to get the pizza.
James needed to decide on a career. He joined the army. They trained him to be a medic. He became a nurse once he got out. James has been a nurse for 30 years now.
Rita got a new piano the other day. She thought it would be a good background. Little did she knew her boyfriend would be so good at it. When he came over, he was amazing. He shocked the entire room.
My friend is a doctor. He had several stacks of papers. He did not need them anymore. So he put them in a circle. And he set them on fire.
Emma and Allie went for a walk in the woods. They thought they new the area well. Soon, they realized they did not know where they were. Emma and Allie wandered for a long time looking for anything familiar. Finally, they heard their parents calling them to safety.
I went to my job as a lifeguard. One of our floats was in the river. I went out to get it. The water was shallow. That was my only rescue that day.
Gina needed to pry open a frozen car door. But all she could find was a thin paintbrush handle. She slid the handle in between the door frame and the door. She pushed the handle back hoping it would hold. The ice broke and the door finally opened.
John had a raging toothache. He called the dentist for an emergency appointment. The dentist told him he could remove the dying tooth. John told him to do whatever it takes to end the pain. The dentist pulled the tooth right out of John's head.
Cal shut the door to his house behind him and started down the steps. He slipped on the wet concrete and skidded down them. Cal broke his tailbone and tore his clothes! He brushed himself off and drove himself to the hospital. The nurses couldn't believe he'd done so while in so much pain.
It's August and I just realized that Spring never came. Sure, the months that Spring normally visits definitely came. However, Spring is usually marked by the inevitable Spring cleaning. I never managed to quite work up the fever of Spring cleaning though. Perhaps I'll do all my Spring cleaning in the Fall.
Susan lost her teddy bear at the train station. She cried and cried when she realized it was gone. Her family brought her back to the station to look for the bear. They were about to give up when the janitor came up to them. The janitor had found Susan's bear and returned it to her.
Ivy and her children were camping in the woods. Ivy cooked dinner while the children picked and ate berries. When she saw them, she panicked, thinking they were poisoned! Hurriedly she pulled out her phone to research the small berries. Then she sagged with relief - the berries were harmless mulberries!
Terena propped herself up on her left arm to read. Then her left shoulder really began to hurt. So she shifted her weight to her right. Now her right shoulder really hurts! That was a bad plan.
I wanted to sell jewelry online. I watched YouTube videos to learn the craft. I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry. I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop. It's been two weeks and I haven't sold a piece of jewelry.
Debbie wanted to sit by the pool. She unfortunate sat too close. Her husband pushed her in. It was a joke. Debbie laughed but learnt a lesson.
My son's friend Tim is 27. Tim recently moved back home with his parents. Today he complained about poor router service on Snapchat. A Snapchat friend suggested he get a job and move out. Tim said he needs time to find himself.
John wanted to buy something special for his wife. He didn't have enough money. He asked his boss if he could work overtime. One of his coworkers couldn't make it so his boss said yes. John bought his wife the gift with his extra money.
Steven was in a rush. He was driving to work and he was almost late. He passed a red light on accident. A cop stopped him. He was late to work.
Kate met Jan at the library every day for a week. Jan had been at her dad's house for that week. But now she was going back to her mom's across town. Jan would only be able to come to the library on the weekends. Kate was sad she wouldn't be able to see her friend as often.
John loved to play basketball with his friends. Once they played when they were on vacation in the nature. John threw the ball in behind the basket table. The ball ended up in the woods. They could not find it.
John jumped into his car to go home from work for the night. He always drives with the windows down to smell the fresh air. As he was driving, a bat flew into his far through the open window. The bat caused John to swerve all over the road and run into a curb. John had to take his car to a shop to get his tire fixed the next day.
Tom was at the park one day. There was a small kids festival going on. Tom noticed a free balloon sign. They were supposed to be for kids. Tom was so excited they made an exception for him.
Kay had a secret to tell his mom. When he got home, he pulled her aside. Then he took out his report card and showed it to her. His secret was a good one. He had improved his grades in every single class!
Tom had just returned from lunch. Everyone gave him funny looks and licked their teeth. He didn't know why until he used the bathroom. He noticed he had spinach stuck between his teeth. He told everyone to just tell him directly next time.
Jimmy had an important soccer match. He would be starting for his team. When he got to the field he was feeling energetic. He scored an early goal for his team. He won the game with a last minute goal.
Tom was cooking bacon for breakfast. The smell woke up his entire family. They were all equally hungry. Tom decided to make more bacon for everyone. His family loved him for it.
Ron was hiking in the woods. He ended up falling and breaking his leg. He couldn't walk and had to wait around hoping someone would find him. Hours had passed before another hiker came by. They helped Ron get to a hospital.
Jill's Scout troop was having a cake fundraiser. Jill worked hard to make her own cake the best of all. At the auction, Jill saw the other cakes looked professionally made. Jill felt downcast when her cake was offered for auction. To her surprise, it brought the biggest bid because it was homemade.
Nell's mom always told a bedtime story she invented. When Nell had to write in school, she wrote her mom's bedtime story. The teacher said she would read the stories when the parents visited. Nell felt horrified she had stolen her mom's story. But when her mom heard Nell's version, she beamed with pride.
Terry promised to take his son to the game if he made good grades. His son had studied and stayed up late. His son made very good grades through his hard work. Terri was proud of his son. They ended up attending the game as promised.
Tanya is working hard at her job. Tanya is called into the boss's office. Tanya is told she is being let go. Tanya is sad. Tanya leaves her job to look for another one.
Shay was getting a new tattoo. She wanted to get a rose on her neck. It didn't feel like the shape of a rose being tattooed. When she was finished she looked in the mirror. And there was a tattoo across her neck that said Bros.
Fred put in his headphones and listened to music. He sang along to the music as he went about his day. A person on the street stopped Fred to ask about his singing. He wanted to know what song he was singing to. Fred sang the name of the song to the man and walked on.
I went to the hospital to receive treatment. My nurse took a blood test before starting any treatment. She told me that my hemoglobin was low. She also ordered a sample of blood to give me a blood transfusion. I ended up waiting in the hospital for several hours.
Felipe did not like trying new foods. His friends tried convincing him for months to try eating quinoa. Finally he agreed to give it a shot. He found it chewy and not very appetizing. Felipe decided to stick with eating the foods he knew and loved.
Allie wanted a tattoo. But she was afraid it would hurt. So she opted for a small one. She was screaming in pain. It was just too painful.
I left work in my car. I crashed into a deer going about 65 miles per hour. The deer flew through my windshield. I was rushed to the hospital. The doctor set my two broken arms.
Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper. It was called Ask Mac. Students wrote in to ask him things. Then he offered salient, helpful advice. Mac loved writing Ask Mac!
Matt was practicing laps in his school's swimming pool. He felt like he was getting a lot stronger and faster. Matt started to imagine himself winning an upcoming swim competition. While still swimming, he begin to get lost in fantasies of victory. Unfocused on reality, Matt crashed into the wall of the pool.
Amy had interviewed for jobs at 2 stores near her home. She was hoping she would be offered at least one of the jobs. To her surprise both of the jobs wanted to hire Amy. Amy Had not expected to be offered 2 jobs. Amy had no idea how she would choose between the two.
Eliza was eating Italian food. She got some tomato sauce on her blouse. Her boyfriend tried to get it off with his napkin. Eliza was embarrassed and told him to stop. Everyone was watching them.
Jack loves walking to the Marathon. Usually Jack takes his uncle Tony with him. Today on their walk they ended up stuck in the rain. Jack and Tony ran to the Marathon to get out of the rain. Shortly after arriving, the rain stopped and they walked home.
Jim couldn't start his day without coffee. But one morning, there was a long line at his local coffee shop. He made the hard decision to leave and go to work. But he could only think about coffee for the rest of the day. During break time, he rushed to the coffee shop and binged.
My dad and I woke up early. We left the cabin and walked deep into the woods. We sat in the same place for hours waiting. I shot my first deer. We ate good that night.
Riley is playing. Riley feels something bite her. She looks to see what it was. It was a huge snake. Riley is taken to the hospital for her bite.
Jake had a sugar addiction. He drank five energy drinks a day. He knew it wasn't good for him. He cut it down to just one. He feels a lot better everyday now.
Lori's homework was due today. She didn't have it complete. She stole John's homework and turned it in with her name on it. The teacher knew that Lori hadn't done that work. Lori was suspended from school for a week.
Tim was drinking tea. It was brown in a glass bottle. There were others around it. Tim picked up the wrong bottle. What was inside was gross to him.
Justin was at school one day. He was at lunch when he saw a big line. People in the line were getting free pizza. It turned out that you had to have perfect attendance. Justin did, so he got free pizza.
One day while out in the woods, Alex encountered a bear. Alex was very frightened, as the bear continued to stare at him. Then Alex remembered what his grandfather told him. His grandfather had said that music soothes the savage beast. So, Alex hit the bear with his guitar.
Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween. This year they visited many homes on Halloween. When his kids were asleep, Craig checked how much candy they had. He decided to eat all of their Halloween candy. Craig's sons never went trick or treating with him again.
Rita was walking through the woods. She saw a snake slither past her feet! She screamed and ran away. She wouldn't return to the woods because of the snake. They were her greatest fear!
Billy wanted to see Star Wars at the movies. His parents said he wasn't old enough. He hid in the back of the car when his sister left to go. She caught him! Billy didn't get to see Star Wars.
Kelsey was boiling some chicken for dinner. She was watching her pot closely until her kids began yelling. For a few minutes she was distracted by them. When she came back, she found her pot boiling over. Chicken water had spilled everywhere, but her food was cooked.
In 2007 our condo had mice. We used traps and bait. We killed some mice but more came. Our property manager sealed every crack with foam. That kept the mice out for four years.
When I was a kid I wanted a dog. My parents finally gave in. The dog was fun for awhile, then a chore. My parents were upset they were doing all the work. We all decided to find it a new home.
Carla like to decorate cups as a hobby. But one day she offered some up for sale. There was a lot of interest in Carla's cups. So she decided to sell them. Carla now makes a living off of her decorated cups.
Katrina and Scott went to the movie theater one night. They both got a big tub of popcorn. Then they sat down in their seats. The movie was really good. After the movie they got dinner at Russ.'.
Sean's mom was worried he was not studying enough. She knew he had a big math test coming up. If he got an A she told him she would buy him a new video game. He studied harder than he had for any math test before. She bought the game when he brought home his A graded test.
New houses were being built in my neighborhood. I went into the houses when they were under construction. I tried to figure out what each of the rooms was. I liked the smell of the fresh wood. I was sad when the houses were finished.
Stacey was only twelve, but she wanted to earn money by babysitting. Her parents decided to let her find work if she could be responsible. She decided to show she was responsible by making dinner for them. Unfortunately, she burned the food and it nearly caught on fire! Stacey's parents decided not to let her babysit yet.
After getting in to my destination really late I needed a hotel. The room I had booked was given away because I was so late. I called various hotels but none of them had rooms! Finally I found a room very close to the airport. I got a taxi to the hotel and slept right away.
Nick planned a redneck mini golf event in his small town. He had people around town create golf holes in their yards. Everyone rode around from hole to hole on a hayrack ride. At every hole people had drinks and ate food. The person with the lowest score at the end won a trophy.
Anna hated biting her nails. She tried to stop many times. But always, she found herself gnawing them unconsciously! Then she tried a foul-tasting nail paint. The bad taste served as a very effective deterrent.
Allie was about to get a shot. She was so nervous. She was about to cry. Allie was short of breath. Finally when it was over it didn't hurt badly.
Jasmine had a beautiful new necklace. It was a locket. She put pictures of her kids in each side. She thought the locket brought her good luck. She wore it on the first day of her new job.
Carter was heating up a bowl of soup in the microwave. When it was done he tried to carry it to his table. The bowl was so hot that he couldn't get a good grip. He spilled the bowl, splashing hot broth all over the place. His soup was wasted and he had a huge mess to clean up.
Larry was walking down the road. He spotted a cute girl across the street. He smiled and approached her. She looked scared and walked away. It hurt his feelings and he walked away sad.
Gus was mixing up some sauce to put on the buffalo wings he made. He knocked over a bottle of hot sauce into his mixing pot by mistake. The result was the hottest sauce he ever tried before. Gus served all his wings to his friends. The sauce was so hot they could not finish them.
Edgar loves to do karate. He is a karate instructor at his own gym. He teaches kids and adults. They love him the way he teaches. He motivates them to do better in their life.
Tim was invited to a cookout. He was asked to bring a dish. He made BBQ pulled pork. At the cookout, everyone raved about his pork! Tim felt very proud.
Jace and Colton needed braces. There mom took them to the orthodontist. She could not afford it. She decided to get a part time job. She was able to pay for the orthodontist over time.
Kia ordered a pizza delivered to her house. But when it arrived, she was disappointed. The pizza was soggy and undercooked. She called the restaurant and complained. They quickly sent her a fresh new pizza.
The ball rolled. A boy kicked it. The ball flew into a street. A car hit the ball. The boys ball was ruined.
Terry wanted a puppy for her birthday. Her mother told her she couldn't have one. Terry was very sad. On her Birthday, Terry got a puppy. Her father got her on, instead.
Donald was a rich child living off a large inheritance. He dreamed of owning a lot of real estate. He bought a big tower with some of his money. Beautiful women were impressed by this feat and married him. Donald divorced all but one of them.
Tina wanted to save one hundred dollars for a vacation. She was really broke. She decided to open up a savings account. Every month she took 25 dollars out of her check. In four months she could pay for her vacation!
When my uncle Earthell moved back home with us, I thought he'd be OK. But Earthell was addicted to Crack Cocaine. His second day back home he stole his parents' jewelry. His father, my grandfather, said he would shoot Earthell. About a week later, Earthell was found beheaded in an alley.
Kevin was a bully in junior high and high school. He signed up with Facebook to laugh at people he bullied. But Kevin had a car accident and his wife and daughter died. Tons of comments for support flooded Facebook. Kevin read the most empathetic words from people he bullied.
Sarah was skiing with her family. Suddenly she saw a girl from her school class. The two started talking and decided to hang out together. They spent all day skiing together. At the end of the day, the girl came to Sarah's for a sleepover.
Gina was at the park all by herself. And now a loose dog was coming up to her. She was scared, but didn't run. And she was alone, so there was no reason to call for help. Gina was relieved when the dog simply lay down at her feet.
We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little. It was only 45 minutes away from our home. The water was very still and clear. There were no regulations against swimming clear across the pond. My son still swims there on occasion.
Tom had a favorite t-shirt. It shrank in the wash. He still liked it and wore it even though it was tight. After a while of wearing it the t-shirt would loosen up. Tom still tried to avoid washing it as much as possible, though.
Rudy was convinced that bottled waters all tasted the same. He went to the store and bought several popular brands. He went back home and set them all on a table. He spent several hours tasting them one by one. He came to the conclusion that they actually did taste different.
Anna went away to college. She was afraid at first. She wondered whether she'd make friends. But within a week, she had many new friends. Anna grew to love college quickly!
Amy ran to her room and called Kim. She told her all about her secret rendezvous with Ben at the park. She was so excited she didn't realize Kim was not pleased. Kim liked Ben and didn't want him to be with Amy. It took a few minutes, but Amy finally realized Kim was upset.
Chet had been working on a 1000-piece puzzle. Finally it was nearing completion. Chet placed the last piece with careful pride. Then he sealed it with glue and showed it off to his parents. Chet's parents were so proud, they framed the puzzle for him!
The band needs to get on their plane to Italy . But the pilot is nowhere to be found. So they call another pilot. He charges them twice as much. But the gang gets there on time.
Korine always loved the ocean. She had a fascination with all of the creatures that lived there too. One day she came across a beached dolphin. She called for help and got others to help her return it to sea. From that day on she pledged her life to studying marine biology.
I was walking in the park when i saw a dog. The dog seems tired and hungry so i gave him water and food. It seems that he is lost so i took him and find its owner. Until i saw a kid crying and i go near him. When he saw he smiled because i'm with his lost pet.
Tina hired a sitter for her daughter Mallory. She left her with her when she went out. Yet to her dismay she was angry. The sitter allowed Mallory to eat too much candy. Tina then fired the sitter.
Shay loved fall. She loved to eat everything related to pumpkins. On Saturday, she made pumpkin bars and pumpkin pie. She finished it off with pumpkin coffee. Shay was going to enjoy every bit of the fall!
Barry went camping with some friends. He was the only one in his tent at night. He had a hard time sleeping on the hard ground. His back started to hurt. He quietly got up, packed his things, and drove home.
Hillary was walking home from work. It was getting late so she was trying to hurry. Suddenly, she slipped in a puddle. Her clothes got soaking wet and she became so cold. When she got home, she quickly took a warm shower.
Tina needed a ride to the store. Her car was in the shop. Tina tried calling several of her friends. None were available to give her a ride. Tina called a cab for a ride to the show.
I was decorating my young daughters room with my old toys. I unpacked my old doll and my daughter giggled reaching for the doll. I handed her the doll and she giggled again loudly with joy. She kissed the doll on the head and left the room hugging the doll. I was happy knowing that the doll was going to be played with again.
Martha made a casserole to take to her work potluck. When the time for the potluck came, everyone was eager to eat. They all took some of the casserole and ate it. Everyone complimented Martha's cooking. Now Martha brings the same casserole to every potluck.
Janet began to go to her doctor more and more frequently. But her doctor continually told her there was nothing wrong. Janet was recommended by her doctor to see a psychiatrist. But instead, she continued to schedule more check ups. It wasn't until Janet had a panic attack that she saw a psychiatrist.
Sam has a zoology on Monday. He has been studying all weekend. He still doesn't feel ready. He took it anyway. Luckily he made a perfect score.
Suzy keep losing her headphones. So her mom bought her a new pair. Unfortunately she lost those too. Suzy was so mad. She needed to keep a better eye on them.
Ron didn't trust anyone. But at school, he was put into a group for a project. He feared everyone in the group hated him. But as they talked about the project, Ron felt more comfortable. Ron became everyone's friend and learned to trust them.
A man bought an mp3 player and loaded tracks on it. He began listening to it on walks. He noticed he had a pep in his step, doing this. People suddenly stopped to offer him rides regularly. He thought the music made him happier and people saw this.
Jim was out looking for a new job. He went to many restaurants to fill out applications. The next day one restaurant called him back. They asked him to come in for an interview. He got the job the next day.
Tuesday was a very odd little girl. One day she got in trouble at school. The principal called her mother. He explained the situation in detail. The mother scolded the girl and then took her home for the day.
Kelly couldn't wait to go to Sephora for the first time to buy makeup. The moment she walked into the store she was in total awe. The entire store was filled with hundreds of makeup brands and perfume Kelly picked up nearly everything she could get her hands on. By the time she left the store, Kelly had about 12 different bags full
Andy relocated from England to the United States 2 years ago. Andy decided it was time for a visit to home land. Andy wanted to mainly visit Buckingham Palace. Andy loved the Royal family, and wanted to honor them on this trip. Andy could not wait for his upcoming trip to England.
Jake and Anna had been dating for five years. Jake decided to take Anna for a walk. She thought he was going to propose. Jake broke up with Anna. Anna was devastated.
Beth was going to see her favorite band live. She arrived at the venue later than expected. As she entered she saw the band arriving late as well. They greeted Amy warmly and posed for a photo. Amy had a great time at the concert.
Mark woke up on Monday morning with a terrible cold. The worst part of Mark's cold was his awful cough that wouldn't stop. Mark got in the car and drove to the local drug store. Mark found a bottle of cough syrup, and it was even on sale! Mark took the suggested dose from his doctor and felt much better.
Tom was a kind man. He visited a pet store. He saw a caged bird. He bought the bird. He released the bird in nature.
Albert was struggling to make more money. He decided to start dealing drugs. He made more money than he ever expected. One day he was arrested and it changed his life for the worst. He now wishes that he wasn't so foolish with his life.
I walked across the street to my apartment's gym. Fortunately, I was the only person in there. I started by doing some pushups to warm up. I worked out for about 45 minutes. I drank a chocolate protein shake when I was done.
Beckett was a hungry little boy. He asked his mom to make him lunch. She made him a grilled cheese sandwich. It was so yummy! Now Beckett has a full belly.
Noah wanted to make a garden. He was afraid of hitting the sprinkler system pipes. He did not know where they were. He dug anyways. He did not hit a single pipe!
Ray was doing his homework when his littler sister ran into the room. She screamed that there was a spider in the bathroom sink. Like his little sister, Ray was also deathly afraid of spiders. He tiptoed to the bathroom with a rolled up newspaper. Ray laughed in relief when he saw it was just a toy spider prank.
Bradley stood in front of his mom's room. He didn't make any noise but he placed his ear on the door. His mom was discussing about his birthday present. She said that she's going to buy him a car. Bradley got excited and walked away.
There was a shootout in a saloon. A man drinking at the bar was antagonized by another. He turned to the man and threatened him. Before anybody knew it the man being antagonized was dead. The man who shot him smiled and walked away.
Kendra thought it was the hottest summer ever. She decided to go outside and play in the sprinkler. Her friends all came over and joined her. They got nice and cool and had fun. They all hoped it would be hot again tomorrow.
Tom was going to do laundry. He couldn't find his quarters anywhere. He asked his roommate about them. He admitted he used them all at the arcade. Tom made him pay him back.
The girl wanted cookies. Her mom said no. She just wanted a couple. She got them anyways. Her mom didn't find out.
Billy went to the paper box to get the Sunday paper. His mom immediately took the coupons and store ads. His dad took the sports section to read the latest game scores. Billy took the comics and went to his tree house to read them. Afterwards, the family put all of the sections in the recycling box.
I am visiting my mother-in-law this weekend. Recently her vision has begun to get worse. Yesterday she asked me to buy her a clock with a large display. I checked several websites that sell products and aids for low vision. I ordered a big number alarm clock that has good reviews.
Today was the day Jane was getting new glasses. She would no longer have to wear the broken taped up ones. She couldn't spend as much on the new ones. As a result they weren't as nice as her first pair. But at least the weren't covered in tape.
The baby had to sleep under the lights for a week. They all joked that he looked like he was relaxing on the beach. He seemed to enjoy the warmth. His mom only removed him for feedings as instructed. He was finally cured of the jaundice.
My sister in law was a trolley driver. My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981. We happened to board her trolley. She was so excited she broke the speed limit and the trolley stopped. An inspector restarted the trolley.
Dale really like heavy metal, but Stacey does not. Dale buys Stacey some heavy metal albums to listen to. After listening to them, Stacey decides she likes heavy metal too. Stacey tells Dale that she really does like heavy metal after all. Dale is so happy that Stacey also likes heavy metal.
Molly wanted a new bike. She saved up all summer to buy one. When she had enough money, she went to the bike store. She saw a poor little boy outside the store. Molly bought the bike and gave it to the little boy.
Sam thought the taxi company ran until ten. He got off of work at nine. The taxi had stopped running at eight. Sam had to call a friend. The friend had to give him a ride home.
Ida was in a gang. She thought she was cool. Then she was shot in the chest. She realized her lifestyle could kill her. Ida immediately quit her gang life.
Caroline and her brother wrote letters to Santa on Christmas Eve. They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted. They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat. When the kids woke up the milk and cookies were gone. All that was there in return were presents.
Joey and his girlfriend were at the fair and wanted to get a drawing. The two sat down on stools while the artist began to paint them. It had seemed like forever as the two waited patiently for it to end. At the end of the session, Joey took a look at the painting. He was shocked and please at how great it looked.
Tom was a terrible dancer. His girlfriend told him about line dancing. She explained that they tell you exactly what to do. Tom thought it would be easier than it turned out to be. Once there Tom was unable to keep up.
Dan and Dennis were playing basketball at the park. To start the game, Dennis missed 3 shots in a row. Dan started to make fun of Dennis for his bad shooting. Dennis angrily punches Dan in the chest. Dan ran to his car crying.
Stephen was growing potatoes in his garden. He noticed large bugs eating the plants. Stephen sprayed them with insecticide. His wife ran out screaming. She told him to just pick them off himself.
One day Henry's father took him to the zoo. Henry loves animals. Henry was so excited to see the lions. His dad told him all kinds of facts about the lions. Henry sat and listened intently.
The man offered the woman anything she wanted. The woman wanted a yacht. The man couldn't afford that. He offered her a rowboat. The woman didn't want that.
Audrey's hair was a mess. She picked up a brush to fix it. The brush broke off in her hair! Audrey's mom worked for an hour to untangle it. It was a mess!
She poured water into the pot. As she waited for it to brew, she was thinking. She couldn't believe how her day was going. Her reverie was broken by the sound of the coffee pot. She poured a cup, shaking her head.
Maria really loved Guillermo. But Guillermo loved his neighbor Sara. They stayed like this for a long time. However, Maria found out about Guillermo's feelings. As a result, a huge fight broke out.
Randall loved taking out the garbage. It was his favorite chore to do. Every time the garbage filled up, Randall squealed with delight. One day was taking out the garbage and a huge spider crawled out. Randall has never taken out the garbage since.
Hank enjoys a busy day of selling propane and propane accessories. Today Hank attempted to sell a customer a gas grill. The customer insisted repeated that charcoal was superior to gas. Hank grilled the man a steak to prove his point. The man happily concluded charcoal is superior after eating the steak.
Sam thought he was the strongest one in the gym. He said he would give $1000 to anyone who could lift more than him. At first nobody could lift more than him. One man at the back of the gym approached. He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money.
John and his dad were on their way to the grainery to pick up seed. When they arrived, they noticed nobody was in the store. They called inside for someone and looked out back, but saw nothing. Finally the Cashier came out of the bathroom with a sheepish grin. The three of them shared a laugh about it.
Ted carried his trash outside. He put his trash into his can. While putting his trash away, he noticed his neighbor's trash spilled. Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess. After cleaning the mess, Ted walked back inside feeling good.
Tim was baking. He was making peanut butter pie. However when he took it out of the oven, the dog ate it. He was so frustrated. He decided to take a pre-baked pie and spread peanut butter on it.
Ashley had just bought a wok from the mall. She wanted to make Asian food for her family tonight. She bought vegetables and rice to make stir-fry. When she came she prepared the meal in her new wok. Her family complimented on her great cooking afterwards.
The couple had done a lot of landscaping in their yard. They planted a lilac bush in the corner of their yard. It grew larger and larger. Soon, it covered up the whole doghouse! They loved all the colorful blooms.
Neil was visiting Iran. He took a train to the capital city of Tehran. There, he marveled at the architecture and mosques. Everything was so intense and lovely. Neil wished he had months to explore Tehran!
Chris got a new puppy a few weeks ago. He loved having a pet, but the puppy liked to run away from the yard. Chris decided he needed to build a fence. After many weeks of hard work Chris had completed his fence. He never imagined a puppy would be so much work.
Nita ordered hot chicken wings. She thought mild sauce was too plain, so hot sounded great. But when they arrived, they were incredibly spicy! Nita could hardly eat them. She wished she had not ordered them quite so hot.
Tina decided she wanted to pass out candy. It was Halloween and she wanted to give candy for the kids. All the sudden she saw a scary costume. Tina then shut the door. She was done for awhile.
Fred wanted a motorcycle. He was afraid though. This was because they were expensive. Fred wasn't sure he could afford it. But lucky he got good financing.
Tim was shopping with his parents. He tried to steal a toy he liked. His parents caught him. They got a security guard to scare him. Tim cried and promised to never do it again.
The dog was asleep in bed. She started snoring. Her owner kicked her off. The dog cried. The dog went downstairs.
Charlotte wanted to stay with her Aunt Rachel so bad. She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay. She packed up all of her belongings that she needed, even her bear. She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do. She had such a great time and can't wait to do it again!
Sarah's books on her book shelf were in no particular order. So Sarah took out all her books. Then ordered them by genre. She then placed the books back into the shelf in order. She was glad to have her books ordered.
Liza was playing volleyball at her college. She was tall and thin. When she played abroad, everyone just took pictures of her. Liza was frustrated they cared more about her appearance. So at the next game, she wore clown makeup.
For her birthday, Maryann's dad was going to bake a cake for her. He's never baked a cake in his life. Maryann requested a blueberry cake. Her dad spent all night baking. It was the best cake Maryann ever had!
The homeowner had neglected his yard. There were lots of weeds and bare spots. He decided to call in a lawn care service. In just a few weeks, the yard was beautiful! The homeowner was finally proud of his house.
Sura was raised a Buddhist. She decided to explore other religions. She wasn't sure if she agreed with her own. But after researching many other faiths, Sura paused. She realized that she did agree with Buddhism after all.
The  family decided to see a movie. They went to the local theater. It was new and beautiful. They sat in the comfortable seats and enjoyed a great show. It had been a really fun night together.
Anna had an old VCR. She wanted to watch tapes in it. She went to a flea market. There she found a bunch of old VHS tapes. Anna could watch movies in her VCR now!
Josh broke up with Hayley years ago. He wonders if it's a mistake. He tries to call her and get back with her. All he gets is the dial tone. He figures she's happy with someone else.
My girlfriend bought a car without telling me first. Turns out I'm allergic to cats which I didn't even know. My girlfriend was very upset that I couldn't live with a cat. I offered to take allergy medicine every day and to just deal with it. She said that was a nice gesture but she ended up giving the cat away.
Tina invited Rachel over her house for dinner. While there they gossiped about Maggie. The next week the three of them went to dinner. Rachel told Maggie what Tina said about her. Tina was furious and never spoke to Rachel again.
I went to play basketball with my friends the other day. We met at the gym in the afternoon to play. While we were playing I fell and hurt my ankle. It hurt so bad I had to stop playing for the day. Even though I hurt my ankle, I still had a lot of fun!
Today I bought some new shoes. The first time I was wearing them I got them muddy. I washed the shoes with soap and water. The mud came right off. I was happy my new shoes were able to come clean.
Melvin always thought that he looked bad in suits. He looked sort of like a child playing dress-up. One day his friend told him to get a proper suit fitting. He reluctantly went through with it. The fitted suit made him look amazing.
Sherri had cancer. She had to get a mastectomy. She tried to find a good doctor. She got an implant. Now people can hardly tell the difference.
James' parents did not childproof their home. One day James found the cleaners and chemicals under the sink. James drank lye. When his parents found him they called the poison control hotline. The lye still proved fatal to James.
Jane went camping with friends. It started to rain on the first day. They all decided to stay anyway. The area was muddy. Jane had fun playing it and washing off in the lake.
Beth was in a fight on the school bus with a bully. When her mother answered the phone she prayed it wasn't the school. Her mother looked at her with anger in her eyes. Beth had been suspended from riding the bus due to the fight. The next morning Beth woke up early and walked to school.
A student had a question in his mind. His teacher kept on talking. The student raised their hand. The teacher noticed the hand. The student asked the question.
Ed was outside when he dropped his phone into a puddle of water. He was not able to get the screen to work. His friend told him to put in in a bowl of uncooked rice overnight. He was skeptical but had nothing to lose, so he gave it a try. The next morning his phone was working again.
Luis and Luz were out shopping when Louis became hungry. Luz suggested they eat at the BBQ restaurant nearby. Luis thought that was a great idea so they went to the restaurant. They each picked out a combo meal from the menu. The waitress arrived with their food and Luis and Luz ate happily.
Blair's  second successful date was set to be a movie night. The house was all to her and her prospective boyfriend. Suddenly, she realized she had to watch her baby brother. Blair's technical prowess allowed her to repurpose phones. Placing them like monitors, she kept the date from going south.
Allison does not like water. Her trainer adviser her to flavor her water. She took a big drink of her flavored water. It tasted much better. Allison is able to stay hydrated now.
Ken needed a new laptop since his old one fell on the floor and broke. He didn't feel so bad since the laptop was quite old. He did some research online and then went to a local store. At the store, he was able to feel comfortable with a particular brand. Ken purchased the laptop and went home a satisfied customer.
The Riley family enjoyed playing video games together. One day their PlayStation stopped working. It could not be fixed. The family decided to go for a bicycle ride together. They had so much fun they never got their PlayStation fixed.
Bob wanted to learn a new recipe. He asked his grandmother what she recommended. She gave him her favorite recipe. It was for a chocolate cake. When he took it out of the oven, he dropped it.
Xavier was at recess when he started to fight with a boy. The two boys yelled until Xavier pushed the other one. The boy's friends ran to tell a teacher what had happened. Xavier got into huge trouble with his teacher. It took weeks for Xavier to redeem his reputation.
Zoe and Anna liked playing board games. Anna, the younger, always lost. Losing made her cry. Zoe didn't like Anna crying. Zoe decided to let Anna win.
Javi went to the corner store to buy contact cleaner. He saw a jug of chocolate milk. He bought it and drank half the jug. He started feeling really sick to his stomach. He realized he was lactose intolerant.
My wife brought the car in for service today. The car needed an axle seal, as a previous mechanic indicated. That  mechanic did not replace seals. She went to another mechanic who ordered the part. The seal will be replaced tomorrow.
A man read a newspaper one morning. He found an article about himself. The second half of the article was missing, though. He went back to the store and checked the other papers. The entire run was misprinted.
Alex was making a meatball soup. His girlfriend hated it when he used frozen meatballs. This time, he decided to make them himself. He was trying to shape them but they wouldn't stay together. Luckily, he was able to find some tips online.
Sam had a conversation with an investor. He offered $1500 for a small share of her company. She promised him a deal if he paid $2000 dollars up-front. Although the investor hesitated, he agreed to the deal. However, he was rejected when he offered $1800 dollars the next day.
The boy was home alone. He thought he heard a noise. He called his mom. His mom told him to lock up the house. That made the boy more afraid.
Tim was busy making a grocery store list. He was planning to throw a big party for his mother. He bought lots of pizza and meat. He prepared the food that evening. When his mother got home he surprised her with all the food!
Logan was in his backyard playing with his dog. Something stirred in the bushes and his dog took off running. Logan tried to call his pet back as he rummaged through the bushes. Suddenly, Logan's dog came back out with a rabbit in his teeth. Logan sadly buried the rabbit and scolded his dog.
Heavy rain occurred on the highway. There was major traffic but everyone drove slowly. I had to increase my windshield wipers and flash my lights. Another driver collided with me since she was in a rush. Since we couldn't step outside due to the rain, she drove off.
Kim rented a few movies from Pay Per View. She planned to blame her little brother. But her parents knew that the movies were feminine! Kim was busted and had to confess. Her parents grounded her for a month.
Arnold wanted to play at the arcade. First, he needed to find money. He looked under all his couch cushions, and his pockets. He found enough to play several arcade games and buy a snack. Arnold walked to the arcade and happily played.
I decided to travel to Sri Lanka. I wanted to eat street market food. Thus, I ate some raw vegetable salad. It gave me a terrible upset stomach. I realized that in Sri Lanka I should only eat cooked food.
Mike was painting the walls of his garage. He accidentally knocked over the can of paint. He spent the next twenty minutes cleaning the floor up. He knocked the second can over a few minutes later. Mike decided he was going to paint the floor of his garage instead.
A man wanted to send text messages faster. He decided to research the fastest texter in the world. He watched this young woman text very fast. He began to do his best to emulate her. He soon improved his texting speed.
Tara was looking through her purse. She couldn't find her phone. She checked each pocket and corner. Finally, she found it in her desk. She was glad it wasn't lost!
Dank Memes liked to make terrible posts on the internet. He'd lash out at anyone, or anything. He held contrary opinions for no reason. Eventually someone found Dank's personal information. Thus Dank made bad posts no more.
Whitney is redheaded. She always gets asked if her hair is real. She always says it is. One day she is going to say no. She gets annoyed with that question.
Dave took his time preparing the coffee. For years, he had developed his own personal ritual. It was a time of contemplation, of zen self introspection. Today, he used drain cleaner instead of water. He decided it didn't taste very good, as the light faded in his eyes.
Amanda was arrested for drunk driving. She was held overnight without bail. In the morning, she went in front of a judge. The judge sentenced Amanda to one hundred hours of community service. Amanda was grateful to avoid jail time.
Dan heard that his neighbor had just become a widow. Dan wanted to help her but didn't want to be insensitive. Dan decided to help the widow financially. Dan mailed her an anonymous money order for fifty thousand dollars. To this day, the widow doesn't know who gave her that money.
Kia was with her mom at the grocery store. She asked her mom to buy her a candy bar. Kia's mom refused, so Kia threw a tantrum. Her mom punished her when they got home. She put Kia in a time-out for twenty minutes.
Susie loves to take a bubble bath. She fills the tub up with hot water. Then she adds her favorite bubbles. She usually falls asleep in the bathtub when she does this. Her bubble bath relaxes her and helps her sleep.
Mary's neighbors raised chickens in their backyard. They asked Mary if she would like some fresh eggs. Soon afterward, Mary found a box with 5 dozen eggs on her porch. Mary decided to share the eggs with her friends and relatives. Everyone was thrilled to get the free eggs.
Joe was landscaping his backyard. He had already leveled the earth for the grass. Joe needed to dig a trench for the sprinkler system. He worked tirelessly from dawn to dusk. He had the sprinklers installed the next day.
Karina just got new blocks to play with. Karina loves to play with blocks. Today took her blocks out of the toy box. Karina played with the blocks for at least an hour before bed. Karina was tired from concentrating on the blocks.
The new Windows phone was coming out. Carrie was super excited. She immediately pre ordered the phone when it was announced. The next day her new phone arrived in the mail. Carrie couldn't be happier.
The dog heard the cacophonous voices coming from the bedroom. She ran in, thinking we were arguing. We were just being loud and annoyed about work. She jumped up with her feet in my lap. That's when I let my husband know we should calm our voices for her.
Phil was moving into a new home. He rented a moving van. Phil asked his friends to help him move. Phil and his friends packed his things into the van. Phil brought the van to his new house.
The traffic light turned red and the walk indicator turned on. There was a young lady who crossed the street. A truck driver wasn't paying attention and decided to accelerate. The lady got hit by the truck and fell down. He tried to drive away but the police caught him.
Fred and Allie went to the fair together. Fred won Allie a stuffed frog. She thought it was cute. She would have it forever. It was there that he proposed to her.
My grandmother died and we had to clean out her house. We went up to the attic to look around. We found a very old painting up there. We took it to an antique shop and had it appraised. The dealer told us it was very rare and very expensive.
Every night Mike takes a bath. He prepares the tub and gets his clothes ready. Sometimes he stays in longer to play. His mother always washes him up before he gets out. It is one of Mike's favorite times of the day.
Jerry looked everywhere for his favorite video game. He made his bed but didn't find it under there. He picked up his clothes, and put books back onto the shelves. Soon he had cleaned his entire room. Just then he remembered it was already inside the game machine.
My grandma took me to a petting zoo when I was three years old. I was so happy to go, despite being a clueless toddler. We went over by the goats and lamb to pet them. All the sudden, a goat bit my grandma's skirt and pulled! We both laughed so hard and still have that picture.
Jim was having his morning coffee at work. He had an important presentation to give later that day. As he was typing, he accidentally spilled his coffee. His notes for his presentation got soaked with coffee. Jim had to print out another copy before his presentation.
Matthew and his friend pressed the neighbor's doorbell. After the door bell sound went off, the neighbor opened the door. He didn't see anyone since the boys were hiding. After a second attempt, the neighbor noticed them. He took one of hit bats and tried to scare Matthew.
I was sitting around my house while bored. I looked for something to do, but nothing was interesting. I sat on my computer and put on my headphones. I listened to all sorts of music that I had never heard before. I felt great while listening to it, and was no longer bored.
I was in a hurry. I sped through the neighborhood. I knew it was wrong, but I didn't see any traffic. Just as I went past the stop sign, I saw lights behind me. I received a ticket for running the stop sign.
Kate bought a new pair of heels. She really liked how they looked. She wore them around the house to break them in. After a while she decided to wear them out to the bar. Kate looked great and wasn't too terribly uncomfortable.
We ordered takeout via delivery last week. We used Foodler. Our confirmation email said delivery would be two hours. My wife decided to pick the food up. I went on yelp and complained about the poor delivery time.
This year has been hard for growing plants. An early heat wave stunted plant growth. There has been a marked lack of rainfall. The only water the plants get is what the sprinklers provide. We have now mostly given up on getting much produce.
Teresa drove to church very angry that morning. She stumped her way up the church steps. She let herself fall on the bench. And when the choir started singing, she looked up. Tears were falling down her cheeks, her anger vanished with a song.
Her father pummeled her and knocked her to the ground. He kicked her several times in the side. She later found out one of her kidneys had been destroyed. He was turned in to DHS. He was never investigated.
Art walked through the cheese section of the grocery store. He would grab some cheese and slide it into his pocket. He continued doing this until his pockets were full. Art could feel the suspicion of the store manager on him. When the manager was distracted, Art ran for the door.
Don received his first paycheck from his new job. Don decided to spend his paycheck at a fancy restaurant to celebrate. Don ordered the most expensive item on the menu. The food that came out smelled odd and tasted disgusting. Don decided from then on to save his money and eat cheeseburgers.
Fred noticed he was out of milk. Fred went to the store to get some more. When he got to the store, he ran into his friend Sally. They hadn't seen each other in months. They decided to get coffee together and reconnect.
Tabitha was a summer camp director. She was trying to plan for a campfire sing-along. Unfortunately she couldn't come up with enough songs. Then she had the idea to write parodies of popular songs. Soon she had ten camp-themed parodies the kids loved to sing.
Christina had finally agreed to be step up on a blind date. She arrived at the bar fifteen minutes early and sat down. She hoped this guy was as great as her yoga friend had promised. She was told he'd be wearing a red shirt and began glancing around. Her jaw dropped as she noticed her cousin standing at the door.
Shelly's aunt had sent her a nice package. Inside the box was a ton of packing styrofoam. When Shelly wasn't looking her children dug into the box. Soon there were bits of styrofoam all over the place. It took Shelly weeks to clean and still little pieces were left.
Kelly lived on the farm with her brothers and sisters. Every day they had to work very hard to keep the farm going. Kelly's job was to clean out the pig sty. One time, Kelly tricked her brother into cleaning it for her. Tell his brother got mad at her because she tricked him into doing it.
Sharon was sitting in her backyard on a Friday night. She heard a strange noise and saw something dark in the sky. Sharon thought it was an alien spaceship at first. Then Sharon realized it was a blimp flying above the golf course. Sharon laughed at how silly she had been thinking it was a UFO.
Jason's mother warned him not to rough house. He ignored the warning. He threw a ball to his brother. The ball went through a windows and broke it. His mother found out and grounded him.
Sandy had finally saved up enough. She wanted to get an easy bake oven. She went and got a hammer. Sandy eyed up her piggy bank and smash! The piggy bank exploded and all the money came out.
Lisa was rushing to make breakfast. She threw some bread into her toaster. Then she rushed off to pack her kids' lunches. The bread caught fire in the toaster! Lisa panicked and threw the toaster outside.
It was Sunday and John wanted to wash some clothes. He put the clothes into the washer. Then he realized he did not have any laundry soap. He went to the corner store to buy some soap. When he got back he started the laundry.
Tim was a fast runner. He had a friend with mental problems. Tim's friend joined a race Tim was in. Tim could have won it easily. Instead he let his friend win.
Will's car wouldn't start after work. Will didn't live far from the office. So Will decided just to walk home, as the evening was nice. Will began doing this on a regular basis. Now Bill walks to and from work every single day!
Gina wanted to eat chips with her sandwich. Gina searched the cupboard looking for chips, but saw none. She decided she better ask her grandma where to find them. It turns out her grandma didn't buy snacks. Gina was disappointed she had to eat her sandwich without chips.
Mario watched as a large light fell from the skies. It came from an airplane flying high above. Mario thought about how it could have hit him. He thought about his own mortality. Mario went home feeling depressed.
Susan had a problem with her contacts. She always forgot to take the pair out. The pair she was currently wearing had been on for a week. When she tried to take it off, it seemed warped and weird. She finally threw the pair out and replaced them.
When I was younger, I often went to a very secluded beach to swim. It never bothered me that there were no lifeguards there. I once went too far out into the water and got pulled under. I waved my arms and splashed, but couldn't find anyone to help me. I eventually made it back to shore, vowing to pick a new beach.
David hadn't felt healthy for a few days. He tried to go to school in order to pass his math class. While he was taking his test he began coughing and felt very sick. The nurse of the school ended up coming to check on him. He was told he could take a makeup test and to go home for the week.
I went to Walgreen yesterday. I picked out all my purchases. In the checkout lane, the cashier was bruised. She said She had just been robbed. The police were waiting to talk to her.
We recently got a new dog who had been picked up as a stray. We took her on walks, but with a leash so that she couldn't run away. As an ex-stray, we didn't think that she had ever been to a dog park. We took her out to a local dog park and let her off the leash. It was great to finally see her dashing freely about the park!
Amy had a paper due on Beethoven for her music class. The weeks passed and she hadn't begun. The night before she spent the whole night working on the paper. In class the teacher asked her to read her paper aloud. Amy was embarrassed by the poor quality of the paper.
Tim shrieked in fear. The bicycle's brakes had failed and it wasn't going to stop. He tried to use his feet to stop his forward momentum, to no avail. It was too late. The semi slammed into Tim as he entered the intersection.
Paul was walking home from work. And he saw a bicyclist with a nice road bike. Paul decided to buy a similar bike and use it for transportation. He spent over a thousand dollars on a bike and loved it. But within a week, his bike was stolen.
Beverly was walking down her front steps. She tripped and fell down the steps. Beverly wasn't able to get up. A neighbor saw Beverly and ran to help her. Beverly's neighbor called an ambulance.
Mae didn't have enough money to buy her baby a birthday gift. She mentioned this in a Facebook group she belonged to. One of the other moms sent the baby a present. She sewed a pair of pants and a matching knit hat. Mae was touched by her kindness.
Jimmy was listening to his favorite music. He just got a new pair of headphones. He loved the audio quality on his headphones. He was so busy listening to music that he missed his bus stop. His mom picked him up in the next town.
Nora dreamed of meeting the perfect man. Every day she checked out the personal ads in the newspaper. She made a profile online to get dates too. But no man ever was the perfect man she wanted. She waited so long that when she died she still hadn't found him.
Eli's dad took him to the park. There, they played a few rounds of catch. Then Eli got whacked in the forehead with a ball! His dad apologized and applied ice right away. Luckily, Eli's head didn't bruise too badly.
I was born with a crooked spine. The doctors told my parents I would never walk. Recently I was chosen for a new procedure that would fix my back. I'm nervous, but Tuesday is the day of my operation. It has been a week since my surgery and I'm now taking my first steps.
Kate needed to buy some toilet paper. She didn't bother to get fully dressed or done up. She figured she'd be in and out in no time. At the store Kate ran into several friends. They all judged her based on her looks.
Chris and his wife are having a baby. They went to the doctor and found out they are having twins! Chris and his wife are super excited. They wanted to have two kids anyway. Now they can have two babies quicker!
Reg's friends joked that they had seen his twin driving around town. Reg didn't have a twin, he only had an older sister. One day, Reg was driving to work, and saw a guy who looked like him! He honked, but the other driver did not notice him. Reg never saw the other man again.
Chris had an older brother that raced motorcycles. Chris looked up to his older brother. Chris decided to race motorcycles also. Chris fell in love with riding bikes outdoors and off-road. Chris became an excellent motocross racer over time.
Ben loved to shoot arrows. He went outside to shoot at a target. He missed the target. He hit a tree nearby. The arrow couldn't be pulled out.
Francess was missing her sister very much. They were so very close that they would see each other every day. But her sister had moved to another state so it was hard to see her. Luckily there was a video chat software Francess was able to get. She used it so she could see her sister again every day.
Jen saw a van pull up to her house. A man got out and handed her some roses. They were from her boyfriend. He was so sweet! Jen called him right away to say thank you.
Cass was feeling sick. She knew she had to finish a project for work though. Cass' co workers told her they couldn't help her. She grabbed the papers to complete at home while in bed. Cass was back to work on Monday, with a completed project!
Brad is a high school math teacher. He is very passionate about teaching the youth. A few parents have offered to pay him to tutor their kids after school. Brad of course agreed. Now Brad makes a little extra income doing what he loves.
Paul was a very picky eater, he would only eat his few favorite foods. This made Paul a bad guest to invite to dinner. Paul was into this girl, and she made him a tray of sushi. Even though he didn't like it, he ate it for the girl. Paul ended up really liking it, and learned to try new things.
Marco took a picture of his wife. She had just woken up. She was upset with him. Marco promised he would erase the film. He later developed it and put it on the fridge.
My dad and I went to pick pumpkins. Our friend had a patch. We put them in the back of his van. We got about 20 of them. We had to avoid the black widow spiders.
Dennis was always searching for his goal in life. He bounced from job to job, and was never happy. He could never hold down a steady relationship. On a whim, Dennis applied and was accepted to the Peace Corps. Soon after, he shipped out and felt he finally found his purpose.
Gina and her friend Lisa were looking for a job. Neither of them had worked before. They went all over downtown applying together. Gina was sure they would each get hired. Two weeks later neither of them had an interview.
I was living in my car and needed internet. I decided to go to Starbucks, because they have free Wi-Fi. I got there, ordered some coffee, and set up my computer. I connected to the Wi-Fi and logged in. The internet was so slow I couldn't even do anything.
One morning, two friends decided to go to a horse show. They weren't very experienced at riding but one day hoped to compete. They saw a wide variety of horses of different sizes and colors. The two friends had a lot of fun watching the different events. At the end of the day they left the show very excited about riding.
Gary's mattress gave him many aches and pains. Gary decided to get a new mattress. He went to the mattress superstore. The mattresses were very expensive and Gary couldn't afford them. Gary was forced to sleep with his old mattress.
Jane was driving home from work. She got a flat tire. A police officer noticed. He offered to change her tire. Jane was extremely thankful.
Sam was a hard working man. He worked one Job his whole life. Times had fallen hard on Sam. He decided to go work for Walmart. Sam became the cart collector for Walmart.
Earl went to sleep in the middle of the day. He snuggled in his sheets. He gripped his pillow. He closed his eyes. He woke up feeling better than ever!
Doug had just bought a new truck. He decided to go muddin in it. He realizes it was a big mistake. Doug arrives at the car wash. He washes it until it's new again.
Tom bought a new motorcycle. He asked his friends with bikes to go out on a ride. They agreed to go with him. They rode around to several scenic places. Tom was really happy about his new purchase.
Chuck was on his very first flight. He was nervous but so far things had gone well. Suddenly the plane began bouncing violently. Chuck clutched his seat in fear as the plane passed it. Finally, they left the turbulence and things were okay again.
The family was on an exciting hike. They walked up the side of a volcano. They looked in the crater. It hadn't erupted in many years. They were nervous that it would again while they were there!
Stacy wanted to learn to sew. She had inherited her grandmother old sewing machine. Stacy spent hours alone learning how to use the sewing machine. She soon became proficient with using it. Stacy now makes all her own clothing using the old sewing machine.
Tony made an amazing pizza for dinner. And after eating one slice, he wanted another one. But he knew he would regret it afterwards. He ended up having another slice, however. And his head and stomach hurt for several minutes.
Penny was enrolled in her local college. She had a history class that she hated. A six page paper was due the next day. Penny hadn't started the paper but knew she should've. Penny got an F on her assignment.
Ronnie grew up experimenting with drugs starting from the age 11. She mainly only smoked marijuana and it was on a daily basis. But when she turned 15 she was introduced to heroin. She became very addicted to heroin and almost died one night. The next morning she quit cold turkey and has been clean for 10 years.
It was Amy's first day in class in college. She was a little nervous since she didn't like crowds or strangers. She entered class and sat towards the rear. The girl in the seat next to her introduced herself. Amy was surprised meeting new people was easier than she expected.
Terry had a new baby brother. The baby would cry all night. Terry wasn't able to sleep. Terry started to despise his brother. He asked his mom if he could move to his grandmother's.
Lester notices that his feet are beginning to hurt. He decides that he needs to clip his toenails. He diligently clips each toenail until they are neat and trim. Now Lester's shoes fit him much better. He is very happy that his feet no longer hurt.
Cindy was known on her street for making the best coffee. The whole street can smell it and made everybody happy. Cindy's neighbor suggested she start selling her coffee. She took his advice and started selling coffee around town. The coffee became a big hit and everybody in town loves it.
Peter bought a chocolate candy bar at the grocery store. He forgot it in his truck on a hot day while he was at work. When he returned to his truck he found the melted chocolate. It hand burst the package and melted into his air vents. Peter's car smelled like chocolate for a while afterwards.
Ferdinand had a talent no one could deny. He was the best barista in the whole town. People would line up and wait hours for his creations. Everyone wanted the Ferdinand touch. He was proud, but hard working always pushing himself.
Mimi and Alice had a favorite hangout spot. They were the first customers of the establishment. They loved it so much they spent most of their birthdays there. One day the building caught fire. Now all they had of their favorite spot were the memories they created
Billy had received good grades on his report card. His father decided he would take him to the circus as a reward. When they got to the circus, his dad bought him cotton candy. Billy ate his cotton candy while watching the elephants. He decided as he got home that elephants were his new favorite animal.
Lisa was at the beach with a friend. Lisa had brought her surfboard along. Lisa's friend asked to borrow the surfboard. The friend lost the surfboard in the waves. The girls chased the board until it washed up on the shore.
Martin is walking down the street. While walking he gets his foot stuck. He tries to get his foot out of the drain. He loses his show while trying to remove his foot. He frees his foot but he lost his shoe.
Rusty was helping move tables for his family. He moved tables in a careless manner. He lifted one table and a mouse ran out from under the table. The mouse ran up his leg and jumped off of his head. Rusty learned not to be so careless with his work.
Matt has a math test tomorrow but he completely forgot. He started going through his notes. Time started ticking by while he was arranging everything. He ended up pulling an all-nighter. The next day, he fell asleep during the test.
Sandy was getting married. She had everything taken care of except the dress. She had gone to so many places. She finally decided to have someone make it. Sandy had the perfect dress.
John didn't know who to start on his fantasy football team. His first quarterback was always getting injured. His second quarterback may or may not start the next game. John picked up a third quarterback off waivers instead. John started the third quarterback and he had a great game!
Katie's family was close friends with the parish priest. When Katie went to confession, she pictured him listening. Katie made up a small sin, not wanting to tell her true transgression. Katie left the confessional feeling guilty. Now, she would have to confess about this lie, too.
Melanie did not get along with her boss at work. She decided it was best to find another job. Before she found another job, she was promoted above her old boss. Melanie made sure her boss knew how badly she was treated. Melanie made sure never to treat others as poorly as she was treated.
Janet likes to study astrology. Janet volunteered to take children to a planetarium. The children learned a lot about stars and planets. Janet felt herself being awed by the planetarium. Janet felt proud introducing young minds to her passion.
Chess hustlers used to play for money in Harvard Square. One day I played a few games. I lost several games. After I lost fifteen dollars I left. I heard recently Harvard had evicted the chess hustlers.
Justin wanted tickets to see his favorite band. The concert had been sold out for weeks. One of his friends had tickets to the concert. Justin's friend found out he had to work the night of the concert. Justin was able to buy his friend's tickets.
In the Middle of April a town had a parade. Many groups in the town marched for the parade. After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park. At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever. All the townspeople cheered when he said that.
Tom had a garden. He planted many vegetables and fruits in the garden. One day, he noticed that all the plants were gone. He found deer footprints near where the plants had been. He realized that the deer had eaten his plants.
Eli was working with a Microsoft Access database. When he tried to import data it gave him a generic error. He had to start everything all the way from the start. Eli became incredibly frustrated. He started sending live bombs to Microsoft to feel better.
Margaret decided to try stand up comedy. She was booed off the stage. She asked her friend why they did that. The friend said she just wasn't very funny. Margaret was undeterred and knew you didn't have to be funny.
Today I had a dinner date with my husband. We decided to try out a new Sushi place near our home. It was very crowded but we had a reservation. We ordered spicy tuna rolls and eel and enjoyed some time alone. The food great, we both agreed we would go back again.
Tim really liked using candles. He felt bad about all the wasted glass, though. Eventually he read online how to recycle candle wax. He started doing so and got better over time. Tim was able to reduce his waste by over 95%.
Tim wanted a new car. He liked the one he had but wanted a new one. He did not have enough money. He decided to start saving. He finally had enough to buy his dream car.
He blocked every punch they threw and every job they offered. His brute force was no match for them. Not even their sheer numbers could save them. One by one he fought them away. They would pay for this transgression.
Jenny really wanted to be friends with the popular kids. She started not talking to her friends to be cool. Her friends were mad that she was ignoring them. Finally Jenny realized what she was doing. She felt badly.
On October 28th, I had dinner with my former co-workers. I am retired from the MBTA on disability. We met at Chiang's, a Chinese restau located in the workplace building. We had a nice two hour long dinner, then said goodbye. I miss working a lot.
Anna's mom gave her $100 for school clothes. She went to the mall, excited. Then she saw how expensive clothes were there! Anna sadly realized she could not afford mall clothes. She had to go shopping at the department store instead.
Kurt was watching a documentary on the food industry. The documentary showcased slaughterhouses in one segment. Many scenes were gruesome and made Kurt's stomach turn. By the end, Kurt felt guilty about the burger he ate for lunch. He decided he would try vegetarianism.
Amber and Chad wanted to go to the movies. However they had other plans. They decided to bail on their other plans. They lied to their family. The couple had a great time at the movies.
Henry loved everything about pirates. So his Halloween costume was a no-brainer! But his mom couldn't find a decent pirate costume anywhere. Finally she decided to sew her own costume for Henry. Henry's costume turned out much better than any store-bought getup!
Jon was out with friends at a flea market. There was a man selling tennis balls. Jon took one without paying for it. The man confronted Jon about the ball. Jon was embarrassed in front of his friends.
Loni was very worried about her cat. It kept coughing and making strange noises. She was going to take it to the vet. However, the source of the cough was quickly found. The cat coughed up a gross hairball.
Tom was on his lunch break. A friend offered him some sour candy as a joke. The friend didn't tell Tom it was sour. Tom took it and made a silly face. All his friends laughed.
Mark had to make a movie for his film class. He asked three of his friends to come act in his film. The day of the shoot, Mark went to the location. He waited for his friends, but no one showed up. Mark was sad that he could not make his film.
Daryl went to community college but didn't perform well. He decided he wanted to be a radio deejay. First he enrolled in a technical college. Next he landed an internship at a radio station spinnin records. Now Daryl is a prime time deejay at the radio station he likes.
Jim hated to work out. He knew he needed to lose weight. He hired a personal trainer. Jim got back in the gym. Jim lost five pounds by the end of the week.
We used to eat frozen pizzas regularly. One day my wife felt unwell after eating a frozen pizza. She got better after an hour or so. After that she stopped buying frozen pizzas. Now we order out - more expensive but better for our stomachs!
Tim learned how to play poker from his grandfather. He plays it at least once a week. He gathered some friends for a friendly game this past weekend. He lost a few games but won more than he lost. Tim ended up being the best player in his group.
It was Evan's first birthday party. He wasn't feeling well. Evan's mom postponed the party. She rescheduled the party for two weeks later. Evan felt much better for the party.
Mike decided to go to the zoo with his little brother. They went around looking at all the different animals. Eventually Mike and his brother ended up at the monkey exhibit. There they interacted with monkeys and enjoyed themselves. Mike and his little brother had a great time watching the monkeys.
Brandon woke up one morning to find his cat missing. He put missing cat flyers up around town. He was very sad that he couldn't find his cat. He heard a cry from a tree. He climbed the tree and found his cat.
Louise had dreamed of being on homecoming court since freshman year. Now she was a senior at it was her last chance. She held her breath as the principal called the name of the girls. When he got to the seniors, she heard her name. She had finally been voted on to the homecoming court!
James worked for the local college. He was a professor in the English department. He started his class every semester by assigning seven huge projects. Every student was warned not to take his class. He was a notoriously difficult professor!
Juniper was very popular at school. So when a new student arrived, it was up to her to take care of him. She introduced him to her circle of friends and showed him around. She even took him to the school dance so he wouldn't feel alone. The new student was so grateful, he bought her flowers.
Nora loves to read books. She visits library every week. The library closed for a month for renovations. Nora went back to the library when it reopened. The library has many more books for Nora to read now.
Jim was drinking kool aid one day when his friend came over. Jim asked his friend Jones if he wanted to drink come Kool Aid. Jones drank the KoolAid and loved it. Jones drank more Kool Aid. Jones ended up drinking so much KoolAid that he got a stomachache.
I have one favorite blue dress that i used in my 18th birthday. My mother told me to add it to our old stuffs for charity. I didn't like to give it but my mother insisted. One morning i saw a girl happy wearing my old blue dress. I realized my dress deserves more to wear than to stock it.
Cecil was single for a long time. She finally went to a dating service. She was set up with lots of weird guys. One day while out for coffee she met a great guy. Soon after they were married.
Natalie was on vacation in Hawaii by herself. She worked very had as a law firm consultant and needed a break. Natalie decided to take surfing lessons on one of her days there. The surf instructor was very attractive and Natalie fell in love. Unfortunately she had to return home and the two never talked again.
The school staff was raising money for field day by having a car wash. Many individuals came with their vehicles in order to get it washed. The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity. Elena, the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills. When the school found out, she got fired from her job.
Carl pulled up to the laundromat in his brand new Camaro. Lynn was there and she started admiring his new car. Carl offered to take her for a drive and Lynn accepted. They were racing around town when a cop pulled them over for speeding. Carl was then arrested for outstanding warrants.
David went to see SNL live last week. He waited in line overnight, in the cold. People had even brought tents to stay in. He eventually ended up getting a ticket. David thought that it was worth it.
Ed had finally gotten an interview for his dream job. He prepared carefully for it, researching and practicing questions. He felt confident the day of the interview. When he met the woman he was interviewing with, he knew it was bad. It was a woman he had dumped three years ago after a few dates.
Mariah was grounded by her dad for failing one of her classes. She became intense since he couldn't go to a party tonight. However, she tried to sneak out of her bedroom window. Her dad noticed her since he was outside. Mariah froze for a couple of seconds.
Joy loved Jill. To show it he bought her a box of candy. But she was allergic to peanut butter, which he didn't know. She bit into a candy and went into anaphylactic shock. Joe cried at her funeral.
Terri was always the best math student in her classes. But she felt insecure when someone got better math grades than her. Terri bragged that she never studied. But eventually, her grades got worse. Terri decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school.
Missy went for a walk. While on her walk she saw a skinny dog. The dog had no collar and look like it was starving. Missy coaxed it to follow her and brought it to her house. Missy nursed the dog back to health.
Tina wanted a piercing. She wanted it to be her tongue. So she got it done. It hurt very badly. Tina regretted it.
Madison was at the gas station. She was buying a snack. Suddenly, the guy said that she had won a free gas card. She was really excited and used it that day. Now she was able to afford to treat herself.
Charlie and Cleo rented an apartment together. It took them two weeks to find something they both liked. When they moved in, Charlie decided it was time to take the next step. He proposed to Cleo. They were excited to plan the wedding!
Our two year old granddaughter came to Boston last weekend. Her mother and father went to visit Boston College. They went to school there in 2003-2007. They bought her a BC t-shirt. She looked cute in it.
Cob brought his tuba to the school's band room. All the kids in his class looked at him expectantly. Cob began to play a Swedish death metal song. All the kids in the classroom covered their ears with their hands. Cob ignored them and kept playing the song he was passionate about.
Shelley wanted a new cat. She went to the pet store. She found a nice cat. Shelley bought the cat and things for the cat. She loved her cat.
Rafael took his baby son Matteo to the zoo for the day. Before they left, his wife Jane told him to bring an extra pacifier. Rafael was in a hurry to get there before it got busy. Matteo threw his pacifier into the monkey enclosure and began to wail. Rafael now carries two extra pacifiers with him at all times.
John wanted to fall in love. He went to a bar in hope of finding someone. At the bar, he found friends and talked to them all night. When he went back home he was still alone. But he realized that he was happy because he spent time with friends.
I bought a used car from a local lot. Its odometer said it had only had 15 thousand miles. I was pleased at the deal. After driving it for a while I noticed something was wrong. The odometer was stuck and could be missing many thousands of miles.
Sean wanted his wife to bake croissants. She promised to try while he was at work. She was very careful about every part of the recipe. Still for some reason her dough looked off. Sure enough the croissants did not come out well that time.
Rob planned to apply to medical school. He filled out his application in one night. He asked a favorite professor to write him a recommendation letter. He was optimistic that the positive recommendation would help. Later that month, he found out he had been accepted.
Fred was in the woods with his brother hunting. They began to follow the traces of a deer into a desolate forest. Eventually, they reached a big canyon where they heard a weird noise. They looked down and saw an injured woman and ran to her aid. The woman had broken her leg, and Fred called for help for her.
Susie made some pasta. It looked delicious. But then she tried it. It was too overlooked. So she decided to use it for soup instead.
Megan just joined the soccer team. She was a little nervous about keeping up with the other kids. She hit the field and gave her soccer skills a try. She did very well in her first game and even scored a goal. She was really proud of herself for giving it her all.
Jose ran down the field towards the goal. His teammate had the ball and was running as well. Jose called out for the ball. His teammate passed Jose the ball. Jose turned and shot, scoring a goal.
Tom was struggling to find a job. He wanted to find work in the energy sector. This was because he cared for the environment. After many interviews, Tom was offered a job in the oil industry. Although this went against his personal views, he needed the money.
Emily decided her cat needed more exercise. So she bought a collar and a leash for him. Everyone laughed at her, saying it would never work. She practiced in the house to get him used to walking on the leash. She had the last laugh as they walked together past her friends!
The waiter delivered a bowl of soup to Dan. He immediately started to eat it. After several bites, he came across a piece of meat. Since it was completely raw, he threw it away. In addition, he demanded a new soup from the restaurant.
Amy was a great baker. She made an amazing dessert for the potluck. Everyone gobbled it up. They asked for her recipe. Amy had a reputation as a great baker because of this delicious treat.
Practice makes perfect is what Alice always believed. She practiced day in out on her speaking skills. She wanted to be selected for a major part in the school play. Alice spent every Sunday morning rehearsing her lines to perfection. The theater teacher selected Alice for the main part in the play.
Evie was at a fair. She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it. She decided to go check it out. Then, she saw a man blowing glass figurines. They were so pretty that she decided to buy one.
Sam's dog ran away one day. His parents tried everything to find it. Eventually they found another that looked exactly the same. They told Sam his dog had returned. Same never found out the truth.
The man shook his head. The woman asked why. The man would not answer. The woman walked away. The man looked dejected.
Victor was reading in National Geographic about Nigeria. He was fascinated by the country and wanted to buy a ticket. He maxed out his credit card. He attempted to fly to Nigeria the next day. They told him he couldn't leave the plane without a visa.
Noel was walking through the airport food court with her mom. They had just gotten off of their flight and were about to eat lunch. Noel suddenly felt as if something important to her was missing. She started crying when she noticed that she didn't have her toy bear. Her mom then explained that she had put the bear in their luggage.
My mom needed to go the doctor recently. She was too sick to drive herself so I had to drive her. She was very grateful that I drove her and thanked me. When I picked her up she was pleased with me again! She said the doctor gave her antibiotics and said she'd get better.
A couple was having a baby in two months. They were trying to find a new name to give the child. The mother took out a dictionary and began to find new names. She thought that Magma had a great name to it. The father agreed that it was a great name.
Nick was late for work. He had just entered the building. He saw his colleagues walking slowly up the stairwell. Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively. His colleagues were shocked and appalled.
Kate liked to draw. She would draw everyday after school. She was so good that her mother put her into an advanced art class. Kate was the best in the class. Kate grew up and became one of the best artists in the world.
Dan loved basketball but didn't make the team. Dan was upset but decided to try again next year. Over the next year Dan practiced and worked extra hard. Dan went and did the try outs the next year. Dan was proud when he saw his name on the team's roster.
Allen was good at what he does. However, he wanted to be the best. He practiced day and night for a month straight. There were times he wanted to quit. He was diligent and now he is the best.
Sarah wanted a new piercing on her belly button. So she found a store she liked. She went to the store and bought to get her belly button pierced. She got her belly button pierced and it hurt. She was glad to have her piercing.
Foxy came to stay with me for a while. She was an active dog and loved to play. She got into everything in the house. She took toys from my dog. They fought every day over them.
Mark got a degree in physics. He got a job at Nasa. Mark realized he disliked math though. He went to the bathroom and hid the whole day. Mark realized that no one even noticed he was gone.
Debra took her son, Tim, to the museum. Tim was amazed with the dinosaur exhibits and wanted to touch them. Pointing to the do not touch signs, Debra told him not to try it. Not wanting to listen, he tried to squeeze through the metal railings. Because his head got stuck, security had to call the fire department.
Annie was pregnant. She hoped for a little boy. She opted not to find the sex out in advance. When she birthed the baby, she was eager to know the sex. To her joy, it was a boy!
Paul and Jessica had been married for 15 Year's. Their marriage was steadily declining. The arguing kept getting worse. Jessica decided to file for a divorce. Paul and Jessica finally went their separate ways.
I got a new haircut yesterday. At first I was nervous, but then I was okay. The haircut did not take a long time. Luckily it was over quickly. When it was done I loved it.
The man fed the birds. The birds got used to eating crumbs. The man stopped feeding the birds. The birds got hungry. The birds reverted back to their previous food source.
Betty was cooking supper for her and her husband. She went to the laundry to dry the clothes. Betty heard the fire alarm. She ran into the kitchen. Betty managed to salvage the food before it burned.
George had a dog named Oliver. He took Oliver for a walk around the lake one day. Oliver sniffed around and drank water from the lake. The dog ran and ran around the lake. After the walk, George had to carry Oliver back to the truck.
I was about to cook a pizza. I heated up the oven. I did not realize my dad was rising dough there. I smelled smoke. The cloth on top of the dough was on fire.
Tim had an old bike. He loved riding it. Unfortunately it was somewhat dangerous. For his birthday his parents bought him a new one. Tim was extremely happy.
The first car I bought with cash was a stick shift. I test drove it first. The person who sold it to me taught me. I was very jerky at first. But eventually I learned to use the clutch properly.
Bill had chronic pain in his legs. The doctor told him to take pain relievers. Bill didn't want to take the medicine. Bill ate fruits and vegetable instead. Bill's legs felt better from the vegetables.
Allie drove across a bridge. On the other side a car pulled out in front of her. Allie couldn't stop. Both cars were totalled. Allie needed a new car anyway.
The Lee family enjoyed traveling to other countries. They traveled with a group to the country of Guatemala. While in Guatemala, they spent time working at an orphanage. They enjoyed playing with the children and learning their language. When they left the orphanage,they were sad to leave their new friends.
A friend told me about Mechanical Turk. I decided to research it when I got home. I was intrigued enough to sign up. The registration was easy. I now have an mturk account.
A man named Sam was in the military. He had been out of America for 4 years. He was finally going to come home in two days. When the arrived, Sam was nervous. When Sam stepped out the airplane, his family was there.
Lauren really wanted to become a writer. She began working on a novel in her spare time. After several months, Lauren made the novel available for Kindle. Her novel began to sell like hotcakes. To date, Lauren's first novel has sold over a million copies!
Tom was enemies with another student. They always fought during recess. One day the fight was exhausting for both of them. The looked at each other and laughed. They decided it was worth it to fight ever again.
Jane needed to get something from her husband's car. In the car she found a burger wrapper. Jane had been cooking healthier meals and this upset her. She confronted her husband about the burger. He realized she was right and stopped eating fast food.
I met Jacob Banks yesterday. He is a new pop artist from Kenya. He told me about his dreams and aspirations. I told him that I want to be like him when I grow up. He gave me an autograph and I was very happy.
Andy's band wasn't the best. He knew that but he loved it all the same. They would never get signed but they enjoyed playing together. That was until Steve left for California without them. The no longer play together now, Andy hasn't touched his guitar since.
John wanted to live closer to nature. He felt stressed all the time and the city was too loud. He found a place in the woods and was in heaven. Then his parents got sick and he moved back to the city. John once again longed for the country .
Greg bought a dog. The dog loved to play in the mud and was always sloppy. Greg took him home and gave him a bath. But as soon as he walked his dog again, the dog run in the mud. Greg fenced his courtyard and made sure there was no mud in it.
Brian was helping his mom move furniture. He picked up an old vase to move. Brian started to bring the vase into another room. He slipped and fell. The vase flew out his hands and broke.
Janice decides to bring her children to the playground one day. She lets them swing on the swings while she reads a magazine. However, one of her children falls off the swing. Janice rushes to make sure he is OK. She decides never to read while her children are playing again.
I saw an optician recently. She performed eye exams on me. She warned me of the danger of sleeping in contacts. Afterwards, she gave me sample contacts. I swapped mine out for those in store and left.
Pam took her 2 girls on a train ride. None of them have ever been on a train. The train was headed to Los Angeles. It was a 2 hour train ride. Pam and her girls enjoyed the train ride.
Walking around with a black eye is awkward. I have to explain to everyone how I got it. Everyone who sees me gives me a strange look. Explaining my story over and over is tiresome. I eventually put on sunglasses so people will leave me alone.
Lance bought a new lamp. He was unsure about it. He asked his girlfriend what she thought. She didn't like it. He took it back and got another one instead.
Stan loved to watch baseball with his son. After watching many games, Stan's son wanted his own equipment. Stan bought his son a glove, a bat, and a baseball. Stan practiced pitching and hitting in the back yard for weeks. Eventually Stan's son joined a baseball team as a very valued player.
Wendy wanted to be a professional gamer. She knew she would have to join a team and play competitively. Wendy trained at her chosen FPS every day after school. When she joined a competitive crew, they found her skills lacking. Wendy was discouraged, but sought another crew to join.
Reggie had saved up for months for a new phone. He was so excited when he bought it he spent the day playing on it. He showed off his new phone to everyone he knew. When was showing his friend his phone he dropped it! Thankfully the phone wasn't' damaged because it was in a case.
Lily needed some pearls to wear to the ball tonight. Thankfully her grandmother let her borrow hers. Lily was thrilled and happy. At least she now looked better. At the dance everyone complimented her on the pearls.
A ship sailed towards another in the open waters. The approaching ship began to raise a pirate flag. The other boat's captain got scared and told his crew to grab weapons. The pirate ship began to fire cannons. The other ship surrendered under the intense attack.
My great grandmother was sick. It depressed me to sit at her house. My grandmother drove me to a nearby park. For a moment I forgot about everything. Then we drove back to the house.
Mavis kept a collection of dolls in a glass cabinet. When her nieces visited, Marge never let them touch the dolls. One day Mavis awoke from a nap to laughter from her nieces. She found them playing nurse to a ward of dolls. After that, Mavis left the dolls out for the girls to play with.
Tasha works at a restaurant. Tasha is a waitress. Tasha really enjoys making tips at the restaurant. Tasha made one hundred dollars in tips this evening. Tasha is very happy.
Ana was at the petting zoo. She decided to feed the chickens there. She put some feed in her hand. Then she stretched her palm out towards the chickens. But to her dismay, they pecked her hand!
Billy was sad because he lost his dog. His Mother made flier for him with his dog's picture on them. Billy put the fliers up all over his neighborhood. One of the neighbors saw Billy's dog walking around. The neighbor caught Billy's dog and brought him home.
I was at work when it started snowing. The day crew started calling in immediately. By the time my shift ended we had over a foot of snow. I volunteered to work over. We had a lazy snow day.
Tom had a pet dog. It started getting itchy. Tom took it to a veterinarian. They told him his dog had fleas. Tom killed them with meds.
Marty loves to fish in the ocean. The smell of the salt and the call of gulls relaxes him. This morning he left very early to go fish. He came back with a large red snapper. His hobby happens to give him dinner sometimes.
Laura heard a small crying noise, and searched until she found it. Three tiny kittens sat shivering under a bush. Their mother was nowhere in sight. Laura tucked the kittens into her sweater and took them inside. The kittens were fed, and safe, and warm, and Laura was happy.
Ted entered himself into a brownie cook off. He went home and pulled out all of the ingredients. While grabbing ingredients, he noticed he was missing some things. Ted decided to wing it and make his own recipe with what he had. After entering the competition, Ted won second place with his recipe.
Pam had the hiccups. It was lasting more than 10 minutes. She tried everything but couldn't get rid of them. Pam became very frustrated. She started to watch TV and didn't notice her hiccups anymore.
Emily had a long list of chores to accomplish for the day. She finished all of her tasks except for the laundry. She was about to get started when she got called into work. When Emily came home, she found that her husband had done the laundry. She was thrilled to not have to dive into the task that evening.
Tommy went to the park. There was a magician in the park. He pulled a rabbit out of his hat. Then he put the rabbit back inside the hat. The rabbit disappeared and Tommy was astonished.
John was a kid who had never smoked. John's buddies came over with a pack of cigarettes. They asked John to try one. John took a puff but began gasping and gagging. John knew then he would never smoke again!
Heather was adopted. She had wondered all her life where her real dad was. She set out to look for him. She searched everywhere. Her real dad could not be found.
Allie had worked so hard on her term paper. She thought she would get a good grade. She expected an A grade. But she ended up failing. Allie then went and cried.
Todd had many large trees in his front yard. Every fall he grew tired of raking all of the fallen leaves. One fall Todd bought a leaf blower to get rid of the leaves. His neighbors complained about the noisy leaf blower. Todd decided to hire a yard worker to take all of the leaves.
Sharon likes to gossip about JJ. JJ talk about Sharon. It's a horrible situation. I told the both of them to work it out! Now we are all the best of friends.
Tom was always the class clown. On the trip to the museum, Tom did not disappoint. When they were in the insect room, Tom brought out a live mouse. Tom did get in trouble for his stunt, but did not get punished harshly. When he got home, Tom's parents grounded him for one week.
I prayed every day for my step dad. He was drinking. He did not believe in Jesus. I have him a book by a famous golfer. Eventually he got saved.
Scot was a tiny puppy who loved to bark at things. She loved to bark at the springy doorstop most of all. She would thwack it with her nose and bark, bark, bark all day. Her people decided to remove the doorstop to get some peace and quiet. Scout didn't mind - she just barked at the wall instead!
The man made a toast. It was well received. He tried to make another toast later. The crowd cheered to hear it. The man sounded like a drunken fool.
Teddy breezed through high school with almost all As. He thought college would be easy. After this first biology test, he realized he was wrong. He had to study for hours every day just to get Cs. He realized he wasn't as smart as he thought he was.
It was beautiful day for taking pictures. Alice took her new camera. She walked around the town to find some good target. Then she spotted a stray cat. She made a cool picture.
Dan and his father walked outside. He took the key and opened the lock. As soon as they opened the shack, a few bats flew out. Dan and his dad ducked as soon as possible. They got up and noticed that the shack was torn from the inside.
My wife wanted to see a new movie that came out. We went to the theater and they were all sold out. We started to walk back to the car, when a shadowy figure appeared. The person asked us if we would like tickets to the sold out movie. They cost more, but we bought them anyway and watched the movie.
Trina was cooking on her stovetop. She leaned in to check on something and felt a sudden heat blast. Before she knew it, her eyebrows were completely charred away. It took a long time for her to regrow those hairs. Finally one day she looked back to normal.
Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic. He went upstairs to check it out. As soon as he climbed the attic ladder he saw a mouse. He was so startled he fell back and hit his head. Now Tom has to go to the emergency room for stitches.
Donald loved going to museums. He would go every weekend. One weekend he got to meet the artist. Donald was elated. He couldn't wait to talk about the set.
Ethan's friends challenged him to drink 2 liters of cola in an hour. They pooled their funds and offered him twenty dollars. Ethan accepted the challenge. He struggled, but he managed to drink all the cola on time! However, that night Ethan had a terrible stomach ache!
Brown had always played with Rubik's Cubes since he was a kid. He had always hoped to solve one but never could. One day, he worked on it for almost 6 hours. He did not even eat anything till he solved it. Once he solved it, Brown was satisfied.
Jill was riding the bus to work one day. She was trying to enjoy some music when she heard a commotion. She noticed two people fighting in the seats in front of her. It was escalating and she felt a bit nervous. Luckily the bus driver kicked both of them off.
I looked over at the teenager and asked her to quiet down. The preacher had started to preach and she was just laughing out loud! She looked at me and said she could do whatever she wanted. I was shocked. Sadly, I had to tell her not to come if she could not listen.
Ron was a perfectionist. So he carefully planned out everything he did. But he spent too much time planning. Ron spent 2 hours planning a trip to the park. But right as he was about to leave, it started to rain.
Melissa invited her best friend to the movies. He agreed to go with her. But after work she got call from him. He could not go to the movies. He got some flu.
Norm loved to hike in the mountains and fish. A friend told Norm that there were cutthroat trout in a remote stream. Norm made the difficult hike to the stream. There were indeed cutthroat trout there. Norm had a great day fishing.
One day a scientist was trekking through the jungle. He found tripped over a mossy log. He got up and looked at the log. He saw some little ants crawling on the log. What luck, they were a new species of ants!
Zach was sitting at his computer and watching TV. He kept seeing Taco Bell commercials all night. It made him hungrier and hungrier. He ended up driving to Taco Bell on his bike he was so hungry! He at 15 dollars worth of food and was to full to ride back home.
Tito woke up with a headache. He called in sick to work. Then he took a few aspirin. Soon he was feeling better. The next day, he returned to work.
I didn't know that Erik was being abused too. One day at Grandma's he had a huge bruise under his eye. I asked him what happened. He said his dad punched him because he didn't hang a picture straight. We talked for hours under the fig tree that day.
Mark was a missionary who was sent to North Korea. While there, he was placed in a hotel with state television. On state TV, reports came in that their famous astronaut had returned. The report said they were proud to have sent a man to Saturn. Mark was amazed at the deceit practiced by this regime.
Joe watched his dad drink a cup of coffee every morning. He kept begging his dad for some. Finally his dad gave in and poured him a cup. Joe gagged after he took a big swallow. He couldn't understand why his dad liked it so much.
Ana bought a BB gun for her eleven-year-old. She thought it'd be good for him to learn about gun safety. Ana felt she was a very responsible parent. Her son shot the neighbor's cat, and the neighbor as well. Ana took the BB gun away from him.
Maria lived in Los angeles with her parents. Her parents were not legal citizens. One evening the immigration services come to her house. They take both of her parents and deport them. Maria is forced to live with her aunt.
Reed was out with some friends. They were at the movies seeing the latest superhero movie. The movie ended and it was time to go home. Reed reached into his back pocket to call his parents. Reed couldn't feel his phone and had lost it at the movies.
Duffie always went out to garden in the morning. One day, Duffie needed ideas for a garden competition. Duffie went to the library, but couldn't find any ideas he liked. So, he went and talked to his neighbor, Tim. Tim And Duffie worked together to create an award winning garden.
Peyton played football professionally. He began to use Performance enhancement drugs. He was never caught using the drugs but the decision haunted him. Peyton finally disclosed his use of the drugs. He was forced to quit playing.
Chaz liked Adaline very much. Adaline could not date until she was 16. Chaz gave Adaline a ring to promise he would wait. Adaline accepted the ring. When she turned 16, they started to date.
Barb wanted to become a hair stylist. She decided to practice on her dog. She combed out his fur, and started cutting. To even out her mistakes, she had to cut even more. When Barb's husband came home, the dog had bald spots.
Tom wanted his autobiography to be written. He hired Mark to write the book. After months of hard work, Mark produced a wonderfully-written book. The book was a best-seller. Tom told everyone he himself had written the book.
Todd loved riding his bike. He got a new one for his birthday. He couldn't wait to take it outside and test it out! He rode it up and down the street all day. The new bike rode so great!
The shot clock ran out of time. However, Jimmy continued to make a shot. The referee told him that his shot didn't count. He became furious and threw the ball on the ground. As a result, he received a technical foul.
Robert was editing a script for a movie. He found a lot of errors. Robert stayed up all night editing. He presented the new script very tired. Robert then discovered that the movie was scrapped.
Francisco hopes getting a new car will help him find a girlfriend. He goes to the dealership and looks for a cool looking car. Finally he decides to buy a Porsche. He drives his Porsche all around town but still doesn't meet girls. Francisco feels bitter that his car didn't help him get a girlfriend.
June was working when she got a call from her child's school. Apparently her teenage daughter hadn't come to school and was missing. June searched her daughter's room and found a note saying goodbye. She began a long search for her runaway teen. In the end, the teen returned on her own when she couldn't survive.
Gina asked her brother where he hid his rap music tapes. He refused to tell her where they were. Gina only wanted to listen to them. But he refused to share. Gina stormed out of the room and vowed to get back at him.
Melissa baked a blueberry pie. She set it out on the window to cool. Two hours later, she checked the window again. The pie was mostly gone. She saw two fat cats with pie on their whiskers sleeping nearby.
One day as I was coming home from work, my cat ran out the front door. I looked for her for hours that day. After a week of looking, I gave up hope that she would return. To my surprise, she came back to the front door after two whole weeks! My white cat had turned a dirty brown from being out in the wild!
Last year I was really full of energy after class one day. I walked by the gym on my way to the bus. For some reason I decided to run around dancing. It was fun until I noticed a crowd watching. They thought it was funny and we all laughed together.
My cousin Travis came into my life 30 years ago. He was adopted by a relative from a drug addicted mother. He was told from that first day that he was adopted. His new parents loved him dearly, and I considered him family. He grew very quickly, and became a police officer.
Paul's boss called him into the office to tell him about a convention. The convention was going to be in Vegas and Paul was picked to go. Paul was excited to go on his first business trip to a convention. The company reserved a posh hotel room for Paul which he enjoyed. The convention was informative and fun, Paul felt very lucky.
Maya has always avoiding eating red meat for health reasons. She usually tries to eat fish or chicken instead of any red meat. However, one weekend she attends a party where only steak is served. She loves the steak that she eats. Maya decides that she should never have lived without steak.
I was addicted to soda again. I was drinking three or more per day. I decided to switch to diet sodas for a while. It didn't work, as I continued to buy ones with caffeine. I started drinking water and taking caffeine pills as a substitute.
Hannah went shopping. She needed hot dog buns for the party. She came to the cashier. She found out she had forgotten her wallet. She had to go back home.
Tara's computer was really sluggish lately. It was simply too old to handle all her applications. Tara decided to upgrade her computer. She purchased a new CPU and more RAM for her computer. After installing the parts, her computer much smoother.
James attended a new art class at his college. He did not really know too much about art at all. He gave it his best effort and found out that he can draw. Now James has dreams of becoming a successful artist. With practice and determination he can reach his dreams.
Dan wanted to play outside. There were clouds in the sky. He started to cry. He wanted to play. Then he decided to stay in and play a great game of checkers!
On Sunday my wife went food shopping. When she got to the car she saw the low tire pressure light. She called me and I went down to get a pump. I am disabled and have trouble walking and bending over. We managed to fill the tires with air, luckily.
Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas. When the girls got there they went over to the club. To their surprise they were offered free drinks. As a result the girls left a massive tip. Kelly couldn't wait to go back.
Bob's truck bed was a mess! There was dirt and pine needles all over it. Bob got an outdoor broom to sweep it. He went through each crease in the liner carefully. When Bob was done the bed was free of all detritus.
Ana found a loose floorboard under her bed. She pried it up. Under it was a hidden shoebox! Ana peeked in the box curiously. Inside she found an old collection of baseball cards.
I decided to visit Chicago. I didn't realize just how cold it would be. When I arrived, I realized I didn't pack the correct clothing. Thus, for three days I was freezing cold! Finally, I decided to go shopping and get a winter coat.
Paul dreamt of being a baker, so he saved up his money to buy a shop. When Paul opened his shop, he worked hard on promoting it. He waited for the shop to take off, but people never showed up. Paul tried his hardest to make ends meet with his few customers. Eventually, it became too expensive, and Paul had to close shop.
Alice and Monica were the best friends. Once they got into some fight. Their friendship fell apart. They met after two months. They could not remember why they fought.
Todd decided to participate in his first half-marathon race. He purchased brand new running gear. He trained by running at least six miles every day. Todd felt that he was very prepared, and he was excited for the race. He ended up finishing in second place.
Beth described her idea to a friend. Her friend liked the idea. Her friend improved upon her idea. Beth liked the improvement. Together they worked on bringing the new idea to reality.
My wife and I went to Chicago in 1983. I had a friend in Joliet. We took the commuter train to see her. She gave us a tour of a wallpaper factory. We had lunch and went back to Chicago.
After Steve signed up with an acting agency, he thought it was a scam. But he paid their fees and took pictures in costumes. The agency called Steve to audition for commercials and movies. Steve made money as an extra in films. Next, he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise.
Fred really liked Susie. But he knew her family was very strict. He decided he wanted to court her. So he asked her parents. Thankfully they said yes.
Sam loved playing chess. He would go out to the park and play strangers. One day a random hobo asked for a game. Same happily obliged. They played and had a surprisingly good match.
Sally bought a lamp from an antiques store. She took it home, but her husband thought it was too ugly. Sally was mad, and decided to put it near their front window. All the neighbors could witness it's ugliness. Her husband was infuriated and broke it with a bat.
I registered to vote the other day. It wasn't as hard as I thought. I basically just signed up with basic info. Now I can vote for whoever I want. And I intend to do so with complete impunity.
Frank was a boy who lived with his aunt and uncle. His aunt and uncle were nicer to his cousin than they were to him. One day, Frank decided to run away. While on the run, he learned that he was a very talented pickpocket. Frank never went a day without food after learning that.
Barbara was searching for the perfect baby shower gift. She had decided to get the new mom a car seat. But neither she nor the employee she asked could find the right one. Frustrated, Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out. Barbara realized she had been cruel, and went back to apologize.
Jim and I decided to go on a canoe trip. We gathered up all of our gear and drove to the river. We launched our canoes into the river. The current was very swift from the recent rains. Jim's canoe tipped over and he fell into the cold river.
Sam wanted to impress his girlfriend. He started taking guitar lessons. After a while he got pretty good. One day he surprised his girlfriend with a serenade. She was impressed and pleasantly surprised.
Tom hated getting phone calls. The reception at his house was terrible. He would always miscommunication by accident. Eventually his cell service got better. Tom got too used to texting by then, though.
I showed up at a campsite one summer day. I immediately began to set up my tent and work on a fire. After finishing those things, I pulled out food and began to cook. While I was relaxing, it began to rain very hard. I had to run into my tent, but the rain didn't stop until the next day.
Amy wanted to be very good at basketball. She asked her coach how to be better at basketball. He told her that she should practice every day. Amy took his advice and practiced. Amy noticed that she had improved at basketball.
Tom was walking when he realized he had dropped his wallet. He traced back his steps to the store and couldn't find it. Tom went into the store and asked if anyone had turned in a wallet. The clerk handed Tom a wallet with his ID on top of it. Tom smiled said thanks and put the wallet in his front pocket.
My husband told me I had to leave the house for a week. I stayed with a friend. At my friend's place, there is no heat. I became ill. Next time my husband tells me to leave, I will refuse.
Stephen was a world famous author. He was renowned for his ability to write many books. Stephen had a secret for being able to write so much. The secret was hard work. Stephen worked for 12 hours a day every day working on his craft.
Ryan was told to pack his suitcase for his family vacation. Ryan decided he only needed one set of clothes for the week vacation. Ryan told his parents he had packed enough clothes for the entire trip. Turns out there was a pool at their hotel but he didn't have trunks. Ryan regretted missing out on swimming for the vacation.
Tim was on a date at the carnival. He played some games to win her a prize. Tim wasn't that good, though. INstead he just bought his date a stuffed animal. She loved it just as much.
I baked a chocolate cake for my daughter on her first birthday. We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her. She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak Bringing her hands to her mouth to taste it with a big smile. She decided she loved it, and threw her whole face into the cake.
Chuck watched a baseball game. He wanted to form a team. He got some friends together. They played one day. They began to compete.
Esmae loved reading books. One day the library had a book sale with all the classics. Esmae reluctantly borrowed $20 from her mother to go to the sale. She came home with a huge stack of wonderful books. Now Esmae happily does extra chores to pay back her mother.
Lily regularly writes blog posts. They are usually pretty thoughtful and provocative. One time, the New York Times approached her about using her work. Now she works for them. She still keeps up with the blog, though.
Mike really wanted to learn to ride a skateboard. So he went to the store and bought one. He started slowly by trying it in his driveway. He then got confidence and went to the sidewalk. Soon after he was confident enough to go to skate park.
Jeff loves caffeine, he drinks it all day. Sometimes it's in the form of coffee or energy drinks. Sometimes Jeff just takes caffeine pills. He claims it makes him more productive at work. Jeff works twice as fast as anyone else at his job.
Ida took her son to a petting zoo. There, he pet cows and goats, sheep and rabbits. He even saw a cow being milked! When he got home, all he could talk about was the zoo! Ida was glad she'd given her son such a wonderful time.
Sam was on his way to work. There was an accident on the road. Sam was going to be late. He called in to let his boss know. The boss saw the news and understood.
One day, little Gloria walked to the store to buy some candy. She soon found an old man outside asking for change. Gloria felt like the man was homeless, and she really wanted to help. Gloria saw some bread inside the store, priced the same as candy. Gloria decided to buy some bread, and shared it with the old man.
Lilly always wanted a dog. Last christmas her parents surprised her with a puppy. She was so excited and immediately fell in love with the little puppy. She named him Jax. Lilly plays and takes Jax for walks every day now.
One day last week, I saw an Opossum in my yard. He was a friendly one. He liked to walk around my yard with my dogs. He hung around all day. I never saw him again.
Gina was sent to feed the dogs at her grandma's house. But the dog's weren't familiar with her. The big dogs barked and yanked at their chains. Gina was scared to go near them so she backed up. Her grandma soothed her fears, and sent her back out to feed them.
Kendall had a busy night. She had to attend a magazine party. She got her hair and makeup done for it. As she walked in though, she tripped on her dress. Her fall was very embarrassing for her.
Tommy was a tennis player. Tommy was playing and made an error. Tommy felt his grip on his racquet was not strong. Tommy bought a new grip tape for his racquet handle. This solved Tommy's problem and he was happy.
Mary had a friend named Tyler. He recently died. Mary was very upset. She went to his funeral. She spoke a piece about him.
Carlos needed a job. So his cousin got him a job as a sew chief at a restaurant. Carlos everyday worked hard on being a better cook. Eventually the main chef got fired. Carlos became such a good cook he became the main chef.
I went to a Chinese restaurant today. They offered us a booth or a table to sit at. We chose to sit in a booth. Our server came to our table to get the order. Each of us took turns ordering our meal.
This morning I went to the store to buy some breakfast. I went back to my campsite and started up a fire. As I cooked breakfast on the fire, I heard a loud noise. A bear had just sat at the table with a napkin on its lap. It was waiting for me to finish breakfast so he could eat some, too.
Ryan always overdid things. So when he was at a buffet, he got too much food. He put sausage, ham, chicken, bacon, eggs, and waffles on his plate. But he quickly realized he couldn't finish it all. Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it.
Amy and Anna had been best friends since childhood. They grew apart when each attended a different college. Then, years later, they met by chance at a cafe. They chatted for hours, catching up. When they parted, they both agreed to see each other more often!
Bobby woke in the middle of the night. He had had a terrible nightmare. His parents said he could sleep with them. Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad. He slept soundly the rest of the night, safe with his parents.
Justin was a real estate salesperson. He was going to show a house. He checked out the house when he arrived. The house was a mess. Justin rescheduled the showing.
Laundry day is Stevie's least favorite day. It takes so long. Then she has to put everything away. She wished clothes always stayed clean. She sighed as she started the first load of laundry.
Bill decided to go skiing when he saw all the snow outside. He loaded up his ski equipment and drove to the mountains. Bill was skiing down his first hill when he hit a tree. Rescue personnel had to carry him down the hill on a gurney. After a three day hospital stay Bill decided to never ski again.
Willie loved to play baseball. He worked very hard at getting better. As a freshman he made the varsity squad. A few players got hurt and Willie got his chance to play. Despite being a freshman Willie made a big contribution to the team.
Karl was a big football fan. For the big game he always had people over. He invited several friends and made tons of snacks. Everyone watched the game and had lots of fun. Karl made sure to let everyone know to come back next time.
Billy wanted to buy a farm animal. He couldn't decide which one he wanted. He met a little cute goat. Billy fell in love. Billy bought the goat.
Joe was unsure what college he wanted to go to. So he went to several college campus tours. He found a college he liked. So he signed up. Joe was sure he found the right college for him.
Kate's dog Spot hated baths. One day, Kate filled a basin with water for Spot's bath. Spot heard the water running and escaped the yard. Kate looked everywhere for Spot. A neighbor called and told her that Spot was on her front lawn.
Betty loved playing her trumpet. Her band needed more low brass though. She decided to switch and play the euphonium. The band sounds much better. Betty misses her trumpet.
Simon loved stars and astronomy. He kept telling his mom he wanted a spaceship for Christmas! On Christmas morning, his mom confessed she couldn't afford a ship! But she promised him she'd gotten him the next best thing. Simon opened his envelope and saw that she'd bought him - a real star!
Kelly made a blueberry pie. It came out looking perfectly. She shared pictures of her pie online. The pictures got an overwhelmingly positive response. Kelly offered to share her pie with her friends.
Jillian was using her computer. Then, she noticed a quiz. She decided to try it. It took a few minutes to answer the questions. When she was done, she got a fun answer.
Jen and Mike were having a picnic. The sky got overcast. Jen and Mike started to pack up their food. They ate the rest of their food in their car. Jen and Mike headed home in the rain.
Carl was cleaning his house. He found a small nest of ants in a room. Carl called the exterminator. The exterminator came and sprayed for the ants. Carl stopped having an ant problem.
Heathers mom's birthday is today. Heather waited until the last minute. She waited so long to get something she almost forgot. Heather went to the store looking around. She decided to get a bouquet of flowers for her mother.
Charlie and Susan went on a date. They decided to eat at a nice restaurant. The two ordered a bottle of wine. Charlie ordered food for them both. The couple ate and drank and enjoyed themselves.
When I started the 6th grade, I was excited. I went to history class, and met the teacher. She said her first name was Cinderella. I was very surprised by this. I had never met anyone named Cinderella in real life before.
Isaac was visiting a third world country. And he watched a man on the sidewalk making food. Isaac decided to order a sandwich from him. And it was so good that he bought two more. But when he went back to his hotel, he felt completely sick.
I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow. I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material. I decided to get some rest before it got too late. When the alarm went off, I quickly hopped out of bed. My test was thankfully canceled due to heavy snow fall.
Laura was betting at the horse races. Her horse rounded the bend and looked like a winner. She could hardly hear her voice over the excited crowd. At the last minute, Laura's horse pulled back and didn't even place. Laura lost twenty dollars that day.
A newly wed couple rolled into town one day. The first thing they did was go to the liquor store. Afterwards they went to the department store and bought fuel. After a long night of drinking they set a fire. The whole town burned while they rode away.
I was walking down the street one day. Someone left a bulletin board made from wine corks. It was placed on the sidewalk. I took it home and posted it on eBay. It sold for $10.
Kim and Beth wanted to try genuine New York City Pizza. They asked around to find out who had the best Pizza. They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors. The girls loved the pizza at both parlors. After trying the pizza's they weren't able to say which was better.
Nessa was playing at the creek. It was a hot day, so she decided to swim. She jumped in and refreshed herself. But when she climbed out, there was a leech stuck on her leg! Nessa was completely disgusted!
For a few consecutive days in fourth grade, I was out sick. During my sick days, I missed a test. I was a pretty smart student so I was confident in my abilities. I thought I could pass without studying, so I didn't. As a result, I failed my first exam and felt really embarrassed.
Rocky has been out of work for several weeks. He applies for a lot of jobs. He gets an interview with a restaurant. He nails the interview. Rocky becomes the new employee of the restaurant.
Gina and her family had just moved to a new neighborhood. They didn't know any of the kids on the block. After a week her brother had a new friend. This new friend was named was Joe. Gina didn't like the look of Joe, so she avoided him for months.
Johnny entered the Dub Show car show for the first time. His '98 sedan had big rims and a nice paint job. It won an honorable mention. Then a blonde girl asked Johnny could she ride home with him. A gangster showed up and told Johnny he took a gangster's girlfriend.
The pinkie on my left hand is broken. I went up to dunk a basketball and banged my hand on the rim. My pinkie was broken and dislocated. I never had the pinkie reset. To this day, my left hand pinkie is still disfigured and out of place.
Jack was playing basketball. As he went to shoot the ball, he fell. Jack was not able to get up. He had torn a ligament. Jack was out for the rest of the season.
Mike wants to be a guitar teacher when he grows up. He realizes that he'll have to practice very hard to do that. He has a lot of other obligations right now. Mike decided to put some of those aside and focus on guitar. Mike is excited about his future as a guitar teacher!
Tom was a doctor for ten Year's. He made one mistake and was sued. His malpractice insurance lost the case. He had to pay some money out of pocket. He's having a hard time finding more insurance now.
Tom was playing tennis with his friend, Mike. Tom became angry when he started to lose. He blamed Mike for his own mistakes. And he quit playing. Later, Tom realized he only had himself to blame.
It was Thanksgiving. I had guests coming to my house for dinner. Alas, the turkey in my fridge became moldy. I decided to bake a meatloaf instead. My guests enjoyed the meatloaf for Thanksgiving dinner!
Bill and Mary were a married couple. They really wanted kids but were unable to conceive. This pained Bill and Mary quite a lot. One day Bill came home and Mary was smiling and beaming. She told Bill that she was finally and undeniably pregnant!
Jill has to wear a dress to work everyday. Except on Friday they have Casual Friday. She can wear whatever she wants. Jill usually wears jeans and a t-shirt. She says that she is most comfortable that way.
Linda loved rabbits, but she lived in an apartment. Her lease didn't allow her to have any pets. She decided to volunteer at the local Humane Society. There, Linda eventually was put in charge of all of the rabbits. She is happy that she can now cuddle and care for rabbits every day!
It was Saturday and Amy hadn't heard from Ray. She couldn't understand why he hadn't called. When she gave him her number in class he seemed interested. Amy sat in her room alone the whole day. Her ego was shattered by the apparent rejection.
Carl was hanging out with friends. They ran out of beer. Carl was picked to get more. He took everyone's money and went to the store. He returned with more beer and everyone cheered.
Caleb lived in a house that was fueled by propane. On a frigid winter day, he saw that the tank was almost empty. Caleb was nervous he would be without heat. He called the propane company and requested a refill. Several hours later, the truck arrived and refilled the tank.
Jeff went to the pharmacy to get his medication. The front desk worker mixed some of the tablets without labeling them. She ended up giving Jeff the wrong prescription. He felt odd when he decided to take it at home. A few days later, he suffered from a minor heart stroke.
Matt pulled the slot machine handle once more. The machine beeped and jingled, but nothing came out. Disappointed, he inserted another coin and pulled the lever. He rubbed his eyes sleepily, but remained determined. It would take more than a few losses to discourage him.
Lucy was only five years old. Today was her first day of Kindergarten. She reached into her pocket and rubbed her lucky penny. She new everything would be alright as long as she had that. School started and she did great that day.
It was 95 degrees outside. But Kate wanted to air out her room. She opened the window and put in a fan. The temperature in the room rose by 10 degrees in 20 minutes. Kate regretted her decision to open the window.
Allie and her family decided to go on a camping trip. They decided to travel for an hour. When they got there, Allie was bored. She was annoyed about having to be with her family. She wanted to go home.
Kayla was on her way to school one morning. She made sure to grab her hot cocoa mug on the way out. At her bus stop, she was cold so she took a sip. The sip was so hot she immediately spit it out as her mouth burned. For the rest of the day her mouth hurt from the burn.
Sally had not shaved for 2 weeks. Her legs looked like a boys. When she went to shave, she cut her leg. It bled and bled. Sally vowed to never shave again.
Leo is practicing his volleyball skills. He jumps up for the ball. He lands awkwardly on his foot. He breaks his ankle. He is rushed to the hospital to be treated.
Megan called her brother on his birthday. Her brother asked her to sing a song. She sang his favorite birthday song. Megan's phone lost it's connection. They talked later.
Jerry and his family are on a private plane to an island. While on the plane the family notices the plane shaking. Everyone grabbed on to something the plane was going down. The plane crashed into the ocean and everyone was okay. Their only problem now is they were stuck on an island.
Lynn is very dissatisfied with the fire department. She writes a strongly worded editorial to the paper. The editorial is published in the paper. Lynn is happy her voice has been heard. Lynn is hopeful it will help change the fire department.
Thomas was very competitive at video games. Once, he lost a game and got very angry. He got so angry that he threw his controller on the floor. The controller smashed and it was totally unusable. He learnt that day, that violence and anger doesn't solve problems.
Joe knew he wasn't supposed to play soccer inside. He did it anyway. He kicked the ball. It broke his mom's vase. He was grounded for a week.
A man was doing laundry one fine day. He went into the basement to retrieve it from the dryer. Most of his socks were missing. For safety reasons, he unplugged the dryer and disconnected the gas. He fetched an axe.
Kay decided to sign up for a Farmer's CSA. She would receive fresh vegetables and fruit from a local farm. The boxes she received from the farm were smaller than she expected. Some of vegetables were wilted and unusable. Kay opted not to sign up for another round of the CSA.
Joe went for a long run. He was sweaty and exhausted. He hopped in the shower to get rinsed off. He felt so much better! The shower had refreshed him.
Clara was leaving home for her job interview. While she was on her way, Clara helped a stranger. When Clara arrived at her interview, she was surprised. The stranger she helped and the interviewer were the same person! Since Clara had already made a good impression, she got the job.
Roxy has never lost in a video game before. One day she gets challenged by Richard. Richard puts up a good fight. Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential. Richard ends up winning 10-9.
Alex ordered a new mirror. When it arrived it was the perfect size. Before she could hang it, she dropped it. It shattered into a million pieces. Alex is now going to have bad luck.
Bob's car battery recently died. He needed to get another battery so he could go to work the next day. Bob took the local bus to the nearest automotive store. After purchasing the new battery, Bob returned home and installed it. Bob was able to go to work the next day.
Mary and her husband were going to a party. They hired a new babysitter for their children. The babysitter let the children drink as much water as they wanted. When Mary came home, she checked on the sleeping children. Boys boys had peed their beds.
Early one morning I could hear my dogs. They were scratching vigorously at the door. I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen. I flung the door open to let them out. They almost knocked me over on the way out, just to chase a cat!
Teresa got a waitressing job. She was very happy to have a job. On her first day, she found out what hard work it was. However, at the end of the day, her tips were worth all that work. Teresa has learned to really enjoy waitressing.
Jake noticed a smell in his apartment. He couldn't figure out what it was. Finally he realized it was his feet. His shoes got wet and smelled terrible. Jake decided to throw them away.
Tom invested a lot of money in a company. One day the company's stock started plummeting. Tom got scared and tried to sell. Unfortunately it was at a low point. Tom lost a lot of money.
Fred liked Susie. He really wanted to ask her to the ball. But he was nervous. She said yes however. So fred was very happy.
The workers came in front of the house. They took several cleaning supplies out of the truck in order to clean Drew pressure-washed some of the walls to take out the paint. However, the stick broke into the glass when he rested it. A week later, I received a compensation for the property damages.
Gary enjoyed working on and repairing guitars. When he got sick, he could no longer go to his job at the bank. Stuck at home, he spent time repairing and customizing guitars. Gary found that he could earn a living doing something he liked. When his health recovered, Gary quit his job at the bank.
When I moved overseas recently, i was super excited to bring my bike. I'd just bought a new bike and didn't want to damage it in the move. So I bought a fancy travel case to make sure it would be safe. I packed my bike with care in the new case and brought it on the plane My bike arrived safely at my new home but I have yet to ride it here.
Sid decided to use crowdsource workers in a social experiment. He created a task with a small subset of codes to access it. He distributed these codes to only a few of the workers. Sid sat back to watch what they'd do with them. Unsurprisingly, none of the workers shared the codes with each other.
The teacher caught the student. The teacher asked the student to stay after class. The teacher lectured the student. The student acted sorry. The teacher let him off with a warning.
I decided to take my girlfriend to the beach. As we were walking she paused. She told me she was afraid of the water. I told her it was ok. We decided to just relax on the sand.
It was Amy's first day on campus. She went to the freshman orientation unsure what to expect. There were plenty of friendly people who were also freshman. They were all new and this gave them common ground. Amy made 3 new friends that day.
I was going to a friend's wedding. I didn't have a suit but needed one. I went to a local tailor. They measured me and made me a suit. It was surprisingly cheap,and the suit looked good.
Kevin plays basketball. He started playing at a very young age. Throughout high school, Kevin was very good. He received a scholarship to play for The University of Kentucky. Now, Kevin plays professional ball and gets paid for playing the game.
I was writing a letter to my grandparents. I was almost done when I got a paper cut. It really stung and I got blood on the paper. Since there was blood on the paper, I threw it away. I had to write a newsletter.
Jerry was a hard working dancer. She practiced and rehearsed everyday. Her dream was to go to Juilliard. She would make it someday she knew. She audition several times and was invited to the school.
Ally's family had dinner at a Chinese restaurant. Her fortune cookie said she was going to come into some money. So she bought a scratch off lottery ticket worth up to $50,000. She didn't win the $50,000, but she did win $50. So her fortune cookie was right.
My little sister was throwing the TV remote everywhere in the house. She also broke one of the windows by thrusting it there. I tried to snatch the remove away from her. Instead, she punched my stomach with it. I fell on the ground, holding my stomach.
Nile was very forgetful. He had problems with short term memory loss from birth. Once, Nile forgot that he left his oven on. He burned down his whole house. Luckily, no one was in the house but he did learn to set timers.
Amanda noticed something was amiss in her bedroom. Her jewelry box was missing. Someone had come in and stolen in. Amanda was missing her wedding ring and diamond earrings. She called the police immediately.
Frankie was terrified of roller coasters. We went to an amusement park one day. I begged Frankie to go on a roller coaster with me. He gave in. Now, he loves them more than I do!
Marcus had a crush on his best friend. First, he went to her house and got in bed with her. She told him to stop, he was like a brother to her. Then he tried to talk to her about his feelings. She said no because she didn't feel a need to have sex with him.
Every night I heard the same person practice their violin. One night, I decided to figure out who it was that played so well. I sat out in front of my house, waiting for them to begin. The person noticed, and was afraid they had been bothering me. I reassured them, and they played a private concert just for me!
Susan was talking to her mother on the phone. All of a sudden, the phone call dropped due to bad reception. Susan walked around trying to get a signal. She could not find one no matter where she went. She had to wait until the next day in order to call her mother again.
Barry tapped the girl's shoulder. The student turned around. Barry talked to her. The teacher yelled at her. She turned around quickly.
Jamie noticed her only hen hadn't laid an egg in over a week. She didn't know much about chickens and thought this was normal. One day her friend came over and looked at the hen. Her friend realized the hen was stressed by a move to a bigger house. Jamie's friend told her when the hen is settled in she'll lay again.
Jack has wanted to cook all his life. He enjoys watching his chef father cook. One evening Jack asks if he can learn. His father tells him it's time he learn. His father spent the entire evening showing Jack how to cook.
Jill loved to practice yoga. She attended her yoga class three times a week. One day she discovered that the yoga studio she attended was closing. She was sad as this was the only yoga studio in her small town. She enjoyed yoga so much that she decided to open her own studio.
Joyce was known for her lasagna recipe. She liked to add fresh basil to it. She made two batches and the guests ate them both. They loved the melty cheese and the spicy sausage. All the guests asked for her recipe when the left.
My body was getting very out of shape. I had to start a workout routine. I woke up every day and jogged and did sit ups. I kept this up for weeks and increased the difficulty. After weeks, I began to feel really great.
Bob and Ed were playing a game of darts. The game was very close. Bob had more points but they didn't know it yet. When Ed counted his score he lied and reported more. Bob believed him and so Bob lost.
Carolyn had to go to the doctor but was afraid. Every time she went before, the doctor found something wrong with her. This time, she swore she wouldn't be sad if he had bad news. She went through the exam, very worried. But in the end, the doctor said she was finally fine and healthy.
My teacher in the 10th grade was the uncle of a famous musician. When we came to class the first day, he told us. I realized he looked a lot like her. He also told us he went to school with John Grisham. He told us stories about them hunting together.
Dan loved to watch Olympic Curling. Dan loved seeing the players, and the intensity that they showed. In addition, Dan loved seeing the players skate slowly on the ice. However, Dan knew he would have to wait two more years to see curling. Dan could not wait until he could watch Olympic Curling on television.
Dan beckoned the other boys to come over. He pointed at a frog he'd found in the river. The boys crowded around, making ribbiting sounds. Dan lost his footing and suddenly slipped. He fell down right on top of the frog, smashing it flat!
Alan had prepared a eulogy for his friend that recently passed away. He was very nervous before the funeral. Alan walked to the podium at the appropriate time. He delivered a passionate speech. There wasn't a dry eye in the room.
Ed had been at his job for a year. He was now entitled to a paid week off. He had never had a paid vacation before. He was so happy! He took his week off and stayed home, just relaxing!
Tom was sitting at home. His parents called and said they were visiting. Tom wasn't expecting them. He had to clean everything up in a hurry. Tom was barely able to finish before they arrived.
Jackie was never so happy as when she was buying shoes. She was always on the prowl. Hunting and looking, she would keep an eye on all the sales. Shopping for shoes was her hobby you might say. She was very good at it and had an impressive collection.
Ida's shoelace broke one day in school. She had no place to replace it. She went to the Home Ec room. There, she found a thin ribbon. Ida used it as a makeshift lace for her shoe.
Kate wanted to draw a pretty dress. But she couldn't get the limbs on the model right. She decided to try and copy a model from a magazine. She erased and drew and erased and drew. In the end she finally she had a drawing she was proud of.
Tom was a nerd in high school. He was finally invited to his first party. Everyone there was cool except for him and a few others. It was a party to see who could find the biggest nerd. Tom won and then cried.
Jo liked turtles. She went to Hawaii to see big turtles. At a beautiful beach, she saw many turtles on the lava. She stroked the head of one the turtles. The police told her to stop.
Greg was driving at night. After several minutes, his car immediately shut down. He had to wait for help for several hours. Another driver stopped by his car. She offered a ride home or a phone call to the towing service.
She asked why he felt that way. He couldn't articulate what he was feeling. He told her it was just how he felt. He asked her to please leave him alone. She left the room quietly.
John needed to install drawers in his new cabinets. He bought the cheapest hammer and nails he could get. He installed all of them with much difficulty. The nails and hammer had held up throughout. John later realized that he had installed the drawers' tracks backward.
Tom was on an important call with his wife. He had really bad reception on his phone. His wife didn't believe that excuse. Eventually the call cut off. Tom's wife thought he hung up on her.
Lou was having his date over for dinner and a movie. He hadn't been dating her that long. He wasn't sure what movie to pick. He called his sister for ideas. She suggested a few different recent comedy movies.
Amy had a hard time understanding questions, even basic ones. She was even with this difference a great person in and out. One day a man came and wanted to sell her insurance, for a fair price. She was confused as to why she needed this since she never had it. The man walked away,confused himself as to how that woman became that.
George's stomach growled. He'd had a busy semester and now his fridge was almost empty. So was his wallet. However, he did have ketchup and water! Grinning, he mixed them together and enjoyed a bowl of tomato soup.
My nephew works for a construction company. He was complaining about work while talking to his mom. He said the owner hired a friend and paid him more. His mother said that was the way of the world. He hung up in disgust.
Dan had to really use the bathroom before boarding his flight. While in the bathroom, Dan heard the call to board his flight. Dan grabbed his suitcase and rushed out the bathroom. As Dan made it to the gate, a passenger told Dan his zipper was down. Dan was embarrassed that he had forgotten to zip up his zipper.
It was getting close to Christmas. Rachel didn't have a lot of money. She had two little boys that were hoping for some presents, though. She didn't think she would be able to get any presents this year. Luckily on Christmas morning, neighbors brought gifts for the boys.
Candace was at home washing the dishes when her phone rang. It was her son's school letting her know that he hadn't shown up. After a brief search, she found a runaway note on his bed. Unfortunately the police couldn't do much to help her find him. Luckily, he came home a couple of days later and apologized.
Tim's home alarm kept going off at night. Any minor movement would set it off. Tim tried to change it but it didn't work. He had to call the alarm company to fix it. They replaced it with something similar.
Greg was really good friends with a girl he likes. Today is her birthday. He wanted to buy her a good gift. He knows that she likes music a lot. Greg decided to buy her headphones.
Carol bought a Christmas tree for her house. She spent almost an hour decorating it so it looked perfect. Carol strung on some lights to add the finishing touch. Her cat became excited by the lights and pounced on the tree. To Carol's dismay, her tree fell over and all of the ornaments broke.
I went to the library to find a book to read. The library was very crowded at the time. Since I hate crowds I wanted to get out as soon as I could. I pick a random book off the shelf to check out. The librarian told me I made the right choice.
Tina was pretty short. Her boyfriend was pretty tall. One day they got into a fight. Tina's boyfriend put all her things on top of shelves. Tina was annoyed and amused.
Carey was very excited to be going to prom with Joe. He was normally a gentleman but he was drinking that night. Carey felt very uncomfortable and asked to go home. Joe got very upset and almost hit her in the face. Carey broke up with Joe the next day and felt good for being strong.
John was eating dinner. He dropped his phone. He reached down to pick it up. He saw that the phone was now broken. John became sad.
Timmy liked to draw. He was very good at it. He applied to a design school. They rejected his application. He was very disappointing.
Tom and Mary were baking an apple pie. They chopped the apples. They didn't have any butter. Mary went to the store to buy butter. The pie turned out very well.
Julie was feeling hungry. She thought she would order some Pizza. Julie order the food through an online website. The pizza arrived and Julie tipped the driver. Julie went to take a bite of the pizza and it was burnt!
Donna's grandson was a teenager. She didn't know what to get him for his birthday. He was too old for toys and games. He didn't like the clothes she bought him. Donna gave her grandson cash.
John was really drunk and ordered food for everyone. He had pizza and burgers delivered. John dared everyone to finish it. If they did he offered to buy food again next time. It was hard but everyone finally finished the food.
Jane was leaving the grocery store with a ton of bags. A woman saw her and offered her a reusable shopping bag. Jane thanked her as the bag helped her with everything. To Jane's delight the woman told her to keep the bag. Jane used it often from then on.
We live in a city neighborhood. One day a neighbor started raising chickens in his yard. We were amused, but did nothing. Another neighbor complained to the police. The neighbor had to get rid of the chickens.
Ed was flying to the Cook Islands. His small plane went down in the Pacific. Ed was presumed dead, but he managed to cling to a life raft. He floated to shore and sought help. Soon he was on the phone with his happy, sobbing wife!
I wanted to learn how to sing better. I auditioned to sing for my church choir. The director said my voice was first tenor. I learned how to read sheet music. I am better singer now than I was before I joined the choir.
Jane was a huge fan of Michael Jackson. Ever since she was ten, she used to collect memorabilia. Last Saturday, someone broke into her house. They stole one of her favorite pieces. And the insurance won't even cover it.
Cindy knew the Christmas was 8 months away. Cindy wanted to make sure that she had enough money this year. Cindy started taking every extra dollar and saving it. Cindy did this until December when she was ready to shop. Cindy was happy to get everything she wanted to buy for Christmas.
Marion was about to move. She was cleaning her house up before the move. She opened up a closet that had been closed for a year. Inside was a bag with some sort of goo on it. She decided to just leave it.
The Rodriguez family moved. They bought a house in Fairfield. It took 6 months for it to be built. It is a 3 bedroom 2 bath house. They live there and are very happy.
Lily was returning her textbooks at the end of the year. The teacher noted that their condition was bad. They told her she needed to pay some fines. She protested, saying she hadn't caused the damages. Finally, they settled on having her pay a little bit.
An old friend came to visit me a few days ago. I hadn't seen him in over a year before that. When he stopped by he told me he had a gift for me. The gift he had brought for me was a delicious cheeseburger. I had a great time eating it with my friend.
Gibson wanted a new cellphone. He had broken his previous one. His dad said he would not buy him a new one. Gibson begged for many days. After many months, his dad finally bought him a new phone.
Rita immigrated to the United States from Russia. She was sad because she left all of her old friends behind. Then, she met a boy with whom she got along very well. He introduced Rita to all of his friends. Rita finally felt like she belonged in her new home.
Joey's mom called him for lunch. He kept playing his video game. About an hour later he want downstairs to a bowl of cold soup. He complained to his mother. She told him if he had come when she called it world be hot soup.
We got an invitation in the mail. It was for Rick's family reunion. They planned a barbecue at the park. That was good because the kids could play. Everyone had a great time.
The Smith family finally arrived at the beach after a long trip. They were staying at a condo at the beach and immediately went there. As soon as they got on the beach, they all felt better about things. When they went to eat later that evening, everyone was feeling better. They spent the rest of the week enjoying each others companies.
Jackson was at the lake with his family. He had been fishing for awhile and hadn't caught anything. He decided to try a new type of bait. Soon enough, he felt a nibble. He reeled the fish in and proudly showed it off.
Tom was working at an internet cafe. He was drinking tea. He had to use the toilet. He brought his laptop with him to the bathroom for safekeeping. He felt smart and safe for doing this.
When Joan's mom broke her hip, she moved in with her daughter. Joan soon grew tired of having to do things for her mom. When she drove past a nursing home, Joan stopped and went inside. She went to the desk to ask for an application. Just then, Joan saw a woman who looked like her mom sobbing all alone.
It is customary to give out red envelopes to kids on Chinese New Year. This year I put $5 in a red envelope. I brought it to my neighbor's son Henry,  who is 4. I gave Henry the envelope, plus some candy. Henry's mom gave me a thank you note in return.
Jordan is playing on the football team this year at school. He only played when he was a lot younger. He has been practicing every night. He really wants to do a good job. He is hoping to make varsity next year.
I saw a position opening that I was well qualified for. I applied and interviewed for the position. Someone else was selected to fulfill the position. I filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint. I learned Gays can be legally discriminated against in government.
Jeff took all the trimmings off of his Christmas tree. His wife suggested to give the tree a final shake. Jeff lifted the fake tree and gave a mighty shake. A few small ornaments fell from the tree. Because of this, Jeff searched harder for more.
Rita loved fall. She bought a bunch of mums for her front porch. She added in some pumpkins and gourds. Fall decorations were her favorite! Her house looked dressed for the season.
It was Tom's first day of school. He nervously sat in his classroom. The teacher had all of the children sing songs. The teacher was amazing at how lovely Tom sounded. After the praise, Tom was no longer nervous.
I've always liked trains. I was excited when I won a free trip on one. I didn't expect to win. Unfortunately I couldn't take the time off work. So I had to sell the tickets to a friend.
Ethan's baseball team was going to a tournament. The tournament was in Kansas City. It was called the Monster Bash. All the coaches had to dress up in costumes. Ethan's coach dressed up as a vampire baseball player.
John thought the grocery store was very expensive. John decided to grow a garden. John watered the garden every day. John waited patiently for fruits and vegetables. John enjoyed the first meal from his garden tremendously.
James just put a piece of fish in his oven. But one of his friends asked him to play an online game. James accepted and quickly became absorbed in the game. He decided to take a bathroom break but smelled something burning. He opened his oven and saw a black piece of fish.
Nick didn't do well in school as a child. He dropped out of high school. When he grew up he decided to go to college. He worked very hard and made good grades. He graduated from college three years ago.
Johnny was always told he's very strong for his size. He decided to enter a local tough man competition in his town. The main contest was an arm wrestling competition. Johnny ended up beating his opponent within the first 3 seconds. Johnny was then declared the strongest man in his town.
Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet. Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap. Joe freaked out at him for ruining the seasoning of the pan. In the end the eggs tasted fine. Chris looked for an apology but got none.
A child found a grasshopper in a lake. The child waded out into the water. She was able to retrieve the grasshopper from the water. She spent the next few minutes gently blowing on it. Eventually the grasshopper stirred, stood up, and hopped away.
Gina was walking to CVS near her home. She headed north towards the closed street. She couldn't drive across the street. But on feet she could walk across it. Gina stepped carefully, and continued toward CVS.
Mary's baby had been crying all night. She didn't know why so she checked his temperature. It looked really high so she figured he was sick. She ran out to the store and bought some medicine. At home, she gave him some and he seemed to calm down a bit.
Chloe's boyfriend took her to a horse racing track for fun. He pored over all the data in order to make a prudent bet. Chloe, not understanding the numbers, picked a horse based on name. Though he had poor odds, the horse with the cute name won its race! Irritated, Chloe's boyfriend sulked for the rest of the date.
The teacher was mad at the class for not finishing the homework. He decided to take out a few test packets and hand it to everyone. No one in the class passed the exam. In addition, the teacher entered the exam grades in the grade-book. Everyone was infuriated.
Mary was boarding a train to visit her grandma. She had a private compartment and enjoyed watching the scenery. She traveled for a full day before the train pulled into the station. Her grandma met her there and showed her a great week in town! After her visit, Mary boarded the same train to return home.
Bonnie had been hiking all day. She went home to take a shower. She couldn't wait to get all the dirt off of her. She turned the knob but nothing happened. The water had been shut off!
Bob loved his car. His car was old with chipped paint. One day Bob won the lottery! Bob used the money to upgrade his car. Bob's car is now the nicest in the neighborhood.
Jeff hated going to his dentist. This time, though, there was a new dentist in the office. This dentist was much nicer than the old one. When the appointment was over, the dentist gave Jeff a lollipop. Jeff decided that going to the dentist wasn't so bad.
Jimmy choo made an exclusive collection of Cinderella shoes. Kelly was thankful to scoop up a pair yesterday. The shoes looked gorgeous on her. She couldn't believe how nice they looked. She liked them so much she bought another pair.
Tina studied hard for her test, in order to get an A in the class. She experienced no difficulty on the test and ended up with an A. However, the teacher gave her a B in the class. He gave her a 0 for a missing homework assignment. She searched her backpack for the paper but she couldn't find it.
Gina didn't like to see her grandma. She was old and always spoke of her young days. Gina was so bored one day that she slept during a tale. When she woke up her grandma was still talking. Gina went home feeling ashamed of herself.
June decided to make dessert for her family. First, she tried a complicated cake, but it collapsed. Aiming for an easier recipe, June tried making brownies. After the brownies burned, June attempted making cookies. After burning those too, June gave up and bought ice cream.
Nell's dad drove home through a hailstorm. He parked the car with a shattered windshield in the garage. He told Nell she mustn't touch the car. Curious, Nell snuck in the garage and touched the glass. When she cut her finger, Nell wrapped it and said nothing.
Stacy was ready for a change. She'd graduated from high school and would start college soon. She decided to major in biology. Her classes had been registered for and her book has been bought. Stacy was so excited for the fall.
Jen wanted to become a hippo artist but she lacked talent. Every day Jen traced images of hippos she found online. After a while he tried to draw them freehand. Little by little, Jenn got better at drawing hippos. Soon she became so good she had her own art show of her work.
Mark had a new girlfriend who was a skilled tennis player. He said he was really good at it to impress her, but he really wasn't. She then challenged him to a game to test his skills. He tried his hardest at it, but he lost to her very badly. She said she still liked him even if he was bad at it, though.
Neil had arrived in the Japanese town of Kyoto. It was very non-Westernized, he saw. He observed their annual Cherry Blossom festival. He also saw the dozens of temples in Kyoto. He thought it was a very traditional Japanese haven!
Barry was preparing to take the SAT's. Barry studied very hard for the test, and felt he would do well. The day of the test, Barry choked! Barry could not seem to remember most of what he studied. Barry knew he did not do well, and he was not proud of himself.
Tim liked to ride his bike. But the chain came off as he was riding it. He had to tell his friend that he couldn't make it to his house. His older brother came driving by and saw Tim. He took Tim and his bike the rest of the way to the friends house.
Tom was preparing for a business trip. He was scared of flying. Once he got on the plane he was nervous. The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor. This person helped to calm Tom down, and Tom enjoyed the flight.
Leo had just removed the training wheels from his bike. He set off wobbly on two wheels. Then he crashed and toppled over! Leo wanted to cry, but he decided to be a big boy. He got right back on his bike and pedaled off!
Norma did not like dogs at all. This was not always the case, though. She used to have a puppy as a child that she took everywhere. She loved that dog until one day he got loose and was hit by a truck. Ever since that day she was bitter and angry towards dogs.
Tom and Jim were best friends. They loved playing basketball together. They often played games called horse and 21. They had a good competitive spirit in the games. They had so much fun competing with each other in basketball.
Our son celebrated his 27th birthday today. We took him out to a local Italian restaurant. We asked his aunt to go as well. Traffic was bad and we were delayed. We had a very good dinner.
I was skateboarding. I decided to skate down a ramp. My board slipped from under my leg. I hit the railing and broke my leg. I realized that I should be more careful when skateboarding.
Lisa loved learning about geography. She had a globe that she studied often. She liked to spin it and learn about a new place. She put the globe on her nightstand. Every night, she drifted off to sleep dreaming about a new place.
It was Ariana's birthday and she decided to go to Miami. She decided to get a bunch of friends together for the trip. They all flew first class together. The trip was amazing and there was no trouble whatsoever. Ariana couldn't wait to go back.
Louis was running for class president. He made a lot of posters. Louis put the posters up around school. Louis delivered a good speech to his classmates. He was voted class president.
Zoe loved dance. She wanted to be a dancer. She finally convinced her mom to put her in dance class. She was excited to start dance. She looked forward to dance every week.
WDAS is my favorite radio station. They operate out of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. On Sunday nights, they have what's called their Sunday Night Throwback. That's when they play old school rhythm and blues music. I am listening right now, online, and they are jamming.
I never know what to get my mother for her birthday. Every time I would ask, she'd tell me not to get her anything. I decided to make her something instead of buying a traditional gift. In the end, I learned how to make a candle. My mom loved it, it was better than anything I could've purchased.
Nicole did not have a serious boyfriend. She went on many dates but was not committed. She was at a bar one night and met a man she was interested in. They began dating. Nicole just got engaged to be married.
Benny was an artist who has been running low on inspiration lately. He went to a coffee shop that he usually goes to. There was someone that he hadn't seen before and started to draw. She noticed and decided to sit next to him. Since then Benny has had enough inspiration for two lifetimes.
Jane went to see an action superhero movie. There was a little boy sitting behind her. The boy kept kicking her chair and snickering. Jane finally turned around and swore at the boy. She was kicked out of the movie theater.
Tom wanted to surprise his parents for their wedding anniversary. Tom arranged for them to ride in a hot air balloon in the countryside. His parents expressed appreciation to Tom for his thoughtfulness. But they told him they were too old to do something like that. Tom was disappointed but he understood.
Dan wanted to visit Norway. Dan arranged to take time from work for a trip to Norway. Dan and his wife flew to Norway that Summer. They had a fantastic time visiting Norway. Now, Dan and his wife visit Norway every Summer, without fail.
Me and my friend went to the beach last Friday. We wanted to get some pizza before we went swimming. We ordered some nice double cheese pizza and ate while chatting. We then put on our bathing suits and went for a swim. After swimming all day, we finally headed back home.
Jake was a viking from Iceland. Jake rode on ships to discover new lands. They would take-over cities. They would gather riches. Jake lived a rich life as a Viking warrior.
Sam never ate sandwiches. He was always invited to sandwich shops with friends. His friends thought they didn't like them whenever he declined. Eventually he felt bad and started going. He still doesn't like sandwiches but at least his friends are happy.
Frank wanted to be wealthy when he grew up. He often would daydream about being wealthy. When he graduated from college he started his own business. His company became very profitable. Eventually Frank became very wealthy.
Erin loved swimming in her pool. She was great at dives and flips. But when her family took a trip to the ocean, she was nervous. This water was much deeper and scarier! But after a few minutes, she dared to venture in.
Remy liked to eat her toast burnt. And her friend, Tom, decided to try it too. But a week later, he became sick. Tom advised Remy that burnt toast probably isn't healthy. But Remy decided to keep her ways.
Millie was anxious to have her surgery. She was having weight loss surgery. She checked into the hospital the night before. When it was time to go to the OR, she was very nervous. After the surgery, she woke up and breathed a sigh of relief.
I have been saving for a new scuba mask. I have almost saved enough to make my purchase. I just need to mow a couple more lawns and I will have enough. I decided to put an ad in the paper for more mowing jobs. I hope someone call soon because I really want the new mask.
Jill loved shoes. She knew she did not need anymore. She decided to go shopping anyway. She found a pair she wanted. She bought them and was very proud of them.
Felix's teacher assigned an important book report, due in 3 weeks. His friends got started on their assignments, but Felix did not. He thought he had lots of time, and didn't start until the day before. But when he went to the library, he saw it was closed for cleaning. Felix failed his class, and learned his lesson about procrastination.
Maude has always wanted loved nature. While her friends love city life, she likes peace and quiet. For her upcoming vacation, she decides to visit Alaska. After a long flight, she finally arrives in Anchorage, Alaska. She feels excited for a few weeks in nature.
Luther was raised up to be a christian. When Luther reached adulthood he thought different. Luther wanted to convert to another religion. Luther wanted to become Jewish. Luther took the steps to convert to Judaism.
Rod made a speech at a wedding. At the end, he made a dirty joke. But nobody laughed! In fact, everybody looked shocked. Rod wished he hadn't told the joke.
The packers were playing the panthers. It was late into the fourth quarter. Aaron Rodgers had just missed a huge pass. He sat angry on the sidelines. He watched the Packers lose the game.
He walked around the park, every day. Today, he felt bored by same old thing. So he decided to go somewhere else. He wondered where he could go. The thought exhausted him, so he went home.
The alarmed rang hard but rick did not wake up. After 30 min he finally woke up. He hurried to get ready. On his way to work there was a lot of traffic. He finally made it to work with 2 minutes to spare.
Lucy and her boyfriend went to the ice rink. The two skated around for awhile. Lucy was losing balance. She ended up falling. She was very embarrassed.
Larry went on a camping trip with his younger brother. During an evening hike, they got separated. Larry called out his brother's name, but there was no answer. As night fell, Larry began to get worried. Larry returned to the campsite, where his brother was waiting for him.
Tom went to an automatic car wash. He drove a hardtop convertible. In the middle of it he accidentally started to put the top down. He tried to correct it as fast as possible. Unfortunately his interior got soaked.
Bill lived in a nice community. He knew the town library was recently constructed. He decided to visit it. He rented many books. He frequented the library regularly and loved it.
Jessie's glasses were broken. She needed them to get anything done. She took a piece of tape and taped her glasses together. Luckily, they held pretty well. She was able to get them really fixed later.
Tim was trying to reheat some pizza. He kept putting it in the microwave but it wouldn't get warm. Eventually he figured out the microwave was broken. He was sad but improvised. He wound up heating up his pizza in the oven.
Today I went to the market to buy a pumpkin to carve. I looked around the store but they only had mini pumpkins. So I drove to the farm across town. The farm had many pumpkins to choose from. I bought the biggest one I could find and took it home.
Alexa loves photography. She went to college for photography. She spent all her free time taking photos. Alexa's parents decided to buy her a camera as a graduation gift. Alexa loves her new camera and takes pictures with it daily.
Jimmy worked for weeks on a sculpture. He was very proud of the way it had turned out. On the way to school he dropped it on the sidewalk! Fearing the worst, he pulled it out of the bag. Jimmy sighed in relief when he saw nothing had been broken.
Jacob loved gorillas a lot. In fact, he liked them more than any other animal. One day, he decided that he was going to see one in real life. He saved his money and bought a plane ticket to the Amazon. Finally, Jacob was able to see a gorilla in the jungle.
My favorite show was on television yesterday. They never show it anymore. I was so excited when I heard. I made my boyfriend watch it with me. I know he likes it too.
Taylor needed a job that she was good at. She was good at cutting hair. She decided to ask the salon if they were hiring. The salon manager told her they were hiring to qualified candidates! Taylor got the job after showing off her skills!
Today was Mary's first day of piano lessons. The teacher came over about 1 O'clock. Mary aced her first lesson and was very happy about it. The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent. The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson.
Tim was at the water park with his family. His older brother convinced him to go on a slide. He told Tim it was short and fun. Tim found out it was long and scary. He didn't get on any more slides after that.
Kate's pet bird sat on the back of the couch. Kate was sitting down to start eating her bowl of soup. She took her eye's off the bird to begin eating her dinner. Suddenly the bird flew off and splashed right into her bowl of soup! Kate learned to always watch her bird very closely!
Kay was middle aged and over the last few years had gained weight. She always struggled with going on diets that did not work. Kay's friend gave her a gift card for her birthday. She went to the mall and bought some new clothes that fit her well. Kay felt great in her new clothes despite her weight.
It was a very hot day. Adam wanted to go swimming. He called his mom to come pick him up. Then he jumped in her pool and cooled off happily. Adam had a great afternoon of swimming!
Penny loved chocolate. She made a chocolate pudding on the stove. She poured it into bowls then put it in the fridge. After dinner, she ate one bowl. It was the best pudding she'd made!
Mark was listening to his favorite song. He thought it could be funny to play it backwards. He opened up some editing software. Then, he played the song backwards. It sounded really lame, and Mark stopped.
Renee has a baby. One day, Courtney asked to hold the baby. Courtney did not know how to hold Renee's baby. Renee showed her how to hold the baby. Courtney was happy to learn how to hold a baby.
Timmy's seventh birthday party was at a bowling alley. He was on a team with two of his friends. They played three games. They lost all of them. Since it was his birthday Timmy didn't care and still had fun.
Mike ran and ran every day in order to train to be the best. He wanted to make his family proud by winning the upcoming race. The day finally came and he eagerly awaited to show the world. He blasted through the competition and placed in first place. He made his family proud and finally felt like he had a purpose,
Marissa was at the mall. Suddenly, a woman came up to her. She explained that she had a petition for the city council. Marissa read through the information. Then, she decided to add her name.
Marsha was a bookworm and a librarian. She always knew what books to recommend to people. Due to an unfortunate series of events, Marsha's library burned down. Despite the circumstances, Marsha opened up a new library. All of the books in this library were from her personal collection.
Samantha had a lot of chores to do. She didn't know which chore to do first! Samantha decided to make a to-do list to get herself organized. Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores. Samantha was able to finish all of her chores!
Magdalen was something short of a miracle or so her dad thought. She was born when the doctors said she would not survive. She came out a healthy strong baby with the blessing from her mom. Her mom passed away while giving life to her, it took her whole body. She was blessed and forever grateful at the miracle of her birth.
Tom was going to turn 80 years old. His family decided to surprise him with a party. Tom was completely shocked. He went into cardiac arrest. Tom never recovered.
Terry was scared of big dogs. On his way to school he had to pass a house with several dogs. He never worried about it because they were locked up in a fence. One day the latch had been left open. The dogs chased Terry and he never went past that house again.
Filling up my car seems to get more and more expensive. When I fill up my car I just get angry. Even when I choose the cheapest gas, it is still expensive. The numbers go up and up while I am filling my car tank. I wish I didn't have to drive anymore.
Richard always wished he had a better relationship with his dad. He decided to call his dad and meet him for dinner. At dinner, richard was able to talk through a lot of the issues. Both Richard and his dad were glad they were able to talk. Richard and his dad are closer because Richard initiated the contact.
All Raymond wanted for Christmas was a new puppy. Ray could not wait to have a puppy because he wanted a friend. After much convincing to his parents, Ray finally was able to get one. His parents took him to the pet store so he could pick one out. Ray's eyes landed on a cute lab and the family took it home.
Sammy got a new box of crayons. He colored in all of his coloring books. Then he started coloring on the table, the walls and the furniture. Sammy got into big trouble with his parents. Now Sammy only colors in his high chair.
One sunny afternoon, my daughter Kelly came in the house. She had been out riding her horse on the trails. She seemed confused and tired when I tried to talk to her. She said she had fallen of the horse and didn't remember much. After taking her to the doctors I was relieved that she was okay.
Ethan told himself he wouldn't browse the web today. A lot of people wanted him to work on things online. He told them he was trying to stop. He left the conversation. He stayed true to his resolve.
Sam was using the restroom. He realized there was no toilet paper left. He had to use napkins to clean himself. Sam was uncomfortable. He bought more toilet paper immediately.
Jane was late for school. So she decided to have cereal for breakfast instead of pancakes. But after she put cereal in a bowl, she could not find any milk. She continued to search. But ended up putting the cereal in a bag and taking it with her.
John was running around his neighborhood for exercise. He saw a small dog run towards him. He noticed the dog began barking and acting aggressively. John began sprinting. John outran the small dog.
The siblings were having an argument. Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other. They went into another room and kept the fight going. They both got sent to their rooms. The siblings were angry with each other.
I took my son to work once when he was seven. I bought a toy parachute. We went to the top floor of the atrium in our building. We threw the parachute over the balcony. He was very amused by this.
Anna was stung at a picnic. The insect bit her hand. Her entire arm swelled and reddened! Anna's mom rushed her to the hospital. There, they gave her medicine to reduce the swelling.
Michael was walking on the busy street. He found a $20 bill on the floor and looked around him. People were going by, but no one stopped next to him. Michael asked around to see if anyone lost a bill. When no one answered, he put the bill in his wallet and continued on.
I went on a whale watch with two coworkers in 1980. One person got seasick, while the other did not. We saw a lot of whales. I asked the person who was not seasick out on a date. We got married a year later.
Cindy has an uncle. His name is Henry. Henry is a bad diabetic. He got a sore on his big toe. Henry had to get his big toe amputated.
Joanne bought a new pan at the store. When she got home she cleaned it. She cooked veggies in it but a strange smell emanated from the pan. She removed the veggies but the smell was still there. The next day she returned the pan as it was releasing toxic odors.
Johnny made the shot that won the game. His girlfriend Carol came up and hugged him afterwards. She told him she was proud of him. His teammates asked him to come out with them to celebrate. He told them it was his date night and he couldn't.
The kids were hungry after school. Their mom made them some chicken nuggets. They ate the whole bag in one sitting. Soon, it was time for dinner. The kids were too full from nuggets to eat!
When our kids were young they wanted to fly kites. We bought some at a department store. We tried to fly them in an open field near our home. I was out of breath trying to run the kites up. We eventually got both kites up high.
I needed to solve a system of equations. I was using traditional algebra. My friend saw this and said I should use Gaussian reduction. I researched Gaussian reduction and learned the method. It worked great for solving a system of equations.
Ryan woke up one morning with a swollen foot. His mom took him to the doctor to see what was wrong. The doctor told him it looked like his toe was infected. They had to do surgery on it. Ryan felt better the next morning.
Jane's co-worker tried texting her several times to reach out to her. She told him to leave him alone or else she would call the cops. The next day, Jane was working. The co-worker came to say hi. Jane immediately freaked out and called the boss.
Tim was just hired at a new job. He didn't really want to work there. Unfortunately Tim needed the money. He did the least possible to keep the job. Tim looked for a better one and quit as soon as he found it.
Tom was getting fast food. They called his order number. Unfortunately it wasn't tom's food. The number they called before him returned to the counter. They had the wrong food also and exchanged.
Sara wanted to have a baby. She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late. Sara prayed and kept trying to get pregnant. She went to a routine women's health check up. She was thrilled when the doctor told her she was pregnant.
Kate wanted to learn archery. She joined a club at her university. She was terrible! But, she committed to practicing her skills. Eventually, she became the top archer in her club.
Cal shuffled into his kitchen to make a pot of coffee. He changed the filter and put the new ground coffee in. He turned on the coffee machine and went to use the bathroom. Cal heard a tremendous cracking sound from the kitchen! He'd forgotten to add the water so the carafe had heated up and broke!
Susan had a secret crush in class. She wanted to find out if he felt the same about her. She mustered up her courage and wrote a note. While the teacher wasn't looking she passed it to him. He smiled at her and replied back yes.
Morgan felt sick. Her new car had been hit on the street! The other person didn't leave a note. She had to call her insurance company to file a claim. She was very angry about the hit and run!
Jenny wanted to lose some weight. She decided to diet and exercise. Jenny ate a lot of salad. She did a lot of Zumba classes at the gym. She lost five pounds in a month!
Courtney had a little gray cat named Penelope. As a kitten, Penelope never had any health problems. A few years later, she noticed that the cat was no longer eating. The vet told her she had stomach cancer. A few weeks later, Penelope passed away.
Peter played his heart out! He was at the last note of his instrumental song. No, he made a mistake! Calmly, he took a breath and tried again. He finished off superbly!
Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home. He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire. Tim went to the store to get new wire. When he got home he tried to install it. The wire he just bought was the wrong size and Tim failed.
Ricky loved the new bike he received for his birthday. He climbed on the bike, afraid to ride without training wheels. His dad held the back of the bike as he began riding. When he turned around he saw his father far behind. Ricky smiled as he realized he was riding all by himself.
Tina wanted to scare people. She put on a dinosaur costume. She found an old lady. She went up to her and screamed. The lady was so scared she passed out.
My family went camping in New England. I formed my first crush on a blond boy. His name was Henry. Henry and I went to the pond. He pushed me in.
Eric is a very talented musician. He plays the trumpet and violin very well. He had played ever since he was a child. Everyone always told him that nothing will ever become of it. He proved them wrong because today he was offered a music scholarship.
Tina went to go take a shower. She gathered her towel and pajamas. When she was done with her shower she realized she had no deodorant. She looked in her cabinet and saw some baby powder. Tina used the baby powder as a substitute for deodorant.
Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house. The lady came and started cleaning. She cleaned the bathroom, kitchen, front room, and bedrooms. She then washed the windows. Marsha paid the lady, and she left.
Tina's mother was getting older. She fell down twice in a week. Tina was worried about her mother staying alone. Tina hired a sitter to stay with her mom. Tina was more comfortable about her mom staying at home.
Ike hated having to start high school with long shaggy hair. But he knew his mom couldn't afford a haircut on her tight salary. Ike, resolute, went to the school with his head held high. And there, he saw that the other boys had long shaggy hair, too. Ike's hair wasn't ugly after all - it was very stylish!
Tim was athletic but didn't like sports. He decided to pursue cheerleading instead. It was a good way to get scholarships. He was able to go to a good college because of it. He also got to hang out with a lot of attractive girls.
Mel wanted to buy a motorcycle. He had no money to buy one. He went to find a second job. He found work near his home. Soon, Mel was able to buy the bike.
I played baseball for a while as a kid. I was left handed and that made it difficult. It was hard to find a proper baseball mitt. I always got stuck playing right field. After I discovered comic books I never played baseball again.
Mark was looking for some extra cash. He noticed a flier for a hot-dog eating contest. He decided to enter and spent all week practicing. The contest began and he was doing really well. Unfortunately, he threw up and was disqualified.
Laby was waiting for a bus on the corner. She was casually checking her phone. She heard a vehicle stop on the corner. Laby walked to the vehicle and opened the door. As she started to get in, she realized it wasn't a bus.
Colby was at the orthodontist's office. He was having braces put on soon and they needed a mold of his jaw. They put a yucky pink putty in his mouth. When it had hardened, they roughly yanked it out. Colby hated it but luckily it was over quickly.
My neighbors got a new dog. My neighbors are not properly training their dog. The dog constantly poops wherever it pleases. I confronted my neighbors about the dog poop. They started to teach their dog where and where not to poop.
Lucy heard her mom talking about a friend. She said the woman had a bun in the oven. Lucy didn't know what the expression meant. When the friend visited their house later, Lucy spoke up. She asked if the woman took her bun out of the oven yet.
Dipa was feeling like having a treat. She decided to make herself a glass of mango lassi. She grabbed some mangoes, plain yogurt, and some ice. After it was all blended, she poured some for herself. Dipa was very pleased with her lassi.
Remy had a hard upbringing. Her mom was always out with various men and ignored her. She treated her boyfriend so bad, that he broke up with her. She was so devastated, she went to a psychologist. The lady told her to get over her childhood issues and learn to love.
I was driving to the store the other night. I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off. We were stopped at a stoplight. I flashed my high beams at him. He noticed and turned his lights on.
Courtney got a new TV for Christmas. The remote only had 5 buttons. She did not know how to work it. She spent hours searching the internet for instructions. She finally learned how to control the TV a week later.
Petra saw something scurry across her floor. It was a mouse! She was terrified. She jumped onto the kitchen counter and screamed. Her husband came and killed the mouse.
An illusionist came to our town last summer. He claimed he could become two people. One day he appeared in both his house and mine, simultaneously. The whole neighborhood was amazed. Then I discovered there wasn't one illusionist, but a pair of twins.
Saturday was the annual neighborhood picnic. Sally had to decide what dish to bring to share with her neighbors. She walked down every aisle at the store trying to pick something. She finally decided to buy an assortment of cookies. Her neighbors loved the cookies and ate every last one.
Susie taught Math. She decided to give a pop quiz. Her students were not very prepared. Most of them failed it. Susie knew she would need to re-teach the material.
Lisa had damaged hair. She tried everything to fix it. But nothing would help. It was too dry. So she had to cut it off.
Gina needed to go to the library downtown. But her parents wouldn't take her. She needed to find a way to obtain books about dolphins. Her only other option was to ask the local library to order them. Gina grabbed her backpack, and headed to the library.
Gina was on the playground by herself. She didn't want to seem like she cared that she was alone. She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground. She hoped it would look like she was exercising. She wanted to avoid looking pathetic.
Eli had broken a picture frame. He cleaned up the glass as best as he could. Eli was walking on the floor barefooted. He felt a sharp pain. Eli realized he had stepped on a piece of the glass.
Frank was a retiree who was living alone in a small neighborhood. All the other families in the neighborhood had young children. Because of this demographic, he had no friends nearby. One day, a new elderly couple moved in next door to him. Frank was thrilled and made friends with his new neighbors.
There was an online deal for a television set. Since I had money at the time, I bought the TV. However, the TV broke after a week. Another deal appeared on the same day. It was for a bigger TV that had better quality.
Henry needed a new chair. He shopped at all the major furniture stores. Everything was over his budget. On the way home he saw a chair on the side of the road. He refinished it in his style.
Barry recently was experiencing shortness of breath. Barry's doctor recommended a chest x-ray. Barry was nervous, but knew he had to do it. After the procedure, Barry realized it was quite effortless. Barry was relieved to decide to go through with the chest x-ray.
I worked at an elementary school in Hawaii. Gardening was one of the student's' class periods. For snack, the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown. The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids. The kids were all excited and proud of the fruits of their labor!
Carol never liked to wash the dishes. Her apartment was too small for a dishwasher. So when she moved she wanted a dishwasher. She picked out the one with the best reviews. So when she moved that was her first purchase.
I was standing outside of my house. And I saw a man on a bicycle. He was going up and down the sidewalk. And he decided to go to my neighbor's porch. I was confused when I saw him carry away one of their garbage bags.
The local cafe has a lot of paintings. One of the artists came in and explained his work. We were impressed at his skill, but were surprised at what happened. The real artist came in and called that guy a fraud. They got into a fight and were arrested.
One of my daughter's friends got married last weekend. One of her bridesmaids got into a fight that night. She hit her husband and he beat her up. She called the police and he was arrested. The fight overshadowed the wedding.
Beth signed up for her school's spelling bee. She wanted to win so she studied every chance she got. She had all of her friends and her parents help her. She went to the spelling bee with her parents. She spelt every word right and won.
I lost my bag at a festival. Then my girlfriend kicked me out. I stayed at a friends for a while. He gave me his old bag and some advice on life that I still remember. He told me that you always have to move forward and never backwards.
Chris Cross was annoyed. He'd won a trip to Barbados. Unfortunately he didn't have a job. He tried to bargain with the trip provider to get cash instead. They laughed him out of the office.
Matt wanted to be a bodybuilder. He was skinny. So he started to eat more and work out. Now he is muscular. He has been to a bodybuilding show.
My mom placed several groceries in the house. Since she was broke last week, I asked her where she got money. She said she managed to find help. A few hours later, I looked into my bank account. I realized that there was no balance in my account.
Ed forgot that he had to write a speech for his public speaking class. When the teacher called on him, he decided to wing it entirely. Ed rambled on for 13 minutes before the teacher stopped him. The teacher told him that nothing he spoke about was relevant. The class booed the teacher because they loved hearing Ed rant.
We have a draft every year to pick our players. We often times meet up and are in the same room. It provides an opportunity for good bantering. My brother this year thought he had the best team. But he didn't and now he is in last place.
Angelina is 40 years old. When she was in school she learned she had a learning disability. She mostly had the hardest time with learning grammar. Now that she's 40 she wants to see if she can improve in this area. So she hired a tutor and is now taking daily grammar classes.
Taylor was walking around the neighborhood. A large bulldog was resting near his dog house. Taylor was scared to walk past it. Therefore, he walked slowly around it. It woke up for an instant but went back to sleep afterwards.
My wife and I are Twilight Zone fans. We were excited about the New Year's marathon on the Sci-fi channel. Then I read the shows were cut. We stopped watching the shows. We bought the series on DVD.
Tina bought a face cream for her sister. Since her sister had a bump on her arm, she put the face cream on it. A few days later, a rash formed around the bump. She tried to wash it with hot water. It increased in size.
Allie wanted a tattoo. She begged her mom for one. Her mom said no. So she went herself to get it. Unfortunately she was not allowed to because she was underage.
Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog. She worked hard all week. Finally on the weekend Jane was ready to go. She took the bus to Coney Island. When she got there she had a great hotdog.
Ivan was running in his class race. He started off slowly. But then he found his groove. He began to accelerate as he ran. Ivan ran so fast, he came in second place!
Howie raced across the playground to the slide. He started the climb up the ladder. At the top, he looked down the long slide toward the ground. He sat down and pushed off whipping down the slide. He landed at the bottom with a laugh and got in line for another turn.
Anna went hiking one fall day. She saw a bear lumber up to a mountain stream. But before she could panic, he walked away from her area. Then she saw that he was hunting fish. Anna was relieved that he wasn't attacking her!
Sara needed a black dress for a function. She had looked at many stores for one. She finally found the perfect one. It was out of Sara's budget. She decided to splurge anyway and buy it.
I play baseball in an adult league. Last week, we had our last home game. I was up to bat and I hit a double. My teammate also got a hit and I was able to score. We won the game and it was a good time.
I sent a friend request to a beautiful young girl on Facebook. She accepted my friend request. We chatted for hours and loved knowing each other. I proposed to her when we first met outside of Facebook. She agreed and we are happily married now.
The baby was cranky. His mom made him a bottle. He gulped it down quickly. His crankiness was gone. The bottle had made him a very happy baby!
Michelle and Gary went hiking yesterday. They were walking along the trail when they spotted a bear. It was laying on the ground and they thought it was dead. Gary poked the bear with stick. The bear woke up and ran off.
Lexi decided to join Habitat for Humanity. She immediately got to work on a small house. It took weeks to finish the place. When they finally finished, they gave the keys to a family in need. Lexi felt so good helping someone in need.
Vick used to love to eat meat. One day he saw a terrible video. It showed animals being abused for food. Vick decided to never eat meat again. Vick hasn't eaten meat for over 10 Years!
Martin was ready for his biggest trick yet. He set up the ramp, making sure to line it up right. This was it, his big moment. He started pedaling towards the ramp full speed. He launched in the air, nearly clearing the whole driveway.
My dad learned how to waterski when he was only four years old. He learned to ski because all of his older brothers skied. He wanted to be just like them. He once entered a skiing contest. He ended up beating his older brothers!
Colby had a dream to build his own treehouse. He went to the lumberyard and bought all of his supplies. He called his friends to come help him build it. They made ladders and slides to go in and out of it. The treehouse became a great place to play.
All the girls in Allie's class were invited to Beth's birthday party. Except for Allie, that is. That made her very sad. The day before, Beth asked her why she hadn't RSVP'd. Allie was invited but accidentally hadn't gotten an invitation.
Tracy went to the store to buy her daughter's school supplies. The store was out of two of the items on the list. Tracy visited another store. They didn't have the last two supplies either. Tracy ordered the last two items online.
Tim was walking home. He saw a dog on the side of the road. Tim pulled over to check on it. The dog had a collar. Tim called the number and returned it.
Today is trash day. I had to scurry around the house. I collected all the individual bins. I sorted out the items that can be recycled. I just barely got the trash to the curb in time!
Sue loved to shop. She always found the best deals. One day she went shoe shopping. She racked up on some great deals. Sue bought 10 pairs of shoes for $100.
The little boy played with his airplane by the tree. He had a great time until it flew too high and got stuck in a branch. The little boy tried, but he couldn't climb up after it. The boy went in the house and sadly watched his plane from the window. To the boys delight a big wind came along, blowing the plane down.
One day I went out, leaving our cat home alone. I went downstairs and sat on the bench, reading. When I came back  I saw the door was ajar. I was in a panic, but I saw the cat was on the bed. I make sure the door is closed when I leave now.
Suzy noticed her feet were hurting. They felt squished into her shoes. So she went to get her feet measured. Then she saw that she was wearing shoes three sizes too small. She was horrified and immediately bought the proper pair.
Mindy had always loved doodling, especially on her school desks. Though her art teacher was thrilled, the others weren't as enthused. Eventually her doodling habit got her suspended. The teachers hoped this would finally knock some sense into her. But Mindy wasn't deterred - she couldn't wait to start with graffiti!
Tanya went fishing one day. She caught a bluegill. Tanya cooked it up by a fire. She ate the whole fish, including eyeballs, with Sunchips. Tanya's friend Laura looked at her disgusted.
Jake loved card games. His favorite was Pokemon. Unfortunately nobody else wanted to play with him. He was forced to play the game alone. Eventually jake gave it up and moved on.
The woman took a day off in the week. It was her birthday. She went to lunch with her friends. They gave her presents. She thanked each of them.
Jill was a brand new wife to her wonderful husband James. She realized she was pregnant and told James and he was so happy. Jill and James couldn't wait to be parents and have their baby. They set up a room for the baby and celebrated every night. Jill had everything she wanted, a wonderful husband and a baby!
Brooke listened to the singer in awe. She was seven years old, but she wanted to be just like that singer. When she was nine, her parents bought her a piano. She followed her dreams and began performing at age eighteen. Brooke never forgot the night she first decided to become a singer.
Abby was having trouble with her laptop and it was annoying her. She tried everything she could to get it to work. Finally she decided to restart it one last time. To her surprised, restarting it again actually worked. Abby was happy and relieved she got it working again.
My sister-in-law B loved to nibble on raw hamburger. One day we were on vacation together. B made hamburgers for us. Later at night she had stomach cramps. I think it was because she ate raw hamburger.
Kate's mom made her do the laundry. It took hours to wash the clothes for the house. She poured baskets of clothes onto the couch in the living room. Her mother saw the piles and gasped. Kate was forced to spend 2 hours folding all the clothes on the couch.
An owner of a pizza shop became friends with the owner of a taco shop. They gave each other advertisements to display in the other's shop. The next week they both had more customers than usual. The pizza shop owner asked customers where he heard of his shop. They told him that they saw an ad in the taco shop.
Paul was growing lots of flowers. He started them out in the greenhouse. Once they bloomed, he got ready to move them outside. The greenhouse was full of beautiful blooms. Paul couldn't wait to see them all planted outside.
Tina bought colored art markers for her students. She had hoped they would take great care of them. However, Tina's markers ended up dried out in a short time. Tina scolded her students for mistreating supplies. Tina began thinking about how to help them respect supplies next time.
Arpad and their mother planted all sorts of squashes in the spring. They took great care of the plants. They were careful to keep them watered as well as keep pests away. What they did not know is how readily squash species hybridize. At the end of the summer they had a bunch of inedible mutants.
At midnight on Maple Street a man was murdered. His body was found in the middle of the street. The police searched for the murderer. Finally they figured out who it was. They arrested the murdered.
I'm not a big reader. Just like the majority of Americans. Recently however, I started a book series. I can't get enough of them. All I do now is read all day.
Thomas went to a party with his friends. There was a bowl of fruit punch at the table. Thomas got himself a glass of punch. He got distracted by someone talking to him. He started walking, and tripped, spilling punch all over his friend.
Chris's car started overheating. He pulled over on the side of the highway. He called AAA. They sent someone quickly. They got him back on the road again.
I went to the store to buy a pair of shorts. I wore them to track practice. I was told that they were racing shorts. My coach didn't let me wear them to practice anymore. I kept them but didn't wear them much.
Julie loves kids and has three of her own. She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house. Her husband was a little nervous about money when Julie quit. Then he noticed that Julie makes even more from this daycare. Julie has started a pretty good little business.
Dan recently entered his dog into a ugly dog contest. As Dan arrived, he was shocked to see how other dogs looked. In addition, Dan was shocked to see how others were looking at him. Dan realized that his dog was not as ugly as he thought. Dan laughed because his dog looked real good compared to other dogs.
Nancy thought her hair made her look ugly. She decided to go to a beauty shop for a new hair style. While she was there, she noticed a girl being cruel to her brother. Nancy's new hair style turned out great. Yet, Nancy learned the way you treat others is what makes you pretty.
Zane started to walk to school when he met his cousin Endie. Zane and India began to run because they were running late. They arrived at school just as the first bell rang. They shared the same schedule and their first class was art. As soon as Zane and Endie got to class, the tardy bell rang.
Lily was cleaning her living room. She was throwing some junk into a box when she heard a crack. She realized that her favorite DVD had broken in half. She was so upset because she loved that movie. Luckily she found a replacement online.
Ben wanted to make an igloo. He went in his yard with his brick mold. Then he made many solid bricks. He stacked them in round rows on top of one another. Soon Ben's igloo was complete!
Tim wanted to lose weight. So he decided to go jogging. He jogged on the sidewalk, along a busy street. He smelled jog but continued for another half hour. When Time arrived back home, his lungs welt weak.
Kate's niece and nephew loved to play on their tablets. One day her niece's tablet stopped working. Kate was unable to fix it. The children began to argue over the remaining tablet. Kate knew she would have to buy another one to keep the peace.
Jan was speeding down the expressway. She was pulled over by a police officer. She tried to convince him not to write her a ticket. The police officer could not be swayed. Jan broke into tears after he handed her the ticket.
Gina's brother Jay had been gone for a week. No one had even heard from him. When he returned, he had a long talk with his dad. The teen had to improve his attitude. Or his father would put him out of the house.
While I was driving, I couldn't focus clearly because of my headache. My car started to sway back and forth. I tried to straighten it out however, it continued to move. The right side of the car collided with another car. I had to park in the grass in order to see the damages.
Tyler's kids were getting too much screen time. He wanted to make some new rules for screens. He decided they needed to do more activities. They both signed up for clubs and sports. Everyone seemed much happier.
John went to the casino last night. I was a little jealous. I could not go. He had a fun night. He won a little money too.
Joe was going hiking in the morning. So Joe slept early. Joe then woke up early and got ready and packed his gear. Joe got in his car and drove towards hiking trail. Joe hiked two miles then left home.
Morgan lost her phone charger. She couldn't find it anywhere. She looked throughout her house and her car. Finally, she found the cat behind the couch with the charger. She had dragged it there by the cord!
Carrie wanted to start a landscaping business. She bought a lawnmower and garden tools. She hired an assistant. She advertised her business to homeowners with lawns. On her first job she mowed the lawn and trimmed the trees.
Neil was visiting Greece. He couldn't wait to see Athens! He was very interested in Greek history. His first stop was the ancient Acropolis. He took a guided tour and learned so much about the ruins!
Kate lost her cat. She asked the neighbors if they saw it. The cat was inside. They thought it was a stray. Kate got her cat back.
Stacey was afraid of tripping on stage at graduation. She practiced walking in heels. She walked up and down stairs in them. When the time came, She walked across the stage. She received her diploma without a single wobble.
Linda went to a karaoke party. She had vowed not to sing anything. But then she heard the other attendees singing. None were great, but nobody mocked anyone else! Finally Linda found the courage to sing her own song!
Toby found a wallet full of money while walking through the park. He was in great need of money, so he considered keeping the wallet. Instead, he turned the wallet over to the police. Three days later, the owner of the wallet contacted him. She gave Toby two hundred dollars as a reward.
Stephen was worried that he couldn't get home to see his family. Because he had so little money he knew he couldn't fly. Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it. He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane! Though it took a little longer, he could go see his family on the bus.
Des asked Rick to take the trash out. Rick kept postponing it. He said he'd do it in the morning. She woke at noon and went to check. But it was still sitting in the kitchen!
Anna did not want to get up early. She knew she had to go to work. But getting up was so hard! She wished she could sleep in every day. Anna vowed to one day become rich so she could sleep in.
Joan was impatient with the line at airport security. When she set her stuff on the conveyor belt, an alarm sounded. The security person asked what was in Joan's purse. Joan was puzzled until the security person drew out some coins. She watched embarrassed as a mountain of coins was dumped out.
Dan recently asked his teenage son to help him mow the lawn. The teenage quickly stated that he had homework to do. Dan, believing the excuse mowed the lawn himself. However, when Dan went to check on his son, he was asleep. Dan realized that he had a lazy teenager on his hands.
Jerry had an assignment due, that he had been procrastinating on. He rushed to the computer lab to finish it. Arriving a few hours before it was due. He finished the assignment in an hour. He submitted it a few minutes before it was due, and got an A.
Timmy loved his big balloon. He was carrying it around everywhere. All of a sudden it got snagged on a nail and popped. Timmy freaked out. Someone was nice enough to get him a replacement.
Jeremy went to his parents house to gather things from his childhood. In the basement he found old jars of playdough. He tried to play with it but they were solid as a rock. He threw the jars away in the trash. He went home and bought fresh playdough to replace the old stuff.
Ben has never stayed in a large city. He was in New York for a business trip. Ben had never used a taxi before. He was confused how to hail a taxi. Ben figured out what to do and finally caught a taxi.
Joanna cleaned her closet Sunday. She found an old pair of ballerina shoes. She put them on for fun. And she danced for over an hour in her house. When she was done, she decided to sign up for ballet class again.
Ed was visiting California. He decided to try surfing. He paddled out into a wave. At first he could barely stand on the board! But gradually, he got a little better at surfing.
I can't wait! Basketball season is finally here. Training camp opens in a few days. I've dedicated my life to basketball. And, I am excited to see what happens this season.
At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number. He brought this to the attention of a supervisor. The supervisor looked up the part and saw that one was mislabeled. The supervisor told Greg to make a new label for the mislabeled one. After Greg made the label, there was no more confusion with parts.
Kim sat on a bench in the park. She was supposed to be writing her next children's book. Unfortunately, she had no ideas. She laughed as a squirrel ran by being chased a goose. She jumped up suddenly, filled with inspiration after the funny sight.
My friend invited me over to his house. I put on my clothes and went outside. I began to walk down the sidewalk. I noticed the wind picked up and it began to rain. I ran to my friends house covered in water.
Dan was excited to claim his prize in the cereal box. He tore the bag of cereal and began digging. His face lit up when his hand grazed plastic among the cereal. The toy was much smaller than on the commercial. Dan was so upset he gave the toy to his brother.
Nick and his friend started their bicycle race down the street. Panting, Nick pedaled as fast as he could. His friend slowly began to pass him. In the end, Nick's friend won the race. Nick blamed his loss on how old his bicycle was.
Timmy wanted to play his big brother in tennis. Timmy always lost to him. They played very determined to win. It was a tie game and then Timmy served the ball. The ball hit his brother in the leg to win the game!
Bay was upset. Her doll had just lost an arm! She took the doll to her mom, crying. But her mom smiled and told her not to worry. Within an hour her mom had sewed the arm back on good as new!
Mary is having a tennis match with Karen. Karen serves a fast ball and Mary misses the return. In frustration, Mary slams her racket to the ground. The racket is bent and is unusable. Mary does not have a spare and had to forfeit the match.
Tim had a really bad anger problem. He had been going to anger management classes. Tim had recently taken up yoga as a way to relieve stress. He practiced various exercises after dinner everyday. Tim was able to control his anger with the help of doing yoga.
Tim decided to go home for the holidays. He took his girlfriend to meet his family. They spent a week at his old house. Tim's family really liked his girlfriend. His girlfriend really liked them too.
Every Thanksgiving, Josie broke the wishbone with her father. It was their tradition since she was three years old. She waited patiently as her whole family sat down to their meal. She got up from her seat when her mother started clearing the table. She got the wishbone and went to find her father.
Tim was looking at pictures of a crush. He was deep into her old pics on her facebook. Tim accidentally clicked that he liked one. He immediately felt like a creeper for liking such an old picture. It was obvious he was looking through them.
Gina tried to run across the street in the rain. She held her pants high to prevent it from touching any puddles. However, a large puddle was blocking her way to the next street. She stepped back and decided to run towards it. With a large leap, she was able to reach the other side.
Tim and May stopped rowing their canoe. They were mesmerized by the acrobatics of the fish in the lake. One fish in his efforts to catch mosquitoes had not planned on a boat. The trout flopped right into the children's canoe. Tim fell on the fish to keep it from escaping.
My kindergarten class found baby rabbits at recess. They wanted to bring them inside. I took the bunnies and got a coworker. We returned the bunnies to their hole. Their mom was there to greet them.
I noticed that my fish tank was getting dirty. I scooped the fish out of the tank. I dumped the water out into the yard. I cleaned the walls out and refilled the water. I put my fish back into the aquarium.
My family and I went to a dog breeder's house. We were looking for a new puppy to bring home! After searching for the perfect dog, we found a Golden Retriever. She was so cute! We brought her home and named her Lily!
Lana was shopping for a coat. She was having a hard time choosing between a few. The store was going to close soon so she needed to pick. Finally, she just flipped a coin. She was able to pick one and quickly paid for it.
My family went to a local farm for a Christmas tree. The farm offered two types of trees. We decided to cut our own Blue Spruce tree. Once it was cut down we used a cart to bring it to the car. Then we took the tree home in our trunk.
Loraine was on a hike with her mom and dad. It was pretty long and she was getting really tired. She complained to her parents for a few minutes. Then, her mom promised she could have ice cream at the end. Loraine picked up her pace and happily finished the trail.
Hillary loved her local diner they even had a soda fountain. She brought in a date who was wearing a yamaka. The man behind the counter said they wouldn't serve Jews. Hillary became very irate and began to yell. Her date calmed her down and Hillary decided never to go back.
The dog wanted to go outside. I was tired of the cold. I opened the door and propped it open. I let her go outside by herself. She was perfectly contained by the fence, and I could sit and relax.
Every time I go to the movies I get popcorn. Last time I went to the movies I got there a little too late. I was so late that I couldn't get any popcorn. The movie was good, but I missed out on having popcorn. I'll never be late to the movies again.
It was December twentieth and Dana cashed his check. He wanted to give his twelve year old son a good Christmas. First, Dana counted out his rent money. He had twenty three dollars left for Christmas. He didn't know how to tell his son his father had no money for gifts.
Smoke appeared on the horizon. Benji raced towards it, shovel in hand. As he crested the hill, he saw it was just a campfire. The campers were startled by Benji's sudden appearance. They quickly overcame their surprise and invited him to join them.
Bill wasn't feeling too well so he decided to go to the hospital. When he got to see the doctor they performed several tests. The doctor told him that he had a fatty liver and needed another visit. The time passed by and Bill never went for the follow up. Not heeding the warning Bill died one year later from cancer.
John was drinking while driving. John hit someone with his car. John had severely injured a passenger. The passenger would die in the hospital. John was arrested for a dui homicide.
The network wanted to start a new show. They interviewed lots of potential hosts. Finally, they decided on a budding star. She was an instant hit! The network had great success with their new starlet.
Jake's grandfather owned an old antique store. When he was on vacation, Jake visited his grandad at the store. Jake's grandfather gave him an old, antique coffee pot. Years later, Jake's grandpa died and the store closed down. Jake never made coffee, but the coffee pot reminds him of his grandad.
Ariel decided to learn a new language. She selected French. She practiced for a minimum of half an hour every day. She started to become fluent within a year. She booked herself on a trip to Paris to celebrate.
Each year the Smith family went on vacation. They have traveled many different places. This year they wanted a simple trip. The family decided to rent an rv. They went camping and had a great time.
Paul was always misplacing his belongings. He wanted to go to the bar with his friends. When they got there they were carded. Paul looked in every pocket for his id. He could not find it and was not allowed to enter.
The man wanted to have a barbecue. He invited lots of friends over. He bought lots of meat. It poured down rain on the day of the barbecue. The man had to cancel the barbecue.
Rita decided she wanted to raise money for her favorite charity. She first tried to get people to donate money. That process wasn't successful. Finally, she opted to have a fashion show and take donations. The show was a success and she collect thousands of dollars.
My son and I were out hiking. We came across an old, rusty bear trap. I explained to my son what it was. He was so sad that we cut our trip short. On the way home he stared out the window.
After school, I was walking home from the bus. I got a phone call before I reached my house. It was my cousin on the phone. As tired as I am, I tried to listen. I became alert as soon as I heard the word "pregnant."
Jane had to get her brother from the airport. His flight was getting in at nine. She work up early in the morning to be on-time. She drove down to the airport. When she got there, she learned that he meant nine at night.
My neighbor Dionne had sugar ants in her apartment. The exterminator used ant bait. After a month, she still had ants. They ended up fumigating her unit. She is now free of sugar ants.
Jennifer and her husband wanted to go out to eat. They couldn't agree on one place. So instead of arguing, they came up with a solution. They decided to play rock, paper, scissors. Jennifer won rock over scissors, and they had Italian for dinner.
Pete wasn't looking where he was going. He crashed into another car. His insurance company paid for the damage. Pete was happy it hadn't been worse. He said he would be more careful in the future.
Winters are cold and snowy where we live. My daughter has often left school in a snowstorm and no coat or boots. She refused to wear them and said she wasn't cold. In the Spring she will sometimes wear a coat. But the next winter she thinks she does not need one.
I was sitting on the bench today. An ambulance pulled up to the door. A few minutes later they took out a man in his 40s. He said he dropped a knife into his foot. I wished him good luck.
Marco had a pitch to give. He got on a plane. It landed in New York. He went to the client office. They really liked the pitch.
The man stubbed his toe. He thought it was broke. He called the doctor. The doctor made a house call. He told the man that his toe was fine.
I was listening to music on my iPod. Suddenly, my iPod stopped working. I looked around for an alternative. I found an old CD Player and CD case. I found an appealing CD to listen to.
Simon wanted to learn a new language. So he decided to learn Spanish. He became fluent in Spanish in a year. And he was proud of what he accomplished. But only a few of his friends could speak Spanish with him.
Marietta was convinced by a friend to join a rebel group. The authorities sought an informant in the group. Marietta was then convinced to betray the group. Members of the rebel group found out about the betrayal. She was shunned by members of the rebel group.
John was trying to have a romantic night. He lit a lot of candles for mood lighting. He accidentally tipped one over. In his panic John tipped several others over. Eventually the entire apartment building had to be evacuated.
Kate bought a space heater from the store. She wanted it to warm her room. But it had an odd chemical smell. She decided to run it in a ventilated space to burn the fumes off. She prayed that would solve the problem.
Timmy was an average healthy man. Yesterday, he noticed a sore on his arm. He went to the doctors to get it checked out. It was a minor rash. It went away by itself.
Amy and her mother were at her Aunt's graduation. Amy was crying which distracted her mom. Her mother let her hold the Polaroid pictures. Amy put the pictures in her purse for safekeeping. When they left she forgot to pick up her purse.
I threw a surprise party for my husband. I sent out invitations. I decorated our house. The guests hid in our living room. They all jumped out and yelled, "SURPRISE!"
The Americans now have a base to attack Japan from. They've staged submarines at Midway Island. From there they submarines can reach Japan's home waters. Five or six submarines go out on patrol at a time. Every month they manage to sink over 100,000 tons of enemy shipping.
Tom bought a new phone and got a new number. He started getting random calls on it. Apparently people were looking for the person who had the number last. Tom kept telling them it wasn't him but they kept calling. Eventually Tom decided to get a different number.
Jill decided that she wasn't going to do homework anymore. She felt that it was not productive. Jill's parents intervened and told Jill she had to do it anyway. Jill tried to show them research about homework's effectiveness. Jill's parents were unswayed, and Jill had to do the work she missed.
I spent an hour unlocking my itunes id. I had two accounts. One was linked to an expired email. I called Apple Support and had to talk for an hour. I finally get everything resolved.
I had a group project due last week. It was my job to put the powerpoint together. I spent a lot of time on the powerpoint, especially the research. My group did not do a good job though. We got a C on the project.
Pam had a pen pal when she was 8. They wrote each other for 3 years. Pam suddenly stopped writing her pen pal. Ten years later, Pam ran into her pen pal. Pam and her pen pal are now best friends that hang out all the time.
Dan was out on the lake with his friends on a boating trip. Dan noticed a bad storm approaching, and got scared. During the storm, the boat constantly rocked back and forth. In addition, the waves from the lake were crashing against the boat. Dan became very scared for his life during this wild storm on the lake.
Anya was adopted from Russia. She wanted to learn more about her homeland. She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had. She also signed up for a class to learn Russian. Now she feels much more connected to her homeland.
Trent was making some beats. He wanted to offer it to an aspiring rapper. The rapper thought it sounded eerily familiar and rejected it. Trent kept it for himself and wrote a song. Trent became famous.
Einstein was a good looking grey talking parrot. He enjoyed impressing humans with his speech. Instead of spouting equations, he'd imitate a famous Hollywood actor. Most humans agreed this was far more entertaining. Einstein was merely happy to talk his way out of becoming supper.
Sally liked to knit hats for her friends. She spent all weekend knitting hats of all colors for each friend. She brought them to school one day. But she noticed something horrible. She forgot to knit a hat for Rebecca her best friend!
Mary and Jane were happy to be going on a road trip. They packed up their car and headed toward their destination. They made several stops along the way. They stopped at the ocean and visited some different beaches. Mary and Jane were excited to get to their final destination.
Woods always loved pets cats. He had always wanted one but his mom said no. One day, he found a cat on the street. The cat was very hungry and small. Woods fed it and he felt very happy.
Tina decided on going hiking with her friend Tony. They both decided on a difficult path. Upon ascension, Tina fell and cut her leg. They both decided it was too dangerous for them to continue. Tony carried Tina to the car and decided on mini-golf instead.
Lizzy was very overweight. She got made fun of a lot at school. She started eating healthy. She started exercising. Kids didn't make fun of her anymore.
Cornelia decided she wanted to move to Texas. She packed up her bags and drove there. In Texas she moved into a small apartment of her own. She loved living there. Cornelia was happy to move to Texas.
Tom didn't like dealing with shoe laces. So he always bought shoes with Velcro straps. People thought his shoes were weird. So he bought shoes with typical laces. But Tom felt more unhappy in the end.
Bob was looking at a house near the Missouri river. As the agent showed him the house, he saw something in the river. They went to take a closer look. Bob was aghast when he realized it was a bloated corpse. The agent said people drowning wouldn't affect the home's value.
I went to to the local gas station. Inside I looked for a snack to eat. I saw the slushies and they grabbed my attention. I bought a slushie and went to my car. I went home and drank the slush while watching the news.
I had a sore throat. My friends brought over medicine to help me feel better. I yelled at them when the medicine did not work. They all left angry and frustrated. I called them on the phone to apologize for being mean.
I find the bus routes in the city confusing. Yesterday I tried to get to a restaurant I like. I knew I had to make a transfer. I made the transfer at the correct stop. But apparently I boarded the wrong bus and ended up lost.
Henry was playing a video game. It was particularly violent. He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam. The game continued to be quite violent. Henry turned off the video game when he felt it was too scary.
Aaron loved working with wood. He took a woodworking class in high school. His teacher showed him how to make pens from wood. Aaron fell in love with the idea of making his own pens. Now he makes pens and sells them for others to admire.
Tim was learning to skateboard. He fell over hard one day. He landed right on his arm. It snapped in half. Tim never skateboarded again.
Henry had filled his phone with tons of downloaded music. The one downside was that all of the titles were mixed up. Henry tried to ignore it at first but it bothered him too much. Soon he was forced to sit down and manually review all of his music. It took hours but eventually he had everything properly labelled.
Jerry went grocery shopping on Monday. Jerry was very well prepared and he wrote a grocery list. Jerry went through the store checking off items on his list. By the time it came to pay Jerry realized he left his wallet at home! Jerry had to leave his things and go back home for his wallet.
Arnold was a lifelong Oakland Raiders fan. He'd never been to a game before. Arnold's wife got him Raiders tickets for his birthday. She took him to the game the following Sunday. Arnold had the time of his life.
My parents decide to take my brother and I to see Friday the 13th. We went to a drive in I think I was 7 at the time I sat in the front. My brother was behind me every scary part he would scare me by yelling. So my dad had to go to the bathroom but snuck back up to the car. One scary part he reached thru the window and grabbed him.
Neil was leaving Sydney, Australia. He rented a bicycle on his way out of town. Then he biked along the coastal highway south. He saw amazing ocean vistas. He arrived in Canberra full of awe and joy!
The friends were having a bar crawl. They made matching shirts. The all met downtown and went to the first bar. People commented on how funny their shirts were. The friends had a great night.
Jessica invited her friends over for a dinner party. She practiced her cooking to ensure the night went well. She made a wonderful meal. Everyone that attended ate, drank, and was merry. Jessica was pleased the dinner party was a success.
Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything. He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out. He heard about a giveaway on the radio. After spending almost all day on the phone he actually got through. He won two tickets and had a great time with a friend.
Monica is really excited to go back to school. She says that she misses her friends and teachers. She plans to write some letters to tell them about her vacation. She is certain that they'll be delighted to hear about her stories. Monica looks forward to another great year with her friends at school.
Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown. There were no menus available online for them to check out. So the girls showed up at the restaurant and ordered. When the check came they were shocked. It came out to be a thousand dollars.
Ben and Dan were playing Keep Away with their little sister's phone. Each time she got close, one would toss it over her head to the other. Dan missed a catch, and the phone fell to the pavement. The impact cracked the screen. Ben and Dan were now in big trouble with their parents.
Mark and Jim went out fishing so they could have something for dinner. The two worked hard but it was hot and there were no fish. Jim suggested trying a new spot in the shade. The new spot worked and they brought in half a dozen fish. That night they had a delicious meal they were proud of.
I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work. I biked six miles through city streets to my job. Breakfast was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building. I had to attend two meetings and write several reports. I left work at 6 PM and biked home in the night.
John has a tripped planned to another city. John wakes up late and rushes to the airport. He gets through security rather quickly. He dashes for the gate but it's too late. The plane took off just minutes before and John is so disappointed.
I saw a weird man at the park today. He was acting very inappropriately with the park equipment. I didn't go near him. I went home and told my dad. He called the police.
Sandra pulled her car over. Something was very wrong. Steam was rising from the hood of her car. She called AAA to come help her out of the jam. They showed up and fixed the car for her.
When i'm at the cafeteria i saw a beggar outside. I went near to her and ask where does she lives. She told me she lives in the park with her daughter. She's begging for money because her daughter is sick. I decided to buy some food and medicine and give it to her daughter.
My wife gave me a website advertising a free Book of Mormon. I had always wanted to read it. I told her the Mormons would probably send missionaries. I ordered the book anyway, and a Mormon called to deliver it. I agreed to meet with the missionary in order to get the book.
Sam decided to walk home from school. He noticed a girl walking home too. Sam decided to say hello. They started talking and became friends. They walked home several more times after that.
Mike was a huge music fan. He had old albums and records piled in his garage. Mike's left an old heater on and it caught fire. All of his classic music collection was lost in the fire. Mike was devastated for a long time about his loss of music.
Melissa wanted to cook a nice meal for her family. She went on Pinterest to find recipes. She found a recipe for lasagna. She made the lasagna and also made a green salad and garlic bread. Her family loved the meal and they all had seconds.
Last night I decided to make some eggs. I put an egg in the pan and tried to cook it. But I realized I forgot to put on the cooking spray. So I started spraying it while the burner was on. Unfortunately a flame erupted and scared me so I had to shut it off.
Dan's wife recently gave birth to the fourth child. Dan realized that they needed a bigger vehicle. Dan visited a local dealership and looked at the vehicles. Dan saw a white minivan that fit their family very well. Dan decided to purchase the white minivan for their family.
Maria grew many vegetables in her garden. She had hundreds of plants. Maria worked very hard to grow these vegetables. As her veggies grew, Maria decided to set up a food stand. Maria made thousands of dollars by the end of the growing season.
Our coach the guys not to peek in the other side. You could see the girls in the shower then. We handed a hose to each other. There was a tent set up. We needed a way to take a shower.
Steph warned her daughter not to touch the glassware at the foot. However, she couldn't resist and ended up touching it. The vase fell on the ground and broke apart. Steph apologized to the manager. He wasn't mad however, Steph had to pay for the damages.
Larry was looking to get a car. In order to do that he would need a source of income. He decided to look for a job. He never worked one before, and so this was a new experience. He ended up being hired at FedEx.
A man went to a business function. He mingled and schmoozed all day. He handed out business cards to everyone he met. When he got home, though, he was mortified. His fly was open and his shirt misbuttoned.
Peter waited until his local grocery store closed. Then he went into the dumpsters behind it. And he found lots of good food. He took home $70 worth of groceries. And he did the same thing a few weeks later.
The man searched for shellfish. He went to the wrong spot. He only found a few clams. He bought some from the store. He pretended that he had found them.
Michelle had never jumped rope before. Sally showed her how to jump rope. Michelle practiced for a few hours. Now Michelle and Sally both can jump rope really well. Next week they are going to enter the jump rope competition.
Gary walked to his class. A marketing agent stopped him. She explained a project she's working on and asked for help. Gary found out that he needs to pay money for an online membership. Since she told him last minute, he was mad.
Clinton was an acrobat at the local circus. Today was his debut performance and he was very nervous. When it came time for him to perform, he did many tricks. The audience was very impressed and applauded loudly. As a result, Clinton became famous.
Jeff is promoted beyond his skillset. Jeff appears to be confused and disoriented on the job. Many of Jeff's direct reports appear lost and confused. They seem disorganized and non functional. Perhaps Jeff should be fired.
The women were having a girls night. They drank lots of champagne. The kept opening bottle after bottle. When they ran out, they didn't know what to do. They decided to switch to wine!
I decided to go to the gym. I deadlifted a barbell. It was too heavy. Thus, my back bent. Thus, I got a hernia.
Jennifer was walking down her driveway to go to her car. As she opened her door, a large dog began to run at her. The dog was barking and foaming out the mouth. Jennifer hopped into her car, closed her door and began to drive away. She sped away as she saw the angry dog disappear behind her.
I began to fix my kitchen drawer that was sticking a lot lately. The drawer would not budge when I tried to remove it. In my frustration, I yanked it so hard that everything went flying. At that moment my wife walked into this situation. She laughed at my mess and told me to clean it up.
My wife's sister in law was rebellious growing up. One day, when she was sixteen, she went out. She told her mom she was visiting a friend. Instead, she went to a party until 3 AM. When she came home her father screamed at her.
A man failed a college history class. He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true. He began to research many historical accounts of facts. He became very knowledgable about history. He learned a lot about the world
Sean was living in Oregon. Marijuana had been legalized last year and today, shops opened. Sean was one of the first people to go. He went through the ID process and then went inside. It felt so good to buy legal marijuana.
On a trip through the desert, Karen spotted a sushi restaurant. She was skeptical of the place, there was not any water for miles! Her curiosity got to her, and Karen stopped at the place for dinner. Once inside, she knew how the place managed to stay in business. The only items on the menu were tuna, from right out of the can!
Rosa liked to color her hair red. She had a busy month and hadn't had a chance to tend to it. Rosa's white hairs began showing at her roots. Some of her coworkers began snickering behind her back about it. Rosa made a point of taking care of it quickly after that.
Gina was in the car sleep on the backseat. The doors opened and her family began to pile in. She had been at her uncle's house bored since noon. It was now 10 PM. Gina was upset her whole day was wasted waiting.
Suzy hated art. She had to make a collage. She did not finish in time. So she failed the project. Suzy broke down in tears.
Sarah lives far away from her family. She sees them very rarely. Sarah wants to visit home for Christmas, but can't afford to travel. One day, Sarah gets an envelope in the mail. It's a plane ticket her parents bought for her to come home.
Jack is at the grocery store looking for some steak. The store only has strip loin steak, and he wants T-Bone. He inquires to the butcher about the T-Bone's. The butcher informs Jack they are all out. Jack leaves the store without steak.
Harvey worked for a wrecker shop. He drove the tow truck. Harvey got a call for a job. He knew the girl that needed the tow. He towed the car and gave the girl a ride home.
Bella really liked men with foreign accents. When she met Matt he had an English accent she found irresistible. And over time she fell in love with him. Only then did he admit he was from Maine. But it didn't matter anymore as she had forgotten all about accents.
Liza took her son to the doctor. He was running fever for several days. They ran some tests to see what was wrong. While there, they found out he had cancer. They kept him for 2 months before sending him home.
Frank dropped his brand new phone in a puddle. It wouldn't turn on! His friend told him to put it a bowlful of raw rice overnight. He said it would absorb the water. When Frank checked the next day it worked just fine!
Tom was eating with his girlfriend. He asked her if she wanted fries. She said she didn't. She then proceeded to eat Tom's fries. Tom took them away before she could have the last one.
A man was locked out of his apartment when he left his keys inside. He went to the landlord's office but no one was there. The man decided to break down his own door to get inside. The flimly door flew right off the hinges and he got inside. The man just remembered that he left the back door open.
Chris got home from work. He wanted to relax on his couch. He plopped on the couch to watch some television. A few minutes after sitting down, he sunk into the couch. He had to muster all his strength to exit and passed out afterwards.
Jennifer and her husband decided to move to another state. When they got there, they found jobs right away. They needed a place to live and found a perfect apartment. Unfortunately the apartment would not be ready for a month. The two of them ended up living in a tent for a month.
Kelly was shopping in New York yesterday. She strolled through midtown with her favorite bag. However to her dismay, her bag was stolen. She went to the police but it was pointless. Kelly was devastated.
The DMV in his community took a long time to service customers. Jason went to the Department of Motor Vehicles to pay registration. He was number eight hundred and they were calling number four hundred. Jason left and went to a restaurant. When he came back the security officer wouldn't let him back in.
Yesterday Betsy and her friends went for ice cream. Betsy ordered a three scoop chocolate cone. It was very delicious. However to her surprise the ice cream fell to the ground. Betsy was thankful someone came to help her.
A boy hear a siren outside the house. He ran outside to see what it was. In the distance a fire truck drove towards him. He waved at the firemen as they passed. One of the firemen waved back at the boy.
Brian needed to go food shopping. He had his shopping list ready to go. When he got to the store it was closed. Brian decided he would do his shopping another day. He made dinner from some stuff he had in the pantry.
Larry loves watching live banjo players. He decides to learn how to play banjo for himself. Larry has lessons from a professional banjo player for a month. Finally he can play a simple tune on his own. Larry feels great that he finally learned to play banjo.
The kids quietly crept out to the backyard. They found their parents on the trampoline. They were staring up at the dark night sky. The children joined their parents on the trampoline. All night long they watched the streaks of light shoot across the sky.
I went on a hike into a tropical forest. There were a number of crazy waterfalls and forest lakes. My party and I jumped off of the cliffs by the waterfalls into lakes. We thought they were huge jumps. We later learned the highest cliff we jumped was just under 20 feet.
The wind was perfect that day. The surfer knew it was the right time to go. He set up his windsurfing equipment. The surfer waded out into the ocean. He shredded it up that day, taking advantage of the great wind.
It was Andrew's first night on the boat at his new job. The winds were beginning to rage and the sky was dark an hour early. In his bunk, he struggled not to vomit. The boat broke apart and he fell into the sea. As he swam ashore he decided at least he wasn't on a boat anymore.
Brian's friend threw up in his car. Brian shampooed the rug, but it still stank. After a few weeks, he couldn't stand it any longer. He took the car to a professional cleaner. There, he had to pay $200 to have the interior deep-cleaned.
Tim and Kelly were on a date. Tim was thirsty and Kelly wanted ice cream. But they only had enough money for one drink! So they bought a root beer float. The float satisfied both Tim and Kelly!
Susie looked inside her stocking. She saw some beats headphones. She was so happy. She couldn't believe she had them. She loved them.
Joy made cookies for her boyfriend. He made a strange face when he took a bite. He said they tasted funny. Joy bit into one. She realized she had accidentally doubled the salt.
I bought a paperback back on Amazon recently. It was a used book listed in good condition. The book looked nice when I opened the package. When I started to read, the pages all fell out of the binding. I complained to the merchant and got a full refund.
Jason starts to feel lonely. He decides to go to a bar. At the bar, Jason sees a man next to him. Jason starts talking to the man. The man and Jason become friends.
Jean didn't want to do her homework. She asked her little brother to do them for her. She went with her friend instead and had fun. When she came back, her brother had finished the homework. She gave them to her teacher the next day, but got an F.
Charles wanted to color in a coloring book. The problem was he had no crayons though. His mom took him to the store and they both chose a crayon set. When he arrived home he began to work on the coloring book. Charles think his mom forgetting the crayons for him.
Tabitha's mom was taking pictures for the Christmas card. She made the kids all stand outside in the snow. Tabitha was miserable and cold. Her mom took forever getting the perfect shots. Finally she let them all go inside.
Tom went to see a live music performance. He had one of the best experiences of his life. He decided to learn to play the drums. He took lessons and practiced often. He soon became a drummer in a local band.
Jim had been working hard all week. He had today off and wanted to spend it relaxing. The first thing he did was watch some TV in his pajamas. Afterwards, he played some computer games. He was ready to go into work the next day after feeling refreshed.
My father adored me when I was little. He loved me so much that my mother began to hate me. I thought he was the best daddy, always taking me to the park. When I turned 6 years old, he suddenly stopped caring about me. His affection ended, and he said it was because I was growing up.
Jason was my best friend when I was younger. Jason lived down the street from me. Every day I would go to Jason's house to play. One day Jason's family moved to another state. I was sad that I could no longer play with my best friend.
Brenda likes to play hide and seek with her grandson. Brenda tells her grandson to go hide and she will count to five. One, two, three, four, five here I come. Brenda looks all over but she cannot find her grandson. She finds him behind the couch and is relieved.
Miles noticed that guys who can play guitar often have girlfriends. Miles is lonely, so he wants to play guitar to meet a girlfriend. He practices every day and becomes very good at playing guitar. However, Miles still cannot meet a girlfriend. Miles begins to wish he had never even learned guitar.
Sally was the manager of a restaurant. She had not been meeting the expectations of her job. She was careless in her work. Her boss fired her for talking on her phone too much. Sally filed for unemployment at her local government office after.
Susanna had been working at the store for quite awhile. She had not gotten paid in a while however. She started to get mad. So she complained to the manager. However the manager said she did not care.
My sister in law got a perm last week. She had suffered a nervous breakdown a few months ago. Her sister took her to the salon to boost her spirits. She took a selfie and sent it to her family. We are glad she is feeling better.
Sarah was a lonely single woman. One day, while shopping a person caught her eye. She approached the man. They introduced each other and made plans. Sarah and Shaun began to see each other often.
Mary invited a friend to our house. We ate together when my mom made dinner. I searched the pots and pans for more food at night. There was no food left. Mary said that her friend finished the rest.
Jane and Jim had a fun first date. Unfortunately their second date wasn't going as well. They weren't sure what changed. No matter what they tried the chemistry wasn't there. They decided not to go on a third date.
Frank was laid off from his construction job of ten Year's. He applied for welfare in the meantime while he job searched. The welfare checks were enough to keep him going for a little bit. Eventually he found another job in the same field. He only needed the welfare checks for about six months.
I was in gymnastics. The coach decided to teach me an iron cross. I felt I was too weak to perform one. But, my coach insisted that with hard work I could do it. Indeed, after a few months I mastered the iron cross.
Sean posted an ad for guitar lessons online. He was contacted by a mother who wanted some lessons for her son. He went to their house the next day. The son met him and they went through a lesson. When he was done, they paid him and he went home.
The wrestler climbed to the top rope. His opponent tried to get away. His opponent made a signal. The wrestler jumped on the opponent. The wrestler won the match.
Sam made a bet with his mom. She bet he couldn't eat veggies at every meal for a week. He accepted. But he could not stand eating all those veggies. His mom won the bet!
Trish raced through the room pulling her work clothes over her head. She was running behind. She was going to be late for work. The door slammed as she left the house. The recently installed cable channel stilled played on the TV.
Jill had a gambling problem. She had spent her savings on lottery tickets. She thought she would be able to pay off her credit card if she won. Jill lost all her money through the lottery tickets. Jill got treatment for her gambling problem the next day.
The kids had made a huge mess. Their mom punished them swiftly. They were grounded for two whole weeks! The kids regretted their behavior. They decided to clean to make it up to their mom.
Joe had a project due in a couple days. Joe got his supplies ready and began to work on it. He worked on it after school. He finished it and turned it in. He got an A.
Bill needed to talk to Joe. Joe wasn't home so bill left a message. Joe called Bill back while Bill was in the shower. Bill called Joe back, but Joe was at the store. Bill sighed because he never did like playing tag.
Allie wanted to see a concert. She bought some cheap tickets. But when she got there it started to rain. Allie was disappointed. All of her things got wet.
Tristan wanted to make a sandwich. He unfortunately did not have any bread to use. Tristan had to take a trip to the supermarket to get some bread. Thankfully they had the bread that Tristan wanted, so he bought it. When he got home, Tristan was finally able to make his sandwich.
Sarah was bored at night. She decided to get up and ride her bike. She went outside but it was night time. Sarah decided to ride her bike anyway. She went down the local roads at night.
Gina walked into a wall when not paying attention. An hour later her shoulder still hurt. It was also tender to the touch. She looked at her shoulder in a mirror. There she saw a dark and large bruise.
Omar was starting his first day at a new school. He was nervous! He thought nobody would speak to him. Then he went to school and everyone was kind to him. He saw that he had been afraid for no reason!
Bobby woke up with a stomachache. His mom took Bobby's temperature. Bobby had a bad fever. She called Bobby in sick from school. Bobby was happy to not go to school today.
Joseph was part Native American. He had a social studies project coming up. Joseph did the project on Native American tribes. He did a portion about his family's tribe. The class was interested in Joseph's lineage.
Tim was always jealous of his brother Sam. Sam was always the better basketball player. One day Tim decided to challenge his brother to a game. Sam led the entire game. Near the end of the game Tim hit a jumper to finally beat his brother.
Elaine's favorite meal was soup from a local restaurant. She couldn't always afford to eat out, though. Instead, she wanted to come up with a copy-cat recipe. She worked with different recipes for almost a month. Finally, she got very close to the original soup.
A pair of robins built a nest in a man's tree. He found himself curious about the taste of robin's eggs. So one day, he got a ladder and climbed up to the nest. He shooed the mother robin away and grabbed the eggs. The mother robin became irate, and chased him a mile down the road.
Jim really liked to read books. He decided to join a book club. He liked the book club so much that he decided to join another one. Jim is reading two books a week and is barely keeping up. Jim is thinking about quitting one of the book clubs.
Stephanie loved the rain. It would bring her comfort. One day she was on her way home from work. It was rainy. She had a great day soon afterwards.
Nancy overslept and had to rush to her class. The teacher handed the class their exams to take. Unfortunately, Nancy's phone went off during the exam. The professor took her exam and automatically failed her. She was extremely mad and decided to leave the class.
It was the start of a new school year. We had to go and get our books. This year books was actually new. You can tell the books was updated. The books had that new book smell to it.
Mark was a hopeless romantic. He was also a magician. He wasn't very good at either. The only magic in his life was making women disappear. Girls really didn't like Mark's magic.
Lisa would tell her son Jimmy not to run in the store. He ran as fast as he could with not a single care. His mom pleaded to him to stop embarrassed for her son. He was laughing looking back when he didn't notice a can in front. He fell and broke his nose never to run again, a hard lesson learned.
Larry tells his wife he will be away on a business trip. Larry really heads to a hotel room. Larry is spending the night with another woman. Larry gets a phone call from his wife. His wife tells him she is outside and asks for a divorce.
Hannah wanted to embroider some tea towels for her sister. But Hannah didn't know how to sew. Hannah watched some online tutorials about sewing. Hannah practiced what she learned on the tutorials. She embroidered a set of four beautiful towels for her sister.
Amanda was trying to watch a movie in the theater. But the kids behind her kept whispering and giggling. Finally Amanda turned and told them to shush up! The kids goggled at her, stunned and offended. But from then on, they were utterly silent!
Rebecca had no friends. She worked and worked to invent a robot best friend. After Years of laboring, she was successful! Rebecca named the robot Janelle. They were best friends.
Johnny took the bus to and from work every day. If you were not at the bus stop by 5:05 you would be left behind. Johnny boss wouldn't let him leave to make the bus today. He got to the stop at 5:06, the bus wasn't there. The bus rolls up two minutes later and tells Johnny he hit traffic.
Andrew needed pillows for his couch. So Andrew went to the store to get some. He found some nice pillows. He purchased them from the store. Andrew loved his new pillows.
I played 3 online games against my friend George today. I was sloppy and lost the first game. I won the second. I lost a knight on the third game and was checkmated in the end. I am still leading in the ratings, though.
From the moment I woke up, my day was brutal. On the way to work, I got stuck in traffic. As a result, I ended up late. When I came home, I found out that several items were stolen. Before I had the chance to call the police, my phone short circuited.
Kate and Jan walked to the park near Kate's house. There was a baseball game on the baseball diamond. One of the boys playing went to Kate's school. Kate tried to get his attention when he was on the bench. She was sad when he pretended not to see her.
Andrea was going to a dance. She bought a beautiful ballgown for it. She had it fitted and bought jewelry and shoes. Andrea was so excited to go! She knew her dress would impress everyone.
Dan notices that he is running out of socks. He decides to buy a few pairs of nice new socks. Dan loves his new socks. He starts wearing them every day. Dan is happy he got socks.
Sally was always told to be really careful with glass items. She always thought she was being careful, but her mother disagreed. She had dropped her phone so many times that it rattled inside. That was why she refused to get a smart phone. She knew that it would only last a short time with her clumsiness!
The man was wearing glasses. A rock hit the glasses. The glasses broke. He showed his friend. His friend said the glasses saved his eye.
The motorcycle act began simply enough with wheelies. Burt and Julie clapped and whistled. Then two motorcycles rode into a giant metal structure. They riders drove on ramps in the cage and performing tricks. When it ended, Julie and Burt had cheered until they were hoarse.
Jimmy wanted to go to the playground. When he got there, he went down the big slide three times. He saw some friends in the sandbox and joined them. After a few sand sculptures, he played on the swings. He got tired after an hour and ran home to take a nap.
Blake was at a restaurant with a friend. He ordered a steak. Blake wanted his steak medium rare. The steak came served well done. Blake returned the steak to be done properly.
Last week I went on a fun beach trip. I went there with all my friends. I bought a really tasty sandwich with me. I dropped it and it fell in the sand. My sandy sandwich didn't taste good anymore.
Pete was playing in the park. He notice a small dog hiding underneath the monkey bars. The dog seemed frightened it was shivering. He recognized the dog as the one he had seen earlier on a poster. The dogs owner was contacted with Pete receiving a $20 reward.
The family owned a house by the beach. The went every summer until now. Earlier this summer a flood did damage and destroyed the floor. Now the house is banned until further notice. The family will patiently wait until their favorite getaway is fixed.
Dale was driving down the road. He noticed a sound from his car. He went out to look what it was. His engine was smoking badly. He called for help and waited for them to arrive.
A man went for a jog on a hot day. He stopped at a deli to evade the heat. The deli owner told the jogger he looked hot. The jogger just grunted and nodded. The deli owner filled a large cup of water for the thirsty man.
Emily got a new puppy. When she brought him home, she realized something. He was going to be a lot of work. Emily had to put in the effort to train him. In the end, he grew up into an obedient dog.
Dave and Mark were playing catch. They threw the ball under Mark's house. Dave was too big to crawl under the house. Mark had to wiggle under the house to retrieve the ball. The boys were able to play ball again.
Lena auditioned for the play. The play was for her school. She really wanted the lead role. When she got the callback they told her. She got the role.
Ida was making a traditional French Yule log for her class. She rolled up the cake carefully. Then she frosted it and decorated it. Her whole class was awed at the lovely cake! When they ate it, they oohed and aahed with joy!
Timmy loves new projects, so he searched online for something new. He found a website showing how to put together aquarium landscapes. Timmy bought an aquarium kit and decor to put together his own tank. The project was harder than Timmy expected. The fish tank is only half put together in his living room now.
Adam was swinging on the monkey bars one day. Suddenly his hand slipped, and he fell. He landed on his arm, and it broke under him. Adam had to be taken to the hospital right away. There, the doctor set Adam's arm in a cast.
Bonnie and Connie were getting tired of wearing matching clothes. They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles. Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly. Bonnie bought outfits that were black and revealing. Both girls felt more unique and happier in different outfits.
Tim needed to change the oil in his car. He was going to do it himself but didn't find the time. Eventually he decided to get it done at a shop. He took it and went shopping for an hour. They were done by the time he got back.
Matt had trouble keeping his mind off food. Eating helped relieve his anxiety. But over time, he developed stomach issues. And he had no choice but to eat less. But Matt's anxiety made it too hard for him to change his habits.
Shane loved playing darts. He was good even though he only had one eye. Every Friday he would hustle and make money. One guy got so made he took out Shane's other eye. Now Shane makes even more money as a blind dart player.
Tim, a local business man, became frustrated with his community. Tim loves sharing his ideas about growing commerce with his friends. Tim considered putting his ideas to work by running for public office. Tim decided to run for city council in his municipality. Tim ran a successful campaign and won a city councilor seat.
My friend and I were reading a library book. It was a horror novel. We were so excited to see how it would end. However, the final chapter had been ripped out. We decided to just write our own personal endings to the story.
Suzanne attended a party at her church. At the party, Tommy complemented Suzanne on her appearance. Suzanne misunderstood Tommy, and got upset. Suzanne left the party in tears. Tommy later apologized, even though he had done nothing wrong.
Amys favorite show is American Horror Story. She loves its unpredictability. Sometimes it's a little too scary to her. She likes some seasons better than others. The current season is her favorite so far.
Lucy's grandma was teaching her to sew. Lucy wanted to make a jacket. Grandma suggested they start with something easier. Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her. Lucy finally agreed to start with a pillow.
Rene was watching the stars outside, when one grew suddenly brighter. A flaming trail behind it, the object was coming right towards him! Rene stood frozen, unable to stop watching as it got closer. It disintegrated Rene, killing him instantly as it collided with him. Rene's family sued the space program because it was their debris.
Ian was proud of his expensive plasma television. He thought the picture was superior to the television sets sold today. He was quite distressed when the set stopped working one day. He learned from the internet a simple trick to get it to turn on. He was ecstatic when the picture reappeared after the procedure.
Allison was overwhelmed when she went to the store to choose wine. There were so many choices that she didn't know where to begin. She asked the store clerk for some assistance. He asked a series of questions, and directed her towards options. When Alison left she was happy for the help and chose a great wine!
I work for a transit authority in Boston, the MBTA. In 2004, Boston hosted the Democratic National Convention. The MBTA sent its staff out into the field to help attendees. I was sent to a hotel lobby to stand and answer any questions. I was there for a whole week and answered two questions.
Gina was driving behind a car heading home. They came to a major street closed for construction. The car ahead of Gina turned onto the street. Gina drove past. The street was closed, and she didn't want to risk it.
When my dad found out about Kevin, he invited him over. Kevin had been a friend of my brother's for years. When he got there, my dad told him we would never date each other. Kevin said it was like a punch in the gut. Later, he said he knew I didn't love him and was too young.
Molly was just starting in middle school. She would be in a music class for the first time. She had to pick her instrument on the first day. She felt torn between the violin or the cello. Finally, forced to pick, she tossed a coin and went with cello.
A man organized a lottery pool at his work. He received  $500 to buy tickets. The man just took the money and didn't but any. The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost. He told them next time they would win.
Tom was at a birthday party. They were serving cake. Tom didn't know there were nuts in it. He was allergic to nuts. Tom had to be taken to the hospital.
Sam could not find his other shoe. He searched all over the house for it. Sam decided to ask his mother if she knew where it could be. She reminded him that they have just purchased a puppy recently. Sam found the puppy with his shoe in the puppy's mouth.
Ben went to the DMV to renew his registration. He grabbed paperwork and began to fill it out with a pencil. When he was done he waited in line. The DMV worker told Ben that his paperwork was invalid. She said that they only accept paperwork in blue pen.
Tim was trying to think of a jingle. He needed to sell his new product. He refused to let anyone help. Tim thought hard, but couldn't think of anything. Finally, he decided to let his friends help him.
A city by the sea looked at the glaciers. They noticed a weird thing. The glaciers were melting. They contacted scientists. The scientists agreed.
Jason was on a date at a restaurant. They were told that there was a short wait. Jason and the girl sat at the bar and watched some TV. Soon it had been way too long to be waiting. Right when they were about to complain, they were finally seated.
Nate started to write stories for ROC-NLP-Research. He wrote a ton of stories and then started to run out of ideas. Then, he realized he could write about himself. He started writing about how he was writing stories. Then, Nate realized he had created a paradox!
Julie has a test in the morning. She has been studying all week. When she got to class, she was ready. However, when she saw the test, she freaked out. Julie ended up failing her test.
Cal and Dirk were engaged in a dart throwing competition. As they drew towards the end the game became very close. Cal threw and won more points than Dirk. Dirk had been keeping track and wrote less points than Cal had earned. Cal never found out Dirk had cheated to win the game.
Kate and some friends were driving to Las Vegas. They had been driving for 5 hours. And had already argued about the frequent stops. Now they weren't talking to each other. They drove down the highway in an awkward, uncomfortable silence.
Shane had been in a relationship for three years. His girlfriend was always hinting for him to propose. He didn't want to get married at this time in his life. When they were dinner he bent down to tie his shoe. She thought he was proposing and said yes, the wedding is in June.
Len wanted a puppy for his 7th birthday party. His mother took him to a neighbor's to pick out his puppy. There were five playful terrier puppies. Len played with them all. He finally picked the smallest puppy, with a spot over one ear.
Danielle was feeling completely relaxed. She was doing yoga in her living room. She loved to unwind and work out at the same time. She stretched her muscles farther and farther. She loved to feel the burn.
The Jones family wanted to buy a new home. They looked at several they weren't satisfied with. They finally found one they loved. It seemed that closing day would never come but it finally did. The Jones family are new homeowners!
Fiona worked at a flower shop in a small town. At around noon a customer entered and asked for a large rose bouquet. Fiona toiled away and picked out the best roses she could find. She presented the bouquet to the man. The man loved the bouquet, and paid twice its cost to Fiona.
Sam was playing softball. She was practicing catching with her dad. Her dad threw the ball. Sam missed catching it. Sam ended up with a black eye.
Missy and Bryan were walking through the city. Suddenly, Missy needed to use the restroom. They walked into every nearby building, but there were no bathrooms. Finally, they asked a hotel clerk if they could use their restroom. The clerk said yes and Missy was able to go.
Billy was always a hard worker. He really wanted to be put in charge of the computer lab. His boss called him into her office. Billy was excited. She put him in charge of the computer lab.
Zoey's mom told her they could go pick out a new dog today. Zoey was so excited she ran to the car. They got to the pet store in no time. Zoey found a beautiful French Bulldog that she loved. Zoey's mom paid for the French Bulldog and they took him home!
Mona bought a new sofa from a local furniture store. It was delivered the next day. On that same day she went out with her husband on a date. Joanne babysat Mona's two children while she and her husband were out. Joanne spilled chocolate ice cream on Mona's new sofa and ruined it.
This was for her kids! She pushed her car as fast as it could go. She would definitely make it! Right as the rain got bad she pulled into the school parking lot. The kids were very proud of there mom for saving them!
Nic got a puppy and was house-training it. But one night Nic worked late. He arrived home and saw that the puppy had peed on the floor. Nic did not punish the dog. He knew the accident was his own fault.
Woo wasn't happy about the way the mayor was doing things. He decided he'd run for the office of mayor. Woo campaigned on his integrity and reputation as an honest person. His opponent ran a smear campaign and ran childish ads. Woo lost to his opponent by a very large margin.
Lewis loved his wife more than anything in this world. His wife became very sick with cancer. Lewis was worried about her and knew that she had to fight hard. He was there for her every moment of treatment and prayed for her. His wife did pass away but he was able to find peace with it.
In 1995 we went to Cape Cod. The kids collected a lot of seashells. They smelled up the hotel room. We tried cleaning them, to no avail. We threw them out and bought shells from a gift shop.
Beverly bought some property in the hills of Kentucky. When she went to inspect the property, she found squatters. Despite her pleas, they refused to leave her property. Desperate, Beverly called the local sheriff. After the sheriff evicted the squatters, Beverly put up a fence.
Alice was a big coffee drinker. When her coffee pot broke, she started researching new ones. Alice found out about a high-end machine. The machine could make specialty drinks and iced coffee. Alice ordered the machine and was thrilled with it.
Nate is sick and needs food. Nate decides to make chicken noodle soup. Nate does not cool down the soup before eating it. Nate burns his tongue on the soup. Nate decides not to eat the soup after all.
Sonia didn't know why she could not sleep. She was very cranky to her friends. So they pointed out that she drank a lot of coffee. So she finally stopped. And got a good night's sleep as a result.
Tasha approached Dan. She asked him for some lunch money. Since he was broke, he told her that he didn't have anything. Tasha took his wallet and started to search for money. She returned it and apologized.
Natalie decided to spend the weekend cleaning. She cleaned out all of her closets. She washed all her windows. Natalie even scrubbed her walls. By Sunday night, Natalie's house was cleaner than ever.
Sara has an English test tomorrow. She has studied all week. She felt prepared. When she got to class, she started to feel anxious. Sara took her test and did well.
Kurt was arrogant. He was always telling others how smart he was. Everyone got tired of Kurt's arrogance. Because of this, Kurt had no real friends left. Kurt coped with this by telling himself that everyone else was stupid.
Eric bought his first car. Be he valued a fast car over a reliable one. After a year, Eric started having to take it to the repair shop. And he was getting tired of his car's problems. So it traded it in for a more reliable one.
I saw my favorite show last night. I have been waiting to see it all week. It was the season finale. The episode was full of suspense. The ending was just a cliffhanger.
Bob made plans to go to the apple orchard to pick apples. The local farm near his house allowed you to pick your own apples. Bob got up early the next morning and drove out the the farm. He made the mistake of wearing his brand new white tennis shoes. He accidentally stepped on a bad apple which ruined his new shoes.
It was time for Matt to pay rent for his apartment. However, he was broke. He asked Sandra if he could borrow some money. Sandra refused because she didn't have enough money to lend. Matt then got evicted and became homeless.
I bought some books from a yard sale. I organized them alphabetically. I put them on the bookshelf. One fell onto the floor. I decided to sit down and read it.
Renee and her young daughter were on their way to Hoover Dam. Renee thought her daughter might be bored during the costly tour. At a rest stop, Renee asked a local woman for advice. The woman told Renee about a free walkway that offered great views. Renee was happy to be able to take her daughter to the dam for free.
Anne was visiting her relatives in England. They offered her tea. She accepted because she loved drinking tea. But when she asked for cream in her tea, they laughed. In England, Anne found, only milk was taken in tea!
Luis was eating an ice cream cone. He got a call from a friend. He went to pick up the phone. His ice cream cone hand hit the table. Ice cream smeared all over the table and he licked it up.
I traded my phone in the other day. I had a credit towards a new one. I got the newest apple phone. It has so many options to look through. It may take me a while to figure it out.
Beth went to Thanksgiving dinner like normal. She had her family around her and lots of food. She asked for the gravy boat for her potatoes. As it was handed to her, the gravy boat fell into her lap. Beth was covered all over with the gravy her mom made.
Martha was a high end model. She modelled clothes and accessories at live shows. Her biggest show was London fashion week. She was most nervous for the runaway. When she came out, she tripped up, but everyone supported her anyway.
Hector went on a porn site while he was at work. When the alarm started to ring he thought there was a fire. But his boss came with two security guards. They threw Hector out of the building. And they told him they had upped their security to avoid porn at work.
Sadie was at school when she heard a boy cry. She looked and saw he was surrounded by a bunch of kids. In front of the group one kid was making fun of the boy loudly. Sadie told the kid that he was a bully. Luckily, this made the kid and his friends storm off.
Suzy needed some new headphones. So she went to the store to get some. When she got some she noticed something. They were too big. Suzy had to return them.
Miss Haring noticed Mikey drawing in class and walked over to him. She asked somewhat sternly what Mikey was drawing. Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished. Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features. Years later, she cried clutching the framed drawing at his graduation.
Karl ordered Chinese food and waited for it to show up. One hour went by and still no food. Karl got upset and called the restaurant. The manager apologized profusely and paid for his meal. Karl felt a little better but wouldn't be ordering from them anymore.
Ron had a ten year old laptop that ran very slowly. He decided to try to upgrade it. He bought the maximum memory it could take cheaply online. When it arrived Ron installed it. His laptop became very fast and responsive because of the upgrade.
Matthew was visually impaired and needed a walking stick to see. One day, Matthew tripped on a curb and fell to the ground. A crowd formed around him and began to chatter. A young man stepped forward out of the crowd and offered help. Matthew was grateful for the help.
Kal was a photographer. He wasn't just any type of photographer though. He photographed snails for a living. It started out as his passion but he turned it into his career. He loved what he did and never worked a day in his life.
Josh loved baseball, but he wasn't very good at hitting the ball. He began to practice every day after school at the batting cages. When at home, Josh's dad would throw pitches for him to try to hit. Then, one day Josh's team was losing and the bases were loaded. All of his practice paid off when Josh hit his first grand slam.
Sherry's cat came around the corner carrying a dead mouse. Sherry's daughter screamed and ran away. The cat dropped the mutilated package at her feet. Sherry bent down and stroked the cat's head. The cat purred with gratification.
Bob was selling glass animals at a flea market and drew a crowd. Two men saw the same glass cat at the same time and examined it. They argued over who should be able to buy it. Bob took the cat and began to auction it off. One man walked away when the price got too high.
Tom was at the bar. The bartender kept ignoring him. He would only give girls drinks. Tom eventually got fed up and asked a friend to get a drink for him. The friend got it much faster.
Ana was told she needed braces. She was horrified! She just knew her friends would mock her. But to her surprise, no one did. Everyone was very supportive!
Alex was working when a new hire was introduced. The new hire was young and seemed disinterested. He constantly made many errors and annoyed everyone. Soon people realized he was the boss' cousin. They threatened to sue and the cousin was let go.
Tom was relaxing in the park. Kids started playing. Dogs started barking. Tom couldn't relax. Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax.
I set out today to buy a christmas gift for my newborn Niece. She had 2 strokes at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item I went on walmart's website and found the perfect toy for infants. It teaches colors, shapes, music in three different languages. Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift, I purchased it.
Suzy had a date with Fred. She was so excited for it. She got ready for about an hour. Finally she sat with him. Then she realized she had salad in her teeth.
I asked CJ for some chips and salsa. He said they were all gone. I was really sad and hungry. He went to the store and bought some new chips and salsa. I was happy again.
The boat was headed out to sea. They were going to rescue a sinking ship. The sailors brought life jackets. The helped the crew get off the sinking boat. They saved ten lives!
I was a skinny man. I wanted muscular forearms. I decided to do wrist circles with 20 pounds of weight. After a few months, my forearms were muscular! Alas, I didn't work the rest of my body so I looked weird.
Arnold was scared of monkeys. He was watching tv one day. He turned on the discovery channel. A monkey appeared. He almost threw up.
Marvin stood in front of the podium. He shivered with fright. Someone in the audience cleared their throat. Marvin excused himself from the crowd. Marvin vomited outside.
Carrie decided she wanted to try out for the high school swim team. She went to the open try outs. She swam freestyle and breaststroke. The coach told her she was very fast. She was offered a spot on the varsity team.
Tara felt in the darkness for the matches. The storm had knocked out the power, and she was alone and afraid. Her hand finally reached them, and she lit some candles. Tara breathed a sigh of relief and mocked at herself for being afraid. That was seconds before her house collapsed on her, crushing her dead.
James decided he wanted a cookie. He went to the kitchen to get one. When he got there, he saw there were no more! James started crying until his mom arrived. She had a cookie that she gave him and he was very happy!
My first apartment was a run down cheap place to live. I went to the manager, and was told I could move in right away. I was in a rush, so I took her up on the offer and moved in. The rent skyrocketed at the same time that criminals began moving in. I eventually left, skipping rent, and moved to another state.
Jimmy had just got off from work and checked his phone. He received a text message from his girlfriend. She said that they should break up. Jimmy was sad by this and started to cry. His friend bob consoled him by taking him out to dinner.
Earl has collected stamps his entire life. He has over ten thousand stamps and is sixty years old. He went to get them all priced and discovered they're worth a lot. He has over five thousand dollars in stamps. Earl decided to sell them all and help his son go to college.
Anna was stung by a yellow hornet. Her arm swelled up and turned red. She had not known she was allergic! She went to the urgent care clinic. There, they gave her a shot to help reduce the swelling.
Tom had some friends who were really into paintball. Tom had never been. They took him to a paintball tournament that weekend. Tom had the time of his life! Now Tom goes to paintball two weekends a month without fail!
Katherine needed new shoes for school. The ones she wanted costs too much. She decided to save up so she could afford them. Her mom agreed to pay half. Katherine was excited when she finally had enough money.
Sasha had just graduated from high school. She was invited to a graduation party but didn't want to go. As she went home she realized this was the last party ever. She reluctantly turned around to join the fun. Everyone was glad she came and she had a lot of fun.
Gwen was suffering from a bad hair day. There didn't seem to be anything she could do to help it. Even her attempt at a ponytail didn't work out. Gwen hoped washing it with conditioner would help. Finally, Gwen's hair was tamed into position.
I needed to get some honey. I knew that bees made honey. I found a bee hive and put my hand inside. The pain was so intense that I ran down the street screaming. I decided it was best to buy honey from the store.
The woman found dust on the desk. She cleaned it off. The next day the dust was back. She bought an air filter. The next time the desk stayed clean for a week.
Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse. She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.
Our daughter is coming home to Boston to visit. She loves sourdough bread from a local bakery. My wife ordered the bread this morning. They had only 2 loaves left. My wife is picking up the bread now.
Sarah read that banana peels were healthy to eat. But she thought they tasted horrible. So she decided to add them to smoothies. And they weren't possible to taste anymore. But Sarah wasn't sure how much the banana peels were helping her.
Erica is struggling to make ends meet for her family. She receives a phone call from a lawyer about an aunt who passed away. Erica meets with the lawyer and learns some great news. A distant relative passed away and she is the only living relative. Erica's financial needs are fixed and she starts a business.
Tom enjoyed meditation. He wanted to reach deeper states of meditation. He had heard about zen but never learned about it. He learned about zen. He applied the techniques and it improved his meditation.
The man sat on the bed. His son was sick. The man waited for his son to wake up. His son never woke up. The man was heartbroken.
Shilo hated hospital rooms. Something about the all white freaked her out. The smell and the beeping made her crazy. She had appendicitis and had to have emergency surgery. Shilo ended up spending a week in the white hell of a room she hated.
Alex was on a camping trip with his family. They were at the visitor's center when Alex noticed a sign. The sign advertised a junior ranger program. Alex was interested so he had his mom sign him up. Throughout his trip, he completed activities and earned his badge.
Fred's band was going to put on a show. It was a concert at a huge concert hall. He had never performed in front of so many people. When it was time to go on, he was very nervous. The crowd went crazy when the first song was over!
Mary's grandparents were coming to see her play soccer. She was worried because she was not very good. Mary practiced all week in preparation for her big game. Her grandparents came to see her. Mary's practice helped her to be the one to score the winning goal.
Maryann doesn't like scary movies. Her boyfriend is a huge fan of them. She tries to watch them with him every now and then. It doesn't end well for her. She lays in bed awake for nights.
Stephanie made a deposit into her bank account. The banker told her that her account was suspended. Stephanie was shocked and asked why. The banker told her that they were investigating some fraud. Stephanie decided to change her bank to avoid future issues.
I came home from buying groceries. I felt lazy and decided to carry all the grocery bags inside at once. The grocery bags were too heavy and i dropped to the floor. Some of the items rolled out of the bags and left a huge mess. I will never try to carry all groceries inside at once again.
Kate was in the middle of a blackout. She was talking on her phone to entertain herself. And now the battery was dying. Just then she remembered her car charger. She happily sat in the car talking on the phone while it charged.
She sneaked into the office. She checked to see if the principal was looking. She grabbed his walkie talkie from the desk. She ran out of the room. She hid it in her backpack.
Tom bought a new boat. He loved going to the lake. He took it almost immediately. He spent two days straight on it. Eventually Tom had to go home.
Jana was an aspiring model. She submitted her photo to a cover girl contest. Luckily, her photo was chosen! She would appear on the cover of a magazine. Her cover got her a lot of attention in the modeling world.
My sister in law hates her job. She is a waitress at an assisted living center. She thinks too many people call out sick. On Tuesday she decided to call out sick. I told her she should just look for another job.
George went to the doctor for an eye exam. He was sure there was nothing wrong with his eyes. The doctor asked George to read the eye chart. To his surprise, George could barely read any letters on the chart. George was upset but finally admitted he needed to wear glasses.
Mike went to a private school for high school. So he wasn't around kids from public schools. But he was amazed when he started college and the teacher called him. She said he had the best essay and wanted it as an example. He was proud and amazed that this basic essay was the best in class.
Last night I made eggs. I made the mistake of making them too runny. As a result the eggs turned out wrong. I ended up getting sick. I learned my lesson.
Mike was playing basketball by himself. And he noticed someone who was able to make shots from very far away. Mike asked he if could play. But the person refused. Mike practiced until the he was able to play with the other person.
Nick loved to party every weekend. He'd drink an entire case of beer by himself. One evening he went out for more beer after drinking. On the way to the store he ran over a child riding his bike. Nick was jailed for drunk driving and manslaughter.
Playing on his guitar, David was trying to sing along. His vocals weren't the best, but he kept practicing. Singing random lyrics, he eventually got a bit better. Recording it, he decided to mail it to the radio stations. A few days later, David's song was playing on a local station.
One night I was walking down the road. A policeman stopped me. He accused me of taking a wallet. He said I could not walk on that street anymore. My friend came to pick me up.
Tom was really tired from work. He decided to take a shower to relax. It was warm and soothing. Before Tom knew it he had been in there for hours. He got out looking incredibly pruney.
Anna's older sister had had twin babies. Anna was excited to babysit them. Finally, the time came for Anna to baby sit. Her sister went away for an hour. While she was gone, Anna did a great job with the babies.
Mary found a cone on the street. It was colored orange with black stripes. She set it aside in her room. One day, the cone went missing. The next day, Mary found another cone on the street.
Andrea was the best in her class at blowing bubbles. She could blow a bubble as big as her head. One day she blew one bigger then ever. Her former friend came by and popped it with his finger. Andrea spent 4 hours picking gum out of her hair.
Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. After the class, people were laughing at him. He did better his second time.
One day the Johnson family went on a road trip. They stopped at the Statue of Liberty. Mrs Joneson was afraid of heights, but she faced her fear. She ended up loving the view. They all had a fun time.
I needed a to write a song. I had nothing to write with. I looked in my desk for a pen. I only saw a pen cap. I threw the pen cap away.
The Jones family went to the beach. They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot. The wind started to blow. The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach. The tent legs were broken and the Jones had no more shade.
Amy was playing hide and seek with her daughter. She hid first. Her daughter found her quickly. But then she couldn't find her hiding daughter anywhere! Amy had to admit that she had lost the game!
I got into the habit of drinking soda. I woke up in the morning and drank one before work. I bought a 12 pack every week. I had one at night one the weekend. I really liked the new brand of soda.
The man got ready for his date. He asked his friend what he thought. His friend suggested a tie. The man tried one on. He agreed that it looked better that way.
My son fell in love with minecraft. He asked to put it on his ipad. We downloaded it that day. He played it all weekend. He learned a lot from the game.
Sandra was doing her laundry in her apartment's shared facility. While waiting for clothes to be done washing, she went upstairs. She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs. A neighbor had already dumped her wet clothes on the dirty floor! She was furious and couldn't wait to move away.
Rhonda and her friends were angry at a local animal testing facility. They decided to break in one night and free the animals. They went to the building one night and broke in through a window. Rhonda and her friends began to uncage several animals. Suddenly, several police busted in and stopped them.
Tina had a puppy named Sampson for the past ten years. Sampson was the family's heart and soul. However recently Sampson had been getting sick. Tina had no clue what to do. When Tina woke up the next day, Sampson was dead.
Cathy always had a specific day that she would clean. Unfortunately for Cathy, today was that day. Cathy clean the kitchen, and her bedroom. Finally, Cathy cleaned her bathroom as well. Cathy was extremely tired after cleaning her home all day.
Katie decided she wanted to grow up to be the president. She majored in political science in college. Then, she became a senator. Then, she ran for president as a democrat. Finally, she won the election and was finally the president.
Tom was bored at a friends house. His friend did not have toys. Tom decided he would play with rocks. They painted faces on rocks from the backyard. They ended up having a really fun time.
John liked to fly kites. He'd go to places with the strongest winds. One day, he saw an entry for a kite flying contest. He entered and then went to the beach for this. His years of experience resulted in a first place win!
Tim was playing with friends. They were on some train tracks. They all thought the train stopped going there. Then they felt rumbling and heard a horn. They all ran off before the train passed.
Adam was the most valued boxer. Everybody was betting on him to win against Chris. Adam did well but in the 3rd round, he got knocked out. Everyone was in disbelief. After, people lost a lot of their money.
Adri was very nervous to start her day. She was worried that she was going to fail her test. She studied as much as she could before school. When the test started she went very fast through it. After the test she went home and slept!
Sue was going to Germany to meet and visit some relatives. She was scared and nervous for the two-week trip. She thought she'd feel alienated and lonely. But everyone in Germany was very welcoming and friendly. After two weeks, Sue almost didn't want to return home!
Jamie bought a multiple video game pack online. One of the games was called shelter two and another was called rust. After hours and hours of playing those games she realized something. She had neglected all of her responsibilities. Jamie decided she was going to have to manage her time a lot better.
The girls were learning a new dance. It was their routine for the recital. THere were some difficult moves. They worked hard to learn them all. They couldn't wait to perform!
Ness wanted to see the world. But she was very low on cash! So she bought herself a backpack and a one-way plane ticket. Ness was going to work her way through Europe. She was ready to explore and see the world!
James felt very important. He had a badge as part of his new job. He would flash his badge and be let in any room. One day, James lost his badge. He felt naked without it.
He sat back in the chair. He tried to relax. He stretched his feet on the ottoman. He sighed with relief. His feet felt better.
Gary wanted to have an exciting adventure. Gary saw an ad for jumping out of a plane in a restaurant. Gary called the company and immediately set up an appointment to jump. While nervous, Gary knew this was going to be an adventure. Gary could not wait for the day he got to jump out of a plane.
Lena was relaxing and watching TV. She was keenly interested in the news covering the protests in town. Lena realized they were right outside her own house! Someone in the crowd started randomly firing an assault rifle. One of the bullets went through Lena's window and killed her.
Ben had to cram information for an exam tomorrow. He spent all night studying since he didn't start yet. Around 5 am, he started to get dressed for school. When he arrived, he walked carelessly to class. He kept falling asleep during the test since he didn't sleep well.
Sara was on the phone with her friend. Somehow, they ended up in an argument. Sara got upset and hung up the phone. Her and her friend didn't speak for almost a week. Finally, Sara's friend apologized.
Johnny notices that his carpet has become dirty after getting a dog. One Sunday he decides to thoroughly clean his carpet. He buys a special shampoo that helps to clean deeply. One he is done, Johnny is very happy with how clean his carpet is. He decides never to let it get so dirty again.
Tom wanted to start a farm. Tom saved up money to buy a farm. He went to the auction. He bought some goats. He started the farm with his new goats.
One day Matt took a trip to Madison, Wisconsin. First he went to Olbrich Botanical Gardens. Then he went to Henry Vilas Zoo. Finally he visited the Capitol building. He had a fun day.
Jim left work early to beat the holiday traffic. It seems like everyone else had the same idea. Jim was stuck in traffic as soon as he got on the freeway. He probably saw over 5 accidents within 30 minutes of driving. Jim finally got home 2 hours later.
Ida pruned the limbs off of the bushes. The shears broke. Ida called her husband. Ida's husband bought new shears. Ida's husband presented Ida some new shears two hours later.
A woman went to the mall for the weekend to shop. She couldn't resist all the great deals on clothes that day. She ended up spending a thousand dollars in one day! She was really nervous but had an idea. She got a second job to pay for her credit card bill.
Alan is performing in a talent show. His act involves playing his banjo. While warming up, Alan breaks a string on his banjo. Without any backup strings, he's one string short. Alan doesn't play very well, and loses the talent show.
John watched tennis on his cable tv. John realized he wanted to play tennis. John learned to play tennis and became good at it. John wanted to be a professional at it. John would eventually qualify for a grand slam tournament.
Heidy was late on all of her bills. Her house is also going to be evicted since she can't pay the rent. She did a small prayer and went to sleep. During the next morning, she found some money on the ground. It contained an envelope with $1500 dollars.
My father had congestive heart failure in 1995. He walked to the hospital at night. They were able to control it and he spent a few nights there. He had to continually monitor his weight. He died of a heart attack three years later.
My second grade class were asked to write stories about their family. Josh's story described his father as yelling, hitting, and menacing. I was concerned and questioned a tearful Josh about his story. Seeing bruises on his body, I contacted Child Protective Services. Eventually, Josh and his mother were helped into a safer situation.
Vince woke up one morning and got up to put clothes on. When he looked for an outfit, he could not find anything to wear. Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it. After loading the clothes into the washer, he began to wait. After drying the clothes, Vince had a nice outfit to wear.
March 8th is National Pancake Day. We went to the IHOP five Years ago on March 8th. IHOP was serving free pancakes that day. We had pancakes plus dinner. We were stuffed but happy.
Sam and Steve went camping in the woods. Steve was very safety-conscious, but Sam was not. Sam left all his food on a picnic table overnight. While they were sleeping, a bear raided their campsite. Steve decided he would not go camping with Sam again.
Manny was working on building a gingerbread house. He's always admired them as a child. He, however, has never built one. After an hour and a half, Manny gave up. He would rather just eat the pieces.
Molly was invited on a trip with the church. They went up to a mountain to go skiing. Molly had never gone skiing before but she was able to learn. Unfortunately, she made a mistake and crashed. She ended up having to rest for the remainder of the trip.
Cary was known in town as the best candle maker. She invented a new smelling candle that day. It was a combination of ice cream and chocolate. She put the candle up for sale the next day. The whole town bought a candle and the town smelled delicious.
Julie wanted to become a babysitter. She needed an edge over other teen sitters. She decided to go through first aid training. Soon she was qualified and had parents calling for her. She had a thriving sitter business in no time.
I have been taking a basket weaving class once a week for a month now. I have been practicing at home every other night. I am starting to really understand the technique. I am making a basket for my daughter. I hope to be done with it by Easter.
Julia ordered a steak at the restaurant. When she got it back it was rare. Julia was disgusted. She took the order back. Thankfully they gave her a refund.
Ron studied biology and botany. He often despaired about how little glory there was in his work. Then, he discovered how to extract a cancer cure from a plant. Ron was wooed by the drug companies, and sold them his patent. They squashed its existent, treatments being more profitable for them.
Drew took his plate out of the microwave. He was trying to hold it. Since the plate was hot, it quickly dropped from his hand. It fell on the floor and broke. His soup covered the entire floor.
Lisa and her husband decided it was time to have another child. Lisa stopped her birth control and they started to try for pregnancy. After two weeks, Lisa was convinced she was pregnant. Her husband said it was far too soon to tell. Lisa took a pregnancy test and it was positive.
I went shoe shopping yesterday. I couldn't find any nice pairs. Finally I found the perfect pair. But they cost too much. So I had to wait until they went on sale.
Once a month Bonnie went to the church hall with her grandmother. They would play bingo together. Bonnie was frustrated that she had never one. One day all she needed was B4. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs when B4 was called.
Jerry came to a sudden stop. There was a dog lying in the middle of the road. He got out and approached the animal cautiously. The dog had been hit by another car but was still alive. Jerry went back to his car to get the tire iron.
My kids came outside to see what I was doing. I told them about the woodpecker. They laughed and watched too. Then they wanted to watch the cartoon. I found the disc and put it on for them.
Alan thought about joining the Army. Then he went to pre-enlistment boot camp. It was terrible there! Alan was glad he'd had that experience. He decided the Army wasn't for him after all.
Todd was hungry. He did not have anything to cook at his house. He decided he need to go buy something to cook. On the way to the store Todd decided to make hamburgers. Todd buys everything he needed and goes home and cooks.
Tom was new on campus. Tom's freshman college courses were very demanding. Tom avoided parties. Tom worked hard on is classwork. Tom made honor role his very first semester!
It was snowing outside. So Tina thought to build a snowman. She got three large snowballs together. When she was done it looked great. She immediately took a photo of it.
My cat had been fussy one night. She kept loudly meowing at me. She wouldn't leave the window and kept meowing. I finally went to the window and opened it to look. There was a sweet litter of kittens right there under my window!
Fred had always wanted to play a game of Bocce. Since he didn't have a yard, he feared he wouldn't have the chance. One day Fred was invited to a party at a friend's house. Fred played a glorious game of Bocce at the party. He was happy he had the chance to play Bocce.
Nancy walked towards the library. A man came up to her. Sweat was running through his body. He asked Nancy for a few dollars. Although Nancy was on a budget, she gave him 10 dollars.
The couple went on a romantic getaway to a secluded island. The island was tropical and beautiful. They swam in the blue, clear water. At night, they slept in a hammock on the beach. It was the perfect quiet getaway.
Jessica is afraid of her best friends cat. He keeps hissing and clawing at her. The cat became injured falling out of tree. Jessica rushed the cat to the animal hospital. The cat is now very friendly toward Jessica.
I am a stay at home mom. I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner. I run out of ideas all the time. One day I was running errands and came home to my husband home early. He had made dinner!
Kathy put up a new fence so her dogs could play in the yard. She let them out to play in the mornings. One day, she realized they were not in the yard. They had dug a hole under the fence! Kathy tied her dogs to a tree from then on.
John was waiting for a promotion from his boss. He was working extremely hard every day. Nothing changed after a few months. He got really mad and was considering quitting his job. Finally his boss gave him a promotion the next day.
Allie loved Tiffany's. But she could not afford it. She was surprised on Christmas. Her parents got her a bracelet. She was so thankful.
Jim went to the beach. He put his wallet in his swim trunks. His sister threw him in the water. His wallet fell out and got lost. Jim was angry at his sister.
Jane wanted to eat a spoon of peanut butter. Jane's mother always kept the peanut butter on the kitchen counter. Jane was a little girl and could not reach the kitchen counter. Jane used a chair to climb on to reach the peanut butter. Jane got her spoonful of peanut butter and ate it.
I wanted a drink from the drink machine. I looked in my wallet. I pulled out a dollar. I put the dollar in the machine. The drink came out of the machine.
Kara went to a school to teach a dance to middle school children. The middle school kids were going to put on a musical. Kara brought a small speaker system to play the music for the dance. The kids learned the dance by watching Kara do it with the music. After some practice, they were ready for that part of their show.
Justin was in high school. He usually received good grades. One time he made a mistake and cheated on a test. He tried to hide the fact from his mother. When she found out she took away his car for 2 weeks.
I had practice quite a bit before I took my driver's license. I remember I drove every chance I got from grocery stores and to work. I practice parallel parking until I had it down like math work. I even once drove on the interstate highway to get a feel for it. Finally when the day came I passed with flying colors.
Perry loved learning about his family history. He would spend hours studying the past of his ancestors. One day Perry stumbled upon some information he didn't like. He found out his family was very active in the African slave trade. Perry became very embarrassed and disappointed of his ancestors.
Tom's head felt stuffy. So he decided to eat an orange. His head began to feel more clear. And he wasn't sneezing anymore. From then on, Tom ate an orange everyday.
Sue was going to an outdoor concert. She bought a new outfit in preparation. However, the concert was rained out. Sue ended up staying home. All the money she spent was wasted.
Maddie was a new teacher. She had just signed a contract with a preschool. She was so excited to meet her students! On her first day, she was very nervous. Maddie took a deep breath and welcomed her students.
Tim's job was making him move. Tim was nervous about the move. Maria told Tim it would be okay. Tim moved to Alaska without any problems. Tim is now happy in Alaska.
Nikki needed a rental car while she was out of town. She didn't sign up for insurance because she thought it was a scam. As she was leaving the car lot something bad happened. She wasn't looking and drove right into a pole. The damage she had to pay made her wish she had the insurance.
Barry was getting dressed for an important dinner event. He struggled to tie his tie properly. He had to call his dad to ask him what he was doing wrong. Barry's dad walked him through tying the knot over the phone. In the end Barry had a perfect knot in his tie and looked great.
The three friends had waited for about half an hour. They had gotten fed up with waiting Trish so they each called her. Frustration turned to worry when they hadn't received an answer. They got on their bikes and made their way to her home. Trish's brother said that Trish was asleep so they angrily left.
Fred is looking for ways to make his apartment feel more comfortable. He decides he wants to have a flower in his living room. Fred buys a beautiful Orchid at the flower store. It looks perfect on his coffee table. He feels happy that he has improved how his apartment feels.
Bob is surprised when his truck breaks down on the highway. Bob gets a tow truck to take him to a garage. A police officer comes along and gives them an escort. They arrive safely at the garage. The officer even gives Bob a ride to a car rental company.
Jerry and Lisa were having a baby. The baby was supposed to be a boy. Jerry and Lisa decorated bought a lot of boy items for the baby. The baby ended up being a girl! Jerry and Lisa had to exchange most of their items.
The family was taking a trip. They went to an amusement park together. The kids rode all the rides. They met some cartoon characters, too! They were happy to spend time as a family.
Vanessa was shopping with her mom. They were in the pet store buying some dog food. Vanessa perused the fish tanks as they shopped. A blue fish caught her eye and she begged her mom for it. Luckily her mom said yes and she brought the pet home.
China was browsing the fresh food section of the market. She strolled passed the assorted colors of vegetables and fruit. Everything looked so delicious to her. China picked up a few greens and a melon. Then, she headed for the check-out.
Tony found his life extremely repetitive. He wanted to change it but didn't know how. He started by taking some books at the library in the travel section. After perusing a few of them, he called his travel agent. He booked a flight for Majorca and was pleased with himself.
It was in high school when i decided to enter our school library. I was amazed because there are a lot of books that is entertaining. I tried to open one  book and read it. Every recess time i go the library to read books. Every week i read five different books.
Ryan often wore clashing clothing. His friends and family commented about it regularly. He decided to go to the eye doctor to get checked out. Ryan discovered he is colorblind. He now knows what colors not to wear and does not clash.
Mia is very beautiful. Mia stays in good shape and eats healthy. Because of Mia's good looks, she decides to become a model. Mia moves to New York to pursue modeling. Mia walked the runway in her first fashion show last week.
Nora was a gamer. She bought a new video game. It was exciting but violent. Her mom told her she wasn't allowed to play it anymore. Nora cried and stomped her feet.
Kia had always gotten an allowance of $5 a week for her B average. One day she sat her parents down and proposed a bargain. If she could bring her average up to an A, could she get $10 weekly? They discussed it together, and finally her parents agreed. Kia was thrilled that her proposal had worked!
Janet saw a plate of icing on the kitchen counter. She tried to eat a piece of it. However, she spit the peace out and threw up. Her dad got furious when he saw the icing in the trash. He told Janet that she ate cement instead of icing.
I heard a loud bang. I ran to my child's bedroom. The tent he had over his bed had collapsed. He was trapped inside. I couldn't help but laugh when I heard him giggle.
John ran to avoid the rain when he was going home. John was breathing hard. John realized he was unfit and needed to improve his health. John changed his diet and ran daily. John's health had improved.
Trina had a tough life. Her father and mother were addicted to drugs. But Trina believed in school and graduated. Next, she applied to college and financial aid. Trina's father died, but she graduated from a state university.
Rob was tired of Super Mario Brothers. He asked his dad for a new game. His dad let him buy Contra for Nintendo. He played the game for hours. Until his mother saw the game and took it away for being too violent.
Kylie was watching her baby. The baby was trying to learn to walk. He was scooting along the couch. Suddenly, he started to walk across the floor. Kylie was so excited she didn't get a picture or anything.
Javier had always loved his long, luxurious hair. However, his friends told him he needed to cut his hair short. Finally Javier listened to what they said and got a haircut. Although his friends liked it, Javier did not. He wished he had his long hair back.
Katie thought country music was terrible. She went to a country bar with her friend who insisted it'd be fun. Katie learned a new line dance. It turned out she was having a lot of fun! Katie decided to come back often.
The crowd gathered around the podium. A famous speaker was going to talk. They got silent as he opened his mouth. His speech was inspiring and beautiful. They were so happy to have had the opportunity to listen.
I had a friend named Lisa that I met online. Me and Lisa talked a lot everyday for about a month. I thought she was going to meet up with me, but she made up excuses. Later I found she was talking about me behind me back. That was the last time I tried to befriend a girl online.
Kelly was feeling warm. She decided to open up the window. To her surprise she noticed the screen had broken. She needed to get it fixed. She called up for help.
Jon always ate very slowly. When he went to a family reunion, he was last to finish his meal. One day he decided to start early. He ate half his meal before everyone else. And this time, he finished with everyone.
Gina's brother had a friend with hazel eyes. Everyone was always complimenting his eyes. But Gina didn't like his eyes. There was something cold and evil about them. Gina never felt comfortable when he was around.
Bay was a bad man who had inherited a fortune and spent it badly. He liked to gamble and use drugs. Then one drunken night he bet all his money on a card game. And he lost! Now Bay was as poor in life as he was in spirit!
Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.
Lucy was working a late shift at the clothing store. She hated working the night shift. One customer came in and threw all of the clothes on the floor. Lucy was furious. She ended up asking her to leave.
I was once jump roping on my driveway. As I was, there was a fly circling my head. I shooed him away but he kept coming back. I became more and more annoyed. Finally I smashed him on my forehead.
Ellen worked for hours setting up her dominoes. She made trails through every room in her house. But then, before she had finished, she tripped. She knocked over one single domino, but it was enough. That one domino caused the destruction of the whole trail!
Lydia and her friends were going skydiving. At first Lydia had reservations about jumping out of the plane. As the plane took off her friends encouraged her. Lydia took a deep breath when it was her turn to jump. She had the time of her life during the dive.
Dahlia was turning 30 soon. Her parents arrange a marriage to a local gentleman. He arrived at their house to escort her to the horse races. Dahlia saw his face and fled in terror. He looked more like a horse than the one's at the races themselves.
My shoes were becoming very worn out. I chose to buy a new pair. I went to the local shoe shop. I tried on several different pairs. I found one pair that I really liked and bought them.
I took my son to daycare this morning. We got in the car and buckled up. I drove across town to the daycare center. We walked in and down the hall to his classroom. He ran off to play with his friends right away, and I went back home.
Shay liked to dress her baby up. She especially liked to put bows in her hair. She had a huge collection of bows in the baby's room. When the baby grew into a toddler, she refused to wear the bows. Shay bribed her with candy to keep the bows in her hair.
Tom was a big UFC fan. He saved up money to buy tickets to a live event. He got there early and tried to watch every fight. Most of them were pretty boring. The main event was boring and disappointing as well.
Bob had just graduated college. He needed to find an apartment to live. He searched all over craigslist. He found a studio apartment for $500. Bob immediately paid his security deposit afterwards.
Conner wanted to make a peanut butter sandwich. He went to the kitchen to make a peanut butter sandwich. Unfortunately,he didn't find the jar in its usual place. He eventually found the jar in the refrigerator. Conner proceeded to make the fattest peanut butter sandwich.
Larry flew into London and immediately experienced jet lag. He slept at the hotel for a long spell. Finally, he began to experience the culture. He visited many sites. He ended his trip by riding the double bus which was his main wish.
Alec wanted a new car. He didn't want a loan. He wanted to pay cash. He saved for a long time. He was so happy to get a new car with no payments.
Annie never knew his father. He lived alone with his mother and worked for an old man. The man was strict but fair and treated Annie well. One day, he offered Annie an extra job to make more money. Annie took the job and became richer than the old man.
Francis was a large character in the family. He would always be the first to make jokes at a gathering. At one BBQ, Francis made an inappropriate joke in front of everyone. His grandparents disapproved highly. Francis never thought it would be him offending his grandparents.
Greg was on a hike with his children. He noticed that his son was tossing rocks around. Suddenly his son threw a hefty rock over the side of a cliff. Greg scolded him immediately, warning him of the danger. Luckily, Greg promised to never throw rocks again.
Lacy and Karen got in a fight. They did not talk to each other for two days. They both got very lonely. One day, Lacy apologized. Karen apologized too so they could be friends again.
The man won a contest. He went to the station to collect. He was given a set of tickets. He didn't really like the band. He tried to sell them back to the radio employees.
Tina was really bored one day. She saw a little fox. She decided to play with the fox. The fox bit her however. She then developed a disease.
John was a renowned archer at his local club. They had a shooting tournament during the last week of August. John shot one of his arrows too high and could not find it. A week later a young kid found his arrow that lived nearby. Finding the arrow made the kid pick up archery and join the club.
People entered the hall where the party was starting. Everyone got onto the dance floor as the music was playing. They all started dancing the robot. As the music was winding down people returned to their seats. Everyone enjoyed the party especially the dancing.
My friend asked me to join her on a hike today. I usually do not hike because I do not like forests. Today, I found the courage. As a snake slithered across my path, I screamed very loudly. I quickly turned and ran back home.
Molly wants to go to the dance with Bob. But Bob asks Meg. Out of jealousy Molly spreads rumors that Meg is a slut. When Meg finds out she attacks Molly in the hallway. Both girls get suspended.
Mitch was the new guy on the construction team. His first day, he sat around with the other guys during lunch. The foreman kept telling racist jokes about black people. Mitch really needed the job, but his wife was black. Finally, he couldn't take it and told the guy off.
On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!
The police investigated the man. They could not find anything illegal. They followed him for a little bit. He wondered who they were following. The man was later found guilty.
Anthony had a sore tooth. He went to the dentist. The dentist took an X-ray of the tooth. The dentist filled the cavity in the tooth. Anthony felt better after the dentist appointment.
Jason's daughter Molly was not doing well in college. Jason spoke to her a few days ago before her big test. She told him she would study hard to make sure she does great. The night before, Molly went out with her boyfriend and got drunk. She did not wake up in time to take her test.
Javier's parents tell him he should take up a sport to stay busy. He decides he wants to try basketball. Javier practices with his father before the season starts. Javier plays very well in the first game of the season. He is happy that he decided to play basketball.
Don was mingling at a black tie party with office people. He was schmoozing the crowd while he decided to take a seat. He forgot he has slipped a champagne flute into his back pocket. When he sat down the glass shattered, splintering into his buttocks. Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher.
Maggie was 100 years old. She knew her time was coming to an end soon. She gathered all of her family around her bed side. She told them her final goodbyes. Maggie passed away minutes later.
Allie wanted some nail polish. She wanted some new colors. She couldn't decide what to get however. Finally she decided on green. Yet when she tried it she didn't like it.
Susie wanted to make something. It was for her class. So she made really large peanut butter cups. When she was done they tasted great. Susie was happy with them.
Kenneth decided that his band should write a holiday season song. He figured that it would be a lucrative venture. He failed to account for the glut of holiday seasons competing. Kenneth's song barely got played anywhere at all. In the end, Kenneth decided that his band's niche music did better.
Travis was eating a hamburger. But he couldn't finish it. So he decided to throw it away. But later, he felt guilty about wasting the hamburger. So he decided to eat nothing the whole day.
Gina's siblings were all in a good mood after coming from her uncles. She was sure they had a horrible time. But everything they shared seemed like fun. Gina couldn't believe they had a good time. The one time she didn't go with they had a good time.
Sara wanted to take dance. Her mom knew Sara was clumsy. She enrolled her anyway. Sara ended up being very good. Sara stuck with dance and loved it.
Kate made a snazzy outfit for the first day of school. She just needed a hairpiece. None of her hats looked quite right, though, so she asked her mom. Her mom lent her an old beret that she'd treasured for Years. Kate thought the beret made her outfit look absolutely perfect!
Candice was out for her normal morning run. Along the way she noticed a new person jogging her route. It was a guy who seemed fairly out of shape. He kept staring at her. She got creeped out and ran a different direction.
I never wanted to move houses. My father's job wasn't paying him enough. We had to move to a better job location. My father is much happier now. I am very glad we moved houses.
I took my phone out of it's protective case to clean it. I thought it looked good with no case. I kept it out of the case for about a month and really liked it. I started to get nervous that I would drop it and break it. I dropped it and cracked the screen as I was putting it in the case.
Gene was on the phone with a friend. The call dropped. Gene wasn't able to get in touch with his friend. He drove to his friend's house to check on her. His friend's phone was only dead.
Tom was strolling home from work one day in New York. He noticed people gathered in the park. He noticed two people playing chess. Tom loves chess. Tom asked to play and eventually played with a stranger.
I went to eat for lunch. I had a couple of rolls. The rolls were delicious. I ended up eating two of them. Therefore I was too full for my meal.
Tommy was a lively three year old boy. He had a favorite toy that he always played with. One day his cousin came over and Tommy didn't want to share his toy. His mother was very upset and scolded Tommy. Tommy realized that he had to share and waited for his turn.
Becky is sad about about her weight. She wishes that she was skinny like her sister. She decides to start eating healthier food. The weight is starting to come off. Becky is starting to feel better about her weight.
The family had finally picked out a Christmas tree. They spent half a day searching at six different tree lots. Don't put the tree in the living room to sit before decorating it. All of a sudden he noticed movement in the branches. There was a squirrel that had been living in the tree!
Jason bought a sports car. Jason's girlfriend told him to be careful when driving. Jason does not listen well. Jason wrecked his car while speeding. Jason is now single.
Kyle wanted to get a new computer. He was very broke though. He got a job a bar near his house. With his first paycheck he bought a new computer. He can now use the internet.
Amy was asleep when her family ate dinner. Her mother left a plate covered for her in the refrigerator. She microwaved and took her food to the living room. She sat on the couch and turned on the TV. Since she was alone, the TV would be her company.
Irene went to the amusement park with her sisters. The girls had a great time all day. But when they got home, Irene saw that she was badly sunburned! She applied aloe ointment, which helped soothe her skin. But she was still very sore for several days afterwards.
Bobby was a city boy and thought all fruit came in containers. He was visiting his uncle who had blueberry bushes. Bobby couldn't believe he could pull blueberries off and eat them. They were the freshest berries he'd ever tasted. He kept going back for more throughout the day.
Adam used to be a big time funny celebrity. He made hit after hit. One day Adam's comedy begin to get stale. He made one bad movie after another. Adam just wasn't funny anymore.
Zaddy Tracks was given a medicine by his veterinarian. He took it everyday. One day when his owner tried to give him his medicine he ran away. He ran through the living room under furniture then went outside. He was outside for a while then came back in only to get his medicine.
Mike got a job in a city far away from his friends. He loved the city at first, but soon became lonely. He realized he needed to make new friends. Mike joined a sports league. Soon he had a nice group of friends to hang out with.
Pippa loved to collect dolls. As a young girl, her favourite doll was Barbie. She thought she lost this Barbie decades ago. After doing some DIY, Pippa spotted something underneath the floor. It was her Barbie doll covered in decades of dust.
Steve wanted to fly planes. He took a class on how to fly them. Steve learned a lot. He became a real pilot! He was happy that his dreams came true!
Peter was walking home one night. He noticed a bright object moving in the sky. After watching the object for several minutes, Peter heard a noise. He turned around immediately and saw a man holding a controller. Peter looked back at the object and saw that it was a drone.
Timothy was nervous. He was about to go up and ask his crush to dance. He walked directly up to her and boldly asked her to dance. It was the bravest thing he had ever done. She said yes and they went off dancing the night away.
Chuck was overweight and always tired of not having a girlfriend. He decided to make some lifestyle changes. He cancelled his cable tv and joined a gym. He exercised and ate healthy for five months. He started to feel good about himself and started to date!
Debra was diagnosed with a deadly cancer. Chemo and numerous drugs were all the doctors could offer. Debra wanted to live but she didn't want to undergo chemo. Instead, she tried an alternative treatment she found online. Debra passed away a few months later.
Tim got picked on at school by a bully. Every day the bully would pull his hair. Tim told the teacher, but that just made the bully more upset. Tim decided to stick with a large group of friends. The bully never picked on him again.
Doris thought she could really sing, but everyone knew different. Her singing was almost painful to the ears, but no one ever told her. She stood up to sing in church, and the congregation almost groaned. The pastor began to pray very loudly and everyone bowed their heads He prayed until dismissal, and everyone was truly thankful.
Anita wanted to make her son's father upset. She asked him to come and pick up their baby. When he arrived, she said she'd take the baby on her date. The father was upset and asked for his son. Anita left with her date and her son, his father chasing behind them.
Randy sang from the time he woke up until he went to sleep. Actually, this isn't true, as he had to eat as well. His mother asked him to stop sometimes so she had to think. He felt bad that when he tried, he ended up starting again. Finally he found the answer: he got her noise-cancelling headphones.
Nicholas needs new tires on his car so he heads to the store. They try selling him very expensive tires. The tires are out of his price range. Nicholas gets frustrated. Nicholas leaves the shop without new tires.
Bill was late on his electricity payments. It was winter and he couldn't afford them. They cut off his power. Bill had to keep warm with a gas heater. He stayed without electricity for months.
Jill's ex comes back into the picture. Jill's boyfriend is jealous that the ex has more in common with her. So he starts reading and quoting great works of literature. Jill knows what her boyfriend is doing. She reassures him that he has no reason to feel threatened.
Pam is married to her Husband Jeff. Things have been really rocky as of late. Jeff isn't the same person anymore. Pam decides she can't do the marriage anymore and leaves. Pam and Jeff get a divorce and go their own ways.
I made eggs yesterday. After I put the eggs in the pan I realized something. I forgot to spray it. I immediately sprayed it. As soon as I did that, flames erupted.
It was dinner time at Alex's house. His mother bought pizza. Alex wanted to eat pizza out of his Spiderman bowl. His mother told him he had to eat off a plate. Alex refused to eat until she put pizza in his Spiderman bowl.
Randy was a great singer. His friends suggested he join the local men's choir. He went through the lengthy application process. At his audition, he blew the judges away. They signed him on to the choir almost immediately.
Kayla was miserable at her job. Her boss was annoying and unreasonable. One day he was being especially unfair. Kayla had enough. She got up and walked out the door, never to return.
Bob found an old baseball in his attic. So he and his friend, Mike, decided to play catch with it. Eventually, Bob let his Mike have the baseball. But Mike noticed a faded signature on  it. He was able to sell it for $1000.
Dori told her mom she was going to be a grandma to twin girls. Dori's mom was so excited, and she wanted to do something special. She purchased some yarn and found a cute baby blanket pattern. She decided to make one pink blanket and one yellow blanket. Dori was surprised to see the beautiful blankets at her baby shower.
I had been working on mTurk all day. It was 10:30 and I was tired. We were getting ready to go to bed. Suddenly I saw there were hits available for telling stories. I stayed up for another hour writing stories.
Veronica wanted to beat her brothers score on an arcade game. She went to the arcade to practice for many days. She worked as hard as she could to become better at the game. Finally she invited her brother to challenge her to a round. They both ended up tying and decided to say they were both good.
Emma had moved into an old house with her family. One night she heard footsteps in the attic. She cautiously rose from bed and went to the stairs of the attic. At the top of the stairs was her father with a cigarette in his mouth. He had taken to smoking again, and was trying to keep it a secret.
Paul didn't want to go to school today. He pretended to be sick. He stayed home and was playing video games. When his mom saw how good he was feeling, she knew he lied. Now Paul is grounded for two weeks.
My son went to Hull last weekend. My wife told him to wear sunscreen. He was there for hours and got a sunburn. She wanted to know why he did apply sunscreen. He said he did, but it did not work.
My wife used the vacuum cleaner today. It is very noisy. Our cat hates it. She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped. She slowly came out and is fine now.
June was a new mother. One day, her baby seemed particularly warm. She was afraid and decided to take him to the ER. They checked the baby out just to be safe. Luckily, June was just over worrying and the baby was fine.
Martin enjoyed playing the guitar. He had always wanted to be in a band. One day he met a new friend who played the drums. Martin and his friend formed their own band. They had fun playing their music at parties.
Joy's brother was always trying to scare her. One morning she found a rubber snake on the kitchen floor. When she bent to pick it up it moved. It wasn't a trick her brother left, it was real. She screamed as she ran out of the room.
When Marcy felt that familiar grumble in her stomach she looked up. It had been several hours since she had eaten last, she remembered. Closing her book, she got up and grabbed her bag and phone. She called Michael to see if he could meet her for lunch. Marcy spent the  afternoon well fed and in great company.
Joe was looking for a new route to work. He decided to try a road that looked shorter on the map. Everyone told him that was a bad route. He took it anyway. Stuck behind a farm tractor at 20 mph he realized they were right.
Sandy went to the beach with her mother on Saturday. A floating jellyfish stung Sandy while she played in the ocean. Sandy became scared of going to the beach. Sandy's mother took her back to the beach on Sunday. Sandy decided that the beach was fun if there were no jellyfish.
Jenny came into house. A small puppy tried to climb on her legs. When she tried to walk away, the dog followed her around the house. She tried running however, the dog was persistent. The owner ended up carrying the dog away.
I used to think marriage was the best thing since ice cream. I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug. I have watched them argue, fuss and fight. Pre marriage counseling has failed them obviously. That's why I think Tracy and Doug deserve a refund.
Hannah was getting tired of doing homework. So she decided to take a snack break. She walked to the kitchen to get some snacks. But she heard her neighbor's dog barking. Hannah was unable to resume her homework after her snack break.
The dog ran into the kitchen. The cat was on the stove. The cat pushed a piece of food off. The dog ate the food. The cat then ate the food on the stove.
Jerry asked if his friend can pay him for climbing the monkey bars. They agreed to hand him $10 dollars each. He grabbed the first bar and climbed across. His hand ended up slipping on one of the bars. He landed on the ground, with his stomach falling first.
Stu forgot he had a paper due. Stu remembered two days before the paper was due. He spent the last two days writing as much as he could. Stu turned in what he had done on the due date. Stu got a D on the paper.
Jenny loved telling stories to her friends. But as her leads always died, her friends didn't like her stories. They asked her if she could tell happy stories. Jenny tried but couldn't come up with a happy ending. As no one wanted to hear her story anymore, she wrote them down.
I was following Tina while we walked down the stairs. One of her heels broke. She quickly fell down the stairs and landed on her back. I immediately rushed to find out if she's hurt. Since her leg broke, I took her to the hospital.
She sat angrily at her desk. She was sick of being picked on. He had just told her she wasn't trying hard enough. She yelled at him, slamming down her keyboard. She stood up and stormed out of the room.
Dan had car problems. He checked under the hood to see what was wrong. After some tests he realized the carburetor was broken. Dan bought a replacement online. He swapped it out and was good to go.
Jan usually kept quiet about annoyances. When she got upset by something, she would keep it inside. She also rarely drank. One night, some coworkers invited her out for drinks. She got drunk and blurted out a lot of private info about ex lovers.
Devon was proud to be a nobody. His ambition was to be the most inconspicuous man alive. He succeeded very well most of his life. But one day when he caught a thief with one hand, he was a sensation. He was in all the papers and he was miserable.
Joe wanted to donate blood. Joe decided to go to a clinic after work to do just that. Joe got his arm rubbed with an alcohol swab. He then got his upper arm prepped for the donation. When the nurse brought out the needle, Joe promptly fainted!
Burning was a dota player. He knew in his heart that he could not win. He never gave up, despite loss after loss. After years of grueling training, he finally won one single game. And on that day he died.
I walked into my high school home ec class and sat down. The teacher said we weren't going to lunch that day. There had been a call about a bomb threat. I was frustrated because our room was right next to the cafeteria. I asked to leave, and was told no.
Jane was sad. She thought she wasn't invited to her friend's dinner party. She was too shy to bring it up. One day Jane's friend asked her why she looked sad. She explained she sent an invite that must have gotten lost.
Scott ate a lot of Ramen noodles when he was in college. He liked them very much at first and was glad they were so cheap. By the time Scott graduated, however, he was tired of those noodles. Scott still had several packages of Ramen noodles in the cabinet. He left them all there for his roommates when he moved out.
Emma was having a hard time conceiving. So she and her husband went to see a fertility specialist. He gave her hormones to help her get pregnant. She lucked out and got pregnant the first month of trying. Her first ultrasound revealed she was having triplets!
Joe told his mom he was entered in an art contest. Proud of her own skill, his mom was excited about the contest. When Joe started drawing, she stood over his shoulder. As she gave advice, Joe lost interest in the piece. When Joe abruptly laid down his pencil, his mom picked it up to draw.
Ethan's parents told him they would go to Disney World soon. If Ethan misbehaved, the trip would be cancelled. During school, Ethan tripped a little girl and made her cry. He also lost his homework. Ethan's parents cancelled their vacation.
Ricky came home starving. But nothing appealed to him. Then his eyes lit on the pancake mix. He was thrilled and hungry! Ricky made breakfast for dinner - and loved it.
Sierra fell in love with a man named Mark. They dated for four years. One night, they were out on an anniversary date. Mark got down on one knee and proposed. Sierra said yes, and they got married the following year.
Three men robbed a local barbershop yesterday. Two masked men entered the shop and held patrons at gunpoint. One of them emptied all the cash registers. The other took cash and jewelry from customers. The two then fled in a vehicle driven by a third man.
Don and Andrea dated for a long time in high school. Don finally gave Andrea his class ring. They broke up a few weeks after that. Don asked Andrea to return his ring. She did not want to see Don, so she put the ring in his mailbox.
The football team made it to the state playoffs. The whole school was ready to cheer them on. However, the quarterback got hurt in the first quarter. The freshman backup was called in. The team still won!
Tom loved being social. He wanted to please people. He decided to throw a party. He hired a great DJ. Everyone had a great time at the party.
Tim was playing chess. He played against Joe. Tim beat Joe five times. Joe began to cry. Tim explained that Joe is still a winner because he always tries.
Porters friends and family have noticed that he has gained weight. One day his father recommends that he try working out. Porter does pushups for a few weeks to try to get in shape. However, he finds that he hates exercise. Porter resigns himself to gaining more weight.
Rob was good at track. Rob practiced everyday. Rob signed up for a race. Rob ran as fast as he could at the race. Rob won the race.
Derrick really wants to learn how to type. Derrick goes out and buys himself a nice keyboard. Derrick practices day and night for months. Derrick has improved a lot since he first started. Derrick is very happy that he learned how to type.
I was minding my own business standing on the street. A strange came by and standing next to me. I didn't know why he was standing by me. He then randomly farts and leaves. I didn't know wether to be confused or disgusted.
The couple had never driven cross-country. They set out on a Sunday and planned to travel for a month. The drive got very boring after a few days. Instead of continuing on, they decided to give up and turn back. THey were happy to be back in their own home.
Alice was having a bad smell in her home. She went to the store. Alice bought several candles. The candles eliminated the odors. Alice lit the candles regularly.
Nicki was feeling very creative. She got out all of her art supplies. Nicki spent the whole day making crafts. She gifted the crafts she made to her friends. Her friends were very happy with their gifts.
I wanted the prettiest doll in the store. I pulled on my daddy's hand. He laughed at my antics. I was so excited. I chose a brand new barbie.
Lucy and Lisa decided to play Barbie dolls. They girls brought all of Lisa's dolls into the yard. They girls played with the dolls in the grass. They quickly got tired of their dolls camping. The girls brought Lisa's whole doll house out into the yard.
There were no muffins. I was hoping there would be some when i got home. I walked through the door. I went to the kitchen. And I checked the pantry.
Kim got engaged and her fiance's parents threw her a party. Jim told her his mom's signature dish was French onion soup. Kim hated onions, but knew it would be rude to not eat. She tried some onion dishes at home, but still hated them all. At the party, she told Jim's mom she was allergic and all was fine.
Amanda was sick with the flu. She felt absolutely terrible. As a result she had to call in sick. Amanda made sure to rest and drink fluids. Thankfully the next day she felt better.
Jonathan wanted to eat some leftovers. He had no plans so he stuck a bowl in the oven. When the food was heated, he pulled the bowl out. It was so hot that he burned his fingers just trying to set it down. Luckily a pot holder solved the issue so he could eat.
Tony is a very hard worker. He has worked on the family farm for many years. His favorite thing to do was driving the big tractor. There were many more chores he did but the tractor was what he loved. He knew the farm would be his one day in the future.
Vickie was my best friend from when I was three years old. We played together everyday in fields behind our houses. One day I moved across the country. I missed Vickie so I looked her up on the Internet. We started talking by email then got together in real life.
Hamid works as a grocery cart getter. In the winter, Hamid hates the way people drive. One woman almost runs him over in the lot. he throws a snowball at her. Hamid loses his job.
Kate's brothers were in her grandpa's room. She walked over to see them looking at a rifle. She made them leave and told their mother. She didn't want to tell on them. But she was smart enough to know a rifle is no toy.
It was Anna's first trip to the ocean. She had only ever swum in pools before. The huge beauty of the sea took her breath away! But soon she plunged in and frolicked in the waves. Anna found the ocean amazing - and fun!
Jack went to the beach to work on his tan. He only planned to stay for an hour so he skipped the lotion. He fell asleep out in the sun. He woke up with a horrible sunburn. Jack vowed to never go to the beach without lotion again.
The game was all tied ten to ten. Brett hiked the ball. He stepped back and ran to his right. Brett threw the ball to a receiver. Brett's team scored a touchdown and won.
Jane bought a new skirt. She didn't realize it shrank in the wash. She put it on and it barely fit. At first Jane thought she gained weight. She then noticed it was made of cotton.
The waitress record my food order. When she was trying to bring the food to me, she bent one knee. The food fell on the ground and she landed on her back. Instead of worrying about the food, I tried to help her get up. She thanked me afterwards.
I was sitting on my front porch. I felt my chair start shaking. The shaking got worse and I heard a strange sound. A helicopter came screaming above my house. It passed by quickly.
Omar had been tasked with training the new employee at his company. He was a little nervous. What if the new guy did not like him? But as they worked, Omar realized they two were very alike. He ended up becoming great friends with his new trainee!
We recently got a rescue dog which seems afraid of everything. She doesn't like to go into the front yard so we must carry her out. Today, while she was outside, a man was walking his dog past our yard. Our new dog surprised us by running over to the front fence. The two dogs then sniffed each other and our dog looked very happy.
Jill decided that she would like to make Christmas cookies. She looked online for recipes she would like to try. She found a recipe for sugar cookies with frosting. Jill made the cookies with her daughter. They both enjoyed making and eating the cookies.
Bill always liked music. He didn't play any musical instruments. Bill decided he was going to learn to play guitar. He became very good after much practice. Today, Bill has his own band.
Kelly decided to get some chocolate ice cream. She put it in a cone. Yet while she was walking, she dropped it. A large scoop fell onto the floor. She then proceeded to pick it up.
I was really hungry for breakfast. My sister went to the store to buy breakfast for herself. I asked her to buy me something as well. She told me that she wouldn't buy me any breakfast. When she returned, she surprised me with a doughnut.
Matt's computer was broken. He called repair centers to get it fixed. However, they charged a lot of money. Matt's friend offered to fix it for free. Matt was very grateful to his friend.
Carl was on a first date. He was nervous and ate too much at dinner. He felt sick the rest of the night. He had to cancel the date early to go to the bathroom. Carl was too embarrassed to ask for a second date.
Kenny was a tight wad. He hated paying for things, especially haircuts. He decided to go to a haircutting school to save his money. He quickly found out you get what you pay for. The girl gave him the worst haircut of all time.
Tom was very competitive. Tom was a middle school student. Tom enjoyed watching arm wrestling. Tom exercised his forearms daily for months. Tom challenged the football team captain and won.
James was a novice computer programmer. He had made a few video games and a few webpages. James got an email one day about a design job. He quickly replied that he would be interested and began to prep. James wound up being hired by the government to write spy software.
Holly stayed up watching movies. She was tired at school. Holly fell asleep in class. Her teacher saw Holly napping. Holly got written up for detention.
Larry found out his best friend from school, Jake was moving away. He told his mom, crying about how much he would miss him. His mom suggested that they keep in touch on the internet. Larry exchanged emails with Jake. Now Larry and Jake email and instant message each other everyday.
I was invited to a halloween party for this weekend. I am having trouble assembling my costume. I decided to go as a chef. I can't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere. All I can find are actual normal chef hats.
Brian hasn't exercised in many Year's. He's embarrassed to go to the local gym because he is out of shape. One day he decides to take a run around the block. Brian gets home feeling exhilarated after his run! He is very proud that he has begun to exercise again.
The nurse placed me into a room. She left after reminding me that my doctor is coming. I ended up waiting for several hours. My doctor came in and started to talk about my procedure. Since I was tired, it was hard to listen.
Nick and Jennifer met at a golf course. They decided to have their first date at a local restaurant. Jennifer was late because she couldn't decide which dress to wear. When she arrived, Nick told her she looked beautiful. Their date went very well and they planned another one!
Dorothy had never been so insulted in her life! She is a big girl, some say fat, and she wore all black to work. During her lunch break, she walked backwards while talking to someone. Behind her someone said, beep beep beep! Then he said, She's so fat she should come with a warning signal.
Joe rented a movie from one of the last rental stores. He had it for five days so he was going to keep it that long. At the end of the fifth day he decided to take it back. The store closed early that night. Joe now has to pay a ten dollar late fee on a five dollar movie.
Minnie always dreamed of growing up and having kids. When she was old enough, she married a man from the neighborhood. They had a son, and for years the son did everything she said. When he became a teenager, he started to think for himself. Minnie didn't like that and missed the days he was her little boy.
Alicia always thought gardening looked fun. On her last summer break she read a book about starting a garden. After reading she went to the store and bought some supplies. Alicia planted herbs and flowers in her new garden. She loved watching everything grow and new she had found a new hobby.
Max was getting ready for the big snow storm. He had a shovel, but did not have salt to melt the ice. Max went to the store to buy the salt. He was able to buy the last bag of salt. Max got home right as the snow began to fall.
Samantha thought she was the best artist in school. There was an art contest coming up soon and Samantha wasn't worried. She barely even tried in her art because she was so confident. Samantha got third place in the contest. Samantha became aware that she still has room to improve.
Barney had a cat named Pickles. Pickles liked to hunt rats. Sometimes Pickles left rats in Barney's bed. This made Barney angry. Barney doesn't have a cat anymore.
Tim didn't feel fulfilled in his life. He wanted to give back somehow. Tim decided to volunteer at a local homeless shelter. The work wasn't great but he helped a lot. Tim felt much better.
Anna was struggling to deliver her first baby. She was in a lot of pain. The nurse offered her an epidural to help her. Anna gratefully agreed. The epidural helped her deal with the pain.
Zoey was playing in the yard when a stray cat walked up. She liked cats so she attempted to pet the creature. The cat angrily hissed and jumped away. Zoey didn't realize that the cat was in an angry mood. Luckily her mom came and saved Zoey from being harmed.
John wanted to pull some pranks. He and a buddy went to their local library. They filmed themselves throwing plastic spiders on people. They uploaded the prank videos to Youtube. Now, John and his buddy are internet prank stars!
I always play my mom in Tennis at least once a month. I have been taking lessons and getting a lot better. My Mom use to play professionally and has been keeping up her skills. Last week it looked like I was going to beat her for the first time. She really played hard so I felt incredible when I won the final set.
When I landed in Orlando it was chaos. I thought it would be a simple airport but it was anything but. I tried to find my way around but the crowds of people were in the way The airport also had many twists and turns. It took me about an hour simply to get through.
Sam was driving down a highway. He saw a car on the side of the road. It appeared the car had a flat tire. There was no one around the car. Sam got back in his car and drove away.
Hank was working in his yard one morning. While mowing the lawn, he discovered a wasps nest. Surprised, he rushed indoors. He researched how to safely remove the nest. Later that day, he took the proper measures to get rid of it.
My town has really weird traditions. It is a small town so things don't really change. There is something that is new this year. An all out puppy parade instead of the traditional Christmas parade. Dogs of all kinds flooded the streets and marched to Christmas songs.
Jessica was upset. She was in a public place. She tried to hold back her tears. She was unable to hold them back. She began crying in a public place.
Lois was the school bully. She picked on younger and weaker kids. She didn't care for others feelings. One day lois pushed the wrong Kid. The kid made Lois pay dearly and she was never a bully again.
Two young men were playing roughly in their rented house. During a scuffle, one boy was thrust into the wall. When he stood up from the wall, he saw he left a hole. The young men hung up a poster to cover their destruction. Their landlord never noticed it when he inspected it.
Martha was very hungry. She had not eaten in hours. She felt as though she could eat her hand. By the time her food came she devoured it. It was delicious.
I was trying to run to the touchdown. Gary was moving towards me. I tried to dodge him but ended up slipping. When I looked at my pants, there were grass marks. The teacher took me to the bathroom to clean them up.
First Malia took down her art supplies. She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw. She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard. She had changed her design into a mural and worked on it happily. When she was done, her mom hung the mural on the living room wall.
My shirt had a thread on the that came loose. I tried to yank it off but it did no break from the shirt. Instead the thread kept getting longer and longer. All the pulling made my shirt smaller and smaller. I kept pulling until all I had was a pile of string and no shirt.
Josh and Julie had been dating for 2 years. He had decided he wanted to propose. He bought the perfect ring. He took her to dinner one night. Then finally popped the question and she said yes.
Sue found a mole on her arm. It was dark in color and raised. She decided to have it checked by the doctor. The doctor decided to biopsy it. It ended up being benign and cancer-free.
Rene has just got his driving permit and is excited. She takes a few months to really learn how to drive with her parents. The day comes and she is ready to take the driver's road test. Rene is very nervous while driving and she is extra cautious. Rene is told she has passed the test and will be getting her licenses.
I was walking with Rich around the woods. Winter was just ending. We crunched through the snow to a pond. Rich stepped out onto the ice. It gave way when I did and I ended up soaked.
Casey decided to bake a cake. She thought she bought all the ingredients. However, when she got home she could not find the icing. Casey had to go back to the store. Her cake was finally complete.
Crys had always stayed home with her kids. Now that her kids were in school she decided to look for a job. She applied for many jobs and finally got an interview. She got all dressed up and went to the interview. Crys got a job at a doctor's office.
Charles' life was considered a wreck. He had poor credit and he couldn't keep a job. A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going. Charles took his advice and laughed at himself. But it was hard to laugh while the police were towing his car.
It hadn't snowed in Ireland in over ten years. It had been an excessively warm summer so the worst was expected. Two weeks before Christmas a huge blizzard came. It shut the city down for two weeks. Christmas day it rained and washed all of it away.
Chase was in class in the morning. Suddenly his teacher let them know that there was an announcement. One of their classmates had gone missing. Chase decided to help search for him after school. It took a month, but eventually the kid was found safe.
Tina and her husband have been married for several years. They recently decided it was time to start a family. They tried for months to get pregnant. After a year, Tina finally found out she was pregnant. Tina is now preparing to tell her family the pregnancy news.
Siegfried was playing chess in the park. He was playing with an old man. The old man was too good. Siegfried lost every game. Siegfried smiled though because he knew he let him win.
Sharon was watching a show on Home and Gardens TV. Her husband Bob sat down next to her on the couch. Bob didn't like what she was watching and picked up the remote. She asked him to please let her finish the show she was watching. Bob changed the channel anyway.
Kate and Tom wanted a baby. After 3 years Kate had not conceived naturally. They went to a specialist, who helped them get IVF treatments. After two implantation cycles, Kate became pregnant! Nine months later Kate and Tom had a lovely baby daughter.
Tom wanted to be healthier. He started eating more salads. They were bland and gross. He started adding chicken and ranch dressing. After a while the salads were no longer healthy for tom.
Jared didn't want to take a test. He knew his parents wouldn't let him skip class. He decided to pretend to be sick. His parents didn't believe him. Jared had to take the test anyway.
Jane really did not like golf. Nevertheless, here she was with her husband at the sixth hole. Getting bored, Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt. Jane's husband missed his putt and double bogeyed the hole. Her husband told Jane that she did not need to attend the next outing.
Rachel really wanted a stick of gum. But she didn't have a quarter to buy some. So she wrote a story for 23 cents. Several days later she got the money for the gum. The gum was all the sweeter for the long wait.
Laura wanted to go to the mall with me one day. We didn't know this but it was a holiday, so it was very busy! She looked around at clothes and we got a burger from a food place. She asked me if I wanted to look anywhere but I wasn't interested. On our way home she told me that she bought a few shirts.
Tom had a pet cat he kept outdoors. Tom was lonely walking home from school alone every day. His cat started meeting him halfway. They walked back together. Tom no longer felt lonely.
Tom's table rattled. He figured he'd cut the legs to even it out. Unfortunately he cut wrong and created a new rattle. He tried to fix it again a few more times. Eventually it was too short to use.
Pete was a big music fan. He loved spending time at local record stores. He was upset when many of them started closing their doors. His friend suggested he start frequenting swap meets. Pete found lots of good albums at local swap meets.
Corey wanted to try every flavor of ice cream at the shop. He waited in line and asked for all flavors in a bowl. It took so long to scoop it out that most of them melted. He told people it tasted much like a warm espresso or a slushie. Everyone thought he was lying to keep this secret to himself.
Louis loved alligators. One day Louis decided to capture an alligator at his local pond. Louis took the alligator home. The alligator was too rough to keep as a pet. Louis took the alligator back to the pond and released him.
Ken was working as a secretary. One day he was handling a lot of papers. One of them gave him a paper cut. It hurt and bled more than Ken expected. He wound up needing a band-aid.
Kate had eaten crab legs for dinner at a restaurant. Her friend had also ordered crab legs. Her friend then began to scratch. It turned out she was allergic to seafood. Kate sat in a stunned silence.
The other day I wanted to make peanut butter and crackers. I went to the cupboard to get the crackers. I then went to the fridge to get the peanut butter. I laid out everything and made ready to make my meal. But when I opened the package of crackers they were broken!
Cathy has over 100 pairs of shoes. She asked her husband to build her shoe racks. She came home from work one day and found a surprise. Her closet had been transformed. Her husband had built her the ultimate shoe closet.
Brett was an average, awkward high school student. He constantly felt self-conscious and unwanted at school. During his sophomore year, he was invited to a party. Brett was nervous, but still decided to go. He became the life of the party and broke out of his shell.
Dan has worn the same pair of boots for almost 20 Years. The boots are now completely worn out. Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair. Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones. He hopes that his new boots also last 20 Years.
John and Matt were arguing today at lunch, no one could stop them. After a while, Matt got very angry and threatened John. John got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate. Matt picked up a piece of cake from his plate and pointed it at John. Right before they could fight, Mrs Steiner yelled at both of them.
Emma forgot to set her alarm clock before bed. She woke up 20 minutes later than usual. Emma hurried to get dressed and eat. Emma rushed to put on her shoes. She made it to the corner just as the school bus pulled up.
Sheena had always wanted to be a boxer. She trained daily, for many years. Finally, the day came when she could get in the ring. She held her own for many rounds, eliciting much applause. Paralyzed now from the waist down, she regrets the wasted time.
Christian was camping with his girlfriend Aline. While driving to the bath house he realized his car was low on gas. The nearest gas station was over 20 minutes away. He asked a fellow camper for some gas so he could make the drive. The camper obliged and Christian was able to fill up his car.
The neighborhood punks were messing with a girl. They were because she was alone. Billy saw this and tackled the punk leader. As they were struggling the girl fled. But the punks beat him up.
Millie was shopping for her wedding. She wanted to be thrifty about bridesmaids dressed. Unfortunately cheaper dresses tended to be ugly. Then Millie spotted a beautiful dress with a low price. She snagged it and ordered them right away.
I had the most painful feeling in my tooth. It felt like my tooth was on fire. I tried putting ice on it but it didn't help. I went to the store and bought pain medicine. After taking the medicine, I was fine.
Anna was having her first baby. She did not want to use any drugs. The pain grew excruciating. She almost gave in, but she managed to resist. Afterwards, she was very proud of her resolve.
Mark had lived in Maine for his whole life. But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster. He talked to some guys at the local fish market. One guy said he would take him out the next weekend. They went out and used traps and caught a lobster!
Tim had invested his annual savings into the stock market. He put the majority of this money in one stock. After a few months his portfolio started increasing. By the end of the year Tim had accumulated 1 million dollars. Tim was able to retire early at the age of 30.
There was an overweight man named Edgar. He was so overweight he had trouble walking. One day, he told himself he would lose weight no matter what. So he exercised for many months every single day. In one year he was fit and no longer overweight.
Eli borrowed a book from the library. While cleaning his room, the book was pushed under his bed. Months went by, and Eli forgot about the book. Then he got a letter in the mail. The library was asking him to pay his late fee of 400 dollars.
Alice stayed at the edge of the stage to look out at the crowd. She shuffled the cards in her hand filled with notes. She walked to the podium and adjusted the microphone. Fear nearly overwhelmed her but she started to talk. The crowd gave her a standing ovation when she finished.
When they told me Gary Shandling had died I did not believe it. I asked other people but most did not know Gary Shandling. I checked my internet but it was down or off. I turned on the television but it said stay tuned. I watched the ten o'clock news and now I know Gary Shandling is dead.
Linda was afraid no one would invite her to any holiday parties. She feared having to spend Christmas all alone. But the week before, she received three party invitations! Linda had to juggle all three parties in one weekend. She spent her holiday very busy, and very happy, after all!
I rescued a stray dog I found walking around my town. The dog was small, black and very dirty. I gave him a bath and fed him at my house. I then posted an advertisement on Craigslist to find the owner. I still have not been able to find the owner, unfortunately.
For Haun, snacks are important for watching movies. He gets the same snacks every time he's at the cinema. Haun orders lemonade, popcorn, and gummy bears. Today he also got a hot dog. Haun thinks he may like his snacks more than movies.
Will wanted to go down to the nearby cemetery. He decided to wait until midnight to leave. Will briskly walked to the cemetery by the park. He poked around the tombstones and touched their inscriptions. After a lap around the cemetery he went back home to sleep.
Tom was in an off broadway play. They had a terrible opening night. Reviews were mostly negative. They had much better following shows. Unfortunately the bad press had already doomed them.
I used to be very afraid of the dark. I was so scared of it, that it would keep me up at night. Then one day my parents bought me a night light. Now I keep the light on at night all the time. It helps me not be afraid of the dark.
James and Natalie met on a reality tv show. James just got out of a long term relationship. Natalie had been single for 3 years. James had no intention of dating anybody so soon. James fell head over heels for Natalie, who reciprocated the feelings.
Linda loved hiking in the woods. Last week she decided to go late at night. It was scary being all alone. She didn't feel safe. But the beauty of the night stars was worth it.
Kyle decided he was tired of being a school teacher. He scoured the internet for cool job listings. Nothing that was posted suited his interests. He decided to choose his own career path and settled for Ninja. Kyle now frequents the unemployment office in his Ninja costume.
Rick had his first football game Saturday. He was really nervous. He did not start playing well. After he calmed down he played much better. Rick even scored a touchdown in the last quarter.
Jane was coaching a soccer team. She was teaching them lots of plays. The team played their first game very well. They won by a point. Jane was so proud of her team!
Carl's girlfriend couldn't cook. She wanted to make him a romantic dinner. She got food from a restaurant. She reheated it and served it to Carl in a romantic setting. Carl knew she didn't cook but enjoyed the meal.
Karl loved playing soccer. He spent all his time at the soccer field. He played for seven hours straight one day. His friends all told him to go home and relax. He just sat at the field to find someone else to play with.
Matt was a freelance writer. He wrote stories all the time. One day he ran out of story ideas. Then he sat for a while and thought of new ideas. Now he has a lot of story ideas to write about.
Tom and his buddies loved playing video games. One of his buddies had an all-weekend gaming marathon. At the end of the marathon, the buddy felt a pain in his right leg. The buddy went to the doctor to inquire. He learned he developed a blood clot sitting around all weekend!
Carlos was missing something in his room. He knew what it was. He needed a lava lamp. Carlos always loved lava lamps. So Carlos bought one.
Sharon never learned to drive a manual transmission. She asked her dad to show her how to drive one. He took her out and showed her how to use a clutch. After a burned out clutch and transmission she learned it. Sharon is not allowed to drive her Dad's manual transmission car.
Gina's family pulled up out front of her grandma's house. They had been driving the whole day. The front door was open, and their grandma was standing on the porch. The kids ran from the car and hugged their grandma. Gina was too old to run, but she walked swiftly to hug her grandma.
Ally and her friends were gathered around the firepit. Their parents had set it up for them to toast marshmallows. Each of them had a stick with a marshmallow cooking over the flame. They toasted them carefully to make sure they didn't get burned. When they were perfect, they took them off and ate them.
I used to use iTunes, but decided it was too limited. After finding a better music service, I tried to transfer over files. ITunes wouldn't let me transfer my music. I had to reformat all of my music to get it to work anywhere else. Even after I did that, nearly a quarter of my music was missing.
Tom was trying to drink some water. He got it from the tap. Tom noticed it came out dirty. He called the water company. It was a broken pipe and they fixed it.
Donald was drinking tea. It was out of a glass bottle. He dropped it by accident. It broke on the floor. Donald had to carefully clean up the glass.
Dave liked to do thrilling things on his bike. There was a cliff near his house and he had an idea. He peddled as fast as he could while going towards the cliff edge. His goal was to stop right before the cliff for an adrenaline rush. The cliff is called Dave's Mistake now.
Martin was walking to school. He peered inside a neighbor's house. His neighbor Mister Green was having sex with another woman. Martin called Mister Green's wife and told her. Martin smiled because he loved to interfere in other's business.
White loved to use his crayon every day. He used it almost every time he could. One day, the crayon ran out. White had to run to the store to buy another. Finally, White was able to use a new crayon.
Donny and James wanted to try some alcohol. Donny told James there was rubbing alcohol in his bathroom. James and Donny each took sips of rubbing alcohol. Donny's sister caught them and called poison control. Donny and James had to go to the emergency room.
Al and Tara can't agree what to watch on TV. Al wants to watch soaps. Tara wants to watch the news. They play Paper, Rock, Scissors to decide. Tara wins and gets to watch what she wants.
The racers took their stance. Before the race started, an official blew the whistle. She walked towards the man who had an illegal start. He was disqualified. The rest of the race continued.
Mina was a quiet girl and didn't have many friends. Valentine's Day came and Mina didn't receive anything. She came home feeling lonely and sad. When she got home she found a box of chocolates from her dad. Mina felt super loved when she seen her surprise from her dad.
Sam had a final paper to turn in. He saved it on a memory card to take to print out. On the way to the printers he lost the card. Sam looked everywhere for it. He never found it and had to make another copy.
They were driving the car and thought they saw a dog on the roadside. They stopped the car and backed up to see if it was ok. It looked like a golden retriever laying on his side. But when they got closer they realized the truth. It was an old rolled up carpet that was lying there instead.
Nasty Eva was cruel and mean, and very wealthy. When her husband died suddenly, he left her nothing. But wicked Eva decided she could still be rich by selling her jewelry. She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake! So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty.
Michael wanted to go swimming. He decided to ride his bike to a local lake. He meet a couple of friends at the beach. They ran into the water pushing each other. Michael had a great day at the lake with his friends.
Nicole was a star volleyball player at her high school. She was given a full scholarship to a university to play. Her senior year she broke her leg in a game. She had to miss the rest of the season. Luckily, the university agreed to still honor her scholarship.
Sparky slept in past his alarm in the morning. He was late for school. The teacher called Sparky's mom. His mom was very upset. Now his mom gets up early in the morning to wake Sparky up.
Nicole had her baby last night. She had a baby healthy, baby girl. I will be going to visit her today. She looks so sweet in the photographs. I am excited to see her.
Steve had a strict daily schedule. He would always do things very precisely at the same times. He would always stop at the same sandwich shop for lunch. One day, an interruption delayed the eating of his sandwich. When he finally ate his sandwich, it was very soggy.
One day I went to check the mailbox. I opened it to find a blue letter. I was surprised and opened it right there. Inside was an invitation to a party. I went to the party and enjoyed myself a lot.
A dog was found in a gutter. The savior took it to a vet. The vet ran some tests. The dog felt much better. The dog lived.
Michelle hadn't driven a car in six months. Previously she had been in a terrifying accident. The event left her shaken and afraid to get behind the wheel. Her friends decided to help by making her drive and encouraging her. After a few weeks she regained her confidence behind the wheel.
The kids in town thought a house on Maple Street was haunted. Rich didn't believe in ghosts so he decided to check it out. He broke into the house and explored each room. He found a squatter living in the basement of the house. The squatter was more scary than any ghost Rich could imagine.
Jill thought she got a fresh bottle of water. She took it with her to work. When she got there she noticed it was already open. The water inside was actually dirty. Jill tossed it and bought another from a vending machine.
Jessica was in charge of washing dishes today. She soaked them all first. When she went to rinse a plate, she dropped it into the sink. Thankfully, it didn't break. She finished washing the dishes.
Gary didn't want to go to school today. He had been up all night studying for a big test and wasn't ready. When he got to school, his teacher was stuck at home sick. Instead of the test, Gary got to watch a movie in class. He was so thankful to get another day to study for the test!
My friend went to the food court to search for food. He saw a Chinese restaurant owner handing out food through samples. He took one and walked off. However, we swapped shirts and he returned to the man. The owner didn't recognize him and gave him more food.
Robin found a stray cat on her street. She decided to take the cat in. When she took the cat inside, she gave him some tuna. The cat ate quickly. Robin named the cat Mittens.
Mark loved parades. He wanted to go to the Macy parade in New York. His family saved for two years. Finally they were able to go. They had the best time at the Thanksgiving parade.
Piper laughed so hard her ribs hurt. When she stopped, she looked around. Everyone was stunned staring at her. She gathered her things, saluting people as she left. And she drove away from the funeral parlor still laughing.
Tim and his friends loved to watch wrestling on TV. They all wanted to wrestle. They set up a makeshift ring in the yard. Tim and his friends practiced their wrestling moves. Tim and his friends had a wonderful time.
George was learning to tie his shoes. He started with the loop and wrapped the lace around. He practiced and practiced. Finally, he was able to get the lace through the hole. He pulled the loops tight and finished.
Jeff was trying to start an art project. But he didn't like any of his ideas. He complained about his work every time he tried to start. And several days passed without any progress. Jeff realized that he was being too negative.
While mowing the yard today, I heard a small rock fly out. I didn't pay any attention as I continued mowing the yard. When I got finished, I went to inspect where the rock went. I found the passenger door of my car completely shattered. The rock also managed to crack the driver's side window, too.
Tony loved iced tea. He decided to make himself a big batch. He filled a jug with water and tea bags. Then, he set the jug outside. The sun brewed delicious tea in the jug with little work for Tony.
Our daughter took her two-year old to her work today. The toddler behaved for an hour. Then she started playing with paper clips. Soon there were clips all over the floor. Luckily the director was off today.
Abby was just getting used to the idea that school is out. However, Abby's mood was quickly changed when she checker her email. Abby saw a reminder from her school about the Summer Reading Project. Abby did not want to read any of the books, but knew she had to. Abby was not thrilled her summer would be spent reading for school.
Amber's mother was standing before the committee. She wanted them to change their policy on school enrollment. The committee discussed it in great detail. They sided with Amber's mother. She felt very accomplished!
Ike was angry that he had caught his girlfriend cheating. He went to the gun store to buy a gun. He planned to shoot and kill his cheating wife. But the store owner said he had to wait three days to get his gun. Ike calmed down by then and decided not to kill his wife after all.
Christina likes to go camping. Christina went to a state park with her friends. They stayed for the entire weekend in their tents. Christina brought hot dogs to eat. Christina packed up on Sunday and drove home.
I got an iPad. Therefore I needed a keyboard. My last one broke. So I got another one. But to my dismay it also broke.
Me and my friends like to go to bars on the weekend. We all meet up at my friends house before we go. We have a couple of drinks, then we call a cab. The cab ride there is the most enjoyable part of the night. I always love going to bars with my friends.
Kelly got a balloon at the dentist yesterday. It was red and round. Kelly held the balloon tight. Yet when she went outside, the wind took it. Kelly had no more balloon.
Ryan works at a wolf sanctuary in Colorado. He posts pictures to Instagram of the wolves. The account has gotten pretty popular lately. The sanctuary has gotten a lot of donations since then. He was given a promotion recently for his contributions.
Tom was at the drive through. It was going slower than normal. Tom ordered his food and waited a while. The workers apologized profusely and gave him extra fries. Tom appreciated the effort.
Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops. Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it. Pat tried to signal to Tim that he had fudge on his face. Tim was not picking up on Pat's signal. Pat had to verbally tell Tim of his fudge face.
The kids were wandering around the neighborhood. The saw a small brown dog running in the alley. They chased it and checked it for a collar. It didn't have one, so they called animal control. It was taken to the shelter and adopted.
Bill heard from a co-worker that the company was going under. Bill also heard rumors about upcoming layoffs. Bill prepared for the worst as he was called into the boss's office. Bill gripped the arms of his chair as his boss began to speak. Bill was offered a promotion because he could help save the company!
John decided to take his family to the beach on vacation. He booked a hotel and planned out the whole week. The family packed their suitcases and was ready to go. The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked. The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned.
At the safari yesterday we were shocked when a lion came up to us. We literally sat in our seats as the lion came over. We were afraid it would bite. Thankfully it didn't bite. It just stood there and we took a photo.
Mike went to get his books out of his locker. He had forgotten the lock code. He wasn't able to open the lock. Mike had to get the janitor. The janitor cut off the lock.
Jane loved animals. She was excited to go to the petting zoo. The first animal she tried to pet attacked her. Another tried to bite her. Jane still loved animals after, but was more protective around them.
Lisa was trying to steal a magazine. She was on her way out of the door. Suddenly, an employee stopped her. She had been caught. Her dad had to come pick her up and pay a fine.
I thought my friend was going to die in my arms today. His eyes rolled back into his head. His head fell back. I tried to get him to the floor to do CPR if need be. Then he woke up.
I needed to get some groceries. My wife wanted me to take one of the autistic children with me. He got to walk around the store like a big boy. He pushed the cart from check out to the car. He had a lot of fun on that trip.
The man counted his tips. He had more than he expected. He calculated four percent. He gave that amount to each cook. The hostess thought she should get twelve percent.
Fred wanted to start a company. But he had little capital. He didn't know what to do. So he got a loan. That was step one.
Hailey was swimming inside the pool on vacation. She heard thunder off in the distance. Hailey stayed inside the pool, even though a storm was coming. Then Hailey saw lightening. She got out of the pool after lightening came across the sky.
Yesterday I lost my cat Charlie. He was the cutest cat in the world. He loved to snuggle and purr all the time. I look for him every day in my neighborhood. I was looking for him today and I found him sleeping in a bush.
Simone pursed her thick lips in contempt, and kicked the terminal. Monochrome green characters resumed their upwards dance. She smiled, thinking of how she was pushed to learn about computers. The transfer complete, she yanked the thumb drive. Tomorrow she would be wealthy and beyond redemption.
Linda and Dan lived in a neighborhood with forest behind them. Every year, the deer in the forest damaged their landscaping. They tolerated it because they loved to watch the deer. A neighbor hired someone to remove the deer from his property. Linda and Dan refused to allow the hunter to follow the deer.
James really wants to be a special education teacher. He has been going to school for many years and is getting his masters. Finally after taking his CSET test he passed it. Since he passed his test he is now able to be a teacher. James boss promoted him to a teaching position at work.
Bill's ambition was to be a lawyer. He went to school to study to be a lawyer. His teachers told him he didn't have what it took. He sued them. After winning money from his lawsuit, he no longer needed a job.
Polly decided to design her own kite. She went to the hobby store to buy what she needed. Polly spent two days creating and painting the kite. After putting on a very long tail, Polly took the kite to the beach. Polly couldn't stop smiling when her kite impressed everyone there.
Gary was on the local rescue team. Recently, Gary's team got a call to rescue a dog in a well. As Gary approached the house, it looked familiar. Gary was shocked that he was about to rescue his sister's dog. Gary knew he had to do everything he could to rescue her dog.
The woman put on a necklace. At lunch she realized the necklace was gone. She looked around where she had walked. She found the necklace in the grass. The clasp was broken.
Lily was at the gas station buying a snack. She noticed a scratch off ticket on sale for fifty cents. She decided it wasn't too much of a risk and bought it. To her delight she won fifty dollars on her ticket. From then on, she bought one ticket every month.
Lulu planned a girls trip to the countryside. All the girls loved it except Tina. Tina really wanted to leave. She ended up getting on a private plane back home. She didn't want to be in the countryside.
Wade was always late to work every week. His manager warned him that one more offense he would be fired. Wade tried his best to make it on time each following day. A few weeks later Wade was late again. Wade was terminated from his position.
There was a small town in the woods year ago. On an ordinary day a wealthy man from nearby came. He offered to buy the whole town. The people were excited because they had been struggling. Before the deal was concluded the man was killed and town ruined.
Jan and Steve wanted to surprise their mother. They decided to make her breakfast in bed! Jan made pancakes while Steve cut fresh fruit. They brought the food on a tray to Mommy in her bed. Mommy was so happy she ate every last bite!
Bicyclists in the city often felt ignored. They decided to petition government officials. They wanted dedicated bike lanes and other safety precautions. Lawmakers agreed with them. They created more bike paths.
Haley had just travelled for a day on a bus. She was waiting for her luggage outside of the terminal. When the man brought her bags she saw her guitar case wet. Something had apparently spilled in the luggage trunk. Her guitar was soaking wet and would need to be repaired.
Crosby enjoyed watching the Olympics but she couldn't! She couldn't get the TV to work! She asked her friends for help but they didn't know either. Finally Crosby asked her dad for help and he came over. He got the TV to work and she was very happy.
Kai found a bird that his cat had attacked. Its wing was injured. He took it to his mom, who bandaged the wound. Every morning Kai fed the bird lovingly. Soon it felt better and flew away!
Aline was a computer science major. One day, she decided to hack her school's computer. She hacked into the system, and gave herself all A's in her classes. The school figured out, however, and expelled her. Now Aline sits at home attempting to hack the Pentagon with no luck.
Ruby and Rita were twins. People got Ruby and Rita mixed up because they looked alike. The two girls did not like being mistaken for each other. Ruby dyed her hair a different color than her sister. People were able to tell the twins apart because of the hair color.
Melissa picked the kids up from their houses. It was her turn to drive the carpool. She dropped them off and soccer. Another mom picked them up after practice. Melissa loved the new arrangement!
The Johnson family was a happy and growing family. They were living in an apartment and expecting their third child. Their apartment was becoming too small for them. They quickly made the decision to save up for a house. Within a year's time they were proud homeowners.
It was my birthday. I went to the bar for drinks. My friends kept buying me drinks. I asked them to stop. I went home and slept for a long time.
Buddy was a dare devil. His friends told him if he didn't stop he'd be sorry. Buddy ignored his friends and kept on doing dangerous stuff. One day buddy tried to jump off the top of a house. He landed on the ground instead of the trampoline and broke his legs.
Tim tried to remember a melody he once heard. He sat at his electric keyboard and idly banged some tunes out. A better song took shape, that Tim went with. The tune he couldn't remember still tugged at his brain. Tim kept playing to try to figure out what it was.
My mother recently bought an exercise program from an infomercial. I tried to tell her that it was a scam but she did not believe me. She insisted I try it with her. I politely declined. When I saw her again two weeks later, she had lost 6 pounds.
I was feeling a little hungry. I decided to make oysters. But first, I had to find some. I went to the beach and began looking. By the end of the day, I had caught twenty oysters!
Tami was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter. She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get. Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes. There was a kitten named Milly in a cage that made her heart melt. She adopted Milly and brought her back home.
Josh usually drank liquids at his computer desk. But it was always very messy. One day, he tried to reach for his glass of water. But he knocked it off of his desk. The next day, Josh cleaned up his desk.
Cade can run very fast. He is so fast, he sometimes trips over his own feet. Today, he decides he will run the fastest he's ever run. But his other foot comes out of nowhere, and he falls on his nose. He decides to walk back to his mom.
There was a plan to build a bridge in my town. The interstate goes under a river. Some people wanted it to go over. It would have been a high bridge. The tunnel will have to be replaced eventually.
I love going to the mall. One time I saw a sale in the ad in the paper. I rushed to the mall in my car. I got in a car accident on the way. I was sad that I could not get to the mall that day.
Eli had never been outside the city after dark. As his car crested the ridge he took in the city lights. They spanned the sky and gave off an orange glow. Eli thought they looked extraordinarily beautiful. He resolved to stay out after dark more often.
Last weekend we went to the water park. We got to ride a bunch of different rides. I really wanted to go down the big water slide. I was too short to go on it alone. Fortunately my mom was able to go on it with me.
Sally wanted to climb Mont Blanc. She had tried before, but never reached the top. She set out with a group of climbers. They woke up before dawn and climbed all day. Sally finally reached the summit.
Dan bought a bbq grill this afternoon. He wa excited to have his first cookout. He put the charcoal in and added the lighting fluid. He didn't know you shouldn't use the whole bottle of fluid. Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now.
The woman played tennis with her friend. She lost four games. She hired a coach. The coach helped her learn. She won five games the next time she played with her friend.
Elle wanted a rabbit. She looked online to see their feeding habits. then she bought a cage and bedding. Finally, she went and selected a rabbit. Elle was so happy to bring her new pet home!
Bob was a prisoner. He was there because he murdered someone. He decided to read the Bible. The Bible told him it was bad to murder someone. Bob agreed with the biblical philosophy and decided to convert.
Hannah didn't have many friends in high school. She worried that she would struggle to meet people in college. However, she was surprised by how many people she met there. It wasn't long before Hannah had made the best friends of her life. Her first year of college has always been a cherished memory.
Yesterday, I found 2 abandoned kittens. They are very cute and have sweet personalities. Luckily, they are eating on their own so they are healthy. I called a rescue group to get find them homes. I am very attached though and told them I will keep them.
One of my friends invited me to spend Christmas with his family. I began planning and even deciding about presents to buy. Then one day we had an argument and cancelled the trip. My friends mom got mad at him and this led us to talk. We decided that I should still come for Christmas.
The sidewalk had a crack in it. Someone tripped on the crack. They broke their arm. The sued the city. The won one thousand dollars.
Cody was driving his car through the rain. The street was flooding. Cody tried to pass through the flooded street. Water got into his engine. The car stalled and Cody had to abandon the car.
I needed $20 and decided to ask my mom. She agreed to give it to me as long as I did some type of work. I took out the lawnmower from the closest. Since the lawn needed to be cut down, I decided to cut the grass. At the end of the day, my mom gave me the money.
I joked with my friend that I was a princess. She called me the wicked witch of the west. A few weeks later I got a package. Inside was a jewelry container. It held a little princess crown on a chain.
Jason wants to play in the snow. He decides to make an igloo. He shapes the snow into blocks. Jason then uses the blocks to build walls. When the final block is in place Jason sits inside the igloo.
Eric was always told that he was too slow to play ping pong. However, he loved to play ping pong. Eric trained very hard to become the best ping pong player at school. Eric was chosen to represent his school at the local tournament. Now no one thinks Eric is too slow for ping pong.
One day i was working on the mturk website. I was searching for a good hit to make some money off of. I saw the hit by a requester ROC NLP. I decided to do the hit. It was so much fun and their hit was awesome to do!
Anna's family was having a picnic. She wanted to contribute something. She wasn't a good cook, but she did own a farm. She decided to bring some fresh veggies to contribute. She brought corn to make fresh corn on the cob!
I had a two week vacation off from school. I asked a friend to travel with me. My friend was not available the same weeks. I decided to ask a different friend who had the same vacation as me. We made travel plans together.
Alice wanted to try rowing while in college. She was not very good at the sport and she didn't know the rules. One day, she decided to ask a friend to teach her. She practiced hard for many weeks. Now, Joan is a strong rowing competitor.
Stan wanted to throw a party. He invited everyone from school to the party. Unfortunately, Stan's parents wouldn't let him throw the party. Stan had to let everyone know the party was cancelled. Stan was really sad that he couldn't have his party.
Leo hated going to school. Leo never did his homework and was always getting into trouble. As a result, Leo dropped out of school at 17. He started his own business making furniture by hand. Leo became very successful and famous for his work.
Larry was the best wrestler on the team. He had the meanest leg lock. Every person he ever put in it had lost the match. Larry's last fight was for the championship. Within seconds the challenger beat Larry with a leg lock.
Tom watched BBC Earth one day. He loved the documentary style film. He felt it changed his life. After watching that series, he decided to become a Naturalist. To this day, he credits BBC Earth for changing his life.
I made cinnamon buns yesterday. They looked good. But when I bit them they were awful. They were hard as rocks. I was not a good baker.
Molly was trying to enjoy a movie. Her stomach started to hurt. She tried to ignore it but it got worse. Finally, she had to leave the movie. Her stomach kept hurting for the rest of the day.
Jim loved math. He spent a lot of time studying for exams. One day, he failed a math exam. He was very confused about why he failed. It turns out, the teacher mixed up his exam with someone else!
Gina needed to buy one gallon of water. So she grabbed a hand basket and went to the aisle. She hoped the store would have at least one gallon. She was happy to see a full shelf of her water. Gina added three gallons to her basket and went to pay.
Billy works at a toll booth. His favorite days on the job are when there's a performance going on. People fill up his parking lot. After the show, he gets to hear their reviews first hand. He can always recommend which shows to see.
Patricia was cooking dinner for the first time. Her new husband was excited to try her food. He took one bite. He smiled, but struggled to swallow. Patricia knew he was just trying to be polite.
One of my favorite new drinks is green tea. I read in an article that green tea helps with weight loss. It also has caffeine so it can replace my morning coffee. I find a store that sells green team for very cheap. I now drink about five cups of green tea every day.
Jennifer gossiped about her co-worker. Her co-worker heard what she was saying. He talked to her boss about it. Her boss filed a formal complaint on her behalf. Jennifer was forbidden to talk about her co-worker.
Warren hired Denis on a whim. He regretted his decision very fast. Denis was insubordinate and lazy. In fact, Denis' behavior was so bad it reflected badly on Warren. His supervisor called him to fire him for bad judgment.
Anna was going for a bike ride. But she forgot her sweater! She was very chilly as she rode. She had to cut her ride short. Anna regretted her forgetfulness.
Mike went to a coffee shop one day. He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye. When he looked at her, he noticed she was looking at him. Mike walked over to her and they began to passionately talk. It was love at first sight, and the two fell into a strong love.
Alec wanted to play pokemon go. But he didn't own a cell phone. He went to the store to buy one. He bought the latest iphone. He downloaded the app and hasn't stopped playing all day!
The man swept the room. The woman dropped some food. The man got mad. The woman swept the room the next time. The man didn't care when she dropped food then.
I bought a new sampler. Before I could play it, I needed to set it up. I tried to get it to work, but it wouldnt turn on. After tinkering, I finally got it to work. I sat down and tried to figure out how to play it.
Liz was a mother of 2 kids. One evening her child went out to be with some friends. Liz received a call late that night that her child was in an accident. A drunk driver hit the car her child was in. Liz made it her life's mission to fight against drunk driving.
I went to go play basketball with my friends last night. We left early in the afternoon to go play. When we got there the courts were very crowded. We had to wait a long time to play a game. Next time we will definitely leave a lot earlier.
A frontiersman went West to explore and document the wilderness. He came across a tribe of indians that were friendly. They showed him all the local sights and gave him food. He was excited to try buffalo for the first time. The food was so good he traded his provisions for more.
Robert was hiking in Mongolia. He came upon a wild horse. Robert snuck up on the horse and jumped on it. The horse reared on its hind legs and threw him off. Robert broke his neck and couldn't call for help.
Last year I took a day trip to see a friend in Maine. I took the Amtrak from Boston to Saco, Maine. We had lunch at Gritty's in Portland. My friend drove me back to the train station. I had a nice time and will visit my friend this year.
About a week ago I lost my job. I've never faced the Christmas season without money before. At first I began to panic, thinking I wouldn't be able to give gifts. I am now realizing that I put way too much emphasis on material things. I now think this year will be a more authentic celebration of Jesus birth.
Nick had a drinking problem. He laid on his couch drinking all Saturday. His wife vacuumed around his feet. Nick got angry and complained she was too loud. Nick hit her, his wife called the cops and he went to jail.
Horace wanted to dress up as a scarecrow for halloween. Horace's bought a straw hat and overalls. His parents found a place to buy a bunch of raw straw for him. Horace's costume, full of real straw, itched terribly. Horace got many rashes and regretted his choice of costume.
Rupert could not sleep because he was afraid. He thought he saw a ghost sitting in his closet. Rupert got up to peek inside of his closet. He found only his shirts hanging in there. Rupert laughed as he fell asleep.
Tom found a new gym to work out at. He really liked their hours and equipment. Unfortunately there was a big draw back. Other people that went there were really rude. Tom decided to look for another gym.
Danielle had just redone her living room. She felt like it was still missing something. She bought some throw pillows for her couch. They were perfect! The whole room came together nicely now.
My friend's wife posted a photo on Facebook. It showed a roll of toilet paper on top of an empty holder. Her kids are 16 and 14. I joked to my friend how spoiled his kids were. He claimed the 14 year old did not know how to replace the roll!
Tom was a snowboarder. He was in a competition. He tried going for a big trick. Tom messed it up pretty badly. He was seriously injured.
Tim was really into weird sounds. He tried to make some music out of it. It got surprisingly popular online. After a while Tim was able to make a living off of it. He even had some concerts.
Lucas took his wife's nail polish. He polished his nails just to see what they'd look like. Lucas realized he had a job interview that afternoon. He hurried quickly to the interview. Then he realized he was wearing pink nail polish.
Stella likes to feed all the stray neighborhood cats. Stella feels compassion for the homeless animals. Stella started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold. Stella did not realize how hard it was to take care of indoor cats. Stella's house was destroyed by the 30 homeless cats she took in.
The wind was blowing and rain was falling. James looked outside his house a the tornado closing in. His dog was barking and James knew he had to rescue his best friend. He ran outside of the house quickly to save his dog. They made it back inside just in time to avoid the tornado.
Cal had a chainsaw for sale with chaps, helmet and a sawhorse. Mike told Cal he wanted everything but the chainsaw. Cal didn't understand the point of that. Mike said he already had a great chainsaw. Cal sold off everything but the chainsaw to Mike.
Peter Pamper spent all day browsing the internet. Then, at night the internet went out. Faced with nothing to do, Peter decided to brave the outdoors. He eventually meandered his way into a club, but there was no DJ. Peter, being a netizen, knew how to spin some tunes and got laid.
The man played a game. He lost to his friend. He accused his friend of cheating. His friend admitted that he had. The man refused to play games with his friend again.
We went out for lunch today. I was so excited to eat at a fancy restaurant. The restaurant was beautiful. The food was plated like a flower. I enjoyed my lunch at a fancy restaurant.
It had been months since Erin had had her nails done. Her nails were starting to look bad, and she knew she needed to go. She was on her way to the salon when a large truck crashed into Erin and the other driver had to wait hours for the police to arrive. Erin's salon day would just have to wait.
Mary had a competition with her friends. They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest. Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds. She made fun of her friends after she won. She realized it was bad to do that and apologized.
Chelsea was on her way to Los Angeles. She had never been to California. She was excited to explore the new state. She saw the Hollywood Hills and lots of celebrity homes. Chelsea was happy she had finally gotten to see California landmarks.
Every seat was taken at the new diner in town. A couple arrived and asked for the next table. The host did a lap around the dining room to find any open table. He saw a couple begin to stand up and told a bus boy to clean it. When he told the new guests the news they rejoiced.
Aaron is a professional Quarterback. He was passed in the draft by many teams. This angered Aaron and he now takes his anger out. Aaron consistently beats the Lions. Aaron is the nemesis of Lions fans.
Mike was in a lot of pain. He had a horrible cavity. He made an appointment with his dentist. The dentist gave him Novocaine and pulled the tooth. Mike felt better instantly!
Freda goes to cash her paycheck. She heads to the casino to gamble it. She begins on the slots and loses. She tries her hand at some blackjack and loses. Freda gambled away all of her paycheck.
Bob wanted to buy a boat for the summer. He got a job at the burger joint down the street. He worked every day for almost a year. He spent his entire savings on a boat. The boat broke down after only a few weeks.
Kim's mother tricked her into eating deer meat. Kim stared at her mother with anger in her eyes. As she yelled hot tears began to stream down her cheeks. Her mother chuckled and walked away as Kim yelled. Kim continued to yell as her mother walked out of the room.
Rachel was walking to her car. She saw a shadow moving behind her. She turned around and saw a man. Rachel was scared of him. She ran to the car and locked the door.
Tina loved to walk her two dogs. They walked the same street every day. One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog. The dog came toward them, and Tina immediately turned to run away. Tina decided to continue walking on the street she knew well.
One time a family and I went to a lake in another city. The entire time we were searching for the rent shack. We wanted to rent some boats or bicycles. Everyone we asked kept telling the shack was further ahead. Turns out no one really knew so we ended up on just a nice long walk.
Today is Jon's first day at school. He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card. Jon wrote his name on the name-card. He put the name-card on his shirt. Jon sat down with the other kids in class.
My uncle really liked playing golf. He went to the golf course every day to practice. He learned new tricks and got better and better. Unfortunately, he lost his sight recently and can't golf anymore. But he still enjoys going and hear people cheering during a game.
Lexi just turned 16. She wanted to get a part time job to earn some money. She went from store to store in the mall. At her fifth stop they wanted to interview her immediately. She was hired on the spot at a jewelry store.
Ann went to the beach with her family yesterday. As soon as they parked the car they had to walk one mile. Unfortunately it was all on the sand and it was painful. The sand was so hot that it burned their feet. Ann was yelping in pain and ran as fast as she could to the water.
Cassie loved to buy shoes. She found a pair she was in love with. She knew she didn't need to spend the money. She decided to splurge anyway. Cassie was glad she did.
Justin had property in Kansas in the 1930's. He traded it for an orchard in California and moved out west. That year the early frost kept his trees from producing fruit. He had to sell off most of his land to survive. He sold off what is now the richest part of California, Orange County.
Bryan was 9 years old when his mother and father split up. He was scared because his mom was unstable. She started to do drugs. Things got very bad and she went to prison. Bryan had to move in with his father.
We removed a lamp last week during carpet cleaning. After the cleaners left my wife put the lamp back. The lighting seemed much dimmer. Then she realized she had brought out the wrong lamp. I said I had not even noticed.
A man discovered that he was out of bacon. This necessitated a trip to the store. He picked up many sundries; flour, meat, eggs, milk. On arriving home, he discovered that he had neglected to get bacon. It was too late to go back to the store, so he suffered in silence.
I went on a tropical vacation with some friends of mine. We wanted to go hiking in one of the island's rainforests. The tour guide warned us it would be muddy. I didn't take the warning very seriously. I ended up ruining my shoes completely on the hike.
Jen was constantly stressed out. So she thought about learning how to meditate properly. Her Buddhist friend tried to instruct her. But Jen was not patient enough. Jen's meditation practice ended up making her more stressed out.
Missy and I went Whale Watching for our first date. We stood at the railing of the boat, my arms around her. A whale breached the surface right in front of us. She snuggled close into me as we gasped in wonder and amazement. I knew that I would marry that girl someday.
You know, when you break up, they say it is me, not you. Well, my boyfriend and I had problems for a while. I turned myself inside out trying to please him to no avail. Then i found the craigslist message where he was looking for man. Then I knew it was a problem with him, not me.
I had always wanted a dog, but was waiting until I had a teaching job. On the day I officially became a teacher, I met a student. She had a litter of puppies she was giving away. I decided to take the little male puppy, who couldn't find a home. He happily came to live with me that day.
The weather got very cold. Miranda saw a sheet of ice form on the sidewalk. She sprinkled salt on it to melt it. The ice kept growing thicker. Miranda went back inside to avoid the bad weather.
Tony took his nephew and two friends on a ski trip. They took a cable ride up and around a mountain. Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain. His nephew said that was not possible. Next, their tour guide pointed out an avalanche.
Alberto Otrelba was working on an oil rig. One day, someone died from an accident on the rig. Alberto was the one who ended up being accused. He worked ceaselessly to prove his innocence. However the crew would not believe him, and cast him overboard.
Kane went to the tattoo shop. He asked the tattoo artist to create a fancy design on his arm. Three hours later, the artist was done. When Kane came home, his mom was infuriated. She basically took his phone and other electronics away from him.
Kia's husband bought her a racy nightie. Kia was surprised, since they were a conservative couple. But then she decided to give it a try. She wore it to bed and felt very beautiful. Kia decided the gift was wonderful after all!
Jan checked into a hotel after a long business workshop. She was impressed by the room's decor and amenities. Jan set the coffee machine to make a pot in the morning. She woke to the tantalizing smell of coffee. Then Jan saw the pot empty by the maker and coffee pooling around it.
Stuart brought a rose to school to give to his crush, Elizabeth. They greeted each other in the hallway at school. Another boy appeared from behind Elizabeth. Elizabeth hugged the boy and introduced him as her boyfriend, Steve. Stuart greeted Steve and decided not to give Elizabeth the rose.
Kate hated her job at a shabby bar downtown on the graveyard shift. She had been robbed twice, assaulted once, and constantly demeaned. One night she had enough and took the days take with her when she left She panicked at 4am, but the place was in flames upon her return. Kate claimed the money as gambling profit and started a nursery.
My family got together at the park for the party. They decided to set up several tables and food outside. While my family was having fun, it started to get windy. In addition, the gust of winds knocked all of the equipment down. We spent the last hour on the beach, cleaning up.
Tom had a weird habit of yelling out his own name at random times. At first Amanda didn't care, but she was starting to get annoyed. One day Tom wouldn't stop saying his name while Amanda was napping. She got up and yelled at him because he was waking her up. Although sad, Tom stopped randomly shouting his name around Amanda.
Kate's class had a caterpillar in a habitat. But the janitor had thrown away it's food. The kids went outside and looked around for others to feed it. There were no leaves just like the ones they had. Thankfully the caterpillar still ate the ones they found.
Bev knew her parents were holding secret meetings. She wondered what they were doing, but she couldn't find out. The curiosity drive her mad. Then, on her birthday, she discovered the reason for the meetings. They had been planning her huge surprise party!
I was expecting a package all day. I waited for hours, but the package never arrived. I called the post office and they said they had my package. I drove over to the post office as fast as I could. When I arrived, they gave me my package and then I left.
Samuel Braman came into the world under poor circumstances. His mother was 15 years old. She told the doctors she was addicted to meth and heroin. They took the baby early because of this. She treated him very badly from the beginning.
Dennis had not been fishing in a long time. He decided to take a small vacation from work to go fishing. The day before he left he made sure all his gear was in good shape. After he packed his car he headed to a local lake. After catching many fish he headed home.
I used to be confused about my sexual preference. I liked guys and girls. Then, I dated a girl. I found out girls are crazy. Now, I only like guys.
Alice wanted to make a cake for her birthday. She gathered the ingredients and began to mix them. When she put the cakes in the oven she realized she was tired. She fell asleep on the couch waiting for the cake to bake. When she awoke she realized the cake had burned.
Amy had a severe ear infection. Her balance was compromised by the fluid in her ear. She was about to descend the stairs when she stumbled. Amy fell down the stairs. She suffered severe injuries.
Mary really enjoyed knitting. She posted a picture of a sweater she knitted on her Facebook page. She received many messages offering to pay for a sweater of hers. Mary knit about fifty sweaters in response to these requests. She sold all the sweaters, making over three hundred dollars!
Carl is crossing the street with his seeing-eye dog. Because he is blind, Carl does not see a car that is coming his way. Carl's dog is able to see the car, however, and pulls him to the curb. Some nearby people went to go check on Carl and make sure he was fine. Carl thanked his seeing-eye dog immensely for saving his life.
Wilma got back in town a bit ago and asked me for my eMail address. I wrote it down for her on a piece of paper and handed it to her. She took the piece of paper, smiled, and put it in her purse. Two minutes ago I received Wilma's eMail. I just wrote back and we're both happy to be in contact again!
I went to the store. I saw a different kind of Q-tip. The middle was fluorescent green. They were weaker than the regular ones. Next times I got the regular ones.
Bob loved to eat chocolate. One day Bob's body developed an allergy to chocolate. Bob didn't realize he couldn't eat it. Bob ate a large chocolate bar. Bob got very sick and had to go to the hospital.
Sue was starting a new school. She needed a new backpack. She told her mom and they went shopping. Sue found the perfect backpack. She was finally excited about school.
Harry had just moved into a new apartment. He had just set up his bed. He noticed that he didn't have any pillows. Harry slept awkwardly on his neck that night. In the morning, his neck felt extremely sore.
My mom invited my to go to London. She wanted her three sons to go with her. I didn't talk to her for a while. The time came nearer to go. They went without me.
Jim bought a new pair of pants. They fit him a bit tight. After washing them they got even tighter. Jim wound up tearing them at work. He had to throw them out.
Dawn loved having a clean car. She bought a vacuum to keep in her garage. She vacuumed it out every day. WIthin a week, the vacuum had lost suction! Dawn was upset with her purchase.
Jane had broken her first pair of glasses. And now she had to tell her mother. She was sure to be upset. After telling her mom Jane braced herself for the yelling. Instead her mom just smiled and gave her a hug.
George decided to take his boat to the ocean to fish one day. He unloaded the boat from the dock and began to take off. After leaving the shore, George went into the remote ocean. While sitting in the water, George noticed a small boat with people. George travelled to the boat and saved a man who needed help.
Debbie was majoring in history at her university. She had to write a senior thesis on a historical event. She chose Bastille Day. She chose it almost at random. She grew very tired of the research but saw it through nonetheless.
Jill had planned to stay in Halloween but changed her mind. She had no costume and needed one immediately. With the help of her mom, she came up with a few creative ideas. Most of them couldn't be pulled off as well as she thought. Luckily, she found the perfect prairie girl costume.
John was on his boat going through some narrow canyons. Suddenly, his boat became lodged in the rock. He couldn't move the boat himself. Luckily, another boat stumbled upon him quickly. They helped free his boat and he went on his way.
Sandy is going on a cruise with her family. Sandy was nervous because she had never been on a cruise before. The next day Sandy and her family boarded the ship. Sandy played games and various activities with her family. Sandy felt relieved that her initial nervousness went away.
Thomas is starting his first job at McDonald's From the start, everything is loud and chaotic. He does a good job, but knows this isn't for him. Once the day is over, he goes home and brainstorms. He decided that he's going to start a lawn-mowing business instead.
One day a bat flew into the Taylor house. It scared everyone inside of the house until their voices went numb. Until it was caught in a box by Tim Taylor. Tim brought the bat out, but it escaped right before he got outside. Still though it flew out into the night where it belonged.
Michelle liked riding her bike. She still had the training wheels on. One day her dad tried to teach her how to ride without them. She crashed and hurt her knee. Now Michelle won't even try again.
Becky was driving along. Becky saw a deer. Becky came to a stop. The deer crossed the road. Becky waited and drove on.
Lucy and her grandma were cleaning her room. Lucy had an attitude because she didn't want to clean. Lucy moped around throwing things down. Her grandmother took her over her knee and spanked her. The spanking changed her attitude.
Jason liked to drive fast. He had lots of tickets for speeding. He had to go to court. At court the judge was not happy. Jason had to pay lots of fines.
Tom had a friend with new electronics. He offered to sell some to tom. Tom turned down the offer. The friend was soon arrested for stealing. Tom felt lucky he didn't involve himself.
My husband got a flyer, stating he could lower his car payment. The letter said he could get a new car  if he turned in his old one. We went to the dealership and wanted to know what the catch was. The car salesman said, no problem, just put $5000 down on the new one. We laughed and left, no way were were putting that much down on a car.
Tim read poetry and it made him experience unique feelings. He pursued these positive feelings. He learned that language is our prison and our palace. He learned we are limited by our language. He began developing his oratory skills and became a great wordsmith.
The Winstons lost their cat one day. They heard sounds in the basement. One night all the lights went out. They checked the basement and found their cat electrocuted. It tried to eat through a wire.
There was a basketball player named Michael. He played in the NBA for a few Years and quickly became the best. Everyone started to appreciate his style. He then quit for a few Years and played baseball instead. This led to the downfall of his career though.
Rob works from home. He helps new companies create websites. He has been designing websites for a couple of years. He is not as successful as hed like but he does okay. He wants to open an office and hire others ultimately.
Kendra decided to have a Christmas party at her house. She invited all the girls to come. On the way there, Kendra's friend Stacey picked up things. When Stacey arrived, Kendra was thrilled she thought of her. All of the girls had a blast.
Steffi and her friends went for a pokemon walk. They went to a local park. Steffi fell in the pond because she was looking at her screen. No one noticed because everyone was looking at their screen. Steffi dragged herself out of the pond and vowed to be more careful.
Bobby mom called to him three times that lunch was ready. He ignored her because he was playing. He finally realized he was starving. He sat down at the kitchen table where a bowl of soup was waiting. It was cold but he ate it anyway because he was so hungry.
Once my closest friend had a dream of going from Colombia to Egypt. I felt like this dream was about me and ended up going to Colombia. After a while, things became really emotionally hard for me there. This reminded me of the oppression of the Israelite in Egypt. I now look at dreams with greater attention to what they could mean.
My youngest started to crawl today. At first, she got up and fell right down. Then, I put an object out of her reach. She got up and tried to get it. She was successful in crawling and getting it.
Bobby played in the outfield of his baseball team. The kids were only nine and nobody ever hit it that far. So he didn't usually pay much attention when the other team was up. In the sixth inning he looked up to see the ball sailing towards him. He caught it, getting the out.
Mike invites his friends over one weekend. He decides to feed them all lunch. He grills a hotdog for each friend. Everyone enjoys visiting Mike. He is glad he invited his friends over to visit him.
Brad's father was a Navy officer and he wanted Brad to enlist as well. But Brad was very science-minded and he wanted to be a biologist! He knew he would hate to disappoint his dad so he thought and thought. Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad. Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher!
John went fishing in the northern Maine woods. He was catching fish for the first few hours. He heard a noise in the woods. It was a large black bear. The black bear stared at him for a few minutes then vanished.
I was in Scotland. My friend suggested we try some blood sausage. I agreed and we went to the local bar. We ordered four blood sausages. They were so tasty that we ordered four more sausages!
My college friend called and asked me to invest in his new company. I was nervous since I hadn't seen my friend in 10 Years. I decided to invest to help my friend. I wasn't expecting to ever see my investment again. However, the business was a hit and I made a nice return.
Susan liked to play matchmaker. She wanted to fix her friend Jane up with her brother Tom. Susan arranged a date for Jane to meet Tom at the movies. Jane and Tom completely hit it off. After many months of dating Jane and Tom got married.
I was walking with a few family members. A gum pack fell out of my pocket. When I picked it up, 5-6 people asked me for a piece. After giving out the gum, I had no pieces left. I eventually bought another pack.
The Clarke family was having a new baby girl in late October. They asked their three oldest kids to pick out name for the new baby. All three selected the name Winnie Elaine Clarke. When the new baby finally arrived the children were excited. The entire family would later only call her by the nickname Win.
I climbed the steps into the bus. The driver gave me an index card to fill my information in. After filling it in, I decided to give it back. He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out. While I was confused, I decided to walk away.
Tom met his ex-boyfriend online when he was 16. He moved to Ohio to live with him. Tom went to college and made lots of friends. They broke up after 5 years together. Tom stayed in Ohio because of the life he had built there.
John had problems with his stomach. He had an accident on the way to work. John had to go to a store and buy a new pair of underwear. He tried to do it as subtle as possible. He changed and nobody noticed.
One hot afternoon I was driving toward a gas station. I had foolishly neglected getting gas and my tank was almost empty. Just when the station was in sight, my car puttered out. I had to walk to the station and back in sweltering mid-summer heat. Now, I refill my gas tank twice a week without fail!
Carol lost her dog. She put up signs all over her neighborhood. Two weeks went b6 and someone called her about the dog. Carol made arrangements to meet up with the caller. Carol finally was reunited with her furry friend.
Ana took an egg from the carton in the fridge. She had decided she wanted a baby chick. She kept the egg warm in her bed. She even wrapped it up in blankets. But to her dismay, the egg never hatched.
Mike didn't know what to get his wife for her birthday. He thought long and hard about some good ideas. He finally came up with the best idea. He decided to get her a puppy. She was so excited to get the new dog.
It was a gorgeous sunny morning. Tara wanted to go on a run in her neighborhood. She changed into her running clothes. After running for a few minutes, she felt a blister forming. Tara had to walk all the way back home due to the pain.
Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth. However, her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy. She buys floss but at first she cannot convince herself to use it. Finally, after learning about tooth decay, she begins to floss. Cornelia is proud that she has finally begun flossing her teeth.
Tina was quite a strong connection with her dog. She claimed to always know what he was thinking. Once, she demonstrated this to me. She stared at him for 2 minutes then said to me that he was hungry. I couldn't disagree with that however I don't think she was psychic.
Jillian's tooth hurt so bad that she couldn't sleep. The next morning, she called her dentist and made an appointment. At the appointment, the doctor took X-rays. The X-rays showed that Jillian had a cavity. The dentist filled her cavity and Jillian's tooth began to heal.
Courtney had always loved math. In 8th grade she scored a 100% on here Algebra EOC exam. Her teacher was very impressed. She recommended Courtney for a special magnet school. Her recommendation is what led to Courtney's acceptance.
When growing up, most girls did not like him. However, one girl did like him and she was now his wife. He never knew why she liked him. He was glad she was his wife, though. He never wanted to let her go.
The high school baseball team was leading the north district. They had one more game to win to go to State. They won their game. At State, they were up in the 9th inning. The team won the State playoffs.
Jonathan dressed up in a formal attire before leaving the house. When he came into the building, the leader showed him where to go. He came into the conference room. The organization was discussing new ideas for an upcoming project. The conference became successful when we developed an agenda.
Colin was chosen to sing the Canadian anthem at the hockey game. While on the ice, he froze. Colin had forgot all the words. His friend Trudy ran out onto the ice and whispered to him the words. Colin sang the anthem with Trudy's help.
Our building manager told us about a new traffic practice. Our city is now ticketing cars parked in the same spot for 24 hours. There are many cars parked overnight across the street. I asked the concierge why this is happening. He said the law had been on the books but was not enforced before.
Maria told her boyfriend that she was going out. He said that it was okay to go. When she came home at night, the house was ruined. Since no one was inside, she called her boyfriend. He said that they're no longer together since she went out.
My niece lives in Brighton and works in Revere. She does not drive and takes mass transit. It is a ninety minute commute. Today she posted a photo of herself drinking a large coffee. I think she needs it for the daily grind.
There was a box in the garage. I didn't know what was inside. I asked my father to open it. He opened the box for me. There was blank paper in the box.
Fred wanted to take Sally on a fun date. He decided to take them ice skating. Fred and Sally had a lot of fun! Fred asked Sally to be his girlfriend during the date. Since she had so much fun, Sally said yes.
Gina had brought a stray dog home from the park. He had no tags so she couldn't return him to his owners. Gina wanted to keep him. But he had already frightened her mother. Her mother refused to allow her to keep the dog.
Jen got fired from her job. Her boss had accused her of stealing money. Money continued disappearing after Jen was gone. The boss called Jen to apologize. Jen obviously wasn't the culprit.
It was November 30th and it was snowing in Minnesota. Amy had been dreading the snow but she knew it's time had come. Amy stood with her hand on the door dreading heading out into the snow. She opened the door expecting to be greeted by the cold. To her surprise it wasn't as cold as it looked.
I was at the grocery store buying some ice cream. Next to the Popsicles, I noticed a product called Frosty Paws. It was a hot day and I thought my dog would like a treat too. My dog was so excited when he realized the "ice cream" was for him. It was a lot of fun watching him lick his bowl clean.
The couple was shopping for furniture. They found a beautiful dresser for their bedroom. They took it home and put their clothes in it. It was a beautiful addition to their room. Soon, they decided they needed a new bed as well.
Nellie always wanted to learn how to sing. She signed up for a group singing class. During the vocal exercises, she realized she was very out of tune. The teacher coached her and gave her encouragement. Nellie let go of her self-consciousness and gradually improved.
Ian went to the beach. There were a lot of jellyfish in the water. He was scared to go in the water. Ian stayed on the sand. He returned the next week when there were less jellyfish.
I walked outside, and looked up at the sky. The moon was very bright. I ran back in to get my camera. I took several pictures of the moon. I edited them, and kept them as a memory.
The clouds were low and formidable. They were turning a dark hue. I rushed to get past them in time. A long winding funnel lowered to the ground. Terrified, I hit the gas and sped home.
Bob started working on Mturk to get some money. He needed a good place to find helpful people and good HITs. Bob came across a forum called the MTG. He talked on this forum and was very happy to be involved. Bob eventually game a lead moderator of the MTG!
Lars went out skateboarding, today. He skateboarded to the skate park. His friends taught him how to do a new trick. It is a difficult trick, but he's going to keep practicing. Tomorrow, he'll teach his friends something new, too.
Jeff had forgotten that it was garbage pickup day. He was surprised when the garbage truck came rolling down his street. Jeff hurried to collect all of the trash in his house. He quickly rolled the garbage bin to the curb. Jeff was just in time for his garbage to be collected.
I joined the foreign exchange program. The supervisor introduced me to her Korean student. She took a few minutes to tell me about herself. I decided to take her out to dinner. She also taught me several words that came in handy.
Ana had a math test. But she had not studied. She decided to copy her partner's paper. Luckily, she was not caught. She scored a B on the test by cheating.
We used to play football all the time. My friend Chris would always rush the quarterback. He would get into the three point stance. But as soon as he'd rush, I'd run the other way. It was one of my favorite parts of football.
My wife collects vintage dolls. She saw a doll selling on eBay for $10. She put in a proxy bid of $25. She was outbid quickly. The doll sold for $50.
Mary was tired of not being able to wake up in the mornings. She bought herself a coffee maker. She started to drink coffee. The caffeine helped her stay awake in the mornings. She was able to be more productive throughout her day.
Taylor likes video games. He really wanted a new game. Everybody else also wanted the same new game. Taylor waited in line for a copy of the new game. He played the game for hours when he got home.
Kate was meeting her friend Jan downtown. It was her first time taking the bus downtown alone. She didn't know which stop to get off at. She pulled the cord and asked a stranger for directions. It turned out she had gotten off the bus four blocks too early.
Sally's daughter found a marker. She also found her little sister. The daughters colored on each other. Sally tried to scrub it off. The marker didn't go.
Ed got in a fight with Mary. In the heat of things, he hit her with a flower pot on the head. When Mary fell on the floor, he panicked. He called 911 and waited by her side. He was relieved when the paramedic told him she was fine.
Nick used to like flowers until one day she attended a funeral. There were many roses at the funeral. Now Nick don't like the smell of roses. Roses remind Nick of dead people. Nick stopped going to funerals and smelling flowers.
For as long as Charlie could remember, he wanted to play football. In high school Charlie was an excellent quarterback. During his senior year Charlie was offered many scholarships. Charlie was in a bad accident right after graduation. Charlie recovered and played football his freshman year in college.
Avery was taking out her garbage. She was just closing the lid to the bin when she saw something. A medium sized black bear was down the street. The bear was rummaging through someone else's trash. She quickly went inside to call animal control.
Danny is taking a plane to his home country. The plane crashes. Danny is the only survivor. Danny is forced to survive in the wild. Danny someone survives as help comes two days later.
Blake lost his job. He began looking for a new job. Blake found a new job in another city. He had to move to take the job. Black began to look for apartments in the new city.
Sam woke up early for school. He had a test early in the morning. He studied all night for the test. He just barely missed the school bus as it passed his house. Sam missed his test because he got to school late.
The kids were excited. It was their first track meet! They all ran in their events. They were happy to do their best. When the meet was over, they all got ribbons.
Warren went speed dating one night. He told this one girl a little bit about himself. She was very cute and they had a lot in common. She wasn't interested in him though. Warren felt hopeless and gave up looking for love.
Geoffrey forgot to study for his math test. The morning of the test he was nervous he would fail. Geoffrey snuck his calculator into the exam. Geoffrey was caught using the calculator by his teacher. Geoffrey was sad to receive a zero on the test.
Every day the same old man waits at the bus stop. He never gets on the bus, he only waits. A bunch of small children always make fun of him for standing there. One of the small children asked him what he was doing one day. He said this is where he met his deceased wife, and the boy cried.
Karen always threw pennies into a nearby wishing well. He friend Beatrice thought that this was a silly thing to do. One day Karen wished for a new car. The next day her boyfriend gave her a new car. Beatrice started throwing pennies into the wishing well.
Nancy loves going to the park. She likes to walk around all of the trails. One day while walking she saw a turtle. She moved the turtle to a small pond. Now when she goes to the park she always looks out for animals.
Yolanda had just moved into a new house. It was time to decorate for Christmas. She realized that she had forgotten her tree at her old house. She went back to see if it was still there, but it was too late. Instead, she had to go out and buy a new one.
A group of friends camped out in a disused house in the neighborhood. They swapped ghost stories and ate snacks. At one point the old house creaked due to wind moving some shutters. The boys were thoroughly scared and fled the house. They mutually agreed not to tell anyone about their experience.
The Smith family drove to the beach for a fun and relaxing day. The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched. When it was time to go home, they called the kids to come to shore. The kids dried off and gathered their stuff. The family headed home after a fun filled day.
Last night I had to be home in time for the new episode I had to watch The show is vanderpump rules and it's one of my favorite shows. Thankfully I got home just in time to see it. I ended up loving the episode. I couldn't wait for the new one the following week.
Mac stepped up to the mic. He was going to battle another MC in a rap battle. The other MC stepped up. They squared off and took turns rapping. Mac was great and won the event.
Hank was walking home with his new instrument. He had decided to play the trombone in the school marching band. He wanted to rush home and practice. He got out his sheet music and got to work. He was determined to be a good musician!
My family came to Universal Studios for the weekend. Some of us went our own separate ways to take a tour. When I wasn't paying attention, my baby brother ran off. I've spent 1-2 hours looking for him. My family became nervous since the park closes in a few minutes.
Kia's friends decided to do the Polar Bear Plunge. On December 1st, they all met at the lake. Then they braced themselves and stripped to their bikinis. They plunged into the icy water, shrieking and laughing. It was freezing, but Kia had a great time!
Emma and her friends were having a sleepover one night. Around midnight, they were very hungry. They crept into the kitchen and opened the freezer. They decided to microwave some pizza rolls. The girls really enjoyed their cheesy midnight snack!
Raven drew some doodles. People in her class all watched her. They really liked it. They started asking her to draw for them. She got money for it.
Masako was one of three triplets. Her friends and family often had trouble telling them apart. Masako was tired of being mistaken for her sisters. One day, she dyed her hair blue. Now, no one mistakes Masako for her sisters.
Liz's mom woke her up in the middle of the night. She dragged Liz into the garden, and told her she saw a fairy! Liz knew that fairies didn't exist. She lied and told her mom she saw them. Liz then got to go back to her warm bed.
Tim bought a new television. The picture didn't look right. He tried different adjustments. Eventually he found out what was wrong. He got the wrong cable hooked up.
Linda was pregnant with her first child. She had all kinds of cravings. She called her husband who was at work. She told him so wanted chocolate. Her husband brought her home a huge Hershey bar that night!
Gary was a banker in the city. Every day he would walk past homeless people and not take any notice. One morning, he saw a homeless man eating out of the bin. He was overwhelmed with sadness for this man. He proceeded to buy breakfast for one homeless person every morning.
My wife always wanted a big furry coat. She wanted real animal fur. I always felt bad about that. Then I found out about humane fur coats. I got her one and now we're both happy.
Abby hated to do chores with her parents. She was told to clean the bathroom. Instead, Abby slept in the bathtub all day rather than cleaning. Abby was grounded when her parents found out she hadn't worked. Abby decided to never skip out on doing chores again.
My wife and I got into an argument over dinner. She said I insulted her cooking abilities. I thought I was trying to be constructive. Either way I had to sleep on the couch. But I refuse to apologize for it having too much salt.
Ginger peered into the depths of her refrigerator. Unfortunately, it was still as empty as the night before. Now, she faced the quandary of what to eat for breakfast. Just as she was about to give up hope, she saw the bag on the table. Inside was a jar of jam and loaf of bread that would be delicious.
Nita saw a dog wandering around outside. She went outside to investigate. She saw that the dog had a collar and a tag. Nita called the number on the tag. Soon, the dog's happy owner came to retrieve him.
Johnny wanted to get out of the country. He moved to the city. He found the city scary and loud. He found it hard to sleep at night from the noise. Johnny finally came to his senses and moved back to the country.
I took my dog on a walk this morning. She started following a scent. It led her to a squirrel in a tree. She barked at the squirrel a few times. Then she got bored and we went home.
Tim had to work on his birthday. He trudged home in the late afternoon, tired and bummed. He wished he could've celebrated his birthday. But when he got home, dozens of people jumped out at him. Tim grinned as he saw his surprise party!
A man drove while listening to the radio. A new song came one that he really got into. He sang it without knowing the words that well. When the song was over he wondered what it was called. The man called the radio station to ask.
I needed to fit a regression to a data set. I tried a linear regression but it was a poor fit. My friend told me to try a local regression instead. I agreed and implemented a locally weighted regression algorithm. The regression worked perfectly for the data set!
Radiohead went to play a show in Berlin. The tickets sold out in a minute. The crowd went to the show the next weekend. They set up the stage. The band played a great show.
This morning my husband went to get dressed as he usually does. He walked into the bathroom and went into his closet. He picked out the clothing he wanted to wear, and put them on. When he walked out, he shut the closet door. The knob, however, was broken and now the door won't open.
Jay wanted to make extra cash He decided to beg on a street corner. He wound up making very little money He was also sunburned and harassed. Jay never begged for money again.
Jean likes to read. She bought a new book last week. It is a science fiction book. She read it in two days. The book was very interesting.
I saw a band last night. The show started at eight and we were there until midnight. I got lost getting home. I spent a few more hours just basking in the joy of the experience. My math teacher made jokes about me in the morning.
Tim decided to take his health seriously. He decided to emulate how professional athletes train. He learned that bodybuilders train muscles. He learned that athletes train movements. He improved his functional movement and health due to his training.
It was a very long day. Lily was kind of antsy. She wanted to get her shots over with. She had to get it at the doctors. Lily was kind of irritated.
John sat down to eat some soup. In front of him was a bowl of chicken noodle. It was cold. He got very angry. He threw it on the ground.
The hovercraft was leaving in 4 hours. They only had a half hour trip to the terminal. They were considering how to pass the extra time. Almost to the terminal, the tire on the car went flat. Waiting for the tire repair made them miss the ship.
John loved to hike. One afternoon as he was hiking, he stumbled across a snake. John had to wait for the snake to move off his path. Luckily the snake moved. John decided to be more careful on his next hikes.
Gina loved to cheer. She had just been named head cheerleader. She choreographed all their cheers and dances. The other girls looked up to her. Gina was the best cheerleader on the squad.
The man was hitchhiking across the country. He would stand on the side of the road with his thumb up. A truck came by and picked him up. It dropped him about twelve hours down the road. The hitchhiker was happy with the ground he had covered.
Our agency got the use of the Internet in 2002. There were no restrictions. Everyone used the Internet to surf and shop. A new IT director came on in 2004 and restricted access severely. Everybody was disappointed.
Tom noticed a doughnut on the counter. He didn't know whose it was. He decided to eat it. Tom tried to eat it and chipped his tooth. It was rock solid.
I decided I wanted to change my appearance for the better. I researched diets and weight control. Online I discovered and ordered the perfect Green Diet. I changed my eating habits with the Green Diet four months ago. I lost thirty pounds and look healthy good.
I fell asleep in our hammock. I woke up suddenly to a crashing sound. A dead tree had fallen over in the woods behind the house. A large group of birds was scattering around the treetops. I went back to sleep.
Tyra was shopping for curtains for her new house. She wanted to accent the beautiful windows. She settled on a nice gingham pattern for curtains. She hung them as soon as she got home. Tyra loved the way her windows looked in the new curtains!
My mom wanted a new purse and she drug me along with her. We arrived at the mall and started looking around. Eventually she decided on a Coach purse. We looked in the store and she picked one out. She ended up buying one and we drove home.
Jean went to the lake by her house for a quick walk. When she arrived there, a crowd was blocking the path. She peeked through to see a white swan. It was gliding on the water among the ducks. She took a picture like everybody else before resuming her walk.
After cooking one night, Jason realizes that his knives are very dull. The next day he buys a knife sharpener. He spends one hour diligently sharpening each of his knives. Finally they are all very sharp. Now Jason cooks with a great set of sharp knives.
Tim was bullied at school. ONe day he fought back. Tim beat up the bully. Tom got into serious trouble at school. He was nearly expelled.
My sister in law Edna came to visit last week. Edna lives in Greenfield, 95 miles away from Boston. Edna gained a lot of weight since last we saw her. I was told it was because she stopped going to Weight Watchers. Her husband was not pleased with this situation but can do nothing.
There was a woman down the street who did laundry for money. Everyone agreed that she was the best one to take your laundry to. One day, the laundry woman disappeared. Everyone was very worried and rightly so since she was always around. A few weeks later, she appeared and told everyone she is now married!
Jim told everyone how much he loved birds. He was elated to find out what his family had gotten him as a gift. It was a guided tour of bird watching! Jim could barely wait until it was time to go. He enjoyed the tour completely.
Justin always wanted to own a black cat. He didn't want to adopt one until he settled down. He saw a beautiful black cat in a pet store one day. After a lot of thought, he decided to buy it. Now he can't imagine what life would be like without him.
Mark was up for a promotion. He had to go through 3 interviews before he was promoted. He had a perfect his way of interviewing by practicing. He had the interview and it was in front of three people. He didn't have to interview with others as they offered him the job.
Judy had a big day planned at the beach. She was going to swim and build a sand castle. When she was building her castle a wave knocked it down. She was very upset and wanted to cry. Her parents came to her aid and helped her rebuild her castle.
John always wanted to see New York. After one year of working as a cop, he planned his trip. First, he stayed in a business class hotel. He went downtown, ate pizza and saw a Broadway show. Then he spent a week in Harlem studying and admiring art.
Don was a spokesperson for his company. The company had not been doing so well lately. He had to do an interview on it. The person conducting the interview was intense. Don did not do well on it.
When the weather started to get warm, Carl rode in a bicycle race. The race had 25 people and was five miles long. It had been a while since the last time Carl had ridden a bicycle. Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through. Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end.
Tim asked a girl he liked to hang out for new year. He took her to a bar. He bought her several drinks and snacks. Tim looked for her when midnight hit. He found her kissing someone else.
I reached back just as the door slammed behind me. The ring on my finger hooked in the door handle. It pulled my finger hard. My knuckle swelled exponentially. I went to the emergency room, where they told me I cracked my knuckle.
A man got some wanderlust. He decided to sell his belongings. He sold all he owned. He took the money to go travel. He felt like a new man.
George was visiting his mom across the country. His flight seemed okay at first but quickly devolved into a mess. He got sick, his flight attendants were rude and the ride was bumpy. By the time it was over, George couldn't wait to get off the plane. Luckily, he did and his later flights were all much better.
Francine decided she wanted to do something fun this weekend. She thought that painting her nails would help make her feel fun. She painted her nails a bright blue color. Afterwards, Francine felt very happy. She was glad that she had painted her nails.
Julie was ready to go on her vacation She had booked a flight to Hawaii She was so excited to go on her trip She started feeling restless the night before her trip Julie woke up and couldn't get out of bed!
Jenna had just bought her son's Christmas gifts. He knew all of her hiding spots so she needed to be creative. She decided to stick them in the shed outside. In the shed, they were hidden under some tools. Luckily, her son never found the hiding spot.
Angela found a beautiful antique dresser. She brought it home and wanted to restore it. She scrubbed it and then put some stain on it. It looked amazing! Angela decided she wanted to restore more pieces for her house.
Jane saw a squirrel as she stood in her yard. The squirrel was busy gathering nuts for the winter. Jane thought she would try to catch the squirrel. Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened! Jane learned that squirrels are fast.
Molly loved to go to the Casino to gamble. She would always spend a lot. She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game. She lost everything. Molly never went back to the casino again.
Susie went to a fancy new restaurant. She gave her car to the valet. But when she gave it to the valet the valet drove off with it. He stole the car. Susie screamed and called the police to go after him.
Ned was skeptical that his plan would work. He quickly jotted the question down on a starch-white paper. His fingers nimbly transformed the paper into a stream-lined plane. The flight ended two rows to the right at Jane's desk. Ned opened the plane after its return flight and smiled at the reply.
Owen was at a school dance. He really liked a girl at the dance. Owen was trying to get the nerve to ask her to dance. He finally did get the nerve and walked up to her. The dance was ending and he was mad he didn't ask sooner.
Ed was tired of constantly having to open the door for the cat. So he put in a cat door. One morning he noticed an animal in his house that wasn't the cat. It was a racoon eating out of the cat dish. Ed had to close up the cat door after that.
Joe was tired of his old haircut machine. So he looked online for a better one. He found one cheap on Amazon. He ordered it. It arrived a week later and Joe was glad to have it.
Ashley wanted to play with her favorite doll, Raggedy Ann. She went to her bed to find her, but Raggedy Ann wasn't there. Ashley looked everywhere for her, getting concerned. Suddenly, in walked Bill, Ashley's dog, with the doll in his mouth. Raggedy Ann had been with Bill the whole time.
The man gave a speech. He got very nervous. He forgot to say some of the speech. The message was not clear. The crowd gave the speech bad reviews.
Tim didn't like wearing his seatbelt. He thought it was too uncomfortable. One day he got into a bad accident. He went flying out of the window. Tim died in the hospital shortly after.
Gracie stayed up all night painting a picture. She didn't go to bed until 3am and overslept her alarm. Gracie raced to school as fast as she could, still wearing her pajamas Her teacher gave her detention for being late. Gracie would never forget the embarrassment of being late.
Connor was nervous about going to a latin club. He wasn't a good dancer and wasn't familiar with the music. ONce there he had a few drinks. In no time he loosened up and had a great time. He plans on going back often.
I walked out to the tree to look for cicadas. I found casings they had shed all over the tree. I pulled them off and inspected them out of curiosity. They were brown, dry and crumbly. I put them back on the tree the way I had found them.
Gina was afraid to go to the principal's office. But her teacher decided she was being disruptive to the class. She was in the hall outside her class. She decided to go back in the class and apologize to the teacher. The teacher accepted and she was not forced to go to the office.
Me and Diana went to the nearest outlet store. We searched for several clothing that we're cheap in price. I came across a nice, red polo t-shirt for $20 dollars. I decided to try out the first. Since it was a perfect fit, I bought it.
Abbey had been begging for a pet cat for several years. It was Christmas and as usual she had hoped a cat would bet there. To her sadness, the gifts were opened and none were a cat. Then her parents announced a surprise last minute gift. To Abbey's delight there was a kitten in the garage.
Tim had no free time for himself because of his long hours at work. One day, he grew tired of his repetitive lifestyle. He took a personal day off from work and went hiking. Tim enjoyed everything about his hiking experience. He returned to work rejuvenated and well rested.
Ada was grocery shopping. She loaded all her purchases onto the counter. But when it was time to pay, she realized something awful. She had forgotten her checkbook at home! Ada was forced to leave the grocery store empty-handed.
Alex found numbers disconcerting. He could add simple numbers but felt stupid in his math class. During his test, he knew he was failing. He got an F and deserved it. But as he never used more than simple numbers, he didn't mind.
Slurm Jurmby liked to party. His favorite party activity was the beer chug, at which he was best. Roger Rumface challenged him once to the chug. Roger and Slurm locked themselves in a terrible drinking duel. The only people who won were the spectators when they both passed out.
Tom was in an accident. He was injured and lost mobility. He used it as an excuse not to work out. He would eat out of boredom. Eventually Tom realized he had gained a lot of weight.
The prisoner went to the edge of the yard and looked at the fence. A small hole had been cut in it by his friend from the outside. The prisoner waited until a guard was distracted. He ran towards the fence and crawled through. Once on the other side he ran for the woods.
Mona was eating at a fast food restaurant. She had gotten a soda. Mona wasn't paying attention as she poured her drink. She mistakenly poured a drink she didn't want. Mona gagged as she took a sip of her drink.
It was Saturday morning and I woke up with excitement. We were headed to the Baseball Hall of Fame. I quickly ate, got dressed and walked down the street. My mom paid for my ticket and I eagerly entered the gates. After hours of sightseeing I was done and had a great experience.
Kate was driving on her girls road trip. The four girls were driving in an awkward silence after an argument. Someone turned on the music. It was loud, and grating. Kate was now more irritated than she had been with the argument.
Will loved going to the beach on the weekends. He would play in the water and lay in the sun all day. On this weekend the sky was very gray. Will decided to go to the beach anyway. Will was disappointed at the amount of fog and went home.
Andy always had the gift of persuasion. Andy recently saw a flyer to join his school's debate team. Andy decided that he would sign up for tryouts. Andy tried out for the team, and was anxiously waiting the results. Andy was elated to learn he was picked for the school's debate team.
McKenzie signed up for a sewing class in school. She was introduced the sewing machine and many different techniques. McKenzie fell in love with the art of sewing. She began to sew at home and make original pieces. McKenzie began to sell her original pieces.
Fran wasn't feeling great. Her self esteem was very low. It was hard for her to do anything besides drag herself out of bed. She spent the day on the couch staring out the window. Fran wasn't happy.
Melanie prepared a cup of tea for Ben. She walked towards him with the tea glass. She tripped on a textbook. While the tea cup was in the air, the tea spilled on Ben. He ran as fast as he can since the tea burned his face.
Ava resolved to go to the gym every day to lose weight. At first it was hard. She struggled to make it through even twenty minutes. But she persisted, and it got easier. Soon she was slimming down and shaping up!
The boy tried to keep silent. His brother was looking for him. His brother got close. The boy held his breath. His brother never found him.
At the crime scene the detective took out some powder. He began to dust everything for fingerprints. There were fingerprints on everything. He took photos of the prints nearest to the body. He took the film and sent it to the lab to be worked on.
Kelly was pregnant. She needed to relax. So she scheduled a spa day. It was great. She left feeling refreshed.
I just go through with swearing in at meps. We were taken to the airport by bus. We then travel to Chicago to Navy bootcamp. We were then introduce to our RDC (drill instructors). The RDC told us "welcome to bootcamp" as they laugh.
Clay drained the oil out of his truck. He accidentally kicked the drain tray. Oil got all over his boots. Clay slipped on the wet pavement latter with his oily boots. Clay brook his arm in the fall.
Conner likes to look out of his bedroom window. While looking out one day he saw a husband and wife fighting. He called 911. The police arrived. The man was arrested for domestic violence.
Dumsk Lumsk was happy. He'd finally gotten into the college he wanted. As he was packing his things, his mother came up to him. She praised him for all of his hard work, and gave him a trust. He spent all the trust money on hookers.
I cleaned my room recently to make it easier to get around. First, I picked up things off the floor. Then, I threw out old things. Finally, I polished some shiny surfaces. It made me more relaxed to know that my area was now clean.
I used Peapod last week. Peapod is a home delivery service. The shipment came on time. The bread had an expiration date of only a few days. I was not pleased that Peapod picked the oldest bread.
Kylie was excited to organize her recipes. She bought a green binder with plastic sleeves to store them. Carefully, she organized them by main ingredient. One at a time, she placed each recipe in the binder. When she was finished, she smiled, pleased with her work.
I started collecting comic books in 1973. I bought used comics from a store in Chinatown. My brother got interested and started collecting. He collected Marvel comics and I collected DC comics. We both stopped when we got married and had kids.
Ted was a young man who loved cartoons. He would watch them all day long. His parents wanted him to go outside to play and be active. Ted told them no because he was watching cartoons. His parents took his television away from him and forced him to play.
One day, a little boy wanted something cool for christmas. He asked his mom for a few types of technology. His mom then went shopping and bought him an ipad. He opened it on christmas eve and was happy. He ended up breaking it and became sad.
From across the country, Joan's sister sent ornaments for her tree. Joan thought the ornaments were ugly, so she put them aside. Next year, Joan's sister called to say she was visiting for Christmas. When Joan's sister arrived, she admired the decorations. As they both gazed at the tree, Joan remembered the ornaments.
We thought it would be fun to paint some pottery. We went to a large pottery shop. I picked out a large plate to paint. I painted a plaid pattern on it. It is my favorite place to eat on!
Erin is on her daily morning run. She decides to run a different route this morning. She crosses an intersection without looking in both directions. A car swerves to avoid her and hits a pole. Erin feels guilty for causing an accident.
Jen was out for dinner with friends. When she got home she realized she didn't have her phone. Jen messaged a friend online. She got them to call the phone and find it. She left it at the restaurant and picked it up.
Ian and his family went to Yellowstone. There Ian saw whis first bald eagle. He had never seen a bird that large or beautiful! It was impressive, and Ian was amazed. He even managed to snap a photo!
Marci was excited about her college orientation. She was also a little bit scared because it was something new. Marci hadn't ever been in Denver for a whole day. She knew she could handle it if she talked herself up to it. Because of her self pep talk, Marci's orientation went great.
I took it the harness off the cat. The cat did not want to go back inside. I took the cat outside. We bought the cat a harness. The cat always liked to go outside.
Keith was moving away from his hometown. It was hard, but he managed to find a cheap apartment in the city. He packed up everything and took it to the city. When he got to his new apartment he knew he had made the right choice. Keith was pleased to have taken the risk and moved away.
Grace's friend was having a baby, so she decided to knit a blanket. She found the perfect yarn in baby blue. She worked hard on the blanket. Finally, the blanket was done just before the baby was born. Both the mom and the baby loved the blanket.
Since she was little, Debbie's mother made her soup when she was sick. She made all kinds of soup but chicken soup was her best. This winter when she got the flu, she called her mother. Later that day, her mother showed up with a large container of soup. She was feeling better in no time.
I had to pull an all-nighter last night to study for a big exam. This morning I caught the bus to my campus. Only on the way there, the driver smacked into a taxi cab. The huge pile up caused the bus to be really late. I ended up missing the exam that I had studied for all night.
Arthur took his girlfriend to the ice skating rink. Neither of them had ever been ice skating before. They laced up the skates and got on to the ice. Arthur and his girlfriend both fell flat on their butts! With some practice, they decided they really enjoyed skating.
Eric entered a small restaurant. And he entered the bathroom after he ordered his food. He saw an employee leave without washing his hands. But Eric was too sacred to say anything. When his food arrived, he barely ate any of it.
Carla walked into work complaining about her auto insurance policy. Yesterday, a sixteen-year-old driver crashed into her. The teenager didn't have a driver's license plus he was wrong. Carla's insurance agent said Carla can have her car paid off. But no insurance company would replace Carla's car.
Although jobs in media were hard to find, Noah majored in journalism. One month after graduating he was hired at The OC Register. In the budget line at work he saw a story for a profile on Obama. He accepted the story and was scheduled to interview Obama. Noah's legacy is his profile on President Obama.
Lana had an English paper due in school. She left the paper at home. The paper wasn't due until after lunch. Lana called her mother and asked her to bring the paper. Lana's mother brought the paper to Lana in time.
Chris wanted to purchase new snow skis. He researched his options online. He found many good deals. He made an online purchase of the skis. He was happy with his purchase.
Dani goes to the OBGYN every year. This year they told her they found cancerous cells. She is very scared about what that means. Dani is also very optimistic about her condition. She knows they found it early and that makes her feel better.
Tina needed shoes for the first day of school. Her mother decided to take her to the store. When they got to the store they tried multiple pairs. Tina ended up liking the first pair. Her mother bought the first pair.
A burglar broke into Eva's house one night. She heard him enter as she sat in the living room. She grabbed the fireplace poker. When he came in, she hit him hard with it! Then she quickly called the police for help.
Mike was 24 Year's old and suffering from depression and debt. He went to therapy and then began to climb out of his hole. After therapy, Mike began to write a small novel based on his life. Mike wrote the novel and worked hard on it for Years and published it. After it was published, the book became a huge success, so did Mike.
Dorothy realized that she had forgotten her friend's birthday. She called her friend, who was really upset. She apologized profusely. Then, she wished her a happy birthday. Her friend forgave her and thanked her.
I went to a chinese restaurant after work one day. I placed my order and then waited at a table for my food. The waiter brought me my food after I waited for a while. When I looked at the food, I noticed there was a hair in it. I called the waiter over and he replaced the food, free of charge.
Peter decided to go for a walk. He had walked for a while when it started to rain. He ran under a tree to get protection from the heavy downpour. When the rain stopped he was very wet. He headed home to change his clothes.
Zack had loved animals since he was a child. His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals. After working hard for Years to earn money, Zack bought a zoo. He began slowly building his collection of animals. Zack's zoo has become very large and successful!
Allie made some drinks. When she put them in the fridge she realized something. They were too cold. Allie couldn't drink them. They were like ice.
It was the national championship for college football. My friend had a screen set up outside. There were lamps for warmth. I ate plenty of chilli. And my favorite team won.
Bill decided to go to the gym for exercise. He exercised very intensely. On the drive home he felt famished. He knew he could not comfortably drive all of the way home. He stopped along the way to purchase a smoothie.
Wanda was getting into her late twenties. She started to notice she was getting grey hairs. The grey hairs bothered Wanda. Wanda decided to start dying her hair. Wanda was happy not seeing her grey hair.
Susan went to see a comedy show. She was skeptical. It ended up being very funny. Susan thought it was the funniest thing. She wanted to see more of the shows.
The Smith's fountain was filled with stagnant water. Ronnie went to clean it out but he saw tiny tadpoles it in. For the next couple of weeks he fed them fish food. He watched as they grew up and lost their tales. Before long they had all hopped away.
Mark was having trouble paying all of his bills. He called his internet company to discuss his options. He let them know that he had no money to pay his bill yet. They offered to extend the due date a few weeks. Mark was so grateful and he thanked them.
Quinn was walking home one day when she passed a pet store. She decided to go in and take a look around for fun. When she walked in, she heard someone curse at her. Shocked, she realized it was a bird in the window. She started laughing and decided to buy the bird.
The Lamb family were vacationing in the country of Guatemala. They took a boat  to see a village nestled at the base of a volcano. When they got off of the boat, villagers immediately surrounded them. The villagers tried to sell the family many homemade items. The family enjoyed visiting the Guatemalan village.
Jill decided she needed to lose ten pounds. She went on a strict diet. She also started exercising. Jill lost two pounds by the end of week one. Jill was excited about her progress.
Natalie wanted to get her first tattoo to remember her family. She picked out a reputable shop. She decided on a family crest from some old family documents. Natalie decided at the last moment not to go through with it. She decided that a tattoo was not necessary for remembering family.
Kumail couldn't figure out what to wear. He had chosen a blue plaid collared shirt. Picking pants to go with it was easy enough. What to wear over the shirt, though, gave him considerable trouble. Finally, he tossed on a purple sweatshirt to complete his outfit.
I couldn't find my lunch box. I looked through my bag, my car and my kitchen. When I went to work, I saw my lunch box in the trash. I must have left it in the refrigerator at work last week. The secretary must have cleaned out the refrigerator over the weekend.
Jessica decided she wanted to go to the beach. She invited all her friends to go along. They had a great time, but covered in a lot of sticky sand. They searched for a shower for what felt like ages. Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever.
Sasha went camping last month. It was a great time. However, it was freezing cold. Everybody had to bring several heating pads and bundle up. Regardless, he seemed to enjoy it.
Tony was used to getting awards for the tiniest achievements in school. So when he got As in half of his classes, he expected an award. But Tony learned that they were only for special achievements. And he realized his awards in the past weren't that meaningful. So Tony worked hard to get As in all of his classes.
John came home from work feeling excited. His employer is looking to promote someone and John works very hard. The following week John was called into his boss's office. John was feeling very anxious and nervous all at once. Now John is managing his own store and is feeling proud of it.
Kelly really needed new speakers. She immediately went to Bestbuy to look. As she pursued the store, there was nothing she liked. Finally she loved a black one she saw. She immediately purchased it.
Jose and his wife decided to go for a walk one morning. They left their home and began walking down a forested path. All of a sudden, a large black panther pounced at them. Jose pulled out his handgun and fired into the beast. The large cat dropped and Jose and his wife fled.
I was pedaling my bicycle on my neighbor's driveway. My tire went off the edge. And I fell down. There was water in my knee. It took weeks for it to get back to normal.
My friend asked me to try out for the cheerleading team with her. I was shy and awkward and didn't think I would be a good cheerleader. My friend helped me practice every day after school all month. The day for tryouts finally came and I was very nervous. Thanks to all of our hard work we both made the team.
My team was down one touch down. It was the fourth quarter and we are only down by five points. A field goal wouldn't help us so we needed a touchdown. The quarterback hand me the ball. I ran right through the linemen and scored a touchdown.
Gabriel was looking for a specific beer. He went to his local store. They didn't have it there. So he searched in all the stores. But in the end, no one had it.
The woman put on some lingerie. Her husband liked the way she looked. The woman blushed at the attention. The man laughed at her reaction. The woman covered up with some pajamas.
Alex was really sad that she broke up with her boyfriend. She had to move from their NY apartment to LA. In LA she met a lot of people that she had fun with. She also met a film producer who offered her work. She started working for the producer and loved her knew life.
Kate and her sister bought crab legs. They cooked them for the family dinner. The kids were picking over the crab legs. They left a lot of crab in their shells. The kids were not be allowed to eat crab legs again.
Nick wanted a new car. So he got a job and saved his money. He felt like quitting his job and giving up however. But he knew it would be worse without money. Nick was glad when he was able to afford a new car.
I needed a new place to live. I looked on Craigslist everyday. One day a house was listed. I called the landlord. I am renting the house.
Bob is the owner of a business. Bob has many employees. Bob decides not to go to work one day. Bob quits and sells his business. Bob lets everyone down.
The man was hungry. So he ordered a pizza. When he bit the pizza he burned his mouth. Now the hunger was gone. Instead he was in pain.
Seth saw the garbage can in his kitchen was full. Since it was garbage day, he knew it was time to take it out. He pulled the bag out of the garbage can. When he was carrying it to door, the bag ripped. Garbage went everywhere!
Joey loved ice cream. He was lactose intolerant, so he didn't eat it. A friend told him about dairy free ice cream. Joey picked up a gallon of it. He tried it and fell in love with it.
It was the fourth of july. People were playing with fireworks outside. My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over. The firework caused a huge fire on our fence. We grabbed the hose and luckily put it out.
Ana was sledding down a snowy hill. Suddenly her sled veered off the smooth path. She crashed headfirst into a tree! She toppled off the sled and hit the ground. Anna's cheek sustained a scratch in the accident.
Nancy walked to the front of the stage. The judges told her to start. She started to sing. However, her voice squeaked during the middle of the song. She stopped to catch a breath, but ended up fixing her tone.
Strike two! Johnny heard the announcer's voice and gritted his teeth. Bases were loaded and he was determined to hit a homerun. He repositioned and stared hard at the ball. With a thwack, his bat hit the ball and he made it to home plate!
Theo Harding recalled an experience he had during the war. In the trenches of the battlefield, he saw his friend Everett be shot. Everett looked briefly to the heavens before expiring. Theo never forgot that moment and it haunts him to this day. Now while on his deathbed, he likewise looks to the heavens.
Matt rubbed his eyes. He looked over at Cherise who hadn't blinked in five minutes. He gave her a warning about too much video games. She shrugged and continued playing. Finally, exasperated, Matt grabbed the controller from her hand.
Cassidy was moving across the country. She was new to driving and especially had never driven so far. She was very nervous, but tried to stay focused. Her trip went really well. She actually made it to her new town a bit earlier than she thought.
Chelsea worked at Olympia Sports. Yesterday, she had a very rude customer. The customer demanded to use an expired coupon. Chelsea eventually gave in and used it. The customer still left upset.
Quentin had always wanted to try a cup of espresso. He finally tried a cup at a local cafe. After drinking the espresso, Quentin felt very hyper and wound up. He did not enjoy the feeling. Quentin decided never to try espresso again.
Fanny's boat had gotten stuck in a bog. She grabbed her backpack and hopped over board. She pushed her way through one hundred and fifty yards of mud. She was exhausted when she reached the shore but grateful. When she undressed later she saw she was covered in leeches.
Bobby loved his new house. The fireplace was his favorite feature. He decorated it for each season. When it got cool, he started the first fire in it. It was a cozy feeling!
My sister in law lost her husband last November. He was 90, while she was 69. He never went away for vacations, and kept her at home. After his death, she went to Aruba and had a great time. We were glad she was able to enjoy herself.
On Christmas day, Tommy came down the stairs. He was very excited to see his gifts below the Christmas tree. He run toward to the tree and started looking for his gifts. His mother told him to wait and offered him some chocolate cake. When Tommy opened his gifts, he had a smile and chocolate on his lips.
Oliver wanted to find a comfortable pair of shoes to wear at home. He decided to invest in a high quality pair of clogs. At first, he found wearing them a little big awkward. However, the more he wore them, the more he like them. Oliver was happy that he had a pair of clogs to wear.
Seth was certain he was a revolting person. He decided this, based on the fact that everyone hated him. Seth's own family couldn't stand to deal with him. Seth finally committed suicide in a painful way. Since he was dead, he didn't know no one came to his funeral.
Sara's dad had always wanted a boat. He had been saving ever since Sara was a little girl. When she was eleven he came home grinning broadly. He announced that he had bought a used sailboat! His family happily took their first trip out on the water!
Tom never received his paycheck. He asked his manager about it. The manager looked into it. The check had fallen behind a desk. Tom receive it as soon as it was found.
Ally had dinner plans with her boyfriend. But then her boss stopped her on her way out. He said there was an emergency and he needed Ally to stay late. Reluctantly, Ally called her boyfriend and cancelled the dinner date. Her boyfriend was unhappy, but he understood.
Lucy was in the kitchen with her grandma. Her grandma allowed her to have a piece of cake. Lucy picked up a butter knife to cut the cake. Her grandma snatched the knife afraid Lucy would cut herself. Lucy was shocked since her mother allowed her to use a steak knife.
Annabel went to the fair with high expectations. She wanted to ride all the attractions available. She bought enough tickets to do them all. But after waiting in line for an hour, she knew it wouldn't work. So she gave half her tickets to a kid who was waiting with her.
Carly had a cavity that was causing her severe pain. A large part of her tooth was missing, so she went to the dentist. She was extremely nervous, but the pain was too bad to handle. When the tooth was pulled, she was surprised how painless it was. She realized she had been scared for nothing.
She needed new towels. She drove to the store. She found some in her favorite colors. She chose the dark brown and black ones. She bought ten new towels.
Carla didn't plan on getting her hair wet. She just wanted to sit by the edge of the pool. Her brother ran up behind her pushing Carla into the pool. Carla was furious with her brother. Her new hair style was ruined.
Andrea wanted to prank her boyfriend for April Fools Day. He wouldn't fall for any of her tricks so she needed a new idea. She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired. During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes. When he came out and saw them, he was completely shocked.
Mike needed to plant seeds after the winter. He went to a plant store and bought 100 seeds. When he got home, his son, Jake was already planting something. He wasn't planting seeds, he was planting raisins! Mike laughed, and asked Jake if he could help plant real seeds.
Roma wanted to see the world, but she was very poor. With the help of the internet, however, she made a plan. She crowd-funded tickets and found couches to sleep on for free. Finally Roma left for her exciting backpacking adventure. She was gone five happy months and only spent $100!
Dan was afraid of the darkness. Specifically, he had trouble of walking home at night. Dan seeked help from a therapist. The therapist advised him on how to beat his fear. Dan beat his fear and was able to face the darkness without trouble.
Theodore took out a rock from his pocket. He skipped it across the pond. It skipped three times and then fell underneath the water. His brother smiled and then threw his own rock. It skipped over six times, much farther than Theo's.
I got Charlie Horse when I was four years old. He's a brown stuffed horse, and at 35 I still sleep with him at night. He was my best friend, and always laid at the head of my bed. I laid him next to me, smelling his soft fur every night. I liked to listen to my radio as I fell asleep cuddling him.
Bailey was upset that he did more work than his co workers. He went to his boss and asked if he could have a raise. His boss told him no. Bailey found a better job that paid much more. Bailey is happier at his new job.
Tom got home from work. He kicked off his shoes and got on the couch. His wife immediately noticed the smell. She complained about it until Tom did something about it. He took a shower.
Andre was traveling out of state. A friend of his had been to the city that Andre was traveling to. His friend told him that he needed to try a certain restaurant. Andre arrived to the city. He ate at the establishment for dinner.
This past weekend, I went to a friend's wedding. The wedding was held on a Saturday and I traveled to it on Thursday. The rehearsal dinner before the wedding was fun and delicious. During the ceremony the next day, the bride and groom looked amazing. I wish them both a lifetime of happiness.
Molly was curious about an old email inbox. She hadn't checked it in years. She couldn't remember the password anymore. It took awhile for her to remember it. Finally, she figured it out and was able to see her old emails.
I took the kids to the beach this summer. My youngest had never been there before. The kids splashed around in the water for hours. They built sandcastles and buried each other in sand. They had a blast and were tuckered out by the time we went home.
Alex was bored in his room while he was grounded. His dad was at work, and his mother was in her garden out front. He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo. He didn't hear his mother come in the back door. His mother was so furious she locked the Nintendo in her car trunk.
Ben went with Andy to see a football game. Ben's parents gave him three tickets. Ben told his parents that Jim went with him. Jim could not come. Ben sold the extra ticket.
Wally had made a mistake. He had kissed his neighbor. He confessed this to his wife. She made him sleep on the couch. Wally would never forgive himself.
There once was a developer named Babe Jewell. He spent a lot of money rebranding other people's games. Then putting minor gambling elements in them to hook people. He thought this model to be unsinkable. Until people stopped caring about electronic garbage, and quit.
Brooke was a baker. She baked all day long. She just got done baking the pies. But forgot about the last 4 she left in the oven. She found them the next day overcooked and ruined.
Doug had a neighbor with several pear trees. Doug bought baskets of pears every season from his neighbor. He used the pears to make preserves. Everyone liked the Doug's preserves. He sold them at the local farmer's markets.
Michelle hates cooking. She always asks her mom to make all of her meals. Michelle's mom decides to go on a vacation. Michelle has to get food for herself while her mom is gone. Michelle orders a lot of takeout.
I decided to move to a farm to become a farmer. I would work in the sun for ten hours a day. Eventually, I developed an extreme tan. Alas, the tan was only on my forearms and head. When I was shirtless it looked silly so I cried.
The teacher announced today's lesson. Before teaching, she asked the class if they have any questions. Ben was the first person to raise his hand. A few seconds past and the teacher didn't do anything. Once Bethany raised her hand, the teacher picked her to speak.
Jimmy went to the park everyday after work with his dog named bruno. He would play fetch with Bruno at the park using a frisbee. One day he threw the frisbee and accidentally hit a girl in the head. He rushed over to see if she was hurt. She was fine, everyday after that they would hang out at the park.
The town was getting a new store. The store would focus on women's apparel. All the women in town were excited. On opening day, customers flooded the store. They sold out of everything by the end of the day!
John took his dog to the dog park. John's dog got loose and chased after another dog! John ran up to his dog and the other dog's owner. John apologized to the dog owner and she said it's okay. John left the dog park to buy a better collar for his dog.
Morgan obtained a lease one day. He only had a limited amount of miles. His parents told him not to drive too far. Morgan drove very far every day. He had to pay a lot of money for every miles to his dealer in the end.
Jamie liked to run around the house and up and down the stairs. Jamie's mom told her to stop running. Jamie refused to listen to her mom and continued to run. As Jamie ran down the stairs, she tripped and fell. Jamie broke her arm and never disobeyed her mother again.
Tom loved swimming. One day he tried to beat his personal best. He swam as fast as he could in the left lane. He kicked hard and pushed himself fast. The best his record by 2 seconds!
Alice went with her friends to a party at an acquaintance's apartment. She let the host make her drinks. Soon she noticed that she was feeling very light-headed. She had not had enough to drink to be drunk so quickly. Tests at the hospital showed that she had been drugged.
Stephanie wanted a new couch. She convinced her husband to go shopping for one with her. They looked at several and couldn't agree on one. They found a leather couch that reclines and both loved it. Stephanie is so proud of her new couch.
I live near a large University. Yesterday, a young woman rang my doorbell. She wanted to buy a bike from me, but I'm not selling one. It turns out the bums who live in my apartment house sell old bikes. I warned her away, and she thanked me with a smile.
Beck wanted to learn how to do parkour. Beck was out of shape however. Beck started working out and losing weight. He lost nearly 50 pounds! Beck is now training at a parkour gym and following his dreams.
Bill was voted king of the playground. He wasn't happy. He felt that he was missing something. He sat on his fake thrown wondering what he was missing. He then made a crown out of paper and was happy.
Kate's nephew was tired of his PlayStation 2. All of his friends now had an Xbox 360. He asked Kate to purchase one for him. But after researching she realized they were too expensive. Her nephew was disappointed not to get his Xbox, but he understood.
Jim loved Magic the Gathering. He was a pretty good player. He decided to join a tournament. Jim got a respectable second place. He won a fun prize.
Damon had a girlfriend who was much older than him. One day she came down with a serious age-related illness. She and Damon moved back to live with her family. She soon died from the illness. Damon grieved for a very long time.
I really wanted an online transcription job. I practiced and practiced my touch typing for weeks. I finally decided to log on to take the application typing test. As I began I realized it had the same paragraphs I'd been practicing. I breezed through it easily, securing the job.
Vianna once attended her family's reunion. She drove to the location. She hardly knew anyone there. Her mother introduced her to a lot of people. She left knowing a lot more family than she knew she had.
Timmy loved to read. As a reward for being good, his mom took him to the used book sale. There was a spectacular deal for a bag of books at a flat rate of $5. Timmy excitedly filled his bag until it was about to burst. In the end, Timmy left the sale with 25 books!
Calvin had a kazoo. He liked to play it while he ran around the house. His mom said it was annoying and would have to stop. He wouldn't stop it, however. His mom hid the kazoo from him.
Luna needed to name her unborn child. She wanted to honor her grandpa George with the name. Luna didn't know the gender of her child. She chose the name Jerzy which means George in Polish. The name would work well for a boy or girl name.
Jeff's parents are going out of town this weekend. He invited all of his friends to a party he's throwing Saturday night. Jeff's parents told him to behave while they were gone. Jeff's friends broke furniture and shattered plates during the party. Jeff's parents grounded him for year.
Kate was at a guy named Jake's house. A girl began knocking on the door and calling to him. Kate stayed calm and contained her anger. Until Jake refused to answer the door. Kate was finding it harder and harder to contain her anger.
Steven woke up not feeling very well. His mom took his temperature and made an appointment with the doctor. Steven told the doctor his throat hurt as he was examined. The doctor looked in Steven's mouth, his nose and his ears. Steven was diagnosed with strep throat and sent home with medicine.
I've wanted a tattoo all my life, but I could never decide of what. I got drunk one evening with my tattoo artist brother-in-law. We started talking about tattoos and I admitted this to him. He asked to give me a tattoo and drunkenly, I agreed. I woke up to a tattoo of a marijuana leaf smoking a cigarette.
Ali was estranged from her birth mother. She had not seen her mother since she was a little girl. One day, her mother contacts her on social media. They reacquaint themselves, and then her mom starts cursing at her. Ali cries and blocks her mother from her account.
Dan kept 40 keys on his key ring because he thought it was cool. He tried to get into his house but couldn't find the right key. He was tired of waiting so he just swung his key ring at the window. The glass smashed and he was able to break into his own house. Dan decided to reduce his keys on his ring to only 10.
One day I went to the beach. It was a sunny day, so the sand was hot. I was so excited to arrive I kicked off my shoes and ran for the sand. My feet got burned. I had to jump in the water quickly to get rid of the pain.
James was exhausted. He'd done a really hard workout for an hour. His muscles felt weak. He wanted to get in great shape. He decided to repeat that workout every day.
Ryan and Rachel met when they were 15 years old. They quickly fell in love. They thought they'd be together forever. But when they were 18 they went to different colleges. The distance made them grow apart and they broke up.
Jamie and her husband were disagreeing. She said the toilet paper roll was supposed to go over. He said it was supposed to go under. One day, she saw he had switched it to under! Jamie yelled at him and changed it back.
John wanted to know how dogs could find electronic devices. He set up a test to measure the chemicals off-gassed by plastic. John used a sensitive device that could detect odors. He found plastic devices gave off a certain chemical as they decayed. John published his research in an esteemed science journal.
Jim was attracted to men. His parents didn't approve of his homosexuality. They told him they would kick him out if he dated a man. Jim believed love was more important than living at home. So, he decided to date a man and then his parents kicked him out.
I was feeling pretty hungry. I took a trip to the grocery store to figure out what I wanted to eat. Right in the front of the store they had already made pizza dough. I bought some dough, and got the other ingredients as well. I went home and made a delicious pepperoni pizza!
Donna went to get a haircut. She took pictures of what she wanted. The hairstylist was new. Donna left with a short bob. She was devastated and cried for a week.
Janet's family was used to tornado season where they lived. Luckily, they had avoided any major damage to their farm. They heard of a bad tornado coming their way. They weren't worried and didn't evacuate like their neighbors. Their property was completely destroyed by the tornado.
Sam was invited to a party. He told his friends he would go. The night of the party Sam backed down. He stayed home instead. His friends knew he would do that.
I had hard time doing multiplication. My mother gave me a dollar insentif to help me study. For every multiplication question I answered correctly I got the money. I received one hundred dollars in a week. I also memorize the multiplication table.
Hillary has a big trip to get ready for. She wants to pack all her necessities in one bag. None of her bags are big enough, though. She asks a friend if she can borrow one. Her friend says yes and she's able to pack everything she needs.
John's car had been broken into and robbed. The vandal ripped the stereo out of his dashboard. John went to the best car electronics place in town. The salesman there helped him get a much newer and better stereo. John went home happy with his purchase.
I played chess with my friend on the internet today. We used to play in person at work. We stopped when he got another job and I retired. We started playing on the net for convenience. We played five games, each winning two and drawing one game.
Tricia was a vegan. Therefore it was difficult for her to eat a lot of candy. Most had gelatin in them. Then Tricia found some vegan candy. It was delicious and she ended up buying numerous packages.
Today Tina saw her cousins. She liked seeing them. She had a good time. At the end of the meal they hugged. She couldn't wait to see them again.
Bess went wedding dress shopping. She went to four different shops. The first three had nothing. The fourth had options. Bess finally said yes to the dress.
Guillermo never did anything. He stayed at this friend's house. He never paid his rent. So his roommate got fed up. And kicked him out of the house.
Josiah really loved his new hoverboard. He played with it all the time. Until one day his hand got caught underneath and was broken. He had to go to the hospital and didn't like his hoverboard anymore. Only when he healed, did he dare try it again.
Kia bought a dozen eggs at the store. She got home and unpacked her groceries. When she went to use the eggs the next morning, she got a shock. Half of the eggs were cracked and broken! Kia resolved to check before buying next time!
Ada had tried shrimp once and hated it. But her dad urged her to try it again, with cocktail sauce. She reluctantly agreed to try it. But when she dipped her shrimp in the sauce and tasted, she smiled. The cocktail sauce actually made Ada enjoy the shrimp!
A bear walked through the woods. A hunter spotted him. The hunter was looking for deer. The bear charged at the hunter. The hunter had to shoot the bear.
Ed was making whiskey at home. He filled his barrel with the ingredients. Then he dated it to remember its age. In two Year's he went back to open the barrel. Sampling it, Ed decided his whiskey was great!
It was my birthday and I always wanted a new iPod. As I was opening my presents, I tried to not be awkward. But it's a little hard for me, as everyone is staring at me. My eyes light up as I see my brand new iPod in the packaging. I run over to my mom, and hug her for the gift.
Mary was afraid of microwaves since she was a small child. This fear was due to her mother dying in a microwave accident. Mary decided to overcome her fears and use the microwave to make soup. Mary gingerly pressed start and prayed that everything would be fine. Mary was killed after the microwave caught fire and burned the house.
James had terrible eyesight. He bought glasses to help him read. Soon, he was reading a book every week. James realized his eyesight had kept him from enjoying books. Now he wanted to make up for all that lost time.
Lena was driving home from the mall. She noticed that her gas light had come on. A moment later, her car stopped. She was completely out of gas and stuck on the road. She had to call her boyfriend to come pick her up.
Gina was in her seat on the bus. As the bus stopped kids began to fill the aisle. The kid in her seat with her just stood there. He made no attempt to enter the aisle till everyone else was off. Gina was upset she had to be one of the last people off the bus.
Andy wanted to see his favorite musician perform live. The musician was coming to Andy's town in two months. Andy saved his money and bought a ticket to see the musician. On the day of the concert, the musician fell terribly ill. Andy never saw the musician perform.
Diane was a whiz in the kitchen. Today she was going to make her famous casserole. It was an eggplant casserole. She worked long and hard in the kitchen preparing the dish. When it was ready everyone agreed it was as delicious as always.
A man was playing fetch with three dogs. He threw a single ball behind a tree stump. All three dogs went after the ball. When they returned, they all had three separate balls. The man stared at the dogs, bemused.
Molly went to the mall one day after school. While she was there, she saw a cat in the parking lot. The cat was a colorful Calico cat. Molly picked up the cat and he purred as he snuggled against her. Molly fell in love with the cat and took him home.
Ben had a dog named Elsa. One night there was a lot of thunder. Elsa was scared and came into Ben's bedroom. Ben let her into bed with him to sleep safely. Elsa felt better and was able to sleep soundly.
Ivy won five dollars on a scratch lottery ticket. She decided to use the money for more tickets. She bought five more scratch tickets. She scratched them right away. She won ten dollars on one of the new tickets!
I loved apple sauce. I decided to make some. I used granny smith apples. Thus, my apple sauce was too sour. I decided to just buy apple sauce from the store.
Igor was thirsty. He went to the refrigerator in search of a beverage. The refrigerator had no beverages in it. Igor then went to the cupboard to get a glass. He filled it with water from the sink and drank that.
Tom was an avid motorcyclist. Tom noticed his chains needing frequent replacement. Tom read online about chain maintenance. Tom learned about putting engine oil on the chain. Tom lubed his chain and his bike performed better.
James needed new shoes. His parents could not afford to buy him a new pair. He did odd jobs around town to save up. He finally saved up enough money. James bought the shoes he wanted.
Jimmy needed a new calculator. He went to the store and looked around at some of the models. He told me he wanted one that was blue. He eventually found one that was blue and looked at its features. He bought it and was so excited he found a blue one too!
I wanted to eat a salad wrap. But I had few ingredients. I decided to mix spinach and avocado. I added cheese and wrapped it inside a flour tortilla. I felt sick as it tasted way too bland and mushy.
Sarah was at the market. And she wanted to buy cabbage juice. And she saw a 16 ounce bottle for $6. She knew it was just cabbage and water. So she decided to buy her own juicer instead.
Robert begged his parents for a dog. They bought him one. He played with the dog for only two weeks. Robert now wanted a cat. His parents insisted he focus on taking care of his new dog.
Tim had a dog that liked to jump around. He was playing with him in his kitchen one day. It was after his mother mopped and polished the floor. Tim's dog jumped around as usual. But he quickly slipped and fell to the ground.
Alex was talking to his girlfriend on the phone. His little sister came on the line and began teasing him. Alex was so mad that he ran to her room to deal with her. She quickly shut her door and Alex kicked it angrily. A hole went in the door and Alex got into huge trouble.
Joe was writing up a lab report. He tried to freehand a circle chart but failed. He grabbed a CD to use as a template. With the CD he drew a perfect circle. After filling in the data it looked quite sharp.
The pageant contestants arrived at the arena. They filed onto the stage. The audience clapped when they saw their favorites arrive. They couldn't wait for the pageant to begin! The contestants changed and were prepared for the competition.
Jane was cleaning her home office. She shares it with her husband. She thought she'd be nice and clean his area too. Unfortunately she accidentally threw away some important papers. Jane's husband understood and appreciated the thought regardless.
Jan always wanted to be a writer growing up. She spent many long nights crafting exciting characters and stories. However, publisher after publisher rejected her. After countless rejections, she finally got one acceptance. Her books quickly skyrocketed on best sellers' lists.
Daisy and Yoselin are bilingual kindergarteners. Yoselin felt sick and didn't know how to tell her teacher. Daisy helped her friend with the words she didn't know. Yoselin was able to tell her teacher and go to the nurse's office. Yoselin went home early and was able to rest.
Darlene was taught to live by the golden rule. She always tried to do to others as she would like to have done to her. One day her friend asked her for a place to stay. She hesitated because she thought her parents might refuse. Then she remembered they taught her this rule and said "of course."
Ron found a seashell on the beach. And it looked so beautiful that he decided to keep it. He liked it so much, that he brought it to school. And other students saw the beautiful shell. The next day, someone grabbed it from him and ran away.
Sam had a nice girlfriend. He felt that he was always messing up. He tried to buy her flowers to make up for it. Unfortunately he got some she was allergic to. She thought it was an insult and broke up with him.
The doctor told me I needed more self esteem. I knew he was right, but I didn't know how to gain it. He told me to work harder and try to be more successful in life. Without self esteem, I didn't know how to do that. I went home to digest what he had told me and formulate a plan.
Tim kept messing up at work. Today he insulted an important client. It wasn't on purpose but it wasn't the only incident. Tim knew he was going to be fired. He was let go at the end of the week.
Tim asked his dad to help him make a kite from a kit. He told his father he was unable to make it alone. His dad agreed to help on the weekend. They spent 2 hours on Saturday making the kite. Tim was very pleased with the way the kite turned out.
Mike was a bad kid who loved to make other children cry. He often teased the overweight kids and called them mean names. His mom often warned him that what goes around comes around. He didn't listen and picked on kids all the way up to high school. He found himself a victim as the kids he bullied were now bullying him.
When Mary's husband died she was very lonely. To fix her loneliness she decided to adopt a kitten. She named the kitten mitten. She loved the kitten very much. After mitten came into Mary's life she wasn't lonely any more.
Tim had an apple tree. Every year, the tree produced lots of apples. Tim was selfish and didn't share the apples with anyone. His friends began to leave him out of their fun. Tim felt bad and decided to share his apples.
Tom and Melissa are a married couple. They desperately want a child but cannot conceive. They decide they want to adopt a baby. Tom and Melissa travel to Estonia to adopt a baby girl. They bring home their daughter, Angela.
A woman found a pony. The pony looked sad. The woman thought of something to help. She gave the pony some fresh hay. The pony cheered up and was happy.
Tom arrived back home from a trip. Unfortunately his luggage didn't. The airline wasn't able to locate it anywhere. Eventually Tom got them to pay for the contents of his bags. Unfortunately the pictures would be lost forever.
Barry hated when the school did fire drills. Barry felt they were unnecessary and time consuming. While at school, Barry heard the fire alarm. Barry quickly realized it was not a drill, and did what he was told. Barry was glad that he knew what to do because of the drills.
We decided to get married on the beach. Our family and friends met us there. It was a perfectly sunny summer day. Best of all, no one had to wear shoes! We ended our day with a dip in the cool ocean.
Rolf is getting ready for work. He brushes his teeth and gets dressed. He finds his keys and checks his phone for messages. Belatedly, he realizes today is Saturday, and he doesn't work today. He decides to change clothes and go for a hike today instead.
Miranda and her boyfriend had never gone out together. They enjoyed privacy and had always stayed in to hang out. Tonight he was taking Miranda on their first outing. She was nervous having no idea what to expect. Luckily the date was a giant success.
The wife wanted to get her husband a nice gift. SHe knew he needed a better fishing pole. She bought him a top of the line pole. He opened it and was so surprised! He thanked her for the thoughtful gift.
My NH friends drove to Queens for a soccer game. My daughter lives in Queens. They called her up about visiting, but my daughter was working. She offered to put them up for the night. They declined, and drove back to NH after the soccer game.
Kevin loved playing soccer and was on a team. His team was set to have a game today. Kevin was feeling extra nervous about this. Luckily his nerves did not affect his performance. Kevin's team eventually won.
Sasha wanted to make some biscuits, so she bought the ingredients. She went home and started to follow the recipe instructions. She got the biscuits all ready to go in the oven. They cooked, but they did not come out right. She forgot an ingredient, so she decided to just go to bed.
Glen was a geeky boy at school. He loved anime and video games, but never really talked to people. A girl in his class really liked him and invited him to sit with her. Glen was really shy and didn't want to do it. The girl took his hand at lunch and brought him to her table.
Quentin had always wanted to learn how to play the fiddle. People told him that he would never learn. However, one day, Quentin decided to try. He practiced very hard that day. Quentin was happy to be learning to play fiddle.
Lou had a date, but he was so low on money. He worried that he couldn't afford a fancy night out. Then he had a new idea. He took his date out bowling for just ten dollars. And the two ended up having a wonderful time!
A spy was sent to infiltrate a foreign country. He did well, in the beginning. He got a job with a government ministry, privy to great secrets. Over time, though, he came to love his new home above his old one. Now, all his reports are filled with deliberate falsehoods.
Jane's family lived by the river. One week it kept raining a lot. Jane's house was at risk of flooding. They decided to evacuate early. Jane's family was safe but their house was severely damaged.
Zack wanted to ask Carly to marry him. He took her down to their favorite spot. He dropped down to one knee and proposed to her. Carley was so excited! Now it's time to plan a wedding.
Melvin was a kite collector. He never flew his kites. He only kept them in cases. One day one of his children flew one of his kites. He scolded the child and cleaned the kite himself.
Anika desperately wanted to meet Chris Brown. She stood in line at his dressing room during his appearance. Girls were let in if they had money or a gift for Chris Brown. Anika was asked what did she have for Chris Brown. She said her smile and was let in to meet him.
Tom was walking near a construction site. Suddenly, a small piece of metal was hurled toward Tom. The metal was lodged into Tom's cheek. Tom had the doctor remove the shrapnel from his face. That scar is in Tom's cheek to this day.
Jordie was shopping for groceries one day. Suddenly she saw a box of pasta on the shelf. It was an old brand of macaroni she had loved as a kid. She hadn't seen it in ages and immediately bought a few boxes. At home she cooked it up, enjoying the nostalgic flavor.
Fred got to go to the candy factory. It was an amazing trip. While there he tasted a lot of the candy. He also made his own flavor. Then he got to package it.
There was a guy walking in China. He wanted to explore the market. The market was full of energy. He tried lots of good food. He was glad he went for a walk.
Dan was the team basketball star at his school. This game determined who would go on to state finals. Dan and his team mates played with all their heart. The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it. The team won by two points and went on to state finals.
Josh was an assistant pastor. He wanted to start his own church. He got some people together. He started meeting in a middle school auditorium. He got up to a few hundred members.
My nephew's best friend died of a heart attack at 17. He and his friends organized a basketball tournament. The proceeds were donated to the heart association. After a few years, people forgot about the friend. The tournament was canceled.
Ryan called the police. He said he had been robbed. The police were skeptical of his story. Ryan started to change his story. People started thinking he had made it all up.
Max needed some extra money thanks to his impending baby. He asked around town and heard that the cab company needed help. He went in and applied but he didn't know how to drive well. Luckily, the man working there offered to teach him. In no time, Max was driving the taxi around time and making money.
A kind lady approached me in school. She asked for help locating a book in the library. I offered to help and also took her to the place. Eventually, a group of security officers attacked her. They told me that she violated her house arrest restrictions.
Cal picked up his toothbrush and began brushing his teeth vigorously. He was too aggressive, however. Cal's toothbrush snapped in half! He was very startled! Cal picked up the half with the bristles and finished brushing.
Kia was understudy for the lead role in the school play. On opening night, the lead got very sick. Kia was called in to perform! She was nervous but excited. She knew every line and did a great job!
I wanted to help raise money for public television. I called the station to volunteer. They assigned me to the phones. I was afraid to talk to people but I stuck with it. I raised over a million dollars for PBS on my own.
Beth packed her kids' lunches. They usually took a sandwich and some fruit. Her youngest threw a fit and said he didn't want to take it. Instead, she let him get the lunch at school. He was happy to get a change of pace.
I have been trying to get my daughter to bed on time. It is important she gets used to an earlier bedtime. She has been staying up late throughout the summer. Since school is starting soon, I want to give her time to adjust. I hope it is not too hard.
I was walking to the store one day. I noticed a baby possum nearby. The possum saw me and started following me! She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up. Eventually, she veered off into the thick brush.
We had a heat wave this week. Temperatures were in the nineties. Our condo has a pool that closes at 8 PM. A lot of residents climbed over the fence and swam all night. The condo board is considering a security guard.
Amber's dad taught her to play chess at a young age. When she was in fifth grade, she joined her school's chess club. She was the only girl in the club, and she was a little intimidated. She found that she was good at chess, and always beat the boys. Her father was proud of Amber when she won the championship.
The medicine man danced like he never had before. It was his child who needed the healing this time. Little Spotted Horse knew all the moves. The trouble was, he didn't believe the medicine man had any power. He had been raised by those outside the reservation.
Tina was going to paint something. She got out her canvas. She wanted to fill the whole canvas with flowers. She painted for hours. When she was finished, it was beautiful!
Kate was driving to school. She was running a bit late. She was low on gas. She decided not to stop to get more. She barely made it to school before stalling out.
Jim ran across his two brothers. They were fighting each other. One of the brother ended up being knocked down. However, Jim got hit by his back. Both of them landed on the ground.
Crisp golden leaves swirled around Mary as she walked to Betty's. Not even the weekly neighborhood meeting, could dampen her spirits. Upon entering the house, she noticed the usual suspects assembled. The hot topic today was appointing a chair for the Fall Carnival. Quite unexpectedly, Mary found herself voted into the position.
Roger's doctor told him he had a heart condition. She said that if he didn't eat very healthily, he'd surely die young! But Roger loved sweets so much that even his wife couldn't change him. Then, a year after his diagnosis , Roger's first son was born! Ever since that day, Roger swore off sweets and ate healthily.
My husband decided he needed new shirts. He went to his favorite website and shopped. They had all of his favorite genres available. He purchased 10 shirts and spent a lot of money. He threw out all his old shirts when they arrived.
I used to have both a dog and a cat. They both got along just fine with each other which was weird. I've always been told that dogs and cats don't like each other. The media always promotes that fact as well. I guess you can never believe anything until you see it for yourself.
Liam dreaded going to his older sister's dance recital. He thought it was going to be nauseatingly boring. Much to his surprise, Liam thoroughly enjoyed the recital. He gained a whole new appreciation for dance as an art form. He looks forward to the next opportunity to attend a dance recital.
Jeff was a manager at a fast food restaurant. A young team member was getting on his nerves. The team member lost money for the store. Jeff yelled and screamed at the poor girl. Jeff apologized to his team member.
Allie needed to get inside her house. When she got in, she saw her lamp was broken. She saw it shattered on the floor. She immediately picked it up. She found out the cat did it.
The lecturer spoke to a crowd. The crowd booed at the lecturer. The lecturer tried harder. The crowd was not impressed. Half of the crowd left the lecture.
My friends car was eating up CV joints often. He brought it to me to fix for him. I replaced the axles and added a ground strap. The missing Strap made the axles act as a ground for the starter. After replacing the strap it never had any axle problems.
Jimmy walked home from work. He saw what appeared to be a squirrel chasing a stick. He wondered how the stick was moving. It was actually a long snake. Jimmy screamed and ran away.
Henry walked to his English Class. He recognized an old childhood friend from a few years ago. She turned around and saw him. Although she noticed him, she continued to walk. Henry felt ashamed afterwards.
Cindy thought that her life was over. Her boyfriend of four years left her and she felt all alone. Her friends tried and tried to get her to go out. They wanted her to make new friends and be happy. They took her out and she met a new man and fell in love.
Lucy and Gina were at the pool. Lucy wasn't a very strong swimmer. She was in over her head and panicked. After a struggle she was able to swim to the edge of the pool. She nearly drowned, but she decided to continue swimming.
Tom was showing off in the kitchen. He tried to flip some potatoes sizzling in oil. Instead of looking cool, he got a lot of grease on his face. Tom's skin started to melt in a most painful manner. His friends had to rush him to the hospital.
A man thought he'd try growing tomatoes in his garden. So he bought seeds and equipment. He planted the seeds, and waited. A few months later, he found himself the owner of a small cornfield. His friends were baffled that he couldn't tell the seeds apart.
I had been working very late for the past week. I was driving home after another exhausting day at work. My eyelids were heavy as I tried to focus on the road. My eyes closed and I fell asleep at the wheel. I suddenly woke up when I heard a car honk at me.
Miranda had just had a baby. She wished that her husband would do all of the cooking. She offered to clean all of the diapers in exchange for it. Her husband agreed so they made a deal. Every night he cooked, and she cleaned every diaper.
Alfred knew something was different about today when he awoke. He opened his curtains and saw snow everywhere! He turned on the radio and listened intently. The radio announced that school was cancelled! He happily went back to sleep.
Jill wanted to bring back the passion into her marriage. She bought a very intimate costume. Jill met her husband at the door wearing it. He laughed at her and asked when dinner would be ready. Jill returned the costume and got her money refunded.
Sam had been drinking all afternoon. He decided to get more beer. Unfortunately he was too drunk to drive. He decided to take a nap instead. Sam wound up sleeping through the night.
John saw a hurt man on the side of the road. He didn't know whether to stop and help or keep going. John felt he should help the man so he did. John put him in his car and took him to the hospital. The man was grateful and even gave John a reward.
I'm a huge music lover. I took my kids to their first concert. We had great seats in the front row. The band came on and the music was super loud. My kids decided they wanted to leave early.
I was hungry one afternoon. I got into my car and drove down the road. I looked for a fast food place. I saw a taco bell near me. I went through the drive through and got food.
Claudia was browsing through magazines. She saw an ad for a new perfume. She tried the sample in the magazine. The sample gave her an allergic reaction. Barb was more careful about trying random perfumes.
Ophelia is feeling bored at home one day. She decides to put on some music to listen to. She likes the music. Ophelia finishes listening to music. She is glad it kept her from feeling bored.
I was very stressed out. So I tried to play some video games. But I kept feeling guilty for playing. I decided it was the best thing to do for my health, however. So I played video games without any guilt.
I was trying to run to my workplace. When the cars were waiting in traffic, I tried to walk across. Eventually, a cop told me to stop. He gave me a ticket for jaywalking. Afterwards, I walked to work slowly even though I was late.
Mira went grocery shopping. She unloaded her groceries when she got home. Mira went to use her car later in the week. There was a bad smell in the car. Mira realized that she had forgotten the milk in the car for days.
I recently got a new car. It was a Ford Contour. I couldn't decide on a name for it yet. I always named all of my cars. After thinking for hours, I named the car John Doe.
Air Force Pilot Jeff Duncan was shot down over Germany in World War 2. He was sent to a highly secure prisoner of war camp. Working from a plan he devised, he started digging under the compound. Just as German officers were about to catch him, an alarm went off. Someone else's failed escape gave Jeff just enough time to escape.
Henry was walking outside to tend to his garden. The walkway outside was crooked. Henry lost his balance and fell. Henry was in great pain and went to the doctor. The doctor said that Henry fractured his hip.
I decided to make a chart. My daughter needed something to help her with chores. I laminated a princess and castle background. She squealed with happiness when she saw it. We hung it happily together and discussed how it would be used.
Rex had always wanted to be a kindergarten teacher. He loved working with kids. When he finally became a kindergarten teacher he was very happy. It was satisfying to work with kids every day. Rex was proud that he had fulfilled his career goal.
Sam was walking to class. He slipped and fell. Everyone saw and laughed. Sam was embarrassed. He went to class with his head down.
Last year, Jeff turned 35. He was arrested for using drugs at work. The family was very disappointed in him. They decided to get him some help. His parents sent him to rehab.
Felipe had wanted a full time job for Years. However, he was having difficulty getting hired. Finally Felipe's friend recommended he work as a sanitation worker. Felipe was hired the next month! He felt very grateful to have a full time job.
Robert got a great job offer to do government roofing The job was set to pay 60 dollars per hour Robert could not turn it down and accepted the job That day Robert went to lunch with his father Robert then went to work, and worked harder than ever
Me and my family were on vacation. Three of my cousins and I were in the hot tub. For fun we ran from the hot tub and jumped into the pool. Then we ran back. We did this several times in a row until we were scolded by my aunt.
Maria was invited to a costume party. She decided to make her own costume. She worked for days on it. At the party, everyone else's costume was store bought. Although theirs looked more polished, Maria was proud of her work.
Tina made pesto for her boyfriend. She was so proud of her cooking skills. Her boyfriend said it was delicious. Tina tried it and agreed. She was glad she made a new recipe.
My brother-in-law lost his job last year. He has been looking for work ever since. He has been doing odd jobs to bring money in. Recently, he began doing some catering jobs. Today he called and was flying to Missouri to do a job!
I was headed to the beach for a party at night. The radio had some reports of jellyfish attacks. I did not believe this would happen so I went anyway. While I was at the beach I was attacked by jellyfish. I will now pay attention to radio beach alerts from now on.
Jodi acted in a popular sitcom. Everyone loved the character Jodi played. The show was one of the longest running sitcoms. Eventually the show was cancelled. Jodi began auditioning for movie roles.
I once met a man and fell deeply in love with him. We began to talk more and spend time with each other. We talked about our relationship and decided to get married. A few days later, he changed his mind. Now we don't talk anymore but I hope to reconcile.
Jan loved to read. She never discriminated when it came to titles. She was very sad when her favorite librarian was replaced. Jan stayed away from the library for months. She finally became friends with a new librarian.
I went to bed last night without a care in the world. I woke up feeling something good was going to happen today. I went to my fry cook job that I love as usual. My supervisor asked to speak with me in private. When I went in his office he told me I was fired!
Sam was arguing with Tim. They argued all day. It was over which color was the best. They realized that the argument was stupid. The made up and hugged.
Thomas didn't like that he freckled so easily. Five minutes in the sun and he looked like a strawberry. He worked all day in the sun so after a month it was worse. No one recognized him anywhere he went. And he had to wait winter until his skin faded to white again.
Ollie's teacher asked him to stay after class. He was worried he had done poorly on his last test. He waited until the bell and then lingered near the doorway. His teacher handed him a paper certificate. Ollie had earned a reward.
Amy needed more hours at work. She called a job that she was offered before. They told her the job was no longer available. When they were hiring Amy applied again and waited to hear back. To her dismay she was never called for an interview.
The co-worker was focusing on my work. He came up to me and started a conversation. He said that he dislikes what I'm doing. Before getting mad, I decided to ask him a few questions. I found out that he mistaken me for a past-friend of his.
Kate had a photographic memory. One day she witnessed a crime at a grocery store. She offered her assistance to the police in identifying the suspect. She thought back to the incident. They caught the suspect and he went to jail thanks to Kate.
Anna hated doing dishes. She let them pile up all week. Finally the sink was totally full. Anna sighed and washed all of them. She felt very relieved after she finished!
Valerie hired John to install her kitchen cabinets. John was always late getting to work. John did not finish installing the cabinets on time. Valerie was not happy with John's work. She called another carpenter when she needed bathroom cabinets.
There was a blackout in Kate's town. They had candles lit in the house in order to light the rooms. Just then a strong gust blew in the window. The bathroom candle was blown out by the breeze. Kate was plunged back into the darkness as she sat in the bathroom.
Magdalene wanted to go on a cruise. She saved up money at her job for two years. She picked a cruise of the Caribbean. She spent most of the journey mildly seasick. Magdalene was greatly distressed at her reaction to the cruise.
Nate didn't know what to dress up as for Halloween. He wanted a costume to impress his friends. He decided to make a robot costume himself. He spent all October making his costume. To his friends' excitement, he won first prize at the costume contest.
I saw my FB friend Sandra at the hospital. My son used to work in the bank with Sandra. She was accompanying her 85 year old father to the doctor. Her father fell and had hip surgery. She later reported on FB that her dad was recovering from the surgery.
Jenny picked me up from my house. I asked if we're driving to the park. She said yes and continued to drive. After a few minutes, we arrived in front of a house. When we went inside, there was a party going on.
The lawn got brown and dry in the hot summer. A man installed a sprinkler system. The grass became nice and green. Neighbor kids came to play on the lawn. The man made friends with neighbors he had not known.
A few years ago I went on my first roller coaster. I was very scared. I kept my eyes closed the entire time. I did not want to see what was going on. When it was done I never wanted to do it again.
Tommy was a young boy who had never gone to the theater. His family took him to the movies to see Star Wars. Tommy was enchanted by the special effects. When Tommy got home, he immediately found some crayons and paper. He spent the rest of the evening drawing his favorite parts.
Kim was slim and pretty. Her family said she was pretty enough to model. So Kim decided to enter a modeling contest. She did her best to impress the judges. Sadly, though, she did not win the contest.
Bert went for a walk after work tonight. As he was walking down the street he saw an envelope. He picked it up to see if anything was in there. The envelope contained three thousand dollars. That's why Bert takes a walk every night after work.
Bob went to a work retreat at a fish camp. Every morning guides would take the workers out to fish. They took motorboats way up the river to find good spots. Every night the cooks prepared dinner using the day's catch. Bob decided it was the best work event he ever attended.
Reed is swimming. Reed cannot swim well. Reed swims to the deep part of the pool. Reed falls under and cannot get back up. The lifeguard sees this and rescues him.
My cousin told me he went to the laundromat last night. He said he always checks the water filters. Sometimes he finds coins. Last night he found a ring. He kept the ring instead of turning it in.
Sarah has a dog named Lilo. Sarah took Lilo for walk. Lilo rolled around in dirt during his walk. Sarah had to take Lilo to the groomer. When Lilo came home from the groomer, he looked beautiful and clean.
Alan's dad bought him a pistol for his eighteenth birthday. He took Alan to the range so they could learn to shoot. At first Alan was a very poor shot. But as he practiced, his aim improved. Soon Alan a better shot than even his dad!
I played my friend in tennis. He was not very good. I taught him how to play better. He began to beat me at tennis. I decided I needed more practice.
Emily watched as her brother and sister walked past her. Emily crawled after them but was not able to keep up. Emily crawled towards the couch and pulled herself up onto her feet. Slowly Emily let go of the couch and turned towards her siblings. Emily put moved slowly and soon was walking beside her siblings.
My aunt Grace visited China last year. She was very impressed with the Chinese culture and lore. After her trip, she recounted every detail that occurred to her. We were as excited as her to hear her stories. We all ended up wanting to go to China after hearing her experiences.
The store advertised hot dogs for free. They gave away four thousand dollars worth of hot dogs. They increased their revenue that day. They decided to always give away free hot dogs. The customers grew tired of hot dogs.
Dan was not very good at English. He had just moved to the United States from Korea. He worked hard every day to improve his language skills. One day, his American friend told him that his English was great! Dan felt good about this, and he vowed to work even harder!
Lanny was the leader of the local Boy Scout Troup. He thought it would be a good experience if they built a robot. He spent a long time researching the steps they needed to take. With some help from a local engineer they started the build. The kids worked hard and built an amazing robot.
Sometimes, the strangest things can become big hits. I tried making new flavors of ice cream. Eager to experiment, I raided my cupboards for ingredients. I mixed a can of olives with an avocado in the ice cream. Strangely enough, that became very popular.
Cade is struggling to read. He does not like to read because it takes too long. His mother suggested that he read at least one chapter a night. So Cade started reading one chapter a night. Cade's reading improved so much, soon one chapter just wasn't enough!
Ken's friends set him up on a date. The girl was pretty and they hit it off. They both had similar interests and had good conversations. Ken asked her for a second date and she agreed. They kept dating until they got married and had kids.
Mary's favorite hobby was making organic scented candles. Mary made an ornate coconut-scented candle for her friend Christian. Mary did not know that Christian was allergic to coconut. When Christian smelled his new coconut candle, he broke out in hives. Mary apologized with a box of expensive chocolates - without coconut.
Mia entered a chess tournament. She thought she would win easily. After all, she was a great player! But she lost within an hour. Mia was forced to concede defeat.\
My father used to be a gardener before he died. He had a garden with many different kinds of vegetables. He took good care of every single plant. Now that he is no longer here, I take care of his plants. It is a good way to remember my father.
Mario was a plumber trying to attract new customers. He decided to make a video in which he sang about his plumbing skill. He worked very hard on the song but it ended up being horrible. Still, something was funny about it, and the video went viral. Mario doubled his business that year and had to hire more workers.
I woke up early to go jogging. I put on my running shoes. After 10 minutes of stretching I started to jog. My legs started to hurt after a few minutes. I quit earlier than expected.
Greg saw a mouse in his kitchen. He went out and bought a cat to catch it. He waited and waited but saw no dead mouse. Thinking his cat was useless he almost returned it. Finally, he woke up in horror to see a dead mouse on his pillow.
Edward had received a football scholarship to a great university. However, he knew that he would not be able to play football forever. So, he decided to major in his other passion, which was mathematics. He studied hard in his classes and played well on the field. He managed to strike up a good balance between sports and his studies.
Faith made a milkshake for the first time. She followed the recipe to the letter. She poured all the ingredients in the blender. She pushed the button and waited. As she forgot to put the top on, everything splashed on the wall.
Nicole played basketball as a child. She then also played in college. After college, she was an assistant coach for the college. Nicole applied for the varsity job at her old high school. She got the job and was very happy.
Megan was shopping for a new vehicle. She bought a big truck. Her husband was very surprised. Megan said she had always wanted to drive something so large. Megan had a lot of fun driving around town in the huge truck.
There was once a boy living in Germany. The boy had a very nice and pretty puppy, whom he loved very much. One day, the puppy ran away from home. The boy was devastated and upset beyond reason. That boy would grow up to become a great, sad psychologist.
The couple planted a tree in their backyard. A bird immediately moved in. He made an intricate nest. Soon, there were a few eggs! The bird took care of the eggs until they hatched.
Kaleb was very curious about smoking. He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes. He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway. Kaleb quickly became addicted to the nicotine. He had to fight very hard to break the smoking habit.
Ben found a frog in the creek. It was green and slimy. He took it home and put it in a bucket. The next day, the frog was gone. He'd jumped out and escaped!
Ann loved to visit her grandma's cottage. She adored the gingerbread trim and the secret hiding places. When she grew up, Ann forgot about the cottage. When she heard it was going to be sold, Ann went to see the old place. In her pocket was a check to buy the cottage.
The teacher drew a shape. She asked for it's name. The boy said square. The teacher corrected the boy. It was a triangle.
Julie came to work with an idea to renovate the office. She went to see her boss and explained her new views. Her boss wasn't impressed and said it would cost too much. Julie thought about the issue all day and went to see her boss again. She amended her plan to make it more affordable and her boss accepted.
Jane got a new haircut. It was a short pixie cut. After she noticed a lot of people confused her for a boy. She would especially get called that from behind. Jane eventually grew her hair out.
Carl needed to lose weight. He found it very hard since he loved candy. He decided he would stop having candy in the house. He found it much easier to lose weight this way. Soon, Carl was down ten pounds and didn't miss eating candy at all.
When I got out of the bus, my wallet fell out my pocket. It remained in the bus. When I realized that I didn't have my wallet, I panicked. However, I kept my composure and called transportation. A security guard managed to retrieve it and gave it to me.
Dylan was excited to book his vacation. He searched online for the best travel location. Dylan found the perfect place! He spent the next few days booking his hotel and flight. Dylan left for vacation the next day.
Donald was working on a painting. He put it away over night. In the morning he noticed it was ripped up. Donald looked around and saw his dog had paint on him. He figured the dog accidentally messed it up.
It was a special day. It was the anniversary of a national disaster. The people gathered around to remember the people who had died. They had a special ceremony. The people vowed to never forget.
Linda signed up to be a part of her country's army. She was worried she would not get the best position assigned to her. Fortunately, her commanders recognized her potential and her skills. Linda was assigned to a good position for a person with her talents. She serves her country proudly.
Tom was concerned about his health. He felt sick. He wanted to take his temperature. He wanted to know if he had a fever. He bought a thermometer to measure.
Lou's big brother always beat him at backgammon. Lou's uncle was a very good player. Lou asked him for tips on how to get better himself. His uncle gave him a number of suggestions. The next time he played his brother he beat him at last!
Tim needed to change his oil. He was initially going to do it himself. Then he noticed a coupon he got in the mail. It was a really good deal. Tim decided to have it done there instead.
My daughter ordered a new backpack for school. When it arrived it was much smaller than the picture. We could barely fit her notebook into it. She tried to use it for a week before giving up. We bought a new, large backpack yesterday.
Jake cooked dinner for his girlfriend. He spent a long time preparing a nice meal. His girlfriend wait until it was cold. She then ate only a bit without thanking Jake. He dumped her the next day.
Gina walked in the front door. Her mother inquired about the bread she was to pick up. Gina had no idea what she was talking about. She hadn't seen the text her mother sent. She had no way to, her phone had been confiscated in class.
Allie was watching a show yesterday. It was very funny. Allie laughed out loud. She didn't know how to keep it in. She wanted to watch it again.
Joe was a terrible dancer and his wife was good at it. Joe wanted to dance with her. So Joe to dancing lessons. He worked hard everyday to get better at dancing. One day he showed his wife his new dance moves.
Britney's dad wanted her to not wear make up. He would make sure she had none on before leaving the house. Brittney would keep her makeup in her purse. When she would leave the house she would put on makeup. Brittney felt like she was smarter than her dad.
Kay was going to a dance. She wanted to impress all her friends. She decided she needed a new dress. She could not find one so she made one. It was the best one at the dance.
For Father's Day this year, Kroy decided to take his dad fishing. He planned the day out ahead of time so it would be perfect. He picked hi dad up early in the morning and took him to breakfast. Then they hit their favorite fishing spot for the day. Neither caught much but they enjoyed their time together.
Carol was trying to clean up around the apartment. She tried to vacuum. Unfortunately it broke halfway through. Carol didn't know how to fix it. She had to stop vacuuming entirely.
Max was a determined student. He worked day and night to get excellent grades. He received a scholarship for his hard work. The next semester, Max was determined to repeat his success. When the scholarships were handed out, Max's name was on the list again.
Tom bought flowers for his wife. He had a dozen roses delivered to her. When she got them she cut her fingers on the thorns. Tom was upset that they didn't fix that. He called and had them refund him his money.
Stacy came home that day and was surprised. Her mom had a new cat. Stacy was so excited. They played with the cat all day that day. Stacy would never forget that day.
Allison wanted to switch up her hair color. She decided to dye her hair red. Allison was quite scared. Finally she did a good job. When she was fine she loved it.
Cal was looking forward to eating a bagel with cream cheese. When he opened his fridge, he discovered he had neither ingredient. Pondering what to have for breakfast he searched his freezer. Cal found a ziplock baggie with frozen waffles. He had them for breakfast instead of what he had planned to eat.
Tia was hiking one day. She suddenly grew very thirsty. Her water jug was empty, so she drank from a nearby stream. But soon her stomach was cramping horribly! Tia realized she shouldn't have drank the untreated water.
Whitney made potato soup for her mom. She followed the exact recipe her mom always used. Her mom ate a bowl with no complaints and said it was tasty. Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting. She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom's famous soup.
Tasha wasn't a very good cook. Every time she tried cooking, something went wrong. Tasha attempted cooking spaghetti for her friends. The spaghetti sauce was very runny and gross. Tasha and her friends decided to go to a restaurant instead.
Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him. The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny. It was twenty degrees and very cloudy with snow. Cal didn't have time to go back inside and grab a jacket. He ran all the way to his car and turned on the heat full blast!
Jen was home alone watching a horror movie. She was nice and cozy eating snacks. Suddenly she heard some rustling noise. She got very scared. She could not finish her movie.
Sam left out food over night. He didn't think much of it. The next morning there were a bunch of ants around it. Sam tried to kill them all but couldn't. He had to send in an exterminator.
Joan sent her son on a camping trip with the school. While he was gone, she cleaned out the spare bedroom. She moved all of his things from the room he shared with his brother. She set up his computer and arranged his new furniture. She opened the door to his new, own, room and yelled, "Surprise!"
Martha had been told by her parents not to go out. It had been snowing all day so the roads were slick with ice. Martha grew bored of waiting inside. So she rushed out to meet friends against her parents wishes. Martha crashed the car after hitting a patch of black ice.
I went to the river by my neighborhood. I sat down with my fishing pole. I through the line out into the water. I waited for a while until I caught a fish. I went home with the fish and ate it.
Sally was frustrated by the construction next door and couldn't sleep. She worked nights and every morning they woke her up at 7:00 am. She was getting very cranky and not feeling well from lack of sleep. Her friend suggested she buy a white noise machine, which she did. It successfully blocked the noise and Sally was able to sleep again.
Camden was driving his golf cart to the beach. He spotted a nest of ducklings along the way. He stopped and got out to get a better look. The mother duck got spooked and took off. She pooped on the golf cart as she left the scene.
Ned had just had an inground pool installed. Now he had to fill it! He decided he needed a hose. He drove to the store and bought a long garden hose. Then Ned used the hose to fill his new swimming pool.
Sally was not well liked at school. She would always walk around with a sour face. One day someone asked her was was she always so gloomy. She responded that she wasn't and her face was just like that. Word spread and Sally gained many new friends after that.
Wallace got in trouble for being at the woman's locker room. He got suspended. Wallace had to do community service. He also had to write a formal apology. Wallace was able to go to school again.
The man hid. The cops were searching for him. The cops could not find the man. The cops brought in a police dog to help. The dog found the man.
My daughter's high school friend may be on cocaine. She has been acting high after breaking up with her boyfriend. A mutual friend offered to help her get into rehab. She listened one day, then denied taking drugs the next. The mutual friend has not talked to her since.
Mark really liked Sally from school. He decided that she couldn't resist his charm if he gave her a puppy. Hours were spent finding the right puppy that would work for his plan. He knocked on Sally's door, and handed her the puppy. Her house was filled with cats, and she is severely allergic to dogs.
Amy wanted to meet Cinderella. It was the one thing she wanted to do at Disney World. The next morning her family had breakfast at the Castle. When Cinderella entered Amy ran right up to her. Cinderella hugged Amy as her family took pictures.
Tim put his mask on and waited outside the bank. His partner signaled him from across the street. Tim began to run into the bank waving his gun around. He demanded all the money in the teller's stand. He got the money and ran out of the bank.
Maggie and her friends decided to go to the chocolate factory. They put on the factory clothes and walked in. The girls were amazed at all the equipment. On their way out, they bought some candy. The girls couldn't wait to go back.
Mary ordered a pair of shoes online. Several days later, she noticed the price of the shoes had dropped. Irritated, Mary called the online retailer to complain. The polite customer service rep refunded the price difference. Mary now makes it a point to use this site whenever she needs shoes.
Ari was invited to a holiday party. He wanted to bring his hostess a gift. But he had no clue what! After Googling, he decided on a bottle of wine. His hostess was very pleased with the witch.
Arnold knew that Helga's favorite flowers were daisies. He went to the floral shop to purchase a bouquet of daisies. After perusing different options, Arnold chose his favorite one. He excitedly rushed home to deliver the flowers. Arnold wished Helga a happy birthday as he handed her the flowers.
Mary wanted to learn how to knit. So she asked her mother to teach her how to knit. Her mom agreed to teach her how to knit. Mary was taught the next day. After practicing a lot she knitted her mom a blanket.
Amy was at her desk but she needed to use the bathroom. She knew the janitor was in the bathroom and had to wait. She walked swiftly to the bathroom when he was done. In a hurry she turned the corner and ran into her boss. Amy was just happy the coffee spilled on her was cold.
Tina had to go on a family trip to Montana. She was not excited about it. Actually it made it frustrated. She thought there would be nothing to do there. Yest thankfully she ended up liking it a lot.
Sam was driving to work. It was foggier than usual. He couldn't see. Sam had to drive slower in the fog. Sam was late for work.
Cora saw an old woman begging on the street. Cora felt very bad for her. She approached the old woman. Then she handed her a $20 bill. The old woman thanked Cora profusely.
Tom wanted to travel. Traveling was Tom's favorite activity. Tom visited a remote island. Tom saw apes. Tom fed the apes bananas.
The chef was preparing for a job interview. He practiced making his amazing appetizers. He served some to the owners of the restaurant. They loved them! The chef was hired immediately.
Ziggy the dog did not like strange people in his house. He would bark non-stop and sometimes try to nip them. For this reason, Ziggy's family hardly ever had guests. Tired of this, they decided to take Ziggy to the vet. The vet prescribed prozac for Ziggy's anxiety.
Dan was at Macy's buying shoes. He handed the lady his credit card. He signed the slip, grabbed his bag and left. As he was leaving the cashier called to him. The kind employee brought Dan his credit card he left behind.
Martha was hitting an all time low at her bakery. She'd been selling next to nothing for almost a month now. She thought about what it was that she liked. She loved babies and knew that people loved cupcakes. Ever since she combined the two, business has never been better.
The English class at Salisbury high was anticipating a new teacher. The students had no idea who it would be. Immediately a sweet looking woman came into the room. She announced herself to the class. The classroom was pleased to meet her.
Bart's and Jess' gambling operation worked simply. They caught large spiders and kept them unfed in jars. At recess, they would organize the spiders into death matches. Their classmates would place bets on the outcome of the matches. Bart and Jess were making loads of money.
I was usually a good kid in school. Made nothing but A's and B's. However, I fell into the wrong crowd. My grades started to slip and decided to skip school. The school informed my parents and I was grounded.
Anna saw people waterskiing along the lake. It looked like so much fun! She and her friends pulled off onto the beach and parked. There, they paid for an hour of waterskiing. Anna discovered that it was just as fun as it looked!
Jon loved camping when he was kid. So he decided during the week end he would take his kids camping. The weekend arrived and he took his kids camping. They loved camping. Jon was happy that they also enjoyed camping.
Jane got a new job as a secretary. She was excited to learn the job. Unfortunately she spent most of her time just filing papers. It was tedious and repetitive. Jane eventually decided to get a different job.
There was a halloween party at the skating rink. I dressed as a witch. I painted my face green and got false nails. I won the skating competition that year. I had to take off my hat to skate first.
Sam needed help to move a couch in his house. He made a flyer asking for a strong helper. He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house. The next day he got a call. The caller said he was strong and could help Sam.
Kyle's parents were going out to dinner and needed a babysitter. Their regular babysitter couldn't make it because she was sick. The looked online and found a new babysitter that agreed to work. The new babysitter showed up on time and seemed very friendly. Their dinner date was saved!
I play a video game which sells ships and vehicles online. My newest requirement is for a Scharnhorst class battleship. The total price is forty two dollars. I couldn't figure out where to get the money. Then I remembered mturk, and now I'm writing short stories.
Gina was taking the posters out of a magazine she bought. She found there were only four posters. The front of the magazine promised eight. Gina unfolded one, and discovered they were double sided. Gina now had to choose which of the two she liked more.
Sara told her mom she wanted to paint her bedroom new colors. Her mother agreed and took her to the store to pick out a few colors. They taped up the room with an abstract pattern Sara liked. The main portion was yellow and the rest was bright blue. Sara loved her new room and was excited for the new look.
Dan was not a very good cook. He had watched a video on how to cook steak. He wanted to put his abilities to the test. He went to store to buy the biggest steak they had. He brought it home and cooked it perfectly.
Tim moved out to the country. He wanted to get away from all the noise. Near his bedroom was an owl. It stayed up all night making sounds. Tim had to buy ear plugs.
Lambo Slambo wanted to run a production company. His wife left him over this, and took his money. Instead of revenge, Lambo hustled. He hustled himself right into a brand new studio. Now he's the one who takes the money.
My mom tried to call me in school. Since I was occupied at the time, I hung up the phone. When I got home, she threw a fit. My plate of food was thrown in the air and she kicked me. I decided to leave her alone and take a nap.
Helen wanted a bunny. However her parents said she couldn't have one. Helen saw one outside. She sneaked it into the house. Helen's parents found out and yelled at her.
I walked my dog this morning. When he pooped I realized I forgot to take a bag to clean it up. I found a cup on the ground. Using the cup I scooped up my dog's poop. That was not how I wanted to start my day.
I flew a kite on a windy day. The kite kept pulling on me so I let out more string. I eventually let out all the string but the kite wanted more. I left go of the string to free the kite. The kite took off and soared into the sky.
Cindy is wearing her favorite blue dress to her friend's wedding. She loves this dress and only wears it on special occasions. During the reception, a muddy dog runs past and gets mud on the hem. Cindy immediately rinses it with cool water and gets the stain out. Cindy is relieved to be able to keep her favorite blue dress.
Greg was trying to lose weight. He bought a new scale for his home. He stepped on and saw that he'd gained twenty pounds. Greg was even more determined to do well. He started working out as well.
Becky went to the zoo with her friend. They walked to the back of the zoo. They saw Chimpanzees at the back of the zoo. Becky made a funny face and danced in front of the Chimp. The Chimp responded by defecating and tossing feces at Becky.
Nick was a young boy who wanted to play with dolls. His father shouted at him for playing with dolls. Nick didn't understand what was wrong with dolls. Nick decided to play with dolls in his closet in secret. Unfortunately, his father found out and grounded him for a month.
Tom was remodeling a house for his boss. His boss had told him to put in new wood flooring. Tom decided he didn't want to do that, so he put in carpet. Tom's boss came back, and got angry at the flooring. Tom's boss made him do the floor all over again.
The mall Santa got dressed for the day in the Mall bathroom. He gave his beard a light trim and tried a few Santa laughs. He thought he could do better so he practiced more. A shopper walked in on this and was confused. The awkward situation caused the mall Santa to laugh even more.
Jonathan had a sweet tooth and was trying to avoid sugar. When Halloween came, he bought three huge bags of candies. As kids came to his door, he distributed all the candies. But at the end of the night, there were still some in his bowl. With difficulty, he gave the remaining candies to his neighbor's kid.
Alana loved to write fantasy stories. She worked for two years on her longest story yet. She submitted the story to a number of publishers. Finally, a publisher told her they wanted to publish her book. It was the happiest day of Alana's life.
Sophie heard a soft whimpering sound on the other side of her door. She looked through the peephole but didn't see anything. As the whimpers grew in intensity, she opened the door. A puppy laid on the welcome mat all battered and bloody. She took him in instantly to give him first aid.
5-year-old Jennifer was planning to have a tea party in her room. She found the stuffed animals and noticed her favorite bear was gone. Jennifer seated each animal in a chair before searching the room. After 20 minutes, Jennifer was in tears about to give up on the bear. She suddenly realized she left it in the kitchen and happily ran out.
When I was younger we liked to play Hide n Seek. Me and my friends hid everywhere in my huge house. We would play for hours on end. We hid in dozens of different rooms. It was very exciting when you found someone after searching for a long.
Gina prepared food for the family. She cooked lasagna, grilled chicken and garlic bread. As soon as we started to eat, Her mom became nauseous. Afterwards, everyone started to feel queasy. They eventually threw away the food and ordered Chinese food.
Today I went to get my iron infusion. The hospital I go to treats cancer patients also. I used to think this was a sad place to come to because of the pain. This time, I looked past the pain and saw the courage. Next time I go to the hospital I will look for the courage again.
Mark owns his own home in Long Beach. When Hurricane Sandy came, his whole house was destroyed. Just this month, he finished rebuilding. It took a lot of time and effort. Now his home looks much better than the old one.
Jack joined the summer swim team. He was new to competitive swimming. His teammates won more races than he did. Still, he showed up and tried his best. To his surprise, he was named Most Valuable Player!
Arnie had grown up in the city. His favorite neighborhood bakery was being demolished. The building had been made a long time ago and was really special. He and his neighbors decided to protest. Slowly but surely, they stopped the people from taking their building.
Cal woke up and was about to jump out of bed. He saw something crawling on his white pillow case. It was a bed bug! Cal called the exterminators immediately. They came that day and sprayed all around his apartment.
Erin had a big test of Friday. She put off studying all week long. She stayed up all night Thursday trying to cram for the test. She went to take the test knowing everything she needed to know. She fell asleep during the test and failed anyway.
Tom was having Thanksgiving dinner with family. He made the mistake of bringing up politics. Everyone started talking about who they were voting for. Tom and several relatives got into a big fight. The entire dinner was ruined.
Greg made his own chocolate bars one day. And someone at school wanted a piece. The person was pleased with how it tasted. So Greg made chocolate bars to sell. Years down the road, Greg was able to open his own chocolate shop.
Tom arrived at the office for his first day at work. He was so nervous, he tripped when he tried to shake his boss's hand. He fell against his boss, and they both fell. Tom bowed his head and apologized, sure he was going to be fired. His new boss laughed it off and welcomed him to the team.
Larry was playing poker with friends There was no money involved. His friends accused him of cheating. He thought it was a joke. They kicked him out of the game and their friendship.
Megan was grocery shopping. She needed a can of enchilada sauce. Unfortunately, the store was out. She texted her husband. He texted her back with a list of alternative ingredients.
When Henry's mom came home, she started to arrange the house. In addition, she ended up moving Henry's homework. He became extremely furious when he couldn't find it. The first thing he did was started to shout at his mom. She felt bad although it was her fault for misplacing the homework.
Drake went apple picking with his family. He tried to pick only the single very best apple. His family members indiscriminately plucked ripe apples. Drake made the selection of a plump and perfectly red apple. His family later threw it into a pie with the others.
When we were in Chicago my friends and I went to the zoo. We spent the whole day there, observing the animals. The animals in the zoo appeared to be happy enough. However, by the end of the day my friend was very sad. She realized that seeing caged animals made her depressed.
My boyfriend calls me his princess. He started because he fell in love with me. We talked for hours online every night. Then we started talking about moving in together. We moved in together a few months later.
Game of thrones was on. Susie hated that show. She thought it was boring. But her boyfriend loved it. So he made her watch six hours straight of it.
James liked to decorate his room. He hung a big poster on his door. His mom told him to take it down. James refused! His mom took it down when he was at school.
My son Casey is autistic but he adores tractors and wagons. Harry, my mother's husband has a John Deere tractor with a wagon. Harry built a seat just for Casey, it even has seatbelts. Harry surprised Casey and pulled the tractor out of the barn. Casey had the best time riding in the wagon with his special seat.
Kerissa had wanted a kitten for a long time. One day she was going to buy one. Today was the day! She went to the pet store and found the perfect one. She took it home and called it Rose.
Kate needed a flashlight or candle. But it was hard to find either in a dark room. She found a flashlight without batteries. And there were none in the drawer the flashlight was in. It angered Kate since now they had to find a battery.
I convinced Jerry to try climbing the tree. He got up to about ten feet off the ground. then he started screaming. I climbed up after him. It took a long time to get him down.
Dan just got over being sick for a week and had a marathon to run. He missed seven days of training leading up to the race. Dan competed anyway and struggled the entire time. He did complete the race though however with a personal low. Dan didn't care he was just happy to finish it and be feeling better.
Steele was a really good athlete. He had a big football game coming up. Steele practiced for his game tirelessly for a month. On the day of the big game, Steele was very prepared. Steele kicked the winning goal for his team.
Mina wanted to adopt a cat. She visited a cat shelter with her friend. Mina was introduced to many cats. One named Dusty seemed nice and friendly. Mina adopted Dusty and was happy to have a new companion.
Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun. Now, her hair was very tangled. She tried to comb it but it wouldn't work. She decided to rub some coconut oil in it. Then, she was able to comb the hair out.
Miles had a flat tire on his car. He decided to walk to the corner store. Miles was walking back with his bag of groceries. A friend passed by and offered him a ride. Miles got a ride home with his friend.
Kelly slept through her alarm. She woke up twenty minutes late. She had to rush through her morning routine. Then she sped through traffic. Luckily, she made it to work on time!
The boy opened the cereal box. He heard a noise in it. He reached inside and felt around. He found a toy. The boy played with that toy all day.
Jim looked at his dad's hands. His dad's hands were so big. His dad's hands were dirty. Jim asked his daddy why. His dad told him about the hard work he did.
Adam had always wanted to be an astronaut. He studied very hard. He made sure he was in perfect physical health. Finally, he received word that he'd made the cut. Being an astronaut was everything Adam had hoped it would be.
Gina's grandpa had waited in the car 15 minutes while she shopped. She was concerned he would be upset it took so long. She jogged to the car after checking out with the cashier. When she got in the car she expected to be scolded. She was pleased to find he hadn't minded the wait at all.
Laurie was unemployed and Jessie decided to help her out. He gave her $1000 so she can catch up on her bills. The next day, Laurie came to Jessie's house again. She wanted an extra $300 on a car payment. Since the payment was late, he declined giving her anything.
On the morning of Thanksgiving, Grandpa woke up early. He came downstairs to the kitchen. He took the turkey out of the refrigerator and put it in the oven. Grandpa set the oven to 165 degrees. He went back upstairs to bed.
Tom broke up with his long-time girlfriend. In the following weeks, Tom began feeling lonely. Tom's friends suggesting getting a pet. Tom went to a kennel and got a really friendly puppy. Today, Tom and his dog are best buddies.
Laura worked at the phone company. She answered a call from an elderly woman. The woman wanted directions on how to hook up her home phone. Laura calmly walked her through the steps to do just that. After some time, the woman succeeded and thanked Laura for her help.
My printer was printing orange and red images. I checked and all my cartridges were full. I went online and they recommended a diagnostic. I replaced the blue cartridge even though it said it was full. The printer images were normal afterward.
We attended a family cookout on July 4th this year. My sister in law Ann's sister Betty, came over. Betty lives in Greenfield, ninety miles from Boston. We ate ribs and hamburgers outside, and talked for hours. We had a good time, and left late.
The next year, my mother again asked what I wanted for Christmas. This time, disgusted with the flooring, I asked for a carpet cleaner. She bought me a big new shampooer. That was almost a year ago. I never did learn how to use it.
Joe was arrested for fraud. He was photographed and his mugshot was blasted on the news. He was then put into a jail cell. Joe plead guilty. He was sentenced to four years.
Julie left work and ended up running over a nail. She had to pull over on the highway. She had never changed a tire before and it was late at night. A young man pulled over and changed her tired for her. She managed to make it home safe and sound.
The Johnson family was going on to Hilton Head, South Carolina. When their plane arrived late in Denver, they missed the next plane. They had to spend a whole day in Denver. But they had fun time shopping and eating in Denver. They arrived a day late in South Carolina.
My mom taught me how to pray when I was a little child. I said the same prayer every night with her as a child. When my son was born I taught him the same prayer. Now my son says the prayer with me. We have a special bond with our family praying because of my mom.
Tina was taking a bath. All of a sudden, the electricity in her house turned off. Since the bathroom was dark, she was freaking out. She ended up tripping on the tub since she couldn't see well. Eventually the power turned back on and she got up.
Carter was walking home. He saw a shortcut through the alley. The alley was dark and scary. Carter heard a noise behind him. He took off running away from the alley.
Everyone wants flower arrangements with dogs these days. I can make them pretty easily. But I think they look really dumb. Still, it's a job and I need money So I made them and got paid anyway.
John woke up realizing he was late for work already. He raced in between traffic at dangerous speeds. About halfway to his work, John rear-ended another driver. Frustrated, John stormed out of his car. When he got the other driver, he saw it was his boss staring at him.
Justin was throwing a party. He was new in town and wanted to get to know people. He worked really hard on the party. Then, he waited. Unfortunately, no one showed up for his party.
Tyler is eating breakfast. Tyler is eating eggs. While eating he starts choking. He takes a sip of water and clears his throat. Tyler stopped himself from choking.
Larry spent all day cleaning his house windows. They were large and troublesome to reach. He made sure to leave them perfect. Later that night it started to storm and rain. Larry was upset that the windows got dirty again so soon.
Tonya loves the color blue. Tonya's sister is throwing a party tomorrow. Tonya would like to wear a blue dress to the party. Tonya ordered a blue dress online last week. Tonya received her beautiful, blue dress in the mail today.
The garage sale looked pretty typical with knick knacks and junk. Then I spotted a dusty painting in the corner. Something about it called to me and paid the man his dollar and left. The next week, I had it appraised. My one dollar find was worth $15,000 at auction!
Susie got lost. She needed a map. So she looked through her pocket. She found an old map. She was relieved.
Rodney is taking a shower in his home. He is singing his favorite songs. When he gets out his friends tell him they have been recording him. Rodney gets red and feels so embarrassed. Rodney admits to his friends that was a good prank.
Yesterday my wife and son and I had dinner out. We went to the Stockyard, a steakhouse in Brighton, Massachusetts. My son and I had ribs and my wife had steak tips. We indulged in chocolate cake and peach pies for dessert. We went home very stuffed and happy.
Tony loved to fish. Everyday after school he would go down to the river. He would get some bait and put his line in the water. It didn't really matter if he caught anything. Tony just loved to fish.
I bought my girlfriend chocolates for valentine's day. Then I remembered that she's allergic. The store said I can't return them. So now I'm eating all the chocolates by myself. My girlfriend will be getting a fat boyfriend as a present.
A man was driving a bus full of people down the city street. As he was driving, he felt a tingle on his leg. He looked down to see a large spider crawling up his leg. He tried not to panic as he drove, but began swatting at the spider. The spider fell off his leg and vanished as the man calmed down.
Ron wanted to build a birdhouse. He got wood from his father's workshop. He used a saw to cut out the pieces. He nailed them together in the shape of a house. The birds loved their new home.
In the 1980s Ben and Jerry start an ice cream company in a garage. The ice cream quickly gained national popularity. In 2000 they sold their business for 500 million dollars. The ice cream company is now owned by a massive conglomerate. Ben & Jerry's is still popular all over the world.
Craig's home needed a new door. He decided to make a new one out of wood. Craig worked for days. He thought it would never be completed. Craig finally finished it with the help of his dad.
Dan heard a thumping as he walked by his car. He popped the hood to see what it was. A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery! Dan quickly grabbed the rabbit before it could hop away. He strangled it with his bare hands and tossed it in a ravine.
Sean and Sara had just bought a Christmas tree. They were getting ready to decorate it. They couldn't agree on whether to do tinsel or popcorn. They decided to play rock-paper-scissors. Sara won and they went with popcorn.
Jake had never ridden the bus before. He thought it would be simple. It was but he was too nervous and made it harder. He wound up at the wrong spot. Eventually he gave up and called a cab.
Sara needed new shoes. She went shopping and found a pair she wanted. However, they were too expensive. She decided to wait until they went on sale. By the time they went on sale, her size was gone.
A fight broke out in school. Matthew tried to punch an upperclassman. However, the person threw him on the floor. In addition, he kept kicking Matthew. The crowd around them did nothing but laugh.
Hurricane Gloria hit New England in September of 1985. My wife was eight months pregnant. Her sister called wondering if hurricanes caused early labor. My wife said she felt fine, and did not go into labor. Our daughter was born in October, full term.
Ryan and Ben went on a trip to visit their aunt. First they took a train to a distant city. Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos. They had such a great time exploring the strange city. They came home laden with stories and souvenirs!
Tim wanted to buy a gift for his mother. Tim thought of what his mother likes. Tim went shopping. Tim entered a candle store. Tim gave his mother candles as a gift.
Buck had a crush on Nancy and wanted to impress her. After thinking of how to impress her, he decided to buy flowers. Buck went to the flower store, but didn't know what to get. The store owner suggested he buy roses, so Buck bought some. Buck gave the flowers to Nancy and she was very impressed.
West had always wanted a pet turtle. The only issue was his mom wouldn't agree. One day, he found a turtle outside his house. He picked it up and fed it some food. Now, the turtle is living with West.
Brad lived in an apartment for a year and gor internet for free. He would use his neighbor's wifi so he never had to pay. He just moved into a house on his own. He noticed he now will have to pay for his own internet. Brad didn't known how good he had it.
Ed had sore feet. He could not remember doing anything to injure his feet. Ed visited his doctor for advice about his feet. The doctor told Ed his weight was hurting his feet. Ed went on a strict diet and the pain subsided.
Jim wanted to eat a granola bar. But he couldn't have any sugar. So he used eggs to make a granola bar instead of syrup. But it tasted very bland. Jim, though, realized he had to eat healthier.
Michelle loved to watch anime. One day when her favorite anime was on the cable was out. She frantically tried to call the cable company to fix it. After an hour to no avail she remembered she had an online account. She was finally able to relax and watch anime.
Jim came home to find his front door open. He went inside and saw a huge mess. He discovered that robbers had broken in. He called the police and reported his missing items. Jim was happy that no one was hurt during the crime.
Samantha had a new gym teacher today. Her gym teacher was sick today and had to stay at home. She was replaced by a substitute teacher. The substitute teacher made Samantha run laps in the gym. Samantha was furious and complained to her gym teacher the next day.
All of Kevin's friends could skate board well. Kevin really wanted to learn. He asked his friend Kyle to work with him. The practiced daily until Kevin was able to ride. Now all of the friends are able to skate at the park together.
Harry had gotten too big for his pants and decided to go on a diet. Harry stopped eating second dessert and started running at night. By the third week Harry had lost five pounds. Harry was very encouraged and kept it up. It wasn't long before Harry could fit into his pants again.
Today was the big day! Jason and his family were going to the sea park. He was hoping to see the big killer whale. They bought tickets and were waiting in the stands. Then, right in front of jason, the whale jumped out of the water!
Tim was at the swimming pool. He left his wallet on a chair. When he went back the wallet was gone. Tim tried checking everywhere around for it. He never found it.
George owned a banana stand in the middle of town. His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street. George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him. He had a great idea of covering his bananas in chocolate. Now his business is better than ever.
Joanie was making apple pies. She wanted to put them into cupcake pans and make them mini. Unfortunately, she couldn't get the dough to work. She tried her best to shape them properly and then baked them. Still, when they came out they were nothing like pies.
Justin is swimming in a large lake. Justin gets cramps in all of his muscles. He cannot swim and falls under the water. His father jumps into the water to save him. Justin nearly drowned in the lake.
The Winslow family was driving down the road. It was slick and icy in mid-December. The father hit a bad patch of ice and skidded off the road. They ended up in a snow drift. They had to call for a tow truck to get out.
Tom worked at a nice office. He worked long hours. He would forget to blink he was so absorbed in his work. His eyes became dry and caused him pain. He went to the pharmacy to buy eye drops to remedy his situation.
My sister in-law Bea had a birthday yesterday. My wife bought her a cake from a bakery. We put candles on it and sang Happy Birthday. I asked Bea what type of cake she liked. She said she prefers chocolate eclairs.
Tim was trying on shoes at the mall. He loved a particular pair of basketball shoes. Unfortunately they did not make them in his size. Tim was able to order the correct size off the internet. The shoes shipped to his house the very next day.
Joe owned a dairy farm. One day the fence in his pasture broke. He found the cows all on the other side, eating tall green grass. He called his neighbor and apologize. But the neighbor thanked him, it saved him the trouble of mowing.
Byron's doctor said he needed to lose weight for his health. Byron was not happy but knew his doctor was right. He started a low-fat diet and exercise program. The program was tough but he persisted. Byron was much healthier after he lost the weight.
The kids went to the neighborhood pool. It wasn't very busy so they were able to have fun. They swam back and forth and tried to do handstands. They finally realized they had to go home. They got a bit sunburned but said it was worth it.
Barbara walked home after school. A stranger passed by and stopped his car. He tried to attack Barbara. She ran away. She went home and told her parents what happened.
Kelsi decided to go to the pub to get a drink. When she went in she thought she would only stay for one hour. Ultimately Kelsi was having so much fun, she decided to stay longer. Kelsi ended up staying for three hours. She was having too much fun to leave.
Jane never paid attention. Her boyfriend asked her to get food. He told her what she wanted. She got everything wrong. Her boyfriend was annoyed.
Jim worked at an ice cream factory as the foreman. One day the vats of ice cream began running over. He tried his best to stop it from happening but it just kept coming. It flooded into the streets but no one cared because it was ice cream. Every year since, the town has an ice cream festival.
A friend was driving her family to Six Flags Park. She was on a very busy highway. A car swerved into her lane. She couldn't stop! She wrecked her car, but no one was hurt.
Kim had free tickets to the casino buffet. She went, impressed by their large selection of foods. She especially loved the shrimp cocktail, and ate a lot of it! But the next morning, she felt very ill, crampy and nauseous. She decided the shrimp cocktail must have been spoiled!
My family bought a boat and it kept running out of gas. We made sure it was full each time so we didn't know what was happened The boat would seem full of gas but after sitting, more could fit. We realized there was an air bubble in the line and it wasn't full. We didn't have problems after that.
Amy's sister took her shopping on Rodeo Drive. In a swanky store Amy spotted a purse she wanted to purchase. The cashier talked on the phone with her back turned to Amy. Amy waited patiently 5 minutes to pay for her purchase. Finally she simply left the purse on the counter and left baffled.
Jane decided to ask her husband to go grocery shopping. She gave her husband a list. Her husband returned a few hours later with the groceries. He forgot the spinach. Jane decided to never again let her husband go grocery shopping.
Allie had been engaged for a year now to her boyfriend. But they were having fights a lot of the time. Allie was getting worried. One day she saw he was kissing another woman. But Allie said absolutely not and decided to walk away.
Gary gossiped with his friends. His friends posted the gossip online. Gary found the gossip they had posted. He called his friends. He mad his friends promise to remove the gossip from online.
Mary and her sister haven't spoken in many Year's. Mary wishes she and her sister spoke more. One night she decides to knit a sweater and send it to her sister. Her sister calls her to thank her for the sweater. Mary is so happy that she and her sister are speaking again.
My nephew and his wife worked Saturday. It was the fifth time they had worked Monday to Saturday. After work they drove to Providence for pizza. Then they watched the water fires on the canal. They felt they deserved the treat.
Kevin was at a party. But he didn't know anyone there. Two guys approached him and invited him to smoke with them. Kevin tried to smoke but began coughing. He left and decided to never go to parties again.
Susie went deep sea fishing with her brother Charles. The two went to the local ocean to go fishing. They were there for an hour and had not caught anything. Susie eventually caught something. It was a very large sea bass.
Rebecca Lynn grew up in Carolina. Just a mile from tucker cherry's farm. She met a boy Named Skip. The two became best friends playing after school. Rebecca lynn and Skip fell in love and became soulmates.
Tom is really depressed that women no longer find him attractive. So his friend gets a woman to flirt with him. Tom finds out that she was put up to it. Tom is furious that his friend paid a woman to flirt with him. But he comes around when he realizes his friend had good intentions.
Max had always liked his next- door neighbor Julie. Finally he asked her on a date to see a movie. But then Max's dad's car broke down and he had no way to get there! Julie saved the day by suggesting that they walk to the theater. They had a long walk there, full of fun conversation!
Tim heard the tornado warning blaring outside. He ran outside to look. Super high winds whipped a fence board at his head. Tim ducked and laughed in relief. Another fence board hit him in the head from behind.
I invited a girl classmate named Janet to my apartment for dinner. I told her I would make her a delicious spaghetti dinner. I was poor, so I bought a jar of Better Value sauce. When Janet saw the jar of sauce she laughed out loud. She wound up taking me out to Wendy's for a burger.
Eli was eager to be a comedian. He practiced his first joke with his sister. He asked why no one liked pencils. Eli told her because they're pointless. His sister groaned and walked away.
Cassie was on a church girl's trip. The girls were canoeing a local river. Cassie had a really hard time with the paddles. She tried her best to keep up, but she couldn't. Luckily everyone was very understanding.
I really wanted a goldfish. I wanted to make it my mission to get one. So I went ahead and dived for one. I got plenty. So I added to my collection.
Andrea was avoiding her landlady. She sneaked early in the morning. She'd came back late at night. But one day, she had to come home early. The landlady was there waiting for her check.
Jeremy wants some tea. He went into teavana, searching for the best tea. He found most of it very sweet. He decides to buy youthberry although it tastes like juice. He drinks it all night
Josh wasn't doing well in school. His parents were having trouble with his behavior. Josh's parents decided to enroll him into a private school. The private school was very strict. Josh began to behave better and his grades rose.
I bought my mother a hat for her birthday. I also got a beautiful box to put it in. I got two big balloons and a birthday card. I had the items delivered to her house. She called me to tell me how much she loved the gifts.
Gina needed to buy tissues. When she got to the store, she forgot what she needed. She wandered the aisles hoping something would help her remember. She bought a broom, garbage bags, and laundry detergent. When she got to her car, she realized she forgot the tissues.
One day Allan heard a knock on his door. When he opened the door, no one was there. Later he again heard a knock, and again no one was there. Allan became very frightened that it could be a ghost. Actually it was the neighbor boy playing a trick on him.
Bill wanted to buy a pair of running shoes. Bill went to the sporting goods store to shop for the shoes. Bill was perplexed by the sheer variety of shoes available. Bill asked the clerk what she thought the best pair was. Bill decided to take her advice and got the pair she recommended.
Brandon was really popular in high school. Everyone loved him, and he was revered by lower classmen. One night, he was told to come to a party. Brandon decided to sneak out of his house. When he came back, he was caught by his parents and grounded.
Jane always had trouble sleeping. She tried over the counter medication. It just made her feel weird. Eventually she tried meditation techniques. They helped a bit.
Charles paid his rent and was now penniless. His credit card was also maxed out. The problem started when Charles got hungry. He left home, walking to the university and hoping he'd see a friend. On his way, he found ten dollars on the grass.
Amy could not wait to turn sixteen. Her parents had promised her a modest, but fun, Sweet 16 party. She got to invite 16 friends, and they all had cake and played games. Amy had a great time at the party. Afterward, she thanked her mom and dad for the lovely party.
Abby could not believe how high the temperatures were today. Abby checked the weather, and saw the temperature was 102 degrees. Abby decided she would go to the pool to cool off. However, when Abby got there, she saw that the pool was closed. Abby was not pleased that she could not cool off on a hot day.
Cory was looking for extra spending money during his student Year's. A friend recommended he apply for a job a the local pizza shop. Cory was apprehensive at first, but eventually tried it. He found that he loved making pizza. Cory felt great that he had some extra money from doing work he loved.
At 7 Year's old Eli didn't like cartoons. He would rather watch Law and Order. He liked murder not talking animals. So he would watch crime shows all day. Eli was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve.
Little Joe and his teddy bear, Tubby, were inseparable best friends. When Joe was eight Year's old, his family moved to the big city. In the moving process, Tubby was misplaced in one of the boxes. Eventually, Joe became a strong man, a father and a loving grandpa. When he was eighty Years old, Joe found Tubby in the attic.
John was a hard worker at his job. He spent at least 50 hours a week on his new business he started. However, his wife and children has begun to feel neglected. John saw how much they wanted to be with him. So John quit his old job to take care of his family more
Tim wanted to live a life of success and living well. He began studying successful people. He discovered many patterns. He applied these newly discovered patterns to his own life. Tim eventually became very successful by applying those principles.
John was talking on his phone. He heard a beeping sound. He checked the phone. The battery was close to empty. John quickly plugged in his phone.
Paul is going to visit France next year. He is learning French. But his classes are not going very well. He is afraid he is not going to be able to communicate with people. He decided to also hire a personal teacher.
Lucas told everyone that he would never eat a peanut. His family told him that one day he would need to try to eat one. Finally Lucas decided to eat a peanut. He spit it out because he hated the taste. Lucas decided that he would never try something new again.
Sara's toddler was playing on the floor. She had just bought him a wind-up toy. She wound it up and put it next to her son. As it moved, the boy freaked out. For some reason, the toy scared him.
Stephen worked at a supermarket. He restocked items. He hated his job, and wanted to quit. One day he overslept and was fired for missing half of his shift. Stephen was relieved to be free of the job.
Sara reached to turn on her bedside lamp. She was upset when no light came on. She got out of bed and took the bulb out of the lamp. She then replaced the bulb with a new one. She was then pleased to see the light come on.
Jim came back from the grocery store with many bags. He packed his fridge full of food. He and his roommate could barely finish it all. Jim had to throw a bunch of it away since it spoiled. From that point on he bought small loads of groceries.
Tom had been single for a while. His friends invited him to the bar. Tom decided to wear flashy clothes to get attention. Tom got attention, but it was negative. Girls thought he looked silly.
Steven learned at an early age the art of Tae Kwon Do. He was very good. He also decided to learn swordplay. He became more than proficient in that as well. Now, people call Steven the ninja.
Emily was going to jail, and she was excited. She had been trying for years. Finally she got what she wanted. She was so eager and happy. Today was her first day as a corrections officer!
Doug joined a bowling tournament for fun with friends. He soon realized he was the worst bowler on the team. He didn't want to hold the team back so he took private lessons. Between the tournament and the lessons Doug was bowling every day. Within a few weeks Doug became the nest on the team.
Rita was a meter maid for the city of Chicago. While walking along a busy street, she saw a number of cars. They all had expired meters. While writing a ticket, one man came out of the building infuriated. Unperturbed, Rita stuck the ticket directly on his forehead.
Annette worked at a restaurant. She went to college during the day. Annette studied hard. She didn't want to work at the diner all her life. When Annette graduated, she got a better job.
Joey loved animals. He desperately wanted one of his own. His parents forbade it until one day, when Joey looked so sad. Joey came home from school to find a beautiful, white puppy! The two of them were so happy together, then.
The bank employee investigated credit card fraud. She found that one card was used to buy five hundred gift cards. She contacted the card owner. The card owner hadn't made the purchases. The employee issued the card owner a different card to use.
Dawn was making dinner. She decided to make a pot pie. She rolled out the crust. Then she added the vegetables and broth. She topped it with some cheese and gobbled it up.
Jenny was tired from work. She needs to go to her second job in a couple hours. Jenna decided to take a thirty minute nap. However, Jenna overslept. She is late to her second job.
Lilian bought some fancy chocolate on her way from work. She was ready to taste it when she saw it was unsweetened. Disheartened, she threw the chocolate away. A vagrant man took it to taste it. He threw the chocolate away too after spitting it.
My two year old loves barn animals. My wife had made plans for us to go to a farm and play with animals. He had a great time chasing ducks and feeding cows. At the end of our trip he got to ride a tractor. He had the time of his life.
Dennis loved to watch the Green Bay Packers. He had never been to Lambeau Field. He decided to spend the money to buy tickets. It meant extra hours for Dennis at work. Dennis was very happy with his decision to splurge.
Jordan was playing outside. She decided to visit her friend down the road. Jordan returned to her house two hours later. Her mother was waiting for her in the driveway. Her mother was worried because she didn't know where Jordan was.
Robert was trying to help his friend with his car troubles. They diagnosed the issue and looked online for a fix! Unfortunately they couldn't find anything. Robert asked his neighbor for some help and he accepted. His neighbor was able to fix the car and solve his friend's issue.
A sexy girl gyrated against a large office building window. Her friend was filming her do it for Youtube. The girl pressed herself against the glass and wiggled. She was still giggling as the glass came loose. The girl plummeted seventy floors to her death.
My sister in law's husband died in November. She is trying to clean out the house. She saw some Time Life books about WW2. I told her I could sell the set for $150. She is trying to see if she has the entire set.
Cade loved legos. His aunt gave him a certain set of lego blocks for his birthday. One of his friends gave him the same set of blocks. Cade returned one of the sets. He got a different sets in return.
Rob was really hoping to work on a new important project. Rob asked his boss about the opportunity. His boss said he'd think about it. After a week, Rob's boss called him into his office. Rob got the new position!
Ben was watching the sky at night. He wanted to see how many constellations he could find. One night it was especially starry. Ben laid out with his map and binoculars. That night, he found eleven constellations!
Gage knocked out the internet with a cheap extender. His mom made him call the internet service provider. After an hour of talking on the phone they finally fixed it. Gage was not happy that he was told to get rid of the extender. However, his mom was the one who paid the bill so it was hers.
Maddie thought it was a perfect day to fly a kite. She went to the park with her kite. The wind was blowing stiffly as she let the string unspool. The kite caught the wind and went soaring high into sky. After a while, Maddie reeled her kite in and contentedly walked home.
Dana was CEO of his own company. He didn't fire people himself, the managers did the firing. But one morning he saw his employee buy a mixer and sell it outside. Dana waited for that employee in the sales office. He fired the employee for drawing a commission off the sales floor.
Fred had always wanted to have a stamp collection. He decides to start buying some stamps. Eventually he has many stamps. He puts them into a small folder. Fred is glad to have a collection of stamps.
Dave thought that kites were the coolest thing ever. He always went to the park and watched people fly their kites. He didn't have a kite of his own, so he had never flown one before. One day at the park, a man asked him if Dave wanted to use his. Dave got to fly a kite that day.
Mitch was in the middle of history class. The teacher droned on about dates, politicians, and governments. It was an awfully boring class. Mitch felt his eyes getting heavy. It wasn't long before Mitch got in trouble for snoring.
Joey's mom was having a baby girl. He begged his mom and dad to name her LuLu. It was his very favorite name but they didn't sound convinced. It was an exciting day when his mom went to the hospital to have her. And when they told him her name was LuLu he was even happier.
Richard was driving to work. He wanted to buy a cup of coffee. He pulled into a Starbucks. Richard got out of his car. He went into the Starbucks.
Frank Schulz was his name. Gambling was his game. He'd take the biggest risks known to man. Until one night he risked his life on a bike. And he ended up paying the ultimate price: his life.
We all went on the log ride at the amusement park. It was a warm day so we didn't mind getting wet. We got on and waited for it to go up the hill. As it went down the hill we all screamed. Then we got off all soaked with water from the awesome ride!
Jean had an important date tonight. She wanted to dress to impress. She went to the mall to look for a dress. She found a nice looking red dress on sale. She became more confident in herself with her new dress.
Nancy moved close to Christian. She asked him for his food. When he refused, she kicked sand in his face. She also took his lunch box. Christian spent minutes wiping the sand off of his face.
Dylan had never drag raced before. His friend told him it was a bad idea. He tried to anyway on Friday. He lost horribly and was humiliated. Now he listens to his friend more.
Mary worked two 8-hour shifts every day. She dreamed that her kids would have a better life. She saved almost all of her money. Mary invested that money in a college fund. Now, her kids can have opportunities she did not.
Beyonce performed for the VMAs. She had the most talked about performance of the night. She sang hit singles from her new album. Her performance was fiery and exciting. Beyonce has earned her title as 'queen'.
The kids were going to wrap a present. They had all the supplies except tape. They scrambled to find something that would work instead. They settled on stickers. The present looked very silly.
Tom loved making music on his spare time. He would upload it to youtube. One of his songs became popular and went viral. Tom get a good amount of publicity. He was encouraged to make even more.
Lloyd felt like he was stuck in a rut. He was in a desk job that had no prospects. Although Lloyd wanted to go back to university, he couldn't afford it. By age 30, Lloyd had saved enough money to do the degree he wanted. He was on his way to becoming a music engineer.
Kevin wants to start a new rap group. It would be called the radical rays. He tries to find some rappers on facebook to join him. They all ended up not being very good. He decides to be solo.
I had a medical appointment last week. While waiting, I started reading a book. An old lady started looking my book cover. Then she asked to test out my cane. I was very amused by her behavior and wished her well.
Josh went to go take his vitamin pills. When he opened the bottle, he realized there were none left. Josh decided he needed to get more vitamins. He went to the pharmacy and bought vitamins. Finally, Josh could take his vitamins!
I had the flu in 1965. My doctor gave me a shot of penicillin. I broke out into hives. He said I had developed an allergy. I now have a penicillin alert card.
David was shopping one day. He see's a sign for the powerball. He decides to buy a ticket. He goes home and goes to sleep. The next day he wakes up and checks his ticket and won!
Last year I went on a trip to Vienna. I had a lot of fun. The only problem was that I got majorly sick. I spent most of the trip in bed. I learned to take better care of myself next time.
I wondered how an old friend was doing the other day. I called the number I had for him but it was disconnected. I called 411 and got a new number for my friend. I dialed the number and his receptionist answered. Now I know for sure my old friend is doing just fine.
When I was little, I asked Santa for a bicycle. When I woke up on Christmas morning, it was there! I was sure Santa had come and left it. Now that I'm older, I know it was my mother. I am so grateful she did that for me.
Gina needed to do research about dolphins. She decided she would go to the library. Her teacher allowed her to go. But her friends Mary, and Tami wanted to go as well Gina was disappointed because she wanted to go alone.
Jason bet john that it would rainy the next day. John agreed to the bet. The next day came and it rained. John never paid Jason the money for the bet though. Jason and John are no longer friends.
Kendall was baking rolls to serve with dinner. She had mixed the first few ingredients when it was time for sugar. When she went to get the ingredient she found none. She hurried to ask her neighbor for a cup to borrow. Luckily her neighbor obliged and she was able to finish her rolls.
Kim is excited that Christmas is on its way. She decorates the house full of cheer. She baked Santa's cookies. Kim leaves the cookies near the chimney. Kim wakes up happy on Christmas Day.
I went to visit a famous relative when I was five. She carried me around everywhere. She called me her precious baby. Everything thought it was adorable. It was a fun day overall.
Brandon decided to go to the aquarium. He saw a wide variety of fish and sea creatures. His favorite part was petting a stingray. In addition, there was a display about keeping the oceans clean. Brandon learned a great deal that day.
Halley knew that her parents had a big surprise in store for her. Her 21st birthday was coming up and she couldn't wait to find out. On her birthday, her parents handed her a photo album as her gift. Halley was disappointed that it wasn't more. Halley opened the album to find it filled with hundred dollar bills.
Katie was raised as an all rounder by her parents. She was good at both academics and sports. She was confused about what she wanted to pursue after college. She tossed a coin and decided to go on to do a post graduate degree. She was very happy with her decision and is now a leading scientist.
Tom got a christmas gift from his grandmother. It was an ugly sweater. Tom could barely pretend to like it. He never wore it a single time. His grandmother was very hurt by it.
Cami wanted to sell a few things online, so she posted them. She got several responses that all seemed very similar. They needed the items shipped, and offered more money than was asked. It sounded too good to be true, so Cami did some research. She learned that these were all common scams, proud of her good sense.
Carina rode her horse up in the hills with her dog Beau at her side. They cantered up a winding road and saw a coyote. Beau ran after the coyote, ignoring Carina's screams to stop. Carina galloped after her dog as he chased the coyote. The coyote escaped into trees and Beau happily came back to Carina.
Wilma was sick of cooking dinner for her deadbeat husband. She decided to order a pizza. The pizza guy showed up at her door, and he was very attractive. Wilma seduced him and they went upstairs. They had sex while Wilma's husband slept on the sofa.
Tom wanted to speak to his friend. He called his friend. His friend answered the phone. They spoke for a while. Tom was happy they spoke.
My son's school friend moved from Boston to Austin. He went down there with no plan. He had a cyber job but lost it. Luckily he got a job in a used car business. My son was happy for him.
Jeff needed to consume more protein in his daily diet. He looked up foods that were high in protein. Many of the foods took too long to cook and Jeff was a busy guy. He did find out that eggs are a high protein food. He hard boiled a dozen and now eats them on the go.
I used to just save files and folders anywhere in my computer. I always figured that I would remember more-or-less where I put stuff. And if I didn't, I could always search. That was my train of thought until one time I lost a crucial email. It wasn't where I thought it was, and it wasn't named what I thought.
April was decorating her nursery. She had a new baby on the way. She used lots of pink and purple accents. When the baby was born, she couldn't wait to bring her home. She was so excited to see her new baby in the new bedroom!
We walked into the Mexican restaurant. At the entrance was a huge waterfall. I looked down and saw it was filled with pennies. I found a quarter in my pocket. I threw it in while making 25 wishes.
Nancy notices the same homeless man begging for money everyday. She feels sorry for him, but she does not have extra money to spare. However, one day she decides to give him a sandwich. He tells her that it is the nicest thing anyone has ever done. Nancy feels happy that she has helped the homeless man.
My new job requires me to be on my feet all day. After a couple weeks, I developed a pain in the heel of my left foot. So I decided to rest my feet for a few days. I've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly. The pain is still there but I think it is starting to diminish.
We drove up the big glass church. It was nestled in a wooded area. The walls and ceiling were all made of glass and wooden beams. It was beautiful and serene. We sat inside for a long time.
Carlos loved playing music. He had a band that performed around the area. They played rock and jazz. They were invited to play at a festival in town. They did a great job and got a lot of new fans.
Buffy signed up for a drawing class at the local community college. She had all her supplies with her as she headed to the first class. When she got there, she noticed a man standing on a platform. The teacher introduced the man as the model for the class. He stood up and dropped his robe, revealing he was naked!
The Whitehead family went to the zoo. They packed a picnic lunch to take with them. They parked a long way away so it didn't cost anything extra. In the zoo the kids were mesmerized by it all. Their favorite part was the penguin exhibit.
Josh wanted a hoverboard for Christmas. Come Christmas morning, he found one under the tree. He was so happy, he sat on it and turned around. Until his finger got caught and he started screaming. Josh ended up in surgery but didn't lose his finger.
Amy went to get frozen yogurt on her break. She was sad they didn't have her favorite flavor. She decided to try something new instead. To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings. Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash.
Tom was feeling a bit down during the day. He decided to have an energy drink. Tom drank it fast. It hit him really strongly. He was jumping around for hours.
Kelly went to the pet store just to get cat food. She looked at some of the lizards just to browse. However, she was captivated by a certain one. She thought it was very cute and bought it right then and there. Afterwards, though, she came to regret impulse-buying a living being.
Herb went to the office cookie exchange. Herb ate what he thought was an oatmeal cookie. It turned out to be a peanut butter cookie. Herb was very, very allergic to peanuts. Herb left the office cookie exchange in an ambulance.
I just took my sleeping pill and decided to do a couple of turk hits. I worked on about four of them and then started feeling out of it. The sleeping pill is taking effect and it makes it hard to type. My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder. So this story will end with me going to bed.  Gooodnight
In my neighborhood there is a lot of children usually playing. Their parents obviously wasn't watching them. The kids were playing baseball in the middle of the street. Sure enough a baseball went through my window. End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window.
I had lunch with my two of my high school buddies in February. We graduated in 1971. One of my friends told me his wife had just left him. They were married for 18 years, and he was devastated. The tone of the lunch was sad.
Heather is at work and she is hungry. She decided that she has a craving and wants Chinese food. Because she is at work she needs to wait until her shift ends. She leaves work right around dinner time and drives to the restaurant. She walks in, sits down, and finally orders her Chinese food to eat.
Becky and her brother Tim were picking out pumpkins. They were going to carve Jack-O-Lanterns. Becky tried to tell Tim which pumpkin to pick. Tim didn't agree and they started fighting over a large pumpkin. Their parents soon stepped in and decided the big one was theirs.
Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid. She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy. She went over and introduced herself and they started to talk. They became great friends and talked a long time. When the storm passed, they decided to go eat together.
Amy wanted to start taking a lunch to school. She begged and begged her mother to buy her a lunch box. Her mother took her to pick out the one she wanted. Amy picked out a pink My Little Pony lunch box. The next day all her friends were jealous of her new lunch box.
Dan was detailing his car. He was halfway through when he realized he'd forgotten something. He hadn't bought any wax! Dan asked his wife to pick up some on her way home. He was able to finish detailing his car then.
Stan sent out a romantic text to his girlfriend. He received a response from several friends. He had accidentally sent a mass text. Several people read his private thoughts. Stan was embarrassed.
Jeff was very stubborn. He wouldn't drink his milk. One day he felt very weak. He knew milk would energize him. Jeff ended up drinking his milk.
Leo really wanted a haircut. But he just didn't have the extra cash to get one. Then his friend offered to cut Leo's hair for free. Leo decided to accept the offer. Soon he had a stylish, free haircut that he loved!
There was a water main break in Maria's hometown. The city put out a Boil Water advisory. For four days, everybody had to boil all their water. It was annoying and time-consuming. Maria was glad when the city said the water was safe again!
Allie lost her tooth. She put it under her pillow. When she woke up she saw something. There was money. The tooth fairy came.
Dan could hear his brother counting down from twenty. They were playing a game of hide and go seek. Dan rushed to the upstairs bathroom and opened a cupboard. He crawled inside and curled up. It was the ultimate hiding place.
The family was on a boat. They were going on a dolphin cruise. As soon as they took off, they saw several of them! The dolphins chased them and jumped out of the water. They took lots of pictures of the animals.
Rebecca was driving along. The road was a side road and hardly traveled. Rebecca saw a slow turtle crossing. Rebecca stopped her car. Rebecca moved the turtle to the other side of the road.
Angel was fed up with being overweight. He was tired all of the time. Angel started working out and eating better. He started feeling better every day. He is able to have a lot more energy now.
Meghan and Mikey were climbing trees. A branch broke and Meghan fell out of the tree! Mikey helped her get home to her parents. Her parents rushed her to the doctor and found out her leg was broken. Meghan got a cast on her leg and felt better!
Denny was on a business trip. He hadn't heard from his wife in a day. Denny decided to call his neighbors to check on his wife. His neighbors told him that his wife was okay, but was in an accident. Denny went home right away to see about his wife.
Cassie's car stopped working. She went to the shop to get it fixed. They told her it could not be fixed. Cassie was very happy. She used it as an excuse to buy a new car.
Brad wanted to be on the school's wrestling team. He asked the coach what he needed to do. The coach told Brad to gain about ten pounds of muscle then come back. Brad spent the next three month eating protein and lifting weights. He gained ten pounds of muscle, tried out and made the team.
Georgia's house had been quite a pigsty for weeks. She decided to make a whole day of deep cleaning the mess. Throughout the day, she cleaned every room until things were spotless. The only issue was one carpet stain that wouldn't come out. With some expensive products and hard scrubbing, she got it out.
Kim and her family always used to go to special theme park. But as she got older, they stopped going. Kim decided to visit the park to remember old times. And she walked around the theme park alone from morning to night. Kim felt bittersweet about visiting the theme park.
Dan was playing poker with his friends. They were loud and making too much noise. Dan and his friends left a mess in the kitchen. Dan's wife was upset at the noise and mess. She didn't let them have poker at their house for months.
Walt was busy digging graves at the church graveyard. He had to finish before the funeral tomorrow. When he was 5 feet underground he hit a rock. Walt examined the rock more closely and it was a gold nugget. He put the gold in his pocket and quickly finished.
Schmidt and Nice were planning a party. Schmidt didn't think Nick could do it. He put him in charge of bathroom rentals. He screwed up the rentals. There were not any bathrooms for guests.
Christian came home with a note from school. He gave it to his mother. She read it, discovering he had a couple of overdue library books. She told christian to find his books and return them. Christian found his books and returned them to the library.
Terry was an artist. He wanted to make a unique work of art. He decided to learn about paper mache. He studied it. He created paper mache works of art.
Kate loved her new jeans. They were destructed in the right places. She decided to wear them to school. However, when she got to school, she was given detention. Kate forgot that they were against the dress code.
Roth Bergensteinengold had a secret. While he had a tremendous amount of money. He actually lived like a miser. The tabloids found out one day that he rented all of his cars. And thus his reputation lie in ruins.
My daughter was terrible at math. As her teacher, I despaired she would ever learn to multiply. We took a year and did a computer math game to help. She loved the game and played it many times each week. At the end of the year, she knew how to multiply very well!
Mel went to the ice cream shop. She looked at the menu. She could not decide what kind of sundae she wanted! Then she made up her mind. She ordered a big chocolate shake!
Dan loses his Job. After losing his job his wife leaves. After his wife leaves he loses the house. After his house he loses his car. Dan loses everything dear to him.
I've always wanted to ride on a river boat. The kind with the big water wheel that went on the Mississippi river. I saw one once in an old movie. I guess the water wheel doesn't change much but I bet it's more quiet. I'm saving my money to ride one if I ever get the chance.
Since leaving the army, Jeff lived in his grandma's basement. One day a loud noise woke him from a deep sleep. He went upstairs to investigate and found an intruder. They struggled and Jeff hit him and the would be burglar went down. Jeff never happier to be home and be able to keep his family safe.
Mona was cleaning her house. She was passing the vacuum cleaner in her daughter's room. The machine rolled over a small toy. The vacuum cleaner made a loud noise. The toy broke the vacuum cleaner.
Sue had a really bad fever. She was too sick to get out of bed. She had to call in work sick. She spent the entire day watching movies. She felt better the next day.
The Ravens were tied with the Lions with one second left in the game. The Ravens had possession and needed a field goal to win. Justin Tucker told Coach Harbaugh to let him kick from 61 yards. Tears fell down the Lions' faces as the ball flew above the uprights. Justin's kick won the game and broke a record for longest indoor kick.
The house next to Gina's looked empty. She lived in her house for a year before she saw anyone there. The older lady and her dog rarely left the house. She kept most of the curtains pulled shut. Gina could only imagine how dark that house must have been.
Steve needed a maid to clean his house and take care of his kids. He interviewed many applicants and decided to hire Emily. Emily was a marvelous maid and was even better with the children. Over time Steve and Emily grew to love one another. After time Emily officially joined the family after marrying Steve.
Joe wanted to make a sandwich. He looked in the cupboard for ingredients. He was out of bread. There were some graham crackers so he used those instead. Joe found the sandwich very satisfying.
Bob received a text with a weather alert. There was a high wind warning. Bob had time to get supplies. Bob prepared his home and yard. His home suffered only minimal damage when the storm hit.
I cooked spaghetti for the first time today. I decided to put a few ingredients in since I'm still a novice. My family got together around the table to eat. They mostly gave good comments about the food. My mom also recommended ways of improving the dish.
Tom was out drinking. He tried to drive home. He pulled over and decided he was too drunk. Tom walked home somehow. The next day he forgot where he left the car.
Abby only did an extensive grocery shopping once per month. Abby made sure she had her list, and her reusable bags for the trip. As Abby got to the store, she realized she forgot her coupons. In addition, Abby forgot her bag with her wallet at the house as well. Abby was mad that she had to turn around and get the forgotten items.
I was at a fancy dinner with some co-workers. All of a sudden I felt the urge to sneeze. I tried to muffle it a bit since we were at dinner. Instead it made me pass gas. Everyone was mortified.
Jasmine went shopping. SHe found an amazing new dress. It was long and colorful. She wore it to dinner that night and felt very beautiful. Jasmine got a lot of compliments on the dress.
Jim wanted to binge watch his favorite show. He ordered the DVD set but couldn't wait for it to arrive. His friend Bill also loved the show. He called Bill but Bill didn't have it on DVD either. They saw it was on Netflix and binge watched it together.
Dan had always wanted to participate in a marathon. However he was scared that it would be very difficult. He decided to practice until he felt stronger. Finally he was prepared to participate in a marathon. Dan was glad that he was finally going to run a marathon.
Aunt Maude shouted at us that September wouldn't work. Ever since the war, she'd avoided the month as best as she could. She'd do her best to ignore it, until October could roll around. We acquiesced to her wishes. We planned our wedding for the first of October.
Jimmy was the wide receiver for his team. They were losing by 3 points in the 4th quarter. He ran to the end zone with 30 seconds left. He reached in the air and catch the ball. He had won the game for his team.
Sandy recently had to make a change with her cleaning company. The change would cause her to get a new cleaning lady. Sandy was not happy to have to trust a new cleaning lady. Sandy called the company and asked if she could have the regular lady. Sandy was pleased when they obliged her request.
Lucia was proud to have cooked her first curry dish. She sat down at the table ready to savor a great meal. When she put the first bite in her mouth, her whole face redden. She had to spit the food into a napkin. She threw the meal in the trash sad to have put too much spices in it.
Bobby Sue insulted Gordy's beard. Gordy took it personally. He decided to shave his beard off. Bobby Sue later told him she was just kidding. Gordy thought that was a terrible excuse for being a jerk.
I loved the tutu I wore during the race. I loved it so much I decided to wear it all day. I even wore it when I went to the grocery store. People smiled as I sashayed down the aisles. Everyone said it was adorable.
Daniel loved the outdoors. He was on a hike up to Yosemite national park. He heard a noise coming from the bushes. He went to take a closer look. It was a cute little Lizard!
Raven wanted to get her test back. She was quite nervous. She assumed she would fail. Thankfully when she got it back she was happy. She got an A.
Rick was preparing food for his family. But he didn't bother to use soap when he washed his hands. And he figured rinsing them would be enough. But after dinner, his family began to complain about feeling bad. And the next day, everyone was sick.
Jaime had to run twenty miles a day. He was training for long distance running. His dog would always tag along for the run. Without warning a pickup truck swiveled onto the sidewalk. The dog was able to pull Jamie out of harm's way.
Allie went to the movies. She didn't know what kind of candy to get. So she got red vines. She never had them before. But she ended up loving them.
Linda decided to take a job as a bartender. She really needed the money and felt she could handle it. Her first day at the job was very grueling. She had worked so hard that she went home sore. She realized she wasn't cut out for it and quit the next day.
Billy wanted to buy a skateboard. He had never done it before, but was excited to try. He went to the local skate shop and bought one. He began riding it everyday. Billy got pretty good after a while and loved to skateboard.
Kate was visiting her mom's house. She slept on the couch. But it was too low and soft. The next night she slept on the loveseat. But her feet had to sit high up on the arm all night.
The pharmacy at my store gives free vaccinations to insured employees. I signed up for four different inoculations. I received two shots in my left arm on one day. I had the other two shots in the right arm on the next day. Both of my arms were sore for a week.
One day, Billy saw a magician at a birthday party. Billy was enamored by the magic tricks that the magician performed. Billy was shocked when on his birthday his dad gave him a magic set. He quickly taught himself all the tricks and showed his friends. Billy eventually found the magician and blew him away with his skills.
Lisa was making some chicken. She decided to have her little son help her. Her son was adding the spices. To her dismay he added too much. The chicken was too slice
Alfred hated how hot the beach sand was. He found wearing sandals in the sand equally unpleasant. He was determined to invent a solution. Alfred devised a heat-resistant lotion for his feet. He tried to gather capital to bring it to market but failed.
I bought two ink cartridges for our printer. I went to replace them. The instructions said to push buttons on a control panel. The screen was tiny, as were the buttons. I was able to replace the cartridges but it was not easy.
The man asked his wife a question. The wife wouldn't answer. The man suspected something was up. The man spied on the wife. The man found out the reason his wife would not answer.
Kay loved everything s'more flavored. One day at the bakery she spotted a s'more cupcake. She was excited to try the cupcake so she ate one in the car. The cupcake had graham cracker crust and homemade marshmallow. It was the best s'more flavored treat Kay had ever tried.
Joe woke up to a phone call. It was a telemarketer. The telemarketer asked Joe if he wanted to book a vacation to Jamaica. Joe told the telemarketer that he wasn't interested. Afterwards, Joe hung up the phone.
Sarah put her phone in her jacket. She bent over to pick something up. The phone fell. It hit the ground. The phone case saved the phone.
Ethan stopped to buy a musical box after work. He gave it to his wife over supper. His wife cranked the box only to scream when a skeleton popped out. Ethan laughed. And he told her he bought the box in a Halloween store.
Jeff drives up the mountain to enjoy the scenery. Jeff parks his truck and gets out. Jeff didn't set the emergency brake. Before he knew it his truck rolls off the mountain. Jeff's truck is totaled.
Dave was a talented, hard worker. However, he was always dissatisfied with his jobs. One day, Dave decided to take a great risk. He quit his job! Dave used his talents to start his own successful business.
Diana asked if I wanted to hang out with her for Halloween. I told her that I was busy and decided to go to the soup kitchen. The place was packed with several people. When I served one particular kid, he got on his knees and thanked me. I also gave him a large hug before he left.
Tom hated roller coasters. He had always been afraid of them. His friends convinced him to get on one, though. Tom had a surprising amount of fun. He decided to try going on more in the future.
It was Jane's turn to perform on the talent show. She tried to do a cartwheel and ended up slipping. On her seconds attempt, she landed on her stomach. The audience started to complain about the performance. They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage.
Jackson was in class listening to his teacher's lesson. Their new assignment was a report on their favorite animal. Jackson immediately knew he wanted to cover tigers. He spent all weekend researching tigers and even visited the zoo. His paper got a fantastic grade and entertained all of his classmates.
Sean rode a bike to work. He always parked the bike out back near the trash. One night, he came out to find his bike gone. They watched the security tapes. Sean saw that his bike had been stolen by a masked man.
Mark stood backstage, his pulse racing. He barely heard the announcer as he was introduced. The crowd chanted the name of the band he was now a part of. Slowly he walked to his place on stage and began to play. By the end of the show, he had completely overcome his nervousness.
Tom got a new dog. It was not housebroken. Tom often found his apartment messed up. He tried hard to train him to no avail. Tom wound up getting rid of it.
John was ready for the tryouts to join his high school teams. He wanted to be a infielder. He worked out with the other kids. After the tryouts John had to wait two days to see if he made it. He checked and saw he made it.
Susan needed extra cash. She applied to work as a babysitter. Her neighbor hired Susan to watch her toddlers. But after two hours, Susan was frazzled! She decided babysitting was not for her.
Tom had a very terminal illness. He spent long nights thinking of what death would be like. When he would look up at the sky he would always wish to be healed. When he went to the doctor after one such wish he was cured. Tom thanked God for his recovery.
Rey loved throwing shopkins at her uncle. Someone noticed they looked like food. There was some that looked like lettuce. Others looked like meat. So someone started calling it a "food fight".
Jill did not like to eat salad. But she needed to eat better so she tried to start. She went through five different dressings before she found the one. It took months, but now she eats salad regularly. Her cholesterol is way down as a result.
Willie was a great baker. He made cakes, and pastries, and danishes better than anyone. One day he decided he needed a bakery but didn't know how to make one. Learning about it, he found it wasn't that different from baking. And now, there's a cute little bakery in the shape of a cake.
Tom watched a lot of news. It made him sad and angry. He started having issues because of it. His therapist recommended watching less news. Tom obliged and felt happier.
On the way to work, my car died I called in to let them know, and no one answered. It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there. I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes, and nothing. When I got into work, they gave me trouble.
Eric won a lot of money playing blackjack. He decides that he's on a winning streak and keeps betting. He wins 3 more times, and then enters a losing streak. Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back. Eric ends up betting more than he won, and goes home frustrated.
I was at an outdoor mall. And there was a food truck I wanted to get food from. But instead, I got a salmon poke bowl somewhere else. But it was completely bland and forgettable. When I went back to the food truck, they were out of what I wanted.
Maggie was an older lady. She could still drive. Maggie was so confident that she began speeding. Maggie is pulled over by policeman for speeding. Maggie is okay with the ticket to prove she is still young and hip.
Martha needed a job. She was interviewed at a fast food place. She was hired and began work immediately. Martha's work was demanding and paid very little. However she was thankful to have a job.
Jose was a dishonest man who liked to cheat. He played poker every night and had cards hidden in his sleeve. As he never played with the same people no one noticed it. But the local waitress was aware of his tricks. She told the owner and Jose was kicked out for good.
Alice went to New york on vacation. She bought a ticket to the tallest building in the city She stood in line for a long time to get on the elevator. She rode the lift to the top When the door opened she could see for miles.
They started working on a conversion process. They needed to upgrade systems. They met with all of the vendors. Then decided on the best one. They then made the best decision for the company.
Our middle school had a prize trophy in the school office. This was given to the class with the highest test scores. My friend Scott and I stole the trophy, leaving a note in its place. The note said it would be returned for a ransom of 100 free lunches. The principal found it in my locker, ending my career in kidnapping.
Peter had a cat named Missy. He loved to play with her during the day. One day, Peter left the door to the house open and Missy ran away. Peter was worried sick and looked for her outside. He found her lounging on the neighbor's porch.
We bought a toy kitchen set for our granddaughter in 2015. She was one, and did not play with it. She came to visit in 2016. She played with it right away. We were pleased.
I was on a date with a high school friend. Everything went well since we were on a good connection. My phone rang during dinner. It was a call from my ex-girlfriend. She thought the call was suspicious and asked to go home.
Rebecca went out of town for the weekend. She forgot to pay her rent before she left town. Rebecca called her landlord to explain the situation. He told her that there would be a late fee if her rent was late. She had to send a rent check by overnight courier to avoid a late fee.
Susie had a public speaking class. She was rather nervous. She went up there. She ended up throwing up. Susie was horrified.
Tom hated his job. He decided to quit. Before he could the company went under. Tom was let go. He was given a severance package.
A man sat in the corner of a dark room. He slowed pulled on a cigarette watching everyone. Suddenly he stood up, yelled, and pointed. Three men grabbed another who had just walked in. The man went back to smoking his cigarette.
Tom lived in the desert. It had been particularly dry as of late. A big drought hit his area. Several businesses had to close down because of it. Tom eventually had to move elsewhere.
Sam worked at an office. He had been slacking off as of late. A lot of paperwork started to pile up. Sam wasn't able to catch up. They had to fire him soon after.
Hephaestus liked to collect old books. He would browse for ages in used book stores. He particularly liked ratty-looking copies of classics. Hephaestus felt that the stores were hugely undervaluing those. He ultimately ran out of room on his bookshelves.
Ryan was heading to Las Vegas for a weekend. Once he got there he went straight to a casino. Ryan didn't leave the casino except to eat and sleep. Ryan ended up blowing all of his money gambling. On the way back home, Ryan swore he was never going back.
Shaylee played softball for thirteen Year's. One day at practice she hurt her shoulder badly. The doctor told her she may never play softball again. She trained hard and had lots of therapy to help her heal. Now she is playing softball again because of her hard work!
Sarah always wanted a cat. She asked her parents for a cat. They told her they'd think about it. The decided to surprise her and got her a cat. She came home from school and happily found the cat.
Nell found a baby bird that had fallen from its nest. She brought the bird to her brother, who knew about animals. The brother asked Nell to dig for worms to feed the baby bird. Nell dug and brought a worm to feed the bird. The brother stopped Nell before she gave the bird a cutworm.
At the local bank they had an elevator. One day the power went out. The bank was on the third floor. So everyone had to go up the stairs. It made it a good workout for all the customers.
A girl scout was walking in my neighborhood. A group of guys walked towards her. They threatened her to give them all of her cookies. She immediately ran away. They were chasing her.
Mara was sent to Louisiana by The Humane Society due to flooding. Her job was to search flooded neighborhoods for stranded pets. Traveling by boat through debris-strewn water, Mara heard faint cries. Two soaked and exhausted dogs were clinging to a shattered rooftop. Mara and her team performed a precarious rescue, saving both dogs.
Amy decided to try eyebrow waxing. She thought it would be less pain than plucking them. At the salon the woman waxed her first eyebrow. It was more pain than Amy expected. Amy was happy she tried it since it was quicker than plucking.
Jessica's daughter Tallulah was playing in the living room. Her mother was in the kitchen next to her washing dishes. Talulah decided to try to start walking. Jessica turned around to finish loading the dishwasher. Talulah was walking into the kitchen!
Amy was awakened by her mother. Her friend Beth was on the phone for her. Amy hadn't realized she had fallen asleep. She was upset her mother hadn't woken her up sooner. She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door.
Steven was sent to the principal's office again. He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again. He did make a lot of good points with his argument though. His guidance counselor recommended he join the debate team. Steven's arguing skills helped the team win a championship that year.
I colored my hair yesterday. I wanted to find something different. I picked a dark red color. It came out very dark. I think I really like it, though.
Tina had just turned 18. She decided she was going to register to vote. She was very excited. She went down to the station. She became a registered democrat.
Alan was riding the subway home from work. He got engrossed in his newspaper. He didn't even notice when the subway passed his stop! By the time he realized, it was too late. Alan had to walk back four blocks.
Dave was craving some KFC. He went to the store. They ran out of what he wanted. He drove out for 10 more miles to another KFC. He finally got what he wanted.
Tim didn't like going to the dentist. He always tried to get out of it. His parents knew he had an appointment coming up. They tricked him into going by telling him they were going elsewhere. Tim never trusted his parents the same way again.
Margaret was playing outside. She saw a cute little frog. Her mother told her not to touch it. Margaret touched it anyway. She ended up getting a weird rash on her hand.
I used to have two pet ducks. They were very cute. One day, my neighbor's dog got into our yard. He ate one of our ducks. We let the other duck live at the park for his own safety.
Tom moved in with his girlfriend. She had two cats. Tom kept accidentally startling one of them. They never got along after that. Luckily the other cat liked him plenty.
On June 21, our building had to shut off water for repairs. There are 250 units in the building, and people were upset. The management opened up the clubroom and offered free lunch. They had sandwiches, chips, soda, and cookies. The party quieted the complaints until service was restored later.
Sal had hired a new secretary for his law firm. Sal began to get complaints about the secretary. They said she was rude and didn't return calls. Sal decided to get rid of the secretary. He was more careful selecting a new one.
A man wanted to earn some extra money so he collected cans. He went to his neighbor's recycling can and took all his cans. The man did this for everyone on the block. He had so many cans he didn't know where to put them all. He had to store most of them all in his shed.
The father brought a puppy home for his son before he woke. When the boy woke up and saw the dog, he started crying. He picked the dog up and thanked his father profusely. He didn't let the dog go for the rest of the day. At age 10, the boy had wanted a dog for over half of his life.
Todd had been dismissed from work early. He planned on surprising his girlfriend at home with flowers. When he arrived he saw a man's pair of shoes at the door. He investigated and found his girlfriend and the man in bed. He left the house immediately and refused to speak to her again.
Dan was sleeping on a full size bed. However, when Dan's girlfriend moved in he needed a larger bed. Dan and his girlfriend went to the store to purchase a larger bed. At the store, they choose a king sized pillow top bed. Dan and his girlfriend were glad they were getting a larger bed.
Kate was getting dressed for a party. She decided to wear her favorite bracelets. She put them both on her right wrist. As she wore them, it was getting uncomfortable. Kate took one of the bracelets and put it on her other wrist.
Roy was the fastest runner on the team. His team made it to the state finals. Roy decided to get extra practice to prepare for the state finals. He ran an extra hour everyday. Thanks to his practice Roy got 1st place in the state finals.
Today was AJ's birthday. After cutting cake, his daughter said she had to take him to his gift. Curious, he got in her car. He smiled from ear to ear when he saw. She had surprised him with a MLB game!
The trip home from the cabin was taking a long time for the Johnsons. Everyone was getting hungry and cranky. Suddenly, they spotted some ripe strawberries growing on the roadside. They stopped the car and had a tasty, sweet snack. Everyone was happy now and ready for more riding!
Late at night, May snuck out of her house. She rode her bike to the water tower. Then she began to climb the side. She ascended to the very top of the water. Her town was beautiful in the moonlight!
Emma had just learned that she'd failed math. She hurried home, hoping her parents hadn't been told. But they were sitting at the table waiting for her. They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything. Emma was grounded until her grades improved!
Jake was looking forward to a movie for months. He was excited by all the previews. He got early screening tickets. The movie was not what Jake expected at all. He was let down and disappointed.
Jeff has band practice every Wednesday night. During band practice he and his band mates drink beer. Sometimes he drinkings to much beer and gets drunk. When he gets drunk he is unable to drive his truck home. His wife Connie gets very upset with him when this happens.
The Korean pop singer was dismayed she couldn't twerk. She had joined a popular ensemble of fellow stars. They were set to put out a video in only a month! She practiced, practiced, and practiced some more. She twerked with the best of them when the video was shot.
Today, I decided to put up a Christmas tree. I went to Walmart and picked the best one for the best price. I managed to stuff it into my car and unpack it all by myself. I put up the tree and cut the strings holding the limbs. The entire tree fell over promptly and made a huge mess and I cried.
Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends. While packing her toiletries, she receives a phone call. She answers the phone call and finishes packing up. That night at the camp, Jenny realizes she forgot her toothbrush. She vows to always double check against her list next time.
Mary and her family were flying home from vacation in a small plane. It was dark out when the plane flew directly into thunder and wind. The passengers had to hold on tight through the rough movements. Mary thought for sure that the plane was going to crash. When the plane landed safely everyone clapped and cheered happily.
Last week we visited our two year old granddaughter in New York. We went to the Hall of Science in Queens. Our granddaughter had a lot of fun chasing the bubbles in one room. She also loved the Connected Worlds Hall. We bought her a gift at the shop, thus making her happy as we left.
Mark told his son Eric that Coke and Mentos will explode when mixed. Eric bought a huge amount of Coke and Mentos to test this hypothesis. He decided to mix them in his dad's bedroom. The ensuing explosion caused the house to shake! Mark had to hire a cleaning service to get clean up the mess.
Sue was great at doing hair. She styled her friend's hair on a regular basis. Sue decided to go get her cosmetology license. She graduated and quickly opened up her own salon. Sue now owns the biggest salon in her state.
During lunch break, Diana rushed into her car and drove off from work. When she arrived at her son's preschool, she got out of the car. She went into the cafeteria. Since the after-care kids were in the cafeteria, Diana's son was there. He ran to her to give her a hug without any hesitation.
Lucy and Lisa had been playing with house paint. Lisa left and went back home. Now Lucy had to keep her grandma from seeing the paint. Lucy crept in the house while her grandma watched TV. She changed her shirt and joined her glad to have gotten away with it.
I adopted a black cat last month. I was able to adopt her through a local shelter. I brought her home, and introduced her to my other cat. At first they were cautious of each other, but ended up being friends. I am so glad that I adopted her because she makes me happy.
Stephen wanted to lose weight. He made plans to exercise more. He began the next day doing some running. He saw a decrease in his weight. He felt really good about that.
The brothers wrestled in the front yard. One brother screamed for the other to stop. The other brother got up quickly. The screaming brother had a dislocated shoulder. His brother helped him put it back in.
Max was on his school bus. He was starting to notice a weird smell. Other kids on the bus started noticing it as well. Soon everyone was trying to figure out the source of the smell. Then they discovered some old food left under a seat.
Steve arrives at the job interview site. He greets the receptionist then meets the interviewer. Steve informs the interviewer about his qualifications. The interviewer is extremely impressed. Steve is hired on the spot for the brand new job.
Alan had to write a paper for class. He went to the library to do research. Alan checked out a few books. He read through the books and wrote his paper. Alan turned in his paper to be graded.
Nina brushed her beautiful brown hair. She took great pride in maintaining it. She looked at herself in the mirror as she combed. Nina noticed some strands had been caught and pulled out. She forced herself to be more gentle.
Lucy envisioned the perfect wedding since she was six. So she was excited when Jason proposed. She booked the garden at an expensive hotel in the country. The weatherman predicted rain but Susan wasn't paying attention. It rained on her beautiful garden wedding.
Tom was a food lover. He tried all sorts of food. His favorite sauce was pesto. He went out to eat one night with friends. He convinced everyone to try the pesto and they loved it.
Chuck was known as the family bum. Portia thought Chuck wouldn't see her graduation or give her a gift. But, on graduation day, Chuck drove to Portia's ceremony. He gave Portia an envelope with three hundred dollars in it. Next, Chuck reminded Portia the he graduated college too.
Abby wanted to have Pistachio Ice Cream after dinner. Abby headed down to her local ice cream shop for her treat. As Abby was looking for her ice cream, she saw no pistachio. Abby had to settle for Vanilla Ice Cream instead. Abby was not happy about the Ice Cream Shop not having her favorite.
We went to a conference for work. We had to stay at a cheap hotel because the nicer ones were booked. When we arrived we noticed a bunch of commotion. We weren't really sure what was going on so we asked someone. We found out someone had just been killed there and then we left.
Suzy has been begging her dad to go to the circus. Her dad always told her he didn't have the money. Eventually one day Suzy got a surprise. Her dad took her to the circus. She enjoyed every minute and will never forget it.
When I was at cub scout camp we all ate in the same huge tent. One day I saw a group of other cub scouts that my group did not like. I picked up a handful of corn and threw it at them. Soon there was food flying everywhere in that tent. It was a lot of fun until the camp leaders came in.
Gina had been waiting to see the principal. She thought she was ready to get it over with. Then the door to the office opened. And her heart began to race. She stood nervously waiting to hear her name called.
Jeff fell in love with his girlfriend. He even moved from Chicago to New York City for her. He realized quickly how much more expensive New York is than Chicago. Jeff was forced to get a second job to afford living there. He was surprised at the things he'll do for true love.
Penn bought herself a pair of rollerblades. She was eager to learn how to skate. She strapped the skates on. Then she hesitantly began skating slowly. Soon she could rollerblade quickly and skillfully!
I couldn't whistle. I wanted to learn. I kept trying. Eventually, I learned how to whistle. Alas, my whistle sounded terrible.
Hank was looking for a new religion. He stumbled upon a Cuban man. The man told him to look up Santeria. Hank was very interested and took up his suggestion. Hank ended up joining this new religion.
June had to go to work but she couldn't find her keys. She looked everywhere and still could not find them! Finally she gave up and called a cab. The cab came and took her to work, but then she looked in her purse. Her keys were in her purse the whole time!
Ruth was looking for something exciting in life. She had been learning more about mountain climbing recently. She decided that she wanted to climb a major mountain. She trained all year. At the end of the year, she climbed Mt Everest.
Olaf was terrified. It was his first visit to the dentist. He expected the dentist to be mean and hurt him. But Olaf got a nice surprise. The dentist was kind and didn't hurt him at all!
Desiree was at the pool. She put all of her things in a locker. Then, she put her wedding ring in the locker. When she came back from swimming, she saw that her ring was gone. Soon, she realized that someone had stolen it.
Tom loved music. He would always listen to music. One day he went for a walk with his boom box. His neighbors looked at him. He smiled as he enjoyed the music.
I was ready for my first date with someone. I had my truck cleaned out nicely. It looked better than it ever had. It was a week before we were supposed to go out. Then I got a flat tire.
Tina drove back to college after winter break. About 60 miles from school, she ran into heavy snow. Tina was nervous as darkness was falling as well. She gripped the wheel tightly and drove carefully. She was relieved when she pulled up to her dormitory.
Jim played sports in his lucky jeans. They were lucky because Jim always won in them. He wore them for the big game. Jim scored the highest out of everyone! It was all because of his lucky jeans!
The local ice cream store was having a contest. Whoever guessed closest to the number of jelly beans in a jar won it. They also won a free year's worth of ice cream. Johnny really wanted to win badly so he thought carefully. He finally submitted a guess of 1,435 and won, just 120 off the count!
Josephine was ready to go to a party. She noticed that her new dog had her favorite boot in its mouth. Angry, she punished her dog. The dog cried so much, it touched her heart She decided to stay home to play with her dog all night.
Jill's birthday was coming up. Her friend Tanya decided she was going to throw her a surprise dinner. Tanya planned for their friends to show up at her favorite restaurant. When Jill showed up with Tanya, no one was there. It turned out they were at the other branch a town over.
I liked watching foreign movies. In 2006 Volver was released. I wanted to see the movie but my wife did not. I took a half day off from work and saw it. It was very amusing.
Ed wanted to impress a girl at school. He practiced hip hop dancing every day for two months. After two months he danced for her in the hall. Ed got very hot and sweaty because of the dance. In the end she was very impressed with his hard work.
Ted opened the door to the ice cream parlor. He knew what he product he wanted until he saw it. The new flavor sparkled enticingly in the case. Ted was drawn to it, floating effortlessly to the display case. He requested a taste test before buying the new ice cream flavor.
Winston, a dog, was free to wander the neighborhood. One day he came home with a new toy. His owner didn't know where it came from. later that day, Winston's owner got a call. Winston had run into a neighbor's house and stolen the toy.
Jennifer was constantly feeling sick and didn't know why. Her friend told her to try a detox. Jennifer found a detox diet online and started. She detoxed and purged her system for two weeks. Afterwards Jennifer felt much better.
My boyfriend and I decided to go see a new movie. We went to the theater and purchased the tickets. We really wanted to see a specific movie. We entered the theater and found it was the wrong movie playing. We went back to the entrance and was able to see the correct movie.
Rye was starving at school one day! She dug through her purse for change. Then she went down to the cafeteria. She bought candy bars and chips from the vending machines. Rye snacked and snacked until she was sated!
Kelly bought a scratch lottery ticket on a whim. She did not expect to win. But when she scratched it, her eyes widened. The ticket was a $1000 winner! Kelly was glad she had heeded her whim!
I challenged my family into to a basketball video game. All of us choose our teams before starting the game. My team was losing by several points, but we caught up. We ended up winning in the end. My family on the opposite team gave us a handshake.
My dog Betty recently had puppies. She had a litter of 12. They all loved to play. We gave many away to loving homes. We kept one very happy puppy.
I found out that I have mild hypertension. I decided to turn my health around. I began watching my macronutrients and intake. I also began working out. Six months later I was at goal weight, and no hypertension!
Kevin wanted a new living room chair. He went to all kinds of stores. He found a store with a great sale. Kevin bought a chair. Now Kevin has the best chair out of all his friends!
Amy and her friends were watching a movie at Lynn's house. Lynn's dad walked in and changed the channel. He hadn't seen the girls laying on the floor. The angry girls all yelled at him. The embarrassed man changed the channel, and left quietly.
Sally had an important meeting a work very early. She got dressed in the dark so she wouldn't wake her husband. Half way through the meeting she noticed she had on different shoes. She made sure to keep her feet under the table. Fortunately no one else noticed her mismatched shoes.
Missy was planning on making enchiladas. She went to grab her tortillas and realized they had gone bad. She couldn't afford to buy new ones. Instead, she decided to home make them. She made the tortillas and they were even better than store-bought.
Patty had a husband. One day she walked to the store and met a guy. He flirted with her. Patty went with him to his house. Patty cheated on her husband.
The Smiths love the corn maze. They attended this past year. Helen was very scared. Ethan told her she was okay. They ended up bonding over that.
Karl was unhappy with his appearance. He felt that his wardrobe lacked style. In an effort to change that fact, he bought a number of magazines. He read through them, observing what the models wore. He stopped because he couldn't imagine himself wearing any of it.
Christina placed her fruit punch on the table. When she left the cup, a bee flew on top of it. It ended up drowning inside of the juice. When Christina came back, she noticed the bee. Overall, she threw the entire cup away.
I started losing eyesight by 8 years old. I couldn't figure out why I couldn't read the blackboard anymore. The teacher scolded me for not taking notes. I told him the words were too blurry. He called my parents, and I had to get glasses.
Lizzy met a new friend in biology class. They plan to meet at the library to study. Lizzy arrives on time and her friend is late. Her friend brings her coffee. Lizzy is okay with her friend being late.
Tom was not very good at roller skating. He watches his friends skate all the time and wishes he was better. One of his friends offered to help him learn how to skate. They practiced together for a couple weeks. Tom can now skate much better and is happy.
My computer was on my desk. I needed to move my desk. I put my computer on the floor. My brother and I moved the desk to another wall. I put my computer back on the desk.
I was doing the laundry the other day. I smelled something even more terrible than usual. I dug to the bottom of the laundry hamper. I found half a banana that had been buried under the clothes. I threw the hamper in the trash just as quickly as I could.
Mia rollerbladed down the boulevard. There was a large stick on the sidewalk, but she did not see it. She stumbled and fell to the ground. Luckily she was wearing her knee pads. Mia was more alert from then on.
Yesterday was Mother's Day. I planned a great day for my mom. We made her breakfast in bed. Later in the day we all gave her our gifts. My gift was her favorite!
Kiddo has been feeling a little sick since a long drive in the car. Today he woke me up whining to go outside. While I was watching through the window Kiddo was eating grass. That's usually what he does when he is sick to his stomach. I hope I don't have a mess to clean up later.
Andy recently adopted a black lab. However, Andy needed to travel for work and needed a sitter. Andy decided to look on Craigslist for a qualified dog sitter. After a hour of searching, Andy found the right individual. After meeting, Andy decided to hire the individual for the job.
Pete had always wanted his own pet puppy. That Christmas, his parents bought him a little labrador! He was so happy but didn't know how to train it. He brought the puppy to a trainer with his parents. Within a few short months, the puppy was very behaved!
My friend was playing a concert. He asked me to come and film it. I showed up with my camera. I filmed the whole concert and it went well. My friend thanked me and I went home.
Sara was in a good mood so she sang her favorite song. She forgot some of the words so she made them up. Sara liked her new version so she made up more words. She wrote down the words to remember them. Sara posted this song on her facebook to show her friends.
Becka was terrible at spelling. Becka had to participate in a spelling bee next week. Becka was determined to improve and practiced every day. On the day of the spelling bee, Becka fainted on stage! Becka decided she would try again at next year's spelling bee.
Char had been in a violent relationship for years. Her boyfriend regularly beat her. She was desperately looking for a way out, so she packed. She took all her things to a hotel. She stayed at the hotel and never went back to the house.
Mary was taking out the garbage. She saw a stray kitten near the garbage can. She noticed the kitten was really hungry. She went inside to grab some canned cat food. Mary fed the kitten before it ran off.
Eva was nervous about gym class. She feared having to shower with the other girls. But in the locker room, she got a surprise. All the stalls had separate doors! Eva had had nothing to worry about after all.
Blanche was an old fashioned kinda girl. She always full dressed up in public. Despite her prudishness, she always got a lot of male attention. She feels like men want what they don't think they can get. This way, she still gets dates whilst maintaining self respect.
Jessie went to the Mall with her friends. One of her friends shoplifted a nail polish and bragged about it. Everyone dared Jessie to go back and shoplift a nail polish too. Jessie was slipping the polish into her purse when she got caught! Jessie's parents were called to the store.
Alice wanted to try a new pepper she heard of with her friends. The pepper was called the Ghost Pepper. Alice decided to buy some ghost peppers online. Alice and her friends tried the pepper during lunch. Alice and her friends  had stomach aches for a week.
Ryan wanted to learn to ride a bicycle like other kids his age. He asked his dad to help him. That week Ryan practiced everyday with his dad helping him. By the end of the week, Ryan could ride a bicycle by himself. Ryan was so happy about his accomplishment.
Yellow jackets moved into my mailbox. They stung my wife when she opened the mailbox. Now the mailman doesn't deliver our mail. I defaulted on my mortgage because I never received the bill. Now the yellow jackets can take over my house too.
Nicholas was a professional golfer and wanted to retire. There was one last tournament coming up and he wanted to win it. Nicholas didn't do well in the tournament and ended up last place. He did not want to end his career on a loss so he kept playing. He continues to play and will quit after his next big win.
John went to his mailbox to check for mail. Inside, he found the usual junk mail. He also found a letter from the friend he had not seen in many years. The letter explained what his friend had been up to over the years. That same day, John wrote a letter in reply.
Tom was a popular local fighter. He had a big fan club locally. Tom finally got the chance to fight on a national stage. His first big fight was hard fought. He showed so much heart that everyone cheered him up.
Yesterday was a long day. We did lots of grocery and Christmas shopping. When we finally got home I wanted nothing more than a hot shower. I turned on the water and it was icy cold! Our water heater had broken and I couldn't take a shower.
Jacob and I were riding our bikes. Jacob got a flat tire. We didn't have a pump with us. I flagged down a car. Luckily they had a pump with them.
Greg stood on the deck of a wooden ship. He lifted his harpoon and threw it with all of his might. It pierced the whale's fin. The creature's blood spilled in the water. The Captain ordered everyone to reel the whale in.
Mary loves animals. Last week she found a dog in the street. The dog was injured and hungry. Mary took the dog home and fed him. The dog is now very healthy.
Our daughter and her family are visiting from NYC. I asked my daughter what her husband likes for coffee. She said it has to be fair trade. And he prefers Sumatra. I was able to get some from Amazon.
Randal was at a party with his friends. He suggested that he order a pizza. His friends told him to order whatever toppings he liked. He happily got pineapple on the pizza. Randal ate most of the pizza by himself.
Vanessa bought a new face today. She placed the vase in the living room. She put flowers in it to make it look great. The vase was unstable and dropped on the floor. Luckily, it didn't break but Vanessa nearly had a meltdown.
Lilly loves to chew bubble gum. She practically chews it all of the time. One night, she fell asleep with a piece in her mouth. When she woke, it was stuck in her hair and was hard to get out. Lilly no longer likes bubble gum that much.
Two months ago we bought a Chevrolet. In the first week, the driver seat started squeaking. The dealer repaired it after four trips. Monday, after the fourth trip, the airbag sensor broke. My car is still at the dealer getting repaired.
Tami needs money. She decides to rob a bank. She goes to her bank. Tami tells the teller to fill her bag with money. Tami runs out of the bank.
Christmas was around the corner and Mary needed to buy all her gifts. She made plans to go to the mall after work. The crowds were crazy but she battled through them. She had to make sure she got something for everyone. She was happy when she was all done and could relax!
Emilio ordered a burger. He was at a restaurant that was famous for their beef. When it arrived, he saw it had eight layers of ingredients. It was an amazing spectacle! He could only eat half, so he took half home.
Bailey needed a haircut. One day she went to a salon. The salon gave her a haircut. She loved how healthy her hair felt. She made a plan to come back in three months for another haircut.
Kelly had an imaginary friend. They would go to the lake together and have fun. Kelly loved playing with her. However Kelly then decided to have a new friend. She forgot about the old.
Sam and Alexis were best friends. They both loved soccer and tried out for their school's team. Sam made the team, but Alexis didn't. All year, Sam helped Alexis prepare for the next try outs. The next fall, both Sam and Alexis made the team.
When we were kids my brother would occasionally get car sick. This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein. But before we got there my brother started to burp twice. After the third burp he threw up all the backseat. After that I thought when someone burps 3 time in a row they puke.
Peter had a big game on Friday. He had been practicing for weeks. He was still really nervous about playing. He made sure to get a good night's sleep before the game. Peter played really well in the game.
John was excited. He was going to the beach tomorrow. The next morning, when he woke up, he saw that it was raining. John was not able to go to the beach. John was very sad about this.
Susan liked to shop for new clothes. Her shopping got out of hand. Susan ran up a huge debt on her credit cards. Susan filed for bankruptcy because she could not pay the debt. Now Susan can't get a mortgage because she ruined her credit.
I  have  always  loved  to  write  creative  stories. But my writing  style  seems  boring. No publishing agents would even check out my book. I  am  taking  a creative  writing  class. The class will help  me  to  get  my  work  noticed.
Everyone at school considered Harry to be a loser. Harry had no friends and was very lonely. Kate felt bad for Harry and decided to be his friend. Kate didn't care what anyone thought about Harry. Eventually, Kate and Harry became best friends and Harry was happy.
After the zoo, they went out to eat. They chose a steakhouse close to home. They ordered steaks and ribs for dinner. It was expensive but delicious. They all had a good time.
Tina needed tech support. So she went ahead and called them. They were very rude. So Tina hung up. She was offended.
Tom was a mountaineer. He needed to purchase new gear. He went to REI. He bought many ropes and carabiners. He obtained the equipment he needed.
Jane went on vacation. She noticed a smell when she arrived. Jane hadn't emptied her trash bin before she left. The smell had come from the trash. Jane had to empty and clean her garbage bin.
Recently, I was watching the news late at night. The weatherman was on and said that a tornado warning was in our area. Shortly after, I heard tornado sirens. I went outside and there was a bad thunderstorm. In the end, though, the tornado never came to our area.
Every Tuesday I meet my grandfather for coffee. He usually spends hours talking about his projects. This week he was rather quiet. He said he was tired because he stayed up too late watching television Our coffee time ended early so he could go home and take a nap.
Ana's parents told her her music was too loud. But Anna needed it to fall asleep! She thought about it and came up with a solution. She decided to wear headphones at night. Her parents were very happy with Ana's solution!
Tom had many thoughts. He wanted to organize his thoughts. He bought poster board. He organized his thoughts. His life improved due to organizing his thoughts.
Briana had an upcoming violin recital. She was very nervous. She practiced for many hours. During her performance she played flawlessly. She then smiled in happiness.
Tom always thought his girlfriend's sister was cute. She seemed to feel the same about him. They would sometimes talk. Tom never took it past talking. He loved his girlfriend and didn't want to risk it.
Kate signed up to compete in a pageant. She bought the most beautiful dress. She was prepared to win and answered her questions correctly. Kate was beat by another girl. She decided pageants were not for her.
Johnny was a very experimental guy. He decided to experiment with another male. He got drunk, invited over a gay friend and made out with him. He woke up the next day, and was horrified at what he did. He kicked his friend out and never talked to him again.
Marissa was visiting her aunt in California. She was planning on taking her to do some shopping. First though she wanted to do her hair. Marissa was excited when her aunt braided her hair tightly. She had never worn a braid before and felt very pretty that way.
Susie was curious about being a vegan. She didn't think it was right to eat meat. So she tried being vegan for a week. It was simply too hard. So she quit after three days.
The brents were excited to go camping this year. They were all packed and ready to go so they started driving. An hour into their journey they noticed a large group of bears. One bear attempted to charge at their car. They decided to go home instead, and they'd try again next year.
Jimmy hoped the weatherman was wrong and that it would snow. He looked longingly out the window at the dark clouds, expecting rain. His mother and the weatherman said it was going to rain. The next morning he woke up expecting wet soggy ground. But to his surprise it looked like a Christmas village outside!
Mikey and his friends went to the lake. They went onto a boat and prepared to ride a tube. When the boat was moving, people began to climb onto the tube. After the boat sped up, the inner tube popped and everyone flew off. Mikey and his friends swam back to the boat and felt sad.
About an hour ago, I was driving in downtown DC. Going through an underpass, I saw a flashing light. I looked down and I was only going 27 mph. However, there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph. Now I'm nervously waiting to see if I'll get a ticket.
Clyde is riding home from school. While getting off the bus he trips. He breaks his glasses in the process. Clyde picks his glasses up. He goes home and tells his parents he broke his glasses.
I saw the most beautiful lamp advertised in a garage sale ad. I wrote down the directions to the sale and my husband drove me. He thought he knew where he was going but he was very lost. He refused to stop and ask for directions. By the time we finally found the sale the lamp was already sold.
Ally woke up to a surprise. Her long driveway was covered in two feet of snow. She couldn't drive her car over it to go to work. She called a plowing service but there were none available. Ally had to call out of work that day.
Jeremy stammered when he talked and people made fun of him. He was so desperate to make the jokes stop, he stammered even more. He took many lessons to help him stop stammering. But as he couldn't stop, he started singing instead. To his satisfaction, when he sang, people stopped making fun of him.
Tom decided to walk from his house to the local movie theater. He felt he knew the way as his brother drove him there before. After walking a few blocks, Tom saw places there were unfamiliar. As he continued walking, he began feeling angry and tired. Tom never reached the theater and struggled to find his way back home.
Ryan was on a mission. He had to try out all of $1 pizza slices in Manhattan. He spent hours everyday for a week. He still had a lot to go. He had a clear favorite though.
She was being very disrespectful. She told her father she was going to do whatever she wanted. He was angry, and told her she was grounded. He also took away her favorite stuffed animal. She decided she'd better start acting right, and apologized.
Bob chased after the rainbow through the fields. He ran after it over forests and streams. Bob thought he'd lost it behind a boulder. He found it waiting for him on the other side. When Bob dived for the pot of gold, he woke up.
Sue signed up for a marathon. She trained for months. On the day of the race, it was raining cats and dogs. Sue ran anyway. She finished the race in record time.
When I was about 16 months old, my uncle gave me Pinky. Pinky is a stuffed pink panther animal. I have loved on him so much that he is falling to pieces. People have offered to get me a new one, but I always decline. I will never get rid of my pinky, I love him too much.
Fred asked Tricia on a date yesterday to an Italian restaurant. Tricia said yes and the two went off to eat some pizza. When it came time for the bill, Fred was about to pay. But Tricia said she wanted to pay for herself. Fred was impressed and Tricia simply smiled.
Hope ran around and screamed. She had just won a gold medal! She jumped into the crowd and celebrated with the fans. The tv cameras rushed to interview her. She proudly held her medal as she talked.
Lorry was desperate for attention she was just dumped by her fiance. She went out every night to different clubs and drank away the pain. When she couldn't control this lifestyle anymore she collapsed at home. Her parents and friends gave her an intervention and told her to stop. She knew they were right and that she had all the support she needed.
Luke felt something was missing from his yard. He wanted it to feel more lively. He looked through a catalog and found an inexpensive fountain. He purchased the fountain over the phone. He was overjoyed when it arrived only a few days later.
Jon got a job in East Texas. He would be working in the oil industry. Alas, no one told him that the shifts would be twelve hours. He struggled to maintain a good work and life balance. He decided to quit the job.
Susan loved helping the sick and wanted to be a doctor. Susan went to college and then to medical school. Her family didn't think she had what it took to be a doctor. Susan disregarded her family and graduated top of her class. She is now the head MD at a local hospital.
Cornelia had always been jealous of her friends who were artists. She works as an accountant, but she wishes she were an artist. One day she decides to take a painting class. She practices painting diligently every day for her class. Now Cornelia is proud to call herself an artist too.
William woke up feeling ill. He went into the bathroom to look in the mirror. His face was pale. He asked his mother to take him to the doctor. The doctor gave him medicine to get better.
Jane was very accident prone. She stepped off of the front porch and broke her foot. Her husband was amused that such a small step caused an injury. He laughed so hard that he lost his balance and fell on his arm! Now it's Jane's turn to laugh at his injury.
Jeff was excited to go to the carnival. First thing he did was run towards the games. He played a ring toss game. The first couple of times he didn't win but finally he won a prize. He chose a giant stuffed bear that he carried home.
Jimmy and Jey hate jogging. They both want to lose weight though. They decided to bike instead. They enjoyed it a lot better. It's easier and still burns calories.
Tim bought a portable speaker. He carried it everywhere. Eventually he wound up misplacing it. Tim liked the speaker so much he bought another. He carried the replacement everywhere as well.
Samantha had a flat tire. She couldn't drive out of her driveway. She called up her mechanic. He arrived at her house an hour later. His mechanic was able to patch the tire up.
Yesterday my friend did not reply to my text. As a result I got mad. I decided to then end my friendship with her. Ending the friendship felt much better. I knew to choose better friends next time.
The circus was in town. Donnie was excited to go with his family. As he and his parent approached the tent, a clown appeared. The clown made a face at Donnie. Donnie yelped and ran away.
Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep. They decide to keep him even though their landlord doesn't allow pets. When their landlord finds out he demands that they get rid of the dog. The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy. They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it's owner.
Claire asked Jay if he wanted to take her last table at the cafe. Jay looked at the table and said he would because he needed money. Jay introduced himself to them and they spoke with an accent. Jay felt a sense of dread come over him. The table stayed for 3 hours and tipped only 8%.
Johnny never had a dad growing up. He had his first job interview in a few days. He bought a nice outfit and a tie. Unfortunately he never learned how to tie one. He went online and found many instructions and figured it out.
Margaret saw something in the hall. She thought it was a ghost. She told her friends at work. Her friends came over to Margaret's house. They didn't think it was haunted.
My aunt was driving her kids to the store. They were all being loud and obnoxious. She had to pull over and put a movie in the DVD player. She made everyone wear headphones. They kept quiet from there on out.
William took his friends out to the lake for a sailboat ride. They boarded the sailboat and William began to set sail. After they made it into the lake, they felt turbulence. The boat began to collapse and fall apart, as everyone on board fled. William and his friends swam back to shore and went out for dinner.
Carol was playing by the river. She noticed a rope swing. Her friends dared her to use it. Carol tried to use it but it snapped. Everyone laughed but she wasn't seriously hurt.
Kathy was about to eat a snack. She grabbed the box of crackers and opened them. Suddenly she saw dozens of ants among the crackers. She yelped and dropped the box. She was so upset but she had to throw them away.
The teenage girls were exploring the streets of New York City. They stopped at a shop selling miniature dollhouse furniture. They decided to look closer inside the store. The door was locked but the proprietor buzzed them in. The furniture cost hundreds of dollars so they did not buy anything.
Louie was going to run away from home. Before he got to end of the street he turned around. He knew missing kids ended up on the back of milk cartons. He didn't have a new photo for his parents to use. He knew his friends would see the embarrassing photo and he went home.
Joshua moved into his grandparents' house to commute to college. Joshua's grandpa had many rules but never told Joshua. Joshua's grandpa got angry with Joshua for breaking the secret rules. Joshua could not understand why his grandpa seemed to hate him. Joshua moved out because he could not get along with his grandpa.
Sam had a really bad cold. He had been stuck at home for days. He decided to get a check-up at the doctors. His doctor found that he had pneumonia. Sam made a full recovery at the hospital.
Greg spent all his money on lottery tickets one month. He was sure he would win because his psychic told him he would. When Greg didn't win any money, he couldn't pay his rent. Greg was evicted. Sadly, Greg had to move back in with his parents.
Bob and his daughter went camping with the Girl Scouts. The first night they cooked burgers over a campfire. Afterwards they roasted marshmallows and made s'mores. It was very cold that night even in their warm sleeping bags. Before they left for home the next day they made a candle to take Mom.
Tyrone was an excellent marksman. He knew he could win a prize at the shooting gallery at the carnival. When he failed to hit any of the targets, he knew the game was rigged. Tyrone demanded that his money be refunded, but the carnie refused. Tyrone shot at the carnie, and he didn't miss.
Gary wanted to lose some weight. Gary decided he would hire a personal trainer. After locating a trainer, they met and formulated a weight loss plan. After their first session, Gary knew he picked the right trainer. Gary was excited with the plan his trainer formulated for him.
Janice stared out of the car window as she rode to a new state Her new home was 1500 miles away. When she arrived she met a friend who lived next door. Janice soon forgot about the long trip from her old town. She was glad in retrospect that her family moved.
Philo wanted a family crest as a tattoo. Philo ordered his name's proper crest researched. The researchers sent him a heraldic crest. Philo got the tattoo. The researchers called to apologize, for they had sent the wrong one.
Mario was concerned about his daughter's cough. She coughed throughout the night and no medicine would help. One day she complained of chest pain and wheezing. They went to the doctor, where they found out she had asthma. Thanks to her new inhaler, she rarely coughs anymore.
Tom wanted to bake a cake for his friend Mary as it was her birthday. He went to the store and got all the ingredients he needed. He spent the day baking the cake. He gave Mary the cake. Mary was very touched by Tom's gesture.
Tom had three roommates. They would never turn the lights off. It annoyed Tom greatly. The electric bill was always too high. It eventually forced Tom to leave.
We walked down the grocery store aisles. We looked forlornly at all the candy. We wanted to buy it. It was so expensive. Finally my husband grabbed a large bag anyway.
It was the day of Bill's Championship game. He was so nervous as he wanted to win. He had practiced for weeks leading up to the game. Finally it was game time and bill was ready. Bill's team won the game!
My mom was cleaning the house. She washed the dishes, scrubbed the couch and vacuumed the floor. She searched my sister's bed for any mess. She flinched when she found an alcohol bottle under her bed. My sister came home and was scarred at her since she looked mad.
One night, as a child, I crawled into bed and began thinking. I heard my bedroom door open. I shut my eyes, knowing mom had come in to say goodnight. I pretended to be asleep while she kissed me on the forehead. I felt happy to be loved so well.
James got permission to use the office printer for personal business. He printed up a stack of flyers for his band's gig on Saturday. Sly, another of the workers, had once dreamed of being in a band. Mad he never made it, he complained about James using the printer. The boss told him to mind his own business and get back to work.
Tom majored in art in college. Tom was unable to find work after college. He decided to teach himself web development. He learned a lot online from free tutorials. Tom ultimately became an adept web developer.
Jo has been learning more about apps and program coding. His employer was looking for more ways to expand the business. Jo proposed his idea for a new shopping app for the company. His boss loved it and told Jo to supervise a new team to work on it. Jo agreed and helped expand the business with his new app team.
Eduardo was sent away to active duty. He missed his family dearly. He would often write them while away at war. Finally it was time for him to come home. Eduardo steps off the plane to hug his family.
I was cleaning my kitchen one day. I opened my door to sweep some dust outside. When I opened my door, my dog ran outside and got away. I couldn't catch the dog, and she didn't return home after waiting. After a few hours, the police arrived at my door with my dog.
Gary was walking with a group of friends in the field trip. They traveled a lot throughout the forest. Gary decided to go to the bathroom. However, everyone left while he was staying in the bathroom. He was more disappointed than mad.
Since almost drowning in the ocean, Nancy was no longer able to swim. She once was an excellent swimmer and wanted to be that again. Her brother convinced her to take swimming lessons. It was scary for Nancy to try to swim again. With lessons, she soon was able to enjoy  swimming again.
Pete looked at his coin collection and saw it was dirty. He took all the coins out of their protective sleeves. He began to polish them one at a time. After hours of work his coins were very shiny. Put put all the coins back and admired his work.
Amy marched over to the table Kim was sitting at. She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben. Kim insisted she only spoke facts. Amy grabbed Kim's brownie, and threw it in the trash. She walked to her table as Kim watched in a stunned silence.
I took my boys fishing. Kenny didn't like putting worms on the hook. While trying not to touch the worms he fell in the river. I had to dive in and rescue him. We decided to go swimming instead.
Dave and I wanted to watch a movie together last night. The hardest part is always picking what to watch. He said he was in the mood for a comedy. I felt like watching a horror film. We decided to watch Young Frankenstein to satisfy both genres.
Rob wanted to become a boxer. He joined a gym and began training. He worked hard and learned skills rapidly. Rob stepped into the ring for his first public fight. Rob knocked out his opponent in the first round!
A stranger was bullying a kid. He was mad that he sat in his seat on the school bus. The bus stopped a few minutes later. Several people were getting off. Although a lady stepped on his shoes, he was nice to her.
Tom loved music. Tom listened to classical music. One night he especially enjoyed a piece by Bach. Tom was moved to tears. Tom decided Bach was his favorite composer.
I was chosen to do an interview for school. I was nervous about doing so. However, I was honored to be chosen. The interview was fun. I was glad I did it.
John lived in the Alaskan wilderness. One winter, food was scarce. John was beginning to starve. One day, John caught a deer. He finally had enough food to survive the winter.
Tom enjoyed basketball very much. He played at his local park everyday. One day he played John and lost. Tom didn't like losing. So he practiced for weeks to get better and beat John at basketball.
Tina was hungry for a snack. She looked through her fridge. Then she looked through her pantry. She just couldn't find what she wanted. So she walked off irritated.
Jill was invited to a party. She decided to bake cookies for everyone. When she arrived at the party, there was already lots of food. And hardly anyone ate Jill's cookies. She felt embarrassed having to take all of them back home.
It was Joe's turn to bring doughnuts to his job. So Joe drove to a doughnut shop and ordered a dozen of doughnuts. He took them to work. Everyone thanked him for the donuts. Joe felt good that he got everyone donuts.
Carlin took her family to a Christmas tree farm. They went on a hayride through the trees. Then, they chose a tree. Together, they chopped it down. Finally, they paid for the tree and went home.
Bob liked to freeze his bread. He was using some from 6 years ago. When he toasted it, some parts didn't toast evenly. Bob was dismayed at the bread being both hard and soft simultaneously. He was so hungry he ate it like that anyway.
The children in Ann's class drew pictures of seahorses. They were all quiet while trying to focus on drawing. One boy stood up and said he hated the assignment and stormed out. Ann chased after him, and the other kids laughed and got noisy. Ann caught him, brought him back, and disciplined him.
Joe shuffled a deck of cards. He handed the cards to his sister. Joe's sister picked a card, which was the Queen of Clubs. His sister put the card back in the deck. Joe guessed the card correctly without ever seeing it!
Amy was looking in her cupboards. She didn't have anything to eat. She went to the store and bought some snacks. She came home and gobbled them up. She was full but wasn't sure what she'd eat later.
When the summer came, Rico had to move back home. He was sad because he had made many new friends in Iowa. On the last day of school, Rico exchanged addresses with his friends. When Rico arrived home, he already had letters waiting for him. Rico has many new pen pals that he writes to every week.
Gina bought a gallon of ice cream for her family. She scooped out ice cream into bowls for her siblings. Her little brother cried because there were no cones. Gina was hot, and annoyed, and didn't have patience for tears. She grabbed his bowl and poured his ice cream into her bowl.
The cheapest ticket I got was 25 dollars. It was for not having a seat belt. The policeman said that that was a friendly reminder. I do not think a ticket is friendly. I have no idea how he spotted that.
Jim was cutting down an old tree. It had been dangerous for a while. He lost control as it fell. It almost hit the side of the house. Jim was barely able to avoid it.
Mick always got strep throat. At least twice a year he'd be too sick to go to leave bed. His doctor told him he needed surgery to remove his tonsils. Mick was horrified but would do anything to stop being sick always. The surgery went great and Mick was happy about his ice cream diet.
Jerry was having a perfectly fine day. It was beautiful out and everything was going according to plan. Suddenly, the clouds grew dim and the winds picked up. A tornado came erupting from the sky destroying everything in its path. Jerry had luckily found a cellar and managed to stay safe.
James was trying his hardest to make the football team. He wasn't good enough last year, but this year's be different! He trained for hours. James made great progress. James ended up making the team!
Matt was deathly afraid of heights. His girlfriend really wanted to go to the fair. Upon arrival, she wanted to ride the Ferris wheel. They rode it, and he pretended not to be scared. He decided he will be ok with heights, as long as he can pretend to be.
Manuel got a dog for his birthday. He wasn't very careful with it and it ran away. His parents put posters in the neighborhood. Manuel waited impatiently for some good news. A day later someone called saying they had found the dog.
Suzy was lonely so she asked her mother for a dog. Susie's mom told her no. The next day, Susie woke up and remembered it was her birthday. She heard barking. Susie ran from her bed and saw her mother had surprised her with a dog.
This year I tried to watch movies important to film history. I watched old movies like Birth of a Nation and Nanook. I watched foreign movies like Battleship Potemkin and 8 1/2. Thus far my favorite movie was Breathless. I hope to become a cineaste.
When he was 19 Year's old, David became a scuba diver. He visited 3 oceans and dived in many exotic places. One day, David discovered a shipwreck from the 1600's. The shipwreck contained millions of dollars of gold coins. David became very rich and very famous for his find.
Matt loves to hunt for interesting rocks. Matt is a geologist and looks at rocks for a career. One day Matt found a very rare fossil. The fossil was worth millions of dollars. Matt works for himself now and still loves looking for rocks.
Terry and Thomas went to the old tire swing on the hill. They twisted up the rope until it would not twist any further. Climbing up on the tire swing, they spun around until they were dizzy. Terry tried to get off when they did it for a second time. He fell, gave himself a concussion, and could not play again that day.
Sally's child lost her toy teddy bear at the mall. Sally called the stores in the mall where they visited. One of the stores had the bear. Sally and her child drove to the mall and got the bear. They drove home and had dinner and went to bed.
Ave wasn't a fan of heavy metal music. Her boyfriend convinced her to go to a concert with him. Ave decided to be a good sport and accompany him. She really tried to like the music. Ave wasn't able to start liking her boyfriend's preferred music genre.
My friend decided one fateful night, to make the decision to drink. He got in a fight, and got into his car and drove. That night he called me and told me about all of this. As he pulled up, we talked for hours on end until sunrise. He left, and later I found out he crashed and was in the hospital.
Sam was a creative high school student. He had signed up for the science fair this year. He created his project about artificial intelligence. Sam developed software to have autonomous vending machines. Sam won first place for his hard work.
Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars. They stared at the stars for a couple hours. They then talked and laughed under the stars. They ate snacks. They picked up the blanket and snacks and went inside.
Guillermo really needed money. He obtained a knife. He then threatened a man for his money. The man complied fearing for his life. And Guillermo got a lot of money for it.
Lacy found a cat on her way home from school. She named it Buttons because it had gray spots on it's chest. Lacy woke up one day and she couldn't find Buttons. She heard meowing from around the back of the house. Lacy found Buttons and four new kittens in the bushes.
Hubert took his smartphone out to check out his mail. He perused through fifty emails, but none were from Bertha. He sat on a bench waiting for her email. Four minutes later, Bertha's email appeared and he smiled widely. He pocketed the phone and continued his walk with a light heart.
The man sliced the lemon. He squeezed it into the drink. He tasted the drink. He enjoyed it. He guzzled the rest of the drink.
I had a blow out on the interstate. I managed to get to the side of the road. My spare was flat. I called a tow truck. Soon I had the tire fixed.
We were sitting in the very hot room. It was nearly unbearable. I didn't know what to do. I put the fan on. Then realized it was blowing hot air.
Charles will never forget his favorite Halloween. The year was 1989 and he got dressed up for a party. But he didn't know where a party was. He walked around the neighborhood and ran into Rachel. They watched scary movies together and had a great time.
Father liked to play jokes on his children. He would quietly press the window lock button in the truck. He would make a sniffing sound, asking if anyone else smelled smoke. The kids would take a big inhale through their nose to check. They didn't know he'd quietly farted just before asking his question.
Denise loved playing Pokemon Go. She decided to take a walk so she could play. While she was crossing the street, Denise saw a pokemon on her screen. Denise was almost hit by a car as she walked into traffic. She decided to only play on the sidewalk from now on.
At church, the pastor said to love thy neighbor. Felix liked the sermon. He felt that he needed to practice more love. Unfortunately, the rest of the congregation practiced hate. They practiced hate, even as they nodded along to words of love.
Olga tried on a new dress. The lady at the store liked the way it looked on her. Olga bought the dress. She put it on when she got home. Her husband admired her when he got home.
Dana had really dry skin. She tried several types of lotion. None of the lotions helped her skin. Dana went to see a dermatologist. The dermatologist prescribed Dana a lotion that replenishes her skin.
Howard had a problem with slugs eating the flowers in his garden. While researching he found out that you could trap them with beer. He put out dishes of beer that they would supposedly fall into. Sure enough, lots of slugs tried to drink the beer and then fell in! His flowers were a lot more healthy without so many slugs around.
Erica's new job let her work from home. She liked not having to get dressed. She loved not having a boss breathing down her neck. A few weeks in, though, she had gained ten pounds. Now Erica does her work from the treadmill.
Kelcy and LeAnn had been best friends for years. They hadn't seen each other in three years since LeAnn moved away. LeAnn surprised Kelcy by driving 3 1/2 hours to take her out to lunch. They ate and had a lot of laughs and tears of joy! Kelcy was so surprised and happy to see her old friend!
Frank never saw snow before. But he recently moved to a town where it snows every year. Frank found out it was going to snow this weekend. He thought about what the first thing he'd do in the snow would be. When the weekend came the first thing Frank did was make a snow angel.
Gina wanted potato chips. There were none in her grandma's house. Gina offered to walk to the store. But her grandmother was afraid she would get lost. Gina needed to wait for her grandpa to return home to go to the store.
Sally loved to run. She was out on her daily jog when she felt a few sprinkles. She began to jog faster. The rain came down harder and harder. Sally didn't make home in time and was drenched.
I was running late to class again. The teacher said if I was late he would lock me out. I didn't believe he would actually do it. When I got there, the door was locked. He made me stand in the hall for 10 minutes before letting me in.
Hamlet loved eating everything he could get his hands on. He ate away at his roommates monthly supply of food. He ate away his whole parents pantry full of snacks and bread. He even ate the wedding cake of his brother Mer. Hamlet was depressed and alone, he ate all his friendships away.
Mike went to the park to play basketball with his friends. He showed off his brand new shoes to everyone. Mike told everyone his shoes would help him play better. After the game, Mike realized he had not played any differently. Mike regretted spending so much money on his new shoes.
Leela was a small woman with big aspirations. She wanted to perform in the circus. After long nights of training for an audition she felt ready. Even though she was nervous she put on a performance like no other. The judges were astounded and hired her immediately.
Julie really wanted to buy the tenth book of a series she loved. She went to the bookstore as soon as the book was available. She devoured it in one night. But when she was done, she was disappointed with the plot. She ended up selling the whole series to a used bookstore.
Sally needed a haircut. She showed her stylist a picture of the haircut she wanted. She waited patiently as the stylist cut her hair. When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified. The haircut was nothing like the image, Sally cried.
Lisa wanted to make it big in Hollywood. Lisa got an agent and had some head shots made. She went to many auditions. Finally, Lisa was invited to come back for a second reading. Lisa got the part - in a huge blockbuster movie!
Lieutenant Dan was leading his platoon down the road. He had instructions to lead them to the objective. They came to a fork in the road. Lieutenant Dan chose the left without looking at the map. Five miles later, Lieutenant Dan realized he took the wrong road.
Ariadna was ten when she left the USSR. She hid with her family in a boat to reach Western Canada. The journey was fraught with danger. But when they arrived a new life opened for her. She settled in Quebec with her family and still lives there.
I've never gotten a speeding ticket in my life. I've been driving for twenty Years and my record's clean. I always obey the speed limit and all rules of the road. Everyone is very impressed with me. I think that keeping my streak alive is what keeps me safe.
John was just about done with the installation. It had taken him nearly two days to install the skylight. He was on the roof with a water hose in his hand. He turned on the hose as he crossed his fingers for luck. A smile spread on his face as the kitchen remained dry.
John had his day off. John wanted to go to the beach. He got on his car and drove to the beach. John swam in the water. John had a good day.
Kim had a bit of a drinking problem. She would drink too much wine every night. She kept dropping and breaking wine glasses. After a while she ran completely out. Kim started drinking out of coffee cups.
Jane woke up on Tuesday and realized she was late for work. She quickly got ready, and rushed out of her house. On the way to work she was speeding. She eventually ran a red light, and saw police sirens behind her. She ended up getting a ticket, which was definitely not worth it!
My friend Joe and I send each other books. I sent him a 2666, a modern classic. Today he sent me two books. One was a book I had sent him. We laughed about this.
There was an elephant called Burma. Burma got stuck in a wire and her ear was nearly cut off. Before her ear fell off, she was found by rescuers in a ditch. She was pulled from the ditch and the wire was removed. She was put in a sanctuary and adopted by her rescuers.
Ally and Karen were putting together a puzzle. After a little while, they realized a piece was missing. They looked all over the house, but could not find the piece. Then, they saw a tail sticking out from under the couch. The cat had taken the piece!
Sara was walking home from her college class. At an intersection, she noticed there was a hole in her backpack. Her books had fallen out without her noticing. She ran back the way she came and picked up all of her books. By the time she got back, it was time to go to school again.
Her team needs a home run to win the game. All year her hitting was terrible. She was nervous but ready to hit a homerun. The pitcher throws the softball. Sandra hits a homerun.
Gustav was a tall and thin boy and was often teased at school. After school, Gustav would help in his father's blacksmith shop. All that lifting and hammering of metal was changing Gustav. Soon he was the tallest and strongest boy at school. Eventually, no one was teasing Gustav anymore.
Tommy loved to hike. He decided that he would hike a section of the AT. He began his journey making slow progress at first. He hike for many, many miles over the weekend. When he got back he reflected about how much he enjoyed his trip.
Becky never had a shrimp before. She liked fish so she thought she should try a shrimp. Her meal was sat down in front of her. She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail. She didn't like shrimp after that.
Trent was standing near the lake with his family to take a picture. He stepped back to let his family get into the shot. Trent took one step too many and fell into the lake. His kids had to help him out of the lake. Everyone laughed and they had to reschedule the picture.
Vladimir's teacher warned the students that the year would be hard. The teacher proved her point by immediately beginning a pop quiz. Vlad almost had a panic attack. The pop quiz merely asked the students questions about themselves. It was a huge relief to Vlad, and made for a fun first day's activity.
Shilo has always envied the motorcyclists he sees riding through town. He decides to save up his money to buy a motorcycle. After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams. Now he rides the motorcycle almost every day. Shilo is no longer envious when he sees other motorcyclists.
Jax had just had his birthday. His aunt had given him fifty dollars. Jax didn't know what to do with the money. His parents suggested that he save the money. The put the money in the bank for him.
Samantha asked her parents if she could adopt a pet. Her Mom and Dad agreed to adopt a kitten from the animal shelter. Samantha was required to feed the cat and clean up after it each day. She was very responsible and took great care of the cat. Samantha's Mom and Dad were very proud of her.
A young woman wanted to be able to defend herself. She began studying self defense. She learned that it's not violence when it is self defense. She learned it is called intelligence. She became an adept martial artist.
My father wore a blue coat to work. He always paired it with a hard hat. His job required wearing those things every day. I started getting them out for him in the mornings. I was short so they were difficult to reach.
I usually play chess online with my friend George. George texted a lot today. He wanted to talk shop. By the time he was ready to play I had to go to dinner. We did not play chess at all.
Jen was working late. Her husband was worried about her. Jen's husband drove to meet her. He stayed with her until she finished. Jen and her husband left together.
Rachel and Joe were singing together. They were going to perform a duet at church. When it was time to go, they took the stage nervously. They sang as good as they could. The congregation all applauded.
Tara wanted to start a website. She began a blog on fashion and beauty tips. She gained millions of viewers from across the world. Tara was able to quit her full time job and become a blogger. She eventually sold her blog for a few million dollars.
John and Flora were shopping for Christmas trees. They disagreed on which kind to get, because John wanted a real one. Flora wanted a more ecologically-friendly artificial tree. John bargained with Flora. They bought a potted tree to plant in the yard after the holidays.
Tom was on a horrible date. They were at the bar. He really felt insulted by the girl. At one point he excused himself to the bathroom. Tom ran out through the back door.
Yesterday I finished reading the novel Red Sorghum. I am Chinese and had heard a lot about the novel. I finished the book in four days. I found it to be violent yet lyrical. I am going to watch the movie version soon.
Sue has a math test on Friday. She has been studying for weeks. She knew she was ready. When she got to class, her teacher postponed the test. Sue could not have been more mad after all her studying.
Charles' mother advised him not to open any credit accounts. But, all of his friends in college were opening credit accounts. Charles applied for an American Express and a Visa card. After a few months, he couldn't pay for either card. Twenty years later, Charles still has a poor credit score.
I was driving and I noticed how messy the road was. There was litter everywhere. I could not drive 10 feet without seeing an empty can. I called up all of my friends from the neighborhood. We got together to clean up all of the litter in the street.
Felicity was going to be late for her first day at work. Thinking about the best course of action, she made a call. She was told that tardiness wasn't accepted in her new office. She apologized, but to no avail. She was told that she needn't show up at all.
Bill hated traveling. He had to go to another state for work. Bill bought a train ticket because he did not want to fly. The train was delayed and Bill missed a big meeting. Bill swore that next time, he would fly.
John hadn't gotten any mail in days. Eventually he heard a knock at the door. It was his neighbor. He got his mail by accident. John got it back and talked to the mailman.
Jenny loved to garden outside her home. One day, she found that all her flowers have been nibbled on. Jenny grew nervous that she might have a bug infestation on her hands. She decided to look around her plants for any bugs. Behind a pot of flowers, Jenny found many rabbits eating her plants!
After an exhausting day of classes Becky went down to the library. To her delight her favorite comfy chair was right to be found. As she sat down, she took her iPad out and watched a movie. She felt so relaxed after a long day. The hours just flew by.
Fanny arrived to campus for the first time. She glanced at her map several times to find her first class. After walking for a few minutes, she realized that she was lost. A stranger helped her move in the right direction. Despite being late to class, she was able to get in.
Sheila bought a new washing machine for her home. One day, her machine broke for no apparent reason. Sheila called a repairman to fix the machine. The repairman came the next day but was not able to fix the machine. Sheila was very upset and demanded a refund.
My brother was getting married in a week, so we threw him a party. At the bachelor party we decided he had to play Edward 40 hands. We duct taped two 40 ounce bottles of beer to his hands. He was unable to remove them until both were consumed. He finally finished them but then had to run right to the bathroom.
Susie got a bad piercing. She thought it would be nice. But it ended up hurting, She got an infection. So she could not go to work the next day.
The girl called her a horrible name. She was very angry about it. She turned around and told her to repeat it. When the girl did, she marched over to her. She punched her right in the face.
Yesterday after class I took a nice nap. I really needed it too, because I was so tired. I'm really glad I took the nap because it refreshed me. I was refreshed enough to go play basketball afterwards. I think I'll take a nap tomorrow too.
Last night my husband and I went out together. First we saw a funny movie. The we went to dinner, where we discussed the movie. We managed to squeeze in dessert even though we were both full! Then, we headed home after dinner to relax on the couch.
Sue thought the county yard sale was the solution to spring cleaning. She filled her van with junk and donated it to the sale. Sue came home feeling like she'd accomplished something. Then she saw her husband's truck pull in loaded with her stuff. Her husband got out, telling Sue about the great buys at the yard sale
Jasper fell in love with Staci when he was young. Stacy returned his feelings because she felt the same way. Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old. They eventually had three children. Jasper realized that love can definitely work out.
Lily was afraid of Thunderstorms. She hid under her blankets every time it thundered. Her mom came in to calm her down. Lily listened to her mom's story. Lily soon realized the thunder was gone and that she wasn't scared.
Julie's aunt was going to be in town soon. Julie didn't know her well but liked her well enough. While she was in town Julie saw her a few times. She was always with the same woman, holding hands. Julie asked her aunt if she was gay and her aunt confessed to it.
Rosa was cooking eggs in the morning. She reached over for her spices. Without looking, she sprinkled them onto the food. After it was finished cooking she sat down to eat. With the first bite, she realized that what she put in wasn't pepper.
Today was Ian's birthday but his mom didn't have any party games. After a quick search online, Ian found a game called Duck Duck Goose. His mother laughed, how could he have never heard of the game? When everyone arrived, they sat in a big circle and Ian explained. After a few rounds, everyone understood and had a great time.
It was time to leave for work but I needed my keys. I checked the pants I had word the day before. I checked under the bed. I asked my wife if she had seen them. Then I realized, they were in my pocket!
A bat flew into Tyler's house. Tyler spent half an hour swatting at the bat. But the bat kept dodging his swatter. Eventually, he gave up and opened the windows. After, an hour the bat finally flew away.
David's mother invited him to her house for Easter. There was one problem, she lived in Brooklyn, New York. David's mother insisted he visit her and bring his family. David and his family flew to Brooklyn to see his mother for Easter. When they arrived David's relatives were there for a family Portrait.
Pete was a very frugal man. He never ate out and drove an old car. His co-workers thought he was nuts. Instead, Pete put his money into his savings and retirement accounts. He ended up retiring ten years before all his colleagues.
Jess was laid off from her job. She filed for unemployment, but was rejected. Without any money, she had to move in with her parents. When Jess got a new job, she continued living with them. 6 months later she had saved enough to buy her own house.
The vacuum filled quickly with dog hair. It was filled to the brim. I had to change it several times. I finally had to buy a bigger vacuum. It worked much better.
Bill sat in his apartment, pondering what was missing from it. After a while, he realized that having plants would liven up the room. He went out to the local flower shop and bought as many as he could. He struggled to carry it all back home, but made it eventually. Once he returned, he realized that he had no room to put all of them.
Henry had a dentist's appointment today. He left his house 30 minutes before the appointment. There was traffic on the road. Therefore, he was late to the appointment. The doctor told him to come back next month.
Gina's parents weren't ready to leave Illinois and go home. She thought they would leave when her father came to retrieve them. But he had been back in town 3 full days and they were still here. Gina was starting to panic. She was not excited about the thought of in living in Illinois again.
Frank was learning to fly a plane. He was on a test flight when he too quickly gained altitude. The plane started to stall. The instructor tried to correct but it was no use. They parachuted out of the plane and landed in a dense tree.
Ryan saw ads on TV that offered new cars at low prices. He thought he could easily afford a $200 monthly payment. But when he got to the dealership, he was surprised. That price was only for people with perfect credit, apparently. Ryan's payment would be more than double the advertised price!
She had a craving for snickerdoodles. She went to the bakery section of the store. They even had pumpkin cookies. She grabbed a large container of snickerdoodles. It was going to be difficult not to eat the entire thing.
Pam went grocery shopping after work. She wanted to make a fancy dinner. Pam worked for hours on the dinner. Unfortunately, she burned everything. Pam then decided to get Chinese food.
Paul was ridiculed by the other team. They doubted that he will have a good game after losing the last game. Paul took his frustration out by scoring most of his team's points. He scored 23 in the first quarter and 32 in the second half. The coach placed the bench players in the game early.
It was raining outside. Tom's dog ran out of the house. Tom was able to get him back in but he was soaked. The dog sprayed water everywhere trying to dry itself. Tom was upset while he cleaned up after it.
Fred was in search of a good new manicurist. He had never had one done in the city in which he now lived. He tried a small boutique just a few blocks away. They clipped his nails too close and were unpleasant. Fred later found a quality manicurist somewhat further away.
There is a big white slide at a water park. It was fun to surf down it. It has three humps. I surfed down two of them. Some people could do all three.
Ian had to use the bathroom. But his sister was taking a shower. He barged on the bathroom door. But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out. Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor.
As summer started, Ron fell and broke his leg on the swing. The doctor told Ron he would have to wear a cast all summer. At home, Ron went to his room and sulked for hours. His grandmother visited and brought him a drawing set. By the end of summer, Ron had become an expert at drawing.
Tom was away on vacation. A fire burned his house down while he was gone. Tom returned to find rubble. He dug through it to try and find salvageable things. Unfortunately he wasn't able to.
Jonah worked for a fish-processing factory. He always loved eating fish. One day, Jonah witnessed an employee pick a fish off the nasty floor. The employee put the fish right back on the conveyor belt. Jonah vowed to never eat fish again.
Anna's friend made her a friendship bracelet. Anna tied it on her wrist happily. But a week later, she noticed it was missing! Anna told her friend what had happened. Her friend made Anna a replacement bracelet.
Tim loved the Rocky Horror Picture Show. He noticed there was a local theater showing it soon. Tim decided to check it out live. It was way better than he had expected. Tim loved the movie even more after that.
Beth got an envelope in the mail. It was an invitation to a wedding. She wasn't sure if she would be able to go. She put the RSVP on her kitchen table until she knew for sure. Beth's social calendar was too full!
The man stuck out his tongue. There was a white film on it. The doctor took a look. He said it was yeast. He told the man to stop drinking beer.
Jimmy was marking names in his note book. He looked at people on the street imagining their names in real life. He saw a pretty girl and called her Mavis. He asked the girl what her name was and she said Mavis. Jimmy was shocked and thought he must be psychic.
The Duckers had only had their new puppy for three months. The dog's hair began to fall out and it scratched itself all day. They took the puppy to the vet, worried it was sick. The vet told them the dog is fine, but allergic to grass! Now their puppy takes special medicine and is healthy as ever.
Joy doesn't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn. Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play. Joy calls him up and he tells her to come over to play. He teaches Joy to play chess and they play for hours. Joy got to learn a new game and bond with her grandfather.
The students began to argue in the middle of lunch. One boy grabbed his apple and launched it across the room. The apple hit a girl that was sitting quietly. The girl picked up her peaches and launched them back at the boy. Then, the entire cafeteria erupted into a massive food fight.
Rodney missed being in the spotlight as a Rap star. So he inspired his deejay to book some shows so they could perform. First, Rodney performed in Las Vegas. Second, they filmed part of their new music video in Las Vegas. Next they went to Mexico where Rodney quickly had sex with a Latina.
Rio's chest hurt badly. She went to the emergency room to get looked at. There, they told Rio she had had a minor heart attack! They kept her overnight to keep an eye on her. In the morning, they discharged Rio, pronouncing her healthy.
Barry was working in his shop and decided he had way too much stuff. While looking through his tools he realized he did not all of them. So he decided to have a yard sale. Barry made signs and put them up in his neighborhood. The yard sale was a huge success and he has plenty of extra space.
John joined a fraternity on his college campus. At the first meeting the members blindfolded him and led him outside. John had no clue where they were taking him. They took his blindfold off and John realized he was in the woods. There the members had John recite a pledge to the fraternity.
Stan wore his blue beanie outside. His friend took the hat off of his head. Stan chased his friend through a field. His friend got away from Stan. The next day his friend came over wearing Stan's hat.
Marco noticed that his bedroom felt very messy. He realized that he had gotten out of the habit of making his bed. He decided to start making his bed every morning. It made his bed look much neater. Marco loved having a less messy bedroom.
It was time to fed the dog. I got the open dog food can out of the refrigerator. I opened the lid and put some food in the bowl. I poured some dry food on top. My dog ran over to eat the food.
Tom had really bad acne. He tried several things to fix it. None seemed to work. Eventually he went to a dermatologist. Tom was finally given some effective treatment.
The man decorated his car. His friend liked the decoration. He asked the man to decorate his car. The man agreed. His friend gave him a case of beer in exchange.
Mary was running to catch the bus. She was late for an appointment. She tripped and fell. The bus left without her. A friend of Mary's drove her to her appointment.
I went to a concert last week. It was quite rowdy. We waited in line for hours. Then we went inside. But I as pushed and shoved many times.
Tom was at a chili cooking contest. He was excited to try all the spicy flavors. Everyone talked their recipe up as being the spiciest. Tom went around trying different ones. He was disappointed to find out that none were that spicy.
Claudia bought some earrings. She put them in her ear. Then her ears started to become painful. She realized she got an ear infection. She took out the earrings.
Sally was at the fairgrounds. She was eating a lot of food including sweets and burgers. She started to feel odd getting onto the ferris wheel. Her worst nightmare happened. She threw up all over the people down below!
I needed someone to help me move furniture. I rented a large u haul truck. I called my cousin, and he agreed to come help. He arrived a few hours later. With his help, we completed the move in only a few days.
Victoria didn't like her flat shapeless butt. She would workout in the gym but she wasn't getting results. She hired a professional personal trainer to help her. Her trainer changed up her diet and workout routine. Victoria eventually gained the body she desired.
Mary was hiking with her family. She had gotten a bit ahead of them but figured it was fine. Suddenly she realized what she had been following was not a trail. She didn't even know her way back to the trail either. Luckily her parents sent out a park ranger to find her.
Crystal decided to learn how to sew. She worked hard at cutting out the pattern. Then she lined it up and sewed the edges up. She had created a beautiful pillowcase! Crystal decided to try a quilt next.
One day Layne decided to go birdwatching. She saw a deer! She held out a cracker. The deer took the cracker. That made Layne's day.
Ted wanted to know what his IQ score is. Ted asked his friend for help. His friend was a doctor who routinely administered IQ tests. His friend allowed him to complete the test. Ted was happy to learn his IQ score.
Kay and her son stopped at a store on the way home. While checking out, the cashier complimented her on having no accent. She told Kay a lot of Hispanics had thick accents. Kay was not Hispanic and confused. She thanked the cashier because she didn't know what else to say.
Carl lost a lot of weight. His cargo shorts became too big for him. He went to a clothing store to get smaller sizes. The smallest size was still a little too baggy for him. He bought a belt and that helped his new clothes fit.
One day, Mike was badly rear ended by a Mazda Miata. And from then on, he hated Miatas and all Miata drivers. In his apartment parking structure, he saw a Miata with its top off. He decided to go inside the car and trash the interior. He posted pictures of it on Facebook but was quickly caught.
Tony bought a new laptop today. The store employee offered Tony the warranty. Tony declined and didn't think he would need it. Tony dropped the laptop an hour later and it broke. Tony was upset at himself for not getting the warranty.
The Anderson family wanted to take a big vacation. They saved up their money all year. At the end of the year they booked a trip to Mexico. The Anderson's had so much fun while on vacation. They decided to take a family trip on an annual basis.
Barbara went hiking in the Ozark Mountains. She was following a trail that hadn't been used in a while. As she was walking she came upon a cliff and decided to look over. The rocks started to crumble under her feet and she lost her balance. She caught herself just in time and escaped a terrible fall.
Joeldeen was an immigrant from france. She arrived in Florida to make a better living. She had trouble learning english. Joeldeen was struggling to she went to school for education. She ended up learning english.
James went away to college. He learned a lot about himself. He learned to become independent and to solves problems. After college he moved back home and felt empowered. He was an adult now and he was happy with that.
Someone stole Jill's motorcycle helmet. She couldn't ride the motorcycle home without a helmet. She looked for a motorcycle store nearby. There was one fairly close by. Jill bought her helmet and was able to get back home.
John was at a park. And there was a sign that said not to feed the ducks. But everyone was feeding the ducks anyway. John decided to join in and feed the ducks too. And he felt much more relaxed.
Ivan loves fruit. He forgot that he had an old banana. Now, his house is infested with fruit flies. He threw away the banana. They're all gone now!
Karen could not find her blender anywhere. Karen looked in the pantry. It was not there. She looked over at the counter. The blender was already sitting on the counter.
Mark was friends with a blacksmith. He kept all scrap metal that he came across to give his friend. When Mark filled a garbage can with scrap he called the friend. The friend came over and took the can of metal. He made mark a metal sculpture as a thank you gesture.
Tanner needed a way to install his jewelry cabinet on his wall. He tried attaching it with command hooks but they fell off in a day. He did not have any power tools to work with. He forced some screws into the wall with a screwdriver. To his surprise, that held up well and worked for years.
Lily noticed that her phone was gone. She found her toddler with it and took it back. She looked and saw that he was using the camera. The gallery was full of pictures that he had taken. They were all not focused and blurry.
Daniel wanted to study philosophy in college. He talked to his parents about his plans. Daniel's parents were skeptical about his choice. They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities. Daniel decided to study business as well as philosophy.
Jimmy has plans to go to the car auction. He did not want to go by himself. He asked his wife to go with him. She agreed. Jimmy was very happy that he did not have to go alone.
Kelly and her friends decided to have a cookie challenge. They were competing for the best tasting cookies. The race was on. Kelly ended up winning. Her friends were disappointed.
Billy went to the zoo. He got to see lots of animals. He really liked the bears. The tigers scared him. Billy looks forward to going again.
Fred and Jacob were on their way to play some tennis. With their tennis rackets in hand, they rode the bus. They had to stand since the bus was already overcrowded. As the bus made a sharp turn, Fred's racket hit Jacob's elbow. They ended up having to go to the hospital to treat Jacob's elbow.
Michael likes to collect rare coins. One day Michael was walking down the street and spotted a coin. He picked it up and rushed home to inspect it. It turned out to be a very rare coin that he didn't have. His collection was becoming very big and he was proud of it.
We've all heard the rumor about the game box that plays all games. Well, Katy Williams has that Game Box. In the local Swap Meet, he saw a Play Station box that was different. He read it plays every video game on the Playstation website. He bought the unit, researched it, and found it's illegal to sell it.
My old Hyundai started having problems. One day I decided to go shopping for a new car. I visited local car lots and found a black Honda I wanted. I purchased the car for about $15,000. I am very happy with my purchase because it runs great.
As a little girl Laura dreamed of flying. After High School she enrolled in Flight Attendant School. She studied very hard and did all extra credit assignments. She graduated at the top of her class. Now she gets to fly around the world daily.
Kia was playing chess with her dad. She had won two games in a row. But then she started getting too sure of herself. She slipped up and made wrong moves. Her dad won the next three games!
Tom and Ben were middle school students. They were bored in class one day. They wanted to play games on their calculator but did not know how. They asked the smartest guy in the class and he showed them how. They then played games during class and were very happy.
Kelly wanted a new look. She always had mousy brown hair and glasses. Her friend Tina decided to help her. When Tina worked her magic, Kelly looked amazing. She couldn't believe her eyes.
Ann was giving her very first presentation at work. She made copies of her presentation deck to distribute. She had handwritten some points she wanted to make in the margin. After the meeting her boss told her she had one little error. She had handed out copies of the deck that included her notes.
Iva was a bridesmaid in her sister's wedding. She was a tomboy and never wore heels, so she feared she'd stumble. She practiced walking in them a few times beforehand. During the ceremony, she walked slowly and steadily. Thankfully, Ida did not even wobble in her high-heeled shoes!
Young Myron was used to being the center of his parents' lives. When his mother was pregnant, his parents tried to get him excited. But Myron was jealous, and was reluctant to see his new sister. When he saw her, he was shocked to feel tenderness towards the baby. Myron realized there were good parts to being a big brother too.
Carl had a new dog. He taught the dog how to bring in the newspaper. They practiced it every morning. Soon, the dog could do the job on his own. Every morning, the paper was waiting for Carl on the living room floor.
Bernie wore a fancy hat as he strolled through the park. It was a daily ritual for him. One day the weather was especially windy. A large gust of wind blew Bernie's hat off his head. He spent the next few minutes chasing after the tumbling hat.
Tonna had felt really bad lately. She had a cold she couldn't shake. She finally went and got tested for everything. Sadly, the doctor told her she had HIV. She was so devastated, that she went into a depression.
Joey's did not know his driver's license was due for renewal. The license expired in March. In July, Joey was pulled over for a burned out tail light. The policeman wrote him a ticket for driving on an expired license. In the following years, Joey always remembered to renew his license.
Ray wanted to have a family picnic. He packed sandwiches and drinks. Then he packed all the kids into the van. They drove to the park and sat on a blanket. Everyone enjoyed their picnic outdoors!
Amy was always into hip hop music. She could rap all her favorite songs. One day she decided to write her own rap. She went to a studio and recorded her own rap original. She uploaded it online and got tons of good feedback.
Jeff became the at a new company and started this week. This company was full of people who fought with each other a lot. Jeff took a conflict resolution seminar last year. He applied what he learned at the seminar to his new employees. Soon everyone was getting along and working together just fine!
I was bored. I decided to go kayaking. I went alone. The kayak capsized and I almost drowned. I realized I should go with a friend next time.
Victoria was a teacher and was watching the kids play. Suddenly she noticed the kids huddled on the field. She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass. She quickly told the kids to disperse. Then, she called animal control.
Tim couldn't find a pair of shoes. He looked everywhere in the house. Eventually he looked in the back yard. Tim realized his dog had taken them outside. Tim had to get a new pair.
My best friend used to knit a lot. She decided to quit. So, she sold all her yarn to me. Now, I have too much yarn. As a result, everyone I know will be getting knit hats for Christmas.
George tended not to remember much, but was otherwise sharp. His girlfriend, Katie, had to put a stop to this. She knew it would help them both and began her project. It was a programmable digital calendar that ran on many devices. She presented this to him and saw both their productivity soar!
I started a comedic barber shop quartet at college. We put on shows in the music department. We also incorporated a lot of improv comedy in out act. People really responded well to our music. Our harmonies weren't perfect, but our jokes were.
My sister in law Jan went to Greenfield, MA yesterday. Her sister Tina is bipolar and has been tense lately. Tina is seeing a doctor today. Jan stayed over last night so she could take Tina see the doctor. The family is hoping Tina will improve.
Jeanie was excited to go to sleepaway camp. Her parents helped Jeanie pack but didn't mention spending money. Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad's change bowl. Dropping her off at camp, her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars. Jeanie spent the money at the cantina but felt miserable.
Tom wanted to help his country. Tom was in really great shape. Tom was a trained fighter. Tom decided to try out for the Navy Seals. Tom became a Navy Seal.
Eric and Jared both work at a dairy farm. It is their job to harvest the crops for the cows to eat. One day last week Eric's chopper machine caught on fire. Jerod was able to get Eric away from the machine quickly. Eric suffered some minor injuries and is now back at work.
Lara had to clean the house! There was dirt everywhere! She scrubbed the dishes! She swept everything! Lara was happy that her house ended up very clean!
The football team was getting pumped up for the playoffs. They practiced hard every day. On game day, they huddled and started yelling. They were so excited! They played the best game of the season!
The girl went to an English school. She didn't know the language too well. She was sad about it. People made fun of her. It was because of her accent.
To Taylor girls were always a mystery. He always tried to make them like him but never could. He bought them flowers and chocolates. Eventually he found a girl who appreciated how sweet he was. The two of them became girlfriend and boyfriend as a result.
Anna had thrown parties in high school, but not as an adult. So her first dinner party as a wife was a nerve-wracking affair! But her guests were happy with her hors d'oeuvres. And the dinner itself blew them away! Anna was thrilled that her party had been a success!
Jason was at the mall with his mother. He let go of her hand to go look through a store window. When he turned back around, his mom was gone. He was scared until he heard her call his name. Jason spotted his mom and rushed back over to her with a smile.
Turbo the guinea pig lives in a daycare. Some of the younger kids did not know how to treat him nicely. The teacher made a plan that she would show them how to be nice. Everyday she would demonstrate how to be nice to the guinea pig. The guinea pig became less afraid of the children afterward.
We went to the best Mexican restaurant  on vacation. We ordered the tableside guac which was amazing. We had some margaritas that were great too. We then get flautas and fajitas. The food was so good and can't wait to go back.
Yaris was a psychopath. He decided to light his house on fire. He took a match and lit the living room on fire. Unfortunately, he forgot to exit the house. He died in the fire.
Will noticed a dark spot on his arm. Will's dad had a history of skin cancer. Knowing this, Will sent to see his doctor. Will was trembling with nerves when she looked him over. The doctor said that Will was fine, having developed a freckle!
Mason is terrible at basketball. He believes in himself. He challenged Adam to a competition. Mason tried his best. Mason lost the game.
Justin Hollingsworth invited me to our school 8th grade dance. I was so excited, I had a crush on him ever since 3rd grade. We dressed up in matching colors, I had a really nice time. That night he asked me to be his girlfriend. Ten years later me and Justin got married.
Ellie was a nurse. She worked with elderly people. One day an old woman kicked her in the face. She got a black eye. Her friends laughed at the irony of it.
Tom bought a pay per view for a big fight. He got really hooked into the first few fights. They were really exciting and hard fought. Tom thought the main event would be the same. Unfortunately it came out being a boring disappointment.
Mary's pet gerbil escaped from his cage. She looked all over the house but couldn't find him. Days later her mum noticed a scratching sound coming from the cooker. Mary laid a trap with Nibbles' favourite food as bait. Happily it wasn't long before Nibbles was caught and safely home.
Helen dropped her kids off at school. It was the first day of school. Helen drove to the coffee shop down the street. It was nice to relax with a cup of coffee. She had waited all summer for a quiet day!
David climbed to the very top of the tree. As he swayed on the branches, he saw his house in the distance. David felt like a king from that height and raised his arms high. He lost his balance however and fell crashing through the branches. As David hung dearly for his life, he realized not to do that again.
The sound of the monitor was annoying. I tried looking up a code to change it. I found one that made interesting sounds. I picked one that sounded like a cash register. I placed the code and went back to work.
The Smith family decided Friday they would start a weekly movie night. They were all very excited for Friday night to arrive. The Smiths ordered pizza and picked out a movie. They all found their spots and grabbed their blankets and pillows. The movie was good and they were all excited for next Friday.
Shelly loved staying up late and waiting for her dad. He worked for a restaurant that sold pies and cakes. She would wait to hear the car door close. She would run to the kitchen and pour two glasses of milk. Then her dad would come in and they would have some pie.
Bob is a family friend. He owns a goat farm in the county. Every Fall we go and visit Bob's farm. We feed the goats and milk them. It is very pretty in the country.
Tim was at the grocery store. He bought cereal and breakfast items. Unfortunately he forgot the milk. When Tim got home he wasn't able to eat anything. He had to return to the store to get the milk.
Hattie lived in Tennessee last year. She went there for college. She partied non stop while there. She drank way too much. She dropped out of school.
Jolene found a little turtle in her garden. She brought it home and put it in the sink. When her husband came home, he was startled. He wanted to wash his hand but a turtle was looking at him. To remedy the situation, they bought a basin for the turtle.
Ben came home late at night. He did not want to wake up his wife. He did not turn on the light. He slipped and fell down. His leg was broken.
Paula wanted to move to Denver, Colorado. She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area. She found work with a hotel in the city. She moved there and found the atmosphere amazing. Paula felt that she was living the dream.
I've been poor all my life. All I could afford to eat was Ramen. I won the lottery last month. I bought a huge house and a fabulous car. To top it off I bought many crates of Ramen.
Eric was having a bad day. So he decided to play his favorite video game. Suddenly, he began to feel better. And he forgot about all of the trouble he had. Eric decided to relax using video games more often.
Alyce was have trouble falling to sleep at night. Every night she was having nightmares about spiders. One day she saw a spider in her kitchen. She realized that it was very small and harmless. From that night on she was able to sleep peacefully.
I love socks with stripes. I bought every pair I could find. I wore them every day. Everyone noticed I wore the socks daily. Now everyone calls me Stripey Socks.
Terry was substitute teaching at school. The teacher had left him no instructions. He told the children to color in their coloring books. The children enjoyed having Terry as a sub. They were upset when their teacher came back.
Stanley bought himself a motorcycle for his birthday. When he went out for his first ride, he crashed into a telephone pole. An ambulance took Stanley to the hospital. The emergency room doctor found that he had a concussion. Stanley became too nervous to ride the motorcycle anymore.
Terrell considered himself to be a good thief. He could get what he wanted from stores like Wal-Mart and not pay. He'd take his daughter along and she would watch him steal. One day he caught her stealing a pack of gum from a store. He knew then that he had to stop stealing and do right.
Chuck had just started medical school. One day he decided to skip class to go swimming with a friend. Chuck dived into the pool and broke his neck. He had to quit school because he was paralyzed. Chuck was angry at his irresponsible decision to skip class.
Mike's old computer crashed. Technical support told him that there was nothing that could be done. Mike went shopping for a new computer. He carefully weighed several different options. Mike bought the best computer that fell within his budget.
Stan had a few talents up his sleeve. His best trick was his ability to stand on his hands. He could stay upside down for as long as he chose. It was tragic when he lost one of his hands. Now Stan is more impressive doing one handed hand stands.
The boy's mother took him to see an eye doctor. They did an exam on his eyes. Because he's autistic, they couldn't do the eye puff test. They prescribed him lenses. He picked out a pair of cool red frames.
Charles was 14-years-old and had been in Mexico for 30 days. It was time to return home, so he checked into a hotel. He arranged a six in the morning wake up call. The hotel workers didn't make the call. Charles missed his flight and had to buy another night in the hotel.
Sam had a cat. His friends had a dog. They went over and took their dog. Sam was afraid that the dog would scare his cat. Instead it was the other way around.
One day Jim was listening to music. Jim's brother liked to play tricks on him. He thought it would be funny to turn Jim's music up. He turned it up all the way. Jim went deaf.
I was working with my friends in my backyard. We were building a treehouse. I felt worthless because everyone was bigger and stronger than me. Suddenly, a tool fell under my house. Luckily, I was the only one small enough to get it.
Tim was diagnosed with cancer. He was given not so great odds. He decided to fight it. Chemotherapy was really tough. Tim kept fighting regardless.
Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight. She decides to stop eating carbohydrates. Rebecca finds her new diet very challenging. However, eventually she finds that she is losing weight. She is very happy that her diet is working.
I was not sure where to hang my new picture so I called for help. My friend came over to help me make the decision. We decided to put it by the fireplace. I like the location of the picture. I am glad I called my friend for help.
Sam and Christine wanted to take their children to Disney World. The packed up their car and drove down to Orlando, Florida. They checked into a fabulous hotel. They spent a week enjoying all of the Disney theme parks. The family had a wonderful time at Disney World!
Louis was a writer for The Simpsons. He was angry at his boss because they wouldn't air his jokes. Louie decided he was going to threaten to quit. His boss accepted his resignation. Louis regretted his decision while he packed his things.
Cindy went to her friend's house. And he had a pet turtle. Cindy asked her mom to buy her a turtle too. And eventually, her mom gave in. But in a few days, Cindy had no interest in her turtle.
Chris was always making things up. Last night, he told everyone that he dated a celebrity. No one believed him despite his conviction in the story. This morning we all then realised he was telling the truth. This was because we saw him having breakfast with Missy Elliott.
Ken had worked at his call center job for about a year. Then one day they called him in for a random drug test. Ken worried-he had smoked pot once, but it was only a month ago! But his fears were for naught. The test came back negative for all drugs!
The team had done well all season. A game with their biggest rivals was coming up. The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare. The boys were all exhausted but motivated. The hard work paid off in the end, and they defeated the rival team.
A high school classmate asked me to be his FB friend. We chatted for awhile. He a lot about me, and talked at length. I confessed I did not remember him at all. I apologized to him.
Sam wanted to bond with his dad. He tried starting conversations, but that never worked. Then he asked his dad to take him hunting. The two males spent a weekend alone in the woods together. When they returned, they were as close as brothers!
Tom's dog died recently. His parents tried to get him a new one. The new dog wasn't what Tom wanted. He never got attached to it like his old pet. Eventually the parents wound up taking care of the new dog.
The man hiked to the top of a mountain. He looked at the view all around him. He saw a small town in the distance. He plotted a course for that town. He got food and water in the town.
My friend Patty has had a very rough time so far this week. First, on Monday, she got a flat tire on her way to work. On Tuesday, she missed an appointment because she had to work late. Yesterday, she found out she's going to have to work on Thanksgiving. She's hoping this weekend will be easier than the rest of her week!
My cat was meowing at the window. I walked over to the window to see what the matter was. He was meowing at another cat that was outside the window. The other cat started jumping up at the window. I yelled at the other cat and closed the window.
Tom wanted to make a show. He started drawing and writing. He started putting stuff on youtube. It started to get popular. He got a email from a tv company.
Wendy had gone shopping. Returning home, she saw her neighbor outside. Wendy stopped and talked to her neighbor. She forgot her groceries in the car. Some of Wendy's groceries went bad in the heat.
Jerry fell in love with Peggy. He drove to her house to pick her up. Jerry hit a deer on the way there. Peggy saw the blood splattered all over the car. Peggy called 911 since she never had plans with creepy Jerry.
Flora wanted desperately to be a billionaire. She researched how current billionaires made their fortunes. After hours of research, her feelings had changed. She sat back in her chair, reflecting upon what she had discovered. She realized that becoming a billionaire was too much work for her.
My aunt was against using vaccines. She thinks they might not be safe. Whenever we talk we discuss the issue. She says she will look into it further. I am glad she is at least open minded about it.
Mike was having dinner with his parents. They started talking about politics, and Mike grew uncomfortable. His political views were much different than theirs. Mike tried to change the subject to avoid an argument. His parents agreed to not discuss politics until after the election.
I went to a restaurant with my friends. Me and another person got the endless shrimp basket. He got three refills. I only got two. It was a great choice.
Jimmy's first grade class went to the zoo on a field trip. There was so much to see! Jimmy's favorite exhibit was the otters. They were playing and splashing around like crazy. He couldn't wait to visit the zoo again.
An archeologist was studying some old ruins. His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it. When they entered the tunnel, they found a large barrier. They grabbed some dynamite and blew the entrance open. When they opened the wall, they saw that the tunnel was empty.
Miss Jackson made a hair appointment. Not one time in four years has she had her done professionally. Miss Jackson hair was so matted up and tangled. About three inches had to be cut off to comb through it. At the end , Miss Jackson has a wonderful hair style.
Jake kept hearing a beeping sound in his apartment. Eventually he found out it was his fire alarm. It needed new batteries. The sound was annoying. Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop.
Jean wanted to have a slumber party. She asked her mom if she could have some friends spend the night. After her mom agreed, Jean invited her four closest friends. Jean cleaned her room before they arrived. Jean had a great time with her friends that night.
Gina was taking the side streets to the store. It was a snowy day and it was during rush hour. The side streets were normally pretty empty. She wasn't expecting there would be any traffic. Today it seemed everyone had the same idea.
Ian had always wanted to write an article for his local paper. He decides to write an article about a newly opened restaurant. The local paper publishes his article. Ian feels very proud. He is happy that he wrote an article for his local paper.
I don't like going out on dates, but a good friend of mine insisted. She set me up on a blind date with this guy she knows from work. The entire date, all he did was talk about different voices he can do. He demonstrated every single character. I was so glad the date was over I gave the guy a fake number.
We were working so hard today that we didn't have time to stop. When we got hungry, we heated up leftover pizza. We worked into the late evening, before getting hungry again. Turned out all we had in the freezer was more pizza. I turned on the oven and resigned myself to more pizza.
Tim was going on a road trip with his family. They asked him if he had to pee before they left. Tim said no. Shortly after he felt the need to pee. His parents reprimanded him for it.
Ben wanted to write a story. He sat down with his notebook and pen. He brainstormed for about half an hour. Ben thought of several dozen ideas. He picked one, and started writing.
Jimmy was entering names into a database. He then spilt some water on his computer. His computer sparked and then turned off. Jimmy panicked. He realized he hadn't saved his work.
My son, Sam, was upstairs making all types of racket. I was downstairs when I saw Sam jump off the balcony. I ran towards him and caught my beloved child in mid-air. I asked him why on earth would he jump off the balcony. Sam said that I'm always saying I would never let him fall.
Sally wanted to get her mother a great gift for mother's day. But she couldn't afford anything cool. She tried as hard as she could to find something nice in her budget. When mother's day came around she cried because she had no gift. Her mother reassured her she only needed her love, not a gift.
The trip I took for my graduation was exciting, fun, and a life lesson. I went to so many exciting cities and ate lots of different food. I got lost in downtown San Diego, but ended up at the beach. I met the man I call my husband at that beach. I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day.
I went to buy an apple pie the other day. I went to Whole Foods to get one. They didn't have any more freshly baked pies when I got there. I was a little upset about that. I guess I'll just go back tomorrow morning to get one.
Jake had recently graduated college. He was having no luck finding a job. Jake applied to hundreds of companies online. They all rejected him. Jake had to work a part-time job in order to support himself.
Silya met a stranger at a club last week. She had unprotected sex with him that night. She woke up this morning feeling nauseous. Silya thought it was something she had eaten. She realized her period was late and became worried.
At the end of the school year we would spend all day outside. This particular year we were provided with sodas. There was no limit on them but water was encouraged. When it was time for tug of war my friend and I sat out. While everyone else played we filled our backpacks with sodas.
Becky had six of her best friends sleep over. After midnight, they decided to sneak out for a walk. They tiptoed behind a neighbor's house. Suddenly a light went on upstairs! Squealing, they ran back to Becky's house just in time.
Jerry was always messing up at work. His coworkers noticed that he did this. They started to blame every error and mistake on him. Jerry finally couldn't take how he was treated anymore. He decided to quit his job and retire early.
Pat enjoyed planting a garden every spring. She would work for weeks planning what she would plant. She had her plots all laid out. She waited patiently for the plants to sprout. The garden produced an abundance of vegetables for pat.
The woman was really excited. She had gotten tickets to a new musical. She arranged for a babysitter and made dinner reservations. On the night of the show, she got dressed up. She couldn't wait for a great night out!
Tom and greg were playing monopoly. They got really heated in the game. In the end, Tom won. Greg got very bitter about it. They stopped being friends.
Justin and Sally adopted a dog. The dog had too much energy for Justin and Sally to handle. Justin found out about dog day care. Justin and Sally signed the dog up. The dog got a ton of exercise and was very happy.
Ronald got in a fight with his wife. He needed to clear his mind. So, he gathered up the supplies and went fishing. He thought a lot about his wife while fishing. When he came back home he brought his wife flowers and apologized.
Lisa was having contractions. She went to the hospital. She was monitored but she was making progress. The hospital sent her home. Lisa was very disappointed.
Charles is poor, so when he finds money, he gets stoked. On his way home from Hollywood, he found $10 on steps. He bent down and picked it up. Suddenly, a Hispanic guys taps Charles and asks for the $10! Charles gave it to him but didn't trust it was really his.
Eloise went to the shore to meet the sailors on leave. She began dancing with a guy she thought was cute. Eloise had imbibed too many drinks and the uniforms looked the same. She realized she'd been dancing with three different men. She was put at ease when they all laughed about it.
Paige wanted to rent a movie for the evening. She went to the kiosk and found a great new film. When she got back to her room she realized she forgot the movie. Paige had to go back to the Kiosk and find the movie. Then she went home and relaxed and watch it.
A barber went to a new town to set up a shop. Many people came in to get their hair cut. All the hair fell to floor and made a mess. The barber was too busy to clean it up. The barber hired one of the townspeople to sweep the hair.
I worked in a hotel for a few years. One day a guest accused me of stealing her personal products. I, flabbergasted, refuted the claim. She pursued it with my boss. My boss checked the surveillance and she was found to be lying.
Cameron was a good kid, but he had a horrible attitude. Any time he didn't get his way, he would become disrespectful. He would call names and mouth other kids and his teacher. One day this behavior caught up with him. He got suspended from school for being so rude and disrespectful.
Jim was extremely bored on Sunday. He decided to go to a convention. A Star Trek convention was being held near a Star Wars convention. Jim was tired of Star Wars. He decided to got to the Star Trek convention.
Yvonne was walking through a field on her grandparents farm. She saw a black figure in the distance. She chased the figure and saw it was a bear. Yvonne ran home as fast as she could. She now is scared to go to that field.
Nate noticed he could double up on a coupon. It stacked with a sale that was going on. He was able to buy two cereal boxes. At the register the coupons and sales all added up. Nate actually got it all entirely for free.
Yesterday I tried to make dinner for my boyfriend. I chose a recipe from this month's cooking magazine. At the market, I couldn't find all of the ingredients. Making substitutions, the dinner tasted disgusting. My dog wouldn't even eat it after I threw it out.
Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.
The lights went out at work. The room was completely dark. The manager asked where a flashlight was. A worker said it was over there. The manager yelled that he couldn't see him pointing.
I went through rush in college. It was a stressful but fun time. I ended up pledging a sorority. I made many friends. It was the best time of my life.
Jimmy was having difficulty in his history class. He kept failing every test no matter how hard he studied. Jimmy decided to drop his history class. He signed up for a painting class instead. Jimmy was able to get an A in his painting class.
We heard about being able to see the Christmas Story house in Ohio. We drove up for the day to see it. It was snowing out, so the view was similar to the movie. The house was actually very small, but identical to the movie. It is something we are interested in revisiting in the future.
Dan wanted to run in a marathon. Dan began watching what he ate and working out. Dan ran in a couple of 5-K runs. Dan entered himself into the Boston Marathon. Dan finished the marathon!
Kim had messy hair. She tried to brush it but she didn't do a good job. Her mother scolded her and brushed it herself. Kim screamed and cried. Kim's hair was always a source of tension for them.
I was driving down the road one rainy night after dark. I saw two small kittens sitting in the middle of the road. I pulled my car over and caught both of them. I took them to the vet the next day for some shots and care. I decided to keep them and they are my new family members.
In the cafeteria, everyone was eating. One kid threw his food at his friend. It missed and hit someone else. This started a food fight. In the end, security guards had to intervene.
Two janitors were anxious to leave the school and go home. There was still one job to do but it only required one janitor. The two janitors flipped a coin to see who would stay. One janitor flipped the coin and it hit the ground. The coin eventually settled on tails.
Bob was unhappy at his job for a long time. One day, Bob quit his job and went home. The next day, he went to the bank and got a business loan. Bob set up a burger restaurant, and started getting lots of customers. Now bob is very happy!
Ari was a girl I once knew. We dated for a while but she had to go away. Out of the blue one day she said she couldn't talk to me any longer. I sent a bunch of inquisitive messages but she never responded. She went from the closest person in my life to stranger in an instant.
Tyler is starting school at a nearby university today. He decides that he should pack a lunch for his first day. Tyler makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He eats it between classes at school. He is happy that he had something to get him through the first day.
The weather was so hot, the kids didn't want to play outside. They stayed inside and ate popsicles. They talked about going to the pool, but it was even too hot for that. They checked the weather. It was supposed to cool off later, thankfully.
Tom really hated smoking. His friend was addicted. He would always try to smoke in Tom's car. It really made Tom angry. He eventually refused to drive his friend anywhere.
There was a contest at a church youth group. Alison wanted to win. They said you could not touch anyone. If you did you had to kiss them. The best dancer won the contest.
Barry was sitting and waiting for the bus. He put his hand underneath the bench he was sitting on. Barry felt a strange substance. There was a gum under his seat. Barry was disgusted.
For Isabel's 21st birthday, she and her friends decided to go to Vegas The four girls could not wait to arrive at the city's destination. The girls arrived at the Palms Hotel and Casino to settle down. Isabel's highlight of the trip was the hotel restaurant that was good. To her delight, Isabel and her friends had a fantastic time.
Sam was driving to class. He noticed a text on his phone. He was about to answer it. He then decided to wait until after he was driving. He got to school and checked it there.
Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics. She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation. When it was her turn to walk the balance beam, she was shaking. Ellie took a deep breath and thought of the brave Olympic champions. Their inspiration helped Ellie find her balance and walk strongly.
Jason wanted a new bike. He went to the bicycle store. He tried out many bicycles. He found a red one that he really liked. Jason rode his new bicycle home from the store.
I decided to walk to an art showcase. I looked up the route via my GPS application. It told me it would take fifteen minutes. I left and ended up being thirty minutes late. I had forgotten to switch from driving to walking in the settings.
One day I woke up and was very ill. I had a very bad stomach condition and had to go to the doctor. I went to an urgent care clinic and was just told to lay in bed. The doctor also asked me to hydrate so I did. I drank lots of water and eventually felt a lot better!
On a pretty summer afternoon Betty walked to town. She always loved to take long walks. One day it began to rain really hard. As she continued to walk in the rain the weather got worse. Luckily her neighbor was driving and stopped to give her a ride.
Will made a video of himself singing like Elvis Presley. Will uploaded the video to his Youtube channel. Will's video was seen by the producers of a TV singing competition. The producers invited him to be a contestant on the show. Will won the competition!
Jimmy loved peanut butter sandwiches. He loved them so much, he thought he could eat them forever. He ate five whole sandwiches. After he did this, his stomach started to hurt terribly. He vowed never to eat so many sandwiches again.
John was on a first date. They were sitting silence. John felt awkward. John turned on music. Music lightened the mood and made him more comfortable.
Becky really wanted the new tlc album. She searched everywhere for it. She could not find it. It was already sold out. Finally she found it on sale somewhere.
Norma realizes that she doesn't eat vegetables very much. She knows that her body needs the nutrients found in leafy greens. Norma decides to eat a salad at least twice a week at work. She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel. Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits.
Every Sunday morning my Grandma makes pancakes for breakfast. Today she is teaching me how to mix the batter. First we must measure the ingredients very carefully. Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up. Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun.
Bill had a rival at his High School. They both loved the same girl. One day Bill and his rival got into a fight. Bill pulled out a knife and stabbed his rival. Bill is now in prison.
At my grandparents cabin in Colorado the water is wonderful. It is so much different than the water in Albuquerque where I live. It is so cold that you don't need ice. It is the perfect temperature for making your little brother scream. Especially when you pour it over his head while he is sleeping!
Jim was a film buff who loved horror movies. He decided to rent a video at the store. He had seen all the horror films in stock. He pondered whether to check out a non-horror film. He decided against it and felt satisfied he saved some money.
Sam is a comedian. He was selected for a nationwide comedy tour. On the road, his colleagues realized that he is a slob to live with. They tried bribing him, but Sam just wouldn't clean up after himself. After Sam refused to clean, they kicked him off of the tour.
Ronnie had a big crush on Sammie. He decided to ask her out. They dated for several months. One day Ronnie told Sammie he thought her feet were ugly. They broke up immediately.
The delivery man handed a box to Gen. She was excited since her new shoes were inside of it. Once she tried the shoes on, she couldn't make them fit. She spent hours trying to fix it but made no improvements. As a result, she returned the shoes the next day.
Ron had a date with a girl. He invited her to his house. He wanted to cook for her. He cooked some steaks and some veggies. She enjoyed the food and date and called him to date more.
Lisa built a fence around her house. SHe installed a gate with a motion detector. When Lisa pulled up to it, a sensor would open the gate. She was thrilled with the new feature. Lisa felt very secure behind the gate.
Arthur was at the state fair with his friends. He bought a lot of fried food. Then he went to go play the carnival games. He was not very good at the games and wasted a lot of money. Arthur left the fair feeling very angry.
Tom liked really weird music. He was dating a girl with different tastes. Every time they hung out they argued over what to listen to. Tom was more open to it over all. Eventually his girlfriend controlled the playlists more.
Tyrone looked up from the map. He admitted he had no idea where they were. They kept wandering through the woods. Eventually they came upon a stranger speaking another language. Tyrone realized they had crossed the border into Kazakhstan.
John was dating a twin. One day he showed up at her house for a date. Instead of his date, his date's sister showed up at the door. Without realizing it wasn't her, John leaned in to give her a hug. She simply laughed and called over her sister.
Fran just landed in Thailand for her grand one month trip abroad. As she stepped outside of the airport, it was very rainy. Fran had come during the monsoon season. She got out her raincoat and looked excited for her adventure. Fran surged forward and explored the streets of Bangkok.
Dave and his dad loved to go fishing. Most of all, they loved to go fly fishing on the river. They put on their big waders and went out into the water. They were very skilled with their fishing rods. Both Dave and his dad caught many trout that day.
Mario loves Mexican food and his favorite is a taco. He has become a master at making tacos in his house. I've been over to his house and he as made them for me. They are some of the best tacos I've ever had in my life. I told Mario he should run a taco stand and make money.
Jack had an old toy box in his room. He used to hide his favorite toys inside of it. One day he decided to hide inside the toy box. He became locked in the box and couldn't get out. His mother was able to help him climb out of the toy box.
My dog sheds a lot. I find dog hair everywhere it seems. When I try to brush him he tries to eat the hair that brushes off. So last night I tried while he was asleep. It worked, and I think I can craft another dog with the hair.
A young girl was at the grocery store after work one night. She had made a list and wanted to hurry home. When she was looking at the list a man bumped into to her. She looked up and smiled. The man then asked her out to dinner.
Last Tuesday I bought an ice cream cake for a kid's birthday. I got it early in the morning. I then ran some errands I had forgotten about earlier. By the time I got to the party the cake had melted. Everyone was disappointed in me.
Cami had been at her first office job for about a year. Her boss called her into the office. Cami trembled-was she being reprimanded, or even fired? But no-her boss was saying that every year, workers got merit raises! Cami's work was done well, so she was getting a 74-cent hourly raise!
Betty was a middle aged stay at home mom. She was out one day running a few errands for the house. She decided to pick up a lottery ticket. She went back home and forgot about the ticket. Betty watched the drawing and couldn't believe her eyes when Won!
I said hi to a small girl who's waiting in line. She looked at me with a mean grin. She also kicked me in the face. I fell on my shopping card. All of the supplies can out of the cart.
Mike was very picky about everything. He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school. So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday. Everyone noticed him lugging the chair around. And he became known as the chair carrier.
Kim was enjoying her french fries during lunch. She asked her friend to pass her the salt. The friend pretended to reach for the salt shaker. Instead he grabbed the sugar shaker. Kim was very confused when she took a bit once putting sugar on.
Molly went to the dance but didn't go with anyone. She was in the corner because nobody asked her to dance. After a couple hours, one boy came and asked her to dance. That boy, Mike, ended up being the popular kid in school. People were amazed he picked Molly to dance, Molly was soo happy.
Abigail got her school lunch menu. Her mom asked her to mark days she would eat hot lunch. Abbey went through the calendar. She put a mark on all of the meals she wanted. Then, her mom hung the calendar on the door.
Tom was a professional motorcycle racer. He would enjoy taking long trips. He decided to pack his bags for a long trip. Tom took off on a long trip. Tom had an amazing time on his road trip adventure.
Randall did not want to pay his rent. He told his landlord he was at the hospital. His landlord did not believe him. Randall has used this excuse three times. He is getting an eviction notice from his landlord.
John woke up on the beach not remembering who he was. John looked at his belongings. John found a car key. John used the car key to find out the car. John remembered who he was from his things in the car.
Truman went to an overnight soccer camp. He did not know any of the other boys at the camp. Soon he made several friends with the campers. They had a great time playing soccer together. Truman was glad that he went to the camp.
Josh and Liz had wanted a baby. They had been trying for a few months. They had not had any luck. One day, Liz took a test. She was pregnant and could not wait to tell Josh.
George sat on his bed and it collapsed to the floor. George slept on the couch that night and was very uncomfortable. He went to the store and picked out a new bed. The delivery men came and set up the new bed. George slept in his new comfortable bed that night.
Tom was the class clown in high school. There was a talent show at his school. He looked forward to the talent show. He created an act for the show. He performed the act at his high school talent show.
Tim had medical insurance. Unfortunately he forgot to make his payment one month. Tim noticed when they tried to charge him a lot for his medicine. Tim called in to complain. They told him the problem and he rectified it immediately.
Gidget liked to watch birds. She wanted to get a set of binoculars for bird watching. On her birthday, Gidget's Dad got her a nice set of binoculars. Gidget could now watch little birds who roosted in high trees. Gidget quickly became very knowledgeable about bird habitats.
Gina wanted a new hat like in a music video. But Target didn't have them. She went to the mall with her cousins. One store had the hat she wanted but it was $30. Since Gina only had $20 she decided to save her money and come back.
I wanted to get a new backyard fence. I hired a general contractor. I didn't realize how loud the remodeling would be! My neighbors got mad at me and complained to the HOA. The HOA fined me for noise disturbance.
When I was little, I thought I had big feet. My feet had actually just grown ahead of the rest of me. I got roller skates for my birthday, and they were big. The rest of my body started growing and my feet stopped. Now I still have those roller skates and they still fit.
Sam wanted to watch a movie. There were three new ones. He didn't know much about them. He decided to look up previews online. After seeing them Sam picked one.
John went to college for four years. He struggled to get a job after he got out. His college debt still needed to be paid. John took any work he could get. He spent more times paying debts than finding a career.
Amy was trying to decide if she should call Ella. Amy had a crush on Ella's brother Ray. Amy spent the whole weekend waiting for Ray to call. Sunday night Amy found it odd Ella hadn't called either. Amy decided they were teasing her and she was done with them.
Biff liked to be a bully at school. He would always push people around. One day he pushed the wrong person. It was Tim who he pushed that day. Biff got a black eye because of his actions.
Janice realizes her toenails have grown long and dirty. She decides to clip them short. Janice spends the afternoon clipper her toenails. She is glad that they are short now. Janice is proud not to have long dirty toenails.
Kate was an intern with a documentary film company. She completed a major editing project ahead of schedule. Her boss called her into his office the next day. He offered her a full-time paid position with the company. She accepted the position to become a professional editor.
Patty had taken up sewing. She was working on a dress. Her sewing machine was hard at work when suddenly it stopped. She needed a new one! She had to wait to finish the dress until she got a new machine.
Jeff bought a foreclosed house for a cheap price. He fixed it up and put it up for rent. He found renters to signed a five year lease. Every month Jeff makes a profit from the renters. Jeff puts all his profits into his savings for his retirement.
Natalie saw a zebra at the zoo. She thought its stripes were so amazing! She stared at it for a long time. She took a few pictures to remember it by. Zebras were soon her favorite animal.
Tina really wanted this expensive cream. She wanted to use it for her face. It was too expensive though. So Tina bought something cheaper. Tina ended up finding something half the cost.
Samantha was helping her mom put up Christmas ornaments. All of a sudden, she dropped an ornament. The ornament shattered all over the ground. Samantha had to clean up the mess afterwards. She was able to help her mother finish the job after.
Noelle asked her dad for some ice cream from the truck. Dad denied Noelle's request not wanting to spoil dinner. Noelle began to cry and stomp her feet. Dad also began to stomp his feet and pretend to cry. Noelle laughed and forgot all about the ice cream.
Mia and Susan were going for a walk at the park. On their way back Mia noticed she had lost her keys. Susan helped Mia to find her keys. They found the keys on the bench they were sitting earlier. Mia was relieved that they found the keys and both walked home.
Tom was out with friends all day. His mom kept trying to call him. Tom didn't notice because his phone battery was dead. When he noticed he charged it right up. He saw the messages and knew he was in trouble.
Mary was learning to play her piano but not getting better. She talked to her teacher who explained that practice makes perfect. The teacher went over multiple lessons and helped Mary out. Mary went home and began playing but still had trouble. She smashed the piano keys with her hands and broke a finger.
Jay had always wanted to clean his garage. However, Jay always procrastinated on this. A hurricane swept over and flooded his house. Now Jay could no longer delay. He discovered it was mostly junk anyways!
Ben coached a youth football team. He had the kids run two laps before every practice. One boy fell when running his laps. The boy skinned his knee badly. Ben called the boy's parents.
Amy was being transferred to another store. She thought she would simply start working at the new place. The boss at the new job told her she needed to interview first. Amy went to the interview assuming she would start work soon. Amy was shocked when the new store didn't hire her.
John and Sarah sat next to each other during a math test. Somehow, they ended up getting the same answers wrong. But they did not copy each other. Their teacher failed both of them. And John and Sarah could do nothing about it.
Timberly Johnstein was bad at baseball. All the girls would laugh at her inability to hit. Timberly couldn't figure out why, so she just trained harder. She trained so hard she was able to hit home runs. She scored a grand slam at their inaugural game.
This is the second time Rick has taken this final. The first time Rick failed, but this time, Rick is prepared. This time Rick chose to study instead of party. This time Rick has confidence to beat this test. Rick was able to pass the class this time.
When I was in high school we had a substitute teacher. The guy was not used to dealing with kids. So, the kids walked all over him. I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days. So, I was not surprised when he quit.
One time I was in a discipleship school. We liked to play pranks on each other. One night a bunch of us got together and started planning. We decided to put potatoes under someone's pillow. As soon as she lay down she was surprised by the potatoes.
So, before it got too cold, we decided to try fishing at a local pond. We called the owner and asked if it would be ok. The owner was delighted to have us over to fish and joined us. Once we arrived, we spent some time fishing for bass. It didn't take long before we caught one!
I couldn't find any good pictures of myself. I always thought I looked too fat in the ones I had. I decided to take a new one. I posed in the bathroom mirror. I thought I looked cute for a change.
Rachel wanted to make some cookies for her friends. She got the dough out and put it in the oven. While she was waiting, she decided to talk in the phone. An hour went by and Rachel smelled smoke. She then immediately looked at the cookies and they were ruined.
Flynn had his birthday at the local pool. He invited all his friends from school. Flynn's dad ordered pizza for everyone. Flynn and his friends tried to see who could do the best dives. It was the best birthday Flynn had ever had.
Roy was driving to a friend's house to work on a project. And he was already late. He became lost and never found the house. And it was too late to work on the project. But Roy found out that his teacher extended to the due date.
Peter was working on house repairs. He had just painted one of the rooms in his house. Peter walked back to look at the room. He stepped back into one of the walls he had painted. Peter got paint all over the back of his shirt.
Bill always wanted to take up golfing. He had never played before and didn't know how. He partnered with a buddy who was a pro and got some free lessons. Bil struggled at first but after much practice got a lot better. Now Bill gives golfing lessons of his own.
The teacher introduced us to his class and asked to take a seat. I stumbled across a few bleachers in order to find some space. Since I wasn't familiar with anyone, I felt awkward. Someone suddenly shouted my name out loud. I noticed that it was my high school friend, Elena.
Two fishermen were crab fishing in the deep sea. It became cloudy and they could not see land anymore. The fishermen stressed and called the police. A helicopter arrived shortly for the fishermen. The fishermen were rescued.
Connie loves making crafts for the holidays. This year she decided to make ornaments. She used wine corks that she had been saving to make them. While she was cutting a piece of cork she cut her finger. She is much more cautious while using the scissors now.
Bill hiked a long trail by himself. Night began to fall so he looked for shelter to sleep under. He found a campsite for a large group of hikers. rainy began to fall as he set up his tent. He was alone in the tent but he felt together with nature.
Lori went on a car trip  with her family. During the ride she felt car sick. Lori started to throw up in the car. Lori's husband stopped the car to give her a plastic bag. Lori tried to throw up inside the plastic bag whenever she felt sick.
Jimmy had never scored a goal on his soccer team. The season would end soon and he knew he wanted to score. At the final game of the season, the coach let Jimmy play. Jimmy scored his first goal! Jimmy was so happy that he had scored before the season ended.
Today, the zoo might close if not enough people come to visit. The zoo organized all its best workers to be there. The workers tried their best to keep everyone entertained. Slowly throughout the day, more people came to visit. Eventually, a record number of visitors were there and the zoo lived.
On March 8, 2013, we decided to go to a restaurant. We could not start the car. A door was ajar overnight and the battery died. We got a jump and ran the car for an hour. By then it was too late to go to the restaurant.
Last week I had a doctor's appointment. It was at 3pm but he was running late. He didn't see me until 5. By that time I was really frustrated. He didn't care and rushed through everything anyway.
Janet was complaining to Jerry about her cheating boyfriend. Jerry recommended that she should break up with him. The next day, Jerry arrived to school. He saw Janet walking around campus. Her boyfriend's arms were around her.
Gina was home alone and bored. She decided to walk to the park. There was no one at the park. She turned to leave. And came face to face with a big, loose dog.
Jim wanted to go buy some new comics. He searched around for good comic stores in his town. He unfortunately couldn't find any stores. He asked me if I know of any, and I gave him one. He went the next day and bought his comics.
Dan was 9 and his brother Rob was 5. On Rob's birthday he received a Power Wheels truck. Dan was shocked since he always wanted, but never got one. Dan asked his dad why Rob got one and he didn't. Dan's dad explained Dan was too old for a Power Wheels truck.
Every fork was dirty in Chris' kitchen. He was too lazy to wash anything. To eat his pasta he used a knife instead. He brought the knife to his mouth and pasta slipped off. The pasta sauce got all over Chris's clothes.
Timothy worked on a demolition crew. His job was to run the crane with the large wrecking ball on it. He would swing it back and forth. Eventually there would be nothing left standing of the building. Then the clean up crew would come by and pick up the rubble.
Bali thought her new classmates would make fun of her name. She was sure she'd have a hard time making friends at her new school. But on her first day, she met a girl named India! Then she met a Brooklyn and even an Asia! Bali's unique name turned out to be very popular and fashionable!
A poor, lonely man was doing mTurk HITs. One batch required the formation of coherent stories. The Requester was a publisher who worked with famous authors. Discovering the man's remarkable hidden talent, she requested a novel. The advance was $150,000, and the novel was a bestseller.
Betty had performed in plays since girlhood. Now as an adult, she wanted to star in movies. She moved to Hollywood and started auditioning. It took months, but finally a producer called her back. He offered her the role of female lead in his next film!
Gina needed to go to bed. But her neighbors were having a party. She heard a knock on the door. And her neighbor's offered her food. Gina refused it and told them to be quiet.
We all knew something big was about to happen at work. There were lots of whispers and speculation about what. The President of the company called a big meeting. He announced we were buying an online gaming app company! Everyone was excited about the new company and opportunities.
Chris invited two of his friends over to watch Netflix. Chris saw Netflix's website was down. Chris and his two friends looked at each other puzzled. The three boys refused to sit in silence. The boys decided to go outside and play.
The boy was playing on the farm. He saw the cutest goat! He started to pet it. The goat nuzzled him. The boy wished he had his own boat!
Martin didn't like doing his homework. One day he decided to pay Will to do his homework for him. Martin enjoyed not having to do his homework. It didn't take long for Martin's bad decision to catch up with him. When test time came Martin had no know of the material and failed.
Desmond had been following the forecast in the news. There was a strong hurricane building on the coast. Desmond had prepared his home and stocked up with emergency supplies. The hurricane weakened and became a mild storm. Desmond did not need to use his emergency plan or supplies.
Jason was at summer camp. He wasn't having any fun at all. His counselor noticed and offered to find him an activity. They tried a few things before he settled on archery. Finally Jason was having a bit of fun.
Roxy spends a lot of time alone. Even though she is married. She barely talks to her husband. She didn't think this was an issue. But she now realizes she is lonely.
The other day I was working the cash register. A company bought a phone with cash. It wasn't until after he left that I noticed the bills were fake. I told my supervisor immediately. They had to call it in the proper authorities.
Cam went to the beach to relax. He put out his blanket and set up his chair. In the distance a boat sailed across the sea. Cam waved at the boat and tried to see if they waved back. He squinted hard but didn't see anything.
Two police officers were on patrol for the evening. The younger of the duo fought the urge to fall asleep. In order to help him stay awake, his partner stopped to get fast food. They got some some much needed refreshments at the the drive thru. When they were done eating, they resumed their patrol.
Kay was a popular girl. She was out at the mall with her currently boyfriend of the week. At the mall, she passed by a group of boys. Kay realized she had dated half of the boys in the group. Kay went back home and felt proud to be popular.
The man set the clock for one hour ahead. The next morning he went to work. He was the first one there. He had set it forward on the wrong day. He was a little bit tired for the rest of the day.
Will's middle school kid came home with a black eye. Will asked the kid what happened. Will learned that there was a bully at school. Will went to the school and told the principal about what happened. The bully got suspended.
One day, in 1973 I bumped into some Scientologists. Their center was near my college. They invited me into the center. When I got near the lobby I panicked and left. I have never talked to any Scientologist since that time.
Todd went to his kitchen to get a drink. He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room. He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv. While watching tv, Todd relaxed and knocked his glass over. The glass shattered on the floor and Todd had to clean it up.
A group of high school friends played football after school. They decided to ask their favorite teacher to join them. The teacher hit the hardest out everyone. Everyone had fun getting muddy and playing the game. Everyone grew closer thanks to the game of football.
Lee knew his dad wanted a new suit for Christmas. Lee looked everywhere, but suits were so expensive! The only suit he could afford was secondhand. He bought the suit and gifted it to his dad. And his dad loved the suit just as much as if it were brand new!
Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art. One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend. Her friend helped her appreciate the art that she otherwise might not. Rhonda went home feeling grateful and satisfied. She felt that she understood modern art a little bit better.
Stan decides he would like to volunteer his time. He begins serving food at his local soup kitchen. At first Stan finds the experience uncomfortable. However, eventually he beings to love it. Stan is glad that he has become a volunteer.
MY shoes were getting very worn and smelly. I decided that I should get some new shoes. I wasn't sure what brand to get but really liked Adidas. I went to the mall with some friends and looked around. Adidas was so expensive that I ended up buying Nike!
Shawn needed money. So he got his old junk. He decided he would do a yard sale and sale all of us junk. On Sunday he did his yard sale. He earned plenty of money.
Frankie was riding her bike. She didn't know where to ride next. Randomly, she decided to ride to her grandma's house. She arrived there and surprised her grandma. Then, her grandma made her some food.
Sandy was watching a video on shadow figures. Sandy decided to try out some of the shadow figures. At first, Sandy was very horrible at it. Sandy kept practicing the figures on the video. Sandy was eventually able to make various shadow figures.
Gil has grown up in a family of fishermen. His father and grandfather have been taking him fishing every weekend. When he grows up, he wants to work on a commercial fishing boat. That's what his father and grandfather do. He can't wait to take on the family tradition.
Jennifer was so hungry. She had been out running errands all day. She decided to get a pizza. Jennifer took the pizza home. She enjoyed it with her family.
Henry was writing a story for his English class. But he had trouble making progress on it. He kept criticizing his ideas. And after several hours, he only had a few sentences on his paper. But Henry could not help being so critical.
The band was on tour. They had a fancy new tour bus. It had a kitchen and separate bedrooms. The bus was a great way to travel. They spent months in it on tour.
The rainy came down relentlessly, making it hard to see. Ted did his best to keep in the middle of the road. He slowed down quite a bit upon approaching a sloping corner. Ted began to lose control of the back end of his car. The car's all-terrain tires gripped and saved Ted from a disaster.
Carlie and Destani went to the store buy a television. The two women chose the size they wanted then asked for help. The associate covered the various features of several brands. After determining what they wanted in a new TV the women made a choice. The television was delivered yesterday and the women are loving it!
Lars was on a boat in the Philippines. He saw a dugong. He jumped off the boat and swam up to it. It was very timid and swam away. Lars never saw a dugong again.
Jenny had just lost her old cat named Fred. Fred died at the age of 13 so Jenny wasn't shocked. Jenny was pretty sad and depressed for a while. Jenny's friend came over with a new cat one day. She loved the new cat and named it Fritz.
Dustin was great at creating web pages. He would work around the clock to make beautiful pages for clients. One client demanded a page with just a 24 hour turnaround. Dustin was so swamped, he stole a website from another client. The clients both found out and fired him.
My friend and I were playing video games. We got a text asking if we had heard the news. We went on the computer and checked the news' website. We saw there was a shooting and then turned on the television. We decided to stop playing video games and watch the news on tv.
Judy didn't have much money for a prom dress. She found one at a thrift store that was three sizes too big. So she borrowed her grandma's sewing machine. She altered the dress until it fit perfectly. Everyone at the prom thought she looked great.
Johnny was an elementary school student. He wanted a dog like his neighbor had. His mother said he could have a cat. John got a cat and loved the cat very much. The cat made John very happy growing up.
Lolita wanted to organize a taco night for her family. She bought a bunch of fresh ingredients. She prepared the meat and vegetables. At the last second, she realized she forgot to buy taco shells. So it became ground-beef-and-assorted-veggies night instead.
I suffered a stroke in October of 2011. I could not walk for five weeks. I had to learn how to drive again. I took special courses from a driving school, and took a road test. I was very proud to pass my road test and get my license.
Jane drove home from work. She was a bit later to arrive home than usual. There was a mysterious package sitting outside her door. She brought it inside her apartment. The package was a gift from her parents for her belated birthday.
May hoped it wouldn't rain for her birthday party. The party was outdoors and rain would spoil it! But the night before her party, storm clouds threatened. She went to bed unhappy and not hopeful. Then, the next morning, she woke to clear blue skies!
Alison was playing in the park. She started playing near some rocks. Suddenly, she felt something painful. She looked down at her ankle. There, she saw a bee sting.
Rita always loved foxes. If Rita could she would be a fox. One day at the store she saw clip on fox tails. She purchased the tail, and wore it to school. Everyone at school then bought the tails and wore them.
John got himself into a burger cooking competition. He was up against a lot of good local chefs. He came up with a recipe he thought could win. He cooked it to perfection on the day of the competition. John won a very commendable second place.
Martha and her husband wanted a baby. Unfortunately they couldn't get one. They tried everything. But it was to no avail. So they decided to adopt instead.
Andy was the quarterback on the high school football team. During practice, the team was being rough. Andy was tackled really hard. His arm was broken in the tackle. Andy had to sit out the rest of the season.
Kelly had her first soccer game yesterday. It was a close game but Kelly's team won. When the game was over, they got trophies. Kelly's said most valuable player. She went home and put it on her desk.
I was getting ready for my sister's wedding. I need to buy a tuxedo for the wedding. I went to my favorite store in the mall to shop for one. The tuxedos were expensive, but nice looking. I ended up buying a standard black tuxedo.
Andy wanted to incorporate some vegetables into his daughter's dinner. Andy decided he would put mixed vegetables into her macaroni. Andy mixed the food together, and gave her the food. However, Andy's daughter immediately told him she did not want it. Andy knew she did not want it because of the vegetables in there.
Anna went to the zoo. She saw an animal called an aardvark. She thought it was the cutest animal ever! She learned about its feeding and habitat before she left. Anna couldn't wait to return and see the aardvark again.
Michael had a poor educational background, but wanted to be a doctor. He had to go out of country to pursue further schooling. After getting good grades, schools accepted him from his country. He continued to do very well in school. Michael is now a surgeon and is very successful.
Wade was not a big drinker. He was at a sales meeting with an open bar. Wade was trying to show off to a couple of friends and drank to much. He got very sick and went to his room. The next day he could not make the sales meeting.
Francis, an elderly and frail man, was moved by charity solicitations. He replied to every request with a check for one dollar. Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists. Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up. His daughters were dismayed to find his bank account depleted.
Reese decided to buy a car. First she visited the car dealership in town. Not finding what she wanted, she began to search online. After a day she found the perfect car, located across the country. After speaking with the seller, she is having it shipped to her.
My mom brought me to the pet store. She said that I could pick out any pet. I decided to choose a pitbull. She was surprised by my choice. We took the pitbull home.
Nick was working in an office. His boss asked him to file a report. He was caught off guard by this request. He struggled to complete it in time. Eventually, he completed the report.
Ronny had broken up with his girlfriend. He kicked her out the house. Ronny's girlfriend refused to give him back the house key she had. Ronny went to the hardware store for a replacement lock. He replaced the locks and keys.
Cal ordered some Chinese food on his way home. He gorged himself on the addictive fried noodles and pork. He ate so much he slipped into a contented carb coma. After a little snooze, Cal lumbered into the kitchen. He couldn't help having just one more piece of sweet and sour pork.
Bill lived in a small apartment with very little furniture. He wanted to buy a new sofa but didn't know where to go. He found an ad in the newspaper and called the store. Bill headed down to the furniture place. He bought his new sofa and took it home that day.
Jennifer did not know how to drive in a traffic circle. Her habit was to take the route through town that avoided them. Her best friend told her that it wasn't hard, offering to show her. They drove through all the traffic circles in town that day. Jennifer realized that her friend was right!
Everyone was relaxing inside of the house. The electricity immediately went off. I tried to use my phone's light to look around. I found out that there's no problem with our electrical switch. The neighbors told us that there's no power around the neighborhood.
Timmy wanted to buy his first car. He had saved up money for the past year. He went to the car dealership. He picked out a black colored coupe that he really liked. Timmy brought the car on the spot after he drove it.
Jordan is moving today. She needs help moving her stuff. One of her friends offered to help. They moved her stuff all day. Jordan is now in her new home.
My mom and I had a big argument. For one week I refused to see her or speak with her. She called me many times, but I never answered the phone. Soon I started to feel very guilty. I finally called my mom and the two of us reconciled.
Alice wanted to get rid of her tattoo. She was not having it. So she went to get it done. Alice was in pain. She still had to get more done.
I got a knock on my door. I walked down to the post office lady. She handed me a box. It was a new internet router. I never opened it.
My desk was very untidy one day. I began to pick up all of the loose paper. I picked up all of my books too. I cleaned up all of the garbage. I sat down at my clean desk.
I had just started working at a local pharmacy. During training, we had to take an extremely difficult test. I protested the test, because it was too hard. They proceeded to tell me that I had gotten the highest grade. After that, I never complained about another challenge.
Jane and Alice were sisters. One day they were riding their bikes. Jane lost her balance and fell over. Alice helped her up. Jane was scared but she was okay.
Karen had a very big dictionary. In fact, it had every single word. One day, Karen had to look up a word. Then, she couldn't find her big dictionary. Finally, after many hours, Karen found the dictionary in her bathroom.
John worked in retail. He was really sick one day. His boss wouldn't let him have the day off without a replacement. John called everyone but nobody could cover his shift. John wound up having to work sick.
Joy and her brother were riding their bikes down the street. All of a sudden Joy's bike toppled over. She was scraped up but not hurt badly. Her brother looked around the street to see what the bike had hit. He found a big pebble that must have caused her fall.
Justin was enjoying himself on a beach in Mexico. He forgot to reapply sunscreen every two hours. He got terrible sunburn on that left him with huge yellow blisters. A doctor at the hospital told him he had second degree burns. He finally felt better after days of pain medicine and burn cream.
Anthony was very shy around women. He became friends with a pretty girl at work. Anthony learned that he had a lot in common with her. He became involved in a brief romance with his female coworker. From this romance, Anthony gained more confident with women.
Anita hadn't seen her son in 10 years. The other day, unannounced, he showed up at her house. Anita wanted to be upset, but her son brought his family. He was married to a Mexican woman and had two kids. Annita opened her door, hugged her son and met her grandchildren.
Alice's class took a field trip to a farm. Their teacher promised they would see many animals. Alice saw a big cow. She asked if she could pet the cow. The cow was very soft.
Paula was feeling very stressed one day. So she went to a coffee shop and tried a mocha latte. She was immediately hooked and went to the coffee shop everyday. But soon coffee was all she could think about. Paula's coffee obsession made her more stressed than before.
Anna's insurance lapsed. She drove her car a few more months anyways. Then she was pulled over. The cop discovered that she had no insurance. He suspended Anna's license!
At first the Wilcos thought getting a puppy was a good idea. It was cute and playful and small. Then it started growing and playing harder. Now they're too afraid of it to let it out of the basement. It won't let them call animal control and they don't know what to do.
Tom was out on a hike. He noticed a tiger far away. Tom was paralyzed with fear. The tiger kept walking away. Tom felt relieved but went home anyway.
Weston had to film a commercial for film class. He was not sure what product he would use. Then, he spotted a vending machine. Inside, there were bags of Skittles. Weston decided that he would make his commercial about the candy.
Ryan had forgotten his math assignment at home. He quickly called his mom. He asked her to bring the assignment to school. Ryan's mom drove back to school with the assignment. Ryan was able to give the assignment to his teacher.
Mazey lurched forward as the ostrich tried to insert its beak inside. It mouthed at her from the window of the Jeep. Mazey was afraid and told the guide to drive on ahead. The guide told her they were going to leave the car instead. Mazey panicked when exiting the car and ran as the ostriches chased.
Brett was a college student. Brett socialized with kind and smart people. One of Brett's friends recommended a book for him. The book was the Autobiography of Malcolm X. Brett read the book and it changed his life forever.
I adopted a new cat the other day. I figured it would be nice for my other cat. That way they have someone to play with. I brought him home and was excited to see them interact. They got into a big fight right away and I had to return it.
Leo needed a new car. He went to the Ford dealership. He found a great Ford Focus. He was able to make a great deal. He drove away happy.
The baby wouldn't eat. She tried expressing breast milk. He didn't like the bottle. She tried to breastfeed, but he wouldn't. The nurses had to feed him sugar water.
Daisy wanted a small cabin on a huge piece of property. She had three children and could not make it work. She found the perfect piece of land. Her dad offered to build a cabin for her. Her dreams came true of a cabin big enough for her family.
Don was a part of an amateur baseball league in his city. His next game is against a tough team the next town over. Don and teammates practiced all week in preparation. One of his teammates called in sick on the day of the match. Don was forced to forfeit.
Ty wanted a pet for his birthday. But his parents only handed him a little box as a gift. Disappointed, Ty opened the box. Then, what he found inside made him laugh joyfully. Inside the box was a leash and a dog food bowl - for his puppy!
The man put the car on cruise control. A car in front of him was going too slow. The man took the car off of cruise control. He passed the car when it was safe. He put the car back on cruise control.
Phil thought he should try to make money through online freelancing. He made an account on a freelance platform. He responded to a query looking for a web developer. Phil completed the task as requested. The company told the platform that Phil failed, so they didn't pay.
Eric had bed bugs. He called the exterminator to kill them all. The exterminator set off a bug bomb. The bug bomb smelled really bad. Eric had to spend a few days at his friend's house.
A woman decided to buy a television directly from China. She thought she would save money by cutting out the middleman. As it happens, she was completely right. The only problem is that the menus and remote were entirely in hanzi. She doesn't get much use out of it.
Kevin was an avid baseball fan. He collected baseball cards since he was five years old. He had over 2000 cards and most were in mint condition. One night, Kevin's apartment was burglarized. His prized card collection was gone.
Bob's shoes wore down from playing sports. He needed a new pair for the big game. His mom went to the shoe store. She found his perfect size. He put on his new shoes.
Dan lived in a country where water was a precious resource. Recently, Dan noticed that he had a leak in his kitchen faucet. Dan knew he had to do something immediately to stop the water leak. Dan called his local plumber, and turned off his water line. Dan could not wait for his plumber to fix this water leak.
Karen had her first date with Larry. He wouldn't tell her where they were going beforehand. She put on her favorite black dress and met him at the door. She was shocked when he pulled up to the harbor. They had a nice home-cooked diner on his yacht.
James wanted to fly a rocket. After graduating from college, James went to work for NASA. James was a skilled engineer. James was promoted to astronaut. James now has achieved his life long dream of flying a rocket.
Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner. The night of the dinner, he was really nervous. Tim was shaking as he was eating his dinner. Suddenly he spilled his dinner all over his pants. His date laughed and Tim was embarrassed.
I bought a bag of blow pops from the dollar store. It was my favorite candy as a child. The taste was making me very nostalgic. I kept putting them away, then taking them back out. I ate the whole bag in 48 hours.
Tyler is very obese. His heart is in trouble. One day he decided to eat deep fried butter. That evening he had a heart attack. Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle.
Galen was a barber on a cruise ship. He enjoyed meeting new people on the ship but wanted to settle down. He began a relationship with another employee. The ship did not allow employee dating, so they were asked to leave. They left the ship, married and started a family in Jamaica.
Felicia's granddaughter gave her a beautiful mug for her birthday. Felicia drank her morning coffee out of it every day. One morning she turned and knocked it off the counter. It broke into dozens of pieces. Felicia was very sad about her broken mug.
Little Jack had never been on a train before. He asked his parents if they would take him on a train ride. On a sunny Saturday they told him to get his coat on. They drove him out to a place he had never been. Jack's parents took him to board a real-life train!
Lucy was looking at the cookie jar at the table. She was intrigued by it. She wanted those cookies. She then decided to take one. Before she knew it, she ate the entire jar.
The Smiths go to Florida for vacation every year. This year, they want to try something different. So they ask friends, and take there advice to go to Hawaii. The Smiths are there for two weeks and love it! They will never go to Florida for vacation again, only Hawaii.
Yesterday my brother Joey tried to get me in trouble with my Mom. He told a lie and said that I took his favorite toy truck. I was so mad that he blamed me because I didn't take it. Today Joey found his truck under his bed. Mom gave him a spanking for lying.
John's daughter Allie was four. Allie told John to shut up. John was shocked by this. He asked Allie where she heard the phrase. Allie said she heard John say it while he was on the phone!
One Morning the smith family heard a knock on the door The dad looked outside to see it was outside stood a witch who was wrinkled with a mustache Her hair was falling out and teeth were green She smiled and asked can i use your phone?
Janice was going on a trip. She had booked a train ride from Chicago to LA. Janice loved to ride on trains. The trip was incredible. Janice loved every minute of it.
Tod was riding his bike to work. But a dog began chasing him. Tod pedaled faster and faster. But he couldn't out pedal the dog. Tod, however, realized the dog only wanted to play.
Travis won the blue ribbon at the rodeo. Some of the girls in the town wanted his autograph. Travis refused to give any autographs. The local paper wrote an article about that. Travis was not invited to the next year's rodeo.
I needed new brake pads for my car. But I wasn't feeling too well so sought some help. Ralph said he'd  put the on for me. So I bought the brake pads and gave them to Ralph. The next day he put them in for me.
Bob's favorite thing about getting mail was the packaging. He thought styrofoam packing peanuts were great fun to mess with. He thought bubble wrap was great fun to pop. He thought tissue paper made the contents cool and mysterious. Bob didn't care much for the actual content of his packages.
Jemma was overweight and out of shape. She decided to take her health more seriously. Jemma started eating better and walking daily. People started to notice Jemma losing weight and getting fit. Jemma's mother and sister started to join her on her walks.
Amy liked to bake cookies and cakes. She decided to go to culinary school to improve her skills. After she graduated, Amy opened her own bake shop. Her cakes and cookies were very popular. Amy was happy with her decision to go to culinary school.
My dad liked making model airplanes. I would always want to help him. He said I would get in the way. Now he's too old and shaky to make them. I don't like to enough to try anymore.
Magdalena is an old sounding name. It reminds me of the catholic widow who lives two houses over. I couldn't believe it when my niece decided to name her baby that. Magdalena is a beautiful baby. So sweet and calm just like the catholic widow I know.
Johnny needed a new shirt. He did not have enough money to buy one. He decided to go to a discount store. He ended up being able to buy two shirts. Johnny was happy with his bargain shopping.
Andrew feels very lonely. He decides to go to the bar and have a drink. He strikes up a conversation with the bartender. They realize they have a lot in common. Andrew and the bartender decide to become friends!
Dwayne and his friends took a day trip to the beach. He'd never been to this particular beach before. There was so much to see he was happier than he'd been in a while. There was even a mating pair of horseshoe crabs. He laughed, the male looked like he was wearing a hat made of seaweed.
I hated oatmeal. My friend suggested I try them with blueberries. I hated blueberries, too. Nevertheless, I gave it a try. Actually, blueberries with oatmeal was delicious!
Mark woke up feeling very rested. After stretching, he looked at his clock and saw he was late for work! He quickly changed into his work clothes and ran out the door. He drove very fast to make up for lost time. When he arrived, he realized it was the weekend and didn't have work!
Deb was making biscuits for breakfast. In her hurry she accidentally poured in too much milk. She went for more flour but the bag was empty. So she cracked in an egg and stirred it up. They would have pancakes for breakfast.
Harry wasn't sure what he should do for his wife. She has had a tough week. He wanted to make it special for her. He went to the store and grabbed some steaks. He threw them on the grill and made a romantic dinner for her.
Sally went to the mall to shop for a new shirt. While walking through the mall she noticed this nice shirt. She tried it on and loved how she looked in it. She bought it and couldn't wait to wear it at work the following day. Sally got a lot of compliments on her new shirt that day.
The school chorus sends "Singing Valentines" to people in school. I have not gotten one in Years. The chorus sung a Valentine song to Sally in math class. No one said they actually sent Sally that singing Valentine. Turns out, Sally sent herself a Valentine.
Amy was sleeping over at her friend Lynn's After watching two movies they took a break. They went to the backyard and sat on the swings. The sun had set and it was almost dark. They sat and gossiped about school, and boys in the cool, fall air.
Mike was an incredible Chess player. Mike was very arrogant about his chess abilities. Mike was scheduled to play Joseph at the chess club on Friday night. It was Friday night and Mike sat down to play Joseph. Joseph won the chess game and Mike was humbled.
Last weekend, Katherine decided to go shopping. She figured the mall would be the best place to start. One of her favorite stores was having a one day sale! She spent two hours trying on all kinds of clothing. At the end of the day, she went home with three bags full of clothes.
Nell's class went to an amusement park for a special treat. While the other kids were excited, Nell felt uneasy. She was afraid to ride roller coasters with her classmates. Nell told the kids she had a heart condition so she couldn't ride. When Nell got back to school, she was sent to the nurse.
My wife's coworker took a day off today. He had to take his fiancee to the hospital. She had pins in her arm that needed to be removed. He had to get an MRI. He said it was not a great day to take off.
Holly lives in Pennsylvania where 2 feet of snow has fallen recently. The township sent a snowplow, which plowed her mailbox over. Holly called the township to see if they would fix or replace it. The township told her they are not responsible and won't fix it. Holly's mailbox is now mounted in two feet of snow.
I had never mowed grass before a day in my life. I walked outside, worried if I could manage it. I tried starting the mower, and began to push it around the yard. It turned out to be a lot easier than I thought it would be. The only issue I encountered was simply that it was very hot that day.
Tom built a tower. He wanted to live there all alone. He escaped the pressures of the world. Soon he got very lonely. He invited all his friends over and felt better.
Sue was walking to her house from her car. She tripped over a crack in the sidewalk. She fell down on the grass. Her brand her shirt got stained with dirt. She washed her dirty shirt in the laundry afterwards.
Our phone line was damaged in a windstorm. We lost the signal on Friday night. I called in a repair request that night. Verizon did not come until the following Tuesday. Finally, service was restored on Thursday.
My sister in law's granddaughter Barbara has 4 children. The state took them as she drank and neglected the kids. Barbara said she wanted to regain custody. However, she continued to drink. Barbara was recently committed to a rehab center for treatment.
When I was a sophomore in college, the Occupy movement arrived. In my town, college students were protesting with the homeless. I went, one night, to the protest site and met a boy. We left the protest together, spray painted bill boards, and drank. I learned that the protesters had no idea what they were doing.
Shannon didn't let her kids chew gum. She found a big wad of it in her carpet. She was so angry! She made them clean it up. It took them an hour to get it out!
Fred hadn't bought new clothes in many Year's. His wife and kids wanted him to update his old clothing collection. Finally they convinced him to come shopping. Fred loved it so much he began shopping every weekend. Now his family wishes they had never told him to anything.
Jill saw a beautiful butterfly in the grille of her dad's car. She carefully removed the butterfly and pasted it to a card. Jill gave the card to a teacher that she especially admired. When the teacher saw the dead butterfly, she dropped the card. Jill brought the card home and kept it in a box of treasures.
Doug was sad to be sick on Halloween. He wasn't allowed to go to school, or go trick or treating. He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume. When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters. He was happy to see his friend Dan came to share his candy with Doug.
One day I went through the McDonald's drive through. As I ordered, I saw my daughter trying to touch a fly. I told her to stop because flies were dirty. The cashier suggested freezing them and then tying a string to them. As I pictured this, I loss my appetite.
Beardo Birdo was a slovenly man. He had to go down to the pharmacy to get the pills he was on. The pharmacy technician was dubious of his scrip. So Beardo started yelling at him. Eventually the police had to come and haul Beardo to jail.
David was road tripping through america. He was having the best time with his buddies. They decided they had enough gas to get into the next town. David and his buddies overestimated the gas tank. David and his buddies run out of gas and have to push the car a mile.
Sam lost his wallet. He looked for it everywhere. He decided to get all his cards replaced. Right after going through that process he found his wallet. He had to now throw his old cards away.
Jerry was a personal trainer. He had about five clients that he worked with weekly. He wanted to expand his business though. So he took to social media and advertised himself. He now  has over twenty clients and had to hire an assistant.
The weatherman had said it would storm heavily today. Bailey and her friends were inside. The storm came and the power went off. Bailey and her friends were scared. They were very thankful when the storm passed and the power came back.
Shayla was asked to be a bridesmaid at her friend's wedding. Shayla was excited but also nervous because she was fat. She bought a goal dress and worked hard to lose weight. The day of the wedding came. Shayla was proud that she could finally fit into the dress.
Ray was constantly sick. And he realized his indoor air quality was bad. He left his window open. And he got a high quality window filter. And the air quality in his house was much better.
James was at a soccer game. At some point, he lost track of his phone. He called it in an attempt to locate it. Someone picked up but quickly hung up. James realized that it must have been stolen.
Nick needed to clean his turtle's tank. He used a gravel vacuum to remove the old water. Nick scrubbed the sides of the tank. He proceeded to fill it with fresh water. The tank looked crystal clear when he was finished.
My class was having a contest. Whoever drew the best picture of my teacher would win. I got some pencils and began to draw. My picture certainly did win a prize. Unfortunately, it was the prize for the worst drawing.
Omar took acting classes when he was a child. He was in the drama club in middle and high school. There was a modeling and acting agency in the city. Omar registered in the city. Within a few months, he got his first role on a local television ad.
Joe heard a weather report while listening to the radio when he awoke. There were tornados headed his way. Joe had prepared his well built home with emergency supplies. He decided to shelter in place. The tornadoes passed far to the South so Joe was safe.
Rosie was working as a waitress. She hated waiting tables. But she needed to pay the bills. Rosie unexpectedly got a large tip. Rosie was so thankful.
Lou went to the beach. He planned on swimming for a few hours. But when he got there, he was dismayed. The wind had made the waves incredibly high! Lou had to content himself with laying on the sand.
I was at the mall with Aaron. We were on our way to Nordstrom's. He wasn't looking and fell right into the fountain. Everyone was around and started laughing at him. He was stuck in his wet clothes the rest of the day.
Amy took her kids sledding when it snowed. they climbed up the hill and sled down it. Eventually they had a snowball fight. After a few hours Amy said it was time to go home. They got hot chocolate and went back home.
Henry stepped on the boat with his family. As soon as all of the passengers boarded the ship, it took off. The ship swayed back and forth, making Henry nauseous. He went to the bathroom to throw up. In addition, he tried to go to sleep for the remainder of the ride.
Bill is having drinks at the club. After drinking he gets on the dance floor and dances. After getting tired he decides to drive home. When he gets home he checks his wallet to count his money. While counting he notices his ID is missing.
The last of the crates were loaded into the university lab. The preparation would soon begin. The technician wondered what they might contain. He gathered several other excited workers. They had much work to do.
Jamie got her first Barbie doll at age 5. She loved playing barbies better than anything else. Any chance she got she asked for a new doll. Jamie ended up with a large collection of dolls. She saved all her dolls for own daughters to play with one day.
Tim went to the zoo. There was a sign that said not to feed the bears. Tim fed the bears. The bears got sick. Tim ended up paying a five hundred dollar fine.
Gina's car caught a flat tire. However, rob was able to meet up with her and replace it. The next day, Rob ended up losing his wallet. He asked Gina to borrow a few dollars. However, she ignored him.
James was excited to spend the day at the beach. He loved playing in the sand. His favorite was swimming in the waves. On the way to the beach it started to rain. James had to go home disappointed.
Nick's house is a mess. Nick decides to start cleaning. He picks up trash from the floor. Nick disposes of the trash. His house is much cleaner.
Tim saw the little girl fall on the sidewalk. He ran up to where she had fallen. He saw that she was crying. Tim reached out and pulled her back up. The little girl started to stop crying as Tim smiled at her.
Ashley loves to read. She got a tablet for her birthday to hold all her books. She gave it a try and found out she gets a headache. She doesn't like to stare at a screen that long. Ashley decided to stick with paper books going forward.
Carrie was in active labor. She was almost all the way dilated. Her doctor noticed the baby was breech. She had to be rushed in for a c-section. Carrie was just happy her baby was safely born.
Joe's dog was very dirty from playing outside. So Joe took his do to the tub. He began to wash his dog. After washing his do he dried the dog. Joe's dog was no longer dirty and played inside the house.
I took three bites of a sandwich. The sandwich tasted terrible. I looked inside the sandwich. It was full of raspberry jam instead of strawberry. I threw the sandwich in the trash.
Rob was invited to a potluck dinner party. Unfortunately, Rob is not much of a cook. He called his mother for help. She gave him a very simple recipe for a casserole. He was able to cook it himself and bring it to the party.
Ron went out to hunt a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner. Ron had been out searching for nearly six hours. At which point he stumbled upon a gaggle of geese. Since it was getting so late he decided a goose would suffice. So he shot a goose and had a Thanksgiving goose dinner.
It was such a hard decision which pumpkin to pick from the patch! There were so many good ones that Frank just couldn't decide. He finally narrowed it down to a tall one and a short fat one. He thought about which would make the better jack o lantern. He picked the tall one to take home.
Cindy was supposed to be asleep but she was watching TV. On the TV was a very scary movie about zombies. Cindy got so scared she hid under the covers all night. When morning came, her mother found her exhausted and hiding. Her mother said it served her right for disobeying.
Yancy worked in a coal mine. One morning the mine collapsed. Yancy gathered his fellow miners together. They started digging a hole. With Yancy's lead, they were free by the end of the day.
Amanda had recently graduated from college and moved to England. England was her first stop on a trip around the world. Amanda's time in England was coming to an end. She needed to find another place to travel. After enough research, Amanda happily decided to move to New Zealand.
Mati was poor and stressed. He found peace in alcohol. One day, he decided to stop drinking. He focused on bettering his life. Without alcoholism, Mati was able to make something of his life.
It was my friend's first time visiting Colombia. In Colombia the cars have the right of way, not pedestrians. She didn't realize this and was walking confidently one day. As she crossed the road, a car smacked right into her. The driver started yelling at her and in the future she paid attention.
Victor is homeless. He was able to buy a big bird costume though. He started to wear it in Times Square in NYC. He was able to get a decent amount of money. He would have a long time to wait to get an apartment though.
We have been married for six Years now. Our anniversary is coming up in a few weeks. We might celebrate depending on what day it falls on. Either that or we might just have a family night. It's fine since our honeymoon hasn't really ended yet.
Margaret loved to eat dessert a lot. In fact, she ate dessert every single day. One day, she saw she had no more desert. Margaret had to rush to the store and buy more desserts. Finally, Margaret was able to eat dessert after her dinner.
George was driving home. He was stuck behind a slow car. He tried to pass but that lane was taken up too. He tried flashing his high-beams but it did nothing. He had to wait the entire way.
Lara's grandfather was turning 100 years old. Lara threw a special party for him. She brought out the cake at the end. There were 100 lit candles on the cake. Lara's grandfather passed out trying to blow out all the candles.
Bob loves tomatoes so much that he starts a small garden. But little critters keep stealing his plants. So Bob hires someone to install an electric fence around his garden. Finally his tomatoes are free to grow. Bob is happy when he picks dozens of delicious tomatoes.
When I was 8 years old, I made my father angry. I had brought home a bad report card. I made a C in math that semester. He beat me and kicked me over and over in the side. It killed one of my kidneys.
Tara loved bracelets. She always wore bracelets. One day she swung her arms very fast. The bracelet flew off and broke. Tara cried.
Ann was always trying to lose weight. She tried every option out there. But then her cousin recommended a new plan. It involved some supplements and a patch. She loved it and thought the results were great.
Tom was using a lot of data. He liked listening to music and watching videos. He ran out before the month ended. The rest of his internet experience was throttled. Tom eventually gave in and bought more data.
One day, Rachelle's heart stopped pumping. Her roommate was there and immediately called 911. Luckily, a cop arrived quickly and started CPR to help her heart. The paramedics decided to Medivac her to a hospital. She was treated and received a pacemaker before going home in 3 days.
Sarah got a new pair of shoes. She thought they shoes pinched her feet. She decided to try wearing them one more day. The shoes became looser through the day. Finally, the shoes fit right.
Garter snakes lived in a crack in my grandma's front porch. I enjoyed observing them. One day a neighbor boy came over and killed one of the snakes. This left me distraught and crying over the dead snake. I was happy when my grandma banned this boy from her yard.
Ed liked to read in his college library. One of the fraternities starting having study hall at the library. They were noisy and disruptive. Ed found it difficult to study when they were there. Ed decided to read in his dorm room instead.
Kyle was taking a bag of trash outside. He was walking when he saw the bottom of the bag rip open. Trash fell everywhere. He leaned down and tried to pick up as much as possible. It took him a couple of trips to get it all picked up.
Craig bought some stock in a tech company. The price of the stock subsequently fell. Craig waited for the price to recover, but it never did. He lost a lot of money when he sold his stock. He was able to deduct some of his losses on his tax return.
Tom bought a house. He also bought paint so he could paint the house. He climbed on the ladder and painted the house. The house now has a new coat of paint. Tom is very proud of his work.
The firemen heard the alarm. They dressed in their uniforms. They hurried to the fire. They put out the fire with their hoses. They were very proud of a job well done.
Karl was with his seven year old son at the pool. His son Dan had been practicing swimming. When Karl wasn't looking Dan got onto the diving board. Dan dove into the pool and calmly swam back to the ladder. Karl was astonished because he didn't know Dan could swim so well!
It was Ron's day off and he had a lot to do. He had to thoroughly clean his house. He had to wash his clothes and his blankets. Go grocery shopping and fix his car. But Ron was tired and slept and laid in bed all day.
James went to the zoo with his mother. He saw birds and tigers. At the bear enclosure he saw a large black bear. He yelled at the bear. The bear roared back and startled James.
My first time on the subway in New York was scary. I had never been on a subway before. I paid really close attention to the stops so I wouldn't get lost. On the way to my stop I talked to a very nice lady. I'm not scared of being on the subway anymore.
Tommy wanted to eat his leftover fries up, to eat. He didn't want to put them in the microwave. The oven would take too long. He needed to think of a way to quickly make them crisp. He put them in the toaster oven.
The company reduced its emissions. Their was a cost associated. Two board members requested a report. The report said they would make the money back. The report suggested carbon credits to do this.
Sasha was having a great time. She had just recently started writing to a pen pal. Her school had a program for students to write to one another. Her pen pal was all the way in China. Sasha learned a lot about her new friend through their letters.
Jenny and Sally were co-workers who didn't know each other. At work, Jenny and Sally got stuck in a broken elevator. They waited to be rescued for hours, so they had a conversation. Jenny and Sally found they were very compatible. After being rescued, Jenny and Sally became good friends.
A farmer had just bought a new plane. He was going to use it to check his crops. He would fly over and check their growth. One day, he got too low and crashed. He decided the plane was not a good idea.
Nick was a lonely man. He went to a party. At the party, Nick met Noelle. Nick and Noelle went on many outings together and became best friends. Nick was no longer lonely.
We went fishing in our old paddle boat. We pushed off the dock, stowed away the rope and drifted. We set our lines when we were a good distance from shore. It was lunch time so we decided to head back home. We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back!
Amber loved potato chips. She couldn't resist eating a bag everyday. She had gained twenty pounds from eating them. She stopped eating the chips. She still couldn't loss the weight though.
My friend decided on taking me to the Renaissance fair for some fun. I felt down for some time, so I thought this could be a pick me up. As I prepared my outfit, he came out and had clothes from the era. I looked at him as my facade fell beside me, and let out a big smile. With arms locked, and armed with smiles, we walked inside the fair.
Dina was driving one day. She was approaching a turn. There was another car coming. She thought she had the right of way. She unfortunately did not and had an accident.
One day Mark and Tom went out for dinner. They both ordered lots of food and finished all of it. They both said that they could eat more than the other if they wanted. They decided to settle the score by having a hot dog eating contest. Tom ate 27 and Mark at 17, so Tom was the champion.
Jane found a big creature in her yard. It was a tortoise! It was huge and brown and moved very slowly. Jane fed it lettuce and carrots. She never figured out where it had come from.
It was apple season! Drew was making an apple pie. He sliced the apples and put them in the crust. Then he drizzled caramel over it. He popped it into the oven.
A waiter named Simone has been working double shifts all week. She's trying to pay for her tuition next semester. It feels hopeless to her at this point. She was cleaning her last table of the night when she saw her tip. A couple had just written her a check to pay for her next semester!
A snow storm hit last week. We were locked in for days. For a couple of hours the lights went out. We were afraid it would take a while. Luckily it was fixed in a decent time frame.
Mike dropped out of college after taking out student loans. He quickly began to look for a job to cover his costs of living. Mike found a job but struggled because of his debt. Mike began to panic and started to suffer from depression. Mike did not know what to do, so he quit his job out of frustration.
Ed designed a treasure map. He gave it to his friend. His friend found the treasure. The treasure was a note that. The note was from Ed.
Matt excitedly took his new RC car out on the road. He had a great time driving it up and down the block. A real car turned the corner, headed straight for Matt's RC car. The driver couldn't see Matt's car and ran it over. Matt's new toy became a messy pile of plastic and metal.
Gary called me up, Monday. He's going to be in town this week. I haven't seen him since graduation. We're going to go out to eat and maybe see a show. Hopefully we'll pick up where we left off.
A mom was sitting with her baby. The baby was trying to wiggle into a crawl. The mom had an idea. She put the baby's favorite toy across the room. Suddenly, the baby began to crawl for the first time.
One day George decided to take up a pottery class. On his first day he learned simple steps. As he continued he started to get better. Eventually he was a master! He loved pottery now.
Gina loved a clean house. She bought a fancy vacuum. It pulled up all the dust and dirt. She vacuumed every surface in her house. She loved her new vacuum!
Dan loved going to his grandmother's house. Aside from her wonderful stories, she was quite a baker. Today, Dan's grandmother was baking a apple pie. Once the pie was finished, his grandmother gave him a slice. Dan felt like he was in heaven after a taste of the freshly baked pie.
Cathy was excited to be wearing her favorite pants to work today. Cathy ironed the pants, and placed them on the bed. Cathy put on her shirt, and then her pants. However, after putting on the pants, Cathy saw the broken zipper. Cathy was disappointed that she could not wear her favorite pants.
Sam was on a date. When the bill came he went to grab it. His date did too. They decided to split it. Sam appreciated the effort.
Eric has always wanted to go fishing. So he was really excited when one of his friends invited him. But Eric ended up being really bored. And he and his friend only caught a few tiny fish. Eric never wanted to go fishing again.
Seth was a very respectful boy who always did the right thing. At school, the teachers and students all loved him. One day, the worst boy in school decided he wanted to be his friend. The worst boy got Seth in trouble all the time. Seth decided he would stop being his friend and go back to being good.
Louise had to stay up late one night to work. She was on a roll when suddenly she grew very tired. Her eyes began to shut and she could barely open them. Before she knew it she had fallen asleep on her desk. She woke up the next morning and quickly finished her work.
Lisa wanted to change the color of her door knobs. She took them off and spray painted them. They looked great! After being used for a few weeks, the paint rubbed off. Now the knobs looked terrible!
There were rumors about an alligator in the lake. The town made money off of promoting it. One day a tourist was chased by the alligator. The police got involved and caught it. It turned out to be a man that made alligator souvenirs.
Siri was a great student in Pakistan. She studied hard and loved to learn. Siri was accepted into a student exchange program in the US. She studied in the US for 9 months. Siri had so much fun learning and exploring a new country.
Tom normally drank Bud Light. A friend bought some high gravity IPAs. Tom tried one but thought it tasted gross. He kept drinking not realizing they had so much alcohol. Tom was drunk within the hour.
Tom had an old stove. It went out one night. Tom didn't smell the gas. It made him feel sick. Tom had to fix it.
When Lucy went to the pool, there were a lot of kids. She wanted to play with them but was afraid of the water. One of the kids gave her some floaters and taught her how to swim. With effort, Lucy went slowly in the water and floated around a bit. When she felt more confident, she started swimming and had fun.
Jonathan's favorite pastime was watching movies. One day he decided he wanted to make his own movie. He learned as much about filmmaking as he could. Once he felt prepared, he gathered all his friends who wanted to help. They spent the afternoon making his movie.
Janet ran out of money after paying her bills. However, her kids were starving since they ate no food. Janet went to the local convenience store to steal food. The police officer ended up arresting her for theft. In addition, Janet's boss fired her from work.
My daughter got invited back to the finals for dance. She had won the first two rounds already. She had some tough competition for the finals. She was super nervous about it. She ended up with second place.
Charles loved his son. Although his son was 40-years-old, Charles had to discipline him. His son called asking for money. Charles screamed, stop sitting around your place broke! His son said, I'm trying, that's why I asked you for money.
Erica went to her hometown bar. She saw a lot of people from high school. Erica didn't like the people that she ran into. Erica left the bar after a short time. She doesn't go to that bar anymore.
Sam was leaving to surprise his girlfriend in China tomorrow. He had his plane ticket for months. In the middle of packing he gets a knock at his door. His girlfriend showed up to surprise him. He would have been a bit more excited if his ticket was refundable.
Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go somewhere. She decided to go to the park. There was a duck pond at the entrance. Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread. The ducks ate the bread.
Bill was tired of Texas so he got on a bus. The driver asked where he wanted to go and Bill just shrugged. He took the bus as far as it went and got off. Bill waited for the next bus and repeated that process. In three days Bill made it all the way to Ontario.
Rick and a few friends headed to the beach. After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand. When Rick woke up he couldn't see anyone. He realized his body was buried completely underground. His friends thought it'd be funny, and left him there in deep trouble.
After I got off from work, I went to vote at my assigned location. I had already registered to vote a month ago. I got to the front of the line, and was told I could not vote. Apparently, someone had altered my party affiliation. I left the voting location, confused and upset.
I got a new kitten. I showed him where the litter box was. He sniffed around in the litter box before prancing off Later, the kitten returned to the litter box. The kitten used the litter box for its intended purpose.
Zach doesn't have any friends. He wants to go out this Saturday and meet new people. So on Saturday he went to the mall. He got scared and didn't talk to anybody! Zach still doesn't have any friends, and is very lonely.
I decided to take my first trip to Paris last month. Mainly for the shopping however. I had great fun and stopped at Chanel and Hermes. At the end of the trip I had spent far too much. I couldn't wait to come back.
I wanted to buy a car. I went to the dealership. The dealer there gave me a price estimate for a new car. I negotiated the price down by six thousand dollars. The dealer agreed and I purchased the car!
Felicity studied hard all throughout high school. Felicity wanted to attend a prestigious university. Felicity's parents could not afford the tuition. Felicity then won a scholarship to go to another University. Felicity did not get to go to the University of her choice.
Ryan lost his job. He got a job that paid less than his first one. He needed to cut down on bills. Ryan decided to stop eating out. He saved money cooking his own meals at home.
My friends came over for a fondue party last week. I spent a lot of time preparing the cheese while they arrived. My friend had some fondue and stopped because he felt bad. He asked if there was wine in the fondue because he was allergic. I said there was and he stopped eating it.
Steve got a call from his boss. He said that Steve was getting an award. He entered the conference room to applause. He accepted the award humbly. Steve was proud of his accomplishment.
Cody was starting a new job. He decided to buy a few new outfits. Cody went to the store to buy clothes. Cody wore one of his new suits on his first day of work. He impressed his new boss.
I decided to go to Mardi Gras. I took three of my friends. We made the 2 hour drive to New Orleans. We went to one parade. What we saw was unforgettable.
Robbie and Shannon were married for many years. Robbie told her he was going to get his gorilla tattoo touched up. He was really going to meet his mistress. Shannon noticed that Robbie's tattoo looked the same. She accused him of cheating, but Robbie lied to her.
Fred loved kayaking. So he took his buddies with him. But they needed their id. Fred thought it was weird. But he handed it over anyway.
Joe had punched his friend Mike in the face yesterday. He did this because he found out that Mike was dating Amy. Joe had had a crush on Amy for over a year. When Amy found out what Joe had done, she thought it was romantic. She broke up with Mike, and Joe and Amy started dating.
Took a trip to Ocean City with my kids. We drove 6 hours to get there. We went to the boardwalk. We went to the beach. Everyone had a great time.
I bought a lot of new groceries from the store. When I bought them home my shelves were too full. I rearranged all the food on my pantry. I found a lot of expired food while doing this. I tossed out the old food and made more room for the new stuff.
Willard started feeling sick one day, and hasn't been well since. He blames his neighbor's' wireless devices. Willard's irate no judge will demand they all stop. He vows he's going to take matters into his own hands. Those cell towers must come down!
Kira has to go to the laundromat with her dad to do laundry. She brings along her favorite stuffed animal to play with. She helps her dad load the washing machine. Her stuffed animal goes missing! Kira cries when they can't find her stuffed animal!
One day Aaron's pet gerbil got sick. Aaron immediately rushed him to the vet. Fortunately Aaron was fast enough to get him treated. Eventually he was good as new. Aaron was very happy.
Isabella ripped her book. She needed tape to fix it. She asked her dad for some tape. Her dad fixed her book for her. Isabella was able to read her book again.
The family loved going camping. They loaded their tent and sleeping bags up in the car. They drove to the campsite and unloaded it all. It took an hour to get their camp ready. THey couldn't wait to settle in for the night!
Patricia loved to pick cotton. It was her dream job when she was an adult. One day, she decided to travel to the South to see cotton fields. She saved a lot of money and flew first class. Finally, Patricia was able to see a cotton field in real life.
Dean's teacher began grading him on behavior weekly. Dean promptly dropped the behavioral grading slips in the garbage. Dean's parents never saw them. Dean's parents were asked about them at a parent-teacher conference. When Dean's parents got home, they were livid with Dean.
Little Charlie was running through the yard. He chased leaves as they danced out of the trees. He kept an eye on his mom while she raked leaves. All of a sudden, Charlie took off in a dash. He jumped right in the middle of the huge leaf pile!
Gemma hated sandals. She wore socks no matter what. She would cram the sandals over the socks. It looked silly but she didn't care. Gemma was only happy with socks on her feet.
Today Mike got into a fight. He was on the way to school when approached by bullies. One of the bullies tried to take his bag. Mike reacted by punching him in the mouth. Mike was able to beat up the bully and keep his bag.
Arnold was a pharmacist at a local drugstore. He decided he wasn't making enough money. He started stealing prescription medication from the pharmacy. He sold many items to drug addicts. He was never caught and eventually moved to France.
Chuck wanted to make some money for new school clothes. The only problem was, he hated people. He decides to become a dog walker. Chuck walked dogs every day all summer. He is  now the best dressed kid in school.
The instructor gave Lina an arrow. He told her to take the first shot and she did. The arrow missed the target and landed on the ground. Eventually, she tried out a new technique. As soon as she shot the arrow, the arrow landed on the target.
The Smith family decided to vacation on the Texas coast. They loaded their car with food and beach toys for the trip. Once the arrived in the little town, they were in a very bad wreck. No one was hurt, but their truck, food and toys were destroyed. Luckily, they made it to the beach the next week and had fun.
Katrina always wanted children. Her and her husband tried for several years but had no luck. They went to the doctor for help. The doctor gave Katrina several treatments. Now, Katrina has a baby girl.
Yesterday I bleached my hair. I loved the way it looked. When I woke up in the morning though, my hair was dry. I was rather upset. I would never do it again.
Paula was 400 pounds over weight. She was having surgery to help her lose weight. In the first month, she planned on losing 50 pounds. She couldn't wait to be healthy enough to go for a long walk. Paula was determined to follow all of the instructions she was given.
Waking up around 6 AM, I brushed my teeth and did all my basics. When I turned on Pokemon Go as I made breakfast I was shocked. Charizard is in my neighborhood, I throw my food aside and run. Out the door I go, and run in one direction searching. The hunt begins, as I set out in hopes of finding him.
John needed some money. He had a lot of books. So he decided to have a book sale. He started the book sale Saturday morning. He made two hundred dollars.
Joe had a craving for Mexican bread. So he went to a Mexican bakery. He got a dozen of the Mexican bread. He went to the store and bought milk. He enjoyed his breakfast.
Jude was performing with his band. Suddenly his hand cramped up. He couldn't play his guitar strings. The crowd stared at him waiting for the song to begin. Jude improvised and started playing with his feet.
Tom worked the waters every day to catch fish. He had a tugboat that had been passed onto him by his father. The tugboat would break down every so often. Tom always repaired it though, just as his father had. Tom eventually passed the tugboat onto his own son.
My sister in law had only four teeth left. She grew up poor and could not afford dental care. The teeth were bothering her. She had to get them pulled. She has appointments to get dentures.
Kelly's preteen daughter was going to her very first sleepover. She had never been away from home and both of them were nervous. Luckily, Kelly's husband was very reassuring. Kelly relaxed and remained calm the rest of the night. The next day, her daughter returned perfectly happy.
A man wanted to see if he could trust his wife. He decided to fall backwards towards her. She wasn't expecting it. She caught him, anyway. He felt so relieved.
Bryan had a lump on his cheek. It had been really painful. Webmd as usual said something scary. The doctor tested it and it was just a cyst. The doctor said it would have to be removed though.
Ken never played the lottery but bought a ticket one time. He won the jackpot and became an instant multimillionaire. With so much money available to him, he could do a lot of good. He helped many charities. And as he was smart, he invested his money so it'd last a long time.
While walking, I spotted what I thought was a beehive. I called the local pest control to find out what it was. The gentleman came out and inspected the nest. Turns out, the nest is a type of wasp. Now, I know that we have Mexican wasps, not bees.
Wendy really wanted a new pair of louboutins. She searched numerous department stores but couldn't find anything. None of them were cute enough for her. Finally she stumbled across metallic gold ones. She immediately picked those up and purchased them.
Doug wanted a surf and turf dinner. He did not have the money for a fancy dinner. Instead, Doug purchased a can of tuna and a pound of ground beef. He used his imagination while eating to pretend it was surf and turf. Doug had a difficult time believing he was eating anything good.
Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses. He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile. He realized the sewing kit in his pocket fell into the haystack. Steve found the kit but was missing a needle. Steve looked at the pile and cursed out loud.
AJ wanted to go to the ColdPlay concert for his birthday. He couldn't find tickets because they were sold out. His best friend Brianna came over to surprise him with tickets. They went together and had a blast. It was one of the best nights of his life.
Charles smoked every day for twenty years. At age 40, he went to a picnic and played basketball. His breath was heavy because he was out of shape. After the game, however, he actually felt good. Now he plays basketball every day and smokes a lot less.
Anna cracked two eggs into a hot pan. The eggs sizzled and cooked when they hit the pan. Anna flipped the eggs with a spatula. The eggs were done cooking. Anna slid the eggs onto a plate.
Matt was a manager at the local Taco Bell. One day a worker was coming into their shift. Matt asked them to stay and close the place. The worker was hesitant and Matt  became angry. Matt threw a trash can at his employee and got fired from his job.
The boys all decided together to jump. They counted to 3 and then started over the cliff. Three of the four boys splashed into the lake. The fourth boy, still on the cliff, looked down at the boys. They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval.
My daughter was born last week. I have a ton of pictures to show you. She is so cute. She has a ton of hair. I am in love.
Em and Ed were neighbors, but they didn't get along. They had always squabble, but Ed wanted to be friends! So he sled Em over to play in his yard. She was suspicious, but she agreed to come and play. By the end of the day, the two were best of friends!
Dave was very nervous about his upcoming science test. He had never been good at science, and this test was especially hard. He studied with his friends at the library all week to prepare. On test day, he still felt nervous, but he did his best. The next day he found out he had passed and was very happy.
Jane was writing an essay about about cats. But Cindy chose the same topic too. When they finished their papers, they both looked very similar. Cindy and Jane got in trouble for cheating. But they never cheated.
Gabe rode his bike to school each morning. One morning he fell off his bike. Gabe sprained his ankle. A neighbor found Gabe and called his mother. Gabe's mother picked him up and brought him to the doctor.
I was excited to go to college. It was there I'd achieve my dreams of being an engineer. I took my first two years of classes, and came to a realization. They weren't teaching me anything at all about anything. And so, I quit.
Nala was at the aquarium. The rest of her class approached the touch tank. Nala hung back, shy and frightened. Later, though, she heard everyone talking about how great it had been! Nala wished she had dared to touch the tank, too.
Cay needed a new outfit. She went to the mall to shop. There she found the perfect outfit. She tried it on and loved it! Cay couldn't wait to wear her great new outfit!
The town parade route went right by Al's house. He wanted to spruce up his yard to impress the town. Al bought some flower boxes and filled them. He put reds in one, whites in another, and blue flowers in the last. When the town citizens walked by his house they loved it.
Ross loved doing magic tricks. He invited his friends over to watch his magic show. Ross said he could find a coin in an apple. He cut the apple in half and pulled a dime out of it. Nobody realized he had hidden the coin on the side of the knife.
Tabitha had decided to surprise her mom and dad. She was going to make them pancakes. Tabitha mixed all the ingredients together. She was quite good at cooking for her age. Her parents were impressed and enjoyed the pancakes.
Marianna enjoyed decorating for Christmas. She was in charge of decorating the 6th grade hall. She arrived earlier and stayed later than anyone each day. The halls were finished and she was pleased. The teachers and students were happy with their decorated hall.
My socks were getting very old. They were filled with holes. I could not afford new ones. I grabbed a sewing kit from my bedroom. I sewed myself some brand new socks.
Jay went to pick up his mail. He had a letter from the US Air Force asking for money. As soon as he saw this, Jay began to feel ill. He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground. Jay looked at it and pick it up with great effort.
Felicia ate so much food she got very fat. She couldn't get off the couch without some help. She tried but fell on the floor. No one was home, and she couldn't get up. Felicia was on the floor for hours until her husband came home.
Tom was playing outside in the rain. The next day, Tom felt sick. Tom's mother thought that he could possibly have a cold. Tom went to the doctor. Tom had a very bad cold.
Ryan was preparing for a job interview. But he was really nervous. He went over the same questions again and again. But he still didn't feel confident. Ryan decided to reschedule his job interview for the second time.
Andrea had a pool party one summer. She bought a pizza shaped pool float. People took turns sitting on it. Someone too heavy sat on it, causing it to deflate. She bought Andrea a new one.
Matt hated wearing glasses. He decided to try laser vision surgery even though he was nervous. He made the appointment and followed through despite his fear. The surgeon assured him it wouldn't hurt. The surgery was painless, and it made Matt's vision excellent!
I used to collect cigar boxes. A cigar store in my work building would leave them out. I collected quite a few wooden ones. I gave everything away when I retired. I kept one very ornate box.
Cheyenne had never been to a dance before. She put on the corset and hoop skirt followed by the bright pink gown. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she watched the others dance. When the tall, handsome soldier walked up to her she couldn't breathe. In the next second the world was a blur as he spun her in his arms.
We went to Hollywood Studios for the day on vacation. We got there first thing in the morning and stayed until the very end. We wanted to make sure we could see the Star Wars fireworks. We went on the Tower of Terror at night and then got ready. We watched the fireworks and Star Wars music and it was amazing.
Jon's dad wanted him to become a businessman. Jon wanted to be a pilot but he went to business school anyway. At the end of his studies, he created a small company. And when that went well, he bought a plane. Now he flies planes and owns his company.
I tweezed my eyebrows. I put black dye in them. I brushed them with an eyebrow brush. Then I coated them with a light layer of spray. They finally looked perfect.
I was sitting in class nervous. The school had just banned gum from class. I always get nervous when I am not chewing gum. When the bell finally rang, I bolted from the room. I could finally have that sweet piece of gum.
Gus was the farmer's oldest and dearest friend. He was twenty years old and spent most of his time on the hearth. The farmer was worried he would soon lose Gus and be alone. That winter, Gus barely moved from the fire. The farmer sat with Gus's head in his lap till Gus passed away.
I was hungry. I decided to make some bread. Alas, I had run out of yeast. The grocery store was closed! I decided to make bread without yeast and it was tasty!
Karen was really afraid of being in a shark attack. Her friends invited her to a trip to the beach, but she was nervous. Karen stayed up all night reading about sharks to prepare for the trip. The next day, Karen went with her friends to the beach. Karen had a good time and was not attacked by a shark.
There once was a dog that was wandering the streets. It had not eaten in days so it was very hungry. It decided that a garbage bin held some delicious food. After digging through it, it found a sandwich! The dog then left with a full stomach.
Joyce was sitting inside when the tornado sirens went off. She quickly ran down to her basement for safety. She heard loud, terrible sounds and could tell the storm was strong. She found her garage completely destroyed after the storm. Joyce was thankful that her house had survived.
Brenda saw an expensive new vacuum being advertised on TV. She always thought her old vacuum was loud and heavy. So she paid for the new slim and quiet vacuum she saw. She was amazed at its sleek profile and design. But it was so weak that it could barely clean her carpet.
Eric was standing with his mother at a Red Box. It was his turn to pick the movie to watch that weekend. He couldn't decide between an action film and an animated one. He knew his little sister would prefer the animated movie. He picked that one to take home.
My mom made lemon pudding for dessert. I wasn't allowed to have any until my brother got home. I stared at the pudding longingly. I couldn't take the waiting anymore. Suddenly, my brother came through the door and we all enjoyed pudding.
Tim got a new skateboard. The first time he used it he fell. He kept slipping and falling all week. He was almost going to give up. Finally after a month he was a great skateboarder.
I was awakened by a howling sound. I glanced at my clock and saw it was three in the morning. I rolled over and closed my eyes. The howling began again and I became afraid. In the morning I learned there was a tornado nearby!
Jerry was walking through the supermarket. He saw that the supermarket had a sale on pasta. The night before Jerry watched a cooking show about to make pasta. Jerry bought the pasta and went home. When Jerry got home, he made his pasta and was quite happy.
Mason had gotten into an argument with his parents. He was very upset. Mason needed some time to think. He went for a walk. When he came back, he had cooled off.
John believed he was a great baseball player. He decided to try out for the all star team. He kept advancing to the different rounds. Soon John was in the finals. John did not make the all star team after finals.
The people gathered to protest the court's ruling last week. They held signs and chanted loudly. The police stormed in and arrested them all. Now there are more protests in surrounding towns. The movement is gaining momentum!
When her baby was three months old, Joy had to go back to work. She brought the baby to daycare. That evening, she went into the daycare center. She found her baby pushed into the corner, wet and dirty. Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom.
Ben wanted to play baseball for his school. He signed up to tryout for the team. He practiced at home until he was ready. He went to the tryouts and hit every ball. The couch immediately put him on the team.
Tad and Tom were twins but had been raised apart. They met for the first time in their twentieth birthday. They discovered that they had so very much in common! Each liked and disliked the same things! Tad and Tom were inseparable best friends from that day forward.
Every weekend my son asks to play board games with me. We carefully pick out one of the many games that we have. We settle in and listen to music while we get the game set up. Usually we enjoy ourself so much we play multiple rounds. After we are finished, we pick up the games and have a snack.
Chad failed his class. He told his parents. His parents were mad at the teacher. They bribed the teacher. The teacher was not having it though.
Johnny was a terrible baseball player. His coach gave up on him early in the season. But little Johnny practiced after school every day. When the big final game came he was allowed to play. Unfortunately he was still terrible and lost his team the game.
I was cooking for a party. My friend had an idea for a great treat. He said to mix apples and scrambled eggs. I tried it just to see what it was like. The smell was so bad that people ran out of the party.
Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores. But they didn't have any chocolate. So they roasted marshmallows. They put them between graham crackers. They called them almost s'mores.
I have a cat named Madrigal Madrigal expects her dinner at 5pm and did not show up. I came home from work one night and couldn't find her, I was scared. I checked the under the bed, and even in the garage! Madrigal kept meowing and I finally found her locked in the bathroom!
Wendy went to the gynecologist. It was a man. She was uncomfortable. Wendy asked to see a woman. The man said it didn't work like that.
Will thought he could rap better than his friend Bill. He challenged him to a rap battle. Will practiced for weeks before the battle. In the battle he pretty good. Bill still beat him.
John had done some baking, but making a lasagna was new to him. Forgetting everything he learned about desserts was the first step. He took his time making it, which turned out to be fairly easy. After it was done baking, he pulled it out of the oven. He served it to his mother who said it was better than her own recipe.
Neil loved the Middle East. He especially loved Bahrain, and he was eager to finally see it. His plane landed and he hurried to his hotel. Then he set out to explore the city on foot. He found Bahrain was every bit as lovely as he had dreamed!
Carter liked to visit his uncle's farm. His uncle owned several horses. Carter liked to watch the horses run. Carter's parents decided to put him in riding school. Carter loved riding the horses.
Wyatt's hair was getting much too long. His mom decided to give him a haircut herself. She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away. He ended up with really short patches. She decided to go to a professional next time.
Roger loved sports. He decided to go to a live event. There was a basketball game and a hockey game tonight. Roger like basketball but he loved hockey. He went to the hockey game only to find out the tickets were sold out.
Amy allowed her friend Beth to borrow one of her library books. It was time to return them and Beth couldn't find the book. Amy was afraid to tell her mother she didn't have the book. After school they searched Beth's room and didn't find the book. Amy's mom was so upset she grounded Amy for a day.
Josh waited online for hours to meet his favorite singer. When it was his turn, she barely looked at him. She gave him her autograph and he was ushered away. He looked over his shoulder to see her treating others the same way. When he got home, he took down all of her posters.
Cindy was shopping at IKEA. She saw a cute pillow that she liked. The pillow didn't go with her current room decor. So, she decided to buy a bunch of new decor. She set it all up as soon as she got home.
Two troupes of bagpipers decided to re-enact West Side Story. But with bagpipes. They got as far as, When You're a Jet, You're a Jet. That's when the townspeople came for them. It's fortunate that no one was killed.
John was playing around the house. He tripped and fell into a vase. It shattered on the floor. John blamed the dog for it. The dog got in trouble.
I had the house to myself all evening. I made my favorite food for dinner. I poured a glass of my favorite drink. I settled in on the recliner to watch my favorite show. Then the power went out in the neighborhood.
Pat was having his in-laws over for thanksgiving dinner. They were separated and he had heard they didn't get along. He knew having them both there would make his wife happy. Within minutes the turkey was thrown out the window. Pat quickly realized why they never spent holidays in the same place.
Becca spends way too much money on bleaching her hair every month. She had to find a cheaper method to save some money. She ended up buying her own bleach so her boyfriend could bleach it. He ended up leaving the bleach in her hair for too long. Becca's hair completely fell out from the bleach being in too long.
Jim was looking for Pokemon all day. He wasn't paying attention where he was going. And he fell into a sinkhole near his house. He was trapped for 2 hours straight. He doesn't play Pokemon Go anymore.
Molly was due to play a duet for her piano recital. She hadn't learned the music well enough to be ready. Molly's best friend, Mary, knew that Molly wasn't really ready. During the performance, Mary covered Molly's bad notes. Molly was so thankful and relieved to have a good friend.
Abby recently learned of a reading challenge. In order to win the challenge, Abby had to read 25 books. In addition, Abby had to hand in a one page report on each book. Abby knew the challenge would be hard, but she could do it. Abby was anticipating being named the winner of the reading challenge.
A man went to the mall with a box of marbles. He took the box to the top of an escalator. When no one was on the escalator he dumped the marbles. As the marbles rolled down he cheered them on. The man called the first marble to his the next floor the winner.
June was having trouble paying all of her bills. She was in dire need of money and wanted to sell something. She perused her house before noticing a gift from her mom. It was an expensive antique snowglobe. June sold it and was able to pay her bills and rent.
Bob had a lot to drink one night. Against all better judgement, he made his way to his car. He drove too fast and struggled just to keep the car straight. He came to a red light, but didn't notice. Bob and the other driver in the intersection died on impact.
Doug was feeling tired. He slept really late last night. It was 7 AM and he had to get to work. He used his gift card at Starbucks on his way to work. He felt energized by the time he arrived.
Karen fell in love with a man from work. She found it difficult to separate work and personal time. Karen's love interest ended the relationship with her. She was devastated and had a hard time coping. Karen learned a very valuable lesson.
Pria bought some balls of wool to knit a sweater. But when she started knitting, her cat interrupted her. Soon it had entangled itself in the wool. Pria cut a small thread and let the cat play with it. And as the cat played on the carpet, she knitted on the couch.
Megan enrolled in a guitar-making course at the community college. This was her first foray in luthiery. She wanted to make a stratocaster-shaped guitar. She made the body from mahogany and the neck from maple. The guitar turned out beautiful and Megan was proud of herself.
Susie got a new dress. Her dress was so big and blue. Her mom told her to be careful not to trip. Susie was running up some steps. She tripped and tore a hole in her dress.
Ally's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work. Ally was sad because she couldn't leave her job to follow him. However they decided they were going to stay together. A year later Ally got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived. She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving.
Rob the beat cop, responded to a distress call. At the call site he found a radioactive sludge. He touched the barrel and was instantly given superpowers. He used his new superpowers to fight criminals. He finally retired from the force, to become a full time superhero.
My grandmother loves to knit. As a present, I decided to make her a quilt. I got help from my friends and family. We each made our own square and knit them together. My grandmother was pleased when we gave it to her.
When I was pregnant, I started craving peaches. One day, I ate a large fresh peach. The juice dribbled, and it was delicious. When I was done, my stomach started hurting. I was in pain for at least an hour.
Franked picked up his wife's nail polish smelling it deeply. He said he loves the smell. His wife, Karen, looked at him like he was crazy. Frank explained that it reminded him of an auto shop. Karen continued to look at him as if he was insane.
I had just turned 16 and had a brand-new driver's license. I had saved my money for a car of my own and was ready to buy one. I shopped around and found a car in my budget - a Chevy Chevette. It was really small, but it was mine. I was one happy guy.
Amy was so frustrated. Her kids had left a wet towel on the carpet. She threw it in the wash and felt the carpet. It was soaked! She yelled at her kids for being messy.
Fiona got her first haircut today. She had grown it for 11 years. The Hairdresser cut off 17 inches! Even better, Fiona decided to donate it. She decided to grow her hair out again to donate.
Kami's hamster escaped while she was at school one day. She looked everywhere when she got home. She almost gave him up for lost! Then she found him hiding under a shelf in her closet. Relieved, Kami returned him to his cage.
Tony had tangles in his hair. He picked up a big paddle brush. It did a great job of smoothing his hair out. Tony admired his smooth, beautiful hair. He bought several more of that amazing brush.
Ben was sick of reading fan fiction romance. He realized he wanted to experience the real thing. He went to online dating sites. He even to Craigslist to find a relationship. Finally, he acquired a date and began to experience the real thing.
The dream was coming every night now. I got into a terrible accident with my son in the car. I couldn't stop having the dream. I became so frightened I refused to leave the house with him. Eventually the bad dreams stopped.
After finishing my homework, I started to exercise. I got tired after 30 minutes. Although I was drowsy, I took my medication before sleeping. When I woke up, I checked my alarm clock. Since it was 12 in the afternoon, I decided to skip school.
Inez volunteered at the local seniors center. She got an idea for a event for the seniors. She would put on a ballroom dancing lesson. Only five senior attended her lesson. Inez still had a great time at the event.
Samantha was trying to save money. She had worked all summer. Finally, she had enough money. She had her eye on a video game. She went to the store and bought it.
Ted wanted to skydive, but he was afraid of heights! He decided to build up to his big jump gradually. He began jumping from steps, then windows. He soon lost his fear of being up high. He was then able to skydive with glee!
During a bowling match, two players got in verbal scuffle. One player grabbed the other's hat and tossed it down the lane. He then took his ball and rolled it at the hat. The hat was very compiled by the ball. Everyone but the hat's owner laughed.
It was very hot today. I decided to go for a long walk. I walked for two miles away from home. The sky went dark and it started to rain very hard. I had to run all the way home!
My cat Gregory woke me up this morning meowing. He rubbed his furry head on my face until I woke up. He purred until I got up to fix him his food. I filled his bowl with dry food and he meowed. Gregory ate of all his food and then we played.
Adam is trying reduce the amount of debt he has. In order to do this, he has been paying all his bills on time. Last month Adam paid off his car so that he has extra money monthly. With that extra money he can pay off other debt like hospital bills. Adam is working hard to be debt free so he can save for a home.
Ryan didn't like going to school. One day Ryan decided to skip school. Ryan instead went to the mall. Ryan's parents caught him skipping school at the mall. Ryan was grounded for several weeks.
There once was a little girl who loved ponies. She would take her ponies outside to play in the yard. One day while playing, the neighbor boy came over. He got angry and kicked her ponies in the mud. The little girl cried as she retrieved them.
Ed gave his girlfriend a box of Cracker Jacks. He kept asking her what the prize was. She opened it, finding a ring. Her boyfriend had replaced the prize with an engagement ring. It was the best Cracker Jack prize ever.
I was talking to my girlfriend. We were debating about feminism. I mentioned that females need to let their actions speak. She automatically assumed that I think females talk to much. Before I can explain what I said, she left.
The sun came out around noon. Mostly everyone on campus stayed indoors since outside was hot. I had to walk outside since my class was on the other side of school. I started to sweat all over my entire body while walking. Before going to class, I went to the bathroom to wash my face.
George has been saving up for a new bike. He worked every day mowing lawns. Finally he earned enough money. He went to the store to get his bike. Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike.
Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention. By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas. She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.
Gina couldn't check out new books at the library. She had to pay her fines first. The $5 in fines was a quarter of her allowance. But she paid the fines anyway. She was happy to be able check out books again.
Timmy wanted to know if flea circuses really exist. He thought it would be neat to have one. He searched online for hours trying to find one to buy. He could only find clipart pictures of flea circuses. Now Timmy knows there is no such thing as a flea circus.
Tara woke up to find out she was late for class. She panicked and got ready as soon as she could. Tara sprinted to class. Upon arriving, she saw that her classmates were arriving as well. Tara realized that she had forgotten it was daylight savings time.
Ana needed heels for prom. She went to three stores. But she couldn't find any shoes to match her dress! She asked her mom for help. Her mom lent her the perfect pair of shoes!
Gina left her key at home. She went to her room and checked her dresser. It wasn't there. She looked all over the floor and didn't see it. She sat on her bed trying to think of where else it could be.
Susie had a friend that was dying of cancer. It was far too much for her to handle. She did not know how she could deal with it. Finally her friend died and Susie broke down. She thought she could never move past it.
Liz dreaded going back to school because she had new braces. She practiced ways to cover her mouth so no one would notice. Liz kept her mouth tightly closed riding the bus to school. She entered her class and took a seat in the back. Then a classmate turned and smiled with a mouthful of braces.
Justine has always been interested in psychology. Justine worked at a convenience store for five Years to pay bills. Justine tried to go to college and work at the same time. Because she worked too hard, she kept failing math. Justine finally quit her job to pursue her academic career.
John was nervous about his science test at school the next day. He stayed up all night and studied very hard. He woke up late the next day and didn't have time to eat. He raced to school and sat down nervously. All the studying paid off and John aced his test.
John had recently graduated college. John applied to many jobs. One company required him to take an excel test. John watched and followed along with many online tutorials. John aced the excel test and got the job.
I bought a cheap used desk for work. It looked like it was meant for a hallway. I placed my small computer on top of it. It started to wobble when I typed. I just decided to make do with it the best I could.
Jim was looking for a girlfriend. He had no luck at bars or clubs. He tried to hit on girls at the library. It was awkward and he was constantly turned down. Jim decided to stop that pretty fast.
My cousins and I were playing videos games. My mom came into the house with high heels. She tried to walk across us. Since she didn't see the console, she stepped on it. The console ended up broken.
Ivy's period was almost a week late. She began to worry. She hoped she was not pregnant! Then, finally, Ivy got her period. She was so relieved!
Ryan was getting prepared for his interview for his first job ever. As he drove there, he was getting steadily more nervous. He approached her and she was very friendly. All of his doubts subsided and he nailed the interview. As he was leaving, he was told he got the job.
Karen proposed to her boyfriend last night. She walked right up to him and got down on one knee. He was so shocked, he started crying! People clapped and cheered when he nodded and said yes. They both look so happy, today.
Jason got a new pair of shoes. They were the coolest shoes in school. One day while wearing his new shoes it started to rain. The shoes got completely covered in mud due to the weather. Jason took his shoes home and cleaned them up just like new.
Tom was having trouble finding girls. He decided to try online dating. Nobody really replied to his ads. Tom was too shy to start a conversation with others. Online wound up as bad as real life.
I wanted to make some bath soap last week. I went online to find information on how to make this soap. It didn't take long before I had a full recipe! After gathering all of the ingredients I went to cook the soap. The next day, we were enjoying homemade soap!
Tony bought a grimy old bike. He blasted the frame with sand. He polished it and painted it. He showed it off to all of his friends. A month later, Tony sold it for four times what he'd paid for it.
Nora had taken her metal detector to the beach. She was scanning for treasures. Suddenly the detector beeped. Excited, Nora knelt and began to dig. Shs soon excitedly unearthed a 1905 nickel!
Walter was very scared of swimming in the water. The truth is Walter does not know how to swim. Walter is constantly getting teased by his friends because of his fear. However, his friends do not know about Walter's fear. Walter does not like going to the beach because of his swimming fear.
The teacher announced that there would be a vocabulary quiz in a week. The students decided not to define their terms. When it was time for the test, the students were not ready. The teacher gave out the quizzes and there were many complaints. Only a few students aced the quiz.
I could not find my keys anywhere. I had locked my bicycle up. I lifted my bike over the sign. Then I found my keys. They had been in the gears of the bike.
I took my dog for a walk one day. It was very sunny so he got hot. We walked to a nearby fountain. He drank a lot of water from the fountain. We then walked home and he fell asleep on the couch.
My mom didn't want to go to Subway for lunch. I told her it was healthy and they had a lot of choices. So we went, she got a chicken breast sandwich. After she finished she told me she now loves Subway. Now me and my mom go to Subway every Sunday.
Rob and Chelsea were dating for 7 years. She wanted to get married but he did not,so they broke up. Rob began missing her very much after 3 months of being apart. He knew that the only way to get her back was to marry her. So Rob bought a ring and proposed to Chelsea who happily said yes!
Garry's friends knew he had a soft heart for women. But one day that weakness costed him money. Garry let three girls from the neighborhood in his apartment. They slept on his sofa and insisted he sleep in his bedroom. The next morning, the girls and Garry's TV was gone.
Gina had accused her sister of stealing a library book from her. She found out her friend had borrowed the book. Gina had wrongly accused her sister of stealing. Now she needed to apologize. Her sister was still upset, but she accepted Gina's apology.
Will was a very good product design engineer. Will drafted up some ideas for the newest Apple product. Will sent them to the people at Apple. Will heard back from them because they loved his ideas. Now Will is a designer at Apple!
John did not know how to roller skate. His friend said that he would teach him. They spent all day practicing skating. John kept trying and got very good. Now he roller skates all over the neighborhood.
The handle on my desk broke. I decided to go to a hardware store for a replacement. The store had no properly sized handles. Instead I bought two small knobs for the handle holes. I have found they work just as well.
The family needed a new car. They had six kids and needed a van that would fit them all. They found one that had TVs in the seats. The kids were so excited to ride in it! The family loved their new van.
Caitlyn was a very pretty and smart girl, but she was mean to others. When someone made her mad, she would try to get others mad at them. She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things. Soon, her behavior made no one want to be friends with her. When she lost all her friends, she became very lonely.
The couple was on a date. They went to a local winery. They sampled lots of local wines. They took home a couple of bottles. It had been a nice night!
Anthony wanted to be a web developer, but couldn't afford college. He purchased HTML5 and CSS for Dummies. He read the book in two weeks and then built a website. He used that website to convince someone to pay him for a website. Although he made $500, he was more proud he built another website.
Geoffrey flew to Hawaii on a business trip. He needed to meet with investors in his new business. Geoffrey was not accustomed to the weather and fell ill. He was not able to make a pitch or contract the investors. Geoffrey went home empty handed and heartbroken.
Some of my friends and I went to New Orleans after Katrina. We helped work on cleaning a woman's house. We cleared out all the trash and debris from the flood. We got her house ready to begin restoring it. She was so grateful, she invited us back any time.
Ruth hadn't come over Gina's house in 2 months. So Gina was surprised when she knocked on their door. Her and her sister sat on the porch and talked to Ruth. She acted like nothing had happened. Gina and her sister decided to pretend they hadn't fallen out as well.
Alex had been on a diet. One weekend, she decided to take a break from her diet. Alex splurged on chips, soda, and burgers all weekend. Her body wasn't used to all the junk food. Alex began to feel sick.
Tom is a great ping pong player. He has grown up playing ping pong with his dad. His dad always beats him though by a great margin. Tom practiced very hard for a week. Finally Tom was able to beat his dad at ping pong.
Martha had just finished a romantic beach walk with her boyfriend. She was very happy except for one thing. Her shoes were full of sand. She didn't want to look silly taking her shoes off. Instead she ignored the sand until she was home.
Tom had never had caviar before. He tried it for the first time recently. The consistency was weird and the flavor muted. Tom didn't know why other people liked it. He didn't bother to give it another try.
Remy and Eli were watching their favorite show on TV. They thought the main character would die trying to save someone. But he miraculously survived. Remy and Eli had a great time. Their parents brought them pizza, which made things even better.
I tend to overthink quite a bit. A lot of people tell me it's a bad habit to have so I tried to fix it. I went to a therapist and talked to them for a bit. Finally I was able to fix my issue after much talking. I no longer overthink things anymore, usually!
Briana was at summer camp. Suddenly she heard sniffling in her tent. One of the girls was sad and homesick. Briana went and got an adult to help. Luckily the adult helped to calm the girl down.
Lucy went to the casino. She was eager to play some slots. Finally she won something. She won one hundred dollars. Lucy was so happy.
Darren is a man who never contracted poison ivy. He was convinced that he was immune to the toxic plant. As a joke, he stuffed a handful of poison ivy leaves into his pants. The next morning, his crotch felt like it was on fire. Jeff no longer brags about being immune to poison ivy.
A man walking into a restaurant and asked about the ingredients. The waiter was not sure about it so he went to ask the cook. The cook didn't know so he read the packaging descriptions. The waiter informed the man that the food was safe to to eat. The man thanked him and ordered something completely different.
Taylor wanted to try sushi for the first time today. He looked for a good sushi restaurant on the internet. Taylor ordered the waitress's recommendation. Taylor winced at the overwhelming taste of mayonnaise. Taylor decided he did not like sushi.
Sandy hadn't been home to see her family in a long time. She boarded the flight and flew back to her home town. She was excited, but nervous. Her family was there to greet her at the airport. Sandy was so happy and felt very loved.
Tom was driving his convertible. It started to rain all of a sudden. Tom was starting to get wet. He pulled over and put the top up. He was only slightly inconvenienced.
Sam's newspaper kept going missing. He asked his neighbors about it. Nobody knew why. Eventually he saw a stray dog taking it away. He scared it off and it never returned.
Louisa was nervous to start her first day at a new school. As she entered the school building she felt uneasy. She was afraid she wouldn't make any friends. Thankfully a nice girl Tina reached out and invited her to lunch. Louisa was happy to make a new friend.
We took our children to visit sick kids at a local hospital. It is world renowned for it's care for a particular disease. We took the kids gifts. They smiled and chatted for a long time. We left feeling happy and grateful.
Bob and his family were driving on the road. To grandma's house they went. But with a pop and skid, the wagon went off the road. Bob had to change a flat tire with the help of his son. They had to cancel the trip to grandma's.
Jon just graduated college. Jon couldn't find a job. Jon decided to apply to graduate school. Jon didn't get into graduate school. Thus, Jon killed himself due to depression.
Julia was trying to get some pictures with her family. Things were going well until her baby became fussy. She could tell he was tired and needed a nap. She tried taking pictures anyways but soon he was asleep. The family ended up loving the pictures with the sleeping baby.
Alex awoke late. She jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom. She skipped brushing her teeth. She threw on the clothes she wore yesterday. Alex ran out of the door only a minute later than usual.
Gina's crush Jamie hadn't been at school the day before. But his 3 brothers were back at school today. They were popular. She was too shy to ask where he was All she could do was wait and see.
Warren was jet skiing. He wiped out and crashed into some coral. He bloodied up his feet. While wading back to shore, he saw numerous shark fins. He realized they were attracted by the blood, and quickly swam away.
Alex was fired after arriving to work late five days in a row. Alex realized that it was time to seek a new job. Alex looked at the online classified ads. Alex scheduled an interview. Alex bought an alarm clock to help get to the the interview on time.
Tom had a cabin near a river. He would visit often. ONe day the river flooded. Tom's cabin was swept away. Tom was sad for years.
Sian lived a very lonely lifestyle. She was one of 5 residents on a small isle in scotland. Her best friend of these 5 was Steve. Steve secretly had a crush on Sian. Years passed, but Steve never said anything for fear of rejection.
Grace got a bad illness. Grace went to the hospital. Her parents wanted to do something nice for her. They rented a puppy that she could play with. Grace became very happy.
Gabby was graduating from high school. She went to a college to take a tour. She didn't know if she wanted to go to school there. She decided to go look at another one instead. She wanted the school to be the perfect fit for her.
Emily was climbing on a log. She got a horrible splinter in her hand. She used tweezers to pull it out. She missed a part that was stuck down in her skin. Emily got a horrible infection.
We lived in a condo in Brighton, MA. One day the condo changed property managers. The new manager sent a memo asking us to keep kids off the grass. I wrote an article which was published in the local paper. The manager backed down and let the kids stay on the grass.
The ladies hadn't been out for awhile, so they planned an outing. Their first stop was to eat fondue at a local restaurant. Later, they walked downtown and chatted. Then, they stopped by a local bar for drinks. They danced a bit and headed home.
My cousin came by my house today. Since he needed help in Pre-Algebra, I decided to help him out. I gave him a review on basic concepts such as integers. He understood everything when I talked about it. However, during a test, he instantly forgot what I've said.
Nola was invited to a house party. She had never been to a party before. When she arrived, she was shy at first. But gradually she began to relax and unwind. Soon, Nola was having a great time at the party!
Mary went to a cafe. At the cafe, she saw her friend Justin. After ordering coffee, Mary went to sit with Justin. They talked about what they were going to do that weekend. They decided they would go to the park together on Saturday.
Alfredo Redo liked money and women. But he loved taking other people's money most of all. Alfredo devised a scheme to embezzle an awful lot of money. He was caught by an unsuspecting office worker. Then he was found dead in the Mojave two weeks later.
Today I made my first attempt cooking Scotch Eggs. It all went to plan except I burnt my thumb pretty bad. As I dropped the egg into the hot pan it splashed oil on me. I finished cooking my dish and ran my hand under cold water. I tried to enjoy the food but my burnt thumb ruined it.
Allie and her friends spent time around the campfire. They loved telling ghost stories. They also loved s'mores. Allie started roasting marshmallows. When she tasted them they were great.
Timmy tried to study for an exam. His eyes started to close once he read several papers. Eventually, he fell asleep. His friends blew up on this phone since they were confused. Timmy didn't bother to respond to them.
During my first year of college I enrolled in a public speaking class. Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with. In the beginning of the class, my presentations were horrid. However, I became more and more confident in my ability to speak. Now public speaking has become second nature to me!
Tim always wanted a fast car like his friends. The problem was that he had one of the slowest card in town. He decided to get a part time job for some extra money. He finally raised enough money for a new car. He now races his fast car with those of his friends.
An archeologist named Jim went out to a new location one day. When he arrived, he immediately walked over to the dig site. Jim began to dig, looking for anything for several hours. After a long look, Jim discovered a small, mysterious animal bone. Jim took the bone to a lab, but the bone was unidentified.
Tina was only 20. But she noticed something. She saw a grey hair. She couldn't believe it. So she had to get her hair colored.
One day a crazy man climbed into a tree. The police were called. The man refused to get down from the tree. They waited for hours. Finally the man came down because he was tired.
Luke has always wanted to learn how to play the guitar. He decides to start practicing. At first he finds it very difficult. However, eventually he improves. Luke is glad to be learning the guitar.
Today I logged onto Amazon Mturk. I decided to try a new HIT. I completed a qualification to do the HIT. Then the HIT guided me to write a story. I wrote a short story, and completed the HIT.
Anita went on a solo camping trip. It was a five-hour drive out to the desert. She set up her tent and sleeping bag and waited for nightfall. By night, the sky was clear and full of stars. To Anita's delight, she could see the Milky Way.
Loudoun decided it was time to purchase a new microphone. He wanted to take his recording to the next level. Primarily interested in singing, he knew he needed something dynamic. He found a Shure58 microphone on a Black Friday sale and purchased it. Loudoun felt great joy as he listened to himself through his new mic.
The house had been abandoned. Everything was covered in dust. The new owner was going to clean it up. It took her two days to get all the dust off of everything. When she was done, it looked great!
Olga was about to begin high school. Olga needed to buy many things for the new school year. She went on the internet to the Amazon site. She found everything she needed in less than an hour. Olga had everything shipped to her house.
Jordan had begun playing football at age 8. He was a star player and continued to be one in high school. He hoped to go pro but injured his leg badly junior year. He thought his dreams were ruined and he'd never have a sports career. His guidance counselor suggested coaching, which he ended up loving.
Louis pined for Josephine who was his best friend's girlfriend. He knew she had no clue how he felt. Despite this, he brought her some chocolates for her birthday. She thanked him and kissed him on the cheek. Even though Louis didn't get the girl in the end, it was a good day.
Matt and his girlfriend went to Yosemite last May. His girlfriend hoped to see a lot of wildlife. They bought a fauna pamphlet and trail guide. They saw bears, deer and two coyotes. They had a wonderful trip and are excited to return.
George was having a very difficult week at work. To help him relax, his wife drew him a bath. She put in epsom salts and fragrant essential oils. As George soaked in the soothing concoction, his stress melted away. He felt refreshed and ready for a good night's sleep.
Tyler was  constantly late for work. His boss would get angry about his tardiness. Because Tyler was a great worker, his boss did not want to fire him. The boss decided to buy Tyler a watch. Tyler was never late for work again.
Briana and Sally were in kindergarten. They were always distracted by their toys so their teacher took them. The girls wanted their toys back. They snuck in during recess. Then, they got their toys back and went back outside.
Kat was walking outside. She accidently scratched herself on a nail on a fence. The scratch started to look infected. Kat went to the doctor. She had to be treated with a round of antibiotics.
Larson had bought a new house. He was putting his old house up for sale. Larson met with a real estate agent. They agreed on a price to sell the house. Larson and the real estate agent eventually sold the house.
Beth was pregnant. She had always heard how uncomfortable pregnancy was. The first time she had morning sickness it was terrible. Beth was so sick she could hardly stand. She was relieved when a  coworker gave her ginger tea for nausea.
Bea's mom told her that her dad had gotten a promotion. But it meant moving to a new state! Bea was so miserable that she had to leave her friends. But after a few weeks in the new town, she made some new friends. Soon Bea was happy in her new home!
Phil has many dogs. He taught them many tricks. One day, the dogs stopped listening to Phil. He went to the store to buy different treats. The dogs started listening to Phil again.
One day we decided to upgrade our software at the library. Our vendor told us he'd start at 9:15. He started MUCH later, throwing our schedule into chaos. Then, the vendor make unannounced changes as well,breaking many parts! Hours later than scheduled, all was restored to working order.
While I was in my room I heard the doorbell ring. I heard my wife answer the door. When I came out I saw the mailman at the door. We had received a package in the mail. He needed a signature in order to give us the package.
Moses went to Hardee's for breakfast. His speech was blurred, so the worker was alarmed. She called an ambulance, and Moses went to the hospital. Moses had a stroke. Moses passed away a week later.
I needed a new iPad. The one I had before was old. It became nonsensical. I wanted to change it for the Touch ID. I prefer the new one better.
Sam found the perfect apartment. He was set to move in and ready to go. At the last minute they tried to raise the rent. Same quickly figured out it was a scam. He was upset but decided to keep looking.
I think my cat is addicted to catnip. We put some on her favorite cat toy. We left it where she could find it. We found her going crazy over that toy. To this day, she cleans that thing.
One day I decided to go to the park. At the park I had a picnic with friends. We decided to eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. The jelly was a little bitter for my tastes. Eventually, after eating our sandwiches we decided to go home.
Kia found an old watch when cleaning her attic. She took it to a jeweler to get it appraised. The jeweler told her it was worth over a thousand dollars! Kia was shocked and elated. She had never expected the watch to be worth so much money!
Jake was playing basketball with his friends. He went up for a slam dunk. Jake won the game for his team. After the game, Jake shook the hands of his opponents. The other team thought Jake was very sportsmanlike.
Lara Bobara didn't want to say yes. The man was really pressuring her. She bit her lip and tried to explain how she didn't want it. He just came on stronger. Lara gave in, and bought the 15 pound block of ham.
I was up late one night watching television. I decided to get snacks from the grocery store. On the way there I got pulled over. The cop thought it was funny I was buying midnight chips. He let me go because I didn't look suspicious.
Our son ran a 5K race two weeks ago. He has not run since high school, 10 years ago. He worked out at the gym and ran a mile to prepare. On the day of the race, we saw him on FB looking tired. He managed to finish the race.
Mike was running out of closet space. Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes. He bought the supplies from the hardware store. He successfully installed the rung. Mike realized that he didn't have enough coat hangers.
I ran across my friend who I haven't seen in years. Since her stomach looked big, I told her congrats on the baby. She ended up slapping me in the face. As confused as I was, I asked her why. She said that the stomach was simply from her weight gain.
Hal was an administrative assistant to a local attorney. One day, Hal mixed up some incredibly sensitive documents. He violated HIPAA so blatantly that Hal and his boss both got fired. They also got sued, and lost. Hal can't even get work at the local fast food chains now.
Gina had to go to the store to buy bottled water. She only had enough for a few days. At the store the shelf where her water sat was empty. She saw a young man stocking a shelf and inquired about more. To her dismay they were all out of her water.
Susie was looking forward to the Easter egg hunt. Her mom told her it was time to find the eggs. All the eggs were hidden in the front yard. She looked everywhere and found them all. Then, she opened all the eggs for surprises inside.
Charity's friend had just left after a sleepover. She noticed not long after that her game device was gone. She was very suspicious that her friend had stolen the device. She told her mom, who called her friend's mom. Her friend finally confessed.
Eric liked to wrestle. He was the school star on the wrestling team. He always won his matches. Until his older brother wanted to try him out. Eric lost to his brother that day.
John's birthday party was yesterday. His parents threw a big party for him. They invited all his friends. They had all kinds of food. It was a really fun party.
Irving found a toy that he could not live without. He begged his parents to purchase it for him, but they said no. He decided he would work hard and save his money for it. It took him a lot of time to save up the required amount. In the end, he deposited his money instead of spending it.
While he was home in bed, Johnny got a call from a friend. They told him his hay field was on fire. Knowing the fire department was far away, he got in his tractor. Johnny plowed a fire line around the fire to try to hold it at bay. Because of his fact acting, he saved more than half this of his crops.
Anna had a cat. The cat had been gaining a lot of weight. She took the cat to the vet. The vet recommended a new food. Anna's cat started to lose weight.
Jerry got his wisdom teeth removed. He was knocked out during it. When he woke up, he started saying very random things. His parents were concerned. He got better in an  hour.
Samantha wanted to make money. She decided to make and sell cinnamon rolls. After she told her neighbors about her plan, they ordered the treats. Samantha baked all day and delivered the desserts. She made a lot of money.
Megan started writing a blog of her opinions on movies. She set up affiliate links in the articles. They brought in no money. One day she had a massive viewcount on one of her articles. The affiliate advertising yielded a few dollars that day.
Marlene wanted to buy new furniture. Marlene could not leave her house due to disability. Marlene called the furniture store to purchase furniture. The store said they can deliver furniture. Marlene was able to get new furniture without leaving the house.
Stephanie went to Six Flags for the first time. She had never been on a roller coaster before. Her friend told her she would ride with her to encourage her. They got on the roller coaster and waited for it to start. When it began, the girls screamed, laughed, and had a lot of fun!
I had to go to class today despite being sick. I had a big test that counted for a big portion of my grade. I showed up sick and finished the test. When I turned it in, I accidentally sneezed on the paper. The teacher saw and she didn't accept the paper.
Lee hated bugs of any kind. She was going fishing for the first time. When it was time to hook the worm Lee passed out. The whole fishing trip quickly came to an end. Lee was super embarrassed of her reaction to the worms.
Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea. He swam between a large rock, and was shocked by what he saw. A large eel darted out after him. Lucas grabbed the eel and wrestled with it. The eel swam away after biting off a chunk of Lucas' arm.
Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car. So Dina went to the dealership. She soon found out that the it was deceptive. The dealer only gave cheap cars for people with perfect credit. So Dina ditched the dealership.
My first day of the semester was over when I walked out of class. This beautiful lady from my class greeted me. She asked for me number since she wanted to hang out. I gave it to her and we hugged afterwards. We became good friends several days later.
I went to jail one day for old tickets. I felt I needed to get out of there. So, I faked an illness and said I need medical attention. They called the ambulance to come and get me. After I left the hospital, I went home.
The money for the new house was placed in an escrow account. We decided to meet at the realtor's to make the final exchange. We were all excited and nervous. The lady we purchased the house from was very friendly. We had a good meeting, and everything went smoothly.
Fish flies come in season in my town during the hottest summer months. They come from the Mississippi River and swarm every light pole in town They are these huge fishy smelling bugs that only live for a day. One time I got one stuck up the back of my shirt. Although I about died trying to shake it out, I think it's funny now.
Freddie hated how she always had damaged hair. So she got some scissors to cut it off. She thought she cut all the ends off. But she kept getting more. Freddie decided to just wear wigs instead.
Sarah is really trying to get into shape for her wedding. She hasn't had much luck yet and she feels lost. She is just running but she doesn't seem to loose any weight. She read a book that told her to mix cardio and weightlifting. She started doing that and immediately started seeing results.
Tom had a hand me down waterbed. He didn't really like it much. He decided to put a hole in it to get a new one. Unfortunately the hole was too big. Water filled most of Tom's room.
Gina went to find her school bus to go home. She arrived in time to see the buses driving off, one by one. As they drove past her she pretended not to care. She called her mom, but she didn't answer. Gina walked all the way home alone.
Bill was on a thirty minute layover in Houston. He was exhausted from his first flight so he stopped at Starbucks. He knew he had plenty of time to catch his flight. Starbucks took a few minutes too long. He missed his flight by one minute and made him wait another day.
Barry liked fedoras. His wife told him they weren't cool. He didn't listen to her. He decided to buy a whole ton. She bugs him about it.
Every night Jim heard a tapping. He searched the house to find what it was but couldn't. One night when he couldn't stand it anymore he yelled in frustration. The noise stopped suddenly and Jim realized his leg shaking had stopped His frustration was making his leg move which caused the noise.
Stephen wanted new shoes. He went to a high end store. He saw alligator shoes there. He debated buying them. He bought them anyway.
Casey wanted to be a pro batter since he was a kid. He played baseball for all of high school and college. He was never scouted by a team and ended up giving up. He got his medical degree and now practices medicine. Now he wishes that he never gave up.
Evan rifled through his paperwork. He couldn't find the documents he needed for school! He looked in his filing cabinet as a last result. He finally found what he was looking for. He grabbed the papers and ran back to school.
Tom was driving home from work. The freeway was moving really slowly. There had been a big pile up right before. Tom had to wait for over an hour to get home. It was frustrating but inescapable.
Tara was under a lot of stress. She had many exams at school. She also had a full time job. She decided to take up yoga. She found the yoga relaxed her and reduced her stress.
Allie was bored. She had a trampoline outside and decided to use it. She jumped up and down on it. She was having so much fun. Thankfully she could go on it for hours.
Kate's mom wanted to do her hair for picture day. Kate didn't want her to choose an old fashioned style. But there was no reasoning with her mother. She fashioned her hair into a pompadour. She felt she looked like an old woman.
We had been staying with my aunt and uncle. One night my mom told me that we were moving in with her boyfriend. I cried until my nose bled. My grandparents called to talk to my mom. She moved in with him and I moved in with my grandparents.
The man looked up at the sky. The clouds were getting dark. As he walked it began to rain. He was glad he brought his umbrella. A car drove by and splashed him from head to toe.
My friend and I decided to get a job at Little Caesars. We were hired on the spot, and worked there for a month. After a month, we found out we were moving to another state. When we told the manager, he wasn't happy. He told us to turn in our uniforms and leave.
When I was ten, I went on a trip with my family and my uncle. We had a lot of fun until one night there were beets on the table. I found them weird and didn't want to try them. My uncle forced me to try and no one stopped him. Since then, I still can't eat beets as it reminds me of my uncle.
Matt got a job as an insurance agent. He gets paid mostly on commission from his sales. Matt got almost all of his friends to buy insurance his first week. He even convinced some family members to buy too. Matt's first commission check was a very large amount.
The boy moved to the front. The teacher noticed. She talked to the boy after class. He was having trouble following her. She got the boy a tutor.
The entry street to the neighborhood is wide and low in traffic. Tall saguaro cacti grow on each side of the street. One day a large bird nest appeared on one cactus. The local news was called about two baby hawks in the nest. Now the entry street is always busy with bird viewers.
Sally was starting rumors about another girl in glass. She would tell everyone that Alice lived in cardboard box. Everyone thought the rumors were true. But Alice opened her cell phone and showed people pictures. Her house was the largest in town.
When Bruce got home from school he turned on the radio and sang along. He thought he was alone but his mother was listening in the next room. At the end of the song there was a pause and he heard her cheer. Bruce sang an encore performance for his mother. The mother was proud of her musical son.
We have an old comforter in the closet. It is a bag and labeled cat. Our cat put a lot of fur on it. My wife took it out to clean yesterday. She gave up and said she would buy a new comforter.
Kevin went to a movie theater alone. He sat in the back of the theater and watched a karate movie. He heard several loud thumps that weren't supposed to be in the movie. Then a burst of sunlight entered the theater. Young martial artists had kicked open the door to the theater.
Jenny had always been fascinated by bees after learning about them. She asked her mom if she could visit a beekeeper to learn more. Her mother took her to visit a beekeeper. Jenny spent the entire day learning about bees. Jenny decided she will be a beekeeper when she grows up to help bees.
Michelle worked at a daycare. Every day she had to change a lot of diapers. Michelle vowed when she had kids she wouldn't change any diapers. Michelle decided to adopt children who were already potty trained. Michelle's lack of desire to change diapers helped orphan children.
Rachel loved to write. She decided to create an anonymous blog to write for. Her blog started to become popular. Eventually she revealed her identity. Rachel is now famous because of her blog.
Jane was about to move and she couldn't find her dog. It seemed the dog had run away and now she had to leave. Her family traveled halfway across the country in the move. Jane was depressed about her dog not being there. Five months later her dog showed up a little worse for wear.
Kim was preparing to go to a gala that night. She had the choice of two dresses and couldn't choose. She picked one at random and put it on. When she arrived at the gala, the host was wearing the same dress. They smiled at each other congratulating their good taste.
I had a friend named Mike. We grew up together. He started spending too much time with my girlfriend. I realized that Mike is not a nice person. Mike and I are not friends anymore.
Ethan attended class for the first time. The teacher asked everyone to share a story from the summer. Ethan couldn't think of a good one. He then remembered when he went to a music festival. He talked about how rad that was for him.
Natalie had auditioned for the lead in the school play. She won the part and was super excited. She rehearsed for weeks and weeks. On opening night, she acted her little heart out. The play was a huge success!
Jim went to the coffee shop and ordered a black coffee. When it was delivered, it had sugar in it. Jim knew it had sugar and instead of telling the waitress, he drank it. When she brought the bill, he left a horrible tip. The waitress wondered what had happened.
Today at the hotel the corporate inspector came through to inspect. He tested the receptionist on her knowledge of the company. Then he examined the rooms for filth. The inspection was going great until he went to the pool. It was a little green and there were 3 bodies floating in it.
Tom was driving through his city. Tom was listening to the radio. The radio announced a prize for the 10th caller. Tom called repeatedly and finally got through. Tom was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize.
Tom had just gotten paid. He was going to cash it when he realized he didn't have it. He had forgotten it back at work. Tom had to wait until the next day to pick it up. He did so first thing in the morning.
Kelly decided to run a race with her friends. At first she was doing well. Then she slipped and fell. She ended up scraping her knee. Thankfully she has a band aid on her?
Bob and his kids love football. Their favorite team is losing Bob and his kids are sad to see their team losing. Their team wins the game in the end. Bob and his kids share a hug to celebrate the win.
Freya was getting too big for her cot. Her mummy and daddy decided it was time for her to have a proper bed. They went to the shop and Freya tried out all the beds on display. They bought one, took it home and Freya even tried to help build it. She settled in the bed right away and slept right through the night!
Emily had a paper due for class. She waited until the night before to do it. When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends. They had stopped by to hang out with her. The next day, Emily's paper was not done.
She opened the energy drink and took a sip. Her son ran in and asked what she had. He wanted to have a taste. He took a big drink and smiled. He told her it tasted like lasers.
The tenth grade class at Hamilton High took a field trip to the zoo. They got to feed the giraffes. One of the giraffes sneezed on a girl. Everyone laughed. The girl's friends helped her clean up.
Armando bought new roller skates. He fell down while skating at the park and could not stand up. An ambulance took him to the hospital. The doctor told him that his ankle was broken. Armando decided not to roller skate again.
The woman got her ears pierced. She didn't clean it properly. It became infected. She put on some antibiotic. The infection got better.
Nate was a smoker. He smoked inside with his children. One of his children developed a chronic cough. Nate decided to start smoking outside. Nate's son cough went away.
I was in the city choir. However, I was the worst one there. Everyone told me to quit. I had a good idea. I decided to simply move my mouth and act like I was singing.
Jill was at her grandmother's house when she noticed a big book. Her grandmother grabbed it and sat down next to her. Her grandmother opened it and Jill saw it was a photo album. Jill sat and listened as her grandmother told stories for each picture Jill left and bought her own album to write her own story.
We bought a Kia in 1999. We bought a new Sephia for $9000. It was not a bad car. We had several warranty issues about the horn and radio. My wife said she would never buy a Kia again.
The girl wrote a word. It was not spelled correctly. She showed her mom. Her mom did not notice the mistake. The girl never learned to spell the word correctly.
John had sown many vegetables in Autumn. The next spring, he went out to the field to check on them. He discovered a large group of ripe carrots. John picked them all and brought them home to make a soup. John decided he would garden again next year as well.
Nicole forgot her lunch at home. She did not want to buy school lunch. She called her mom. Her mom brought the lunch to her. Nicole was happy she got to eat her home lunch.
My friend invited me to go to church today. Although I was hesitant, I accepted her offer and came on Sunday. The people were very kind to me during the service. The pastor also took an hour of his time to get to know me. When I walked out, I was extremely happy.
The baby monkey was the newest addition to the zoo. People came to see him in droves and he was soon very famous. When the monkey grew up, he sired a family of his own. These monkeys were very smart and people loved to watch them. The monkey was famous his whole life.
Paul was at the beach taking a break from swimming. He was laying on his towel enjoying the heat when he fell asleep. An hour later, he woke up to a sharp pain. His skin was blistering red, burnt in the sun. He retreated home where he applied lotion to cool his skin.
Jason loved going to the zoo. His favorite spot in the zoo was the lion exhibit. One afternoon, the lion got upset and roared at the crowd. Jason got scared and peed in his pants. Jason no longer likes the zoo.
Karen didn't have a boyfriend for Valentine's Day. Her brother knew that she might feel sad this holiday. He sent her chocolate covered strawberries to brighten her day. They were delivered to her and she was pleasantly surprised. Her brother's thoughtfulness made her Valentine's Day special!
Yesterday I decided to dye my own hair. I got a box from the drugstore to try out. I immediately opened it up and put the stuff on my head. When I was done it looked horrible. I knew not to do that again.
Daniel was playing a game of cards. He had bet all of his money on this hand. Daniel was sweating nervously. Daniel revealed his hand. Daniel won the game.
Chanel wanted to take a trip to Paris. She was talking to some experienced travelers. They recommended that she learn the language before going. Chanel agreed and signed up for a class. Within weeks, she was learning French.
I played speed chess with my friend Jim today. I lost the first game. I was losing in the second game. I managed to get a draw by capturing all of his pawns. It was a good game.
My family recently got locked in an escape room. They give you clues how to get out. We had one hour to escape. The clues were very tricky. We missed escaping by thirty seconds!
Ellie was menstruating. She had terrible cramps. She told her mom about her troubles. Her mom gave her some ibuprofen and hot tea. Soon Ellie's menstrual cramps had eased.
My son was afraid of water. At 13, I still had to help him take a shower. The water went over his head and he freaked out. His autism was kicking in hard. He couldn't calm down for a long time.
The performer was ready to go! She walked out on stage and heard the applause and cheers. The stage was her favorite place to be. The put on a great show for her fans. When it was over, they all threw flowers up on the stage.
Susy had lost her cat this morning. She looked everywhere for it. Yet it was nowhere to be seen. Susy was giving up hope. But finally her neighbor found it for her.
Ella loved to garden in her backyard. One day, her garden had been destroyed by a groundhog! She wanted to get rid of it in a humane way. She caught it in a trap. Her garden was never dug up again.
Sarah was at the grocery store. She needed to get her stuff home but had no car. She began walking with several big grocery bags. They were too heavy and she kept having to pause. It took forever, but she eventually made it home.
He had a craving for chicken. He wanted to try the fast food place he saw. He said he didn't agree with their beliefs. Still, he decided to try it. He ate a grilled chicken sandwich and loved it.
Tom was excited to go on a date. The day of the date he called to make sure they were still on. The girl never answered. Eventually Tom got a text message from her. She had to cancel her plans with no reason given.
Charles had never been to Las Vegas. His friend suggested they go to Las Vegas. Charles was promised the best time of his life. In Las Vegas they went to a club that had private rooms for dancing. Charles had the thrill of his lifetime in a private room with a model.
Rane was in a terrible car accident. He sustained lots of injuries. The worst was his face, which was disfigured. His insurance company agreed to pay for reconstructive surgery. He successfully underwent the facial surgery.
Amy wanted some flowers to decorate the entrance to her home. She visited a boutique to find the perfect set. When she arrived, she was surprised by how helpful the employees were. With their help she was able to find some flowers she was happy with. At home, she placed them in her doorway, happy with the result.
Alexis goes to Middle School and had recently taken interest in a boy. The boy, Charles, asked her out and she said yes. Alexis's parents didn't know about this and this made her anxious. She decided to tell her parents about it, expecting to get grounded. Alexis was happily shocked to discover her parents approved of it!
Maria was in love with a man. He was much older than her however. Her parents disapproved of such a relationship. Maria went with her heart. And lived to marry this man at last.
Louisa decided to go in the woods. She took a step but was frightened. She heard something rustling. She saw a bear. She immediately ran off.
Debra was having a good time at the casino. She was playing the slots. Bored and talking to her friend. She pulled down the lever. Jackpot winner! she had won it all.
I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions. Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS. I knew the audition was a long shot, but I practiced for months. The day of the audition I played well and was excited. I did not win, but was the only person to advance.
Andy was a depressed young adult. His friends were worried about his health. They convinced him to go to a therapist. He was apprehensive at first. However, he soon became comfortable in his own skin.
Bo decided to go fishing. While out on the ocean, his fishing boat lost power. Bo's boat drifted south for a couple of days. When another boat finally spotted Bo, it was a pirate ship. Bo and the pirates now travel the world plundering other boats.
Jim was woken up by his cat this morning. His cat was hungry and wanted to be fed. Jim tried to ignore the cat and go back to sleep. The cat kept swatting Jim's face. Jim gave up and got out of bed.
Wallace hated his job. He tried really hard to find a new one. He went on a lot of interviews. Finally he got a job offer. He was so happy at his new job!
Neil was exploring Amish countryside. He decided to learn more about Amish culture. He hired a local guide to instruct him. He learned about the simple values of the Amish. Neil thought their culture sounded quaint and beautiful!
Cara felt rather queasy yesterday morning. She decided to take a pregnancy test. To her delight she found out she was pregnant. Cara immediately got on the phone to tell her family. Her family and husband were thrilled.
Tom was excited to be on Wheel of Fortune He practiced a bit before going on the show. Once there he got second place. He won some money and prizes. He had a great time.
Kim was on vacation in the Bahamas with friends. She wanted to buy snacks so they went to a store. Kim was shocked to find a bag of Oreos was $7. Kim decided to buy the snacks anyway. She ended up paying $12 for the Oreos and half a gallon of milk.
Ella was always jealous of her sister, Connie. Connie seemed to breeze through schoolwork with ease. Ella didn't think she was as good as Connie. Then Ella sang in the school musical, amazing everyone. Ella found that she had different talents than Connie.
Ashley wanted a perfect tan. She was outside. She kept moving her chair to have an even tan. There was a light post casting a shadow. Her tan looked very nice.
I am saving up money to buy a new computer. I put change in a jar and roll it for deposit every few months. After two years I am almost halfway to my goal. I am starting to think I should be saving more money somehow. I've begun drawing up amateur business strategies.
One day Jane was sitting in her kitchen when she heard a large boom. The boom made the whole house shake! It turns out someone's car brakes failed and they ran into her house! Luckily no one was hurt and they both had insurance. Jane got her house fixed and hoped it wouldn't happen again!
When I was younger, I was lactose intolerant. Everyday at school lunch, students had to take milk. My mom gave me a note that said I could bring my own water. One day I forgot my note and had to drink milk. As a result, I threw up all over my chicken nuggets.
Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past. It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up. She drove around a large curve in the road. On the other side she could see there were more cars waiting. Gina was shocked to see the cars were backed up for half a mile.
Everyone thought it was funny that Rocky played hockey. Out of all the sports to play, it's the one that rhymed with his name. In college he started going by Rocket. You'll never guess what kind of scientist old Rocket is. Well, Rocket prefers the term Aerospace Engineer.
Sarah and her brother Tom were playing hide and seek. Tom was hiding but Sarah couldn't find him anywhere. She had looked everywhere except the basement, which she feared. Facing her fears, she tiptoed down the stairs. She found him and was proud to have been brave!
The man packed his suitcase. Some of his stuff would not fit. He could not decide which things not to pack. He bought a bigger suitcase. All of his stuff would fit into the suitcase.
Mary did not like shopping. The store was always very loud and too crowded. Mary needed to get groceries every week. She checked the store to see when it was least crowded. Mary was able to get her shopping done with timing.
Gina and her sister were watching a video by NWA. Gina thought Eazy- E was cute. Her sister saw her smiling and made fun of her. Gina denied having crush on the rapper. She watched the rest of the video while hiding her smile.
Myra stayed on the third floor in her apartment. The apartment didn't have stairs. Myra had fallen and broken her hip. A tenant on the first floor was moving out. The landlord allowed Myra to switch apartments.
Mittens wanted to play with the yarn. The yarn was in a tote bag. Mittens examined the totebag with her prize. Carefully, she stuck her paw into the bag. She successfully clawed the yarn out to play!
Dean was reading a scary book. He was at home alone. His parents were getting home late. Dean had trouble sleeping because of the book. He stayed up till his parents came back.
When I was twelve my dad told me it was time to learn responsibility. He bought me a lawn mower and some index cards. He told me to write my name and number in the cards. I went all over the neighborhood, putting the cards in mailboxes. That summer alone I made five hundred dollars!
James was riding his bike home from school. He decided to turn right at a stop light. When James turned his handlebars came right off. He went careening into a bush. James was fine but had to walk the rest of the way home.
Benny went to a restaurant with a friend. They agree to share a pizza. Once the pizza came, they broke it into several pieces. Benny tried to add a sprinkle of salt into the pizza. The cap of the salt fell loose and all of it spilled on the food.
As I walked to school, I could feel that something was wrong. However, I just couldn't figure out what. Then it hit me. We have a big physics exam today! My heart sunk, because I had no hope of passing.
I woke up this morning and was so excited. It's Christmas today, and Santa came! I came downstairs to lots of gifts under the tree. My sister and I sang with glee. Christmas is my favorite time of the year.
It was Phil's big night at the Grammy's. He had practiced his acceptance speech all month. When the time came he was called up for best new act. Midway through his speech someone threw a clod of dirt at Phil. It seems not everyone was a fan.
Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.
Bob was in the army. In Iraq, a bomb exploded and made him deaf. He returned to America in a state of depression. But, he was determined to make the best of his situation. He started a non-profit for deaf veterans and was successful!
My friend Tom lives in Greenfield, MA. He decided to grow Christmas trees on his land. He had a nice farm and sold many trees a few years ago. Business was never constant and he stopped growing trees. He ended up working as a custodian.
Sara walked in door and water was dripping on her head. The water was coming from the light on the ceiling. Directly above the light was the bathroom. The ceiling was removed but no pipes were leaking. The ceiling never leaked again but Sarah was afraid to fix it.
I moved in with friends again. We didn't get along, and I started an affair with my friend's husband. He left her and moved to Dallas. I eventually moved with him to Arkansas. We settled down, but I wasn't happy.
Me and my friend were out fishing in the middle of a lake. We were seeking the largest fish we could find. The first fish he caught was a foot long. The first fish I caught was two feet long. After that we didn't find any more fish.
Christmas day was upon us, and everyone in the family was happy. My family always gets together on Christmas to spend time together. All of the children were laughing and playing. They were even asking how long until they could open presents. Everybody tore open presents together and enjoyed their gifts.
Jan was driving when a lens popped out of her eyeglasses. Suddenly the road before her looked alarmingly blurry. She slowed down and carefully pulled out of traffic. Feeling around on the floor, she was fortunate to find the lens. She carefully popped it back in and was able to get home safely.
Kia had driven a school bus for 20 years before being laid off. She found an ad saying Bus Drivers Wanted a few weeks later. She responded, but got a surprise. The hiring company wanted someone to drive a bus full of convicts! Kia said she wanted to drive students, not criminals!
Tom was playing Monopoly with friends. He didn't want to lose. He kept taking money when nobody was looking. Eventually someone noticed. Tom was kicked out of the game.
Jenny was not always this good at sales. She honed her skills by selling cookies door-to-door as a girl. Summers, she expertly courted new clients to her dog walking business. After college, she combines her experience with a degree in business. Now Jenny is known as the best salesperson in the state.
Tom was a sound engineer. And it was his first day of work. He had to set up speakers for a night club. But they constantly made harsh screeching noises. After everyone left the nightclub in anger, Tom was fired.
Sam was babysitting his baby brother. Sam was watching TV when he heard a loud noise. His baby brother broke his mother's favorite vase. Sam cleaned up the mess. Sam apologized to his mother when she came home.
The kids were walking around the pond. They saw some ducks swimming through the water. They threw bread crumbs to the ducks. The ducks gobbled the crumbs up. The kids ran home to get more for them.
Tim was making some breakfast. He decided to make some toast. Unfortunately his toaster didn't work well. Tim wound up burning the toast. It created enough smoke to set off the smoke alarm.
Jack was the tallest kid in his kindergarten class. He hated being the tallest one among his friends. Whenever they played hide and seek he was always spotted. This time Jack decided to be the catcher in the game. Jack used his height to help spot where the other kids were hiding.
Kiki learned of a new way to make cheese burgers. She was going to cook the cheese in the middle of the burgers. She patted out the burgers and loaded them with cheese. After she put them on the skillet she walked away. The burger burnt to the skillet.
Linus gave Shannon a flower. I saw him buy it from the flower seller. He asked her for the prettiest one. She gave him a purple one with yellow flecks. Shannon was all smiles when he gave it to her.
Kelly and her friends went to the beach for the day. They swam and picnicked and had a great time. Before leaving, Kelly shook the sand from her purse and shoes. But for the next few weeks, she found sand all over her car and home! She was mystified that so much sand had tracked home with her!
Billy went to the bank. He made a forty dollar deposit into his savings account. Five years later he went back to the bank. He asked to withdraw the money he had deposited. The bank teller told him his account now had fifty dollars.
Ruth's neighbor was religious. She invited Ruth over for a bible study. Ruth reluctantly agreed. They read several passages and discussed them. When they were done, Ruth went home.
Gina decided not to cry at her grandpa's funeral. She wanted to remain composed. She would cry when she was alone. But as the pastor spoke she glanced at the body. The ensuing wave of emotion forced her to cry against her will.
Sandra was sitting on her new porch. She'd just built her new house and it was her favorite feature. She sat out front and waved when people walked by. She got to know all her new neighbors. She felt at home in her new community.
Nathan got a toy rocket for his birthday. He launched it in the back yard. The rocket landed on the roof. Nathan's mom got out a ladder. Nathan's mom climbed up to the roof to reach the rocket.
Jack was with his aunt at an amusement park. They took a break from the rides to eat lunch. Jack filled up on pickles and lemonade. His aunt wanted to walk around but he wanted to the rides. On the first ride after lunch Jack vomited all over his aunt.
Alex was sad he broke his favorite bowl. it was worse since the store no longer carried the bowl. Alex came home from school and sulked off to his room. On his bed was a box. Alex jumped for joy to see a Spiderman bowl his mom bought online.
I was trying to talk to my bad about a homework assignment. He tried to ignore me since he was frustrated from work. I felt bad and apologized to him for being annoying. Instead of forgiving me, he became more furious. He literally kicked me out of his room and closed the door.
My brother's brother in law collapsed one day. He had post polio syndrome. He needed a tube in his stomach and a catheter to his bladder. He was in a nursing home for two months, but got released. He recently had the tube and catheter removed.
Jonas was never comfortable with public speaking. His boss gave him a speaking slot at the monthly meeting. Jonas was extremely apprehensive about how he would perform. He prepared and practiced his speech until he knew it thoroughly. Jonas received many accolades from his colleagues about his speech.
Tim bought a new house. Immediately, the plumbing started leaking. Tim was frustrated. It was going to cost a fortune to fix! Tim wondered if homeownership was really that great.
The woman cut her hair short. She did not like it. She went back to the hair stylist. They shaved her head. She picked out a wig.
Greg was in a heavy metal garage band. One day Greg found a lost demo tape. The tape was a shameless ripoff of his own music! Greg decided to pass the tape off as his own. He sent it to a record label and they immediately signed him.
Tonight, my mom ordered Mexican food for family night. She got it from my favorite Mexican place in town. When it arrived, it was hot and smelled wonderful. We devoured it with gusto. Family night is my favorite.
I had a bracelet with a silver charm. One day while running, I fell and the bracelet broke. I looked and looked for the charm, but couldn't find it. I gave up and thought it was lost forever. A week later, I found the silver charm on the ground.
Tom didn't have much money. He wanted to get his girlfriend a gift. He decided to carve her a small figurine. His girlfriend was not very impressed by it. Tom found it in the trash weeks later.
My wife was working on a project. She drew a lot of squares. She cut the squares out of the paper. She glued the squares together. She made a cube for her project.
The man turned on the television. There was breaking news on the screen. Something very bad had happened. The man turned off the television. He tried his best not to think about the event.
Tim was going bald at a young age. He was really embarrassed by it. Tim tried different cures to try and fix it. None of them worked. Tim eventually shaved his head and dealt with it.
Monroe tried out for the tennis team at school. He didn't make the team this year. His coach told him he needed to work on becoming faster. All winter long Monroe worked on his speed. The next summer Monroe tried out again and made the team.
Architecture fascinated Bill. Architecture was one of Bill's favorite topics. He would stare at pictures of interesting architecture everyday. He even tried to make his own designs. They were so good he was actually able to make some of them.
Nate was making a seafood-themed dinner. He cooked mahi mahi and potatoes. Then he remembered he needed an appetizer. He decided to make shrimp and cocktail sauce. His appetizer was perfect to fit his themed dinner!
Alicia went to a restaurant with her friend. When they got to the restaurant they were waiting a long time. They almost considered leaving. Luckily they finally got service. But Alicia didn't want to go back again.
I was driving into town yesterday with my windows open. When I stopped for a red light I gave a yelp. A yellow jacket had flown through my car window! It had landed right on my lap. I smacked it as hard as I could and instantly regretted it.
I always try to recycle as much as possible. I separate things and take them to the right bins. Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full. So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans. It's hard to know who to blame in this situation.
Ben was working out yesterday. He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot. He had to go to the emergency room for a fractured foot. Ben's operation cost a ton of money. He can't wait to go back to the gym, though.
Susie needed to download the new update on her phone. She hit the download button. But it was taking forever. She wanted it to download. But there was an error.
Ted and Sue only had one car. Sue was home all day with their two small children. She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day. They could not afford to buy another car. Ted finally agreed to bike to work two days a week.
Jim was out fishing with his son Todd. They were fishing for salmon in their backyard. Todd was getting jealous his father caught more fish. Todd threw his father's fishing pole into the river out of anger. His father grounded him for 2 weeks afterwards.
Penny's father said he had a big surprise. Penny and her family got in the car, and drove a long time. Penny fell asleep in the back seat. When she woke up,they were pulling into an amusement park. Penny loved the surprise.
Jeff needed a big amount of money. He had made some bad bets and was down big. Jeff decided he had to take extreme gamble. Jeff bet all of his life savings on the basketball game. Jeff won and covered the spread to win it all.
It was the first recital for Kate's ballet class. She had practiced a lot. But she hadn't gotten any better. At the recital she wasn't very good. But it didn't matter because she enjoyed herself.
Dominick use to hate school. He use to think it was so hard. He then realized he could ask his teacher for help. Dominick started making good grades with the help of his teacher. He realized school was good for his brain.
Cammie was sneaking out of her boyfriend's window. Suddenly she slipped. Her foot slid against a potted rose under the window. She realized that she had snapped the roses stem. Her boyfriend's parents caught them when they discovered the flower.
Martha was at the babies doctor's appointment. She wanted to go home. She was growing really hungry. Her head also hurt a lot. Martha ended up going home before they attended her.
Tom had hearing problems. He was listening to television really loudly. His neighbors were annoyed and complained. Tom turned on the closed captions. He was able to then turn down the volume and still keep up.
Bree was starting at a new school. She worried that her classmates would mock her. At her old school, she had been the only girl with glasses! But at this new school she saw that there were many bespectacled kids. Bree was never teased about her glasses at all!
There was a cake competition on Saturday. Erin worked all week perfecting her recipe. The day of the competition, she decorated her cake carefully. She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes. When they called her name as winner, she was so happy.
Amy and Susan were lost. It was their first time driving in London. They made several mistakes and wound up in a strange area. Susan decided to ask someone for directions. Luckily they were close to their destination as it turns out.
Sam was in her 9th period class. Time went by so slowly. The class was social studies, her least favorite subject. She could not pay attention. She ended up doodling until it was time to go.
Jay works in the kitchen of an upscale restaurant. He is a revered chef, and the restaurant is packed. The kitchen staff is short tonight because someone called off work. The orders are backing up. In his hurry to finish the orders, Jay burns his hand!
Tommy went to school like any other day. On his way to class however Tommy was made fun of. Tommy spent the rest of the day feeling down. When he went from class to class he avoided people. Once he got home Tommy told cried and told his mom what happened.
I won a jackpot at the casino. I was playing a new slot I had never tried before. My friend talked me into playing it even though I was ready to go home. I spun the reels a few times, then hit the jackpot. I couldn't believe my luck!
Mandy was getting ready for her wedding with her bridesmaids. Suddenly catastrophe struck as none of the dresses fit. Somehow the seamstress had messed up the order. Luckily, Mandy's mom was a great sewer. She fixed everyone's dresses well enough in a few minutes.
Kim's mom discovered the bleach was missing the cap. Kim had it last, but didn't tell her mother. She went to the bathroom to retrieve the cap. It wasn't on the counter where she left it. She decided to look later when her brother began banging on the door.
Vera was incredibly lonely. She was waiting for meaning to drop in her lap. She finds endless company on a social network. Vera decides that connections are all that matter. She stops looking for any meaning.
Phil put a tape recorder in his shirt pocket all day. At night he shut it off and transcribed the day. He tried to put on a play using the transcription as the script. The show was a hit in the art world. Phil's one day had become infamous.
Tia couldn't find her favorite pair of sneakers. She remembered putting them in her bedroom closet. But when she looked inside the closet they were gone. She searched almost everywhere in her house for the shoes. Stepping outside onto her patio she found her missing shoes.
Kelsey had a new bank account. It came with an ATM card. She liked that she could get cash out any time she needed to. She felt like a real grownup! Kelsey felt in control of her money.
Kathryn was excited for her first soccer game. She got on the field and started dribbling the ball. The other team took the lead as the game was getting close. Luckily, Kathryn swooped in and scored the last goal. Kathryn was elated that her team finally won a game.
Maggie heard a chirping sound. There were crickets in her garage. She needed to get something out of the garage but was scared. She didn't want to touch a cricket! Maggie covered up and made a run for it.
Barry ended up failing the final exam. His class grade jumped from a 91 to 79. A few days later, he decided to go to the teachers office. He begged the teacher for a grade curve. The teacher knew that he failed the exam and didn't give him a curve.
Irene entered a local singing contest, but she lost. Her friends took her out for a few drinks to commiserate. After a couple martinis, Irene felt better - much better. She decided to get up and sing karaoke for the bar patrons. To her joy, her audience clapped and cheered for her loudly!
Brandy was on her way to act in a play. On the way there she got stuck in traffic. Brandy was nervous that she would miss the play. She saw a side street and decided to make a short cut. Brandy made it just in time.
Olivia was working on paying some bills. She noticed a tax notice and went into a panic. She had completely forgotten about taxes and this was her late notice. Now, she would have to pay a ton of fees. Luckily, Olivia had enough in savings to pay for everything.
Emma's parents assumed she would go to their elite alma mater. With her grades and their largesse in donations, she knew she could. But she didn't want to go there. She wanted to follow her boyfriend to the local state school. Though appalled, her parents eventually decided to support her plan.
A group of friends and I went to a corn maize. It was a dark night and the corn maize was said to be haunted. A scary man jumped out and scared us. We ended up lost in the maize for two hours. We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together.
A fire alarm went off inside the school. Stacy and her friends raced out. They were very eager to get out of school. Thankfully the principal announced the school was closing. Stacy cheered.
Heisenberg loved to cook. Heisenberg would cook Chinese food often. One night, Heisenberg's friend Jesse tried his food. Jesse suggested that Heisenberg sell his food at a market. Heisenberg made lots of money selling his Chinese food.
Martha always had an award winning chili recipe. When she passed away everyone wondered about it. Her will dictated that the recipe go to her niece Rachel. Rachel tearfully accepted the honored recipe. That night she made a bowl especially in honor of her aunt.
Francisco hasn't been home to the Dominican Republic in Years. He has been working very hard in New York City to make money. Finally he saves enough money to visit his mother and Sister. When he gets home, he swims and eats the food he loved as a kid. When he flies back to New York City, Francisco feels homesick.
I went and got a new hair product. It was amazing. I couldn't believe my eyes. It kept the frizz at bay. I bought another one.
Mark bought graves for his wife and him. He wanted them to be buried together for eternity. After their divorce he was unable to sell the extra grave. He kept it and buried his prized possessions with him. The funeral was sad and lonely.
Claire runs ten miles every day. He decided that he wanted to train for the New York Marathon. He gradually increased the length of his daily runs. On race day, Claire felt more prepared than ever. Clair completed his first marathon a few hours later.
Tom was driving home from work. He was going along his normal route. He suddenly saw a car pull out in front of him. He was able to slam on the breaks. Unfortunately there was still a minor impact, Tom was upset.
John kept waking up feeling very tired. He realized he couldn't keep going on so little sleep. He decided to cut television and news shows to a minimum. He then found himself going to bed earlier. Now, John gets 9 hours of sleep every single night.
I used to like to swim at the beach. It was my favorite thing to do. One day I was swimming and a shark bit me. I lost both of my arms on that fateful day. I no longer can swim at the beach but I like to float on the waves.
Tom was always judgmental and rude toward others. One day, Tom's company CEO visited his branch office. While there, the CEO made a snide comment about Tom's suit. Tom felt humiliated by the comment. Now Tom tries hard not to make judgmental comments about others.
James went on a mountain hike by himself. During his hike, he tripped and sprained his ankle. Unable to walk, he called for help. A pair of hikers soon found him and helped him return to the trailhead. James was thankful for the assistance.
Harry and his friends went to see a scary movie. They were scared and jumped in their seats at a few points. After the movie, they played some video games in the lobby. They got some more candy at the counter. They drove home.
Larry was visiting the beach one day. He went swimming in the ocean. When he returned to his towel, he couldn't find his sunglasses. He went home. Larry was unhappy that he had lost his sunglasses at the beach.
Johnny came to school in a bad mood one day. He was very mean to everyone and didn't want to listen to teachers. He was sent to in school suspension for the rest of the day. When his mom picked him up they told his mom and he cried. He said he was sad because no one remembered it was his birthday.
I had a dream that there was a monster under my bed. The dream was so scary it woke me up. I was too scared to go back to bed. So I checked under my bed to make sure there were no monsters. There were no monsters under my bed.
My heritage is in Jamaica. My parents moved to America before I was born. They did not have much and first took menial jobs. My mother eventually became a registered nurse for a hospital. Me and my brother have visited her at work plenty of times.
Rick was at the local pool. He watched his kids splash and play. Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby! Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out. The child was so relieved, he cried with gratitude!
The dog was shedding heavily. It was time for her fall blowout. The hair was all over everything. I couldn't seem to keep it clean. I started vacuuming every day.
Sarah and Leo had been dating for six years. They shared all the same friends. They broke up causing a very awkward tension in the group. Nobody knew whose side they should choose. Luckily within a week Sarah and Leo were back together.
Tim had to study. He had a big math test. However a cool show came on tv. Tim took the test without studying. When he got his grade back, he got every question wrong.
The town was buzzing with excitement. A strange creature had been photographed in their lake! Everyone came out to try and find the strange creature. Finally, a man admitted he had photoshopped the photos. It was all a hoax!
Mark had a very small boat that he built. His boat was ugly but it meant a lot to him. Mark hit a sandbar one day and his boat was stuck. Mark called his friend Jill to come and tow him out. Jill towed mark off of the sandbar and saved his boat.
Lucy needed a new case. Most cases she tried, did not fit. It took weeks to find one. Finally she decided to get a cheap one. She couldn't have been happier.
Carrie has been secretly dating a married man for some time. She was afraid to tell her best friend. One day her best friend saw her leaving Starbucks with her date. She asked her later on who he was. She told her and was surprised she was not upset.
My girlfriend is always complaining about me not being romantic. I decided to fix that by fixing a romantic bath for us to share. When she got home, she was excited to see it. When she stuck her hand in the water, she said it feels slimy. She refused to get in and I enjoyed the romantic bath alone.
My friend Sofie was coming to visit from Sweden. I drove to the airport to pick her up. I walked all over the airport looking for her. I finally had to have her called over the loudspeaker. I realized I didn't know how to pronounce her last name.
Leroy was excited to get his paycheck. Once it was deposited into his bank account he started spending it. He paid off some bills. Then he paid for some necessities. Before he knew it Leroy's paycheck was gone.
Ashley's son usually got good grades in school. However this lately his grades have dropped and he is failing. Ashley had bought him a cell phone a month ago. This was right around the time when his grades started slipping. Ashley took the cellphone away from her son as punishment.
Lindsay snuck into her neighbor's house. Someone saw her and called the police! Lindsay wasn't sure what to say. She tried to make it sound like she was just there to check on the cat. The police could tell she was lying.
Jess was a student and the local university. She was very nervous about a speech she had to give to her class. She tried practicing in front of a mirror but it didn't help. She then practiced in front of friends and felt much better about it. The day of the speech Jess felt confident and it went great!
Kyle has always wanted write a novel. He has had grand adventures in his head waiting to be unlocked. Kyle just didn't have the ability to write very well. Mary saw his notebook of ideas. She offered to write his novel while he told her his story.
Bob needed a haircut. He decided to go to the salon. The lady gave him a great haircut. However, she roped him into buying pomade. He never went back to that salon.
I wanted to learn the guitar. I decided to buy my first guitar. I went to the guitar shop. I looked at the guitars and found one I liked. I purchased it and went home.
Sheila and Mark were huge fans of a reality TV show. They were hosting a party to watch the finale. They had their friends come over. Then, everyone voted on who they thought would win. The person who voted correctly won a bit of cash.
Bill loved the park. There was only one problem. He was afraid of the big slide. His friends loved the big slide. He finally tried it and had a blast.
The teacher told each group that they would get $10 for the best work. Each group worked passionately. Once everyone finished, the teacher announced that my group won. Nancy told the teacher that I was cheating for the entire time. She also decided to walk out of the room.
Diane's family didn't have a lot of money. When she was 10 Year's old, she was allowed to pick one dress. She went to the store and looked at everything they had. She fell in love with a bright red, polka dot dress. Diane wore this dress proudly until the hems frayed.
Tiffany got a strange phone call yesterday. They asked her about her credit card debt. However, she didn't own a credit card. She did some research and realized her number was posted online. It was without her consent, so she demanded they remove her number.
Charles hated his cousin's landlord who got angry over twenty dollars. But Charles picked up a landlord who did the same thing. Last month he paid his rent twenty dollars short. The landlord complained, even the the twenty paid for his Internet. So the landlord shut off the Internet until Charles paid his twenty.
Macy is a 8 year old girl. Macy wants to become a cook. She decides to help mom with dinner. She makes chicken. The family loved her meal.
It was getting increasingly more difficult for Susie to see. Her eyes were getting weaker. She then decided to get her eyes checked. She learned she needed new glasses immediately. When Susie tried on the glasses they fit perfectly.
Jane noticed her tap water was dirty. She called the water company. They sent out an inspector. It turned out to be a burst pipe. The company fixed it within the month.
Cynthia really loved video games. However, she had a weight problem. So she started to play Dance Dance revolution every day. That game really made her work up a sweat. After just a few months she had lost the weight.
Our son is a Boston Bruins fan. He went to a game on Thursday. The Bruins were losing, 2 to 1. They tied the game but the goal was overturned. My son was angry because they went on to lose.
The settler family set out to build a cabin. They cut many trees and prepared them carefully. Slowly and with a lot of hard work, they gathered all the wood. Over a few months they pieced the cabin together. They finished it just before winter and had warmth for their family.
The kids loved playing music. The drums were the most fun. They'd pound on them all day and night. When it was time for the band concert, they were prepared. THey had practiced their songs for months!
Tom was watching a movie with friends. Someone with a baby decided to sit near by. The baby started crying almost immediately. The parents refused to do anything about it. Tom had to get an usher to tell them something.
Joey fell off the jungle gym during recess. The nurse called his mom to pick Joey up. Joey's mom brought him to the doctor. The doctor had to put a cast on Joey's broken wrist. The next day, Joey let his classmates sign his cast.
My stomach was burning. And I didn't know what to eat. I decided to try a banana. And the stomach pain immediately went away. So I decided to eat a banana every day.
Robert was driving along a country road on autumn night. A sports car sped up behind him and blared the horn. Robert was angry, and stomped on the brakes. The car swerved around Robert and sped off. Robert smiled and floored the gas pedal, ready for the chase.
A man went through his house and collected all his scrap paper. He took it to his garage and made a pile. He made a pasted and began to create a canoe with the paper. Once it dried he gave it a waterproof finish. He took his new canoe to the lake and paddled around.
Kelly couldn't get a good night's sleep in her bedroom. The lights outside were too bright. She bought some blackout curtains to make it darker. Finally, her room was dark! She slept so well that night.
My friends and I went to the carnival. We saw a cool stuffed teddy bear that we had to have. To win it, we had to beat circus clowns at Tug O War. We tried with all our might, but we failed. We left knowing that we at least had a good time.
Pearl loved walking in the woods. One day when she was walking, she heard a noise in the bushes. She thought it might be a deer. Suddenly, a turkey flew up in front of her. It scared Pearl so much, she ran all the way home.
Darren went out on the weekend. He kept drinking at every bar he went to. He ended up losing his cell phone. He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to. They had his phone.
Simon was the right fielder on his high school baseball team. He had a sneaking suspicion that his coach didn't like him. There weren't enough tryouts to fill the team without Simon. Simon resented being stuck in right field. This became a self-fulfilling prophecy went Simon missed a pop fly.
Bob heard the emergency sirens. The sirens indicated a tsunami might be headed for his coastal city. He was driving, so he stayed in his car and headed to higher ground. He drove several miles inland. Bob then heard the sirens indicating that the danger had passed.
Maryann is very neat and tidy. Her boyfriend is the opposite. Maryann cannot function if anything is slightly dirty or messy. Her boyfriend doesn't care how things look. Maryann is going to have to make a decision.
Lucy wanted to see if laser treatments worked. She had a lot of wrinkles on her face. She wanted to get them zapped. She had pretty high hopes. But unfortunately her wrinkles never went away.
When I was younger I used to love to write stories. My favorite story was one I had written about my dog. In the story me and my dog went on adventures together. I showed the story to all of my friends and they loved it. I still really love writing stories and sharing them with others.
My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies. He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers' films. Sometimes he even pushes silent movies. At first I thought it was annoying. But I've grown to really like them.
I went to a baseball game yesterday. I was excited to go. Yet when I got there I was bored silly. I had no one to talk to. I ended up leaving.
Lorraine woke up on Monday morning. Her mother told her to get ready for school. Lorraine picked out a dress to put on. She told her mother she was ready to go. Lorraine went to school in the dress she picked out.
Ricky was trudging through the snow with his sled. He began to load his sled up with fresh snow. He hauled the snow to the front of his house. His dad was waiting there to teach him how to make his first snowman. Ricky excitedly started making the base for his snowman.
Paul went to the movies. He bought some popcorn. But when he sat down, he spilled it everywhere. Paul cried a little. A person in a nearby seat gave him their popcorn.
I was in the mood for a walk. I walked to the local park. I was on the sidewalk when I was suddenly alerted. Three men surrounded me and asked for money. I ran as fast as I could and escaped them.
Jasmine opened the small box. Her husband had given her a new ring! It had a huge diamond in the center. She slipped it on and smiled. She thanked her husband with a kiss.
Peter never liked intense rides. His friend talked him into riding Space Mountain. He didn't know what to expect on the ride since it was indoors. He screamed the whole time on the dark roller coaster. Peter never wanted to ride a roller coaster again.
The wind was howling. Max was feeling scared. He heard a branch snap. Then the lights went out. He made the best of it and went to sleep.
John stole a sweater from the mall. He thought he was going to get away with it. But on his way out, a clerk stopped him. John had to confess and return the sweater. Luckily, the clerk decided not to press charges.
Ella was visiting her grandma in Buffalo. But it was late January, and a big storm came! Ella's flight home was canceled. She and her grandma were snowed in in their house! Ella didn't make it home until almost a week later.
The teacher escorted the class out of the building. We approached the front of school. I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up. My teacher continued to direct us. We ended up in a green tent with several tables with food.
Anna wanted a flag for her lawn. She went to the flag store. There, she chose a floral print flag. She paid for it and brought it home. There, she set it on her lawn.
I read an article about a man finding a bear in his dumpster. He was carrying a gun and shot it off to scare the bear. I asked why would anyone need a gun to empty the rubbish. The comment started a long string of often vitriolic comments. It was an amusing article.
Billy and his friends were wandering through the forest. His friends took Billy to an ancient abandoned city in the hills. They all climbed up into the old town to look around. Just as they got to the top, they saw a sleeping mountain lion. They became terrified, so they snuck away and never went back.
Tom was hungry. He spotted an orange on the kitchen table. He peeled it carefully. It was so juicy and good! Oranges were his favorite fruit.
Ellie dreaded the new school year starting because of the costs. Ellie needed to buy expensive new uniforms and supplies. Her grandma said she would pay for everything. Ellie and her grandma bought everything Ellie needed. Ellie felt much better about the school year once she was prepared.
Sam's gaming console announced a virtual reality upgrade. Sam instantly begged his mom to buy it for him. But the upgrade was $400 and she said no way. Sam was forced to get a paper route and save for himself. Soon he was able to buy the upgrade on his own!
Tim wanted to take his wife to Paris. He booked a trip. The day came up soon. They were very excited. Tim and his wife had a great time on their trip.
My sister offered me a piece of her sub. I told her that I didn't want any piece. She understood and continued to eat it. She caught a cold during the next day. Since i didn't eat it, I remained normal.
Jason walked towards the catcher. The pitcher got into his stance. He threw the ball at Jason. Instead of hitting the ball, Jason threw the bat. It didn't hit the ball and it landed on the ground.
John had been running for an hour when he started feeling thirsty. He realized his water bottle was at home after searching his pouch. John decided to turn around and run back home to get his bottle. When he was half way there, it started raining. John took a break while drinking raindrops from the sky.
A man was a radio host. A fan recognized his voice. The fan wanted an autograph. The radio host was happy to oblige. The fan left the encounter feeling happy.
Sam had just seen a movie about panning for gold. His mom said there was no gold in their backyard creek. But Sam insisted, and she let him go out with the strainer. After a whole day of panning for gold, Sam conceded defeat. He admitted his mom was right - their creek had no gold!
I got a hundred dollar gift card for my birthday. I took it to target to spend it. I found a nice set of headphones. I bought the headphones with the gift card. I bought the headphones home and they were excellent.
Jake heard a rumor he was going to be fired from his insurance job. His sales had been low for the last few months He had a big account he really needed to sell. After hearing the rumor he worked extra hard and made the sale. With that big account he never heard the rumor of being fired again.
Beatrice always drinks decaf coffee. This morning, she accidentally brewed regular coffee. Beatrice drank five cups of coffee throughout the morning. She was more productive than ever! Beatrice will always drink regular coffee from now on.
John and Terry were coworkers. They shared a cubicle wall. Terry noticed John was a fast worker. Terry asked John for tips. John advised Terry to try and move the mouse faster.
Tom wanted to film his music video. He choose a field to have it set. When his friends started dancing it was a blast. Unfortunately his friends couldn't stay long. But at least tom got what he needed.
Will couldn't decide what movie to watch one evening. He searched the queue at his local RedBox machine. Will finally picked a romantic comedy. Returning home, Will found his girlfriend had come over. Will then knew he made the right movie pick.
Bob always dreamed of being rich. While Bob was standing in line at a store he noticed a sign. The sign was an advertisement for the state lottery. Bob decided to buy a lottery ticket in hopes of winning the lottery. Later that night Bob checked the lottery numbers and did not win.
The bases were all loaded. It was bottom of the ninth. It was a full count, three balls and two strikes. The pitcher stood on the mound looking determined. He threw a fastball right down the middle, strike!
Jamie is a nurse at health center. She loves her job. One day Jamie overheard her boss talking. The boss was being sexiest and Jamie confronted him. Jamie was fired on the spot for the accusations.
Ernie was making out with Bernice. They heard a scream outside the steamed windows of the car. They ran through the woods to see where it came from. A train had derailed and scattered corpses all over the ground. Ernie and Bernie didn't feel like making out any more, after that.
My daughter's high school friend is getting married in September. Yesterday her girlfriends took her to a casino. They went from Boston to Foxwoods in CT. They gambled and drank all night. My daughter is pregnant and could not go but wished them well.
The cat was up on the counter. The cat saw some food it did not like. The dog was trying to get to the food but couldn't. The cat swatted the cookie onto the floor. The dog ate the cookie.
Edna was thinking of buying a new car. She test drove several different models. She read reviews online of different cars. Edna compared the different prices of the cars she liked. She finally made a decision based on all the information she had.
Jack received a puppy for his seventh birthday. He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast. One day on their walk without a leash, Sippy ran away. Jack looked and yelled for zippy as the hours went by. He eventually caught up to Zippy and learned to use a leash.
After living in small apartments for Year's, we decided to buy a house. First, we had to decide what town we would want to live in. Next, we had to figure out what we could afford to spend on a house. We ended up choosing a home near the beach with a huge yard. We are happy with the home we chose and look forward to living there.
Mel sculpted a turtle with over bake clay. She put her creation on a tray and put it in the oven. She got distracted with work. Mel heard a loud bang a few hours later. Mel's turtle had catastrophically failed in the oven.
Jackson was on a white water rafting trip with his dad. He had been placed in the front of the raft. Suddenly their raft went over a huge swell. He was thrown into the air and held on for dear life. Luckily, he managed to stay seated on the raft.
Sarah was not feeling well. She went to the doctor to find out why. The doctor said Sarah had a cold He gave her some medication to help. The next day, Sarah felt better.
Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online. The two were losing to the other team. The pair decides to come up with a plan. They worked out a sneaky strategy. The strategy worked, and Frankie won the game for his team.
When I turned 21 my boyfriend threw me a surprise party. I had no idea about the party at all! To divert my attention he took me to a baseball game. I don't like baseball and complained that I wanted to leave. After I found out I felt terrible, but the party was great!
Ken went to the beach to go surfing. He looked into the ocean and saw many fins. Ken figured they were sharks and kept his distance. In the water, scuba divers swam around freely. They had put on fins on their heads to keep the surfers away.
When Zachary moved to his new town, he went to meet his neighbors. He stopped at all the houses, greeting them. Everyone was welcoming and friendly. One lady invited him in for a snack. Zachary loved his new town!
Joe really hated to clean his house. He decided to order a Roomba cleaning robot online. The Roomba arrived in the mail in a week. Joe no longer had to clean his floors anymore. He programmed his Roomba to clean every spot in his house.
Henry bandaged the man's wounds as best as he could. He went to visit the next patient, but looked briefly behind him. The man had unwound the bandages and was scratching them. Henry yelled and scolded the man, and told him not to do that. The man took his cane and whacked Henry over the head.
Enid was the scrabble champion of her family. So when there was a scrabble competition at camp, she felt confident. She advanced easily to the second round, then the third. In the semi-finals she came up against a kid nicknamed Dictionary. She soon found out why when he beat her soundly.
I went to the casino with my friend. I had never played blackjack before, but she encouraged me. I sat and played for a little while. By the end I managed to win $40. I don't gamble often, but that was a fun experienced.
A man was fixing his flat tire atop a tall hill. A pretty girl walked by and he became distracted. As a result he lost grip on his tire and it rolled away. The tire rammed into the pretty girl and she was sent flying. The man apologized and they both had a good laugh over the event.
Jennifer had not had a haircut in three Year's. One day, she looked in the mirror and noticed how bad her hair looked. She decided to schedule an appointment for that same afternoon. When she went in, she was nervous about what kind of style to choose. Ultimately she picked one that suited her well and made her very happy
Angelina wants to look pretty. Unfortunately she can't achieve that with her natural look. So she wears a lot of makeup everyday. Now she feels pretty. Other people have also commented that makeup makes her look pretty.
Greg could not sleep. He kept tossing and turning. He got up and went to read a book. This tired him even more. He fell asleep.
Today I went to the new sushi place in town. I had to wait an hour before I could be seated. When I got my seat, I decided to order three rolls. The rolls were so good that I ate them all. I have a new favorite sushi place to eat at now.
Natalie is a autistic young girl. She has many intense interests. Natalie was interesting to learn how to loom. She studied looming intensely. Now she has master the art of looming.
Emma wanted to learn how to sew. She asked for a sewing machine for Christmas. She could not figure out how to thread the needle. She finally enrolled in sewing classes. Now Emma can make a full wardrobe.
Wes enjoyed snorkeling. He thought that he would enjoy scuba diving as well. When Wes tried scuba diving he got severe pain in his head. The head pain was caused by sinus pressure in deep water. Wes decided to stick to snorkeling in shallow water.
Kim was at her grandmother's house. Her grandmother refused to let her watch Nickelodeon. Grandmother turned on The Jetsons. Kim laughed at the cartoon calling it old fashioned. By the end of the episode she wanted to watch more Jetsons.
Reggie was rollerblading around with a friend. They wanted somewhere better to skate and had to figure out where. They went door to door with a petition for a nearby skate park. They took 200 names to the mayor who had them go to the city council. The city council approved the plan and work began on the skate park!
Jenny's family was moving and she didn't like it. She was leaving all of her friends behind and it made her sad. Jenny saw where they would be living as they rounded the driveway. It was a very old house and she wasn't sure about it. After exploring for a while, Jenny thought that the old house was nice.
Carrie lost her brand new puppy. She tried looking everywhere for it. She posted fliers and looked all over town. Finally she found her puppy. It was hiding under her bed.
I am retired. I had a stroke and have little use of my left limbs. Today I tried to clean up the place. I did the dishes and put away the shoes. The place looked reasonably clean afterward.
Gina was at her grandma's house. Her sister and her cousin had gone home. Now it was just her, and her grandmother. Gina made the mistake of mentioning that she was bored. Her grandma gave her a pail of scraps, and sent her to feed the dogs.
Luke was supposed to meet his date at 6pm. She thought he told her 5pm. She got to the restaurant and got a table. She waited and waited and found out there was a mistake. Luke was so embarrassed about the time mixup.
Martha would always buy bottled water at the store. It was getting very expensive to buy so much bottled water. Martha decided to buy a filter for her sink. She tried the filtered water and was surprised by how good it was. Martha commended herself for her good investment.
Andy had a goal to lose weight by being more physically active. He decided to exercise by taking his dog for a long walk twice a day. After one month of twice daily walks, he had only lost two pounds. Andy then decided to add a one mile run to his daily exercise routine. The extra one mile run helped him to lose two more pounds in two weeks.
Michael was excited to run at the state cross country meet. He was on of the extras on the team. It was his first year. He ran a 17:30. That was about half a minute faster than his previous best.
Our son had to do a brochure for his work. He needed to calculate dimensions. He used the Pythagorean Theorem to figure out one dimension. He was so pleased he posted his project on FB. His boss liked the post.
Jasmine is cooking Thanksgiving dinner for her family. She made so much food that she discarded extra food. Her mom was upset about her wasting food after her hard work. Jasmine family was filled with joy when she told them her idea. Jasmine gave all the leftovers to a homeless shelter.
Tom was running late for work. His wife tried to say goodbye. Tom accidentally slammed the door shut on his way out. His wife thought he was angry at her. They were able to talk things out.
The man said a prayer out loud. Praying in the school was prohibited. He was asked to stop praying. He refused to stop. He was asked to leave the school until he could follow the rules.
Steven left work one day at night. He began to walk down the sidewalk to his house. Suddenly, Steven noticed a figure was walking behind him. After walking a long time, Steven continued to be followed. He panicked after a while and decided to go into a local cafe.
Jessa was visiting her friend. Her friend had a beautiful plant. Jessa commented on the plant. Her friend explained what kind of plant it was and the care it needed. Jessa bought seeds to grow the same kind of plant.
Tom really loved to play music. He had just moved to a new town. Tom searched for bands to play with. He had auditions with two groups. Tom is now playing in two bands.
Karen had two cats. Her roommate had none. Often the apartment smelled like cat urine. Karen and her roommate got into constant argument. Eventually Karen moved out.
Leslie was supposed to clean a beach house while the owner was away. The owner was picky, and she could only go in the home when scheduled. But one day her car broke down. To escape the rain, she headed to the house and let herself in. When the police showed up, she knew she'd made a big mistake.
Eve and her family decided to take a little road trip. They did not go far, just a little out of their state. Being away from the stress of their lives helped them bond. They grew closer as a family as a result. Eve and her family decided to start taking regular road trips.
Gabriel loved being on the lake. He lived near to one and would fish daily. He decided to buy a new boat one afternoon. Gabriel spent a fortune on a small bass boat. He liked the boat but thought he got a bad deal.
Jane had an old pair of converse. She wore them all the time. After a while they started to fall apart. She tried her best to keep them together. However she knew she had to get a new pair and did so.
Cobie was the most attractive girl in class. All the other girls were very jealous. A group of girls decided that they would start to bully her. Cobie shrugged it off because she had so many cool friends. The group of girls looked foolish, and gave up.
Marsha was frustrated by her stagnating acting career. She decided to get some new headshots taken. She found a photographer based on word of mouth. They spent a day taking her new shots. Marsha loved her new photos and hoped they would make a difference.
The bird was flying over the park. It was quickly approaching dusk, and the bird was tired. It found a spot in some bushes that it felt was safe. It flew into the bushes and found a comfortable spot. The bird fell asleep just as dusk arrived.
Cindy was tired. But her neighbors were having a loud party. The party seemed to go on forever. At 3 AM, Cindy called the police to complain. But minutes later, the party stopped.
Gina went to Walgreens with her Grandpa. She was looking for new books to read. They didn't have much that she would like. A lot of their selection was romance novels. She ended up with a two horror novels from well known authors.
The bride smiled at the groom. She was missing a tooth. The groom thought that was cute. He remembered that moment. He shared it at her funeral.
Emily was visiting the beach. Her dream was to build the perfect sand castle. She tried several times but all of her tries looked bad. Finally she decided to google some tricks. With tips under her belt she built a great castle.
Billy like cupcakes. Nobody knew how to make cupcakes in Billy's household. He wanted to learn how so he searched online for a recipe. Billy found a recipe and a step by step guide on how to make cupcakes. He followed the recipe and guide, the cupcakes turned out delicious.
The local elementary school was having a musical performance. Their only problem was that the auditorium had a broken pipe. The music teacher was worried that they'd have to cancel the show. Fortunately, the local church offered their stage to the school. The school was able to put on its show, after all.
Blair had signed up to plan her school's winter dance. She wanted to make everything perfect. Unfortunately the budget was limiting her abilities a good deal. She decided to raise money with a bake sale. Thanks to her ingenuity the dance was better than any dance before.
It was grandparent's day at Jim's kindergarten class. Jim's grandparents lived out of state. Everyone else's grandparents were visiting the school. One of the grandmothers felt bad for Jim. She told him she would be his grandmother for the day.
Arnold was scared of needles. One day he had a doctor's appointment. He needed to take out blood. When the needle went inside him he panicked. He panicked so much that he ended up fainting.
Jim was the owner of a fully functional farm. With his property thriving, he was focusing on survivalism. One of his ideas was to install solar panels. It took him years to save the money for the panels. Finally he had them installed and they immediately began saving money.
Julie was listening to music while browsing the internet. She was stretching her arms when she hit something. She had knocked over her speakers and they crashed to the ground. She picked them up and hoped they would work. Unfortunately, they seemed officially broken.
I wanted to be thin like the friends i associated with. Desperate I joined a weight loss study. The doctors placed me on a starvation diet of 800 daily calories. I felt like I was going to die as the weight melted off. Now I look sick because of all the weight I lost.
Amber was fishing in the ocean one morning when a storm rolled in. The crazy waters pulled her far out into the sea and capsized her. She held onto a small raft for a few days. Finally someone came to save her. Luckily, they had spotted her colorful raft.
John wanted to learn how to swim. John struggled in learning how to swim. John went to a different swimming instructor. The instructor gave more specific advice on swimming. John finally learned how to swim.
Emiru was a lonely girl in a small town. There weren't many people to become friends with. Some of the people there made fun of her because she was different. She met a kind stranger one day at a cafe. They hung out together and she made a new friend.
Ben had a job interview. He dressed and headed out. But then his wife stopped him and called him back in. She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it. Then she sent him on his way, looking much better!
Gertrude wanted to learn how to speak Spanish. She registered for a Spanish class online. She started the class on Monday. She learned how to say some basic phrases. She thought that class was very fun.
My room was feeling a little dim. I decided that I should buy a new lamp for my room. I called my friend Rachael, who has a car. Together, we drove to a furniture store in the suburbs. I found the perfect lamp, and my room feels much brighter.
Alice was taking a music course. Her instructor told the class they needed to attend the orchestra. Alice asked her friends if they would join her. Her friends agreed to go along. Alice and her friends went to the orchestra.
Carmen was trying to clean her bedroom. It was very messy after her recent slumber party. Carmen threw everything on the floor into a big garbage bag. Unfortunately Carmen's mom put the bag out by the street. Carmen learned not to cut corners when she cleans her bedroom.
Anthony arrived at the motel in a cab. He asked two girls to drive him to a bus station. They said no and went upstairs to their hotel room. David, a man just out of prison, followed them into their hotel room. Anthony shot David but Anthony had to go to jail for murder.
Billy enjoyed watching wrestling with his dad. They were enjoying the wrestling pay per-view Summerslam. Billy heard thunder and the power went out. They were upset that they were going to miss the rest of the show. The power came back on and they were overjoyed and finished the show.
There was a squirrel in an urban neighborhood. He would jump from tree to tree in search of nuts for the winter. He stumbled upon a large cache of nuts from another squirrel. He stole the nuts away and kept them for himself. That winter he did not have to worry about food.
When I was 12 I started taking piano lessons. I wasn't very good at first. My fingers were too short to reach all the keys I needed to. Over time, I grew and improved. By the time I was 15 Year's old I could play Beethoven.
Fred wanted a phone. He never had had one before. So he went and got one. But when he turned it on it didn't work. He was duped.
Judith was making spaghetti. She opened a jar of pasta sauce. Then, she went to pour it into a pot. Somehow, she missed the pot and sauce spilled across the stove top. Judith quickly wiped the sauce up but it was all ruined.
Matt had trouble controlling his drinking. He would try to quit, but he just couldn't. Finally he called a support line. They directed him to helpful meetings and therapy. The extra help let Matt finally get clean!
I joined a sorority in college. It was one of the best decisions I made. I met great friends. I went to fun parties. My best friends to this day are my sorority sisters.
Suzy was curious about some coffee. She tried some her mom made. She then immediately spit it out. It tasted terrible. It was far too sour and Suzy never wanted coffee again.
I was eating a burger. Suddenly, I bit into something hard. It was a rock. I complained to the waiter. She gave me a coupon for a free meal!
Jacob was in a relationship with a woman named Trinity. She was tired of his lazy behavior around the house. Trinity told Jacob to start helping out or she would leave him. Jacob decided to take the money he spent on Trinity and buy a maid. Trinity left Jacob but he didn't really care about her anyway.
Lindy was knitting a sweater for her boyfriend. She used one of his shirts to figure out the measurements. When she gave it to him, she asked him to put it on so she could see. It was at least two sizes too small. She realized she had measured his little brother's shirt by accident.
The newspaper accused Benji of accepting bribes. He denied all the charges, maintaining his innocence. The editor set up a time to meet with Benji. At the interview, Benji made him an offer. He'd pay the reporter money to stop writing about him.
Gloria always felt bad she didn't know Spanish. Her parents were always talking to each other in Spanish. So Gloria signed up for a course at the local community college. Two nights a week she worked hard in class. Soon she understood all the mean things her parents said about her.
Jim was tired of being left-handed. He started to train himself to only use his right hand. Every day he got a little better with his right hand. Eventually he could do almost anything with his right hand. He started telling people he was born right-handed.
Karen borrowed a book from her friend. She spilled juice on it. She was nervous her friend would be mad. Her friend forgave her. She felt lucky to have a good friend.
Sam bought a new Camaro. He was at a red light when someone wanted to race. Sam obliged and crashed his car. He ran into a light-pole The car was totaled and Sam almost died.
I went to the store to buy some food on a hot day. I bought fudge pops and put them in my car trunk. On the way home I hit some traffic. When I took the food out I noticed a puddle. The fudge pops had melted entirely in my trunk.
Jules was going to a big party. She needed a fancy dress. She did not have one that was dressy enough. She decided to go shopping. Jules found the perfect dress and was ready for the party.
Jenny was very upset that her family was moving. The furniture was delivered the day before they arrived. When she went to her new room, it looked familiar. Her mom had decorated it to look exactly like her old one. It made her feel right at home.
Ricardo wanted to teach his son how to make money. He told his son find out what our neighbor's need and sell it to them. Three neighbors came by and they wanted pizza. Ricardo's son charged them twenty dollars to order them a pizza. But he baked the pizza in an oven, put it in a box and kept the money.
The rival teams played each other. Both scored 100 points. There was only a minute left in the game. The blue team shot from behind the arch. It went in and they won the game!
Kia thought working at a vineyard would be an easy way to earn cash. The summer she was 16, she started her job at the local winery. But she soon found that it wasn't easy all! Hot days in the grape fields were strenuous and sweaty. But when Kai got her paycheck, she found it was all worth it!
Jerry went to the dry cleaners to pick up his suit. He realized that he lost his claim ticket when the clerk asked for it. Jerry lept over the counter and ran towards his suit. The workers at the dry cleaners tried to tackle Jerry. Jerry was too quick for them and escaped with his suit.
When I was younger I had to wait after school for my parents. They both worked very important jobs so there was no choice. My school had an after school program that I was in. The program was really fun and I enjoyed it! One day when my dad got fired I didn't need to wait anymore.
Sally wanted to move to a new city. She needed to find a roommate in order to live comfortably. She put up advertisements online. She found another girl of similar age interested. They got coffee together and signed the lease that day.
My girlfriend always hogs the bed sheets when we sleep. She claims not to but it's obvious. I set up a camera to catch her in the act. I showed her the evidence yesterday. She called me creepy and broke up with me today.
Karen was always a hard worker. When she thought she got a cold she kept going to work. Eventually she got really sick and threw up. She was forced to go to see a doctor. It turned out she actually had the flu and was forced to stay home.
Lilly went out despite the bad weather. The hail was strong and she feared to be hit badly. She run to her car and went inside just in time. As she sat on her seat, a big golf size ball of hail hit her car. She was very relieved to be inside and drove out very slowly.
Paul was walking down the road. He didn't notice a puddle of water. Paul tripped and landed face first into the puddle. When he got up, he was drenched in water. He ran home and cried from the embarrassment.
Sharon was deeply troubled by the environmental news regarding bees. She wanted to go into beekeeping to help foster their populations. Sharon did not account for the depletion effect on the job market. There were too few career bee keeping opportunities to accommodate her. Sharon ended up donating to bee-based charities and working elsewhere.
The detective was investigating a theft at the grocery store. SOmeone had snuck in and stolen a case of expensive wine. He looked at the surveillance tapes. He recognized the man in the tapes. It was his partner, John!
Mary's mom Nina watched the dog while the family was on vacation. At first Nina liked having the dog in the house. After a week, the daily walks became a burden. Nina informed Mary that she will not watch the dog in the future. Now Mary has to find a new dog sitter.
Joe was hard man he never smiled or laughed at anything in his life. He was believed to be mean by his coworkers and no one seemed to care. One day a note came in thanking them for their contribution. It turned out that the man they all thought was mean was responsible. He had donated a month of his pay for a children's foundation.
Nick was five Year's old and an only child. One day Nick's parents told him he would be an older brother! Nick was excited and nervous at the same time. He went to the hospital to meet his new baby sister. He touched her tiny hand and decided he loved her!
I had an aquarium inside my house. The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored. I decided to eat him to put him out of his misery. He tasted pretty good. My wife called me a monster and didn't talk to me for two days.
Gloria was out of work and needed money. She decided she would try to find a job. She submitted resumes and went on interviews. She received a call from an interested employer. She excitedly accepted their offer to start tomorrow!
Andy went to the supermarket to buy bread. He did not know where to find the bread. He asked a clerk to direct him to the bread. The clerk said that the bread is in aisle 12. Andy walked over there and pick up some bread.
Gina spent $30 on a hat like one in a video. She put together her coolest outfit and wore it to school. She had never worn a hat for style before. No one else was wearing hats at her school. Halfway through the day Gina gave up and put the hat away.
Margo was at her grandma's house. One day her grandma offered to take her to a teddy bear picnic. Margo went to the picnic with her favorite teddy bear. They gave out prizes and food for the kids and their bears. Margo had a great time.
Tina wanted to make an extra special birthday cake for her daughter. She baked a Bundt cake, frosting it in a pretty shade of pink. The cake looked plain, and Tina piped on a border but wasn't happy. Her eyes fell on the girl's toy box, and she was suddenly inspired. Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt!
I tried to buy sauces from Mr Spice. The website rejected my card, and Mr Spice said my info was wrong. I called the bank and the info was right. I gave up and asked my wife to order on her account. She was able to order my sauces.
Zach wanted to improve himself. He watched all of Tony Robbins videos. After that, he started working on his speaking skills He got his dog and cat to get in his room. He then practiced a speech over and over to get better.
Tameka heard she was crazy, but she didn't realize how crazy. She drove to her ex-boyfriend's job and stalked him. She followed him home. Next, wearing camouflage, she hit in bushes in front of his house. He came outside, she jumped from behind the bushes saying, caught you!
My family wanted to go to the beach all summer! We live very close but didn't have any chances to go. One day I found a lot of free time and asked my mom to go. She was very excited and agreed to go right away! After we got there she was very happy that she went!
Sophie woke up that day with a terrible itch. It was so severe that she went to the doctor. The doctor examined her but said nothing was wrong with her. Sophie who knew how bad it was went home. She put lemon juice over her itch and was instantly relieved.
Bob thought that the constellations made no sense. He created his own drawings in the stars. He published his new constellations for all to see. Most people loved them but astronomers thought he was nuts. Bob didn't care because he thought they were jealous of his idea.
Last year we decided to go to the Easter Parade on Monument Avenue. We found a place to park in a neighborhood a few blocks away. We spend the afternoon enjoying all the sights and entertainers. We discovered at the end that we did not remember where our car was! It took a couple hours to find our car so we could go home.
I woke up to make the coffee. The dog ran to the back door. She started growling loudly. I opened the door to let her out. She nearly broke the door in her effort to get outside.
Andrea heard sirens. The police were responding to a call. They stretch out crime scene tape around an area. Andrea wondered what had happened! She watched closely as the investigators took notes.
James couldn't get any sleep. His cat kept jumping into his bed. He tried putting his car outside his room. His cat would claw and meow at the door. James was able to get the cat to be quiet by feeding her catnip.
I came home and saw a glass of a clear liquid in the kitchen. I was feeling thirsty so I drank it in one gulp. It turned out to be vodka so I became very drunk. My wife came in and asked who drank her glass of vodka. I lied to her but she saw through me.
Abraham used to beat me up. I vowed to get revenge on him one day. I planned and I plotted against Abraham. Abraham was killed by a bus. I realized how much energy I wasted on Abraham.
Jane's mom left her a necklace of red stones. She was sure the gems were real because her mom had treasured it. Jane's husband convinced her to get the necklace appraised. The appraiser said the necklace was worthless. Jane stormed out of his office clutching the necklace.
Abdul purchased a guide before going camping for a week. As a result he was completely confident in his wilderness skills. When he was reminded to be careful of poison ivy, he was dismissive. As a result of his carelessness, he stumbled right into a huge patch. Abdul realized he should have read more closely.
I entered a chat room. I looked around, but no one else was there. I waited for a while. I wanted to talk to someone about my vacuum. Eventually, I gave up and called customer support.
I went to a funeral the other day. It was a very sad affair. We talked about how much we were going to miss him. And we shared a lot of happy stories. Although it was sad, it was good to remember all those stories.
My niece started her second year of college last week. One of her courses started today. She is not very outgoing. She sat in the last roll. She hopes she won't get asked any questions.
My mother sent to the store a while ago. I remember I came upon a boy and his cute dog. I loved dogs so I tried to pet the boys dog. The dog growled and bit off one of my fingers. Needless to say I do not like dogs anymore.
Mark wrote horror stories for a living, and he took great pride in it. One evening after lots of alcohol, a story came to life. The monster chased Mark down to the cemetery, oozing slime. A piercing sound deafened Mark, and Mark gave a bloodcurdling scream. Mark woke up to the sound of his alarm clock in tears.
Travis and Virginia wanted to get away for a weekend. Travis thought that it wouldn't be possible. Virginia surprised Travis with tickets to comic-con for his birthday. Travis was so happy. They had a great time on their weekend getaway.
Ivy needed to water the plants. She turned on the sprinkler. Ivy filled the watering can. She poured some water in a flowerpot. Ivy then turned off the sprinkler.
Lady Wickshire sips her tea, awaiting a visit from another fake niece. Lady has learned to handle those fake relatives, however. Lady's butler ushers the girl into the lady's parlor. The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt. The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her.
Keith was watching a movie at home. The movie cut out to show a breaking news story. Keith missed the rest of the movie. Keith wanted to see the rest of the movie. He ordered the DVD on the internet.
Sam was in his high school science class. Sam's science teacher announced they would be having a science test. Sam decided to go party the night before the test instead of studying. Sam was not prepared for the test and decided to cheat. Sam was caught by his science teacher and given an F.
I made a grilled cheese sandwich. I decided to spice it up with some garlic. The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich. I threw it in the garbage. Luckily, the mice in my kitchen found it delicious.
Allie worked at a clothing store part time. She came in wearing the slightest bit of makeup. The manager came and pulled her aside. Allie realized that she got in trouble. The manager said if she wore it again she would be fired.
I needed a brand new phone. I found the one I wanted. I had to work five extra shifts to afford it. When I got the money, I ran to the store. I was so happy when I held the new phone in my hands.
Last summer I started a garden. I started it in my backyard. It was rather beautiful. The only  problem is that it was ruined by the animals. I realized not to have a garden again.
My niece's cat was snoring one night. My niece grabbed her smartphone. She was going to snapchat a video of her cat snoring. The cat woke up before she could record her. My niece was disappointed.
I think it's important to dress well and impress people. I bought an expensive car and married an expensive wife. Many people wanted to do business with me due to my successful image. Being a shrewd businessman, I turned my name into an icon. Now, people pay me millions just to use my name on their buildings.
Jimmy wanted to learn how to ride a horse. He decided to take riding lessons nearby. At first, Jimmy fell down from his horse a lot. He eventually learned how to ride after practicing for weeks. Jimmy started to compete in riding competitions afterwards.
Maggie was lying in bed one night. Suddenly, she woke up in pain. She realized that she was in labor. Her husband tried to rush her to the hospital. They made it just in time and the baby came right away.
Gerry was a very old man with very little money. He often went without food so he could purchase his medicine. Gary splurged one day at McDonald's and forgot about his medicine. Gary had to sell his wedding ring in order to afford his pills. Gary died in his sleep that night.
My uncle was insulted by a rapper's music video. He was thinking about boycotting them. He posted about it on Facebook. I replied that he never bought their products to begin with. He deleted my comment.
My wife noticed me using incognito mode online. She asked what I was doing. I said I was looking up a birthday gift for her. She knew I was lying. Now I'm not allowed to use the computer.
When I was young I went to the store with my Mom. I put some candy in my pocket when she wasn't looking. The cashier saw me and came to tell me so. I  handed him the candy and told him I was sorry. He didn't tell my Mom and I was so relieved!
Tom had a glass of water at night. He dropped it by accident. It shattered on the floor. Tom thought he cleaned it all up. The next day he got a piece of glass stuck in his foot.
Chip just wants to do something he loves. He goes to France to become a clown. He meets a woman there and asked her to marry him. The two come back to America. Chip gets a job working at the rodeo as a clown.
The kids were excited. They'd gotten a bunch of new clothes for school! They tried them all on, then hung them in their closets. On the first day, they got dressed. They felt very special wearing the new clothing.
Christopher loved to wear diamonds a lot. He liked diamonds more than gold. One day he decided to wear his diamond chain. He searched for hours and couldn't find it. Finally, he found it in his room.
I wanted to take a hot bath last week. Unfortunately the tub was dirty. I decided to clean it and the bathroom I scrubbed everything. By the time I finished I was too tired and fell asleep.
Corey feels very heartbroken today. In an effort to feel better, he built a blanket fort. He had to gather all of the blankets in his house. Corey does not regret his decision. His blanket fort is awesome.
John was driving to work as he does every morning. He saw people in the car next to trying to get his attention. The people began acting silly. He saw that they were making very silly faces. John laughed out loud in response.
Barry's shoes were very old. But he insisted on keeping them. Finally, the soles wore out. And he had no choice but to buy new shoes. He was sad to throw his old ones away.
I was writing a paper one night for school. I began typing, but no ideas came to my head. I decided to take a small break to think of ideas. I accidentally began to fall asleep, but snapped out of it. To avoid the sleepiness, I made some coffee and went back to work.
Jake's cat was stuck in the tree. He tried to climb a ladder to get him. Jake fell off the ladder and fell down. His cat climbed down the tree by herself. Jake's cat went to lick him afterwards.
Stew loves libertarian candidates. His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech. He saved up money and asked for the day off. His boss told him no. He accepted it since he's a libertarian.
John needed clothes. So he separated his clothes. He began to wash them. After washing them he dried them. John now has clothes.
There was a batting cage in our yard. We planted trees to block it from neighbors. The trees became very tall. By that time we had removed the batting cage. Now the trees serve no purpose.
Gene was part of a research team. They were researching the cures for different diseases. Gene once thought he'd come around a possible cure for cancer. Although it was effective at first, it didn't last long. It did help Gene in many areas though, and he carried on researching.
Joyce had lived in Colorado for several years. Her family lived on the east coast and rarely visited her. Colorado recently legalized marijuana for recreational use. Joyce's younger family members suddenly started to visit. Joyce suspected that they weren't there to only visit her.
Delaney and her friend were visiting her mom at work. Her mom owned a beautiful dress shop. That day a new load of dressed had arrived. Delaney's mom asked if the girls would like to model them. They held a mini fashion show and saw all the cute stuff.
Joey had quite a large ego. He thought that everyone loved him. Because of his ego, he often acted up in front of large crowds. This kind of behaviour would usually turn off potential partners. Inside, Joey was just putting on a front to hide his insecurities.
I was supposed to get mail today. I checked the box several times. At around five o'clock my neighbor came knocking. She said people had been taking others packages. So she took mine and saved it for me.
Emily found a house for sale that was listed as being as is. She inquired what the problem with it was. The agent told her that it had water seepage in the basement. Emily asked if the seller would take off any from the price. The real estate agent told Emily there was no chance of it.
Jeff wanted to be a sports writer when he grew up. He was in high school and he got a job at the local newspaper. He would go to high school football games and write about them. After the game he would drive to his job and turn in his article. He hoped that this would be good practice for a career one day.
Ken was trying to get to work. He was running late already. He couldn't find his keys. The more he looked the more frustrated he got. Eventually Ken gave up and called in sick out of anger.
Tom was doing the laundry. He forgot to separate the whites from the colors. All of Tom's white clothes got colorized. He had to throw many items out. Tom never made that mistake again.
My dad got a new job across the country. He told my brothers and I that we had to move. I was so sad I would never see my friends again. Luckily, I was able to find new friends pretty quickly! Moving across the country was not so bad after all!
Grandma was 87, and still drove her car. Her daughter took her to the eye doctor. The doctor told Grandma that she didn't see well enough to drive. Grandma was upset, and didn't know how she was going to get around. Her daughter said that she could take her wherever she needed to go.
General Groves has been placed in charge of the Manhattan Project. He knows he needs some scientists. He also knows they need to do their work in secret. He collects scientists from major American universities. The Army built a secret lab for them at Los Alamos in the desert.
Mark entered the race wearing a white suit with rhinestones. Everyone in the venue stopped and stared at him. Mark ignored them and started flapping his arms like a chicken. Everyone started laughing and filming him with their phones. Mark woke up the next day Internet famous.
John owned a small store in the country. A vendor brought him a shipment of apples. John's stock boy was putting a box of the apples out on display. He dropped the box, bruising half the apples. John reduced the price of the bruised apples.
Matt was a clown. And he hated his job. He got hired for a birthday party. And he had no choice but to go. After he made someone cry, he decided to quit his job.
I was at the beach. I was trying to ride on the Boogie Board. I thought it would be fun to go out deep. I lost track of the board. It floated away.
Jo has a math test tomorrow. She has missed four days of school and isn't ready. She decided to pull an allnighter. Jo fell asleep during her test. She made a 0 on her math test.
A dad took his little son Ken to a church. During service people were singing church songs. Ken fell asleep. When people stood up, he woke up. His dad was laughing at him.
The family decided to go on vacation. They went to Branson. They visited the amusement park and the aquarium. The trip was a blast. The family was sad when they had to leave.
Anna and her boyfriend were fooling around. Then Anna saw that they were out of condoms. Her boyfriend told her it didn't matter, but Anna remained steadfast. Later, she thought the incident over. She was proud of herself for doing the right thing.
Paul realized that he was late for his flight. Paul quickly packed everything. Once everything was packed, he began calling a cab. A cab arrived very quickly and Paul jumped in. Paul barely made it to the airport.
Todd worked very hard at his job as an accountant. He would show up early every day and leave late. One day Todd was promised a bonus by his employer. He worked even later hours than before to make sure he earned it. Todd was disappointed when his boss told him the bonus wasn't real.
Lyle and Jessie had been together 13 years, and had 5 sons. Boys ran in Lyle's family, and he wasn't surprised they had no girls. During Jessie's 6th pregnancy, they couldn't find out the gender. The baby was turned wrong, so they bought all boy clothes as usual. They were quite shocked when their first daughter was born.
I poured some water into the vase. Then I started talking to my plant. My wife walked by and started laughing. I poured the remaining water onto her head. She was quiet as the plant.
Tom rented a motorcycle. Tom had a lot of fun on the bike. After Tom returned the bike he reflected on his experience. Tom decided to save money, in order to purchase a motorcycle. Tom bought an amazing motorcycle and had a lot of fun with it.
There was a winter storm heading toward Tom. He made sure to prepare properly. He stocked up on supplies. When the storm hit Tom was trapped inside for a couple of days. His supplies came in very handy.
The Wilsons drove to the Christmas tree farm. There they searched for this year's tree. The littlest Wilson spotted the perfect one right away. It was about 7ft tall with the most perfect branches. The Wilsons all agreed that this was their tree.
It was raining as hard as Elle could ever remember. Unfortunately, she was driving in it. All of a sudden she felt her car start to hydroplane. She tried not to panic as she skidded. Fortunately she was able to gain control before having an accident.
Tom's wife was pregnant. They needed to get a family vehicle. Tom decided to get a minivan. He actually liked most of them. He picked a new model with several features.
Me and my friends took a trip to the beach last week. We left early because the beach is far from us. When we got to the beach we ate lunch. After lunch we played volleyball. Then we rested up for the long drive back.
Sue was watching a documentary on TV. It was about the negative effect of fluoride. Sue became scared and decided to change her lifestyle habits. She ordered fluoride free toothpaste online. The fluoride free toothpaste came in the mail after a few days.
Jamie wanted to have a sleepover. She invited all of her friends. They watched scary movies. They all had a hard time going to sleep. Nobody wanted to wake up the next morning.
I used to go to church all the time. My life was good. Then, I started not going to church. I started doing bad things. Now, my life is terrible.
Mark didn't own a car and so he walked everywhere. One day he needed to buy groceries and it was very cold outside. He walked to the store through deep snow. On his way back he passed one of his usual streets without noticing. Mark eventually made it home in spite of his moment of obliviousness.
Larry's yard was covered in dead leaves. He walked to his shed and grabbed a rake to clean the mess. He began to push all of the leaves in one large pile. All of a sudden a burst of wind blew the leaves everywhere. Larry decided to give up for the day and went back inside.
Gina had been reading a book at the library. She hadn't been back for a week. She had found other things to occupy her time. Now she was bored again. She returned to the library to finish reading the book she'd started.
Susan was supposed to be learning how to tie her shoelaces. She was lazy and always made her mum tie her shoes for her. Or she would avoid the task completely by wearing shoes with buckles. One day her younger brother bent down and tied his shoes by himself. Suddenly Susan decided that she could tie her own laces too!
There was a mean janitor at my school. They never smiled at all. All of the kids were afraid of him. One day I walked up and thanked him for everything he did. That made him smile for the first time ever.
I threw out my Crane humidifier today. The fan in it was broke. I'd tried replacing it but it's impossible to get the part. I figured I'd get around to finding it some day. Tonight I figured that some day would never come.
My boyfriend bought me a gift for my birthday. He is usually not very good at picking things out for me. I opened the hesitantly. It was a beautiful emerald necklace. I was really surprised.
Frida loves to bake from scratch. Today she decided to make some peanut butter cookies. Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter. Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies. Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies.
Ann took her parrot Sunny outside. Sunny's wings were clipped, so she couldn't fly. But suddenly a gust of wind swept Sunny into the air! Sunny flapped nervously and ended up high in a tree. Ann was horrified, but at dusk Sunny fluttered down to safety.
Allison needs a haircut. She is having trouble finding time for a haircut. One night she decided to cut her own hair. It was a mistake. Allison wore a hat for the next several weeks to hide her hair.
Tameka told her husband women have it harder at work. Today she told the story that proved it. This morning she broke the heel of her shoe and had to work barefoot. Her boss was turned on and tried to give her a foot massage. She refused so he sent her home for being inappropriately dressed.
Ashley has always wanted to become a great cook. She cooks generic dinners now but nothing above average. She took a summer cooking course that taught her a lot of new things. She has already become a much better and more diverse cooker. She was so happy that she signed up for three more classes!
Mindy was a full time babysitter who loved her job. She was highly recommended and everyone loved her work and price. When the Milton's hired her they were shocked when they got home early. They found her with a boy in their living room and she was also drunk. Mindy was fired and no one wanted to hire her after that day.
Karl loved delivering mail. He had worked for the post office for a decade. Each day, he put letters in the appropriate mailbox. He loved knowing he was helping people. Karl hoped he could do his job for many more years.
Jeremy had a huge test at school. He was working on the first part of the test. His eyes began to drift shut. He tried not to, but he fell asleep quickly. Suddenly, his teacher woke him up and made him finish the test.
I have a 1yr old cat. We live on the second floor of a town home building. My cat likes to hang out on the balcony. One day she saw a bird and jumped off the balcony! She is crazy and thankfully she survived the fall.
Jason wants to learn to cook Mexican food. Jason thinks he can do this in Mexico. Jason flies to Mexico. Jason takes a class at a cooking school. Jason become a good cook of Mexican food.
Mary was having trouble seeing out of her windshield. Her wiper blades weren't working properly. Mary stopped at a car parts store. She found the proper sized blades. Mary bought the blades and installed them on her car.
Today there was a leak in our building. We lost water for 2 hours. Just now, we were told there would be a leak inspection at noon. They are looking to see if the leak affected our unit. We are keeping our fingers crossed.
My little cousin always liked Mountain Dew. He would drink it by the gallons. His mom would always buy him more. He has diabetes now. But he won't stop drinking Mountain Dew.
At the funhouse, the three kids all started for the haunted house. They promised each other to keep constant contact by holding hands. Once inside, they quickly lost contact with each other. The various ghosts and ghouls frightened the wits out of the kids. The kids emerged from the house, sweaty but satisfied.
Most people hate getting the bill. I do as well except for one occasion. I love getting the bill for Olive Garden. They always put good tasting mints with the bill. The littlest things makes all the difference for me.
Dave bought a lottery ticket once a month just for kicks. One night he came home and popped a frozen pizza in the oven. Mike sat down with dinner and turned on his television. The announcer read out the winning lottery numbers. Mike nearly choked on his pizza because he had the winning ticket!
Bobby's teacher assigned the class to collect insects. Bobby put off the assignment until the last minute. He wondered how he could find enough insects for a collection. Then Bobby spotted the grille of his dad's car. He plucked off the battered insects and glued them to cardboard.
In 1985 I started work at the MBTA. One of my coworkers used the bathroom in a curious way. He never used the urinal, always going to the stall. One day I asked him why. He said he had a hernia truss that he had to take off to urinate.
Jamie was sitting on her couch. She was holding a nearly empty popcorn bowl. She went to stand up and the bowl fell. Kernels spilled everywhere. She had to get on the floor and pick up each kernel.
Mason has not been to a beach in 5 years. He finds out that a group on campus is taking a trip to Florida. The trip is too expensive and Mason is sad. Mason enters a raffle the group made for a free ticket to go. Mason wins and goes on the Florida beach trip.
My friend Sam is a college professor. Sam thinks tv is bad for his kids. One day in 2004 the kids were fighting over the tv. Sam throw the tv out into a snowbank. They did not buy a tv for years.
We ate at an Italian restaurant. The food was good. The service was awful. For a tip we left a small amount. We also told the manager how bad the service was.
Arthur wanted to start impressing girls. He persuaded his mother to buy him a gold necklace. She bought it and he wore the necklace with pride. But it attracted more guys than girls. Finally, a guy with a group of guys snatched it from Arthur's neck.
Cath is making herself a sweet cup of coffee. She pours the coffee in her mug. She picks out her favorite flavored cream. Then she tops it with a dash of whipped cream and sprinkles. Cath takes a long relaxing sip.
I went out with my friends Friday night. We went out dancing. I played a few games of pool. I had a few drinks It was a good night.
Sam was really tired after work. He decided to take a shower. It felt good and comforting. Sam lost track of time. It wasn't until he ran out of hot water that he got out.
Tim was driving to work one day. He stopped at a light and had an itchy nose. Tim decided to scratch it on the spot. He looked over and saw a car full of people looking at him. Tim was embarrassed and drove away.
Don was always moving slow. He loved walking slowly. He liked to enjoy the scenery. One day while walking, he was almost hit by a car. He never walked slowly again.
Tom lost his job. He was behind on his bills and car payment. The rent was already a month late. Tom pleaded with his landlord's. Unfortunately it didn't help and he was evicted.
I had stayed at my friend's house longer than I was supposed to. It was dark by the time I headed home. In the dark I thought I saw a cat on a trash can. I moved closer, calling and clicking my tongue. It was actually a large raccoon that responded by hissing at me.
Mason loves to watch tv. One day, his power went out during his favorite show. He waited for the electricity to come back on but he missed his show. Mason decided to play outside instead of waiting. Now, Mason likes to play outside more than watching tv!
Antonio and Bella had been in love for years. One night, he didn't come home until four am. She noticed that his shorts had pink all over them. Antonio said it was probably just ketchup. Bella wasn't an idiot and recognized the lipstick for what it was.
One day I dined in a Mediterranean restaurant. I decided to try something new. I ordered a bowl of okra stew. It made me sick to my stomach. I will not order okra stew again.
I took a class about Hitler and the Holocaust. Every day I left class in tears. It became painful to hear about so much suffering. I continued to attend the class for a month. Then I decided to drop out and take something else.
Jonathan was running late for work. He had to park in the parking garage. The first four levels were completely full. Jonathan parked on the level five and had a long walk. Jonathan was an hour late for work.
Tim wanted to play basketball. He had been practicing all semester. He was excited for tryouts. He could finally showcase his skills. When the team was announced, he was on it.
Doug was nervous. He was in line for a roller coaster. He stepped up to climb in. At the last minute, he cried and climbed out. He was just too scared to do it.
Bob cursed as his foot went straight into a puddle of water. He limped his way to the side door of the apartment building. After struggling to remember the code, he came in from the rain. When he got to his apartment, another tenant clicked her tongue at him. Bob looked to see he'd left a trail of wet footprints behind him.
One evening a man was filling his taxi car with gas. While filling the tank a group of men attack him. They beat him up and take all of his money. The taxi driver is very sad. He goes home and tells his wife about his bad day.
Tim noticed that he could wiggle his tooth with his tongue. He rushed to show his mom what he could do. She told him to be patient and it would come out when it was ready. Three days latter Tim's tooth fell out and he put it under his pillow. The next morning when he woke his tooth was replaced with a dollar.
Joy worked at a hotel in housekeeping. Joy found someone's wallet in a room she was cleaning. She put the wallet in her purse. Her bosses found out that she tried taking the wallet. Joy was fired from her job.
I played softball with the girls after school. We met at the ballpark every day. We practiced for about an hour. I was the pitcher, and I had a good throwing arm. I loved to try to fake the other girls out.
Today was Gerald's eight birthday party. Gerald loved the drum set Dad gave him. Gerald practiced his drums all day long. Mom thought all day was not acceptable Gerald was limited to 2 hours of practice only on the weekends.
Sam was a salesman at a car company. One day his boss told him his sales were low. Sam didn't want lose his job, so he worked harder. He also read a book on sales techniques. Soon Sam's boss congratulated him on his improvement.
She needed to be more careful. She changed all of her passwords. She changed her usernames where she was able. She could not leave a trace of herself behind. She made certain she would never be found, then disappeared.
Rita was excited to have the first color TV on the block. She enjoyed the envious tone of neighbors who came by to see it. Soon, Rita's house became the magnet for watching TV. Rita got tired of serving snacks and cleaning up afterward. When the neighbors stopped in, they found the color TV gone.
Gina's brother had an NWA and a LL Cool J tape. Their mother found and smashed his NWA tape. Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape. He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket. Their mom was satisfied when she found no more tapes in his room.
Lucy had no clean clothes. Her grandma decided she would show her how to do laundry. Lucy separated a load of dark clothes from the pile. After the wash she threw them in the dryer. Lucy fell in love with the feeling of a sweater, warm from the dryer.
Gina had to drive past the hospital on her ride home. There was rarely any traffic around. Today there were more cars. They were all trying to avoid the traffic on the main streets. Gina was not happy with the traffic, but at least it was moving fast.
Jeremy had spent all season playing defense on his soccer team. One thing Jeremy really wanted to do was score his first goal. In his last game, Jeremy begged the coach to play him at forward. Because the team was up 4-0, the coach let Jeremy play forward. Jeremy took full advantage of his chance and scored his first goal.
Beth has to work on her anniversary. Her husband is waiting for her at the restaurant. Beth calls him to tell him she will be late. Beth finally gets off work and gets dressed. When she arrives at the restaurant her husband isn't there anymore.
Jasper had always wanted to learn to play chess. He decided to join his local chess club. At first he found it very difficult to play with other club members. But slowly Jasper became better at chess. He was so happy that he finally knew how to play chess.
I love watching old sitcoms. I collect DVD sets of them. I prefer to get them individually rather than in box sets. I recently ordered my last required season of Seinfeld online. If it arrives damaged or opened, I will unhesitatingly return it.
Suzy had to go to a gathering. It was in the park. But she was allergic to pollen. As soon as she got there she had an attack. After an hour she had to leave.
Ethan always took great care of his teeth. He made sure to brush and floss as much as possible. He felt that his teeth were not white enough. He went to the dentist and got them whitened. Ethan couldn't smile after because his teeth had gotten too white.
My family and I had a super bowl party at the house. We were watching the game and some commercials came on. There was a commercial about Godaddy. It had a nerd and a hot girl kissing for almost a minute. Everyone was silent and feeling awkward about it.
Mary had been feeling depressed lately. She decided to go to a psychiatrist. Her psychiatrist diagnosed her with depression after seeing her. He prescribed an antidepressant for her. It eventually made her feel better again.
Izzy hadn't been to the dentist in over a decade. The last time he'd gone the dentist had been a surly man. Here the dentist and her assistant were both warm, friendly women. They were also both attractive in addition to being intelligent. Izzy decided he didn't mind their fingers in his mouth at all.
Tim was doing laundry. He accidentally dropped his quarters. Too many went down a drain. Tim had to get more quarters. He wound up having to go to the store to get change.
I went to the store to buy meat. I looked over everything in the meat case to carefully plan. I told the man behind the counter what I wanted. He wrapped up all my meat for me. I took my meat to the cashier and paid for it.
I went out for dinner the other night with some friends. We all met up at my favorite restaurant. I was happy to eat with all of them. Some friends showed up that I haven't seen in years. It's always good to catch up with old friends.
Two boys got into a fight at school. The teacher sent them to the principal so make them behave. The principal decided to have them talk to one another. The first boy was just frustrated about his family life. The second boy was the same, and they talked about it together.
A few weeks ago I had to teach all my friends how to sing a song. It was a song about how much fun we had at camp this year. All my friends are terrible singers though. We worked on the song all week. At the end of the week, my friends still were not good singers.
I fell one day and hurt my leg seriously. My mom immediately took me to the emergency room. I was in tears the whole time. The doctor took a look and said it was broken. After an x-ray to confirm it, they wrapped it in a cast.
On Wednesday I was late to pick up Adam from school. When I went to leave, I didn't know where my car keys were. I panicked and frantically searched the house. I finally found my keys in the bottom of a box of clothes in my room. I was fifteen minutes late to pick up Adam that day.
Tricia went to a local steakhouse with her family last night. When they sat down, her family was very loud. Tricia hid her face in humiliation because she was embarrassed. She told her family to quiet down. They did not be quiet until other people scolded them.
Jake and Fred were getting snow cones. There were so many flavors to chose from. They each got a different one. Halfway through they swapped. It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds.
Today we tried to get on the bus to Disney. We needed to get there from the hotel. The bus was coming at eleven. We raced and raced to get there. Unfortunately we missed it.
Jim decided to build a house. Using existing plans, he added a foundation and framed it. Next he added walls, a door, and a roof. He followed the plans to the letter. When it was done he realized he had built a dog house.
Katie was terrified of spiders. One night she saw one in the bathroom. She made her dad go in and get rid of it. When her dad had carried it outside, Katie sighed with relief. Then she ventured back into the bathroom.
Tom was in the market for shoes. He wanted a nice pair of boots to wear to nice restaurants. He went to the mall. He browsed for hours. He found a pair he liked and purchased them.
Anna hate cleaning, but her closet was terribly messy. She decided she'd have to bite the bullet and clean it. She took everything out. Then she organized her clothes and put them back in. Afterwards, Anna was glad she'd finally cleaned it.
Kelly made the cheer squad in high school. She was so happy! But then they said she had to buy her uniform. Kelly's face fell. She had no way to afford a uniform to cheer in!
Ida was taking a math exam in school. Suddenly she noticed the boy next to her trying to cheat! He was attempting to copy her answers. Ida told the teacher right away! The cheating boy was given a zero on the math exam.
Em was nervous about being the only vegan at her family Thanksgiving. She hoped she could educate her family about her lifestyle. Em brought a vegan roast to share, showing the variety vegans ate. She also added a blessing for the animals to the family table prayer. People were interested, and Em was grateful to start some sharing.
The scientist walked through the deep jungle in search of a rare frog. It began to rain to he took shelter under a tree. Hidden under a leaf he found the front he was searching for. He felt a connection with the frog for the both hid under the tree. When the rain stopped he photographed the frog and moved on.
Colleen wanted to get in shape. However she was having a hard time feeling motivated. She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it. She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day. It helped her stay motivated when she was feeling defeated.
Tyler was starting kindergarten. He wanted to impress his teacher by tying his shoes. He studied his mother's method. Then he practiced a lot on his own. On the first day of school, he could tie his own shoes!
I got my brother a gift card for Christmas. The company let me design my card. I put up a photo of ourselves as children. He was very pleased with the photo. It was a good Christmas gift.
I saw a giant cockroach on the wall of my apartment. Suddenly it flew into my face! Fortunately I didn't get scared because I'm not afraid of bugs. My nearby roommate, however, was shocked that I didn't react. It made me feel proud of how brave I was in the face of giant insects.
Yesterday I had a very high temperature. I went to the doctor and he said I had a fever. I was told to stay home and rest. I slept all day after the doctor. I am starting to feel better now that I am rested.
It was very cold in Dan's house. He was trying to type but his fingers were freezing! Dan tucked his hands under his armpits for a few minutes. When his hands warmed up he was able to type again. Dan's keyboard smells like deodorant now.
Amanda wanted to be a police officer. She went to school for it. But she fell in love. Now she is a stay at home mom. She has a great family.
For breakfast I decided to have some cereal. I poured some milk into the cereal. When I began eating I knew something didn't taste right. I still ate until my stomach started hurting really bad. Turns out the milk was expired.
I wanted to start a business. I decided to start a maid service. My friends laughed at me because I was a man. I told them to not discriminate against genders in the workplace. They agreed and expressed their apologies for discriminating.
Kevin was under 18. But he wanted to drive. So he bought a racing wheel for his computer. And he practiced driving using race simulator games. But after secretly driving his parent's car, he hit a parked car.
I was watching youtube the other day. I completely lost track of time though. I completely forgot to do my homework. I had to stay up very late to make sure I got my homework done. I'll have to pay more attention to the time whenever I watch youtube.
Tom retired over 5 years ago. He was using a flip phone and his relatives teased him about it. He was tired of being a stereotypical older man. So he took $700 to go get a smart phone. He found one he liked for only $49 with no contract commitment.
I loved garlic bread. I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding. At the altar, I leaned in to kiss my bride! She smelled the garlic bread from my breath and threw up. It was the worst day of my life.
Todd was not athletic like the rest of his siblings. He was slow and short. Todd could not get a sports scholarship. However, he had been singing since the age of eleven. Todd ended up getting a scholarship to Fresno State for choir.
Rocky was an avid skier. He was taking the mountain at a quick pace. He was zooming fast around corners. But forgot to notice the huge tree in front of his way! Rocky woke up in the middle of a hospital that day.
One day Lola found a wagon in the middle of the block. She went to retrieve it. Inside the wagon was an envelope. The envelope contained a letter. It said "The first person to find this wagon can keep it."
Li wanted to give meaningful Christmas gifts to her relatives. But she was on a very tight Christmas budget! Then her sister helped her think of a great gift idea. Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies. Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats!
Maggie went to the store with her dad. She wanted some gum. Maggie tried to get her dad attention. She could not get her dad to eat her. Maggie went and took the gum and walked out the store.
Little Jimmy wanted some candy. His mom was worried Jimmy would get cavities. Jimmy started crying. His mom thankfully found some sugar free candies. Jimmy felt satisfied and thanked his mom.
Jack was auditioning for a reality show. He was in the waiting room with some other auditioners. Suddenly, a fight broke out between some of the guys. Jack became involved in the fight. When the producer found out Jack was immediately asked to leave.
Ned challenged his sister to a game of laser tag. They walked to the arcade and suited up. Then the game started! Ned played valiantly, but so did his sister. In the end, Ned lost the game!
The family called in a detective. Emily had been missing for days now. The detective searched all the hills and hollows of the property. He walked up to the family, a grim look on his face. He explained he'd found Emily's body on the reef.
My daughter's girlfriend got arrested last night. She had recently broken up with her boyfriend. She found out he was cheating on. She reached for his phone and slapped him. He called the police and had her arrested.
Carol had been single for a long time. She went on some blind dates but never connected with anyone. Her friends suggested she try online dating. She made a profile on a dating site and soon heard from Vincent. They've been together 8 years now, and she is glad she took a chance.
Neil wanted to see a bustling city in India. He took a train up from Goa. He entered into Mumbai, huge and busy. The people and traffic energized him. Mumbai made Neil feel invigorated!
Jay had just stopped at the traffic light. He checked his phone for a text. Before he knew it the light turned green. Jay was not paying attention and people began honking. Jay finally realized they were honking at him and decided to drive on.
Tom loved nature. Tom went for a hike alone. Tom broke his leg. Tom had to call his friend to take him to the hospital. Tom went to the hospital.
Nate walked to his locker. A jock accidentally tripped on Nate's shoe lace. He fell on the floor. Since the jock was angry, he punched Nate. Nate was knocked unconscious.
Kay went with her grandmother to her sister's house. She loved her grandmother's sisters cooking. After they ate he aunt brought out a yellow pie. Kay loved the sour lemon and sweet topping. She decided this was her new favorite pie.
Joseph clipped his toe nails. They went flying across the room. One hit his sister on the head. His sister was disgusted. She slapped him and pushed him out of the room.
Sally was afraid of flying but wanted to go to Paris. She decided she needed to face her fears so that she could go. While boarding the plane she was very nervous. Once it was time for take off she knew she would be fine. As she walked off the plane she knew she made the right choice.
Josh was the best speller in his class. He could spell any word. His school was having a spelling bee. He was invited to compete. When it was his turn, he won!
Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together. Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line. Andy showed up at the theater and called Chuck. Chuck had forgotten about the movie and fell asleep. Andy was upset and told Chuck he had to pay him back for the ticket.
My friend was feeling sad. I asked him what was wrong. He said he was feeling suicidal. I didn't really pay attention and I walked away. My friend killed himself a few days later and I regretted my actions.
Dave wanted to dunk on his basketball hoop. He got his ladder out and lowered the hoop. Dave hopped off the ladder and got a ball. He took a running start and jumped with the ball. Dave dunked so hard the hoop fell off.
Teddy is at a concert. He is rocking hard. After the concert he goes to grab a bite to eat. When it comes time to pay he can't find his wallet. Teddy lost his wallet at the concert.
Paige took out a loan for a new house. The next day, Paige lost her job. That month, Paige was unable to afford her loan payment. Her house was foreclosed and Paige had to move back into her parents. Page regretted ever taking that loan.
I was a very lonely man in my late 20's. I asked god where the love of my life was. He decided to give me an answer. He sent me my wonderful wife Lois. We are now married with Children.
A family went out camping. They brought some firewood with them, so they could build a campfire. When they arrived at the campground, a park ranger chastised them. You're not supposed to transport firewood, because of invasive pests. The family did not make that mistake again.
Bill put a pot of oil on the range to heat up. He added kernels of popcorn. The popping started slowly then escalated. Soon the popcorn was raising the lid of the pot. He had put too much in so it was overflowing.
Ed loved to jump on his bed whenever his mom wasn't looking. She kept warning him he was going to get hurt. But he felt like he was invincible. Until he went flying off into his dresser one night. His mom had to take him to the hospital with a broken arm!
Emily went to the beach. At the beach, she decided she wanted to boogie board and skim board. She was great at boogie boarding, but bad at skimboarding. Emily practiced skimboarding every day. Emily was able to skim by the end of the week.
Billy Herrington was just a regular guy. He wanted to do regular guy things, like lift weights. But Billy was also into BDSM. One day, Billy accidentally went to the gym in his leathers. All the lifters laughed at billy.
My son loves pancakes. I decided to make him pancakes for breakfast. It took me twenty minutes to cook them. He ate them at the kitchen table. My son seemed to really enjoy his breakfast.
On the last trip to the zoo, I took my 11 year old son. His favorite part was the chinese pandas. He had never seen them before, as they are rare in the United States. There were 2 of them, lying around on top of rocks behind glass. They didn't even look up at us the entire time we were there.
Jan's mailman wasn't very competent. When Jan moved she got a new mailman. Jan's new mailman was very good at her job. Jan was so pleased that she tipped her new mailman. The new mailman was happy to have Jan as a customer.
My sister-in-law A is 70. Recently her granddaughter lost her 4 kids to child endangerment. A's 46 year old daughter took custody of 2 girls, 11 and 2. She moved into A's house with the children. Eventually she gave up custody as the children were too hard to handle.
Ben was playing sports. He tripped on a big rock. He took the rock and put it in his pocket. He won the game easily! He saved the lucky rock forever!
Elisa was walking on the boardwalk. Elena, who was behind Elisa, called her. She looked back to say hi however, she stubbed her toe. In addition, it got stuck beneath the wooden plank. Elena immediately ran to the boardwalk to help Elisa.
Jeannie loved to work puzzles. The more puzzle pieces they had, the better. One day she got a really difficult sounding puzzle to work. Every piece was the same size and shape. She was able to work it, but it took some time!
I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday. As a result, it ended up breaking. I was horrified. Then I remembered I could buy the protector for cheap. I then decided to buy another one.
Stan always got nauseous when he rode on planes His job required him to fly a lot and it was really difficult. Stan finally got a prescription for air sickness On his next flight, Stan took his medicine and he didn't get sick. Stan now volunteers to fly because he no longer gets sick.
Leanne was babysitting a girl. She was bored and began snooping through the house. In the parents bedroom, she was digging through drawers. Suddenly, the father appeared. He yelled at Leanne and she quickly ran from the house.
Lily wanted a new Halloween costume. She didn't want to get one at the store. Therefore she decided to make one herself. She got everything together. She ended up making a rabbit costume.
Rowan showed Djared the picture that he drew. Although Rowan was very excited, Djared showed no emotion. Rowan asked Jared what he thought of the picture. Jared told him he would have to get the picture copyrighted. Rowan realized Djared never told him what he thought of the picture.
Susie was feeling lonely in class. She saw other kids playing and longed to join them. She asked them if she could play alongside them. They rudely told her no. Susie went home feeling even lonelier than before.
Rosa was making s'mores. She applied her marshmallow to her stick, then held it out. The fire made it gooey, then she applied chocolate pieces. Finally she sandwiched it between a graham cracker. Finally it was time for Rosa to enjoy her s'mores!
A twisting line of cars slithered along the freeway. Everyone in the state seemed on their way to the stadium. Unfortunately, Amy and Carl were stuck in the middle of the traffic. They hoped to get to the football game before the kickoff. At last the snake of cars reached the stadium for the game.
Billy always wanted a cat. He asked his mother for a cat but she said that he wasn't responsible. Billy did his best to demonstrate that he was responsible enough. Billy's mother saw how responsible billy and allowed him to get a cat. They went to the shelter and picked out a lovely cat.
My  brother ran into the house with his hand over his eye. My mother panicked and asked what was wrong. He told her it was nothing. He went into the bathroom. Then he told us he needed to go to the emergency room.
The Finster family had planned their first trip to the beach. Their daughter Lillian had never been. They had so much fun digging in the sand. Then it was time to splash in the waves. On the way home Lily fell asleep from exhaustion.
The group had a project to do. They got started at the last second. They worked many long nights on it. The project was finally done. They turned the project in the next day.
Kevin was on the beach, throwing rocks into the ocean. Accidentally, he struck a sea gull flying overhead. He ran to the bird, not knowing what to expect. Luckily, it was only dazed. He felt better, watching it fly off.
Marco notices that he is feeling hot and thirsty. He decides to drink a glass of water. After drinking it he feels much better. Marco decides to keep a water bottle with him from then on. He is glad that he no longer feels thirsty.
James had never grown a beard before. He decided to stop shaving and grow a beard. After a week, James had a small beard. James' face was very, very itchy. James decided he didn't really want a beard that bad.
Sally went on a cruise. During the cruise, there was a bad hurricane. Sally was terribly sick. She threw up into the sea. She isn't so sure she wants to go on another cruise.
Charles loves banana pudding. For his birthday, his friends made him pudding instead of cake. They put candles in it, but it they sank to the bottom. Despite this, Charles was so happy for his birthday pudding. Now he gets pudding instead of cake every year.
Jessie was babysitting a girl that wanted pink light. Jessie threw a pink blanket over a lamp enjoying the tone. Suddenly, the blanket heated and burst into flames. Jessie was able to put out the fire but the blanket was ruined. The parents did not ask Josie to come back again.
Enid really needed some cash. She was behind on all her bills. She was afraid to borrow from her parents. She got a 2nd job waiting tables. All the cash from tips helped her get ahead!
Charles had been making close to minimum wage for a year. His bills were piling up and he didn't know what to do. Suddenly, he decided to go to Las Vegas and gamble. He took a bus to the Vegas Strip and found a crap table. He won twenty-thousand dollars in one night and went skipping home.
Every morning Greg enjoyed a cup of coffee while sitting on his deck. One morning he was sitting there when a yellow finch flew by. He had never seen the little yellow bird before. He went to the store and got finch food. Now, the finch stops everyday and eats out of the feeder.
The girls had been friends for years. They were especially close this year. They sat by each other at school and on the bus. The girls spent so much time together they got tired of each other. They had a huge fight and weren't friends anymore!
Billy loved apples. He went to the supermarket one day to buy some. He stumbled his way to the fruits section. There were no more apples available. He sighed and had a terrible day for the rest of the evening.
Nicolette misses her husband. She is finally off from work. She rushes home. When she arrives her husband is waiting. They embrace each other at the door.
Bill started on his daily run around the block. He was frustrated that he hadn't been able to lower his run time. As he round the 2nd turn a dog broke loose from his chain. Bill ran had to stay ahead of the barking dog. Safe at home once more, bill noted that was his best timed run.
Clark went to church with his second cousin. Clark was shocked when the preacher held a poisonous snake. Clark's cousin told him not to worry. Then the snake bit the preacher. Clark told his cousin that this church wasn't for him.
Tom was at a local park. It was Easter. There was an egg hunt for the kids. Tom decided to pick some eggs up. He enjoyed the treats in them.
It was a very hot day. The family was walking by a beautiful fountain. They stopped to dip their feet itn. The water felt so refreshing. They all splashed around and cooled off.
Anna and her boyfriend loved the outdoors. Every weekend they would go out to the rocks and climb. They loved spending time together this way. They would always climb and push each other to do more. Climbing was a great hobby for them and they loved doing it together.
I needed a basket for my clothes. I found one with more clothes inside. I folded the clothes in that basket. I took it to the dryer. I put my clothes in the basket.
Kia was invited to a buffet with her parents. They cautioned that she'd better eat her money's worth. Kia didn't eat all day. At the buffet dinner, she ate three big plates of food! Kia's parents were satisfied with her consumption!
Karen is with her dad in the Hospital. Her father is very old. He is on the verge of dying. Karen holds her daddy's hand gives it a squeeze. Karen kisses her father as he slowly passes away.
I had a friend in high school who was very familiar. It took a long time before one night when I realized who he resembled. He looked and acted exactly like a very famous comedian. He was also a very funny guy. We had lots of fun that night.
Maggie's cousin was going to be in a parade. Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left. She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun. Suddenly, the owner asked if she would like to ride. Maggie said yes and rode in the parade.
Oliver had an exceptional olfactory sense. He could smell nuances other couldn't. It helped him very much in developing new perfumes. He played with subtle scents no one had thought of. And the result was staggering and popular.
Samantha was all dressed up. She was going to her first musical. She got to sit in the front row. She watched each song being performed. When it was over, she stood and clapped.
Candice wanted her big brother to disappear. If he was out, Candice would inherit their mother's house for sure. But Candice's brother loved their mother and showed his support. Candice sent him a scathing e-mail and he replied back angry. Candice showed the reply to their mom so he'd be cut out the will.
Cherry loved going to school. She had lots of friends and was loved by the teachers. One day a bully came over and spilled water over her new shirt. On the verge of tears, Cherry almost ran away. Instead, Cherry decided to be friendly and become friends with bully.
Tara was very much into fashion. She wanted to accessorize. She went shopping. She found a necklace she liked. She bought it.
They had fallen down. I had a couple of water bottle in the freezer. I had to put them at an angle. I heard a crash. I had to go check on them.
Ashley had been saving money all summer. It was time for her to get her very first car. She was at the lot checking cars out. Then, she spotted a cute red one. It was a bit out of her budget but her dad offered to help her pay.
Jeffrey is hungry. Jeffrey decides to make tacos. Jeffrey cooks the meat. Jeffrey eats the taco he prepared. Jeffrey is full and satisfied.
I opened a graphic design business. I had so many customers. I didn't want to hire anyone because I wanted all of the money. Soon I was overwhelmed with work. My business ran smoothly once I hired five people.
Susie started training for a run. She ran 1 mile every day. She gradually increased her mileage. On the day of her race, she was ready. Susie won in her age division.
My friend, Victor, is an aspiring rapper. He thinks that he's going to make it big. Yesterday, he handed out his new mixtape to me. I listened to it, and it was terrible. I really hope that he gives up soon.
One day my sister and I were riding our bikes outside. Some kids decided to bully us and take our bikes away. We told our mom and she came charging outside. Yelling, she sprayed the bullies with her hose until they surrendered. We got our bike back and no one ever bullied us again!
Minnie was the only one who had a degree in her family. When she went to family reunions everyone said she was the smart girl. But when she decided to follow her heart everyone was shocked. They expected her to be a lawyer and not an artist. Minnie lost the respect of her family but found her self-respect.
Maya's little girl came home very itchy one day. When Maya inspected her, she saw something terrible. Her daughter had lice! Maya hurried out to buy the treatment shampoo. Soon her daughter's lice were gone.
Kyle woke up with a very bad cold, the day he started his new job. Unsure what to do he called his mom. Kyle's mom said take a bath and take medicine and he would be ok. After doing what she said he felt so much better. Kyle was able to start his new job.
Benny threw the ball several yards in the air. Greg tried to run towards the ball to catch it. He ended up receiving the ball in the endzone. However, he couldn't control his running. The staff on the sidelines had to move away since he ran towards them.
Every day, Donald starts his mornings by eating a box of donuts. After finishing his breakfast, he went out for his daily jog. He started in front of his home and went around the neighborhood. As usual, he stopped jogging at the halfway point and walked. He was soaking wet by the time he got back to his front door.
Janice realizes that she hasn't showered or bathed in weeks. Since she began working at home she stopped caring about her looks. She decides to take a long bath to clean up. In the bath she shampoos and conditions her hair. Janice is very happy that she has finally bathed.
The woman set the table. There were four places set. More guests came for dinner than expected. She did not have enough clean place settings. She had to clean some more utensils.
Dina was too tired to walk. She got a motorized scooter to shop at the grocery store. She wheeled around the store and gathered her items. She checked out and started to leave. Her scooter died in the parking lot!
Monica was at the library with her boyfriend. They were chatting about nonsense. A librarian approached them and asked what they were doing. Monica said that they were just hanging out. She kicked them out because they were loitering.
I went on a special trip when I was younger. I had to raise my own money to go. I baked some brownies and sold them to raise money. People loved my brownies and they paid me a lot of money. I raised enough money to go on my trip.
I too was caught up in the internet selling craze. I scurried thrift stores and garage sales for things to sell. I posted my treasures with Rebay dot com. The items still haven't sold. No more Etailer dreams for me.
Last night I decided to cook for my boyfriend. I made some pasta with sauce. When I was done I placed it on the table. When my boyfriend tried it he was not thrilled. Luckily he liked the dessert better.
Allie was running in the beauty pageant. She was nervous about winning. Looking around, she saw many girls that were gorgeous. After the pageant the results were in. Allie ended up winning.
Michelle was really excited to meet the new exchange student. When she entered her class, she looked around impatiently. There he was surrounded by everyone. As she tried to make her way to talk to him too, she fell. The exchange student left the group in a hurry to help her back up.
Amanda loved to read about planets. Her favorite however, was Earth. One day, she decided she would be an astronaut. She studied very hard in school and got good grades. Finally after 20 years, Amanda was able to become an astronaut.
Abbey was participating in a photo shoot. Her ballet class needed photos for their calendar. She was very nervous that her pictures would look bad. During the shoot, her nerves made it hard to take a good picture. Luckily, the picture of Abbey came out pretty good.
Samantha saw a crab on the beach. She was so excited she wanted to pet it. The crab snapped at her fingers. Samantha hurt herself and had to go to the hospital. Samantha no longer wanted to go back.
Anne got a turtle as a pet. She did not know what to feed it. She tried giving it hot dogs and veggies. Then she read that it needed special pellets. Anne bought the pellets and started feeding her turtle healthily.
Anna wanted to lose weight and straighten her hair. She also wanted to clear her skin and grow three inches taller. Then she saw a program that encouraged viewers to love themselves. Anna realized she had hated everything about herself. From then on, she made a pact to love herself just the way she was.
The water flowed downhill. One summer the weather was very dry. The water stopped flowing near the top of the source. The farmers near the source kept all the water. The farmers farther away could not make enough food.
A scuba diver went to a lake to look at the fish. He jumped off the dock and sank like a stone. At the bottom of the lake he found a car. He opened the door to look around. He found a wallet in the car and nothing else.
The family was at the zoo for an outing. They loved looking at all of the animals. The kids loved seeing the elephants the most. At the end of the day, they were exhausted. It'd been a great trip to the zoo!
Travis enjoyed feeding his pet python small animals. Because it was aggressive, he now was using salad tongs to feed it. One day while feeding it, the snake decided he wanted all of it. Travis tried to pull the tongs out of the snake's mouth but failed. He rushed the snake to the vet where it had to have surgery.
Ryan realizes that he has become very fat over the last two Year's. He decides that he needs to lose weight quickly. Ryan stops eating meat and starts to jog every day. After 6 months he starts to lose weight. Ryan is happy that he has finally started to become less fat.
The man aimed down the sites. He located his target. He adjusted his aim for wind. He fired the shot. He hit his target.
Tom was putting up Christmas lights. He needed a ladder for the highest parts of his house. He was using a hammer to fasten the lights. The hammer fell and tom stumbled. He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow.
Justin is taking his driver's test. Justin starts off driving nicely. Then he gets nervous. He loses control of the car and crashes. Justin failed the test.
Year's had passed since Jamie had spoken with her father. She and her father both thought that they would never see each other. Jamie found out that her father was sick and she came to the hospital. They each apologized as he passed away. Jamie is happy that she could reconcile before her father passed.
Melissa and Josh had been dating for 5 years. Lately they had been fighting a lot. Josh decided to take Melissa to dinner. While at dinner he decided to talk to her. They both decided it was time to break up.
Allison applied for many jobs after college. She got an interview for a job in California. Allison did not live there so she knew it would be a big move. She was offered the job and accepted it. Her friends threw her a party.
Billy was very scared to dance. He was so scared that he decided to skip the school dance. His mom found out and made him go. A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes. He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl.
I used to engage in a lot of contests. I liked the competition so I did well. I got sick when I started to get older. I can't compete in physical competitions anymore. Because I can't do physical things I started competing at chess.
Rodney had a long day at work and was walking to his house. Upon arrival he reached into his pocket to get his keys. He found that he had lost his keys at some point on the walk. He had to turn back around and retrace his steps completely. Finally he found his keys still lying on the sidewalk 5 minutes away.
Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas. His mom didn't like the video game. Corey begged his mother for it. Finally his mom bought it. Corey was ecstatic to find the game under the tree.
Henry accidently placed his mitts on the stove. It caught on fire since the stove was hot. Eventually, all of the pots and pans were in flames. Henry ran to get the fire extinguisher. He extinguished all of the flames before they got bigger.
It was ball season and Stacey needed some new shoes. She racked her money up and decided to purchase some. She decided on a pair of black shoes. They fit perfectly. Stacey was thrilled.
It was Mazie's birthday and a brightly colored box sat before her. Her parents urged her to open it. She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight. "A puppy" she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box. The puppy hopped out and they played together all day long.
Marnie was getting married. For her wedding, she needed her makeup done. As a result she hired a makeup artist to help her. When the makeup artist was finished, marine looked at it. She was horrified and ended up firing her,
Jeff had always wanted to work in politics. He tried advocating various causes in order to make political friends. In a few years, Jeff was appointed to one of the Mayor's committees. He soon made several political connections. Last November, Jeff was elected to the City Council.
I had always been addicted to bread products and candies. I used to live on bagels and sodas and was always hungry. When I found out I had celiac disease I gave up all grains and sugar. Within one week I wasn't hungry all the time anymore. Also I lost weight, my skin cleared up and a goiter disappeared.
Harry was putting the finishing touches on his English essay. It was over twenty pages long. The paper went through constant rewrites and edits to ensure perfection. On the day it was due, Harry confidently turned it in. Just as he expected, he later received a perfect score.
I wanted the newest phone from Apple. I didn't have the money for it. My friends told me I should get a job to earn it. I thought that sounded like too much work. I decided to mug someone for theirs, instead.
Lucy had to get a new shot. She was rather nervous. When she sat down she was in tears. Lucy was worried. Yet to her delight it was not bad.
Oprah Winfrey started a new news network. People really liked it. They started posting on Facebook about the shows. People watched it even more. Oprah made money.
Cruz was allergic to many things. He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies. His mom began taking him to get allergy shots. The shots made Cruz resistant to his allergies. He was a much happier kid because of the shots.
Eli had gotten head lice from a friend. His friend thought it was funny and laughed at him. Eli did not find humor in the situation. He tried everything to get rid of the lice. Eli now hates his friend for giving him lice.
Leah was married at 16. She loved him but they grew apart. She met a wonderful man 2 years later. They fell in love. Leah married him and was happy.
My friend needed help moving, so I cancelled dinner with my girlfriend. I was supposed to meet her family, but my friend had no help. She blew up at me and said dinner was more important. We got in a huge fight and I was yelling. She eventually realized she had been in the wrong.
One night Megan is taking the trash out. While taking it out she notices a sound coming from the bushes. She goes over to investigate. She sees nothing at first. When she looks again she sees a white ghostly figure walking.
Dan wanted to get a sweater to wear for the annual Christmas party. Dan went to the local mall in search for his sweater. Dan tried on several sweaters, but did not like any. As he was leaving the store, And saw a red sweater. Dan loved the red sweater, and decided to purchase it.
I turned 21 last week. I went to a bar for the first time. I got drunk and had a great time. But in the morning, I was very hungover. I decided not to drink any more.
Laura was going to eat lunch with her sister. They were in line to buy their food when a bell rang. Laura was the "lucky customer" that day and she won a free sandwich. She decided that she may as well get a big sandwich. She enjoyed it even more because it was free.
Michael was stuck in traffic. Up ahead, there had been a small accident. Nobody was hurt, but the road was blocked for a mile. Michael waited in his car for the accident to clear. Michael got home 30 minutes later.
Liv wanted to be an Olympic gymnast. She trained every day after school. Unfortunately, she was injured in a car accident. She had to undertake months of physical therapy to heal her ankle. Eventually, she was back to practicing gymnastics.
Lou waited until the day of prom to get his hair cut. He promised his girlfriend he would take care of it. The barber sneezed when he was shaving his hairline. There was a huge swatch of hair missing from the back of Lou's head. His buddies teased him to no end at the dance that night!
Crystal was a great hostess. She was going to have a formal ball for New Year's Eve. She encouraged her friends to dress up and come party with her. When the day arrived, the venue was decorated beautifully. Crystal was happy that everyone enjoyed their night.
Henry tried out for little league baseball. His coach thought that he would be a good pitcher. Henry started many games as the team's pitcher. Henry injured his elbow because his coach made him pitch too often. Now Henry has to watch his team play from the dugout.
She took the baby home in his preemie clothing. She wrapped him in lots of blankets. She moved his crib into the sunlight. She watched him every day as his skin yellowed. She knew in her heart he was becoming jaundiced.
It had rained for days and the kids were misbehaving. Molly cheered up as the sun broke through the clouds. She took the kids to the park and let them use their pent up energy. She took in the crisp, after rain air and felt very pleasant. Molly called to the kids to leave as the clouds began to crawl back.
Jill could dislocate her kneecaps at age seven. Doctors told her that she would be cripple by the age of fifty. Her knees did deteriorate as she aged. At the age of 68, her knees locked up and she could not walk. She had both knees replaced and her titanium knees now work well.
Elena tried to run for the ball. Since she only started at the football, she ran into a tree. The branches held her hair tightly. Therefore, Elena struggled to get her hair out of the tree. She ended up cutting the tangled sections.
Alicia is 60 Year's old and has to use the bathroom often. In the grocery store today she had to use the bathroom. But she knew she wouldn't make it to the toilet. She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler. The store owner captured the scene on video and it went viral.
Barry and his friends loved to go down to the river. When it was summer time they were always there. They really loved the old rope swing there. They would take turns swinging out into the river. The rope swing sure was a lot of fun.
He wanted to take his dog to the dump with him. He put her in the back of the truck. He drove across town with the load. They arrived at the dump site. She waited patiently while he worked.
Harris has never celebrated St Patrick's day. His friends always have, and he doesn't want to be left out. So Harris goes to the bar downtown with them. He drank way too much green beer at the bar. Harris threw up, and will never celebrate St Patrick's day again.
Bailey wanted a pet. She went to the shelter and saw a dog that seemed lonely. She brought him home and got him settled in. She fell asleep that night and awoke to a horrible sight. The dog had shredded up her couch!
Fido could tell his human was not happy when she opened the door. Clearly, the odor radiating off him was as bad as he thought it was. She grabbed the Dawn dishwashing soap and apple cider vinegar. Fido was then quickly hurried into the bathtub. After a lot of scrubbing, the skunk smell was gone.
Lucy had stolen 2 slices of cake. There were still 3 hours to dinner, but she wanted more cake. She decided one more slice couldn't hurt. She ate the cake quickly to avoid getting caught. 30 minutes later her stomach was in knots.
Ed went to the barber for a trim before the prom. Everything was going fine until the barber was shaving his hairline. His hand slipped, leaving Ed with a bald streak in the back. There was nothing Ed could do at that point. He just hoped his date wouldn't be too embarrassed of him.
Sarah wanted to go on a hot air balloon. Her boyfriend was afraid of heights. Sarah convinced him to go up anyway. He clung to the edge with an intense grip. Sarah thought it was funny and laughed at him.
Albert was very excited. He called up a Science magazine to talk to a reporter. Albert proclaimed vast amounts of silica deposits were on Mars. He explained it could mean there really had been lots of water. Albert finished the interview and went back to Scienceing at NASA.
Tom was out hiking at night. It was summer but the night got cold. Tom didn't realize how cold it got. His sweat started cooling him down too much. Tom got pneumonia because of it.
I bought a piece of comic page art from eBay. The item was sandwiched between cardboard. The sandwich was placed in a box packed with peanuts. The box was marked do not bend. I gave the seller five stars.
Rena had a lot of clothes that she liked to hang up. She had so much clothes that she ran out of closet space. She began hanging her clothes on her shower pole. But that still wasn't enough space and she needed more. So she bought a garment rack and now she can hang all of her clothes.
Mary was a model. She worked for Versace. As she was getting ready for a show, her costume broke. Her seamstress helped her quickly but she missed her lineup. Mary lost her spot that night and was fired.
The annual county fair had just begun. Zack and his girlfriend Julia were going. They both really loved the fair. They grabbed some cotton candy and headed to the Ferris wheel. Up on top you could see the whole town lit up.
I went shopping with my grandmother today. We bought lots of fruit. But the apples were my favorite. She cut them up, and baked a pie with them! The pie was delicious.
Kia's family moved across the country. Kia had to start at a new school. She was very nervous on her first day. But by lunchtime, she was relaxed and happy. She'd found that the students were all very friendly!
Neil was visiting Libya. He took a tour to the shores of Tripoli. He gazed out over the wide, wild water. He was amazed at how lovely it was. Neil wished he could stay in Libya forever!
Timmy had just moved to a new house. The neighbors came over with their son, Jimmy. They had bought pie and Timmy showed Jimmy his room. Jimmy and Timmy had a lot in common and played in Timmy's room. At first Timmy was sad to move but was happy to make a new friend.
Fred was a professional pitcher for the Yankees. One day, his boss informed him he was being let go. Fred angrily threw a ball through the bosses window. The boss smiled and said he wasn't being let go. He just wanted to see if he could still throw as fast as he used to.
Kurt is a teacher. He enjoys teaching his students. Kurt's students love him because of how well he treats them. They nominate him for a teaching award. Kurt wins the award and is very proud.
I am not lazy but i have difficulties in getting up early. So i always ended up late at school. My grades were failing so i decided to change my daily routine. I brought alarm clock so i can wake up early in the morning. And i'm sleeping early at night.
Beth was walking her dog through the neighborhood. A huge dog ran at them in the street. They both froze in fear. Beth screamed, "GO AWAY!" The mean dog ran off.
Jake wanted to learn how to cook. He bought Tim Ferriss book "The 4 hour Chef". He read the entire book in one week. His first dish was steak and vegetables. His friends loved it so much they asked him to cook from now on.
Josh and Rachel loved to try out new restaurants. A new buffet had opened up down the street from their home. They decided to go check it out. They went to the buffet for dinner. The next day they both felt ill from food poisoning.
There was a town with a hurricane close by. The major wanted to save everyone. So he told the police to evacuate everyone. Finally, the hurricane stroke the town. But thanks to the major there was no loss of life.
Susan always had stomach pain since she was little. She went years without anyone being able to figure out what was wrong. Finally she ran into a doctor who thought he might know the reason. After many tests he concluded he knew what she had. She started treatment, and for the first time, felt healthy.
Tyson ate a bacon wrap that he purchased at a restaurant. A few days later, he had a bad case of acid reflux. His mom took him to the hospital. He was simply diagnosed with a stomach ache. The doctor gave him a laxative to help his bowel movements.
Ricky wanted to get more muscles. He bought a weight set and began to lift. After a year he gained considerable mass. Ricky stuck with his weightlifting. Ricky now is a body builder.
Abby arrived to work and saw a cake and a gift on her desk. Abby was excited for the cake, and opened her gift. Abby immediately started crying when she saw the necklace. Abby loved amethyst, and her coworkers got her an amethyst necklace. Abby personally hugged and thanked each coworker for the gift.
William had just moved to the new neighborhood. He didn't know anyone and preferred to stay indoors. His mother encouraged him to go outside and make some friends. One day William saw some other kids playing baseball. They saw him too and invited him to play.
Joy brought her favorite mug with here to the coffee shop. They filled it to the brim with fresh coffee. Joy drank her coffee while looking at her phone. When she was done she handed it to the store worker. They cleaned her mug for her and gave it back.
I open the mail in our office. I often find stamps are not cancelled. I cut the stamps out and take them home. I soak the stamps in water to remove them from the envelope. I glue the stamps onto packages I mail out.
Tom was now in college. He had a dorm room and a roommate. Tom was nervous about meeting his new roommate. The new roommate could be mean. Tom met his roommate and he was a cool guy.
Joanie spent all day crying. Her mommy couldn't figure out why she was so upset all day. After feeding her, changing her and rocking her Joanie calmed down. It was a long day. Joanie's mom enjoyed a tall glass of wine that night!
Yvette made coffee for her guests. She brought the tray on the coffee table. But the first guest complained that he didn't like her coffee. The second complained that the milk was too fat. Yvette went back in the kitchen, crying her eyes out.
Brad never like the outdoors. But his friends made him come along on a trip. When they got to the campground they set up the tent. Brad was really having a good time in the outdoors. Brad enjoys the rest of the trip and now loves the outdoors.
Sasha had just made some soup. She knew it was hot but she was so hungry. She decided to take a small bite. Sure enough, her tongue was burnt. She ran it under cold water to avoid the pain.
My friend and I decided to make latkes. We shredded the potato and onion. We tried hard, but the latkes would not stick together. Instead, we had a pile of hashbrowns. We still ate them because they still tasted fine.
I went to the market to buy some blue dye. There was a big sale on dye so I got a lot of blue dye. When I got home I collected all of my white clothes. I put the clothes in a large bucket and poured in the dye. All the white clothes became wonderfully blue from the dye.
Cam was a very safe driver. He had never been in a wreck before, and avoided distractions. One day, Cam had to take his pet cat to the vet for a check up. The cat did not know how safe Cam drives, and was terrified. The cat jumped onto Cam's shoulders in traffic, causing him to crash.
Mary and Bill went on a trip to the mountains. Mary packed a picnic for them to eat. While they ate, two squirrels came over to their blanket. They fed the squirrels peanuts from their picnic basket. They had a great time laughing at the squirrels until sunset.
Luna took a trip to Timbuktu. She didn't wear a head covering. Some men came looking very angry. Luna tried to run, but they stopped her. They smiled and told her she had dropped her purse.
Jon was sad. He was just fired from his job. Jon wanted to feel happy. He decided to watch some comedy shows on television. The shows made him laugh and he felt happy!
Matt wanted to study with Jamie. Matt secretly likes Jamie so this was a good excuse to be with her. He goes to her house and they study. He later on finds out she has a boyfriend. He is crushed.
Sue got in her car and frowned at how filthy the window was. Her dog's nose had made quite a mess of the glass. She wondered if he had worked hard to create that window art for her. Sue sort of felt bad as she cleaned it away. The next day, her dog created a new masterpiece on the window.
I kept cold drafts out this winter by covering the windows. I measured the windows to see what size plastic I needed. I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows. I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows. Using plastic is how I kept the cold drafts out this winter.
Tom was at a coffee shop. He was very thirsty. He approached the counter. He asked for green tea. He drank green tea to quench his thirst.
Joe took his family to the pet store to pick up dog food. His kids explored the store and found the adoption area. They fell in love with a pretty black and white cat. His kids begged Joe to take it home. Joe gave in and now they have a new member of the family.
Carlos couldn't find his keys. He backtracked to everywhere he'd been in the previous two hours. He searched everywhere. Carlos finally gave up. He found his keys in his jacket pocket.
Yesterday was the best day ever. I got fashion show tickets in the mail. The show was to Balmain. I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to go.
I've always read books avidly. When I was riding the school bus, I really got into my book. I imagined that I was the dragon in the book flying through the sky! When I looked up, I realized that I didn't recognize the surroundings. I was so into my book, that I missed my bus stop!
The president of my wife's company is 80. His short term memory has been failing him. Yesterday, my wife's supervisor Cate started a three day vacation. She left the president several notes and told him in person. That day, the president asked my wife if Cate was in.
Sam bought a new computer. It didn't want to turn on. He tried everything to fix the problem. He took it back to the store. It was found to be faulty and replaced.
Karen wondered what to get her boyfriend for Christmas. Then she remembered that he always complained of cold feet. Karen decided to buy him a pair of slippers! She searched until she found the warmest pair available. Her boyfriend was so grateful for his warm fuzzy slippers!
I was so unhappy in St Louis. I decided to make a huge move. I got my stuff together, and decided to move to Texas. It was just me and my cat in the open road. I finally made it to Texas and really enjoyed the new move.
Julia and her new husband had taken dance lessons for their wedding. They were excited for the first dance. They had a surprise for their guests. They practiced every week. When it was time to dance, they broke out in a medley of songs.
Sam's friend's asked him to feed their dog. They were going on vacation for a while. Sam agreed to do so. He accidentally left the door open and the dog ran away. Sam's friends were very upset with him.
The cat did not have a home. She usually slept inside of trash cans. One day the cat saw a boy playing at a park. She went up the boy. The boy loved the cat so much that he brought her home.
Mike was talking to Molly. Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom. When he got away from Molly, he noticed it didn't stink. He then realized that Molly was the one who stunk! He was relieved to find out that it was not himself.
I fed my betta fish today. I grabbed the fish food. I poured fish food in the tank. My fish swam to the top of the tank. My fish at the fish food.
The teams were playing for the championship. Each team would score a touchdown. At the end of the fourth quarter, the score was tied. The Rebels decided to do an onside kick. The Rebels were the champs.
Bob needs something at Sam's Club. So he prints off a guest membership and spends $20 to get there. When he gets to checkout they tell him that they don't take Visa! Bob doesn't have any cash because he didn't realize he would need it. Bob vows to never get a membership at Sam's Club.
Bill loved tomatoes. He planted a seed long ago. And it grew into a tomato plant. After a long and warm summer, a tomato appeared. Bill ate the tomato he grew.
Tom went fishing with some friends. They always had a competition on who could catch the biggest fish. Something caught Tom's line, but it was too big. It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned. Tom never went fishing with his friends again.
Maggy decided to throw a tea party for her neighbors. Ms Moffett was the first to arrive, as she is always punctual. Suzi and Liza Dillinger came thirty minutes late. Ms Moffett gave them both a scowl because she hates tardiness. Maggie smiled at the differences between her neighbors.
Derek had saved his lunch money for a piece of pizza. After school he quickly walked to the store. When he got there he discovered he'd lost his money. He was hungry and didn't want to retrace his steps to look for it. He grabbed a slice of pizza and secretly ate it in the corner.
Anna had to cook dinner for her family. But it was ninety degrees outside! She dreaded turning on the stove and oven. Then she decided to open the front door to let in a breeze. That helped cool the house off while Anna cooked.
James and his friend Oliver decided to take the train to Woodstock. They weren't sure what they would do once they got there. They went to the farmers market and visited some shops. After a bit they got bored and restless. They took the train home earlier than they had expected.
Shane was walking down the street. He noticed an ad for a play starting that night. He decided to go see it and have fun. Shane went to the location of the play and went inside. Shane watched the play and enjoyed it very much.
Wanda was already running late for work when she went outside. Her car had a flat tire and she was very upset. Wanda called her boss and hoped for the best. Wanda's boss was very nice and offered to let her work from home. Wanda had a very productive day and was very grateful to her boss.
Carl had brought his son Scott to a parade. The fire engines were the first on the parade route. Scott leaned forward to see the engines pass. The fire engine sounded its horn. Scott quickly pulled his hands over his ears and cried.
Lisa was scared to start her first day of school. She was nervous about making friends. Luckily she made a friend the first day. Her name was lily. The two girls became friends for Years.
Tom had an important job interview. He couldn't afford to put gas. He hoped he could make it there. His car died a few blocks from the office. Tom ran the rest of the way.
My best friend's father was older than most. He was 73 when she was born. He had long, black and white hairs in his beard. His name was Jackson, but everyone called him Jack. As a result, I started calling him Pepper Jack, like the cheese.
Billy was riding his bike when he came across an injured kitty. He wanted to help the cat so he helped take the kitty to the vet. The vet told Billy that the kitty had a broken leg. Billy paid to have the vet fix the kitty's leg. The kitty was healed and lived happily ever after with Billy.
Hilary needed a babysitter for her son. She contacted a girl online. They agreed to meet. They met in a park. Hilary interviewed her and decided to hire her.
Oswald decided to make a cake. He mixed all the ingredients together in a pan. He put the pan in the oven and left it. Oswald's cake burned in the oven. Oswald felt sad that his cake was ruined.
When I was in kindergarten I never liked to talk in front of my class. Most days I remained silent, until one fateful day. While reviewing the letter F I spoke up and the class cheered! Rushing home, I was excited to tell my mom that I said the F word. She was terrified until I told her that my F word was football.
Adam went to the curb to see if there'd be work today. Usually men in pickup trucks would stop, looking for day labor. Today there was only one truck he'd never seen before. Adam needed the money so he jumped in, despite his fear. Police found his decapitated body weeks later.
Our 2-year-old granddaughter loves Winnie the Pooh. She watches only one movie. She watched the movie every day of her visit to us. We watched it with her. Now we cannot get the tune out of our head.
Matt was scared. He had been challenged to a fight after school. He did not want to be known as a coward, so he showed up. He was afraid, though, that he would get beat up. But to his surprise, his opponent never even showed up!
Jason's hair was starting to get really long. He knew that he needed to get a haircut soon. When he went to get a haircut, he told the barber what he wanted. The barber accidentally shaved a chunk of his hair out. Jason had to shave his head and it will take a long time to grow back.
Aurelia has always wanted to build something with her hands. Her friend is a carpenter, and he offers to help her build a cabin. They buy materials and start to work. They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete. Aurelia is very proud of the cabin she built.
Jessie went to work on Friday as he normally does. He checked all of his emails before noticing an envelope on his desk. He opened the envelope and found a card from his girlfriend. He suddenly realized that his anniversary is today. Jessie spent his lunch break buying a gift for his girlfriend.
Natalie stayed over at her friend's house. She woke up before everyone else. She went to the kitchen. She got out the pancake mix. She made them all pancakes.
Kim realized she didn't want to eat meat anymore. She had a friend who was a vegetarian. She ate dinner at her friend's house to try out vegetarian meals. She was surprised how good the food was. Kim decided right then to become a vegetarian.
Celia was playing in her mother's makeup. The makeup was very expensive. Celia wasted a lot of the makeup. Her mother walked in a saw Celia with a mess of makeup. Celia got in trouble for playing with the makeup.
My mom was heating a pot of stew chicken. She told me to watch the chicken while she was in the bathroom. I remained in my chair since she got out in a few minutes. However, the chicken burned. She got mad and yelled at me.
Bob bought Freon R-22 for his car air conditioner years ago. He paid four dollars for a one pound container of R-22. Freon R-22 is now outlawed for new installations. Bob needed some R-22 for his older air conditioner. He found that it now costs seventy dollars for a pound.
Karen loved trees. Karen like looking at a climbing trees. One day Karen tried to climb the biggest tree she could find. Karen found an old pine and began her ascent. Half way up Karen fell down and never climbed a tree again.
Benjamin was watching cartoons and drinking apple juice. His mother noticed that he was falling in and out of sleep. She brought him a blanket. Benjamin fell asleep almost instantly. He ended up spilling the apple juice all over the carpet.
Randy was the high school football team's best running back. Randy was also very superstitious. Before every game he would rub a lucky coin and put it in his pocket. Randy forgot his coin before the big championship game. Randy was convinced that his team lost because he forgot the coin.
I had a long night at work. There were a lot of patients there. There was a ton of work to get done. I had to really work hard. I ended up staying a few hours late.
My sister in law Judy works for an assisted living center. One of the residents passed away. Her family said the workers could take her belongings. Judy took a ceramic Dumbo and I sold it on eBay for $80. Judy was happy.
As a child I visited an unfamiliar school for an academic contest. While at the contest I desperately needed to pee. I frantically searched for a restroom until I finally found one. Everyone laughed at me for unknowingly using the boys' restroom. I never went back to that school again.
Marge and Ivan were drinking a chocolate shake together. But Ivan was upset that Marge was drinking most of it. Ivan said it was his birthday. And the waiter gave him a free ice cream. Now they didn't have to share.
Jeff was going on vacation. He decided the Bahama's would be perfect. Jeff tried so many new things he never had before. He even swam with the sharks. Jeff enjoyed his trip to the Bahama's.
Eddie was five Year's old and loved monkeys. His mother decided to take him to the zoo to see his first monkey. Eddie was surprised by how smelly the monkey cage was. One of the monkeys kept pointing at Eddie and picking his nose. Eddie decided he didn't like monkeys anymore.
Joe threw a pencil at Leslie in math class. It hit her in the eye and she cried out. The teacher made her go to the nurse. She sent Joe to the principal. Leslie had to wear an eyepatch for four weeks.
Every year my family loves decorating for Christmas. We usually put up a lot of lights and decorations. This year there was a problem with the lights. Half of them didn't turn on. We still enjoyed the effort and end result.
The students were waiting in line. Gary tried to skip Kenya in line. Kenya tried to go back but Gary got mad. He told her that Kenya didn't deserve her place since she's black. Kenya told the teacher and she suspended Gary.
Mark and Kevin were best friends growing up. Kevin started a band, and they become pretty famous. While on tour, one of their roadies quit all of a sudden. Kevin called Mark, who was working at a fast food place. Mark turned down the job offer, as his pride wouldn't let him take it.
I was getting married. I had to choose who my best man was. I got a pen and pencil to organize my thoughts. I thought hard for an hour. I then realized I didn't have any friends.
Tina's son had a soccer match. She promised him she would make it. Unfortunately she was running late. By the time she got there it was over. Tina felt badly.
Toni was a lonely girl who loved to Ice Skate. She would skate from dusk till dawn. One day she jumped so high in the air. Toni landed perfectly on one foot but then lost her footing. "Whoops" were the words that left her mouth as she slipped.
My old boss is from Arlington, MA. When he was 12 he wanted to play golf in a course in Cambridge. It was free for Cambridge residents. He went to the CPL and got a library card. He used the card to declare residency and get to play golf for free.
A group of people were sitting at an outdoor restaurant. Suddenly, there was a stream of loud pops. People were scared and ran away from the area. They thought that the noises might be a gun. Luckily, it turned out to be firecrackers.
Tom's favorite band was going to play in his town. He was really excited to get tickets. As soon as they went on sale he tried to get some. Unfortunately they were all sold out within seconds. Tom had to miss the concert.
Tom visited the zoo with his family. They loved watching the apes. Their son was making funny gestures to an ape. The ape began dancing for a brief moment. Then the ape shocked the family by hurling feces toward them.
Tom lived with his girlfriend. She bought a new decoration for the apartment. She really liked it and put it in the living room. Tom hated it and asked her to move it. She reluctantly agreed to do so.
My mother sent me a text message. She told me it was her 65th birthday. I told her happy birthday. She accused me of not meaning it. I was frustrated and refused to respond.
Maya took a trip to the beach. She swam out into the ocean. The strong current made it hard for her to swim. Maya decided to swim back to shore. Maya decided to rest before she swam again.
Benny visited his friends house. They decided to watch several movies together. He ended up staying over since the last movie ended late. His friend took out several blankets from the closest. They slept on the couch for the night.
Lucretia knows that soda is very unhealthy but she loves the taste. She decides to buy a soda after work and drink it alone at home. Just as she is buying the soda a friend almost sees her buy it. Lucretia is very happy her friend did not see her buying a soda. She goes home to drink the soda alone and is very happy.
Amy secretly got her ears pierced. She had been hiding it from her mom for 3 days. She went to a party and showed all her friends. One of her friends mom called Amy's mom and told on her. Amy was only mad at the mom who told.
Tyrone ordered a cheeseburger. He got the meal but when he took a bite he noticed something. There was no cheese. He complained about the lack of cheese. They apologized and gave him another burger free.
Spencer was moving. He tried to lift the bookshelf. The bookshelf fell down. It broke all over. Spencer bought a new one.
There was ketchup everywhere. I had let the ketchup bottle get close to the edge of the table. I was not paying attention. I knocked the bottle over. I mopped up the ketchup.
Andy wanted some candy. His wallet is empty. Andy has to steal a candy bar from the gas station. The attendant saw him do it. Now Andy has to pay a big fine.
Thomas finally got elected as a congressman. He made several promises to the people, his constituents. However, he got up to office and turned his back on them. All he cared about was his big fat paycheck. So next cycle, a different congressman was voted in.
Liberty didn't like her first name and often used her middle name. She was named after her great-grandmother who she never met. On a family vacation, she visited the house of her great-grandmother. Inside the home she found old news clippings about her grandmother. She was part of the Women's suffrage movement this made Liberty proud.
I decided to make Thanksgiving dinner from scratch. I was nervous but followed all of the recipes exactly. When my family arrived for dinner, they said it smelled delicious. When we sat down to eat, my father began carving the turkey. When he sliced into frozen meat, I ran out of the room mortified.
There was a candy bar in the pool. They shut down the pool. A cleaner came to clean the pool. It took four hours. They opened the pool when he was done.
Terry was having problems with his back. His best friend told him he should try drugs to help him. Terry liked the idea and went to the doctors for a prescription. He was prescribed Valium. After only a week, Terry felt a lot better.
Mike really wanted to learn how to play piano. So he took lessons from a professional. The professional gave him some scales to practice. Mike practiced the scales for months and months. Now Mike isn't that bad at piano.
Jane hated office birthday parties. She only liked eating the cake. She would always show up late just for that. Someone else noticed the trend. They made sure to get rid of all the cake early.
Allie stayed up all night to study for a test. She really needed to do well. She tried keeping her eyes open. She could not. Then she could not finish studying.
I was driving across the country to visit my in-laws. It was a 48 hour drive if you only made stops for food and gas. I was on hour 36 with no sleep. The tree's started waving to me and the lines started getting blurry. I had tired eyes and my mind was tricking me so I stopped and slept.
The little girls parents divorced. The mom remarried. The girls loved their stepdad. The step dad adopted the little girls. They all became a happy family.
Rufus feels that his life has become lonely and sad. He wants to have someone else in his home with him. Since he cannot find a girlfriend, he decides to get a pet fish. He buys a beautiful goldfish from the neighborhood pet store. Rufus feels slightly less lonely now that he has a fish.
I was tending to my garden. My kumquat tree had just bloomed. I went to go tend to it. I realized there were hundreds of bees swarming the tree. I realized I should be careful during blooming season!
The owners of a local restaurant were caught stealing servers' tips. The local TV news crew learned about the story. They descended on the owners with their cameras and microphones. The story aired on the six o'clock news. The restaurant closed, putting the servers out of their jobs.
Irene had never bought a lottery ticket in her life. She bought one that day at the convenience store. When she scratched it, she saw she had won. She jumped everywhere in her apartment. She then went back to the store to claim her one dollar.
The Jones family had planted a garden. The carrots were ready to harvest! They pulled them all out of the ground. They ate them as snacks and steamed them for dinner. The carrots were delicious and home grown!
Adam wanted a car. He had just gotten his license, after all! So he worked as a dishwasher and saved his money. In a few months he had earned enough for a used car. Adam was so proud to drive his "new" car to school every day!
Ricky was driving his car. A tire went flat on his car while driving it. Ricky did not know how to change a flat tire. Ricky called his dad for help. Ricky's dad came and changed the flat tire.
I used to live at the top of a hill. I was afraid to go down it when there was an ice storm. One time I had to go down it anyway. I went as slow as I could. Fortunately I made it without getting hurt.
I finally got around to watching the movie Deadpool. I didn't know anything about the character before I started. After the movie ended I considered myself a fan. Not just because of how fetching Ryan Reynolds looks in tight leather. I just enjoyed the gratuitous violence and excessive profanity.
During the hot summer, Fred's friends always frequented the pool. They urged him to join, but Fred had a deep fear of water. Finally, he agreed to go to a swimming lesson. The instructor was calm and friendly, and put Fred at ease. By the end of the lesson, Fred had learned to love the water.
Joe was thinking about taking a walk. But he wasn't sure if he should. He sat at his computer while thinking about walking. But it began getting dark. He decided not to walk.
Tom was struggling in school. He decided to hire a tutor. He found the tutor very useful. His grades soon improved. Tom became very happy with his academic performance.
Kona had a big hole in the bottom of her shoe. But she could not afford a new pair! A sympathetic neighbor gave her a pair of shoes. They were a little big, but warm and comfy. Kona was so grateful!
Leo's blood test showed a very high level of liver enzymes. The level indicated potential cirrhosis, or even cancer. Leo was terrified when he went in for his biopsy. Luckily, he had a kind nurse who was waiting for him after surgery. Right after he woke up, she smiled and said his liver was healthy!
Jennifer went for a walk one day to the store. When she arrived home, she searched her purse for her keys. She realized she forgot them and she was locked out! Thankfully she remembered she left a window unlocked. From that day on, she never forgot her keys again!
The weather forecast was calling for snow overnight. Jill hoped so because she was not ready for her math test. The next morning she awoke to a winter wonderland of snow. She played outside for a few hours then went back into the house. She spent the afternoon studying for her math test.
Maria decided that she should go for a run. Maria put on her exercise clothing and looked for her shoes. At first, Maria couldn't find her running shoes. But then, she looked under her bed. Maria found her shoes and put them on.
Nora's phone started ringing off the hook. The call tree had been activated for the community. A flash flood warning had been correct and a deluge rained down. Nora took her kids and pets to higher ground. She clung tightly to them as the waters rose higher and higher.
Jake wanted to take a vacation. He searched online for locations with great nature. He searched for months searching for the best location. He decided on spectacular New Zealand. He took his vacation there and had an unforgettable experience.
John is known as a slumlord. He owns several properties and rents to people on disability. He gets their checks and takes his rent money off the top. He refuses to make repairs to his properties which all have roaches. Renting from John is pretty much bad business.
David notices that many birds gather outside his window. At first he is annoyed that they chirp so nearby his home. However, one day, he decides to give them some bird seed. Now instead of being annoyed, he starts to love the birds. David decides to feed the birds every morning.
Tim wanted to play guitar. A friend bought him one for his birthday. Tim went online to look for educational videos. He tried a few a couple of times. Shortly after he gave up on the endeavor.
Shelly was very good at finding deals. She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals. She was trying to find an outfit for Daisy to wear to a date. She scoured every thrift store and sales rack. She found Daisy a gorgeous dress for ten percent retail!
I needed a pan way up high. I could not reach it by myself. I grabbed a stool nearby. I was able to reach the pan. I put the stool away.
Lucy had a very small suit. At first she thought it would fit her. Yet she realized it was too small. She was mad because she needed it for today. She had to suck it up anyway.
Jeff needed a haircut. He went to his barber shop. He decided to get it shaved. Now Jeff looks weird. His mom didn't recognize him.
Keith was a manager at a grocery store. There was a bad storm in the area. The storm knocked out the power in Keith's store. Keith wasn't able to get to the store to turn on the emergency power. The refrigerated items all had to be thrown the next day.
Bob majored in the humanities. He graduated with no job prospects. He looked for a job for nine months but gave up. He became a heroin addict to escape the pain of unemployment. Eventually, he killed himself.
Kate was in need of an apartment. She was new in town and wasn't sure which neighborhoods were bad. A friend had a great idea. There was a website where you pay a professional to find your place. Kate hugged her friend and went to call the service.
Kenny wanted to get a promotion at work. His boss promised a promotion upon completion of work. Kenny spent late nights working on unfinished projects. He was able to get complete all his work by the deadline. Kenny was promoted to general manager.
I had a great time fishing the other day. I was trying a new rod I'd purchased recently. With this new rod, I felt like I could catch anything. I didn't catch everything, but I sure caught a lot. I can't wait to do it again this weekend.
Xena's cat Pebbles was overweight because of being overfed. He couldn't even jump on the bed anymore. The veterinarian gave Xena a strict diet to put Pebbles on. Slowly but surely he began to lose weight. Eventually he was able to jump on the bed again!
Alex was a good student when in high school. She wanted to go to college. She asked her guidance counselor for advice about collages. The guidance counselor suggested appropriate colleges. Together they filled out applications.
Helen was enjoying her wedding reception. Suddenly one of her cousins stood and began speaking. The cousin announced that she was pregnant earning cheers. Helen was annoyed at her cousin for stealing the attention. Still she didn't want to seem rude so she didn't say anything.
Ed and his friends went together to the school dance. Because Ed loved to dance, he made a beeline to the dance floor. He got so caught up he didn't realize the music had stopped. He looked around him, seeing he was the only one dancing. He was embarrassed when everyone started clapping.
There was a large rainstorm in the area. When Tina woke up, her room was flooded. She could see one foot of water in the room. She screamed. Her entire house was flooded and she needed help.
Fig's little brother was scared to sleep alone. Fig decided to help him out. She went into his room and read to him. She read three chapters, until his eyes closed. Then she crept out of his room quietly.
A cat was chasing a mouse. The mouse hid under a rock. The cat pawed at the rock. Suddenly a loud sound echoed behind the cat. A dog had been chasing the cat too!
Six year old Matthew liked going to neighborhood yard sales. One day he decided to have a yard sale of his own. He picked out some old toys he no longer played with. He put the toys on the lawn next to a big sign he had drawn. Several children stopped to look, but no one bought anything.
I've never been a fan of baseball. I always thought it was so boring although I've only watched it on tv. My dad took me to a Cub's game yesterday. It was a very interesting game and the Cub's ended up winning. I totally have a new appreciation for the sport of baseball now.
I wrote the paper about autism for class. It was long winded and personal. The teacher asked me to stay after class. He wanted to talk. He told me I was a strong woman for what I was doing as a mother.
Frank loved living on the farm. His sheep had a new baby lamb. He loved to bottle feed it and pet it. The lamb grew to an adult sheep. Frank kept it on the farm once if was fully grown.
Amy was locked out of her dorm room by her dorm mate. Amy was forced to sleep at a friends. Amy called her mom in tears to tell her the horrible story. Her mother suggested she attempt to move to a new room. Amy cried herself to sleep after hanging up.
Lexi was looking for her favorite toy doll. She couldn't find it anywhere. Then, she searched her brother's room. She found the doll completely destroyed. She told her mom and he was in big trouble.
Matthew was at the battle of Normandy under heavy Nazi fire. His whole platoon was wiped out except for him and two other men. They saw an opening and ran for cover but the two men were shot. Matthew was now the only soldier left, he just wanted to live. He survived and made it home to tell his family about his deeds.
Allie wanted a credit card because all of her friends had one. She begged her parents relentlessly. Finally they agreed. They gave her one for emergency use. But Allie ended up using for a shopping spree instead.
Andrew took his son to his uncle's farm. They played with the farm animals. Andrew and his son helped with the crops. They milked cows. His son had a good time.
Lauren thought she was a great basketball player. She challenged her coach to a game of HORSE. Lauren sank basket after basket. Her coach made shot after shot. Lauren ended up losing to her coach.
It was mother's day. Jake wanted to do something special for his mother. Jake made breakfast for his mother in bed. Afterwards, Jake surprised her with a bouquet of roses. Jake's mother thanked him for being so generous.
Rachel loved high heels. She bought them in every color. However, she had bad ankles. While Rachel was wearing her pink heels, she fell. Rachel broke her ankle and can no longer wear high heels.
George was walking through a store. He wanted a soda. He didn't have any money though. He decided to steal the soda. Someone saw him and yelled, but he ran away quickly.
Lulu was in the school play. The event was tonight. She was very nervous. She got on stage and froze because she forgot her lines. Thankfully no one could tell.
Jimmy and his girlfriend decided to visit Niagara Falls. He had been there as a kid, but hadn't been there lately. So they decided to do some of the touristy things that were there. One of them was going on the Maid of the Mist. They loved being so near the falls and feeling the mist.
Oreo the dog wanted to chew on his bone. But Oreo could not remember where he buried the bone. Oreo sniffed the entire backyard. Oreo found the spot he buried it. Oreo was able to chew on his bone he found.
The man paid admission. He went into the event. He forgot something. He went out to the car to get it. They made him pay admission again.
Rhonda loved getting compliments on her yard. She entered a local contest for the best yard in town. To boost her chances, Rhonda sprayed the lawn with green paint. That night it froze. Rhonda woke to see fake green grass standing out in a sea of brown.
Kate was living with a roommate. One day, she saw that her roommate had destroyed the door. She was really upset and worried that she would be held liable. She went to the landlord immediately, to be safe. Luckily, she was in no trouble.
I've always wanted to go on a hot air balloon. When I finally decided to go, it began to rain. The next day when I went, the balloon was closed for repairs. The day after that, the hot air balloon had too many people. I decided to watch an online video of a hot air balloon instead.
Dan noticed that the arches of his feet were killing him. He asked his doctor about this pain. Dan's doctor recommended he get some new shoes. Dan went that night and bought a new pair of really nice shoes. Dan's feet have felt great ever since!
Kerry had rats in her house. She decided to catch them and release them outdoors. She set traps all over for them before bed. In the morning, she collected the traps and took them outdoors. She dumped the rats out of the traps and over the fence in the yard.
Jane was out with friends having dinner. It was her birthday. They all went back to a friend's house after. They had set up a surprise party for Jane. Jane was surprised and super happy.
Jane wanted to have friends over. She decided on a pot luck dinner. She organised with everyone invited. All her friends took complimentary dishes. It was a great night full of good food.
Dan notices that his hair is becoming thinner in his old age. He decides to buy a toupee. He finds a toupee that closely matches his hair color and texture. However, when he first wears it, he feels silly. Dan throws the toupee out and embraces his thinning hair.
Bryan was lost driving. Bryan could not find his way home. Bryan drove around for awhile. Bryan found his gps. Bryan got home finally.
My son bought a single speed bike a year ago. He liked the simplicity of the bike. After riding it up and down Brighton hills, he changed his mind. He sold the bike and bought a multi speed bicycle. He now bikes to work without working up a big sweat.
Emma was celebrating her birthday. She was definitely expecting a car as a gift. Her parents brought her outside and showed her a beat up sedan. She tried to be nice and sound appreciative but she was disappointed. Then, they revealed that it was a trick and her real car was nice.
Tom was trying to bake a cake. He realized he ran out of sugar. He decided to ask his neighbors for a cup. They were glad to help out. Tom was able to finish baking.
I use to work overnight freight at a local store. I got hurt on the job and had to take a month of light duty. When I returned to full duty, the manager started scheduling me less. I talked to others in the company about it, but nothing came of it. I ended up walking out one night at lunch and never looking back.
Larry had an important essay due the next morning. He spent most of the night writing it. When he tried to print it out he wasn't able to. Larry's printer has stopped working. Larry had to print it at the library and turned it in late.
Adam joined a country dance club. He wasn't sure if he would like it at first. He found that it was a lot of fun. By the next year, he was in charge of planning events for the club. Adam didn't know what he'd be doing without it.
Trevor was not normally squeamish. He put on a brave face while looking at the dead frog. He was supposed to dissect the legs, not cutting the tendons. With the first incision, Trevor immediately passed out onto the floor. He heard his classmates laughing when he came too a few moments later.
Al was laid off of his job. He picked up the paper and looked through the help wanted ads. Al sent resumes to several companies. He got an interview with one of the companies. Al got the job he interviewed for.
It was almost Halloween and they didn't know what they'd be. They went to the store to look at costumes. They looked online to get ideas for couples. They eventually decided on something they thought would work. They decided they would be Mary Poppins and Bert.
Harry joined a gang. Harry stole and got into trouble for the gang. Harry realized he wanted to leave his past life. Harry was forced on to keep running errands for them. Harry managed to escape during an errand leaving behind his life.
Millie was helping her son with a boat race. Together they were building a nice little boat. Millie was worried that the boat wouldn't float well. They arrived at the boat race right on time. Luckily, the boat was just perfect and it almost won.
I got so far behind on my bills. I have a lot of late payments pending. I have been rushing around to pay everything. It has been so stressful. I will never do this again.
Toby wanted to play basketball with his friends after school. He reminded himself to bring his ball with him so he could play. He hurried out the door in the morning and rushed to school. Toby forgot his basketball at home. He was not able to play basketball after school like he planned.
Kia begged her parents for a car for her 16th birthday. Her mom and dad said it was too expensive. They brought her numerous other gifts instead. Kia smiled and tried to be appreciative. But secretly, she was disappointed.
I dropped my phone in the toilet. I tried to revive it, but it would not work. I ended up buying a phone on Ebay. When I got it, I instantly fell in love with it. I am happy with my new phone.
I called a local Chinese restaurant to order food. The worker asked me for some information including my order. I told him that I want to purchase a family deal. He said that everything is $100 dollars. I cancelled the call.
Eddie was at the store with his mom. They walked by some flowers. He noticed there were yellow roses, his grandmother's favorite. He wanted to get them for her but he only had a dollar. His mom paid the difference so he was able to get the roses.
John was racing against Steve on motorcycles. Both of their families were very worried of the danger involved. John assured them it'd be okay so they believed him. During the race John purposely gave up and let Steve win. He decided he didn't want to risk the danger to win!
Sasha went to college this fall. She met her roommate and new it was going to be trouble. Her roommate stole all her food. She sold the food to the highest bidder. Sasha was furious, so she reported her to the dean.
Jessie played poker at the bar. Another player accused him of cheating. Jessie yelled at the player. The other player got up and left. The rest of the table decided to quit the game as well.
Petey liked to cook. He decided to make something special for his wife. He spent the day preparing a lovely dish. When it was ready, he presented it to his wife. Petey's wife was thrilled.
Bill was a young piano student. Bill found out he would have to play in a recital in a month. He was nervous about this. Bill practiced for two hours every single day for a month. Bill nailed the recital piece, wowing the crowd!
The family hid some eggs for Easter. The kids searched for the eggs. One of the eggs wasn't found. The egg rotted for two months. The family found the egg from the smell.
Jeb was just an old country boy. He was driving into town to pick up some gas. He saw a sign for the Powerball and decided to get a ticket. Jeb got his snacks and tickets and went home. The next morning Jeb wakes up to find out he's won the jackpot.
Ava was walking with her daughter through the woods one day. She decided to show her daughter how to make some crafts. The two collected pine cones and carried them home. There, they painted them and sprayed them with glitter. Then Ava and her daughter displayed their pine cones proudly!
I was bored. So I turned on the TV. However, nothing was on. I told my wife. She made me wash the dishes.
Harold was craving a hamburger. Unfortunately, he didn't have a car and couldn't cook. He decided he would walk to the nearest burger joint instead. It took him thirty minutes to get there on foot. He was tired, but it was completely worth it.
Layla was addicted to buying lottery tickets. She sometimes won small amounts, but usually wasted her money. Layla was excited when she heard the lottery was up to 200 million. She just knew she would win, and spent $100 buying scores of tickets. She didn't win on a single one of them, and cursed her luck.
I started playing the game late one afternoon. After a few hours I knew I wouldn't be stopping for a very long time. I didn't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss. I didn't stop when I had to be at work in four hours. Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch.
In Hawthorne California in 1990, teenagers liked to steal. To fit in with my friends, I decided to try stealing. On a trip to our corner store I slipped cookies in my pocket. The store owner called me from down the street and I came back. He asked if I stole his cookies and then said to give them back.
Martha and her husband Al are co-pastors of a small church. Recently Al has been ill so Martha has been preaching on Sundays. This apparently has some of the congregation up in arms. One of them wrote to the local newspaper about the subject. The newspaper published the letter and now everyone is angry.
Dan had a very important meeting scheduled with his banker. Dan wanted to ensure that his finances were in order for retirement. However, the day of the meeting, Dan overslept. Dan decided to call his banker and reschedule the meeting. Dan felt bad about missing a very important meeting with his banker.
Rita decided to take her kids bowling. Since they were very small, she did candlepin. The kids loved it. Her son scored numerous strikes. At the end, Rita went to take them for ice cream.
Tycho approached the pull-up bar with confidence. Although he was tall and skinny, Tycho was strong. The crowd gathered as Tycho gripped the bar and started. Tycho quickly did the required ten pull-ups and jumped down. A smile spread over his face as saw the crowd staring in disbelief.
Irene needed to mail a package to her family. She arrived at the post office. The employees there informed her that she needed to buy stamps. She was annoyed at first, but paid for the stamps. They were cheaper than she expected, so she had no worries.
Bobby woke up with his twin brother Frank on Easter. Frank and Bobby heard their mother tell of an Easter surprise coming. Bobby told Frank that they would go on an Easter egg hunt. Frank said it would be something else and then Mom brought out a box. Out of the box came two ducks who followed Bobby and Frank around!
Tom loved watching the UFC. He got into martial arts as a teenager. Unfortunately he also fell into addiction. Tom was unable to pursue his martial arts career. He was always upset about it throughout life.
Lucy was rude to her grandma May. Her grandma grounded her as a result. Lucy went to her grandmother and apologized. May asked what the apology was for. May was satisfied with the answer and took Lucy to Blockbuster.
Allie needed some extra pocket money. So she tried out babysitting. Her neighbor needed the help. But it was hard work. Allie could hardly handle the kids.
Anna woke feeling tired every morning. She decided to splurge on a new bed. She replaced her old one with a comfortable new one. Soon she was waking with more energy. Anna was glad she'd bought the new bed!
Bill wanted to make a giant pancake for breakfast. He got out all the ingredients he would need to make his pancake. Bill mixed up all the ingredients and made the batter for the pancake. He poured it into the pan for his giant pancake. It was the biggest pancake he had ever seen!
Tom wanted to walk backwards. He wanted to do it the whole day. He walked backwards through school. He bumped into the salad bar in the lunchroom. Tom never walked backwards again.
George became depressed after the death of his best friend. At night, he'd see his friend in dreams only to vanish upon waking. George visited his friend's grave after one such dream. He laid flowers down and noticed a figure off in the distance. The wind rustled through the trees and the figure vanished.
Burkwon Shur Kwon was a heterosexual. He liked hanging out in gay bars. One day a crazy man came to shoot up the bar he was at. Burkwon was trained in Taekwondo and rushed the shooter. Brown was shot six times, but the shooter died instead.
During my Junior year of college I felt very purposeless. Each day, I felt less and less like I was meant to be in college. One night as I was doing a project, something caught my attention. It was the description for a discipleship school in South Africa. I dropped all of my classes and went to South Africa for three months.
There was a girl in our class who was in a wheelchair. Her aunt took the class as well. One day, she was in the bathroom. Her aunt went to class and forgot her niece in the bathroom. She ran out in embarrassment to go get her.
Abbey was leaving a restaurant with her family. While the adults chatted she began to spin in circles. She was having a lot of fun spinning so she did it for a long time. Finally, her mom told her it was time to go. Abbey was so dizzy that she couldn't move for ten minutes.
The boys had been watching birds all month. Finally they decided to build a bird house. They collected some wood, nails, and a couple hammers. Then they got straight to work and fit it all together. Finally they hung it and stood back to admire their project.
Angelica picked up cross stitching as a hobby. She cross stitched throughout all of her 20s. But when she turned 30 she stopped cross stitching completely. So she decided to get rid of all of her cross stitch supplies. She packed everything up and donated it all to goodwill.
I ran to the kitchen because I smelled something funny. When I opened the oven, I almost burnt my hand. The turkey was on fire! The whole house smelled like smoke. Thanksgiving was ruined.
School was starting up in a week. All of my current clothes were filled with holes. Me and my mom went to walmart. We bought hundreds of dollars of clothes. I went to school wearing a lot of nice new clothes.
Max was the family dog. Everyone was saddened to find out he had terminal cancer. The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately. Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live. Max did so well with the puppy that he lived another six years.
Charles and Diane were on their honeymoon. They were about to finish up but wanted to catch a beach sunrise. They waited on the sand early one morning in the dark. They almost fell asleep as they waited, but managed to wake up. The sunrise finally came and it was gorgeous.
Clark was putting down carpet in his house. He measured the square area the floor he needed to cover. He went to the home furnishing store. Clark bought the rolls of carpeting. He needed to borrow a truck to haul the carpet.
Susie stayed at her beach house for the weekend. All of the sudden though, her power went out. Susie was scared. She stayed in the dark for an hour. But then the power came back later and she was alright.
My family went to the beach for vacation. Since it was summertime, it was very hot. I went to the boardwalk to get some ice cream. The cold ice cream cooled me down. I was angry when a seagull stole my unfinished ice cream cone.
Kelly had been invited to homecoming! She was so thrilled, until she realized she couldn't afford a dress. She asked her mom for help, and her mom calmed her. She promised Kelly she'd sew her a new dress by hand. And on dance night, Kelly had the prettiest dress in the whole school!
Tom was visiting a waterfall. He noticed someone getting too close to the edge. He yelled at them to get back down. They didn't listen and fell over. Tom was traumatized by it ever since.
I was watching television with a friend. I decided to watch a movie in German. My friend started laughing. He used the remote control to change subtitle settings to English. We were able to understand the movie.
A boy saw an airplane far in the distance. He watched as the plane did many tricks. The boy walked closer to the plane to see it better. The plane flew off into the distance faster than the boy walked. Quickly the plane was out of sight.
Maggie was working really hard on a garden. One morning she went out to tend to it. She saw that the whole thing was torn up. She realized that an animal must have done it. That day she built a huge fence around her garden.
Tim's parents took Tim to the zoo. Tim wanted to see the monkeys first. When they got to the monkey exhibit it was closed. Tim was sad so Tim's dad bought him some cotton candy. The cotton candy was good and Tim forgot all about the monkeys.
The family fondly remembered the restaurant shaped like a spaceship. When they visited the area again, they wanted to eat there. They took what they thought was the right exit for the restaurant. They were disappointed to find that the restaurant was gone. In the place of the cool restaurant was an industrial park.
Our team went to a certain track meet every year. But somehow our seed times were not entered. My main event was the 800 meters. I won the second to last heat. I should have said I was usually in the last heat.
Adam and Angel were very much in love but they worked too much. They never had any time together and this made them sad. Adam decided the two of them needed to go on a date. Angel felt silly but she dressed up to look very nice. They went on their date and had a blast.
Kaya's single mom worked full-time to care for Kaya and her brother. One day after school, Kaya decided to show her thanks. She washed all the dishes and helped her young brother clean his room. Then they swept and mopped the floors together. When their mom came home, she wept with joy to see her happy surprise!
Ben ran into a friend from math class last semester. He asked Ben how he was doing. Since Ben failed the class, he didn't want to talk about it. However, his friend asked about his grade in the class. Ben lied and said that he earned a C.
Our girls won the cross country state championship. Their goal was just to get to the state meet. The team trained hard every morning. I watched the team grow close together. It started when my friend told me she was going to run cross country.
Charles wanted to make more money. But he couldn't find a second job or start a business. He went to see a financial adviser. The financial adviser listened to Charles. The adviser said he had a solution but it cost a thousand dollars.
Steve had always wondered what Chinese noodles tasted like. One day he asked his friend to bring him to a Chinese restaurant. Steve tasted thin and thick noodles at the restaurant. He loved their taste and consistency. He went home feeling satisfied that he finally tried Chinese noodles.
Stacy, Andy, and Drew were playing in the basement. Andy thought it would be funny to cover Stacy with a beanbag. He sat on top of it, unaware that Stacy could not breath. Drew saw, and ran upstairs to tell his parents about the danger. It was quite the scare for Stacy, and Andy quickly apologized.
Mike was getting a bad case of insomnia. He decided to go for a run to tire himself out. He went on to run for an hour around his neighborhood. By the time Mike got back he was absolutely exhausted. Mike ended up sleeping in!
I am a fan of a famous Irish boxer. He had a boxing match with an opponent in the Olympics. The match went his way, and he dominated his opponent. The judges gave the match to the opponent, who clearly lost. This is another example of corruption in the Olympics.
Rod was on his lunch break. He had brought leftovers from his house. He tried to microwave his food for lunch. He realized the microwave was broken. Rod decided to order pizza for lunch instead.
I decided to get rid of my old clothes. I donated them to the local charity. Little did I know that the charity was selling the clothes for profit. I found out and decided to let the whole community know. Everyone boycotted the charity and they had to declare bankruptcy.
The fish I caught the other day were perfect sized. I filleted half and scaled the others. The whole ones are great but have a lot of bones. Half the fun of eating bluegill is picking bones out. My kids disagreed and ate all the fillets.
Kara was a doctor. She had to bring a pager around everywhere. Nurses would call her for updates. One day she got mad and threw her pager away. Everyone started calling her cell phone instead.
I was at the post office waiting in line. The line was not moving at all. The workers said they did not have a manager available. I decided to get a job as the post office manager. I gave them the leadership needed to run the post office.
Tom bought a new pair of socks. His feet became itchy after a while. Tom had started getting a rash. He realized it was the new socks. He was allergic and threw them out.
Jimmy made a paper airplane. He loved to fly it in the yard so he threw it. Unfortunately, the plane landed in the neighbor's yard. Jimmy was sad because the neighbor owned a dangerous dog. Jimmy knew making another plane would cheer him up.
Gary returned home after a long day at work. He found his kids playing in the living room. They were running around yelling. The havoc of the situation annoyed him greatly. He loudly yelled for them to stop.
Tanya always wanted to cook like her mom. She bought countless cookbooks. She would go to cooking classes. She finally got the nerve to have her parents for dinner. At the end, her mom said it was the best sauce ever!
Arthur was walking down the street when something caught his eye. A fancy leather jacket was on display in the window. Arthur immediately walked forcefully into the store. When he saw the price tag, however, his jaw dropped. Arthur decided he didn't want such a lame jacket anyway.
Before 911 I went to beautiful Black and White wedding. The couple gave their guests Japanese Betta fish as gifts. I carried that beautiful fish on plane for safekeeping. I filled the perfect bowl with water for it when I got home. I tried to pour the fish in the bowl but it went down the drain.
Kyle and sam went to the movies. They weren't sure it was a date or not. They finished the movie and talked about it. Kyle confessed his feelings for her. She likes him too.
Isa was nervous about starting fifth grade. She feared the teacher might be mean. But on the first day, her fears were eased. The teacher was very kind to Isa. Isa felt much better about going to school!
Janet was a single, forty year old woman. She focused on her career for many Year's. As Janet got older, she wanted to get married. She decided to start dating online. She met a wonderful man and they fell in love.
Jerry wanted to become an olympic gymnast. He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club. Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check. Eventually, Jerry tried out for the olympic squad. Unfortunately, Jerry wasn't good enough and his dreams were crushed.
Jacob joined the boys cross country team. The coach told him he had great potential. He trained hard for the next week before the first race. He rested for the race and ate well. Jacob won first place at the meet.
Sally owned a salon. She cut hair and did makeup. One day a robber came to the salon to take her money. The robber had a knife, but noticed 5 women with pointy scissors. The robber ran away from the salon.
Tim wanted to be more organized. He bought himself a scheduling book and wrote in it. Every day, he consulted his daily schedule. Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized. Tim was glad that the schedule strategy had worked!
Ryan wanted to make sure he could defend himself. He decided to take a martial arts class. He signed up for karate lessons. Every week he learned new maneuvers and defense techniques. Soon Ryan felt very capable of looking after himself!
Charlotte was running late for an interview. She was unable to put the top up on her convertible. It started to rain on the way there. The wind and water messed up Charlotte's hair. She was embarrassed throughout the interview.
Roger was always suspicious of everything. This afternoon, he set out to enhance his tin foil hat. He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online. He cut the foil into pre-cut shapes and started to bend them. He ended up with an enhanced hat, which he tried on for size.
Jane dropped her daughter Ali off at home. She needed to discuss Ali's suspension with her, but time was short. Jane drove back to work speeding the whole way. A deadline was approaching for a project at work. Jane arrived to see no one was working on the project.
Nina had an essay to write for chemistry. At first she had no idea what topic to pick. Then she thought of her best friend Adam, and got inspired. She wrote a paper on the subject of atoms! Nina's essay scored an A!
Jeffrey admires the fish in his fish tank. Watching the fish swim relaxes him. He enjoys the myriad of colors in the tank. Jeffrey adds another fish to his tank. Seeing one more fish brings him joy.
The Army was running a drill. They drove a tank through town. THe townspeople were all nervous. They hoped this didn't mean something scary would happen. They stayed in their homes and hid.
Lambo Rusty was a food eating champion. He had several medals for hotdogs and hot wings. One day he saw an ad for a milkshake competition. He had a week to train, and did so with an advanced training regimen. Lambo came in second place, to a 5-year-old girl.
Ollie had the flu. His mother took him to the doctor. The doctor gave him some medicines and told him to rest. Ollie spent a few days in bed and started to feel better. Ollie got over the flu and was able to leave the house again.
I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning. I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family. My mom and dad slept in and the cereal sat for an hour. When they got up they were very happy to see they had breakfast ready. They told me next time they will make breakfast and I could sleep in.
Sandy and her family had just moved to a new town. Sandy was going to a new school now. She was nervous about meeting new people. Sandy joined an after school club. Sandy made many new friends.
There was a fire a Kay's house and she lost all her toys. Her mother told her she would buy her new ones. One day Kay's mother gave her a brand new kid sized table. Kay was happy since this was the toy she missed most. Even though she liked the table she still missed the old one.
Rufus has wanted to see his son Jonathan for several months. He has been very busy at work, but he misses seeing Jonathan. Finally Rufus gets a day off and drives to see Jonathan in Vermont. They spend the day together and then have a beer. Rufus feels great that he finally got to see his son.
Sarah just got a new smartphone. The camera app on her phone was really slow. It lagged and took pictures way too slow. Sarah bought a camera app from the app store for $1. Sarah was able to take better quality pictures with the new app.
Our 2 year old granddaughter Lila was in Boston for a visit. Her great aunt came by to visit. She brought apples for everybody. She gave Lila a t-shirt from Aruba. Lila loved the t-shirt.
Joe and Sam went to a local museum one Saturday. When buying tickets, they paid extra to see the traveling exhibit. Much to their surprise, the exhibit was about cannibals! To their surprise, the exhibit was educational and not gruesome. After their visit, they were pleased they bought the extra admission.
Joey wanted a new gaming system. He asked his parents but they said No. Joey decided to get a job to get the console. Joey applied for a local fast food restaurant. Joey aced his interview and got the job.
Julia was celebrating her birthday. One of her gifts was a telescope. That night she wanted to try it out. Her dad set it up. Through the telescope she could see Venus.
Polly was working on some surveys online. One survey offered a reward, a free phone, instead of just money. Polly filled out the survey hardly believing the claim was true. To her surprise, she received the free phone in the mail shortly. She left the survey taker a great review for his kindness.
I was visiting my daughter at Boston College one weekend. I am Chinese. A BC employe was picking up Chinese restaurant flyers. He asked me if I was distributing the flyers. I told him I was visiting my daughter, and he apologized.
Morgan was covered in cat hair. She'd gotten a new cat and played with it often. The cat would shed even more when it was excited. Morgan decided to brush it. Soon the shedding problem was under control.
Every day when Ellen woke up, she exercised for twenty minutes. She needed it to feel energized to face her day. When one day she overslept, she had to skip her exercises. As she wasn't energized enough, she chose the wrong bus. It took her an hour to realize her mistake and arrived late at work.
Beth needed new socks. She knew a discount store near her sold socks. She walked there. She found great socks. She bought new socks.
Tiffany was craving a homemade pizza. She went to the stuff and bought the stuff she needed. She even bought yeast to make homemade dough. After making the dough she grabbed the rest of the stuff. It was then that she realized she had forgotten the cheese.
Lisa loved wearing a lot of makeup. One morning, she decided to wear none at all. At school, no one could recognize her. She was happy to discover this, and made up a secret identity. She called herself Polly, and no one discovered her secret for months.
In my second grade class there was one really overweight student. He loved to eat and didn't seem picky. One day at lunch though we had pizza. For some reason he just sat there and cried without eating. We learned that the kid who loved to eat hated pizza!
Rachel had a beautiful ivory necklace. It was very valuable so she kept it locked at all times. Except one day, she took it out to show to a friend. And as she forgot to put it back, she misplaced it. After many years, Rachel has never found her necklace again.
Lucy owns three dogs. She loves all three of them but they are a handful. Lucy realizes she could use some help with the dogs. She puts a help wanted ad in the paper and gets a response. Within three days Lucy has help with her three dogs.
I stepped off my deck to water plants and turned my foot sharply. Spilling water everywhere, I fell to the ground, foot throbbing. My dogs ran to my side, and I braced myself on them as I sat up. Unable to walk, I hopped and crawled to the house to call for help. Waiting for a ride to the ER, I was blessed by worried dog kisses.
I wanted to lose a lot of weight. I wanted to be proud of my waist. I wanted to show off a six pack stomach. After doing one sit up, I gave up. I decided I was fine the way I was.
I drove to Starbucks one morning to get coffee. When I got back to the car I saw it had a flat tire. I called my 12 year old son at home. He brought a pump, riding a skateboard. I was able to fill up the tire enough to drive to a gas station.
Charles ran out of clean clothes to wear. He put all of his dirty clothes in a bag. Charles drove to the laundromat. Charles needed four washing machines for all of his laundry. He spent more than twenty dollars washing and drying clothes.
Kathy was shopping. She needed to buy diapers for her baby. She got in the car and drove home. Halfway home, she realized she'd forgotten the diapers! She turned around and went back.
Lilly made a beautiful snow angel before going in for lunch. When she got back outside, there was a halo above it. She had no idea how it could have gotten there. Her mother said it was because she really was an angel. That made her suspect her mom had snuck out and put it there.
Buddy is a legendary guitarist. He has played all kinds of music and all venues. He has play with many legends. Buddy is celebrated and worshiped. Buddy never gives lessons.
Vicky was taking her morning jog in the park. Her ankle buckled when she tripped over a rock. She fell to the ground with a forceful impact. Her knee had been scraped, but not too badly. She was able to continue her jog without any problems.
Sarah's mom was visiting from Florida. They went to Sarah's favorite restaurant. They talked for hours without realizing the time. They had talked passed closing time! Sarah tipped the waitress generously.
Susie bought a car. It malfunctioned the very first day. She brought it back to the dealership to complain. The salesman gave her another car. Susie was happy that this one drove perfectly.
Tom had been married for 20 years. His wife always wanted to go dancing. For his anniversary Tom took dancing lessons. After months he was really good. His wife was amazed when they wanted dancing that night.
Jason was planning a camping trip with friends. To prepare, he went to the outdoors store. He found a camping chair that he really liked. Jason saw that the chair cost over a hundred dollars. Jason decided to simply sit on the ground instead.
Tammy was doing the dishes. She reached into the sink and felt something sharp. Tammy pulled out her hand from the sink. Tammy had cut her hand on a knife. She bandaged her wound and it eventually healed.
Tina went out to lunch with her friend Stan. The two of them went to a new restaurant in town. When it came time to pay Tina handed over her card. The card was declined. Tina had no other form of payment so stan had to cover it.
May was sitting at the back of the school bus. She tried to warn John who was standing to sit down. John insisted that he would be fine. When the bus hit a notorious speed bump, he was not prepared. May laughed as she helped John recover.
Joey got into shape to get ready for the marathon. He worked hard and jogged a couple miles every day. After a few months, he was at his fittest. Joey ran in the marathon. He didn't win, but he was happy he finished.
We went to a wedding in December. It was 50 miles away from our home. Neither one of us drives very well. We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception. We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding and the comfortable transportation.
Jim was going to Waterworld. Waterworld was a theme park in his city. Sam wanted to go too. However, Sam didn't know how to swim. Jim decided to hold off on the trip and teach Sam to swim.
Alicia was driving with her son to the grocery store. On the way there, Alicia saw a sign illuminate for fresh donuts. Alicia quickly turned around and headed to the store for donuts. Alicia bought a dozen of the donuts, but ate one right away. Alicia was glad she stopped to get a fresh donuts.
Denis wanted to win the race at school. He wasn't very fast and he wasn't very athletic. Despite this, he enrolled and run as fast as he could. People cheered him and he run faster. At the end, he came in last, but he was proud of himself for trying.
Betty liked to go to the casino. Her husband didn't like when she lost money. Betty went to the casino with her friend Jane. Betty didn't tell her husband. Her husband found out and was mad at Betty.
My friend Dick and I used to play chess in the atrium of our building. We played speed games during lunch. One day a stranger walked by and asked if he could play. He won a game against Dick. Dick was angered by the stranger's smug look.
For her birthday, Carly wanted a clown to perform for her friends. She begged her parents for the clown for months. On the day of her birthday, a clown showed up. He wore makeup and funny shoes. Carly and her friends had a lot of fun at her party.
Anna needed a belt for her outfit. But she found that she had outgrown all her own belts! She went to her dad's room and asked to borrow one. Her dad lent her a belt, and Anna tried it on. To her relief, her dad's belt fit perfectly.
Karen, a licensed beautician, opened a beauty salon. She had no medical training but read extensively about vitamins. Karen started prescribing vitamins and remedies for her clients. One woman had a very bad result, and she told her doctor about Karen. The doctor reported Karen for practicing medicine without a license.
We decided to take the kids to the movies. We headed out to the drive in and got snacks. We parked the car and got everything ready. We started to watch the movie and the kids loved it. But by the time the second movie started they were asleep.
Mara loves makeup. She spends all her spare money at Sephora. She decided to start doing makeup as a side job. She became a very successful makeup artist. Now, she works doing makeup full time.
When she they played statue at school, she always won. Madge could stay still for hours, and had. Once she was even allowed to be a model in a store window. Even when a boy poked her leg, she didn't move. This stopped the day a pigeon flew off of her, leaving his white mark.
I went to the store one day to buy clothes. I found a cool looking pair of pants and purchased them. I went home and put them on but they didn't fit. I took the pair back to the store and got a replacement. I went home and the jeans fit much better.
Beth suffered from migraine headaches constantly. It was getting so unbearable that it was hard to lead a normal life. She went to the doctor to see if he could help. The doctor gave Beth some medicine. Beth was pleased to feel normal again.
Kelly went to the animal shelter. She adopted a sweet puppy. She took him home and spoiled him. The dog now had toys and food and a nice bed. Kelly wanted to make his life special.
Cheyenne tried to keep up with her friend David as they walked. She couldn't believe he wouldn't slow down for her. After about an hour she started wondering if he was really her friend. She would have just sat down and let him go but she couldn't. David was the only one who knew his way back to the car.
Anna was doing a life sentence in prison. She met Hank, another prisoner, in a work program. She and Hank fell in love. They married behind bars. Anna realized how much better her life was for Hank, even in jail!
Kevin went to the computer. He searched online for CDs. Finally he found a decent pack of them. They were very cheap. He was shocked to find them that cheap.
Dan was playing a video game with Steve. The two were playing call of duty. The winner would be the one who gets the most Kills. Dan loses to Steve and has to run around naked in the street. Dan is totally humiliated running through the street naked.
Caleb was from the midwest. He had never been hiking in higher elevations. His first day in the Rocky Mountains he asked to go on a hard hike. The hike wasn't long but there was big change in elevation. After a half mile, Caleb decided to quit.
Kenneth fell into a big depression. He had a very hard time reaching out to his friends for help. He'd take too many medicines to ease the pain. And when his friends came over, he didn't recognize them. With patience and love, he managed to get better over time.
I got off work early and went back to my place, expecting a lame night. As I opened my door, I heard screams from my friends. They all surprised me for my birthday, as my heart began to flutter. I went and hugged them all, enjoying their company as we all smiled. The night progressed and my only thought was I wish it never stopped.
Tina absolutely loved candy. She ate candy every day. But she didn't brush her teeth that well. So she got a lot of cavities. Tina then learned her lesson!
Leslie tickled her friend Mark. Mark took this as a sign of sexual attraction. Mark kissed Leslie on the lips. Leslie backed away in shock. She told Mark she only thought of him as a brother.
Hillary's husband was the President of the United States. After his term ended, she decided she wanted to get into politics. She was elected as a senator. She took her role as a senator very seriously and  did great. Now, Hillary is running for President herself.
Ned's mom and dad took in a foster son. Ned was angry at first. He thought that the new kid would take attention away from him. But gradually, he and the foster boy began to get along. Soon enough, Ned's foster brother had become his best friend!
It's was Sarah's 25th birthday. She decided to celebrate by having a party. Sarah blew out the candles at the end of the night. Her hair caught on fire while she was trying to blow out the candles. Her friend threw water on her head to extinguish the fire.
Lucas bought a lollipop from the store. He decided to see how many licks to finish it all. After 1,000 licks, he was tired. His mouth was so sore. He tried to talk but his tongue was numb.
Charles flew to Mexico to learn Spanish. He met a cute girl in the ice cream parlor. He asked her out on a date. They went to Mcdonald's and to a movie. They were in love but Charles had to return to California.
Will hated mowing the lawn. He looked for lawn care companies in the area. A neighbor kid offered to mow his lawn for $25. Will compare the prices and found out it was a good deal. Now the neighbor kid mows his lawn weekly.
Lily studied the migratory path of butterflies. She especially liked to study Monarch butterflies. She discovered that their migration was being interrupted by smog. She emailed a conservation group about that, asked them how to help? They gave her a petition to sign, and invited her to join their group.
Robert noticed it was time for dinner. He asked what everyone wanted but no one would make up their mind. He decided to cook pizza rolls because they were easy. He put them in the oven to heat them up for about ten minutes. Everyone ate the pizza rolls that Robert cooked for dinner.
Mark had been practicing his DJ skills at home for more than a year. He spent hours each day playing mixes on his turntables. One weekend a friend offered him the chance to play a set at a club. He accepted the offer even though he was very nervous about playing. The crowd ended up really enjoying his performance.
Quex loved to go to the park. He would always go to the duck pond. Quex would always feed the same duck every day. One day Queen's favorite duck wasn't there. Quex came back every day to see him but he never came.
My family doesn't make much money so we rarely have any food. One time, there was no food at home and my sister had a bag of chips. I was hungry so I stole it from her and ran. I ran straight into a wall, stubbed my toe, and dropped the bag. She took the bag, laughed, and left me hurt and hungry.
John really wanted to learn to play chess like a grand master. John read books about chess strategy. John joined a local chess club. John began to rise in the ranks of the club and in his region. Today, John is one of the world's top chess players.
Claude had been preparing for his math exam for months. Now the day was upon him, he woke early and got ready for school. However, in his rush, he forgot to bring any books with him! Claude had to return home to get his books. He missed the exam he had worked so hard to prepare for.
Veronica had just started a new job. She had always been poor, so this new pay was highly anticipated. One morning, she saw her paycheck had made it into the bank. It was even more money that she had expected. Veronica was so excited she vowed to save it all for something great.
Jana was a terrible photographer! She especially excelled in taking pictures of her own hand. She was also really good at taking pictures of the ground. On her last vacation, she had a few good pictures on her camera roll. These, unfortunately, were all taken by someone else!
The man suffered a fracture. The fracture didn't heal. He walked with a limp from that. The limp stressed his joints. His hip gave out one day.
Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work. He shouldn't drive after drinking so he doesn't plan to stay long. However, his best friends show up at the bar and they all drink lots. After several drinks, Jason decides to take the long walk home. He finally gets home and decides he never wants to drink again.
Yogi went camping with his family at the national park. They unpacked their belongings and set up the tent. It was getting late, so they decided to sleep. The next morning, Yogi couldn't believe his eyes. Local critters had eaten all their food.
Stephanie brought her favorite book to school. During recess, all the students out to the playground. Stephanie was the only one who stayed behind. She pulled her book out of the bag and read at her desk. Getting lost in a book was much more enjoyable to her.
Bobby put together a park cleanup event. Volunteers assembled and picked up garbage for a few hours. Bobby deemed the event successful. Bobby decided to keep organizing similar cleanup efforts. Bobby became well-known in the community, and a non-profit hired him.
Kayla was going to eat at her boyfriend's house. Kayla did not eat meat. Her boyfriend's family only cooked meat. Kayla did not want to upset the family by not eating. She sneaked her plate to the dog so she would not offend the family.
I walked out to my car to get something. When i came back in, i noticed a foul smell. I looked everywhere for the smell. My friend said it was coming from me. Turns out I had stepped in poop when I walked outside.
It was a beautiful summer day and I decided to go for a picnic. I have always loved going on romantic picnics with my boyfriend. We decided to go to the local park we enjoy. We brought a blanket, flowers and a basket of food. It was wonderful.
Yesterday I made hot dogs in the toaster. Unfortunately however, the smoke detector went off. I had forgotten about the hot dogs. I smelled smoke throughout the house. I unplugged the oven and thankfully it didn't get worse.
John wanted some barbecue chicken. He had some chicken but no barbecue. So he went too the store to get barbecue. John went home to cook the chicken. John had some barbecue chicken.
At school the whole class was talking about Home Alone. Kim's friend Beth was going to see the movie this weekend. Kim told Beth her mother said they couldn't go. Beth told Kim she could go with her to the movie. Kim was excited to go with her friend.
Sonia was driving thru the city. She was stopped at a light when suddenly someone approached. A man held a gun up to her door and demanded she get out. She freaked out and did as he said. Luckily he didn't harm her but climbed in the car and took off.
A man named Donald was very powerful and rich. He lived in a very high tower and controlled many people. He decided he wanted even more power over people. Donald went and made a gang of very nasty people. He then ran a criminal underground like the mafia.
I loaned a game out to my friend. When I asked him for it back he said he lost it. I told him he owed me thirty bucks for it. He said that it's not his fault he lost it and won't pay. I'm not loaning him any games anymore.
Michael waited in line at a popular coffee shop. He doesn't enjoy waiting. It's worth it because he loves their iced coffee. Finally he orders his drink. Then he accidentally drops it on the way out.
Jen and Ed were watching a detective show on tv. They were just about to find out who the murderer was. Jen's dad walked into the living room. He tripped over the television's cord, unplugging it. They never found out who did it!
Dj was a child actor. He acted in many popular films. Dj made a lot of money while he was acting. Once he became an adult the roles stopped coming in. Dj decided to go get a college degree.
Nina wanted to be an accountant. She earned her bachelor's degree, then began submitting applications. Sadly, the job market was glutted! Then Nina's uncle said that his own firm's accountant had just quit. He happily offered Nina a job practicing her chosen trade!
Tim had been trying to have a child with his wife for years. It was with great pride that he was now holding his newborn son. At the hospital, Tim could not help but grin. The nurses and doctors noticed this as well. Tim left the hospital, a changed man.
Maria was out christmas shopping. She had her infant asleep in a baby carrier. Suddenly, someone slammed a cart against a wall. Her baby woke up and began screaming. Maria tried to soothe him but he wouldn't stop until they left.
I downloaded the app. It took me to a strange screen. I was unsure how to follow the instructions. I tried several times. Finally I asked my friend for help.
Derek felt unfulfilled. He had focused his life around work. Derek found himself wanting to slow down with a family. Derek didn't want to remember only working his entire life. He asked his best friend out on a date.
Jordan was wandering through the desert on his camel. The camel was starting to get thirsty. Jordan headed towards an old oasis he knew. When they arrived, the oasis had dried up. Jordan realized he was lost, and drank his last drops of water.
Today was their anniversary. Toby wanted to surprise his wife. He snuck into the kitchen and started making breakfast. Toby made all his wife's favorite breakfast foods. She was so happy when he brought her breakfast in bed.
Tim was cutting onions. His knife was old and dull. It slid off the top. Tim cut his finger by accident. It was extra painful with onion juice.
We arrived to northern Nevada in early May to visit a friend. The weather was crisp and the sky was covered in grey clouds. I commented about how much it felt like snow weather. Despite everyone disagreeing with me it did snow that night. I enjoyed making a tiny snowman.
Rob felt hungry. Rob decided to check what was in the fridge. He found some apple pie. The pie was spoiled. Rob decided to remain hungry.
Trey was very ill. His doctor couldn't figure out what the problem was. He ran a lot of tests. Finally, the doctor solved the mystery. It had been the hardest case he'd ever had.
Tim hated being sick. He didn't want to miss any work. He took some cold pills and went to work sick. He did a horrible job and got other people sick. Tim should have stayed home.
I wear an ankle brace. It is called an ankle foot orthosis, or AFO. Today a little girl saw my brace. She asked me what was wrong. I told her I need an AFO to walk.
Fred had been working up the nerve to ask Suzy out. Finally he saw her walking. He yelled over to her. He asked her to lunch. To his delight she said yes.
Mary was nine months pregnant. She woke up suddenly in the middle of the night. Her labor pains had started. Her husband rushed her to the hospital. She gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
Wendy was flying a kite one windy afternoon. She lost control and the kite flew higher and higher. The string broke and the kite flew up into the stratosphere. Lighting struck the kite and it flew down to earth. Wendy looked upon her broken kite and cried.
I was bored. My brother asked me if I would like to play some chess. Normally I would say no but I was so bored that I agreed. My brother beat me at chess. I got angry and threw the chessboard into the trash.
All the girls were ready to start. They had spent a while making the hopscotch markings. They had used sidewalk chalk and ready to play. The girls began jumping to each numbered box. It was great fun playing hopscotch for them.
Lily was waiting for a phone call. She waited all day, but she never got the call. Lily realized that no one else had called her all day. She went to her phone and realized the battery was dead. Lily put her phone on the charger.
Frank decided to get some gum. He went to the store. There was a giant gum display. He picked out a pack he liked. Frank paid for the gum.
Jamie gathered up her supplies. She walked to the school for her first day. She got a new locker and new books. She made new friends and met her new teacher. She was excited to go back to school!
Ric went on vacation to Hawaii. They presented him a lie when he arrived. At first Ric felt silly wearing it. Then he saw that everyone else wore one too! Ric wore his lei with pride after that.
Joanne was excited by an affordable option for bathroom remodeling. A contractor fit custom fiberglass forms over her old tub and shower. She was even able to add the option of glass shower doors. The work was completed in one day with no messy demolition. Joanne's bath looked like new for a fraction of the time and money!
A woman had a baby. When she was ready to leave the hospital, she packed her bag. Her husband brought the car around and helped her load things up. They put the baby in a car seat and strapped him in the car. Then, the family drove home.
Tom wanted to be a member of a great rock band. Tom responded to an ad posted by a band seeking a singer. Tom auditioned for the role of lead singer. The band told Tom that he really couldn't sing at all. Tom was crushed by this critique!
Sam's neighbor was moving to a different country. Her neighbor was unable to bring his pet cat with him. He wanted Sam to take care of his cat Spot. Sam accepted his offer. Sam eventually became best friends with Spot.
Jim loved running.e He joined his school's track and field team. He won several races. He broke two records. The school still has his picture on display.
Tim was a wrestler. Tim was very competitive. Tim eventually developed cauliflower ear. Tim was not concerned with his appearance. Tim's ear appeared deformed due to wrestling competitively.
Nell's mom headed to the store for school supplies. Nell was excited for her mom to come home with her new crayons. She pictured herself opening the big box of 64 crayons. When her mom walked in, Nell grabbed the bag of supplies. Pulling out a pack of 8 crayons, Nell lost all her enthusiasm.
Eve was an aspiring writer. As a lover of television, she wanted to write TV shows. She got her first job editing scripts. The show's writing team seemed soulless and wrung dry. Eve got the feeling that screenwriting was not the path for her.
Billy loved being active. He did fifty push ups a day. Until one day he hurt his arm. He was very sad. However, he decided to work out his legs to stay in shape.
Amy was the oldest girl in the Easter egg hunt. She was eleven and the others were nine. So she was sure she would win! When they turned in their eggs, Amy frowned. She had been beaten by a seven-year-old!
Jean found a piece of gum on her dresser. She stuffed it in her pocket. She forgot about it and washed and dried the pants. The gum made a huge mess in the pocket. Jean didn't know what to do!
Omar was on vacation. And he saw an artisan coffee shop. He thought about buying coffee there. But he decided it was too expensive. When Omar was back at home, though, all he thought about was coffee.
While visiting my favorite restaurant, I had an unusual experience. I ordered fish, and the waiter brought me a baked cod. The head was still attached and the gills were moving! As I cut into the flesh, the fish's eyes rolled toward me painfully. I got up and left immediately, and refused to pay the bill.
Grace has always been a strong believer in doing what is right. In her class she is trusted by all her classmates. Her teacher has nominated her to run for Class President Grace decides to talk to her parents regarding her decision. The next day Grace tells her teacher she will run for president.
Esther took her grandchildren to the mall to shop for their parents. She gave each of the children $20 to get something for mom, and dad. The oldest asked her for $20 more. Later the oldest told Esther the Ester was to get a gift for her. Esther was moved by her granddaughters kindness.
Megan wanted her friend to be happy. She had a guy in mind. She arranged a dinner. She didn't tell her friend. They hit it off.
I like passing notes in class. I try to make friends with people that sit nearby. Some people just ignore my notes. I stop writing notes for those people. The people that write back to me often become good friends of mine.
Diana loved her trading cards. She spent all of her money collecting more cards. One day, Diana met Tamora, who also enjoyed trading cards. Before, Diana thought she was the only girl who liked them. They soon became best friends.
Joan entered the confessional and kneeled. She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest. Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest. Joan felt relief as she left the confessional. Then she saw the old parish priest pull up in his car.
Christine went to the beach in the morning. She wanted to swim. She saw a kid playing too far from the beach in the sea. The big wave came. Christine jumped into the sea to save the life of kid.
Lisa was at the mall. And she was really thirsty. So she decided to stop at a coffee shop and get an iced mocha. But it was really bland and over filled with ice. Lisa decided not to go to coffee shops anymore.
I needed a new bag for my laptop. I was feeling rather upset however that I couldn't find my color. Finally I found one in black. I was thankful that I did. I ended up carrying around with me everywhere.
Yesterday I was working very hard at work. I was working so hard that I had lost track of time. I worked right through my lunch break. When I realized that, I was so hungry I couldn't work anymore. I asked my boss to take a break and he said yes.
Kacie wanted to approach her crush. She was nervous but decided to message him online. She spent forever deciding on the perfect message and then sent it. For hours after, she waited for a response. In the end, he never did respond back.
Chris notices that his glasses have become dirty. He decides to clean them. Chris cleans his glasses until they are clean. Now he can see much better. Chris is happy to have clean glasses.
An X-rated picture was showing in Marie's town. She and her friends imagined the movie's racy scenes. They decided to lie about their age to get tickets. The bored ticket seller didn't even bother to check. Minutes after the movie started, the girls ran out in disgust.
Kira, an autistic teenager, will graduate from high school next year. Her parents worried about her senior portraits since Kira is very shy. They realized bringing some things of particular interest would help. Kira brought her telescope and a star chart to include in the photos. The session was a success, as Kira looks very happy in the pictures.
Galvin was a big brother of an 8 year old girl. As a big brother he made sure to protect her from all bad things. He had found out his sister was getting bullied on the bus. He told his principal about the problem. The principal then punished the bully.
Tim went to the farm. He saw many animals. He loved the big pig in the mud. However the pig was scheduled to be killed for meat. Tim decided to adopt the pig for himself.
Brad needed to find a date to the prom. He asked just about every girl in school. One day a new girl came to his school. She was all alone and had no friends. Brad decided to ask her and she said yes!
Tom's first day at work was at hand as he boarded the bus. He arrived at the office and went to find the HR department. They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be. Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared. The rest of his first day turned out equally as uneventful.
Tim ran marathons. One day he tripped and fell. He broke some bones in his foot. The doctors weren't able to cure him properly. Tim stopped running marathons.
My boys have so much fun rollerblading, I decided to give it a try. My oldest son's roller blades fit me perfectly. The cul-d-sac in front of our house was a great place to practice. I fell and broke my wrist going up the driveway. To this day my kids won't let me rollerblade again.
Tom was in a fight with his girlfriend. He wanted to apologize but had no money. He saw some roses in a public bush and got some. Unfortunately he forgot to take the thorns completely off. Tom's girlfriend stuck herself and was even more upset.
I've always liked pumpkin. So when I saw pumpkin flavored Puffins cereal, I bought it. But when I tried it at home, I tasted no pumpkin. And there was too much sugar as well. I regret buying the cereal.
John taught his son how to work hard. Before he did that his son was so lazy. He took him out back to chop wood as a kid. This is what instilled the ethics. The boy made a lot for himself with this.
I never meant for this love to happen. He told himself as he walked aimlessly through the night. Memories flooding his brain, as he focused on the only thing he could. One foot in front of the other, and you'll reach your destination. I never meant for things to come undone, but so it goes.
Mark was at the doctor's office. His doctor had news for him. He informed him that he had cancer. Mark was so upset and he called his family. Luckily they supported him.
Adam threw a wild party. Things got really crazy. A coffee table got broken. He looked for a new one. He bought it online.
Grandma loved her gravy. She would make it all the time. During the holidays she would put extra care into it. But this year she ran out of a special ingredient. Nobody liked her gravy this year.
I had to refill my prescription meds today. I called the order in. My wife left at 1:30 to pick up the meds. It is now 3:30 and she is still out. She loves to shop.
Jon liked a girl. He decided to talk to her. Alas, when he tried to talk to her his mind went empty. He ended up staring creepily at the girl. The girl got scared and walked away.
Ted had been training for a 5 k. He hadn't been feeling well in the weeks before the race. Ted decided to drop out of the race. He was feeling better by the next month. He began to train for the next race.
Alice was not satisfied with her paycheck. She decided to go to talk to her boss. She prepared a nice speech about her hard work. Her boss listen to her very carefully. He agreed to pay her more.
This morning, Emmanuel couldn't get his hair to look good. He tried to comb it several different ways. Emmanuel didn't think that anything looked good. He decided that he was going to use hair gel. Emmanuel likes his new hairstyle even more than his usual one.
Daniel just got a new job. He was working on a big project with other workers. Daniel was in charge and wanted to reward his team. He booked a trip to China to meet with their clients. The whole team made a great impression on the clients.
Justin was in a fight at school. He had gotten punched in the face. When Justin got home, he realized his tooth was loose. Justin's tooth fell out. He had to go to the dentist for repairwork.
Tom joined the army when he was quite young. He thrived in the strict military conditions. He got injured on the frontline and was honourably discharged. When he came back to civilian life, he was very lost. Years later, he now helps war veterans get back into civilian life.
Gina was in the backseat of her dad's car alone. She was watching videos on her phone. She was more sleepy than she expected. She tried to fight sleep as her eyelids grew heavy. In the comfort of the car, and the warmth of the sun, she fell asleep.
Daniel carried cupcakes into school. It was his birthday and he was bringing treats. The class sang to him. Daniel got to sit in a special chair. It was a very special day!
The little bunny was new in the world. He was just trying to figure out his way. He hopped around looking for food. He played in the sun all day. The bunny was happy and had a fun time.
It was time to drive home from vacation. We packed up our stuff and got on the highway. Before long, the car made a horrible noise and stopped driving! The mechanic gave us the bad news. We ended up coming home in a rental car.
Henry was a hobby craftsman of small electronics. One day he decided to make a little helper robot. He designed it to carry small buckets and vacuum the floor. His design was bought by a large manufacturer one day. Henry lived a very wealthy life after that.
I came home from school. My mom asked me if I had a good day. At the same time, she noticed the tattoo on my leg. I tried to explain why I didn't tell her. She wasn't convinced and yelled at me.
My friend called and said to meet her at the library. When I got to the library she wasn't there. After an hour she arrived. She then told me a wonderful story. It was worth the wait.
Ed had a lot of missed calls on his cell phone. He checked his call log and didn't recognize the numbers. Ed downloaded an app to reveal who unknown callers are. He entered the unknown numbers into the app. The app revealed that the callers were scammers.
Cora wanted to get in shape, so she joined her school's track team. But she couldn't keep up with the other runners! Then her next door neighbor Brian offered to help her train. They began to run together in the morning before school. Cora got in shape, and she got a great boyfriend: Brian!
Kia turned eighteen and went to the shooting range with her dad. She was excited to shoot a rifle for the first time. Her dad cautioned that her aim might initially be poor. But he ended up surprised. Kia was a great shot right from the start!
Tina loved her mother's' baking, especially her brownies. Tina's mother told her not to eat sweets late at night. One night Tina couldn't sleep, came downstairs and found fresh brownies. Tina stood at the sink and ate the whole plate without realizing it. Next morning Tina's mom asked how the brownie platter got on the floor.
I wanted new glasses. I called and made an appointment. I got my eyes checked. I filled my prescription. I chose a pair of pretty pink frames.
My little brother can not control himself when he drinks. He tends to be drinking all day long every day. The people at the local bar are getting sick of the way he acts. Last night he was being very obnoxious. The bartender had enough and kicked him out for life.
Everyday my grandmother fed the deer by her house. They began to trust her and came to her porch each morning. One day the deer stopped showing up. Her sister and brother in-law showed up for dinner that night. They bragged about the deer they killed that morning in her driveway.
Samantha felt homesick after living abroad for several years. She decided to save some money and take a vacation. She didn't tell anyone that she was coming home for Christmas. Her family was surprised when she walked through the door. She felt relieved after the vacation.
Jeff was a brand new pizza delivery man. His company promised to deliver pizzas in 30 minutes or less. His very first delivery route was in an unfamiliar neighborhood. Jeff got extremely lost, but found the house after 33 minutes. His new job understood and gave him a second chance.
Turner was very bad at the violin. His only dream was to get good at it. He worked hard and practiced every day. Then one day, he played the song perfectly. His parents were very impressed.
Tom really liked to hike. He wanted to go hiking but needed to have a partner. Tom called Mike and asked if he wanted to go hiking. Mike answered with a resounding yes. Tom and Mike went hiking that afternoon.
Jennifer had worked hard all week. She really wanted to get away and relax. She called a friend, convincing him to go to the beach with her. It was a beautiful sunny, warm day. They had a fun day at the shore.
Charles woke up, got dressed and left for work. But there was a problem, his car was gone. He called the police and reported his car stolen. Later that afternoon, police called and said they found his car. A Hispanic man hot wired his car and was arrested for grand theft auto
Carlos wanted a burger. So he got some hamburger meat. Turned on his grill . Made his burger. It was delicious.
Johnny played sick to get out of going to school. After a few days, his mom took Johnny to the doctor. The waiting room was full of kids sick with the flu. After the check-up, Johnny decided to end the ruse. By the time they got home, he had a fever from the flu bug.
Harvey hadn't been feeling well. He hadn't been cleaning around the house. The house was a mess. It started to stink. Harvey paid a friend to help him clean.
The kids were learning about space. They saw pictures of the space station. It was amazing! They imagined what it would be like to travel on it. What an adventure it would be!
Gina reversed her car to the bottom of the icy hill. She drove quickly and steadily to get up the hill. She prayed there would be no cars at the intersection. She wanted to speed up the hill and onto the main street. If she stopped at the stop sign, she would be stuck again.
Ted headed to the orchard. He was excited to pick some apples. When he got there, the employee directed him to a field. Ted picked two buckets of apples. He paid and went home to bake a pie.
My friend lost weight. Her jeans didn't fit any more. She went to the store and got a new pair. She does not like to wear loose clothes. Tight clothes suit her well.
When I was younger I stayed at my uncle house. All of a sudden my uncle acted funny. He fell down on the ground with a pale look. I rushed to the telephone to call 911. Luckily everything turned out ok.
Justin was playing basketball at the park. He was suddenly distracted by a loud yell. A couple nearby was fighting loudly over something. Justin felt uncomfortable playing. He decided to leave and give the couple some privacy.
Francisco was taking money out of an atm. Guillermo saw Francisco's money. Guillermo went straight for it. Francisco new martial arts however. And so Guillermo got beaten up.
Terry and Albert had a long distance relationship. They talked on the phone every night. Eventually they ran out of things to say. They would just cover what they did each day and then hang up. They started skipping days in order to save up things to talk about.
Cris was a great looking guy. He had one real flaw that made him self conscious. He could not take a good photo. Every photo of himself made him look terrible. The way dating in the modern world worked made this a problem.
Jasmine and her friends went to the theater. The movie they wanted to see was sold out. They settled on an older movie that got bad reviews. It was terrible! They walked out halfway through and went out to dinner instead.
I played tennis with a couple people. I tried to hit two balls at once. I was on one side. The other two were on the other side. It was not as easy as it sounds.
Bob loved dressing up. He bought a new bowtie for his date. He dressed carefully and added the tie last. His date told him he looked snazzy. Bob was happy he'd put forth the effort.
I used to have pet gerbils. One day, they escaped from their cage. I looked all over my room, but could not find them. Then, I heard a scratching noise under my bed. I found both of them hiding there!
Nancy was driving with her instructor. They went on the highway and came off of the exit. The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into another car.
Harry and Lloyd had a big presentation to give at work. They needed to make a big impression, so they spent all week preparing. They day of the presentation, Harry and Lloyd were very confident. The clients came in and Harry and Lloyd presented their material. Their preparation was rewarded when everyone was very impressed.
I tried to play internet chess with my friend last night. It was only 8 pm. He refused to play, saying he was tired. I played other people on the net instead. It was fun, but not as fun as playing someone I knew.
Sean had ordered a pizza. He waited for an hour but the pizza never arrived. Finally, he decided to call the pizza place and check up on things. They told him that they couldn't find his address. He tried to help them, but they told him that he couldn't get a pizza.
I was in a hurry to make dinner. Salad was the first item on the menu. I started slicing cucumbers. I sliced my finger instead. We ordered pizza for dinner.
Tom was on vacation at the beach. He took along a metal detector. It started alerting him to something. Tom quickly checked to see if it was treasure. Unfortunately it was just another can.
Jeremy wants a new pair of shoes. He goes to the shoe store and talks to the owner. The owner tells him he makes all the shoes by hand. Jim orders a pair, the owner works hard but realizes he messed up. The owner made a mistake and decided to make Jim two pairs at no cost.
Mark and his friend didn't study for a test so they decided to cheat. They made small papers and put the answers on them. They hid them in their sleeves and pulled them out during the test. Eventually, the teacher caught on and took them to the dean. They failed the test and were both suspended for a week.
Stassi was excited to have a beach party with friends. She gathered her best friends together in her car for the drive. As soon as she was on the road, she forgot her sunglasses. Frantic, stassi raced home to go get the glasses. As soon as she got the glasses, she raced to the beach to go party.
John went for a walk to get some fresh air. He loved to walk in the woods. Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail. He didn't realize it until a biker almost hit him! John walked back home, feeling defeated.
Carl loved to hike. His favorite hiking spot was in the Smoky Mountains. Carl spotted a mountain lion while hiking the mountains. He was scared stiff and didn't move. The lion passed him by and Carl ran back to his camp.
Last month Barry got a new project car. He has been working on it constantly. Today he brought it in to show everyone. He even took me for a ride in it. He did a lot of work in a short period of time.
Tom's friends just had a baby. Tom was excited to see it. He was invited over one day for that very reason. Tom thought the baby was adorable. He got it a new toy as a gift.
One day, Maria decided to go out and buy a new phone! She went to the electronics store and picked out a nice looking one. She talked to the cashier and he gave her a little discount. Then, she took the phone home and opened up its box. Maria then booted up the device and was very happy.
Anita got some money for her birthday. Anita wanted to buy a pet. Anita went to the pet store. Anita purchased a parrot. Anita was very happy with her new parrot.
Ever since her mom was depressed, Katniss had to take care of her. Katniss had to make dinner tonight because her mom wouldn't get up. Katniss was mad, and wasn't paying attention to the oven. The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire! Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire.
Jana wanted to wrestle. But there was no girls' wrestling team at her school. She had to try out for the boys' team! She gave it her best effort. To her delight, she made the team!
Debbie loved her job helping students. But Charles was a student she could barely help. As an undergraduate the university gave Charles financial aid. But he graduated from college six years ago. Now he is in Debbie's office needing help, but he needs a career.
The kids decided to have a party. They had treats and games and decorations. The finish touch was confetti. They threw it everything and cheered. What a mess it made!
Sam was feeling really tired. He had worked all day. He watched some TV in order to relax from a busy day. His cat jumped onto the TV stand and shattered his TV. Afterwards, Sam picked up the broken pieces and threw them away.
Rhonda was having problems with roaches. She had to call an exterminator. Her house was fumigated. It took days for her to be able to move in again. The house still smells strange.
Krista wanted to make a nice meal for Nate. She went to the store and got pasta, tomatoes, garlic and chicken. She went home and made her famous pasta sauce. Nate came over and brought wine. Krista and Nate enjoyed a very nice dinner!
The woman that i met online seems to be a special person. We arranged our first meeting at my favorite restaurant. I arrived at the restaurant about fifteen minutes early. I immediately order dinner for two. When she arrived five kids were following her.
Riley was helping to cook Thanksgiving dinner. Suddenly, her mom asked her to come outside. The family was taking photos. Riley had to pose for photos for thirty minutes. Finally, she was able to go back to the food.
Jason wanted his ex girlfriend Lucy to meet his girlfriend Kim. He was afraid they wouldn't get along. However to his surprise, the girls really hit it off. Jason was thrilled. He was thankful there was peace.
Phil is cooking dinner. He goes to use the restroom while leaving the food. When he comes back the stove is on fire. He tries to put out the fire with a rag. He puts the fire out with the rag but gets burned in the process.
Candice was the class president. She wanted to have a 10 year class reunion. She created a Facebook event. She hired a country club. She hoped everyone would come.
Albert worked at an office that had a contest. They encouraged people to lose weight. The winner got a lot of good prizes. Albert worked hard and lost the most weight. Everyone was proud and glad he won.
Jim was at home watching tv. He saw a red light coming in from the window. He looked out the window. He saw a police car. Jim went back to watching tv.
Billy, a high schooler, really wanted a new car. Billy asked his parents if he could get one for his senior year. His parents told Billy that they would consider it. Billy woke up early for his first day of senior year. He went outside to find he had a new car!
Ella went out to her parents' cabin to light a campfire. She stoked the fire until it was a roaring blaze. Then she sat in front of it and contemplated the nature around her. It was peaceful and very relaxing. Ella had a great time enjoying the serenity of the campfire.
My little cousin wanted a spooky Halloween costume. He couldn't decide on what. Either a zombie or a ghost. I convinced him to do both. He wound up looking stupid instead.
Opal was reading cards at her birthday party. One came from her mom and dad. To her surprise she opened it and found one hundred dollars. She was so happy to have money for clothes and shoes. She thanked her parents profusely for the money.
I went to the phone store to purchase a phone. The representative gave me several recommendations. I asked for more information about the new iPhone. After he explained it to me, I took the phone to checkout. I ended up paying $200 dollars for the phone plus a case.
Tom was digging in his backyard. He noticed he hit something solid. Tom dug up a metal box. Inside of it were several artifacts. Tom sold it for thousands of dollars.
Jelly needed some extra spending money. So she decided to go and get a job. The mall was hiring so she head right over. When they saw her they were excited to meet her. They hired her on the spot.
Georgia was on a business trip to New Jersey. She was taking a training course and spent time networking. She met a few colleagues who invited her to drive into New York. That night, they all drove into the city and ate dinner. After the trip, Georgia continued to stay friends with the group.
George realized that his face was looking scruffy. He decided it was time for a good shave. He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream. He then used a razor to shave his face. George was happy to see that had a smooth face.
The stray dog looked dirty and thin. A rescue group approached her to help her. She ran away at first. Then they caught her and made her better. They gave her a haircut and she got a new home.
Beth is polish just like her entire family. That's all they have ever eaten is polish foods. Beth just moved out on her own and wanted to try something new. She had a cheeseburger for dinner for the first time in her life. She now loves cheeseburgers and can't wait to try more American foods.
Cameron was hosting the talk show. He was nervous but excited. He introduced the guests and talked to them about their projects. He was only scheduled to host for a week. He did such a good job they asked him to stay permanently.
Nick swung the bat hard. He hit the ball with a mighty smack. The ball flew three hundred feet. Nick scored a homerun. Nick celebrated with the team.
Cat was a graphic designer. She had just started freelancing. She decided to enter a tshirt design contest. She was nervous about her design. However, she was excited when her design was chosen.
Tony waited until his Mom wasn't looking. He thrust his hand deep into the cookie jar she'd hid from him. His hand wrapped around a huge chocolate chip cookie! Before he could pull it out, his Mom startled him from behind. She laughed at the sight, not mad at Tony at all.
I bought a 1969 Mercury Montego with a loose front seat. The seat was loose because the car's floor had rusted through. I removed the seat and repaired the floor with pieces of sheet metal. My repair held the seat firmly in place after I reinstalled it. The car then successfully passed the safety inspection.
Jason was a healthy young man. He worked at taco bell with his brothers. One day he got into a big fight with his brother Matt. He quit the Job on the spot. Jason never wanted to get a real job again.
John went swimming. He was bit by a jellyfish. His leg swelled up. John went to the hospital. The swelling was taken care of.
Anna was playing football in gym class. She ran to catch the ball. But it struck her in the nose, hard! Anna's nose ended up being broken! She had to wear a bandage for a month.
My father and I went to the grocery store. He took about an hour to get his shopping done. I finished before he did. I smoked a few cigarettes while I waited for him to finish. On the drive home I was irritated that I had had to wait.
The girl called her friend. It went to voicemail. The girl left a silly message. The friend heard the message. The friend laughed at the funny joke.
My nephew and I liked to rough house. One day he was tying his shoelaces. I hip checked him into the lobby wall. He broke the drywall, and we ran away. The next day we saw repairmen fixing the wall.
Bob sat around all day. And he thought he was useless. But he saw a lost dog outside of his house. And he decided to take care of him. Bob was happy to make a difference in dog's life.
Jane cooked her husband's favorite chicken dinner. He was late to get home. Eventually he called and said he already ate. Jane was upset and sad. She put the food in the refrigerator and went to sleep.
Charles had a job making sixteen dollars per hour when he moved in. But that company closed down and now he is on unemployment. His landlord is a Japanese senior citizen who lives in the house too. One day a letter from a prison inmate came for Charles. His landlord gave him the letter along with an eviction notice.
Tim noticed there was missing money from the register. He told his supervisors about it. They looked into it and figured it was his co-worker. The co-worker confessed and was fired. Tim was commended for helping out.
Jane was playing around at home. She didn't realize there was a marble. Jane stepped on it and slipped. She fell over and broke her arm. Jane wound up having to get a cast.
Chelsea had just landed her dream job. She was a travel agent! She helped her clients plan their vacations. She had ten clients the first week. She made a goal of doubling that next month.
Jen had taken her kids to the beach. She was lying on her beach towel relaxing. Her son ran by. He accidentally kicked dirt in her face. Jen yelled at her son.
Tom tried to get a new style haircut. It came out looking really bad. Tom was embarrassed by it. He started wearing a hat more often. Eventually it grew out and Tom stopped wearing the hat.
Some friends gathered together during Halloween for a party. They became bored and went to a haunted hayride in a corn maze. They became separated and lost their bearings. Some of them were able to exit the maze with no problems at all. They saw someone was missing and later found him dead in the maze.
Erica liked her friend Sue, but she was a bragger. She bet Erica that she could jump rope more times than Erica could. After 130 jumps Sue gave up. Erica kept going until she had jumped 150 times. Sue begrudgingly admitted that Erica was better at jump rope.
The man felt sad. He got something to make him feel better. It actually made him feel worse. He reached out for help. He was put into a mental hospital.
Carrie the 3-year-old found a pair of scissors on the kitchen counter. She cut chunks of her long hair off. Carrie's mom walked in and shrieked. Carrie's mom drove Carrie to the salon. Carrie got her first salon haircut.
Carl worked in a hospital. They had been very busy this night. Carl hadn't had a chance to eat. Carl decided to order pizza for some of the staff. Carl was extremely happy when the food arrived.
Tim forgot to put away his leftovers after dinner. And he noticed it in the morning. He didn't want to waste the food. But he became sick after eating it. Tim never forgot to put away leftovers again.
Juanita had never learned how to ride a bike as a child. Her friends told her that they would help her learn but she hesitated. Finally Juanita decided to learn how to ride a bike. She practiced every day until she was a bike riding expert. Juanita was so happy that she eventually learned to bike.
The pine cone fell to the ground. A squirrel gathered the nuts. It hid them away for the winter. Another squirrel noticed the nuts. He took the saved nuts.
Eric and Lisa wanted to get married in secret. They decided eloping was the best choice. Eric packed the car and they drove to Las Vegas. They found a little chapel and got married by Elvis. They were very happy and had a good life together.
Susie had lost her brother many years ago. She wanted to send a memory to him. Susie then decided she was going to light some candles. Her brother meant so much to her. When she was done she started to cry.
Anne was eight Year's old. She was so excited for her holy communion! She wore her lovely dress. Then she took her communion. She felt like such a mature young lady now!
Sally needed quarters. She had to fill a small tube for her school to give to charity. However they were out of quarters at home. So she searched her dad's wallet. And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube.
Jean was running late one morning. She had no time for breakfast before school. When she arrived at school, she went to the cafeteria. There, she saw that the workers had set out milk and cereal! Jean was so happy to find that her school served breakfast!
Commuting to work everyday is time consuming. Yesterday, Sally forgot to get gas before she left for work. Her car ran out of gas on the freeway. Her normal one hour ride to work became a three hour ordeal. Now Sally will always get gas the night before work.
It was Jane's birthday, but she was so depressed. She had moved to a new town, and had no one to celebrate with. Jane wondered if she had made a mistake moving away from her friends. She worried she wouldn't be able to make new friends. Her worries vanished when her new neighbors threw her a party!
Jim drove to the flea market for a special shoe sale. He bought 100 dollars for the occasion. When he entered the flea market, he noticed everything was 50% off. Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection. He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes.
Courtney needed surgery on her nose. She'd been in a car accident and injured it. When she woke up from surgery, they removed the bandages. She looked like Michael Jackson! Courtney was too horrified to leave the house after that.
Sasha and her best friend knew each other for Years. However, her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less. Sasha was very hurt. Sasha talked to her friend, and they discussed how Sasha was feeling. Sasha's friend made more of an effort to hang out with her.
Nannette did not understand English well. She hired Dave to help her with her English lessons. Dave asked Nannette for a raise to keep tutoring her. Nannette put up the window. Dave jumped out and never returned.
Samantha had terrible anxiety. Her friends made her go to a karaoke bar. So she chugged six shots to ease her nerves. She got up there and sang dancing queen. She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone.
I couldn't get the place clean alone. I had to go home and rest. When I got there, my husband arrived home from work early. He offered to go with me and help. Relieved, I took him with me and we cleaned up in no time.
Michelle's parent went out of town. She invited a lot of kids to school to come to her house for a party. The party was a lot of fun. Michelle's house suffered some damage. Michelle got in a lot of trouble when her parents returned.
Reno was a stray dog that had no wear to go. One day animal control took him to the shelter. Reno was scared and thought he would be alone forever. One day a family came and met Reno. They decided to adopt him and he now had a new family.
Lucy drank water from the tap. She did not feel good in the afternoon. She called an ambulance. They found out there were some bacteria in pipes in her house. Lucy needed to change all pipes.
My mom was freaking out since she couldn't find her phone anywhere. We looked around the house. We still wasn't able to find anything. As a result, I started to look in the unexpected places. I found the phone in the oven.
Emily was asleep in bed when a fire broke out from her lamp. She had just woken up when the fire spread to her arm. She screamed in pain and then dropped to the ground to roll. Luckily the fire was put out but not before leaving a bad burn. Emily had a lot of pain in her arm for months after.
I rode my bicycle to school. I locked it at the bicycle rack outside school. I went to class. When I came out, my bicycle was gone. I reported the theft to the police.
Amanda was very nauseous. She thought that she might have the flu. It was also possible that she was pregnant. She took a pregnancy. It was positive.
Lisa was really angry. So she decided to take a drive and listen to loud music. But someone cut into her lane without signaling. And Lisa only became angrier. Lisa decided to drive the person off the road and was never caught.
Sonia had a bad limp when she walked. She was very self-conscious and didn't want to look foolish. When she was late one day, she had to run. But because of her limp, she felt silly. She was reassured when her friend came over and helped her along.
Tom loved restoring old car. His favorite was given to him as a gift by his father. It was old and beat up. Tom worked on it for years. He finally finished it and won several awards.
Every Friday Saul went to the football game. Not to watch football, but to eat steak sandwiches. It was his favorite meal so he was willing to sit through sports. He had waited in line twenty minutes when they tell him they're out. He then had to sit through the whole game, starving and miserable.
It started out as a dark and gloomy, rainy day. I had to go to the store to grab some food for dinner. On the way I was passed by several ambulances. As I got closer to the store, I saw the ambulances were stopped. It was a horrible crash scene, and two people were dead.
Kelsey went with her friend to see a movie. Suddenly, her friend spotted some girls that she knew. Kelsey agreed to wait while her friend went to say hi. After while, Kelsey was suspicious that her friend wasn't coming back. Sure enough, Kelsey was abandoned.
From 2007 to 2008, I read Remembrance of Things Past. There were seven novels in the series. It took me several months of reading, as I had to work. After I read the last book I bought a dozen Madeleines and ate them. Madelines were featured in the book.
I was walking with my dog through the forest. He was nose down sniffing all of the new smells. Suddenly he stopped in his tracks to look at a small animal running. He barked like crazy until it was gone. Eventually I got him to stop so we finally continued down the path.
Sam was hungry. She looked out the window. A food truck was parked across the street. She went over there and got a burrito. She was no longer hungry.
Lucia and Tom are moving next week. Lucia wants to plan everything ahead. Tom refuses to start packing stuff. Lucia and Tom have an argue. Lucia decides to pack everything without Tom's help.
My son looked dubiously at the plastic pumpkin. He watched as the other special needs children played the game. He was hesitant when I lifted the pumpkin to the top of his head. All of a sudden it all clicked in. My son loves his first place ribbon.
Alicia wanted a tattoo. But her parents said no. So she decided to get it done by a friend. Her friend painted on a flower. But to her dismay she ended up getting infected and regretted it.
Jim wanted to have oatmeal for breakfast. But the weather was quickly getting hot. So Jim decided to not to the cook any oats. Instead he ate cold oats with milk and cinnamon. Jim was glad that he didn't make hot oatmeal.
Neil was visiting Japan. He knew his trip couldn't be complete without a visit to see geisha. So he went to a local tavern where geisha worked. He observed their beautiful makeup and elaborate hairdos. He was so tongue-tied, he could barely order his drink!
Benji is my bird. I adopted him yesterday, from the shelter. I taught him to climb on my finger. Then, I learned he would imitate my whistles. Today, I'm going to see if I can teach him to talk.
Tommy did not look like his parents at all. So he asked him if they were his real parents. His parents however told him that he was adopted. They gave him a picture book with the picture of his actual parents. Tommy was at last at peace and thankful.
There was a bully at Jack's school. One day Jack saw the bully waiting outside of his house. He was scared. It turned out that the bully just wanted to play. He and Jack became best friends.
Jane goes to an upscale store to find a belt. When she notices people following her she decides to leave. Security stops her and illegally searches her purse. Jane is outraged by the racial profiling and unlawful detainment. Jane successfully sues the store for 5 million dollars.
Mark and his wife wanted to try new drinks. Mark thought it would be a good idea to try a new beer. He came home with a new beer he saw in the market. His wife came home with a new brandy she saw in the market. They mixed the two drinks together a came up with a new drink.
Ty wanted to join a dance class. But she was too shy to go by herself. She asked her friends, but they weren't interested. Then Ty had a great idea. She went to the class with her little sister Susie instead!
Nancy made lunch for Randy with her George Foreman grill. She was on lunch break and didn't have time to clean up the mess. Randy went in there after to wash the dishes. He grabbed the grill without realizing it was still hot. He now has lines burned onto his palm and fingertips.
Marie was on her Twitter. She saw that her favorite band was performing in her state. She didn't know if she'd be able to afford the travel. Still, she wanted to go so she bought tickets. Luckily, she managed to go to the concert.
Etta wanted a bike to ride, but she knew her mom was broke. So she took matters into her own hands! For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers. Then she bought herself a big new bike. Now she rides her bike to deliver her papers!
A house caught on fire. The local firemen came to distinguish the flames. Several of them had to go inside to rescue a child. Jerry decided to get the child. Since the baby was abandoned, Jeff adopted him.
Jessica had just had her baby. He was a hefty baby and a lot of the stuff she had was too small. She decided to donate it to someone. She found a charity for young moms and brought it to them. They thanked her and she felt great.
Charles was hired as an intern for a new clothing line. His job was in the marketing department. His first assignment was to increase sales of their urban clothes. Charles had an idea and then he contacted Will Smith, a friend. Will wore the clothes in a festival and sales spiked!
Lisa was sitting outside. There was a fan blowing on her. Lisa was sitting too close to the fan. Her hair got caught in the fan. Lisa's husband had to turn the fan off.
Tina was supposed to clean her room. Or she wouldn't get a present. The next day her parents asked about her room. She told them she forgot. Her parents then said no present.
Sid and Jim were playing catch. Sid turned away to talk to his mother. Jim wasn't paying attention and threw Sid the ball anyway. The ball hit Sid in the head. The ball left a big bump on Sid's head.
Marsha wanted to be a cheerleader. After school she signed up to be one. They told her she need to audition to become one. She auditioned and it went well. They told her she passed and is now a cheerleader.
Sam worked nights and slept during the day. Sam met a girl but she worked during the day. Sam was too tired often to go to work at night. Sam asked to be switched to the day shift. Sam was no longer tired when he was with his girlfriend.
Amy was watching TV when she found a scary movie. She and her brother watched the whole film. They each pretend not to be afraid. When it was time to sleep Amy was scared to go into her room. She fell asleep hiding under her bed with a flashlight.
People considered Irving to be fancy. He produced a music magazine and also modeled in it. People advised him not to appear in his own magazine. At a car show, Irving was very popular and attractive to girls. Because he modeled in his own magazine, he couldn't promote it.
Alicia went on a road trip. They decided to take a pit stop. She got very scared however. She saw a bear. The bear looked at her, and Alicia immediately ran away.
Cody really liked a girl named Cassie when he was in 3rd grade. One day at recess he was racing with his friends near the school. As he was running he saw cassie out of the corner of his eye. Next second he knew he was lying on the ground from colliding with her. He thought it was awesome because now they could laugh about it.
Tom was dj at a friend's wedding. He had a music list they wanted him to play. Tom kept having guests ask for specific songs. He kept turning them down. Eventually Tom put a sign up telling them to stop.
Kia's class was doing a unit on the Old West. The dry, boring text was hard to get interested in. But then her teacher showed the class some old Western films. Those were very engaging. Soon Kia was studying her lessons with avid interest.
I was afraid of things that are not scary. My fear made my life hard. I couldn't leave my own house. My sister convinced me to see a doctor. I feel better now that I am medicated.
Dawn and Joyce went for a walk. It wasn't long till it started raining hard. They took off running to the house. They got so cold and wet. They had to change their clothes.
Kate was trying to invent a new style of hat. She read through books about the history of hats. She tried a few designs but they were already invented. Kate decided to combine two designs to make something new. When she finished, she took a picture and texted it to her friend.
Owen was exploring the beach with his dad. He liked the water and logs but it wasn't that great. Suddenly he spotted some cool little rock pools. His dad explained that they were tide pools with starfish inside. Owen was inspired by the creatures to learn more about the ocean.
Jona and Taylor wanted to pull a cool stunt. They decided they wanted to jump of the roof onto something. Jona suggested his trampoline. Right before they could jump, Jonah's dad came home. Jona and Taylor got in trouble.
Walter needed to clean a specific shirt. He put the shirt in the washing machine. The washing machine started to act up. Water started pouring out of the machine. Walter had to spend the day getting rid of the water.
Kenny is on his way home. He sees a group of homeless. He agrees to buy them all food. He takes them to the local KFC. He buys them all a big bucket of chicken.
Sam went to the casino and bet all his money on black. The ball landed in red and Sam lost all his money. Sam was glad that he lost it all at once. He spent the rest of his time walking around the casino. He told himself that he at least got exercise out of this bad luck.
Susy was charging her phone in her car. She went back in the house to get something. When she got back she saw the car was on fire. Apparently the phone caused it to light up. Susy was freaking out and immediately called 911.
Tina had been gone for awhile. No one had seen her face. But when she returned to school she looked different. Her nose was different. When people asked her if she got it done though she denied it.
My violin teacher makes me play scales. I think scales are boring. She tells me that they help me improve my technique. I am spending more time playing scales to make her happy. I still don't enjoy playing scales, though.
Charlie couldn't decide on a logo for his new business. He looked everywhere but nothing jumped out at him. One night he saw the silhouette of his son standing on his deck. He took a picture with his digital camera. That was the image he decided to use for his logo.
Eva and her friends wished they had an inflatable raft to take out. They lived near a wide creek and the raft would be such fun! But none of them could afford it, until Eva had an idea. She had everyone chip in money and they bought the raft together. Now Eva and her friends had a raft to take out on the creek any time!
Collin was in Las Vegas on vacation. He decided to go to one of the buffets. There was food as far as the eye could see. Collin covered his plate with food and then went back for more. He didn't need to eat for the rest of the day.
Carlin was taking her family out for an Easter egg hunt. They arrived at the place. Her kids were all excited. Then, they saw a sign saying that the hunt was cancelled. Apparently, snow had come in and made it impossible to set up.
Warren went to hunt with his grandfather. But as he didn't like the idea of killing animals, he made noises. His grandfather told him to stop as he was alerting the animals. But Warren would fall down or whistle. His grandfather sighed and never took him hunting again.
James had an appointment with his therapist. Because of scheduling difficulties he had missed several appointments. He felt uncomfortable opening up to her after the long break. The therapist suggested they play cards to break the ice. Playing the game helped James feel less anxious.
The class was very excited. They were going on a field trip today. The class was going to the zoo. They all had a wonderful time looking at the animals that day. The field trip was a big success.
Amber told calvin their marriage wasn't working. But as always calvin wasn't listening to her. Instead he was busy playing video games. She decided enough was enough. She went upstairs packed her bags and left calvin with his video games.
Travis had trouble saving money. There was always something he wanted to buy. He knew he needed to save money and put everything in savings. But one day, there was a massive sale at an electronics store. And he spent all of his money on a computer and video games.
Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook. She suggested the family go out to eat or order in. Adam did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead. He went to the kitchen and started cooking. He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included!
Jill was very careful applying sunscreen for her day at the beach. She put it everywhere the sun could reach. At least she thought she did! When she got home she realized she had missed the tops of her feet. They were so burned she couldn't wear shoes for three days!
Miranda was friends with a designer. She was happy about that. This was because she got free clothes. Miranda got to try on everything. It was all amazing.
Jerry was going to the mall. He was about ready to park. He then accidentally hit another car. He got nervous. He ran away.
Kennedy got into trouble at school. Her dad is very disappointed in her grades. She has been lying to him about her chemistry class. He grounds her and prevents her from using the car. Kennedy is saddened by this.
Shelly was getting a new boss at work. She and her coworkers were afraid. What if she was mean? But she turned out to be kinder than the old boss! All the employees loved their new boss!
Jim was excited to buy himself a new toy. He had 22 dollars and rode his bike to the toy store. Jim picked out a toy that cost 21 dollars and fifty cents. When he got to the register, they wanted 22 dollars and ten cents! Jim had forgotten about tax, luckily a nice man gave him a dime.
My girlfriend woke me up very early this past Saturday. I could tell she was very excited about something. She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride. About ten minutes later, we pulled into a Christmas tree lot. We picked out the perfect tree and are very excited for the holidays.
I went to my first music festival my freshman year of college. When I arrived, I wanted to hear Weezer play. I went to their section of the park and was enjoying myself. There was an overweight girl near me on her boyfriend's shoulders. She was drunk and all of a sudden she fell on me!
Carly had just called her kids in from playing outside. She noticed her daughter was scratching a lot. Upon closer inspection she realized her daughter had chicken pox. She gave the girl a nice bath. Then, she put some medicated lotion on her and hoped it would pass.
Anna was a tomboy. She wanted to play football. But her school only had a boy's team. Anna nerved herself up and tried out for the team anyways. She was happy to find that she had made the team!
My indoor cat always wants to go outside. I don't want to chase him when he runs from me. I bought him a leash. I thought we could go for walks together. When I put his leash on he sits down and refuses to move.
I took my family on a trip to New York City. We visited the Statue of Liberty. We went to Central Park. We saw a show on Broadway. We showed everyone lots of pictures when we got home.
Patsy was in charge of lining up people to work at a football game. She contacted the five groups that would be working. She gave them instructions on what time and where to check in. One group did not have enough people to work the game. Another group had to bring more to help out so that we had enough.
Lois hated math. She didn't have a hard time with it, she just hated it. In high-school she decided to be a math tutor. She figured it would help her get over her hate of it. She was wrong and quit within a month.
My shoes were very smelly. I put some powder in them to smell better. It worked for a little while. Soon they started to smell again. I bought new shoes that smelled better.
Julia's grandmother wanted some tea. Julia went to the kitchen and got a mug. She filled it with hot water. Then, she put a tea bag in the water. A few minutes later, it was ready for her grandmother.
Janice was craving ice cream. She went to the store and found the ice cream aisle. The store had twenty six different flavors of ice cream. Janice could not decide between mint and strawberry flavors. She ended up buying both.
The missionaries talked to people in the neighborhood. They spread the word of their gospel. The people in the neighborhood were already religious. They believed in a different religion. Many of the people in the neighborhood were rude to the missionaries.
I lost a shoe today, and needed a new one. I asked if Jim would like to accompany me to the mall. He obliged and we trekked down to main street. I found several shoes I liked, and finally bought a pair. I feel much better now that I have a new pair of shoes.
Tracy was punished. She decided to sneak out of her house. Tracy climbed out of the window. Her dog began to bark at her. Tracy's parents caught her leaving.
Roosevelt was a staunch conservative. He hated his name because it was of a Democrat president. Roosevelt changed his name to Reagan. As he got older, Reagan became more liberal. He regretted his name change.
Billy wanted to walk with his dog in the pet parade. When he put a leash on the dog, she tried to squirm out of it. Billy lined up with his dog still squirming on the leash. When the parade began, the pets and their owners marched. But Billy's dog turned and headed him in the opposite direction.
Kelly was going on a date with Ken. When they got to the restaurant and the food was terrible. Not to mention the service was not good. Ken was talking only about himself. The date was a flop.
Tom rarely drank coffee. He usually had decaf. One day he got some in a hurry. He didn't realize it was caffeinated. Tom was hyped up all day.
Kylie was excited to go to her monthly diet club meeting. She had exercised and eaten healthy all month. At the meeting, she eagerly waited her turn to be weighed. She stepped up to the scale 29th a smile on her face. Kylie found out that she had lost eleven pounds that month!
Baylee was a very curious little girl. One day her mom found a ladybug and showed it to Baylee. Baylee looked at the bug for a while, watching it walk around. Baylee then reached over and picked the ladybug up. She held it for a moment, then put the ladybug in her mouth.
Cal was doing the breakfast dishes. The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands. It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right. Cal carefully picked up the pieces of the plate. He cleaned up all the ceramic shards without cutting himself.
Dil's theatre troupe was performing Shakespeare plays outdoors. The troupe kept casting him in minor roles. One day, they finally cast him in a medium-sized role. It was the role of Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet. Dil acted it so well that his stature in the troupe grew.
Gary and his wife were expecting twins. Gary and his wife were going to find out the sex of the babies today. Gary was anxious, yet excited to hear the sex of the baby. At the sonogram, Gary found out they were having two daughters. Gary was filled with such joy that he would be a father of two girls.
Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard. For three years she succumbed to depression. But then she met a new man and began to enjoy life again. After a few years together they decided to have a baby. When her son was born, Kelly became truly happy once again.
I wanted to get some orange juice. I looked at the different options. I thought about getting a fruit juice cocktail instead. I ended up getting a strawberry banana orange juice. I drank it at home and loved it.
Pat always wanted to see the world. She told her parents, but they worried. They didn't see how she could earn a living by traveling. But then Pat became a tour guide in Asia. Her parents were so proud, they flew over for a tour!
Danny worked outside in the sweltering heat all day. He was looking forward to swimming later after work. He came home and changed clothes to go swimming. He got to the lake and the water was cool. Danny was glad he decided to go swimming after work that day.
Two days ago I dropped my laundry of at the laundromat to be cleaned. When I got there the person working was on break. I had to wait around for like twenty minutes. She finally showed up and unlocked the doors. I paid her and got my laundry like I wanted.
Betty was a special kind of girl, she was well liked. Everywhere she went people smiled and seemed to be happy. This is the effect she had on strangers, friends and family alike. Betty was aware that she was very liked, she never grew tired of it. She held on to her friends very close, for she knew how lucky she was.
Lina wanted to buy a car but her credit was not very good. She decided to try to get her credit in order. Her first step was ordering a credit report to track her debts. Next, she called to settle everything that she could afford. She had to wait a few months for her credit to adjust to buy her car.
Wesley didn't want to hire someone to decorate his home. He thought he could save money and do it himself. He figured while his wife was out of town he do it l. He would convince her he hired someone else to do it. His wife returned home furious after she saw how bad the house looks.
Jim was assigned to paint a picture. Jim started the piece with by painting a rainbow. He then added a beautiful sunset. Jim touched up everything at the end for perfection. Jim ended up having the best painting in the class.
I was doing a team assignment at work. I was in a group with 5 people. Everyone was working except for Fred. We all asked Fred why he wouldn't work. Fred felt awful and decided to contribute to the group.
It was time for the Holidazzle Christmas Parade downtown. Jane took her kids downtown to see the parade. They waved to all the people on the floats. The children cheered when the final float with Santa drove by. The kids thanked their mother and told her they had a great time.
The big buck came to view in the scope. He was a big healthy animal. I breathed out slow to steady my breathing. The crosshairs settled onto the deers shoulders slowly. Squeezing the trigger gently the rifle roared to life.
Martha wanted to go snowboarding. She got dressed in her winter clothing. She couldn't find her left glove. She searched everywhere in her house. She finally remembered she had left it in her car.
There was this mexican place by my house that had the best burritos. I used to go there three times a week. The best part was that it was open all night. A year ago they closed down for good. I guess I'll have to find a new burrito place.
Bill really wanted a new car. Bill shopped at the dealership near his house. Bill was sad that the model he wanted wasn't available in red. Bill went ahead and bought the white model. Bill's wife secretly had his new car painted red for him!
I was taking my girl out to dinner. We could not decide on a place to eat. I wanted to eat steak. She wanted to eat pasta. We decided to go to a buffet so we both were happy.
Harry has been invited to a party this weekend. He knows he wants to bring something, but can't decided what to bring. Finally he decides to make a fruit salad. He makes a delicious fruit salad with oranges, grapes, and apples. The other guests at the party love Harry's fruit salad.
Tom was a high school wrestler. Tom worked hard at practice everyday after school. Tom had excellent hygiene. Other kids did not and got ringworm. Tom never got ringworm and credited his great hygiene.
I sighed with frustration when Ann cancelled yet another appointment. I knew our coaching sessions were good for her when she chose to come. Listening to her stammered excuse, I got a sudden flash of insight. Acting on instinct, I asked her why she felt undeserving of success. As silence gave way to tears, I knew we'd finally exposed her barrier.
Doug was running for class president. He had made posters and talked to all his friends. Everyone in the school thought Doug would win the election. He was a popular student. Come election time Doug won by a landslide.
Finn was celebrating the holidays with his new girlfriend. They were both attached to family traditions. Neither could agree about how to do anything. Instead they decided to create their own traditions. They blended all of their favorite and enjoyed their own holiday.
My friends and I were talking about our favorite seasons. My friends all said they loved the summertime. They said it was because they got to go swimming. I told them that I liked the holiday season. We all agreed that during the holiday season everyone was more polite.
There was a guy named Zach who was good with the yoyo. One day, he decided to compete at the world contest. He practiced for hours every day. He went up on the world stage. Then he managed to win!
Maria went to pick up her food from the restaurant. She went in the restaurant and walked to the counter. She told the people at the restaurant that she had placed an order. The restaurant owners told her to wait for five minutes. Maria sat down and waited.
Cathy decided to major in music in college. She did well and graduated with honors. She could not find work in her field. She went back for a second degree in computer programming. She got a great job and lived very well.
Billy's dad took him to the carnival yesterday. His dad enjoyed playing the games and winning prizes for Billy. Billy liked going on the rides and all the junk food. Billy played a few games and won a goldfish. Billy loves pets and is still thinking of a name for his new fish.
Martha had two cats. Her cats were named Billy and Bobby. One day Billy ran away. Bobby disappeared shortly after. Later that night Bobby brought Billy home.
Bob needed a way to move his stuff. The only local place he could find was U-Haul. Bob was angry and sad at how horrid their prices were. Since they were the only place in town he had no choice. Bob rented their truck and regretted every moment of it.
Wanda was cleaning her house. She cleaned the kitchen. Then she started to clean her livingroom. She was dusting all of her furniture. While dustin she knocks over a really expensive vase her mom gave her.
my family was poor. if you wanted anything, you had to get it yourself. i wanted a car. i worked hard for two Year's. i saved enough to buy my own car.
It was a cold and brisk morning. Mike rushed to get to work on time. The roads were slippery as he was driving. He lost control of his car near an intersection. Luckily, his car was able to come to a slow stop safety.
Cade hates to clean his room. His mama says no TV until it's done. But Cade still refuses to clean his room. After a few hours his favorite show is about to come on. He decides he better hurry and clean his room so he can watch it.
Sheila loves her Australian home. However, she dreams of moving to Hollywood. She decided to vacation to Los Angeles. While there, she realized she did not like Hollywood. Now she plans to stay in Australia.
Our condo complex is next to another one. We have a large parking lot. Several people from the other complex parked on our lot. One day our board had those cars towed. A lot of people were unhappy that day.
Delia had a clothing store. Due to the economy, business slowed way down. She struggled to pay her rent. One day, she decided to close her store permanently. She was sad to see her business fail.
Joe hungered for power. He did anything and stepped on everyone to get to the top. As he was good at his job, it worked. He became very famous and had a lot of money. Now that he has power, Joe doesn't know what to do with his time.
Sammy was going outside to check the mail. While he was checking, he noticed his toddler outside. He had come outside through the open door. Sammy yelled for him to go inside. The toddler was upset, but he went in.
When I was ten my uncle invited me over to his house for a weekend. We played video games and watched movies the entire weekend. When I got back home I told my mom about how awesome a time I had. I told her about the violent movies we watched and games we played. My mom wound up giving my uncle a piece of her mind!
Stacy was using her laptop to do some work. Suddenly she knocked over a bottle of water onto the computer. It broke and nothing she did could fix it. She remembered her old clunky laptop and tried it out. It actually ended up working fairly well.
Alicia wasn't a very good cook, but wanted to make some food. Her boyfriend Edmund was visiting. They searched the cupboards for something easy to cook. The duo settled upon cooking Ramen Noodles. Edmund appreciated the efforts made by Alica.
My grandma worked on a farm when she was younger. She said she had trouble working and leaving the kids in the house. One day my mother and uncle managed to set fire to the curtains. My grandma saw them sitting inside, oblivious. She ran inside with buckets of water to put out the fire.
Jason realizes he hasn't had a shower in many weeks. He decides it is time to clean up. Jason has a long shower. Finally Jason is clean again. He decides never to go such a long time without showering.
Billy's new year's resolution was to lose some weight. He signed up for a gym membership. Billy went to the gym every day and lifted weights. He got stronger and stronger every day. After a month, he measured his weight and saw he lost 10 pounds.
Nancy and her friend were making their own Easter bonnets. They were going to wear them to the big parade. The put all kinds of colorful decorations on them. They even added some candy. Everyone commented on their Easter bonnets at the parade.
Nick didn't want to go to a Private School. I didn't agree with him. One day he wrote me a poem about Schools. It was so encouraging I allowed him to change. Today he loves his new School.
Rebecca was new in town. She went out to the bar to meet people. The first three people she tried to become friends with shunned her. The fourth invited her to an after party. She went to it and got a bunch of numbers to call.
John was at a bar. He met a drunk guy. The guy worked in the same field. He told John he would have a job for him. He forgot about it when sober.
A man went to dig a hole in his yard one day. A policeman rolled up and accosted him. He demanded to see a permit for the hole. The man thought it was a joke and laughed. The policeman grabbed the shovel and snapped it in two.
Ken sent his girlfriend to buy beer. He was specific about what he wanted. Ken's girlfriend returned with the wrong beer. Ken was upset. He went to returned it and get the right one.
Alex's girlfriend lived at the beach. She always bragged about her property. Alex had never seen her house though. When she finally brought Alex over he was shocked. Her house was a tent, she was homeless.
Charlie couldn't fall asleep without being read to. His mom read the same book to him every night! One night his mom tried to read him a new book. Charlie wasn't happy and wouldn't fall asleep to the new book. His mom gave up and read the right book, and Charlie was happy!
Ana wanted to be more eco-friendly. She decided her new car should be a hybrid Prius. She saved up until she could afford the eco-friendly car. Then she headed right to the dealership to buy it. Ana felt so good about her eco-friendliness!
Carter was walking through school when some kids approached him. He'd insulted their leader and they were out for revenge. Soon he was swarmed and forced to fight. Things got very violent and a few boys got hurt. Carter was suspended even though he was innocent.
Henry was walking to his last class for the day. Maria was walking in the other direction. She smiled at him when they were staring at each other. When Henry said hi, she tried to make him leave. Henry didn't notice since he was attracted to her.
Michael and his wife were happily married for 3 years. At the three year mark they decided they wanted to have a child. Michael began to pray that God would bless them with a child. After only a month his wife was expecting a baby girl! Their daughter is now three years old and going to be a big sister.
Tom's father was a soldier. Tom's father was fighting a war far away. Tom prayed every day for his father's safe return. One day, Tom saw several people walking to his house. They told him his father had died in the war.
Darryl had to buy some expensive car parts. His wife found him a great coupon. It was going to save him a hundred dollars. Darryl felt relieved that he would be saving so much money. He had already sunk too much money into his truck.
Jeff was going on an adventure. He was going to hike all the way across the mountain range. He loaded up his gear and started walking. He expected this would take him two weeks. Jeff was excited to see what he encountered.
Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet. He really loves the internet, and learns a lot from websites. So he decided he would make his own website. Mike's website ended up being a success! Now other people love the internet because of Mike's website.
John was a very fast runner. The Olympics were only a few months away. His coaches believed he could make the track team if he trained hard. He eventually made the Olympic team and was thrilled. Although he didn't win a medal, he was proud to represent his country.
Jane had to pick up her daughter Ali for fighting at school. Jane had a deadline for a project at work. Her boss was not very understanding. Jane was given only an hour extension for the project. It wasn't enough, but Jane knew she had to make it work.
Lance was out on a smoke break one night. He see's a woman being attacked in a dark parking lot. Lance runs over to help her. Lance beats her attackers off her. Lance saved this woman's life.
Nellie fell asleep on the sand at the beach. She dozed peacefully for a few hours. But when she woke, she panicked. She was covered head-to-toe in heavy wet sand! Nellie's little brother had buried her in sand while she slept!
Diane moved into a neighborhood where everyone kept to themselves. One day, Diane emptied the ashes from her fireplace. She put the ashes in a metal bucket and dumped them outside. An hour later, Diane heard a commotion outside. Diane's neighbors were putting out a fire started by embers.
Debra was out on a date with her boyfriend. The two were at their favorite place. Debra was enjoying her meal. Suddenly Debra's boyfriend phone rang. He came back and told Debra he was seeing her best friend and it's over.
Gina woke up hungry. She had eaten a large meal at lunch, but that was hours ago. Her mother and grandma weren't cooking today. Gina would have to fend for herself. She made a peanut butter sandwich and ate it with a handful of chips.
The fishing pole vanished into the water. A fish pulled it in. The pole was wrapped around a post. The man didn't want to waste a chance to catch a fish. He had to take a break from fishing.
Jenny wanted to lose weight. She started eating rice cakes for snacks. She hated them, but she was losing weight. She lost ten pounds and decided that was enough. She was never going to eat another rice cake!
A couple was picked up by the taxi. A taxi driver drove them to the middle of the woods. Suddenly, his car died. He went to see what was happening. The car sank into the mud.
I was lonely. So, I decided to join a soccer club. I made lots of friends at the club. Alas, I broke my leg and had to quit the club. I was lonely once more.
Sam hated going to the dentist. He felt uncomfortable and it always hurt. He tried to avoid appointments. He tried telling his parents he was too sick. They didn't believe him and sent him anyway.
Meredith hates horror movies. She watched one with her friends one Friday night. That night she was so scared that she could not sleep at all. She rolled out of bed early before sunrise to use the bathroom. It was on the bathroom toilet where she was finally able to sleep!
I drove my elderly dad to have dinner with family at a restaurant. I parked in the handicapped space so dad wouldn't struggle. After dinner, we decided that dad would leave with my brother. That meant I had to drive away from the restaurant alone. I felt like a jerk, waltzing over to my car in a handicapped space!
Tom worked long hours at his job. Tom always gave 100% at his work. Tom could barely keep his eyes open. Tom's eyelids felt like anvils. Tom fell asleep at work.
Eli didn't know how to tie his shoes. His mom tried many times to teach him. He just couldn't figure it out. Finally his little sister sat and taught him. Eli learned and now ties like a pro.
Sarah ordered fries from her favorite burger joint. The fries came hot and fresh. When she took bite she spit it out. The fries were way too salty. Sarah was able to get a full refund.
Tom had been married for years. One day he caught his wife cheating. Tom demanded a divorce. His wife fought him every step of the way. The entire process took almost two years.
There once was a mean old woman who lived all alone. The reason she was so mean is because she was lonely. One day, a nice old man came to her door. When she met the old man, all of her anger left her heart. The old woman and the old man became friends and lived happily.
Belinda wanted to hear some blues music. Belinda decided that the quickest way would be to turn on the radio. Belinda browsed through the stations to locate blues music. Belinda finally found a station that played blues music. Belinda was happy to find a station that played blues music.
Tom got up early and got ready for his day. He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best. He got in his car and drove to where his mom was. He walked in and was greeted by family and friends. He then approached the coffin and said his goodbye to his mom.
Gina posted explicit pictures on her social media webpages. Unfortunately, some hacker leaked the photos. Everyone in Gina's school received her picture. Since the principal received the photos, he called Gina to the office. She was suspended from the college.
Emily was scared and excited for her first day of school. She got up early, ate breakfast and got ready to go. Hey mom drove her to the school as soon as she was ready. Emily was scared so her mom walked her to class. Emily soon realized that she was fine and joined her classmates.
Randy's favorite wristwatch was broken. He took it to a clock repair. They told him they could not fix it. He went home sad. He hang them to the wall as decoration.
Anna took a sewing class in high school. Her friends mocked her. They called her anti-feminist. But then Anna realized something more important. She actually LOVED sewing!
Ted wanted to see the world. However, he did not know how he would go. He had no transportation. One day Ted found a large boat that was abandoned. Ted ended up seeing the world on the large boat.
Susie loved fried chicken. She had the best recipe. All of her friends loved it. They begged her for the recipe. But she insisted it was a secret.
Kim wanted to make Valentines for her class. She got construction paper, glue, and glitter. Kim stayed up all night making cards for everyone. At school, she passed out her Valentines. She smiled as she watched her friends enjoy their cards.
Emily was excited for her vacation in Paris. When she arrived, she loved the shops and cafes. She mingled with the locals and visited many tourist spots. Before she knew it, the vacation was over. Emily couldn't stop talking about it for a week.
I really liked my friend. I think she liked me too. I wanted to ask her out. But, I was scared she would say no. Indeed, I asked her out and she said no.
Julie decides to get a personal trainer to lose weight. She trains with her trainer for many months. However, Julie realizes that the trainer is very expensive. She decides to start training on her own. Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions.
Brad missed 8 of his last 10 shots during the match. The coach offered to sit him out for the rest of the game. However, he refused to shut down. The team ended up suffering since he continued to miss shots. Overall, they lost the game.
Tom was desperate for work. His uncle offered him a job doing construction work. Tom agreed reluctantly. The uncle rand a terrible business and underpaid him severely. Tom quit within a month after getting paid almost nothing.
Our building had a summer barbeque today. A caterer served grilled ribs, chicken, hot dogs and hamburgers. They also served pasta salad. We ate a lot of food and talked to neighbors. We will be having a light dinner.
The cop pulled over the woman for driving too fast. The woman asked the cop to let her go with a warning. The cop ignored her request. He issued her a large ticket. The woman flipped off the cop when he wasn't looking.
I was very tired while doing work. I decided to help myself wake up with coffee. I went to the kitchen and turned on the coffee maker. I put the coffee filter and grounds into the machine. I waited for a few minutes and drank a cup of coffee.
Chris was having trouble sleeping at night. He reflected on his life to determine the cause. He realized he was stressed out for several reasons. He began addressing those reasons aggressively. Chris resolved the issues and began sleeping well again.
Sam went to the pool. He was swimming with his friends. They played many games in the water. Then they took a break and ate. Sam had so much fun.
Lydia and Amy hadn't seen each other since high school. Lydia was in town, so they decided to have lunch. They hugged, and exchanged pleasantries. After that, they quickly ran out of things to say. They promised to keep in touch, but neither thought it was likely.
Ronald has been alone for most of his life. All of his friends have married someone. Ronald decides to try online dating in order to meet someone. However, after a year of online dating he is still alone. Ronald decides that he will always be alone.
I was on my way to a music festival. The traffic was at a standstill on the interstate. Traffic was at a normal speed. Then all of a sudden I had to slam on my brakes. I was only a few feet away from the next car.
Mia wanted to go sledding. She called up her friends. They said it sounded like fun! They all met at the hill in town. They spent the whole day sledding and laughing!
John got a puppy named Buddy for his birthday. Buddy got really sick one night after eating food from the trashcan. John stayed up all night with Buddy to make sure he is ok. The next day, John took Buddy to the vet to get a checkup. The vet said Buddy will be back to normal in a few days.
Joey loved to play softball. He realized that most boys played baseball. Joey had a love for the game ever since he was a young boy. Joey thought it was wrong a boy couldn't play with girls. Joey went to the league and demanded for equality to play!
Sean was not excited for his first day of kindergarten. When his mom dropped him off he cried and kicked. He then saw a kid playing with legos and went to join him. When his mom came Sean was having so much fun he didn't want to leave. The next day Sean was happier and went to play with his new friend.
An atheist woman and a christian woman met every week for tea. They liked to discuss the world and their vision of it. They often disagreed on many subjects. But when it came to helping others, they thought the same way. They always ended up giving one dollar to a homeless person after tea.
Jake wanted to do something good. He wanted to clean up the neighborhood. One day he took a bag and picked up trash. Others saw him do it. Eventually a few joined in as well.
Mary wanted to get a new tablet for reading books. She purchased one at her local electronics store. When she got home she turned on her tablet. The screen was cracked right in the middle. She took it back to the store and was able to get a new one.
John is thirsty and is picking a drink from the vending machine. He is searching his pockets for quarters. He comes up a quarter short. A stranger walks by gives him a quarter to buy his soda. He promises to pay the kindness forward.
Karen woke up this morning feeling sick. Unsure why, Karen took a pregnancy test. Five minutes later, she found out the results. She walks into the living room to call her husband. Karen tells her husband they are having a baby in 8 months.
Anna was very hungry. she decided to cook for her family. She made a large tasty meal. Her family loved Anna's cooking. Anna was no longer hungry!
Sarah was hungry. She wanted to make some hot dogs. She put two hot dogs in the microwave. They exploded and turned black from being microwaved for too long. Sarah had to clean up the mess in her microwave afterwards.
Terry was an avid videographer. He was determined to film his daughter's first word. He couldn't wait for her to say daddy for the first time! But when he finally filmed her speaking, all she said was 'No'! Terry decided to just delete that particular file.
A good amount of work all dropped at once. I emptied my queue to get some of it. By the time my queue was empty, the work was gone. I sat there annoyed that I had nothing now. It was turning into a frustrating day.
Kia went to play paintball with her dad. He made it sound like fun. But when they arrived, Kia got a shock. The paintballs hurt very badly! Kia quit the game right away!
Rosie woke up early. She was starved. She needed food. So she made some. She ate a whole platter.
I had to change my car oil. I decided to teach my son how to do it. I called my son into the garage. I showed him how to change the oil. I was glad to spend quality time with my son!
Jimmy was practicing football when he was knocked down. He did not think the blow was too hard until he tried to get up. When Jimmy tried to get up, he got dizzy. Jimmy was sent to the ER to have an examination. He had a concussion and was out the rest of the season.
She laid in bed, wide awake. She couldn't stop thinking about the space under the bed. She was terrified there was a monster under there. She rolled toward her husband, who was sleeping soundly. She started giggling when she realized how silly she was being.
Heather is braiding her hair. She started by combing her hair. Then, she began the braid. She fastened the braid with little elastic ties. Finally, she put some hair spray on it.
Sandra was worried about her finances. She'd learned that her income would slow down during the holidays. She had Christmas shopping looming and only a small amount saved. Sandra decided to cut her shopping budget down by half. Doing that, she was able to save some money for living expenses.
My niece was in an abusive relationship. Her boyfriend hit her and their three children. One day she called her mom Carla for help. Carla came and found them hiding in the closet. Luckily the police arrived and arrested the boyfriend.
Nell's parents were thrilled when they saw the results of her IQ test. They bragged to anyone who would listen about their child genius. Then, an envelope came from the company that administered the test. The letter said there was an error and Nell's score was much lower. Nell's parents quietly put the letter in the trash.
John loved Halloween and trick and treating. John was excited that he was now an adult handing the candy to kids. But John was nervous that he didn't have enough candy. Kids kept on coming and he was slowly running out of candy. The night ended and John was relieved to see he still had candy left.
Lewis was trying to play a trick on his sister. He waited until she was sleeping then he went outside. Lewis began to bang on her window and make noise. His sister was terrified. His parents saw him laughing and knew it was him.
Larry loved watching sports at sports bars. He decided to get a tray of wings and watch the season's first game. Larry showed up at the bar on the appropriate day. He was the only one there. He had used the last season's schedule, and was three days early.
Gary Johnson decided to run for president. He got the money to run the campaign. A lot of people liked his opinion. People decided to vote for him. He became the next president!
Linda was feeling so sick with sharp belly pains. She didn't know what was wrong. She went to the doctor finally to get checked out. He gave her many tests, and only one came out positive. The Doctor told Linda she is three months pregnant!
Karla wanted to play with her cat before dinner but couldn't find him. She looked under the couch but he wasn't there. The she checked behind her dresser but he was not there either. Karla went to the kitchen and started making the cat's dinner. Then the cat popped out of a cupboard and meowed for his food.
After Mindy reached menopause, she gained weight and slept poorly. She worried about bone loss, which is common in menopausal women. Mindy decided to hire a personal trainer and get more fit. This has been a superb decision on Mindy's part. She has lost the extra weight, feels better and enjoys the sessions.
On a museum tour one day John wandered off. He meandered his way toward an old set of armor. John was very curious and began to touch the armor. Suddenly his teacher called his name and John jumped. The helmet fell onto John's head causing the whole class to laugh.
Martha was scrolling through her Twitter feed. Suddenly she spotted an obscure looking video from her favorite band. She clicked on the link and discovered a new song. She was so excited about the new music and loved the song. She immediately started sharing the link on her personal accounts.
We went to NYC  in the summer of 2004. We walked across the Brooklyn Bridge. We had dinner at a deli that served big sandwiches. Finally we took a walk around Central Park. My daughter ended up living in NYC.
I got a new kitten yesterday. She was the cutest thing. I played with her all day. I ended up losing her this morning though. But then I found her in my yard.
Eric drove his knife into the deer. It tried to kick but it was on its last death throws. After it died, he prayed to the gods thanking them. He was happy to have the meat. He took it inside to smoke it later.
Jake went to make breakfast. He poured out all his cereal. When he went to pour milk nothing came out. He looked at it to see the problem. It was so old that a chunk had clogged it.
Every evening, Jackie ate cookies after dinner. Her favorite cookies were chocolate chip. One day, she accidentally bought cookies with raisins. She didn't enjoy the taste of those cookies at all. Jackie decided to give the raisin cookies to her neighbors.
Blake was mean. He always abused his kids. He acted like an animal. His wife had enough. When he tried to hit her she shot him to death.
Kate had washed the clothes for the house. This was a punishment for being bored. Her mother refolded half of the clothes she folded. Kate stood as her mother demonstrated the correct way to fold. After all this Kate was then forced to put the clothes away as well.
Jane was visiting New Orleans with her sorority. It was Mardi Gras and they were watching the parades. Suddenly, some boys asked if they wanted to ride on their float. The girls climbed on and got to ride in the parade. They got tons of beads and candy.
Jim was having a bad day. It started when he overslept and was late for work. His car broke down on the way home so he had to walk. When he got home, his wife told him she wanted a divorce. Jim went to bed early and hoped tomorrow was going to be better.
Marcellus claimed to have bought his son diapers. However, he actually forgot to stop at the store. When he got home the baby was out of diapers. After his wife yelled at him. Marcellus went to the store to get diapers.
Izzy has been going to dance for 4 months now. She goes twice a week. She has been practicing a lot. She was finally ready for the big recital. She danced her heart out on recital day.
I saved my money to buy and build my own doll house. I baby sat and did odd jobs for my neighbors. After several months I had finally saved about $200. I went to the hobby store and bought all my supplies. In about a week I shall have my project complete.
Andrew had been working out all day. He came into the house to get a drink. He grabbed the milk out of the ice box and took a sip. The milk had been expired. Andrew tasted the milk and spit it out into the sink.
Jan borrowed her sister's sweater without permission. All day at school, Jan tried to avoid her sister. She spent lunch period in the restroom to avoid being seen. Jan regretted wearing the sweater since she had to hide anyway. When Jan got home, her sister smiled when she saw the sweater.
I was at the top of a building. I decided to drop a ball from the edge. I wanted to calculate the terminal velocity of the ball. I used mechanical physics to carry out the calculation. My arithmetic was wrong so the ball traveled faster than I expected.
Anna's hiking boots had worn-out soles, and she needed boots ASAP. She was going on a twenty-mile hike with her dad tomorrow! Her brother had a pair only 1 size bigger. Gratefully, Anna wore them - but their size made them hard to move in. Anna tripped and sprained her ankle in the too-big boots!
Hector was stuck in heavy traffic after work. With nothing to do, he listened to music for an hour. When he could finally move his car, an accident happened. He had to listened to another hour of music. When he arrived home, he ate in silence.
Nell loved to read books, so she was referred to as the bookworm. As her friends began noticing boys, Nell stuck with her books. One day, Nell heard some boys joking about the bookworm. That afternoon, the teacher called on Nell to comment on a book. Remembering the earlier incident, Nell said she hadn't read it.
Tom had been playing piano for a long time. He had an important performance coming up. A college recruiter was going to be there. Tom played a very good set. The recruiter was impressed.
Abby was playing outside. She had a new sandbox. She used buckets and shovels in it. She dug in it for five hours. Her mom finally told her to come in and take a bath.
I was in a hot dog cooking contest at a family reunion. Nobody liked my hot dogs at all. Everyone liked uncle Jeb's hot dogs. I asked everyone why no one wanted my hot dogs. It turns out all of Uncle Jeb's hot dogs came with a 5 dollar bill.
Brandon came over one day last week. He parked his car out front of my house. When he went to leave, his car was gone. Then we determined he parked in front of a fire hydrant. His car was towed by the city because of where he parked.
Chuck was having trouble sleeping at night. HE went to the doctor to get some sleep tests done. The doctor told Chuck that he drinks too much coffee late at night. Chuck decided to stop having coffee after noon. All of a sudden Chuck started sleeping better.
Tessa worked on writing her own book for a school project. She submitted her book to the school's writing competition. Tessa won two young author awards for her book. She was amazed by her own abilities. Tessa went on to write three complete books that year.
I told her I could never trust her again. She didn't seem to be perturbed by the revelation. I argued that she had lied one too many times. She said I would trust her again someday. She did not put any effort into regaining my trust.
I heard that great Native American elders had a special knack. They could boil complex emotions down to a single softly spoken line. This line would be wisdom able to regenerate thoughts in listeners. I spent time pondering what my line of wisdom would be. I concluded that it was me that needed to listen and chill.
Daniel met a pretty girl named Sarah. He decided to talk to her. They talked for hours and hours. Daniel and Sarah both began to like each other. Daniel was glad that he made a new friend.
Mary and Cindy work together in the office. They are also best friends outside of work. One day Mary gets promoted to a job that Cindy secretly wanted. Cindy was a bit frustrated at first but she never told Mary. She didn't want to ruin a friendship so she made herself get over it.
Ben was training to be a great cook. There was a competition downtown that he was entered into. He perfected the dishes he was going to prepare. When it was time to compete, Ben got frazzled and burned all his food. He placed last in the competition and was very embarrassed.
Nashville is Robyn's favorite place to visit. She was raised on country music and loved it still. When there she always tried to go to the Ryman and 2nd Ave. One time she actually got up and sing at one of the watering holes! She eventually decided to relocate to Nashville.
James lost his wallet. He called up his friends. He realized he left his wallet in his friend's car. He drove to retrieve his wallet. He thanked his friend for finding his wallet.
The dog went to the kitchen for her snack. Something funny was in the bowl. It was not her regular dog biscuit. It was a whole ham bone. The dog ate it and was happy.
Fred and George were in their last year of school. They decided they did not want to finish their schooling. One day they caused quite a disturbance in the halls. The principal was very angry. Fred and George never returned to their school after that day.
Mark was driving home from work when a huge rock hit his windshield. He called his insurance company and they sent someone out. They fixed it for him in his driveway! He was able to drive to work the next day. He was relieved it hadn't been a hassle!
Janine was dangerously fat. All the kids at school made fun of Janine. So Janine decided to go on a diet. Everyday she counted her calories. Soon Janine was at a normal weight.
Anna heard a knock on her door one stormy night. She opened the door, but no one was there. She was creeped out at first. Then she saw that the wind was pushing a tree branch onto the door. That was the knocking sound she had heard!
Cathy wasn't feeling well after she left softball practice. At practice she began feeling dizzy and started seeing things. Later that evening, she told her parents what happened. Cathy's parents rushed her to the hospital. The Doctor assured them she wasn't delirious, that she needs glasses.
Tim was a very clumsy boy. Today, he was running downstairs while holding scissors. He tripped on the last step and fell. The scissors he was holding jabbed him in his leg. Tim cried as he looked at the blood coming out of the cut.
I went to the beach yesterday. When we sat down the water was pretty nice. Then all of the sudden we saw a shark. I screamed. I got out of the water immediately.
Amy recently had an interesting day. She took the subway to work like she does everyday. But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone! She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone. Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her!
Tim is an amateur astronomer. He bought a decent telescope. He loves spending time exploring space. He found a rare area that was yet discovered befor. It was a new planet he got to name.
Phil thought he was good at golf. So he challenged Tiger to a game at a nearby course. The game lasted all day, they were both very good. At the end of the day they finished with the same score. Phil realized he was good, but there are a lot of people just as good.
Eric was turning 4 and told his mom his birthday wish. Eric wished to be a fireman for his birthday! His mom pondered this impossibility, then brightened. She set up a tour of the local fire station with its kind firemen. Eric got to be a foreman on his birthday after all!
The family arrived at the airport with plenty of time. They waited patiently for their plane. It never arrived. The weather had delayed the flight. They missed their whole vacation because of it!
One of our favorite places to visit as a family is New York City. Once, we only had a day to visit, so we did a lot in a short time. We started out with a ride on the Staten Island Ferry. Then, we made our way all the way up to Central Park. By the time we had to leave, everyone was exhausted.
Bob bought a watch at a garage sale that did not work. He wore it all the time anyway because it was fancy. A man stopped him and asked for the time. Bob just guessed what the time was to save face. The man seemed suspicious but believed Bob.
Jason wanted a new pet. He decided a ferret would be a great option. Jason bought all the materials he needed. The first night home, the ferret ran all over and made lots of noise. Jason worried that he had made the wrong choice.
Kailey wanted a way to keep up with her daily thoughts. She browsed a nearby store. She came across lots of good ideas. She stopped when she came to an aisle that had diaries. Smiling, she picked up the perfect pink diary.
Miss Susie was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus. Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum. The kids were all very excited. They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art. The kids and Miss Susie got on the bus to go back to school.
Joshua had a huge argument with his parents at night. In order to break free from them, Joshua moved out. He managed to maintain his house for several months. When he started school, he started to build late payments. After getting kicked out of his house, he moved to his friend's house.
Liam moved to a new house. He wanted to get a huge king size bed for his new big bedroom. He looked at the furniture store. He found the perfect sleigh bed! He bought it and had it delivered that day.
Ellie told her mom she wanted to take a dance class. Her mom enrolled her in the class. Ellie decided that she didn't like taking dance. She wanted to quit. Her mom made her stay in the class for the whole session.
Kelly went to school. In English class, the teacher handed back tests. Kelly jumped for joy when she saw her grade. After class, she skipped down the hall. Kelly received detention because she was skipping.
Leah's car got a flat tire. She pulled over on the side of the highway. She got the jack out and lifted up her car. She was able to change the tire easily. She is so glad she took the time to learn to change her tire.
Jennifer was using her sister's laptop for a project. It wasn't long before she saw her sister's email logged in. She was tempted to look for something juicy. In the end, she decided to logout of the email without looking. Jennifer felt good about her decision.
Lucky was my first dog. I loved him so much. One day we left him outside. Someone stole him from our house. We never found him.
Sam was always afraid of guns. He thought they were loud and violent. His friends invited him to a shooting range. Sam reluctantly agreed. He wound up having more fun than he likes to admit.
On the 4th of July, Tycho entered a watermelon eating contest. He ate a lot of watermelon and came in second place. After the contest his mouth felt itchy and swollen. The next day the doctor explained he was allergic to watermelon. Tycho does not eat watermelon anymore.
Oozefest happens every May. They hose down a mud pit and tons of people play. Alumni come back to play in it. They even give prizes for best dressed team. It is something we look forward to each year.
Tim decided to hike the Pacific Crest trail to improve his health. He trained in the gym for months in preparation. He set out north in April of the year. The hike took five months. He lost 20 pounds and felt much more at peace with himself.
Mike talked to his friend at a party. The friend use a word that Mike was not sure the meaning of. He excused himself to the bathroom to secretly look it up. He took out his phone and searched online for a definition. He left the bathroom without flushing so his friend became suspicious.
Bill and Jim wanted to feel more in touch with nature. They decided to take a camping trip. They hiked to the top of a small mountain. They fished and built a fire to cook their catch. They both felt rejuvenated when they returned home.
Anna's parakeet escaped one day. She looked everywhere but feared it was gone. Then she heard a tiny peep. The sly bird was hiding up in the corner by the fan! Anna was relieved that it had not flown away.
I was offered the new job on Tuesday. To celebrate I decided to buy new clothes. Most importantly was a new suit It was mostly to wear to the job. Which was what made it possible in the first place.
Ike purchased a motorcycle and needed new insurance for it. His friends suggested he try out the agency they used. He was skeptical at first, since he'd never heard of them. He called their office and inquired about their plans. He was shocked to learn how cheap they were compared to his own.
Tanya had a big group of friends. She was really mean, so everyone was afraid of her. Her friends made sure she always got her way. If she got upset, she would make their lives difficult. Everyone tried to stay out of Tanya's way.
Tim and Bob were always fighting when they were younger. Their grandma told them about pillow fights. They decided to hit each other with soft pillows instead of fists. Their grandma thought she had done a good thing. Tim and Bob now had a safer way to hit each other.
Karl was getting ready for work. He didn't have enough time to make breakfast. Karl decided to just eat some cereal. He poured out the cereal before checking the milk. Unfortunately there wasn't enough milk for the cereal.
Layla always wanted to be a huge music star. She met up with a music producer, and had a sit down. He explained to her that she had to sign a contract in blood. She was so shocked, she ran out of the office. She kept her day job and performed at local gigs.
Wayne went to a party Friday night. As usual, he didn't bring his own beer. He started bumming beers from his friends. After a few, his friends turned on him. They told him they would give him no more beer until he brings his own.
Susan met a nice prince on the Internet. She wanted to help him claim his fortune. Susan had to keep scraping together money for her sweet prince. Sadly, she lost touch with him when she went broke. Susan still hopes her prince will find her again someday.
Little Danisha was very afraid of thunderstorms. She was curled in a ball in her bed. Her dog pushed the door open and laid with her. Danisha felt her dog shaking too. She realized that even though he was scared, he was soothing her.
Bob stood in front of the lectern and lectured. He talked about the might and glory of a deity. Bob's audience listened with rapt attention and swayed. After Bob was done, they all left, inspired. Bob had convinced more innocents to become suicide bombers.
Morgan had strong prospects in the UFC. His fighting style was largely based on boxing. When he fights wrestlers, he often struggles, but he's training hard. He knew that if he couldn't defend on the ground, he wouldn't go far. Morgan managed to defend well in his next fight against a wrestler.
The Smith family wanted to decide a place to go. They asked their kids. The kids said Disneyland. They bought tickets. They went to Disneyland.
Jack poured water into the pot. After it started to boil, he placed several pieces of pasta into it. He allowed it to heat for a half an hour. The pasta became hard as a rock after the water was removed from it. Jack had to throw it away.
Before my final exam, I went to a restaurant. The server gave me a large omelet. A random person approached the table. He stretched his arms around my desk to get the ketchup bottle. Although he interrupted me, he didn't say anything.
Shalynn cooked every night, but on Friday she decided not too. Shalynn called and ordered spaghetti from the Italian restaurant. Her husband stopped and picked it up on the way home from work. Shalynn sat at the table and ate her meal. Afterwards, she had time to watch television and relax.
Spencer had a test today. He thought he would study before class. One of his textbooks got lost. He tried to find it to study. He failed the test.
Bobby was a little boy, whose favourite toy was a bear. The bear's name was also Bobby, and he carried him everywhere. One day, he dropped Bobby in the park and a dog stole it. His mum didn't see this happen and they left without the bear. The next day, Bobby found his bear freshly washed, sat on the see-saw.
Meg hated her looks and thought she was ugly. She was the only girl in ninth grade without a boyfriend. She sober hours berating herself for looking terrible. Then a cute young guy asked her for a date! Right then and there, Meg knew she was good enough after all.
I bought a bag of jellybeans for Easter. I hid the candy in a high cabinet so my children wouldn't eat them. The next day I found the bag of jellybeans open on the counter. When questioned, my children denied having eaten any. Later, my husband admitted to eating the jellybeans.
A man thought it was getting dark. He decided it was time to close his window. He grabbed the blinds to close them. He shut the world outside. He was happy to have his privacy.
Harold's neighbor asked him to watch her cat while she was gone. He went over to her house one day and looked for the cat. The cat came running to Harold as he went to the kitchen to get food. When he went to the kitchen, he saw cat food everywhere. He called his neighbor and told her about the cat's mess.
Dan was glad to see the sun shining after the rain storm last night. Dan decided he would go outside and enjoy the sunny day. However, when Dan got outside, he knew he was going back inside. While it was a sunny day, it was a cold day as well. Dan was mad that he could not enjoy the sunny day like he planned.
John took a suit to the dry cleaners. When he went to pick it up they couldn't find it. They took days to realize it was gone. John was very upset over it. They had to pay for his suit and problems.
Kennedy wanted to volunteer during summer vacation. She loved the library. She found out they hired middle school volunteers. They offered her a summer internship! She loved working at the library all summer.
Kyle played soccer for school. He was a star player. While he was going for a goal, he miscalculated. Kyle landed on his back when he went to kick. He had to see the doctor and suffered from a concussion.
Carrie was a lonely child. She didn't have many friends and she kept to herself. One year for Christmas her grandfather bought her a dog. The dog became Carrie's constant companion. Carrie named her new friend Melody.
Amber knew she was sexy. She walked down the street and everyone turned their heads. Amber was so distracted by her looks she wasn't paying attention. She fell down a manhole. When she came to the surface, she was dirty and no longer sexy.
Tom and his fiance decided to write their own wedding vows. Tom was nervous about it. He spent a long time trying to find out what to say. When he actually said his vows his fiance wept. She thought it was perfectly beautiful.
Pamela wanted to enter the county fair pie contest. She practiced making pies with her best recipes. She decided to go with a peach pie for the contest. Pamela didn't win first place. She came in fourth place winning a new cooking pot.
Tim stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel. He only had one for his body and not his long hair. Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken. He sat in front of a fan to dry his hair. The fan worked very slowly but it worked.
Jake liked frosted flakes. He poured himself a bowl of the cereal. Then he filled it with milk. His doorbell rang and he left the table to answer it. When he came back his cat had eaten it all.
Nick and Lindsey were eighteen when they met. They moved in together. Lindsay got pregnant. Nick didn't want a child but agreed to be a father. They are now married and raising a beautiful son.
Bob set a thick slab of wood on his workbench. He took his electric saw and cut down the middle. Sawdust began to fly in every direction. Bob had to stop to clear away the dust. He put all the sawdust in his garbage can.
Sam and Wally were roommates in college. Sam hated scary movies. Wally loved horror movies and all things scary. Wally dressed as a killer for Halloween. Sam ran out of the dorms screaming in fear.
My brother had a baseball game last night. My family attended to cheer him on. The game was tied at the bottom of the ninth. My brother hit in the winning run! We all jumped and cheered.
Amy loved Sam from afar, and each day at school she thought of him. She began to skip little notes into his locker. When Sam caught her doing it, she was humiliated. But he told her that he'd only spied on her to ask her for a date! So she went from secret admirer to happy girlfriend.
Eva loved to dance. When she had a son, she hoped he would share her love. All his life, she taught him dance moves. As an adult, he told Eva he wanted to be a ballet dancer. Eva was so happy to have shared her passion with her son!
The man thought he was tough. He threatened another man. The other man accepted. The other man had a weapon. The man got shot.
My family saw on the news that a hurricane was going to hit our city. We were scared about being harmed by the storm. The whole family prepared for the storm and put boards on the windows. The hurricane came and even knocked down a tree in the front yard. We had a big mess to clean up but we were so glad that we were safe.
The Samson's adopted a puppy. They have been wanting one for a while now. The kids are very excited about it. I saw them tonight out walking the dog. I think I might want a puppy.
Steve really loved band in college. He played the French horn and wanted to be a band director. He studied very hard for four years. But at the end, he realized that he had to stand in front of people. As he wasn't a social person, his degree was now useless.
Todd liked pizza for dinner. He asked his mom if he could have it for today. She said yes but he had to make it. Todd made his first pizza that day. He was the only one to have pizza that night.
I finally reached into the front of the lines with my friends. The ticket vendor guided us to the front seat on the roller coaster. After everyone was seated, the roller coaster took off. It started to speed up until it reached to the peak of the tracks. I started to hang on tightly when it moved quickly after the large fall.
Charles liked his boss, Mick Brown, while working at Guitar Center. But Mick was an undercover cop! After Charles quit, he turned himself in for a traffic warrant. The court sentenced him to 2 weeks in The County Jail. Inside, Charles saw Mick Brown working as a prison guard.
Ashley wanted some pizza. She went to the store. She bought some Daiya brand pizza. Going back home, it started to rainy. Her car slid from the rainy and she died in the crash.
Lunch time had arrived and Lisa was starving. She hadn't bought any groceries for the week. Lisa searched through her cabinets and fridge. All she found was some bread, peanut butter and bananas. Lisa enjoyed a peanut butter and banana sandwich.
I was tired of working and ready for the weekend. I was daydreaming when I received an email from my manager. She asked whether I finished the slides. I was procrastinating and did not feel like working on them. Rather than answer, I started my weekend.
Fred took out his gun and pointed it at a target. Before he pulled the trigger something caught his eye. A yellow balloon rose off in the distance. Fred adjusted his arm towards the balloon. He fired off a round and the balloon popped!
Lily was playing with a ball in the house. She threw the ball up and failed to catch it. It bounced and knocked over her mom's vase, breaking it. Lily wrote her mom an apology note and tried to clean up the mess. When mom got home, she said it was ok since the vase was just junk.
Alicia wanted a new paper shredder. She finally picked one up. The first few times it worked. Yet afterwards it broke. Alicia had to buy a new one.
Tina went to the store to buy basil. The store was out basil. She decided to buy basil seeds instead. She planted the basil seeds in her garden. Tina now has an entire garden full of basil.
Tom and I went fishing at the creek. Tom brought a pole and I brought a net. I caught more fish than Tom. On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net. We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip.
My peer at work got a promotion that I wanted. I was extremely bitter at first because I worked hard for that. She told me that she thought I deserved to get promotion too. She then asked me to help her in her new role. I did and she praised my kindness to the boss.
I was walking my dog. I let go of the leash. I ran after her. I got a cut on my thigh from a branch. I still have the scar.
A large storm blew through town. The wind was so strong it uprooted a large maple tree. The tree fell over on the bridge into town. The bridge collapsed from the tree. Later an engineer determined that it could not be repaired at all.
Sheila was making dinner for her kids. She heard one of them make a loud noise. When she went to investigate, she found a huge mess. She was so mad and started to yell. Her kids got put on a time out while she calmed down.
Mike got a new bike for Christmas. Mike loved all his presents, but the bike was his favorite. He rode his bike everywhere. One day, he rode his bike to the convenience store for a snack. When he wasn't looking, someone stole his bike.
Anna was on a tour through Amish country. She admired their simple well-made homes and barns. Then she stopped at a small general store. She bought delicious baked goods and a lovely quilt. Anna decided Amish country was very beautiful!
I wanted to gather persimmons where the trees grow wild in the woods. My boyfriend had never tried a persimmon. I told him he would love them like I do! He tried an unripe persimmon and made a face. I told him he had the "persimmon pucker."
Marty needed to turn in a big project on Monday The deadline had been pushed over the weekend. A lot of students were struggling with it. He worked hard and tried his best. Unfortunately it wasn't enough and he got a bad grade.
Alec didn't like the fall. Every year tons of leaves would fall on his yard. It would be his job to rake them. This year was no exception. The only difference was that it keeps becoming easier as he grows.
Betsy could not sleep at night. She had a bad feeling. She went to the kitchen to grab some snack. She found out her kitchen was flooded. She had to call 911.
During a blackout I bought some candles. I set them up in my living room. The candles melted quickly. They  had melted all the way before I noticed. The candles went out and I was in darkness again.
Will was heading to meet his friend Steve. Steve was supposed to be with him but had caught a flu. When Will arrived at Steve's he was surprised to see him up and about. Will confronted Steve and realized that he was never sick. Will left and vowed never to speak to Steve again.
Today I went to the beach. I was feeling great at first, however then I started getting sick. My head was throbbing and I needed to leave. When I got home I took Motrin. Thankfully when I took it, I was cured.
Rick wanted to have someone to grow old with. He found women on internet dating sites. He fell in love with all of them so quickly. He also found fault in all of them very quickly! Looks like Rick will grow old alone.
Lucy's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary's house. When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye. He was furious. He questioned the boy who hit her with a ball, and his mother. He realized it was an accident and there was no one to blame.
It was Elizabeth's birthday. She had been looking forward to her chocolate cake all day. When it came time to eat, her mom brought a cake out. The cake turned out to be vanilla. Elizabeth was disappointed, but she still appreciated it.
Jake had to pay his credit card bill. He started looking for part-time jobs. He found work mowing his neighbor's lawn. Jake was able to make $100 in a day. Jake payed off his credit card with his extra income.
Andrea wanted to have a picnic. She invited James to a picnic in the park. James accepted the invitation. They ate tasty food in the beautiful, sunny park. They decided to have another picnic the very next weekend.
Last year I bought my son a nice pair of athletic sneakers. He didn't wear sneakers during the summer. That is why I was shocked when he showed me the soles falling off. I took them back to the store almost a year after I bought them. The store immediately replaced the sneakers with new ones.
Tracy and Hayden were dating for 18 months. They had a really good relationship and she loved him a lot. But one day out of the blue Hayden broke up with Tracy. She was very heartbroken and didn't understand why. Tracy was so heartbroken she hasn't dated in 3 years.
Flora calls her friend Melissa to play basketball. They decide to meet in Central Park. Flora is sure she will win. But Melissa has been practicing. Melissa beats Flora at basketball.
Louis had just moved to Texas. Unfortunately, he didn't realize he was allergic to cedar. When winter came, cedar pollen was released all over Texas. Therefore, Louis suffered from cedar allergies for three long months. Louis decided to move to a different state.
Uncle Tommy was the best uncle! He would take his nieces and nephews out for ice cream. Sometimes he would take them camping. He took five nephews on a fishing trip last week. They had a great time and made great memories.
Kevin was working in a factory. He had safety glasses that he wore while he worked. One day, a shard of glass broke off and hit the glasses. They had saved his eyesight! Kevin was sure he would continue to wear the safety glasses.
Kia's dad bought her a BB gun. She went outside to shoot at cans. But she had an accident and shot her own foot! She had to be taken to the emergency room. Kia wished she had been more careful.
Gustav was a homeless man. He also had the habit of smoking cigarettes. He really couldn't afford it but loved to smoke before sleeping. Finally Gustav bought some rolling papers so he could make his own. He was able to save a lot of money by using recycled tobacco.
Our pet dog was weighed at the vet yesterday. It's five pounds overweight. The veterinarian said if he continues to gain it will be unhealthy. We don't want to risk any health problems. We put him on a healthy diet immediately.
Mack and George knew each other since grade school. After high school they didn't see each other at all. Many years later Mack received a phone call. When Mack answered the phone, it was a telemarketer. George and Mack recognized each other's voices!
The wind blew over the trash can at night. Trash went all over the street. The man saw it in the morning. He thought the kids had spilled it. He yelled at the kids for spilling it.
I tried to make toast this morning. It never popped up. The bread started to burn in the toaster. I had to unplug it. Now I need to buy a new toaster.
Jordan was having a perfectly pleasant day at the beach. He was enjoying a chocolate ice cream cone. Then all of the sudden a seagull flew towards Jordan out of nowhere. The seagull grabbed Jordan's ice cream cone right out of his hand. The seagull incident really but a damper on Jordan's beach day.
Carol's brother and friends were playing nearby with pieces of rope. Suddenly, she felt a sharp sting on her barefoot. The boys had hit her with the rope. After telling her mom, the boys got into trouble. When Carol looked at her foot, she saw that it was really a bee sting.
The twins dressed the same. They went to school. The teacher couldn't tell them apart. She gave one of the twins a hat. One of the twins wore the hat for that year.
Britney swore she would sell the most cookies in her troop. She went door to door all over the city, selling cookies. She and her mother set up a stand in front of a grocery store. Britney sold hundreds of boxes of cookies. Her leader gave her a special patch for selling the most cookies.
Kelly wanted the new iPad. She knew they were selling out fast. She ran to the store to get one. Unfortunately it was all sold out. Kelly was so disappointed.
Jill started an extreme weight loss plan. But the strictness of it made her very stressed out. Eventually, she gave up and ate tons of junk food. Jill realized that stress was unhealthy too. So she started a diet that included food she enjoyed.
Jamal's family ate mac and cheese every night for dinner. He complained to his mom, but she said money was tight. Then she named a few local kids who were very thin. Jamal realized that those kids would love mac and cheese every night. His eyes opened, Jamal never complained again!
Bob lived two states away from his family. He left to go spend Christmas Eve with them. When he was halfway there, he realized he forgot all of the gifts. He turned around to get them but got caught in a snowstorm. Bob became snowed in and could not make it to his family.
Mable takes her afternoon break at 230pm. Her friends come visit her on the roof to smoke. Mable doesn't smoke though and wishes her friends would quit. They make fun of her when she pleads with them. Mable doesn't mention the smoking anymore.
I went to the grocery last sunday. I got some vegetables, fruits and some drinks. At the counter, i can't find my wallet. Customer's at my back stared at me and i felt ashamed. Luckily, I saw James and he paid for my stuff.
My neighbor Kim is a nanny. We live across the street from a pond. Yesterday Kim took her two charges across the street. She took them to gather raspberries. They gave me a handful an hour later.
Bob went to the convenience store by his house. He bought a scratch lottery ticket. He scratched and quickly realized he won the grand prize. He had a heart attack and died in the store. The store owner pocketed the ticket and called 911
Ben had a goal to be able to do one hundred sit ups. He currently can't  do more than sixty. Ben worked at it every week for a year. He also ate good foods to help his health. About a year later Ben did one hundred sit ups.
Mavis was proud of the flower garden in the front of her home. Neighbors, stopping to enjoy the sight, chatted with Mavis. But Mavis grew tired of kids trespassing in her garden. She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it. Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden.
Jack needed to go shopping. A sudden thunderstorm started. He ran from his car to the store doors. He ended up soaking wet. Now he keeps an umbrella in his car.
Jake fed his cat in the morning. Afterwards he let it outside. The cat roamed outside while he was at work. When he came home he found a dead bird on his driveway. Jake's cat had hunted a bird while he was gone.
My brother bought a fish. The fish was in a bag. My brother filled up the fishtank. The fish tank was full of water and rocks. He put the fish in its new home.
Jeff was addicted to coffee. He had three cups in the morning and two at night. One morning he dropped his grinder and broke it. Not having fresh grounds he ran to the store. The store was out so Jeff used his blender to grind his coffee.
Tom was at the carnival with his girlfriend. She really didn't like rides. Tom convinced her to go on one with him. She closed her eyes and yelled the entire time. Tom didn't ask her on another ride after that.
Abbey was arguing with her boyfriend. She stormed off to her room, assuming he wouldn't follow. Suddenly she heard a huge thud against the locked door. Then, the door cracked forward as the frame splintered. Abbey opened the door but it was too late and it was broken.
Tom was on a riverboat. It hit a rock and started sinking. Tom jumped into action. He helped several people get life preservers and onto lifeboats. Thanks to Tom nobody was seriously injured.
Ron loved playing sports. He celebrated a football victory with friends. While driving to the restaurant they were in an accident. Ron had to have both legs amputated. He never played sports again.
Greg wanted to learn how to play tennis. So he went shopping for a racquet. But he decided to buy the most expensive one he could find. And after a few weeks, he lost interest in tennis. Greg regret not buying a beginner's racquet.
Camping in the fall sounded like a good idea. Jen did not want to sleep on the cold ground. She brought an air mattress to sleep on. She was freezing all night and did not get any sleep. The air in the air mattress was colder than the ground.
I, owner of a company, announced the availability of company vehicles. Jared preferred a truck over the SUV I assigned him. Jared decided to simply take a truck without permission instead. Jared's co-worker was confused as to where his assigned vehicle went. I promptly reprimanded him for his pettiness.
Tony has a Siberian husky. It sheds fur everywhere. Last week, he finally vacuumed his place. It took him hours to get it done because of the fur. Now he vacuums every week.
Tabitha was walking her son through the town. She needed to get his stroller up a small set of steps. She tried lifting him carefully, but the stroller scraped the ground. She was upset to see that the stroller fabric had ripped open. Luckily she was able to sew it back up at home.
I had a philosophy class with my future husband. We both thought each other was cute, but were too shy to say so. One day, I dropped my pencil in an effort to strike up a conversation. He handed it to me wordlessly. We didn't speak again for another 4 years.
SARAH GOT INTO AN ACCIDENT ON NEW YEAR'S EVE. SHE SLID ON THE HIGHWAY AND HIT THE CAR NEXT TO HER. THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL. NO ONE WAS HURT BOTH CARS WERE TOTALLED.
I had just gotten a new job as a swim coach the day before. On the second day of practice, I decided to take a new way to work. While stopping, I noticed a man behind me who was not stopping. The man ran into the back of my car like I wasn't even there. No one was hurt but my bank account.
Harry's granddad bought him a set of drums for his birthday. Harry was eager to learn to play them. He pounded on the drums day in and day out. Harry's lived in an apartment with paper thin walls. Harry was arrested for disturbing the peace.
Jenny went to the backyard to look for her bike. She noticed someone moving the bike. As soon as the man passed the gate, he rode the bike. Jenny tried to chase him. Since the man was riding too fast, he managed to escape.
Tom was concerned about his online privacy. He read about the subject online, and wanted to protect himself. He realized his webcam was uncovered. He knew it would be easy for a hacker to watch him. He covered the webcam with duct tape.
Greg had just moved to a new school. He wanted to fit in so badly. He heard the school was having basketball try outs. Greg decided to give it a shot. Greg made the team and started to gain a lot of new friends.
Today I ordered a new silver coin. I am excited because it is the first coin in my collection. The coin should be here any day. The coin was minted the year my son was born. I intend to pass on this coin to my son.
Hannah's boyfriend had to move far away for a job. She missed him and talked to him on the phone every night. After growing more depressed, she realized she had to go to him. She found a job near him and they were able to move in together. Now Hannah is happy and not depressed anymore.
The classroom dark turned dim. People looked at each other. No one knew what happened. Someone said the lightbulb went out. Turns out it was true.
May awoke and went to the kitchen. There was a chicken bone and crumbs on the table. She knew it had to have been her granddaughter Lucy. May reprimanded the girl for being messy. Lucy lay in bed with her back to May the entire time.
My last flight I paid standard economy for my seat. However my flight ended up being delayed ten hours. Thankfully for the next flight they upgraded me to first class. The upgrade was free. I was very thrilled.
Jasmin got pregnant during her senior year of high school. She was very worried that her life would be ruined. She had her baby after graduation. She was still able to go to college to pursue her education. As soon as she graduated, she landed her dream job!
Mike was trying to open up a tee shirt shop. He put all of his heart, soul and time into the shop. At first things seemed promising. Before long though he had a huge lull in orders. Unfortunately his business was so bad he had to close up shop.
Mary was in the hospital giving birth to her first child. She was in the middle of contractions when the power went out. The emergency generators kicked on but the room was very dim. She was scared but the doctor was confident. In the end she delivered a beautiful baby boy.
Remy was always good at playing soccer. He played on teams in grade school and high school. His friend, Leo, also loved to play soccer, but he did not play well. Remy and Leo applied for a soccer scholarship at their local college. Remy was surprised when they both were awarded the scholarship.
Gundo Grumbo liked to make a good gumbo. He'd won dozens of medals for his gumbo. One day his recipe was stolen. The police were no use. Thus Grumbo took matters into his own hands.
Chris was anxious about starting a new school. He had been at the same school since kindergarten. He was now starting high school as the new kid. In first period, he made a new friend. Chris knew it would be a good year.
Vicky wants to be prom queen. She works very hard with getting her classmates votes. Vicky is sure she will win. She even buys an expensive prom dress. Vicky is only nominated for second place.
We found a big tin of foreign coins in the trash. I sold some of the coins on ebay. I made about $100. Some of the coins were American dollar coins. I gave the unsold coins to my teen aged niece.
Carol's roommates convinced her to let them pierce her ears. They put two ice cubes in front of and behind her earlobe to numb it. Nancy jabbed the sewing needle through Carol's numb ear. Carol fainted from the pain. They decided not to pierce her other ear.
Alana lost her car keys. She checked everywhere, but couldn't find them. Then she saw that she had locked them inside her car! Alana had to call roadside services to come unlock her doors. She vowed to be more careful with her keys in the future!
Tom was a bus driver. He noticed a passenger fell asleep. He decided to wake him up at the next stop. The passenger was very thankful. He had almost missed his stop had it not been for Tom.
I knew I needed sandpaper to start my project. I needed to sand down some furniture for painting. I went to the hardware store and looked at my choices. I was surprised to see so many types of sandpaper. I chose a fine grain, hoping for the best.
Our building had a summer bbq party today. The manager took photos of guests wearing hats. I wore a baseball cap and my wife wore a derby. The manager said our photos will be in a company newsletter. After the photo session we ate ribs and chicken.
Our Pastor has thyroid cancer. He has a very aggressive form of the disease. His tumors grew and made it so he couldn't swallow. He began radiation treatments. His tumors are shrinking!
Rachel was a barista at a coffee shop. She was sick of serving coffee to rude customers. She decided to go back to school and get a degree. Rachel enrolled in her state school for a finance degree. Now she likes her job and makes more money.
Mary gathered her coupons for a trip to the grocery store. She walked the aisles, carefully choosing items matching the coupons. Then, Mary wheeled her cart to the cashier. A line grew behind her as the cashier slowly rang up her sales. When Mary handed over the stack of coupons, the line groaned.
May wanted to burn more calories during her run. So she bought little pocket weights. She loaded them into her pockets before her run. The added weight helped her burn more calories. Soon May was burning extra calories and losing weight daily!
Mike was thirsty. And he had several bottles of water on his desk. Some of them were days old. But he didn't know which ones they were. Mike picked up a bottle at random and drank.
My gf cooked me some turkey. I was very excited for the turkey because it's my favorite. However, the turkey was overcooked. It was too crispy and didn't have any flavor. We decided to order Chinese.
Robert practiced for many Years on his guitar He started to get pretty good and decided to start a band He called up a few of his buddies and asked who was interested He found enough people to start a band They started practicing and playing together
Katie has never won first place in anything. She has always come in second. This time she wants to win first place for singing. Katie practiced on her vocals daily. She went on to win first place in the singing contest.
Karen was walking around her campus. All of a sudden she fell over. Her flip flop had snapped. Karen wasn't hurt but needed new flip flops. She bought a new pair that same day.
Evan, ten and timid, went to the theme park with his family. This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster! He was scared but determined. After the first breathless trip on the coaster, he laughed aloud. He had found his new favorite activity!
Amy was the only one of her friends to have a job in high school. When Christmas came she decided to buy her friends gifts. She spent most of a check getting thoughtful gifts. Everyone liked what she gave them. But since they had no jobs, she received nothing in return.
The family had been fishing all day. They wanted to eat their own seafood for dinner that night. They caught some snapper and a swordfish. They brought them home and broiled them. They couldn't wait to dig in!
Jack really enjoys eating pie. One day, he saw a flyer for a pie eating contest and decided to enter. Jack tried his best to win, but ended the contest in fourth place. He didn't mind much about losing. Jack was happy enough just to have eaten a lot of free pie.
James flew for the first time in his life. He was very scared. The plane experienced some turbulence. James panicked and started to scream. A flight attendant had to calm him down.
The workers had been fixing the building's dock for months. Sally couldn't understand what was taking so long. Everyday after work she checked the work they had done. Frustrated she decided to come home early and surprise them. She found them on the dock fishing.
In middle school I was part of the show choir. That year we would do a show based on disco music and the 50's. We practiced everyday and I really enjoyed being involved. Right before the performance I broke my arm. On opening night I was on stage dancing with my purple cast.
Dominic received a record he ordered from Amazon. Upon inspection, he saw it had bent corners. He called Amazon customer service. They sent him a new copy of the record. He sent the damaged record back to Amazon.
Nate began writing stories for a few cents. He wrote about tons of different things for the money. Then, he began to wonder why he was writing. Nate searched for an answer and realized why he was writing! He was just writing to help scientific research.
The official blew the whistle to start the race. Everyone started to run fast. Nancy had one person behind her. She decided to push her and the person ended up falling. The official disqualified her.
Andrew loved sandwiches. He ate one for lunch every day. He bought a big package of lunchmeat from the deli. He planned on eating a little each day. But he piled it all one the very first sandwich!
John was running for office. His friends endorsed him but kept saying mean things. John's friends were also running for office. John decided not to endorse them. They felt very betrayed by it.
Chuck was carrying boxes from one room to another. The curtain was lying across one box. Chuck didn't notice when he set another box on the curtain. When he carried the two boxes away and the curtain came down. Chuck was in big trouble with his wife.
Jody's grandma always gave practical gifts. The last gift she gave Jody was a patchwork quilt. Jody thanked her grandma, but wished she had gotten something else. When her grandma died, Jody started carrying the quilt around. Jody noticed the quilt patches looked like her grandma's dresses.
David is jogging. He sees a dog stuck on the train tracks. He rushes over to try and free it. A train is coming fast. David is hit by the train and killed.
Tina had been wearing shoes that felt too tight. Her feet kept hurting badly. So she decided to get new shoes. But she realized she was three sizes too small. Finally she got a better pair.
Ned had never visited a farm before. He stared open mouthed at the huge cow. He was very intimidated! But he worked up his nerve and reached out a hand to pet it. When the friendly cow licked his hand, And laughed.
Brian wanted a beard long enough to braid. He grew it out for two years. It wasn't long enough to braid. He decided to shave it off. Now he looks weird.
Nina needed to access her phone as quickly as possible. She was about to make an urgent call when something popped up. Suddenly dozens of apps began updating themselves. By the time the downloading stopped it was too late. Nina had to find a different phone to make her call.
Tom and Ted's mother explicitly warned them not to play indoors. The mother went out to the backyard. Tom and Ted started to play football in the house. The football ended up breaking a mirror in the hallway. The mother came back into the house and grounded the boys.
Lisa turned thirty-five last weekend. Her friends threw her surprise birthday party. Everyone that was close to Lisa attended. The party became a little too loud and police were called. Lisa will never forget this birthday party.
Kenny takes him family camping. Kenny builds a fire. Kenny sets up the tent. Kenny roasts marshmallows. Kenny has a great time camping.
The dog had gotten fleas. She began licking her legs like crazy. She sat and chewed on her paws. I took her to the vet. They gave her a pill to kill the fleas.
Lana wanted to eat pancakes for breakfast. But instead her mom made waffles. Lana complained and said she didn't want them. So her mom happily ate Lana's waffles. Lana's mom made pancakes the next day.
Bobby couldn't find his ball. He looked all over his house. He went into his backyard. He looked all around his yard. Bobby finally found it behind the shed.
Tiffany worked third shifts. She hardly went anywhere during the day. However, she decided to go to the mall to shop for clothes. Tiffany had forgotten how rude and nasty people could be. Tiffany decided to stick to shopping online from now on.
Gina had a crush on both Jamie and Josh. But they were cool and she wasn't. Gina called her friend Tami and asked her opinion. Tami felt she had a number of options and detailed them all. Gina and Tami talked about the boys all night long.
I think I am strange fruit. The reason is because I'm adopted. I was adopted at three months of age. I was adopted by the most amazing people. I will search for my ancestors one day.
Billy was excited to go to school today. He put on his favorite shirt. On the bus some girls started laughing. Billy realized there was a huge hole in the back of his shirt! Billy called his mom to bring him another one.
Since she was a small girl, Carol loved the cat she adopted. She raised it from a kitten, so she was upset when it ran away. She cried while wondering why her cat would leave. But eventually, she decided to try and find her cat. After hours of searching, she found the cat stuck in a tree.
Maria got dressed up for her friends birthday party. Before getting outside, she looked at the mirror. Once she saw her face, she immediately started to yell. Her mom checked on her, but she seemed sad. She was afraid of how she looked in the mirror.
Vanessa took off her ring and placed it on the dresser. She then went to take a shower in the hotel bathroom. When she was done she noticed that the ring was missing. Vanessa looked towards the door and saw it open. Vanessa picked up the phone and called the hotel lobby in panic.
Joe tries to impress his friends by smoking. He notices a girl and lights up a cigarette. She walks away because she hates the smell of tobacco. Joe buys nicotine patches to quit smoking. Joe talks to the girl again and gets her number.
Andy recently had a upcoming road trip to Atlanta. Andy's friend suggested he take I-75 for a faster route. However, Andy had heard too many horror stories about I-75. Andy decided he would take his normal route, as he felt it was safer. Andy knew he made the right decision about what route to take.
Sandy was an excellent swimmer. One day Sandy's brother fell in the pool. Sandy rushed to save him. Her brother was safe short after. Sandy's mom was very proud of her.
Jen went to the grocery store one afternoon. The store was very busy and crowded. Jen had a panic attack, and had to leave the store. She tried medication for her panic attacks, but they didn't help. Jen had to grocery shop late at night when the store wasn't busy.
Lucy was over Mary's house. She asked Mary's mom for a cookie. Mary's mother didn't believe in artificial sugar. Lucy was hungry and it was hours till dinner. Lucy was given peanut butter and celery for a snack.
Eliza and Tanner are getting married. He is Chinese and she is Spanish. They can't agree on the type of food to serve at the wedding. They hire a famous caterer who presents a brilliant idea. They decide to serve tapas and dim sum fusion cuisine.
A cardboard box fell out of the sky and onto Kyle's head. The box fell out of a window, three stories above him. Kyle was going to return the box but was bitter about the event. He opened the box to see what was inside. It was a helmet.
Chris and his friends were eating at a restaurant. Chris ordered a large steak that came with two sides. Chris wasn't able to eat all of his food. His waiter brought him a to go container. Chris ate the rest of his food the next day.
Martin worked for a company looking to expand their business scope. He had an excellent idea. Martin's idea would attract new clients. He pitched his proposal to his boss. Martin's boss loved the idea.
Paul was working in a fast food restaurant. One day, the health inspector came in. The restaurant was under several severe violations. The restaurant had to shut down for a few days. Paul ended up missing work and being behind on his bills.
I walked out to get the mail. There was a drop in the sidewalk. I forgot about it this time. I tripped in front of the mailman. He asked if I was ok, but I was just embarrassed.
Kevin is a stay at home dad. His wife makes a lot of money so he agreed to quit his job. He gets bored sometimes being at home all day with the baby. He decided to open up a daycare in his house for other babies as well. Before long Kevin would watch four kids at once and make money too!
Jo loved his smart phone very much. It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly. When it was raining, Jo dropped his phone in a puddle! It wouldn't turn on anymore, so Joe took it to the store. They had to give Jo a new phone, but luckily restored all his data.
One day, workers at a department store noticed strange happenings. Things were moving around the store at night. They didn't know what was going on. It turned out someone had been living in the store at night. They called the police and had him arrested.
John was writing an essay at the last minute. He finished just in time for class. When he went to print it wouldn't work. His printer had run out of ink. John had to use the school printers and was late for class.
Tom was trying to sleep on a weeknight. The neighbors upstairs kept making noise. They were playing loud videogames. Tom went up and asked them to turn it down. The neighbors apologized and obliged.
I opened the door to let the dog out. I didn't look before she went into the yard. A small kitten was standing beside the tree. She ran straight for the kitten. The kitten hissed and ran for the fence.
Maria taking a test in class. She was wearing a lot of bracelets. They were making a lot of noise as she took the test. Eventually another student couldn't take it anymore. He yelled at her to take the bracelets off during the test.
Gina and her friend were walking to their class. The bully who had been giving Gina trouble was in the hall as well. Gina walked past the bully as if she weren't there. But the bully and her friends began giggling. Gina decided to ignore them and keep walking.
Domino's was played in the house of the Smith's. They were very competitive towards each other. Becky won the first game, along with the 2nd and 3rd. She usually doesn't play so good, so the other wondered. They found out she was cheating and it was the last time she played.
Oliver was hosting a party for his friends. He was setting up for it in his house. He put out a bunch of food and played some music. Soon his guests started to show up. Overall, the party went really well.
Kate looked at the milk jug. The milk was expired. Kate drank some of the milk anyway. Kate started to feel bad. Kate was sick for the rest of the day.
Otis was a huge gambler. He decided to go to the casino. He played blackjack for several hours and won a lot of money. Before he left, he decided to play roulette. He bet all his winnings on black and lost everything.
Last week, Shannon worked eight days in a row. Shannon was exhausted. She complained about how tired she was. Mike felt bad for Shannon. Mike bought Shannon flowers.
Augusta loved to save money while shopping. She was not above stealing a few items if necessary. One day, she forgot to pay for a cucumber in her bag. And she thought how bad her behavior was becoming. She went back in the store and paid for it.
Kelly ran into the living room, frantically. As she entered, she accidentally bumped into the coffee table. The vase on the table crashed to the ground but broke in large pieces. Kelly quickly grabbed some glue and put the vase back together. She sat the repaired vase onto the table as if nothing happened.
I was at the pool. I saw a boy begin to drown. There wasn't a lifeguard. I decided to save the boy. I was known as the local hero for a few weeks!
Ethan and Joy wanted to carve a pumpkin for Halloween. Joy had wanted a special place to choose a pumpkin for carving. Ethan knew that the grocery store was not something she had in mind. He brought her to a pumpkin patch at the local church. Joy was almost in tears at how excited she was about the patch!
Lucy's grandma was going to teach her to sew. Lucy ran to the basement to get the sewing machine. The machine was heavier than it looked. Lucy wasn't able to lift the sewing machine alone. Lucy and her grandma worked together to bring it upstairs.
An airplane caught on fire. It crash landed on an island. A few people survived. They formed alliances. They eventually got rescued.
Randy loves to fix up houses and sell them for a profit. His real estate agent showed him a dilapidated house for sale. He bought the house at auction for half of its value. Randy spent eight weeks fixing up the house. He sold it for a huge profit and went on vacation with the money.
Mark wanted to have some fun this weekend. He made a list of what he wanted to do. On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike. Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity. He decided to take a hike because of his health.
My friend Ben was married for 71 years. The couple was hospitalized once when they were in their 80s. The both had to stay in the same hospital. Luckily both were discharged. Ben was so happy he wrote a poem about it.
Returning from a trip, Mark found his house had been burglarized. He called the police and a patrol officer came out. She was a beautiful woman in her late twenties. After she took the report, Mark asked her out. Years later, they would tell their kids about how they met.
My niece has two kids, 12 and 9. They are both withdrawn and aloof. Last weekend our two-year old granddaughter Sara visited from NY. Sara loved the two kids and played with them. They were very friendly to her as well, which was a surprise.
Tina had to house sit her friends' house while she was away. Tina thought it would be no big deal. But she ended up getting very scared. Tina realized she was not ready for it. She was so scared she kept the lights on all night.
Four friends took a trip to Europe. They flew from Kentucky to Brussels for 8 endless hours. While on the plane they all tried to sleep but never could. When they touched down they were so excited they couldn't sleep. All four of them stayed up for 36 hours but they loved every second.
Coy was playing in a championship baseball game. The other team was down to their last out. The batter hit the ball hard toward Coy's position. Coy ran back and caught the ball. The team celebrated their win.
Olive was reading a thriller book when she heard a noise outside. She jumped out of her couch and went to the door. She looked through the peephole but saw no one. She called out but no one answered. Reassured, she went back to her reading, feeling foolish.
Al rode his bike to the store for candy. At the store, Al left his bike outside for a long time. When Al came out, his bike was gone! Al looked up and down the street but didn't spot his bike. That night, Al cheered himself up by gorging on candy.
Because Shay lost her job, she was about to lose her home. A friend let her stay with him until she got back on her feet. It had been 6 months since she lost everything and was still jobless. Shay's friend was tired of her and gave her a week to move out. The next day Shay got a letter saying she inherited her aunt's estate.
Charles gets off work on friday. Charles is very tired of his work week, and would like to relax. He calls girlfriend, and invites her to dinner Saturday night. On Saturday he takes his girlfriend out to dinner. Charles is happy about his date and feels relaxed.
Jeff loved to go bowling. He spent most of his weekends at the bowling alley. Once, he was about to roll the ball when he heard his name. Surprised, his hand slipped. The bowling ball went straight into the gutter.
The kids loved reading. They bought a big stack of books. They read each one before the end of the week. They wanted more! Their mom took them to the library to get more things to read.
Tom was trying so save up money for a new computer game. He realized he had a bunch of coins in a large jug. Tom decided to count and roll up all the coins. It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins. He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game.
Thalia has been invited to play at her friend Janice's home. When Thalia arrives there, she is excited to see a trampoline. Thalia and Janice spend the whole afternoon on the trampoline. Thalia has so much fun that she asks her father if they can get one. Thalia would love to have a trampoline just like Janice has.
Sarah is playing in her front yard. She trips over something. She looks to see what it is. She digs it up. She finds a big chest with gold inside.
Collin really wanted a puppy. For his birthday his parents bought him a poodle puppy. Collin was super happy. He took the puppy on walks and played with him all the time. The two quickly became best friends.
Guillermo was practicing for a bike competition. However, before the competition it rained. Guillermo decided to ride. He slipped on the wet surface. As a result he couldn't compete.
Kyle was exploring. He found a cave in the woods. Kyle went deep into the cave with his lantern. A bat flew and hit him in the head! Kyle ran as fast as he could out of the cave.
Abby was nervous to get her science test back. She was afraid the grade was going to be terrible. Even though she studied, she still felt nervous. Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade. She sighed in relief.
Devin was afraid of the dark. Every night he had to sleep with a night light. One night the electricity went out. Devin was afraid without the night light. His parents let him sleep with them.
Dava arrived at the airport and checked her luggage. She went through the metal detector and it beeped. She was asked to step aside, and she was searched. Dava realized she had her keys in her pocket. She removed her keys, and walked through the detector with no trouble.
Last night I cooked hot dogs in the toaster. I put them in and forgot about them. However I then realized that there was smoke. I went to check on them. They were burnt to a crisp.
Carlos wanted to learn to skate. So he asked his brother to teach him to skate. His brother agreed and taught him. Carlos learned how to skate and liked it. Carlos became a good skater.
I really wanted a hamburger for lunch. I walked to the local diner. I ordered a hamburger and fries. When the burger came it looked delicious. I enjoyed eating my lunch.
Shelley found a beautiful rainbow shell on the beach. She decided she would take it home to show to her family. She walked into the house to hear an argument in the living room. She snuck by and showed it to her sister, and best friend. Her sister dropped the shell and likewise, Shelley was shattered.
Tom was at a house party. He started drinking. He kept drinking too much. Eventually he started making a scene. Tom was asked to leave party.
My friend bought some lamb. He couldn't eat it all so he gave it to me. I had never eaten lamb before. I tried a piece. It was foul so I gave it back to my friend.
Abby had the pleasure of visiting a local farm. At the farm, Abby saw various types of fruits. Abby was glad to see her favorite fruit, raspberries there. The farmer allowed Abby to pick a pint of raspberries to go home with. Abby could not wait to go home and put her fresh raspberries to use.
There was a old man whose name was Bob. He was walking down a street and found an unlikely penny. Bob keeps walking and trips over a man and fell onto a mirror. As he keeps walking, he walked under a ladder. Bob thought his life was going to be full of bad luck, but it wasn't.
There were a dozen of slugs on Terry's porch. He counted them himself, twelve slimy slugs. After he was done counting he ran inside to tell his mother. She handed him a can of salt and said it would make them leave. Now Terry's porch is covered in a dozen black shriveled dead slugs.
Timmy had a pet parrot. One day, he found that the parrot had died. He was overcome with emotion. He thought the grief he felt would never go away. After a little while, he gained control of his feelings.
Todd was excited about being on his junior high basketball team. He went to all of the practices. He paid attention to what the coach said. Unfortunately, the coach put Todd on the bench for most of the games. Todd eventually dropped from the team, mad that he never got to play.
Benny was competing with her brother in a video game. The match was intense. At the end of the day, my brother managed to win. Since I was so mad, I punched him. He was knocked unconscious.
Tim bought an expensive new drone. But he worried about losing it. Nevertheless, he had fun flying it around his neighborhood. But one windy day, it got stuck in a tree. Tim was embarrassed after the fire department had to retrieve it.
Seth is miserable in his marriage. He and his wife have been angry with each other for months. Seth decides it's time to end the marriage. He tells his wife it's over. Seth gets divorced from  his wife.
When me and my brother were younger we watched cartoons. Every weekend morning we woke up really early. We both really enjoyed the same cartoon so we watched that together. My mom was always unhappy with us, but it was okay. One day the cartoon stopped airing and we were both very sad.
Gene is an actor. He wants a role in a huge movie. He auditions for the part. He waits a few days. He finally gets the call the he got the role in the movie.
Bob the theater manager was expecting a big crowd at the show. He took out extra chairs from storage and placed them in the rear. When the show started he still needed more seating. The manager had to explain to the patrons that they had to stand. The patrons tried to find a spot on the wall to lean against.
Mark wasn't excited to be in the school play. He was playing the back end of the cow in Jack and the Beanstalk. He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression. He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto. Everyone laughed and Mark got rave reviews in the school paper.
Nya was Kenyan and had wild, curly hair. Her mom made her an appointment to get her hair braided. Nya was nervous but excited as she sat in the hairdresser chair. When the stylist finished, she gasped at her lovely reflection. Her braids were tight, smooth, and beautiful!
Henry placed Janet in a box in front of several audience members. When Janet was completely in, he cut half of the box. The audience freaked out and thought he killed her. However, Janet came out in one piece. The audience applauded.
Don didn't know a lot about music. He decided to go to a local piano concert. The pianist was terrible. The audience booed. Don didn't know any better and left the concert satisfied.
Eva wore a skirt to school. She did not realize which skirt she grabbed until she got to school. She was immediately sent to the office for dress code violation. Her skirt was too short. Eva was given detention.
I sent flowers to my mother who was in the hospital for surgery. The florist made an error which caused the flowers to be delayed. Because my mother was released early, the flowers went to her house. But, my mother's house caught fire the morning the florist came. As she watched her house burn, my mother held her flowers.
Yesterday I went out for ice cream. I ordered five scoops of it. I walked away and started liking it. Unfortunately the scoops fell to the ground. I was horrified that I had to get another one.
Robert had a job at the office. His boss had him do lots of work for him. Robert did the work very well for him. The next day Roberts boss rejected all of his work. Robert was none too pleased and wrote a short story about it.
Sally set out to be a great soccer referee. She learned the rules and signals at length. She got certified via a local class. At her first game, the sidelines and players behaved horribly. Sally was discouraged from ever refereeing again.
Victor was a retired soldier. One night, he told his grandson stories about his experiences. His grandson was in awe of his tales of battle. Victor could see that his stories were making him excited and anxious. He had trouble putting his grandson to bed later that night.
Kim usually carried pepper spray while walking to school. But one day she thought she was worrying too much and went without it. On her next walk to school, someone attacked her and stole her phone. Ever since, she carried pepper spray with her. But she never ended up having to use it.
John decided to always have at least $600 in his bank account. But he wanted to buy something. Afterwards, he decided he would always have at least $500. Eventually, his account balance became lower and lower. John was left with no money.
Grace was never very coordinated, especially when it came to sports. She struggled to even catch a ball. Once at a baseball game, Grace caught a foul ball. She was so proud of this that she kept the ball on the mantle. To this day, it is her proudest sporting achievement.
Tobias and Timothy loved to plays on their parents and friends. They were known as pranksters and people were often annoyed at them. One day they decided to prank the old man down the street. They hid in his house when they saw him leave for the night. When he got back they tried scaring him but he shot them instead.
I was walking my dog. My dog spotted another dog in the distance. My dog suddenly leaped forward. The leash snapped in half! My dog ran away and I lost him.
Harold was obsessed with fossils. He had fossil bedsheets, fossil placemats, and a fossil keychain. He visited a natural history museum. He tried to get a close look at some fossils. He stepped into an exhibit and was kicked out of the museum.
I forgot to turn my hit monitor on. I sat there for a long time wishing there was something to do. I finally realized I had forgotten. I turned it on quickly. I then saw that I had missed a really good batch.
Mary had a pet dog. She loved it a lot. One day, the dog got very sick. Mary immediately went to the vet. The vet was able to make the dog feel a lot better.
We met my aunt for lunch today. I have not seen this aunt for many years. I asked her how her youngest son was doing. She said that he broke off contact and they have not spoken in years. I felt awful that I had asked my aunt about her son.
Ben decided to take his girlfriend out to dinner. The restaurant he chose was quite fancy. Ben decided he needed to buy a suit. He didn't own a suit so he went to a men's store. Ben is now a proud owner of his first suit.
Tom decided to run for student body president. He worked with some friends on posters and buttons. He carefully came up with a list of changes he would make. At the election assembly, Tom gave a rousing speech. On election day, he was elected in a landslide.
Matthew was going to be starting fourth grade. He didn't know who his teacher would be. He was worried it might be someone mean. He learned that his favorite teacher was going to teach fourth grade. Matthew looked forward to his first day of school.
I needed to lose a few pounds for a upcoming marathon. Keeping track of all my exercise helped me track my progress. I also adjusted my food intake to maximize weight loss. Working out daily with more cardio for longer sessions for stamina. I lost enough weight in time for the marathon.
Kevin was having a birthday party. And he and his friends were playing in a bounce house. But Kevin noticed that it was running out of air. Everyone panicked and tried to run outside. But Kevin was the last one out.
Rachael always loved to throw parties. In the beginning of May, there are not always great opportunities. But she knew the Kentucky Derby was coming up. So she got the recipe for Mint Juleps. And invited everyone over to have a great party.
The entire group of teens clambered into the raft. They were going down the river, headed for white water. None of them had ever done this before, but they were excited. The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning. They had such an amazing time on the river that day.
Amy's dog stole candy from her. Later the dog looked sick. He walked into the living room and vomited. Her mother found the candy in the vomit. Amy was grounded because she lied to her mom.
Ted was Jane's 10 year old poodle. Jane got Ted when he was just a puppy. Ted crawled into Jane's lap and snuggled. Jane gave Ted a squeeze and hugged him. Ted responded by licking Jane's face.
After the halftime show of the 2013 Superbowl, the power went out. It only partially went out, but the game was halted for a half hour. Afterwards, people would ask the attendees if it was scary. It wasn't, but the halftime show had big fire effects moments before. You can't tell how hot a stadium full of people is on the TV, I guess.
Ben and his friends put red white and blue streamers on their bikes. They attached American flags to their handlebars. They proudly rode their bikes in the July 4th parade. They felt proud to be part of the event. Afterwards there were fireworks for all to watch.
Jake always loved watching other people skateboard. He decided that he wanted to learn how. He practiced at the skatepark every day after school. Finally he was a really good skater. Jake was proud of learning how to skate.
Cam wanted to shake up his daily routine. When he went to school he began to talk with a Scottish accent. His friend thought it was hilarious. The teacher told him to stop doing this act. Cam refused and claimed that this was his normal voice.
Tom and Grace had been engaged for four years. Grace had recently become concerned about some of their differences. She was afraid to be on her own, but she knew that it was time go. She talked to Tom and was surprised to discover that he felt the same. The two parted as lifelong friends.
My hamster was acting very strange this morning. I took him out of his cage. Then he bit me. I thought he might be hungry, so I gave him some lettuce. He ate it up quickly.
Bobby's mother called him for lunch. He ignored her because he was busy playing. Finally he realized he was very hungry. He sat at the table where a bowl of soup was sitting. His mother said since he was late he'd have to eat it cold.
I was walking to my class. I ran into a stranger who said hi to me. Since I didn't know who he was, I asked him for his name. He told me that he was in one of my high school classes. He was a janitor at the school.
Steven had returned from summer camp with a sun burn. He was watching TV when he noticed his sunburn peeling. He scratched at the loose white skin until it came off. Soon he was peeling all of the skin off. Before he knew it, he was free of all of the dead skin.
Jim thought he was a great football player. He challenged his friend John to a one on one game. John agreed and they both started practicing hard. After a hard-fought game, John won. Jim was ashamed with himself and no longer thought he was good.
We have always told my daughter to sir in her chair. Once, she decided to stand in her chair. She fell out and bumped her head. She says it really hurt. Now, we do not have to remind her to sit in her chair.
Sammy walked his pet dog to the park. On the way the dog broke of of the leash. The dog ran fast down the street. Sammy ran after the dog screaming. The chase ended with Sammy and the dog at the park.
Peter was very self-conscious about his diminutive height. Another Peter enrolled in his class. That Peter was very tall. Short Peter felt even more ostracized by the tall Peter. It didn't help that he called short Peter by the name Speck.
Abe was a great golfer. He would always get great scores. One day, Abe entered a tournament. He played really well. He ended up taking second place!
Kevin always wanted to ride in a hot-air balloon. When a friend asked Kevin to join him for a ride, Kevin accepted. Kevin was excited as the gondola lifted off of the ground. The swaying of the gondola under the balloon made him very airsick. After they landed, Kevin vowed to stick to the ground.
Oliver wrote his opinion on a news blog. Someone wrote a disagreement to his opinion on the blog. Oliver called the man insulting names. The man refused to reply to Oliver. Oliver assumed that he had won that argument.
Alex was going to be performing a concert. He was really nervous but tried his best. At first things went pretty well. Suddenly, there was an error and his sound cut out. Luckily, it didn't ruin the concert.
Nora hated everything about her nose. She visited a plastic surgeon to see about changing it. Nora planned to have her nose shaped like a pert button. Then, Nora went to her family reunion. On every smiling face, she saw a nose just like hers.
Brett wanted to dress as a character called Foxy for a contest. He researched ways to create a Foxy mask on the internet. He tried making a foam mask but the mask did not look authentic. He asked his mother for help so she gave him guidance on the project. Brett wore his Foxy costume for the contest and won a prize.
Doug waited until the last minute to do his art project. He was a pretty good drawer so he wasn't worried about it. That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed. The other kids had clearly put more work into their art. His teacher looked disappointed as she took it from him.
I went to the bathroom today and noticed the dog needed to be fed. After using the bathroom I went to the kitchen. I spent some time preparing his food. After preparing the food I fed him. He ate every single bit!
Lucy just took a loan out of her 401k at work. She needs some extra money to make some home repairs. She pays the loan back with a little money taken out monthly. There is no interest on it at all. Lucy feels like she made a good decision.
The family got together today. My mom prepared the Turkey and smoked ham in the oven. It was mostly cooked once everyone got around the table. The oven door wouldn't open all of a sudden. When dad broke it open, the food was burned.
Trey was playing at the park. He had played in the sandbox. Trey went home. He got sand all over the house. Trey's mother told him not to play in the sand again.
The man picked up a microphone. The microphone squealed. He turned the microphone off. He asked for a replacement microphone. The replacement did not squeal.
Gina had an interview at a bank. She went early to be sure she was on time. When she arrived the manager was busy doing something else. Gina graciously offered to wait. Gina waited in the cool lobby for the manager to come and get her.
Ben lived by the ocean. He did his best to eat as much seafood as possible. He decided to get a diving license to get more seafood. After getting the license, he went diving for seafood daily. Ben now eats lobster every night.
I decided to major in philosophy. When I graduated, I had trouble finding a job. I looked for a job for almost eleven months. I gave up and had to move in with my parents. I realized I should have majored in engineering.
Tim was a swimmer. He was taking lessons. Only problem was he wouldn't be moved up a level. He was so disappointed. He ended up quitting because of it.
Martin sat down at his piano. He began playing an original tune. Every now and then, he would stop to transcribe the chords. Martin continues playing. His sheet becomes flooded with notes and chords of many new songs.
Owen was sick. His doctor had given him antibiotics. Owen kept forgetting to take his medicine. Owen got sicker. He had to go to the doctor again.
They were trying to decide on baby names for the newborn. The little girl was asked what name she would like. She thought about it long and hard and said she decided. She then said the baby should be called Nemo. Everyone laughed and laughed but the baby wasn't called Nemo.
One by one, the lights went out as the thunder boomed. Julie watched this wave of darkness approach like a wave. The wave crested at her house as it was plunged into darkness. Julie knew what to do. She found her flashlight and her brother and she made shadow puppets.
Julia always worried about germs. She bought a very strong cleanser. She sprayed it all over the bathroom. Once the germs were killed, Julia wiped it down with a cloth. Julia felt like the bathroom was sparkling clean.
I cut the corner short and the cop behind me pulled me over. Then he started to write me a ticket. He noticed my registration was out of date. He just shook his head in disbelief and told me leave. I got home fifteen minutes after that and had been very lucky.
Leo was a student who loved science. He decided to enter the science fair. He performed his experiments and painstakingly recorded the results. The day of the science fair came, and the judges were very impressed. His hard work paid off.
One day debra was driving home from work. She decided to stop by a gas station. She decided to pick up some snacks and a lottery ticket. She goes home and goes to sleep. The next morning she wakes up and realizes she has won the jackpot!
There was a penny on the ground. My son went to pick it up. I told him not to get it. The penny was lying tails up. We left the penny right there.
Kevin is at a theme park. He goes on the big roller coaster. He is having a great time. The roller coaster goes upside down. Kevin falls out and injures himself badly.
Susan wanted to prepare a frozen dish. She took it out of the freezer. The food began to thaw. She then cooked it. She ate it for dinner.
It was a sunny day in the skatepark and Joe practiced his trick. He was trying to show off to the other kids. One of them asked Joe how he got so good. Joe didn't respond and skated away. The mystery made him more interesting to the other kids.
Little Shravan took his dog to play outside. It had been snowing for two days. Shravan and his dog rolled around the snow. They ran until they couldn't run any more. Shravan and his dog went inside to take a nap.
My professor assigned oral presentations of our thesis subjects. I didn't prepare because I spent all of my time writing my thesis. Panicked the night before, I ate raw chicken to make myself ill. The next morning I was so sick a doctor excused me from class. I was devastated when my professor rescheduled my presentation.
Today my roommate had a very busy day. I knew that she would get home late with no time to cook dinner. I decided to make her favorite meal for her. I left it in the oven so it would be warm when she arrived. She was so happy to come home to a home cooked meal.
Milton is playing a trivia game with his girlfriend. Milton is losing badly. Milton then began to cheat. Milton won the game by cheating. His girlfriend never knew he cheated to win.
My 98 year old friend's daughter drives him everywhere. Three weeks ago her car was totaled. She bought another car quickly so she could drive her dad. I praised her for taking care of her father so well. She said it was her honor.
Whitney and Megan met in high school. They did not like each other then. When they got to college, they joined the same sorority. They realized how they knew each other. They are still best friends to this day.
Scout wanted to make herself a new PC. She did a lot of planning and budgeting. Having it capable of gaming in high quality was important. Assembling the parts was a huge hassle. The machine ran great for many Years when she got it together.
Martha's dog would not stop barking. Martha tried everything. She gave her dog some treats. When that didn't work Martha put the dog in time out. The dog eventually stopped barking after an hour.
Brad and Jill took a trip to Alaska. They booked a sightseeing trip in order to see the mountains. On the day of their trip, it was too cloudy to see anything. The pilot cancelled the flight, and they took a train ride instead. Brad and Jill had a great view of the mountains on the train ride.
Sam was really into podcasts. He had a big collection of his favorite ones. He would listen to them often while at work. One day he lost his phone. It was the only place where he had saved the podcasts.
Bert Johnson was miles away from home when it started snowing. He sighed, knowing he'd have to stop his truck for the night. That's when he received a call from his wife, saying his son was sick. Bert knew there was nothing that could stop him from continuing. Bert made it home in record time.
I cooked dinner last night. I made some chicken with a sauce on top. I am not usually a good cook. This meal was good. I was so very proud of myself.
Jenny decided that she wanted to cut her hair. She woke up early one day and headed to the nearest salon. Once there, the owner asked her what sort of look she wanted. Jenny showed her a picture out of a magazine. After the owner was finished, Jenny marveled at her new hair.
Jessica went to Mexico. She didn't wear any sunscreen. She got a really bad sunburn. It really hurt and her skin peeled. She always makes sure she wears sunscreen now.
Natasha had looked for weeks to find the perfect gift for her sister. She couldn't find anything! Finally, the day before Christmas, she decided on a teapot. It was beautiful! Her sister was thrilled when she opened it.
My friend visited from Germany. It was extremely hot outside, but we decided to take a hike. The hike was only about 1 mile long, but it took forever. We almost didn't reach the top but pushed through. The view at the top was fantastic and was worth the trip.
I went to the bakery yesterday. I ordered a delicious pastry. It tasted amazing. I went and got another one. I loved it.
Simon had just lost a tooth that day. He was very proud and put it under his pillow. At night, he faked to be asleep to catch the tooth fairy. When he saw his mom slip money under his pillow, he smiled. So the mystery was solved: his mother was the tooth fairy!
Jake was always late to class. He talked a lot and refused to do his work. Jake was close to flunking out. His teacher gave him one last chance. Unfortunately Jake got there late that time too.
Rene needed to put in a new SIM card. She needed it for her phone. Unfortunately it was too hard. Finally an hour later she got it. She was relieved.
I first saw The Exorcism when I was in eighth grade. One day I was demonstrating to my mom how the girl behaved. As I was doing this, I fell backwards onto my hands. I went to the doctor a few days later to get my hand checked out. Turns out I had a fracture from doing a fake exorcism!
Today, I played five games of speed chess with Tim. We played on Facebook. I lost the first game, won the second, and tied the third. I lost the fourth game but managed to win the last one. The series concluded with a draw, 2-2-1.
Sandy liked to push around other girls during school. She pushed the wrong person one day. Sandra was a much bigger girl and took no prisoners. Sandy cowered in fear because no one ever stood up to her. Sandra was the winner of the one sided fight.
Suzy really wanted to go to the dance. She hadn't been asked yet though. She was waiting patiently. Finally  she was asked. Suzy got to go to the dance after all.
Bobby sold his company to a competitor. The competitor didn't pay. Bobby sued them. The legal fees were through the roof. Bobby had to drop the case.
Stacy has a science test tomorrow. She has been studying everyday. When she got to class, she was ready. The teacher decided to move the test. Stacy was more than irritated.
Grandma likes to play the slots at the casino. On Grandma's birthday we took her to gamble. We tried to get her to play the other games in the casino. She only wanted to play slots. Half hour later we heard Grandma screaming jackpot.
Johnny wanted to gain some confidence. His friend suggested martial arts classes. Years later Johnny became a black belt. Johnny became very confident. Johnny was fulfilled and happy with his hard earned confidence.
Gina wanted to keep a dog she found at the park. But her mother was afraid of dogs. Her mother saw the dog in the kitchen and screamed. The dog became startled and started jumping and barking loudly. Gina knew she was in a lot of trouble.
Anna at first felt that her baby shouldn't watch TV so early in life. Then her mom babysat her infant son, and Anna caught a few glimpses. The modern TV programs weren't like she remembered. They were actually educational, teaching counting, ABCs and morals! Anna decided TV was good for her baby after all.
Michael tried out for the track and field team. He wanted to do the mile run but came in last place. He had spent all his energy sprinting at the start and grew tired. The coach suggested Michael run a shorter race such as a sprint. Michael ran the hundred yard dash and came in first!
Sam was driving around town. He heard a squeaking sound coming from his car. It was his rear brakes. Sam drove to his mechanic to get his brakes replaced. He was able to get his car back good as new the next day.
Nev took his sieve down to the creek. He had just read about panning for gold in school. He wanted to try it for himself. He panned all afternoon at the creek. But to his dismay, he found no gold at all!
Tom was born with a genetic disorder. He has always been paralyzed from the waist down. Last month he was able to try a new experimental surgery. It was the first time tried on a person. It didn't work and he's still in a wheelchair.
Ben was playing basketball against his school's rivals. The game was tied, and almost over. Then Ben seized the ball and made the winning basket. Everyone broke into loud applause. Ben was so proud of himself!
Yesterday I was feeling the worst. When I got out of bed I felt terrible. I took my temperature and I had the flu. I then decided to stay home. Luckily the next few days I felt better.
Jim really liked Sally, so one day he asked her out. Sally agreed to go out with Jim, so they went on a date. For their first date, Sally and Jim went to a movie theater. Sally and Jim both hated the movie, though. Sally and Jim laughed and agreed to go on another date later.
Karen was flying a kite with her daughter. The winds started to pick up. One large gust jerked the kite hard. Karen's daughter fell to the floor. She wasn't hurt but Karen decided to go home.
Evelyn moved away to college on her own. She felt very homesick and missed her friends. Eventually, she decided to join a student organization. She met a lot of people and made a few friends. Evelyn didn't feel so homesick any more.
Growing up, Jason has always loved to watch wrestling. On the weekends he would wrestle with his friends and put on a show. When he and his friends were old enough, they went to shows near them. After a while they all decided to join and make a career out of it. Currently, Jason and two of his friends are pro wrestlers.
I stood on a street corner and waited to cross. On the other side of the street was my friend, also waiting. I waved at my friend but he did not notice me. A cab driver pulled up and thought I needed a ride. I told him to drive me to the other side of the street.
Rory was working at his job in a supermarket. It was raining outside and the roads began to flood. Rory wasn't able to return to his house. Rory and his co-workers spent the night in the safety of the store. He was able to get to his home the next day.
For years my wife was very sad. One morning she woke up and told me she was going to garden. She worked at the garden consistently all spring. By summer it was beautiful and full of flowers. She never seemed so sad after that.
My old basketball coach wanted us to go to camp in the summer. We would go there and they would help us with the basics. They would try and tell us we should hold the ball like it is a pizza. By holding it like that we would be in the right form. We had a lot of fun, and learned a lot of good habits.
She knew she couldn't do this anymore. She had given him everything inside of her. She sat down wearily, wanting to just give up. She decided she needed to tell him. She would end the relationship today.
John was driving to a new destination. He ended up getting lost. he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters. He got scared and drove away as fast as he could. He gets out of the area in the next 10 minutes.
Harold was clumsy. He tried ice skating but it didn't go well. He fell down and broke his leg. The ambulance came to help him. He got a cast and some crutches.
Tim wet his bed. He was really embarrassed in the morning. He tried to keep it a secret. His mom saw the sheets in the washing machine. Time fessed up and asked for help.
Tom lived in an old apartment. The wiring was old and dangerous. One day there was an electrical fires. It started in one of the walls. Tom barely made it out alive.
Megan heard a loud bang. She ran outside to investigate it. An old man was shooting cans with a pistol! She screamed at him to stop. He looked at her and laughed.
Ray won first place in his school's art contest. His landscape painting was hung in the art gallery. And everyone admired it. The next morning, Ray went to take his landscape painting home. But he found it on the ground and torn to pieces.
Eric was finally getting over being dumped by Tracy. Tonight he was meeting a new girl at a new restaurant in town. She looked good, and he wasn't thinking about Tracy at all. When Tracy appeared as their waitress, they both were shocked. He and his date left and went somewhere else.
David was walking home from school. And he passed by a car that was turned on with no on inside. He had a sudden impulse to steal the car. But at the last second, he decided not to. David ran away after seeing the owner exit his house.
Patrick decided to buy a chocolate bar from the store. The cashier took the bar and scanned it. Patrick handed a 2 dollar bill to him. However, the cashier found out that it was fake. As a result, he called the cops on Patrick.
It had been raining all morning. Mary's dog did not like getting wet. Mary needed to take the dog out to go pee. She tried to carry him outside, but he just ran back in. Mary decided to try again when the rain let up.
Tom had anger problems. His parents would try to calm him down. They finally sent him to anger management classes. He hated being there. In time though, he got much better.
We rushed around trying to get ready. We were already running late. We got to the park ten minutes later than scheduled. We apologized deeply to everyone. We enjoyed the activities despite causing a delay.
Matt was late for his football game. His brother was driving him. His brother decided to stop by to have a drink. Because he was in a hurry, Matt got really angry. Matt never made it to his football game.
Tina loved to go skiing. For Christmas she received a pair of brand new skis. All winter she waited for it to snow. But the weather was too warm for snow to fall. Tina never had the chance to use her new skis that winter.
Francis liked to pretend that he was a king. He would wear a crown around the house. One day, he misplaced his crown. At first, he felt lost without it. He soon realized how strange it was that he ever wore it at all.
The other day I went to buy makeup. I went to the Sephora makeup store. I was looking for a certain contour palette. I ended up finding my perfect palette and eyeliner. I bought the stuff.
I really wanted a part in the school play. I auditioned for a singing role. Unfortunately, I was instantly rejected. I still got a chance to be a part of the play. They let me open and close the curtains.
Lana and her family loved the great outdoors. Every month, they would make a point of going on an adventure. This month, they booked in for an obstacle course in the forest. When the day came, it was raining extremely hard. They were the only ones to turn up.
The robot swept the floor. The man realized his ring was missing. He looked inside the robot. He found his ring. He got his ring cleaned professionally.
Janice preheated the oven and put the taco shells in. Smoke began to rise from the top of the stove. Janice went to check on the shells and saw that they were on fire. She opened the oven and panicked. Her husband walked up with the fire extinguisher and put the fire out.
The old woman sat chatting with her grandson. She talked of things she never had the courage to do. She wondered how her life would be different had she done them. Her grandson looked at her thinking about what he wants to accomplish. One day he wants to wonder, what if he hadn't?
Alex and Tara went to see a Broadway show. It was their first time seeing one so they were so excited. During the show they had a great time. They talked about how great the show was afterwards. Alex and Tara decided to see another show on Broadway soon.
Glen had always wanted to take a train trip across the country. He saved his money until he finally had enough. Glen embarked on the journey by train. On his trip, he saw beautiful scenery. Glen was satisfied with his trip.
Gary was walking home from school. A police officer pulled him over. He saw a can of beer in his bag. Although Gary didn't drink it, the officer kicked him. He continued to beat up Gary while he was on the floor.
Will wanted to buy a new necktie. Will looked at the selection in his local men's apparel store. He boiled it down to a paisley tie and a striped tie. Will asked the clerk which one looked best, who suggested the striped. Will felt great when he bought the striped tie.
Bret was proud of his hair, but he started to bald very early. He met a great woman and they began dating. But Bret was ashamed of his receding hairline all the time. Then one day his girl told him how attractive she found bald men. That day, he shaved off all the rest of his hair!
A fat man went climbing into a cave. His friends told him not to go because it was dangerous. He went anyway, and got stuck down in the cave. He died because he was too fat to get out. His skeleton is still in the cave.
Johnny, 18 was attracted to Julie, 35. Julie thought Johnny was too young to approach her. But Johnny walked up to her at her job and asked her on a date. Julie accepted because Johnny had a luxury truck. They made love because Julie didn't fight her feelings.
Joy took a cruise in the eastern Caribbean last year. The cruise embarked in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The next day, the cruise visited the British Virgin Islands. After a day at sea, the cruise visited Saint Kitts. The last port was Saint Lucia, followed by another day at sea.
Sadie had just gotten off from work. It was a bit later than usual. She had to walk home in the dark that day. As she was walking, she heard someone behind her. Nervous, she ran the rest of the way.
Lee wished she could go on vacation, but had no extra money. She started a second job, to save money for a vacation. Her second month on the job, Lee won an award for best work. Lee was thrilled to learn the award gave a prize of a free vacation. Sadly, Lee could not take the vacation because she had to work.
Lisa decided to have a pizza party. She really wanted to invite all her friends. When her friends came they made the pizzas. Lisa's brother was hungry. She then gave her pizza to him.
It was Christmas Eve and everybody was asleep but Mom. Mom was busy trying to get last minute Christmas gifts packaged. She had just scored some last minute deals on some gifts. She was tired but determined to finish. She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family.
I saved some of my Halloween candy to give my sister for Christmas. It was very hard for me to restrain myself. Eventually, I could not hold back. I ate the candy, and filled the wrappers with toilet paper for bulk. My sister was excited at first, then cried when she saw what I did.
Arnold was scared of girls. Girls would terrify him. He thought they were secretly trying to kill him. One day a girl asked him for a pencil. He nearly fainted.
My mom came into my sister's bathroom. He noticed toilet paper on the ground and shirts on the ground. She started to yell and move things around. As soon as I heard her, I walked out of the house. Once her voice was turned down, I came back inside.
I was calling up a friend. I hated using the phone. I hated the phone because I hated my voice. I decided to just close my eyes and pretend I was talking in person. That made me feel very comfortable on the phone.
Warren was a corn farmer. He was on his way to the farmer's market to sell some corn. When he got there, no one else was selling corn. Warren ended up selling all of his corn for a hefty profit. Warren went home and had corn for dinner.
Allie decided to host a French student. The French student came for a few months. The girls became fast friends. Allie then decided she wanted to go to France to study. So when her friend went back to France, Allie joined her.
The motorcycle gave a big lurch. It was not enough to remove the bolt. I had gone to the store to get a wrench. I built a device to keep the wheel still. I had to replace a belt.
Tom left his back door open and his cat got out. When he realized she was gone he went out to look for her. He called and called for her but he couldn't find her. The next day he put up flyers with her picture on them. Later that evening a neighbor called to say she found the cat.
Don is having chronic pain in his side. So he goes to the doctor. The doctor diagnoses him with cancer. The doctor gives him 12 months to live. Don quits his job and cherishes every day that he has left.
I recently had blood drawn from my arm. It was not painful, it has happened before. They stuck a syringe in my arm. Blood slowly filtered through the tube into a big tube. The tube was then stored away with my number on it.
They stopped were stopped at the border by customs officials. Amy had hidden the stash in the well of her tire. Saul played it cool while the agents checked their ID's. After a cursory glance around the vehicle they were waved through. Amy let out a sharp breath as they drove off into the desert sunset.
The professor told us to began working on the lab. I was able to work with my lab partner successfully. However, me made a mistake in the procedure. As a result, we couldn't gather any results from the experiment. We also can out of time, and was forced to clean up the lab.
Sam had proposed to Nancy on the steps of their church. Neither was interested in unduly waiting. The wedding date was set for Fall, only a month away. Nancy wore a cream colored dress and laced veil. Sam lifted the veil, kissing her and thinking of the coming honeymoon.
Tia was doing poorly in science class. She did not want to fail. She knew she had to start studying a lot more. She devoted hours to studying science every night. In a few months, Tia's grade had risen to an A-!
Harry Ramrod drove his motorcycle every day. But, one day he got a flat. He called his mom. His mom told him to get a job. Harry cried on the sidewalk that day.
Brad loved to play with GI Joes. His favorite guy was Monkey Wrench. Brad's friend want to trade him a Monkey Wrench for 3 toys. Brad was excited to make the trade. After the trade was made Brad played for hours.
Liz needed to go to the grocery store. She had been drinking throughout the day. She was to drunk to drive but drove to the store anyway. While pushing the cart around the store she bumped a display. She made a huge mess and was asked not to come back.
Andy had a younger brother. His brother was too young too talk. Andy threw a toy at his brother. Andy lied and said he had nothing to do with it. Andy didn't get in trouble because his brother couldn't tell.
Nick has writer's block. He tries several ideas for a story. He finally likes an idea. He writes his idea. Nick is pleased with his results.
Joanna always wanted to be able to drive a manual car. She has never tried it before but was sure she didn't know how. She asked her dad if he could teach her one day. They went out to a vacant road and he spent the afternoon showing her. Now Joanna can drive a stick shift like a professional!
Crossing the bridge we realized beavers had made a dam there. We walked down to the river to inspect further. One beaver was swimming with a stick in his mouth. One was on the opposite shore sniffing around. We waited for them both to get in the water and we took a picture.
Ted was a university student. Ted was walking through campus and dropped a book. A kind stranger picked it up for him. They began talking. They exchanged information and became great friends.
Cindy wanted to improve her bad memory. She researched methods to train her mind online. She found a technique that she felt comfortable doing. For the next week, she practiced diligently. Soon after, she found her memory had improved tremendously.
The police were trying to catch a neighborhood thief. They decided to stake-out the entire area that night. They didn't catch the thief so decided to continue the stake-out. Four nights later they saw the thief. All the police officers rushed to grab the guy and they caught him.
Anna was diving with her friends. Then her air line snagged. Anna could not breathe! She hurried up to the surface. There, she untangled her line.
Grace had always wanted to play a game of shuffleboard. However, she was afraid it would be difficult. One day she played shuffleboard with some friends. She had a great time. Grace was happy to finally have tried shuffleboard.
Last week the new Kanye album came out. I was so excited to get my hands on a copy. I ran to every record store to take a look. Finally I was able to get it. I was lucky though because it was the last copy.
Laura wanted me to get her chicken nuggets. I wasn't sure what sauce she wanted but I know what she likes. I ordered the food but I wasn't completely sure what sauce still. I ended up getting her honey mustard. When I got home she told me that's what she wanted!
Kate's crush worked at the taco place. Her friends didn't want to eat there again. But she convinced them to go there for lunch today. This would be one of the last times. She knew she couldn't convince them to keep eating tacos forever.
Peter has recently been let go from his job. Peter doesn't know what he's going to do for money. So while sitting at his house one day he gets  call from his friend. He offers Peter  job selling pickles. Peter gladly accepts the offer and starts selling pickles.
Today IHOP was charging only $1 for a short stack of pancakes. My wife and I went this morning. The group next to us ordered breakfast. One man in the group ordered only one dish of pancakes. I think he was either cheap or not hungry.
Randall had always wanted to study science. When he attended college he decided to major in Biology. His classes were difficult but he studied hard. Finally he graduated with a degree. Randall was proud to have a science degree.
Bob wanted to move to Texas from Iowa. He decided to quit his job and pack his bags. When he got to Texas, he didn't realize that the job market was down. He struggled for nine months to find a job. Then, he gave up and went back to Iowa.
Troy had not seen his family in years. Troy had been living in another country. He longed to see his family. He bought a plane ticket. He visited his family on Thanksgiving.
Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks. He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.
Tammy loved to ride horses as a child. Her favorite horse to ride was Bongo. When Tammy grew up she left the farm and went to college. Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo. When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride.
Aaron ate a burger and fries earlier. He started feeling strange. He was currently in the car. He couldn't control it and excreted in his pants. They stopped at a MCdonalds and he finished it.
I signed up for an eating contest. I starved myself for two days before the contest. Alas, I became very sick due to the starvation. I had to eat a meal before the contest. Thus, I lost the contest because I had eaten beforehand.
My grandma loves sewing. She knows every stitch there is to know. I wanted her to exercise here knowledge a bit more. I decided to get her a book and video on cross stitching. For the last 2 weeks she has done nothing but that.
Joe works for a clothing company. For several months his volume in sales was declining. His manager worked with him on new sales techniques. Joe was open to new techniques. Joe improved his sales and eventually got promoted.
Tom ordered chicken with pasta at a local restaurant. The chef added a lot of jerk seasoning into the plate. Tom's stomach began to upset him when he ate. Eventually, the pain became unbearable. He went to the bathroom since he had diarrhea.
Our air conditioner broke right at the beginning of summer. We called the repairman to come and take a look at it. He found a leak in one of the hoses. He fixed the leak and added refrigerant. We were so relieved to have a cool house again.
I am working on a construction site. I have to hold a stop sign and direct traffic. Everyone drives by and laughs at me. People ignore my directions and treat me badly. I guess it is just part of the job.
Yesterday was Lauren's Birthday. Her mother decided to surprise her with her favorite cake. Lauren loves lemon cake. Lauren's mother even decorated the cake with candles. She loved the cake and ate 2 pieces after blowing out the candles.
I had a best friend of close to ten years. I'd never known him to date much. He ended up getting a serious girlfriend who was rude and controlling. I tried to talk to him about it but must've upset him. We haven't spoken in years now.
Jesse was in a bad accident at work. He fell from a ladder and started bleeding out. The doctors declared him dead. A day later, Jesse awoke in a coffin. Jesse screamed and rolled out onto the funeral home floor.
Sandy was late for school. But she couldn't stop obsessing about her hair. She continued to comb it until it looked perfect. And she didn't mind arriving to school late in order to look pretty. But she ended up failing all of her classes.
I recall the one hit I got in Little League The pitcher wound up and threw a fast ball. I took a swing, just assuming I'd miss as usual. But instead I hit a line drive between first and second base! I made it to first just in time, not believing what I'd finally done.
Raylan stood at the train station and painted a scene of people. One man didn't like his likeness being portrayed in the portrait. Raylan said he didn't care and was going to paint the man anyway. The man destroyed Raylan's painting. Raylan pushed the man onto the tracks in front of a train.
Alex came from a family that was extremely poor. There was not enough money for proper nutrition. Alex wanted to help feed all her younger siblings. She tried to work after school, but couldn't earn enough money. She quit school as soon as she was able so she could work full time.
I went to a rock and roll concert for the first time in my life. I went with this girl that I really like. Otherwise I wouldn't have gone because I don't like rock and roll. She asked me if I was having a good time and I said yes. I am amazed at the things we'll do for people that we like.
Dan set his trash on the curb to be picked up. The wind blew his can into the middle of the street. A pregnant woman with a child in the back seat swerved to miss it. She crashed into an electric pole and died. Dan was charged with involuntary manslaughter for his negligence.
Chuck was driving home from work. A big wind suddenly blew across the road. The car swerved sideways. Chuck got it under control. He drove white knuckled the rest of the way home.
Ken was in a bowling league with friends. He was the best of the group. It was friendly games, though. Ken would sometimes get too worked up. But he would then remember to have fun and calm down.
The driver got into his car. The race was beginning shortly. He ran through the checklist. Everything was ready to go. He was ready to drive in the race.
Kenny loved the rides at Disney World. He loved to ride the teacups every time he visited. He would spin them faster and faster! Kenny had fond memories of the tea cups from when he was younger. He had loved them for decades!
I was getting fat. My doctor told me I needed to exercise. I decided to run the boston marathon. I trained for nine months. Eventually, I ran the marathon and I had lost lots of weight.
Arnie was watching a funny movie. He was drinking a soda as he watched the movie. One of the actors made a funny joke. Soda flew out of Arnie's nose. Arnie choked laughing at the movie.
Colin got a new job in a new city. Since it was so far, he had to move out of his parents house. Colin got his own apartment, and was very excited. A month later, he got his first set of bills. Upon reading them, the excitement of living alone went away.
Jay was always shy around Linda. One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil. Jay got so nervous he unconsciously spit in her face. Linda got very angry. Linda never spoke to Jay again.
I bought a pair of pretty mink eyelashes. I tried to take the adhesive off. I ended up getting the lashes stuck to the skin on my eyelid. I tried to fix it to no avail. The family and I had a good laugh at my expense.
John went to the library. He worked on an assignment using the computer. All of his data was saved on a flash drive. He forgot to take his flash drive with him when he left. As a result, he had to redo his work.
I took my dog for a walk. It started raining. My dog got his paws muddy. He ran in our house and made the carpet dirty. I realized I should not take my dog for a walk when it is raining.
Cad wanted to go hiking. He asked his friends, but they weren't interested. Then he had another idea. He asked his little brother James to go. James agreed, and the two had a great time!
Susan was at the county fair. She was having a great time with her friends. She wanted to play a game to win a prize. She played a horseshoe game to try to win a bear. Susan was successful at the game and got the big teddy bear.
Nikki and her mom went out to eat at Nikki's favorite restaurant. They got a table with a beautiful view by the window. After they ordered they each enjoyed a drink. An hour passed and the food still hadn't come. They ended up getting their meals for free because the waiter forgot.
Sally planned to prank her best friend Jenny. She blew up lots of balloons and stuffed them in bags. She found Jenny's car in the parking lot. She filled Jenny's car with all the balloons. She watched when Jenny opened her car and balloons spilled out.
Tom wanted to play basketball for his high school. He hired a private coach to help him. The coach told him to improve his vertical leap. Tom soon increased his vertical significantly. Tom made the high school basketball team.
Nella was the best jump roper in the city. She could do amazing tricks. She liked to show off on the playground. One day, she tripped and fell. She was too embarrassed to jump rope after that.
Laura was at a shooting range learning to use a pistol. Her teacher showed her how to hold the gun. She aimed for the target and fired. She hit the target right in the middle the first time! Laura discovered she enjoys shooting pistols.
Maia walked into her kitchen to find a chocolate cake on the counter. She didn't know who made it, but her name was on it. She wondered what to do as her stomach grumbled. Maia realized that no one would see what she did. Two minutes later, the cake was gone, and Maia was very happy.
My brother had a ball. He threw it to my son. My son could not catch it. It rolled right past my son. My son picked the ball up.
Allie loved her neighborhood. But a lot of the shops were leaving. Allie was sad. There was only one shop left. It was unfortunate.
Don wanted a new smartphone. But he did not have enough money. He found an online betting site. And he was able to get the phone he wanted. But when it arrived, the phone was just a toy.
On the reading exam, Timmy purposely slept during the entire test. The next day, he was pulled out of his class to go to another class. The instructor announced that this is a reading session. Timmy became mad when he founded out that this class lasts all year. He slammed the door on the way out.
Some people floated across the ocean. They landed on a beach. They began to form an organization. They ratified their government. They named their new city.
Terry people watched from the corner of the room at a party. He noticed a striking brunette woman standing by the punch bowl. He made his way towards the woman. Terry made small talk with the woman while flirting. He walked away as the woman's husband began scowling at him.
Sam had a big music collection. He had it on his laptop and memory card. One day he was carrying both. He forgot them somewhere and lost both. Sam never got his music collection back.
Lucy and Ravina have been friends for a long time. Yesterday Lucy ran into Ravina's ex boyfriend at the coffee shop. They hit it off really well and he asked out. Lucy said yes but when she told Ravina it didn't go well. Ravina was not happy with Lucy and now they aren't friends anymore.
Tyler was taking a walk on the beach. He saw the dark clouds coming towards him but still walked. The clouds got darker, and it started to rain. Tyler liked the rain so he decided it couldn't hurt. Until it started to hail, then it really hurt Tyler, so he ran home.
It was Christmas morning. Judy lived in the desert ad expected it to be warm. To her surprise, there was snow outside. She went to check the news. An unusual storm had come through the area the night before.
Paul went on vacation with his family for a week. He was a little worried about his home. He lived in a bad neighborhood with a lot of crime. When Paul came home his home was a mess. The cops had to fingerprint everything.
Lucy had just come home from the store. She began putting her groceries away. When they were put up, she realized that she had forgotten corn. She decided to go back to the store. There, she was able to pick up some corn.
Fred had asked Tina out. She said yes. They went for Chinese food. The food was terrible. But they liked each other and wanted to see each other again.
A sports reporter stays at a Marriott Hotel. The hotel helps a pervert to record video of her nude in her room. Later a member of the hotel's upper management is seen at a bar. He's showing the video to people, laughing and making fun of her body. All decent people vow to never stay at a Marriott hotel again.
Doug wanted to learn how to play a song. He worked very hard practicing on his guitar. He tried over and over. One day he finally got it and it clicked for him. Doug played the song wonderfully on the guitar.
Mark is a first year doctor. He works at a hospital and it is very fast paced. He sometimes gets overwhelmed and cannot concentrate. He reaches out to a veteran doctor for some advice and guidance. The doctor assures Mark that things get easier over time.
Phil hadn't smoked a cigarette in Years. He was hoping to stop smoking in order to become more healthy. One day his best friend had lost his job and was smoking outside. Phil decided to join his friend for one cigarette. That one cigarette caused Phil to start smoking again.
Kellan went to change the laundry in the basement. But he forgot to check the latch on the door. When he went back up, he got a nasty shock. He was locked in! Poor Kellan had to beat on the door until his mom finally heard him.
Charles learned how to design websites. A video tutorial taught him how to make an online store. He programmed an online camera store. Next, he visited his local camera dealer and asked for wholesale. Now Charles' online camera store makes ten thousand a month.
Ty decided to move to Europe. He applied to transfer to his company's Paris office. Ty's request was rejected because he doesn't speak French. Undaunted, Ty applied again to transfer to London. Ty's second application was approved, and he moves next week.
Lars has always loved eating guacamole out at restaurants. He decides that he would like to try making it at home. Lars buys avocado, onion, lime, and cilantro. He mixes it up into a delicious guacamole. Lars is very happy that he can make guacamole at home.
Tony didn't like pizza or working in an Italian restaurant. He dreamed of Indian food and elephants. To the dismay of all his family, he left one day for India. He traveled for months, saw elephants and ate Indian food. When he came back, he didn't mind pizza anymore.
Andrea was talking to her friend on the phone.q Somehow the two girls began arguing. She got so angry, she decided to hang up the phone. She spent a few minutes fuming. Finally, she decided to call her friend and apologize.
Kim was afraid of swimming. She couldn't go underwater without holding her nose. Kim decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear. It took several weeks, but she finally grew confident. Kim loved conquering her fear.
Elliot woke up with a bad hangover. He struggled to get ready and make it to work. While at work, Elliot fell asleep at his desk. His boss nudged him on his shoulder, to no avail. Elliot woke up in the evening to discover everyone had gone home.
Mike was browsing through Youtube. He noticed a familiar thumbnail and clicked. To his surprise it was an old kids show he's totally forgotten. As he watched it he was filled with nostalgia. He ended up buying some season DVD's online.
Young Betty had always loved watching her grandmother bake. She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made. One day she decided to make cookies all by herself. But when she was finished, the cookies were burnt and misshapen. In spite of that, Betty was determined she would learn to bake.
Mike loved using his cell phone. He used it to take lots of pictures and videos. Mike's phone storage was always on low. On his birthday Mike's wife got him a 32G memory card. Mike was so excited to be able to use his phone with freedom.
On the cul-de-sac there were two girls named Carla. The first one was a 10 year old blonde with green eyes. The second one was only 3 years old with long dark hair. Everyone called the first girl Big Carla and the other Little Carla. Years later they met but Little Carla was the biggest by then.
I decided that I wanted a million dollars. I realized that authors make millions of dollars. I began to write many stories in hopes of becoming rich. I opened a book stand outside my house. After selling nothing, I gave up and became a stockbroker.
Linda thought she would never be good at drawing. But she noticed that other artists spent more time drawing than she. Linda decided to draw more often. And she became more confident in her drawing ability. Years later, Linda was glad her persistence paid off.
A woman got a new job at the jail. It was full of dangerous criminals. She got to know a few of them. They became friends. She helped them escape.
Derek was excited to go hunting with his dad. This was his first time he was old enough to go. Derek and his dad spotted a young buck in the woods. Derek nervously went to shoot the buck. Derek hit him spot on and collected his first buck.
Susan was happy because it was her birthday. She was on her way home from work whistling. When she got to her home, all of her friends were waiting. They planned a big party. It was the best birthday Susan ever had.
Martha is swimming. Martha decides swimming isn't fun enough. She takes all her clothes off. She skinny dips in the pool. While swimming someone takes her clothes.
A grandmother got sick. Her family argued over how to treat her. The grandmother told them all to stop. They listened. They forgave each other.
Velma is hideous but very smart. Velma studies and works very hard. She helps her friends solve mysteries. Velma is a detective. Velma rides in a van all day when she could be curing cancer.
A tree surgeon I worked for had a dilemma. The tree he wanted to remove was too close to houses, all around. He tied a rope to the top of the tree. Then he had one of his workers hold onto the pulley rope. He then proceeded to cut the tree piece by piece.
Nic and his friends went to a party. There were a lot of people and they got separated. Nic didn't like to be in a crowd alone and started panicking. He hid in a closet and found a girl who was also afraid. They started talking about their fears and became fast friends.
Jose has been seeing Ada for two years and they've discussed marriage. Jose decided it was time to propose marriage to Ada. Jose went to the jewelry store and purchased Ada a diamond ring. Jose picked Ada and took her on an outing to the beach. Once there, Jose got on one knee in the sand and proposed to Ada.
Cash Grabson was smug. He'd made a new app for the marketplace. Unfortunately, most of its code was stolen. Critics railed him for weeks about his thievery. Unfortunately for them, this just drove his app store sales up.
Everyone at work loves Taco Tuesday. They cannot get enough tacos. Their love of tacos makes them more productive. This makes for a great atmosphere at work. Productivity has gone up.
Carlos notices that many weeds have grown in his flower garden. He decides to spend Saturday morning weeding the garden. While weeding, Carlos notices that his jeans get a little dirty. After he is finished, he puts his jeans in the washing machine. He decides having a weeded garden is worth having to wash his jeans.
Lucy was playing with her doll. All of the sudden her brother took it. Lucy started to cry. She asked for it back. Lucy needed it back right away.
Tommy was walking in the field. He saw a plant with pointed, hairy leaves. He picked one of the leaves! Immediately, his hand started burning and stinging! Tommy found out later it was called a stinging nettle.
A high school was walking around town when she dropped her phone. The screen was shattered and she needed to fix it now. She went to the phone store to see what they could do for her. They offered to fix it for a price. The girl payed the cashier and got her precious phone fixed!
Dan was about to travel to meet his parents this weekend. As Dan was packing, Dan realized he was missing his passport. Dan searched his entire apartment for the passport. Dan realized that his passport was lost. Dan was upset that he could not find his passport anywhere.
Brandon was CEO of a technology company. Brandon donated to a cause he believed in. People on the internet found out about his donation. People on the internet vocally protested against Brandon. Brandon lost his job as CEO and has learned an important lesson.
I was a heavy child growing up. At 20, I was 60 pounds overweight. One day I went on a boat ride and they had me sit in the center. I was embarrassed and went on a diet. I lost 40 pounds.
I was in a sprint relay in my senior year. We had the lead until the last 100 meters. I was outrun in the end. I threw my baton. Our team was disqualified.
Suzy was nervous. She was about to be the new kid at school. She worried if she would make new friends. Thankfully she did. She kept them for a long time.
By the time the troop arrived at camp, Clara was covered in red spots. Her shortcut through the woods had earned her a bad case of poison ivy. The other girls gave her some allergy medicine and anti-itch lotion. In the end, Clara had to go home to get stronger medicine. She learned never to take shortcuts again.
Usman loved motorbikes. He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes. He decided to repair broken motorbikes for money. He quit his current job and opened up his mechanic shop. Usman found true happiness in repairing motorbikes!
Steve was always a shy guy. He took drama class in 12th grade. He got paired up with a group for a dramatic play. They assigned him the lead role and it was his time to shine. He ended up doing an excellent job and he was no longer shy.
Ira wanted to play tennis. She asked her sister to show her how. The girls went to the yard and set up the net. Then they played slowly and carefully. Soon Ira was playing as well as her sister!
Emily liked the style of the 80s. She crimped her hair. Her friends all told her how cool it looked. Emily's mom said she wore her hair the same way as a kid. Emily felt like a trendsetter when she did it.
Tom was a high school student. He was the only one of his friends to own a vehicle. Every weekend he would pick his friends up to socialize. They experienced many fun times together. Tom went on to cherish his fond youthful memories as an adult.
Terry was in bed sleeping. He felt a tickle on his arm. Terry turned on the light. There was a bug in his bed. Terry called his exterminator the next day.
Kate came home angry. Her mom asked her what's wrong. She said that she failed a test. Her mom got mad and Kate cursed at her. As a result her mom kicked her out of the house.
Trish had a twin sister. Trish and her sister adored being twins. They loved doing everything together. As they got older things began to change. The twins began to be annoyed by their lack of independence.
I put on my warmest pajamas. I realized my hands were still cold. I looked at my sleeves. I saw that they had little holes for my thumbs. I pulled them happily over my hands.
Jason went camping with his family. They set up the tent, started a fire, and cooked dinner. Jason started sneezing a lot and his face turned red. Turns out he was allergic to the type of grass they were on! Luckily Jason's dad had some medicine for him to take.
A girl was eating fried chicken. As she was eating her chicken, she felt something funny. She kept trying to chew. She spit the chicken out. There was a long hair in her chicken.
Kim hated the pencil sharpeners at her school. Using them would always send an unpleasant shiver down her spine. She avoided using them for as long as she possibly could. The pencil's tip would get pathetically dull. When her pencil needed to be sharpened, she was close to tears.
Gary was recently looking for a house to purchase. Gary and his realtor looked at various houses. Finally, Gary saw a old Victorian house that he fell in love with. Gary put in an offer, and anxiously waited. Gary was thrilled when his realtor informed him he got the house.
Mike had put off asking his girlfriend to marry him for years. He had told her that he wanted to wait till he graduated college. Now that college was over, he felt pressured to buy her a ring. Unfortunately for Mike, it came out that he hadn't wanted to propose. Now Mike realizes he should have been truthful from the beginning.
Chad was feeling to have something sweet for dessert. Chad decided he would have a slice of cake from his mom's house. However, when Chad reached, the cake pan was bare. Chad's mom stated that his father ate the last slice. Chad was disappointed that he could not get a slice of cake.
Tom woke up one morning with a sore on his hand. Tom wondered what the sore could possibly be. Tom woke up the next day with yet another sore. Tom discovered he had a spider problem in his house! Tom hired an exterminator, who got rid of the creatures!
Chad takes his dog Max many places. They hopped in the truck. They drove to the beach. Chad threw a stick in the water for Max to fetch. They drove home on a wet truck seat.
Sylvia relished the idea of owning a restaurant. She wanted to make and sell Italian cuisine, her favorite. She rented a building in an outdoor mall. She hired a staff and opened her restaurant. It did moderately well, enough to please Sylvia.
Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job. His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well. He applied to be a cashier. He got the job. Webster found the working calming and liked interacting with people.
Tom's dog ran away. Tom wasn't that fond of the dog. He didn't bother looking for it. Tom decided to get a cat instead. He was much happier with that decision.
Nina wanted extra cash for clothes and makeup. But at 14, not many options were open to her. Then she realized she had a lot of younger cousins and nieces. She offered to babysit for family whenever they needed her. Nina managed to save up over $100 this way!
Kate and her friend Jule were going to Las Vegas. They only had 5 days. They knew it would be faster to fly. But driving would give them a chance to see the country. In the end the road trip was an adventure to good to pass up.
Jake went to a walmart. He needed some new headphones. He accidentally walked out with the headphones. The alarm did not go off. He felt relieved.
Tom had an outdoor cat. He moved to a new area. After a couple of days he noticed a lot of dead squirrels. Tom's cat had been killing almost all of them. Tom had to stop letting it out as often.
Robbie's parents were divorced. He did not like his mom's boyfriend. When they announced they'd be getting married, Robbie was upset. His mom went through with the wedding anyways. After the wedding, he convinced his dad to let him move in with him.
My first time to play basketball was when i was in grade school. It is part of our physical education subject. When it was turn to shoot the ball i don't know how to throw it. I threw it upward so they all laugh at me. Even me myself laugh every time i remember it.
Marie noticed her hair was getting gray. Marie was self conscious. She went to her beautician. Marie dyed her hair. Marie felt much better.
Kaye wanted to play soccer with her older sister. Do to her age and size she was not allowed. Kaye mom got the idea to start a soccer team for smaller girls. Plenty of kids signed up to join the new soccer club. Kaye was happy to be a member of this club.
Amber wanted to take her ferrets outside. Her ferrets would always run away though. She bought a leash for the ferrets. She can now walk them, without them getting away. The ferrets and Amber love the outside walks.
Kate was at a Casino in Vegas with her friends. She was bored and ready to leave. The air was stale inside the casino. She thought she would go outside and get some fresh air. Instead she got more stale, smoky air.
Sue decided to get up and make breakfast for her family. She found a recipe for biscuits. She bought all the ingredients. She followed the instructions. They turned out perfect!
It had been years since Jane had been back home. She got a call from her dad, saying her brother was very sick. On the bus there, she remembered fighting with her brother. Her parents picked her up at the bus station. Her brother, in his robe, met her at the door and hugged her.
Melissa hated driving for long distances. Her family wanted her to visit in another state. Melissa hadn't seen her family in a while so she agreed to visit. Melissa was driving for hours and briefly dozed off behind the wheel. Melissa got in a car crash and died before reaching her destination.
amber's friend sarah was having a birthday party amber got an invitation stating that she was invited amber responded and accepted the invite she prepared for the party by buying gifts and goodies she went to the party and had a blast
It was a hot and sunny day in New Jersey. My friends and I decided to take a trip to the beach. We packed into a car and started the hour drive. Once we got there, we sprinted towards the ocean. After hours on the beach, we took the trip back home.
Jodi was a very curious woman. She walked by a glass makers studio everyday. One day she got up the nerve to ask the owner for a lesson. The owner was very kind and allowed Jodi to follow him for a while. Jodi learned a lot at the studio and she helped the owner a lot.
Jon thought he could catch the biggest fish in the pond. He dug up enough earthworms for that day. Jon walked to the pond but forgot his pole at home. He ran home and grabbed the fishing pole. After three castings, he reeled in the biggest fish in the pond.
Jill loved butter. But she noticed that she was gaining weight. So she made efforts to use less butter when she cooked. But she couldn't resist it. So she decided to eat just butter despite her weight.
Phil's bank for his checking account transitioned to online-only. At first it seemed like a dream come true. His fees were lower than ever. The phone lines now operated twenty-four hours a day. Phil later wished he could change his account status in-person.
Rhonda had always wanted to learn Italian. She decided to enroll in courses at her local school. She found it difficult but she kept working. Finally she began to speak Italian pretty well. Rhonda was proud she was learning Italian.
Kazu had a boring lecture and kept sleeping in class. He failed his test because he was sleeping and missing the notes. Kazu was depressed because he could not stay awake in class. Kazu decided to videotape the lectures with his phone camera. Now, he could review the notes at home and pass the next test.
Randy is alone. Randy looks for a wife. He visits a bar. He finds a nice woman. He spends the rest of his life with her.
A cute new guy came to Anna's junior high school. Everyone liked him, but he was quiet and aloof. Nobody dared to approach him, until Anna got up the nerve. She introduced herself and found out his name was Julian. Soon, Anna and Julian were making plans for a date that weekend!
Mr Egg was presenting a volcanic eruption to the science class. He had a diagram of a volcano that looked like it was made of tinfoil. He then took out a huge thing of vinegar, and started to pour it in! The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment. The volcano then exploded with substance that looked like lava!
We went to visit my cousins. They were an elderly couple living in Arkansas. We met their parrot, Preacher, when we walked in the door. He talked to us nonstop. He was so loud that day that nobody enjoyed the conversation.
Gerardo entered a hot dog eating contest. He had never entered a contest before. He practiced eating hot dogs for weeks. Gerardo ate 23 hot dogs. Gerardo won the contest.
John was on his boat fishing. A huge storm came and turned over his boat. John was stuck in the water for hours. Finally a boat came and saw him. He was glad to be rescued.
Last week I went rock climbing with my friend Matt. I was climbing well until we got to a certain route. I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up. Matt was able to get passed it with ease. I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt.
Samantha woke up hearing a scratching sound come from the attic. The next day she brought a flashlight to the attic to look around. Samantha found a squirrel hiding among her old boxes. She helped the squirrel get outside through an attic window. Samantha felt happy that she helped out the squirrel.
Ed left his keys at the grocery store. He did not realize until he got home! He had to return to the store. There, he checked with the manager. Thankfully, someone had returned his keys.
I had to take graduation pictures. I went to a studio. They gave me a jacket. They took two pictures. One of them is on my wall.
Charles wanted to write comic strips with a nice message. Charles set to work sketching characters and stories. Charles' characters were beloved almost immediately. Charles used his characters to promote kindness and goodwill. Charles was very happy with his lot in life.
Roberta was working on a complicated jigsaw puzzle. She had been working on it for weeks. Her grandson came over to play. He accidentally knocked the puzzle off the table. Roberta could do nothing but start over.
The kids were visiting a farm. THe farmer had a big donkey named Jake. They loved to pet him. They also go to lead him along the fields. They'd had a great day working with Jake.
Tom took his girlfriend Lisa to the movies. They chose to watch a romantic comedy. The movie was so incredibly boring and corny! Lisa reached over and began kissing Tom passionately. Tom had the best time ever at the movies that night!
Dave was starting at a new school for the first time. To impress people, he borrowed his dad's expensive watch. He was getting to know the kids when some rough housing began. Suddenly, he tripped and smashed the watch to pieces. He was grounded for months for what he did.
In kindergarten there was a girl who liked all the boys. One day she chose one she wanted to marry. She went home and took the bread tie from the bread in her kitchen. The next day she came with it shaped into a ring. She forced it onto her chosen's finger and they were wed.
Fred needed some new pants. His current ones ripped. So he went to the mall. When he got there he saw there was a sale. So he got pants for half off.
Years ago I was accused of running a red light. I researched my ticket to prepare for court. I did my best to represent myself. I thought I was going to lose. The judge  threw my ticket out.
Matt wanted to learn how to play chess. So he joined his school's chess club. During practice, he was consistently beaten. And his teacher's instruction resulted in no improvements. After months of struggling, Matt quit.
I was in gym class. The coach was making us do push ups. My triceps were hurting so I stopped. The coach called me a weakling. I told him he was a loser so he gave me detention.
Alex swayed back and forth on top of the bridge. He'd run away from home weeks ago. Life on his own turned out to be a lot tougher than he'd expected. He jumped off the bridge on to the freeway below. He managed to kill himself and cause an irritating traffic jam.
Kerry rode the bus home every day after her self-defense class. One day, a woman riding the bus pulled out a gun and attacked Kerry! Kerry pinned the attacker to the ground and took her gun. The driver called the police and the attacker was arrested. Kerry was very glad that she learned how to fend off attackers.
Camden doesn't have good luck. Today it started to rain while he walked to school. He slipped on the sidewalk. All of his papers fell out of his hands and into a puddle. This is almost a normal day for Camden.
Eric had a big chess tournament this weekend. He went up against his rival and best friend Tom in the finals. Eric was nervous in the final round. Ultimately Eric ended up winning the tournament. Tom congratulated Eric for his win.
Helen wants to visit her aunt Alice for Christmas. She saves up funds all summer by babysitting. She will use the funds to purchase plane tickets. Helen was able to save just enough for the trip to aunt Alice house. She spent Christmas time with her aunt Alice.
The small dog refused to walk up the stairs. The dog's owner was worried, so he took him to the vet. The vet carefully examined all four paws and diagnosed a sprain. The vet prescribed a painkiller to make the dog more comfortable. The owner was glad it wasn't something more serious.
Pauline bought a parrot. It would say only one thing and wouldn't learn anything more. She tried for many days to teach him, but to no avail. So she gave it to her nephew instead. After a few hours with her nephew, the parrot spoke new words.
Monica checked out a book from the library. She didn't have time to read the library book. It was time to bring the book back to the library. She went back to the library. Monica checked the book out again.
The young couple took the same route into town every time. The toddler daughter would start saying, "EEE baby?" at the same point. The couple did not know what she meant nor why she said it. One day the saw a painting of a baby on the side of a small grocery. They understood she was saying, "Where's the baby?"
I went to the store the other day to buy some carrots. When I got there I found out that all the carrots were really pricey. I went to the store across the street. Their carrots were much cheaper. I think I'll buy my carrots there from now on.
My husband and I wanted to go on an exotic vacation. We considered Italy, the Bahamas and China. We finally decided on China after much consideration and research. When we traveled there, we saw the Great Wall and tasted wonderful foo. Our next trip to China will include our children so they can enjoy it.
Matt wanted to climb a nearby mountain. He studied and trained for three months. The day finally came and he started the climb. Less than an hour later, he slipped and broke his ankle. His dreams were crushed and he never tried again.
Alexas was trying to braid her hair for school. She thought she understood it but her loops seemed off. She tried a few different methods but none would work. Finally, she asked her mom for some help. Luckily her mom was able to put her hair into a cute braid.
Tim was hit by a car while crossing the street. Then the car sped off! Luckily, a witness had seen it all. The cops tracked down the driver that hit Tim. She was arrested and thrown in jail.
Mark found his house to be in a mess when he got home from work. There was toilet paper scattered all over the ground. His dog had a guilty stare in its face. Mark put his dog in the kennel for making the mess. Afterwards, Mark cleaned up the mess with a vacuum cleaner.
Cassidy had many brothers and sisters. He knew when he got a wife he wanted his own large family. When he married his wife, they both agreed to have a large family. Cassidy and his wife discovered they couldn't have children naturally. They both decided to adopt a large family.
Bob decided to go to his friend's Halloween party as baby. He didn't feel like doing too much work on a costume. So he took a white sheet, fashioning a diaper. Six of his friends had the same idea. They were all babies, too, just wearing a sheet as a diaper.
Jason accidentally locked himself in his basement. He tried pushing on the door to get out. The door wouldn't budge. Jason stacked a bunch of containers near the window. He had to climb out of the window to get out.
Keith had served in the army. He had just come back from active duty. Keith was attending a New Year's celebration. He knew that the fireworks would remind him of gunfire. Keith left before the fireworks.
I was in rehab for 8 weeks after a stroke. I began walking in my fifth week. One Saturday I was walking with a therapist. I lost attention and almost fell. I recovered, but we stopped practice that day.
In the country there isn't much to do for fun. When I was a teenager we would drive around all night. We never really went anywhere. It was just something fun to do. I miss driving around sometimes.
We went to the local football game. We purchased sodas and nachos at the concession. We went to our seats and bundled up from the cold. We yelled at the players until our throats were sore. We had a great night at the game.
Cathy wanted a unique centerpiece for her wedding. Cathy decided that she wanted a ice sculpture for the centerpiece. Cathy told her wedding planner what she wanted for her centerpiece. At the wedding, Cathy was blown away at the huge ice sculpture. Cathy loved the ice sculpture so much, and so did her guests.
Joe saw a snake out in the wood pile. Joe caught the snake and put it in a box. He brought the snake inside the house. The snake got out of the box. Jane found the snake in the closet two days later.
Brandon took down a painting off the wall. He stared intently at its various shades and hues. He felt captive to it, a slave. He looked away but lost his grip. The painting fell and crumbled off the canvas.
Debbie could make the best strawberry cake in town. Her family convinced her to enter a local baking competition. She made a very special cake to enter into the contest. There were dozens of other cakes in the competition. Debbie won a ribbon for best tasting.
Doug bought a farm. He didn't know what he was doing but he was eager to learn. He read a lot and talked to a lot of farmers. He soon picked up the skills he needed. He had a successful first growing season.
They had to walk through the house with the electrician. They were asked to pick out where they wanted outlets and lights. But the stairs were not put in yet. So they had to climb these small ladder stairs that made them scared. They finally got down them and vowed to never go up them again.
Michael had just bought a new house. One afternoon, Michael returned home to find his basement flooded. He was worried about how to pay for the repairs. His friend recommended he check his homeowner's insurance. Fortunately, all repairs were covered for Michael's house.
The Smith's were driving to grandma's house. The father decided to go away he never went before. He thought it would be faster. The Smith's ended up getting lost. They always went the normal way from then on.
I've been getting a weird rash for a few days now. I thought I was allergic to the soap I've been using. So I bought a new kind of soap, but the rash didn't go away. This morning in the shower I noticed something on my loofah. It had a huge spider's nest inside of it.
Quinn had always wanted a pet. When her birthday arrived, she was given a hermit crab. Quinn was disappointed, because the hermit crab wanted to be alone. Regardless, she spent a great deal of time with her new pet. Now Henry, the hermit crab, sleeps on Quinn's pillow.
Garry needed a state issued ID for work. He drove to his local DMV. He waited in line and then was greeted by a worker. He took a picture and presented his information. He was given a temporary ID and then went home.
Sam's favorite store was having a huge sale. He thought it was a great opportunity to buy the items he had wanted. When he went to the store, there were people everywhere. He looked for the items he wanted, but everything was gone in his size. He left the store empty handed and disappointed.
Justin and his wife went camping in the woods every summer. They went camping this summer just like last year. Justin was allergic to bees and forgot his allergy medicine. He was stung by bees during their camping trip. His wife rushed him to the hospital and ruined the trip.
Fred loved fishing. He loved going with his friends. Fred went to the local pond yesterday. He caught a large fish. He brought it back to eat it.
The house was quieter than usual. With 3 young children that is not a common occurrence. Looking in the tv room I saw the 2 oldest playing a video game. I went into the kitchen and found my guilty looking 2 year old. She had redecorated the walls and herself in bright blue marker.
Russell always baked fruitcakes on his birthday. But that year, he couldn't find the right fruits. He went from store to store without luck. He had to change the fruits for nuts. It turned out he liked that cake better.
Sam and his parents went to the county fair. There was a raffle for a movie ticket. Sam bought a raffle ticket. When they called the numbers for the raffle, Sam did not win. Sam and his parents left the fair very disappointed.
Sarah was complaining all week long. She was sad that she did not have a date for Valentine's Day. Sarah's parents and friends bought her Valentine's Day chocolate. She ate all of the chocolate they bought her in one night. Sarah felt sick.
Matt was a student at the local college. In the summer, Matt decided to stay on campus but not take classes. Matt went to his local electronics store and got them to hire him. Matt quickly became their best salesman and was awarded a bonus. With his bonus, he bought all his friends desert that night at dinner.
Daniel's television started to beep! A weather bulletin warned against thunder and lightning. Daniel laughed at the warning. Suddenly, a loud noise made him jump high in the air! Daniel laughed at himself this time.
Stacy had a lunch date planned with a good friend. She was on her way to lunch when she heard a loud noise. She  pulled over and got out of the car. She realized she had gotten a flat tire. She spent her lunch date getting a flat fixed.
When I was little, I had a book. It was my favorite, but the pictures scared me. I asked my mom to hide the scary book. Later, I found the book in her closet. I secretly would go to the closet to read the book when she was out.
Justin surprised his kids with a pet. It was a dog from the animal shelter. While they slept, the dog ripped apart their whole living room. Justin said the dog had to go back. The kids all cried.
George really wanted to be a writer. He got a new writing program for his computer. He sat down with his ideas and started typing. Months latter he had a finished book and took it the publisher. He was so excited when he saw his book in a bookstore.
The approaching storm was a big one, and Max was nervous. He asked his parents if he could have some friends over. Even though it was a school night, they agreed. With several of his buddies to keep him company, Max felt reassured. Even when the storm hit, he wasn't scared because he wasn't alone.
Kay wanted a mommy so badly! She had been in foster care for all six years of her life. She had a meeting with a potential mommy, but she wasn't hopeful. The next day, though, her teacher pulled her aside to give her news. The lady had adopted her and she had a mommy now!
We live in a high rise building. With the onset of cold weather the apartment got drafty. The apartment has big picture windows. Drafts were coming through. We sealed the windows to combat the problem.
Simon was afraid of getting into a car accident. So he had his car painted bright yellow. He hoped this would make his car easier to see. And reduce his chances of getting into an accident. But the next day, he hit a parked car.
Tom was nervous before his first date with Kristen. To try and calm his nerves Tom drank three shots of whiskey. Tom passed out on the sofa before leaving for his date. Kristen called Tom when he didn't show but he didn't answer. Kristen and Tom never talked again.
My cousin Joi had three kids. One day, a neighbor in the building asked her a question. She wanted to know if Joi would sell an egg to her for $40K. She was trying to conceive a child with her husband. Joi politely declined, citing religious reasons.
A watch vendor on the street tried to catch my attention. He showed me a brand new watch and wanted me to buy it. Since it was on the discount, I decided to purchase it. I realized that it was fake after rinsing my hands with water. The gold paint was immediately removed.
Jay wanted to eat roast beef for dinner. He gathered the ingredients and realized he was missing vegetables. So he decided to throw in cans of green beans as a substitute. When the stew was finished he gave it a taste test. It was the worst stew he had ever tasted in his life!
Koichi was excited to go to Italy. He hoped to see some interesting sights. His luggage was stolen as soon as he arrived in the city! Koichi had to come home early. He was very embarrassed!
Leslie wanted to learn how to shoot. Her boyfriend bought her a gun. He took her out to the range. He taught her how to use her gun. Leslie got her carrying permit and can shoot.
Sammy had a very busy life. So she had trouble staying calm. She found that she only had peace in her dreams. So she looked forward to sleeping every night. She was glad that she had some peace in her life.
Barb always wanted to be able to spike a volleyball. She was never able to jump high enough to get over the net. She trained for a year on her vertical jump. She put all her focus on building her leg muscles. A year later Barb can now spike a volleyball perfectly.
Jean had saved a file on her computer. She wanted to send it to her sister. Jean didn't remember what she had named the file. She couldn't find the location of the file. Jean couldn't send the file to her sister.
Today was the first day of school. It was a lot of work and a lot of fun. We played duck duck goose in the yard. I got to go first. Unfortunately I tripped and fell and everyone saw my underwear.
On Thanksgiving day, Quinn and his cousins went out to see a movie. On the way home, they ate some fast food tacos. When Quinn got home, his mother wanted to take family photos. After the photos, he helped the family cook dinner. At the end of the day, the family enjoyed their feast.
One day the Zacker family went to the museum. Britney's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room. She thought the skeletons were cool. Mr Zacker liked the caveman display. Everyone had fun.
Little Billy wanted to buy a bike. He asked his dad for one. His dad told him to earn it. He began to mow lawns. He made enough to buy the bike!
Lizzy bought a bookcase for her new apartment. She took it to her car to load it, but it was too big. All of a sudden, someone called her name. Her friend Joe was driving by in his big truck. He agreed to take the bookcase home for her.
There was a boy in a choir who was very rude. He constantly talked while the Director was speaking. The Director asked him if he would like to come up front. It was not as easy to lead a choir as he had thought. The boy was more subdued when he went back to his seat.
Chris wasn't sure what he wanted to do after college. He always liked teaching. Chris applied to be a substitute for his nearby school district. He quickly realized he was meant to be a teacher. Then Chris went to back to school to get a degree in teaching.
Todd was on vacation and had gotten a hotel room in the city. He unpacked all of his things and laid on the bed. Then he noticed a stench coming from the bathroom. The toilet was over flooding. He called up the staff and was able to switch rooms.
Marlene had a question in mind that she puzzled over. She hypothesized about a possible answer to her question. Wanting to solve the query for good, she conducted an experiment. The experiment showed that her hypothesis was correct. Feeling vindicated, Marlene reported on her results to her colleagues.
Alvin was a carpenter. He went to the lumber yard to buy a few tools. Alvin paid for the tools. He put the tools in the bed of his truck. Alvin met up with his helper on the job site.
Steven was in need of money for a suit for the school prom. But Steven's family did not have money. So Steven started mowing lawns on the weekends. Steven raised enough money for a nice suit. Steven had a great time and was named the Prom king.
Sam was at the mall. When he went to his car he noticed the headlights were on. He had forgotten to turn them off. When he got in the car wouldn't turn over. He had to have someone help jump start him.
Rick and Ron piled into their car for a Spring Break road trip. They drove for eight hours, then grew exhausted. They decided to stop in a motel for the night. The next morning, they got back in the car and drove ten more hours. They finally arrived in Miami, ready to party!
Ghost tried to kill the drug connect. The attempt failed. The connect is in jail and knows who tried to kill him. Now the tables have turned. The drug connect now has a hit out on Ghost.
I needed a new iPod. The one I had for years broke. To my surprise my boyfriend got me one. When I opened it it was amazing. I was super thankful.
Carol always wanted to go jogging. Unfortunately she didn't have the right shoes. She bought a new pair for that reason. Carol eventually wound up using them just once. They spent most of their time in her closet.
The sore developed quickly. It spread across the side of her leg. Over time, it became infected. It began to seep and split. She was rushed to the hospital for emergency amputation.
Tom felt ill after sleeping very little the night before. Tom felt throat pain at work. Tom decided to take a break to go to the pharmacy. Tom obtained some medication and it made him feel better. Tom returned to work and was very productive.
Ray tried out for the football team but didn't make it. He decided to make his own fantasy football club instead. Ray's friends tried out for the football team, too. But they didn't make it either, so they joined Ray's club instead. The three boys all had so much fun playing fantasy football together!
They checked bother mother and baby into the hospital. They would be there for a week. They decided to use bili lights to reduce the jaundice. His mother cried when she saw the mask on his face. The nurse told her she just had postpartum depression.
Neil had just finished a safari in Kenya. Now he was arriving in Nairobi. He walked around the capital city, impressed. The buildings were huge and imposing. Nairobi was a very developed city!
Jake had known his girlfriend Sarah for 5 years. Jake was madly in love and wanted to get married. He wanted to propose but was afraid of being turned down. He got brave and asked Sarah to marry him on their anniversary. Sarah was so happy and she accepted the proposal!
Desiree bought a brand-new pair of stiletto heels. She put them on so she could go out with her new boyfriend. He picked her up in his truck at eight. As she walked across the grass, her heel got caught on a rock. She tumbled to the ground in front of her date.
Stan went with his class to the zoo. He saw some kids teasing a monkey. Stan told them to stop it. The kids turned and started teasing Stan. Stan looked at the monkey and felt sad for both of them.
Ken wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He bought her a cheap bouquet of flowers. The girlfriend wound up being allergic to one variety. She was still thankful for the thought, though. She kept the flowers and smiled through the sneezes.
Kelly really wanted her ears pierced. She never had them done before. She drove to the parlor to get them done. When she got there they pieced them. To her surprise it did not hurt.
Jenny expected to go to sleep early today. However, her lab report took a while to complete. She stayed up late at night to finish it. Although she spent a lot of time on the report, she received a C on it. The professor realized that she rushed report.
Jane started working out. She hated doing cardio. Instead she concentrated on weights. Since there weren't many female powerlifters she pursued it. Jane did pretty well and won many competitions.
I went to school one day, and it seemed very typical at first. When I walked into class, I noticed there was a new student. I walked over to her and began to ask where she was from. She was very nice, and we talked for a long time. After we talked, we became close friends from then on.
Jan worked as a waitress and had to save every dime. When she learned she was expecting, Jan had to keep working. Soon, it was obvious to the customers that Jan was going to be a mom. Jan rarely complained, but she mentioned her feet were more tired now. The next day, she found a customer had left new tennis shoes for her.
John was a kid who loved chocolate bars. John wandered away from his mom while in a grocery store. John picked up some chocolate bars, stuffing them into his pockets. John's mom was shocked when the alarm buzzed as she left the store. Then she learned her little Johnny was a chocolate thief!
David hates his job. He works at retail. He doesn't like anyone at his job. He decides to quit. Before he quits, he goes and yells at his boss.
Candy was running one morning. She was zoned out listening to music when she heard something. Someone was running close behind her. She got nervous and began picking up speed. Then, she broke into a full sprint and ran from the scene.
Jimmy was 12 when he first noticed his attractive next door neighbor. She trimmed hedges and the lawn in her swimsuit. Jimmy would spy on her with his dad's hunting binoculars. One day the neighbor's dad came knocking on the door. Jimmy had been caught spying on his daughter!
I was walking to school. Since I wasn't looking at my feet, I stepped on a rock. I landed on the ground in pain. Thankfully, a stranger rushed to pick me up. He took me to the hospital to seek treatment.
Glen and his wife were on a trip to Ohio using a bus. While on the bus, the couple had to board another bus. While transferring, workers carried their bags to the new bus. When they arrived in Ohio, their bag was missing. They contacted their bus' company and filed a report.
Chris woke up early on Saturday morning. He decided to go for a stroll. Passing by a cafe he heard loud commotion. He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd. The large crowd was holding Peace posters.
I had never eaten a mango before. My friend offered one to me. I decided to try it. It was delicious! Alas, it was rotten so I could only eat half of it.
Samantha clocked in for her shift at work. She greeted her manager who was having a bad day. The manager was rude back to Samantha. Samantha threw her uniform on the ground. She clocked out and left.
Tom was putting up Christmas lights. His hands were cold. He lost his grip a bit and slipped. Tom fell off the latter. He was too hurt to continue that day.
Latrice couldn't wait until Christmas. Normally, he's not that bothered about Christmas. This year, he was excited because he knew what his present was. It was the bike he had asked for. He knew this because he saw it in the shed one day.
Ty was feeling lucky. He decided to try his luck with a lottery ticket. He grabbed his keys to start scratching off the circles. Just one more match and he could win 500 dollars! Ty got a match!
Yesterday my friend Ed and I played speed chess online. We played 4 games. I lost the first one and tied the second. I won the next two games. Ed claimed his wife was yelling at him, and quit playing.
Ellen was unlucky enough to have been hit by lightning last week. It was on a tuesday when she was patching her roof. It hit right beside her and she felt the force of it. She was hurt and rushed to the hospital. Luckily she is said to be on her way to a full recovery.
Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. She got up to check, and fell. After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked. She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.
Hank ate lots of chocolate one night. But he neglected brushing his teeth. The next morning, he had an awful taste in his mouth. Hank then went to brush his teeth. But his gums started to bleed.
One time in high school my friends and I went to the beach. We quickly became bored laying around in the sun. So we decided to build a giant dragon out of sand. After a couple of hours the dragon was at least twenty feet long. People from all over the beach came to look at what we made.
Pablo was a generous man. He would give shelter to anyone who needed it. Pablo shared everything he owned with everyone. Pablo fell upon hard times and needed help. Many people rushed in to help Pablo with his needs.
Billy went to work. He came home late at night. Billy was very tired. He laid down in his bed. He fell asleep quickly.
My dog had surgery on her shoulder. We brought her home the next day. She kept trying to lick her stitches! I bought her a turtleneck so she couldn't reach them. She stopped trying to get the stitches and she looked good, too!
The Mexican restaurant was very popular. They made a burrito that was practically famous. The line was often down the block. John wanted to try the burrito for the first time. But he saw the line and decided to go home instead.
Tom's apartment started to flood. He noticed a broken pipe under the sink. Tom shut the water off. He was able to buy a replacement part at the hardware store. Tom stopped the leak.
Greg's car interior roof was draping down. It was getting in the way of his driving. He didn't know how to fix it. He came up with a good idea. He stapled the drape back up to the ceiling.
Asha wanted a pet to keep her company. After visiting the pet store, she purchased a parrot. At first she liked the parrot. Then, the parrot started speaking back to her. Asha decided to return the parrot to the pet store.
Roger Rumface was sitting at a table, eating dinner. His entire family was there and he was smiling. That's when he felt something brush against his foot. He looked to his wife, but she was having a conversation elsewhere. Roger never realized it was his own foot.
Penny threw a party for all her friends yesterday. The day before she had to run a lot of errands for supplies. She went to the grocery store for food and drink. She went to the party supply store for streamers and candles. All Penny's friends had a great time at her party last night.
Eddie's dad wanted Eddie to join the marching band. Eddie could play the guitar but no other instruments. The band teacher assigned Eddie to play the trombone. Eddie tried but decided that he hated playing the trombone. Eddie's dad was disappointed when Eddie dropped out of the band.
Lily found a little puffin by the sea. Its wing was broken and Lily mended it. She kept the puffin in her house to check up on it. She fed it every day for two weeks. When it was healed, she let it go so it could rejoined its flock.
Jill hated her house. She wanted to move to Bolivia with her cousin. Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in. Jill liked the slideshow. She decided she would like to stay where she was.
When I say the word park, my dogs ears light up. He immediately runs to where the leash is and sits. He struggles to not wiggle in excitement as I put it on. As we walk, he points me towards the direction of the park. Once he hits the grass, he rolls all over and barks with excitement.
Scrambles the cat was adopted in late July from a shelter. She was transported to her new home in her owner's car. Once home, Scrambles nervously explored her surroundings. Once finding no dangers within the home, she laid down to rest. Scrambles decided that she loved her new home.
Rita had just been proposed to. She couldn't wait to get married! She spent months planning the party afterwards. All her guests showed up to the wedding. They told her she had planned a great party!
Olivia was very impulsive. But she wanted to change her behavior. She practiced making decisions more slowly. And over time, she made fewer careless decisions. With practice, Olivia's impulsive tendencies went away.
Daniel was out partying last night. It was a Sunday night. Daniel's alarm goes off but he ignores it. When Daniel finally awakens it's 2 hours past his wake up time. Daniel rushes to get ready and head to school.
She needed to ease her mind from a memory. So she went out to a party. The music was not to her liking. She asked the DJ to play a song that brought back her memories. She ended the night passed out upstairs.
Joe wanted to take Sue to the big concert. But when he went to buy the tickets, they were all sold out! Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets. They found someone outside who sold them tickets. Joe and Sue had a great time at the concert.
I wanted to take a cheap vacation. I looked up how much it would cost to visit Paris. Unfortunately it costed a year's salary. I really wanted to go someplace I would enjoy. So I decided to take a vacation to my hometown.
My friend Ben and I went to the local park to throw a football. We began to throw the football back and forth. Out of nowhere we heard yelling. We looked over and there was a fight going on between two men. The bigger man won and walked away.
Larry went to the car mechanic last week. He wanted to get his brakes replaced. The mechanic told him it would take one hour. The mechanic charged Larry a lot of money. Larry refused to pay and they got into an argument.
Maggie was walking with her son's empty stroller. She was walking up a huge hill. Suddenly, she lost her grip on the handles. The stroller began hurdling down the hill. Maggie chased it and caught it just in time.
Merida had long red hair that she never combed or tied up. One day while running quite fast, she got her hair stuck in a tree. It tore out a chunk of her hair and also some skin. Merida had learned her lesson. Now she wears her hair in a bun or a ponytail.
Janice is a recovering alcoholic and hasn't drank in Years. However, after a difficult week at work, she decides to have a beer. She savors the first sip of beer. However, she does not finish the entire beer. Janice is glad that she didn't drink the whole beer.
Xavier always wanted a horse. He found out about a auction for horses. He saw a horse that he really liked. It had had a very unhappy life. Xavier brought it to his farm and he was so happy there!
Amy was a scientist. She researched cancer. She worked for decades to make progress. Finally, she had found a cure. Amy became the most famous cancer researcher.
Samantha walked outside. She noticed some footprints in her yard. They looked like some kind of animal print. She knelt down for a closer look. Samantha was nervous it could have been a bear and ran inside.
I woke up late today. I rushed to get dressed and brush my teeth. I was late to work. Luckily, no one noticed. I stayed late to get my work done.
Hershel was a scrawny young man. He had very low self esteem. All the other boys his age were much bigger than him. Herschel began eating well and lifting weights. In a few short months he had gained a lot of muscle and was happy.
One day Rory's family was driving through the country. Rory thought the hills in the distance were very beautiful. She turned to her dad and said how pretty she thought that hill was. He said she would probably like it more if it was on the Youtubes. Rory sighed and went to YouTube on her phone.
Bernie checked the laundry to make sure his hat was washed. When he opened the washer door, he found that the hat was discolored. He accidentally poured bleach into load instead of softener. Frustrated he took the hat to a store in order to replace it. He showed it to a clerk who found a replacement and he left the store.
Nick was hungry. He searched the kitchen for food. He found bread and bologna. Nick made a sandwich. He ate the sandwich with satisfaction.
When America was just starting out, there was almost an army revolt. Many of George Washington's army had not been paid for years. So some of them went to Philadelphia and complained loudly about it. George Washington spoke with them and pled for their understanding. So the soldiers went back to the battlefields to continue the war.
Sandy knew that with school coming, that she needed to buy supplies. Her daughter especially needed a backpack, as hers was ripped. Sandy found one online, but the shipping time was three weeks! She had to look elsewhere, searching for something to arrive quickly. Sandy finally found a cute backpack that would make it there on time!
Lana loved to do cheer leading. She joined the high school cheerleading squad. Most of the girls on the cheerleading squad were mean to her. Lana couldn't take the mean girls anymore. Lana quit the cheerleading squad.
A man knocked on my door this morning to say my horse escaped. I got my shoes on and started looking for him in the neighborhood. My husband used the car to search. I was getting nervous because he was nowhere to be found. I was relieved to find that he went home on his own to eat hay.
Turducken McSwiggin was the home run champion of the world. He managed to maintain an impossibly high batting average. Suspicious, the MLB had him take numerous tests for drugs. Turducken always tested clean, and always apologized for wasting cash. Because he crusaded so hard against Turducken, the MLB head resigned.
Will was a big fan of arcade games as a kid. His favorite game was the classic Donkey Kong game. For his fortieth birthday, Will's wife threw him a party. She invited all his childhood buddies to the party. She also bought for will an old-school arcade Donkey Kong game!
I was in a hurry to get to work today. I pulled behind a long line of cars to make a right hand turn. I sat there for 15 minutes not moving. Turns out I wasn't in the lane to make a right turn. I had been waiting in a line of parked cars.
Dana wants to paint her nails a new color. She drives into town to see the nail colorist. The nail colorist paints her nails red. Dana loves it. Dana finally has a new color for her nails.
One winter day in January we got almost 3 feet of snow. My kids decided to help shovel off the roof of our house. It seemed safe because the snow was so close to the roof line. It didn't take long for the kids to start jumping off the roof. They turned a day of work into a day of fun.
We went fishing this summer. We were on a huge boat with a captain. Apparently there is a standard size fish must be ? Every fish I caught was too small and got thrown back. At the end of the day I caught 5 but went home with none.
Michelle taught a bible study. She told the kids to start a journal. She wanted them to write their prayers. One of the students wrote twenty pages. She was happy people used them.
Stan styled his hair like a popular singer. He loved it when girls remarked on the resemblance. One day, news broke about the singer in an embarrassing scandal. Stan looked at himself in the mirror. Then he got out a razor and shaved off his hair.
Barbara's school was holding a talent show. She wanted to perform a dance. She watched dancing videos online to learn how to dance. At the talent show, Barbara performed well. Although she didn't win, she was very proud of herself for trying.
When I was a kid I had a lot of free time. I used most of the time to read books. Looking back, I read so many pages. Now I don't have any time to read books. However I plan to start reading more.
It's Diana's wedding day. Her dress is nowhere in site. She panics and calls her mother to ask where it is. Her mother tells her she is on her way with the dress. Mother arrives in time and saves the wedding.
Allen went in a fishing trip. There were many fish in the lake! Allen used worms as bait. He caught a huge catfish. He went home and cooked the tasty catfish for dinner!
Carla loved to face paint. It was her sister's birthday. Carla's mother did not want to pay for party entertainment. Carla suggested she face paints. Everyone had an amazing time thanks to Carla's art.
Tom loved Sarah. Tom had been dating Sarah for three Year's. He proposed one night during dinner. Sara was overwhelmed and said yes! Tom and Sara kissed happily.
Eli saw the moped at a yard sale. He knew he could get it running. He offered a low price, and the people sold it to him. He bought the parts on ebay and got it running. He was so happy, he drove it around every day.
Tim's neighbors have little kids. They often go into the yard and are really loud. Tim is slightly annoyed by their noise. He considered speaking to the neighbors about it. Tim then decided to just let kids be kids.
Tony needed to buy his grandma a birthday present. He went to her favorite bakery. They were sold out of her favorite cake. The owner told Tony how to make it himself. His elated grandma couldn't tell the difference!
I managed to stop smoking. I tried electronic cigarettes. In the beginning they weren't that great. Eventually I found better products and they work great. Now I enjoy vaping all day.
Marcy loved to shop. She went to the mall to buy a new dress. After trying the dress on, she went to the cashier to pay for it. Her credit card was declined. She was so embarrassed that she ran out of the store.
Tom worked at an office. He disliked his job. He knew how to play the guitar. He offered his lessons on craigslist. He gained many clients and quit his job.
Henry hated his boss for his constant pestering. He asked him to try to keep requests reasonable. Sadly, his boss did not care and kept pestering him. He contemplated on whether or not the job was worth to keep. Henry chose to quit and decided to look for another job.
Miranda and her boyfriend were seeing a movie. It was a scary movie. Miranda usually stayed away from scary things. Her boyfriend really wanted to see the movie, so she gave in. Unfortunately, halfway through she was so scared that she left.
I joined the track team. I practiced everyday for my race. I started running but got tired by the fourth lap. I was sweating really bad. I finished the mile race in five minutes.
Kayla had been on the dance team for years. This year she was trying out for varsity. She was nervous that she wasn't going to make it. She practiced and practiced. Kayla was relieved when she made the team.
Jenny had to run the mile in PE. She had a large liquid-filled wart on her toe. It would pop if she tried to run the mile. Her teacher told her to walk instead. The wart still popped.
Tom drove his car from New York to Los Angeles. He noticed the car was burning oil. He had to feed it oil in order to continue driving. Tom refused to do that. The engine seized up and Tom left the car on the side of the road.
Jack smelled something coming from the kitchen. Jack investigated the smell. Jack found his mother cooking tacos. Jack was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked. Jack ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him.
Kelly needed a new sink for her house. She looked everywhere. She couldn't find the right one. Finally she found one online. It looked great.
Allie was excited to attend the concert. But first she wanted to see if she could win a free one. A week past and she found out she won the ticket. Allie was thrilled. It relieved her of having to spend money.
Alice didn't have a lot of money for Christmas. She decided to have a tag sale. The tag sale went well. Alice made three hundred dollars. She was able to buy gifts for Christmas.
When he was younger, Frank loved watching cars race. His favorite car type were Subarus. When he got a job, he saved $100 each month for a new car. After years of waiting and saving, Frank went to the car dealership. Frank bought the blue Subaru of his dreams.
Coleman needed to charge his phone. He looked everywhere in his house for it. Finally, he found the charger but it was broken. After rushing to the store, he bought a new charger. Now, Coleman can charge his phone.
Angelica owned a very special collectible figurine. She displayed it on her tv. One day her maid cleaned her tv. As she wiped the tv she accidentally elbowed the collectible figurine. The figurine broke into 3 pieces when it hit the hard marbled floor.
Angie went to the pool but she did not get into the water. Angie did not know how to swim. Her friend took her for swimming lessons. Now Angie isn't afraid to get into the pool. She is happy that her friend took her for swimming lessons.
My physical education instructor told us to pick up the dodge balls. Our class also split up into two teams. My team tried to eliminate our opponents by hitting them with the ball. I went against my friend since we were the only ones left in the end. I ended up eliminating him since I managed to hit him.
Gloria lived with her adopted father and his girlfriend. She had everything a girl could ever need or want. When Gloria went to high school she met a boy who was a criminal. When Gloria's dad said she couldn't date the boy Gloria ran away. It has been 20 years since Gloria has seen her family.
Donovan loved to play basket ball. His school team wanted to win real bad. Donovan practiced hard that week. He helped his team have victory. His teammates celebrated and bought him a gift.
Jeremy and Sam went to the city. They wanted to see the tree lit up for christmas. They got there and it was packed. They could hardly see the tree. They enjoyed the time regardless.
September 1st, when leases end, is called Allston Christmas in Boston. Many students live in Allston and throw things away. Scavengers collect usable items often left on sidewalks. My brother who lives in Allston went scavenging a day early. He managed to pick up quite a few items.
It was burning hot. So Tod couldn't wait until winter. But when winter arrived, it was colder than normal. And he couldn't even go outside. Tod spend his whole winter waiting for summer.
Sam wants to grow a tomato plant Sam cuts open a tomato, to find many seeds. Sam plants the seed in a pot. Sam waters the seedling every day. Sam now has a tomato plant!
Sonny worked at a vet's office. He saw a sick kitten in the field by his house one day. Sonny brought the kitten to work with him. The staff took care of the kitten. When the kitten was better, the secretary took him home.
Tom was on a long flight home. Also on the flight was a family with a baby. The baby wouldn't stop crying the entire flight. Tom tried using ear plugs but it didn't help much. He was extremely frustrated by the time they landed.
Kareem loved to play basketball. He was considered the best on his team. The championship game was next month. The team was counting on Kareem to help them win. Kareem broke his wrist the day before the game and the team lost.
Nancy's big sister was playing with her Apple iphone. Her mom came in and asked Nancy if she wanted an Apple. Nancy eagerly said yes, barely believing she was getting a phone. Her mom walked out of the room. She came back in with a big red apple, much to Nancy's dismay.
Wesley wanted to dress as Santa for his kids. He bought the outfit at the store. Christmas eve he surprised the children. His kids knew it wasn't really the real Santa. They never knew it was Wesley though.
Jack was in the grocery store. He was shopping for paper towels. Jack pulled a roll of paper towels from the stack. The stack began to shift. The paper towels fell all over the floor.
Harry parked his truck near the park. When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door. He took his car to get it fixed. His mechanic buffed out the scratch. Harry paid his mechanic $100 for his work.
Sandra went strawberry picking with her mother. They spent several hours in the sun gathering berries. At the end of the day Sandra dropped her bushel of strawberries! Luckily she was able to scoop them all up again. Sandra was glad that her hard work hadn't been wasted!
Amy woke one night with a toothache. The next day, eating made it worse. She realized she had a cavity. Slightly nervous, she visited the dentist. She left with a perfect smile!
Sue was getting ready for dance. As she put on her ballet shoes, her toe popped through. She had to put tape on the toe box. She told her mom what happened. They went shopping for new shoes the next day.
Alicia was planning a special event for her 1st grade students. Alicia decided she would hold a Easter Egg Hunt for her students. In addition, Alicia would have music played at the Easter Egg Hunt. After planning, Alicia told her students about her Easter Egg Hunt. Alicia was delighted to see the excitement on her student's face.
James was angry at his best friend Todd. James and Todd like the same girl Jenny. They would get jealous whenever one of them spoke with Jenny. They got into a fist fight and both were hurt pretty badly. Jenny later told them that she had no interest in either of them.
Mary was a pretty girl, and she knew it. When she jogged at the park, she always wore skimpy clothes. She liked having all the boys stare at her. One day though, an old man made a rude comment to her. After that, Mary wore more appropriate clothing.
It was raining yet warm The kids still wanted to go to the park. So the dad agreed. Once they got there the weather got worse. They turned around and went home instead.
Jill needed to get away. Her job was so stressful. She decided a nice day out to the spa would do the trick. She went to the best spa in town. She relaxed came back home and was fully regenerated.
Jane decided she wanted to become a farmer. She got a job at a nearby farm. The work was difficult. However, Jane was happy to be a farmer. Jane was proud of her career choice.
Alex became a salesman at a young age. Electronics were his specialty, despite his lack of experience. His ability to spout facts and figures impressed customers. Given a promotion, he managed inventory based on this alone. His skill as a master manipulator helped him save face many times.
Jack was waiting for a new package. He had ordered new earbuds. It was supposed to be arriving soon. He waited for the mailman to arrive. He finally got the earbuds.
The farmer wanted to add a large animal. He bought a cow. THe cow ate all the grass and then scared the chickens. The farmer was beginning to doubt this plan. Then his children fell in love with the giant creature.
Cary was eating at a restaurant. He noticed a bug in his salad. Cary was disgusted. He asked to speak to the manager. The manager reimbursed Cary's money.
She told the dog no. She would not allow her to have the greasy donut. The dog laid down beside her. She looked up with sad eyes. The woman caved and gave her a piece of the donut.
Suzy got some chocolates. She got one package. When she got them they were good. She ate the entire bag. They were truly that delicious.
My cousin decided to pick me up, and take me to an event. This event was at a swap shop store. Many used items, including clothing and food, were up for sale. I found a good deal on a pair of Nikes and decided to buy them. My cousin and I came home with several things.
The church was in ruins. We snuck in through the side door. We tore through the chapel like wild banshees. A screeching sent us racing out. We laughed at ourselves when we saw it was only a bird in the rafters.
Lisa bought a new vacuum. It sucked up her wedding ring! She had to take it apart to find the ring. Now the vacuum is broken. Lisa learned an expensive lesson.
Walter went to a vegan restaurant with his colleagues from work. As he ate mostly meat, he was hungry after his salad. He sneaked to the other side of the street. He ordered a double cheeseburger with extra everything. When he went back to work, he felt full and content.
Becky moved alone to the other side of the state. She had always struggled a bit with making new friends. Getting involved with a local charity gave her something to do. In her free time, she was able to give back to her community. As a bonus, she also became good friends with other volunteers.
I filled my car with one tank of gas. I drove as far as I could before the fuel ran out. The car coasted to a stop on the side of the road. I got out of my car and threw the keys on the ground. I walked from the car and didn't look back.
I took my daughter to Dim Sum when she was 15. We ordered a bunch of dishes. Later, she developed hives. The doctor said it was an allergic reaction to Chinese food. She doesn't do Dim Sum much any more.
Tom had his clothes on backwards. He thought it looked cool. He even wore his shoes backwards. One day he was running and fell really hard. He never wore anything backwards again.
Charlie's mother noticed a change in his behavior. He was sleepy early in the evenings and his teacher complained. Charlie's mother asked him what the problem was. He said there wasn't a problem. That night she caught Charlie sniffing glue.
Tim was a slow driver. His friends made fun of him. Tim never cared. He always followed the law. Tim had less tickets than any of his friends.
Little Jimmy Smith admired the mature tiger in its cage. The tiger paced back and forth, and admired the small boy. The two predators stared at each other for many minutes. The hungry tiger pulled Jimmy into its cage and mauled him to death. Jimmy's parents demanded the tiger be euthanized.
One afternoon, Joe discovered his washing machine had broken. Joe had to get his laundry done before the end of the weekend. Joe packed up all his dirty laundry and loaded it into his truck. At the laundromat, Joe was shocked to see how expensive it was. Four hours and 15 dollars later, Joe left with his clean laundry.
John was walking down the street. He saw a homeless man begging for money. John reached into his pocket. He had no money. John gave the homeless man a high five instead.
Sylvia was planning on making soup. She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients. She went through the entire recipe step by step. Then, she got to the bullion cubes. She realized that her husband had gotten the wrong kind.
Bob was cleaning his shed. He heard some strange noises behind some boxes. He went to get a flashlight. He shined the light way back into the back of the shed. There was a big ball of snakes in the corner.
Brett visited his grandfather's house. His grandfather showed him the new place. He noticed that several items from the old house were kept. His grandfather took out an old typewriter. He taught Brett how it use it.
Peg liked to gossip about her coworkers. She spent one shift telling stories about a coworker on a day off. She thought it was safe, but another coworker repeated the stories. The coworker felt hurt that Peg was talking about her behind her back. Peg apologized and learned her lesson.
Robbie's wife was concerned about his health. She tried to get him to exercise, but he refused. He drank too much whiskey and only ate barbecue. Robbie had a heart attack when he was forty-nine. He died at fifty-one because he refused to make healthy choices.
Anna was an aspiring author. She wrote a children's book. She tried to sell it to a publisher. None of them were interested. They said kids didn't want to read stories about the Holocaust.
In Millie's church, it was an honor to sit in the front pew. Millie always rushed the family so they could get the honored seats. Each week they went a little earlier, trying to be the first. One Sunday, they arrived to find the church already full. Millie realized the early mass was still in session.
Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich. She never revealed her secret ingredient though. What could it be. Carl explored the kitchen and found out. It was love!
Tom was driving home at night. The road was dark. A stranger wearing black jumped out onto the street. Tom hit them head on. The stranger died on the way to the hospital.
Anna wanted to hang a picture. She bought a big new frame. She hung it on the wall in her bedroom. In the middle of the night, the frame broke and fell. Anna was upset that her new frame was ruined.
Laura wanted to order some food from a place she likes! The food was too expensive for her, however. She was very upset that she couldn't order her food. I offered to pay and she insisted that she pay me back. I bought her food and she paid me back next week.
I started selling on eBay in 2000. I was amazed how much people would pay for collectibles. Soon family and friends gave me their things to sell. Often these items were worthless. I stopped selling because of this situation.
My friend Jason was taking flying lessons. One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight. On the tarmac I saw we would be flying in a tiny prop plane. Jason did barrel rolls, dips, and engine stalls. When we landed I kissed the ground more than once.
People remember their fights, but one fight Charles will never forget. He called his x-girlfriend and said he didn't know if the kid was his? She passed the phone to a guy who started arguing. Charles told this guy where to meet for a fight. That guy punched Charles in the mouth so hard he needed stitches.
Beth wanted to be beautiful. She hated her short eyelashes. She visited a stylist. Her stylist gave her fake eyelashes. Beth felt beautiful wearing the eyelashes and was happy.
Ron wanted to order shoes online. But he was worried that he would order the wrong size. He did everything possible to make sure the size was correct. But he was too afraid to order the shoes. So he went to a store and reluctantly bought shoes for a bad price.
I was up all last night trying to finish my science project. It took me forever to get finished. I didn't make it to bed until 2 o'clock in the morning. When I woke up, I realized I was late for school. My project was late, but thankfully no points were deducted.
Every night at the bar, Roy would get wildly drunk. It was like the volume was turned up on him 10 notches. He was so loud that no one could hear the music or the TV. The bartenders did not mind him, however. Roy knew how to tip very generously.
There was a lot of down time at the warehouse. Martin kept himself busy by playing with the palettes. Now Martin was making a tall tower of pallets. The tower nearly reached the ceiling of the building. Martin took great satisfaction with finally knocking it over.
Jeff is snowed in his cabin. Jeff is scared he will never get out. All the sudden the power goes out. Jeff is sitting there in the cold he covers up but it's not use. Jeff gets so cold he gets sick.
Joe always wanted to ride a horse. So Joe looked online for a place he can ride one. He found a place. Joe drove to that place. He rode his first horse.
Greg's teacher posted a reminder about the history exam the next day. He had forgotten all about it. Greg stayed up all night cramming for the exam. In the morning, his mom told him school was cancelled because of snow. He was actually disappointed he couldn't take the exam that day.
Sam asked his mom for a ride to his pal's house. She said she was too busy to chauffeur him around. So, Sam rode his bike the ten miles to his pal's house. That evening, Sam's mom got a call from her weary son. The chores had to wait while she picked up Sam and his bike.
Jack meets a blonde woman on the street. He asks her for her number. She gives it back to him. He goes home and gives her a call. He asks her on a date and she says yes.
Colin always wanted to try rally driving. He bought himself a driving experience to try it out. When he got to it, Colin was very timid. He didn't want to crash the car. By the end of the day, Colin was glad that he did it.
Tim was on his way to a date. He was nervous about it. The train he took was delayed. Tim didn't have any service to call his date. She left heart broken.
Angela was a rude and angry person. She was the boss at the office. None of her subordinates liked her. She was bossy and harsh. They all wished she'd be fired.
Charlie had worked hard for his boss for months. He felt he deserved a raise. He brought it up one day after lunch. His boss disagreed. Charlie was disappointed.
Samantha set up her Christmas tree. She put lights on it. Some of them didn't light up. So she bought new ones. Finally she was able to enjoy a beautiful well-lit Christmas tree.
Polly was at her friend's birthday party. Polly had gotten her friend Samantha a new dress! Samantha opened up Polly's present. Samantha loved her new dress. Samantha thanked Polly for her present afterwards.
Serena's history class was taking a trip to Paris. Serena badly wanted to go but had no money. She decided to get a job to save up the money. What she did earn was still not quite enough. Luckily her mom offered to cover the rest and she got to go.
Arnold was scared of the color yellow. Many believe it was because of his childhood experiences. One day arnold decided to draw with a yellow marker. As he was drawing he felt very wobbly. Arnold ended up fainting.
It always bothered Quinn that she lost pens before using all the ink. She was determined to hold onto her newest pen to the end. She guarded it closely whenever it was in use. One day she accidentally left it behind at the local library. When she returned it was gone, and she felt her goal was impossible.
Kyle worked on a construction crew. He was walking to the foreman's office one day. Kyle tripped on a metal pipe on the ground. He hit his head and was knocked out. Kyle went home for the rest of the day.
Madison had just gotten over a stomach bug. She hadn't eaten all day. Madison was really hungry. She ate a really rich dinner. Madison started to feel sick again.
The bear ate the leaves. The leaves were falling from the trees. This bear didn't like to climb. He forages the ground for his meals. And enjoyed eating leaves from the ground.
Sue's neighbor's dog would not stop barking. Sue went to complain to her neighbor. Her neighbor said she was just dog sitting and the dog would go home. Sue accepted this and went home. The dog's owner picked up the dog three days later.
Jen was at a mall and wanted to eat lunch. But she didn't to spend much money. So she went to a chocolate shop and asked for various free samples. Then she walked out of the store without buying a single thing. After having a stomach ache, she regret not buying a healthy lunch.
Sandy was excited to go Speed Dating. She was anticipating meeting a lot of nice people, especially guys. She waited patiently at her table for guys to chat with her. She was starting to feel sad as no one appeared to her table. Finally, a nice guy came to her table to chat.
Lisa was a phenomenal athlete. She won a gold medal in the Olympics. She was training to compete in the next Olympics as well. Every day after practice, she'd look at her gold medal. She was determined to win another one.
Josh worked part time at his father's friend's store. He helped his father file paperwork in the office of the store. Josh noticed ways that his boss could cut down on spending. Josh helped his boss trim down his finances. Josh's father's friend put him on as full time.
Ann was excited to watch her daughter perform a dance. As she waited for the performance, she bragged about her daughter. When the ballerinas took the stage, Ann couldn't spot her daughter. The daughter was on stage as a prop, not a dancer. Ann covered her face with her program and slumped in her seat.
Emily loved ducks a lot. She loved them more than any other animal. One day, she decided she would see one in real life. She traveled very far for a lake. Finally, Emily was able to see a duck in real life.
Erica took her clothes to the laundry cleaners. She placed her clothes in the washer. She left the store and grabbed lunch. Afterwards she came back to check her clothes. Her clothes were stained pink because she forgot to separate colors.
I was at home looking for my phone charger. I must have left it at work. I started to get scared. I pounded on my neighbor's door. Luckily, he had a charger I could borrow.
I brought some family photo albums with me to my new home. I wanted to use them to populate some photo frames for the shelves. Most of my family photos are in a horizontal orientation. Most of my photo frames are in a vertical orientation. I plan to fill the frames with cell phone pictures instead.
Sam was cooking dinner. All of a sudden a small grease fire started. Sam didn't know what to do. In a panic he tried throwing water on it. That made the fire spread and Sam had to evacuate.
Jeff loved to eat cucumbers a lot. One day, he decided he wanted to eat as many as possible. This led to Jeff getting very fat. Eventually Jeff went to the doctors. The doctor told Jeff that eating that many is very unhealthy.
Tom wanted to remember his dreams better. His friend suggested he write them down after waking. Tom bought a pen and paper to leave by his bedside. Tom began writing notes about his dreams upon awakening. Tom was pleased he was able to remember his dreams better.
A man found a pearl in an oyster. Unfortunately, he was eating the oyster at the time. He chipped a tooth on the pearl. Fortunately, the pearl covered the cost of dental work. From then on, he made sure to inspect his seafood before biting.
Juan stepped up to take the kick. This was for all the marbles. He ran up and lashed out a shot on goal. The ball flew off his foot and into the goal. Juan had won the game with his penalty kick!
Herman bought a vacation home in Florida. He didn't know the house was built on swampland. In March, Herman went with his family to stay in the home. When they arrived they found alligators living in the bathroom. Herman promptly sued the seller and the real estate agent.
This  morning I woke up to my husband chuckling. I asked him what he was laughing about. He said during the night, I tried to put a pacifier in his mouth. I don't remember that at all. He thinks it's absolutely hysterical.
Barry decided that he wanted to audition for the part of Hamlet. Barry practiced his lines day in and day out. Barry was anxious but prepared for his audition for Hamlet. After the audition, Barry waited anxiously to hear from the judges. Barry was elated to hear that he got the part of Hamlet in the play.
Jeff went to visit Lebowski's house. At the house, Jeff met a pretty girl named Bunny. Bunny asked Jeff to look at her toes. Bunny's toes had green nail polish on them. Jeff said goodbye to Bunny and went inside.
For dinner I did not feel like regular food. I decided to have some cereal. I poured myself a bowl. I also added some almond milk. I wanted to have cereal all the time.
I had never been ice skating before. Today I had decided to give it a try. I fell a few times and decided to get back up. Someone came along and took my hand. I continued to skate the rest of the night.
Tom was always afraid of bees. There was a nest of them near by. They were the fat friendly variety. Tom tried to not be bothered by them. Eventually he learned they weren't so bad.
Howard was working late last night. He needed some extra money for a birthday present for his wife. After getting off of work, he decided to go to the Jewelry store. He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace. His wife was amazed when she saw it.
Anna forgot to remove her lipstick from her pocket. She put her jeans into the washing machine and then dried them. The lipstick opened in the dryer. It melted all over everything. Anna had to wash the entire load again!
It was raining hard in Allison's area. She was on her way to work. The road in front of her was flooded. There was no other way for her to get to work. Allison called her boss to say she couldn't go in.
Kim won a lot of money in a bet. She planned to take the money to the bank. On the way there she felt like shopping. Kim spent some of her money on new clothes. She still managed to put a lot of money in the bank.
Tony loved frosted flakes. It was his favorite cereal. He thought they were Great. He ran out of milk though. He went to the store and bought some milk.
My friend, Frank, and I were watching a football game on TV. He got mad when the opposing team scored the game-winning touchdown. He was so mad, he threw his dinner plate at the TV. The plate broke the TV. Frank is no longer allowed to watch football at my house anymore.
Bill went to class. Nobody was there. He looked at his schedule. He had the right room. The class had been moved.
The little girl loved the kite. It was blue and yellow. She took the kite everywhere she went. She learned how to fly the kite. Eventually she entered a contest for flying.
Matt wore his brand new shirt to dinner. He really wanted to impress his date. Within minutes of eating he spilled wine down the front of him. He tried to wash it out in the bathroom. But the white shirt remained stained the whole night.
Toni loved to fix bicycles. One day Toni's friend broke his bicycle. Toni secretly fixed it at night. The next day his friend found out and was elated. Toni was so happy to help his friend out.
When my child turned 5 I began to work at her school as a TA. I become so interested in working with the special education students. I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning. I went back and got a teaching certification in special education. Now my child has grown up and I still have a job I love.
Tammy had a sleepover for her birthday. For dinner, the girls made their own little pizzas. Tammy's mom had all kinds of things for them to put on top. Some girls made crazy combinations! They had fun trying each other's creations.
I went to my friends house. His mom cooked dinner for us. The food did not look good. I told my friend I already ate. Then I got a burger on the way home.
When I was little, I ran around in a Simba costume. When I would get too rambunctious, my dad would put me outside. I would spend my day chasing butterflies. I climbed trees to take a break. Then I would lay down with our dogs like they were my pride.
Lucy couldn't make her parents see she was in pain. Her pain was something not easily seen or felt by those around her. One day her mom noticed Lucy staring out the window. her mom asked her what was wrong. Lucy told her and she got some help.
Linda was drinking bottled water. But she thought that it tasted weird. She sent a sample to a lab. And the results showed that it was perfectly safe to drink. Linda was too suspicious and threw all of her bottled water away.
Jill was walking her dog. Her dog came loose from the leash. Her dog ran into the woods. Jill chased after her dog. Her dog returned to her with a dead bird in its mouth.
I was having a routine dental check up. The dentist told me I needed my wisdom teeth removed. They gave medication to sedate me while they did their job. When I woke up from the medication I was at home in bed. I didn't a thing that happened once I took the medicine.
My senior year of high school, a boy showed interest in me. The entire year he made me feel awkward by trying to court me. After our first date, I noticed that I didn't like him hardly at all. In class he was always talking to me even though I was disinterested. Finally near the end of the year he found another girlfriend.
Scott was very stressed. But he found a book about Buddhism. He decided to go to a Buddhist temple everyday and meditate. And it reduced his stress level greatly. Scott devoted the rest of his life to Buddhism.
Mary was driving down the highway. Suddenly, a deer popped out in front of her. She swerved to avoid it. As she swerved, she narrowly missed hitting another car. Luckily, she didn't hit anyone and it was okay.
Lance is a bike racer. He is entering a huge race. He starts the race. He gives it everything he has. He wins first place in the race.
Andrew had a house that would make a good haunted house. So Andrew decided he would make his house a haunted house. He got his family together to help him. They fixed the whole house and made it very scary. Everyone in the block talked about how good his haunted house was.
Last Tuesday I went to play soccer with my friends. I'm not very good at soccer so my friends made me play goalie. I had a lot of fun being goalie because I could still use my hands. I did a very good job and my friends invited me back next time. I can't wait to play soccer next Tuesday.
Em liked to pick flowers and arrange them nicely. It was a hobby, but she never thought it could be a career. Then one day a friend suggested she work as a florist. Em did her research and decided to give it a try. To her joy, she became the most popular florist in town!
My coworker Jim is married. He flirts as a joke. Today he asked if he could kiss his boss, who is beautiful. She offered to punch him in the face. They laughed, as they were both joking.
Sue's boss passed out the new work schedule. Sue shoved it in her purse. When Sue got to work, she clocked in as usual. Sue began working and was called over by the manager. Sue's manager said she was supposed to be off and she forgot.
Mike had a cold. I have not been sick in years. I thought my immune system was very strong so I was not worried. This morning I woke up with a runny nose. And now I have a cold.
The candle was placed on a table in a drafty house. A breeze knocked over the precariously placed candle. When it hit the table the wax went flying. The wax helped to spread the flames. The table went up in flames.
I took a semester abroad in Rome during college. One of my favorite activities was eating gelato. There was one shop in particular, very close to my apartment. It was there that I had my first pistachio gelato. While I tried many other flavors too, I always, always got pistachio!
Abe knew he could make something of himself. He worked at a grocery store, and found books in the dumpster. He read all he could about the law and more. After being a successful lawyer, he headed into politics. Not but ten years later, that boy became president.
My family is spread out across two continents. This makes it hard to manage availabilities. I try to make phone calls at convenient hours. Often I will screw up the time zones and pick odd times. My family is forgiving, however, and always glad to hear from me.
I went to the duck pond with a friend. We watched a family approach with some bread for the ducks. They began to feed the ducks peacefully. Suddenly, the other ducks noticed and came over. We watched as the family ran away from a flock of demanding ducks.
Chris had an eye infection. His doctor prescribed him some eye drops. He went to the pharmacy to fill the prescription. It was $200! Chris decided he would rather be blind than pay that much.
Jay wondered what her boyfriend had bought her for Christmas. She loved reading and writing, but she hoped he hadn't gotten books. She had read most of them and she would be disappointed. But when she saw his gift, she was very pleased. He had bought her a BLANK book to write her own stories!
Rick built a pizza oven in his backyard. He made it look fancy with carvings of dragons on the side. Rick tested out the oven with a small fire. The dragon carvings looks really intense with the fire. Rick put out the fire and called his oven a success.
An inbox message appeared in my email. When I opened it, I noticed that it was from Hannah. She told me to top chasing her or else she's going to kill me. I took the message to my principal. He ended up suspending Hannah for a week.
Riley and Adam were out shopping. They wanted to get something to eat, but didn't know what. Riley noticed a coupon for a burger place. She pointed it out to Adam. Together, they decided to go there for lunch.
James won the school spelling bee. Winning sent him to the district spelling bee. Before the spelling bee James caught the flu. James went to the spelling bee anyway. James lost the spelling bee in the first round.
Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big. But she did not own one and her mom's were too small! She asked her dad for some help. He made her a belt of rope from his garage. Ivy thought her new belt was functional and fashionable!
I broke my leg when I was 8. I thought it was going to be cool having a pink cast. My friend's even got to sign their names on it. It got itchy and stinky really fast though. After that I wanted my cast removed as soon as possible!
Sharon took her sister Sheila to the doctor for some tests. Sheila was worried because she had been having pain in her breast. Sharon had been through breast cancer herself. She was worried too. Neither of the sisters expected stage IV lung cancer.
The guy was planting a tree in the back yard. He dug and dug with his shovel. He hit the power line and got zapped. The city wrote him a ticket for his actions. The guy decided to leave it up to the professionals.
Jim had a class coming up in an hour. He was very tired from his run. Jim decided to skip class and take a nap. It was a test day. Jim flunked his class.
Shiloh is the third dog that I have owned. She is the most loving and friendly dog ever! Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much. When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail. Shiloh makes it fun to come home.
Rodney was deathly allergic to peanuts. The school bully Trent didn't understand how deathly. He thought putting a single peanut in his sandwich would be funny. Rodney went into shock due to the allergy closing his throat. Luckily Rodney didn't die and Trent was only expelled.
Lucy was helping her grandma on the garden. At first she hated it. The longer she helped the less bored she was. She picked out a large zucchini as her own. As they ate the zucchini for dinner, she realized she liked gardening.
Madeline sat on a park bench. The autumn leaves were falling like rain around her. She held her coffee with both hands as she took a sip. She watched people come and go. She took a deep breath as she enjoyed the little moments.
Sally lives in Phoenix and wild javelinas are part of the environment. The javelinas eat prickly pear cactus among other things. Sally went outside after dark and encountered 4 javelinas in her yard. She made a sudden noise expecting the wild animals to retreat. They did not move and she slowly backed into her house.
I was expecting guests over. The living room was quite dirty. To get ready, I first vacuumed the rug. Then, I wiped down the tables. The room was now clean and ready for guests.
Kelsi got some great jeans yesterday at the mall. As soon as she tried them on, she loved them. They fit her perfectly. Kelsi ended up wearing them every single day. Unfortunately they ended up ripping.
A cat ran around the room. He quickly tired from running. He curled up on the couch. The cat slept all afternoon. When he woke up, he was ready to run around again.
Mozie was tired all the time, but today was worse than usual. She climbed under the deck and went to sleep for most of the day. All the coaxing in the world did not work to get her to come inside. It was a very hot day, so we were worried. Finally, she came back into the house wanting a drink of water.
Tim had bad luck with basketball. He never could get control of a bouncing ball. He refused help from anyone. One day he finally took advice from his dad. After that he was a pro at basketball.
Today was Fred's first day of high school. He was quite nervous. He was worried he would not make any friends. Luckily when he got there some nice kids started talking to him. Fred was happy he made some friends.
Lily loved fishing. She would go every year. Her dad would take her. The two had so much fun. Lily caught a massive fish.
Maria was browsing Facebook when she saw an ad. The ad mentioned a baking contest coming up at school. Since Maria was a fan of baking, she decided to enter a pie. On the day of the contest, she offered her pie to the judges. Luckily, she won and she got to collect a reward.
The travel agent was very excited. She had just booked her clients for a dolphin experience. They were very excited to touch such an amazing creature! The told her they would take lots of pictures. The travel agent couldn't wait to hear all about it!
I used to love drinking soda pop. I loved the taste of the flavors. One day I read about Diabetes. The article said soda pop was a contributing factor to Diabetes. I stopped drinking soda pop.
Kelly was bored in class. She got out a stick of gum and started chewing. Her teacher got upset. She threw Kelly out of the room. Kelly got a detention.
Amy wanted to improve her volleyball game. She had practice 3 days a week, but she still needed more. On their day off she went to the gym. But others sports were practicing, and she couldn't play. She decided she would practice in her own backyard.
My phone had very little battery. I glanced over at it and saw that I had a call. In a rush, I ran to find a phone charger. I plugged in my phone and answered the call. It was my friend and he was just calling to say hello.
Kyle's cat was in a terrible accident. The cat pulled through, but lost both his back legs. Kyle decided to build something to help the cat out. After a lot of work, Kyle made a pair of wheels to help the cat. The cat was able to return to his old life thanks to Kyle's help!
I put some of the lip gloss on my lips. It left a slightly sticky feeling. The scent of honey was very strong. I licked my lips to see how it tasted. It had a slight sweet honey flavor.
Brad had a cabin in the woods. During the summer he would spend a lot of time at the cabin. One summer he failed to properly secure his cabin. While Brad was out, a bear broke into the cabin and ate his food. Brad had to drive back to town to buy more supplies.
Wilma bought supplies to work on a garden. She went home and began to start her garden in her backyard. She spent weeks working hard on every vegetable and plant. One morning she noticed a deer eating all of her plants. She ran outside and chased the deer, but it was too late.
Benny was pretending to be a superhero. He jumped off his bed, wearing a cape. Benny fell hard onto the floor. He sprained his ankle in the fall. Benny stopped jumping off of the bed.
My friend Harry is divorced. He had a relationship with a woman about 8 Years ago. She was an attractive blonde woman. She was arrested and imprisoned on embezzlement charges. Harry resumed the relationship after she did her time.
Donna is turning eighty years old this week. Her daughter asked her what she wants for her birthday. Donna said she wants all her family to come over. Donna's daughter got the whole family together the next day. Donna was so happy to see all her family.
Henry loved to watch the chipmunks playing in his yard. One day he decided to try to catch one and keep it as a pet. Henry built a trap and caught a chipmunk, but it tried to bite him! Henry was surprised and scared. He decided to leave the chipmunks alone from then on.
Todd was at the grocery store. He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home. Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway. He tripped on the footbridge over the creek. His 2 liter coke fell into the creek and floated away.
Bob saw at a red light in his car. He used the time to change radio stations. While doing this the knob broke off in his hand. Bob tossed the useless knob out the window. He was forced to listen to country music all day.
Jennifer is riding her horse at the stable. Suddenly the horse is spooked by a shadow. The horse runs around uncontrollably. Jennifer is thrown from the horse. Jennifer breaks her arm, but it okay.
Shay was using his metal detector on the beach. He had found lots of pop caps and nickels. Then his tool beeped very loudly. Shay dug up the spot it indicated. He found a real gold necklace!
Allie had a very rich friend Fran. Fran had invited Allie to lunch on a yacht. Allie had never been on a yacht before and was excited. But unfortunately when she got on the boat she got sick. Allie couldn't wait to get off of it.
Tim bought a new dog as a pet. He already had a cat. The two did not get along at all. Tim tried everything but they kept fighting. Eventually Tim had to give away the new dog.
Jake was changing clothes in his room. He didn't realize his overhead fan was on. When he reached up to take off his shirt his arm hit the fan blades. Jake wound up fracturing his wrist. He had to get a cast put on it.
Leo was a reporter for a local newspaper. He was writing a story about local politicians. The politician tried to avoid Leo for many days. Leo was finally able to catch up with him at the gym. Leo got a great interview and got a promotion because of his story.
Tina was cooking spaghetti. She was excited to try a new sauce. When she went to open the jar, she dropped it. Glass and sauce went everywhere. She was sad her perfect dinner was ruined.
Hattie was making her famous oatmeal cookies. She put them into the oven. She set the timer for nine minutes. When the timer went off she opened the oven door. The cookies were raw because she had forgotten to turn the oven on!
Rick had a bad mouse problem at his house. He came up with an idea to get rid of them. He bought a snake to catch the mice. The snake caught all of the mice. Now, he has a snake problem.
Sheridan loved to eat steak, but eating out wasn't in his budget. The only things Sheridan could cook were cold cereal and toast! At the library, Sheridan found a step-by-step book for aspiring cooks. He read the chapter on cooking meat, then got a steak at the grocery. Sheridan's home-cooked steak was tasty, and cooking was fun!
Ned was out playing in his yard one day. Suddenly, while running, he stepped on a rusty nail. The nail punctured his foot, causing a lot of pain! Ned's mom rushed to take him for a tetanus shot. Afterwards, she bandaged Ned's foot and kissed it softly.
Eric was walking around his campus. And he saw another student in tattered clothes talking to himself. The student wandered around aimlessly. And one day, Eric saw school security guards questioning him. Eric saw the student forced into a police car and taken away.
Kate's drain in the basement was clogged. She called a plumber to take a look. Initially he thought it was something small. But it ended up being a very costly fix. She realized she would have to wait longer to have a washer.
John was woken up by his alarm for work. He decided to hit the snooze button and sleep just a bit more. However, he woke up to a surprise. It was already twelve in the afternoon. John nervously called his boss and explained what happened.
Josh wasn't a very good reader, and that made him sad. He asked his teacher for help, and she said yes. Josh's teacher helped him very much, and soon his reading improved. Josh felt much better about himself, and his grades got better, too. Josh was very grateful to his teacher for helping him.
Jim bought a safe to hold all his guns. He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength. Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened. Then he hit it with a hammer for a long time. Eventually the door popped open.
Jane had 15 minutes left and was barely through the exam. She felt a rush of anxiety and started to panic. She dropped her pencil and closed her eyes. She took a few deep breaths to calm her nerves. She picked up the pencil and returned to work on the exam.
After a night at the bar, my friend wanted to drive home. I insisted we were too drunk. He said I was being over cautious. I decided to walk home on my own. He got pulled over.
Charlotte couldn't believe her luck. She got an A on her math test after she thought she was going to fail. Her studying had really paid off. Next time, she was going to have more confidence in herself. She couldn't wait to show it to her parents.
Greg married the woman of his dreams. But after a year they kept yelling at each other. Greg proposed to consult a couple therapist. The couple therapist helped them over many sessions. Since then they have a strong marriage and are happy.
My wife's boss is married. Her husband Bob has a biological grandchild. Bob's daughter does not let him see his grandchild often. Last week, he got to visit his grandchild, after a year. Facebook photos showed him looking happy.
My daughter is going back to school next week. I am am actually really excited. This has been a very long summer. It has been hard trying to find things to do. It will be a nice break when she goes back.
Martha is cooking for her kids. While cooking she sees her kid outside in trouble. She heads outside to see the problem head on. She rescues her kid from a stray dog attacking her. Martha can do it all.
My sister and I wanted to make pancakes one time. We mixed all the required ingredients into one batter. When we finished the batter, we fried them. They came out great and the family loved them. I hope we make pancakes again soon.
Barry had a terrible night of sleep. He tossed and turned all night and only slept for 3 hours. The next morning, he slept right through his alarm. He woke up in just enough time to throw clothes on and run outside. Once outside he saw his bus drive right by.
Sarah heard a knock at the door. She got ready to grab it. She opened it as the man left. A package was left at the door. She decided to bring it in.
Jill always wanted to do art. She was too poor to get art supplies. She was smart enough to get into the program at school. They let her use all their supplies. Jill became better and was eventually able to get her own supplies.
I tried to make a gingerbread house with my kids. We got all the materials ready. Everything was made from scratch. Unfortunately none of the pieces would stay together. We had fun eating it instead.
Maria had a cold, but didn't want to admit it. She went to work despite being sick. Her boss noticed she was sick and sent her home. Maria had to rest at home by order of her boss. Since she rested, she was able to recover faster.
Jan attended a magician show put on at her school. Normally, Jan does not enjoy performance arts. The magician at the show entranced the audience, including Jan. At one point, the magician pulled a fat rabbit out of his hat. Jan left the show, mesmerized beyond her imagination.
Ellen really wanted another cookie. Her mother told her no. All Ellen had to do was to reach in the cookie jar. When her mom wasn't looking, she did. She pulled out an apple from the jar with a frown on her face.
Dan finished watching the Stepford Wives and was inspired. He kidnapped a woman from a dark street. He lobotomized her while she cried and begged for him to stop. Dan's plan went absolutely perfectly. He feels he now has the perfect, if a bit slow, wife.
Bobby was downloading music to his computer. He was downloading it from a shady site. Bobby began to have trouble with his computer. He had downloaded a virus. Bobby had to bring his computer to an expert.
Zoe has a biology test tomorrow. She has not studied at all. She decided to stay up all night and study. When she got to school, she fell asleep in class. Zoe failed her test.
My family went to the zoo one day. The monkeys were my favorite animal. We spent hours at the monkey house. The zookeeper picked me to feed the monkeys. The next time we went to the zoo the monkeys ran right up to me.
Frank wasn't the best player on his Little League team. He tried hard, but the darn ball was so small! During the last game of the season he was up at bat. He swung at the ball and hit the sweet spot. He had gotten his first home run ever.
A home was robbed in the neighborhood. The homeowner accused Charles, his black next-door neighbor. The police knocked on Charles' door to ask him questions. They wanted proof he wasn't home at the time of the break-in. Charles had posted a picture on Instagram of him with his brother.
Eric had studied hard for his math exam. When the test was handed out he got nervous. Eric started to second guess his answers. He handed in the exam knowing he had done poorly. Eric score a D on the exam.
The teacher came to classes with a disgusted look on her face. She showed us a movie about the book we're reading in class. While the movie was running, she took a nap on the desk. I was confused and yet, I didn't bother to say anything. A lot of the students decided to leave early, including myself.
Amy was ready to buy her first motorcycle. She went to the dealership. She browsed until she found a great bike. Then she filled out all the paperwork. Amy drove her new motorcycle home!
Shanna and her husband could not agree on a boy name. They looked through every book they could find, and couldn't decide. Finally, her mother suggested a family name that had a lot of history. Shanna and her husband also liked another name, and waited to decide. On the day of the birth, they chose the family name.
I saw a water spider in the creek. I tried to catch him. When I did I held him in my hand. He didn't move much as I held him. When I put my hand down he scampered away.
Colbie was toying around with her SD card in her phone. Suddenly she got an error message saying her card was formatted. She checked her phone and realized she was missing important files. Unfortunately an internet search turned up no solutions. Colbie promised to be more careful with her phone from then on.
A button fell off of the man's pants. He tried to sew it back on. The button kept falling off. He asked his mom for help. His mom fixed his pants.
Universal Studios in Florida is my favorite theme park. My Dad and his boyfriend took me there over Thanksgiving. While standing in a long line we played Heads Up to pass the time. My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire. This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories.
Joe was at the airport. He saw a girl struggling with heavy bags. He helped her get her bags on the plane. They ended up talking. It turns out they hit it off and got married a year later.
Today I met Mary at Sara's birthday party. The first hour, we waited for other guests to arrive. After an hour, we were still the only ones there. We called Sara to confirm the location. Sara laughed and informed us her party is next weekend.
Matt got something nice for his girlfriend. She asked him for a necklace. He got her a necklace. He gave it to her. She cried in happiness.
Alice had woken up late for work. Alice only had time to shower, brush her teeth, and get dressed. Alice rushed to her car, and began the drive to work. Alice reached to work, but her coworkers were staring at her weirdly. As Alice sat to her desk, she realized that she did not comb her hair!
My grandfather developed throat cancer. He had smoked pipes for years. He was very sick and bedridden. Every day my mother stayed by his bedside. One morning he passed away quietly.
John bought a new smartphone. John played the new game on his smartphone. The game encouraged people to go to different places. John went to a nearby park her him. John found someone who playing the game and became friends with him.
Sandy cooked a big breakfast for her husband. Sandy told her husband to be careful because the grits were very hot. Sandy's husband ignored caution and dug right in. He spit the food out immediately! Sandy's husband had unfortunately burned his tongue.
Charlie had to cash his paycheck. He got in his car and drove to the bank. He told the teller her wanted to deposit his check. Charlie signed his check on the dotted line. The teller deposited the check for Charlie.
Marcus hurt Krystal's feelings a lot yesterday. She asked him to help decorate the Christmas tree. He put up some decorations, went and got a beer and sat down. Krystal complained that he was lazy. Marcus told her she was fat and lazy and had no excuses.
My mom told me not to snack before dinner. I waited until she left the kitchen and grabbed a bag of potato chips. I ran to my room and ate the chips as fast as I could. She called me down for dinner just as I finished. She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating.
My mom was laid off from her job today. It was not my mom's fault. The woman my mom replaced at work was on maternity leave. The woman will be back at her desk tomorrow. My mom needs to start looking for a new job.
The child was very shy. He acted like he didn't want to talk to us. I beckoned him over with my hand. He came over and said hello. I was so impulsive, I just gave him a hug.
I once saw a wolf. I was walking in the woods when I saw him. He was patrolling the woods. He was so big. I ran home very quickly.
Jude went strawberry picking with his family last weekend. As he had never done so, he spent his time eating the fruits. His mom kept telling him to put them in his basket. But at the end of the day, he had three strawberries there. They were the rotten ones he didn't want to eat.
It had snowed seven feet over two days. They had gotten stuck in their apartment all week By the end of the week the plows finally came. They were so excited to be free. They bow had memories they'd always remember.
Brody and Susan were best friends. Susan had romantic feelings for Brody. Brody was thinking about moving across the country. Susan was scared of losing her friend so she told him how she felt. Brody gave Susan a passionate kiss.
Jocelyn loved the outdoors. She decided to take her kayak out on the lake. She was paddling across the lake when a shadow crossed her path. Looking up she saw a large eagle flying above her. It grabbed a fish and flew away.
Pat took out his wallet to get his credit card. A strong wind blew and a dollar fell from his wallet. Pat ran after the dollar and begged for someone to help. An old man jumped on the dollar and stopped it. Pat thanked the man for his service.
Bob likes to go bowling with his friends. Bob heard that all of his friends won't be able to go bowling today. This made Bob very sad. He decided to go bowling anyway. Bob met a new friend at the bowling alley today, they bowled together.
My car shut down in the middle of the road. I was trying to look around for help. A group of guys walked towards me. As soon as I asked for help, they threatened me. I tried to run away.
Our first trip to Fuddruckers was very confusing. My son wanted the ostrich burger. He got one that was way too big. He tried to put all the toppings on it. He sat down not knowing how to eat it.
Martin wandered through the streets of his old neighborhood. He looked at his old boarded up house. He saw the grass hadn't been cut in some time. Martin walked to the porch and sat on the old swing. He cried silently as he thought of old memories.
Rogers favorite vacation was the one he took in Hawaii. He lives in Montana where there's a lot of snow. Its very cold there most of the year too. He wanted to go where he knew the weather would be nice on the beach. He was there for 2 weeks and didn't want to return to Montana afterward.
Bob went downtown to see the concert in his town. It was called Summerfest and plenty of new bands were playing. Bob loved all the great new music! He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them. Bob was so glad he had gone to Summerfest!
I got new golf clubs today. I went to the golf club to try them out. My round started out poorly. By the eight hole I was playing great. I ended up shooting my best score ever.
Jervis has always loved his neighbors. One day he smells smoke in his apartment building. He calls the Fire Department and tells all his neighbors to run. Luckily everyone is safe from the fire that started. Jervis is happy he helped keep his neighbors safe.
A women's studies professor, Jan taught at an Ivy League School. After years in the halls of privilege, she longed for a new audience. Jan decided to begin work with underserved women in the prison system. Empowerment teaching and role modeling brought needed change to lives. What she lost in academic prestige, Jan regained in satisfaction.
Darla's son was invited to join the school's orchestra. Darla had to sign a permission slip which he accidentally lost. She had to make an emergency trip to the school to sign another. The teacher thanked her for taking the time to ensure his spot. Darla felt appreciated for the effort she had made.
Adam hired a maid to clean his house. But then he caught the maid stealing! He fired her immediately. Then he called her agency and told them what had happened. The agency dismissed the thief at once.
I went to my girlfriend's salon's holiday open house. I was greeted by one of her co-workers who did not know me. I waited in a long line to get a short shoulder massage. Finally when it was my turn, my girlfriend was the one open. I got a quick massage before I left.
Elena walked towards Joshua. Joshua tried to straighten his posture so he would look serious. She gave him a hug and tried to ask how he's doing. He maintained a positive attitude and commented on her looks. She thanked him and walked away.
Ursula was worn out from working too hard. She wanted to get out of the office and rest. A friend suggested she fly to Thailand. Ursula boarded the plane full of anticipation. After a month in the country, she quit her job back home.
One evening, on his way home from work, David ran over a dead skunk. In order to wash off the stink, he went through an automatic car wash. The next morning, David could not open his car door. Instead, the door handle broke right off. David will never again wash his car in the freezing cold of winter.
Sam wanted to join the basketball team He went for the try outs He did very poorly. He was not allowed in the team. Sam gave up on basketball after
Paul was nervous, but excited. He had never played in front of a crowd before. Paul knew an open mic was good chance to get over his nerves. He got up and began to play. The people loved his music and he felt very happy.
Pippa and George loved playing in mud puddles. One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard. They put on old clothes and boots. They jumped around in the puddle for hours. They were covered in mud from head to toe by the time they went in.
Butch, Ramsey and Nash were cowboys. One day, Nash got distracted and lost their cattle. The cattle ran away and were taken by bandits. The cowboys found their cattle and drove away the bandits. The herd was taken to market and the three kept their jobs.
Grace was at home alone on a friday night when she heard her doorbell. She answered the door. Her friend Tom had come to visit her as as surprise. Shannon invited him in offering him a drink. Tom and Shannon watched a movie together.
I heard that my library had a certain new book that I wanted to read. I went to the library to get the book. I could not find the new book on the shelves. Then the librarian found that the book had just been returned. I was happy that I was able to get the book I wanted!
Josh woke up excited to go to the fair. He could barely contain his excitement as his mother dressed him. At the fair, Josh rode the roller coaster and ferris wheel. The best part was when he won a teddy bear by playing skeeball! That night Josh could not stop thinking about how much fun he had.
My girlfriend and I saw The Story of O in 1980. She was several years younger than I. She was fascinated by the movie and read the book. She tried to get me to play the role of Sir Stephen. I broke off the relationship.
Jackson is down at the race track. He is betting on a horse. He puts all his money down on the race. His horse wins the race. Jackson wins big at the race track.
Mary wanted to go on a diet. She wanted to eliminate soda from her diet. She stopped drinking Coca-Cola everyday. She felt terrible after going through withdrawals. Mary felt healthier and more energized after quitting soda.
Michael wanted to change his last name. He didn't feel any ties to it. He began looking at surnames to find one he likes. After a few hours, he narrowed it down. He is excited to feel like he's his own person.
I met JC in a forum several months ago. We started talking about work we did in private messages. Over time, we starting falling for each other. We decided to move in together, having never physically met. We moved across two states to be together.
Larry bought a new bike. He decided to try it out. At first he was just planning on going around the block He was having too much fun. Larry decided to enjoy the moment longer and ride more.
Carl wanted to join a book club. He loved to read but had no one to talk about it with. He arrived at the book club meeting on Thursday. It was all old women and no one his age. He figured it was better than no one so he stayed and loved it.
Today I tried on some eyeliner. I tried on three different colors. I put them on my hand. Ten hours later the colors still stayed. It was exceptional.
Abby has a science test. She forgot to study. She decided to pull an allnighter. When she got to class, she was exhausted. Luckily, her teacher postponed the test.
My dad try showing me the constellations. I had no idea where they were located. When my dad pointed them out I was even more confused. I didn't see a big dipper or anything. I just see random stars.
James loved to watch the neighborhood go by. He would sit on his porch swing and stare. His neighbors would jog by or drive by on their way home. He liked to know where everyone was going. James liked to feel like part of the neighborhood.
Susie noticed a restaurant came to town. She was eager to try it. So her friends banded together to try. When they got there though the line was out the door. So they had to leave.
Will was walking home from work. A man comes up behind him. The man sucker punches him. Will was knocked out. The man stole his wallet.
My best friend is named Kayla. Kayla collects monkeys. I buy her a new monkey for her birthday every year. This year I bought her a pet monkey. Kayla expressed that this was her favorite gift yet.
Matt Thompson liked to play video games. He liked to play them so much, he got his other friends into video gam. One day he told Nick Jones to buy a game. Unfortunately Matt Thompson was an asshole, and never played the game. Nick's still pissed to this day.
Brie enjoyed working on computers. She spent most of her free time taking them apart. She went to school for computer sciences. When she graduated, she had several job offers. She now works to build computers at a large international company.
Today sandy was called into the office. Her boss was going over every report about her production. The report showed that sandy was not doing her work. Her boss decided Sandy needed to be disciplined. He suspended sandy for 3 days without pay.
Mike saw a girl walk into the coffee shop with a group of friends. She was really cute and he couldn't stop looking at her. He built up his courage and walked over to her table. Once she noticed him, he asked her out on a date. She agreed so they settled on a day and time.
Milly was buying donuts. She couldn't decide between chocolate and vanilla. She decided to flip a coin. The coin was heads up. That meant that she chose chocolate.
My roommate is a manipulative sort. He knows I don't have a lot of money for food. So he insists I can have some of his leftovers. But he always eats all or almost all of his meals. I end up getting only scraps from his 'generosity'.
Lily's favorite doll broke. Her mom took the doll and sent it into the company. The company promised to fix the doll. They had to wait a few weeks. Finally, the doll came back in perfect condition.
Annie had been missing for a week. Her parents were a nervous wreck. She had gone missing while walking with a friend. They finally found her at a different friend's house. She was grounded for life!
Adam found a job. He threw a new job party. Everybody had a lot to drink. Adam slept in too late for work. His boss understood.
The tsunami crashed into the village. Many homes were destroyed. A crew of volunteers came to the area. They rebuilt the homes. Another tsunami came and did more damage.
Tom wanted to buy a new vehicle. He thought about his lifestyle and needs. He determined a truck was the best vehicle. He browsed dealerships in person. He found a great truck and purchased it.
I woke up and realized that I overslept. My phone had several missed calls from my boss. As soon as I saw him in person, he didn't bother to talk. He simply said that I'm fired. As much as I wanted to complain, I didn't and left the office.
I had a huge decision to make. He told me everything on a drunken weekend night. It could affect me the rest of my life. I was hurt and angry, but I loved him. I decided not to ever leave, no matter what.
Jonathan took his pet for a walk. He stood by the fire hydrant so the dog can urinate. After several seconds, it broke loose from the leash. Jonathan ended up running across the neighborhood. He ended up catching the dog five streets away.
Ana had stolen a thousand dollars from her and her husbands' safe. She had spent it on drugs. They were planning to buy a home with the money. Now what was to be done? Ana tried to think of a quick solution.
When I was a little boy my dad had a lot of Christmas spirit. One year he hired a neighbor to come over dressed as Santaclaus. He rang the doorbell and I and my brothers answered. When we saw Santa Claus we all began screaming in fear. My father learned not to surprise his children with Santa.
Tim loved Halloween. He moved into a nice neighborhood. He had never gone trick or treating before. Tim decided to try it out. He had great fun and got lots of candy.
Martha had a bad fall. She fell out of a tree when climbing it. It was incredibly painful. She had to be in the wheelchair for two months. After that she was back on her feet.
Dan used to always watch wrestling with his father. Recently, Dan was at a thrift shop where he saw a wrestling figurine. Dan immediately noticed the figurine to be Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan is Dan and his dad's favorite wrestler. Dan could not wait to show his dad the wrestling figurine.
Jim loved to eat sandwiches. Jim went to the kitchen to make one. He pulled out the mayo, the cheese, and the turkey. Jim suddenly realized he didn't have bread. He used a flour tortilla instead and was very happy.
We live in a basement unit in a condo. The basement level contains the laundry. One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door. I called the property manager and he sent an exterminator. Luckily we never saw the rat.
Ike wanted a laptop to take off to college. His parents tried, but they could not afford one. Instead, they bought him a smaller, cheaper tablet. Ike recognized his parents' sacrifice and thanked them profusely. Then he went off proudly to college with his tablet!
Bob just bought a new couch for the living room. The same day his wife Lucy bought a new chair for the living room. The couch and chair didn't match each other. They got into a fight over it that lasted a while. They soon realized it was silly to argue and they kept the furniture.
I needed to make some extra money. Someone said you can make good income from Uber. I signed up very easily. The very next day I started driving. Now I have more than enough to pay my bills.
Susie got a new sweatshirt. It had crystals on it. She wore it everywhere. All the sudden she lost crystals. She was kind of disappointed.
Being an only child is a bummer. You don't have siblings to laugh with. There is no one to blame when you break your mom's vase. My cousin Christie didn't care because she never broke anything. I care because I'm tired of playing alone.
Jennifer is struggling to lose weight. She had tried everything from diets to excessive workouts. She doesn't know what to do. She hired a personal trainer and he gave her some advice. She wasn't drinking enough water to lose weight!
Sam loved astronomy. He was always looking up at the sky. Unfortunately there's too much light in his city. Same drove outside of town for an hour. Once there he could see all the stars  in his sky.
Tabby's funeral was closed casket. The damage from the accident was too severe to display the body. I had seen it immediately after the accident. It was so traumatizing that I blocked it from memory. I still have nightmares about it to this day.
I drove by a bunch of Bush enthusiasts. One grabbed me in my car while I was stopped. He began yelling at me about how Bush was the best. I got very scared. I drove away, but I think I ran over his foot.
I went on a road trip yesterday. I made sure to keep my phone sufficiently charged. Yet unfortunately I was losing battery like crazy. By the fourth hour I lost everything. Thankfully a nice man let me borrow his charger.
For many years I have loved to eat pancakes. The problem is, I could not cook a pancake without burning it. Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes. I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes. I now use my sisters methods and my pancakes are perfect!
Tim was out on a hike. He heard some rattling. There was a snake nearby. Tim thought it was interesting. He took pictures of it.
Fred had to drive to his job. There was snow all over the ground. He was nervous about black ice. He drove slowly. He made it safe.
Jon's grandma showed him her gingerbread creation. Jon was wide-eyed and wanted to taste it. Jon's grandma said the gingerbread house was just for looks. That night, Jon snuck a piece of the gingerbread house. He spit it out, discovering it was assembled with real glue.
Misty made a customer his latte. The customer said it was too hot. Misty re-made the drink. The customer appreciated the extra care taken. The customer tipped Misty five dollars.
The people were hungry for breakfast. They decided to scramble some eggs. They made two dozen eggs in one pan. They all scarfed them down. Eggs were their favorite breakfast food.
There was a small town in Somerset with a strange boy. This strange boy was called Bobby. He was known as the strange boy because of his eating habits. Bobby was locally famous for eating foam cushions. Despite help from experts, he still consumes a cushion every month.
I am a linguist who studies English. I have always been interested in English's deep Germanic roots. I decided to study those roots in Germany for a year. Shortly after arrival I decided that I had made a mistake. There was very little I could do there that could not be done online.
Jamie loved cooking. She was going to grill her dinner. She turned the grill on and waited for it to heat up. She had never used the grill before and wasn't sure what to do. When the grill was hot, she placed the steaks on the grates.
Amy and her dad went to the ice cream shop. She decided she wanted to try something different. She ordered a triple scoop strawberry ice cream cone. Strawberry were her favorite fruit so she was sure to like it. The Ice cream was the perfect treat to cool a hot summer day.
Nate was going to get rid of a hornet's nest. He was trying to decide what to use to extinguish him. Nate opted for a blow torch. He immediately regretted his decision. Nate had to spend two days in the hospital.
Kim caught a caterpillar in her yard and kept it in her room. One day, Kim noticed that the caterpillar was gone from the jar! Kim checked every day until she noticed a beautiful butterfly! She realized the caterpillar wasn't gone, but simply transformed! This inspired Kim to learn more about the life cycle of butterflies.
My friend told me he was a Hindu. I asked him why Hindus pray to cows. He got offended and told me that Hindus don't pray to cows. I started laughing at him and making animal sounds. He got angry and decided to end our friendship.
Hank and his friends went camping in the woods. They all drank water out of a nearby stream and got sick. Hank and his friends still talk about that camping trip. Hank and his friends decided to camp in the same spot again. They all brought their own water this time.
Tameka was in a hurry to get home after picking up her son. She sped up the freeway but stayed under the speed limit. A police officer pulled her over and said she changed lanes unsafely. Next, he caught she had no driver's license and no insurance. Damn, do you have to give me three tickets in one stop, she exclaimed.
Donna's boyfriend was a type one diabetic. This meant he couldn't have sugary desserts. Once in a great while Donna would let him have cake. He loved the special tiny slices of cake she made. The cat also loved them and ate them every time.
Jonas loves smoking cigarettes but he knows they are unhealthy. He decides he needs to quit smoking. At first Jonas has headaches when he doesn't smoke. However, eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK. Jonas is very proud that he has successfully quit smoking.
Joe worked on his novel for three years. After sending his book to multiple companies. One accepted his novel. Joe doubted it was going to be popular. It became a New York bestseller.
The man was rude. The woman took offense. The man apologized. The woman accepted the apology. The two became friends.
It was Ally's birthday. She went with her mother to the store to get cupcakes for her party. There were too many to choose from! She decided on chocolate cupcakes with white icing. They were delicious!
Shelly moved across two states to be with the love of her life. She met him online, in a forum for Mturk. Nobody believed them at first, until they moved in together last month. They are planning to get married and start a new life together. They're happy and content.
Libby wanted to bring her new kittens to school for show and tell. Libby's mom put the kittens in a box and came to school with Libby. The school counselor knew that Libby had depression. The counselor said people with depression shouldn't have pets. Libby's mom took the kittens home but ignored the counselor's advice.
Jim decided to get a credit card. Jim went shopping and used the credit card frequently. Jim spent thousands of dollars with his credit card. Jim realized he was in debt from his credit card spending. Jim cut up his credit card.
Ted went to his mailbox and paused. He sensed that there would be a lot of bills in the box. He built up the strength to open the box. It was filled with bills that were passed due. Ted shed a single tear and began to read them.
Dan was looking for a new door mat. He wanted something that made a statement. Something he felt he could identify with. Finally Dan found the perfect doormat for his house. It simply had the word welcome written on it.
Naomi was heating up leftover soup. She put the bowl in the microwave for a few minutes. When she went to eat it, she realized that it was still cold. She had to try heating it up several times. Finally, it was warm enough to eat after a lot of cooking.
Tad's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy! Tand was so excited! He went right to his garage and started crafting a dog house. He hammered and sanded and painted all afternoon. When his parents returned home with the dog, the house was finished!
The other day I was talking on my cell phone to my friend. While walking through the house, the phone slipped out of my hand. The phone dropped and shattered. I was upset because I loved the phone. Luckily it had a protector on it so it was okay.
Max was downloading a game to his phone. He didn't have enough space to save the game. Max deleted some other games from his phone. Max tried to download the game again. The game finally downloaded.
Recovered from anorexia, Ann wanted to teach about healthy body image. Her college class in advertising gave her the perfect opportunity. She did a presentation focusing on the abnormal thinness of models. Ann highlighted the subliminal messages targeting women and girls. She helped open the eyes of a new generation of marketers.
Dan was excited to see the show tonight. He'd bought tickets to see an Irish folk trio dance. They were all dressed in fancy costumes. Dan was amazed at how synchronized they were. Dan wasn't disappointed in the show.
I got a job at a meatpacking place that paid me twice my old salary. The meat tasted twice as good as other meats. I learned the meat came from cloned animals. I reported my discovery to the top two news channels. I became a vegetarian after the meat packing place fired me.
Sam got a new vacuum sealer. She wanted to try it out tonight. She vacuum sealed her leftovers. She put them in the fridge. Her food tasted just as fresh a week later.
Kay forgot her school papers in her locker. She knew she had an essay to write. But she did not have the paper with the directions! She hurriedly e-mailed her teacher for help. Luckily, he sent her a new copy of the paper.
Megan had recently put up her Christmas tree. She didn't own a topper for it, though. While she was out she saw a pretty one. She bought it and brought it home. Unfortunately it was too tall combined with the tree and wouldn't fit.
When Peggy left for work this morning, she could feel rain in the air. She let her cat up in the house in case it rained before she returned. Throughout the day, the weather got worse and worse. A tornado warning was issued for her neighborhood. After it was over, Peggy found her house and cat in one piece.
Sarah and Heather are identical twins. Heather loves to eat peanut butter but Sarah is highly allergic to it. One day their mom handed Sarah Heather's lunch bag by mistake. As soon as Sarah tasted the peanut butter she ran the nurse's office. Sarah was treated with an epipen and sent home early that day.
Leonard liked writing about mythical creatures. His favorite topic was the mythos of dragons. He wrote about a wyvern that terrorized a village. His story won a local fantasy writing award. Leonard turned his attention to writing about minotaurs.
I went to the farmer's market two days ago. There were two peach sellers at the market. One had big peaches, but the other had small peaches. I couldn't decide between the two, so I bought both. Both peaches were wonderful.
Jim said that he could fit a box of cookies in his mouth at a party. The people at the party did not believe him. Jim tried to prove his point by stuffing many cookies into his mouth. Naturally, he choked on the cookies. The party ended when someone performed the Heimlich maneuver on Jim.
Erin had two cats, Futo and Shoga. Both cats loved to eat a lot and they were fat. Erin wanted to give her cats a treat anyway. She opened a can of soft cat food and put it into dishes for them. The cats came running, and Erin was their favorite human once again!
Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad. She never thought she would win but she tried anyway. The next day she found out she won. Kelly couldn't believe it. Her wishes came true.
Adam was sitting in the chair when his stomach started to growl. He decided to make a midnight snack. He went to the kitchen and fixed himself some cereal. He used a cup instead of a bowl to save on milk. He sat down and enjoyed his cup of cereal.
My friends invited me to karaoke. I couldn't sing so I declined. However, they insisted. I decided to go with them. I enjoyed the karaoke!
Jeff like to take hikes in nature. He took his two dogs with him to the local trail head. The dogs were eager to explore as he set off on the path. The dogs wandered off the path often. At the end of the hike, both Jeff and the dogs were happy.
Ken liked to saute vegetables for his meals. When he cooked, the heavy smoke would set off the alarms. One time it was so bad, the whole apartment was evacuated. Ken felt really embarrassed about it. He uses multiple fans when he cooks now.
Tom was severely overweight. He tried sitting on a friend's chair. The chair broke underneath him. Everyone laughed at Tom. Tom slowly got up and jiggled away crying.
Lisa and Bob were chewing gum. They decided to see who could blow the biggest bubble. Bob's popped just past the tip of his nose. Lisa's covered her whole face! She was the clear winner.
Benny was making farting noises with his elbow. He accidentally smacked a teacher who walked behind him. She teacher fell sharply. When I helped him up, he thanked me. On the other hand, he took Benny to the principal's office.
I just got through the first week of the semester. I received a phone call from my doctor. She demanded that I come to the hospital now. While anxious, I went with my mom to the office. Turns out, I'm a new leukemia patient.
Joe was dreaming about a monster under his bed. He woke up from rustling underneath him. With his heart racing, he got on the floor. He slowly pulled up his bed sheet. His cat jumped out from under the bed.
Wendy was going out with her friends. They went to a dance club downtown. They loved music and meeting new people. They partied long into the night. They stumbled home as the sun came up.
My daughter is Isolde. It is an uncommon name. One day another isolde moved into the building. I called her my other daughter. I still keep in contact with the other Isolde.
Hugo was a decent boxer. It was his turn to go up against the champ. The champ was good at dodging hits. But Hugo tried very hard to beat him. He got a solid punch and a knockout for trying.
Keith was offered a new job in Houston. He accepted the job and moved there. In Houston, Keith was very frustrated with the traffic. His dislike of traffic outweighed the good aspects of his job. Keith decided to quit his new job so he could move back home.
A car was moving slow in front of me. I drove past it with speed. However, the person was mad and accelerated. The front of his car collided with the back side of my car. We drove off into a bank.
Casey had ordered a desk off of Amazon. She was trying to put it together but the holes didn't seem to fit. Upon further instruction she realized the piece was defective. She immediately sent it in for a refund. Luckily she got all of her money back.
One day Izzy took a trip to Illinois. First she visited Willis Tower. Then she went to the Magnificent Mile. Finally she went to Wrigley Field. She had a great time.
Ricky lived next door to an elderly woman. He hadn't seen the woman in a few days. Ricky walked next door to visit the neighbor. He found out she was sick. Ricky visited her everyday while she recovered.
Abe did not like his high school English class. For one assignment he was asked to write a poem. The English teacher was impressed with Abe's poem. His poem won an award in the high school literary magazine. Abe ended up going to college on an English literature scholarship.
The family entered the car. My dad droves us several miles to visit my grandmother's house. On the ride home, the car got a flat tire. We ended up waiting for my uncle to come. He didn't show up until an hour later.
The temperature got cold. Leaves started to die. Frost took over. Plants died. Old man winter finally came to visit.
Me and my friend were watching baseball the other day. Both of our favorite teams were playing against each other. While watching the game we made fun of the others favorite team. Even though we didn't like the same team we still had fun watching. I can't wait to watch another game with my friend again.
James had trained every evening after school. His coach pushed them all to work as hard as possible. They worked in synchronization with on another. Their efforts paid off in the championships. They won the final match 5-1.
Jack found it hard to keep a girlfriend. He kept changing women every two months. He told his friends it was always the woman's fault. But after sixty women, his friends told him to look at himself. Jack refused to take the blame and continued to change women.
I knew a strange kid named Matt in elementary school. Other kids would bully Matt because he was so different. One day I saw Matt being bullied on the playground. Suddenly, Matt took a swing at the bully, hitting him in the face. Matt never got bullied again.
Daniel was a very good worker. He decided that he wanted to go for an early promotion in his company. He showed up to work early everyday, and always stayed late. He was one of the best workers in the company. At the end of the year, Daniel earned his early promotion.
Brian and Mark were never big fans of vegetables. Their parents tried hard to convince them otherwise. They tried different types of vegetables to no avail. Finally they made a dish with hidden vegetables. The boys loved it and acknowledged that veggies could taste good.
James and I decided on going to the beach to soak in some sun. As we ventured out for the walk, we discussed what to eat there. As we went back and forth, we decided on sandwiches at Subway. After getting our Subway, we finally laid on our blankets. We soaked in the sun as we sat there listening to the ocean.
James was scared to go to school. There was a bully who was bothering him. James tried to tell his parents what was going on. They just told him to toughen up. He cried on Sunday night, dreading the school week.
Allie decided to watch over the stuff at the park. Her sister offered to get her ice cream. Allie agreed. But when she got back it was all melted. Allie then had to drink it.
My friend took me out for drinks on my birthday. Since I'm now 21, I never had a drink before. After taking the first drink, I realized that it was disgusting. I ended up throwing the rest of the drink away. We decided to go somewhere else.
Ann brought her kids to the shelter to pick out a puppy. She told them they needed to pick out a small dog. They picked a pup from the litter of a tiny poodle. A year later, the pup was nearly a hundred pounds. Ann discovered its papa was a Saint Bernard.
Gerald was bored on a hot day of summer. Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach. They all went to the beach and played volleyball. In the afternoon, they all had a bonfire. Gerald returned home, happy with his beach day.
Jim had a pair of bright orange socks he deemed lucky. Every time he wore them, his favorite NFL team, The Panthers, won. Once he washed them and the team lost. He had them on for the superbowl but his team lost. He thought maybe his socks weren't so lucky after all.
Growing up as a kid we lived near a pond. Their was a ton of frogs that lived in this pond. One day me and my little brothers caught as many frogs as we could. We brought them home and put them in our little plastic swimming pool. When my Dad got home he was amazed but made us take them back.
Trina received a call from a vacation resort club. They offered her round trip tickets to Hawaii. All she had to do was sit in on a timeshare presentation. She had to wait three months for her tickets. But she had three nights in Hawaii and had a blast one night.
Tom loved the game of basketball. Tom played every day. Tom even played during school. Tom's grades slipped. Tom was then kicked off the basketball team.
Alan was a good cop. He never yelled or used violence to resolve crime. But as crime escalated in his city, he had to change. Over the years, he toughened up. He was disheartened to realize he was a bad cop after ten years.
Perry needed money for lunch. He was still a few days before payday. He had a jar full of change in his closet. Perry rolled the change in wrappers. He was able to buy lunch with the change until payday.
I created a document in Word yesterday. I forgot to save it. At night I turned the computer off. It asked me to save any documents, and I did not. I had to recreate the document this morning.
It was the first snow of the winter. Bob went outside to play in the snow. He made a huge snowman in his front yard. He took pictures of his snowman. Bob was disappointed when it melted the next morning.
My wife retired on August 26, 2016. We had a retirement party on September 3rd. She received several gift cards to restaurants. Today we used one card to go to a restaurant in Brighton, MA. She was happy.
Vince winked at Nicole as he passed her. She went to the HR department and told them what had happened. Nicole explained it made her feel very uncomfortable. Vince was fired for sexual harassment. Vince was immediately snatched up by a politician for his campaign.
Emily was going to her boyfriend's house for Thanksgiving. She was asked to bring homemade cranberry sauce. When dinner was served, everyone took a bit of it. But she noticed that people were taking one bite then not eating it. She tried it and realized it was bitter because she forgot the sugar!
Nadia had just arrived home after school. Her mom was waiting for her with an angry face. She had found Nadia's cigarettes in her room. She lectured Nadia for a very long time. Nadia argued but it was useless and she was grounded.
I opened up my sleeping bag I hadn't used in ten years. I laid it on the floor. Yet to my surprise I found out that the embroidery was ripped. It was totally ruined. Thankfully though, I knew someone who could fix it.
Christmas came around. Co-workers asked what others wanted. One man was not talked to. He didn't get a gift. He decided to forgive everyone.
Tom fed his baby boy another spoonful of banana baby food. The boy wouldn't take the last bite, instead reaching for Tom's food. Tom looked at his own bowl of unsugared grapefruit slices. After making sure his wife wasn't nearby, he let his son lick a slice. When the boy started crying, he had to assure his wife all was well.
Crosby needed new shoes for work but she didn't what was good. She asked her friends and co-workers and they all agreed on one brand. Crosby invited me to go shopping with her to look for them. After a few hours she decided on one shoe specifically. She bought the shoes and we headed home!
Andy recently enrolled in the Army Reserve. Today, Andy was called to complete a physical training test. As Andy began the run with his team, Andy was falling behind. Andy's captain ran to him, and told him to keep up with the others. Andy knew he had to obey the order, or he would get in trouble.
Joey needed more money. He got a summer job. He worked at a coffee shop for 40 hours a week. At the end of the summer he checked his bank account. He had made a lot of money!
Paul and his father loved to go hunting together. They had a special area of a nearby forest they frequented. They decided to take a weekend and hunt in their favorite spot. When they arrived they were told that the area was quarantined. Paul and his father decided to take a trip to Vegas instead.
Suzy was about to head home from class. But all the sudden she saw a protest right outside her door. It was for world hunger. She decided she wanted to join. Suzy protested with them for a few hours.
The woman had been dreaming of going to Italy. She made careful plans and bought a ticket. She was so excited to see the famous sights. She took lots of photos and enjoyed every second of it. She hung photos from her trip all over her house.
Mary like to feed the pigeons on her roof. One day she went up there, but the pigeons were gone. To no avail, she waited all day for them to come back. She left the feed on the roof anyway. Mary went back downstairs and hoped for the pigeons return.
Laura loved ice skating. She was pretty good at it. One day she decided to go to the rink with her friends. She slipped and fell. But luckily she did not truly hurt herself.
Charles noticed a line of ants moving across his kitchen floor. He bought some bug spray but the ants kept coming back. Finally he gave up and called an exterminator. They came and took care of the problem. Even though it was expensive, Charles was relieved.
Two couples were competing over who could find the best deals. The first couple took advantage of Black Friday. The second took advantage of Cyber Monday. When the compared notes, the first couple had one. They also had two black eyes and a broken thumb between them.
James worked in a large office building. One day, while answers emails, he became curious about the company. He began to ask his co-workers questions. One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located. Surprised, the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters!
Paul played a CD of Broadway musicals in his car stereo. When he came to a red light people began to look at him. They heard the show tunes and laughed at the absurdity of it. Paul was not ashamed of his musical tastes. To defy their laughter, Paul sang along with the CD as he drove away.
Joe was trying to make a song. He couldn't find words that rhyme. Sam helped him be listing a bunch of rhyming words. Joe had an idea. Sam and Joe would become a music duo.
James wanted to make Kool Aid to cool down. He mixed water, sugar, and Kool Aid mix in a bowl. He poured some in a cup and took a sip. It was way too sugary for his taste. He added more water and some ice cubes and it was perfect.
Travis was at a theme park. But he forgot his belt. The whole day, he had to pick up his pants as they sagged. Travis had trouble enjoying his trip. But he felt relieved after finding a shop in the park with belts.
Patricia's daughter had head lice. She got it from someone in her third grade class. Patricia went to work the next morning and felt an inch in her head. She kept silent until she noticed two other people scratching. She had spread head lice to everyone at her work.
Tina loved to grow tea leaves in her backyard. One day a friend came over to her house. She tasted her tea and loved it! Tina had an idea to open her own tea shop. It opened recently and is already doing well!
Lyle really needs to wash his car. He goes to a car wash, but doesn't have any quarters. They don't have a way to break dollars into quarters. Lyle gets increasingly frustrated. Lyle vows to wait until it rains instead of washing his car.
Nate was hungry but he had no money. He went to the food court. Many chefs were giving out free food samples. He circled about the food court and took a lot of samples. After eating all of the samples, he was full.
Joey was going to the dentist for the first time. His big brother Sam told him it was going to be really painful. Joey was very afraid as he sat down in the big chair. A nice lady cleaned his teeth and it didn't hurt at all. Then the dentist took a look and that didn't hurt either.
John and Becky separated last year. It's been hard on the kids ever since. They cry every time they have to leave their mom. And then they cry when they have to leave their dad. John and Becky are now trying to repair their marriage for the kids.
Bobby was a manager at a bar. Business had started to get slow. Bobby decided to run drink specials to get more customers. He ran a different special every night. Bobby is now making a profit at the bar.
Mom woke Ryan up and told him there was no school today. It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground. Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman. It didn't take long however, until Ryan was back indoors. The next day, mom woke him up and told him to get ready for school.
Sarah loved ice cream. One day she decided to try a new recipe. She added a scoop of ice cream to her waffles. It was delicious! Sarah immediately published her recipe on her blog.
Carl was eating at his local fast food place. He was talking to his friend how he needed a new vehicle. The restaurant was holding a contest. Carl went to sip his soda and peeled off the sticker. He had won a brand new car!
Sally ironed the shirt. Her son distracted her. She made a burn mark on the shirt. She blamed the son. Her son refused to take the blame.
Robert was busy driving while texting. He isn't paying attention to the road. He reaches a 4 way stop. He Ignores it and keeps going. An SUV crashes right into his passenger seat.
There was a stray cat named Sampson. He was shy, but he approached a stranger one day. That stranger picked him up and brought him home. The stranger took care of Sampson for the next week. Sampson woke up in a shelter the next morning.
Ava needed a root canal badly- she was always in pain. But she was terrified of dentists! Finally the agony drove her to make an appointment. The dentist was very kind when she arrived, and put her at ease. And to her shock, the root canal didn't hurt one bit!
Tom broke his arm. He had to stay at the hospital for a few hours. The staff was every friendly. Everything went by smoothly and he was kept informed. Tom appreciated the hard work and dedication.
Anne needed a coat hanger. But she did not have any. She went to the garage and found thick wire. She twisted it into the shape she needed. Anne made her own coat hanger!
Dahlia had dreamed often of the man of her dreams. She would wonder when he would walk into her life. Then one day as she entered a supermarket, she saw a stunning man. His name was Toby and he instantly swept her off her feet. They began cordially dating, and later married.
Tonight, Phil was going to confess his love to his crush. They were both at a party, and everyone knew Phil was scared. Phil approached his crush with flowers in hand. At first, she was confused, but then, she was happy. She exclaimed that she would love a date with him.
Alicia was curling her hair yesterday. She wanted it perfect. Yet unfortunately she burned herself. Her neck had a large burn. She had to go get aloe for it.
Trina decided to enroll into beauty school. After her first week, she was allowed to cut and dye people's hair. An elderly woman came in, and Trina accidentally dyed her hair pink! Trina apologized to the elderly woman, but she just laughed. She slipped Trina a tip, and told her she made her feel younger.
The economy was collapsing. A lot of people started taking their money out. The banks fell apart. People got scared. The banks scrambled for stabilization.
Allie went to NYC with her friends. She loved having fun in the city. However to her surprise, she got lost. She could not find her way around. Allie finally had to use her gps.
Evan was going to the zoo with his family. They were all very excited for the trip. They arrived in the morning. Then, they saw that the zoo was closed for maintenance. They were all upset as they went home.
Rushing through things causes mistakes. One time,  I missed tightening a nut on a wheel. The driver called and reported a wobbly wheel. She brought her car back. Sure enough,  we had to tighten the nut to fix the problem.
Our daughter is pregnant with her second child. Last week she went for an ultrasound. She sent us the image. We put it up against the first child's ultrasound in out photo album. My wife is very excited.
Sal and Jay went to the park. There, they tossed a ball back and forth. Then they went to dig through the sandbox. They played all afternoon, until storm clouds threatened. Then they walked home hand in hand!
Jason lived at home and brought home a new puppy to his parents house. He begged his parents to let him keep it. His parents agreed as long as he made sure it didn't pee in the house. The dog ended up peeing on the carpet that very same day. His parents ended up making him take the dog back to where he got it.
My coworker Juli is 49 years old. She has never been married. Her last boyfriend cheated on her. Juli is overweight and has low self esteem. We are all worried about her.
Bobby's puppy wasn't feeling well. He decided to bring the dog to the vet. The vet looked at the puppy. He prescribed the dog a couple of medicines. The dog soon began to feel better.
John had eaten too much for dinner. His mom had made his favorite meal, steak and eggs. He had been famished, and he ate a double serving. Now he wasn't feeling well. He went to the bathroom and threw up, and then he felt better.
I found these chips with all these strange flavors. They were sweet flavors like strawberry. At first I thought they looked gross. I bought a bag out of curiosity. They were unexpectedly good.
Jake's parents got him the birthday cake he wanted. They had them sign it to him. Once Jake opened the box he was amused. They had written the wrong thing. Jake still appreciated the gesture and ate it.
Betty had a huge crush on Ben, a boy in her science class. She hoped he'd be paired with her in their upcoming lab project. But to her dismay, the teacher said they could choose their partners! She was wondering glumly who might agree to partner with her. Then, hesitantly, Ben asked her to partner with him!
Paul just got a job working in retail. Paul was nervous because he never had a job before. On his first day Paul received a lot of training. Soon he learned all the ins and outs of the job. Paul became a very good worker and was promoted!
Alex was cooking. He accidentally burnt his finger on a pan. All night his finger was killing him. He decided to run it under cold water. That helped somewhat.
Sally had a baby tooth fall out. Her mom told Sally to leave it under the pillow for the tooth fairy. Sally was so excited she couldn't sleep. That night Sally's Mom took her tooth from under the pillow. Sally was amazed her Mom was the tooth fairy.
I heard kittens meowing outside. I couldn't figure out where they were. The lady across the street came over. She helped me look for them. We found them cowering in a storm drain, missing their mother.
The small child begged her mom for a pack of cookies. Since they were in a public setting, the mom tried whispering to her. However, the child was loud. She ended up beaten by her mom, in front of everyone. They tried to pretend that no one saw anything and walked peacefully.
Drake dreamed of one day becoming a chef. He entered culinary school to pursue his dream. He worked hard for 2 years, training in his craft. After graduating, he took a job at a local restaurant. He was successful due to his extensive training and studying.
Larry hired a new maid. She cleaned well for the first few days. Then, he noticed his jewelry was missing! He hid a camera in his bedroom. The next day, he caught the maid stealing from him on tape.
Alexander didn't like to admit he was wrong. He had made a mistake at work and couldn't take the blame. He tried to pin the mistake on a colleague. But his boss learned about it. Alexander was humiliated and had to admit he was wrong.
Sara was scared to start high school. She thought the students would make fun of her for being Muslim. She even considered abandoning her hijab, but decided not to. On her first day, Sara was surprised and heartened. Her classmates were all respectful and very friendly to her!
Linda wondered why no one ever showed up to her garage sale. She always had plenty of stuff to sell but never much traffic. Then she decided to make signs at every street that led to her. After she did that she received more traffic than she imagined. She now knew how to have a successful garage sale.
Rita was just dozing off. Then the phone rang and woke up her. It was a telemarketer! She yelled at them not to call back. She was so annoyed!
My favorite food is pizza. I enjoy pasta and ravioli, but I will always choose pizza over them. My family thinks I just enjoy all Italian food. They are wrong because I do not like baked ziti. Even though ziti is not tasty, I still enjoy a lot of Italian food.
Matt wanted to go to Germany. He decided to learn German. He bought language books and started reading. It was really difficult. He gave up and decided not to go to Germany.
Carla doesn't like how her stomach looks. She does some research on the internet. She decides on a plastic surgeon. Carla books her surgery immediately. Now she is proud of her body again.
Jackson and Gloria were childhood friends. They had grown up on the same street. They had attended 12 consecutive Years of school together. Then Jackson's family moved out of the state. They never spoke again.
We were all getting tired after a long day at Magic Kingdom. Rachael wanted to stop at the shops on the way out. We headed towards Main Street, but everyone was ready for fireworks. We decided to skip the shopping and head home. We figured we would be able to come back another day.
Abby rushed outside expecting the weather to be warm. However, Abby immediately went back inside of her house. Abby was shocked that outside was extremely cold. Abby checked the weather and saw it was 25 degrees, in July. Abby was upset that the cold weather messed up her summer day.
Ericka enjoyed going to restaurants, but she liked to save money too. She found a coupon for her favorite restaurant. She went there for lunch and ordered a burger. When the bill came, she was nervous about the coupon. The restaurant accepted the coupon and Ericka saved a lot of money!
Tom always liked working with his hands. He tried to build furniture. He decided to build a dining room table. It took him months to complete. Tom was incredibly proud of the end product.
An old English church was falling into disrepair. The vicar held a fair to raise money to fix it. He had games, and rides for the locals to enjoy. Many people came to the fair and had great fun! The vicar raised enough money to restore the whole church.
Carl was playing videogames with a friend. His friend was a sore loser. Carl kept letting him win. At one point Carl beat him. Carl's friend became visibly upset over it.
Gene loved to have his grandchildren over. He just hated the night time. It was hard to put them to bed. He made grandma put them to bed. Now they are always well behaved.
Tom moved to a different school when he was in 7th grade. He thought it was going to be worse than what it actually was. He liked his new school and made twice as many friends. He also discovered a new passion at this school, theatre. Moving to a different school ended up being satisfying.
Mom had people over for my father's birthday. She was making all of the food. She was cooking for eleven people. Sadly, she ended up burning the main course. So we decided to order pizza instead.
I love orange juice. However, it gives me heartburn. One day I decided to drink a lot of it despite this. Afterwards, I had the worst heartburn I've ever had. Now I drink orange juice only in moderation.
I collected some data. I needed to figure out its distribution. I decided to use a Cullen-Frey graph. The graph suggests the data had a gamma distribution. Alas, it was actually a uniform distribution.
Sara got invited to her prom, but she couldn't afford a dress! All the other girls were shopping at boutiques. Sara saved up $15 and bought a gown secondhand at a consignment shop. She wore it with her head held high. And everyone at prom complimented her lovely dress!
Our family went to church last Sunday. We all woke up early. We had to dress up nicely. Once there the service lasted an hour. It wasn't that bad and we went out to eat after.
Eric was enjoying a lazy Saturday afternoon at home. The TV was on and he was watching some cartoons. During a commercial break, he ran upstairs to get a pen. Taking the the pen and a notebook downstairs, he began to draw. Instead of watching the cartoons all day, Eric drew his own.
Ashley featured in her first movie last summer. She was really proud. So when the movie bombed hard, she didn't know where to hide. Everyone she knew was going to see it. But to her relief, everyone complimented her anyway as they loved her.
Elmer was going on vacation. He was taking his family to the beach. They had a great time but spent a lot of time in the sand. Elmer and his family returned home. He had to clean all the sand from his car.
Lucia found a lottery ticket printout on the ground. The drawing was scheduled for that evening, so she idly tuned in. She hadn't expected to win, but she did! She matched 4 of 5 numbers and won $600! It was the luckiest find of Lucia's life!
One year I was very late to school most days. I had a hard time waking up on time so I couldn't walk there in time. I told them I was always late because of a medical reason. They didn't believe me and required a doctor's note. I tried harder to wake up on time after that and wasn't late again!
It was Emma's first day of kindergarten. She was excited to start school. Emma was also nervous that she would not know what to do. Emma's teacher was very nice and helped her feel more comfortable. She had a great first day!
Gwen wanted a bikini to bring to summer camp. Her mom tried to coax Gwen to get a practical one-piece. Gwen prevailed and packed the bikini for camp. At the lake, she was thrilled to be the only girl in a daring bikini. After diving off the platform, Gwen saw why a one-piece made sense.
Jesse and Kenny were in a cooking competition. They bother were to make the best dessert. Kenny desert turned out burnt. Jesse's turned out not that much better. Neither won the competition.
One day Stacey got a pet rat. She named it Presto. She started teaching him tricks immediately. He became very good at it. Stacey and Presto bonded immediately.
Carly was at the fair with her mom. They were walking through the crowd when they got split up. Carly couldn't find her mom anywhere. Finally, she decided to go find a worker. They asked for her mom over a speaker, and the two were reunited.
My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone. I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit. I went though all my old chargers to see if any worked. Both of us could not find any that matched his phone. As a result his phone rant out of power.
Shane had given up for adoption Years ago. Once he grew up he searched him out. He found him through social media. Shane agreed to meet with him. They had lunch and it was awkward but cathartic.
In 2014, my family had a baby shower. My wife and her sisters were invited. My wife asked me to record the LLWs game. However, our vcr broke down. We got DVR service the week after.
The man was hungry and went to the cupboard. The only thing he had was a tin can without a label. He took it to the counter to open. The can opener sliced away the can's top. The man looked inside and found yams.
Bob's car broke down in the middle of the road. As he stood there waiting for help, he had an epiphany. His car had brought him nothing but trouble and pain. As soon as it ran, Bob took it into a lot and sold it. He bought a motorcycle and is happier than he ever was with his car.
The morning of an important test, Cara and her mom had a car accident. She spent half the day in the emergency room with her mom. Cara was worried about missing the test, so she talked to her teacher. Her teacher said it was okay and these were extenuating circumstances. Cara was allowed to take the test at a later date, and she passed.
My boyfriend surprised me yesterday. When I came home he had cooked dinner. There were flowers on the table. He even lit some candles. He can be so romantic.
Lexi needed a haircut. But she was reluctant to go. She stared at her long hair in the mirror. And thought of how long she has been letting it grow. Lexi cried on her way to the barber shop.
The girls took a vacation every year together. This time was no different. They chose a spot and reserved a hotel. However, when they got there, they didn't have a room. Come to find out, their card had been declined.
Tim was going out with friends. He spent a long time trying to fix his hair. Unfortunately it kept looking bad. At the last minute Tim cancelled his plans with friends. He claimed he was sick but it was due to the hair.
The family had arrived at Disney World. They immediately got in line for the new ride. They waited over an hour. It was the best ride they'd ever been on! They had a ton of fun at Disney.
Robby was a Rastafarian. He lived with a strict code. He recently broke his vows. He went against his code. He is no longer a Rastafarian.
Dave loved to write. He wrote for hours every day. His friends would complain they never saw him. Dave finally finished several books. They sold really well and now Dave has a lot of money and fame.
Sara woke up late for school because her alarm didn't go off. At breakfast she spilled her cereal on her lap and had to change. When she stepped outside the wind pulled her homework out her hand. She got out of her mom's car at school she stepped in gum. Sara got to her desk and read the words pop quiz on the board.
Bill decided to take a walk in the park. While talking a stroll, he heard a weird noise. Upon investigating, he found out it was a bird with a broken wing. He took it home to take care of it until it healed. The bird still visits Bills home to thank him every week.
Sue had a puppy she loved. One day it ran away. Sue was so sad. One day her dad said Sue I have something for you. It was a new puppy.
Fred has been married to his wife for 20 years. Lately things haven't been the same. Fred is unhappy with the marriage. They decide to give counseling a chance. Counseling didn't work and they get divorced.
I bought a new drum set the other day. I have been playing them a lot for the past few days. All my neighbors have been complaining that it is too loud. They called the cops on me the other day. I'll have to be more careful when I play the drums now.
Colton had a decaying tooth. He went to the dentist to have it extracted. The dentist told him not to drink any soda. Colton only drank soda though, rarely water. After a couple days he was worried why his pee wasn't yellow.
Bill goes to visit his grandparents. Bill and his grandmother decide to go for a walk. When they come around the corner there is a giant moose in the road. He stares at them for what seems like forever and then walks away. Frightened, the two turn around and go home.
Timothy heard a weird noise in his house upstairs. It was a low buzzing sound. He worried that a bug might be inside. He decided it was too consistent to be a bug. It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs.
Dina was a server at a restaurant. She was bringing a tray of drinks to a table. A small child ran in front of Dina. Dina began to stumble. She dropped the drinks all over the floor.
Mark had detention for skipping class. Detention was going so slow because Mark kept looking at the clock. Mark decided to try with all his might to stop staring at the clock. He focused on studying for his test on Tuesday instead. Before Mark knew it, detention was already over!
The bear ran through the snowy wood. He got his foot caught in a hidden trap. A kind woodsman walked by and heard the bears calls. He approached carefully and cautiously feed the bear. The bear ambled off into the wood once more.
Rose always set her phone on the open window sill to charge. The window was often left open and sometimes it would rain. Her phone was at the usual spot when it started to rain. The open window let the rain soak her phone. Rose was upset to find her phone all wet and broken.
The kids couldn't sleep the night before. They stayed awake all through the night. Finally, as dawn broke, they woke their parents up. They ran downstairs to eagerly open presents. Santa had been kind to them this year.
James and Dominic woke up in bad moods. They spent the morning arguing. Their mother made them go outside. James pushed Dominick in the mud hole. Their mother decided it was time for them to go back to bed.
Daisy was laying on the floor one day. Her human mom called her name and she went running to find her! Her mom had a yummy and delicious treat for her. Daisy's mom made her do tricks to get her treat. Once she had her treat, Daisy swallowed the treat whole!
It was the last hole of the tournament. Gary was two strokes behind the leader. He went up to swing the ball. The ball landed in the hole on the first shot. This made Gary win the tournament.
The kids were up way past their bedtime. They were sneaking around the house. When one moment they heard footsteps. The children turned back around and hurried back up the steps. It was too late, their dad was waiting there for them.
Tom wanted to go to a concert. He asked his mom for ticket money, but she said he must earn it. She gave him a list of yard work and chores to do. He was sad, but Tom diligently did all the work on the list. Then his mom purchased him a ticket to the concert!
Tanya was working on Mturk. One day she luckily caught a twenty dollar job. It was for writing a small article about Hooters. She was working on it when she realized that it was about to expire. Luckily, she finished in time and the hit paid really quickly after.
John was skateboarding at the skatepark. He liked to go off the ramps. This time he went off the large half pipe. When he landed his skateboard cracked and he twisted his ankle. His friend was able to give him a ride to the hospital.
Lauren recently broke up with her longterm boyfriend. She was motivated to make herself a better person. She was a runner in college, and decided to train for a half marathon. Lauren woke up early nearly every day to go for a run. Within a few months, she achieved her goal!
The boy got out of the shower. He wrapped up in a fluffy towel. He dried off quickly. Then he hung the towel back up. His mom hated when he put clean towels in the washing machine.
Jimmy lived in a neighborhood with a lot of kids. He would play baseball with his friends everyday in an old lot. One day Jimmy was asked to pitch for the first time. He was nervous pitching against the best hitter in the neighborhood. Jimmy struck out the big hitter easily.
Ann had been with Fred for a little while. She assumed that the two of them were together. But when she asked him about it he said no. Ann was so embarrassed. She had already told her friends so she had to retract her statements.
Mary was at her friend Ellen's house. All of a sudden, a huge animal ran in. Mary thought it was a pony! It was Ellen's dog, a Great Dane. Mary didn't know a dog could possibly be that large.
A month ago, I thought we were going to have to put our dog down. She could no longer walk because of her severe arthritis. We took her to the vet, who put her on some medicine called Dasuquin. I'm amazed at the wonderful change in her! She is now running and playing like a puppy.
Judy was going to see a movie. She arrived at the theater and tried to buy a ticket. That's when she realized that she had the wrong time. She had to decide whether or not to wait. Finally, she decided to just see a different movie.
A couple wanted to go to a concert. They brought their kid. The show ended up being really loud. The family packed up. They went home.
Jim was a very quiet boy. But one day another student mocked him on the playground. Jim punched him hard in the jaw! He told the teacher that the other student had hit him first. Because he was so quiet, the teacher believed Jim's lie.
Tim got a job as a cashier. His first day was rough. His drawer was 30 dollars short. Tim tried really hard that week. After a month he was the best cashier at his job.
Hank walked up to a large fountain. He needed good luck so he decided to toss in a coin. He reached into his pocket and pulled out several coins. Since he was in dire need of luck, he threw them all. The coins mad a big splash that pleased Hank.
I got up from a nap feeling very hungry. I walked into my kitchen and began to look for a snack. Suddenly I saw a rat running through my cabinet. I closed the cabinet and quickly called an inspector. After the inspector arrived and killed the rats, I felt very happy.
I was waiting for the school bus. For some reason, it was late. After thirty minutes, it hadn't come so I decided to run to school. When I got to school the teacher gave me detention for being late. I tried to explain but she extended my detention for trying to argue.
Tom smoked a lot of cigarettes. He often tried to smoke inside. One day he fell asleep with a lit cigarette in his hand. It fell and almost caused a fire. Tom still kept smoking, though.
I was looking for a new car. I found a lot, but the price was too much. I wanted a car right then, but decided to wait. 3 months later I found something great. Patience is key.
Yesterday on the hiking trail, Lisa lost her dog. She kept calling for her dog and no answer. We all looked everywhere for the dog. Finally at the end we found the dog by the car. Thankfully we were reunited.
After the twin tower attacks, my boyfriend was sent to Egypt. He was to stand guard on the border. I feared greatly for his life. He was gone for over a year when I got the news. He had passed away, and would be sent home soon.
Cathy loves Christmas Songs. Cathy is ridiculed because she listens to Christmas music all year. In fact, Cathy's favorite Christmas song is Jingle Bells. Cathy cannot wait for Christmas time to hear music everywhere. Cathy is proud to be a lover of Christmas songs.
The rent money was due last week. We didn't have it in time. We're avoiding phone calls. My husband says he'll get money soon. I hope we don't get evicted.
From the age of six Juanita knew she loved to compete. She was on the local swim team and was very successful. Her best events were the backstroke and the butterfly. She broke records and won many championships but was always modest. Juanita went on to win multiple olympic gold medals swimming.
Dan's mouse froze in his window manager. He'd just plugged in an audio cable but didn't think it mattered. Dan used another system to try to figure out the problem. After many failed attempts, he switched the mouse's usb port. Dan's mouse started working again without him having to reboot.
Brian worked hard all summer during his break. He worked full time while his friends were out enjoying the summer. At summer's end, Brian had saved up enough money for a trip to Mexico. He went on a week long trip to Baja California Sur. When he came home from the trip, he felt enriched from the experience.
Gabriela's class was doing a fun assignment. Each of them were given a pen pal to send letters to. Their pen pals lived in completely different states! Gabriela was very excited for the project. She began writing a letter as fast as she could.
My dog came home sick. I think it ate some rotten food. I took it to the vet. The vet gave it some medicine. He is a lot better now.
My son loves fruit snacks. He eats a box a day. I decided to try to make my own. I am saving a lot of money making my own. I am thinking of starting a business selling my fruit snacks.
I got an email from a friend the other week. It was very nice to hear from them so I was pleased! I replied right away and asked them how they're doing. They replied the next day and said they were doing good. The email was a very nice surprise so I was very happy with it.
Peter felt a burning sensation on his tongue. He opened his mouth and scraped his tongue quickly. A red fire ant fell out. Peter screamed and went to get a glass of water. His tongue swelled up huge and he couldn't speak for days.
Gina was in detention. She saw girl she knew named Mary. She waved to the girl who waved back. The teacher scowled. Gina moved to the desk close to Mary.
Scott bought a new computer game. He started to install it. Scott was having trouble installing the game. He read the packaging and instruction manual. Scott's computer didn't have the right operating system for the game.
My youngest nephew came to stay with us for a weekend. He taught my youngest son lots of new words. He showed him some next and interesting gestures. Finally, he gave us all a tutorial on tantrum throwing. I was elated to see his parents come and pick him up.
Jerry was running late to work. One more time and he would be fired. He always walked to work. He borrowed a bike from his neighbor. He made it to work on time.
Sally made a dozen cookies to bring to her church meeting. When she arrived, all the other members had also brought cookies. Sally tried some of the other cookies and liked them very much. But she was very sad to see that no one tried any of her cookies. So she spend some time to pray when the meeting was over.
One day Amy was checking the television guide looking for a show. Amy decided to watch Home Alone. It had been 20 years since Amy first saw the movie. Amy found the movie less amusing than when she first saw it. Amy decided it was ultimately a movie for kids.
The dog snores when he sleeps. Sometimes, he snores quite loudly. One day, he snored so loudly that he woke himself up. He sat around and looked at us all angrily as if we had done it. The next time he started snoring, the cat slapped him.
Kevin's band wasn't earning much money. But he wanted to play music for a living. He reluctantly tried playing his music on the sidewalk. And he earned more money than he expected. He drew large crowds and became more and more popular.
I really wanted to stay up late for a party. I decided to take a long afternoon nap. When I woke up I was ready to stay up late and have fun. I didn't go to bed until four in the morning. The next day my entire sleep schedule was messed up.
Anna decided to paint her living room. She bought a bright blue paint. She hesitated before painting, thinking it was too bright. But after she painted, she realized she loved it! Anna was glad she'd gone with her gut instinct.
Yesterday I received a huge box of door handles I had ordered. I opened it to reveal beautiful, shiny new handles. I carefully removed the old, ugly handles from my doors. The new latches and striker plates do not fit the openings on the doors! I must fix the new parts so that the doors close properly.
Kelly accidentally broke her mother's favorite vase. She blamed it on her little brother. When her mother came home she yelled at her little brother. Kelly was ashamed that she lied to her mother. Kelly apologized and admitted to the truth afterwards.
Boris has always dreamt of seeing New Mexico. He saves his money to make his big dream a reality. Finally he flies to Albuquerque, New Mexico. He enjoys the weather and food very much. Boris has truly had the trip of a lifetime.
I went shopping for some food yesterday. We had very little in the house. I had a very long list of things to buy. I think I remembered to get everything I needed. It cost me a lot of money.
Once i was practicing CPR for lifeguard training. I remember feeling guilty. We practiced finding where to put your hands. I felt like I enjoyed that too much. I confessed it to the girl later.
Jake was excited, he was going to get a new dog today. He went with his family to the shelter to look at the dogs there. He saw a small white dog that kept looking at him. Jake had to have him. They went home with the dog and Jake named him patches.
A strange man comes into a bar for a drink. The bartender tries to cut him off when he's had too much. But the man tells him that he is dying. The sympathetic bartender keeps serving him and then gets him a cab. Later the bartender finds out that the man left him 500k in his will.
Sarah was a teacher. She did not have a good day at school today. Her advisor told her to pay more attention to her job. It made her pretty upset. She went home and cried.
Allie went on a trip. She went to the Rocky Mountains. Allie had a great time. She camped out for a long time. Then she went back the year later.
Sue saw a strange bag. So she told the adults about it. They took it seriously. So they issued a fire alert. And the whole place was evacuated.
I wrote out how I wanted my funeral to be. I wanted choirs, praise dancers and preachers. I also wanted a gold coffin. I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money. I changed my will to include cremation services.
The boy jumped on the top bunk. He lost his balance. He fell to the floor. He hit his head. He screamed out in pain.
Al brought Amy some roses on their first date. He was unaware that Amy was allergic to roses. Amy's face swelled, and her skin broke out in a rash. Al felt horrible, took Amy home, and apologized profusely. On their second date, Al brought Amy daisies and antihistamines.
Tom was working out at the gym. Tom noticed that someone was using improper form doing presses. Tom asked the person if they would like a spotter to assist them. Tom advised the person that poor form can be dangerous without a spot. The man thanked Tom, and they are now workout partners.
I wanted to make chicken curry. I went to the store and bought ingredients. I brought them home and got a recipe. I cooked the ingredients to the recipe. I enjoyed my meal of chicken curry.
Ned was invited to be on a panel of judges. He would be judging the models in the town's annual fashion show. Ned heartily agreed! He found it hard to judge since all the models were so beautiful. But he still greatly enjoyed his experience in the judicial world!
Jon was trying to knock Henry out. Henry threw a quick uppercut, but he missed. When Jon saw and opening, he knocked out Henry. Henry was unconscious for several minutes. When he woke up, he couldn't recall anything.
Amy had been in junior high for a week. She had met quite a few people. But she still had no friends in her lunch period. Amy talked to a girl while in line to get food. The girl and Amy decided to eat together since they were both alone.
Simon eats oatmeal every morning. He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar. One day he runs out of brown sugar. He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead. He likes the honey, but thinks brown sugar tastes better.
Tim was crying because his kite was stuck in a tree. His dad Dan hadn't climbed a tree in 20 years but decided to try. Tim gasped as his dad almost fell from the tree. Dan was able to catch himself and continue his climb. Tim was elated when his father handed him his kite.
Tom was eating pizza. He accidentally dropped it on the floor. Tom thought nobody was looking. He picked it up and kept eating it. A friend saw and ridiculed him for it excessively.
Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon. They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby. Alyce and Chris sat and talked for many hours with their friends. They ate and drank and played catch that summer afternoon. When the sun began to set they grabbed their things and walked home.
Susie was in science class. They were playing a game. Whomever won got a prize. Susie ended up winning. Thankfully she got the prize.
While on her way to school Mary's backpack broke. Her books fell all over the sidewalk. She decided to go to the mall the next day. While searching for a new bag she found a very beautiful one. The new bag is much stronger and she receives many compliments.
May felt sad about the homeless person. She gave him money but still felt like it wasn't enough. She gave him clothing but it wasn't enough. May realize the only way to help him was to direct him to a shelter. May wanted to help other people so she volunteered at the shelter.
Ana was eating at a diner. She had ordered a sandwich. The bread on the sandwich was moldy. Ana got a refund on her sandwich. She had lost her appetite.
Adam's muffler began dragging when one of the clamps broke. The noise of the rattling and scraping was irritating. Also, Adam knew it might cause the muffler to fall off! He untwisted a wire coat hanger and made his own makeshift clamp. It worked well, and Adam was proud of his handiwork!
Tom decided download random movies. He stumbled upon a cartoon. He did not think he would enjoy it. He downloaded Aladdin. He grew to love that movie as an adult and watched it many times.
Addison likes ferryboats. She takes one to work every day. Yesterday, a ferryboat caught on fire. Addison got to shore safe but she was scared. Addison has decided to take her car to work instead.
Joe entered a yoyo tournament last winter. He was quite doubtful about his skills when he signed up. He ended up training for an entire month. He won the contest after winning a tiebreaker. He went home with a gold medal.
Tim wanted something special for Christmas. Something he never had was those sausages you would see. Always around Christmas time they would display them. One year his kids surprised him. They gave him 5 differents varieties for Christmas.
It was my son's first birthday. I cannot believe how fast it has gone by. He is getting so big. He got a smash cake for himself. He loved it.
Hank wanted water. But he noticed that he already had a bottle of water on his desk. He remembered that he didn't finish it the day before. He didn't want to waste it. So he decided to drink the day old water.
Tom was a shallow person. He felt self conscious about his small calf muscles. He called a plastic surgeon. He later visited the surgeon and had surgery. He loved his calf implants and felt better about himself.
Jane decided to bake bread. She was great in the kitchen. She bought all the ingredients for pumpkin bread. She followed the recipe perfectly. Her bread turned out great.
Ian ordered a kid's meal at a fast food restaurant. But he wanted a girl's toy instead of a boy's one. So he told one of the cashier. She gave him the girl's toy with an odd look. And Ian happily played with his pony toy.
Tony was walking home at night and wanted a shortcut. He passed by the cemetery and decided to cut through it. Walking through the gravestones at night began to creep him out. He began to hurry as he heard footsteps behind him, but he tripped. Laying on the ground, he saw it was a police officer following him.
Isabel is doing a marathon run. She made it through two miles. She then passed out on the floor. She had to be sent to the hospital. She was alright though.
Ken forgot to take a bath yesterday, and didn't change his clothes. Since he was waiting for his mom, he stood outside on the couch. As soon as she got out, she noticed the shirt we wore yesterday. She asked why I'm wearing the same clothes and if I took a bath. Although I tried to lie, she wouldn't believe me.
Ellen always hated carrots. Even seasoned with brown sugar, she disliked them. Then she tried fresh, crunchy carrot sticks. The sweet crunch appealed to her. Ellen found that she loved them!
Marcus had a good eye for shoes. He knew where to buy them cheap and of good quality. When Matt's shoes got ruined in the mud, he took care of it. He bought him a better pair of shoes. And only asked to keep his favorite spot for shopping a secret.
Jen adored nailpolish. She got a lot of it for her birthday as well. One day, she realized she had no more nail polish. She quickly went to the salon and purchased more nail polish. Now she has a lot of nail polish again.
The Allen family really wanted to get a dog. Last Saturday, they decided to visit their local shelter. There were so many dogs to choose from! One dog in particular seemed to love the children instantly. The whole family fell in love with the sweet dog and took him home.
Lisa had many dolls. One day, she decided she would buy another doll. She rushed to the store and found a very big doll. Lisa spent a lot of money and purchased it. Now, Lisa has a very big doll at home.
Allie got some hemp. She went to the store to get it. Then she cut it. She made some bracelets. Then she gave them to her friends.
Ella was at the pool. She decided to try a high dive. She climbed up the diving ladder and onto the board. Then she took a deep breath and leapt. Ella's dive was perfectly executed!
Claire was painting her nails. As she was polishing her last nail, her cat came running. It hit the bottle and knocked it over. The bottle spilled all over her white carpet. Claire now has a huge blue stain on her carpet.
I walked to the grocery store to buy some food for the week. Along with other things, I bought a gallon of milk in a plastic jug. As I was carrying my food home in a paper sack, the bottom felt damp. When I got home, I discovered that the jug had sprung a small leak! I had to pour half of the milk into another container to save it.
My brother and I played Mario Bros. I beat every level before he could. He tried to get me down by poking me. I ignored him until I finished the last level. He punched me in the arm for winning.
One day a dog found its way to a girl playing in her yard. She petted the dog and then went to get it some food. The dog ate all the food hungrily. Because the dog did not have a collar the girl decided to keep it. The dog and the girl were inseparable after that day.
The brothers took an acting class. They worked on everything together. They thought they would get the same grade. One of the brothers got a better grade than the other. The one with the better grade teased his brother.
Jim needed to make a quick hundred bucks. He decided to scour Craigslist to find an opportunity. He saw an ad for a job that paid exactly one hundred bucks. He drove to the jobsite. He posed for ten photos for an ad agent and was given a hundred bucks.
I loved trucks. I decided to become a truck driver. I applied for truck training classes. I got my CDL license! Finally, I got a job as a truck driver!
Ron went cold with dreadful certainty. The scat in front of him definitely belonged to a bear. He heard it, before it saw it, rushing towards him. Ron leaped out of the path of the raging bear and lay very still. After what seemed like an eternity, the bear finally went on its way.
Stephen was shopping at the local garden center for some flowers. He ended up buying some gardenia seeds for his wife. He went home and planted the gardenias in his backyard garden. They grew after a few weeks and his wife loved them. Stephen felt accomplished and bought more flowers.
Ben submitted his rough draft to the teacher. The teacher made corrections to the paper. Since his paper had so many mistakes, she didn't have grade it. The paper flew in the tash. Ben was confused when she teacher said that his paper was lost.
I fired up the grill to make turkey burgers. The turkey meat smelled a little funny. I cooked the patties anyways. My brother ate them first, he was fine. I tried them and ended up sick for three days.
Clara bought a cactus sapling from a store. She planted it in her yard. For many Years the cactus did not grow. However, after 20 Years the cactus had grown quite large. It now stands watch in Clara's front yard.
John wanted to go to the movies. John did not have too much money for the movies. John asked his grandmother for some extra money. She took the money out of his allowance. John enjoyed his time at the movies.
Tom was on vacation. He wanted to try some local foods. Everything he ordered was kind of gross. Tom only wound up liking a couple of things. He was disappointed with the experience.
Jack loved to watch people skate at the skatepark. He wished he could skate as well as them. Jack eventually decided to get his own skateboard. He learned how to do tricks very quickly. Jack became one of the best skaters at the skatepark.
Kelly was pushing her cart through the parking lot. Suddenly, the bar slipped out of her grip. The cart went rolling down the lot. It crashed into someone's car. She was mortified and waited to give the owner her insurance info.
Tim was a wrestler his entire life. He decided to get into mixed martial arts. He had to train more than just wrestling. After a while he liked striking more and more. He started knocking people out.
Rita bought a brand new car. She still has her old car sitting in her driveway. She doesn't know what to do with it. She read about dealerships buying used cars from people. She checked it out and got over a thousand dollars for her old car!
Hank played guitar for a local band. They often did local concerts for fun. At one concert, a fan tripped over his guitar cord. The fan caused about $500 damage to the equipment. Hank sued the fan for the costs for the band equipment.
Neil had seen many countries in the Middle East. He decided to see Qatar too. He thought it would be similar to other countries he had seen. But it had its own unique culture and history. Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar.
I've always wanted a big pick up truck. Everyone kept telling me it's unrealistic. They said I would spend too much money on gas. They all told me to get a small car. I've always done what I wanted so I bought a truck.
Dior was a struggling college student. He was eating rice everyday for dinner. Dior began applying for jobs everywhere he could. He ended up with three jobs offers. Dior accepted all three offers and now eats a more balanced dinner.
Chad had to renew his driver's license. However, to Chad's surprise, he had to pay some tickets. What was even more surprising, was the cost of the tickets. Chad had to pay over $2000 in speeding tickets! Chad was furious at the price he had to pay for the tickets.
Matt really wanted a new video game. He didn't have enough money to buy it. He decided to try making money online. It took him several months, but he eventually earned enough money. He bought the new video game and was very happy.
Cheryl had a headache. She took some Tylenol. An hour later, it was not better. She took a nap. She felt better when she woke up.
I was hungry one day while driving. I decided to stop at a fast food drive through. After placing my order, I drove up to get my food. When I received my order, I noticed the food was all squished. I brought the food back to the store and they replaced it for free.
Last October there was a terrible storm-all the trees had leaves yet. It snowed heavily, weighing down the leaves and breaking branches. Many power wires were knocked down all over the city. It took several weeks to get power on again. My own house lost power for six days!
Tanja is exhausted after a rough day at work. She is also very hungry. Tanja thinks about all the food she could make for dinner. After considering all the options, Tanja decides not to make anything. She pours a bowl of cereal with no remorse.
Ashley sat at the bar listening to the music from the stage. She got up and began to dance and sway. Deciding it best she made her way up on the stage. Ashley stood up and leapt beer in hand confident she would be caught. Ashley hit the floor hard and the bottle knocked out her front teeth.
Alejandro has never been to a zoo. His boyfriend surprised him to a trip to the zoo on his birthday. Alejandro got to see so many animals he has never seen in person. His favorite animals were the otters and elephants. Alejandro cannot wait to go again.
Irene was taller than George by five inches. She was so proud, she kept making fun of him. When George grew up, he towered her by four inches. Irene tried to put on some high heels. But whatever she did, she never got taller than George again.
Once a summer we usually go to the beach. We like to play in the sand and the water. We also have fun on the boardwalk playing arcades. We stay until the sun goes down. Then we always have to go home.
Paige sat down and prayed for a miracle. She hoped her baby brother wouldn't die from his illness. Slowly, he recovered in the hospital. Paige prayed again, thanking God. She knew it was divine providence that he made it out alive.
Kenny listened to music on the internet. He let the program pick the music for him. It picked a song he had never heard before. He listened to it, and found that he loved it. Now he listens to the song every day.
Sally was jogging along the beach one morning. She noticed a seashell partially buried in the sand. An ocean wave started to wash the seashell away. Sally reached for the seashell just in time. She decided to keep the seashell for her collection.
Dizzy had to take piano lessons every weekday. His instructor made him play a lot of classical music. Dizzy hated playing classical music. He eventually got fed up and told the teacher he would play no more. He considered classical music to be background music and nothing more.
Kate's class was keeping a caterpillar. Everyday they would feed it leaves. One day they couldn't find their leaves. The janitor thought they were trash and threw them out. Now they had nothing to feed the caterpillar.
Frankie was riding his bike home from school. He always got off of it to walk it across the street. As he was walking he saw a car coming right at him. He dropped the bike and ran, the car destroying his bike. The guy driving felt so bad, he wrote Frankie a thousand dollar check.
The kids couldn't find anything to do. THey were very bored! Their mom told them to play outside. They all complained about the heat. They laid in the shade and talked.
Adrian met a girl on an online dating app. His friends made fun of him for the way they met. The two met and quickly fell in love. After several months, he asked her to marry him. Adrian now has a beautiful wife!
Dave made flavored seltzer waters for drinking. He tried to come up with a new flavor. He already had lemon, lime, and orange. But one day he got an awesome idea for a flavor. The Pumpkin Spice flavor did not sell well.
Everyone attended class on the first day. Hannah carried her small dog with her. The teacher immediately noticed. He kicked her out since dogs were not allowed in class. She walked away with an attitude.
Daisy was a young girl who found herself in a loveless marriage. One day, an old flame reentered her life. They spent some time together over the next weeks and fell in love. Daisy's husband found out about the affair and was furious. Daisy divorced her husband and married her old flame.
There was a couple who went shopping. The man was getting anxious. He told the wife to hurry up and go home. The wife didn't listen and they stayed out two more hours. When they got home there was a big fight.
We had a lot of mice in our office building. The exterminators put out sticky traps. One day we caught a bat in the trap. We think it came in through an air vent. The bat was dead and we disposed of it.
Beth loved working at her desk. She always had a candle lit next to her. In the fall, she chose a pumpkin candle. The smell and warmth made her feel productive and cozy. Beth bought lots of candles so she would have enough.
Trina loves to knit scarves. She trades her scarves for all kinds of things. Sometimes she gets food, clothing, or skilled work. Trina wishes she could replace money with her scarves. It's her dream to open a knitting store.
Francis went to a tropical island over the summer. While he was there, a storm came and there was a lot of flooding. Francis was stuck outside with nowhere to go. To avoid the water, he had to climb to the roof of a building. He was stuck on the roof until a helicopter came and picked him up.
Bob was hiking in the forest. Bob was stung by an angry bee. Bob was allergic to bees. Bob immediately hiked out of the woods. Bob went to the emergency room to get treated.
Michael came from a small farm in the middle of nowhere. But he dreamed of becoming a famous pianist. He was good at playing piano, he left for the big city. There, he studied intently with the best teachers. When he was done, he went home and taught piano to the local kids.
Kayla loved hosting parties. She would make sure every detail was perfect! It was a special holiday for Kayla's religion. She invited all her friends and family for a party. She loved celebrating with the people that meant the most to her.
My daughter's childhood friend Lori just got an apartment. She was thirty and had been living at home. Lori was excited as the building was new and near Fenway Park. Sadly, she could not afford the rent and is vacating in a few months. My daughter said Lori always had trouble managing her money.
Jim had an overhead fan. It had been wobbly for a while. One night it was worse than normal. It eventually broke a blade off. Jim had to finally replace it.
Sarah was excited for the 5K run on Sunday. In the morning she ran before work. At night  she ran with her dog. The day of the race was cool and sunny, perfect for running. Sarah ran her best time in the race and can't wait for the next one!
Max heard about a contest for student writers. To win, you had to write a great essay about schools. Max decided to write an essay and send it in. He was thrilled to hear that he had won. To his surprise, the prize was new computers for his school.
Alice had very long hair. One day, she decided to get it cut. She was nervous because she'd never had short hair before. The whole time she was in the barber's chair, she was nervous. However, when she saw her new short hair, she loved it!
John and Jana were getting married. They didn't want to make a huge fuss or spend a lot of money. Instead, they had a small party in their backyard. There were a few downsides, like a lot of bugs. Still, their wedding was beautiful and memorable.
Charles didn't want to be an exchange student. But his mother made him take a class in Mexico. When he stepped off the airplane, his contact was not there. He started to take a one hundred and fifty dollar cab ride. But his contact showed up and took him to campus.
It was late at night and I was on my way home from work. The car suddenly started shaking. I got out to see the tire was flat. I opened the trunk and changed the tire. Once the tire was changed I made my way home safely.
Michelle and her family decided to go snorkeling one summer day. She was a bit fearful since she had never been snorkeling before. While Michelle was looking at fish a huge dark figure swam near by. Filled with fear thinking it was a shark she quickly swam to shore. When she looked back she could see a seal.
Tom was trying to play online. His connection kept lagging. Tom noticed everyone else in his family was using the internet. They were streaming high definition videos. Tom knew he couldn't ask them to stop.
The baby's arm was out of socket. Her mother claimed she caught her as she fell off a bed. The doctors didn't believe the woman. She was very indignant. As an adult, the girl found out her mother had indeed done it on purpose.
Tom loved playing with his Yo Yo. He wanted to enter a competition. He went to the shopping mall. He saw a sign up for a competition. He entered the competition.
Needing a snack, I walked to the kitchen. I looked through the refrigerator. I grabbed the package of humus and some pita chips. There were not enough chips for a serving. I put the humus back.
Mary spilled her wine on her new expensive carpet. She was devastated because it made a huge stain. She then cleaned it up as best as she could. She went online to order stain remover and found a good product. She ordered the product and crossed her fingers it would work.
Aya wanted to add some spice to her pasta. She shook in some cayenne flakes. Then she added fresh habanero peppers. But the pasta turned out to be much too hot! Aya decided to add much less pepper next time.
My family's old barn collapsed one night. We were out working one day cleaning it up. There was a large section of board covered in rusty nails. Someone stepped onto the boards and got stabbed by the nails. We had to take them to get a tetanus shot right away.
Gordon bought a car from a friend. They both worked on restoring the car. After the friends restored the car, they took it to a show. Gordon and his friend decided to start a business. The friends now restore cars for a living.
Paul knew he liked boys, but he was scared his mom wouldn't love him. So he pretended he just had bad luck with girls. His mom worried for his happiness, seeing him sad and lonely. Finally Paul came out, bringing a boyfriend home for dinner. His mom was so happy to see him happy, she cried!
Hallie is so small compared to her siblings. Her older brother made her so mad. She decided to get even. She went up to her brother with a hammer in her hand. Upside his head she went with the hammer.
Lester was frustrated his dog wouldn't listen to him. He started to hit it with a stick. A bunch of burly guys on the corner saw what Lester was doing. They took Lester's stick from him and beat him with it. Lester doesn't hit his dog with a stick anymore.
I cut myself shaving yesterday. I used a stinging stipple pen to stop the bleeding. It was surprisingly effective. I don't know why more people don't use them for cuts elsewhere. I think I shall spread the word about this thing.
Ken lived in the country. He raised chickens in his backyard. The fence to pen the chickens was broken. Several of Ken's chickens escaped. Ken had to hurry to fix the fence.
My new husband walked in while I was washing clothes. He looked at the piles on the floor as I sorted. He informed me that he didn't want his clothes mixed with ours. I was very confused and a little hurt. He explained that it was how it was for him growing up.
Tobo Bobobo got out of the car and heard an explosion. He turned to look at the natural gas plant engulfed in flames. His work was finally done, he'd become a terrorist. Unfortunately for him, he was bad at it. Tobo was tackled by 5 people and arrested.
Nick was driving on the road when he saw a dog get hit by a car. He immediately stopped to help the severely injured dog. The driver who hit the dog just sped off. Nick drove the dog to the veterinarian's office. The veterinarian fixed the dog by performing emergency surgery.
The Conrad's were a family of 5. They lived on the island of Oahu and loved it there. So they never felt the need to go on vacations anywhere. But one day they all decided to take a vacation. They booked a hotel in Waikiki and had a staycation for a whole week.
A class met together. The teacher asked for suggestions. One student suggested a field trip. The teacher agreed. They went to the aquarium.
Kia's teacher died from a heart attack. She went to the funeral with the rest of her class. She cried during the service, but so did everyone else. Afterwards, Kia walked up to the casket. There, she sadly wished her teacher goodbye.
Carter came home to something on his front porch. It was a phone book. He didn't realize they even made them anymore! He immediately took it to the recycling bin. What a waste of paper!
Erin and her sister were riding their bicycles. Her sister, laughing, started to race ahead. Erin strived to catch up. She finally surpassed her sister just as they reached home! Erin and her sister enjoyed their impromptu race.
Gina's mother wouldn't allow her to keep a stray dog. But she let her keep him in the yard for the night. Gina sat outside and talked to him. The dog stared at her face eagerly. Gina's heart broke to think she had to let him go.
Maggie was leaving her house. On her front porch, she noticed a red paper. On the paper was a love note. She was confused and didn't know who it was from. Then, her neighbor appeared and admitted that he had left it.
My friends and I did not know what to do for our friends birthday. We sat around the living room trying to figure out what to do. We finally decided to go to the movies. We all drove to the theater and bought tickets. The movie turned out to be terrible but our friend had a good time.
Jill was riding her mountain bike. She tripped over a twig in the grass. She bent the back wheel of her bike. She had to carry her bike home. She was able to get a replacement wheel the next day.
Michelle and her grandmother visited the Red Sea. Walking along the shore they found an orange jellyfish. Michelle ran towards it but grandmother quickly told her to stop. Grandmother explained to Michelle that some jellyfish are stinging. Instead, they simply snapped a picture and continued their stroll.
Joe was excited to go trick-or-treating with a gang of boys. If the boys got cheap candy, they threw it on the ground. Joe wanted to fit in, so he did the same thing. When they finished, Joe headed home. He saw unwanted candy strewn around his own front door.
The boy was walking up the street. He seen a dark item on the road. He decided to get closer. He found out it was a drum. He took the drum to the pawn shop and sold it.
I was bored. I decided to play with some matches. I accidentally set someone's house on fire. I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson. I learned that I shouldn't play with matches.
Tom was going on a road trip with friends. They had only been driving for a few hours when they broke down. The engine was completely shot. Fixing it would take weeks and lots of money. Tom and his friends had to cancel the trip.
The chicken was entirely too spicy that they bought for dinner. They tried to eat the chicken anyway. They needed a lot of drink, because of how spicy the chicken was. After eating the chicken they both had a stomachache. Because of the stomachaches they decided never to eat spicey again.
I fell in the bathroom an hour ago. I am hemiparetic and cannot use my left arm. I was able to get up by scooting onto a bookcase my wife emptied. Today, I bought a set of therapy steps. Hopefully I will not have to use it.
James was feeling a bit cold outside. There was a tear in his winter jacket. James went to the mall to buy a new jacket. He found one on sale for only $20. James wore his new jacket on the car ride home.
Danny went eat at a local diner. Halfway through his meal, he got an emergency phone call. Danny rushed out of the diner. He forgot to pay for his dinner. Danny remembered and apologized and paid for the meal the next day.
Bradley was at a show. He wanted to meet the band after. After the show, he waited outside for 3 hours. He ended up seeing the band. He got all of their signatures.
Tom was in a lot of debt. He was desperate for money. He took out a loan and went to Las Vegas. He gambled it all away. Tom committed suicide shortly after.
Kenneth loved ketchup more than any other condiment. But one day he realized how many fake ingredients there are in it. So Kenneth decided to create his own brand of ketchup. His brand ketchup would be made with organic, all natural ingredients. Kenneth now proudly sells Kenneth's Ketchup at local grocery stores!
In school, other kids would ask why I don't look like my parents. I told my parents what the kids were asking me. Awkwardly, my parents told me that I was adopted at birth. I was shocked and didn't quite understand. My parents went into detail, and I've been comfortable ever since.
Anita had always wanted long glossy hair. But hers was thin and didn't grow very quickly. Then Anita's friend offered her a suggestion. Following advice, Anita began taking vitamin E capsules. In under a month, she had longer, shinier hair!
Sean was sleeping when all of the sudden he heard something. He thought it was a ghost. He screamed for his dad. His dad came running into his room. His dad soothed him and he went back to sleep.
Jerry wanted money for a new video game. He decided to mow lawns in the neighborhood to make money. He made enough money to buy three games! He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money. He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game!
Sandy loved supper time. Sandy got the opportunity to tell her parents about her day. In addition, Sandy got to eat food that her Mom cooked. Sandy loved sitting at the table with her family together. Sandy loved supper time, as it was the best moment of the day for her.
Little Barry saw a rainbow one day. He was excited! He headed out over the meadow to follow it to its end. But when he got there, he was let down. There was no pot of gold anywhere!
Fiona walked outside in the woods. She found a large wild blueberry bush. Fiona ate three handfuls of berries. Fiona looked in the mirror when she got home. Her lips and teeth and tongue were blue!
The dog was thinner than ever. The cancer was obviously too far along. The family decided that it was time. They all went together to the veterinarian's office. Together, they said goodbye to a member of their family.
Mike and his mom went cherry picking. The cherries were too high for him to reach. So they went to grab a ladder. But when he went up the ladder tipped. Even though he wasn't hurt he was very scared.
Tammy and Fred were married a year ago. Fred has two teenage children from a prior marriage. His kids resent her for breaking up their home. Fred seeks counseling for the family. Tammy, Fred and the children have a long way to go.
Brian loved his iPhone very much. Brian's friends all used android phones. The friends all played android games with each other. Brian was jealous. Brian got rid of his iPhone and got an Android phone instead.
Jan was playing tennis. She was about to hit the ball when she missed. However, the missed ball hit her in the head. Jan thought she was okay but got dizzy. The doctor diagnosed Jan with a slight concussion.
Kaylee and her family visited their cabin on the lake. They were all having a wonderful time fishing and relaxing. Suddenly, a bad storm came out of nowhere! The family hid in the cabins basement until the storm passed. Afterwards, everyone was okay and there was no damage.
The drink was large. She took a taste tentatively. She laughed, saying it tasted like lasers. He smiled knowingly and hugged her. Together, they drank their energy drinks and went to work.
Aileen jumped over a puddle. She landed on the very edge of the puddle. Her shoes got wet inside. She took her shoes off. She carried her shoes home.
Dale woke up unable to produce a sound. He panicked as he had to speak at a big meeting that day. He drove to the doctor to see what was wrong with him. He was diagnosed with laryngitis. When he went to work, he had to skip the meeting.
Mickey was bored. He gathered up some friends. When they were all together, he suggested they play basketball. They agreed and broke up into teams. Then, they played for the next hour.
Greg had several racing games. But he didn't have a racing wheel. So he saved up his money and bought an expensive one. Initially, it was quite fun. But after a week, he never used it again.
When the Anthony reunion invitations went out, everyone came. All guest arrived the following day. In the afternoon, everyone went skeet shooting in the woods. After they ran out of targets, they went back to their camp for lunch. They remained there for the rest of the day and told stories at night.
The man mixed a drink. It tasted very good. His friend asked for one. The man made his friend a drink. His friend gave the drink it's own name.
Faye decided her career path would be a beautician. She called around and found a good school. She attended the school and studied hard. She was at the top of her class in all subjects. Faye now has her license and is seeking employment.
Maisie was supposed to take pictures with her family. She was trying to keep up but felt really sick. Her mom had only booked the photographer for one day though. Maisie was forced to try to hold still for a few more pictures. Luckily they managed to get one great one.
Lisa was going to a rock concert. The moment she walked in, it was a disaster. Lisa was pushed and shoved around. It was so suffocating, she had to walk away. Lisa did not want to go there again.
Frank found out his wife was having an affair with another man. He followed the man to his house. He confronted the man on his front porch. The man apologized sincerely. Frank and the man became friends.
I'm working in the yard today. I am picking up all the random sticks. I'm going to build a fire. That way, I can cook these hot dogs. I don't want them to go bad.
Erin had her piano recital coming up. Erin told her teacher how nervous she was about performing. Erin's teacher told her to practice as much as possible. Erin took her advice and practiced every evening. Erin nailed her piece at the recital!
In 2014, I read the complete Mahabharata. It was 6,000 pages long. It took me two months, at 100 pages a day, to finish it. After I finished I bought Ganges River water online. I proudly showed it off on Snapchat.
Ruth has a big secret. She is living her life as a lie. She wants to come out to tell her parents she is gay. So one evening she sits them down. She tells her parents she is gay and comes out of the closet.
One night my father took me fishing. I had never been late night fishing and was particularly excited. Just about an hour into it I see two huge snakes coming towards me. So my dad runs in front of me and starts hitting them with his pole. The snakes swam off really fast, soon after, we left.
Every year me and my mom take a family trip. Last year we went to Vegas and this year we decided to go to miami. We thought we could save a few bucks and drive, without a tune up. By the time we got to Georgia our car was a lemon. Smoke was coming out the hood and we drove on two flat tires.
Amy loved designing hairstyles and makeup. Her mom worried that this fashion focus wasn't ambitious. But then Amy announced her desire to attend cosmetology school. Amy's mom was relieved. She was glad to know Amy had a plan for her future!
Kelly was given an engagement ring. Kelly wore it to work the next day. Kelly's coworker got jealous. Kelly's coworker stole the ring. Kelly never got the ring back.
Eli trudged through the forest looking for naughty polluters. He found them in a glade where they were cutting down a tree. Eli lectured them on the damage they were doing to the environment. The group all laughed at Eli and threw rocks at him. One of the rocks hit Eli in the face and broke his glasses.
Macy always wanted a sister. But then her mom had a baby girl. The baby cried all the time. Macy realized she had been wrong. She wanted to be an only child again!
Ana was convicted of a minor crime. The judge sentenced her to community service. Ana had to work at a soup kitchen for ten hours every week. She learned a lot from speaking to the kitchen's needy patrons. In the end, And felt glad that she'd been forced to work there.
Jen drove into the highway. There was plenty of traffic, including a road blockage. The traffic cleared up after 1-2 hours. Since Jen got to work late, her boss was mad. He rushed her to continue working on their project.
Kyle bought 2 dozen eggs at the supermarket. He forgot about them for 2 weeks. After two weeks he remembered the eggs. Kyle needed to cook the eggs before they went bad. For his next five meals he ate scrambled eggs.
My wife and I have a small bed. When we got to sleep we would often fight over the cover. After a while she came up with an idea. We bought covers for a much bigger bed. Now we have plenty to spare but she still gets it all somehow.
Tim liked to play pool. He challenged Sam to a game. Sam agreed to the challenge. He practiced every day. Tim lost the game to Sam.
Linda lived in Baltimore during the riots. She had her convenience store damaged by looters. Linda put on a mask and decided to be a vigilante. Instead, the protesters thought she was one of them. They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name.
Benny was home alone. He heard a loud crash upstairs. Benny decided to see what happened. There was a mouse knocking things over. Benny was relieved it was just a mouse.
Timothy wanted his dad to build him a tree house. So they found the biggest tree and started working. It took days but they finally finished it. Timothy climbed up the ladder with pure excitement. He missed a step and fell to the ground breaking his arm in two.
Carl went to a new barber for a haircut. The barber began to cut his hair. Carl wasn't paying attention to the barber. The barber made a mess of Carl's hair. Carl wore baseball caps until his hair grew back in.
Dan has a food trap between two of his back teeth. He uses a plastic toothpick with a small brush after every meal. Since he has it out, he runs it between every pair of teeth. His dental hygienist surprises him by giving him a compliment. Your teeth show that you floss better than any other client.
I woke up at noon on Saturday. I put on my favorite TV show. After a while I went and grabbed a snack and coffee. I sat in front of the TV eating and drinking all day. At around midnight I went back to bed feeling fulfilled.
George was looking for a ride to work. His car had just broken down on the side of the road. He couldn't catch a break. He called for a taxi but nothing. Then a polite stranger stopped and helped george out.
Mary works as a marketing executive at a company downtown. She's very good at her job. Her boss noticed how good she's been doing. Mary was called into her boss's office. Mary was promoted to Marketing Manager!
Charles was in love with Marlene. But he would not admit it to her. He thought he was too poor to take care of her. But Marlene liked him and was jealous of girls he talked to. Marlene posted a video of her kissing a guy to make Charles jealous.
Julian had never been on the subway. It doesn't seem like much, but to Julian it was a big deal. He had always loved seeing pictures of the subway. He got on board ready to embark. He smiled as the train zoomed through the underground tunnels.
Tammy was riding on a boat with her friends. They had been drinking a bit but were driving slowly to be safe. Suddenly, her friends got rowdy and decided to start speeding. Tammy was scared and warned them to stop. Unfortunately they didn't and their boat crashed into a rock.
Tom didn't have many friends. He watched a lot of television. He had already watched everything he wanted. Then he heard about a new series he wasn't aware of. He started binge watching that too.
Sampson was a strong and ferocious Rottweiler. One day, a neighbor girl jumped the fence into his yard. Sampson chased her and the girl screamed, fearing attack. The dog jumped on her and pinned her to the ground. Instead of biting, Sampson licked her face and wagged his tail.
Chad was having insomnia trouble. He decided to try natural remedies. He started taking melatonin. Every night he took a capsule. Soon he was sleeping well once again!
Billy and Luke told their mother they could do the corn maze alone. They were smart enough at 7 and 9 years old. But after an hour, they were still trying to find their way out. Fortunately a group of older kids showed up. They followed behind them to get out of the maze.
Ken wanted to grow a beard. He went a month without shaving. Ken's girlfriend didn't like Ken's new look. She told him to shave. Ken shaved his beard.
In my Spanish Phonetics class we had to do a project. There was only one student I was hoping not to be paired with. Sure enough I was paired with him. Like I thought, he scarcely did his part for the project. Because of that project I had a B in the class.
Jacob was a smooth walking gangster. He roamed the streets at night looking for troubled. On a cool black night, he found what he was looking for. The board game sat on the curb unopened and un-wanted. Jacob had finally succeeded in his life goal.
The lady quit her job. She took out a loan. She started her own business. The business was a success. She franchised the concept.
The ship captain stood on the top deck and looked over his boat. He saw that there was a loose board on a lower deck. The captain ordered a crew member to fix it. The crew member refused to do this. The captain had him thrown in the brig.
Joe wanted to join The Army. He told his father and his father was upset. Joe took the entrance exams to join. He was not able to pass and was not permitted to join. His father was happy his son was not joining The Army.
Gary's dog was a mess. He barked and drooled a lot. Gary came home and the dog jumped up on him. He had drool dripped from his face. Gary yelled and brushed the drool off of him.
Alex was a skinny boy. All the other boys made fun of him. He bought a weight set. Every other day he worked out. Soon Alex wasn't so skinny anymore.
Eve bought new shoes to wear around the office job. She walked from reception to the first meeting of the day. Her boss greeted her with a handshake and complimented her shoes. When she went for his hand he gave her a static shock. Eve said she'll never wear those shoes to work again.
Jill was baking a big pot of beans. She knew her hungry husband was looking forward to them. Everything was cooking really nicely but it needed time. Jill left it to cook while she took care of some chores. Unfortunately when she returned her beans had burned on the bottom.
Alex likes to drive fast. His mother warned him to drive more slowly. Alex ignored her advice. One day Alex received a ticket for excessive speed. His mother no longer lets him drive her car.
Nina had an asthma attack in school one day. She groped for her inhaler, but she had forgotten it! She started to panic. But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth. Luckily, another girl had had an inhaler in her purse!
I saw this really large limo the other day. It was a bright black color. I thought maybe there may be someone famous in there. I tried to peek inside. I could not see anyone.
Mac and Dennis were roommates. They really annoyed each other a lot. Mac was secretly in love with Denis. One day Mac wrote Denis a love letter. Denis was so horrified by the letter that he killed Mac.
Truman loved to play the trombone. Unfortunately, Truman did not love to practice. He had to get ready for an audition to play in a great band. Truman's parents and teachers reminded him to practice every day. He played very well for his audition.
Nicole read about soapmaking and decided to try it. She gathered all the ingredients after reviewing the instructions. It went well at first though soon she started experimenting. Her experimentation did her grand project in. She was left with bowls and trays full of unusable sludge.
Cara is going to be a big sister! Cara is going to have a little brother. Cara is very excited for her little brother. She will be a big helper. Cara is a good big sister.
Pat loved classic cars. He always wanted to rebuild a 68 chevy pickup truck. After Years of searching, he finally found one in his price range. He went to pick it up realized how much rebuilding really had to be. It didn't matter thought Pat got his truck.
The man listened to music. He liked the song. He sang along to the song. His wife did not like the way he sounded. His wife told him to let the artist do the singing.
Patty had a whole bunch of oranges. She was really thirsty. She put them in a juicer. She drank the orange juice. She shared with her friends.
John really wanted to win some carnival games. He was tipsy off of beer so he was really confident. He tried really hard to win but couldn't win any of them. At the end of the night he finally won one! John was really excited and hugged his girlfriend.
After a rough day of work, Jessica decided to make cookies. She went to the store and bought all the ingredients. She mixed together butter, flour, chocolate chips and more. Jessica felt like she simply couldn't wait for them to finish baking! After ten long minutes, she ate a warm cookie and felt much better.
Donald liked Mexican food. He opened his own Taco Truck. He drove it to a big festival downtown. The line wrapped around the block. Everyone heard about how good his food was.
Susie was working at a clothing store. It was the holidays and they needed her. She was supposed to work extra hours. Susie did not mind. But then she found out there was no overtime pay and she was mad.
Jim and Marcella were adopting a child. They stood on the porch impatiently waiting. The social worker's car pulled into the driveway. A beautiful little five year old boy hopped out of the car. Their son had finally arrived.
Patty was a Navy officer who was in charge of many men. She showed enormous courage when her team was flanked. She personally saved the lives of ten men. Patty was unfortunately fatally wounded while saving her men. She received many military medals and honors with her burial.
Duncan liked playing with his sister's dolls. His parents were a bit worried. They sat down and had a talk with him. Eventually he agreed that sharing was best. Now he asks before he plays with them.
Ted went to the store. He was going to get himself something special. He looked at a variety of items, when he spotted some pajamas. He bought them and drove home. He slipped them on and felt content with his purchase.
Andrew made a plate of spaghetti and walked toward the table. His mom warned him to be careful with the plate. Andrew wasn't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor. His mom was upset that he didn't listen. Andrew had to clean up the mess and was sorry he had upset his mom.
Cheyenne had a toothache. Her mom took her to the dentist. The dentist told Cheyenne she had a cavity! The dentist repaired the cavity. Cheyenne is more diligent with brushing her teeth.
Jim's grandfather had been sick. His family decided to put him in a home. Jim's grandfather was feeling blue. Jim started to visit his grandfather several times a week. Jim's grandfather started to feel better.
Carrie woke up early today to see the sun rise. She took a packed breakfast and walked to the tallest hill. As the sun's first rays rose above the horizon, she smiled. She sipped her coffee and watched the colors in the sky. She decided then and there that she would do it again, tomorrow.
Wanda's daughter wanted a special doll for Christmas. Wanda couldn't find the doll in any of the stores. After checking the internet, she was able to find it. Wanda decided to buy it. Wanda's daughter was ecstatic when she opened the gift.
Alex had a holiday concert. He was playing the violin in it. He got dressed in his uniform. Then, he went to the auditorium. There, he performed for two hours.
My mother has an old game system. She played it very rarely. I asked her if I could play it. She told me that it was too old for me to play. I played it anyways.
In the 10th grade, Gena decided to skip school without leaving campus. She hid in the journalism room through the first half of the day. During lunch, she went out to the central campus. She sat there, talking with friends before hiding in the agri building. She stayed until her dad went to work, then she walked home.
Sue could not get her son to eat vegetables. So in the summer, they planted a garden together. When the vegetables were ripe, they harvested them. When she served broccoli from the garden that night he ate it all up. Finally she knew how to get him to eat healthy!
Sam knew the snow storm was bad. He still decided to go to the store for some beer. Along the way Sam's car spun out of control. It slid into oncoming traffic and was hit head on. Sam died on the way to the hospital.
Gina went to the store to buy bottled water. She pushed her cart to the water aisle. She filled her cart and went to the checkout. She paid for her water and headed to the parking lot. Gina loaded her water into the car one gallon at a time.
Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town. He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary. His favorite song is called The Old Rugged Cross. Last Sunday his wife surprised him with a party for his birthday. We all sang The Old Rugged Cross instead of Happy Birthday.
Sean was on his computer. He saw a competition from a soda company. He entered, and was asked to design a Christmas sweater. Then, he waited. He ended up winning the sweater!
Joann and her wife had their wedding scheduled for October 10th. A few days before the wedding, Joann got cold feet. She wanted to call the wedding off. Her best friend Tyler convinced her to go through with it. They ended up getting married on that day.
Jim was a not a good cook. Everyone at his job thought he was though. He was secretly putting msg into his foods. His boss found out. His boss fired him from work.
Jennifer was quick to take opportunities when they came. She jumped on board immediately when work asked for her help. She stayed long hours into the night finishing a big project. And didn't take her weekend off to polish it. When Monday came, she received a big bonus and took her vacation.
I bought a new external hard drive. It was large and green. I was careful hooking it up. I started downloading a ton of new games. It's going to take all week for them to load.
Tim needed a bank. He couldn't choose. He kept passing by many while he was driving. He chose BB&T. He went in and made an account.
Tay was having a yard sale. She needed the money to get her car fixed. She feared that she could not raise as much money as she needed. But many people came to her sale and bought items. After the sale she had made more than enough cash!
Jelly wanted to make a handmade gift. So she decided to make a hat. The hat looked beautiful. She handed it over to her sister. Her sister absolutely loved it.
Felix wants to make his apartment more romantic for his girlfriend. He decides to buy some candles. The convenience store near his house has reasonably priced candles. Felix buys some and lights them just before his girlfriend arrives. She is very impressed with how romantic his place feels.
In 1997 Apple Inc was failing. They were on the verge of bankruptcy. They secured a 150 million dollar loan from Microsoft. Today they are the most valuable tech company in the world. Their net worth is around 700 billion dollars.
Joe's barber was trimming his hairline with an electric shaver. All of a sudden he sneezed. The razor cut a stripe through Joe's hair! The only thing he could do was shave the rest down as low. It was the worse haircut Joe ever had.
All of the people in my house like the game Borderlands. Unfortunately we only had two computers and there were three of us. We spent a while occasionally tinkering with spare parts. Eventually we combined two broken PCs to make one working one. We all really love playing Borderlands together now.
Bob had a job interview coming up. He'd let his hair grow a bit long. He asked his friend Ana to cut it for him. She gave him a hideous looking bowl cut. Bob wore a hat to his job interview.
I usually sit on the easy chair at 10 pm. Yesterday our cat went under the chair. She was afraid of thunderstorms. I decided not to sit on the chair, but sat on the sofa. I did not want to scare the cat.
James had a very big computer. He loved to use it a lot. One day, it stopped working. James had to rush to the store. Finally, James got his computer fixed and it worked.
Sarah was typing an essay on her laptop at the library. All of a sudden, her laptop started to play a YouTube video. Everybody from the library could hear the video from her laptop. Sarah immediately closed her laptop. She ran out of the library after feeling embarrassed.
Bart was hungry from not eating all day. He wanted a snack. Bart ended up eating most of his snacks. He wanted more snacks to consume. After sometime, he realized he was full.
Dan and his family were very poor. He would often skip school to pick peaches with his dad. Dan would stand by the road and sell them to motorists. One day a man took pity on him and paid $1000 for a single peach. Dan was so happy and his family was able to live a little better.
Driving down the road Dave saw flashing lights in his rearview mirror. Dave turned on his caution lights and slowly pulled over. Officer Peterson walked up to Dave's door. He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead. Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe.
My brother was born very sick. One day he got so sick he had to go to the hospital for a long time. We visited him often. He and I would play lots of card games together. My brother is in heaven now with the angels.
My friend and I wanted to adopt a cat. We decided our local animal shelter would be the best place to go. We wanted to adopt all of them but decided on one, a calico. We brought her home and named her Sassy. She is now part of our family and we love her!
Jane thought she was pregnant. She told her boyfriend. They decided to buy a pregnancy test to make sure. The test came up negative. They got more to make sure and they said the same.
Neil was on a backpacking trip through Europe. He wanted to go from England to France. He was in Dover, England, so he made a plan. He booked tickets on the Chunnel to Calais, France. Soon he had entered the country of France!
Alex was moving. He packed everything up and loaded it into the van. Some of the boxes just wouldn't fit. Instead, he had to leave them behind. After he got to his new home, he came back and picked up the rest.
John woke up smelling like something was burning. He went outside. He saw the fire next door. He called the authorities. The firemen came to put out the fire.
Kevin begged his parents to let him stay up late. Finally they relented. They said he could stay up till midnight. Kevin was so happy! But as eleven o'clock neared - he fell asleep!
I decided to clean the vacant room in our house. It was full of used stuffs and boxes. But only one box caught my attention. I decided to open it because it was so attractive. As i open it, it was full of my old pictures when i was still a baby.
Tom's apartment got really messy. He decided to clean over the weekend. Tom took all weekend cleaning. It wasn't enough to do much damage. Tom gave up and called a cleaning service.
Kenji sat down with his journal. He writes an excerpt of is day every evening. Today was a particularly bad day. Writing about it was already making him feel better. Kenji closed his journal with a sigh of relief.
Gina walked into the class where detention was held. There was no teacher. She thought about turning to leave. Just then the teacher walked in. Gina had no choice but to take a seat.
Every Labor Day Rick's hometown held an art show in the park. Local artist's set up booths and displayed their wares. Rick wandered down the aisles admiring artists' handiwork. This year Rick found something he liked enough to purchase. Rick took home a painting and hung it proudly over his mantle.
Greg was at a silent auction. He saw something that he really wanted. He placed a fairly high bid on it. Luckily, no one out bid him. He was able to take the item home.
Ethan loved his trip to Mexico. He tried lots of food. He came home and wanted more. He looked up those restaurants. He ate at one he liked.
Jerry tried to bounce the ball to the other side of the court. The opponents tried to double team him. Since he was trapped, Jerry couldn't move anywhere. He ended up throwing the ball toward the back-court. The ball flew out of bounds, causing a turnover.
Rosy loved fruit. She decided to plant an orchard. All of the trees were very small. Many years passed. Finally the orchard was mature enough to produce fruit.
Tim wanted a hunting rifle. He went to the gun store. There, he selected a rifle and took it to the counter. But Tim had forgotten his ID! The cashier wouldn't sell Tim the gun with no ID.
Protesters jostled Ann as she entered an arena for a political rally. Inside, angry demonstrators tried to shout down the candidate. Ann felt scared and disappointed by the violence. A person next to her was shoved and fell, and Ann reached to help him. She realized people of peace had to stand up together against rage.
Ben received a special soup from his mother. He asked what was in it. She said squid and octopus. Although he refused to eat it, his mom threatened him to eat it. After taking his first bite, Ben threw up.
One day, a scientist was working to solve the cure for cancer. He believed he was reaching a breakthrough, so he was very excited! Sadly, his experiments did not go as he had hoped. The undesired results made him angry, so he destroyed the lab. The scientist was fired and blacklisted from the research field.
The kids didn't wash their dishes after dinner. They threw their plates in the sink and left. Their mom was frustrated. She decided to leave the sink full with dishes. Two weeks later, there was a large pile in the sink.
Jamie lost his parents in the war. He returned to their family home, searching for food. He ate all the canned food, until there was none left. He left the house, looking for something to eat. Jamie stole a loaf of bread from a corner store.
Garry wanted to marry LaChonda more than anything. But LaChonda was thinking about moving on. They met at a mutual friend's house and both had something to say. Garry let her talk first and she said she wanted to break up. Garry disguised his intentions and asked her how she liked the ring?
Patrick loved being organized. He bought a calendar to hang on his wall. He put all the important dates on it. He color coded it, too. Patrick was very organized to start the school year!
Yesterday morning I woke up to very loud noises. I looked outside my window to see what was causing the noise. I couldn't see anything so I decided to go outside and look more. I saw a handful of trucks and men wearing vests. I realized that they were starting to build a new road.
Bob was always depressed. Bob went to the doctor for help. The doctor examined him and diagnosed him. He gave Bob some pills to help him. Bob took the pills and is on his way to recovery!
Tom lost his dog. He put up flyers everywhere. He posted about it online. Finally he got a call about it. Someone had run him over recently.
It was my 26th birthday and I had no plans. I decided to just go and eat my favorite food. A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order. Suddenly, I heard "Surprise!" My family and friends threw me a surprise party!
Paul loved to play football. He went to college as a punter. After punting really well he graduated. He left college and tried out for a the pros. Now Paul plays professional football!
I was at the supermarket. I decided to buy some cheese. I asked a supermarket employee for a recommendation. She recommended the sharp Wisconsin cheddar. I tried it and it was disgusting.
Thomas was so scared to ask his crush to the dance. He hesitated for week after week. Finally he got the courage to ask her to the dance. She agreed immediately, all while smiling. They went to the dance and became a happy couple.
The finals were tomorrow. Jill was ill prepared. She decided that she would cheat. She wasn't caught. She sighed in relief and swore to always study beforehand.
In my spiritual counseling practice, I had some challenging clients. To maintain confidentiality, I felt unable to seek advice from anyone. When I learned other ministers were struggling, we united for support. Starting a ministerium group allowed private and respectful sharing. Both ministers and clients benefitted from the broadened perspective.
John used to work at McDonald's. He hated it. When he quit, he searched for another job. However, he could not find one. Eventually, John ended up working at Wendy's.
Alexis was in for a surprise when she purchased pb2 peanut butter. The peanut butter was in powdered form so she just added water. As she began to taste it, her taste buds exploded. Alexis couldn't believe the amazing taste. She immediately went off to tell all her friends.
A woman walked into the store and demanded the clerk's help. She complained about selection and moaned about prices. The woman demanded to talk to the owner of the store. The owner of the store smiled and listened as the woman complained. The owner then politely asked the woman to leave and not return.
Terry aspired to be a chef. His father is one. He decided he would continue the business. He soaked up all the info from his dad. He took over the business.
Carson has always bought coffee at the local shop before work. He realizes that this is an expensive habit. Carson decides to start making coffee at home each morning. At first his coffee isn't very good, but he gradually improves. He is happy to have broken his expensive coffee buying habit.
Jonathan was a goody two shoes in school song. He was warned to stay away from the trouble maker Matt. He did not know who he was dealing with. So he ended up following him. He got in trouble with the principal.
Isaac was at a grocery store. And he saw a certain brand of bread that he ate as a child. After thinking for awhile, he decided to buy it. And it brought back good memories. Isaac bought the same cereal for the rest of his life.
Vander desperately wanted something sweet to eat. He searched his pantry, but could find nothing. Frustrated, his left his apartment. He walked 10 minutes to the local convenience store. There, he bought as much candy as he could carry home.
Candace hated her job, but she loved to paint. She painted every evening after work. She took her paintings to a fair to sell. She set for three hour without selling any paintings. Then a man came and bought them all for his gallery.
Kim got a new pan. Her old ones were too old and used. Kim was surprised with how stick resistant the new one was. It made all her cooking much easier. She decided to replace other pots and pans as well.
Ben got a bonus from his company. He didn't know what to do with it. He had no kids or wife to spend it on. So he bet all of his bonus into horse racing. He lost all of his bonus money on horse racing.
Trent was a private investigator. He was following someone for a client and tried to stay hidden. Suddenly, the person he was trailing noticed him. He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client. Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field.
Shannon was unemployed. Being without a job made Shannon feel depressed. Shannon decided to seek help. She found a therapist to discuss her depression with. Shannon now feels much better.
I went to a club once and kissed 4 girls. First one of them told her friends I had nice eyes. After that, they all huddled around me and danced with me. They asked if I would like to be with all of them. Finally we all took turns kissing.
Tara was walking her dog. Her dog pulled really hard on the leash. Tara lunged forward with her dog. Tara's phone dropped out of her pocket at the same time. It shattered into pieces on the ground.
Emily loved drinking grape juice. One day she was drinking it near her bed. She spilled the juice. She was upset. She cleaned it up and that made her happy.
Hubert was always laughed at at school. He came wearing a suit and a briefcase every day. People tried to tell him that he looked like a businessman. But Hubert didn't care. He didn't change his routine and looked a man who went to work anyway.
The man watched a movie. He was inspired by the events. He decided to make changes in his life. The next day he felt less inspired. He never made the changes to his life.
Lisa wanted to introduce everyone to her friend Erica. When the girls met Erica they instantly liked her. They thought she was great. Until she started talking. When she talked she was asked to leave.
The girl got into a fight. She pushed down another girl. A teacher saw her. The teacher called the parents. The parents had to leave work to get the children.
Allie needed a new keyboard. She got an iPad. So naturally she needed something to type with. Luckily she found a cheap one. Now she uses it everyday.
The gorilla swung through the trees. This showed his dominance. The females were impressed. He found many mates. He had many children.
Ivy got a bad sunburn at the beach. She complained about it to her mom. Her mom gave her a tube of aloe gel. Ivy rubbed it onto her sore skin. Soon she felt soothed and cool!
Lisa decided to take hula classes. She was awkward, and tripped over her feet. The other girls made fun of her. Lisa cried, and swore never to go back to the class. The next week, she went back, head held high.
Ron was a train fanatic. His family had worked in the rail industry for generations. At the age of 16 he began to work in the same business himself. His main duties required him to make tea and coffee. Tom knew he needed to start from the bottom to get to the top.
The kids were huddled in the living room. They were watching a very scary movie! They all clung to each other and screamed. When the movie was over, they turned on all the lights. They were afraid of what might be lurking in the dark!
It was wedding day for Bill. He played a round of golf to relax before the ceremony. After golf, Bill got dressed in his black tuxedo. Bill went to the church and stood at the front, waiting for his bride. Bill was thrilled to see his beautiful bride walking down the aisle.
I wanted to speak at our club. So I spent the night at a friend's house to prepare. But we just played video games the whole time. I checked to see when our time was to speak. We weren't even on the schedule.
Heather never brushed her teeth. One day, her tooth started hurting. Her parents took her to the dentist and they gave X-rays. The dentist found out Heather had two cavities. He filled them right away.
We went to this donut place yesterday. They are only open at night. When we saw the line we were appalled. The line was twenty minutes long. But when we were done and tasted the donuts they were worth it.
Hannah called Ben. She broke up with him since she had feelings for another man. Ben was furious since the breakup was over the phone. He sent embarrassing photos of her to everyone in their school. Everyone contacted Hannah to ridicule her.
Tom had been a smoker for fifteen years. He met a lady who quit smoking in a short amount of time. She told Tom she used vaping to get it done. Tom began vaping himself. Within a month, Tom was completely off cigarettes and nicotine!
Shadow the dog really wanted to go for a walk. She rubbed her head against her owner's legs. She tried to get his attention by making strangled barking sounds. She sat impatiently by her leash and pawed at it. Eventually her master couldn't ignore her and Shadow got her walk.
May spun the top around on the wood floor. It sailed through the kitchen and scared the cat. The cat jumped over the top and ran across May's mom's feet. May's mom dropped the cake she was making. May's mom scolded her and sent her out of the kitchen.
It was the first nice day all week, it was time for the beach. Kaylin packed up her car and headed on her two hour trip. As she got on the turnpike there was traffic backed up for miles. She was stuck with the car in park for over an hour. Finally she had decided that she should probably just go home.
Susanna enjoyed riding horses. She went out to a farm one day and started to ride. She rode all over the place. Susanna was quite good at riding horses. She had a wonderful time that day riding horses.
Tom was unemployed. He was applying to jobs. He saw Excel as a requirement for most jobs in his field. He practiced free online tutorials covering Excel. Tom was eventually hired due to his great Excel skills.
James had joined the volunteer fire department. He had to go through a lot of training. He took a first responder's course. James was first to respond on a scene one time. He saved a man's life.
Charlie was playing the piano at his home. He was trying to concentrate on his music. The neighbors were having a loud party next door. Charlie decided to put on a pair of headphones. He was able to play his electric piano through his headphones.
John took the subway to work each day. One day, he got into a packed car and found a place to hold on. The train was so crowded, there was a lot of jostling. A man bumped into him while exiting. John scowled, realizing the man stole his wallet from his back pocket.
Two little kids decided to play a game of basketball. While they were playing, some bigger kids arrived. The bigger kids chased them away from the court. They wanted to play a game themselves. The little kids were too outmatched to do anything about it.
Sam had one dollar in his piggy bank. He wanted to spend it now. He did not know what to spend it on. He saw a homeless man and gave the dollar to him. He felt good that he helped the needy.
Cody was feeling out of shape, so she bought a workout machine. Cody had good intentions, but they didn't quite work out. The machine sat in her room and all she did was hang clothes on it. Every day she would look at it and think that she should exercise. Soon she got tired of looking at the machine so she sold it.
Charles got ready for Halloween. He went to the local costume shop and purchased a Halloween costume. Charles then asked his parents if he could go trick or treating. Charles parents agreed that he could go trick or treating on Halloween. Charles went trick or treating on Halloween night.
Sarah was a little overweight. She decided to change her eating habits to better her health. Sarah was afraid her family would not support her new choice. Her family decided to cook her a healthy meal to show their support. Sarah felt happy that her family cared about her health.
Trevor was a fearless kid. The only thing he feared was flying. Trevor was told he would be visiting his grandparents. Trevor would have to fly to see them. Trevor gets over his fear and rides the airplane to see them.
I prepared for college by studying hard. I graduated college and created the perfect resume. I scheduled interviews with the biggest internet companies. I wooed the interviewers with my brilliance and candor. I knew I reached my goal when several companies offered me a position.
Jordan saw the other kids swimming when it was hot in the summer. Jordan had never learned to swim, so he could not go in the water. He was embarrassed he couldn't swim. His mother got him swimming lessons and he practiced. Finally Jordan was able to go in the cool water with the others.
Max was about to run at a track meet. Suddenly, he realized that his good luck charm was missing. He frantically searched for it. Luckily, his mom found it on the car floor. Max grabbed it and then ran really well in his event.
Franny had always wanted to be a soldier. She joined the Army when she was 18. She loved the structure of it. She also loved pushing herself physically. Franny was happy she chose this career path.
Timmy was a hardcore marijuana consumer and wanted to grow it. He began to grow plants in his house and sell them to friends. Word began to spread and Timmy was getting police attention. One day, police raiding his house and Timmy was arrested. Timmy was taken away and put in prison and his operation was over.
I wanted to try to ice skating. There is  a rink that was close by, so I went there. I laced up my skates and put on my gloves. I went out on the ice and kept falling down. I won't ever skate again!
Ricardo bought a new flat screen tv. He plugged it up, but nothing happened. He called the cable guy, and they said they had shut off his cable. Ricardo realized he had spent all his money on the tv. Now he has a tv but can't watch anything on it.
I was bitten by a spider one night in my apartment. I found and killed the spider. It looked a lot like a brown recluse, which can be deadly. Alarmed, I looked it up on the internet. I was so relieved to learn brown recluses don't live in this area!
Ned was a very envious person. He liked to feel more important than anyone else. But the new boy was too popular for Ned's liking. He tried to fight the new boy, but lost. Now Ned knows not to let envy get the better of him.
Freddy was a wild man. He was known to always fist fight. Freddy fought for all the wrong reasons. One day, Freddy fist fought and was shot to death. Now dead, Fred learned that fighting was wrong during all seasons.
John is playing basketball. John is doing great. John drives to the hoop to make a basket. He trips and misses the shot. John fell and lost the game.
Felix stole a moped from the street. He drove it to a shop. He had the shop paint it green. He sold the green moped to a stranger. The stranger found out later that it was stolen.
Patrick was a well liked Barber. Unfortunately, he worked for a boss who didn't respect him. He wanted to leave his job and work somewhere else. Patrick was afraid his clientele would not follow him to a new salon. When he took the plunge and moved, nearly all his clients came along.
Franny had been waking up all night. She was hot, uncomfortable and anxious. She couldn't get deeply asleep until the sun was already coming up. Thankfully, her husband let her sleep in that day. To thank him, she cleaned the whole house.
Olivia is feeling cold one day. She decides to drink a hot chocolate. It is warm and nice. Soon she feels better. Olivia is glad that she doesn't feel cold any longer.
Ollie the lab was adopted by wonderful puppy parents when he was 2. They loved him and spoiled him and fed him countless goodies everyday. One day when Ollie's parents left, they never came home. Ollie was devastated and thought he would never feel happy again. However, his parents finally returned and they never left him again.
Emmy and Liz played out in the snow for hours. They didn't realize how cold they had gotten. Emmy's mom called them inside to rest a while. She had two cups of steamy hot cocoa for them. They warmed their hands on the cups as they drank.
Ann and her friend went on a hot air balloon yesterday. They loved being on it for the view but something happened. The balloon caught on fire. Ann screamed and she and her friend jumped out. They were luckily they made it alive.
Gina had been at the grocery store with her mom. She planned on starting her report for class when she returned home. When she got home her cousin Lucy was at her house. She should have started working on her report. She spent time visiting with Lucy instead.
Tom heard meowing in his apartment building. He didn't know where it was coming from. Tom looked around for days. He eventually found him between some walls. Tom was able to rescue it.
Scott and Terry are going camping in the woods. Neither of them have ever been to this campsite before. For two hours they try to find the campsite. They spend the next two hours trying to get back out of the woods. They both decide to not try camping ever again.
John bought a house earlier this year. It was a big duplex house. He fell in love with the kitchen. It was very large with a lot of space. He said it was the best room in the house.
Samantha boarded a small plane in Wyoming. Not long into the flight, the engines gave out. The plane tumbled to the ground, where it crashed. Samantha was able to save several other passengers. She kept them safe and warm until rescue workers arrived.
Jose had always wanted to see a polar bear. He wanted to travel to Alaska to see them in the wild. He book a trip to the Yukon to fulfill his dream. The guide he had hired promised to fulfill his dreams. On his trip he saw several bears and got great pictures of them.
Marisa loved learning. She enjoyed the challenge that school provided. Marisa teachers had her take special academic test. The results of the test allowed her to skip a grade. Marisa was excited about the new academic challenge she would face.
Joe grew up on an animal farm. There was a particular chick to which Joe felt attached. Joe watched the chick hatch and held it as a newborn. One evening Joe had a wonderful chicken dinner made by his mom. Joe was horrified to learn he had just eaten that once beloved chick!
James was in trouble. He had court in the morning. The judge gave him a stiff sentence. James regretted the crimes he had committed. He left the courthouse in handcuffs.
Two girls were dancing a jig. Larry noticed them and went to create an interruption. He pushed himself between them. One of the girls sat down. He then proceeded to marry the other.
Paula lived in a rough neighbourhood. Her best friends were tough but she wasn't. When her friends weren't around, she felt very vulnerable. Paula changed this by going to karate lessons. Now, no one on the block messes with Paula.
Angela had a horse lunchbox that she loved. It was blue with a black stallion on the cover. She brought it to school with pride. Many of her classmates complimented her cool lunchbox. Angela never wanted to let go of it.
Katie wanted to make the pom pom team. She practiced day and night. At the audition, she dropped the pom poms seven times. The judges laughed at her. She knew she hadn't made the team.
A cop pulled young Justin over one night. He said Justin had been swerving a little. Justin was a novice driver, but perfectly legal. The cop gave him two sobriety tests, then let him go. Justin was relieved - his first traffic stop had scared him.
Learning to do math was difficult for her. She failed terribly at algebra especially. She made straight A's in everything else. She asked for help. Nobody could help her, and she failed the class.
Tim was out hiking with friends. It became cloudy and dark. They eventually realized they got lost. Tim was able to find the trail back. Everyone was tired but grateful.
Lucy sat at the police station. She'd been lost and a kind stranger brought her here. She sat with puffy swollen tear stained eyes waiting on her grandpa. An officer gave her a soda while she waited. She was so happy to see grandpa when he arrived, she knocked it over.
Greg had just finished packing his car for college. He was just about to leave. When he went to say goodbye to his parents, his mom started crying. Her crying made Greg cry as well. Greg realized that he was going to miss his parents.
Susie was having an anxiety attack. She was getting nervous about her test. She was afraid she would fail. She stayed up all night studying. She also tried meditating but it did no good.
Smear was baking a cake for his sister. The next step required one cup of sugar. He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar. However, he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor. The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere.
Rob had been making a lot of money at his job He had also been working a lot, and needed to have some fun time So he decided he was going to buy a new gaming system After comparing several different game systems, he settled on an Xbox He spent a lot of money, but had a lot of fun playing it
Kelly banged herself yesterday. It left a massive bruise. She wanted the pain to go away. Yet the pain wouldn't. She would be in pain another week.
Andrew and Lucy walked down the street. They saw some artist playing the clarinet with recording. They started to laugh at him. He quit playing. He did not understand why they were laughing.
The chef was making a new dish. It had shrimp in it. He sauteed them and added butter. He mixed it in with pasta. The diners raved about the shrimp!
James likes to pull occasional pranks and Dave. One day at work, Dave was annoying James. James decided it was time for a prank. The next day, Dave was outraged. Someone had put everything on his desk into the vending machines.
I introduced Diana to the family. They gave her a warm welcome, although she didn't behave well. While we were eating dinner, she was chewing loud. In addition, she influence my parents that she had no ambition at all. When she left, my family told me to dump her.
Julia taught a class of fifth graders. One of her students, Mark was always making trouble. Mark had recently gotten an A+ on a math test. Julia suspected that Mark had cheated to get the grade. However, Julia had no proof.
The crew of six girls decided to go to the park on Saturday. They arrived at the park at 10am. Even at the early hour, the park was almost full. The skater girls had to wait their turns to be able to use the ramps. The girls stayed at the park for only about an hour before going home.
A blacksmith decided one day to try his hand at shoeing horses. It took him only a few minutes to forge a shoe that looked just right. He fetched his draft horse and began replacing an old shoe. The new shoe was still hot, though, so the horse panicked and bolted. The blacksmith never saw his horse again, nor forged another shoe.
A man read the Book of Mormon. He wondered if it was really true. He studied it out in his mind. He went to the Lord and prayed. He answered that it was from God.
Will fired up the grill. He was ready for his Independence Day barbecue. The hot dogs began to sizzle as they were put on the grill. The smell of the meat made Will's mouth water. He couldn't wait.
Terry wanted to increase his intelligence. He decided to look to his idols. His idols listed their hobbies online. He copied his idols hobbies of studying great leader's works. He soon saw his mental acuity and overall intelligence improve.
Fred wanted to get more exercise. So he decided to walk to his local grocery store instead of drive. But he couldn't believe how tiring it was to carry groceries. And he ended up calling a cab. Fred tried to set better exercise goals the next time.
Bill tiled his kitchen with a checker pattern. He pretended to be a chess piece as he walked though. Bill attacked a box of cereal, pretending it was a rook. The cereal box was open so it made a mess. Bill stomped on the cereal to further his mess.
Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party. He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with. He practices hula hooping at home for weeks. At the party, he showed off his new skills. He impressed everyone by keeping three hoops going at once.
An encyclopedia salesman came to a house. A man answered his knock. The man talked circles around the salesman's pitch. Flustered, the salesman left, not sure what had happened. Some days later, he received a set of encyclopedias in the mail.
Charles needed a job while he was going to through college. He decided he would be a substitute teacher. On his first day he realized that was a huge mistake. He broke up two fights and got hit by two spitballs. He applied at three different Starbucks that night.
Selena wanted to find a good sushi place. She asked her friends but the places recommended weren't good. She finally asked her friend who was a chef. The chef recommended a place and Selena tried it out. The place was excellent and Selena was impressed.
Susie loved gardening. She planned a bunch of flowers in the front of her house. She watered them every day. Soon, they were big and beautiful. They made Susie smile every time she arrived home.
Tom wanted to clean his room. But it would be a lot of work. Over several days, he cleaned everything up. And he liked how good his room looked. But over time, it became messy again.
I was taking introductory chemistry last semester. I was not doing too well. So, I decided to go to tutoring. It really helped, and I ended up getting an A- in the class. That really ended up saving my GPA.
Faith decided to drive to her family home in Montana for Christmas. She should've checked the weather reports for her route. She ran into a winter storm 50 miles from home. The storm made the roads icy and worried Faith. She decided to pull into a hotel for the night and let the storm pass.
Misty wanted to surprise her children with a cruise. She took them on a trip to another city on the coast. They watched the ferries that went between islands. The kids asked if they would be able to go on a ferry the next day. She took them to the cruise terminal instead of the ferry terminal.
Rebecca didn't cook much but when she did she used her special spoon. She took it out of a special box that was kept on a high shelf. She made chicken balsamico and some spinach. Rebecca cleaned her spoon diligently afterwards and put it back. She laughed to herself as he ate her delicious food.
Kendra never ate vegetables. Her doctor told her repeatedly to change her diet, but she didn't. She continued eating meat and starch food. When she died, she was a hundred years old. No one understood how she had survived with no vegetables in her diet.
My son finished trying out for the basketball team today. He came home so scared and excited he couldn't sit still. He thought he would have to wait weeks to hear the results. Much to his surprise, the coach called and offered him a position. He was so excited he ran through the house screaming.
Sarah is on vacation in another country. She checks into her hotel room. When she gets to the room she sees something amazing. A diamond is laying on the floor in front of the bed. She picks the diamond up and keeps it.
Brian found out Matt was talking about him online. Matt was insulting brian. Matt decides to stop by Brian's house. Brian's brother comes out. Brian's brother beats Matt up.
I used to do leg workouts. There were rubber pieces for resistance. One time the load was unbalanced. I didn't realize the imbalance for a while. My hip flexor became inflamed.
He slowly moved his hands down her body. She trembled at his touch. Her perfume smelled of flowers and was intoxicating. He pulled her closer and held her tightly. She was powerless to resist.
The students started to work on their exam. Greg didn't view the test as being difficult. He tried to finish before everyone. The next day, he received his results. He got a D since he forgot to answer some questions.
Jimmy's 4th grade science class had a science fair this year. He prepared his project on volcanoes. He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda. He meticulously created a poster to explain his display. He was awarded 1st place at the science fair.
Willow really wanted to have fresh herbs to enjoy year-round. She bought seeds and starter pots to sprout. They were placed where they would get plenty of sun. Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots. Now, she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times.
Jo loved to hunt for arrowheads. His friend Mike suggested they go to look for them in the woods. The two boys spent all day searching all over the woods. By nightfall, they had found so many arrowheads. Jo was very grateful that Mike invited him.
I walked by the laundry room this morning. I smelled an awful aroma coming from the hamper. I emptied all of the clothes. There was a half eaten piece of cheese at the bottom of the pile. I washed the hamper as soon as I got all the clothes out.
Susie was about to meet her friend one night. She planned on walking the short way to be their quickly. Suddenly she heard terrifying sounds coming from that way. She decided to turn around and go the other way. It took longer, but was much less scary.
Carl started going bald at a young age. He was twenty eight when his hair started falling out. Carl decided to get hair implants. He saved up money and was able to make it happen. Carl got more self confident afterward.
Igor signed up for two years worth of satellite. Halfway through he found out he had to move. He called the satellite company to cancel his contract. They told him they would charge him a huge fee to cancel it. Igor paid the outrageous fee because he had no other choice.
Talya thought she was stronger than her little sister, Kadie. Talya would always boss, and push her around. Kadie was growing tired of her sister mistreating her. One day while playing ball with each other, Talya elbowed Kadie hard. When Talya went in for a layup, Kadie slammed her sister to the ground.
Brian slept through his alarm and woke late. This was the second morning in a row! That night he decided to change his routine. He set TWO alarms and set them near his head. Luckily, this worked, and he woke on time in the morning!
Keith was a good hearted family man. He had just had his first child with his wife Lyndie. Lyndie began to nag and nag Keith. Keith couldn't take any more. He decided to poison lyndie's soup and finally be rid of her for good.
Widowed Marge met a widower who loved to dance. She felt like a schoolgirl when he asked her to a Valentine dance. At the dance, Marge misstepped and broke her hip. In the hospital, Marge thought she had missed out on love. Then, a delivery man came with flowers from the widower.
Nora went to the dentist this week. She was nervous they would find cavities because she had a toothache. Her fears were confirmed when they found two. The dentist told her she'd have to schedule follow up visits. She's getting fillings next Wednesday.
Diane's family decided to take a trip to the beach. They packed up the car and headed out. They arrived at the beach and got a spot. Soon after they were walking down the shore line. Diane found several sharks teeth and displayed them to her family.
Amanda was about to start graduate school in a couple of months. She needed money but it was not enough time to get a job. However, Amanda found out that she could work online. She did it for several hours a day. By the time graduate school started, Amanda had some money saved.
Maya had just arrived at the doctor's office for an appointment. She was pushing her child in his stroller. Suddenly, she was stuck at the base of some stairs. She tried to lift the stroller past the steps but almost couldn't. Luckily she finally got the wheels up and headed inside.
She was my first girlfriend. We had met on a cruise ship. We were hanging out in a secluded room. I leaned over and kissed her lips. It was both of ours first kiss.
Bob is a worker in the CDC. Late at night, a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger. Bob had to board the plane in a Hazmat suit and examine the passenger. On the plane, Bob fell and his suit ripped. Now Bob is forced to remain in quarantine too.
Henry was a factory worker. He worked hard for his family. One day he gets a call from his boss. Henry is laid off from his Job. Henry is very sad he lost his job.
Peter invited his best friends over. It was his birthday and he was going to have a party! The boys came over and brought gifts. They stayed up late playing video games and running around. It was a fun night with his best friends!
Tom needed more volunteer hours. He wanted a good impression on his college applications. He looked for options online. Tom found a local soup kitchen that needed help. He went there for a few hours a week.[.
Yesterday I got into the building elevator. As I was going down I smelled an awful stench. The elevator smelled like horrible perfume. I started coughing. Thankfully I was out quickly.
Jackie is at a baseball game. She enjoys the game. She gets up to leave. She gets to her car and notices something is missing. Her purse is gone.
Jack wasn't sure what movie to rent from Comcast. He searched around online for good reviews. Eventually he decided on a few good ones. He asked his kids what they wanted to watch out of the options. They decided on one movie and had a great night!
Will decided his daughter should learn about money. Will bought her a cute cardboard lemonade stand. Will sat outside one hot day with his daughter and the stand. Many people stopped to buy Will's daughter's lemonade. That day Will's daughter made thirty dollars by selling lemonade!
I loved swimming at the beach. One day I saw a big shark. The shark suddenly attacked me. I lost my left hand. I never went back to the beach ever since.
I thought Merdis Jenkins was the best cook in town. I asked her to teach me how to cook. Merdis agreed but my food did not taste like hers. I discovered Merdis Jenkins had been lying to me about her recipes. Now I am the best cook in town because I create my own recipes.
My friend invited me to sleep over at her house. She said that I could sleep on her couch. Her couch was too short, so I didn't fit on it. I was awake most of the night trying to sleep. When I awoke the next morning, I had overslept.
Alice was painting during art class. Her teacher pointed out a mistake in her portrait. And she quickly improved it. Alice proudly left her easel when she finished the portrait. But she ended up knocking it on the floor.
Larry and Bonnie lived deep in the woods in Wisconsin. One night, Bonnie heard something in the forest near their house. She put on her boots, grabbed her gun and went outside. She only went about fifty feet before a black bear came at her. She shot and killed the bear, which was so large it won a record.
After working the night shift, the police officer was very hungry. The officer was like any other cop, so he loved to eat donuts! The officer went to the local bakery and bought a dozen to share. He took the donuts to the police station and everyone cheered! This officer was everyone's favorite person on that day.
I let the dog outside. She ran to the fence to see her friend next door. The dog didn't recognize her. He began barking and trying to attack the fence. We had to get our dog back in the house before she got hurt.
Kelly was growing turnips for her family. She planted them and forgot about them. But when she checked weeks later, she was disappointed. The turnips had dried up from lack of water! Kelly resolved to tend her plants better in the future.
Kia was drunk at a bar one night. She thought she heard another girl insulting her. She started a fight with the girl and ended up losing. Kia had to get eleven stitches for a cut on her hand! She vowed never to drink so much again.
Bill just bought a house. He wanted to do renovations to it. However, he had no idea where to start. So he hired a contractor. Bill's house now looks brand new.
Kelly loves to eat sweet desserts. Last week, she went to a new restaurant and ate a brownie sundae. She came home and raved about the sweet treat she had eaten. She took us all out last night to the same restaurant. We all ate the brownie sundae for dessert.
Jim puffed a cloud of smoke into the man's face. The man backed away slowly. Jim had been to prison and was not to be messed with. Jim laughed and stepped forward, but slipped on ice and fell. The man got new courage and started kicking Jim in the stomach.
Kelly owned a small ceramics shop. She would glaze and fire her own pottery. Kelly had trouble with sharp edges on her pots. A customer told Kelly to try grinding them down. Kelly bought an angel grinder and solved her problem.
The chef was cooking several beef strips. Since the customer requested medium rare beef, it wasn't cooked much. The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it. The next day, he caught food poisoning. He threw up constantly and had a stomach ache.
Nate had been hired as a dishwasher. His first day went well. But the next day, Nate showed up drunk. His boss caught him and fired him immediately. Nate regretted coming to work drunk.
Debbie had always dreamed of being a camp counselor. She had applied for a position that year near the end of school. One day she got a letter about her application. She nervously checked it and saw that she had been accepted. She was thrilled and began packing immediately.
Trey saw a cat across the street. He held out a cracker. The cat started to approach him. However, it started to run after him. When the cat bit Trey, he threw the cat on the ground and ran away.
Bill decided that it was time to take photos of his driveway. The problem was that it was covered with leaves. He got his children to help him take out the leaves before school. It took them 2 hours but they bagged all of the leaves. He paid his children $20 each.
Miranda went to see Taylor swift. She saw her in concert. She was excited. All the sudden it started raining. Miranda had to duck for cover.
Henry lit a fire. He kept adding dried kindling. The fire roared bigger. Henry got into his cot of pine needles. The warmth from the fire caused him to sleep soundly.
Johnny saw someone juggling and wanted to learn himself. He researched it online. He began tossing two objects in one hand to learn. After perfecting this skill, using 3 objects and 2 hands was easy. Johnny successfully learned to juggle.
Wayne left his house in a hurry that day. He had a presentation to give in front of his peers and was nervous. He went to the conference room right away to prepare himself. But when he took out his papers, he realized they were not his notes. He was looking at his son's homework about the cycles of the moon.
Rob was at this party. He suddenly sees a suspicious figure. He keeps his distance then he sees the killer stab someone. Rob attacks the figure from the back. Police come and arrest the killer.
Tim wanted a monkey for Christmas. He couldn't have a monkey but he could go to the zoo. Tim saw many monkeys at the zoo. For Christmas Tim got a puppy instead of a monkey. Tim loves his puppy more than any monkey!
Caesar was a small yorkie pup. He walked with a really bad limp and cried. No one paid much attention to him. One day, a nice family found him and cut his nails. Little Caesar was now happy until the day he died.
Darrin wanted to start a record label but didn't know what to call it. He tried several names but they were all taken. His wife told him to try something not so fancy. Darrin looked around his house and saw a plunger. So he came up with the name Plunger Records.
Quiana like to go to trivia night at the bar. She normally did very well. One night, she drank a little too much during the quiz. She made a fool of herself in a very public manner. She no longer goes to trivia night.
Tom bought a gift card to a fancy restaurant. He called his girlfriend and offered to take her out tonight. Since she had plans, she refused to go. Tom became extremely frustrated. When a stranger walked past him, Benny gave him the ticket.
I went around the corner from my job. I had to buy business cards. I wanted to make the front exiting. But I had to follow the company guidelines. I didn't end up using them much.
Mona died her hair red. She thought her hair did not turn red enough. She bleached her hair for twenty minutes. Her hair turned a bright orange. Mona was proud of her new hair color.
My friends and I made an album last night. We rapped over many different beats. We made 12 songs and put it on Soundcloud. I checked Soundcloud this morning. Many people commented that it was very good.
Ana was given a bolt of white silk and wanted to make scarves to sell. She inked assorted leaf-shaped rubber stamps with textile paint. The flat leaf stamps were trimmed with simple embroidery stitches. Inspired, Ana broke up old jewelry and used the beads for accents. The scarves were lovely, and she sold them all at her market stall.
I recently finished reading Infinite Jest. It is a big, heavy novel. I bought it new, but spilled coffee on the edges. I tried to sell it on Amazon with a note about the condition. Surprisingly, I sold the book.
Jane was having brunch with some friends. They were drinking mimosas. By the time brunch was over Jane was drunk. She hadn't realized the alcohol snuck up on her so much. Jane decided to have a friend drive her.
Clay bounced up and down on the bull like a rag doll. He held on and tried to match his movements to the bull. The bull kicked and twisted. Clay jumped off and ran after the bell sounded. He had finished the ride and scored well.
Marcy didn't like how long her hair was, so she decided to get it cut. She read some reviews on her phone before picking a salon. The salon she chose was on the other side of town. On the way, Marcy had a flat tire. She had to stop and take care of it so she never made her appointment.
Lee bought a brand new vehicle. He took excellent care of it. One day a storm was headed in. He didn't have a garage. His car got lots of hail damage!
Amy liked watching videos on Youtube. She had learned about a challenge to post videos every day. She decided to go for it. At first, she was having a really hard time keeping up. Luckily she was able to do it and she really loved it.
Xander loved totino's frozen pizza's. He would always cook three at a time and eat them all. One day he got creative and stacked them on top of each other. He threw some cheese on it and made a pizza lasagna. Xander now owns a million dollar company selling frozen pizza.
Jane saw Tom standing around in the parking lot. She always thought Tom was cute. They made contact and Tom waved her over. As she approached, Tom pulled out a cigarette and offered her one. Jane frowned and politely declined.
Jerry went to school to be a stuntman. He always wanted to be one and was excited to do it. He was always very careful and took proper precautions. Sometimes accidents still can happen. Luckily for him he never got hurt doing it.
Tim was skateboarding. He kept falling over. His knees were all scraped up. His parents offered to buy him some knee guards. Tim turned it down because they looked lame.
Jill received flowers from her boyfriend. She loved them a lot. She never wanted to get rid of them. She put them in books to preserve them. Jill kept them for as long as she could.
Marty saw the snow was falling down hard outside. He grabbed his shovel and put his gloves on. He began to shovel the driveway as it snowed. When he was finished he took his gloves off. When he took his gloves off, his ring went flying into the snow.
Clyde is at the bar drinking. A man comes up to him. The man insults Clyde. Clyde has heard enough. Clyde fights the man and beats him down in the bar.
Kevin is a construction worker. He always wears his canvas tool belt to work every day. Kevin got in his truck and drove to his job site. When he got out of his truck, he noticed he didn't have his belt. Kevin realized he had left it at home, and felt stupid.
I forgot to buy my mother a gift for Mother's Day. When I got to the store, they were out of flowers. I bought her a card and a small chocolate cake. I felt bad for not remembering Mother's Day. She loved the card and cake though!
Anna finished eating her eggs. She took her plate, fork, and coffee cup to the sink. Anna washed her dishes in the sink. She used a towel to dry them. Then, she put her dishes away.
My niece D was having trouble paying her bills. She had let her electric bill lapse. The power was turned off for one night. She asked her mother (B) to put the bill in her name, and B agreed. I told B she was in danger of getting bad credit.
Lisa owned a cat named Twinkles. Lisa loved Twinkles more than anything else in life. One day, Twinkles became very ill. Lisa took Twinkles to the vet. Lisa is very happy that Twinkles is recovering from the illness.
Sam was driving home from work. His car died because it was out of gas. The needle showed that it still had plenty. Sam didn't remember the last time he put gas. Sam needed to get the gauge fixed.
Amy always followed a local band on social media. She learned that they had a concert coming to her hometown. Amy purchased tickets along with three of her friends. They attended the show only to selected by the band to get on stage. Amy got autographs from the band members before leaving the concert.
Abby ate a wonderful meal in a fancy restaurant. There was one particular dish that she especially enjoyed. She inquired with the wait staff about the ingredients in the dish. Abby researched the preparation of the dish online. The results were disappointing when she make it at home.
Bob and Lisa were a couple who wanted to learn the Tango. They signed up for lessons. After a few weeks they became quite good at dancing together. The teacher asked them to be in a dance competition later that year. Bob and Lisa won the competition!
Someone kept taking Kayla's work lunch from the office fridge. Kayla wanted to find a way to stop the lunch thief. She decided to make the most disgusting lunch she could. The man that stole her lunch had to go home sick! Nobody touched Kayla's lunch ever again.
Sam wanted a puppy. Today he went to the SPCA and found one. He decided to name the puppy Rowlf. Rowlf keeps Sam company. Sam now lives happily ever after with Rowlf.
Tim and Tom stayed at the Roach Motel in New York City. When they got home, Tim started itching and Tom was covered in welts. Tim searched their house to find the source of the itching. The suitcases they took to New York were full of bedbugs! Tim called the exterminator while Tom called the lawyer.
The junkies wanted some drugs They didn't have any money and wanted to trade a stolen DVD player. The dealers did not want the DVD player. Besides, the junkies owed them money from the last time they got drugs The junkies had to go without drugs and got very sick.
A fbi agent infiltrated the mob. He became close with members of it. He ended up becoming a made man. He gives up being a fbi. He ends up dying by other made men.
Marco didn't have very much money. He was a hard worker who worked three jobs to keep his family happy. One day, he noticed his shoes were tearing near the toes. A customer saw the hole in his shoes, and Marco was embarrassed. The next day, the customer bought him new shoes, and Marco smiled.
Me and my girlfriend went to the park to see the red leaves. We walked around the park and looked at all of the different trees. Suddenly, my girlfriend noticed an odd shape in the sky and told me. I looked up and saw a weird orb before it vanished. We then continued walking and eventually went back to our car.
Tony walked up to Sandra in the hallway. He had always had a crush on Sandra. Today Tony got up the nerve to ask her out. He asked her out and she said yes. Tony couldn't believe it.
Betty was looking forward to the school prom She went dress shopping with her mother. They picked out a beautiful dress together. She wore it to her prom. Her date told her she looked beautiful and she blushed.
Leslie works for the parks department. At a town meeting people were upset about a pit. She met a new friend there. Leslie promised to take care of it. Leslie started working on getting the pit filled.
My dad wanted to have our driveway paved. He paved an area for the basketball goal. The driveway was longer than average. It made cutting the grass harder. But it helped you know where to drive.
Tara heard strange sounds coming from her attic. She called an exterminator who came out to her house. The exterminator told Tara she had mice in her attic. The exterminator humanely trapped the mice. Tara doesn't hear noises coming from her attic anymore.
Sam didn't enjoy going bowling. His parents always made him tag along with them. Sam thought bowling was pointless and boring. One night, he saw a girl he liked from school in the next lane. Sam spent the whole night having fun with his crush.
Olivia had never tried sushi before. She wasn't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish. Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant. Olivia tried a little of Ann's sushi rolls. She was surprised to find that it did indeed taste delicious.
James realizes he hasn't left his home in days. He decides to go to the park to see if anyone is playing baseball. He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team. They play very hard but in the end the other team wins. James is still happy that he has at least left the house.
Kathy was driving her car on the highway. A squirrel ran out in front of her car. She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident. She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed. She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place.
Gary didn't bother exercising today, and went to bed early. When he woke up, he put on his basketball uniform and left the house. The team got together to discuss gaming plans. Gary agreed to handle the ball first. When he started to run, he caught a cramp and fell.
Allie wanted to play. So she asked her sister to play catch. The girls played for an hour. Allie kept losing though. So finally she wanted to play something else.
Bill didn't like his neighbor. He went to the hardware store and bought some wood. Then he put up a fence. He could no longer see the neighbor. Bill was happy.
Yesterday I got the Star Wars game from the iTunes Store. When I started playing the game it was very fun. I could not stop. I got through numerous levels. It was absolutely amazing.
Jacob decides to host a small party to celebrate fall. He asks each of his friends to bring a fall-related gift. For his party, Jacob bakes a terrific apple pie. All of his guests tell Jacob that he threw a great party. He is very happy that he decided to host a party.
Jeff was a big WWE fan. He had found that the WWE was coming to town in March. He had been saving money for a special occasion. The next morning he went to the bank to get his money for his tickets. He was able to first row tickets.
Jeremy had a large family. He had 8 brothers and 4 sisters and 20 cousins. When his family all has a reunion, there are hundreds of them. Despite there being so many, he remembers all of their birthdays. Thankfully, they all only expect a message rather than a present.
The man interrupted. Everybody else got very quiet. The man said something intelligent. A stranger listened to the man. The stranger could tell the man was respected.
He made the goal for his team. He was very excited. He turned around and saw everyone glaring at him. He asked why they were angry. He had sent the puck to the wrong goal.
Kirk was a middle-aged daredevil. His favorite thing to do was impress his friends with crazy stunts. While rafting in the swamp, Kirk spotted a crocodile. Without thinking twice he jumped off the raft onto the croc's back. It was Kirk's final stunt because he was killed by the angry animal.
My backyard was bland. I decided to build a deck. I built it in three weeks. Alas, I set the foundation wrong. The deck collapsed and I had to hire someone to repair it.
Judy was in a baking contest. She had made an apple pie. She wanted to do something special with her pie. Then she had the idea to cut out shapes in the crust. Her unique pie won a ribbon in the contest.
One day Megan found a toad hopping around the bushes. She thought it was cute, so she decided to pick it up. She did, and the toad peed all over her hand! She certainly hadn't expected that to happen! Megan decided not to pick up any more toads.
Jake loved jumping everywhere. He would jump between any gap. One day, he was jumping between buildings. He jumped between a dozen until he slipped on one building. He slipped before he jumped and stopped jumping buildings.
Juliet fell in love with Rose. Rose was her teacher. Rose didn't feel the same. A scorned Juliet told everyone they'd acted on their love, anyway. Rose lost her job, and can't teach anywhere now.
I found a lost dog in the park one day. The dog followed me around the park. I took him home and placed an ad in the paper. The ad I placed helped me locate his owners. His owners were very thankful I had found their dog.
Joe checked the weather app on his phone. There was a hurricane building on the coast. Joe had supplies in his home, but no transportation to evacuate. He had no choice but to shelter in place. The tornado headed away from his area and he was safe.
Tom always wanted a pet monkey. He looked online and found some options. He saved up for a while until he could buy one. Tom finally was able to get the pet. He loved it for several years.
I went to the small store yesterday. When I got there I wanted some starburst. I grabbed some and went to check out, The man said it was cash only. I had no cash so I had to give it back.
Bernard has a big booming voice. His wife Gail calls it the "BIG voice". Bernard only uses it when one of his kids is in trouble. His kids are so afraid of the sound of it that they are well behaved. I wish my husband had a "BIG voice" too!
Rachael was browsing the internet. She wanted to find good deals online. She came across one website that offered daily coupons. Rachael started to find reviews about the website. Rachael found that the website had mostly good reviews.
Bill is the boss at his sales company. They had a very profitable quarter and Bill knew everyone worked hard. The budget was so good that there was a surplus of ten thousand bucks! Bill divided up the surplus and gave bonuses to all his employees. His staff was very thankful and Bill was thankful for their hard work.
Sam was sleeping on his couch when he heard a meow. Sam didn't have a cat. It came from under the couch. Sam looked under and saw a cat. Sam decided to keep the cat.
Will was bullied heavily by the same people. Will was sick of being treated like dirt. Will brought a gun. Will wasn't planning on shooting them but to make them fear him. Will succeeded in making the bullies afraid but he was arrested.
John missed a meeting at work. He wasn't aware of it. His boss said everyone was e-mailed. For some reason it went to his junk folder. John was able to verify this and didn't get in trouble.
I was camping in the mountains with my best friend. We went to bed late. It was about 2 am when we took our trash to the dumpster. Upon arriving there, we saw a bear eating from it! We quickly ran back to our tent.
Kasey had found out she was pregnant young. When she told her family they were all very mad. Everyone in her family was upset and didn't want to talk to her. She couldn't believe she was in a fight with her whole family. Luckily when her baby came many of them softened up.
Paul created a facebook group. He added 3 other people to help out and be admins with him. One day all of the admins had an argument in a group email. They all decided to overthrow Paul and kick him out of the group. Paul is now no longer a part of the group he created.
I was awakened by a loud clap of thunder. The rain outside was pounding on the roof. I heard tornado sirens wailing in the distance. I ran down the stairs into the basement. A tornado passed over my house that night!
Shauna joined the protest in the street. She felt very passionately about issues. Shauna shouted as loud as anyone in the crowd. Then she noticed the odd looks she was getting. Shauna had joined an anti-woman protest.
I had always been fascinated with the night sky. There is so much I know I cannot see with the naked eye. Viewing Saturn through a telescope was a defining moment of my life. Seeing the ringed planet with my own eyes expanded my worldview. The telescope gives me opportunity to view what some may never see.
Joe never married or had kids. He was very fond of his sister's son, Paul. He took him to the movies and taught him how to fish. Eventually, his sister said Paul's father didn't like it. Joe would still visit, but things weren't the same.
Kiera wanted cereal for breakfast. She checked the cupboard, but there was none left. Kiera then went to go to the grocery store to buy more cereal. When she arrived, she saw that the grocery store had not yet opened. Kiera went back home and decided to have toast for breakfast instead.
John was sitting at his work desk. Someone brought him a bunch of papers from the copy room. John realized the papers were not properly stapled. John stapled all the papers himself. He was pleased he finished the work before lunch.
Our condo buildings were managed by Elite Management in 1998. The property manager, Norm Gopin, was dictatorial. He tried to ban kids from walking on the grass. He tried to fine unit owners for any infractions. The condo association switched firms, thankfully.
The other ballet students made fun of Karen. Karen was heavier than the typical ballerina. But Karen, ignoring their cruelty, worked hard. She gained entry into a prestigious dance school. Her former peers watched with envy as Karen gained fame.
After a long day at school, Mandy was tired. She wanted to nap before her favorite show started. But, Mandy had to clean her room and do her homework. She finished just in time to watch the show. But, Mandy fell asleep during the show.
My dog is a Labrador, and he is very sweet. He sleeps in my bed but that isn't enough cuddling for him. When I wake up he throws himself at my face, snuggling under my head. He stays there wagging his tail for ages. If I miss morning cuddles, he is a brat all day!
Lynn and her friends had come back home and crept in a window. They were now in the basement, and her dad was in the kitchen. They would have to pass the kitchen to get to her room. She wasn't sure what the next step was. But she knew the plan had to be brilliant.
Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker. He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book. They were surprised to hear the voice in the hallway to their cabin. The voice could still be in their cabin, so they called the steward. The steward found that the voice was coming from Bob's pocket phone.
I bought a new video game system. However, I worked so much that I didn't have time to play it. It just sat there beside the television. Soon it began to collect dust. I finally decided to give it to needy children.
I always hated veggies on burgers. I always took them off. One day I kept the lettuce on. It tasted great. After that I always liked veggies on my burgers.
Ian took Hannah to the music festival at night. Afterwards, they went out to eat for dinner. As shy as Ian was towards Hannah, he confessed his love for her. She started to gave an awkward grin on her face. She told him that he's not good enough for her.
Leroy has misplaced his glasses. Unfortunately, his site is so bad he can't look for them. He calls his girlfriend over to help search. After an hour they finally find his glasses under his bed. The next day he buys a lanyard to wear them around his neck Gl.
Zion loved to play cards. She gambled too much. One day she had gambled a lot of money. She ended up winning a lot of money! She had four aces.
I found a wasp nest out front of my house. It was a big one. There were many wasps. I had to get rid of it. I dropped it in a bucket of soapy water.
Samson loved to watch his favorite celebrity's performances. At one live stage concert, his idol came out wearing a stunning dress. Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too! He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration. He was overjoyed when his icon gave him the dress to wear himself!
Tom was hungry. So he prepared lots of food for himself. But after a few bites, he was beginning to lose his appetite. He had two more plates of food. But it all went to waste.
Pamela went to a conference in Chicago. As she wasn't used to see so many new people, she was overwhelmed. She also didn't know where to eat her lunch. So she went to the cafeteria and looked around. A group of strangers waved to her and she was relieved.
As a kid, I loved learning about sea creatures. I wanted to grow up to be a marine biologist and swim with fish. I went snorkeling with my parents to see the fish in their habitat. I had a panic attack while I was snorkeling because of the fish. I realized I didn't want to be a marine biologist anymore.
Driving down the road, I saw a car accident off to the right. The cops had yet to arrive. I stopped my car and got out to help. There was a man bleeding very badly. We waited for the authorities to arrive.
I finally broke down and bought my daughter a tablet. She has been begging me for months. I hesitated buying one because of the cost. She promised me she would take care of it. I guess we will wait and see if she does.
It was a hot day out and Jake was running errands outside. He saw an ice cream store and decided to step in to cool down. He bought a large waffle cone with two scoops of ice cream. As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell. Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone.
The partridge sat in the tree. The hungry homesteaders saw the partridge and loaded their rifle. They took a careful and steady aim at the partridge. The homesteader fired the rifle and hit the partridge with one shot! The partridge fed the homesteaders family for two days.
I collect old press photos of Chinatowns. Two weeks ago I found one on ebay. It was a photo of Boston's Chinatown in 1986. The photo was taken in front of a gate. I was pleased to receive this nice clear image.
I saw an ex-girlfriend at a party. She looked good. She avoided me the whole night. That hurt my feelings. But leaving the party, I saw her in the front yard, vomiting.
Charles met a friendly guy in geology class. He invited Charles on a hike with more students. They took a three-mile hike up a mountain and stopped at a cliff. The students wanted to climb down the mountain. But Charles was too afraid he wouldn't find his way back to the car.
Lucy was in her Sunday School class. Another student showed her to the bathroom. When Lucy emerged the girl was gone. Lucy began walking in the direction she thought they came from. Before long Lucy was lost in the church basement.
Larry worked in a shaved ice shack. One morning, he noticed that the ice machine was broken. He needed to find a way to prepare the ice. He decided to put the ice in a bag. Then, he used a mallet to crush it all up.
Lucy had a broken fridge for a long time. She wanted to get it repaired. But unfortunately it was simply too expensive. Lucy could not afford it. So it was cheaper to simply buy another one.
My wife bought People this week. It featured the Final Five US Olympians. She got it to read the story. I asked her to buy me a copy. I intend to store it and sell it on eBay in the future.
Adam worked in real real estate. He was very good at what he did and sold a lot of houses. One day adam decided he also wanted to flip houses to make extra money. He bought his first house later that week. He did the flip in under a month and made a lot of money.
Ned had no idea what to do with his life. He was finishing high school and knew he had to decide fast. Then his dad invited him to join the family law firm. Ned decided that law school sounded pretty agreeable. He was relieved to have a plan and a goal now!
Justin met a woman he adored. They fell in love quickly. Justin proposed and she said yes. He soon had to meet her family. They ended up liking him and they all got along.
Jamie took her baby and set it down in the crib. Then she went to cook broccoli. She heard a loud thump from the baby's bedroom. She ran into the room to see if the baby had fallen. Her baby was running around the room.
Elizabeth was given a baby blanket when she was born. She loved her blanket so much, that it wore out. Elizabeth asked her Auntie to please fix her blanket. Her Auntie tried but couldn't fix the blanket. Instead her Auntie made a new blanket and Elizabeth was happy.
Ana was meeting a friend at a park. She didn't see her friend. Ana called her friend. Ana realized she was at the wrong park. She left to meet her friend.
Tom was trying to quit smoking. He bought some nicotine gum as an alternative. Tom noticed that the nicotine gum was helping. After a month, Tom no longer chews the nicotine gum. Tom is now completely tobacco-free.
Ben was making good progress. He had only recently started going to the gym. His trainer had helped him getting started. Ben was on his way now. He was already losing weight and gaining muscle by lifting weights.
Al was a rowdy guy. After drinking for several hours he was particularly boisterous. He started a fight with a stranger leaving the bar. Al lost badly. The next night he went back and did it again.
It was the morning of Katie's first birthday party! Her parents rushed around the house, cleaning and cooking. Many guests arrived at the house, bearing colorfully wrapped presents. Everyone had lunch and cake. Afterwards, Katie opened her presents!
Malcolm hated animals and did not have any pets. While out walking, he came across an injured, bloody puppy. Malcolm felt bad and took the pup to the vet. When the vet released the pup, Malcolm took it home with him. He named the puppy Fighter and gave it a good home.
Joanne has a big garden. She enjoys picking the fresh veggies everyday. She went out to the garden to do just that. Joanne found not vegetables but rabbits eating them. She found one tomato plant untouched.
One day Tina was on YouTube. She loved going on it. She found a great album. Immediately she bought it. She listened to it everyday.
Adam was a piano player. He should play Mozart's piano concerto today. He came for a rehearsal. Orchestra started to play a different piano concerto. An orchestra made fun of him.
Jake had a fast approaching midterm exam. He was extremely nervous about this exam. If he failed the exam he wouldn't pass his class. Jake studied every night for three hours. He passed the exam and class with a high grade.
Ed's friend Eric was playing with a yo-yo. He asked Ed if he'd like to watch him walk the dog. Ed was confused because he didn't see a dog anywhere! Eric burst out laughing when Ed asked where the dog was. Then Ed proceeded to show him the walk the dog yo-yo trick.
Mary's car was sliding in the snow. She took it to a garage for assessment. The mechanic said she needed snow tires, with better grip. Mary agreed to get the tires. She was happy to make her car safer in the snow!
Charles loved being outside. His babysitter had taken him to a new park. He was swinging and sliding all day. When it was time to go, Charles threw a fit. He wanted to stay outside all day!
John was in the final of his school's bowling tournament. He was up against another very good bowler. It was down to the final frame to win. He sent his bowling ball flying. He nailed a strike and won!
There was a kid named Mary that had a black cat. The black cat always gave her the creeps. Normally the black cat would sit in the window or look at Mary. One day Mary opened the door and cat got out and it ran away. After that Mary lived a happy life, and not a scary one.
The neighbors dogs bark all day. I threw a hot dog at them. They stopped barking for a minute. Then they started barking again. I didn't waste anymore hot dogs after that.
Elizabeth was baking chocolate chip cookies with her mother. When her mother was distracted, Elizabeth added extra chips. Elizabeth worried as the cookies baked that her mother might be mad. They turned out to be the gooiest, richest cookies she had ever eaten. Her mother thought they were delicious and was not angry!
I went out yesterday. However I couldn't figure out what to do. I ate fast food in a parking lot. I sat there trying to think of something fun. I then decided I would just go home and sleep.
Martin and his mom went to the zoo. They saw monkeys, tigers, lions, and even penguins. They also talked with a zookeeper about the animals. They spent all day at the zoo, having an amazing time. On the way home, Martin told his mom he wanted to be a zookeeper.
The man claimed to be a doctor. Someone asked for some medicine. He was not really a doctor. He admitted to telling a lie. His reputation was destroyed.
Hannah enjoyed writing short stories. She enjoyed sharing them with her boyfriend, Matt, even more. After sharing her 100th story with Matt, he started to get annoyed. He warned her to never share another story with him again. She did anyway and he beat her up for ignoring him.
Sam had a sweet old pit bull who never hurt anyone. The dog had been with Sam since he was a baby, and was very old. One of Sam's neighbors raised a fuss and called animal control anyway. Sam organized a protest and put his dog all over social media. The dog was reunited with Sam and they were so thankful.
Kelly's mom made the best trail mix. Kelly really wanted the recipient from her. She asked her numerous times for the recipe. Finally her mom gave in. Now Kelly was able to make it.
Justin was shopping at the grocery store. Unloading the cart, he dropped the eggs on the parking lot. Justin finished unpacking his groceries. He went back into the store. Justin bought a new box of eggs.
Kay had always told her two eldest kids to be quiet in the morning. She had wanted to let the baby sleep. Unfortunately, her eleven year old decided to be loud. Kay was stuck with a cranky baby all day because of this mistake. Kay forced to threaten her kids with a grounding if it happened again.
Tina took a pregnancy test. The test results came back positive, and she told Brad. He was angry at first however, he understood. When Brad's parents found out, they agreed to support them. For instance, they emptied out a room for them to stay in.
Parker has a big English test. He was extremely stressed about it and made himself sick. When he got to class, he was very nervous. The teacher gave out the tests and Parker got sick. He went home without taking his test.
Last week we went to the Prophets of Rage concert at Pine Knob. The music was amazing. We got to see some friends we hadn't hung out with in a while. We ate some really good food. It was a really nice night off from real life worries.
Rob and Sue went to the Zoo. Sue loves monkey's so they decided to go look at the monkey exhibits. Sue was really close to the monkey cage. One of the monkey's reached out and grabbed Sue's hair. A zoo keeper had to come and get the monkey to let go of her hair.
Our son went to Nantasket Beach in Hull, MA last week. He said the water was warm. He spent hours on the beach. He got a sunburn, even after wearing sun screen. His back is sore today.
Iris' brother had a baseball game today. She loved going to see his games. When she arrived at the field she was excited. At the end of the game he won. Iris was thrilled.
Eva went to the beach one day. She decided to get a suntan. She laid out on the sand. But then she dozed off! Eva woke with a terrible sunburn.
Online gaming has created a thriving independent games market. I intend to start up a new indie game studio of my own. Now all I need is to find some competent programmers. I have no programming knowledge of my own. I will ask my friend tomorrow if he would like to work for free.
Jane went to go see a popular movie on a Friday night. She waited in a long line to get her ticket. When she made it to the front she asked for the movie. The theater worker told her she bought the last one. Everyone behind her became angry.
Jennifer had to blow balloons for her nephews birthday party. She suffered from asthma but decided to do it anyways. She ended up managing to blow up 20 balloons. She noticed that her lungs became stronger afterwards. She now operates her own lung rehabilitation clinic.
Fred was excited to start his online cooking course. The course was to start in a few minutes. He logged into the course and joined the intro live class. There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor. Fred ended up completing the online course with a passing grade.
Jake's goal is to be able to lift a car. He thinks it'll make him more impressive than other weight lifters. Jake buys protein drinks and other supplements. He practices every day. He's sure he'll eventually accomplish his goal.
The school was having a senior prom. My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom. I bought a dress and high heels. My dress was blue with sparkles. My boyfriend loved my dress.
Todd was on spring break with his friends. They went to visit China. They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination. Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport. They crew of friends had a great time in China.
Occasionally Yari liked to go for walks for exercise. Sometimes she would walked to the local grocery stores. On Yari's 17th birthday she was feeling down and forgotten She was wishing that something good could just happen for her. She went for a walk and found $270 laying in the grass in a bare lot.
It was Christmas morning. Sue woke up early to open her presents. Her face lit up when she unwrapped a large box. It was a N64 video game console from her parents! Sue spent the entire afternoon playing video games.
As soon as I walked outside I was miserable. It was way too hot to be out there. I went back inside and sat down. I checked the weather station. They said it was going to be over 100 degrees.
Will was looking for a new pair of running shoes. Will went to his local sporting goods store. Will compared styles, fits and prices. Will finally made his choice - a pair of New Balance shoes. Michael went home feeling good about his purchase.
Ian walked to the store. He went inside the store. Ian picked up a bag of chips. He also got a can of soda. Ian paid for his snacks and left.
I bought a new lip balm. It was from the Disney brand. It was based on the tum tums game. It was shaped like winnie the pooh. I opened it to find the smell of honey in the wax.
Gina was in Illinois with her family. She decided she should visit her dad's mom. She had been dreading the visit for a week. She wasn't excited since she knew it would be boring. She decided to go because she knew it was the right thing to do.
MJ wasn't happy in her relationship. On paper, it was perfect. She couldn't understand why she wasn't happy. She did the difficult thing. Now MJ is single.
The Conleys were always prepared for a natural disaster to happen. When they found out a huge snowstorm was coming, they didn't panic. They had enough rations for all five people to last months. The storm came and trapped them in their house for almost three weeks. As the snow melted, they realized they were the town's only survivors.
Abby was on her way home after a long day at work. As Abby was about to turn right into her complex, she was hit. Abby parked the car, and got out of her vehicle. However, the other driver kept driving. Abby was horrified that someone would hit her car and not stop.
Carol's oven mitt had a hole in it. She used it to get a hot casserole out of the oven. Because of the hole, Carol burned her finger. Carol had to go to the emergency room. When she got home, Carol threw the oven mitt in the garbage.
My uncle Gary knocked on my door early one morning. He was frustrated because I was still in bed. He tried to jimmy the lock, and Jannie told him not to. He said I didn't have an alarm, but he was wrong. He was very embarrassed when the alarm started going off.
Rihanna was so excited and nervous for her job interview. She spent hours practicing what she would say in front of the mirror. She tried on seven outfits before deciding on something sensible. She was sure she was ready for the interview. Rhianna had no problem landing the overnight stocking job at Walmart.
Alicia decided she wanted to go to a baseball game. When she went it was boring. She sat there waiting for something to happen. Before she knew it, a ball hit her in the head. Thankfully she was already.
Bailey has a pet rat. She adopted it when her friend couldn't take care of it anymore. Bailey and her rat are inseparable. She carries it around on her shoulder wherever she goes. The rat is happier with Bailey than it has ever been.
Allen was a baseball player. His big game coincided with his family reunion. He had to choose what he wanted to do. He decided to go to his game. It was good that he did because his team won.
Kelsey has a date tonight. She doesn't have anything to wear. Kelsey goes to the mall to buy an outfit. She finally found the perfect outfit to wear on her date. Kelsey has a great date in her cute new outfit.
Audrey found a book she liked and brought it to the library counter. The librarian smiled and complimented Audrey's choice. However, Audrey forgot she had an overdue library book checked out. The librarian said that she had to return the other book first. Disappointed, Audrey went home to fetch the overdue book.
Inez started to snore, and it bothered her husband. It kept him from sleeping at night, and this made him grouchy. He insisted that Inez see a doctor about her snoring. The doctor diagnosed her with sleep apnea, and treated her. Now Inez no longer snores, but her husband is still grouchy.
Kasey was with her baby in the park. She bought an ice cream cone and shared with her baby. Then the baby was covered in sticky mess. She got some wipes to clean him up. Luckily the boy was soon cleaned up.
Tim was a deep thinker. He thought about what is most important in life. He determined that joy was most important. He decided to build his life around joy. He lived a joyous life and was very happy.
Barry wanted to remodel his bathroom. Barry wanted to give the bathroom a much needed face lift. Barry decided he would change the single sink to a double sink. In addition, Barry would install a state of the art shower as well. After the renovation, Barry was pleased with the remodeled bathroom.
Otis walked outside to find his car was missing. He quickly called the cops to file a report. The police officer showed up at Otis's home. Otis gave a statement to the officer. The officer drove away and filed the report.
Jones loved playing hockey. He practiced very hard. He ended up joining the high school team. He led the team in points during the season. He was named team MVP.
The Moores had a vacation coming up. They decided to go overseas. They could go by plane or boat. Mom was afraid of heights. They decided to go on a boat.
Bob dreamed about growing up and being a writer. Every day, he wrote short stories to practice. Deciding to take a bigger project, he started to write a novel. Finishing his novel, he submitted it to a publisher. His book was quickly published, selling millions of copies.
I needed some garlic for tonight's dinner. When I went to the grocery store they were out. I thought I'd substitute onions instead. It didn't go well and I ruined the dish I was trying to make. I'll never substitute ingredients again.
Tim was painting. He was using acrylic paints. He got paint on his shirt. He was sad that the paint would not come off. Until he decided to paint a pretty picture on his shirt.
Patti's marriage was going sour. She and her husband were fighting everyday. Patti was at her wits end. She finally decided to get a divorce. Her husband agreed as well.
Charlie also picked up Pat Pat was fed up with it. Pat asked him to fight him after school They fought. Pat ended up winning
Susie had a dance coming up. She was afraid of getting asked. She was not sure if anyone would do it. But thankfully her friend Fred asked her. She was happy to have Fred ask her.
I woke up at 6am this morning. I made coffee for myself and husband. We sat down at our computers and got to work. We started doing surveys first. We wanted batches, but there were very few.
Ned was playing Call of Duty. He went to go get some Doritos. When he came back, his player was dead. Ned came back with a vengeance. He killed every player on the server.
Tom had a favorite pair of jeans. One day they got a hole in them. Tom didn't want to get rid of them. He got a patch to put over the hole. Tom kept wearing them for several more years.
When I was a kid my sister pulled the chair out from under me. I was getting ready to sit when she did it. The whole family stood around laughing at me. I was laying there in pain because I hurt my tailbone pretty bad. I couldn't walk right for some time and they thought it was funny.
I remember when I was younger always playing Mario Kart. We would play it on the old N64. I would always pick Yoshi, and my cousin would be Bowser. We would have so much fun going around the track. Sometimes I think about and miss those fun days.
Larry loved to fish for lobster. He had more lobster meat than he could carry. He opened a shack on the beach selling fresh lobster. He became a huge hit! He's made thousands selling his lobster!
My coworker Frank is 45 years old. He is very tall and wide. Despite his size Frank has a soft voice. My other coworker calls him Shrek. I think of Frank as a cute teddy bear.
Carrie is a vulgar comedian. Her acts draw laughs and protests from the crowd. A heckler frustrates Carrie and she says offensive things. The crowd is offended and leaves. Carrie is no longer a comedian.
Four friends like to ride horses. They went and caught mustangs. The four friends domesticated the mustangs. The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada. The four friends never forgot that trip.
Tally was a very popular girl. She had been asked to the prom by two different boys. As prom grew closer she knew she needed to pick one. She debated long and hard but in her heart she knew who she wanted. She picked the boy she really liked and they had a great time.
Ben was a cake maker. Ben thought he was the best cake maker in the entire world. Ben went on a reality show about baking. The host was very mean to Ben and said his cake was terrible. But Ben won the competition anyway.
My boss worked for a railroad once. He was given a locomotive bell. He asked me to sell it on eBay. It sold for $800. My boss was very pleased.
We went to the ballgame. It was starting pretty late. We took blankets and sat on the ground. We ate nachos and drank sodas. We enjoyed the game and the evening.
The parents rented a bouncy slide for their daughter's birthday. She and her friends went down the slide dozens of times. When the party was over, they were exhausted. The daughter asked if they could rent it next year, too. The parents were glad she had a great party.
Steve arrives late to work almost every day. His manager tells him he needs to start getting to work earlier. One day Steve feels lazy and doesn't come to work at all. He is fired. Now Steve wishes he had been more responsible.
My car was very old. It kept breaking down on me. I went to the dealer to look at new ones. It was a hard decision. I chose a white Toyota.
Kim hadn't had a pistachio since she was a kid. At the bakery they had pistachio macaroons. Kim decided she would give pistachio another shot and bought one. To her delight the cookie was delicious. She decided pistachio wasn't so bad after all.
Drake loved Italian food. Pizza was his favorite. He rolled out the dough. He added pepperoni and cheese. He loved to cook it on the grill.
Tom was spending a lot of time on facebook. Tom really enjoyed facebook. Tom was getting poor grades in school. Tom decided to quit facebook for a month. Tom's grades went up during that month, he was happy.
Justin took a trip to Omaha this summer. He wanted to see a game at the college world series. He got to the big stadium, went in and found his seat. He sat through all nine innings and was there all night. He loved watching the game and had fun for his first time in Omaha.
I was on my way to work. Suddenly, it started to rain. I had to walk for miles in the rain. I got closer to my work and it rained harder. When I got to work, I was soaking wet.
I wanted kentucky fried chicken. I looked all around for one. I could not find it. I searched further. And found one 100 miles away.
Jane's grandmother was sick. She had been in the hospital for a few days. Eventually Jane got the bad news. Her grandmother had passed. Jane expected it but was still sad.
Joe found a wallet in the men's bathroom at school. He saw the ID and returned it to the boy. The boy was so grateful! He offered Joe $5 for returning it. But Joe refused - he was just happy to do a good deed.
Terry wanted a new cell phone. She didn't have the money for it though. She got a second job. She saved enough money for the phone. She quit her second job.
I went to eat shrimp scampi at a restaurant. Suddenly, I got very sick. It turns out I am allergic to shrimp scampi. I was sad that I suddenly could not eat my favorite dish. However, I decided that eating fried shrimp is just as good.
Keith always wanted a lucky rabbit's foot. He asked his parents for one. They searched an online store to find one. Keith picked out a small furry white rabbits foot on a keychain. The wrong one arrived in the mail it was grey rabbit's foot key chain.
Ben purchased a new house. He moved in with his girlfriend and dog. Since the place was unfamiliar to the dog, he was nervous. When Ben released him from his leash, he was running around. Ben had to throw him in the shower since he urinated on the floor.
Adam had always had long hair. At school he was known as long haired Adam. This year was different though. On the first day of school. Adam walked in with a haircut and everyone was shocked.
Weeks ago, my family and I began and garden in our backyard. We plowed the dirt into furrows and places various seeds inside. Every day, we'd water the dirty and check the ground for weeds. Slowly but surely, little sprouts began to emerge from the ground. Our family was in awe about how our hard work produced new life.
Tim's yard would always have trash in it. Wind would bring it around from the neighborhood. After a while Tim got a fence to keep it out. It worked up to a point. Eventually the fence gathered a lot of trash.
Connie always loved her grandmother's biscuits. She had them often growing up. She remembers always wanting to know how to make them. Her grandmother finally showed her how. Now she never visits anymore.
Kelly's parents argued all the time, and it made her sad. One day, they sat down with her to discuss something important. She cried when her parents told her they were divorcing. Kelly was really sad and thought she'd never be happy again. Things got better though because the arguing stopped for good.
Micah was at work. His bike was chained up out back. When he went to ride his bike home, it was gone. He checked the tapes and saw that it had been stolen. He was never able to find it.
Ellen went to the store. She bought broccoli. She steamed it when she got home. Her children didn't want to eat it. So she poured sugar on the broccoli.
I loved my skates very much. I put them on immediately when I got them. I roller skated up and down the street. One day my mom called me into the house. I ran up the stairs without thinking, slipped, and fell.
Since she was a little girl, Helen was afraid to look under the bed. Now that she was grown up, she knew there weren't any monsters. But she still felt uncomfortable about what was down there. One day a ring she dropped rolled under the bed so she had to look. She found her favorite childhood toy she thought she'd lost under it.
Francine knows that it is important to build good credit. She decides to apply for a credit card at her local bank. She studies the interest rates, fees, and benefits. Finally she applies for the card that is perfect for her. Francine is happy to be able to start building her credit.
Bob got detention. He was bored. He decided to draw on his desk. The teacher caught him. He was sentenced two more days of detention.
Our property has a lot of thorns. We've been working at cleaning them out. My dog has been trying to "help." He got a thorn in his paw. After we took it out, he kept bounding through the thorns.
I've always wanted to be able to lift four hundred pounds over my head. Right now I can lift about three hundred pounds that high. I got myself a trainer and worked real head for a year. I ate right and got plenty of sleep. About a year later I became stronger and reached my goal!
Floyd owned a funeral home. He bought a shiny new hearse. He used it at the next funeral he did. The family really loved the sleek new car. Floyd knew it had been a wise purchase.
Loud noises were driving me crazy. He was smacking while he ate. It disgusted and angered me. I wanted to scream at him to shut up. I stayed quiet so I wouldn't cause an argument.
Jim decided to walk to the store down the road. It was very hot and Jim soon began to tire. Jim decided to turn around and head back home. Workers doing road work saw Jim was hot and gave him water. Jim drank the water and was able to walk back home.
I checked a book out from the library. It was a terrible book. I laid it on a table until it was time to return it. One day, I spilled coffee all over it. The library asked me to pay for the ruined book.
Tom was using a computer. He was transferring files from his thumb drive. Tom's friend didn't realize it. He accidentally pulled the thumb drive out. Tom lost several files.
Ashley went to the mall with her mother. She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops. While walking around, she wandered away from her mother. She did not see her anywhere so she went to a guard for help. He called her mother's' name over the intercom and they were reunited.
Fred bought a house next to his friend Mike. Fred often visited Mike at his house and vice versa. One day Mike got really sick. Fred helped to take care of him. Mike is forever grateful for his friend Fred.
Donna just gave birth to her new baby girl! She is so happy but nervous at the same time. Her husband Dave surprised her with a bunch of parenting books. Donna read them all cover to cover. She is now more prepared than ever to be a mom.
I had lunch with Joe and Harry  three years ago. Our wives went last time. This time Joe said he was separated. Harry and I agreed that taking our wives might be awkward. So we are going solo this time.
Mike decided to grow an evil mustache. He wanted a long, pencil thin one, like the villains in movies had. Mike achieved his goal of growing his facial hair the way he wanted. He'd twirl the ends around menacingly and annoy everyone around him. He shaved it all off after it got caught in an elevator's door.
Sally and her family were ready for their big trip. They were going to be traveling to Europe for the first time. They went and saw the sights of great cities like Paris and London. Sally was so happy about the trip. It was an incredible time and she got to experience it with her family.
I was looking at the health grade of a restaurant I go to. And I was not surprised that it had an A. But I read that there were still many health violations. And some seemed very serious. Despite this, I still plan on going to the restaurant again.
Kelly is at school. Kelly is eating lunch. After finishing she takes her tray to the trash. While walking to take the tray she trips and falls. Embarrassed Kelly leaves school and goes home.
Mickey was playing in his living room with his toys. He wasn't expecting it when his family dog pounced on him. Suddenly the dog began biting the toddler's ear hard. Mickey's dad kicked the dog away. Mickey's parents immediately agreed to send the dog away.
Gina arms were still shaking as she checked out. She had exerted herself carrying gallons of water in a basket. They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles. And as she searched her purse for her wallet. Now she needed to figure out how she would get the water to her car.
John was sitting at his desk. He received an email. The email was from a requester on Amazon Mechanical Turk. The email requested that John carefully check for spelling errors. John now checks his work more thoroughly for the requester.
John moved into a new house and found the whirlpool tub didn't work. He could hear the motor click on but nothing would happen. John had to cut a hole in the wall to get to the motor. He took the motor apart and all it needed was a good cleaning. Now the tub works and John's wife is very happy.
Tom was looking for a flower for his girlfriend today. He took a trip to the nearby florist to take a look. The moment Tom walked into the store, he saw the flower he wanted. The flower was bright red and absolutely perfect. Tom walked out of the store with the pretty flower in hand.
I started my own fiction book not that long ago. I took my time and wrote plotlines and outlines. I even incorporated foreshadowing and symbolism. The hardest part is making transitions, in my opinion. I haven't finished yet, but I will soon.
Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work. Her husband told her he was laid off from his job. Barbara is very worried because they have three children. Everyday, her husband leaves early to go to interviews and job sites. Barbara is now happy her husband has landed another job.
During my recent visit, my dentist told me that I had no new cavities. For the past year, I had been diligent in brushing my teeth. I had also started a daily regimen of flossing twice a day. This all paid off. After this, I plan to also start using an oral rinse every day.
Missy and her husband were having a sailing day. Their boat was out at sea rushing through waves. Suddenly their boat hit some sort of rock. They began taking on water as the boat slowly sank. They climbed into a life raft and luckily help came quickly.
Olivia really loved going to the movies. She tried to go at least once a week. This week nobody wanted to go with her. She decided to go alone. She really enjoyed what she watched.
Sam tried to take a shower. The water was cold. It wouldn't heat up. He checked the water heater. It was broken and needed to be replaced.
Brad's favorite team went to the superbowl. Brad's friend's favorite team was also in the super bowl. Brad bragged that his team would crush the other team. Brad's team lost in humiliating fashion. Brad learned not to get prematurely excited again.
I came home hungry from work. I raced to the fridge in order to look for my sub. Since I couldn't find it, I asked my mom if she ate it. She said yes while the sub was in her hand. I became infuriated.
Brad and Kim were engaged. One night, Brad came home very late. He told Kim he had been working. She found lipstick on his shirt. Kim called off the wedding.
Blaine was a young man. He worked at Taco bell. He didn't have a car or much money. He would often walk to his place of work. Blaine walked to work every single day he had to.
Larry has had a sore throat for weeks. He knows he has to do something about it. Larry drinks a pot of herbal tea. Soon after drinking the tea, his sore throat subsides. Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat.
I really like the pens I use. They write cleanly and smooth. So last week I was a bit hesitant to loan one out to a coworker. Eventually I obliged. I regret it because I haven't gotten it back yet.
Kim was expecting a ring for Christmas from Tim. She had been waiting 2 years for him to propose. The gift box was too big but she thought maybe a ring box was inside. Kim opened the box to find pajamas. Kim was disappointed, but pretended to like the pajamas.
When my brother and I were small my mother brought us toy guns. Two guns and two holsters came in a set. We had to decide who play the Indian and who play the Cowboy. Both of us  wanted to play the Cowboy. We were hooked on TV where the Cowboys always over power the Indians.
I just opened a retirement fund at work. They will match whatever I put into it. I figure I can save a lot of money in the next few years. I have to make sure to keep watch of it. I know the stocks can go up and down a lot.
One day it was cold outside. We went shopping. We had forgotten our money. We had to apply for the store credit card. We were accepted and were able to make our purchase.
Neil felt bad for his little cousin, who was being bullied at school. Neil gave his cousin some tips on how to stick up for himself. The next day, he walked his cousin to school. No one picked on him when his older cousin Neil was with him. The boy gained confidence and from then on, the bully backed off.
Ellen has always wanted to own a leather jacket. When she starts looking for a jacket, she finds they are expensive. Finally she discovers a leather jacket in her price range. She tries on the jacket and it fits perfectly. Ellen feels so stylish and cool in her new leather jacket.
Mary was waiting for a bus to arrive. She felt like it should have pulled up by now. She looked online to review the schedule. That's when she realized they didn't run on weekends. She gave up on her Saturday adventure and went home.
Kayla needed a new couch. Hers was old and smelly. She finally found the one she wanted. She sold her old one and bought the new one. The new couch looked perfect in her house.
Andrew made a plate of chicken for himself. He heard the phone ring. He went to answer it. He came back and the chicken was gone. He looked at his dog licking his lips.
Dan was trying to show off to his girlfriend. He decided to pick her up and carry her. While trying to he hurt his back. He was unable to get back up. It turned out to be badly broken.
Julia loved her mom's clothes, but was never allowed to wear them. Her mom went on a business trip, and Julia's aunt stayed to watch her. While her aunt was sleeping, she snuck a skirt from her mom's closet. The next day at school, Julia spilled grape juice all over the skirt. Her mother was furious when she found out, and Julia was grounded.
The elephant was new to the zoo. He was very scared and timid. The zookeepers worked with him for months. Soon he was confident and happy. They introduced him to the other elephants and he was happy.
My son's friend Stef was playing at the pool in 1992. They were both three years old. Stef stepped on a bee and was stung. His dad, a karate instructor, told him to shake it off. I was surprised by his macho behavior.
My 99 year old neighbor Sam is getting forgetful. Most days he does not remember what he did the day before. Today we had an outdoor luncheon provided by the building manager. Sam came, his hair uncombed and very unshaven. We are trying to call his daughter to voice our concerns.
Anne decided to raise funds for her school with a bake sale. Lisa promised to buy plenty of cookies from Anne. Anne waited all day, but Lisa never arrived at the bake sale. Lisa later explained that she had been busy, but she kept her promise. She had sent many other customers to purchase cookies for her.
Allie had to go to a funeral. She put on her best dressed clothing. When they got to the funeral home she looked in the casket. It was rather dreary. Allie could not believe she was dead.
Doug had his own business. He realized it was making a lot of money. An investor approached him to open at another location. Doug accepted the proposal. Now Doug is a millionaire.
It was the first time these two teams had played in 15 years. Much had changed for both schools in that time. The fans were excited to experience the rivalry game. The team that used to dominate, had weakened over the years. It was a close game, but the home team eventually won.
Just before my normal lunch time I got a phone call. Quickly, I answered it to see what Ashley needed. She said we was interested in going to lunch in an hour. I postponed my lunch time and met her a little later at a burger joint. We had an amazing time!
When he was younger, Anthony was bullied for being the smallest kid. In the eighth grade, Anthony finally hit a growth spurt. Throughout high school, he dominated on the basketball court. After a successful college career, he was drafted into the NBA. Today, Anthony uses his fame to promote anti-bullying initiatives.
Evan loved his girlfriend Julia. He decided to ask Julia to marry him. He dropped to one knee and proposed. He couldn't believe his good luck when Julia replied. She began to cry and eagerly said yes!
Camryn does not like to read. She has to read for school. Her teacher made her keep track of reading minutes. She had to keep a log. Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month.
Javier has kept a photograph of his ex girlfriend for Years. Even though she is gone, he finds it comforting to see her picture. His friend tell him this is an unhealthy habit. Finally he agrees with them and throws out the picture. He finally feels ready to face life without her photograph.
I was talking to my niece's teenage daughter the other day. She has had trouble getting work. She was let go from her last job as she was rather slow. I tried to talk her into doing mTurk, as there are no bosses. She refused to even think about it.
Sarah wanted to drive around. It was a nice day. She decided to put the top down on her convertible. It started to rain. She was soaked and had to pull over.
Sandy was driving from out of town. She was supposed to meet her mother for lunch. There was a big traffic jam on the interstate. Sandy got stuck in the traffic. Sandy rescheduled and met her mom for dinner instead.
One day Tom took the wrong bus instead of his usual bus. He ended up lost on the other side of town. He wandered for a bit and ended up even more lost. He decide to ask a stranger for help. The stranger pointed Tom to the right bus and Tom got Home.
I love eating junk foods although it not good in our health. But i can't resist eating those especially potato fries. One day i bought 1 pound of potato fries and eat all of it. Then, i was rushed to the hospital because of too much potato fries. Since then, i always check my proper diet.
Tina had been having a rough week. Her cat died a few days ago. Then this morning she found out her mother had died. Tina felt beside herself. So she decided to take a trip to see a therapist.
Ella was making dinner. Then she realized she was out of potatoes. She hurried to the store. There, she bought a bag of potatoes. Then she went home to finish cooking dinner.
Jake didn't drink much. He went out to the bar with friends. His friends were taking shots. Jake thought it looked like fun and joined in. He wound up throwing up shortly after.
The girls got ready for the Taylor Swift concert. They were so excited! When the concert started, they sang until they were hoarse. At the end of the night, they went home. They couldn't sleep at all because they were so happy!
Jim took a long road trip. He stopped at a restaurant in the middle of nowhere. When Jim got back into his car, he realized the battery died. He tried and tried to start the car. With his last try, he was able to get the car started again.
My daughter and son in law went to a wedding in 2014. The wedding reception had only vegan appetizers. No dinners were served. My son in law does not eat vegetables, and starved. They had to get subs on the way home from the wedding.
Sally was eight and couldn't swim. Her older brother Eli decided to teach her. He helped her get comfortable in the pool. Then, he helped her to practice swimming around. After a few hours, she finally got the hang of it.
Pam bought a very expensive dress for a party. She was complimented on her choice by all. When the party was over though, she didn't want to keep the dress. She went to the store to return it. But as she used this tactic too often, she was refused this time.
John is very tired. He decides to go to bed early today. He goes to bed at 10. The neighbors start making a lot of noise. John spends all night awake.
Bob bought a new sports car. And he wanted to see how fast it could go. So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM. And he reached 140 MPH. But he was too scared to go any faster.
I went to see a scary movie the other day. It was about zombies. Everyone around me thought that the movie was very scary. I didn't think the movie was that scary. That made me feel very brave and fearless.
Greg had a problem. He was never first for anything. In school all the other kids got things first. His mother put his mind at ease. She said he would always be first in her heart.
Jim was disappointed to learn he had orders to an undesirable country. Jim's family couldn't go with him and he would miss them terribly. He researched procedures for deployments. The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position. Jim had been in his position too short a time so he was able to stay.
It all started with a rain storm. Jan walked out to the garage and saw a puddle on the floor. She looked up and noticed the ceiling was bulging. To avoid further damage, Jan lanced the bulge with a broomstick. A gush of water escaped the ceiling and drenched Jan.
My cousin had an all ladies night now. However, she only invited all of the kids. Once their parents found out, they were irritated. They didn't allow their kids to go anywhere. As a result, my cousin had to cancel her plans.
Margaret had an ultrasound scheduled for her pregnancy. She arrived at the office on time. Then she tried to check in. There was a problem with her insurance. Unfortunately, the appointment had to be postponed.
Josh was the best football player at his school. He was the captain of the team and won many awards. One game he injured his leg really badly. He was told he couldn't play football anymore. He decided to be coach instead and he is still very successful.
Molly and Mary woke up early on Easter Sunday. The girls were very devout Catholics, so they were excited for church. The service was long, but they felt like it was very enjoyable. After the service they went out for lunch and talked about church. The went home and read their bibles before going to bed that night.
Amy and Beth were discussing their 1st day of junior high on the phone Amy was excited to tell Beth all about a new boy she met. After she told Beth about Ray Beth was silent. It turned out Beth also had a crush on Ray. The girls sat stunned in silence.
Trevor was in a hurry to get to work. He got stuck behind some guy at a red light. When it turned green the guy didn't go. Trevor wailed on the horn and shouted to no avail. The car was stalled and needed to be towed.
Evan wanted to quit smoking - he smoked a whole pack a day! He decided to cut down slowly, one cigarette per day. He tapered down very, very gradually to minimize withdrawal. Soon he was almost nicotine-free, and he was so proud. He kept with his program until he was a non-smoker!
Sandy was doing her homework. She spilled juice all over her homework paper. Her mother left the paper on the counter overnight. The homework had dried out. Sandy picked up the paper and was able to turn it in.
Jody wanted to buy a house. She was tired of renting. She finally found one in her price range. She put in an offer and it was accepted. Jody was excited to start closing.
Ed was running late for work as usual. He couldn't find his car keys anywhere. He called a friend to pick him up. He got the lunch he had packed out of the fridge. His car keys were on the refrigerator shelf.
Diana caught her son playing with a bottle of coffee. The coffee has spilled and rubbed into the carpet. Nothing she tried would get all of the stain out of the carpet. She was about to give up and replace the floor. Luckily her friend suggested a simple baking soda trick that worked.
John asked his friend what he thought about god. His friend answered in a curt manner that there was no such thing. John considered his friend's answer for a moment. John then asked his friend why he bothered to come to church. His friend pointed to the cute girl sitting just ahead of them.
For as long as Jake could remember, he loved when the mailman came. Every time the mailman came, he would give Jake a few pieces of candy. One day the mailman stopped coming and a new one was in his place. Jake told the new mailman what the old mailman used to do for him. Now every time the new mailman comes around, he has candy for Jake.
Terry needed to pick her daughter up after school. She wasn't feeling well. Terry took a nap. She forgot to set her alarm. Terry was late to pick up her daughter at school.
Anna was failing her sophomore college English class. One day her professor asked her to stay after. He told Anna he would pass her if she went on a date with him. Anna considered the offer, but she refused in the end. She failed the class, but she kept her self-respect!
Alfred was getting an aquarium. He put the tank on a shelf in his room. He filled it with water. Alfred put a filter in the aquarium. Alfred went to the pet store to buy some fish.
It started to rainy when we got in the car. We left the neighborhood and pulled onto the highway. The rainy came down even harder. It was almost impossible to see. I rear ended the car in front of me.
Sally was going shopping with her friends. She saw a brand new smartphone that she liked. The smartphone had a better camera than her current one. Sally bought the smartphone with her credit card. She promptly paid her credit card bill when she got home.
Swarthy Jones was a bouncer at a local club. He turned down a girl because she was too ugly. Her boyfriend returned minutes later. Swarthy Jones had never seen someone bigger than him. Swarthy Jones was afraid, and let the girlfriend in.
One day I was going to a Maine national park. I was riding through the park at a slow pace scouting animals. I noticed something moving out of the forest. I stopped the car. I looked out the window and noticed a big bull moose.
Charlene wanted to be a singer. But when she auditioned for the choir, they said she had a bad voice. Charlene's mother hired a singing coach to teach her. Charlene worked hard with her signing coach for several months. Today Charlene has a solo performance in the choir.
The man pointed the gun at a prisoner. The prisoner put his hands up. The man told the prisoner to get on the ground. The prisoner refused. The man shot the prisoner.
Pete had been saving for months to buy a new computer. He visited the electronics store and browsed for a while. He finally decided on a sleek new desktop PC. He brought it home and spent hours setting it up. That night, Jim was happily surfing on his new computer.
Daniel has lived in his mother's basement for too long. All of his friends have moved into their own apartments. Daniel wants to have his own place soon. He borrows some money from his mother. Daniel finally gets his own apartment with that money.
I took my daughter to the doctor for birth control. The doctor felt the best birth control would be the pill. I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter. Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it. A month after my daughter was on the pill, she was dead from it.
My sons and daughter and I went for a car ride last night. My youngest was in the back with his Nintendo DS. All of a sudden, we heard a gushing and gagging sound. He had thrown up all over himself. We had to end the car ride and take him home to clean up.
Selena was walking to school and reading over some homework. Suddenly, her paper slipped from her hands and blew away. She rushed after it, running for ten minutes before catching it. When she made it to school, she realized her makeup was running. All day she felt embarrassed without her makeup.
I really needed a new computer. So I went down to the electronics store to buy a new one. I was there all day looking at all the different computers. I decided on a computer. It is a really great computer.
Jared saw a really cute friend of a friend on Facebook. He looked over her profile and liked what he saw. Jared took a chance and sent her a friend request. The girl accepted a few hours later. Jared and the girl have been exchanging message ever since.
Simon made a poster for the Science Fair. He left it in the garage for the colors to dry. His cat found the poster. The cat chewed up the corners of the poster. Simon presented the chewed up poster at the Science Fair.
Bob wanted to buy Christmas presents for his family. He was too poor. He decided to get money from Amazon Mechanical Turk. He worked on Mechanical Turk for three months. Finally, he saved up enough money for Christmas presents.
Jan had an ice skating party for her birthday. All of her friends and family attended. As soon as Jan stepped on the ice, she fell. Everyone went completely silent. Jan started laughing hysterically at her clumsiness.
I love to eat ice cream but I have diabetes. So my Doctor told me that I needed to stop eating it. He suggested that I try making avocado ice cream as a substitute. I was very hesitant but I agreed and bought all the ingredients. I went home that night and made avocado ice cream and it was great!
Jerome gave the hand signal to the next monk. His successor was to take over the shift for the day, as indicated. Brewing beer in this Belgian village made up much of their work. It took some training for newcomers to get it right, but it went well. Jerome took pride in his work and simple living let him relax.
Alexander woke to a strange noise in the middle of the night. He got out of bed to investigate. He grabbed a baseball bat in case it was an intruder. He found his cat tapping on the window sill. Alexander went back to bed.
Timothy went to visit a famous rock formation in an Oregon park. He saw that it was a unique shape from millions of years of shaping. He knocked it over. A video caught him doing this. He was charged with a crime against the state park.
Amy was having her first Christmas with her husband. They needed their own set of stockings. They couldn't afford much so Amy decided to make them herself. It took her months to learn how and then complete them. On Christmas, the stockings were perfect.
My wife's favorite bakery was in our neighborhood. She was a faithful customer for 25 years. One day a neighbor told her she heard a rumor. Rats were allegedly seen in the bakery. Although the rumor was unconfirmed my wife stopped going there.
Tom got his paycheck. He felt that it was way too low. Tom checked his hours and it verified his suspicions. He brought it up with his boss. His boss told Tom the paycheck was right.
I was at the casino yesterday. I hit the max bet button by accident on a spin. Luckily, I hit a bonus. I got really excited that I may win big. I won a hundred dollars.
Bryce was having a hard time swinging the bat. Bryce talked with his hitting coach. Bryce spent extra time hitting with the assistance of his coach. Bryce came up to plate to bat in an important spot. Bryce hit the ball all the way to the wall.
Luis was approached at a gas station. He was offered some speakers at a really good price. They told him they had extras they needed to get rid of. He turned down their offer. He had heard of such scams online before.
Jason was going to get married today. He was worried so his best man Jeremy came to help. They talked about how he met the right woman. How he loves being with her every second. The best man did his job and finally calmed down Jason.
Sara stove was too dirty to cook in. The food would taste like ash, when it came out of the stove. She wanted to cook dinner for her boyfriend. She cleaned the stove with a metal scrubber. Her food didn't taste like ash when it came out.
Marcy hated her phone plan. She thought it costed too much. Marcy wanted a different one. So she went to the store. She found one thirty dollars cheaper.
Tom wasn't much of a drinker. His friends bought high gravity beers. Tom wasn't aware they were stronger. He tried to drink as normal. Tom wound up being drunk within minutes.
Billy had an hour to finish his test. He sat and daydreamed for the first 45 minutes. When he finally got started he realized there was an essay to write. He wrote and wrote as fast as he could. He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare.
Fran's cat was meowing loudly. She was out of cat food and he was hungry. She offered him tuna fish but he wouldn't eat it. She got her shoes on and went to the store. She brought back some cat food so he would be quiet.
Lucy was in a park playing with her little sister. A big dog appeared in front of them. He started barking. They could not find the owner. They run away.
Jeremy had a crush on Renee. He gave her a stuffed bear with a red heart. She blushed a little and gave him a kiss on his cheek. Jeremy smiled big and his heart raced. Jeremy was the happiest kid at school that day.
Jane decided to have lunch in the cafeteria there she ran into a student who hadn't been to class in a week. Jane confronted the student about her her attendance. The student was embarrassed and promised to come to class. Jane never saw the student again.
Emma's parents agreed to buy her a car for her Sweet Sixteen. But Emma would have to get all A's on her report card the year before! Emma turned down dates and parties to hit the books all the time. On her 16th birthday, when she saw her new car, she cried with joy. She saw then that all her sacrifice had been worth it!
Julian dared his friend to eat a worm. The friend popped the worm in his mouth. He cringed as it squirmed inside his mouth. He spit it out. Julian laughed and popped the worm in his mouth and swallowed.
Jerry had a close friend he missed. They had not spoken in years. Jerry called his friend. They reconnected. Jerry was happy to talk to his old friend.
Tim was going to high school for the first time. He decided to take the bus. It was a bad decision. The other kids picked on him and it was a dangerous driver. Tim tried to avoid taking them.
Kylie was dressed and ready to go. She was walking the runway in a fashion show. The music was pounding as she started strutting. The crowd took photos of her. Kylie felt confident and proud.
My wife is retiring in three weeks. One of her coworkers just found out. She gave my wife two tickets to a Red Sox game. She is going with my son. I was happy for her.
In 2013, my old boss started a nanobrewery. It was just a few pieces of equipment in an old storage building. In 2015 he got more equipment and better facilities. Last month he got approved for an equipment loan from the state of MA. He expects to double his output and start making a profit this year.
I tried to take a hit from a certain group. I put in the export like usual. I suddenly got a screen that I'd never seen. It had a picture of a dog on it. It said I had reached a page that didn't exist.
Jenny is at the carnival. She decides to play a game. She plays the game. She wins a big stuffed teddy bear. Jenny enjoyed her day at the carnival.
A new store at the mall was handing out candy for Halloween. They had a long line of people waiting to come in. All of the employees were in costume and handed out candy. They also handed out promotional coupons. At the end of the day, it was a good business event for the new store.
I had a lot of difficulty waking up this morning. I rolled around in bed, frustrated as a song played in my mind. It was a song by John Lennon, one that never really became popular. After listening to it in my head for an hour, I gave up and got up. As I sat at my computer, it continued to be stuck in my head for hours.
Clara's house has a screened-in porch in back. Her cat, Snowball, is allowed out there until Clara's bedtime. One night, Snowball caught a bat on the porch and brought it in. Clara had to catch the bat with a net and set it free. Snowball can still go out, but Clara keeps the door to the house shut.
Ike was trying to give Jen advice. The advice was good advice to help Jen get a boyfriend. Jen has never had a boyfriend. When Tom came and talked to Jen, she didn't follow Ike's advice. Jen doesn't listen, and will never have a boyfriend.
Ed went to a poker game. He wagered money on each hand. He won a few hands. But then he started to play badly. After the game he'd lost a hundred dollars!
Todd had just recently turned 18. He really wanted to vote in the election this year. He registered to vote as soon as he could. When the ballots were open he went to his local high school. Afterwards, he watched the results on television.
Frank was a school teacher. He was just assigned a new classroom. He went over to view his new place of work. He found it to be very dirty. He spent all evening cleaning it as best he could.
Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm. She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast. She asked her grandmother if she had any more milk. She took her to the barn and told her to help herself. Sally sat and started to milk the cow which she had never done before.
Jimmy went canoeing with his best friend Carl. Jimmy's mother told him to wear a life vest. Jimmy ignored her advice, and didn't wear one. Jimmy fell out of the boat, and almost drowned. From then on, Jimmy listened to his mother.
Trina wanted to move into a new apartment. Her current one was too small. She wanted a 2 room apartment with a large bathroom. She was able to find a nice place that met her needs online. Trina paid the security deposit the very next day.
Ota took her dog for a walk. The dog got away from her. A young boy chased after the dog. He caught the dog's leash. The boy returned the dog to Ota.
Sandra always loved designing jewelry. As a kid she made necklaces and bracelets out of strings and beads. When Sandra got older she turned her passion into a career. She built her very own fine jewelry company. Now Sandra sells her jewelry to people all over the country.
Steven was feeling cooped up in his apartment. He grabbed his bicycle from the garage. He rode his bike clear across town. Steven started to get tired from riding all day. Steven called his wife to come pick him up.
When it was hot this month, our cat stayed on the floor. She avoided couches and chairs. Today it was cooler. The cat jumped up onto the chair. She is now napping.
Terrance like bacon, but not so much to get suspended from school. At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway. In chemistry class he fell asleep. While sleeping he moaned, I love chicken bacon ranch so much. His teacher kicked him out of class and he was suspended.
Today I went to work. It was a slow day and I was hungry. Lunchtime finally came, so I walked into the breakroom. On the table was a huge plate of enchiladas to share. I ate a few and thanked the person that brought them.
Frank was planning on going to beach. He packed up his swimsuit, his sunglasses, and his sunscreen. He drove to the beach and got out to walk. As he was walking, he stubbed his toe on something buried in the sand. Frank found that he had tripped over a beautiful starfish.
John had aspired to attend Harvard Law School since he was a child. Upon completing his undergraduate degree, he anxiously applied. Several weeks passed without reply, and John grew despondent. When the response finally arrived, Jon frantically tore it open. He grinned from ear to ear as he read his formal acceptance letter.
Last month, Chris went to the city to visit her sister. On the second day of her stay, the two decided to go for a jog. As they rounded a corner, Chris heard the trumpet of an elephant. Chris' sister said that they were nowhere near the zoo. But down the street, two boys were taking off an elephant costume.
I started to run short on wages and my rent was due. My rent fell behind about 3 months. The landlord eventually grew angry and began an eviction. I appealed the process, but the judge was unsympathetic. I moved into the shelter and now I am homeless.
Robin's alarm goes off. Robin does not wake up. Robin wakes up one hour later. She rushes to get to work. Robin arrives late to work.
There was a moving truck in the yard next door. The elderly lady was moving out of her home. Her son had been making arrangements for weeks. Gina assumed she was going to live with him. Gina was sad to see her go, but happy she wouldn't be alone any more.
Kevin needed some bananas. He went too the store. Got some bananas. He took them home. Enjoyed himself one.
The dog liked to go for walks. His owner bought a longer leash so the walks would be easier. It worked great! They started walking twice a day. The dog was happy to get outside with his owner.
Cheyenne likes a boy. She tells the boy how she feels. He responds positively with his feelings. Cheyenne asks the boy out to a movie. He agrees to go on a date.
One evening Paige could not find her dog. She looked everywhere and then went outside. Her sweet little dog had died outside on the patio. Paige and her family were devastated by the loss of their dog. Paige's dad took care of the little dog by taking her to the vet.
It was snowing outside Tom's house one day. Tom liked playing in the snow. Tom went outside. Tom played in the snow. Tom made a snowman.
My car broke down one day, and I had to walk to work. I began to walk the long distance after leaving my house. While walking, I saw a woman in her car hit a deer. The scene was very disturbing and it bothered me the whole walk. I finally made it to work and felt traumatized the whole day.
Jay went to the hardware store to get sandpaper. He was annoyed by how expensive it was. Instead he purchased glue, sand and paper. He made his own sandpaper that out performed the store's. Jay sold his extra sandpaper to the store at a great profit.
Gary's cat recently went missing. Gary was desperate to find his cat. Gary put up flyers around the neighborhood, in hopes someone sees her. One night, Gary got a call from a local deli, that they have his cat. Gary was so relieved that his beloved cat had been found.
Vic's soccer team was playing the championship game. He was on the field only for the last three minutes of the game. The team was down by one goal. He had the ball near the goal. He set up his shot and scored the winning goal.
My friends and I were drinking at a party. One friend decided to go take a shower. He didn't realize there were lit candles in the bathroom. He tossed his clothes on the counter and started showering. A few minutes later, there was smoke and he ran out screaming.
I was cleaning my kitchen last night. A loud beeping started up. It took me forever to locate the source. Finally, I noticed it was coming from the refrigerator. When I closed the door all the way, the beeping stopped.
My wife's boss took everyone out to lunch last week. They went to a steakhouse in the area. He asked the waitress for the bill. The waitress gave him the wrong bill, which was half the total. The boss told her about the mistake.
Terry wanted to read a book. He knew he did not have time for it. He cancelled his obligations. He read very fast to finish the book. Terry read and finished the book.
Candace had to make a pinhole camera for art class. She took the camera outside and followed the steps to take a picture. Then, she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it. In the dark room, she saw that the picture didn't develop. She had to start over from the beginning.
One day at the store, a little girl begged her mother for candy. However, the little girl had a dentist appointment later that day. The mother promised the little girl chocolate if she had no cavities. That day, the dentist found no cavities in the girl's teeth. Happily, the girl and her mother returned to the store for the candy.
Tanya was a beauty school drop out. She had felt bad about dropping out and decised to go back. The classes were tough but she stuck with it. A salon hired her after she graduated and that made her happy. Tanya is happy she completed beauty school and is doing great.
Davis had always wanted to snowboard in Utah. He had been told that the mountains there had beautiful snow. He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain. They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding. Davis was very happy that he finally snowboarded in Utah.
When she started talking everything was fine. As she got into her second sentence something went wrong. Her face started to droop on one side. Her speech became slurred. That's when I realized she was having a stroke.
Marsha was very good at finding gifts for her friends. She knew her friend Tammy had a birthday coming up. Marsha thought very hard about what Tammy would like. She went to an antique store to find her a gift. She bought an old candlestick and Tammy was thrilled.
Mary drove to the nearest hair salon. She asked how much it was for a haircut. She said she would like a haircut. The person cut her hair, and she paid. Mary drove home.
Belle lost her keys. She arrived home from work but she couldn't get in. She checked her windows, but they were all locked. She had to call a locksmith for help. The locksmith let Bella into her house.
Dan was trying to find a charity to donate to. He found one that he could bowl to earn for cancer. He loved to bowl and he felt close to the charity's cause. He joined a team and earned over a thousand dollars. It was the most anyone had ever earned bowling.
Amy was at the store checking out. She looked in her wallet but couldn't find her money. She looked in other parts of her purse. She realized there was a line forming. Amy couldn't find the cash so she paid with her card.
John loves to drink coffee every morning. He goes to the same coffee place every single day. He thought about applying for a job there because he loved the smell. He filled out an application and was hired on the spot. He also now gets an employee discount on coffee!
Lucy was in her bed sulking. Her grandmother May checked on her. It was 10 and Lucy hadn't eaten dinner with the family. May offered to make Lucy a sandwich. Lucy declined, determined to go to bed hungry.
Mya took her little brother and sister out for Halloween. They went to the local corn maze and wandered around. But then Mya saw that they were really lost! Shamefaced, she asked a stranger for help. Luckily, he kindly pointed them to the way out!
It was time to watch the World Series. I went to the family room to turn on the television. As I sat down on the sofa the ground shook. I got up away from the window. I saw the earthquake being reported on the news.
Amy was hungry. She skipped breakfast that morning and it was past noon. She decided to get some Mexican food for lunch. Amy's mouth watered as she waited for her food. When Amy's food arrived, she devoured everything on her plate.
Jan is a great soccer player. When she says she wants to try out for the football team people laugh. But she doesn't let that discourage her. She tries out and becomes the best kicker in the state. She becomes the first female player in state history.
Sue was reading a story to her sick grandson Alex. Alex asked grandma if she could live with them. Sue explained she had her own home to take care of. Alex as sad she said no. Sue cheered the boy up by baking cookies with him.
David had to cut up two crates of onions for work. He dumped one crate out on the table and sorted them by size. He took the bigger ones and chopped them first. Dave cleaned off his knife and worked on the medium onions. By the time he cut the small onions, David was crying from the onions.
Paul renovated his bathroom. He found a big, beautiful vanity mirror. He hung it carefully over the sink. As soon as he stepped away, it crashed to the floor. The mirror was ruined!
I was selling cookies door to door. I was selling them for charity. By the end of the day, I sold one cookie. I started to cry in the street. Suddenly, everyone in the community came by and donated lots of money.
Jill really wanted to write a song for her boyfriend. She compared lyrics from all her favorite bands. She started to write down lyrics but it didn't seem right. After days and days of work her song was finished. Her boyfriend loved it so much!
Kenny is sitting at home. He decides to have fun this weekend. He loads up his truck with fishing gear. He takes off and heads to the lake. He gets to the lake and spends the day fishing.
Bob wanted to order a pizza. He didn't have enough cash. He decided to make a pizza instead. He looked up a recipe for a sausage pizza. It was delicious!
Tiffany was given the choice between getting a hamster or a bird. She had never had a pet before. She wasn't sure which to select so she did some research. She decided on a parakeet. The next day she went to the pet store to pick out her new pet.
Jude went to the same summer camp with his friends every year. Last year, he got very sick right before camp started. He begged his mom and dad to let him go. After days of begging, they finally said yes. Jude gave his sickness to the other campers.
Lily was shopping at the mall. She saw a fashionable shop she had never seen before. When she walked in she was immediately greeted with cheers. She was one of the first people in the new shop. As a special gift, they offered her a huge coupon for the store.
Martin had saved his money for weeks. He went to the store to buy a bike. He bought a flashy green bike with a headlight. Martin felt great zooming around the neighborhood. He couldn't wait for all his friends to see it!
Kate had made the basement nice as a place of peace. But her brother set up his Nintendo. Kate decided to work in peace in a corner till he left. Then his friends began to arrive. Kate no longer had a quiet place to hang out.
For years Jack had stubbornly refused to replace his dying truck. He cursed it and kicked it and swore to light it on fire. Still Jack refused. His wife had chosen this truck and named it Tilda. Tilda outlived Jack's wife and she helped him remember the good days.
Neil went to the ski slopes. He donned all his equipment and safety gear. The he rode the lifts to the top of the hill. He carefully stepped down and began skiing. Neil made it down the hill in record time on his skis!
Parker dyed his hair green to look like the Joker. He loved his radical new look and all the stares he got. He took a shower and fell asleep. The next morning he woke and went to class. He was shocked when he was the dye wasn't water-proof.
I bought some black compression socks today. I went to the store looking for them this morning. I put them on up to my knees when I got home. I hoped they would stop the swelling in my legs. They are helping a little, but not very much.
Ethan was trying to stay hydrated. He took his water bottle to school. He put it under his desk. The bell rang to end. He forgot his water bottle.
Chelsea was a track star. She was learning to do the high jump. If she could do a good job, she would get a scholarship. She worked on the high jump for many months. Soon she had set the school record!
Colette needs to buy craft supplies to finish a project. She goes to the craft store and picks out her supplies. She stands in line to pay for her items. As she is waiting, a friend steps up behind her in line. She decides lunch with a friend sounds more fun than crafting today.
Gene wanted to get a turtle as a pet. Gene's parents obligingly purchased one for her. Gene took excellent care of the turtle. After fifteen years, it eventually grew to be two feet large. Gene regarded it almost as a sibling by that time.
Mildred taught her niece a lot of things. But she shouldn't have taught her niece how to raise a flunk. Like Mildred showed, Anita gave nice things to everyone but her son. She disciplined her son more than other kids around him. By 41, Anita's son was homeless and hungry.
Charles was running behind schedule. He needed to grab his keys and leave for work. But he couldn't find his car keys. He looked all over his room, he even cleaned his room. He was ready to give up, picked up a book and found his keys.
Jerry was running a bookstore. It's been difficult to make business. He decided to close it down. Nobody wanted to buy it for a decent money though. He ended up just closing it without selling it.
Oliver had received some birthday money in the mail. His mom promised to take him to the store. When they got there, he ran to the toy aisle. He spent nearly an hour carefully perusing his choices. Finally he settled on a lego set and paid all by himself.
The man inherited some money. He invested the money. The money grew in the investment. He left that money to his kids. His kids inherited even more money than their dad had.
Yesterday I threw my jeans in the wash. When I took them out I was upset. I realized I left my phone in there. I was rather upset. I had to buy a new one.
I met a man from Argentina. He was new to the United States. His English was difficult to understand. Despite that, we became friends that day. We hung out all day just talking.
Matt was goofing around in his living room. He jumped up onto his futon couch. Suddenly, he heard a loud crack. He saw that the futon frame had snapped. From then on, he had to be more careful.
Lisa's best friend had a very hard year. Her parents had split up and her dog ran away just last week. Lisa wanted to get her something special to help her feel better. She decided on a friendship necklace. Her friend was very happy when Lisa gave it to her.
I was driving with my cousin. She received a call from her boyfriend. They were arguing and he broke up with her after the conversation. She was infuriated and started to yell. She also broke her speakers by punching them.
Davis constantly threw things in his trash can. One day, he realized it was full. He immediately threw the trash can in the dumpster and got a new one. Now, he throws away less as he knows it's harmful to the environment. Davis still purchases new trash cans though.
Every now and again I remember my old friends. I remember when we use to play. I remember when we use to help each other out. However, as time went by I got less and less friends. Now I feel sad when I think about them.
The teacher tried to teach the class. He coughed a few times and grew tired. At some point, he decided to stop working. The class was dismissed. All of the kids left the class.
Gina was reading a new horror novel. The book was getting good. It was so good she had a hard time putting it down. Suddenly something gruesome, and horrific happened. It was so shocking Gina didn't read anything the rest of the day.
Kyle worked at a grocery store. He worked in the meat department. One day he was filling the meat containers. He saw a pack of meat that looked bad. Kyle pulled out the meat and discarded it.
Gary's wife had bought opera tickets for them. He was a bit skeptical, but went along anyways. They found their seats and waited for the show to begin. The curtain raised and the opera started. Gary was blown away.
Ana wanted to be as fit as possible. For that purpose she bought an exercise machine. The machine was used 30 minutes every single day. By the time a month had ended she was much fitter. She felt quite pleased and proud of herself.
Lovely is only nine years old. She wants to be a school teacher. Lovely does pretend classroom with her dolls. She mimics her teacher. Lovely grows up and becomes a college professor.
I spilled a soda on my keyboard. This broke it, so I wanted to buy a new one. I went to the thrift shop and looked all around. Finally, I found exactly what I was looking for. I was able to replace my keyboard for a reasonable price.
My school was pretty stingy when it came to fun activities. It was announced that there would be a field trip, such excitement! Except it came out that we'd be going to the water treatment plant. Not only that, we'd have to walk the whole way there! In the end it turned out my only field trip was a pretty crappy one.
Pae decided to do a book report on Moby Dick. He went to the library and checked out Moby Dick. Pae finished the book in about a week. Pae wrote his book report right after he finished the book. Pae got a good grade on his report.
Janet was swimming in the pool. She tried to swim on the deep side and ended up drowning. The lifeguard decided to dive into the water. He pulled her out from the deep side. He performed CPR on her and she woke up.
In the police line up, Mark was getting nervous. He was guilty of the crime but trying not to show it. When he was called to step forward he stumbled a little. The witness from behind the glass was not paying attention though. In the end, Mark was able to get away with his dastardly deed.
Lila was running low on infant formula. She was hoping that it would last a day or two more. Unfortunately, her older child got into the pantry and dumped it out. Lila had to run to the store. There, she picked up new formula.
Ken had never gambled before. He decided to go to a casino for the first time. He took a budgeted amount. Once he started Ken kept gambling. He lost more money than he planned.
I got a job working at a barn. Every day I had to carry hay with both hands. I realized that there had to be a better way. I asked my boss to buy a tractor. This made it easier to move hay.
I was sitting alone in a foreign country with no money. I was preparing to call my mom. I was very nervous and didn't really want to talk to her. As I dialed a beautiful white cat emerged from the brush. He sat on my lap during my entire conversation with my mother.
I went to the hospital for pain in my right foot. I thought the pain was due to damaged nerves in my foot. I sat in pain as I waited in the lobby. The doctor called me in, looked me over and examined my foot. The problem was a simple one that was remedied with a pain medicine.
Driving to the grocery store in a storm, Ana heard air raid sirens. Through her windshield, she could see an approaching tornado. Frightened, And quickly pulled up to the store and rushed inside. Managers were leading customers into the basement for safety. Waiting out the storm, Ana was grateful to have found shelter.
The man juggled 6 wine glasses at once. Spectators were impressed and told him to try more. He then added a seventh wine glass and was struggling. The crowd cheered him on, which impacted his concentration. The man flinched and then it began to rain wine glasses on everyone.
Joy has a hole in her shoe. She told her mom about it. The next day when Joy comes home from school. She sees a box on the floor. She looks inside to find a new pair of shoes.
Polly liked to walk on the track at the middle school. She noticed that the track had been neglected and was in disrepair. She decided to start a fundraiser to raise money for the track. It was a great success, and the track was repaired. Due to her efforts, the school track team made her an honorary member.
Mary loved animals of all kinds. Her favorite animal though, was the duck. She loved how the duck ate her bread. One day, she found a baby duck on the street. Mary adopted the duck and kept it very healthy.
Micky needed a present for his girlfriend. He looked all over the store and finally settled on perfume. The lady at the counter began spraying. Micky smelled sample after sample. After smelling too many samples, Micky opted for chocolates.
Connie has not studied for her exams. In a panic she sits near the smartest girl in glass. As the exam is handed out she slowly works through her exam. She's copying the girl next to her. Connie gets caught and is expelled from university.
Kenny didn't want to go hunting. His dad thought it was a good learning lesson. They went duck hunting for a day. Kenny accidentally dropped his gun and shot his dad. He wasn't seriously injured but they never went hunting again.
Hudson could not find his library book. His mom searched everywhere in the house. He could not remember where he had put it. Hudson was worried he would be in trouble at school. His teacher found his book in his desk.
I went to a Boston Symphony Orchestra concert in 2006. The guest soloist was a violinist. During the performance the violin string broke. Everyone waited until they brought out another violin. The crowd eagerly applauded at the end of the performance.
Jane and Ike were playing on the seesaw. Two other kids tried to bully them away without success. Other kids came and went wanting to have the seesaw too. At the end of the afternoon they had exclusively used the seesaw. And they realized they had become the bully.
The apartment manager unlocked the door to Jay's apartment. She let herself in, having not asked permission from him. Jay was polishing his gun on his sofa when she intruded. He looked at her with a steely, hostile gaze. She slowly backed out of his apartment without saying a word.
Shelby wanted to be a cheerleader. Tryouts at her school are soon. She practiced very hard. Shelby did her best at tryouts. She made the team!
Sam is deathly allergic to peanuts. His friend Bob gives him a delicious cupcake to eat. Bob did not know Sam had any allergy at all! Sam starts to go into anaphylaxis. Bob saves Sam by injecting Sam with his EpiPen.
Mike and Eric were peeling oranges in the schoolyard. They carelessly threw the peels on the ground. When the teacher found out, she gave both of them a paper bag. She told them they had to pick up trash all afternoon. The other kids looked out the window and laughed.
John loved running cross country. John also enjoyed fighting karate on the weekends. During a karate session John broke his ankle. He wasn't able to run or fight for months. John was so upset that he couldn't enjoy either hobby.
Oliver was playing around and climbed into his toy box. He was moving when he heard a cracking sound. He looked and saw that his favorite toy train was broken. He quickly brought the toy to his mom. Luckily, his mom was able to glue it back together.
I smelled something foul in the house. I decided to investigate. I followed the smell up to the attic. I found out that the smell was a dead animal. I disposed of the animal and my house no longer smelled foul.
The school football game was last weekend. The team has been very good this year. They have won a lot of games. A lot of people showed up to watch. They won by a ton of points.
Tom worked very hard online. He worked from home. He wanted to be able to work faster. He decided his mouse was slowing him down. He bought a unique mouse and improved his work speed.
Sasha was on a trip with her mom. She wasn't feeling well and went to the restroom. She was too sick to do anything or enjoy the trip. She told her mom about it. Her mom tried her best to get her to feel better.
The man insulted the woman. The woman told her husband. The husband confronted the man. The man agreed to apologize. The man apologized to the woman.
John was alone and did not know what to do. He decided to make a snowman. He gave the snowman a cool hat. Then he gave the snowman a huge smile. At last he did not feel alone anymore!
Bob and Laura took their dog for a hike one beautiful, warm day. They hiked up a rugged trail, carrying plenty of water with them. They noticed that the trail was uprooted all around the campground. Suddenly, they saw a wild black hog in the distance. The hog snorted at them as they backed away.
The man got a letter. He opened it up. It was intended for someone else. He read the contents anyway. He gossiped about the contents around town.
Fran was confused. She wanted to get from NYC to Washington DC. She wasn't sure what train she should take. She asked the conductor and he helped her. Fran was thankful for nice people!
Tim was driving to work. Tim was going to be late. Tim began speeding. Tim was pulled over by an officer. Tim received a speeding ticket.
Kim was soaked when she arrived home. She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella. She lay in bed shivering unable to warm up. She sneezed and shivered the whole night. The next morning she was still sick, but went to school anyway.
Jane was trying to get ready for a date. As she dug through her clothes she realized they were all stained. She dug around and chose the least dirty looking shirt of all. Still this shirt had a big stain on it. Luckily, Jane was able to scrape the stain away with her fingers.
Ethel has never done laundry. She decided to put her nice dress in the washing machine. The washer was set to wash with hot water. Ethel went to put the dress in the dryer. She was sad to see the dress was ruined.
After installing a processor, Bob needed to work on the motherboard. Bob screwed the motherboard into place in his computer case. He made sure all the screws were nice and tight. Then, he plugged the motherboard into the case fans. Now, Bob's motherboard was installed very nicely.
The patio room was a much needed addition to the small house. The room was comfortable for only three seasons, as designed. Heating the room with forced air was impractical for the climate. Under floor heating was installed and connected to a boiler. The room is now usable in all four seasons.
Beth loved soup. Beth met a wizard. The wizard offered Beth some soup. Beth ate the soup. Beth became very ill.
I answered my phone when it rung. It was the crazy lady calling from down the street. I traced her phone number to her house. I went to visit her at her home. I strangled the crazy lady with her own phone cord.
Konrad loved his grandma. One day when it was time for her to leave she could not find her keys. Konrad had them hiding in one of his toys. He did not want her to leave. Konrad's grandma had a spare key and his plan was ruined.
One night I was traveling from Houston to Dallas. I didn't think too much of it. However, I later found out how crowded the traffic in Houston was. Almost 3 hours in traffic until I finally got to my destination. I will never go back to Houston again, lesson learned.
My sister and I used to walk to the corner store once a week. We would talk and laugh on our way to buy candy. It was something we both enjoyed and looked forward to. On a recent visit back home, I discovered the store had burned down. I lost a little bit of my childhood in that ash.
Ned wanted to see a gorilla in-person. His family took him to a local zoo with a gorilla enclosure. They walked up the hill to see the enclosure. A sign on the window explained the gorillas were off-exhibit. Ned was highly disappointed, and his family consoled him.
Molly's sons needed to go the dentists office. It was down the street from their home, so they just walked over. Inside, they got checked in. Her oldest son's appointment was first, and the youngests was second. When the boys were done, they got to choose some prizes.
Blair's SAT exam was about to begin. She was very nervous. On one question, she was completely stuck. She decided to go ahead and guess the answer. Luckily, she managed to get a great score on her test!
The family gathered together at the end of a long day. Chicken and rice was for dinner. The family devoured the dishes of food on the table. Afterwards, the mom cleaned up the table. Then, she did the dishes as the rest of the family watched tv.
Julie drove her car to the grocery store. She accidentally locked her keys in the car. Julie noticed a tow truck in the parking lot. She asked the driver for help. He successfully unlocked her car so she could go home.
I went fishing with my friends. I was looking for big fish only. They had fun catching small fish. They made fun of me for catching nothing. Then, I caught a large fish that weighed more than all of their fish.
Kay was a very eager bird watcher. She once planned a whole day around bird watching. When she got to the viewpoint, it began to rain. The rain lasted for several hours. Kay didn't see a single bird because of the rain.
Jenny didn't like the dentist. When she was young she had to have orthodontic work. The orthodontist gave her braces that she wore outside her mouth. They looked very ugly and made her feel bad. Although it was a bad experience, she appreciates her straight teeth.
Bill was a small child who liked to kick things. One day he went on a kicking spree, starting with a tree stump. Then he kicked a ball. Then he kicked a bowling ball. The bowling ball brought a swift end to his kicking spree.
Susan's teacher was currently pregnant. She was supposed to go on her maternity leave any day. One day in class, her teacher went into labor. Susan helped calm her until help arrived. When the baby was born, Susan got to meet her.
I wanted to propose to my girlfriend. I decided to buy an engagement ring. I was too poor. I bought a cubic zirconium ring. My girlfriend got angry at me for not getting a real diamond ring.
For her twenty-first birthday Laurie went sky diving. She couldn't wait to share the experience with her friends. She invited all five of her friends along for the next trip. Everything almost went as planned on the skydiving trip. Laurie parachute failed to open but luckily her instructed saved her.
Tom was playing pogs with friends. The winner got to take the loser's pogs. The game had stacked up several pogs already. Tom went with a hail mary shot. It worked and he won.
Phoebe decides she wants some fresh flowers in her apartment. She decides to collect some from a nearby garden. Phoebe cuts a few flowers and brings them home. At home she puts them in a vase with water. She is happy to have flowers in her apartment.
Rich was playing with his toy cars. He was playing in the dirt with them. Rich decided the cars should drive through the mud. He brought a hose to the dirt. Rich made a mess.
Hannah needed extra money. She decided that she was going to breed her rabbit and sell the babies. She bought another rabbit and waited. Her rabbit still wasn't pregnant after a month. Then Hannah discovered that both rabbits were females.
Joe broke his ankle just before a big football match at school. He was very disappointed to watch everything from the bench. His team lost the match due to low spirit. And they lost all the matches that followed until his ankle healed. As soon as he was back on the field, they finally won again.
Denise had a rough childhood growing up. Denise never got to celebrate her birthday or even a cake. Denise's friend Dan knew about this, and decided to get her a cake. On her birthday, Dan surprised Denise with her first birthday cake. Denise cried tears of joy that Dan did such a special thing for her.
An organization wanted to make a brochure. They got the design laid out. They sent it to the print shop. The print shop printed it. They got it back the next day.
We finally were able to sell the house. We spent months getting it ready and then moving. It then all happened so fast at the end. Next thing we knew the house was sold. And we were watching the new one be built.
Mac always locked up his gun. One day it was lost. He eventually found it in his son's room. Mac's son had opened the safe. He found a video online on how to do it.
Amy's friend Ella was asking personal questions. The questions were about Ella's brother Ray. Amy didn't feel comfortable answering the questions. She tried to change the subject nicely. Ella let Amy know she understood, and changed the topic.
Jim was hired for a job at a local bakery. First, Jim mopped floors and organized supplies. When the bakers needed help, Jim volunteered to help bake the pies. One day, the bakery was very busy and Jim began to help customers. The customers buying pies loved Jim, and he was soon promoted.
My friend and I were walking to a party. It was his first time drinking a very strong malt liquor. We cut through the park and he challenged me to a foot race. I did not want to but he called me afraid. He fell on his face half way across the basketball court.
Kay wanted to bake a cherry pie. But the cherries at the grocery store were too expensive! Then she had a better idea. She picked a basket of cherries from her neighbor's tree. The fresh cherries made Kay's pie delicious!
Tim wanted to get a job. He said the summer would be the best. He called up some classifieds. Tim landed an interview. He got the job.
Katy wanted to join the marines. Her mom laughed at her because she was a woman. Katy knew that women could do anything men could do. Katy trained hard and went to Marines Boot Camp. She scored first in her class and was the top Marine in her division!
Jimmy likes to run barefoot. One day he went running in an open field. The grass on his toes felt very good. Suddenly, it started to rain very hard. He ran back home quickly and took a hot bubble bath.
Pete had been looking forward to building a treehouse for years. When his son Seth turned 8, he decided they could build one together. Pete gathered all the wood and materials, and was excited to start. But 10 minutes into building, Seth wandered off to play video games. He realized his son didn't care about the project as much as he did.
The store installed new security cameras. The cameras caught an employee stealing. The employee was fired. The employee sued the store for discrimination. The employee lost his lawsuit.
Tom's business decided to buy a franchised hotel. Tom decided that the design and layout of the hotel was inefficient. The business hired a team of architects and engineers for help. Tom oversaw the the development and implementation of the upgrades. The hotel profit grew and the business gave Tom huge bonus pay.
The family took a trip. They drove into the mountains to camp. The scenery was just beautiful! They hiked a lot and took lots of pictures. What an amazing vacation it was!
Gina and her friends had been sitting on the swings at recess. But the school bully had forced them to leave. Gina and her friends walked away from the swings talking. The bully stuck her foot out as Gina passed. Gina hadn't seen her and walked right into her trap.
Greg loved to eat food. Greg ate food from all around the world. One day, Greg encountered a new type of food. Greg did not like the new food. Greg did not eat the new food ever again.
Jenny's mom rushed her out of the bed. Jenny was told to brush her teeth or else she can't eat. Jenny took out her toothpaste and toothbrush to brush them. Her mom was yelling from the kitchen. She said to hurry up since the breakfast was getting cold.
Tom had problems sleeping at night. He would find himself falling asleep at work. His boss brought it to his attention. Tom decided to try sleeping pills. They were able to help him out a bit.
Amanda really wanted to take horseback riding lessons. However, her mom could not afford it, since it was expensive. Amanda decided she needed to find a way to pay for it. She asked her future instructor what she could do. The instructor told her to work at the barn and she could get lessons.
Dwayne was heading home from school one day. He stepped off the bus to buy a drink. When he finished his drink he realized he didn't know where he was. He had to use his phone to call his mother. His mother came and picked him up to take him home.
Maya didn't trust her boyfriend. He was running late from work one day. She called him on his cell phone. Her boyfriend didn't answer right away. Maya got upset at her boyfriend.
I bought my first guitar when I was thirteen. I couldn't play it, but wanted to learn. I spent every day practicing what I could. I started to learn the guitar well after a few months. After six months, I wrote my first song.
John wanted to prove he could smoke without getting addicted. He started smoking five cigarettes a day. After a week he smoke seven cigarettes. He had a hard time quitting smoking. Now, he is addicted.
Cathy recently told her parents that she wanted to be Class President. Cathy felt that there were changes that could be made in her school. Cathy ran a fierce, but fair campaign against her competitor. After all the ballots were cast, Cathy had to wait for the results. Unfortunately, Cathy did not win the race for Class President.
Tammy's parents were coming over at 8. She didn't get off work until 6:30. She still needed to go to the grocery store to buy food to prepare. She decided to order take out. Her parents didn't mind and they had a good time.
Paco had a brown cat. Paco's cat was crazy. It would not let you sit in a chair. I tried to sit down in and it bit me. I kicked the cat across the room.
Ben was digging in the sand at the beach. He found a lump of what looked like gold! He was so excited. He took it to get appraised right away. But he was told it was only pyrite, fool's gold!
Jim did not have any money. He could not find a job anywhere. He could barely afford food. Jim hated being broke. So he finally decided to open his own business selling apples.
Tim was watching television. All of a sudden the signal went out. He waited a bit but it never came back on. Finally Tim decided to call the cable company. They were able to resolve his issue within an hour.
I met a man whose name was Strange. He said it was his last name. He wanted everyone to call him Strange all the time. I thought it was an odd name, but I obliged. We became good friends.
Bob was a teenager who was just realizing who he was. As such, he began experimenting with many new things. One of these experiments turned out to be cigarettes. As he tried them for the first time he regretted it instantly. He coughed his head off and swore to never do it again.
Max and Sam drove in silence, knowing they had things to discuss. Finally Max broke the silence and they started to finally communicate. They drove around DC for hours as they talked through their issues. By the end of the night, they had driven 8 hours and 500 miles. Most importantly, they had opened doors for future communication.
I am a online bookseller. One day a person offered free books on Craigslist. I responded and picked up 300 paperbacks. I made $50 selling them. I look at Craigslist often now.
Doug loved to play the clarinet. He was the band instructor at a high school. One day he went to the school cafeteria. He serenaded everyone during lunch. He was a big hit.
Babs was an affair. Her husband was clueless to the infidelity. Her lover gave her a beautiful fur coat. Her husband became suspicious. She assuaged his fears by saying it was a gift from her sister.
Timothy was listening to music on his iPod. Suddenly, music stopped playing in his ear buds. He realized his cat ripped the wire on his ear buds. His ear buds were broken beyond repair. Timothy went to his local electronics store to purchase another pair.
Steve was out with his wife for dinner on his birthday. They were just beginning to finish up their meal. Suddenly, a group of waitresses came out and sang happy birthday. Then, they gave him a free sundae. His wife admitted that she had told them about his birthday.
Matthew was a butterfly enthusiast. Every day Matthew tried to catch new butterflies to study. One day, Matthew saw the rarest butterfly he had ever seen. Matthew tried, but failed, to catch the butterfly. Matthew now spends his life in search of the rare butterfly.
My son and I went to a friend of a friend's house. They had a bunch of guitars and a drumkit set up in the living room. I told them my son was a good guitarist. A guy grabbed a bass, another sat at the drumkit, they waved him over. My son joined in and they had an awesome jam session!
Ben got a turtle. He put it in a tank. The turtle didn't eat the candy Ben gave it. Ben was sad. After research, Ben found the right food to feed it.
Carl was terrified. He had gotten lost on a hike and now he was wandering around in a swamp. He heard creepy noises all around him. It was getting dark and starting to rain. Carl hid under a big tree and cried.
Jerry was excited for megadeth's new album. He waited outside the record store for it. He finally got the album. He listened to it on the way home. He hated the album.
Carlos was happy to learn that his article was published in the paper. He wanted to celebrate being a published author. Carlos decided to smoke a cigar to celebrate his achievement. After having a few puffs, he felt great. He was proud of being published.
Priya was a contestant in the spelling bee. She was nervous about competing. She had been studying for a while. When it was her turn, she spelled her words correctly. Priya ended up winning the entire spelling bee.
Tony was a part of a social group. She was a newcomer. She began to be treated differently than the rest. She worked hard at becoming a better friend to the group. She became the leader of the group.
Tim's gold fish died overnight. His parents didn't want to tell him. They bought a new one at the store. They replaced it while Tim was at school. He never found out the truth.
My key wouldn't fit. The school had changed my dorm lock. An adviser wanted to meet with me. I had my payment worked out with someone. I had been behind on my payments.
Tiffany loved butterflies. Because of this, her grandparents bought her a butterfly net. She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar. Dismayed, she found her butterflies dead later. Tiffany broke her butterfly net in half.
Whit just started a new job. She had never done sales. She was extremely nervous about meeting her first client. She went to her meeting with a big smile. What made her first big sale.
Jordan noticed that his pants were too tight. He had gained a lot of weight over the last few years. Jordan decided to buy a new pair of bigger pants. They fit him perfectly. Jordan was happy that his pants were no longer too tight.
We moved into Cambridge in 2013. We live in a high rise apartment building. One of the tenants is Barry, a 73 year old retired professor Barry wrote an article and asked me to read it. I read it and told him it was very good.
Stephen just turned 15. He wanted to get his driver's license. He asked his parents for help. They helped him practice. He got his license.
The cabin was deep in the woods next to a stream. It was the perfect getaway. Donny and his family were headed there for the weekend. They spent the weekend hiking and having a good time. As they left they all agreed it was a great place.
Mike opened the envelope nervously. He had gotten a card from a secret admirer. The card was creepy and unsettling. Mike decided to ignore the card. The next day, there was another one.
Dan and his daughter went to the supermarket. As they reached the checkout, Dan's daughter was asking for candy. Dan told his daughter that she could not get any candy. Dan's daughter immediately threw a tantrum right there in the store. Dan was so embarrassed with the behavior of his daughter.
Dan was on a ferry to Staten Island. He sat on a bench when he heard his keys fall out of his pocket. He stood to pick them up and kicked them by accident. Dan's keys slipped off the boat. Dan had to call his wife to come open the door to the house.
It was a blizzard atmosphere in Kelly's town this morning. There was about three feet of snow. Kelly was hoping there would be a snow day. Sure enough the phone rang and school was canceled. Kelly cheered.
Ryan hates to do chores. He finds them to be boring. His mother wants him to do chores. She gives a choice, chores or the street. He decided chores were better.
Becca and Robert were very happy together. They did have one recurring issue though. Becca didn't like Robert's best friend Larry. Robert had been best friends with Larry since Kindergarten. Becca knew that bond was not separable so she just kept quiet.
Luis was getting ready to go back to school. He was nervous that he wouldn't have classes with any friends. On the first day, he picked up his schedule at the office. For the first half of school, he didn't see anyone in class. Luckily, he had friends in his last few classes.
Jonah had joined the school paper. He started to have trouble in class. His grades began to drop. Jonah decided to quit the paper. He started to focus more on class and improved his grades.
My hips were always sore. I decided to go to a therapist to figure out why. The therapist said I needed to stretch my hips. For two months, I stretched my hips every day. Finally, the soreness in my hips went away!
Jared has been training for the Olympics since he was 14 years old. He made it to the 2016 Olympics in Brazil. On the day of his events, he was extremely nervous. He lost three events but placed second in two others. He returned home very thankful with two silver medals.
Larry entered his car into a low-rider show. A girl showed up and modeled by his car. Larry watched and the model made sexual innuendos at him. When the show was over, she asked Larry for a ride  home. Larry took her, but didn't like her because she only liked his car.
Pat had a very rough day at work. Pat was looking forward to getting home and just relaxing. However, Pat's children were being very loud and unruly this evening. Pat decided to put them to bed early, as she was very tired. Once the children fell asleep, Pat enjoyed her perfect silence.
Karl fixes cars in his garage as a hobby. One day his brother tells him to open up his own body shop. Karl takes his brother's advice then opens a small shop a month later. On the first day of business, he fixes three new cars. At the end of that day, he is very satisfied with his work.
On a spring day, I didn't plan to get a hooker, let alone go to jail. A girl called from behind me and I turned around. She was cute and asked me for money for sex with her. I said no and then she begged me. Inside her hotel room two cops arrested me for soliciting.
Alexi was riding on her bike to work one day. On the way she saw some pedestrians but was going too fast. Trying to stop, Alexi hit a block of pavement and went flying. She flew ten feet, and hit the ground on her arm. Hours later she had on a cast for her new broken arm.
Ken got into a fight with his girlfriend. He felt bad over it. He decided to make her breakfast in bed. He surprised her when she woke up. Ken's girlfriend felt better by the sentiment.
Lee's mom wanted to have hamburgers for lunch. She suggested some places they could go. Lee looked up reviews of hamburger places on the internet. Lee couldn't find a place that looked better than the suggestions. Lee met his mom at one of the originally suggested places.
Tamika was a cosmetologist. She had dreams of one day owning her own barbershop. She had a large portfolio of clients and was very good at her trade. One day, an angel investor bought out a failing shop. He gave the deed to Tamika and within weeks she was open for business.
I wanted to get into bird watching as a hobby. I bought a bird checklist book. I bought a good pair of binoculars. I went exploring near my house. I only saw one bird and it was a sea gull.
My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday gift. It was in a tiny box all wrapped up pretty. I was really excited to open it up. It was a really pretty necklace. He can be really sweet at times.
Jen was at the beach with friends. She got knocked over by a strong wave. Jen was almost swept back out to sea. Friends saw what happened and went to help. They were able to drag Jen back on shore.
Last Tuesday we tried to order takeout food. We decided on Chinese food. Both of our restaurants' phones were not working. Frustrated, we ordered pizza. Later we learned Comcast had an outage and many phone lines were down.
Amy decided to dye her brown hair blonde. She visited a salon near her home. The stylist suggested 2 colors and let Amy choose the one she liked. When done Amy was very pleased with the color. She recommended the stylist to all of her friends.
The hikers suddenly stopped in their tracks. On the trail in front of them was a huge brown bear. It had noticed them at the same time they had noticed it. The bear charged at the group of hikers. The hikers turned into sprinters, likely setting a record or two.
Kyle was walking home with a bag of heavy groceries. He was stomping along when suddenly he heard a thud. His bag had ripped and food was spilling out everywhere. After collecting his fallen goods, Kyle stuck everything in his shirt. He managed to get it all home using his shirt like a nest.
I bought a can of almonds to snack on at work. I put them under my desk so no one would see them. When I went to go find them, they were gone. I screamed at everyone because i could not find them. I felt bad when I saw them still under my desk behind a book.
We bought a test to find out if he was sick. We needed to know because I could become ill as well. He put the test in a drawer and never took it. He said he didn't want to know. Without knowing, he could die someday.
Mary had fed her son strawberries for the first time. She noticed that he started to break out in a small rash. Mary didn't think anything of it at first. Mary fed her son strawberries again the next week. When he broke out again, she decided he must've had an allergy.
Matthew suddenly remembered it was his wedding anniversary. He scrambled to find a gift for his wife. After a bit of searching, he decided to buy her flowers. He later presented her with a bouquet of roses. She was ecstatic to see that he remembered their anniversary.
Sebastian liked to be called Seb. Joe refused to call him Seb. Seb refused to speak to Joe. Joe thought that was silly. Joe wrote Sebastian a letter.
Samantha had been doing pageants for years. She really was ready to level up at this point. So, she decided to enter the state pageant. After much preparation, she performed expertly. She finally won her first state pageant!
I had some bad pains in my stomach. I realized I had not pooped for a long time. I tried and was unable to go. I took a bunch of laxatives. I finally pooped and feel better now.
When I was little I made a very stupid move. I decided to play with the outlet on my wall. I grabbed a fork and played around. I ended up feeling a surge. I then learned never to play around again.
Allie was having a panic attack. She really just needed to sit down. She decided to take a bath. Thankfully it went away. She was able to carry on.
Jeff heard something rustling in the leaves. It was a snake! He ran away from the creature. He hid in his car until he was sure it was gone. Jeff hated snakes!
Cathy needed a new dress for the dance. Her mom promised they would go shopping. Cathy could not find anything. Her mom decided to sew her one. Cathy loved her homemade dress even more.
Ray was excited to visit the beach on the first day of summer. Ray could not wait to have his feet in the sands of Hollywood Beach. Ray got together his beach towel, and his sunscreen before leaving. Ray took the short walk to the beach, and placed his towel in the sand. Ray enjoyed his day at the beach, and could not wait to return.
Ben accidentally knocked over a carton of milk. He turned to get a rag to wipe it up. When he turned back around his two cats were there. They were happily licking up the milk. He gave them a minute to enjoy it then shooed them away.
Anna loved watching movies all the time! Her parents thought it was a waste of time. So Anna thought of a way to make her hobby useful, as a career. She went to school to study to be a film critic! That made Anna and her parents both very happy!
Brandon was an artist. He enjoyed drawing futuristic landscapes. A movie production company saw his paintings and hired him. Brandon painted several of the backdrops for a new movie. Brandon's backdrops were well-received and he made a lot of money.
Before landing an interview, I had to complete a typing test. The test was short, so I ended up spending a few minutes to finish it. Afterwards, I was escorted to the interviewer her. She was impressed with my results. However, there was trouble with schedules and I never received the job.
My neighbor Joe's daughter Alice visits often. Alice said Uber drivers always go down the driveway the wrong way. I listened and nodded to her, but did not believe her. Yesterday alice was visiting, and an Uber driver came the wrong way. I now know Alice was right.
Jeff was failing Chemistry class his Junior year. He had three weeks and two tests left in the semester. His teacher told him to stay after school to study. Jeff stayed every day for three weeks, and improved a lot. He brought his grade up a full letter grade!
James was playing with his cat. His cat scratched his leg really badly. James started to bleed profusely. James bandaged his leg with a cloth. Afterwards, James trimmed his cat's claws.
Tom had fair skin. Tom needed to purchase sunscreen. Tom did not like the unnatural ingredients in most sunscreens. Tom decided to purchase coconut oil. Tom used coconut oil to protect his skin from the sun.
Bob was a bodybuilder. He used steroids. He decided to sell some at his gym. He was caught by the gym owner. He was promptly kicked out of the gym for life.
Logan alluded to a treasure hidden behind his house. His grandchildren were excited and started searching the woods. After many hours went by, there was no sign of any treasure. They went back into the house defeated. Logan laughed and said that was just so they wouldn't bother him.
The student snuck up the stairs and onto the second floor. He crept down the hall towards the locked door. Using a pin, he picked the lock of the door and snuck inside. He took money from the teacher's desk and was about to leave. The teacher walked in the room and caught him in the act.
I wanted to lose weight. I thought if I ordered a salad I would lose weight. I went to the fast food place. I ordered a salad. Amazingly, I didn't lose weight!
Tina loves horses. She collects horse figurines. One day her friend stole her favorite horse. Tina was sad. They are no longer friends.
Allie got a pet bunny for Easter. She put him in a hutch her dad had built. She took really good care of him. One day when she went to feed him there were 6 bunnies. He wasn't a boy bunny after all!
Menzel's family was from Kenya. Mezil was born in America so he didn't know what Kenya was like. He vowed to go back to his homeland one day. When Menzel was retired, he decided to travel to Kenya. He loved his homeland so much that he stayed there until his death.
I remember when i was in first grade we were assigned to read. I am the fifth student to read and i can't read that much. What i did was i memorized what my classmate is reading. When it's my turn my teacher caught me memorizing it. Because i'm still reading even he stops pointing what to read.
The men were getting their supplies ready. They were off to explore some remote islands in the Pacific. They had everything set and embarked. They spent many weeks studying the islands. They returned after a long while, successful on their mission.
Beth was ogling the new car. Brad had just pulled up in a new BMW. It was the fanciest car she'd ever seen! She asked him if she could have a ride. He drove her around town with the windows down.
Josh wanted to get married in his boyhood church. He convinced his fiance to go ahead with the plans. On the day of the wedding he had a great time. He loved seeing his old pastor and his old church friends. Josh had the wedding of his dreams.
Tom was old and living alone. He fell going up the stairs. Tom broke his hip. His family didn't think he could live alone anymore. They put him in a retirement home.
Kate had just left her abusive husband. She and her kids moved to a new city to start over. She landed a new job and bought a nice little house. She even began to date her single neighbor! After starting over, Kate became much happier.
Amy wanted to compete in the beauty pageant. She bought a fancy dress. Then she did her hair and makeup. She paraded across the pageant stage nervously. At the end, Amy found that she'd won third place!
Diane was cleaning her cabinet and noticed some little pellets. She realized that the pellets were mouse droppings! She did not want a mouse in her house. She went to the store and bought a mouse trap. She placed the trap in her cabinet and hoped to catch the mouse.
Jaimey had a hard life, no one would make eye contact with her. She lived throughout high school without a single boy wanting to look. She finally decided it was enough and went to a group of boys. She asked why they all treated her this way and why it wasn't fair. They said it's because her friends told everyone she had a disease.
Benzi likes to work on Amazon's Mechanical Turk platform. He knows his country isn't supposed to be doing work on it. Benzi didn't let that stop him at all. He bought an account from an American so he could defraud Amazon. Benzi feels entitled to take work from Americans, as he's poor, too.
Lucy has a dog named Daisy. Daisy is eleven years old and is getting weak. Daisy has a hard time walking and getting up the stairs. Lucy goes to the vet and gets medicine for Daisy. The medicine makes Daisy stronger for the time being.
Ella was cleaning her room. She found ten pairs of underwear on the floor! She threw them in the washing machine. Ella decided she would keep her room tidy this time. She didn't want to find any other surprises in her room.
Tim was playing with his ball in the house. His mom came over and told him to stop. Once she went away, Tim continued to throw the ball in the air. Suddenly, he missed his catch and the ball hit a lamp, which broke. Tim got in trouble for not listening.
Vanessa was shopping for birthday cards. Nothing was quite right though. She agonized over her choice, but nothing stood out. Suddenly, she noticed a sparkly blue card tucked in a corner. She had found the perfect card for her sister!
I love to eat potato chips. One day I was eating potato chips out of a bag. When I was eating I noticed a competition entry on the bag. It asks you to submit your flavor for a chance to win. I'm still waiting for my cheeto flavor idea.
Nick really wanted a dog and asked his parents for one constantly. They finally relented, and the family went to the local shelter. They chose a large and rowdy dog, who had been rescued. His parents wanted him trained, but the dog wasn't good with tricks. Nick didn't care at all, and was already in love with his dog.
Amy has been pregnant for nine months. She went into labor early this morning. Her husband took her to the hospital. Amy gave birth to a baby boy this afternoon. Amy and her husband love the new child very much.
John was in 8th grade and wanted to play basketball in high school. John practiced everyday to make the team for next year. John worked on his game diligently. John tried out for the team upon entering high school. John successfully made the basketball team.
Sarah loved the house that she and her parents lived in. Their house was next to a busy, crowded road. The government decided to build a bigger road next to the house. They told Sarah's parents that they'd have to sell their house. Sarah was very upset that she was going to lose her childhood home.
Tom got an urgent call from his brother. His brother told him their aging father had a bad fall. Tom and his brother wanted to do something to help. Together, they bought their dad an electric-powered wheelchair. Both sons felt good about helping their dad.
David and Pam went to a coffee shop. They ordered coffee and drank together. But Pam clumsily spilled coffee on her skirt. She did not want to look stupid in front of David. So she blamed the coffee shop for her cup having a broken lid.
Lindsey bought a violin and practiced and practiced. It was her dream to be an awesome violinist. After many years she decided she was ready. She set up her gear and began playing in a subway station. She kept playing as everyone walked by without noticing her.
Christopher had always loved eating. He ate so much that he got to be very fat. One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical. The doctor said that he was very unhealthy. Now, Christopher is on a diet and eats healthy.
Andy recently was woken up by his buildings fire alarm. Andy quickly grabbed his keys, phone, and wallet. Andy rushed down the stairs, and waited in the parking lot. However, the building manager told Andy that it was a false alarm. Andy was furious that he got out of bed for a false alarm.
Allie was interested in cooking. So she went and signed up for cooking classes. She met an unlikely friend. A cute man asked for her number. The two later went out together.
Neil was very hungry. He ordered a pizza. But when he arrived, he was bummed. The pizza was burned! Neil had to call back and complain.
Brad was struggling to stay awake in college. He decided to drink coffee before class. And he felt more energetic. Brad felt good through his first two classes. But he was exhausted during his last three classes.
Jen had always been intrigued by the variety of wine in Napa Valley. She decided she must see Napa one day. Jen saved up her money for her big trip to Napa. Once she got there, the wine was even better than she had imagined. Her only regret was that she had to go back home.
Lew is so happy today. His dad is taking him camping. His dad is packing the tent in the truck. Lew is helping his dad. Soon they arrive at the campsite.
Maryann baked cookies for her boyfriend. She told them they were too hot to eat. He apparently challenged that notion. Maryann's boyfriend took one big bite. Now he can't taste any cookies.
Sue was making spaghetti sauce. As she was making her sauce, she grabbed the wrong bottle. She did not realize it until she took a bite. She had added hot sauce instead instead of tomato sauce. It was a good thing she liked spicy food.
Kelly and her friend went to the river with their kayaks. They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek. All of a sudden, the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away. They were pulled towards a large waterfall, so they had to bail. They luckily swam to shore, but their kayaks were wrecked.
Michelle had a huge stack of books. She needed to return them to the library. She got in her car and drove there. Then, she put her books in the drop box. Then she went home.
THe chef made a salad on a large plate. He used every bit of lettuce that he had left. The tall salad was delivered to a party of hungry people. They all dug in with their own forks. The people quickly ate the entire plate of salad.
At midnight, Jocelyn woke to his wife's screaming. He rushed downstairs to the living room, where she stood on a chair. She pointed to the couch and told him a rat was in the house. Jocelyn used a flashlight to see under the couch. There was no rat, only a hairy, rotten potato.
Jim decided to grill hamburgers. He bought the meat and all the fixings. He formed patties for the burgers. He started outside to fire up the grill. When Jim got outside, he realized he was out of charcoal!
Rex has always wanted to learn more about his Irish heritage. His mother suggests that he tries to learn to speak Gaelic. Rex uses a few online resources and also gets a tutor. Gradually his Gaelic speaking improves. Rex is proud to connect with his Irish heritage through language.
Tom was going to the store. His wife told him to take sunglasses. Tom didn't listen. On the way there the sun glare was really bad. He admitted to his wife that she was right.
Greg wanted a late night snack. He went to the kitchen barefoot. He didn't notice his cat was sleeping on the floor. Greg accidentally stepped on it. The cat screeched and Greg got startled.
Tom never had Thanksgiving dinner at his house. This was going to be his first year. He was too nervous and had issues at home. Tom had to cancel the dinner. His family understood the situation.
Tony grew up in Italy. He was taught to bake the best pizza. He came to America as a young boy and got a job as a skilled chef. He eventually grew to own his own business selling his famous pizza. His skill is know around the country as well as his delicious pizza.
Tim wanted to watch a movie. The disk seemed scratched. He was still able to make it play. Everything was fine until the end. It kept skipping and ruined the movie.
Moe had a big challenge to face. He promised his girlfriend he would stop smoking. He tried going cold turkey at first, but it didn't work at all. He tried using nicotine patches, but they made feel sick. After trying everything else, Moe settled with using an e-cigarette.
Kelly's iPad was not working well. She couldn't figure out what it was. Then she found out she had to update it. It took two hours. When it was done it was working well.
Linda had the worst experience with online dating. She met a guy who invited her to his house for dinner. They ate a nice meal with salad, spaghetti and french fries. The apartment was small but the guy seemed wealthy. After dinner cops crashed his door and arrested him for drug dealing.
Landon was a poor student. His teacher failed him. His parents thought a binder would fix the problem. They bought him a big binder. Landon still failed at school!
John was a senior in high school. He never had a girlfriend. Finally, met a girl name katie. They have begin together over five years now. They were highschool sweethearts and are now married with kids.
I didn't hear my alarm clock one morning. I went to track practice. I arrived at the last minute of it. I told the coach I overslept. She was happy that I was honest.
I was terrified of him. I walked quickly, hoping the clown would stop following me. They weren't allowed to touch the customers, but I was scared. I turned to him and told him to stop following me. He stopped and returned to his place on the haunted trail.
Molly was very compassionate girl. When she was walking to the store one day she saw a homeless man. She said hello and asked if he was alright. He said that he didn't know where he was and he was scared. Molly called 911 and had someone come help.
Cher recently quit her job. She did not have another one lined up. She started putting in resumes everywhere. She finally got an offer. Cher loves her new job.
I use a Nalgene bottle to transport my drinks. Last week I put the bottle into the dishwasher. I smelled some burning for a minute. When I emptied the dishwasher I saw the lid had melted. I later read the bottle was only to be placed in the top rack.
Tim bought a new dog. One day he walked the dog in a huge forest. The dog scampered away into the bushes. Tim looked for an hour trying to find his dog. The dog finally appeared carrying the biggest stick ever.
It was the bottom of the ninth inning, and the score was tied. Bo hit a double, and made it to second base. Sam was next at bat, but struck out. Sue hit a single, and advanced Bo to third base. Last, Mo struck out, but Bo stole home, so the Blues won the game.
One day, a sailor left New York to go to London. Three hours after leaving, a storm arose suddenly. The sailor's boat nearly capsized as he fought the winds. Suddenly, the sailor had no clue where he was and drifted for days. The coast guard suddenly appeared and saved him and his boat.
Last week during my nephew's birthday party I was Spiderman. I didn't want to ruin the illusion, so I stayed in the suit. My nephew wanted me to swim, so not thinking about it I jumped in. When I came up for air, the wet suit prevented me from breathing. I basically waterboarded myself with a Spiderman suit.
Bill loved playing tennis. For Bill's 14th birthday, his parents took him to tennis camp. Bill impressed the counselors at tennis camp with his enthusiasm. Because of Bill's abilities, he was offered a ball boy position. Bill became a ball boy at a tennis tournament and loved it.
Eric wanted to take his daughter to the movies. A kids movie was playing. When they got there it was okay. Yet unfortunately Eric's daughter started to cry. The movie preview was too scary for her.
Candy's mom was a surgeon and she wanted Candy to be like her. She frequently said how proud she'd be if Candy followed in her steps. But Candy cared only for animals - she loved them so dearly. Then the women realized there was a way for both to be happy. Candy decided to go to college to become a veterinarian!
I was very excited when I went shopping today. I saw some of my favorite albums on sale. I was able to buy some for only five dollars. I scooped up as many as I could. I was glad to add to my collection.
Tom's cat had fleas. It was scratching and acting weird. Tom took it to a veterinarian. The vet prescribed some basic medication. Tom got rid of the fleas easily.
Angie wanted a new dog very badly. Her mother said she had to clean her room first. Angie spent all day cleaning her room. Angie's mother took her to pick out a dog. Angie loves her new dog, Pepper, very much.
Bill traveled out to Las Vegas for his company. Bill was trying to make a big sale with a new client. Bill met with the client company vice president in Las Vegas. Bill made his pitch and did his best during the meeting. Bill made the sale!
Tracy was in her 40's and decided to try online dating. She met a guy online and invited him over. They ate dinner in Tracy's apartment. Afterwards, Tracy took of her shoes and put her feet in his lap. The guy excused himself to the restroom and left out the window.
Ezra had always wanted to record himself singing at a studio. Finally he met a friend who could give him a discounted studio rate. He practiced singing for weeks until he felt great about his song. Ezra sang his song very well in the studio. He felt very proud that he finally had a professional recording.
Ed was walking home from work when he noticed a young man looking sad. He asked him what was wrong. The man said he had gone downtown and lost his wallet. He didn't have money to get back home. Ed gave him bus fare so he could get back to his family.
Sara has an English test tomorrow. She has been studying all week. She decided to give studying a break tonight. When she got to school, she went blank on her test. She wished she had reviewed her notes.
The man drove in the desert. He drove into a dust storm. The dust clogged his air intake. The car stopped running. The man was stranded in the desert.
Liz noticed a bird's nest by her bedroom window. She didn't think much of it until that night. She awoke to loud hooting. It was an owl's nest! Since they are nocturnal she knew she wasn't going to get much sleep.
Allie wanted a lipstick set. There was a particular one she wanted. But it was all sold out online. So she got it off eBay instead. Unfortunately she had to pay ten times the cost.
Andy recently worked the overnight shift. However, Andy learned that he would be switched to the day shift. Andy did not like the change, but had no choice but to do it. Andy knew that working the day shift would be an adjustment for him. Andy knew he would not be happy with the new shift he was given.
Bill was a rock and roll drummer. His dream was to play a show in New York City. So Bill formed a band with three friends of his. The band practiced and played together for years and became popular. When they were invited to play in New York City, Bill was overjoyed.
Sally just knew she wanted to be a teacher. She loved kids and she liked summers off, so that's what she became. She worked hard every day to become a teacher. Then when she became one, she didn't quite like it anymore. She decided the best job for her was not teaching!
My son in law facetimed my wife today. It was her birthday. Our two year old granddaughter was on. Her dad wanted her to say Happy Birthday but she did not. My wife enjoyed the session anyway.
Laby cocked her gun and prepared to enter the house. She heard a noise inside and approached cautiously. She saw a flash as someone ran past the door. She ran in yelling police and to stop running. She saw a man standing with his hands in the air shaking.
I was looking for some water one day. I asked my family if we had any water jugs but they said no. I decided on going to the store to buy some and they were cheap. I drove home because I couldn't drink it in the car. I got home and enjoyed my water.
I went to a friend's house to hang out. Whenever my friend left the room, her dog humped a stuffed animal. When she would come back, he would stop. When I told her what he was doing, she didn't act surprised. She said the stuffed animal was his longtime girlfriend!
Carol liked serving snacks when she had a party. She put out a big plate of cheese and crackers. Everyone ate them up quickly. Carol went to the kitchen to get more. She had prepared for a hungry crowd.
Allie was feeling so sad. She did not know why. She could hardly control herself. Then she realized she needed to exercise. Then she felt better.
Tim was away at summer camp. There he met a girl he liked. They grew romantically intertwined. Unfortunately both lived really far from each other. They tried to keep in touch but failed after a few months.
Lyn is running for mayor against Rob. Lyn is a staunch republican. Lyn is behind the times. Lyn is old. Lyn loses because she lives in a liberal area.
Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons. She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes. She weighed the options and decided to go with Falcetti Music. Lindsay went through a few weeks of classes. Her skills are becoming better and better.
Jill's hot water heater broke. She called the plumber to replace it. It was a very old water heater, and not up to current code. The plumber had to do additional work to bring the system up to code. Jill ended up spending more than she expected for a new water heater.
The man overslept. He was sad when he saw how late it was. He cancelled his appointments for the day. He stayed at home all day. He slipped into a minor depression.
Sarah went on a hike on Sunday. The clouds were out and it looked overcast. Sarah didn't think it would rain. Sarah didn't bring an umbrella. In the middle of the hike it began to rain and Sarah got soaked.
Robert liked to play practical jokes. He decided to glue a quarter to the sidewalk. Robert laughed each time a person tried to pick up the quarter. At the end of the day he tried to pick up the quarter. He glued it so well, he couldn't pick it up.
I ordered a roast beef today. I was about to dig in. Then I realized it was too red. I had to return it. I couldn't eat it that rare.
Tom put a portable fan too close to the window curtain. The blades pulled the curtains into the fan. The fan quickly seized and overheated, starting the curtains on fire. Tom was too mesmerized to consider he was in danger. When the room's roof caught fire, it was too late for him to escape.
Yesterday Todd got surgery on his nose. The surgery was not bad but the recovery was horrendous. Todd felt his nose and it was sore. He ended up resting for days. Finally later he was better.
Marie needed a new textbook. Luckily they had the one she needed online. She quickly ordered it. When she got it she unpacked it. It was perfect.
After their mom's interrogation, Jan and her brothers confessed. They explained all about the spider fighting and gambling. They sat in silence as their mother explained their options. Life of indentured servitude seemed a lot better  than imminent death. They took the deal and promised no more spiders or gambling.
An Asian friend of mine knows all the best sushi places. He invited me to one last week. We went to a place where the chef made the sushi in front of you. It was an interesting thing to witness. We ate the sushi and planned to visit again next week.
Annie begged her mom to let her get her ears pierced. Finally her mom said yes. They went to the mall. The piercer did it quickly and easily. Annie loved her new earrings.
Tom had a test coming up. He spent a long time reviewing the chapter. Tom felt he was ready for it. Unfortunately the test was on a different chapter. Tom passed but not with a great grade.
Stacy and her family were very excited. They had just arrived in the country of Vietnam. The family was vacationing there and having a great time. Stacy saw so many wonderful sites while she was there. For many years after the family would always talk about their trip.
The manager told the waiter to refill the salt shakers. The waiter collected them all and brought them back. He poured the white crystals from a large unlabeled bin. He carefully screwed the caps back on and returned them to the tables. The manager tested the shakers and discovered he used sugar, not salt.
Jimmy and his friends were playing baseball in the backyard. Jimmy hit the ball, and it went crashing through a neighbor's window. Jimmy apologized to his neighbor and offered to pay for the damage. Jimmy's neighbor was so grateful to Jimmy for admitting his mistake. She told Jimmy not to worry about it, and gave him a big hug.
He picked up the discarded toy. Handing it to the child on the way inside, he didn't notice the mess. Sure enough he began to walk pass knocked over furniture. Alarmed, he ran into the back bedroom. There she was, unresponsive as he screamed and screamed.
Robert had been trying to think of ways to bond with his wife, Norma. She had become a bit distant lately due to stress and work. One of the things that had brought them together had been animation. He showed her a collection of anime available for streaming online. She agreed, and soon they were cuddling together watching anime.
Jane was going to the bar. On the way to the car her heel broke. Jane's ankle gave out. She was unable to walk. Jane had to go to the hospital instead of the bar.
Matthew passed his driving test. He decided to buy his first car. He went to the car dealership. He test drove a blue Honda. He bought the blue Honda.
Gina walked to the store to buy bread for her mom. She didn't have her phone because it was taken by a teacher. When she returned with the bread her mom looked upset. She had missed the text about getting 2 loaves. Gina knew she would have to admit she didn't have the phone.
The professor told us to begin our test. I took out a few pieces of paper and a calculator. My calculator couldn't turn on because the batteries died. The professor didn't have any sympathy. Therefore, I had to do all of the calculations by hand.
Jake was swimming in the pool at his gym. He felt his shoulder hurting. He was having a cramp! He struggled in pain for minutes. Eventually the cramp went away on its own.
Bill had a very good job. Bill made a great salary and had plenty of money. Bill decided he wanted to do something for those less fortunate. Bill contacted an agency that helps orphans in Asia. Now Bill is an active donor and member of a life-saving organization!
I have recently started having green smoothies for breakfast each day. I start with some kind of leafy greens, like spinach or chard. I add Greek yogurt, chia and flax seeds, and frozen fruit. Coconut oil provides a little healthy fat to balance things out. It's a nourishing and delicious way to start the day!
George sprained his ankle going down the stairs. Since the injury, George would not stop talking about his ankle. People were sympathetic at first, but George wouldn't stop. Many of George's friends became very frustrated. Everyone was relieved when George's ankle finally healed.
There was a frog on the sidewalk. It was all alone. It was hopping slowly. When I took a closer look, I saw its leg was injured. I immediately took it inside to fix it up.
Her energy was starting to run low. She hadn't gotten enough sleep the night before. Groggily,  she tried to finish up her work. The coffee just wasn't doing enough. She went to the fridge to grab an energy drink.
Mary was prepared to get lots of candy this year for Halloween. She dressed up as a princess. She went around the neighborhood and filled up her bag with candy. When her bag reached the brim, it tore and all her candy spilled. Mary's mother picked up the candy for her.
We saw this really cool picture of all the muppet characters. It ended up being a photo of the mutual in Jim Henson's old office. Someone had turned it into a photo at that point. We bought a copy and had it framed. It will always remind us of our favorite characters.
Mark was a teacher. One day his students wanted to hear some music in the classroom. Mark went to his office and got his ukulele. He played ROW ROW ROW your boat. His students sang with him.
The mom and baby wanted to go to the play place in the mall. They went to the mall. They played in the play place. They had a very fun time. The mom decided to go back next week.
Wayne couldn't stop sneezing. And he couldn't figure out why. He thought the air in his room might be causing it. So he bought an air purifier. And soon, his sneezing went away.
Mary loved to see the sunrise. However, she always woke up too late. She tried going to bed early, but it didn't work. Mary bought an alarm clock. Now she was able to see the sunrise every day.
Tom had just started working at the morgue the week before. He had seen a few bodies, and it still was scary to him. Arriving at work one morning, there were three new body bags. Opening them up, he pushed the tables in for examination. Upon opening the last bag, he found a lifelike mannequin.
The professor handed the exams to everyone. The classroom remained quiet. Sam's phone went off in class. The teacher heard the noise. He failed everyone since Sam violated the test policy.
Tom wanted to start a garden in his backyard. Tom bought seeds and fencing. Tom set up the fence and planted the seeds. Tom watered his plants for weeks. Now his plants are starting to grow different fruits!
Kendall wanted to be a model. She was always practicing in the mirror. When she turned 18 she decided to move to New York. She went to many modeling jobs but didn't get any of them. She felt like a failure.
Leidy was trying to shoot a three pointer. Her opponent stuck her elbow out and Leidy got smacked in the eye. She was on the ground for several minutes, shaking off the pain. The ref interpreted the call as a flagrant foul. The opponent was ejected from the game.
Sue decided to try out for the school play. To prepare, she spoke to friends who participated last year. Following their advice, Sue memorized every word of the play. At the audition, Sue was very confident. Unfortunately, she wasn't chosen because she studied the wrong play.
My friend Abigail had a nice black dress. She always wore it and considered it her favorite. Abigail took it to the cleaners recently. She was very upset because they damaged it during cleaning. She ended up getting her money back for the damage done.
Carl is a truck driver. Carl delivers gasoline to gas stations. His job is very risky and his wife worries about him very much. One day he is involved in an accident. Carl dies tragically due to a fire.
One day Charles took a trip to New Orleans. First he went to the French Quarter. Then he went to Jackson Square. Finally he went to Bourbon Street. He had a great time.
My five year old son Robert was turning six in May. He absolutely loves Christmas and wanted a Christmas themed party. As silly as it sounds I agreed and we decorated a tree and all. His friends came to the party and thought it was the neatest idea. Who would have thought Christmas in May would turn out so good.
Amy didn't have time to leave the store she worked at for lunch. A co-worker told her there was a deli in the store. At the deli Amy found a LeAnn Chin. She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food. Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well.
Kelly absolutely loved her new pink dress. She wore it everywhere she could. Unfortunately yesterday she spilled dye on it. Thankfully she was able to get it out. Kelly vowed to never ruin it again.
After settling in, the Jackson family went to see a movie. Their two daughters, Emily and Anne-Marie, chose Because of Winn-Dixie They ate popcorn and candy while watching the movie. After the movie, Emily wanted a dog like Winn-Dixie. Emily and her sister teamed up to persuade their parents to get a dog.
Richard was scared of cows. One day he was in a road trip. He was passing by a farm. Richard observed hundreds of cows on a field. Richard almost fainted.
I wanted to plant a new cherry tree in my backyard. Rather than pay for someone to do the digging, I dug the hole myself. As I dug deeper, I suddenly felt my shovel hit a hard object. I thought it was a rock, but it turned out to be a pipe. I had burst the pipe and ended up with a costly repair bill.
While John was taking a walk, he witnessed an unusual sight. He saw something fall from a tree. It was a newborn squirrel, now writhing helplessly on the ground. Then another one dropped to the ground! Feeling helpless, he wished he could do something.
Chad was given a task to write a story. The story had to be at least five complete sentences. He thought long and hard about the task. Chad submitted his story for approval. Chad's story was accepted and he was paid handsomely.
We went on vacation one year. We stopped at a truck stop to have breakfast. My parents let my brother order pancakes and root beer. Mid-meal, he let out the loudest burp I had ever heard! Fortunately, my parents started laughing, so he didn't get in trouble.
My friends and I were telling jokes to each other. The jokes were not personal until Jeff started to talk. He made a negative comment about Sam's deaf father. She was highly offended and decided to walk away. Although I managed to cheer her up, everyone stopped talking.
Ed took his dog Molly to the dog park. He was feeling sad because he and his girl had recently broken up. As he sat watching his dog play, a pretty woman sat next to him. They started chatting and really hit it off. They made a date for the following weekend for dinner.
Karen and Steven were sitting on the couch. They were waiting on the nurse for the results. She finally called them 5 minutes later. She told them they are pregnant. Karen and Steven were crying in joy at the news.
When I was young my parents bought a new house. We had to move very far away. I had to go to a different school. I had to make a lot of new friends. I'm glad we moved because I really like my new friends.
Donald lived in the country all of his life. He laughed because the kids didn't like things Donald did. Like the time Donald used the bathroom in the bushes. One kid complained because his house was nearby. Another kid complained because Donald didn't wipe his butt.
Roxy doesn't like cooking. She goes out of her way to not cook a meal. So she eats a lot of snacks instead of meals. But sometimes she wants a hot meal. When that happens, she orders take out.
Larry was running late for work. He grabbed the bag of lunch left out by his wife and ran out. His wife didn't even get to say goodbye. When Larry went to eat for lunch he noticed no food in the bag. He had gotten the wrong one in his hurry.
Tina was curious about food. So she added some hot sauce to her meal. It was so spicy. Her mouth was on fire. So she had to drink a liter of water until it felt better.
Tom had long hair. He put it up on a pony tail often. His friends hated how it looked. They decided to cut it while he slept one night. The next day Tom was absolutely devastated.
Shirley heard a dog crying outside. She saw her neighbors had chained up their dog outside on a hot day. She couldn't get to the dog, so she called the police. The police came, broke through the fence, and rescued the dog. The dog was taken from the neighbors and lives a healthy life now.
Jane had a window frame that was not fully attached to the house. To fix it required climbing on the roof. Jane was too afraid to do this herself. Her grown son did it instead. Now she could enjoy the breeze without worrying about the window frame.
Cole came home to see his collection of figurines on the floor. To his horror, the shelf had fallen too. He picked up his toolbox ready to fix the shelf. But he wasn't very handy. His patchwork didn't hold for long before the figurines fell again.
The gangbangers were enjoying an ordinary day in the park. They made sport of every random, innocent passer-by. Soon their games increased in severity and cruelty. As their torments threatened to become deadly, the constable appeared. He arrested all the gangbangers and placed them in jail.
My sister and I wanted a real tree for Christmas. We had plastic trees for many years. My parents ignored us and pulled out the old tree box. When the box was opened it had lights and half a tree inside. We piled into the car and headed to the tree lot.
Joey had always wanted a funky haircut. However he had been afraid of getting one. One day he had the courage to ask his barber for a mohawk. It looked great! All his friends at school told Joey they loved his new hair.
George was trying to eat his lunch. Suddenly, a kid came up and started talking crap to him. He definitely wanted to fight, but George didn't. Finally, the kid pushed George and it was considered violence. Both kids were suspended.
Mckinli was hard at work. She was putting on a fashion show in just a few days. She instructed the models what to do. She made sure the clothes were all perfect. The show was going to be amazing!
Jane sat patiently in the room while the executor started reading. She was startled as he read her name. To Jane was bequeathed the prized furniture. Jane sat there in amazement, as she was only a distant niece. She got up and left the room to go to the bathroom to compose herself.
Josh played basketball. He was playing in the big game game when he went for a shot. He was knocked down and hit his head. Josh suffered from a concussion. He couldn't play for the rest of the season.
There was a large festival in front of my school. Many people hung out, took pictures and ate food. A large thunderstorm occurred around the school. Everyone got soaked. However, it didn't stop them from having a good time.
Andy was at a nice hotel for a work conference. Andy decided to take a swim in the pool before the conference. As Andy was getting out of the pool, he was handed a towel. Andy could not believe how luxurious and soft the towel was. Andy could not wait to tell his wife about the luxurious towels.
Twenty years ago Brian felt that his front yard was boring. Brian contemplated on what he could do to make his yard look better. Brian went to the store and bought some seedlings. Brian planted a pine tree in his front yard. Now Brian's yard is slightly more exciting.
Todd didn't like Scott because he thought he was a bookworm. One day, he watched Scott playing chess with an older kid. Scott won the game quickly, making everybody applaud. Todd asked Scott to teach him the game. They became good friends for the rest of their lives.
Mia wanted to learn computer programming. She signed up for a course at school. At first it seemed very hard. But soon Mia realized she was great at programming. Programming was one of Mia's natural gifts!
I once had a great corporate job. One day I decided I wanted to move to live my dream. I walked off of my job during a lunch break. Everyone from the job tried to call me for days. I had everything that I could fit in my car and I drove for two days.
Trent got a brand new tent for his birthday. He was glad he got this tent and it was his favorite gift. He decided to try it out on his next camping trip. The tent went very easily and seemed well built. That night Trent slept nice and warm in his new gift.
When he saw her from across the room his eyes lit up. She was radiant, the picture of beauty. Her tail wagged and she ran towards him. He knelt to catch her as she leapt into the air. Mac Johnson loved his new puppy and she loved him.
I walk my dog every morning. This morning I had a terrible headache. I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out. Simon put on his shoes and clipped the leash to the dog. Simon took the dog for a leisurely walk around the block.
Rainey had been waiting all summer to go back to school. Every day she had asked her mama if today was a school day. Finally her mama told her that today was indeed a school day. Rainey excitedly got ready for school with her mama's help. Rainey was so happy to see all of her friends at school.
Jenny's high school had no lacrosse team. However, she had wanted to play lacrosse since she was very young. Jenny decided to start her own lacrosse team. She found a coach and helped recruit other lacrosse players. When the team was finally complete, Jenny had never been so proud.
Jake was hiking with his friends. They had just set up camp for the night. Jake searched around the woods for firewood. He couldn't find his lighter to start a fire. He was able to get a fire going with a string and stick.
Ima hated sheep. Then she saw a lamb at the petting zoo. It was adorable. Ima realized sheep weren't so gross after all. She decided they were actually kind of cute!
Courtland is a hothead and angered easily. At work his boss is aggravating him. Courtland decides to slash his bosses tires. Courtland is seen on security footage slashing his bosses tires. Courtland is fired and prosecuted.
I quit my job one day by walking off of it. I couldn't stand the people, and was suspicious of racism. The job required me to make a difficult decision. I didn't like the position the company put me on. I went away in search of a better life.
Tom was working late at his job. His wife had cooked dinner. He told her he wouldn't make it home in time. She left it in the refrigerator. Tom wound up eating cold food for dinner.
Will's daughter Jen was nine years old. Jen begged Will to get her a puppy. Will finally relented. Will told Jen to close her eyes on Christmas morning. Jen cried with joy when Will presented her new puppy to her.
The kids liked to say tongue twisters. They would think of tricky sentences and say them as fast as possible. Carla's favorite was about sea shells. It because their favorite pastime to spend time together. They got really good at tongue twisters.
Jeb wanted to learn how to make pottery. He went to his local studio for a class. He wasn't very good at it. He ended up with a glob and covered in clay. Jeb was a mess.
John had a hard time at work. Everybody was always ahead of him. He brought some work at home to get ahead. But even then, it was not enough. So he accepted he would never make it big and did his best.
Lisa told her friend she was addicted to five-hour energy drinks. Lisa said her friend would see why before the day was over. After work, Lisa went home to her four kids. Her house was messy and Lisa hated a messy house. She drank a five-hour energy drink and detail cleaned her home.
He went to see his favorite baseball team play. They were giving away bobbleheads that day. He got one of his favorite player. He took it home and put it on his work desk. He liked to sit and bobble it when he was feeling stressed.
Marcus was a victim of a random drive by shooting in Detroit. He was transported to Sinai Grace Hospital by responding EMTs. He received treatment for his wounds. Marcus made a full recovery. Marcus now teaches youths how to live a violence free life.
Cassie bought a dozen hot tamales from a vendor this morning. She eagerly unwrapped the first spicy warm tamale. Cassie was so hungry that she took an enormous bite. She quickly stopped when her tooth hit a hard object. Disgusted, she looked down to find she had bitten into a golden ring!
The Smith family had planned a vacation to New York City for winter. Upon arriving they found it to be much colder than expected. They hit up local stores and stocked up on warm clothing. After suiting up they braved the cold city once more. Bundled up and warm, they enjoyed their entire New York City vacation.
John and his dad were going fishing. His dad stopped for bait. John looked out his window while waiting. He seen a bright blue boat for sale. His dad bought the boat.
Mike had what his friends called a blabber mouth. He could not keep a secret. He caught wind that his friend was sneaking around on his wife. He told everyone he knew and it got back to her. The sneaking around he was doing was a romantic surprise for her.
Eric loved warm days. He loved to swim on warm days. He lived in an area that was usually warm. As a result he could swim a lot. So he eventually joined a collegiate swim team.
Ella woke up in the middle of the night. She was so hungry. She crept into the kitchen. She opened the fridge and found some grapes. She snacked quietly, then returned to bed.
Fred and Leo were really hungry. There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation. Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered. He called an ordered a pizza. It was delivered about forty five minutes later.
One day my little brother made me laugh at the dinner table! I was eating chocolate pudding at the time! Unfortunately, my dad was sitting across the table from me! I spit the pudding all over his white dress shirt! I will never forget the look of surprise on his face!
Penelope's family announced that they were having a new baby! Penelope was so excited and told her mom that she wanted a sister. Her mom explained that they wouldn't know the gender for nine months. Penelope hoped and prayed for a sister the whole time. Just before Easter, Penelope got her wish -- a sister named Sadie.
Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months. She has been going to the gym to lose weight. Finally she buys a beautiful new swimsuit for her trip. She packs all of her things into her bag and she is ready to go. Rhonda can't wait until that airplane takes off.
Tammy is easy to scare. She liked Halloween for that reason. She chose to go to a haunted house with friends. She was scared throughout. Her screams were amusing to everyone else.
Sam's girlfriend was a hoarder. He kept trying to get her to get rid of stuff. ONe day there was a fire. All her stuff burned up fast. Sam felt bittersweet about it.
Kelly was having issues with her laptop. She decided to take it into the repair people. When she took it in, she was worried they couldn't fix it. Thankfully however they fixed it with no problem. Kelly was super thankful.
Pierre was pretty addicted to chocolate. He would eat a couple of pounds of chocolate daily. His wife suggested that he should see a doctor. Pierre's doctor told him that he has diabetes. Pierre had to quit chocolate and take medications.
Katy worked at a pet hospital. She loved working with animals, and excelled at her job. Her supervisors took notice of her hard work. They offered her a promotion working in the intensive care unit. Katy took the promotion, and was proud that her hard work paid off.
Tina invited her friend Ann to come sleepover. She hadn't seen Ann in ages and wanted to hang with her. Ann said okay and she ended up staying two nights. But she had forgotten to tell her parents about it. As a result she got grounded for not telling them.
There was a beautiful table on sale. Many people walked by and admired it. Lucy saw it and it struck her eye. She could not afford it so she cried. Her boyfriend bought it for her.
I receiver sunflower seed from my sister. I plant the seed in my garden. Everyday, I water the seed. It grows slowly after a few days. Now the flower has bloomed.
Sean loved playing Rock Band with his friends. He was great at it, and always said he should be a rock star. Sean harassed his parents til they bought him a guitar. He formed a band and said he didn't even need lessons. He realized playing a real guitar was much harder and quit.
Jasmine loved to bake. She made some healthy bran muffins. Her family ate them all in one day. They were surprised when they learned they were healthy. They asked Jasmine to make them again.
Marie was trying to fill out an application. She needed to mail it in but she had no stamps. She needed to get them before a deadline. That day, she went to the post office right away. She was able to mail the application for free, to her surprise.
She wasn't very hungry at lunch time. She went out to pick up burgers. She ordered herself a kids meal. The toy was a plastic cup. She thought it was rather boring.
It was a Saturday night sleepover and the girls wanted to play Ouija. Kelly and her friends took the board out and gathered around. They placed two fingers each on the planchette and asked questions. The board started to move on its own. The girls were frightened as maybe this was real after all.
At an intersection, a car was nosed out too far, making me nervous. Suddenly, it was hit hard by oncoming traffic, spinning 360 degrees. In panic, I left my car and ran to the battered vehicle to help. The lone occupant sat in shock and tears but wasn't badly hurt. As I called police, I said a prayer of thanks that no one was killed.
Last month I went to a firing range. I got to try out all sorts of different guns. At first I was scared to go, because I am scared of guns. But I learned that guns aren't really that scary. I had a fun time at the firing range.
The next door neighbor planned to buy a car. Two weeks later she brought a car from a friend. She paid three thousand dollars for the car. She drove the car home. There were five thousand dollars hidden under the seat.
Logan was watching TV while babysitting his baby sister. He was holding her and trying to burp her. Suddenly, he lost his grip and she fell onto the floor. She was crying so much that he was worried he'd hurt her. Luckily, she seemed alright and calmed down quickly.
Charlie didn't have friends. He got picked on every now and then in school. One day, Teagan sat with him at lunch. She did it to be nice. Now they are real best friends.
Steve had been growing a beard for a few months now. It was very long and very thick. His wife said that she doesn't like it and wants him to shave it off. Steve sighed then went into the bathroom. He took a picture of his beard for memories, then shaved it off.
I had never been to Disney before in my life. We made plans to go with my brother's family. The weather was great, and everyone was so friendly. We were so excited to finally see the Magic Kingdom. We got buttons and souvenirs to remember this wonderful vacation!
Tracy planted a tree. The tree was a pear tree. She took care of it. It grew and grew! She then picked fruit from it.
Keith is playing a game of basketball. Keith plays the worst game of his life. He lets all of his teammates down. Keith loses the game for his team. Keith quits playing basketball forever.
Little Sally was three years old. She was with her Mom at a big department store for the first time. Her Mom saw her jumping up and down in front of a mannequin. Her mother asked her what she was doing. Sally said she was trying to get the funny lady to move.
We had a tree in front of our condo building. It was low, and kids climbed onto it. One day a kid fell off it and was shaken up. The property manager trimmed off the low branches. The children stopped playing by the tree.
Charles' rap music moniker was AK. He didn't know someone named AK was in a popular rap group. In a club in Los Angeles AK's group was performing on stage. Charles was there. After the show Charles changed his rapping name to Bane.
Travis wanted a new bike. But all of them he looked at were too expensive. So he decided to buy a used one from someone online. And after receiving it, it was a great deal. Travis decided to buy more used products.
Lola studied hard all throughout her senior year. She focused on schoolwork. When finals came, she was ready. She went into the test site rested and prepared. Lola got wonderful grades on her finals.
We had student neighbors one year. They threw a noisy party. I called the police to intervene. The next day one neighbor made fun of my being Chinese. I went after him with a bat.
Ellen thought she'd invite a few people over. A hundred people ended up showing up! The party was out of control. Ellen was panicked. She told them all to leave immediately.
Bill woke up early one day. He decided to make breakfast. The sounds and smells woke up all his roommates. They all wanted food too. Bill wound up making them breakfast as well.
Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind. He attended his grandma's party and had a piece of cake. Hours later he got really sick and was rushed to the hospital. He was having an allergic reaction to nuts. The lady who baked the cake unknowingly used nuts for the frosting.
I was feeling lonely and decided to go out for a walk. I grabbed my jacket and my walkman and put on my shoes. I then walked out the door and began walking down the street. After walking for no more than fifteen minutes, I dropped my walkman. I broke it into a few pieces and then had to go back home.
Krisstina has been divorced for the second time. But that hasn't stopped her from wanting to find love again. So she goes on a lot of dates. In the past year she has had 6 live in boyfriends. Krisstina is now looking for her 7th boyfriend.
The day had finally come. Cleo and her roommate were moving out. The old place would be missed, but it was time to go. They loaded up the truck and off they went. It was bittersweet moving for Cleo and her roommate.
I  was cooking eggs for my family. I wanted it to have flavor. I added a large amount of pepper. They all thought it was way too much pepper. The family dog however, found that it tasted just right.
Janelle was going to the library. She found seventeen books she wanted to check out. She stuffed them all in her backpack. She took the bus home, trying not to spill any of her books. She was relieved to get home, sit down, and start to read!
I was staying in Indonesia. There were a lot of stray dogs in the city. I decided to feed one a banana. Alas, the dog bit me. I had to go to the hospital to check for rabies.
Yesterday for the Disney ride we had a short wait. I was beyond thrilled about it. I needed the shortest ride I could get. We passed everyone else who didn't have a pass. They had to wait hours.
Brian always wanted to serve his country. His family wanted him to go to college. He chose to join the reserves first. He was sent off overseas to fight. He never made it back.
Chuck looked at the clock with frustration. He had been hurrying the kids for the past 20 minutes. If they didn't get in the car now they'd be late for school. They were all in the car when he noticed he didn't have his own shoes. They were late for school, but Chuck was very quiet about it.
Joe ordered a sub in the cafeteria. The workers prepared the sandwich immediately. Once Joe asked for lettuce, they tensed up. In addition, they added a small amount. Joe argued about the suspicion and requested the manager.
Alice wanted a new candle for her apartment. She wanted one that looked nice and smelled nice. She went to the store to pick one out. The selection was big. She eventually chose a purple lavender candle to buy.
Jane loved cooking. Everyone else in her family did too. Her grandmother was teaching her family recipes. Jane was a quick learner. Eventually she learned everything there was to teach.
Chris, a true cowboy, was going to a local bull riding championship. While sitting up front, a bull with a rider rages towards him. It slams into the fencing, throwing its rider high into the air. The rider's hat goes flying and Chris manages to catch it. This is the most exciting bull riding event he has ever been to.
Sue was at a museum with her daughter. Sue saw an intricate vase on display. She took a picture of the vase on her phone. All of a sudden, security told her to stop taking pictures. Sue was told that flash photography was not allowed.
Jane bought new expensive makeup at the store. She was excited and wore more than normal. By lunchtime her lips swelled up. Jane found out she was allergic to the new makeup. She had to return it for a refund.
Susie went on a hot air balloon. She was nervous when it went in the air. But it caught on fire. Susie then had to jump out. Thankfully she survived.
I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years. Finally, it was one day before the release date. I was excited! Alas, my mother died the day of the release. Therefore, I was too sad to see Star Wars.
My friend got wild while dancing in my living room one day. He accidentally knocked my TV over. It shattered into a million pieces. My friend offered to buy me a new TV. My new TV it was even better than the old one.
Garry bought a new tent and wanted to test it out. He set it up in his backyard and staked it down. He crawled into the tent and lay there for a while. Rain began to fall and Garry was dry. He declared this tent test a success.
The little girl fell from the top of the slide. She hit her head very hard. The mom called 911. The ambulance arrived and carted her away. They took great care of her.
My daughter came home from college. Se showed up at my door yesterday. I had no idea she was coming. I was so happy to see her face. We had a very good visit.
Being a stay at home dad is fun I get to take care of my kids. I get to see them grow up first-hand. I even get to make my wife happy when she gets home. I can't wait for her to see what I cooked tonight.
I read Remembrance of Things Past in 2008. It took a year to read the seven novels. When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them. I celebrated the first book, which featured Madeline cookies. I was happy to have read such a long work.
Barry was selected to host a basketball camp for young children. Barry was excited to host the camp as he loved working with children. Barry taught the kids the mechanics of shooting, and the game history. Barry also taught the kids sportsmanship, and being a team player. Barry enjoyed being the host of this years basketball camp.
I was knocking on doors for my job. I experimented with leaving right away. Once a man asked me why. I noticed he held a pistol. I was uncomfortable with his street.
Laura's class has a fish. Laura has always wanted a pet fish ever since starting school. Laura's mom took her to get her first pet fish. Laura did not take proper care of her fish, and it died. Laura felt terrible about it dying, and decided not to get another.
Tom walked into the bar and saw a pool table. He challenged the men currently playing to a game. They laughed at him and said that they were too good for him. Tom grabbed a pool cue and snapped it over his knee. The men were shocked and said he could play next.
Ollie was playing outside on his bike. Suddenly he fell and scraped his knee. He searched out his mom who comforted him. Then he asked for a kiss to make his knee better. His mom kissed the injury and he did feel a little bit better.
Levi aspired to become a astronaut. He studied very hard in school. On graduation day he was excited about going to college. He went to college and graduated with honors. Levi was accepted into NASA's space training program.
Trent had a dog name Handle. Handle ran away one day. Trent was so sad. He put up missing posters all over town. Tren got a call his dog was found.
Katie was at risk of getting evicted from her apartment. She needed to find a new job to earn some money. She asked her friend Alex to hire her at his restaurant. He hired her the next day. She was able to pay her rent on time.
Allie went to the store. She got a lot of ingredients. She wanted to make her own ice cream. She made a coffee flavor. It was delicious.
Donald's car window broke after a small accident. I got a call from him about it and asked if I could help. I drove him to a mechanic and asked them how much to fix it. They told me it'd be a lot of money and he couldn't afford it. I offered to loan him the money and he accepted, so it was repaired!
A bunch of friends got into drama. One girl ratted on another. They started to pull hair. A teacher stopped them. She made them group hug.
Sam had set his alarm to get up for work. There was a bad storm. The storm knocked out the power. His alarm clock was reset. Sam's alarm didn't go off.
Jane noticed her tap water was brown. Nobody was able to resolve her problem. She wound up having to sue the city. Eventually the lawsuit came to fruition. Jane won and things were fixed.
Jen had poor health. But she wanted to have a waffle for breakfast. She decided that it would be okay one time. She enjoyed her waffle. But later on she felt sick.
Sabreen noticed it was getting harder and harder to read fine print. She did everything she could not to admit she needed glasses. Her family and friends kept telling her she needed glasses. One day while shopping, she bought the wrong medicine for her son. Because he had an allergic reaction, she admitted she needed glasses.
Tom was leaving a meeting in the worst part of town. A man with a gun stopped him. The man demanded Tom's money. Tom handed over his money clip. Tom vowed never to go to that part of town again.
Sean hated going to the dentist, but he knew he had to go. The dentist was kind, but Sean was still scared. The dentist cleaned his teeth. Then, the dentist told him he was all done. Sean was scared for nothing!
Dan vacuumed the floor of his car. He got all the loose pebbles and dirt that had accumulated. Suddenly his shop vac started making a grinding noise! Dan stopped it and saw some stones had gotten into the motor. Dan cleaned them and continued vacuuming.
It was a nice wintery day. I was walking through half a foot of snow. I could see christmas lights all around me. I finally saw my apartment in the distance. I went inside and had a cup of hot chocolate.
Arnold was scared of mice. He thought they were disgusting. One night he felt something on his bed. It was a tiny mouse. Arnold screamed at the top of his lungs.
Ed was on his swim team, but had trouble breathing. He could not hold his breath long enough. His teacher urged him to practice. Ed was dubious but followed her advice. Soon, to his surprise, his breath-holding time had doubled!
The family went on a vacation to the beach. They found a good spot. They had a good time at the beach. They found lots of seashells. They took a lot of pictures at the beach.
A little baby started to scratch his face. The parents bought him some mittens. They put them on the baby. The baby couldn't scratch his face. The parents were happy.
The keyboard was broken so I had to buy a new one. The new one I picked turned out to be very cheap. I typed on it but it drove me crazy. The keys were extremely loud. It was obnoxious to everyone.
Dave as feeling hungry. He checked his kitchen for some food. There wasn't anything in the fridge or pantry. He went out to get a burger. Dave felt full.
Thomas was at the arcade. He was fairly confident that he could win the crane game. Some kids placed bets on him. Luckily, he did win on the crane game. He ended up earning some good money.
I wanted to do my nails. I gathered up my supplies. Then, I sat in my bathroom. I started painting my nails. When I was done, I let them dry.
There was two teenagers yelling at the courtyard. No teachers around and all the students was gathering around. Then, all of a sudden one of the teenagers threw a punch. The fight began and went on for about ten minutes. Eventually, the fight was broken up by a security officer.
Maureen notices that she doesn't feel very well. She takes a day off of work in order to see the doctor. The doctor tells Maureen that she has a cold. She has more sleep and drinks plenty of liquid until she feels better. Maureen finally feels well enough to return to work.
Ted was terrified of flying, but he had to make a business trip. While boarding the plane, he thought about airplanes crashing. He was fine at first, then the plane started rocking and shaking. Greg was terrified and believed he would die. When the turbulence stopped, Greg realized how lucky he was.
Brad was a quick learner at the school of music in his city. He was the ideal student to have and many of his teachers agreed. He was a fast learner and could play any instrument they had. He became the next Beethoven and went on to write many composure. He was a genius composer and owed his success to his school of music.
Tom's crop was doing badly. The weather was dry and dusty. Then he installed a new, expensive irrigation system. The new system helped the plants get the water they needed. Soon Tom's crop was thriving once again!
Tim lived in the south. His neighbors flew a Confederate flag. Tim was uneasy about it. He never really talked to his neighbors. He avoided them as much as possible.
Lily always wanted to play soccer. Lily's father told her she wasn't allowed to play a rough sport. Lily sneaked around, playing soccer behind her dad's back. Lily did so well in the school's playoff game that it hit the news. Lily was promptly grounded when her dad found out about her playing.
One day I went to the Everglades with my friends. We went on a canoe trip through the many swamps. I looked over and saw an alligator that was as long as our canoe. Everyone was very nervous but the alligator just ignored us. Afterwards we all had great stories to tell about our canoe trip.
Alan went to his family's party. Although it was boring, he enjoyed eating the food. After he was full, he decided to leave without telling anyone. The family was trying to look for Alan when they noticed. When his mom came home, she yelled at him.
I threw a Super Bowl party last year. I invited all my friends over to my house. No one showed up though. I was upset by that. Then I realized I threw the party a week too early!
Richard was accused of assaulting a woman. He denied it. He took a polygraph test. He passed with flying colors. The charges were soon dropped.
Dawn was traveling through Italy. She stopped to eat some pizza. She wasn't sure what the toppings were, but she liked it. After she finished, she found out it had been octopus. Dawn was disgusted!
I was invited to a wedding. I forgot to rsvp. A lot of other people also forgot to rsvp. As a result, the people running the wedding were not prepared. There was not enough food for everyone.
I was walking down the street. I saw a homeless man. He didn't have shoes or socks. I decided to give him my socks. I realized the importance of charity.
Sara was painting her nails purple. As she was finishing up, her cat ran through. He knocked over the bottle of nail polish. Sara tried to clean it up but it was useless. She now has a large stain on her floor.
Roger wanted to be an astronaut when he grew up. As a kid, he played with toy rockets and space men. When they closed the space shuttle program, Roger was sad. He knew he still wanted to reach the sky. Now, Roger is working on getting his pilot's license to fly planes.
Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick. She looked up videos online to try and learn. She watched the videos very closely to see how the trick is done. Joyce then practiced, and practiced, and practiced. Finally, she was able to masterfully perform the yoyo trick!
Kay decided to make pancakes for her family. She put all the ingredients together and got to work. Each pancake turned out light and fluffy and golden-brown. However, when she took a bite, she realized they tasted awful! She had put salt instead of sugar.
Tanya wanted to mount both of her degrees on her wall. One degree was in linguistics, specializing in mouth shapes. The other degree was in biology, specializing in genetics. She thought that displaying her degrees in her office would look good. Tanya's internet start-up manager stopped her from hanging them.
Gerry was reading a story to his son. His son hated the story. Gerry chose a different story. His son fell asleep. It did its job.
As my son grew, he didn't talk as he should have. I didn't understand so I took him to several doctors. They all told me he would talk when he was ready. I didn't truly believe them. Eventually a doctor diagnosed him with apraxia.
Tom had anger issues. It was causing him problems at work. He was forced to take anger management classes. Tom was able to learn many coping techniques. He became better at dealing with his aggression.
Allie was listening to a song. She liked it a lot. So much that she decided to put it on repeat. She heard it over again. By the tenth time she got tired of it.
Kaya was using her metal detector to dig for coins at the beach. But while digging, she found a non-metallic treasure. It was a trilobite fossil! Kaya knew how rare and precious they were. She resolved to keep the fossil forever!
Kin's parents were Korean immigrants, and they worked hard. When Kin was 15, they told him he had to work too. After school every day, he worked 5 hours at the family store. Kin was very tired throughout high school! But in the end, he learned a lot about responsibility.
I get up around six in the morning, and start to get ready for school. I put my on my clothes, my shoes, and go into the kitchen. Once in the kitchen I make my lunch and keep an eye on the time. When I am done making my lunch, I realize that I'm going to be late. I leave through the kitchen door, go outside, and run to the bus stop.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is precocious. She was playing on a glockenspiel the other day. Her uncle said this was a glockenspiel. She said it was a xylophone. We were amazed she could pronounce the word.
Allie went to the basketball game. Her brother was playing. She had to be there. At the end his team won. She was so happy.
Ken got a call from work one day. He was supposed to be there. Ken told them that wasn't his schedule. He was informed that the schedule was changed last minute. Ken got in trouble for not showing up.
Tom was washing dishes. He noticed the water wasn't leaving. The pipe had gotten clogged. Tom used a plunger to fix it. It worked and he was able to finish washing dishes.
Jack was a great tap dancer. He decided to audition for the town's yearly talent show. Jack practiced for hours a day on his routine. He was nervous about performing in front of so many people. Jack danced his heart out and won the talent show.
Dan's grandfather recently had a major stroke. Dan rushed to the hospital, thinking the worse had happened. However, Dan saw his grandfather alive, but not moving. After talking to the doctors, they told Dan he was paralyzed. Dan was heartbroken to hear his grandfather was in such a state.
Fred comes home after work unsure about what to eat. He checks his cabinet and realizes he has spaghetti. Fred cooks the spaghetti eats it for dinner. After cooking he leaves the dirty dishes in the sink. He is happy that he didn't have to leave the house to get food.
Tony wanted some coffee. He walked to a local coffee shop and ordered a drink. The drink he was given wasn't coffee. Tony got mad and yelled. Tony got a free coffee.
Danny's music player wasn't working. He took it into the shop and asked for help. A technician searched for the issue with his music player. He told Danny that the internal battery was dead. Danny paid the technician to replace the battery.
Kyle was new in town. He visited a local church. THe pastor greeted him immediately. He really like the music and the classes. Kyle decided this would be his new church home.
Olivia was carrying a hot bowl of soup. She tried to gently put it on the table, but it was too hot. She accidentally spilled the soup across the table. The liquid drowned a book she had left on the table. She tried to save it but the book was ruined.
It was Friday night. Gina had a speech to give in front of her class on Monday. She hadn't begun writing yet. She considered starting it that night. But she decided to watch horror movies instead.
Emma was interested in a work program. She needed a letter of recommendation to be accepted. She decided to ask her teacher. Luckily, her teacher agreed. She wrote out the letter and gave it to Emma.
It was over 110 degrees every day that summer. Anna was so sweaty and miserable. She wished she could afford an air conditioner. But then she went to the store and bought two cheap fans. Aimed at her face, they helped her cool off a lot!
We usually took the weekends off for ourselves. We worked hard all week, but made little money. We sat down at lunch and talked about our finances. We mutually decided we were going to work through the weekend. We determined to make at least $100 between us.
Shaleen was entering a pumpkin into a carving contest. She wanted a design that really stood out. At first she couldn't think of any, but then she looked outside. She was inspired by the landscape, using a small knife to carve. Her landscape won the competition by a landfall.
The construction workers were making a delivery of bricks. They backed into the driveway, and started to unload them. The owner of the house ran out and tried to make them stop. They realized that they were not at the correct address. Red-faced, they checked their address again.
Dave wanted to bake a cake. He didn't know how to bake a cake. He found a recipe on the internet Dave went to the store to find the ingredients. Dave baked his first cake.
I wanted to eat cereal. But, I realized I didn't have skim milk. I decided to ask my neighbor for milk. He gave me whole milk. It was disgusting so I went to the store to buy skim milk.
Laura had picture day. She was quite nervous. She wanted to look just right. Thankfully she got ready well. Her pictures looked great.
I've been unemployed for about six months now. Today I had a meeting with a recruiter at a good firm. She asked me why she should hire me. I was too nervous to think of anything, so I said because I'm nervous. I didn't get a call back from that job.
Deanna was doing her homework online when the storm came. She was already late turning in the weekly assignment. When she heard the first thunder, she started typing faster. She made it halfway through when the storm knocked out the power. She didn't get a chance to turn in her assignment.
Tim felt guilty lately. He had bought a lot of things for himself over the year. So for Christmas he bought lots of toys for needy children. Tim felt much better about himself. He decided he was going to do this every year.
Mr White's 3rd grade class went to the art museum. They saw many different paintings. The group's favorite was a VanGogh painting called Starry Night. The group discussed the colors and swirly patterns in the picture. Mr White bought a poster of the painting to hang in class.
Jeannie always wanted to take a trip to the jungle. She loved the idea of walking amongst the trees and wildlife. After years of working towards her goal she had the opportunity to go. Her experience of the jungle was nothing like she expected. She was bit by a spider and almost died.
I decided to eat at a food truck. I ordered some fish tacos. They gave me pork tacos instead. They refused to refund me. I decided to write a bad review to ruin their business.
Last week I got a sunburn. So I bought some aloe gel. I did not like it. Yet I ended up using half of it. I was happy to have it.
We live in the deep South. One year it snowed 4 inches! It was a nice, wet snow. My husband and daughter went outside to play. They built her first snowman and it was bigger than she was!
Riley grew up in a baseball family. His father was a professional player. He would have to continue this legacy by trying out for varsity. He tried out and left an impression. He is now on the Varsity team.
Madison was at her desk before class began. She noticed a new girl was sitting near her desk. She saw that the girl was looking around and looking nervous. Madison decided to approach the girl. She leaned over and introduced herself, which made the girl happy.
Jason had a bad dream. He woke up suddenly was scared. He couldn't go back to sleep. Jason decided to get up and watch TV. Eventually he fell asleep again in front of the TV.
Nick was driving home from work one night. He saw a girl pulled to the side of the road. The girl's tire was flat. Nick pulled over and helped her change her tire.q The girl thanked him gratefully.
Linda's regular stylist was out of town. She really needed a haircut. She went to someone else at the same salon. She explained she wanted a trim, about a half inch off the ends. The stylist cut off over 2 inches of Linda's hair!
Reade married his high school sweetheart. When their son graduated high school they struggled. They were redefining their relationship. Reade filed for divorce. He moved out and wanted a new life.
I went to the local store. I was in search of color palettes so I could paint a room. I picked out several shades of blue. I eventually picked up some green as well. I finally chose a color that was a bit in between.
Holly had an issue with her laptop. She let her sister use it, and she accidentally downloaded a virus. Holly ran antivirus software to see if she could remove it. The antivirus software did not fix the problem. Holly had to take her laptop to tech support to get it fixed.
It had been 3 days since Gina asked her mother when they were leaving. She had been told they were going home in 3 days. She awoke ready to go home. But she discovered her mother was at the grocery store. She knew this meant they weren't going home.
Several of my friends were walking across the mall. Drew decided to act reckless and flip over a garbage can. One of the police officers noticed him. He warned Drew to stop or else he'll be arrested. Drew didn't cause any mischief for the rest of the day.
Mike loves to eat fish. He decided he would catch his own. Mike bought a pole and a bucket of minnows. He went fishing and caught 12 bass. He cooked them and ate the delicious meats.
Mark was trying to get to work. He was already about 10 minutes late. He was very angry. Just as the traffic was clearing up a car runs into him. Mark gets out of the car and bangs on the other person's car screaming.
Bill has three cats. When he first got them, they were a real pain. He spent hours making sure that they didn't wreck his home. Eventually, he got them to behave. Now his cats are very placid.
Sophie asked Bill if she could purchase a pet for the children. Bill responded anything except a dog. Sophie giggled and said that the children picked out a fish. Bill was quite pleased as he was not ready for any large pets. Bill was furious when he found out his children named a dog, Fish.
Todd was a hunter. He bought a new beagle to train for raccoon hunting. He took out the beagle one night to track down a raccoon. The beagle started chasing it's own tail instead. Todd walked back to the truck despondently.
Tim sat at home hungry. He didn't feel like cooking. He wished he had a wife to cook him food. He sat on the couch and cried. He then decided to order a pizza instead of crying.
Sean and Sara were playing a board game. At first, Sean was winning the game. Suddenly, Sara blind sided him and took the lead. They were teasing each other about who would win. In the end, Sara won.
Alexia had been feeling painfully sick off and on for many years. The doctors' kept telling her it was just heartburn. One day she was so sick she had to go to the hospital again. They ran a bunch of tests to find out was wrong. Finally after all the tests they discovered she had gallstones.
Lo was twelve when her parents announced they were expecting again. Lo was angry and grumpy! She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home. Gradually she realized she loved little kids! Soon she hurried home to wait to welcome her new baby brother!
Doris was a hideous middle age women. She was very rich but not the beauty. Her dream was to become a beautiful women. She found a plastic surgeon who would operate on her. The surgeon operation was a success and she became beautiful!
Tina wanted to go on a date with brian. He finally asked her out. When he got to her place his car broke down. Tina had a great idea. They ended up having a wonderful night watching movies at home.
The Alan's lived in an area prone to tornadoes. There was a warning of a big one approaching them. They had similar scares in the past and decided to ride it out. Although they had a basement the winds destroyed everything. None of them survived.
I work for a transit authority. One day I found an old rollsign in the garbage. I brought it home. Years later I sold it on ebay for $100. I needed the money to pay bills.
The tallest tower in the city was being given a new name. The mayor asked his friends what they should call it. One friend said they should call it Mega Tower. The mayor told the advising committee of the great name. They all agreed and the tower was dubbed Mega Tower.
My friend is a hunter. He went out in search of an elk. He waited all day and night for the elk to appear. Finally, he returned home empty-handed. The elk was nowhere to be found.
Bill's Ford truck gets a flat tire. The factory jack is useless. He has to call a tow company to change the tire. The next day he buys a real jack. He vows to never buy a Ford vehicle again.
Jason's laptop had just crashed. He wanted to get a new laptop. Jason searched online and found the perfect one for him. He placed his order. Jason received his new laptop in the mail 3 days later.
As George was walking down the street his stomach growled. He was hungry. George went inside a restaurant. He ate a meal. He wasn't hungry anymore.
Hallie was visiting New York City. She always liked collecting charms when she travelled. The only problem was she didn't know where to find a charm. She searched everywhere and almost didn't find one. Luckily the Statue of Liberty gift shop sold some.
Nate wanted to skydive. He was nervous, but he made an appointment. He showed up and geared up. Then it was the moment of truth. Nate jumped - and he loved it!
Every Saturday I play basketball. I drive to the rec center's gymnasium. A couple friends meet me there with their basketballs. We choose teams. For two hours we play basketball and have fun.
Little Meg feared her cat Bo was very sick. He had become bloated and awkward lately. Meg worried constantly, but then one night she got a shock. Her boy cat turned out to be a girl cat! Bo gave birth to 7 kittens (and was renamed Belle)!
Jim loved his Uncles. They taught him how to fish. They went fishing every year. One year Jim was unable to meet up with them. So He decided to meet them twice the next year.
The man had some ideas. They were wrong. The man acted on the ideas. The results were very bad. The man discarded the bad ideas.
Sandy could not figure it out. Why did whales keep beaching themselves here? She decided to build a plan. She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net. The net helped keep whales off the beach, saving their lives.
Alice joined the Army. She always wanted to growing up. She is very patriotic. Her parents were worried for her but proud too. After her basic training she got stationed in Germany.
Chris had spent so much time playing Mario. He would always think of it. Sometimes he would invite friends to join. He wondered if he would ever beat it. He finally did but then decided to start over once more.
Jon bought steaks to grill. He heated the grill. While the steaks were on the grill, he entertained his guests. Jon forgot to turn the steaks. His steaks were burned on one side.
Lucy was cooking dinner. She bought all the ingredients to make chicken and rice. She cooked the rice beforehand. She added the chicken to the mix. The dish turned out perfect.
adam wanted to play football so he tried out for the team. He wasn't very good so he didn't make the cut. His we, the coach saw his agility. He recruited him for track and field. Track and field is now his favorite hobby.
Kim's parents had friends over. They were drinking and playing domino. Kim thought it looked complicated. She thought surely only the smartest people could play domino. Kim thought it looked like the coolest game ever.
Jerry loved to make music. He played the drums. He was the best drum player in school. One day he lost his sticks and was sad. He decided to use rulers and made the best music ever.
Ken took out several ingredients to make spaghetti and pasta. He started to chop several sausages to place in the ground beef. However, he injured his finger while trying to cut it. Blood spilled on the food. Since the food was ruined, Ken threw it away and ordered pizza.
The kids were walking down the street. They saw a bunch of trash laying in the gutter. They started to pick it up and put it in the garbage can. Soon, the gutter was looking cleaner. They were glad they'd done their part.
Ella wanted to give each of her teachers a holiday gift. But she had eight teachers and couldn't afford eight gifts! Then her sister helped her find a solution. Together they cooked up dozens of cookies to give out. Ella's teachers were so happy with her delicious gifts!
Ashlynn had a date planned one night. She hadn't taken a shower for a week because she was afraid of water. She neglected to take one when getting ready for the date. At the date, her date noticed that she smelled really bad. At the end of the date he said he didn't want to see her again.
Tom was driving to work. He got pulled over by a cop. Tom asked why. The cop mentioned a busted tail light. Tom agreed to fix it and only got a warning.
I was mailing letters one evening. There were a lot of letters to mail and a lot of envelopes. When I licked one envelope, it gave my tongue a paper cut. I yelled out in pain from the paper cut. I then went to the kitchen and got a wet sponge for the envelopes.
In Becca's classroom her math teacher was absent with a cold. To the class' delight, they got a substitute teacher. When the substitute came into the class, everyone was happy. The teacher made everything very fun for the kids. Becca could not wait to have the substitute again.
Rando Rundo was running for his life. He was walking in the forest one night and saw a bear. Eventually he made it back home, out of breath. His friends asked what happened. They didn't get an answer, because the bear broke through the door.
Chad loved to eat fish. Chad saw an advertisement for a new fish restaurant in town. Chad decided that he would give the restaurant a try. Chad ordered a poached Mahi Mahi, with a side of rice. Chad loved the food, and knew that he would return.
I started doing an mTurk hit on music bands. I had to research band origins, relationships, and credits. Most of the information was on wikipedia. Several of the wikipedia articles were vague. After doing a few hits, I gave up.
John retired from work. John was bored of being retired. John needed to find something fun to do. John saw a squirrel and fed it. John realized that feeding squirrels was a worthwhile activity.
Everyone at Kate's office was getting sick. There was a case of cold going around. Eventually Kate started feeling sick too. She had all the same symptoms. She had to take days off to get better.
Over the summer, I went to Italy. It was the best time of my life. I traveled to new cities. I tried new foods. I met new people.
Susie got a new pair of jeans. She wore them all the time. Eventually they got holes. She still wore them. But she had to get them fixed.
Jessica and Robert had the day off from work. They had tickets for Disneyland and decided to go and take their son. They took their son on all the rides until they were all tired. They went on one last ride and left the park to go home. They talked about how much fun they had and then went to sleep.
Greg and his wife were teachers. They bought a school with their retirement money. Greg had an abrasive personality and many people did not like him. Their reputation suffered because of this. The school closed because Greg was a jerk.
One day Tom's dog ran away. Tom searched for his dog all over town. After searching all day he found nothing and went home sad. He then received a call saying someone saw his dog at the park. He went and after a long search Tom found his dog in the bushes!
Johnny had anger problems. He put holes in his apartment walls when he got angry. When his yearly inspection came up, the manager was horrified. She told Johnny he'd have to pay to have all the holes fixed. It made him so mad that he punched another one right in front of her!
I wanted to have children. My husband got me some fish instead. I didn't like taking care of them. They always died. I decided not to have children.
Kya was trying to be vegan. But she kept slipping up! She ate a lot of animal products unknowingly. Soon, though, she became more aware of what was in her food. Before long, being vegan was effortless.
Tony wanted to buy a skateboard. But his parents told him it was too dangerous. He decided to borrow a friend's skateboard. But he ended up breaking his arm. Tony's parents made sure he never skated again.
Kim was upset she had a grass stain on her pink shorts. She showed her mother who laughed. Her mother put Shout on the stain and let them sit an hour. When she washed the shorts the stain was gone. Kim was very happy she was able to save her shorts.
Alex decided to go shopping on Black Friday for the first time ever. He woke up at 3:00 AM and left the house by 3:30 AM. He stood in line at Best Buy for an hour in the cold! There were a lot of people in the store, but he was able to find a TV. During his drive home, Alex vowed to never shop on Black Friday again.
We had ants in our Keurig coffeemaker recently. They appeared in the water reservoir. The Keurig representative said to flush the system. We placed ant traps around the coffeemaker for months. The ants finally disappeared.
Ona wanted to learn Spanish. She signed up for the elective class her school offered. At first she struggled to pronounce the strange words. But soon she was learning rapidly. Ona's teacher even said she was the best in the class!
Michael loved to play basketball, but wasn't very good. He tried out for his high school team and got cut. He practiced every single day for many hours. The next year he had a growth spurt. He made the team and went on to be a star.
Larry realizes he has been spending too much money in restaurants. He decides to start cooking more at home. He goes to the grocery store and buys rice, vegetables, and meat. Over the next few weeks, he cooks at home a lot. Larry is happy that he is going to restaurants less than he used to.
In Jeff's neighborhood there lived a nasty, old, Siamese cat. This nasty cat walked all around the neighborhood peeing on everything One day, Jeff left his front door open and the nasty cat came inside. The nasty cat went into every room and peed on everything. When Jeff found out, he kicked the nasty cat.
Tim was an active young boy. Tim was playing football with his friends. Tim hurt his hand. Tim went to the hospital and had x-rays taken. Tim was happy to learn he did not break his hand.
Joni was making a cake. She realized she was out of eggs. Joni called her husband. She asked him to bring home eggs. Joni made the cake later that night.
Jack was feeling ill at work. He told his boss he was going home. Jimmy got home and layed down. He started to feel a little better. He secretly felt happy about being sick.
I decided to take a hike last weekend. I went up to the top of a near mountain. The view was breathtaking. I felt alive and in touch with nature. I took plenty of pictures before coming back.
Tony was very excited, he had never been on a ferris wheel before. He went to the fair with his mom and dad. They were excited as well. They boarded the ferris wheel and began slowly going to the top. Tony was scared but excited, he had a great time.
When John asked Betty to go to a concert, she was excited. They now stood in line to enter the concert hall. Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert. Both she and John were dressed in formal wear. At the end of the concert, Betty had a better appreciation for Bach.
Kate's school had a contest. Whoever could earn the most box tops would win a prize. Kate spent all month finding as many box tops as possible. On the last day of the contest, she turned in her box tops. She ended up winning.
My daughter's college friend Sharyn smoked a lot. Sharyn's sister Sue got married shortly after graduation. A year later Sue had a baby. Sue told Sharyn she could not see the baby if she smoked. Sharyn gave up smoking.
Roland came to the bowling alley looking to improve his skills. He paid for 2 hours of bowling as well as premium equipment. Roland hadn't been playing for long when he got his first ever strike. Feeling accomplished, he did his signature dance and ordered food. He managed to do it 3 more times before it was done for the evening.
Before I took the SAT I was a little nervous. So the night before I went out and bought a Butterfinger bar. They break really easily so I tried to keep it safe. I put it in a special place at night and protected it in the car. I was so concerned about the bar that I wasn't worried about the SAT!
Julie was playing by the river when she noticed Sara near by. She asked Sara if she wanted to play. Sara said she wanted to play by herself. Julie thought she was just shy. Sarah smiled as Julie shared her umbrella as it started to rain.
Tom rode the train home from work. When he got off, he had forgot his briefcase! Tom rushed to try to stop the train but failed. He spent all night getting it back. Tom's wife was bitter for they had plans that night.
Ray was a pretty good trail runner. He used to go running every day. However, last week he sprained his ankle. Ray's been confined to a treadmill since then. He keeps asking his doctor when he can go running again.
I let my cousin stay with me. He had nowhere to go. However, he was a slob. I was about to kick him out. When he cooked my a huge breakfast, I decided he could stay.
We sat down and had a long talk. The alcoholism was really breaking our family apart. He decided to stop drinking cold turkey. We threw out all the alcohol we could find. We hugged and made a promise to each other to make things right.
When I was a kid, my friends and I went to a pond. We brought a container to catch frogs. We tried to get as many frogs as we could. We looked at them for awhile then let them go. We went back home and had fun.
Tom was walking around outside. He saw a straw cat. He decided to pet it. The cat bit him. He got very nervous and went to the doctors.
Sam's grandpa was proud to show off his garden. When the grandpa took a nap, Sam went back to the garden. A bit later, Sam woke his grandfather. Sam proudly handed the old man a basket of vegetables. The grandpa smiled although every vegetable was unripe.
I once lived in an old farm house. This house was infested with cockroaches. It was a big problem because they were disgusting. We called an exterminator to fumigate the house. After the fumigation we didn't have any more cockroaches.
Kathy was running some errands. She wanted to eat but she didn't have a lot of money. She looked through her purse and found a sandwich coupon. It would help her stick to her budget. She bought a sandwich with it and enjoyed it a lot.
Diane wanted to buy a new car, so she started at her bank. She spoke with the agent, and was pre-qualified for a loan. Knowing what she could spend, she went to look for a new car. She test drove two SUVs from the lot, and then discussed her options. After deliberating, she chose a black SUV and paid with her loan.
Mark leased a duplex for several years to an old woman. She was nice enough if a recluse. When she died, Mark found out she was a hoarder. She had many antiques though, and with no one else it went to Mark. Mark sold the pieces, and no longer needed to lease the duplex.
I met a cute girl at the bar. She said she was from England. We chatted for a while but I lost interest. I probably should have stuck around but I didn't. Likely, I'll remain single.
Jake was asleep one night. All of a sudden he heard violent screams. He got up to see what was going on. He went to the living room to notice the television was on. Jake's girlfriend was watching a scary movie.
GinaMarie met Nick the first week of July in 2013. After just 2 months of dating GinaMarie told Nick that she loved him. Nick felt very uncomfortable by this and broke up with her. But GinaMarie wouldn't accept it and she began to stalk him. Nick was scared and tried to press stalking charges against her.
When Bo gets a new girlfriend his kid brother is really mean to her. Finally Bo has had enough. He asks his brother what his problem is. His brother's jealous that Bo spends all his time with his girlfriend. Tim promises to spend more time with with his brother.
I went to my boyfriend's parent's home. They let me in begrudgingly. I told them I had nowhere else to go. I didn't know why they didn't like me. They bade me to sleep on their couch for a few days.
As soon as deer season opened I was in the stand. All around me the woods were waking up with wildlife. It was such a beautiful sight to see the sunset cresting the trees. Out of nowhere a doe with her children came into the clearing. I watched with reverence and let them pass.
I bought an aquarium recently to start a fresh water tank. I researched many different kinds of freshwater fish for my tank. After a lot of study I decided on purchasing some cichlids. These fish went well with my tank set up. I plan on watching these fish grow for a very long time.
Rose always had a fear of spiders. When her son was home, she often asked for help. When he moved, she felt scared. Lo and behold, a spider showed up in her room. She built up the courage to take it out herself.
There use to be a lot of businesses in my neighborhood. However, that all changed over time. More and more business closed down after the recession. More people are shopping online instead of shopping locally. There is now a lot of abandon buildings and everything seems deserted.
Abby was just starting out on a exercise routine. Abby's trainer was in the gym training with her. Abby's trainer asked her to do two minutes of jumping jacks. Abby immediately sulked at the idea of jumping jacks. Abby wanted her trainer to know that she disliked jumping jacks.
Trey was the biggest bully in his class. He would often threaten the other children. A new boy in the school wasn't scared of Trey. He was smaller than Trey, but he stood up for himself. After he pushed Trey to the ground, Trey stopped his bullying.
Carol wanted to  be famous at school. She tried everything but nothing worked. One day she decided to dye her hair pink. When she went to school everyone noticed her. she became known as
Jim is thrilled when he graduates law school and passes the bar. Jim is not thrilled when the only job he can find is waiting tables. It takes him six months to find a job in the legal profession. But Jim meets his future wife while he's working at the restaurant. Jim is happy that everything happened the way that it did.
Pat had been training for her first 5K all summer. She ran the Fall Festival race. She had set a goal to finish in 30 minutes flat. She pushed herself as hard as she could. She finished the race in just a little over 29 minutes!
Today was day the was going to be very good or very bad. The man put on his suit and went to the bank. He walked into the loan officers office. The man gave his presentation and business plan and waited anxiously. The Loan officer gave him the loan.
Sara loved to write poems. She wanted to appear in the school talent show, but she was nervous. What if people laughed at her? But her mom convinced her to appear anyways. And people didn't laugh - they cheered and applauded!
Tonight I played six chess games online. I played my friend Frank. I won two games, lost one, and tied two. My ranking went up to 1450 while Frank's went down to 1425. Tomorrow may bring another story.
Sean was invited to a Christmas Party. He carefully planned out what he would wear to the party. When the day of the party arrived Sean was both happy and excited. Sean had a great time at the party and met many new friends. He can't wait until next year's party.
Lightning seemed to fly through the sky and thunder roared. It was a magnificent sight that had not been seen in awhile. Suddenly a bolt of lightning struck the biggest tree in the vicinity. The tree snapped and caught on fire. Fireman rushed to the scene and put out the fire abruptly.
Mel loved candy canes. He decided to make a large one, one meant to be a cane. My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well. He tried to then use it as a cane, since he needed one. It broke in half while trying to use it and which made him sad.
Amy asked Jim to come over to watch the parade on TV. Jim and Amy had a great time watching all the cartoon character floats. The parade was ending and the kids were excited to see the last float. Just then Amy's dad came into the room and stumbled on the cord. They hurriedly plugged the TV back in, but the parade had ended.
Gordon's restaurant was always running out of napkins. Gordon did not make enough profits to invest in more napkins. Gordon decided to install air-dryers in the bathrooms. The cost of the dryers was more than additional napkins would've been. Gordon's decision paid off with reduced costs in the long-term.
Tim was sad that he wasn't normal. He was shorter than most boys. His hair was curly, unlike his classmates. He wore red while others wore green. Tim then realized that being different is what makes him special.
Sam ran through the empty office to his cubicle. He forgot his briefcase at his desk. He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground. He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up. Sam got up and kicked the papers around even more.
Mike was a successful businessman. He wanted to help poor kids. Saw he found a poor kid. He proceeded to train the child. The child become fairly successful later on.
Trina's dream job is to be a reporter. But she thinks she'll never land her ideal position. She graduated college five Years ago and recently applied to TMZ. The celebrity news show hired her as a reporter. But she turned them down because she didn't have a car.
Patricia was a lonely person. Her husband had died years before. She did little other than sit on her porch and watch life go by. She decided to do something exciting. Patricia booked a trip to Hawaii for a change of scenery.
Tara wanted to learn how to line dance. She took lessons at her local gym. She was frustrated she couldn't learn the dance at first. Eventually she was able to line dance perfectly. Tara eventually signed up for a line dancing competition nearby.
Last week was Thanksgiving. The extended family got together for dinner. In the middle of it my uncle came out as gay. A few people were shocked. Everyone was overall supportive and loving.
Eli always played with a box. His mother was worried and questioned him. He said it was his friend and she was more concerned. Then Eli told his mom he had glued a photo of her to it to play with. Her suspicion disappeared as she finally understood.
Larry loved to play football. Lary would often get tackled hard but was never injured. One year, Larry's team made it to the finals! Lary ran in for a deep pass but got tackled hard! Lary fell with a broken leg and was taken to the hospital immediately!
Alex had a Kenpo sparring tournament that he was preparing for. When the day of the tournament arrived, he nervously got in the ring. The referee blew their whistle and the fight started. Alex fought with all his might and knocked out his opponent. He was awarded a medal for his victory.
Sue's friends set her up on date. She did not want to go. She knew it would not work. She finally agreed to go. Her friends had found the perfect match for her.
Jimmy wanted a pet dog. He promised to take care of it. His parents got him one as long as he kept his word. Jimmy stopped taking care of the dog. His parents were forced to take it away.
I love crafts, but knitting is my absolute favorite. When I was eight years old, my grandmother taught me to knit. I caught on very quickly, and it became very easy. My grandmother even taught me how to fix mistakes. Now, I knit blankets for people.
Sam was hungry so she went to McDonalds. As she arrived she ordered fries. The hostess spilled the fries on Sam. Sam was angry and had to go home. She contemplated never returning.
Jen was excited to go the the beach, but she just had knee surgery. If she sat on the sand, she knew she could not get up. It would be embarrassing to get up on her own. Jen sat on the beach anyway. She dug a deep hole for her feet, used it like a step, and was fine.
Gina ordered a pizza for pickup. The pizza place was only 3 blocks from her house. But one of the streets was closed. Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it. As she drove she wished she had gotten it delivered instead.
A friend of mine has a pilot license. He asked me if I would like to ride in a small plane. I said yes. Riding in a small plane was kind of scary. I did not enjoy it.
Aislinn wanted to go outside and play. Unfortunately, it was raining. She decided to make the best of it. She put her coat and boots on and went out to play in the rain. She learned there are lots of ways to have fun, even in the rain.
Andrew made a pizza. His roommate was very hungry, so he stole a slice. His roommate discovered that the pizza had not been fully cooked. He began to gag. Andrew laughed at his roommate's misfortune.
Davie Bowne was reaching the end of his life. He sat in his hospital bed, staring out the window. His family gathered round as his breathing swallowed. David Blinked and looked to them, his last words were nigh. It took them 20 minutes to realize he was dead.
I had just got off work and decided to have a few drinks with friends. I had to work again early the next morning and wanted to go home. I decided to drive home and got pulled over. The cop arrested me for a DUI. I spent the night in jail and have not taken any more risks.
Yesterday I went to the beach. I put my feet in the water. The water was rather cold. I was scared but I stayed. Unfortunately the wave ended up catching me.
Tim's family got behind on their house payments. They were risking eviction. They tried several things to make money. Unfortunately it wasn't enough. They were forced to leave in a couple of months.
I have always wanted to go bungee jumping. My friend told me he bought tickets for us to bungee jump once. I was so excited, I could not sleep the night before. After going through the instructions, we finally got to jump. I enjoyed bungee jumping more than I ever imagined.
Marie woke up from a nap. Marie realized she was hungry. She went into the kitchen to see what she had. She made a delicious meal and ate it. Marie went back to sleep for the rest of the night.
I wanted a new phone. So I told my parents to buy me one. They said no. So I had to save up. And buy one on my own.
Bonnie needed more spending money. She searched the internet job listings. She found a job as a babysitter in her neighborhood. She emailed the prospective employer to arrange an interview. Bonnie did a great job at the interview and was hired.
Jason wasn't pleased with his home life. He looked very hard for a way to fix it. Finally Jason bought a car and was able to get moving! He found his grandparents place to live. Jason then moved out and started his own life!
Joy was turning sixteen in August. Her parents made plans to send her to England for a vacation. She instead wanted to visit China for her birthday. Her parents would have to comprise. Joy was able to visit both China for two days and England for one.
Kurt wanted to be a hockey star. His parents let him join a team when he was twelve. He played for a couple of years and got fairly good at it. In high school, he decided he wanted to be a musician. Now he takes band, instead.
I went to Mythology class in high school. We learned about all the different myths and Gods. I decided to study Mythology in College as well. My teacher recommended that i get a degree in that field. I ended up majoring in Mythology and getting a degree.
Pamela used to collect seashells down by the lake. She'd get up early to find them before the tourists arrived. At home, she'd decorate them with beads and ribbons. She then sold them at the flea market in town. Pamela always knew it payed to get up early.
Hannah was hungry. She went to the kitchen. She looked in the refrigerator. She took some cheese out of the refrigerator. Hannah ate the cheese.
Last night I was stumbling around in the dark. I was sleeping and wanted to get something to drink. I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot. I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast. Now I turn on the lights everywhere I go.
Julio had admired the girl next door for a long time. He was too scared to speak to her, worried he would embarrass himself. Finally he gathered his courage, and asked her out. Maria agreed to the date, and they had a lovely time at the beach. Julio was so glad he had taken a chance.
Joel poured his son-in-law a cup of whiskey. The boy said he didn't drink. Joel looked at him suspiciously. The boy reluctantly downed the whiskey in one shot. He started coughing and Joel laughed.
Chris liked to play golf when he was in high school. He wanted to buy a new set of clubs. Chris asked his parents for the money to buy the clubs. His parents suggested that he get a job to earn the money. Chris earned the money for clubs by working as a caddy.
Em had lost her pet rat! He had escaped from his cage while she was at school. She looked everywhere but could not find him. Then she heard a squeal from under her bed. Her pet had been hiding there the whole time!
Erin had work to do on her computer. She started getting a little bored though. Erin's husband suggested she take a shower. Erin thought that that was a good idea. Erin was able to complete her work after she felt refreshed.
Charles was working hard in his yard. He built a beautiful pergola over the hot tub. He couldn't wait for the vines to grow over it. It was going to be a beautiful oasis. Charles had big plans for the future of the yard.
Two friends, Katie and Jon decided to rent an apartment together. Katy friend had wanted another kitten all her life. She asked her roommate to get a kitten. Jon said no, because he was allergic. Katy was sad, but understanding.
Zoe was having a bad day. She decided to go shopping. She found a shirt she loved but it was a little expensive. She decided to buy it anyway. At the register, Zoe was thrilled to discover it was on clearance!
Garth sang a song about an old girlfriend. When she heard the song, she was deeply offended. She sued him, and won. Garth had to pay her all the money he'd made with the song. He decided to put down his guitar and become a lawyer.
Henry went to dinner at his friend's house one night. His friend's family ordered two large pizzas. Henry started eating, but he saw that everyone was saying grace. He felt awkward that he was the only one eating. He put his pizza back on his plate and bowed his head.
Lucy was working on a production line. She started to daydream. She didn't notice that the chocolates were starting to pile up. Lucy panicked and started eating them instead. The boss saw her behavior and fired her.
Paul is an electrician. He's been especially busy this last year. A new housing development is going up near him. Paul has been working long days for months now. Hopefully the development will be done soon.
Robert liked sports. But he hated stretching. His coach warned him about not stretching before playing. Robert ignored his coach. He strained a muscle while playing.
Alai and his cousin had camped in the woods. In the morning they packed up their gear. Then they hiked out of the woods and back home. There, Alai realized he'd forgotten his tent at the camp site! He had to go all the way back to get it.
Lucy was sleeping in her bed in the middle of the night. Suddenly she heard a loud crashing noise and jumped up. She looked outside wondering what the sound was. It had started storming and she heard loud thunder. Lucy was relieved and went back to sleep.
Tim was riding his bicycle. He tried to go over a small jump. When he landed he noticed he couldn't pedal anymore. The chain had snapped off. Tim had to push his bike back home.
Pippa owned 3 race horses. She would always bet on them to win. When they lost, she felt bad they'd lost and she also lost the bets. But when they won, she won double. Soon after, she started betting against them so that it was win-win.
A bank teller told me to rob the bank where she worked. I asked her why should I do that? She said to get a lot of money. So I robbed her bank. We split the money equally.
Cynthia was joyous with anticipation that morning. She was waiting for the mail to arrive as she ate her breakfast. As soon as the mailman came and left, she ran outside. She grabbed the letter she was waiting for. She smiled as she saw that she was accepted by her number one college.
Riley has a big test coming up. She studies day and night. The day of the test comes. She finishes the test. She gets an A on her test.
Sam was so excited to trick or treating. After school he came home and put on his costume. His mom drove him to the town center for trick or treating. The main road in town was lined with vendors giving out treats. Sam filled up his whole trick or treat bag.
Marvin was working in the kitchen at a restaurant. He was making a cheeseburger for a customer. Marvin double checked the ticket before sending it out. The ticket indicated it was supposed to be a regular burger. Marvin put the cheeseburger aside and began making the correct order.
Maggie joined a film studies class her junior year of high school. One day, they watched a movie that Maggie had never heard of before. Maggie was unimpressed with it, as she thought the movie was cheesy. Her teacher then taught a lesson on spoofs. Maggie finally realized that the movie was supposed to be ironic.
Ivan didn't like complaining. So if he had a problem, he would stay quiet. One day, his felt sick. But he didn't bother asking anyone for help. He regret not speaking up when he became more and more ill.
Jim wanted to have a LAN party to play his favorite game starcraft. He invited his friends over to play. His friends set up their computers on his network. They gamed for hours on end. His friends finally left his house a few days later.
My friend Julie is starting work in September. She will be teaching Spanish. To help her out, I bought Volver, a Spanish movie. I watched it and gave it to her to keep. She thanked me.
Lisa was a nurse at a hospital. She had a sick patient in Hospice that she liked very much. Lisa talked with her and bonded, even though they were dying. One day, Lisa went in with cookies, and saw that her patient was dead. She got so depressed, she took off work for weeks.
Ariana turned 30 this year. She decided to throw a birthday party for her closest friends. She flew in her childhood pals from out of state. They all had a blast. They barely made it back to work the next day.
Our dinner reservations were for seven. It was already six fifty five. We were not going to make it on time. We cancelled our reservations. Instead we just ate fast food.
George was alone on his porch one night. He heard a shuffle in his empty house. He was immediately feeling paranoid as he investigated the dark. He expected something ghostly and terrifying any moment. To his relief, it was just a wild raccoon that had got in.
Jane has always wanted a puppy and asked her parents many times. Jane came home from school one day and her mom was happy. Her mom told her that she had a surprise for her. Her mom walked into her bedroom and came back out with a box. Inside the box was a small, black puppy.
A girl had a form of autism. She wanted to feel love. Her parents found her a buddy to hang out with her. The girl loved her buddy. They became lifelong friends.
We went to a seafood restaurant for my wife's birthday. I kept an oyster shell as a souvenir. I put it in my coat pocket and forgot about it. Later i was afraid it would smell up my coat. Luckily it did not.
Hailey decided to make breakfast for her mom in bed. She asked her mom what she wanted and her mom said eggs. Hailey tried her best to cook scrambled eggs the way her mom liked. She delivered it to her mom in bed with a smile on her face. Her mom didn't like the eggs but ate them anyway to make Hailey happy.
Henry came home from school. Since there was a major exam tomorrow, he started to study. The music that he was listening to bothered him. However, he couldn't resist listening to music while studying. At the end of the day, Henry felt unprepared for the exam.
During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair. I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair. I just ignored it and just paid attention to the meeting. Then, out of nowhere my chair broke and I fell down. Everyone saw this and laughed.
Tom was losing his hair. He cared about his appearance. He visited a doctor. He had hair implants put in. Tom felt better about his appearance.
Bobby was being picked by a bully at school. The bully wanted to fight Bobby after school yesterday. Bobby showed up to the fight with his big brother. Bobby's brother fought the bully for Bobby. The bully never picked on Bobby again.
Helen bought a nice plant in the store. She put it into the window at home. Next morning she wanted to water it. She found it broken on the floor. It was her cat.
Cindy loved to eat double cheeseburgers every day of her life. She would wake up and eat cheeseburgers and went to sleep eating them. She was a heavy person but it did not stop her from eating burgers. One day she had a massive heart attack and was sent to the hospital. She did not survive and died the next day due to her nasty lifestyle.
Zoe plays on a tennis team. During her singles match she was down in score. When she was back up, she noticed her sweet spot. Zoe stayed focused and hit hard. She won her first match.
Patty had a daughter. She had beautiful, rosy cheeks. She named her Stacey. Patty was now Stacey's mom. She had finally achieved her teenage goals from a popular song.
Brad had to get new shoes. The ones he wore now had holes throughout the bottom sole. He ordered a pair of sneakers that he liked. When they arrived, they were too small on his feet. He was able to return them and get a new pair in a large size.
Fred and James went to an abandoned asylum. They saw other people in there too. Fred felt risky and wanted to join them. They ended up getting caught by cops They were all issued a warning.
Cody had low water pressure in his sink. He went outside to check his pipes. There was a leak in one of the pipes. Cody went to the store and bought new pipes. He went back home and repaired the leaky pipe.
Evan was nine but sometimes still wet the bed. He was invited to a sleepover but afraid to attend. He did not want anyone to discover his secret! Then his mom bought him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear. Evan felt much more secure with the backup underwear on!
Bill was concerned about break-ins in his community. He arranged for the local deputies to come to a meeting and talk. The public listened to advice on how to secure their houses. Bill put up surveillance cameras at his residence as did other people. The break-ins stopped and the community became safer because of it.
At school, Jen's friend asked her to skip fourth period with her. Jen did not want to because she did not want to get in trouble. Her friend kept insisting that they would not get caught. Jen finally agreed to go with her. When fourth period came, they snuck out of school to go to the park.
I found the most amazing thing on Netflix the other day! I found it somewhere between lists after four in the morning. It didn't look that impressive with its cheap graphics and font. I clicked on it anyway and was greeted by Heaven. I then proceeded to watch cute baby animals for the next six hours.
Roger had a very large key ring full of various keys. After many years, Roger didn't even know what some of the keys were. After his passing, Roger's family tried to figure out all the keys. They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe. Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold.
The cat was being loud. The owner couldn't sleep. The owner got grumpy. The owner yelled at the cat. The cat stopped meowing.
Tom was watching a movie in the theater. The movie stopped working midway through. They tried to fix it but couldn't. The manager apologized profusely. Tom and everyone else were given free tickets.
James liked to buy scratch tickets on payday for fun. One day he won a hundred dollars. He decided to go to the casino to play for higher stakes. In the excitement, he started beating his full paycheck. He ended up broke and miserable.
My friend owns a business. A customer came into his business. The customer ordered a drink. My friend gave the customer a drink. The customer paid my friend for the drink.
A little over 2 hours before class, I wanted to watch a 2 hour movie. It buffered, and I watched the movie. In the last 20 minutes, my internet connection stopped working. I really wanted to see the ending, so I waited to rebuffer the movie. When the movie ended, I decided not to go to class because it was late.
As soon as Sue got home, she smelled something awful. She looked everywhere and could not find the smell. Then she noticed her brother's gym bag. She looked inside and saw his basketball clothes. The stench was her brother's clothes!
Timmy hates having to do his chores. Today his mom wants him to clean his entire room. Timmy can't stand the pressure even though it's an easy task. Instead of cleaning his room he commits suicide. His mom keeps his room messy Year's after his death.
Jane was playing with her friends. They decided to jump rope. Jane was the first to go. She tripped and fell. Jane got back up and tried again.
When Angela turned 18, she ran away from home. Her father was very strict with her. She wasn't allowed to have her boyfriend at his house. One day he came home and spanked her for him being there. She ran out the back door and never went back home.
The man turned up the air conditioning. He fell asleep. He woke up when his wife came home. It was way too cold in the house. The woman got angry at the man for wasting energy.
John wanted a video camera for his birthday. And when he got one, he couldn't stop making videos. He began to post his videos online. And he became very popular. Several years later, he was directing his own movies.
Slump Brick Smash was a mason. One day he fired some new bricks. They came out with a sheen on them like he'd never seen before. Slump took these new bricks to the local dealer. The dealer swindled Brick Smash.
Danny had some food at a fast-food restaurant. A strange man came into the building. He approached the fountain drink dispensers. He held an empty gallon container near the machine. The dispenser filled up the container.
The girl was desperate to fit in. She hanged out with a bad crowd. They all went out to the mall one day. They persuaded her to help them steal. But, when they all got caught they blamed it on her.
Asher loved to go fishing. He went to the store to buy himself and new reel and rod. Asher used his new things during his visit to the pond that afternoon. He caught five fish while at the pond! Asher was very excited about the number of fish he caught.
Noah wanted to improve his flirting techniques. He bought books to learn how to please girls. He bought cologne so women would be crazy for him. But when it was time to talk to an actual girl, he was paralyzed. And he ended up spending his Saturday nights alone.
On memorial day weekend all of my friends got together. We were going to have a barbecue with all kinds of food. We took all the food and went down to the pool to enjoy the sunny day. We even brought my friends dog down to the pool. After we cooked, we fed her dog barbecue chicken.
Monica had a fear of dogs. It was so bad that it affected the relationship with her boyfriend. She could not go to her boyfriend's house since he had a chihuahua. One day her boyfriend brought his dog to Monica's house. Monica screamed and broke up with him.
Anna was hunting in the woods with her dad. Suddenly she felt a searing pain in her leg. She looked down in horror - she'd stepped in a trap! Her dad got her out and hurried to the hospital. Luckily, there was no permanent damage to Anna's leg.
Tom loved hiking. He wanted to climb a mountain to see the tree line. Tom set out on a mountain climbing adventure. Tom reached the tree line. Tom had a great time viewing the tree line.
Ken picked up Kelly for their very first date. He had showered and shaved and borrowed his dad's car. He took Kelly for Italian food and then to a movie. At the end of the night, she gave him a kiss. Then she told him it had been her best date ever!
Larry hated his roommates. He felt that they never helped around the house. He tried to prove it by not washing the dishes. After a week the sink overflowed with them. Larry proved his points to his roommates, but they didn't care.
Jeff was interested in becoming a filmmaker. He decided he would write and direct a short film. He worked with a writer friend of his on a short script. Jeff then spent several months casting, shooting and editing his film. Once it was done, Jeff got it accepted to several film festivals.
Cindy and Tom were expecting a new baby. They didn't have enough room in their small house. They couldn't afford to buy a new house either. They decided to put on a small addition to their home. The smart decision gave them enough room for the right price.
Johnny was a talented football player. He was always picked for the first team. After he played, he would always celebrate with the team. After one game, he got too excited and tried to do a backflip. He landed on his neck, and got paralysed from the neck down.
Tim was cheating on his wife. One day he forgot to delete a text message. His wife saw it and freaked out. Tim had to come clean. They wound up divorcing soon after.
Jennifer needed to travel for work. She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo. Jennifer also made hotel reservations. During her trip, she needed to do a business conference. After the conference, she enjoyed some tourist spots.
Brandon was at the party. He sat on a couch all day since he was bored. However, Brad came into the party with his game console. He called on Brad to play a game with him. They had a good time.
My email provider updated their systems. The new system automatically sorts my mail into categories. I like the new functions, but miss having unread mail at the top. There is no way to keep the new functions and the old unread feature. I used a search manipulation with a bookmark to hack the old feature.
Tanya and her brother hadn't spoken in years. He'd married a woman that Tanya couldn't stand. Just like Tanya predicted, the woman hurt him. He moved back to town, staying with their mom for a while. On Thanksgiving, Tanya and her brother sat and talked for hours.
Ryan and Terrin were in kindergarten together, and stayed friends. Freshman year, Terrin moved states, but they called each other a lot. At one point, Terrin handed the phone to Shaina so they could talk. Terrin moved back, but changed a lot. Ryan and Shaina talk often, a decade later, but never met in person.
Last weekend I grabbed my surfboard and went down to the beach. It was really cold out so I had to wear my wetsuit. When I got into the water I realized that it was warmer than the air. I waited a long time for the perfect wave. The perfect wave came towards me and I rode it happily to shore.
Victor started playing football when he was 8 years old. He practiced everyday hoping to become professional one day. Victor was a senior in High School being scouted by over 20 colleges. He accepted a full ride scholarship to play with the Univ of Ohio. He wishes to try out for the NFL and continue chasing his dream.
Fay enrolled for a class in creative writing. One day she missed class due to a long party the night before. Her professor asked her to submit a written excuse for her absence. Fay lied about the night of partying, and claimed she was abducted. Her professor liked her creativity, and gave her a good grade anyway.
Jeff loved helping people. He was a great mentor to his friend. He told the friend about how to run a business. The friend ended up being very successful. He owed it all to Jeff.
Warren wanted to be a fighter pilot. Warren discovered that he was color blind. Because of this, Warren could not become a fighter pilot. Warren decided to join the Coast Guard instead. Warren was happy with his decision.
Bonnie spent hours setting up for her tea party. She put her stuffed animals at the table. She put a tray of cookies down then went to make the tea. When she got back all the cookies were gone. She saw her brother through the window stuffing cookies in his mouth.
Phil was skateboarding with his friends. He was trying to jump over a bench. When he landed on his skateboard, it broke. Phil went to the store and bought a new skateboard. He skated with his friends the rest of the day.
Conner went to bake a cake and turned the oven on. He waited 15 minutes for it to preheat. But instead of preheating he noticed smoke coming from the knobs. He investigated the stove and found it wasn't even warm. Instead the stove had a small electric fire and is broken.
Hannah wants to set the world record for crunches. She decided to start practicing. On the big day, Hannah did as many crunches as she could. Sadly, she could not set a new world record. Hannah has given up on her dream.
Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop. Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about. They entered the building and began to look around. There were lots of shops selling jewelry. Kay purchased a dress, and Beth purchased 2 necklaces.
Leilani was a two year old with lots of energy. She loved going to the library for story time. She would dance, sing and listen to the lady read to her. When it was over, she would check out books to take home. Then her and her mommy would read the books together.
I was driving through San Leandro on Monday due to work. All of a sudden my car starts to shudder. The check engine light also started flashing. I took it to a local shop, and I had to pay $500 to get it repaired. I hope that never happens again.
Amy and Beth were fighting and no longer speaking. Amy was upset with Beth for being dishonest and sneaky. The girls didn't speak for 3 months. One day Sue asked Amy to come to a party she invited Beth to as well. At the party Amy and Beth made up and were friends again.
The kids were huddled together. They had a big bonfire burning in the fire pit. The roasted marshmallows and had s'mores. The fire burned all night. They finally sprayed the hose to extinguish the flames.
Tucker has always been lazy when it comes to chores. He now lives alone after a great 18 years living with his parents. In his college dorm, he would cook food but rarely ever do the dishes. After being gone for the weekend, his roommate returns to a smell. Tucker was scolded by his roommate for the dirty dishes in the sink.
Jim and Martha knew buying a house was hard. But they did not think it was that hard! Little did they know there were a lot of steps to be taken. Once everything was finalized they could buy a house. They were very happen when they signed the last paper.
The little boy was being punished for spitting spitballs in class. He was waiting after school at detention. His teacher made him write "I am sorry" one hundred times. When he left he was so upset he didn't look while crossing the road. The bus slammed on the brakes but couldn't stop in time.
William watched the fall leaves drift slowly to the ground. The breeze gave him a chill and he shivered. He was glad winter was coming. It was his favorite season. William spent the rest of the day dreaming of building snowmen.
The weather outside was cold and miserable. The mom made a huge pot of soup for her family. They all gobbled it up when they came inside. Then they asked for seconds. The soup had warmed them up!
Craig misbehaved a lot in class. One day, he threw a spitball at the teacher. The teacher was not happy at Craig and sent him to the office. The principal called Craig's parents. Craig got detention at school and was punished by his parents.
The vase that Frank dared anybody to touch sat on the table. The perfect color of the lilacs vibrant purple so pretty stood there. Lilacs are Frank's favorite flower. Frank entered the room looking  happier than ever. A brand new bunch of lilacs higher and fuller than the others.
Many children showed up for the egg hunt. The leader gave them instructions. The kids took off running. They ran all over the park to find the eggs The children had a lot of fun looking for eggs.
The kids at school were discussing allowances. Jeff was ashamed because he got less than anyone else. So, Jeff lied about how much allowance he got. The other kids seemed jealous, which pleased Jeff. Then, the kids asked Jeff to buy them some candy since he was rich.
Emily was walking when a bird nest fell from a tree. She reached out and was able to catch on of the eggs. Emily took the egg home put it under a heat lamp. Emily watched over the egg for a few weeks. One day the egg hatched and Emily had a baby bird to care for.
Bella needed a second job. Her current income wasn't enough to support her and her family. She saw that her local bar needed help on the weekends. Bella got a job there and started making hundreds in tips. Her new part time job was everything her and her family needed!
Ciara loved to have adventures. She didn't want anything or anyone to tie her down. But one day she met someone and they got married. Sure enough, in a few months she had a baby bump. Ciara was not worried because her baby was her next adventure.
Andy was invited to a Halloween party. Andy figured that for dramatic effect, he should color his hair. Since Andy's costume was green, Andy decided on that color. After the stylist finished the coloring, Andy regretted it. Andy was disappointed with his new, bold, green hair color.
Wes attended middle school in Dallas. One of his favorite teachers was mister Haynes, the science teacher. Years later, Wes was curious as to what mister Haynes was doing. Wes learned from the internet that he was now a superintendent. Wes was happy that mister Haynes had had a successful career.
Sue wanted to make a sandwich. She walked over to her refrigerator. She started assembling the sandwich. She noticed she was out of cheese! Sue used organic cauliflower as a replacement.
Clara worked hard all day. She left work near dusk. She was very happy to be done for the day. Stopping by a liquor store, she bought a bottle. The rest of her night was spent alone in the dark.
When we were young my brother and I made spears out of newspapers. We took newspapers and rolled them up tightly. We secured them with tape. Then we tossed them at each. I tried to show this to my kids but they were not interested.
Ray walked home from school everyday. And he noticed that the same man had his garage open every Monday. One Monday, Ray watched the man work on his car. And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally. He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage.
I wanted to curl my hair for the homecoming dance. I burned my hands on the curling iron. My mom scolded me for not being more careful. I ended up not being able to go because of my burns. My mom let me watch television instead.
Mark was an honest soccer player who played by the rules. His brother Gob however was a rotten kid who just wanted to win. When Mark bested him in a one on one game Gob swore revenge. During the rematch he tried tripping Mark but fell instead. He still lost the game and was a sore loser who didn't shake hands.
Lenore was sick of her data entry job. She quit and looked for work elsewhere. She was having troubling getting hired. She started doing online text work in the meantime. Lenore realized that she was back to doing data entry.
Allie went shopping with a friend. Her eye caught a nice handbag. But unfortunately it was too expensive. Allie could not afford it. She had to leave empty handed.
I was a defender in middle school soccer. I had seen the defender pass to the goalkeeper on TV. I did the same thing in a game. I was told not to do that. The field was too small.
May woke up one morning and looked out the window. There was a snow storm blizzarding outside! She was so excited. She knew that school would be canceled that day. May was so thrilled with her snow day!
Brock and his wife danced in their living room every Saturday night. They loved to dance with one another and had lots of fun. Sadly his wife was in an auto very bad accident last year. She was killed instantly. Now Brock feels her presence whenever he dances in the living room.
The pole vault team got into a fight with the javelin throwers. With their long poles they smacked the throwers from afar. The javelin throwers got mad and threw their javs at the vaulters. They mostly missed but they managed to kill 3 of the vaulters. The pole vaulters knew their place after that happened.
Tim was sleeping. His fire alarm woke him up. There was an electrical fire that grew out of control. Tim freaked out and ran out. He was safe but lost most of his possessions.
Lucinda loved to go swimming. She often swam in the lake by her house during the summer. One afternoon in the lake, she felt something squishy under her foot. She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake. Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year.
My mom was a very active lively woman. One day she started feeling ill and ignored the symptoms. After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor. At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week. She learned that now she needs to see the doctor much sooner.
Several firemen visited a local elementary school. They were there to teach the kids about fire safety. One of the firemen set off a fire alarm. He asked the children what the noise it made meant. One little boy said it let him know when mom was done cooking dinner.
Rick was an older man with a large family. He knew that he had done well in his life. When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die. Rick accepted his fate and started to say good bye. He passed away while he was sleeping and had a smile on his face.
Sonia usually worked alone. One day, she got a partner. They hit it off right away. Soon, Sonia was thrilled with the new arrangement. She was much more productive now!
Thirteen year old Patrick hated staying with his aunt. She would always find yard work for him to do, even on weekends. When his mother dropped him off, Patrick frowned. His aunt met him at the door and told him she had a surprise. There was a new gaming system with games set up for him to play.
I was walking down my block one day. My friend drove by in a car. He said I walked funny. He recorded video of me walking. When I saw it, I was happy that I was such a unique person.
Ricky got accepted into college. He had very little money. He applied for a loan. Luckily, his loan application was approved! Ricky was happy to be able to pay for college.
Jim sat in his tree stand. He was looking for a deer. He saw one cross the field. He fired a shot and it fell. Jim loved deer hunting every year.
Greg would play video games often. Whenever he did, he would spend all day playing. This was because he found it very addictive. To improve productivity, Greg banned himself from video games. This ban only lasted 1 week before he was back to gaming.
Freddy had to wake up early today. He got the cereal out. he poured it in his bowl. He then realized there was no milk. This was gonna be a bad day.
Russ is the boss at his company and has ten employees under him. One of his staff members is always lazy and talks too much. He even slows down productivity among the others. Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse. Russ fired him on the spot and it made everyone else work harder.
Vietnam Veteran Tom was homeless and unable to find work. He came back from Vietnam with a medal of Honor and stump leg. He now begs for food at the corner near Walmart desperate for work. One day a Rich man passed by and saw this veteran in dire need. He gave him a great job at his company and he now owns a home.
The train pulled into the station. Peter and his brother hopped on board. They were heading back home. They packed their bags and took their seats. The train started to move, they were on the way back.
Richard was at the beach. He was soaking in the sun from the sandy beach. He realized he forgot his sunscreen. His skin started to burn after a few hours. He went home to put lotion on his sun burns.
Andy was an excellent student. He had the best grades in his class. He had many scholarships. His parents was very proud. He brought great happiness to his whole family.
Maria was proud of her heritage. She decided to tell a story about Mexican history to the class. She asked her parents about a good story. They told her to talk about how the country got its name. Everyone loved the story.
It was the first time she was given detention. She walked into the room that was called D Hall. She sat down at a desk. She started her homework early. She kind of felt good about doing her homework for a change.
I frequently go jogging near my house. The past few times I have been jogging, wasps have been following me. During one of those times, a wasp landed on my face. Startled, I slapped at it and it stung me. I still go jogging along that route, but haven't been stung again.
At an eye appointment, my doctor discovered something strange. He told me my eyes looked very healthy, but they were unusual. When he used the light to stare into them, there were red streaks. The streaks are natural pigmentation in my eyes, but it's very rare. Afterward I started developing green streaks as well.
Bob was restless that night. He was in bed for hours. He couldn't sleep even though he had work the next day! There was an owl outside hooting throughout the night. Bob put on a pair of headphones and was able to block out the sound.
Devon is a realtor in the Hollywood Hills and Beverly Hills areas. He usually sells houses to actors and artists. One evening Stevie Wonder and his guide walked into Devon's office. Stevie Wonder asked Devon to find him a mansion in Hollywood. Devon was amazed that Steve was blind and bought a house so big
Jane left her apartment in a rush. When she got to the car she realized she forgot her keys. When she got back she noticed she locked the door. Jane had to crawl in through a window. She was able to retrieve her keys.
While Harry was there, his editor had a visit from a man in dark suit. Harry watched as the man in dark handed his editor a document. Harry knew it had to do with his article about governor's office. After the man left, Harry's editor, Ryan, called him into his office. Ryan was forced to fire Harry.
Matt went on a long drive. His destination was more than two hours away. He got really bored in the car. He fell asleep and drifted off the road. His car crashed and exploded.
Yesterday was Easter. On Easter Carter went to his friends house. Carter's friend threw a party. The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies. Carter loved the party.
Tim joined a group of friends after school. The didn't tell Brad. Brad found out and was sad. It turns out they were planning a surprise party for Brad. The party was great and brad was happy.
My grandmother had a brother-in-law. They called him Big Foot. He used to walk around his yard with weights. He seemed to be healthy. But he died at a young age.
When I picked up my phone I saw something. My phone was cracked. I got upset. But then I realized something. Only my screen protector got cracked.
At the community meeting Stan demanded to be heard. He strode to the podium with a large stack of papers. He was dripping with rage as he took the microphone. Stan read through his personal poetry to the crowd. Everyone tolerated him because meetings were usually boring.
Megan was a small child on a trip with her family. She waded into the ocean water and ran to meet her mother. She tugged at her mother's bathing suit. A man with long blonde hair turned around instead, angry. Megan screamed and ran back to shore, traumatized.
One day Zoey went to the aquarium. First she saw the sea lions. Then she saw the dolphins. Finally she saw the penguins. She had a fun day.
My grandpa bought me a bike with training wheels. I rode it for a while and asked grandpa to take them off. I pleaded and he finally agreed but didn't think I could ride it. He took of the training wheels. I rode down the bank and kept going and didn't fall.
Allie got a gift. She got a gift from her sister. The gift was an aloe plant. She was happy to receive it. She send it everyday.
Jim was on a camping trip. He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack. Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods! Jim ran into the tent to hide. The bear happily snacked on Jim's marshmallows.
My friend told me that a girl liked me. We were at the swimming pool. I asked her if she actually liked me. She said she did. I jumped into the pool with her.
Tom was helping a friend clean their basement. He found a mysterious box. The friend didn't know what it was. They were excited to open it. It turned out to just be a bunch of pictures.
I went to a doctor's appointment last week. I had to leave in a hurry when I was done. I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater. I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it. Luckily when I got there it had been set aside and I retrieved it.
Carlos needed new oil for his car. So he went to a car store and bought some. He put the oil in his car. His car ran better now that it had new oil. Carlos was glad.
There is this one bakery where i always buy pastries when i was a kid. Their bread was so delicious and very affordable. As i grow up i didn't have time to go to that bakery anymore. But when i feel sad and pressured i decided to go back to that bakery. As i ate their bread i remember my childhood where i have no problem.
Ashley just got married! She realized that she now has to write all of the thank you notes. Ashley had over two hundred people at her wedding. She found out that Walgreens makes thank you cards in bulk. She decided to go that route and have Walgreens do it!
Sam sat criss-cross applesauce on the couch. She was almost finished with her homework. She started to uncross her legs. That's when she felt a sharp pain from her ankle. Her ankle had popped out of its socket.
The woman threw a rock. The rock went five feet. A man threw a rock. It went about ten feet. The man bragged about his throwing distance.
Tom wanted to build a tool shack for his backyard. Tom went to his local hardware store for supplies. Tom took two trips to get the supplies back home. Tom spend two weekends building his shack. Tom looked proudly at his finished work.
It was the end of the summer. Mel's favorite store had a clearance sale. She bought a swimsuit and a couple shirts for next summer. Mel put the clothes away in a box. Mel had the clothes ready when summer rolled around.
Eric loved to eat sweets. He would eat many every day. One day, he noticed he was getting fat. After that, he rushed to the doctors. The doctor stated that eating a lot of sweets makes one fat.
Jeff bought a motorcycle for his 21st birthday. Jeff did not know how to ride it, so he signed up for classes. When Jeff got to class, he met an old man. They became good friends. Jeff and the old man rode motorcycles together often.
Marco notices that the weather is getting colder. He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear. He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop. Although the price is more than he wants to pay, he buys it. Marco is so glad to have a cap for the warmer weather.
Tom was in his wood shop. He was cutting up some wood. A sharp piece shout out at his eye. Tom was luckily wearing protective goggles. They saved Tom from getting injured.
Don was a pilot. He loved flying his plane. However he could not afford the payments on it. He decided to give people flying lessons for money. It was the best way to enjoy the open air.
We went to the carnival every year when I was younger. Sometimes I won a goldfish in a jar. I was always really excited to have a new pet. There were never any instructions included though. My fish always died within a few days.
I had a stroke in 2011. I cannot use my left hand. I like using telescopes and binoculars. I could not use either after my stroke. I found a one handed monocular and use it often.
Jesse wanted to upgrade his smartphone. He researched many different phones online. He drove to the mall. He visited several stores in person. He found a phone he liked and purchased it.
For Christmas, we decided it would be a good idea to get a new puppy. We went to the pet store to look around and choose the one we wanted. A little black and white puppy looked lonely in the corner. She was scared and shaking, it was clear she didn't want to be there. We chose that puppy and brought her home to be part of our family.
Alissa was babysitting some children on a Saturday. They were feeling very bored. Alissa decided to take them to the zoo for entertainment. They went and the children had a great time. Alissa was glad she was able to give them a fun day.
Bill booted the ball towards the goal. The ball rocketed past the keep scoring his team a 1-0 lead. The team jubilantly celebrated with back flips and high fives. While their guard was down the opposition retaliated and scored too. Bill's team fought hard but the match ended in a draw.
Anna was fourteen and only five feet tall. She feared she had reached her adult height. But at her next doctor's appointment, she got good news. She had grown almost a full inch taller! The doctor said Anna could grow until she was 18 - or even older!
Cooper loved to play in the garden. However, bees loved to collect nectar from flowers. One day a bee stung Cooper's finger. Cooper put ointment on the sting. Cooper's finger healed.
I've been trying to grow my hair out for two years now. Twice I've had people cut it short when I didn't ask them to. The first man cut it off to my ears, when it was down to my shoulders. The second man put horrible layers all over it, even though I said no! My husband cuts my hair now, I don't trust anyone else to do it.
Erica and Jim both liked each other. One day they went to play in the park together. Jim couldn't take it anymore and he kissed her. Erica looked at Jim and smiled. They walked away being together.
Cal's alarm clock rang out at 5am. He smacked it as he did every morning. This morning he smacked it too hard and it broke. Cal stopped by the store on his way home and bought a new one. He turned the new alarm clock off more gingerly the next day.
Dane was working in a fast food restaurant. He was dropping fries into the deep fat fryer. When he dropped the fries the grease flew in the air. Drops of grease flew onto Dane's arm. Dane burned his arm with the grease.
My friend Lizzy wanted some gum. She gave me a dollar to go get her some. I went to a corner store to purchase it. I purchased some gum but the total was 25 cents extra. I gave Lizzy her gum, but I didn't tell her I paid extra.
Seth wanted to make mints that weren't so aggressive. He started a company and called it Seth's Mints. Seth's Mints were more mild than those of the competition. Seth carved out a niche in the market. Seth lived comfortably on his mint money.
I was showing my friends that I could do back flips. I did three in a row. When I went to do another one, I hurt my ankle. I needed a cast for my foot. I decided to never do back flips again.
I was playing music in my apartment. The neighbors came and said there was too much noise. Slighted, I turned the music up louder. They called the police. After a hefty fine, I never played loud music again.
Ryan went to the restaurant. He was meeting his date. He had met his date online. His date showed up to the restaurant. Ryan and his date had a good time are going to meet again.
Jan's dad brought her to the city to get her braces tightened. While Jan saw the orthodontist, her dad ran business errands. After the appointment, Jan waited on the corner for her dad. When a stranger approached, Jan felt a flash of fear. Gesturing a peace sign, the stranger smiled and kept walking.
Nell rented a kayak for the day. She went out on the lake to row. She leaned to her left to turn, but flipped it over! Nell had to hurry to release her belt and right the kayak. Thankfully, she was not hurt.
I asked my girlfriend to marry me last night. I took her out to a nice restaurant. Later we went out for a walk in the park. I proposed to her on the park bench where we met. She said yes, and now we are getting married!
The school was buzzing with excitement. They were having a college football team come speak to them! They shook hands with the players and got autographs. The kids were so happy to meet these amazing athletes. It was the highlight of their year!
Janet planned on taking a long hike with some friends. She got on her phone to invite some people. Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her. They all hiked up a 3000 foot tall mountain. The next day they all returned home to look at pictures they took.
Henry kicked Jeff in the face and punched him in the stomach. Since Henry was a little kid, Jeff wasn't concerned at all. His family told him to avoid Henry or hit him back. However, he refused to do that. Instead, he prepared lunch for Henry and took him to school.
Garry wanted to start making his own wine. However, he needed to find the right grapes. Garry scheduled interviews with several farmers. Garry made a decision on a grape farmer for his wine. Garry was excited to get the wine making process started.
Taking care of twins in the morning was a huge chore for Norma. True, her husband was charged with getting the older 3 kids to school. But two of them rode the bus, he only had to drive one to school. She tried to get him to take a twin baby with him almost everyday. But he never would take even one with him to drop off the other kid.
Stuart had always liked fancy clothes. He dreamed of owning a bowtie for special occasions. One day he bought a beautiful yellow bowtie. He wore it for a special picnic with friends. Stuart was happy to have fancy clothes for the occasion.
Jennifer hated her family. Her stepfather was very cruel to her. One day, he beat her and her little sister terribly. Jill was determined to escape and made a plan. On the day of her escape, her stepfather died in a car accident.
Tom was at the bar. He had a drinking problem. He kept having more beers. After a while he passed out. He lost over a hundred dollars.
Susan came home after work. She noticed a window was smashed open. Susan went inside to find a lot of her things missing. Upset, she looked down and found the thief's dropped wallet. The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back.
Ben was proud to be an American. He fantasized about fighting for his country as a child. His last year of school he was approached by a military recruiter. Ben met all the qualifications and was enlisted into the army. He served his first tour in Saudi Arabia and loved it.
Gina was on an airplane ride to Europe. She decided to take a brief nap. When a thunderstorm began, it woke her up. The driver warned everyone to stay calm. Gina became more scared after the airplane slanted.
Sarah was excited to visit her childhood home. However, when she got there, something was wrong. Her parents had taken all of her old stuff out of her old room. They thought it would be more useful as a TV room. Sarah felt devastated and unloved because of this.
The woman was in poor health. She had a heart attack on her 70th birthday. She decided to get healthy. She started working out and eating well. Her doctor was very pleased with her progress.
Anna hated spiders, but her mom hated flies more. She told Anna that the spiders made webs and caught the flies. They ate all kinds of other insects, actually! Anna realized that spiders were actually helpful. She stopped killing them and instead tried to appreciate them!
The man printed the document. The document was smeared. He checked the printer. Something was wrong with the cartridge. The man replaced the printer cartridge.
David had an old truck. It began to give him trouble. David got an estimate of the repair cost. It was more than David thought the truck was worth. David decided to buy a new truck.
Ben heard a whole bunch of family members talking about him. He became extremely mad and approached them. In addition, he threw a few chairs on the ground. When he asked what's going on, they didn't respond or anything. Before the end of the day, he ended up approaching a therapist.
Gina was standing outside of her car looking inside. There, in the ignition were her keys. But the door was locked. She began to panic. Then she remembered she kept a spare in her purse.
James was in charge of lunch room duty. He was to make sure the kindergartners were eating healthy snacks. James watched as two boys sneak three candy bars into their pockets. James stopped the boys taking the candy bars away. He replaced their unhealthy snack with apples and grapes.
Allie purchased a book. She was excited to read it. But she found out the print was too small. So she had to get a different copy instead. Thankfully the next one had larger print.
Yesterday I saw the new episode of the real housewives. While I was watching it, the mailman came to the door To my surprise I saw a letter from my friend. I decided to turn the tv off and read the letter. When I finished the letter I was touched.
Mark was a bad cook. He had to go to a potluck and didn't know what to take. He found a soup recipe that looked easy. He burned the broth and the vegetables. The soup was awful!
Taro's favorite dessert was shaved ice. One day, Taro took his friends to his favorite shaved ice shop. They decided to buy the biggest size of shaved ice available. It turned out to be way too large and nobody could finish it. After this, Taro didn't want to eat shaved ice for a while.
The boy didn't want to lie to his parents. Still, he had to do something. He told them the snake had just died for no reason. He didn't tell them about the large mouse that choked it. He hid the body so they would never know.
Kim decided to give Ron a try for a date. He arrived an hour late, and was dressed poorly. Kim reluctantly went anyway, as she was already dressed and ready. To her chagrin, he took her to McDonalds and offered the dollar menu. She was so upset, she immediately made him take her home.
We went out to get ice cream. I picked the dirt and worms. It was vanilla with oreos and gummy worms on top. I ate it with a spoon. Our daughter thought it was funny and laughed the whole time.
Pablo went to Louisiana for Halloween. He stayed at a haunted hotel. Every floor was designed to frighten its guests. Pablo stayed on the creepiest floor. Once in his room Pablo had a heart attack from fright.
Jay was at a concert with his friends. They were all the way in the back and couldn't see the band well. They decided to push their way to the front. When they got there it was way to loud for Jay and his ears hurt! Fortunately Jay brought some ear plugs with him.
Connie was fed up with paying a lot of money for cable tv. Her daughter told her about streaming services that were good deals. Connie liked how she didn't have to pay for channels she never used. She gets her news updates on her smartphone too. After a month she was convinced she made the right choice.
Tonight I played three games of speed chess online with my friend Tim. I was winning the first game but lost my Queen. I won the second game on time. I won the third game on material. I was very happy tonight.
Milton looked forward to getting home after a busy day at work. He enjoyed a good batch of cookies that he ate with milk. When he got home he proceeded to unwind and get ready for his snack. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a huge cup of cold milk. When he opened the cookie car he realized they were all gone.
I found Max and his sister Cassie in the middle of the road. They were newborn and abandoned kittens. I brought them in and bottle fed formula to them. They grew up seeing me as their mother. I kept them for 10 years before they were stolen one night.
The guy needed cash. He took his most valuable possessions to the pawn shop. They gave him a hundred dollars for everything. The guy was disappointed in himself. He swore he would be better with his money in the future.
Tony loved all animals, and always wanted to bring home wild ones. One day he found an injured squirrel and brought it home to nurse. His mother was repulsed, and thought it was little better than a rat. The squirrel recovered, and Tony looked forward to training him. But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal.
My roommate hates having to go outside to smoke. The weather was freezing today and he was already cold. He decided to try and sneak a smoke in the bathroom. I was not fooled. I told him if he tried that again, he would have to move.
The man dug into the hard clay. He hit something hard with his shovel. He looked at what he had hit. It was a small box. He re-buried the box where he had found it.
Nancy was late getting to work today. She didn't want her boss to find out. She called a coworker and asked her to sign in for her. They were both called to the manager's office when she got there. After a week off without pay, Nancy never did that again.
Faith was relying on the professor's notes for the class project. However, the slides were poorly presented and lacked detail. She flipped through the lectures hoping to get better information. Hours passed and she still had no idea what to do. Eventually, she emailed him and he set up a date for a meeting.
Kate got up to go to the bathroom at night. There was no light and the room was dark. She stumbled on a cord and kept walking. The alarm clock cord was pulled out of the wall near her bed. Without the power, there would be no alarm to wake her for work.
Jim had many bills due. He only had a limited amount of money. He decided to ask his friend for a loan. His friend graciously gave him the loan. Jim sighed in relief and swore to be more frugal.
This morning I had my 3 month checkup at the doctors. I've been dreading this appointment for more than a week. When  I was called in the nurse made me get on the scale first. I closed my eyes tightly and  prayed that I had lost some weight! My doctor entered looked at the paper, high fived me saying 20 pounds!
Lee threw a couple of quick jabs. He thought that he looked silly fighting the air around him. It was the idea of it looking like a movie scene that made him laugh. The same thought motivated him to finish the training session. He turned up his music and went back to work.
Ted was furiously trying to get to the carnival. He had to make it up to a lady who he dearly loved. On his way there, his taxi was run into by a semi. During that moment, he saw everything he loved. Stella was the one person who stood out most of all.
Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin. The cabin was located far back in the woods. After eating, our family went for a walk in the woods. We also went for a hayride through the woods. We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin.
Cindy couldn't believe it. There it was, sitting under the Christmas tree. It was a brand new hula hoop. Cindy had wanted one for so long. She was so happy and played with it all day.
Harold was always naturally athletic in school. He never practiced and sports came easy to him. When he reached high school he tried out for the track team. He failed to even make the second string team. Harold practiced hard after he failed to make the team.
I was relaxing at my house when I saw lightning. Then I heard the loud roar of thunder. My entire house shook violently. I decided to play loud music. The music made me calm enough to get through the storm.
Jim always wanted to make people happy. But his grades in school were very poor. He couldn't be a doctor or an artist or anything, really. Then Jim took a minimum wage job delivering pizzas. And he realized that each night, he was indeed making people happy!
May hoped it wouldn't rain for her party that weekend. The weather forecast promised clouds and maybe drizzle. As Saturday approached, she grew more and more nervous. On Friday she went to bed unhappy, expecting a rain shower. But Saturday dawned bright and sunny after all!
One day, my brother's king snake got out. I was looking for it all over the house. One of his friends came over. When I told him what I was looking for, he got very scared. I laughed at him, found the snake, and put it back in its cage.
Molly wanted to have a fun time at her first dance. But, she didn't know if she should ask Bob or Tate. She asked both because she didn't think both would say yes. They both said yes, now Molly had no clue what to do. So she told Tate to go with her friend, and Molly went with Bob.
Sam was having a heart attack He needed to be rushed to the hospital. Sam refused to call 911 and asked someone to drive him. He didn't want to pay the expensive charges. Sam made it to the hospital with the help of a friend.
Joe was a comic. He did stand up for a living. One day a person was heckling him. And he got really upset at it. He never went back to the comedy club ever again.
All of Javier's best friends got married after college. He swore that he wouldn't get married because he loved being single. However, one year he began feeling more lonely than ever before. Javier met a nice woman named Leah and they started to date. Finally Javier got married, just like the rest of his friends.
Glorianna found a Christmas bell. She rang it over and over. Annoyed, her sister yelled at her. Glorianna cried. Feeling guilty, her sister cheered her up by ringing the bell.
Maria was driving home from a party. She was drunk, and swerving around. A cop pulled her over. He arrested her for driving under the influence. She was required to complete a class on alcohol addiction.
Peter enlists in the army. Peter serves his country proudly. Peter is ask to go to war. While in war Peter is killed in combat. Peter was a true hero for his country.
Reese was not a nice girl. She always said really mean things. She hurt feelings all the time. She said something mean to a friend. Her friend realized she teased her out of love.
Our daughter's friends in California have conceived. They had been trying for years. They needed a medical procedure. The mother is three months pregnant. The couple put the sonogram on their Christmas card.
A great general once found himself visiting an isolated village. He had only a few guards with him while his army camped miles away. Suddenly a large force of his enemies appeared over the hill. The general opened the gates of the village and sat in the street. The army, fearing a trap from the wily general, retreated.
The woman was primping. She looked at her reflection in the mirror. She decided she liked her outfit a lot. She added some jewelry and pulled her hair back. She checked her appearance in the mirror one more time.
Miranda straightened her hair everyday. As a result she noticed her hair was damaged. Miranda was horrified. She decided to cut her hair. Thankfully it looked healthier after that.
One day Tom decided to go for a walk. While he was outside he heard a noise from the bushes. He went to check it out. He slowly grabbed into the bushes. He grabbed and pulled out a missing Cat.
A woman opened her mailbox. She found a letter from the government. She decided to open it. It was a request for jury duty. She replied to it.
Susie was about to go on her first coaster. She never went on one before. She was nervous. As soon as it took off she screamed. It terrified her.
Martha was at Mcdonald's. She ordered a large order of fries. She took a bite of her fries. They were too salty! She got a refund by going back to the restaurant.
Amy was out of milk. She decided to go to the store for milk. She saw that eggs and cheese were on sale. She bought milk, eggs, and cheese. Amy spent too much money at the store and wasn't able to go out later.
Gina was free to leave the principal's office. She exited the office and went into the main office. She felt the receptionist staring at her. She looked up to see her smirking. Gina held her head high, and exited the main office.
Janet was trying to watch a movie with her boyfriend. He decided to eat some chips. The loud crunching sounds were annoying her. She asked him to be quiet. He couldn't chew quieter so he just stopped eating.
Kate saved money to buy a new leather jacket. She usually hated being downtown. She was in a bad mood as she drove to the store. But today when she entered the store she began to smile. She was as happy as a little kid on Christmas.
Jerry was a healthy man. He did not want to eat carbohydrates. He did not want to eat sugar. He decided to eat eggs daily. He satisfied both is diet requirements and hunger.
Tom was out driving with his girlfriend. He let her pick the music. She kept changing the station. Eventually there was a song Tom liked. They listened to it together.
Kiki was a brand new mother. She wanted to try to breastfeed her baby. Kiki found it to be more difficult than she thought it would be. She decided to switch to formula feeding. Kiki and her baby were much happier with her decision.
Dan loved pistachios. He was almost out of his current bag. He went online to buy some but saw the price had gone up again. Dan couldn't afford to buy more pistachios. His cholesterol started to go up and he died of a heart attack.
Sally went on a first date with Eddie. At dinner, Sally apparently ate something she was allergic to. Her face started to swell and she developed a rash. She asked Eddie to take her home, but he refused at first. He finally took Sally home, but she never wanted to see him again.
Tom was at the mall. He was helping his wife shop. He looked away at something for a while. When he got back he went up to hug who he thought was his wife. It was someone else wearing similar clothing.
My daughter's college roommate went to a party. She was drinking on the street. The police asked her to go inside. She kept drinking and got arrested. She spent a night in jail, but charges were dropped.
Annie was helping her mother bake cookies. Annie loved anything sweet. She thought if a little sugar was good, more would be better. When her mother wasn't looking she poured extra sugar in the batter. No one but Annie knew why the cookies were so sweet!
Eric didn't like typical birthday cakes. So he asked for a cheesecake for his birthday. He liked it so much, he ate 5 slices. But he felt completely terrible afterwards. Eric wished he got a typical birthday cake instead.
Delia was in the bathroom. When she finished up she found her toddler with the broom. He had been pretending to sweep which had swept actual dirt all over. Delia was angry but remained calm. She helped her son sweep everything back up.
Neil had just entered South Korea. His guide showed him around the country. The trains took him through the lush green country quickly. The locals were so friendly and welcoming. Neil saw that South Koreans were a very kind people!
The doors in my home all stick in place considerably. I hired a handyperson to come and fix the doors. They told me that there was nothing to fix. They said that the doors were simply swollen from summer humidity. I found the answer unsatisfying, but accepted it.
I had a very important hockey game coming up. Every day I practiced for many hours. The day before the game, I fell and broke my leg. I was so upset and my coach was so disappointed. The coach scolded me for being so careless.
Luke was entered into a pie eating contest. He sat down and everyone prepared for the starting gun. The gun shot and everyone started stuffing their faces frantically. Only Luke used a knife and fork, and cut into the pie. Luke didn't care to win, he was just happy to eat free pie.
John really wanted some cheese, but he didn't have any. John made a bad choice and stole some cheese from his mom's fridge. John took the cheese behind the house and started to eat it. As he was eating, he realized it was too much cheese for one person. He immediately regretted stealing the cheese.
Despite having no fingers, Shammy Shlamboni wanted to play piano. Everyone told him that he couldn't. Shlamboni wasn't having any of their negativity, and practiced. In addition to practicing, he took to rigging a system. On opening night at the theater, Shlamboni played with his feet.
The Smiths always looked forward to the local fair. They visited every year and couldn't wait for the next one. When the time came it started to rain heavily. The fair was postponed and the Smiths were really upset. Thankfully it was only for a week and they visited the next weekend.
When I was three I was scared of the dark. A night light didn't help much. I always had to turn on every light in the house. However, as time went by I see how silly it was to be scared. I got over my fear as time went on.
Cayla wanted a ukulele so her mom took her to Target to buy one. Her mom took her there thinking they wouldn't find one. To their surprise Target does sell ukuleles so her mom bought it. When they got home Cayla immediately ripped it out of its box. Cayla loved her ukulele and she played with it every day for years.
Timothy recently made a big life decision. He had quit his job to follow his dream. Timothy wanted to be a chef. The best and easiest way he found to do this was a food truck. He felt fulfilled in his truck, making food for everyone.
Tina had been wanting her ears pierced for years. She was finally old enough so she was getting it done. As she watched other girls before her she grew more and more scared. Luckily her mom was there to comfort her through it. She got it done and loved it more than she could have imagined.
Daniel's phone was dead. He charged it with his new charger. It was done charging in just five minutes! Daniel was amazed at how fast it worked. It was a great new invention!
Raynard forgot to study for a big exam. He failed the test. He begged his teacher for a chance to retake the test. The teacher allowed Raynard to retake the test. Raynard got an A grade on the retake.
Sue needed baby clothes. She was having a boy and only had girl clothes. Her friends decided to throw her a shower. Sue was so surprised. They all gave her clothes and Sue was very grateful.
Ella dressed herself in the morning. She went downstairs for breakfast. Her mom thought the outfit was funny. Ella started to cry. Her mom helped her find a new outfit.
Sally bought a bag of grapes. She put the grapes in her fridge. She forgot about the grapes. Sally was cleaning her fridge weeks later. The grapes had turned to mush.
Bill loved to play baseball. He played on a high school baseball team. His team had gotten to the finals in a tournament. It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat! Bill focused and hit a hard home run, winning his team the game!
Cami and her husband were looking at new houses. They both found one that they loved. The price was at the very top of their budget. Cami was stressing about if they should buy the home or not. Cami decided it was not the right time to buy the home.
I wrote my own wedding vows. I fashioned my vows after a business plan. I explained all my deal breakers. An attorney approved my prenuptial. My soon to be spouse made some adjustments.
My friends and I saw an expensive coat at a store. We split the price and bought the coat. We decided to have an arm wrestling contest to see who would keep it. The contest lasted two hours. After the two hours, the coat and the contest were both mine.
Greg was driving home from a bar when he ran into a DUI traffic stop. When the officer talked to him, she heard a voice say "He's drunk!" The officer shined a light into  Greg's car and saw a parrot. The officer decided to give Greg a Breathalyzer test. Greg and his parrot were sent to drunk tank overnight.
Mike went to the deli for a sandwich. On the way there he forgot his money. He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli. On his way there he noticed his deli was on fire. He was thankful that he forgot his wallet.
Jim had a week off from work. He decided to go on a short vacation. Jim decided to go to California because of the weather. It rained when he arrived. Jim felt disappointed by his choice.
Christa was with her aunt and cousins. Suddenly, her aunt got called into work. She needed somewhere safe to leave the kids. Christa offered to take them into a movie. Christa's aunt agreed and they went to see a movie.
Kelly was getting mad at Eliza because she thought she was annoying. Kelly thought she was being a bad friend. Eliza was mad that Kelly said that. As a result, Eliza decided to not speak to her. The girls then stopped talking.
Maria and her friends went to a casino. She had never been before and didn't think she would win any money. Maria tried a slot machine and hit the jackpot on the second try. She received a huge payout. That night, she treated her friends to a fancy dinner with the money.
Oliver was eating with some friends. His friends had never eaten at the restaurant before. Oliver recommended some items to them. His friends ordered some of the items. They enjoyed the food Oliver recommended.
Tom was walking to work. He was holding his umbrella. The wind started to pick up. A strong gust ripped the umbrella out of his hand. Tom wasn't able to get it back.
Ralph needed a job very badly. He had a big interview at the local bank for a job as a teller. Ralph had no experience and was worried he wouldn't get the job. Ralph had a hard time answering the interviewer's questions. The bank did not offer Ralph the job.
Dan was very bored at work. His boss gave him little to do. He opened up facebook and made a fake group for all of his friends. It started as a joke, but everyone joined. It was a good laugh for all.
Keith was a smart student and loved to volunteer. He spent many hours tutoring other students that struggled. Keith's teachers recognized how much he helped others. They nominated Keith for a school-wide award. Keith won and was recognized by the principal for his work.
Diane never wins anything. She was feeling lucky today. While paying for gas, she bought a two dollar lottery ticket. She scratched it off and the prize was one dollar. Diane concedes again to never winning anything.
It was Friday. So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza. But when Todd received his slice, he was disappointed. He did not understand why everyone was so excited. Todd brought his own food to school from then on.
Today my mom asked me why I was so down at dinner. I finally told her it was because I found out my girlfriend cheated. I asked her why this stuff always happens to me. Without missing a beat, dad looked up from his plate. He shrugged and said it was karma and went back to eating.
Tim went to the political rally ready to stir up some excitement. He waved his sign when his candidate said something good. The sign was getting heavy for Tim after a while. He slowly lowered the sign to the ground. It stayed on the ground until the next moment of excitement.
Chandra was driving to her house. She realized there was a spider in the car. Chandra was afraid of the spider. She pulled over on the side of the road. Chandra killed the car with her shoe.
Mom and dad told us to get ready for a visit with Grandma. My sister and I picked out our favorite dresses. Mine was pink, her's was lavendar. Mom braided our hair. Grandma greeted us at the door with lots of hugs and kisses.
Hank got marooned on a deserted island. He found food. He built shelter. He drew SOS in the sand. A rescue crew found him!
Charles got lost on the way to a friend's house. He turned into a gas station. There Charles planned to ask for directions. Then he remembered he has GPS on his phone. He was able to make it there with no real problems after that.
Nick came down with a very serious illness one day. His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again. Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden. After a few hard months, Nick's health started to improve. Nick was so happy to be healthy, he started running every day.
I finally got a chance to take the kids to Disney. We went for three days. There is just so much to see there. We could not get to it all. I think we will have to go back next year.
Jamie's house had caught on fire. There was nothing left of the house. Jamie had nowhere to live. A coworker offered Jamie a place to stay. Jamie cried out of gratitude.
I had a crush on my best friend in high school. I thought we would make an amazing couple. I was too afraid to mention it, in case it was unrequited. When we were about to graduate, I confessed my feelings. She didn't feel the same way, and we didn't speak much after that.
Timmy hated to eat vegetables. His mother promised him a new toy if he ate his broccoli. Timmy ate his entire plate of broccoli. His mother surprised him with a new skateboard. Timmy rode his skateboard all around his neighborhood.
Seth was a comic book reading nerd. He didn't do anything but read comics. He was feeling very alone and hopeless. Until one day he went on facebook and found the girl of his dreams. He talked to her and asked to be her bf and she said yes.
Ella was on her first cruise. She was so excited to see everything! But then she became very, very nauseous. The captain gave her some pills to alleviate the sickness. Soon, Ella felt much better.
Neil was backpacking Europe. He had been enjoying Paris very much. But he knew it was time to move on. He booked his train ticket south. He was excited for the next phase of his trip!
Bobby is at the amusement park, but is terrified of roller coasters. Still, he wants to face his fears. He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park. He is terrified at first, but loves the adrenaline rush. Now Bobby will always face his fears.
As a 41-year-old man, my mother doesn't give me money. But on this particular day, she calls me and offers me $100. We scheduled to meet in Nordstroms in Cerritos at five o'clock I first went window shopping and people watching. At five, my mother wasn't at Nordstroms and she never showed.
Gina was at the CVS near her home. She waited in line to purchase her candy bars. The woman in front of her was purchasing candy. As she spoke Gina recognized her voice. But the woman was gone before she realized it was an old friend.
There was a city festival coming up. The city needed a logo for their contest and they offered a prize. Sarah decided to draw up a logo. She entered it, not confident that she would win. To her surprise, she did win and she earned the money.
Richard and his family were in charge of an ancient mesopotamian site. A terror group began to close in on their town, worrying Richard. Richard and his family decided to abandon the site and fled. The terror group took over the town and found the ancient temple. Richard found out a few days later that the group destroyed the site.
Once there was a man who could not find a chair he liked. The man decided to survey everyone who bought furniture in his town. His surveys showed him what people truly wanted in a chair. He used this information to build the best selling chair ever. This man took all the money he had and gave it to the homeless.
Tom promised to watch his neighbor's goldfish while they were away. Tom fed the goldfish a huge amount of food. Tom went back to feed the fish again, finding it had died! Tom quickly went and bought a look-alike replacement fish. The neighbor never even noticed the difference!
Sue had decided not to get a new pair of eyeglasses at her eye exam. Just before her next appointment, one earpiece broke. The next week, the other one broke, too! She was afraid the glasses would not last until the next appointment. Luckily, she had another pair if they did not make it.
The woman got a bill. She could not afford the bill. She called the bill issuer. She asked for help with the bill. They gave the woman an extension.
Amy had a new boss at work. It was Christmas and she had no idea what to get the boss. Amy gave a co-worker $15 on a gift from the team. Amy rounded up money from the rest of the team to add to the gift. Amy was disappointed to see the coworker bought a gift card.
Amy's mother brought her the phone. An ex-friend Erin was calling her. Amy decided to cut to the chase. She asked Erin what was being said behind her back. When Erin froze and couldn't answer Amy said goodbye and hung up.
Last night Stacey was all up having fun. She had all her friends over. This morning though, she realized she had a test. Stacey freaked out. She knew she would not do well.
Harry had just bought a brand new car. He was driving to his house and hit a pothole. His engine started steaming and Harry pulled over. Harry called the tow truck to tow the car home. Harry had to wait two weeks to get his car back from the shop.
Sally just got a new phone. She loved the phone except for the fact that the battery didn't last. Sally bought a battery case for her phone. One day her battery case caught on fire. The case burned her entire phone.
Every day, John took the same roads to work. One morning, his normal route was closed. John thought he'd be late to work! He explored different roads. John ended up finding a way that got him to work on time.
Carter is competing with Max. They both are trying to win tickets to their favorite car show. Carter has bet Max that he can win tickets for the show. Max has bet Carter that it will be him walking away with free tickets. Both were unable to win tickets for the car show.
Alex was always passed over for promotions. One day, Alex talked to his manager about this. His manager gave him the materials to study. He learned everything he needed to know within a few months. He finally got a much deserved promotion.
It was the girl's first day at school. She was very nervous. She went into the classroom. She saw her friend. She sat next to her friend.
Dan was at the store with his mom and his brother. He saw a cereal that had a prize he wanted. He was happy when his mother let him get the cereal. His brother chose a different cereal. Dan was excited to get home and claim his prize.
Jacob had a little black cat that he loved very much. One day she went missing, and wasn't seen for weeks and months. Jacob was very sad, but tried to live a normal life. When out playing he saw the cat in a neighbor's yard. He called to her and she trotted right up to him and he took her home.
For my birthday we went to Reuben's Deli in Brookline. I have not been to a deli in Boston since 1980. The clientele was heavily Jewish. The food was good, but skimpy. I was disappointed.
I was biking home one day when I found a turntable. I took it home and tested it. I put it up on eBay. It sold for $20. I have looking for turntables ever since.
Fred was planning to wash his car. But he was too lazy to actually wash it. One day, there was heavy rainfall. And Fred's car became clean and shiny. Fred was glad he didn't have to do any work.
Jeff was starting an online class. There was a textbook he needed for the class. He looked in bookstores in the area. Jeff couldn't find the book anywhere. He finally ordered the book through an online vendor.
Lisa went over to the ice cream shop. She ordered three scoops of chocolate. After she paid she accidentally dropped the cone. As she got upset she ordered a new cone. Thankfully the new cone was unscathed.
John spent hours writing his English essay that was due the next day. After dinner he went back to his room to finish it. He found a pile of wet and shredded paper on the floor near his dog. John had to tell his teacher that the dog ate his homework. John was usually a very good student so his teacher believed him.
Mark was an American spy during the Cold War. He was told to steal a document from the Russians in Berlin. At night, he snuck up to the hidden building. A guard heard him, but did not see him sneaking inside. Mark stole the document and escaped easily.
Martin was the most popular guy in school. He didn't like how everyone always looking up to him. He decided to act very foolishly one day to change things a little. When he got caught by the principal, he was detained after school. After that, students stopped worshiping him and he was satisfied.
My high school friend recently starred in Rocky Horror Picture Show. I really wanted to go but live out of town. My mom went to the show in my place. My friend noticed her right away and called her on stage. He gave her a lap dance in front of the entire audience!
I was thirsty, so I walked up to a soda machine. I put the quarters into the machine and selected my drink. When I pressed the select button, the machine froze up and broke. I shook the machine and heard a loud clunk at the base. I looked down and two sodas were in the machine's hole.
Tom was getting married. It started to rain. Tom thought it was a bad omen. His friends comforted him that it wasn't. The wedding went along without any trouble.
Katie had a big presentation at work in the morning. She didn't get much sleep the night before due to her dog. She decided to pour a little extra coffee into the machine. She felt herself waking up fast as she drove to work. But by the time she got there she was too caffeinated up to present.
Greg was playing poker. He bet all of his money on this game. He was drunk and thought it would be smart. He ended up losing. He was a sore loser and left the game without paying.
I was working for a major retailer during the Holidays last year. Everyone was required to work the day after Thanksgiving. I had never been to a Black Friday event before. It was crazy, people were fighting each other and yelling at us. I will never work or support a Black Friday sale in the future.
Penne was not feeling well. He could not go to school. His mom was supposed to go to work. She want to miss work. She called in and her boss was really mad.
Steve cooked delicious food on his favorite stove. One day he moved out to a new apartment. Steve had to leave his stove behind. Steve started to burn all of his food. He couldn't cook without his favorite stove.
Pete straight to the high dive in pool yard. He climbed the ladder to get to the top. The dive seemed much higher when he was on top. He closed his eyes and jumped. Pete made a huge splash and got everyone wet.
Anna had a lot of leftovers from her kids' lunches all week. She hated wasting food. Then she had a great idea-she fried up some rice and seasoned it. Then she mixed in all the leftover veggies and meat. She called it USA Chop Suey, and the kids loved it!
Archie loved to watch television with his grandma. She loved old shows, so he loved them too. When he was ten, she got very sick. He visited her in the hospital just before she died. They sat in the hospital room, watching shows one last time.
John wanted to help the homeless. He went to a homeless shelter. He volunteered to be a cook there. John was recommended for a job. John became chef at a restaurant.
Jake wanted a puppy. His parents told him that he would have to wait. Jake sneaked a stray dog into his room. His parents heard the dog bark. Jake's mother and father decided to let him keep the dog.
Bob wanted to build a treehouse for his kids. First he gathered all of the materials. Then he chose a location in a nearby tree. Bob spent the weekend building the tree house. When he showed the kids, they were very happy.
It had been a long hard winter. Sara could not wait for spring to come. Then one day she saw something in her garden. A tulip bulb was beginning to bloom. Sara rejoiced at this first harbinger of spring!
My baby daughter was born today. I stayed with my wife for several days in the hospital. After 1-2 weeks, we left with our baby. We decided to buy a few belongings for the house. In addition, we started to clean the house as soon as we got in.
Ginger is a very jealous person. Courtney, her friend, got a new pink coat. Ginger really wanted the pink coat. Courtney would not let her have it. Ginger cried for the rest of the day.
Jack took the sheets off the bed. Hidden in the sheets was the television remote control. The sheets were washed in the dryer along with the remote control. The remote control was used to power on the television. The remote control was sent back to the cable company as dead.
The boy always told the truth. People noticed that he did. He was known to be honest. One day he decided to make up an outrageous lie. Everybody in town believed him.
I ordered a pizza from Pizza Hut for dinner. The pizza was delivered to me very quickly. When I opened the box, I realized it had the wrong ingredients on it. I promptly called and confronted them of their mistake. They let us keep it for free and delivered a new one.
Luke was a reporter who sought notoriety and fame. He spent years unsuccessfully chasing dead-end stories. One day, he received a tip about corruption at a large bank. He acted on it, and eventually unearthed decades of wrongdoing. After months of investigating and writing, his story won the Pulitzer.
Cara was having dinner guests, and she was nervous. She dressed up fancily to impress them. She also took their coats when they arrived and offered them drinks. During the meal she was an attentive hostess. After dinner, they revealed that she had thoroughly impressed them!
Olivia got a new cat. She found it on the side of the road. It took her a while to house break it. Eventually they both got along great. Olivia was happy with her new pet.
Sam was going to the store. He pulled up close to the entrance and found a spot. As he tried to get it another car tried as well. Sam honked his horn. The other car backed off and Sam parked.
John always wanted a beautiful red wagon. He did all his chores and was very well behaved all year. He woke up on Christmas morning and ran to the tree. Santa had left him a beautiful red Radio Flyer wagon! John was so thankful he played with his new wagon all day.
Tim was drunk one night. He decided to get on Facebook. He noticed a friend posting nonsense. Tim decided to call him out on it. It created a big fight and rift in their friendship.
A man was having trouble handling the stresses of his life. He decided to return to first premises. He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe. So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle He soon saw his stress disappear and felt better.
The music teacher selected me to play the big solo. I was very nervous to play all by myself. The teacher told me I could practice after class. I practiced and practiced until my fingers hurt. After I played my solo everyone applauded.
Dakota finished his job at a summer camp. He had really enjoyed working with children. He realized he might want to work with children as a profession. When he returned to college he visited a career counselor. Dakota switched his major to Elementary Education.
My son started stimming in the next room. It involved a series of clicking and smacking noises. I could not concentrate on my work. I asked him to please try to stop. The harder he tried to stop, the worse they got.
Martha carried her basket of laundry down the hall past her neighbor. Nervous at being watched, she let the basket slip from her hands. A big pile of her underwear fell right on her neighbor's feet. Clutching his stomach, her neighbor howled with laughter. Snatching up the underwear, she flushed scarlet with embarrassment.
Murphy turned on the television. He couldn't find anything to watch. He turned on some music. He closed his eyes. He imagined his own sitcom.
When lunchtime rolled around Mark's stomach was very grumbly. He hadn't eaten all day and was quite hungry. But he brought no food from home to eat. One of his workmates though invited him out to lunch. They had chicken tikka masala.
Matilda was 95 Year's old, and went to the doctor. He told her not to drink so much coffee, or eat too many sweets. Matilda went home and promptly poured a cup of coffee. Matilda's grandson scolded her for not listening to the doctor. But Matilda was 95 Year's old, and she didn
Lilly loves to have tea parties. She invites Becky, her best friend down the street. When Becky comes over, they set up the tea cups around the table. But they know they are missing something, and don't know what. But then they remember, they hadn't gotten the tea from the kitchen!
Josh counted while Chad hid. Josh began to search for Chad. He looked behind the shed, but Chad wasn't there. He looked behind the fence, but Chad wasn't there. He looked under the porch, and he found Chad.
Rita needed a new couch. She went to her local furniture store. There was a large collection of furniture. She looked through and tested some of the couches. Rita went home with a new couch.
My junior prom theme was Diamonds are Forever. The background was all white and glittery. I chose a silver and white gown. I had my white silk shoes encrusted with rhinestones. I went to the dance alone that year.
Randy and Juan were watching an action. But they were disappointed by all of the cheap special effects. One scene made everyone anticipate a large battle near the end. So Randy and Juan eagerly awaited it. But the characters resolved their dispute peacefully.
Alex's mom was going out of town. She was leaving him with his dad. Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car. They drove mom to the airport. Mom gave Alex a big hug and disappeared behind the large sliding door.
Lewis didn't do his homework. He had to go to summer school. He liked the teacher. They became good friends. Lewis learned a lot at summer school.
Tally has been getting in shape. She wanted to change up her routine. Tally started to do pop-pilates. After a few days she started to see results. Tally is feeling very fit.
She didn't like that she had lost control. She couldn't dictate his decision. He would do what he wanted, he told her. She started crying in anger. He walked away, uncaring how she felt.
Leroy was a poor old man. He lived most of his life on the streets. He stumbled into a gas station. He wanted something to eat but found a lottery ticket. The ticket Leroy found was the winning ticket.
Lyla loves planning parties. She always wanted to have a job planning parties. An internship program for an event planning company opened up. Lyla got internship and exceeded performance expectations . She was hired for full time after her three month internship.
Gina's class was in the library. She returned to her classroom early. The teacher wasn't in the room. Someone in her class had taken pencils from her. Gina decided to look for her stolen pencils.
Matt had never made iced tea before. He took a tea bag and put it into cold water. He wondered why the tea tasted so weak. He looked at the box of tea bags for directions. He realized he should have used hot water to steep the tea.
A car came by to deliver a food order today. The driver came in the wrong way. He also parked in the middle of the driveway. A mail truck came by and had to wait for the delivery. The mailman was not pleased.
I found a beautiful flower filled field today. Even though it seemed like the perfect place there were no animals. The only thing in the field was bees. Honey bees, searching for pollen. I even found the honey bee hives in the field.
Sandy had never been to a horse race before. She was excited. All the jockeys and horses were going on to the track. They lined up in the gate and were off with a bang. She had a great time and thought it was so exciting.
Sarah saved money to buy a car. She looked through online classified ads to find a car in her budget. Sarah found a car that was in her price range. Sarah met with the seller of the car to look it over. After looking, Sarah was pleased and purchased the car.
I walked into the kitchen. I got a glass and some orange juice. Just as I removed the cap, the bottle slipped. It fell to the floor. I cleaned up the huge mess, frustrated and frazzled.
Doug saved his money and bought an expensive new television. He decided he wanted to mount the television on his living room wall. He mounted the television and stood back to admire his work. Suddenly, the television came crashing down! The television screen shattered to pieces and was ruined.
Jimmy was in a rock and a hard place. He had recently divorced his wife, and gotten laid off from his job. To make matters worse, the IRS was after him for thousands in taxes. Fortunately for him - Jimmy had a slightly unethical accountant. He was able to hide some of his money in an offshore account.
Rachel loved her boyfriend very much. One day Rachel and her boyfriend were on a date. Rachel's boyfriend had something to tell her. He told her he was in love with her best friend. Rachel was dumped  by her boyfriend.
Jimmy had gone to the circus with his parents. He was excited to see everything going on in the arena. His favorite part was the acrobats. When Jimmy got home, he tried to do a flip on the bed. Jimmy's parents had to bring him to the doctor for a sprained ankle.
Jake wanted some cookies. He stood on a chair to grab the cookie jar. It fell off the counter and broke. Jake got sent to his room. Jake never tried to take things without asking again.
Kim made wings for her friends at a party. Everyone complained that they were tired of hot wings. Kim went to the kitchen and took out every sauce she had. She put the sauces in small bowls and brought them out. All the friends enjoyed the variety of wing sauces.
Jason's mother enrolled him in a language camp last summer. One day, however, the kids laughed at him and ran from him. He was actually sad because he didn't know why the laughed and ran. They said they ran and laughed because he was Jason from Crystal Lake. Jason laughed and said, that's Crystal Lake Illinois!
Fred was watching his favorite TV series on DVD. He fell asleep while it was still on. Suddenly he was awoken in the night by a skipping scene. The TV was repeating the same two seconds over and over. Fred was thoroughly creeped out, shut off the TV and went to sleep.
George put on a pair of pants. They no longer fit him. George looked at his large belly in the mirror. He put on a pair of sweatpants instead. He went to work with a shirt and tie and sweatpants.
Tom and Chris were best friends. They played video games together everyday after school. One day Tom's parents bought him a new video game. Tom and Chris loved that game very much. They loved it so much they stayed up all night playing it one night.
Randy noticed someone at his school who had a cool backpack. So he decided to buy the same kind. But other students began to copy Randy. And he didn't feel so cool. Randy went back to wearing his old backpack.
Tommy was searching for help in learning Mandarin. He asked his friends however, they didn't offer anything. However, he noticed an Asian girl walking. She winked at him. When Jerry asked for help, she said that she only speaks English.
Every Tuesday Ella goes to the park with her teddy bear. She took teddy down the slides, on the swings, and in the sand box. Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home. She looked around and could not find Teddy. Ella ran to her mom crying, but Mom already had Teddy waiting.
My hobby is taking selfies in front of poets' graves. In 2010, we drove to Ann Sexton's grave in Jamaica Plain. We had trouble finding her grave. My son in law got a map from a gravedigger and found her grave. I took several selfies by this poet's grave.
Jim never intentionally tried eating a bug. He was at a food market were some vendors were selling fried ants. Even though Jim was nervous, he tried eating some fried ants. They were not so bad so he tried fried grasshoppers. The legs stuck in his teeth, so Jim stuck with ants.
The kids were going to get together on Friday night. They were going to the corn maze. They were going to make a race out of it. First place would win a free ice cream cone. The competitive friends were eager to go.
Frank was just starting to learn carpentry. He really wanted to make a table. He got the plans and began working. It was a lot of hard work, but Frank learned a lot. His table was finished and he was very proud.
John tried out for the high school tennis team. John learned he needed to buy a new racquet. John researched which racquets professional tennis players used. John tried many racquets. John bought a new racquet and enjoyed his time on the team.
Several months ago there was a power outage in my city. Things have been tough here and many people are miserable. Some of these people got together and started wandering the streets. After a while they got riled up and started breaking into stores. Before the morning came dozens of stores were burned to the ground.
Yolanda is afraid of public restrooms. Her friend Margaret thinks this is silly. While out to dinner Margret and Yolanda drank some water. Unable to hold her bladder, Yolanda used a public toilet. Margaret was proud of her friend for facing her fears.
Kia woke up feeling a bit ill. She called in sick to work. Then she went back to bed for a while. She took a few aspirin when she woke up. Soon she was feeling much better.
She went to the dentist appointment. They had scheduled an emergency visit. They performed xrays of her mouth. One of her teeth was severely damaged. She scheduled an appointment to have it removed.
Billy went home from school to play video games. He turned on his computer. He was in the middle of the most amazing game he had ever played. His computer died. He gave up and did his homework instead.
There are many homeless people in Florida. We live in Pasco county, where there are beggars everywhere. They stand on the side of the road on Sundays, hoping to get money. Sunday is the only day it's legal to beg here in Florida. Last week, I gave $5 to a homeless lady, she didn't ask me for money.
On my eighteenth birthday I was excited to have become voting age. Elections were approaching so I got a voter registration form from. I filled it out at the DMV. Shortly after I received my voter registration card. I presented it when I cast my ballot on election day.
Tom had a question for his landlord. Tom went to visit him. Tom asked the question. The landlord answered the question. Tom was happy to have his question answered.
Dan was trying to sleep from a long day at work. However, every time Dan got comfortable, a loud noise occurred. After several noises, Dan went to investigate. As Dan looked outside, he realized there were dogs playing. Dan was angry that dogs were making noise by his window.
Terry is in france. He is in a new land. He loses his map. He loses his phone. Terry is completely lost in a new city.
Tim was on a budget and had very little money for food. He loved meat but had to buy very cheap, tough, chewy cuts of steak. Then his mom bought him a Crock Pot and taught him to use it. Tim started slow-cooking his steaks overnight, and he was amazed. Even the toughest meat cuts became so tender and soft!
Jason loved shooting pool with his dad. They both had a good time and got to spend time together. They played all that afternoon. Jason and his dad weren't really keeping score just shooting. They had a great time together that day.
Rita bought a book on healthy eating. She bought groceries for one of the recipes. She followed the instructions exactly. The food tasted bland to her. She went out to get a fast food hamburger.
Kate was nervous to meet her boyfriend's parents for the first time. The parents greeted Kate as she rang the doorbell. The four of them gathered around the dinner table. Kate relaxed as she realized they were not that intimidating. At the end of the night, she liked them a lot.
Amy preferred to read or sleep when flying. She found her seat and pulled out her book. The lady next to her began to tell Amy how she hated to fly. Amy tried to go back to reading her book. Amy was relieved when the lady began talking to someone else.
Tommy was angrily staring at the clock. His mom was supposed to get him out of school so he could get a puppy. She didn't show up. After School she was parked outside waiting. When he stomped to the car to yell he saw a dog on the front seat.
The store was full of customers for Black Friday. The employees were stressed and tension was up. So when a man stormed in, everyone jumped. He threatened them all with his gun. And he picked all the items he wanted before leaving.
Tia was shy. She never talked in class. One day she was being bullied. She decided to yell back at the bullies. They never picked on her again.
London was a planner by nature. When she was 8 months pregnant she packed her hospital bag early. She kept everything she would need for labor in her car. She had a check up and the doctor wanted to induce her immediately. London was so happy that she was prepared.
Ciera was redecorating her bedroom. She ordered some blankets from Pottery Barn. When they arrived, Ciera was disappointed. They were very rough to the touch. Ciera decided to return them immediately.
The man shopped for pants. He couldn't find any that fit. He found a big and tall store. He found some pants that fit. He bought some pants there.
As a right of passage Alex's dad was taking him to a lodge. This was a place for him and his adult friends to relax. Alex was very happy that he was invited! He got in the car and talked to his dad about it the whole time. When they arrived at the lodge Alex was insanely happy about it!
Nicholas calculated how much he would need to make over summer. He wanted to buy a car in the fall. He realized at his current minimum wage job, he would never make it. Nicholas looked at the rich people houses next door. Nicholas decided to break in and steal their money.
Jane was called to a room. She got out of her class and walked to the room. A teacher told her to sit down. She announced that she have to come weekly for reading practice. Although she felt ashamed, she remained loyal.
This semester I'm taking 5 English classes. They all require a lot of reading. There were 9 total books I needed for the classes. I bought every book from the school bookstore. My textbooks costed over 500 dollars this semester.
January disliked her name. She decided to change it to March. However, her mother June wasn't happy about it. She called her father October into the kitchen to discuss it. January said she was a grown woman and could make her own decisions.
My family went to the beach. Some of them couldn't come. My brother heard my brother-in-law talking in his sleep. My brother-in-law was talking about how not everyone could come. I missed the sleep talking.
Jill's new baby needed a bath. Jill cleared out the sink. She put the baby in the sink. Using a sponge, she washed the baby. When she was done, she wrapped the baby in  a towel.
Melissa wanted to get her one year old son some shoes. She couldn't seem to find the right size for a good price. After looking at many different stores she found the perfect pair. She bought her son a pair of sesame street shoes. The shoes were perfect for him and he walked in them right away.
The school group traveled to India. They ate some exotic foods. They traveled around and looked at the sights. It was very different from their hometown. It was nice to learn about another culture.
Alan always dreamed of becoming a rocket scientist. As a boy, Alan would always play with toy rockets and spaceships. In school, Alan studied very hard to learn everything about rockets. When he graduated from school, Alan was offered a job at NASA. Alan now lives his dreams as a rocket scientist.
Sheila was in her senior year of high school. She found out she was expecting a baby. A week before graduation she received some bad news. The counselor couldn't find a lot of her credits required to graduate. Sheila was devastated and never graduated.
The doorbell rang so Joan got up to answer the door. On the porch was a red box with Joan's name on it. Apprehensive about the contents, Joan opened the box very slowly. Finding a dozen beautiful roses, Joan became very happy. With no person in sight, Joan shouted thanks to the anonymous giver.
Bella was enrolled in ballet classes. One day, she wasn't paying attention and jumped wrong. Bella was in pain. Her mother had to bring Bella to the doctor. The doctor said Bella had sprained her ankle.
Katie was sixteen when she started her first job as a waitress. She was excited to start, but also slightly nervous. She had trained, and thought she'd be able to carry the tray. But on her first order she overbalanced, and the tray crashed down. Katie realized she had a lot more to learn about being a waitress.
I was analyzing some data for my statistics project. For some reason, the correlation coefficients were wrong. I decided to figure out what the source of the problem was. I realized my data frame was incorrectly structured. I fixed the program and the coefficients were correct!
Kim's car key snapped off in her ignition. She didn't know what to do! Finally she called the auto club for help. They came and removed the broken key. Then they made Kim a new key!
Yesterday, I suddenly received a text from an old boyfriend. I hadn't spoken to him since I was 12 years old. At 35, he was asking me to meet him for lunch in downtown Memphis. I told him I was unable to, as I am in a serious relationship. He left me his number in case I ever change my mind.
Tammy lost her dog It meant the world to her She put up posters everywhere and offered a reward. Finally a kind stranger called her number and told her he found it. Unfortunately he had hit the dog with his car and killed it.
Boris was working in his office. Suddenly, the light bulb went off. Boris went to the supply closet. He grabbed a light bulb. He changed the lightbulb in his office and continued working.
Jimmy decided he didn't want anymore kids. He went to the doctor to get a consult. Jimmy and the doctor decided a vasectomy fit his needs. He went back to get it done. Jimmy was very sore for 2 weeks.
Brody was allergic to peanuts. Brody and his family went to a holiday party. There was lots of food and lots of desserts. Brody picked a m&m cookie off the table. He broke out into a rash not knowing it was a peanut m&m cookie.
Adam had ordered a caramel coffee with no cream or sugar. Sitting down and taking a sip, he tasted something very strong. The coffee was made with irish creme, and caramel as he had asked. Angrily, Adam went to the counter and demanded his coffee. The barista informed him he had taken another customer's drink.
Kelsey was pushing her baby in a stroller. They went through a puddle where the stroller dipped down. The seat was soaked, making her baby wet too. Kelsey sighed and returned home to clean up the messes. Finally, they set back out in a new dry stroller.
Greg bought a pool. He put it outside. Using a pump, he blew it up. Then, he filled it with water. Finally he went swimming.
My mother baked a chocolate cake. When it was done, she took it out of the oven. She left it alone in the kitchen to cool. When she got back, there was a footprint in it. My cat had stepped on the cake!
Joan was always interested in the art of photography. She bought a camera and started taking pictures. Joan entered one of her photos in the county fair. She was very nervous to have her work judged. Joan wound up winning second place and was very happy.
A tornado tore through the town of Richmond one summer. Many of the homes were destroyed. Fires roared through what homes were left standing. Firefighters worked hard to put out the flames. Eventually order was restored, and people began to rebuild.
Asher went to the grocery store with his mom. Asher's mom promised him cookies if he was well behaved. He followed the rules his mom set. Asher was allowed to get his favorite cookies! He ate them happily on the way home.
Joe had his day off and was ready to relax. He got a call from his sister to see if he can take care of her kid. Joe said yes he can. His sister dropped off her kid . Joe took care of of the kid for the rest of the day.
Kia was spending a semester in Japan. Christmas approached and she felt very lonely. No one in Japan even celebrated Christmas. But her host family surprised her with a Christmas dinner! Kia was heartened and very touched.
Natalie was pregnant. Today was her shower. Her friends were there. They played games, ate food and shared gifts. Natalie thanked everyone for helping it.
Sitting in the lunchroom Anthony looked at the clock. Seeing there was only two minutes left he chugged his milk. His friends watched closely and gave him all their extra. Anthony chugged six cartons of milk in two minutes. Afterwords Anthony had to throw up because he didn't feel good.
Two weeks ago my wife noticed tiny flies near our window. The flies were outside, and she paid them no mind. Later that night she found the flies on the bedroom ceiling. We sprayed the bugs and shut the window. The next day we had the screen replaced.
Ina wanted her kids to eat more veggies. But all they ever seemed to want was spaghetti! Then Ina decided to mix veggies into the pasta sauce. She chopped them finely so the kids didn't notice. And it worked - they loved the sauce!
Tara had a lot of homework to do. However, she did not want to do any of it. She decided to delay her work by playing video games. Tara meant to only play video games for an hour. Unfortunately, she spent the whole day playing video games.
April had a pencil box. But there were no pencils in it! She looked through her backpack until she found her box of them. She sharpened each one and placed it in the box. She was ready to start the school year!
Bob knew people were trespassing in his yard. He could see ruts everywhere in his yard. Bob put nails in a couple two by fours. He laid them down in his yard. Bob no longer had tire ruts in his yard.
We used to live near train tracks. We could hear the horns at times. I am a train buff and loved the sound. We moved and I thought we were away from the trains. Last week I heard train horns from a different railroad.
Tim was an athlete. Tim had to frequently climb stairs at his work. Tim decided to skip stairs for exercise. Tim began skipping stairs regularly. Tim saw his fitness improve noticeably.
Missy worked at a diner. One night, she shopped up some tomatoes and put them in storage. The next day, she went to get them and couldn't find any. She searched around the diner. She learned that someone thought they were old and threw them out.
Tim ate a lot of gassy foods. His stomach started feeling bad. His friend gave him some pills. Tim took them. They actually helped him and he bought more.
Kate was saving money to buy an expensive jacket. But she didn't want to work extra hours. She chose not to get Starbucks coffee or eat out for lunch. After 2 months she had finally saved enough money. And as a bonus she had lost 6 pounds as well.
Pam never cared much for Mexican food. She would go to a Mexican restaurant if her friends really wanted to. One day, they went to a new place with more authentic Mexican cuisine. Pam loved the authentic style with its creamy cheese and milder sauce. She realized it was the Americanized version she didn't care for.
I had to go the the store. We needed Easter supplies. My wife and I had been sick all week. The store was out of almost all the Easter stuff. I managed to find just enough stuff.
Maddie's mom warned her to bring sunscreen when she went to the beach. She ignored her mom's warning and left without the sunscreen. An hour after arriving, she was all red and in pain. She sat up under the boardwalk, watching her friends have fun. She fell asleep in the cool sand, wishing she'd listened better.
Jennifer carried a stack of cash. She took it to the bank to deposit it. The teller counted it carefully. She handed a receipt over to Jennifer. She was happy to have money in her account again.
I woke up one morning and needed to get dressed for work. I couldn't turn on the light because it would wake up my wife. I picked clothes at random in the dark. Once I left the house I could see what I wore. I had chosen to wear a green shirt with blue pants.
Samson got lost at the ballpark this weekend. His father told him to wait for him when he went to the bathroom. Unfortunately, Samson got distracted by the mascots and wandered off. Then, he realized he didn't know where he was! Luckily, a security guard reunited him with his father.
Tom was very self conscious. He was concerned about his appearance. A classmate said he is ugly because he has red hair. Tom became very upset. Tom improved himself in other ways to compensate for his hair color.
When I went to the store I decided that it was very hot in my house. After I was done shopping for things on my list I looked for a fan. Finally I found a nice floor fan for my room. It was only 20 dollars so I figured why not! I bought the fan and it cooled down my room nearly instantly.
Hannah rushed to the fridge. She reached out for a plate with food. Her face shriveled up after taking one bite. Ben took the plate away. He told Hannah not to eat his rice pudding.
Deshaun needed a white outfit for her office event. She found the perfect white shorts and a blouse. She found shoes she liked, but they were blue, not white. After a few days looking, she had a genius idea. She bought the blue shoes and bleached them.
Jamie was set to go see her boyfriend. First her she loses her car keys. She then forgets her wallet at the house. Jamie finally gets to the restaurant. Her boyfriend didn't show up!
Chad had just finished his lunch at Chili's. On his way out he saw an empty table with half eaten fries. He decided to grab a few fries off of the table as he walked by. He heard a man yell that those weren't his fries. Chad was embarrassed and ran out as fast as he could.
Sean took his girlfriend to the beach one day. When they got home, their towels were covered in sand. Sean took the towels outside. He started hitting them against the wall. All of the sand came out.
Jason lived with two other roommates. One of the other guys was constantly behind on the rent. Jason began looking for another roommate. Jason kicked out the roommate who didn't pay on time. Jason got a new roommate.
I recently visited my cousin's famous mansion. We went inside and took the tour. Everything was very 1970s, and just the way I remembered it. I told my son about my visits there as a small child. He was very impressed that I knew the King.
Jane explicitly told the housekeeper to stay away from the closet. The housekeeper compiled for the most part. One day, the housekeeper noticed the closet was slightly ajar. She peeked into the normally locked closet and found it empty. From that day forth, she thought Jane was somewhat eccentric.
Our chickens are molting. When they molt, they lose a lot of their feathers. Chicken feathers cover our yard. The chickens look pretty funny with fewer feathers. They soon grow new feathers for the winter.
Paxton's mom dropped him off at the public library. Paxton browsed the books in the nonfiction section. He found a book about Ancient Egypt. Paxton carried the book to the checkout counter. He gave his library card to the woman behind the counter.
Jackie was a fan of video game streamers on the internet. After awhile she decided she wanted to give streaming a try. She spent a lot of time crafting a persona to use on her show. But she didn't spend time making sure her computer could handle it. Her computer crashed during her first stream, making it a failure.
Ben and his friend, Lars, were playing hide and seek. Ben could always find Lars quick and easy. One time Lars decided to hide where he thought Ben would never look. Lars hid in a garbage dumpster. He jumped out because he couldn't stand the bad smells.
Billy was in kindergarten. He was just getting used to using the toilet. He got nervous because he had to use the bathroom while in class. He raised his hand to ask the teacher to go. She let him go.
Sports day was always Emma's favourite day at school. She was the fastest 100m runner for 3 years in a row. This year, a girl who moved to the school entered the 100m sprint. Emma had never seen her practice, so thought she would be fine. The girl beat Emma by over a second.
My friend Sally sat on the bench with me today. Her granddaughter was visiting her. Sally is 80 years old and legally blind. She said her granddaughter was buying her lunch. I wished her a good day.
My wife told me I had to throw out my old tap shoes. I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash. I was sad all day long. In the middle of the night I retrieved them. I went out to the driveway for one last dance.
One day, a boy named Ligeti was walking in the forest. Even though he walked often, the forest was still scary. On this day, a man jumped from behind the trees and frightened him. The boy ran all the way home, crying. The boy grew up to be frightened of the unknown.
Ray was at a large party. But he noticed that his cell phone wasn't in his pocket. He squeezed through the crowd as he tried to look for it. But it was too dark and chaotic. Ray had to wait until everyone was gone so he could search for it.
Sam was a hockey fan who loved the Pittsburgh Penguins. He had season tickets and attended every home game. Once, he entered a contest at a game to win a mystery prize. To enter, he had to write a story about his favorite player. Sam won, and the prize was dinner with his favorite player!
Annie had a bad cough. She went to the doctor. The doctor examined her carefully. He prescribed her some medicine. Annie's cough was gone in a few days.
Jill's dad found her a car for cheap. It needed a new engine put in, but the car came with the new engine. Jill and her dad worked hard to put the engine in. Then they put the necessary fluids in and started the engine. Jill was happy to have helped her dad fix her own car.
Michael forgot to study for his final. He knew if he didn't cheat he would fail. He taped all his answers into a water bottle. The teacher made everyone put their drinks away. Michael failed and learned to never cheat again.
Tavon was a sweet boy, but he was very lazy. When it came to doing work at school, he hated it. He always had a hard time turning papers in. One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk. Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he didn't do.
Harry's dad left when Harry was very young. Harry would only see his father once or twice a year after that. Because of this, Harry was never close to his father. When Harry's father died, he did not even cry. Harry vowed to be a better father than his dad was.
Jason hates winter. One day he walked outside after an ice storm. Jason fell down on the steps. He hurt his leg. Jason decides he will be more careful in the future.
Celia didn't like cats. But when she moved to her new house, there was a stray cat there. At first, she tried to ignore it. But the cat was always meowing and in obvious distress. She took the cat in to feed him.
I work in a large retail store that sells groceries. We have lots of freezers and coolers full of meat, milk, and ice cream. Yesterday the power went out for two hours! We could not keep the food cold enough. All of the ice cream melted and had to be thrown away.
Jenna cannot see. Her contact has the wrong prescription. Her husband recommended they get it fixed. She agreed to get it corrected. Now Jenna can see properly again.
Taylor was shopping for a new pair of pants. She went to the trendiest store in the mall. She found the perfect pair of pants. She spent $100 dollars on them. The first time she wore them someone spilled paint on them.
I love to go to the movies, I try to go every weekend. It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours. I have a new girlfriend who loves movies as much as me. I'm pumped because we get to go every Friday and she loves it. Going to the movies has really brought us closer together.
In a college football game one team was way ahead. The team that was winning scored another touchdown. The coach called a two point conversion after the touchdown. After the game a reporter asked the coach why he went for two. The coach indicated that it was because he could not go for three.
Charlie had always loved animals, and begged his mom for a lizard. She always denied him, saying lizards were disgusting. One day Charlie found an injured lizard, and nursed it in his room. When his mom found out she was sympathetic, but said he had to go. Charlie was sad to lose his lizard, but glad he'd saved him.
Jim went down to storage to steal some copying paper. He didn't realize someone was watching him. The boss came down and demanded to know what he was doing. Jim slapped him with the ream of copying paper and ran. The boss was shocked that someone would go to so much trouble.
Sue and Steve had been dating for 3 years. Sue was sure they were going to get engaged. One day Steve took Sue for a walk. During the walk, he dropped down on one knee. He asked her to marry him and she said yes.
Barbara walked down the forest trail with her older sister Beth. Beth warned her not to walk off the trail, but Barbara didn't listen. Even if there was thick foliage and leaves, Barbara wandered through. The next day, Barbara felt itchy all over. Beth said she must have walked through some poison ivy.
Sara just got a new job as a high school teacher. She was driving to her first day and was nervous. She taught her first class and all the students loved her. This gave her the confidence she needed to get through the day. She did a nice job teaching the rest of her classes.
The Sexton children take Easter pictures every year. Each time their mom tries to find a different and better location. Last year they took pictures on a railroad track. This year they are going to a beautiful dock on a lake. This has become a wonderful tradition for this family.
Kylie was out for a walk. Then she happened to find an object on the ground. She saw that it was a diamond ring! Kylie took the ring to get appraised. The jeweler told her it was worth three thousand dollars!
Anne was running late from work. She didn't have time to cook for her family. On the way home, Anne ordered pizza. She picked up the pizza and drove home. Anne's kids were excited she had gotten pizza.
Tim had a fear of needles. He decided to confront it by donating blood. It was a scary experience. Tim toughed it out and went through with it He was proud of himself.
Tom dropped his medicine in the sink. Some of it went down the drain. Tom tried to call to get more. Unfortunately they refused to give him any. Tom wound up getting sick because of it.
Kyle went to the auditorium to check out his results. The volunteer told him that he's not eligible to make the team. Out of anger, he threw the basketball across the bleachers. The security guard approached him. He also took Kyle to the principal's office.
Tom lived in poverty. His parents tried to shield him from it. They would go to a buffet dinner as often as they could. Unfortunately money ran out on that too. Tom didn't go to a buffet for years.
Amy's mother was driving her to her new school. Amy was scared and nervous about going to junior high. When the arrived Amy didn't get out of the car. Her mother gave her a pep talk and opened her door. Amy stood on the sidewalk afraid to enter the school.
Terri had been working in the kitchen or hours. She was perfecting her meatloaf recipe. She sampled the latest one and decided it needed more garlic. She started over again and hoped for a better result. The last one she pulled out of the oven was perfect!
Jules wanted a new purse. She knew she didn't need to buy one. However, she decided to splurge anyway. She finally found the one she wanted. She was glad she did.
Wednesday is my sister in law's birthday. I bought her gifts from Amazon Prime. They were due yesterday, but did not arrive. I received a late delivery alert, and was worried. But they came this morning.
Aunt Denise had a peg leg. When her nephew was old enough, he asked why that was. She explained that she had been in an accident. Her nephew was so distraught, he started to cry. Aunt Denise had to lie to make him feel better.
The massive storm caused Jack to have a terrible weekend. He woke up exhausted and depressed due to the power outage. He went to the coffee shop to cheer up a bit. However, the coffee shop had a line of 20 people out the door. Jack was depressed again and went back home.
Carol was very hungry and decided to go to her favorite restaurant. She ordered some chicken wings and a beer. She started to eat and noticed her chicken wings were raw. The waitress took the meal back to the kitchen. Carol was so angry she left without eating any food.
Sue was in junior high school. She decided to try out for the basketball team. Never having played, she asked her brother to teach her how to play. After working with him for six months, Sue was a solid player. At tryouts, Sara was better than anyone else so made the team.
As a prank, Bill filled a backpack with fake money and left it for Bo. Bill left the bag in the open and hid behind a tree. Bo came along and spotted the bag. He was overjoyed upon seeing the money in the bag. Bo heard laughing from a distance and quickly zipped the bag closed.
Patricia went to the movies with her friends. She was caught off guard by the prices of the tickets. She stated she did not want to see the movie at such a price. Patricia's friends saw her reaction and paid for everyone's tickets. Patricia was very grateful for her friend's generosity.
Katy took a bus ride from Georgia to California. Her back and legs got achy during the long ride. When the bus stopped she got out to stretch her legs. When she went back to her seat, someone had spilled something on it. Katy decided to take a plane for her next long trip.
Julia loved the butterflies that floated around her yard. She was on a mission to catch one of them. She tried all day but couldn't get anything. Then she decided to go buy a butterfly net. With her net she was able to catch tons of the butterflies.
Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip. It was night and her siblings were asleep. Gina spent the afternoon sleeping, and was now awake. She decided to try and read. The car was too dark, so she gave up and put her book away.
Ken looked for his wallet. He asked his wife if she had seen his wallet. His wife helped him to find it. Ken gave his wife five dollars for her help. Ken's wife laughed at that.
Lisa wanted to read a book. She went to the library to find a good one. Lisa checked out a horror novel by Stephen King. She started to read the book just before bedtime. Lisa had terrible nightmares.
Last night we were going to leave the park. Susie would not get out of her seat to move though, She was a fussy child. We begged her for an hour. Finally we bribed her with candy so she ended up moving.
Yesterday I went for a run. I ran to the park. It was very tiring. I felt cramping afterward. Running back was easier however.
Jeffrey invited Sam to his house. When Sam saw the front of the house, he was amazed. There were two fountains and a golf field on the side of the house. As soon as he walked inside, he noticed an indoor fast food restaurant. Before Sam left, he asked Jeffrey if he came come again.
Lisa needed some extra money. She took one of her old rings to a pawn shop. She hoped to get at least $100 for it. But when the owner made her an offer, her eyes widened in joy. She was given $250 for her old ring!
At work my branch combined with another branch. I have now been put in charge of twice of many people. I was a little overwhelmed at first so I hired an assistant. He was able to help me out with a lot of the workload. I love having an assistant.
Chris went to the dentist for the first time in years. The dentist said his teeth were not good. The dentist recommended a root canal. Chris agreed with the dentist. The dentist performed a root canal on Chris.
Mike quit his job one day and then needed to find a source of income. Mike lived on savings for a while before deciding to start a business. He came up with the idea for a t shirt company and bought the tools. After designing some t shirts and a website, Mike began to get work. Mike's t shirt business began to kick off and he was a success.
Something huge and hairy was running toward her! It had ten horns and two horrible glowing eyes. Just as it opened its mouth to eat her, Janet screamed. Then she woke up and realized she was in her bedroom at home. It had all been just a bad dream.
Yesterday I went for a workout. I ran three miles. I was exhausted. When I was done I collapsed. I needed sleep.
Cindy desperately needed a new computer. Hers was on the verge of dying. However, she did not have any extra money. She decided to save up. Luckily, her sister gave her her old computer.
Dave was a scientist. Dave wanted to make a great scientific discovery. Dave worked with algae to make electricity. Dave discovered he could make electricity with algae! Dave was awarded for his great discovery.
Jessica was redoing her kitchen. She found some beautiful rugs. She spread them out on her kitchen floor. They were exactly what the room had been missing! She couldn't wait to move on to the rest of the house.
Rowan walked happily down the block. It was the last day of school and he was walking home finally. He walked passed the park and the little creek in front of the park. He walked passed the neighbors house and waved to Steve, the neighbor. Finally, he reached home and was ready to start summer vacation.
Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game. Tammy kept winning each game. They decided to make a rule so Tammy would have a harder time. The next game was much closer. The game after that Jane had won.
Thad was at the plate. The pitcher was ready to throw. Thad focused and gripped his bat tight. The ball came flying towards him. He nailed it out of the park.
Pam was with her friends at lunch. They were all chatting and having fun. Some of the group left to get snacks. Then, Pam's friend let her know she had food in her teeth. Pam was so embarrassed and she went to clean her teeth.
Kyle has an English test tomorrow. He also has a football game. He completely forgot to study. When he got to class he tried to cram. Kyle passed his test but did not make a good grade.
Adrian responded to a personal ad in the newspaper. He was invited to the woman's home for a romantic dinner. Not knowing the food was drugged, Adrian ate the meal. While he was knocked out, the woman tied him up and robbed him. Adrian was eventually able to free himself and alert the police.
Alice was scared to start at a new school. She wanted to impress people, so she bought a new pair of shoes. The next day, she wore her new shoes to school. A group of girls complimented her on her shoes. They all became great friends and Alice had a great year.
Rina really wanted a pair of earrings at the store. Rina saw the earring's on display but could not afford them. She concealed them into her pocket. Rina left the store with the earrings in her pocket. She was seen stealing by store security and arrested.
Laura was lacking confidence in her looks lately. She was using more makeup every day and it made me worried. She told me she thought other people didn't find her attractive. Laura decided to get a haircut to see if that helped her. After her haircut she was a lot more confident and felt better.
I found a silver necklace on the ground. I put it around my neck. I think I looked handsome. Suddenly, I ran into the owner of the necklace. He thought it looked so good that he let me keep it.
A man decided to order some soccer balls. He found some at a good price, so he decided to order a lot. He settled on a gross. He didn't realize exactly how many a gross actually was. Once delivered, they filled his entire living room.
Larry was trying to quit smoking. He was at a bar and temptation was everywhere. He tried to avoid it. Eventually he broke down and asked someone for a cigarette. Larry smoked it as he promised himself it was the last one.
Chris told me to hold one side of the sofa. We were trying to move it on the upper floor of the apartment. When we reached halfway, Chris's hands got tired. He couldn't hold the sofa and it dropped. It landed on the bottom floor.
Ana laid out in the sun. She wanted a deep tan. She decided to doze off for a few hours. When she woke, she was badly burned. She had forgotten to apply sunscreen!
Nancy found a very hyper cat in the alley. She fed it at first without letting it into her house. But as it was getting cold she opened her door to it. The cat tore everything apart as it ran everywhere. She eventually had to put let him out to preserve her home.
Jill was exercising at the gym. She was doing bicep curls with the free weights. All of a sudden, she dropped a dumbbell on her foot. Jill screamed in pain! Afterwards, Jill iced her foot to prevent swelling.
Ben's ex was getting married. Ben hated the idea of his ex marrying another guy. He had an idea to crash their wedding. So on the day of her wedding he crashed it. He ruined the whole day for his ex.
Bob had his own garden. He grew all sorts of vegetables for his family to eat. His beets were especially sweet. One day a visitor came to town and offered him a job as a gardener! Bob accepted happily and brought his sweet beets with him!
Kate wanted to eat Italian food for lunch. She called the restaurant to order her favorite hummus. But it had been taken off the menu. And they had no idea if it was ever going to return. She was so disappointed she lost her appetite.
Rob was driving to an important job interview. But he encountered unanticipated bad traffic! He was so nervous he felt like banging on the horn. He called the company to let them know he would be late. They told him there had been a bad accident and they understood.
Frank accidentally broke the mirror in his room. So he needed to get a replacement. So Frank drove to the store to get a new one. Frank found a very nice one for cheap. Frank got it and took it home.
The family was moving to a new house. They grabbed a bunch of moving boxes. They filled each one with their belongings. They couldn't wait to unpack it all! Once the boxes were packed, they called the moving truck.
We went to a number of stores looking for a new TV. We looked at new 4k ones. But we decided on one that was bigger and cheaper. We made our purchase and then took it home. We were very happy with it when we set it up.
Gavin wanted to convince a girl that he was worthy of a date from her. Gavin showed her his muscles but she was not impressed. Gavin gave her flowers but she declined. Gavin wrote her a love letter and sang to her face. She was ecstatic and agreed to Gavin's date.
Tom was a messy eater. He always asked for extra napkins everywhere he went. One time the waitress thought he was joking. She only gave him a few. He had to go back for more within minutes.
Last week I accidentally broke my wife's favorite hair dryer. I tried hard to apologize for it. Finally this week I decided to surprise her with a new one. She was confused. Apparently she hadn't even realized it was broken.
Jane told her son Jim he needed to train his puppy. But Jim preferred to spend his time playing instead. One day Jane saw a wet spot on the carpet. Jane explained to Jim he needed to clean it since it was his puppy. Jim scowled as he scrubbed the carpet clean.
Florence was brand-new to teaching. She was so frustrated after her first day. Her class was very unruly. One day, she decided to sugar the kids up to get them to act better. She gave them daily chocolates, and their behavior improved.
The man tried his best. He failed at the task. He lost a lot of money. That put his house at risk. His wife had to get a job to help the family.
We went to a lagoon in nicaragua. It was deep. I almost drowned as a result. My friends swam in and saved me. This led to me having a fear of the water.
The dog got very excited. She jumped down from the bed. She started to howl and pant. She stared up at her owner. The woman finally sighed and took her out.
The boys were ten Year's old and thought they were cool. One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider. They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine. They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk. That night, they were the coolest ten year olds ever.
Randy had recently separated from his wife. He felt very lonely and sad all the time. He considered trying to patch things up with Vera, his ex-wife. He decided to get a puppy instead. His decision made him happy and he no longer felt sad.
CJ wanted leather couches. He decided to purchase some. Upon moving them in, his dog's scratched them. CJ was very sad. He decided to wait to replace them until the dogs died.
I wanted a ring to commemorate my child. I found a website that made special rings. I had one made with his name in it. I had to wait 2 weeks for it to arrive. It showed up via DHL.
Jane need to get something from the store. But she was late for an appointment. She grabbed her things quickly and headed to checkout. She thought it would be quick. Unfortunately the lines were all the way back to the aisles.
Jennifer really wanted an ice cream cone, but didn't have the money. A lady in the ice cream store dropped a $5 bill. Jennifer picked it up. She thought of keeping it, but gave it back to the lady instead. The lady was so grateful that she bought jennifer an ice cream cone.
Lou was the most popular kid in school. He was a star athlete but he also had a secret. He loved to write poetry. He was really good but he was too ashamed to share it himself. Instead, he forced a nerd named Carl to read them as his own.
Beth needed a vacation. She convinced some friends to go with her. After researching trips, they decided on a cruise. They booked a 2 week cruise of the Caribbean. Beth and her friends had a great time on the cruise.
I never had cats growing up. So I never really knew what to expect when my fiancee had them. The one night the one climbed up on me and layed on my chest. She then started digging her claws into me. She explained they were kneading the bread to get comfortable.
We saw the Simpsons movie when it first ran. The theater was totally packed. There were only two seats open, next to us. Surprisingly, the person who sat down was lawyer who worked with me. Truth was stranger than fiction that day.
My wife went to Dunkin Donuts today. She looked at the doughnuts. She was surprised to see three prices. There was a price for a regular, a square, and a special doughnut. I said DD was going upscale.
Laura's cat had run away from home. Laura chased her cat to a tree. Laura's cat meowed because it was unable to get down. Laura called the fire department. A friendly firefighter was able to bring her cat out of the tree.
Jack smoked a pack of cigarettes everyday. His doctor told him he needed to quit smoking. He tried quitting with nicotine patches, gum, and medication. When nothing worked, he decided to use an electronic cigarette. He was finally able to quit.
I received the back to school list from the school. It was an extremely long list. I cannot believe all they want us to buy. It is going to cost me a lot of money. I am not sure if I will buy everything.
Neil was visiting Syria. He took a train to the capital city of Damascus. There, he disembarked and looked around. He spent the whole day exploring the exotic city. He was thrilled to be in the oldest city on earth!
After receiving red plates for Christmas, my kids loved them. They started calling them the santa plates. One by one, they broke the plates over the next year. Eventually, there were only a few left. The kids were sad that they ran out of the plates.
The man did too many drugs. He called for help. They sent an ambulance. The paramedic pumped his stomach. They saved the man's life.
Sally is going to make cookies with her family. Sally's family decided to make sugar cookies. Sally plans to leave the cookie out on Christmas eve for Santa. Sally left the cookie out for Santa and went to sleep. The next morning Santa had eaten the whole thing!
When my daughter was in 3rd grade, her school called us up to come in. A angry principal told us our daughter paper toweled the girls room. The principal had to get on a ladder to removed the paper towels. I was so embarrassed as she told us the story. My husband, burst out laughing.
Ian could not wait to got to Hollywood for the first time. He got on plane with intense excitement and could not wait to land. The plane ride was somewhat long but Ian took a long nap. Once the plane landed, Ian raced into the airport to find his cousins. When they got outside, Ian took a deep breath of the nice Cali air.
Steve felt his romantic life was dull, so he wanted to meet someone. Steve's friend arranged a blind date for him with a girl named Cheryl. Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common. They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time. Eventually Steve and Cheryl got married, and lived happy lives.
Kim was good at graphic arts. Her brother loved her work. She knew this and made him a pic with his name on it. She sent it to him through the internet. He loved it.
Sally has been single for a long time. She looks for a boyfriend online. She finds a nice young man. They meet and become a couple. She gets married and spends the rest of her live with him.
Emilio was playing in the garden when his mom came over. She sat him down and gave him ice cream. He looked at her baffled. She told him to eat as it would melt if he didn't. And as he did so, she told him his dad had died.
Today I played only two games on online chess. I played two speed games with my friend Harry. I won the first and lost the second. Harry had errands and could not play. I continued to play strangers online.
Elena walked towards the front of the stage. She began to sing. Earl noticed that she's lip-syncing. He became angry and told everyone else. The crowd started to yell at her.
Tim and Jim began to play cards. They kept score on the first few games. After the fourth game they forgot to count points. They decided that the score was not that important. Thereafter they just played for fun.
Eli's ears perked up at a song in his playlist. It was a random Norwegian singer with a beautiful voice. She sounded like a cross between Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell. Eli looked up the other albums she had. He made a point of buying them to see if he'd like them as well.
Pierce was sweeping the floor at his job. He found a twenty dollar bill on the floor. No one was in the area. Pierce picked up the money from the floor. He put the money into his wallet.
Jo coached little league. He always wanted his own team. He decided to scout for new players. He bought jerseys for them. He finally had his own team.
I worked very hard to apply to college. I applied to multiple schools. Each application essay was a work of art, in my opinion. Unfortunately, I didn't get into my top choice school. I had to settle, but it was all right in the end.
Kia went to bed one October night, ready for fall. But when she awoke, it was very hot! The fabled Indian Summer phenomenon had arrived. All week, Kia played outside and swam in the lake. Kia enjoyed the unseasonably warm weather!
Tina went to the bathroom to freshen up. Brad needed to use the bathroom however, he had to wait. Tina still remained in the bathroom after an hour. He broke through the door. It fell on the mirror and smashed Tina's supplies.
Millie was trying to teach her cat a trick. The cat didn't seem willing to listen at all. Millie decided to try some bribery. She dangled a cat treat in front of her pet. Finally the cat did the trick and earned the treat.
When a writer starts a work they don't know what to expect he thought. Len was almost done with his first short story. He had sat down three hours ago. He wanted to finish in one shot but he couldn't think of what to do. He decided that every writer needs a break and took one.
Darren wanted to form a band. He decided to buy a synth. He asked his brother to join. They started to practice. They performed last night!
My first trip to Six Flags amusement park was a mixed experience. First I went to the arcade, it was a blast. I really enjoyed the log flume. However, the roller coaster made me vomit. I decided never to ride a roller coaster again.
I was feeling very hungry. I decided to make some soup. But, I did not have broth in my pantry. I decided to buy some broth. Now, I could make soup!
I went to the casino around night time. I decided to use the slot machine for the first time. My friend told me to put $100 in the machine. After putting the money in the machine, I pressed the handle. The three slots were not the same type so I ended up losing money.
Andrew always wanted to ride a helicopter. So he found a helicopter riding service near him. You pay money to ride a helicopter. So Andrew payed and got on a helicopter. He loved the ride it was fun.
I came out of the water and walked to the public shower. As am washing off the salt water, something bit my leg. I immediately looked at it. A large beetle was crawling around my knee. I flicked it off with my finger.
Kit was having a surgery. Her daughter picked her up from the hospital when she was released. Kit's daughter took a week off of work to take care of her mother. Soon, Kit was feeling much better. Kit's daughter was able to return to work.
John was bored and surfing the internet. He found a website where people raised crickets for food. He thought this was a good idea. He started raising crickets in the basement in containers. Soon after John had enough crickets to start selling.
Sara was terrified of horses, even though her mom trained them. She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride. Her mom said she should start by feeding and caring for them. Sara began to spend every day brushing and talking to the oldest. After a few months, she realized she was no longer afraid at all.
Ed and his friends went to their middle school dance. Ed loved to dance so he was excited. The music was blaring when they went out on the dance floor. Ed closed his eyes, getting totally caught up in the music. All of a sudden he realized the music had stopped but he hadn't!
Emily reached the head of the cliff on her hike. About twenty feet below was a clear lake. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and jumped. She did a flip in the air before landing gracefully in the water. She got out to climb back up the cliff.
Gertrude had a song stuck in her head. The song has been stuck in her head all day. She decided to drown it out by watched some tv. Unfortunately, a commercial with a catchy tune came on. Now a different song is stuck in Gertrude's head.
Mark wanted to become a dog trainer. He decided to practice on his own dog. He taught her to jump over a hurdle. She learned to run up and down ramps. Mark was very pleased with her progress.
Ed and Emma were twins and wanted to have matching Halloween costumes. But they couldn't agree on a costume! Ed wanted to be a superhero and Emma wanted to be a mermaid. Then their mom said she could make costumes that'd please them both. Oh Halloween she have them matching costumes - Aquaman costumes!
We were staying in a hotel on our vacation. We were supposed to be leaving that day. Early in the morning, my Dad heard people knocking on the door. They were evacuating the hotel because of a fire. We got all our stuff together and checked out right then!
I was bored of the silence in my car. I reached for the radio knob and turned it on. My radio was picking up mostly static. The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station. The announced told listeners to stay on the smooth tip.
Nolan had already talked to five girls that evening. The next one at the table seemed nicer than the rest. He made his pitch like he did with the others. But this new girl laughed at him outright. Nolan left the speed dating bar wishing he never came.
Kelly saw that her favorite actress was having a book signing. She therefore immediately went over to check it out. She waited in line for hours. Finally she met the actress. Kelley was star struck.
Fred wanted to propose to his girlfriend. He did it in the mall. She was offended. She declined the offer. She then broke up with him.
Chris always thought that he was bad at math. He had to take a remedial course in college. He learned so many concepts that he didn't know about. Now he gets through his upper level courses easily. It turned out that his past teachers were just bad.
In 1982 we rode from Oakland to Boston by train. The train was delayed by mud slides in Utah. We missed our connecting train in Chicago. Amtrak put us up in a hotel for the night. The next time we went cross country we flew.
Amy was going to the break room to get ice. Her friend Troy was having his lunch. Amy wasn't on break, but decided to chat with Troy anyway. 20 minutes later Amy was still with Troy. She crept back to her desk hoping not to be seen by her boss.
Bob was frustrated that his computer system wasn't working. When he went to boot it, it gave him an error message. Bob researched on the Internet for many days. A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons. Bob did what it said and now his computer will boot up again.
Emily was driving home from work when she hit a patch of ice. Her car started spinning. She thought her life was over. Emily said a prayer and her car stopped safely. Now Emily has a renewed faith in praying.
Jed and his girlfriend were going out to a movie. They spent an hour getting nicely dressed up. They got in their car and began to drive. They turned on the radio and heard the theater was closed from rain. The couple turned around and went back home.
Catherine grabbed her coloring books. She enjoys coloring to unwind. She spends hours coloring swirls and pictures. She does a good job staying in the lines. Catherine is happy with the picture she colored.
Hector decides he needs to do more reading. A friend recommends a novel for Hector to read. At first he finds it boring. However, eventually Hector enjoys the novel. He is happy to be reading more.
Ella wanted to enter a singing contest. She wrote her own song. Then she designed the music. She performed her song in the contest. Sadly, Ella didn't win.
Wayne wanted to save some money. He had cut many things from his bills. He didn't want to cut cable. His wife talked him into it. Cutting cable saved him lots of money every month!
I decided to write the Great American Novel. I went out and bought some new pens and notebooks. I sat down at my desk, pen poised above paper. All I could think about was buying pens and notebooks. I turned on the TV.
It was Kia's first Thanksgiving away from home. She was a freshman in college and her family was on the other coast. But then her whole dorm decided to make dinner together. Kia helped with the preparations happily. She was happy to Thanksgiving with her new friends.
Mary's first act as Fall Carnival Chair, was recruiting a committee. She had begged, cajoled, and threatened her friends into volunteering. Here they all were for their first planning meeting. After some spirited discussion, the group had an ambitious plan set. Mary finished the meeting confident with and excited for the carnival.
Jane wanted to learn to ride horses. She joined a horse riding club. On her first day of practice she fell off the horse. She kept practicing for three months on her skills. Jane is now a well known experienced horse rider.
Mel lived paycheck to paycheck and money was always tight. He paid his monthly bills on time but had very little cash left over. One fateful month, he was forced to take his car to the mechanic's. Mel panicked when he learned the car needed a new transmission. Given Mel's situation, the mechanic agreed to work out a payment plan.
Mario worked at macy's. He was terrified of rats. One day he was working late at night. He saw a rat. Mario nearly passed out.
Back in the early 2000s I was opposed to text messaging. People butchered their messages just to save a few characters. As mobile devices advanced, people went back to full-length messages. Now I love using text messages as a quick email alternative. In fact, I would go so far as to say I find them indispensable now.
James moved into a new apartment. He had a big fly problem. Especially in summer. He decided to try different remedies. They worked out well for James.
Stacy was a straight A student. She was never good at sports however. She had to join a team for her college applications. Stacy joined the soccer team and tried to not do much. The coach knew her plan and placed her on the bench the whole season.
Mary was interested in dining at a new restaurant in town. She had called for weeks to try and get a reservation. After weeks of calling she was finally able to get a table. Mary ordered chicken and rice and received her chicken under-cooked. Mary was disappointed and left a bad review.
Bill was walking home from school one day when he saw another student. The student crossed the street and confronted Bill. He asked Bill why he stole his lunch money. Bill explained to him that he didn't even know who he was. The student apologized and said that he thought Bill was someone else.
Nancy decided to walk out of the shoe store. She realized that she left her purse on the counter. However, she couldn't find it after looking in the store again. The cashier told her that she didn't see where it went. Nancy was mad and walked away.
Joey has wanted to have a pet cat for a long time. He decides to get one. He gets a can and names it spot. Joey loves his new cat. He is glad that he finally got a new cat.
She found a design she really liked. She had her house key made to look like mickey mouse. She called it her Mick-Key. Everyone in the family just laughed at her. She always knew where her house key was.
Last week I had to put my pet to sleep. It was an unbearably sad day. I took Lily to the vet as they did their duty. I broke down in tears. I ended up having a funeral for her.
Sara pointed to a red ball in the bottom of the bin at the store. I decided to buy a ball for her. I picked a pretty purple one that was easy to reach. Sara screamed very loudly and everyone was looking at us. I dug the red ball out from the bottom and Sara was happy again.
When Miranda was a child, she went to summer camp. She made lots of friends and gained self confidence there. When she became a teenager she was too old to go to camp. She became a camp counselor instead. Now she helps girls gain confidence every summer.
Jon kept a loaded gun in his house for protection. He hid it in his bedroom. One day, his two sons found the gun. They decided to play with it. One son accidentally shot the other son.
Kate had a flat tire by the side of the road. She noticed a cop car pull up. At first she thought she was in trouble. Then the cop offered to help with the tire. He changed it out for her.
Patty was stained and dirty. She had been coloring easter eggs all evening. She liked to do tie-dye and neon eggs the most. When they were dry, she put them in the fridge. She was excited to hide them for her kids!
Steve had an exam coming up soon. A lot of his friends were in that class as well so they studied. After studying they'd hang out for a bit and relax. On the day of the exam they all met up and studied one more time. All of them passed and had very good grades on the exam!
Megman Dregman was a bad chef. He had lied to get his job. The local critic came to sample food from him. Megman burnt the water trying to boil it. The whole town bullied Megman after the critic's article was released.
I've always been shy, and I could never bring myself to be social. I'd shake in fear as I'd approach a new group of people I didn't know. But one day, I was finally sick and tired of being so unhappy. I approached them, and began to conversate and they all liked me. Sometimes you have to scatter your seed in order for things to grow.
Linda finally put baby for a nap. She needed a break. She quietly left the kids room. The floor squeaked. The baby woke up.
Hershel found a ten dollar desk on a local buying and selling website. He went to pick up the desk. The cheap desk fell apart as he loaded it into his car. Once home, Hershel set about repairing the desk. Ultimately the desk lasted him for a year before structurally failing.
Tom was a college student. Tom moved into a new house with new roommates. One of the roommates played the guitar for Tom. Tom had never heard the guitar played so well. Tom enjoyed hearing his new roommate play the guitar.
Mike went for a long run. He forgot to bring water with him. Half way through the run, he saw a water fountain. The water fountain was broken. Mike was unable to finish his run.
All of Jon's friends said he should lose some weight. But Jon liked his life exactly the way it was. He didn't like exercising or eating healthy. So he chose to find new friends like him. Now he's a lot happier with people who don't tell him what to do.
Jana didn't want to attend the movies with Eric. She pretended to be ill. Eric canceled their movie date. Jana secretly agreed to go shopping with her cousin. She was very embarrassed running into Eric at the mall.
Marsha is talking on her phone. She is also using the toilet. As she gets up off the toilet her phone slips. It falls into the toilet. Marsha has ruined her Cell phone.
Susie loved chocolate. So she got a box. She then decided to go and eat it. It tasted bad. She was not happy about it.
My boyfriend had to fix my car. It started making a bunch of noises. He is usually pretty good with cars. He looked the car over. He found the problem that needed to be fixed.
Gina was interviewing for a job at a bank near her home. The manager had a lot of questions. But Gina was ready for them. She answered his questions expertly, and professionally. She was pleased the interview was going so well.
Rick had just recently gotten a smart watch. He was waiting for his train. He tried to check the time but couldn't. His smartwatch was out of battery. Rick ended up missing his train because he didn't have the time.
Greg was in his room playing. He wanted to see out the window but was too short. He dumped his toys out of the bin they were in. Then he turned the bin over and tried to stand on it. Unfortunately the plastic snapped under his weight.
Stan collected comic books. He had left his collection in a box in his room. Stan's brother went into his room. He got peanut butter on one of his favorite comic books. Stan was very mad at his brother.
Amy's coach finished a pep talk. The girls stood up and walked out to the court. Amy was excited and ready to play. In a huddle the coach chose the first string girls. Amy was disappointed she wasn't chosen to play.
I put some thumbtacks outside my buddy's door in the dorm. I knocked on the door. He swung the door open, stepping right on the thumbtacks. He screamed in pain. I realized at that point this prank was just going too far.
Donald walked through a parking-lot with his son. Suddenly, a car backs up and almost hits Donald's son. Donald slammed his hands on the car and screamed, watch out! The Driver got out and told Donald to watch out! Donald punched the driver and choked him until he passed out.
Lenny was driving an old car. It broke down on him at least twice a week. He had told his parents about how bad his car was. One day his father surprised him with a new car. Lenny couldn't believe his luck!
Veronica yelled out her cat's name from the window. She got the can opener in order to feed it as he hadn't eaten yet. She looked up after the food was in the bowl and she saw Snuggles. He had impeccable timing, only showing up the moment food was ready. She petted him behind the ears as he ate.
Mary was very sick. She was in the hospital in poor condition. Her family decided to pray for her. They all came to her room and surrounded her. Together they prayed that she would get better.
The stage was set and the lights were lowered. A single spotlight shone on the wooden dance floor. The dancers emerged out onto the floor looking beautiful. The music began, it was a tango. They moved with such grace, they were sure to win the competition.
One day Allison and her three friends were driving home from a fair. It was late at night and the road was extremely dark. All of a sudden she heard a pop and the car began to swerve. Instantly Allison knew she had a flat tire. The four of them worked as a team to change the tire and get home!
I used to procrastinate about studying. One time, I fell asleep when I meant to study for a test. I failed the test horribly. I was so embarrassed. Now,  I  never procrastinate studying.
Marsha loved swimming in her pool at night. It was very relaxing. One night, Marsha heard a lot of squeaks. Then, she felt something touch her hair! She looked up, and saw it was a bat!
Mary and her boyfriend, Mark, went to a wedding. While the bride and groom exchanged vows, Mary cried. Mark snickered because Mary was crying. Mary playfully slapped his leg, and Marked laughed uncontrollably. Mary and Mark were banned from the wedding reception.
Tim found mushrooms growing in his yard. He picked the mushrooms. His mother saw him and yelled at him to throw them away. Tim had picked poison mushrooms! Tim learned never to touch mysterious fungus again.
Fred is responsible for finding a venue for his wedding. He is looking for a place that is intimate but modern. At first it is difficult to find a place in his price range. Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect. Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together.
Angela and her mother were going to a vineyard. Neither of them had been to one before. They got there and were very excited. They walked through the fields looking at grapes. It was a nice day for the both of them.
Tim liked football. He was watching a game on the tv. His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game. Tim looked at his wife is disbelief. They both started laughing at how silly his reaction was.
Nick got the chicken pox from a classmate. He was itchy and miserable! His mom kept him covered in calamine lotion. Soon the itching began to subside. Finally, Nick recovered from the chicken pox.
Cindy was baking cupcakes with bunny faces for an Easter party. But she was not an experienced baker. When her cupcakes came out of the oven, the bunny faces were deformed. And Cindy was too embarrassed to take them to the party. She secretly ate all of the cupcakes on her own.
Terry went to the car dealership and bought a new car. He was so excited as he drove it home. As he approached the intersection, someone else ran into him. It was a horrific car crash and Terry ended up in the hospital. Terry's car was ruined, but he was thankful to be alive.
Morgan was standing patiently. SHe had a new dress that was being altered. The seamstress was the best in the business. She worked carefully and soon the dress was ready! Morgan twirled around and smiled at her reflection.
Tina was always alone at school. She tried to make friends, but to no avail. One day, a new student came to the school. He was always alone too and no one wanted to play with him. Tina and the new student started playing together and had fun.
Jean was a great Pianist. She took lessons from only the best. Her lessons paid off when she signed up for Juilliard. She received a letter of acceptance to the school. Jean knew her life had just begun.
My coworker Fred just died this week. He was at least 80 Years old. Fred was a butcher before joining the transit authority. He was already 65 when he joined. I plan to attend his wake.
Foster lived in a large home by the sea. Despite not being able to swim, he longed to explore the waves. Foster hired a swimming instructor to teach him how to swim. After a year of training, he finally took to the water. Foster swam all day before leaving the waters.
Graham was trying to get to sleep. Suddenly, he felt something painful. He jumped up and saw a red mark on his leg. He knew it was a bite, so he began searching through his blankets. Suddenly, he saw a spider scurry off into the wall.
Emma was on the bus. Suddenly, some kids started to make fun of her. She confronted them. They had found a blog that her mom was writing with stuff about Emma. They teased her about it and Emma was mortified until she could leave.
Matt sat wondering what time it was. He looked at his wrist, only to realize he wasn't wearing his watch. He looked around, searching for someone who could tell him the time. Unable to find anyone wearing a watch, he sighed in defeat. He looked up at the wall and discovered a clock right in front of him.
Scott walked into the store to buy himself a soft drink. A sign clearly stated a no shirt no service policy. Scott did not have on a shirt. He took an old newspaper and wrapped it around himself. They sold him the soft drink.
Keith saw his opponent running towards the end zone. He tackled him with all of his might. Keith stopped the player from getting a touchdown! Keith's team cheered and celebrated. It was such an exciting game!
Christine wanted to make her own Candy Cane's. Christine looked for a simple Candy Cane recipe. After gathering the ingredients, Christine started the process. Once made, Christine let the candy cane's harden. Christine was pleased with the outcome of her candy cane's.
Charles shoelaces were always trailing united behind him. He just could not get the trick of how to tie the bows. Mom gave up after he tripped over them into her newly baked cake. Mom and Charles took a trip to the shoe store. Charles was very happy when Mom bought him shoes with Velcro straps!
I attended a Taekwondo tournament. I was only a yellow belt and didn't have much experience. I got into the ring and fought against a person twice my size. I ended up hitting him and dodging all his blows. I was awarded a gold medal for my performance.
Maria had a birthday party. She was turning 21. All of her friends came to the party. They had a really good time. Maria was glad she was turning 21.
Bob went to his favorite restaurant. He ordered the chef's meatloaf special. Bob ate the meatloaf and felt nauseous after. He got sick and deduced it was food poisoning. That restaurant was no longer Bob's favorite.
Polly was tanning on the beach when she found a bottle on shore. She opened it up and found an old letter. The letter said it was from a pen pal who wanted to find a friend. Polly wrote to the address and waited. She never received a letter back.
That's a very long bridge, John thought. As he approached the bridge, he started to count. One one thousand, two one thousand, he counted. At the end of the bridge, he already lost count. John was easily distracted by the beautiful view of the water.
We were excited to be flying to Toronto for our first Indian wedding. Our fancy Indian clothes for the events were in our checked luggage. Both of our flights were smooth and landed early. After going through customs we went to collect our luggage. So much for landing early because our luggage arrived 2 days later.
Bill and Amy were together for 5 Years. Amy noticed Bill acting different one day. She decided to snoop in his social media account. She found out he had been cheating in her! She ended it quickly and broke up with him.
This month is Chanel's 21st Birthday. She wants a grand party with family and friends. As the day approaches, a hurricane is scheduled to arrive. Upset and angry, Chanel went into panic mode about her party. When the day arrives, the hurricane passed and she enjoys her party.
Bob wanted a car of his own to drive to work. Bob began saving money from his paycheck to buy a car. Eventually Bob saved enough money to buy his very own car. Bob went to a local car dealership and browsed the inventory. Bob found a car he liked and bought it from the dealership.
Emily was thirsty. She wanted to get a glass of water. Emily went to the kitchen. She got a glass. She filled the glass with water.
Thunderstorms are common during the summer in Arizona. One hot evening I on the phone as the storm grew heavy. I was startled by the loudest bang I had ever heard. My sister told asked what the noise was. Discovered a bolt of lightening struck just outside my window.
I once went to the market to get some food. I shopped all around for the best food. When I went to the produce area I saw a beautiful green cucumber. It was the most beautiful cucumber I had ever seen so I bought it. It happened to also be the best tasting cucumber I have ever eaten.
Sarah needed to sell cookies for her school band. So she went door to door in her neighborhood to sell cookies. She made five sales on her first day. It was not enough so she worked in other neighborhoods. She made thirty sales which was enough.
It was Media Day and Amy's class went to the library. The library had a small computer lab. Half of the class was allowed to visit the computer lab at a time. Amy crossed her fingers and hoped to go in the first group. Amy was sad she wasn't picked to go first.
Drew opened all the windows to his house. He turned off the air conditioning. He was determined to stop wasting so much electricity. The night passed and Drew couldn't sleep in the heat. He relented and turned back on the air conditioner.
Jane wanted to purchase a new car. She looked online at cars near her home. She went to the lot to purchase a sporty Volvo. Amy was disappointed to find the car she wanted was sold. The nice salesman found a similar car for a better price for Jane.
The car accident was a bad one. Dan ended up with a severe head injury. He was in a coma for several weeks. When he opened his eyes, he did not know his family. Dan had lost his memory due to the head injury.
Jen is trying to quit smoking. She spends too much money on smoking and it's bad for her. She asks around for the best way to stop. She decides to try this gum to assist her in quitting. Within a month she is down to just one cigarette a day!
Tim was very political. He decided to take part in a big protest. It was cracked down on by the cops. Tim was tear gassed and arrested. He was proud of his efforts.
Ted hated onions. His mother tried to get him to eat them. He would spit them out. One day she grilled them with peppers. Ted tried it and loved onions from then on.
Tim wanted to send some flowers to his girlfriend. He ordered the exact ones she liked. Tim's girlfriend never received them. Tim called to ask what happened. The flower shop apologized and threw in extra flowers for free.
Jane had to be at work very early the next day. She set her alarm and went to sleep. She woke up and saw the sun shining through the window. The alarm was set for 6:00 am and it should still be dark out. Jane looked at the time and it was 8:00 am and knew she overslept.
Today's a big day for me. It's the last day that I can take my final test. this test isn't so hard I thought as I was taking it. I was so nervous as I waited for my result. The teacher called me into the room and showed me my perfect score.
Steve felt so unlucky lately that he gave up hope. After losing so many games in a row he felt so down. He started practicing more and more. After awhile he started winning more games. Steven felt a lot better after winning games!
Frank loved watching football. Every Sunday, Frank would retreat to the basement to watch football. While in the basement, Frank would watch the game on several screens. Frank would cheer on his favorite teams as well. Frank enjoyed his Sunday's watching football games.
Frank had waited for football season all year. On the night of the first game of the season, he watched all the games. He loved catching up with what the teams were doing. Frank was excited for a great season. He would sit and watch the games each Sunday.
I went to a used car dealership to shop for a car. The salesman offered me a test drive. We got into a Mazda 6. During the drive the salesman became vulgar and obnoxious. I drove back immediately, disgusted with the experience.
William was having a hard time walking because of his bed knee. He was more worried about his dogs than himself. He was upset they weren't getting as much exercise as they should. He remembered his friend had started a dog-walking business. He hired his friend and both William and his dogs were happy.
Jon was competing in the talent show. He was doing a juggling act. He did well, but others did well too. Jon was not sure if he would win. Then they announced that he had taken first prize!
Fernando missed seeing his best friend from college. Since they had graduated, Fernando had not seen his friend. One weekend he drove to Montana to see his old college friend. They shared college memories over a beer. Fernando was happy that he visited his friend.
Linda loves clowns. She desperately wanted to go to the circus. On her birthday, her parents took her to the circus. She had a wonderful time. The clowns were wildly hilarious.
Max's eyes were red and watery. He'd been playing a video game for nine hours straight. His mom told him to go to sleep. He snuck back into the living room and played more. Max wanted to play until he beat the game.
There used to diaper boxes that were shaped like big legos. When I was a kid, I would use them to make forts. Now I'm trying to find them for nostalgic reasons. I find out that they're not financially available anymore. It turns out that my parents still have my childhood collection.
Ron and Tim are teenage brother having a prank war. after a week of pranking each other they call a truce. Ron thought the truce was really a prank while they were watching TV. Ron made popcorn for Tim and put sugar in the salt shaker. Tim seasoned the popcorn but tasted the sugar on the popcorn after.
I arrived at the festival. There were a group of band performers on stage. One of the speaker boxes exploded into flames. Everyone jumped out of the stage. The festival was cancelled.
Herb was recently diagnosed with Diabetes. He checked his blood sugar for the first time today. He pricked his finger with the lancet and started to bleed. He put his lancet in the machine. He recorded his glucose level
Dan was always schooling people on the basketball courts. He always said he schooled so hard he should be a principal. One day he decided to live up to his word and found his own school. But he discovered that out you need permits and such to open a school. So instead Dan just kept schooling people on the basketball courts.
I placed a bag of popcorn into the microwave. I only heated the bag for several minutes. After 3 minutes, the bag exploded. Several burnt pieces of popcorn landed in the microwave. I had to throw everything away.
Nia loved tigers. Her room was covered in tiger posters. Nia read over a hundred books about tigers. Her parents decided to surprise her with a safari for her birthday. On safari, Nia was able to see a tiger in real life.
Yasmine was going into labor. She needed to take a cab to the hospital. Unfortunately, the cab wasn't running at that hour. Yasmine did her best to wait. As soon as possible, she called a cab and made it to the hospital.
Brianna loved the beach. She could stare at the ocean all day. She liked to splash in the surf and feel the ocean breeze. She laid in the beach chair for an entire day. Brianna felt relaxed and happy.
Tim had a favorite restaurant. It was shutting down soon. Tim wanted to go one last time. He got friends and stayed there for a while. It was a nice sendoff that Tim enjoyed.
Alaina was a very sleepy baby. She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her. Her mother really wanted to take a shower. She put Alaina down in her crib. Alaina began to relentlessly cry for her mother.
Jackson could not wait to get his new phone. He ordered it online the minute it came out. When he got home from school, it was waiting in the box. However, when he opened it the screen was shattered. Jackson was so disappointed he had to send it back.
Trina used to have a lot of energy and was always on the go. She began to notice that she was becoming extremely fatigued. The Doctor diagnosed her with anemia and prescribed her iron pills. Trina took the iron pills and immediately couldn't breathe. She was rushed to the ER where they told her she was allergic to iron.
Kayla was trying to come up with baby names for her baby. Every name she came up with, her husband disagreed on. Kayla asked him for a list of acceptable names. Together they reached a compromise. Now Kayla had a baby name they both liked.
Lori dog Checker liked to chase after the mail man. One day he chased the mail truck around the entire block. The next day the dog managed to jump inside the mail truck. Lori had to run after the mail truck to stop it from driving off. Lori now keeps the dog inside whenever the mail truck is near.
Sheena is from Nebraska and has never seen the mountains. I decided to take Sheena for a drive in the mountains. I picked her up this morning and we headed out. She was amazed by how beautiful the mountains are. Sheena says she is moving to the mountains next year.
I played soccer in middle school. One of the fields had grass patches. It was hard to predict which way the ball would roll. We there twice. The second time was the last game of the year.
Shawn is eating his favorite candy. Shawn starts feeling sick. Shawn lays down. Shawn gets up to vomit. The candy made him sick to his stomach.
The thunder sounded and Kai rolled over in his bed. He didn't like the thunder it made him scared. He lay in the darkness broken by intermittent lightning. His mother came in and put her hand on his back. Kai felt comforted and fell asleep.
They couldn't decide where to move. They wanted a state that provided what they needed. They definitely didn't want to live in the south anymore. They looked and thought for months. They ended up picking Colorado.
Jay was going to buy fast food. He couldn't find his keys to the car. He looked everywhere in his apartment. Eventually he got so frustrated that he ordered pizza instead. Then he noticed they were in his pocket the whole time.
Henry rode his skateboard in his local skateboarding arena. He went to the top of a ramp and drove to the bottom. He ended up slipping on a crack in the middle of the ramp. He fell on his face and ended up with a concussion. A few people in the arena took him to the hospital.
Tom was accused of stealing at work. They claimed he took money from the register. Tom swore he didn't do it. They told him they would call the cops if he didn't quit. Tom was too afraid not to quit.
McKevin needed a book trailer to promote his newly completed book. He discovered he needed a voiceover artist quick, fast and in a hurry. Nelson searched the internet for a voice talent artist. Nelson found a voiceover artist through the Google search engine. Nelson and the voice artist completed a bestselling book trailer.
I went on a hike one morning by myself to have some time alone. I brought along a lighter, planning to make a fire to stay warm. I gathered grass and wood together into a pile. I struggled to light it for half an hour. I gave up and got a torch, realizing my woodsman skills are lacking.
Joy was visiting Disneyland with her family. She saw a woman painting people and asked about it. When she learned that she could be painted she signed up. She had to sit still for a long time so she could be drawn. When it was done, Joy loved the painting so much.
Tina loved her smartphone. She would always be glued to it. One day she noticed she had neck pain. She went to the doctor. The doctor told her to stop using her smartphone as much.
Steven had a huge addiction. He was addicted to hot sauce. Every day he would consume gallons of hot sauce. He found the spiciest pepper in the world. Steven never again tried hot sauce after eating the pepper.
Archie put on his new clothes for picture day at school. On his way to school he stopped to pet a puppy. Now Tom had to run to school because he was late. He tripped and fell into a giant mud puddle. Tom's school picture didn't come out too good!
Neil was traveling in Bulgaria. He wanted to see the old castles and ruins. He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there. In a few weeks, he had seen a dozen ancient castles. Neil was blown away by the beauty of Bulgaria!
Kathy's grandparents passed away. Kathy found a bunch of old photos in their attic. The photos were faded and damaged with age. Kathy took them to a photo restoration company. She got the old photos repaired like new.
Jon had all his spelunking gear ready. He was excited to explore the cave. The rocky tunnel was dark and damp, full of bats and bugs. Deep inside, he discovered a new species of cave-dwelling fungus! His discovery was published in biological journals worldwide.
Eric loved helping others. Eric went to pick corn early one morning. He wanted to feed the hungry people in his community. So he handed out corn to people all afternoon. By the evening no one in his town was hungry.
I was walking on the beach the other day. While I was walking I saw a cool dog. I asked it's owner if I could play with it. The owner said yes. I threw a frisbee with the dog for hours.
Becky needs it. She wants to be a big star. She decided to pick up and move to hollywood. Becky auditioned for her very first movie role. Becky got the role and is on her way to be a big movie star.
I'm a youth leader for a local church and absolutely love my job. This past weekend I escorted 15 teenagers to a town three hours away. We were on a long-awaited youth trip that would last for four days. We had planned, raised funds and looked forward to this specific day. It was finally here and we had an amazing time!
Two kids began digging a hole in their backyard. They started with their hands and upgraded to shovels. People asked why the dug but they didn't answer. Weeks went by and the hole was 100' deep. The kids kept digging until they ran out of ground to dig.
Jeb was bored at home. He decided to make an earthquake. He shook the kitchen table. Everything fell down and broke. Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again.
John was in desperate need of money. He decided to break into a store at night and steal cash. John tripped the burglar alarm at the store he broke into. The police arrived at the store and arrested John. John went to prison for 4 years for burglary.
Dakota was a senior in high school with good grades. Dakota sent an application to her favorite college. She waited for a letter of reply from the college. One day she went to the mailbox and she found a fat envelope. She opened the envelope and was thrilled she had been accepted.
Kelly and her friends went on a trip to Dubai. The girls were so excited. The only problem was the long flight. The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours. They couldn't wait to land.
Sam had always wanted a dog. He decided to get a golden retriever puppy. On the way to the breeder he saw a puppy on the side of the road. He stopped and saw it was a stray dog. He decided to keep this dog and adopt him.
Bea begged her mom for a puppy. Bea's mom gave her a fern instead. Her mom said that if Bea took good care of the fern, she'd get a dog. Bea forgot to water the fern for a whole week. Bea has to practice responsibility with a cactus until further notice.
Lisa had a nice pond outside her house. She decided to be exotic and adopt a dove. She adopted the dove and put it in her pond the next day. The dove was very sad and lonesome without a playmate. She adopted another dove and her first one fell in love instantly.
One day I came across a tea house. I had never been to a tea house, so I decide to see what it was like. When I stepped through the doorway I couldn't believe my eyes! There were so many types of tea I wanted to try them all. I bought a pot of tea and ever since then I have gone back every day.
Samantha had 5 voicemails on her phone when she woke up. They were all from her ex-boyfriend. Samantha called the number back. Samantha told her ex-boyfriend she did not want to talk to him. Samantha blocked his number.
Phoebe was with her new boyfriend. They were watching a movie but both were thinking of kissing. Since they hadn't kissed before it was rather awkward. Suddenly, he jokingly kissed Phoebe. She decided to go all in and kissed him back for real.
I was at a pawn shop looking at all the old stuff. I came across a large harmonica, and decided to buy it. The man at the front gave it to me for ten dollars. I excitedly drove all the way home with it in my pocket. When I tried to play it, I realized it was broken.
Andrew was trying a new recipe. He had pork chops marinating in the fridge. He grilled them and served them with gravy. Everyone raved about the pork chops. Andrew said he would make them often in the future.
I love to go to an all you can eat buffet. My favorite buffet is the Chinese buffet. They have the best seafood you can imagine. I know I shouldn't eat a lot of the food. However, I cannot help it!
The nights were getting longer. The temperature started to drop. All the leaves on the trees began to change color. The leaves began to die. It was the beginning of fall.
He wanted to ask the girl out. He walked over to her locker and smiled. She stared back at him coldly. He asked if she would go out with him. She rolled her eyes and walked away.
Mark was heading to visit an out of state friend. The drive was going to be a long one. He stopped by a gas station halfway through. Mark bought a large cup of coffee. Mark was able to stay alert for the whole drive.
Lucy and her family went on a wilderness trip. Lucy was excited. But then she had no cell service. She couldn't talk to her boyfriend. Therefore she just left early.
Kate's mother in law was out of town. Kate decided to surprise her and redo her kitchen. Kate worked hard for one whole week. She painted, did a backsplash, and stained the cabinets. Her mother-in-law was so surprised when she returned.
Fritz was a car salesman. He worked 9-5 every day for the past 20 years. He was so bored, he craved a change. A customer asked him to stop by her restaurant. Fritz became a chef for a change of pace!
Tia found a newt by the creek. It was missing a leg! Tia took it home carefully. She put it in a tank and fed it. It flourished happily in its new home!
Gina was in a bad mood when she got to her desk. A new boy on the bus had taken the seat next to her. And he waited until the bus was empty to get off. As a result Gina had no time to eat breakfast in the lunch room. She hadn't eaten at home and now would be hungry until lunch.
Gina's family was driving out of town. Gina hated that she was missing school. But there was a death in the family. There would be lots of homework, and tests to make up. But Gina was a smart girl, and she knew she would catch up quickly.
Rick was baking a cake. While opening the oven door the handle came off. Rick panicked and contemplated what to do. He decided to glue and duct tape the handle back onto the door. After the glue dried the oven door handle stayed on.
Tim's father, Bob, loved to tell tall tales. Bob would claim involvement in great war heroics and wild adventures. Tim thought it was a bunch of baloney. Despite Tim's protests, Bob insisted they were all true. Tim vowed to find evidence that the stories were fabricated.
Jill and Roy decided to eat at an Indian restaurant. They were feeling adventurous. So they ordered extremely spicy lamb curry. It was so spicy that they cried through the whole meal. But they had no regrets.
`We were on field trip downtown. I told all of my friends that my grandmother lived close. No one believed me. So I took them all to her house. She was so happy to see us all.
Today I changed my Linkedin profile. I announced I was an mTurk worker. My connections thought I got a fancy new job. I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much. It was fun changing my posting though.
Bart loved stuff about airplanes. His girlfriend surprised him with tickets to a play. It was about pilots. He was very surprised. They had a great time at the play.
Ron was playing football outside with his friends. Ron tackled one of his friends. His friend fell and sprained his wrist. Ron and his friends decided to stop playing tackle football. They started playing tag football instead.
I was driving in the car with my friend. We drove past a field full of llamas. My friend saw one, and asked me what was wrong with that horse. I told her it wasn't a horse, but a llama. She felt foolish.
Teddy and his wife were on a trip. They saw an ad for a safari and decided to go. The safari was led by a tour guide. They saw so many different kinds of animals. Teddy and his wife had a fantastic time on the safari.
The coach changed the offensive playbook. The quarterback tried to learn it. He got confused during a play. He threw the ball to the wrong spot. The ball was intercepted by the other team.
Lilah loved ice cream. She would always order the same flavor. Vanilla ice cream was her absolute favorite. One day the shop was out of vanilla and she had to try chocolate. Chocolate became her new favorite flavor.
My wife babysat her 22 month old grandnephew Timmy today. Timmy was very active and ran around a lot. She gave him her sunglasses to play with. Timmy broke her sunglasses. Luckily it was a cheap pair.
Kelly was running down the street. She tripped over a crack in the sidewalk and fell. She broke her leg. Her mom sued the city for the faulty sidewalk. The city association covered all of Kelly's medical bills.
Kylie was watching television when an alert appeared. It told her that a tornado was coming! She gathered her family and took them to the basement. When it was over, their house had been destroyed. Still, they were happy to be alive.
The captain of the submarine decided to dive the sub. He asked his exec to clear the decks, The exec sounded the dive klaxon and the crew abandoned the deck. After the deck was clear the captain yelled DIVE! And moments after the command dive was given, the sub was under water.
Rick was at a restaurant. And he was curious about how all of the different items tasted. So he ordered way more than he could eat. And he forced himself to finish everything out of guilt. Rick tried to quell his curiosity the next time.
Veronica was about to perform in a skating competition. She was warming up when suddenly her blade broke. She was forced to wear a rented pair of skates for the show. They didn't fit well and she did a terrible job skating due to it. When she was done, she vowed to never skate without her own skates.
Robert always wanted to run a marathon. He found out that there was a marathon happening this summer. He decided to train all semester to compete in that marathon. On the day of the marathon, Robert suddenly fell ill. He figured there was always next time.
Tim was looking to sell his watch. He found someone online that was interested. He offered a good price for the watch. The buyer bought the watch from Tim. He sent it in the mail to the buyer.
Charles knew Lamar way back before he was a Rap star. Back then, Lamar couldn't rap. One day Lamar told Charles goodbye, Lamar was leaving to be a star. Ten years later, Lamar was the biggest rap star in the world. Suddenly, an artist came forth saying he wrote most of Lamar's songs.
Addiction is something I've fought through my entire life. As life progresses, the deeper rooted my addiction becomes. I find myself questioning if I ever want to break my addiction. Maybe my addiction must first break me. Until that day comes, I'll be here waiting for my calling.
Tom and Mary went on a vacation. They got into a boat and floated down a river. They waved at the people standing on the bank. They reached the bottom of the river. Tom and Mary had a good time.
Cornelius has always thought that sour flavors were gross. He decided he wanted to expand his culinary horizons. Cornelius decided to try eating pickles. He bought a wide variety of pickles and ate them all. While he didn't love the pickles, he was happy to have tried them.
Tom wanted to gain more muscle. He wanted to consume more calories. He downloaded an app that helped him. It pointed out calories in foods with good nutrients. Tom used it every time he ate.
Aline had trouble sleeping. She went to the doctor for examination. They told her she had Fatal Familial Insomnia. They informed her she had only a few months left to live. Aline cried and drove herself home.
Katherine felt something in her hair. She felt around and found a ladybug. She tried to pull it out carefully and set it free. The ladybug looked dazed but otherwise ok. Finally he flew off into the garden.
Susie was seeing tom. She rather liked him. They went on their first date yesterday. Susie was nervous. But at the end of the date he ended up kissing her.
Sam was at a fast food place. He got his food and drove home. Sam noticed all his food was cold. He called the restaurant and complained. They offered to replace his food and give him coupons.
Paula had a pet cat. She chose to never feed the cat. Paula also kept the cat in rude manner. One day, Paula fell asleep and left her front door open. Paula's cat escaped and never returned to her.
Lonnie had the biggest crush on Lorrie. Lorrie didn't know at the time. One day Lonnie got the courage to ask her out. Lonnie asked and she said of course. The two became best friends and married each other.
In 1993 I was wandering in the mall. I went to a music store. I chanced upon a jazz cd with an attractive woman on the cover. I bought it on a whim and loved the music. I go to the jazz singer's concerts all the time now.
My daughter's two year old child has a fish. She doesn't look at it very often. Last week the fish died. My daughter pretended that nothing happened. So far, her daughter has not said anything.
When Lana was pregnant, she was in a car accident. She was taken to the hospital for x-rays. Months later, the baby was born with a clubfoot. Lana sued the hospital for giving her x-rays while pregnant. She received a settlement, which she put aside for her son.
One day Jimmy and his friends went to the zoo. They got some ice cream on the way there. They got to feed the ostriches. On the way home, they stopped at Burger King for dinner. They agreed they all had a great day.
The people gathered in the woods. They were conducting an ancient ritual. It involved goats and bones and fire. When they were finished, they returned to their homes. They never let anyone know they met to conduct these rituals.
Jacob's puppy was sick. He took it to the vet. The vet said the puppy had a cold. He gave the puppy some medicine. The puppy recovered quickly.
Tim wanted the red ball in the toy store. His Mom refused to give him money for it. Tim decided to ask the neighbors if he could do chores. He mowed lawns and pulled weeds. He earned enough money to buy the red ball.
Nancy, an elderly woman, lived alone. Her daughter checked on her daily. One day, her daughter found her lying on the floor. She was rushed to the hospital. She was then transferred to a rehab center where she made friends.
Nate walked down the street and stopped at a random driveway. Someone was throwing away a lot of old junk. Nate looked through the junk and found some old boots. He tried on the boots and they happened to fit. Nate wore the boots all the way home.
Larry and his girlfriend go into an argument over money. Larry ended up pushing his girlfriend. The girlfriend called the police. The police came and arrested Larry for domestic violence. Larry went to jail.
I once picked up a garter snake off the ground. The garter snake swung its head around and bit my hand. I dropped the snake and shouted in surprise and pain. I ran to my mother, thinking I was poisoned. She said I would live, and gave me a spanking for playing with snakes.
Julian and his family were making Christmas cookies. He made one cookie that looked like his guitar. He was really proud of it and didn't want to eat it. Instead, his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it. Then, she hung it on a string and made an ornament.
Ron needed to purchase a car. He needed some cash for a down payment. He decided to have a tag sale. Ron sold a lot of his stuff that he didn't need anymore. At the end of the day he had enough money for a down payment.
On Thanksgiving Day Wendy made a scavenger hunt for her sons. The entire neighborhood participated. The boys followed all the clues. The last clue led them to a new puppy. The boys were happy with their new pet.
Joe wanted to go out to lunch to celebrate his birthday. He went with his friend at work to go to a nearby cafe. Joe and his friends sat on the patio and joked enjoying lunch. The sandwich had fresh ingredients and the fries very good. Joe was happy to spend time with his friend.
Can wanted to go to the annual city Beer Fest, but his wife didn't. Cam said the $30 tickets let you sample 30 craft beers-a great value! But his wife Ani knew that simply meant Cam would get drunk cheaply! Cam promised that this year he would not get drunk. Ani trusted him, and luckily, he kept his vow and they had fun!
Tina was an only child. Tina wanted a sister but her parents could no longer have children. Tina asked her parents if they could give her a sister. Her parents decided to adopt a little girl. Tina now had the sister she always wanted.
The teacher was discussing the reading and math test scores. I became scared when she told my friend that he failed. At last, she called on my name. She was amazed and recommended me to join the magnet program. I also received a small trophy.
Bob was starting the year at a new school. He did not know anyone in his class. The teacher asked all students to get out a pencil. Bob forgot to bring a pencil. Luckily the girl sitting next to him gave him one and smiled.
I grew up in Washington DC. I have always loved basketball and became a Wizards fan years ago. I was sure they would be a great team this year. They have struggled all year and won't make the playoffs. I may not watch much basketball next year.
Lauren is extremely superstitious. Yesterday she found a black cat in her backyard. She screamed and ran into the house, knocking over a mirror. Though scared, Lauren picked up the cat and drove it to a shelter. She hopes her good karma might offset any bad luck.
Ethan was a very naughty boy who loved to do naughty things. One day he put a blanket on his head and called himself a ghost. More specifically, he was the ghost of evil. He walked around his house with the blanket on his head being bad. Eventually, he got tired of being the ghost of evil.
Sam was driving to the coast. He took the wrong exit. He phone was dead. Sam did not know where to go. Luckily he was able to make a few circles and be in the right place.
Heinrich took off his glasses and sat them down in his lap. He heard the call for his next stop. He woke up quickly and jumped off the subway. As the train pulled away he remembered his glasses. They had fallen off his lap onto the floor.
Jack is on a trip to the grocery store. He is almost to the store when he hears a noise. It sounds like his engine is knocking. He pulls the car over to the side of the road. He checks out under the hood and calls for help.
Ron stormed into his wife's office. He had just found out about her affair. His wife's boss called security. The man was dragged out. They later worked out their problems.
Simon was never really good at math. He wanted to get better. His teacher told him to practice. Simon practiced in his free time, almost everyday. He eventually was better in math.
I yell at my kids all the time to put the toothpaste cap back on. Every time I go behind them I have to pick off the dried paste. I finally got fed up and told them I would take their toothpaste away. They thought I was joking for sure. So the next time they did it I took all the toothpaste to work.
Ann had a spelling test today. She was quite worried. She did not study. She figured she would fail. When she got the test she left it blank because it was too hard.
Last week I made some random purchases online. My bank account was frozen. I got an alert of suspicious activity. I called in and told them it was fine. I still had to re-order everything again though.
I played the best player from my school in a tennis match. I lost the first set six to two. I battled back to take the next set seven to five. The third set was really close the whole way through. I lost in an incredibly exhausting tiebreaker.
Lars was driving his humvee in the desert of Iraq. He hit a bump in the road and heard a loud explosion. He was thrown from the car. He looked down at his legs to see if they were still there. He was in one piece, but scared out of his mind.
Jill went out shopping with her friend Mary. Jill was currently jobless and couldn't afford much. Jill saw a pair of shoes she would love to buy. Mary saw how much Jill wanted them. Mary bought them for Jill as a gift.
Andy is an avid golfer. Andy decided to have a putting green in his backyard. Andy felt the green would be good to practice his golfing. In addition, Andy could save money by having his own putting green. Andy could not wait for the putting green to be ready for play.
Jimmy was playing outside with friends when they saw Ice Cream Truck. The boys ran up to the truck in delight with smiles on their faces. The menu on the truck was extensive and Jimmy got a popsicle. Jimmy sucked every last bit of the popsicle and his tongue was blue. He walked away with a sense of delight on his face.
Jake lost his car keys. He gave up looking and ordered a replacement. When he got the new ones he found the old ones. It was frustrating. He figured at least he had another spare now.
Herb and Millie had each outlived their respective spouses. They decided to marry even though they were both in their 80's. They thought they would have three or four years together. They enjoyed their time together and they keep plugging along. Now he is 99 and she is 97 and they still enjoy each other.
There are lots of Roadside choices when driving. Sandy decided to stop at a pancake place. She got the waffles and syrup. The waiters were nice. She left them a big tip and went on her way.
I wanted to use a pedometer to measure my walking. I bought one online. It did not record my speed. I found out it was because I walk very slowly. I am looking for a special pedometer.
Sue was tired of expensive bibs that stretched and weren't good. She decided that she could make a better bib that lasted. She went to the fabric store and bought the supplies she needed. She came home and using an old bib for a pattern, planned out the bib. She began to sew and made bibs that are much better than the others.
Tom was driving down a back road. He was in a convertible. Tom noticed a bear crossing the road. The bear noticed him. Tom slowly reversed away in fear.
Jen enjoyed knowing useless things. Her current hobby was dead soldiers from World War II. Jen wondered what it would cost to employ them all for an hour. She ran all the numbers and put them in a spreadsheet. Jen wasn't surprised when the answer turned out to be a lot.
Fixing dinner for autistic children is a challenge. They are picky about what they eat. Neither of them likes the same things. Sometimes they won't eat something they like Every night is an adventure.
Tom was out with friends. It was cold out and Tom realized he got a cough after. It kept getting worse after a while. Tom finally decided to get it checked. It turns out he caught pneumonia.
Christian has had a difficult day. He decides to try to relax by drinking a beer. Christian goes to a nearby bar. He has a beer there. He is glad to unwind after such a tough day.
I used to be in a relationship with Brandon. We reunited one time in Atlanta, and he was all over me. I was completely turned off, and left his presence. He stalked me by calling me a lot, until i talked to him again. I had to tell him, I'm just not that into him anymore.
Missy and two of her friends went on a girls weekend. They went out to lunch and went shopping. They came back to the hotel and got ready. They went out to a club and danced. It was a very fun weekend.
Tom went to the zoo to see the elephants. He had a peanut in his pocket. He'd always heard elephants loved peanuts. He threw it to the elephant. He ate it!
The Smith family has four little dogs. They run up and down the fence in the backyard barking at other dogs. When it rains they are in the mud and bring it in the house. Pam bought stones to line up along the fence and installed them. Now when it rains, the mud is left outside and not brought in.
William didn't like walking alone at night. He always kept a flashlight with him to see ahead of him. One night, he lost his flashlight while running away from someone. He jumped and cried as soon as someone tapped his shoulder. When he turned, he saw a policeman who was holding his flashlight.
Tim was waiting for his dad. His dad was bringing burgers. He couldn't wait. However his dad came home empty handed because he was broke. Tim decided he loved his dad anyway.
My dad gave my brother and I his old metal boat to play with. We turned it over on the grass. We filled it with water from a hose. We stripped down to our underwear and played in the boat water. Eventually we got tired of it and started putting goldfish in it.
Irma joined the school band. She wanted to learn to play the trumpet. She practiced at home every night. Her instructor said she was the best in the class. Irma got to perform a trumpet solo at the school concert.
The couple was planning a trip. They went away every year for their anniversary. This year, they decided to go to Jamaica. They were ready to relax on the beach. Their anniversary trip was their favorite time of the year!
Mister Smith's students would not stop talking. So Mister Smith decided he was going to give them a pop quiz. He told the class to each pull out a piece of notebook paper. He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers. He then collected the papers to grade that night.
My father called me to his side on his deathbed. He was barely able to speak. Sometimes he didn't even know where he was. He asked me to do take care of myself. Just before his final breath he said he was sorry.
It was night time in the Hastings house, and time for bed. The youngest did not want to go to bed. He was afraid of monsters being under his bed. His mother came into his room and checked under his bed. There were no monsters under the bed!
Thomas hurt his finger. It bled profusely. He wasn't sure if he should go to the hospital. He wrapped his finger in a towel. Soon the bleeding stopped.
Jim needed coffee every morning. But making it took him too long. So he bought instant coffee. And he more than enough time to make it. However, he missed the taste of real coffee.
Gina was just arriving home from school. It was a 3 day weekend. She saw her parents putting suitcases into the trunk. She stopped in her tracks and dropped her head. She knew this meant they were driving out of town.
Chad recently got a new job in a restaurant. However, Chad learned that he would have to get a shot. Chad has a fear of getting shots, but he needs the job. Chad took the shot, and it was not bad. Chad was glad to have the shot ordeal over.
My cat name is Andy. My dog name is Larry. Andy and Larry came from the animal shelter on the same day. Andy and Larry didn't like each other when they first met. Andy and Larry play with each other everyday, they are my best friends.
Charlie had a crush on Beth and wanted to ask her to the spring dance. Beth liked Charlie but already had a date for the dance. Charlie was nervous as he invited Beth to the dance. Beth told Charlie she had already been asked to the dance by Billy. Charlie asked Kate to the dance instead and she agreed.
My wife bought a loaf of bread on Monday. It came from a local bakery, and was very soft. Today, three days later, she found mold on the bread. I said the heat wave probably contributed to the quick growth. She bought a sandwich for lunch.
Tom got a new streaming service. He noticed his favorite old cartoon was on it. Tom binge watched every episode in two days. He watched it for hours on end. Tom felt bad about himself afterward.
As a child I would always procrastinate on book reports. The worst thing was that I procrastinated on the reading as well. Eventually there would come the final night before the due date. I would have to read as much of the book as possible. Then I would have to also write the entire report in that same night.
I was chilling right in the room. All the sudden I heard loud footsteps. They were very loud. I couldn't sleep. I had to wear headphones.
I was driving down the street one day. A red light came on, and I waited there patiently. Out of nowhere, a drunk driver in a truck slammed into my car. I wasn't hurt, but my car was totaled. I called the police and I safely made it home shortly after.
Lydia was cooking a meal for her husband. She got distracted by a cooking show. She added too much salt. The husband tasted it, and said it was delicious. Turns out her husband had no taste buds.
Sally is bored at home. Her husband is going to go fishing with his buddies. Her husband invites Sally to go fishing. Sally accepts the invitation. Sally has a fun time fishing.
I do volunteer work for a non profit group called Inti. The group runs a soccer and art school for poor kids. Today my director sent me a grant proposal to proofread. I made a few edits and returned the proposal. I hope we get the $35,000 grant.
My friends and I went shopping at the mall. My friend Pulled me into a store. I spotted a sweater that was beautiful. I tried it on and loved the way it looked. I bought the sweater.
Chuck's city held a festival to honor WWII veterans. He and some friends went to the event. They gave free rides on small engines planes at the event. Reluctantly, Chuck agreed to take a ride. Shortly after take off, the plane had a system problem and crashed.
I popped a bag of popcorn for my movie. I left the bag on the couch to grab a drink. When I came back the bag was gone. All that was left was a small trail of popcorn. It led me to a very guilty looking pomeranian.
Rita asked her big sister Macy if she could paint her toenails. Macy agreed. She did not think Rita would do a good job. But Rita ended up surprising her. She painted Macy's toenails just like a professional!
Sam decided to work out. He would work out all day. He would keep doing push ups. Soon, his whole body cramped. Sam realized that it wasn't healthy to work like that.
Brian was at a party. While he was drinking, he suddenly noticed his keys were gone. He panicked and asked everyone at the party. Turns out he left it in the car. He was able to get it back because it was unlocked.
Kenny is hired to be a cameraman. Kenny is asked to follow and record his boss's infomercial. Kenny is always showing up late and never on time. Kenny's boss finally gets tired of lack of production. He fires him and hires a new cameraman.
Gina always wanted to be a singer. She even took singing lessons from a vocalist. Once she perfected her voice she submitted tapes to studios. Her voice recording found its way online become a huge hit. She was offered a record deal from a big name studio.
Cohen wasn't doing good in school. His mom paid for him to get a tutor. The tutor helped Cohen understand his classwork. Cohen did better in his classes. He was able to pass his grade.
I invited Jane over to my apartment for dinner. I didn't have much money so I made spaghetti and Ragu sauce. When Jane arrived, she informed me she is allergic to tomatoes! I apologized profusely. We ordered Chinese delivery instead, and had a fun night together.
The leaves are starting to change color. I love the look of the different colors. I will go on rides to just to look at them. I take a lot of pictures. I love the fall season.
One day Paul found a bush with large berries. He was very tempted to eat them but he didn't. He picked one and took it to his dad to check out. His dad said it was safe to eat so Paul ate some. They were so good that he picked enough for the whole family.
Sam took his dog to the dog park. He was having fun at first. Then another dog started trying to attack it. Sam had to intervene. He took his dog home.
The first time I started to run regularly was in high school. I was unable to play basketball or any other sport well. I tried jogging around my neighborhood. At first, my endurance was low so I was constantly out of breath. After a few months, I eventually got better and ran my mile shorter.
My friend took a ride in her car with her sister. She lives in a rural part of Colorado. As she was driving, a deer ran in front of her car! Unfortunately, she struck the deer. Her car was ruined.
Sunny has had very bad allergies his whole life. When he was a kid he was pretty miserable. He was never able to have any pets and it made him sad. When Sunny was 24 he was able to be on better medicines. He was much better and was finally able to get his first dog.
Tom loved watching football. There was a big game he couldn't see live. It was when he had to work. Tom tried to record it to watch later. Unfortunately someone at work ruined the ending.
Andrea was not feeling well lately. She didn't know what was wrong and was worried. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor ran some tests and told Andrea that she was pregnant. Andrea was shocked but delighted to tell her husband the news.
Little Edward was a toddler that just wanted to play. His parents told him to not jump on the bed. Edward however, jumped on the bed. He fell over and bopped his head. So after, Edward actually started to listen to his parents.
Eileen just graduated from high school. She is researching what degrees to go for in college. She keeps finding that an engineering degree is worth the time. Engineers make a lot of money and there are numerous jobs available. Eileen decides to get an engineering degree.
The audience clapped their hands. At first the tempo was good. Some people became out of synchronization. The band stopped playing. The asked the audience to not clap.
Rachel wanted to make a new playlist of songs. She wasn't sure what genre she really wanted. I sarcastically suggested rap but she actually did make one for it! She spent a lot of time making the playlist but it was very good. When it was done I listened to it and it was very good!
Since he was a Senior in high school John was looking at colleges. His parents both wanted him to go to their old colleges. His sister wanted him to choose her school. John wanted to go somewhere with a beach. In the end he decided to go to college in California.
Farrah was driving home from school. A person was riding a bicycle in front of her. He continued to move slowly. Farrah looked away for a second. She didn't notice that he stopped and she ran over him.
I stood at the ramp and looked down the mountain. My heart began racing. The instructor said some encouraging words to me. I calmed down, and started down the ramp. By the time I got to the bottom, I was ready to go again.
Ethan went to the lake with his family. He did not want to get in the water at first. He was intimidated by the size of the huge lake. But then he saw other kids splashing and swimming gaily! That made Ethan smile and dive in to join them!
Matt and his girlfriend went on a trip. They brought a lot of food so they wouldn't get hungry. On the way to their destination, the bag ripped. Matt was upset. They went to a store and bought more food.
Jim's cat would not stop meowing. His cat was keeping him up all night. Jim decided to play with his cat. He also gave his cat some catnip. After a few minutes, his cat got tired and fell asleep.
Tom had plenty of tools. Over time he kept lending them out to friends. Many never returned them. Tom lost too many tools that way. Eventually he had to stop lending them out.
Marlene was put in charge of the school festival. She was chosen by the student council. Marlene lacked confidence that she would do a good job. During the event, Marlene demonstrated her great leadership skills. After the event, she was proud and more confident about herself.
I wanted to go meet some new people. I went by myself to a Mardi Gras Parade. People were dressed up on floats. It was very crowded. Out of all those people I made two friends.
A man was working in the field before dawn. He dropped his keys in the dirty and couldn't see. He waited for the sun to rise to look for them. The sun came slowly over the hills. When it was high in the sky he found the keys.
Kyle was feeling lonely. He had just recently broken up with his girlfriend of 2 Year's. He decided to go bowling with some friends. Kyle rolled 3 strikes in a row. Kyle was so happy spending his evening with friends.
A lot of people were complaining about VIP Auto. They were saying they had been ripped off. So a news station brought cars in undercover. Nothing was wrong with the cars except a loose battery connector. VIP was exposed when the average repair cost for each vehicle was 1k.
Andrew craved bacon and eggs for breakfast. He checked in his fridge and saw he only had eggs. So Andrew drove to the store. He got bacon from the grocery store. He cooked the eggs and bacon then eat them, he no longer craved them.
Jose wanted to take his crush to the prom. Unfortunately someone else had already asked her. Jose was heartbroken. His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead. Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends.
My wife is retiring next week. Her boss is on vacation next week. She posed with him for a photo. I was shocked to see how thin and old he had become. I had not seen him in years.
Candy was wedding dress shopping with her mom. Her mom and dad were going to buy her the dress. Candy fell in love with one dress that was wildly expensive. She begged her mom who almost refused. After enough thinking her mom agreed and they bought the dress.
Shirley brought a book to school and read in between class. Someone grabbed the book from her hand. The student insulted her for being a bookworm. Shirley got up from the chair and drop kicked him. She said she also was a taekwondo black belt.
Eric, an inspiring musician, wanted to make a living performing. A friend of Eric's told him to make an album, to pay for a tour. Eric spent over two years preparing an album that would sell well. The album wasn't a success but one song ended up becoming a hit. Eric was able to live off of the the success of just one simple song!
Sally knew her favorite show would be on at 9. She ran out to her car from work late. She drove kinda fast. She ran inside. She caught her show just in time.
Allie was working as a waitress after school. She needed the extra money. One day she got a massive tip. Allie could not believe it. It was worth $100.
My house had several trash bags stacked up. I picked up some of the bags and went outside to the trash can. While walking, I felt a sharp pain under my foot and dropped the bags. I looked under my foot, and saw a nail showed into my flesh. I went inside and pulled the nail out my foot and cleaned the wound.
Gina had a crush on Josh. She then found out so did her friend Tami. Tami had told all their other friends about it. Gina had been the only person who didn't know about it. Gina felt more than a little betrayed by Tami.
Devin loved Easter. Dying Easter eggs was his favorite. He liked to do glitter eggs and tie dye. He would put them in the fridge until it was time to hide them. He loved hiding them for his younger brother and sister.
Mika was remodeling her house. She decided to put new floor tiles in herself. It was a lot of hard work, and her knees ached afterwards. Her best friend came to visit, and complimented her work on the floor. In the end, she was glad to have done all that work.
Tom was eating dinner. The service at the restaurant was terrible. The waiter got their orders wrong and kept forgetting them. Tom was on the edge of complaining. INstead he just gave a bad tip and yelp review.
A man came to the local TV station with an odd request. He asked if he could be on TV and do whatever for 10 minutes. The producer agreed if he paid him $5,000. The man gave him the money and took to the stage. The man sang opera while dancing for his time.
The girls soccer team had been working hard all year. They were determined to go undefeated. At state they were facing their rivals. In the last shootout, they were tied. They ended up winning and became the state champs.
Edward was a professional football player. He was well-liked and very good at his position. Unfortunately during one game, he was struck very hard and passed out. The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died. Edward was glad to have survived, but scared it might happen again.
Briana was walking with her friends. Some boys had skateboards and she asked to try one. She started riding down a hill. Suddenly, she picked up way too much speed. She couldn't stop and she ended up falling and getting hurt.
Katey was pregnant with her first baby. She was so excited to become a mommy. Her blood pressure was too high. Her baby needed to be born early. Though tiny, her baby was born healthy!
Jack was furious. He had just put his buck in  the vending machine. When he pressed the button, his crackers got stuck. He charged the vending machine. The machine rocked back and forth then kicked out his crackers.
Jon learned how to build websites using a free tool. He started calling himself a programmer and soliciting freelance work. A client accepted his proposal and started discussing server needs. Jon didn't understand any of it, but limped capably through the talk. Jon later called a host and used his free site builder to do the job.
Bob saw the finish line coming up ahead. He heard the crowd cheering from the stands. This was it! This was the moment he'd spent years of his life training for! Bob zoomed across the finish line and won the race.
Our city tows our street on the fourth Tuesday of the month. We sit outside to see the towing begin. One day a two truck started to tow a car. The owner came running out of the building. Luckily, all she got was a traffic ticket.
Timmy needed to give a speech to his class. He was really excited about it. He practiced for hours. When the big day came he froze. He cried and ran off.
Every month I start craving chocolate and salt. The cravings get so bad I can't resist them. I end up eating chips and candy bars. Eating those things makes my stomach start hurting. Eventually the cravings go away.
Macy was getting really nervous for her big test. Her test was spread out over two days and was major. Although Macy had studied for many hours, she was still scared. Macy wonder whether she would do okay. Finally Macy did well when she ended up taking it.
Kate's mom had forced her to help paint the living room. Kate really didn't want to help. While moaning she knocked a pail of paint off a ladder. The paint spilled all over her shoulder and part of her head. She spent an hour cleaning paint out of her hair.
Every Christmas Eve Charlie and his family spent the night together. They'd sip hot chocolate with marshmallows and just enjoy it together. Until this year when Charlie took a sip of his hot chocolate. There were no marshmallows. Unacceptable, Charlie angrily stormed out ending the tradition
Emily and her friends went to New York City to celebrate the new year. They danced and cheered throughout the evening in Times Square. After the ball dropped at midnight, the crowd dispersed. With so many people around, Emily became separated from the group. She frantically texted and found her friends at a nearby bar.
I always wanted to go to Raging Rivers as a kid. We finally took a family trip there. When I got there, I went straight to the wave pool. It ended up being way too deep, with waves I couldn't handle! After that, I hated Raging Rivers and wanted to go home!
Leroy loved playing video games. He never wanted to go outside. Leroy's mother wanted him to go out and play. She took away his video games and made him go outside. Leroy found he actually did like playing outside after all.
I needed to get groceries yesterday. I walked to the store instead of driving. On the way, I thought about what I needed to buy. I took my list into the store with me. I bought everything on the list, and had trouble carrying it home.
Tim brought his cards to a friends house. He wanted to play with him. The friend looked at it in disgust. The friend did not want to play. Tim was upset.
Sara wanted a new puppy really badly. Every year at Christmas it was all she asked for. One day she heard an animal rustling in the garage. She thought it was her puppy and opened the door. A raccoon sprang out and Sara never wanted an animal again.
Joe was serving hamburgers at his restaurant. Joe worked very hard at his job. An angry customer decided to yell at him. Joe couldn't contain is cool any longer. Joe screams back at the customer and throws water in his face.
Drugs controlled my life at one time. I went to rehab. The people there helped me. We talked about what I wanted out of life. I am sober now.
Angela's aunt has five horses. Angela wants to ride one. She calls her aunt to ask if she can come over. Angela goes to her aunt's farm. They go riding together all day.
Kelly wanted to do a handstand. As soon as she did it however, her pants ripped. Kelley was embarrassed. She immediately ran away. She wanted no one to see that.
I noticed a merging sign several feet away on the highway. Since the traffic was horrible, I slowly tried to maneuver my car. A large industrial truck tried to turn on the same lane. We ended up colliding. Without a hesitation, he still decided to drive forwards and left me.
Bottled water was cheap in Ben's town. Then things changed. The town experienced a severe drought. Water became more expensive. Suddenly bottled water was not cheap anymore.
I put my hands in my pocket when they were cold. My fingers found their way to a hole in the pocket. I flipped out the pocket to observe the hole. I took out my sewing kit to patch it up. Once it was fixed I tugged on it to check for strength.
Kyle needed $300 more this month to pay his rent. He told his landlord that he'll paint the house in exchange for rent. Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store. When he was done he realized that the supplies cost him $300. Now Kyle was right where he started.
Xavier founded a special school for very special children. His marketing was second to none, and it was a blooming success. The whole community was shocked when Xavier was accused of bad deeds. He maintained his innocence, but was sent to prison anyway. Only after Xavier had died in prison, did the accusers recant.
Tonight we went to look at the stars. We drove to the observatory. When we got there we looked through the telescope. We saw Venus and Mars. We had a great time.
I was walking alone down the road. There was no food in my belly or money in my pockets. I went into a church to seek help. A woman in there sat and talked with me for a while. Then she helped me get home to my family.
Tommy Salami went to Costa Rica every summer. It was there that his family had an excellent home. Tommy liked the place because it was quiet, and secluded. One day the police knocked on the door of the home. Tommy went to jail because of all the drugs he had on him.
Hart swung his golf club. His trainer watched him swing. His trainer told him to slow the pace at the top. Hart tried the trainer's advice. His golf swing improved with that advice.
A snow leopard ran through the hillside. It was running fast, to catch a gazelle. The leopard caught the gazelle with ease. It fed on the gazelle. Afterwards, it ran away with a full, warm belly.
I fell asleep on the beach one day. The warm sun lulled me, and I slept for hours. Then I awoke to serious pain. I had been burned very badly! I vowed never to pass out on the beach again!
Shy and friendless, Gail was tired of eating lunch alone at school. One day she climbed over the schoolyard fence with her lunchbox. She felt free and excited as she walked into the shady trees. Finding a quiet spot, Gail shared her bread with birds and squirrels. A sweet lunch with wild friends, it was worth getting yelled at later.
Today I went to have lunch with my roommates. We had Chinese food. We all ate it happily. When the check came, we saw the price was very reasonable. We were very happy with our purchase!
Sam was heading a huge project at work. He often overlooked everyone and tried to do all the work on his own. Bill and Sonya talked to him, they told him he needed help on this. At first Sam objected, and they reminded him of teamwork. The project was completed successfully by the entire team.
Gerald wanted a new look. He picked out a snazzy bowtie. He wore it to work the next day. His coworkers all complimented him. Gerald felt very confident in his new tie.
Sunday was the day for the church pot luck dinner. Jason had brought a brownie cake that his mother made. Belatedly, Jason realized it was in the same pan he kept his hashish. He tried to get the brownies back, but he was too late. It turned out to be the most social church event ever.
June liked to practice yoga often. She went to the gym on Thursday, as was her routine. When she arrived at the gym, it was too crowded. June decided then to go to the park. June practiced her yoga at the park in a secluded spot.
I am in another state doing a job, sleeping on an air mattress. I never realized air mattresses were so good. I slept great in it every night. One day, it felt as if it were losing air. I soon discovered all it had a self pumping mechanism that I used.
Since infancy, Tom had wanted to be a pilot. As a teenager, he enrolled with the armed forces. They taught him many things and then gave him pilot training. Tom was able to fly his very own military plane. His childhood dream had come true!
Dan needed to compare songs for a qualification. The problem was the songs were in Spanish. Dan did his best to listen to them. Though he didn't speak Spanish he was able to get the gist. Dan got the qualification.
My Uncle Larry owns a drugstore. Yesterday, Larry decided to retire. He had a big sale at his store. Hundreds of people showed up for his last sale. The people were happy about the sale, but sad about his retirement.
Jordan was happy to go to Dylan's candy bar for the very first time. The entire store was filled with the most amazing goodies. Jordan immediately went over to the chocolate fountain to try it. The taste was impeccable. By the end of the day Jordan spent a hundred dollars.
Terry was walking down the road. Terry found a letter in the ditch. She thought it might be a personal letter, but read it anyway. The letter was an insurance paper. Terry tossed it back into the ditch.
Ethan really loved baseball. He decided to try out for a select baseball team. He went to many tryouts and played really hard. Ethan made three of the select teams. He decided to play for the Dominators.
Keith was watching his daughter play a softball game. His daughter was up to bat. She hit the ball hard. Keith's daughter drove in the winning run. Keith cheered loudly from the stands.
Tim really wanted steak for dinner. He stopped at the grocery store after work and picked one up to cook. As he opened the package at home he smelled something awful. The steak was rotten! Poor Tim had to return the steak to the grocery store.
Tony Tortellini wasn't a fan of muslims. He made disparaging remarks about them. In his hate, he named his pet dog Mahmoud. He thought it was hilarious, as muslims dislike dogs. Thankfully Mahmoud outlived Tony, and was adopted by a muslim couple.
Jim's teacher assigned his class a 500 word essay. It was due the next class period. Jim had already forgotten about the essay when he left class. When the next class came around, Jim did not have his essay done. He talked to his teacher and was able to turn his paper in late.
Melanie played guitar her whole life. She had always played blues or country music. She wanted to branch out and play something heavier. She went out and bought a bunch of heavy metal albums for research. She found that she was very fond of it and joined a metal band.
Ronnie was making great progress on his diet. He went home for thanksgiving and spent it with his family. He ate a lot of food during the holiday and the following days. Ronnie realized that all his progress had been erased by the eating! When he got back home Ronnie dieted even harder than before.
Emily became pregnant unexpectedly. She was 18 years old. Nobody treated her the same. She still decided to leave college to have her baby. Emily and her baby are very happy and snuggly without anyone else.
Feliks went to find a new pair of pants at the store. He looked everywhere, but nothing caught his eye. Suddenly, he spied the perfect pair of pants in his size. He realized they were on sale! Feliks was happy with his purchase.
Kelly was going to cook her first meal for her boyfriend. She was making pasta Alfredo for the first time. It was easy to make but she hoped he would like it. When her boyfriend tasted it, he loved it. She was elated.
Jasmine went to the fair after work. She mostly walked around watching people have fun. A worker there gave her an envelope and told her to open it. When she opened, it said she had won a new puppy. Jasmine told him she had enough bills and gave it back to him.
Katie could not wait to wear her new shoes. She had worked all summer to buy the perfect heels. They were hot pink with black polka dots. When she wore them she felt great. As soon as she put them on, her heel broke and Katie cried.
Sally went to the store to buy a new dress. She had her heart set on the blue one with ruffles. When she got to the store, the blue dress was sold out. They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it's place. Sally now has a new black and glittery dress.
Since infancy, Ari had suffered from night terrors. Sleep doctors finally tested him on a new medication. The drug helped Ari sleep - peacefully. After a few weeks, he had no more night terrors at all. Ari felt like a whole new man!
Gina didn't get a new Trapper Keeper. Her mother wouldn't spend the money. In class 2 more of her friends had new trapper keepers. Gina was the only one who didn't have one. She lied and told her friends they didn't' have any at the store.
Brett had become frustrated with his job. His co workers don't work as hard as he does. His boss also takes him for granted. Brett found another job at a better company. He left all the ungrateful people behind.
We live in the same building as my sister-in-law. She is a Section 8 renter while we are not. She claimed our water was colder than hers, but I did not believe her. An inspection found her pipes were mixed and the water was warm. I was amazed.
Tara was a high school student. She was very concerned with her appearance. She decided to begin going to a tanning salon. She wanted to be tan. She went every day and eventually became tanned.
Tim loved dancing in the street. His mother said it was dangerous. Tim didn't care. One day a car almost hit him. Tim never danced in the street again.
Tina and the girls decided to dye some shirts. They all got together after school to do it. When Kelly got there she dyed all the shirts. After she was done they looked great. The girls couldn't wait to wear them.
Sam was supposed to feed her friend's birds. They were on vacation and trusted her. The first day she noticed the cage door was loose. Instead of fixing it she opened a window and the bird escaped. Her friends were disappointed and upset.
Oscar was a five year old boy. One day he sneaked his Mom's phone into the bathroom. Oscar went to use the toilet and the phone slipped out of his hand. Oscar pulled it out of the toilet and rinsed it in the sink. Later, Oscar's mom was angry to find her phone was wet and broken.
Burt was very proud of his lawn. He watered it every day and kept it in pristine shape. That's why he didn't like his neighbor's dog who sniffed around. He booed him away and didn't often succeed. Until he gave him food and kept him at bay.
Charlie wanted to be the leader of the house. Liz thought she was more responsible. They decided to put it up for a vote. Everyone in the house voted as to who should be leader. Liz won the vote.
Pierre wanted to go on vacation. Every week he works 60 hours. He was growing very tired. He sent a vacation request to his manager. His manager rejected the request.
They had a bowling league that they played in every year. It was comprised of a bunch of friends of theirs that always played. But one year they were bowling really well. They thought they had a chance to win the championship. And in the last week they won the last game to win the trophy.
Mark liked a girl. Mark was afraid the girl didn't feel the same. So on valentines day he asked her to be his. She told him she would love to be with him. They kissed and became a couple on valentine's day.
Stan was sitting alone in his room, again. He never had anything to do. Today though, something came over him. He was inspired to entertain himself via his own imagination. He made a wonderland of his room and was never bored again.
Lonnie was a ghost hunter and wanted to go a haunted mansion. The mansion was the most haunted in Colorado. He walked around downstairs, and quickly heard screaming and yelling. He ran upstairs, and the door slammed behind him, with a scary laugh. He decided that was enough, so he turn around and ran out.
Jrue dealt with leg injuries throughout his career. He was finally healthy entering last offseason. He did a lot of leg strengthening exercises. He had a minutes limitation at the start of this season. He now plays heavy minutes without any issues with his legs.
Ted needed a job. His brother knew they were hiring at the shop he worked at. Ted filled out an application. He listed his brother as a reference. Ted got a call for an interview.
I have to go in for surgery next week. My hip is being replaced. It is very scary. I am worried it will not go okay for me. Luckily, I have a lot of family support.
Kelly decided to start a retirement account. Even though she had decades to go, she thought it would be nice. She bought all her favorite stocks. Kelly was thankful she had a nest egg. As it grew her nest egg increased.
Susan knew today was an important day. She would be taking her SATs today. She had prepared extensively and was ready. The test was placed in front of her and she began. She finished feeling good, confident that she did her best.
Tom's parents bought a new dog. The dog did not seem to like Tom. The dog would bark and scratch him. Tom complained about the dog. They end up bringing the dog back.
I enjoyed blowing bubbles with my nephew. He never learned how to blow them. He always blew too hard. I told him to blow as slow as possible. He finally took my advice and blew bubbles perfectly.
My baby was getting very fussy and I didn't know why. I tried to change her diaper but that did not work. Eventually I figured out that she was hungry. I bottle fed her for the next 20 minutes. After that she got quiet and fell asleep.
Lisa went laptop shopping yesterday. She went from store to store but couldn't find anything. Finally she found something at Apple. When she went home, it worked perfectly. She was thankful she bought it.
Jenna's class was going on a field trip to the local zoo. Jenna was given a permission slip to take home to her parents. Jenna's parents signed her permission slip so she could go to the zoo. Jenna brought the permission slip back to her teacher. Jenna had a fun time on her class field trip to the zoo.
Hazel and her friend Erica were going for lunch. They hadn't seen each other for many years. They were college roommates years ago. They were both so excited to see one another. They spent the whole afternoon chatting and catching up.
Harry got home from a long day at work. He really wanted to relax. He wondered how he should. He decided to turn on the tv. He watched the tv.
Robert enjoyed coming to his job very much. The one thing Robert did not like was his grouchy coworker. Robert's coworker complained about everything. One day Robert had enough of the coworkers constant complaining. Robert talked to his coworker and he agreed to change his ways.
The man went to a cafeteria. He got his lunch. He sat down by himself. A woman asked if she could sit down. The woman became a new friend.
Kara made her dad lunch for work. She tried her very best. But she forgot the mayo on his sub! Even though her dad really liked mayo, he ate the sub anyways. Then he told Kara it had tasted just perfect!
Maggie loved her iPod. She used it everyday. Thankfully it lasted many years. Then one day she broke it. She dropped it and that was that.
Larry was camping one day. He ran into several plants with bright berries. Larry decided to pick as many as he could carry. When he got back someone told him they were poisonous. Larry had to throw them out.
Ellen had never been to the sea shore. Then she went to visit her grandmother in Maine. She smelled the salt air and heard the cry of shore birds. She loved everything about the shore. Ellen wished she never had to leave!
Cindy and Jimmy use to work in the oilfield. They worked away from home. Their children did not want to move. Cindy and Jimmy got tired of being away from their children. They quit their job.
Tonight, I went to vendors for prices on cell service. I had a good conversation with Company A, company B, not so good. At store B, the sales rep was rude and short. I told both people waiting in line the prices for store A. The three of us walked out of BED and headed to A!
Yasmin went to the dentist in the morning. She hadn't been for at least two years. The assistant did x-rays on all of her teeth. The dentist informed Yasmin that she had 12 cavities. Yasmin sighed as she made an appointment for her first filling.
Missy was at her friend's house. Her friend wanted to ride four wheelers, but Missy was unsure. They didn't have any helmets which seemed dangerous. Missy decided to stay out of it, and watched her friend ride. Her friend ended up getting injured while Missy was safe.
Eileen went with her friend to a cake bingo. She sat down with her friend and got ready to play. The caller began to call the numbers. Eileen stood up and yelled bingo. She had won a lemon filled cake.
Dusty let his friends borrow his car. They returned the car with barely any gas. Dusty was upset, but filled his tank. Dusty's friends asked to borrow the car again. Dusty refused to loan them the car.
Landon loved being outside. He would put his fishing pole in the water and wait for a bite. He caught a huge bluegill and struggled to pull it out of the water. He took it home and fried it up. He was so proud of his catch!
Alison hates turtles. Allison's class went on a field trip to a zoo. They saw many turtles. Alison almost threw up from looking at the turtles. She was very glad when they left the zoo.
It was Valentine's day. Jenna was sad she didn't have a date. She stayed home and watched Netflix. Afterwards she made a big bowl of ice cream. She felt better after spending her evening relaxing.
Jake had been a boxer for a while. He had a mixed record. He got lucky and beat the challenger for a belt. He was given the title opportunity. Jake fought hard but was unable to win.
Tom called to order a pizza. It was late to arrive. Tom called to complain. When it got there it was the wrong order. Tom never ordered from there again.
Olga began the day by yelling at Nick. Nick would normally remain silent. He decided to yell back at her this time. Olga did not know how to respond. Olga responded with silence this time.
Fred always loved dragons. He wanted to draw comics about them. He found some friends. He started doodling around with them. They all wrote a dragon comic together.
Alexia was nervous for her soccer tournament. She played goalie and she was afraid her team would lose. However much to her surprise the team did very well. She made sure to block every goal from the other team. As a reality
Mike is tired of his office job. He dreams of becoming an entrepreneur. Mike quits his job. Now Mike doesn't have any money. Feeling embarrassed, Mike applies for another job.
Jack thought his car looked too boring. He decided that it needed more accessories. Jack went to a car accessories store. He bought new rims and a spoiler. Now jack is more satisfied with how his car works.
Brenda bought a new blender. She was excited to try it at home. She plugged it in and turned it on. It did not start. She called the store to ask them what was wrong.
Bill was on a blind date. It was setup through an online website. Bill wasn't attracted to this woman at all. She was annoying him all night long. Bill paid for dinner and swore of blind dates forever.
Jodie was a very active person. She was feeling short of breath lately. She scheduled an appointment on Monday to see a doctor. Jodie couldn't wait until Monday and called an ambulance. Jodie luckily survived a blood clot in her lungs.
Michael was in love with Cindy. He sat behind her in class. One day he asked her for a pencil. As she was handing him a pencil she touched his hand. Michael almost fainted as a result.
Jackson and his friends wanted to play outside. They looked out the window and saw it was raining. They decided to play video games instead. Jackson and his friends played several rounds of racing games. The boys were thrilled to have such fun on a rainy day.
Tina offered to babysit her neighbor's kids. She thought it would be easy. But unfortunately it was not. The kids were rowdy. Tina then reconsidered having children.
Tina went to a fancy French restaurant with her family. Everyone ordered snails. Scared, Tina decided to try some. The waiter put some on her plate. To her dismay, Tina was grossed out.
Benny was meeting his friends in the park. He realized his car had a flat tire. Benny called the taxi company. A cab arrived at Benny's house. The cab brought Benny to the park.
One day, Jude heard a strange noise coming from the wall. A week later, he saw a mouse scurry across his floor! He went to the store to buy humane mouse traps. He let the trapped mice free outside of his house. After that, he didn't hear any noises from the wall again.
Tisha loved to tap dance. Tisha choreographed her own dances often. She was discovered by a famous singer. Tisha got to travel the world with the famous singer. Tisha grateful for her tap dancing ability helping her travel.
The girls wanted to take horseback riding lessons. They went to a stable and learned the basics. Soon they were ready to ride! They learned a lot the first lesson. They decided to come back every week and learn more!
Jim went camping with friends. They went hiking in the afternoon and returned very tired. When they made it back to camp, they began to start a campfire. While the fire grew, it began to spread up a nearby tree. The group grabbed a fire extinguisher and put the fire out.
Penelope wasn't very good at drawing. Despite this, she wanted to become an artist. She began to feel anxious about her lack of talent. Eventually, she discovered that drawing wasn't all that artists do. She took up sculpting the very next day.
Angela is taking care of her cat, Sprinkles. Sprinkles has a few ailments that have to be tended to. Sprinkles has been sick for months. Today, Angela thought that Sprinkles looked a little healthier. She is hoping for a big recovery.
Lina was horrified to discover she had a mouse. She didn't know what to do, so she called her friend Al for advice. Al told her that he could have his cat find it and get it. So, Lina agreed and let Al's cat have at the mouse! The cat trapped the mouse within five minutes and killed it quickly.
Mike was playing a game with his friends. It was a fantasy game full of wizards and dragons. He had a large stick he used as a play sword. He slammed the sword hard against a rock to prove how strong it was. It snapped in half in front of all his friends.
I was punished by food restriction growing up. I decided to use it against myself recently. When I did something wrong, I starved myself. I would sometimes go for days without food. When I got dizzy I finally ate something.
My son wanted to dress as endorman for halloween. We looked until we found a sheer black bodysuit. I ordered twinkling garden lights to glue to the outfit. The lights flickered in purple. I covered a box in minecraft print to look like a block.
Kia was on the hurdling team in high school. She was confident that she'd win the big meet. But while running, she tripped over a hurdle and fell! She did not win the meet after all. Kia was so embarrassed!
Tom hated going to weddings. He was forced to go to his friend's. He thought the reception was really long. At one point Tom fell asleep during it. He had to be nudged to stop snoring.
Nate bought a surprise for his wife. It was a really fancy stroller! When she saw it, she cried. She couldn't wait to push her baby around in it! It was a very thoughtful gift.
Laura always mentioned that she wanted freckles. When I got a tan my freckles became a lot more noticeable. After school the next day she noticed my freckles! She was really upset that I had so many. She wouldn't talk to me for a week because of them!
Tom was in a rush to get to work on Tuesday morning. He had stayed out late with his friends the night before. As he was leaving for work, he realized that he didn't have his keys. One of his friends had taken them outside of the bar the night before. Tom was late to work because he had to walk to the bus station.
Alec loved to play with his ball. It was blue with yellow stripes. One day, Alec went outside with his ball. He kicked the ball so hard it went rolling down the hill. Alec ran after it and found it lying next to a tree.
James was in trouble with his parents. He had gotten detention for swearing in class. James was grounded for a week. His parents also gave me a long talk after. James understood to control his temper better afterwards.
Nina was going to the prom with Marty. They had been dating for a year. Marty broke up with Nina two weeks before the prom. Nina still wanted to go the prom. She went to the prom alone.
Jamie is tired of her haircut. She books an appointment at a salon. Jamie arrives early in excitement. The stylist gives her a new style. Jamie feels like a new person!
Gina had broken her windshield wiper blade. But she still needed to drive to buy new ones. When she turned them on the rubber began to separate from the plastic. She watched as the rubber wagged about. She decided to use the wipers sparingly until she replaced them.
Amy had a test today. She never had time to study because of her job. She walked into the class with no confidence. The teacher ends up not being there because he was sick. The test ended up being rescheduled for the following week.
Cindy wanted to go to the store and buy a lollipop. Cindy had no money to buy it. Cindy took money from her dad's change jar to buy the lollipop. Her dad found out Cindy took the money. Cindy's dad made Cindy return the lollipop to the store.
Andrew recently bought a mountain bike. He has been looking for one for the past two months. He has been riding it every day for at least an hour. Andrew takes good care of his bike so it doesn't fail on him. Andrew plans on buying a better bike in the future.
Jennifer got rear ended in traffic. She reported it to her insurance and put her car in the shop. Her insurance company paid for her to have a rental car. Jennifer got a much newer, nicer rental than her own car. She was very disappointed when she had to return it.
Shanna's friends threw her a bridal shower. They decorated the room with cute decorations. They played silly games. The guests all brought gifts. It was a great time celebrating the future bride!
A boy was outside playing when he saw a balloon in the sky. The balloon was slowly falling to the ground. He chased over to where it was falling. The boy held out his hand as the balloon fell into it. Once he held the balloon he popped it with a sharp rock.
Jim had been feeling sick recently. He decided to take the day off from work. The very next day, he found out his boss was also sick. Jim had given his boss the cold. Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate.
I set my oven to 350 and put some dough in to make cookies. Very shortly after I smelled a burning smell. I checked on the cookies and they were burnt. I concluded that my over was much hotter than 350. I had to throw away my cookies because they were bad.
Bill smelled his clothes before he put them on. The clothes gave off a nasty odor. Bill collected all his shirts and pants and put them in the washer. He added some extra detergent because they were so bad. The washing machine overflowed a little bit they clothes got clean.
Tom loved looking at clouds. He saw different shapes in the clouds. They looked like animals. One day the clouds went away. Tom drew pictures of the clouds instead.
We bought a book from Amazon. It was to be delivered Friday. We got an email saying UPS did not deliver the book. I was upset and contacted Amazon. They refunded me.
Susan was playing poker with her friends. Susan was on a lucky streak and began to win hand after hand. Her friends were becoming agitated. Susan eventually took everybody's money. Afterwards, Susan bought pizza for everybody with her earnings.
Bruce had a lot of hobbies. In his old age, he wasn't able to carry on them all. He decided to pick just one to focus on. His choice was furniture making. He now makes extra money on the side for doing his hobby.
My wife's niece had a boyfriend when she was fifteen. She was wildly in love. Her Facebook posts were very romantic. At eighteen she went away to college and broke up with her boyfriend. She is now dating a man she met in college.
In 1994 we went to Mystic for a family vacation. We visited the Mystic Seaport. We took a bus to Foxwoods and gambled. We ended up swimming in New London, CT. It was a fun vacation.
Judy had just bought a new printer for her computer. When she tried to hook it up it didn't work. Despite her best efforts she just couldn't get it to work. Judy had to buy a new computer anyway so that's what she did. The new printer wound up working great with her new computer.
For Tuesday's spirit week celebration, Bob had to dress up. The theme for this day was tacky tourist day and Bob was ready. He picked up a camera, a Hawaiian shirt, and some sunscreen. Then, we wore all of this to school for the day. Bob was awarded points for his team and was really happy.
We loved to tease Will. He was a hunter, so we would joke by saying fire at will. We also liked to say where there's a Will, there's a way. He didn't find the jokes very funny. We kept making them anyway.
Tom had dreamed of owning a boat. Finally, he made the big purchase. He took the boat out every weekend! He had so much fun fishing from it. Tom wondered why he hadn't done it earlier.
Molly got a new shiny pink bike for her birthday. She was nervous because she had never ridden a bike before. Molly tried to pedal, but she lost her balance and fell. She got back up and continued to practice, determined to learn. After a few days of practice, Molly rode her new bike well.
Hank cried as I tied him to the rails. He called me stupid and some rather profane names. I listened as he sneered that the line had been abandoned for Years. I started to walk away, but paused to look back at Hank. I informed him that of course I knew, no one comes here, at all.
Cindy went to visit her grandma at the cemetery. She had just passed after having spent the past few Years ill. Cindy wished she could have spent more time with her grandmother. As the thought crossed her mind, a butterfly landed on her shoulder. She felt some sort of calm, almost as if it were a familiar soul.
Eric's dad had a cup of coffee every morning. On Eric's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up. It was time for him to have morning coffee too. It must be delicious since his dad enjoyed it. After he tried some he couldn't understand how his dad could drink it.
Kristy loves to sing and play the guitar. She taught herself how to do both very well. She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school. She memorized all the songs they had written. She now is the lead guitarist and lead vocals for this band.
Ryan was driving down the interstate on his way to work. His car began to make noises, so he stopped. After pulling over, he found he had a flat tire. Ryan had removed his spare tire to make room in his truck. He now waits for a tow truck to show up with a spare tire.
Alicia was paying solitaire. She really wanted to win. Finally after twenty minutes, she won. Alicia decided to play again. This time she won in five minutes.
Sally was incredibly stressed trying to plan her wedding. There were seemingly hundreds of decisions to make. Every day her planner called her and che was writing so many checks. Sally called her fiance and suggested they just elope. A week later they were in Hawaii on their honeymoon.
Bob hurried to finish telling stories so he could go for his walk. It'd gotten dark by the time he typed the last one. As Bob walked past the dog park, a ferocious barking came from it. A pack of wild dogs had picked up his scent and began to chase him. Bob started to run.
Greg loved fishing. He got a job as a professional fisherman. He spent every day fishing. He would get paid when he caught a few tons of fish. Greg was happy to be making money doing what he loved.
Carl wanted very badly to have a dog of his very own. He decided he would go to the pound to rescue a dog. When he got to the pound, he saw a beautiful white dog. The dog looked at him with her big brown eyes, and he knew she was his Carl took the dog home and was very happy.
Kim was on vacation. She got drunk one night. When she got back to her hotel room she wanted to keep drinking. Kim wound up drinking all the liquor bottles in the mini fridge. The next morning she woke up with a big hangover and bill.
George hadn't been able to cut the lawn. The grass was getting long. George finally was able to try to cut his grass. His mower started to make a funny noise. George broke his lawn mower blade on the grass.
Bart was building a deck. He went to the lumberyard to buy supplies. He bought seventeen boards. He couldn't fit them in his truck, so the lumberyard delivered. He appreciated their good customer service.
Harold was speaking to a reporter. He was giving an interview about his art collection. He was well known in the art community. The newspaper thought it would make a great story. The reporter asked him hundreds of questions.
Jed was tired. He was supposed to deliver packages today. He took a nap instead. The people on his route complained loudly. The manager asked them what they expected during the holidays.
Priya needed to clean out her car. She used a trash bag to gather all the candy wrappers . She removed the dirty clothes from the trunk. Priya then vacuumed the interior of the car. Finally she cleaned the windows with spray cleaner.
Tim was working on a project in his math class. He was extremely tired after a long night of homework. He decided to skip out on class because he couldn't focus. Then, he noticed his car in the parking lot. He decided to take a nap in his car until he felt better rested.
Yorick was quite fearful, but hid this from his friends. His external emotions rarely reflected how he truly felt. He went to visit a cavern with some friends. He was particularly afraid of dark caverns. He yelped when they turned out the lights, shocking his friends.
Dorothy wondered how she was going to pay for Christmas gifts. She lived check to check. There wasn't a lot left over. She told her employer about her concerns. He surprised her with a Christmas bonus!
Wendy felt really terrible while at college. So she decided to skip her classes and walk to a buffet. She felt so relieved and carefree during her walk. But at the buffet, she felt self conscious and out of place. Nevertheless, Wendy reluctantly ate a moderate amount of food.
Roger was 80 years old. Even though he was old, he still rock climbed. He decided to go with his grandkids. His grandkids agreed. They all had a blast.
We had anticipated the birth of our son for 9 months. The day had finally arrived. We drove to the hospital for my wife to be induced. After 5 hours of labor the baby was finally born. It was one of the most exciting days of my life.
Kate bought a new pair of high heels. She broke them in properly at home for a few days. On the weekend she decided to wear them out. They were a bit uncomfortable but not too bad. Kate got lots of compliments on them.
Kevin bought a new car. His friends made fun of the kind. He said it was economical. One day his friend ran out of gas. Kevin had to help him out and made fun of him.
Jane had a conference with her son Dan's teacher. Dan had 2 fights in a week and this needed to stop. The teacher explained he and another boy seemed to dislike each other. Jane wanted to know what needed to be done. Jane was shocked when the teacher suggested And see a psychologist.
I was ready to go to my driver's license test a while ago! I was very excited and drove there with my brother. I drove super well the entire way there. Unfortunately in the parking lot I lost my confidence. When I was parking I accidentally hit a car and had to leave.
The Southern' family rescued a new dog. The new dog was very large, weighing in at 180 pounds. The dog quickly got attached to the family members. Anytime the family left the dog would become anxious. One day they left and he used his weight to break a window and follow.
I asked my girlfriend if we can visit my friend. Since she thought that I knew about her birthday, she said yes. When we got inside of the place, my friend's brother called us. He told us to hide. When my friend came, he surprised him for his birthday party.
Jackson had always wanted to play the flute. The other boys at school tell him that the flute is for girls. However, Jackson ignores them and practices his flute every day. Jackson is proclaimed to be the school's best flute player. He is so happy that he learned to play flute.
Kobe Bryant's father was a professional basketball player. Kobe Bryant also wanted to play professional basketball. Kobe Bryant practiced everyday. Kobe Bryant became a great basketball player. Kobe Bryant is now considered one of the best ever.
Tom enjoyed a long dinner with friends at a nice restaurant. Tom strolled to his car and drove home. Once home, Tom realized he didn't have his bank card. Tom called the restaurant but they didn't have the card either. Tom had to cancel his bank card and get a new one!
Ron had decided to buy a bicycle. His thoughts were he was going to ride it to work to lose weight. Every morning he got up an hour earlier to prepare for the day. He got into the routine of riding his bike to work. Ron lost 20 pounds in the first month.
Jonathan had waited all season for hockey to start. He anticipated being the starting goalie this season. He had practiced and trained hard in the offseason. He played well in practise and impressed the coaches. The first game of the season he was named the starting goalie.
The train track was almost completed. The workers worked really hard. They worked both night and day. The track got completed. They celebrated.
Joe wanted to become a firefighter. He applied and eventually they let him into the academy. He trained and trained and passed all of his tests. He was extremely nervous the entire time. When he graduated he was very proud of himself and his family was too.
My phone rang late at night. It was my sister calling from her vacation. I knew this couldn't be good. I picked up the phone quickly. She didn't remember the time zone difference in another country.
I bought some apples the other day. I went to the produce shop to buy them. The apples I bought were very expensive. Even though they were so expensive they were very tasty. I will buy those apples again soon!
The tiny baby was ready to go. She couldn't wait to be on the move. She cautiously put her foot to the floor. The second foot followed. Away she went walking down the hallway.
Adam was on the baseball team. He was a great player but not a great student. The biggest game of the year was coming up. His grades were low and he had to pass a math test to be able to play, Luckily, his grade was good and he was able to win the baseball game.
Tom and his family were camping in a yurt. One morning, his wife screeched. She came running out of the yurt and told him that there was a rat. He went inside and saw the animal. He chased it around until it left the yurt.
Senior year of high school I had three free periods in a row. Certain days this could mean three and a half hours of nothing. We weren't allowed to leave and come back but I petitioned. Very quickly they understood. After that I was able to come and go and had a much better year.
Chris loved the fried chicken at a local restaurant. On Saturday nights they have a special. Chris tries to eat their every Saturday. This Saturday Chris is running low on money. Unfortunately he had to settle for Ramen noodles.
The man was too sensitive. He saw a counselor. The counselor gave him some advice. The man didn't like the advice. The man asked for a different counselor.
Tina was at the club. She wore a cute outfit. A lot of guys were hitting on her. Mostly drunk annoying ones. Tina was annoyed and went home.
John always wanted to live in a log cabin. He bought a piece of property in the woods. His brother and John worked hard to build it. They built a nice cabin in the woods. The cabin burned down a month later.
My manager got all of the employees together. He announced major changes that are going to be made. Afterwards, he called Eric to his conference room. Eric came out with a bad look on his face. When I asked him what's wrong, he told me that he got laid off.
I was very, very tired. So I put on my pajamas. I went to make my bed. However, there was an alligator in my bed. I fell asleep next to it.
There wasn't much work to do this morning. We almost got into an argument because of it. I tried to stay quiet and not start a problem. I knew what would happen if I did. I kept very still and quiet and it blew over.
I came home from work extremely exhausted. Since my girlfriend was coming later, I ordered pizza. While we finished the whole box of pizza, we watched a movie. Afterwards, she left. I decided to work on my homework for an hour before sleeping.
Last night in California I fell in love. I saw a beautiful girl walking along the pacific coast. When her eyes met mine I was in her control. Within the hour I was eating from the palm of her hand. We spent the night under the moonlight slow dancing in the sand.
One day a poor widow came to town. She gave a mite to the beggar on the street. The rich man gave a lot more. The widow gave more than the rich man. The mite was all she had.
The Johnson family loved Halloween. Every year they did a different theme for their house in celebration. This year they were having difficulty in deciding a theme. They held a few family meetings to finally determine what to do. When Halloween came around they put up a zombie themed haunted house.
Tina loved floating around the pool. She bought a long pool noodle to help her. She rested on it as she bobbed around. The noodle filled up with water and started to sink. Tina decided she needed a whole floaty.
Deb was a newbie chess player. She loved the game and desired to win a tournament. She began to spend all her free time studying the game. Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months. She walked away with the second place trophy.
Stan hated his new job. He joined the company for the money but couldn't stand the people. His contract said if he quit within a year he'd lose his hiring bonus. Stan started misbehaving to get the company to fire him. He got to keep his bonus and find a job that better suited him.
Pete was excited to start his new job. He had just been hired as a teacher at the middle school. He had applied for seven jobs before getting this one. On his first day, he was excited to finally realize his dream of teach. He was determined to be great at his new job!
Bev needed a new pair of pants for work. She didn't have a lot of money, so she went to a thrift store. She couldn't find any pants there in her size. There was a pair that was a size too small, so she bought them. Bev was uncomfortable the first day of her new job.
I was involved in an expressive experiment. I felt from the beginning it was rigged. The answers did not seem to match opinions. We argued for an hour. The final choices were very different from expectations.
My father brought home a coconut today. We were pretty unsure on how to open it. We tried a knife, but it didn't work. We tried smashing it, but that didn't work either. In the end, we just planted it in the back yard.
Matt bought a stock on the stock market. It cost him a lot of money. He was excited to see that it increased with value over time. He sold the stock a month later. He bought a cheeseburger and fries with his new money and was happy.
I took my girlfriend to a new arcade that opened up around the town. When he got inside the place, a bunch of kids were wandering around. We also didn't get the chance to sit down since the place was crowded. The waiter told us to be patient. However, we decided to leave and look for an empty restaurant.
Kate wanted to give her boyfriend a surprise party. Unfortunately a friend let him know ahead of time. Kate knew that he knew. The boyfriend pretended to be surprised anyway. Kate appreciated his effort.
Bob wondered why he didn't get the homeowner discount on his insurance. The agent told him his home didn't qualify as a home. Bob was confused and expressed his confusion with a lot of profanity. The agent hung up on him. Bob slammed down the phone and felt very salty.
Peter was walking in the forest when he got lost. He knew he shouldn't have veered off the trail. It was beginning to get dark. A flickering light was visible off in the distance. Relieved, Peter knew it was his family's campfire.
My wife put on a dress. She asked me if she looked fat in it. I told her she looked fat. She got angry. I had to sleep on the couch for a week.
Jan didn't believe in superstitions. One day, she dropped a mirror and it shattered. Jan cleaned it up, heedless of the unlucky sign. As Jan carried the shards to the trash, her black cat tripped her. Jan cut her hand and reconsidered her stance on superstition.
Patricia joined a paintball team called The Green Team. She faced off against the Blue Team. While running through the field, she heard a familiar voice. Her best friend Lindsey was a blue team member. Patricia didn't care, and shot Lindsey in the back.
Penny had just moved to a new home. She was nervous to go to her new school. When she arrived to her class, the teacher introduced her to everyone. They all greeted her kindly. Penny was relieved.
Gina and her friend were walking to school. Gina was eating a bag of chips she bought at the store. She didn't see that there was a crack raising the sidewalk. She stumbled over the large, raised crack. Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk.
My friend Jordan is afraid of birds. He has nightmares about being pecked and scratched. He also has bad luck when it comes to birds. Once, Jordan was eating a chip and a bird swooped down and stole it. He nearly fainted from fear.
The lamp in my foyer broke. I decided to replace it. I climbed up to the lamp with a ladder. But, the ladder buckled under itself and collapsed. I broke my arm and learned I needed to be more careful with ladders.
Seema had welts all over her body. She visited the dermatologist for a checkup. The dermatologist said it's bedbug bites and prescribed medicines. She also called the pest control and had several treatments done. Finally, she got rid of the bedbugs and the welts on her skin.
Erica was out of milk. She decided to make a trip to the grocery store. She started up her car. All of a sudden, she noticed her tail light was off. She fixed it by hitting it with her purse.
Emily graduated from college with a lot of debt. All the money she owed was making her worry. She was rejected at several job interviews. After interviewing at Walmart, she bought a gun in the sports section. She was killed while trying to rob a customer service manager.
Jen was at the county fair. She had been having lots of fun. She rode a couple of rides. She then tried her hand at a shooting game. She hit all the targets and won a prize.
We went to the beach yesterday. All the sudden it started to rain. We had to run for cover. Everything was soaked. It was disappointing because we had to drive home.
I always use my advantage card to shop. It's supposed to give me fuel perks for cheaper gas. The other day I got a lot off. I thought it was because of all my shopping. It turns out I accidentally used the person in front of me's card.
I used to have a coin collection. I collected many different coins from different places. One day, I thought I lost it. I cried to my mom, but she had a surprise. She had taken it to put in a rare coin she found.
Charlie loved his long hair. It hadn't been cut in three Year's. His dad made him cut it for family photos. He told the barber not to cut that much. He now has a buzzcut and bad attitude.
Molly mocked Matt's nose. He felt horribly self-conscious about it. Matt finally killed himself because of all the teasing. Molly didn't feel badly about it at all. She did, though, when she got in trouble for Matt's death.
Sara could not wait for Christmas. She knew her mom had been shopping. One day while her mom was gone, Sara decided to start snooping. She was curious about her presents. She found her mom's hiding spot but everything was wrapped.
Dan recently saw a job advertisement in the mall. Dan decided to inquire about the details of the position. Dan learned that the position was to dress up as the Easter bunny. After laughing a bit, Dan decided to accept the job. Dan was anxious how his job as the Easter bunny would go.
Jake decided to go hiking today. He went up the mountain but got lost. He forgot to bring his phone. He yelled out in desperation. Nobody heard him yell and nobody heard from Jake ever again.
Recently i started my weightloss journey. I started to workout at the gym and eat better. Working out at the gym and seeing my progress motivates me. Some days are better than others. I have lost 20 lbs so far.
Lauren bought a new aquarium. She decided to fill it with saltwater creatures. First, she filled the tank with decorative gravel and ornaments. She then placed five fish and two crabs in the tank. Lauren was pleased with the results, even though one of the fish died.
Chris and James went mud riding. On the way out of the field, the truck got stuck. James got out to push while Chris pressed on the gas. The mud underneath the tire slung up all over James. James was a mess when he got home with caked and dried mud all over.
My sisters in law visited us last week. One sister in law lives in Greenfield, 90 miles away. She got a ride into to Boston and stayed with her sister in Watertown. They brought muffins and visited us in Cambridge. We talked for hours and had a good time.
Tom had a big lawn with tall grass. He got the lawnmower out and started to mow. The lawnmower ran out of gas. Tom went to the store to get more gas. He finished mowing the lawn.
Bill had just got a new job. He was anxious about starting it. On his first day, he met a beautiful woman that he talked to. She soon became his girlfriend. He totaled forgot about his nervousness, and focused on her.
Shane was working hard in his bathroom. He was removing his shower and tiling it. He'd selected a tiny mosaic tile. It was going to take a lot of work but it would be worth it. Shane couldn't wait to see the final product!
Jill had been feeling depressed lately. She scheduled an appointment with her psychiatrist. Her psychiatrist told Jill that she should eat healthier. Afterwards, Jill began eating more vegetables in her diet. Jill felt better as she consumed more nutrients in her food.
Alyssa plays soccer. She an excellent goal keeper. Today Alyssa Injured her knee. She went to the emergency room. Her injury will prevent her from finishing the season.
Tom was sick of paying for cable. He constantly didn't like what was on TV. So instead of funding cable, he signed up for a streaming service. Tom was happy he could pick what he wanted to watch. He had no regrets about ending his cable service.
Gerty was very afraid of earthquakes. She decided to pack a survival kit incase one struck. Her friends made fun of her. One day, there was a terrible earthquake. Gerty used her kit to help her friends in the wake of disaster.
Shelby volunteered at the local hospital. She would deliver stuffed bears to children before they had surgery. The stuffed bears helped to comfort the sick children. Shelby loved seeing the kids smile when she gave them a bear. Shelby felt like she made a difference at the hospital.
Dave felt badly about being overweight. Dave found a series of videos about fitness on the internet. He began studying these videos, making changes along the way. Dave lost forty-five pounds! Dave went on to run in a 5K and take third place.
Caleb was tying up his skates, tonight was a very important game. His teammates were excited as he was, there was a buzz in the arena. When Caleb stepped onto the ice, he could hear his mom cheering. During the game, Caleb managed to score two goals. Stepping off the ice Caleb again heard the cheers of his mother.
Han had a cat named Fluffy Socks. One day, her cat went out to play and never returned. Han was scared because tomorrow was moving day. Han moved five miles away, but left her cat's toy on the new porch. Fluffy Socks appeared at Han's new house the next day!
Larry was traveling down an old road. It was dark at night and in the middle of nowhere. His gas gauge was almost on E. He felt his car start to run out of gas. Larry ran out of gas in the middle of nowhere!
Last night was the first night of Hanukkah. I said the prayers and lit the two candles. It was nice to see the candles burning merrily in the menorah. Then, I realized I hadn't put anything underneath to catch the wax. I had to spend time scraping wax off the table after that.
John's watch had broken. His birthday was coming up. John's wife went to the jewelry store. She found a watch for John. She gave him the watch for his birthday.
Michelle is a really good dancer. Mike told her to enter the dance contest at school. She signed up and practiced every day after school. On the day of the contest Michelle injured her ankle. She danced anyway and took second place.
When Wally broke up with Barb, she was heartbroken for weeks. Gradually, however, she's discovered some serenity in solitude. Barb has begun pursuing hobbies and activities she had given up. On Friday night, she doesn't feel bad about not having a date. Instead, she enjoys a glass of red wine, relaxes and watches DVDs.
I had a job interview. I left early, feeling optimistic. I ran into construction. I was stuck with no way to turn around. I was very late for the interview for the job I ended up not getting.
Last year Paul was about an inch too short for the big roller coaster. He was confident when he walked up to the measuring stick. Sure enough, he had grown well over an inch. He proudly got on the roller coaster. It was as much fun as he expected it to be!
Jason loved baseball. He decided to go to a game. He invited his friend Bill. They had a great time. Bill even caught a foul ball.
Janice stole Billy's lunch. Billy hesitated to fight back since Janice is twice his size. Janice also influenced him to bully others since it was fun. Billy took her advice and bullied others. He eventually got in trouble for his actions.
The family was hard at work. They were going to renovate their whole kitchen. They ripped out cabinets and the countertops. When they were finished, it was beautiful. They loved the changes they had made.
The man ate some bread. The bread tasted weird. He looked at the bread. It was visibly moldy. He threw the bread away.
Molly put her son to bed. A few minutes later, he told her that he couldn't sleep. Molly put him in his bed and read him a story. She also gave him a warm glass of milk. Soon, she was able to soothe him to sleep.
Jon was a college student. He decided to buy a used car. Then, he realized he needed insurance. Alas, he couldn't afford the insurance rates! He got angry because he now had a car that he couldn't use.
Ivan had always wanted to visit the desert. His family went on a road trip through Las Vegas. Ivan loved those wide open vistas. He was really enjoying himself. Ivan was sad when they stopped to stay in the center of Las Vegas.
The local theater play was going horribly. People were laughing in the wrong places, and some of them left. The director was going to stop it when the main lead told him to wait. The lead walked out on stage and started telling jokes and juggling. Soon people stopped leaving and the play was a hit!
Rick was so broke. He needed food and to pay his bills. Finally he received his pay check. He was so happy! He took care of all his obligations.
Janet wanted to surprise her boyfriend. She decided to bake him some cookies. She spent a lot of time making sure they came out perfect. She spent even more time decorating them. Janet's boyfriends was thrilled.
Susie witnessed a scary accident at the beginning of summer. The trauma caused her to develop Panic Disorder. She got very sick. Susie spent many weeks in therapy. By the end of summer, she was feeling much better!
Mari had been wanting to buy a candle. She was perusing the shelf trying to choose one. She smelled the candles one by one. She realized that she wasn't actually that into any of the scents. She didn't want to waste the money so she just passed on a candle.
Ant was angry that he had just failed his motorcycle license test. But then he saw a bad accident involving a motorcycle. He realized that failing meant he wasn't ready to drive a bike yet. He knew it was better to be capable and safe. Ant was no longer angry that he'd failed his test.
Alice admired the bobblehead Maria kept on her desk. One day, Alice visited Maria for the afternoon. When she left, Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing. She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead. Alice screamed that she was being accused of theft.
Molly was on the playground. She tripped on a rock. When she fell she hit her knee. Her knee started to bleed. Molly had to go to the nurse to get a band aid.
The kid was in a spelling contest. He won a prize for most improved speller. He made it through seven rounds before getting kicked out. He was proud of what a good speller he was. He went home and decided to practice more.
Jane fixed a cup of coffee. Just as she went to take a sip, she was startled. Jane spilled coffee all down her shirt. She also burned herself. She learned quickly to be more careful.
Sarah went to the lake. She didn't wear sunscreen at all. It was so greasy and uncomfortable. She got horribly sunburned that day. Sunscreen was going to be a priority from that day on!
The sound of thundering footsteps echoed off the hillsides. The troupe was returning! Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust. The sunlight sparkled off their buckles and buttons. The workers let out a joyful yell as they marched closer.
Don was in a new city for work. He needed to rent a car to get around. Unfortunately his options were limited. He picked the best of the worst. Still the rental was awful and he hated it the whole time.
Dan felt that his life was in complete stagnation. He was employed in a dead end job. His relationship with his wife was horrible. He was so miserable he barely could do anything to make himself happy. One day, inspiration came to him, so he quit and left his wife.
Cara and her brother were playing baseball. But she hit the ball too hard! It flew over the fence and vanished. Without a spare, the game was done. They were forced to quit.
Tom had made some new friends at work. They invited him over for a dinner party. Tom showed up in jeans and a t-shirt. However, everyone was dressed up. He was embarrassed that he didn't know it was a formal dinner.
My family and I drove to Rutgers to watch their football game. We tailgated in the parking lot for a couple hours. Following the tailgate, we went into the stadium. Rutgers played horribly and lost the game by a lot of points. Even though they lost, we had a great time!
Sammy came home from the grocery store. She noticed a stray kitten by the trash can. She offered the kitten some milk and canned tuna. She took the kitten home. She made sure nobody owned the kitten and then kept it as her pet.
Lorrain has always loved the way that she looks in a fur coat. Her friends tell her that it is cruel to wear fur. Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur. She decides to never see them again. Lorraine will always choose fur over friends.
Julia was at lunch. She had taken her glasses off and realized that they were missing. She walked all over trying to find them. Suddenly, a girl ran up to her with her glasses. They had been completely destroyed by someone.
Bolt after bolt of lightning struck the castle. A brilliant silver streak struck the thatched roof of the barn. The dry hay began to smoke and crackle with smoke. A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building. If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle.
Andrew was preparing his speech. It was his first speech as a motivational speaker. He practiced his catchphrases. He was ready to get the crowd riled up! He knew he could make a big impact.
My sister had a baby this week. He weighed 8lbs, 4oz. Everything went well in the delivery room. She named him Daniel. We are all so excited to have a new family member!
I just got home after running and walking for several miles. I was very hot and thirsty. When I finally got to drink a glass of milk, it tasted amazing. And it felt good to cool off and relax. I hope to go running again in order to experience this again.
It was a sunny, splendid Sunday afternoon. Ricky and his family decided to go get ice cream. Everyone shared two different banana splits. The ice cream was delicious and a wonderful treat. Ricky and his family had a wonderful Sunday.
John was a homeless man who lived in a very rainy city. One day it began to rainy hard so John needed to find shelter. John ran down the street looking for a shelter. Suddenly John saw a warm cafe that was open all night. John ran to the door but suddenly it stopped raining.
I turned on the television. There was a breaking news update. A murderer was on the loose in my neighborhood. I became terrified and started to cry. Thankfully, the police arrested him a few hours later.
Lacy was a member of her school's marching band. The band's performance called for a solo. Lacy practiced the solo part every day. She tried out to get the solo in the band. Lacy was chosen to do the solo in the performance.
I worked on Amazon Mechanical Turk. I did that for six months until I had a few thousand dollars. Then, I started a lawn care business. I made a lot of money from that business. I realize I had finally climbed the ladder and made a name for myself.
Dan was recently on a date with his girlfriend. Since she paid the last time, Dan decided he would pay this time. However, the waiter told Dan that his debit card had been declined. Dan was furious and immediately called his bank. After calling, Dan was ashamed because he had insufficient funds.
I decided to go on a cruise. I booked a trip for my wife and I for a four day Bahamas cruise. It was everything we could have dreamed of. Alas, when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise. We decided to book another one!
Bob wanted a large vegetable garden on his acreage. He bought a small tractor and tilled the land. The soil was clay so it would not work well. He added a truck load of gypsum to change the clay. The soil became loose and easy to manage.
The heat awoke me from my dreams. There was an eerie silence around me. I walked to the hallway and to my horror there was nothing but fire. I made my way through my house. When I turned to look back at my house it was nothing but flames.
Bernie was in the running for president. One of his team members was online looking for information. He ended up finding another candidates confidential info. The team member got caught doing it. He ended up getting fired.
Two boys were playing poker at lunch during school. They began to use skittles to bet with. One boy bet two red skittles and a green. The other boy folded because it was too rich for him to continue. The other boy immediately ate all of his winnings.
Gina and Lisa put Lisa's sister and brother on the swings. The pushed the kids on the swings. They chatted about boys at their school while pushing the kids. Afterwards they got hot dogs from a vendor. They had a good day at the park.
A lot of things were supposed to happen today at my house. I was expecting our bed to be delivered. The run down shed was supposed to be removed at my landlord's expense. My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these. Not surprisingly, no one ever showed up.
Kelly was experimenting in the kitchen. She wanted to make a new ice cream flavor. She got a bunch of her favorite candies together. Finally Kelly decided on a peach ring flavor. She ended up loving it.
Ryan went to the mountains to climb. He couldn't find his harness at his back pack. He drove home to look for his harness. His harness is not at his house. He found his harness outside his front door on his way out.
Judy's room was a mess. She had too many stuffed animals. Her mom told her to get rid of half of them. Judy selected some she didn't like anymore. SHe put them in a pile to donate.
My coworker had been dating a woman from an insurance company. They went on a cruise once. On the boat, she found out her credit cards were deactivated. When they got to shore she was arrested for embezzlement. She had stolen $600K from her company over five years.
Tom was home for the holidays. Several family members were in town. Unfortunately his grandmother was very sick. She had to be hospitalized the day before christmas. She died within twenty four hours.
Ed was at a baseball game. At the game a foul ball is hit into the area of him. He reaches up with his glove to catch it. Out of nowhere another man pushes him out of the way and grabs it. Ed starts a fight with the man and gets beat up.
Brad found out the results of the test. He realized that his friend scored better than him. Although both of them passed, he got mad. Brad accused his friend of cheating. They had a bad vibe towards each other for the entire day.
Jenny was nervous about her dance recital. She practiced for two hours before she had to be on stage. After her performance, she received a standing ovation. Her dance instructor told her afterwards that she had the best dance. Jenny was so happy that she signed up for the next recital.
Doctor Smith had been the only doctor in the small town for years. He treated everyone when they got sick. One day, Doctor Smith decided to retire. He hired a young new doctor instead. The townspeople were horrified and boycotted the practice.
Michael had never been a drinker. He had a date with a young woman. She began to drink a few beers. She encouraged him to drink one or two. Michael trying to impress his date had a few beers and hated it.
Dylan had bought a cheap case for his phone online. After being dropped a few times, it was missing many little pieces. Dylan debated leaving the case on or not. Finally he decided to just get rid of it. He vowed to spend more on cases from then on.
Kate was driving on a desert road. The road was dusty. And the windshield kept getting dusty making it hard to see. Kate was using the wiper fluid to keep the windshield clean. She just hoped they had enough to make it to Vegas.
Barry was making last minute preparations before his big trip abroad. He checked his bags again as well as his wallet. He made sure his phone was charged. This trip was supposed to be fun but he felt somewhat nervous. The irony made him smile -- and then made him feel better.
Charles was in a rush to eat his food and go back outside. He gulped down his food without chewing. Charles started to choke on his food! His father had to help him spit out the unchewed food. Charles decided to eat more slowly.
Ken was tired of being laughed at for his lack of muscles. He took a membership at his nearest health club. He showed up the next day with white skin and no muscles. He worked a whole year, many hours a day. When he went outside shirtless, no one laughed at him anymore.
I found a swimming pool full of green water this morning. I took a water sample to my local pool supply store. The sales lady ran tests and sold me quite a lot of chemicals. I put the chemicals in my pool over the next two days. Saturday morning my pool finally looks crystal clear and clean.
Joe went to visit his brother in prison. But he forgot to remove his pocket knife from his back pocket. The guards caught him with it. They accused him of smuggling in a weapon! Soon Joe was in prison right beside his brother.
Mary was born in the Philippines. She was raised in a very poor family. Mary put herself through school. She raised enough money to move to America. Mary is now a vice president in her company and has a great family.
Jeff is very strong and muscular. He loved to help friends with lifting furniture. He helped his best friend move one day. Jeff discovered what he wanted to do with his life. Jeff started his own moving company.
John wanted to become an actor. He tried out for a part in the local production. He was rejected by the director and producer. John decided maybe he should go to college instead. Now John is a banker, who takes occasional acting roles on the side.
I play violin and carry my instrument everywhere. One night in college I took my violin to a local bar. I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin. My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found. I went to the bar to retrieve the violin.
Sean's dishwasher wasn't working. The number for maintenance was on his lease. When he went to find it, he realized his lease was lost. He spent an hour digging through his house. Finally, he found it and was able to make the call.
Mary was in biology class. It was Valentine's day and some kids were receiving candy-grams. Suddenly, Mary received one. She had no idea who could have sent it. Despite her efforts, she never did find out who sent the candy.
A man rolled his car to the gas pump with no gas in his tank. He asked the gas attendant to fill up his tank. After it was filled, the man owed $40 for all the gas. The man did not have any money to pay. He tried to drive without paying but he lost his nerve.
Kelsey was at a sleepover. Her friends were doing their makeup and asked her to join. Kelsey admitted that she didn't feel very pretty. Her friends offered to give her a makeover. She felt so pretty when they were done.
My dog needed a new bed. He had torn his into pieces. I decided to go ahead and buy him a new one. When I got home, he had torn up the new one. I decided to give him a blanket from now on.
Professor Steinberg laughs when people think he's too smart to fight. Because he kicked a guy's butt in a parking-lot a year ago. A man almost backed his car into Professor Steinberg and his son. The Driver was upset with Steinberg and shouted obscenities. When the drive got out his car, Professor Steinberg choked him.
It was time for my daughter to go to college in another state. She was nervous and was not very excited to go. She called home for a month asking if she could come home. She said she had no friends and no one liked her at college. By the time she graduated, she had 4 new best friends after all.
John and Eric both had six month old puppies. They each argued that their puppy was the best. They decided to race them to see who could run fastest. The only problem was they just wanted to play! So they finally agreed that both puppies were the best.
On my son's birthday we took a trip. We stayed at a big, old cabin. We picked wild blueberries in the morning. Then we drove through an animal safari. We fed all the animals from buckets.
Ben went to the dentist. He got his teeth cleaning and checked. The dentist noticed a cavity that needed filled. Ben never had a cavity before. He still dreads the coming appointment in a few weeks.
Jim was at a restaurant. And he received decent service. But later, he called them on the phone and lied about the service. And he received a free meal for his next visit. For the rest of his life, Jim lied for his own benefit.
I wanted a sandwich this morning. I went into the pantry to get the bread. Unfortunately the bread had mold on it. I was horrified. I immediately threw it away.
Evan had been dating Kim for 6 weeks. He fell in love with her instantly. She still wasn't sure. Evan finally decided to propose to Kim. She said yes and they started planning their wedding.
Tom was driving his pickup truck on the road. In the back of the truck, there was a cage with a horse. When Tom made a turn at the intersection, the horse came out. Tom didn't notice anything until he saw the horse from his mirror. He got out and started to run towards the horse.
Gina tripped on her shoe while carrying a small Tupperware. The Tupperware had loose fitting drawers. And her jewelry was inside. When she tripped, the drawers flew open. Gina's jewelry spilled out all over the floor.
James woke up one morning and very ill. He thought it might be food poisoning from the sushi yesterday. He ran to the bathroom for a thermometer and realized how weak he is. Taking his temperature, and it was over 103 degrees. He decided he must go to the hospital and called an ambulance.
Able was going to the park. He decided to walk there. His friend drove by. Able's friend offered him a ride. Able's friend dropped him off at the park.
My new printer was printing poorly today. I consulted the manual which recommended head cleaning. The directions involved pushing buttons on the printer. I went to the computer and did it remotely. The print quality is better now.
David is afraid of clowns. Even though he is 50 he still screams when he sees one. His family and friends always joke with him about it. He doesn't take their kidding to heart. He will be scared of clowns the rest of his life.
Olivia didn't like going to the market so often. So she decided to grow vegetables in her backyard. She grew tomatoes, corn, and other healthy vegetables. And she enjoyed taking care of them too. Olivia felt proud of the vegetable garden she made.
A renter was looking for an apartment to rent. She really wanted to find a corner spot. She looked in tons of ads. She looked online. She never found a corner apartment.
Stephanie was in the middle of a mosh. She got pushed by a big man beside her. SHe fell down. She panicked but then she saw a hand. Someone lifted her up.
My husband loves to fly model planes. He insisted on teaching our uninterested son to fly one. Our son flew it straight into the top of a tree. My husband had to climb the tree to get it down. He never asked our son again.
Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance. He watched various instructional videos on YouTube. He attempted to copy the same moves in his home. On one attempt, Joe hurt his wrist really badly. Joe had to go to the hospital to get his wrist checked out after.
John invited his brother too watch the baseball game. His brother got the beers well John got the food. They watched the game and drank beers and eat food. They had a good time. The team they rooted for won.
Tim had always been a good golfer. He decided to play with some friends and bet money on their game. They kept buying beer and Tim drank a little too much. He became drunk and his golf game was awful. Tim lost a lot of money that day.
Mark was bad at math. He tried studying, but to no avail. Then his mom hired a private tutor. She helped Mark study after school each day. With her help, Mark improved his grades dramatically!
Gina arrived early for her interview and waited near the door. A man came to the door and looked at her. She smiled and joked with him before opening the door. He introduced himself as the restaurant manager. Gina was worried the joking may have hurt her chances.
Lucy decided to host a potluck with her friends this weekend. She didn't know what to make. She decided to make the first thing she saw on TV. It ended up being red beans and rice. Her friends loved it.
Rick needed to buy new clothes. His old clothes didn't fit him anymore. He went to the mall with his mother. His mother bought him new shirts and jeans. Rick felt appreciative that his mother bought him new clothes.
We had an old apple orchard on our farm. I liked to play in it. There were stacks of old apple crates like a maze to crawl around in. I could climb the trees and look around at the neighbor's farms. I didn't need any toys.
Bart picked out some cookies and chips. He was packing them in his lunch box. The lunchbox was so full he couldn't zip it. He decided to eat the cookies right then. Now he could zip the box up!
It was the end of the quarter at Amy's high school. Her father offered to help her buy a car if she got straight A's Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail. To her delight she had an A in every class. Her father stuck to his word and took her car shopping.
Albert needed a new pair of slacks. His mom took him shopping at the mall. He was embarrassed to be there with her. Luckily they didn't run into anybody. He got new pants and looked great.
Jim and Jean were on a road trip. Then they realized they'd gotten lost! Neither had cell signal and the GPS wasn't working right. First they panicked, but then Jim found a solution. He pulled a good old paper map from the glovebox!
Ashley was afraid of pitbulls. One day she was walking alone in the park. Halfway through the park she ran into a loose pit bull. She was so terrified that the pitbull would bite her. Until the pitbull walked right past her and didn't even look her way.
Gina was trying to fall asleep at her grandmother's house. She could hear the dogs in the yard. And the cars as they drove past the house. She considered getting out of bed to watch TV. But she was afraid of what her grandma would do if she caught her.
Alan went to bed late. He set his alarm so he would not oversleep. But when he woke, it was almost noon! He hadn't heard his alarm going off. Alan was angry that he had overslept.
The neighbor's dog was loud and annoying. It would bark at all times. Enough people complained about it. The neighbors got a shock collar for the dog. Now everyone feels sorry for it.
Kelly was a new student at school. She was quite nervous about it. When she went to lunch, it looked daunting. She decided to sit with some girls. The girls were actually nice.
Joe was really tired. So he decided to drink coffee. But he just felt worse. Joe became nauseous and dizzy. He found himself in a hospital.
Tina did not want to cook. It made her very upset. She was feeling like she had no choice. She ended up making a bad meal. Then she went to bed.
Zoey is an only child. Her mom and dad are going to have another baby. Zoey is very excited to be a big sister. She sings to her mommy's tummy everyday. When the baby is born, she goes to the hospital to meet her brother!
Cierra was upset. She didn't have a date for Homecoming. The night before the dance, her friend Tom called her. He suggested they go together. Cierra was relieved to have a date.
Amy decided to open a cupcake shop. She scouted locations for months. When she found the right location she called the owner to lease. The price was more than she expected. Amy decided to go with her 2nd choice.
Alyssa had a crush on Sam. She was not sure if he was interested in her. She decided to ask him out on a date. He was very surprised and agreed to date her. Alyssa and Sam are now in a relationship.
Jack has a math test on Friday. He has been studying all week. When he got to class, he was ready. However, his teacher postponed the test. Jack was furious.
Kim dreaded having to go to school. She felt sick and had to take an exam that day. Her mom stopped her as she was about to leave for school. Her mom told her that school was canceled due to the snowstorm. Kim was elated and spent the rest of her day watching movies.
Dot, my dog loves to go to the dog park. So, today I took Dot to the dog park. There were so many other dogs for her to play with. So she instantly chased after the other dogs to play. All in all, Dot had an amazing day at the dog park.
Randy is driving home. He sees a house burning. He stops his car. He runs inside the house. He rescues all the people inside.
Ron was boiling water for pasta. He saw the water start to boil. He grasped the pot to move it to a cooler spot. But then he dropped it, swearing madly. He had forgotten to grab the handles and burned his hands!
Kelly owned several sheep. She sheared them to make yarn. She washed their wool and brushed it out. Then she spun the wool into yarn. Her yarn was popular all over town!
Fred's father had promised to take him to the zoo that day. But their car broke down on the way and made them late. They got there just as the zoo was closing its front gate. But the nice security guard let them slip in for the remaining hour. A relieved Fred ended up having a fun time at the zoo!
Janelle lit a fire in the fireplace. It was a warm day. Ashley was wearing a long skirt. She walked by the fireplace and caught on fire. Ashley burned to death.
Marissa kept her jewelry in her dresser. She went to open the drawer but it was stuck. She pounded on it over and over again. FInally, the drawer opened. Marissa decided to put the jewelry in a different drawer from now on.
Every time my Mom washes clothes the smell so fresh. I purchased all the same soap and dryer sheets but it's not the same. Even my husband noticed a difference. If I could figure out what she does I'd patent it. Everyone would want it so I'd be rich!
Chloe had a pet pig named Princess. She dressed her pig in sparkly dresses and walked her on a leash. A neighbor took pictures of Chloe and Princess taking a walk. The neighbor put the pictures online for everyone to enjoy. Now Princess the Pig is famous on the internet.
Indiana was excited because a toy shop was opening near his house. On the day of the grand opening, he was the first one in line. He picked up many different toys and went to the register. When he tried to pay, he realized that he didn't have his wallet. Indiana ended up going home without any new toys.
It was Christmas eve and I still did not have enough gifts. I looked on my phone for a app that might help. One app allowed me to select gifts to be delivered. A found gifts for everyone and a Uber driver delivered them. On Christmas day everyone received gifts and was happy.
Ethan went to the bathroom. He couldn't go because he was constipated. He took a laxative. Then he could go. He was happy on this extra special Christmas.
Sally was confined to a bed her entire life. She spent her days looking out the window. Birds would sometimes perch on top of the window sill. Sally enjoyed their company. It made her feel less lonely.
The TV would not start. They pushed every button. They checked the cables. They checked the back of the TV. The bulb was burnt out.
Jenny loved books. She bought a new book every time she went to the store. Jenny had hundreds of books. One day she noticed her shelves were all full. Jenny decided she still wanted to buy more books.
I visited a Facebook page accusing BLS of racism. BLS is short for Boston Latin School, a prestigious school. Several students wrote BLS fostered racism. I was a BLS graduate, and remembered racist incidents. I am preparing to add my comments to the page.
Telli wanted to earn some cash over the summer. But she also wanted to swim and suntan! She didn't want to lose her whole summer of being outdoors. Then she decided to get a job as a lifeguard. Telli got to earn cash AND swim and tan in the sun every day!
Randy loves to shoot the basketball. He is very good from a long range. One day he challenged the new kids at school to a game. Randy beat them so badly their feelings were hurt. Randy couldn't be beaten on the court.
Prom was fast approaching, and Jan did not have a date. All of her friends had found dates, and Jan was worried. She decided to stop waiting for someone to ask her. Taking matters into her own hands, she asked Josh, a friend of hers. Josh happily said yes, and Jan had a date for prom!
Bill and Jan decided that they want to live off the grid. So they buy a shipping container. They convert it into a solar powered home. When it is finished it costs less than $15,000. They are able to save a lot more money with no mortgage to pay.
The tree branch hung over the fence. They decided to cut it off before it fell on the fence. Using the chainsaw on the branch caused the tree to vibrate a bit. A completely different branch than the one they wanted fell off. Disgusted, they put the chainsaw away and decided to continue later.
There was a rainstorm last night. When j went downstairs to the car, there was ice all over. The doors were frozen over. I had to go upstairs and get hot water. When I poured hot water over it, the ice melted.
Ellen wanted to be smart. She started reading the dictionary. She learned two hundred new words the first day. Ellen felt smart and educated. She couldn't wait to use the new words.
Sarah loves to visit beaches. When Sarah visits a new beach she brings home sand from that beach. Sarah's sand collection is getting really big. She decided to give some of her sang to her nephew. This made Sarah's Nephew very happy.
Joel and Justin were the neighborhood wrestling tag team champs. Zach and Nate decided to form their own tag team. They practiced after school and challenged Joel and Justin. After a good match Nate had pinned Justin. Zach and Nate were the new tag team champions of the neighborhood.
Tom was off roading with friends. It was raining a bit. Tom noticed a rush of water down a dry river bed. He warned everyone to get out. Everyone was able to avoid the flash flood.
Elena was going out for the first time since she had a baby. She had hired a babysitter for the first time and she was nervous. She tried to remain calm, went out and enjoyed her night. When she got home the baby was screaming and rashy. Elena fired the sitter and vowed not to leave for at least a year.
At the weekend, Sara managed to get lost in the mall. She wandered off into a shop and split from her parents. She lived in a different city so she wasn't familiar with this mall. When she realised her parents were gone, she checked her phone. It had ran out of battery and she didn't remember where they'd parked.
Cassie was living on the streets. She hated to get help but noticed a sign for free lunch. Starving, she decided to check it out herself. She enjoyed a hot bowl of soup and some bread. She realized it was no big deal to get help from then on.
Mike wanted to be a lawyer. So he worked hard in high school to get into a good college. But during college, Mike became stressed out and turned to alcohol. And he ended up moving back home. Mike decided to pursue an easier career.
Remy was a ruthless boxer that had no mercy for his opponents. He would break jaws left and right without a conscience to guide him. One day his opponent was killed during a reckless beating by Remy. He was deemed too ruthless and of wanting to inflict greater pain. He was banned from fighting and was never heard from again.
Dudley is driving down the road. He starts to hear a rumble in his car. He pulls over to check out the problem. Dudley gasps when he looks at his car. He had ran over a tree stump and it was stuck in his engine.
The power went out at Becky's house during the winter storm. She was having a really hard time keeping her cat warm. He seemed cold even though he was under blankets. She put hand warmers in socks to put in his bed. He slept on the warmers and stayed warm until the power came back on.
Billy and Jean were on their first date at a restaurant. They told the waiter what they wanted to order for dinner. The waiter accidentally dropped a plate of food on Jean. Billy was surprised that Jean was not upset but laughed at this. Billy and Jean will never forget their first date together.
Hank was offered a cooking show for a new cable network. He wanted to make a good impression, so he worked hard on his recipes. He perfected a few things. Then he practiced his delivery. The first day of filming went great!
Angie was shopping. She wanted a new lampshade for her bedroom. She found one that was perfect. It was the wrong size for her lamp. Angie was sad she'd have to keep looking.
John had just made some rice in the microwave. His girlfriend needed to use the microwave next. She went to put her dish in and saw a huge mess. The thing was full of water and mashed rice. She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up.
Janie watched the merry go round as she waited her turn. She wanted to ride the pink pony and the grey bunny. So she got on the ride twice. First she rode the bunny. Then she waited in line again to ride the pony.
Floyd wanted to stop smoking. He had tried everything to no avail. His son pointed out e-cigarettes as another option. Floyd found an e-cigarette at an e-cigarette shop. He has finally kicked the habit for good.
Nancy was sweating from the summer heat. She sat down at her desk and kicked off her shoes. A sudden strong breeze came roaring through her window. Nancy sighed with relief and wiggled her toes gleefully. She decided it wasn't such a terribly hot day after all.
Joe loved corn on the cob. He ate it everyday and loved every minute of it. Until this past Thanksgiving. His mom got corn from a different store and it wasn't the same. It wasn't as sweet and Joe stopped liking corn at that point.
The other day I bought a scratch off lottery ticket. I normally don't buy them but figured I would give it a chance. I scratched it off and actually won! I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings. I now have 5 more tickets ready to be scratched.
Two cars were driving on a dark road at night. A deer ran across the road causing both cars to swerve. One car spun out and smashed into a tree. The other car was fine and didn't notice the other's fate. The smashed car driver cursed the deer and the other car.
Tim wanted to be a professional bodybuilder. He joined his local gym and lifted heavy. He bought muscle building supplements. Tim went to a bodybuilding competition. He got the first place prize.
Every Easter, Calvin got a gift he could use on spring break. This year, there was a new beach towel in his Easter basket. He was going to a beach and was excited to use his new towel! He pictured himself lying on the sand and relaxing. He was all set for vacation!
Gina woke up late one summer afternoon. She wanted to go to the garage and hang out alone. But her father and his friends beat her to it. They were playing cards, and drinking. Gina went back to her room, and went back to sleep.
Sal the radio DJ spent a lot of his day sorting through fan mail. He always got a stack of people who requested songs. Sal scanned the message and tossed it aside if the song was bad. He amassed a large pile of discarded requests. When every letter was opened he threw them all in the trash.
Chris wanted to become an artist. He studied the masters - Monet, Picasso, and others. Chris read books and took classes and thought about art a lot. Chris finally finished his first major piece. It was sold for over a thousand dollars!
John had a mug of hot chocolate. He put large marshmallows in it. His sister's chihuahua jumped into his lap. Most of the hot chocolate spilled on the floor. John was annoyed that he had no hot chocolate and had to clean up.
Anna knew she had to eat healthier. She decided to try eating more salads. She made chicken salads and fruit salads. She experimented quite a lot. And it worked - she loved them, and she got a lot of vitamins!
Ever since he was little, Evan wanted a bright blue car. When he turned 17, the only car he could afford was yellow. He saved up more money, he bought blue paint and painted his car. Everyone in town knew him as the iconic Blue Car Guy. People waved at him when he drove by.
Francis found a squirrel in his college's student yard. The squirrel wasn't afraid of him and approached him. He had some nuts in his backpack, so he offered them to the squirrel. The squirrel took them and now shows up when Francis is in the yard. Francis regularly feeds the squirrel almonds he brings.
We went to the beach today. My brother and I built a sand castle. We made a mote around the castle. The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away. We had a lot of fun building our sand castle.
Ben had been playing video games all day. His mom was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day. She told him to go do something else. Ben told her he didn't want to. His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her.
Mary had to get her wisdom teeth removed. They were starting to push her teeth forward. Her dentist told her she had to undergo surgery. Mary was nervous the day of her operation. She awoke a few hours later with her wisdom teeth removed.
I decided to spend the night in the barn. I thought it would be fun. I slept on the itchy hay. After an hour, I ran out screaming. This barn belonged to a family of termites.
Lu was excited to carve pumpkins. She picked out the biggest one. Her mom helped her with the knife. She carved a scary face. It looked fabulous!
Sam wanted to hide from this person who kept following him. He asked someone at school to take notes for him. Sam had to find a strategy rather than skipping class. Sam decided to confront the person himself. The person stopped following him.
A happy little baby is learning to walk. She stumbles and falls but keeps it up. She's always so happy, running along. She coos and caws, learning to walk is so much fun. She starts to run and chase her sister.
In 1997 I played soccer outside our building. A lot of neighbors played as well. I went to kick a ball at the same time as my friend Hartmut. Hartmut kicked my foot, breaking my toe. I had to get the toe relocated and taped up at the hospital.
Kim and her friends went to a pizza restaurant. The waiter recommended the pasta. Kim and her friends order the pasta. They loved the pasta they ordered. The girls left the waiter a big tip.
Heather wanted to befriend the new girl in class. But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool. Heather feared the girl would be too cool to befriend her. But to her surprise, she was very polite when Heather introduced her. Soon the two girls had become great friends!
Patty worked in an office. She liked her job but always loved drawing. She decided to learn to draw better. She took time off from work and went to art school. Patty is now a well-known artist.
She got ready for the picnic. She had packed everything she needed. She got to the park. She opened up the picnic basket. She ate her lunch.
Hannah was in a local cooking competition, and doing quite well. Her first two courses had been great, and she only had dessert left. Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory! She was so caught up, she didn't hear the timer go off. Her dish wasn't done in time, and she was disqualified.
Jay grew up obsessed with hip hop. He dreamed he could one day be a rapper. So for Christmas his mom bought him a mic and a boombox. Jay is now a thirty year old accountant with a new wish. A wish that his parents could forget about Christmas with MC J-Swish.
Charles felt that he needed to sneeze. At first the sneeze didn't come. Finally he let out a mighty sneeze. He felt much better after. Charles was happy that he has sneezed.
Her favorite glasses were ruined. The pink dye had gotten all over them. Her mother took her to get a new prescription. It was time to order a new pair. She chose pink, and they both laughed at the irony.
Jasmine saw a delivery man walk up her front steps. He had flowers for her! She didn't know who they could be from. There was no card. Jasmine was very perplexed!
Lisa and Frank went to the park. They wanted to go and play on the swings. When they got to the park all the swings were full. They waited patiently for their turn. Even though they waited, they never got to play on the swings.
My car had a flat tire. I jacked up the car. I loosened the lug nuts. I replaced the tire. I could drive my car again.
I used to play tennis all the time with friends. We would try to meet up weekly to play. It was a lot of fun, but the courts were sometimes very windy. So it would add an extra dimension to a difficult game. But we always had fun and it provided good competition.
Tara wanted to make her friend happy. She surprised him by playing his favorite bands music on a road trip. Her friend was surprised and elated. They both had a great time on the trip. Tara made her friend very happy.
Ike's dog Max was seven years old, just like him. One day Max got sick and the vet told them it was cancer! He offered to perform chemotherapy, but it was expensive. Ike's parents watched their son sob over Max, and they cried, too. They knew Max was a family member and they had to opt for chemo.
Tree succession studies trees over a period of time. My teacher took my class to his farm. He showed us different lots. We estimated the age of the trees in each lot. He knew the exact age for some lots.
George, despite his name, wasn't curious at all. He didn't like learning anything new or be challenged. What he wanted was a simple life. But life didn't listen to this and sent him a whimsical woman. He fell madly in love and suddenly wanted to learn all about her.
Tom didn't like to waste money on water bottles. He had one that he would refill everywhere. After a while he noticed it started tasting gross. Tom realized how dirty it had gotten. He replaced it with another and refilled that one.
Paris loved the park. She begged her Mom to take her everyday. When the weather was nice her Mom drove her to the park. She played on the equipment for hours. She greatly enjoyed her day.
Eddie raised one vicious German Shepherd. They named him Jack, short for Jack the Ripper. One day, an appraiser came by Eddie's house to determine its value. Eddie let Jack loose on the appraiser and Jack bit a chunk out of her. The city took jack for a week, and then brought him back with cancer.
Jim was feeling tired one night. So he made coffee for himself. But when he needed to go bed, he couldn't sleep. Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM. Later on, he was exhausted during work.
Tom was at the pet store. He was just looking around. Then he noticed a silly lizard. It seemed to play with tom. Tom decided to buy it.
Jake was playing outside on a hot day. He heard the ice cream truck approaching. Jake ran inside to look for money. He couldn't find any anywhere. The ice cream truck passed and jake couldn't get anything.
Gemma was working at her desk. Her baby was playing on the floor. She glanced over to check and saw him with a block in his mouth. She cried out and ripped it out of his hands. Then, she made sure to pick up any small blocks.
Tim is my chess partner. He plays speed chess, in which a player has only 3 minutes. When he is losing, he talks to try to distract me. When he is winning, he boasts. When I win, I make a lot of noise.
Terry remained in the hospital for several days. The doctor discharged him today. He also warned Terry to be careful since he was anemic. After the week ended, he suffered from a falling injury. Since he lost a lot of blood, he passed out.
Mary was a very successful artist. One day though she couldn't find any inspiration. She tried very hard to find something to paint. She decided to go for a walk. On her walk the beautiful woods inspired her.
The two teams were ready to play. It was a highly anticipated football game. The home team threw for five hundred yards. They won by a landslide. All the fans cheered and celebrated!
Ike took a turn on the mechanical bull. He grasped its saddle firmly. It began to buck wildly. Ike tried to hold on, but he was thrown. He landed on the floor, laughing!
Kim couldn't sleep. She decided to make food. She cooked up a quick snack. She ate it fast and drank it down. It left her full and tired enough to sleep.
Dan plays on a recreation hockey team. His team is winning 3-1. They forced game seven with their win today. The team is very ecstatic. Dan gives a motivational speech in the locker room.
My friend Naomi was engaged to a boy named Don. His parents were against the marriage due to religious differences. They offered their son a brand new car if he dumped her. He took them off on their offer. Naomi was devastated.
It was an unplanned visit from Ann's in-laws that made her clean. First, she threw all of the kids' toys into their room. Then, she ran around barking orders at everyone to clean this or that. She was frantically scrubbing the toilet when she heard the knock. Anne was still not happy about the mess when she opened the door.
Heather was starving. She bought some giant steaks to grill. She cooked them and then sliced them up. She dipped them in steak sauce. She ate them all by herself!
Susie wanted to dye her hair. She drove to Walmart. She then bought some hair dye. She was nervous. Luckily it did work out good.
Jean needed to go to the store to buy some ingredients for dinner. She also bought a water because it was very hot that day. On her way out, she decided to give her water to a lady outside. As Jean walked up to her car, she found ten dollars! Jean felt rewarded for her kindness and got a treat on the way home.
Sonia was bringing her son to the airport for a flight. She picked him up and put his luggage in the trunk. She drove her son to the airport and parked the car. She waited while her son checked in his baggage. She waved as her son walked to the plane.
Kent was very picky. His wife convinced him to try sushi for the first time. He took one bite and spit it out. Kent couldn't stand the taste of it! He went home and ate Mac and CHeese.
The kids were bored. Their mom said they should pop in a movie. They pulled a DVD out of the cabinet. It was too scratched to play. The kids were frustrated.
Tristan decided to throw a Christmas party for her family. He invited everyone on his list. Tristan asked everyone to bring a covered dish. He prepared the main course from scratch. Tristan's Christmas party was a hit.
Ricky's lungs were starving for oxygen. He came up for air one last time. His hair and shirt soaked through with icy water. Once more his head plunged into the water. At last, the crunch of apple as Ricky brought out his prize.
Jonathon owned a dog named Shamrock. The dog grew old and passed away of old age. Jonathan was very sad and lonely. He went to the pet store to buy a new puppy. Jonathan and the new puppy got along great together.
Carly was hosting her son's birthday party. She needed to serve the cake. She cut it into several pieces. Then, she put the pieces of plates. She passed them all out to the guests.
He cursed out loud. The child looked up in shock. He turned red in the face. He was embarrassed. He apologized to the child's parents.
A girl came to Gina's house claiming her brother got her pregnant. Gina's mom had a long conversation with the girl. Gina tried to eavesdrop but was unable to hear anything. The girl walked to the door crying. The girl left, and Gina never saw her again.
A guy at work used to order jerseys. They had tags and looked just like authentic ones. However they were about one third the cost. We found out later they were sold from China. While they usually looked good sometimes the colors were way off.
Amy unexpectedly found out she was pregnant. At first she was not excited and was very nervous. As time went on, she became very excited to have a baby. She couldn't wait for the baby to be born. When the baby was finally born, she was overjoyed to be a mom.
My son was not much into sports growing up. He joined his high school track team, surprising us. He got very thin as he ran many miles a day. He stopped running when he got into college. He still has his track jacket from high school.
The company got together for Earth Day. They bought a bunch of trees. They planted the trees. They took pictures of it. They put it on social media.
I went through the lunch line and sat with my friends outside. I took my first bite of macaroni and cheese. However, I began to choke. I took out a lock of hair that was in my mouth. While I was disgusted, I threw it away.
Emma was making a costume. She went to a fabric store. Then, she looked through pattern books. She chose one. Then she went home and made it.
Max was sitting in his living room. He began to notice a foul smell. He walked around the house trying to find the source. For some reason, he couldn't locate it. Finally, he discovered an old plate of food under the couch.
Kyle worked at a movie theater. One day, it was his job to make the popcorn. He followed the directions and added the ingredients. As the popcorn popped, he realized there was way more than he thought. He had accidentally doubled the ingredients!
Ray always hated his long commute to work by foot. He decided it was time for him to buy a bike. Ray looked for the right bike for months. Finally he found one that was what he was looking for. Now Ray loves his daily commute to work.
Selena invited her group of friends one evening. They celebrated late into the night. Around 3 am, the police banged on her door. She opened and got scared. It turned out they were too loud and had to lower the music.
Bert loves his car. Burt is always challenging anyone and everyone to race him. One night while out racing. Burt crashes into another car. The car flips several times and Burt gets badly injured.
Tom got a christmas gift from his grandmother. It was an ugly tie. He tried to hide how much he hated it. Unfortunately his face gave him away. Tom's grandmother was heart broken.
Cindy's mom brought home sacks of candy for Halloween. She told Cindy the candy was off-limits. Cindy snuck some candy and stashed the wrappers in her dresser. In the morning, Cindy heard the sound of spraying. Her mom was spraying a trail of ants that led to Cindy's dresser.
Annie was making pie. She didn't have any crust. She dug through her cupboards looking for a substitute. Then, she found some cereal. She crushed it up and put it on the pie.
The day was overcast and very humid. Jen thought it would be cooler because of the clouds. It was not cooler at all! The air felt thick and damp. Jen decided to stay inside under a fan.
Jane was at the waterpark with her family. Her sisters called her a wussy for not riding the big slide. Jane got fed up and decided to prove them wrong. She got up to the slide and just dove down. Jane wound up having fun and doing it again.
Nelly was great at sewing, but wanted to learn to knit. Her cousin Ella could knit but wanted to learn to sew. The two girls decided to trade knowledge together. Now Nelly can knit and Emma can sew. They're planning to learn to weave together!
Kate was wearing big over the ear headphones. But they were tight and squeezing her head. She tried to adjust them to relieve the tension. But nothing really worked. After two hours they had given her a tension headache.
Ryan is a tv actor. He is nominated for an award. He arrives at the award show. He wins the award at the show. Ryan goes home with his award.
Tyson had bought a cheap brand of trash bags. He was taking the trash out one day. The trash bag busted open. Tyson had to clean up a huge mess. Tyson went to the store and bought better trash bags.
Georgia's hair was a mess. She grabbed a headband to tie it back. It helped a bit, but still looked terrible. Georgia decided she needed a more manageable style. She scheduled an appointment with her stylist.
Jessica wanted something cold and sweet to eat. She looked in her freezer but didn't see ice cream. Jessica saw some fruit on the counter. She put the fruit, ice and yogurt in a blender. Jessica enjoyed her healthy smoothie.
Trevor took a walk. He ended up at the pond. He saw fish and frogs. He took a picture of the pond with the sun setting on it. He loved this peaceful spot.
Rodrick was misbehaving. He jumped all over the house. He threw his toys. One of the toys broke the television. His mother made him sit in time out.
Estelle was not particularly good at making friends. She had an abrasive personality that scared people. She tried and tried to get people to love her. But despite her best intentions she never attracted anyone to her. She decided to get a dog instead and the dog loved her instantly.
Fred looks forward to peach season every summer. This summer he eats more peaches than ever. However, one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill. Fred goes home with an upset stomach. Fred still loves peaches, but just not as much.
Caleb had been a good kid, taking care not to get into bad stuff. That is why his mom was so shocked when she found drugs in his car. She confronted him about them. Caleb admitted that he needed help. Caleb's mom found him the help he needed.
Billy lost his favorite hat. He looked all over the place, but couldn't find it. Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat. When he arrived home, he almost immediately found his lost hat. Now Billy has two favorite hats.
Shirley loved to wear sweatshirts. She loved how they looked on her. Everytime she went to a store, Shirley purchased a store. One day, Shirley traveled to a big store. She happily purchased many sweaters.
Eddie was in the kitchen trying to make the next great wing sauce. He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter. Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration. Outside, the sun was setting and the light shone through the window. The sunlight fell upon the mayo and Eddie found his inspiration.
Neil wanted to shop for his family. He flew to Singapore, where he had heard great deals abounded. He found tons of clothes and jewelry at great prices. He shipped them all home to his family. He could not wait for them to receive his gifts!
Adam was going hang gliding. He was nervous but excited. He followed his instructions exactly. Then he jumped out and sailed off. He was thrilled to soar on the clouds!
Bill was watching TV. But there was a commercial that he didn't like. He decided to change the channel. But there were only annoying commercials. So he decided to watch a movie.
This was the first election that Tina could vote. She could not be more excited. Although she did not like the candidates, she wanted to give it a shot. So she went down to the station to cast her ballot. When she was done she felt very happy.
Kelly loved talking in class. Kelly's teacher always sent her to the principal's office for talking. Eventually the principal threatened to expel Kelly if she didn't stop. Kelly promised she would never again talk in class. Kelly kept her promised, and texted with her friends in class instead.
Francisco decides he needs to find a respectable job. His father recommends that he become a barber. Francisco begins an apprenticeship to learn to cut hair. Finally Francis begins his first job as a barber. He is very happy to have a job.
Ray and Jerry excitedly got dressed in the morning. They rushed to eat breakfast and quickly left. They'd planned to meet friends who were there when the two arrived. Jerry's friend, Melissa, handed then two rainbow-colored flags. Everyone entered the festival grounds ready to party!
Jim wanted to be the fastest runner in the school. Jim practiced and trained every day to complete his goal. He eventually challenged Chad to a race. Jim won the 100 meter dash but lost in the 200 meter dash. Both Jim and Chad decided to work together to become faster.
Martin woke up in the morning. He found out it was snowing the whole night. He found out his snow blower was broken. He had to use the shovel. He was too tired to go to work after shoveling.
Ashlea quit her job. She quickly got hired for another. However, she took a huge pay cut. Ashlea took a second job. Ashlea is now making twice her pay but rushing all the time.
Mary didn't want to play piano. Her parents tried to teach her but she refused to listen. One day a guy she liked said he played piano. Mary went home and practiced so much she forgot about the guy. She became a concert musician and never thought of the guy again.
Kelly decided to go for a run. The weather was amazing. She skipped around. Unfortunately she tripped over a log. She had to get a band aid.
Olivia's school gave her a lot of financial aid for next semester. She realized that she didn't have to pay out of pocket for her classes. However, she tried to save money during the summer. The total amount that she made was $500 dollars. Olivia spent the money on other expenses such as clothes.
Gary walked up to the blockade. The army officers told him the situation was under control. They wouldn't tell him what was going on, though. Gary came back to us, with no more information than before. It was Years later we'd find out that was when the plague had started.
Lucy watched Predator the night before. She was returning the movie to Blockbuster today. She decided to take notes of the highlights. She watched a 2nd time although, she really didn't want to see it. She wanted to discuss the film with the cute guy who recommended it.
Abby got a new doll for her Birthday. She named her doll Susie. Abby carried her Susie everywhere. One morning she woke and her doll was gone. She jump up looked down Susie just rolled out of bed.
One day, Samantha saw a beautiful butterfly. She followed it through the forest. Finally, it landed on a flower. Samantha took a picture of the butterfly. When she printed the picture, she framed it and hung it on her wall.
I was playing golf with my friends in Hawaii. I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole. I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball. Fearing the sow, I left the ball where it landed. I was relieved to get far away from that scary swine.
Tom went to the store. He noticed he locked his keys in his car. His window was slightly cracked. Tom got a long stick. He was able to open the door with it.
Tom was woken up in the middle of the night. He thought he heard children crying. It scared him but he decided to investigate. After a while he noticed a stray cat outside. It was responsible for the weird noises.
Tom had read a lot about the virtues of growing his muscles. He was convinced that a pound of muscle needed 50 calories a day. He knew if he could build muscle his body fat would reduce. He started lifting weights and grew his strength and muscles. Now he sees the evidence of larger muscles and more definition.
Andrea was always finding pens all over her house. One day she decided to gather them all up. She placed them into a cup and decided that they should not be wasted. Andrea set out to use the ink in every single one. In the end she took up drawing and novel writing.
Sarah needed to go to sleep for school tomorrow. She couldn't sleep so she stayed on her computer. She wound up playing a game and watching videos online. When she looked at the clock, she saw that it was almost four. She sighed before heading to her bed in an attempt to sleep.
Lucy made marinara sauce for her family. It took a lot of time and effort. They ate it all and said it was great. She finally tried it and it was disgusting. She was happy they all pretended to like it.
Annie loved the ocean. Her mom took her to the beach on vacation. Annie spent a lot of time in the ocean. Annie had fun at the beach. She was sad when her vacation was over.
The Anderson family has game night on Tuesdays. They couldn't decide which game to play. They narrowed it down to Monopoly or Life. The Anderson family decided to take a vote. They ended up voting three to two for Monopoly.
Joe was on a trip through Africa with his wife. Just when he least expected it, a wild zebra appeared out of nowhere. Joe had never seen a zebra in real life before and was startled. The zebra panicked and began to charge! Luckily, Joe was carrying a tranquilizer gun and saved them from harm.
Amy was on a late night drive. She passed a sign that said Welcome to Ebenezer. Amy knew she was very lost! So she pulled into a gas station and asked for directions. It turned out she had come fifty miles from home!
I couldn't decide what to make for lunch. I had to flu, and was miserable. I tried to find something that was easy. I ended up putting taquitos in the microwave. Nobody was happy with it, but they accepted it.
Samantha was at a theme park. Her friends pressured her into riding a roller coaster. She hated them, but tried to stay calm. The whole ride she was terrified and she shut her eyes tightly. She was so glad when it was over.
Danny joined the fire department as a fireman. On Danny's first day in the field there was a huge house fire. Danny was one of the first responders at the scene. A little girl's puppy was trapped inside of a smoke-filled bedroom. Danny rescued the puppy and became the little girl's hero.
People at school find Greg weird. Due to his weirdness he has no friends. Greg is very sad because he has no friends. One day, Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog. Greg and the dog become best friends!
Kyle had packed his daughter lunch to go to school. She didn't eat her packed lunch and instead ate in the cafeteria. Kyle stopped packing lunch for his daughter. He sent payment for her school lunches. She began eating lunch in the cafeteria daily.
Sam wanted to throw her mom a birthday party. Sam decided to keep it secret and set to planning. She called her mom on the day and asked to take her to dinner. She secretly drove her mom to the party. She felt happy when she saw her mom's face at the party.
Chester loved his baby brother. He noticed one day that his brother was cold. Luckily, Chester was able to give his brother a blanket. They cuddled until his baby brother was warm. Chester and his brother love each other very much.
Dan went to the grand canyon. He looked at the canyon and walked to a tourist shop. Inside, he bought a special Grand Canyon hat. When he left, a burst of wind suddenly blew. Dan's hat flew so fast and far that it went into the canyon.
The cobbler had a failing business. No one needed shoe repair any more. He decided he needed to try something else. He became a tailor instead. His new business was very successful.
As i graduated from college,i decided to find a job. As a starter, i find a simple job. Then i applied for sales associate. I was hired because of my ability to interact with people. I loved doing that job that's why it took years before leaving it.
Joanna brought her lunch at school. She was very ashamed because he mom had made it. When her friends saw it was healthy food, they laughed. Joanna blushed deeply but ate her lunch in silence. Only when her friends were gone did she call her mom to thank her.
Jennifer wanted to get a good job. She applied to a well known college. She went to school for four years. When she graduated she applied for a job. She was offered a good position.
Nadine was trying to brush her hair. She had curly hair and many huge knots formed. As she ripped and yanked through her hair, the brush snapped. Nadine tried her best to repair the brush. But it was no use and had to be replaced.
Janice was talking with Toby on their date. Toby said a few things about her. However, Janice was only talking about herself. Since Toby can relate to what she was talking about, he became bored. He ended up leaving early.
Tim had bat tires. It had just snowed. He tried driving home. Tim kept sliding around. He had to park and wait for a plow.
Tom really wanted to ask this girl out on a date. He could feel the sweaty palms as he approached her. He asked her in the most comfortable way that he could muster. To his shock, she said yes. He hadn't felt that excited in a long time.
Nina was at her aunt's house. Her aunt was letting her play with her old porcelain dolls. She was brushing the doll's hair when her head came off. Nina went to tell her aunt, worried she'd be in trouble. Luckily her aunt didn't mind and she even fixed the doll.
The student questioned the teacher's knowledge. The teacher was furious. The teacher made the student teach. The student did a pretty good job. The teacher was humiliated.
My tools were becoming too abundant in my backyard. I needed a place to put them to keep them together. I decided to build a small shed. I went to a home improvement store and bought a shed kit. I returned home and set up the shed in my yard.
Dennis came home to find a big box in his kitchen. It was a new grill! His wife had bought it as a gift. He assembled it and started grilling. Dennis cooked for his family every night on his new grill.
Two kids were playing football in the street. They tried to see how far they could throw to each other. One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other's head. The ball bounced over a neighbor's fence. The kid who threw it had to jump the fence to get it back.
Kimberley was just learning the alphabet. Sometimes she would miss a letter. She worked very hard to memorize it. She even missed out on some sleep to learn it. Finally, Kimberley learned the alphabet.
Last year we had a big Halloween party. Lots of costumed friends came. We drank blood punch and ate snacks. We gave out candy to the neighborhood kids. We might have another party this year.
Chad is going through a breakup. He hasn't left the couch in days. He just watches hours of nature documentaries on Netflix. The words are you still watching appeared on his screen. He clicks yes and nothing, his batteries were dead just like his soul.
Trick-or-treaters ran down Ellen's street with the last of her candy. She turned her porch light off so no one else would knock. Seconds after she turned the light off, someone banged on the door. She turned the light back on and pulled it open again. Laughing teenagers were running across the street.
Chad's car recently broke down. Unfortunately, that meant Chad had to catch the bus. Chad looked for the schedule for the bus, and headed to the stop. Chad was pleasantly surprised that the bus came within five minutes. Chad was pleased that he would arrive to work on time.
Tara was camping by herself in the woods. She realized that there was a hole in her tent. A bird must have made a hole there while she was sleeping. Tara quickly grabbed some duct tape from her bag. She was able to successfully tap the hole shut.
Tom wanted to become stronger. He was quite weak. He hired a personal trainer. He exercised with the trainer for months. Tom became strong.
Gabby started school yesterday. It was a new school. She had graduated from her preschool last year. She was a little nervous. She had a great first day.
Sheila was a big fan of the actor Liam Neeson. She checked his fan website on the internet regularly. One day, she learned he'd be signing copies of a book he'd written. She went to the local bookstore on they day Liam would be there. Sheila was thrilled to be able to meet him and get a book signed.
Jill was knitting her boyfriend Sam a sweater for his birthday. She went into his closet to get another sweater to size it to. But when she gave it to him it was way too small. She realized she had accidentally used his little brother's sweater. So his little brother got the one she had knitted since it fit him.
Jay loved wearing crazy things. He found a pair of crazy striped socks. He wore them with shorts. Jay liked when people commented on his crazy socks. He went to the store to buy more crazy socks!
Lily was at the mall today and didn't plan to spend any money. She browsed through several stores just to waste time. She entered her favorite clothing store. She tried on a dress she fell in love with. She ended up buying the dress to wear to church on Sunday.
Walden worked every day from nine to five sitting at a desk. He drank the same coffee and said the same things to his coworkers. One day he didn't come to work when he never missed before. His coworkers were worried and went to his home to check on him. Walden was gone with a note left that said he went to Germany.
The man drove into a pole. He told the cops he hadn't seen it. The cops gave him a sobriety test. The man did not pass it. The man got a ticket.
Marsha is a little overweight for her age and height. Marsha plans to began a rigorous diet and exercise plan. She becomes in shape and healthier overtime. Marsha starts her own gym. She now travels around the world offering healthy eating tips.
Charlie was underemployed. Charlie felt that he needed to get a new and better job. He sent many resumes to prospective employers. Charlie scheduled several interviews. Charlie was given the option of choosing a job from several offers.
Jenny got the news her friend had cancer. She had to raise money for some of her bills. So she baked some cookies to help pay for the bills. Jenny baked and sold at least 2000 cookies. She made a nice contribution toward her friends bills.
I went to the drugstore yesterday. I needed floss but I couldn't find it. I asked for help. But no one knew where the floss was. I had to leave the store.
Tom was a fitness enthusiast. Tom wanted to improve his fitness. He decided to move to Arizona. He would train outdoors all summer. He felt his fitness improve due to the heat.
Beth would dream of the most wonderful places to visit. One time she met a Unicorn named Francis. They played and laughed together in the candy fields. Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly! Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime.
Bev and her brother loved to ride their bikes down big hills. The bigger the better. One day Bev hit a rock on the way down. She went flying over the handlebars. Fortunately she just got scraped up a bit.
Lisa was a teacher wanting to become a principal. She always knew what to say. So she pulled some strings and became principal. However, she didn't know what she was doing. So the school had all kinds of troubles.
Lana was starting her first day at a new school. She was so scared that nobody would like her! But when the teacher introduced her, the other kids smiled. Then, at lunch, they invited her to sit with them. Lana made a dozen friends on her very first day!
Amy was cleaning a fan in her house. She was standing on a ladder to reach the blades. Amy began to lose her balance. She grabbed onto the fan blades. Amy broke the fan blades as she fell to the floor.
Ted was head of his division at work. He didn't like firing people and was always obliged to do it. That day, he postponed talking to the employee he had to fire. At the end of the day his boss told him it was okay. It turned out they had extra money and could keep the employee.
Sergei didn't know a lot of English. He learned mostly from watching TV. He'd put a DVD in Russian with English closed captioning. And slowly he'd build his vocabulary and understand the grammar. After many years, he could hold conversations and read books.
Rachel was visiting her aunt's house. They were eating breakfast when Rachel accidentally spilled her cup. Her orange juice spilled onto the table and a doily table cloth. Her aunt tried to salvage the cloth but it was soaked. Unfortunately the doily was ruined forever.
Paul was travelling first class. He drank a whole bottle of champagne. He passed out, and woke up after they landed. The plane was dark and everyone was gone. Paul looked outside and the plane was floating on the ocean.
Gina was driving home. There was a street she wanted to take home which was closed. But today there was no sign saying it was closed. Gina wondered if she could now drive on the street. But the street wasn't paved, so she continued to drive past it.
Gerry went to the doctor complaining of headaches. He had an x-ray. The doctor found a brain tumor. The doctor operated on the tumor. Gerry died during the operation on the tumor.
I went to the office to follow up with my appointment. The front desk worker escorted me to a room. One of the medical staff took a blood test. Afterwards, I had to wait an hour for the doctor to come. The doctor discussed my results with me.
The kids were playing outside. They played a game with sticks. Some of the kids pretended to be knights. They had imaginary horses and stormed the imaginary castle. They had a lot of fun playing that day.
Tom was invited to a party. He wasn't sure about the address. He went to the neighborhood and looked for it. Tom eventually wound up at a party he found. It wasn't the one he was looking for but he had fun.
There was a noise in the garage. I went to check it out, it was very dark. I grabbed the flashlight and looked around. I saw two glowing eyes looking back at me! It was just a baby raccoon, but boy did it scare me at first.
One day, Bob's dog ran out the door as Bob was leaving the house. Bob called the dog's name, but he kept running away and disappeared. Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood. Bob's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog. Bob's neighbor returned his dog and Bob gave him a $100 reward.
My car ended up breaking down on the side of the road last month. I ended up having to get it towed to my local auto shop. The technicians stated that my engine misfired and needed a new coil. They were able to fix my car the next day. Since then my car has worked fine.
Jenna and her friends decided to have a lemonade stand. The girls set up a small stand in the backyard for customers. As customers started arriving, they loved the lemonade. At the end of the day, the girls made $100. Jenna and her friends were elated.
Sawyer's favorite activity was surfing. He was really excited about an upcoming trip to Hawaii. When he got there, rain started falling very hard. The rain kept going for most of his trip. Sawyer was sad that he couldn't surf for the majority of his trip.
Ed left his apartment for work. On his way out of the building, he realized he didn't have his key. He realized he left his key on the counter. He called his roommate and asked him to unlock the door. Ed was able to get back inside and get his key.
I played a game of chess online with my friend Joe tonight. Although it was a speed game, the match got into the end game. I thought I was going to have a draw. But I found that if I moved my king one way I could force a victory. I did so, and Joe resigned.
Anna decided to try her hand at making stew. She chopped and simmered her beef. Then she added everything to the slow cooker. After a few hours she tasted her stew. It was delicious!
Danielle was very much aware of her beauty. She had won multiple local contests and was proud of it. In her thirties, she felt she still needed validation. So she went outside one night. When everyone turned to look at her, she knew she still had it.
John was at a child's birthday. He was very bored. He cut the cake and ate a piece. It was delicious, so he ate another. All total, John ate over half of the child's birthday cake.
Howard was working in the office when the fire alarm went off. He could smell smoke. The whole building was evacuated and waited outside. It turned out someone left some bread in the toaster oven. It was a minor fire and was easily remedied.
Jim made a Christmas ornament in school. He brought it home to his mom. He worried that she wouldn't like it. But she reacted very favorably! She hung Jim's ornament on the tree right away.
Gertrude notices that her lawn had grown very long. She is concerned that her neighbors will complain about it. One day she mows the grass on her entire lawn. Now her lawn looks neat and clean. Gertrude is happy that her lawn no longer looks so messy.
Tom moved to a new city. He felt very lonely there. Tom wanted to find a way to make new friends. He joined a jogging group to meet people. Tom now has jogging friends.
One day Shannon decided to go to the craft show. She met lots of people who made interesting crafts. Then she had a hot dog for lunch at a picnic table. Then she voted for her favorite crafts. Her favorite won!
Vincent was in a rut. He hasn't done anything new or exciting in years. Not wanting to live a life of regret, Vincent moved. Now Vincent lives an exciting life with new friends. Vincent knows he wont regret it.
Jesse was a young boy who didn't have many friends. He met a girl at school who wanted to spend every day with him. Her name was Karen. They fast became best friends. Jesse didn't need a lot of friends now that he had Karen.
As I walked down the sidewalk I noticed a nice dog sitting there. As I walked on past him, he followed me with his eyes. I couldn't help but stop, then walk back to him. He looked at me with soulful, pleading eyes. So I took him home as my new friend, only to find it he was a she.
Saturday was Kelly's birthday. She assumed no one cared about her birthday. She came home however and found all her friends waiting for her. They all yelled surprise. Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.
Mitchell loves science. He also loves to teach. He decided to combine his two loves and become a science teacher. Mitchell was quickly hired to teach science at a high ranked school. He has since won several awards for his outstanding teaching.
It was a typical busy Saturday afternoon at the airport. As I was leaving I noticed the hallway lined with crowds of people. They were carrying signs written in Chinese, they were all smiling. The crowd broke out in song as a man passed dressed in an orange robe. I later learned the man was a very famous Tibetan Monk.
Kate lost her headphones on a road trip. Without them she had no way to listen to her music. One of the other girls let Kate use her over the ear headphones. Kate was surprised because they weren't really getting along. Kate was very grateful and the girls became closer friends.
Nelly decided to buy an apple. To her dismay though, it was rotten. She didn't know at first. She found out when she bit into it. Nelly was disgusted.
Charles checked out his motel room and didn't want to wait for a bus. He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car. He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse. Charles bought the Eclypse for three thousand dollars. The engine died after twelve months.
Gary loved visiting the bank. They had a revolving door. He usually got to go around 4 or 5 times before he had to stop. Today there was no one around. His mom let him go 10 times before she made him get out.
Remi was eager to learn about Hindu culture. She visited a temple in the city. She took a tour and learned a lot. WHen she went home, she continued to learn about the religion. Remi decided to convert to Hinduism.
Francine was exhausted from school. She was in a hurry to go home and relax. Unfortunately, she was not paying attention to her speedometer. A policeman pulled her over and gave her a ticket. Francine vowed to be more attentive with her driving.
Joe and his son went to the zoo together. When they got through the gate, they got separated. Joe looked everywhere, but could not find his son. Eventually he went to the security office for help. When Joe walked in, he saw his son sitting there crying.
One time in university I waited until the last minute to write a paper. I stayed up all night and only slept for 30 minutes. Even the 30 minutes of sleep was by accident. The next day I had an emotional breakdown from not sleeping. I decided that in the future, I would not procrastinate so severely.
Jake loves homemade soup. His mom always made it for him. He decided to make it himself. He bought all the ingredients. When it was ready, it tasted delicious.
Tom adored eating candy. One day, he realised that his sweet tooth had led to weight gain. Tom vowed to make changes to improve his health. He joined a gym and began to eat candy just once a week. After a few months, he had lost fourteen pounds.
Rory has never won a contest before. He noticed an ad for an online raffle. The prize for the raffle was a computer. Rory decided to give it a shot and entered the raffle. A month later, Rory leaped when he read the congratulatory email.
The ride was exhilarating. I screamed loudly with every turn. My son gripped my arm for dear life. My husband and daughter just laughed at us. We all had a great time on the rollercoaster.
Jerry was drunk at a casino. He had lost a lot of money. He went to the roulette wheel. He bet everything he had on black. He lost what he had.
Renny looked at the calendar and saw she was late for her period. She went to the store and bought a home pregnancy test. She took the test without reading the instructions. She waited 30 minutes to read the results and it was positive! She started her period that night so the test was a false positive.
Crime in the city had gotten very bad. A new gang had moved in. The police focused on breaking the gang up. After many months, they finally started to see progress. They were determined to keep the people of the city safe.
Tony was trying to play fight with me. I tried to resist hitting her back although she wouldn't stop. At some point, I became mad. Therefore, I pushed her. She fell back and smacked her head on the ground.
Time had been cruel to Mary's garden. She had not had one for over ten Year's. One day she decided that she wanted a garden again. She spent many days and weekends getting the garden ready to plant. After the first seeds were planted, Mary was happy.
Kim's mother bought her a poker set for Christmas. But she didn't really know how to play. The instructions didn't make much sense. So they made up their own rules for the game. They played with the set for hours.
Serena was being bullied by her classmate Kyle. It was increasingly weighing on her psyche. One day Serena decided that she had had enough. Serena punched Kyle in the nose. She was suspended, but didn't mind too much.
Jane tried to make dinner. She cooked chicken. Unfortunately she didn't do it all the way. The meat was still raw. Jane got sick because of it.
Rick is working at his store. A customer comes in to complain. He tells Rick his shop has too many bad products. Rick gets offended. Rick closes his shop and quits his work.
Larry was playing bass in a band. He hadn't tuned his bass. He couldn't hear that he was out of tune. The noise was too loud. But everyone in the crowd noticed.
Barry always wanted to play the violin. Barry had a friend that was willing to teach him to play the violin. After one lesson, Barry realized that the violin is difficult to play. Barry, had two more lessons before he decided to stop. Barry realized that he was not cut out to play the violin.
Terence loved music. Terence began practicing becoming a DJ in his free time. He quickly became an adept DJ. He hosted small parties. He eventually got paid gigs and became a successful DJ.
Patrick loves to play on his computer all the time. His parents told him if he ever acted bad they would take it away. One day Patrick decided not to do his chores and talked back. His parents took the computer away and erased all the information. Patrick learned then not to behave bad or there are consequences.
Johnny wasn't sure what made red velvet cake red. He just knew it was delicious! He watched as his mother made one. He was going to find out the big secret at last! He was disappointed that the secret was a few drops of food coloring.
Amy had been driving her car for 10 years. One day the part over the seat belt fell off and hit her in the head. Amy was driving and couldn't move the piece until she stopped. At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place. Amy ended up yanking it off so she could continue driving.
She had awoken filled with hope. The day before had been terrible for work. She looked over the choices, and realized today was no better. She found something she could do. She worked on it for hours.
Two children were having a philosophical argument about Jack Frost One child argued that Jack Frost was evil for bringing cold. The other argued that Jack Frost was good for bringing snow. Neither child would give in. But after ten minutes they agreed to disagree.
Kelly had an experience with closet theft. Because of this she decided to get a lock. She ended up getting a fingerprint lock. She loved it. Now she could have some piece of mind.
Yesterday Tina got a terrible sunburn. She tried putting some aloe on it to make it better. When she was done with the aloe, she realized she got it on her shirt. Tina was upset because the shirt was ruined. Thankfully however, the aloe ended up washing out.
May was driving home with her granddaughter Lucy. May knew the girl was sad. The boy she liked liked another girl. May offered to take the girl to get ice cream. May knew it was serious when Lucy declined.
John rode his bike home. He got a flat tire. He started carrying his bike while walking. His father sees John with his broken bike. His father pumped air on John's flat tire.
Shane was addicted to playing the app Fun Run. His parents hated how much he played it. They decided to try and use the app to motivate him. Every five races he played on Fun Run he had to run a mile. He ended up losing weight and go to play his app as well.
The teacher blew his whistle. Everyone climbed up their rope. Several people fell after a few seconds. My friend and I were the last ones that remained. He ended up falling before I did.
Diva is a white chihuahua. Diva is not allowed in the garden. Diva went into the garden. Diva was scolded by her owner. Diva never went into the garden again.
Will had a son in high school. One day the son told Will he wanted to talk about something. Will's son informed him that he wanted to join the military. Will felt both proud and anxious. Today, Will's son is a highly decorated officer in the US Marines.
Norma and Robert were trying to decide on lunch. This was often a bit of a chore. Norma would suggest something, Robert would disagree. Then Robert would suggest something, and Norma would disagree. By the time they decided to just grab a burger, it was dinner time.
Gail heard a noise outside her window. She leaned over the side of the bed  to look outside. A strange man's face peered in at her. Gail screamed so loud she woke up her daughter. They could both hear the man running down the street.
It was Joe's first baseball game. His team had practiced all month. Joe wanted to make his parents proud. However, Joe ended up losing the game. Joe's parents ended up still being proud that he tried.
Burns had just come home from a long day of work. He wanted to eat a very big dinner. When he opened the fridge, he saw nothing was there. After that, he ran to the restaurant. After eating, Burns was very satisfied.
Jack thought his new trench coat was very sleek. He wore it no matter the season. One day he noticed a small tear in the back. Spiders were crawling out of the breach. Jack doesn't wear his trench coat any more.
John bought a turkey fryer for Thanksgiving dinner. He set it up on his deck and started cooking. Unfortunately, the oil overflowed and spilled onto the burner. The oil caught fire and soon the deck was burning too. Both the dinner and the deck were ruined that Thanksgiving.
The man played tennis. He did really bad. He took some lessons. He played again. The lessons did not improve his performance much.
Liz has a big geometry test tomorrow. She has been studying all week but still doesn't feel ready. She got to class and was extremely nervous. Her teacher noticed how nervous the students seemed. She decided to move the test to the next day.
I got a new home telephone. I hardly ever used it. The telephone began to ring for the first time. I answered it and it was a telemarketer. I unplugged the telephone right away.
On Netflix Andrew's favorite show got new episodes. Andrew the next day got snacks . He was ready to binge watch the new season. He played the first episode and enjoyed it. He watched twenty-two episodes in one day.
The kid's dad came home from work with a swing set. He unloaded it and got to work assembling it. It took hours to build. Before bed, the kids got to climb around on it. They couldn't wait til tomorrow to play some more!
The family bought a cow from a rancher. THey planned on having it butchered. They thought grass-fed beef was better for their health. But they felt too bad to kill it. They kept him alive on their farm for ten years.
Barry was with his friends. Barry seen his friend light up a smoke. Barry was asked if he wanted a hit. Barry said sure why not. Barry ended up smoking and became addicted.
Sal grew corn in his field. He took a few ears and buttered them. Then he put them in the microwave. The kernels began to explode. Sal had made his own popcorn!
When Jan is five a firefighter saves her from a burning house But she has scars on 70 percent of her body. She is teased as a child and treated like a monster as an adult. The emotional pain becomes crippling. Eventually she retires to a cabin far from civilization.
Amelia loved to try new things. When she went to the coffee shop, she asked for something new. She drank the new coffee and actually liked it. She bought it a few times after that and still enjoyed it. But a week later, she was bored, and had to try something new again.
Janet was serving an old couple on a Sunday. She did her best to give them good service. The couple seemed pleased with her. At the end of the meal they left a terrible tip. Janet never knew why.
Luca was baptized in the Catholic church. When he was older, he lost his faith. He converted to Islam. His father was angry and wouldn't speak to him. Luca flew to Syria to join Isis.
Adam was at work when his boss called him into the office. The boss told him he had not been doing a very good job. Adam asked the boss what he was going to do to him. The boss told Adam he was going to have to let him go. Adam got fired and left the office.
Elliot loves the cold. Sadly, he lives in Hawaii. After graduating high school he moved  to Alaska. He was so happy in the cold. Elliott plans to stay in Alaska forever.
Mike lost his job. It was almost time to pay his mortgage. Mike was worried about how he would pay his bills on time. He filed for unemployment and looked for work daily. He found a new job and paid all his bills on time.
Timmy had a speech, exam review and a project due today. He ate a good breakfast and went to school. He went to work and took off his phone to avoid distractions. Despite not finishing, he went to bed. His assignments were submitted the following day.
Marcus was an English teacher in America. One day, Marcus decided he wanted to teach abroad. Marcus moved to Korea to teach English. All the students loved Marcus. Marcus was happy with his decision to move.
Libby was at the park playing on the swings. Her big brother bet her she couldn't swing as high as he could. She was confident she could! She kicked as hard as she could. Her brother was impressed at how well she did.
Marco had always wanted to visit the zoo. Finally he went on a Saturday afternoon. Marco saw many animals, including a Zebra. It was a great day. He was happy that he visited the zoo.
Tim studied politics in college. He dreamed of making the world a better place. He worked in local government for many years. Tim decided to run for Senator. He was not successful in his campaign.
Kelly was excited to get a new iPod. She was in desperate need of one. Her old one died out. She finally went out and got a new one. She ended up loving it.
Billy and his parents went to the local carnival on the weekend. While there, Billy ate some cotton candy. After that, Billy played ring toss and rode the merry go round. Next, Billy and his parents rode on the Ferris wheel. Finally, the family returned back home later that evening.
Carl was not happy with his new upstairs neighbors. They rudely played loud music for hours on end. Carl asked them to be more considerate, to no avail. He appealed to his landlady for some relief. Carl's landlady helped him move to a different unit in the building.
Trey's room was on the second floor and had one window. Out of all the windows, a cat was meowing at his. He tried to ignore it for hours. Until he was so mad he opened his window to shoe it away. Turns out the cat was stabbed by a branch, Trey saved the cat's life.
Allie went to the local fair. She went on the first ride she saw. She thought it would be safe. But all of the sudden the brakes failed. Allie ended up falling out.
Sia didn't have any cash. Her boyfriend had come over earlier. They danced all through her house. Sia was very happy. She decided it was okay she didn't have money to go out.
Joey's parents never talked about money in front of their son. He heard some kids at school bragging about their dads' salaries. The kids asked Joey how much money his dad made. Joey replied with a sum he thought sounded impressive. The kids laughed and told everyone Joey lived in the poor house.
Scott was scared of shots. He always cried. His mom told him he had to get a flu shot. He made the appointment for after school. When he got to the doctor, he barely felt the needle.
Lois wanted to get away for a quiet vacation. She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options. Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show. They found a lake cabin to rent less than 3 hours away. Lois and her husband had a nice time at the lake.
Yesterday I took my mother to the quilt show. She doesn't drive or do things alone so I take her out to do things. The quilts were surprisingly cool. After the quilt show we went to have tea. It was a nice outing with my mother.
Bryan was excited to start playing football. He was finally old enough to play tackle football. His first practice he got his helmet and pads. Bryan wanted to play linebacker. After a few practices Bryan's coach let him play middle linebacker.
Matt and his sister were walking along the beach looking for shells. All of a sudden he noticed one was moving. He picked it up. When he turned it over he saw a little animal inside. It was a hermit crab in the wild.
My friend Jeremy called the other day. He asked me to fly out to California for a visit. He let me know that there was an exciting show going on. When I hung up the phone, I was so excited I couldn't stand it. I immediately called my friend Jacob and invited him along.
Tina was inflating balloons for a party. Her friend wanted to pull a prank on her. She put a balloon to her ear and popped it. Tina freaked out and peed her pants. She slapped the friend and went home.
We all grew up playing an instrument. My cousin Jon played guitar till he was 30. My cousin Aaron played the drums. I played the bass and sang as well. It was like a concert every time we got together.
My wife retired from work two weeks ago. Her boss is having trouble filling her job. One person was supposed to come to work on a Monday, but never showed. Others have scheduled interviews but have not shown up. She is at her wits' end.
I have a favorite memory of when I was a young teen. My mom would drive us to the local news room every weekend. You could smell printed magazines and see buckets of penny candy. We would fill up a paper bag with bubble gum and other choices. Sometimes I could buy a teen magazine and those were the best days.
Lynette had designed a puppet show. It was supposed to teach kids about bullying. She asked a lot of schools if she could come to them. They all said no. Lynette felt so discouraged!
Briana and Taylor went to summer camp together. One night, Briana was feeling very homesick. Finally, she asked her counselor to call her mom so she could go home. Tayler was sad and tried to convince her to stay. Unfortunately, Briana was to unhappy and she did go home.
Our friends gathered around the campfire to make s'mores. My marshmallow caught on fire. I couldn't stop laughing long enough to blow out the flame. My marshmallow was completely burnt and black. Jimmy said he'd eat it because he likes them burnt.
Ali's husband took her on a vineyard tour. They stopped at five different vineyards. Ali sampled wine at each one. By the end of the day she'd bought four different bottles. Ali had really enjoyed the vineyard tour!
Jeff is having a cookout. All of his friends and family are there. Jeff is cooking the food. He gets distracted. Jeff burns everyone's food.
I planned to be productive after finishing my class. When summer started, I've slept for a few days. I've became extremely lazy. I wasn't able to sign up for classes since the deadline passed. In addition, I had several late payments on bills.
Helen was travelling and had forgotten her shampoo. Her budget was tight so she stopped at a discount store. There she bought a cheap bottle of shampoo. That night she tried washing her hair but the shampoo was horrible. It made her hair even greasier, so she threw it out.
Tom's neighbors had a dog. They didn't treat it well. Tom often found it looking hungry. He would feed it when he got the chance. Eventually Tom had to call the authorities.
I love recycling! Two days ago I went around looking for cans. They have a five cent deposit in my state. I looked in garbage cans and up and down every street. At the end of the day I made ten bucks just returning trash.
Frank needed money to buy clothes. So Frank opened up his laptop. He went on the website Mturk. He signed into Mturk and began to do hits. Frank earned enough money to buy new clothes.
I had never gone to a military ball before. Last week I finally got a chance. I wore one of the prettiest dresses I own. I did my hair up and accessorized. It was a great and fancy night.
My friends and I decided to go swimming in the ocean. We jumped into the cold water. We were swimming for about ten minutes when my friend screamed. He swam to the shore crying. He had been stung by a jellyfish.
Amy had a husband named Bobby. Bobby was a creepy guy, and one day he creeped on their babysitter. Amy was shocked, and promptly asked for a divorce. Bobby started creeping on Amy, and Amy got a bat. Amy bashed in his skull, and Bobby creeped on the floor.
Joe thought it was dark in the house. The trees had grown too close to the windows. Joe decided to cut them back. He got the hedgetrimmer from the shed. Soon the trees were trimmed.
Rowan's cat was being very energetic one day. Rowan was attempting to do some yard work anyway. The cat kept trying to go outside every time Rowan exited. Rowan had the front lawn all dug up and muddy. The cat managed to escape paws first right into the mud.
Pete wanted to get more people to come to his pizzeria. He stood on the road and held a pizza box over his head. Drivers slowed down to see what was going on. He would then shout that Pete's pizza was the best pizza. About one in five cars pulled into the parking lot after Pete's stunt.
Kate and her family were home during a blackout. They had been in the darkness for 3 hours. When the power came back on they all cheered. They turned the lights back on gleefully. They all danced around with the lights on and music playing.
Kim was excited for cheer tryouts. She had been practicing for weeks. She knew her cheer and could tumble. During tryouts, Kim did everything perfectly. Members were announced and Kim made it.
Sophia needed to pick up a few groceries. She hoped to be quickly in and out. Unfortunately the store was wildly crowded, slowing her down. She tried her best but it still took twenty minutes. Still she made it home with everything she needed.
Beth felt a sense of doom. She hid in the closet. Her mom came home. She looked for Beth. She found Beth after one hour.
Stan was going to be a scientist when he grew up. He liked to take apart everything he could get his hands on. His mother would hide the screwdrivers, so he'd use a butter knife. She grew tired of having nothing that was put together anymore. She finally solved this by buying a cart of thrift store electronics.
Sheila's snooty neighbor invited her over for tea. Sheila knew she had to bring something. She found mealworms in the flour as she began making cookies. Sheila went ahead and baked the cookies anyway. She smiled as she handed the plate of cookies to her neighbor.
Dori's birthday was coming up. She never had a birthday party. Dori always wanted to have a big birthday celebration. On her birthday her friends planned a huge surprise party for her. Dori was so happy and had so much fun on her birthday.
Sam went to get food. He went by the drive through. On the way home he noticed he didn't get fries. He went back to let them know. They gave him extra fries as an apology.
Rita was just dumped by her boyfriend. Rita was very lonely. She wanted to meet a new boyfriend. She joined OKCupid. She found herself a new boyfriend.
July was fishing with some friends. The coast guard came to his boat. He showed them his life jacket and fish. He showed the Coast Guard his fishing license. Then the Coast Guard left.
Amy had forgotten to defrost meat for supper. It was her turn to cook. Amy went to the store. She found the cheapest meat on sale. Amy went home and cooked supper.
Ann strove to be a great dancer and focused on perfection. She practiced rigorously to master every movement. At her first big ballet audition, Ann danced with technical precision. However, she was outshone by a dancer filled with expressive passion. Ann saw that emotion is as important to great artistry as mechanics.
Tom went to the county fair with friends. He had fried foods. He then went on a rollercoaster. His stomach felt fine the whole time. Tom kept eating and riding all night long.
I played six games of chess with my friend Jim last night. We played online speed chess. Jim won four in a row and was exuberant. Then he lost the next two games and was down. He stopped playing after that.
Dale loved to drive racecars. He ran in a race against other drivers. He crashed his car and was hurt. Dale was rushed to the hospital. He was treated for his injuries and will race again someday.
Jeremy wanted to make the best sandwich he had ever had. He went to the best stores to buy ingredients. He even imported cured meats from Europe. After laboring on it for hours, he finally took a bite. He sadly realized that his sandwich tasted no better than fast food.
I looked for an interesting game in the arcade to play. I found a dart game that seemed interesting. Since someone else was using the machine, I waited for him. He ignored my presence and continued to play. The machine was out of order since he took all of the tickets.
Frank was on a family trip. They were supposed to arrive at their family's house by dinner. On the highway they hit a huge amount of traffic. It was taking so long. By the time they got out, they were set back hours in their drive.
Tim had dedicated his life to teaching. He had been a teacher for over 40 years. The day had come and he announced to all his students he will retire. Tim gets a bunch of hugs from all of his students. Tim is sad but knows his time as a teacher is over.
Tom was working a paper route to save up and buy a bicycle. He would walk his route and make Twenty Dollars everyday. One day, Tom was at the store with his mom and saw a santa. The santa had a pot and was ringing a bell, asking for money. Tom decided that others needed the money more than he needed a bike.
One day Sammy was playing around inside the house. She played even though her mom told her not to play inside. While playing, Sammy accidentally broke a vase! She was so scared that her mom was going to scold her. In the end her mom felt bad for her and just told her to be careful.
Grant just got some big news. His girlfriend was pregnant. Grant was so surprised and happy. Grant anxiously awaited the 9 months. The day Grant's baby was born he was the happiest guy in the world.
Hugo was a skilled surgeon. However, he was greedy and only did it for the money. He did not care for his patients as long as he got paid. One day, Hugo got into a car accident and broke both his hands. His damaged hands prevented him from working in medicine ever again.
My wife loves bees and we started keeping them a year ago. One night we got a call about a big hive near our house. We arrived and saw the huge hive was in a tree. After long hours we extracted the hive and brought it home. Now the bees are safe and happy in our backyard.
Connor packed up his truck. He was going on a week long fishing trip. He packed bait and tackle and his sleeping bag. He was ready to catch some big fish! He had been looking forward to this for weeks!
Tammy hated all her bras. She decided to buy a new one. She went to a special place. They measured her specifically. Tammy's new bra fit better than any before.
Jim was exhausted from the night before. He had been out partying rather than studying for his exam. On the day of his exam, he decided to guess on every question. He thought he had failed the exam. When he received his grade the next day, he was surprised to get a B.
Dan loved watching the various sports on the Olympics. Currently, Dan is watching Olympic competition water polo. Dan had never seen a waterpolo game before, and was intrigued. Dan could only imagine the stamina it took to swim and defend. Dan was quite enthralled with water polo at the Olympics.
Jon had always wanted a cat ever since he was a little kid. His mom would never allow him to have a cat because she had allergies. When Jon finally moved into his own house, he bought a cat. When he brought it home everything was fine, for a few days. Jon soon realized that he had cat allergies and gave the cat away.
Tom liked fast cars. He enjoyed the feeling of high speed on back roads. He traded in his Civic for a new Porsche. He floored the accelerator pedal going around a tight turn on a hill. The police discovered the demolished car at the bottom of the hill.
Mark decided he didn't want to just buy his kids a tree off of a lot. He wanted to go to a Christmas tree farm this year. He wanted to cut down the tree himself! But instead of appearing manly, he had trouble sawing the trunk. The tree fell over on top of him as his kids laughed.
Anthony used internet software to self-publish a Rap magazine. Someone on facebook was impressed and asked Anthony how was business? Anthony said he would only sale a few copies online. Anthony's new friend was a rich lawyer and invited Anthony out. Anthony got a limo ride, dinner and drinks, all thanks to his mag.
Ben was a struggling actor. He went to several auditions. He finally got a call back on one of them. Ben got the part. He was excited to start getting paid to do what he loved.
Tom noticed that his windshield was covered with bird poop. He parked his car under a tree filled with birds. He took his car to the car wash to get it washed. He also waxed his car for added protection. His car was sparkly clean and shiny afterwards.
One day I decided to cook chicken. I chopped up the chicken and put it in the oven. The chicken began to burn after a few minutes. The burning chicken set off the fire alarm. After this, I decided to stop trying to cook chicken.
I was in the car yesterday waiting for my friends. The temperature was incredibly hot. I felt like I was suffocating. I could hardly deal with the heat. Thankfully my friends came back soon.
Alex was making a diorama for school. He had painted some bushes for the setting. When it was all done, he wasn't satisfied. Then, he had an idea. He went outside and found some grass to make real bushes.
Kia wanted to lighten her hair. Her mom said she wasn't old enough to use dyes. She bought Kia a bottle of lemon juice instead. Kia doubtfully applied it, then sat in the sun. To her happy shock, her hair lightened considerably!
Emma was at a coffee house. She ordered her drink. The barista misunderstood Emma's name. Emma didn't hear her name called. Her drink got cold while she waited.
Anna was invited to go sailing. She had never been and was a bit fearful. But she agreed to go with her friends. In the end, she had a wonderful day on the water! Anna was glad she had taken a chance on a new experience.
Enid's class went to an apple orchard. She came home with a big basket of apples. She and her mother made an apple pie together. The family had it for dinner that night. It was delicious!
I met Graham while bowling with friends. We had a lot in common, and were instantly attracted to each other. We started spending more time together and going out on dates. After a few years, he proposed on one of our dates, and I said yes! Now we are happily married and immensely in love with each other.
Caleb was diagnosed with Sensory Processing Disorder. He was freaking out over sensory items and sounds. He fell to his knees at the loud roar of a motorcycle, covering ears. He ran to me for comfort afterward. I held him until he felt better.
I walked my dog through the neighborhood today. An area close by is inhabited by deaf families. They have a road sign that we passed indicated deaf children present. We were diligent that we watched for any kids on their own. My son who is apraxic wanted to find a child to talk to.
Sam got a new record player. He was excited to try it out. When he first played a record it sounded terrible. He was afraid that the player was broken. Same tried other records and realized the player wasn't the problem.
Matt had a water bottle in his backpack. And he thought it was tightly secured. But when he had to turn in his homework, it was soaked. And he realized the rest of his backpack was wet too. Matt always carried water bottles in a separate container afterwards.
Amy was feeling good about her first day in junior high. Her 2nd class was English. English was Amy's favorite subject. She felt confident enough to raise her hand and answer questions. Amy felt like she had this junior high thing in the bag.
Juanita wants a new pair of skinny jeans. However, her friends tell her she is too old for this style of jeans. Juanita decides to buy skinny jeans anyway. Juanita feels very good when she wears her new skinny jeans. She is very happy that she ignored her friends advice about the jeans.
Jake had a twin named William. Jake was lazy, while William was hardworking. Jake went to Will's work one day disguised as Will. He worked hard, and then took home Will's paycheck. He cashed the check, and never told his brother.
Josh tried out for baseball. He hit all the pitches. He ran the bases as fast as he could. He was convinced he had a great tryout. He was excited when he made the team.
Jessica was a very smart girl. No matter what she was learning in school, she always did well. Every single thing she did, she did well on. She loved that school came so easily for her. She was such a good student that she decided to become a teacher!
Connor got into a fight at school. The teachers broke up the fight. Connor was brought into the principal's office. His parents were called to a meeting at school. Connor's parents punished him for the fight.
A little boy went to a shoe store. He wanted to buy his mom shoes. He didn't have enough money. A man paid for him. The boy was so happy!
Earl wanted to sign his daughter up for ballet class. Earl looked through the internet for an experienced ballet teacher. After finding the class, Earl decided to pay a visit to the class. Earl was impressed with the teacher, studio, and the staff. Earl decided to sign his daughter up for ballet classes at the studio.
Sarah really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology. Unfortunately, Sarah lacked the research experience necessary. Sarah got a job as a research technician. She worked very hard for two years. After that, she was accepted to a top PhD program.
Dora and Lena were children during The Great Depression. Their parents were very poor and they lived in a very small house. The girls were thankful to be able to share an orange at Christmas. It was the only gift their parents could afford. Dora and Lena grew up to be very frugal except at Christmas!
Dan hated to iron his work clothes. After ironing his clothes every week for months, Dan had a idea. Dan decided he would take his clothes to the dry cleaners instead. After picking up his clothes, Dan was pleased with the service. Dan was glad that he decided to take the clothes to the dry cleaners.
I didn't know what to do. The letter was very confusing. He sounded like he wanted her back. Yet he claimed dedication to me. I couldn't tell him what I knew.
Adam angered a classmate one day. He accidentally pushed the classmate in the hall. The girl, angry, challenged him to a fight. Ben agreed to meet her in the yard after classes. But to his relief, she never showed up!
A rainstorm had caused severe damage to the roof of the house. Jill decided to bring her stuff down from the attic. When she brought everything down, she noticed something was left over. It was an old photo album. Inside, to her delight, were her old baby pictures!
I was sitting with my friends eating lunch when I got stung by a bee. The bee came and stung me and I screamed. I ran to the nurse to get some ice. I could see the black stinger inside me. I immediately started being afraid of bees since.
Joan was in a book reading club. She read half of the book of the month. Joan really hated the book. She went to the meeting and voiced her opinion. Several of the other members hated the book as well.
Nelly walked into the office and tried to make herself appear calm. She knew she was qualified, but despite that she still felt worried. Her interviewer, Ally, approached her with a smile. During the interview, Ally and Nelly really connected. Nelly walked out of the interview feeling confident and proud.
Henry is at work. He is talking to another woman. He plans on seeing her after work. Henry's wife calls him. He tells her he has to stay late at work.
Lucy was checking out at Blockbuster. There was cute guy who worked there. Lucy spotted him outside talking to a girl. The girl kissed him on the lips and left. Lucy was heartbroken.
Jeb Bush wanted to become the president of the United States. He raised a lot of money to start his campaign. He gathered a decent following of people who supported him. He didn't do very well in the primaries. Jeb Bush dropped out of the presidential race.
Megan and Blake were highschool sweethearts. They dated off and on for 12 years. Everyone always knew they would get married. Blake waited until their 15th year anniversary to pop the question. Megan said yes she would marry him.
Karen invited friends over for her baby shower. Her friends brought presents and desserts. Karen opened her presents, and they ate and talked. They played some typical baby shower games. Her friends went home, and she went to bed.
I applied to 7 colleges. I got wait-listed from my first choice. I was accepted to my second and third, but third offered more money. I went to my third choice college. I have great friends and am glad I chose here.
Pete needed some extra help with his homework. His teacher recommended that he go to tutoring. There was a free tutoring club at the school. Pete decided to join and get help. The tutoring really helped improve his grades.
Janet lost one of her earrings. He looked everywhere for it. Eventually she gave up and tried to buy another pair. The only ones she found were really expensive. Janet decided to just stop wearing them.
Mark wanted to find someplace new to move to. He did his research based on the places he wanted to visit. He decided to move to Florida because of its nice weather. Although the move was a hassle, Mark enjoyed his new home. Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident.
Amber and Lori stole a car one night. They ended up crashing the car. They caused a lot of damage. They lied about what happened. Their parents knew their story was fabricated!
I went and bought some eyeliner today. At first I thought I would like it. Then when I went home I didn't like it. I had to go back and return it. Luckily I got my money back.
Sally decided it was time for lunch. She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat. She decided to make herself a sandwich. Sally ate her sandwich. After she finished her sandwich, Sally was full.
Jenny started a new job. She was a secretary at a school. She learned all the kids' names. She also answered the phones. Jenny liked her new  job a lot.
Jim went skydiving for the first time. In the middle of the fall the leader fell unconscious. With little training Jim pulled the parachute hoping it would work. The jolt knocked the leader awake. He steered the parachute down safely and gave Jim a refund.
It was Darnell's first flying lesson today. He was nervous, but excited. He got into the plane with his instructor. They took off and were flying. Darnell couldn't believe it, he was flying a plane!
I went to the bank to apply for a house loan. I want to move out of my parents house. The bank denied my application. I didn't have any credit score. Looks like I will be living with my parents for a little while.
Chase was all set to go. He had his backpack on and all his supplies were in it. He left the cabin and began walking on the trail. Soon, the trail got very tough and grueling. Chase battled through it and made it to his campsite.
Sebastian was bored on his summer vacation. His mom told him to find something constructive to do. He went next door and helped the elderly man in his yard. The man was so happy he hired Sebastian to help him every week. Now Sebastian isn't bored and he has money for ice cream every day.
Jane was in class as her teacher gave a lesson. The teacher wrote a question on the chalkboard. Jane couldn't quite make it out. She was having a hard time seeing this far away. She realized she would need to move to a closer desk.
Maya was walking alongside a river, looking for frogs. She was stepping on smooth rocks when she slipped. She fell and hit her head on some rocks. For a second, she felt really dizzy and lightheaded. Luckily, she was able to get back up and walk home safely.
Stacy and Steve were in the 10th grade and dating. They loved each other very much but Steve started to become obsessive. Stacy recognized this was a problem and tried to break up with Steve. But Steve refused to let her go and began stalking her. Unfortunately,Steve ended up murdering Stacy and is now in jail.
Sam's dad had promised to build him a treehouse. But it had been months and still no treehouse! Sam vowed to try to build it by himself. But he found that he had no idea how to get started. He was forced to wait for his dad!
Ana found an old record player at the thrift store. She bought it and brought it home. Then she found an old record and put it on. She couldn't believe how it sounded. Records were even better than CDs!
Norman went with his class on a ski trip. Norman was excited to go skiing for the first time. The class arrived at the base camp. There were reports of a recent avalanche. The slopes were closed for the day, and Norman's class went home.
My son took his allowance money and bought a new baseball glove. When he got home he was excited. He asked the boy next door to come out and play. They met in the front yard. They realized they didn't have a baseball.
Stephen had never been to a broadway show before. He had gotten tickets. They were expensive, but he hoped they would be worth it. He took his seat. The show began and he was in heaven.
Cara tripped over a crack in the sidewalk. She cried as she dropped the bag of balls she was carrying. They went everywhere! Some kind passer-bys helped her collect them all back together. Cara started walking a lot more carefully so it wouldn't happen again.
Keith needed to send an email for his homework. His internet wasn't working. Keith called up a friend. His friend allowed him to use his internet. Keith was able to email his assignment.
Amy stayed in her room as long as she could. She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her. She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table. They talked for 45 minutes about breaking curfew. Afterwards Amy was happy she was only grounded for 2 weeks.
Terry was going through a big issue. He started questioning everything around him. He started believing that he is the only one who exists. No matter how his friends and family tried to convince him he wasn't. He never would budge.
Nola was slim and pretty. She wanted to be a model. She contacted an agency and showed them some photos. But to her surprise, the agency did not sign her! They told Nola she was too short to model.
Tina never wore high heels. She was going to a big dance. Tina decided to wear heels for the first time. Within the first hour her feet were killing her. Tina had to take them off and stopped dancing.
Jane played a solo at the concert. She trembled when she walked to the front of the stage. The solo was shaky at the beginning, but Jane's confidence grew. By the end, everyone was clapping. They hope to see Jane play, again.
Every month I become very sick. The pain is sometimes unmanageable. When it finally passes, I felt tired for days. It wipes me out and makes me sleepy. I recover after about a week.
My niece's college roommate had a birthday yesterday. My niece posted photos of her in an office. It looked like she was getting a checkup. In fact, she was getting her nose pierced. She had a stud placed on her nostril for her birthday.
It was Christmas eve. Sara needed to finish wrapping gifts. She went to the back room and closed the door. Then, she wrapped all of the presents. She put them under the tree.
It was Christmas eve. I was completely alone. Then, my doorbell rang. It was a group of Christmas carol singers. They made me forget about my loneliness!
A soldier was walking along a road when he saw a goat. The goat was all alone which he thought was odd. As he approached he noticed it wasn't alive. He called in backup and it was discovered to be a bomb. The soldier received a promotion for his attention to detail.
Dean saw a strange man walking outside his neighborhood. The man looked suspicious. Dean watched the man for a while. Dean went and asked his neighbor if he knew the man. Dean and his neighbor reported the suspicious neighbor.
Tom woke up late at night. He decided to drink some milk. He was too tired when he poured it. He didn't notice it was expired and gross. Tom immediately spat it out.
In high school I developed a huge crush on one guy. One day I ran into him after school and he gave me a ride. Before he dropped me off, I invited him to my house. I was so nervous and delirious about the proposal I had made. Unfortunately, my mom said he couldn't come and I was devastated.
Amy was fighting with Kim. She was embarrassed she'd pulled Lynn into the fight. Lynn was not to blame. She called Lynn and apologized. Lynn accepted, and the decided to meet at the coffee shop to talk.
I bought four used tires for my car. In a week, two of them were bad. I tried filling the holes in the tires. This did not work at all. I decided to bite the bullet and buy all new tires.
Gina sat in the plastic chair. Her legs were sticking to the material. She lifted one leg from the chair. It made a long sticking sound like velcro. She wished she were wearing pants instead.
Ben played drums in the band. His band played a gig at the pub. He forgot to bring his drum sticks. He had to use only brushes. The band was not happy about it.
Paul was being bullied by a coworker. He told his boss. His boss talked to the coworker. The coworker continued to bully. Paul sued the company.
Andy could never focus. All he wanted to do was play Xbox. His parents decided he needed to be active. They signed him up for baseball. He immediately fell in love with it and made new friends!
Ed kept making his hair stand higher and higher. He thought people's reactions to it was very funny. He managed to make it stand almost a foot up from his head. It got caught in a ceiling fan and clogged the blades. Ed had to pay for a new fan and a proper haircut.
Andrea was hot and tired. A dip in the pool sounded good right about now. She drove to the next town over and parked at the pool. They were closed for a private party. Andrea was very bummed.
The fisherman carried his tackle box and pole. He walked out on the pier to fish. Within a few minutes, he'd caught a giant marlin. He cast back into the water. He hoped to catch something else, too!
Tammy went to the store to buy some green peppers. She needed the green peppers for her stew. The store only had red peppers. She bought them anyway. Her stew was still good, even with the red peppers.
Michael decided to go on a last minute trip. He got in his car and drove to the coast. There, he went to the beach. He also went hiking and checked out some shops. Then, he went home.
ANna turned 15 and thought she was old enough to work. Her dad did not agree. He made a compromise with Anna. He told her she could babysit her cousins, but that was it. Anna accepted the deal, since she still got to earn money.
My two-year-old son wanted to play in the big kid area. He cried and cried when we put him into the toddler area. We finally relented and let him go play in the big kid area. While he was there, a big kid accidentally ran over him. My son ended up crying again.
A musician wanted to start a tour. He got his band together. They made posters. They sent them all over the world. They played a great tour.
The students were all lined up on stage. The annual spelling bee had commenced. They all took their turns spelling, one after another. The competition was winding down and only two were left. The final word was spelled and a winner announced.
Mason had been diagnosed with leukemia. He was really afraid that he might die soon. His doctor suggested a risky new drug trial. Mason decided it couldn't hurt and signed up. To his delight the drugs worked and he felt healthier soon.
Jen wanted to be a cheerleader when she was in eighth grade. All the popular girls were cheerleaders. Jen practiced the cheers but she just wasn't getting it right. She gave up on practicing and becoming a cheerleader. On the day of the try outs, Jen pretended to be sick.
Jim was a stranger to this foreign land. He traveled in a single direction, for miles and miles. The landscape rolling in endless waves. The journey finally ended as Jim and his mother pulled up to a store. A trip that's 10 minutes can seem like 100 years to a 5 year old.
Tim invited his neighbors over for a cookout. He was excited to be having friends over. In his excitement he left the meat on the grill too long. He served his guests charred hot dogs and hamburgers. Tim enrolled in cooking school the next day.
Steve was a freshman trying out for the basketball team. The coach cut him from the team after tryouts. Steve was given the feedback that he wasn't fast enough. Steve worked on his speed and agility for a year. The following year Steve became a starter on the team.
My girlfriend went into the kitchen to make an apple pie. Soon she had put the pie into the oven. I smelled smoke. I went into the kitchen and saw the smoke. Her apple pie had burned inside the oven!
Ben took his gecko out of its cage. He placed him on top of his bed. Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts. He returned to find the gecko gone. Ben noticed the gecko hiding under a pillow.
Elijah was grounded. He had snuck out too many times. As punishment he was not allowed to leave for a month. Elijah was not having it. He snuck out anyway.
Rowan went to the apple store with his two friends, Janice and Alma. At the Apple store, they looked at all the newest models of tablets. Rowan found a tablet that had enough memory and purchased it. At home, Rowan and his friends realized that the tablet was broken. They went back to complain and the manager gave them a new one.
Ronnie, seven, needed help with some of his computer homework. I invited over to my place to use my computer. For about two hours he did some math and some geography work. When he was done he went back home. The next day he told me he got A's in math and geography.
Bill's teacher was giving the class a surprise test tomorrow. He had been out partying all week and was worried. Bill went home and studied like he'd never studied before. When he went to class the next day, Bill knew he would fail the test. When the teacher gave him his grade of a B-, Bill was shocked.
Joan was an expert gardener who loved sunflowers. One morning, she woke up to water her plants. She was surprised to find all of her sunflowers off of their stems! Joan realized that a deer must have eaten her precious flowers. She sprayed deer repellent on her plants to avoid any more losses.
I tried to do the jobs to no avail. All the South American sites appeared to be down. Each one I clicked said there was no server. All the other countries worked fine. I contacted a friend who was having the same issue with the batch.
Owen was walking home late on his birthday. He was really bummed because no one had called. He sighed as he opened his apartment door. Suddenly people burst out and yelled surprise. He was so happy that his friends hadn't forgotten after all.
I like to eat cheeseburgers. But it's high in fat. So I had to find a way to make it healthier. Instead of using buns I use lettuce. Using lettuce makes the cheeseburger healthier.
Millie walked to the cupboard for a tea bag. Her four-year-old daughter watched her with a guilty look. Millie opened the cupboard and saw tea bags strewn on the floor. She asked her daughter if she was playing with the tea bags. The little girl nodded, and Millie sent her to her room.
Dirk decided to enter his dog Monster into a dog show. Monster had always been a rowdy dog, and not well behaved. But Dirk was determined to train his dog until they could win. They worked every single day trying to train obedience into him. In the end, Monster won the dog show in a landslide vote.
The swimmers lined up to start the race. Before the official blew the whistle, one person had a false start. Based on the competition policies, he had to be banned. The man got out of the water and started to cry. His parents came down to comfort him.
I was riding a bus to a small village in Ukraine. An older man sat next to me. He kept talking to me, but I didn't understand him. He also kept offering me gum. I think he was drunk.
One year at the school dance they provided free pizza. I was never much of a dancer so I just hung out around the place. Towards the end of the dance I started to get fairly hungry. My friends and I decided that we wanted some pizza. When we got to it they were all out of pizza and we were upset.
Randy was at a party. He accidentally dropped his phone. It smashed into pieces. Randy was very upset. The next day, he bought a new one.
I was really sick all last week. I was so sick that I had to go see a doctor. I called and scheduled an appointment. The doctor was available to see me right away. After seeing the doctor I feel much better.
The man started a church. He had a hard time getting members. He went door to door in the community. He seemed like a good man to the people. The church became popular.
Kevin's feet smell terrible. He left his shoes outside his hotel room to be cleaned. In the morning, they were gone. The front desk told him they were disposed off. Kevin doesn't have any shoes now.
My teacher was going yesterday's exam. She turned in my packet back for first. Since there were so many red  marks on the paper Eventually, I had a friend who helped me translate the paper. He immediately left afterwards.
Tim's girlfriend Gina starts seeing a psychologist. Tim notices that it's changing her. He doesn't like it the changes in his girlfriend . So he demands that she stop seeing the doctor. Gina responds to his ultimatum by dumping him.
Sally had trained most of her life for this. She was at the Olympics. Sally was competing in Judo. She pinned her opponent on the mat during the match. Sally won the medal and cried tears of joy.
It didn't take long for everyone to dislike Jesse. Whenever we go out, he insists on not eating any seafood. He drove us crazy today when we had to change our reservations. He made look through lists and pick out places that didn't serve fish. We ultimately decided not to invite him at all.
Omar was taking an acting class at school. He discovered he liked acting. Omar looked into the local theatre. He liked being able to perform for crowds. Omar stayed with the theatre group even as an adult.
Tammy had drinking problems. She got kicked out of her house. She tried to stay with her sister. Unfortunately she kept drinking. Tammy got kicked out of there too.
Bob really like to eat pizza. He ate a slice everyday for lunch. Today he had a slice of sausage pizza. As he was eating, he choked on his food. He coughed up the food after punching himself in the stomach.
My uncle lives on the coast. There was sand when he moved there. But erosion made it go away. Now water goes up to the rocks. It is still a nice place to relax.
Tom bought a puzzle online. He tried to put it together but it was too hard. The puzzle didn't want to match the picture. After a while Tom realized it was a different puzzle. He finished and kept it anyway.
Damien was playing outside one day while his parents were arguing. When they stopped their quarreling they realized Damien was gone. They looked and looked but couldn't find Damien. Days had gone by and still no sign of their precious child. The parents never found their boy and learned a hard lesson.
Meredith was drinking a mug of hot cocoa. She leaned over to put the mug on the table. She wobbled and caused hot cocoa to slosh out. A large splash went onto her arm. It burned her badly and she had to put a bandage on it.
Exploring is one of Dans favorite things to do. Usually he takes a vacation where there are caves and springs. He spends his time there checking the place out in detail. He writes about his experiences on his website. He loves his life!
Ali's little sister was screaming and crying. Ali couldn't concentrate on her homework with all that noise. She decided to do something about it. Ali turned on the television to her sister's favorite show. She could now finish her homework while her sister giggled with joy.
I couldn't find any deodorant. I knew I had two containers. I finally had to borrow my husband's. I went to the store to buy more. I bought a package of five and took them home.
Kate sat in the kitchen staring out at the snow. She walked to the front of the house holding her head down. She made the mistake of admitting to her mom she was bored. Her mother made her do the laundry. Kate vowed to keep her boredom to herself from now on.
Tim's grandparents thought he was very talented. They bought him a drum set for his birthday. Tim's parents were upset over it. They were the ones that had to deal with the noise. And that's exactly what they did.
Ona's town had a huge blizzard. At first she rejoiced, since her school was closed. But soon things grew bad. Roads were closed and food was running low. Ona actually began to hope the blizzard would end soon!
It was Monday night. Monday's are my day to go out and play go. I gathered up my board and stones. I hugged my wife on the way out the door. I started the car, glad to be on my way.
Tom was out on a date. He was trying to impress the girl. Tom ordered expensive items even though he couldn't afford them. He severely overdrafted his account. Tom spent weeks paying it off.
The church group bought lots of toys for the orphanage. They took the gifts to them for Christmas. They loved watching the kids rip open their packages. It was thrilling to see their faces light up with joy. They immediately began planning for next year.
Freddy forgot his keys at home. He usually forgot something important every day. He wrote himself a note to remember to call his mom. He saw the note and remembered to call. Freddy was proud to have remembered.
Gary signed a form authorizing a large dollar amount. The desk person asked him to sign another form. This one had an even larger dollar amount! Gary pointed out the discrepancy. The desk person realized she had accidentally added a wrong entry.
Jonathan came out to his parents as gay. His parents were mortified. They told him to get out of the house. He spent that night in his car. The next day, they apologetically let him come home.
The raft went down the river. It got stuck on a rock. The river pulled the raft down into the water. The boaters jumped out. They never found their raft again.
Marshall was with his girlfriend for a very long time. They were very sure about each other but it was hard to be serious. They decided to wait on doing anything until after school was over. On their graduation day Marshall proposed to her! All of us were caught very off guard, but she accepted!
Oliver was playing in his yard one day. Suddenly he spotted a very cool beetle and caught it. He put the beetle in a jar and gave him a name. He hoped to keep his pet forever but his dad said no. He taught Oliver to release the pet so he could be safe.
The local supermarket was going out of business. Kelly went to see what she could be that was on sale. Most of the food was gone when she got there. The only things she bought was cat food, asian sauces and napkins. She only spend $4 so Kelly considered this trip a win.
Ryan just got back from the video game story. He ran over to his tv and turned it on. Ryan placed his new game in his system. He fired up his machine as he was shaking with excitement. Ryan spent the next 6 hours playing his new game.
Lucy was lying in the grass at her grandparents. She was bored. She lay there watching the clouds looking for shapes. She found a cat, a bunny and a dog. She realized watching for shapes was no fun without a companion.
Charles didn't believe Calvin was on death row. They were friends since seventh grade. But Calvin made friends in a local gang. He shot a man over drugs and another man for insulting him. He ran from the police but is on death row in California.
Freddie bet that he could tame his pet lizard. He wanted to teach it a trick. The lizard seemed to respond well to positive reinforcement. Ultimately Freddie failed to teach it any tricks. Freddie concluded that lizards are not the best of pets.
Daniel gave Julia a hug before she left. Julia's dad saw them and decided to walk out of the car. He moved Julia away from Daniel and threatened him. Julia said that they were friends. Her father didn't care and asked Daniel to stay away from her.
My friend got into a dispute with the landlord. She insisted it was his duty to fix the washing machine. He was adamant that it wasn't, not at all. She threatened to move out if he wouldn't fix it. He offered to help her do just that, and right now, too.
Annie was eating at a restaurant. The waiter brought out her macaroni. She began eating the food. Suddenly, she noticed a fly in the bowl. She yelled out, and a waiter came and promised to make it up to her.
Freddy decided to buy a new truck. He went to the used car lot. The car salesman showed him a beautiful red truck. Freddy bought the truck immediately. Freddy now cruises around town in his new truck.
Rachel had to go to the dentist today. She hates going to the dentist! She got her teeth cleaned and had no cavities! It turned out it wasn't as bad as she expected! Before she knew it was time to go home!
Today is Tom's birthday. Tom's mother had prepared a birthday cake and decorations for a party. The children arrived at the party. They gave Tom lots of presents. Tom was very happy.
Erica has not been happy with her marriage. She and her boyfriend argue every night. She tells her kids she is going to move out. Her kids do not want her to leave. Erica moves and leaves her kids with their father.
Jay loved to rush things. He would often rush his family everywhere. He rushed his girlfriend to get ready for dates. Nobody liked the way he rushed things He knew he needed to slow things down.
Sam had some unused packing boxes after he moved into his new house. His daughter, Nancy, needed some boxes for her upcoming move. Sam saved the boxes in his garage for Nancy. Nancy changed her mind about moving. Sam returned the unused boxes to the store for a refund.
I found an old coworker on Facebook last month. We worked together 34 years ago. She said she would contact me if the old work group went out. Yesterday she posted a photo of the old group at dinner. She had neglected to contact me.
My friend and I bet my Subaru couldn't follow his Jeep off road. For 45 minutes i followed him with no effort. I bet him $100 I could go somewhere his Jeep can't. I proceeded to drive between 2 trees that were to narrow for his Jeep. He was unhappy as he handed over the $100.
Nas was accused of murder. A woman was killed and Nas was the prime suspect. He was found with the murder weapon in his pocket and arrested. He turned down a plea deal and took his case to trial. The jury found Nas not guilty.
Andrew played the lottery every week. He spent $50 per week on tickets. His wife told him it was getting out of hand and to stop. That night he played one last time. Andrew won one million dollars!
Julie was looking for a exercise challenge. She decided to try a triathlon but she didn't like to run. She also didn't really know how to swim. Julie took swim lessons and practiced walking fast. After 4 months of training, Julie finished a triathlon.
Sue wanted a new dog to keep her company. When she went to the store, she discovered they are expensive. The employee at the store advised her to adopt instead of buy. Sue learned that adoption is much cheaper and for a greater cause. After going to an adoption center, Sue adopted a boxer puppy.
We were on vacation one year when I was younger. I went to the campground's pool with my two sisters. I was trying to be cool and climb out of the pool. Next thing you know my bathing suit had fallen off. Everyone, including the lifeguard were laughing.
Maya was having trouble with her cell phone. It wouldn't stay connected to the charge most of the time. Even when she could keep it charging, it would keep the battery low. Maya tried to work around it but it was too prevalent. `. Finally she decided it was time to buy a new charger.
Jenna decided to dye her hair blue. Shortly after, she had an interview for a good job. At the interview, the employer told her he couldn't hire her. Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair. She instantly regretting dying her hair such a strange color.
Linda worked in a restaurant. One day a woman came to the restaurant. She ordered soup and some other food and drink. After she finished her food, she run away without paying. Now Linda has to pay debt.
A new artist was gaining local attention. He created giant sculptures. Laura bought one of his pieces. She displayed it in her yard. Her neighbors complimented her on the great new addition.
It was Jay's 26th birthday, and it started off like any other day. Jay had not really celebrated any of his birthdays since he turned 21. He was expecting this one to be the same way, but not his friends. They had secretly booked him a trip out of town. He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift.
For Christmas Break, the school mandates to plug everything out. Rolf plugged out his fridge but left the door closed. He came back from break and opened his fridge door. It was covered in mold. He had to clean out the fridge in the shower.
Ray discovered a huge scorpion in his Arizona home. He decided he would rather capture and release it, then kill it. As he was trying to pick it up, the scorpion stung him in the hand. Worried he had just been poisoned, he rushed to the hospital. Sadly, Ray had an allergic reaction and had to be hospitalized.
Sebastian had downloaded a new fitness app on his phone. Shortly after downloading it his phone stopped working properly. He had decided the app gave his phone a virus. Sebastian saved his pictures and reset his phone. Thankfully the reboot worked and he did not have to get a new phone.
My car wouldn't start so I walked to work in the rain. My feet got soaked because there's holes in my shoes. When I got to work, I tracked mud all over the carpet. I spent most of the day cleaning up the mess I had made. On the walk home I bought new shoes and called my mechanic.
I do not have a job right now. Today I applied for a job that I am not qualified for. I am hoping that they will call me in for an interview. I need money in the worst way. I am confident that I will find something.
Jess was a professional transcriptionist, and had the best equipment. One day, Jess was trying to transcribe a difficult file. When she typed b, the keyboard would input an r. Jess called tech support, and they told her to get a new keyboard. Jess went online and ordered a new keyboard.
When my teacher asked who wrote on the table, I told him who sat there My friend became mad at me and said that I wasn't a good friend. For several days, I tried to get her attention. However, she continued to ignore me. We got back on good terms as soon as I apologized to her.
My dog was not acting like herself. I took her to the vet. The vet said she was very sick. I had to give her medicine every day. My dog recovered quickly.
Ed's parents bought him a car for his birthday. They told Ed he couldn't have it until he got his license. But Ed was so eager, he stole the keys and snuck out with it. He thought he could drive it, but he was wrong. Ed ended up crashing his car!
One day Suze and her friends decided to hold a ping pong contest. First they cleared off the old table in Suze's basement. Then they got out the paddles and the ball. They played for a while. Suze ended up winning!
I was in college and very bored. I wanted a pet but they weren't allowed in the dorms. So, I looked for alternatives. At the store I found a robotic cat, and bought it! I named it Garfield, and played with it every night.
Kelly wanted to make cookies. She took her favorite recipe out of her card box. She mixed the batter according to the recipe. She baked the cookies. Kelly sat and enjoyed a warm cookie with a glass of cold milk.
Fred wakes up feeling pretty hungry. He decides to eat a big muffin. His muffin has blueberries in it. Fred finishes the whole thing. Afterwards, he no longer feels hungry.
My friend's dog, Zoey, got out of the house. She was missing for a long time. When she finally came back, she smelled awful. She had been sprayed by a skunk! Now they have a fence to keep Zoe from getting sprayed again.
Sally is pregnant and a teenager. She doesn't know where the baby father is. She decides she needs to abort. She goes through with it. She is feeling bittersweet about it.
Katie was late for work. She sped to get there on time. Unfortunately, a cop pulled her over. He gave her a speeding ticket. Katie ended up being even later!
It was near Christmas and Kelly didn't have her tree yet. Finally Kelly got her tree. She put it together. When she decorated however, she got her balance lost. She fell off the ladder.
Gina was preparing some seasoning for her chicken. She placed several ingredients into the blender. Some of her hair got caught inside of the blender. When she turned it on, her hair got mixed with the vegetables. Some strands fell out and they got ruined.
Cal couldn't find his keys. He had a tray by the door for them and they weren't there. Cal searched everywhere, looking in all the obvious places. He put his hands in his pockets in frustration. Which of course is where Cal found his keys.
Ken went to the bookstore, hoping to find a rare book. He knew the book was not easy to find, but he had tried everywhere. He searched up and down the aisles, hoping the book was in the store. Failing to find it alone, Ken asked the clerk if it was in stock. It turned out, Ken had the wrong author the whole time!
My son's baseball team was playing for the town championship. It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning. My son came to the plate with a runner on second and two outs. He ripped a line drive over the shortstop's head into left field. The winning run scored!
Eli's parents enrolled him in a piano class. He practiced everyday. Eli was ready for his recital. A week before the recital, Eli fell and broke two fingers. He wasn't able to perform at the recital.
Tina's water broke one night. She hurried to the hospital. They set her up on medicine and encouraged her. She struggled through the birth of her baby. And after sixteen hours, Tina became a mommy!
Chad's dog would always jump on people. Chad couldn't bring his dog anywhere. Chad decided to hire a dog trainer. The trainer taught the dog how to behave. Chad was proud to finally show off his dog to others.
I was fired from my first job. I didn't have enough money to make rent. I had to move back home. My dad called me a failure. I realized that I was a total loser and I cried.
Sam took out his paint and canvas to the park. He scanned the sky for a cloud. Sam began to paint the cloud as it was. Once he got the shape out, he drew on a face. Sam had turned the cloud into a funny monster.
Bob loved to bathe in the sun. He didn't care about his health. Naturally, he developed skin cancer. Luckily, he beat the cancer. Then, he dedicated his life to teaching others about skin safety.
It was noon. Amy was just waking up. She had fallen asleep on the floor at a friends house. Her friends were still asleep. Amy decided she was too hungry to sleep and went to find food.
Gill was walking his dog. He noticed his dog was walking funny. There was a swollen area on the dog's leg. Gill took the dog to the vet. The dog had a benign tumor.
Abby was not having a good day at all. In fact, Abby was told by her mother she had breast cancer. Abby wanted to just crawl up in a hole and sulk for her mother. However, Abby's mother assured her that her cancer was treatable. Abby was still very sad at her mother's diagnosis.
Sally hopped on a freight train to travel for free. She realizes the trip will take hours. She brought some sandwiches with her. She slept most of the way She made it in 5 hours.
Ronald needed new shoes. So Ronald went to the shoe store. Ronald looked for the right shoes. He found the right shoes. Ronald got the shoes and bought it.
My work as a janitor keeps me busy throughout the day. I start by pulling trash from all cubicles. Then I start dusting. After dusting, most of the people have left the building. Lastly, I clean floors with a vacuum cleaner.
It rained recently on a warm day. Tim's yard filled with earthworms. He decided to get as many as he could. He sold them as bait to a local shop. He made enough money to buy some beer.
Abigail was on a camp out grilling some hot dogs. She had a plate of dogs hot of the grill. As she walked, she tripped and the hot dogs fell to the ground. They were all covered in dirt. Everyone had to eat less because of the ruined food.
Stan was lonely and wanted a friend. He decided to go online to see if he could find one. After entering a few chat rooms he finally found someone he liked. Her name was mary and she seemed very nice when they met. They really liked each other and ended up dating.
Tim was selling his house. He called someone to come appraise it. The man's value sounded a little low, so Tim called two others. Sure enough, those estimates were much cheaper! Tim was glad he hadn't gotten scammed.
Gavin went to get a new vape. He was new to vaping. He bought out with a big discount. He then found out it was a  fake vape. The people would not let him return it.
Javier and his family lived near the ocean. Hurricane season was approaching. Javier went out and bought emergency items just in case. The news informed that a big hurricane was on its way. Javier wasn't worried because he was prepared.
Louise met a man and they decided to get married. They had only known each other for three weeks. She called each of her family members to tell them the good news. They would ask if she might be pregnant. She would always answer that it was too soon to tell.
Sarah wanted a cat. She looked on Craigslist and found one. She got the cat for free so that was nice. Sarah bought cat food and a litterbox. Sarah is glad she got that cute cat.
Tom was at the bar. He tried approaching an attractive girl. She made a face and turned him down. Tom checked his breath and noticed it was terrible. He chewed gum to try and mask it.
Don picked up a new mystery novel at the bookstore. The synopsis on the back sounded intriguing enough. However, the first chapter was boring and contrived. Things only got worse from there. It wasn't long before Don's book started collecting dust on the table.
Amy worked hard to save money for a vacation. She finally had enough saved for a nice vacation. She looked at lots of vacation brochures. It was hard to decide on a vacation that was within her budget. A Hawaiian resort had a great vacation special, so she chose them!
I worked with Debbie for 2 years. She always seemed very nice. One day she got fired. I was told she was stealing money and blaming me. I was lucky they figured out it was her and did not get in trouble.
A couple couldn't agree what to name their baby. They opened a book and decided to use the first name they saw. The story was so entertaining they got distracted. At the end of the chapter they realized they didn't find a name. The couple started the next chapter and tried to pay more attention.
I try not to spend too much on Christmas. Last Christmas I only spent Three hundred. Everyone got something special. Plus, I was able to truly enjoy the holiday. I'll do the same this year.
Sandra was relaxing at a coffee shop. She was drinking tea and reading her favorite magazine. A man came up to her and started talking to her. He was very attractive. He asked her on a date and she agreed!
Polly loved to play card games. Sometimes she struggled to find someone to play with. One day she met Paula. They played cards for hours together. Polly and Paula are best friends now.
When George was little, he really wanted to see Star Wars. He stood in line for three days and slept on the ground. But on the last night, it started raining so hard, he went back home. He was so disappointed, he refused to go see the movie. It took him twenty years to finally let go and watch Star Wars.
Thom was deeply interested in escape artists. He read biographies of figures like Harry Houdini and others. He bought a book on lock-picking so he could learn the trade. Thom found his hands clumsy and the task nearly impossible. Thom soon lost interest in pursuing a career in escape magic.
Gina had been in line 15 minutes at the store. She needed to have a key made quickly at the service desk. Finally it was her turn to be served. The girl at the desk didn't know how to make keys. Gina had to wait another 5 minutes for a manager to come help her.
Vicki found a cat lost in the neighborhood. She took it's picture and put flyers up looking for the owner. It's been two weeks and no one claimed the cat. Vicki loves the cat and was glad no one claimed her. Vicki and the cat now live happily together.
I was told I should be pleasing. I didn't understand what she meant. She said little girls don't act the way I did. I told her I only knew how to be me. She hit me hard across the face and said I was talking back.
Robin wants to be an actress. She goes to audition for the part in a movie. She is told she ways too much for the part. Robin hits the gym and loses a bunch of weight. She comes back to the movie studio and claims the part.
Donna visited the diner near her apartment. She had never been to the diner. She ordered the cheeseburger and onion rings. The cheeseburger was the best Donna ever had. Donna continued to go to the diner weekly.
Tom was at a campfire. He was using his pocket knife. He set it down and lost track of it. He found it again and took it back. Unfortunately it turned out to be someone else's knife.
Dina stole $10 from her mom's bag and bought Betsy, ann $8 doll. Dina's mom went to pay for a $5 jug of milk but had no cash. Dina watched as Mom wrote a check for the milk. Mom then noticed that Dina's face had turned beet-red. Dina tells Mom that Betsy made her do it.
Our family gather around the Christmas tree. Each member of the family place one declaration piece on the tree. We place our gifts under the tree on Christmas Eve. Everyone in the family sing Christmas Carols. Christmas Day we exchanged gifts and enjoyed our Christmas dinner.
Fred stood alone by the punch bowl at the homecoming dance. Unlike all his friends, he didn't have a date. Ana tapped him on the shoulder. She told Fred that she didn't have a date either. As Fred and Ana walked out onto the dance floor together, they smiled.
I brought my daughter to an animal shelter and adopted a kitten. We named him Bentley. The vet said that he could have a fatal disease according to bloodwork. If Bentley was not sick, he would grow and his fur would improve. We are so happy that Bentley is so big and healthy looking now.
Polly loved cats. She didn't have a cat and wanted to adopt one. Polly learned that a friend of hers was fostering kittens. Polly went to her friend's house and met all the kittens there. She bonded with two of them and adopted them on the spot!
Sara needed to find a job. She needed to find daycare for her toddler. She found that she could not afford day care. Sara decided to start a children's daycare in her home. Now Sara has a job and her toddler is taken care of.
Karen loved almost everything about her job. The only thing she didn't like at all was, unfortunately, the boss. He was always overworking them, while also trying to cut salaries. When she saw a Help Wanted ad for a similar job, she knew what to do. Karen's new job was even better, because her boss was actually decent!
Dan's shower keeps backing up. He keeps clearing it with a plunger. But one day the plunger doesn't work. So Dan gets some Drano and pours it down the drain. After he does that the shower stops backing up.
I went to the hospital because I separated my shoulder. The doctor could not pop it back into place. He tried for almost an hour. It hurt so bad. Finally, a brawny nurse came and popped it right in.
I played in a fantasy football league for the first time this year. I asked my friend if I could join his league. I had a great time and learned a lot about how to play. I ended up taking last place and losing twenty bucks. Despite that I had a very good time playing.
Sandy was sad. Her grandfather had just passed away. Her family was going to the funeral. At the funeral they found out something that helped. Sandy's family was inheriting her grandfather's farm.
Nick wanted to be a soldier. His family worried that he wouldn't like the military. But Nick couldn't be persuaded. He enlisted as soon as he turned 18. His first letter home told his family how happy he was!
Abigail was worried that she was pregnant. She wanted to take a test but they were too expensive. When no one was looking, she shoved the test in her coat. Then, she quickly hurried out of the store. No one caught her and she took her test in peace- it was negative.
We went to the italian restaurant that just opened. We ordered lasagna trios. They brought use three kinds of lasagna. We loved all of them. My husband left very satisfied.
Dean woke up screaming, as always. He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth. He stepped outside and wondered how he would die again today. After a few steps and careful looks, he got hit by a Greyhound bus. Dean woke up screaming.
Richard was moving to a new school in the fall. He was nervous about not knowing anyone. On the first day of school, he sat next to Tom. Tom smiled and introduced himself right away. They quickly became close friends.
Jamie loved decorating. She bought many large pumpkins for her porch. She was going to decorate it all for fall. When she was finished, the porch looked beautiful. She could hardly wait to decorate for Christmas, too!
Mary was hungry and realized it would soon be dinnertime. She went to the pantry, but she was shocked to see no food! Mary decided it would be best to go to the grocery store. Mary bought noodles, alfredo sauce, and chicken. Mary made chicken alfredo for her family before they got home.
John was trying to train his bear for the circus. Johns bear refused to learn or obey. John tried to coax the bear with salmon to no avail. John paused for a snack and the bear stole his chocolate! John finally trained his bear to perform!
Adrielle couldn't wait for her birthday party. All her friends were invited and were going to come. She counted down the days until the Saturday of her party. When she woke up Saturday morning, she felt sick. She had to cancel the party.
Martha was cleaning her apartment. Her brother helped her vacuum. Martha heard a loud thud coming from her vacuum cleaner. A metal toy had gotten stuck inside. Martha had to clean out her vacuum cleaner with a brush.
Rene loved the swings. She didn't think she was too old to use them. Rene went very high. At the end she jumped off. She had much fun.
I saw a scooter online. I took a bus 400 miles. I bought the scooter. I got pulled over on the way home. Eventually I made it home.
Kay worked at Macy's for 2 years. She never knew there was a cafeteria on the 8th floor. She decided to visit one day on her lunch break. She was happy to find they had a salad bar since she loved salad. Kay ate the salad in the cafeteria while overlooking the city.
Andrew was warned by his father to always wear condoms. Andrew did not listen to his father. When Andrew was fourteen he got a girl pregnant. Now Andrew has a hard life raising a child at such a young age. Andrew wishes he would have worn a condom.
There lived an evil queen in England whose name was Alyssa. She would buy the most expensive clothing when her country was hungry. She bought the most lavish shoes when the children were starving. She funded the most expensive wars for petty arguments and control. She was beheaded for her direct influence of her country's demise.
Rebekah is very fearful of snakes. She woke up one night and went to use the restroom. She felt around in the dark trying to find the light switch. She saw a huge king snake as soon as she turned on the light. She quickly went to wake up her husband to get the snake.
Justin was driving his black car down the road. He was speeding but he didn't realize it. The next thing you know he was pulled over by a cop. The cop told him he was going too fast. The cop wrote Justin a ticket and he was so ashamed.
Steve just got fired from his job. He asked his boss what the reasons were for the firing. His boss said it was due to cutbacks, not performance. Steve was then offered a compensation package. It made things a little better for Steve.
The pond was full of wildlife. It was becoming overrun with frogs. The park ranger said they would need to catch some. They all brought nets and buckets to the pond. They captured fifty in the first hour!
Tammy was feeling pretty sick. She had the day off from work. Her boyfriend wanted to make her feel better. He decided to make her breakfast in bed. Tammy didn't want to eat it.
Allie was pregnant with her first child. She was rushed to the hospital. Unfortunately the baby would not turn around. Allie had a c section as a result. When the baby was born it was beautiful.
Christopher's apartment complex was redoing their parking lot. Christopher panicked because his car had a flat tire. As he didn't want to be towed, he went to the garage. He bought a new tire. And he managed to repair his car on time to move it.
It was Jeff's birthday today. Unknown to him, his friends had all planned a surprise party for him. They had all gathered to surprise him at a local bar. The lights were out and he walked in. Surprise they all shouted in unison!
Rick lost his phone at the movie theater. He asked the movie workers if they'd seen it. Nobody saw his phone. He decided it must have gotten stolen. When he got home he found it in his back pocket.
I bought rooster feathers in multiple colors. I had them professionally placed in my hair. Everyone said it brought out my native heritage. My cheekbones looked more pronounced. I loved them and wore them for months.
Ophelia attends a Thanksgiving party thrown by her friends. She has been very busy with work and couldn't bring a dish with her. After the party, she notices that there are many dirty dishes. Ophelia decides to scrub the dishes herself to help the host. She feels better after helping out with the dishes.
Emma was tossing and turning in her sleep. She was having terrible nightmares. She sat straight up and screamed. She remembered the dream had been about clowns. Emma decided not to go to the circus anymore.
Lizzy was at the neighborhood pool with some friends. Suddenly a frog hopped into the water. She carefully cornered the frog before catching it. Everyone wanted to see it and touch it. Finally Lizzy let it go and it hopped away wildly.
The boy ate his vegetables. His mother rewarded him. The boy began to expect rewards. The mother stopped rewarding the boy. The boy refused to eat vegetables.
The Grahams are one of my favorite families. They go to Florida every summer to visit their elderly family members. The grandma loves to play scrabble when they get there, late at night. She always bakes a lemon meringue pie for them. They really enjoy their long visits during the summer.
Emma wanted to watch a new movie really badly. She couldn't find a single copy anywhere online. To her delight, she found one copy on Youtube. The video took forever to buffer. Luckily when it finally played it was the correct movie.
Karina wanted a playhouse. Karina's grandparents bought her a beautiful, red playhouse. Karina's grandfather set up the playhouse in the backyard. Today Karina played for a very long time in her playhouse. Karina was very tired after playing in her playhouse today.
All day Theresa would watch TV or play on the computer. She would yell at her family and make them do all the chores. She spent all the money her husband worked hard for on herself. One day when she got home from shopping, the house was empty. Her husband closed the bank account and left with the kids.
I had this ring that always get lost. First i lost it when i took a bath and left it there. I thought i'd never gonna find it but my mother found it. When i'm in school i lost it again but my classmate found it. From that day i didn't wear my ring anymore and hide it on a box.
There was a scientist lab worker. He was working on a lab with a bunch of snakes. One day one of them got free. It bite the worker and he was so scared he rush to the emergency room It turns out the snake was harmless and caused no damage to him.
Terry was addicted to painkiller medication provided by her boyfriend. She loved the man but at the same time knew his poisonous love. She decided to cut him off and try to get off the pills. Instead of offering help he felt betrayed and left on his way. She caved in and was back with him within the day, an addict to love.
Sally had a collection of pretty rocks. She cherished this collection and added to it daily. One day her brother Mac stole her whole collection. Sally told her mother, who then confronted Mac about it. Mac was grounded for three weeks for stealing.
Abigail was having a boring Thanksgiving. She decided that she should volunteer. She went down to the soup kitchen and worked all day. There, she met some really interesting people. It ended up being her best Thanksgiving ever.
I do mTurk every day. My family has been quite amused by this. Today my wife sent me an article about mTurking. I read it and was very amused, as the article was realistic. Despite the grind, I liked making a few bucks.
Sam did not like wearing his seatbelt while riding in cars. His friends warned them that he could be hurt if he didn't wear one. One day, Sam's mom was driving him to the store. She had to stop the car suddenly to avoid a wreck. Sam banged his head on the dashboard.
Clark was cleaning his house. After two hours, he found a crumb. The vacuum also stopped working. This forced Clark to clean the crumb by himself. Finally, Clark was able to have a clean house.
Ashley had the best coach in the world. He helped her get better in cross country. He gave her extra tips so she would succeed. Her second year of running she made it to the State meet. The next year she ran at Nationals.
Al was preparing for a distance throwing competition. Al hurt his shoulder during training. He was determined to compete despite his injury. His trainer, Jim, suggested he wait until next year to compete. Al ignored Jim's input, and placed last in the competition.
The dog scratched his ear all the time. It's owner checked the dog's ear. The dog had fleas. The owner gave the dog medicine. The dog got rid of the fleas.
Joe was driving his car down the road. The car was making a strange sound. The car stopped moving. It was out of gas. Luckily, the car stopped in front of a gas station.
The mail ran a little early. I heard the knock at the door. I ran to open it. I was hoping my new makeup was here. Instead it was a letter from my bank.
A family adopted a dog. When they brought him home, he tried to attack their cat! The family started training him to get along with the cat. They worked with him for three months. One night they found the dog and cat sitting together, finally happy!
John woke up at 6 in the morning. 6 am is early for John to wake up. John's family was still asleep, so he decided to make breakfast. John mad Bacon and eggs for his family. John's family loved the bacon and eggs he made.
Eva wanted to be the best at selling Girl Scout cookies. She brought boxes of her bookies to her father's business. Everyone who worked there brought lots of cookies. Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop. Eva earned the nickname, "Cookie."
Tom was at the library. He was reading a really funny book. He couldn't stop laughing. The librarian warned him several times. Eventually Tom was asked to leave.
My friend and I tried to have a competition yesterday. We decided to eat as many hot peppers as we could. Immediately after eating the first one, my mouth was on fire. Neither of us made it past one pepper. I don't think we are ever going to eat those again.
Suzy is outside playing. She trips and falls down. She notices something is missing. Her tooth had fallen out. She runs and puts it under her pillow for the tooth fairy.
My school had a jump rope competition once. First place went to the person who could jump rope the longest. Many people lost very quickly. It came down to one other girl and me. She ended up tripping and I won first place.
Danny finishes work. He heads outside to get in his car. He climbs in and tries to start it. The car will not start. He gets out to check everything and still can't start it.
The man logged into his computer. His computer froze up. He restarted the computer. He was able to log in fine. He sent a service incident about the occurrence.
Martin had been out of work for a long time. His friends tried to support him but it was becoming a burden. Martin did some research and found about mechanical turk. He worked for days to get proficient at MTurk. Now Martin is self sufficient and even paid back his friends!
Angie wanted to be a lawyer. She graduated from Spelman College in 1999. After a year working from home, she went to law school in Florida. She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job. So she dropped out of law school for an administration job.
I was going to a job interview. I wanted to look and smell my best. I sprayed as much body spray on myself as possible. The interviewer nearly fainted from the smell. I got the job after promising never to wear body spray again.
Erica's 2nd grade class had a reading challenge this year. If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party! She read a book every day for the entire semester. At the end of the semester Erica had read 85 books! Her teacher awarded her with a pizza party and icecream.
The Hair family went to Las Vegas twice a year. They always stayed in the same hotel. They knew most of the staff at the hotel. They were sad to learn some of their favorite staff had quit. They decided to switch hotels and cut their trip short.
Julie made cookies for her dad. It was a lot of work to make them from scratch. Her dad ate them all. Julie ate one and noticed something was missing. She couldn't believe her dad never mentioned anything.
I wanted some corn burritos. I put some beans and tortillas. Then, I rolled them and put them on sticks. Next, I fried the sticks. Finally, I sprinkled cheese on top.
Jenny was at the arcade with her family. She had spent hours earning tons of tickets. When she went to redeem them, she realized that she had lost a bunch. She traced her steps through the arcade. Luckily, she found them near one of the games.
Jerry wanted to surprise his daughter Kim with a new puppy. On her birthday, Jerry asked Kim to get him something from the garage. Kim raised the garage door with remote garage door opener. A blonde bundle of puppy fur excitedly ran toward Kim from the garage. This was the best birthday surprise she had ever had.
Gina came home from school and went to her room. Outside the room she could hear voices inside. She walked in to see her sisters in her room. The little one was swinging from the gold ball on the top of a pole. Gina yelled at them, and they ran out of her room.
My brother does caricature sketches of famous people. He doesn't like them but I think they're great. I set up an online store page to prove him wrong. People could buy poster prints of his work for fifteen dollars. I proved myself wrong when there were no sales for months.
Every year the town of Wood River has a soap box derby. Kids and parents prepare for it the whole year before it occurs. They build their own cars and race each other. One year there was an accident and a worker was hit by one. H as not hurt badly and he was back out there the next year!
Marty went to the Casino with Jeb. It had rained that day and outside there was a puddle. Marty advised Jeb not to trip. But instead Marty slipped and fell in the puddle. Marty wasn't hurt but he was super embarrassed.
Lily was tired of her relationship with Richard. He was a control freak and didn't want to admit it. She tried to go to see a relationship expert with him. The expert was on her side and told her to break up. Lily waited for Richard to be out to leave the house with her things.
Susie made some nachos. She was excited to eat them. But she realized she was not hungry. So she then saved them for later. She ate them the next day.
Jim had five dollars. He decided to go buy some snacks. Jim got a candy bar, some nachos, and a drink. He ate them all in three minutes. Jim got very sick.
Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball. She can kick and throw the ball. Unfortunately, Ella can't catch the ball though. Her mommy practiced catching the ball with her every day for a month. At the end of the month, Ella could kick, throw, AND catch the ball.
I decided i wanted to paint my nails yesterday. I go the red out and started painting. All the sudden I spilled on the rug. I was afraid my parents would find out. So I did my best to get rid of it but it wouldn't come out.
Tim was at the school dance. He was nervous. He wanted to dance with Mary. He was afraid of rejection. All of a sudden she grabbed his hand and they danced the night away.
Jenny walked into her night class. Her professor was going over a new lesson. When he was presenting, the lights went out. No one couldn't see since it was dark. After 10 minutes, he dismissed the class.
Patty decided to learn to crochet. She got some books to learn from and started off slowly. Before she knew it, she was doing great. She decided that she would make ornaments for her Christmas tree. Patty made pretty snowflakes and was very proud to display them.
Sonny likes to his dinner watching TV. Joanne makes dinner early so Sonny can watch his favorite show. Joanne notices the TV flickering. The TV stopped working. Sonny gets up and bangs on the side of it, it turns on.
Steve rescued four kittens from the alley in back of his apartment. He had to bottle feed them because they were very young. He has taken care of these cats for over two years. Steve loves them very much and would be very sad if one of them died. Steve plans on taking care of them for the rest of their lives.
Diann was a single woman with no kids. Her family really wanted her to get married. She wasn't dating and was busy with work. Diann finally told her parents to back off. She was happy and living a fulfilled life.
Marty was eating cheezits and slim jims for dinner. His mother told him there were steak and mashed potatoes. Marty didn't like anything except prepackaged foods. His mother put the steak in a ziploc bag and handed it to him. Marty then thoroughly enjoyed the steak.
The kids boarded the bus. They were going to ride it to their field trip location. They'd never been on a bus before! They marveled at the tall seats and big windows. It was a bumpy, fun ride!
Sue was staying at her daughter house for a week. He daughter was out of town and her grandson was home sick. Her grandson had thrown up on the couch. His dad had attempted to clean the mess. Sue decided to re-clean since the house still smelled of vomit.
Shannon had just moved into a new house. She kept getting some strangers mail. Finally, she decided to search the girl out online. She managed to find the girl and contact her. Then, she was able to return the mail to it's rightful owner.
Fred was building a snowman. The first ball was very hard to make. But the smaller top balls were less difficult. Soon Fred's snowman was complete and decorated. Fred was very proud of his cold creation!
Laura was busy studying for her math test. She had a test first thing tomorrow morning. She spent the entire night studying in her room. He was so busy that she forgot to eat dinner. Laura pulled off an A- on her test the next day.
Meg hated her name so much that she had it changed when she turned 18. When she told her mother, she was devastated and started to cry. Years later, she learned her name had been her grandmother's name. Her grandmother had been the first woman to own a publishing company. Meg legally reclaimed her old name with renewed pride.
Leo was eating cereal in his room, even though it wasn't allowed. He heard his parents coming to his room. He quickly threw the bowl behind a shelf. Later when they were gone he went to retrieve the bowl. Milk had spilled everywhere and he had a huge mess to clean.
Amy was very nervous. She was interviewing for her dream job! She was hoping she could impress the manager. She practiced her interview questions for hours. She felt very confident walking in.
A man named Tim wanted to learn meditation. Tim bought a plane ticket to the Himalayan Mountains. A week later Tim took a trip to the Himalayan Mountains, While there, Tim met an expert monk who taught him meditation. Tim now spends most of his days meditating.
A few years ago, me and some friends decided to play video games. We brought over all our consoles to my friends house. We set them up in the living room together. We played video games all night that night. I had a great time playing video games with my friends.
Jill started her school day with a good attitude. She went to gym class and scored the winning soccer goal for her team. Everyone congratulated Jill on the strategic goal she had made. After gym, Jill went to lunch and ate her favorite meal. Jill smiled as she enjoyed the rest of her lunch.
Cass needed a new table. His was falling apart. He went to the store to find one he liked. He didn't find many. He finally settled on one and bought it.
Jake needed something to do. He decided to go fishing. He rented a boat and some bait. He caught three fish. Jake had the best time fishing.
Kay was new to using coupons when shopping. At the store she purchased 3 things which she had store coupons for. At checkout she was tired so she went quickly. When she got to her car she realized she forgot to use her coupons. Kay was upset since the coupons would have saved her $5.
Jon's parents got him a new computer for his Birthday. He was very happy with his new computer. Jon decided to make a Facebook page, but didn't know how. His friend helped him to make a Facebook page. Jon was pleased with the help his friend gave him.
Sylvia was pregnant. She was expecting a baby boy. She went into labor and began to give birth. Then, the baby was born. To their surprise it was actually a girl.
Chuck decided that he wanted a soda. He put his dollar in the slot on the drink machine. The dollar disappeared then came back out. He tried to take it it, but it went in and out again. This time he grabbed it quick before going back to work drinkless.
She had heard of bidets but never seen them. She sat down gingerly, looking at the dials. In confusion, she turned it too high. The jet made her yelp with pain. She quickly turned it off.
Peter wanted to learn to do a backflip. He worked through the motions slowly. He watched tutorials online. He attempted it and failed numerous times. Later, heavily bruised, he pulled it off to his great satisfaction.
Stacy was the name of a boy I went to school with. One day he hit a growth spurt. Within a few months, he'd grown several inches. By the end of the year, he was taller than the lockers. His 4'11 girlfriend could no longer reach high enough to kiss him.
Jessica loves to make Christmas dinner for her family. She often fixes ham, green beans, potatoes, and salad. This Christmas she also made banana pudding. All her children help with the cleanup and dishes. Then everyone opens their gifts and relax the rest of the day!
Bill took his Mother out to the casino yesterday. Bill won a jackpot on a slot machine. He split the winnings with his Mother. On the way home, they stopped at their favorite pizza place. Bill can't wait to go back and gamble again.
Lori is very lonely. She lives alone. One day she decides to get a dog. The dog is very friendly. Lori is not lonely anymore.
Lara was five when she decided on being a professional ice skater. She would learn through the years how to ice skate. Her parents hired a professional coach to assist with training. Lara coach taught her how to stay focused during major events. Lara went on to win an Olympic gold medal for ice skating.
Heather wanted to watch her reality TV show. Her brother Bennett wanted to watch wrestling. The two argued over who gets control of the TV. While they were arguing their dad turned on the news. The kids silently watched the news.
John went to college to able to find a good job. John maintained a strong gpa. John finally graduated with his degree. He went to a job fair. John finally a good job that had a good salary.
Jay and I went to the beach. It was sunny and warm when we arrived. Shortly thereafter, the sky turned dark and it began pouring rain. We grabbed all of our things and ran to the car for shelter. Driving home, we realized we should have checked the weather first.
Jordan knew his girlfriend was upset with him. On his way to pick her up he stopped to get some flowers. He picked them from random locations and arranged them himself. His girlfriend appreciated them. She was still upset and broke up with him, though.
Tina's mom promised her that she will buy take-out tomorrow. Therefore, Tina came home from work that day without eating. She found her mom resting on the sofa. Her mom is aware of what she said, but she tells Tina that she's broke. Tina broke out in anger and took fruits out from the fridge.
John was driving on the highway. Suddenly a deer ran out onto the road. He swerved the car quickly to miss it. Luckily he was fast enough to avoid hitting it. John continued on his way scanning the sides of the road.
Gina loves to go fishing on her friend's reservoir. Sometimes she catches catfish and bass. She forgot to buy live bait, so she only had artificial. She spent four hours fishing, but didn't catch anything. Next time she won't forget to buy minnows.
Harry got a summons for a jury. He attended a meeting. He was asked some questions. Harry was removed from the jury as a result of his answers. Harry had a free afternoon.
Amy noticed her friend Beth was crying. She asked Beth what was the matter. Beth told Amy about a sad movie she saw. Amy thought the movie sounded interesting. They watched the movie together.
I found a cup I loved. It was for adults, but had a princess on it. It was from the Disney store. I used it every day. Yesterday, it fell and broke, ruining it for good.
Maurice went skydiving with some buddies. He flew through the air and felt exhilarated. He then attempted to deploy the parachute. It wouldn't open and Maurice started to flip out. His friend grabbed him firmly and deployed his own parachute.
Mike decides he needs a hobby that gets him outdoors. He decides to try fishing. He buys a good fishing pole and some bait. On his first day fishing, he catches a delicious swordfish. Mike is very happy that he has a good outdoor hobby.
Anna was trying to go to sleep early. There was an emergency at the house next door. An ambulance showed up with its siren on. Anna saw the flashing lights through her window. She wasn't able to go to sleep early.
My friend Jim played chess with me at work during lunch. One day a college intern asked to play. She played Jim a game. I noticed Jim was looking at her legs while she was making a move. I told him he could get into trouble.
Tina took her friend to the outlet store. Tina loved going to the outlet store. But Tracy did not. They walked right into a designer shop. As soon as they got in, Tracy walked out due to the smell.
Kelley has a serious case of writer's block. For the past hour, she has been struggling to finish her report. No matter how many ways she tried, the intro seemed lackluster. After writing and deleting her attempts, she gave up. She decided to go for a walk to clear her thoughts.
Tom was a married man. He noticed a girl at work kept flirting with him. Tom was flattered but knew it was wrong. He told her he was married and set boundaries. She appreciated his direct approach.
Lulu and her friends decided to meet at the restaurant. When they got to the restaurant there was a baby screaming. The girls thought it would go away. Yet to their dismay it would not stop. Finally it got so bad, lulu had to leave.
Gordon was beginning to gain weight. He went to see the doctor. The doctor recommended a diet to Gordon. Gordon carefully followed the diet. He began to lose weight.
Karen's favorite food was salmon. She felt a great affinity for the grizzly bear as an animal. The grizzly bear, after all, ate primarily salmon. Karen wore a grizzly bear necklace. She didn't get to eat salmon often, but devoured it when possible.
Tina and Maddie both went to the same birthday party. As Maddie walked in the room, Tina was shocked. Maddie was wearing the same dress as Tina. They both looked at each other. They were so mad, they didn't speak
Fiola walked in front of the club. The security guard asked for her ID since she looked young. As soon as he realized that she was under 18 years old, he got mad. As a result, he didn't allow her to go inside. Fiola left immediately.
Vince turned on the light on his nightstand. He picked up his book and got into bed. He read for half an hour. He finished two exciting chapters. Then, he went to sleep.
Clara woke up and checked her bank account. She noticed that she had twice as much money as before. She was happy but realized it made no sense. She called the bank. And they told her it was an error.
I just gave my cat her midday meal. She likes canned cat food. She did not like it today. I gave her leftover chicken. She devoured it.
Kelly was afraid to go to science camp. She didn't know if she would make any friends. She had never been away from home before. Thankfully she ended up making some friends. All in all the camp was not that bad.
Tim was driving home in the rain. All of a sudden a dog jumped out in front of him. Tim was startled. He tried to avoid the dog and barely did so. He had to pull over to regain his composure.
One day I played chess with a 98 year old man. Frank played a good game. In the middle of the game, he fell asleep, tired. We put away the pieces, marking the positions. The next day we played to a draw.
Dave always wanted to be a stand-up comic. He went to an open-mic night at a bar downtown. He told joke after joke, the audience barely laughing. Some guy yelled for him to get off the stage. Dave insulted the guy, and the people began to laugh finally!
Kacie had just been hired at a diner. She was really excited for her first job. She started out the day positive and enthusiastic. Then, she made a huge mistake in the kitchen. Luckily her boss was very understanding.
Greta stepped on her dog. Her dog was lying in the middle of the floor. The dog cried out in pain. Greta jumped back away from the dog. The dog limped for the rest of the day.
Kendra was an expert hairdresser at a salon. She has cut hair for over 20 years in her local area. One day, a very famous actress comes in and requests a haircut. Kendra is put on the job to cut the actress's hair. Kendra did an amazing job on her hair and got a nice monetary tip!
We went to a store far away from home. They were having a big fireworks sale. We bought tons of fireworks. We spent over $100 on them. We took them home to light off.
Danny was getting his kids fed one morning. He went to fill his toddlers cup with milk but found none. Since his toddler needed milk every day, he would have to go out. He bundled his kids up in the car and rushed to the store. Finally, they had their milk and breakfast could proceed.
After moving to a new city I made a checklist. It contained all of the local events I wanted to check out. After a few months I revisited the list. I had only checked off four of my fifty goals. I felt like an inept tourist in my new city.
Libby does not like her job, so she decides to look for a new one. With all of her experience, she doesn't think it will be a problem. She decides to apply for 50 jobs in a week and just see what happens. Within two weeks she has had 6 interviews and 2 job offers. She picks the job with the best offer, and starts on Monday!
The children were excited to learn it had snowed overnight. They got dressed in their warmest clothes. They ran outside to play. After a long day of play, they had made a snowman. It was a great way to spend the snowy day.
Billy had his very first T-Ball game. He stood in front of the T like his coach had told him. He missed the first swing but he got to try again. The second time he made contact with the ball. It went flying across the field as he ran to first base.
It was hot very late at night. So I left my front door open. I decided to look out my window though. And I saw someone suspicious running very fast across the sidewalk. I decided leaving my door open wasn't a good idea anymore.
Helen took her dog to the dog park to run. Her dog was running when another dog approached. The dogs sniffed one another. Then the other dog bite Helen's dog in the leg. Helen and the other owner argued about what happened.
Fin loved soccer and wanted to play. Fin was not very good at soccer. Fin spent the entire summer practicing his soccer skills. Fin played soccer for 6 hours a day to get better. He tried out for his school's team in the fall and made it.
The couple took dance classes. The woman was better than the man. They switched to more like skilled partners. They fell in love with their new partners. They all remained friends.
Todd was very tired during work one day. His shift break was coming up so he asked his boss for a nap. His boss allowed him to nap, so Todd went to a table to rest. After a minute, Todd fell asleep for an hour. When he woke up, He was able to work much better.
Tom always wanted to own a bar. He saved up for a while. Tom was able to finally open up his business. Unfortunately he wasn't too good at money. The bar folded within months.
Luis spoke several languages. He learned English and Italian when he was quite young. After going travelling around Europe, he took classes for more. His favourite was German. He loved how abrupt it sounded overall.
Sam wanted to take Megan on a date. He decided to invite her to go berry picking. They had a lot of fun picking berries. During the date, Sam asked Megan to go out with him. Megan was so happy from their unique date, that she said yes.
One day Sam decided to play on his computer. While he was playing he accidentally spilled his drink on it. The computer immediately shut down. He brought it into the repairman. It was fixed the next day.
Beth loves to fish in her spare time. Today, she has gone out to fish with her son in hopes of a big catch. Both her and her son cast their lines and wait for a long time. Just when Beth decides to pull her line back, her son gets a bite! After reeling it in, Beth and her son saw they had caught a huge fish!
Henry was determined to be a real magician. He enrolled in magician's school right after high school. He graduated in twelve months. Henry became an apprentice for five long years. He now is the headliner for his own magic show in Las Vegas.
The baby had a basket full of toys. Her favorite was a puppet. She would laugh every time her mom put the puppet on. One day, her mom scared her with the puppet. Now she is too scared to play with it.
Michael was learning to be an artist. He tried sculpting, but his hands were not steady enough. He tried to paint, but he didn't have the patience. Then he decided he would do performance art. Michael had found his niche!
Mike was on his last day working at a construction site. The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun. He wasn't paying attention and ran over his co-worker. Mike had to go to jail for manslaughter. He was able to adjust to prison life pretty quickly.
Susie went to this new restaurant. She was excited to go. All of the sudden though, her order was late. Susie was rather upset. Susie never wanted to go back.
Beverly gave her grand-daughter a sweater for Christmas. The sweater was too small. Beverly gave the gift receipt to the girl. The girl brought the sweater back to the store. She returned it for a sweater that fit.
Molly wanted to display her coin collection. She put them in a shadowbox in her living room. Her guests commented on the interesting collection. Molly had a story about each piece of money. She liked to talk about her money collection.
Tommy had a baseball game. The boys were on the field when it began to rain. Everyone ran off the field. The people waited for the rain to stop. They finally decided to postpone the game.
Gina's mom was driving to the cemetery. They were going to bury her grandpa. As they drove she stared out the window. It was a gray day, and people looked somber as they walked about. Gina thought it looked as if they were as sad as she was.
Charles signed up to pitch his business idea to angel investors. But he knew there was no way he'd be invested in. Charles pitched his magazine startup idea to investors. No one was interested in wasting money on a magazine. After the show, however, a publisher told Charles he was interested.
Alysha forgot to take her lunch to school. She called her sister to bring her some lunch. Her sister stopped at Sonic and bought Alysha a hamburger and fries. She took the lunch to Alysha at school. Alysha was very happy to have some food for lunch.
Sandra had to sign an important document at work but he lost her pen. She tried to write it in pencil but her boss would not accept it. Sandra went to her co-worker to ask for a pen. He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen. Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again.
Tim was eating tacos with salsa. A friend wanted to try them. Tim told him they were too spicy. The friend took a bite anyway. Within seconds the friend was crying and chugging water.
Daniel was not getting good grades. He would meet with his teachers after class but didn't do better. He started to study much longer than he usually was. Daniel still did not get good grades and was frustrated. Eventually he discovered that he had a learning disorder.
Jordan wanted to take dance lessons. Her mother said she could, but only if she improved her grades. Jordan began studying more. She improved her grades in all her classes. Jordan's mom registered her for dance classes.
Howard had a job interview. He was very nervous. He went into the office and gave a bad handshake. It all went downhill from there. He knew he did not get the job.
Melissa was trying to go run errands. Her husband would be gone so she needed her key. She hadn't used it in weeks and it was missing. It took her hours to scour for the key. Luckily she finally found it in an old purse.
Anna painted her nails carefully. Then she sat down to wait for them to dry. Soon, though, she grew bored and began to read. Later she saw that she'd smudged her nails! Anna was so angry with herself!
A house in Max's town had been robbed recently. That morning, the police had arrested the assumed culprit. Max was in his yard when he heard someone break his window. He soon discovered that someone had stolen his laptop. The police realized that they had the wrong guy.
Sarita wanted to get a college education. However she wasn't very interested in living on campus. Neither did she have the finances to live in an apartment. Sarita decided to live at home and attend an online university. In 3 years she had her Bachelor's degree and was happy with her choice.
Bruce is talking to his friends about where to go out and eat. One of his friends suggest Chinese food. Bruce scoffs at the idea and says no way. His friends convince him Chinese food is great. Bruce agrees to go to the restaurant and try Chinese food.
Bob and his friend Joe were playing hide and seek. When it was Bob's turn to hide, he waited and waited. Joe never came, so he thought he must have found the perfect spot. He finally went back inside the house to find Joe at the table. He was eating cookies and had totally forgotten about Bob.
Lindsay was getting up in the morning, today was special. It was her wedding day, she woke up to all of her brides maids. They had laid out her dress, and got her favorite breakfast. Drinking her orange juice, she heard a loud bang and screamed. One of the girls had fallen inside of the shower.
Gina was unemployed. All she did was cook at home. Soon, she got a bright idea. She started cooking and selling plates. She saved her money and bought her own food truck.
Lucy was visiting her friend Mary from church. She was expecting lots of entertainment. Lucy lived with her grandmother who limited the TV she watched. Lucy asked Mary if they could watch cartoons. When Mary told Lucy they had no TV, she knew it was going to be rough.
We finished the concert. Afterwards my mom wanted an autograph. I told her I would stay in line with her. So I did without a problem. She got an autograph very quickly.
Ned was hiking one day. He fell into a patch of greenery in the woods. He brushed himself off quickly and walked away. But then a rash began to erupt on his arms and face. Ned realized that he had fallen in a patch of poison ivy!
Jannie loved animals. So much that she was always picking up strays. Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day. She found a raccoon digging in her trash and brought it in as a pet. Jannie no longer picks up stray animals thanks to poison ivy.
Tina and Marie went to a carnival together. They had a lot of fun playing games. Tina saw a stuffed unicorn she wanted. Marie played a game and managed to win it for her. Tina was very grateful.
On Tuesday it snowed and Dalia had a day off of school. She spent the entire morning making a cubical snowman. Her brother helped her raise the head in place. She used square pieces of coal for the snowman's buttons. The brother and sister stood back to admire their work.
Kelly and Fred had been together for four Year's. Fred and Kelly went to a nice restaurant last night. During the meal he got down on one knee and proposed. Kelly was shocked. He put the ring on her finger and it glistened.
My friend asked me to give him $5 if he manages to jump over the fence. I accepted the offer. He immediately ran towards the french. Although it was high, he jumped over it but ended up falling. I gave him the money and walked away.
I drove down the street to go to the park. I took our dog with us. It didn't take long to arrive. Once there, we played for a few hours. After going home we realized we had a great day!
Mia had a crush on her best friend's brother. This boy never really noticed Mia, though. As the school dance approached, Mia was asked to go by another boy. Mia agreed to go, thinking her true crush would never ask. However, her crush did ask her, and she had to decline his invitation.
Today when I realized all my underwear had holes in them. I decided to go to the store to get some new underwear. When I got to the store there was so many types to choose from. I became overwhelmed. I decided to buy underwear some other day.
Steve went through his sock drawer. He threw away all the socks with no pair. He realized some socks were in the laundry. He had already put the trash in the dumpster. He threw out the socks in the laundry to save time.
My dog likes to chase my cat. She'll hide behind some furniture until she sees the cat. When she sees it, she'll jump out and chase it. Then the cat will start chasing the dog. After they get tired, they will nap together.
Ed was starting second grade at a new school. He was worried about making new friends. On his first day, he was paired with another boy as his "buddy." He found out the other boy liked the same superheroes Ed did! Ed had a wonderful first day!
Tia was at least 30 pounds overweight. She tried everything to lose it, but nothing worked. As a drastic measure she gave up her love of meat, and went vegan. It was very hard it first but the weight began to melt off. Not only did Tia lose her weight, but she was healthier and happier.
Ben was driving to Terry's house. Terry gave Ben the address along with directions. Ben spent several minutes driving. When he arrived to a house, he called Terry. Terry didn't see him outside.
Jason started an ice cream stand that was open year-round. During the summer his business was booming! Unfortunately, sales slowed down during the winter months. It wasn't worth the money to keep the business open in the winter. Jason decided to turn his ice cream stand into a seasonal business.
Tom sent his mom to rent a movie. He told her which one he wanted. Unfortunately his mom was easily tricked. She got the wrong movie. It had a similar name to the one tom wanted.
Sandy recently broke up with her boyfriend. She felt heartbroken and lonely. She decided to try online dating. Sandy selected a man online to go on a date with. Their date went well and months later Sandy and the man got engaged.
Claire wanted to cook for her husband. He loves pizza. She started to make the pizza dough. She rolled it out and added toppings. When it was done, it was delicious!
Liam needed a new computer. He had to decide between a Mac and a PC. He went to Bestbuy to check out the computers. They had a big sale on PCs. Liam decided to go with a PC.
Gina's 6th grade class was half full of strangers. Among the strangers was a boy she didn't know. This new boy stared at her all the time. He made Gina uncomfortable. She traded seats with a friend so he wasn't in her line of sight.
I took my wallet out of my pocket to pay the cashier. I accidentally left my wallet on the counter. I walked out of the store. The cashier called after me to return my wallet. I was happy to get my wallet back.
Nelson loved to ride on boats. He enjoyed the wind on his face. After many rides, he fell off the boat. He barely escaped the cold ocean as well. Now, Nelson wears a life jacket every time he gets on a boat.
Yesterday there was a massive snowstorm. As a result I was stuck in traffic for ages. I got nervous. I did not want to be late for work. Unfortunately I was a half hour late.
Jen knew every language that Google did, which was quite a lot. She'd never seen one quite like this, though. They'd called her to inspect the strange symbols on a pyramid. Jen started laughing when she realized why she hadn't recognized them. Some joker had defaced the ancient building with Klingon graffiti!
Lorraine usually wakes up and leaves her bed unmade. However, she hates coming home to an unmade bed at night. One morning she takes the time to make her bed before leaving home. When she gets home that night she is happy to see her bed made up. She decides to make her bed every morning.
Adam never liked apples. Even when offered with caramel and candy. Until one day he was offered a new kind of apple. An apple that seemed the same as any other, just as red and deep. But it was the apple that Eve also liked and he was happy.
Lydia had a crush on Eric. Eric asked Lydia's best friend, Laura, on a date. Laura knew how Lydia felt about Eric. Laura turned Eric down. Lydia and Laura became even closer in their friendship.
The neighbor came over to check on us yesterday. I answered the door nervously. He asked if everything was ok with us. I told him everything was fine. He said to call him if we needed anything, and I agreed with relief.
Keith was moving to a new apartment. He didn't know anyone with a truck. He had a lot of things to move. Keith paid to hire a moving van. Keith used the moving van to move his things.
Tricia had a loose tooth. She was eating her cereal one morning. Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit. Tricia bit into something hard. She realized her tooth had come out in her cereal.
Sam and Tim were playing video-games. Tim kept losing. Eventually he got annoyed. He secretly disconnected Sam's controller. Tim won but Sam knew he cheated.
Jeremy was at his father's funeral. He had been able to hold it together for most of it. When it came time to speak he broke down. He was unable to stop crying. His friend and family tried to console him.[
Ingrid's class was having a drawing contest. Ingrid was very proud of her drawing. She thought it had a chance of winning. Then Ingrid's teacher pinned up all of the drawings on the walls. Devastated to see that hers was one of the worst, Ingrid cried.
My child asked me if we could do a science experiment at home. I looked online for one that seemed fun. We mixed cornstarch and water to make a non-Newtonian fluid. My child was very curious about how such a thing could be happening. I was out of my depth and could not explain it to my child.
Liz always wanted a tattoo. On her eighteenth birthday, she finally got one. Her boyfriend's name was inscribed onto her lower abdomen. Soon afterwards, she and her boyfriend broke up. She is now searching for a new boyfriend with the same name.
Carla's house was a mess and hadn't been cleaned in months. She decided the place needed a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. She wasn't sure where to start and considered just forgetting about it She decided to tackle one small section at a time and pace herself. She managed to deal with several rooms and was very encouraged.
Jason decides to be a poet. Jason reads a lot of poetry books. Jason writes many poems. Jason goes to an open microphone poetry reading at a bar. Jason reads his poems in front of the audience.
Hugh and Lynn had been dating for several years. Hugh asked Lynne to a very special date one night. During the date Hugh Proposed to Lynn. Lynn said yes to the proposal. The whole restaurant cheered as they kissed one another.
Carl was shopping for an apartment. He found a building that he liked with two openings. One was on the first floor and one was on the fourth. He selected the one on the fourth floor as he thought it'd be safer. Carl regretted the decision upon learning there was no elevator.
Johnny wonder what is happening in the world. He decides to read a newspaper. Johnny reads about events all over the world. He learns a lot. Johnny is happy that he learned about news around the world.
Marie and her family went on a vacation to Canada. They drove all night long with only a few stops. When they got to their hotel they napped for half a day. Then they took a bus tour to see Niagara Falls. There was so much static in the air Marie's hair stood straight up!
Princess had a small jewelry business. She was ready to expand her enterprises. She went out on a limb and opened an additional shop. Unfortunately, the shop failed but she learned a whole lot. The next shop she opened was very successful.
Anna's friend invited her along to yoga class. It sounded fun, so she agreed. But the class was very hard and Anna was quickly winded! It was hard to contort herself into the yoga positions. Anna decided yoga wasn't for her!
The family was out fishing. They reeled in a huge catfish! They all stood in horror, not sure what to do. No one wanted to touch the creepy fish! Finally, the dad took it off the hook.
Bonnie had a small vegetable garden in her backyard. One day Bonnie found several partially-eaten vegetables there. She quickly put up a fence to keep the critters out. She also put up a scarecrow to ward off the birds. Bonnie soon harvested many tasty vegetables from the garden.
Bill started a new school. There was a bigger kid there named Bud. Bud began bullying Bill right from the start. Bill was scared but stood up to Bud. Now the two boys are best friends.
Gabriel had bought some candy for a party later. He stored it in his bag and began riding his bike back home. Suddenly, his bike crashed and fell to the ground. He had landed on his bag, so he urgently needed to check on the candy. Unfortunately, it was all crushed into pieces.
Dave was at a friend's wedding. He was getting old and still a bachelor. He was watching all the people, especially the couples. He thought to himself, when will my time come? Looking at the people, he started to feel even more alone.
The man bought a big item. He wanted it shipped. They said it had to be put in a crate. The man agreed. They charged him one hundred dollars for the crate.
The race gun went off. The crowd started fast. Gary tried to keep a leader's pace. He ran out of energy. He dropped out of the race early.
Tom was involved in a car accident. Tom was injured. Tom wanted to sue. Tom hired an attorney. Tom sued the person at fault for the accident.
I like to grow foxglove in my garden. They are well known to poisonous. I make sure my garden is fenced in. The neighbor's dog ate some once. He stays out of my yard now.
Anna went out hunting with her dad. She'd never shot a gun, so she took her bow instead. They walked through the woods all day. At the end of the day, neither had shot anything. Still, they'd had a great time bonding together.
Kate forgot to watch a show on TV. Now she had to wait until the next day when it was available online. She decided to check it later that night to see if it was online. To her surprise the episode she wanted was online. She was happy she was able to watch her show that night.
The man checked the temperature. It was very hot. The man decided not to go outside. He called his friend. He cancelled his golf date.
Ellen had just turned fourteen. She was asked out on a date by her first boyfriend. She was nervous but elated. She loved the date, and soon she and the boy went out every weekend! She was very happy with her first boyfriend.
Tom loved drinking beer. He was always looking for new flavors. One day he went to a new liquor store he had heard about. Tom was surprised to find a huge variety of beers he hadn't tried. He returned to the store often.
Randy hated his current job. He hated working in the fast food business. One day his friend calls him and ask him to work for him. Randy agrees to work at a factory. Randy takes the job and never looks back.
Jim was up to bat at his baseball game. He was ready to help his team win. The ball came to greg's plate he swings and misses strike one. Another pitch goes by strike two. The last pitch came across the plate and Jim whiffed on the ball.
Carolyn volunteered to throw her sister a baby shower. She went to the store to pick up all the decorations. Carolyn sent invitations to all her sister's friends. She picked up the cake on the morning of the shower. After a busy party, Carolyn was glad the shower was over.
Paul was having a pool party . Everyone was having a good time until it started to rain. Paul suggested they take the party inside in case it began lightning. Because he thought it wasn't going to hurt, Johnny stayed in the pool. While everyone was inside dancing, flash of lightning hit the pool.
Claire wanted to learn a new craft. She decided to take a class on glass blowing. Claire showed great promise and learned much in the class. Claire finished the class and had a piece of art to show for it. Claire sold her piece for a thousand dollars!
So, I was out in the desert and a UFO landed. These little, little dues got out. They walked towards me. I Asked them if they were really that small. They said no, we are just really far away.
Joyce wanted to learn how to drive. So she studied and got her permit. But she became too scared while on the road. And one day, she almost got in a car accident. Joyce never wanted to drive again.
Gray loved his favorite blanket. He got it when he was a little baby. One day, it went missing in his house. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Eventually, he found it in the washer.
It's 6pm and Tom got very hungry. He orders the pizza but has no money. He decides to steal it, but how? He hides outside and runs towards the delivery man! He snatches the pizza and eats it in the bushes.
Mary had to eat lunch at school diner. She did not like it there. Today she ordered lasagna. She started to eat. There was a hair in her food.
Pam worked a popular ride in an amusement park. She was getting tired of seeing the usual guests. Then one day, a celebrity came to ride the attraction. It was Chris Evans sitting in the first row. Pam was star struck for the rest of the day.
Dan was over Jake's house after school. Jake's dad pulled into the driveway. The boys went out to greet Jake's dad. Jake's dad pulled a Power Wheels truck from the back of his car. Dan was jealous as Jake jumped for joy.
On August 4th I attended a fundraiser. A museum in Manchester, NH showed artwork by poor children. A non profit organization had paid for the children to have art lesson. Over 80 people attended and some donated to the non profit. I intend to donate $50 today.
Amanda didn't know which presidential candidate to vote for. So she listened to whatever her favorite celebrities had to say. And she felt proud to take their side. But later she realized they only wanted policies that benefited them. And afterwards she no longer trusted celebrities.
A lady made a jewelry box and decided to paint it. First she painted it red. Then she painted it green. Then she painted it red again. Then she realized she meant to make a bird house.
Mary kept getting calls from random people. The calls came in all hours of the night and day. Mary changed her number and the problem stopped. She is very careful about whom she gives her number to. Ironically, she felt  more loved when she received all the calls.
One morning I was awakened very early. My dogs were barking loudly outside. I opened the door to look outside. There was a coyote in the yard! The dogs chased the coyote away.
Tony told his mother there were people trying to kill him. She asked how did he know. Tony replied he sees people following him at night. But no one ever approached Tony. A shrink said Tony was becoming schizophrenic
Jane was helping Tim out with his auto store's grand opening. She was in charge of cooking free hamburgers for new customers. Jane worried when she cooked meat that it wouldn't be well done. She didn't want customers to get sick and BBQ'd the meat extra. Tim's customers ended up eating what was more like jerky than burgers.
The man went to work. He was fifteen minutes early. He went to the cafeteria. He got some breakfast. He ate breakfast quickly before work.
Kelly ate some pizza last night. She thought it was delicious. However she couldn't eat it all. She decided to save it for the next day. The next day the leftovers were still good.
Roxy's home is filled with clutter. Things are getting so bad that she can't even see her couch anymore. She knows that she needs to do something about her clutter. So she makes a plan to get rid of 2,000 items every day for a week. Roxy's house is much cleaner one week later.
Sara had always wanted to try new foods. Her sister told her she should try eating an olive. At first Sarah was afraid it would be gross. However, she found the olive delicious. Sara was glad to be trying new foods.
Jan started her new job yesterday. She was initially nervous. Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves. Jan showed up to her first day with confidence. Jan made a great first impression.
Allie had elderly neighbors. She decided to help them. She mowed their lawn for them. The neighbor's were grateful. She did not even charge them.
Joey's favorite place to go was the aquarium. When he arrived with his mom he grabbed a map. The first exhibit he chose was the penguins. Next they saw sharks, jellyfish, turtles and many other exhibits. Five hours later they went home exhausted and happy.
Mandy needed to get some books for school. She decided to check her school bookstore first. She realized they were far too expensive. She figured she could try her luck at a used bookstore. She was able to get her books at half the price.
Lucy almost drowned in the pool. At the last minute she was able to save herself. She sat on the edge of the pool crying. Her friend Gina wanted to go home and tell Lucy's grandma. Lucy talked Gina into staying and keeping the incident secret.
Eddie was going to the school dance with his girlfriend on Friday. His girlfriend broke up with him earlier in the week. Eddie didn't want to go to the dance without his girlfriend. Eddie stayed home the night of the dance. He played video games with his friends instead.
In the 1840's a notorious outlaw had robbed the Grand National bank. He was caught and subsequently given a life sentence. Every day he would work on his escape armed with only a spoon. Digging diligently he broke through 60 years later. He realized he had just dug a tunnel to the next cell.
Gerard bought a new car. While he was driving it back, it suddenly stopped working. He was stuck in traffic. He had to call the cops. The cops arrived and helped him.
Betty felt tired more than usual lately. She wondered what could so drastically change her mood. Betty decided to go to the doctor to get her health checked out. She felt nervous as she walked into the office. At the office, the doctor told Betty that she is pregnant!
Jan really wanted a can of soup. But her can opener was broken! Jan determined to open the can on her own. She took a knife and carefully used it to pry the lid off. Jan was very proud of her industrious maneuver!
Allie got invited to Kelsey's wedding. She was rather excited. All the sudden though she saw Kelsi's fiance with someone else. Allie knew she had to tell Kelsi. When she told her though, Kelsi called off the wedding.
Reggie walked in on a group of people who were cutting themselves. He had never been in such a situation but wanted to seem ok with it. Hanging out with them he decided to try it for himself. He couldn't get the razor to cut and was told that it was upside down. He used it correctly but pushed too hard and a deep cut opened!
There was a toy at the grocery store I really wanted. It was small enough to fit in my pocket. I carefully picked it up and slipped it into my pocket. I nervously hurried to finish shopping. I successfully stole the toy that day.
Ella got a tattoo on her stomach. She had it for Years and loved it. Then she got pregnant. Her stretch marks distorted the tattoo. Soon she had to get it touched up professionally.
Jane loved the holiday season. She decided to throw a big Christmas party. Her house was decorated like the north pole. All her friends were amazed and had a great time. They all asked her to throw another one.
John was at a bar with friends. It was karaoke night. He wanted to do karaoke but was too scared. His friend's pushed him to the front and made him sing. John sang karaoke and loved it.
Gina wanted a brand new desk like the new boy in her class. She wanted to ask her teacher, but she was helping another student. As she waited, other students were discussing the new desk. Gina hadn't realized anyone else felt the same way she did. Gina knew if she didn't ask first, she wouldn't be getting a new desk.
Don never knew how to cook. He just recently started living on his own. He tried to cook dinner for the first time. He did better than he expected. It motivated him to cook more.
The man clenched his fist. He rose it up to strike. His opponent noticed the movement. His opponent blocked his hand. The man withdrew in fear.
Last week Stacy was planting tulips. When she wanted to check them bloom, she ran. Running down the pavement, she slipped. She fell flat on her face. Stacy ended up with a black eye.
The sailor felt a breeze blow across his face. He ran over his ship and began to pull ropes. The main sail of his small boat began to unfold. The wind caught the sails and became taut. The boat sailed far away into the sea.
Holly was known as a dedicated hunter. She walked the streets wearing red. Holly hunted, used, and sought attention of many. One night, Holly hunted the wrong man. Now, Hunter Holly herself is dead.
Jenna heard some jingling. She found a handful of coins in her pocket. The coins were worth a few dollars! She put them in her piggy bank. Jenna was pleased that she'd found money.
Kendall was getting ready for work. She noticed that her work bag had a very bad smell. She investigated and found an old orange. She remembered putting it in there weeks ago. When she threw it out the smell was immediately better.
Koa wanted to be a dancer. He asked his mom to take ballet lessons. She said maybe that was better suited to females, but she compromised. She offered to let him take modern dance classes. Koa decided that was better than nothing, and he agreed.
Emily had been working very hard lately. She decided it was time to take a vacation. Emily chose to take a cruise to Mexico. She loved entertainment and food on the cruise. Emily decided to take a cruise again next year.
Bill is trying to get to sleep. But Bill's pillows are killing his neck. They are old and flat. Bill is so frustrated he goes to the store and buys pillows at 2 AM. Bill comes home with his new pillows and has a restful sleep.
My friends and I were drunk at Denny's one night. We decided to have a pancake eating competition. Winner wouldn't have to pay for their food. We all stuffed ourselves and threw up. Nobody won that night.
Jared needed to call his girlfriend to cancel their appointment. He took out his phone and speed dialed her number. As he waited for her to answer, someone talked to him. He got distracted and talked to the person for awhile. When Jared missed his appointment, his girlfriend wasn't happy.
In 4th grade I had to write an essay about jobs. I really didn't know what job I wanted so I just winged it. I thought my essay was terrible but I submitted it anyway! When my teacher was grading them he called me to him. He told me that my essay was better than all the others!
I got a frightening letter from the IRS. The letter stated they want to do an audit for 2013. My husband and I panicked and called the accountant. The accountant asked for all receipts from 2013, whoa! Thank God we put everything on charge accounts and have a record.
Bill decided he wanted to do some work on his car. So he went to the auto parts store to buy some points and plugs. He took the points and plugs home. He opened the hood of his car and began the work. In half an hour Bill had installed the points and plugs.
Stacy had to travel a very long distance to visit her parents. This was do to her living away from home attending college. She enjoyed her visits home but not the long commute. She decided to attend college closer home to stop end the commuting. Now Stacy can visit her parents every day.
Whit entered his state's rodeo. He was hoping to take first place in the competition. But during the rodeo, Whit's horse spooked and threw him off. Whit fell off and hurt his arm, an injury which disqualified him. Whit was disappointed that he couldn't win the rodeo.
I loved animals and lived with 6 cats and a dog. One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother. She surprised me with a puppy! It was a Japanese breed that loved to lick us! The dog got along with the other animals and joined the family.
Sue has an English paper that's due. She has not even started it. She decided to pull an allnighter. Luckily Sue finished it in time. However, she was tired all day at school.
Beth went camping. Her friends got stung a few times. She got eaten alive. She started taking vitamin B1 supplements. The mosquitoes bite her much less after taking B1.
Jerry is building a treehouse. Jerry gets tired. Jerry keeps hammering. He accidentally hammers his hand. Jerry breaks his hand building the tree house.
Ali knew she should eat more yogurt for its healthy probiotics. But she hated the taste of it - especially thick Greek yogurt. Then her mom suggested a great solution: add toppings. Ali began to add honey and fruit to her yogurt cartons. Soon she was eating yogurt every day - and loving it!
Johnny decided he wanted to dress up. He put on a suit. Johnny felt great. His friends told him he looked great. Johnny was glad he had dressed up.
Kate went to pick up her rental car. She reserved an SUV online. But they had none in stock when she arrived. Kate was incredibly upset. But there was nothing she could do about it.
Zander was by the river with his friends. They were joking about catching fish with their bare hands. Just to be funny, Zander pretended to attempt it. To his amazement he actually caught one. Everyone thought he was so cool from then on.
Larry was in the Air Force and is licensed to carry a pistol. He never thought he'd go to jail for carrying his gun. But, he is also a landlord and takes a gun when he collects rent. One tenant refused to pay, started arguing, so Larry pulled his gun. The tenant called the police and they arrested Larry.
Tim's dog was very sick. Tim's dog wasn't eating or drinking. Tim took his dog to the vet. The vet gave Tim's dog a shot. Tim's dog slept for two days straight and then died.
Jane wanted to get her license. Unfortunately she wasn't a very good driver. She went to take her test and failed. She tried a couple more times and failed again. She eventually was able to after much difficulty.
My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach. We go to the water slide parks. We play on the beach. We even play par 3 golf. We are always really sunburned when we get home.
Jill went to boxing class. She went to the facility to sign up. But they didn't tell her she had to rent gloves. So after she warmed up she had to go get them. She was disappointed they weren't more organized there.
Our daughter's friend from Boston College had a baby in June. She just posted a 3-month photo on FB. She dressed the child up in Boston College clothing. She also placed two stuffed elephants in the photo. She used to work for Sarah Palin.
I was swinging on a swing set. There was a bottlebrush plant behind it. Many bees were on the flowers. I accidentally hit the bush while swinging. One bee got on me and stung me.
Shayna dreaded going to gym class. This week they were climbing rope. She stayed after school all last week practicing. When she got to gym class, the teacher called her name first to climb. She remembered everything she learned last week and aced it.
Dori studied for hours every day to become an RN. She wanted so badly to be an RN she could taste it. People were disappointed in Dori because she didn't have time for them. However, she didn't let this deter her from her goal. Finally after all Dori's sacrifice she obtained her RN license.
Nina was almost nine months pregnant. She was enjoying a nice sunny day at beach. She started feeling a terrible pain. Luckily a doctor was there because she went into labor in the sand. She named her newborn baby girl Cici after her birthplace.
Kate never liked eating lunch. But one day, her stomach was growling in class. She tried to eat food in class. But her teacher caught her. Kate decided to each lunch from then on.
John wants to go fishing. He heads down to his local lake. He launches his boat and begins angling. He catches a huge lunker. John had a successful day fishing.
The squirrel was always jumping up on the bird feeder. It was driving us crazy because he would eat all of the seeds. Because he devoured all he could, the birds had nothing to eat. We found a better feeder that would close when squirrel jumped on it. We stopped him and we were happy, but we fed him some corn too!
Jenna was a talented dancer. She decided to teach her sister ballet. Her sister practiced how to dance daily. She never became near as skilled as Jenna was. She gave up and quit dancing.
Adam was having a great night out. He went to dinner and later a movie. He proceeded to ready his wallet to pay. He touched his back pocket again and again. It wasn't there he had lost his wallet!
Today I bought a new car. The car was is very nice and I am proud of the car. I worked very hard to earn the money for the new car. I have been very careful when driving my car. I hope my car lasts me a long time because it was very expensive.
Jessi loved polar bears, especially the little cubs. Jessi plastered her bedroom wall with posters of polar bear cubs. In the Fall, Jessi's parents took her to the zoo. Jessi was able to see the polar bear exhibit. Jessi even got to pet one of the little cubs!
Today I made dinner for my date. I made a wonderful soup. She really liked the dinner. I asked to go on a second date with her. She said she would love to go on another date and I was really happy.
Marley got her parents to take her to an arcade. She wanted a lava lamp prize that cost 300 tickets. She played games all day in order to get enough tickets for it. Finally she had enough to get the lava lamp! She happily brought it home to her room.
I was looking for a job. Finally, a company decided to interview me. I drove to the company building and parked my car. Suddenly, I got very nervous and scared. I became so nervous that I drove home and missed the interview.
Tom was at the club with co workers. He figured he would hit on a girl. He tried to go up to one. Unfortunately the music was too loud. Tom wasn't able to communicate at all.
My friend Lina walked towards me. She asked if I want to go to the prom with her. Since I already arranged a date with someone else, I told her no. She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse. I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach.
Rhonda worked at a nut roasting factory. One day the production line came to a sudden halt. The roasting oven had run out of fuel. It took two hours to get new fuel supplies. Rhonda enjoyed an unscheduled break from work.
Dan really wanted to quit smoking cigarettes. He tried many different options. No matter what gums or patches he tried, nothing worked. Dan realized he just needed to quit cold turkey. It was very hard but he felt better when he quit.
John had three horses. They all stayed in stables behind his house. One day he found a stray Kitten in the stable. He took the kitten inside his house and raised it. He called the kitten stable.
Several vehicles were under a police chase. As they approached a one way intersection, there was a blockade. The police cars were aligned in a horizontal direction. Shooters were lined up. The drivers came out of the car and surrendered.
Tom was getting fast food. He went up to get his food when they called his order. Tom noticed none of the food he wanted was there. The order number had been accidentally switched. Tom had to wait a bit longer for his actual food to come out.
Susie got a new phone. She loved buying phones, But she saw a cheaper plan. So she got that instead. She saved a lot of money.
Darren played football all day long. Darren fainted on the field suddenly. Medical experts ran out to aid him. Darren was diagnosed as dehydrated. Darren got an IV at the hospital.
Since Jason could remember, the local park had always been trashy. He decided to do something about it. Jason gathered all his friends together and headed to the park. They spent that whole Saturday picking up trash and recyclables. It was hard work, but Jason and his friends had made the park clean.
Today was a very hot day. I changed into trunks and went to the pool. I swam back and forth twenty times. I got out of the pool and fell asleep on a beach chair. I woke up with a sunburn.
Maryann has gone through a lot of doubt in her life. She didn't want anything to bring her down again. She started saying yes more. She began taking chances. Maryann is happier living without regrets.
Jane was performing the moonwalk for talent show. The audience applauded her when she started to dance. Since Jane wasn't aware of where she was walking, she fell. She landed on the bottom of the stage, flat on her back. A group of paramedics took her to the hospital.
Rich was plowing his field. He was getting a lot of work done today. He went in to get a drink and take a break. He chose a glass of ice-cold lemonade. After the refreshment, Rich went back out to finish his day's work.
Rob's mom wouldn't let him play Contra on his Nintendo. His dad bought him Duck Hunt to replace it. Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored. He sold the game to his friend Alex. His father found out and grounded him for a week.
The men watched Axel. Axel knew that they were watching. The men had very little to do. They assigned shifts for each man. On one shift Alex did nothing all day.
James was painting a picture. He ran out of the color he was using. James couldn't quite match the color he wanted. James mixed a close enough color. He blended it in with the original one.
One hot summer day I biked to the beach from work on lunch. I had a pair of trunks at work. I changed into the trunks and went swimming for an hour. I dressed and biked back to work. My coworkers said I was crazy.
I entered a contest to see who could stand on one foot the longest. The prize was a large pizza. As the contest started, I knew I was going to win. However, my foot began to get really tired. After I lost the contest, I just decided to buy myself a large pizza.
Ruth was playing video games. She challenged her little brother to a game. He played well! But Ruth played much better. She won the game easily.
Mark grabbed his keys and headed out the door. Michelle trailed behind him, questioning him. He refused to answer and instead got into the car. She watched him reverse down the driveway. As he drove away, he looked at her in the rear view mirror.
Jill bought a guitar. She played it for her family. She was so bad that they threw tomatoes at her. Jill practiced very hard. After a week she was sensational at playing.
Steven bought a new pair of pants. He tried them on later that day. Surprisingly, they did not fit him properly. He went back to the store to return them later on. He made sure in the future to try clothes on before he bought them.
I am self-employed now. But I find it can be hard to properly budget my time. So I have carved my day up into productive units. The process is working so far. But I fear that if I miss a shift it will all fall apart.
Rhonda's heart pounded as her front tire teetered over the edge. The ramp seemed so much higher now that she was on it. She gulped & loosened her brakes, inching the bike closer to the drop. The next thing she knew, she was sitting on the ground at the bottom. Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump.
Timothy was very good with horses. He could make the wildest horse very calm. He was hired very fast by a farmer for his special skill. The farmer asked him to give classes for those who feared horses. Timothy did it and became very famous doing so.
There once was a person who tried to get into his dream school. He spent hours upon hours filling out the application. He knew that it was going to be perfect. He sent the application in and eagerly awaited the acceptance letter. Two weeks later, he got a card in the mail congratulating him!
Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank. Sylvia was innocent. She didn't know what bank they were even talking about. In the end, the truth came out. Sylvia's twin sister was the actual perpetrator.
John was walking around his college campus. He noticed a river. He saw people kayaking in it. He saw a building with kayaks in it. He rented a kayak there and navigated the river.
Tom was a student in high school. He was on the baseball team. He wanted to play in college. He watched video of himself playing baseball to improve. He adjusted his technique and earned a baseball scholarship.
Julianna was expecting a baby and had gone into labor. Her and her husband loaded up in the car and sped down the highway.q. As they drove, her contractions sped up quickly. Soon she felt the urge to push and she had to give birth in the car. Luckily, her baby was delivered safely.
Bonnie and Susie worked all morning to make lemonade. They had a stand set up outside to sell it. They got all set up. Minutes later it started to rain so they had to go inside. They had to drink all the lemonade themselves.
Eileen had become a vegan and she didn't want to go fishing anymore. But she and her dad had always bonded on their weekly fishing trips! She feared she would miss out on quality time with her dad. Then she suggested weekend hikes instead. She and her dad still bonded - and they got in shape, too!
Marty hosted an art class at her studio last Saturday. She had nine people in attendance. One of the ladies was my neighbor Joanne. Joanne made a beautiful collage frame at the class. Today Joanne gave it to me for my birthday.
The Don loved his country very much. But the Don saw his country wasn't great anymore. So the Don decided to become King! The Don fought many enemies and finally triumphed! With the help of his friends the Don made his country great again.
Tom was out with friends one day. He was having fun. After a while he noticed the sun going down. He hadn't realized it was so late. Tom noticed his watch had stopped working.
Kaitlyn loved sewing. She made bandanas for her two dogs. Everyone loved Kaitlyn's bandanas. They wanted Kaitlyn to make bandanas for their pets. Kaitlyn opened a small business where she made customized bandanas.
Gwen was tired of her marriage. She sought adventure and excitement. She found it on a trip to India. Gwen wrote to her husband to share. She ended her letter telling him she wouldn't be back.
Delilah couldn't pay attention in class. She often wandered off in her mind Thinking of fantasies and nonsense. Eventually she was medicated. Now she does better in class and doesn't fantasize.
Jeremy has been working as an accountant for 5 years. He has been working diligently with the same company. One day Jeremy heard that a promotion was available. Jeremy continued to work hard and requested the promotion. Jeremy's boss was so impressed, he was rewarded the promotion!
Tom noticed that his eyelids were drooping and touching his eyelashes. He made an appointment with a plastic surgeon. The surgeon showed Tom some photos of previous patients' results. Tom had the surgery in a surgery clinic and went home the same day. In a few weeks, people were telling him that he looked much younger.
I worked for the MBTA. A friend of mine recruited me to join the BSRA. It was a transit buff organization that had a magazine. One year I got a photo of a trolley published in the magazine. I proudly showed it off at work.
Malcolm loves the rain. Whenever it rained, he went outside and watched the downpour. While eating breakfast, he heard of a storm coming in very soon. He grabbed his cereal bowl and went out on the porch. He ate his breakfast and waited for the rain.
The umpire run on the field and tripped. The crowd in the bleachers laughed at his clumsiness. But as soon as he was on his feet the umpire whistled. He gave a few penalties. And on his way to the next play, he fell again.
Toni was a bartender. She had decided to open up her own business. When everything was ready, she opened it yesterday. Luckily everything went well. Toni made a lot that day.
I wanted some pumpkin bread. I asked a good friend to make me some. I offered to pay for it. He brought it to me, and refused payment. I sat down and ate a big slice with a cool glass of milk.
Carl's son was playing with Lego's. Carl remembered his experience with lego's as a boy. He started playing with his son, building a large city. Carl got carried away though and filled the room with lego buildings. His son lost interest and went to watch tv.
Jim was in a hurry to return his book to the library. He drove his car to a stop sign. Since he saw no one coming, he rolled through it. An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim. Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man.
My dog is a little strange. He craves affection constantly. Any time I pet his head, though, he growls at me. At the same time, he wiggles in closer for more head pets. I do not understand my crazy dog.
Leidy decided to shop for a few groceries. When she came in front of the checkout, the cashier took everything. The bill was $17 and Leidy gave her a $20 dollar bill. The cashier gave her back $5 dollars in change. Leidy was surprised and ended up giving her some money back.
Pam was the mayor of a small town. She was corrupt and stole money from the town. She laid off the fire department so that she could take their funds. One day a massive fire struck the town. Everyone survived except for Pam.
Stella loved to shop. One day, Stella went to the mall and bought some dresses. Of course, she then had to buy shoes to match the dresses. Next, she bought purses to match the shoes that matched the dresses. After that, her credit card reached its limit and she had to stop.
The chicken grew in the egg. The woman cracked the egg to make an omelet. There was blood in the egg. The woman dry heaved. She threw out the egg.
It was Christmas morning. Eve woke up sick. Her family went to their aunt's house to celebrate. Eve had to go lay down in the guest room, She was upset to miss out on all of the festivities.
Kate love animals. She had many pets and liked to take care of them. When she went to college she needed to pick a major. Kate did a lot of research. She decided she wanted to be a veterinarian.
Mandy loved cookies. She decided to make a big batch of them. She mixed them up and put them on a cookie sheet. She was excited for them to come out of the oven. These cookies were going to be great!
Gina needed a second job. She wanted to work close to home. She applied at hotels, banks, and stores. She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them. After 2 weeks she hadn't heard back from any of them
Kathy lived in a terrible neighborhood. But she didn't have enough money to move to a better one. So she got another job. But the added stress ruined her health. Kathy accepted that she would be poor the rest of her life.
Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary. They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean. This was to be Amy's first time out to sea. Amy became nauseous and dizzy. Till this moment Amy never realized how terrible sea sickness was.
Gina's sister made fun of her crush on Eazy-E. She overheard her sister saying she had a crush on Ice Cube. The next time they watched videos Gina waited for an NWA video to play When it did she started to make fun of her sister. Her angry sister jumped on her and began to fight her.
Morgan was about to have a baby. She and her husband couldn't agree on a name. They were both very picky and disliked each other's ideas. Morgan kept pushing one name that she loved. Finally, her husband agreed to just go with that name.
Gary was an egotistical man who had little friends. He wanted to be more likeable and decided to change his ways. Starting the next day he talked less about himself. He also asked other people about their day and how they were feeling. Everyone realized Gary had learned to be nice.
Ivy was halfway through her tightrope walk. She stopped and waited for her brother. Luke came from the opposite platform onto the cable. Once together, Ivy climbed onto Luke's shoulders. With Ivy on his shoulders, Luke pivoted and returned to his platform.
Joey hated his job because his manager was a jerk. He considered quitting, but he really needed the money. He gritted his teeth and stuck with it. Soon Joey's boss was transferred and he got a new supervisor. Joey was so happy that he hadn't quit!
The dog had a severe itch on her back. The vet told us it was from fleas. She laid down in the vet's floor. She rolled around on her back comically. The vet laughed and gave us a prescription to get rid of them.
Louise had a pop quiz in science class. She was not prepared. She only looked over her noted quickly. When she sat down to take the quiz she was done in ten minutes. She got a bad grade on it.
Jane was so excited to step off the airplane. She had just landed in Berlin after a long ride. She beamed brightly as she made her way to immigration. She showed her passport to the official. After her passport was stamped, Jane gave the official a big smile.
Sam was running around his neighborhood. All of a sudden, he noticed a snail on the sidewalk. He carefully picked up the snail. Sam set the snail down safely on the grass. Sam continued on his morning run afterwards.
My cat loves getting treats. She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them. We recently had a mouse get inside. She woke us up by playing with the mouse on our bed. Even though I was angry, I gave her a treat.
Tim loved pizza. He had a birthday coming up. His parents took him to chuck e cheese. They invited Tim's friends. Tim had a great time.
James had an Xbox 360. His friends had Xbox accounts online. James registered, but was still unable to connect online. He called for tech support, but they couldn't help either. He realized he would need a new Xbox.
Matthew was looking forward to the camping trip on Saturday. It had been raining hard all Friday. Matthew was worried the trip would be cancelled. He woke up early Saturday to check to weather. He was thrilled to see the sun was shining.
Charles was down to his last dollar and didn't have a job. He parked in a grocery store lot but need to walk to Kinkos. On the way, he saw a girl with an awesome figure. She was his x-girlfriend. They talked and she offered him $100 to help him out.
As filled in the application he was already feeling relief. His friend had told him this was a great way to make money. He left the site smiling. He texted her to say thank you. She responded and wished him the best of luck.
Jaden Smith was posting a tweet on mirrors. He said we are all living in mirrors and the mirrors are living. I looked at my TV and saw independence day was on. Shaking my head, I look at Will Smith killing aliens in amazement. The best actor is stuck acting like his son isn't an embarrassment.
Last year my family went on an African safari. It was very beautiful and exciting. We got to see many exotic animals. One of them got too close and we all got scared. Luckily our guide kept us safe and the trip was saved.
Benny purchased a skateboard to help him move around campus. He tried to use it as soon as he bought it. He approached a large incline. Since the skateboard gained speed, he couldn't control it. He fell and bruised his knee.
Isabella loves to play in the park. Her favorite thing to do is to swing. She has always been afraid to try the monkey bars. One day, she was brave enough to get on the monkey bars. Isabella now looks forward to hanging from the monkey bars.
George liked to play basketball at the park. A group of kids challenged him and his friends to a game. They lost so they decided to train to beat them. They trained for weeks before challenging them again. This time they won and George felt really happy.
Seema had welts all over her body. She visited the dermatologist for a checkup. The dermatologist said it's bedbug bites and prescribed medicines. She also called the pest control and had several treatments done. Finally, she got rid of the bedbugs and the welts on her skin.
Peter loved superheros. His favorite was Captain America. He recruited his friends one day after school. They were all assigned heroes to be for the day. They formed their alliance and played as heroes all afternoon.
Bailey's family was going snorkeling in Key West. He was afraid to go in the deep water. His mom gave him a flotation device. Bailey cautiously got in the water. He immediately had fun viewing the different fish.
Ann was a pre-med student in college. She was excited about taking her first Human Anatomy class. When she realized she would dissect a cat, her feelings changed. She thought of her own cat when she looked at her lab specimen. Ann changed her major to Art History and was much happier for it.
Martha decided to make cookies one morning. She went out and bought the ingredients. Then she made the cookies and put them in the oven. Once they were out, she set them down to cool. After they were cooled, she ate them.
Alex quit her summer job right before school started. She made a list of the school supplies she needed to buy. Alex begged her mother to take her shopping. Her mom made her spend her own money from her summer job. Because she was spending her own money she chose what she wanted.
The sickness started out just like any other. A few people were sick, and then a few more. But then, those people began dying, faster and more violently. The epidemic swept across the globe, leaving destruction everywhere. The last human beings alive were stationed at the ISS in outer space.
Fred had asked Lucy out on a date. Lucy was so nervous. It was quite unlike her to be nervous about something. Her hands were shaking. But when she saw him her nerves went away.
Rob wanted to learn computer programming. So he decided to watch lecture videos about it. But they always made him fall asleep. He had little motivation to practice as well. And Rob decided that programming wasn't for him.
Leigh needed a change. She decided to get her haircut. She went to a new stylist. She got her hair cut. She absolutely loved her new style.
Sue and Jim had been dating for 1 year. Jim was ready to propose to Sue. He found the perfect ring. While at dinner, he decided he would pop the question. Sue said yes.
Jules had a big tennis match coming up. She was the star player. Jules had been out for a week with the flu and was still weak. Her coach gave her extra time to practice. She came back and won every match.
Rita is a journalist who writes for a small town newspaper. Rita was working when she noticed a friend in the obituaries. Rita felt guilty for missing the friend's birthday last year. Rita goes home and makes a hot dish for her friend's family. She leaves the food by the door because she doesn't know what to say.
She reached out behind her with her arms. She stretched lazily. She heard a sudden, loud popping sound. She felt a sharp pain. She realized she had just injured her back.
When I was moving a few boxes, I tripped over a chair and fell. There was a sharp pain in my leg so my roommate drove me to a hospital A doctor came in and he took an xray to see if anything was broken. He came back in with the image and everything looked okay. He suggested that I take it easy the next day so we promptly left.
Tom and his friends took a trip to San Diego. It was exclusively a boys trip. The boys had fun. Unfortunately however they got into trouble. Thankfully however the trouble was simply petty.
Laura's boyfriend proposed to her in January. They were aiming to get married by March but had limited funds. They decided to cut cost by having a small wedding. They only invited their closest family and kept things simple. Their wedding day ended up being amazing and within budget.
The police were chasing in cars after a suspect from a bank robbery. The suspect darted quickly in and out of traffic. The police were having trouble keeping up. Soon the police could not see where the suspect's car was. By then the suspect has abandoned the car successfully hid himself.
My mom left the house to go to work early. My siblings were starving and there was no food in the fridge. Therefore, I had to go to the grocery store to buy food. I also spent the whole day with them. Although my plans were cancelled, I had a good day.
Bob decided to go to Croatia. He had heard about the marvelous beaches there. He booked a plane ticket and packed his bags. When he got there, the weather was terrible. Bob never got to swim at the beach.
I waited all week to grill. I bought a lot of food. I started the grill. Once it was hot I grilled the food. I served the neighborhood a huge meal.
I loved working on Mechanical Turk. Alas, there was not enough work during Christmas break. Luckily, a natural language processing researched posted lots of work. His work gave me enough money to get through the break. I decided to thank him with a heartfelt thank you note.
Gina was upset one of her siblings had eaten her chips. They were on the road driving out of town. She wouldn't be able to replace the chips till they stopped for gas. Her brother laughed and showed her the empty bag. Gina's mom dropped her face into her hands.
Roda was supervising the seventh grade math exam. She caught a boy copying someone's paper! Roda called him up to the front of the room. Then she sent him to the principal's office and gave him a zero. She felt bad, but she knew it was the right thing to do.
The family received a visit from my nephew every year. My nephew and i are very close. Last Summer my nephew and i rode our bikes on a highway with hills. While laughing and talking our bicycles collided with each other. Both of us came walking back with bruises and torn shirts.
My teacher said we would have a quiz. I did not believe her. When I got to class, she passed out a quiz. I did not do well. Next time, I will study.
Fred was so upset that his puppy Wags was missing. Fred and his sister hung up signs all around the neighborhood. Soon, a man called and told them he had a found Wags! Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back. Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred.
Michael's girlfriend suffers from depression. Today is a bad day for her. Michael went to the store. He returned with candy and a new video game. Michael's girlfriend smiled for the first time that day.
Heather did not have a working cell phone to play Pokemon Go. One day she was watching YouTube videos on her laptop. She saw threw a video that you can play the game Pokemon Go online. Heather watched the video, learning what to do on the laptop. Now she can catch Pokemon without ever leaving her house.
Last year we decided to get chickens. We got them as chicks and I raised them. They are so cute as chicks, but so messy! I handled them multiple times a day. Now the chickens come up to us for head-pets!
Tim was driving home. He got a text from his wife. He decided to answer it. The lack of attention made him crash. Tim accidentally killed someone.
Robbie got a job as a boat hand. He had no prior experience whatsoever. One day the seas get rough, and Robbie fell into the water. The salty captain rescued him, then rebuked him. Robbie got fired when they got back to shore.
Kate divorced her husband a while back. He was supposed to help support his children. He kept missing his child support payments. Kate had to take him to court. Eventually she got the money.
He always beat her at everything. Even with work, he was better. He woke up late and surpassed her immediately. She couldn't understand it. She felt very incompetent.
Jason had always dreamed of being a lawyer. He knew it would be hard work. He studied hard to finish law school and the bar exam. When he was complete, he felt great. Jason was proud that he was finally a lawyer.
A new thrift store opened up in town. I wanted to visit to see what they had. I drove the the shop and went in. I looked over the items in the store. I found a few cool items and purchased them.
Trevor went to the lake one day to fish. Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line. While waiting, Trevor felt a strong tug. He tried to fight back, but the pole was yanked into the water. Trevor was forced to go home after he lost his fishing pole.
When Ben was little, he played a lot of video games. He especially like the ones that simulated flight. Ben knew he wanted to become a pilot. After high school, Ben joined the Air Force. Ben is now an Air Force drone pilot.
Mike was loosing his hair. He was self conscious about his hair loss. Mike looked online for toupees. Mike ordered a toupee online. The toupee arrived two weeks later.
Mary went to the state fair. She ate corndogs and fried ice cream. After an hour, she felt queasy. Mary avoided riding her favorite roller coaster. She was unhappy during the rest of the night.
Rosa was trying to make crepes. She started with basic pancake mix. Then she added an egg and fried it-but it wasn't a crepe. It was just an especially thick pancake. Rosa's crepes led her to a great pancake discovery, though!
Owen was in a bad car accident. His leg had to be amputated. When he healed, he was fitted with a prosthetic. Walking was difficult at first, but Owen persevered. He was very proud of his tenacity.
I love cooking breakfast. This morning I woke up late. I ate a bowl of cereal. I went to work. I was hungry until lunch.
Samuel was a baseball player. He had played for my hometown baseball team. He made terrific plays. He was scouted by a major league team. He was signed to a professional baseball team.
Sandy needed a dress for a function. She could not find what she wanted. Her mom said she would make her one. They picked out a pattern and fabric. Sandy had the perfect dress for her function.
Karl was walking to town. He had to walk across a long bridge. He was nervous about the cars that would be driving by. He decided to run very quickly. He was so glad when he was on the other side!
Cameron buried his pet dog Sparky. He cried himself to sleep that night. The next day, he heard a dog barking. He looked outside and saw Sparky. Then he frowned and realized it was just another corgi.
Colleen loved kids and was looking for work. She decided to work at a daycare center. Soon she realized caring for 12 kids was like 12 Chuckys! She was so stressed out, she quit within weeks. She vowed never ever to work with kids again!
Melinda wanted go and see a band on Saturday night with her friends. She and her friend mowed 30 lawns to get money for tickets. The money was stolen from her locker at school. She told the entire school what had happened. A bunch of her classmates pitched in enough money to buy her tickets.
My neighbor keeps her dog outside during the day. I like to go over and pet and play with the dog. I also give the dog bones on occasion. My neighbor told me to stop feeding the dog bones. I keep giving the dog bones when my neighbor is not looking.
Tyrell was a big black man. All the girls loved him because they liked his big penis. One day, Tyrell was in a bad car accident. He was ok, but he lost his penis. Now no women notice Tyrell.
Will wanted a sweet nightcap. He searched the freezer at home but all he saw were some popsicles. Will drove to his nearby Baskin-Robbins ice cream shop. Will ordered a chocolate milkshake. As he drank the shake, Will congratulated himself on a solid choice.
Jim was allergic to peanuts. One day his friend brought cookies to school. Jim ate one of the cookies. Minutes later he started breaking out. Come to find out, the cookies had peanut butter in them.
Lisa arrived at the endodontist early in the morning. The doctor numbed the area surrounding her tooth. He drilled to clear the root of the tooth, and packed it with filler. When it was over, Lisa paid the receptionist for the service. In the car, Lisa smiled in the mirror and laughed at the numbness.
Carly had been afraid of storms her whole life. When Carly was twenty-nine, her home was hit by a tornado. Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home. Carly's family decided to move away. Carly and her family now live in Hawaii and are very happy.
He asked me why I did it. I sat in the chair and shrugged. The principal stood up and said he was calling my parents. I nodded, uncaring if he did or not. He paused in confusion and decided not to do it.
I made a pizza today. It had mushrooms and mozzarella on it. I cooked it for an hour at four hundred degrees. I was very excited when my cooking timer went off. I ate the entire thing within fifteen minutes.
For the first time ever I went to a country music concert. My sister loves country music and she had nobody to go with. I told her that I would go if she bought my ticket. To my surprise I actually had a good time! The music was better than I fought it would be for sure.
Tiara went fishing with her father. Tiara doesn't really like fishing. Tiara didn't think she would catch any fish. Tiara caught 3 fish. Tiara and her father had fish for dinner.
The kids had a lot of energy. Their mom took them to the park. They climbed and ran and had a lot of fun. Afterwards, they were a lot calmer. The park had worn them out!
June was camping. She was trying to build a fire. At first she struggled. Finally she got it to light. June was proud of herself!
Sue decided to make lasagna. She had never done it before. She followed the recipe exactly. It took hours. It turned out to be a great success.
Bob was too tired to make breakfast. The thought of even pouring a bowl of cereal was too much effort. Bob hit upon a brilliant idea. He microwaved the Chinese take-out he'd purchased the night before. Bob had just enough energy to eat every forkful of it.
Jim was headed south. He was going to see his family. However, his car stopped. He did not know what to do. It turns out that his family would come to see him instead.
One day Will went out to eat lunch. He decided to get a hamburger with no pickles. He was allergic  to pickles. When he got his burger he bit into it and ate some pickle. The pickle made him very sick.
One day, I wanted to make waffles. I made the batter and poured it in the waffle iron. The battery started to leak out the sides, but it was not cooking. I was stumped. Then, I realized I had never plugged the waffle iron in.
We were playing with my little niece. My brother in law was pretending to be a baby. Then he turned into a monster to tickle her. From that moment on she only referred to him as one name. She would call him baby monster from then on.
Shannon's parents went on on Saturday. They left Shannon with a babysitter. After they left Shannon started jumping on bed. The babysitter called Shannon's parents. They came home early.
Carla decided to make a snowman in her front yard. She worked really hard to make the perfect body for it. Carla's mother told her it was a beautiful snowman. Carla had parties with her snowman and even dressed him up! After winter, Carla was sad but knew she would see him next year.
Janice was handling Chemicals in the Lab. She accidentally bumped into someone. As a result, some of the acid she was holding got poured onto her hand. She instantly washed it off since it was burning. Despite removing the acid from her hand, she had a scar on it.
Rodney is an old man. He has been told he has just days to live. He spends the remainder of his life in bed. The day comes and he passes away. Rodney died of cancer.
Misses Dash was a third year teacher. She had trouble with a boy named Tommy. Tommy would always make dirty comments about her lessons. One day Misses Dash sent Tommy to the principal's office. Tommy's behavior did not improve when he returned.
The selfish man clambered through the mud. This was madness, he wasn't a hero. As he struggled for the door handle he knew he was ruining his suit. He pulled the injured woman from the car, worried about a lawsuit. Everyone afterward praised the selfish man.
Anna entered a pie contest at the county fair. She did not expect to win, but she hoped to place. However, the judges called her name - for first prize! Anna was so shocked, it took her a moment to move! Then she went up to claim her blue ribbon, crying joyful tears.
Jane was late for work. She rushed to get dressed. In her hurry she ripped loose a button. She took the time to sew it back on. Although Jane was late for work, she was fully buttoned.
Dana loved soup. She made a big pot of it. She served it in a fluffy bread bowl. Her family gobbled the meal up. Soup and bread bowls was their favorite!
Susie wanted to cook for her family. She decided to have a cookout. She bought ingredients for hamburgers and hot dogs. Susie fired up the grill and started cooking. The cookout was a great success.
Three princesses adorned the cup. They wrapped around it in a loop. They were all highly recognizable. The little girl loved the cup dearly. She thanked her aunt profusely.
I had been applying to any job I could find for months. And I finally got asked to come in for an interview. I was really nervous. And I struggled to answer certain questions. As expected, I didn't get hired.
I woke up this morning. It was incredibly sticky. It was unfortunate. I did not want to be there. So I went to another room.
Briana and Tilly were best friends. One day they were playing when they had a huge fight. Briana swore she would never talk to Tilly again. For awhile they seethed apart until both began to feel sadder. Finally, Briana apologized and the two friends made up.
Tom was at work. He had gotten into a fight with his girlfriend. She kept texting him throughout the day. Tom wasn't always able to respond. This caused the fight to get worse.
I got a box of wine for a party. The box ended up getting crushed. The bag inside the box, however, was fine. So now I'm pouring myself wine from a bag. I feel classy.
Lisa wanted to be a teacher. She studied very hard for four years to get her degree. She did her state required shadowing. She did her student teaching. Finally, the state gave Lisa her teaching certificate!
Randy's teacher told him that he needed to ace tomorrow's final. Therefore, Randy studied for the entire week during the test. He felt confident when he took the exam. Although he earned an 89%, he had a D in the class. The teacher wasn't willing to curve his grade.
Mary was sorting through a vase of roses. She was trying to trim some leaves when she caught a thorn. It got her particularly deeply, and she began to bleed. She quickly wrapped it up in a bandage. Luckily, the prick didn't bleed long and Mary got pack to her task.
Molly was spending a night at her grandmother's house. Her grandmother had a pet parrot. Molly was sleeping in the room with the parrot. The parrot was loud. Molly wasn't able to sleep.
Lon was running on a nature trail. As he turned a corner he saw a big snake on the path. He didn't think he could get around it. He really didn't like snakes at all. He turned around to go home!
Bob and Mike wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip. They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night. Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible! Hoping for better weather in the morning, they went to sleep early. With clear skies at sunrise, they were free to fish all day!
I decided I wanted to make some scones. I had fresh berries. All I needed was the milk. But I had no milk. So I used almond milk instead.
Today was Stacey's first trip to the Hermes Store. She could not believe her eyes at how expensive everything was. Stacey's eye caught a pretty belt that was made of leather. She looked at the price tag and it was $800. To her surprise, her mother offered to buy the nice belt.
Gina locked her key in her car at a gas station. She  needed her mother to bring her a spare key. She went into the station to use their phone. The lady behind the counter declined initially. Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps.
Tommy was a young boy. He had been a very good boy this year. He asked Santa for a brand new bike for christmas. Christmas morning comes and tommy runs down the stairs. Tommy is so happy to see his brand new bike under the tree.
Her breath is still felt on my lips. My thoughts of her linger on a bit. I shifted as she lay beside me, sound asleep on my pillow. I adjust my posture, and look out the windowsill. I wish I did not have problems falling asleep.
John was a kid who was afraid of the dark. John told his parents how scared he felt in his room at night. John's parents decided to help him out with this. They came home with a wrapped box for John. John opened the box to find a new Star Wars night light!
I needed to take a shower the other day. My wife had just used it. I decided to go in after her but it was a bad idea. All the hot water was gone. She had been in there for two hours.
Samantha and her family were eating at a restaurant. At the next table over were two parents with their toddler. He was screaming. He wanted more french fries. Samantha had to leave because it was too loud.
Mark began to sneeze at work. He forgot to cover his mouth. His sneeze flew across the room towards Ray. Ray gasped in horror at Mark sneezing. Mark's sneeze entered Ray's mouth as he gasped.
Japan was building an Empire in Asia. The United States didn't support this. Japan needed to get America out of the Pacific. Japan decided on a pre-emptive strike. On December 7th Japan launched a surprise attack.
My parents went out one night and we had a babysitter. She was nice, but not very strict. My sisters were jumping on their bed and broke it. They were terrified what my parents would do to them! I had them write a confession, and my parents let them live!
Chloe's son always ate the ears of the chocolate bunny. He would leave the rest. For Easter, Chloe made a mold of a bunny. Its ears were three times the length of its body. She made a special almost-all-ears chocolate bunny for her son.
Allie was hungry. She decided to get some fast food. She went to the new one. Allie ordered a burger. She ate it in ten minutes.
Steve has a job as a car mechanic. He recently has been offered a new job at a with another mechanic. Steve really likes his current job and doesn't know what to do. He decides to flip a coin to make his decision. The coin lands on tails.
Sam was tired of having a small dining table. However he could not afford to buy a new one. He decided to to build one instead. He got all the supplies and got to work. Latter that day he was proud of his new table.
Carlos computer broke. He looked up online for places who fix computers. He found a good place. Carlos drove to the store and gave them his computer. They fixed it and now Carlos is happy.
Tom had never fed a baby before. He didn't even know how to mix the formula. Once in the bottle he was afraid to overheat it. He kept checking every few seconds. Luckily it all came out fine and he did a good job.
I was walking down the street. I saw this guy hanging out. I noticed he had a watch. I asked him the time. He told me it was 5:11.
Amy was working on a dress for her class at the Art Institute. She was behind and needed to work overtime to finish the project. She was working when her machine suddenly stopped. She checked everything but couldn't get the machine to work again. Amy had to go to school early the next day to finish her project.
My first cross-country run took place today. After the flag was waved, everyone started to run. There were fast runners however, I managed to take the lead. We were on our 4th lap and was heading to the finish line. However, I caught a cramp and ended up in 2nd place.
Irene's family took her to the candle factory. They all wanted to make rainbow-colored candles. Irene wanted to make one that was a strange shape. The instructor taught her how to make a curved candle. She had wanted to sculpt an animal, but settled for that.
Judith was sewing a costume. She was running the fabric through the machine. Suddenly, something got caught. The machine wouldn't move forward. She had to work on it for an hour before she could free it.
The football game began that evening at dusk. At least, it was supposed to begin at dusk. The clouds began rolling in just as the game was supposed to start. Lightning started flashing as the football players came on the field. The coaches called the game until the lightning stopped.
Jake was at a wine tasting event. He was learning how to taste wine. The instructor told him to smell the wine first. Jake tasted lots of wine that evening. Jake had a great experience at the wine tasting event.
It had been many years since I had seen my friend. I invited her over to spend some time catching up. She asked if she could bring her kids along. My friend and her children came over on a sunny afternoon. We had a great time catching up and watching them play outside!
Kelly's mom said she was going to get an Apple. Kelly didn't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet. So she was beyond excited. Her mom came home that night with a bag. Kelly's face fell when she was it was actually a piece of fruit.
Adam was deemed too old for St Jude. However, they decided to take him in anyway. The cancer had already spread all over his body. He received many treatments over the course of a year. He died for a staph infection obtained after surgery.
Mona's mother's birthday was coming up. She wasn't sure what to get her mother. Her siblings had stolen all Mona's ideas. Mona decided to drive to her mother's house. She picked her up to eat lunch.
A new girl joined Ed's office. She was very shy and spoke little. Ed decided to befriend her. He sat with her at lunch every day and chatted. Soon he had drawn the shy girl out of her shell!
Steve has a girlfriend in another city. Steve has never seen her in person. She books a flight to her city. Steve arrives at her place. They have a great time together before he leaves again.
Tom was living in Texas. Tom heard Spanish frequently spoken around him. Tom desired to learn Spanish. He began studying it seriously. He enjoyed practicing with people he encountered.
Harry went on a date with Jan. They went to the movies to watch the latest thriller. The movie ended and Jan asked Harry to go steady. Since this was their first date, Harry declined. Jan went home sad, learning a lesson in dating.
I got a new neighbor. She seemed friendly. She said if her dog ever barked too loud, let her know. I assumed we'd get along well. That night, she played bad thunderous techno music.
Jane is tired of her children always playing on their iPads. She decides she would like for them to spend more time outdoors. Jane builds a terrific treehouse using wood, nails, and plastic. Once the treehouse is built, the kids spend all day playing on it. Jane is so happy she got her children off their iPads.
Haley wanted to do something fun She called her friends and asked for idea's They decided the zoo would be fun They arrived at the Zoo together Haley was glad she had visited the Zoo
Cam wanted to be the lacrosse team. He was small and not very good. But he decided it was important to make an effort. He did not make the team, but he still felt happy. He was glad he had tried out and done his best, anyways.
One day Brandon and his friends went to the arcade. First they got corn dogs for lunch. Then they went to the arcade. They played lots of games. They even had some tournaments!
My nephew named Noah loves toy cars. He is always playing with them. He even brings them when we go out to eat. His birthday was coming up and I knew what to get him. I got him a few new cars as a present.
When I woke up this morning I was greeted by the sound of birds. Birds often sing in the tree outside my bedroom window. The difference for me is that today I had time to listen. I lay in bed much longer than usual because it is Saturday. Listening to birds in the morning makes me happy.
We invited friends over to play cards. They stayed through three games of spades. It was the astronauts versus the cosmonauts. The Astronauts won two games. Cosmonauts had to buy the next round.
Johnny got out of the bus. He went to the side to retrieve his luggage. A big man suddenly pushed him aside and took his suitcase. Johnny protested but the man was bigger than him. Johnny felt like a pushover when he left empty-handed.
I decided to learn spanish. I bought books to help me. I also bought audio teaching. I tried for months to learn. I did ok but could have learned more.
Alan thought he would make a good poker player. He had seen it on tv, and it looked easy. He decided to enter a poker tournament. Alan lost in the first round. He now realized that he may need a lot of practice to be good at it.
Gary went to the doctor. The doctor told him he was overweight and unhealthy. Gary decided to do something about it. He started bringing salads to work instead of eating large sandwiches. A month later, Gary had lost 15 pounds.
Theresa was walking outdoors. She saw a priest who made eye contact. The priest rushed over and started preaching. She told him to stop. So the priest left reluctantly.
It was his fault that she had died. He'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work. He ignored his common sense and the law as he got into his car. He'd run her over so badly, pieces of her were stuck in the grille. The judge didn't throw the book at him so much as smash him with it.
Kelly and I were having lunch at a local restaurant. Several flies were swarming around. It landed in her soup. As a result, Kelly threw her entire soup away. She had to starve herself throughout the day since she had no money.
My new cubicle was larger than the last one. I sat down smiling happily at my newfound privacy. My neighbors couldn't see over the cubicle when they tried. I knew then that I was going to like this job. I sat back with my coffee and got to work, smiling.
The man rolled a cigarette. It was too loose. He asked his friend to roll it for him. His friend asked if he could have one too. His friend rolled two cigarettes.
Kate always hated her school photo. This year she wanted her hair to be perfect. She tried hairstyles in the mirror for hours. And it paid off. She finally had the perfect hairstyle for picture day.
Julia had packed for her trip. She had crammed everything into her suitcase. She was worried her clothes would get wrinkled. When she got to her destination, they were very crumpled. She spent her first evening ironing all her clothes!
Gina was always trying to get her big brother to play with her. One day he was shuffling some cards. He asked her if she wanted to play 52 pick up. She didn't know what it was but it sounded fun. Until the cards were all over the floor for her to pick up!
Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek The three of them spread out. Kayla hid in the bushes where she thought no one would find her. Her friend found her. Kayla was disappointed but laughed it off.
Jack stepped up to the plate with two outs in the last inning. There were runners on each base. The score was tied. The pitcher threw his best fastball. Jack swung as hard as he could to no avail.
Five-year-old Brian was watching the news with his parents. When pictures of the Louisiana flood came on, the child cried. At dinner, he worried what children in Louisiana were eating. The next day, his teacher helped him write a letter to the school. Brian's letter raised 400 cans and boxes of food for The Red Cross!
David needed a new car. He was sick of walking to work. He found which car dealership would give the best deal. So David left, It was a five hour walk. It only took his ten minutes to drive his new car back home.
Tom was at his local gym. He was running on the treadmill. He stopped paying attention and tripped. The treadmill sent him flying across the room. Tom was too embarrassed to ever return.
One day Sparky's teacher gave him a cabbage plant. Sparky planted it in his Grandmother's vegetable garden. The cabbage plant got very big. Sparky's teacher sent a picture of the cabbage to the seed company. Sparky got a nice box filled with vegetable seeds from the company.
I decided that I should start to give back. I feel I am so very blessed in life. I started researching charities in the area. I found a food bank close by. I started spending 2 days a week helping out there.
We are doing the Ching Ming festival this week. The Chinese burn paper money in front of their parents' graves. We had purchased all the supplies such as paper money and incense. I remembered we needed a bucket, and ordered one. We will be ready this Saturday.
Sally just delivered her baby. She was tired. The doctor told her to rest. She decided to. When she woke up she felt much better.
Tammy ran a farm. They had chickens. They were all fenced in. Unfortunately part of the fence was loose. A few chickens got out.
The bright lights ahead flashed out a warning. Eli didn't see them until it was too late. He crashed through the barricade on to the washed out bridge. Eli's car plummeted into the icy waters below. He drowned as they poured in through the broken windshield.
When the little boy went home, he couldn't find his mother or father. He looked all around. He called their names but no one answered. Eventually a neighbor heard him. She said his parents were at her home.
Dan was ready to relax and watch television. However, as Dan sat down, he realized he was missing the remote. Dan searched the couch for the remote control, but no luck. In addition, Dan looked through the entertainment center as well. Dan became frustrated as he realized the remote control was lost.
Igor leaned backwards in his chair lazily. The bolt holding the back broke sending him tumbling to the ground. Igor looked through his tool box to find a replacement bolt. He found one close enough and used it to fix the chair. Igor leaned back in the chair lazily to test it.
Jane loved hot air balloons. She always wanted to go to a big festival. Her boyfriend saved up money for months. He eventually took her out to New Mexico. Jane had the time of her life.
Dan's solar light along his walkway wasn't shining. He took it apart to find out why. Dan measured the voltage of the batteries with his meter. They weren't holding a charge at all! Dan replaced the batteries and the light started working again.
Matthew owned a large wooden dresser. The dresser was in his garage for many years. One summer Matthew moved the dresser into his home. Soon his entire home was infested with termites. The dresser had a colony of termites that he had missed.
Kyle's family saved money for a year. They decided to go on a trip to the grand canyon. They packed up their belongings and drove for days. After a long trip, they arrived to their hotel near the grand canyon. Kyle and his family walked to the canyon and took pictures.
Jake deserted because he was afraid of dying. His unit was the one that came across him, hiding in the bush. They did his court martial right there, in the field. Jake was found guilty, of course. He was no less afraid of dying when the firing squad shot him dead.
One day Charlie took a trip to Detroit. First he went to Ford Park. Then he went to the Institute of Arts. Finally he went to the Renaissance Center. He had a great time.
Adam brought his teddy bear to daycare every day. One day he forgot his bear and was very upset. He cried at nap time because he didn't have his bear to cuddle. Suddenly he noticed the cat had come over to cuddled next to him. This made Adam happy and he slept very well!
Grammy loved the Autumn tradition of carving jack-o-lanterns. She invited her grandchildren over to carve. They removed the pumpkin guts. They carved faces in the pumpkins. Grammy and the grandchildren had a marvelous time.
Every year, swallows make a nest on my front porch. I think they feel safe at my house. The swallows have been building nests at my house for six years. Every year they come back with their family and make a new nest. We love and welcome the swallows every year.
Jill made a tuna sandwich. Suddenly the doorbell rang. She put the sandwich on the table and answered the door. When she came back her sandwich was gone. Her cat had eaten it all.
One day the Dier family went on vacation to Las Vegas. First the adults went to a casino. Then they walked down the strip. Then they ate out at McDonald's. They had a fun day.
Megan went for a ride in a hot air balloon. While high in the sky, she was amazed at how beautiful it was. She looked up to the clouds and saw that her balloon was on fire. She screamed for help, worried that she would get hurt. As she passed a big, tall tree, she jumped into it to save herself.
Brad stole the ball from the opponent. While he was running with the ball, he noticed his friend. He threw the ball in the air, near the hoop. His friend grabbed the ball and made a drunk. That score put his team in the lead.
Mike had an unfinished backyard. He wanted to plant some grass and start a garden. Mike had no idea where to begin his project. He decided to hire a landscaper. In three days time he had his dream backyard and was happy.
A girl at school asked Jan if she would do a favor. Jan said okay just to get the girl to stop bugging her. The girl gave Jan a stack of stamped envelopes to mail. Although Jan lived by the post office, she never mailed them. Every day, the girl told Jan she hoped she'd get a reply soon.
I threw out my mirror because I didn't care how others saw me. I dug it out of the trash when I met a pretty girl. She said she liked the rough look I had. I gave her my number and asked her to call me. She said she didn't have a phone and just to write.
Beth was home alone. She heard a noise in the kitchen. She was too scared to investigate. She called her brother Jake to come over. She locked her door and waited in her room.
My wife bought some Halloween trinkets for our granddaughter Ann. Ann is two and lives in Queens. As we live in Boston, we shipped the gifts. Yesterday Ann got the gifts and thanked us via video. We were very happy to see her playing with her gifts.
Ted had feared replacing the broken crown. With mouth ajar, he waited as the dentist poked and prodded. His dentist declared that the crown could not be repaired. Ted asked the dentist for a few minutes to decide what to do. Ted called the dentist and told him to replace the crown.
Becky was famous. She was an artist that created masterpieces. She sold a piece for a million dollars. She used the money to support other artists. Becky started her own foundation.
Sally wanted to have a picnic with her friend this weekend. They settled down next to a big, shady tree. Little did they know, there was a beehive right above them! Luckily, they didn't disturb the bee's hive. They were able to have a nice picnic in peace.
Brady wanted to be a good soccer player. He practiced every day with his Dad. He got better and better and was making goals. At his next game he scored the game winning goal! Everyone cheered for him and he realized his practice had paid off.
Luke was waiting for the bus. But it never showed. He checked his watch. It was 4 am in the morning. Luke realized he was really high on marijuana.
Tom was a health fanatic. He tried many types of mouthwash. He enjoyed trying various types. He researched online about different options. He read that hydrogen peroxide was effective and tried it.
Anna fell in love with a nice guy named Tim. She had met him through a blind date. After ten dates and a proposal, Tim revealed a secret. He owned his own company and had a lot of money! Anna was very happy with Tim's surprising news.
My kids like to ride on trains. We went to San Francisco to ride a few. We visited many famous places by train. We tried to ride every single route. In three days, we accomplished our goal.
Jess had a job as a aircraft cleaner. Often passengers left books on the plane. She always kept the books people left behind. She had more books than anyone. Her boss told her to stop keeping books!
I went to file my yearly taxes last week. The person that usually filed my taxes wasn't there. I filed the taxes with someone else. The taxes ended up being filed incorrectly. I called them back and was very upset about this occurrence.
Tara wanted to be the prettiest girl. She was very beautiful. She thought her nose was too big. She got a nose job. Now she thinks she looks perfect.
Mike wanted to start his own NFL football collection. Mike did research using google to find out which footballs had value. Mike logged onto E-bay and bought an autographed football. Mike had a display case built in his home to display his collection. Mike now has the beginnings of a great NFL football collection.
Scott collected all sorts of belts. However, out of all of his exotic belts, his favorite was plain. One day he went to a paint festival, paint was flying everywhere! Out of nowhere, red paint splashed onto his plain belt! Scott was sad that his plain belt had been ruined.
Tom was at a new bar. They had several mixed drink options. They all seemed really overpriced. Tom picked an exotic sounding one. It tasted alright, but not for the price.
Amanda's school was holding a dance at the end of the term. Amanda really wanted to go to the dance but she was not a good dancer. She thought about not attending but instead decided to take lessons. She worked very hard and gained confidence in her dancing. Amanda went to the dance and she was the best dancer in her class.
June asked her father if she can go out. Her father immediately said no. However, her mom said yes when June asked her. She dressed up and left the house. Her father was bickering at her mom for letting her go.
Anna decided to be a vegetarian. She told her parents she was no longer eating meat. At first they resisted her decision. But gradually they came to accept it. Soon everyone was enjoying meatless meals with Anna!
John wanted to go wilderness camping. He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car. John drove a long distance to get away from civilization. He set up his bedroll and lit a campfire. John roasted marshmallows and slept under the stars.
Sam was out on a hike. He ran across some wild mushrooms. He took them with him just in case. He verified online that they were edible. He risked it and cooked them into a delicious meal.
Rick was parking his car along a street during a thunderstorm. Rick heard a cracking noise above him. A large tree branch fell on top of Rick's car. The branch was so big and heavy Rick couldn't open his doors. Rick called 911 and told the operator he was trapped!
Donald hated pickles. He went to a fast food place and ordered a burger. Donald forgot to order it without pickles. Donald realized there were pickles on the burger. He picked off the pickles before eating.
My five years old son and I went to the zoo. He wanted to visit all the animals. He fed the birds and the elephants from a distance. After the day was over, he thank me for the time I spent with him. My heart was full for joyed.
Robbie was confused by his homework. He asked his mom for help. His mom told Robbie to ask his father. His father told him he was busy. Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry.
Chastity had a storage problem in her apartment. She had nowhere to store food or coats or shoes. One day she asked her father to come over and solve her problem. Her father stopped at Ikea and bought all kinds of shelves. Once he put the shelves up and installed hooks, Chastity was happy.
Amanda went on a blind date with a guy named Joe. Joe took Amanda to the carnival. Amanda liked Joe, so she held his hand on the ferris wheel. Joe kissed Amanda at the end of their date. They agreed to have a second date because they had a lot of fun.
My coworker Samantha is recovering from a broken relationship. She had an affair which ended when the man's wife found out. The man has cut off all contact with Samantha. Samantha retaliated by posting photos of them on Facebook. The latest photo is of them at Lincoln Center in NYC.
Our daughter does not like cats. Our cat avoids her in response. Last night the cat came right up to our daughter. I think it was because our daughter is pregnant. I believe cats can sense pregnancies.
Johnny and Fred decided to play Basketball against each other one day. Fred started winning early, and began to slack off. Johnny noticed this, and he worked hard to take the lead. In the end, Johnny beat Fred. Fred learned that day to never slack off until the game was over.
The girl scouts were hard at work. They were trying to sell 400 boxes of cookies! They went door to door. They sold their last box at the end of the night. They were so proud of themselves!
Ben forgot to charge his phone before leaving his house. Since his books were on his phone, he wasn't able to study. After he got out of class, he went behind a building. He was looking for a place to relax. He decided to rest until his mom picked him up from school.
Horace has wanted to learn how to make rice for months. He asks his friend Amy to come over to show him how. Amy teaches Horace each step to making delicious rice. Finally Horace knows how to make it for himself. He is happy that he learned how to make rice.
The Jensen family owned a vineyard. Their vineyard was successful in the past but lately has been less so. They tried many different marketing ideas to improve their sales. The Jensens eventually went bankrupt. They had to sell their vineyard.
Mary was tired of her relationship with her boyfriend Joe. She decided to leave him for another man, Alex. Unfortunately, Alex soon started being cruel to Mary. Mary then asked John if they could get back together again. John, however, told her that it was too late.
The kids crowded around a campfire. They made s'mores and told ghost stories. When it was time to go to sleep, they all got scared. They sat around the fire until the sun came up. They were so relieved to see daylight again!
Phineas and his son were stuck in the ditch. They had slid off the road during a snowstorm. Phineas assured his son things would be Okay. Phineas was worried inside but didn't show fear to his son. After an hour someone came by and helped them get out.
John was visiting a farm where they had baby chicks. He cried until his mother agreed to get him one. He and his chick became fast friends. Even when she grew up and wasn't cute and fluffy anymore. This chicken lived a good long life at his house.
Paul loved football more than anything else in the world. Although he was from a small town, he always thought he could make it. He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college. Eventually, he was starting and picking up first team honors. Everyone doubted Paul, until his name was called on NFL draft day.
Tom wanted to dry his laundry. He had small living quarters. He deliberated about how to most efficiently dry his clothes. He bought a long piece of string. He strung his clothes along the string to dry his clothes.
Londa was pregnant and it was almost time to have her baby. She decided months ago that she wanted a natural delivery. Londa's water broke and it was time to have the baby. The pain she felt was unimaginable. Londa pushed through the pain and had a natural labor.
Jim and Barbara have to go to the doctor. They have to leave by noon to be there on time. Someone showed up at their house right before they left. Jim and Barbara didn't leave until 15 minutes after noon. Now Jim and Barbara are going to be late.
Phil loves music. His parents gifted him with a drum set at a young age. Phil practiced with his drums every day and improved his skills. Phil decided to try to become a musician. He recently performed his first concert.
June love the night more than the day. She could not understand why this was. During the day she was more irritable and angry. She saw a doctor about this problem. She still loves the night.
Bob's heater broke. It was too expensive to repair. Bob decided to live without a new heater. His friend heard that Bob's heater broke. His friend decided to purchase Bob a new heater as a gift.
Allie went on a date with Fred. Or so she thought. When she got there though he did not. She was waiting forever. He never showed up.
Bill was moving to a new state. He called the propane company to cancel service. He asked them to come pump what was left of it from the tank. They told Bill they wouldn't pay the same as he paid for it. He had no choice except to agree to their price.
It was a perfect fall day in North Carolina for doing work outdoors. The sky was clear and temperature was just nice. Al and his son, Bob, decided to build a greenhouse. They would need it for their vegetables in winter. They accomplished a good deal of work by the end of the day.
Harold went for a long bike ride. He had a flat tire about five miles from home. Harold did not know how to fix a flat tire. He had to walk all the way home with his bike. After he got home, Harold taught himself how to fix a flat.
Aaron landed an arrow dead center on a target. He had been practicing for an upcoming competition. By the time he was done, the sun was setting. Exhausted, Aaron collected all of his items and headed home. He got a good night's sleep and came back out the next day.
The library in our apartment building has many books. Residents donate or take books. I donated four books today and took one. The book I took is selling on Amazon for $5 I am going to sell it for $3.
Sandy loves to kayak. She will spend hours on the water if she can. Once, she forgot her sunscreen. She was enjoying herself so much, she didn't even notice at first. When she got home, she found her shoulders were badly burned.
Karen's children wanted to bake some chocolate chip cookies. Karen checked and saw that they were out of chocolate chips. She put the children in the car and went to buy chocolate chips. They returned home and mixed up the cookie dough. The dough went into the oven and then they had delicious cookies!
Jacob told me he was going hunting with his parents. He never shot a gun before so he drug me along to a range. Me and him shot a few guns and he felt he was ready. Jacob went hunting with his parents the next day. He told me the hunt was amazing and he shot a deer!
My cousin and I were prank calling one night. We prank call everyone we seen in the phone book. We were having a good time until someone recognize our voice. The person was our next door neighbor staying at someone else's house. Our parents found out and we got grounded.
My retired coworker lost her sister a few months ago. Her sister had no apparent health issues. She died suddenly of a heart attack. They family had a private ceremony. My coworker is still grieving.
Our condo had a no pets policy. One day an owner bought a small dog for her daughter. Neighbors complained to the trustees. The owner said the dog was a service dog for her autistic daughter. The trustees said the dog had to be certified as a service dog.
Prom was coming up and Shawn didn't ask anyone yet. He wasn't really into any girls so it made things more difficult. He decided to ask his buddy Jim to the Prom. Jim told Shawn he would never go to prom with another boy. Shawn went to prom by himself and had a great time after all.
Larry dropped out high school. Larry had always wanted to go back. Larry enrolls in a school to get his diploma. He works hard to get his diploma. Larry earns his diploma after years of being out of school.
Stephanie dropped her new ring behind the washing machine. The washing machine, and Stephanie, were in the basement. The basement had spiders, and she didn't want to reach back there! The ring was valuable, though, so she knew she might have to do it. Just then, her husband came home, found the ring, and saved the day!
Maggie often got teased for her weight. After high school, she dieted and became very slim. In college, she met one of the boys who used to mock her. He was dumbstruck at her new beauty and asked her out. She declined, saying they were not a good match.
John was having coffee at a local restaurant. He noticed a man who approached the cashier. The man held his gun out and asked the cashier to give him monday. She immediately emptied the cash register. Police forces came and arrested him before he can run away.
I decided to make a great dessert after dinner. I got ice cream out of the freezer. Then, I warmed up some fudge. I put the fudge on the ice cream. Finally, I added whipped cream and a cherry to make a hot sundae.
A family went shopping together. They were browsing for electronics. A boy in the family pointed at a box. The box was a brand new computer. The father bought the boy a new computer.
Ricky was snowboarding with his friends in the mountains. He was determined to try a new trick today. He went full speed down the slope. He went off the ramp and tucked in his feet. He landed a perfect backflip.
Tommy and Erica had been a couple for a year. It was their anniversary today. They went to an Italian restaurant to celebrate. They ate steak and drank lots of wine. At the end of the night they had to take a taxi to get home.
Tom worked hard on his costume. It was an obscure reference. He hoped people would get it. Unfortunately nobody ever did. Tom was disappointed and sad.
Five years ago, my dog adopted a stray kitten. This kitten was the baby of a feral cat that we knew. The kitten actually nursed on our dog for a year. Our dog was also a rescue, so we wonder if perhaps she lost her pups. Sadly, the cat died three months ago, leaving our dog very sad.
Sam was not very good at swimming. When he was young, he almost drowned. Sam practiced long hours every week. Sam got really good at swimming. Now, Sam is the swim team captain and the best swimmer on the team.
The landlord installed a suggestions box. She got some very rude suggestions. She wrote the word polite on the box. She didn't get any more rude suggestions that week. She kept the word on the box.
Jane worried that her son would catch cold playing outside. She bought him a puffy snowsuit to keep out the cold. She sent her son out to play, feeling like a good mom. When he came back inside, the zipper on the snowsuit was stuck. By the time he got the suit off, Jane's son was burning with fever.
Last night I decided to watch Scream Queens on Fox. It was a hyped up show and I thought I would give it a try. As the show started, I liked it. However towards the end of the episode I was scared out of my seat. I wasn't sure I could watch it anymore but I stuck through it.
I really do not like the way I look with glasses. I look much cooler without them. One day I just left them home. While driving, I crashed my car. I never left the house without glasses again.
Tom was drinking some soda. He set it down for a while. Tom picked up a different bottle by accident. The smell was disgusting. Tom realized it was an expired drink and threw it out.
Jill walked home from work alone one night. It was dark and she was scared. She heard a noise in the bushes. Jill began walking faster to her house. Jill laughed when a dog jumped out of the bush.
John wanted to make an impression on a girl at school. John asked the girl's friends what she liked. They all said she really liked music. John quickly learned some guitar chords. John played a song for her at school, to her delight.
Rupert gave money to the homeless man every morning. One morning the man was not in his spot. Rupert asked around for the man. Nobody had seen him for several days. Rupert tried to file a missing person's report.
My boyfriend and I got pulled over recently. We found out he had a capias warrant and he was arrested. I struggled to find bail money. I met with the bondsman and was able to borrow money for bail. He was happy to be released and I am very thankful.
John likes to watch TV. His favorite show is Battlestar Galactica. As a joke, his wife gave him the DVDs of the show for their wedding. John was elated by her gift. John and his wife watched the DVDs together.
Andrea was having a terrible day. Her husband talked to her on the phone and thought she sounded upset. He bought her a huge bouquet of roses. Andrea's face lit up. Her mood was suddenly changed!
Amy watching TV at home. She answered the phone when it rang. There was no answer on the other end. After repeated attempts to discover the caller she hung up. Amy was certain it was the mean girls from school harassing her.
Joshua was singled out to become a football star. As he was the best of his team, everyone thought he'd be recruited. But when the NFL agents came to watch his last game, he got hurt. His clavicle was broken so badly, he had to go to the hospital. Because of it, he wasn't recruited and lost his chance.
Gabe kept getting itchy mosquito bites. He tried wearing long sleeves but the mosquitoes got to him anyway. He lit citronella candles but he was still getting bitten. His friend Jay told him about a mosquito spray Jay used for camping. Gabe tried the spray and got relief from the mosquitoes.
I asked my friend to comment on how I look. We were going to a formal occasion. He said that the clothing looks too casual. After going through the closet, I found a better outfit. I received many positive comments about it when I went to the party.
Earl wanted to bake a batch of soft cookies. He put the dough on a cookie sheet and started the oven. He put the cookies in when it was hot enough. To be safe, Earl set three different timers. When the first timer went off, he took out his cookies.
Alex had to go on a field trip to the history museum. He worried that the trip would be boring. He was surprised to see an exhibit about dinosaurs. Alex loved looking at all of the fossils. Alex was happy to have had a good trip after all.
Tom and his friends went to a concert. Tom enjoyed the concert very much. The audience began clapping after the show. Tom clapped louder and longer than anyone. Tom had wanted to show his satisfaction by clapping extensively.
Nicole wanted to go to a concert in another city. Unfortunately, Nicole could not drive. She asked her cousin to take her to the concert. Her cousin agreed to drive if Naomi bought the tickets. They went to the concert and had a great time.
Jack's car was totaled. Jack was about to head off for college. He was sure he wouldn't get a new car before he left. His parents decided to surprise him with a new car. Now Jack is driving to college in a new car.
It was Molly's first day as a teacher. She hoped her students would like her! At first the class was loud and raucous. But then they settled down and introduced themselves. To Milly's relief, all her students were kind and friendly!
Billy always forgot to turn in his homework, even if it was finished. His parents tried to write sticky notes on his folder to remind him. That idea did not work, so one day his teacher gave him detention. Billy was so mad that he had to spend his lunch in detention. From then on he remembered to turn in his homework.
Crimbo Jackson was a bounty hunter. He told people the line of work he was in was dangerous. In reality, Crimbo was embarrassed that all he did was bail claims. He eventually crept into a depression. Crimbo ultimately quit bounty hunting and became a monk.
Matt began his exercise routine by stretching. He was excited already, but he was anxious when Mia joined him. She smiled and handed him a jump rope. Time for their weekly challenge, he thought, beginning to jump. He jumped fifty times before stopping.
Chuck was happy to see Zoltar post his hits. He quickly filled his queue with them. He soon discovered that these were the worst hits Zoltar had. Chuck grumbled while he laboriously worked his way through the hits. He vowed to be more careful with Zoltar's hits in the future.
I got a black leather bag. It was beautiful. I liked it a lot. I can not believe it has lasted me years. I will be buying another one like it.
Tina had a sleepover party. At the party the girls played truth or dare. Lily choose dare. Tina dared her to go and kiss a tree. Lily reluctantly did so.
Mollie and Julia were sisters who were thick as thieves. As they got older, Julia started to like music and boys. Mollie no longer shared her sister's interests and felt left out. When they suddenly moved to a new city, all they had was each other. They found that no matter what, they were still sisters.
Isabel loved decorating her room with posters. But her little brother was constantly tearing them down. They would get ripped or wadded up, and often completely ruined. Isabel finally got desperate and went to a craft store. Her brother wouldn't be able to rip a poster super glued to the wall!
The scientist was doing his experiment. He mixed chemicals. They weren't supposed to be mixed. They caused an explosion. The scientist and his lab burned down.
My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner. We settled on a date, time, and place. When I got there, Bobby surprised me. It was a party with many of our friends for my upcoming birthday. I never suspected a thing, but it was a great evening.
Bambo Wambo was a DoTA player. His special talent at the game was tilting. He'd often tilt out of control, and make terrible plays. These plays would confound his opponents. In their opponents confusion, Bambo's teammates would win games.
Kalsi could not wait to get a brand new pair of shoes today. Her mother took her to DSW so she could try on some shoes. The store was filled with hundreds of shoes to Kalsi's delight. She grabbed the nearest pair she could find and they fit. Kalsi was elated and purchased them.
Alex and Olivia had been dating for a year. Lately all they did was argue. Olivia decided she needed space. While she took time for herself she met someone. Olivia then broke up with Alex.
Joy had a big pond her in back yard. She found a turtle sunning himself by the water. She fed it a carrot. The turtle climbed back in the water and swam away. She looked for it every day but never saw it again.
Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area. So he decided to shave his head. Everyone was used to seeing him with long, wavy hair. So his friends and colleagues gave him weird stares. But Bill was happy that his head was cooler.
Martha had been bedridden with stomach pain for several days. She was stubborn, but eventually let her husband take her to the ER. At the emergency room, a doctor diagnosed her with gallstones. They had to operate to remove her gallbladder. Now she has recovered, except that she can't eat certain foods.
Bry was terrified of bees. He was walking in the park one day when he saw many bees up ahead! But his girlfriend said they were honeybees and would not sting him. Bry gathered his nerve and walked through the bees. Luckily, his girlfriend was right, and he did not get stung.
The family built a new house. It was right on a pond. They loved sitting on the deck and watching the water. It was a very relaxing place. They were glad to finally live in the country.
Elisia didn't have a boyfriend and she wanted to change that. She decided the best place to catch a man was in Walmart. Last Sunday Elisa dressed up in tight pants, shirt and a straw hat. One guy stared at her while they waited in line. Elisia's credit card didn't work and the guy bought her groceries.
Bill was on his computer. Suddenly, the screen went black. Bill had no idea what to do or what happened. He decided to call his son into the room to help him. After a few moments, his son told him his battery had run out.
The Perseids meteor shower happens once a year. Last year, the moon was not out and the sky was clear. We were able to see about 100 meteors per hour. This was the most spectacular thing I have ever seen. We stayed up until 4 in the morning watching the meteors and talking.
My aunt loves books. She goes to the library every week. Last week she got three books. She read two within a couple of days. Now she's going back to the library.
Alan was the coach of a little league baseball team. His son was on the team. Alan was very excited because the team was doing well. He chose to enter them into the little league World Series. Alan took his team to the World Series and they won.
Sharon was going to graduate in a few weeks, and was very nervous. She had passing grades in all of her classes but one, Calculus. Sharon was determined to graduate with a perfect grade point average. She studied so hard in Calculus that her other grades began to suffer. Sharon managed to pass her math class, but ended up failing English!
My niece lived with an abusive boyfriend. She had several framed prints on the wall. She loved art and talked about museums often. One day her boyfriend destroyed all of her prints. Thankfully, she took out a restraining order against him.
I just booked our flights to Florida. This will be our first family vacation. I know the kids will love Disney. We got a hotel right in the park. I am really excited about it.
The elementary school was taking Peter's class to the aquarium. At half past eight they loaded onto the bus and started their trip. When they arrived at the aquarium, Peter was amazed. The museum even had a walk-through tunnel surrounded by water! Peter can't wait to go back again.
Bill practiced straightening his posture while waiting in line. He unconsciously moved up and down on his tip toes. At the front, the amusement park attendant glared at him. She pointed at the sign. Bill was too short to ride the roller coaster.
Tom went to his bank to deposit a check. While there, Tom noticed something strange. Two men were acting very suspiciously. Tom notified the bank manager of what he observed. The men suddenly rushed out of the bank.
My FB friend had a ten year affair with a married man. The affair ended when the man's wife found FB posts. My friend recently posted on FB that someone was cooking her dinner. Another FB friend asked who it was. She said it was not her ex-boyfriend.
Rodney was always interested in the supernatural. He decided to book a vacation to a haunted hotel. Rodney heard footsteps and loud banging outside his room. Rodney opened the door to see nothing there. Rodney checked out early from the hotel.
The two schools hated each other. They'd had a rivalry for years. When their football teams met in the tournament, it was tense. Both sides yelled and cheered. The blue team ended up winning!
One day Jarod got a pet rabbit. He named it Fluffy. He built a big play area for him. Then he litter trained him. Fluffy ended up being a nice bunny.
I went to visit family in the mountains last week. They have a lot of wildlife near their homes. I was a little scared to go outside while I was there. My friend assured me it was safe. I was still scared.
A long time ago, Charles made a decision to live in college. He was going to enroll in college and never stop going to school. But he changed his mind in his junior year. He was attracted to graduating and getting a job. But he didn't find a job in his field and he wished he was in school.
My family was waiting in line to go to the roller coaster. When he got in front, the ticket collector examined everyone. He said that Robert wasn't allowed on the ride because of his height. I had to take Robert to the area where we put our belongings. I sadly watched my parents going on the roller coaster.
Kate had a co-worker she disliked very much. But he was making an effort to be her friend. She laughed at the jokes he made. She just wanted to try and get along. Secretly she still hated him.
Greg was feeling secure. He had just purchased a life insurance policy. He was happy to know his family would be protected if he died. Greg told his family that he was being responsible. They appreciated that Greg was always looking out for them.
My wife on August 26th. She worked for a property management company. One of their clients liked my wife. She gave her a $50 gift card. My wife was grateful.
Dan had a real bad issue with his temper. Dan's mother suggested he enroll in anger management classes. Dan was hesitant at first, as he thought it was a waste of time. However, Dan learned a lot about how to better control his behavior. Dan realized the class had helped him to become a much better person.
Tom had a recurring dream about a man chasing him down an alley. Tom found out that this dream is a common one for many people. Tom went to a support group to learn how others deal with the dream. There, Tom discovered that he had other psychological issues. Now, Tom is on top of his moods and his overall mental health.
Sarah found herself easily distracted. She felt that she put so much effort into her job. Sarah never could get the recognition she deserved. She started doing less and less work. Sarah still can't understand why no one praises her for trying at all.
Bill wouldn't stop playing violent video games around his son. He told everyone his son was too young to understand the violence. When his son turned one, his son started having bad nightmares. Bill's wife begged him to stop playing the video games. Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games.
My sister-in-law had bad abdominal cramps in 2009. They would come at any time, lasting two minutes. She went to several doctors and got several opinions. She was finally diagnosed with ibs. Medication helped her cope.
Kia was making spaghetti for dinner. She thought it was a fast easy way to feed her family. But she left the noodles unattended for too long. They became mushy and disgusting! Kia was disappointed in herself.
My dad says we have to move out. I'm excited to live somewhere new. But we only have a few days to pack. I'm not sure why such a small amount of time. But I'm excited to see if I can make it in time.
I worked for wallpaper warehouses from 1974 to 1985. The warehouses were located in South Boston. I worked for three different companies. I picked orders, stocked shelves, and ended up as a buyer. I left the industry in 1985 for a civil service job.
I love the rain but live in the middle of the Mojave Desert. As I was working on writing stories it began to rain outside. So I grabbed a jacket and hat and went outside to enjoy it. But then the rain stopped. So I came back inside and now I will submit this story.
VCU is a very small college. Most people underestimate VCU, but Florida will not. Since Florida doesn't underestimate VCU, they beat them very badly. The game was not even close. Florida is a very smart team, and it showed against VCU.
After Ike was arrested, the office slapped handcuffs on him. Ike complained that they were a little light. The officer laughed and tightened them more. The pain was so bad Ike fell to his knees. The officers had to carry Ike into the police car.
Tom was eating at a fancy restaurant. He didn't know what to order. Tom went with a safe pick and got a burger. Since the restaurant rarely cooked those it wasn't that good. Tom was disappointed by the sogginess and taste.
Glenda picked up a hitchhiker on her way home from work. The Hitch-Hiker tries to persuade Glenda to drive across the country. Glenda contemplates his offer. She thinks of all of the responsibilities at home. Glenda lets the hiker out at the next crossing.
Jordan was shopping with her mom. She was really hungry. Then she noticed tons of tubs full of nuts. When no one was looking, she grabbed a handful. She snacked on the nuts while her mom finished shopping.
The couple had been set up by their friends. They met at a restaurant for dinner. They had a nice dinner and conversation. They decided to have dessert at a bakery. They talked until 2 am!
Johnny was walking home from school one day. He smelled something smokey in the air. Johnny saw flames coming over the roof of his neighbors house. Johnny rushed to call the fire department. He helped the fireman save his neighbor's house.
Amy needed to go to a store that she rarely visited. She didn't drive, but it was only 30 minutes by bus. When she arrived the store had no lights on. Amy walked over to discover they had moved to a new location. It took another 30 minute bus ride and an hour back home.
Aaron was running late for school. He could see the bus pulling up down the road. Aaron ran outside to catch the bus. He forgot to take his jacket. Aaron was cold for the rest of the day.
In 1993, our kids (8 and 4) were playing with 3 and 4-year old kids. The three-year old went to the bathroom and swallowed some pills. Her dad was scared and called the doctor. The doctor told him to give her ipecac. She threw up and felt better.
Rose had a big party planned and was nervous. She had decided to wed a man her family might disapprove of in theory. She wanted everyone to be in a good mood and give him a fair chance. She was pleasantly surprised when everyone already knew and was happy. A year later they found out they were pregnant.
While repairing a roof, Liam accidentally knocked the ladder over. There was no one to help him so he just waited for someone to come by. Being on a roof without having to work was very relaxing to Liam. He felt very calm watching the sun go down while high on the room. Then it was dark, and Liam realized that his problem was much worse.
Arthur was annoyed by the noise coming from the apartment downstairs. Music thumped loudly from below and shook his floor. He could barely hear his television. Angrily, he pounded on the floor with a broom handle. The neighbors must have heard because the volume went down right away.
I was terrified to leave my newborn at home with her dad. But Baby Annika needed new diapers. I sped to Target and dashed through the store as quickly as I could. I arrived home, panicked, expecting chaos. Dad was quietly reading a book about math to his happy baby.
Jay lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms. The storms could be pretty bad, leaving roads impassable. Joe always listened to the weather station during storm times. One morning while driving to work a big storm was predicted. He turned his car around and went home, in order to be safe.
Dan noticed several mangoes on his tree. He grabbed a ladder and climbed on top of his shed. While he was grabbing the mangoes, the neighbor noticed. Since the tree was on his yard, he became mad. He threatened to call the cops if Dan continues to take the mangoes.
Two runners were in a tight competition on a mile race. In the last 100 meters they were shoulder to shoulder. One runner tripped and fell on his face. The other runner ran past him and won the race. The runner who tripped congratulated the winner.
Tom was a health conscious person. He brushed and flossed daily. He visited the dentist for routine checkup and cleaning. The dentist cleaned his teeth. The dentist also gave him a clean bill of health.
My husband found some kittens under our woodpile. He dismantled the pile and got them out. He brought them in the house! I told him we couldn't take care of wild kittens. He took them back and the mother moved them.
Tom's parents didn't have much money. They always got clothes from relatives. Tom felt a bit embarrassed by it. His relatives had great style, though. So Tom always looked good.
Annie couldn't read. She had started dating a great man, but she was afraid. She thought he'd leave her if he discovered her secret. But one day he caught her struggling over a children's book. Instead of leaving her, he began giving her reading lessons!
Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it. When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart. He had to get them a new one the next day.
Aaron was riding to work on the train. He could smell a bad odor. Aaron looked around to find the source of the smell. He found an old shoe under his seat. Aaron moved to a different car in the train.
Grim was feeling sick today. It is not like him to feel sick, he even missed work. I call him when I got off and he said he was going to the doctor. He called me after he got out of the doctor's office. Grim has a brain tumor.
Larry received a toy for his birthday. It was a toy airplane. He tried to play with it. However, it broke apart when he lifted it up. Larry wasn't amused after seeing that.
Ben stopped at a red traffic light. He noticed a homeless man sleeping on the bench. He told the man to come. His face glowed when Ben pulled out a hamburger for him. He immediately thanked Ben.
Henry was a banker on Wall Street. He made very good money and worked hard for it. A couple times a year, he took a vacation. His favorite vacations were the ones he spent sailing with his son. They loved spending time together more than anything else.
Tim played golf all the time. Holes in one were common with him. One day he didn't do so well at a game of golf. His friends were worried. He ended up with a sprained shoulder.
My friend's parents are separated. The father left the mother about 16 months ago. They had been together for thirty Years. He had an affair and left her. I just heard she will file divorce papers in the summer.
Sam was eating a sandwich. The doorbell rang. Sam put the sandwich down. Sam's dog jumped at the sandwich. When Sam returned, the sandwich was gone.
My family was constructing a chair. My uncle assembled the legs that belonged on the bottom. I was trying to place the soft cushion to sit on. However, I realized that I placed it upside down. My uncle took it spot and reorganized it.
Justin was a chef. He was a chef at one of the top restaurants in town. Justin loved being a chef. Being a chef allowed him to do what he loved. What Justin also loved was the amount of money he made.
My wife got peppermint bark candy this past Christmas. Her niece gave it to her. My wife did not like this type of candy. I ate most of it. I might need to diet for a month.
Josh practiced playing soccer with his team for an hour every day. He hoped to help his team win the championship. During the big game, he got himself near the goal with an open shot. He kicked and scored a goal! He knew his hard work paid off.
Jamie went to the grocery store in search of something good to eat. It was almost dinner time, and she didn't want to cook too much. After searching all over, she finally found the perfect frozen pizza. She took it home and ate it. It was delicious!
I spent hours and hours, re-stitching and re-stuffing. I stood back, proud of what I'd accomplished. My son didn't seem very impressed, and I listened to him whine. I thought I'd properly fixed Spot, his favorite playtime toy. He only seemed to want to know why the dog no longer barked.
Jill didn't like wasting water on grass. She decided to grow a garden instead. It spent less water and provided more. Unfortunately it was against the homeowner's association. Jill had to take out her garden.
In elementary school I never followed the rules. The teacher would always get mad and yell at me. One day she told my parents. They grounded me for never following the rules. Now, I follow the rules all the time.
Barry attended a clown college. Really it was just a course at the learning annex. He was given a cartoonish certification. Barry made a small part-time income with his clowning. Barry felt that it was not his wisest career choice ever.
Me and my friends were playing Catan the other day. We love to play, and we play all the time. I'm not very good at it though. And my friends give me a hard time about it sometimes. It doesn't matter though because one day I'll win a game of Catan.
My niece went to see the principal of her daughter's high school. Her daughter had compplained of bullying. My daughter had a retired schoolteacher volunteer to help my niece. At the meeting everybody denied bullying and there was no proof. My niece was angry and felt the volunteer did not do enough for her.
I was terrified before my first English class. I did not know what was going to happen. I also worried my students would rebel against me. When I got to the first class, I fought through my anxiety. After that first lecture, the class soon became fun and enjoyable.
A small dog was walking down the street. It obviously looked hungry and tired. Just then, a girl pulled her car over to rescue it. She took the small dog, lovingly, into her arms. The dog whimpered with joy after feeling such a warm embrace.
Lucy awoke on a Friday morning in the summer. She realized she fell asleep and missed the end of the movie. She'd promised herself she would remain awake. She decided she would ask to rent the movie so she could finish it. All she had to do was avoid hearing ending from her grandparents.
Ada had just had a baby. At first she felt overwhelmed. She did not feel qualified to be a mother! But as she learned about her baby, she changed her mind. Soon Ada realized that being a mom was her favorite job in the world!
Two people arrived to a theater for a popular play. There was a mistake with tickets and they had the same seat number. Both people were very stubborn about the situation. Their compromise was to sit on each other's lap. During intermission they switched who was on the bottom.
Michael walked home alone from school one day. No one had waited for him, so he thought that no one wanted to play. He carried his basketball in his hand, all lonesome and tired. He heard footsteps behind him, quickly they came pounding. It was his friend asking him to come join them.
Paul loved the baseball player Sammy Sosa Paul collected baseball cards. One day he spent his allowance on baseball cards. He opened up a pack. The first card in the pack was a Sammy Sosa card.
Granny went to bingo hoping to win the jackpot. She purchased her cards and carefully laid out all her lucky trinkets. Granny patiently waited as the numbers were called. Suddenly Granny noticed she had a winning card and yelled bingo! Granny won the jackpot and went home with a million dollars.
Life couldn't be simpler for Claude. He worked as a fisherman and the catches were always plenty. One day the local oil company blew up and oil leaked into the lake. All the fish died. Claude was ruined, and now is unemployed.
Kerry wanted her parent to buy her a car. She spent her extra time doing chores. She got a part time job. She asked her parents for the car. Her parent wouldn't buy it for her.
Lisa was finally getting married. She needed to choose the members of her wedding party. For her small wedding, she only need a maid of honor. Lisa' best friend was not a maid, but a man. Lisa had her best friend stand as her man of honor.
Fiona was driving her car one wintry day. She hit a patch of black ice. Her car started spinning uncontrollably. She had never felt so scared in her life. Her car stopped on a flat median.
Lucy was a small girl with few friends. She was picked on alot for being different. Lucy got beaten up a few times. She decided to take karate to help protect herself. Next time someone tried to beat her up she was ok.
John went shopping today. He was unsure of what he wanted. He visited a few stores. There was a lot of things he considered. He decided on a new book.
Lori was cooking dinner. She bought all the ingredients for chili. As she was mixing everything together, the red pepper spilled. She tried to scoop it out but was unsuccessful. Lori's chili was extra spicy.
Mark took a whiff of the strong paint. He started getting a bit dizzy. He slipped and fell onto the wall. He smudged all the fresh paint. His wife yelled at him for being so clumsy.
My daughter put an apple pie into the oven. She went shopping, leaving her husband at home to watch the pie. She called to check on the pie. He told her the pie was black, jokingly. She was not amused, but was glad the pie was ok.
John and his sister fought all the time. But when they went to the beach they had a common goal. Their goal was to build the biggest sandcastle they could. They worked hard on it all morning. When they were done, they had the biggest castle on the beach.
Yesterday there was a very heavy fog in our city. As a result, many people refused to drive to work. I decided to take the subway, instead. There were reports of many car accidents due to the fog. The fog dissipated by noon.
Tiffany's job required her to keep a sharpie in her pocket. She often had to date and label things. One day, she smelled a strong odor but could not find the source. When she needed to date something, she realized the cap was off. She was very sad to realize her brand new pants had a black stain.
Dominic was known to be a trouble maker. His parents warned him that he would end up on Santa's Naughty List. He chose to keep throwing tantrums and making messes. When Christmas morning came, Dominic opened his only gift. It was a lump of coal.
Tina was driving home from work one night. It was snowing a lot. She lost control and wound up in a ditch. Nobody found the car until days later. Tina's corpse was still inside of it.
Ella was hesitant to attend church with her foster parents. She had never been religious and was worried about it. But when she finally agreed to go, she got a shock. Everyone was very nice to her and even the pastor was kind! Ella wished she'd agreed to go to church sooner!
Emma was an aspiring engineer. She was curious about what all happened in the robotics club. She joined and started his first project. Her robot one two competitions. She was so glad she joined the club.
Brooke gets angry easily at work. Her friend, Shelby, recommended that she starts to meditate. Brooke trusts Shelby so she tries to meditate. The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work. Shelby notices this, and now they meditate during breaks together.
The children wanted to collect fall leaves. Their mother thought the local park would be the best place. The children were excited to go for a walk in the woods. After parking the car, the mother sees a posted sign. The sign says that deer hunting is today, so the hike is off.
Wyman and his family were tent camping. They went fishing and caught three fish. They set the fish on a picnic table while they swam. When they came back the fish were gone. They saw bear prints around the picnic table.
Jimmy wanted to start running again. But before he could begin to run he needs running shoes. So he went to a sports store. He found his favorite running shoes. He bought the shoes.
The man put on some music. He danced suggestively towards his partner. His partner thought he looked ridiculous. The man lost his spirit to dance. He kept beat in his head alone from that point on.
I had just arrived at the airport and was taking a shuttle to my car. I thought I recognized the other passenger in the shuttle. I started to talk with him. In our conversation I asked him his name. He was Roy Romer,  the former governor of Colorado.
Janice and Marion were friends until Janice stole Marion's boyfriend. Both of them had known each other since grade school though. Finally Janice decided the best thing to do was break up. After Janice left the boyfriend, Marion got together with him. The two friends were never friends again because of the boyfriend.
James tried to arrange a date Nancy. She wasn't interested and clearly told him. He didn't listen and decided to follow her around school. She got scared and reported him to the school. James went missing for a few days but was eventually found.
Greg had an addiction. He needed to quit drugs but he didn't know how to. His family had an intervention with him. he has to go to rehab He is glad.
I went shopping with my mom. She said I could either have new shoes or a lamp. We bought the lamp. She let me get the shoes too. The lamp was cheaper than she thought it would be.
Debora always carried nasal spray for her allergies. One day, a thief robbed her purse, and she had no nasal spray. While on her way to report the crime, a cat crossed her path. Debora started sneezing uncontrollably. Debora ran home, sneezing the whole way.
Emily loved watching movies. She got a DVD of her favorite movie. She watched it over and over again. Finally, she put the DVD back in the case. She could recite every line by heart.
Rory took off her shirt. She put on deodorant. She smelled her armpits. They smelled like daisies. She put her shirt back on and went to her date.
Six miscreants kidnapped a couple of college students. They tortured them for almost two days. One of the students was even shot in the leg. The SWAT team stormed the house and rescued the students. The six kidnappers all pled not guilty to their evil deed.
June was at summer camp enjoying the lake. She and her friends had signed up for some canoe time. They were being a bit too rowdy when the boat tipped. The canoe went upside down in the water and the girls were stuck. Luckily a counselor came to help them quickly.
Deana was excited for Christmas morning! She had been a good girl all year. Deana really wanted a new bike this year! She woke up early and ran down the stairs and saw it! It was her new bike and she rode it all the time after that.
Billy ordered new headphones online. He waited for a week for them to arrive. Once they were delivered, he opened up the box and wore them. Billy selected a rock album to listen to first. He loaded up the album and listened with his new headphones.
Anne fell behind on her rent. She was so stressed out. She didn't want her husband to know. She started making extra money on the side. He never knew how close they had come to being evicted.
Kaitlyn had ordered a new cell phone. The package arrived one day. She opened it up, excited to check out her new phone. For some reason, the phone would not turn on. She had to send it back and get a replacement.
I had a baby boy. He was growing fast! I needed to buy him new clothes. We went shopping at the mall. I found him the perfect shirt!
One day Jessica was on a business trip. The person sitting next to her on the plane was very funny. They struck up a conversation. Jessica liked this person. That's how she met her best friend.
Tom was getting coffee at the cafe when he saw a familiar man. The other man looked exactly like Tom! Tom was scared, but the other man saw him too. Both men didn't know what to think until they started talking. They discovered they were both adopted, and must be long lost twins!
Terry took his newborn chihuahua outside to use the bathroom. He sat down while he watched the dog play in the yard. Suddenly, Terry saw a very large bird flying right at nis dog. Terry picked up and threw a rock at the bird right as it swooped down. The bird died on impact, and Terry's dog began to happily chew on it.
Jackson was hiking with his parents. They were halfway up the trail. Suddenly, the rain began to pour. The family put on ponchos. Then, they trudged through the rain back to their car.
One day Randy's son Justin was asking him for money. Randy asked his son why he needed the money. His son told him he needed it for rent. Randy said he would help his son. The day rent was due Randy was nowhere to be found.
Erica felt that she was becoming sick. So she took two vitamin C tablets. And she began to feel better. Afterwards, she decided to take them everyday. But she wasn't sure how much they would improve her health.
Ellen tiptoed into her father's garage to see what he was up to. She accidentally hit his work table and a hammer fell. He whirled around and asked what she was doing. When she didn't reply, he smiled and stepped aside. He had spent all day building her a new bicycle.
When I was four, we went to the fair. It was in New Orleans. I walked up to a lady selling glasses. She had some in all different shapes. I talked my mother into buying me one shaped like a boot.
Emma wasn't happy with her career. Although she graduated in law, she had become a receptionist. She put this down to the lack of jobs in law. It took her years to realise that she was pursuing the wrong job. Deep down, she didn't want to be a lawyer as she had strong morals.
April was visiting the history museum. She saw a mummy on display. April was terrified of it. She had horrible dreams that night. April decided to avoid museums from now on.
Cynthia was a customer support rep for a large company. She could only submit tickets and empathize with the callers. One day, she noticed all her the tickets were automatically deleted. Cynthia keeps answering the phone, as long as she's paid. She's stopped submitting tickets, though.
Helen loved photography. She bought a new camera to practice with. She took lots of landscape photos. When she developed them, she was very pleased. The photos were beautiful!
Chebon was an all state football player in high school. He had high expectations to be great at football in college. He played one play and threw a touchdown pass. He injured his knee and never played again. He is now a millionaire American Indian artist.
Xavier was offered a job at a new business firm opening in his city. He negotiated for a better salary. His new boss raised the offer. Xavier accepted the new offer. He's now a finance manager at the new firm.
A huge tree grew in a forest. A tiny vine sprouted at its base and began climbing the tree. Year after year the vine grew, strangling the tree with its strands. Eventually the huge tree died. When it fell, the vine also died.
Tim's family had a game  night. Tim lost every game. He felt like crying. His family decided that he would be score keeper. Tim was no longer sad.
The filmmaker had been working for months. He was determined to perfect his documentary. He entered it in a film festival. It got rave reviews. The filmmaker was really happy with the outcome.
Once the dog was outside, she ran to the fence. The neighbor's dog was outside too. They started barking like crazy. I had to go get her and try to calm her down. I eventually had to pick her up and carry her back inside.
A hurricane formed near the coast of Texas. It happened very quickly. Many people did not have time to evacuate. Heavy flooding damaged many roads and homes. Fortunately, no one was killed.
Miranda had just gotten off from work. She was waiting at the bus stop. Suddenly she noticed a loud person walking around. It looked like a homeless man had gotten drunk. She was a bit scared but luckily her bus arrived soon.
The neighbors listened in. They overheard conversation. It sounded dangerous. They called the cops. The cops asked them to stop listening.
The family dog had puppies! There were 7 new little poodles in the house. When a family friend came to visit he coined a new phrase. He said they had oodles of poodles. The family then told everyone they had oodles of poodles at home.
Greg wanted to buy a necklace for his mother. He went to many different jewelry stores. He didn't see anything he liked. Finally, he stopped into an antique shop. He found a lovely vintage necklace for his mother.
Timothy loved to eat sprouts. He ate some everyday in fact. One day, he decided he would eat some for breakfast. After searching, he realized that he had run out of sprouts. Then, Timothy ran to the store immediately and purchased more sprouts.
Rex is tired of his boring job and sad life. He decides to buy himself a gift, hoping he will feel better. Rex buys a new leather biker jacket. He loves the way he looks in his new jacket. Although his job is still boring, Rex feels good in his new jacket.
Tracy needed to get a John a gift for his birthday. However, Tracy didn't know what John might want. He asked John's friends about it but they didn't know either. He finally just asked John what he wanted for his birthday. Tracy ordered a toy from the adult bookstore for Johns birthday gift.
Lisa was coloring in her adult coloring book. Her daughter asked if she could color with her. Lisa said sure why not. The child started to color outside the lines. Lisa freaked out and told her this was her therapy.
Laura went to the department store. She wanted to find earrings. So she asked someone for help. But no one could help her nor was willing. Laura felt rather helpless.
Mary turned the corner at the new intersection. A school zone was looming ahead, but Mary didn't see it. Mary continued to listen to her favorite song. Two blocks later, Mary was pulled over. The cop gave her a warning after hearing her plea.
The patient was getting worse. The doctor ordered  the patient be moved to a different area. The transporters transported the patient to a different room. The patient's family came  to visit him. He died shortly after they left.
Sammy was celebrating his birthday. He was swinging at the pinata. Suddenly, he lost his grip on the bat. It flew off and hit someone in the shoulder. Sammy apologized and the guy was okay, but sore.
Sara wanted to make banana pudding. She had never made it before. It was one of her favorite desserts. She bought everything and followed her gran's recipe. It turned out perfect!
Kay lost 50 pounds and her clothes no longer fit. She decided to get some new jeans for her new body. She was loving her reflection as she tried on jeans. She was really proud of her new figure. Kay was so impressed she bought new jeans and new shirts as well.
Wells wanted to become a mechanic. He practiced taking apart engines and putting them back together. One day, Wells did not put an engine back together correctly. He started the engine and it exploded. Wells died due to his inexperience.
Perry had a dog named Lovely. Lovely had been getting old, and couldn't walk well. Perry built her a custom wheelchair. Now Lovely walks to her wheelchair each morning. Perry takes her for a morning walk, wheeling her along.
Laughter and fun times was always important to Ellie. Her day at the carnival offered her this opportunity. She had planned to ride on everything at the carnival. It began to rain at the carnival causing Ellie to seek shelter. Once the rain had passed Ellie went back to enjoying her day.
I had a job chopping vegetables for a salad bar. My coworker and I would compete to see who could chop faster. We also peeled eggs and carrots together. One day, I went to work and found out that she had quit. I felt very lonely without her around.
Milly's dog, Buttons died rather suddenly. Milly was very sad and didn't want to lose the dog. She took him to a taxidermist and got him stuffed. Milly put him in her living room where she could see him every day. Milly was very happy to have Buttons back again.
Joanna was nervous. She was ready to go, but still kind of scared. She was getting to ride on her first horse. Up she went as she got on the horse's' back. She had so much fun that day, riding the horse around the paddock.
Peter's birthday was approaching. His daughter wanted to get him a tie. She picked out a very bold print. Peter didn't like it but he didn't have the heart to say so. He wore it often to make her feel good.
Winston spent more money than most people. He would buy anything you put in front of him. He once bought a pair of socks for $200. He said it was because they were so comfortable. However, everybody knew he never tried them on to begin with.
The family arrived at the campsite early in the morning. They set up their tent. Then they got their food ready. They started a fire and made s'mores. They had a great campout!
Sue made a cake for her dad's birthday. She presented it to him on a fancy plate. When he sampled a piece, she crossed her fingers. She hoped he would like it! Luckily, her dad smiled and said the cake was delicious!
Rob woke up one morning. He got ready for school. While waiting for the bus, he looked to his left. Beside him was a large furry dog. He decided to call the Dog Furry Dog.
Tom went on a date. He planned a lovely picnic. The weather was nice and he made food. His date had a great time. Tom was able to see her again.
Dave was driving to work. There was a bad accident on his route. Dave got stuck in a bit of traffic. Dave knew he was running late. He called his boss to tell him he was stuck in traffic.
Yesterday I fell while going down the stairs. I slipped on a roller-skate and twisted my ankle. I have to wear a brace now. I am sad because I cannot walk without crutches. I decided to make sure I do not leave anything on the stairs again.
Tim had never gone golfing before. His first time out he was terrible at it. He was more excited about driving the cart. He was too excited and took a turn too fast. Tim flipped the cart over and was kicked out.
Friday was the day the Merrill proposed to his girlfriend. She said no to his proposal. Merrill was devastated from her response. She explained to Merrill that he wasn't mature enough. Merrill broke up with her on Saturday.
Diana saw a stray black cat in the bushes with kittens. When she went near the cat it darted away and was hit by a car. The cat returned a few days later very hungry and limping. A trap was set for her with some food and she was finally caught. The mom went to the vet and now they are all safe in Diana's house.
Jeff was competing in a cooking competition. He was trying to chop a few carrots and celery. However, he sliced a small part of his finger. The officials had to give him a band aid to stop the bleeding. Unfortunately, he was disqualified.
A man spent years planning a mountain climb. He bought the best equipment. He even arranged a visa for a Sherpa to come in from Nepal. The ascent was arduous, and he and the Sherpa were nearly killed. When he got to the peak, there was a Starbucks there.
Tom wanted to watch tv. He couldn't find his remote anywhere. He looked for hours. When he finally found it Tom was too tired. He decided to go to sleep instead.
My Dad leaves for work early in the morning. He has to be up at three o'clock! He works hard all day. When he comes home, he is very tired. Tonight, my Dad went to bed before I did!
Tom's parents fought a lot. Their yelling used to scare him. Now it only makes him angry. It's no wonder he's turned out to be such a rebel. He is punishing his parents for their neglect.
Jamie is a musician who is trying to build a home studio. He has been researching what type of equipment he needs. Jamie compiled a list of equipment and went to the music store. He found many items on his list and purchased them for his studio. Jamie went home and began building his home studio.
Abby wanted to redo her bedroom. Her dresser was very junky. She found an antique one and painted it. When she moved it into her room, she felt proud. It looked great in her room!
Justin's dog Ella was running around the house. Ella ran under the end table. Justin yelled at her to get out from under the table. When she ran out, she knocked over an expensive lamp. Justin scolded Ella, and she felt terrible.
I was riding my bike down the road. My friend dared me to go fast. I sped up, trying to win the race. The chain on my bike broke. I careened onto the gravel, scratching up my ribs severely.
I went to the store. I found a wallet on the ground with $1000. The ID inside the wallet listed a nearby address. I drove to the address and returned the wallet. The owner of the wallet was so happy, she gave me $100.
My daughter was in a play. She played the part of an ant. She also played her violin and sang. All the children in the play did a good job. The audience was very enthusiastic!
Sam is a 7 year old girl. She always wanted to own her very own bike. All of her friends wanted a bike. One evening while playing with her friend. Her parents roll out her very own bike to have and enjoy.
Since I sit at a desk all day, I get little exercise. I really should work out at night. But I would rather lay on the couch. I like to eat while I am on the couch. Maybe I will work out tomorrow.
Jane was at work last week. She received a flower delivery. It said it was from a secret admirer. Jane couldn't figure out who it was. She was flattered and happy.
Gary went to the zoo for the first time today. Gary saw various animals, including bears and tigers. However, one animal got Gary's attention, a cute panda. Gary loved how laid back and calm the panda was. Gary thoroughly enjoyed the panda exhibit at the local zoo.
Dave packed the car. They drove to the resort. They unpacked the car. Something was missing. They blamed Dave.
Ron and Cali had been together since middle school. Now that they graduated college they wanted to get married. Ron wanted to propose at a special place because he loved Cali. One day he took her to their first date spot and popped the question. Cali said yes and cried of excited in response to him.
Chad was lifting weights at his local gym. He was preparing to bench press a large amount of weight. Chad asked a nearby man to spot him. Chad completed three repetitions on the bench press. The man helped Chad lift the weight on the last repetition.
Joe has an English test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. Since he stayed up, he could barely keep his eyes open. He fell asleep during his test and failed.
Ashley was at a restaurant with her friend. They were eating their food and her friend thought it was too cold. She loudly called a waiter over and began berating them. Ashley was embarrassed with her friend's rudeness. She ended up leaving the restaurant.
I was walking in New York when a man asked me for an interview. He told me his name, but I forgot it. He asked me confusing and weird questions. When he asked me if I was lactating, I asked him for his name again. He ran away and I never saw him again.
Rick was playing video games all night. But his mom told him to go to bed. He kept playing till 4AM, however. And he had trouble keeping his eyes open. The next day, his eyes felt dry and irritated.
Tom wanted a pet. His parents decided to buy him a dog. Tom loved his dog very much. One day, the dog ran away. Tom cried when he could not find his dog.
Lisa's mom was from China. But she recently moved to America. Lisa and her mom went to a Chinese restaurant. But her mom complained about how different the food was. Lisa's mom planned a family trip for China to show them the food.
Ken had poor vision. It kept getting worse as he got older. He always refused to get glasses. Eventually he realized he couldn't read signs when he drove. He was finally convinced to get glasses.
Mandy was in line at the grocery store. She was next in line. A woman was standing behind her and had only three items. Mandy let the woman go ahead of her. The woman thanked Mandy before she left.
Bob wanted to see how many stories he'd told his friends. He clicked on his dashboard to see the count. Instead of information he got an Amazon error page. Bob really wished the people involved an eternity of pain and torment. He made a mental note to send them Carrot Top movies for Christmas.
Susan had brought her daughter to the mall. Susan then decided she wanted a smoothie. After she got a smoothie, Susan couldn't find her daughter. She searched for hours and hours. Eventually, she found her daughter at the smoothie store.
Tom was only mayor for a couple of things. He took over a bad situation. In a short amount of time he was able to turn it around. Tom started balancing the budget and adding jobs. It was the best performance that city had seen in decades.
Terry wanted a part time job. Terry applied for many online jobs. Terry was turned down for ever job. Terry decided to sell his skills on craigslist. Terry met many great clients and profited from posting on craigslist.
Ben went on a camping trip with his school. The campsite was next to a fast moving stream. Ben and his friends would swim in the stream all the time. Ben wore his glasses in the stream and they fell off his face. To Ben's relief, another camper found his glasses down stream.
Ron was a shepherd with a dozen goats. One day Ron was out with his herd. He fell upon a dog with a broken leg. Ron took him home and nursed him back to health. Now Ron has a loyal watch dog for his goats.
Tom was building  an igloo. It was a large igloo. His dad told him igloos had to be made from snow. Tom's igloo was made from dirt. Tom happily decided it would now be called a mud hut.
My daughter's college roommate Ellen lives in California. We live in Boston. This summer Ellen and her parents visited us in Boston. Ellen's dad, Mike, is a rags to riches millionaire. Mike bragged so much about his money he spoiled the visit.
The E volume was missing from the encyclopedia set. Grandma asked everyone if they had borrowed the E. Ashley said Elizabeth had been doing a report on Egypt. Elizabeth said she didn't use the encyclopedia for her Egypt report. Turns out, the E was there all along!
Sandy likes to go to the beach. She plans to go to the beach tomorrow. She embarks on the one hour drive to the beach. The car breaks down halfway to the beach. Luckily a tow truck driver was passing by and gave her a lift.
The sneakers we wear are made in a factory far away. Workers measure and cut the materials for the sneakers there. They sew and glue together the pieces to make them into sneakers. Every day, thousands of new sneakers go into boxes to be shipped. After a long boat trip, the sneakers arrive for us to buy.
Brent was six and had never had a photo with Santa. His parents felt so bad they took him to the mall to meet Mr Claus. When they arrived they instantly saw good Ol' Saint Nick. He wasn't in the proper spot, but outside of the mall on a bench. He had a brown bag and a cigarette in hand, Brent left disappointed.
The blues were playing so loud you could hear it outside. Gina could hear it over her earbuds. Her parents were having a great time at her uncle's house. All she wanted was to go to her grandma's house. Instead, she was stuck here listening to this awful, sad music.
One Saturday Lisa went to eat with friends at a vegan restaurant. Her friends love to eat organic and vegan foods. Lisa loves meat and can't stand vegan food. Lisa loves her friends so she ate at the restaurant anyways. She enjoyed her friends company, but left very hungry and irritated.
Amanda was walking down the street. She heard crying coming from a basket. There was a baby inside! Amanda rushed the baby to the nearest police department. They were able to find the baby's mother after a few hours.
Nick children had a messy room. They left their toys all over the place. Nick bought a huge toy box to put the toys in. His kids put the toys in the toy box. Now their rooms are clean.
Nicolas Cage used to be a well respected actor. However, he started taking a lot of poor acting roles. There are many theories as to why. Some say he racked up a large gambling debt. Irregardless, many believe he tarnished his reputation.
Henry had a first class ticket to Saudi Arabia. He got on the plane and prepared to see what it would be like. He was handed a glass of champagne. He reclined in his leather seat and ate lobster. Henry wished he could fly first class all the time.
The baby would not sleep through the night. When the baby was 1, Diane decided to let her cry it out. She put the baby to bed, and left the room. The baby cried for an hour straight. Diane decided not to use the cry it out method again.
Tracy went to a bar with her friends. They parked a few blocks away from the bar. She decided to drink a few drinks. The group of friends walked back to their car. Tracy drunkenly stumbled on the sidewalk and broke her shoe.
A boy was playing with his toys in his room. While playing with the toys, he began to get very loud. His father opened the door and yelled at him to be quieter. The boy played quieter and more calmly. After he quieted, his father able to fall back to sleep.
Sam let Tim borrow his headphones. Tim accidentally broke them. Tim felt awful. He decided to confess. Sam was just happy Tim told the truth.
Mike came home one day from a jog. He smelled bad so he went to take a shower. Mike did not have any more shower gel. He decided to use dish soap instead. It worked just as well and he smelled like clean dishes.
Justine was the most talented student in her class. She helped all her fellow students with all their needs. But as she was a pushover, she didn't have limits. And she was exploited by most to do their homework. She had to call in sick to finally be free of all the demands on her.
Sam bought a new clock. However Sam couldn't tell time. He was very sad. His mother sat him down and explained everything. He was then able to use his new clock.
Matt's mom promised a surprise for him after school. He was excited all day. So excited that he wasn't paying attention during math class. When he didn't answer when called, he was given detention. Matt would have to wait longer to find out what was his surprise.
Barry loved to watch horse races at the track. Barry decided to bet on a race one day. He sank thousands of dollars into the bet, digging into his savings. Barry was pale with fear as he watched the race take place! Barry nearly fainted as his horse crossed the finish in first place!
Mort thought he was destined to be wealthy. He couldn't figure out how to make it the legal way. He dug a tunnel towards the town's bank, with ill intent. Mort made a serious mistake with his calculations. His last shovel thrust brought in a river's worth of water.
Mike found the bag of candy. Mike decided it was a good idea to share the candy with his class. When the teacher arrived, the bag was empty. The teacher informed Mike that the candy was for a class project. Chad apologized and bought another bag to replace the candy.
The newspaper had said that there were a lot of shark attacks of late. Hank felt like going for a swim anyway. The beach was empty as he walked to the water. He enjoyed not having to deal with any crowds. He thought he saw a fin in the distance but ignored it.
Todd was called for an interview. They told him they would keep in touch. Several weeks passed and no call. Todd was ready to give up. But then they told him he got the job.
Jane wanted to cheer up her friend after a breakup. She sent the friend flowers from a secret admirer. The friend thought the flowers were from her ex-boyfriend. She told everyone she was sure they were getting back together. Jane said nothing at all.
Austin was a very lazy boy. Every morning when he got to school, he laid his head down. Once his head was down, he would go to sleep. His teacher got tired of him doing this, so she made him stand up. Austin soon learned to take his naps at home!
We always loved the summer Olympics. We looked forward to it every four years. My wife loves all of the swimming events. I love all the track and field ones. We will be sad when it's over.
Becky's Boyfriend loved bacon. So she decided to cook a breakfast for him. The following morning she made eggs, bacon and toast for him. She placed his plate on the table when he showed up. Back at the table, Becky's dog was eating his bacon and eggs.
I woke up happy and excited. First, I put on my wedding dress. I put on my makeup. Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer's office. I married my fiance in front of my family.
I was camping with my friends. We pitched the tent and ate hot dogs. We set up our bags in the tent. I heard a roar. It was a bear.
When I was five years old my mom bought me a puppy. We named the dog Marley. Marley and me pretty much grew up together. When I was twelve years old Marley got really sick. Marley died and I was very sad.
The dancers gathered together. They were going to perform at a competition. They were nervous and excited. They'd practiced for months for this moment! Their performance was flawless.
Kia wrote a computer program for her mom. The program offered pop-up help for a lot of other programs. It helped Kia's mom understand her modern computer easily. She tried to show her mom how she'd written the program. But her mom laughed and said Kia was too smart for her!
Mark notices an itch in his pants. He scratches himself. Still the itch cannot be satisfied. So he checked his pants. Someone had put ants in his pants!
I went to the local pound for a kitchen for myself. As I went in they had a huge selection. I decided on picking an orange kitten as she was the cutest. I went through with the payment and off the door we went. I turned the car on and off we went to my house.
He soon realized her parents didn't care. They told him to suspend her or do whatever he wanted. He chewed her out for what she had done. Since it was the south, he paddled her for the theft. He then gave her a week of in school suspension.
Tom had a new dessert called Ice berries. He gave some to his friends. They loved it so much that they paid him money. Tom decided to go into business. He ended up becoming a millionaire with his dessert.
Susan loves singing. At her school she signed up for a song contest for the school choir. She was really excited to perform her favorite song. Everything went great and she even won the contest. Now she is the lead singer of the school choir.
The rock fell from the cliff. It hit the head of a hiker. The hiker fell down the hill. A boulder stopped the hiker. The hiker climbed back up the hill.
Marco got a new puppy the other day. He decided to name the poppy Joe. Joe and Marco played out in the yard regularly. One day while playing though Joe got lost, and Marco was worried. He looked all over, and was happy to find Joe in the neighbor's yard.
Andrew took some money to the lottery. He bought a lottery ticket. He waited till the winner was announced. He checked his ticket for his number. He won the lottery!
Lulu was on her way at the airport to Florida. She ran through the terminals. Yet to her dismay, her luggage broke. All her clothes fell out on the floor. Lulu had to quickly pick it all up.
A cricket wandered into Shelly's house one day. The cricket chirped and chirped until Shelly could take no more. Shelly searched for the cricket for hours while it kept on chirping. Finally, Shelly found the cricket in the closet. She fed the cricket to her pet tarantula and her house is quiet again.
Nina needed to study really hard for her college entrance exam. However, she developed a nasty cold. Her study performance suffered greatly. Nina decided to take the test anyway. She passed with flying colors.
My 99 year old friend Ben is hard of hearing. I first met him two years ago. He invited me to his apartment. His unit was the only one in the building with a bell. Ben said the property manager installed it just for him.
Josh was really hungry. He decided to make an omelette. He took some eggs from his refrigerator. Josh cracked open the eggs into a pan. He put his omelette on a plate and ate.
DJ went to a shoe store with mom to buy new shoes. She looked at various shoes but didn't like anything. Mom then showed her two shoes. One was sparkly and pink and the other was white and purple. DJ likes pink and sparkles so she bought the pink sparkly shoes.
Leslie had a few chickens. They each laid an egg every day. She would collect them and put them in her fridge. She sold them to her neighbor for $3 a dozen. She was making a lot of money each month off her eggs.
Kathy and Ann had been best friends since middle school. They both were wanting their first tattoo. It was going to be a best friend tattoo. The artist walked them both through the experience. Kathy and Ann were extremely happy with their tattoos.
Lance had an appointment in town. He didn't have a car. He needed to find some way to get to his appointment. He noticed his bike in the garage. Then, he decided to ride the bike to the appointment.
The woman put some cookies in the oven. She set the timer. She laid down while she waited. She fell asleep. She woke up to the smell of burnt cookies.
Eve was a Girl Scout. She was determined to sell the most cookies. She asked everyone she knew to buy cookies. She sent her order form to work with her mom. She sold over 1000 boxes.
Drake was excited about the new cd coming out. He waited impatiently in his room. He couldn't keep his mind off of it. When it was released, he went straight to the music store. He bought 100 copies.
One time I was walking along the sidewalk to the store. I saw a man on the corner standing between two poles. I wondered what he was doing and slowly began to realize. A small puddle was forming on the ground as he peed publicly. Now I avoid stepping on any liquid substance on the sidewalk!
Emily was working on a painting. She had been working on it for four days. She was in the middle of painting some snow. Suddenly, her hand twitched and the brush jerked. She had ruined her painting with a huge stroke of white.
Heather was home from college. She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood. To her surprise, she saw her enemy Rebecca. The two exchanged glances. Luckily Becca did not say anything and just walked away.
Amy had a wedding and hired a fancy DJ. But he played none of the music she asked for! He pandered to the crowd instead, and Amy was angry. She almost left him a scathing online review, then decided against it. Amy decided to be the better person and just move on.
Nick just became a personal trainer. He was looking to take on clients to make some money. He started a website to promote himself. Things started slow but he eventually built a good client base. Nick now has over twenty clients!
Bill was having a nice day at the beach. But it began to rain. Bill started to gather his belongings. But he had never seen the beach on a rainy day. Bill had an even better day staring at the ocean in the rain.
Mark is driving down the road fast. He loves to speed and go as fast as he can. He suddenly hears his car making a loud noise. He know that it's bad and decides to pull over. He pops the hood and fears are confirmed he has blown his engine.
Ellen had loved writing since she was a child. She had won multiple junior poetry competitions. Words had always come easily to her. Now she didn't know what to say. She stood on stage speechless, clutching her award.
I never cleaned the bathroom at my house. I always thought it was too dirty to clean. I didn't want to  get my hands dirty. One day my friend bought me a pair of gloves to clean with. I cleaned the bathroom without worrying about feeling dirty.
Curtis asked if I could bake some cookies today. I only had ingredients for peanut butter ones. He loves peanut butter cookies. He helped me bake them. He ate all of them!
Jim wanted to decorate his house for Christmas. He started stringing colored lights on the roof of his house. Jim fell because his ladder was unsteady. In the emergency room, Jim was diagnosed with a broken leg. Jim got a white cast on his leg for Christmas.
Jared loved killing bugs. When his friends had problems he was always the one for the job. He'd stomped in like a bulldozer ready to kill. And the bugs would scamper away at the first sign of the spray. As he was so good at it, he became a master exterminator.
It was time for my cat's yearly physical examination. I booked an appointment at the vet. On the day of the visit, my cat reluctantly got in her carrier. At the vet she was nervous but well-behaved. When we got home she was happy to be out of the carrier.
Alicia was having some bad eyesight. She decided she really needed glasses. She went to get her eyes checked. Alicia was told she needed a strong prescription. She then got to pick out some cute glasses.
Bill had recently gotten a divorce from his wife. He had never really gone shopping as she took care of those things. Bill had no idea where to start. He was a little nervous about picking up what he needed and didn't. Bill conquered his fears and went into the store to buy what he needed.
Nicole needed a new computer. She went to Bestbuy to pick one out. She asked the manager for his opinion. The manager suggested a laptop because of the convenience. Nicole ultimately went with a desktop because it was cheaper.
Kyle needed a new office chair. But he was surprised at how expensive they all were. Kyle decided to buy one for $60. But one month later, the padding started to wear out. Kyle regret not spending more money.
One morning, Stuart's car wouldn't start. He had it towed to the mechanic's, who said the engine had died. A new engine would be very costly, so Stuart decided to buy a new car. He shopped around and found a good deal on a hybrid car. Once he got his new car, Stuart was very happy and relieved.
James went faster and faster down the hill. He was trying to impress a group of girls at the bottom of the hill. He skidded to a stop just past the girls. The girls started laughing. He noticed his seat lying half way up the hill.
Karen has a 5-year-old cat. Karen goes to the shelter to adopt a kitten. She introduces her new cat to the old one slowly. One day, Rosie finds her two cats sleeping next to each other. Rosie is glad her old cat has a new friend.
Tim always decorated for Halloween. He would try to scare the neighborhood kids. He dressed up as a prop and jumped out at them. He was able to scare several trick or treaters. Tim filmed the best responses.
Gary was obsessed with everything related to Christmas. He wanted to open up a Christmas themed store. He borrowed money to set up his merchandise. Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer. Gary was forced to go out of business after only one year.
Jake was really hungry. He decided to order a pizza. His pizza still did not arrive after an hour. They forgot his order. Jake had to call them again to get his pizza delivered.
John loves Thanksgiving. John invites the whole family over for the holiday. Over half the family say they can't make it. John is very depressed. John is surprised when more people than he thought showed up.
Carlos had always been very interested in German language and culture. He wanted to learn German, but it was not offered at his high school. Carlos finally arranged for a special German tutor to teach him. After Year's of hard work Carlos could speak German fluently. When he visited Germany, all the locals were impressed with his skill.
Eds wife thought he had quit smoking, but he really hadn't. He had to sneak around and hide it from her. One day, she smelled smoke on his clothes. She confronted Ed about his smoking and he confessed. Ed tried hard to quit and was eventually successful.
The teacher announced that it was snack time Everyone, including myself, took out snacks. When I began eating, another student asked me for some. five minutes later, they asked for more. He ended up finishing the bag before I did.
Arnold was playing basketball with friends. Suddenly he got a sprained ankle. He drove back home. He put ice on it for a while. He got better in a day.
Eric's mom was planning a large family dinner for tonight. He knew that if he missed it, his mother would be really upset. However, he had forgotten and made plans to go to Justin's house. So, he decided to ask if Justin could come over for family dinner. His mom let Justin come and they had a great time.
Patty wanted to grow a garden. Her grandma was good at growing flowers. Patty asked her grandma for help starting a garden. Together, they worked in the garden all spring. Now Patty and her grandma have the prettiest garden on the street.
Tom and his wife had a lovely dinner at a restaurant. The following day, Tom received a call from his bank. They told him some unusually large purchases were made with his card. Tom discovered the waiter at the restaurant had used his card number. Tom went to the restaurant, reporting all to the manager.
When we moved I realized I had a ton of CDs. I went through them and remembered buying them all. There were some classics and some one hit wonders. I picked out a few to listen in my car. It was fun to listen to all this old music.
Yesterday I ordered a bunch of coffee table books online. The books were about fashion. When I got them, I immediately opened the boxes. Everything was perfect. I knew I would go back to them again.
Susan was thinking about her husband's birthday gift. She wanted to do something really unique and special. Suddenly she was inspired by one of their favorite inside jokes. She decided to make him a shirt referencing that joke. He loved the shirt and wore it often.
Bill had gotten his hours cut. He couldn't afford to pay his insurance. He got behind a couple of months. They threatened to cut him off entirely. He was finally able to pay what he owed, though.
I went for a walk on Beale Street. I couldn't get a song about Memphis out of my head. I walked down to a club and had a drink. I talked to a stranger and listened to the blues. It was a fun night to get out of the house.
Every night Henry took a shower. One night the shower was much too cold. Henry spoke to his building manager about the issue. The manager promised to see the issue resolved. Henry's showers were as hot as he wanted from then on.
Jennie was blowing bubbles outside on a summer day. She knocked over the open container of liquid on accident. Her mom didn't have time to go to the store to get more. So, she squeezed dish soap in the bottle and added water. It worked so good, they never paid for bubbles again.
Bob was trying to buy a house and was talking to a seller. He pointed out that the counters looked to be in bad shape. The seller said the owners actually had bought a new counter. They just hadn't had time to put it in. Bob was happy to hear this.
Unfortunately, my father lost his job last month. This was very unexpected and he was incredibly upset. But, in his spare time he started baking carrot cake cupcakes. In fact, they were delicious and everyone wanted one or even two! Now, my father plans to open a cupcake shop as a new career!
Melody was a grandma and helped to raise her daughters kids. One day Melody has a terrible headache. The pain continued for days. She went to the doctor and tests were ran. They found that she had brain cancer.
Teresa's tooth hurt pretty badly. She tried pressure. She tried ice. Finally she called the dentist. She needed a root canal!
Bart when on a bike ride. While riding he saw something unusual on the street. It was a ten-dollar bill. Bart put the ten-dollar bill into his pocket. Bart used the money to buy a new tire for his bike.
Jane's dad had been sick with cancer for over 2 years. She lived far away from him and was constantly worried. She spoke to her mom one day who said things were worse than ever. Jane drove 550 miles to see how things were for herself. She was able to see him and tell him she loved him before he passed.
Jade was getting ready to go to work. She checked her purse one last time for everything. She had her phone, wallet and some snacks for work. Walking out of the door, she locked it and began walking away. Suddenly, she turned around, remember she left her car key inside.
Susie was going to fix the lightbulb. All the sudden the bulb broke. It came crashing down. She had to clean it up. Susie was crushed.
Vivian's teeth hurt very badly. She decided to visit the dentist. The dentists told her she had a bad tooth. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth. Vivian never had tooth pain again.
Blaine was eating out at a Restaurant. He was enjoying a good steak dinner. He hears a woman start to choke the table near him. Blaine rushes over to the woman. He performs the Heimlich Maneuver and saves the ladies life.
Janet loved her new area rug. Her cats weren't as fond of it. One day she woke up to it being soaked in urine. She tried to clean it but the smell lingered. Even though she loved it she had to get rid of it.
Tom had an itchy scalp. He had white flakes every now and then. A friend recommended a special shampoo. Tom gave it a try. It worked wonders for his scalp.
Alison has to always share with her little sister. She doesn't like sharing her favorite toys with anyone. Her little sister just recently got a new toy as a birthday present. Alison wanted to play with the toy. She was surprised her little sister let her play with the toy.
Emma's car was a little old, but it ran pretty well. All it needed was a new muffler. Her friends laughed at how loud the car was. But then Emma saved up enough to fix the muffler. Now nobody could mock her quiet car!
Jesse and her family went to a thrift store. They wanted to buy a bunch of items. The budget was 100 dollars. Jesse kept putting things in her kart. When she checked out she spent only twenty dollars.
Michelle and Frank used to hang out a lot. One day Frank met a girl named Bridgette. Now Frank hangs out with Bridgette instead of Michelle. Michelle is now alone most of the time. She is very lonely.
Marge always dreamed of being a police officer. Her mom told her again and again it would never come to be. Her mom signed her up for nursing classes without asking her. Marge went to the classes, getting her own apartment mid-semester. Once away from her mom, she applied to the police academy.
Tim was out for a jog. He twisted his ankle and fell. Tim couldn't walk for days. He had to have surgery to get his ankle fixed. Tim didn't jog again for over a year.
Max hated lions. He always hated how they killed innocent zebras. One day he was on the discovery channel. He saw a lion. Max nearly punched his television.
Randy was a radio repairman and could fix just about anything. His business was slowing down because people no longer used radios. He had to think about how to keep his business going. He took up learning to repair portable phones and computers. Now instead of radios he repairs the phones and computers.
Mom grounded Jeff for a month. She told him that he's not able to watch television for a month. Jeff didn't care after the first week. However, he started to have more anxiety as time flew. His mom eventually found him watching television early.
It was a rainy Saturday. Tina decided she wanted to relax. She popped in a movie and relaxed. When the movie was over she felt better. Tina was glad she watched it.
Eli was trying to import data into a database. Every time he did Access tried to convert behind his back. Though he told it to use a text field it wanted to make it a date. Eli got really really angry at this. It was enough to get him to use LibreOffice.
I am one of the people who can't get up if they fall. I had a stroke in the fall of 2011. Last night I went to the bathroom and the cane slipped on the tile. I fell and could not get up. Luckily my wife was able to help me up.
I work as a consultant at home. We used to meet every Tuesday morning by phone. This week my client said he no longer wanted any more meetings. He said he would contact me if needed. I was unhappy to lose business.
Drew was a good kid, wanted to go in the navy. On his way home one night from work he was hit by a drunk driver. The driver although the cause was not injured but Drew was killed. The drunk driver wasn't charged with Drew's death. Drew was a week away from turning 18.
Tom was interested in buying speakers. He read reviews online. He thought carefully about his decision. Tom purchased the speakers with the best reviews. Tom was very happy with his new speakers.
Grayson wanted to bake his brother a birthday cake. He made the cake and put it in the oven. He misread the time on the recipe and left it in too long. The cake caught on fire and was totally ruined. Grayson's poor brother was very sad.
Tyler is told he will get a prize for doing good on a test. Tyler studies. Tyler takes the test. Tyler aces the test. Tyler's prize ended up being a good grade.
Sam was driving down the road. The car in front of him slammed on his brakes. Sam slammed into the back of him. There wasn't much damage but Sam's insurance went up. He learned to not tailgate as much.
Anita's son loved helicopters. She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter. Next, her new boyfriend told her he could fly a helicopter. He arranged to fly a newspaper's small helicopter. Anita's boyfriend took her son on a fifteen minute helicopter flight.
Andrea always wanted to work at a bank. She put in her application. She got a phone call asking her to come in for an interview. Andrew answer all their questions as best as she could. The next morning she was hired.
Little Carrie was walking around her mom's garden. She admired all the colors and shapes of flowers. She picked her favorite ones. She went inside to surprise her mom. Her mom was so proud to get a bouquet from her little girl.
In a parking lot, there was one green truck among many blue ones. Tod and his son walked by the parking lot. Tod's son asked why there were more blue trucks, and Tod didn't know. The green truck then started and started banging into the blue trucks. Tod called the police, and they came and arrested the driver.
Emerson was being sexually harassed at work. She complained to the human resources department. Her boss changed her hours to less favorable ones. The workplace became more uncomfortable. Emerson quit the intolerable job.
My husband and I work very hard. We both work on Mturk all day long. We post our earnings on the forum related to mturk. Every night we let people know how we did. People always agree that it helps to motivate them.
Andrea wanted a pet dog. She wanted one from India. She booked a flight to India. After being on the plane for 5 hours she realized something. She got on the wrong plane.
I have always been attracted to Hispanic men. That said, my first huge crush was on a Mexican. I was in love with him for two years. After two years, I realized I was wasting my time and idolizing him. Without any real sense of closure, I decided to pull my heart away.
I took part in my school's talent show. I had been practicing very hard for the show. I went out on stage and sang the song I had rehearsed. Partway though, I forgot the lyrics to the song! The judges did not pick me as the winner of the talent show.
Travis had a rough life. He didn't like to talk about it. He often hid himself. He stayed in the corner of rooms. Then someone approached him.
I went to the vets office with my dog Princess. The receptionist had a four month old Boston Terrier on her lap. She told me she was trying to find a home for him. Since Princess was the same breed and age,  I could not resist. I left the vets office, with a brother for Princess.
Carl woke up one morning and saw snow. When he went outside, he realized it was very cold. His jacket was in the garbage so he had to buy a new one as well. Carl rushed to the store and purchased a new jacket. Now Carl is playing in the snow and is warm.
Eric was trying to find extra ways to make money. He wanted to pay his way through college. So he did everything he could to make an extra dollar. Now Eric sits on Amazon Turk and scrambles for HITs to make money. It's hard, but Eric is making it work.
Trina was going to the beach. She packed all her things and headed to the shore. There, she laid out and tanned. Then she dipped in the water. Trina had a great time on her beach trip!
One morning Ziggy the dog woke up with a limp. His owners were worried, so they called the vet. The vet thought it was just a sprain and advised rest. Several days later, the dog's leg was no better. A trip to the vet's office revealed a herniated disc.
Jaime was on his way home from work. The highway he usually took was closed. Jaime decided to take the long way home. He got slightly lost on numerous back roads. Jaime finally arrived home two hours later.
Sean had just done his first job making music. He was really proud of himself and excited about the pay. One day, he checked his email. He saw that the client had sent him a bonus tip of one hundred dollars Sean was thrilled and thanked the man.
George asked Elaine if she wanted anything to eat from the diner. Elaine asked him to get her a big salad. George bought her the big salad. Elaine thanked him for it, but didn't pay for the salad. George got mad at Elaine because it was a big salad.
Henry's phone charger broke in the library. He tried to save his battery throughout the entire day. However, it died. The bookstore clerk offered $20 for a new charger. Although it was expensive to him, Henry bought it.
Blake enrolled in an advanced math course. On his first day he met his classmates. They all seemed to be very smart people. Blake was extremely intimidated. He dropped out of the class before his first exam.
Mommy woke up yesterday not feeling well. Daddy said to play quietly and to let mommy rest. He made chicken noodle soup and fed everyone. We had orange juice to drink. Mommy woke up the next morning all better.
Bill joined the Boy Scouts when he was 13. The next year, they went on a camping trip around San Antonio. The rancher had given permission for the troop to hunt on his ranch. Bill had a 22 rifle with shorts as ammunition. He shot wild turkeys, a few feathers flew, but the turkeys survived.
Joe took his clothes out of the wash. He normally use a machine dryer. He started thinking about clean energy and lower electricity. He decided to hang dry the clothes. Joe felt better about the environment and had a lower energy bill.
Danielle dreamed of living in California. After college she had to decide where to live. She could move back home or move to California. Danielle decided to take a leap and move to California. She loved it there.
The fourth grade egg toss was down to two groups. Bill gently tossed the egg to Sam, who caught it easily. Jill threw hers to Molly who also caught it. Both groups took two steps back. This time Sam's toss was too hard so the egg splattered on Bill.
Jim really wanted a new pair of shoes. Eager for money, he took a local paper route. For five weeks, he delivered the news to his neighbors. Each paycheck brought him closer to his goal. After more than a month, he was able to buy great new sneakers!
Jill and her family lived in a very hot place. Jill's mother bought home rock salt, milk, sugar, and cream. The whole family watched as the ice cream maker whizzed around. When it was done Jill's mother scooped out several servings. The whole family enjoyed some homemade ice cream.
Gillian knew a secret about his friend's boyfriend. It wasn't good. He was contemplating how to bring it up to her. He didn't like situations like this. Gillian disregarded his feelings for his friend's feelings.
Kia pet almost every animal at the petting zoo. But when she got to the chickens, she paused. She thought they might be nasty or mean. Gathering her courage, she bent and stroked one. To her surprise, it was soft and friendly!
The class was on a field trip. They went to the history museum. They learned about the dinosaurs and the Civil War. When they were finished, they went back to the bus. They talked about what they'd seen all day.
Karen was at a church Halloween party with her kids. At one point, someone with a big camera snapped a picture of her. The next morning, she was reading the newspaper. She saw her photo in a story about the party. She was really embarrassed but her friends all thought it was cool.
Max was visiting his sick Grandpa for the first time in years. He couldn't do much but sit in a chair and watch the news. He was even having trouble speaking words to Max. Max brought him his dinner and his grandpa wasn't responding. He waited to see Max before passing away and Max knew that.
May's kids were clamoring for ice cream, but May had none. She'd read about blending frozen bananas into ice cream. It sounded dubious, but she gave it a try out of desperation. As she served it to her kids, she got a shock. They were eating- and loving- the banana ice cream!
Ginger had always wanted to pitch. Ginger was good at pitching softball. But Ginger was scared of people watching her. Her coach talked her into pitching one game. Ginger pitched and threw a shutout.
Donald and Sharon were good friends. They wanted to start a band together. Donald wanted to play classical music. Sharon wanted to play rock and roll. They compromised by fusing the genres to great effect.
Niana made a pasta dinner for all her friends. She wanted to be sure she had enough food. So she boiled an entire box of spaghetti noodles. But then she looked at the pot with consternation. Niana had made enough noodles for over a dozen people!
Two girls were tall growing up. They became good friends. They decided to do something together. They formed a sand volleyball team. They won the Olympics!
Danielle is the local Art Teacher and she held an Art Fair. At the fair the kids were judged for their projects. She also had cotton candy and drinks for the guests. Some really good projects went on to be judged in the county fair. Danielle's program took home.
The couple was looking for something to do. They decided to go to the circus. The first act was dancing dogs. They clapped and laughed. It had been years since they'd gone to the circus but this was fun!
Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.
Ashley was anxiously awaiting the mail. She would check the mailbox every hour. Finally, it arrived. She ripped open the letter, eagerly. She had gotten into college!
The girl was decorating her play room. She added a big, sparkly disco ball. It was such a fun touch! She and her friends would dance around all day. They loved having dance parties in the playroom!
Becky always brought a bundle to school. No one knew what was in the bundle. One Tuesday she finally opened the bundle. It was full of candy and sweets! She gave everyone in the class some of her candy.
Becky had six friends in while in high school. They all had dreams of being successful. They planned to go to college. Three of her friends became pregnant before school ended. Their dreams never came true.
Stephen woke up with a jolt. His cat, Sprinkles, had just jumped on his stomach. Sprinkled meowed impatiently. Stephen grumbled in response and got out of bed. He went to the kitchen and retrieved the cat food.
Johnson woke up in the morning to take his morning shower. When he went to get his towel, he could not find it. He searched for many hours but still could not find it. When Johnson asked his mother, she said that it was on the roof. Johnson then grabbed his towel and took a bath.
There were several groceries in my cart. I checked them out at the store. The cashier put them in the bags. I walked them out to my car. I put them in the trunk.
Barry always encouraged his daughter to do what she wanted. Recently, Barry's daughter told him she wanted to be a mechanic. Barry was shocked, but he decided to support his daughter. Barry's daughter is now a successful car mechanic for Toyota. Barry is so proud of his daughter's accomplishments as a mechanic.
Nancy was at an auction one day. Their came up an old wooden dresser. Nancy just had to have this one. Nancy started to bid but was quickly outbid. Nancy decided she had to have it and outbid everyone for the dresser.
Mother bear couldn't rescue her cubs from the garbage dumpster. Jane and Sam backed their pick-up truck to the dumpster. They lowered a ladder into it. The cubs were now able to climb out. Mother and cubs reunite and walk away together.
Kelley was having a boring day. A new kids movie was playing in the theater. She decided she would go check it out. When Kelley got there she was the eldest there. It didn't matter to her because she had a great time.
Michael's mom took the tooth he lost from under his pillow. She forgot to put money under his pillow. She went to sleep. She remembered in the morning and put the money in his cereal box. Luckily, Michael found the money.
Mary and John had a baby. Mary and John wanted to give their baby everything. Mary and John's baby's name was Eric. Eric was very spoiled growing up. Now Eric is a very disrespectful man.
While many of her friends divorced, Rose had a happy marriage. In fact, her friends told Rose how much they envied her. One day, Rose found a stack of pictures in her husband's drawer. The pictures showed her husband with a bunch of different women. Rose quickly put the pictures back and decided to say nothing.
Rob wasn't supposed to have Mortal Kombat. He traded a friend at school for the game. He was playing on Saturday when his mom came into his room. She yelled in anger when she saw the game. Rob's mom sold his Sega Genesis as a punishment.
Jeremy loved to ride his bicycle. He went for a ride. The road was slippery. Jeremy fell hard on the ground. He was thankfully cushioned by the grass and suffered no injuries.
Greg was washing dishes in his kitchen sink one day. While washing a bowl, he heard a weird noise under his sink. He looked under his sink counter and water was leaking from the pipes. Greg grabbed his tools from a nearby closet. He returned to his sprung leak and fixed the problem.
Ana and Joy were at the Mall, and Ana was whining. Joy bought her a snack, told her to sit, and said she would be back. And then Joy started running. She made it to the other end of the Mall before she walked back. That was the day she almost quit being a mom.
Jane finally had enough money to travel to Japan. And she was so excited when she got there. But when she went to a sushi restaurant, her excitement vanished. People stared at how she dipped her sushi in soy sauce the wrong way. And the sushi chef was mean to her when she tried to give him a tip.
A woman came out of the cafe with a box. While walking by, I attempted to hold the door for her. She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist. I backed away warily and went on my way. She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died.
Jane was going to her job. When she came across an exit, there was a construction sign. It told drivers to proceed since the exit was closed. She ended up going to the next exit. Overall, she ended up being late to work.
Ken owned a local dojo where he taught karate. To Ken, karate was more about instilling values than fighting. Each day, impressionable youth would attend his classes. Many would grow up into talented fighters. Ken was proud of what he was accomplishing.
Carlson lived in the middle of nowhere. He very rarely saw any cars on the road by his house. On one day, he saw a convoy of monster trucks come down the road. This was strange as there was no events on that day. To this day, it still confuses Carlon when he thinks about it.
James went to the bistro to meet some friends. When he got there he ordered his usual and the friends showed up. They all had a good time but then some guys started some trouble. James and his friends asked the troublemakers to leave. They finally left and everyone was relieved at James' bravery.
Susy wanted to sell some of her goods. So she decided to set up a small shop. She opened it at the flea market. She didn't know if anyone would like it. But to her delight many people bought goods from her.
Gary had a plot of land. He decided to plant some produce on it. He picked corn for the first crop. It grew tall and healthy. He harvested it and made some delicious food.
Tom wrote his girlfriend a letter. He left it where she could easily find it. Tom's girlfriend never mentioned it. Eventually Tom asked about it. Apparently she had never found it.
Nancy was excited for nightfall. She'd bought a ton of fireworks to set off. When her friends came over, she lined them all off. She set them off and watched them explode. She loved the 4th of July!
The kids went to the mall with their mom. They had to buy back to school clothes. They bought a bunch of new things. They took them home and hung them in their closet. They were excited to wear the items on the first day of school.
It was Kate's summer break. Her best friend was away for the whole summer. But they both had cell phones. They texted each other back and forth for 4 hours. It was just like they were together despite the distance.
Gary knew that there was an eclipse that evening. He wanted to take his girlfriend on a date to see it. He planned a romantic picnic outside of the city. On their blanket, they had a great view of the sky. His girlfriend enjoyed the date and loved the eclipse.
From my perch on the log, I watched the squirrels watching me. Between us sat one fat, rugged brown nut. We were all thinking the same thing. Who would get to that nut first? But, when I lunged the squirrels vanished, taking their nut with them.
Emily was terribly congested one day. She went through bouts of runny and then stuffy nose. Emily tried a natural remedy. She put strong mint lotion on her cheeks and nose. Her sinuses cleared out within 30 minutes.
She chose to write her own vows. Their relationship had always been unusual. As such, she needed to express herself personally. He teared up at the sound of her words as she read them. She kissed him romantically at the end of the ceremony.
Monica never went near water. She was always afraid of drowning. She finally decided to go to the pool. Her friends helped her learn to swim. She's not afraid anymore.
Mary entered the dentist's office. She was nervous, because this was her first time going to the dentist. The dentist turned out to be very gentle and kind. Mary couldn't believe how anxious she had been. She set up her next dentist appointment for as early as possible.
Lucy decided to watch a scary movie She was skeptical that it would be scary enough. Yet when she turned it on she frightened. She decided to turn it off. That was enough for her.
Tom always loved cowboys and horses as a little kid. One day his parents told him they had a surprise. They took Tom to a rodeo. Tom was instantly hooked on the excitement of the ring. Now, Tom is a professional bull rider!
Amy wanted makeup, but it didn't come in her shade. She looked at many brands and was disappointed by all of them. No brand carried a color close to hers. Amy purchased one darker and one light color of foundation. Amy was pleased to discover when mixed, they created her skin color.
Billy decided to collect insects. He got a butterfly net and some jars. He spent the whole day collecting insects outside. He filled all his jars with different insects. Billy decided that he enjoyed his new hobby.
Alex didn't want to eat the bagged lunch her mom had made her. She traded it for a classmate's take out from a Mexican restaurant. Her stomach began revolting before she'd even finished the third taco. She projectile vomited over the entire cafeteria. From then on, the kids nick named her Patty Puke.
Hanna went to an animal shelter to find a new pet. She saw a white kitten and immediately fell in love. The worker told Hanna that she was planning on adopting the kitten. The worker ended up letting Hanna adopt it. Hanna showed off her new kitten to her family.
Robin is an actor. He has been acting for years. One evening while filming a movie he snaps. He walks off the set. Robin quit acting that day.
Yenny went to the top of the Space Needle. She ordered a coke and fries. She devoured them and looked out at Seattle. Then she bought a chocolate sundae. She hadn't eaten that badly in a long time.
Three dogs went to a competition. Only one could be selected. The trainers trained their dogs. The dogs trained themselves. Only one of them won.
Me and Shelby have been best friends since the 1st grade. We attended elementary, middle school and high school together. I was so mad when we were accepted to different colleges. I thought that would break up our friendship, but it didn't. We kept in touch daily and after graduate we became roommates.
Ian was trying to make a call. His battery died. Ian tried to find a power outlet to charge. No restaurants let him use their outlets. Ian wished that cities still had pay phones.
Today, I awoke to the unexpected sound of thunder. This weather concerned me because my car window is broken. I quickly ran outside to my car. But, it was too late. My leather seats were damaged.
Andy was a hard worker. He was studying biology in college. He studied hard every night. The first semester, he got all A's! Andy was proud that his hard work had paid off.
Nicole's birthday was soon. But she didn't know where to the party should be. She finally decided that it should be at her house. And she and her friends had lots of fun. But she regret cleaning after everyone left.
Neil had just learned about bioluminescence. He learned that dinoflagellates glowed when touched. He kayaked through the Maldives. There, he saw the amazing phenomenon. He was dazzled by the incredible display of beauty!
The earrings were beautiful. She removed them gently from the package. She admired the sparkle of the gem stones. They seemed to bounce sunlight. She thanked her mother profusely for the gift.
I've wanted a puppy since I was young. Yet, I still don't have a puppy. So, I decided to do something about  it. I went to the big box pet store. I just bought the cutest one!
The other day I was on a plane back home. While in the air, we started having turbulence. The plane was moving viciously. I started getting somewhat scared. Thankfully it only lasted a few minutes.
Kate bought a game for her nephew. She played with him and discovered she liked it. Usually she only played with her nephew. But today he didn't want to play with her. Kate played the game alone and had a great time.
Ky and his family went on vacation. It was Ky's first trip, and he hated the long plane ride. But when they arrived, all his woes were forgotten. They were at Disney World! Ky had a wonderful time!
Tom had an important presentation coming up. He had to give his higher ups some bad news. Tom tried to downplay it and soften the blow. Unfortunately it was not well received. Tom was blamed for a lot of the problems.
Winter was particularly cold this year. Jane bought a new thick scarf. She wore it everywhere she could. Eventually it started to smell bad. Jane reluctantly washed it after months.
Bob needed to downsize for his move. He despaired about throwing his precious books away. Bob heard the fire department was having a yard sale. He donated the books he could force himself to part with to them. His discarded books helped the department raise much needed funds.
Sarah wanted to to eat a slice of watermelon. Sarah asked her mom if she could have a slice of watermelon. Sarah's mom cut her a slice of watermelon and served it to Sarah. Sarah ate the entire piece of water melon except for the rind. Sarah was full and happy after eating the watermelon.
Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now. She was at the fertility clinic with her husband. The doctor had them both perform a number of exams. The doctor then asked Jane's husband to stop wearing tight trousers. Jane looked relieved while her husband looked sheepish.
Jimmy farted in class. Everyone started to notice the smell. Many decided to run out of the classroom since the smell was bad. The professor tried to get everyone back. Eventually, the smell went away.
Kelly loved Halloween. But she was finally too old to go trick or treating. So she thought of a better way to celebrate the holiday. She dressed up in her usual flamboyant costume. Then she passed out candy to trick-or-treaters!
Jeff has been dating his girl for 3 years. He decided it was time they get married. He asks his girl to get married. She says yes. They get married.
The was once a little girl who had a pet dog. She loved the dog very much and it loved her. One day, the dog saw a rabbit and ran off chasing it. The girl could not find her dog so she started hanging up flyers. Her neighbor found her dog and returned it to her.
I took my daughter to the emergency room because of stomach pain. They gave her some medications. They came back later and said they gave her the wrong medication. They gave her blood pressure medication. Eventually, after they observed her for a while she was alright.
Jordan is taking three classes. Each class wanted her to write a paper. She was very overwhelmed. Fortunately, she was able to finish them all on time. She got an A on each one.
Hannah had decided to adopt a puppy. She visited the shelter on Thursday and selected a tiny poodle. He was very nervous and wouldn't stop shaking. She brought him home and decided to call him Little Rascal. As it turns out, he was quite a mischievous puppy after all.
When Chuck bought the house they said it had a new roof. A few months in he noticed a slow leak in his bedroom. He had roofers come over to look at it. Apparently the previous roof was installed wrong. He had to have the whole thing ripped off and put a new roof on.
Danny needed a haircut. He couldn't afford to pay anyone. Instead, he tried to cut it himself. Unfortunately, he made a mistake. He ended up cutting a big chunk of hair off.
I was constipated. My doctor recommended I take magnesium citrate. I agreed with him. Alas, I took triple the recommended amount. I developed diarrhea.
Billy stood in the middle of the field nervously. It was his first real baseball game. He was unsure if the ball was actually coming to him. Billy closed his eyes and held out his glove. The ball landed right in his glove and the game was won.
Tom had no money. Tom worked very hard and saved his money one penny and a time. Tom started investing his money. He made a lot of money through his investments. Tom retired a rich man.
The pitcher got the sign from his catcher. He looked over to the runner on first. They locked eyes. The pitcher threw the ball towards home plate. The runner was off like a shot stealing second base.
Amy was in Home Economics class. She was sitting with her friends Sara and Erin. Erin and Sara began to whisper and giggle. Amy felt they must have been talking about her. She was offended when they wouldn't share the joke with her.
Tom likes hiking. He wanted to get his friend Bob into hiking. They planned a trip to go to a nearby hiking area. While they were hiking Bob twisted his ankle. Luckily Tom always brings ankle braces.
Nick's school was having a talent contest. He decided to enter the contest and play his guitar. He'd never performed on stage before and was very nervous. Nick's nerves caused him to play poorly. He lost the contest and decided to never do it again.
Mary was playing an intense game of basketball with her friends. Her boyfriend was watching, so she wanted to do her best. As a ball caromed off the backboard, she jumped high into the air. She snagged the rebound, but landed awkwardly and felt pain. Mary had broken her ankle, and she cried out in pain.
Neil quickly purchased a cheap deal on a used pair of shoes. He was interested after taking a quick look at the pictures. When the delivery man handed the box to him, he got excited. He broke it apart and looked at the shoe. However, the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes.
Ken was a computer enthusiast who really wanted a new keyboard. One morning, Ken went to a computer store to try out a few options. After a lot of testing, he decided on a mechanical keyboard. He purchased it and went home as fast as he could to try it out. When he got home he set it up, then sat down to break it in.
I was able to grow a really large beard. My friend, however, could barely grow one for himself. He told me that my beard motivated him to try. Over the course of a few weeks, he did not shave. Unfortunately, the best he got was a small, weird mustache.
My wife treated my sister in law and myself to dinner at IHOP. The food was very tasty. My sister in law and wife had fried chicken and I had pot roast. The service was slow, and the waiter was hard to find. My sister in law is going to complain on yelp.
It was Sue's time to renew her cell phone contract. She was excited about getting the latest phone. Sue went into the store and found the phone she wanted. With a new contract the phone was only one dollar. Sue happily paid the one dollar and got a new phone case too.
Jeff had just gotten a new haircut. He didn't like the way his hair came out. Jeff decided to wear a hat. After a while, his hair grew back in. Jeff was able to get rid of the hat.
Ben and his band practiced hard for a show. They drove to the venue and set up their equipment. When the show began, they began to play some songs. After playing for a minute, their PA system stopped working. The band had to quit playing and go back home.
Neil had seen Denmark, so he thought Sweden would be similar. But when he took a train there, he saw he had been wrong. Sweden was so different. The language, people, even the food - all strange! Neil was so glad he had made the time to see Sweden.
Darren made a commitment to eat healthier. He tried spinach and salads and hated it. Darren then tried wheatgrass drinks. A friend suggested Darren try kale. Derek has lost 5 pounds and loves kale now.
I always wanted to play the piano but I could not afford lessons. I liked going to the piano store and would try out all the pianos. The owner came over and asked if I took lessons, I shook my head no. He sat down and showed me how to play a short song. As I was leaving, he told me he would see me same time tomorrow.
Maddie was mad that she had a test today. Although she studied, she was still very nervous. As soon as she walked into the room however, she was shocked. There was a substitute teacher. Maddie was then free from a test.
Jane liked to eat spaghetti. She liked to make it even more. She decided to cook her sauce. It was flavored perfectly. Her family was very impressed.
Amy's family went to Panama Beach for a Vacation. While there she wanted to try a famous pizzeria. She ordered a large pepperoni pizza. Unfortunately, she developed food poisoning from the pepperoni pizza. Amy vowed to not eat pizza again for a long time.
When Billy gets up in the morning he always has a cup of coffee. If he doesn't get his coffee he gets very grumpy. This morning, Billy didn't have any time to drink coffee. He was grumpy all day until he was able to have some at lunch time. The rest of the day he felt energized and happy.
Amanda did not know what major to choose before attending college. She decided to take a variety of courses to see what interested her. She tried to narrow down her options. By sophomore year, she was between two choices. Ultimately, she decided to major in psychology.
Ben was excited to use his grill. He called all his friends over for dinner. He could not start the gas grill because the igniter was dead. He removed the cooking surface and lit a match. Flames shot out all around him as he forgot to turn the gas down.
Tim was playing in the grass. He fell and hurt his knee. He started to cry. The doctor said it would heal in two weeks. Tim decided to never play in the grass again.
Wade is at a football game. He is having a great time. Wade has a few beers and hot dogs. Wade is ready to leave from the game. Wade can't find his keys.
Hank was at the rodeo Saturday. He saw the most amazing bull rider. This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds. Even though this bull had thrown off everyone, Bill was the best. Hank had a hero, and wanted to grow up and be like Bill.
Lily was riding her bike. She noticed some kids crowded by the road. She approached them to check it out. The kids had found a wild snake. Lily was afraid of it, and decided to go away.
Tom was over at his girlfriend's house. Her parent's had a lot of antiques. Tom accidentally dropped a lamp. It was worth thousands of dollars. Tom spent a long time paying them back for it.
Fred played on the soccer team. They had an important game tonight. They really had to make it good. But unfortunately Fred let the team score the goal. He felt so defeated.
Drake worked very hard as an actor. He had major success right away. They even gave him his own tv show. Drake was a huge star. He went to to become one of the most famous people ever.
Abby did not like egg salad at all. However, a fellow co-worker brought some for the companies potluck. Abby's coworker insisted that she try her egg salad. Although Abby was hesitant, she tried the egg salad. Abby was pleasantly surprised at how much she loved the egg salad.
Tim always had crooked teeth. His parents couldn't afford braces when he was a kid. Tim saved up money for some as an adult. It took him a while but he was finally able to get them. Tim was finally able to fully smile afterward.
Bruce was a police officer who handled traffic accidents. He usually saw really bad accidents and it always unnerved him. One day Bruce was called to an accident scene. He immediately recognized his friend Tanya's car. He was scared until he found out she was ok.
Kim has many dolls. She lets her friends play with them. One day one of the dolls got ruined by her friend. Kim was not upset at her friend though. Kim is a good person.
Pete was running down the pitch. Pete was yelling for the ball. Thomas was trying to dribble the ball to goal. Unfortunately, Thomas lost the ball at the last minute. Their team lost the game and was sad.
Barry and his wife had been going through some issues. He had tried to be more thoughtful of her lately. Barry came home one night and found his wife with another woman. Instead of being angry he asked his wife for an open marriage. His wife agreed and they were both much happier afterward.
Harley was walking up his apartment stairs. He walked inside and noticed a man's pair of shoes. That's when he heard noises in the bedroom. He caught his wife sleeping with someone else. He didn't know what to do so he just threw both of them out.
Kelly was finally done with her music video. She was thrilled it was done. To celebrate she had a party. Unfortunately at the party the audio didn't work. Regardless people still had a good time.
Michael had been writing for years. He had dreams of one day making it big. He sent out his work to every publisher he could find. One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories. He finally got his shot.
Jessica is a talented dancer. She has moved a new apartment that has space for her to practice. Unfortunately, she is on the second floor of the building. She receives many complaints because she dances too loudly at night. Jessica has to look for another place now that is on the bottom floor.
Last week I visited my friend at his new apartment. The elevator was broken. He lived in the 14th floor. I decided to walk up the stairs. By the time I got there I almost fainted and they had to help me in.
We went to the local zoo. There was a sign on the one location saying tiger sprays. Next thing I know, the tiger lifts his leg. Everyone went running for cover. And I got covered with his spray.
Tom was running late for work. He put on his work boots and ran out the door. Later, he noticed one of his feet hurt when he walked. When he got home, he took his shoes off. He found a lego inside his shoe!
Henry came to school nervous. After class, he asked the teacher if they can talk personally. He explained to the teacher about his health condition. For the past few weeks, Henry didn't show up to class. The teacher told me that he was diagnosed with cancer.
Terrance is playing in a football game. He is going to make a touchdown. As he is running he is hit from behind. He falls to the ground and cant get up. Terrance is now paralyzed from the waist down.
Kate wanted to play with Jane. She called Jane to ask her if she could. Jane thought it was a good idea. They met at the park. The girls had a lot of fun playing together.
Calvin was having a party at his house. He was celebrating his daughter's graduation. Lots of people came to the party. Calvin realized he wasn't going to have enough food. He ordered a few pizzas for his guests.
Tom loved decorating for Halloween. He would give out a lot of candy for trick or treaters. This year he dressed up as part of the decorations. When kids got close he would jump out at them. Tom scared dozens of kids.
The two friends hated their job. It was slowly driving a wedge between them and they knew it. Charles knew he must make a change. He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss. He knew he must request a transfer.
Jimmy had a biology test. He had studied very hard but found biology challenging. He took the test and he thought he had failed. He waited two weeks for his grade. He found out he got an A on his test.
Sophia loved to mountain bike. She went so often that eventually she became careless. Sophia would bike through the woods, flying over hills. One day she went too fast and ended up falling over a cliff! Sophia was able to recover, but had to learn her lesson the hard way.
Halloween was Amber's favorite holiday. She just turned thirteen this year. She was disappointed to find out she couldn't trick or treat this year She could still hand out candy to other kids though. She was still happy she could enjoy the holiday.
I wanted to learn how to play the piano. I called my friend Sam, who is in the school band. Sam advised to call Bo, because Sam plays the trumpet. Bo didn't have room for new students, so referred me to Lisa. I had my first piano lesson with Lisa yesterday.
Got drunk on the way to the swamp boat ride. Husband refused to sit by me. I began to make a scene. Then the boat operator came aboard. I became happy when I fed the alligators marshmallows.
Gina bought cookie dough with her own money. But her siblings all wanted a cookie. Gina did not want to share her cookies. But her mother offered to reimburse her if she did. Gina gave them each one cookie, and ate the rest herself.
Eric was grounded by his father after he got bad grades. He called me up and asked to come over, but I couldn't. After a few more days I ended up coming over, and Eric wasn't there! Eric left the house and I accidentally called attention to it! Eric ended up getting in even more trouble because of that.
John realized it was raining. John was soaked since he did not have an umbrella. John heard frequent lightning strikes. John had to find a place where he can wait it out. John was almost struck by lightning on his way to a cafe.
Nathan was driving with Kane. She had several stomach aches. Eventually she said that she was about to deliver the baby. Nathan accelerated on the road. He came to the hospital and Kane was taken in by a stretcher.
The water looked inviting so Jake jumped in. Lisa was walking by the lake with her newborn infant. Jake saw Lisa and beckoned her to join him. Lisa propped the baby up on some rocks and jumped in. Lisa couldn't swim, so Jake had a baby to raise.
Jeff went out to shovel his walkway. He was awed by just how much snow had fallen. He cursed in frustration as the snow shovel handle broke off! With some ingenuity and a drill, Jeff bolted it back on. As he went to grab it, he stabbed the palm of his hand on the bolt.
Beth and Dan were a popular couple at their high school. In public the put on a show of affection to prove the loved each other. But tonight they realized it was all a show. Beth told Dan she wanted to see other people. She was relieved when Dan said he felt the same.
Kev had a blister on his heel. He tried to ignore it. But it bothered him so he popped it. Soon it grew red and sore. Kev's blister had gotten infected!
I was so sick and tired of the fighting. I decided to just stop speaking. It didn't work for very long. We ended up in an even bigger argument. I gave up on trying to repair the relationship.
Ollie's favorite ride at the fair were the bumper cars. Being allowed to ram into another car was so much fun. You didn't even get in trouble. He and his friend Joe waited in a long line. But when they finally go on, the wait was worth it!
Randy got fired from his job. He was afraid to tell his wife. He drove around for five days pretending to be at work. His wife went to his work to surprise him for lunch. She found out he was fired and was furious that he didn't tell her.
Nick's neighbors played music as loud as they could. Nick did not like confrontation, but something had to be done. He quickly assembled his speakers to face his neighbor's house. Nick began to play much louder music. The situation was not resolved, but Nick felt better.
Jean hasn't seen her best friend in two Year's. One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch. Her friend said yes. They went to a local salad bar. The two friends reconnected and had a great time.
Richard was struggling with his Statistics exam. He had never been great with numbers. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't remember the facts. One day, his friend Russell offered to tutor him. Russell's help meant Richard passed with an A grade.
Sheila saw a television show about skateboarding. She decided that she wanted to give it a try. Later that day, Sheila and her friend bought skateboards at the store. She practiced every day after school. Today, Sheila is an impressive skater and can do many tricks.
Loki is a cat who loves tuna and lettuce. His owner decided to make make a salad with tuna. When he brought out the lettuce, Loki was intrigued. When he opened the can of tuna, Loki lost his mind. He had to lock Loki in the bathroom so that he could eat in peace.
The girls planted tulip bulbs in the fall. When spring came, the bulbs sprouted. Soon, the yard was full of bright blooms. They decided to plant even more the next year. They were going to have the most beautiful yard in town!
Jimmy was visiting his grandma this weekend. He was excited because it had been awhile since he last saw her. When he arrived he smelled fresh cookies. His grandmother baked him a fresh batch of chocolate chip cookies. Jimmy ate the entire batch afterwards.
When Jeff was a little kitten he got outside. He met up with the big neighbor cat. They ran up and down the street dodging cars. Jeffy finally want back home. He went inside when his owner opened the door to look for him.
Kevin was a great barber. He decided to get a new blade. He would shave the back of men's heads. One day his blade broke. He accidentally cut the owner of the shop and got fired!
Every day, the school children would play in the park. Ruth lived opposite this park. For years, she couldn't stand the noise they made after school. After her husband passed away, she learned to love the noise. She realised that she disliked the noise only because her husband did.
A man was running late. He wanted to catch a train. He was running fast. The train doors are almost closed. He just barely made it into the train!
Jeff's car had a very important suitcase inside it. Jeff left his car in a dangerous area. His car, and the suitcase, got stolen. Jeff was sad because of how much money was in the suitcase. Jeff went to the police, but they couldn't help him.
Ethan had cucumbers growing in his garden. He decided to make pickles with them. He chopped them and soaked them in vinegar. He added a few herbs, too. The pickles were delicious!
Mary woke up to do nothing today. She did not need to work. She did not need to go shopping. She had no household chores to do. She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing.
The family couldn't agree on a vacation spot. Some of them wanted to go to a beach. Others wanted to go hiking. They agreed to go to Costa Rica. They had an excellent trip!
Sam had recently gotten a new kitten. She let the kitten sleep in her bed. When she woke up she was covered in bites! Her kitten has fleas. The fleas had bite her entire body throughout the night.
Julie loved jewelry. She dreamed of making a career from it. But, she married, had 5 children, and was too busy. One day, she began selling jewelry at the fairs. Eventually, she was able to open up her own shop!
Jean found a baby bird injured. The bird had fallen from a tree in the backyard. She took the bird inside to be treated by her mother. The bird had to stay with her family for three days. Eventually the bird was well enough to be let go outside.
Sue went for a run. She did not think to check the weather before she left. As she hit the two mile mark, she heard thunder. She started to hurry, but it started to pour. Sue was soaked by the time she made it home.
Paul forgot to pick up the dog poop while walking his dog. The park where he walked his dog had a strict rule about dog poop. Paul was followed by an Officer who saw Paul did not pick up the poop. The Officer gave Paul a citation for not picking up the dog poop. Paul decided it was good to pick up after his dog in the park.
Rhea's daughter had married her beau. Rhea had never met the man. She was apprehensive about their first meeting. But when they met, Rhea was relieved. Her new son-in-law was a wonderful, charming man!
Sarah was making dinner. She liked her food cooked well. It created a lot of smoke. Sarah's smoke alarm went off. She had to take the battery out.
In the jazz club, the trumpet player walked on stage. He sat in his seat and took out his horn. With his sleeve, he gave it a quick polish. The man started up a familiar song. The whole club went silent and listened to the man play.
Dick readied his plane for take off. He was a master pilot and everyone knew it. They didn't know that he was also a drunk. He passed out on take-off. The plane crashed into the trees at the end of the runway.
I bought a can of ravioli. I took it from its bag. I emptied the can into a dish. I microwaved the dish. Ravioli sauce got all over the microwave.
Judy was going for a drive. She put her coffee in a travel mug. Judy took a corner too fast. The lid popped off and the coffee spilled on her. Judy was so mad!
I went to museum with my class today. My favorite exhibit was all the dinosaur skeletons. There were lots of other animals on display too. I wish I could have been around when they were alive. I had a really good time at the museum today.
Sammy had been fighting with her mom. They hadn't spoke in months. Sammy was really missing her one day and sent her text. Soon after, her mom responded with a very cold, mean response. Sammy was heartbroken, and didn't try contacting her again.
Jerry went to the casino with friends. He had never really gambled before. Jerry had really good luck at first. He actually won a decent amount of money. He decided to quit while ahead and keep his earnings.
Kate was very angry with her friend. She had spread rumors about Kate. Kate confronted her and yelled at her. They screamed at each other in the school hallway. A teacher broke it fight up.
I wanted to prepare some spaghetti for dinner. I checked my refrigerator for what I needed. I decided to substitute zucchini for the pasta. I made the dish hoping it would taste fine. I am glad I decided to use zucchini because it tastes good.
Tim took up boxing for cardio and self defense. He loved most aspects of it. The only thing he didn't like was sparring. He was afraid of getting hit. After doing it enough times he learned to get over i.t.
John was playing ball. He could throw it far. He could throw fast. The ball flew right through the school window. John was in big trouble.
Cullen and Jay had a bet on a football game. They watched together as Jay's team took the lead. For the entire game, Jay's team dominated. Cullen was expecting to lose. Suddenly Cullen's team turned it around at the end and he won the bet.
I asked my friend Rachel to help me write some short stories. After a little convincing Rachel helped me write a few short stories. Once we were done, Rachel decided she wanted to go eat candy in bed. I decided to continue writing short stories. I will always write short stories.
My girlfriend wanted to go roller skating for her birthday. I had never gone before but figured it might be fun. When we got there everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I fell as soon as tried to get on the rink. I was never able to actually skate and had to give up eventually.
Kim was out at a club. She was dancing pretty hard. One of her heels broke off. Kim fell hard. She limped out of the club and went home.
Marshall had been engaged for years with a girl named Lily. Lily left him after she received an art scholarship. Marshall was devastated for months. His friend, Ted, helped motivate him to go on a date. Marshall reluctantly did so and had a pretty great time.
Peter wanted to have a snack. Peter realized he was all out of candy and chips. Peter knew what he had to do. So Peter went to the store to buy some more snacks. Peter returned home to finally enjoy his snacks.
Sally had a pinwheel playing outside. She would blow on it and it would spin. She could run around and make it spin also. But while she was running it flew out of her hands. Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground.
Arthur sat down to read a book and relax. He heard a knock on the door. Arthur put down his book and answered. It was Jehovah's Witnesses. Arthur explained it was 10 pm, and closed the door.
Wayne thought he was the best musician in all of Philadelphia. He entered a local songwriting contest to show off his skills. He practiced for hours every day with his friend Sneaky Sal. Wayne taught Sal all of the songs that he had written. Sneaky Sal stole all of Wayne's songs and won the contest!
Dan and his high school basketball team were Champions. They worked hard all year and were very emotional. The whole team stood on the court hugging and crying. The crowd was touched by their emotions. Everywhere in the crowd people clapped and wiped their tears.
Sam is tired of having all of his laundry wrinkled and messy. After his laundry finishes drying, he decides to fold it. He folds each piece of clothing with care. Finally he has folded all of his laundry. Sam decides he will always fold his laundry from now on.
My friends and I went to a music festival. We got to see eighty different bands. The atmosphere was like a carnival. We danced until daybreak each day. By the end of the weekend, we were exhausted and happy.
Jo  o was frustrated at his country's government. He participated in an anti-government protest. The police arrived and sprayed everyone down with tear gas. Jo  o arrived home with a red face and eyes. His mother cried and made him promise to never protest again.
I was installing my new router. Alas, my ethernet cable was too old. The new router couldn't support the old ethernet cable. Thus, I had to buy a new ethernet cable. Finally, the new cable worked perfectly with the new router!
I took my wedding ring off to clean it. I accidentally dropped it on the ground. It rolled away into a corner. I searched and found the ring. I put it back on my finger.
Mary was on safari in Africa. The group stopped for lunch. A snake crawled up beside her. She was so scared. She dropped her sandwich!
Mike needed clothes for his history presentation. He went into the store looking for a purple shirt. Mike only saw one purple shirt that he really wanted. He tried the shirt on in the dressing room. The shirt was three sizes too small.
I've been an avid rock hound my entire life. It was thrilling to go rock hunting at a crystal mine. With my pick and brush, I started exploring the stone. A dusty bit of purple appeared and my heart raced. Beneath my fingers emerged a crystal of amethyst!
Dave won all expense paid trip to Bali. He could only invite on other guest on the trip. Dave picked his buddy Max. They went sky diving. They had a great time in Bali together.
Rory loved his pet dog, but his brother was allergic. Their mom sent the dog to live with his aunt. Rory would stay with her on weekends so he could visit the dog. When he was old enough, Rory got his own apartment. He and the dog had a couple great years together before it died.
Sarah's kitchen towels were old and filthy. So she threw her old towels away. She went to the store to get new ones. She found some very nice ones and bought them. She was happy to have her new kitchen towels.
Bill and Monica took a trip to France. Monica suggested they go see the Eiffel Tower. Bill preferred to visit some art museums. They flipped a coin to determine what they would do. They ended up going to museums.
Jeff had a dog for a long time. Jeff was good to it everyday. One day while Jeff went out to feed his dog. He seen his dog laying on the ground. He went over to check to see and his dog was dead.
I attended a phone conference this morning. There were participants from Maine (contractor) and Boston (client). I mostly listened in at the yelling. The client was angry at the contractor for late delivery. There was talk of cancellation, but it was avoided.
One day Callie went to San Francisco. First she drove across the Golden Gate Bridge. Then she went to Fisherman's Wharf. Finally she went to Alcatraz Island. She had a great time.
One time I wanted to save money. I went to a buffet restaurant without paying. There were plenty of people there. I got a free meal. But I did leave a tip.
Bill and Pete wanted to form a gang. They wore matching colors and called themselves the Tigers. The two Tigers went around the neighborhood doing gang stuff. Pete smashed car windows and stole from them. Pete acted as a lookout during all this gang stuff.
Trixie had a debilitating fear of heights, but had to fly often. She therefore always made sure to get the aisle seat. But when she stepped aboard this time, she was ushered to a window. She realized with horror she hadn't double checked her seat number. She was rigid with fear, and cursing her carelessness, the whole way.
John was taking a test. He forgot to put his name on the test paper. John's teacher figured out which paper was his. John's teacher dropped his grade by a letter. He learned to always sign his paper.
Carlos pulled up to his cousin's house and parked at the curb. He got out his car and walked to the front door. A police officer pulled up and told Carlos he was illegally parked. Carlos tried to go inside the house and the cop put a gun to his head. Prosecutors say Carlos wasn't illegally parked.
Tessa and her girlfriends went on a camping trip. By nightfall they were very tired. The decided to call it a night. Because she heard strange noises Tessa stayed awake. Because of her vigilance the food at the camp was saved from a bear.
Cal hadn't showered in days, and it felt glorious to finally have one. He slowly dried off and threw the towel over his shoulder. Cal strode into the living room without a care in the world. Deb was waiting at the door and watched as he stretched. Their eyes met and both of them felt very awkward, indeed.
Barbara's daughter had been throwing up all night. Barbara stayed up all night watching her. Eventually her daughter felt better in the morning. Barbara called in the school to tell them her daughter was sick. Barbara took the day off from work to take care of her daughter.
Bob waited anxiously to hear back from the agent. The sellers hadn't accepted his offer yet. They only had an hour left to go. All Bob's worrying was for nothing. The sellers accepted his offer in time and they went to closing.
I went outside and saw that my gutters were clogged. I went to my shed and grabbed a ladder. I climbed up the ladder to see the clog. The gutter was filled with leaves and mud. I scooped it all out and the gutters were clear.
Toya was superstitious - as was her whole family. So one day when she was having bad luck, she spotted something great. A shiny heads-up penny lay there in the street! Toya bent and snatched it up quickly. She pocketed it and smiling, knowing today's bad luck was changing!
An old boyfriend contacted me on social media. He had found out my husband and I were separated. He had just gotten a divorce and wanted to meet me. I decided to take revenge for the past. I agreed to meet him and didn't show up.
Joey had dreams of being a singer. He practiced every day, despite his neighbours complaints. He once went along to a meet and greet with a music producer. Joey took along a demo CD like many other people there. To his amazement, the producer loved Joey and wanted to take him on.
Dan is a boss at his business. Dan doesn't feel like working today. Dan does not post work for his workers. His workers are left without work. Dan has let down all of his workers.
Derek wanted to be a great tennis player. He began to practice every single day. Dan watched videos of historic matches and great players. Dan joined his local tennis club. After a year of playing, Dan was the best player in the club.
A pigeon flew into my car. I stopped and picked it up. It had a broken wing. I took it to the vet. THe vet fixed it up and set it free.
It was my friend's birthday, and I wanted to do something special. After hours of deliberation, I decided to bake a cake. I spent some time researching recipes and looking at pictures. After gathering the ingredients, I mixed them and put it in the oven. Unfortunately, I forgot the cake and it burned.
One day Bob decided to bake some bacon. He adjusted the oven rack to the middle position and preheated. He arranged the bacon slices on a rimmed baking sheet. They baked for a while. When they were done Bob ate his bacon.
Juliana's car broke down on her way to work. She couldn't afford to take it to a garage. Her brother said he'd take a look at it. Juliana's brother quickly solved the problem. Juliana's car is as good as new.
Bob was at his son's baseball game. His son was up to bat. Bob cheered for his son. His son hit a homerun over the fence! Bob chased after his son's home run ball afterwards.
Lucy was lost and crying on the curb when a lady helped her. The kind lady drove Lucy to a police station. As they arrived Lucy was afraid to leave go inside. The lady held her hand and walked her into the station. Lucy waved goodbye to the lady and approached an officer.
Shelby found a stray cat that was tame and friendly outside of work. She took it because it had no collar and there were no homes nearby. At home, she gave it food and water and played with it. She then took it to the vet, but it had no microchip. After two weeks, Shelby found the cat a loving home with her friend.
Melinda was walking towards the grocery store. On her way, she encountered a four-leaf clover. She remembers that four-leaf clovers are supposed to be lucky. She decides to buy a lottery ticket to test if it's true. Unfortunately, she doesn't win the prize.
Sara and Joseph were planning their wedding. They were on a tight budget. They couldn't afford a three tiered cake. Sara ordered a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes. The cupcakes were a big hit amongst the guest.
Beth took great care of her appearance. She wanted to get her nails done. She visited a nail shop. They gave her a great manicure. Beth was happy with her new nails.
Ed's friend Joe set him up on a blind date with a woman named Sue. He hadn't been on a date in nearly a year, so he agreed. When he got to the restaurant, he stood where they were to meet. A few minutes later, his cousin Susie walked up. They laughed as the realized they had been set up on a date!
Luke had lost his house key. He was locked out! he knocked, but nobody else was home. Then he remembered where his mom hid the spare key. It was under the rock on the porch!
Tony really wanted to be strong and healthy. Tony went to the local gym and bought a membership. Every day, even when he did not want to, he went to the gym. Tony worked hard for an hour each day lifting weights. After six months Tony was big, strong and proud of his accomplishment
Rita really wanted this beautiful dress in the store. When she saw it it looked beautiful. She looked at the price tag. It was a thousand dollars. Rita could not afford that and she walked out.
Jazz wanted a shirt for the game. He did not have enough in his account. He asked his mom for an advance on his allowance. She said no. Jazz had to save until he had enough.
Anna wanted to be a chef. Her parents wanted to encourage her passion. They sent her to culinary school at age eleven. There, Anna learned all kinds of cooking techniques. She came home with more skills than a professional chef!
The soup kitchen on 4th street was busy. The workers used their big ladles and gave hundreds of bowls of soup. One man yelled that his soup was cold. The worker in red hit him on the head with her ladle. He never complained again about his soup being cold.
Sara had never made a pie before. But she had a bushel of apples, so she decided to try. She put the sliced apples in a premade crust and baked her pie. She tasted it when it was ready. To her delight, her pie was delicious!
In 2005 my wife wanted to go to a doll show. It was in Whitman, 20 miles away from Boston. I drove her there and waited in the eating area. A stranger said I was a good husband. My wife was pleased to go to the store.
Marvin was afraid to fly. He consulted a psychiatrist for tips to overcome his fear. At the airport he followed the psychiatrist's advice. He felt calmer. He actually enjoyed his flight.
One day a couple of dogs started chasing Copper. Copper ran under my mother's car to hide. The dogs surrounded the car, sniffing. Suddenly they began to yelp and ran. Copper had scratched up both their noses.
Mari was about to move. She was packing up and needed to check a little used closet. She opened it and saw some horrible trash inside. She remembered that she had stuck a bag in there, long ago. It was so bad that she decided to just leave it.
My son and I brought the dog for a walk. My son asked if he could hold the leash. As soon as my son took the leash, the dog began running away. I grabbed my son to keep him from falling. Now I am the only person to hold the leash.
The car pulled up to the audience. Twenty five clowns climbed out of the small standard sedan. Jack went to investigate how the clowns fit in the car. He moved the car forward six feet. There was a hole in the ground under the car.
Kendra wanted to spend more time outside in the fall. She was trying to figure out activities to do. She read in the newspaper that it would be windy. She purchased a very fancy kite. She enjoyed it so much she now flies her kite all the time.
Lena was hanging out with some friends by the mall. One of the boys had a skateboard. Lena asked if she could try to ride it. She started going down a big hill. She fell hard and broke her arm.
John was seventeen and needed a job to buy his girlfriend clothes. He found work at a pizzeria, where he enjoyed joking and making pies. His girlfriend was mad at his low wage and she dumped him! But John discussed his troubles with his coworker Beth, who liked him. Soon enough, John and Beth went out for a date, where they had pizza!
One day Jessica invited her neighbors over. They played in the Slip N Slide outside. Then they ate some of Jessica's mom's homemade pie. Jessica's friend Gavin stuck her head in it. Jessica wiped pie in Gavin's face playfully.
Sasha is a 3 year old Staffordshire Terrier. Kristian is her 10 year old human. They love to go on long walks. Sasha loves it most when Kristian throws her ball for hours. Sasha and Kristian are wonderful together.
I was on my laptop computer. I was writing a report for work. I was typing it up very quickly. My hands began to hurt. I took a break from the report.
Jessica was a very big fan of country music. She had really hoped to attend a concert in her hometown. Jessica didn't have enough money to buy tickets. Her local radio station was holding a contest for free tickets. Jessica called the station and won two free tickets!
Danielle loved dancing. She liked going to clubs to dance. One night Danielle met Brandon at the club. They danced together all night long. Then Daniel asked him to date her.
As a teenager, I needed to get braces. I wasn't looking forward to it. At the orthodontist, I learned that I had to get six teeth pulled. I got the procedure, and I was in so much pain. I didn't want anything to do with braces or teeth after that.
Sam had just recently upgraded his computer. He wanted to play Fallout 4 when it came out. He downloaded the game on release date. When he launched the game he got an error message! Sam was sad and cried because his graphics card was unsupported.
Casey was about to turn sixteen. He was pretty sure that his parents were giving him a car. He was expecting them to give him the old family car. On his birthday, he saw that it was a brand new, nice car. He was so surprised and excited.
Anna made cookies for her school's bake sale. But when she checked the sale tables she did not see her cookies! She asked her teacher why they weren't selling her homemade goodies. But the teacher, smiling, told Anna that her cookies were all sold! Anna grinned with pride!
The town meeting hall has a dance party every other Wednesday. Jenny and James like dancing with each other in the party. They already danced together for two months. Last Wednesday James didn't go the party. Jenny didn't want to go either but didn't want James to miss her.
Ann was competing in the Math League contest. She did very well and won first prize! She was hoping to be awarded a large trophy. But instead, they handed her a simple certificate. Ann was disappointed with her prize.
Jane had never been in love before. She got her first boyfriend. It was in high school. She thought she loved him but they broke up. It took her a long time to get over it.
We went to the feed store the other day. In the feed store, they had a bunch of baby chickens. I wanted to buy one, but had no money. I had to leave without a chicken. I still think of those chickens sometimes with regret.
Frank and Louis were playing chess. Suddenly, Frank's cat jumped on the table. It knocked over all the chess pieces and they went everywhere. Frank and Louis looked for the pieces but couldn't find them all. They never played chess again because they didn't have all the pieces.
It was raining really hard in Louisiana. I chose to read on the window seat in my bedroom. Next moment I saw coffins floating up in the water. They were all different kinds and colors. Just another day in the south!
I decided to go to the park. On the drive there, my gas tank was almost empty. I stopped at a gas station and decided to buy gas. After reaching the park, I noticed that it was closed. I eventually found out that a shooting took place 10 minutes ago.
When Fred walked into the classroom he was shocked. Apparently a pop quiz was just assigned. Fred froze. He was unprepared. So he ended up falling.
Will loved candy. He went to a famous candy store when he was in New York. He bought all the sweet treats he loved. He took them back to his hotel and ate them all. Will had a great trip!
Tina's cat narrowly escaped a car accident. Tina's mom told her that cats have nine lives. Later, Tina's mom heard a howl from the cat. She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet. Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left.
Olivia thought she would be more relaxed if her room was clean. So she spent the whole day cleaning and organizing. Initially, she thought it looked nice. But she continued to stress about her room's organization. Olivia continued to clean and make herself more stressed.
Eric knew the importance of practice. He spent a lot of time rehearsing his lines. The day of the big play arrived. He stepped out into the spotlight. He was confident about his lines and did a great job.
Amanda was a mother of four who enjoyed her cigarettes. The children all pleaded with her to quit this nasty habit. Although she did not believe she could do it she did try. She went to the store and purchased nicotine patches and gum. With these two aids Amanda was able to break the habit.
Brenda was a lunch lady at school. Everyday she served her kids with a smile. One day Brenda doesn't show up to school. All the kids in school wonder where she is. The principal tells everyone Brenda had passed away.
Cole was excited about his first day of kindergarten. But he was nervous that nobody would like him. He feared he wouldn't make any friends at all. Then Cole realized that his classmates were all friends from Pre-K. Cole had fifteen friends in his class, happy to see him!
Amy was done because she ate lunch alone. She went to her 5th period class in a funk. A cute guy came in and sat next to her. When Amy looked at him he smiled at her. Amy's mood instantly improved.
John thought he was bad at playing the piano. His last lesson was today then he was going to show his friends. When he started playing his head was down, he had no confidence. After he finished, his friends stood up and applauded. John now has confidence to play anywhere and anytime.
Sprint is my neighbor's dog. We live right on a busy road so Sprint was taught to stay in the yard. He will sit at the edge of the yard even though there is no fence. Yesterday I was in my yard working and heard him crying. He wouldn't even leave the yard when I called him over!
Janice went out with her family to eat. She forgot to bring her toothbrush and couldn't take off her braces. Her mom argued with her but she tried to explain. Janice eventually made up her mind to take off her braces. She felt bad afterwards but she enjoyed the food.
We decided to put up our Christmas tree today. First we had to find all the pieces. Then we gathered all the lights and balls. We worked all day on the tree. When it was done we were so happy.
I hadn't cleaned my bathroom in weeks. I finally decided to clean it. Alas, I had no bleach. I decided to go to the store. I bought bleach and cleaned my bathroom!
Jason wanted some new socks. He looked in his dresser and saw all his socks were black. He decided to buy a new color of socks. Jason walked to the clothing store. Jason bought five packages of red socks.
Two mechanical Turk workers were walking down a sidewalk. The one on the left tapped the shoulder of the one on the right. He wanted to know if his peer had heard about Amazon's improvements. His peer said he could count them on his hands. He then pondered how one could Turk without any hands at all.
Lily's mom brought home a stack of fashion catalogs. Lily asked if she could have the catalogs. She cut out models to use as paper dolls. She kept cutting until she had a box of dolls and outfits. Then Lily got tired of the project and forgot all about it.
Bradley came to the pool side and saw the family there. Unaware of the wet ground, he started to run. However, he slipped and landed on the ground with his head. His mom had to pick him up and take him to the hospital. The doctor diagnosed him with a head concussion.
Friday was the last day of Bob's Spirit Week. For this day he was required to wear merchandise from his school. Bob spent 300 dollars on merchandise and brought it all to school. He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff! Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day.
I had a friend that I didn't know well but let her over my house. She paid rent then asked for some of it back. She drinks my juice and eats my food. She also makes a huge mess and is very sloppy. She got kicked out in two weeks.
Jane was driving to school. She picked up her friend. The friend kept distracting her. Jane wound up running a stop sign. She crashed into a van.
Adam was studying the Civil War in school. It seemed like dry and boring history to him. Then his uncle took him to see a Civil War reenactment. That made it seem lively and vibrant to Adam. He had a lot more fun studying after that!
Jane bought a sheep to keep on her property. She named the sheep Harriet. Jane often pet Harriet in the pen. Jane eventually bought more sheep. She called everyone she had.
Janice started school yesterday. She was very afraid to meet her teacher. Once she settled in the classroom everyone was really friendly. Janice's teacher greeted everyone one by one. Janice is excited to go to school today!
Heather wants to make egg salad sandwiches for something to eat. She realizes she doesn't have eggs to make the sandwiches. Heather decides she needs to go to the store to buy eggs. She makes a list, leaves the house, and goes to the store. While at the store she buys the eggs she needs and goes home.
Kayla suspected her husband of cheating She had looked through his texts and emails She saw a lot of strange calls and texts to an unknown number Kayla Decided to take action She tracked down the number's location and found her cheating Husband!
Simon got drunk and passed out. Everyone was worried about him. They decided to send for the hospital. He woke up hours later. He was fine.
I went to the theme park for the rides. I went to the most popular ride in the entire park. The line was very long. I stood at the end and waited for my turn. The line slowly moved forward and I with it.
Amy was in class when her teacher announced they needed a partner. She immediately turned to her crush Ray. Ray agreed to be her partner. They turned their desks towards each other. Amy and Ray sat smiling at each other without speaking.
Sam was a safe cracker of much renown. He'd never encountered a vault he couldn't penetrate. The newly installed metal monster at First National beckoned him. He got in as easily as he thought he would. Sam didn't have a plan to deal with the guards waiting inside it.
Martin was looking at footage of the Challenger Deep. He saw a shadow on the camera. He looked intently and thought he saw a large fin. He replayed the camera. On second view, it was just the light playing tricks.
Carlos has been single for several Year's. One day Carlos and his friend Dan go to a dance club. Carlos meets a nice girl there and they exchange phone numbers. The next week they go out for a cup of coffee. Carlos hopes he has finally met someone he can love.
Wyatt bellowed an old bluegrass song while sitting on his porch. A neighbor came by and told him to quiet down. Wyatt spit at him and told him this was his property. The neighbor looked bewildered, and pointed at his badge. It was a Home Depot manager, and Wyatt was outside by the tool shed.
Allison was entered to be in a competitive eating contest. On the day of the contest her mom came to visit her. She went out to breakfast with her mom and ate a lot of food. She got too full and it was going to affect her later. Allison did not do well in the contest and didn't win.
I used my credit card at an ATM near my school. A small woman was staring at me the entire time. The next day, I found out that my card had an unauthorized transaction. The date of the transaction occurred yesterday. I immediately cancelled the card and requested a refund.
Tom wanted to make a grilled cheese sandwich. He forgot to add butter to the pan. Tom's grilled cheese stuck to the pan. His bread turned black. Tom also set off the fire alarm.
Erica was finally redoing her bedroom. She bought a fantastic new bed. It was beautiful with an upholstered headboard. Erica couldn't wait to put the finishing touches on it. It was going to be a beautiful room!
Johnny's teacher said the kids could bring pets for show and tell. Johnny was downhearted because he didn't have a pet. He pleaded with his parents, but they wouldn't budge. Johnny got an idea. He put candy fish in a bowl of water to bring to school.
Sam was having trouble mowing his lawn. The lawnmower kept stopping even though it was full of gas. It cut very slowly, taking him over two hours. The next time he mowed, he moved the blade to the highest setting. That made the lawn much easier to cut.
Shane noticed that his beard was becoming long and unprofessional. He decided he should shave it. It was difficult to shave because it had grown so long. When he had finally shaved, Shane felt much better. Shane was glad to look better now that he had shaved.
Sam was a comedian. Lately his jokes have become really repetitive. He recently came up with a new joke that he wanted to test out. At his next club performance, he performed the new joke. The audience reacted very positively and the joke was successful.
Jill is afraid of spiders. She saw one in the corner of her room. Jill screamed with terror. She grabbed the vacuum and sucked the spider up. Jill then could rest easy.
The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day. On the car ride there, they passed their neighbors on the road. The driver was upset that he couldn't get his neighbor's attention. He continued to drive, and eventually found a nice spot at the beach. Low and behold the neighbors parked next to them, excited to see them.
Finn met with his friends one evening for drinks. He had a few beers and already felt out of it. He asked for someone sober enough to get him home. As there was no one, he chose to drive himself anyway. While driving he almost hit a tree and swore not to drink again.
The Muse concert was tonight. We drove down from Boston at noon and parked. Then we wandered the city for a bit. At 4 we headed over to the venue. Then the concert started.
Johnny was in his apartment in the city one day watching tv. Suddenly, a news alert went out for his area about a terror alert. Johnny closed his doors and called his family. Everyone was very worried and Johnny saw police everywhere. All of a sudden, a report came out claiming it was a misunderstanding.
Allie was flying to Florida. She really wanted to get there on time. Unfortunately there was a bad storm. The flight was delayed. Allie was hours late.
Sam was a lonely kid. He had just moved to a new neighborhood where he didn't know anyone. Sam's mother was worried about him. She decided Sam needed a companion, so she got him a kitten. Sam was very happy to have his fuzzy friend.
My coworker dated a fireman for two years. They had a passionate relationship. Gradually it tapered off. One Christmas she got him an X-box and he got her pyjamas. She ended the relationship by New Year's Day.
The school group went on a trip. They went to see an Amish Village. They watched the Amish make furniture. They also ate some of their delicious treats. They learned a lot about the Amish people.
Melissa was camping in a tent. She told her kids that they could have no food in their tent. One night she thought she heard chewing. She realized that her son had a secret snack stash. She scolded him and explained that bears could get him.
Ludo has a gambling problem. He made a bet that Harry would win a tournament at school. Harry is the underdog in the competition. Surprisingly, Harry tied for first place. Ludo lost his bet on a technicality.
Sarah woke up not feeling very well. She debated on staying home from work. After much thought, she decided to stay home. She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day. The following morning she felt much better.
Vince and Rose were both brown eyed people with regular eyes. They gave birth to a baby boy with blue eyes much to their surprise. Vince was sure no one had blue eyes in his family and so was Rose. His mom called him and told him to check the email she had sent. Inside were pictures of his great grandpa and his eyes were blue!
Sandy had bad allergies. She was cleaning her house. Sandy dusted her fans and baseboards. They were very dusty. Sandy began to sneeze and had watery eyes.
The man cut firewood. He cut way too much. He asked his neighbor if she wanted any. She accepted some wood. The man stacked the wood for his neighbor.
I went to see the doctor when I knew it was bad. I hadn't eaten in nearly a week. I told him I felt afraid of food in my body. He told me I was developing an eating disorder. He instructed me to get some help.
Blake was planning a halloween party. He had decided to make it a costume party. Several of his friends complained because they didn't want to dress up. Blake did not care because he thought it would be fun. Blake was correct and the costume party was a great success.
Mary threw a pool party for all her friends. She told them that there would be ice cream at the party. Mary forgot that it would be very hot. When her friends got there all the ice cream had melted. Mary's friends weren't mad because they still had a good time.
Bill was renovating his house. He'd bought a cute little bungalow downtown. He painted the outside some historic colors. He gutted the inside as well. After months of work, it was perfect!
Tina was not feeling well. She was nauseous. Finally she took a test. She found out she was pregnant. Tina then started to cry.
John was in the market for a new car. John browsed classified ads online and in newspapers. John did not find anything he liked. John went to a used car dealership. John found a wonderful used vehicle that he purchased.
A school teacher bought 100 new rulers for her class. When they arrived she noticed they were slightly off. She took out her set of calipers and measured them all. She concluded that they were all an inch too long. She reboxed them and sent them all back.
Kelsi got some new heels yesterday. Today she decided to wear them. She was running down the stairs when her heel broke. Kelsi was very disappointed. She had to get new shoes.
Morgan and Cassidy were walking to their car. There was an older couple nearby. They heard the woman complaining. She did not like Morgan's outfit. Morgan did not care.
Philip loved pretzels. Especially the ones covered in chocolate during the holidays. A terrible pretzel shortage happened at his local market. Philip couldn't get any pretzels for weeks. He determined it was the worst Christmas ever.
Me and my boyfriend had been dating for three years. We first saw each other at the mall. When i enter the shop for phones, i saw him buying phone too. Then he saw me and he noticed my key chain. He showed me his key chain and we have the same.
Horace wakes up feeling very hungry. He decides to eat some donuts. First he eats a chocolate donut. After that, he eats a glazed donut. Horace is glad he doesn't feel hungry any longer.
Tom drove to a family reunion. He drove through the mountains. Before he returned there was a big storm. Lots of rocks and debris were all over the read. Tom had to drive extra carefully.
Kevin never thought about joining the gym. When he started gaining weight he decided it was time to try. At first he went 2 days a week, because he forced himself to. He started enjoying himself and began going 4 days a week. Kevin looks great now and he says he will never stop going regularly.
Patrick always had his way with women. He was a smooth talker and got them home every time. When he took Beth out for dinner, he was shocked. She slapped him in the middle of the restaurant and left. Patrick went home with his ego between his legs.
Jenna had never been on an airplane before. She was excited to fly on one to visit her grandma in Florida. She had a window seat so she could look down at the cities. Jenna ate the peanuts and drank the juice the attendant gave her. She was excited to return back home on another plane after her visit.
Chris was having trouble sleeping. He tossed and turned on his old, lumpy mattress. Chris decided he needed to replace the mattress. He went to the store and picked one out. He was going to sleep so well after it was delivered!
Brian loved many animals. His favorite type of animal was the cougar. One day, he decided to visit the jungle. Brian saw many animals. Finally, after many hours, Brian was able to spot a cougar.
Annie was planning her wedding. She wanted to make every decision correctly. She taste tested different champagnes. She decided on the one she liked the best. She couldn't wait to toast to her new marriage!
I went trick-or-treating in my neighborhood with my big brothers. They were very serious about maximizing their candy load! I didn't want to tell them I needed to stop for a bathroom break. I tried to hold it until I got home, but I couldn't. I pooped in my pants only 3 houses from home.
The judge found the man guilty. He sentenced him to four years. The man's wife started crying. The judge felt bad. He gave the woman some tissue.
Gus wanted some entertainment now. He gathered some bricks and went to the highway overpass. He waited for cars to come and dropped bricks. He got a direct hit on a green van as it drove by. The van crashed into the median.
Emily had lost her pet snake. It had escaped during the night. She searched high and low all day, but couldn't find it. Finally she gave up and decided to go to bed. And there, under her blanket, was the snake!
Bob was cooking chicken on the grill outside of his home. Bob went inside his house as he waited for his chicken to cook. A strong wind blew over his grill. The side of his house caught on fire. Bob was able to put out the fire without any significant damage.
Kate and Natalie loved climbing a magnolia tree in their yard. They would hang out in the tree for hours. One day, they found a bird's nest. The nest contained many speckled eggs. They got to watch the babies hatch!
Jason was competing in an alumni softball game. He was up to bat. Jason hit the ball very hard. He thought he could run as fast as he could when he was young. Jason was tagged out trying to turn the hit into a triple.
Andy had a huge collection of toys. He arranged them from most expensive to cheapest. He had a few at the expensive end that were unboxed. He knew these toys would be worth more in mint condition. The last toy he sold was a GI Joe, and it got $2000 at auction.
Deborah had two daughters that were successful. Her youngest daughter met a guy she fell in love with. They got engaged and Deborah knew she had to plan the wedding. She was worried because she didn't make a lot of money. Deborah got another job and worked it out.
Jill and Lisa had been best friends for years. Nothing would break their friendship they thought. Yet to their surprise they got into a fight. Jill never wanted to speak to Lisa. Lisa was so upset.
Paige was nervous when she brought her new boyfriend home. Her dad was very protective of her. She was worried he would disapprove of him. Her boyfriend and dad ended up talking for hours. She now thinks her dad likes her boyfriend more than he likes her.
Jon met Marty at a bar that evening. They engaged in a friendly game of darts. When Marty was obviously winning, Jon bought him a beer. After four more beers, Marty's aim wasn't very good anymore. And Jon was proud to win their dart contest at the end of the night.
I needed to start my homework. Since I'm working with a friend, I looked for a phone to text him. My phone didn't appear to be anywhere and I looked constantly. I got up from my seat and something dropped. After picking it up, I realized that it was my phone.
Tom loved very spicy food. He made some chili with lots of red pepper to share with his friends. His friends both took big bites of the chili. Red-faced, with streaming eyes, they choked. They vowed never to eat anything Tom cooked again.
I bought a chocolate easter bunny. I took it home with me. My husband laughed and said I couldn't eat the entire thing. I told him I had no intention to. I sat down and ate the ears only, leaving the rest behind.
The man picked berries. His hands became dyed blue. His wife saw his hands. His wife asked what had happened. He showed her the berries he had picked.
Annie felt proud of how much she had accomplished over the last month. She had turned pieces of fabric squares into 12 complete quilt blocks. Now she just needed to sew those together with some sashing between. It took Annie several days to finish assembling the blocks together. Surveying the quilt top, Annie marvelled at the intricate designs.
The Bruce family is very adventurous. They went on a whale watch to see some to see some sea life. Suddenly, a humpback whale emerged from the water. Every cheered and took pictures. The Bruce family returned home ready for their next adventure.
It was Veronica's first time on a plane. After checking in, she and her family were seated on the plane. The plane was about to take off, and Veronica was nervous. As the plane picked up speed, she closed her eyes. When she opened them again, they were high in the clouds.
Walter had always wanted a pet ever since he was 7. If his mom wasn't allergic to pet hair, he could have gotten a dog. After Walter grew up, he moved to another city. Walter was able to pick a very big dog from the shelter. Now Walter has 3 dogs and he is very satisfied.
Terry is a professional typist. Today, he was in for a long day. He had to type a whole 500 page book in three hours. Terry typed away and was getting blisters on his fingers. He finished typing the book with a few minutes to spare.
John let his pet cat inside because it started to rain. An hour later, he noticed a strange smell in the living room. John searched around for an hour to find the cause. Finally, John looked under the sofa and gasped. His cat had brought in a dead squirrel.
Carl was upset one night. He posted something somewhat personal on Facebook. Some of his friends were offended. It caused an argument in his comments section. Carl deleted the post.
I got a pair of headphones for my birthday. I was very excited to use them. But two days later they broke. I was so disappointed. I then had to buy new ones.
Jeff grew up the weak kid. He was in the marching band and people considered him a nerd. When he turned eighteen he entered the marines. His arm's are the size a tree trunk and he has photo pulling a heli. Jeff has now fought in war and is a hero.
The girl needed a new haircut. She could not afford to go to the salon she wanted. She hired her best friend. She was glad. She got the best haircut ever.
I woke up one morning and it was badly raining. I checked the forecast and it said thunderstorms all day. I decided to call into work sick. I called my boss and got it cleared up. I stayed home in the rain and heard lots of thunder.
Jenna was fresh out of cosmetology school. She really wanted to impress her new clients. She was supposed to do an updo for a wedding. She messed it up so badly the bride cried. Jenna had ruined the woman's big day!
Roy remembered a report that was due soon and he did not start it yet. The problem was he was on the other side of town. He raced to get a taxi. Finally home he frantically wrote his report. He sent the report in a email with only minutes to spare.
I got a new modem for my computer system. I sat it upon the large cherry wood desk. The modem was huge, and took up most of the space. I got everything set up to work properly. Then I had superfast internet speeds like I always wanted.
Tom and Susan had one child. Their child was a toddler. Tom wanted to ensure his child was smart and happy. Tom read the child a fairy tale. The child enjoyed the story.
Tim was trying to wash dishes. He noticed the water wouldn't drain. Tim tried using a plunger to fix it. After a bit of trying the water started to leave. Tim plunged a bit more just to make sure.
Adam was going to propose to his girlfriend. All through dinner he fidgeted nervously. Then he knelt. He popped the question to his astonished girlfriend. He was so thrilled when she said yes!
The bird caught a worm. It took the worm to its nest. It fed the worm to a baby bird. The baby bird was still hungry. The bird caught another worm.
Eli sat on the edge of the cliff and gathered in the view. He'd conquered the mountain he'd trained months to climb. All that was left to do was watch the sunset. When it sank Eli began his descent back down in the fading light. He made it home safely with a camera full of pictures to share.
It was a long way to drive all the way across the country. Dave was a long haul truck driver and knew the demands. He got everything loaded up and was off for California. It would take him several grueling days to get there. Dave reached California after 3 days and was glad to be safely there.
I bought a binky for my little cousin. I picked one out at Target. It was pink with multicolored polka dots. I gave it to her as a surprise. She was very excited and hugged me.
Sparky kept a big part of his homework hidden. His Dad didn't even know Sparky had more homework to do. Sparky's teacher emailed his dad. Turned out Sparky was lying about it. Sparky is grounded for a month.
Tom's dog was a raggedy mess. He took it to a groomer. The groomer brushed the fur and gave him a bath. The dog started looking a little better. Tom knew he should take better care of his pet.
Kate always recycles. She would crush all her cans. One day she slipped and cut her hand bad. She stopped crushing her cans. She just recycles them whole now.
Sherry was planning a gender reveal party for her baby. She didn't know the gender, but her husband did. One night her husband accidentally mentioned it was a boy. Sherry was shocked and upset at the slip up. At the party, she cut open a cake and was shocked to see a pink cake!
As Jake was going down the road, he hit a pothole. It punctured his tire. Jake had to call a wrecker service to come get him. He then had to get his tire fixed. The pothole did major damage to his car.
Toby was at the park with his friends. Suddenly another group of kids arrived and began picking on them. Toby tried to defend his friends and the other boy wanted to fight. Toby didn't want to fight so he and his friends ran. They couldn't even enjoy the park anymore.
Beth wanted to go to her friend May's house. Her mother stopped her and made her take her little sister. Beth told her sister Ali to behave while at May's house. Beth was talking to may when Ali started fighting with May's sister. Beth and May broke the girls up before anyone was hurt.
Zoe had a fifteen paper due in two days. She had it all done except for the works cited page. She began working on her last page. Her computer suddenly went blank. Zoe lost her entire paper.
Kelly started working at her father's general store. He started her with cleaning duties. Then he upgraded her to stocking the shelves. Then he upgraded her again to dealing with the finances. Finally Kelly's father gave the store to her to run on her own.
I had to go to class at 10:00 this morning. I was mad because the class usually starts at noon. I decided to email my teacher expressing my frustration. He did not like the email, and gave us a pop quiz today. Now I know to keep my opinions to myself.
Alissa's throat had been hurting. She went to the doctor and found out she had to get her tonsils out. Alissa went in for surgery and got her tonsils out. After surgery, she was off from work and could only eat ice cream. Alissa went back to work a week later feeling better.
It was an early Saturday morning. James decided to cook breakfast for his family. While he was cooking eggs, he dropped his cast iron skillet. The skillet burned the skin on his legs. James had to go to the hospital to be treated for his burns.
Ana's husband brought home surprise dinner guests. She was frenzied. She hadn't made nearly enough food! She decided to just call out some pizzas. All her guests were happy with the pizza!
My friend's daughter went to college in Boston. In her sophomore year she told her mom she was a lesbian. Her mom, a Catholic, was very upset. After she graduated, she became heterosexual. My friend said it was a case of lesbian until graduation.
After the rain-shower, I decided to take a walk in the park. Several flies were swarming around me. A few mosquitoes ended up biting me. I had a few sores on my legs. My mom treated the spots with alcohol.
Nola was applying to UCLA. She was so nervous - UCLA was so competitive! But her grades were good and she wrote a great essay. UCLA ended up inviting her to attend! Nola was so thrilled, she burst into tears!
James was sleeping at his cousin's house. James had forgotten his favorite stuffed animal. His cousin let James borrow one of his animals. James was able to sleep well. He was excited to know he could sleep without his toy.
After a day of walking in town, James begins to feel hot. He decides to get a glass of iced coffee. After drinking the iced coffee, James feels much better. He pays and leaves the shop. He decides to continue to walk around town.
Sam needed a new keyboard for his computer. The buttons would stick every time. He worked hard but couldn't save up the money. Mark felt bad for Sam. Sam was happy when Mark bought him the new keyboard.
Jim was at the bar. He wanted to hit on a girl. He decided to drink more to build up courage. Jim wound up drinking too much. He made a fool of himself around her.
Jackson wanted to run a half-marathon. He started to train everyday. He soon was able to run faster than his friends. He participated in the half-marathon with his friends. He beat all of them to the finish line.
Adam was dusting his furniture in his room. He got distracted by a photo album he found. Adam looked through the photos and laughed. His mom walked in and looked around. She scolded him for not having dusted like she told him to.
The hail destroyed Bob's roof. He called up his insurance company to see if it'd be covered. His insurance company told him it absolutely was! Bob had his shingle roof replaced with a metal one. Now Bob's roof is impervious to any damage from hail.
Cece married her high school sweetheart. They had three children together. Her husband cheated on her and they got a divorce. He demanded she change her last name and not use his. Cece refused his demands because her children have the same last name.
Colton got a new dog. He was slobbery and sweet and friendly. Colton liked to take him for a long run every morning. The dog was in love with his owner. It was a match made in heaven!
Bob was feeling lonely. He wanted to get a pet. He went to his local animal shelter. He adopted an orange colored kitten. Bob no longer felt lonely with his new kitten.
Mari family decided to have picnic at the park. They bought cooked foods and toys to play in the park. While eating in the park,a beggar came near to them. The beggar ask for food from Mari family. They gave the beggar some foods and drinks.
My girlfriend is really clumsy. She always drops things. Last night she dropped the fifth glass this month. It shattered on impact. Now we only buy plastic cups.
I went to the park. I was disgusted. There was litter everywhere. I decided to clean it up. After that I felt happy to be in a clean park.
Mary really likes coffee. She drinks five cups every day. Yesterday she was sick. Her doctor told her she couldn't drink coffee anymore. Mary was really sad.
My friend came over to watch Netflix and chill. I put on a movie and we sat on the couch. We were both pretty tired. She fell asleep right away and I did soon after. We both slept through the night and didn't have any fun.
Last Christmas I really wanted a new phone. However they were really expensive. So, I never expected to actually get one as a gift. On Christmas day, I was pleasantly shocked. It turned out my boyfriend got me the phone.
After a winter storm, I was walking. A car was spinning its wheels trying to pull from a parking spot. I offered to push. As the car moved, I fell over. My knee hurt for weeks after.
Kia was a sweet girl, but she was also very sassy. She didn't let anyone tell her what to do or to be mean to her. One day, a mean girl tried to bully her. This mean girl didn't know that Kia didn't put up with anything. Kia hit the mean girl in the nose and no one ever bullied her again.
Caesar was playing at home with his new remote controlled helicopter. He was determined to make it do a 360 degree spin. For that reason he flew it as fast as he could around every room. He reached the living room and flew too close to the chandelier. The copter crashed and went flying into several successful 360 spins.
A baby panda was lost in the woods. It cried and cried but nobody heard it. After a few hours, a rescue team from the local zoo found him. He was given a new home at the zoo. He was reunited with his parents, who also lived at the zoo.
The kids were hungry. Their mom made them a big pot of noodles. They put butter and Parmesan on it. The kids gobbled the whole plate up. That was their favorite meal!
Marcus has been dreading going to his job at the coffee shop. He puts off getting out of bed as long as he can. Finally he gets out of bed and goes to work. When he gets to the coffee shop, he finds it is not that bad. He wonders why he dreaded going to work so much.
Kate had a small tin for garbage in her room near her desk. And it was full of tissue. She wanted to empty it in the big trash before it got dark. But she was busy working and not paying attention. Before she knew it it was dark.
Gina had to go to see the principal. She stood outside her class afraid to go to the office. She had never been in trouble at school She worried about what her mother would say when she found out. Gina sat on the floor and wondered what to do.
Jeff's son was sick. His son went to school. Jeff's son coughed and sneezed a lot. He spread the sickness around. A lot of other kids became sick.
Billy had a crush on a girl in his class. He finally decided to ask her out. The girl laughed at him and said no. Billy was embarrassed. It was a while before Billy asked out another girl.
Thom Funk was a glitch hop producer. He'd gotten into legal trouble, battling copyright claims. He went to his distributor for a disbursement of cash. They denied him. In revenge, Thom made an entire record of remixes from jail.
Bil was dating Jenny. He was much better looking than her. He figured that out later. He cheated on her. He broke her heart.
My friend Frank called me last night. His son was having trouble with an English assignment. He had to tell a butterfly effect story. I gave him an acceptable story. Frank was relieved.
Hals sister is an actress. She mainly works on evening tv shows. Hal wanted to get into the business too. His sister was happy to help him land a role. His first gig was working with his sister and he loved it!
Tim was a short guy. He tried online dating. Unfortunately a lot of girls underestimated his shortness. One date straight up cancelled. Tim was really hurt because he couldn't change things.
Cayla loves to watch TV. She has been waiting all year for her TV show to return. The day has finally come and a whole season is on netflix. She cancelled all of her plans for the weekend. Cayla binge watched the whole season in 2 days.
While taking a walk David noticed a house fire. David knew the people that lived there. He only saw two of the three residents outside. David rushed into the house looking for the third resident, Kay. David was able to pull Kay out of the burning house.
My friend made lamb stew. It smelled awful! They asked me to try it. I was so scared. After putting it in my mouth I realized it was delicious!
Irene liked to pull pranks on her brother. But because she was so clever, she was never caught. Her brother, who wanted revenge, pulled a prank on her. He didn't get caught and Irene was caught instead. So Irene proposed a truce and her brother agreed.
Tyber worked late at his dog day care job. On the train back home he decided to get off a few stops early. While walking through the darkness he was jumped by several men. They stole his phone, MP3 player, headphones and even his dinner! When he arrived home his partner was relieved to learn he was safe.
Harry met Larry at the library to study for the big test. They chatted instead of studying. On the day of the test they were both unprepared. Harry and Larry failed their test. They vowed to never make that same mistake again.
I was watching birds fly to the bird feeder to eat seeds from it. A squirrel was sitting under the bird feeder. Suddenly the squirrel jumped up to grab at the seeds. The squirrel could not hold onto the bird feeder. The squirrel fell down onto the ground and slunk away.
An author that I liked released a new book. I looked up the book online. I found a website selling it and ordered it. I waited for a week and it arrived. I sat down and read the whole thing over a few days.
Jake was mowing his lawn. He started to feel very dizzy. He fainted due to heat stress. Jake regained consciousness after a few minutes. He felt better after cooling down inside his house.
When Greg drove to Wisconsin, he passed through a lot of tolls. The tolls have cameras on them. He always made sure to make faces at the cameras when driving through. Greg thinks he's very funny. The people who have to watch the toll cameras will have a laugh.
Linda was at the library looking for a book for a report. She searched the catalog on the computer. She quickly found the location and went to search for it. Somehow, she couldn't locate it on the shelves. Finally, she managed to find it in the return bin.
Gina was about to book a flight to visit her mom. She thought she had her cheapest option when she noticed something. There was one massively less expensive flight with a large layover. Gina decided she wouldn't mind giving it a try. To her delight the flight was fine and she saved a ton of money.
The kids bought huge bags of candy. They were going to fill their pinata. They put candy and stickers inside of it. They couldn't wait to hit it with the stick! It was going to be the highlight of the party.
Louis was on the roof of his home installing a solar panel. As he reached for his wrench he lost his footing and fell off. Louis laid there on the grass and writhed in pain. As he tried to sit up, he could feel his bones creaking in his back. Louis went to the hospital in an ambulance.
Jackie had gone to the grocery store. It was raining out. Jackie's pants got soaked. Jackie returned from the store. She put her jeans in the dryer.
One day Jimmy was playing with a ball. The ball rolled into the street and he ran after it. Jimmy's Grandma saw that a truck was heading toward him. Jimmy's Grandma ran over and pushed him out of the way. Jimmy's Grandma saved his life.
It was the last day of school and everyone was excited. The bell rang and everyone jumped with joy. We all ran out of school and started having fun. Summer was going to be a blast! Everybody went home and got ready to enjoy summer.
Peter had a dog named Gizmo. Gizmo ran away one day when peter wasn't looking. Peter was so upset he made hundreds of fliers that afternoon. Peter put fliers up all over town. A nice lady found a flier and called Peter about Gizmo.
Tom's car had been acting funny. One day he realized a black stain underneath it. Tom had the car checked out after realizing it had no oil. The mechanic found a leak. Tom was able to get it fixed and avoid worse damage.
Laura was telling a story to her friend Walter. It was a scary story, and Walter got scared. Walter tried to hide in Laura's arms, but they weren't that close. She told him he was being a bit creepy. Walter said he didn't know Laura could be so cold.
One time I went to my town's fair with one of my cousins. We rode many of the rides together. Near closing time we rode the Ring of Fire. She is bigger than me so the seat wasn't secure with both of us. It was a terrifying ride as the whole time I was about to fall out!
I made myself a Ham Sandwich. I've sat it down and went to the bathroom. I came out and it was gone. I looked around and couldn't find it. Then, I noticed my mom through it away by accident.
My glasses were broken. I called the eye doctor. They told me to come in to get them fix. I went in and they fixed them. Then, I was able to go home.
Charles was high up in the Agriculture Department. He heard from the news someone was sick after eating beef. The media reported Mad Cow Disease was going around. Charles began researching the incident. The president of America called Charles to hear what was going on.
Gill loved watching Real housewives of Atlanta. So she was so excited to find out her football team signed a new guy. This player was a husband of one of the wives on the show. She was so excited to possibly see her idol in person. All she had to do was wait for the season to begin now.
Anthony has always been afraid to lose his teeth. It was seeing his grandparents with no teeth that frightened him. Anthony was 47 Year's old and eating fried chicken. He bit into a chicken thigh and his tooth felt stuck in grease. He opened his mouth and his back tooth was stuck in his food.
Sam went hunting for the first time. He got the chance to shoot a deer. He hit his target. Same felt bad about it. He still kept the deer, though.
Becky was planning to go to the park with her kids on Sunday. When she work up Sunday morning it was dark and rainy. The kids were sad they couldn't go to the park. Becky instead came up with some craft ideas to do indoors. The kids had a great time making crafts with their mom all day.
Marissa loved the pokemon go game. It is the biggest thing right now. She had done so much more walking since she started playing it. She walked all day and evening sometimes. She walked almost 10 miles in two days.
Kate and her brothers and their friends were walking home from school. They passed a house with fruit trees in his backyard. The others decided to take some of the fruit. Kate fought her temptation and didn't join them. She knew it would be wrong to take the fruit without permission.
Seal was having trouble with his Tampermonkey extension. It wouldn't open the mini dashboard when he clicked on it. Seal tried closing Chrome and restarting his computer. It still didn't work for him. Seal bought a new computer to fix the issue.
Tom was hunting with his friends. One of them had to go pee. Tom thought he saw a deer. He shot at the figure but it was his friend. His friend had to be rushed to the hospital.
My parents were fighting with each other. My dad ended up pushing my mom. My brother freaked out and started running away from the house. My sister decided to run after him. She eventually found him.
Jackson had a math test. He had studied all week. On the day of the test, he became very nervous. When he got his test, he went blank. Jackson failed his test.
Ida was afraid of dentists. But after years of suffering, she gave in. She made herself an emergency dentist appointment. The dentist fixed some of Ida's teeth for her. Ida felt a lot better after that!
Jenn was not 16 yet. That meant she could not drive. She needed to get to track practice. So she ran there. She got in a great workout.
Mara and Jay have no each other for awhile. They've been talking more lately. Jay decided to ask Mara out for a day in Venice. Mara excitedly agreed. They are both nervous and excited.
Allie was excited for the cooking competition. She could not to compete. When she went to cook, she made cupcakes. When the competition was over, Allie won. She was elated as a result.
Keith's parents were taking him to Disneyland. They told him to go pee before the three hour drive. He argued for a while saying he didn't have to go. His parents didn't want to argue so they started the drive. Before the first stoplight Keith had to pee.
John and Kara went to NYC last weekend. It was their anniversary present to each other. They said the weather was perfect. They visited all over the city. It was the perfect weekend to celebrate.
Joel was raising his daughter on his own. Although he had a decent job he was struggling financially. He decided to get a second job. Thankfully his mom was able to help with his daughter. Joel worked a lot but he provided for his daughter well.
Greg works online at mturk He recently got some rejections for a task. He did not think he did it wrong. He contacted the requester. He got the rejection reversed
Mike had not eaten meat in two years. His girlfriend Jane was a vegetarian, and very strict with Mike. Mike was whipped and listened to Jane when she said no meat. Today though, Mike had dumped Jane. As he ate his steak, Mike sighed with pleasure and happiness.
Gina returned to her classroom earlier than her class. She was hoping the door would be unlocked so she could enter. She needed to be alone to search another student's desk. She walked into the classroom smiling and happy. Until she saw her teacher sitting at her desk.
Jon stood outside the courtroom nervously. The men inside were deciding his culpability. They beckoned Jon in. His worst fears were then realized. The inquiry blamed him, the engineer, for the accident.
Callie was at her apartment. Suddenly, her roommate burst in and accused her of stealing. Callie tried to tell her that it wasn't true, but she wouldn't listen. The two got into a huge fight and Callie decided to leave. She moved out the next day.
Sally swam in a pool outside her house. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed a bear! She paddled toward the ladder as fast as she could. She wasn't going fast enough, so she screamed and closed her eyes. The bear was actually her mom in a face mask saying dinner was ready!
I had my special cup on my desk. I accidentally bumped it. It fell and rolled over the edge. It hit the husky and bounced off. She just laid there and ignored it.
John needed to use the restroom. He didn't realize there was no more toilet paper. He had to use napkins instead. That involved waddling to the kitchen. He made sure to stock up after that.
I did a fundraiser for church. We went to people's houses. We washed their cars. Most of them were scheduled. One person gave us 100 dollars.
Harold rushed home. He wanted to see his favorite TV show. He sat down and turned on the TV. He was sad when he saw that the news had interrupted it. He had really looked forward to that episode.
They go good with spam in the middle. We cooked them one night. It's just seaweed with rice in the middle. It took a while to find the seaweed sheets at the store. We got the recipe from a chef in Lexington.
Jake ordered a backpack online. But he received another box with his name on it. It was another backpack that was better than the one he ordered. And he felt very lucky to receive it. Jake decided to donate the original backpack he ordered.
When I was young, my grandmother would take me to German restaurant. At the restaurant, they served a special soup. My grandmother tried for years to get their recipe. Finally, her friend shared the restaurant's secret soup recipe. I now have the recipe and make the soup for special occasions.
My friend Jon wanted to watch the Redskins game. He asked if I wanted to go to Buffalo Wild Wings. I'm not a Redskins game, but agreed to go anyway. We ended up running into some mutual friends by coincidence. It ended up being a great time for all.
Mia's nose twitched, but she thought she was still asleep. Then the source of the twitching became known to her nose. The coffee was brewing and the smell pulled her fully awake. Eyes now open, Mia, threw the blankets off of her. She slipped on her slippers and ran down stairs.
Ted wanted to go fishing. He went to get his boat ready. He was startled by a family of opossum living inside his boat. He spent all day getting rid of the animals. That night he reminded himself that he could still go fishing tomorrow.
Bridgette and Frank were in a ballroom dancing class together. They were so good that they were told to enter a contest. So they entered and then practiced every day and night. Unfortunately,they fell during practice and Frank broke his ankle. They couldn't dance and were forced to drop out of the contest.
Roger grew up in a factory town. The factory closed when he was a teenager. Roger managed to get a scholarship to college. He still struggled to find a job with his liberal arts degree. Roger found success when his film saga of his town made him millions.
It was Tina's turn to climb the rock tower. The ticket vendor gave her safeguard equipment. After putting it on, she climbed a couple of steps. Her shoe fell out and she ended up falling. She became disappointed.
Jeff saw a cat laying on the curb by his house. Jeff went over to see the cat and pet it. The cat seemed nice and Jeff started to pet it on the head. The cat hissed and scratched Jeff on his hand. Jeff realized the cat was a mean cat and regretted petting it.
My parents bought me a bench set to lift weights on. My parents warned me to not bench weights without a spotter. I decided to go against their wishes and bench some weight. Usually I have no problem benching weight, but my arm just gave out. The weights fell down on my chest and I had to go to the hospital.
Amanda's kids were playing in their above ground pool with friends. There were too many kids in the pool. The kids were playing too rough. The walls of the pool suddenly collapsed. Amanda's kids were upset at the broken pool.
Gerald wanted to be an Olympic swimmer when he grew up. He spent every day at the community swimming pool doing laps. He went out for his high school's swim team. He didn't make the cut. Gerald's interest in professional swimming waned over time.
Mary's granddaughter Lucy was in the garden. The girl had been bored for weeks. Lucy had a pet watermelon she painted a face on. Mary watched as the girl placed the watermelon in a car seat. Mary tried not to, but she had to laugh at the absurdity of it.
Amy and her dad arrived at her dorm. She was excited to be leaving home. While her dad moved slowly Amy quickly unpacked the car. Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left. Although she was excited, she cried a little as he drove away.
Tom's neighbors were fighting again. This time it sounded like it got violent. Tom called to cops to check. The cops wound up arresting both neighbors. Tom never saw them again.
Every morning a man ran down Phil's street at 7:00 am. One morning Phil noticed that the man was not there. Phil went outside and walked in the direction he usually came. On the side of the road, Phil found the running man. The running man had been stabbed in the chest.
Tyler has scored poorly on Chemistry tests all semester. His teacher and his parents expect he will fail his final exam. However, Tyler stays up all night to study as hard as he can. He enters the exam room feeling sleepy but confident. Against all odds, Tyler passes his Chemistry exam.
Once, I decided to build my very own computer. I wanted to build a powerful computer and started looking at parts. Once I had my list, I purchased the parts online. Next, I assembled the parts and booted up the computer. It worked great, and I still use it to this day!
James and Melinda went on a walk to the park one day. When they were skipping stones on the pond they were chased by geese. One of the geese bit James' back pocket. James yelped in pain. Melinda laughed.
Tim is having a bad day. To make things worse now his car is being towed. Tim heads home hoping his luck will change. At home Tim learns his girlfriend is leaving him. What a horrible day Tim had.
I am retired on a disability. I had a stroke in 2011. I try to do small chores around the home. Today I cleaned the bathroom and the carpets. It made me feel a bit useful.
Jean was learning how to cook. She was terrible. Her mom decided to help her cook rice. As Jean was cooking, she got distracted. She smelled something burning and realized it was her rice.
Andy always was sad around Earth Day. His mother who passed away was an avid gardener. This Earth Day, Andy decided to plant a tree in her honor. Andy picked a beautiful orange tree to plant in his backyard. Andy was glad he planted the tree in honor of his mother.
Pete was a cook at a restaurant. The beef at the restaurant had gone bad and Pete didn't notice. Pete made several burgers for the lunch crowd. A couple of the burgers got sent back to the kitchen. Pete realized the meat was bad and switched it with fresh beef.
Pat couldn't sleep because of his nightmares. He was growing ever so tired. He decided to see a psychologist. The psychologist suggested hypnotherapy. The hypnotherapy worked and Pat thanked his psychologist.
Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.
Ben was on a road trip with his parents. His mom challenged him to a game called the quiet game. Whoever could be quiet for longer won. Ben tried very hard to stay quiet. But soon he spoke, and his mom won the game!
Tim wanted to mow the lawn before the party. He took the lawnmower out of the garage and filled it with gasoline. He pulled to cord several times but the mower would not start. Tim removed the spark plug and cleaned it with a wire brush. He installed the clean plug and soon was mowing the lawn.
Jake was all out of bread. He really wanted a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Jake remembered he'd frozen a loaf in the freezer! He toasted two pieces of the frozen bread and made a sandwich. It turned out to be just as delicious as if it were fresh!
Tom was supposed to housesit for friends. They left him the key to the entrance. When Tom went over he realized it was the wrong key. Tom called them to let them know what happened. He wound up having to climb in through a window.
Elliott and Tim were on a high school tennis team. They had to play each other for the number 1 ranking spot. The match needed to be played, it was pouring rain, and Elliott won. Tim complained the next day to the coach about the rain being unfair. The coach replied "Was it raining on both sides of the court?"
Jane needed a new watch. She didn't like analog watches with arms. Unfortunately all digital watches were for kids. Jane decided to get a smartwatch instead. She was able to customize the picture.
John loved gazing at stars. He switched his major to astrophysics because of his stargazing love. John's first class involved a huge amount of difficult math. John knew he couldn't weather such a class, feeling disappointed. Now, John is a business major who stargazes on his own time!
Last month my wife's company purchased a check scanner. Their bank said it would eliminate the need to make trips to the bank. The scanner was placed on a desk in the front of the office. A part time manager objected as she uses that desk sometimes. The office manager reluctantly moved the scanner.
Jackson loved hanging out with his friends. He would spend all day every Saturday with them. His time in high school was drawing to an end though. He became worried about losing them. Jackson manages to keep in touch though so he won't lose them.
Larry was cleaning his gun in his house. He had forgotten to unload the gun. The gun went off as Larry cleaned it. The gun shot a hole through Larry's ceiling. Larry's wife was livid over the damage.
Jenna was in a relationship with a guy. The guy Jenna was dating also wanted to date her friend. One day at school he asked Jenna's friend to date. Jenna's friend said yes she would date him. Jenna told her friend that their friendship was over.
Maya was an apiculturist who was afraid of bees. She went through her days afraid to be stung by one of them. She only found solace in eating the honey they were making. Until one day she sold it all to build a new life. And away from the bees, she finally knew what it meant to feel secure.
Anna was writing a novel. It took her two years to finish it. She sent it to publishers. One company accepted it! Anna was amazed- and proud!
Gina finished washing dishes and headed back to her room. She wanted to work on her report. She realized she was she was feeling tired. She put her head on her arm, and closed her eyes. She was fast asleep in no time.
Jared wanted to learn to play the piano. He wasn't very good to start with. He practiced everyday after school. He improved a great deal. He can now play any song he likes.
Gerhard decided to put lights on the house for Christmas. He got out the string of lights from the box. Gerhard then got on the ladder to put them up. He attached the lights to the small nails at the edge of the roof. He then tested the lights after getting down to the outlet.
John had his high school reunion coming up in six months. John hadn't seen these people in five years. John wanted to lose some weight prior to the reunion, to look good. He dieted and worked out faithfully. John looked fantastic at the reunion, turning quite a few heads.
Sam bought his son a birthday gift. It was an inflatable pool. Sam didn't have an air pump. He decided to inflate it by mouth. It took him a really long time to finish.
Bob got hired for his dream job. Bob wanted to perform well at his new job. Bob knew the job involved a lot of typing. Bob practiced his typing speed. Bob learned to type fast and impressed his new boss.
I was playing with my cousin. We were exploring around his backyard. The basement door had panels of old screen. I was trying to rip the screen loose from the old door. One of the corners popped free of the wood and split my lip.
Elizabeth was a kid in the third grade. One day, a boy taught her a slur. She didn't know what it meant and assumed that it was an insult. Later, when she was being picked on, she used the slur. She ended up getting into huge trouble.
Rick went to a conference in Las Vegas for work. He had always wanted to play poker in Las Vegas. Rick won second place in his first tournament. After 4 days Rick had won over two thousand dollars. Now Rick goes to Las Vegas on vacation whenever he can.
The man put on a Kevlar vest. He went to the mall. There was a mall shooting. They shot at the man with the vest. The vest stopped a bullet.
George is an introvert. He hates going outside or doing anything social. Today he has to meet some new people at work. He discovers an old friend of his at the work meeting. George is better with social situations and loves meeting people now.
John was traveling to New York state to visit his family. It was the day before Thanksgiving. On the highway about halfway there, his tire blew on his car. A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station. He got to his family in time and he was most thankful for the passerby.
On my tenth birthday, I found out the truth behind Santa Claus. I was devastated to hear that he did not exist! My parents told me that they put all the presents underneath the tree. Eventually, I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed. After getting over it, I was able to enjoy Christmas again!
Maria and her family were at the airport. Maria was scared to go on  plane for the first time. Her dad assured her that it was safe. As Maria boarded the plane she meant the captain. Maria was no longer afraid of flying as the captain was very nice.
Jake was playing in the sandbox. Suddenly another kid toddled over and hit him. Jake was stunned! But he bit his lip to keep from crying. He knew the child was too young to be blamed.
Blake spilled milk on the carpet. He refused to clean it up. After a week Blake noticed the carpet was smelly. He still ignored the problem. Blake finally cleaned it up after two months.
Lucy's boyfriend loved stuffed peppers. Lucy decided to make them for him as a surprise. She used her antique grandma's casserole dish. She prepared the peppers and placed them in the dish. Unfortunately, when she lifted the dish, the bottom fell out.
There was a little girl named Savannah who loved the beach. She really enjoyed looking for seashells and playing in the sand. What she wanted to do most was build sand castles. The next week Savannah went to the beach. She was finally able to build her sand castle.
My favorite food has always been pizza. One of my best times eating pizza was in New York. There they have really long and thin slices of pizza. The store was not a major pizza chain. I ate my pizza hungrily and happily, but never returned to that store.
Nicholas was excited for Christmas time. He dreamed of all the gifts he was doing to get. The weeks prior he talked excessively about what he wanted. Finally, Nicholas' mom pulled him aside. She reminded him Christmas was also about family and gratitude.
Joe hadn't gotten a lot of sleep the past few nights. He was extremely tired. Even coffee wasn't keeping him awake. Joe went straight home after work. He went to bed right after a shower.
I decided to play some French music. I liked it a lot. I had no idea what it was saying. But I was still intrigued. I wanted it again.
Ben wants to own his own home. He started saving money out of every paycheck for the down payment. He finds a reputable realtor to help him find a house. After a few months of looking, Ben selects the perfect home. Ben is able to buy his dream home.
Bev had baked a lovely turkey for her family's Thanksgiving dinner. Everyone was at the table waiting. She went into the kitchen to take the turkey into the dining room. Just as she turned the corner she saw her big dog running off with it. After she got it away from him, she made hamburgers for her family.
Tim decided to cook dinner. He never really cooked so decided to make pasta. He bought all the ingredients. He followed the directions on the package. Tim was happy dinner was a success.
The weather had finally cooled off. The family gathered around the fireplace. They loved lighting the first fire of the season! They huddled around it with some hot chocolate. It was a cozy, fun night!
One day at work, Bill saw a man with a shiny gold watch. Bill loved horology and was quite impressed with this men's timepiece. Bill found out that it was a specific model number and began to save. After five years, he had finally saved enough money to buy the watch. He went and found another watch he liked even better to buy himself.
Susan was out swimming with friends. They were at a local river. All of a sudden a large gush of water surged through. One of Susan's friend's was washed away. Her body was later discovered.
Ed and Don had been training together for a 5K. Ed bet a steak dinner that he would beat Don. On the day of the race they were neck in neck. Just yards from the finish line Don took off. He really wanted that free steak dinner!
My friend's son injured his knee this summer. He was a male cheerleader in college. He and his girlfriend still do gymnastics. His injury was so bad he needed surgery. He feels better now but still cannot do gymnastics.
Cory needed to make a call to a friend. However, he did not have a phone in the house. He went over to his next door neighbor. There he politely asked if he could use their phone. He was glad when they accepted his request.
Dan decided to change his own oil. He figured he would save a couple of bucks. After an hour of work and a big mess he still had to clean up. He decided after cleaning up that it wasn't worth it. Next time he just took it somewhere else with a coupon.
One day my mom and I went to the grocery store. While my mom was busy, I decided to climb into the cart. The cart fell over and landed on my wrist. I cried out in pain on the way to the doctor. The doctor told us that I broke my wrist.
I wanted to take a nap on my bed. I went downstairs and saw my dog sleeping in my bed. I felt bad to move him, so i slept on the floor. Then, when I was laying down, i felt something was wet on my face! I woke up to see my dog licking my face and wanting to play.
5 year old Lina had a crush on her friend Brendan. Her mom had told her about mistletoe, and Lina had created a plan. She was determined to kiss Brendan, and would use mistletoe to do it. But when she lured him under it and kissed him, he pushed her down. Lina was heartbroken, and disliked mistletoe for the rest of her life.
Betsy had a baby. She invited all her friends to see her new daughter. Everybody wanted to hold a baby. Lucy accidentally dropped a baby on the floor. Fortunately, nothing really happened.
Earlier this year, I went to a concert. The artist I went to see at the concert was Bassnectar. He performed a set with many songs from his new album. I really enjoyed the music he played. I had a great time at the concert!
Ashley had wanted to go to New York since she was a little girl. Her husband surprised her on her birthday with plane tickets! They packed their bags and took off that afternoon. They saw all the sights and had a great time. Ashley was very thankful for a thoughtful husband.
Walker enjoyed biking every day. He biked so much that his bike broke down. He had to get a lot of expensive repairs done. After the bike was repaired it was as good as new. Walker then biked with his friends as well.
Vladimir found that Claire was overemotional. He told her to take pills to help her condition. But Claire refused as she stated that her feelings were normal. To settle their dispute, they invited a friend. The argument was heated and the friend said they were overly emotional.
Hank was scared of house fires. So he put a fire extinguisher and smoke alarm in every room. His wife made him see a therapist however. And gradually, Hank removed most of the fire extinguishers and alarms. But when there really was a fire, he had no available extinguisher.
Jimmy took a taxi from the bar. He was inebriated and fell asleep in the car. When he arrived at his house he noticed his wallet was gone. The cab driver felt bad and let him have the ride for free. Jimmy called up the cab driver the next day to send him a tip.
Jeff needed a new hobby. He noticed there are a lot of beautiful birds in his neighborhood. Jeff decided he would research bird watching as a hobby. He bought binoculars and a book about birds. Jeff in enjoying his new hobby.
I like to feed ducks at the pond. I often bring pieces of bread with me. I've started bringing my grandson with me. He doesn't like feeding the ducks very much. The irony is that he plays a sim video game and feeds ducks in it.
Kerry had trouble in her history class. The dates and terms were hard for her to remember. Kerry made customized flash cards. She studied the the flash cards. Kerry managed to do decent on her exam.
Iva wanted to be an archer. She took archery lessons. Then she entered an archery contest. She took first place! Iva was officially an archer now!
He couldn't find all the screws. He looked everywhere for them. He decided they must have been left out. He then found them in the box. He laughed and said he read the directions wrong.
Gina had taken 30 minutes to calm down after a bad morning. She sat at her desk and began her math assignment. The door to the classroom opened. The annoying new boy who sat with her on the bus entered. Gina's mood soured when she realized he would be in her class.
Julie bought a cat today. She named her Lily. Lily was orange and fluffy. Julie was happy to finally have a pet of her own. Julie is excited to have Lily in her life.
Cleo always wanted to be a farmer. He had dreams of owning his own farm. He lived in the city with his woman. He decided to buy a pig to feel more country. Cleo was happy with his pig.
Jack had a smartphone and was also very generous. One day, Jack received a message on his phone. The message said to make a donation by texting a number. Jack made a $10 donation, but on his bill $500 was charged. Jack decided to make sure not to donate without research.
Twenty-four year old Sandra was deathly afraid of bees. She had avoided them her whole life. Consequently, she had never been bitten. One day, she noticed she had been stung, but it didn't even hurt. She felt silly for being so afraid for so long.
Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn's house. Lynn suggested they sneak to the park. They had almost gotten caught the first time. Amy didn't want to take the risk of being caught. Lynn ended up convincing her to break curfew and sneak out again.
Tim loved drinking beer. He mostly stuck to lights. His friends offered some high gravity beers. Tim drank them but didn't like the taste. He kept drinking light beer.
Jackie loved to play hide and go seek. She believed that she could do either role better than the other kids. Oftentimes, she did better! But she made one girl sad by boasting. Feeling bad, she purposely let herself get caught to lighten the mood.
Joe was driving his car on the highway. Suddenly a deer ran out in front of him. He swerved to miss the deer but there was another one. He swerved again, then he was past the deer. Joe felt jittery and happy that he missed the two deer.
Lydia's wi-fi was down, but she wasn't sure why. When she asked her parents, her dad said they hadn't paid the bill. Lydia looked through her wallet, but didn't have enough for the bill. She went next door to ask her friend to borrow money. He offered her his wi-fi password instead and she used his internet.
Evan was shopping downtown one day. He went into a store to buy something. As he approached the register, he realized something. His wallet was missing! Someone had picked Evan's pocket as he shopped downtown.
Alex went to the kitchen to have breakfast. He looked for his Spiderman bowl but couldn't' find it. He turned to see his sister eating out of it. Alex ran up and hit his sister. His mother put him on time out for an hour.
Kelly needed to go to the hardware store. She had to get equipment. When she got there she saw everything she needed. Finally when she bought it they were on sale. Kelly was happy to get it.
Beth was very in tune with her body. She felt some indigestion in her stomach. She decided to purchase medicine. She took the medicine. The medicine made her feel better.
Dave wanted to go to his favourite club. Unfortunately, the club recently had a few issues relating to patrons. The club's licence got taken away despite huge aversion. Now, a large group of dance music lovers are very angry at the mayor. Despite saying he'd help defend the venue, he said nothing.
Larry was always nervous around girls. Larry decided to become a more confident guy. Larry worked out and expanded his mind by reading more. Larry found a girl that he really liked. Now Larry and that girl are dating!
The family got around the table. They sung Happy Birthday to my baby nephew. Once he blew his birthday candles out, he sliced a piece of the cake. His little sister went to the front if the cake. She placed her head inside of it.
Josie took her dog to the vet. He was not feeling bad he just needed his checkup. The vet thought the dog was a little overweight and needed a diet. Josie figured she gives the dog too many treats with no exercise. After the visit she began to give less treats and walk the dog daily.
Tim began saving money in the sixth grade. He mowed lawns in the Summer and raked them in the Fall. Finally, in the tenth grade, Tim had saved up enough money. He took a sack of cash to his local car dealership. Tim drove away in a new car, which he bought outright on the spot.
Lucy was shopping for fabric. She had an idea of what she wanted her tote bag to look like. She narrowed down her choice to two fabrics. She would go with either polka dots, or puppies. She decided black and white polka dots would coordinate easier.
Jamie wanted a new phone. She kept asking her husband, but they didn't have enough money. One day, her husband said that they had enough. Jamie looked online. She chose one and ordered it.
Tommy and all his friends were going trick or treating. They were dressed in some great costumes. Tommy was dressed up as a ghost. They went to all the houses in the neighborhood that night. Tommy and his friends got a ton of candy and had a blast.
Tim had just bought a brand new farm  in the country. Using some of his remaining money he bought a big fence. Setting up the fence, he noticed there were goats on his property. He brought the gate around, and was going to keep them as pets. The next morning, the fence had been trampled down to the ground.
Paul painted the basket. He gave the basket as a gift. The gift was appreciated. Paul received a thank you card. Paul kept that card in a box.
Mark saw an old American flag waving in the distance. He noticed a tear in the flag and felt a calling to fix it. He went to the hardware store and purchased a sewing kit. The next day he asked the owner if he could repair it. Now the flag waves in the wind as if it was never torn.
Otto went outside to discover that his car had been stolen. Later that day he went to look for a new car to buy. Otto found a car that he really liked. The police called to tell Otto that they had found his old car. Otto was disappointed that he couldn't buy the new car.
Mark had just taken a test. He was nervous about his grade. He thought about it until he got his score the following week. He had gotten an A! Mark went out to celebrate.
He was very proud to take on the the task in front of him. Managing money was very hard for the young man. He spent more than he could afford, but had fun! Then when out of money had to wait in a great depression. Payday came and the cycle started once again.
Alyssa was feeling very out of shape. She decided that she needed to start working out. At first it was hard and she couldn't do much. Still, she kept working on it. Soon it became easier to work out.
Our safari included a hot-air balloon trip. We had to leave in the middle of the night for the morning trip. Crossing the Serengeti, our truck had a flat tire. We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared. The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time.
When I was baby dolls were one of my favorite toys. I loved pretending to be a mother. One time I took my doll to the park with me. When I got home I realized that I had left it at the park. My dad went to look for it but it was gone and I was super sad.
Opel had a bad reputation as being the evil baker. Kids had been making rumors about her for decades. Opel used to own a bakery. But all the kids convinced the town she used rats and bugs to cook. Opel keeps to herself now, selling her top selling cupcakes online.
Rachel was good at running. She challenged her friend Bob to a race. Bob agreed to the race. Rachel won the race. Bob congratulated Rachel on her win.
This year Bobby and his sister were riding a train! Their parents had arranged a ride in the mountains. They were only on the train a short time before it started go up. The mountain was so steep it seemed like it wouldn't make it. But it chugged along, making it all the way to the top.
Charles loved reading the news. He subscribed to the daily newspaper. He would read the local and national news each morning. Charles loved the routine of reading the paper. He felt more knowledgeable once he had done so.
The North family took a vacation to the Blue Ridge Mountains. The park rangers warned them to be bear aware. They kept their food locked in their car when they went hiking. When they returned from hiking, they saw food wrappers everywhere. A family of bears was snacking beneath their tattered convertible top.
The couple dined at a new steakhouse. THey each got huge cuts of meat. THey couldn't finish their steaks. They were happy until they saw the bill. It had cost $400!
Tim wanted a new computer. He heard it would be cheaper to build his own. He was afraid to try it out. Eventually Tim found plenty of up to date information online. He built one and it was surprisingly easy.
When I make pasta I always make my own sauce. I grab many tomatoes from my garden to cook with. Typically it takes me about a half hour to cook. When I am done I pour it over pasta. The taste is always delicious.
Tim was cooking dinner. All his knives were old and dull. Tim had tried to sharpen them to no avail. While cutting up vegetables he got so frustrated he stopped cooking. Tim instead went out to buy new knives.
Neil was visiting Switzerland. His first stop was Geneva. He saw the beautifully-designed, huge, fancy banks. The architecture was breathtaking! Neil decided that the Swiss were master designers.
John and Jim go to the mall. Jim wants a new jacket. John wants to go to the food court. They decide to go get Jim's jacket first. At the end of the day they are both very happy.
The strong winds were damaging houses around the neighborhoods. My family remained in the house for several hours. We didn't do much since the power was out from the hurricane. The weather toned down around three in the morning. A few hours later, the family got together for lunch.
Ben was hit by a stray bullet. A passerby rushed him to the hospital. There, the doctor removed the bullet. He bandaged Ben and then discharged him. Ben realized he was lucky to be alive!
Jane was nervous about her driving test. He had failed it once before. The instructor tried to help her relax. Jane was able to do well. She passed and got her license.
Kim and Eric were headed out to a fancy party one night. Upon arrival, Eric realized he had left his wallet in the car. As he went back to the car, he slipped on a patch of ice. As he fell, he felt something in his back pocket bump him. He had his wallet on him the entire time.
I just got an new puppy. I named it Isabell. I played with Isabell. We played toss the ball. I fed my new puppy a treat.
Tom was out with friends. His wife tried to call him due to an emergency. Tom forgot to charge his phone. His wife called one of his friends. They let him know about the emergency.
Jodie was a animal activist who helped animals in need. She would volunteer her hours and not expect a dime. When she found a toucan with half its beak gone she was put to tears. She personally gave her money to fund for his new beak. It was 3d printed and was a total success thanks to Jodie.
Lewis had always wanted to learn Italian. He decided to enroll in an Italian course at his local university. Although the classes were hard, Lewis studied a lot. Finally he began to learn some simple phrases. Lewis was happy to be learning Italian.
Bob stopped by the store to pick up dish detergent. While there, he started grabbing random items. Bob's entire cart was filled with groceries. Bob paid for his things and went home. Once home, he realized that he forgot the dish detergent.
Sam wanted to try to make jam. She picked plums from the orchard. She boiled them in the pot. She then did the canning. However, they did not turn out like mom's jam.
Karen's job requires long hours at work. She works upwards of 80 hours per week. Karen decides that she needs to relax and have some time off. She books a vacation to Mexico. Karen travels to Mexico and has a very relaxing vacation.
In the morning the singer would wake up everyday at 7 AM. He would eat his breakfast, workout then get ready for the show. At the show the singer would sing his heart out hoping to get noticed. After the show he goes back to the bus and goes to sleep. When the singer wakes up he follows his same routine.
Andrew bought himself a new white t shirt. He wore it to go out and eat. Him and his friends went to a BBQ place. Well eating ribs Andrew got some BBQ on his white shirt. Andrew went from being happy to being mad.
The crowd waited at the turtle nest, as the eggs would hatch soon. An egg began to crack open, and the crowd got very quiet. The crowd cleared a path for the baby turtle to enter the water. The turtle entered the water successfully and the crowd cheered. They then went back to wait for the next egg to hatch.
Dusty and Cody were exploring on their farm one day. They decided they wanted to  climb on top of a shed. When they got on the shed, they didn't see the electric wires. As they were climbing off, Dusty touched the electric wires and fell. Luckily, Dusty was fine but they never did it again.
Sebastian was walking near a pond. He greeted an old man and sat down next to him on a bench. They started to talk and the old man told him about his past. Sebastian was very interested and listened with glee. Two hours later, he shook the old man's hand and went home.
Tom had a job picking cherries. He climbed up the tree and picked the cherries. He put the cherries in his bag. Then he went to the next tree. By the end of the day, he had filled ten bags.
Mark said if Nancy mowed the lawn he would buy her a root beer float. Nancy mowed the lawn. When she finished Mark went to go get her a root beer float. When Mark returned he only had a empty cup. Mark said he got thirsty and drank the root beer float.
A man went to a store to look for work. The owner offered him the job of sign painter. The man began to paint beautiful signs for the store. For his work, the man was given 23 cents per sign. The man spent three cents on a new suit and put the rest away.
I was waiting in line forever yesterday. I was waiting at the coffee shop. People were taking forever. I was ready to just leave. Then finally I got to the front.
Our whole class was assigned an short paper for homework. I had completely forgotten about it when I left class. A couple of days later, one of my friends asked if I was done. I completely freaked out because I had forgotten about it. I had to stay up all night writing my paper.
Allie needed a case for her phone. She looked everywhere. All the cases were ugly. Finally she settled on a clear case. It was nice.
Igor's son wanted to know what happened to a body at death. He tried to think of a way to explain it. Igor took some of his sons legos and built a boat with them. He then tore it apart and put the legos with all the others. Igor told his son death was like that, but with atoms.
Mike's afraid that he will never lose the weight he put on in college. He decides the only way to lose weight is to get a gym membership. He goes to the gym each day and works as hard as he can. Gradually Mike begins to lose his extra college pounds. Now he's so happy he believed in himself.
Whitney and Alan were at the bar. They began playing a game of darts. She kept missing the board. She finally hit the bullseye. Alan still won the whole game.
Larry needed a job. Most of his bills were now overdue since his layoff. So far, all of his job hunting efforts hadn't paid off. This time, he spent hours researching the company and arrived early. Larry got a great job!
Jim enjoys sitting on his porch chewing on his days off. He has two days off coming up. Jim Can't wait for his days off he thinks about it at work. A co-worker asks him if he can cover his shift tomorrow? Jim says yes, he will have to wait another day for his day off.
Lucy had a Bluetooth. It normally worked. But then she had trouble today. She could not connect. It was disappointing.
My friends took a ferry to Nova Scotia. They went to tell people about Jesus. They said that the people had heard of God. But they had never heard about Jesus. Bad weather prevented a second trip there.
James wanted sweet tea. He decided to make a gallon. He forgot to add the sugar. He tried fixing his mistake. The sweet tea did not taste right.
When I was growing up I was a short kid. Everyone teased me a little about it. I wanted to feel like a tall person. I see all the tall people walking around. I envy them and wished to be taller.
Kelsey was hoping to get hired for a new job. Today was her interview. She tried to give the best impression that she could. At home, she waited for a call. Luckily, they soon called and offered her a job.
Kara was afraid of spiders. One night she was brushing her teeth. Then she saw a spider crawling on the sink! She rushed out of the bathroom and shrieked. Her dad hurriedly came in to take care of the spider.
Kaya drank quite heavily. Then she found that she was pregnant. She knew she had to stop drinking. It was hard, but she did it for her baby. Luckily, Kaya's baby was born completely healthy!
Lisa had never tried archery before. She was a newbie. So she decided to take a whack at it. On her first try she scored a bullseye. Everyone was impressed.
Dave's brother John was always so mean to Dave. He never let Dave play any games with John and his friends. One day Dave saw John getting chased by a dog. Dave stopped the dog and saved John. After that John was much nicer to Dave.
Scott had his friends and family over for Labor Day. He decided to cook hamburgers and hot dogs out on the grill. Scott accidentally let the hamburgers burn on the grill. Everyone had to eat hot dogs for Labor Day. Robbie's friends and family had a great time without hamburgers.
I had my license for 8 days when I got my first ticket. I was following a friend to go see 4th of July fireworks. My friend was doing 90 mph. He saw the cop before I did. I haven't been much of a speeder since that ticket.
One day the Smither family decided to go on vacation to Hawaii. First they boarded the plane. Then the plane took them to Hawaii. When they got off they went to their hotel. They were ready to have fun!
Max was disappointed when he didn't make the baseball team. His older brother Jack noticed how upset he was and offered to help. Jack was a star athlete and had a lot of valuable tips for Max. Max was a much better player the next time he tried out. He was chosen for the team and gave his brother a big hug.
Ajay wanted a new car. Unfortunately, he couldn't afford one. Luckily, the bank offered him a car loan. Ajay now had enough money. Ajay bought a new car.
Bill was hungry! He got some ham! He got some cheese! Then he got the biggest loaf of bread he ever saw! He made a huge sandwich and was full all day!
Ginny was washing the dishes. Suddenly, her ring fell off. It went straight down the disposal. Ginny tried to retrieve it with a fork. Luckily, she was able to catch it and bring it out of the disposal.
Oliver tried to be brave, but the new house unnerved him. At night, he heard muffled thumping downstairs that kept him awake. Steeling his courage, he crept down to the basement. He was surprised to see a stray dog had managed to get inside. The dog became his new pet and the house seemed a lot less scary.
Tom was a pool player. One day he tried to hustle some other players. They beat him up and broke his fingers. It took a long time for Tom to recover. He was never able to play pool again.
Billy liked to play games on his friends. He would always play practical jokes of them. But he didn't like them played on himself. But his friends decided to get back at him. They ended up getting his car covered in whipping cream.
Jase was finally old enough to sign up for football. His older brothers played. He was excited to get his pads and jersey. After weeks of practice it was time for his first game. He scored two touchdowns and had a great time.
One time I went fishing with my dad. We weren't catching anything exciting the whole time. Suddenly I had a yank on my line! I was very excited and reeled the fish in. We went home happy that day.
Darla had an intense fear of clowns. She wouldn't go to circuses or fairs or anyplace with clowns. Darla got a party invitation, so her mom checked for clowns. Darla's excitement at the party soon turned to terror. A clown was sent as a last-minute replacement to entertain.
Tom was driving around. He was hitting the gas too hard. After a while his engine gave out. Tom had to call a friend to pick him up. It took him months to get the car fixed.
Alex loved to play tricks on his sister. He bought a plastic spider at the store. He held it in his hands when he got home. Alex asked his sister if she wanted to see what he found outside. When she looked at his hands he threw the spider at her!
Pam had a very messy closet. It was messy she could never find the clothes she needed. Finally she decided to clean it out. A few hours later Pam had a clean organized closet. She felt very good about what she had done.
Michael was hooked on ping pong immediately. He realized it was a game of finesse and thinking. This is much different than the other sports he's played. Within a year, he was in a professional circuit. He now travels the world playing ping pong for a living.
Kariem loved chickens and wanted to raise his own for the eggs. He ordered him some hens and rooster to get started. When the chickens grew up, he saw he had more roosters than he needed. Later that spring, several  hens began to set and hatch off chicks. When it was all over, the hens had hatched even more roosters.
Lucy had been swimming for hours. It was getting dark and time to go home. She hadn't told her grandma she was going to the pool. All Lucy wanted was to go home and sleep. But she knew she better wait till she was dry, or get in trouble.
Joe wanted to play golf, but his wife wanted him to stay home. Sneakily, Joe lied to his wife and went anyway. He played a game of golf but started to feel guilty. He left early and stopped and bought flowers on his way home. He told his wife the truth and gave her the flowers and all was well.
Chuck was frustrated that his new pet dog would not behave. Chuck couldn't seem to teach the dog commands or get it to obey. Somebody suggested that Chuck bring the dog to an obedience trainer. That turned out to be an excellent idea. The dog now responds when told to come, sit, stay and lie down.
Abe wanted Mac n' Cheese for dinner. He set the milk and cheese on the counter while waiting on the pasta. As he drained the pasta, Abe's cats knocked over the milk carton. They happily lapped the milk up off the floor. Abe enjoyed his noodles with only cheese on top of them.
I wanted to go to Yosemite National Park. I decided to drive there. Along the way I saw a bear. I stopped to take pictures. Then I realized it was actually a deer.
I was in plays my entire young adult life. I wanted to become a big star. I practiced acting all the time. I was great on stage. But I never won any awards and gave up my dreams.
Fisher was my boss at the grocery store. He was a mean old man. He yelled at everyone constantly. We all talked about how much we despised him. We started rumors about him for revenge.
Sam's beard was growing too long. He didn't shave it for over a month. He decided to shave for his upcoming job interview. As he was shaving, he cut himself. Sam had to clean up the blood and bandage his face afterwards.
Bill pushed the stroller down the sidewalk. His daughter was giggling while she stared up at the sky. Bill became sad thinking about the value of simple pleasures. He stared up at the sky. He felt better as he started to smile.
Sam came home from the war, and something wasn't right. He spent day after day with his wife and son, and couldn't relax. At night, he woke himself screaming from nightmares. He finally went to see a therapist. Sam was slowly able to enjoy his life again.
Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain. He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela. Next, it was time to visit the church! Neil visited the holy spot of the ancient pilgrims. He blessed himself and prayed to God for a safe trip!
Tom was a computer engineer He typed at the computer all day. He began feeling pain in his wrists. He went to the doctor. He was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Maria was passing notes to her friend in class. The teacher saw her. Maria got sent to the principal's office. The principal called Maria's parents and told them what had happened. Maria's parents grounded her when she came home.
Tom was going out on a date. He went to meet her at the restaurant. She didn't show up for a while. Tom then realized he had his phone off. She had tried to text him several times.
I recently installed a new script on my computer. It helps me see what I've earned in a day. When it hits my goal, it dings loudly. I had to change the sound as it was annoying. I changed it to a cash register sound.
There was once a land stricken by drought. Worse yet,a greedy company was draining what meager reserves they had. The residents of the land pleaded with the company and the government. But no one listened, and their water continued to be stolen. Soon, those poor people may run out of water entirely.
Kayla could not wait to go shopping. She needed a new dress for the dance. When she got to the store, she found the perfect one. The downside was the dress was too much. Kayla ended up not buying her dream dress.
Debra is from the United Kingdom. She does not understand why Americans like snow cones. One day while vacationing in America, she tried a snow cone. It tasted very refreshing. She understands why snow cones are so beloved.
Sarah was proud that she was never late for anything. In fact, she annoyed her friends bragging that she'd never been late. At 12:00 on the dot she showed up at a restaurant to meet her friend. He looked very annoyed as she sat down. She was an hour late because time had changed the night before!
Joshua had a lot of pain in his arm. He decided to go to the hospital. The doctor took xrays. Eventually, the doctor stated that his arm was broken. After many months, Joshua had a good arm.
Deep in the woods of Montana was a bear. This bear was very angry as lumberjacks kept cutting down the forest. The angry bear found some lumberjacks and roared at them! The lumberjacks were scared and decided to go away for good. The bear saved his forest and was able to live happily ever after.
Jai had always wanted to ride a horse. For her sixteenth birthday, her dad bought her a horseback ride. She was so thrilled! She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her. Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever!
Clare hated babies. She knew she never wanted to be a mom. She was forced to take a home economics class in high school. She had to carry around a flour baby for two weeks. At the end of it she still hated babies and felt she wasted two weeks.
My son is a toddler. Sometimes he used to bite his friends at daycare. Daycare told us about him biting. I told my son to use his words instead of biting. He stopped biting his friends so much.
Donna's sister asked her to give a reading at her wedding. Donna rehearsed the reading, which came from a book, ahead of time. On the day of the wedding, Donna was nervous. As Donna stood in front of the small group, she felt less nervous. Donna gave the reading, and her sister complimented her afterward.
Len was at the racetrack. His boss had told him that a certain horse would win the race. Len bet several thousand dollars on the horse. The horse was slow and ended up getting last place. Len got very frustrated and went home.
Chanel went to dinner at her boyfriend Chad's for Thanksgiving. When she got there, his parents were really cold. Chanel sat through dinner uncomfortably. During after-dinner pictionary, Chanel began yelling at the parents. She got thrown out in the cold.
Emily is on a budget with both her time and money today. She could go to Food Lion, which provides very fast service. Or, she could go to Wal-Mart, which provides lower prices. Her budget on money is tighter than her budget on time. Emily decides to score some deals at Wal-Mart and do the self-checkout.
Karen was excited to go to her very first Lakers game. Karen walked into the stadium in awe with her family and sat down. She purchased a hot dog and some candy from the attendants and ate. The game was getting close and nerve racking. When the Lakers won, she jumped for joy.
Guy liked to surf. He went to the beach every day. He entered a surfing contest with friends. He came in second place and won a new board. His friends dubbed him the "Surf Dude."
My daughter recently announced her pregnancy to family and friends. Her cousin said she had a psychic feeling about this. We discounted this as that is what she always says. Then a friend claimed she had a dream about this. We laughed at all the psychics in the family.
My brother bought a salamander from the pet store. We were playing with it in his bedroom. We filled the moat of his castle greyskull up with water. We put the salamander in the water. It acted strangely, freaked out and died suddenly.
Joey had always wanted to be a doctor because he liked to help people. He did very well throughout high school and college. Eventually Joey went to medical school at a prestigious university. Joey studied hard to become a doctor. Joey was proud to earn his medical degree!
Albertson Mcalbertson was a disgruntled retail employee. He hated it when customers came up to him. His bosses noticed this one day, and gave him an ultimatum. Either Albertson had to fix his attitude, or he needed to quit. Albertson chose to quit by way of headbutting a customer.
Enid was desperate to get her loose tooth out. She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery. Finally she tied some dental floss around it. Her brother grabbed the other end and pulled. It popped out before she felt a thing.
My niece was riding on the trolley home one day. The driver said the train was expressing from Pleasant to Babcock. My niece was amazed, as Babcock follows Pleasant. The driver made the announcement as a joke, A few people got off the trolley.
We gathered for the office Christmas party. The office was good enough the cater the event. We sat and ate, enjoying each other's company. After dinner we drank then exchanged stories and presents. The night was a great time and everyone was happy.
It was the fourth of july and my friends and I gathered for a party. One of my friends was acting crazy and began to fight another friend. The other friend picked up my friend and slammed him on the ground. My friend screamed out as his leg was broken. Shortly after an ambulance showed up, and we all were uncomfortable.
Gina was going to write a speech on dolphins for class. Her friends were all discussing their speeches. Gina's friend Mary was also writing a speech on dolphins. Gina wasn't sure if she would stick with dolphins. She was concerned Mary's speech would be better than her's.
Amy was enrolled in no extracurricular activities. Her friend Beth begged her to try out for track with her. Amy was hesitant but agreed. She ran her hardest on the track that day. She was still surprised to see she had in fact made the team.
Bob was playing a friendly game of soccer with his friends. One of Bob's friends kicked him so hard in the shin. Bob had a large purple bump on his leg after the game. Bob went and saw his doctor to have it checked out. Bob did not have a fracture in his leg.
Tom was having dinner with family. His uncle started getting drunk. He became more racist the more he drank. Eventually he insulted everyone at the table. They asked him to leave.
Kelly bought a new sweater at the mall. She thought it looked great. However to her dismay, the sweater did not fit. When she took it home it was too small. Kelly was disappointed.
Amy's friend Ella was the twin of her crush Ray. After school Amy decided to call Ella. She tried not to ask about Ray. But as she heard his voice in background she couldn't help herself. Amy realized Ella was uncomfortable and changed the topic.
Tom bought a can of soda at a drive thru. He swerved to miss a raccoon on the road. The cup fell out of the cup holder. The cup fell onto the floor. Tom's drink stained his carpet.
Warren was brushing his teeth. Then his gums started bleeding. He rinsed his mouth out with water. Warren realized he needed to not brush so hard. He started lightly brushing instead.
I have been watching Dexter on Netflix. It is so good that I tried to explain it to my parents. I told them that it was about a serial killer. They didn't like that I was watching it and they deleted Netflix. Now I don't have anything to do during the days.
I went to the hardware store to buy some wood. I bought enough wood to build my own house. The wood had to be delivered by truck to my plot. I began to make walls with the biggest boards. After the walls were finished I put a roof on it and it was done.
Nino was sixteen and going to a club with his college buddies. He showed the bounder at the door his fake ID. But the bouncer scrutinized it, then turned Nino away! Nino was unable to join his friends inside the nightclub. Disappointed, he walked home alone.
Drew locked himself out of the house. All of his keys were inside. He called the locksmith for help. It took him two hours to come help. The locksmith opened the door and then charged him $300.
I was shopping at a grocery store. But I saw several things I didn't need to buy. I ended up buying cookies and pastries. And I ate all of them on the ride home. Feeling bad afterwards, I decided to only buy what I needed.
Sean was going out to pick up the mail. His wife asked if he could pick up some formula. At first, he said no, because it was out of his way. Later, he arrived home. In his hands, he had the formula for his wife, surprising her.
The actors sat around the table, reading. They were preparing for filming their movie. They all knew their lines and were anxious to put it all into action. The movie was well-received and made a lot of money at the box office. They started working on a sequel.
Betty and Rob went to visit a friend in the hospital. They didn't know which room the friend was in so they asked the nurse. The nurse directed them upstairs. The friend was glad to see Betty and Rob. They visited for an hour and then Betty and Rob left.
The teacher put a wood box in his classroom. During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture. The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box. The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box. After he stepped down, he told them the test was on Monday.
I wanted to get a job delivering papers. I talked to the local paper and they said not without a car. So I went to my neighbor who delivered them by car. She said that for every block I did she'd pay me half her rate. I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route.
Jim wanted to learn how to paint. So he bought painting supplies and a painting book. When he became better at painting, he took his canvas outside. And others watched him paint. And people admired his landscape paintings.
Christopher was behind on his electric bill. He called the electric company and asked for a payment scheme. The company wanted their money in three equal payments. Christopher agreed to the three equal payments. And now Christopher's electricity won't be shut off.
Mike went to a used book store to find a book to read. He picked a book of the shelf and paged through it. In the middle of the book was a $20 bill. Mike pocketed the money and went to pay for the book. He used the money to buy the book.
After taking a bath, I went to the living room. I took out several books and began studying. When I read a passage, my eyes started to close. An hour later, my sister woke me up. She told me to go to sleep.
Nick and his family were black and moved to a white neighborhood. Everyone seemed to avoid them and ignore them. Then one morning, Nick's dad found a burned-out cross on their lawn. He explained to Nick that some people were racist and cruel. Nick decided to copy his dad and forgive them, like God said.
I have a dog named lollipop. She is pregnant and nearly to gave birth. When the delivery time arrived,lollipop delivered four puppies. But one puppy is weak and unconscious. One puppy died and three were alive.
The hockey player was approaching the goalie. The goalie stood in the middle of the goal. The hockey player moved left, and then quickly to the right. The goalie ended up falling when the puck was moving. The puck ended up touching the goal.
While he was swimming one day, Jim saw something in the water. He wasn't sure what it was, but he knew it didn't belong. He dove underneath the surface. He pulled the object up to the surface. Jim discovered that the object was a bag of rubber clown noses.
We moved to Cambridge in 2013. We lived near a pond. I am disabled and cannot walk far. My wife walked down to the pond and took several photos. I printed and framed one to hang near my desk.
There once was a bus driver who was very punctual with his route. He would never let anyone on late, no matter who they were. Not even old ladies with groceries or people running late for work. It seemed that he was not very nice, however that's not true. He was very nice, it was a matter of ideology.
Kim's daughter loved legos. Kim encouraged her creativity. Unfortunately she was bad at cleaning up afterward. Kim often stepped on Lego bricks. The pain was worth the creativity.
Ed was trying to get bus fare home. He was only twenty cents short. He looked around and saw four bottles on the ground. He collected them and cashed them in at the store. Now Ed had enough money to get home!
Josh was hiking in the woods. He stepped away from the trail. Josh didn't watch where he was walking. He stepped in poison ivy. Josh got a horrible rash.
Zoe wanted to be her class president more than anything. She spent hours making fliers and posters promoting herself. She put up the papers all over her school for everyone to see. Everyone saw how great she was and voted for her. Zoe won the votes for class president.
Monica always wanted to become a big actress. Her latest audition was for a small film. It didn't have much of a budget of popularity. She still didn't get the part. It only encouraged her to try even harder.
The little boy brought his bike home. He was not wearing his helmet. The boy's mother yelled at him for not wearing his helmet. The boy cried and told his mother he walked his bike home. His mother felt terrible when she saw the helmet strap was broken.
Tami always wanted to be in a band. However, she's not very musically talented. Her friend was trying to put together a band for an event. She asked to be in the band, but was honest about her shortcomings. She ended up having a blast playing the tambourine.
Jerry went to Dairy queen to eat some ice cream. The cashier asked him what kind he would like. Jerry decided to pick the chocolate ice cream. Jerry thought that it tasted delicious and ate it as fast as he could. He regretted eating it so quick because he got a brain freeze.
Ally divorced Jim. She remarried two years later. She felt bad for her daughter. She took her daughter to the park. Ally said she was sorry for making it hard on her.
Jean went to a record store. She picked up several records. She brought the records to her house. The records weren't working on the player. The record player was broken.
It was Sunday so the man had to walk to work. He hated having to leave so early in the morning. Also, he had to walk through a part of town which was not the best. He saw somebody off in the distance, walking towards him. It was a little old woman so he felt some relief.
Haley didn't like fishing. She did like being in a boat though. One day she went fishing with her friends. A fish bit her line. She was the only one to catch anything that day.
James had always wanted to work with food. He researched different jobs in the field. James finally decided to become a waiter. He finds a job waiting tables at a small bistro. James is very pleased he found a job in the food industry.
The man toured fraternities. He picked one to join. The fraternity hazed him. He almost died. That made him feel even closer to his fraternity.
Roxanne thought she was brilliant and charming. She would feign interest in others by asking them many questions. However, she never gave them the opportunity to answer them. Instead, she would start telling a tale depicting her greatness. Her behavior made her unpopular.
Marcus had always worried that he would be single for life. He had wanted to meet a girlfriend but it never worked. One day Marcus met a nice girl at the grocery store. They started dating that week. Marcus was happy that he was no longer single.
Lea and Sean bought tickets to a painting class. They painted a picture of the Chicago skyline. Sean added fireworks to his picture. After the class, they went to a bar and had cocktails. It was one of their best dates.
Ginny was playing ball in the house. Her mom had told her not to. She bounced the ball into a vase. The vase broke into pieces. Ginny's mom grounded her.
Tom had a normal surgical procedure done. He was in a lot of pain afterward. For some reason it wouldn't go down. Tom went back to find out they botched his surgery. He had to get someone else to fix it.
My friend Andy was married in 1990. He and his wife wanted a baby. Sadly, she could not bear children. They went to an adoption agency. A year later they adopted a Russian girl.
The woman walked her dog. The dog went to the bathroom in the neighbor's yard. The woman picked up the mess in a bag. She left the bag on here route to grab on the way home. On her way home she forgot to pick up the bag.
Lisa had decided college wasn't for her. After a few Year's of low paying jobs, she decided to go school. She started with one night class to get reacclimated to school. It was a lot of work, but it built up her confidence. She was ready to go back full time the next semester.
Joe was very rich but very bored. One day, he received a postcard from Rome intended for his neighbor. He looked at the beautiful landscape and got an idea. The next day, he booked a plane and packed a bag. He then left his home and went on a vacation in Italy.
Bill and Mary decided it was time to paint the house. They went to the paint store to choose a color. Bill and Mary agreed on a pale blue shade. They spent the weekend painting the house. Bill and Mary felt very pleased about the new color.
Taylor went hunting over the weekend. He took home an elk. He prepared the meat. He made some stew that night. He shared it with his friend.
Jane needed new shoes. She had broken the heel off her favorite pair. She finally decided to go to the store to buy a pair. She found some cute black ones. Jane bought them and went home.
Bernie is running for president. His friend Hillary is also running for president. Hillary says mean things about Bernie on television. Bernie feels sad. Bernie becomes president after the election.
Francine's mom was having a baby. Francine was very excited for this new baby. However when the baby was born she noticed a change. This change was that she wasn't getting as much attention. Francine wished her sibling had never been born.
I was sick so I stayed home. I turned the tv on. Nothing good was on. I tried watching Judge Judy, but I couldn't. Daytime tv is horrible.
Ann wanted to redo her bedroom. She bought a new duvet first. It was a great turquoise color. Ann couldn't find anything that matched it. She regretted buying that duvet.
Bart wanted to play hide and seek with his sister. She was supposed to hide first. He counted to fifty and began searching. While searching, Bart's dad distracted him with popsicles. Bart's sister emerged an hour later, rather annoyed.
At a school election Bob was trying to be president. He stapled a $50 bill to his vote. Bill put it in the ballot box and winked at the counter. The next day the results were posted. Bill had won by 1 vote.
Tim was hungry. He didn't have any money for food. A friend got a sandwich for lunch. The friend offered to split it. Tom agreed and at it.
Jonah loved football and wanted to play it at school. But he'd never played and he didn't think he'd make the team. Still, he swallowed his fear and tried out for the team. After tryouts, he nervously went to check if he'd made the cut. And he was shocked to see his name on the list - as quarterback!
Kim was at work yesterday when she heard a customer yell to call 911. She quickly pulled out her phone and alerted 911 of the emergency. As they waited she offered assistance to the customer. She was relieved when the ambulance finally arrived. She later learned the customer was ok and had only fainted.
He had lost control of his focus. He sat staring at the computer screen. He yelled that he couldn't think. I laughed at him and he glared at me. He said he really just needed a nap.
Laura has been out of work. She applies for a part time job. She gets  call the next day for an interview. She goes to the interview dressed to impress. She nails the interview and gets the job.
John was in a bad neighborhood when he found a sick dog. He tried to comfort the dog, but the dog did not trust him. Despite this, he took the dog home. John fed the dog, walked the dog, and loved the dog. After a few days, the dog began to trust John.
Sarah wanted to go on a trip. Her husband did not think they could afford it. She looked online to find a good deal. She found a trip they could buy. Sarah and her husband went on their trip.
Janna was wandering in the store with her parents. She liked to play in the clothes. She would hide and jump out and scare her parents. Until one time she jumped out and couldn't find them. Janna was scared until her parents jumped out and scared her!
Mardi Gras was Tuesday this week. We did not really celebrate it. We had a simple dinner instead. We did not even have anything sweet. I ended up wearing some beads at night.
Mark was playing basketball with his friends. He jumped up high for a rebound, and grabbed the ball. As he landed, his foot positioned awkwardly on his friend's foot. He rolled his ankle and screamed. Mark had broken his ankle.
The principal made an announcement. The children listened. The children followed the principles instructions. The principle appreciated that. The principle gave the children an extra half hour for recess.
Amy had just arrived for her first day of junior high. She sat in her first period and tried to blend in. She realize all the other kids were doing the same. She realized they were all new to the school. Amy began to relax and enjoy her day.
Benny's car was about to come across a merged lane. As he turned, he turned the wheel into the other direction strongly. However, the wheel ended up locked in the process. As he was trying to unlock the wheel, the car flipped over. Luckily, Benny came out safe.
James liked to paint walls at night. He made beautiful landscapes around the town. People tried to figure out who the night painter was. But he always stayed in the shadows and stayed anonymous. Now his art is all over town, but no one still knows who he is.
James was getting ready to be married when he realized he had no ring. He called his best man to ask him if he had it. As he didn't, they both looked everywhere in James' apartment. When the wedding was about to start, James still had no ring. He had to ask for his mom's ring so he wouldn't look like a fool.
Dan had a math test coming up. Dan wasn't good at math so he was scared. He decided to hire a tutor. The tutor was excellent and helped Dan learn the material. Dan aced the test!
Ed and his friend Lou went sailing on Lou's boat. Ed thought sailing was easy and relaxing. He didn't realize he would have to help. He nearly fell out of the boat, tripping over all the lines. He realized sailing wasn't all fun.
Jenny started to prepare raw cookie dough. She stirred several ingredients in a batter and placed it in a pan. The cookies were heating for several minutes. However, she forgot to check the cookies after an hour. They turned into chard.
Mary notices someone following her home. She immediately goes of course. She hastily heads straight towards the police station. As she walks up the to the station she turns around. Mary is relieved that it is her husband trying to get her attention.
Jane's son went off to war. They tried to keep in touch often. One day he failed to call. A few days later Jane was informed he had been killed. Jane was distraught for a long time.
Stephan like to dress very well to impress his friends. To do so, he shopped in the best quality places on a popular street. He then dressed himself with care and went out with his friends. Except one day, he had no more clean clothes. He chose old clothes and felt foolish when he met his friends.
The woman caught her husband cheating on her. She filed for divorce. She asked the judge for most of the assets. The judge agreed. The man was broke and alone.
As a teenager I loved having sleepovers with my friends. Late one night, we were telling scary stories when we heard knocking. We were scared and woke my Mom up and we went to the door together. Cautiously she opened the door to discover a police officer. A neighbor called him after seeing our flashlights in the basement.
Jason had been really stressed out at work. He decided he needed a different kind of job. Jason applied for a job in a different field. He got the job. Jason was much happier at his new job.
One of my retired coworkers is a bus consultant. She is on a project to rebuild transit buses. She drove up to the rebuild site last week. She took a photo of a rebuilt bus headed back. I posted the photo on social media after obtaining permission.
Olivia had recently gotten married. Her husband and her had been enjoying the first few weeks of marriage. Unfortunately, they finally had their first fight. Olivia was really sad until she realized this was the first one. She lost her focus because she was happy about their milestone.
Alan is sitting at the bar. He is waiting for the woman of his dreams. Alan is sure she will arrive. A woman walks in and sits next to Alan. Alan wonders if this is the one he is waiting for.
Amy and Seth were laying on the grass looking up at the clouds. They were pointing out shapes to each other. After a while Seth pointed out a heart but Amy couldn't see it. He reached towards her to point her in the right direction. When he did she kissed him for the first time.
Gina's brother was walking up the street. He was leaving after a fight with his dad. His father was walking down the street behind him. He was calling the boy to come back and fight some more. It ended when their mother pulled their dad back in the house.
Tina made the best pies around. She decided to enter into a competition. When she got there she started cooking. She won the blue ribbon. Tina could not have been happier.
I was having problems sleeping and I had an Idea. I was going to start a boring hobby to help me fall asleep. I decided to crochet blankets as my new hobby. I loved this hobby and it helped me sleep in a way I did not expect. The blankets were so soft that they put me right to bed.
A tree started as a little seed. The seed began to grow. With sunlight, the seed got taller and taller. It began to sprout some branches. The tree had finally grown!
Inez took a trip to Guatemala. She took many beautiful photographs while she was there. When she got home, she had the photos made into slides. She invited friends over for a slideshow of her trip. All of Inez's friends politely declined the invitation.
Kelly was having a good sleep. To her dismay, Kelly was immediately woken up. The alarm was screeching. Kelly hit the snake button. She did not want to wake up yet.
The bathroom was really dirty. It was Marty's turn to clean it. Unfortunately he was on vacation this week. So I had to clean it instead. He'll just clean it when it's my turn.
David was having trouble sleeping at night. He went to his doctor to ask what to do. His doctor prescribed him some sleeping pills to take. David got the first good night of sleep he had in a long time. The next night, he took too many of them, and never woke up again.
At our discipleship school, one girl was talking about her past. She explained that when she was younger, she didn't want to preach. Upon hearing this, one of my friends made a song from the story. We got the drums and started singing the words of her story. It became very popular in the school and we performed it often.
The astronauts started their morning in the gym. After a work out, they cleaned up and headed to training. First they did some simulation testing. After theory classes, they had free time to de-stress themselves. By evening, most of the astronauts retired to the local pub.
Matt went to the library to take out a history book. While looking for I he browsed more history books. All the titles enticed Matt greatly. He could not resist taking out many more books. The librarian was impressed by the large stack he brought to her.
Max always used to say he wanted to be a pilot. He spent his whole childhood saying that! But that was because he loved a game called Pilot Wars. As he grew, he pinpointed his interest. He decided to design video games, not pilot ships!
Janie made a big camp fire. She roasted hot dogs over it. Then she made s'mores. The fire burned bright all night. Before bed, she poured water on it.
Pamela had a very big menu in front of her. She was very unsure on what to order. After her friends helped her, Pamela finally found something she liked. Then, Pamela returned the menu to the waiter. After that, Pamela enjoyed eating her steak.
Laurence loved loud music. Laurence constantly used headphones for his music. Laurence's doctor warned him about hearing loss from loud music. Laurence realized he needed to start turning his music volume up more. Laurence listens to quieter music now.
Lacy loved to dance. She wanted to be a ballerina growing up. Lacy had a huge recital, and she was scared. Her mother hugged her and comforted her. Lacy went out on stage and performed her heart out.
A troupe of Vikings entered the Target through the sliding glass door. They were wielding bladed weapons and covered in furs. The shoppers let loose a collective scream and ran. The Vikings, merely actors in a play, gracefully beckoned a cashier. She was happy to show them to the aisle with fruit punch and soda.
Jake was a very forgetful person. He forgot to turn the stove off. Nobody was in the house except for the dog. The dog began barking hysterically. Jake woke up just in time and turned the stove off.
Sam had been falling asleep in class. His teacher had a meeting with Sam's parents. Sam's parents set an earlier bed time for Sam. They made sure he was eating well. Sam became more alert in class.
Jena had a new boyfriend. Her father didn't like the young man. He warned the boy to stop seeing his daughter. Jenna's boyfriend stopped talking to her. Jena was distraught.
Kate was grocery shopping. Her favorite ice cream was on sale. But her new diet forbade ice cream. And she really wanted to stick to her new diet. At the last minute Kate decided to be good and skip the ice cream.
Me and my friend John decided on going for a road trip to California. As we prepared for our journey, we got to discussing what we'll do. He wanted to go to an amusement park, but I want to go to the beach. We decided we'll do both laughing to ourselves. We got in the car, and off we went, on an adventure to our vacation.
Yesterday was the first day of school. A bus passed my house after picking up some kids just up the street. Suddenly I saw a little boy running after the bus, trying to catch it. The bus driver did not see the boy, so he did not stop the bus. The boy stopped running, then started walking slowly down the street.
Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook. Emily was offended by this. She bought a cookbook. She followed one of the recipes as best as she could. Gavin changed his mind.
Trisha went to a very large high school. She wanted a way to make more friends. Trisha had a very special talent. When the yearly talent show approached she entered. Trisha won the talent show with her performance of a Beatles song.
Joe had a new barber. As he was getting his haircut, he was nervous. His barber was making a lot of mistakes. When Joe saw his hair, he was furious. After that Joe decided to cut his own hair.
Bev was startled by a spider on her monitor. When she looked closer, she saw it was only heavy dust. Bev went to the store to buy some glass cleaner and a microcloth. She sprayed her monitor until it was very wet. Bev vigorously scrubbed her screen until it was clean.
Timmy loved the feeling of finishing a good book. He always tried to experience it in calm, relative silence. One day he was nearing the end of The Grapes of Wrath. His parents kept bugging him. Eventually he hid in a closet to finish the text.
We were really thirsty after some shopping. So we stopped into a nearby Starbucks. I wasn't sure what I wanted. So I decided on an iced tea lemonade. It was delicious and refreshing.
Hilary was coming to switch spots. Jeff was the lifeguard in the chair. Jeff pointed to something in the water. Then he pushed her in. There was nothing in the water.
When Joan went to local ball games, she couldn't believe the fervor. Then, Joan's son tried out for the football team. Joan planned to sit quietly in the stands. Then, Joan's son somehow got ahold of the ball. Joan leapt to her feet and emitted a sound of unprecedented volume.
Jake bought his family a new trampoline. They were scared to bounce on it. Jake climbed on to it and jumped up and down. When they saw it was safe, his family joined him. Now Jake can't get them to stop, they're having so much fun.
Gina was a new girl on a private, elite college campus. She got invited to a costume party her first week there. Gina was excited, putting extra effort into her zombie look. When Gina arrived at the party she felt like an idiot. She had been pranked, as it wasn't a costume party!
Brad took a trip to Las Vegas in December. He flew on a plane to get there. He stayed in a hotel with an amusement park inside. He played the slots while he was there. He won five thousand dollars and came home the next day.
A man decided to break a world record. He contacted the record company. He decided to walk up an escalator for days. He did the task. He won the world record!
Neil was in Scotland, and he had a mission. He wanted to see the Loch Ness Monster! He sat on the shore of the lake for almost a full day. He saw boaters and swimmers galore. But he did not see any monster at all!
Ashton went to the store like he always had done on Mondays. This time was different and would change his life forever. While he was shopping, a thief robbed the store. Ashton confronted the thief, ashton was shot, but he survived. Ashton became a hero, and eventually became a cop.
A thunderstorm started outside. I tried to move  under a building in avoid being wet. However, a gust of wind occurred. A small post flew out. It knocked me out since it was moving.
Shannon's new movie was coming out in theaters. She invited her family to see it with her. They watched it. By the time it was over, everyone clapped. It was a great movie.
When my phone rang I just knew something was wrong. She, my best friend was crying. Someone had told her her boyfriend was cheating. I jumped in my car and flew over to be with her. She was so surprised and happy to see me.
Getting her ears pierced was a huge step for Kelly. She tried to act tough, but she had dreaded it for days. She knew it was the only way to get her sister's unwanted earrings. On piercing day she called us to lie about being sick, so we lied too. Being told that we were being given the earrings instead worked!
Allie was waiting for her cousins. She was at the airport. Then she realized she was in the wrong terminal. She had to cross the street. Then she saw them.
Ryan had a heart attack. He was kept in the hospital for days. They ran lots of tests on him. Then they said he was healthy again. Finally, Ryan could go home!
I went grocery shopping yesterday. I saw some gluten free muffins. I wanted to try them. They looked good. But I put them back when I saw they were seven dollars.
Carol was hesitant to use a computer. She was an older woman, and was sure it was too late for her to learn. But knowing computers would help with work. Carol asked her son for help, and was soon at her first lesson. Everything went well, and Carol became confident around computers.
Cheryl packed her suitcase. She boarded the airport transport van. When she checked in at the airport, she was upgraded to first class. Cheryl enjoyed watching a movie during the flight. Soon she was home for Christmas.
Sheila was on a hike with her friends. Suddenly, she felt faint. She collapsed and her friends surrounded her. They realized that she was dehydrated. Someone helped her go to the hospital.
Sandy was riding her bicycle. Since she couldn't find a trash can, she threw it on the ground. A police officer came close and stopped her. He pushed her on the ground. In addition, he took out his battering stick and knocked her out.
Tom was drunk on Facebook. He found a rude joke that made him laugh. He decided it to post it on his wall. Tom got into a lot of trouble with friends and family. He deleted it and apologized.
Hannah wanted a new pair of headphones. They were really expensive due to their brand name. So she saved for months. Finally she was excited to buy the headphones. She was disappointed at the quality upon them out.
Pat was visiting Japan for the first time ever. After the plane landed, he was walking around the city. Walking into a store, he saw it was a nice coffee shop. Ordering a latte, he took it and sat down at a table. Suddenly, two cats came up to him and sat on his lap.
Billy hates doing homework. His grades began to plummet. Billy's mom hired a tutor for her son. The tutor made learning fun for Billy. Billy now does his homework everyday.
My daughter played tee ball this year. She loved to swing the bat. One time she hit a ground ball up the middle. The other team piled on top of it while she ran the bases. It was a tee ball home run!
Becky's closet was very messy. She needed to have a major cleanout. Becky called her friends to come help. It took three hours to get everything done. Finally she felt better.
In my gifted class, we decided to do a performance. We wanted to do a rendition of High School Musical. We had to audition for the role of Gabriella and I really wanted it. Unfortunately I had really mean and determined competition. I practiced and practiced but we never actually performed.
Anthony went for a walk in the woods by his house. It was morning and he wanted some peace. He came across a small tent with 2 boys in it. The boys were abandoned. Anthony called the police and got help.
I purchased an expensive sofa from a high end furniture store. My credit card statement arrived and the store charged me for two. They apologized and said I would a credit would be on the next bill. They did credit me, but not for one, but for two! I called each month and after two Year's, they told me to keep it.
Tom went on a Hawaiian vacation. Tom wanted to swim with sea turtles. He paid for a boat trip out into the ocean. His tour guide got in the water with him. Tom successfully swam near three turtles that day.
Chelsea knew she did not want to be waitress the rest of her life. She went to college at night and worked during the day. Two years later, she got her degree and the job she wanted. After six months, she realized the corporate life was not for her. She is now a manager at the restaurant that she worked at before.
Bob was trying to get into shape. He really wanted to lose some weight in order to impress his wife. He jogged everyday after work. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lose any weight! Bob's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was.
I have a problem with things falling out of my pockets. It is even worse when I wear shorts and ride my motorcycle. The other night I wasn't thinking and rode my motorcycle with shorts. My wallet fell out somewhere on the ride. It was returned a few days later with all the money gone.
Every year at Christmas time I send holiday cards to strangers. I advertise my cards on an online forum to strangers. I take the time to insert a positive quote for people to smile at. I always make sure to put stickers on the envelope before it is sent. Once complete, I mail the cards and wait for them to arrive.
Andrew wanted to ask out a girl he liked. He had some friends help him with a plan. Andrew, along with his friends, sang an acapella song to her. The girl was a little embarrassed. She agreed to date Andrew.
Allie and her friends were watching a very funny show. All the sudden Allie laughed so hard. She laughed so hard, she spilled milk. It went all over her dress, She then had to clean it up.
Tommy wanted to play outside on a stormy day. Tommy looked out the window and it was raining. His parents did not want him to play outside because it was dangerous. The rain came down hard on the roof and flooded the driveway. Tommy was so bored with being indoors.
Jasper has had a difficult day at the office. He has just finished a big project for his boss. He returns home wanting to relax. Jasper watches a love movie at home to feel more relaxed. After the movie he feels much better about his tough day.
My brother and I went fishing early one morning. My brother begins catching fishes. I wasn't even getting a bite. Finally a big bass caught my hook and went swimming into deep water. One jerk from me, my line broke and my only fish got away.
Julia was at a swimming pool. She had been swimming all afternoon. Suddenly she realized that her necklace was gone. She dove underwater and searched the pool. Luckily, she found it soon enough.
Bonnie awoke excited! She remembered it was Christmas day. She jumped out of bed so she could go awaken her parents. They all went to the Christmas tree. Together they unwrapped their presents.
Michael wanted to lose weight. He joined the Weight Watchers program and attended weekly meetings. He counted points and ate lower calorie foods. He also exercised more. Michael lost two pounds in the first week.
Nina didn't like to fly at all. She was very afraid and didn't like the turbulence. As she had to fly often for work, she took pills to sleep. But one day, she forgot her pills and stayed awake during the flight. She was happy to see the sunset and learned to like flying.
Mal was always cleaning. She cleaned her home, her work everywhere until the mop broke. She needed a new one and asked her boss for another. Her boss didn't just get her another. He got her a dozen new mops, even one's for her house.
Rick's neighbors moved away. Weeks later, he saw the curtains in their house move. A little yellow cat poked his head through the curtains. The neighbors had left their pet behind. Rick opened a window, and took the little cat home.
Arthur was drunk every night. So his wife gave him an ultimatum one day. He had to choose between the bottle and her. When she came back from work, Arthur sat on the couch with a bottle. She packed her bags and left him alone with his drink.
Gina was at her local bank. She was awaiting a manager. He was to interview her for a job. But he was running late. After 20 minutes of waiting the manager was finally ready.
Bob listed his electric generator for sale on the community list. Someone expressed interest in buying it. Bob hadn't started it since the previous year. He went outside to his shed and tried to run it. Bob was happy when his generator started without any issues.
Jack asked his parents for permission to buy a goldfish. His parents said yes, if he took care of it himself. Jack promised he would feed the fish every day and clean its tank. Jack went to the pet store and chose the biggest goldfish they had. He took great care of his fish, just like his parents had told him to.
Angie met a guy named Matt. They started talking every day. Angie was crazy about Matt. They went on their first date. They learned they had so much in common.
Erin was at a cafe one day drinking coffee. He ordered cake and a server came to give it to him. Erin felt attracted to the server, so he asked her out. The server accepted and they went on a date after work. Erin and the server have been going out for a year now.
One day Jerry took a chance and ate some old food. He knew it might give him an upset stomach but he didn't care. But 30 minutes after his meal he had to run to the bathroom. Unfortunately for him there was no toilet paper and only a newspaper. So he used the newspaper in place of toilet paper.
I once lived on a farm with a pond. I lived in Northern North America so winter was cold. Every year the pond froze over. It was thick enough to skate on. But every year the pond would melt in spring.
Joel never felt comfortable singing in front of crowds. However, one day his coworkers decided to go to karaoke together. Joel told everyone that he wouldn't sing. However, one coworker convinced him to sing one song. Joel felt great finally singing in front of a crowd.
Margo had finished shopping. She needed to call a cab for home. Unfortunately, her phone was dead. She went to the help desk. There, they were able to call the cab for her.
I decided to fry some chicken. So, I bought all the necessary ingredients from the market. Alas, I did not realize I couldn't use olive oil to fry food. The olive oil reached its smoking point and burned. As a result, the chicken tasted terrible.
Tom wanted to surprise his little girl, Jenny. Tom got a big box and put a puppy in it. Tom put the box next to Jenny's bed. When Jenny woke up, she opened the box. Jenny squealed with delight to find her new puppy!
Jason is a man. Jason is bored of his little town. He decides to pack up his stuff and move to a big city. He moves to the big city. Jason loves his new city and spends the rest of his life there.
I was caught speeding in my sports car. The police officer gave me a ticket. I cursed at him and threw the ticket out the window. I decided to drive off into the distance. The policeman caught me and sent me to jail.
Sue was being bullied in school. She told her teacher as well as her mother. The bully got into trouble and got detention. After a day in detention he apologized to Sue for being mean. They became friends and he stopped bullying her.
Rocky is a small dog who loves to swim. One day he was running at the beach and playing in the water. Suddenly he saw a frisbee fly overhead. He chased the frisbee down the beach and into the water. He caught the frisbee and was very happy!
My friends and I were preparing to watch a meteor shower. We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard. While we waited for the meteors, we noticed clouds all over the sky. After a minute, it began to rain very hard and we all rain inside. It ended up raining all night, and we missed the meteor shower.
My family invited my uncle over for dinner. He has anger problems. We sat down to eat dinner. He made rude comments the entire time. We never invited him back again.
Rory really wanted a new bracelet. Unfortunately, the one she wanted was too expensive. She was sad. On their anniversary, her husband got her the bracelet she wanted. This made her very happy.
Evan signed up for a cooking class in school. He was a bad cook and wanted to improve. When he started, he could barely boil water. But the class taught him all kinds of cooking tricks. In a few months he could make seven-course meals!
Katie was planning her week. She wrote down all of her appointments on her calendar. Her month was looking very full! She decided to cut some of the things she had scheduled. Katie was determined to make her month run smoothly.
We have been watching the olympics on television. My daughter loves the gymnastics team. She has become a little obsessed. She runs around the house doing cartwheels now. I think I may sign her up for classes.
Hank decided that 12 was old enough to earn his own money. He got a paper route on Fridays and Saturdays. Before school, he had to wake up at 5 AM and ride his bike for miles. Hank realized that his hard work was teaching him character. And his paychecks weren't bad, either!
Tom found a coupon he wanted to use. He didn't realize it was so old. At the store the cashier refused to accept it. She stated it was already expired. Tom had to pay full price.
Jim was walking home. He lived in a flood warning area. It had been raining for days. Jim noticed the water in front of him seeming violent and high. He decided to go the long way instead.
I took my dog on a morning jog around the park. Some how he manage to break free from his leash. I ran as fast as I could after my dog, to try and catch him. He spotted another dog in the park and stopped to play with it. Feeling exhausted from my chase, I took Pugsy back home.
I wanted to make myself a delicious meatball sub. I got out the meatballs and began to cook them with the sauce. After that was done, I put the meatballs in the bread. Next, I topped the sandwich with provolone cheese. Lastly, I enjoyed my sandwich.
Will felt that his yard was too bare. Will went to a plant nursery and bought a young tree. Will planted that tree in his front yard. Will cared for the tree for many months afterward. Today, that tree is the tallest and strongest in the neighborhood.
Naomi had never won an award before. One day, she decided to try and win the local talent contest. She practiced singing every day for weeks until the contest. Everybody loved her performance! She won first place and was very proud of her award.
Joe finally saved up enough to buy a car. He looked online for used cars. He found a very good car. Joe bought the car. He loved his new car.
Kate always wanted to be a size zero. She dieted and worked out a lot. She never got close. Eventually her doctor forced her to stop. She kept going until she had to be hospitalized.
Doug was in horrible marriage to Robyn. Doug filed for divorce because he was unhappy. Robyn started dating a new man. Doug got the divorce and went out to celebrate. Robyn went out with her new boyfriend and he murdered her.
Tom was an amateur photographer. He loved taking pictures of the local mountain peak. He noticed his pictures were always slightly blurry. He then bought a high quality camera with a special zoom lens. Tom loved the clear pictures taken by his new camera.
He picked up the book with the intention of reading. His thoughts stopped him from opening the cover. He wondered if he were going to be expelled. Fearing a nervous breakdown, he got up and went outside. The sunlight reminded him that he would have to face the light of day.
My parents went to Disney World last month. They ride Space Mountain twenty times! Being tossed around in the ride made my dad sick. He felt so bad that they decided to come home early. Next time they visit Disney, he won't ride Space Mountain.
Noah was interested in becoming a pilot. He took classes to obtain his pilot's license. He then decided to get enough hours to fly commercially. After applying to several airlines, he got an interview. Noah ended up getting hired as a commercial pilot for Delta.
Kev had learned to swim the summer he turned eight. The next year, he went back to the pool, afraid! He thought he must have forgotten how to swim. But then he jumped in and saw it was just like riding a bike. Swimming was something you never forgot!
Today Murray went to the dog pound. He was looking for a certain kind of dog. Murray really wanted a beagle. Just as he thought he had seen all the dogs, he saw Chip. Murray instantly knew Chip was the beagle he wanted.
Micky wanted a bird. His mom thought it was a bad idea. He did extra chores around the house and kept his room clean. His mom still felt that it was a bad idea but gave in. Micky turned out to be very responsible for his new bird.
Tyler needed book covers for his new textbooks. He decided to make them himself. he folded newspaper and taped it into place. Then he decorated the covers with markers and stickers. Tyler loved his crafty homemade book covers!
The local pharmacy was having a jelly bean guessing contest. Whoever was the closest guessing the number of jelly beans won them. They also won a $100 shopping spree. Billy spent a hour looking at the jar before putting in his guess. Two days later he got a call that his guess of 2,323 was the winner!
Leslie is my boss and she is very good at her job. She is always pushing me to take on more and more. Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her. She simply tells me it's for my own good and she's making me stronger. I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice.
Gina was hiking in the woods. She tripped and landed on her stomach. As she started to get up, she noticed a rock that looked strange. She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil. Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle.
I love having pulled pork nachos at the game. This baseball stadium has the best version of them. They come out hot and fresh and they are great with jalapenos. It is one of my favorite parts about going to the game. While the game is good, the food is the best part.
Sam always wanted to win. He never got the chance until he was in his twenties. Sam decided to enter a taco eating competition. Surprisingly enough he actually won. Sam was excited for weeks after.
When I was a child I was scared of getting a vaccination. They teased me and told me they was going to use a huge needle. I was scared and I was crying. My mother dragged my out of the house by my hair to the car. Today I don't like anyone controlling me and I'm afraid of doctors.
Alice really wanted to learn how to do a backflip. She was very jealous that all her friends could do one. She looked at videos online to learn how to do a backflip. Now Alice can do a backflip. She can't wait to show her friends next weekend.
Charlie was walking home from school when he spotted a wallet. Charlie opened the wallet and seen money and a driver's license. Charlie ran home to show his parents. Charlie's parents called the person the wallet belonged to. The owner  came over for his wallet and gave Charlie a reward.
Yesterday, Mary wandered into the forest to collect butterflies. She spent 2 hours trying to find butterflies. As she looked for the butterflies, she came across a lost puppy. She found playing with the puppy to be very enjoyable. Mary decided to take the puppy home with her instead.
Dennis was a picky eater. He never wanted to try new foods and was vocal about it. One day, Dennis took a trip to Japan. There were no foods Dennis liked in Japan. As a result, Dennis had to learn not to be so picky about his food.
Carson's room was very dark. He got a lamp to put on the nightstand. It added great ambiance to the bedroom. Carson decided to put lamps in all his rooms. He loved the soft glow that they produced.
Sammy spent every christmas abroad. She did this because she didn't have lots of family. This christmas, she plans to take her parents with her. Her plan is to take them to Australia. She thinks they'll enjoy the sun more than the cold.
It was Nora's first day of high school. She feared she'd be targeted for pranks. But to her surprise, nobody picked on her at all. In fact, she made a few new friends! Nora decided she was going to like high school!
Charles liked his summer school class. They were studying market research. In a discussion, Charles had the wrong answer like other students. He argued that their answer was correct. The teacher, who is Chinese, kicked Charles out the class for the day.
Pat saw a hill in his backyard and hatched a plan. He dug into the hill to make a deep hole. He lined the sides of the hole with wood to make a room. Pat used this as his roots cellar for his food. He put a door on it and began to fill it with food.
I went to a department store today. I just wanted to try all the makeup that was there. The woman put a lot of things on my face. When I looked it was beautiful. I decided to buy numerous items.
Kim, an Asian girl, likes talking on her cell phone. While driving, she stopped in the middle of the street to talk. A cab crashed into her from the rear. She got out the car still talking on her cell phone. The officer at the scene said that was like driving drunk.
My wife bought a bag of frozen chicken and pasta last week. She cooked it tonight. It was very convenient. The bag said its contents served four. It barely fed the two of us.
I was walking down the hall and I stubbed my toe. It was bleeding all over the place. I wrapped it up and held it tight. I put an ice pack on to dull the pain. It stopped hurting about an hour later.
Chelsey loved being outdoors. She saw a big, beautiful mountain in the distance. She gathered her gear and headed towards it. She slowly started to climb the mountain. It took her ten hours to get to the top!
Mike and Sheila spent a day at the amusement park. Mike wanted to ride the new roller coaster. While in line, they were told the ride had broken. The announcer said they could continue to wait or come back. Mike and Sheila decided to leave and come back later that evening.
Barry wanted to learn to play a musical instrument. He liked sax music and started taking saxophone lessons. Try as he might, he couldn't really get the hang of it. His instructor suggested Barry try a different instrument. Barry switched to the piano and had a much better time.
I got mad at my brother one day after school. I was trying to jump on the trampoline, but he stuck his head under it. I jumped on it anyway, bouncing up and down on his head. He yelled for our mom to help him, but I didn't care. I was so tired of being bullied, it didn't matter anymore.
Mandy was walking to school in her favorite sneakers. She accidentally stepped in a puddle along the way. Because of the puddle her shoes were now sopping. All day her feet felt wet and cold. Finally at the end of the day she took her shoes off and warmed up.
Yesterday Kelly was making her favorite soup. To her dismay however she ended up spilling some on the floor. It took her awhile to mop it up. When she was done she let it dry. Kelly knew better next time not to spill.
After several days of procrastination, Kim began to study. She collected her books and notes first. In order to concentrate, she grabbed her things and went to a library. On her way in, she made sure to stop and grab coffee from the machine. One she had that, she set everything on the table and began to review.
Jack wanted to win his town's ping pong tournament. But he didn't practice at all. He was always told that he was the best. So he confidentially played without practice. But he ended up losing in the 2nd round.
It was time to confess to the truth that I had been averting. Distancing myself from what reality stands for, I found the courage. My wife was disappointed, but ultimately knew why I had done it. She said she would be supportive but not hands on. I was glad I finally told her about my fantasy football decisions.
Timmy was scared of jumping off the platform at the pool. He saw all his friends do it and he wanted to do it too. He mustered up his courage and climbed up to the top. He looked over the edge nervously. He jumped of the edge holding his nose.
Ava was exhausted. She'd run across the soccer field five times. She was training to be a better player. She sat down to rest for a bit. Then she got up and ran again!
Amy worked in the gift wrap department at Macy's. It was her first day and a coworker was training her. Amy watched as the coworker wrapped a package. She then duplicated what she saw. It made Amy nervous this was all the training she was to receive.
On April 11, the Boston Red Sox had their home opener. Our apartment building sponsored a party in the clubroom. They served popcorn and soda, and had the game on a big screen tv. Residents were urged to wear Red Sox gear and enter a raffle. I wore a Koji Uehara shirt and won two tickets in the raffle.
Jenny was a gambling addict. Her sister warned her not to go to the casino. Jenny went to the casino. Her sister found out she had gone to the casino. Jenny's sister was upset with her.
Sarah always dreamed of becoming a mother. Sarah and her husband decided to have kids. She got pregnant and was excited to meet her new baby. It turned out Sarah was expecting twins. Sarah's hands and heart and now full with children.
Aya saw peppers growing in her mom's garden. She picked one to eat it. But as she bit into it, her eyes widened. The pepper was extremely spicy! AYa realized she should've asked before eating!
Tony was the best high school quarterback in the nation. However, his arm broke after someone tackled him. They said his season was over. Tony practiced very hard while his arm healed. At the last game of the season, Tony was ready to play.
Tom wanted to put up a poster. He decided to use tape. It held the poster up for a short while. It then soon started to fall over. Tom decided to use thumb tacks instead.
Robert's dad was going on a business trip. Robert really wanted to go with but it wouldn't be free. He had to pay a lot of money to go with. Robert raised the money for the trip in the next week. Robert was excited to go with his dad, and his dad was excited too!
Michelle had a big test on Friday. She thought she studied hard all week for it. Her and a friend got together the night before to cram. Michelle was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book. They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard.
Sandy went to the mall to shop for a birthday gift. Sandy decided to purchase a sweater for the gift. Sandy asked an associate for some help picking a sweater. The store associate helped Sandy greatly in choosing the sweater. Sandy was pleased with the gift she picked out.
Tabitha and her friends wanted to see a movie. They had no money, so they snuck through a back door. In the middle of the movie, a man came in with a flashlight. He began scanning the audience and then pointed at the girls. They had been caught and were banned from the theater.
Today I played Spotify on my Kindle. I forgot to logout. I went to my desktop and played different music my Spotify. Halfway through, the desktop started playing the music on my Kindle. I had to log out of Spotify on my Kindle.
Johanna bent and heard a crunching sound. She winced when she saw her glasses under her foot. She had no money to replace them. So she couldn't see where she was going. The upside was that she could live in her own private world now.
I was riding my bike to a park. But it felt very far away. I thought about turning back. But in the end, it was worth the long ride. I stayed in the beautiful park for hours.
Bailey always wanted to have long hair. Bailey tried all sorts of hair growth treatments to grow her hair. However, none of those treatments worked effectively. Bailey decided the best way to have long hair is to get a weave. Bailey was pleased with her longer hair, even if it was not hers.
It was the game of a lifetime. Susie wanted to win the soccer game so badly. She wanted that trophy. Yet unfortunately she lost. Susie didn't know how to feel.
Anne likes to play sports and is very competitive. One day, she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey. Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous. Anne was playing roughly and caused an to fall and twist her ankle. Sally is no longer friends with Anne.
Frankie has been out of work. Frankie applies for a bunch of jobs. He finally gets an interview. He nails the interview. Frankie finally landed a job.
My sister was being unfair about sharing our car. I called my mom. My mom told me that she was being perfectly fair. My mom threatened to take our car back. We ended the phone call unpleasantly.
Miley had wanted to sing in the church choir. She was told there was no room for any new singers. Last Sunday she was asked to fill in for a week. Miley gladly accepted the invite. She now sings with choir every week.
Dan loved vanilla ice cream. Dan decided he would go to the ice cream shop for some. After arriving at the shop, Dan noticed a sign. The sign said that the store was out of vanilla ice cream. Dan was disappointed about the store not having vanilla ice cream.
Tanya decided to watch American Horror Story. All of her friends have been obsessed with the show. She's not a big fan of horror. After the first episode, she turned it off. Maybe she'll find something else to bond with her friends over.
Tom applied for a movie. He was chosen to be an extra. Tom wanted to stand out. He kept acting up in the background. Tom was fired from the set.
An inmate died at Waymart Correctional Facility in Pennsylvania. The inmate slipped and fell and hit his head on the floor. He began bleeding from his head and lay there for ten minutes. When medical arrived, the man was unresponsive. With no oxygen to his brain, the prison did not offer life support.
Susie had a band concert. She was nervous. All the sudden the power went out. The thunder was massive. Everyone was evacuated.
I thought it was interesting regarding Luke's lightsaber. Where did she find his saber? It makes the next movie that much more interesting. Because the audience will want to know where it came from. So I give credit to the writers for keeping people engaged.
The kids wanted a pet. The mom said they could have a gerbil. They brought him home and set up his house. They played with him all evening. They were so happy to finally have a pet!
Gina and her cousin were at her grandma's house. When her sister arrived she thought she had an ally. But she felt isolated, and rejected. As her sister and her cousin sat talking Gina slipped into the house. Instead of being with the girls, she helped her grandma make dinner.
My daughter introduced me to mTurk in 2015. I do mTurk every day, now. For my birthday she bought me a red fez. It was a gag gift, as Turks wore fezzes. I wear the fez on occasion.
Andy recalled the flourishing garden at his mother's house. Andy decided that he would start a garden in his yard. After gathering the supplies and seeds, Andy started digging. Andy was in the grove of digging, when his shovel hit a item. Andy was pleased to discover a safe buried with jewels in his yard.
The man filled a jug with water. He went hiking. He brought the jug with him. He left the jug in a spot with no water. Another thirsty hiker drank the water.
Libby took her daughter Freya to the park. Freya loved playing on the swings. She went down the big slide and bumped her knee. Libby made it all better with a kiss and a cuddle. Freya wasn't afraid and went straight back down the slide again!
Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment. She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar. Jessica met her and they started to talk about the night out. Jessica suggested that they go to a comedy show. The two of them left and went to the show.
Janet promised her son Bill that he would get to see Santa today. Bill hopped into the car excitedly. Janet drove to the mall and they walked inside at a quick pace. Bill spotted Santa sitting in the middle of the mall. Bill told Santa everything that he wanted for Christmas.
Fiona was driving home after a long day of errands. She was close when suddenly she ran out of gas. She tried her phone but found that it was also dead. Then she decided that home was pretty close. After an hour's walk she arrived home.
Kim always dreamed of going to Australia. She entered a magazine sweepstakes to win her dream trip. She was so surprised when she got a letter informing her that she won! She chose Australia as her destination. She flew to Sydney 3 months later.
Marty hated her varicose veins. She thought that they made her legs look like road maps. She went to the doctor to see what could be done. He recommended surgery, but Marty was afraid of surgery. She decided just to accept her hideously ugly legs.
Yvonne had her family over for Thanksgiving. After, she had a lot of leftovers. Yvonne knew she wasn't going to eat them. She brought the leftovers to a homeless shelter. The people there were grateful for her good deed.
Barry was obsessed with fantasy football for three years. He played the game instead of spending time with his family. A month ago, he missed his daughter's recital because he was playing. Barry's wife told him to choose between the game or his family. The first smart thing he did in three years was to quit that game.
Arielle loved cooking with her great-grandmother, Milly. Milly was a wonderful cook, and preferred old fashioned implements. But arthritis was beginning to interfere with her cooking. Arielle decided to buy a potato peeler, to make the process easier. Although Milly loved her old tools, she came to appreciate the peeler.
Tim fell while ice skating. He cut his face badly. He was afraid it would leave a nasty scar. But he tended the wound diligently. Luckily, it healed into a faint pink line.
Jerry was working on his car in his garage. He was performing a oil change on his car. He started working on his car without realizing he didn't have gloves. Oil got all over his hands and clothes. Jerry immediately changed out of his clothes after the oil change.
Angelo bought a pet for his daughter. It was an adorable little kitten. She loved to pet it and snuggle with it. Angelo didn't like cats but he was glad she was happy. He knew it was the perfect gift for her.
Garry was aware that his computer was getting old. One day, his computer wouldn't power on. Garry decided it was a good time to buy a new computer. He bought one at a local store. He is much happier with his newer computer.
John wanted to join the rugby team. He had been practicing for weeks. The tryouts were next week. He went to the tryouts fully prepared. He got a spot on the team.
The man made himself a hamburger at work. He ate the hamburger. His boss saw him eat it. The man was supposed to have paid for it. The man got in trouble.
Hank bought a new pet. It was a dog. Hank hoped he would be a good hunting dog. But the dog just wanted to lay on the couch! Hank loved him even though he was lazy.
April hated going to her internship because she hated her coworkers. One day she met a man who was the shoe-shiner in her building. They had a good conversation. She started to visit him while he was shining shoes. April decided her internship wasn't so bad because of the guy she met.
Sara had missed her period. She was excited for her doctor's appointment. She hoped she was pregnant! At her appointment, the doctor confirmed the good news. Sara was going to be a mom!
Sammy bought a number of illegal fireworks online. One evening he went out onto the roof of his house. He lit the fireworks one by one. His neighbors flocked outside to see what was the commotion. Soon the police showed up and Sammy's fun was over.
Ken bought a new suit. He wore it out one day to the bar. ONce there someone spilled a drink on him. It ruined the suit. Ken was upset and went home.
Jack is bored at home one day. He began to get some cravings. He took a trip down to the store. He decided to grab a few bags of chips and soda. Brad enjoyed his snacks back at home.
Gina never knew what time it was. Once, she was so late for school that she missed all of first period. She didn't even realize until she was sitting in the wrong class. Her teacher was upset with her. That's why, on her birthday, I'm getting her a watch.
Randy had a white shirt on. He was going to go on a date. They ate pasta. He proceeded to dirty his white shirt accidentally. They laughed about it.
Ed was a singer in a band. Ed was known to be moody and impulsive. One night at a club a microphone did not work to his satisfaction. The threw the microphone onto the stage and stormed out. Ed's band was banned from that club.
JD wonders what kind of pizza to get. He researches all his local deals. He finds a deal on a large pizza with free cheesy bread. He calls and places the order. When it arrives, JD pays the driver and eats his pizza.
Sam was bicycling one day. He hit a big rock by accident. The wheel of his bicycle was bent. Sam had to walk it back home. He eventually got it replaced.
Del wanted to visit Canada. He lived near the northern border of the continental US. He had lived there 20 Years without crossing the border. Del could not locate his passport. Del's trip to Canada was further postponed.
My son came home from school wanting to play a new game on his Ipod. He turned it on and waited to play. He waited and waited and waited some more. There was a major update being installed. My son had to do his homework while he waited for the Ipod to finish.
Amy and Beth had walked past Amy crushes house. Amy was secretly hoping to see him. When they didn't see anyone her hopes sunk. She decided to go home and parted ways with Beth. Amy felt the lowest she ever had in life.
Lizzy was sad that she hadn't been invited to Jill's party. All the other kids in her class were invited. The day before the party Jill asked her why she hadn't RSPV'd. Lizzy was invited but the invitation hadn't gotten to her. She told Jill she would be there.
Bob was sick of haggling for the price of his stuff. He was already getting into serious debt because of his move. He slashed prices against on what he had left. At this point, he figured he might as well give it away. Since Bob was about to be homeless, he couldn't use any of it anyway.
Jason had basketball practice after school. He snuck off after school to go see a movie with his girlfriend. Jason's coach knew he wasn't sick. Jason had to run extra drills at his next practice. Jason's coach made him sit the bench for missing practice.
Today I went to get a haircut. I was really nervous the hairdresser would mess up. I got there and she assured me everything was okay. She gave me a haircut. It was the best haircut ever.
Christy played sports every day. She was playing soccer one day. She made a great play to score a goal. She wore a ponytail. During the play her hair tie broke, and her pony tail came undone.
Caren was a smart woman. She had a doctorate degree in rocket ships and space math. She worked for NASA for a long time, but she thought it was boring. Caren decided to quit her job. Caren left her job and went traveling around the world.
Susie was about to get her first kiss. She liked her friend Fred a lot. Fred leaned in and kissed her. But Susie did not like it. It was gross to her.
Robert and his wife took a trip to Bermuda. They were at the beach one day when Robert was stung by a jellyfish. There wasn't anyone around to call for help. Robert remembered what he heard on the radio about jellyfish stings. He scraped the sting with a credit card to help stop the stinging.
Betsy bought a new wagon for her kids. They had a lot of fun riding in it to go to the library. She would pile books around them. When they got home, they'd spend all day reading. Then they'd load the wagon up again and go back!
Luke woke up one morning. He could not hear anything. Luckily, he was able to see a doctor. They cleaned his ears. Now he can hear again.
Rory took her infant to a family friendly restaurant. She went to change the baby and found there was no changing table! She complained to the waitress, who instructed her to go to her car. Rory wrote an angry email and contacted the business on Facebook. A few months later, a changing table was installed in the bathroom.
Tina just turned sixteen. Tina really wanted a car. Tina's mother decided to buy her a car. Tina got behind the wheel of the car and drove fast. Tina got in an accident and now the car is ruined!
Kara was on a diet. She had lost a lot of weight. Kara's waist was getting smaller. Her clothes weren't fitting anymore. Kara had to buy new clothes.
Tom was way behind at work. He needed more time to catch up. Unfortunately they didn't want to give any overtime. Tom tried his best to catch up but never could. He was eventually replaced.
Zach bought a piece of pie from the farm stand. He brought it home and was going to have it with vanilla ice cream. He opened the container and noticed some mold on the pie. He brought it back for a refund. He was no longer in the mood for pie after that.
Oscar and Frank accidentally broke their mother's favorite lamp. They talked about it agreeing to blame the parrot. When their mother walked into the living room the parrot spoke up. He told their mother about their plan. They tried to deny it but she knew the parrot never lied.
Theresa came home from a bonfire covered in mosquito bites. She was so itchy that she couldn't fall asleep. It was too late to drive to a store to buy something to help. She read that the inside of a banana peel helps stop the itch. After rubbing them with the peel, she was able to fall right asleep.
Tom wanted to impress his new girlfriend. Tom decided to take a cooking class. Tom learned how to make many delicious meals. Tom cooked for his girlfriend as a surprise one evening. His girlfriend loved the meal and was impressed.
Sam made a bet with his crush. Loser would have to buy the winner dinner. Sam knew he would lose the bet. He cared more about going out to dinner with his crush. The plan worked and Sam got his date.
Samantha had low self esteem. She tried to think of ways to combat it. She decided to enter a pageant. She got all dolled up and performed in her first pageant. She did so well, she received runner up.
My friend's band hosted an open mic night last week. Billy and I decided to go and support them. The bar was a really small place. We ended up having an amazing time listening to all the bands! The next day at work was awful because we stayed up way too late.
Tammy had a cat. It went by the door scratching to get out. Tammy tried to let it out. The cat decided not to. It repeated it four more times.
Steven was a new father. His wife had a better paying job so she went back to work. This left Steven as the stay at home parent. He loved it. He was able to build such a strong bond with his newborn son.
Jack was on a patrol outside base camp in Afghanistan. Suddenly a bullet zipped by his head, lodging in the wall behind him. Jack snapped down his night vision goggles, looking for the shooter. Jack found him crouching near the ground. Jack fired his rifle, killing the man who shot at him.
A man wanted to prove he was tough. He hiked up and down the tallest mountain. All his friends were excited to see him come home safe. They gave a tough man one more challenge. He had to eat a giant slice of celebration cake!
A group of Asian kids were walking out of a class. Jerry walked towards them. He asked them if they can help him out with Chinese. They looked at each other with a strange grin in their face. Of the kids told Jerry that he's not Chinese.
I took my three year old to buy new shoes. We went to seven stores before he found what he wanted. When we got outside he asked to put the new ones on. Once he was wearing them I asked him if he wanted to show his mom. He said no because he was afraid she might be jealous.
Kate was leaving the grocery store at night. She looked up and saw birds flying around. She wondered what birds flew at night. She was horrified when she realized they were bats. Kate ran the rest of the way to her car.
Grant was in big trouble. He kept mouthing off to his mom. She said he was grounded until he could have a better attitude. He missed his friend's party and a playdate. Grant promised to be more polite.
Will loved eating candy. Will never exercised. One day, Will developed a yeast infection. Will went to the doctor. The doctor told Will he had diabetes.
When I was fourteen, I saw Michigan's Governor. I was at the airport playing chess with the air traffic controller. He flew in to look at the State Park on a small jet. I didn't know he would be there and I was surprised. He looked just like he did on TV.
Randy enjoyed listening to jazz music. He also enjoyed watching stand up comedy. When he inherited some money he decided to open a nightclub. Randy's club featured both jazz music and comedy. Randy was disappointed that his club was not successful.
Grace wanted to look her very best on her wedding day. She spent three months eating healthy and exercising. She even bought a wedding dress two sizes smaller to wear. She planned on using the dresses size as her ideal weight loss goal. Grace was eventually able to wear the wedding dress.
Kelly took her sled to the top of the snow-covered hill in the park. She carefully laid on her belly on the sled. Slowly, she pushed herself over the crest of the hill. The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill. Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom.
Bob decided to visit his parents for Christmas. For Christmas dinner, Bob's parents laid out fine china. During dinner, Bob accidentally broke a fine china plate. Bob tried to say that he was sorry. His parents were angry and made him pay for the plate.
Jenna forgot to bring something to eat at work that day. She stopped at the sandwich shop to buy something new. When lunchtime arrived, she munched her sandwich. It had tofu and alfalfa in it and tasted foul. She threw it away and had to forego lunch.
Kelly's parents were away. So she decided to throw a party. She thought people would want to come. They did but it got too crazy. Kelley had to shut it down.
The Mormon people all traveled downtown. They were going to the temple. They loved worshiping there every Sunday. After the temple, they stood outside and took photos. They had a great afternoon together.
I tried weed for the first time at 17 in high school. It was me in a circle with about 6 people smoking. The blunt was terrible quality and I barely got high. I continued to try weed, and got better weed soon. I used to get high often, but still did well in my classes.
The taxi stopped at the front of my house. I came in to greet him and show him where I want to go. He took an unusually different route that I wasn't aware of. In addition, he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place. I was told that the school was on the other side, when it wasn't.
I backed up to an exaggerated distance. I said that she was always giving me a hard time. My friend told me that I was too close to a woman. She said that the woman was married. This was at a wedding.
Luke loved everything about Star Wars. He was so excited about the upcoming film. Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets. When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner. Luke had won VIP tickets to the private pre screening of the movie.
Allie was working part time after school. She was working at the local clothing store. Allie loved working there. However to her dismay, she saw that the store was closing. Allie was heartbroken.
Sam was getting into her bubble bath. After a long day, this felt perfect. While she was soaking, she watched a spider drop down from above her. It dropped straight into the bubbles. Sam screamed as she busted out of the tub.
Ike was trying to write poems. As he rejected each one, he crumpled it up. Then he threw it at the wastebasket in his corner. Soon he had a whole pile of papers near there. Ike was better at throwing paper than writing poems!
May had a 7 month old baby who woke up every night to eat. When May woke up the sun was out. She hadn't been awakened for a night feeding. May went into the baby's room to check on her. The baby was awake, smiling, and cooing.
Caleb had lived a good life when he was about to die. He separated his estate among his children. He also was generous with his staff. The only person he forgot was his wife. And she bitterly resented it many years after his death.
Alice never went to summer camp before. She never liked the idea of summer camp. She thought it would be better to relax at home. But after engaging in the activities, she loved it. She now wants to be a summer counselor when she gets older.
Alan was riding in a car with a friend. The friend was driving erratically. Alan realized his friend was drunk. Alan got out at the next stop. He called another friend to pick him up.
Cara spent a lot of time on her cell phone. She lost many friends due to her cell phone use. She often would read on her cell phone during trips out. One day, she dropped her cell phone and cracked the screen. She was depressed until she could save enough for a new phone.
I was leaving work one day. My boss said I should come to work right the next time. I asked her what she meant. She said to wash my shirt. I always had a clean shirt after that.
Mike woke up with a pain in his leg. His family was concerned about him and his pain. In the afternoon they drove to the hospital to see a doctor. The doctor told Mike he had a blood clot in his leg. He was prescribed medicine and sent home to recover.
Susie bought some wine. She decided she was going to drink it. She poured a glass. She saw that it was bad. It tasted horrible.
Bertha had a sudden inspirational idea for a music video. She'd sing in a water filled mansion. She bought garments and jewelry she thought would be perfect. Bertha hired a very famous director. She died during filming, because she didn't remember to learn to swim.
Dale is at his favorite bar having drinks While drinking a man comes up to him and tells him to leave. Dale ignores the man. The man pulls out a knife and tries to stab Dale. He misses Dale and Dale leaves the bar avoiding death!
Mia went outside to get a good tan. She put on some sun lotion and laid down. After an hour she turned over to get an even tan. When the sun went down she got up to inspect her tan. She had a slight burn but was tan nonetheless.
Jim did not have the best memory. A lot of his friends called him Forgetful Jim. One day, Jim received a phone call. He was sitting on the couch watching TV at the time. When he picked up, his friend asked him why he wasn't at the party.
Timmy just started kindergarten. He's nervous about meeting new people and making friends. Wednesday he met a girl named Jessie who asked to be his friend. Timmy had never made friends with a girl before but he agreed. Twelve years later, Timmy and Jesse finish school as best of friends.
Fred wanted to do marathons just like his dad did. However, he was not a big runner. So Fred started to slowly train for a marathon. A year later, he completed his first one. His dad was very proud of him.
Jimmy decided to support Trump for the election. He wore a Trump shirt to meet his girlfriend's parents. The parents were in shock as was his girlfriend. The girlfriend couldn't be with him if he supported Trump. They broke up because of political opinions.
Riley had applied to seven different colleges. There was only one she really wanted to go to, though. Every day she checked the mailbox to see if there was word yet. She heard back from six but not her first choice yet. Then finally the letter came saying she was accepted.
Samantha was always talking in class when she shouldn't be. Her teacher tried everything to make her stop. Finally she made her sit her desk right next to the teacher. Samantha was so embarrassed that she was finally quiet. She finally learned to stop talking in class.
Tim's friend always visited when it town. He always waited until the last minute to announce his arrival. Tim got annoyed by that after a while. Soon Tim stopped hanging out with the friend as much. Eventually the friend stopped inviting instead.
Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.
Tom's dad was away overseas in the army. Christmas was coming up. Tom's only wish was to see his dad. Tom's dad had been given special leave. He surprised them at home on Christmas day.
I decided to try doing jumping jacks for exercise. I started doing them first thing in the morning. I could only do twenty before I felt like I was dying. I eventually built my tolerance to about fifty per day. I started to lose a little weight because of it.
Julia decided she needed to update her hair. She went to a new salon. She picked out a new hairstyle. She was nervous but went for it anyway. She was so pleased with the final result.
Jeremy wanted to go fishing, but he did not own rods. His friend Michael owned several fishing rods. Jeremy called Michael and asked if he wanted to fish. Michael accepted Jeremy's offer to go fishing. Both of them had a great time at the lake fishing.
Victoria was a good student but lately she had been a bit rebellious. She fell in with a wrong crowd after school. One day she had some wine with them. Her father smelled it on her when she got home and intervened. She was grounded for a month and given a curfew.
Ted was a college student. He found a restaurant near campus he really liked. He ate there everyday. He loved the food very much. One day he looked down and was shocked to see a large belly.
When I was around fifteen years old i wanted flare leg pants. My parents couldn't afford to by many clothes. My parents provided for five sisters and seven brothers. My sister made me a pair of flare leg pants for my birthday. I wore those pants to school the next day happy and proud.
Kate always had a violent streak. She wanted to join a sport that expressed this. Unfortunately her options were limited. She joined roller derby without knowing how to skate. She learned fast and became a great player.
Jo hated salami. His friend told him to fry the salami to make it taste better. Jo was skeptical. But, he decided to try it. Jo loved the fried salami.
My nephew posted a FB photo of his son and dog. His 2 year old son was hugging the dog. He wrote they were best friends. My wife was babysitting once and saw the dog run from the boy. I take things on FB with a grain of salt.
Billy was always playing video games on his phone. He often walked without paying attention. One day when he playing and walking he fell. His phone flew out of his hand and smashed. He had to go without playing games until he could afford a new phone.
Tim went to a friends house. Tim went with his mom. His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house. Tim decided to clean up his own house. His mother was happy that she finally had a lovely house.
Marvin joined the military shortly after graduating from high school. At his first duty station he met Sarah, she was lovely. Shortly after meeting her she was sent overseas by the military. Marvin was very lonely for the entire time that she was away. Upon her return Marvin was elated and asked Sarah to marry him.
Greg ate a huge plate of pasta. When he got home he felt sick. He made himself vomit in the bathroom. Noodles got stuck in his nose. Greg promised himself never to eat pasta again.
I was at the mall last week. I noticed my friend's wife. She was with another man. When I told my friend he accused her of cheating. It turned out to be her cousin.
Tom's phone stopped working. He took it to the shop he got it from. They told him the screen was broken. A replacement would cost as much as a new phone. Tom got a new phone instead.
Jason has felt quite ill for the past week. It got fairly serious after the past few days. He had a high grade fever of 103. He went to the hospital and was admitted for two days! Long story short, he got the flu,always get your flu shots!
Rero Rero was an award winning novelist. He was invited to a late night talk show to speak about his new book. When he arrived, he got in a fight with one of the production staff. He was carted off to jail with a broken jaw, and the show was canceled. When the story broke, sales for Ringo's new book skyrocketed.
A country belonged to another under a monarchy. Eventually the Monarchy was overtaxing the country. The country felt it was so far away that they could govern themselves. The monarchy didn't like that so they went to battle with the country. Through will and Divine Providence the country won its independence.
Jim's grandmother needed him to take her to the doctor. Jim had to take time off from work to do so. His boss told him that he couldn't or risk termination. Jim's grandmother called his boss to complain. After careful consideration, his boss decided to allow Jim's time-off.
I found some glitter. I thought it was pretty. I poured it into the kinetic sand. I gave the sand to the kids. They loved the glittery new look.
I went to the website looking for information. I was hoping to buy a new tv. I looked at all the options they had available. I chose a model I liked. Afterward I realized I hadn't taken measurements yet.
Jordan was planning a ski trip. He was so excited. He had planned it a year in advance. Until his father got very sick. He decided to stay with his dad and missed the trip.
I can't seem to get any work done when pop music is playing. But when classical music is playing I seem to work like a machine. Last week I was listening to classical radio and flying through work. My boss changed the channel to a station with music that had lyrics. My work slowed to a sluggish pace and I couldn't focus at all.
Dan wanted to learn how to ballroom dance. Dan looked in the yellow pages for a qualified instructor. Dan scheduled an appointment with the instructor to visit the studio. After visiting, Dan decided that he would join the studio. Dan was excited that he was going to learn how to ballroom dance.
Donna wanted to remodel the kitchen. The appliances were old and outdated. She wanted more modern energy efficient appliances. Her husband thought it was a good idea. Donna got the new appliances and flooring.
A neighbor kept parking his car in front of our recycling bins. This prevented the city crew from picking up our recycling. We left a note on the car but the practice continued. One day, in a rage, my wife dumped our recycling bin on this car. This car then stopped parking in front of our recycling bins.
Tom went to the zoo with his friends. They saw an elephant riding exhibit. They wanted to ride the elephants. They rode elephants. They had a great time.
Robert was surprised that his parents bought him a new trampoline The trampoline was everything Robert hoped for. It was big and super bouncy. Robert invited all his friends to play on it. The trampoline was the best surprise present Robert was ever given.
Tom's power went out. He called to find out why. They told him he hadn't paid his bill. Tom hadn't realized that was the case. He paid it immediately and had the power restored.
Benjamin was in jail though he was innocent. Every night when the guards were not looking he dug a tiny hole. After many years the hole was enormous. Benjamin hid it behind a poster on the wall. One night after the hole was big enough, Benjamin escaped!
Susy wanted to run a race. She wanted to race her friend. The two raced on the track. Suzys friend won. So Suzy bought her lunch.
Papa Rios was a great old man. His family loved him dear. Papa Rios worked hard for many. He gave his all to everyone. When Papa Rios passed on, his family remained near.
Tom was writing a long essay for class. It had to have a minimum amount of words. After a lot of writing Tom was only halfway done. He then remembered that it was supposed to be double spaced. Tom had already hit the mark without knowing it.
Danny had longed for a motorbike all summer. His parents promised that he could have one if he used his own money. He mowed as many neighbors gardens as he possibly could. All the money he earned was saved up. In September, he rode to college on his new motorbike.
A sign on the side of the road proclaimed free scrap metal. Bob stopped his car to pick up the scrap. The pieces were very large so he struggled to get them in his car. After a lot of work, Bob only got one piece into his car. He decided to leave the rest for someone else.
Fred's old tennis racquet was broken. So he bought a brand new one. He decided to play tennis with his friend. But he got really angry. And Fred broke his new racquet.
The lab instructor introduced us to the class. He went over today's lab and safety rules. We began to work once he finished talking. Since the lab was straightforward, I finished within a hour. The experiment went well and I calmly drove home.
Marianne woke up and felt numb one one side of her body. Nervous, she looked on the Internet for the meaning of her sensation. As she didn't find anything conclusive, she went to a doctor. The doctor said the nerves got pinched during the night. And as he foresaw, the next day her body was back to normal.
Dannie was ridding his skate board downtown really fast. He was on his way home. He rode passed his parents car. He also passed by his house without notice. Dannie had to turn all the way back around.
Mary felt that schools did not teach foreign languages very well. She searched for a way to use foreign language in everyday life. Schools with total immersion programs sent her applications. Mary decided that her social life would still be in English. Mary moved to Europe on her aunt's invitation.
Police Detective Asha was trying to find a murderer. She interviewed the witnesses of the crime. She discussed the physical evidence with the science lab. She identified a suspect. She arrested the correct man.
Kim really hated her job. Her boss was always mean to her. One day, Kim decided to quit her job. She quickly found a new job where she was treated better. Kim is much happier now.
Ren turned on the lamp, but there was no power. He went to the panel to check the breakers. All the breakers were on. Ren was very perplexed. Then he noticed the cord wasn't plugged to the wall.
In 2005 I was doored while biking. A student opened the car door while I was biking. I landed in the middle of the street. A campus policeman was there to help me. I was shaken but not seriously injured.
Jamal and Darnell were friends who both grew up in the ghetto. Jamal started dealing drugs, while Darnell worked hard in school. Darnell got a scholarship to a big university and moved away. Years later, Jamal got killed in a drug deal gone wrong. In Jamal's memory, Darnell founded a support group in the ghetto.
Jane's eyes were unusually large. As she walked through the park, she attracted much attention. A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question. Jane knew the boy was just wanting to talk to her. Jane answered the boy and went on her way with a smile.
Brenda was driving down a country road one day. She saw a white object moving in the ditch. Brenda pulled her car to the side of the ditch. In the ditch was a small white kitten. Brenda took the kitten home for a pet.
Tom decided he needed a joke for his work presentation. He thought long and hard about the current jokes he knew. None of them were good, so he decided to look on the internet. After about an hour, he found one that he thought would be a hit. Tom told the joke at his presentation and received a lot of laughs.
Annette and I were like sisters. We walked home after school to her house every Friday. Two boys who lived nearby followed us and whistled every time. They frequently tried to talk to us and get us to go to their house. One day we did, but it was so creepy we left after half an hour.
For Halloween, Jesse and his friends went to a corn maze. Jesse figured it would be silly and geared toward little kids. But there were people in horrifying costumes standing among the rows. Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran. They ran fast to the end of the maze, completely out of breath.
Al hurried home from work early. His wife had called him, hysterically sobbing. She had lost her wedding ring down the drain! Al came home and took the pipe off the drain. There, he found the ring caught in the U-bend.
There was a power outage in the neighborhood due to the thunderstorm. Most of the citizens were escorted to a large shelter. They remained there for the entire day. On the bright side, many people communicated with each other. They also participated in several activities such as cooking.
I bought a used 4x4 in the winter. We had 28 inches of snow on the ground the day I bought it. I test drove the truck in four wheel drive. I drove it off the lot in four wheel drive. I didn't switch it out if four wheel drive for almost a month.
Allie found out there was going to be a bad storm. She made sure she could travel to be away. But when she got back everything was destroyed. She no longer had a home. Frantic, she had to go live with family until it was sorted out.
Jay walked home when a bully hit him from behind. The bully cut the laces off Jay's shoes and stole his money. Jay had trouble walking home without laces. When he was home he used twine to make new laces. Jay took some aspirin to numb the pain of the attack and slept.
Tom had a pet toad. He brought his toad over to Jimmy's house. Jimmy kept a pet snake in his room. Tom let his toad roam freely around Jimmy's house. Unfortunately, Jimmy's snake got to Tom's toad before he could.
Greg and Molly were going to have a new babysitter tonight. They spent all day talking about what they would do to annoy her. When she got to their house they were all ready to go. But she had bought a bag full of video games for them to play. They had so much fun they forgot about their plans.
Macy's mother made her wear a hat to school. The hat was to protect her from the cold. Macy thought the hat looked stupid. She took off the hat and didn't wear it. Macy got sick.
The boys joined a gang. They thought that made them special. Nobody else thought so. They became bullies in the town. People started thinking that they were special.
Sarah needed to go grocery shopping. But Sarah also wanted to take a nap. Sarah decided she needed to go grocery shopping first. Sarah went grocery shopping,  then returned to her home. Sarah decided to take a nap since she was done grocery shopping.
Kate wanted cake. And decided she would make one from scratch. She gathered all of the ingredients on the counter. Then she realized she had no idea how to make a cake from scratch. She decided to go online to find a recipe.
Tom was on a first date. He wanted to seem sophisticated. Tom took his date to a jazz club. The music was loud and annoying. Tom wasn't able to talk to his date.
Charles was one of the best rappers alive. He knew he was the best. He made hundreds of dollars selling his demo around town. By the time he was 41, Charles was homeless in a shelter. A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless?
Richard was playing pool with his friend Bob. It was Richard's turn. Richard went to strike the ball with his cue. He swung and hit the table instead. Richard's pool cue snapped in half after hitting the table.
Chloe was walking along on the sidewalk. She saw something shiny out of the corner of her eye. She stopped to see what the mysterious object was. She discovered that it was a shiny penny. She picked it up, and put it in her pocket, hoping for good luck.
I got a vase for Christmas last year. While moving this year, I tried my best to keep it safe. We finally settled in our new house. I pulled the vase out of the packing box. It had arrived safely!
Julia loved doing taxes. It was like a fun puzzle to her. Her dad suggested she got her degree in accounting. She spent four years towards the degree. She was so excited to start working as a professional tax assistant.
Amanda was the owner and barista of a struggling coffee shop. She was highly skilled but there were no customers coming in. One day a new customer bought a drink and was extremely impressed. The customer told all of her friends and coworkers about the shop. Amanda's shop soon became one of the most popular spots in town.
Roger had to wear a uniform to work. He hadn't done much laundry during the week. Roger woke up and went to change into his clothes. He didn't have any clean uniforms! Roger had to wear a dirty uniform to work.
Jeremy's mom began to pay him an allowance. He worked hard at his chores to earn the allowance every week. He decided to save his money until he had $100. He saved his money for ten weeks. His mother took him shopping at his favorite store.
Glen loved having butterflies in his yard. He decided to change his landscaping to attract more of them. Glen went to the garden shop and bought many flowers. He worked hard planting flowers around his home. The new flowers made Glen and the butterflies happy.
Tara watched a movie called Malcolm X. She learned that he copied out the entire dictionary. She decided to do that herself. Her English speaking skills improved dramatically. She became a very good english speaker.
Patty invited some friends over. They were going to drink tea and eat snacks. She bought new tea cups for the occasion. When she took them out of the box, they were all broken! Patty was very upset.
My nephew's first birthday was a huge event. Many people with toddlers were there. When it came time to cut the cake one was missing. We looked everywhere for her. She had crawled under a table and fell asleep.
Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle, preparing for what was to come. Everything was perfect. The weather, the location, the people, all perfect. Just before they got to the priest, a dog tackled Tabatha. Her perfect day was ruined.
Kate was laying out by the pool. She spread a beach towel out on the chair. She loved relaxing under the sun. The towel was warm and soft against her skin. Kate could lay on that towel forever.
Jack enjoys driving his new car. He enjoys it so much he drives it around for hours after work. The next day the car wouldn't start, he was very angry. He took the car to the shop, hoping they could fix it. The mechanic was able to fix it and quickly.
Will's cocker spaniel, Rocky was just 8 weeks old. Will put him out back to do his business and then turned the TV on. Stacy, Will's wife, came home early from work and found Will sleeping. Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too. When the thunderstorm woke them up Will remembered Rocky was out!
Susan was very ambitious. She really wanted that promotion at work. When the time came, she told all the faults of her coworkers. As a result, she was promoted. But now she has no friends.
Jeff was mowing his grandmother's grass. He was moving from the back yard to the front. He stepped around the mower to open a chain link gate. When he did so he accidentally stuck his foot under the mower. He lost about a half inch of his big toe but otherwise was ok.
Kia's parents sat her down on her tenth birthday. They told her they had some shocking news for her. Then they revealed that Kia was adopted! They feared she would react badly to the news. Thankfully, though, Kia took it very well.
I will be moving to Atlanta soon. I will be living with my parents to save money. I'm taking my cat with me. I think that she will do just fine there, as she meets my family. I'm very excited to go!
Ben was in class and really had to go to the bathroom. However, he could not get his teacher's attention. Ben therefore decided to sneak out to use the bathroom. In the hallway, a teacher asked where his hall pass was. Ben confessed he sneaked out of classed.d
The Vikings basketball team always has a halftime contest. John was picked to try and make a half court shot. He grabbed a basketball and threw it as hard as he could. He made the shot! John won one hundred dollars for making the shot.
The doctor told me I'm going to need surgery. I have never had any surgeries before. I don't know how it's going to go. My only hope is that it fixes my problem. Dad told me they will fix me up just fine.
My speaker box came through the mail. I immediately opened it and tried to set it up. When the music was playing from it, the quality was good. During the next day, it wasn't working. I had to send it back for a replacement.
My family took a trip to the coast. We got to see the Long Beach kite festival. I loved the fireworks on the beach. We got to visit family we had not seen in years. It was a great summer vacation.
Yesterday i got my selfie camera in the mail. I opened up immediately. When I opened it I immediately started using it. It was great. I then posted my photos onto social media.
I recently went hiking by myself for the first time. I was so proud of myself and having fun. Somehow I got off the path and got lost. I used my phone's GPS to find my way back onto one of the trails. I made it back successfully and felt accomplished.
Pam had been in good health all year. Her oldest daughter got the flu from school. Next, the youngest also got the flu. Pam quickly got her flu shot by the time the flu reached her husband. Pam received the flu shot too late as she also got the flu.
Pamela had a diary she wrote into every day. She would write about her secrets, fears, and other thoughts. One day Pamela caught her mom reading the diary. Pamela was angry and felt betrayed. Pamela's mother eventually apologized and they made up.
I love the sun. I would bathe in it for a few hours every day. I went to the doctor and he diagnosed me with skin cancer. Eventually, I beat the skin cancer. I realized I should spend less time in the sun.
Lucy's grandma had gotten her favorite ice cream. Lucy filled her bowl with the ice cream. She sat on the porch and ate on a warm summer day. She sat her bowl down and played with a neighbor's cat. When Lucy returned her ice cream was soup.
Tom was doing a construction project. He was getting supplies at Home Depot. He noticed a lot of people outside willing to help. They all offered to do it at cheap prices. Tom didn't realize it was illegal.
Lonnie kept presents for her children in the closet. She made sure that the closet was locked at all times. When her kids tried to break into it she could always tell. Instead of yelling she was amused at their attempts. Despite their efforts they always were surprised on their birthdays.
Kasey was making coffee in her kitchen late one night. Suddenly she heard something scurry by her. She searched the floor and discovered a mouse darting about. She shrieked and tried to chase it down to no avail. Instead, she set a few traps before returning to bed.
I was applying to graduate school. I decided to lie on my application. The admission committee found out I lied. They withdrew my application. I realized that it would have been better to tell the truth.
Irene dreamed about writing her own book. She found the time to write after she was diagnosed with cancer. She wrote down all of her experiences, hopes, and fears. She sent the book to many different publishers. She fulfilled her dream when a publisher agreed publish it.
Jane went into the tunnel. It was quite dark and she got a bit turned around. She started to grope along the walls to find her way. Halfway through, she started to see the light at the other end. Jane finally stepped out of the tunnel into the light with relief.
Jim love the new puppy his mother bought him. Jane thought at 10 he was responsible enough. After 3 weeks Jane arrived home to see the back gate open. She called to the puppy but he was nowhere around. Jim cried when she told him the puppy ran away.
Dale drove his car faster than he should have. His excess speed attracted the attention of the police. It would have been smart to pull over, but he wasn't smart. The chase lasted for twenty minutes. In the end, the police used spike-strips to flatten Dale's tires.
Sally got a job at the local pharmacy. Her new boss and coworkers were very hard on her. The job stressed her out. Sally was miserable. Sally quit her job.
Computers were always Manny's favorite electronics. He learned all he could about them. Throughout the Year's he became really good at fixing them. Because of his natural talent he was offered a job opportunity. He is now the head of the IT department for a national company.
Ken was about to win the bowling tournament. He just needed five more pins. He had two more chances. The first one went right into the gutter. The second was a strike and he won!
When I was a teenager, I took a trip to visit family in England. My Aunt took me to a historic town with lots of farmland. I saw a friendly-looking goat, and wanted my picture taken with it. I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures. There was only one keeper, but I made it my Facebook photo!
Jack beat the record of the man who could eat the most in one day. He was very proud of his achievement. Until the signs started to happen. He was rushed to the hospital so they could pump his stomach. And he became the first man to have the most food pumped out of him.
My mom wanted to go to the state fair with me. She wasn't sure if she'd get the time off from work so she was upset. When her schedule came out she was happy to see that she got it off! She also wanted to go with my girlfriend and me but that can't work. She decided to just go to the state fair with me instead!
Kina wanted to have an epidural during her labor. To get the epidural she needed an iv put in her arm. Kina's veins were small and kept rolling. It took 12 attempts and 5 nurses to get her i've done. Kina's arms were very sore the next day.
Kenny's dad announced that it was bath time for Kenny. He helped Kenny get undressed first. Kenny jumped into the tub full of water after his clothes were off. His dad helped him get clean before he got to play with bath toys. Kenny's dad helped Kenny dry off after he was finished bathing.
I worked at a restaurant in Colorado when I was young. There were bears in the woods right outside the restaurant. Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch. A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door. He immediately came back in and was more careful next time.
Miranda was cooking a cake for her sister when she smelled smoke. To her shock, she looked inside the oven and saw ashes on the inside. Miranda immediately called the fire department for them to clean up. The firemen came right away and saved the day. To her delight, the kitchen was unscathed and Miranda was okay.
I stopped my car at a parking lot in a park. I heard a loud crash as I walked away. Everyone in the area looked at my car. The car that had hit mine sped off. I called the police and reported the accident.
Kay and Mike have been married for a decade. They really want kids but have been unable to do so. They tried many different methods and treatments, but to no avail. But yesterday, Mike came home from work and was met with some news. Kay was finally pregnant!
Jim wanted to go on a trivia game show to win money. He studied from the encyclopedia for weeks. Jim went to an audition to take a test. He got every question but one correct. The producer told him he was going to be on the show.
Bristol was out partying late Sunday night. The next morning Bristol's Alarm goes off. She doesn't hear it and stays asleep. Bristol finally awakens. She is an hour late for work!
Tommy felt very sick before school one day. He did not tell his mother, because he did not want to stay home. It was Valentine's Day, and he did not want to miss the party. At school, he was sick in the classroom and was sent home. He would have been better off staying home in the first place.
Beth's grandfather was in the hospital. She went to visit him. When she got bored she went to the gift shop. Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar. The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile.
Linah worked at Starbucks. She was expecting her first child. Linah didn't mind working while pregnant. Once the baby was born she wanted to be a stay at home mother. She quit her job and her husband picked up another job.
All the kids were excited. Summer vacation was about to start. In Miss Smith's last period class the kids had a countdown. One minute before the bell ring they all started counting out loud. Everyone cheered when they got to zero!
There was a storm looming. Ken was out of food. He decided to go get bread. Unfortunately the store was already cleaned out. Ken had to settle for noodles.
Bob had stacked twelve cinder blocks near his driveway. They sat for weeks and crushed all the grass under them. Bob got tired of seeing them there. He offered the cinder blocks to a friend. Bob delivered them to her house when she accepted the offer.
Ray started feeling shaky whenever he ate dessert. He went to the doctor, and got a blood test. The doctor told him that he had type 2 diabetes. Ray didn't want to take insulin, so he worked on diet and exercise. 12 months later, Ray's diabetes was managed entirely by diet.
My uncle decided to set up some fireworks outside. He set it on fire with a match and several lights sparks. After a few seconds, something landed on my head. I found out that it was burnt pieces of the fireworks. I immediately went inside.
Thomas a depressed man who enjoyed to drive around every day. He would often drive too far away places just for the sake of driving. One day while driving he was pulled over by the police for speeding. They arrested him because they found out he was an illegal alien. They deported him to Mexico where he is now more depressed than ever.
Mike was in love with Laura. She did not know about it. Mike was shy to ask her out. One day he found courage and invited her for a dinner. She agreed.
Chelsea loves pandas. Her parents took her to the zoo. Chelsea looked for the pandas all around the zoo. A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas. Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day.
Rachel and her friends went camping. They set up their tent in a clearing. After the tent was ready, they started building a fire. Soon the fire was quite strong. Rachel and her friends sat around the fire telling stories.
The creature hid in fear. Some time passed. The creature poked it's head out. A predator grabbed the creature's head with it's teeth. The creature was ate for lunch.
Gina and her friend were playing spades with her siblings. And Gina was losing miserably. She decided she couldn't take another beating. She decided to try and change to another card game. But Gina was the only one who wanted to change the game.
Marissa dreamed of being an Olympian. She practiced fencing every day. She got the attention of a club. So she rose in the ranks. And she finally made it to the Olympics.
Anna and her siblings wanted ice cream. It was a hot summer day and ice cream would cool them off. Their mom couldn't afford ice cream, but she had a solution. She froze juice in ice cube trays and made ice pops. The children loved the inexpensive treats!
Gina wanted to watch the new Sci-Fi channel. Her sister and brother did not. Gina had been watching their shows all day. They decided to vote, and Gina was outnumbered. She decided to go outside instead.
Tim was amazing at Fifa. Tim beat all of his friends at Fifa. One day Carter tried to beat Tim. The match between them was tough but Tim won. Carter never played Fifa again.
Jason has a very energetic dog. So normally he takes his dog for a walk everyday. Today he was not able to walk his dog before going into work. Once he returned he found his dog had made a mess in the living room. Jason resolved to walk his dog everyday from then on.
Sal took out all his money from the bank. He gave it to a stock broker to invest. The broker put all the money in a risky stock. Two months later the stock doubled in price. Sal sold his shares and collected his money.
James tried to sign up for an account with U-Haul. He followed the instructions on their website. Their system kept giving him an error. James realized it didn't like him using a period in his password. He wondered if there could be an SQL injection attack waiting there.
Tim got a new computer. It costed him 3 of his paychecks. Tim was broke afterwards. Tim decided to write paid articles on the computer. The computer ended up paying for itself.
Some explosives experts were on break in the testing field. They were eating lunch next to a large bust made of ballistics gel. One of them was bored and started punching the bust. The other expert also began punching the gel. They later joked about how difficult life must be as a bust of gel.
Carrie had just gotten engaged. She couldn't wait to tell all her friends. She immediately went and told her friends. Carrie's friend Tina was not impressed. Tina told Carrie she was also proposed to.
The family was very rich. They had a butler. He took care of everything around their house. The family never had to lift a finger! They couldn't remember life before they hired him.
Amy's crush Ray invited her to a movie. She thought he was asking her on a date. Ray clarified it was a group outing. Amy's ego was a little deflated. In the she decided the group outing was better than nothing.
Bev liked to read scary books. Her friend told her about a really creepy book. Bev went to the library and checked out the book. Bev was terrified. She couldn't sleep that night.
Thea wanted to support her kids by selling things she grew. But her fruits never flourished and her vegetables were small. She racked her brains to come up with a solution. Then she thought of a new idea: she could make homemade tea. Thea's tea leaves became highly sought after by the whole county!
Ben had a new kite. Sam had a new kite as well. Sam's kite flew and Ben's didn't. Sam felt bad. Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy.
On Sunday, Michael saw that his wife, Lydia, looked especially tired. He decided to give his wife a break. So, he took the kids to a museum. While the rest of the family was away, Lydia was able to take a nap. When Michael and the kids returned, Lydia looked more rested.
Sarah needed a laptop for school. But she couldn't afford one. She saw someone selling one on the street. And she bought it for $20. But it only worked if it was plugged into an outlet.
Tom went to an improvisational show. Tom enjoyed the show immensely. He decided to take improvisation classes. Tom became very good at improvisation. Tom started performing in shows within a month of starting classes.
Susan was invited to a Halloween party. She planned her costume for weeks. The day of the party, Susan donned her costume. Everyone loved Susan's costume. Susan won first place in the costume contest.
Roxy and Sam had everything they needed to make a huge sand castle. They spent the morning talking about their design. After lunch they started construction. By evening, everyone was gathered around their masterpiece. It was the biggest sand castle they had ever built.
Jim bought a new telescope from a science shop. He mostly used it to look at the moon and planets. He decided to hunt for a glimpse of a satellite. He could never quite get one visibly in his lens. Then one day a satellite was crashing, and resembled a shooting star.
Gina heard a song she liked, but didn't know the artist. She knew one person who might know. He told her the name of the track, and the artist. Gina was ecstatic. She went to Sam Goody and purchased the tape.
When I was a little girl I loved Elmo. I would watch him on tv everyday. Christmas was coming and I wanted a tickle me Elmo doll. Christmas morning came and I received the Elmo doll I wanted. I couldn't thank my parents enough for getting it for me.
I was trying to read the instructions for setting up the bed. Diana kept begging me to start immediately. I ignored her and kept reading. She decided to grab pieces to put them together. However, she ended up connecting everything the wrong way.
My aunt took me to this brand new restaurant that opened up. The waiter offered us a special deal for that particular day. We ordered it and waited several minutes. The server placed three dinner and two dessert plates on our table. We immediately began eating.
Jeff was very upset. His baby sister was wearing a Batman shirt, but Batman was for boys. He told his mom that she needed to change the baby into girl clothes. His mom told him both boys and girls liked superheroes. Jeff was very happy with this explanation.
Ross was lacking a family home life. His family was always gone and busy with their own lives. Ross was looking for people to call his family. He joined a gang and in the beginning he felt loved. After a little bit he realized it was a bad decision he had made.
Alex and Kiley were hanging out one weekend. They decided to watch a movie one morning. When it ended they decided to just put on another. Soon they found themselves watching movies for days in a row. They didn't come out of their marathon until the end of the weekend.
Hannah went into her garden. She saw a big, juicy, red tomato! Hannah picked the big tomato. She took it inside her house and sat down. Hannah cut up and ate the juicy tomato!
Ken loved playing basketball. He was in a close game with a rival school. With seconds on the clock Ken threw a perfect shot. It almost went it. Ken was close to winning the game.
I loved the television show Gumby when I was a kid. I saw the Gumby figurines at the store. I bought them for my son. My son loved the Gumby figurines. I was able to share a special childhood moment with my son.
Dan wanted to buy a new car for his wife. The time came for Dan to apply at the bank for a loan for the car. Dan was nervous about his creditworthiness prior to the application. Dan filled out the forms and spoke with the loan officer. Dan got approved, and bought his wife an Audi!
Ray's teacher told the class to be quiet as she passed out tests. Ray had his number 2 pencil on his desk. And he turned around to put his books in his backpack. But then he noticed that his pencil was gone. Ray felt helpless.
Klutzy Klaus hated gym class. He was always picked last for teams. Big Jock Ben yelled at him to get to back of the line. Klaus tripped on his own shoelaces and broke his leg. Klaus is secretly relieved he doesn't have to go to gym anymore.
Jake hadn't heard from his mom in a while. All of a sudden he got a call from an unknown number. It was the local coroner. His mother was found dead. Jake was heart broken by the news.
I moved into my new apartment. I discovered that is was crawling with bugs. I ran out of the apartment straight to the store. After buying bug spray, I doused my entire place with it. I never saw another bug again.
Amy really loved to dress up for Halloween. Every year she hand-made her Halloween costume. This year, she wanted to make a Wilma Flintstone costume. She spent two weeks sewing and putting it all together. The costume was so good, she won first place in a costume contest!
Delilah was at the grocery store with her kids. She noticed an ad for the flu shot and remembered she needed it. She decided she may as well get it out of the way. The shot was painful and Delilah was a bit teary over it. Luckily by the time she checked out with her food, she felt better.
Sarah's best friend was expecting a baby. Wanting to do something special for her, she learned how to knit. She chose soft and colorful thread and spent weeks making a blanket. Finally the day of the baby shower arrived. Her friend loved the gift, knowing it was straight from the heart.
Conrad rented a hot air balloon for the afternoon. The winds carried him further than he expected. The balloon landed in a cow pasture 25 miles away. Conrad petted the cows as he figured out how to get home. For the moment he was content just being with the cows.
Ming's first trapeze performance would be this very night. Her nervousness wasn't about the routine, but her costume. Her unsuccessful searches through the costume rack left her hopeless. Ming's mother entered the dressing room holding a bright red leotard. It was a vision of sequins that fit to perfection.
Troy always wanted to travel across the country. He decided to do research on places he wanted to go. He asked a few friends if they wanted to come. He rented a car with his friends and they started the trip. They had a lot of fun traveling the country.
Frank wanted to lose some weight. He decided to give up fast food. He cut it out slowly, just one meal a week. That made it easier for him to handle his cravings. Within a few months, Frank never ate fast food and had lost 10 pounds!
Eli didn't know much about using Microsoft Access. He needed to update a column to change a value. Eli googled the procedure. He found a tutorial and it was very simple. Eli easily updated the column's values.
Wendy came to pick up Seth's generator. He started it to show her that it worked. When it was Wendy's turn to start it, it wouldn't start. Seth and Wendy messed up with it for a bit. They figured out the throttle needed to be pulled out just a little.
Richard's friends came over. He asked if they wanted a drink. He grabbed a glass. Poured some mix and tequila. He garnished the drinks with a lime wedge.
Dan realized he never should have let her go. He called her to tell her he was wrong. She wouldn't take any of Dan's calls. Dan's broken heart knew no solace. He threw himself off a bridge and died when he hit the water.
I took a yearly trip with my family to Disneyland on an airplane. In the air, I saw a bright flash accompanied with a loud noise. The pilot informed us we had to divert to Denver. When we landed we found out the plane had been struck by lightning. We changed planes and flew to California without any further trouble.
Sam was driving around with his girlfriend. She kept playing music he didn't like. He repeatedly asked her to stop. After a while he took the disk out and threw it out the window. It caused a huge fight between them.
Aaron had a difficult test coming up. He asked his friend to help him study. They studied for hours. His friend was very helpful. Aaron passed the difficult test the next day.
I decided to grow cucumbers this year. I got some free seeds from a friend. I wasn't sure if they'd grow so I planted a bunch. They all sprouted. I ended up with a dozen cucumber plants!
Jean thought that Roller Coasters have always been scary. Everytime she went to a carnival she would avoid them. Her friends decided to ride the roller coaster one time, so she joined While riding she discovered they aren't as scary as she thought She had a lot of fun, and decided she would ride them more often
Lisa approached the pond on her nightly walk. She saw a small duck swimming around. He had something stuck around his neck. Lisa got close and pulled it off. It was the plastic ring from a pack of soda!
The team was playing in a tournament. The captain brought them snacks. The sugary treats gave them energy. The team hustled and won their next three games. They won the tournament because of the snacks!
My friends and I play a lot of video games. One day, a friend suggested we play Minecraft. We were skeptical, but we bought it and played it together. We loved it. We play Minecraft every day now.
One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods. They have the best pizza. I always get the veggie pizza. Whole foods charges a small amount too. I picked some up yesterday.
Simeon loves to play pool. His skills are renown around the bar. A new face challenges him to a match. Simeon wins the match. Simeon gets a free beer because he's so good at pool.
Tom loved to surf. He was always looking for big waves. There was a storm brewing. Tom decided to surf during it because of the bigger waves. It was dangerous and exhilarating.
Vinny was with Nancy and her boyfriend. They went to a play. However, Nancy began to argue with her boyfriend during the show. I told them to calm down. Both of them stopped arguing and instead, tried to fight me.
Ashley asked the flight attendant for a cup of orange juice. The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her. In doing so, she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley. The attendant apologized, handing Ashley a paper towel. Ashley laughed off the whole ordeal and enjoyed her orange juice.
Terry wants to be a truck driver when he grows up. He studies semis and can tell you all about them. After graduation, he plans to attend a driving school. While at driving school, he accidentally wrecks the test semi! Terry is not so sure that he wants to be a truck driver after all.
Ryan was having trouble living with his father. His father constantly yelled at him for seemingly no reason. Ryan decided on working more hours to save up to move out. He eventually saved enough to move out with 3 friends of his. Ryan has been enjoying life much more without his father.
Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster. Her friend suggested Batman. The girls went on the ride. As they went on it, Kelly started to scream. She was afraid and wished she didn't go on it.
Today was Ellie's birthday. Her father told her he had a special present for her. He took her into the living room where a puppy was waiting. Ellie was so happy with her birthday present! She had always wanted a dog.
The professor called our group to present. We grabbed our belongings and approached the front of the class. I placed my flash-drive in the computer. However, I didn't see the data in the computer files. The professor failed us for not having the work today.
Brittany was a singer. She had a big show coming up. Days before the show she lost her voice. She rested her voice for those few days she had. The day of the concert she regained her voice and rocked the show.
Mark is sick of getting wet when the weather is rainy. He decides to buy an umbrella for his commute to work. The umbrellas he sees at first are too flashy for his style. Finally Mark buys a simple black umbrella. Now he stays dry even when it rains.
Today I was supposed to do the laundry. I got distracted with my new video game. When my mom got home the laundry was not done. She was mad and punished me. My mom took away my video games for three weeks.
It was a rainy night and Kelly was driving home. Suddenly one of her wipers stopped working. She could hardly see! She had to pull over and affix it back to the main arm. Then she was able to see to drive home!
Love was a thing that seemed out of reach for Ernesto. He thought that love was only for the luckiest of people. That all changed one day when he was set up on a blind date. The date was love at first sight and they both couldn't to leave. 9 months later there was a baby and they ended up happily together.
Cassie's shirts all fit her strangely. Then her mom suggested that Cassie's bra might be the wrong size. Cassie went to the mall to have herself sized. Sure enough, the sizer told her she had been wearing her bras too big! Cassie switched bras, and her shirts began to fit her just fine.
Today my landlord came over. I invited him in and he laughed. I asked him what was funny. He said that I welcomed him to my home. And that he owns it so it so I was talking nonsense.
Tom was a hard worker. He rarely missed any days and was always on time. He was getting behind on some bills. Tom asked his boss for a raise. His boss said no.
Lucy has a very powerful voice that gets her into trouble. At an airport she's talking on her phone. She tells her friend a man looks suspicious. Everyone hears her and the man confronts her. Lucy is embarrassed by the encounter.
Timothy lined up to bat. The ball arrived over the plate. Timothy hits the ball, getting his first hit. Timothy runs to third instead of first. Timothy gets out, but is more excited than disappointed.
Carter had gotten a balloon from a party. His brother took the balloon from him. Carter's brother popped his balloon. Carter ran and told his mother. Carter's brother got punished for popping the balloon.
I decided I never wanted to try that again. I had landed on my head. I had slipped off the top of my fence. I had seen my cat do it all the time. I thought it would be fun to climb it.
Maura's heart fluttered as she waited in line. She stepped up to the stage as her name was called. Her family cheered as she received her diploma. She smiled for the photo and stepped down from the stage. She had finally graduated college.
Kaya walked to school in the morning. It was a lovely day. But after class, it had begun to rain! Poor Kaya had brought no umbrella. She was forced to walk home in the rain.
Jessie and her family were going on a trip. To get to their destination they would have to fly. Jessie had never flown before. He was excited. The plane took off and Jessie knew he would enjoy the flight.
Mitch spent his morning cleaning out his car. He made a pile of things on the ground that he felt was junk. Once his car was empty he began to put in some new things. He put in a first aid kit and a map of the area. Mitch felt that his car was prepared for almost any problem.
Maya and Jude were on the way to a scary movie. Jude tried to scare Maya when they got out of the car, it didn't work. The movie was very scary and Maya was terrified. After the movie they were walking back to the car talking. Jude tried to scare her again, and she jumped and screamed!
The Smith family was excited to go to Disney for the first time. The kids immediately ran to all of the fun rides at the park to play. Kelly, the youngest, could not wait to eat at Epcot. The family then went to an Italian restaurant for dinner. The family had a great time and took hundreds of pictures.
I was at the beach with my family. There was a professional sandcastle builder. He let us do some of the work. I got to sculpt some rocks. I was surprised how maneuverable sand could be.
Joy loves to bake bread. She especially loves to sift the flour out. Yesterday she made a loaf of bread and left it to rise awhile. When she went to check on it, it was ready to bake. After baking, she fed the bread to her family who ate it happily!
Bob got a Rubik's cube for Christmas. He was puzzled as to how to solve it. He practiced solving it everyday. He eventually was able to get the hang of it. He was proud of himself when he was finally able to solve it.
Bobby and Clive had been best friends for years. This all came to an end last night. Bobby had upset Clive too much this time. He had tried to chat up Clive's new girlfriend. The problem was that she took Bobby up on the offer.
Sahara was digging through the car. Suddenly, she noticed a board game in a bag. She and her brother were excited and started playing it. Suddenly, her mom came out. She was so mad at them for opening the game that she took it back.
Sue is unable to drive a car. Instead, she rides the bus. One day, someone on the bus sat on her. This made her very unhappy. Sue decided to carpool with her friend to work moving forward.
Brian wanted to bulk up and build some muscles. But lifting weights on his own was so boring. Then his buddy Cam agreed to work out together. The two guys chatted as they exercised. In just weeks, each boy had built big muscles!
Alex wanted to go to the forest. He had a dream telling him he was meant to go there. He traveled with his friend hector to the forest. Hector took a wrong turn. Alex was never able to get to the forest.
Lacy had two children. It was nearly impossible to get them to sleep. When one was about to sleep, the other's noises would keep them up. Lacy decided she needed some quiet time. She drove them around until they were both sound asleep.
I had a special porcelain doll from my childhood on a shelf. I always admired her flowing bright red hair. One day I bought a bleach kit to use on my black hair. I bleached half of the black hair. I dyed the rest with organic red dye.
Frank was in his kitchen dying eggs for Halloween. He liked to dye eggs for every holiday. He put the egg in the green dye and waited a long time. The egg was a great shade of green. Frank added the green egg to his other finished eggs.
Betty liked fast food. She went to her favorite fast food joint all the time. One day she order an extra large fry. But when she got her order it was a small onion ring. She doesn't go back to that place anymore.
Robert never knew what to give his wife for her birthday. So he asked his secretary to choose for him. He came home with a nice box packaged for his wife. She opened it and frowned. Inside was a card signed by his secretary telling her everything.
I found a puppy for my daughter online. I decided to drive to pick up the puppy. On the way I got a flat tire and it started to rain. I called the seller of the puppy and she brought me the puppy. I changed my tire and brought the puppy home.
When I was 18 I was playing basketball with my brother. I went up to grab a pass. I twisted a knee and felt a snap. The doctor said I tore my cartilage and suggested surgery. I did not have surgery but wore a brace for three weeks.
Ron was at an amusement park. And all of his friends wanted to go on a roller coaster. Ron was too afraid. And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick. Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it.
Joe was tired of being the shortest guy in his office. One day, he saw an ad in a magazine for elevator shoes. Joe ordered the shoes and waited for them to arrive. When they came, Joe wore the shoes to work. In the elevator, he stood eye to eye with his boss.
Bus drivers were on strike in Amy's town. There was limited service, but there was no bus from her job. Her boss took her downtown to take a bus home. There were only a few buses so they were all packed. Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home.
Tyler is a young man. He wants to serve his country. He joins the army. While in the army he goes to war. Tyler loses his life in a war.
My fiance put me in charge of the music for our wedding. I shopped around for bands and found out that it's expensive. I quoted a few people and it's all over my budget. I read online that many people make their own playlist to save money. I made my own playlist on my iPod and it's a great list of songs!
A girl played in the school orchestra. Before a concert her violin went missing. She was very worried her parents would have to pay for it. The teacher asked the class if anyone had seen the violin. A classmate brought the violin back to the teacher.
Albert lived outside the city but loved partying there on Saturdays. He drove his car to a bar and spent time with friends. He'd drink a few beers. And when it was time to go home, he'd be too drunk to drive. So every week his friend let him sleep on his sofa.
Stephanie was driving along a county road. She started looking through text messages on her phone. She drifted into the other lane and hit a car. Both drivers were injured. Stephanie was sentenced to community service.
When we got home from our stay, we watched tv. We turned on a haunted house team show. It turned out they had gone to the same hotel we had. They found some disturbing images. I didn't want to believe they were real.
I've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June. Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape. I've been running lately but only about 2 miles. Today, even though I knew it would be hard, I ran 5 miles. When I finished, I was exhausted but I felt wonderful.
Tom hated his dad. He ditched him at a young age. He resented him ever since. Tom's dad tried to talk to him before he died. Tom turned down the invitation.
One day Desi's husband was a few minutes late coming home. She hoped he was okay and hadn't gotten stuck at work! Then he came through the door with his hands full. He held out a big bouquet of roses to Desi! Desi smiled and thanked her lucky stars for such a great man.
Sandra is afraid that she has become too old to find a boyfriend. Finally her friend introduces her to a single man. Sandra and the man eat dinner together. However, Sandra does not think the man is cute. She decide to give up ever finding a boyfriend.
School was starting in a week. James wanted to start getting acclimated to waking up early. He asked his mom to get him out of bed at 7am. We she tried to wake him as he requested he told her to go away. He put a pillow over his head and went back to sleep.
Pete was a quiet man. He never started fights with anyone. One day Pete was walking on the beach. A man tried to rob Pete for his money. Pete shot the man in defense, and left him under the morning sun.
I was driving home from a visit with my family. A red car passed me speeding. It suddenly started to rain. The red car lost control and spun several times. Because I was going slower he missed hitting me.
Kim passed a note to her best friend during third period recess. The teacher caught the passed note and confiscated it. The teacher read the note and turned a crimson color. Kim's note was about how she thought the teacher was cute. The teacher returned the note to Kim with a smile.
Matthew ran a comedy show every Tuesday night. At first his show was very popular. Matthew kept using the same comedians for every show. Audiences soon became bored with hearing the same jokes. Matthew became distraught over the dwindling show attendance.
Josh decided he was going to go surfing. He got dressed in his wetsuit. Then he packed up his surfboard and drove to the beach. He went out in the water and there were no waves. Josh was angry that he did all that for nothing.
Tom loved gadgets. His birthday was coming up. His girlfriend bought him a laser pointer. Tom had fun with the laser pointer. Tom loved his gift.
Cindy planted a big garden. Her biggest crop was her pumpkins. She had one grow and grow until it was huge. It weighed 500 lbs! Cindy showed off her pumpkins to all her farmer friends.
The sink was clogged. The man pulled out some long hair. The man didn't have long hair. He blamed his roommate. His roommate unclogged the sink.
Dominick went to school. He went to play kick ball with his friends. It was his turn to kick the ball. When he kicked the ball his shoe split in half. Dominick had to get a pair of new shoes.
Jenny was in class. Suddenly, there was an announcement. The school was on a lockdown. The kids sat quietly, and waited. In the end, it was a false alarm.
James has a big test coming up. James spends all of his time studying. The day of the test arrives. James takes the test. James gets his grade back and learns he did not pass.
Anna got a new winter coat. It was made out of white fake fur. Anna was excited to wear it to school. Her classmates thought she looked too proud. They made fun of her.
Jimmy knew he could do it. Just a little more and gold would be his. But, he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course. He had to help. Jimmy was so fast enough helping the racer that he got second place!
We went to the park to go through the haunted trail. While we were there, we saw a large military truck. We got on the back and suited up. We drove through the forest shooting paintballs. The paintballs hit men dressed up as zombies.
The farmer planted a large garden. The garden was full of many crops. It kept his family fed. The crops included things like tomatoes, peanuts, and corn. The garden gave subsistence the family.
I had a dream that a monster was chasing me. I was running from it. I felt its wet hands on me. I woke up quickly. It turns out my dog was licking me.
Daria started her new job but was shy and afraid. Her first day was hectic and overwhelming for her. Eventually she made friends and got better at her job. After working there for over a year she got a promotion. She looked back at how scared she was at first and laughed.
Sarah was sweeping her house one day. After sweeping, she swept the mess in a pile by her door. She began to sweep the mess out her open front door. While she was sweeping, a bird flew into her house. Sarah chased the bird from her home and closed her door.
The computer disk was set on top of a magnet. The magnet erased all of the information on the disk. The scientist tried to find a file on the disk. He found out that the disk was empty. He threw away the disk.
Mikey has a habit of taking items that don't belong to him. Last night he stole a trailer from Henry's yard. Henry has a camera in his yard and caught Mikey on tape. The cops were called and took Mikey to jail. Mikey is now sitting in a cell thinking about his actions.
The teacher took her students to the Planetarium. Everyone gathered in a dark room. Tiny stars began to glow in the room. The students were amazed at all the constellations they could see. The teacher was happy that the students enjoyed the Planetarium.
Rita and Katie heard a noise coming from an abandoned house. They approached the house to find the source of the noise. Only Rita was brave enough to go inside of the house. After a minute, she ran outside of the house quickly. It was a skunk making the noise!
Sophie lived in Mexico. She lived with her family in a small farmhouse close to the border. One day Sophie's father told her they were going to see the USA. After a long trip through the desert Sophie stood on American soil. Sophie and her family were soon found by ICE and deported.
When I was 15, I was very disrespectful. I said an adult word while speaking to my father. He grounded me and took away my car keys. I sulked for days because I couldn't leave the house. I eventually stole my keys and went to see my friends anyway.
My mom threw my white clothes into the washer. However, she accidentally left a tie dye shirt inside the basket. The clothes changed colors after being mixed. I was furious when I had the chance to look at the clothes. I decided to donate some of the clothes and keep the rest.
Charles like to cook. He like a girl named Sally. He asked her to come over for lunch. Sally showed up with lunch. Charles was disappointed he had made a wonderful lunch too.
Theresa didn't follow regular maintenance on her car. She hadn't changed the oil in almost a year. Tracy was driving when she saw a stream of smoke from the hood. She called her boyfriend. Her boyfriend fussed at her for not taking care of her car.
Tim was at home. He looked at his dirty floor. There was food and dust everywhere. It looked very bad. Tim cleaned for an hour and it finally looked good.
Lee had a loose tooth. One day during band class, he  blew too hard into his trumpet. His loose tooth flew out of his mouth and right into the trumpet! Andrew had to take the trumpet apart to get his tooth out. Everyone in the band laughed and laughed at the loose tooth problem.
Peter went to the store for his girlfriend. He needed to buy her some tampons. He sheepishly walked down the woman's care aisle. He grabbed the first box he saw and continued on quickly. Peter got a kiss from his girlfriend when he returned home.
Gina really needed a new cell phone. She'd dropped her old one so many times it barely worked. Her mother suggested she look online for a phone and protective case. Gina thought this was a great idea and searched online for hours. She finally found a great deal on a new phone with a matching case.
Amy went to her friend Beth's house. She wanted to get her mind of Ray from school. The girls sat on Beth's porch bored. Beth suggested that Amy should call Ray. Amy thought she would rather die than call a boy.
Sandra got a job at the zoo. She loved coming to work and seeing all of the animals. Sandra went to look at the polar bears during her lunch break. She watched them eat fish and jump in and out of the water. She took pictures and shared them with her friends.
Tom was trying to eat at a restaurant. The waiter took forever to take their order. Then he never got back with their drinks. Tom and his friends had enough. They stood up and left.
Sarah's baby would not stop crying. She tried feeding her. Then she tried singing to her. When neither worked she decided to change the baby's diaper. Once the wet diaper was changed the baby was happy again.
Ants were coming in the house. They were all over the porch. They were eating soda left on the steps. Gina's father was furious. Gina got in trouble for the 2nd time that day.
One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv. Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day. I turned on the television and out on reality tv. The kardashians were on. I ended up watching for six hours.
Jane loved dancing with friends. She didn't like paying club prices. Jane decided to invite people over to her house. Everyone got to pick the music. Everyone danced and had fun.
Katie went to baseball game. Her friends bought her back a beer. As she was drinking it, she kept sneezing. She then started breaking out. Katie figured out she was gluten-intolerant.
Tom was happy to secure his first job after graduating college. Tom knew he wanted to never struggle financially again. Tom lived very frugally. Tom saved every dollar he could. Tom saved a lot of money and lived a happy life.
It was time to announce the winner of the pageant. Brooke has already been called out in the top 10. She was nervous. They called out the first runner up. Then they announced her as Miss Mississippi.
When I was little I work with little kids all the time. We started our own small cookie stand. We sold cookies for a profit. There was no competition so we made decent money. We use the money to buy video games and snacks.
Lenny liked to climb trees. He and his best friend went walk in the woods. Lenny found a tree he wanted to climb. When Lenny was on the second branch, the limb broke. Lenny fell and his friend had to get help.
It was the last day of the bike race. In the final stretch Joe was about to win when someone hit his bike. He went flying and ended up on the ground. He hurt but could walk. The others were so far behind that he got back on and won.
I needed some new headphones. I saw them at the store for nine dollars. The cashier insisted that they were fifteen dollars. I got the manager. The manager gave me the headphones for nine dollars.
Tom bought some shells for Clint's birthday. His car would not start, so he rode his son's bike to Clint's shop. He was delayed due to a traffic accident closing the road. Worried that he would miss Clint, Tom turned onto a side street. He arrived just in time to surprise Clint with the gift.
I am listening to a youtube playlist. I created this playlist when I was in college. One day I liked a bunch of music and added them to it. Over time, this had grown to include almost 300 songs. I play this music now in the background of a show I produce.
Tom was at a 4th of July picnic. They were setting off fireworks. Tom was too close. ONe firework shot right at him and burned his shirt. Tom was scared and stayed further away.
I had a stroke in 2011 and cannot walk well. I also have little taste. Yesterday I dreamed I was walking down the street normally. I dreamed I bought and enjoyed eating a hot dog. I woke up to reality.
Anne wrote short stories in her spare time. She hoped to have them published in literary journals. She entered a number of her stories for consideration online. Anne was rejected from all of them. Anne remained stalwart and continued writing.
Timmy found an old boat with water pooled in the bottom. He saw tadpoles swimming in the boat. Timmy told his pals about his find. When they went to see the boat, the tadpoles were gone. Then, they noticed tiny frogs hopping in the grass by the boat.
Mickey was a math genius. He knew all kinds of equations just in his head. One day, his teacher asked him the capital of California. Mickey lived in California. He didn't know the answer, however, because he only knew math.
I went to the gym to sign up for a membership. They asked me if I needed a trainer. I laughed in their face. After a month, I showed no progress. I finally asked them to get me a trainer to work with.
Jane was walking in the rainy. All of her belongings were getting soaked. There was a man walking past her. However, he looked away instead of sharing his umbrella. Jane had to dry herself when she got to the bathroom.
Eloise was ecstatic she had a date to the prom. The theme was fairy tales. Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother. Her date thought she looked absolutely stunning. Eloise and her date were voted prom queen and king.
I used to take care of a stray cat named I named Tokyo Panda. We used to take walks and he loved my girl cat. I fed him daily and nursed his wounds. One day, he became sick with diarrhea, vomiting and rapid breathing. Two days later, he died the same day as his vet appointment.
I bought a package of pretty barrettes. They were all different colors and made of plastic. They looked exactly like the ones I had as a child. I loved wearing the bird ones the most. I wore them every chance I got.
I was hiking. I saw some wild berries. I didn't know if they were safe to eat. I tried a few anyways. I ended up in the emergency room.
Frank had always been a bit of a hoarder. He valued his possessions and never wanted to get rid of them. But his wife thought the house was too cluttered. She insisted on holding a yard sale. It was hard for Frank to let go, but he tried to enjoy the new start.
My family and I passed through Memphis on a road trip in 2001. We decided to stop and visit Graceland. We got to tour Elvis' house but not the museum. The museum closed early that day. They had the premiere of Lilo and Stitch there on the day we came.
John wanted to get his wife an expensive present for Christmas. The problem was, John didn't have enough money. John waited until Black Friday to get the gift. Just as John suspected, it went on sale. John got his wife a beautiful necklace.
I was trapping coyotes on the Platte River. I finally got a pelt on my second week. I realized I did not know how to skin the coyote. I watched a quick informational video about the subject. I skinned the coyote with no problem while following the video.
Adam wanted to go base jumping. He signed up for an excursion. He suited up and prepared to jump. Then he jumped and shouted exuberantly. Adam had an amazing time base jumping!
Susie ordered a burger. She asked for no cheese. Unfortunately they gave her cheese. She was rather mad. So she had to return it.
Emily went to the park one morning. Along the walking path, she noticed there were tiny, little flowers. Emily loved these beautiful flowers. Emily decided that she would pick some flowers to take home. On the walk back to the car, Emily picked a beautiful bouquet.
Nic was invited to a classmate's birthday party. It sounded boring, but his mom made him go. At the party, the mom handed everyone a list of items. She said it was a treasure hunt and the winner got a big prize! Nic decided the party wasn't boring after all - it was great!
It had been raining for days and the river was flooding. A barge had gotten loose and crushed some boat docks. John and his family hoped that their boat was undamaged. They drove to the marina and had to detour because of the flooding. Their marina was much further inland but the boats were all undamaged.
Harry was studying to be a geologist. He was collecting rock samples in Yellowstone. Then he turned around and saw a large bear. Harry wasn't bothered and continued with his work. The bear looked at him puzzled and walked away.
Andrea is in kindergarten. She does not like her teacher. Her teacher reprimanded her in front of the class. Andrea was embarrassed. Andrea was happy once the last day of school was over.
My friend was fishing in the river for catfish. He had something huge on the line. He pulled and pulled and pulled and then it was nearing the bank. It looked like it was four feet long. Just as he was about to grab it, the line snapped.
Mike went to the doctor with his mom and baby sister. His baby sister was getting her one year shots. Mike got so sad when his sister cried, he asked to step outside. He was surprised to hear no cryin! His baby sister did a great job with her shots!
Ollie got his first pet, a parakeet. He decided to keep his pet in his room. That night when it was time to go to sleep he turned off the light. His bird wouldn't be quiet! Then he remembered he was supposed to cover the cage at night.
Amy had been ignoring Ray in class for a week. She hoped this would encourage him to call her. Night after night the phone didn't ring. Amy sat in class sad to have lost his friendship. After class she started to speak, but he walked away quickly.
Lynn was failing math. Then her parents hired her a tutor. Every day after school, she studied with him. Slowly she began to understand the concepts. Her grades improved dramatically!
Kia was helping with her high school's annual fundraiser. This year they were doing a haunted house for Halloween. She was working hard when a zombie terrified her! But then, amidst giggles, her friend Bo removed his mask. He had snuck upon her to scare her on purpose as she worked!
Several years ago I lived in Florida by the beach. Having always loved the beach, I got a job overlooking the water. Every day was a blessing to go to work in such a beautiful place. Sometimes we would eat lunch on the beach or walk after work. What a peaceful and relaxing time stored in my  book of memories.
We lost power. So we had to get rid of our fridge items. We ended up having to throw away rotten chicken. It stunk up the whole house. So we had to suffer with the smell.
Adalina found out she had cancer. She prayed fervently that she'd survive her radiation therapy. After the therapy, she went in for her test. Her oncologist told her the cancer was all gone! Adalina was thrilled that her prayers had been answered.
Manny went to work as a band director right after college. He met his wife that same year. The two married the following year and had twins. Manny can hardly believe his sons are in high school now. Both of them are in Manny's band class this year.
Ricardo Brown is a Rap artist who rose to the top. It started when he rapped at a party, and he was in the 11th grade. He had made a name for himself as a talented rapper. Six months later he met Snoop Dogg and Doctor Dre. Dre let Ricardo Rap on a few songs and Ricardo became a Rap star.
When my friends play video games, I usually win. We set up an unofficial tournament this past Saturday. I played nonstop for almost an entire week to get ready. On the day of the event, I won every round until the finals. For the first time, David beat me claiming the top spot.
A woman took a picture at a vacation. She really liked the beach shot. She decided to post it. She uploaded it online. People really liked it.
James had an old car. His car broke down at a red light. He couldn't get the car to start back up again. James and a bystander helped push the car off the street. James called a tow truck.
Sam was out to eat with friends. They got a table in the patio. It started to rain. Sam and his friends had to move inside. They got a bit wet but still enjoyed their meal.
One morning, Jim was admiring his crush, Michaela. He decided that he would approach her. When he introduced himself, she was very friendly. He asked her out and they made plans. Later, Jim picked Michaela up for their date.
Patty and Laura gave each other the silent treatment in the hall. Bob tried to get them to talk, but to no avail. So, we all decided to go out and get lunch together. In the end, we were all laughing by the time the next period started. It looks like the two were on friendly terms by the start of class.
I was inspired by Superman to become a superhero. I would fight crime every night. I bought a cool blue and green spandex costume. My first night, I walked to an old alley. However, I heard a cat moan and ran back home scared.
Ellie got a rabbit for Easter who she named Samuel. She kept him in a nice hutch outside, visiting him everyday. About two weeks after she got him, she noticed something strange. There were baby bunnies in the cage with Samuel. It turned out he was actually a girl bunny.
Jane never felt comfortable in her own skin. She grew up thinking she wasn't being the person she wanted to be. She never told anyone about this, and learned to put up with it. At age 30, she finally realised that she felt that she should be male. When she identified as transgender, she suddenly felt happy at last.
Dustin hiked his way through the woods. He was heading to his favorite spot. It was a small secluded lake that hikers only knew about. He made it to the clearing to the breathtaking view. He started out with a great sense of purpose.
Bob hate to go to the dentist. He was always scared to get his teeth cleaned. Bob was sweating before his dentist appointment today. His dentist cleaned his teeth before he knew it. Bob was given some free mouthwash afterwards.
My grandpa taught himself to play the guitar. He started a bluegrass band. The bluegrass band played many shows on the local radio station. The townspeople loved the music the band played. My grandpa became famous in his town for playing in his band.
Sara was at work one day and leaned over to pick up a pen. When she leaned over, her pants ripped slightly. She was so embarrassed and went to the restroom. Sara vowed to go on a diet to lose weight. She ended up losing 20 pounds and felt great.
Timmy liked dressing as a turtle. It was his favorite cartoon on tv. His mom let him go to school dressed as one yesterday. All his friends were jealous that he got to wear a turtle costume. He went home a popular student that day.
Billy went to the park at night The wind was blowing drastically and it was dark He found a little duck trying to get to the pond He pushed past the wind and rescued the duck The duck was able to join up with his family because of billy
I asked my mother what she wanted me to make for Thanksgiving. She said she wanted me to make pumpkin soup. She had never had it, and I had never made it. I worked hard on the soup to make it special. We loved the soup!
Sheila was on a long hike. She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike. She tried pushing herself as far as possible. Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up. Considering the length left, she decided to bail and go home.
Bill is a great football player. But his true passion is music. Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music. But Bill gets the last laugh when he becomes a rich rock star. Unlike most NFL players Bill is able to enjoy his old age.
Tom was driving home from work. He noticed smoke coming out from under his hood. Tom decided to pull over. He got out right as the fire raged. His car was completely consumed within minutes.
Johnny was waiting nervously for his basketball game to start. Once the game started he was no longer nervous. Johnny scored twenty points in the first half and ten in the second. Johnny's team won the game. Johnny was named MVP of the game.
Rich was a crossfit instructor. Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees. Around the 35th burpee, Rich started feeling dizzy. He realized that he hadn't eaten before he started. He ate breakfast and felt better.
Stephanie loved yogurt. Yogurt was her passion so she went on a trip to Canada. Canada was home to one of her favorite restaurants. In there, she found the best yogurt she's ever tasted. She ended up living in Canada forever.
Enrique was installing a new sprinkler system in the yard. He walked over to the fence to dig a hole. The neighbor's dog ran up to the fence, barking loudly. Enrique was startled and jumped back. The neighbor came and got the dog, apologizing profusely.
Tom was in a garage band. He didn't care about making it big. He loved playing for the music itself. Surprisingly the band got popular. Tom kept playing for the love more than the money.
Tim was in a car accident. He broke his hip and several other bones. Tim wasn't able to move around a lot. Tim began to gain weight from lack of exercise. Tim had to go to physical training to start moving again.
The mom woke up and discovered that her toddler was already awake. He had made a huge mess! There were toys everywhere. He'd smeared peanut butter on the wall, too. The mom sighed and began to clean up.
Yesterday I went to a friend's house to play Scrabble. We have been Scrabble buddies for many years. We played three games, and the competition was fierce. My friend won two games and I was very disappointed. Luckily, my friend made a peach pie and offered it as consolation!
The man hummed a tune. Somebody recognized the song. They started humming as well. They hummed the whole tune together. They laughed when it was finished.
My friend Chris played drums for a local rock band. Chris did not have a say in things when it came to writing songs. He was told exactly what to play for each new song created. This made him upset and he voiced his complaint to the band. The band wouldn't budge on the issue and he left the project.
Kelly lost her science book. She had to turn it in at the end of the year. If not, she would owe the money for it! But then luckily, she found it. It was hidden at the bottom of her locker!
Lucy's parents decided to hire Carrie to come babysit Lucy. When Carrie came over Lucy's the two watched a movie together. The movie was Aladdin and they watched it on the massive television. The two ate popcorn and chocolate candy while watching the film. When the film was done, Carrie put Lucy to bed.
Tom got a shutoff notice in the mail. It said that he had ignored three warning letters! Now his electric was going to be disconnected. Tom hurried to pay his electric bill right then and there. He vowed not to be so forgetful in the future.
Cara loved fast food. She like the variety of value menus. So she went all the time to her favorite place with a good menu. She ended up buying one of everything on the menu. And to her surprise also ended up eating it all too!
Zoey's husband needed her wish list for Christmas. Zoey sat down to write the list. Then, she opened the computer and got some ideas. She wrote them all down. Then, she gave her husband the list.
Amy was learning how to be a chef. She cooked every night to get better. One night, she planned an elaborate meal. She served it to her friends and family. They were all blown away!
A group of college students came into the restaurant. They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat. After they were finished with their food, the waitress came. She placed the bill on the table. However, the kids ran as soon as the waitress turned her back.
Kim had fancy a tennis court installed in her backyard. And right away, she practiced using her ball machine. But after she finished, she noticed black skid marks on the new court. She realized she was wearing black shoes. So later, she bought white ones.
Tessa was just waking up in her bed. She felt sick to her stomach because it was so hot. Desperate to escape the heat, she ran to the shower. There, she turned on the cold water and jumped in. Luckily that helped her cool off completely.
The boy was frustrated. He thought his friend was cheating at football. So he punched his friend. Both boys were sent to the office. They were forced to apologize.
Bob had never tried coffee. His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some. Bob agreed and went to the cafe. He looked at the coffee menu but was unsure of what to order. He decided to get a black coffee with one sugar.
Dante was going on a boat ride. He was in the Bayou in Louisiana. He charted a boat and they were leaving. He was on the water in the swamp, it was great. Dante even got to see a few alligators that day!
My textbook went missing. I tried to look inside the laundry room. Dust was flying everywhere, especially on the desk. I managed to find the book inside a bin. However, a blister broke out on my mouth.
Jean wanted to travel to Africa. She saved up her money for a plane ticket. Jean bought clothing appropriate for the weather in Namibia. She travelled on a plane and stayed for one week. Jean's trip to Africa was better than she had hoped.
Mary noticed her car's front left tire was looking very low in air. She had to put extra air in the tire 3 times in 1 month. Jane took her car to The Tire Store, and they checked the tire. The tire had an air leak, and mechanic fixed the tire. Jane took the car home, happy they fixed the tire leak.
Lizbeth moved into her very first apartment. The showerhead had so much buildup that it sprayed everywhere. It really grossed her out just looking at it. Her mom said to tie a vinegar-filled plastic bag around it overnight. The showerhead looked like it was brand new the next morning.
Kelly's kids were starving. She made them some chicken strips. They gobbled them up quickly. They had been starving! They ate every piece, then went out to play.
It was summer break and Lucy was at her grandparents. She wanted to speak with her friends from home. She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later. Lucy felt left out since she couldn't go. Amy offered to call from the party so Lucy would feel included.
Alice greeted the realtor at the door. She was happy to give the realtor a tour of her home! She showed her all of the rooms on the main level. When it was time to go upstairs, she saw a huge mouse on the steps! They both screamed and ran outside instead.
Jeff was the track official at a high school track meet. He did not pay close attention to the 100 meter race. When the kids crossed the line, he didn't see who won. Jeff just picked one and called him the winner. Everyone saw through Jeff's pathetic lie.
Amy went to the store to try on wedding dresses. The zipper broke on the first dress she tried on. The salesperson had to cut her out of the dress. Amy really liked that dress though. She ended up buying it anyway.
Boris had a baseball game coming up. It was his first game ever. Boris was terrified. But, he continued to train hard and focus on winning. His team won the game because Boris hit the winning home run.
Mommy and Ella loved Ella's educational tablet. But one day, Mommy had heard too much repetitive button-mashing. She threatened to take it away if Ella pressed the same button again. Ella pressed the same button again. Mommy promptly turned into a softie, only angrily lowering the volume.
Eric was in a deep slumber. He suddenly awoke to the sound of a lightning strike. It was pouring outside. Eric remembered he forgot to close his bedroom windows. He quickly closed his windows before the rain got inside.
Anna was addicted to heroin. She was caught stealing to fund her habit. The judge sent her to prison for four years. There, she finally got clean. Anna left prison a very changed woman.
Cathy realized that her current fish tank was way to small. Cathy knew she had to purchase a much larger fish tank. After conducting research, Cathy found a tank at a local pet store. Cathy decided to drive to the store to purchase the tank. Cathy was glad with the purchase of her larger fish tank.
Mark had saved for years. He finally had enough money to buy a boat. He went to look at a lot of different models. He found the perfect boat for him. He bought it that day!
John was set to go up next on stage. He was so nervous he was shaking. The announcer called his name and out he went. John performed amazingly. The stage fright was tough, but he was able to overcome it.
Terry had several items to ship to customers. He had limited time to do this, as he wanted happy customers. Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office. He would go on to repeat this process and gained a good reputation. His business took off from there and earned him a comfortable living.
Leigh was a very healthy woman but sometimes she'd have joint pain. She didn't think it was anything serious until it started to worsen. When she went to her Doctor he ordered a lot of tests for her to do. Her first test was an x-ray and it showed she had some inflammation. Turns out that the joint pain was due to arthritis.
George wanted to be an Olympic benching champion. So he bought a weight set and bench. He lifted weights almost everyday. His muscles grew and he got stronger. However, he never became a champion.
Every year my sister and I put up the Christmas tree. We lug it up from the basement and put it together. We hang about a hundred pretty ornaments on it. When that is done we put lights on it. When the tree is complete it looks beautiful.
Erica and Velma were identical twins who were separated at birth. Velma stayed with her mother and Matilda was adopted. Velma discovered records of the adoption in her mother's papers. She found Matilda years later in a graveyard. Matilda had died before they could ever meet.
John was driving to work one day. He was pulled over. John wasn't sure why. The cop told him he was speeding. John didn't agree but signed the ticket anyway.
The heater kept Laura warm while she watched Carlos sleeping. She had brought it in from the garage because it was so cold. Laura was supposed to be sleeping too. However, she couldn't sleep while Carlos was snoring. She put her head in her hands and sighed.
The girl loved Finding Nemo. Her dad got her a big poster of it for her room. She hung it proudly on her door. She smiled every time she passed it. She told all her friends at school what she had now.
Nalia wanted to see a dolphin in real life. She went to Hawaii to see a dolphin. She hired a yacht crew to sail out to the open ocean. She waited for one hour and was about to give up. Suddenly, a dolphin appeared and Nalia was happy.
I wanted to learn more about Medieval music. I did some research at the library. I saw some pictures of old instruments. Many were unfamiliar, but some were recognizable. I bought a flute similar to those I had seen, and started learning it.
I heard about an online job. I decided to give it a shot. I worked for hours and hours. I only made 23 cents. I realized most online jobs are scams.
Butters was a very pretty cat but she was also very curious. One day she sneaked out of her house through an open door. She spent the entire day outside looking around and exploring. When she wanted to go back into her warm house the door was closed! She was very grateful when her owner noticed her and let her back in.
Al filed for divorce. His wife refused to sign the papers. Al had the papers served professionally . His wife felt intimidated. She signed the papers the next day.
Bill and Mary were expecting a child. On Mary's delivery day, Bill rushed her to the hospital. Bill waited nervously outside the delivery room. A doctor eventually appeared in the doorway, motioning to Bill. He told Bill that Mary had delivered a baby girl!
Nancy gave me a gift box. I decided to open it and see what it is. Nothing was in the box. I asked if she forgot to put the present inside. She said that she got me the box for my birthday.
I was 10 Year's old for my first kiss. I was very nervous. We planned to go to the back of the field where it was foggy. All of our friends were there and circled around us. Then we had a small peck.
Tina loved doing ballet. Unfortunately she was also very shy. She would get bad stage fright. ON the night of her first recital she wasn't able to perform. It took a lot of encouragement to get her out for her second one.
Tom and Chris were friends. Chris liked doing Sudoku puzzles. Tom had never heard of Sudoku. Chris introduced Tom to Sudoku. Tom found his new hobby and liked doing the puzzles.
Neil was doing a story on the country of Burma. He took a plane into Burma, or Myanmar. There, he interviewed members of the press. He got a great story to take to his editors. They read his story, and they loved it!
Reagan was a middle manager of a major business. His team was plagued with petty drama between coworkers. He decided to fund a team building exercise. His plan worked because his team outperformed the others that term. Reagan was given a large bonus for the superior leadership he showed.
Glenda was rushing around in the kitchen. She was hosting Thanksgiving and had a lot to do! She pulled the turkey out and was shocked. It was still frozen! She served her family side dishes and pie, but no turkey.
Molly was about to go to her prom. She had found the perfect dress. She was about to leave with her date when her dress got caught. The fabric ripped. Molly was so upset that she decided not to go.
Gina had narrowly missed hitting a bus. She was on the curb which was covered with snow and ice. She was stuck in the deep snow. But she was certain she could get free. Her tires spun, but she was able to get back on the main road.
Amy and Beth decided to make a snow fort. They built bricks of snow and stacked them on one another. When they finished they entered the fort. As they as inside it began to crumble. The whole fort collapsed on them as they sat inside laughing.
It was take your kid to work day. There was cake in the breakroom. My kid poured water on the cake by accident. Everyone ate it anyway. Thankfully it was still delicious.
Kelly went on a trip to California last week. While she was there she attended to business. However to her surprise she ran into an old friend. The girls chatted just like old times. When Kelly left she called the girl.
I scraped my knuckle on the sink. I stuck my hand into the dishwater. There was a little blood. I drained the water out of the sink. I went upstairs to get a Band-Aid.
Tom was trying to wash dishes. He didn't realize the dishwasher was broken. It had sprung a leak. When Tom tried to use it water went everywhere. He had to clean up a big mess.
Kate took her toddler to story time. A dad came into the room with his son. He had a holstered gun around his hips. Kate was very nervous about the gun. She never took her toddler back to story time.
I took the SAT exams three months ago. I was in the 85th percentile. I was very pleased with that performance. My parents are making me retake the exams. They say that I need to get into the 90th percentile at least.
Tim was boating with friends. The boat sprung a leak. They weren't able to fix it. They hurried back to shore as they sank. The boat barely made it.
My husband left a note saying we needed to talk. The note said it was about an important matter. I was nervous and worried all day. When he got home, I confronted him immediately. He smiled and said he just wanted to talk about our anniversary plans.
The Miller family was holding their annual Easter egg hunt. Ellen found the most eggs. Johnny found the golden egg. But little Elsie found the most special egg of all. To everyone's surprise, she found a real robin's egg!
Ross was 13 and had a baby brother. One day Ross started to think his brother didn't like him. Ross decided to play with his little brother more. Eventually Ross felt like his brother liked him. Ross's brother grew up and they're now best friends.
Nick was having dinner with his girlfriend. They went to a local Chinese restaurant. Nick and his girlfriend had a 5 course meal. Nick realized he forgot his wallet when his bill came. His girlfriend offered to pay with her credit card instead.
Joan had been jobless for months. She finally was invited to interview with a company. Joan prepared for the interview and printed copies of her resume. She hoped the interview would go well. Joan wanted to get a job with the company.
Dixie's new washing machine broke after only one year of use. She could not afford to get it repaired. She went to the used appliance store. She bought a used washer for less than the repairs would have cost. Dixie's used washing machine lasted for over ten years.
The man had a disorder. He explained it to others. He thought his friends understood. His friends were actually confused. One of them looked it up online.
Martha was walking home from school. Suddenly she found a small lost puppy. Martha checked his collar and found a phone number. When she returned the puppy, the owner gave her a reward. Martha was happy but sad to say goodbye to the puppy.
Frank was excited that he just washed his truck. It took him forever to wash his truck. He looked at his truck and smiled. That's when the birds came and pooped on the front window. Frank was so furious, he had to clean the front window again.
My boyfriend has been playing video games since he was a teenager. He is so committed he plays from after work until bedtime. He was concerned I would get bored at night while he was playing. So he bought me my own playstation and taught me to play. Now we are two 50 year olds play online games together as a team.
It was Mother's Day. Sharon was given a basket to celebrate. Inside, there was some chocolate. There was also some nice soaps and head bands. Sharon enjoyed the basket.
At a football game, we had to drive 4 hours to reach the destination. We stopped at a mall food court on the way. While the band teachers weren't paying attention, we ran. We ran through the mall screaming loudly. All of us ended up getting detention.
Chris always wanted to be an actor in a play. He had taken acting lessons and was pretty good. There was a community theater down the street holding auditions. Chris went and auditioned for the lead role in a play. He got the lead role and opening night for the town is in two months!
Sammy wanted to surprise his girlfriend. It was their third date and he wanted to do something special. He went out and bought her a new Mercedes. She was happy when she got it. It meant he remembered her talking about how much she liked them.
Tim was a very curious child who was interested in the solar system. His mom wanted to aid in his curiosities. She bought him a telescope so he could see all the planets. Tim was so happy when he unwrapped the telescope. He spent the next few weeks exploring the solar system.
Hillary went to her first Shakira concert. She wasn't sure what to expect. Hillary also didn't speak a word of Spanish. She had an unbelievably fun time at the energetic event. Now Hillary's a huge Shakira fan.
Bill had a very important meeting in Washington DC. He left extra early to make sure he arrived on time. Traffic was awful on the interstate. He got on the metro and the train was delayed. He arrived at his meeting with just seconds to spare.
Mona's grandmother warned her never to leave the stove on. Mona was careless after cooking one night. Mona brushed off the warning as just paranoia. She left the stove on with a pot of grease on it from earlier. By the time the fire was put out Mona had lost her home.
I wore my red dress first thing in the morning. My mother put my hair in pigtails. I stood in front of the tv in the living room. As I posed, Frosty played in the background. I sat down to watch the show after the pictures were done.
Rowan had lived in the same small town all his life. When he won a vacation to New York City, he was hesitant. He had read about the crime and worried it was dangerous. Sensing his unease, Rowan's dad gave him a copy of Taxi Driver. After watching the movie, Rowan canceled his trip.
Noah was hungry, and he really wanted pizza. He called up a pizzeria, but their driver was sick! So he tried another one, by they didn't deliver. He tried a third, but they had closed early that night! Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza!
Carl saved up some money from thirty years working in the oil fields. He decided to put his money towards gold bars. The price of gold fell and it seemed like he made the wrong decision. Carl was patient and the price of gold gained in price. Carl now looks like he made a smart decision.
Tim was playing with other kids. They were by the river. Someone dared Tim to jump in. He didn't want to but did anyway. Tim was swept away.
Jane's neighbor was playing his music loudly in his car. Jane waited and waited till she could take no more. Jane went to her neighbor's car and knocked on the window. She asked him politely to turn the music down. Jane was pleasantly surprised when he did so without incident.
Brad and Jim went to their first football game. They spent a lot of money on soda and burgers. Brad went back to get a third burger, but didn't have enough money. Jim covered Brad's food and they enjoyed the rest of the game. Their favorite team won by a landslide.
A bus driver wanted to save gas so he didn't come to a full stop. He slowed down just enough for people to hop on the bus. A man jumped at the doorway but missed. The bus driver felt that if you fell you didn't deserve a ride. He didn't stop to help the man back on the bus.
Trevor found out about an arithmetic test he had tomorrow. He started panicking because he couldn't do arithmetic. His mom noticed Trevor's anxiety and calmed him down. She made Trevor study arithmetic for 30 minutes afterward. The next day Trevor aced his arithmetic.
Jackson loved to eat crackers. He would eat hundreds every day. One day, he ran out of crackers. He rushed to the store to buy crackers. Finally, Jackson was able to eat crackers.
James had to recruit 100 members. He did not know where to start. He signed up to visit high schools. He also went to career fairs. James ended up with 88 members.
Bob was an engineering student in college. Bob enjoyed making batteries. Bob learned a lot from making batteries. Bob went on to be a very successful engineer. Bob credited his early battery making knowledge for his success.
I was driving home from school. This truck was driving near me for several minutes. Regardless of where I turned, it followed me. The driver rolled down the window and smiled at me. Although I was mad at him, I smiled him back.
Steve was a very shy second grader. He never raised his hand nor shouted out to give an answer. But he almost always had an answer. His nice teacher encouraged him to raise his hand the next day. Although he was nervous, a brave Steve finally spoke in class!
My husband got off work early, so I took him to lunch. We had a hard time deciding where to eat. We finally settled on Chinese. The food was great, and we ate far too much. We left the restaurant ready for naps.
Last April I woke to the sound of tornado sirens. I grabbed my son and all the pillows I could muster. We hid downstairs in the utility room. We heard wind tearing at our apartment. When it was over we looked outside at the destruction.
Sandy wanted to visit her friend in California. Sandy looked at web sites for airplane tickets. She found a good deal on a trip the next month. Sandy purchased the tickets and prepared for the trip. Sandy and her friend had a wonderful time during her visit.
I asked a smart professor what I shouldn't say. She said to stay away from sex and recreational drug use. However, she assured me murder was okay. I wrote many stories about homicidal unicorns eating skittles. I made a lot of money and even a bonus for my diligence.
The newspaper was outside. My dad got home from work. He got out of his car. He picked the newspaper up. He took it inside the house.
Billy was very afraid of being in water. One day he decided that he would overcome that fear and learn to swim. He mustered the courage to attend a morning swim class. He was happy that the instructor was so nice and supportive. Billy learned to swim that day and has enjoyed it ever since.
Ralf loved Christmas time. He helped decorate the family tree this year. It was all finished except for the star on top. He reached and stretched to place the star on the very top. Losing his balance, Ralf fell into the tree knocking it down.
Sara had very little money in the bank. Then she received an overdraft notice in the mail. The bank had charged their $10 monthly fee, and Sara had nothing. So they assessed an $39 overdraft fee - each day! Sara, disgusted, closed out her account that very day.
Tim was at a poor carnival. He got on an old ride. The ride broke in the middle of it. Tim was stuck for hours. They only gave him a partial refund.
Sam was driving home when he noticed he was low on gas. He wasn't anywhere near a gas station. He decided to drive further out to find one anyway. Sam had good luck and found one with cheap gas. He filled up his car.
David is competing in the Olympics. David is trying to win a gold medal. He is giving it his best to win. He races and wins. David wins the gold.
We were in town for a conference. A bunch of people decided to go to Casino. We played some table games. A couple people made some good money. But we were tired for rest of trip.
Anna was pregnant and feared giving birth. She started to attend lamaze classes. The classes taught her to control her mind and her breathing. They helped her feel calm and reduce her fear. Anna used lamaze to help her during childbirth.
Bia was from a traditional Indian family. At 16, her parents told her they'd found her a husband. Bia was skeptical and insisted on meeting him. Her parents relented and let the couple meet. To Bia's relief, she actually liked the man very much!
Billy entered a BBQ competition. He bought a couple slabs of ribs to cook for the event. Everyone loved trying out Billy's ribs. The judges were deeply impressed. Billy won first prize.
Dwight believes he can't get sick. He likes to brag about his immune system. Dwight doesn't wash his hands or worry about germs. He says they make you stronger. Today, Dwight missed work because he got the flu.
Jill worked overtime for the past week. She was hoping to come home to dinner and a clean house. Unfortunately that did not happen. Her husband had gone out with his friends. Jill was extremely annoyed.
Sneaky Pete joined a cult. He wasn't a bad man, but he was having a hard life. One day the cult asked him to drink a strange substance. Desperate for acceptance, he drank it. Sneaky Pete was hospitalized for 3 weeks.
Xander got up in the morning before everyone else. He carefully picked out his clothes and got dressed. He ate breakfast quickly so he would be ready to go. His mom helped him into the car and off they went. He ran to his classroom and gave his teacher a huge hug!
The woman cut the fabric. She made it too small for her pattern. She found another pattern. The fabric was big enough for that. She cut the fabric for the new pattern.
Lucy went to her grandparents after school. She was always bored when she was there. Her mother wouldn't let her take her tablet with. She told her grandpa she was bored. She was more bored than ever as they watched Andy Griffith together.
Pip wanted to throw a pretend parade in his yard. He asked his older brothers to march with him. Then he decorated their clothes with glitter and yarn. He asked his mom to come and watch them. Then Pip led the best parade ever!
Sam was doing badly in reading class. His teacher gave him some extra work to help him. His mom helped him with the extra work at home. Sam did his extra studies every day diligently. Soon he was doing much better in reading class!
Frank showed up to a doctor's office for treatment. He stood waiting while the desk person ignored him. She instead trained a coworker on how to check him in. Frank stood in front of the desk becoming very frustrated. He felt as though he wasn't there at all!
I went to visit my sister who lived in a neighborhood on a hill. A big storm with dark clouds blew in. The neighbors came to the door. They told us that there was a tornado in the sky to the north. We all went outside and watched the tornado until it was gone.
Last weekend, Sierra, the Human Resource Manager worked a shift. She brought her German Shepherd named Bear. Bear laid down, but when an employee stood up Bear attacked. He bit a Hispanic worker and a black worker. The black worker contacted an attorney, he felt disciplined by Bear.
Chris was a punk rock guy. He wanted to dye his hair blue. He visited a stylist. He asked the stylist to dye his hair blue. The stylist dyed his hair blue.
Ted lost his car keys. He looked everywhere for them. He looked under his couch and behind his nightstand. He looked high and low, but could not find his keys. Ted eventually found his keys in his coat pocket.
Amanda had just started kindergarten. Her mother usually packed a lunch for her. One day mom had no time to pack a lunch. She send money with Amanda to buy lunch. Amanda loved the school lunch.
Morgan is playing in her softball tournament game. Morgan wants to have a good game to impress her parents. Her first at bat she gets a hit. Her second bat she gets another hit. The third time she comes to bat she hits a home run and wins the game!
Jim designed a fun game website in his spare time. He shared it with some friends, and it became popular. One morning Jim woke to a message in his inbox. A major company wanted to buy Jim's site for $15 million! Jim was overjoyed!
Bill hadn't been having a good day. First his car broke down. Then he spilled nacho cheese all over his shirt. Bill pulled into the driveway tired. He opened the door to his house to find all of his friends and family!
Timothy gambled all his money away while in Vegas. He was left with only 100 dollars left in his pocket. Timothy went to Burger King and bought a hamburger. He sat on the sidewalk thinking of what to do. Timothy went back to the casino and gambled his remaining money.
Jamie was active in her community. When it was election time, she volunteered for her party. She went door to door to raise awareness of their platform. Jamie pushed herself to get as much information out as possible. When her candidate won, she was proud.
Brandon wants to be known as a successful musician. That's why many people were surprised when he did something desperate. Brandon picked a basket full of Avocados from his garden. He posted on facebook he had Avocados for sell for one dollar. Then he posted his price is ten cents less than grocery stores.
The bunny was scared. He'd been drinking water in the garden. Suddenly, a cat had jumped out at him. The bunny ran under the fence and escaped. He stayed away from that yard from now on.
I went to the store to buy a window treatment last week. I wanted something light and airy but fun. After hours of searching I found the perfect curtains. I went home and quickly put them up. Unfortunately in my haste I didn't notice they didn't match.
Peter brought his girlfriend to the park. He laid out a picnic blanket. Together they shared a nice meal together. Then Peter proposed to her. She screamed and said yes.
Penny did not feel well. She decided to go the doctor for help. The doctor ran some tests on Penny. He found the cause of her illness. Penny was diagnosed with mono.
I attended my first day of Orientation yesterday. It was a long day. There was so much information presented. I took a lot of notes. I am sure I will not remember it all.
Last year Bob was an inch too short to get on the big coaster. This year when he walked up to the measuring stick he was tall enough. He proudly got into the front car with his dad. He couldn't believe how much fun it was! He rode it four times that day.
Taylor started working for a man named Mark. She wanted to make a good impression on him. She began asking questions about him in hopes of finding an affinity. She learned that he was a great guitar player. Taylor and Mark ended up forming a band together.
Jane tried to cook breakfast for the family. She gathered pancake mix and started to make a pancake. Since she forgot to put butter on the pan, the pancake was burned. Her mom took the pan and cleaned it up for her. The pancake ended up in the trash.
Gina's siblings were playing Spades. As a result she had the TV to herself. Her favorite Sci-Fi show was on the air. And they were airing a marathon. Gina was able to catch up on a whole season in one day.
Beth was going to lunch with her sister. Her sister was recently engaged and planning her wedding. She handed Beth a little purple box. Inside was a necklace and a note. The note was asking Beth to be her bridesmaid and Beth said yes.
Lisa and her friend Molly loved to make mud pies. They would mix the mud with water and shape it. Then they would decorate it with moss and stones. One day Lisa took a big bite out of one of them. She had forgotten they were made of mud!
Stacy moved away from her hometown after finishing high school. After she left, her parents also moved away. However, her parents had a hard time selling their old house. Stacy decided to spend the next summer at home to fix up the house. Because of this, the house sold within the next year.
I poured some juice. I started drinking it. It was too sour! I decided to heat it up in the microwave. I accidentally heated it in a metal glass so the microwave broke.
Reese made an astronaut helmet for his younger brother. The brother tried it on and started playing pretend. Reese went outside hours later. His brother had strapped fireworks to the back of his bicycle. As he lit the match, Reese ran out and yelled he wasn't an astronaut.
My baby was born not long ago. He woke me up in the middle of the night last night. I was tired and still had to go to work. When I came home, I had to feed the baby before I could go to sleep. Parenting can be hard.
I was practicing my three point shot the other day. I was out on the court for hours. I set a new record for three pointers made in a row. I can't wait to tell all my friends about my new record. I hope they believe me!
Ivy's parents announced that they were taking in an exchange student. Ivy was unhappy at first because it meant living with a stranger! Ivy was shy and thought it would be a challenge. But the new student was shy too, so soon she and Ivy bonded! They worked to overcome their language barrier and become friends!
Frank is a teacher who is ready for it to be summer. He has two more weeks until school is over and he's struggling. He thinks of creative ways to make time go by faster. He gives his students a daily project to work on. Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy.
Ken had lots of muscles. He was a professional bodybuilder. He liked to work hard and then pose in front of the crowd. Ken was very diligent about what he ate. He had big dreams of making a career out of bodybuilding.
JD has recently experienced a bad breakup. His girlfriend of 6 Year's broke up with him unexpectedly At first JD was devastated. However, he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend. It was then that he realized she made the right decision.
Tim was mad at his parents. He decided to live underground. He dug a large hole. He realized it was too much work. He then decided to stay home with his parents.
Tim was going out with friends. He thought they were going to a fancy bar. Tim decided to dress up in a suit. They actually wound up at a sketchy dive bar. Tim felt ridiculous being the only one so well dressed.
Sarah was hungry, so she went to the kitchen. In the kitchen, Sarah saw she had peanut butter and bread. Sarah spread the peanut butter onto the bread. Then, Sarah ate the peanut butter bread. Sarah wasn't hungry any more.
The windows were dirty. The woman cleaned them well. She walked to throw away the cleaning supplies. She heard a loud bang. A bird had ran into the clean window.
Jonathan made a big deal of buying a sailboat. It was so important to him, he told everyone he knew. He went to the bank and got a loan for it. He went to the docks and bought the boat. When it was finally his, he made a big party, and invited everyone.
Johnson loved to collect coins. He owned thousands of them. One day he found a new coin on the ground. He had never seen it before. Johnson later found out that it was worth millions.
Chad was eight Year's old and growing fast. One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet. She took him to the mall to get new shoes. Chad tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair. He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence.
Walter went to see a doctor. He had problems with his heart. They run some tests on him. His heart was not in a good condition. A doctor told him to quit smoking immediately.
Cora was playing baseball in her yard. She accidentally hit the ball too hard. It struck her mom's window and broke it! Cora had to pay for the window out of her allowance. She wished she hadn't broken the window!
Abby always loved Christmas time as a child. Abby's father always had a white beard, and would play Santa. Abby would tell the neighborhood children that her dad was Santa. Abby also loved when her dad would bring her presents to her as well. Abby always cherished her Christmas memories of her Santa dad.
Today, my mom brought home apples. I love apples so I immediately went to eat one. I bit straight into the apple and saw something strange. There was a weird brown hole in my apple. It turns out, there was a worm in the core of the apple.
Kelley went to a Mexican restaurant. She had a frozen margarita. It tasted amazing. She couldn't wait to drink it again. She ordered a few more times.
Neil was visiting Tehran, and he was hungry. He longed for a taste of home. He decided to order a pizza. When it came, he was surprised. It was on strange flatbread and covered with corn!
The man scrubbed the dish. It would not come clean. He asked his roommate about it. His roommate looked guilty. He suspected his roommate of ruining the dish.
Jared hid a thumb drive in a can of coffee. He didn't think the police would find it there. The police brought in a dog with special training. The dog instantly went to the coffee grounds. The police found the drive Jared had hidden.
Sally decided to make an apple pie for her family. Sally went to the store and got all of the ingredients. Sally got home and put together the pie and baked it. Sally took the pie to her family's house for supper. Sally was happy when everyone complimented her pie.
Mary's kids were heartbroken. Their pet dog had gotten sick and died. Everyday the kids cried for the death of their dog. One day Mary came home with a puppy as a gift for her children. The kids were no longer crying tears of sadness, but tears of joy.
Hillary's husband was the president. She also had political aspirations. However, her husband's woman chasing put this in jeopardy. She had to do something to prevent this. She intimidated the woman and hid any evidence.
Cathy was worn down. She just wanted to have some quiet. Her kids were whining and crying and fighting. She screamed at them to be quiet. They started bawling and then Cathy's stress got worse!
Tom needed to print out some papers. His printer said it was out of ink. Tom went to the store to get more. ONce there he noticed a new printer would be cheaper. Tom bought that instead.
Gina went outside to play with her sisters. But she couldn't find them. She walked around the block and to the store. They were nowhere to be found. Gina sat on the front step waiting for them to return.
I did dangerous things on my bike. My parents grounded me from my bike. I went to a friend's home and borrowed his spare bike. I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed. I limped home, bleeding, to the "i told you so" of my parents.
Sally was cooking spaghetti. She was making the sauce from scratch. As she was cooking, she got distracted. When she was adding the spices, she poured in too much garlic. Everyone said the sauce tasted good despite the extra garlic.
Barry was walking home from school. But he saw a pit bull wandering around. He decided to turn around and go the other way. But the pit bull chased after him. Barry yelled for help and ran as fast as he could.
Aaron had a slight cold. His mother told him not to swim. Aaron's mother went to the store. He went and swam anyway. Aaron got sick.
Eddie was one of the biggest kids in his grade. He was only 12, but he was already six feet tall. One day, Eddie saw a worm on his desk and started screaming. Everyone in the class burst out laughing. Eddie was very embarrassed to have looked so silly.
My father took us to a professional basketball game. Our home team was losing badly. Many of the fans were disappointed in the team and left for home. We stood up and moved our seats closer to the action. Our favorite player shook our hands.
Jen loved swimming in the ocean. One day she spotted a shark swimming towards her. Jen screamed at the top of her lungs. The entire beach was alerted of the shark. Luckily the shark swam away.
Todd slid off the snowy highway into a field. He locked his keys in the car when he got out to look. He was able to walk to a house and call a tow truck. The tow truck driver was able unlock the car. Todd made it home after the driver towed the car to Todd's house.
Tim was not having a good day at all. It was Monday, and Tim dislikes Mondays the most. But, Tim decided he would try to make the day better. So Tim went to get a gym membership and workout. Tim felt much better and is now excited for future Mondays.
Lucinda wasn't very bright. She believed everything people told her. She thought that left was right and that the sun set in the east. But even though her brain wasn't very brilliant, she had a nice heart. She always gave half her lunch to a homeless person without thought.
Marty had spent month entering online sweepstakes. He was become disappointed that he never won. However, he persevered. He believed that he would eventually win. After months of losing Marty gave up.
Andrew's dad woke Andrew up early to rake the backyard. Andrew was sleepy and hated to do this. But his dad promised him they would go to the movies if he did it. So Andrew got it done in an hour. Him and his dad went to the movies after.
The plants in Helen's study have always been greener. The ones in their living room are a duller green than them. Her husband has noticed this before and always wondered why. Helen one day tells him that she talks to the plants in her study. He begins to test it by talking to the plants in the living room.
Ethan wanted a happy meal, but he was gluten free. He and his mom went to McDonald's anyway. They looked carefully at the menu. Ethan decided to order a hamburger happy meal. He thoroughly enjoyed his food.
My third grade class had a paper plane contest. The winner would receive a gift certificate for Pizza Hut. I put all my effort into designing the best airplane. My airplane flew well but it was no contest against Bill. Billy had used tape and scissors but the teacher never found out.
When Lynn was twenty-three she was told she could never have children. She felt devastated but accepted it. Years later she met a guy and they fell in love. After years of being together Lynn started feeling sick. She decided to try a pregnancy test and it came out positive.
I got a tie from my step dad. It was polka dotted. I remembered how to tie it from a job I had when I was younger. After putting on my shirt, I tied the tie properly. After checking myself in the mirror, I was proud of my tie knot.
Eden wanted to get her father a new tie. Sunday was his birthday. She went to the store with her mother. She found a tie with little terriers on it. It would be the perfect birthday gift.
Eddie was a church deacon. So he shocked a lot of people when he did what he did do. He left a note on Charles' door to see him at once. Eddie screamed and hollered at Charles about shower water. Eddie demanded Charles shower in cooler water and not make steam.
Jared wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He decided to make her breakfast in bed. Unfortunately he was a terrible cook. He wound up burning everything and setting off the alarm. His girlfriend woke up freaking out and angry.
Tanner needed food fast. He grabbed the nearest thing. He opened the can of soup. He warmed it up. He ate it for dinner.
Henry was walking home late one night. The area was dark and remote. Some thugs came running toward Henry. He tried to run, but wasn't fast enough. The thugs robbed and beat Henry, leaving him on the street.
Alex's indoor cat slipped out the house one day. She tried calling him back in, but he wouldn't come. Off in the distance, a family of raccoons waddled out of the bushes. The cat was terrified and raced back in, fur fluffed up in fear. Alex left some cookies outside afterwards to thank the raccoons.
When I was little I had a dog named Cozy. When she was a puppy she escaped from our backyard. I couldn't find Cozy and was devastated. My dad went out to search the block for Cozy. After hours he found Cozy a few blocks over and brought her home.
I recently admitted to myself that I am an atheist. I used to pretend that I was Christian, despite not reading the Bible. I never really believed in a god anyways. I just pretended to, in case when I died I wouldn't go to Hell. I now know better, and am no longer afraid to admit that I am atheist.
Kate dyed her jeans. But they came out way too blue. She decided to wash them and hope they would mellow. When they finished she took them out of the washer. She was mortified to see the dye has stained the washer interior.
The other day my coat ripped. I contemplated sewing it but decided to buy a new one instead. I headed over to Macy's  and saw a beautiful red coat. When I checked the price tag, thankfully it was on sale. When I tried it on it fit like magic.
Andy bowled in the city tournament last week. But he wasn't sure he was good enough to compete. Luckily, everyone received a handicap based on their average. Andy bowled pretty well and with his handicap came in 4th. Now Andy bowls in tournaments every year.
Three days ago I brought a banana to school for lunch. I forgot the banana in my locker. Today I went to get the banana and it had turned black. I threw the banana away. I decided not to leave food in my locker ever again.
James had wanted a pet for a long time. He looked up online what pets would be suitable for him. After much deliberation, he decided he wanted a bearded dragon. He went to a local reptile shop and picked one up. James loved his bearded dragon!
There once lived a man who loved birds. It did not matter what type of bird it what this. He loved bluebirds, partridges, pigeons. He loved him so much, they took over his life. This man became a hermit, with 530 birds.
Bob was watching TV and changed it to the weather channel. The weather lady predicted a lot of rain in the middle of the day. Bob was worried that this will ruin his picnic. He decided to cancel the picnic. It turns out the weather lady was wrong and Bob was mad.
One day I was working, when I felt hungry. I decided I felt like pizza, so I got in my car. I drove to the nearest Little Caesars. I got out of my car and walked into the store. I bought one large pepperoni pizza.
Rodney was getting ready to move to a new house. He packed up all his possessions into boxes. When the moving truck came he helped load everything. At the new house he helped them unload everything. When he was done he was so tired!
Anna had many weeds on her lawn. She decided to make use of them. She picked all the daisies. Then she began tying them together. Anna made a daisy chain ten feet long!
John was out one night galavanting with his buddies. One of them said he knew of a haunted house. They decided to drive to the house. Once they found it, they all felt a cold chill. Suddenly, they peeled away as fast as they could!
Eric Set up three alarm clocks so he would get up for work. While Eric was trying to sleep his neighbor was throwing a party. The music from next door kept Eric awake for hours. When 6:00 am came all the alarms started going off. But Eric was too tired from the noise and he slept through them all.
Sam was driving around. He noticed he was low on gas. He tried to get more at a gas station but they were closed. He didn't know where another near one was. He barely made it before running out.
Randy was struggling to finish his college thesis paper. He kept writing and rewriting certain sections, but was still unhappy. He decided to take a walk and clear his head. He took a long stroll and listened to music while doing so. An hour later, he tackled the paper with renewed energy and new ideas.
Terry is on a ski trip with his friends. Terry could not wait to get out and ski. It was night when they arrived so he couldn't ski yet. He had a nice big dinner and headed to bed. The next morning Terry woke up very sick and couldn't ski.
Chef Mia was preparing her famous soup when something caught her eye. A rat scurried across the kitchen floor. She was devastated and immediately called the exterminator. The exterminator team arrived within the hour and purged the kitchen. Mia was relieved to have her kitchen restored.
Gina's music teacher was out for surgery. Gina knew she would be gone for awhile. But a month later she couldn't believe she was still gone. Gina inquired about her return. She was sad to hear she wouldn't be back before summer break.
Kendall was at the park with her friends. They were running around playing tag. Kendall was climbing on a slide when she got stuck. She yanked herself free, ripping her shirt sleeve in the process. Luckily her mom was able to fix the shirt the same day.
Dan and Rob were eating corn on the cob alone. They both laughed when Dan slipped on butter. They decided to try and skate with the butter. They put butter on the floor and slid around laughing. Their mother was furious when she saw the mess.
Ellie's grandmother told her to get one teaspoon of cinnamon. She carefully measured it before giving it to her grandmother. They finished the cookies. When Elly had one she realized there was a problem. She had given her grandmother red pepper instead of cinnamon!
All Kay's friends had laptops. She wanted one, but couldn't afford it. Then on her first day of senior year, her dad gave her a gift. He had saved all summer to buy her a laptop! Kay was so happy she almost cried.
One morning Samantha decided to go on a hike. She began her trek along a remote mountain trail. As she passed by a bush she heard a rustle. Thinking it was a bear, she jumped back. It was only a squirrel afterall.
Beth and her sister Ali were at May's house, Ali and May's sister Val hated each other. Beth and May had to break up a fight between them. Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting. She could get no where since the girls just blamed each other.
Lauren was practicing for the talent show. She performed for her friends everyday to make sure she was ready. Lauren was very confident in her abilities. She surprised everyone with her talent. Lauren won second place and a prize.
One day Julie hit her baby brother. He was playing with her toys without asking her for permission. Julie's mom saw her hit him and told her never to do that again. She told Julie to use her words instead of her hands. Julie learned that violence is never the way to solve problems.
Tom was cleaning his apartment. He kept finding change in different places. Tom found several quarters. He put all the money together and counted it up. He had several dollars to do laundry.
I bought a tiny round lip gloss yesterday. The container was shaped like a cartoon character, drawing me in. I loved the smell of the gloss, and breathed it in deeply. After much consideration, I decided to purchase it. I smiled happily about my gloss as I waited to check out.
Heather had just arrived home from work. Her husband announced that he had a surprise for her. He led her, eyes covered, into their bedroom. When he uncovered her eyes, she saw a beautiful vanity table. It was the perfect vanity of her dreams.
Tom's family forced him to purchase a lotto ticket. He finally decided to make the purchase. Due to the fact that he's not concerned, he threw the ticket away. Someone inside of the store decided to pick it up. A few days later, his lotto numbers were announced.
This was John's first time driving in Australia. He was unfamiliar with driving on the left side of the road. He got in his rental and noticed right away something different. The steering wheel was on the right side of the car. John returned the rental car and chose to go by bus.
The doll caught on fire. The girl thought it was funny. She watched it burn. It caught the house on fire. The whole house burned down.
Francisco has always dreamed of a vacation in New Orleans. After Years of planning out his trip, he is ready. In New Orleans, Francisco samples gumbo and other delicious food. When his trip is over, he is very sad to leave. However, he will always have the wonderful memories of New Orleans.
Jon's friends told him he had a secret valentine. He got excited and bought chocolates for his secret valentine. His friends said she will come to his house on Valentine's Day. On V-Day, his friends came to his house and revealed it a prank. Jon angrily kicked his friend out and ate candy by himself.
Megan was in line at the bank. While she waited she began texting. Suddenly her phone slipped and fell to the ground. She was nervous it was broken as she picked it up. Luckily it was fine save for one small scratch.
Wendy was at the skating rink. She didn't want to skate anymore. Wendy walked off of the skating area. She took off her skates. She called her parents to take her home.
Jen went to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with her parents. While there, she learned a lot. She expected to feel oppressed. But instead, she thought their culture was beautiful. Jen was enlightened by her experience.
Kelly was in the skating finals. She was very good, but knew she had to focus. She skated out on the ice. Kelly skated beautifully, hitting all of her tricks. Kelly got perfect tens and won.
Simon grew all of his own vegetables. One day he got an idea to open a salad bar. He started growing more and more vegetables. He rented out an empty building and renovated it. Nobody came to Simon's salad bar, it had been a failure.
Gina borrowed a new dress from her friend Alexandra. She put it on and drank some orange juice. Unfortunately, she spilled some of it on the dress. She had to clean the stain before giving it back. But all went fine as Alexandra didn't notice it at all.
Sara was waiting or a package. Soon, the box arrived. She opened it, but it wasn't the item she ordered. Then, she checked the label. The package was for someone else at a different address.
Henry went to the library to study. He logged on his laptop to access several documents. It shut down since the battery was running low. Henry couldn't go home since he had no ride. He ended up doing nothing for 1-2 hours.
Sasha braided her hair. When she got to school it was messed up. She asked her friend for help. They went into the bathroom together. They fixed her hair.
I went to paint my nails yesterday. Stupidly I did them on my bedroom floor. Subsequently my polish stained the carpet. I tried getting it out but couldn't. It was there forever.
Matt really loved Star Wars. He was really excited to see the new movie. He went to buy tickets, but they were all sold out. Matt was sad about not being able to buy tickets. Then he found some tickets on the ground and he was happy.
Presley Adams was named after Elvis Presley. Her parents were huge fans of the King. Presley found his music hokey and old-fashioned. When she moved out, she had her name legally changed. Later she came to like Elvis' music and regretted the change.
Jerod took his girlfriend to Disneyland. They wore matching shirts. Everyone kept stopping them to comment on their shirts. They sent me a picture of them looking at Cinderella's Castle. Their shirts were of Beauty and The Beast.
Tom worked very hard all day. By the end of the day he was famished. He went home and asked his wife to cook dinner. His wife cooked dinner. Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite.
Allie was driving to school. All the sudden someone cut her off. Before she knew it they went out of their car. They yelled at Allie. Allie was so scared that she ran away.
Jason's family plays secret santa every year. Jason was assigned to be his sister's secret santa. His sister loves coloring. Jason got his sister a coloring book and a box of crayons. His sister loved her secret santa gift.
Dora's son surprised her by joining band. Then, he came home saying he was going to play a solo. Dora listened to him rehearse, always messing up one note. In the audience, Dora waited for her son to play. Dora forgot about the messed up note when she heard the applause.
Joe wanted new shoes. The ones he wanted were too expensive. He finally saved up enough to buy them. When he went to buy them, they were gone. He was disappointed about his shoes.
Lucy knelt in front of her toy box. She searched through the toys. She was looking for nothing specific. She was hoping something would catch her attention. After 20 minutes she gave up on toys, and went to jump rope alone.
Paul's donkey was loyal and reliable. For a few weeks, townspeople mocked him for riding one. They felt surely horses were always more dignified. The donkey's surefootedness kept him safer than the other riders. They had been humbled by Paul's animal, who taught them this lesson.
We used to have a big house in the country. We had a problem with field mice coming in. We decided to get a cat. He was good at catching mice. We never saw another live mouse in the house.
Jason was extremely excited for his birthday. He woke up early. All of Jason's friends showed up at the party. Jason began opening up the presents. He discovered a brand new playstation 4.
The last day of my relationship was a very difficult one. I had to accept that things had simply changed between us. I went through the motions of a regular day, but I was heartbroken. I ended up consoling myself with popcorn and an old sappy movie. After I had a good cry watching the movie, I felt a little bit better.
James was 10 years old and wanted to be a cheerleader. His father told him that only girls were cheerleaders. James went to tryouts at his school anyway. To his shock, he made it into the team! His father decided he was proud of him after all.
Kelley got right on the starburst ride. She was very scared. The ride started going up in the air. Kelley screamed. She wanted the ride to be over.
Megan and Blake went to a movie. It was Megan's turn to choose. She picked a romantic comedy. Blake fell asleep. The whole theatre heard him snore.
They had a party at work to celebrate everyone's achievements. They rented a suite at the ballpark. They had food catered and brought in some bartenders. Everyone enjoyed all the conversation and merriment. We appreciated the recognition they provided to us.
Sierra needed to write an essay for class. The topic was an influential adult in her life. She couldn't think of anyone so she made someone up. She wrote an entire story about a fake adult friend. The essay ended up getting a pretty good grade.
I walked downtown today I saw an old friend of mine I ask the friend what he was doing these days The old friend said that he was homeless now I asked the friend if he would like something to eat
One day I had a cap fall off my tooth. My mother decided to do something about the gap in my smile. She super glued the cap back on and it seemed to work. But super glue doesn't do well when it gets wet. So now I'm back to having a gap in my teeth.
Tim wanted to meet new friends. Tim decided to go to the outdoor volleyball courts. Tim asked to play. Tim was allowed to play. Tim made new friends and had fun.
Trevor was looking forward to his big trip to the beach. He did not apply sunscreen because it was not very hot out. He had fun swimming and relaxing at the beach. When he went home he realized he had sunburn all over his body. Trevor cried and regretted his decision to neglect sun protection.
Tabby was at the beach with her family. She was swimming in the waves with her siblings. Suddenly a wave hit her face. Water bombarded her mouth, making her feel sick. She got out of the water and took a big sip of fresh water.
The receptionist wanted to help Gina. Gina looked down at the ground. The lady repeated herself. Gina looked up slowly. The receptionist smiled, and buzzed the principal.
Chris was running late to work. He tried to take a shortcut away from the highway. However, when he did, he ended up in a construction zone. He had to wait for the workers to finish. Once they were done he was able to pass, but he was still late.
Tim got two ferrets from the mall. The ferrets are very energetic. The ferrets like to destroy his shoes. Tim put his shoes high up in the closet. The ferrets can't get to his shoes anymore.
Jimmy was up to bat in a baseball game. Another player was on first. Jimmy hit the ball hard to the right. The outfielder could not grab the ball. Jimmy ended up getting an RBI.
Lisa had always wanted to try making jewelry. She started by creating some earrings. That inspired her to make even more. Lisa continued to make more earrings. She was happy that she was making jewelry.
Brent and his friends were at lunch laughing and joking. They began to argue. His friends challenged Brent to go through a haunted house. Despite his fears, he went through a whole haunted house. The next day he was able to poke fun at his friends for not.
Kay's driver door window was stuck down on her car. As she sat at her desk it began to rain hard. All Kay could think about was the open window on her car. When she got off work the rain had stopped. Kim's seat was so soaked she had to sit on her jacket driving home.
My Aunt called me at work today. She said she had a funny story to tell me. I couldn't talk right then but I called her back after work. Apparently she got into another person's car when she left the store. She said it was the same as hers only she didn't have a dog!
Amy wanted to go bike riding, but Kim's bike had a flat tire. Amy decided to pull Kim on skates behind her bike. Kim held a rope as Amy began riding the bike. Kim held the rope tight as Amy rode faster, and faster. Kim hit a rock and fell, skinning her knee.
Andy loved to fish. However, this trip was even more special for Andy. It was Andy's birthday, and his friends organized a fishing trip. Andy was packed, and ready for his fishing adventure with his friends. Andy was glad that he was going to be fishing with his friends.
Jane was spring cleaning. She sent her kids outside to play. Then she washed her cupboards and floors. Soon the house was sparkling clean. Jane was so happy with her clean house!
Anita was a nice person who loved her son. At one point, she needed to have a minor surgery. The surgery went well, but Anita seemed to come home upset. Her attitude toward her son changed and never changed back. Her surgery made her treat her son like she hated him.
Paris is from London and moved to America to be a coach. He played soccer his whole life. He wanted to help kids reach their dreams. He got a great job as a coach. Paris did well and made a lot of money.
Diana celebrated her birthday in a large hall. Her friends and family organized the place for her. Around midnight, a shootout occurred. A lot of people, including myself, suffered from injuries. We were rushed to the hospital.
I wanted something good to read. I went to the local barnes & noble. Inside, I saw several interesting book genres. I checked out several different books. I bought two books and brought them home.
A tree fell in Ray's backyard. He cut up the wood and made planks out of it. With all the wood he made a shed where the tree was. He carved a poem in the door of the shed. Every time he opened the shed he recited the poem.
Two friends traveled to New Zealand for a vacation. They met some locals playing a strange sport with a ball. The friend joined in the game and had a good time. One friend thought he scored a goal and celebrated. The locals were just letting him think he did something good.
Jim found out his girlfriend was pregnant He wanted it to be a girl so bad He went to the store and bought everything for a baby girl His girlfriend went to the doctor to find out the baby's gender It was a boy
Gray was a little boy who hated to take naps. When his mom tried to put him down for a nap, he fought and fought. One day, Gray's mom told him to just lay down and go to sleep. Gray got a cup of milk, drank it, and went to sleep. From then on, Gray's mom let him fall asleep on his own.
Sarah entered into a local cupcake competition. She entered her recipe for strawberry shortcake. The judges picked Sarah' cupcake as one of the top 5 entries. Ultimately, Sarah one the 3rd place trophy. She felt proud of her accomplishment that day.
Tim was feeling a bit down. He had taken all his mood medicine too fast. He wasn't able to get more until his next appointment. Tim decided to take other medicine he thought was similar. It made things worse.
Frank needed a new barber. He went into the first barbershop he saw. There was an elderly woman with glasses. Nervously, Frank got his hair cut. Frank ended up with the best haircut ever!
Fred just woke up from a dream. He realizes he can't move. He starts getting terrified. He sees a figure move closer to him. Suddenly, it all disappears and he can move again.
Skip is with his friends. Skips friends decide to go skinny dipping. They tell skip to jump in and join them. Skip is unsure and doesn't know what to do. Skip chickens out and leaves.
Kate worked in construction with many males. Kate experienced several instances of racial discrimination. Kate sued the men who discriminated against her and won. Kate was awarded a large sum of money. Because of Kate's sudden windfall, she was able to retire.
Gina had chosen to go to the high school her friend chose. As the summer wore on Gina grew tired of her bossy friend. She began to rethink her school choice. She fretted over her decision for weeks. The day before school started she decided to change schools.
Christmas came quickly for Ana. It was a week left and Ana hadn't bought anything. She was broke and needed some fast cash. Ana went out and got a small loan. She ended up paying back 3 times the amount because of the interest.
Amber wanted to surprise her husband on his birthday. She bought gifts at the store. She set them up while he was at work. Her husband came home from work. He was surprised to see her party.
Will needed a new backpack for school. And he found out a big sale at an office store. But he told himself that he was in no rush. And he went a few hours before the store closed. When he got there, there were no backpacks left.
Neil was visiting Scandinavia. He had just arrived in Denmark. He was awed by the beauty of the nature and cities there! He toured for weeks, loving every day there. Denmark was a shockingly beautiful country, thought Neil.
Toby and his buddy wanted to play horseshoes. They set it up in his backyard. They began to play. Toby and his friend were both quite good. Toby won by just one point in the end.
The Smith family went to the county fair. After they ate corndog and cotton candy they watched a circus. When the circus was over they all rode the merry-go-round. On their to their car they played games for prizes. It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year!
Gina was driving on a icy winding road. The road was near a bike, and walking path on a parkway. Gina lost control and almost slid onto the sidewalk. The pedestrians walking there stopped in terror. At the last moment Gina was able to regain control of the car
One day during his lunch break Rick decided to take a walk. On his walk Rick ran into an acquaintance of his. Rick had met the man a few times but had forgotten his name! Rick decided to gamble guessed that the man's name was Bob. The man's name was actually Jim but they both just laughed it off.
Charles didn't know, one time, if his mom was his biological mother. She had kicked him out her house and didn't care he was homeless. He wondered how she could be so cruel. He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect. On, what he thought, was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom.
Lou was a sweet girl. She had a twin sister. Her sister wasn't very nice. Lou was always being bullied by her twin. The girl's mother had to always intervene to keep the peace.
Devin asked Santa for a telescope for Christmas. On Christmas morning, Devin found his telescope under the tree. That day, Devin assembled his telescope. After dinner, he went outside to view the stars. He was excited to see several constellations with his new telescope.
Jen was meeting her boyfriend's family on Thanksgiving. His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce. That morning, she followed a recipe she had found online. Something went wrong and it was more like soup than sauce. The stores were closed so she had to take it to their house anyway.
I work as a freelance graphic designer. I spent about two weeks working on various designs for a woman. She sent me an email at the end of today. She wants to go with the first design I did. Turns out she liked it best, meaning I wasted hours of work.
Bill had installed a huge underground propane tank on his property. A local propane company filled it with their product. Bill made quite a bit of money from the transaction. He thought nothing could possibly go wrong. That was until he saw the plume of flame rising into the sky.
In 1996, my son's school friend Tom had a birthday party. Tom was turning 7. Tom wanted to go to Castle Island and see the Civil War fort there. Tom was fascinated by the military. When Tom turned 18 he joined the army.
Maria loved going to her book club. She was very involved and read all the books. Except one time she didn't finish the proposed book. When it was time to talk about it, she made stuff up. Everyone agreed with her and she felt like a fraud.
Cindy's back had been hurting. Their mattress was old and needed to be replaced. She had a new mattress delivered and put in her room. She got an amazing night's sleep. She was so thrilled to have a comfortable bed!
Dan left her daughter in the room while he used the bathroom. Dan realized she was a bit too quiet, and ran to check on her. Dan was shocked to see his computer mouse in a glass of water. Dan knew that his mouse had been damaged. Dan was not pleased that he would have to purchase a new mouse.
It was Mary's 15th birthday. She really wanted something special for her birthday. Her parents surprised her with a new bike! Mary rode her bike all afternoon. She was exhausted by the end of the day.
Suzanne entered the kitchen and noticed her flowers. They were all withering and dying. This was the second batch of flowers that died this month. Suzanne sighed and threw them away. She would pick up some new flowers at the shop this week.
I was cleaning out the top cupboard and I hit something with my elbow. It bounced all the way down three shelves and out into the floor. The top broke off on the first bounce. It was a bottle of red food coloring that splashed everywhere. The kitchen looked like a murder scene when the bottle came to a stop.
Bill desired to have an adventure. He asked his friends to join him. They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure. They planned everything out perfectly. They all enjoyed their jungle trek.
Sparky loved Pokemon cards. His dad would take him every weekend to buy some. Sparky took them to school where they were stolen. Sparky was very sad. Sparky leaves his Pokemon cards at home now.
Maggie and her friend were having a sleepover. They decided to play a video game for awhile. They got so into the game, and wouldn't stop playing. Soon, they had spent the entire weekend beating the game. They didn't even get to do the other things they had planned.
Ann was ecstatic to find she won special concert tickets. She learned she was going to go backstage after. She was so excited since it was her favorite singer. Ann finally got to meet the singer and he was very rude. Ann was disappointed since she would never think he was like that.
A mother and her son decided to take a vacation to Tennessee. They booked a stay on a luxurious houseboat. They were upset to find everything covered in mold. It was over 105 degrees and the air conditioning did not work. When the toilet backed up, the two moved to a hotel.
There was a big storm headed towards the East Coast. Paul thought he might have to evacuate. He has scared of hurricanes. It did not seem smart to ride the storm out. Paul decided to go visit friends that lived in the midwest.
Ann wanted to impress her husband with fancy footwork. She wanted to waltz with him at their wedding reception! So she secretly took lessons preparing for the big day. After their ceremony she shocked him with her great dancing. In fact, the whole wedding party was amazed by her fancy footwork!
There was construction down the street from Tom's house. After a while he realized it was a new store. They had a big grand opening that Tom went to. He was able to get several coupons and enter some raffles. Tom won two of them and got some prizes.
The quarterback had to throw a good pass. He reared back his arm to throw. The ball slipped out. He tried to get it back. He got tackled beforehand.
The man went hunting. He saw some game. He shot the game. It was too heavy for him to carry. He had to dissect the animal to carry it.
BILL LIKES TO EAT SWEETS AND COFFEE WITH CREAMER EVERYDAY. HIS TEETH STARTED HURTING WHILE HE WAS DRIVING ACROSS COUNTRY. BILL HAD TO PULL OVER AND FIND AN EMERGENCY DENTAL CLINIC. HE HAD TWO CAVITIES AND HAD TO GET IMMEDIATE ROOT CANALS. BILL STILL EATS SWEETS BUT NOW HE BRUSHES TWO TO THREE TIMES A DAY.
The official discussed the last question of the game. Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer. When he said the answer out loud, the official declared it wrong. Afterwards, the right answers was announced. Jason argued that he said the same answer with a different accent.
Angela got a job delivering pizzas for a restaurant. Angela got lost easily when she drove. She also drove slowly everywhere she went. The pizzas she delivered were always late and cold. Angela didn't last long as a delivery driver.
Me and my friend climb on the guava tree. Suddenly my friend jump on the trunk and i fell off. My head bumped on a rock and it bleed. Luckily someone saw us and the guy take me to the clinic. Since that day i never climb off the tree.
Mike bet his roommate he could guess the future. They sat to watch television. Mike told him everything that would happen next His roommate was a bit shocked but looked it up online. The show was an old rerun.
The rising wind bent the long grass. Jenny watched it dance, and was inspired. She went home and tried to draw what she'd seen. It took her Years and Years of practice. She became an artist, and she makes a lot of money from it.
Lucy dropped her brand new phone and cracked the screen. She begged her parents for a new one and eventually they got her one. As she was walking away from the phone store she dropped it! The screen cracked and she cried and cried! Luckily the manager felt bad and replaced it free of charge!
I made a large cake yesterday. It was chocolate inside and out. I was so happy about it. All of the sudden though, my dog came and wrecked it. I then had to start from scratch.
Damon had a pet octopus. One day, Damon noticed that his octopus had escaped from its tank. He searched all over the house for it. He finally found it in the bathtub, trying to go down the drain. He kept a lock on the tank lid after that mishap.
Heather's daughter saw a superhero movie. She liked one of the character's named Harley Quinn. Heather struggled to find a age appropriate costume. She went to many stores, nothing was in stock. Heather ended up ordering her costume online at a higher price.
Kate was on a date. The guy kept texting on his phone. Kate told him it was rude. He said he would stop but didn't. Kate ended the date early.
Olivia had dreamed of joining her local singing group for years. When they announced open auditions, she was thrilled. She sang for hours daily, and was confident when they called her name. But she could tell by the looks she got the audition hadn't gone well. She was discouraged, but determined to not give up her dream.
We had a huge argument a few days ago. I got mad at my laptop because it was acting strange. I couldn't do any of my work properly. I finally looked at the side of it, and saw the ethernet was unplugged. I plugged it in, and everything worked again.
Tom bought graduation balloons for his friends. He was walking toward the ceremony when he accidentally let go. Wind took the balloons away. Tom told his friend about it and felt bad. The friend understood his good intentions.
Smokey the cat loved spending time outside. One morning, he came back inside smelling like skunk! His family decided to give him a bath. They put water in the sink, lathered him up, and then rinsed him off. Smokey cried the entire time and didn't enjoy his bath at all.
I have so many pictures that I need to develop. I am afraid I may lose them if I do not. I never think about it when I am out. I am going to print a few tomorrow. I hope I remember.
Mary doesn't like cold weather. She would rather stay in the house all winter than go outside. When she gets invited to winter festivities she hardly ever goes. But Mary grumpily endures winter's frost. At least until she can afford to move to warmer state.
The police got into the squad cars and drove to 3 Fam View Road. Once they were all in position the police chief got on the bullhorn. He told the resident, Joe, that he was surrounded and to come out. Joe peeked out of his window and saw the police. He tried to run out the back but was taken down.
My sister was my best friend. One day she got sick and we took her to the hospital. We found out she had diabetes. She started taking her medicine soon after. Today is she healthy and strong.
Susan usually never takes the bus, but one day her car broke down. On the bus, she saw the woman who had been her fifth-grade teacher. Susan and this individual had a fascinating conversation. They exchanged email addresses and phone numbers to stay in touch. Susan wonders if perhaps she should ride the bus more often.
We were famished on our lunch break. We saw a food truck in the parking lot. We walked up to the window. The menu was filled with barbecue foods. We ordered pulled pork sandwiches,
Samantha was decorating for Christmas. She was hanging all of the family's stockings on the mantle. Suddenly she noticed that one was missing. She dug through the Christmas boxes but couldn't find it. Then, she decided to try the Halloween box and found it there.
I had a long day at work. I needed to get home. Unfortunately I had two more hours to go. I decided to just tell my boss that I quit. Now I didn't have to work long days anymore.
Jan was eager to leave school. When she got home she was eager to eat. She always rushed everyone. Her mother explained that she had to be patient. Jan realized she was rude before and was never eager again.
Billy wasn't able to ride the big roller coaster last year. He didn't meet the height requirement. He knew he had grown in the past year. He ran up to the measuring stick to see if he was finally tall enough. He made it by over an inch so he could finally get on it!
My sister-in-law collected elephant figurines for years. Lately she tired of this hobby. She gave me two figurines to sell on eBay. I was unable to sell them. She says she now has a closetful of elephants.
I was in high school. I went to a park with a friend. I lost my friend. I was late for my curfew. I got in trouble.
David noticed his dog was licking his chops non stop. He looked at the dog's mouth and there was a bump on his gums. David took his dog to the vet. The vet gave David some treatment pills for the dog. Within a week the dog was back to normal.
Don bought an avocado at the store. It was fairly fresh and hard. He figured he would wait for it to ripen. Days later Don wanted to make guacamole. The avocado was perfectly ripe for it.
Whitney just started a new job. She is the newest one on the team. She has already had 4 sales. All the boys are jealous of her sales. She is ready to keep on killing it.
Brady wanted a new puppy for his birthday. On his birthday his mommy took him to the pet store. He picked out his very own puppy, a yellow lab. He named him Ziggy. Now Brady and Ziggy are the best of friends.
One day, my mom bought me a gumball from a machine. It was a bright blue gumball and it was very hard. The gumball was so hard that I could barely chew it. Even though it was hard to chew I blew the largest bubbles with it. I blew one bubble so big that it popped all over my face.
Billy went to the mall with his father. He really wanted a new pair of shoes. His father told him if he was good, he would buy him the shoes. Billy was sure to be on his best behavior. Billy's father bought him the new pair of shoes.
Tommy's father is a famous basketball player. Tommy wants to be good at basketball too. Tommy practices everyday after school. Tommy becomes very good at basketball. Tommy and his dad now play basketball all the time.
The plumber was installing a new toilet. He forgot some of the tools that he needed. He called his partner and asked for help. His partner came to his location and gave him some tools. The plumber finished the job.
Maya was on a long flight. She heard her stomach growling, but had no money for food. Apparently, an attendant heard as well and offered Maya a meal. Maya double checked that the food was on the house. It was, so she enjoyed the whole plate.
Carter had a very comfortable chair. One day, he realized it was getting old. He tried to get it repaired. Then, he found it was very expensive to repair. Instead, Carter donated his chair to charity.
Jerry is trying out for basketball. Jerry gives it his all. Jerry waits for the coach's decision. The coach tells Jerry he didn't make it. Jerry failed to make the team.
A boy received a new game from his parents. He sat down to play it immediately. It was totally immersive and he spent many hours on it. In fact, he missed some work shifts because of it and was fired. The boy stopped playing games entirely after that incident.
Allston, MA is totally congested on September 1st. Leases end then and thousands of students move in and out. My son's friend lives in Allston but works downtown. The traffic was very bad, delaying his commute. He was not happy.
It was the end of the soccer season and we decided to have a party. Every season our soccer team has a pasta party. We got everyone together at my house for the event. I made the pasta. When I was done cooking, everyone loved it.
Bob went to the store to buy shorts. He bought some purple shorts. His friends made fun of his shorts. Bob tried to return the shorts. Unfortunately, the store did not accept returns.
One evening Alice was watching a movie with her windows open. Suddenly she heard a frantic meowing from outside. It was a very bloated and starving cat, so she let it in. Alice thought the cat was a boy and sick, so she decided to keep it. A few days later the cat gave her six more cats!
Michael ordered a pepperoni pizza. He had it delivered. After it was delivered he opened the box and saw no toppings or sauce. He was very angry and called to complain. While on the phone, his wife said that he opened the box backwards.
Randi wanted to spruce up her bedroom. She bought a new duvet. It was fluffy and white and beautiful. She felt relaxed and refreshed when she was in her bed now. She decided to buy matching pillows to complete the look.
The woman was designing her new house. She wanted a big stone fireplace in the kitchen. When the architect was finished with the drawings, she loved them! They got to work right away. The fireplace was the first thing they started to build.
Cosmo was a pudgy cat. He did nothing but sleep and eat. One day, he got an exercise ball. He started running more than he ever had before. Now he's fit and muscular!
Tom wanted to purchase a new computer. Tom spent a lot of time on his computer. Tom wanted to upgrade his machine. Tom researched many different types of computers. Tom found a great one and purchased it.
Becky wanted to improve her cooking skills so she signed up for class. The class was baking 101. She needed to be good a baking for her new boyfriend. Luckily at the end of the lessons, she became a much better baker. Her boyfriend agreed as well.
Kia was late for work one morning. She had no time to make breakfast. But she was very hungry! She stopped to a drive-thru on her way to work. Then she ate in her car as she drove.
Mary woke up with a sharp pain in her mouth. She was worried that it might be a cavity. One of her greatest fears was going to the dentist. Mary made an appointment. It turned out that it was a buildup of plaque not a cavity.
Alan really loved to go to clubs. He looked up to the DJs playing at clubs. Alan decided to learn how to DJ. He bought all the equipment he needed. Alan then realised that he didn't have the rhythm to DJ after all.
Sophia was washing dishes one day. Her baby was toddling around the living room nearby. Suddenly she heard a crash and the baby cried out. Sophia found that he had fallen while climbing on furniture. Luckily after some cuddling he felt much better.
Tina had just turned forty. She examined herself in the mirror and thought she looked okay. Then she spotted something terrible. She had her very first gray hair! The gray hair made Tina dejected and self-conscious.
Jan was hungry for something sweet. She got a candy bar from a vending machine. She ate it quickly and licked her fingers. Chocolate made her feel great. Jan promised to eat healthy food the rest of the day.
The Greens live in Atlanta. Last week, they traveled to Canada. There was a lot of snow and ice. Wind chills were well below zero. The Greens are happy to be back in warm Atlanta!
The sun rose yellow-gold over the snow-covered Colorado mountains. He watched as a weary owl flew low against the brightening sky. Suddenly, the owl swooped, finding a tasty, slow mouse still awake. It finished its breakfast in flight, a shadow against the rising sun. Stomping snow off, he watched the owl disappear into the morning sky.
Natalie begged her mom to get a small fish tank for her bedroom. Her mother bought her the tank, two frogs, and one beta fish. Natalie's mother told her that the tank was her responsibility. Natalie was expected to remember to feed them and she forgot too. Because she forgot to feed the fish, a frog in the tank passed away.
Tony liked to play fetch with dogs. Tony's new dog would not play fetch. Tony was upset his dog wouldn't play fetch with him. He started using treats to entice the dog to play fetch with him. Tony was happy the dog started playing fetch with him.
Lucy was watching TV at her friend Lisa's house. Lisa's grandparents let her watch what she wanted. The girls watched cartoons for hours. Lucy's grandma came to bring her back home. Lucy was sad to leave since she never got to watch cartoons at home.
Mark Makonie is a rapper from Long Beach. He is on tour with a younger rapper named Young Blue. A magazine teased Mark on facebook for performing one song on tour. On facebook Mark posted a photo of his $2,000 check for the one song. The magazine posted an apology because they looked bad.
Little Joey was walking in the neighborhood. Spotting a cute little kitten he wondered how he could get it home. He found a shoelace and tied it to the kitten. He walked the kitten home. He took the lace off and told his mother it followed him.
It was Kelly's first day of school tomorrow and she needed clothes. She decided to take a trip to the local mall to pick up some things. As she strolled through the mall she picked up many outfits. She was thrilled to have new clothes to be seen in. She was sure no one would have what she had.
Casey went skateboarding on the boardwalk. He went too fast and hit a woman. He apologized and she smiled and say it was ok. He asked her for her number. She gave it to him and they agreed to get coffee some time.
Last week my friends and I went to a trampoline park. As soon as we got there, I ran for the nearest trampoline. I started bouncing and having fun. Yet unfortunately my knees became all rough from falling. My body ached for another week after.
There is a huge tree in my backyard. I usually climb the tree and sit on one of the limbs. While up in the tree, I can see into my neighbor's homes. One neighbor offered to help me build a treehouse, but I declined. To my dismay, someone cut that tree down.
My kids needed haircuts. We all drove to SuperCuts. The wait wasn't very long. They looked very handsome when the beauticians were finished. Then we headed to Red Robin for dinner.
After college, Mary was nervous about landing a good job. She saw an ad for the perfect position. Mary set an appointment to see the hiring manager. Mary nailed the interview and made a great impression. She got the job!
My son didn't sleep very well. He stayed up all night long. He fell asleep just before his appointment. I woke him up and took him anyway. He was tired through the whole thing.
Sam was flunking class. His uncle wanted to help. In frustration he tried to bribe the teacher. He was reminded why that was illegal and shot down. Sam's uncle apologized profusely.
Her favorite pajamas had a drop seat and feet. It didn't matter that she was an adult. She went shopping for more. She came home with several pairs of pajamas. She decided to wear them even on the weekends.
The weather was bad at Todd's house. A bolt of lightning struck somewhere close to his house. All the power in the house zapped off. Todd's television was shorted out in the storm. Todd had to buy a new television.
Tim was feeling homesick. The holidays were coming up soon. His family surprised him with a plane ticket home. Tim was able to spend the season with loved ones. It cheered him  up quite a bit.
Geraldine received an orchid for her birthday. She really like plants but didn't know how to keep one alive. As she thought the soil was dry, she watered it. But two days later the flowers started falling. Geraldine realized she had killed yet another plant!
Sara was at her bus stop. She was playing with the other kids. Suddenly, she tripped on a cactus. A needle went into her ankle. Someone's parents had to help her get it out.
The dog has been itching and scratching a lot lately. I took a look at her belly while we were playing this afternoon. I noticed several red marks and sores on her belly. Apparently fall is a rough time with dogs and allergies. I made an appointment with the vet for a bath and exam this Friday.
Tim bought a new scooter. He left it on his front porch. One day it was gone. He filed a police report. Unfortunately they didn't give him much hope about getting it back.
Recently, I was assigned to write a paper for my history class. I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely. I did not have enough time to write a good paper. I wrote an email to my professor and explained that I was very busy. She took pity on me and let me turn the paper in late.
Lana was a camp counselor. She was in charge of arts and crafts. She mixed paper mache to make pinatas. A camper accidentally knocked the paper mache on the floor. Lana's group made picture frames instead.
Rob was invited to go trick or treating. But he claimed trick or treating was for children. Inside however, Rob was too embarrassed to wear a costume. Rob stayed inside for Halloween. He felt regret when he saw all of his friend's candy.
I had a crush on a girl at church. Christina was four years younger than I. Her father owned a restaurant in Chinatown. I ate at the restaurant and asked her out. She declined, and we never spoke again.
Gina's mom and dad were out for the evening. The kids were watching TV. Their cousin Sherry was their babysitter. She made them go to bed at 10 PM. Gina was upset because her parents let her stay up late in the summer.
Joseph went to his father's 80th birthday party. He has been preparing for this day for months. He has to give a speech about his dad. Joseph practiced in front of his wife last night. He pulled it off without a problem.
Tom really loved astronomy. He asked a girl out on a date to watch the stars. Tom new there was a meteor shower scheduled. They both marveled at the night sky while talking for hours. It was Tom's favorite date.
Jody was excited to go to the ice cream shop. She pleaded with her parents to let her choose from the menu. When the waitress came, Jody pointed to a picture on the menu. Her parents relented, but shook their heads in dismay. Jody nearly made herself sick finishing the huge sundae.
Kim wanted to be famous. She tried to make a viral video. Nobody watched it. She tried to make more. Nobody watched those either.
Tina did not get much sleep last night. As a result, she was very tired at work. During lunch, Tina drank two cups of coffee. After Tina drank the coffee, she felt wide awake. By the end of the day, Tina no longer felt sleepy.
The other kids made fun of Joe because he was small and skinny. One day, he decided to do something about it. He bought some weights, and worked out every day. He got stronger and stronger, and slowly bulked up. Eventually he got bigger than all of his bullies.
Billy and his PE class were getting ready to play prison ball. When the game began, children began to run to the balls. Billy dodged every ball that he could and survived well. Before he knew it, he was one of the last two people left. His enemy threw a ball at Billy, but Billy caught it and won the game.
I recently updated my lottery winnings plan. I added a Power Of Attorney. I made provisions for a recently born nephew. I had my plan notarized by a notary republic. I refiled my plans in court.
Leo is walking home. He sees a dog stuck in a tree. He frees the dog from the tree. The dog runs off. Leo saved the dog's life.
The family was walking across the wooden bridge. As soon as dad stepped on one block, it broke in two. His right leg got caught into the opening. Despite being scared, I tried to help him get up. Luckily, we were able to save him and get on the other side.
Kate lived with her husband in a trailer. They did nothing all day every day but do drugs. One day kate got tired of drugs. She went to apply at a fast food restaurant. They gave her a job and she ended her drug use.
I knew he was working on something. He wouldn't tell me what. I was getting frustrated. I was sitting with nothing to do. He was busy the entire time.
When Nancy sneezed, her right ear started to burn. Although she didn't know what was happening, she went to her mom. They decided to go to the hospital. The doctor diagnosed Nancy with an inflamed ear inflammation. She also prescribed some medication to Nancy.
Carl got a huge pork meat to cook. He didn't know how to cook it. Carl looked up on YouTube, how to cook a pork leg. Carl found a very good recipe. Carl cooked the leg meat and it came out good.
The buttons on his jacket were red. He always hated the color red. In a fit of rage he ripped them off. He threw the red buttons in the fire. He found that he was very cold with no way to close his jacket.
The first egg was in the chimney, with a clue. The kids followed the clue to the basement, they are excited. Once they got there, they couldn't find an egg! The parents forget where the put the egg, so they ended the egg hunt. Instead, they just gave the kids their basket of candy for Easter.
My friend, Chris, and I like to play basketball. We challenged semi-professional players once and almost won. They bet me that I wouldn't take the game-winning shot from half court. I took the bet and missed. We lost the game.
Sam had a test coming up on Friday. Sam did not study during the week. On Thursday night Sam started to study. When Friday came Sam was still not ready for his test. Sam did not do well on his test.
The local grocery had a great sale of Jim's favorite ice cream. He purchased many cartons which would last him for weeks. When he got home, he discovered that the power was out in his area. He began worrying about how to keep all of the ice cream from melting. Then he realized that, being winter, he could keep it outside.
Nia was with her friends and sister. They were shopping for dresses for Nia's wedding. She was very particular about what she wanted them to wear. Some of the girls argued because they wanted other things. Luckily, Nia was able to find something that they all agreed on.
Houses in the Reed's town were getting robbed. Reed decided he would start a neighborhood watch program. The neighborhood became safer and they caught the thieves. Reed's neighbors were happy They encouraged Reed to run for Township Supervisor.
Dan was extremely broke and out of food. He had a giant pot of beans as his only meal. He decided that he should make homemade tortillas. It took very little time to whip the tortillas up. Thanks to his idea he had enough food for the week.
When I turned five I had a birthday party. I had all of my friends from kindergarten at the party. For all of us, our favorite part was the Barney cake. I still remember it since I loved Barney so much. It truly was a fun day for a five year old like myself.
The couples had kittens while their children were at home. Then they went 20 years without any pets. They acquired 2 new kittens for their 68th Christmas. The new kittens are the same breed as their former cats. They are as loving and perfect as one can imagine.
Beck and Zach were watching a basketball game. They got hungry and ordered pizza. The pizza guy got there at halftime but forget the pop! The said it was ok and he didn't have to go back and get it. Now Beck and Zach are enjoying some pizza with milk.
Delaney was curled up in bed one cold morning. Suddenly she heard the distant rumble of trash trucks. She realized she had forgotten to put out her can. In her pajamas she tried rushing after the truck. It was too late though and she missed it that week.
The high jumper looked at the bar with great concentration. He began to trot towards the bar. When he was close he jumped high and arched his back. The bar wobbled as he brushed it. The jumper landed on the mat without knocking the bar over.
It was Jimmy's birthday. Jimmy and his mom went to get ice cream. Jimmy was so excited to get a chocolate sundae. As Jimmy left, he dropped his ice cream on the ground. Jimmy's mom replaced his ice cream and he enjoyed the second.
Beth hates to clean. She is learning to clean more daily. She dusts on Monday. She mops on Tuesday. She vacuums on Wednesday.
Mona would get sick when she'd eat tomatoes. She went over to a friend's house to eat. Her friend had used tomato sauce. Mona tried to be nice and ate the food. Mona got sick.
Gina approached her friends in class today. She told them that Brad had a huge crush on her. Brad was mad that she told them his secret. He ignored Gina for several months. They became friends again once Gina apologized.
We fried a lot of bacon to make BLT sandwiches. All the bacon was piled up on a plate on the counter. The doorbell rang, so we went to see who it was. When we came back, the bacon was missing. Our dog had eaten every last piece!
Albert was a shut in who didn't like people. One day, a little girl crossed his lawn and he yelled at her. The girl was not afraid and approached Albert with a nice red rose. He took the rose silently and nodded. Now, he always likes when the little girl crosses his lawn.
Barry always wanted to jump out of a plane. Barry thought that it was fun and adventurous to do so. However, Barry was very afraid of heights. Barry decided to conquer his fear and jump out of a plane. Barry was excited he was going to be a plane jumper.
David was going through a rough time. He recently became a widower after his wife died in a car crash. He became really depressed and posted alarming statuses on Facebook. Concerned, a friend called the police to check on him. The police prevent him from killing himself, saving his life.
Edward had finally saved up enough for a bike. He stopped at the nearest shop on his way home from work. The shop owner was in so Edward asked for help picking a bike. After testing out a handful of models, he settled on a racing bike. Now, he'll be able to ride in a triathlon like he always wanted.
Sue wanted to impress her boyfriend by cooking dinner. She decided to make fried chicken. She bought all the ingredients. She followed the directions. Her fried chicken ended up burning to a crisp and they ordered out.
Our chickens lay eggs. They like to find a secret nesting place. Sometimes they all lay in the same place. They change their nesting place from time to time. It seems as though they like to make us hunt for their eggs!
Todd has final exams this afternoon. He decided to play basketball instead of study. Todd made a D on his test. Todd's parents found out. Todd was grounded over Christmas break.
My friend has a three-year old boy, Sam. Sam loves watermelon. She went to the store today and bought yellow watermelon. Sam refused to eat it, saying it was not real watermelon. She called him fussy.
I used to be in a band in high school. My friends were in the band with me. We made a lot of songs and practiced them a lot. We would play shows at houses around the neighborhood. All our friends and family would come to watch us play music.
John was growing marijuana in his basement. He thought no one would find out. But somehow, the police got wind of it. They showed up at John's door to investigate. When they found the plants, they placed John under arrest.
Emma loved jumping on trampolines. She and her friends decided to go to a trampoline park. They got in the car and arrived at the place. The girls jumped for hours but Emma skinned her knee. Luckily first aid was available to help her.
Marie was walking home from school when she saw a dog. He didn't have any tags or a collar. The dog followed her home. Marie's mom said they could keep him until they found the owner. Marie and the dog played together for the rest of the day.
Morgan was the king of his country. His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown. Sean killed Morgan to claim the crown for himself. Little did he know, Sal, Morgan's son was waiting to confront him. Sal banished Sean from the kingdom and became the new king.
Grandma always enjoyed knitting. We decided to buy her a new knitting kit. We bought her the best one we could find. We gave it to Grandma on Christmas. Grandma put the knitting kit to good use.
Lori was watching her aunt's house. She decided to borrow her new car. When she was parking she crashed. She ran right into the garage door. There were a lot of damages.
Ben was driving home after a long day at work. He was driving a bit too fast on the road and hit a small animal. Ben quickly stopped his car and checked on the creature. Unfortunately, the animal had died. Ben finished his ride home feeling very upset.
Frances was 78 years old and did very light workouts every day. She didn't sweat so she didn't think she had to drink a lot of water. On July 4th, 2016 it was 100 degrees out and she went for a walk. During halfway through her walk she got dizzy and fainted. She woke up in the ER and the Doctors told her she was dehydrated.
Chuck was having trouble with his old car. He knew it would soon be time to get a new one. Chuck decides enough is enough. He heads down to the dealership to pick a car out. He finds the Mustang of his dreams and buys it.
Sean and Sara decided to bake crackers. They looked up a recipe. Then, they put it all together. They put it in the oven and baked the dough. Then, they ate the crackers with cheese.
Joey's second grade class went to the pumpkin patch. They each got to chose a pumpkin to take home. Joey found a perfect one, but he couldn't lift it. Finally he took off his jacket, putting it on the ground. He put the pumpkin on top of it, making it back to the bus.
Yesterday we brought our dog Oreo over to meet my parents' cat, May. My dad carried May out into the living room and Oreo started to bark. Oreo barked so much that May started to growl. My dad had to put Mary away in the bedroom. So we learned that my parents can never babysit Oreo at their house.
My son went shopping for his niece's birthday. She is turning two. Her parents like learning toys. He bought her a big play map of the world. The parents will try to teach her to recognize countries.
Amy went home after school on a Friday. Her friend Beth called and asked her to come over. Amy hated to but she had to decline. She was waiting on a guy to call. Beth was disappointed, but Amy didn't really care.
Abby moved into a new suburb where there was street cleaning. One morning, she slept in late. As soon as she woke up, she jumped up and shouted. She had forgotten about street cleaning day! She tried to move her car, but had already gotten a ticket.
Lars woke up to a phone call from his parents. He answered frantically assuming something was wrong. They told him he had to go through all of his childhood boxes. They had to sell his childhood home because they couldn't afford it. Lars offered to help but they wouldn't accept his money.
I  thought the Oogum Boogum song contained bad words. I bought the cd to find out if my suspicions were true. I played the Oogum Boogum song over and over. I repeatedly listened to each and every word. Now I know the song does not contain any bad words.
Sue went to her usual nail salon. She never had any bad experiences until today. The nail artist cut her cuticle. They had to bandage her finger. When Sue got home, her finger became infected.
Dan woke up early, it was Christmas morning. Running down the stairs, he saw a man in a big red suit. Yelling, screaming, he knew it had to be Santa. The man turned around, and it was his Uncle Sal. Uncle Sal had gotten up early and dropped off presents.
The storm was coming to the small town Ned watched the weather report They were calling for a huge amount of rain The storm arrived to the small town The storm left heavy damages
Eric wanted to eat a healthy breakfast. So he started to make oatmeal. But he began to get carried away. He added honey, brown sugar, strawberry, milk. And unfortunately, his breakfast wasn't healthy anymore.
I once needed to write a story. I decided to write about dragons. They had to fight each other for a mate. They fought for days. Eventually, one triumphed.
Lesley scrambled at the last second to study for her exam. She arrived in class exhausted and her head clouded with sleep. She looked at her test and all the letters were blurred. A minutes later, she fainted on the floor. She woke up in the infirmary with a headache and an F.
I wanted a hot spaghetti dinner. I didn't have enough money for spaghetti. I was starting to think I wouldn't have what I wanted. I decided to use instant noodles instead. Those tasty noodles were the  perfect replacement.
Tom's neighbors sounded like they were fighting. He could hear screaming. Eventually the sounds got louder and worse. Tom feared something would happen. He called the police to have them check in.
My husband proposed to me three times. The first time was at sunset on the beach and the car got stuck. The next day, at another beach, a rogue wave snuck up on him. Finally, the next day we went inland and he found a beautiful mansion. He asked, and I said yes.
The other girl seemed to come from out of nowhere. She collided with her forehead into my jaw. The force of the hit knocked me onto the ground. My jaw was pushed into my ear canal. Her forehead was slightly dented from the impact.
Jen did not like wearing high heels. She was really clumsy, and they were hard to walk in. She always chose to wear flats because of it. There were many cute shoes that were not heels to wear. She was glad to find them easily.
Jace was thrilled when he was chosen to do the school announcements. Once a week, he got to interview a student, too! He thought it'd be fun. But when the time came, he found himself stuttering and shy. Jace decided to resign from the announcements.
Sam heard a song he loved immediately. He listened to it every chance he got. Eventually he got tired of it. Sam couldn't get the lyrics out of his head. He wound up hating the song.
Katie went hiking in the woods. She went off the designated trail. Her skin brushed against many plants. Later she became very itchy. She realized she had walked through poison ivy.
Tina went to the grocery store. She arrived at the island yesterday and needed food. So she went and got what she needed. To her dismay she saw it costed seven hundred dollars. She then proceeded to put a lot of items back.
It was Fred's birthday and his wife took him to the local diner. They were seated immediately and sat by the window. But as they were ready to order they kept waiting. No waiter or waitress came to assist them. It became about an hour and Fred and his wife decided to leave.
The group was very hungry. They saw a sign for an unfamiliar restaurant ahead. They decided to go in and try it. The service and food were wonderful! The group was no longer hungry, but had become slightly poorer.
Cain was going across the monkey bars. He lost his grip and fell to the ground. He felt a sharp pain in his arm, and called for help. His teacher arrived, and he was taken to the hospital. Cain had a broken arm and the nurse wrapped it in a cast.
Nick needed a costume for a Halloween party. He looked in the stores for a costume but could not find one. Suddenly, Nick thought of a way to get a costume. Nick when home and searched through his old clothes. With some of his old clothes, Nick made his own Halloween costume.
Tom was at a small party. They ran out of beer. Tom offered to buy more. He got everyone's money and went to the store. Everyone at the party was thankful.
Heidi was squinting at the book. She realized she couldn't see well. She went to the eye doctor for an exam. They said she desperately needed glasses. She could finally see!
Tim had a construction company. They were up for a big contract. Tim tried his best sales pitch. Unfortunately it wasn't enough. They were passed up for the opportunity.
Omar was watching the news. But suddenly, a police pursuit was on. Omar was upset because he just wanted to know the weather forecast. But he quickly became absorbed in the chase. He celebrated when he watched police perform a pit maneuver.
Abe was looking at houses online. He found one he really thought looked stunning. Abe was bummed it was 90 miles away from where he lived. Then he saw there was a button to take a virtual tour! Abe was able to happily tour the house from the comfort of his chair.
There are so many good movies coming out this year. I am a big fan of superhero movies and this year there are lots. I have been saving for months because I'm going to all of them. My friends agreed to go to most of them with me. Tomorrow I'm booking my first movie ticket!
Today is so hot that I am going to go swimming. I have my suit on and I'm ready to go. I jump in the water and it is freezing! I swim around to warm up and begin to play. I'm always so tired after swimming in the pool.
Aaron divorced his wife Catherine last week. Now he sits in his living room drinking beer and watching tv. Aaron heard a knock on the door. He answered it and saw his wife Catherine. She begged to take him back, but he just burped and closed the door.
Shawn liked to work with his hands. He started woodworking as a hobby. Soon, he began selling his goods. His business really took off. He had more orders than he could handle!
Adam was playing darts with his friends. At first his throws were way off. He missed the target every time! But the more he played, the better he got. By the end of the night, Adam was throwing like an expert!
Sally was so excited about Christmas that she couldn't sleep. She got out of bed and walked to the tree. Sally found a present with her name on it, and opened the wrapping. It was a red jumper. Sally carefully rewrapped the jumper and put it back under the tree.
Lucy was making some pasta. She wanted to make it for her man. She watched a movie while waiting. To her dismay she forgot about it. She ended up over cooking the pasta.
I'd been looking for a stand for my TV. I looked everywhere, but the ones I saw were expensive. I happened upon a yard sale on my way home. She had a stand that was perfect, and cheap. It looks great in my den.
Steven was about to get married. He had a planned musician cancel on him. He looked everywhere for a replacement. He went to another wedding. He found the replacement.
Jared posted bail and was free on bond. He didn't plan on changing his bad behavior, though. He went to a local library, intending to seriously harm some children. Unfortunately for Jared, a retired veteran was watching over them. The veteran withstood Jared's knives, and put an end to his evil plan.
Allie stayed at a vacation house. But unfortunately there was no air conditioning. Allie was so horrified. It was far too hot in there. Allie never wanted to stay there again.
Ann had a bad stomach ache. She tried ginger ale. It did not help her at all. Then she chewed some Tums. They helped to settle her aching stomach.
Gina's brother had pushed her into a dresser. The corner had cut her deeply. She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding. There was no blood, but there was no skin on the wound. Gina disinfected, and covered the now bleeding wound.
Mark broke his glasses last week. He made an appointment with an optometrist for a new pair. He spent half an hour picking out new glasses. Michael eagerly waited for his prescription to arrive. When the optometrist called, he rushed to pick up his new glasses.
Kara was starting up a jewelry business with limited resources. A friend let her sell items at her store for a small commission. When sales were good, she needed a source of inexpensive supplies. Kara found a charity thrift store loaded with donated accessories. The secondhand necklaces provided parts galore while helping charity.
Beth was so excited! School was starting again. She had a great teacher and a lot of friends in her class. She packed her backpack and gathered her supplies. She walked into the school building with a lot of excitement.
When I was little, we lived on a farm out in the country. We had a lot of rabbits that lived in cages. The rabbits had lots and lots of babies. One day, I saw my Daddy out the window holding one of the rabbits. The rabbit was making a squealing noise.
The baby in seat 21C started crying. The cry turned into a scream. The scream turned into a piercing scream. John, in seat 20B, minded his own business with earplugs in his ears. The baby calmed down only halfway through the long flight.
I went to the doctor over some pain my back. As I got there, perplexed over my situation I anticipated the worst. The doctor came in, and did the basics and requires further tests. After all was said and done, he told me it was just a posture problem. I sat back, and breathed in a sigh of relief as I let out a smile.
The other day it snowed a few inches. I thought I would get the day off from work. But my boss called me in anyway. I almost slid off the road trying to get there. When I arrived my boss wasn't even there.
Sylvie had spent a lot of the summer at her grandpa's farm. She loved to play with the chickens. One day she got lice from them. Her parents could not get the lice out of her hair. Sylvie is no longer allowed to play at the farm.
Kurt wanted to bake a cake for his wife for the first time. He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven. When he put the cake into the oven, it only took about 30 minutes. When the cake was ready and cooled, he began to frost it. Once it was frosted and pretty, he presented it to his wife.
Kevin refused to upgrade to a smartphone. He said that his flip phone from 2005 worked just fine. One day, he broke his phone by dropping it in the toilet. He and his friends held a funeral for the old, reliable phone. Kevin had no choice to upgrade to a smartphone.
Gina went to the library on a hot summer day. The cold air conditioned air greeted her at the door. She found a book she liked and found a seat. She put her feet up and read her book while relaxing in the cool air. She stayed there until they closed the library.
Barry was on a drive with a friend. Barry noticed a sign for Yellowstone National Park. Barry asked his friend to pull over so he could visit the park. Barry was in awe of the preservation, and the beauty of the park. Barry was glad that he got to finally visit Yellowstone National Park.
I wanted to save some money, but times were hard. I decided to collect cans and recycle them. Altogether, I managed to get over $100 for one month's collection. I was pleased and decided to start collecting bottles, too. Now, I dig through all the garbage cans in search of recyclables.
Tom needed to move into a new apartment. He needed an apartment closer to his work. He spent all weekend looking at apartments. He managed to find a nice and affordable one nearby his job. Tom really likes his new home.
Diane had a history of people rude. She said something very negative to her friend. The friend's feelings were really hurt. She decided not to be friends with Diane anymore. Diane realized that she was not a nice person.
Laura's parents adopted an owl as a pet. They weren't sure if their dog would get along with it. When they got the owl home they were very nervous. When I came over later in the week the owl and dog were getting along! They thought it was so cute and took a lot of pictures of it.
Jim needed money to pay his bills. He had trouble getting a job so he turned to crime. One day, during a robbery, he was caught. The owner was an officer and instead of arresting he gave him a loan. Now Jim has his own business and is forever grateful.
Mike was sitting in class. And he noticed someone next to him listening to music. The person had earphones on. But the music was very audible. Mike hated metal from then on.
Thomas was frustrated with his outdated phone. One day, he decided he would buy a new one. He went to the mall in search of a kiosk that sold phones. He was approached by a friendly clerk who helped him decide on one. He left the mall with a brand new, modern smart phone.
Lars was at a party on his college campus. He wasn't of age yet but he had a fake ID. He saw something that made him feel that his eyes were playing tricks. He saw his English teacher Mr Chow on the couch kissing a girl. They made eye contact but never spoke of the moment again.
Cindy spotted the pirate ship on the horizon. She called to the others to warn them. Soon the pirates landed on the island. They threatened the residents with weapons. They took all the valuables and then sailed off into the sunset.
Josh was driving us to a friend's house. I told Josh that he was speeding. At that moment, the lights flashed behind us. Josh was pulled over for speeding. He was given a ticket for his poor choices.
Max was scared of reindeers. He always hated their glowing noses. One day it was Christmas. He saw a reindeer at the mall. Max almost had a heart attack.
Johnny decided to fix a can of tuna. He opened it. But it smelled funny. Part of the tuna was also brown. Johnny threw the can away.
My Dutch friend and I loved singing songs from The Sound of Music. One day we were mountain climbing and started to sing. The strangers climbing felt like family because of the common struggle. Because we felt like family, they felt comfortable chiming in. So in Table Mountain in South Africa, we sang with strangers!
Francis noticed that he had a toothache. While he knew he should visit the dentist, he delayed the visit. However, his toothache became more painful. Finally Francis decided to visit the dentist. He was happy when the dentist fixed his toothache.
Bob had to write an essay. Bob didn't want to write the essay. Bob decided to hire a ghostwriter. Bob's teacher found out. Thus, Bob teacher gave him detention.
Mara wanted to make her own pizza. She made fresh dough and sauce. Then she sliced her own veggies and sausage. After the pizza finished baking, she tasted it. Mara grinned to discover that her pizza was delicious!
Carey was in the 11th grade and had fallen for a boy. She was ecstatic every time they had a chance to talk. One day, the boy invited her over to hang out. She was so nervous she rejected him and he soon moved on. She never forgave herself for not telling him how she felt.
Bob works as a dishwasher at a restaurant. He goes out front to restock plates on the salad bar. There is a large woman with long flowing red hair in his way, So he asks her to move and calls her miss. When the person turns around it's a man, not a woman.
Anna was having a summer BBQ party. She put a dozen burgers on the grill. Then she went to chat with her guests. She almost forgot to flip the burgers! Luckily, she saved them before they burned.
Tom woke up not feeling well. He ended up throwing up. He also had a fever. He found out he had the flu. Tom was very unhappy about that.
In her teens, Kia stopped going to church. She questioned her religion's tenets. She spent some time exploring things on her own. Then, in her twenties, Kia returned to church. She had decided she agreed with her faith, after all.
My wife's sandwich was marked with an "M". I decided to eat it, since that's the initial of my first name. The letter actually just stood for "Mayo". She was mad when she pointed this out to me. I pointed out to her I couldn't uneat the sandwich.
Eating cold things too quickly gave Bob headaches. Today, Bob made a plan to eat his ice cream sundae slowly. Bob wore oven mitts taped closed at his wrists. Getting the spoonful of ice cream to his mouth was a slow process. His plan to eat his sundae slowly had worked.
Jasper loves listening to his headphones every morning. One day he loses them on the train. He searches but cannot find them. Jasper decides to buy a new pair. He is glad to have headphones again.
Dante walked into his room with a sluggish demeanor. Today was rough for him. He was feeling a bit down. He decided to take that negative energy and turn it to something else. Dante began to write some poetry.
Tony lived in Kansas. His parents called to tell him there was a tornado warning. Tony had two fears, spiders and tornados. He went into the cellar just in case it hit near him. The cellar was filled with spiders but he stayed and luckily survived.
Barry was terrified to get on a plane. Therefore, if Barry had to travel, it would be by bus or boat. However, Barry was scheduled to go to Germany and had to take a plane. Barry decided it was time to face his fear of airplanes. Barry was very anxious and nervous for his upcoming plane ride.
Tom was shopping at the mall. He wanted to buy a gift for his sister. He shopped around many stores. Eventually he found a whistle. He bought it and his sister liked the gift.
Brad stayed up late Sunday night and woke up late Monday morning. He had to rush to get to work on time. He had been late before and didn't want to get in trouble. He made it on time but just barely. Brad decided right there to go to bed when he should.
Robert woke up feeling very sick. He decided to go to the doctor to see what was wrong with him. He had to call the doctor first to get an appointment. Luckily the doctor could see him later that day. The doctor told Robert he had a cold and that he should rest.
Reggie is a star football player. One game while running for a touchdown he takes a big hit. The hit knocks the breath out of him and breaks both of his legs. Reggie is unable to play football after the hit. Reggie is forced to retire.
Liz hated her job as a manager at a shoe store. Her main passion was snowboarding, which she did on her days off. She quit her job at the shoe store. She found a job at a snowboarding supply store in Minnesota. She's happy because she gets to spread her passion to others.
Frank and Susie went to Pizza Hut and ordered a pizza. While they were waiting for the pizza, they got into an argument. Frank said some things to Susie that were really mean. When the pizza came, Susie noticed a dead fly on Frank's piece. She smiled sweetly and said nothing as he angrily ate the pizza.
My chorus teacher gave me the shirt. We had to have a certain short for choir. My orthodontist's son had the shirt. I called and left her a message. Her son brought it to my school.
Jess was a writing teacher for adult learners. She felt like she was not getting through to them. One day one of her students seemed to have a break through. She loved his writing. He became a very popular writer.
Last week my parents took me to the zoo. We saw a lot of animals. At the zoo i was allowed to ride a pony and pet a turtle. I like going to the zoo because i love animals. We all had a nice day at the zoo.
John really enjoys riding his bike. He trained very hard and entered a local race. During the race, John got in a terrible wreck. He swore to make a comeback to the sport. Three years later, John is now a professional cyclist.
Nick was taking a chemistry class in school. He didn't pay attention to the instructions. Nick mixed two dangerous chemicals. The chemicals made a smoke in the air. The science lab had to be evacuated.
Kyle wanted his daughter to socialize more with other children. He decided to register her in a soccer league. His daughter was nervous for her first practice. She slowly began to make new friends. Kyle watched his daughter become a more social child.
Luanne was going to meet the girls for brunch today. She was excited to finally get to seem them after about a year. The girls met at their favorite spot around the corner. The all ordered a large feast and loved it. The girls were so happy to see each other again.
Aaron decides he wants to organize a sports game with friends. He asks if they want to play rugby. Aaron and his friends get together at a park to play rugby. After playing they all go to a nearby pub for a beer. Aaron is satisfied that he organized a game with his friends.
Anna had a bad headache. She went to lay down early after dinner. In bed, she shut her eyes and tried to relax. Gradually she drifted into a peaceful sleep. Thankfully, when she awoke, the headache was gone.
Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom. When they got there they went from table to table. He finally asked his mother when they were going to see the fleas. She laughed, telling him there weren't actually fleas at flea markets. He was extremely disappointed.
The award ceremony started. The principal called the first student to receive an academic award. She was about to hand out the most outstanding student award. Although I was confident about winning it, she called Jeff's name. I became mad when he walked across the stage.
Tim wanted to start a garden. He studied online about the process. He learned that all seeds were not created equal. He visited the organic store to buy the best seeds. Tim grew a magnificent garden with the seeds.
Jenny had been overweight all of her adult life. Jenny decided it was time for her to get in shape. Jenny joined a gym and began eating healthy foods. Jenny began losing weight and look good. One year later Jenny had met her goal weight and was finally happy.
There was a bad smelling coming from the kitchen. I went to the kitchen to investigate. The smell seemed to be coming from behind the oven. After I pushed the oven out, I could see what caused the smell. A rat had died behind the oven.
Mitch Flips was nervous. He had committed a crime last night. He and his friends snuck into a bar and stole a jersey. Unfortunately they were drunk, and didn't notice the cameras. The bar owner called Mitch the next day with a list of demands.
Joy was joining some friends for a bachelorette party. She had been to many before. However, she had never ridden in a limo! She enjoyed riding around town in it. She knew people looked at it wondering if someone famous was inside!
Johnny wanted to watch a scary movie. His parents kept saying he was too young. He decided to sneak into a theater Once inside he tried watching the movie. It was too scary and he started to cry.
Amy and Katy were two sisters who never got along. One day, they were arguing and Amy had enough. She jumped onto Katy and pulled her hair. Katy fought back by clawing, pinching, and hitting Amy. After their fight, the sisters got along from that day forward.
The puppy woke up one morning. He went outside and played in the warm sun. Then he was sleepy and took a nap. Finally, his owner came home and took him for a walk. Later, he went to sleep for the night happy.
Barney, Ted, and Marshall decided to go to a cafe instead of a bar. They were disappointed that there was no beer. They settled with coffee and waited for their names to be called. The lady called for Swarley instead of Barney. Ted and Marshall never let Barney live that moment down.
Ken wanted to tell his mom that he was gay. But he feared her reaction. Finally, he nerved himself up and confessed to her. To his surprise, she smiled and hugged him! She told Ken that she'd always love him - no matter what.
Bob went to the doctors for a physical. He talked to the lady receptionist, then got called in by the doctor. The physical went well, and Bob was healthy. The doctor then asked if he had a flu shot recently, Zach said no. Then he pulled out a huge needle, and gave Zach a shot!
Isabella was outside blowing bubbles. Her mom told her it was time to come in. Isabella blew a few more bubbles. Then she had to go in and get washed up. It was time for dinner.
James walked on stage to perform a puppet show. He set up his puppets and began performing a skit. While performing, the lighting suddenly went wrong. His technician began to work on the lighting to fix it. The technician fixed the problem and James finished his show in peace.
Rudy was on vacation at the beach. He wanted to learn to swim. He signed up for a swim class with other tourists. The tutor helped them all learn to dog paddle. Soon Rudy was swimming quickly and expertly!
Becky wanted to impress her pals. She showed them her dad's prized collection of rocks. When her pals begged, Becky let them each keep a rock. The pals left, and Becky looked at the empty spaces in the collection. She walked along the road picking up rocks to fill the spaces.
Arthur and his wife Diana were watching the news. A high-profile politician was caught taking bribes. The politician made a tearful apology on live television. Arthur thought it was a sincere apology, but Diana felt it was fake. The couple ended up arguing whether or not the politician was genuine.
Jack was taking his SAT test on friday. He studied hard all week. On Thursday he was invited to a party. He knew he shouldn't but he went to the party anyway. Jack did poorly on the test because he was too sleepy to concentrate.
Peter didn't want to go to his afternoon classes. He chose to cut his classes instead. The principal saw him leaving. He ran out after Peter and caught him. Peter was suspended for three days.
Sally liked toys alot for xmas. And this year she got alot. But she never took care of them. So her mother donated them to a local charity. Sally even noticed they were gone.
Tim caught a show on television. He really got into it. He went online to learn more about it. He found out there were tons of older episodes. Tim binge watched everything.
Ben liked to compete with his dog in Schutzhund tests. He had trained Nero, his Rottweiler, for over a year. Today was Nero's first test. Nero was startled at first but then enjoyed every minute of the test. Nero came in second place, pleasing Ben enormously.
During a vacation, my family spent a night in a very nice hotel. I got in the elevator with a group of people. One of the people was a somewhat famous star. I told the star how much I enjoyed his work. He rolled their eyes at me.
The boy picked up a coloring book to pass the time. He did not draw in the lines at all. His mother looked at his work and was not impressed. She told him to try again and to do it right. The boy refused and claimed his work was true art.
Today I went to the library. They had so many books. But they also had movies and magazines too. I checked out a book and a movie. Now I have to go back to return them.
All Adrienne wanted was a night away from home. She worked hard at work to save the money to go away for the night. Finally she had the money and booked the room. Adrienne packed her bags and locked all her doors. She got to the hotel and enjoyed the night.
I cracked two eggs into a bowl to stir. After placing the pan on the stove, I poured the eggs inside. After 10 minutes, the eggs were ready. However, they stuck to the pan. I found out that the back side was burnt.
A chemist was in the lab while a nasty storm was outside. The lights when out and he had no back up lights. The chemist felt his way to the door. He stumbled into a shelf a jar fell over on him. The chemist was covered in an unknown white powder.
The game was in the last thirty seconds. The opposing team had the ball. The quarterback threw. The ball was intercepted. The home team took the ball and ran for the touchdown.
Callie wanted a new computer that was inexpensive. So she went to the store and bought a chromebook. She really liked the way the chromebook looked and worked. Until she discovered it didn't have microsoft windows installed. She had no choice but to return it and get another computer.
I have been thinking of starting a business. I make these really nice baby blankets. I have been researching a lot online. I think I have figured out how to start. I am going to start in a week.
Jared sat on his easy chair near the fireplace. He felt a chill. He got up to poke at the fireplace with the poker. The fire roared larger. Jared rubbed his hands in front of the fired contentedly.
Ophelia was getting sick of her loud city neighborhood. After Years of living in the city, she decided to move to the suburbs. Ophelia was happy to have more space and a yard. In her new place, Ophelia even had room to plant a garden. However, occasionally, she found herself missing the city life.
A kitten was stuck in a storm drain. A passerby heard her meows for help. They got a couple people together to rescue her. They reached in and could barely reach her. They somehow managed to pull her out and save her life.
Dwayne and his neighbor had been feuding for Years. It really tested Dwayne's patience and they quarreled often. One day, Dwayne decided to approach the old man with kindness. He prepared a lunch for two and brought it over as a surprise. The old man was touched and a new friendship was born.
I was walking by the river. I saw a turtle with an injured leg. I Brought him home. I nursed him back to health. I have had him for 6 months now.
Ann Williams and her husband had been planning a trip to Europe. When the ambulance showed up at their house I was worried. The paramedics took Samuel Williams away to the hospital. The next day Ann Williams left for Europe. I couldn't believe that she would go to Europe alone but she did.
I called my girlfriend on the phone. She told me she and her son were sick. I bought medicine and drove to her house. The medicine helped she and her son feel better. She thanked me profusely for bringing the medicine.
Kim bought a bunch of apples at the supermarket. She had so much fruit in the house, she forgot about the apples. When she got around to having one, she saw that it was soft. She noticed the squirrels outside rummaging around for food. Kim cut the apple in chunks and flung it outside for the squirrels.
Jane was out at the pool with friends. They convinced her to take a dive in. Jane dove and her swimsuit top came off. Jane was a bit shy about it at first. They all wound up laughing it off, though.
Fred proposed to susie. She said yes. The two of them were very excited to get married. But they couldn't decide on a date. Finally they compromised for summertime.
John's stomach was burning. And everything he ate made it worse. But he read that bananas are a natural antacid. And eating one made him feel better. So he decided to add more bananas into his diet.
Frank and his family had plans to go to the zoo. When they woke up in the morning it was very cloudy. As soon as they got to the zoo it started raining. They decided to wait in the car until the rain stopped. Two hours later it was still raining and they went back home.
June was browsing through the app store on her phone. Suddenly, she noticed an app she had never seen before. It was some kind of game that she decided to check out. She started the download. Suddenly, her phone shut off, thanks to a virus in the app.
Ray found a cat while walking through his neighborhood. No one was around so he examined the cat for a collar. There was not collar so he picked up the cat and took it home. That night Ray made posters saying that he found a cat. No one claimed the cat so Ray kept it as a pet.
Last night I went to Laura's house. We had some fried chicken. It was amazing. I asked her for the recipe. She told me it was a secret.
Tom noticed he hadn't received any coupons in a while. They were always missing from his newspaper. One day he woke up extra early to see why. He noticed his neighbor sneaking over to take them. Tom confronted him about it and he stopped.
Lance was beginning to feel sick. He realized that it was probably because of his diet. He did some reading and decided to fix his eating. For the next few weeks, he stuck to a better diet. Soon enough, he began to feel healthier.
Janet went to get her hair cut. A new hairdresser attended her. When she was done, Janet looked in the mirror. The haircut was awful! Janet had to wear a hat for a long time.
Johnny decided he needed a haircut. He entered the local barbershop and asked for a haircut. By the end, Johnny knew the haircut was going wrong. His hair didn't look at all as he requested. Johnny left without leaving a tip.
Lila's favorite vacation spot was a cabin in the mountains. Every summer, her family would stay there to kayak and hunt. One summer, a bear broke into their cabin. It tore the house to pieces. Lila's family had to postpone the trip for a few weeks to fix it.
Joe's friend let him borrow his new bike. Joe rode the bike all day. Joe pushed the bike off a tall pile of dirt. The front wheel came off and Joe couldn't put it back on. Joe's friend never let him borrow anything after that.
David kept telling Kenny he was a better ball player. Kenny completely disagreed. David kept making comments, and Kenny finally challenged him. The game went on for hours. In the end, David ended up losing to Kenny by 5 goals.
Jay couldn't find a job. He decides to try mturks. He started making a decent amount per day. Jay enjoys it and continues for a while. He eventually makes over $70 a day but it's not enough.
Maryann is having a hard time picking out what to wear today. She doesn't have anywhere in particular to go. She just wants to look nice and casual. After trying over 15 outfits, she calls it quits. She spends the rest of the day online shopping.
Erica was taking a shower. All of a sudden, there was no hot water. The water coming from her shower was ice cold. Erica jumped out of her shower in reaction to the cold water. She ended up getting her bathroom soaked.
I bought a cat. The cat was mean to me. I decided to give up the cat for adoption. But, I realized I loved the cat. I decided to keep the cat even though it was mean.
Frances was nervous about starting high school. He mostly feared he'd be mocked for his feminine name. But when asked, he told all his teachers to call him Frank. The teachers agreed quickly. No one discovered Frank's secret, and he made plenty of new friends!
For Jenna's birthday, Tim took her to a restaurant. The ambiance was wonderful and they both had a great time. After the meal, Jenna asked to go home. Tim drove her back and bent toward her for a kiss. Jenna pecked him on the nose and went home.
Singing has always come very easy to Renee. From a very early age she would sing for audiences. She had a good voice and awesome personality. For almost all of her life she has wanted to sing professionally. She got her chance at the age of 17 and has never looked back!
Rita lost her job. She spent weeks looking for a new one with no luck. She had promised to buy her daughter a new dress for her prom. Rita decided to sew her daughter's prom dress out of old dresses. The dress was a hit and Rita received many orders for custom clothes.
Karen was going to a concert. She drove to the auditorium. Karen stood in line with all the other people. She showed her ticket to the man at the door. Karen walked in and found her seat in the arena.
Tyler participated in a focus group. He was skeptical of the crowd and nervous to give his opinion. He struggled, communicating thoughts on the presidential election. Eventually Tyler relaxed enough to contribute to the group. He exceeded his own expectations.
Meg was doing very well at work. As a reward for her hard work she was given a promotion. Meg was elated when she found out the news. She was excited to be getting a better job. The higher pay was also a large bonus.
A man bought a new house for his family. It was in the wilderness. The kids didn't want to go. Their dad told them it was a beautiful area. They started to appreciate it.
Darwin asked for headphones for Christmas. They were very high-tech and special. On Christmas morning, he opened one last present. It was the headphones he wanted! He plugged them in and jammed out.
The man had a gun collection. His favorite gun was held in a safe. He found that gun was missing. Only his brother new the combination to the safe. The man accused his brother of stealing the gun.
Jim was incredibly tired one morning. But he forced himself out of bed. He boiled water on the stove to use for coffee. But he was so tired he went back to bed. After he woke up, he saw a steaming, boiling pot on the stove.
I used to wonder how me and my son's mother would break up. One winter evening, close to Christmas, I found out. She made me upset by calling a guy and I drug her out my front door. Next, she put dents in my new car with the heel of her shoe! So I called the police on her and we never spoke again.
Tom was looking for a job. He couldn't afford a suit for interviews. His parents offered to buy him one. Tom was very thankful. He was able to get a job with their help.
Tommy went to the bank. He deposited $200 into his savings account. When he check his account online, he was mad. The transaction shows that $200 dollars was taken out of his credit. Fortunately, the credit card company fixed the mistake.
Sue was overwhelmed with bills. She decided to look for a part-time job. Sue became an Uber driver for her local city. She worked long hours into the night. Sue was able to pay off her bills with the extra income.
Sara had to carry her groceries home. When she got home, she realized her cheese was gone. She traced her steps outside. Luckily, she found the cheese down the road. She picked it up and brought it home.
Tabitha was at an elementary school carnival. Her favorite game was the cake walk and she wanted to win. She played something like twenty times without winning. She was about to give up but decided on one more shot. To her surprise, she finally won and got to pick a treat.
Mac loved working in his shop. He would build all sorts of things. One day his grandson asked him if he could make a toy. Mac agreed and said he'd do it. Mac then created the best toy his grandson ever had.
As Ella laid on the floor whining one morning, she spied a box. Mommy always told her not to climb on the box. Ella thought the light switch needed to be flipped, though. Ella climbed up onto the box. Then she promptly busted her butt on the carpet, like usual.
There was a house that was painted red and stood on a hill. Ray walked up to this house to see if anyone was home. An old man answered the door and greeted Ray. Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate. The old man looked at the sky, then Ray, then slammed the door.
The restaurant had just opened in town. They got a big billboard to advertise. Everyone in town saw their ad. On Friday, the restaurant was packed with people. The waitresses could barely keep up!
Tom loved serving fancy treats. He bought a cheese slicer for a party he was hosting. He carefully sliced some cheese. He put them on a plate and served them. His guests were very impressed.
Bill was at the laundry cleaners. He was washing his socks today. He left his socks in the washer. When he came back they were gone. A stranger had accidentally thought Bob's laundry was his.
Amy heard a noise. There was a kitten trapped in the sewer! She used a stick to grab ahold of it. The kitten was hungry and wet. Amy took it home and took care of it.
Tim had an ingrown nail on his finger. The nail became infected. It started to swell and hurt. Pus began to ooze out of his finger. Tim finally went to the doctor to seek treatment.
Rob is very poor. He developed this illness that he can't pay for treatment. He decided to go to prison to get medical care. He tried to rob a bank for a dollar. He got sent to prison and got his treatment.
For the third night in a row, young Jeremy had fallen out of his bed. His mom was really nervous he was going to be seriously hurt. Her friend told her to use a foam pool noodle to keep him safe. She put the noodle under the fitted sheet along the edge of the bed. Surprisingly, Jeremy didn't fall out of the bed again.
Chuck has had a cold for a week now and doesn't feel well. Chuck decides to go to the doctor. The doctor gives Chuck some medicine. Chuck takes the medicine and feels better in a day or two. Now Chuck is back at work performing well.
Francis has always wanted to try wearing ripped jeans. He's afraid that they won't match his otherwise conservative style. He asks a friend of his to help prepare an outfit for his new jeans. When he finally wears them, Francis receives many compliments. Francis is happy he finally tried wearing ripped jeans.
Jon wanted to join the army to serve his country. The recruiter said he didn't weigh enough. Jon was sad but decided to achieve the required weight. He ate good food and worked out at the gym. Finally, he weighed enough to join the army.
John examined the body. It bore traces of arsenic in the blood. John concluded that the cadaver had been poisoned. He told the chief his findings. The chief said it was a suicide and not to look into it.
Tom was going cave diving. He had never been claustrophobic before. Once down there things changed, though. After a while Tom started having trouble breathing. He had to be helped back out.
It was a cold night. So Bob slept with several extra blankets. But it made him too warm. And when he woke up, he had a bloody nose. And Bob's blankets had blood on them too.
Jimmy was racing his car on the highway. He was going way too fast. He hit a sign on the freeway. His front bumper of his car fell off. Jimmy stopped racing his car afterwards.
When I was younger I was into a video game called street fighter. Street fighter tournament was occurring in Dallas and I decided join. I thought I could took on everyone at Dallas. Turns out that I couldn't beat everyone. I lost my first match and was out of the tournament.
He woke up very angry this morning. He went to the bathroom and started complaining. He came out and yelled at me about things. He sat down at his computer and worked. He kept snapping at me all day long.
Kelly was on a flight to California. She sat in coach as always. She put in her headphones to relax. Yet to her dismay, a baby started screaming. Unfortunately the baby cried the rest of the flight.
Joe carved custom walking sticks. A friend saw his work, and asked him to judge a wood carving contest. Joe declined his friend's offer. Joe had already entered the contest, and couldn't be a judge, too. Joe's hand-carved walking stick took second prize at the contest.
Tommy was looking for a new car. He found one he liked online and went to check it out. The car had everything he wanted and more. Tommy bought the car. The car made Tommy very happy and he drove it often.
I loved chocolate. I decided to make chocolate. I accidentally dropped some cocoa on the floor. My dog ate it. He got poisoned and died.
Brown needed a new calendar. The only issue was he had no money. Brown then quickly found a job. After a couple of hours, he had enough money. Now, Brown was able to purchase a calendar.
Will didn't make it home last night. His wife was extremely nervous so she called his phone a lot. He called her back and told her that his phone was dead for awhile. He said he would be home before tomorrow morning. Will's wife was extremely happy when he showed up back home.
I've always wanted both a cat and a dog. I have had a cat for a long time. I decided to buy a dog. They did not get along very well. I gave the dog to a friend.
I jumped out of the plane. Afterwards, I tried to release my parachute. The lever ended up getting stuck. As scared as I was, I took a few seconds to make it loose. It ended up working after I pulled it.
Everyone kept saying Emma looked slimmer, but she didn't see it. She had no scale, either, so she could not be sure. Then, at a discount store, she happened to see a cute pair of jeans. They were 2 sizes smaller than her usual, but she bought them anyways. And they fit her - which was when Emma knew everyone had been right!
Megan had bought a fridge online. She had it delivered by the previous owner. Immediately, she noticed that the thing was so gross. She opened it and found the worst mess ever. It took her hours to clean the entire thing.
Crystals birthday is coming up. She wants a big party. She asks her husband if they can afford it. He says no. He worked overtime so she could have a big party.
Anna's son John always ate cereal for breakfast. He never liked anything else. But then one day they were out of cereal! Anna made him toast and eggs instead. He ate it grudgingly, but still wished for cereal!
John had a strong fear of the devil. His mother warned him not to ever sin. John attended church every week. John's priest suggested that he have an exorcism. He went to the exorcism to cleanse his soul.
The moms were decorating the gym. There was going to be a big Christmas party at the school. The moms were in charge of hosting it. The kids filed into the gym and smiled. They were excited for their fun party!
Romona was spending time with friends in the hamptons. She always loved spending her summers there. Last week she found out about a party Jill was having. To her dismay she was not invited. Romona was furious and called Jill to confront her about it.
Tina went to the movies. She wanted popcorn. But she looked at the price. It was far too expensive. She couldn't believe it was ten dollars.
Helene's toddler had messed up his bedroom. Helene went in and cleaned up the toys. Then, she put away all of the clothes. Next, she put the blankets in the crib. Finally, she tidied up the dresser.
I asked my guests to take their shoes off before coming into my house. They were at my house for a party. As they were leaving, one of them said he couldn't find his shoes. Apparently, someone else had worn his shoes and left. Fortunately, I had an extra pair of shoes that I could lend him.
Jack was taking a long walk through the woods. He liked the peace and quiet. Suddenly, he heard a noise. It was someone whistling and they were getting closer. Jack ran back to his car and locked the doors.
Scott was told that he was being looked at for a promotion. His boss told him that he has been performing well at work. This news went to Scott's head and he began to brag to people. He felt he was untouchable and started slacking at work more. Because of this Scott's boss took away his potential promotion.
Marie and her sister never got along. They got in a huge fight on Christmas. They each went home angry. Marie swore she wouldn't see her sister anymore. She was mad that the fight had ruined Christmas.
The factory workers were hard at work. An inspector showed up to watch them work. He wrote several citations for safety violations. The factory had to fix the issues immediately. The workers were annoyed with the ordeal.
Today I spent almost seven hours cleaning my storage room. I want to transform it into an art studio. Things were going great until I hurt my back. Now I can't get out of bed for two to four weeks. At least I have a perfect view of my half-clean art studio.
Janie was on vacation with her family. They had gone to the beach. Janie didn't feel like swimming. She paid to take a horse ride. Janie rode a horse on the beach all day.
Anne went to the bar one night. She had a few beers. Then she ordered a shot of rum. After a few hours, she decided to head home. Anne stumbled home, happy and tired!
Mary was at the dentist. She had been in excruciating pain for hours. She was surprised her wisdom teeth coming in could hurt this much. He wanted to take all 4 teeth at once. Mary was hesitant, but she would do anything to end the pain.
When I was young I loved Harry Potter. My parents thought it was demonic. They were both very religious. When they caught me reading a book they forced me to pray all day. I still like the books but keep them hidden.
Kim had been accused of theft and she sat sadly in jail. Each day the warden told her that she'd be freed soon. The police questioned people all day, looking for the true criminal. Then one day the detective came to bring her some good news. The real thief had been caught and Kim was free to go!
George was shopping with his mom for Christmas. He saw an adorable puppy in the pet store window. He begged his mom to get the puppy, but she didn't want a dog. Christmas finally came and George started to open presents. He heard a bark from a box and was ecstatic to find it was the puppy.
Sal is working on the construction of a new building. While walking around the site he hits his head on a pole. He falls to the ground and grabs his head. Sal is taken to the hospital for his injuries. Sal was hurt at work and Sued the company.
Wes was a dentist. He had a big problem with one client's breath. Wes decided to take a vacation. He planned it for the same time his dreaded client had an appointment. Wes was relieved to skip the bad breath.
John went to meet some friends at the park. They were going to meet at 5pm. They had planned a baseball game together. John showed up a little late. The game was fun.
Tom loved winter storms. To his delight, the weatherman was calling for a blizzard. Tom had prepared ahead of time and waited for the snow to start. Around 2 pm the first few snowflakes began to fall. Tom watch the snow pile up all night until it was over 2 feet deep.
I decided to make a new closet last week. I took an empty room and put in shelves. I needed a closet for my shoes. When it was finished it looked great. I was thrilled.
Last year I decided to take a trip to Georgia for a weekend. When I got there I wanted to see Atlanta. I took a tour of the city my first day there. My last day there I went to see an Atlanta Brave's baseball game. I had a great time on my weekend trip.
Lauren hated to clean her house. She was having company that night and knew she had to clean. To make it more fun, she put on some music. She danced to the music while she was cleaning. Before she knew it, her house was clean and ready for company.
Neil's train arrived in Burundi. He taxied to his hotel and checked in. Then he set off on foot to explore the African land. He met so many friendly locals. Neil decided Burundi had the friendliest people on earth!
Tom bought two female mice last week. He named them Salt and Pepper. He forgot to close their cage yesterday. Tom thought he had lost his new pets. He found them in the pantry later that night.
Every night before bed Daddy reads me a story. Books are like adventures for the mind. Every night Daddy and I travel to faraway lands. Each story is always so much fun. I love reading bedtime stories with my Dad.
Ahmed has always loved ice cream. He used to sell ice cream sandwiches on the playground. He knew one day he'd open an ice cream parlor. After selling enough ice cream, he finally bought a shop. He could finally sell his ice cream sandwiches from inside a building.
Matthew befriended the new kid in school. Then he noticed the kid picking his nose without discretion. Matthew tried to walk away but the kid followed him. Other kids noticed and laughed and called them both nose pickers. Matthew realized that would be his name for all of high school.
Ron really wanted to join the baseball team. But he could not throw or hit a ball at all! Then the coach had him catch a few. Ron was a natural! He made the team right away!
Sue decided she needed to get in shape before the summer. She began running every morning. She also began eating better. Sue started seeing a difference. She was ready to sport her bikini body.
Morgan felt that her manager at work wasn't acting fairly. She felt that the manager didn't pull her weight. Morgan raised the issue repeatedly with higher management. The higher management discussed the issues repeatedly. The manager was chastised and Morgan hoped for improvement.
She bought the stuff to make icing for her cookies. She took them all out to the car. Just as she was getting in, a man approached her. He started making lewd comments. She rushed to get away from him.
My dog walked up to me whining. I looked at its food bowl and it was empty. I grabbed the dog food from a cabinet. I poured dog food into the dog's bowl. The dog happily ate until the bowl was empty.
Sheila was on vacation in the rain forest. She saw lots of animals and interesting plants. Sheila took pictures of a monkey swinging from the trees. The monkey swung by her and touched her hair. It was an amazing experience!
Tom took Jane up to the moonlit overlook off the parkway. They sat in the car and chatted all night. Tom then drove Jane home and said goodnight. The next day Jane called Tom, sounding very upset and worried. She wanted to know why Tom didn't kiss her goodnight!
Randy is a 10 year old boy. He really wants candy. He has no money. He decides to steal some candy while nobody is looking. He gets caught and punished.
Bella just turned 6 years old. Her favorite movie is Frozen. Her parents planned her a princess party. The characters from Frozen came to the party. Bella had a great party.
John just bought a new apartment. He was a trumpet player. He practiced his trumpet. Somebody knocked on his door. It was a complaining neighbor.
Tom was a software developer. He would work on his computer all day He would type as fast as he could. He eventually broke some of the keys on the keyboard. He had to go out and buy a new keyboard.
Marcus went deep sea diving. He put on a mask and wetsuit. He dove very deep until the water was almost black. He felt the pressure on his lungs. He quickly swam to the surface when he saw a shark.
Rick had a broken DVD player laying around. He decided to read a book on fixing electronics. After two weeks of reading the book he felt he was ready. With his new knowledge he started tinkering with the DVD player. On his first try the DVD powered up and he fixed it.
I was shaving the other day. While I was shaving I ran out of cream. I had to go to the store to buy more shaving cream. The trip there and back too a long time. Next time I'll make sure I have enough cream before I shave.
I had a watch that kept excellent time. One day, I accidentally dropped my watch and stepped on it. I had completely shattered the casing. I bought the watch to a repair shop to see if it could be fixed. The shop owner said it wasn't worth fixing so I threw it away.
The kids were throwing a party. They bought a bunch of fun party hats. The hats were shiny and pointy. The kids all wore them and celebrated. The party hats made the party extra fun!
Redman wanted to start on Varsity. He would do anything to start. He trained everyday of the week. Redman also made it a habit to study hard. Redman ended up starting on Varsity due to his work ethic.
Paul bought a brand new tablet to put all his books on. When he got home he noticed that the tablet had a broken screen. He had tossed the receipt and was nervous he couldn't return it. He drove back to the store and explained what happened to the manager. The store gladly returned the tablet for Paul.
One day the Cellar family decided to make plans for a fire escape. Mrs Cellar went out and bought some mini ladders for upstairs. Everyone was satisfied with the plan. Mrs Caller hung it on the fridge. Everyone felt safer.
Josh loved to play tennis. One day, he broke his playing arm. He couldn't play for four weeks. Finally, his arm healed! Alas, as luck would have it he broke his leg a few weeks later.
Ben went to the amusement park with his friends. He was excited to get on his favorite rollercoaster. However, the ride was closed for repairs this day. Ben was upset but wanted to continue on to other rides. He tried another Rollercoaster and enjoyed it more than he.
A journalist wanted to write a story. He looked up possible stories. He liked one about obesity. He only got the info he wanted. He wrote a biased story.
Dalton loved living in the country. He got a job in the city. He hated his job every day. One day he just quit his job. Now he lives in the country again and is happy!
Jared was staking out a crime suspect's house. He was working with a new partner. At one point he dozed off. When he woke up his partner laughed a bit. Jared felt embarrassed.
Jim picked his kids up every weekend and they always wanted nuggets. He used to take them to a fast food place and spent eleven dollars! Then he found that nuggets at the store were four dollars a bag. Jim bought a bag and cooked for the kids himself. The four-dollar bag lasted them over a month!
Tom likes watching movies. He considers himself a film buff. He noticed he tends to enjoy comedy movies more than any other genre. He thought of this as a profound life epiphany. He now thinks laughter is the best medicine.
Nina went to the beach. She laid down to get a tan. But then she dozed off. When she woke, hours had passed. Nina had gotten a sunburn.
Mary didn't have any food in the house. She thought to herself I need to make a list and go to the store. She wrote out what she wanted for the week and went to the store. All of the items she needed were found easily so she checked out. Once home she unpacked the bags and had a house full of food.
Anna asked her parents for an allowance. They talked it over. They agreed that if she did chores, she could get an allowance. Anna agreed. She was happy to have an income now!
Mr and Mrs Gullo had a thirty year old son who lived at home. All he did was lay there couch and watch cartoons. They were worried he would never grow up if they didn't react. When he was out one day they changed all the locks. He went out and got a job the next and left his parents home for good.
I went by the lake to observe the winter geese. The sun was setting down and the geese were many. I sat on the grass and waited for them to take flight. After fifteen minutes, they started to move and flapped their wings. I saw them leave as the sun was reflecting gold on their wings.
James has a math test tomorrow. He is extremely worried about it. James decided to pull an all-nighter to study. James got to school and fell asleep at his desk. He did not finish his test and got a failing grade.
Wayne was late for class. Wayne rushed to get ready for class. Wayne rode his bike to school quickly. Wayne ran through the halls to his first class. Wayne arrived just as class was starting.
Tom was driving his car. He wanted to take a scenic way home. He deliberately passed his exit. Tom saw many beautiful trees. Tom took the scenic way home.
Juan packed his clothes up for college. He got in his car and drove on the road. He arrived at his college . Found his dorm room. He unpacked his clothes and prepared for colleges.
He slept uneasily. The next day was the martial arts tournament. His dreams were all about fighting. He threw a kick in his sleep then awoke to the sound of a scream. His girlfriend lay on the floor covered in bedsheets.
Pat had a song stuck in her head all day. She tried to ignore it but it wouldn't go away. When her mind when blank she heard the song. She tried to listen to the radio until the song was flushed out. After a few country songs she forgot all about the first one.
Ollie was taking a bath. He was playing around with the bubbles. He came up with a funny idea. Then, he called his mom into the room. When she saw him, he had a beard made out of bubbles.
My nephew played in the Little League when he was 8. He started as a pitcher. During one game he was covering home base on a play. The player slid into him, breaking his leg. After he recovered, he quit playing Little League.
I could hear the neighbor yelling. I was afraid he would hit his wife. I listened intently for over an hour. I heard her screaming. I immediately called the police.
Xerxes was raised in a very sheltered monotonous community. He had not be exposed to many other cultures. He had trouble realizing when he was doing something impolite. He was making copies for a flyer for a garage sale. He didn't realize that he had used xenophobic terms on the flyer.
The man rubbed the woman's feet. That made the woman feel good. The woman made him dinner as thanks. The man brought some wine as a treat. The two became great friends.
Jen has two little girls. She has everything monogrammed for them. They look like they have stepped out of a magazine. Even their shoes are monogrammed. Jen is the monogram mama.
I used to donate blood plasma. One day I went to donate. They told me that I could no longer donate blood. I think it might have been because I tested a vaccine. You are not supposed to do that while donating.
James loves to play basketball every day. James' basketball team always wins their games. One day, his basketball team lost. James was really mad. James then decided to quit playing basketball.
Tom was drunk on facebook. He started flirting with different girls. Most of them didn't care for it. One was actually receptive. Tom lucked out by accident.
My sister in law's husband drove an old Ford Escort. He drove 180 miles round trip every day. One day a car ran an intersection and hit him. He was alright but the Escort was totalled. He did not get much insurance as the car was very old.
Austin had signed up to be a pee-wee hockey coach. The kids on his team could barely skate. He taught them how to skate while holding a hockey stick. After several practices he saw improvement. By the end of the season the kids were able to skate, shoot and score.
Sam liked to ride in the back the school bus. The back was fun because it was bouncy when the bus went over bumps. One day the bus went over a big bump a bit too fast. Sam was bounced clear out of his seat. Sam quit sitting in the back of the bus.
Allies daughter was staying the weekend. Allie was happy to have her. But all the sudden her daughter started flaring up. They had to call 911. Allie was scared for her daughter.
Tom moved in with his girlfriend. She had a cat. The cat didn't like Tom. Tom tried hard to win it over. Nothing worked and they never got along.
Sam was taking his son fishing. They went out early in the morning. They got into a rowboat. Then, they paddled out to the middle of a lake. They spent the whole day fishing.
I went to my mom's house for Christmas. The whole family was there. We decided we needed to get together more often. So, we made a date to meet up. It was so nice to see everyone there.
Yolanda was out with her boyfriend walking. All of the sudden, it started to pour. Yolanda did not even carry an umbrella. Both Yolanda and her boyfriend were drenched. Yolanda couldn't wait to get home.
Jake worked at a restaurant. He went into work after a storm. The storm had knocked out the power. All the food in the cooler had thawed. Jake had to help throw the food from the cooler.
Lauren had very crooked teeth. She went to the dentist who suggested she get braces. Lauren decided that would be a great idea and got them put on. She hated wearing them but knew it would be worth it. One year later she had them removed and now her teeth are beautiful!
Gina had a boyfriend, and she was happy with him. They were very close and spent time often. One evening, he accidentally butt dialed Gina while he was with a girl. Gina listened the conversation, and discovered he was cheating. Gina realized he was a bad man, and immediately broke up with him.
Tom saw a UFC match when he was a kid. He thought it was amazingly cool. Tom joined a martial arts class the next day. Years of practice later Tom had enough experience to join the UFC. He didn't do that well, but he felt he achieved his dream.
Mark just got a new job that pays more money. The only bad thing about it is that it's an overnight job. Mark starts work at ten at night and gets off at five in the morning. It took Mark a month to adjust his sleeping habits. Now Mark is a night owl who can sleep all day easily.
Sandy's parents didn't allow any pets. When the other kids talked about their pets, Sandy felt left out. One day, Sandy told the class she got a huge aquarium full of fish. She made it sound so exotic, the other kids begged to see it. As the kids followed Sandy home, she felt strangely numb.
Adam wanted to play golf like his dad. Together the two went to the country club. There, Adam tried to copy the moves and tips his dad taught him. But he just couldn't get the hang of it, and he hung his dad. But his dad hugged him and said golf didn't matter - he loved Adam!
I was moving boxes from a moving truck to my house. I reached down to pick up a large heavy box. When I picked the box up, the bottom collapsed under it. My crock pot fell out of the box and cracked all over the driveway. I went inside, grabbed a broom and cleaned up the mess.
Tia was having a good dream. But then she woke with a start. She had not heard her alarm! She jumped out of bed quickly. She had to rush to avoid being late to work!
John is hungry. He decides to boil some pasta. He realizes he is out of pasta. John goes to the store. John buys some pasta.
A mom and son walked through Bryant Park. The little boy saw the carousel. He wanted to ride! His mom paid the fare. He rode and rode the rest of the afternoon.
Susanne had a birthday. She thought no one cared. Then she went home. All of her friends were there. They surprised her.
A family of 5 decided that they needed to go camping. It took them hours and hours to pack up the truck and get ready to go. Finally they were off on their adventure. They spent days and days traveling to Zion's National Park. They enjoyed their time hiking and sightseeing.
I was invited to a secret techno party last month. The location was not disclosed until the day of the event. The party was held in a warehouse in Oakland. I danced and had a lot of fun with friends. I plan on going to another party like that soon.
Since Sam is moving today, she tried to rearrange her shelf. She took out several boxes with junk and sorted them out. While she threw away many things, she found some games. Her mom also found some belongings, including her earrings. They cleaned the items before putting it away.
Leo was always the best at chess. When he got an aneurysm, his friends thought he wouldn't play anymore. As a matter of fact, he couldn't play for quite a while. But as months passed he regained enough to play a game. When he won, Leo felt he had overcome a great challenge.
Allie sprayed some perfume on herself. At first she thought it smelled really good. Then all the sudden she started getting hives. She found she was allergic. She then rushed to the hospital to get treatment.
My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.
Barbara went to get her hair permed. The beautician put rollers and perm solution in. The perm solution burnt through her hair. Her hair fell out, and the beautician realized she used hair remover The beautician was embarrassed, and Barbara left upset.
Wasn't perfect, in fact it was the exact opposite. It was torturous, the fear and insecurity that lies within it. I felt pressured to be perfect, or consequently, replaced. I wanted so badly to be something reminisced, something everlasting. But with time, nearly all things come to an end.
Polly went to the doctor for a checkup. The doctor told her to drink more water. She hates water. Instead, Polly drank juice and soda. Polly is now diabetic.
Benny had broken one of his mother's good plates. He threw the pieces away and cleaned the floor. He didn't tell his mother about the plate. Benny's mother realized there was a plate missing. Benny admitted he broke the plate.
I was on vacation in Florida. I decided to go to an orange farm. The farmer there gave me a nice tour. At the end of the tour he gave me an orange. I ate it but realized afterwards that it was moldy so I fell sick.
I saw my ladder in my friend's yard. I told him it was my ladder. He said it was his. We argued about the ladder for an hour. Until we remembered that we both purchased the ladder together.
Lucy has been taking sailing lessons. For her final exam she had to capsize and right a boat. Lucy capsized and fell in the water. After a few minutes she righted the boat. Lucy passed the exam.
Joe's dog loves to lick. However, it has the worst breath. You can smell its breath when it opens its mouth. It smells like rotten eggs. Joe's dog needs a toothbrush.
Amy was in music class. The music teacher was discussing classical music. Amy was texting instead of listening. The teacher began to play Mozart. Amy was surprised by how much the music moved her.
A teacher was busy teaching math in grade school one day. The fire alarm rang and the students cheered. Everyone lined up by the door. The teacher led them outside. The teacher cursed the fire drill for ruining her plans.
My wife gotta work today at 8 am. She texted me that the power was out in her area. She waited with her coworkers in the dark all morning. Everybody went home at 1 pm, as the power was still out. She got home and we had coffee.
Joyce never got along with her brother, she thought he was crazy. He would sleep every night for only 3 hours exactly. He often murmured things to her while she was walking by. She thought he was harmless until the day police arrived at her door. They arrested her brother for the connection of a 3 people murder.
Samuel would eat almost anything. He just couldn't stomach fish. His parents would always make him try it though. This time they forced salmon down his throat. Before he could swallow he had already started throwing up.
Kate needed to make some extra money. She decided to start a new part-time career. After asking her friends for advice, she decided on DJing. She bought a lot of new DJ equipment. Kate recently had her first DJ gig.
Tom was getting married. A friend offered to take pictures for him. Tom wanted to save money and agreed. Most of the pictures came out bad. Tom regretted not getting a professional.
The preschoolers were going on a field trip. Their teachers took them to the fire station. They talked to the firefighters. They saw the fire truck. It was a wonderful field trip.
Neil walked into his local laundromat. An overflowing laundry basket accompanied him. It had been two weeks since the last laundry run. Neil was looking forward to fresh clothes as he inserted his quarters. It was only then he noticed the Out of Order sign on his machine.
Dave had a big math test coming up. He knew he needed to study, but his favorite movie was on television. He decided to watch the movie and study afterwards. Unfortunately, Dave ended up falling asleep during the movie. The next day, he failed his math test.
The old man next door has dementia. He was outside this morning. Concerned, I called his daughter. She told me he was singing and dancing. I laughed, and chose not to disturb him.
Kaya wanted a pet. But she was only four, and her mom worried. She wanted Kaya to learn responsibility first. So she bought Kaya a pet rock to care for. Kaya treated her pet rock very well, and her mom was pleased!
Sean ordered a salad at a drive thru restaurant. The worker forgot to give Sean a fork. Sean drove back to the restaurant. He walked into the restaurant. Sean got a fork from the counter.
Andy has played the guitar for years. He has noticed his guitar was getting old. He decided to throw down some money for a new one. He spent all weekend shopping and searching. He eventually spent one thousand dollars on a wonderful new guitar.
Ace was the best pool player in the neighborhood. One day, a stranger came into the pool hall. He and Ace played a few games, each winning a few bucks. The stranger then suggested they increase the bet to a hundred bucks. After Ace lost, and the stranger left, Ace realized he'd been hustled.
Milly was about to go to a party. She was all dressed up when her cat ran into the yard. As she chased the cat, she fell into the pool. Her dress was soaking wet and probably ruined. In a bad mood, Milly decided to just stay in.
Lorrie has always been pale. She wanted to change her skin tone a bit. She wanted to get a tan. So she headed to the beach. Lorrie tanned for days and got a nice tan.
Jill wanted to clean behind the refrigerator. Her husband pulled the appliance away from the wall. Jill started using the vacuum hose to suck up the dust. Her husband grabbed the vacuum and started pushing it over the floor. A cloud of dust blew out of the vacuum as Jill shook her head.
My son in law spilled coffee on our rug. The coffee left dark stains on the light colored rug. A relative suggested using Windex. Her husband runs a carpet cleaning company. The Windex worked wonders.
Jack was teasing an angry boy on the bus. The boy tried to ignore him but he wouldn't stop. Finally he lost his cool and the two began wrestling. The driver pulled over and yelled at both of them. Then, he kicked Jack off of the bus for being unruly.
They decided to spend time looking at the cannons. The ship people had said to be back on time. They lost track of the time and began to run. They ran down the pier yelling. The ship had already left port.
I never knew what a 401k was until yesterday. My dad asked me how much I had saved. Apparently it's something I should have had already. I found out that my job offers a 401k so I started one today. I'm excited that I'll be planning for my future now.
One day Grace volunteered at the local soup kitchen. One of the homeless women gave her a hug. She hugged her back. That made Grace's day. She was happier from then on.
Mike was a cab driver in Atlanta. He was going to night school to learn about business. After graduating, Mike bought three cabs. He hired two cab drivers, starting his own business. Mike's Rides is now the largest taxi service in Atlanta, Georgia.
The man commuted every day. He got on the train at five in the morning. He worked while he rode for two hours. In the evening, he'd get back on the train. He spent so much time in the train it started to feel like home.
Tiffany was excited for school to start. She was used to staying at home with her kids during the day. Once the kids went back to school so did Tiffany. She worked hard and by the time summer came she was graduating. She got her Nursing degree while her kids went to first grade!
John just signed up to be in my English class. I hope he likes it. The professor is a little boring. I like the subject a lot. It will be fun to have him in class with me.
Timmy loves floats and colors. He was excited for the parade. He got up early and got a good seat. His family accompanied him. He had great fun all day.
Lucy is a stay at home mom who likes clothes. One day her friend invited her to an online shopping party. She agreed to attend. The party included games with cash prizes toward clothes. Lucy won all the prizes and happily bought lots of clothes.
In 1989, our company started using personal computers. A colleague and I were selected to get the first two. The shop steward wanted to protest as we did not have seniority. She decided not to. When she got her pc later she did not know how to use it.
The officer stood at the corner and directed traffic. There had been an accident. He showed cars where to go until the scene was cleaned up. Once the road was cleared, he got back in his car. His arms were tired from waving them all around.
Our building has a clubroom with free coffee. One day we went down for coffee. The room was out of creamers. The concierge told us a few kids took the creamers. He said the manager would tell the parents.
Ted walked down the street feeling a little glum. He was upset that he couldn't seem to find a job he liked. He liked playing music, and was a pretty good guitar player. Just then, he caught sight of a job advertisement at a music store. Ted walked in and applied to be a children's guitar teacher.
I have a thing about pencil erasers. I hate the plastic ones that don't really erase. I am in search of a brand that only uses proper rubber erasers. I haven't found one yet. I remain determined to succeed in my quest.
Tom was driving through a small town. He didn't realize the speed limit changed. He was pulled over and given a ticket. Tom explained there was no sign. The cop didn't care.
The end of senior year was stressful for Maya. She struggled to finish all the paperwork required. She got her cap and gown. When she finally walked the stage, she was relieved. She finally had a bachelor's degree.
The Boy Scouts were camping in the forest. They were having problems starting the fire. One of the Scouts was an Eagle Scout. Everyone decided he should start the fire. He started the fire, but was only allowed one match.
The man applied for college. He picked five universities to apply too. He did not get accepted into any of the universities. He decided to go to a community college. After two years he was accepted to one of the universities.
I had to go to a comic store for my girlfriend one day. She wasn't sure what she wanted but she wanted to read something new. I looked around a lot but couldn't figure out a good one for us. I found a few that were good and compared the prices. I chose the cheapest one since I wasn't really sure, and it went well!
Laura and I weren't sure what to get for dinner one day. We wanted Italian but it was very expensive. I ended up ordering the Italian for the both of us. It was kind of expensive but I didn't mind. We both really enjoyed out Italian food!
Mike's stepfather was helping build the roof to a tree fort. Mike was sitting under the roof while his stepfather was up hammering. The tree fort was looking really good. As his stepfather was hammering another hammer slid off the roof. It landed right on Mike's skull and split his scalp open.
Lily was about to go on the red carpet. She was very nervous. She proceeded to get her makeup done. Unfortunately they screwed up. It therefore made lily late.
Gina returned to the classroom in the morning. She went to her desk to retrieve her Lisa Frank pencils. But when she opened her desk they were gone. She knew Dave had taken them. And she was tired of playing games with this boy.
Alana got a new puppy for Christmas. She played with the puppy everyday. One day she lost it. She put up fliers. Then she found it the next day.
Lucy's grandmother watched Bonanza everyday. Lucy hated westerns and usually didn't watch. Today Lucy could find nothing to occupy her time. She sat and watched Bonanza with her grandmother. Lucy realized the show was that bad after all.
Billy was in finals week in school. On his first exam, Bill had done exceptionally well. He realized that he had forgotten to study for his next exam. He began panicking on his way to the next test. Billy gave it his best effort anyways.
On October 17th, our local hot dog shop celebrated its birthday. The shop, named Spike's, gave out free hot dogs from 1 to 4 PM. We got there at 3 PM and had a hot dog. The shop, named after a bulldog, had such an animal  out for petting. We petted the dog and said goodbye.
Larry has never been a big fan of sports. However, he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people. Larry decides to attend a local soccer match. He cheers along with other fans when the team scores. Although he doesn't make any new friends, he resolves to try again.
David had about $50 of spending money. And he spent all day deciding what he should buy online. He added various items to his shopping cart at different websites. And by night time, he began to feel stingy about spending his money. By early morning, David decided to buy a few things he didn't want.
Kayla always dreamed of becoming a surgeon. The only problem was she was scared of blood. She fainted anytime she had her blood drawn. She persevered and kept trying. She eventually became a surgeon.
Steven was really popular at his school. One day he got an invite to a party. He went to the party. In there he met a girl who he liked. They became boyfriend and girlfriend.
Jeff needed money to buy a car. He decided to mow lawns for the summer for five bucks per lawn. He walked around his neighborhood everyday to promote his business. Within two months Jeff had raised over six hundred dollars. His mom was happy with his work ethic so she helped pay for the rest!
The group started at the base of the mountain. They loved being out in the summer air. They climbed the trail without a problem. They got to the top. They took pictures of the view.
Ramona had been working on her jewelry line for months. She really wanted to showcase her line to her friends. She invited her friends to come see the collection. When her friends arrived, they took a look. To Ramona's delight, they loved it.
Eddie didn't like to eat veggies. His mother tried to get him to eat them anyway. Eddie would push them off his plate. His mother began to serve Eddie vegetable juice. Eddie drank down the juice happily.
Ed had a broken window on his car. He wanted to order food through a drive thru. Ed had to open his door at the speaker and to get his food. The cashier laughed at him. Eventually Ed brought his car to a repairman.
For her whole life, Michelle dreamed of having kids. When she turned 23, she got married. After being married for 2 years, she learned she was pregnant. She worked very hard on the nursery for the new baby. Once the baby came, she was very happy and couldn't wait to get it home.
Dan's well went dry. He called the plumbing outfit from town to look at it. They told him the groundwater reservoir had gone down too much. Dan had to pay to put a cistern in. Now he has to haul water every week.
Kevin does not put much effort into school. He never completes his homework on time. Kevin refuses to study for tests. Based on his poor performance, Kevin is not allowed to take the final. Kevin fails his course and has to repeat it.
Tina was set on studying abroad for the fall semester. Her boyfriend did not want to be without her and decided to go too. The couple signed up for a writing program in Sydney, Australia. Tina very much enjoyed the program but her boyfriend was miserable. Tina learned not to bring boyfriends on any more trips abroad.
Matt found a turtle on the playground during recess. Matt took the turtle back into the school when recess was over. Matt hid the turtle under his desk. The turtle crawled away from the desk just as the teacher walked by. The teacher made Matt take the turtle back outside to the playground.
Sam got in a fight at school. A bully picked on him, and Sam defended himself. But both boys received detention! Sam tried to explain to his parents, but they didn't listen. Sam felt unjustly accused and punished.
Jessica was working at a McDonald's drive through. One of the people that drove through dropped their food on the ground. Jessica apologized and offered to get them new food. The people just drove away. Jessica had to clean the food off the ground.
Tonya's best friend set her up on a blind date. Tonya met her date, Ben, at the local Italian restaurant. At first, Tonya was very shy. After Ben told a few jokes, Tonya became more comfortable. Following dinner, the two exchanged phone numbers and kissed goodbye.
There is a fun run that happened at midnight. It was about an hour drive. Everyone got a glow stick. The start was crowded. I finished close to my normal time.
Naya went for a perm. She loved her new curly hair! But that night, she took a hot shower. Naya forgot that permed hair couldn't get wet! Her curls all fell flat!
Olivia had slept with her hair in a bun. Now her hair was badly tangled. She needed to comb it all out. One knot was particularly bad. She ended up tearing the hair off.
There were bees outside. I do not like bees much. I went outside to check the mail. The bees left me alone. I did not get stung by bees.
The socialist group met in the lobby. Two of the members wore masks. One of the members made them remove them. The masked men were police. They were evicted from the group.
Sam wanted an open relationship with his girlfriend. His girlfriend said that it is fine. A week later, he goes on facebook and checks her page. She has a new boyfriend. Sam realizes that it wasn't a open relationship.
Jim was climbing the tallest mountain in the world. He pulled out a map and checked his location. There was a campsite 100 feet from him. He took out his compass and went in that direction. He found it in a clearing.
Tim was out camping. He started a campfire. At night he got drunk and forgot to put it out. Tim's fire grew bigger and out of control. He was responsible for a small forest fire.
Leah loved to garden. She spent lots of time taking care of her many plants. The crows and rabbits wanted to eat the vegetables in her garden. Leah put a scary scarecrow in the garden. The crows and rabbits did not eat her plants because they were scared.
Tom always thought he was pretty funny. He decided to try stand up comedy once. He went to an open mic night. His set didn't get any laughs. Tom gave up that pursuit.
Mindy took out a knife. She cut off some of the meat from the carcass. Her husband lit a fire and they cooked the meat. They looked out at the darkness for any wolves. Then they crouched down and ate their food.
Bryce wanted to compete in the Baja races at the county fair. He spent weeks fine tuning his car in preparation. The day of the races he won his first race. Then everything began to go wrong including two flat tires! He ended the night in dead last with a broken car and a broken hand.
A company decided they wanted to advertise. They looked for an ad agency. They contacted the ad agency for a proposal. They selected their favorite. They grew their business with ads.
Chuck and Paul were riding a motorbike. They were going pretty fast when they hit a bump in the road. They both were thrown off of the bike. Chuck was fine but Paul hit his head on the ground. Paul had to go to the hospital to get stitches.
Jerome called Robin at 8 o'clock and asked her for company. Robin liked him a lot so she said yes to spending time with him. At Jerome's house, he rubbed and kissed on Robin a lot. She couldn't control her urges and they had sex. Robin told her friend what happened and she said, that's a booty-call!
Gabe meant well and his friends knew it for the most part. Throughout the years however he became more of a nuisance. He was rarely asked to join the group of friends and became sad. He stopped eating, became very ill and was fired from his job. He died without his friends being by his side when he needed the most.
I placed the burrito wrap into the toaster. After several seconds, it was finished. I tried to get the wrap out of the toaster however, it got stuck. The wrap also became burnt. I threw the wrap away and started over.
Drew went to play basketball with his friends. He went for a lay up and jumped high enough to dunk. Drew was shocked because he had never dunked before. Drew smiled triumphantly, but everyone else started to laugh. They had lowered the rim by a foot prior to playing.
Lilly's dad took her to the pound for a kitten. She fell in love with one but it was caged with its sister. She couldn't tear them apart. Her dad saw how sad she was. He let her take both of the kittens home!
Bradley started the year without knowing how to play the guitar. He vowed that he would learn to do it by December. He bought an expensive guitar. He practiced every day. At the end of the year he was pretty good at it.
Felipe was watching videos of adorable animals. He had been watching for three hours straight. He couldn't help but watch one after another. The cute animals made him so happy. Felipe can't stop smiling.
Jackson had always wanted to learn a new language. He decided to start taking Spanish classes. Jackson worked very hard to improve his Spanish ability. Finally he was a great Spanish speaker. Jackson was happy that he had learned a new language.
Gary didn't like going hunting. His father really enjoyed it, though. Gary only went to hang out with his dad. Every time Gary had the chance to shoot, he missed on purpose. His dad grew disappointed in his failures.
My 99 year old friend Ben was in WW2. Once he was with his squad at a brothel in Paris. He stayed in the lobby, as he was a married man. The prostitutes made fun of him. He said he never cheated on his wife.
The brakes on my car started pulsating. This usually means a rotor is warped. I took off the tire and inspected the brakes. The left side caliper bolt was broken in two. I replaced both bolts and repaired the brakes.
One day Randy went to the park for a walk. While he was there, he saw a man throw an empty bottle on the ground. Randy decided to do a good deed and throw it away. He then reported the man to park rangers. The man had to pay a fine.
Jeff went back to his apartment. Inside his apartment, there were some nihilists. The nihilists told Jeff that they had kidnapped his friend Bunny. Jeff's friend Maude said the nihilists were lying. Jeff had to talk to Jackie to find out if they were lying or not.
The students gathered outside the classroom. They sat on the quad and talked about the lecture. The quad was their favorite place to meet. After they discussed their class, they went home. They agreed to meet after every class.
Tonya and Lisa's parents hired a babysitter and went out on a date. Tonya and Lisa were sound asleep when their parents came home. Their mom woke them up to tell them they had bought a boat. The girls excitedly ran to the window to see the new boat. As dad was tucking them in he told them mom had had too much to drink.
We went on a ghost tour. They took us through an area that had activity We didn't see any but we heard some stories. Nothing too scary but it made you really think. So it was a fun interesting experience.
Diana wants to do something to keep busy this weekend. Unfortunately she doesn't have any friends to hang out with. She decides to go shopping at her local mall to stay busy. She buys two sweaters and eats an ice cream cone. When she gets home, she is happy that she left the house.
Ariel had a fear of flying. Because of her work, Ariel was asked to travel cross-country. Ariel went to a psychologist to address her fear of flying. After a few weeks, her therapy was successful. Ariel was able to fly without fear, and to keep the job she liked.
Tim's girlfriend Amy was always a cool and calm chick. Lately, Amy had shown signs of jealousy. Tim couldn't figure out what was wrong. Soon, her jealousy got even worse and Tim was ready to leave. The next day, Amy got her period which explained the strong emotions.
The store got crowded. The owner got busy. A boy stole something. The owner did not notice. The boy continued to steal.
A man was at the hospital visiting a sick relative. He met a volunteer who keeps lonely sick people company. He was inspired by this person's kindness. He began volunteering himself. He felt great about being able to help so many people.
Jack was home sick from work from a stomach bug. He was miserable and did not get out of bed all day. When he returned to work the next day, he still felt queasy. A few days later some of his co workers got sick too. Next time, Jack decided to stay home until he was completely well.
Anne woke up in a panic. She kept having the same nightmare. Someone was chasing her through the woods. She tried to convince herself it was ok. But then the next night she had the same nightmare.
Tom hated his bedroom. He thought it looked bland. He saved up to buy new furniture. He also matched some new curtains. Tom felt much better in his new bedroom.
Ronaldo notices that his shoes have become pretty dirty. He loves looking good for work in shined shoes. Ronaldo decides to shine his shoes one day. He polishes them until they look great. Ronaldo is happy that he has nicely shined shoes at work.
Donald worked in an advertising firm. He would always struggle to think of new ideas in the office. He found that his best ideas came consistently when he played golf. He told his boss this, who didn't believe him at first. Donald's boss now tells him to play golf in work hours.
Last night I had a scary dream. It kept me up all night. I wasn't able to go back to sleep. Eventually I had to go to work. Now I'm tired and annoyed.
Alice heard about a new movie coming out. She had watched all the other movies in the series. She decided to buy tickets for opening night. She convinced a few friends to go with her as well. All of them went together and thought the movie was great.
Jeff went to his twenty-year high school class reunion. He saw Jenny at the reunion. Jenny had dumped Jeff right before the prom. Now Jenny weighed at least twice as much as Jeff. Jeff enjoyed his high school reunion.
When he was in highschool Jim wanted to be a pilot. He worked two jobs and took flying lessons. He became a licensed pilot before he graduated. Jim joined the Air force as soon as he graduated. That was many years ago and Jim is still a professional pilot.
Audrey wanted to push her baby sister's stroller. Her mother said she was too small, but Audrey knew she could do it. When her mother wasn't looking, Audrey started pushing the stroller. She pushed the stroller into a rock and bumped the baby. The baby yelled at Audrey all the way home.
Gina and her family were at the park with their extended family. Some of the kids were pretty wild. In the parking lot an alarm on a car began to sound. The adults all went to check if it was their car. There were rocks all around the cars kids had been throwing.
Marvin asked his wife to prepare a dinner for his business associates. She wasn't a very good cook, so she called a restaurant. They brought her a catered meal. All the guests raved about the food. She just smiled and pretended she'd made it all.
Fatima graduated high school. She decided to go to college. Her grades were not good in high school. She went to a community college and did well. She transferred to a large university.
Lilly's grandmother kept some cacti in pots on the kitchen windowsill. Lily thought she heard a noise outside so she ran to the window. As she bent to look out her face brushed up against one of the cacti. She gasped as some of the prickles hit and embedded into her face. Her grandmother spent half an hour removing them with tweezers.
I went into work and forgot my lunch in my car. During my morning break I ran to my car to get it. I grabbed my lunch and rand inside. My break was already half over at this point. I defied the rules and stayed for another 10 minutes on break.
I really hate wasting time. I decided one day to get rid of my television. Now I spend more time reading. I've gained a lot of knowledge from reading. Now I'm smarter than everyone I know!
Emma had some friends stay the night. They were up all night telling ghost stories. They all got scared. They cried and wanted to call their moms. Emma decided not to have sleepovers anymore.
Tom was dating Danielle for two Year's. Danielle was addicted to drugs and Tom was at his wit's end. He gave her an ultimatum and told her he'd leave if she didn't quit. She acted like she'd quit, but she really didn't. Tom made the difficult decision to leave her finally.
My kids always wanted a dog. Finally we decided to get one last week. We picked a rescue from the local pound. It is really cute and playful. So far I've been playing with it most.
The man was going fishing. He went out on the pier and cast his line. Immediately, he had a bite! He reeled in a huge fish. He took it home to cook it.
Steven loved ants. He built a paper ant model. One day he decided to pull a prank on his mother. He played his giant paper ant model on his mother's bed. He never saw that paper ant model again.
Tina went to church for the first time. Her brother took her. She wanted to be part of a religion. All of the sudden she loved it. She then decided to join immediately.
Rita bought a new cell phone. She used it to text many of her friends. One day she dropped it on the floor. She tried to catch it but the screen cracked. Emma was very sad that her new phone was broken.
Betsy heard a noise in the back of her house. No one else was home. Betsy was very scared. She slowly walked to see what was making the noise. Her kitten had knocked down a box of books!
I wanted to build a casino. I partnered with an Indian reservation. They let me build on their land. After a few years, the casino was finished. It became very profitable!
Mary checked her mailbox. She received an important envelope. As she was reading it, she began to shrivel up. She told her husband that the house was on the verge of closing down. They took a moment to hug each other.
Maryann was very indecisive. It felt like her brain was frozen when given choices. Even the simplest of questions were so hard to answer. Today she ended up missing an important job interview. All because she couldn't figure out which underwear to wear.
Annie decided she wanted to take a bubble bath. Her mom said it was okay but to be careful. She poured strawberry scented bubble bath under the water. But she used too much! Bubbled ended up running out of the tub and onto the floor.
I got home from work last night and parked my car in front of my house. I left my purse on the seat and forgot to lock the doors. When I came back out an hour later my purse was missing. I called the police to report it missing. The police officer made it seem like it was all my fault.
Jeff is a volleyball coach at a high school. He held try outs today and he has to cut two kids. He is dreading doing this because he doesn't want to upset them. He gave them specific things to work on to get better. The following year they came back and had improved!
Ellen had just adopted a little boy named Tony. She wasn't sure what to buy Tony for his first Christmas. Then she had a great gift idea. She bought Tony a brand new bike! She was very happy when Tony said he loved his gift.
Maria went shopping for a birthday gift for her best friend. At the department store, she saw a beautiful cashmere sweater. Maria felt torn because she wanted the sweater for herself. Then she pictured her friend's face when opening the gift. Maria knew what she would do as she bought the sweater.
Penny went to nursing school. His instructor showed him how to give a shot. Penny did not like giving the shot. Penny quit nursing school. He searched for a field of study with no needles.
Karen graduated college and was excited for her future. Her family wanted to do something special for Karen. Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise. The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time. Karen was very happy and thankful for her family.
Tim asked his mom to rent him a movie. He thought he was precise about what he wanted. Unfortunately Tim's mom got the wrong movie. Tim was frustrated but didn't want to be mean. He went back and they let him swap it out at the rental place.
I was playing with my dog. As soon as the dog jumped on me I screamed. His nails are long and very sharp. I took him to the veterinarian office. The veterinarian cut my dog's nails.
My sister found out that I like a nerdy tabletop game. She has been making fun of me every day. Yesterday, I convinced her to join my friends and I in a game. She wouldn't admit it, but she had a lot of fun. I will invite her again next time we play.
I walked into the forest. After a couple of minutes, I forgot where my camp was located. For several hours, I tried to escape from the forest. I ended up moving in circles since the forest was huge. Around midnight, my friends found me.
Tim was invited to a party. He only went because his friend invited. Tim didn't like parties. He was incredibly bored at this one. He decided to sneak out early.
Jim was thirsty. He wanted water but only juice was available. Jim decided not to drink the juice. He then started cramping up. He reluctantly drank the juice.
Lilly received a birthday gift. She couldn't fit into the shirt so she wanted to return it. At first, the store clerk wouldn't accept her return. Luckily, she was able to convince them with some arguing. She ended up picking out a nice dress instead.
Brad decided to make some fresh bread. While the yeast proofed and oven preheated, he gathered ingredient. He combined the flour and dry ingredients in a bowl. Then he added the wet ingredients, mixed, kneaded,and left it to rise. After it finished baking, Brad had a delicious piping hot loaf!
Sue needed a new dress. She did not have enough money to buy one. She did have enough for fabric. Sue decided to buy fabric and make a dress. She made her dream dress and was happy.
Alexis won tickets to see her favorite band. She found out the tickets included a meet and greet. So the night of the concert she took extra long to get ready. She was ready to meet her future husbands. When she got there she realized how ugly they were in person and left.
Eric had a bad headache. He had taken medicine twice. He still had the headache. Eric finally took a nap. The headache went away.
Tom was eating out with friends. He noticed his girlfriend at the same restaurant. She had said she was sick and staying home. Tom noticed she was with someone else. He stopped talking to her that same night.
Charles hated the house he lived in and the people living in it. His landlord made him move out his room and into the den. His landlord's wife's father took over Charles' bedroom. Charles couldn't find his social security card and didn't start work. Later he found his social security card in his old bedroom.
I hadn't seen my cousins in years. When they finally came to America I was so happy. We drove two hours to see them. We spent the whole weekend playing like old times. They never left America again.
One day, Billy's family went on a trip to the zoo. Billy went to see the lion's den with his sister. Billy walked up to the den and tapped on the glass. One of the lions leaped into the air and swung a paw at Billy. Billy was scared to approach any other animals from then on.
Neil had just arrived in Sydney. He took a tour to the downtown area. there he saw the beautiful Sydney opera House. That night he even saw a performance there! Neil thought it was the experience of a lifetime!
The quarterback threw Mike a long pass. The ball was in the air when Tom the defender got there. Tom impulsively hit Mike as hard as he could. Mike went unconscious for three minutes. Mike was carried off the field in a stretcher.
Ophelia had always wanted to learn to knit. She decided to try knitting a sweater. She worked very hard, knitting every day on the train to work. Finally her sweater was complete. Ophelia was glad that she had learned to knit.
Steve visited his mother's house over the weekend. His mother had a broken pipe under her house. Steve offered to fix the pipe. He bought the necessary items and fixed the pipe. His mother thanked him by cooking a full meal.
Kate didn't want to help paint the living room. She hid in her room hoping her mom would forget she was home. After 20 minutes there was a knock on her door. Kate was afraid it was her mom. She was relieved to see it was in fact her brother.
Trevor went ding dong ditching with his friends. They would knock on neighbors doors and run away. It pissed off everyone in the neighborhood. One house Trevor just threw a newspaper instead of knocking. It went right through the window, Trevor is doing yard work to fix it.
Jorge's son wanted an Xbox very badly. Jorge told him if he wants it he needs to get better grades. This motivated his son. Immediately he went into his room and began to study. His next report card was straight A's, so Jorge bought the system.
Ben loved playing video games. He played games night and day. Each time a new game came out, Ben played it until he was the best. One day Ben entered a video game tournament and lost to a young kid. Now Ben doesn't play games any more.
Ralf used to like the circus. He would go every chance he got. Then one year a scary clown frightened him. He didn't like the circus from then on. The event still gives him nightmares.
My cousin picked me up from my house. Although we planned to go by mom's house, she drove somewhere else. We parked behind a gas station. She walked towards a friend of hers. They exchanged drugs.
It was five in the morning and Anna was starving! She and her friends had been partying late, since it was Saturday. But now all the restaurants in town were closed! Anna looked around and found a few slices of leftover pizza. She was forced to satiate her hunger with tepid pizza!
It was a rainy day and Kelly decided to play card games. Kelly was have fun. As she was occupied, she heard something at the door. It ended up being an intruder. She called her parents.
Tim was a tutor. He usually had a lot of patience. His latest student really pushed him, though. Tim could not get through to him. He had to give up and get someone else to help him.
Charles' family was distant, but he thought they'd watch him walk. He put the word on facebook he was graduating college. Then he made calls to his mother, father and grandparents. After the ceremony, none of Charles' family approached him. His only accolades came from graduates and professors.
The view from the top of the Ferris Wheel was amazing. Fran wished she could enjoy it longer. Just as Fran and Burt were at the apex of the ride, it stopped. Fran was able to stare out over the valley for a very long time. They were both happy the wheel began to turn again.
Robbie watched his mom making the sandwich. He really wished he knew how to do it himself. His mom always told him to ask for help, but he wanted to do it. The next day he decided to try! He was so proud of himself when he saw his finished sandwich!
My parents gave me a boom box for Christmas. I played the boom box at top volume in my room. My parents told me to turn the volume down. I did not listen to them and kept it at high volume. My parents then took the boombox away.
Walking home in the pouring rain, Ann wished she had an umbrella. She covered her head with a newspaper, but still became wet. She then spotted a plastic bag, and tied it over her head. Approaching a store, Ann ducked in to wait for a break in the rain. Ann gasped when the store's mirror showed her hair dye had washed out!
Kelly was driving to work one morning. She saw a turtle trying to cross the road. None of the cars ahead of her were stopping for it. Kelly pulled over and helped the turtle cross the road. She drove away with plenty of time to get to work.
Brad was shopping at the mall. But suddenly, many of the stores began closing. So Brad drove somewhere else to buy what he wanted. But the store he drove to was closed too. Brad was embarrassed when he realized it was Sunday.
May hated doing dishes. She piled them all into the dishwasher. She ran it through a cycle. When they were dry, she put them all away. May was so relieved that her dishes were all done now!
Kim and Dave were having marriage troubles. They went to see a therapist. They tried to talk out all their problems. Their communication skills improved. Soon, they were happy again.
Jenny was starting Kindergarten today. She told her mom she was excited, but Jenny was shaking. She wouldn't leave the van, but her mom made her. One Jenny got to school she was very shy. Eventually she opened up, and made lots of friends on her first day.
Ted was so happy the day he became an uncle. He drove to the hospital to see his sister and her baby boy. He was so excited, he drove the wrong way down the street. A cop pulled him over and demanded his registration. Ted told him about the birth and the cop let him off with a warning.
It was time to plan my daughter's sweet 16 party. My daughter Theresa, wanted a Mardi Gras theme. She picked out a colorful gown and shoes to match. Then she went on the internet and found the perfect teal mask to wear. Using my credit card to buy the mask, she was done with her outfit.
Marcus decides he has been sitting at home for too long. He knows he needs to be more active. Finally he decides to visit his local park. He finds the cold wind and rainy very unpleasant. When he returns home, Marcus regrets ever having visited the park.
Alfred wanted to learn a new language. He asked his parents if they had a suggestion for a new language. His father suggested learning Chinese. Alfred went to the library to get some material to learn Chinese. By the end of the day, Alfred knew ten new Chinese words.
Jake liked to drive fast and furiously in his new sports car. He was out driving on Saturday night with his buddies. He was going 30 miles over the posted speed limit. A police officer stopped Jake. Jake received a massive ticket and summons to court.
Helen went to Jamaica on vacation. She met Devar at a popular resort. They hit it off and hung out the whole time. They started a relationship after three days together. Helen never went back to the states after that.
Olivia was looking to buy a car. Her friend's brother was selling a used car. Olivia went to see her the car. Olivia and the guy decided on a price for the car. Olivia bought the car.
Danny wanted to head to the park. He called his friends but none of them were available. He went to the park alone. Danny walked 4 miles at the park. Danny was proud of his exercise while at the park.
Danielle had been feeling down. She decided to write what was bothering her in a journal. She started to feel better. However, her sister found the journal and read it. Her sister made fun of her for what she wrote.
Stella was naturally good at basketball. She didn't love the game, but it came easy to her. She hoped to earn a scholarship for Basketball. She knew a recruiter would be at the big game next month. She practiced extra long, and hard to prepare for that day.
Anna wanted a puppy. she asked her parents for one. They agreed! So Anna went to the pet store and bought herself a puppy. She was so happy with her new pet!
We had dinner in Brooklyn tonight. The included my wife, two kids, a grandchild and 3 in laws. We were visiting from Boston. We went to Buttermilk Channel. Everyone ordered and enjoyed chicken and waffles.
Jane was late for her dentist appointment. She grabbed a cookie to eat on the way. Jane sat in the dentist chair. The dentist started picking something out of her teeth. He told Jane he was a fan of Fig Newtons too.
Allie went on a trip to Asia. She couldn't wait. Unfortunately Allie had to be on the plane forever. She couldn't wait to be off. When she got of the plane it was a relief.
Ken recorded a rap demo. He sent it to various managers and artists. For a long time he heard nothing back. Then one day an agent called him to talk about a record deal. Ken was so thrilled, he almost dropped the phone!
The student was doing his homework. He turned on the computer to type a report. He typed for an hour and the power went out. He'd lost all his work! The student started to cry.
Ai was a sheltered child who had been abused for years. In foster care she was silent and never smiled. Then one day her foster mom brought home a new baby girl! Ai played with the baby all day, teaching her things. And one day their mom found both little girls laughing together!
Mallory wondered why she pays so much for cable television. She is always at work and barely even watches television. She found out about how cheap Netflix is through a friend. Also Netflix had a bunch of shows the Mallory likes to watch. Mallory cancelled her cable provider and downloaded Netflix.
Steven wanted a ps4. He saw that the ps4 was expensive. He took up extra shifts at his job. In 2 months he was able to save up enough. Steven was able to play with his ps4.
Adam was supposed to meet Paul at the park. Paul got to the park and waited for Adam. Paul finally called to see where Adam was. Adam had forgotten he was meeting Paul. Adam hurried to meet Paul.
James was carrying a lot of books in his arms on the way to class. He tripped over a stick and fell. His glasses fell down and broke in half. He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses. The glasses held in place and he was able to finish his test. B.
John heard a moving speech given at a TED talk. John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk. He felt inspired and moved. John watched it again and took notes. John implemented the advice in talk and saw his life improve
I was walking down my street one afternoon. My neighbor was standing in his yard grilling food. Suddenly, a tree branch fell and knocked his grill over. The hot coals caught his yard on fire, so i rushed to help him. After a lot of effort, we put the fire out and then he thanked me.
Tim was opening his family's summer cabin. He unlocked the door. Then he opened the windows to air it out. He swept the dust off the floors. The cabin was all ready!
Amy had a crazy day yesterday. She arrived home very late. She couldn't find her keys. She had to call a locksmith. The locksmith opened the door.
Jim had gone everywhere around the world in his sailboat. He wanted to try an inland river cruise. Selling his sailboat, he got money for a houseboat. The second he put it in the water it sank. Jim left the water for good after that.
Kay made a dolphin kite in class. She was excited about flying the kite. Her dad took her to the park that day to test it out. She ran as fast as she could to get the kite in the air. Kay had a great time flying a kite with her father that day.
Allie went to the store. She saw candy on sale. It looked great. She got sour candy. She got five bags.
We had my niece sleepover for a big day. We wanted to make sure she had a great time. So we picked out some movies for her to rent. We also got her favorite, chocolate milk. She had such a good time enjoying it all.
No one would have guessed, but Amanda spoke Tagalog. One day on her train, two women were speaking Tagalog. They were making fun of Amanda, saying she looked like a disco dancer. Amanda, who had a sense of humor, knew she was dressed flamboyantly. As she got off the train, she did a few disco moves to stun the women.
Not long ago a family from my church adopted a little girl from China. They had planned to adopt locally but Li's situation was dire. They were contacted because Li could be put out on the streets soon. Apparently a seven year old girl is a waste of space in the orphanage. Don't worry Li, you're home now and you're wanted here!
Gina was at the pet shop. She found a sparkly collar for her dog. She bought it and slipped it on the dog. They went on a walk and Gina heard a loud snap. The collar had ripped right off of the dog!
Ethan and Brian met at college in London. They grew closer over the years and became roommates. Ethan and Brian even joined the soccer team together. After they graduated, Brian met the love of his life. Ethan was Brian's best man in Brian's wedding.
Roxy notices her nails look plain. She hasn't painted them in months. Then she remembers she has nail polish. Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails. Now her nails are beautifully painted.
Damien was outraged at the wrongful accusations he received at work. He denied all of them in front of a committee. But the allegations tainted his relationships with his co workers. Everyone looked at him strangely as if he had done something awful. And eventually he had to quit to escape the mistrust among his peers.
Steve wanted to bench press two hundred pounds. Currently Steve benches about one hundred pounds. He trained real hard for a year. He also ate right and got plenty of sleep. A year later Steve benches well over two hundred!
Tom got a kitten. It ran away within days. Tom never found it. He got another cat. By the time Tom's kitten returned he had forgotten about it.
I went to the store to buy food to make a salad. The grocery was out of lettuce so I skipped it. They were out of carrots and onions too so I skipped that. In the I only was able to buy mushrooms and tomatoes. I decided to use those to make a brown sauce and get chicken for it.
When I was 12 years old, my dad got angry and kicked me aggressively. Afterward, I became very ill, and tasted something metallic. I went to a doctor, and was informed that one of my kidneys was dead. Ever since, I've had swelling and hypertension. I started taking medications to combat the symptoms at 13.
Bill's family was eating dinner. Suddenly, the roof caved in. They all checked online to see what to do. The began fixing the roof. When they were done, the roof turned out better than before.
Angel's computer stopped working. She decided to buy a new one. She went online and found the one she wanted. She waited two days for it to come in the mail. Finally, the mail came and Angel loved her new computer.
Jim liked buying his kids fun toys. He got a dune buggy for their back yard. The kids rode over all the hills and bumps. They laughed as they drove around the yard. The dune buggy was a great new toy!
Tina wanted to have a party. She was selling her jewelry. But she had a surprise. She was pregnant. When she announced it everyone was so happy.
My wife bought frozen pot stickers last night. This is a popular Chinese dish. She cooks since I was disabled in 2011. She was nervous, but she made a great meal. I thanked her for cooking.
For Kylie's birthday, she wanted to make homemade pizza. She invited her friends over to help her. Everyone came and brought their favorite topping. They divided the finished pizzas so everyone could try each kind. When they were done, they agreed it was the best idea Kylie had had.
John went to live in Europe for a year. Every Sunday night the phone would ring in the middle of the night. He'd answer with a sleepy voice. And his mother would ask him how he was doing. He'd explain that there was a time difference but to no avail.
Tameka wanted to marry Charles, but he was poor. She had a baby by him and stayed with him an additional year. But she broke up with him and didn't let him see his son. Charles went to college and became a computer programmer. Tameka and her son showed at his house but he left them at the gate.
Sally couldn't face the world. She moved to a rural area. Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people. She eventually discovered the delight of satellite internet. Now Sally clicks her way to success pennies at a time.
Tim had a dentist appointment. He waited in the waiting room. The hygienist called Tim's name. Tim laid in the exam chair while the hygienist cleaned his teeth. Finally, the dentist came in to look for cavities.
We heard about this new store. They sold these really big donuts. We bought a dozen to try at home. They were so good! We will definitely go back.
It had been raining for two days straight. Kim's apartment basement became flooded. Her things in storage were destroyed. She didn't have any insurance. Kim was very upset with her landlords.
My mother has always been there for me for as long as I could remember. One day she came over when I was having a rough day. She gave me great advice, and afterwards we went out to the bar. As we drove, I reflected on what she said and had fun talks. We got to the bar, I looked over and smiled to know she is my mother.
Tom was playing cards with other guys in his college dorm. During the game, Tom made a rude crack about truck drivers. Tom wound up feeling just terrible about this. One of the other guys took Tom aside. The guy told Tom that his dad was a lifelong truck driver!
Jill and Bethany planned on going to a detox camp together. They decided to go last weekend. Jill thought it was going to be full of spas and relaxation. She was wrong when she realized it was mostly about exercise. At that point, Jill wanted out.
My daughter was acting weird. I assumed she was possessed by an evil spirit. I had the local priest perform an exorcism. Then, I realized it was a hoax. I threw the priest out of my house and gave up religion.
It was Clara's first month of school and already there was a dance. Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class. She could not wait to go with him. She got all dolled up with her hair and makeup done. When the door rang and he was outside, she could not wait.
Billy was playing outside. He tripped over a rock. Both of his shoes came off. He picked up both shoes. He put his shoes back on his feet.
The kids invented a game. It was a race to see who could clean their rooms the fastest. THey both got sidetracked and forgot to keep cleaning. Their mom liked the game, however. It kept them quiet and got their rooms clean!
Jenny was tossing pieces of bread to the fish in the lake. The lake was behind her grandparent's Florida home. All of a sudden she heard loud splashing. There was an alligator in the water. She ran from it in a zigzag pattern like her grandpa had taught her.
Maddy had to take her chemistry exam today. Despite not studying as much as she wanted to, she wasn't nervous. As soon as she started the test, she moved quick. She scanned the answers that she can answer quick. Eventually, she completed her exam and turned it in.
Jim needed to buy a new hard drive. But he didn't want to spend much money. So he bought a hard drive with less space than he wanted. But soon, he ended up buying another hard drive for more space. Jim regret not just spending more on a larger hard drive at first.
Tina wanted to become a vegetarian. She no longer wanted to eat meat. Tina then decided she would never eat meat again. However she only lasted a week. It was too hard.
Mark was excited. His family was taking him up in a skyscraper. He had always been fascinated by them. They got onto the elevator and headed up. He looked around at the top, thrilled.
Sue didn't know what to buy her husband for Christmas. She decided to try to get an idea of what he liked. She went through his things and found some golf clubs. This inspired Sue to purchase something golf related for her husband. She went online and immediately purchased new golf shoes in his size.
Marshall notices that he frequently loses track of time. His friends and family ask him to invest in a watch. Finally he finds one that is both stylish and inexpensive. He loves the convenience of wearing a watch. Now Marshall never loses track of time.
Mary was discouraged about how dry her turkey was for the holidays. She looked up information on how to prevent it. She decided she would buy a baster. When the turkey was almost done she basted the turkey. Her turkey turned out moist and delicious.
Lance was at the store. He needed quarters to do laundry. He used his debit card to pay. When he got cash back he asked for quarters. The cashier was happy to oblige.
My cousin Lin's little sister got married over the weekend. Lea is Chinese. She married a white man. Prior to the wedding she performed a Chinese tea ceremony. Her mother was glad she did this.
One time, I was walking to church at my school. I forgot to go in the morning so I had to go at night. I was afraid to go by myself, but my friend came with me. The service was enjoyable. I am glad my friend came with me and I hope we go again.
My parents live a few blocks from me. They used to have a bigger house, but they lost it to the bank. Their new house is really little. We didn't know how we would all fit for Thanksgiving. Somehow there was enough room and it was a lot of fun.
My mouth was hit with a basketball in gym class. I knew something was wrong because of all the blood. While rinsing my mouth out, a piece of tooth came out in the spit. I had to go to the emergency dentist. They repaired it but it cost a lot.
Ben was a grumpy old man who wanted to watch a movie. He tried to watch his movie all day in his living room. Sadly, his neighbors kept bothering him with visits. After so many visits Ben decided he was going to do something about it. After a lot of thinking, Ben finally put a sign on his door that said don't disturb.
As I ran out the door, my pocket got caught on the knob. I heard a loud rip. I turned and opened the door quickly. It was far too late. The pocket had ripped almost completely off my skirt.
Kyle went to a baseball game with his friends. They sat in the bleacher seats in left field. They sang the seventh-inning stretch. Kyle caught a foul ball. He had the ball autographed after the game.
Alex loved spending time with his grandpa. They always did fun things together. One day, Alex's grandpa took him ice skating. They skated all day. Alex and Grandpa has so much fun!
Sarah cleaned her apartment. She did the dishes. She took out the trash. Finally she was done enough to go outside. But then it rained!
Jack did not know how to swim. He had gone all his life without knowing how. He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class. He told his professor his predicament. His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip.
David noticed he had put on a lot of weight recently. He examined his habits to try and figure out the reason. He realized he'd been eating too much fast food lately. He stopped going to burger places and started a vegetarian diet. After a few weeks, he started to feel much better.
Gary was in his sociology class. The person sitting next to him wanted to pass a note around. After Gary took the note, the teacher caught him. He ended up with detention. The person who passed the note was laughing at him.
Gloria went to all girls school. She wanted to attended a mixed school. She applied to one nearby her family home. Gloria was accepted. She now has an even group of friends among both boys and girls.
Jessie had a dance recital. Her mother made her brother Alex attend. Alex wasn't interested in the recital. He fell asleep halfway through. The next year, Alex stayed at home.
Brent had to take a statistics course as a requirement for his major. It had never been his favorite branch of mathematics. Brent found himself worrying a lot about the course. On his first day in class a very pretty young woman sat beside him. Brent suddenly felt a lot better about taking this class.
Steve was the best baseball player at his school. The coach would beg him every year to play for the team. Steve was nervous that he wouldn't play well under pressure. The coach convinced him to come to one practice as a tryout. Steve performed well with everyone watching and ended up joining!
Kenny was ready to go fishing. He had been preparing for this day for weeks. Kenny was ready to set sail. Kenny gets into his boat. Kenny notices there is a hole in the boat and can't continue fishing.
Brandon and his father haven't spoken for almost 10 Years. They had a huge fight over money and never reconciled. Finally Brandon decides to put an end to their fight. He visits his father and forgives him for anything that happened. Brandon is happy to be speaking with his father again.
Tim decided to get his own business. He was selling shoes. No one came to buy any. He decided to put an advertisement on a billboard. The billboard ended up getting him many customers.
The man measured the diameter of the table. He cut a piece of fabric with that same diameter. He glued the fabric to the top of the table for decoration. His wife didn't like the fabric. The man removed the fabric and the glue.
Ross is challenging his friends to a food eating race. His friends accept the challenge. They all get ready to eat. They begin eating. Ross finishes his food first and beats all his friends.
Jack went fishing in the middle of the day. It was hot and humid. He forgot to wear sunscreen. When Jack got home, he was burnt to a crisp. Jack will wear sunscreen next time.
My teachers handed the class their test papers. I didn't receive any paper back. She told me that I received a 0 on the test since I never took it. I tried to convince her that I took the test. She looked through her papers and found an exam with no name.
Tom's neighbors had a cat. It would meow loudly at night. Tom asked them to keep it quiet. Unfortunately they weren't able to. Eventually Tom started yelling back at it.
Nina wanted to go to college, but she had a problem. She had no one to babysit her two toddlers. Then her chosen school opened a free daycare for students! Nina was ecstatic - her problem was solved! She signed up for classes the very next day.
I was on my Computer one day. All of sudden my mouse stopped working. Sitting right next to me was 4 year old Nick holding a Scissor. He cut the cord. I had to purchase a new mouse.
Winter had just begun. There was still snow on the ground. As February came around, many wondered what the groundhog would see. When he poked his head out, he saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter were in store.
There was a kid named Bill. Bill always ate sugar with everything. Until one day the sugar went missing. So Bill was looking and he did not find it. So he learned sugar did not have to go with everything.
Jill was very nervous for her first day of second grade. She had just moved to a new town and didn't know anyone. She was afraid people would be mean to her because she was a stranger. But during recess the first day a girl asked her to play hopscotch. It turned out Jill didn't have anything to worry about.
Gordon loves jelly. His friend, Mark, suggested he try jelly donuts. One day, Gordon bought a jelly donut. He ate the whole thing very quickly. Gordon is happy to have discovered his new favorite food.
Susan was a great artist. She decided to enter herself into a drawing contest at her school. Susan great a lifelike portrait of herself. She entered her painting into the contest. Susan found out she placed 1st place and won $100 in the mail.
I have always hated apple pie. It just felt so gooey and gross. One day I was served apple pie for dinner. I pointed towards the kitchen so everyone would look. I then hid the apple pie in the trash before they could see.
Bob was walking to his class. He saw a pretty girl on the way to class. He approached her and told her she was cute. She blushed and smiled. Bob asked her out and she agreed.
Amy's team lost the game she didn't get to play in. Her mother wanted to cheer her up. When the arrived home there was a cake on the counter. Her mother made her favorite cake to celebrate her first game. Amy felt even worse than before.
I went to the fishing harbor. I asked a fisherman if  I could buy some of his fish. He offered me a freshly-caught salmon. I bought it. It was the most fresh and tasty fish I had ever consumed.
David wanted to become independent. So he quit his job to become a freelance worker. He didn't think it through very long. So after a few months struggling to find work, he was poor. He had to take a second job on the side to sustain him.
Allie was about to attend a new workout class. She was not sure she would like it. But when she got there she met someone. He was very cute and charming. They ended up going on a date afterwards.
After school, Billy went with his mother to meet with his teacher. The teacher described how Billy distracts the other students in class. Billy looked at the floor as his teacher talked. Billy's mother did not say anything to Billy as they drove home. Billy was sent to his room to think about his bad choices.
James loved music. He had hundreds of CDs of different genres. Every morning, he'd pick a new genre to listen to. Once he'd gone through all his CDs, he'd start over again. Listening to music was his favorite way to pass the time.
Amy was a hardworking student. She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor. She applied to her favorite college online. She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted. She received a full ride to the school for having outstanding grades.
Tom was always lazy. He never did well in school. He never played sports. He could barely hold down a job. Now he's contemplating suicide.
Josie and Steve were walking down the sidewalk. Josie asked Steve where he wanted to go. Steve thought the end sounded nice. Josie and Steve began to search for the sidewalks end. Josie and Steve are still walking down that sidewalk.
Brenda went out to the city one night with her friends. They walked around town and went to several bars. After leaving one bar, creepy men began to follow them. Brenda became worried and they hid inside a restaurant. When they got inside, they called a cab and went home.
Lucy was sad she ruined her jeans. Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman. Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream. She had to wait until after dinner. Her grandma let her have 2 bowls of ice cream to cheer her up.
Denisse found a stray cat while going to school. She wanted to keep him, but her mother refused. Denisse asked her mother what would happen to the cat. Fortunately, the mother decided to give it away to a kind couple. Denisse was still sad but content with the decision.
Linc grew vegetables in his garden every year. Linc got his soil ready by pulling out weeds He went to the nursery to buy pepper, tomato, and cucumber plants. He panted the plants in holes he dug for them in the soil. Weeks later the plants had ripe fruit on them.
Shirley loved going fishing. She got a giant worm to put on the hook. She put the line in and waited for a fish to bite. Suddenly, she had one! She reeled it in and was shocked at how big it was!
I went to school today. Since all of my labs were today, I stayed until night time. My chemistry teacher held the class back from speaking too much. Since I got home late, i couldn't study for my math exam. I took the exam based on little knowledge.
Joe's brother Jack was in the army and stationed overseas. Each week he wrote letters home, but then he stopped! Joe was nervous and scared, wondering what happened to Jack. When his bell rang he raced to the door, expecting the mailman. But when he opened the door he found Jack on his porch!
After a long winter, spring was finally here. It was time for Judy to plant flowers with her grandmother. It was a tradition for them to plant impatiens together every year. Judy went to her grandmother's on Saturday morning. Together they spent three hours in the garden planting flowers.
Cassie only ate her steak well done. When she was out to dinner she ordered her steak. The waiter brought it to her and she looked at it. When she cut into it, it was still pink. Cassie felt bad, but immediately sent it back.
Sam was staying over at his girlfriend's apartment. They planned on having dinner together. His girlfriend made him steak and mashed potatoes. It was delicious! Sam complimented her on her cooking.
Tom moved to a new neighborhood. Tom noticed his new neighbor didn't have a password on his wi-fi. Tom began surfing off his neighbor's wi-fi service for free. One day Tom noticed his neighbor did secure his wi-fi with passwords. Tom then had to call the cable company and begin paying for service.
We had family game night yesterday. We played about 6 different games. We are all competitive, so it was fun. We never had a night like this before. I think we will do it more often.
Tito broke out of prison one evening. His absence was noted and a search was started. Tito ran quickly and hid well. But he was soon found and arrested again. More time was added to Tito's sentence for the escape attempt.
Amy loved eating pie, and she could eat a lot of it! She decided to show off her skill publicly. She entered a local pie-eating contest. In front of the whole town, she competed for a trophy. But sadly, Amy couldn't eat enough pie to win the contest!
Rey's father took him to the playground. Rey played on the swings and had a fun time. His father didn't see that a screw was missing from the swing. The swing broke while Rey was swinging. His father complained to the city.
Thomas was in an honors track calculus program. The program was preparing him for a college credit exam. Thomas' social life improved as the year wore on. He began spending a lot of time hanging out and almost none studying. Thomas scored just above passing on the exam.
Ricky was unemployed and worried about his future. He saw a commercial about truck driving school. He decided to look into it further. Ricky started school the next month. He finished school and got a great job.
Randy went hiking with his dog. Him and his dog had become avid hikers. This was going to be the toughest trail they had done. They spent all day hiking in the woods. Eventually they finished and felt proud but tired.
Carl was playing video games. He had not saved in a while. All of a sudden lightning struck. It took out the electricity in Carl's house. He lost all the work he had recently done.
Dan's car ran out of gas in the street. Dan began walking toward a gas station. A woman pulled up and offered Dan a ride. Dan got in and she drove him to the station. Dan got some gas at the station - and the woman's phone number!
Robert loves chocolate so much. One day he went to a gas station. He found hundreds of chocolates in there. Instead of putting gas he wasted all his money on chocolate. He ended up having no money for gas and was stranded.
Ann's dad took the training wheels off her bike. She was nervous. At first she wobbled. Then she straightened out. Ann was riding like a pro!
Tom was always good with his hands. He could build almost anything. He decided to get into construction work. Now he helps create things and gets paid for it. He is happy and content.
Timmy wanted to play on his high school football team. Timmy worked out every day and learned how to play the sport. When the day came for tryouts, he was very nervous. He ran all the drills and completed all of the plays. He felt ecstatic after he found out he made the team.
Fran wanted to be more flexible. She bought a book on yoga. With determination and discipline she practiced postures every day. Fran became so skilled she was able to open her own yoga studio. She enjoys teaching others how to be more flexible.
Aubrey loves to go hiking. Unfortunately she noticed an injured wolf on a trail. Aubrey felt concerned for the wolf and decided not to touch it. She called a nearby park ranger for help. The wolf was taken to a nearby animal hospital for recovery.
Finley realized it was almost Christmas. He hadn't done any shopping at all. He made up a list of everyone he needed to get gifts for. Finley went to the very crowded mall. It took eight hours but he got everything he needed.
Georgia was taking her baby to the doctor. The baby needed it's vaccinations. Georgia held her baby and tried to comfort him. The nurse administered the shot. The baby cried, but luckily he calmed down shortly after.
My friends and I saw a snake in the woods one day. One of my friends noticed a stick moving. I realized it was a snake, so I tried to touch its tail. It turned on me very quickly and we all ran. Now I know that I should not play with snakes.
Kate had been watching TV all day while grounded. At 7 her brother wanted to watch wrestling. But Kate wanted to watch her science fiction show. Her mother sided with her brother. Kate stormed off to her room and went to sleep.
Jerome was working in the stable. He moved a saddle over to the haystack so he could clean. When he turned away the elevator lifted the stack of hay to the loft. Jerome turned back for the saddle, but found it gone. Jerome searched all day, but never found it.
Ethan left to go hunting the first week of November. This was an annual tradition with his family. All day he spent in the woods waiting to see some game. Ethan didn't see anything the entire two weeks he spent outdoors. He went home very disappointed.
Eric was a weatherman. He had made a few bad predictions lately. Eric was heckled on social media. Everyone stopped listening to Eric's predictions. The station got a new meteorologist.
Ana went to the liquor store. She took a bottle of gin to the counter. The cashier asked for her ID. Ana presented her fake ID, but it was refused. She had to leave the liquor store empty-handed.
Silvia was lying in bed. She was painting her nails. She spilled the nail polish on the bed. Silvia couldn't get the polish off of her sheets. Silvis had to buy new sheets.
My friend works for Children's Hospital. Their lunchtime speakers group wanted Jhumpa Lahiri to talk. Her agent said she would be glad to speak. However she wanted $20,000. The group withdrew the invitation.
I was standing behind a man at the store the other day. He was speaking loudly to everyone around him about his problems. When he'd see a black man or a Muslim woman walk by he'd comment. I found it all very rude but I did not say anything. I smiled, nodded, and thanked God when he finally left.
Tom added a girl randomly on Facebook. She messaged him asking why. They wound up talking for a while. Soon they decided to go on a date. They've been together for months now.
Briana was watching TV waiting for a music video premier. She needed to pee so she ran to the bathroom. When she got back she realized she had missed it. She searched online but couldn't find any copies. Luckily she finally found the video and she loved it.
Tom was on his way back to work. He didn't have enough time to stop to eat. He decided to get a street hot dog. Tom was disgusted by the quality and taste. He vowed never to eat street food again.
Deva loved going to the zoo with her older sister. She would pick Deva up on her shoulders and let her see everything. Yet, Deva's sister didn't want to go with her this time. Deva thought she never wanted to go again and burst into tears. Deva's sister told her that they'd go for twice as long next time.
It was Thanksgiving day. Martha was cooking turkey for her family. She put a frozen turkey directly into the deep fryer. The deep fryer created a huge fire. The fire completely decimated her backyard porch.
Marie received a dinner party invitation from Jill. Marie didn't know Jill very well. Marie decided to go to the dinner party anyway. At the party, Jill was rude to Marie. Marie regretted accepting the invitation.
Uli loved tomatoes and wanted to grow her own. Unfortunately, she lived in an apartment with no backyard. So, I bought lots of tomatoes at a local farmer's market instead. Her neighbor knew she loved tomatoes and bought her a small planter. Uli was so grateful and shared her first crop with the neighbor.
A police officer stopped Diana from speeding on the road. She placed her windows down. The officer asked for her license and registration. She said that she was going to kiss him if she doesn't get a ticket. He agreed and allowed her to leave.
Meg works at an office. She spends her days typing on the computer. After several years of work, her wrists started to bother her. Meg went to the doctor to see what was wrong. Meg discovered she has carpal tunnel syndrome in her wrists.
Tom tried to pet an obviously rabid dog. The dog bit him and infected him with disease. Tom didn't go for help, because he was too arrogant and smug. The rabies mutated and affected him quite badly. Tom started chasing people around and trying to bite them.
Donna was exhausted. She'd had a horrible time sleeping lately. The street light shined in her room and kept her awake. She bought a sleep mask and put it over her eyes. She could finally rest!
Jonah was going to go camping with his friends. The weather was going to be bad on the weekend they were going. The guys decided to postpone the trip. They decided to do something else that weekend. They decided to have a poker night instead.
Casey was hoping to make black belt in karate before summer. His master told him he would have to practice even harder. Casey stayed late to practice his moves. He even took extra classes when he could. Casey was able to earn his black belt right before summer break.
Ronnie was excited to be in the top two. He made sure his last dish was his greatest. When the judges came to judge they chose Ronnie. Ronnie couldn't be more happier. He started jumping for joy.
Calvin found a wandering kitten on the street. The kitten had no name tag, so he decided to adopt it. Calvin grew very attached to the kitten while raising it. One day, the kitten ran away from home. The kitten turned out to be hiding in his neighbor's yard.
We live by an ice pond. In 1999 the state drained the pond to remove sediment. They discovered a nineteenth century ploughshare. Apparently there used to be a farm nearby. The ploughshare is now on display in the neighborhood museum.
My friends invited me to go to the beach. I told them I needed a ride since I have no car. They said that they couldn't get me since they live too far. Therefore, I stayed home. I became sad after looking at the beach pictures on social media.
Arlene was a great grandmother who loved church sales. Arlene went to her local church during a weekend church sale to shop. As arlene was walking across the church lawn she fell. Arlene was in a lot of pain and taken to the hospital. Arlene eventually recovered but needed the use of a cane to walk.
Everyone told Carol that she shouldn't homeschool her children. They said that she should send them to school like "normal" kids. Carol didn't listen, though, and worked hard at teaching her brood. They all won scholarships, have great jobs, and help many people. Carol never said, "I told you so," she just gloated privately.
There is nothing sweeter than a new baby. Allison has wanted a baby since she was eighteen Year's old. She has been married for ten Years but has never gotten pregnant. Allison and her husband decided to pursue adoption. Today they get to meet their new bundle of adopted joy!
Joy and Francie made Easter bonnets for the local parade. They took hours to sew individual pieces of candy onto their hats. They displayed them proudly as they walked in the parade. Afterwards they invited all their friends to eat the candy. Everyone got to enjoy their Easter bonnets!
I was really hungry but I had no food in my refrigerator. I wrote a grocery list. I went to the supermarket which was 20 minutes away. I realized I forgot my wallet. I left empty handed and hungry.
Harry had always been afraid of the dark. At night, his closet light was always turned on. One night, Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed. Harry got up, turned on all the lights, and slept with them on. The next morning, Harry asked his parents for a second night light.
Dawn was married to her husband for 5 years. She noticed that he started to act different. She found out that he is having an affair. Dawn filed for divorce. She was happy to move on with her life.
Lawrence was getting a haircut at the barber shop. The barber did not understand what Lawrence wanted. He ended up shaving Lawrence's head. Lawrence was very upset. He went home and bought a wig.
I was afraid of my granddad's horse. It was behind a fence. I went in there by myself once. It reared up on its hind legs. I ran away quickly.
Kate forgot to record her favorite show. She didn't realize until the show was on for 35 minutes. Her niece and nephew still wanted to see the show. So Kate decided to just watch the end of the show with them. They decided the last 20 minutes of the show was better than nothing.
Tom wanted a new grill. His wife thought it was an unnecessary expense. But Tom wanted it very badly! Finally she gave in and let him buy it. Tom loved his new grill!
The first beer I've ever had was a corona. My best friend was well over 21, and at the time I was maybe 17 or 18. I hung out at his place all the time and one day he introduced it to m. I drank it, and almost spit it out. He got mad because I wanted to stop drinking it, so I kept drinking.
Tina was hiking in the woods one day. She was very thirsty, so she stopped by a stream. She drank water from its cool center. But that night, terrible cramps plagued her. Tina realized she should have purified her water before drinking it.
Jason was outside playing on the beach. He was having a blast. The weather was scorching hot. He noticed his mouth and throat were getting very dry. He went to the bar and asked for a drink of cold water.
Kim's friend was talking about her childhood in the 80's. She asked Kim if she remembered Garbage Pail Kids. Kim told her she only had one pack and it was stolen at school. Her friend told her she still had some of her cards. The next day at lunch at work they laughed at the cards she brought.
Gina's friend Drea Called her. Drea wanted to know why Gina missed the first day of school. Gina explained she had changed her mind, and chose a different school. Drea was furious. Gina let her yell for 20 minutes about the betrayal.
Henry purchased a bag of chips from the grocery store. He drove home. The chips he ate tasted stale. A few pieces got caught in his teeth. Since he opened the bag, he couldn't request a refund.
Ed broke his phone one day. He was walking down the street and dropped it on the concrete. The screen was smashed badly. He realized he couldn't fix it. Ed bought a new phone.
I sit on the bench in front of our building to read in the afternoon. Sometimes my ninety nine year old friend Joe sits. An elderly woman told us they sit there at night. Tonight my wife saw Joe sitting with several elderly women. I think he has become a ladies' man.
Sam arrived in New York City for the first time. As a southern boy, he was not prepared. People bustled about and pushed past him. He was surprised in the lack of communication! Sam couldn't wait to return to southern hospitality.
Will wasn't afraid of pain. So when he started to learn how to skateboard, he took many risks. One day, he tried to jump off a ramp without a helmet. And he nearly hit his head on the ground. But he continued to skateboard fearlessly.
Von never seemed to figure out where his pickle juice went. FOr months and months he wondered where it all went. He finally had enough and planted several cameras near his fridge. It turned out to be his roommate taking all his pickle juice. He claimed it was for flavor to flick onto his sandwiches, it was odd.
Yesterday I went to the park. It was cold so I brought my jacket. I found a bench and tried to read by the lake. I couldn't concentrate on the book though and just watched the people. After a while I was too cold and headed home.
Kevin loves to work on cars. He works as a mechanic at a local car repair shop. He decided to work on cars in his spare time to. He advertised on social media that he will fix cars for cheap. Before long Kevin had a nice little side business going.
John was taking a math test. John took out his study sheet from his bag. John hid the study sheet from others. John was caught cheating. John got a zero on his test and decided not to cheat again.
John decided he wanted to drive to Chicago. He took the long drive there. Once he arrived he ate a delicious slice of pizza. John loved his trip to Chicago. He was happy he had driven there.
Stanley woke up late this morning. He missed the bus and had to drive to work. Stanley didn't know there had been an accident on the interstate. He was stuck in traffic for over an hour. Stanley's boss was understanding when he made to work.
I got a new water bottle. It was made of glass. I dropped my water bottle on the ground. It shattered instantly. I got a new one made of plastic.
Andy was laying down tile in a house. The homeowner's child ran in without warning. He messed up the grout Andy was working on. Andy was upset but couldn't show it. He patiently kept working long into the night to finish the job.
Today was a strange day. I woke up an hour early. I made it to work without any traffic. Everything I was assigned to do at work got done. The day ended with me falling asleep by 9pm.
Dan tracked some dirt into his house on his slippers. He'd just been going out to get the paper but it had snowed. Driveway grit and sand had gotten on the bottom of them. Dan was dismayed to see it on his hardwood floor. He got a paper towel and wiped up the bits of mud and dirt.
Chad had been friends with Will for thirteen years. He was basically family. The fact that Chad was in love with Will's sister caused a problem. He had basically watched her grow up from a child. Will just wanted Chad to be happy so he supported it after a while.
Gregor was walking through the woods when he heard a strange sound. It was a constant baying as if from a large beast. Looking further, he found a dog caught in a trap. Gregor deftly released the hound, who leaped up. The dog licked Gregor's face in gratitude, and the two walked away.
Jasper wanted to grow a golden rose. He tried many combinations but his roses were always yellow. He entered a competition anyway, hoping to resolve his issue on time. With the pressure of finding a solution fast, Jasper worked very hard. The competition came and he had the only golden rose in the world.
A boy came home from school and ran straight to his room. His mother ran up to see what was wrong. He was mocked and made fun of at school and didn't want to go back. His mother said, he was special and one day he would show them all. Years passed and the boy grew up to be a successful child psychologist.
Bryant was a very dishonest mechanic. A woman came into his shop with her car. The car was having minor problems and Bryant looked at it. He told her it would cost several thousand dollars to fix it. The woman was aware that Bryant was trying to trick her and left.
Scott would make weird sounds with his mouth during class. The kids, and even some teachers, thought he was learning disabled. The school master decided to send Scott to see a therapist. The therapist and Scott talked for many hours. Soon, Scott got over making noises and became a good student.
My uncle was addicted to the dog races. He would go twice a month or more. He lost a lot of money there. Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it. He took his own life to escape it.
There was an air show planned in town. The sky was very cloudy. It began to rain and thunder. The air show was postponed. The air show went on on a sunnier day the next week.
The little orange kitten was abandoned in a schoolyard. The kids found him and took him to a lady who loved animals. The lady fed the kitten and made him a bed. The kitten grew and became close to the lady. The kitten made the lady sad because he went out and never returned.
The man bought some perfume. He gave it to his wife. His wife wouldn't wear it. The man liked the scent. The man used all of the perfume.
Ki-Ki learned a while ago that James loves the music of Adele. Ki-Ki's school is hosting Adele in concert next week. Kiki asks James if he would like to go with her. The two go to the concert together and have a great time bonding. Ki-Ki and James now have memories and pictures for a lifetime.
Herb was walking with a purpose. He had to deliver a message to his grandmother. It started to rain. Herb was worried that he would not make it. Herb decided to call his grandmother to deliver the message instead.
Kate slept on a couch in a suite in Las Vegas. There weren't enough beds for everyone. Kate was always stiff after a night of sleeping on a couch. However today she only had a slightly stiff neck. Over all she was happy to be in pretty good shape.
Luna moved to Brazil. She got a lot of sunlight. The sunlight was good for her skin. When she took selfies she turned out looking super hot. Her boyfriend in United States missed her after seeing the pics.
James was having trouble sleeping again. The night before he had been up all night studying for finals. He was tossing and turning in bed, worried and unable to sleep. Unable to fall asleep, his mind raced and his body ached for rest. James fell asleep around dawn,missing his test but getting good sleep.
Ana took a ballet class. She thought she would love dancing. But the class did not meet her expectations. She did not like it at all! Ana decided dancing was not for her.
When Diana was taking a test, she got some answers. However, she wrote them on the test paper before on the scantron. The next day, she got her exam back, and scored a 11%. When she looked over the scantron, she realized her mistakes. Every answer she had was placed in the front number spot.
The river was full people rafting down on inner tubes. One guy was so relaxed he fell asleep in his tube. He drifted for miles down the river before he hit some rapids. He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore. The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep.
Denise had just come home from a long trip to the beach. She opened her door and saw everything scattered. Her valuable things were all gone. She called the police immediately. Luckily, they caught the thieves a week later.
Jared was under five foot tall. He dreamed of being taller. Years passed and Jared got older. During one summer, Jared noticed he was growing. Jared now stands at six foot tall.
It was Ray's first day of college. And he wasn't able to find his class. Eventually, he arrived half an hour late. But the professor ended up dropping him from the class. Ray decided to be more prepared next time.
Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong. He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after. The website said he should brush up and down and only spit after. Harry decided to put these techniques into practice. He didn't notice much difference, but felt better for changing.
Bill's favorite show is Walking Dead. He can't afford to buy them so he records them from cable. Bill gets his first job. The first thing he buys is Walking Dead on Blu Ray. He is happy to have the official high definition releases.
Austin loves to play in the snow. This week the school has closed because of the snow. Austin built a snow fort. He threw a snowball at a classmate. There is now a snowball war in my backyard.
Tim was a young boy. He attended monastery school. He did not know how to tie his shoes. The teacher gave him a useful tool for learning. He used the wooden tool with strings to learn how to tie shoes.
After winning the baseball game the team celebrated. We went to a local dinner to celebrate. We all ate hot wings and burgers. It was a great feeling. Everyone enjoyed themselves.
David wanted to be a great hunter. He bought a rifle and took a trip to the woods. He was proud of himself when he killed his first deer that day. But the sight of the dead animal made him feel guilty. He vowed to himself he'd never go hunting again.
Monee was mad after her day of work. She was punching the walls of her room. She also a grabbed a knife and was about to stab herself. I immediately ran and took the knife away. She came into my arms and I tried to comfort her.
I decided to cook some bacon. So, I went to the market and bought raw bacon. Then, I cooked it at home. Alas, I did not cook it completely. I got sick from food poisoning.
Kaitlin loved the outdoors. Every weekend she went camping with her friends. They always camped far away from camping grounds and civilization. One weekend, they heard about a bear sighting near their camping spot. Kaitlin decided to camp at a campground that weekend instead.
Fred had a huge crush on a girl in his class. But Fred was scared to speak to the girl because he was unpopular. Fred finally got the courage to speak to the girl's friend. The friend told Fred that the girl secretly liked him too. When Fred finally spoke to the girl, they got along great.
I had been trying to ignore an abscess that was infecting my groin. After three days the bleeding wouldn't stop. I went to the emergency room. I had to be transferred in an ambulance with only a sheet on me. I was very grateful that the wind didn't expose me to everybody.
We played with firecrackers when we were young. One day I tried to throw a lighted firecracker out the window. I threw it wrong and it fell into the window sill. Luckily, the firecracker was a dud. I was much more careful after that incident.
Alexis had a small cat. She let her cat out at night. One day her cat started acting sick. Alexis brought her cat to the vet. Alexis discovered her cat was pregnant with kittens.
Kelly wore polka dot pants and a striped shirt to school Monday. One of the kids made fun of her outfit. Kelly felt embarrassed that someone had made fun of her. Kelly asked her mom to help her match outfits from now on. Now Kelly's outfits always match.
Jenny just got out of a meeting. She went to use the bathroom in the building. Since the toilets were clogged, the bathroom had a bad smell. She tried not to smell anything. Yet, she left after she looked at the toilet.
Last week I was going to my first class of the semester. It was a biology class. It was really early in the morning and I hate biology. While I was in class I fell asleep. The professor yelled at me and got very mad.
A little baby was born. The parents saw her first. The grandparents then saw her. They all agreed on one thing. She was very chunky.
Jan had always wanted to write a movie. She decided to secretly write her own script. It was full of action, romance, and drama. One day, her sister stumbled upon the script. Jan was extremely embarrassed someone had found it.
Doug ate the last piece of cake that he found in the kitchen. Andrea had been saving the cake for dessert. She got upset at Doug for eating the last piece of cake. She made Doug clean the dishes while she went out for ice cream. Doug learned that he should never eat Andrea's cake.
Regina argued with her boyfriend all day. Although he tried to explain why he cheated on her, she ignored him. The next day, he bought an expensive ring. Regina felt guilty taking it but still accepted it. She apologized to her boyfriend.
I was at a sushi restaurant. And I ordered yellowtail sushi. I was very eager to eat it. But the sushi chef put lemon on it. I was disappointed in his decision.
Maria made a chore wheel for her family. Her son rolled 'washing the dishes'. He whined about it all day. When the time came he found it very easy. From then on Maria's son hoped to spin 'washing the dishes'.
Mark had always loved fast cars. When he was a boy he always said he would be a racecar driver. Throughout his teen years he spent most of his time in mechanics class. In his adulthood he was able to work in a pit crew. After years of hard work he debuted as a drag racer.
It was the end of the first day of high school. Gina was leaving her gym class. She was sweating from running. She ran into a friend from her elementary school. Gina was embarrassed to be so sweaty.
Steph wanted to have a child. She didn't care if it was a boy or a girl. She became pregnant. Steph ended up having twins. She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled!
A new bagel shop opened in town. Ben loves bagels and heard about the new bagel shop. The new bagel shop offered a one of a kind bagel. Ben went to the shop and saw a line out the door. Ben finally got his bagel after waiting in line for 90 minutes.
Sally wrote a letter to a friend. She mailed the letter the next day. The letter was returned undelivered. She corrected the address on the envelope. She sent the letter back out the next day.
Jen was sick. But she wanted to eat pizza. So she decided to reheat some leftovers. She thought it wouldn't affect her cold. But a few hours later, she felt much worse.
Gomez went to the store to buy some candy. When he went to check out, he realized that he lost his wallet. He searched everywhere in the store. After some time, he gave up. Then, he found his wallet in the care.
Jamie had a new baby. The baby was a beautiful, healthy boy. Jamie and her husband wanted to spoil him from the beginning. They bought him the biggest teddy bear they could find! They felt like good parents when they gave their baby nice things.
Last week I came back from Australia. The trip was absolutely amazing. I don't think I had a better trip. We stayed for about three weeks. I can't wait to go back next year.
Will and his wife had an argument about the bills. His wife had always been in charge of writing and sending the checks. Will said he really wanted that responsibility. The first month with Will in charge of the checks passed by. Will forgot to write and send the checks!
Sally and her friend Jill took her rowboat out on the lake. Halfway across they dropped the oars! They were stuck with no way to get in touch with anyone. After about an hour another boat finally came by. The girls got aboard and they rowed their boat to shore.
This was my first Thanksgiving without my immediate family. We drove to my husband's aunt's house ~2 hours away the night before. When we woke up, we watched the parade and started cooking. Because there were so many people, I barely saw my husband. The holiday was great, but I can't wait until we have our own kids.
Jeff went to his boss to ask for his paycheck. The boss opened up the store safe and took it out. Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket. Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check. The check was nowhere to be found.
Tom had his first band practice. He played the guitar. He messed up a few times. Nobody cared though. He made it in the band.
Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday. He took it to the grocery store but they couldn't cash it. Timmy tried to find a location to cash his check in town. He eventually found a branch for his bank and walked in. They cashed his check and Timmy took his money home.
Brad was bullied during school for his new glasses. The bullies took his glasses off him and broke them. Brad went home to cry and thought about getting revenge. The next day Brad decided to embarrass his bully in revenge. Brad had shown the whole school his embarrassing baby pictures.
Tim wanted to bench more than his friend Jim. He worked out everyday for six months. He finally thought he could beat his friend Jim. They went to the gym together. Jim could still bench more than him.
Cayla has always loved animals. She was raised with always having at least one animal in her home. When she grew up she knew that she'd want to work with animals. So she went to veterinary school. Tomorrow Cayla graduates and will officially be a veterinarian!
Stevie changed jobs a lot. He had a total of 140 jobs over his life. At the age of 40 Stevie finally found a job he could stick with. It was a job working for a homeless charity. The job satisfaction he got was worth more than money.
Everyday he walked by the mural and it reminded him of her. Little did she know she walked by the mural as well. Her thoughts were of him and how their eyes were locked. One day they both ran into each other at the mural. They made sure they were never apart again.
I worked at the MA State Transportation Building. The lobby had a lot of restaurants. Trees were planted in the area. One day mice were seen walking at the base of the trees. Exterminators were quickly called.
Tina had plans to go to the dance with her friends. She got ready and waited for them to arrive. To her dismay she realized they were not coming. Tina was stood up. Tina then decided to not even go to the dance after all.
Lexi was feeling tired and sluggish lately. And she struggled to stay awake in class. So she decided to eat a spinach salad every day. After a week, Lexi felt happier and more energetic. And she never got tired of eating spinach.
Mr Johnson went to the store for some shopping. He saw his neighbor there with her son. The son wanted a toy but they couldn't afford it. Mr Johnson bought the toy and put it on the porch of the neighbor. The neighbor saw it and thanked Mr Johnson for his kindness.
Jamie was just arriving at work. Her boss asked everyone to gather for a meeting. He announced a new policy that would change their pay. Everyone was very upset about this change. They decided to stage a walkout and Monica joined.
Yvonne never wore make up. Her friends told her she should and brought her to the store. She tried a few shades and chose a light tone color. But when she arrived home, she threw it in the trash. Later, when she met her friends, she told them her dog ate it.
Today we had a storm. It rained very hard for a long time. The wind blew loudly. I was glad when the storm was over. When I went outside, I saw a rainbow!
Cabot's summer break was finally over. She had a wonderful summer this year. She can't wait to see her friends at school. It is hard to get to sleep the night before classes start. After a good breakfast, she was finally an official eighth grader.
Trevor had been getting many sore throats lately. His doctor recommended that they remove his tonsils. Trevor was really scared and refused the surgery at first. Some nurses tried to help him feel more safe. Eventually after some coaxing he agreed to the plan.
Kelley agreed to go on a date with Simon. She got ready and headed out. When she got there he was there. All he did on the date was complain. She no longer wanted him.
We were visiting our daughter in 2009. She was 25, and married. I saw 50 Shades of Grey on her kitchen table and joked about it. She said her mother in law had just read it. We laughed about my in-law.
The power in Anne's house went out. Everything was very dark. Anne fished some candles from her dresser. She lit them and could finally see. Anne was glad for her preparedness.
Kelly loved music. She wanted to learn how to play the piano. She took a few lessons and practiced a lot. Soon, she was good enough to perform. She gave her first recital in the spring.
Maya forgot her umbrella one morning. She hoped it would not rain on her way home. But just as she left work, it began to pour! Maya trudged home, soaking wet and miserable. She resolved to remember her umbrella from now on!
Bob has been overeating his entire life. Bob goes to his doctor complaining of chest pains. Bob's doctor says that if he doesn't lose weight he is going to die. So Bob starts going to Overeaters Anonymous meetings. Bob gets his addiction under control and loses 100 pounds.
Tom was at the grocery store. He spotted an attractive girl there. He decided to hit on her a bit. She was flirtatious but not completely interested. Tom liked the interaction regardless.
Yasmin was up late, reading scary stories. She thought she heard footsteps in the hallway. When they crept to her door, Yasmin gulped. She stood up to check who it might be, opening the door. She was relieved to find her sister there, smiling mischievously.
Susie was very hungry. She didn't get food yet. Hours went by. She still hadn't eaten. She needed something in her system.
One Saturday morning, Bill noticed the hamster's cage was open. The hamster was missing! He looked everywhere but he could not find it. That night, he put some food in a deep bowl. The next morning the hamster was in the bowl safe and sound.
Portia was coloring a picture of the cookie monster. Her mother complimented her picture. Portia was proud of her picture. She decided to create a whole book of cookie monsters. Her book ended up becoming a published children's book.
Jen was on her way to work when she noticed a car on the road. She decided to stop and she what was going on. The driver of the car explained to Jen that she ran out of gas. Jen gave her a ride to the gas station to get gas. The driver was so appreciative and Jen felt great for helping.
Justin liked to throw rocks. He would throw rocks as far as he could. Justin broke his Mom's window with a rock. The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television. Justin promised to never throw rocks again.
Helunko Spelunko was a combat developer for a video game. He promised that in the next update, there would be a focus on PvP. He introduced a terrible open world PvP zone. Players ended up fighting more computer enemies than other players. Now Helunko doesn't have a job.
Hannah saw that a local theatre company was doing her favorite play. She found a monologue that was similar to her favorite character. She rehearsed by herself and with her acting teacher. Her audition went considerably well. The director called her and told her she got the part.
A boy walked down the street while bouncing a small ball. In the distance he saw a bucket. The boy stopped walking and held the ball. He brought his arm back and threw the ball. The ball landed in the bucket and bounced out.
Jada was thirsty. She opened her fridge to get a drink. Then she saw that there was nothing to drink! Jada walked to the store to buy some Kool Aid. Then she came home and had her drink.
John likes hot dogs a lot. He comes home after school and eats two everyday. John rushes home to eat his favorite food. John doesn't find any hot dogs in the fridge. John's father has two hot dogs and decides to share one with John.
Tom wanted to go on a vacation. He decided to create a vacation savings fund. He worked very hard every day to save money. He added a substantial amount of money to the fund. He eventually took the vacation of his dreams.
Lily's sister gave her the Bomb as a gift. She said it was the best thing she'd ever tasted. Lily was skeptical at first but trusted her sister. She sipped, then swigged, from the glass bottle. Lily's now a fan of custom stouts from small breweries.
Terrance is craving some food. He hasn't eaten all day long. Terrance chooses to go get a burger. Terrance orders two because he's so hungry. Terrance enjoys his classic hamburgers.
Mother was kidnapped last weekend. The low down scoundrels who did it demanded a ransom. Father refused to pay it, out of principle. They set some of Mother's ears as a warning. Father told them he'd only pay if they sent the rest.
Greg was not a very athletic boy. He studied very hard in school, but didn't seem to do well in sports. One of his friends suggested he try out for the jump rope team. He tried out and made the team. Greg turned out to love jump rope and was one of the best on the team.
Bella loves brushing her teeth. She does it every day and night. Her parents don't even have to remind her. She cleans up when she is done. She even puts everything away.
Tina really had to use her phone. She pulled it out of her purse. But then she realized that it had no battery. She did not know what to do. So she then decided she had to go buy a portable charger.
My friend was flying over to visit me. I had made plans to pick her up at the airport at 5pm. When I got there, she said she had been waiting for me for an hour. Apparently her plane had landed at 4pm. We had forgotten to match up our time zones.
Sharon was on her way home from work when a huge storm came down. The storm made it impossible for her to see, and she crashed her car. Later the police arrived to help her. The police pulled her from the car, and she was okay. Sharon was thankful, and started checking the weather before driving.
Sue loves to eat ice cream. She decided to open up an ice cream shop. She gives her customers many options. She also offers a free ice cream of the month club. Sue loves having an ice cream shop.
Sally was a big fan of art. She frequented the local galleries. She even took lessons on how to produce her own art. Sally got a lot of connections from the galleries she frequently. Eventually she got her on feature at one of the art shows.
Sam checked out of the hotel before going to his meeting. On his way to the meeting, he realized he didn't have his phone. He immediately remembered that he had stuck it in a drawer. He called the hotel as soon as he could on a borrowed phone. He was relieved to learn that a maid had found it and turned it in.
Nate was riding his bike through the park. He was listening to his favorite music on his iPod. He didn't hear a runner jogging near him. He lost control of his bike and fell off. Nate ended up scratching his hand.
Jen and Abe met online via an Internet dating site. They each were married to other people at the time. Because they were in love, they divorced their spouses. They wed each other immediately. Jen and Abe are certain they'll spend their lives together.
Jeffrey enjoys eating sandwiches a lot. His mom started to pack sandwiches for lunch for him. After Jeffrey ate a sandwich, he said it tasted bad. His mom said that she forgot to put cheese on the sandwich. Jeffrey had to make a new sandwich with cheese on it.
Tim was coming off of a bad addiction. He felt terrible. It started affecting his job. TIm told his boss he had a cold. They believed him and he kept his job.
Mary worked in an office. One day, some church volunteers brought baskets for Mother's Day. Mary had two kids, so she was given one of the baskets. She was really excited to see what was inside. She finally was able to check it out after work ended.
Kevin had broken up with his girlfriend. Later he began to miss her. His girlfriend was upset that he had left her. Kevin asked her to take him back. Kevin's ex-girlfriend refused to talk to him.
Sally wanted to be a court stenographer. She bought the recording equipment. She took a college course for a license. Finally she was qualified to be a stenographer. But there were no openings in the nearby courts at that time.
Our teacher gave us a class assignment. We were all supposed to confess one secret we have. Daina went first. She told everyone that she ran over a deer. After that, everyone remained silent.
Tom was on the bus. He noticed a tablet left on a seat. He was worried the bus driver would take it. Tom took it to lost and found directly. He felt confident they wouldn't take it.
Susan got a jigsaw puzzle for Christmas from her father. It was a homemade puzzle he cut himself. The picture was of a tropical island. When she turned it over, the back was a ticket to see Taylor Swift. She went to the concert and had a fantastic time.
Riley is really addicted to sweets. She loves all different kinds of sweets especially candy. One day at the store she saw they had butterscotch flavored ones. She got really excited and bought them to try. They were so good that she bought more of the seasonal candy.
Allie and her team were at the end of the season. The coach decided to hand out trophies. Allie got her trophy first. She was honored. She went and put it on her shelf.
Kim was moving. She packed all her plates into a box. As she was driving to her new house, she hit a big bump. All the dishes broke! Kim regretting not using more bubble wrap.
I went out this fun party last night with some friends. It was a costume party. Everyone was dressed in some really cool costumes. It made it very easy to mingle. I think I may throw one like it next year.
Rocky has always wanted a bike of his own. He asked his parents for one. Rocky's parents agreed to buy him one. They took him to the store. They bought him his very own bike.
Carly's mom had just come home from a trip. She told Carly that she had a gift for her. Carly had to close her eyes. Then, her mom put the gift in her hands. Carly opened her eyes and saw a brand new book.
Last Saturday, my wife went to a Christmas bazaar. A local school hosted the bazaar. My wife bought a lot of raffle tickets, plus a wreath. When she got home, she put the wreath up on our door. I hope we win some raffles.
Anthony took a dancing class with his wife. He accepted when another woman asked to dance with him. Anthony found her very pretty, and liked her body. Anthony turned around and a man looked very upset. The woman's husband had seen Anthony checking out his wife.
John hated driving at night. The other car's headlights seemed so bright! The car had been tailgating him, and finally passed him. He was amazed to see that only one headlight was operating! He was still glad that it was not behind him any longer.
Lynn loved doing puzzles. She went to the store and bought a 5000 piece puzzle. The puzzle had a African safari scene on it. Lynn did the puzzle every day for three weeks. When she finished there was one piece missing.
Tom needed a costume. He did not have enough money to buy a good one though. He wrote a post on social media about it. One of his friends responded. His friend made a costume for him.
The lights in my scooter went out. It was a wiring problem. I went to the store. I bought a flashlight. That worked as a headlight.
Today is moving day in Allston, MA. Last night, there was a fire in a house in Allston. I was concerned as our son lives in Allston. I texted him, as the newscast did not mention the street. Luckily he was unaffected.
One day Gloria went to the zoo. First she saw the lions. Then she saw the elephants. Finally she saw the tigers. She had a fun day.
Kat recently got engaged. She instantly knew her sister would be her maid of honor. Kat called her sister to tell her. She was very nervous about how her sister would react. Her sister was excited and very happy for Kat.
Julian was walking up a hill. He was pulling a wagon full of school things. Suddenly, the handle slipped out of his hand. The wagon went careening down the hill. Julian chased it and barely managed to catch it.
Katie was very nervous about her statistics class. She was only mediocre at math. To her surprise, statistics was different than regular math. Katie was great at statistics. Katie scored the highest on the final and was named Statistics Queen!
Milton sold ice cream. He had many different flavors. Unfortunately, he had no customers. He couldn't figure out why nobody wanted any. Finally, he decided not to sell ice cream in December anymore.
Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip. They drove to a large river in the forest. They canoed all day long. At night they pitched a tent to sleep in. In the morning they packed up all their gear and went home.
Harry was at the park. He saw a big, green slide. Harry ran to the slide. He climbed the ladder. Harry slid down the slide.
Julie dreamed of a house with a porch swing. Her house had no swing. She had been hinting to her husband that she wanted one. She didn't think he had been listening. When she got home, she had a porch swing.
We have a donkey. Last winter we came home and found his water bucket overflowing. We thought we had forgotten to turn it off. The next day we again found the bucket overflowing. We watched until we saw the donkey turn on the faucet by himself.
The protesters came on strong with vulgarity and racial slurs. The media dutifully printed their every word. Their vitriol caused many of the trustees great concern. The university president patiently listened. He apologized to the protesters, rather than face their wrath.
Hel was an excellent runner during his high school years. He would run with the best and beat the best with ease. He was drafted to fight the Vietnam war and fight he did. During a great battle he ran to save 50 wounded soldiers. He was awarded the medal of honor for his braved and selfless deeds.
Bob was a new barber today was his first day of work. Once he arrived at work he realized he couldn't find his scissors. Bob looked and looked for his scissors. Another barber gave him a pair to borrow. Bob made a new friend at work that day.
Jane was at the beach with friends. She wasn't a very good swimmer. They had all been drinking. Jane's friends convinced her to try to swim in the deep area. Jane politely declined and used being drunk as an excuse.
Stacey and Alvin were getting married soon in Hawaii. They couldn't afford to pay for everything with cash on hand. They started to pay for things with credit cards. They did not communicate about how much they were spending. After the wedding, they found they had a combined $100,000 of debt.
The mail man was coming down the street. He was running for some reason. Then I noticed a dog chasing behind him. I tried to call out to get the dog's attention. It worked and the mail man got away.
Connor was trying to decide what to do for his birthday. He had given up, because his day fell on a Monday. He decided to go downstairs and watch TV. Soon as he got to his couch he heard "Surprise!" He was so happy that his family and friends surprised him.
The teacher told her students to read. She warned they may have a pop quiz. When they got to class the next day, they were given a quiz. No one had done their homework. The class decided to read the next time it was assigned.
Arnold was scared of boxes. He hated their creepy figure. In his past when he was a child he got stuck in a box. He couldn't get out of it so he almost suffocated. Arnold never got near a box ever again.
Theodore's mom made him take piano lessons. He envied his friends who did not have to take piano lessons. His mom was insistent that he do well in his lessons. Theodore played a major concert at the age of 17. He became well known for his ability as a concert pianist.
I looked at the sky and saw how gruesome it had become. I turned on the radio in anticipation for something dreadful. The radio announcer said it was a tornado! I hid in my basement for hours. When I finally came out, the sky was clear and the stars were glowing.
Bill went to the doctor for chest pain. He found out that his health was in disarray. Bill began exercising and watching his diet. A year later, Bill went back to the doctor for a check-up. He learned that he had lost 50 pounds and was in great shape!
Steven wanted to write a novel, but could not find inspiration. He decided the best place to find inspiration was from other books. He read many books, from many different genres. He finally decided on writing a mystery novel. The novel was very successful and acclaimed by critics.
Darren was late for school! He grabbed his backpack. He did not have time to eat anything. Darren jumped on his bike and raced towards the school. It turns out he made it just in time.
Anna was reading a great book during lunch period. When it ended, she wasn't quite done reading. She decided to cut her next class and read in the library. But the librarian caught her and told her teacher! Anna got in trouble for cutting class.
Joan's father promised her a car for her 16th birthday. She woke her father up early and dragged him to the dealership. She found a little red Mitsubishi that she loved. Her father paid and left her to drive on her own. Joan drove her new red Mitsubishi all day.
Chris had very little money. This upset Chris. The pain resonated strongly enough for him to change. He committed to working fifty hours per week. Chris solved his money problems.
Collin was floating on a big lake whilst on vacation. He had a life jacket on as he wasn't a very strong swimmer. Suddenly the wind picked up and blew Collin far across the lake. His family dived in and swam right to him as quick as they could. They made it to him just in time and brought him back to shore.
When Kelly went to a family reunion she met some cousins. These were cousins she never met before. Kelly was nervous when they first talked to her. Yet her nerves calmed when she realized how nice they were. Kelly was thankful she met them.
Steve was moving out on his own. He got a cool new apartment downtown. The apartment had amazing views. He had all his friends over for a housewarming party. Everyone loved the new space.
Kate wanted chicken noodle soup. In the cupboard all the cans were turned facing backwards. She needed to turn them around to find the soup she wanted. She only meant to turn around a few to find her soup. She ended up taking 20 minutes turning the cans to face forward.
Ana was only one year old, and she wore a tiny green swimsuit. Her mother sat In on the sand and gave her a toy shovel "Look, And," her mother said, and pointed down at the sand. Ana dug in the sand, and found that the sand would pile into shapes. Ana made sand shapes until it was time to leave, and she was happy.
Little Timmy loved making home movies. He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out. He even wrote scripts based on movies he liked. One day he sneaked and saw an r rated movie. His parents were worried after they read his new script.
Bob wanted to do something for Independence Day. He went to the novelty store to buy an Uncle Sam outfit. Later, he met with some townsfolk to ask if he could be in the parade. He ended up sitting in the back of a pickup throwing candy to kids. The pickup stopped abruptly to avoid a squirrel and Bob fell out.
Akira spent last weekend hanging out with her friends. They all decided to go see a movie. Everyone wanted to see a scary movie, but Akira didn't like horror. Akira decided to not speak up and just watch the movie regardless. In the end she had a good time with her friends anyways.
Susie hates going to the grocery store. The creepy man always hits on her there. While checking out with her goods, he offers to help her to the car. She tells him no, but he follows anyway. Susie gets a restraining order.
There was a new club opening down the street. Lindsay thought it would be fun to check out. She brought her girls along with her. Unfortunately they weren't on the list. The girls couldn't get in.
You should always be courteous when ending a relationship. For example, one of my exes and I ended on good terms and stayed close. He got an amazing job and hired me on. Now I'm on my ideal career path all because I wasn't a jerk. Now we have a great professional relationship.
Michael had not eaten anything for the day and he was tired. He had a lot of work to do since he worked from home and was slacking. He finally decided to eat something at midnight of that day. He reached for an apple in his dark kitchen not able to see anything. When he took a bite he immediately threw up, the apple was rotten.
For as long as she can remember, Jamie has alway loved dogs. When she was seven, her parents decided she was ready. They took Jamie to the local animal shelter to pick out a dog. She walked up and down the aisles until she found the perfect pup. Jamie couldn't have been happier as she adopted her new furry friend.
Earl had a bag of bread in his hand. He was feeding ducks at a pond. Most of the ducks were calm, but one was pretty aggressive. When he would feed it, it ran towards him, quacking. It chased him all the way to his car.
I went to the store yesterday. I tried some things on. I liked them but they were too expensive. I couldn't buy them. So I put them back.
Carlin was driving late at night. Suddenly her contact came out. She pulled over. Then, she looked for it in the seat. Luckily, she found it quickly.
Joe was upset after losing a game of tennis to his friend. So he decided to double his practice hours. Joe was surprised at how much he improved. But he lost to his friend the second time they played. Joe was satisfied that the score was much closer though.
Lucy was waiting for a delivery from Schwan's. She happily signed for and accepted the delivery. She and her grandmother unpacked the shipment. In addition to Lucy's order grandma had gotten her a treat. Grandma had ordered her favorite ice cream just for Lucy.
We have been studying geology in school. Stone Mountain is a very large piece of granite. Our teacher took us on a field trip to Stone Mountain. We had to climb the mountain to the top. It was very hard, but we did it!
Freda notices that most of her clothing is dirty. She decides that she needs to clean some of it. Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean. When it is all clean, she folds it and puts it away. Freda is glad that she has cleaned her laundry.
I decided to take up tennis. I worked hard at learning to play properly. After a year of practice, I challenged my friend to a tennis match. I was overzealous and ran too fast towards the ball. I fell down and twisted my ankle.
I got cheap boots at the store yesterday. I wore them all around town. Yet unfortunately today I noticed something. The boots started ripping. I was very mad.
Zach wanted to go to a good university. He knew he would have to excel on his college entrance exam. He did not do well on the exam the first time he took it. Zach enlisted a tutor to help him study for the exam. Zach's score on the next entrance exam was much improved.
Maria was laying in bed trying to sleep. She wrapped her blankets around her but she was still cold. She was so tired that she didn't want to get up. But the longer she went, the colder she got. Finally, she jumped out of bed to turn up the heater.
Sarah notices that her porch has become crowded and messy. She decides to clean all of the chairs and tables off her porch. When they're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch. After she is complete, Sarah feels happy. She is proud that she cleaned her porch.
The restaurant gave me a deck of cards for the kids. They were all brain teasers. We flipped through them. We learned the answers quickly. The kids whizzed through, knowing all the answers.
I signed up for a big bike race last year. I had been practicing for months before hand. I was very nervous the day before. I wasn't sure I'd be able to even finish the race. I got first place in the race.
Kellen hated her geometry class, and she was failing it badly. One day her teacher pulled her aside and offered to make her a deal. He said he would pass her if she would do sexual favors for him. Kellen immediately told the principal and her parents what happened. Her teacher was arrested, and Kellen was given a pass on her class.
Sean decided to move out of his parent's house. But, he didn't have enough money for an apartment. He decided to live in his car. One night, someone stole his car. Now, he was completely homeless.
Henrys best friend invited him to church. When he walked in the building, people stared at him. An old lady asked him what he's doing here. He said that he was invited. She told him that men with piercings shouldn't be here.
I lye in my bed awake at night. My mind goes back many years. I remember the good and bad times we had in life. I thought about how my parents worked for very low wagers. They worked the field from sun up to sundown.
Ricky was pouring a hot cup of coffee into a mug. All of a sudden, the mug shattered. The coffee was too hot for the mug. Ricky quickly cleaned up the coffee and broken shards on the ground. Afterwards, Ricky drove to McDonalds to buy a small coffee.
Harry was in bed when he heard his dogs growling. He went to investigate as he heard the sounds escalate. Soon he found his dog attacking a would-be burglar. Harry joined the attack and subdued the man. He called the authorities and luckily the man was arrested.
Tim was invited to a pool party. He only stood around the shallow end. A friend tried to throw Tim into the deep end. Tim couldn't swim and could barely make it out. The friend apologized for not knowing.
Today, Bella wore her leotard, tights, and ballet slippers. She walked nervously to the center of the wooden studio floor. She was very happy to see a friend in the class with her. They danced and twirled around for an hour. She cannot wait to return next week.
One day Karen received a phone call. The caller on the other end told her she had been selected for a game. Karen was excited and went to pack. She flew in an airplane and was driven to the studio. She was escorted to the stage and took part in the game.
Angie's voice was hoarse. She was the head cheerleader at the game. She led cheers for the crowd for two hours. When the game was over, Angie went home to rest. Cheerleading made her very tired!
My neighbor Steve went food shopping. He buys his vegetables from a farm stand in Belmont, MA. Steve showed off some locally grown artichokes. Steve said this was unusual, as artichokes are hot weather veggies. He said the farm uses greenhouses.
Robert's grandparents have their 50th anniversary this year. Rob doesn't know much about them, but he knows they love each other. For his their anniversary Rob wants to get them something special. Rob found some photos of them for an album while searching their attic. When they opened Rob's gift they both cried tears of joy and kissed.
I took a visit to the zoo today. The tour guide showed most of the place to me. As a result, I had the opportunity to see various animals. Unfortunately, a bear broke through its cage and ran away. The animal patrol ran several blocks to capture it.
Tom wanted to play golf. He went to a used sporting equipment store. He browsed the selection. He purchased clubs. He drove to the course and began playing.
Randy was a father of 6 boys. He was almost retired from working. His boys didn't grow up to be responsible adults. His son Jason asked him for money to pay his rent. Randy refused to give him any money.
Sam's air conditioner wasn't working. So he called a repairman. But the air conditioner's filter was just clogged. And all Sam had to do was clean it. He felt embarrassed for overlooking such a simple problem.
Mike and Tim went to visit their grandma. They haven't seen her in over 15 years. She is the matriarch of the family and is celebrating a birthday. Friends and family from all over the country were visiting as well. Their grandma was turning 80 years old.
It was midnight when it started down pouring outside. My husband and I stayed in bed, not thinking twice about the rain. When we woke up the next morning we found water in the basement. My husband ran to get fans while I stopped up water with towels. In the end, we had to hire a carpet cleaner.
Frank wanted to grill a supper for his buddies. He loved summer and outdoor cooking! But he couldn't afford pricey meats like ribs and chicken breasts. So Frank bought a big bag of hot dogs and grilled them up. His buddies all agreed it was an excellent grilled supper!
Emma and Maya needed money for school shopping. They proposed several plans for raising some money. Finally, they thought up a daycare camp for kids. They watched several kids for the next week. At the end, they had plenty of money for clothes.
Mary had a temper issue. She would always get into fights with her parents. One day she was arguing with her mother about taking out the garbage. Mary was so mad that she ran away from home. She stayed at her best friend Jane's house for the night.
Joshua was nervous about spending a week at camp. He arrived and picked out a cabin to share with several of his friends. They spent the week learning new skills. They swam often since it was hot. Joshua had a great week at camp.
I have two cats. My son named the male cat Pete. My daughter named the female cat Rose. Now people always assume we are baseball fans. We aren't but I guess people think we named them after Pete Rose.
Marcus tried to open the can opener with his bare hands. His wife handed him the can opener and said that is better. Marcus thanked her and opened the can. He saw green beans inside. Marcus tried to eat them until his wife said he had to cook them.
Stan's garden was full of weeds. He decided today was the day to pull them out. Many hours were spent in the hot sun. Stan's back started to hurt. Seeing the garden at the end made it all worth it.
Brett bought a new company with his incoherence. He hired his friends to run the company. His friends made bad decisions at the company. The company started losing money. Brett fired his friends.
Simon had to go to the dentist. He wasn't sure if he had cavities or not. He went to get his cleaning done. The dentist told him he has 10 cavities. This ruined his day.
I was getting ready for work one day. The last thing I needed was to put on my socks. However, I couldn't find two matching ones. I dug through my drawers looking everywhere. Finally, I had to just leave for the day is mismatched socks.
Fay found a stray dog on the street. She brought the dog home. She named the dog Spot. Spot and Fay became good friends. Fay felt happier than she ever had before.
Damien was a professor at a university. He noticed that his students often arrived late to his lectures. One day, he inquired to the class about the reason. He learned that his classroom was inconveniently placed in the school. The next day, he requested a room transfer, to make things easier.
Barbara has been married to Joshua for 32 years. One day she realized that she doesn't love him anymore. On the very next day she puts an advertisement in the paper. Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement. Barbara tells him she doesn't love him anymore.
Jordan was a local musician. He was playing his first gig at a park. Jordan rehearsed hard for the show. The show was a success. A regional artist came into the area and Jordan opened for him.
Blaine is a troubled kid. Blaine is in a gang. Blaine wants to get out. He tells the gang he is out. The gang knocks out Blaine.
I put gel in my hair to make it curly. One day I was out of hair gel. I decided to just let my hair be natural. I got many compliments on my hair that day. I didn't know my hair looked so great that way until now.
Francis woke up too go too work. He took a shower and got ready. Made a some eggs for himself. Got in his car and headed to work. Francis got to work.
After taking a long trip, Billy came back to town. He walked down main street and into a coffee shop. In the show he saw his friend, James. James was very excited to see Billy for the first time in years. James bought Billy a cup of coffee to celebrate.
Jim sucked his thumb. The habit was affecting his teeth. His mom tried to get him to stop. He kept sucking his thumb. Jim eventually got braces to fix his teeth.
Sondra wanted a new cell phone like everyone else. Her parents told her they could not afford it. Sondra worked any jobs she could find to save the money. She finally had enough for her cell phone. She was so excited to finally buy it.
Polly was worried when her husband Rex bought a motorcycle. She argued with him about not riding at night or in heavy traffic. Rex reassured her he'd be careful, but she was skeptical. He convinced to go for a long ride on the bike that weekend. On the ride, Polly saw how careful Rex was being and felt much better.
Charles moved to the beach recently. There was a storm warning. He had never been in a storm before. Unfortunately he couldn't afford to go anywhere. He decided to ride it out and was scared the whole time.
I woke up in the morning sweating and coughing. My mom came into the room and saw that I wasn't feeling well. She told me to stay home and get some rest. I fell back asleep as soon as she left the room. After I woke up, I played video games all day.
I really dislike glasses. I think they make me look like a nerd. My glasses were always falling and breaking. My parents had a great solution. They got me contact lenses so I would be happy.
Tom had a job interview. The morning of the interview he couldn't find his shoes. The only shoes he could find were the wrong color. Tim wore them anyway. The interview went well.
My daughter decided to try acrobats for dance this year. She started out really loving it. Then one day she told me she did not like it anymore. We looked into changing classes and she was able to get in ballet. She absolutely loves it and it was a great change!
Bob and Ted were out in the garden playing catch. Bob saw that Ted's mom was struggling with some large boxes. Bob told Ted they should go help her. Ted told him it was just his mom, and she was fine. Bob ran over and caught the corner of the box before it fell.
Klay had to make a pot in ceramics class. He didn't know what to make, so he copied the kid next to him. The teacher came over and noticed Klay copying. She said he had to start over, Klay was furious. But, Klay became calm, and made his own pot.
My friend's wife got laid off two months ago. They gave her severance pay until November. She was going to retire on Social Security afterward. My friend said his wife has been bored lately. She is now looking for work.
Miles notices that he has become addicted to coffee. Whenever he doesn't have coffee, he gets a slight headache. He decides to stop drinking any coffee. Although the first few days are hard, soon the headaches subside. Finally Max is free of his coffee addiction.
Ricky had found some old baseball cards in his father's closet. One of the cards was autographed. Ricky took the autographed card to an appraiser. The appraiser graded and certified the card. Ricky and his father sold the autographed card.
Tim was waiting for the mail. It never came. Tim wondered why. Then he saw the calendar. It was Sunday so there would be no mail.
My friend and I were in a kayak race during Spring Break. We didn't do so well in the first stretch. We decided to spin around in the kayak instead of rowing towards shore. Another kayak hit our kayak so my friend and I fell into the water. Our other friends had to swim out to get us, and it was embarrassing.
My favorite basketball team is one of the worst in the league. That's very hard for a true fan like me to know. They try so hard but they always have a losing record. They have some potential trades on the table coming up. Hopefully they can take advantage of them and improve.
John always wanted to go to Ireland. One day he went to the airport to catch a flight. The prices were much more than he could pay for. As he walked back to his car dejected, an Irish person gave him money. John went to Ireland and never came back.
Gina's siblings returned from her uncle's house. Gina was sure they had been bored, and would be in a bad mood. But they seemed in high spirits. Every other time they were at her uncles they were miserable. However they didn't seem miserable at all.
The Roberts went to beaches along the Gulf Coast every summer. They loved the beach and had a lot of fun on them through the years. Unfortunately, there was an oil spill off the coast this year. Oil  was  washing ashore and killing all of the wildlife. They decided not to go this year.
Jeff is beginning to lose his hair. At the age of 54 he figures it is probably natural. So he made an appointment at the dermatologist to double check. The doctor told him that he is a little thin on top. He is now deciding on his plan of attack.
John really needed a job. John was getting really behind on his bills. John interviewed for a job as a teacher at his local news. John waited anxiously for days to hear back. John got the job as a teacher!
John read the newspaper every day. He always thought the stuff inside it was honest. ONe day he cross referenced with other sources. John found out he had been lied to a lot. He cancelled his subscription.
Johnny hit rock bottom last week. He was kicked out of his house. He lost his job. His girlfriend dumped him. He doesn't know what he's going to do.
It was 5:00 quitting time and Jane was finishing up work. She hurried home so she could shower and change her clothes. After changing, she looked in the mirror and realized she looked sexy. She grabbed her car keys and headed to the new club. It was Thursday Night, Ladies Night.
Jill always wanted to have children. She got pregnant at the age of 16. Luckily, her family were very supportive of this. The father of the child was also heavily involved. Although she was young, the support she had made her feel truly ready.
Randy kept getting random calls They all seemed to be pranking him. He got tired of it and blocked the number. He did not get any calls anymore. He looked online and found it's a guy who does that to a lot of people
Reba envied her friend who had a closet of dresses. While visiting, Reba snuck in the closet with a scissors. She snipped at the hem of every dress. When Reba went to leave, her friend's mom handed her a sack. She said Reba could have the dresses, which her girl had outgrown.
Luke was having trouble choosing an instrument to try to learn. However, when he saw the French Horn, he knew he wanted to try it. Although he didn't love the sound at first, he liked how it looked. Luke became one of the best French Horn players in his school. He was happy he chose to play the French Horn.
We had a school camping when i was in grade school. It was really fun and adventurous. We made bonfire on our first night. I thought it was difficult to make bonfire but i was wrong. It was the time that i learned how to make bonfire.
Yesterday I decided to take my dog Peanut out for a walk. When we left the house it was bright and sunny, but that soon changed. Rain clouds began to fill the sky, so we turned to go home. On our walk home, it began to rain. Instead of racing home, we played in the rain instead!
Lily thought the radio was not good. She thought it was boring. This is because of her generation. Then she found some interesting programs. It changed her mindset.
My husband and I got an opportunity to go to Hawaii for five months. Sadly we could not take our elderly cat with us because of quarantine. Greg reluctantly agreed to take care of her despite allergies. Out of the blue, Greg told us he was going to take her to the pound. Brian, also allergic, saved the day by rescuing our kitty.
Lukas was taking a history class. He had a test coming up. He didn't study for it at all. When the day of the test came, he was totally lost. He decided to study harder from then on.
Gina had been at her dad's mom's house. She had never been close with her dad's family. The whole time she was there she felt like a stranger. Now she was going home. As she drove home she replayed the events of the day in her mind.
The homeowner was frustrated. His concrete was all smashed up. He had driven a big truck over it. He decided to call in a concrete company. They smoothed it out and make it look better.
Gina didn't want to step in knee deep snow to clean her car off. She decided to pull the car away from the curb. She checked to ensure no cars were around. She parked in the street and exited her car. She was happy to be able to avoid the deep snow.
I drive my kids to school every morning. One day last year a deer ran directly in front of my car. He was a young deer and I hit him. He was dead and my car was badly dented. This year my car is rusty in the spot that the deer hit.
The campers were making s'mores. They used marshmallows and extra chocolate. They all ate them around the campfire. The s'mores were delicious. It was their favorite camping treat!
Dani and her family decided to try out tent camping. They go to the campground and found their site. They set up their tent and put all their bedding inside. Right when they went to sleep it started storming. It stormed so bad that the wind blew the tent from the stakes.
Jesse left his house late for work. He drove quickly down the highway to make up for lost time. He noticed a wreck up ahead, and all of the cars stopped. He called his boss and used the traffic jam as an excuse to be late. He arrived to work an hour late.
Ina has a favorite hat she wears a lot. One window day, the hat blew off. Ina chased her hat down the street. She caught it 4 blocks away. Ina takes more care with her hat now.
Horatio has never taken advantage of living in nearby a river. He decides he needs to enjoy nature while he is still young. Horatio takes a day off work to go fishing in the river. He catches a glorious salmon. Horatio is so happy he went fishing in the river.
George has a math test. He has not studied at all. He decided to go to football practice instead. When he got to class the next day, he was nervous. Luckily, his teacher postponed the test.
Callie was a gymnast and practiced every day. One day, she landed badly and her leg was in excruciating pain. She was determined and decided to just keep going. The next day, she collapsed at the gym because the pain was so bad. At the hospital, she learned waiting had made her injury much worse.
Hector wanted to be an actor. He decided to learn about the craft and take acting lessons. He then headed for Hollywood in hopes of having some success. He went to a lot of auditions and finally got chosen for a role. He was very happy and delighted to finally reach his dream.
Harry received a birthday gift from his grandma. He decided to call to thank her. He had to search for the phone. Once he found it, he made the phone call. He talked to his grandma and said thank you.
Mike's brother was moving so he said he would help him out. He was moving within the development so it was pretty close by. He noticed a bike in the garage and offered to ride it over. He started down the street and realized the tires badly needed air. It was one of the worst bike rides he ever went on.
Susie was looking for babysitting work. She really needed the extra money. So she decided she was going to apply for jobs. Finally her friend gave her a job. Susie was so thrilled.
Sam invited his friends over for some beers. But he had no beer. So he went to the store and got some. His friends went over. They all got drunk and had a good time.
Tom worked and Becky was his supervisor. Tom always did his best work. Tom always did good work. Becky was mean and would berate Tom for amusement. Tom got upset and quit.
Judy loves antiques. When she was younger her grandmother got her hooked. She has been called a hoarder by those who know her. She buys antiques often and has no more room in her home for it. She thinks that one day she will sell some off it.
James went apple picking with his mother. He spent the entire afternoon picking apples. He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day. James and his mother made an apple pie later that night. The pie turned out to be delicious!
Susan was very pregnant and working in her vegetable garden. She found that the neighbor's cat was leaving presents in the soil. She told her neighbor about the dangers the cat waste in pregnancy. Susan asked her neighbor to please keep her cat inside. Her neighbor refused because her cat liked to go outside.
Natalie was picking out her very first car. She was planning on checking out a few different places. To her surprise, the first car she saw was her favorite. She could have considered other cars but she really wanted this one. She decided to just go for it.
Lois was a very talented girl. Every morning she brought out her violin and began to play. Her neighbors heard her through an open window and enjoyed her music. They came over to ask her to be in their children's orchestra. Lois was overjoyed and excited to further her music talent.
Yesterday I got a brand new skincare brush. At first I was skeptical. Yet the brush turned out to be amazing. My pores became incredibly clean. I made an effort to really stock up on them.
Tina had a lot of cavities. She had to get them filled. So she went to the dentist to get it done. But the needle scared her. She started to cry and refused to open her mouth.
Jerry went to gamestop. He bought the new kingdom hearts game. He turned on his playstation to play it. He then found out he had the wrong game. He had to go return it.
We wanted a lot of birds near our house. We started putting food out every winter. The birds came and we had a yard full of them every summer. One winter the squirrels started eating all of the bird food. We stopped feeding the birds but they still come and eat our bugs.
Dave sold windows from door to door. Most people ignored him and slammed the door in his face. One day a person actually invited Dave inside to look at his windows. Dave managed to sell him a whole house of new windows. The commission he earned on that deal payed for his new hot tub.
Sue was walking with her new tablet. All of a sudden she tripped. She dropped her tablet and it hit the ground. She picked it up and the screen was shattered. Luckily, she had insurance and was able to get it fixed.
Angela used to work for an insurance office but the office closed. The owner of the insurance office died of pancreatic cancer. Angela had to look for a new job. Looking for a job wasn't as easy as it had been when she was younger. No matter how hard she tried she couldn't get an interview.
When I got home from work, I just wanted to sleep. I lay in my bed for a while. Then, I notice a horrible smell. It was coming from my pillow. I tossed my pillow in laundry basket and went back to sleep.
Darren loved going to raves. He grew up in the 90s and would go out every weekend. Now, Darren can't find any illegal raves anywhere. He didn't know how people found them nowadays. He thought it was easier when there was less social media.
Lindsey was starting to learn how to drive. Her dad took her out in the car to teach her. Lindsey was nervous and kept swerving. Her dad told her numerous times to calm down. Lindsey couldn't stop swerving and hit a mailbox.
Bob went to the store. He realized he forgot his wallet. The person behind him paid for his sandwich. He tried to thank the man for buying his lunch. Unfortunately, the man had already left.
Gina was playing Barbie dolls. Her sisters didn't want to play. So Gina decided to play alone. But it was boring with no one else playing. She put the dolls down and went to join her sisters outside.
Today was a very hot day. I thought it would be nice to take a walk. After ten minutes, I was sweating. It was too hot to go any further. Next time I will stay inside.
I have always hated the taste of almonds. They tasted like crunchy wood. One day a friend bought me almonds covered in honey. I slowly placed one in my mouth. I was delighted to find that it had such a pleasant taste.
Mom and dad had no clue what to do on the weekend. They went online for ideas, and found a DIY article. It was to build a shelf, so they found the right tools. They got started in the garage, and finished in an hour. Now they have a new, awesome shelf in the living room.
The woman talked to her cat. The cat stared at the woman. After a little while the cat meowed. The woman thought the cat was answering her. She started talking with the cat all the time.
Joan was getting ready for school. She got dressed. She sat down to eat breakfast. She poured her normal bowl of cereal. However as she went to eat, her milk was sour!
At a low time in the John's life his Mom got him a lovable puppy. John named his puppy Nisha. The two of them became best friends. They were always there for each other. Even though Nisha is gone, John will always remember her loving heart.
My former coworker Dave called up. He had discovered his chief was not following procedures. The practices were almost illegal, and Dave asked for advice. I told him the state has a website for reporting abuse. I told him to send things from a hidden email.
Reade worked for a company for 13 years. He knew that he was bored with the job. He hated going to work and needed something new. Reade started to apply for other jobs. He was offered a new job and accepted.
The one time we went bowling with my sister. We were paying by the hour, so we were trying to bowl fast. I went up real quick and rolled the ball off my ankle. I couldn't believe how dumb I was. My sister will never let me forget that.
Amy, Lynn, and Kim were at the park. They were supposed to meet some boys from Lynn's block. It was a cool fall night, and they girls were getting cold. After 10 minutes they began to think they weren't coming. Finally they saw 2 of the boys walking towards the park.
It was my birthday. I went to school. I waited all day to go home and have my birthday party. I was very excited. When I got home the party was set up for my brother.
I wanted to get my masters degree. So, I had to take the GRE. Alas, I was bad at taking standardized tests. Nevertheless, I studied for many months. Luckily, I did very well on the GRE!
Jeff is taking his driver's licenses test. Jeff gets out on the road with the tester. While driving Jeff fails to stop at a stop sign. When they get back he is told he failed. Jeff fails the test and says he will try harder next time.
Eric had always wanted to be an actor. He answered an advertisement in the newspaper looking for actors. When he showed up to the audition, he was told to memorize his lines. Eric was so nervous that he forgot all of his lines. Needless to say, Eric didn't get the role he had auditioned for.
Jojo wanted to fish while on her vacation at the lake house. She broke off a branch from a nearby tree and stripped it down. Then she tied on some twine she had found along the shore. Finally, she added an unfolded paperclip hook to the end of the twine. Lowering the hook into the water, she immediately caught a shoe.
Mark needed extra money in his life. His current job wasn't paying enough. He read that you can donate plasma for cash. Mark started donating twice a week. Now Mark gets an extra hundred dollars a week.
Shane was going to make some cole slaw. He went to the fridge to get the ingredients. When he grabbed the cabbage, he realized it had gone bad. He had left it in the fridge for too long. He had to throw the cabbage away and buy more.
Marisol was on the beach with her husband. They were enjoying the small surf over their toes. Suddenly a huge wave came out of nowhere. The couple ran but still got their legs submerged in seawater. They were just lucky they didn't get pulled in.
Hayes wanted to see the new movie. Much to her dismay, all the tickets were sold out. She quickly went into her car and started driving. After driving around 100 miles, she reached another theater. Hayes was able to watch the new movie.
Reggie wanted to raise money for charity. He asked local restaurants for donations. The restaurants weren't interested in donating. Reggie asked if they would donate a portion of their proceeds. The restaurant's agreed and Reggie raised $100 for charity.
Sue wanted a new house. She had been renting for years. She finally decided to start house hunting. She found the perfect house. She put in an offer and it was accepted.
I had to take a test today. I studied very hard. I took my test very fast. I completed my test. I made a good grade on my test.
Libby was walking through the mall with her nanny. Libby stopped to look at a store window. Nanny did not notice Libby had stopped and kept walking. Libby suddenly realized she was alone. Libby cried until a store worker helped her find her nanny.
Karly and Katrina were identical twins. No one could tell them apart - not even their teachers! One day Karly was sick, so Katrina went to Karly's friend's party. She had a blast and no one knew the difference! Afterward, she brought Karly leftover cake and they laughed together.
I work at a transit authority. One day we had to take a class on procedures. The speaker was very boring and I almost fell asleep. After the class we all got certificates. I did not hang my certificate up, as the class was terrible.
Tom was in court for a parking ticket. He didn't think he should have gotten it. He tried to argue against it to the judge. The judge was really mean and hard headed. He gave Tom a bigger fine than original.
On June 5th, our son graduated from Cambridge College. He received a Master's Degree in education. The ceremony was held at the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion. We applauded wildly when he got his diploma. We treated him out to dinner afterward.
Joey's and his wife have a toddler. They decided it was time to get the child to potty train. Joey tried everything to get their child to learn. He hired an expert to help. Now their child goes to the bathroom unassisted.
Paul needed a new haircut. He set up an appointment with a local barber. Paul wanted to get a shorter cut. The barber spent half an hour cutting Paul's hair. Paul liked his new look and gave the barber a handsome tip.
When I was a boy, I found a stray cat on the street. I brought it home and my parents got mad at me. They told me I could not have a cat in the house. I did not want to let it go, but I placed it outside. The cat left, but still comes around occasionally for food.
Gary tripped on a football player's shoe. The person threatened to beat him up. When Gary fried to talk back, he ended up fighting the person. Bill saw the fight, but continued to walk. Gary ended up with a bruised face.
Today we arrived at Cozumel, with the most turquoise water. Our little girl went running to the beach splashing in the water. The water was warm with many colored fish swimming around her feet. Our little girl was giggling and running back to her parents. The little girl said again, again and into the water she went.
Tanya had just finished an extremely emotional movie. She thought it was no big deal and went to bed. That night she dreamed about the movie. For the rest of the week she couldn't stop thinking about it. She ended up rewatching it over and over until she was sick of it.
Landon received a wedding invitation in the mail. He visited the couple's wedding webpage. Landon found their registry gift list online. He purchased a punch bowl off of their registry. Landon had the gift sent to the bride and groom.
Grace got in a car crash early this morning. She was following a car to close and accidentally hit them. Luckily, the car ahead did not press charges. They didn't even call the insurance. Grace was relieved everyone was okay and that she wasn't in trouble.
Sally and her husband were visiting the pumpkin patch. She was very pregnant with their second child. Their first child was delighted to play with the pumpkins. Sally suddenly went into labor there in the pumpkin patch. She gave birth to a healthy boy, right there among the vines.
Jenna was flying to Florida for vacation. It was her first time on an airplane. She sat nervously in her seat. She almost fainted when they got into the sky. A flight attendant gave her water and she felt fine afterwards.
When my uncle died I questioned everything. I was lost and looking for a way. My family and friends couldn't help. I turned to the church. There I found the comfort I couldn't find in reality.
Matt went to the beach. He laid down in the sand. There were a lot of grains of sand he could see. He tried to count them. He failed because there was too much sand.
Kelsi decided she wanted to play tennis. She tried versing her best friend Stacy. The two girls played for an hour. It was a close match. Kelsi ended up beating Stacy.
Tim's debit card had been missing. He checked his bank account and noticed purchases he didn't make. Tim called his bank immediately. They were able to figure out the fraudulent purchases and fix it. The card thief was eventually caught and arrested.
The little girl loved colorful things. She got a pinwheel as a gift. She liked to watch it spin around in the wind. She stuck it in the ground in her garden. Now she could watch it every day!
Morgan was at work. There was a contest to guess the number of jelly beans in a jar. Morgan entered just for fun. Her answer was actually the closest, and she won! She was given a ton of cool candy bars and treats.
Antonela had a baby brother named Loki. Antonela loved Loki very much. One day, Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear. Antonela found Loki's Teddy bear and gave it back to him. Now Loki loves Antonela as much as Antonela loves Loki.
Two girls live in North Carolina. A winter storm came with snow and ice. When it was over there was very little accumulation. Many of the roads were still icy for a few days after the storm. The girls got two school snow days for less than two inches of snow.
Last Saturday my son went to the Fogg Art Museum. He had a class there for his Master's program. He posted some photos on Facebook. My wife said she would like to go there sometime. We made plans to go in the spring.
I went to japan last summer. I decided to visit many popular cities like Tokyo and Osaka. I went to see many of the historical shrines and temples of Osaka. Afterwards, I went to many clubs and parties in Tokyo. I had a lot of fun and returned home with many memories.
Melany was born to be a performer. She could sing full songs at the age of 5. Placed 1st in her county's beauty pageant. When she reached 19 she had a record deal as a singer. She was a massive pop icon by the age of 25.
Megan felt very sick one morning. She called her doctor and made an appointment. The doctor ran a series a of tests. When the results were in, the doctor smiled. He told Megan that she was pregnant.
Cora felt unappreciated as a wife and mother. She raised three small kids but never got any thanks. Then on Mother's Day, she got a long, handwritten card. It stated everything she'd done and thanked her profusely! The recognition almost made Cora sob with gratitude!
I met up with a online shoe seller at the mall. Before he gave me the shoe-box, I gave him by money. Afterwards, he quickly ran off. As dumb as I was, I opened the box after he left. There was a fake pair of shoes in the box.
James wanted to bring a water bottle to camp. He filled a bottle with tap water. When he took his first gulp, the water tasted like soap. He realized the water bottle hadn't been rinsed well. He drank from the camp water fountain for the remainder of the day.
Charles hated cleaning the house. This week he had extra chores. He decided to wake up early and get it over with. Charles worked into the early afternoon. He was able to finish everything and relax after.
Rick had a job as a traveling salesman. It required him to be gone from home often. He did not enjoy being away from his family. Rick tried to find a new job. He found one but had to take a cut in pay.
Tom was poor. He couldn't afford to keep the heat on during winter. A strong snow storm hit. Tom wasn't able to keep warm. He died of hypothermia.
One night, Bob went out on a drive in the country to think about life. Suddenly, he saw three bright lights fly through the sky. He was not sure what the lights were, and drove home quickly. As he got home and turned on the TV, the news was on. The reporter said a meteor shower had occurred, so he was let down.
Tom needed money to pay rent. Tom got a job as a baker. The job did not pay a lot of money. Tom got a raise and made a lot more money. That made it easy for him to pay rent!
Shane was with his friends on the fourth of July. They were lighting off small fireworks. Someone tipped over a roman candle. The firework burst out into the bushes. A huge fire was lit and the boys all ran away.
Kim really loved going to see movies. She didn't get to go see them a lot because they were so expensive. One day, Kim received a small package in the mail. It was a gift card to the movies from her grandparents. Kim was so excited she went straight to the theater.
Patty went to the store for fish sticks. The frozen aisle had no frozen fish. So patty went fishing in the pond instead. She caught 4 trout and 1 bass. Patty made delicious fish sticks for dinner.
Tom was leaving the mall. He walked up to his car and tried to get in. For some reason it wasn't opening. After some tries the alarm went off. Tom realized it wasn't his car.
Archie is allergic to dogs. He moved into a new house. To his surprise, he couldn't stop sneezing. Gary suspected dog dander was to blame for the sneezing. He was forced to replace all the carpets.
Paloma's husband is an alcoholic. She covers up for him as if he is healthy. He has an outburst at the mall destroying thousands in merchandise. Paloma is at her wits end. She eventually seeks long term help for him.
Ziggy the dog needed to take prozac for his anxiety issues. His family did not think Ziggy would like taking a pill. They hid his pill in a hollowed out piece of string cheese. Ziggy happily gobbled it up. Now all his medication is hidden in string cheese.
When Jill arrived for her first day of school she was nervous. But she sat next to Eddie- the class clown. His humor and confidence put her at ease immediately. They became close and eventually started dating. They later married and he never stopped making her feel special.
Jon made a three pointer and we were 20 points ahead of the other team. They decided to change their lineup and played harder. The lead was eventually cut to 1 point. I tried to make a shot and the opponent stole the ball. He made a layup, giving the other team the lead.
Tina had a new puppy. She wanted to teach him a trick. So, she taught him to shake. She did it by bribing him with treats. The puppy quickly learned to shake.
The man showed a stranger's kindness. The stranger smiled at the man. The man took the smile as gratitude. The man continued to be kind. People often showed gratitude to him.
Tina loved her parrot. She liked to feed Jack peanuts. However, her mother knows this is not healthy for Jack. Tina's mother demanded she stop feeding peanuts. Jack now angry squawks at Tina for not giving peanuts.
Cindy made some toast for breakfast. She left her toast on the plate to grab some butter. While getting into the fridge she heard something shatter. She quickly turned around to see her dog run out of the room. The toast was gone, and glass littered the floor.
Amy was in the park at 1 AM talking with a boy named Ben. She was there with 2 other friends. But she was so interested in Ben she wasn't paying attention. Finally she realized they had been gone too long. She realized they needed to get home before any noticed they left.
Charles was in the 10th grade but had a work permit. He landed his first job at a water-park near his home. He was a lifeguard. One afternoon a woman floated up and down in the pool. Charles thought she was kidding around, but she was drowning.
My sister in law had stomach cramps for years. The cramps lasted for two minutes, then went away. She went to several doctors and got confusing diagnoses. Finally a doctor told her to lose 50 pounds. She lost 26 pounds and felt better.
The grass got too tall. The mower kept shutting down. The man rented a weed wacker. He hacked down the grass. He returned the weed wacker that evening.
I was so constipated last week. I tried everything to help me. I ate wheat products, and drank coffee. I still couldn't go, no matter what I tried. Finally, after 3 days I had explosive diarrhea but was relieved.
Tom and his dad didn't hang out muc. Tom was always asking him to play catch. His dad was too busy to do so. After a while Tom stopped asking. His dad felt heartbroken.
Joe didn't feel well after work. He had very bad pain in his abdomen. Joe went to the emergency room. It was discovered that Joe has appendicitis. Surgeons removed Joe's appendix.
When Henry turned 14 his father died. It was a big deal and meant Henry had to take on more responsibility. He was unsure but knew what had to be done. He was named king at a young age. He ruled over his people terribly and was assassinated.
Tom was eating leftover fast food. He realized he was out of ketchup. He loved ketchup. Tom decided to go to the store to get more. He reheated his food and drenched it in the sauce.
Dayton wanted to play football more than anything. He kept getting told that he was too small and weak. So, Dayton practiced and worked harder than anyone on the team. The coach saw this and decided he earned the right to play. During his first game, Dayton caught the winning touchdown!
Chris took his girl on a boat trip. They went to channel islands Park. The ferry ride was an hour. Along the way they saw blue whales. It was the most amazing boat ride.
John was very focused on the grill. He had been entrusted to make sure the burgers were perfect. But just a few minutes before they were done, a pretty girl walked by. John walked over to talk to her. Five minutes later he returned to a grill full of burned burgers.
Tania wanted to be a cheerleader. She was at the auditions one day. One of the requirements was for her to cheer in a quiet room. She tried to, but it felt awkward and didn't sound good. She didn't end up making the team.
James has a work shirt. He is supposed to wear it everyday. Today it was dirty, so he washed it. The shirt shrank in the wash. Now James has to purchase a new work shirt.
Maria had a dream of opening a business. She opened a restaurant downtown. It was a lot of hard work. Soon, she got some loyal customers. She felt great seeing lots of people sitting at tables in her cafe.
George was only 5 years old. He was just learning to ride his bike. He told his dad he was ready to go on his own. His dad watched as George began to peddle on his own. George got 5 feet before he fell over and off his bike.
Adam had to read his son a bedtime story. He read him the three little piggies story. His child loved it. Adam sees his child smile delightfully. His child fell asleep before the end.
Faried was cramming for an exam tomorrow. He started to have a migraine but continued to work. Snot started to run down his nose and his body temperature increased. Next day, the teacher sent him to the nurse's office. The nurse told him that he has a fever.
My brother had a goldfish. The fish let him pet it. He put his finger in the water. The fish swam up to him. And he pet the fish.
They went to the county fair like they would do every summer. But it was so hot out that they needed a drink. So his wife told him to get a couple lemonades. He had never had them before but he said ok. He couldn't believe how good they were, he made sure to always get it.
Jeff was driving back from a friends house. He went into a gas station to pick up a drink. He saw a sign for the lottery. The jackpot was up to 200 million dollars. Jeff couldn't believe his eyes when he found out he was the winner.
Molly gave birth to a baby girl last week. Her mom wanted to have the baby's ears pierced now. It's a family tradition for the girls ears to be pierced after birth. Molly did not approve of this. Molly's had the baby's ears pierced without her consent.
Kia applied sunscreen before going to the beach. She thought she'd be safe from sunburn. But that night, she saw she had been burned after all! She realized that the water had washed away her sunscreen. She wished she had re-applied it!
Adam needed to buy milk from the store. He got into his car and headed to the store. Halfway there, he heard a funny noise and felt shaking in his car. Adam pulled over and realized he had a flat tire. Adam luckily had a spare in his trunk.
It was Jenna and Lewis' very first date. The two were excited to get together finally. They found a nice table at the fancy restaurant and sat down. Jenna and Lewis had a fabulous time at dinner. At the end of the date, the two had their first kiss.
We just bought a new house. It is so big compared to our other house. We did need a bigger place. The kids love the yard. It is a nice place.
My niece has a 12-year old daughter, Mary. Mary wanted a pet guinea pig. Her mom bought her two. They had six babies. My niece just bought a huge cage to house the guinea pigs.
Shemecka thought she would be okay after her boyfriend left her. She forgot that he paid all of the bills and bought her the car. Because her ex did not renew the lease, Shemecka lost her apartment. While she was at work, her ex claimed the car he bought her. She was so humiliated and upset when she saw that he took it.
Adam went running when he experienced severe sneezing. He was suffering from an allergy attack. The pollen in the area made him have a reaction. A bystander helped Adam breathe and called an ambulance. Adam won't run in the spring again.
If I could go back in time I would play football. I didn't play it until later in life. I have so much fun now playing it but I'm still rusty on the rules. If I would have played in school I would have learned everything. Someday soon I will be at everyone's level.
Lauren had always loved eating duck breast at restaurants. However, she was intimidated to make it herself. She knew she wanted the duck to be medium-rare, and not overcooked. She cooked the duck breast to a perfect medium rare in a pan. Lauren was proud of her latest cooking adventure.
Tina got tickets to see Kanye west in concert. She was super excited to attend. As soon as she got there she ran backstage. Kanye have her a hug and autograph. It was the best day of Tina's life.
Megan was feeling light headed. She suddenly collapsed. Her friend called the ambulance. They rushed her to the hospital. Megan needed a few days to recover.
Missy's chair broke while she was sitting on it. She decided it was a good idea to fix it. She gets her tools and her workplace ready. Then she works on the chair for a couple of hours. Finally the chair is like brand new.
Lucy's grandpa took her to Walgreens to get a treat. She was allowed one item. She couldn't decide between a toy and candy. Her grandpa could tell she had a hard time deciding. In the end he allowed her to get both.
The man was crying. His friend asked why. The man would not answer. The friend asked again. The man lashed out in anger.
Tom had a favorite walnut. Tom carried his walnut everywhere. One day Tom's mother threw out his favorite walnut! Tom searched and searched but couldn't find it anywhere! Then something amazing occurred, Tom's mom found the walnut!
Barry's mother told him not to swim in the cold pond. Barry went with his friends to the pond. He jumped in the water with the other boys. Barry came down with a cold. Barry realized he should have listened to his mother.
Rachel was on a vacation in a foreign country. She was walking in a marketplace one morning. She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building. She walked over and saw a dancing bear. It was so cool that she gave the trainer a huge tip.
Gina wanted a lisa Frank Trapper Keeper. But she didn't have enough to buy one. At Walgreens she found a bunch of Lisa Frank folders. She bought a dolphin, and a kitten folder. It wasn't what she wanted, but it was better than nothing.
Deb recently turned 50 years old. She wanted to start experiencing new things. Her daughter asked her to go line dancing with her. Deb was hesitant but decided to go. She had a wonderful time.
John is a kid. He loves music. He starts to write down words to a song. He records his song in the studio. John made his very first song.
Tim was looking for a job. However, no one would hire someone with no experience. Tim decided to get an internship working for free. He worked very hard. At the end of the internship he gained tons of experience.
Vinnie was about to go surfing. He grabbed his surfboard on his way out the door. Then he saw his friend approaching him. He told Vinnie that the beach was closed. Vinnie went back in with his shoulders slumped down.
We were waiting at a restaurant. Our server was very kind. She made sure our drinks were full. She brought us our ticket for dinner. We gave her a great tip.
Edith was looking at family pictures at her grandmother's home. Her grandmother kept the pictures stored away in a box. Edith liked looking at the pictures. She compiled her favorites into a scrapbook. Edith's grandmother kept the scrapbook out where everyone could see.
Ron was lonely and started using Internet dating sites. He started talking to a pretty girl and really liked her. They made plans to have dinner on Saturday at a fancy restaurant. Ron's paycheck was typed incorrectly and didn't clear so he was broke! He took the girl to a park for a picnic instead and she loved it.
Jake was at the beach on vacation. All of a sudden the water receded more than normal. When it came back it pushed much further than normal. He was swept out and eventually drowned. His remains have still not been found.
The hikers went into woods. They got lost. One of the hikers called for help. A rescue crew came to find them. They were relieved when they got rescued.
John Crunk wanted to be the world's first Eskimo rapper. Plenty of people at the village were dubious at his capability. Crunk raised middle fingers to the haters and started penning rhymes. He was picked up by Top Dawg Entertainment and recorded an album. It won a Grammy for incorporating hip hop and Eskimo culture.
Kia took her kite to the park. She hoped there would be enough wind to fly it. When she arrived, though, she found a different problem. The wind was so strong, she almost lost her kite! Kia had to grip it very tightly!
Jane was on the soccer team. She was captain. She had to pick the most valuable player. Jane was torn between doing this. She finally decided to give every player a trophy.
Karen was at school on rodeo day. A bunch of cowboys had come to show the kids the horses. They were offering horse rides to all of the kids. Karen was too scared to ride the horse. Then, a cowboy gave her a pep talk and she worked up the courage.
Chris went to the beach. He is very conscious of the sun. Usually, he wears sunscreen. He forgot it today. Chris suffered from a very bad sunburn.
Bob made a fortune teller out of paper. He asked his friend Lauren to try it out. The fortune teller stated that Lauren would find luck this week. While coming home from school, Lauren found a twenty dollar bill. The fortune teller was right!
The woman got a cramp. She went to the clinic. The clinic did tests. They could not find the problem. They gave her some pain medication.
I was cleaning up a pile of wood in my backyard. Inadvertently I kicked over a mound of red dirt. Within seconds I was covered with brown ants. Apparently they were unhappy that I had destroyed their home. I ran screaming from the woods with stings covering my legs.
After someone stole my car radio I had to buy a new one. I went to a few electronics stores and couldn't see one I wanted. Finally I went online and found a promising one. I compared prices of this car radio and finally bought one. I replaced the radio after it was shipped out to me.
Tim was an artist. But he noticed that his vision was becoming worse. He was prescribed glasses. And he was amazed at how clearly they made everything look. Tim's drawings were so much better because of his new glasses.
The man went fishing. He caught more than his limit. He kept all of the fish. He got caught with too many fish. He had to pay a big fine.
Tom was at the park with friends. He forgot to put any sunscreen on. After a few hours everyone noticed he was really red. Tom was severely sunburned. He had to go home immediately and put cream on.
Marg threw her bag on the floor and burst into tears. She'd had enough at her job. Unfortunately she didn't have the courage to quit. Marg went back the next day. There were 20 more years of next days, as Marg lost her will to live.
Luke was John's favorite character from Star Wars. He always loved his origin story. He didn't think that Darth Vader was his father. So he was shocked when he found that out. He is so excited for the next movie.
Susan loved to feed her cat. She bought the best food for it. She got the food out for the cat. She put it in the bowl. The cat ate the food.
I bought a container of kinetic sand. I started to play with it. The sand felt good between my fingers. I added a little glitter to give it some sparkle. I mixed it in and rolled it around.
Cathy enrolled her daughter into a soccer league. Cathy loved to watch her daughter play the game of soccer. However, Cathy's daughter did not like playing soccer. Cathy's daughter decided she did not want to play soccer anymore. Cathy was heartbroken that she would not see her daughter play soccer.
I went to the middle school dance. My friend Jennifer was dancing up front. I mostly stood around and talked to people. I danced with a girl named Tiffany. It was a slow dance.
Dave always admired his older brother. He would often wish that he was as cool as his brother. Eventually Dave grew up and forged his own path in life. Dave became a doctor after many Year's of hard work. Dave's brother now looks up to him.
Tom hadn't heard his upstairs neighbor move in a long time. He hadn't seen him outside either. After a while he went to knock but nobody answered. He called the authorities just to make sure. Tom's neighbor had moved out without telling anyone.
Sam took his girlfriend Eve on a picnic. They decided to go to the park. Sam brought sandwiches and dessert. They ate and fed the ducks. Afterwards they took a walk through the park.
Angie enjoyed her job but wanted a change. She started looking through the classifieds. She applied for several jobs in her area. After an interview, Angie was hired for a job in a new field. She is excited to learn something new.
Our dog came from a rescue. She had been returned twice before I thought she had a great demeanor. We took her home that day. Nine Years later, she's still our best friend!
Alyssa went to the beach. At the beach, she rented an ocean kayak. She tried to paddle the kayak out to an oil rig. The oil rig was further away than Alyssa imagined. Alyssa had to stop and turn back when her arms got tired.
Hank bought a bow and arrow and learned how to use them. He was very proud of himself. One day, he accidentally shot an endangered eagle. Hank didn't think anyone saw him do it. He took the bird home and ate it, with a side of potatoes.
Betty's friend was very thoughtful and often sent her gifts. One time she sent her flower bulbs to grow indoors. Betty planted her bulbs and was excited to see what they'd look like. They bloomed into beautiful flowers, but smelled sickeningly sweet. Betty couldn't tolerate the smell and had to toss the flowers outside.
Paul loved baked ham. He would put brown sugar on it along with pineapple. He forgot about it one day while it was in the oven. And a horrendous smell came over the house. They didn't have ham that year, and went out for burgers instead.
Fran drove along the winding lane. She held the baby deer nestled in her arms. She'd hit its mother on the road a bit ago. The fawn trembled, but put its trust in Fran. She'd decided she'd make a stew out of it when she got home.
Henry was lonely. He decided to adopt a pet to help with his loneliness. He visited his local animal shelter. He chose a senior cat to adopt. He enjoyed spending time with his new friend.
We decorated the baby's room. We painted it pink and lavender. We placed stickers of moons and stars on the ceiling. When we turned off the lights, they glowed. The baby cooed happily as she looked at the ceiling.
Lewis wanted to have children. Unfortunately, he didn't have a partner yet. He began searching online for a partner. Within only 1 month, Lewis had found someone that was perfect. Another 10 months down the line, and Lewis has a baby girl.
Sam found out he had cancer. Sam created a bucket list. Sam's main priority was to travel the world. Sam found out his cancer was in remission. Sam canceled many things on his bucket list except to travel.
I was late to work today. My car keys were nowhere to be found. I ended up having to call a taxi. Then the taxi would not listen to my directions. Mike is going to help me look for my car keys tonight.
Carter was in her school assembly. She had stayed up late to do homework and was so tired. She tried her best to stay awake but the assembly lulled her to sleep. Suddenly, she was awoken to everyone staring at her. She was so embarrassed that her teacher had called her out.
I woke up one morning and got ready for work. I began to feel queasy while driving on the road. I walked into work and immediately started to vomit. My boss found out and told me to go home. I went back to my car, drove home, and relaxed on my couch.
I love to read. I read before I go to bed every night. I read so much I have read all the good books in our house! My Mom gave me a new book this morning. I am off to read it!
Archie was found murdered in his home. The police looked for answers for years. They could never solve the case. Finally, Archie's friend confessed to the murder. He wanted to clear his conscience before he died.
Vicki was a musician. She played the organ at the church. She loved playing the old hymns on Sunday. The congregation loved her playing. They looked forward to listening to her each week.
John was approached by a man with copper in his truck. The man offers to sell John this copper for half price. John agreed to buy the copper. Later, he found out that the man had stolen the copper. However, since John didn't know at the time, he didn't get in trouble.
Julie finished her lunch and threw her bag away. She went to her English class. Julie realized she had thrown her retainer away. She had to look through the garbage cans in the cafeteria. Finally, Julie found the retainer in the garbage can.
Emily had 2 weeks to get an apartment or else she would be homeless. All the arrangements were in order, except she had to get approved. The apartment complex denied her application for a bad rental history. She had to deal with being homeless, until her family gave her a place Through this, she realized how important family values are.
I was walking up the stairs. Suddenly, I fell! I was rushed to the hospital for a concussion. The doctors told me I should be more careful. From then on, I decided to hold onto the stair railings.
Dan was a fan of Michael Jackson. Dan especially loved mimicking some of his dance moves. However, Dan's favorite dance move was the moon walk. Dan loved doing the dance, as it made him feel good. Dan knew with practice he could moonwalk like Michael Jackson.
Jack and Gina were enjoying a warm and muggy evening on the farm. As they sat outside, they noticed the skies getting very dark. Gina screamed to Jack as she saw a tornado in the distance. They ran to the basement and took cover in an interior room. The tornado missed their house by 1/4 of a mile and they felt lucky.
Tim had never been to the beach. His friends bought him a trip for his birthday. Tim was extremely surprised. They all went together. Tim was awe struck by the ocean and vowed to return.
Tom had a pair of jeans he liked. One day he ripped a hole in them. Tom didn't want to get rid of them. He decided to try and sew up the hole. It went well and he wore them often.
Lucy was known for her luck. He husband recommended that they go to a casino. She was nervous about going. Her husband assured her that it would be ok. She bet on a hand of Blackjack and won two thousand dollars.
Holly was doing the dishes. She dropped a plate on the ground. Holly started to pick up the broken pieces of glass. She felt a prick of pain as she cut her finger on the glass. Holly bandaged the wound and was more careful.
Lisa has a beautiful sapphire ring. She always takes it off to wash her hands. One afternoon, she noticed it was missing from her finger! Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day. She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor!
Jack couldn't afford to pay his rent this month. His parents decided to help him out. They loaned him the money for the rent. Jack worked extra hours in the month. He paid his rent and repaid his parents the next month.
My friend Riley asked for help dyeing their hair. I had never dyed someone else's hair, only my own. I agreed anyway, reasoning that it couldn't be all that hard. Riley picked out the colors and away I went! In the end it turned out very nice and I was proud.
Brett's was in the finals for baton twirling. He tossed the baton in the air. A glare came across his eye and lost focus for a second. He recovered his focus and caught the baton. He continued his twirling and won the competition.
Nancy decided to bake some zucchini bread for her friends. She enjoyed the serene day while she made a dozen loaves from scratch. Nancy's friends were delighted to receive their gifts of baked goods. They appreciate Nancy's favorite hobby. Nancy looks forward to autumn, when she'll start making pumpkin bread.
I have suffered from tinnitus from years. I generally don't notice it anymore. When I pay attention to it, it is quite annoying. Sometimes it grows in strength and I think a phone is ringing. Then my friends and family pity me.
Tim knew he was going to be late for class. His teacher was notorious for docking grades due to tardiness. The class was taking a mid-term exam worth half of their grade. Tim was exactly five minutes late for the exam. The teacher docked Tim's grade one point for every minute he was late.
Betty wasn't cleanly, as evident by the crumbs she left on the floor. In order to correct the behavior, Gln, her father, made her broom. She started downstairs and worked her way to the upstair rooms. He told her that this was to make her more considerate of others. From then on, Betty went out of her way to clean up after herself.
The glitter packets mixed right into the paint. I used two packets to make sure there was enough. I painted the wall and was disappointed because I didn't see sparkle. I waited until it dried, and used a damp rag to wipe it down. The sparkles came out and shone brilliantly.
My younger brother, Patrick, left for a leadership seminar. When he arrived, he felt alone in the crowd and out of place. But he didn't give up and so was singled out by the organizers. They saw potential in him and gave him individualized instruction! Now he's returning home excited about all he learned there.
Jake had been thinking a lot about getting his first tattoo. He knew he wanted something very meaningful. Jake finally decided on getting his favorite quote on his side. He really underestimated how painful it would be near his rib cage. When it was done, he couldn't wait to show it off to his friends.
I went to the store today to pick out the right hair color. I looked for about a half hour. I simply couldn't make a decision. Finally I picked a chocolate brown. It ended up looking great on me.
Tim was a police officer. He took his wife for a walk on his night off. A man approached them and demanded Tim's wallet! But Tim pulled his gun and apprehended the man. He was thankful for his police training!
Sara bought a very expensive cat. She couldn't wait to show it to her friends. But before she arrived home, the cat bit her. It scratched her face and hissed at her. Sara went back to the store to exchange the cat for a turtle.
Abby loved hiking in the outdoors. Abby recently discovered a new hiking trail in the nearby mountains. In addition, Abby learned that there were even camping grounds there. Abby decided she would hike the trail, and camp out as well. Abby could not wait to begin her latest hiking adventure.
I woke up early yesterday because I heard a dog barking. I went outside to look for the dog. I found him behind my neighbor's house. His collar was caught on the neighbor's fence. I untangled him from the fence and he ran away.
Charles went to visit his relatives in Greensboro Kansas. When he arrived, the news reported a tornado coming. The tornado was one of the harshest in the town's history. Schools, homes and hospitals were wiped out. Charles' relatives were homeless.
Amy was upset Kim liked her boyfriend. She accused her of being jealous. Kim denied it vehemently. They went back and forth for 15 minutes. Eventually, Amy hung up on Kim.
Jimmy was browsing the internet one day. His computer froze up. He was unable to click anything. Jimmy took his computer to the store. They were able to give him a replacement.
Kyle's school was having a big bowling party to start the year. He was very excited, which made it hard to focus on school work. The day finally arrived for the bowling party. Kyle's family went to the alley where all his friends were. Everyone had a great day bowling and seeing friends.
Don noticed there was a bad smell in the house. He smelled the smell everywhere he went. Don couldn't find the source of the smell. He finally checked the bottom of his shoes. Don had stepped in dog poop.
I do volunteer work for the Minnesota Bach Ensemble. I do research online for potential donors. In July I listed music teachers for high schools in Minneapolis. I did another list for St Paul in August. The MBE director thanked me for doing this.
Pierre moved to America when he was fourteen years old. He was very nervous about meeting friends in a brand new country. All of the students and teachers learned that Pierre spoke French. The French teacher even asked Pierre to present in class. Pierre was shy, but accepted, because he was proud of his heritage.
Ryan never liked cats. So when his sister bought a cat, he became annoyed. But the cat was quiet and passive. And it wasn't loud like his neighbor's dogs. Ryan learned to like cats.
I was at the office the other day talking to a friend. We were just making small talk. All of a sudden another guy walks over and just starts laughing. He tried to shoehorn his way into our conversation. It was embarrassing and we walked away.
Our two year old granddaughter is learning how to read. She loves the letter W. She wants the Sesame Street letter of the day to be W. One day the letter of the day was not W. She was very upset and started to cry.
Elliot is at school. He is eating lunch. Bullies come up and take his lunch. Elliot gets sad. Elliot starts to cry and runs home.
Nigel wanted a pair of Heelys. All of the cool kids had them. He begged his mom if she'd buy him a pair. She brought him home a pair. They weren't Heelys but they were the generic shoes with four wheels.
Jackson always wanted to be remembered for something. He didn't know how he could do this. One day, he chose to try and break a world record. He tried to break the record for the most onion eaten in 10 minutes. He only managed two before vomiting.
Julie felt a tingling on her ankle. A swarm of ants was swarming her legs! She tried to brush them off and run away. There were so many! She jumped into the lake and kept screaming!
Kate's friend Sue was out of town all summer. Kate missed talking to her friend. Finally Sue called and Kate was very excited to talk to her. But Sue spent the whole time talking about herself. The conversation wasn't as fun as Kate had hoped.
My brother in law was committing welfare fraud. He was claiming unemployment while working under the table. Someone turned him in. He had to pay some really large fines. Now he can never get welfare again.
Leonard had always loved going to the bowling alley. He never considered himself very good, but he thought it was fun. One day, he saw a flyer for a tournament that the alley was having. He didn't think he could win, but he decided to enter anyways. He ended up getting 5th place.
Tom was out with friends. He forgot his phone at home. When he got it again he noticed several missed calls. His family was worried about him. He called back and apologized.
Dan has been studying at the library all night. He starts to feel a little bit hungry. Finally Dan packs up his backpack and rides his bike home. It is a long, cold, hungry ride for Dan. He is happy to eat when he gets home.
Sue was excited to get her dream job. She felt like she'd made it as she took her first coffee break. In the break room, she put her last quarters in the vending machine. When she pressed the button, nothing came out. Sue was kicking the machine when her new boss walked past.
It was a really cold day outside. Jim was getting ready to go to work. He tried to open the door of his car to start it. It was frozen shut. Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle.
Bosch wanted to learn German. He enrolled in a class but he was unsuccessful. Bosh decided to move to Germany to immerse himself. In Germany, Bosch practiced with the locals. Eventually, Bosh became fluent in German.
The speaker collected the basket with everyone's names in it. She turned the spinning wheel to determine the prize. The arrow landed on an iPad. Afterwards, she picked a name out of the basket. My name was called and I walked across the stage to get it.
Shelly and Mark wanted a baby. Unfortunately, Shelly couldn't get pregnant. A friend suggested an adoption agency. They signed up with the agency and went through the program. They now have a baby girl.
Sara needed a new dress for the dance. She knew her family did not have much money. She searched everywhere to find one that was affordable. She finally found the perfect dress. When she went to buy it, it was even on sale.
I walked into a Costco. And a woman behind me tried to walk in without a Costco card. An employee at the door tried to stop her. But the woman yelled and cursed at her and continued to walk in. I left the store quickly as the event was frightening.
Mike was an athlete all of his life. After his football dreams were crushed he felt lost. A friend at work suggested he play softball. Mike was hesitant at first. He decided to play and was so glad he did.
Darrell had never changed a diaper. That was an issue because he was babysitting his nephew. He was scared of the whole process. Darrell asked a friend for some advice. Darrell successfully learned how to change a diaper.
A cool guy named Josh had spoken to Gina. In class she told her friend Tami all about it. She shared her growing crush on him. But it turned out Tami had a crush on Josh as well. Gina hadn't even considered Tami may have a crush on him too.
Denise was driving home from work. She absentmindedly looked out her window. She saw her coworker driving next to her. Denise honked her horn to catch her coworker's attention. Denise's coworker noticed her and waved happily.
My uncle owns a lake house. He invited us to go out last weekend. Everyone had a fun time playing on the boat and grilling out. I got a bit too sunburn. Other than that it was a great time with good people.
Maria worked as a forensic technician for the local police. She often saw things that would bother most, but for her never did. Three Years in she saw one of her best friends mutilated. She broke down for the first time during her job. Afterwards it became too hard for her to work, and she became recluse.
My former coworker became a fitness trainer. She lost a lot of friends to drugs. Last week she posted on Facebook that she was in a benefit run. Funds were to go to addiction treatment. I donated $25.
Elvis had a cat that loved to chase flies. He never caught them. After years of chasing flies around the house the cat finally got one. It had no idea what to do with it after it caught the fly. So it let it go and tried to catch it again.
Tom was doing laundry. He noticed something when he got it out of the dryer. ONe of his socks was missing. Tom thought the dryer ate it up. He later found it in the washing machine.
As a kid I once entered the kitchen while my mom was making cookies. I was intoxicated by the smell of the baking cookies. My mom told me she had to leave but I better not eat the cookies. I lost all will power, eating the cookies in a huff. I got grounded for a week for indulging in that pleasure.
Jill wanted some privacy. She put a fence up around her property. Her nosy neighbors couldn't see over the fence. Jill sat in her backyard in her bikini. She liked that no one could see what she was doing.
Matt bought a new mop. He brought the mop home. He tried out his mop on the kitchen floor. The floor took an hour to clean but it got cleaned. This was the best mop Matt has ever bought.
Amy wanted to try a Funnel cake for the first time. She watched the woman swirl the batter into the grease. She thought to herself it wasn't what she expected. When it was handed to her she nervously ate a piece. Her face lit up as she realized she liked it.
Adam was a kid who really loved snakes. He begged his parents for a pet snake but it was illegal in his area. Adam's parents decided to surprise him for his birthday. They took Adam to a special reptile show. At the show Adam was allowed to actually handle real live snakes!
Timon loved to play hopscotch. None of the neighborhood girls let him play. Timon bought some chalk and went outside one night. The next morning, the neighborhood awoke to a surprise. Timon had drawn a giant hopscotch square on the street.
Sam ate a banana every morning before work. One day, he noticed his banana had the words Eat Me written on it. Sam was baffled as to how these words had appeared. That night, Sam's wife laughed and told him she wrote the words. Sam felt silly for not figuring out her joke.
Robin wanted more out of life. She was bored every day. She decided to take a big risk and take skydiving classes. Soon after the classes, she went up in the plane to go skydiving. She jumped out of the plane and had a very successful skydive.
Nell's family visited a big mall to see Santa and the decorations. When they came to an escalator, Nell panicked. She thought she would be ground up by the metal conveyor. A crowd formed behind Nell as her parents coaxed her to get on. Suddenly, a stranger lifted Nell onto the escalator and up she went.
I have the greatest wife in the world! She had the day off work today and she sure was productive. She cleaned the entire house, washed the car, and prepared dinner. When I came home from work I was shocked. I'll have to get her a gift as a thank you!
Ed was called for jury duty. He was unhappy. He would have to miss work for over a week. Then he went downtown and got good news. They had already picked a full jury and did not need Ed!
The kids practiced with their dog a lot. They were going to show it in the 4H fair. Soon it learned a lot of commands. It performed very well at the fair. They earned a blue ribbon!
My parents enjoy going to the casino. When I turned 21 they took me with them. I had no luck with the slot machines or betting on the races. My parents made out pretty well and each won a nice sum. Ever since I leave the gambling to my parents.
Ken really messed up his leg. He had a competition coming up, the nationals. He decided to work through the pain. He ended up winning the competition. Unfortunately, his doctor told him he would never play again.
Grace never wanted to leave the country but she had to. She could no longer afford to live so far from work. She moved closer to work and saved money but was never happy. She decided to find a smaller house in the country. She finally found one and was the happiest she'd ever been.
Rameel was an Uber driver. A man he drove before had been very rude to him. The next time he saw him, he refused to drive him. The man cursed Rameel, and Rameel filmed it. The video went viral, and the man was mocked on social media.
Julia was trying to put her hair in a bun. No matter what she did she couldn't seem to get it right. She scoured the internet for some useful advice. Nothing seemed to work until finally she spotted something. Using a trick from a video, she finally managed to make her bun.
Louise was about to get married. She was all dressed and waiting for the music to start. Suddenly she began to feel incredibly nervous. Luckily, her bridesmaid noticed and came to comfort her. With a little pep talk, Louise new she was just being silly.
Eric was supposed to walk to school. When he left the house he saw that it was very foggy. He couldn't even see two feet in front of him. He walked very cautiously so he wouldn't slip or fall. Soon enough, he made it to his school.
Jennifer was exploring a new city. She needed excitement in her life. She was trying to find the Concert in the city. Her gps had her turning down back alleys and roads. Jennifer pulled over and cried because she was lost in the city.
Tammy rode her bike. She crossed an intersection. She was hit halfway through. The truck didn't stop to help her. She went to the hospital.
Someone knocked on Tanya's door. She talked the the door and opened it. It was her best friend who came from another country. Before saying anything, she dropped her bag. She went to the fridge to fix a snack.
Kelly loved going to the lake. She would go all the time. Yet unfortunately this trip was different. Her sister couldn't go. Kelly then was upset.
Wendy is in the fifth grade. She takes pride in her schoolwork. Wendy got an unsatisfactory mark on one of her recent spelling tests. Wendy studied hard for her next spelling test. She received an exemplary mark, and is determined to never slip again.
Theodore was staying at a hotel in Las Vegas. The hotel in question had a wave pool. Theodore brought his boogie board down to the pool area. The wave pool was too crowded to enjoy the swells. The swells never actually turned into waves anyway.
Dan was fishing in remote woods when he stumbled on a bee hive. Sharp stabs in his arm and leg were evidence he'd been stung. Unable to remove the stingers, he swelled up and got short of breath. Dan stumbled a mile through the woods to the nearest Aid Station. Fortunately, the nurse administered a Depo-Medrol injection in time.
Joe needed new cups. His kids had broken so many. So Joe went to the store to buy new ones. He found nice glass ones but decided to get plastic ones. He took them home and put them in his cabinet.
Miranda really wanted a tattoo. Finally she was old enough to get one. She decided to get one of a star. As soon as she sat down, she flinched. Miranda started wondering whether she made the right decision.
Ginger took her son to the park one day. When they got there they found a dog. They have been wanting a dog so finding the dog made them happy. But when they started petting the dog they noticed something alarming. The dog was badly infested with fleas and bleeding bites on his skin.
For Valentine's Day, my husband surprised me with a new puppy. She was an eight week old fawn pug. She was short and pudgy, and loved running around the room. She begged for a piece of pumpkin pie when I first met her. Because of this, I named her Pumpkin.
Neil was in the Orkney Islands, sightseeing. Then he saw on his map that other islands were nearby. He chartered a boat to see the Hebrides islands. He found them even more remote and wonderful. The Hebrides became Neil's new favorite islands!
Kristin was hungry for cheese. She went to the cheese shop down the road. She bought some brie and asiago cheese. She ate them with crackers. They were delicious!
Red was making dinner for his family. He did not know what to cook! He tried making pizza. The pizza burned in the oven! He ordered Chinese and everyone was happy!
Stacey wanted a new tattoo. She begged her parents for one but they said no. But she decided to get one anyway. When she got it though she regretted it. Her parents ended up being right.
Annie needed to lose weight. Her sister would walk in the park every morning. Annie started to walk with her sister. She slowly started to lose the weight. Annie felt better.
Jon's house was dirty. He wanted to clean it. But, he was feeling lazy. He decided to do just one thing. He cleaned the floor until it was spotless.
Jill wanted a hot pink bicycle for her seventh birthday. She told her parents but they acted like they weren't getting it. So when it was time to open presents she didn't expect to get a bike. She was so surprised when her father rolled a bike into the room. It was the exact one she wanted, with a big yellow bow on it.
Randy was walking around his apartment at night. He didn't want to turn on any lights. He accidentally stubbed his toe on an end table. The next morning it was really swollen and hurt. Randy was told it was broken by the doctor.
Reagan woke up at six in the morning. He got ready for work. He spent less time than he anticipated. He decided to stop for a treat on his way to work. He bought himself an iced coffee.
Rena had a major sweet tooth. She wanted to eat some candy. But her candy jar was empty. So instead she baked some brownies. Her sweet tooth was satisfied after eating half the pan of brownies!
Ricky was on a road trip. He was suppose to visit his friend in another city. He was on the highway when he car stalled. He was out of gas! Ricky had to push his car for 20 minutes to the nearest gas station.
Val saw Ali enter the museum. She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby. She followed Ali wherever she went. She saw the look of annoyance on Ali's friends face. Val was pleased her plan to ruin Ali's day was working.
Sammy was doing sit-ups. He felt a sharp pain in his abdomen. He was having a cramp on his sides. He grasped his stomach while rolling on the ground. The cramp went away after 5 minutes.
Keith was a good christian man. He was blessed to have his job. He was driving home from work. He saw a group of homeless men on the street. He bought them some hot food and fed them.
Daniella was making a painting. She reached over to grab a brush and her arm hit a jar. The jar fell over and paint spilled everywhere. Her painting was ruined. Instead, Daniella decided to make the spill a part of the art.
For years, I thought I knew how to use chopsticks. But when I watched a tutorial, I learned I was wrong. I tried practicing using chop sticks the correct way. It was difficult at first. But the correct way was more useful in the end.
Ted has an English test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. When he got to school he was ready. Ted made an A on his test.
Jenny's teacher wrote a word on the blackboard. She asked who knew the parts of the compound word. Wanting to show off, Jenny waved her hand in the air. She proudly said the parts of the word were Now and Here. The class laughed because the word on the board was Nowhere.
Julie had just made a pot of coffee. She knew it was hot. She took a sip anyway not thinking. Julie burnt the top of her mouth and tongue. Now she is careful about waiting before drinking her coffee.
Emma woke up and noticed something on her window. It was a doodle of a pirate. She couldn't figure out who had put it there. She asked around and no one would claim it. Finally, her friend called and admitted that she had done it.
Brian was addicted to soda. He drank at least 10 cans a day. At the end of the month he had 9 bags full of empty cans. He took them to the recycling center. He made enough money to buy another week's worth of soda.
Julie desperately wanted to join the cheerleading squad. She was the first in line to sign up for tryouts. That afternoon, the competition proved to be stiff. Julie secretly worried that her performance wasn't good enough. Despite her doubts, however, she was awarded a spot on the team.
Micah wanted to do better in math class. He began going to the after school math tutoring program. He also spent more time on his homework. Slowly he began to understand the work. Soon Micah had improved his math grades!
Kate was cleaning the house. She had just mopped the floor. Her son came running through the room. He slipped on the wet floor. Kate's son broke his arm on the wet floor.
Hailey had an appointment. She needed to see a counselor. She checked in at a front desk. Then, she went into her counselor's office. They spent an hour talking.
Tom moved into a new apartment. He noticed the walls were bare. He wanted to decorate. He bought posters. He decorated his apartment with the posters.
We went to a wedding in 2010. The daughter of rich friends was getting married. The father is very uncultured. I noticed they misspelled Pachelbel's Canon as Canon. I smiled inwardly.
Ted and Frank went on a fishing trip together. Ted caught over a dozen large bass and Frank caught nothing. Ted knew that Frank wanted to bring some fish home to his family. He gave all of the fish he caught to Frank who was glad to have them. After the trip Frank invited Ted to have dinner with his family.
Kate was starting college. She was so nervous about her first day. She had her schedule and her books. On her first day, she followed her schedule. However, she mixed up her times and went to the wrong class.
My cousins were playing on the grass in front of my house. I highly warned them to get out since the grass had pesticides. They still didn't listen. During the next day, they overslept. I eventually found out that they caught poisoning.
Jerry wanted to do stand-up at an open mic night. He was very nervous backstage, reviewing his prepared jokes. Once he got out on stage, he flourished. The crowd loved him. Jerry was happy with his performance and decided to continue comedy.
I bought a red leather sofa sectional last month. I paid $500 to purchase it from an elderly gentleman over a weekend. I picked it up using my minivan, with the seats in the back removed. I had to take it home in two separate sections because it didn't fit. When I got it home, it took up a large portion of the living room.
Jeremy had wanted to learn archery since he was a small child. When he turned 12, his parents decided he could have lessons. He dreamed of going to the lesson and making a bulls eye! Unfortunately, none of his arrows even hit the target. Though Jeremy wasn't very good yet, he was determined to keep at it.
Eliza needed a new dress for a party. She went to a department store and looks at their dresses. Eliza finds a purple dress that would look great for the party. The store does not have the dress in Eliza's size. Eliza is sad that she will have to keep looking for another dress.
Kara had to read five chapters for English class by the morning. She knew she had procrastinated too long. She stayed up as long as possible reading. She read four chapters at night and one in the morning. But she vowed never to wait that long again!
I started using the monkey emoji with one of my best friends. One day she said something that was embarrassing, and sent the emoji. I thought it was cute, so it became a habit between us. Now, whenever someone says something scary or shameful, we use it. Every day, we use the emoji at least once between us.
Nancy wanted to start a garden. She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil. Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden. Before she knew it she had a variety of fresh produce. Nancy loved cooking with the results of her hard work.
My neighborhood is full of old trees. One of them fell onto a house. It caused a lot of damage. The city had to come chop down a lot of trees. It was very sad to see the trees get taken down.
My friend's 7th grade daughter finished her summer reading. She has to write a report. Her father told her to finish it last week. She did not finish the report. He did not discipline her.
I decided to eat some poached eggs. I boiled the water and dropped the eggs in. Alas, the eggs became watery and split. I realized I forgot the vinegar. I tried again and it was a success!
Heather had to make dinner for her family. She was hungry as well, but it was very hot inside the house. The temperature outside was very hot and humid. Heather didn't want to cook too much because of the weather. She decided she was going to cook something simply, like hot dogs.
Sasha was being bullied at school by a bigger girl. The girl was tripping her in the hall whenever she passed. Eventually Sasha got mad and pushed the bully when she tripped her. The teachers came and took them too the office. Both of them were given detention for fighting.
The kids loved sugar. They were eating a giant lollipop. They finished it off in about an hour. Then they ran around the house screaming. Their mom knew they shouldn't have had that much sugar!
Jane was cleaning her boyfriend's room. She was going to throw away some old shoes. He told her not to. He had them for many years. Jane understood that they held sentimental value.
Herbert had missed his flight to Georgia. He had to arrange to take a train. He had never rode on a train before. He handed the porter his ticket to board the train. Herbert ended up enjoying the train ride.
Constance travelled to Italy to be with her lover Francisco. When she arrived, Francisco was acting sheepish. She checked his phone and saw he had been texting another girl. Constance cried on the plane back home. Once back in the US, she deleted all trace of Francisco.
Tim was at the beach. He was playing around in his sandals. They broke in the middle of it. Tim had to get them replaced. He bought a new pair at a nearby store.
Today was the first time Dan had ever gotten to play in a game. He was on the school basketball team, but he was not very good. However, today he had been given his chance! With only 30 seconds left in the game, Dan had the ball in his hands. He threw up a shot, and unbelievably, it went in!
Tim drove home drunk one night. He struck his neighbor's dog. The dog died from his injuries. The next morning, Tim found out what he had done. He felt wracked with guilt over his actions.
Dan was getting ready to start his work day from home. As Dan sat down, he realized his computer would not turn on. Dan realized he would have to get his computer repaired. Dan called a local computer repairman, but he couldn't come until 5pm. Dan was not pleased with the wait to get his computer repaired.
Deborah was on her high school's swimming team. She practiced every day of the week. She even practiced on days that her team went home. She did this because she did not have much natural agility. She improved and ultimately scored admirably at a swim meet.
Tina tried texting her friend Lucy. She wanted to hand with her. But Lucy ignored her. Tina thought she was being rude. So she decided to end the friendship.
Hal worked hard in school all year. He wanted to graduate with honors. He knew how impressed his family would be. He wanted to make them proud. He was able to do so
Adam was in a band with his friends. They practiced in Adam's parents garage. Adam's father noticed several tools missing. He blamed it on the boys in the band. Adam's band wasn't allowed to practice in the garage anymore.
Dustin couldn't get over his firing from work. He drank a lot and became distant. Then his wife told him that he needed to get it together. He found a job again and stopped drinking. Dustin is now back on track because of his wife.
It is easy to make chocolate syrup from scratch. It takes about five minutes to make. It is also much cheaper than pre-packaged. My family has been spoiled by homemade food. Now they will barely eat the store-bought syrup!
Geoffrey was a very timid boy in the 5th grade. His teacher often made fun of him and his classmates were very mean. One day his teacher asked a very nasty question in front of the class. Geoffrey was embarrassed but then made a joke about the teacher. The whole class erupted in laughter and Geoffrey was their new hero.
Matt wanted to get in shape He decided to pay for a coach. He works out with the coach for a month. He ended up losing 20 pounds. He was happy with it
Jack had football tickets. He was excited and had been looking forward to this game. The weather forecast predicted rain. Jack got to the game and it was rained out. He was not happy about wasting his money.
A young boy always dreamed of seeing a shooting star. But the young boy lived in a city filled with light pollution. The young boy asked his parents if they could drive out to the country. The young boy's parents drove him out into the countryside. As night fell the young boy finally saw a shooting star.
Claude has always wondered if he would look good with a leather jacket He decides he needs to buy one to see. After months of looking, Claude finds the perfect jacket. He looks great in his new leather. Claude is so happy that he looks great in a leather jacket.
I was eating at taco bell. The food was great, but my stomach started to act up. I went to the bathroom to throw up. After throwing up, I felt much better. I went back to eat more food at taco bell.
Tammy had always thought fencing too challenging to pursue. Because she wanted to push her boundaries, she started learning it. Her instructor was patient and helped her develop power and finesse. Tammy dedicated herself to it and improved with all her practice. She ended up loving the sport for the rest of her life.
Jake found a rabbit in his backyard. He asked his mom is he could keep it. She said that having a pet is a lot of work. Jake agreed to take special care of it. She agreed and Jake was extremely happy.
Dave was on his way to work when he noticed a lane closure ahead. Soon Dave found himself stuck in heavy traffic. He called his boss to say he'd be late, but his boss wasn't happy. Dave had to get to work or he feared he would lose his job. Suddenly the traffic let up and Dave made it to work just in time.
Eric wanted to plan something special for his first date with Kelly. Kelly's friend told Eric that she loved going out for brunch. He called for a reservation at a popular brunch restaurant. They had a pleasant first date and both ate pancakes. Unfortunately, Kelly decided not to see Eric for a second date.
Barry worked in construction. A piece of metal hit his eye. He went to the hospital. They put him under. They fixed his eye.
Kyla decided to make French toast for her family. As she was cooking, she knocked the sugar over. She scooped out as much as she could. Luckily her family ate it anyway. When Kyla tasted it, it was disgusting.
Timmy was sad upon moving to a new neighborhood. He had a hard time making friends. His mom invited some friends from the old neighborhood to visit. They played in the park, and met some new friends, too. Now Timmy had a lot of friends to play with, and he felt much better.
Jill planned a vacation to Senegal. In Senegal the people speak French. Jill wanted to learn French before going on vacation. She bought books and hired a tutor to teach her. Jill went on vacation and was  able to communicate with the people.
Mary bought a ticket to see the new Star Wars movie. She was so excited she peed her pants! By the time she changed, it was too late to see the opening. Mary was able to catch the next show. She thought it was everything it was hyped to be.
Georgina was in a loveless marriage. She decided to have an affair with her coworker. Georgina then realized the co worker looked very similar to her husband. She told her husband she was cheating on him. He didn't mind because he saw her boyfriend looked like him.
Last night my friend had a birthday party. We all hung out and drank. It was a lot of fun and we stayed up late. Now I have a hangover. I slept through my alarm and I'm late for class.
Alexander was an airplane pilot. It was his first time flying a commercial plane for a large airline. He was very nervous, but he tried his best to calm down. He ran into turbulence on his flight, but he managed to bypass it. He delivered all the passengers to their destination safely.
Today we went to visit a friend. She lives an hour's' drive away. She showed us her chickens while we were there. She also made us peppermint tea! It rained very hard on our way home.
Kate was chosen to be in the school play. She came down with the flu a week before the play. Kate was worried she would miss the play. She went to the doctor and got a shot. Kate was better in time for the play.
Brett is loosing his hair early, he's in his twenties. He is embarrassed and is considering his options. He doesn't have enough money for hair transplants. He doesn't want to wear a wig at all. He decided to shave his head and embrace it.
I had a black lab once. He was a good dog. I played with him every day. He had a good long life of 13 years. Then one day he died peacefully in his sleep.
Betty Babaganoush ran a small liquor store. She dreamed of something just a little bit more. Her dream was to run a department store. Unfortunately, she was dragged down by daily chores. Now her life's forever a bore.
I was hiking at a campground. I decided to build a fire. I found a campfire pit. I added some twigs for kindling to the logs in the pit. I lit the kindling with a match to get the fire going.
Erin was bored at home watching TV. The television he was using burned out suddenly. Erin was missing his favorite show, so he drove to the store. At the store, he looked for a good TV and bought it. When he got home, he realized that he had missed his favorite show.
Alexa and her husband tried to conceive a baby. After a few months, Alexa became pregnant. However, the baby was a boy. Alexa wanted a girl. Alexa decided to abort the baby and try again.
Lenny was desperately looking for work. He finally got a job interview lined up. He arrived at the place early. Finally, he went in for an interview. Unfortunately, he saw quickly that it was a scam and had to leave.
My friend Fred has a large pool in his backyard. On Thursday, he closed the pool down for the year. On Friday, the temperature went into the 90s. Fred was amused and posted the temperature and pool on FB. His post got a lot of likes.
Jimmy loved bowling because his dad would take him. Over the course of a few years he is now a very good bowler. He is on the school team and at practice when it happened. He was bowling really well and ended up getting a 300. Jimmy and his dad were so happy!
Today was Mandy's birthday. She knew her family had planned a party for her. She went to their house and wore her favorite red dress. All her friends and family were there and she was very happy. Mandy had a very happy birthday thanks to her family and friends!
John and a buddy were walking past a storefront, chatting. John noticed a one hundred dollar bill lying on the concrete. John took it into the store, presenting it to the clerk. Suddenly, a camera man appeared. It was a hidden camera character test, and John passed!
Jack was a fast runner, but Bob thought he was faster. One day the boys decided to have a race to find out. They both trained hard. On race day, Bob hurt his ankle and could not race. The race was cancelled.
Ray went to a garage sale and bought a lot of stuff. He took it home and put it in his own garage. All of the stuff in his garage looked overwhelming to Ray. Ray decided that he should have his own garage sale. He went inside and began to plan his upcoming sale.
A man was learning to play the trumpet. He was only able to figure out how to play two notes. He used the two notes to create a song. The song was not great but he was proud of it. He played the song for his friends and they clapped for him.
Little Jill was a three year old beauty queen. She was very good at walking and smiling for the judges. This week it was different, she would have to sing. The day of the show Jill looked beautiful. Too bad butterflies in her tummy flew away with the words to the song.
Tony and his dad were pumped. They had just scored tickets to an NFL game. They were both big Cleveland Browns fans. The tickets were right on the 50 yard line. They loved every second of it and the Browns won too.
George wanted to become President. He collected campaign donations. He talked to all the important people. He bought ad in the newspapers and on TV. But he didn't even make it to the primaries.
Amy had worked for months on her Master's thesis. She presented and defended her thesis for her committee. She left the room as the committee decided whether to pass her. Others had expressed confidence in her, but Amy was still nervous. Amy was elated when the committee informed her she had passed.
Target was having a sale and with a coupon jeans were $10. Kim went to Target specifically to get a pair of jeans. She got the things she needed for the house and checked out. At home she realized she didn't get any jeans. She was sad when she realized the coupon expired that day.
Scotty has a big test coming up. He decides to hang with his friends. He does not study for the test. He takes the test. He fails the test.
My sister in law hasn't had a license in 10 years. She drives around all the time anyway. Last week the police stopped her for speeding. She ended up going to jail. Her father did as well, for letting her drive his car for so long.
Uma brought a big bouquet of flowers to work. She handed them to Marcus, who was very surprised. Uma confessed she had a crush on Marcus since her first day at work. Marcus half smiled and thanked her, but told her he was married. Uma then finally noticed his wedding ring, and was embarrased.
Tim loved to go fishing. He found a spot near a lake where the bass were huge. He fished there for many years before they fenced it off. He decided to jump the fence one day after avoiding it many times. Tim didn't know the fence was electric and he received a large shock.
Tom bought land out in the country. He decided to build a farmhouse. During the digging up for foundation they made a discovery. It was old money buried for safekeeping. Tom made a good profit off of it.
A poor man was nervous at hollywood party. He went up to a famous person and asked a question. He asked about who the famous person would like to meet. This opened up a topic for conversation as the answer as unique. They had a great conversation and the poor man was not nervous again.
Bailey heard a scratching at her door. She opened it to find a very cute dog! She brought it inside and gave it food and water. He made himself at home. She decided to keep him.
Yesterday my favorite baseball team made some changes. They traded out one of my favorite pitchers. I sat there stunned that they would make such a move. I read all the news about it. I was very unhappy that he had been traded.
John and Sally went camping. The temperature was very low. Sally asked John to start a fire. John began starting a fire. John successfully started a fire.
Tom was invited to hang out with friends. They wanted to skip school and watch a movie. Tom was afraid of getting in trouble. He declined their invitation. Tom's friends understood his views.
Gina's mom had been slowly packing her mother's things. They were taking her to Minnesota with them. Gina helped her every once in awhile. Today she had nothing else to do. She decided to spend 3 hours helping with the packing.
Charles dropped his car off at his mechanic's shop. His mechanic fixed his car and charged Charles a thousand dollars. Charles couldn't pay the bill and had to forfeit his car. Charles sued his mechanic because his prices were too high. The court found out Charles' mechanic marked up prices on parts.
Jessica and Mark had just bought their first home. They were away for the weekend on a vacation when a fire broke out. When they arrived home, they found all of their belongings scorched. They had lost everything, but luckily their community stepped in. In no time at all, they had replaced a good deal of their things.
Alex knew he was a good singer. He posted several videos of himself singing online. Soon the videos got lots of views. Then, a music producer emailed him offering a contract. Alex was excited that he was offered such a great opportunity.
Rob had had a very long day. He decided to take a hot bath. It was relaxing and made his muscles feel great. Rob was instantly in a better mood. Baths were Rob's new favorite way to relax.
When I was eleven I snuck into the movies. I wanted to see a rated R horror movie and I wasn't allowed. I watched the whole movie with wide eyes and pure joy. I realized why I wasn't allowed to watch it that night. I ended sleeping on my mom's floor for two weeks.
George was afraid of heights. He wanted to face his fear. One day he went sky diving. The whole experience was life changing. George felt better for having skydived despite his fear.
Ricky was an expert in trading stock futures. He was nervous about the market turmoil currently. He decided to be short the market because he sensed trouble. To his delight he was correct and the market crashed, Ricky couldn't have been happier as he made a lot of money.
Kal prided himself as being the region's best adjustment clerk. One day, a customer wanted him to help appraise something. Kal went out to their house to see what he could do. They wanted him to estimate the replacement cost of their dead mother. Kal referred the whole family to a good therapist he knew.
Penny was a nine-year-old who loved cooking. She pretended she was the star of a cooking show. Penny mixed up some soup in a pan. She put the pan in the microwave. The metal started a fire and the smoke detector went off!
Amy wanted to quit her job. She liked the job, but there weren't enough hours. One day her boss told her the employee discount increased by 10%. Amy was happy to hear she would save more money. This didn't make up for the lack of hours, but it was close.
It is midday on a summer afternoon. The park should be full of people. It was strangely empty and quiet. I realized the problem. It was too hot!
Lou was afraid of heights. But he had to fix the tiles on his roof because they were leaking! Then he thought of a great solution. He hired a neighborhood boy to fix the tiles for him. His roof was fixed and Lou never left the ground!
My sister and I was waiting in line at a haunted house. I was scared and nervous. My sister made fun of me and tease me. It was finally our turn and we walked inside. However, there was nothing to be scared of because it was lame.
Tom was doing laundry. He noticed an arcade across the street. He went over to kill a bit of time. Before he knew it he spent all his quarters. Tom wasn't able to finish doing laundry.
I was cooking lunch. I had spaghetti in a pot. My hand touched the hot pot. The pot burned my hand. I put burn gel on my hand.
Charles laughed at his friends for going to jail. He thought he'd be a scientist, not a prison inmate. But, when he saw his x-girlfriend with another guy, he lost his cool. Charles chased them in his car. His girlfriend called the police and Charles was arresting.
Matt has been at his job for over 30 years. He loves what he does and likes going to work. He has some really great co-workers. He has a long list of accomplishments over the years. Matt decides he has earned his way to retirement.
Needing money, Joan got a job as a waitress. She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers. Joan determined to give every customer the same great service. Soon, she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips. Joan decided it was time to start competing like the other girls.
Last night Tamar and her friends were having a good time. The girls were drinking some wine at the restaurant. To her surprise however, Tamar's glass was broken. She looked down and saw her hands were cut. Tamra immediately had to get a band aid.
Sandra surprised her friend with tickets to a concert. They left two hours before it was going to start. When they arrived, they bought a drink and looked for their seats. They chatted as they waited for the music to start. When the band began playing, they danced to the music.
Martha is going camping. She has never been before. She is going with her husband. They get to the camp and set up the tent. Martha enjoys her time camping.
Both football teams were undefeated in the season. It was the Packers against the broncos. The Broncos got a big lead early. The Packers were really struggling. The Broncos won 34-10.
Jazz's family was driving on the highway. Suddenly they came upon a car crash on the road. There were car parts and random belongings everywhere. Jazz's parents decided to stop. They all helped to pick up the things and help any people.
Tj heard about the water crisis in Michigan. He has three kids who he loves dearly. Tj was curious about his own water. He bought a water testing kit to see if their water was clean. Tj was relieved to see that his water was clean.
Tom and Harry went on a lavish vacation together. They visited the Bahamas. Tom wanted to rent a jet ski. Tom rented a jet ski. Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski.
Amy put candy in her mom shopping cart without asking. She realized her mom would find it when putting away groceries. She tried to find the candy while her mother drove. Amy couldn't find the bag with the candy in it. She realized the bag must have been in the trunk.
With two hours left on the shift, Marcus stood up and quit. He told the boss he wanted better duties but didn't get them. After two weeks of no work, Marcus called his ex-boss to come back. She said write a letter explaining why he should be allowed back? Then she said no to his rehire because he quit without notice.
Steven had a date with a girl named Nancy. Steven's mother allowed him to borrow her car. He drove to Nancy's house to pick her up. On the way to her house he crashed the car. Steven's mother never let Steven borrow her car again.
Tim started yoga to get more flexible. He didn't realize which class he signed up for. Tim accidentally picked the advanced one. He tried stretching too hard and hurt himself. He didn't return to that class.
Jake was walking home from school. He had to walk across the street. As he was crossing a car come out of nowhere. The car luckily stopped in time. Jake ran home he was fine but frightened.
Even though I am an adult, I still like cartoons. I have always watched cartoons for as long as I can remember. I've learned a lot from some of the cartoons that I watch too. Even if the cartoon isn't educational by nature, it can still teach. The same can be said for a lot of television though.
The dog whined. He kept pawing at his bowl. His owner noticed it was empty. The owner poured food in. The dog gobbled it up.
Kelly and Fred got married yesterday. The two were overjoyed. This morning however, Kelly found a surprise. She was pregnant! Kelly immediately told free and he was thrilled.
Maggie refused to play with her antique tea set. It was a very fragile tea set. She worried it might fall apart. Maggie soon had a change of heart. She invited her friends over to play with the tea set.
Molly was from a very poor background. She aimed to be as rich as possible in life, to help her family. At the age of 23, Molly got her qualification to be a lawyer. She started making a lot of money for her family. Though, she no longer had time for them as she was so busy.
Dana wanted a baby girl to dress up and dote on. But she and her husband had had four boys! Finally she gave up and had her tubes tied. But to her shock, she became pregnant anyways! They kept the baby - and finally got their little girl!
Tom was on a date. He took his girlfriend on a hot air balloon ride. Tom proposed in the middle of it. His girlfriend was happily surprised. She excitedly said yes.
Tim and his sisters got excited because it was county fair time. They raced over to the fairgrounds early in the afternoon. They spent several hours riding the assortment of rides. Later that night, they watched fireworks and ate candy apples. Then, exhausted, they all headed home after a great day.
Frank's favorite food is french fries. He loves them so much that he always has to order them. One day he heard of a restaurant that had homemade fries. Frank knew he had to try them so he went to the place. As soon as he tried them he knew they were the best fries he ever had.
Jennifer was coming home from work. She was ready to relax after a stressful day. She comes home to a messy house and bad children. She loses her cool and screams at her children. She later apologizes and cleans the house.
Gina was in her new room. After arranging everything she had nothing left to do. She finally had the peace and quiet she always wanted. She grabbed a book she'd already read off the shelf. She lay in her bed for hours and read alone.
Liv wanted to learn karate. She signed up for lessons. At first, the class was difficult and confusing. But Liv kept practicing and didn't give up. Soon, she was the best student in the class!
My dog Linus is a cute beagle. Six years ago my husband found him in the desert of Arizona. The vet thought he had been out in the desert for 2 weeks. He had cactus thorns in his face and in his paws. My husband took him home and he is now our best friend!
I wanted to learn to ride a motorcycle. My husband took me out to an empty parking lot. I got on the bike and rode around a bit. I came to a stop sign in the lot and hit the gas too hard. I wound up in the grass with the bike on top of me!
An old lady tried walking across the street. A truck was driving toward her. Since he was adjusting his music, he didn't notice her. Ben ran as quickly as he ran. He pulled the lady out of the road before she got hit.
Kacy was checking her student's homework. One of the student's had forgotten to do the backside of a sheet. Kacy gave the paper back to the student. She told the student to complete the work. The student turned in the work the next day.
When Alex was six he dreamed of being an Astronaut. Now at twenty seven he just sits in an office cubicle all day. His only wish is for Nasa to call. Instead another wasted day spent daydreaming. Until the clock strikes five and it's time to go home.
Ken went on a safari in Africa. He got up close to several animals. It was scary at times. Ken got to see several exotic lands. He treasured the moments and took pictures.
We decided to cut cable because we never watch it. It was something we talked about for awhile. But we decided we only watch Netflix and Hulu. So we told the cable company and they removed it from our package. Now our monthly bill is so much less.
Judy loved every kind of soda. She didn't care what brand it was as long as it had caffeine. One day her doctor told her she needed to cut back on the drinks. It was very hard on Judy at first but she persevered. Eventually she gave up drinking soda completely.
Owens had always enjoyed driving. But one day, he began texting while driving. This made Owens a much worse driver. Then one day, Owens got a ticket from a police officer. Now, Owens does not text and drive.
Jake was getting a new haircut. He asked for a specific style. When done jake wasn't happy with his cut. He didn't think the stylist listened to him. Jake wound up not leaving a tip.
Justin was watching his two sons. He realized that they were being awfully quiet. He went to investigate. Then he saw that the formula had been opened and spilled everywhere. He was really upset and he cleaned it up.
Ed told his friends that he needed some new music to listen to. His buddy offered him a new CD. He told Ed that the music was great and Ed would love it. Ed took it home and put it in his radio to check it out. He found that his friend was right and he did love the CD!
David sat down on the couch after a long hard day of work. He tried to switch on the TV but nothing happened. David called up the company and complained. The next day the repairman didn't arrive. David ended up paying $100 for a new TV instead.
Fred washed the neighborhoods laundry. One day Susan came by with all her bed sheets. Fred said he'd be happy to wash them but he'd need extra recompense. She refused and Fred gave in and took them anyway. When she got her linens back they were full of holes.
Andres had worked his way through his company for years. Andres had recently been promoted to manager. Andres reported for his first day as manager. Andres first day was absolutely busy. Andres loved his new position as manager.
Like most people, Jeff never thought twice about walking under trees. As he got to work last Monday, he walked beneath a tree full of birds. Suddenly, a large pile of bird poop landed on his shirt. Jeff was an hour late for work because he had to go home and change. From now on, he will probably walk around the bird-filled trees.
Jay was having a good game at the bowling alley. He was two frames in and had rolled two strikes. On his third throw it crashed into the pins and they all fell. The display screen declared that he rolled a turkey. Jay wasn't sure what what meant but he was happy.
Sydney is playing a prank. She decides to cut her friend hair in her sleep. Her friend woke up the next day. She cried and sobbed all day. Sydney had clearly crossed the line.
Judy is cooking. Judy leaves the stove to attend to her children. The stove catches on fire. The fire spreads throughout the entire house. Judy gets out of the house with her kids to watch it burn down.
Jasmine and her family walked into the shop. She was very excited. This place had the best doughnuts in town. They got to the counter and ordered. They got their doughnuts and ate, they were amazing Jasmine thought.
When Eric passed away he left his coin collection to his grandson Dan. Dan saved the collection and looked at it often. It made him think of his grandfather and all the good times they had. When Dan was 27 he lost his job and couldn't pay the house payment. He sold the coins to keep his house.
Tim needed to get a shot. He was sick and the medicine was necessary. Unfortunately he had a huge fear of needles. He tried his best to get out of it to no avail. Once Tim got the shot he realized it wasn't so bad.
Chris was working on a group project in a college class. Chris made good friends with his group mates. He asked one of the female on a date. He took her to the aquarium. They had a great time and later began a serious relationship.
Sam and Jess did not know what to do. They decided to run around in a hotel. They kept climbing the stairs and knocking on doors. They ended up getting in trouble. They got kicked out
It was summer vacation and Sally was starting to get bored. She had played at the park all summer. She had read all of her books. Her mother told her next week she would go back to school. Sally was so excited to be back with her friends.
Alice hated cereal for breakfast. But there was no time to make pancakes before school. One day she woke up early to make pancakes. She made them and enjoyed them. But ended up late for school.
Zootopia was playing at the local theater. The two boys had been begging to go see it. Their Dad did not want to sit through another insipid kid's movie. He eventually relented and took them to a matinee. He was surprised by how much he enjoyed it.
Rob had an assignment due in his creative writing class. He copied the lyrics of an old jazz song, thinking no one would know. Rob's writing instructor asked Rob to see him in his office. There, Rob was informed that the instructor knew that song well. It turned out that the instructor's uncle wrote the song!
Isabel was not very proficient with math. She often mixed numbers up when adding things up. This would cause a lot of budgeting mistakes. She bought a planner with a calculator. Now she doesn't make as many mistakes.
Mike bought a motorcycle. He treated it like his baby. One day while riding it he scraped the side on a car. He argued for hours that the driver would pay for the damage. He finally accepted that it had been his fault for causing the scrape.
Tom started a new job recently. He was going through the initial training requirement. He found it very boring. He let out a big yawn during the training. His training instructor scolded him for being disrespectful.
Sally decided she wanted a puppy for her birthday. Her parents showed sally that a puppy would be a lot of work. Sally had to learn how to walk, play and feed the puppy. On her birthday her dad let sally pick the puppy she wanted. Sally named the puppy Spot.
Jeff was the nerd. He stood before a wall of older kids. They threw their dodgeballs at him. He curled up in a ball. All the other balls missed.
Jennifer came down with some sort of stomach virus yesterday. This was bad because she had to babysit her son's friend last night. Not only did she have two toddlers, but the newborn as well. Luckily her husband was home to help with the kids. She ended up getting sick many times, and now she feels fine today!
Omar was taking his final exam for chemistry. And his professor constantly went in and out of the room. Omar took this opportunity to look at other people's answers. And Omar ended up getting an A on the final. For the rest of his college classes, Omar cheated his way through.
Jessie was in the middle of a long hike. Suddenly it started pouring down rain. She had to take cover under a tree trunk. She waited there for thirty minutes as it rained. Finally things cleared up and she was able to finish her hike.
Billy wanted a guitar that was on display at the music shop. But Billy couldn't afford the guitar. Billy asked for a job at the music shop. Billy worked for months at the music shop. He finally had enough money and bought the guitar!
The man gave directions. The directions were clear. The other man did not follow the directions. The man reported that the other man did not follow instructions. The man would not work with the other man again.
Jason is a personal trainer and his first client was an obese woman. He gave her a strict diet and a daily workout schedule to follow. They worked together for a whole year and she was seeing results. By the 18th month of the program she reached her fitness goal. She looked so good that she became a bikini model.
Michelle had been worried about her health for a while. She scheduled an appointment with her doctor. At the appointment many tests were done. She was anxious as she waited for the results. Her health scare was averted when her results came back positive.
June decided to take her children to visit a neighboring farm. She got the kids dressed and loaded into the car. When they got to the farm, they were met by the farmer. June and her children got to visit with all the different animals. When they left, the children waved farewell to the farmer.
Victor looked at the horizon that morning. The sky was clear so he could see clearly another boat ahead. A puff of white smoke burst in the sky. Victor recognized the distress signal. He steered his boat at full speed toward the lonely boat.
Sue saw that a lot of her packages were being stolen from her stoop. She made a fake package and put a paint bomb in it. She placed the package on her stoop and hid in the bush. An hour later a person snuck up to her stoop. He peeked into the package and was lit up with paint!
Theo was a very nervous child with a long-time fear of heights. One hot summer day, his friends invited him to a water park. His crush, Lucy, was there and she loved slides, so Theo had an idea. Theo asked her to join him on a two-person toboggan, and she accepted! Together, they rode the slide, with Theo screaming, but happy as ever!
Allison had a huge crush on a boy in her class named Robbie. She was always trying to talk to Robbie, but she never had the courage. One day, she decided that she would say hello to Robbie. She said hello to him in class, and he smiled and said hello back. Allison was happy and thought that maybe Robbie might like her, too.
There was a girl I was best friends with but also had a crush on. I thought she was straight so I never made a move. She would change in front of me and I would blush. Years later, she revealed she had liked me at the time too. Now I always make a move on a crush.
Fred decided to walk home from school one day. His parents were on vacation. He thought he knew where he was going. But he found himself in a strange neighborhood. Luckily, he ran into a classmate who invited him inside.
Sally was often busy with work, and began to feel lonely. She wanted some new friends, but wasn't sure where to look. She soon found an online chat room filled with interesting people. After a few days, Sally made 3 new friends online. Sally then met her friends in real life and they are now very close.
I went to Hawaii for a week this summer. I spent the whole time on the island of Maui. I wanted to have an authentic Hawaiian time. Instead I did mostly tourist activities. I still had a great time and guiltlessly loved my experience there.
Lulu was feeling extra frazzled today. She was not used to having her housekeeper be on vacation. With the housekeeper on vacation, Lulu had to clean herself. This meant washing the floors and making the beds. Lulu was exhausted and couldn't wait for her housekeeper to come back.
Brenda has a baby The baby's father is gone and she doesn't know how to reach him. Brenda doesn't know how to make money. She ends up working as a stripper. IT at least pays her bills
I was with friends at a botanical garden. Some of them were hesitating. So I found one of them. And I pulled her to go with me. I heard later that she did not approve of that.
Jane was so excited to be having her birthday party. She and her friends played games for prizes. They made a craft that Jane's mother had planned. Then, after eating cake, they opened presents. It was the best birthday party Jane had ever had!
Miles notices that his bedroom is even darker than usual. He realizes that one of the lights in his room isn't working. Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store. He replaces the bulb in his room. Miles is happy now that his room is a little less dark.
I was walking towards my friend. I had romantic feelings for her and wanted to confess my feelings. When I confessed, she said that she's not interested in anyone. A week later, she got together with another friend. I decided to lose contact with her.
I applied to a field auditor job. The manager told me that it would require lots of travel. I told her I loved to travel. Thus, she gave me the job. Alas, the travel was to boring cities like Oklahoma City and Tulsa.
Anna lugged all her wash into the laundromat. Then she remembered she'd left her detergent at home! A kindly woman offered to share. Anna gratefully accepted the woman's detergent. She was thankful for the kindness of strangers!
Jacob wanted to get a job at Target. He checked online and found stores that were hiring. He applied in-store and got a call back a few days later! They scheduled an interview over the phone. After his interview he was informed that he was hired!
Karen watched a scary movie. At the end, she felt frightened. She tiptoed up the stairs. She saw a ghost! It was just her brother under a sheet.
Joe was a sheep owner. He stayed out one autumn night with his sheep. He heard wolves howl in the distance. He went to investigate the noise. When he saw a wolf he shot his rifle at it.
Kelly was a pretty good artist. Her teacher encouraged her to check out some classes at the college. She sat through an art history class and a figure drawing class. She'd never done figure drawing before so she wasn't very good at it. The college teacher's disapproval was very discouraging to Kelly.
Jerry enjoys collecting old coins. He especially enjoys collecting rare coins made of mostly silver. He's been looking for a specific rare coin from Germany. He searched every coin store within a ten mile radius of his home. While online, he finally found and bought the coin he was looking for.
Molly was traveling for work. She was sitting in the waiting area when an attendant approached. Due to an issue with her ticket, Molly's seat was being upgraded! Molly thanked the attendant profusely before boarding the plane. She enjoyed her comfortable first class seat so much.
Once I got back to my desk at work, I opened my breakfast and began. The first thing I ate was a muffin. After eating the muffin, I proceeded to the milk. It was all so good! Now, I don't feel like I'm hungry at all.
Phyllis was afraid of flying on an airplane. She decided to learn how to fly the plane. While taking flying lessons she conquered her fears. Now she is a pilot. She can help others be less afraid to fly too.
Although Jimmy didn't know how to play, Scott handed him the ball. Scott told him to throw the ball to a teammate that's open. When the game started, the opponents ran towards him. Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field. He ended up running towards the streets.
After a week, he still didn't know who had stolen his walkie talkie. Several of her friends knew, but didn't tell. She eventually was called to the office. She confessed when he found it in her backpack. He called her parents immediately.
When I was a kid we adopted a yellow labrador. She came from a breeder far away. So, we had to get her at the airport. The day we went to the airport I was so excited to meet my new dog. She came out in a crate and I was so happy to see her.
Sam was shy. It was his first real date. At the end of the night he walked her to her door. Sam became brave and went in for a kiss. His gamble paid off and he was ecstatic.
I wanted to learn how to knit. I bought needles and yarn. I looked up how to knit online. I tried very hard, but I could never do it. I decided to stick with crochet.
Since i'm already working,i decided to collect bags. Every payday,i always buy one bag. And now i have a lot of different bags. But when my aunt came,she it and she likes it. I gave her one because she's my aunt even those were my collection.
Patty had a dog. Patty did not take good care of her dog. The dog got sick. Patty's mom gave the dog away. The dog was well and happy again.
Tyson had a new puppy. He loved the puppy very much. One day, the puppy ran away. Tyson was very sad. He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets.
Sarah wanted a puppy for her birthday. Her parents did not have enough money to buy a puppy. They got Sarah a bunny instead. Sarah loved the bunny who she named Frank. Sarah and Frank were best friends.
Pat was on his way to meet a label exec. He was hopeful to get a good record label The exec wanted him to sign a contract. The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound. Pat declined the offer.
Tom had recently bought a bar. However, business wasn't doing so well. He spent more time at the bar to find out why. It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls. Tom immediately fired him.
My teacher decided to give us a surprise test! I was very nervous but decided that I should do fine. I filled out the full test and reached a question I didn't know. I got very nervous once again, but then remembered what I read. Finally I answered the question and actually got it right!
We had a lot of mice in 2011. We tried sticky traps but they sometimes escaped. We tried poison bait but they rarely ate them. I figured out snap traps work if they are under something. I killed several mice that way.
Sarah lost her husband in the war. It had been years since she seen her husband. One day she gets a letter in the mail. It was a letter from her husband. Her husband admits to lying about his death and wants her back.
Bob wanted a parrot. His parents decided to get him one. Bob realized that a parrot was hard work. He decided to sell the parrot. His parents got angry and grounded him for being irresponsible.
Jervis is feeling bored one day. He decides to visit the library. At the library he reads many newspapers. When he feel tired, he leaves. Jervis is glad he found something to do.
Brad loves airplanes. When he was a little boy his dad took him to see a bunch of them. He always said when he grew up he wanted to be a pilot. Right after he graduated high school he went into the military. He was trained to be a pilot and did it his whole military career.
Kate needed a ride home from her friend Jan's house. Her mother wasn't able to pick her up. Kate had to ask her friends mom for a ride home. Jan's mom agreed and was not upset. But Kate was still embarrassed the whole ride home.
Greg was doing shopping. He went into his local gas station. While standing in line he see's a sign for lottery. He decides to pick up a ticket. Turns out it was the winning ticket.
Tina had a lot of homework. Instead of doing the homework, Tina watched television. After a while, Tina woke up and it was very late. Tina has to rush through her homework. The teacher gave Tina a bad grade for poor work on the homework.
Debbie got transferred out of state for a job promotion. She was nervous to leave her family and friends. She hesitated at first but then realized her salary would double. She decided to move and accept the job offer. Before long Debbie made new friends and was now rich!
Mike made his college schedule without any morning classes. He bragged to his three roommates with early classes. On the first day of the semester Mike got to sleep in late. He got out of bed and went to the shared shower. But his roommates had used all the hot water and it was freezing cold.
We went on a cruise last summer. The boat was luxurious. We felt like pampered royalty the whole time. We came home happily tan. The memories from that trip will be precious for a long time.
Big Don liked to make money without working very hard. He created a bogus real estate school that overcharged its students. Some of the swindled students complained to law enforcement. Big Don gave a big campaign contribution to the attorney general. The attorney general decided not to press charges for fraud.
Casey bought a new golden retriever puppy. His puppy had a lot of accidents in the house. Casey had to go outside with him every 15 minutes. He worked very hard to train him. After a few weeks of training, he had no more accidents.
Garen loved to be considered respectful and to have honor. He was the defender of justice, helping people who were bullied. Yet, no one really seemed to be his friend. He thought it was lonely, but he was willing to go through it. One day, someone he saved told him that he was her best friend.
Truman was ready to learn to ride a bike. His dad took the off his training wheels. His dad held the bike still for Truman to get on. Then Truman started pedaling while his dad held the seat loosely. Soon, Truman could ride his bike by himself.
Tim and his daughter would regularly watch the sun set at the park. It was evening and light was starting to fade. They could see the shadows grow longer as the sun drifted downward. Near the end, they would always count down before the last bit of sun. Afterward, they would go get ice cream.
Tony had a new girlfriend. She was visiting his house for the first time. Tony knew his house was a mess. Tony called his sister over to his house. His sister helped him get his house in order.
Julie was starting a new school. She was very nervous. She was used to be popular. She was having a hard time making new friends. She finally started fitting in.
Sandra needed a new phone. Her old one had broken. She walked into the store and bought a new one. She was very excited. Sandra was quite happy with her new phone purchase.
Lucy awoke planning to go outside and play. But when she sat up she could hear the rain on her window. She looked outside and saw the storm clouds were rolling in. Upset she couldn't go outside she went to her bookshelf instead. Lucy lay on her bed and read books the whole day.
Shawn thought he was the best poker player. He invited several friends to his house for a poker party. Everyone agreed, I went too. Shawn suggested they start with five card draw. By the end of the evening, I had all of Shawn's money.
Jim decided to grow a beard. At first he liked how it looked. After a while it was too itchy and scraggly. Jim tried clinging on to it for a bit longer. After a while he gave up and shaved.
Bill worked hard in order to buy a car. When he had enough saved, he bought a red convertible. He drove the car a lot, and sometimes raced with it. One day, during a race he got gashes on the side of the car. He took the car to get it painted, and the shop painted it blue!
Anna went to pick apples. She tried to pluck the low-hanging fruits. But she could reach very few. At the end of the trip, she had only ten apples. Anna wished she had been able to reach more apples!
Joey was having a party at the beach. Someone kicked sand onto the food that he had brought. The person who kicked the sand apologized. Joey forgave them. They went to a store to buy more food for the party.
Amy and her friends were up all night. Now the sun was rising outside. The sun began to beam in the window. You could smell the breakfast Lynn's mom was cooking. They decided to go downstairs and eat.
Kelly went to the bowling alley. She picked up the ball and started rolling. Unfortunately on the next try she dropped it. The bowl dropped on her toe. Kelly had to stop.
I collect old photos. I saw an ebay listing for a movie photo from 1962. The merchant wanted only $6. I bought the photo right away. I am eager to get it.
As I began packing my things awaiting my friends arrival. I took out my belongings, and laid them out on my bed. After some contemplating, I decided on taking only a few things. Exiting my house, I see my friend pulling up in the car. As I throw my luggage in, we smile and back out headed to California!
Allie needed new sweatpants. Her old ones were too big. She needed smaller ones. So she went to the store. Luckily she found some on sale.
Kristopher saw a job posting for an advisor at a new company in town. Kristopher knew he wasn't qualified but he applied anyway. He received a phone call for an interview the following week. Kristopher lied on his resume and was hired immediately. Due to the stress of not knowing what to do, he quit  two days later.
Andrew had always been interested in French culture. He decided that he wanted to learn how to speak French. In order to learn, he enrolled in a French course at a university. It was very difficult, but Andrew studied hard. He was happy to be learning about French language and culture.
My friend and I went to the beach. We reserved a pavilion and decorated the place. The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared. Our belongings and food were blown away completely. Therefore, everyone had to pack up and leave the place.
The man turned on the light. A mouse got startled. The mouse ran across the living room. The man got startled. The man hid in his room.
Lisa had just finished up shopping. She was walking back to her car. She noticed that it was very hot outside. When she tried to sit in the car, she burnt her hand on the seat belt. She had to wrap it in a coat before she could use it.
Allie's parents allowed her to go to the movies. She was supposed to be home at ten. Allie decided to go with a friend eat after the movies. Allie didn't get home before ten. Allie's parents began to worry.
My hair was going grey. It was very depressing. I bought some dye. I used the entire bottle. My hair was black again.
I went on a vacation with my family and stayed in a cabin. After settling in and eating dinner, we started to get ready for bed. My kids were playing when my son told me that he saw a white squirrel. After talking a bit more, I realized that he had seen a white mouse. We quickly packed up and drove home.
Lou's mother's birthday was approaching. He wanted to do something nice for her. Lou had no money to buy a nice gift. He decided to bake his mother's favorite pie for her. She was very pleased with the delicious pie.
Pam came home and found her kitten with an arrow through him. Her cat was okay, besides the arrow through his body. Pam didn't have a clue how her cat was shot with an arrow. She called the police and they came to investigate. The police found a bow and arrow set in Pam's neighbor's yard.
Kallie loves to go swimming in the Ocean. One day she spotted a bunch of Jellyfish while swimming. She stayed very still. The Jelly Fish eventually moved away from her. She was very relieved and stress free afterwards.
Lisa registered her award-winning pet in an important cat show. Lisa was soon disturbed to discover that her cat had fleas. Fleas would disqualify this cat from being in the show. Lisa had to bathe the cat many times and thoroughly clean the house. This feline friend won a blue ribbon at the show and made Lisa proud.
My 98 year old friend Joe was in the lobby today. He said he woke up from a nap and his knee hurt. He took some ibuprofen but it did not help. He said he had never had arthritis before. I told him I was amazed by his health.
I had a rolling chair. One day, I rolled back in it over my cat's tail. She was not injured badly, but she screamed very loud. I felt awful. Now I don't use the rolling chair anymore.
Nate's girlfriend was high maintenance. He tried buying generic cereal. It made her very upset. She only ate name brand cereal. Nate had to get more for her.
Samantha needed to buy a textbook for her math class. She had a test next week and all the study materials were on the book. She didn't have the money to buy the book so she went to the library. She was able to check out the book for free. Samantha aced her math test after studying the book.
Pat decided he was going to start running again. He figured he needed a new pair of shoes. After doing a lot of research online, Pat made a decision. He went to Finish Line to see if they had the shoes he wanted. They did not have the shoes in his size, so he ordered them there.
Agnes was elderly and found herself living alone. She was having difficulties shopping and cooking for herself. She looked into different options to get her meals. A friend suggested Meals on Wheels. She signed up for the program and received nutritious and tasty food.
Max wrote a poem about meteorites. His mom loved his poem so much, she shared it with a poetry club. The poetry club gave the poem a prize, they liked it so much. Max refused to go, because he felt betrayed his poem was shared. Max regrets not going, now knowing his mom shared it out of love.
Cassidy was working on an art project. Her teacher noticed. She suggested that Cassidy enter it into a contest. Cassidy agreed and submitted her piece. She ended up winning a ribbon.
Prices for gas were going up. Hugo did not know how to pay for it. He lived paycheck to paycheck. He decided to sell his car. Now he takes the bus.
I sat outside of the cafeteria. A man approached me with confidence. After he asked me how I'm doing, he became mad. He took my book-bag and ran off. I tried to chase him down but he held a weapon.
Amy was driving to work one day. Out of the blue her tire went flat. She pulled over and call triple A for assistance. The repairman arrived and changed the tire. Amy happily thanked the repair man, and drove to work.
Allison got new braces. She kept getting food stuck in them. She called her dentist for help. Her dentist gave her a solution. Allison wrote a positive review for the nice dentist.
The woman drew a bath. She got in the tub. The water was not hot enough. She boiled some water on the stove. She made the water in the tub hotter with the boiled water.
Julie wanted to join the basketball team. She went to the basketball tryouts. She played a practice game with the other tryout people. Her team won the game. Julie is on the basketball team now.
Sam put a length of saran wrap on the toilet as a joke. He waited until his brother went to use the bathroom. There wa a silence and then a shout. Sam's brother burst the door open and ran after Sam. Sam escaped because he was faster than his brother.
George was at the airport. He was walking to his next terminal as he ate a slice of pizza. Suddenly he dropped the pizza. He was trying to pick up the mess when he realized he was late. He missed his flight and had to wait for a new one.
Kim got a new tattoo without telling her parents. She was afraid they would freak out. For a while she hid it well. Yet one day her parents found out. They grounded her for a month.
Tanya was disgusted at her bathroom. Her roommates wouldn't ever clean it the way they agreed to. She'd finally had enough, and grabbed a mop. She mopped the floor until it was spotless. Her roommates were so impressed they took turns cleaning the rest.
Garcia had always enjoyed reading books since he was little. One day he realized he had read everything in his house. He quickly went to a bookshop and purchased as many books as he could. He also ordered some from online to keep him busy. Now Garcia is able to read every single day.
James was in a new town. He was trying to find his hotel room. He thought he was going the right direction. Unfortunately it was the wrong way. James took a long time getting there.
Carl loved comic books, but hated playing with other children. So he was furious when he heard his cousin would be coming to stay. When he got home from school, his mom introduced the two of them. But Annie declared she didn't want to play, she wanted to read comics. Carl realized this could be the start of a beautiful friendship.
Dan had a lot of free time. He decided to start a new hobby. He began taking improv classes. Dan did really well with his improv class. He has started performing in improv shows.
Tabby was a sweet girl. She had long brown hair and native cheekbones. She always told everyone she was a native american. It wasn't true, but people believed it. She thought it was very funny.
Jim always wore the same shoes. They were black with white laces. He needed a new pair badly. He was finally convinced to buy a new pair. Jim finally bought a black pair with black laces for work.
Ken went to the zoo. He was having a good time at first. Then there was an announcement about escaped lions. Ken freaked out and was trapped in the zoo for what seemed like ever. Eventually he got out safe and never returned.
Destiny was nervous about moving in with her dad. She thought it would be boring and not much fun. When she arrived, she was met with books, videos and a playroom! She had so much fun every single day. She learned that she should keep positive expectations for new events.
Cindy wanted to adopt animals because she felt bad for them. She adopted one cat and took good care of it. But she felt she needed to give more cats a better life. She adopted more and more cats. But she realized they were too much for her to handle.
Steve heard a funny joke on the radio. He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends. The next day he repeated the joke from memory. None of his friends laughed at Steve's joke. They told Steve that they heard the joke already.
Jane lost her dog. She looked everywhere. She was going to put up flyers. Right when she started her dog popped up. Jane was glad and excited.
Kyle often forgot his clothes at the laundromat. The owner warned him they would be donated if he left them again. Kyle did not want his clothes to be taken away. So he decided to be more attentive and wait for his clothes to finish. Kyle never left any clothes unattended in the laundromat again.
Chelsea's feet were cold. She found a pair of thick wool socks. She pulled them on and smiled. Her feet were finally warm! She ran around the house to enjoy the soft socks.
Daniel used a laptop regularly and started experiencing wrist pain. He realized he kept his wrists in an awkward position. Daniel went to the doctor who referred him to a hand specialist. The specialist taught him to position his hands in a more healthy way. He was able to use his laptop without any more pain.
Jay got fed up with people trashing his favorite park. When he say a kid spray paint a rock face he got really mad. Jay confronted the kid and they started to get heated. In the moment Jay gave the kid a strong shove. The kid couldn't balance and fell off the rock face and died on impact.
Tanya was having a rough day. She was feeling really down. Tanya called her mom to chat. After 30 minutes, Tanya felt better. She's happy her mom always makes her feel better.
Peter had his first day of school. He was very nervous. Peter sat down at his desk. Someone decided to be Peter's friend. Peter felt better.
Jenny loves thunderstorms. Last Tuesday it rained all night long. Jenny stayed up all night watching the storm. She was so tired the next morning that she slept through her alarm! Even though she woke up late, she was happy to have watched the storm.
I wanted to wake up early enough to make breakfast. Instead of making it from scratch, I didn't have time. I gave up and microwaved biscuits with sausages. I told myself I would do better the next day. The next day I did the same thing again.
One of my daughter's friends got married a few days ago. One of her bridesmaids was depressed. She had just broken up with her boyfriend. She left his home and moved back in with her mom. The other bridesmaids gave her their support.
McKynlee began playing basketball at the young age of six. She started out timid and shy, and did not really like it. Her dad became her coach and worked with her day after day. She began to understand the game and started loving it. Her team has now won the championship two years in a row so far.
Ted like to park as close to his office building as possible. Everyday a car parked in the front row took up two space. One day Ted snapped and broke every window in the car. Ted left a note in the car explaining one car only gets one space. Ted never saw the car parked in two spaces again.
In the early 2000s Dan bought a bunch of Marvel stock. Dan's friends thought he had lost his mind. The company had recently gone bankrupt. When Marvel made a comeback the stock shot through the roof. Dan made over 100 million dollars on that stock purchase.
Once there was a girl named Mia who could spell well. She entered a spelling bee but she got nervous easily. During the final moments, they gave her a word she did not know. She tried hard but she managed to spell it correctly. Mia won the spelling bee and felt more sure of herself afterwards.
Casey had an old necklace from her grandma. Casey always thought the necklace was a fake piece of junk. One day, Casey was short on cash and struggling. She tried to sell her old necklace to a pawn shop. It ended up being a solid gold necklace with a real diamond!
Kate and her friends were having breakfast in their Vegas suite. Kate let her friends talk her into getting room service. It was twice as expensive as she had expected. But her friends made it seem like she was overreacting. Kate was seeing red.
Nicola was auditioning for American Idol. She had the perfect song picked out for her audition. She was so nervous, she got sick the day before her audition. She had her audition in front of Jennifer Lopez. All of the judges thought Nicola should go to the next round.
I was taking my girlfriend to the school prom. I wanted to rent a fancy car. It turns out I did not have enough money. We pulled up to the dance on a scooter. Even though we got laughed at, we had lots of fun.
Bob needed to get new tires. It was beginning to snow and his tires were worn out. He went to the store to purchase tires. He was able to get a discount on some new snow tires. He got them installed the next day.
The man was working hard to design a building. He wanted it to be beautiful and functional. He selected some design elements that were revolutionary. When he was finished, he presented it to the board. They loved the idea!
Shane is out on the town with his girlfriend. She is blonde model. She gets looks from all types of men. A man tells Shane's girlfriend she's pretty. Shane snaps in a jealous rage and tells the man off.
John desperately needed some money to pay bills. He decided the best thing to do was to start his own business. John was really good at mowing lawns, so that is what he decided to do John worked very hard to make his business successful, and soon it was John soon had all the money he ever needed from his new business.
Spanish Fork set up a rodeo. Lots of people came. Locals invited other people. The show lasted an hour. Everyone left satisfied.
Ralf's jaw popped with force seeming like a sledgehammer. He had to remedy the situation, but there was a massive problem. Ralf's love of chewing gum couldn't be compromised. His dentist told him a nightguard would prevent grinding as he slept. This proved to eliminate pain when he consumed his old favorite!
Jennifer wanted to skip her morning class a few days ago. I told her it was a bad idea to skip, but she did anyway. I told her it was really risky since they might have had a test. The next day we friend texted her to say that she missed a test! Jennifer was really upset about missing it, and apologized to me!
During math class, Amy passed a note to Jim. Jim opened the note and saw it had a single question. The note asked if Jim liked Amy, asking for an answer yes or no. Jim passed the note back to Amy after answering her question. He had written the word maybe.
Larry left the office late and drove fast to see his wife. On the drive home, a police officer pulled him over for speeding. Larry apologized but the police officer still have him a ticket. Larry deeply regretted driving so fast. He decided never to leave the office so late again.
Tom was playing a video game. It took him several days to beat it. ONce he did Tom felt happy but unfulfilled. He didn't really have much else to do anymore. Tom decided to buy another video-game.
There were some trucks in a lot behind my house. They were leveling dirt. They built a bond. They put up a few houses. People started to move in.
Frank always wanted to be the king of the neighborhood. He thought he could throw a party and it would make his dream real. It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable. As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness. Seeing his dream come true he realized he had nothing to want anymore.
Abe made some Mac N Cheese for supper. It was delicious and he ate it all. Abe let the bowl sit on his desk for too long. The cheese turned into a hard yellow crust. Abe had a difficult time scrubbing it off!
Larry planted an apple tree in memory of his dead mother. A few years later, he noticed other apple trees popping up. They had grown from the seeds of fallen apples. Jimmy decided he would start an orchard. Jimmy started a successful business.
Tricia was standing in line. It was at the drugstore. She needed to pay. But a woman cut right in front of her. Tricia was annoyed.
Tom went eat with a few buddies. He forgot to take his indigestion medicine. Tom and his friends overindulged in acid rich food. Slowly, Tom started to feel bad. He realized it was his indigestion.
Jody was a small girl who loved to play outside. It was the middle of winter so she was playing on a frozen lake. Just as her mother came outside Jody fell through the ice. Jody's mother rushed to help her daughter. Luckily Jody was not seriously hurt just very cold.
Tom wanted to impress his friends. Tom knew how to juggle. Tom juggled for his friends. His friends enjoyed the show. Tom was happy to captivate his friends attention.
On my day off work I decided to play with my daughter at the park. We loaded up snacks and water for lunch at the playground. When we got there we played on the swing and slides. My daughter ran all around the playground and had a blast! We concluded our fun trip with a picnic on a table.
Chad has been lifting weights for years. He decided he wants to enter a bodybuilding show. He finds a show in Vegas and enters. Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show. Chad flexes his muscles on stage.
Drew came home but he was shivering. My mom asked him for his report card. He slowly gave it to her. While being disappointed, she was aggravated. She told Drew and I to prepare our own dinner.
Billy was sweeping the floor at his job. The bristles were coming off of the broom. Billy told his boss they needed a new broom. His boss bought a new broom. Billy threw the old broom in the garbage.
I heard my mother cell phone ringing in the kitchen. Since she was in the shower, I took it upon myself to answer it. Someone on the other end of the line demanded to speak with Rick. I told the person no one by that name lived at this address. They apologized for the mistake and hung up, rather rudely on me.
Jackie could not wait to see her family. She had been away at college for a whole semester. She was going home as soon as her last exam was over. When she got home, everyone was waiting. It was the best welcome.
I wanted to play with my favorite ball at recess. I looked all over for the ball. I saw a few kids playing with it. I grabbed the ball and ran. I ended up getting in trouble for taking the ball from the kids.
One day Nicholas was at his job driving his taxi. While driving is taxi a car crashed into him. He got out of his car to check on the other driver. The other driver was okay. They both went to the hospital to get helped.
Will decided to pick up boxing last summer. During his first boxing lesson he was told he's a hard puncher. He ended up continuing to improve his punching power during training. During his first sparring match he knocked out his opponent. Will is now the state boxing champion in his weight class.
Ben was a big bully. Ben would terrorize kids at school. Ben bullied everyone around him. One day, a kid fought back. As Ben got beat up, he learned he was behaving like a fool.
Paul wants to have some good footwear for winter. He decides to invest in a pair of heavy duty boots. Paul finds a great pair of boots. They're very warm. Paul is happy he has good winter boots.
I listened to the morning weather report on TV. A big snowstorm was headed my way. I called into work and was told that the company was not opening. I dressed in my winter outdoor gear as the snow began to fall. I spent the rest of the day shoveling.
Tom was doing karaoke at a bar with his friends. He chose a song that he was familiar with. When it came on, her realized that it was a different song. He did his best, but it didn't sound as good as he'd hoped. His friends still enjoyed the show regardless.
Rita's mom worked hard to buy a coat for her daughter. But, Rita thought the coat was cheap looking and ugly. She deliberately left the coat on the playground. When the coat went unclaimed, it was donated to Goodwill. Now a little orphan girl proudly wears Rita's coat.
It was valentine's day when someone gave me flowers. Is was on top of my table and i don't know from whom is was. I found a card inside the bouquet. It says there that we will meet in front of the school fountain. When i saw him i noticed he is my neighbor and childhood friend.
Gina was at her dad's mom's house. So were her uncles children whom she didn't like. They pretended to get along. But there was a lot of tension between them. Gina knew it would be a long day.
Simon and his mom went to a farm out in the countryside. They heard a beeping noise inside the barn. Simon and his mom walked into the barn. They saw an enclosure on the ground with a heating lamp on top. Simon and his mom saw lots of baby chicks in there!
A family invited some people over for Easter. They had a dinner together. They shared some good memories. They talked about the reason for the holiday. They wished each other goodnight.
A woman was sitting on the bench in front of my building. She was waiting for the bus, about fifty feet away. She got distracted by a text message. When she looked up, the bus was coming. She ran but missed the bus.
My coworker's boyfriend had heart trouble. One day his son took him to Fenway Park for a ball game. He could not climb up the stairs to his seat. The staff found him sitting at as better location. He died on heart trouble three years later.
Jessica hate her mousy brown hair. She bought a bottle of peroxide and poured it over her head. She cried as her hair started to sizzle and steam. Jessica was taken to the hospital because of her odd reaction. Now she's learned to be happy with her natural hair color.
Harold loved riding his bike. He fell off one day and skinned his knees. His mom put bandaids on them. Soon, he was back on his bike. He wouldn't let some scratches hold him back!
Emma was shopping at the mall. She wanted to buy a dress from a commercial that she saw. She went to the store and searched the dress out. At first, she couldn't find her size. Luckily, she found one in her perfect size.
Last week I got a new cat. I loved the cat. The only problem was that she seemed scared of me. I then started giving her a lot of treats. She then ended up linking me.
When I was a kid we got a tank full of fish. A lot of the fish died after a few weeks. One of the fish was very durable and didn't die at all. The fish is still alive to this day! It's been alive for over a decade and we are very worried about it.
Anna was looking for a new home. She found a few promising options. But the name of the town settled her. She bought the house located in Eden, NY. After all, how could she resist a house in paradise?
Sarah was backstage during her dance recital. She was starving but couldn't find any snacks. Then she noticed some girls with pizza. She traced it back to a pizza shop across the street. Luckily she was able to grab a quick slice before the show.
The woman liked to be organized. She wrote detailed plans for each month. She followed the plans exactly. The lady felt better when she had a clear path to follow. She was determined to check off each item.
Katie always wanted to play soccer. She decided she was going to try out for the team this year. Katie got the courage to head out after school. Katie left it all out on the field. Katie was so happy when she found out she had made the team.
John got nervous easily. He had a job interview tomorrow. He asked his friend for help. His friend suggested a breathing technique. John applied it during the interview and got the job.
John had a bad habit of drinking and driving. After a long night of partying, he was ready to go home. He hopped in his car, thinking he would be okay to drive. John failed to stop at a red light, causing him to crash. Everyone in the accident was okay, but John ended up going to jail.
Kia bought a lottery ticket. She did not really expect to win. But when the numbers were called, she watched. And shockingly, all the numbers matched hers! Kia had just won $22,000!
The forum changed suddenly one day. I didn't expect it when I logged in. Everyone suddenly decided to leave, and posted saying so. We followed to the new forum. All the drama was finally over so we could work.
Jack was going to go start running. He bought new shoes in order to increase his performance. However, while he was out one day, he turned his ankle. He was not able to run anymore. Jack felt like he wasted his money on new shoes.
Little Jenny was upset with her parents. She packed her suitcase and snuck out the back door. After a few streets she was scared. She decided to turn around and return home. Once there her parents lectured here again.
The Engineer designed a new product. He built a prototype. The prototype broke. The Engineer ran out of money. He sold his design to another Engineer.
Gary tried to play around with this kid shorter than him. The kid was annoyed of his behavior. He stood up. Gary was laughing since the kid was small. However, the kid punched him in the face and he was knocked out.
Addison wanted to be an athlete. But as he had a foot longer than the other he couldn't. He watched sports on TV instead but he wasn't fulfilled. He decided to study in management to cope with his loss. And when he graduated, he became a sports agent.
Sam was captain of his basketball team. He was the leader scorer for his team. Tonight he was facing his brother. Sam sprained his ankle during warm-ups. His team lost because he had to sit out the entire game.
Tim and his dad went to the park to fly his new kite. Tim tried, but was unable to get the kite off the ground. His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air, Tim tried again using his dad's advice. His dad was very proud of him when the kite took to the air.
John's cat had a skin disorder. It kept losing all its hair. John decided to fully shave it. The cat looked weird. John didn't care and loved it the same.
Rick was enjoying summer. But in the back of his mind he knew he had to go back to school. He started in about a month. Each day he dreaded it more and more. But then he remembered he graduated last June so he was happy again.
Albert committed a felony when he was younger. The system has reformed him. He is now a productive and honest citizen. He works as a trash man. Albert is happy he has changed himself into a better man.
Jenny wanted a pink bike for her birthday. Jenny's parents had told her she was too young for a bike. But all Jenny could think of was riding that pink bike outside. Jenny promised her parents she would be safe at all times. Her parents decided to get her the bike.
Bill's stomach was growling very loudly during a meeting. Bill took sips of coffee to quiet down his stomach. The coffee only seemed to make the noises louder. Bill was so embarrassed. After the meeting, Bill went and ate a gigantic hamburger.
The sun set. The man was still lost. He felt himself panic. He controlled the panic. He waited for help to find him.
Martin went to camp with his friends. Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot. Suddenly, everyone discovered they had forgotten food. Martin was a skilled fisherman. Martin caught many fish so that everyone could eat.
Alicia and Tina were playing soccer against each other. It was starting to be a close game. At one point it looked like Tina would win. Then they both tied. They agreed it was a fun game.
Stephanie wanted to fit in. She had just moved into her new house and didn't have any friends. So she walked over to a group of kids on the block. She introduced herself and happily invited them to play with her toys. Stephanie made three new friends that day.
Taryn loves jewelry, especially the necklace from her grandmother. She lost the necklace one afternoon while playing softball. Despite looking everywhere, she couldn't find it. She asked her sister Candice for help. Candice finally found the necklace in the dugout.
Gilmore practiced every day. He continued to improve. He challenged his friends. He defeated his friends. His friends stopped playing.
Austin did his best to entertain people. His efforts backfired, as everyone started calling him Monkey Boy. Austin did not like the nickname, so he stopped being entertaining. His life lost meaning, and he fell into a deep depression. Austin died of old age as a very unsuccessful man.
The area was broken in Monica's car. She didn't have the money to fix the air conditioner. Winter was coming up. The weather was getting cooler. Monica put off getting the air conditioner for a few months.
Larry needed a job. He was let go from a job a month ago and hadn't found another one. His bills were starting to mount up. Larry was determined and applied to many jobs every day. He was finally hired.
Carissa was a very talented dancer in high school. Her grades were slipping so she was temporarily banned form dance. At first Carissa was very angry and tried to rebel. Soon she gave up and worked hard in school to fix her grade. In no time she was back to dancing.
Jimmy was organizing the dirty clothes. He washed the white clothes first. However, he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer. When the clothes were done, he straightened the clothes. In addition, he noticed that his red dress shirt was bleached.
Rob was pretty bored. So he tried of think of something to do. He remembered he had an old RC plane his old garage. So he spent hours and hours searching through his dirty garage. But after hours of breathing in dust and dirt, Rob never found it.
Eli and his wife waltzed around their kitchen table. They got a bit too rambunctious and it broke when they fell on it. After they laughed away their shock, they went table shopping. They found a brand new one in their price range they liked. They bought it and are more careful now when they dance.
My dad was a police officer. He had a gun hidden in the house. One time, I found the gun and started playing with it. My dad found out and grounded me. I realized that I shouldn't play with guns.
My professor encourage us to study hard for the exam. I study the entire afternoon. I was up all night studying for the final. The next morning i arrived to class a nervous wreck. There were only five questions on the entire exam.
Mike wanted to learn how to do card tricks. He decided to buy a book he saw on TV. He spent weeks practicing the card tricks from the book. He went to show them to his friends. They were all really impressed.
Nate went to the thrift store. He saw a cool hat. He bought the hat and put it on. A day later his head was itchy. The hat had lice.
Deb always had chicken wings whenever she could. Tonight was a night she was going to have them. But she found she had none in her fridge or freezer. She ran down to the nearest store but they were closed. She ended up finding some at the nearest 7-11.
Jay woke in the night with severe back pain and heartburn. He took an antacid and stood under a hot shower, but nothing helped. Jay woke his wife who was alarmed and drove him to the emergency room. The hospital ran a battery of tests and diagnosed Jay with gallstones. He was admitted for pain control and gallbladder removal surgery.
Charles was afraid he would never finish college. He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class. However, he decided to face his fear and enter the classroom again. Charles found that college was much easier than he had feared. Now that he has graduated, Charles will never be afraid again.
I woke up way too early. I wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep. My back started hurting, and I couldn't get comfortable. I rolled into every position imaginable. I finally gave up and got out of bed.
John needed money. He walked into his bank and pulled out a gun. He took a bag of cash home and spent it lavishly. When Mark asked where the money came from, he proudly told the truth. Mark called the police and John was arrested the very next day.
One day I cooked a delicious chicken breast for supper. Just as I sat down to eat the telephone rang. As I was talking to the caller I saw my cat jump on the table. She grabbed my chicken breast and ran away with it. I had to eat a sandwich for supper.
The spinning dragon ride at the fair was never my favorite. My daughters begged to go on it so we went. Another family went on with us and I sat next to the little girl. The ride spun faster, the little girl slipped towards the gate. I grabbed her in time and held her tight, happy that she was safe.
Jake went to the animal shelter looking to adopt. When he arrived, he found a beautiful brindled dog. The dog's name was Sophia and she and Jake clicked immediately. Jake went to the front desk and asked to adopt Sophia. Sophia and Jake have been best friends ever since.
Marco never asked a girl to a school dance. He was afraid because he didn't know how to slow dance. Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her. He went with her. And during the first slow dance he stepped on her toes and fell down.
Lila had just returned home from work to see a fire. Her entire house was burned and destroyed. She had also lost everything she cared about. Luckily her town came through for her and brought many donations. It was sad but she was very lucky for what she did have.
Leonard hates cakes. He requests that no cake is served at his retirement party. The catering company is disappointed it won't show it's baking talent. The pastry chef decides to make a large pie to surprise Lenard. Leonard liked the pie so much, he gave a large tip to the caterer.
Ken collected leaves and flowers on nature walks. When he got home, he pressed them between the pages of his diary. One day he picked a pretty, shiny dark green leaf. What he didn't know was that the leaf was poison ivy! Poor Ken had to get treatment at his local Urgent Care center!
It was the last game of the playoffs. Tom's football team was tied with their rivals. They would go into the tournament if they won here. They did not win the game. Tom's team had a pizza party anyway and Tom didn't mind losing much.
Ollie was hunting for Easter eggs. He ran around finding every egg he could. Time was running out. Ollie wanted to find one more egg. Luckily, he found one in the knick of time.
Chuck was sad to see the last Tell A Story hit to come up in his queue. He tried to come up with a great showstopper. Then the phone rang. He knew he shouldn't work when he was distracted. Chuck submitted the final hit hoping they would load again soon.
Ryan was eating at a diner. The food came out cold. Ryan called his waitress to come over. He complained to his waitress about the food. The diner computed Ryan's food and made him a new dish.
Kevin wanted to buy a video game. But he didn't have enough money. He knew someone at school who had the game he want. And he was invited to the person's house to play it. Before Kevin went home, he stole the video game.
Nio wanted to join the Navy - he always had! But no one else in his family was in the military. They doubted One's ability, but Nio proved them wrong. He finished high school and enlisted in the Navy. There, he soon made it up the ranks to Officer!
Jim was playing Little League baseball. He was up to bat and swung to hit the ball. But he missed and the ball hit him in the face! It bruised his cheek very badly. Jim had to leave the game and put ice on his injury.
We had to take the dog to the vet because she was hurt. We put her in the car and drove to the vet's office. The dog wasn't happy with us, but she let the vet examine her. The vet said she had only sprained her leg. She wrapped the leg up and we were able to take the dog home.
Cam was a great cook but had no family nearby to cook for. At holiday time he accepted an invitation from his friend. When he got to the friend's house he found his family! His kind friend had invited them all home for the holidays. Can cooked up a great dinner for them and wept with joy!
Kayla's friend invited her over to dinner. She had cooked chili. Kayla hated chili. She ate a small amount of the chili. Kayla picked up a salad on the way home.
Tom was going to ask Ann to marry him. The only thing stopping him was the cost of the ring, it was too much! Tom got a part time job as a bartender and saved up a lot of money. Tom went out and bought the engagement ring. He popped the question and is now married to Ann.
My daughter likes to play with snowballs. When it's really cold is her favorite. She likes to grab the snow and throw it. Today she made six snowballs. She threw and hit me with every single one.
Sue had a cold and needed to get well fast. She didn't want to go to work sick! She tried pills and syrups, but nothing worked. Then she stumbled upon the real cure. Chicken soup and hot tea made her well!
I finished walking home from school. But I realized that I didn't have my house keys. So I went into the backyard and found a table. And I used it to climb through my bathroom window. Afterwards, I never forgot my keys.
A couple of Mormons challenged strangers to a basketball game. The others accepted. The Mormons were exceptionally good at the game. They beat the other guys fairly easily. The other guys were impressed and it sparked a conversation.
Marcie was going out of town. She needed someone to care for her dog while gone. Marcie didn't trust any friends with the task. She looked online and found a reputable dog sitter. Marcie was pleased that the sitter took great care of her dog.
Penelope had never felt a strong connection to her grandmother. She felt bad that her sister had so much in common with their grandma. After their grandma died, Penelope had to sort through her old photos. She was surprised to find a photo of her grandma on a basketball team. A basketball player herself, Penelope now felt a special connection!
Keith wanted to be a poet. He bought a black turtleneck and a beret. He hired a woman to play the bongos behind him. Finally he got around to writing some poetry. His literary friend told him that his beat poet oeuvre was contrived.
Evelyn wanted to be a police officer. She signed up for classes at her local college. She studied long and hard for the exams. She passed the exams very easily. Evelyn was accepted into the police academy.
Tim was at a camp with his father. The camp was situated along a stream. Tim was playing in the boat tied to the dock. The boat came loose and Tim began to float away. Tim's father ran to help his son.
I was looking at my lawn one day. I was sad that my grass was brown. My neighbor's grass was green. I wanted green grass just like my neighbor. So I decided to move in with him.
Connie was walking back from school when she tripped and fell. She was wearing her favorite pair of blue jeans. She looked down and realized that she just tore a large hole in them. Connie was very upset and explained what happened to her mother. The next day, Connie's mother surprised her with a new pair of jeans.
William attended Sunday church service with his family. The pastor droned on with the service. William rolled his eyes. When the pastor asked the congregation to pray, William snickered. His mother elbowed him in the side.
I wanted a new keyboard for my iPad. I wanted something that was portable. Thankfully I found one that was backlit. It was great. It fit perfectly.
Today I would be going on my first date. I searched through my closet for the perfect dress. I had to decide between two dresses. Black or Red? Finally I decided to go with red.
Ben went swimming in the quarry. He had a great time, but when he got out, he spotted something. Attached to his leg was a huge leech! Ben shrieked and panicked. When he finally calmed, he was able to yank the leech off.
I met a girl online and met her at her college dorm. We had so much fun together. One day on my way home we talked on the phone and had an argument. The argument got so heated I told her I didn't want her anymore. She threw away stuff I left over and gave some to her ex boyfriend.
Everyone knew that Tim believed in ghosts. So some of his classmates decided to play a prank on him. During recess, they climbed onto a building. And they held out a milk carton attached to an invisible string. Tim began to cry and was eventually taken home.
Amy and Kim were jumping on the trampoline in Kim's yard. Kim dared Amy to jump higher, and higher. Amy jumped high, and ended up stepping on the ledge. She slid off the trampoline and onto the grass. She had a bruise on her leg for a week as a result of the fall.
The bird landed under the large rose bush. It twittered loudly as it looked for bugs to eat. It looked up just as the car crept up beside it. Wings flapping, it took off into the air. The cat lunged, missing the bird completely.
Cameron decided to go rock climbing with his friends. He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground. He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back. Next time he goes climbing, he is using a harness.
It was time the boys got a dog. Their mother let them choose the name for the puppy. They thought long and hard, and chose the name Riley. They went to pick up the puppy from the kennel. Immediately they decided he was more a Spike than a Riley.
This the story of how I met my wife. Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway. A girl was standing in a nearby classroom doorway as I picked them up. She smiled at me and said that when she grew up, she was having girls. 23 years later, she's my wife and we have two girls - and a boy.
A deer ran in front of Tom's car one night. Tom panicked. He swerved to avoid the deer. He hit a guardrail instead. Tom's car was badly damaged.
Simon wanted to see Zootopia. His mother said she would take him if he cleaned his room. Simon spent the afternoon making his room spotless. His mom took him to an early evening show. Simon enjoyed the movie.
Jason enjoyed collecting baseball cards with his dad. His dad decided to trade one of Jason's favorite cards. He was very upset. Jason's dad did not realize how much the card meant to him. Jason's dad made it up to him by trading back the card.
Gina's bed had golden balls on the tops of the posts. One was loose. She blamed her sisters. She tried to screw it back in. A week later it fell off completely.
Anna found a big toad in the road outside her house. She carried it inside and asked her mom to keep it. But her mom explained that the toad would be happier outside. Anna thought it over and decided her mom was right. She went back outside and let the toad hop away, free.
Angelo was experiencing a dream come true. He was going to a Golden State Warriors game! He was sitting at the very top row but he didn't care. He was just happy to be there! The Warriors won and Angelo was thrilled!
Jimmy watched as his dog killed a mouse. He looked around the field. He saw mice scurrying everywhere. He ran out of the field scared of the mice. He climbed a tree and slept there that night.
Jim was drinking water from his thermos. His thermos ran empty, so he walked to a nearby stream. He filled it up, but then saw something upstream. A dead deer was laying in the water. Jim realized he would have to boil this water.
The kids were building a fort. They used their biggest blanket. They spread it over some chairs and a table. When they were finished, they climbed inside. It was a cozy, fun fort!
My wife uses the car more than I do. She usually fills the car with gas if it is half full. Today she got into the car and it was almost on empty. She went to a gas station and filled up the tank. She said she had just forgotten to look at the fuel gauge.
McKinley was walking home from school with her friends. She saw a fence and thought it would be fun to jump from post to post. She adventurously climbed up to the first post and jumped. Unfortunately, the second post was wet and McKinley fell from it. She screamed when she realized she had broken her arm badly.
Alex rode with his friend to school every day. Alex never paid for gas. One day, Alex's friend got tired of giving Alex a free ride. Alex's friend stopped picking Alex up at his house. Alex had to walk to school every day.
We were heading home from the Zoo. We decided to order two boxes of pizza for dinner. We had it delivered because we were all so tired. The delivery man showed up with three boxes. He wanted to treat us for being great customers.
I was headed out of town for Thanksgiving. Knowing it would be busy, I left early to get to the airport. Traffic was at a standstill. I became anxious at the thought of missing my flight. Thankfully, my plane was delayed and I made it on time.
Anna was playing volleyball at the regional tournament. She moved to spike the ball. But she did not see the teammate behind her! She hit the girl in the nose! Anna felt terrible about hitting her teammate!
Randy took a new job in California. They told him that he would eventually transfer back to Texas. Randy missed his friends and family in Texas. The transfer back home never materialized. Randy moved back to Texas after resigning from his new job.
Jeremy jumped into the water to swim. It was 14 degrees outside, and his first polar plunge. He felt his heart rate rise and his muscles cramp. Stiff as a board he exited the lake. He is still not sure if it was worth it.
Some friends and I climbed over a cemetery gate late at night. We walked around with a flashlight for a couple minutes. Suddenly the light went out. We heard what sounded like groaning from a few meters away. We jumped the gate, running as fast as our feet could carry us.
Mary had never cooked a chicken before. She decided to cook one for dinner one night. She knew that she liked her steaks rare. Mary cooked the chicken rare. The chicken made Mary very sick.
The baby smiled up at me sweetly. I cuddled her close to my chest. She reached up to my face with her chubby hands. I leaned down toward her. She covered my nose in kisses.
The man rode his bike fast. A dog chased him. He tried to outrun the dog. The dog caught up to his front wheel. The dog caused the man to crash his bike.
Patricia went to the hospital to see her dad. He had been sick and had been calling for her. He wanted to see his Patty Cake to tell her he loved her. She sat by his bed every day as he told her stories of her childhood. He told her he always loved her and she'd always be his Patty Cake.
Em found a pregnant cat lost on the street one day. She had always wanted a cat more than anything! But she decided to do the right thing and call the cat's owner. The owner was so happy, she promised Me one of the kittens. So Em finally got her cat after all!
Stella went to a concert at a local club. She loved the band that was playing. She immediately developed a crush on the band's lead singer. After the show she asked him for an autograph. He complied, and Stella was overjoyed.
An eagle flew up high in the sky. The eagle was seeking fish. He spotted a raccoon dragging a fish from the river. The eagle dived down. He stole the fish from the raccoon and flew away.
Danielle needed to mail a package to Canada. She drove to the post office. Danielle went into the mail counter. She paid for postage to send the box to Canada. The postal employee handed Danielle a receipt.
The shower in my new home needed to be cleaned frequently. I wasn't completely sure how to clean a shower so I looked it up. I realized the directions were very simple after reading them. The next day I went to the store for cleaning solution. I cleaned that shower so well it was nearly sparkling!
We were looking for another cat to keep our current cat busy. We went to an adoption fair. After a while we picked a cat we liked. Then a woman let her foster cat out of its carrier. In an instant we knew that this cat was for us.
Blaine wasn't generally good in gym class. Early second semester, he was introduced to wrestling. His moderate strength helped him discover he had a talent for it! The next year, he applied himself and joined the wrestling team. This gave him confidence, good health, and a clear career path.
Holly wanted her boyfriend to marry her. She decided to give him an ultimatum. She insisted that he propose soon or they break up. She was so nervous to hear his response. Luckily, he chose to propose right then and there.
Gina was in her room holding the door knob. The handle had fallen off on the other side. She was without a way to open the door. She yelled through the hole for her mother. But no one heard her cries for help.
Harold and his friends were climbing trees. Harold was the last one up when a branch snapped. He barely climbed into the tree as his support branch fell. Him and his friends were now stuck without a way to climb. Luckily some firefighters came shortly after to help them.
Sarah had always wanted to see a firefly in person. Sarah lived in the city and had never seen a firefly. Sarah asked around her neighborhood where fire flies could be seen. Sarah found out about a location where fire flies inhabited. Sarah drove out to the location and finally saw fireflies in person.
Tim was always nervous about meeting new people. Tim's girlfriend insisted that he should meet her parents. Tim started to panic. They all met at dinner later that night. Tim was so anxious that he spilled his drink at the restaurant.
Anne went to the park with her dad. There, she unfurled her kite. Her dad helped her get it airborne. Then he helped her fly it. They flew Anne's kite all afternoon!
Josh was checking the mail outside. The mail hadn't passed yet. Josh saw the mailman walking his way. Josh waited for the mailman. The mailman gave him the mail.
At our apartment, we thought a lady was selling drugs. People were coming to her window and knocking all night long. One day, an officer showed up with a drug dog. He started chasing her cat. We wondered if she had cats to cover for drug dealing.
Linet was a tough girl. She was not afraid of anyone or anything. One day a boy decided to pick on Linet. He thought she wasn't going to be able to defend herself. Linet left the boy with a black eye and bruised leg.
Lucy had a crush. Her crush worked at video store near her grandparents house. Her grandma saw her blush and flirt with the guy. On the way home her grandma asked her about him. Lucy blushed and declined to answer her questions.
The wind was howling outside. It rattled the windows and knocked over the garbage can. Haley looked out the window and saw a tree fall down. She ran and hid in her basement. The weather was too scary for her!
Gage was taught that voting was his privilege in America. Sam was taught that his vote wouldn't count for much at all. When Gage and Sam became friends they argued about it a lot. Gage tried to convince Sam that voting was important. Sam didn't care until it was his son who ran for office.
King loved to listen to music. He listened for hours every single day. One day he decided he was tired of his music. He rushed to the store and bought some new CDs. Now, King listens to his new music.
Ken was going on a flight to his parents home. He had to pass through airport security. Ken had forgotten that he had his pocket knife on him. Ken's pocket knife was confiscated. After a search, Ken was allowed to board the plane.
John just got out of work, so he went to Wendys. He got chili and enjoyed it in his car. He notices there is a band aid in his chili! He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl. They said no, now he is considering filing a lawsuit.
Tim hates cats. But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat. Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her. The cat wins him over. He realizes that not all cats are jerks.
Carl visits the poor neighborhood he grew up in. He wanted to help out kids who needed it. He helped do community work to clean up some parks. Carl felt really good about helping his community. Carl made a difference to a lot of people in the community.
Hal was a good tennis player but he wasn't the best. He spent a great deal of time reading about his opponents. On the court, he seemed to always come up a bit short. He continued to improve his tennis skill, playing more every day. Unfortunately he never became the best tennis player.
My friend R and her husband G were going to a beach party. They were bringing cups. G got bad news from work and did not want to go to the party. R asked who will bring the cups. G said they will manage, and they did not go to the party.
Dan played wide receiver for his high school football team. One Friday night, Dan and his team played against a rival school. During the game, the quarterback threw a pass to Dan. Dan caught the pass and scored the winning touchdown. The fans cheered and Daniel was named the player of the game.
Dave spread manure on his garden. The day's were long in the arctic circle, and the vegetables grew quick. He looked at the tomatos on the vine. He picked one and bit in. It was so juicy and soft.
I visited the hospital this morning. As soon as I was registered, I took the elevator to the fourth floor. The nurse took my vitals and started my treatment. Before leaving, my child life specialist told me about a special event. I ended up leaving 2 hours later after attending the event.
Lydiette and Norm were getting married. They were planning a big wedding. They had hired a wedding planner to take care of the event. Lydiette chose an outdoor wedding. The day of the wedding it rained and all the plans had to be changed.
Nancy was baking a pie for her boyfriend's birthday. She left the kitchen for a brief moment. When she got back, she smelled something burning. The pie was reduced to ashes when she took a look at it. Her boyfriend found it funny and thanked her for trying.
Robbie was at a party. Suddenly he felt something. Somebody tried to steal his wallet. Rob approached the guy. The guy apologized and they let it go.
Mia has 3 dogs that always want to sleep with her. Mia only has an air mattress and doesn't want the dogs on it. Mia makes sure to keep the dogs from her room. Mia forgot to shut her door and the dogs jumped on her bed. The dogs had sharp nails and popped Mia's air mattress.
I decorated a room for a little girl. Since I couldn't have one, I made one for my cousin. I decked it out in dolls and pink. I hung a pretty picture over the bed. I built a giant purple and pink dollhouse to sit in the corner.
Sue called the arborist to check out the trees in her yard. He confirmed her suspicion that the large tree in front was dying. When they began to remove it a large branch fell on the roof. The branch broke a section of the roof and it had to be replaced. Sue had to live in a hotel for two weeks while the roof was repaired.
Tom wanted to take pictures. He did not want anyone else to see the pictures. He was extremely concerned about his privacy. He took Polaroids to be certain no one else would ever see. He successfully concealed the pictures from others.
Tom's car was having problems. He took it to several mechanics. None were able to help him. Eventually Tom asked a knowledgeable friend about it. The friend was able to send him down the right path.
The lion trainer opened the lion's' cage. He brought one of the lions into the center ring. He began the exercises as he had so many times before. A metal wheel on the groundskeeper's cart squealed suddenly. The startled lion mauled its trainer, instead of doing its exercises.
Tom always hated cashews. They didn't taste like anything. He vowed to never eat cashews. One day a friend sprinkled salt on them. Since that day Tom always loved cashews.
Kevin's father asked him to wax his new car. Kevin left the wax on the car for too long. The car did not look good after Kevin finished waxing it. Kevin's father did not get upset. He decided to show Kevin how to wax the car next time.
Nick was invited to a party by a friend. He showed up to the party in his nicest clothes. Nick mingled with people and drank alcohol. Nick began to act stupidly and fell off a table. He was taken to the hospital with a broken leg.
The family heard a loud crash. Someone had broken their window! The dad boarded the window up. The mom swept the glass up. They all peered outside to figure out what had happened.
I saw a greased melon contest. They put grease on a watermelon. People went in the pool after it. It only took a few seconds. My friend Spike won the contest.
Gary had a dog. Gary would fill up the dog's water bowl every morning. One day, Gary forgot to fill up the bowl. His dog kept barking at him all morning! Gary realized the water bowl was empty and filled it up.
Terry had terrible anxiety. She was afraid to even order at a restaurant. Her boyfriend took her on a date to a magic show. Terry was so scared to be called on she didn't want to go. After being put in a box and cut in half, Terry is now single.
Luke was Greek and proud of his heritage. When he turned 18 he took a trip to his native land. He visited lots of ruins and snapped tons of photos. When he got home he hung them all on his fridge. Luke loved to show them off to his friends!
Tom was getting married. He got cold feet at the last minute. He ran out of the chapel. His fiance didn't know what to do. She never saw him again.
Andy couldn't shoot a three point basketball shot to save his life. He desperately wanted to be able to hit one. He practiced the shot day in and day out. Andy finally started making shots. When  it came game time, Andy was able to hit the game winning three.
A rippling tornado tore through the trailer park. Dorothy clung to her plumbing fixture for dear life. After the storm subsided, she took stock of her surroundings. Dorothy was relieved to be alive and still have most her stuff. Her relief was cut short when the insurance company denied her claim.
For dessert, Jason decided to make a cake. He looked up a cake recipe online. He picked one that was chocolate with peanut-butter frosting. Jason noticed that he had all the needed ingredients in his kitchen. Jason baked the cake and ate it after having dinner.
Driving home, Jack was startled by a loud pop! The car swerved dangerously and he managed to pull over. He got out and saw the tire had blown out. Jack got the spare form the trunk and changed the tired. He considered himself lucky that he hadn't lost control of the car.
I wanted to build a PC to game, record, and stream on simultaneously. I created a list of the most powerful parts on the market. Eventually I had crafted my list. The total price for it was obscenely high. I tempered my expectations and began remaking my build.
Betty was serving her husband his dinner one night. While carrying a hot tray of food she falls and breaks the tv. Betty's husband gets very upset with her. Betty tries to turn the tv on but it will not turn on. Betty eventually had to buy a new TV.
We made christmas cookies this weekend. We went to the store to get all the ingredients. We had to make sure we would have everything we would need. Then we started by following the recipes. The end results was tons of cookies for everyone to share.
Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49. His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks. On the last drive, Russell Wilson drove down the field to take the lead Malcolm Butler of the Patriots intercepted the ball. The Patriots won and Billy ran out of the lounge yelling.
Cam had failed science class. His mother was very angry. She grounded Cam until his grades improved. Cam studied hard every night. Soon his grade had risen to a B.
Candy did her best to ignore the bully. But the bully kept following her around. She got so frustrated that she stopped walking away. The bully got way too close to her face. Candy hauled off and punched the bully, knocking her out cold.
Jamie was pitching at a baseball game. He decided to try and throw ten strikes in a row. Jamie threw five strikes in a row in the first half. In the second half, Jamie hurt his arm while pitching. He was unable to finish the game and didn't get ten strikes.
Terri was heartbroken when the dog she'd had since childhood died. In her grief she vowed never to own another dog. But soon she started dating Dan, who had a beloved dog of his own. She was worried, but the moment she met Ruby she loved her. She would never forget her dog, but now knew she could love another.
Grace was a huge fan of David Bowie. Her favorite song by Bowie was his collaboration with the band Queen. The song in question was title Under Pressure. She got a tattoo declaring her love for the track. Later she preferred Bowie's solo stuff and regretted the tattoo.
Eva had just gotten a cat, and she loved it. But getting ready to go out one night, she saw a problem. All her sweaters were covered with cat hair! Eva had to stop to the store for a lint roller on her way out. She ended up being twenty minutes late to join her friends.
Richard's old phone broke so he decided to get a new phone. He was intent on getting an iphone but it was too expensive. He then proceeded to look at other smart phones. His mom paid for a flip phone for him. He wasn't happy with it but at least it can call and text.
Hudson went to the petting zoo with his parents. He saw new animals that were exotic to him. Of them, his favorite were the camels. Hudson got to feed and pet them. Hudson's new favorite place is the petting zoo.
I set my clock to alarmed at 8:00 am. My clock didn't alarmed until 8:45 am. I immediately jumped out of bed. I rushed to take a shower and get dressed. I felt embarrassed arriving at work 15 minutes late.
Sam has a big test in the morning. He got extremely stressed so he stayed up all night. He went into class the next day and slept through the test. Sam failed the test. He vowed to never sleep through the test again.
Ana was starting first grade. Her parents had no money to buy her a backpack. But when Anna got off the bus that afternoon, she was smiling. On her back was a shiny new Dora backpack. Ana said her teacher had had extra backpacks!
Carla had grown up wanting to be a lawyer. However, when she reached law school she began to have doubts. After two Year's of school she decided to drop out. Now she has the debt from law school but no degree. Now Carla wishes she had never wanted to be a lawyer.
Sophia was a picky eater. She only liked certain foods. Her mother decided to introduce new foods gradually. Initially, Sophia would not eat the new food. Eventually, she got used to trying different types of foods.
One day, Sally was eating nuts and heard a crack. She had bitten into a shell and cracked her tooth! The tooth hurt very badly. She called her dentist. The dentist saw her later that day and fixed her tooth.
Sammy always claimed to make the perfect pancake. Not just in shape, but in fluffiness and taste too. Last week he and his friends decided to have a competition. Everyone tried their best pancake recipe. He was the clear winner.
It was my first time cooking dinner for myself. I decided to stay simple and cooked a hamburger. As the meat cooked, my nose was treated with a wondrous smell. After it finished, I took it off the grill and slapped it on a bun. I wasted no time and took a huge bite of my perfect burger.
Jennifer was getting married. She chose red dresses for her bridesmaids. The shop measured all of the bridesmaids incorrectly. On the day of the wedding, all of the dresses were too big. Jennifer was just happy she looked good in her dress.
He raised his hand before he struck her. Something about her look stopped him. He backed away before doing something he would regret. He looked at her lover lying dead on the couch. His anger had gone far enough already.
I took my young daughter to the animal shelter. We got to the shelter and looked at all the dogs there. I told my daughter that we were only here to look around. But soon an adorable dog caught our attention. We adopted the dog and happily took it home.
Tatiana had just come home from a day of errands. However, at her front porch she realized she lost her house key. She inquired whether anyone found a lost key, but had no luck. Fortunately, she had a spare key hidden outside. Her next task was to change the locks in her house.
Ray had a tough time learning to drive. As an adult, he knew other teens were struggling too. So Ray opened up a driving school. He taught teens ways to drive safely. Ray helped lots of people get their licenses!
Tina was using her laptop yesterday. It was working just fine. However at some point it stopped working. Kelly had to give it to tech support. A week later it was working again.
I felt out of shape. I began walking a couple of miles every day. Soon I decided to climb Pikes Peak. I walked for hours and hours on the trail. I was happy when I made it to the top!
Gladyss peered through the foggy window. She saw a naked man in the sauna. Gladyss gasped because it was women's only. She entered determined to give him a piece of her mind. She apologized when she realized it was just a large woman.
Elijah was happy to be eighteen. He was able to vote now. He picked his favorite candidate. When the election was done he won. Elijah couldn't have been happier.
My coworker dated a woman who was sent to prison. She pled guilty to embezzling money. She served two years in jail. When she got out he resumed their relationship. Unfortunately they broke up a year later.
Amy's closet was an absolute mess. She decided to clean and organize her closet on the weekend. She pulled everything out of the closet and began to put it in bins. Halfway through she realized she didn't have enough bins. The closet wasn't perfect but it was better than before.
Tom's favorite show airs every Tuesday. He was not going to be home this Tuesday. Tom asked his roommate to record the show for him. When Tom came home his roommate admitted that he forgot. Tom had to read the synopsis online.
We took our niece to Disney and made sure to see Cinderella Castle. We got reservations at the restaurant there. She loved being treated like a princess. They came by with all the characters and she was so excited. It was one of our best vacations ever!
Jennifer went to the beach with friends. The sun was out and the beach was busy. Jennifer went into the ocean and went swimming. She got out of the water and dried off with a towel. Jennifer then got in the car with her friends and went home.
Bill and Dan used to be best friends when in college together. They used to talk about having a startup tech company. One day Bill came home to find Dan in his home, with Bill's wife. Dan and Janice, Bill's wife, informed him of their relationship. Bill stormed out and never spoke to Dan or Janice again.
Tom lived in a hot weather climate. Tom disliked sweating. One day his home's air conditioner stopped working. He called a repairman. The repair-man fixed Tom's air conditioning unit.
Kim was on the highway driving to work. All of a sudden her car shut off and came to a stop. She turned the key, but nothing happened. Kim called her friend Gary who thought she broke a belt. She sat in the hot car in the sun and waited for Gary to come.
I had the flu one day. I could hardly eat anything. However, I forced myself to eat. This caused me to throw up. Throwing up made me feel better because the vile is exiting my body.
One day Ellen and her friends went on a nature walk. Ellen forgot to put on bug spray. She got lots of mosquito bites. She put on lots of Benadryl when she got home. She never forgot bug spray again.
Last year we got some eggs. We hatched the eggs in an incubator. The chicks that hatched were very cute. Our chicks grew into beautiful birds. When they were six months old, our chickens began laying eggs!
My cousin and I were having a pillow fight. I chose the big pillow because I thought I could hit harder with that. Unfortunately, I couldn't even lift the big pillow. Meanwhile, my cousin pummeled me with the little pillow. All the while, I could only drag the big pillow behind me.
Jon wanted to visit his father. To get to his father's house he would need to drive for three hours. So Jon woke up early and started to drive to his dad. He arrived in two hours and forty minutes. His dad was excited to see him.
Maria was having her first day at school. She enjoyed her classes except for her music class. During the first few days she realized that it was interesting to her. She begged her counselor to switch her schedule but classes were full. Luckily they found one opening in photography which Maria loved.
It was almost time for the big game. We made up commercial bingo squares for the kids. We made sure to make lots of apps. Everyone would then come and watch the big game. It was a family tradition that we love.
Last week the guys and I decided to watch sports. We bought beer and got some snacks. We watched football for hours and had a great time. My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer. Overall everyone enjoyed the day.
Tim was shoe shopping. He saw a spiffy pair of red shoes. He bought them quickly. After a week his feet were killing him. After that he always took his time when buying shoes.
Johnson notices that he has trouble seeing objects that are far away. He decides to have his eyes checked at an eye doctor. The eye doctor tells Johnson that he should get glasses. Johnson starts wearing glasses and can now see much better. He is happy that he no longer has difficulty seeing.
Tommy's dad was away from business. He wasn't supposed to make it home for Christmas. Tommy was sad but understood. Christmas morning Tommy noticed someone was downstairs. His dad made it after all.
Mary was very sad her pet fish, Bubbles, died. Her parents told her that he was swimming in Heaven's ocean. They held a very nice farewell ceremony for Bubbles. Her parents got her a new pet fish named Bubbles Junior. Mary still misses her old fish but is very happy to have a new one.
Tim had never had a kiss. He tried to kiss a girl he liked. It was awkward and strange. Tim tried again. After a while they started dating.
Erica was in her history class in college. She had a big exam that day. She felt nervous going into the exam. Erica had prepared all week for it. Her teacher told her last minute the exam would be pushed to tomorrow.
Stephen wanted to have a house party. He invited some friends. Then he set up food and games. Finally, he put some good music on. His friends showed up and the party went well.
The team was having practice. A thunderstorm blew in. The lightning was getting closer and closer. The coach decided to send everyone home. Immediately, the rain started pouring down.
Mike was a frail kid with freckles. He was bullied for his money everyday. One day it got very bad. The bullies were surrounding him and he lost hope. But his friend came in at the last minute and saved him.
The gears on Ryan's motorcycle were seizing up. He needed some motor grease to lubricate them. He was too cheap to buy any. So he used his mother's cooking grease instead. The grease became too hot and his motorcycle caught on fire.
Sean was from Texas but living in Oregon. He badly missed the classic Elgin sausages of his home. He decided to try to recreate the mysterious recipe. Nothing was quite right but after many attempts he had a good copy. The sausages were enough to keep him happy until he could move home.
The boat was at sea. The seas got really rough and the crew was nervous. The captain kept them calm. The storm passed after five hours. The crew was okay just startled
Tom enjoyed delicious drinks. Tom valued his health. Tom found a store that sells fresh squeezed orange juice. Tom frequented the store. Tom was very happy with the delicious drink.
Mike decided to volunteer for a farm. He met great people. And he enjoyed taking care of animals. He felt sad when the day was over. But he was given lots of free vegetables.
Melody just turned 16. She is eager to get her license. She has practiced driving every day. Her mom surprised her with a car for her birthday. Now, she can get her license and drive everywhere!
My friends and I decided that we really needed to carve pumpkins. Sam looked up directions while we all piled in the car. We chatted and enjoyed each other's company as we drove. Once we got there we all rushed to pick out our pumpkins. We each got a pumpkin that was unique and said something out us.
Lily liked eating sweets. She roasted marshmallows over the fire. Then she put them on a graham cracker with chocolate bars. She could eat twenty of them! Lily thought s'mores were the best part about camping.
Amy's aunt Rita was visiting from out of town. Rita decided to make french toast one day as they were talking. Amy had never made french toast at home before. Rita showed Amy how to make french toast. They had a great time talking, laughing, and eating french toast.
Marge planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift. She brought a book to pass the time. Marge turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed. Marge realized she had drained the car battery. She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping.
Tim wanted to play an instrument. He decided to attempt the drums first. He channeled his energy towards this instrument. A band member saw him and liked what he saw. He now is the drummer for a band.
June's husband noticed that she vacuumed every day. He surprised her with a robot vacuum to do the job. June put up her trusty vacuum and let the robot go to work. But she soon realized she missed the daily chore. When her husband was at work, June short-circuited the robot.
I grew up on a farm in the middle of nowhere. I ran around barefoot and got dirty often. My dad got a job in the city. We moved to the city to be closer to his job. I miss being a country girl.
Mary found an emerald stone in a cave while traveling. She had it examined by an expert to ascertain its value. As it was very valuable, she insured it. And she had it mounted as a necklace. When a thief stole it, she was rich, but missed her souvenir.
Gina had searched a classmate's desk for her missing pencils. She was disappointed they weren't there. Then she realized they may be in his backpack. But she had no way of searching that alone. Gina began to devise a plan to get the bag from him.
Kim went to the beach with her kids. They had a lot of fun making sand castles. Her kids even swam in the ocean for the first time! They made a lot of good memories together swimming and having fun. Kim was glad that she took her kids to the beach.
Max decided to attend a cooking class. He paid the registration fee online. Max went to the class on the assigned date. He learned to cook a casserole and pie! He cooked for his girlfriend the next week.
Adam loves to eat sandwiches when he drinks. Last night he got too drunk while making a sandwich. He could not wait to eat this sandwich. After about three bites he started choking. Adam choked to death because he forgot to take off the cheese wrapper.
Karen decided to go on a low-carb diet. One day, she found herself craving spaghetti and meatballs. Since pasta is a carb Karen looked for recipes with substitutes. She decided to make the noodles from spaghetti squash instead. It was so disgusting, she ordered a pizza.
Val was eating in her bed. Her parents didn't want her to eat in her room. Val's mother went into her room the next day. She saw crumbs on her bed. She knew that Val had been eating in her room.
Billy stole a candy bar from a store. He bragged to his friend's about stealing it. His friend told his mother. His mother made him return the candy bar to the store. The boy never stole again.
Last night I could not find my great grandmother's diamond ring. I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom. I went to bed that night, tears streaming down my face. I woke up the next morning to feed my dog Sticky Fingers. And to my surprise the ring was in her doggy bed safe and sound.
Tina was friends with Fred. All of the sudden he said mean things to her. Tina was very upset. She didn't want to be his friend anymore. The two parted ways.
Jake tried to bake a frozen pizza. He put it in the oven and started watching tv. Jake forgot to set an alarm. After a while he smelled smoke. He had burned the pizza he forgot about.
The boy cried. A woman saw the boy crying. She wanted to help. The boy did not want her help. The boy's mother came running over.
Abbey wanted to take a vacation with her husband. They were pretty poor and couldn't afford one. One day she heard about low-key internet loans. She applied online and found out she was qualified. They got a loan and used it to go on vacation.
Jose was walking downtown during lunch break to grab a bite to eat. He noticed a beggar at the front of a restaurant and wanted to help. Jose grabbed a dollar bill and handed it to the hopeful beggar. After lunch, Jose left the restaurant to utter disappointment. The beggar bragged about making $90 while walking away with a friend.
Cindy lives in a house with 7 people. It is always so loud no matter which room she hides in. She begged for silence. Everyone ignored her. She finally ran away for the weekend.
Jane offered his friend some candy. He didn't tell him it was sour. Jane's friend popped it in her mouth right away. She immediately puckered her face. Jane laughed at her.
Justin had never swam in a lake before. He wondered if doing so was considered dangerous. He consulted his father, who told him it was. Despite that, he went out to the lake the next morning. Before he stepped in, he came to his senses and stopped.
Our cat hides under the chair during thunderstorms. Two nights ago the skies were clear. Yet our cat went under the bed. Later that night the news reported a low pressure front was coming. We were amazed.
Gavin was playing basketball with his friends. Gavin's team was made up of older boys. The other team quickly fell behind. Gavin's team won the game. For the next game, the boys split up more evenly.
Clara was excited to go bike riding today with her friend. The two girls got on their bikes and rode around the neighborhood. Clara's bike started wobbling and she began to lose balance. She ended up falling off her bike. Luckily she had some bandages and sealed the wound.
When I was a child i loved going grocery shopping with my mom. My brothers and sisters also like going grocery shopping. We took turn going shopping. Due to my age i cried the last day me and my mom shopped. Today i always take my mom shopping when i visit her.
Amy had a big report due at school. She finished it on time. But she forgot to bring it to school! She called her mom and asked her to bring it. Luckily, her mom agreed to drop it off at the school!
John had a big work project to do. He began listening to instrumental music at work. He noticed this helped his productivity. He noticed this made his work experience more enjoyable. John became a much happier person in and outside of work.
Lewis always liked to pick a fight in his regular bar. He'd drink five beers and punch someone. The owner always ended up calling the police. And Lewis would spend the night in jail. Still, Lewis would restart the same way the next day like clockwork.
We went to Tanglewood this summer. We hired a driver as I am disabled. The driver asked who the music director was before the current one. I drew a blank, suddenly. Later I remembered it was James Levine.
Jan felt jealous of her baby sister. Jan resented it when her mom asked her to babysit. Instead of watching the baby, Jan talked to friends on the phone. Jan heard a thud and saw the baby had fallen off the couch. She was relieved when she grabbed up her crying baby sister.
Shirley hated the grass a lot. She didn't like how it felt on her feet. One day, she decided to go outside. Suddenly, Shirley was forced to step on some grass. After that, Shirley enjoyed walking on grass every day.
Drew needed to find a date. It was almost time for his prom. He decided to ask his best friend Jennifer. He was nervous and asked her. She said she would go with Drew on his big night.
Ken didn't know how to tie his shoes properly. His father tried to show him different ways to do it. Ken still didn't get it. He had to go to his mother. She taught him how to do it easily.
Tim couldn't afford a gym membership. He bought weights over time. He would work out at home to stay in shape. Unfortunately he didn't have a spotter and dropped a weight. He hurt himself a bit and decided to be more safe from then on.
Jerry felt his left foot turning numb. He was hiking in the wilderness in the middle of winter. His left boot was leaking water. He quickly tapped his boot with duct tape. Jerry's foot was able to stay dry for the rest of the trip.
Jim was reading the newspaper. He saw an advertisement for a truck. He really wanted to purchase it. He called the number on the advertisement. He went to the dealership and got an amazing deal on the truck.
Lily and her friends decided to check out the new movie. They had been dying to see it. Finally they got to the theater. During the movie, someone had their feet against her chair. Lily had to yell at them.
Greg is playing in a basketball game. There are only a few ticks on the clock left. The ball is passed to Greg. He puts up the shot and it goes in! The crowd screams and Greg is a local hero!
Ida hated cleaning her toilet. She decided to get it done and over with quickly. She scrubbed and scrubbed for over an hour. Then she bleached it and watched it gleam and sparkle. Ida felt great about her spotless-clean toilet!
Jasper notices that his hair is getting thinner as he becomes older. He doesn't like the way it looks any more. One day he decides to shave all of his hair off. It is a big change. Although he doesn't love his shaved head, it's better than thin hair.
Jan dreamed of being a ballet dancer ever since she was a little girl. Jan began taking dance lessons at a very early age. Jan decided to audition for a local ballet academy. Jan scored the highest out of all the auditions for the academy. Jan went on to be a successful ballet dancer.
Callie wanted a new dress. She knew her mom could not afford one. Callie decided to get a job. She finally saved up enough. Callie was excited to buy her dress.
Richard spent every day with his dog Spot. They loved to go on long walks together. Richard notices that Spot is getting older, but he tries to ignore it. One day Spot gets sick and dies. Richard has lost not only his best friend, but his only friend.
I went to the beach with my family. We dug a hole in the beach. We were going to put crabs in them that night. We were asked to fill in the hole. We still found crabs at night.
Steph's cousin was coming to town. Steph was very excited. She planned many fun activities. Her cousin got sick his first day here. Steph was disappointed.
Lauren is feeling hungry one day. She decides to eat some skittles. Her favorite are the yellow ones. She eats many of them. Afterwards she feels less hungry.
I realized I lost all respect for him in that moment. I stopped speaking kindly and closed down. He asked what was wrong with me. I said I didn't want to talk about it. He told me I would have to eventually.
Ariana was excited to partake in the talent show locally. She performed a catchy dance move. To the audience's delight they loved it. When the winners were announced, Ariana won. Ariana was elated with joy
Frank was drinking whiskey at his regular place. Suddenly a loud noise of a car crash shook the building. He ran outside, where the driver, a young french lady was unconscious. He immediately took the girl to the nearby hospital. He waited all night and in the morning she opened her eyes.
For her entire life, Kate wanted to visit Hawaii. She began a special savings account and saved money for years. Finally, when she had saved thousands of dollars, she began to plan. She researched online, bought a plane ticket and booked a hotel room. Kate had lots of adventures in Hawaii and loved every minute.
Valentine had an estranged daughter he didn't know about. The mother had told his daughter that he had died during the war. When the daughter was older she got curious and hired a PI. He tracked Valentine down and reunited them. It was a strange but beautiful meeting.
Mary had a diary which she used to store her personal thoughts. Mary's brother came into her room and snooped around. Her brother found Mary's diary and started reading it. After some time, he felt a pang of guilt. Mary's brother returned the diary to its hiding spot.
Kate had a crush on Jake. He was a friend of her friend Tom. An angry Tom refused to set them up. Two years later she saw him on night at a club. She didn't speak to him because she didn't want to upset Tom.
Martin is out climbing with his friends. He watches all of his friends climb to the top. He is the last one to start climbing. He starts to climb and right before he reaches the top. He slips and falls down off of the mountain.
Felipe loved to play the drums. Everywhere he went he looked for drums to buy. Most of the drums cost way more than what he had. Finally Felipe found someone selling used drums for a cheap price. He went and bought the drums and began practicing all the time.
Bethany is four years old. She asked her mother where her brother came from. Her mother told her a story about a stork. Bethany was very confused. Her mother gave her ice cream to distract her.
Jim and Dave were friends in high school. They were very competitive and made a wager. They made a deal that whoever could do more push-ups should win. Dave did fifty push-ups but Jim did seventy-three. Dave did Jim's laundry for a whole month as a result.
Anita always likes to clean the house on Sunday afternoons. She focuses on getting the kitchen clean. After cleaning the kitchen she works on the other rooms. When she is finished cleaning, she likes to have a glass of wine. Anita is proud of keeping a clean home.
Oliver was visiting the dog pound with his family. They were looking for a new puppy. Then, Oliver spotted an older, tired looking dog. He was a stray who had been injured. Oliver decided that he wanted to give that dog a home.
Tom's bicycle went missing. He figured it was stolen. He checked with local law enforcement. They told him someone turned it in. Tom was thankful and picked it up.
I had to go the the airport once and took a shuttle service. It ended up being just me and the driver all the way to Atlanta. He started talking to me about marriage and unity. It was so funny to me because he kept saying unitity and not unity. In the end, I left on a plane with a bit more knowledge about unitity.
Allison was invited to a wedding. She realized she had no suitable clothing. She went shopping for an appropriate dress. Eventually she found a beautiful blue dress on sale. Allison was very happy with her new dress.
I went to a barbecue at my uncle's house today. There was a bee flying around my food. I tried to swat it with my arm. The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm. I was in so much pain.
When I was painting my nails yesterday I had an accident. I started painting in the living room when the polish fell. The polish dropped on the carpet. I immediately rushed clean it up. Unfortunately it would not come out.
Brenda was on her way home from work one day. She decided to stop by the grocery store. She picked up a few items to make for dinner. She decided to buy a lottery ticket. It was Brenda's lucky day as she was the Jackpot Winner.
Will was hiking in the woods one day. Suddenly, totally unaware, he walked straight into a giant spiderweb! He flailed around, trying to get both the web and the spider off. Eventually the spider, also giant, fell off of him and skittered away. Will had to sit down for a minute to collect himself after that.
Yesterday, my roommate and I went to the grocery store. We left my cat at home like we normally do. When we got home, my vase was on the floor in a million pieces. My cat had gotten a piece of glass stuck in his paw. We had to take him to the vet for stitches.
Little Jimmy waited all year for Christmas. He dreamed of the morning santa would come. The months of the year dragged on and on. It was Christmas eve at last! Little Jimmy awoke on Christmas day to excitement and joy!
John decided to go camping. He invited his friend Tim. Because Tim couldn't go, John asked Bob. Bob declined. Ultimately, John didn't go because he was afraid to go alone.
Chad was looking for a self-storage unit. He found one in his town that let him purchase a rental online. Chad put in his credit card information with trust in his heart. He got an email confirming his rental. Chad was very happy with his new storage unit.
Renee went to New York City to visit a friend. She and her friend walked to the Brooklyn Bridge. It started to rain. Renee brought an umbrella from a street vendor. The umbrella flipped inside out and blew away!
I met my husband on line, where we spent hours emailing each other. After awhile we started talking on the phone which was great fun. Many months later I flew across the country to meet him. We then decided we wanted to make it permanent so I moved in with him. We have been married for six years and are very happy.
The lady planted a garden. The dog dug up the garden. The woman built a fence around the garden. She planted a new garden inside the fence. The dog jumped over the fence and dug up the garden again.
Tom fired his rifle into the crowd of protesters. He felt very powerful when they ran and screamed. Tom fired some more rounds, but everyone had fled and no one was hit. The cops hadn't fled, though. They put a permanent stop to Tom's antics with their own guns.
Adam was in line for lunch at school. The boy behind Andy shoved him. Andy turned around and punched the boy. Both boys were sent to the office. They were both given detention.
Laura wanted to make a speech. She got up on the podium. She was amazed at how the audience was sleepy. Her speech was very long. By the time she was done her audience was asleep.
My wife retired last week. One of her coworkers got her a gift. He had a mug inscribed with her name. He spelled her name Jerry instead of Gerry. She loved the cup, nonetheless.
Mike tried to not think about his old pet fish but he couldn't. The fish died 6 months ago but to mike, it happened yesterday. His mom and dad urged him to get another one but Mike wasn't sure. Finally his dad took him to the store and bought him another fish. Mike was happier once he got the fish in the tank.
Tonight I played chess against a 1390 opponent. My rating is 1450. I was losing. My opponent ignored a move. I checkmated him.
Jan wanted to travel. She saved up money for two Year's. Jan bought a plane ticket to Paris. From Paris, Jan hiked all around Europe. Now Jan is a better person and loves to travel.
My grandmother had an old chair she used to sit in. It wasn't in really good shape. We decided to fix it for her birthday. We covered it with a sheet, and when she came home we surprised her. She was really happy we fixed her old chair.
A spy wrote a secret message on a piece of paper. He then folded it up and placed it in a library book. He took the book back to the library and hid it in the stacks. Soon after, another spy picked up the book. He flipped through the pages and took secret message.
Kelly sat at the piano, heart hammering. There was no music. Nor could she remember the notes. Her panic rose as her audience began to whisper and stare meanly. She opened her mouth to scream and then woke to find herself in bed.
Blake realizes that he has been inactive for months. He decides he needs more exercise. Blake calls up all his friends to organize a small game of rugby. They meet at a local park and play for one hour. Blake is very happy that rugby is making his lifestyle more active.
Tom was a new student at his high school. Tom moved with his family from another state. Tom had trouble fitting in. Tom decided to start telling jokes. Everyone liked the jokes and befriended Tom.
My mom made me a chicken salad for dinner. I was very hyped for it and can't wait to dig in. However, I didn't like the lettuce. I just ate the chicken off the plate. My mom was mad, but I didn't care.
Amanda was a pretty model. She met Todd over the internet. The two dated online for a year. Amanda finally visited Todd. Todd was very disappointing to Amanda and she broke up with him.
Sara loves to play volleyball but she doesn't really know how. She is good at it only because she is really tall. Her friend Ashley taught her the fundamentals of the game. Sara spent all summer perfecting the sport. Now Sarah can play any position on the court, not just up on the net.
Jeff continued to hit Nancy with small pebbles. Eventually, he started to throw bigger rocks. Nancy became aggravated and grabbed a chair. She launched it towards Jeff. He fell on the floor.
I was driving across the Memphis bridge. Halfway across, my car ran out of gas. I was terrified, but pulled over to the side. I called my brother for help. He arrived an hour later with gas.
It was 90 degrees outside. Adam was sweaty and miserable. Then he jumped in a cold shower. He felt much better! He was glad he'd had the idea to cool off!
We went to the mall to buy christmas presents. It was pretty crowded and the parking lot was nuts. We circled the lot trying to find a space. We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it. We just let them have it and tried to find a new spot at the mall.
April is fascinated by health and medicine. She decided to become a doctor. She studied very hard in college and medical school. April graduated at the top of her medical school class. April now works in a hospital as a doctor.
Danny was cooking pancakes for his kids. He wasn't a good cook and burned the pancakes. Danny told his kids to get in the car. He brought his kids to a restaurant. The kids were excited to eat out.
Selene was nervous for her exam this morning. She stayed up all night trying to prepare for it but it was daunting. If Selene failed the exam, she would fail the class. As she walked into the classroom, she was incredibly timid. Much to her relief, when she got the exam, it seemed very easy.
Susan decides to make fondant for a party she is planning. She buys a great block of cheese for the fondu. She also gets bread and fruit to dip into the cheese. Her friends are all very impressed with the fondu. Susan is proud of the fondu she made.
Jared set out to improve an online volunteer-run encyclopedia. He made an editing account. He started copy editing articles. Many of his edits were undone due to arcane community rules. Jared became discouraged and stopped volunteering his time.
My garage is very large. I opened the door to the garage. My wife parked her car in there. She got out of the car. We both went inside the house.
Irene is an extreme right winger. Her daughter Pattie is a Democrat. Right now they are fighting over politics. Irene is mad that Pattie won't vote Republican. They got into a big argument 1 month ago and haven't talked since.
Kate was at her mom's house out of town. She decided she would sleep on the couch. But the couch was soft, and sunk too low. She tossed and turned all night. It was the worst sleep of her life.
I was able to hit the ball into the green. My friend's ball landed in the water. However, he was able to sink the hole in the next attempt. After my next hit, my ball came close to the hole. I fell short since the next hit was too strong.
My lawyer was taking forever to get my personal injury case settled. He made excuses about being busy, traveling, and doing other work. When he stopped answering my emails, I was furious and frustrated. Suspecting I was taking a back seat to bigger money, I confronted him. Sadly, he admitted rich clients and big settlements always come first.
Tom was in line outside of a bar. He noticed someone trying to cut in front. Tom called them out on it. Soon everyone else in line did too. The line cutter was forced to leave.
I lived in Kansas for my entire life. I had never seen an ocean. I decided to take a road trip to Malibu beach. Finally, I saw an ocean in real life! It was nothing spectacular.
Amy worked at home and asked questions in a chat room. A caller hung up on her as she awaited an answer. An hour later someone else asked the same question in the chat room. Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question. The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller.
Kate is pregnant. She feels very sick for the first few months. Her stomach becomes big very quickly. She makes an appointment with her doctor. Kate finds out at the doctor that she is pregnant with twins.
David joined the army as a way to land a Government job. But he didn't know his left leg would land 100 yards from his body. On a search mission in Iraq he stepped out a jeep to talk with people. The people ran away! A bomb exploded and David lost his left log.
I got my first record player in the mail, but had no records. I decided that I would go to the store and buy some vinyl. I went to the thrift store and bought several records. I went back home and set up the record player. Unfortunately, I found out then that the record player was broken.
Anna had just gotten her hair permed. She walked home from the salon, smiling. But as she walked, it began to drizzle. Anna hadn't brought an umbrella! Her fresh perm was ruined by the rain.
Stacy's dad took her to the drag races. One of the drivers wrecked his car and got severely burned. Seeing this upset Stacy. She told her dad that she wouldn't go to the drag races again. The next week, Stacy's dad took her to the stock car races.
Bill did not know the bell schedule for the first day of school. He couldn't find this information on the school website. Bill sent texts to several friends who were in his class. According to his friends, school began at 10am. Thanks to his friends, he was on time.
Alicia was feeling a little adventurous. She wanted to try Tofu. She had never had it before. So she took a small bite. To her delight it was delicious.
Liz was out running when she stepped into a hole. Her ankle bent as she fell to the ground. She got up but she couldn't put any weight on her foot. She looked around until she found a big tree branch to support. She was able to use it to help her hobble back home.
Abby noticed toys all over her living room. Abby immediately called her toddler to clean up. As she was cleaning up, they began singing the clean up song. Abby decided to help her daughter clean up the toys. Abby was proud that her daughter learned to clean up her toys.
Cali was suppose to get her driver's license in a few days. However she was scared to drive in traffic. Her dad told her if she needed to get over her fear to pass the test. She could not get the vision of wrecking the car out of her head. She decided to not take the driving test.
Kenny is a struggling musician. He has not had a hit record in years. So he sat down and started to write the perfect song. When he was done he recorded it. The song became a huge hit.
Alice wanted to learn a new skill. She asked her friend Tim to teach her how to do it. Tim was delighted to show her his moves. Alice became a great break dancer as well. They ended up putting on a wonderful show for their friends.
One of our neighbors complains constantly. Larry is a retired professor who is bored. He complains about the air conditioning and the heat. Last week he yelled at the concierge to lower the ac in the club room. The concierge refused, and Larry stormed off.
When my father died we had many flowers that we didn't want to toss. My sister found a group that takes flowers and makes bracelets. We gathered all the roses up and cut off the flowers. We sent them into the company along with a check. They sent back six bracelets for me and my 5 sisters to wear.
My son has a small stuffed bear. He sleeps with it at night. The bear had a small rip in its back. It lost some of its stuffing. I sewed it back together.
A father and son were playing in the park. The boy covered his eyes while his father ran off. His father went and hid behind a tree. The boy uncovered his eyes and looked for his father. Only a minute later, the boy found him.
Gina drank a specific brand of bottled water. Each week she went to the store and bought enough for 5-7 days. But the stores near her house were always running out of the water. Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough. It was inconvenient, but Gina felt it was worth it.
Sammy was a mother of a teenage boy. She tried to teach him all the right things to do in life. This included how to make good decisions. One day her son was offered recreational drugs. Using what his mother had taught him he refused the offer.
There are many forms of therapy to promote relaxation. Lately there has been a craze in adult coloring books. People have reported that it helps to relax them. So I tried to color when I was feeling very anxious. I quickly discovered that coloring is a great form of therapy.
Young Ivy loved sewing costumes and stuffed animals. One day, Ivy cut a circle out of a pair of corduroy pants she found. It was the perfect color for the puppet she was making. Ivy had thought the pants were cast-offs, but they were actually new! Her mother was furious when she found her new designer pants ruined!
Cari picked the ripe vegetables from the garden. She put the carrots and the peppers in separate bins. On the way to the house she dropped the peppers. She made a salad with carrots but no peppers. Her guests didn't suspect a thing.
Joe wanted a new bike. He did not have enough money for one. He decided to save up. He also did odd jobs for money. He finally had enough for a new bike.
Marcus wanted to fit in with his friends. They were smokers. So he decided to smoke. As a result, he got closer to his friends. But now he wastes money on smoking.
Chris bought a new music album online. He was pretty excited to get to listen to his favorite band's music. The band decided to change their music style to something hardcore. Chris was very disappointed with his purchase. Luckily for him the online store gave him a refund.
The man bounced the ball. A boy tried to get the ball from him. The boy could not get the ball. The boy got frustrated. The man gave the boy the ball.
Cad had worn contacts all through high school. Then he got an eye injury and couldn't wear his lenses the next day! He had to wear his glasses, and he feared being mocked. But to his surprise, none of his classmates laughed at all. In fact, many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses!
Sam got sick with the flu. He tried to stay away from everyone. Unfortunately his girlfriend got sick too. She spread it to people at work. Sam felt responsible for it all.
Debbie broke her cell phone. Her parents would not buy her a new one. She had no money except for a huge jar of change. She had been saving it since she was little. There was $400 in the jar, more than enough for a new phone.
A friend of mine did a big favor for me. I wanted to find a way to repay her. I decided to make her a nice fruit basket. I bought the brightest and freshest fruits. They looked perfect together.
Frank bought a vintage bicycle at a neighbor's yard sale. Although the bike needed a lot of work, Frank thought he could do it. He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up. He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it. After a few days, Frank was finished and the bike was like new.
The kids were playing in the living room. They were playing with a ball. They couldn't agree on what to do. The kids fought over the ball. The mom broke the kids up.
Carol wanted a new hairstyle. Carol decide to go to a hair salon. Carol did not know what style to have her hair cut. The beautician began cutting the hair. When Carol looked in the mirror she was unhappy with her new look.
A poor artist went to the store and bought some supplies. He went home and began to think of ideas for a painting. He felt inspired and then painted a wonderful, detailed painting. The day after he finished it, he brought it into his studio. A few hours later, somebody bought the painting for a lot of money.
Molly took a trip to the library, she has never been there. She thought reading books was dumb and boring. She found a book on cooking, who knew they made these books! Later, a woman came by and said she had to leave. The library was closing, Molly was there for 4 hours!
Mike took out his cookbook. He tried to make some chicken stock. He tasted the final product. It did not taste right to him. Mike poured the stock down the drain.
Lucy was upset as she ran to her room. Her grandmother changed her mind and decided not to give her a ride. Lucy wanted to see the boy she had a crush on. She lay on her bed crying. She couldn't believe her grandmother could be so cruel.
Gina was going to a dance. She needed a dress. She had not found the perfect one yet. She finally went to a store and found the perfect one. She was so excited to buy it.
I asked my wife if she wall call me Ragnar Lothbrok. She said I had to earn it. I went to the grocery store and got some steak. I came home and pretended to hunt for meat. She wasn't impressed.
Alison wanted to star in a reality show. Today she was auditioning for one. She did the best she could during her tryout. Then she prayed and waited for a call back. Luckily, she did get invited to do the show.
The man called her for the first time last week. He talked to her like he expected her to know who he was. He said he was looking forward to seeing her. The call frightened her. She decided to stay in a hotel for a while.
A thirteen year old female is missing from home. She was last seen on Thursday after school hanging out with friends. Those friends left her home at 7pm as she began her homework. When she finished her homework, she ate and went to bed. She was not in the bed in the morning and has not been seen since.
I took the wolf to be trimmed recently. When we got there, we had to wait a long while. We finally saw the groomer, and she gushed about how pretty she was. When she was done grooming the wolf, there was tons of hair everywhere. We drove home, all cleaned up.
Tim was a tech guy. His job revolved around his laptop. Eventually Tim's laptop broke down. He needed it to keep working. Tim bought a replacement.
Damion woke up and stretched comfortably. He brushed his teeth and completed his toiletry. When the iron was hot, he pressed his uniform. Breakfast was easy to whip up and he ate quickly. Finally, he headed out the door to work.
Kelly was shopping for Halloween pumpkins. Her local store wasn't known for their fresh produce. Kelly could only find brown mottled pumpkins. Finally she spotted on large perfect pumpkin. It took some yanking but she pulled it from the pile.
My wife and I were at Home Depot today. We needed a new area rug. The one we have is too old and dingy. We had a decent budget. After finding the right one we bought it.
Willard can't do any work. The computers turned on all around him confuse his senses. He's awarded a worker's compensation claim. Willard no longer needs to come into work. He decides to sell his house and move.
Maggie loved her mood ring. She had misplaced is months ago. One day she was organizing her room and she found it. The ring was completely black. No matter what she did, she couldn't get it to change color.
Dan Patrick hosts a national sports talk radio program. One of his friends is the coach of Syracuse Men's basketball team. Coach has asked Dan to host a special event for him the last 12 years. Dan always says no but agreed to this year if Syracuse advances. Syracuse advanced and now Dan has to host the event on April 30th.
Jennifer loves farm animals. She decided to get a pet goats. She played with the goats every single day. She learned how to milk the goats. Jennifer now makes goat's milk cheeses and soaps.
Sam loved to sail his boat. He decided to sail to his friends in a different state. He began his trip but soon came upon a storm! He took shelter from the storm under the deck! When he came back up, his sail had been torn to shreds!
Our realtor was a member of our church. He told me he had lost his wife to ALS recently. A friend told me the realtor had an affair while his wife was sick. As a result, the wife's parents banned him from attending the funeral. We were saddened by such strife.
Chuck was turning 6 and wanted to be a musician like his dad. His dad talked to the conductor about Chuck. Chuck was allowed to come in and conduct the band on his birthday. Chuck was so excited he nearly cried! Afterward, the band told him he had done a wonderful job.
Mike regretted coming to work today. He was hanging by his hands from the scaffolding. His harness had broken a moment before. All his work buddies were trying to get to him. All of a sudden he lost his grip and fell.
Ernest was watching a ballgame. His favorite team was losing. Ernest sat in his chair cursing at the television. The players suddenly made a great play. Ernest leapt out of his chair in joy.
Nicole wanted to run a mile in 7 minutes. She could only run a mile in 10 minutes. She ran one mile every day. She got faster and faster. Now, she can run a mile in 7 minutes.
Dan got a job as a Santa at a local event. He was a thin man but they assured him he be fine once padded. Dan put on the costume and went to meet the kids. Dan put the padding on wrong and his stomach fell on the floor. The kids all gasped and some cried as Dan ran out of the room.
Amy was going to visit her friend who just moved. She looked up the address and thought she knew how to get there. While she was driving she realized that she was lost! Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track. In the end she found her way to her friend's new house.
Eugene needed help getting on the starting team. He was worried that he wasn't good enough for the team. He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out. After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team. The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed!
Kim decided she needed a new look. She was tired of her hairstyle. She found a stylist she liked. She finally decided to get her hair cut. She loved her new look.
Frank's sister accidentally left the gate open. Their new puppy got outside and ran away. Frank and Molly walked all over the neighborhood looking for her. Finally they heard a little bark when they called her name. She had fallen asleep under a tree right next door.
Jamie really wanted to get a frozen pizza. She wasn't sure what to do though since she didn't have a pan. Remembering something she read she realized she didn't need one. Jamie instead used her skillet to bake the pizza in the oven with. It came out delicious and perfect.
Jimmy threw the tennis ball with extreme force. To keep myself safe, I returned the ball by hitting it. It flew in the sky. However, it broke my neighbors window. She came out of her house in a furious mood.
Jeff has always been a hard worker. In a meeting today with his boss he gets some news. Jeff gets told he is getting a promotion. Jeff can hardly contain his excitement and jumps out of his chair. Jeff skips and screams around the office talking about his promotion.
Jim was up surfing the internet. He kept forgetting to go to sleep. Eventually the sun started to come up. Jim realized he had stayed up all night. By then it was too late to try and sleep.
Bryan was at home one day and decided to plant a tree in his yard. He went out to home depot and bought plenty of supplies. After buy the necessary supplies and tree, he went home. He planted it in the center of his lawn. He felt satisfied with his work and took a nap.
Juan was frying tacos. All of a sudden a small smile started. He tried to throw water on it. That made it worse. Soon the entire house burned down.
Justin and Melanie were moving in together. Melanie adored cats and asked when they could adopt one. Justin informed her he was badly allergic to cat fur. Melanie was heartbroken and really wanted a feline companion. She found a hairless cat and brought it home, and Justin was fine.
Yesterday when I drove to work, I skidded on ice. My car began to swerve. It went left and right before I finally hit the brakes. I sat there for five minutes until my heart stopped racing. Now I drive very slowly whenever there is ice.
Tom had jealousy issues. He found his girlfriend with a strange guy. Tom confronted them both in an angry fashion. They tried to explain to Tom that they were just cousins. Tom knew they were lying.
John was in a new town. His GPS wasn't getting signal. He was lost trying to find his hotel. He decided to ask someone working at a gas station. They were able to guide him the right way.
Bill wanted to run for class president. His competitor was very popular. Bill spent a lot of time meeting students. He asked them for their vote. He lost the president race by a lot.
Fred decides he wants to have something to drink. At first he considers drinking a glass of water. Eventually he decides he wants something warm to drink. He brews a nice pot of tea to drink. Fred is happy to have something to drink.
Samantha was going out for the night. She needed to withdraw money. She went to the atm and inserted her card. The atm displayed an error message! Sam drove to the grocery store and was able to get cash back instead.
I met a girl online that I really liked that lived far. I had standby tickets so I flew for free to see her. We had a great time and spent much time together. It ultimately ended because she lost interest in me. I later found out she was cheating on me.
Rhonda worked for an insurance company. She was still new at her job and was trying to get new clients. She called her friends first. Most of them told her they were not interested. She only got two new clients.
I love eating popcorn at the movies. Alas, there was usually too much butter in the popcorn. Once, I decided to sneak in my low-fat popcorn to the cinema. Alas, I was caught! I was forced to eat the buttery popcorn.
Hannah loved kids. She was hired as a nanny. She cared for four children every day. They loved spending time with Hannah. The parents were thankful they'd found a great caretaker.
Julie decided to have some fun with her game show app. She opened it up and started playing. To her delight she was winning. By the end of the game she made ten thousand in coins. She ended up winning a nice prize.
Jean found a box of chocolates on her mom's dresser. Before long, she had eaten nearly the whole box. Afraid of a scolding, Jean blamed the candy theft on her brother. Jean's parents believed her since the brother was a troublemaker. Jean listened from her room as her brother was loudly scolded.
Lucy realized she was late for work. She did not understand what happened. She left the house as usual. It has been clarified when she came back home. Her clock was broken.
My family goes to Cedar Point every year. We love going to theme parks. Thankfully we have so much fun. We went back this year and did all the rides. It was the highlight of my year.
Rob was at an atm to check his account balance. And he had $666. Rob became scared and worried something would happen that day. But nothing unusual happened. So Rob stopped worrying about evil signs.
Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day. It was her first day at this new school. The teacher was quirky which somehow put her at ease. The teacher made a lot of jokes and the kids all laughed. Amy thought for sure she was going to like this new school.
I went to the airport to go to NYC. I thought my flight would be on time. However it was very late. It was quite frustrating. I didn't get to the city for another six hours.
Andre loved drinking beer. He traveled around and tried many beers at nearby breweries. Andre decided to start brewing his own beer. He bought equipment and started brewing in his basement. Two years later, Andre's beer is sold in 7 different states.
Jimmy was feeling lucky today. He decided to buy a lottery ticket. He went to the gas station and purchased a scratch off ticket. He quickly scratched off his numbers. To his dismay, Jimmy did not win anything.
Joe wanted to join Mensa so he paid $30 and went to take the test. The first question was too hard for him so he skipped it. The remaining questions were also too hard for Joe. He gave up and tried to get his money back. The Mensa representative said no and Joe felt like an idiot.
Jason ate an entire carton of ice cream. His stomach felt bad. He went to the restroom to vomit. He felt tired after he vomited. Jason took a guilty nap.
Brian's parents controlled how much sugary snacks he could eat. One day Brian spied a huge candy bar in the cupboard. He decided no one would notice if one piece was missing. Brian took a piece and popped it in his mouth. He immediately spit out the bitter tasting baking chocolate.
Trent sat on a bench ready to eat his sandwich. A squirrel came instantly to sit by his side, watching him. Trent and the squirrel exchanged glances for a minute in silence. And before Trent took a bite, he broke a piece of bread. He gave it to the squirrel who ran away with it.
A baby kitten wanders out of the house. The kitten wanders around trying to find some food. He goes to his neighbor's house to look for food. Today was the kittens lucky day he finds a fresh fish. After the kitten eats his fish he returns home.
Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit. He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning. Francisco cleans all night long until his house is spotless. When they arrive, he is so tired he cannot stay awake. Francisco wishes he had just hired a cleaner.
Sally bet Lucy she could not jump rope 100 times without missing. If Lucy could do it, she would get Sue's bag of cookies. Lucy started jumping. She counted each jump until she reached one hundred. She enjoyed her cookie prize.
I was on my way to an important business meeting. However the bus was taking forever. I needed to be at the meeting in twenty minutes. I had a brilliant idea that involved my phone. I would simply video chat until I could get to the meeting.
Tiara doesn't like cats. Tiara's friend tells her that cats are great pets. Tiara decides to get a cat after hearing this. Tiara gets a kitten from a local shelter. Tiara loves cats now.
Richard grabbed his golf bag and shoes. He was going to spend the evening golfing. He pulled up to the course and saw tons of cars. There was a private event going on. Richard couldn't get a tee time!
The house only had two bedrooms. One bedroom had a river view and the other had a balcony. Lisa had always wanted a balcony but did not want to demand that room. Tracy mentioned that she would really like to watch the boats. Lisa offered her the river-view bedroom and both were happy.
I and my friend Joe wanted to prank our Spanish teacher, Senior Perez. We managed to get a copy of his car key made during our lunch hour. Marty moved his car to a different area of the parking lot. We watched Senior Perez come go out to his car at the end of the day. We laughed at his bewildered expression.
Suzy got a part time job. She was folding clothes. All the sudden she saw a cute boy. She wanted him. Lucky for her he asked her out.
Frances was brilliant at discussing philosophical matters. She loved to pick the brains of her opponents and delve in deep. One time, she had to pass a whole night with her brother-in-law. He was renowned for his lack of intellectual skills. So Frances read a book about ancient Greece while he watched TV.
Henry's mom gave him $50 today. He bought breakfast and lunch from school. Several campaign managers asked him to donate money, which he did. Another person also took money from Henry since he needed lunch. At the end of the day, Henry had no money.
Patricia felt her life had no meaning. She felt her life was in a rut and endless. She decided to start new hobbies and make new friends. Patricia started to find herself looking forward to her new hobbies. A few weeks later, Patricia felt she had meaning in her life.
Hugh paced nervously back and forth outside the door. It was quiet at the hospital. Most people were at home asleep in bed. He wondered how much longer it would take. Suddenly a nurse popped her head out, 'It's a boy!'.
A boy was laying in bed thinking of what to do today. He turned on the television and saw a commercial for some skates. He wanted them, so he decided to save up his money for them. After working at a lemonade stand, he finally got the money. The boy was very happy with his new skates.
Rhoda bought a talking scale to help her lose weight. When she dropped a pound, the scale congratulated her. If she gained a pound, the scale scolded her to do better. One weekend, Rhoda blew her diet with pizza and cake. Rhoda held her hands on her ears as she stepped on the scale.
Stacy liked to be frugal. She did not link spending money. So decided to simply eat ramen. She ate it every day. Stacy decided it was utterly amazing.
I do surveys online to make extra cash. Recently, I did a survey on Amazon that changed my life forever. This survey had videos of farm animals in slaughterhouses. It showed the torture that they go through, so that we can eat them. I now only buy cage free eggs and free range meat that are grass fed.
Peyton went down to the station to identify the body. The coroner pulled back the plastic. Peyton recoiled in horror. It was his sister's face. He nodded his head to confirm it was her as the tears fell down.
Kerry was attending a softball tournament. The rain began to pour down overhead. The ground became muddy and hard to walk in. Kerry and the other girls were filthy after the game. Their parents made them hose off before getting back in the vehicles.
Chantel stopped in front of the red traffic light. An elderly man stopped next to her. Since Chantel's windows were not tinted, the man can see her. He spent approximately 3 minutes staring her down. Eventually, she drove off when the light turned green.
Alicia was walking through the park yesterday. She was taken by surprise by Fred. Fred cornered her. He asked her out on a date. Alicia said yes.
Carly looked at her facebook feed and rage built up. She saw her boyfriend with a girl she hated. Carly called her boyfriend and demanded to know the story. He claimed that he was drunk and did not recall. This answer did not please her so she hung up.
Kia left her houseplant outside during the summer. One day she heard it would be ninety degrees. She hurried home after work that morning. Then she brought her plant inside. Kia didn't want it to get scorched on such a hot day!
It was Anna's birthday! She was turning 2 Years old! Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake. Her father brought Ana a new doll as a birthday present. Ana ate her cake and played with her new doll, and was very happy.
We went to the fair last night. I got to ride on a bunch of rides. We played the carnival games too. My favorite part was the yummy food. I didn't want to leave when it was time.
Anna really had to get to a meeting. She looked at her watch as she knew she was going to be late. As soon as she got in the car there was traffic. Anna bit her nails as she nervously waited. When she got to work her boss wrote her up for being late.
My wife was feeling sad. I decided to sing her a funny song. She shouted at me because the song was terrible. Then, she told me I got her pregnant on accident. Then, I also became sad.
Adam needed a new car. He looked online to find the one he wanted. He found a dealership that sold the car. He went to the dealership and test drove the car. Adam bought the car.
Vickie's class was collecting labels from cans of food. With each label worth a point, Vickie was eager to help her class win. Before Vickie's mom could stop her, she stripped labels from each can. Vickie's class won the label collecting contest. For the rest of the year, Vickie's family ate mystery canned goods.
When Ramona was out playing with friends she was having fun. Everything was going great. Until she got stung by a bee. Ramona screamed in pain. Luckily her friend had a first aid kit so she was okay.
Andy was the tallest kid in his class. Some of his classmates picked on him over his height. Andy didn't want to attend school anymore. His parents enrolled him in after school basketball camp. The camp helped Andy gain his self-confidence back.
Neil was visiting the city of Hamburg. He could not wait to go to the Hamburg fair! He went to the fairgrounds and bought a ticket. Then he went in and rode rides and played games. Neil loved the Hamburg fair very much!
Rhonda had begun to feel lonely in her old age. She decided she wanted a pet to keep her company. She didn't want a dog or cat because they were too much work. Instead, she bought a beautiful bird. Having the bird at home made Ronda feel less lonely.
Jesse had never been in trouble before. He started hanging out with a new group of friends. His friends broke into a house. Jesse was scared of getting arrested. He stopped hanging out with the friends.
It was the annual field trip at Sarah's school and she excited. Sarah's class was going to the zoo. At the Zoo Sarah saw all kind of unique and interesting animals. Her favorites were the penguin exhibit and the elephants. Sarah enjoyed her class trip and wants to go back with her family.
Ben and Jack were on trip abroad together. While in Iceland, they rented a small two-door car. There's one highway in Iceland that goes around the whole country. Ben and Jack had three days to drive around the whole road. They did so, and loved every minute of passing scenery and adventure.
Kim was driving home from work. She was really hungry. Unfortunately she didn't have much money. She was also low on gas. Kim decided to buy gas instead of food.
Rick was picking on a classmate during school. He did it all the time. But the person he was picking on didn't want to take it anymore. So he turned around and slapped Rick right in the face. Rick had never been assaulted by a woman before!
Susy had a busy week working on her feet and they were sore. She felt like she needed to be pampered and made an appointment. She arrived at the pedicure place and picked out a color to use. The ladies prepared her station and she sat down and put her feet up. She enjoyed being pampered while they took care of her feet and legs.
Tony had a dirty carpet. But he needed a vacuum. He ended buying a cheap one to save money. It seemed to work fine. But it was horribly loud.
Becky does not have a dad. Her mom met a man named Ricky. Ricky and Becky's mom got married. He decided to adopt Becky. Becky now has a dad.
We had a family party recently. At one point everyone gathered for a group photo. My sister-in-law Betty and her daughter were not photographed. They were outside smoking cigarettes. Betty was mad but we said we could not find her.
Norman was too fat to be healthy. He felt so heavy, he could barely get out of bed to start his day. To help himself, he started eating healthy food and exercised a lot. After a whole month, he felt a good difference. Encouraged by his progress, he continued until he became slim.
Mike was at his friend Carl's house. But Mike was hungry. Carl went to the bathroom. And Mike quickly got food from Carl's refrigerator. When Mike left later, Carl noticed something was different.
Tom found a goofy belt online. He decided to buy it as a goof. He wore it out one day and got lots of compliments. Tom could barely believe it. He wound up wearing the ugly belt more often.
Julie knows it will become hot later today. She decides to go for a bike ride early in the morning. She has a nice ride through the park. The temperature is still cool by the time she gets home. Julie is glad she rode her bike before the weather became hot.
My wife asked me about dinner last night. She suggested fish cakes. I suggested beans as a side dish - a school favorite. She made a face and said she could not eat beans. We settled for mac and cheese as a side dish.
This morning I rushed out the door to go to work. I drove toward the end of the main road in my neighborhood. Traffic was backed up so I decided to cut through the bank lot. I was pulled over on the other side of the lot for cutting through! The officer let me pass with only a warning but it was a close call.
Lisa walked down the sidewalk on her morning walk. She held her dog's leash in her hand. Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed. Just then the leash snapped and her dog ran across the street. Her dog was hit by a car and died.
Jil needed a new fan for the living room. Her husband Ben said he could install it. Jil was skeptical but had to give in to Ben's ego. Ben spent about an hour before he said it was all done. Later that night, the fan came crashing down on his head.
Chris borrowed his dad's car without permission. He visited a friend and parked the car on the street. When he went to leave the car wouldn't start. He had the car towed home and pushed it back into the garage. Chris swore that he would never do that again.
Ryan wanted to quit smoking. He could never find the determination to quit. Ryan got bad news from the doctor. He had early signs of heart disease. Ryan had a reason to quit.
Allie was taking archery lessons. They were purely for fun. She realized she was good at it. So she decided to join a team. Every time she hit the arrow it was on target.
I decided to spice up my fruit. I cut a pineapple in half. Then I put a thin glaze of honey on the pineapple. I placed the pineapple on the grill. Now I have delicious grilled pineapple.
Barry and Tim went out for ice cream one hot day. Barry got a cone of strawberry while Tim got a cup of blueberry. Tim started eating his cup rather quickly while engaging in talk. He started asking a lot of questions towards Barry wanting answers. Barry had no choice and found himself angry, his ice cream had melted.
Tom loved rap music. Tom and his friends would rhyme words everyday after class. Tom became very good at this. Tom performed his rhymes and raps for a studio producer. The studio producer offered him a $100,000 deal.
Vivian always watched the same TV show on Mondays. So when she received a call that Monday she didn't answer. She only listened to her missed message afterward. As she listened, her face blanched. It was her sister who had been in a car accident who had called.
I saw an ad on the internet about writing a novel. The ad challenged people to write a novel in a month. I joined the website group. I did not write a novel in a month. But I did finish a novel a year later.
It was a big night for Jean. His solo was coming up and he was nervous. He had only been in the band for a little bit. The time for the solo came. He got up and and played it perfectly.
Gina was heading to the store. She saw some cops putting kids in a car. She wanted to know what they had done. The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building. In the backseat was Gina's brother Ryan.
Laby was cutting her flowers in her garden. When she went to make a cut, she pricked her finger on a thorn. She started bleeding and she ran inside to get a bandaid. There were no bandages so she wrapped her finger in duct tape. Her children laughed at her funny appearance.
Andrew finally received his paycheck. He cashed it and went shopping. He had a list of things to buy. He bought everything in that list. Andrew was happy he bought what he bought.
Jane walked her dogs along the beach everyday. One day she found a bottle with a note in it. The note showed a map to a local restaurant with a voucher for 50% ofF. It took Jane an hour to follow the map to the restaurant. When she got there she found dogs were not allowed.
Ian wanted to make tea like his grandma used to. He called his grandma to find out how she made it. She told him the recipe. He made the recipe at his house. It tasted just like he remembered when he was a kid.
Gina's mom sent her to buy toilet paper. While in the store she walked past the refrigerated section. On the shelf was a tube of cookie dough. Gina had never seen anything like it before. She vowed to return to buy the dough when she got her allowance.
She loved science fiction. Books, movies, anything to do with it was wonderful to her. She wondered if there were really aliens. If there were, could they be friendly? She really hoped so!
Jan was given a kitten by her mother. She named the kitten Socks. She played with socks every day. Socks would play until they both fell asleep. Socks became Jan's best friend.
Gina loved to make people laugh. In college she did improv and sketch-comedy. When she graduated she performed at stand-up comedy clubs. Eventually she was discovered and asked to join the cast of SNL! Now Gina is living the dream, being paid to make people laugh on TV!
One day in 1973 my glasses fell into a sewer. I was jumping over a sidewalk and the glasses fell through the grate. I tried to get them but could not see without my glasses. My mom fished them out with a hook. I was amazed.
Matt was walking around the forest. He really didn't know the way. After hours, he came back to the same place. Matt realized this and got very scared. So he started to panic.
I decided to get a new sweatshirt yesterday. When I put it on today something unfortunate happened. I spilled juice all over it. I was devastated. I later had to buy another one.
Mary and Julia needed to get away. Work had been stressful and things kept piling on. They booked a room in a nearby city. They visited the zoo, ate at a fancy restaurant, and shopped. After the weekend they felt refreshed.
The cat's fur was full of knots. Vicki tried to cut and brush the knots out. The cat hissed, clearly not liking the grooming. Vicki took the cat to the groomer. The cat seems to be proud that he looks like a lion now!
The knot was beginning to swell painfully. She put a frozen bag of peas on it. It was very cold. She started to cry from the pain. She decided to go to the doctor.
Roy was driving home from work one day. There was a keyboard on the side of the road. Roy stopped and picked it up. He brought it home and turned it on. Every key worked except for one.
My friend had a Yerbie Frisbee that goes really far. One day we were up in the mountains playing in an opening. My friend threw the Frisbee towards me. It went over my head and off into the trees. We never saw that Frisbee again.
Sam wanted to go hiking. The weather was rainy and windy. He decided to stay in instead. He read a book and watched television. He figured he would just hike another day.
Tom loved to get mail. He had a pen pal from China. One day he got a weird package in the mail. Tom opened it up and was shocked! Inside was a Chinese dumpling!
John has a toothache. He reluctantly went to the dentist. He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car. The dentist drilled and filled his bad tooth. John's toothache is gone.
Chris was feeling drowsy for some reason one day. He hurriedly finished the rest of his chores. Afterwards, he undressed and laid in his bed. He set his alarm for two hours later and fell asleep. But 20 minutes into his nap, the doorbell rang and woke him up.
Marissa was at the dentist's office. She left her coat on a chair while she went to the bathroom. While she was gone, someone accidentally picked up her coat. Luckily, later that day her dentist's office gave her a call. The coat had been returned, and Hannah was able to pick it up.
The man opened the fridge. He looked for a beer. There was only one left. He left it for his wife. His wife thanked him for his kindness.
Jean told her parents that she wanted a pet tortoise. Jean's parents researched the idea. They found that many species of tortoise are endangered. They got her a turtle instead. Jean did not notice and loved her pet.
Nate came out of the doctor's office. He was walking funny since he felt tired. In a few seconds, he passed on the sidewalk. His brother woke him up several minutes later. Nate immediately got up and cleaned himself.
There was someone who came to our house. She was supposed to help us learn manners. I was already doing some of it. I had been placing my silver wear the right way when finished. But I needed a review in setting the table.
Brad had to switch to a night shift job. He tried staying up late, but he couldn't help falling asleep! Then a friend told him to try staying up gradually later. Each night, Brad went to bed only ten minutes later than the last. Soon his internal clock was reset and he could stay up all night!
Phil and Erin moved into a new apartment. They had to rent a moving van for their furniture. Neither of them were experienced with driving such a vehicle. They flipped a coin and Erin had to drive it. She bumped a mailbox but otherwise succeeded.
My friend Patrick came to visit me this past weekend. I picked him up in Martinez and we drove back to Vallejo. We visited the coast, went to a bar and had a lot of fun. He went home on Sunday, and rode the Amtrak. I had a lot of fun with him. s.
Joe knew his mom wanted to work out. So he ordered a treadmill to his house. He was going to give it to her. It arrived so he delivered it to his mom. She loved it and used it when he left.
Mindy had a little boy she loved. When she got divorced her husband got custody of their son. Mindy was very lonely. She decided to have another baby. She recently had a baby daughter that she loves.
Ben was given an egg to care for in class. He took it home with him that day. Then he made a little carrying case for it. For the next week, he took it everywhere with him. Ben did such a good job, he got an "A" on the project!
Brad's girlfriend bought Brad a pair of Valentine's boxer shorts. Brad thought it would be embarrassing if anybody saw them. One day when he was low on underwear, he wore the boxer shorts. Brad got injured that day, and some hospital staff saw his underwear. Brad started to believe that the boxer shorts brought him bad luck.
Jen and Stefanie organized a knitting party for their friends. They meet, knit and gossip. Stefanie was telling a very interesting story. She forgot to count lines in the sweater she knitted. The right side of the sweater was longer than left side.
Bob the beekeeper went out to collect honey. He gassed the bees to put them to sleep. He didn't bother to put on his beekeeping suit and went to work. Just as he was finishing the bees woke up! Bob got stung but at least he had lots of honey.
Lisa took her family to the farm. Her kids had a great time. Her daughter then touched the pig. She laughed. She had a fun time.
Rob came home from school. A large dog that he had called furry dog was waiting for him. He tried to pet furry dog. Furry Dog slobbered on his hand. Rob tried to open the door to go inside but the dog blocked him.
Amy invited Beth to her Yoga class. Beth was excited to try yoga since Amy said it was easy. Beth sweated as she struggled to keep up with the class. Her body seemed not to want to follow along. Beth walked out mid class and never tried yoga again.
My son's friend Harry just came back to MA from Texas. He took a year off to visit Austin. Harry needed to get a job. He went on several interviews last week. He ended up getting a job as a janitor at a gym.
James got a letter in the mail. It was his tuition bill. James didn't know how he was going to pay it. He called the financial aid office and explained. They put him on a payment plan.
Jon wanted to go fishing at the lake. He went to the store to buy supplies. Then he registered a fishing license. Jon packed up his car and drove to the lake. Finally, John got to fish at the lake!
She tried to run out the door. He grabbed her keys. He walked away with them. He told her she couldn't have them right now. He hid them somewhere she wouldn't find them.
Barry's high school reunion was coming up. He wanted to improve his looks. He started going to the gym, tanning and eating better. He went shopping for new clothes. Barry was hoping to make a good impression on a certain someone.
It was the first day of school. I walked into my math class feeling confident. During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher's questions. The teacher said I was smart and that I had a future. I felt proud of the compliment and it motivated me to try even harder.
Chad bought a new car. He loved it so much! But soon after he got it, he was in a bad accident. He crashed the car irreparably. Chad was reduced to taking the bus and walking once again.
When I took my son to the zoo, they had pandas. It was the only zoo at the time that had them in the usa. We stood in awe and watched them for a long time. We bought a stuffed panda from the gift shop. We also took lots of pictures.
Kate had slept most of the way on the road trip. She was awake now. But she had no headphones to listen to music. Her eyes felt heavy as she stared at the road passing by. Before long she had fallen back to sleep.
Howard is moving. He has to go to a new school. He was very nervous about it. First day, he made a lot of friends. He was thrilled.
There were 2 seconds left on the clock. The referee handed Billy the ball. He threw it into Joe on the half-court line. Joe threw the ball with all his might. It went in!
Sandy had a very tough math test to study for. Sandy decided it would be best to go to the library to study. At the library Sandy saw her former math tutor. Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help. The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test.
Kate was cleaning her closet. She found her old art school portfolio. She thought of the fun times at school as she browsed the portfolio. She smiled as she remembered all her old friends. Kate enjoyed her walk down memory lane.
Julie wanted to see the new Batman movie but was too young. When she asked her parents to take her they said no. The next day she dressed up to look older and went by herself. The ticket taker let her in without a second glance. Ten minutes later she ran out of the theater crying for her parents.
I decided to play scrabble today. I was bored so I played against the computer. When I was done, I ended up winning. The computer lost. I then proceeded to play again.
Tina has two dogs. One day one of the dogs passed away. Now the other dog felt really lonely. Tina got a new dog for him to play with. They became best friends and enjoy playing in the backyard together.
Greg was reading comics one afternoon. His little brother went into the room. He wanted to read the same comic also. He tried to swipe it away. The comic got torn and Greg got angry.
Liz was a vegetarian because she liked all animals with faces. Liz went to her favorite vegan restaurant early in the morning. The restaurant was closed so she went next door. Liz was upset they didn't have any vegetarian meals. Liz ended up getting a turkey sandwich that day.
Greg ordered two albums from Amazon. One of the albums he could download the digital copy right away. The other album he had to wait for the physical copy to arrive. It seemed to take forever for it to arrive. Greg thought the long wait made the music sound all the sweeter.
Sarah wanted to bake a cake. So she looked online for recipe. She got the ingredients she needed from the store. She began to make her cake. Her cake came out of the oven and it looked good.
Jared was bored so he decided to rent a movie. He walked to a local redbox and began to find a movie. All of a sudden, a masked man pointed a gun at him. The masked man took off with Jared's wallet. Jared couldn't get a movie anymore so he went back home.
We had good friends in our condo from 1993 to 1998. Our friends moved back to Buffalo in 1998. My 9 year old son was very sad, and cried on moving day. We helped them move and waved goodbye. They moved back to New England in 2001, much to our joy.
Margie's boss retired. It was time to find a new job. Margie looked in the classifieds. She also asked her friends. She found a new job very quickly.
Angie liked going fast. She bought some new skates to help her do it. She put them on and took off down the trail. Soon, she was flying down the path. THe new skates worked great!
I played hide and seek with my friends the other day. We played in the park. I got a little lost when it was my turn to hide. My friends were really worried about me. They were so worried that they called the park ranger.
The couple was walking through the woods. A huge moose stepped out in front of them. The animal had huge antlers. They kept their distance and admired it. It lumbered back into the woods.
Evan forget to study for his math test. He had a D and really needed to pass this test. Evan realized that he could see his classmate's paper. Evan copied her answers. Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating.
Rachael used to love playing with her Tiny Zoo App. She would feed them and get a bunch of different animals. She had unicorns and other exotic creatures in there. She probably spent over a couple hundred dollars on the game. She eventually decided to delete it so she wouldn't spend more money.
Kia's family loved onions, but they were almost out, and broke! She worried - they ate onion with every meal! Then she decided on a solution - she minced the last onion. Chopped so finely, it spread out better and lasted longer. Kia made that one onion last them for a whole week!
Alex was at the lake with his family. Some of the people were out on a boat. Suddenly an intense storm came rolling in. Everyone was worried about the people in the boat. Luckily, they had stopped on a beach and kept themselves safe.
Ryan was in the school band. The band was having tryouts for a solo trumpet player. Ryan began to practice for the part. Ryan tried out for the solo. He was given the part.
Sue loves comic books. She likes old comic books just as much as new ones. One day her daddy found his comic book collection in the attic. He gave it to Sue and she spent a week reading them all. Now Sue goes to garage sales with her Dad hunting for old comics.
Jane wanted to go to the club with friends. She decided to wear new heels she just bought. Within minutes Jane's feet were killing her. She forced herself to keep wearing the heels throughout the night. The next day Jane could barely walk.
Beth was exploring a local cave. She walked a mile into the cave's tunnels. She photographed her journey. She exited after several hours and went to get more supplies. She planned on returning again in the future.
It was Christmas Eve and a loud clatter sound came from the roof. I jumped out of bed and ran to the Christmas Tree. A box lay under the tree and from within it came a soft, little meow. I opened it up and saw the sweetest little kitten with a note for me. My parents quietly looked on with knowing smiles.
James was an aspiring guitarist. He practiced his guitar everyday after class. He would play his guitar in his garage for hours. One day his neighbors complained about the loud sound to the police. The police arrived and told James to turn the volume down.
Pete was tired. He had been working all day. He had a lot to finish up before the end of the week. He turned off his phone and continued to focus just on his work. He knew his job depended on a good performance.
Sam asked his crush on a date. She agreed to it. They went to dinner and a movie. Both of them had a great time. Sam was able to get a second date.
Jan had made a chicken salad. She didn't like the way it turned out. Jan put the chicken salad in the fridge. She forgot about it. Jan remembered the chicken salad weeks later when she threw it.
The cat ran up to the door and yowled for someone to open it. He started to go out the door before he noticed it was raining. He dashed back inside, nearly knocking a small lamp over. He ran the rest of the way to the back bedroom. His owners found him there asleep hours after the rain ended.
Lane put down his pencil in frustration while filling out a form. The woman behind the counter asked if he needed help. He told her he didn't know his ethnicity so he couldn't check a box. She looked at him, shook her head, and wondered how that could be. Lane told her he was adopted and had no idea what his heritage was.
Lindsey woke up and ran downstairs. As expected, the base of the Christmas tree was surrounded by gifts. She considered waiting for her family, but couldn't help herself. She tore into the first gift with her name on it. By the time her family woke up, all her gifts were open.
Greg joined a Fraternity in order to gain experience from being in one. His partners were nice to him. However, they eventually started to get worse. For example, they attacked a member for secretly smoking. Greg felt uncomfortable and left in a week.
Dan's grandmother live alone in her own home. She became unable to take care of herself. Dan was given the responsibility of getting her ready to move. He packed up all of her things and cleaned her house. Dan was frustrated that other family members didn't help.
Kim hardly ever got sick. One day she started getting the sniffles. She refused to believe she could possibly be getting a cold. The next day she woke up feeling even worse. Kim went to the doctor and was diagnosed with the Flu.
Paul had his first part time job. He worked ten hours his first week. He planned how he would spend his $100 paycheck. When payday came he found his check was only for $75. He forgot he would have to pay taxes.
Francis decided to do some baking. He couldn't decide what to bake. He thought about cookies, but decided not to. Finally, he made some croissants. They burned!
My brother Bob visited  our reunion. He showed up unexpected. Everyone at the reunion were excited to see him. He made an announcement at the reunion. The announcement that he was happy and excited to see family.
The family got an exchange student. The student spoke good English. They all communicated well. They became good friends. They all traveled to the exchange students country.
Alfred was a bit tired but decided to watch some TV. He turned his TV set on and chose channel 6. But channel 6 was running old movies Alfred had already seen. So then Alfred decided to read a book and chose a novel. So Alfred began to read a novel but fell asleep in about 15 minutes.
Tony got horrible grades. His coach said he was benched until they got better. He sat on the sidelines and pouted. He went home and studied very hard. Tony wanted to be reinstated as soon as possible.
Lisa spent a long and draining day at work. She couldn't wait to take a relaxing soak in the tub. On the way out the door, she saw the bus pulling off without her on it. She saw an ambulance with its engine running nearby. She told the police she took it because she missed the bus home.
The children wanted to make a fort. They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could. They used the boxes to make a great fort. They played in it all day. The fort was a great idea for having fun that day.
A girl named Jamie was hungry. She woke up and didn't know what to eat. She decided to make some cereal. As she poured it out though, a bunch of bugs fell out! So she didn't eat.
Jordan was laying on her couch watching TV. Her dog went outside to use the bathroom. Then Jordan realized it was raining. She tried to catch her dog early but it was too late. The now wet dog ran through the house making a huge mess.
Rose's college roommate stole some of her clothes. When Rose confronted her, her roommate threatened her. Rose didn't feel safe staying in the dorm. For three nights, Rose slept in her car. When Rose's parents found out, they moved Rose off-campus.
We got cable tv in 1986. Someone signed us up on the street. The installer came and drilled a hole right through the building. We were concerned as we were only renting an apartment. The landlord never made an issue of it.
One day while I was at work my stomach started to hurt. I ended up getting sick in the bathroom. My supervisor let me go home for the day because I threw up. The stomach pains and sickness lasted for over two days. After I finally got better I returned back to work.
Brian has two younger brothers who do as he says. He has never been the kindest older brother. Sometimes he lies to get what he wants. His younger brothers caught him in a lie and stopped trusting him. He apologized sincerely to them.
The other day I decided to get a tattoo. I was rather nervous and unsure as to whether or not it would be good. I sat in the chair and was shaking. When the needle went on my skin I was scared. Thankfully at the end it looked good.
Pearl had received a small inheritance from her grandmother. She was really excited to get things she had been needing. She did not take care of her money. It was all spent in no time. She was really upset with herself for not budgeting.
Once I was visiting Cape Town, South Africa. While there we decided to climb their highest peak, Table Mountain. I was unprepared and didn't bring enough water. At some point, I saw water dripping from a part of the mountain. I stuck my head under it and shipped to my heart's content.
Lee was driving by himself all the way to Florida. His only map was on his cell phone. He left his phone on the back of a toilet somewhere in Texas. He had no way of communicating or finding his way. After 30 hours he found himself in West Virginia.
Tina went to a pizza restaurant. She ordered a small pizza. She assumed she would eat all of it. Yet when it came it was massive. Tina was in shock and only could eat one slice.
Sal found the online tutorials for making wooden boxes to be lacking. He decided to make his own series of tutorials to help out. He had to quit about halfway through the series. He couldn't handle the toxic internet comments on his videos. Sal understood why there were no good tutorials before.
I fell recently and have trouble getting up. I had a stroke which makes it hard to get up. I looked on youtube for strategies. One video proposed using books to prop me up. I am going to practice that technique.
Julie was hungry for a snack. She went to the pantry and looked at the options. She decided to eat some crackers. She got a bowl and put some crackers in it. She sat at the table and enjoyed her snack.
Anna had always gone to church. But as a teen, she stopped going. She began to question religion. Soon she decided how she really felt. Anna was an atheist.
Shirley felt that she watched too much television. She canceled her cable subscription to quit cold turkey. In time she got over the loss. She enjoyed the extra time she had available. Shirley later got a streaming subscription and the cycle restarted.
Lonnie wanted to have a barbecue. He bought all the meat and charcoal he would need. He invited all his friends. Unfortunately, on the day of the barbecue, it started to rain. They roasted the meat in the oven and had a party inside instead.
Lorrie is driving her red car down the road. She is listening to country music loud. Lorrie tries to take a bite of her burger. She swerves off the road and into a pole. Lorrie is carried off on a stretcher to the hospital.
All the neighborhood kids would go to Shawna's house to ride horses. One day one of the kids fell off of a horse and got hurt. Shawna's father said all of the kids needed a note from their parents. All of the kids brought a note saying they could ride the horses. All of the kids are happily riding Shawna's horses after school.
Santiago was getting very exasperated by his writer's block. His editor called and asked how things were going. Santiago lied and said he was making a lot of progress. He spent the rest of the afternoon meditating, which helped him focus. He returned to work refreshed and was easily able to write.
The country asked for assistance. It had experienced a disaster. Other countries sent money. The money was wasted. The country still needed assistance.
Fred noticed tiny spiders in his room. But he thought they were harmless. But over time, he saw more spiders and started to worry. And he found a massive infestation of spiders under his house. It took days for an exterminator to get rid of all the spiders.
Julia went outside to play with the neighbors' dogs. She saw something under their truck and went to check it out. There were three newborn kittens under there! It took a while to get them out, but she rescued all of them. Now Julia can play with the dogs and the kittens together.
Joe had been at the orchard all day. He picked a giant basket of apples. He cored them and sliced them up. He was ready to make a pie with them. Joe loved apple season!
Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays. She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money. The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.
Katie was writing a story. Her grammar was terrible. Her teachers helped her edit all the pages. Katie hoped her audience would understand her meaning. She was determined to become a better writer.
My husband and son made a dam in the river. It was so much fun because there was an opening in it. We were able to float our tubes down the rapids faster with the dam. We played all day there. I think we will go back again tomorrow.
The man liked hiking. He went into the desert for a long hike. He brought plenty of water. After a couple of hours, he sat down in the shade. It was a very hot day!
Angela ordered a new dress. She waited patiently for the delivery man to bring it. Finally, it was dropped on her doorstep. She ripped open the package and tried it on. It was perfect!
Josh loved swimming in the ocean. One day while swimming he lost use of his right arm. Josh could swim very slowly with only one arm. Josh made it to shore where he yelled for help. Josh got help from someone who heard him yelling.
I got a pedicure yesterday. The moment I sat down it was strange. I started to squeal. My feet were very ticklish. I did not like the feeling.
Benny threw his shoes up in the air. It landed on an electric pole. The wire broke, cutting off electricity in the house. Benny's dad got mad. He took a belt and whipped Benny with it.
Jamie was a flute player. She took lessons twice a week. However, she wasn't perfect. Halfway through the piece her class was playing, she messed up. Jamie cried and quit the band.
Benny worked at the produce section of a supermarket. He hated customers, but loved working with the fruit. Benny was asked a question by a customer one afternoon. Benny told them to leave him alone with his fruit. He was fired that evening when his boss found out.
Tom was running for office. He got sick in the middle of the campaign. He wasn't able to make many appearances. It lost him a lot of votes. Tom wound up losing.
Ronnie lived alone. He was often scared that he would fall and no one could him. He bought a mobile phone to keep close by in case he had an accident. When he unpackage it, he couldn't work out how to use it. It now sits next to his landline phone.
Today was such as long day. My boss had so many high demands. When he asked me to work overtime I couldn't refuse. I poured myself an extra cup of coffee. It will be a long night, here in the office.
One day some kids at recess decided to play hopscotch. One kid fell and sprained his ankle. Everyone laughed because hopscotch isn't very violent. The kid made some new friends over it. Everyone brought it up around him from then on.
George's mother took him to the doctor to get his flu vaccination. She had promised him it would be the nasal spray version. But they were out of the nasal spray and only had the shots! George's mother apologized and told him they could come back later. George's mother was pleased when brave George took the shot anyway.
Molly was in middle school. She was told to stop talking by her teacher. She kept talking. Her teacher wrote her up. Molly received detention for her behavior.
Drew took the garbage bag downstairs. He walked across the neighbor to reach the large garbage can. It was hard for him to see since it was late at night. He ended up finding the large trash bin and drew the bag in there. Afterwards, he walked towards his house.
I tried to watch the college football championship game on Monday. I sat down in my easy chair. I watched about ten minutes. I fell asleep in the chair. I did not know Alabama won until I woke up in the morning.
Marie was attending a birthday party. She left her house early to go to the party. She stopped at a store to get a gift card. Marie put a check in the card and signed it. Marie drove the rest of the way to the party.
Diane has always been scared to drive since she was little. Her mom used to yell at her and make her feel bad about driving. Diane started taking driving classes to overcome her fear. She was nervous at first, but stuck with the classes. Six months later, Diane is driving everywhere she goes.
Today I sold a book on Amazon. The site usually lets me declare a small package. This time I had to write down the package measurements. I had to find a ruler. I hope this is not a new procedure.
Pat had never skied. His friends invited him to go. They went up the mountain. He went down the slope. He wanted to go again.
Julia was baking cookies. She didn't have any butter but figured that margarine would work. When the dough was done, she put the cookies in the oven. Then, she waited for them to cook. Unfortunately, the cookies didn't rise properly and weren't as yummy.
Tom was a bodybuilder. He wanted to win his upcoming competition. He trained very hard. He shaved his body hair to look his best. Tom won first place in the competition.
Nathan blurted out the first thing that came to his mind. Kansas, he said, in response to the teacher's question. All the children in the class laughed. The teacher informed him that this was a math class. Nathan thought for a moment, and said his answer still stands.
Sue was looking to buy a new car. She found a red truck that she liked from the local car dealership. Sue was able to negotiate for a great price on the truck. She signed all the papers on the spot. She was able to drive away from the lot with her new truck afterwards.
I was working for a government transit authority on 911. We continued business as usual for awhile. Then, during a meeting we were told the building was shutting down. I hurried home on my bike. My wife had to work all day.
Lula needed some extra cash. So she mixed up a big batch of fresh lemonade. Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade. Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink. By the end of the day Lula had made almost forty dollars!
Jason sat in the backseat of the car watching his videos. He had gotten very quiet. His dad reached for the bag of beef jerky crumbs. He couldn't find it. Jason scattered the crumbs as the credits ran on his movie.
Michael assured his teacher that he would bring his grades up. He sat down in the library to study. Almost immediately, he got distracted by a cute girl beside him. He kept trying to get her attention. Finally, the girl looked up and told him to start studying!
Once a boy got a piece of corn stuck up his nose. He kept trying to get it out with his finger. When that didn't work his parents took him to the doctor. The doctor removed it with a pair of tweezers. The boy promised to be more careful in the future.
Mallorie was sleeping over at Jasmine's house. The girls had watched scary movies all night. The girls heard a strange noise in the dark. They were too scared to sleep. Mallorie and Jasmine stayed up all night with the lights on.
Benny came into the gaming store for the first time. He was looking for a certain game but couldn't find it. The team of workers in the place were rude to him. They ignored him when he asked for directions. As a result, he pushed a rack of games on the ground.
Bayleigh was a bad dog. She chewed up the pillows. She tore up the rug. Her owner tried to train her. Bayleigh had to stay in the kennel overnight.
When it came to saving everything, Jan was an expert. Her house was filled with everything from old books to unworn clothes. When an earthquake occurred, piles of boxes collapsed all around her. Jan was trapped in her home for three days. When she was finally rescued, she decided it was time to clean.
Lily's elderly aunt always wore a flowered bonnet on Easter. Lily thought it would be funny to play a prank on her aunt. She stuck wildflowers and weeds all over a plain sun hat. Then she gave the hat to her aunt. Happy tears welled in old eyes as Lily's aunt accepted the hat.
Boris hated cockroaches. He started seeing a lot of roaches in his new apartment. Boris complained to the landlord, who did nothing. Boris decided to move out, even though he had to break his lease. He lost his deposit money, but he was happy to be free of cockroaches.
Neil was cleaning out his freezer. He saw a bag of food in the freezer that was unmarked. Neil couldn't remember what the food was. He threw the item away. Neil was more careful to mark all items that he stored.
Kendra loves making silverware art. She goes to the thrift store to get some forks. Upon arrival she finds out they are all out of forks. She's very disappointed. Kendra can't make any art today.
Jack was digging through his bag. He noticed that his water had spilled in the bag. He remembered his iPod and rushed to check on it. The iPod was dead, and it didn't look like he could fix it. Jack was so frustrated that he threw the iPod away.
Mom always used to stitch up my teddy bear. When I was little and I ripped it she would patch it up. She's not here to do that for me anymore, though. So instead I began to patch up my little bear. Today again I run the needle through and stitch.
My best friend told me a very scandalous secret. I have such a hard time keeping my mouth shut. I only told one person because I couldn't help myself. The next day, the secret was being passed all over the office. My friend is not speaking to me right now.
Kelly had the most unruly curly hair. She wanted it to be smooth. She decided to get a straightening treatment. When she went to get it done, it took forever. When it was done it looked great.
Mia wanted to be a famous singer. She sent her tales to many studios, but none replied. She never gave up. After two years, she finally got a call from a small studio. They loved her voice and they wanted to sign her to their label!
My wife just got a promotion at work! I'm so proud of her because she works so hard. We have two kids and she is always stressed. This promotion is a nice little reward for her. I took her out to celebrate her promotion.
Jeremy is a skinny guy. He looked at all these images of hot guys. He decided to lift weights. He did it for 2 weeks straight. He ended up giving up.
Allan realized he had a lot of debt. He decided that he wanted to pay his debts off in one year. He sat down and made a budget to pay the bills. He also picked up a second job to help pay the bills. Fortunately,he was successful in paying off all of his debt in 1 year.
Ted had a business trip in a city two states away. He was going to fly there. He set his alarm so he would not oversleep. However, his phone's battery ran out and the alarm could not wake him. He overslept and missed his flight.
Bob finds out that he will lose his inheritance if he is not married. He only has 24 hours. So he quickly marries his best friend. When he gets the money they get divorced. Bob is so grateful he gives his friend a reward
Tom's friends set him up with a blind date. Tom was nervous about doing this. Tom knocked on the girl's door, flowers in hand. When the door opened Tom was absolutely floored. The girl turned out to be drop dead beautiful.
Tom heard some screeching outside. He went out to see a cat fight. Tom tried to intervene and stop them. He was able to do so. Unfortunately he was scratched in the process.
Lauren has always wanted to see Metallica live in concert. Finally Metallica announces that the will play in her hometown. Lauren attends their concert. After the concert, Lauren finds that her ears hurt badly. She wishes that she had never seen Metallica in concert.
I need an iPad for work so I went to best buy to purchase one. Best buy had some iPads available and decided to buy one. When I went home it was broken so I took it back. I went back and got a new iPad and it broke right away. I guess I just have bad lucks with iPad.
Judy felt she had nothing to talk about to co-workers. When the others talked of parties, Judy stayed silent. One day, Judy started telling them all kinds of exciting stories. The co-workers started acting like Judy was part of the group. Judy continued inventing a life from stories on her soap operas.
Anna ordered extra spicy chicken wings from her favorite pizzeria. But when they arrived, they were very mild! Anna was disappointed. She called back and explained the issue. They sent her out fresh wings right away - VERY spicy ones!
Ed tossed a bag of chips into his backpack before he walked to school. He then put in his textbooks and notebooks. At lunch he opened his bag to get his chips. The books had crushed all of Ed's chips. Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch.
Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends. He went all day and hadn't caught anything. Suddenly, he caught something. Thomas and his friends worked hard to reel the heavy fish in. They all had swordfish for dinner that night.
Ezra loved his father's red truck. Every Sunday he and his father would go for a ride and get ice cream. Ezra grew older and turned sixteen. His father called him outside and handed him the keys to the truck. Ezra had never been more happy to receive a gift!
Every Sunday Earl's church had a potluck. There was only one reason Earl went to church. It was because of his love for Agnes's macaroni and cheese. Earl was devastated Sunday when he found out Agnes passed away. He left immediately and decided he will never go back to church again.
Yoshio was 31 years old and played modern video games. One day he had a hankering to play the old classic Nintendo. He figured it was so old, it'd be sold online for very little money. But Yoshio was very wrong-the console was insanely expensive! It was now a collector's item instead of just a toy.
I visited Kosice, Slovakia. I decided to see the history museum. I was the only visitor there. One of the staff went with me. She turned on and off the lights as I entered and exited the rooms.
Arthur did not want to go to school. A bully was always being mean to him. One day Arthur decided to stand up to the bully. When the bully pushed him, he pushed back. The bully was surprised and decided not to pick on him.
Allen had never seen a play performed live before. He was reluctant to go when his girlfriend asked him to a performance. He thought the tickets were too expensive and it would be boring. But when they saw the play, Allen was surprised how much he liked it. It was too expensive to do often, but he planned to go sometimes.
Sam and Beth were having a horrible argument. Sam was angry that Beth forgot to buy him beer. Beth was angry that Sam didn't clean up after himself. After a while, the couple decided to separate. Both were much happier apart.
Alex was home sick from school. He awoke to see his Grandma in the kitchen. Alex was happy she came to take care of him. Grandma put Vicks on his chest and gave him ginger ale. Grandma was better than dad at taking care of sick kids.
For their 5th anniversary Robyn and Rachelle are taking a trip. They want to go to a few different places. They are starting off in Spain. After that they are travelling to England. Their last stop will be France.
Courtney needed new glasses. She had broken hers while running. She could not decide on a style. She finally let the optician pick some out for her. Courtney was glad to see again.
Fernandez was with his family on vacation. It was predicted that it would snow heavily soon. His wife told him to leave for home. But Fernandez wanted to stay. As a result the family was snowed in.
The scientist needed to find a vaccine for the virus. He studied the past work of his peers. He tried multiple concoctions and experiments. Then, he stumbled upon a cure. The scientist's hard work was able to help save many lives.
Amanda was making her first Thanksgiving turkey. She had no clue how to remove it's neck and things like that. She called her grandma up for advice. With her grandma's instructions, she was able to figure it out. She was proud of herself for trying something new.
Jill's cat went missing. After a few days she started to worry. Usually it came back by then. After another few weeks Jill started looking for it. Luckily it showed up the next day.
Trina had always wanted to buy her own house. Renting an apartment in her city was very expensive. On a whim, she went to an open house. She fell in love with the new house and hurried to find a realtor. It only took three weeks and the new house was her's.
Jake was listening to music on his iPod. His iPod started to skip some songs. Eventually his iPod completely shut off and died. Jake ordered a replacement iPod off of eBay. It arrived at his home after 2 days.
Jane was at working hard on a project trying to make a deadline. She received a phone call from her daughter Ali's school. Ali had been suspended. Jane needed to leave work to pick Ali up from school. Jane was furious she would miss the deadline for her project.
Tim took a summer job on a farm. He helped much stalls and feed animals. It was hard, hot work. Tim earned good money working. He also earned a deep, dark tan!
James had a bushy beard. Looking for a job, he cut it off. His friends joked that he looked like a teenager. He received a job two weeks later. His new boss calls him the baby-faced assassin.
Jason's mom bribed him with a new video game to shovel the snow. While shoveling, the neighbor offered $10 to do her driveway. The person across the street agreed to pay $15. Jason became the person to hire on snowy days. He decided he would save the money to put towards a car.
I went to the comedy attic with my cousin The main act was Jimmy Walker People in the crowd were heckling him Jimmy asked them to not interrupt The patrons were asked to leave
Kim was grocery shopping. There was a woman and her cart in the middle of the aisle. Kim said excuse me, but the woman stayed still. Kim moved the cart from the middle of the aisle. Kim was shocked the woman had the nerve to scowl at her.
Makenzie never showed signs of having any allergies. She saw an Oreo commercial for Mint flavored cookies on tv one day. Makenzie asked her Mom to get her these when she goes to Walmart. Later that evening she asked her Dad for two oreo cookies. An hour later, Makenzie was itching all over and broke out in hives.
Susie tried on the dress. She found it very uncomfortable. She wasn't sure she wanted to even wear it. Susie put it away. She never wore it again.
Suzanne was in the kitchen making breakfast. Her family was not awake yet. She spent a lot of time doing everything just right. Finally, breakfast was ready to be served. Her family woke up just in time and everyone enjoyed breakfast.
My cat was sleeping on a foldable laundry holder. He woke up as I entered the room. He stretched lazily. But his stretching caused the contraption to expand. Surprised and very awake, he slipped down into a pile of clothes.
Tom planned a picnic with friends. When it came time to go it started to rain. Tom hoped it would pass. Unfortunately it didn't for hours. Tom had to cancel plans and stay in.
Matilda was invited to her new neighborhood's annual cookie exchange. She made her chocolate chip cookie recipe that her family loved. However, at the party, she saw everyone else had made fancy cookies. She was afraid they would all think she was unsophisticated. She need not have feared, for she won the prize for best cookie!
When we got into an argument, I was very distressed. The only thing I could think about was getting away. My instincts said to leave the room or even the house. When I tried, he told me to stop. I sat back down, but all I wanted to do was flee.
Gina wanted the new boy in her class to know she disliked him. But she had never spoken to him. It was lunch time and the class lined up to leave the room. Gina decided she would trip the boy as he walked past her. But she chickened out at the last moment.
Ana challenged her dad to a game of Jeopardy! They sat down in front of the television together. Then they watched avidly as the game show played. They kept score as each answered questions. At the end of the game, And had won by four!
Walt had finally turned 16 years old. He headed to the DMV and got his learner's permit. Walt asked his father to teach him how to drive. He and his father spent the next few weeks going over driving basics. Walt passed his license test after all that practice.
Fred was unhappy in his relationship. He wanted to break it up with his girlfriend. But it was tough. Finally he pulled her aside and did it. He felt terrible afterward.
Tiffany loved to go fishing. Every chance she got, she was at the lake with her fishing pole. Yesterday, she went to a new location to fish. She spent all day trying, but couldn't catch anything. Despite not catching any fish, she will return tomorrow to try again.
Vince noticed his neighbor bending over her flower garden. She seemed to be in a lot of pain. Vince offered to help her do the weeding. His neighbor was very grateful for his help. She told him at her age weeding was too hard on her back.
Tom let his friend borrow his phone. The friend kept using it. He kept draining the battery. Tom got it back way later. The phone died shortly after.
Tom was at a pool party. He was walking by the pool and slipped. Tom fell into the pool. He tried to get his phone out as fast as possible. Unfortunately it was too late and the phone died.
Joe thought it was ridiculous to waste time sitting by the lake. He'd rather be doing something fun! But his mother insisted the family watch the sunset together. He was glad he was watching when the sun finally set. The reds, oranges, yellows and pinks were beautiful in the sky.
Gene had a project due for his art class. He was carrying it to the classroom. Another student bumped into Gene. He dropped his project. It broke into pieces on the floor.
Lee and her mom went to the mall, but Lee got lost! She wandered around sadly looking for her mom. Then a security guard found her and took her aside. They paged her mom on the intercom. Her mom rushed right to the office and hugged her tightly!
Lacy was walking down the street. She saw a snail on the ground. He was directly in the sun and moving slowly. Lacy picked him up and put him in a cool shaded area. She felt confident that she had saved the snail.
It started to rainy on Ann's walk home from school. She dug into her backpack hoping to find a newspaper. But then she found something better. Her mom had slipped an umbrella into her pack that morning. Ann was so happy and grateful!
The first year of college was the fun. I wanted to stay in school forever. I need to decide what to do with my life soon. I want to get a job and start earning money. I'm excited to get out into the real world.
Tim was watching a horror movie in the basement. He got really scared by the end of it. Tim had to walk upstairs after turning off the light. He was so scared that he tried to run all the way up. He tripped halfway through and fell on his face.
Jane got pregnant. She didn't know who the father was. She decided to put the kid up for adoption. When Jane had her kid she couldn't part with it. She decided to keep it instead.
Manny got a new shelf for his movies. He wanted to arrange them in a fun way. For a minute, he couldn't decide how to organize them. Then, he decided to sort them by genre. He spent the next twenty minutes arranging all of the movies.
My sister had colitis. She could only eat certain grains. I accidentally fed her rye for dinner. She had to go to the emergency room. I realized I should double check what I feed her.
Richard wanted to go to the mall. He didn't have a way to get there. He asked his mother for a ride to the mall, but she was busy. Then Richard asked his dad if he could take him. Richard's dad ended up driving him to the mall.
My sister asked me to come over to her house. I didn't know what was going on. I came over and noticed the whole family was there. My sister handed us all pictures. It was an ultra sound picture of her baby.
Last Monday, my son and I went to get sushi in Cambridge. We went to Genki Ya on Fresh Pond. We had Japanese beers, fish roe, and two combo sashimi-sushi dishes. The roe was good, and the sashimi was very tender. We had a great time and vowed to return soon.
Tom's boss warned him repeatedly about drinking at the store. One night, a new girl started and Tom worked the shift with her. He got drunk and yelled at a customer about nothing. The new girl phoned the boss, who came down to the shop. Tom was fired on the spot, the new girl taking over his position.
Benny dreaded laundry day. It felt like every day laundry had to be done. The drug all his dirty clothes and sheets to the washer. They only thing worse than starting laundry was folding it. He sat there and sighed at the thought.
Jim was a political person, he was gay and in management. Charles felt like Jim was harassing him in his sales office. The other morning, Charles called in sick with Swine Flu. Jim felt really bad for Charles, Swine Flu was a nasty disease. But Charles lied and went to have a good time and shirk Jim.
We went on vacation and my nephew had issues with personal space. We tried to talk to him about giving people some air. It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us. But sometimes it was a bit too much. We finally had a good talk and he cut down on the hugging.
Connie was having trouble getting to school on time. She slept through the alarm clock every day. Connie decided to buy a louder alarm clock. She set it up across the room. Now, Connie wakes up on time.
Some raccoons climbed into my garbage one night. The local cat that thinks he owns that garbage went to look. The raccoons were small, but there were three of them. They tried to run when the cat came by. The cat saw them and ran instead.
I woke up one morning at 8:30. I was going to be late for work! I jumped out of bed and dressed quickly. I called my boss to let him know I would be late. He laughed and reminded me it was Saturday.
Tambo Scrambo thought he wanted to be an archaeologist. He'd gone to school and collected all the tools. One day he went to a museum to finish his thesis. There he saw a beautiful work of art. Tambo realized how he'd wasted his life, and became a recluse.
Glenn always liked coloring books when he was a kid. His girlfriend knew and wanted to surprise him. She found some adult coloring books online and bought them. Glenn was super excited when she gave them to him. They both drank wine and colored together as a date.
Tim was trying to lose weight. He decided to do weight training. Unfortunately he didn't know much about it. He tried putting up too much weight his first time. Tim wound up tearing a muscle.
One saturday night, my girlfriend and I wanted to do something fun. So we hopped in our car, and drove down to bar down the street. As we got there, we realized it's very busy and rowdy. So we had second thoughts, but decided to go in regardless. Long story short, we immediately left due to how disgusting it was.
Eve had waited until Thursday to study her geography. She had devised a method to learn all of her states in an hour. It seemed to be going well until she fell asleep during her studying. When she awoke the next morning, she was frantic. Eve finally realized that she needed to manage her time better.
Outside, Barbara's house was a huge pothole. Barbara knew about the hole and avoided it everyday. Other people did not know and hit the hole often. Barbara called the city about the pothole. Crews came and fixed the pothole the next day.
Karen bought a new bag. She found it cheap online. Within a few days she noticed a hole in it. Several items kept falling out. Karen figured out why it was so cheap.
I looked out my window and saw that my grass was getting tall. I decided that the grass needed to be mowed. I went outside and got the lawn mower from the shed. I worked for an hour cutting the grass. I sat on the porch and was proud of how good the grass looked.
The first time I went horseback riding was bad. I had no idea what I was doing. I couldn't steer the horse any direction. It started running uncontrollably. I almost fell off before someone helped.
Ron went to the beach for the day. He was enjoying the water and learning to surf. He had an awesome day and decided to head back to shore. On his way out of the water he felt a miserable pain in his foot. He stepped on a jellyfish and had to be rushed to the hospital.
Shannon was graduating from college. She was very proud to be the first member of her family to do it. The entire family had gathered to cheer. They threw her a big party afterward. Everyone felt like they had accomplished something that day.
Tom wanted to be healthy. He read online about cooking. He read that the oil he was using to fry was unhealthy. He read about olive oil being healthier. Tom switched to olive oil.
Vince heard a loud noise in his son's room. He tried to run towards the room. When he opened the door, he looked on the ground. He saw a magazine and a barbie doll. Although the dolls were just toys, he looked curious.
Tom kept trying to do homework last night. He needed to concentrate on a tricky subject. His phone kept distracting him by beeping. He tried ignoring his text. Until he chose to just turn off his phone.
Noah was looking for a very special butterfly. He went to the woods and walked all day. When night fell, he made a fire and waited. Around midnight, in the pale moonlight, he saw one. He looked at it, was mesmerized and let it go.
Chad wanted to get a haircut. He went to the local barbershop. He wanted a specific hair style and he told it to the barber. The barber then cut all of his hair off. Chad was very angry but had to pay.
One time when I went to the gym it was very busy. Because of the amount of people there was a time-limit for machines. I used the treadmill for twenty minutes before having to get off. After that I used other machines, but they were also limited. I ended my gym trip feeling a lot less accomplished than usual.
Dawson loved to cross country ski. He had planned this trip for two weeks. He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost. He was scared but made a fire and waited for rescue. It wasn't until morning, almost 14 hours later that he was found.
Tom was cleaning his apartment. He was going through his sofas. He found a lot of loose change between the cushions. There was enough to get a beer. Tom did so after he was done cleaning.
This morning I noticed I was a little hungry. After thinking about what to eat, I chose to go to the store. Once there, I picked out some breakfast items and headed out. The lady that checked me out was really nice! It was a very quick trip for some food!
Dave wanted to spend some time with some family He decided it would be a good idea to get tickets to a hockey game He got 4 tickets to see the phantoms play and invited some family His nephew, his brother, his niece, and his sister all came along They watched the home team sadly lose, but had a great time
Kathy was invited to a wine and painting class. She was nervous that she couldn't paint well. Kathy followed the teacher's instructions closely. Kathy got many compliments on her painting. She felt very confident about her new skills.
John went to the park at night to relax. John heard an argument between two people. John heard a conversation about someone being a  drug addict. John wanted to avoid such trouble. John left the park and decided not to go there at night.
Maria decided to make her family eggs for breakfast. She ended up not using any butter nor oil while cooking. All of the egg's came out burnt. The pans ended up being ruined and the food thrown in the trash. Her mother now refuses to ever let her cook again.
Tom left at the same time every morning for work. Today he hit a lot of traffic on his way. He tried to take a different route and got lost. Finally he was able to find his way. Unfortunately Tom was late to work anyway.
Aaron and Maddie were walking through the park. Suddenly, they heard some weird noises. They decided to go inside just to be safe. Inside they checked the news. They learned that a mountain lion had been spotted in the area.
The mother held out the brand new teddy bear to her daughter. The toddler giggled with delight at the new toy. She stretched her hands towards the bear but she couldn't reach it. She took a wobbly step forward. Her mother took a picture of her first steps.
Elle had visited Jill's house a few times. She never saw what was sleeping inside the cage in her room. When she spent the night, she got to meet the nocturnal occupant. Around 10pm, Jill opened the cage door. An adorable little furry animal with big eyes jumped out.
Jean was walking home from the theatre. It began to slowly rain. Jean began to walk faster. The rain started to fall harder. Jean went into a store and called a friend to pick him up.
Cell phone carriers began charging high prices for data. Many people wrote Android apps to bypass data caps legally. One app in particular allowed computers to use the USB connection. One carrier recognized a big opportunity, and funded app development. That carrier became the largest cellphone company in the US.
Every morning Rick was woken up by an annoying tapping sound. It was a tiny sparrow always pecking at his window. It would wake him so early when he was trying to sleep in. So Rick bought some bird traps for his house. Two days without the bird Rick thought he won, then he heard tapping.
Suzy was asked by her neighbors to babysit children. So she agreed to do it. But when she came over, the kids were wild. Suzy could not take it. After she was done, she realized she did not want to have children.
Anthony had a job delivery gas to construction sites. The job paid well and was not difficult in the slightest. Sometimes he used the gas truck to fill up his personal car. The company noticed and began watching him more carefully. He was caught stealing gas and fired immediately.
Sean had a deep interest in robotics. He lived near a university that specialized in artificial intelligence. One day he decided to write the department an email about his passion. A few days passed with no response. Finally, he got a reply with an invitation to tour the campus.
Tina auditioned for the school play. She wanted the lead role. She was afraid she wouldn't get it. Thankfully she got it when they announced it. Tina couldn't have been more happier.
After the band played the crowd clapped politely. The band leader thought that they could do better. He raised his baton and conducted the song once more. He gestured to the musicians to play better and with more feeling. At the end of the second play the crowd went wild.
Ella was a great performer. She loved being up on stage. The audience loved watching her. They would clap and cheer when she came on. Ella loved being in the limelight.
Mrs Bellos assigned several pages of homework for over the weekend. Not wanting to wait until Sunday, Jon started as soon as he got home. His Mom checked on him and brought his dinner to his room. Jon ate while finishing the last of Mrs Bellos' homework assignment. When it was time to sleep, John anticipated a free and fun Saturday.
Nancy was walking around the neighborhood. She noticed her bracelet had fallen off! She retraced her steps. She found the bracelet sitting on the sidewalk. She was so happy to have it back!
Terry was always terrified of the tree near her window. She was afraid that it would fall on her bedroom. One day Terry left to her friends house. Well she was visiting her friend it began to rain hard. Terry went home to find out that the tree had crashed into her room.
Carrie was having a wonderful day in the park. Suddenly she lost an earring. Carrie looked everywhere to find this earring. It was nowhere to be found. Luckily a stranger found it and gave it to her.
The Jones went to the beach every year. This year they had a new bocce ball set. They played bocce every day on the beach. The children and adults all loved playing the game. It was their funnest beach trip in years.
Gina had a crush on Jamie. But now she also liked the new kid at school Josh. She felt like she was cheating on Jamie by liking josh. But each time she saw him she knew she liked him. She didn't really have to choose, since neither of them even knew.
Joe could not remember his address. He felt like a fool. He decided to do something about it. He made up a funny rhyme about his address. After that he always remembered it.
Sally was going to the pet store. She was very excited. She looked at the cats, fish, gerbils, even the snakes! But when she saw her dog, she knew he was family. She took her new dog, Sam, home.
Shemecka needed a new place to stay. She asked her new boyfriend to lease a house for her. Because he was an ex convict he couldn't do too much to help her. Shemecka moved in with some friends and used their car to go to work. Because she was so depressed, she cried every night.
Kate had just bought an old house at auction. Walking through it, she saw that the cellar was full of wine. She tried to contact the previous owners, but she couldn't. Finally Kate decided to sell the wine at auction. The vintage bottles earned her almost twenty thousand dollars!
Tammy needed money badly. She did not know what to do. Tammy loved art and children. She decided to open a face painting business. She made lots of money and ended up happy.
Fred noticed that he feet got very hot in the summer. He decided he needed new footwear. Fred invested in a nice new pair of sandals. He loved wearing his new sandals. Fred was glad that his feet no longer got hot in the summer.
Alan tried to get some candy from the vending machine. However,the lever inside the machine froze. In an attempt to get it out, he kept hanging the front window. A security guard told him to stop. Since he understood the situation, he only gave Alan a warning.
Kate was doing chat hits on Mturk. She would answer questions for other turkers. One turker would guess items at random. Kate considered stopping the chat hits. But she decided to continue working on the chart hits after all.
Susan's daughter was having a birthday soon. Susan bought her daughter a gift. She didn't want her daughter to find the gift. Susan decided to hide the gift. She put the gift in her closet behind her clothes.
The kit would come in quite handy. We zipped it up and put it in a suitcase. When we got to the campsite, we setup our tents. By the time the hour was up, my husband was stung by a wasp. We put the emergency first aid kit to good use that day.
Felix had recently gotten fired from his job. He felt really depressed. He spent his days on his computer playing video games. He eventually got a call for a job interview. Felix stopped being depressed after getting hired for a new job.
Bert went fishing. He enjoyed quiet time only with himself. He sat on his favorite place and tried to catch a fish. Suddenly loud kids appeared around him. He knew today he would not catch anything.
Becky and Tim were in a relationship together. They would relax by watching youtube videos together. They watched many funny videos together. They grew closer by laughing and enjoying those positive experiences. Tim eventually proposed and they married.
Marcy was cleaning her room. She was cleaning the couch when she discovered her old iPod. It had been missing for years. She turned it on. There she found old photos of her and her friends that made her smile.
Adele wrote a song. An editor reviewed the notes. He suggested two changes. Adele incorporated the changes. The editor felt important around his peers.
Brad bought a new bed. He couldn't find any sheets that fit it! He finally ordered some online. When they arrived, he put them on the mattress. He couldn't wait to climb in the bed that night!
Michael is a huge football fan. He is a fan of the local college. There was a huge game coming up that he wanted to attend. Michael knew he couldn't afford it. His wife surprised him with tickets.
Mike broke his wrists and could not work. He called his mother to tell her the news. She became worried and drove up to Mike's house. She took care of his rent and took care of him while he healed. Mike could not believe his mother's love and learned a big lesson.
The man gave the beggar some money. The beggar took the money. The man thought the beggar should have thanked him. The next day he did not give the beggar any money. The beggar sneered at the man.
The boy sat at the table. He was expecting food. His mom saw him sitting there. She ignored him. The boy made his own food.
Jasmine was invented to a private dinner party. Upon her arrival she checked in her coat. One guess noticed they shared the same coat. After dinner Jasmine receives the wrong coat. Jasmine rushes out the party and keeps the newer coat.
Mary had to get glasses. She was supposed to wear them all the time. She hated wearing her glasses. She wasn't wearing them when she rode her bike into her Dad's car. When her dad found out she was grounded for a month.
Drake's family reunion was coming up. He was planning on attending the event. However he was nervous about going. The last time he attended a family event a big fight broke out. Drake decided to make an appearance and leave early to avoid drama.
John wanted to play a prank on his friend. He bought fake candy from the gag store. It was actually really spicy. He offered it to his friend but it didn't work. The friend knew what it was and turned it down.
I got a taxi cab late at night to the city. I was dressed really sharply. When I walked in the club people stared. I danced all night and made lots of friends. I went home with several phone numbers.
The street in front of the Smith home often floods during rainstorms. Sometimes young Jimmy will go outside and warn drivers to turn around. One time Jimmy began shouting when he saw a car approach the street. The driver did not listen and continued straight through. The car stalled in the deep water and had to be towed.
Mary was taking notes on her laptop in class. Her laptop suddenly turned off. The battery on her laptop was faulty. Mary called up the warranty support for her laptop. She was able to get a new laptop through their replacement program.
Peter want fishing along the lake. While fishing, Peter saw a long black snake on the shore. The snake was menacing, and tried to attack Peter. Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake. Nowadays, Peter does not fish as much by the lake.
My two sisters and I heard our Dad come in from work. We all ran in to greet him and get a hug. That day Dad was carrying a cardboard box in the door. He said he had a surprise for us all. We were so excited when we saw the new tiny puppy he has for us.
Tim is struggling in school and at work. Tim is falling quickly and needs to seek help. His addiction to the bottle is detrimental. He works his way through counseling. Tim is back on track and in school again!
My grandmother loves dog. One day, she went into a shop to get some dog food. She went to the cashier to pay for it. The cashier said they need evidence that my grandmother has a dog. She went back to get her dog, just for the dog food.
Cora loved babies. She decided to try to be an obstetrician. Then she wanted to take a more holistic approach. She did some more studying. Soon Cora decided to be a midwife!
We used to have two remotes from Xfinity. We now have four. Recently we could find only one. We looked around and found all four on the couch. We decided to clean up the place.
I decided to throw my Mom a surprise birthday party. She once told me she haven't had a party since her 10th birthday. I secretly invited all her close family, friends and colleagues. The look on her face was priceless when she seen everyone. I was so glad the party turned out to be a night to remember!
Mary loved to teach different languages. She loved how she could audibly hear the progress her students made. Some students didn't like to learn and started to fall behind. Mary spoke to them and told them they could do anything. With confidence instilled in them, they tried and succeeded.
There was a little boy named Bryan who wanted his own pumpkin badly. He saved and saved for when the pumpkin patch would open. Bryan even did extra chores for his mother so he would have enough. Finally after weeks of saving, the pumpkin patch was open. Bryan searched the pumpkin patch all day and found his own pumpkin.
Allison was offered an opportunity to work in a temporary position. She would be able to learn a lot. She accepted the position so she could put it on her resume. After her temporary assignment was over Allison was offered the job. She accepted the new job.
My stepmother was a wicked woman. She was a preacher at our church, but she was a sinner. She used to whip me with a wooden paddle with a staple in it. I left home when I was only 13 years old because of her. I told my dad what she did, but he didn't believe me.
May was babysitting her neighbor's infant. She was tired because the baby wouldn't stop crying. The parents called to tell may they would be 3 hours late. Although May was upset, she agreed graciously. When the parents returned they paid May $30 then agreed to.
Tim and Mandy had been dating for a few weeks. Tim was always protective of his phone. One day Mandy snuck a look at it. She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating. Mandy dumped him.
Tammy was excited for prom. She had a boyfriend she was going with. They broke up before the dance. Tammy still decided to go. She saw her ex boyfriend with someone else there.
Debbie likes romance novels. She loaned a romance novel to a friend. Her friend cracked the binding. Debbie does not like cracked bindings. Debbie doesn't loan books to friends any more.
Kate got a new dog. It was a collie. She loved to brush his hair and throw a ball to him. The collie was a friendly and sweet dog. Kate told her friends they should all get collies as well.
Jim went to a convenience store. He bought a can of soda. As he drove away, he took a sip of the soda. It tasted awful. Jim noticed the soda was expired.
Kate and her sister were watching TV. A scary movie was on HBO. It was way too creepy for them. But neither wanted to be the one to say they were scared. So the two girls watched the movie in complete terror.
Anna waited for the coffee to brew. The water heated up in the tank. Then, it filtered through the coffee grounds. The coffee dripped into the pot. The coffee pot was finally full of coffee.
Sam was the captain of his football team. He wanted to increase his team's moral for their homecoming game. He threw a huge pasta party for his team before the game. His teammates thanked him for being so kind. Sam and his teammates ended up winning the game that night.
My friend invited me to hang out. We went over to his apartment. We ordered some pizza for lunch. We watched a sports game. I went home after the game ended.
Dan was always afraid of flying. Dan got word that his family across the country needed him. Dan knew he would have to fly to get there in time. Dan boarded the plane, shaking with nerves. Dan arrived in Oregon, safe and sound!
Olaf and his buddies decided to go shopping in the Town Center shops. His friends just kept wanting to buy food. But Olaf wanted to go shopping for clothes. Eventually they were headed toward the clothes shops. But Olaf's buddies were full and tired, and decided to leave.
Jacob decided to build a treehouse in his yard. He went to the hardware store but wood was too expensive. He called up a friend who did woodworking. Jacob's friend was able to give him scrap wood for free! Jacob was able to build a great tree house for cheap.
Kate bought a new pair of shorts. They were smaller than she expected. She tried to wear them out with friends. They told her that her buttcheeks were hanging out. Kate went home to change.
Monica was walking to the library one day. Suddenly she felt her purse yanked from her arms. Some random person was running off with her bag. She called the police and described the suspect. Luckily they caught the guy and returned her purse.
Joe got a call about the car he was trying to sell. The caller asked Joe to meet him somewhere to buy the car. Joe drove over to meet him right away. The guy offered Joe half the price that Joe asked. Joe said some dirty words to him and drove off.
Lucy wanted to buy a new car. She visited some car dealerships. She test drove a few cars. Lucy applied for financing and was approved. Lucy picked out a new Kia and drove her fabulous car home.
Frank liked to make lists. He bought a new notebook just for it. He wrote his grocery list and his to-do list. He loved the way the new notebook opened and closed. It kept him organized.
Eric was given a car for his birthday. He took his driving test in it. Eric drove extra carefully during the test. He passed! Eric can drive his car.
Ronald had never eaten octopus. One night, Ronald was offered some octopus sushi. Ronald took a bite of the octopus. The texture was tough, but enjoyable. From that night on, Ronald was a fan of octopus.
Shane worked as an accountant for a large company. Shane felt that he was not being paid enough for his work. Shane decided to start altering the accounts at work and hiding money. Shane took the money he hid from work. Shane stole over 4 million dollars from his employer.
Lance was entering a cooking contest. He knew he was pretty good but not that great. He decided to cook his grandmother's apple pie recipe. The contest begins and the taste testing is underway. All 5 Judges agree Lance should win the Top Prize.
Billy played the flute. He played it everyday. One day his mom asked him if he could perhaps stop. She said he wasn't that good. Billy cried the rest of the night.
Rachel was lying in bed, scared of the dark. She tried to calm down and go to sleep. She was just too scared, and jumped out of bed. She decided to sneak into her sister's room. She quietly crept in and then laid on the floor and fell asleep.
When we were kids, we used to make greeting cards on special days. Each of us makes our own greeting card  for our parents. One Christmas i was ashamed to give my card because it's beautiful. But when my parents ask for it i already give to them. They told us that all of our cards were beautiful because it's from us.
Tom kept watching commercials for a new show. He thought it looked annoying and lame. Tom decided to watch it anyway. He was actually really pleasantly surprised. It turned into one of his favorite shows.
I was once driving to work in the morning. Traffic that day was horrible and rain was everywhere. The person in front of me braked hard and I had no time. I slammed into him and my airbags inflated. I wasn't injured, though my pride did take a toll.
Jill likes to go skateboarding. Sometimes she has trouble balancing when she goes too fast. One day, Jill fell off the skateboard and scraped her knee. She started crying because it was bleeding. When someone gave her a band-aid, Jill felt better.
Sara was at a party at a friend's house. Someone spilled beer all over Sara's shirt. Sara's friend mentioned they were the same size. Her friend let her borrow a shirt. Sara brought the shirt back the next week.
Tom had a drinking problem. His friends could barely put up with him. One night he got really bad. Everyone felt attacked and insulted. They stopped hanging out with him after that.
The other day I was at the gym A guy was using the weights. After he was done he didn't put them back. I asked him to do so and he agreed. He apologized and I thanked him for doing so.
Tori's boyfriend asked her to go to a concert. She wasn't a fan of his music but she wanted to make him happy. So she went with him. It was a loud heavy metal concert. Three days later and Tori still can't hear properly.
Tim hated roller coasters. His parents convinced him to go on one. They told him it wasn't that scary. It turned out to be incredibly scary. Tim was traumatized ever since.
AJ grew up eating bologna sandwiches. Every single day he had one. He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family. He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce. He was surprised that bolognese was not a fancy way to say bologna.
I built a brand new computer last month. The case I built it in was a budget case. The case had big mesh holes over the motherboard. I was afraid that the motherboard would accumulate dust. So I jury-rigged a dust filter out of some of my pantyhose.
Erica collected all the dirty dishes in her house. She put them in the dishwasher and ran it. Two hours later she checked on the dishes. Some of them were not clean enough. Erica put in more soap and ran it again.
My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room. I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck. He set the mirror down just fine. We looked at our faces, making funny smiles and toothy grins. The mirror fell forward and broke, giving us both bad luck.
Devon was at summer camp. The kids were playing a get to know you game. Devon was partnered up with someone for an activity. The boy introduced himself as Devon. The two instantly bonded over their shared name.
One rainy day Amy was so bored. She looked out the window. She saw a big mud puddle. Amy asked her sister to go play in the puddle with her. Amy started a mud fight.
Crungle Rungle was aloof. His plants weren't growing. Though he'd given them everything they needed. One day his wife looked over his garden and laughed. Crungle had planted his garden in sand.
Gabby was proud to be given the lead role in the school play. She had worked hard on her audition piece. She worked hard to memorize her lines for the play. When the show opened, she stood on the stage and took it all in. She loved the feeling of performing.
Pete parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil. He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under. He removed the drain plug and filter, letting the oil drain out. After draining, he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter. He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil.
I wanted to try gardening. I decided to grow lettuce since I like it so much. I bought the equipment to grow the lettuce. I spent time growing and tending to the plant for a long time. After a few months, I had fresh lettuce.
Amy resented the hours her husband spent in his shed. One day, she noticed a badly frayed cord on a fan in the shed. She plugged it in, turned on the fan, and left. Hours later, her husband spied smoke billowing from the shed. Amy moved quickly to call the fire department.
I was always terrified of dogs but my neighbor was fearless. There was a neighborhood pit bull and she always fed him. One day I was at her house and the dog, Pablo, came over. I was terrified but she pet him fearlessly and fed him a treat. From that day my fear of Pablo began to subside.
The kids were headed off to the cabins. They were going to camp! It was their first time away from home. They were very nervous! They had a lot of fun on their new adventure.
Harry was the chosen one. He had to fight he who must not be named. There was a war and harry was in the middle of it. He ended up beating the enemy. Everyone was happy.
I've always been a bookworm. I've excelled at school with ease. I decided to get my doctorate degree. I went through so many years of schooling. I finally got my PHD.
Horatio has eaten a big dinner but he is still hungry. He wants a little more food before he goes to sleep. He looks in his cupboard and sees a delicious bar of chocolate. He takes a bite and immediately feels better. Now Horatio feels satisfied and ready to sleep.
Elizabeth needed a change. She decided to redo her bedroom. She changed it from pink to teal. It felt more grownup and mature. Elizabeth couldn't wait to show it off!
Neil took a bus tour to Stonehenge. He disembarked and gaped in awe. It was so huge and impressive! Neil took tons of photos. He wanted to remember the impressive site forever.
I received an invitation to a wedding from a old friend. I have not seen the friend in many years but was excited to go. I went to the wedding. My friend drank too much during the reception and passed out dancing. He felt very bad and never drank again afterwards.
Marissa never learned how to type fast. She still used only two fingers on the keyboard. But as she had a whole report to type for work, she learned. She practiced all night, adding fingers slowly. At the end she found she had noticeably improved.
Joe told everyone Stevie Wonder stole his song. He got a lawyer and took Stevie to court for copyright infringement. The court hired musicologists to compare the notes. Joe lost the case because he couldn't prove Stevie ever had access. Now he owes $240k to pay Stevie's lawyer costs.
Paul's father was deceased. Paul was his father's only child. He couldn't get to the cemetery to put flowers or care for the grave. Paul called his cousin. Paul's cousin took care of the gravesite.
It had been three years since I owned a car. On this day I had three thousand dollars. I contacted a guy about a used Mitsubishi Eclipse in perfect condition. I bought the car with all my money. My mechanic said it had a blown head gasket and slipping transmission.
Minerva only liked dogs and not cats. She run a dog shelter and liked to take care of stray dogs. When a starving cat came to her door and meowed, she froze. She didn't want to let it in. But in the end, he heart melted, she fed the cat and kept it with her.
Michael told Charles the way to make it was in a Rap group. Charles said no because he was forty Year's old. Charles also thought records didn't sale anymore. Michael started a Rap group with someone else and they went on a tour. Charles was sick after hearing the group make thousands per show.
Last Friday, we drove our RV for the first time. It was scary to drive such a large vehicle on the highway. At one point, several people in a row cut us off. We had to throw on the breaks, but we can't stop quickly. We do feel a bit more comfortable driving it, now, though.
Tom was having a music video for his band. He invited all his friends except Erica. Erica had no idea why she wasn't invited. She confronted Tom to find out why. Apparently he didn't think she could dance.
I had my baby grandson, Kenden, for Thanksgiving. He is 12 months old and such a sweet little man. For two days I was teaching him how to wave, both hello and goodbye. Kenden didn't wave by himself at all at my house. The minute my daughter got him home, he waved by himself at the dogs!
Rick ordered a burger at the drive thru. As he left, he realized he was given a chicken sandwich. He went back into the restaurant. Rick told the cashier what had happened. The cashier gave Rick his correct order.
Ted was always volunteering at the homeless shelter. There was one homeless man he became good friends with. The man had been homeless for 20 years. After years of friendship, Ted let the man stay at his house. In return, the man would do housework for Ted.
The Johnson family had a big day today. They were getting their chickens finally. They had built a coop a few weeks ago. The chickens were set to arrive today. The truck came and there they were!
John decided to go for a bike ride. He got on his bike and took off down the street. The road until he got to the edge of town. He realized how tired he was and turned around to go home. John got home and was exhausted.
Sue liked tacos for dinner. She was making them for the whole family. She made a whole plate of them which were piled up. But she tripped on the kitchen rug. Meat and lettuce went flying all over the kitchen.
A storm passed by Dalton's house. The sky turned dark and gloomy. His dog Spot was scared, and hid whimpering under the bed. Dalton stayed with Spot and comforted him. When the storm was over, everything was okay.
Gina's grandpa had passed away. Her mother was worried about her grandma living alone. It was decided she would move in with them. But she lived 400 miles away. They would drive out of town and move her, and her things there.
Thomas was home from school because he was sick. He did not feel like playing with his toys. His mother gave him medicine and his favorite soup. An hour later, he played with his toys and laughed. He felt much better.
Joe was tempted to order food from a local restaurant. But the thought of not saving money made him feel guilty. So he decided to cook dinner for himself. Joe started to eat his fish and rice. And he soon regret not ordering food from the restaurant.
Bill had a headache. Bill decided he had not consumed enough water. Bill drank a glass of water. Bill waited for his headache to subside. After ten minutes, Bill no longer had a headache.
Bill was having friends over for gourmet toast. He bought the best bread at the bakery. He then toasted slices to different darknesses. Bill laid out the toast on a platter for his friends. The all enjoyed the toast party greatly.
Rosemary was eating a snack. She was at a party that had amazing food set out. She had been dieting for weeks and was starving. After she stuffed herself, she regretted it. Rosemary swore to eat healthier tomorrow.
Ken needed a ride to work. He asked his friends if someone could take him. One agreed to do so. Ken offered to pay him for gas or something. His friend declined and told him to pay it forward.
Ray is starting school in a few days. He first went shopping for a new backpack. He then bought the supplies for school. The day before school he prepared his supplies and backpack. Ray had a great first day of school.
On Saturday, Jerry let his little brother Tim watch a scary movie. Tim started having nightmares about the movie. Jerry was worried that his parents would blame him for the nightmares. Tim admitted to his parents that the movie had caused his nightmares. Tim and Jerry's parents activated the parental controls on their TV.
Jake was having dinner with friends. It was nice and they were going to pay. Jake noticed he forgot his wallet. He asked his friend if he could pay for him. Jake's friend agreed.
Alvin woke up and fired up his computer to begin Turking. He discovered that the MTurk site had crashed overnight. He checked all the user forums for information. He kept checking the site every two or three minutes. It finally came back online and he was able to start work.
Anna was making her first Communion. She dressed prettily and carefully. Then she went to the church. She was given her first Communion. Anna was so proud and happy!
Matt met a girl named Hannah. They spent a lot of time together and became good friends. One day Matt asked Hannah to be his girlfriend. She said yes. Matt was happy.
Marcus and Jason were best friends and liked exploring. Last month they went to the Grand Canyon. This month the went on a hike and discovered a cave. They walked inside the cave and found it surprisingly long. Marcus left a bag nailed to stone with a note and his phone number.
John decided he needed to get in shape before summer. He bought himself some weights. He set up a schedule to workout every day. John made this commitment and took it seriously. He could definitely see a difference in his physique after two weeks!
Amy went to the library at her high school to work on a project. She was upset they didn't have the book she needed. The librarian suggested she check the internet. Amy wasn't sure what that was. Amy never imagined it would be so easy to access information.
My friend Steve dated Sue in 1980. He and his sister were in college with her at the time. He kept asking Sue out for date, and she finally said yes. At the date Sue said she was gay and liked Steve's sister. Steve was shocked.
Ryan was looking for a job. He had spent the past year looking with no luck. One day he got a phone call for an interview. He didn't like the job but he went anyways. He ended up getting the job.
Bob offered Sarah a piece of candy. He told her that it was his favorite candy. After tasting it, Sarah tried not to make a face. She didn't want to hurt Bob's feelings, because she didn't like it! When Bob wasn't looking she spat it out.
Sam wanted to learn to golf. He took his dad's clubs. Then he headed to the golf course. He asked for some tips from other golfers. Soon he was playing golf like a pro!
Joan's husband left her for a younger woman, and she was shattered. She was so depressed, she stayed in bed for three days. Her children and friends rallied around her with support. When Joan got a new job, she realized she could stand on her own. As her self-worth recovered, Joan became proud of her independence.
Benjamin went on a trip to the NASA Space Agency. He was amazed by the rocketships. Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy. Later in the day, they were shown a virtual planetarium. Benjamin left the Space Agency with a new understanding of science.
The boy yelled at his mother. The father got angry. He grounded the boy. The boy went to his room. His mother hugged the father in gratitude.
I had a stroke in the fall of 2011. I needed a banister installed on the condo stairwell. I asked the board of trustees to install one. They said I had to pay for it. I did so, then sued and got $1800 in a lawsuit.
Bob was always happy when his cousins would come for a visit. He also became very depressed when they left to go home. His older brother asked him why he was so sad. Bob said, "mom never beats me when we have company". Bob's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped.
Karen had a strong interest in flowers. She decided to take a course on flower arrangement. She passed the course with flying colours. She used this course to obtain a job at a florist. Karen is ecstatic that she now gets paid to do what she loves.
Becky was performing gymnastics. She found her way onto the balance beam. As she got on the balance beam, she lost balance. Becky fell to the ground. She hit her head on the beam and needed help.
Rick was going to plan a party. He didn't know what kind of food everyone would like. He asked some friends for some tips. After collecting advice Ricky decided to run to the Supermarket. He picked up everyone's favorite Hot dogs and Hamburgers.
Yesterday Becky had a math quiz. When Becky was done she saw what she got. She ended up doing terribly. Becky was horrified. She was disappointed.
We noticed our cat was starting to smell funny. After talking about it, we decided to give her a bath. We ran the water lukewarm, as to not upset her. Dropping her in, we began to scrub. Before long we had a clean cat!
Tim was eating some hard candy. He chewed it more than sucking on it. Tim wound up chipping his tooth. It was worse than expected. He had to get it fixed by a dentist.
I enjoy cruising very much. My wife and I take a cruise vacation several times in a year. We always put a lot of thought into the places we would like to visit. We research ports, weather, and excursions until all three line up. Once we find an itinerary we're happy with, we book our vacation.
John heard that his neighbor lost his wife to cancer. John waited several weeks. Then John started visiting the neighbor, sometimes bringing food. Over time, they became fast friends. Now, John and the widower are like brothers.
My group was singing at a church. We made a mistake on the last few notes. There were two different endings. The drummer blamed it on himself. I hope no one noticed.
The sun was shining this morning. I walked the dog for a little while. She loves to go out on Sunday Funday. It is difficult to get her back inside. I always bring her treats to reward her.
The winter season in Kansas wasn't usually too bad. One year we had a blizzard followed by an ice storm. We were locked in our house for one whole week. We were very thankful that we had extra food stored for emergencies. Now I always keep essentials stored just in case we need them.
Today I took a day trip from Boston to Portland, Maine. My friend has a summer home there. I took the Amtrak train to Maine. We had lunch at a local bar in Portland. I took the afternoon train home.
Patrick always shaved with an electric razor. So when he went to a cabin in the woods he had a hard time. He tried to shave himself with a hand razor. But he nicked his face too much. He finally let his beard grow to avoid the problem.
Phil is sad and lonely. Yesterday while at school, Phil asked out the girl of his dreams. Her name is Wilma. Wilma rejected him because she doesn't think he is good looking. Phil is now trying to find something to make himself feel better.
Tom and Ann went to play in the snow. First they threw snowballs at each other. Then, they decided to build a snowman together. They took turns adding balls of snow to their snowman. When they finished, the snowman was six feet high!
The lady was very sick. She was sitting in the doctor's office, waiting to be seen. When they called her name, she stood up. She walked slowly into the exam room. She hoped they'd be able to help her feel better.
The Eagles drafted Carson Wentz at the quarterback position. The rookie was expected to challenge for the starting position. Wentz got hurt in their first preseason game and hasn't played since. The Eagles recently traded their starting qb from last season. They announced that the rookie Wentz will be their new starter.
Emilio always wanted to be part of a gang. When he got chosen to undergo the initiation, he was elated. He prepared himself for anything. But when the task was explained to him, he backtracked. The price was too high and he quit.
Tom was eating dinner. When he ate everything he just asked for more. He ate pizza, a burger, french fries, onions, a cake and a roll. Soon his tummy hurt very bad. He never ate more than he could bare again.
I accidentally dropped my laptop on the ground. The screen was shattered. The typing keys fell out everywhere. While sobbing, I collected all of the pieces. It took a month, but I was able to put everything back together.
A friend gave me an old car. This car had a big problem. The front door would not open. I tried hard with all my might. I finally realized that I had to give it a small tug for it to open.
Tim's daughter loved Disney movies. She was really hooked on Frozen in particular. Tim saw the movie dozens of times. He didn't really like it but didn't want to upset his daughter. Tim was able to recite the whole thing word for word after a while.
Bob wanted to have the scariest house for Halloween this year. He bought everything he could for his home. He set it all up in his yard. His neighbor had bought more stuff than him. His neighbor had the scarier house this year.
Evan is a Sailor in the Navy. He is on a ship that travels around the world. He went to visit Spain and came home with sea shells from the beach. He gave those sea shells to a pretty girl named April. She liked them so much they decided to get married.
Ruth woke up one night to the sound of footsteps. She could tell immediately someone had broke in. She woke her husband who grabbed a gun quickly. Her husband threatened the unseen predator. Luckily at the mention of the gun, the people ran away.
The family went out to eat. The kids were being rowdy. The dad told the kids to calm down. The kids continued to be rowdy. The family left the restaurant without eating.
All the big kids were getting strikes at the bowling alley. Five year of Bobby wanted to get one too but he just couldn't. One of the workers noticed and put the bumpers up for Bobby. On his next roll the ball went towards the gutter but hit the bumper. It went back to the center of the alley, getting Bobby his strike!
Tom liked to drink. One day, he drove when he was drunk. He drove right through a red light. He hit someone who was crossing the road. The person he hit died a few days later.
Sam got a new tomato plant. He went on vacation and forgot to water it. When he came back the plant was shriveled. He watered the plant and gave it fertilizer. The tomato plant recovered after a week.
Charles was sure he wouldn't qualify for an auto loan. He was 36 years old and didn't have a car. On a lunch break, he met a Nissan car salesman. The salesman invited Charles to apply for a car loan. Charles was approved and the salesman sold him a Nissan.
Jenny was chopping vegetables. She was going to make a great salsa. She picked a couple jalapenos to make it extra spicy. When the salsa was ready, she put it in the bowl. She got out the chips and told her family to dig in.
Laura went to a bar to meet Emily. Laura sat at a booth and ordered a beverage. Laura went on social media on her smartphone. Emily finally arrived and had a seat. Emily laughed at the fact Laura was on social media while waiting.
Renny grew up being a Star Wars fan and loved it very much. When she had children she expected them to love Star Wars as well. Her first son showed no interest in Star Wars and that upset her. So when she had her second son she raised him to watch Star Wars. Her second son became a huge fan of Star Wars and she was very happy.
The fire raged throughout the night at the park. Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire. Some inhaled too much smoke and began to see things. One fireman thought he saw a person dancing in the fire. He thought that it looked like a great place to dance.
Jen clocked in late. It was the third time she was late this week. She was given a talking to for her tardiness. During the talk, she spilled her coffee all over her boss's desk. Jen ended her day at work with an angry customer yelling at her.
My girlfriend wanted me to buy her nail polish. She wanted the color pink. I went to the store and saw 15 different kinds of pink. I was sweating because I didn't know what to get. I quickly grabbed all of them so that I wouldn't be wrong.
At the age of 31, Jillian got her first roommate. Jillian found the roommate on Craigslist. They lived together in their apartment for six weeks. The roommate suddenly said she was moving out at the end of the week. Jillian will never go on Craigslist for a roommate again.
Debbie got a new cat. She went to the pound to find one. They had so many there. She picked this cute orange one. She named her Tabby.
The kids watched as the snow fell outside. The listened as the news played in the background. The news anchor was reading a list of school closings. When the children heard the name of their school, they cheered. They couldn't wait to spend the day playing the snow.
Kim was feeling sad because her husband was sick. After numerous months of battling cancer, he was near the end. Kim had many sleepless nights and tears. The thought of him gone was unbearable. The only positive was looking back at their good times.
As long as I can remember my grandma's house was awesome. One time I went over there and she had bought thirty peacocks. I went into a cage to pet them. Then ten of them charged after me. I could not get away fast enough without being traumatized for life.
The tires were melting on the asphalt because of the heat. A lone coyote panted its way across the closed shop's lot. The gas station had been abandoned for many years. It was the perfect hideout for the pair of escaped convicts. Too bad a brush fire started out back and chased them out.
On one street, the neighbors competed over who had the best mailbox. Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red. His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night. In a bitter move, Jay added even more lights to his mailbox. Now it could be seen from the far end of the street.
Tom was sitting in his algebra class, feeling bored. Tom folded up a piece of paper into a triangular football. Tom flicked the football toward his buddy. The teacher saw Tom do this. Now Tom is suspended from school for two whole days!
Anthony is a huge Kendrick Lamar fan. He was sad because there wasn't a new Kendrick Lamar album. He surfed social media to pass time. He saw a post from Vibe Magazine, Kendrick releases surprise album. Now Anthony's life has new meaning.
Jim was having a hard time affording his rent. He decided to rent one room out and save some money. After putting an ad online, Jim found his new roommate. After moving in, the roommate was very rude and inconsiderate. Jim decided to tell his roommate to leave, and he lives alone now.
Drew was very lonely. He needed to find someone to spend his life with. He tried to find a girlfriend the traditional way. When that didn't work he decided to try the internet. He found a girlfriend that makes him happy and whole.
I played baseball when I was a kid. I was a pretty good player. I enjoyed running the bases. I could throw a ball from outfield all the way to home base. But now I am older and I just prefer watching others play.
Harold enjoyed doing arts and crafts projects. For autumn he decided to make a decorative scarecrow. He ordered the supplies online. He accidentally ordered a fifty-pound bag of straw instead of five. Harold used it to make little scarecrows for the whole neighborhood.
Lila was asleep in bed, tossing and turning. Suddenly, she found herself falling and hitting the ground. She was in a lot of pain and very confused. Then she remembered that she was sleeping on her new bunk bed. She decided to sleep on the lower bunk from then on.
Erin has been dancing since she was eight. Erin entered a dance competition at her school. She practiced every day. Erin hurt her ankle at the competition. Though she lost, she still had a great time!
Shaun was supposed to be waking up for work soon. Suddenly he woke up and saw that he was late. He rushed to get ready and ran out the door. Later when he got home he checked on his alarm. It turned out that the machine had broken.
Cat had been very sad for a while and her doctor suggested medication. She'd heard bad things about antidepressants, and she hesitated. But finally she was out of options, and she agreed to the pills. To her surprise, they slowly began making her feel normal again! Cat found her happiness - and she lost her judgmental attitude.
A man was on trial for drugs. He stayed silent for most of the trial. The judge determined that he was guilty. The man made a snide remark where he called the judge a gavel dude. The judge was so angry he double the man's punishment.
Gina looked up at the icy hill through her windshield. She began slowly accelerating trying to gain speed. At the top of the hill her car began to slow down. Before she was off the hill her tires began to spin. She was still stuck and would need to try again.
Carl went out to eat one night. He ordered a burger medium rare. When he got it he noticed it was slightly burned. He told the waiter and they took it back. Carl got another one just like he wanted.
Elijah took advantage of a Black Friday promotion. He ordered a cell phone from a new carrier. After he'd placed the order, he realized he'd forgotten something. He called the support line for the carrier. They were happy to let him use his referral code after the fact.
I have always dreamed of travelling in a huge RV. I finally made that dream come true and bought one. I had to get a truck big enough to pull the RV, so I searched. I found a giant, black, beast of a truck that was perfect! I hitched her up and set off down the road.
It was summer. Abbey was playing in the grass. She noticed a bunch of ladybugs. She spent the next hour playing with them. Then she went home.
Senji met a girl named beverly. Senji really likes beverly so he do efforts for her to noticed him. He gives her flower in the morning and chocolate in the afternoon. Because of that they became close friends. After five years,they became husband and wife.
Jean went ice fishing on the lake in the winter. She would spend all day out in the cold weather. One day she got frostbite on her hands. She had to go to the hospital to have her hand looked at. Jean now is more careful when she goes ice fishing.
Robert had a big test in which he had a week to prepare for it. This meant a lot for him so he barely got any sleep that week. When he arrived on the day of test, the teacher wasn't there. The substitute stated that the test would occur in two weeks. Robert felt happy knowing he had more time to study.
Neil took a flight into China. He checked into his hotel and then set out to sightsee. He tried real Chinese food, and he loved it! He also loved the Chinese art museum he visited. He wished he could explore China forever!
Jake decided to go on a short run. He strapped on his shoes only to find out he needed new shoes. He went to the store to purchase new ones. The store was out of his size. Jake was incredibly upset and spent the day indoors.
Terry found some seeds on his way home. He planted them in his backyard. He watered them everyday for a month. He got sad because he only saw leaves. He pulled a leaf and out came a carrot!
Mickey was always very grumpy. One of Mickey's classmates Kelsey decided to help him out. She made a plate full of cookies for him and the class. When Mickey saw her he was confused about her cookies. Mickey for the first time she saw smiled when he passed them out.
Josh grew some vegetables in his backyard. The corn was ready to harvest. He pulled the ears off and brought them inside. He grilled them and put butter on them. The corn was delicious!
Lisa decided she needed to study abroad while at university. In her fourth year of school she looked into the study abroad programs. Lisa decided that the Sydney, Australia program was the most enticing. In the fall of that year Lisa journeyed to Sydney for the semester. She loved her time in Australia and was sad to go at the end.
Fred wants to join the math club at school. He tried out but didn't pass the qualification test. He looked at the type of equations he kept getting wrong. He hired a tutor to work on all the math areas he was the weakest at. The following year he came back and made the team with ease!
Sam went out drinking. He tried to drive home. He couldn't find his keys. He had to call a taxi. A friend admitted to taking his keys away.
Ben was researching information for his project. As soon the page tried to load, the site was redirected. A graphic site appeared on the screen. Ben tried to close it. However, more pop ups appeared.
Harry wanted to own a cat. And he finally got one for his birthday. But taking care of it was more work than he realized. And after a week, he became more and more frustrated. So Harry decided to give his cat away.
Bob had recently gotten a new job. He had to relocate to the city of Chicago. Bob took a flight to Chicago the following day. He stayed at a motel while searching for apartments. After a week, Bob was able to find a place near his work.
Tyler liked to sew. He got a new sewing machine and decided to make a gift to break it in. He sewed a brand new dress for his mother. When she received the gift, she was ecstatic. Tyler was happy to see that his hobby had made someone else happy.
Steve's parents were excited about his scholarship to boarding school. They packed his things and took Steve to the impressive school. Steve's parents hugged him hard and expressed their pride. As they left, a boy came up to Steve and punched his arm. Steve decided he would say nothing about it.
I was recently let go from work. I felt depressed and not knowing what to do with myself. I walked down the street and saw a homeless man. I gave the homeless man some money. Then, I thought maybe today isn't so bad.
Ted was shy around girls. He wanted to find a date to his prom. Too nervous to ask someone in person, he learned how to write poetry. Ted wrote a beautiful sonnet for Ann, asking her to the prom. Ann was so impressed, she accepted his invitation immediately.
A group of friends started a fantasy football league. Joe was selected as the commissioner of the league. Joe collected $50 from everyone as league dues. He spent the money on a trophy made in his likeness. The friends all vowed to win the Joe trophy for themselves.
The claw machine roared to life. He navigated the metal claw onto a stuffed bear. She squealed with delight as it caught the bear. He smiled as he gave it to her. She named it Sleepy Bear because it was wearing a sleep cap.
Judy was getting ready to leave for college. Her parents were very sad to see her go. They decided to get her a picture of them before Judy left. Judy appreciated the gift very much. It now hangs in her dorm room.
Ken always loved watching the olympics. He had dreamed of going as a young boy. He never got the chance. Ken lived vicariously through other athletes. It brought him great joy seeing them succeed.
Fred was supposed to pick his daughter up from school. Fred lost track of time because he was watching TV. Fred's daughter had to walk home alone. When she got home, she was crying and yelled at Fred. Fred felt horrible and promised it would never happen again.
Mari and her husband went out to dinner. They took Mari's new truck, which nobody else was allowed to drive. But at dinner, Mari had too many glasses of wine. She knew she could not drive home. Mari had to let her husband drive her new truck home!
I had a gut feeling that Doug was cheating on me with his ex wife. I confronted Doug with my childish suspicions. After I heard his explanations I dissected both the pros and the cons. I asked his wife for the truth and boy did she give me an earful. I dumped Doug this morning because my gut has never steered me wrong.
Dan recently watched a movie about a hero who acted generously. Dan began feeling that he wanted to emulated this behavior. Dan sought out opportunities to be generous. Then suddenly, a troupe of girl scouts came to Dan's door. Dan bought every single package of cookies the girls had!
Eddy wanted to visit the museum to see dragons. His parents tried explaining that dragons never existed. They took Eddy to see the dinosaur exhibit at the museum. He ran right toward the tyrannosaurus display. Eddy insisted to his parents that the tyrannosaurus was a dragon.
My mom bought a porcelain dog for the porch. He's very realistic looking, so he tricked everyone. People walked up to the door, looked down and jumped. They thought there was adorable puppy staring up at them. They laughed when they realized it wasn't real.
Tim wasn't that political. A friend invited him to a Trump rally. Tim was dark skinned. Everyone at the rally gave him dirty looks and some insulted him. Tim felt uncomfortable the entire time and left early for his safety.
Ellen was on her first date with Tony. Things were not going well. Suddenly, Tony passed gas very loudly. He did not seem embarrassed. Ellen decided to end the date.
Jimmy was taking a shower. Suddenly he blacked out and the next thing he knew he was in bed. His mom told him he had passed out. They said he was lucky he hadn't hit anything. Jimmy felt very grateful and spooked by his experience.
Bobby had a lot of toys. He noticed that Billy didn't have any toys. Bobby gave Billy some of his toys. Billy was happy to have some toys of his own! Bobby and Billy are now good friends.
Mattie was late for work. She jumped into her car and sped away. As she rounded a corner, a deer jumped into the road. She swerved to avoid the deer and hit a tree instead. She waited an hour for a tow truck to arrive.
Miranda was driving through town. Suddenly, her car broke down. She had a small gas canister in the back. She grabbed it and walked to the nearest gas station. Then she filled up and retrieved her car.
Rose the cat fell into the trash can. When she climbed out she was covered in slime. It was too much to lick off. Her owners gave her a bath, which she hated. After that she was clean but very unhappy.
Kate kept bleeding when she brushed her teeth. She couldn't figure out why. She tried changing her tooth brush. That helped. Her old one was too stiff.
Jane started to do her homework. She ran across a difficult review problem. She analyzed it for several minutes. However, she wasn't able to solve it. It took her 30 minutes to complete it.
Dad grunted as he screwed the hinge to the door frame. He'd insisted they didn't need a carpenter to do it. Dad tightened the screw too much, though. The wood underneath cracked, and the hinge tore loose. Dad cursed and ended up calling a carpenter to do it, anyway.
Last year I went on a vacation. When I got there, it was raining very hard. I got to my hotel and stayed inside, hoping it would stop raining. It did not stop raining for the next three days. I was sad because I missed three days of vacation.
The other day I woke up very late. I missed my eight in the morning class. I called my professor to apologize. He said not to worry about it. He gave me my assignments that I missed.
Gina called her dad to ask for money. She was nervous, but she had no one else to ask. She was happy when he agreed. Gina hung up the phone relieved. She was happy it had turned out well.
My son went to his classmate's birthday party today. The birthday girl was turning 5. The party was at a children's museum. The kids had a lot of fun playing games and doing crafts. After pizza and cake, it was time to go home.
Daniella was walking to school when it began to rain. She rushed to the bathroom as soon as she made it to school. Her worries were confirmed when she saw her makeup running. Luckily she always brought makeup in her backpack. She redid her makeup and hurried off to class.
A pirate captain bought the biggest cannon ever. He mounted it to the bow of his boat. No one ever dare pick a battle after seeing the cannon. The captain never had to fire it. The captain plundered every ship in the sea with it.
Marcy went to England. She met the queen. She couldn't believe it. It was an amazing experience. She wanted to meet her again.
Eve, a 12 year old, spilled orange juice on the carpet. Afraid of getting in trouble, she covered it with a bean bag chair. Eve forgot about what she did. While her mom was vacuuming, she moved the chair. She was horrified to find mold where the juice was spilled.
Robert owns a restaurant. One evening a man slips and falls in his restaurant. The man decides to sue Robert. Robert goes to court. Robert gets sued but wins the case.
Sam was excited to finish building the dog house. He imagined how excited the dog would be in the house. Sam led the dog to the dog house. The dog would not go inside. Sam threw a treat in the house, the dog went inside.
The mailman came to my door to deliver some letters. I came out to meet him as he did this. I asked the mailman if he could deliver something for me. The mailman said he could if it had stamps on it. I handed the mailman a frying pan with 20 stamps on it.
Cora was trying to make a Christmas gift budget. After adding it all together, she found it was unfeasible. Cora decided she needed to pare down some of the purchases. She cut her budget down by a third. Now Cora could afford to buy everything on her list.
Carlos was a great chef. He put lots of onions in all his dishes. He chopped them into tiny pieces. Then he sauteed them. Carlos knew onions were the secret to a great meal.
David was going to sleep. There was a light breeze outside. David decided to sleep with the windows open. It began to rain. When David woke up, his floors were soaked.
Tyler had always liked studying math. He decided to start studying geometry. At first it was very difficult. However, eventually he became familiar with geometry. Tyler was happy to be studying geometry.
Cat was riding her bike. She was wearing a helmet. Cat fell off her bike. She cracked open her helmet. Cat bought a new helmet.
One day the Eager family decided to visit the fire station. First Jon got to try on a firefighter uniform. Then he got to sit in the fire truck. Finally he slid down the pole. Everyone had a fun day.
Since a teenager I wanted to be a published author. I read the autobiography of James Dean and was inspired to write. I wrote my autobiography in 300 pages. Next, I uploaded the book to Amazon using internet software. The book sold 10 copies, making me $100.
Allie didn't like reality shows. But her friends did. They made her watch some. Much to her dismay. Finally she put up with it for an hour.
Lisa was feeling really hungry. Lisa decided that she needed to eat. She took two slices of bread. She then added peanut butter in between. Lisa ate her sandwich happily.
Eileen noticed that her gray hair was beginning to show at the roots. She went to the drugstore and bought a box of hair color. She came home and got some old towels and an old t shirt. She put on the gloves and began to apply the color. She waited 20 minutes and rinsed it out and she looked good!
Steve was buying toilet paper for his family. A certain brand clogs the toilet so he needed to be sure which brand. Steve called his mom but she didn't remember the brand. Steve was very stressed over this. Steve ended up buying the brand on sale.
Alain was very hungry at work. He had two hours left. When his time came to leave he went to pollo tropical. There was a very big line. Alain decided to go home hungry.
Someone shot at the window of the movie theater I worked at. My body instantly dropped to the floor. I lost the ability to move my lower half of my body. I dragged myself to the back room while in fear I would be shot. The manager and I held each other crying until the police arrived.
Tim was the lead trumpet player in the marching band. He was handsome, talented, smart, and a senior. Lynn and Ann were only in their freshman year but they both liked Tim. Tim didn't even know either one of them existed. Finally they forgot about Tim and became best friends instead.
Joe always loved the horse races at his local track. He often won a lot of bets at that track. One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands. Joe now uses a track much further away. He misses the familiarity of his old track.
Rob and Trent were twins who loved to compete. At camp, Rob learned how to play chess. Trent did not know how to play. Rob challenged Trent to a game. Trent tried his best but lost.
The teacher assigned seat to each person on the first day. A strange girl sat next to me. For the entire day, she stared at me with a mad grin. I asked her if she had a problem. She didn't bother to give me a response.
Tina was pregnant. She wasn't expecting a baby shower however. But her sister Stacy had been planning one. When she found out she was so excited. It was the best moment of her life.
Ron had never been skiing. His brother Eric decided he would take him for his first time. They arrived at the mountain  to see the beginners hill had closed. There was no way they were going to leave without skiing. Eric and Ron then managed to successfully ski down the masters slope.
Will had never played tennis before. A tennis coach friend invited Will to a friendly match. Will was nervous as they started to play. Will found himself doing very well on the court. Will actually won the tennis match!
John was out for lunch during his break. He decided to go to a buffet. John ate way more than he should have. Back at work he started feeling sick. He spent more time in the bathroom than actually working.
My laptop computer fell off of the sofa. The laptop's screen shattered into three large pieces. I took the laptop to the computer shop for a repair. The computer repairman could not fix the screen. I bought a new laptop from the shop instead.
Sara and her friends were enjoying a night in a hot tub. They had been texting some boys. Then, Sara's mom told them to come inside. Inside, she realized that her phone was missing. She went back and searched the hot tub and found it underwater.
Mary is on her school's basketball team. Tonight they have a very important game against their rivals. Mary is really nervous about the game. Mary plays very well in the game and her team wins. Mary is happy that her team won the big game!
John loved surfing. He was always looking for the next big wave. One weekend there was a storm. It created really big waves. John wound up riding several of them.
John had to get a job urgently so he could make money for College. He applied to many different places but only got one interview. He prepped for the interview constantly. On the day of the interview he was sweaty and nervous. The interview went amazing and he got the job the next day!
Carl hated wearing glasses. He decided to wear contacts. The contacts began to irritate his eyes. Carl had to switch back to wearing glasses. Carl was upset.
One afternoon my friend Bob was during house chores. He received a phone call inviting him to a party. My family and I received a call that he was in an auto accident. He had suffered a broken leg, arm and foot fracture. We visit him the next day with gifts and a get well cards.
Joey was at a party. He was chatting with friends on a couch. Suddenly, a commotion broke out. Two guys had begun fighting. Joey ran up to them and tried to break up the fight.
A law had gone into effect that banned plastic bags in Dylan's city. Dylan needed to bring a bag when shopping or purchase a paper one. Dylan decided to bring his own reusable bag. He thought it was a hassle but fun to have his own bag from home. Dylan got used to bringing a bag eventually.
Chad wanted a bicycle. He bought a bicycle at the drugstore. Chad forgot to learn how to ride the bike. Chad climbed on the seat. The bicycle fell on top of Chad.
Joan was always cold and her husband was always hot. The thermostat became their biggest battleground. Both agreed to compromise by setting it at 68 degrees. When Joan still felt cold, she got suspicious. She saw her husband had written 68 at the 60 degree mark.
The man down the street has a nice DSLR. The device can take high resolution slow motion pictures. We set the camera up to capture the local cat jumping. I had to scare the cat by throwing a tennis ball at it. I missed, and the cat didn't move an inch.
Bill and his brother decided to ride their bikes to the family cabin. They packed their bikes with supplies for the long trip. Twelve miles later, they were tired and halfway there. When they got to the cabin, they went inside and collapsed. The next day, they called their parents begging for a ride home.
Wally found a wallet while walking home. He decided to wait for someone to claim it. After waiting for half an hour, he went to the police station. While at the station, someone was already asking for a lost wallet. The man offered Wally a reward for his honesty.
Mike always wanted to be a boxer. He took many lessons and worked hard to learn the craft. He won every fight he was put into. Mike got selected for the title match! He won and got enough money to live comfortably.
Jo got tired of everyone calling her a late bloomer. She felt left out when her friends got the attention of boys. One day, Jo showed up at school looking curvy in a sweater. The boys stared. Jo felt sure they could see through to her tissue-stuffed bra.
Amy had an exam to take this morning. She was terrified of taking it. The first few questions were easy for her. The last question however was the most difficult. She passed the exam with a C.
Suzy was a swimmer in high school. She won lots of competitions. She couldn't afford to go to college. Her school counselor suggested she get a sport scholarship. Suzy just graduated from Rutgers.
In 2014 the City of Boston erected a statue of Edgar Allen Poe. The statue was placed near Poe's birthplace. I visited the statue. I had a photo taken of me in front of the statue. I visited some friends, then went home happy.
While my parents were looking for a new car I suggested a truck. My mom really liked the idea since it could hold a lot. My dad wasn't too sure about it but warmed up to it. We ended up looking for a truck the next day. A few weeks later we found a truck we really liked and bought it!
Tom invited friends over for dinner. He didn't plan ahead properly. He had to use a lot of old ingredients. He added extra seasoning to cover the taste. All of Tom's friends loved it.
Aurelia wanted to get out of the house. She decided to go to the park to play a game of basketball. She met some other kids there to play with. They had a terrific day playing basketball. Aurelia was happy that she got out of the house.
Ted got a job writing online articles for a website. He now spends over eight hours a day typing and researching. The computer screen is starting to give Ted a headache. He decided to give himself ten-minute breaks every two hours. Ted quickly discovered that his headaches went away.
Jane wanted to learn an instrument. She decided on the flute. Her parents signed her up for a tutor. She spent years practicing the flute. Eventually, she became one of the best players in the country.
Tina had never tried Pizza before. She had eaten healthy her entire life. So she decided to try a slice. When she tasted it it was amazing. Tina could  not believe her tastebuds.
The man put on his uniform. It was his only one. He looked in the mirror. His uniform was dirty. The man wore his dirty uniform to work.
Isaiah delivered the newspapers each morning. One morning he forgot to turn on his alarm. He slept in on accident. At 8:30 am he woke up. Isaiah panicked and ran out the door without his pants.
Bobby wanted to impress a girl at school. He put some of his dad's cologne on before leaving in the morning. On the bus, no one would sit next to him! Finally his friend Sam told him he reeked. Bobby had put on too much cologne.
Pat was driving home from work when it started to pour. He turned on his windshield wipers, but they broke and flew off. The rain was so heavy he couldn't see well at all. He quickly pulled over and waited in his car until the rain stopped. Pat drove straight to the auto parts store and bought new wipers.
Robert was camping in the forest. While on his morning hike, he noticed a strange formation. He observed the ground more closely. At first he was scared, believing it to be quicksand. He quickly realized how silly that thought was, however.
Susan made coffee every morning before work. When she went downstairs she noticed someone drank the last of it. She searched the house in a frenzy. No coffee was found. She immediately threw her clothes on and ran to a nearby Starbucks.
I got a job working at a newspaper. I wrote articles about the town I was in. One day my boss came in furious. He read a story I wrote about aliens in town. I guess I should have wrote an article that was true.
Matthew was sure that he could not pass the upcoming test. He was so sure that he decided the was going to cheat and pass. When his teacher was not looking he got the answer sheet from her desk. Matthew wrote all the answers down and took the test that week. His teacher knew he cheated so she changed the test and he failed.
Mike applied to get into Harvard and hoped he would get in. His grades were great but he knew he did not have much else. He did not get into Harvard but did get into many other schools. Mike only wanted to go to Harvard so he decided not to go to college. He took a year off and traveled the world instead.
Patrick and Brian went to the boardwalk. They played some games and won some prizes. A few girls noticed all of their prizes and approached them. Patrick and Brian gave the girls their prizes. The girls each gave Patrick and Brian a kiss.
Smith challenged me to a contest. He told me to give him $10 dollars if he can jump off the roof. I accepted the challenged and he went on top of the roof. When he jumped off, he ended up tripping. His back landed on the floor first.
Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament. Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown. Joan competed and took second place in the tournament. Her friends and family were all very proud. Joan is so happy with her results at the chess tournament.
Herbert had terrible acne. So no girl would talk to him to date him. Herbert was losing hope in his love life. His friend bought him state of the art anti acne cream. So know Herbert has a chance with the ladies.
Vernisha was a daycare teacher. She wanted to be a lead teacher, but never got to be. She was so jealous, she treated the lead teacher like crap. She treated her so bad, she caused the lead teacher to quit. Even after that, she still didn't become a lead teacher.
As a child Eric believed in his imaginary friend. He talked about his friend all the time. They often played together. He told his mom his friend only plays when it is sunny. Eric found out his friend was really his shadow.
Eric waited in line for hours to buy a newly released cell phone. And he was starving when he got back to his car. He stopped at a restaurant and left the unopened phone on his seat. But his car got broken into while he was eating. Eric decided to always hide expensive items from then on.
Lily desperately wanted a baby of her own. She and her husband tried for years but nothing happened. One day, Jenny's sister got pregnant by accident. Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health. Jenny adopted her niece and at last had a baby.
Hazel was proud of her new velvet couch. One evening after a party, Hazel found a tiny stain on the couch. She dabbed at the stain, but it seemed to spread. She kept dabbing until the stain was as big as her hand. Hazel's husband awoke to find her still scrubbing the stain.
My cat was licking its fur. It started to cough some. It coughed up a large hairball. I picked the hairball up. I threw it in the trash.
I had just ate garlic bread. My breath smelled kind of funny. I bought a pack of gum. I put a piece in my mouth. My breath smelled much better.
James was a dating a girl he really liked. They were going through a rough patch. James thought they would break up. She stopped talking to him for a few days. He realized he loved her very much.
Helen was home all day since her parents were at work. She felt extremely cooking. Cooking or doing homework couldn't distract her. Therefore, she called her friend. She came over to hang out with Helen.
Susan was in her math class. She had a substitute teacher today. Susan decided to ditch class. She thought that she wouldn't get caught. Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day.
Emma loved to jump as high as she could. She challenged her little sister, Allie, to a jumping contest. Allie was smaller, and could not jump as high. Allie kept trying and trying. One day, she finally jumped higher than Emma.
I wanted to cook a special breakfast for my husband to start his day. I took out my cookbook and found many good ideas. I would make an omelet with nice things in it like peppers and onions. But there were no eggs in the house! I will go shopping and make him the nice breakfast for supper.
The quarterback was running with the ball. I tried to create an open space to receive it. Dan from the opposite team attacked me. The official called a foul since Dan made a wrong move. We ended up receiving a first down again.
Chris was in Paris during the evening of the terrorist attacks. He was greatly disturbed by the violence. Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside. Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time. Then Chris realized how lucky he was and prayed for the victims.
Joe went to a magic act in his town. He sat in the front row. When the act started, he was chosen to go onstage! The magician made Joe disappear. Joe knows the secret, but will never tell!
Delila was sure her husband was cheating on her, he often smelled. She hired a private investigator to follow him around his day. The investigator messaged her to meet up with having news for her. When they met up the investigator confirmed her worst fears. Her husband had been cheating on her with several men, she was in awe.
Ann found out she was pregnant. She scheduled an appointment with her doctor. A doctor found out she had a missed miscarriage. Ann cried. They had to do a surgery.
Sal talked about all his coworkers behind their backs. When Marie got married, she didn't invite Sal. All the other coworkers were there. They loved having a night out without Sal's negativity. Sal couldn't understand why he'd not been invited.
Tom owned a nice home and lived with his family. He wanted to improve his home. He decided to build a hot tub in his backyard. He completed the job successfully. He and his family enjoyed the hot tub.
Sara and John were excited to learn they had a baby on the way. The only problem was they lived in a one bedroom apartment. Sara and John went and looked at many different house. Finally they picked one that they thought was perfect for them. Nine months later they brought their daughter home to their new home.
Susie wanted to get some laser done. She wanted it for her legs. But when she got it done it was painful. Susie could not stand it. She figured she would not be able to do it again.
Izzie was at the pumpkin patch. She spent a long time trying to find the perfect pumpkin. Finally, she noticed a great round, clean one. She began carrying it back to her car. Suddenly, she dropped it and it cracked open.
Garry wanted to play a game of golf. Gary decided he would go to the local golf club and play. After gathering his things, Garry arrived at the golf club. Garry rented a golf cart, and began to play a game. Garry felt very relaxed after playing a round of golf at the club.
The family arrived at the beach on Tuesday. They spent all of Wednesday in the water ! The sand and sun were both hot. They relaxed and spent time together. It was a great break from reality!
Miranda was feeling lonely. She decided to make an account on an online dating site. After uploading her profile picture, she got lots of messages. All of the messages were lewd or uninteresting. She decided to not use the site again.
Jane walked with Tom down the street. A con man was trying to entice Tom in his card game . Tom thought he would impress Jane by winning. The game was fixed so Tom didn't stand a chance. Jane thought he was silly to try and teased him as they walked.
The birds were ready to leave the nest. They'd been hatched about a month. They flapped their wings and jumped. They all took off and learned to fly. They flew off and made their own nests.
I called my father and I told him I was going on a trip. He asked me where and I told him I didn't know. I packed my bag for warmer weather and called my father again. I told him I knew where I was going now. He told me to stay safe wherever it is.
Greg was lost in an area. His phone was dead and he did not know what to do. He kept walking and couldn't see stores. He started running in a certain direction. Somehow he made it back home.
Emma turned on the news every Sunday, without fail. But her daughter Roa saw a pattern - the news was always sad! There were reports of bad things and very little good. She convinced Emma to stop watching the news and read instead. Roa's advice made Emma a lot happier in her life!
On a drive along the countryside my tire went flat. I got off to check it and there was a nail in my tire. I quickly called my parents to ask for help. They told me to call roadside assistance. After I called roadside assistance they replaced my tire!
Laura was patiently awaiting the results of her test. She checked her laptop every 10 minutes. She finally received an email with her test grade. She had received an A and passed her course. Laura ended up with all As at the end of the semester.
Robert went shopping. He got a new pair of shoes. He wore them out of the store. Robert felt very confident wearing his new shoes. He skipped down the street towards his house.
She was asked at the party what she would wish if she had one wish. The caveat, however, was that it would only last one hour. This was something she had to put some thought into, and did. Wishing for time, for money, for health, which should she choose? I wish for a wish that would last forever was her answer.
I wanted some candy. I bought a package filled with sugary sticks. I opened them one by one, and ate  them all. Soon, I had a sugar rush. I ended up cleaning the entire house from the energy.
There is a big bike race across Iowa. Sam and his friends decide to participate. The bike ride is very tiring and Sam was not prepared. He ends up partying more than bike riding. Sam is sore for months after the bike ride.
I have an exam to study for today. My mind feels so cluttered. I feel as if I cannot focus at home. I drive to the library. I hope I can focus here.
Ted moved across town. His new apartment was very fancy. He arranged all his new furniture just so. He invited all his friends over for a party. He couldn't wait to show off his new place!
Wendy hated sports and dreaded going to gym class. Today, the class went outside to play baseball. Wendy didn't pay attention when the coach explained the rules. She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came. Then, Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base.
It was very warm outside today. Mom decided to take us to the beach. John and I played in the sand. We splashed our feet in the water. I had so much fun, I was exhausted!
Timmy and his friend Jason loved riding bikes. They would always zoom around them in the neighborhood. They decided to have a race to see who was fastest. Timmy and Jason both lined up their bikes and sped off. Jason came across the line first.
My college roommate, Bill, and I were eating in the cafeteria. Bill suggested we steal the cafeteria sign and hang it in our room. I agreed, saying we should come back around closing time. We slunk in later that night, absconding with the sign. The following day our dorm manager saw our new sign and reported us!
Meg bought new stiletto shoes so she could be tall as a model. She wobbled around at work in the six-inch heels, feeling super. Then Meg tripped on a curb in the wobbly heels. The doctor had to put a cast on her broken foot. Meg put on a sneaker and put the stilettos in the back of her closet.
Brian was really hoping to get the Pie Face game for Christmas. Every time the commercial came on, he told him mom about it. His mom looked all over for the game. Every store, online and off, was sold out of Pie Face. Sadly, Brian did not get the game that year.
Ralph just moved in his new house. He was getting his cable and internet installed today. Ralph was waiting for the cable guy. The cable guy arrived and installed the internet and cable. When they left Ralph watched some TV.
Sam stood over his lab instrument ready to test it. He was carefully pouring in a reagent liquid into a chamber. The lab door opened and a friend popped into chat. When done chatting, Sam went back to work. He forgot if he used any reagent and so he poured in much more.
Cierra loves her nieces and nephews. She takes them somewhere special every summer. This summer Cierra got the kids tickets to a special museum event. The event included an exclusive look at a new dinosaur exhibit. In the end they all had a great time creating a new memory together.
Kevin found himself stuck in maze of back alleys. He tried taking multiple lefts. He attempted to leave a trail as he went. Finally he was able to find his way out of the maze. Unfortunately, he had to head back in for his wallet.
Joe was reading a book. He fell asleep on his couch with the book in his lap. He woke up 18 hours later. Joe missed his work shift due to oversleeping. He was fired from his job due to missed attendance.
Ford bought himself some chicken wings from a store. His wife wanted him to use them to make hot wings. Ford preferred to not have spicy wings. They flipped a coin. Ford made the wings mild, the way he wanted.
My phone stopped working. I needed to buy a new phone. I went to the nearest phone store. There was a brand new phone I loved. I talked with the salesperson and bought the phone.
I tried to win a prize from one of those claw machines. The claw was right on the prize I wanted. Unfortunately the claw didn't close tight enough. It dropped the prize every time. Finally on the last try I was able to get my prize.
A high school put on a beauty contest. Megan thought she had a shot. She prepared a routine. She entered the competition. She won it all!
Bob went to the gas station to fill his car. He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car. His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up. His car wouldn't move no matter what. Bob had to call a mechanic to get his fuel pump cleaned out.
Bill saw an advertisement for a new Amusement Park on television. Bill decided he would visit the park on his next day off. Upon visiting the park, Bill was shocked by what he saw. Bill realized that the amusement park was a giant water park. Bill was upset that another water park was opened in the area.
Tabitha was on a long road trip. One night she stopped at a hotel. She didn't need much but she wanted some pajamas. Unfortunately, her bag was buried under all of the other luggage. She decided to just skip the pajamas.
Percy was in his field ready to plow the grass. He ran his tractor for a bit then decided to take a break. Percy forgot to put the tractor into park. The tractor rolled over Percy's leg. He suffered a fracture in one of his legs.
Marc owns a crossfit gym. His gym helps him hold himself accountable. He loves helping people meet their fitness goals. He works very hard. Marc loves being a crossfit gym owner.
Amy and her friends were out at 3 AM. It was way past their curfew. As they were running home they saw a police car. The girls ran into a yard and hid in the bushes. They stayed there breathing hard, and praying they hadn't been seen.
There was a tree we thought was dead. We tried getting estimates but it was expensive. But a big storm then rolled through. The high winds brought down the tree. Fortunately it didn't damage anything.
Steven was in love with a girl named Susanna. Susanna moved to Alabama. Steven saved up money so he could go visit her. He finally saved up enough money and went and visited her. They were very happy to see each other.
Dorothy always wanted a big brother. She admired her best friend older brother. She would follow him around the neighborhood. He taught her and his sister how to fish. Because of her friends brother, Dorothy grew up to be a good fisherman.
Alexis was from Chile. Alexis played a lot of soccer in the street. Alexis became very good at soccer. Alexis had a tryout with a professional team. Alexis made the team!
Billy's family was moving and he had to change schools. He did not have any friends at this new school so he felt nervous. The day finally came for his first day, and he was still nervous. At school, he met lots of new friends. Bill was relieved that he didn't have to be nervous anymore.
Ray got up to let the dog out but he was half asleep. While Rocky did his business Ray rubbed his eyes and yawned. Ray hated being awakened in the middle of the night. When Rocky didn't come back right away Ray called him. If Ray had been awake he would have noticed the bear on his porch.
A friend sent me a princess doll for my birthday, even though I 30. She was beautiful right out of the box, with long red curls. I placed her on the mantle of my fireplace to admire. When people come over, they often compliment her shiny porcelain skin. She sits on the mantle every day, never being moved from position.
Morgan was going to visit her grandparents. She was going to fly alone. She was very nervous. The flight attendant was very nice. She made Morgan feel safe and comfortable.
Malia put on her best dress, a red and blue modest shift. Sensible heels, a blue pair, of course, were put on next. She pondered going bare handed before deciding to slip gloves on. Finally, she left her home and drove to the small church. The Ladies Club meeting was just starting as Malia walked in.
Frank got grounded for the day for being late. He decided to use that day to read his first book. He picked it up and didn't put it down for six hours. Now Frank loves to read and wants to be a writer. He looks at the day in the house as a blessing.
I saw the world going in a direction that alarmed me. I wanted to learn to write stories to influence people to change that. I wrote half of a science fiction book. People complained that it was written poorly. I read a book on writing stories, and learned to write much better.
Jared couldn't wait for summer vacation. He was going to attend his first summer camp! He day dreamed about all of the activities. When he was actually there, Jared was surprised! It was as thrilling as he pumped it up to be.
It has been raining for 3 days and the ground is soaked. The forecast calls for rain again tonight and issued a flood warning. All my grass seed has washed away and the grass is very tall. Some of the local rivers are near flood stage and it's getting scary. We're going to have to put out more sandbags to protect our house.
Nik went out with some friends. He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out. When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive. Nik drove straight into the capitol building. He was arrested for drunk driving.
Madison loved being on vacation. She was happiest when she was lounging on the beach. She had three more days to stay there. She was going to enjoy every second of it! Madison decided to take another stroll down to the water.
Sandy was really disappointed no one remembered her birthday. No one even sent her a text or posted on her Facebook page. In the afternoon, a friend called her with an emergency. Sandy didn't hesitate to rush right over to help. She arrived to find all of her friends there for her surprise party.
Tom hurt his knee. Tom was in pain while walking. Tom went to the doctor. Tom received pain medication. Taking the medicine alleviated Tom's knee pain.
The cats like to sneak into my closet. There's a nice corner with a blanket and catnip. Every night I have to go in there and clear the cats out. One of the cats always tries to hide when I go to get him. So I wake up many mornings to the sound of meowing from the closet.
Katy dropped her phone into the toilet. The phone stopped working because it was soaked. She put it in a bowl of rice to dry it out. Her phone still did not work. Katy had to go buy a new phone to replace her soaked phone.
As kids, they went on vacation and stopped at Howe's Cavern. They went down into the cavern with the tour guide. They asked for two child volunteers to come forward. Isaac was volunteered and another girl came forward as well. They demonstrated how some people get married down in the cavern.
I fed my dog some tuna cakes. He really enjoyed them! Alas, they gave him very bad gas. He stunk up my house for three days in a row! I learned to never again feed my dog tuna cakes.
Lou was walking home from school. A person he didn't know tried to have a conversation with him. Lou remembered what his mom said about strangers when he was alone. Lou refused to talk to the stranger. He then went home quickly and safely.
Carly loved to collect antique bottles. She went to a garage sale and saw a very unique and old wine bottle. As she was about to make an offer another woman inquired about it too. Carly began a bidding war over a bottle that was originally 50 cents. In the end she won with the highest bid of 172 cents.
The President of the United States couldn't decide what tie to wear. He usually chose between a red or a blue tie. Today he decided to change it up with a piano tie. His wife told him to wear a blue tie but he refused. Many people laughed at his tie choice when he wore it in public.
Heather has a job at a local beauty salon. Today, she has a long list of appointments set up. The first person she welcomed was an nice looking young man. Unfortunately, he had the worst bad breath she had ever smelled. Because of his bad breath, she refused to cut his hair.
I walked into the store looking for swatches. I didn't know what to paint my daughter's room. The person suggested I try something besides pink. He helped me look at colors. We chose purple, in a lilac shade.
Sarah joined a new singles club in her town. Sarah met Thomas there and they agreed to have dinner next Friday. Sarah bought a new dress and shoes. Sarah and Thomas had a great time together that night. They became engaged six months later.
Tania was walking to school one day. Suddenly the sound in her headphones cut out. She tried for a while to fix the cord. Nothing would work though and she had to give up. It took a week to save up for replacement headphones.
Lucy was excited about the Schwan's delivery. Her grandmother had allowed her to choose a few meals. Lucy ordered nuggets, pizza, and burgers. Lucy was tired of eating her grandmother's country cooking. She waited, anxious to eat some normal food.
Jim loved to read the newspaper. He read two or three every single day. One day, he could not find any newspapers in his home. He rushed to the store to buy newspaper. Once he bought some newspapers, Jim was very happy.
Tom was doing some baking. He realized he ran out of sugar. He went to ask his neighbors for some. They were glad to help out. Tom was able to finish baking.
Kathy could not find her chihuahua anywhere. She looked in every room of the house. Finally she found the little dog asleep in an open linen closet. Kathy could hear it snoring! Kathy laughed and the dog opened one eye to look at her.
Amadeus Mozart was a genius composer and musician. He is considered one of the top classical composers of our time. This did not stop the fact that many close to him did not like him. It was hard to believe that a man with such talent could be so unliked. In the end talent has no face and can be had by both good and bad.
Tim was looking to move out of his parents house. He searched in the newspaper and online. He could not find an apartment anywhere. One day he passed a sign that said an apartment was for rent. He called the number and was able to move in the same day!
Sally excitedly bounced out of bed. Today she was going to the beach! Sally grabbed her beach bag, towel and sun tan lotion. Sally drove an hour to the beach. When she arrived, Sally found out she forgot her bathing suit.
Gina needed new books. She read all the books she brought to grandma's house. And was now bored. When her grandpa went to Walgreens, she asked to go with. The book selection wasn't as good as a bookstore, but it would do.
The pastor met his wife when they were both sixteen. They were married for thirty-five years. The pastor's wife became very sick. She died last year. The pastor remarried six months later.
Max had received a huge bouquet of helium balloons for his birthday. The great room of his house was overlooked by a second-floor balcony. Max had always wanted to fly. After tying the balloons to his wrists, Max jumped! Max's birthday ended in a trip to the hospital.
It's Katie's wedding day. She is getting married to her boyfriend of 5 years. The ceremony is starting. Her husband is nowhere to be seen. Her husband doesn't show up and there is no wedding.
Amber couldn't stand working in warehouses anymore She quit her job at the warehouse She started looking for an easier job in retail She applied for a job at Sally's Beauty She interviewed and was hired for the job!
Martin hated storms. One day Martin was working in the fields when a sudden storm arose. Martin scampered to a nearby tree to take cover. He began to beg God to preserve his life. Just at that moment, the clouds parted and Martin felt relieved!
I went to the dog track kennel one day and hoped to find a new pet. The long rows of double stacked crates held so many hopeful faces. Suddenly, big brown eyes met mine and I knew I had to meet this one. A big red fawn boy came out to greet me and leaned on me. That was the day my first greyhound picked me.
Brian was a soldier. He enjoys talking about his adventures. Brian tells his grandson to avoid joining the service. But because he speaks of his service fondly, his grandson joins anyway Brian is saddened his grandson didn't take his advice.
Jack never liked snakes. When he was little his dad used to have one as a pet. He was actually afraid of the snakes. Someone suggested he see a hypnotherapist to get help. After one session his fear of snakes was much better.
Josh was excited to get his new phone. He had been waiting all week. When he got to the store there was a long line. Josh finally got to the front. When he went to pay, all the phones were sold out.
Jane worked as a nanny. Her friends made fun of her. They told her she would never grow up. Jane loved her job. She continued working and did not care what they thought.
Sasha was at a concert. She had tickets in an upper level. Sasha couldn't see much of the concert. The people in front of her kept blocking her view of the monitor. Sasha got frustrated and left the concert early.
Milly was trying to sneak out of her house. She was just quietly opening the door when a light came on. Her dad was at the end of the hall and he had caught her. Milly tried to argue her way out of trouble but it was no use. She was grounded indefinitely.
Ted was shaving. He heard a loud noise outside. The noise made Ted jump. Ted nicked his face with the blade. Ted had to apply a bandage.
Joel banged on his drums without rhythm. His neighbors complained to him about the noise. Joel bought a bagpipe to teach the neighbors a lesson. Joel played the bagpipe even louder than the drums. The neighbors moved out.
Alex had his heart set on an ivy league college. He entered high school and decided to work as hard as he could. Alex joined some academic clubs and did community service on weekends. He started to achieve really good grades. Alex ended up achieving his dream of getting into the school
There once was a hunter named Ned. He hunted for more reasons than to get fed. This hunter mutilated animals until they were bone. One day, Ned fell asleep in the woods alone. By sunrise, the hunter had become the hunted.
Thomas loved his cat Jingles. His face would light up every time he saw Jingles. One day Jingles got sick. Jingles ended up passing away. Now Thomas is sad.
Christina's mom asked her to pull some weeds. She put on a pair of gloves. Then, she used a spade to uproot the weeds. She put them inside of a bag. After awhile, she had gotten rid of every weed.
Tim was on vacation. He went to a casino. He spent fifty dollars in ten minutes. He had no money left. He decided to leave and go home.
Elissa put her clothes and soap in the washing machine. Ten minutes later, Elissa saw water creeping down the hallway. She checked on the wash and saw water everywhere. She quickly turned off the machine and cleaned up the mess. Now, Elissa needs a new washer.
Kane had no money. Kane wanted money. Kane decided to work hard and get a job. Kane got a job as a waiter. Kane finally had money!
It was Karen's turn to wash dishes for the week. Each night she had an excuse not to do them. The dishes were piling up. Her parents were so upset that they put all of the dishes on her bed. Karen finally did the dishes.
Lucy decided to have a disco party. All of her friends dressed up in disco attire. She was very happy. Unfortunately she slipped and fell. Lucy had to go to the hospital.
Charlie lived in an area prone to wildfires. He worked hard to clear all the brush away from his house. One year the fires were really bad and Charlie had to leave. He slept in his car for a few days far from home. He was really worried until the fire stopped and his house was safe.
Jane wanted to watch a new movie in theaters, but it was rated R. Jane was only 12, and not allowed to see R rated movies. She tried to figure out a plan to see it anyways. She decided to sneak into the theater. When she tried though, she got caught, so she never saw the movie.
Alex was fishing with his dad. He didn't expect to catch anything but he did. His dad told him that he would have to gut the fish himself. He was really grossed out and didn't want to. Finally, he decided to just do it.
David is very competitive. He always tries to beat everyone he competes with. One day, David's brother challenges him to a game of chess. David lost the chess match to his brother. Now, David tries to be less competitive and more understanding.
Sally was painting her nails pink. All of a sudden a spider jumped on her. She stood up quickly and knocked the bottle over on her table. She tried to wipe the polish off. However, it stained the table pink.
My friend Sally wanted to change her hair color. She had never been a blonde before. She went to the store to buy some hair dye and bleach. The cashier tried to talk her out of it. Sally almost didn't go through with it but still bought it anyway.
My uncle was going hunting. He was taking his new dog. The dog had been trained on rabbits and even raccoons. The dog was attacked while on the trip by a larger dog. My uncle came home devastated over the loss.
Anna was a single mom to a teenage boy, Joe, and it was hard. He had no uncles or male role models in his life-so Anna got an idea. She signed Joe up as a Big Brother at the YWCA, helping younger boys. It seemed counterintuitive, but Joe matured a lot in the program. Mentoring forced him to become his own man-and his own role model.
At an Easter egg hunt, there was a contest for the biggest egg. Cody just knew she was going to win! She picked up only the biggest eggs she could find. When the hunt was over, it was revealed who won the biggest egg. A man had cheated and got up a balloon to look like a big egg to win!
Karen was about to give a speech in class. She was extremely nervous. She got up and started speaking. Her nerves caused her to forget her speech. Luckily, she was able to improvise very well.
Carl liked meeting new people. He saw someone he'd never met before. Carl walked up to him to introduce himself. The stranger told him to go away. He was not very friendly!
At the train depot many people waited. The train arrived right on time. Samson was waiting on his parents to leave the train. His parents were the last off and he thought they missed the train. They came because Samson was getting married.
In the middle of the night, the baby started crying. Secretly, Daddy hoped that Mommy would get up to comfort their child. Mommy shoved Daddy out of bed. Reluctantly, Daddy walked to the baby's room. Daddy rocked the baby back to sleep.
Jake went on his first cruise. He didn't realize his stomach was so sensitive. He got sick and stayed sick. It ruined his entire trip. Jake never took another cruise.
Ben and Tim wanted a Playstation 4 very badly. They saved up their money for a whole year to buy it. Finally they could afford it. They couldn't wait to play together at last! But opening the box, they saw that it came with only one controller!
It was time to go to the media center at school. Amy wasn't sure she wanted to play a computer game today. She was leery since the last game turned out to be no fun. A friend suggested she try a Carmen Sandiego game. Amy decided it was her new favorite game.
Stuart enjoys keeping mice in his basement. He feeds and cleans them every day as a routine. Sometimes he gives them cheese to cheer them up. He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes. They find the mice to be cute and cuddly.
Janine woke up sick on the morning of her baby sister's birthday. She was very worried about missing the birthday party. Her mother had Janine drink tea and take Tylenol for her fever. Janine also took a lot of naps. When the party guests began to arrive, Janine was feeling better!
Frank was excited to be on his neighborhood swim team. He practiced hard with the team every morning. A few days before the first meet he got his uniform. It was a tiny little Speedo. He hoped he wouldn't be out of the water long so no one would see it.
Lyndie was 9 months pregnant. Lyndie was ready to have her baby. Lyndie arrived at the hospital to have her baby. With her husband by her side she had a healthy baby boy. She and her husband took her new baby home.
Ken's new neighbors were very attractive. Unfortunately they always wore heels and lived upstairs. One night they were stomping around extra loud. Ken wanted to go up and ask them to be quiet. Unfortunately he was too shy to do so.
Robert was finding it tougher everyday to fall asleep. He worked long nights as gas station clerk. When he would come home there would be loud noises. The morning trash pick up everyday could be heard outside his window. Finally, finding a solution to the problem he purchased earbuds.
A small spark created a fire in the kitchen. Smoke surrounded the entire room. The alarm system detected the smoke. It triggered a response to release the sprinklers. The smoke and fire was eliminated.
Tom was dying of cancer. He had one last wish. He wanted to go to Disneyland. His friends and family granted it for him. Tom had a great time.
Tom was at a party. Everybody was dancing but him. He didn't know how to dance. A cute girl took him by the hand and made him dance. Tom started to dance with her and liked it.
Amanda's mommy had a baby in her belly. Her mom said that she would have a little brother soon. Amanda had fun picking out outfits for her baby brother. Finally the day came where she could meet her baby brother. Amanda was thrilled to finally be a big sister.
Billy was driving down the road. He thought he smelt something funny. He decided to pull over. When he looked at his car it was almost on fire. Billy quickly ran away and called for help.
My friend was in the pool with her top off. She was on a float. Her neighbor was behind the fence. The neighbor asked her to put some clothes on. I think her neighbor should just not look.
Ava was at a slumber party. The kids started playing truth or dare. Ava was nervous and didn't know which she'd pick. But the party was broken up before it was her turn. Ava was secretly relieved!
Joey had a cold. His doctor couldn't see him for weeks. Instead, he went to the walk-in clinic. They made him wait two hours. When he saw the doctor, he got a prescription for medicine.
Lucy needed to fix the light fixtures in her bedroom. Her bedroom was looking rather dim. She therefore went to ask her siblings for help. They came over and fixed the lights. Lucy was grateful.
THe woman took great care of her garden. She meticulously watered it every day with a garden hose. One day, she noticed a leak in it. The water was going everywhere! The woman was frustrated that her plants were going to be dry.
Yesterday I was driving home from my mother's house. My car started to sputter. I pressed on the gas, but it wouldn't go. To my surprise I had run out of gas. Thankfully, I was close enough to walk to the gas station and get more.
Mary decided to write a short story. She prepared by sharpening her pencil. She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous. Mary decided she should think through what she should write about. Mary completely forgot about her story.
Julie was a new employee. She pinned her nametag to her sweater. She was eager to do a good job for the company. At the end of the day, she took the name tag off. She put it in her desk and left the building.
Sara was spending the night with her boyfriend. They had planned on lots of kissing and cuddling. Instead Sara was sick and couldn't stop coughing. Her boyfriend made her some nice hot soup. Luckily the soup made her feel much better to hang out.
John wanted to create his own speaker system in his house. He wanted to experience the movies in high fidelity sound. He bought a receiver but did not know how to set it up. He bought a speaker system but he did not know how to set it up. John requested a service installation and finally he had set it up.
Mary loves to ice skate. An ice skating rink recently opened close to her house. While ice skating one afternoon, she failed doing a double axle. It twisted her ankle. Mary still loves to ice skate and can't wait to heal.
I took my girlfriend out for a night on the town. We went to a nightclub to dance. The next day I realized I spent a hundred dollars. I knew I had to have fun without spending a lot of money. So the next time we went out we just relaxed on the beach.
Today is my son-in-law's 33rd birthday. To honor him, I made a video. He has a PhD in philosophy and specializes in Kant. I recorded an image of Kant while playing Happy Birthday. I sent the video to him and others.
Anna was riding her bike through a field. Then she ducked low to avoid hitting a tree branch. She felt something soft on her face. She saw that she'd ridden through a spider's web! Anna was disgusted and pulled over to clean herself.
Jon and his wife Eve had their first wedding anniversary coming up. Jon was poor and tried to think of a thoughtful gift he could afford. Jon decided to paint a portrait of Eve and present it to her. Jon poured his soul into the painting. When Eve finally saw the painting, she wept tears of emotion and joy.
Bill's father moved in when the old man became senile. Bill got exasperated when his dad forgot simple things. One day, Bill found a stack of bills that hadn't been mailed. He yelled at his dad about messing up such a simple task. Bill's wife overheard and said she had forgotten to mail them.
Amy spent a day by the pool. She was playing by the side of the pool. John pushed her in as a joke. She was very surprised and got mad. She had her cell phone in her pocket.
Alex threw a snowball at Sara. Somehow it made her lip bleed and she began to cry. A small rock had been in the snowball. Alex got in big trouble with his parents. Both kids learned to always watch out for rocks.
Jasmine always loved to pretend. As a child, she would put on plays for her family. As she grew up, she aspired to become an actress. She attended a prestigious acting school. Jasmine is now the highest paid actress in Hollywood.
Susan wasn't enjoying her honeymoon in Las Vegas. She was bored because didn't like to gamble or drink. Her new husband realized something was bothering his bride. He cancelled their plans for the evening, which cheered her up. They had room service and spent a romantic night in the hotel room.
Kelsi got her friends together for a bake sale. The girls planned on making a bunch of delicious cookies. When the girls were done baking, they set up shop outside. They started getting numerous customers. At the end of the day, the girls made a hundred dollars.
Toby was having a late night of staying up to work. He needed some fast money and was hoping to make it online. When he started he was already feeling tired. Before long it was nearly impossible to stay awake. Finally Toby finished his work and went to bed.
Alex's family had moved to a new neighborhood. He struggled under the weight of the box he was carrying. His new neighbors gathered at the fence and started laughing. Alex began to cry, which made them laugh even harder. He knew he was just going to hate it here.
Tom thinks he's the toughest guy in school. He likes to fight random people. There was a new kid in the school. Tom challenged him and punched him. The new kid beat him.
Fred often forgot to wear his seatbelt while driving. His friends and family told him he needed to start wearing it. One day Fred got in an accident and wasn't wearing his seatbelt. He was badly injured. Now Fred always wears his seatbelt.
I was walking home one night after a movie. I heard a sound coming from a dark alley. I slowly crept forward to figure out what the sound was. I saw green eyes staring right at me. It turns out it was just a hungry cat.
My friend decided to take me on a trip to California to Disneyland. The drive was painless, barely any traffic and we had a blast singing. Once there, he parked the car and proceeded to get tickets. I'm so excited and giddy that I can't contain my excitement. As we pass through the gates and see all the festivities.
Today I got a brand new designer pillow. The pillow was very expensive because of the materials used. The pillow felt really cool to the touch and did not get hot. I am going to use the pillow tonight. I hope the pillow helps me sleep better.
Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation. They saw a small ice cream parlor, but Jane hesitated to go in. She stood still and thought of her thinning gums and stained teeth. Jane realized vacations were rare, so she ordered a bowl of mint chip. The next morning, Jane's front gums were swollen and sore.
Rob was at school. But he had nothing to eat. So I got candy from a vending machine. But he felt terrible during class. Rob decided to bring his own food the next day.
Will is in prison. People have begun to pick on him. The guards don't care. Will started to workout heavily every hour. People stopped picking on him.
Timmy was in for a surprise today. His father brought him to the backyard. He showed Timmy a new tire swing. Timmy loved it and played in it. He played with the swing the whole day.
Megan was trying to paint something. She was gathering supplies in the art cabinet. Soon she realized that there were no good brushes. All of the brushes had old paint crusted on them. Megan decided to go out and buy new ones right away.
Randy was afraid of bees and nervous to play outside. When he was playing with his friend Simon, some bees came after them. Randy was scared but Simon was downright panicked! Randy learned that Simon was allergic to bee-stings. Luckily neither of them got stung that day.
Jill gets a call from her brother asking her if she's ready. She has no idea what he is talking about. She realizes that she forgot their parents' 30th Anniversary party. She rushes to get ready. Her brother lets her add her name to the gift that he got them.
Lucy was sure it was going to rain. She made sure that she had her umbrella when she left the house. When the wind picked up it turned her umbrella inside out. Before she could fix her umbrella it started to downpour. Lucy was soaked to the bone and holding a broken umbrella.
Sally wanted to have a tea party. She could not find any of her friends to have a tea party. She forced her little brother Mike to drink tea with her. Mike loved the tea. Now Sally and Mike have a tea party every afternoon.
The radio in my car is broken. Half the stations won't come in right. I went to have it looked at. They have to replace the whole thing. So I'm just going to listen to my headphones instead.
I was tired of living with my family. They always looked down on me. I decided to save up money for my own place. After saving two thousand dollars, I got my own apartment. I was finally king of my own castle.
Tara loved to bake. She made a batch of brownies for her kids. They were filled with caramel. The kids licked the bowl clean. They loved when their mom baked for them!
A man went to a cafe to order a salad. He took his salad from the front desk and sat down. He took two bites and felt something funny. The man removed a bolt from his mouth. He threw the salad at the cook and yelled.
Mark fell in a mud puddle and needed to clean his clothes. He went to a laundromat but he was too dirty to let in. The owner told him to go around the back if he wanted to be clean. Mark around the laundromat and the owner greeted him with a hose. The dirt and mud washed away as Mark was hosed down.
Ray got hurt! He scraped his knee! He cried very hard. His mother gave him a band-aid. He felt much better!
A friend of mine met a man on the web from Africa. He was friendly, charming, handsome and she fell head over heels. He promised to love her, marry her and care for her kids. She sent him a lot of money on the promise he would marry her soon. When she ran out of money he changed his number.
Fred has always been considered the worst cook in the family. This year for his mom's birthday, he tells everyone he'll make brunch. Fred works very hard to make eggs, fruit salad, and piles of bacon. His family is amazed at how delicious the brunch looks. Fred is no longer considered the family's worst cook.
Tom was a cook for an important restaurant and was proud to work there. One day while attending a family gathering he noticed something weird. His cousins was coughing and sneezing all over the place. He said it was fine but Tom ran home anyways, scared for his job. The next day Tom was fired for getting everyone sick.
Mary found a pendant on the street. It was extremely elegant with pearls and emeralds. As the neighborhood was poor it didn't belong to anyone there. So she went to the police station and reported the pendant as found. The police thanked her for her honesty by giving her a reward.
Jim was helping Phil carry a box to his truck. Jim's field of vision was blocked by the box. He was unable to see exactly what was at his feet. Jim almost made it to Phil's truck. Unfortunately he slammed his shin into a trailer hitch and fell.
Fran had studied for weeks for a big test. The day she took the test she was shocked to find it was really hard. Then she got her test back to find she had a bad grade. Fran discussed her grade with her classmates. She was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong material.
We had a little black and white rooster named Bobby. Bobby hated my sons remote control truck. Bobby would hide in the bushes waiting for the truck to come by. When the truck got close Bobby would jump onto the truck ambushing it. He rode on top beating the truck with his wings till he fell off.
There were grills outside of my dorm. They were open to the air. I got charcoal. But I could never get my burgers hot enough. I had to cook them inside.
Every weekend Mike and his family went for a drive by the river. They alway ate at a local seafood stand that served fresh fish. Then they rode the ferry across the river. Because of heavy rains the ferry was closed. Mike and his family decided to not go for a drive this weekend.
Cindy woke up late. Cindy forgot her homework. Cindy dropped food on her skirt. She thought it was the worst day ever. She got home and her parents took her for ice cream and it wasn't bad.
Jen loved her engagement ring. She wore it every day. One day, she looked down to see that the stone was gone! She looked everywhere to try and find it. Sadly, she realized it was probably gone forever.
Samantha was at a club. She was pretty drunk and hooked up with a guy. SHe brought him back to her house. The man was gone in the morning. She did not regret it.
Luke wants to make eggs. Luke reaches for the oil. Luke pours the oil into the pan. The oil shoots back up at Luke. Luke burns his hand while cooking.
I was smoking on my patio. A wasp stung me on my shoulder. She had a nest in a hole in the bench behind me. I sprayed a bunch of Raid in her hole, angry. But afterward I felt pretty guilty.
Cathy recently graduated from beauty school. One day on her walk, Cathy saw a help wanted sign at a hair salon. Cathy decided to fill out an application for the job. A week later, Cathy was called for an interview at the salon. Cathy did so well at the interview, that they hired her on the spot.
It was april fools day. Johnny wanted to play a prank on his brother. He changed the wallpaper on his phone to a cracked screen. His brother freaked when he thought his phone was broken. Johnny laughed and showed him that it was just a prank app.
Amy had a crush on Sam. Amy wanted to ask Sam on a date, but she was scared to ask in person. She didn't have the courage to ask, so she sent a text. Amy worried about her text for hours and wished she never sent it. Turns out Amy accidentally texted her mom about the date instead.
Celeste signed up for a tour of Machu Picchu. The tour started with a bicycle trip down a mountain. The trip started at the peak where is was rather cold and windy. As she traversed down the mountain, the temperature rose. The bicycle trip ended up in a hot and humid tropical zone.
Lisa and her friends went to the beach. But Lisa forgot sunscreen. And she felt too guilty to ask her friends for some. When Lisa got home, her face was red and swollen. And she regret not simply asking her friends for sunscreen.
New neighbors moved in across the street. They seem friendly. They went over to say hello to everyone else in the neighborhood. So far they are well liked. The move has gone smoothly.
Chad was scheduled to do a makeup consultation for a bride today. However, Chad was missing his brand new mirror. Chad asked his wife about the mirror, but she did not know. However, Chad remembered he left the mirror in the car. Chad was relieved that he found the mirror before his client came.
Jim once went on a trip to Spain. When he was there he got his wallet robbed. As he was working on the police report a beautiful woman walked in. She proceeded to turn in the wallet and he asked her out. They ended up getting married and now have kids.
Melissa was pregnant and needed a glucose test. First, she had to drink a sugary drink. Then, she had to wait an hour. Finally, they drew some blood to test it. In the end, she passed the test.
Dani likes to spend a lot of money. She spent so much that she was $100,000 in debt. It came to a point where she was forced to file for bankruptcy. The day after she filed for bankruptcy she went to buy a new car. Despite the bankruptcy she was able to get a loan to buy a new car.
Smith decided to go on a hiking trip in Virginia. He ended up being way too much gear in his hiking pack. Halfway up the mountain he dislocated his knee. A medevac had to be called in as he could not walk any further. Smith ended up making it out okay but refuses to ever hike again.
A man walked into a wine store and asked for the best wine they had. The clerk showed him many bottles and gave his opinion. The man was torn between the three different bottles. The clerk popped all three and poured them into a single bottle. The man was impressed and thanked the clerk for his idea.
Greg needed a new car because his old one had too many miles. He wanted to try a new brand so he looked online at different kinds. He wrote down notes on different reviews and prices. When he got to the dealership he was able to make a smart choice. Now Greg has a new car and feels proud driving it.
Grace was 12 and a ukulele player and songwriter. People who heard her play and sing thought she was great. So she decided to enter America's Got Talent. Boldly, she decided to play one of her own songs. It was terrific and Grace eventually went on to win!
I clipped and painted my toenails. They had been neglected for a few months. I don't normally pay too much attention to them in the colder months. I painted them a bright red. They are gorgeous, and no one will even see them.
Quinn wanted to break his bad habit of killing guests. He invited a friend over with the plan of letting them leave alive. Quinn tried very hard to keep his promise to himself. His guest annoyed him too much, just like all the rest. As Quinn buried the body, he told himself he'd do better next time.
Sarah cooked dinner for her friends. She made spaghetti and meat sauce. She thought she included all the ingredients. Sarah forgot to season the sauce and it was disgusting. Her friends ate it any way so they would not hurt Sarah's feelings.
Eli was fighting against the local school board. He wanted his kids to be taught creationism in school. The school board relented after much debate. The next day, his kids returned from school with good news. They had a class teaching the Hindu creation story.
She wanted to be the very best at sewing. She loved to create clothes with her family. So She entered a contest to show off her skills. She did a magnification outfit for the contest. The judges agreed, giving her first place!
Lucy had fallen asleep in the sun. Her arms were bright red and tender. She waddled into the house to show her grandma. Lucy called her grandma who was cooking at the stove to turn around. Her grandmother chuckled, and took her to the bathroom.
Anna went to the grocery store. She saw a sample stand and wanted to try something. They had mozzarella sticks and Anna took one. It was so good she took another. The woman yelled at her and said the rules were one only.
Nathan loved his girlfriend very much. He decided to propose to her. He dropped down on one knee and popped the question. She screamed YES! Nathan couldn't wait to enjoy their engagement.
The humane society held an anniversary celebration in August. The staff, volunteers and members were pleased with the outcome. People who attended donated a lot of money. Another satisfactory result was an old dog getting adopted. That dog had been at the shelter for months, so everyone was happy.
Lisa and her friends decided it would be fun to pick oranges. They arrived at the grove early. The girls brought along with them buckets for the fruit. They picked for about an hour. When they were done they picked about a hundred oranges.
Rachel forgot to eat breakfast one morning. She meant to catch a bit eventually but had a lot to do. All day she was busy running errands until it was dark. Suddenly she realized she still hadn't eaten. She gobbled down a whole pizza finally.
I saw the neighbor children were selling lemonade. They were selling a cup for two dollars. Even though the kids were bratty, I bought a cup. My lemonade was sour and hot. I wasted two dollars on bad lemonade.
Carlos was taught by his father how to play basketball. Carlos love for basketball started then. Carlo wanted to be in the NBA so he played in high school. Carlos got a scholarship to USC after playing good in high school. After playing good in USC, Carlos got drafted by the LA Lakers.
It was career day at Ron's school. Ron heard an astronaut speak to his class. The astronaut explained what it was like to be in a spaceship. Ron decided against being a firefighter. He wanted to be an astronaut.
Ken was driving home. He reached for his drink. It wasn't there. He then pulled over. Ken had forgotten it on the roof of the car.
I smoked for about ten years, and I was happy with it. There was no need to quit, I'm already old. Other people mistakenly thought that they could help me quit. These folks believed they were helping me. I still smoke, and many people are sad, but maybe I'll quite someday.
Ethan's grandma woke him up for church. He didn't want to go. He went anyway. He actually really liked it. He wanted to go back next week!
Bill broke his phone. He didn't have money to get it fixed. He put flyers in all the mailboxes on his street. He would mow any size lawn for $25. He made enough to get his phone fixed in just one weekend.
Ingrid recently paid off all her credit cards. She was now debt free. One day at lunch, she went to a small local diner to eat. She ordered her meal and then left a huge tip for the waitress. Ingrid was so happy that she could now give to others.
Sam got some seeds at the store. He tossed them out near his apartment. After a while he noticed a rose bush started growing. It grew bigger than Sam expected. He picked flowers from it often.
My wife went to get a pedicure last Saturday. She was gone for two hours. She returned without getting a pedicure. She said the wait was too long, and went shopping instead. She bought me frappachino, and I was happy.
Quentin had always wanted to swim at a nearby lake. His friends organize a trip to the lake one day. Quentin packs his swimming trunks and joins them on the trip. When they get to the lake, he is the first to dive in! Quentin feels proud that he has finally swam at the lake.
I was driving home from work on a cold winter night. About 20 miles from home I hit a patch of snow on the highway. My car slid out of control. My car finally stopped two inches from the edge of a cliff. I drove home the rest of the way while shaking badly.
Jacob woke up this morning terribly hungry. It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch. He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends. They went around the corner and had a delightful lunch. Jacob left with a full belly and a full heart.
Christina was a poor college student. She researched on campus jobs. She learned the highest paying job was for a model. It was for a nude art class model. She took the job and enjoyed the paychecks immensely.
I was camping in the woods for almost a week. I never had a proper shower. My family knows that I stink, but didn't say anything when I got home. When I got home I took a shower right away. My family was very grateful that I took a shower.
Tom's grandfather passed away recently. He gave Tom his car in his will. It was old and beat up. Tom decided to fix it up. After a while it looked and ran great.
Tom's cell phone was very dated. He had it for a long time. He finally decided to buy a new one. He looked at many options. He decided to get the new iPhone.
My science report is due tomorrow. I worked all night, just to finish the report. The worst thing happened when my laptop turned off. I never had the chance to save the document. My teacher allowed me to turn it in next week for a lower grade.
Barbara had been looking forward to her vacation all year long. When she and her boyfriend arrived at the hotel, there was bad news. Due to a computer mix up, there was no record of her reservation. They had to stay at a dingy motel nearby. They still had a good time, however, just being together.
Lisa had just changed the grease in the kitchen where she worked. Lisa had spilled some of the grease on the floor. A coworker slipped and fell in the grease. Lisa's boss found out that the co-workers slipped in the grease. Lisa's boss fussed at her.
I made a sandwich today for lunch. I put turkey and cheese on it. Unfortunately, I ran all out of mayo. Even though I didn't have mayo, the sandwich was still tasty. Tonight I'll have to go buy some mayo.
Matt had just made a sandwich. Suddenly, the phone rang. He laid the sandwich down. When he came back it was gone. His dog ate his sandwich.
Nancy was scared to get her ears pierced for the first time. Her mother took her to Claire's and sat her down on the chair. Nancy trembled with fear as she watched the woman get the needle. The needle gun pushed into her ear and put in pretty earrings. To her dismay, Nancy was not in pain and she loved the earrings.
Nelson knew he needed to lose weight but he didn't know how? He watched a lot of late night infomercials about weight is loss. Nelson read about diet and exercise and made a few eating changes. Nelson stopped eating milk, rice, pasta and white breads. Nelson is proud to have lost 38 pounds and is still losing.
Fred just started middle school. And after each class, he received more and more books to carry. He took his backpack off to fill it with books and materials. And he struggled to pick it up. When he put it on, he fell on his back.
Kirk had begged his mother for a puppy for years. His mother finally agreed and took him to an animal shelter. They did not have any puppies. However, Kirk saw an older dog that looked very lonely. Kirk fell in love with the dog and decided to adopt him.
Allie wanted a new hair color. She was curious about what it would look like. So she ordered a box of dye. When she got it she tried it. It looked amazing.
Dan procrastinated going to the dentist because he was afraid. One day his mouth started to hurt. He reluctantly made an appointment to see the dentist. He was told that he had several cavities that needed to be filled. After that, Dan started going the dentist on a regular basis.
Kate wanted a new dress for the dance. She new her parents did not have the extra money. She decided to find a job. She saved until she could buy one. She was so excited when she bought her dress.
Lyndie had experienced a death of a newborn in her life. She was crushed by the experience. The doctor told her she was unable to have more children. She decided to adopt a child. Lyndie was so happy with the little girl she always wanted.
Tina decided to be in a cooking competition. She wanted to show off her cooking skills. When she went to the competition, she made a pie. The competition was tough. Yet Tina came out with a medal.
Andre was the owner of a tackle shop. He lived right near the biggest lake in the region. In the summer, a tackle shop opened up closer than his. Despite this, the locals all still went to Andre. The rival shop shut for business 5 months later.
Ed got a call from a strange man. He wanted to meet Ed in person. Curious, Ed agreed. When he met the man he gaped in shock. They two men were twins, separated at birth!
Katie was going to be late on her first day! She couldn't wait for a cab to get here. She flew off on her bike instead. She pulled up one minute late. Her boss commended her valiant effort!
Thomas was not very good at hockey. Despite this, he loved the game enough to practice everyday. His coach promised him a starting role if he could score a goal. Thomas practiced for hours until he could make shots. Now he is starting on his team.
I was in the mood for some honey. However, I didn't feel like paying for it. I decided to go to the beehive in the park. I stuck my hand in to get that sweet honey. After the bees stung my arm, I decided I was better off buying honey.
Denise wanted to change the color of her eyes. Denise decided to get green colored contacts. After putting in the contacts, Denise got plenty compliments. In addition, Denise felt the color accentuated her skin tone as well. Denise was glad she made the decision to change her eye color.
Ed and Emma were camping. At night they grew cold. Ed built a fire with twigs and sticks. They lit it and sat around it contentedly. Emma thought the fire was very romantic.
Kevin was riding in his boat. His boat hit a piling under the water. It scraped along the bottom of the boat. The piling caused damage to Kevin's boat. He brought the boat to a repair shop.
Cameron's tooth was loose. He was wiggling it all day but it wouldn't come out. He started complaining to his dad. His dad decided to yank the tooth out. Cameron was scared, but luckily it came out with no pain.
Travis didn't enjoy living in the city. And he dreamed of living a simpler life without technology. Finally, he moved into a remote cabin in the woods. But he became tired of doing so much physical work. So Travis went back to living his city life.
SueAnn was 8 months pregnant. She used to have a lot of energy. SueAnn was surprised when she was exhausted all of the time. She was napping throughout the day to function. Her doctor said it was normal because the baby was growing rapidly.
Jill only had 30 to spend for an outfit for the school dance. She thought she would try the bargain basement of the local store. She hadn't shopped there before but she heard the prices were good. After searching the racks for about twenty minutes she struck gold. She found an adorable dress for only 20 dollars.
Tanner was out with friends. He needed to be home at ten. While hanging out, he lost track of time. When he got home it was midnight. His mom grounded him for being late.
Bob Billburg wanted to buy a restaurant. Though he lacked the prowess to make a meal. One day he found one for sale, and purchased it. He tried his hardest to cook for the people. Unfortunately, he couldn't figure it out, and went out of business.
Lucy and her grandma were baking a cake. Grandma mixed up red, white, and blue frosting. Lucy and grandma frosted the cake to look like a flag. Lucy sprinkled star candy over the top of the cake. Lucy thought it was the most beautiful cake ever.
I was graduating middle school and wanted to seem intelligent. So I memorized some lines from Einstein's paper on Relativity. Everyone was dazzled by my brilliance when I spoke like Einstein. One day someone apparently smarter than me asked me what it meant. I had to admit, to my shame, that I had no idea.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is visiting us on April 2. They are staying in our apartment. Today my wife took the day off to clean. She tidied up the guest bedroom. We are excited to see our granddaughter.
I didn't feel like taking my dog for a walk. I opened the door so he could run in the backyard. He likes to dig, so after a few minutes I called him back inside. His mouth and paw were covered in mud. I had to give him a bath.
Rob has a biology test on Friday. He has been studying for weeks. He decided to just look over his notes one more time. When Rob got to class, the teacher said open book test. Rob was both relieved and irritated.
Lucy was staying at her grandparents for the summer. There were no other kids on their block. She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up. Out jumped the neighbors granddaughter. Lucy was happy to have someone to play with again.
I needed to buy some new clothes. I decided to take a trip to dillard's. After I go tthere, I picked out some new pants. After checking out, I went home. Once home, I put them on and was very happy.
Tim's girlfriend had been acting mean. He tried to ask her what was wrong. She became confrontational. She realized she was being irrational. Eventually Tim's girlfriend apologized.
Sam's boss told her to write the week's specials on the chalkboard. She picked up a blue piece of chalk and began to write. When she was done her hands were covered in chalk. Sam went to the bathroom to wash it all off. She cleaned her hands but her shirt was still dusty.
I was falling asleep in class. I started to daydream. Unfortunately, I talk in my sleep. I woke up to the whole class laughing at me. I had been talking in my sleep about chocolate and rainbows.
London really wanted to become a full time babysitter. She made some flyers and put them around the neighborhood. After a few days a neighbor approached her about babysitting. London gladly watched the lady's child everyday. She babysat for their family for 3 years.
I am a little lazy when it comes to picking up trash. I usually just toss my garbage at the trash can. Sometimes I make it and sometimes I don't. I eventually put it all in the trash when I get near the trash can. However, it takes me awhile to get to it because I am lazy.
My cousin came home from work. My family was hiding and came out when my cousin turned on the lights. We surprised him and gave him several gifts. After opening up everything, he was angry. He asked us if that was all he got.
Tim wanted to buy a cabin in the woods. His wife thought it was a bad idea. They talked to friends and family about the idea of the cabin. Then they asked other cabin owners if they were happy. The owners confirmed and Tim bought a cabin.
The farm was looking bare. The family decided to plant some pine trees. Within a few years, the trees were tall and strong. They had lots of privacy now. The trees had been a great addition to the farm!
Andrew loved football. Andrew was invited to his friends house to play fantasy football. Andrew was excited cause this was his first time playing. Andrew drove to his friends house. They played all night and Andrew loved it.
Fern went to the animal shelter. She saw a munchkin puppy with a deformity. She instantly fell in love with his odd looks. Fern lovingly named him Bean Sprout. Now Fern and Bean Sprout live together like best friends.
Becca had just made a cake. She spent all day on it. She was moving it to her car outside. She tripped on the garden hose. And her cake went flying into the grass.
Maya looked at her arms and felt they looked blank. She went to a tattoo parlor to make them look better. For her left arm she got a green tiger. On her left arm she got an image of a lightning bolt. Maya was so pleased she only wore shirts without sleeves.
Emily was driving to work yesterday morning. She took the highway. When she was switching lanes, she hit another car. Nobody was hurt, but the car damage was significant. They both called the police and filed an insurance claim.
The man had a secret. He told one person. That person told a lot of people. The man's secret became widely known. That felt somehow liberating to the man.
Everyone in the neighborhood hated Nicolette. She flirted with all of the husbands on the street. The wives would glare when she would walk by. Nicolette wanted to try and win some friends over. She delivered cookies to all of the wives.
When gay people tried to get the right to marry I supported them. But they said that their marriages wouldn't lead to polyamorous ones. I feel like they are just as bigoted as those who hate gay marriage. I don't know if I'll ever marry my boyfriend. But not having the option and being seen as lesser does hurt.
James moved into a new home. He bought a grill for his new backyard. He couldn't wait to invite his friends over. He would grill for them and show them around. He called them to come over as soon as they could.
In the tenth grade, I was terrible at math. I refused to study, because I didn't think it would do any good. One morning I had a math test, and I did very badly on it. When the teacher handed the papers back, I was nervous. Everyone laughed at me because she x'd two problems, then wrote NO.
I'm getting married this summer. I didn't understand how much money getting married required. I have already gotten another job to help pay for everything. Luckily my parents have agreed to help me pay for it. I'm very lucky to have such generous parents.
Alex had been fired. He decided to seek work. Alex went to a job fair. While there Alex scheduled an interview with a company. Alex did great at the interview and received a job offer.
George went ice skating last Saturday. He had never gone before. He slipped and fell several times. Finally, he got the hang of it. It's amazing how much he improved in one day.
Greg was known as a loan shark in town. He would lend money to anyone at a very high interest rate. One day, Nancy needed $5000. He agreed to give it to her if she repaid $10,000. Nancy was desperate so she did it.
Gina's family was out of town. Her family was throwing a barbecue at the park to celebrate. She saw aunts, uncles, and cousins she hadn't seen for Years. The kids ran around the park playing with their cousins. Gina had so much fun she hated to leave.
Boomer and Abby are my two puppies. They like to get into trouble. They are always trying to escape the backyard. One day I watched Boomer tunnel under the fence. He then ran to the front door and barked to let him in!
Jackie had been working a lot of overtime lately at her job. Over the last couple months, she had not been doing much cleaning. On this weekend, she did not have to work and made an effort to clean. She started decluttering and moved through each room in her house. Jackie donated five big trash bags full of items to the local charity.
Every time I bit down on something I felt a sharp pain. I made an appointment with the dentist. He told me I needed to have my tooth removed. The tooth was pulled and I felt much better. The dentist told me to lay off of the sweets.
Pat was going to get a puppy from the pet store. The puppy she had her eye on was sold earlier in the day. The pet store owner brought out the puppy's brother. He was a runt that no one else had wanted. It was love at first sight for Pat.
The boy was playing with a new toy. It was a yoyo! He practiced throwing it down and having it come back up. The yoyo got away from him and hit him in the face. This was harder than he had thought!
Once Tamara went down into the basement. She had never been there alone. As soon as she touched the floor her hand brushed a cobweb. Tamara shrieked and ran back up the stairs. Tamara never braved going down there again.
George and his friends wanted to take a trip. They decided to go fishing together. They loaded up their gear and drove to Minnesota. They fished all day and camped at night. They had a great time together!
Benny was always moving house. Because of this, he never made many friends in the neighbourhood. He knew that if he made new friends, it would hurt when he left. Benny has closed off so much that he doesn't have any friends now. He felt he wasn't hurting others, but he was really hurting himself.
We stood in line for hours to get into the stadium. The place was completely packed with fans. We ordered some amazing garlic fries. We sat and ate while the game started. Our team won, and we screamed with excitement.
Mike and Ally became friends when they were two. They grew up together side by side their whole lives. One day they decided to start dating each other. They had their ups and downs, but were generally happy. Finally they decided to get married and lived happily ever after.
Penelope was a sweet child when she was young. No one ever expected her to become a headhunter. But she was very good at her job and was tough and efficient. Only when she was alone did she let herself be soft again. And no one but her cat got to see that side of her.
This is my first year growing corn. I'm really excited that it is doing so well. I noticed that a bunch of stalks had little sucker stalks. At first I thought my corn was questionable. It turns out that the sucker stalks help grow strong, sweet corn.
The teacher told us that we're going arts and crafts today. The students formed a line in front of the supplies. When I reached the front of the line, I took some tools. I placed a few pieces of macaroni together with glue. I ended up creating a house made of macaroni.
Tom was at a party with friends. He was drinking beer out of a cup. He set it down for a minute. When he went to drink from it again he spat it out. Tom had accidentally gotten someone else's cup.
Walter had a great job. He ran a factory that made widgets. He liked going into work every day. The factory was like home to him. He loved making it run smoothly.
Amy was getting prank phone calls. After 10 calls there was still no reply on the other end. There was no answer when her father answered either. The whole family was on edge. Amy decided to unplug the phone and go to sleep.
As Gina walked around the playground alone Tami came and joined her. Gina hadn't expected to have company. Tami and Gina walked and talked about their day at school. There was nothing especially interesting to tell. But Gina was happy to have the company.
Charles thought it would be fun to wash the family dog. As long as the dog didn't shake water on him, this would be cute. Charles put their dog in the tub and rinsed him with warm water. The dog didn't shake. Charles lathered the dog and then he shook soap everywhere.
Rachel married a man named Brian. They were married for 20 Years and had three children. One day, Brian began to act strange. He told Rachel that he didnt love her anymore. Rachel was heartbroken but she eventually met another man.
Larry noticed his shoes were coming untied one day. He ignored the problem for a few hours. Finally he was sick of having untied shoelaces. He tied his shoelaces very tight. He was happy that his shoelaces were no longer untied.
Sara's school was having a parade. She decided to sit on the steps and watch it. A bunch of floats came by. Then, some band members walked by. Then, the parade was over.
The girl was redecorating her kitchen. She found the perfect rug. She measured carefully and then ordered it. When it arrived, it looked totally different. The girl was so disappointed!
The man played his guitar. He found something he liked. He wrote it down. He built off of it. He wrote a pretty good song.
John was walking on the way to work. John saw a food cart. John tried out a rice dish. John was surprised of the rich flavor. John would go to the food cart daily for his lunch.
I decided to take karate lessons. I first day was embarrassing. I was tripped by three people. I decided to practice very hard. After a month, I was the best in the class.
Tim was driving to work on his motorcycle. Tim was unprepared for rain. A huge storm bombarded Tim. Tim had to drive slow in the rain. Tim was late to work.
In tenth grade, Anna's class did a unit on feminism. Anna loved the idea. She decided to be a feminist from now on. But after being mocked at school for going braless, she reconsidered. Anna decided to support the cause from afar - not personally!
Natalie was going to her first dance class. She had dreamed about this day for years! Her teacher invited her to put on her ballet shoes. Natalie couldn't wait to learn how to dance! She was going to work hard to do a great job in the recital.
One day Mandy saw a squirrel. She had heard once that squirrel's enjoyed nuts. Mandy got some peanuts from the kitchen. She left them at the base of the squirrel's tree. The next day, they were all gone!
Millie waited to hear the sound of the ice cream truck driving by. It was the first day of summer and she was hungry for ice cream! But at lunch there was no ice cream man. He didn't come after dinner, either. But finally at dusk he arrived and served her a big cone!
April observed the crab on the beach mindfully. It had no shell, which she thought was peculiar. Keeping her distance, she saw it eventually find a larger shell. As it entered it, she realized what was going on. It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out.
Kenny prefered to play PC games with a wireless mouse. Shane warned Kenny that the mouse would run out of batteries. Kenny was unfazed. Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game. Kenny's mouse's batteries died at an inopportune time.
The bulb blew in my lamp last night. I found candles in the dark. I was too lazy to turn on other lights. I bought a new lighter at the store today. Then I purchased new bulbs online.
Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains. The doctor decided to issue a cat scan. It was determined that Lindsay had an infected appendix. The doctor ordered a surgery right away. Lindsay had the surgery and felt much better after a few days.
I want to start taking better care of things. I went online looking for something to help. I found a chore chart. I purchased it for about thirty dollars. It arrived in the mail yesterday.
My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday We weren't sure what we wanted, just went for fun. Best buy had a xbox one available and decided to get one. We had to wait for almost an hour to get an xbox one. However, at the end it was worth it.
I took my kids to the beach today. It was perfect weather all day. We played in the sand. We played in the water. We all had a blast.
Tim bought new tires for his car. He refused to get them installed. He figured he could do it himself. Tim tried to switch them out at home. It took a while but he was able to.
One day several friends and I decided to have a picnic. We went out to the store and bought all the supplies. We then hiked through a trail to look for a lake to sit near. We couldn't find the lake but what we found was much better. We finally sat under huge beautiful tree and all had a wonderful time!
Sherita inherited thousands of dollars from her grandmother. She decided to splurge it on clothes. It's been awhile since she's been able to buy something for herself. She went to the mall and visited all the department stores. When she left, she had a new wardrobe and no more money.
Alyssa and Caitlin were riding their bicycles. They collided while riding towards each other. Caitlin had suffered a big cut on her knee. Fortunately, Alyssa was no hurt. Caitlin cried and decided never to ride a bicycle again.
Keely and her friends decided to go orange picking. The girls always had fun with that. They decided to each grab a bucket. The girls spent about four hours picking. In the end they got about 100 oranges.
I kept losing my pens. I bought a big box of them. One day I started cleaning off my desk. The pens were hiding under a pile of papers. I clean my desk regularly now.
John always carried lots of electronics with him when he traveled. He just checked into his hotel room when he noticed something missing. He had forgotten to bring some charging cords for his electronics. John called the concierge and had them buy some charging cords. John was able to receive the cords that evening.
Brian loved to play baseball. Brian played little league baseball his whole life. Brian was now in high school and wanted to make the team. Brian tried really hard at the tryouts. Brian was happy to find out he made the team.
The bird sat in the tree early that morning. It began to feel rather alone. It started cawing loudly from the branch. No other birds appeared in the tree. The bird simply sang, waking everyone in the neighborhood.
Kelly got upset at Wendy on the trip. She was upset because she couldn't find her hangers. Kelly had looked everywhere. Wendy thought she was nuts. The hangers were nowhere to be found and Kelly kept complaining.
I work at a theater. They were recently remodeling some of their offices. One of them contained a large bookshelf. They told everyone the books were up for grabs. I took several large boxes of books home with me.
Yesterday I started making a pillow. It only took me a few hours. Thankfully when I was done it looked great. I decided to give it to my grandmother. She loved it.
Tom had a busy day. He didn't get the chance to eat lunch. He started feeling bad after lunch. Tom realized his blood sugar was too low. He ate a candy bar to help.
When Chloe was little, she loved helping people. She had a kind heart and a giving spirit. Her preacher noticed this and asked her if she'd like a job. Her job taught her about many different people and how to help them. When she grew up, Chloe because a preacher.
When I was little, I really wanted a puppy. I begged and begged my parents to get one. One day, my dad made a regular trip to the store. When he got back home, he brought in a small black puppy! I thanked him over and over for the gift.
Sarah wanted to spend time outside. She decided to go camping with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend invited his friend along. They ended up sitting by the fire all night. She wished they had spend more time in the woods.
Katie and her husband want to start a family. They try to get pregnant to have a baby. They struggle with their fertility. Katie and her husband decide to see a doctor for help. Within a year they have a healthy baby girl.
Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone. She went outside to walk her dog. The dog jerked the leash really hard. Whitney tripped and her phone went flying. The phone's screen was shattered into a million pieces.
Kenny bets he can swim faster than his friend. They get into the pool. They begin to swim. They race each other. Kenny loses the race and the bet.
Anita was very tall so she usually wore flat shoes. She had a date to the school dance who was taller than her! She went to the store with her mother to buy her first high heels. They were bright red with three inch heels. They looked perfect with her dress.
Dan recently applied for a part time job at the local cinema. Dan decided after a two week wait, he would call the HR department. After speaking to the HR manager, Dan was told his file was lost. The manager apologized, and asked Dan to fill out another application. Dan was furious that the cinema had lost his application.
The man locked the door. His son came home. He had forgot his key. He knocked on the door. His dad admonished him for not having the key.
Julie is a nurse and loves it even though it can be a lot at times. She got to the hospital and right away she had five patients. She ran around all day taking care of many people with many problems. She finally left work in the evening and went home. She laid in her bed exhausted, but felt good about her day.
Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill. First, Jack dribbled with his right hand many times. Then, he did the same with his left hand. Lastly, he dribbled with both hands at the same time. When he was done, Jack was much better at dribbling.
I got a call from my friend Roger this afternoon. He said that his property caught on fire and he needed my help. We used my horse trailer to move all the animals very quickly. The fire department got things under control in a few hours. Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass.
Laura went to a video rental store. But every year, she noticed fewer and fewer people there. Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity. The owner told her that most people use online rental services now. Laura no longer went to the video rental store.
Kyle lived in a small town in Arkansas. His town was on a fault line. One day he felt his house shake. It was the aftershock of an earthquake from another town. Kyle was weirded out but glad it was just the aftershock.
Sam's dog ran away. He was old and going blind. Sam had him for a long time. He looked for him for years. It took Sam much longer to get over it.
Jeff works very hard at work. He is required to work in group projects once in awhile. Jeff gets mad because nobody else pulls their weight at work. Jeff went and complained to his boss about it. Jeff's boss assured him he would take care of the slackers.
Tom was in a bike accident. He injured his ribs. It hurt him when he breathed. Tom had to take pain medicine. It took him over a month to get better.
Sam bought a new pair of shoes. He thought they were really comfortable. Sam's friends all thought they looked stupid. Sam didn't really care. He wore them often.
Tim got a new jacket for Christmas. He wore it to school the first day back. Tim took it off to play during lunch. He didn't find it after he was done. Tim wound up crying about it for days.
Lucius wanted to visit London. He only had one day to see everything that mattered to him. He woke up very early in the morning and walked all day. He stopped in a restaurant at night and then went to a concert. When he went back home he was happy to have seen London.
There was a large car wreck about two miles from the office. I was waiting for a co worker to relieve me. However, he was very late and I had no idea why. He called me a few minutes later. Apparently he was stuck in traffic because of the wreck.
Some things they do are weird, but they call it creative thinking. Linda attends a high school that is on a university's campus. There are two guys who like her on campus. They wanted to compete for her but didn't want to fight. She made them strip to their briefs and model, she chose the fittest.
June had to renew her driver's license at the DMV. She worried about passing the vision test. June listened as the person in front of her read the letters. June confidently repeated them when it was her turn. She flunked because she was asked to read a different line.
I'm a very jealous person. I got jealous over silly things today. I didn't care if he was talking to his ex. I only cared that he called her honey. I was upset because that's what he calls me.
Matt left his window open. His cat got out of the house. Matt looked for his cat. He put posters up to find his cat. Someone called him with his cat.
Clara loved to make mud pies in her backyard. Her mother would become cross with her because she would get so dirty. Clara made the mud pies to have with pretend tea with her dolls. To make Clara stop making mud pies Mother had Clara eat a mud pie. Clara was grossed out and no longer makes mud pies!
Charity was playing with friends in her yard. Suddenly, the kids noticed a weird car on the road. The car was moving really slowly. The kids had a bad feeling and decided to go inside. The car drove by a few more times before disappearing.
Amy had just started her new job. When the first schedule was posted she had very few hours. After a month she still had only a few shifts. She asked her boss if she could work more shifts. She was disappointed to hear there were no more available.
Tim loved his apartment. One day he noticed their was an ant problem. Instead of moving, he purchased pesticides. He used the pesticides. He successfully removed the ants from his apartment.
Doug wasn't convinced of Phil's innocence. Yet he had to defend him during his trial. He did his best to find evidence to help him. But he found nothing concrete enough to absolve him. When the jury found Phil not guilty, Doug wasn't sure it was true.
Mordecai was reading in the Torah to prepare for his bar mitzvah. The rabbi spoke, and Mordecai wandered out onto the stage. As he tried to speak, his throat tightened. Mordecai looked around nervously, seeing all the faces watching. Mordecai finally started speaking in Hebrew, reciting the Torah.
On July 20, 1969, I sprained my ankle badly. I was laid up and could hardly walk. My mother had an herbal ointment. It smelled terrible, but my ankle felt better after applications. In a few days I was walking normally.
Maggie was drinking some green juice. She left the cup out for awhile. When she went to get another sip it tasted odd. She realized that it had separated weirdly. She threw the juice out.
Zoey was going to a party and wanted to dress nicely. She wore her nicest dress. It wasn't until later that her boyfriend mentioned how short it was. She thought about it and realized that it was. She was so embarrassed about it.
Tony wanted to eat some soup. Tony cut his finger while opening the soup can. While waiting for his soup, he heard a pop in the microwave. He found that soup was all over the inside of his microwave. Tony angrily ate what was left of his soup.
Jim and John were best friends. Jim accidentally hit John while playing. John did not believe it was an accident. John and Jim fought. They were sent to the principal's office.
I was pretty dirty after working in the yard. I decided to take a bath. Running the water, I knew it was going to be relaxing. I filled the tub with bubbles. It was perfect!
I wanted to purchase a new game for my ps3. After reviewing articles, I decided on a game I liked. I went to Amazon to see if they had it in stock. To my delight, it was there and cheap! I ordered the game and it should be here soon!
Ann stepped on something sharp on the beach. She was annoyed, thinking it was a bottle cap in the sand. Then she bent down to examine it. Her eyes widened with amazement. It was a diamond ring!
When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies. The puppies were from the same litter. Joy got a boy and named him Pippin. Beth got a girl and named her Sweet Pea. They have spent many hours together over the last eleven Year's!
Heather wanted a puppy. She begged her parents for months. On her birthday, her parents brought her to the animal shelter. She picked out a puppy and they adopted him. Heather loved the dog and they were inseparable.
Bill and Lynn live next door to a very strange lady. This neighbor of theirs chants prayers in her yard every night. Lynn has been trying to convince Bill to leave the lady alone. Bill can't stand it anymore. Lynn is going to be angry, but the police have been called.
Lisa got a brand new tablet. She immediately took it everywhere. One day she took it out and dropped it. Lisa saw the tablet cracked. She had to buy a new one.
Kim was on a flight. It hit some strong winds. The airplane felt a lot of turbulence. Kim was really scared the entire time. She was nervous for days after getting off.
At the fall festival there was a big wide bucket. It was filled with water and apples. Jill had never bobbed for apples before. It didn't seem like it would be that hard. Until she tried it, realizing how slippery wet apples were!
John wanted to show his science class a cool experiment. He mixed several chemicals together. The chemicals had made an explosive reaction. Despite this reaction, no one got hurt. John was suspended from class for stirring up trouble.
The Miller family loves potatoes for dinner. One night mom decided to try something a little different. She cut up the potatoes in half and washed them all. She lined up cheese and butter in the pan and lined up the potatoes. She cooked them in the oven and the family loved them.
Frank wanted to attend cooking schooling. It was his dream to become a master chef. However, the cooking school was very expensive. Frank played the lottery in hopes of winning big. He did not win and can't go to cooking school.
Luke looked up at the desert sky. He wished he could get a plane out of his small town. He drove to the nearest airport. He got a plane for Mauritius. He arrived the next day exhausted and wanting his own bed.
Tilly wanted to be famous. However, she couldn't think of anything that she could do to get there. One day, she discovered photography. She learned she was really good at it. She didn't ever become famous, but she loved her job with a passion.
Nick was finding out that he pays for a lot of stuff he doesn't need. He has two different gym memberships going, he cancelled those. He also is paying for internet when his apartment has free wifi. He wet through all his expenses can got rid of half of them. Nick is now saving over two hundred dollars a month.
I was watching a movie last night in my room. It was a very scary movie. The movie was so scary that I had to stop watching. I had nightmares that night while I was sleeping. I'll never watch a scary movie at night ever again.
The owner of a bowling alley heard a nasty rumor about an employee. He confronted the worker about how he heard he was taking bribes. The worker did not think it was a problem and admitted to it. He showed the owner how this made him $500. The owner fired him on the sport for lacking professionalism.
Jose loves dogs very much. He attended a shelter one day that had tons of dogs that needed homes Jose asked what happens to the dogs the don't get a home. He was told eventually they get put down. Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them.
I went to the store to buy a new mouse pad. I bought one for 50 dollars. When I took it home, it broke instantly. I took it back to the store to get my money back. The manager was so embarrassed that I got double my money back.
Tim's wife was stressed out. She had trouble keeping up with the kids. Tim decided to get extra help. They hired someone trustworthy. Tim's wife was much less stressed.
Noah thought kayaking looked fun. He rented a kayak one day. But when he got out on the lake, he was unhappy. It was much harder than it had seemed. Noah decided he did not like kayaking after all.
Mary's office was a mess of papers and files. She decided to clear off her desk and tidy up. Mary filed papers alphabetically and threw out unnecessary documents. She dusted drawers and organized office supplies. After several hours, Mary finally had a clean work area.
Joan discovered some kittens in her garage. She looked around for the mother cat but couldn't find her. Joan became worried for the kittens. So Joan decided to bring them into the warm house. Joan fell in love with the kittens and kept them.
Amy's daughter won first place in a competition. She was so proud. They had worked really hard. At the end they were awarded a trophy. Everyone went out and celebrated.
Tim was sad that everyone went to the party. His mother said he couldn't go. He had to go to the doctor that day. Tim had an idea. Tim invited his doctor to the party so that he could go.
Cassie was at summer camp. She liked it a lot, but there was one mean girl. The girl and her could not stop arguing. Finally, the counselors made them talk about it. Luckily they were able to come to an agreement.
Jane had a pet cat. One day she accidentally stepped on it. It made a loud screech and ran off. Jane thought she hurt it. The cat was alright after a small bit.
Jake sat at the table reading the paper. He decided he wanted to get a bagel as well. He got up from the table and bumped the table leg. The table shook and his coffee spilled. David was sad that he spilled his coffee.
Linda is retiring soon. Her company is desperate to replace her. They have Linda interview potential candidates. She identifies a candidate. Linda retires and the company moves on without her successfully!
Ron was trying to repair his mouse. He'd cracked the plastic when he'd slammed it down too hard. Ron used superglue to mend the edges. His finger got some glue on it and became stuck on the mouse. Ron poured some acetone on his finger to get it unstuck.
Suzy was a rebel in her own right, never listening to her parents. As soon as they left the house she grabbed up a book of matches. She struck one and watched it burn all the way down to her fingers. Suzy dropped the match in pain. So Suzy never played with fire again.
Tom was always bad at sports. He hated PE class. The coach wanted Tom and others to play basketball. He let them pick their own teams. Tom was chosen dead last.
Martha was very insecure with herself She had a boyfriend named Alain She would constantly accuse him of cheating One day things got so bad and they got in a fight Alain reassured martha of his love for her and they were happy.
Frank knew he needed to lose some weight. He searched everywhere to find working diet. He didn't realize all the time spent searching he wasn't eating. He was also up running around the whole time he searched. He lost thirty pounds and created his own diet.
Kate wanted to rent an SUV. But there were none left. She could use her discount on any other car in stock. But all they had were economy cars left. She decided to go with the economy car even though she didn't want to.
One day, Jim' cat, Bo, did not show up at his regular mealtime. Jim had not seen Bo all day, and he was afraid Bo had gotten lost. The next day, Jim found Bo hiding in a box in the basement. Bo had hidden there during the lightning storm the day before. Now, Jim makes sure he checks the box whenever there is a loud storm.
Kelly had applied to Harvard a couple months ago. She now was waiting for the admissions decision. She prayed every night before bed that she would get in. Yesterday she got the letter in the mail and opened it. She was accepted and Kelly felt elated.
The Bass family owned a house on a river. One year, the river flooded. Their neighbors' houses were flooded. Their house did not flood. They helped their neighbors clean the water from their houses.
Heather had four children. Her bladder was weak and she occasionally had leaks. One day at work, Heather and a co worker were watching videos. The videos were so funny that they laughed uncontrollably. Heather was mortified when she stood and found her pants soaked.
Mary wanted to come out to her parents. Mary is a lesbian. She finally talked to her mother alone. Her mother was fine with it and wasn't surprised at all. She spoke to her dad and the same happened.
Elaine was told that she would have to perform a dissection. The subject would be a frog and it would be necessary for class. Elaine was uneasy with the prospect of cutting into an animal. Eventually the day of the dissection arrived. Elaine found the procedure surprisingly straightforward and clinical.
Kelly loved to paint. Her mom suggested she enter an art contest. But Kelly didn't know if she was good enough. To please her mom, she entered the contest. And to her great surprise, she won first place!
Josh did not want to go on the Ferris wheel with his friends. They did not know that he was terribly afraid of heights. They teased him mercilessly until he agreed to go. At the highest point in the ride, Josh began to feel ill. He threw up all over his friends.
Travis was learning how write music. But he kept trying to write complicated pieces. His teacher suggested writing something more simple. But Travis ignored his suggestion. After years of struggling, Travis realized he should have listened.
Theo was excited to go play at the park. Theo ran straight to the sand box. Other children were in the sand box playing. Theo was unhappy about the children in the sandbox. Theo became angrily threw sand in the children's faces and cried .
I tried to set up the drums in my band class. The teacher began to conduct the class. However, a trombone, that was behind me, fell on my back. I felt lightheaded after the hit. My friend came to me to see if I was okay.
Amy was sure her crush Ray would call her tonight. She waited near the phone just like she had before. By 12 AM it was clear he wasn't going to call. Amy couldn't understand why he wouldn't call her. Amy resolved to simply forget all about Ray.
The class sat on the gym floor and watched the assembly. They had a speaker who was going to talk to them about fire safety. The kids paid close attention. When the assembly was over, they went home. They all asked their parents about their fire safety plan.
The Panthers were favored to beat the Broncos in the Super Bowl. Denver scored first and their defense set the tone for the game. Cam Newton kept the game close into the fourth quarter. A late fumble recovered by Denver led to a touchdown. Carolina could not recover and lost 24-10.
Kim had always wanted to be a model. She looked very beautiful and liked to buy clothes. After many years, she was finally hired. She became very famous. Now, Kim is known throughout the world.
Ethan got up in the morning. He went on his way to work. He worked hard all day. His boss gave him his salary. He went home to his wife and kid.
Jay was building a house. His land was on a low level area. He wanted his house to be high up. Jay paid a company to dig a small pond in the back part of his land. He used the dirt dug out for his house's base pad.
Tom had a best friend in elementary school. He had to move away. Tom was really sad about it. Tom's friend stayed in touch online. Eventually they met up and hung out again.
Troy had an important test in school tomorrow. He opened his textbook and read the chapters. He took notes on the diagrams and the captions. He even made flashcards for the tough questions! He studied hard and got an A the next day!
Ted loved sandwiches. He tried every sandwich shop in the city. He found one place he had never tried before. He loved their sandwiches. He began frequenting his new favorite sandwich shop.
The family woke on a Sunday and wanted omelets for breakfast. Sally got out the eggs, vegetables and cheese. She heated up the pan and cracked the eggs. Once the eggs started cooking, she added the other ingredients. The omelets cooked and everyone enjoyed a nice meal together.
I've always been reluctant to visit the woods. One day, my friend suggested I face my fears and go to the woods. When we got there, I immediately looked for lions and tigers. To my chagrin, it was quiet, peaceful and zen-like. I had never been more at peace or as balanced than at that moment.
Tim used the restroom. He was in a rush. He rushed out the door. He forgot to check his shirt. Someone noticed a stain on it.
My new car is amazing. It has all the bells and whistles. Two days after buying someone scratched it. I was furious. Thankfully the dealership fixed it for free
Keine thought he was the best at picking the winning horse. One day he bet his entire mortgage on a horse who was sure to win. Keine's friend Joe bet against him. At the third leg of the race, Keine's horse had a heart attack. Now Joe lives in Keine's house, with Keine's ex-wife.
Fred brought yugioh cards to school. Everyone else was happy about it. They all wanted to battle him in the game. The teacher got angry. The teacher banned it from the class.
Thomas was walking home from school. Suddenly he saw a huge dog running towards him. He was afraid that the dog meant to attack him. But when the dog arrived, he simply began licking Thomas. Thomas was glad to realize that the stray dog was nice.
I just graduated high school. I needed to find a job. My friend said the local school was looking for a bus driver. I went to the school and filled out an application. I got the job!
Tom was always late. His friends realized this early on. They always told him to be somewhere half an hour before. Tom started figuring out their trick. He wound up being later than half an hour most times.
Icy wanted whipped cream for her ice cream. She only had a carton of heavy cream. She decided to try to whip it. She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily. It did not turn out quite the way she hoped!
Sam was in a bad mood. He had been cranky all morning. He skipped breakfast. He took an early lunch to get some food. It put him in a much better mood.
Quincy went to find eggs on Easter. He found many brightly colored eggs in the grass. Quincy looked for more, but found none. Finally, he saw a dark brown egg in the grass. He picked it up only to realize it was dog poop.
Samantha was thrilled to be a new mother. Her good friend Diane also had a baby, close to the same age. She became worried, because Diane's son smiled earlier than hers. She consulted her doctor, who assured her all babies are different. Samantha was reassured, and became more confident as a parent.
Tom and Jack were best friends on the hockey team. They were very competitive and gambled on their next scrimmage. Tom was poor and Jack came from a rich family. Tom had low quality skates. Tom's skates broke during the scrimmage and Tom lost money.
The student ahead of Samuel on the steps was walking very slowly. Samuel became irritated at his slow pace. He yelled at the student to move faster. Then he realized the student was blind. Samuel felt foolish and ashamed.
Brett was a kid who went to the Halloween carnival with his cousins. Brett was scared of the haunted house. His cousins teased him for being scared so Brett cautiously went in. His cousins screamed and closed their eyes while Brett was brave. Brett's cousins admired him for being so brave afterwards.
Rick was recording his daughter on the swings. Rick tripped on a rock in the playground. His phone fell and shattered on the ground. Rick picked up the pieces afterwards. Rick was able to get a new phone through his insurance.
Amy wanted to start a Babysitters Club like in the books. She asked her friends Beth, and May to join. The girls were all very excited. After a week none of them had a job yet. Amy was sad she wasn't able to get the club off the ground.
I had never tried salmon jerky. My friend offered me some. I agreed to try it. It was delicious! I decided to go to the store and buy a month's supply of jerky!
Benny makes paintings on his spare time. He doesn't make much money off of them. He enjoys painting because it is stress relief. Nobody really likes what he makes. But that won't stop him from enjoying his craft.
Sheena bought a new dress. She knew she looked beautiful in it. She wore it to prom. She looked so good she was named prom queen. She made many new friends after that.
Jim and I were playing video games at my house. I started winning by a considerable amount. Jim got really mad at the game's score. He threw the controller straight through the TV. Jim had to buy me a new TV.
Jim was riding his bike one day. Suddenly he tripped over a rock. He fell off his bike. Jim landed in the mud and fell hard. He ended up scratching his hands and face badly.
My new neighbor came over to introduce himself. I asked him if he was asian without thinking. He gave me a confused look. He told me he was latino. I realized what I said and apologized profusely.
Robin was afraid of flying. She needed to fly for twelve hours to get to Japan. When she arrived at the airport, she was so afraid that she felt ill. The flight attendant comforted her and showed her around the plane. Robin felt a lot less nervous about her flight.
The ball went to the player. He positioned himself for the hint. He turned the bat. The ball hit it. He scored a point on the bunt.
Billy was an inch too short to ride the big roller coaster last year. This was his first trip to the park this summer. He stood up against the measuring stick with his fingers crossed. He was finally tall enough for the ride! He got on it four times that day.
Jack went to shop for groceries when his mom asked him to do so. While at the shopping complex, he saw a beautiful piano. He played it for sometime after seeking the permission. He then returned to home and asked his mom for buying a piano. His mom agreed and he was happy playing it.
Sam bought a new bolt for his door. He had friends he trusted with keys. Sam made copies at the nearby store. He handed them out to his friends. They all swore to take good care of them.
Jonathan yelled into the mountains. He heard his echo yell back. Then he heard a loud roar. Jonathan knew there weren't any animals that road in Alaska. He wondered if it was Big Foot and ran away.
John needed to save money. He decided to start with his power bill. He turned off lights when he wasn't in the room. He unplugged appliances he wasn't using. John saved 20 cents that way!
I was eating an apple when I began to choke. I got really scared and stood up to alert someone. A stranger came over and asked if I was choking. I nodded my head frantically. She turned me around and popped the apple out of my throat.
Beth is one of the best runners on her track team. Prom is scheduled the night before their Championship meet. Beth decides to go to the prom and a party, so she is out very late. She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly. Beth regrets not being more focused and letting her team down.
We were driving to my brother's yesterday. I was chilled out and listening to music. All of the sudden a large suv came and smashed into the car. When the impact was over I screamed immediately. I couldn't believe what happened but at least we were alive.
Tom wanted to take a shower before work. Unfortunately his girlfriend got in there first. Tom tried to go in after. Unfortunately all the hot water was gone. Tom had to wait until after work to shower.
The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor. He was also well aware the cat was sleeping in the corner. The human vacuumed daily, so he knew he had to make a move. He scurried from his hiding place without making a sound. He ate the crumbs and ran back to his hole before the cat woke up.
Greg asked his wife if he wanted to meet with her at the coffee shop. She said no since she was about to come home. However, she was dating another guy at the moment. Greg found out when the shop owner told him what she saw. He became furious and kicked his wife out of the house.
Liam loved fantasy movies. He watched one about a dragon. He loved imagining if dragons were real. When the movie was over, Liam looked for another one. He loved movies that ignited his imagination!
Lewis decided to make popcorn at school before class started. However, he burned the popcorn quite badly. A horrible smell drifted through all of the locker bays. Students complained, and teachers wrinkled their noses. Lewis never told anybody it was he who had burned the popcorn.
Jenna has a sick mother. She visits her everyday. One morning while visiting her mother. She notices her mother is gone. The doctors told Jenna her mother had passed away.
Stella needed some new pants. She looked everywhere for some. Finally she saw some at the mall. Stella took the first she saw. They fit perfectly.
Simon rocks in his chair at school. His teacher often admonishes him to sit safely. The teacher thinks Simon might have ADHD. The parents are called to school for a meeting to discuss the problem. The next week Simon begins taking Concerta.
Alice had a science test the next morning at 11 AM. So she stayed up all night studying. She tried to force herself to stay awake. But when she woke up, it was 2 PM. And Alice regret trying to stay up all night to study.
Glenn is bored with his life. He was recently let go of his job. He didn't know what else to do. He decided to sign up for the army. He joined the army and had a great career.
Gerald was watching a TV and decided that he wanted to visit Japan. Gerald started studying Japanese at his local college. Gerald started saving money in bank account for the trip. After a few months, Gerald had enough money and knowledge for trip. He went to Japan for a week and loved it.
Nick poured himself a bowl of cereal. After, he found out he was out of milk. Nick decided to try putting orange juice in his cereal instead. The cereal tasted very strange. He decided he would never pour orange juice into his cereal again.
Harry stole a credit card. Harry used the credit card for his own payments. Harry had owed a lot of money on the stolen credit card. The authorities were notified of Harry's crimes. Harry was arrested.
Tom and his friends went to the bar. Everyone drank beer. Tom and his friends were going to go home. They made the smart move and didn't drive. They called a cab and went home safely.
Lola had always wanted to go to space camp, but couldn't afford it. So when her daughter shared her space obsession, Lola smiled. She was determined to send her child to space camp! She scrimped for over a year, but finally she could afford it. And Lola's daughter said it was the best time of her life!
Ora loved lions, and when she found they were endangered, she wept. Then she vowed to do something to help them. She went door to door explaining and collecting funds. Finally, after 6 months, she made her donation to the Lion Life Fund. She was able to give them over a thousand dollars to help save lions!
Lance was a hard working man. He did have a few bad habits also. Lance was going to pull a prank on his boss. Lance decided to mess up his office and lost important documents. Lance went too far this time and had to be fired.
Eric was a chef. And he was invited to a friend's house for dinner. He criticized his friend's cooking. And showed him what to do better. But Eric's friend actually appreciated the criticism.
The family was having an outside picnic. Before we had an opportunity to eat, a thunderstorm broke out. Everyone repacked their belongings and left. However, all of us decided to meet up inside my aunts house. They unpacked the food and continued the day.
My Mother always told me I never had a Father. It didn't take me long to realize I wasn't immaculately conceived! I begged my Mother to allow me to meet my Father. She arranged the meeting when I was 5 Year's old. I knew who he was immediately, I did not need an introduction.
Jessica was just waking up one day. Suddenly, she got a phone call. It was her sister with bad news. Jessica's grandma had just passed away. Jessica was sad for the rest of the day.
Tom noticed the cat was acting weird. He then saw something attached to her butt. When he looked at it he thought it looked weird. He then realized it was part plastic. She had eaten some plastic bags and got sick.
Every December 6th we hang our stockings. We wake the next morning to find them. They were filled with candy and treats. We felt so lucky and special. We always looked forward to Saint Nick.
Bobs had broken his tooth about a month ago while eating. He made an appointment to have the tooth removed. While at the dentist, they gave him two shots to numb the area. Once the area was numb, they began to pull the tooth. The sound and pain was almost unbearable for Bob's mouth.
Kimi's friends set her up on a blind date. At first she thought the man was annoying. But as dinner passed, he became funnier and more endearing. Soon Kimi found herself actually liking him. She was glad she'd agreed to the blind date!
Kenny was having trouble in his history class. His teacher offered him an extra points assignment. Kenny did the extra points assignment. While doing the assignment, he became more interested in the subject. Kenny slowly began to do better in history class.
Aura went to pick blueberries. She took her basket and began to walk the rows. She plucked the juiciest berries. Then she went home to enjoy her bounty. Aura snacked on her berries for a week!
Ralph heads to a camping ground with his family. This is his first time camping. While camping he see's all kinds of animals from nature. Ralph really enjoys the camping trip. The time comes and the trip is over and he leaves the campground.
Tom was drunk one night. He fell over onto his door. Tom's heavy and broke the door. The next day he had to replace it. Tom decided to not drink as much anymore.
Dan was practicing Karate. He liked the moves and the idea of being powerful. He tried to kick his opponent. But missed completely and fell onto his back. Dan decided to take up knitting after that.
Ed had recently lost his job. He knew he had to find something else quickly. The only job he could quickly find was to be a restaurant server. He hate it and was exhausted after each shift. He quit and decided being unemployed was better than that.
Jack bought some ice cream from the store. When he arrived back at his apartment, there were kids outside. Jack decided that the kids deserved a treat. He got out cups and served them ice cream. Now every week, kids knock on his door and ask for treats.
Misha's husband was about to go in for a surgery. She was very nervous about the whole thing. Luckily, the nurses explained things well and helped her feel at ease. Misha said goodbye to her husband and began the long wait. Luckily, he came out of the surgery in great condition.
Paula loved how peaceful her neighborhood was at night. One night, she awoke to blue lights flashing outside her windows. She went outside to see what had happened. A policeman told her a man had died when he crashed into her tree. Paula's neighborhood never seemed as peaceful after that.
Nicholas is a soccer goalie. Nicholas plays for his high school soccer team. Nicholas' team was playing their fierce rivals. Nicholas made 8 saves and they won the game. Nicholas was named team MVP.
It was the first snowfall of the year. Schools were closed as were some businesses. Ed got to stay home with his kids. He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons. It was a great way to feel young again.
Jerry was a great comedian. Everyone loved watching his routine. He could make any crowd laugh. He started a new national tour. It sold out quickly because everyone was so excited to see him.
Bella wanted a dog. Her mom agreed, as long as Bella cared for it all by herself. Bella promised, so they went to the shelter and picked a dog for her. Bella walked her dog every day, and cleaned and brushed him. Bella's mom was proud of her daughter's responsibility!
Adam had a very old pair of shoes. He decided that they were too old to wear anymore. He went to the shoe store to get a new pair. None of the new shoes looked right to him. He decided to wait a little while before buying new shoes.
I was eating cereal. Suddenly, something gooey was in my mouth. I spit it out to see what it was. It was a dead cockroach. So, I sued the cereal company and I won lots of money.
Kyle wanted to make an omelette for breakfast. He had four eggs left. He knew he could make a small omelette with two eggs. He could also make a big omelette with four eggs. Kyle made a massive omelette using all four eggs, and it was great!
I used to work at a domestic violence shelter. I made friends with a deaf woman who had a new baby. One day, she asked me to adopt her baby, because I bonded with her. She needed help because of her deafness, and already had kids. I declined, but was so touched and still babysat her baby.
Danny called me. I asked him where he's sitting. As soon as he said the 9th floor in the library, my mouth dropped. Although the walk to the 9th floor was far, I decided to go. By the time I arrived, I was already exhausted.
The water was deep and murky. As she stepped in, the girl thought it looked a bit thick even. She sludged through, thinking about alligators. Fearful, she began to run toward shore. She arrived safely in her husband's arms.
Sue wanted to make fried chicken. She bought a fry daddy. She also bought all the ingredients. She had never made fried chicken before. Lo and behold, it turned out great!
It was a cold winter afternoon. Bob was walking home from work. His hat blew away from his head. Bob had to walk without his hat. His ears were frozen by the time he reached his home.
Jerry was feeling generous today. He saw a homeless man on the street. He stopped to give the man a $10 bill. The homeless man thanked Jerry. Jerry felt great for helping out others.
Stan wears eye glasses. He hates wearing glasses. He took his glasses off and stepped on them. Stan realizes that he can not see anymore. Stan went to buy new glasses.
The other day my friend Rick bought a TV. He asked our friend Jeff to help him move it into his room. As they were carrying it Jeff's foot slipped on a rug. The TV went slipped and the screen shattered completely. Long story short, Rick no longer has a new TV.
I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. Now, we are all equally as good as one another!
Amy couldn't cook. She decided to take a vegan cooking class. Amy took notes, and paid attention. When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect. The teacher showed the class Amy's dish as an example of how to cook.
Sebastian had no hope to pass his math test. He had studied all week but he didn't understand anything. When the teacher gave him his test, he couldn't find the answers. So when the alarm bell rang, he was relieved. He went out with the other students and his test was cancelled.
Javier has always been afraid of riding the subway in New York City. His friends tease him for always walking or riding the bus. Finally Javier decides to face his fear of riding the subway. He rides the F train from Queens to Manhattan. Javier is very proud he has faced his fear of riding the subway.
My boyfriend took over my computer. He has been playing games on it for 5 hours. I have been waiting patiently for my turn. He is acting stubborn and will not let me access it. I guess I'll have to keep waiting.
The man was overweight. His chair was not comfortable. He asked for a different chair. The company ordered a special chair for big people. The man was much more comfortable in that chair.
Margaret was scrolling through her twitter feed. Suddenly she saw that her favorite old band was reuniting. Since they were so old she had thought she'd never see them live. Thrilled she went online to buy tickets immediately. The show was just as good as she had hoped it would be.
Bea looked at the time. The clock told her it was time to go pick up her son from school. She wondered what new story he would have to tell her today. She got in her car and drove the three minutes to his school. He was excited when he saw her and she realized she had missed him.
Jimmy was in a shooting competition. He aimed for the target. He missed by a foot! Jimmy focused and tried again. He hit the bullseye on the next try.
Paul was setting bear traps in his front yard. Paul's neighbor saw this and came over to talk about it. The neighbor asked Paul why he was setting traps. Paul said it was to keep nosey neighbors out. The neighbor accepted that answer and just went home.
My wife was off today and slept late. Our cat came up to me. I went to feed her but she ran back to the bedroom. She wanted me to get my wife to feed her. I was amused by this crazy cat.
Wallace has never fished before. He asked his friend to teach him. Wallace eventually got the hang of it. They spent all Saturday on his friend's boat fishing. They caught all sorts of fish to bring home!
Francis had given up on finding a lover. He decided that at his old age it was impossible to meet anyone. However, one day a woman on the train and asked his name. They exchanged contact information and decided to meet for coffee. Now Francis has no longer given up on finding a lover.
Nathan's family went camping each summer for one week. This summer, his family decided to go to the mountains in Colorado. They picked their campsite and had dinner before going to sleep. They woke up to find a bear had eaten all of their trash and food. The next night, they hung their trash and food high in the trees.
Laura bought a house. The master bedroom was painted bright green. Laura did not like the color. She painted over it with navy blue. Laura loved the new color of her bedroom.
Maria was waiting at the Nepalese restaurant for her order. As Maria waited, she checked her phone. She saw that she had one missed call from her boyfriend. Maria was about to call him back, but then her food was ready. Maria took her food and thanked the restaurant owner, and left.
Chad and his older brother Chris don't get along. They are always fighting. Their mom is really upset with all the fighting. She took away all their video games. They stopped fighting to get them back!
My friend was riding on the back of her boyfriend's motorcycle. They were going up a hill on the freeway. Her boyfriend hit the gas to help them get up the hill. My friend didn't have a good grasp and fell off the back of the bike. A lady accidentally then ran her over with her car and killed her.
Jason was an adept mechanic with a mysterious and dark past. He showed up to town one day without saying a word and bought a shop. He was considered the best but there was something off. The town realized too late when the local mayor went missing. When police began searching the mechanic was gone without a trace.
I once joined a book club that really was meant for girls. The books they read were all romance stories. I read them and tried to make a good impression on the women. I even did research on the books so I could sound smarter. Halfway through the third book, they voted me out of the club!
Cassie lost her job. She was having trouble paying her bills. While she looked for a new job, the bills kept coming. Cassie hoped someone would help her. She was happy to find a church that helped pay her rent.
Daisy loved her mom's flower garden. She liked to help out with it. One day when her mom was busy she watered the garden by herself. She forgot to turn the water off. She killed all the flowers with too much water.
My eyes had been hurting. I went to see an eye doctor. They told me I need to start wearing glasses to reduce eye fatigue. I picked out some nice frames. Two weeks later they were ready, and I was now a glasses wearer.
Susan was forced to go to dance recital. She hated to dance. So she planned to get out of it. She started crying loudly in practice. The teacher's had no choice but to take her out.
Bob bought a tractor one day. He used it for pulling logs back to his farm house. Bob would then cut the wood and sell it. He made enough money to pay for the tractor. Bob is glad he purchased the tractor.
Laura wanted to play the harp. She signed up for lessons in school. At first it was very difficult to learn. But soon she was playing wonderfully. She played so well, she got a solo in the school concert!
Sam was driving his car when he came across a lady waving him down. He pulled over and asked if she needed help. Turns out she had a flat tire and didn't know how to change it. Sam didn't either but he decided to look it up on his smartphone. They watched a tutorial and learned how together.
Lily's dog was constantly escaping from her yard. Lily searched the fenceline to see where the dog was getting out. After a while, Lily found a small hole in the chain link. Lily asked her father to repair the fence. The dog never got loose from the yard again.
George loved going to the library. He got out books and always returned them on time. One day he misplaced a book and it was overdue. He would not go back to the library until he found it. When he did find it, he ran all the way to the library.
Mary decided to clean her apartment today. She worked the whole day. At the end of cleaning she used a vacuum. She accidentally vacuumed her lost ring. Even so, she was happy to find it.
I recently met an old friend. I accompanied him while he ran various errands. We went to his job, his house, and a thrift shop. I quite enjoyed playing around in the thrift shop. The day wasn't exciting, but I enjoyed my friend's company.
It began storming again when we least expected it. It started early in the morning, and continued past noon. It dumped so much water that we received a flood warning. We began to worry as the yard got deep with water. Finally it stopped, and we breathed a sigh of relief.
Lenny was digging a hole in his yard to plant a tree. He hit something hard. He jammed the shovel harder into the ground. All of a sudden water started spurting out of the hole. He had broken through a water pipe.
My team has yet to win a game this season. I've been at third base for the past two weeks. Getting to field means i get to bat, which is a nice change. In the bottom of the ninth it was all tied up. I was last in the rotation with two on base when i hit the home run.
When I was younger I had a bunny rabbit. My rabbit was very good at escaping her cage. She ended up escaping one day. Although we searched and searched we couldn't find her. Eventually, we found her outside in our garden.
I was playing with my dog, Penny, outside our house when I was four. I chased Penny around and around and suddenly fell into a small hole. The hole contained a fire ant dirt mound and they were biting me! I ran to Mom and she hosed me down and poured alcohol all over. I learned to stay away from fire ants that day.
Today, I made lunch to bring to school with me. I made a sandwich with roast beef, pickles, and cheese. I also put a bag of chips in my lunch. I took it to school and had it at lunch time. I was really glad I had made myself lunch.
Gina was waiting on her grandma to finish gardening. As she sat on the porch her mother pulled up. This meant Gina was going home. She ran to the garden to say goodbye to her grandma. As she jumped in the car she was relieved to be finally going home.
He told her it wasn't abuse. She asked him what he thought abuse was. He said hitting, black eyes and broken bones. She told him using cruel language and calling her names was too. He scoffed and told her she was just a crybaby.
Max found a puppy in the field behind his house. The puppy was dirty and looked hungry. Max brought the puppy in and gave him a bath. Max fed him and gave him a place to sleep. Max decided to keep the puppy.
Ben came home one day and found a huge mess. His plants were knocked over and newspaper was everywhere, shredded. Ben called for his dog sternly. But his dog was hiding and did not come to him. It knew it had done something bad!
Gina was in the backseat of her dad's car. The car next to them kept pace with them. The kids in that car were doing gross things. Gina looked to see 2 kids making pig faces. Gina laughed when her sister gave the kids the finger.
The man asked for jelly. The waitress brought some. He didn't like the flavor. He asked for a different flavor. The waitress just laughed at him.
I was walking my labrador. I forgot my doggy bag. My labrador defecated but I couldn't pick up the feces without a bag. I decided to leave the feces and walk away. The sheriff saw and fined me.
On a long hiking trip Mike took out his map. The map into a very large sheet. A sudden gust blew the map away. Mike chased after it. The map landed high in a tree and Mike had to climb it.
Kelly had been with Tim for three months. She liked their relationship. However Tim wanted to be serious. Kelly was not sure she wanted that. They ended up breaking up.
Josiah ran after the opposing player with the ball. He slapped the ball from the boys hands too a teammate. His teammate dribbled towards their basket. Josiah took a pass from the teammate and made a basket as time expired The team hugged each other in celebration.
Esther was helping her grandchildren color eggs for Easter. They prepared the colors, and boiled the eggs. The children loved that Esther let them to choose their own colors. When the kids weren't looking Esther knocked an egg off the table. She sent the kids upstairs and threw away the broken egg in secret.
Laura wanted to find the perfect dress. She saw one with big stripes, It would be perfect for the dance! She bought it and took it home. Laura couldn't wait to wear the dress!
One fateful Christmas it was snowing more than usual. My dad turned on the news to hear about a blizzard in our area. Of course my family and I wasn't planning to leave the house. However, the blizzard actually caused severe damages. Caused roof problems, my car had to be towed and our fence was broken.
Heather was out with her husband at a fast food joint. They order their food and go to sit down. When the food arrived Heather noticed something moving. She checked her fries and found a cockroach. She stormed to the cashier and demanded and got her refund and left.
Amy lived in the town of Depew. She went to the summer carnival at the park there. She rode rides for hours and hours. Then she ate carnival food while playing games. Amy really loved the Depew carnival!
Kate loved Italian food. And the restaurant near her job made a great hummus. She tried other things on the menu. But she always ended up returning to the hummus. She was hooked and ate it at least once a week for months.
Joan was interested in archery. She didn't know much about it. She approached a coach and began training. Joan was very good at archery. She entered into her first event and won it.
A man desired to learn about many things. He decided to look at the best performers in their fields. He studied their works and lives. He learned a lot. He put into practice what he learned and changed his life.
Harry went to the sock every day to relax and watch the sunset. He always enjoyed watching the sun disappear over the horizon. one day someone was sitting on his bench and he was a little upset. When he went to confront the person, he discovered it was a woman. He talked with her instead and made a good friend.
Tony looked through Netflix. He found a documentary that looked interesting. He started to watch it and quickly fell asleep. It was the most boring documentary he'd ever watched! Tony decided to watch a comedy instead.
A man was whistling a jaunty tune on a subway car. A woman began to get annoyed by the jaunty tune. She demanded that he stop whistling a jaunty tune. The man refused on the grounds that there was no law against it. The woman got off at the next stop, cursing the jaunty tune.
It was a tradition to get a butter lamb for easter at Ava's house. One year the stores were all sold out. Ava didn't want to break tradition. With a knife, she tried to carve her own butter lamb. It was lopsided, but her family appreciated the effort!
Robert went in a fast food restaurant to order a cheeseburger. The line was very long so he played a game on his phone. When it was his turn, he ordered the meal. But he was told that there was no cheese left that day. He chose a regular hamburger but he didn't like it at all.
Tim wanted to make biscuits and gravy. He can never make gravy right. He decided to try it one more time. He added the flower and water to his skillet. He finally got it right!
Tim has an English test tomorrow. He decided to go out instead of studying. When he got to class, he wasn't ready for his test. He did not know anything. He failed his test.
Tom had a steady office job. He was afraid of losing it. Everyone started getting sick. Tom got sick too but went to work anyway. Tom was able to keep his job.
Chad's neighbors had a large dog. The dog would bark loudly outside every night. The barking kept Chad from getting much sleep. Chad asked his neighbors to do something about their dog. The neighbors decided to keep their dog indoors at night.
Edna had a deep contralto voice for a woman. When she spoke on the phone everyone thought she was a man. She tried to alter her pitch to sound more feminine. But it came out as a squeak and usually scared people. She had to accept her voice in the end as she couldn't change it.
Michael was a fighter He gets into a fight wherever he goes He decided to join the UFC competitions After his preliminary fight, he instantly got accepted He went on to become the heavyweight champion
Jake's car was broken into. The glass was shattered and stereo stolen. Jake was furious. He called the cops and they filed a report. The burglar was never caught.
John felt lethargic and out of it throughout the day. His doctor said it was due to his poor breakfast eating habits. John decided to eat a healthier breakfast. After only a few days John noticed a big difference. He kept eating properly for as long as he could.
Devin decided to take his dog, Kevin, to the dog park one afternoon. Kevin was very excited to see other dogs. But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin. Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration. Devin and Kevin were banned from the dog park for a year.
Kate's parents were cooking crab legs. It was her first time eating them. Kate thought they were delicious. They were her new favorite food. Unfortunately they were too expensive to eat them regularly.
Callum was a truck driver. He spent large amounts of time on the road. One evening, he spotted a wounded deer by the side of the road. He loaded the deer into his truck to drive to the vets. The vet managed to save the deer just in time.
John wanted to join his school's weightlifting team. He tried out, and they let him join even though he was weak. They told him he had to improve, though, or he'd be let go! John lifted weights every day at the school gym. Soon he had improved drastically and was one of the best on the team!
Sam loved his new apartment. There was only one problem. His cell phone didn't work well. He barely got any service. He had to switch carriers and pay more money.
Kelsey applied for a job at the law firm. He was invited to come for an interview. Kelsey practiced his interview questions. He spoke well at the interview. Kelsey was offered a job at the firm.
Lemuel was driving one day. He hit a man on a motorcycle. He claimed that he didn't see the man coming. The man filed a lawsuit against Lemuel. Lemuel had to pay the man one hundred thousand dollars.
Ben was afraid of the dark. His mom told him he could get a nightlight. Ben got a cute little nightlight. Every night he kept it on all night. The light helped Ben sleep much easier.
Camden and his brother loved going to the park. His mother took them there often. Camden decided to play on the seesaw. He and his brother got going very fast. Camden fell off and split his head open.
In middle school Charlene wanted to go to Harvard. So she studied in high school and got great grades. Her great grades got her a scholarship to Harvard. She was so excited to go to Harvard. After summer she drove to Harvard and began her college experience.
Jack was taking an important test. He was really scared he was going to do bad. He had a bad feeling about his answers. The next day the scores were handed out. Jack was instantly relieved to see he got a 99%.
I got a new job. The job offered me a healthcare plan. They said outside insurance would be compensated by them. I get healthcare through my parents' health insurance. At present I am basically being paid the compensation by my parents.
Chelsea was obsessed with a man who wasn't interested in her. She called and emailed him several times a day, and he didn't respond. She was drained and anxious, and friends advised she leave him alone. With support, she began putting energy into love and care for herself. She finally learned she deserved relationships of mutual appreciation.
Henry looked around his apartment. It was full of clutter and trash. He went through his things, figuring out what was worthless. He packed away all the things he didn't need. He threw it all out the next morning, relieved.
Allie and Tom were playing in the snow. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Tom got an idea. He got a ball of snow and ran up to Allie. He shoved the snow down her shirt and she screamed.
Melanie took a new path home. The map looked ok. Once she started walking, she saw it went through the cemetery! Melanie was terrified but continued walking. When she got home, she slammed and locked the door.
Todd was on bended knee proposing to Sarah. Sarah was ready to accept and say yes. Suddenly, Sarah got an array of phone calls from family. She answered the calls, ruining the proposal. Todd was so mad, he took the ring back and walked away.
Tim was bowling with friends. He kept getting strikes. After a while he was getting close to a perfect game. A crowd gathered around. Tim was able to pull it off to several cheers.
Kelly received her new phone charger in the mail yesterday. It was a cheap charger and that's why she purchased it. She decided it would be better going with a no name brand. However to her dismay the charger was not working. Thankfully she sent it back for a refund.
Alex was walking to school and saw a snail crossing the sidewalk. She stopped to watch the snail. Then she saw three smaller snails following the first one. Alex watched and waited for all the snails to cross the sidewalk. She felt happy knowing that the snail family made it safely across.
The man walked into the forest. He was surprised to find a bear. He backed away without being noticed. The man walked out of the forest. The man hurried home with the story.
Tori decided to take her dog on a walk. They walked 4 miles in the cold weather. She froze the whole time. When she got home, she felt like she was getting a cold. Tori decided that she was going to wear more layers next time.
One day I woke up feeling kind of ill. I began to throw up so I went back to bed. I took some medicine and fell asleep. When I woke back up I felt much better. Later I heard that I missed a tough day of school.
Lana was bringing treats to her soccer game. She forgot to pack the drinks. The players ran around for an hour. When the game was over, they all wanted a drink. They were made that Lana had forgotten.
Cade was 18 and wanted his own place. He began working as a dishwasher to save cash. He worked for a whole year. Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment. He soon found a great, affordable place to call home!
Friday night is movie night at our house. My kids pick the movie. My wife makes the popcorn. I make the drinks. We all fall asleep on the couch before the end of the movie.
Jill and Bonnie carefully put candy all over straw hats. They were going to enter the Easter parade hat contest in their town. They put the hats in Jill's spare room until the parade the next day. When they went to retrieve them, all the candy was gone. Jill's little brother had gotten into it, eating it all.
Allie loved watching the housewives shows. She thought they were entertaining. Her husband however was not a fan. Her husband thought they were annoying. As a result, Allie could not watch them.
A bug flew into the man's eye. The man scratched at his eye. His eye got bloodshot. He put in some eyedrops. After five minutes his eyes looked better.
Anna squeezed into her favorite old jeans. They were a few sizes too small. She managed to zip them, though, so she thought it was okay. But when she crouched later, the jeans ripped! Anna wished she hadn't worn such tight jeans.
Lucy was stressing out because she had her SAT today. This test was everything to her and she had to do well on it. Lucy entered the classroom and got handed the test. To her surprise, it was not as hard as she thought. Lucy was done with the test and felt pretty good.
Jack had saved up enough money to buy a new video game. He went to the store and looked for what he wanted. Jack found the game. He paid for it at the register and rushed home. Jack played his new video game all afternoon!
Gary and Tom went fishing. Tom caught ten fish. Gary caught eight. When they returned, Tom cooked the fish they had caught. Tom and Gary ate the fish.
Paul liked to visit his grandmother. His grandmother loved vanilla ice cream. Paul always brought her ice cream when he visited. One day, Paul came over and forgot to bring any ice cream. He took his grandmother to an ice cream shop for ice cream.
The store Chad works at is a popular hangout for homeless people. They were always standing outside asking for money. Chad asked them what they wanted most right now. The consensus was clean socks. Chad bought packs of new socks and handed them out.
My family decided to eat out last weekend. We went to a seafood restaurant. They let us pick our own lobster. They all looked like good choices. Eventually my dad picked his favorite.
Bob was hearing ringing in his ears. He didn't know what to do. He went to the doctors. The doctor gave him a prescription for it. The ringing went away in only a day.
Sean has always wanted to drive a pickup truck. His father tells him he can drive the family truck when he is older. One day Sean and his father go grocery shopping. On the way home, Sean's father lets Sean drive the truck. Sean feels proud that he has earned his father's trust.
Howard went to the fair with his best friend's family. In one of the barns, you could pay a dollar to milk a cow. He had been saving his money for ice cream, but he wanted to try. He paid his dollar and sat on a stool by the cow. He laughed out loud when milk started pouring into the bucket.
Jimmy went for a walk with his pet goldfish. He carried the glass bowl. People looked at him like he was crazy. He took it to the pond and let it swim with the other fish. Then Jimmy realized he didn't know which fish was his.
Tom prided himself on being frugal. Whenever he had spare change, he threw it into a jar. After many months the jar was filled with coins. The coins totalled over one hundred dollars. Tom used the money to buy a cart of groceries.
Michael's sister was having a sleepover with friends. He decided to prank them. He waited until they were watching a scary movie. Then, he jumped out and scared them. When they realized who it was, they were so annoyed.
Today I was watching a movie on tv. I was really enjoying the movie until a fly came into the room. The fly was buzzing so loudly around me I couldn't concentrate. I had to get up out of my seat and shoo the fly away. When the fly left the room I was able to enjoy the movie again.
Billy has been running around excited all morning. He hadn't slept a wink last night. He bounced up and down in the car the entire way there. He was finally going to meet santa. As they met the elves, he recited to himself the list one last time.
Dawn wanted to have a memorable vacation. She decided to take a cruise to the Caribbean. At each stop Dawn attended activities that she had paid for. During one particular stop she got to swim with dolphins. It became one of the most memorable moments of her life.
Tom lived at an apartment. His neighbor became his good friend. His neighbor did not have wifi. His neighbor asked to share his wifi. Tom complied and allowed his neighbor to use his wifi.
James had arranged to propose in a hot air balloon. He talked his Jessica into going for a ride. During the ride, it began to rainy. They had not prepared for this. They were drenched by the time the balloon landed.
Jane is a little girl who lives in a bad neighborhood. Jane went out to play, but never left her yard for fear of crime. Jane heard gunshots and ran back into her house. Jane called the police and reported the gunfire. Jane looked outside her window, and saw the shooters being arrested.
Allie just moved into the neighborhood. She was kind of nervous. She didn't know if she would make friends. When she saw another girl she said hello. The girl said hello back and Allie made a new friend.
Sarah was deeply depressed. She had recently been divorced. Faced with living alone again, she was thinking about suicide. That's when she found a kitten on the way home from work. Instead of death, she chose to live her life for the cat.
Gina was packing her Grandma's dresser. The top, middle dresser drawer was full of random items. Gina found things in the drawer she hadn't seen for Years. She stood smiling as she found childhood trinkets. She had a lovely stroll down memory lane as she packed the dresser.
My friends and I went to a restaurant last sunday. We ordered food and some drinks. The waiter brought our food but gave to the wrong person. Later, he gathers the food and gave it to us. The waiter keeps on saying sorry.
Jim and Jen decided to go sledding one day. Jen fell off her sled and twisted her ankle. She went inside to put some ice on it. It felt better in about twenty minutes. She went back outside to sled more.
Ally needed a job. She decided to apply to be a secretary. Ally got the job. A month later, she was sick of how boring it was. Ally quit her job and got another job that was less mundane.
Jenna and Frank had been married a few years. They would have terrible fights. Jenna's friends all told her to dump him. One night, she decided they were right. She told him to get out of their house.
Jack moved to a cool area. He bought a house with a wood stove in order to stay warm. The stove put out a lot of smoke. Jack stopped using the stove. Jack continues to pay higher insurance premiums for the stove.
I moved into a very small apartment. I thought people would laugh at me if they saw it. I never invited friends over. One day a group of friends came over as a surprise. They were amazed at how cozy and comfortable the apartment was.
Matt wanted to be an action hero like in the movies. He visited the gun range often to practice shooting. He also practiced multiple forms of martial arts. One day he was in a bank when a robbery occurred. In his attempt to save the day, he was shot and killed.
Tom was a scientist and loved clouds, he rarely smiled. He was always looking for a very particular type of cloud to study. He never had seen this particular type before in person. He looked every day but continued to miss the special cloud. One day he saw the cloud and was so happy he laughed out loud.
Tammy needed a mother's day gift for her mom. She waited until the last minute. The store was out of gifts! Tammy drew a nice card for her mom. Her mom loved it and cherished it forever!
A poet woke up every morning struggling to come up with new ideas. The poet would look out his window for inspiration. After weeks of no luck for inspiration a squirrel climbed up near him. The poet filled with enthusiasm watching the cute squirrel eat acorns. He decided to write a poem about the squirrel's everyday life.
Sam was a musician. He was invited to play at a party. He arrived early. Then, he set up his equipment. His performance went really well.
Phil grew up going to summer camp each year. Those were his favorite memories of his childhood. Phil wanted to go to camp with friends. He found a camp for adults only. They had an amazing time.
Kim had a job interview coming up. But she was worried about what to say. Her friend told her to relax and not be so serious. And the advice helped a lot. Kim thanked her friend when she was hired.
My mother begged me to come back home and help her. I never forgave her for the abuse. Somehow, I still couldn't tell her no. I moved back to the house I'd tried so hard to escape. I spent the next 2 years trying to make a life.
James had a very bad toothache for days. One evening, James tooth hurt so bad that he started to cry. James finally realized that he had to go to the dentist. When the dentist saw James' tooth, he knew what to do. The dentist pulled James' tooth and he could finally sleep well.
Tim had a big exam coming up. He devoted a lot of time to study for it. Tim spent the entire night before getting ready. By the time of the test Tim was really tired and out of it. He got a poor grade.
Tim was a fifth grade student. Tim's classmates were all supposed to bring in desserts. Tim brought in cupcakes from his mother's bakery. The class enjoyed Tim's cupcakes very much. The entire class was happy to enjoy the desserts.
My college government teacher loved to give quizzes. We had to take one every Tuesday and Thursday morning. We had to watch the news first. I watched every single channel and read the websites. I aced the quizzes and the class.
Bob loves to go camping. One night, while drifting off to sleep he heard a scary noise. He slowly opened the tent door and shined his flashlight around. Finally, he found the source of the noise: a squirrel. After that, he was able to sleep soundly.
The black dog did not appear to have a home. Jimmy saw the dog and felt sorry for it. He walked over to it slowly. The dog came over to Jimmy and wagged his tail. Now the dog has a home with Jimmy.
Katie decided she needed a new best friend. Teddy the bear wasn't going to suffice now. She interviewed many of the animals. The process was grueling and she finally came up with a solution. All of her stuffed animals are now in best friend status.
Tracy and her family were on a river cruise. It had been her dad's idea and the family loved it. They were slowly cruising down the river enjoying all the sights. The trip finally came to an end. None of them wanted to leave it was such a great time.
Ken had an old pair of jeans. He loved the way the fit on him. His girlfriend accidentally threw them out one day. Ken immediately went out to the trash cans to search. He was able to take them back in.
Bill went to the library to check out a book. He wandered the stacks to find a good one. A blue book about fishing caught his eye. Bill took it to the front desk. The librarian said he couldn't take it out unless he paid an old fine.
Alex was only a week away from the new school year starting. Alex needed to buy many things for the new school year. Alex waited till the last day to go to the mall. She was lucky and found everything she needed! She was pleased to begin the school year well prepared.
Tommy grabbed a bowl from the kitchen and filled it with baking soda. After a minute, he found a jug of vinegar as well. He heard about doing this from a classmate. With a brief hesitation, he poured the vinegar into the bowl. A foamy substance began to overflow onto the counter.
Leticia's first day at college was dull. She didn't know anyone and everything felt foreign. She picked up a flyer on her way to her dorm. It was an invitation for a party that night. She went and felt a lot better after.
Trisha was in 9th grade. She had had all A's until this year. They slipped as she thought volleyball was more important. Her parents grounded her for a month. She was only able to play volleyball on Monday and Wednesday.
Steph was painting in her art class. And another student complemented her work. Eventually, other students started watching her. Her portrait painting was a masterpiece. Steph's painting was put on display in the school art gallery.
I woke up late today. I started getting ready and fell. Then I missed the bus to school. My mom had to drive me in her car. I made it to school a little late.
All evening Daisy asked her boyfriend for a surprise gift. Although he disagreed with being asked for a surprise, he planned one. 1 Month later, he turned up at her door with plane tickets for Paris. Unfortunately, she had prior plans with family. He used this as an excuse for never surprising her again.
Dylan's dad is excited to give him a car. Dylan has worked very hard in school. He's met all his parents expectations. Dylan choose an economical Honda Civic. He loves his fuel efficient car.
Tom didn't know how to tie his shoelaces. So teachers always had to tie them for him. Eventually, teachers were tired of tying his shoelaces. But he struggled to learn how to tie them himself. Tom's mom made him use velcro laces, but everyone made fun of him.
June loved to make up stories about people. She knew it was wrong. She also knew it could hurt people's feelings. One day she got called into the principal's office. June received detention for spreading gossip at school.
You have to take graduate exams in high school. I had a history test at the same time as one of the exams. I was studying for the history test. My stepmom said I should study for the graduate exam. I did fine on both.
Gale wanted to spend her weekend at a casino. Gale decided to try her luck at roulette. She managed to double her earnings! Feeling lucky, Gale decided to keep going. Gale left the casino that day breaking even.
John's yard was a mess. John decided he would clean the yard. So he started to clean the yard. He finished it a hour later. The yard was nice and clean.
Stu tore his sisters penguin plushie while arguing with her. Stu's sister started crying. Stu immediately regretted his action. Stu found and purchased many bird plushies. When he them to his sister, she forgot about the penguin completely.
Tommy brought some friends to an arcade. His friends thought arcades were old-fashioned are uninteresting. Tommy showed them some racing games. Tommy showed them some rhythm games. They had a great time, and changed their opinion of arcades.
I love my garden but I hate watering the plants. My friend recommended I buy some cactus plants. I agreed with him. I went to the store and bought several cacti. I was pleased because I would not have to water them.
We were sitting in class doing our work. My friend Heather came running down the hall. She was yelling for help. My teacher ran out to meet her. Her teacher was having a heart attack.
Sue was at her daughter's house. Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick. Sue was more than happy to help get her grandson well again. She bought a chicken and made a soup. Her grandson ate the soup heartily and felt better.
Pete made custom pens in his garage. His pens became very popular with businesses in his hometown. He decided to expand his pen business. Pete opened a shop and hired four employees. Now Pete sells his popular pens nationwide.
Hector always made fun of kids at school who wore glasses. One day he realized he couldn't see as well as the other boys. His parents took him to have his eyes tested. Hector found out that he needed to have glasses too. Now the other boys at school make fun of Hector.
The baby ate a lot of milk. She didn't feel too good. Her stomach was really full. The milk came back up. She spit-up on her mom's clothes!
Leah noticed she was spending a lot on groceries. She decided to start a garden in her spacious backyard. She also bought some chickens for eggs. She tended to her garden and chickens. After a while, Leah had fresh vegetables and eggs for free.
Martha wanted diamonds. She asked her husband for them. He said okay. Martha was so excited. She picked out a bracelet.
Jennifer was very excited. She was going horseback riding. It would be her first time riding a horse. Jennifer loved seeing the horse, and making it gallop. Jennifer couldn't wait to go horseback riding again.
Dan bought a house next to a church. The churchgoers were always very noisy and it irritated him. Dan decided to do something about his rude neighbors. He hooked up his amp and played a death metal opus on Sunday morning. Dan's neighbors now make an effort not to be so noisy.
Rick decided to create a new garden in the yard. He got to work pulling up ivy to clear space. In the ivy he kept finding tennis balls the dog had lost. He started keeping a pile of all the balls he found. Rick ended up with more tennis balls than flowers.
Marianne loved to twirl. She did so everywhere but especially in the rain. As she didn't pay attention while she twirled, she fell a lot. It made her feel clumsy but she didn't stop. She twirled her way onto a stage and this time she didn't fall.
The owner rushed her dog to the vet. The vet said he needed emergency surgery. The owner wasn't sure how she would pay for it. The vet said he would do it for free. It was important for him to keep the dog healthy.
Glenda got in an accident. She called her insurance company. They sent someone out to look at her car. They estimated the damage at $10000. Glenda decided just to get a new car.
Tim's class was doing pushups. All of Tim's friends did ten push ups. Tim could not do one. Tim practiced hard at home. Soon, he could do twenty push ups with ease.
It was time for our annual deck painting. We got THT cleaner and power sprayed it. Then we laid down plastic. I was afraid I would mess up the painting. But we rarely used the deck.
I was going on a first date with a guy. We headed to the movies together. Suddenly, he said he felt sick. He threw up everything in the parking lot. I was grossed out I never talked to him again.
Tina was running in the park one day. Across her path, she saw a fat red slug! She paused in her run to approach the slug. Picking it up gently, she set it on a tree branch. Then Tina returned to her run, happy to have saved the slug.
Jill read a book about bees in school. She learned that bees are dying. She wanted to find out what she could do so she went to the library. The librarians helped her research bees. She's going to plant a bee-friendly garden to do her part.
Tom and his friends wanted to go to Las Vegas and play blackjack. After much planning he and his friends found a good hotel. Tom and his friends arrived at the hotel and found the casino. He sat down at a blackjack and bet $3000 on one hand, which was 21. After turning his $3000 into $12000, Tom paid for his friends' trip.
Mandy was looking for a mechanic. His car was damaged in a car accident. He looked through the phone book for a reliable mechanic. Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel. Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic.
It snowed in Kelly's neighborhood about three feet. Kelly thankfully had a snow day. As a result she asked her neighbor's if they needed help with removal. They took her up on the offer and paid her to help. Kelly was happy to make the extra money.
Chad was helping his friend pick out an engagement ring. Chad and his friend had several options to choose from. Chad and his friend weighed the pros and cons of each ring. After some deliberation, Chad's friend choose a solitaire ring. Chad was glad he could help his friend with the decision.
Tom was a naturalist. Tom went into nature often. He felt it improved his hearing. He could hear everything for miles out there in the silence of nature. He would regularly go into nature and simply listen to the forest.
Missy wanted to take her dog to a dog park. She looked online and found one close to her house. Missy and her dog walked to the park. Missy was surprised to see it filled with very large dogs. She decided to wait and find a park for smaller animals.
Ivan was hanging a photo on his wall. He couldn't get it straight. Finally he drew a line with his level. Then he hung the picture with the line as a guide. Ivan was happy that he'd finally got it straight!
April and her husband had just bought a new home. One week later, they were sleeping and heard a bump. They soon realized they were getting broken into. They called the police and hid in the bathroom. Needless to say, they moved out and found a better neighborhood.
Dave was driving down a long, dark country road. Suddenly his car sputtered to a stop. Dave saw that he'd run out of gas! He got his gas can and started walking back down the road. He had to walk five miles before he saw a gas station!
We played sardines in a can. This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game. We hide in the second floor of the barn. Skip told me to jump out the second story window. I did, my ankle snapped and was broken.
Mommy put on Sani's bathing suit tenderly. Sani didn't like sudden movements so she picked her up gently. Mommy carried Sunny outside and lay her down on the chaise. It was hot, but Sunny just smiled and waved as Mommy cleaned the pool. When she was done, Mommy brought Sani into the cool pool water.
David's dad bought a new television. That night David is playing ball near the television. The ball hits the television screen. The screen on the television cracks. The television can not be returned.
Angie wanted to treat her puppy to a new toy. She went out and bought a large hard rubber bone. Her dog Minnie was over joyed to see this new play thing. Angie watched for hours as her dog entertained herself with the toy. Angie was happy to see her dog so filled with joy.
I walked over to the thermostat and set it to 65 degrees. My wife did not realize until later that it was no longer so warm. She quickly began to complain and accused me of lowering it. I pretended to not know anything about the situation. She bundled herself up in blankets and believed my lie.
Julia loved dogs of all kinds. The only dog she feared was the pitbull. She had heard many scary things about pit bulls. Julia's cousin bought a pit bull puppy. Julia was pleasantly surprised at how sweet the dog was.
Sam wanted to make new friends. He decided to take Salsa lessons at a local art school. Sam gradually became comfortable dancing in public. The more he danced, the better he felt physically and emotionally. Sam realized that the benefits of dancing are manyfold.
Andrew painted his sons bat. His son swung it at a ball. The paint cracked where the ball hit. Andrew tried a different paint. The son asked for an unpainted bat.
Roger was freaking out because he could not find his car keys. He had already procrastinated to the last minute to leave for work. If he didn't find his keys in one minute, he would be late for work. "O God, where are my keys please?" Immediately he noticed that his keys had fallen in his bedroom shoe.
While on vacation, a fire broke out in my friends apartment. He was out of town and apparently, had not told anyone I was there. An apartment on the same floor but down the hall, caught fire. I woke up a few hours after the ordeal, unaware of it. When I left the apartment I was shocked by the soaked carpet.
Ben had been dating his girlfriend for six years. He decided it was finally time to propose. He bought a ring and her favorite flowers. At the restaurant, he had the waiter prepare a special dessert. When his girlfriend found the ring in her cake, she said yes!
Tonight our son came over to do his laundry. He also cooked dinner for us. He made tacos for us. We haven't had tacos in ages. It was a satisfying night.
Sam was an office worker. Sam would occasionally work from home. Sam would hold sensitive work documents at home. Sam thought he should buy a paper shredder to be safe. Sam used the shredder on every document and felt smart to do that.
The task seemed like an easy one. It would only take a few moments and was simple to do. The task had to be done with another worker connected online. The connection was made quickly but the other worker never answered. The task took too long due to the other worker and was abandoned.
Eric looked everywhere for his missing iPod. He strip searched his room to no avail. He checked the rest of his apartment to no avail. Eric was sad, as he really loved that iPod. However, when he sorted his laundry, he found the iPod in his pocket!
Carl was stressed out about all of his college classes. So little by little, he began dropping them. Eventually, he had no more classes and decided to get a job. But after years of working, he regret leaving college. But after he enrolled in college again, he had little motivation.
I washed my clothes in a different laundry detergent today. The feel was different at first, but I got used to it. The next time I tried another different brand. I loved the thrill of a new brand this time too. This is how I became addicted to laundry detergent brands.
Kelli bought some stock options of Apple as a gamble. She thought the price would go up so she bought calls. However to her dismay the price as falling. Kelli was upset she was losing money. She knew better next time not to gamble.
Johnny just turned 5 yesterday. For his birthday he wanted a puppy. At the pet store, Johnny saw a chocolate lab he liked. His parents paid for the puppy. They took their new dog home to join the family.
Tom was a great amateur wrestler. There was a big championship tournament coming up. Tom trained extra hard. He beat all the competition easily. Tom won first place.
Tim loves walking in his neighborhood. The only problem was that the streets were messy. There were soda cans and plastic bags everywhere. Tim organized a neighborhood cleanup. The group got the streets sparkling clean.
Ted was having trouble in his math class. He knew he had to pass the next exam. Ted wrote the formulas on a cheat sheet. He hid them in his sleeve. The teacher caught Ted when the sheet fell out his sleeve.
Lydia was listening to an old CD her boyfriend had burned for her. Her CD player was old but still working alright. She had lost track of her thoughts and was enjoying the music. Suddenly, the CD skipped out and stopped playing. Lydia tried to fix it but the CD had a huge scratch.
The weather was nice outside. Tom knew of a perfect place to go picking apples. He invited friends and they carried baskets. They got dozens of fresh apples. Tom ate apples for weeks.
Tina was working on her computer when it totally broke. She could not believe it. She ultimately had to take it in to get it fixed. The computer company unfortunately could do nothing. Tina was then pretty furious.
Trevor was sitting in class. He started to feel very gassy. He didn't want people to hear him fart. He asked if he could leave the room. Then he went outside to fart.
Bob left his bedroom and a familiar smell greeted him. He walked down the hallway, following the scent. The smell was coming from the kitchen. Grandma had just pulled a hot tray out of the stove. She made the best biscuits.
Becky's dad is a cranky old man who doesn't go to family gatherings. Becky decided to plead with him to attend Thanksgiving dinner. He told Becky that he did not feel well enough to go. Becky knew he was lying. Becky does not ask him to attend family gatherings anymore.
For Kona's 16th birthday, he asked for a trip to his home state. His parents had emigrated from Maui, Hawaii, when Kona was only two. He wanted to see the waves and white sands again. His parents sent him to Maui to stay with his grandparents. During his stay, Kona had the best time of his entire life!
Joseph was dyslexic. He loved reading but it took him ages to finish a book. So when he found an audiobook, he was relieved. He could continue to be around stories without hurting his head. And since then he listens to two books a week while driving.
Jim is coming home from dinner. On his way home he hits a deer. The deer goes flying in the air and off the road. He goes to check on the Deer and it's badly hurt. The deer eventually dies.
Cayla is very good with clay art. Every clay piece she makes looks great. People started to take interest in Cayla's clay work. So she started to sell them. Cayla is very pleased that people appreciate her clay crafts.
Tiff bought some bagels. She brought them home. She couldn't help it. She put them in the toaster. The bagels came out burnt.
Cindy was obsessed with her hair. And she used all sorts of hair products and dyes. She was glad that her hair gave her so much attention. But in her 40s, she noticed her hair started going away. She was devastated when she realized it were the products causing it.
The Smith family moved into a new house early in October. They were very excited for Halloween. To celebrate, they gave out full size candy bars. Lots of children visited their house that year. They can't wait for next year when they can decorate also.
Chariot decided it was time for some new clothes. She got online and started searching through her favorite stores. She picked out a few tops and shoes. She placed her order. Chariot can hardly wait for her new clothes.
Dan works at a tire shop. He works hard all day changing people's tires. While working, accidentally broke a seven hundred dollar machine. He thought he would be fired for this. Dan didn't get fired and was more careful from then on.
We tried to buy an air purifier. I called the local CVS. The person on the phone said they had them in stock. When we got there they did not have stock. We bought one at Target.
Charles was determined to be a sales champion. He made a sale his first day on the sales floor. Three days later he had a prospect who wanted to buy but wouldn't. Charles called the customer he previously helped. That customer convinced the prospect to buy, he had good service.
I sent my friend Sally some candy for Easter. She loves Cadbury Cream Eggs. I bought a pack of three eggs and mailed them to her work. She sent me an email thanking me profusely. I like sending things to my friends.
Tim asked the most popular girl in school to the prom. He thought she'd refuse. But to his surprise, she accepted his offer! Tim was so thrilled! He almost jumped for joy as she walked away.
Nora and her family loved eating fried chicken, and bought it often. They had considered buying a deep fryer, but they were so pricey! Then Nora sat down and calculated what they spent on KFC each week. She realized that a fryer of their own was actually the best choice. They bought the fryer and ended up saving a lot of money in the end.
Sue wanted to impress her boyfriend. His favorite food was spaghetti. She decided to make her own sauce. He ate it and said it was delicious. When Jill tasted it, it was absolutely horrible.
Jimmy forgot to do his homework. Tom said he could copy his homework. The teacher caught Jimmy copying Tom's homework. Jimmy and Tom both had to stay in for recess. Tom was mad at Jimmy.
They had few house to look at in their price range. They finally found one that was in a great location. It was small but seemingly under-priced for the area. When they walked through the house, they understood the pricing. The floor in the center of the house sagged badly to the middle.
Sam was at the bar with friends. He wanted to pick up on girls. He hit on a few. None of them reciprocated his flirtations. Sam eventually went home alone.
I live in an area where cops are waiting to give you tickets. They hide in the sneakiest positions. I once got pulled over and had no idea where the cop came from. This made me a more careful driver. I'm always looking around and being aware of my surroundings.
I have a date with my husband approaching this weekend. I was excited about our date but I had an issue, I needed a dress. We went to several stores but couldn't find anything that fit me. After a long day of looking, we finally found a dress that fit! I bought the dress and I cannot wait to wear it this weekend!
I had a task to do. It was very complicated. I could not focus on the task. I drank a cup of coffee to help. I was able to work on the task.
She was only 7 when her mother put her on a raft with her sister. Her mother was desperate to give her daughters a better life. The two girls had a harrowing journey through storms and sharks. They thought they would die but then they saw a ship. The ship was Japanese, and the girls were taken on board and rescued.
Ryan was playing catch in the road. All of a sudden car came speeding through and ran him over. Ryan yelled loudly to his dad he was bleeding. His dad runs out as fast as he can with a smile on his face. He then yells out to Ryan hey bleeding, I'm dad.
Jack has had thick healthy hair for his entire life. However, his hairline has receded as he has approached 70. The hair has a central part that has receded the least. He had been combing his hair straight back. Now dissatisfied, he told his barber to make his hair like Trump's.
It was Deb's birthday. She had just turned 5. Her parents threw a party for her. All her friends came. She thought it was a great surprise.
Whit had been sick. She finally went back to the gym. Her trainer put her through an intensive workout. Whit started to feel sick. She got sick and threw up.
My brother is always back seat driving. I can't make a left without some criticism. He told me I wasn't merging correctly. He asked me why I have to drive so slow. My brother had his license revoked last year, but won't shut up.
Nita and her husband were thrilled to find they were expecting. But Nita wanted a girl and her husband wanted a boy! Then the ultrasound revealed that Nita carried twins - fraternal. Each partner was getting their dream! Nita and her husband were so happy, they cried!
Kia tried out many possible hairstyles for prom. She didn't like any of them. Finally she went to a professional stylist. He gave her a lovely updo for a great price. Kia was very thankful for his help!
Ethan was late for school. He ran outside to catch his bus. He saw the bus about to leave. He signaled for it to stop. He quickly got on.
Bob's son Ricky was getting bad grades. Ricky had trouble organizing his time and getting things done. Bob tried to help, but realized Ricky was too far behind. He signed Ricky up with a tutor and arranged for summer school. After a little extra effort, Ricky was back on track and doing well.
The man chewed some gum. The flavor went away. He put in another piece. He wanted even more flavor. He put five pieces of gum in his mouth at the same time.
The girl knew that her father was not a good man. She wanted everyone to like him anyway. She told everyone he was a wonderful father even though he wasn't. Everyone listened to her words carefully. They all believed he was a good father.
I consulted Apple support last week. My phone access to iTunes was locked out. Without iTunes I could not update my apps. Support could not help me unless I gave her a lost credit card number. Miraculously, I remembered it.
Billy had a favorite teddy bear when he was a kid. Over the years he lost track of it and even forgot about it. When his mother passed away he went to her house to clean it up. He found a box in the attic that held his old teddy bear. He took it home to give to his daughter.
Maxine wants to have slightly darker skin. She takes the train out to coney island to get a tan. On Coney Island she lays on the beach to enjoy the sun. At the end of the day she has a nice tan. Maxine is so happy that she no longer looks so pale.
Tom is going through sleep paralysis. He feels a weight on his stomach. He can't see what it is but he senses it is something evil. All he can do is wait for his body to wake up. In time, it does and he can move yet again.
Tom was eating out with his parents. They were notoriously bad tippers. On the way out Tom pretended to forget something. He went back to leave an extra tip. His parents never found out.
I have never been a wine drinker. Yet I decided to try some anyway. When I tried it it was bad. The taste was too acidic for me. It was disappointed.
The school's marching band practiced for the game all week. They put in extra hours every night to perfect their routine. The day of the big game finally arrived! The whole band piled onto the bus, giddy with excitement. The bus spiraled off the road, killing everyone on it.
My friend Jim invited me to see a scary movie the other day. I don't like scary movies at all, but I told him I would go anyways. We went to the theater and bought popcorn and drinks. When the movie started I was nervous that it would be too scary. Fortunately, the movie wasn't that scary and we had a good time.
Tom played football and felt horrible after practice one day. When he got home he crashed. He mom noticed he did not look well and took his temperature. Tom was running fever. The next morning he went to the doctor and had the flu.
Joshua was nervous to go to preschool today. He was used to staying at home with his grandma. When mom dropped him off she told him to have a good day. Joshua looked around and saw many other boys and girls. He made new friends as was excited to come back again.
Ivan and his classmate Mike were assigned a project together. Ivan had the idea to write a paper about global cultural development. They worked together on the paper, but in the end, Mike took credit! He claimed Ivan's idea had been his own. Ivan was so angry, he told the teacher the truth later, after class.
Dan was invited to a Halloween party. At one point, the kids were blindfolded. Their hands were put into plates of food. Dan knew the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti. Yet, he played along and gasped with the others.
Gerald loved fencing and often dueled other children. He was ranked very highly in local competitions. Michael sought a challenge and offered to face Gerald. With one clever trick, Gerald outmaneuvered Michael. Laughing about it afterward, the two went out for food.
I was invited to see a baseball game. When I sat down I was so bored. I just wanted to leave. I had nothing to do. So I fell asleep.
Last night I decided to make a homemade gift. I made a crochet hat. I was quite pleased with it. I then decided to go ahead and make my own business. Many people have bought some.
Yesterday, I went outside to play in the snow. I was outside in the freezing cold for three hours. I came into the house shivering. A hot shower didn't even warm me up. I slept with six blankets that night.
The kid was getting dressed for school. He decided to wear his new sweatshirt. It had a hood and a zipper. He tried to put it on but it was too small! His mom said she would take it back to the store.
Mary was a small girl for her age. She hit her growth spurt pretty early on and hadn't grown since then. Some kids made fun of her because she was so short. Her mother always told her to be proud of who she is. Mary did not let the kid's words get to her.
Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting. He was sentenced to anger management classes. At first he thought they were a waste of time. But then they started helping him. In the end, Karl was grateful for the classes.
Tim was going through his closet. He noticed old jeans he hadn't worn in a while. He tried a few pair on. None of them really fit that well anymore. He decided to give them to goodwill.
Ira bought a new game. She invited friends to play it. They had a good time. Unfortunately it broke halfway through. Everyone went home.
Chris always made A's. He never had to study. This time Chris forgot he had a quiz. He was absent the day before and panicked. Chris decided to cheat on his quiz and got caught.
Danny is driving home from work. Danny sees a woman in the road. Danny slows down. While slowing down he is hit from behind. Danny loses his life in the car accident.
Lisa enjoyed watching birds in her backyard. She decided to install a hummingbird feeder to attract the small bird. She filled a feeder with sugar water and hung it in the yard. Soon enough a humming bird was swiftly flying around the feeder. She was happy it worked and to see the small birds in the yard.
Mike threw in some laundry and went out. When he came back there was water everywhere. He tried to figure out what had happened. He realized a rag clogged the drain. He cleaned up the mess and made sure it wouldn't happen again.
I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today. I kept him company, as he is a lonely old man. He told me he had just listened to Beethoven's Ninth. I talked to him for an hour. I left him in the lobby and told him I would see him soon.
Jesse and Tom were proud parents. They wanted their kids to have great lives. They decided to have their daughter learn the violin. Their daughter became a great violinist. Their whole family lived very happy lives.
Jane threw a christmas party. She invited all her friends. Most of them showed up. Everyone had a great time. Jane was happy and satisfied.
Tom was a serious athlete. Sometimes he exercised too frequently and for too long. He would get cramps. His friend suggested for him to buy electrolyte pills. Tom did and no longer experienced cramps.
I enjoy doing these HITs. They are easy and pay well. Sometimes, though, it's hard to think of appropriate stories. To get ideas, I look at Facebook. I just spent an hour looking at Facebook to make 23 cents.
I wanted to grow up to be a basketball player. I ended up being pretty short. The other players always blocked my shot. I could not get any rebounds. I decided to become a musician.
Jim made a resolution to lose weight for new years. He started going to the gym in January. He noticed it was really packed. By February there were a lot less people. It was basically empty by March.
Tim was mad. His co worker never did any work. Tim was in a group project with the co worker. Tim told his boss. The co worker ended up getting fired.
The man grabbed the woman's purse. He ran away from her. She yelled out for help. Somebody chased the thief. The thief got tackled in the street.
A man walked down the street with a cane. The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell. The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder. His arm popped out of his socket. The man dialed his phone for help because he couldn't rise.
Jim didn't want to spend 20 dollars for a haircut. And he didn't think cutting his own hair would be that hard. But after several minutes of cutting, his hair looked terrible. And he decided to just shave it all off. Afterwards, Jim always paid to have someone else cut his hair.
It was a summer afternoon and John was standing outside. As the sun shined on him, he thought about how much he hated summer. He hated everything about it -- the heat, the sweat, the brightness. However, something soon happened which made him smile. A giant cloud floated by and covered up the sun.
Dale caught his girlfriend sneak out at night. She accidentally woke him up. Dale asked her what she was doing. She admitted to smoking. They had a short argument and went back to sleep.
Gage is very frustrated with his husband. His husband is being very rude to everyone around him. He has also been very short fused. Gage feels he should see a counselor. So he made the both appointments for next week.
Leah got kicked out of her house. Her friend Kim offered her a place to stay. Leah packed up all her clothes and things. She brought her things to Kim's house. Leah stayed at Kim's until she found an apartment.
The man cut down the tree. The tree fell on his car. He called his insurance company. They refused to cover the damage. The man had to buy a new car.
Sara was invited to the football game. She showed up at the gates early. Then, she went inside. She spent most of the game wandering around. At the end of the game, her team won.
There was still so much to do before Thanksgiving. Tasha was worried she wouldn't have enough time. She pulled into the driveway. She carried the bags into the Kitchen. Her husband was wearing her apron and rolling out pie dough.
Jane was excited about halloween. She had planned her costume months in advance. It was elaborate and fun. Jane proudly showed off her costume at different parties. Everyone thought she looked great.
There is a beaver that has been building a dam by our school. The local government is worried that the dam will flood the school. Today there is a crane that is taking the dam apart. The beaver is going to have to build a new home. The beaver decided to leave the area and went further down stream.
I had to give the dog a bath. She hates baths, so I had to pick her up and put her in the tub. Once in, she sat still and let me wash her. She was very patient and still in the tub. Once finished, she jumped out and shook her wet fur everywhere!
Amy's job started very early in the morning. One morning she was extra tired on her way into work. Before she knew it, her eyes had closed. Amy had fallen asleep at the wheel! She hit two guardrails before she woke.
Kelly had saved her money for months. She wanted to buy a very expensive stroller for her new baby. The mailman dropped it off just a few days before she delivered. Kelly couldn't wait to push her baby around in it! She was even more anxious to give birth.
My husband said he wanted some fajitas. I bought the stuff to make them. He liked to mix meats, so I bought two kinds. He loved the meal. He ate some more for breakfast the next morning.
Alice wanted to make her hair longer. Alice decided she would put in hair weave to make it look longer. Alice contacted her hairdresser to let her know of her plans. Alice got the hair, and patiently waited for her appointment. Alice could not wait to see what her hair weave would look like.
I was training to become a cashier in a casino. A man, who was also a cashier, came into the room. The man asked me what my name was. I gave him my name and my number to call me later. We started to date later on that day.
Annaliese likes to create hypothetical victims to boss people around. One night, she did this to a driver, over a hula girl being offensive. He kicked her out of the car for threatening him and picking a fight. She filmed the whole exchange, vowing to post it online to shame him. She did, but now the whole world sees how she is and sided with him.
Wendy order a sub from the food line. She placed her food on a table. Since she needed to get napkins, she left the table for a few. Another kid walked to the table and stole the sub. When Wendy came back, all of her food was gone.
John wanted to eat chicken. He decided to go ahead and buy a large chicken. He also bought sides. He cooked the chicken in the oven. It turned out perfect.
My husband wants me to teach him yoga. We've scheduled to do it twice a week. It's been two weeks and we haven't even gotten into it. I show him an asana and he just can't move that way. It will be awhile before his body loosens up enough.
It was Joan's first flight on an aeroplane. She was a combination of nervous and excited. When they took off she held her Dad's hand very tightly. Soon they were in the air looking down at the ground far below. Joan was thrilled and couldn't wait to fly again.
Two weeks ago my wife's nephew came by to visit. He brought his wife and one year old boy. The little boy played with our granddaughter's toys. We made coffee and talked for an hour. We were glad to see them as they do not visit often.
Jason came to school with a brand new pair of shoes on Monday. All of his friends admired the new shoes. On his way home, bullies beat him up and stole his shoes. The next day he wore his old shoes and people made fun of him. Jason became withdrawn and introverted for a long time.
Max had tickets to go to the circus. He had to work late on the day he had the tickets. Max gave his tickets to his sister and her kids. The kids had a great time at the circus. Max's nephews called to tell him thank you.
Grant served in Iraq for 2 years. His wife was waiting for his return the entire time. His wife heard a knock on the door one day. She saw a large bouquet of flowers through the peep hole. She threw open the door to see her husband back from war.
Michael had always wanted to see Los Angeles. He finally planned a trip to the famed city. In Los Angeles, Michael tried local food and visited museums. It was truly the trip of a lifetime. Michael is so happy he finally saw Los Angeles.
Megan had a new album. She was a singer in a popular band. On the day it was released, it sold one million copies. Megan cried when she heard the news. She went online and thanked all her friends.
My pomeranian was acting mopey. I tried feeding him his favorite treats. He didn't want them. Then I asked him if he wanted to go for a walk. Now my pomeranian has a big smile on his face.
I took a task that was very difficult. It took roughly 2 hours to complete it. Every time I tried to take a break, I had another task appear. I couldn't decide what to do. Eventually I chose to finish, and get paid.
Todd has been in the hospital for many days. The doctors say there is sign of recovery. His family is planning for the worst. Later in the week Todd's doctor said he was pulling the plug. Todd was pronounced at at 6 pm today.
Timmy loved pine needles. He would build houses out of them. One day he ran out of pine needles. He was sad. His mother brought some home and he played all night.
Kevin always wanted to be a writer. He decided he wanted to write just like his favorite author. He spent years perfecting his style. He was invited to read at a rally attended by his favorite author. He was so proud when the author complimented his work.
Tom had been dating his girlfriend for months. He had jealousy issues. His girlfriend was getting tired of it. One day Tom started a fight with a random guy he thought was flirting. Tom's girlfriend dumped him over it.
Tom lived on top of a hill. It was extra snowy one day. The hill was too slippery to get up. Tom had to park at the bottom. He picked up his car the next day.
Max's little sister insisted on making sugar cookies by herself. She did a good job mixing the batter. However, she didn't shape them very well. They were supposed to look like candy canes. At least they tasted good!
Everyone told Estelle she should learn to be angry. But Estelle had a soft personality and never yelled. Her friends to help her found all kind of things to upset her. After many hours Estelle finally lost it and broke a pot on the floor. All her friends were so scared, they run away from her.
Janice has a caffeine addiction but doesn't have a lot of money. She went to the store to see what she could get to satisfy her need. She ended up buying chocolate ice cream and soda to make a drink. After getting home she mixed the chocolate ice cream and soda. Her beverage tasted wonderful and helped her caffeine needs.
Jim's wife died when he was fifty. Ten years later, he finally met another woman. They started dating casually. Soon they were both very seriously in love! Jim was ecstatic when she accepted his marriage proposal.
My friend dared me to eat a whole cabbage. I accepted the task. After thirty minutes, I managed to eat an entire cabbage. Alas, it gave me a very upset stomach. I learned that I should not eat an entire cabbage.
While working at an Easter egg hunt Sue saw some people she knew. She hadn't seen this family for a year even though they live close. Sue walked over to see them and gave the mom a hug. The little boy looked up and saw her and said hi. After talking to them, the father came over and hugged her also.
Kelly was on the search for the perfect dress with her mother. The two women went to the mall and searched every store. Kelly ran into the Tory Burch store and her eyes caught a number. She could not believe how beautiful the red dress on the display was. Kelly tried it on, and to her delight it fit perfectly.
A new hotel opened up in my city. I wanted to stay there so badly. I decided I would just stay one night. I happily entered the hotel lobby. I ran out screaming when I found out how expensive it was.
Everyone inside the subway was scared to be near the coughing man. He was coughing repeatedly and the people around him were scared. He kept assuring everyone they were just allergies and to not fret. He starting coughing up blood and the crowd really got scared. The sick man collapsed and died on the spot, it was anthrax.
Nick needed some ketchup for his burger and fries. He got the bottle and shook it over his plate. Nothing was coming out. So Nick shook it harder and started hitting it on the back. Suddenly, a huge glob of ketchup came pouring out all over his plate.
Ava was visiting the nature preserve. She heard chickadees calling. She whistled and filled her palm with seeds. Then she held it out to the birds. Soon chickadees were landing on her palm to eat!
Kelly and Fred were friends. Last year they had a fight. They stopped talking. The two then reconvened. Now they are friends again.
Trina liked surfers. Her boyfriend in junior high was a surfer. Trina grew up and got married to a business man. Three years later she saw her ex-boyfriend from junior high. He was still a surfer so she left her husband for him
Alicia always got good grades in school. One day, she failed a biology test. She was so distraught, she talked to the teacher. The teacher put her mind at ease by explaining that failure is normal. Now Alicia knows how to get over failure.
Bob was designing a circuit. He forgot to add a pull up resistor before the microprocessor. When he turned on the electricity, it shorted. Bob yelped and quickly cut the power. He was dismayed to have fried his microprocessor.
Every spring I make a garden. I go to the store and buy seeds. At home I get out my garden tools. I dig up the dirt and pull weeds. I plant the seeds and water them.
Jake was at the club. He got a girl's number. Jake set up a date with her. When Jake sobered up he saw her ugly picture Jake made up an excuse to cancel the date.
Fred played the lottery. He did not think he would win. Finally he won something. Fred screamed with joy. He was now set.
Jeremy was shopping for cards for his wife. He was having a hard time choosing just one. Several of the cards were really cute and funny. Finally he decided to pick one randomly. Luckily his wife loved the card he ended up with.
The man blamed fate. The woman thought that was wrong. She argued for free will. The man called that nonsense. The woman stopped conversing with the man.
Since he was raised catholic , John would always go to church. It was a tradition that he continued to follow through the years. He eventually met a nice young lady at church. They found they had a lot in common. They eventually got married and had the ceremony in that same church.
I tried being a cashier in a grocery store. Because i want to have a job,even it's difficult to accept it. One day i was mistaken in giving exact change of one customer. Luckily,the customer is kind and she gave back the excess. Since that day,i do extra careful in giving their change.
Tom walked home from the library. It started raining before he got there. He stood under a tree, trying to cover his computer bag. He finished the walk home after it stopped raining. His computer screen stopped working because it got wet.
It was time for breakfast. Alex tried to get his Spiderman bowl of the shelf. He stumbled and the bowl fell to the ground. The bowl shattered into a bunch of little pieces. Alex cried because his favorite bowl was broken.
The Los Angeles Lakers beat the Memphis Grizzlies last night. Kobe Bryant was listed as questionable for the game but he played. Kobe scored 12 of his 20 points in the third quarter. He spent the last 4 minutes of the game on the bench. His younger teammates helped to seal the win and end a losing streak.
Katie loved parties. She wished she could go to a party soon! But none of her friends were interested. Then Katie had a better idea. She threw her own party and invited everybody!
The couple went to a hotel. They checked in. When they go to their room they found a mess. The hotel didn't clean the room from the recent visitors. The coupled returned back to the front desk for an accommodation.
Jack wants to go out with Jill. But Jill is unsure. He plays a cheesy love song in front of her and the whole school. She agrees to go out with him. They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after.
Will loves going to the arcade after school. One day his local arcade decided to host a tournament. Will spent all week practicing after school. Will was nervous but also excited on the day of the tourney. Will managed to place first thanks to his efforts.
Bill went to buy candy at his local candy shop. He got his candy but he also met a pretty girl named Candy. After he got home he wished he would've gotten her number. He went to the store and asked the owner if he knew the girl. Candy was the owner's daughter, and Bill was asked to leave the store.
Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family. She goes and visits some friends. She hears them talking behind her back about wanting her to leave. The next day a group of her friends go swimming and don't invite her. Cam is very sad and hurt by her friend's actions.
Reade was a married to a woman he loved. When their son became 18 they were loose. They had to redefine their relationship. They considered divorce. Reade and his wife ended up working things out.
Jane's room was a mess. So, Jane's mom told her to clean her room. She told Jane that if she didn't, she wouldn't be able to go out. Jane watched TV instead of cleaning her room. So, she was not allowed to go out to the mall with her friends.
Jackson had a toothache. He went to the dentist to get it checked out. The dentist told him to open his mouth wide. He stepped back in surprise. Jackson had a toothpick stuck in his tooth.
She went into the shop knowing she couldn't spend much. The stuffed animals were very expensive. She chose a small stuffed panda bear. It cost over $15 despite how miniscule it was. She paid for it reluctantly.
The soldiers were very tired They had walked for miles overnight. They found the camp they were looking for so they laid down a took a rest. Their journey was now over.
The artist looked for inspiration. He found it in a door. He didn't actually paint the door. He painted what he thought was behind it. People loved his work.
Bailey had always seen herself attending college in the south. After all, both of her parents had graduated from Auburn. Because of this, Bailey assumed she did not have to try too hard. She rarely studied and spent most of her time with friends. Bailey was devastated to receive the rejection letter from Auburn.
Gina's sister and brothers wanted to play spades. Gina didn't want to play because she wasn't good at the game. But her friend Lisa, who was visiting her also wanted to play. Gina played for her friends sake. She hated the game, but she knew she needed to be a good host.
Tara went to the park. It was supposed to be a nice and sunny day. All of a sudden it started to thunder. Soon it was raining and Tara was soaking wet. Now Tara has to go home and change clothes.
My father bought me a shetland pony for my fifth birthday. She was cream colored with a long flowing tail. I was very excited when I climbed into my new pink saddle! As soon as I settled in, she began to kick her back legs wildly! I landed on the hard ground, my left arm cracking loudly.
The teacher was going over the exam that the class  have tomorrow. Aaron didn't pay attention and was unaware of it. At home, he mostly slept and didn't do any homework. When he came into class the next day, he was surprised. The teacher passed the exams to everyone and he was scared.
She woke up with terrible pain. The left side of her face was throbbing. She could barely hold her head up. She laid in bed all day. When her husband saw her condition, he told her to go to a dentist.
Max loved pizza hot pockets. He ate them every single day. He grabbed a hot pocket and threw it in the microwave. But for some reason it the microwave wouldn't start. It was Max's worst nightmare, the microwave was broken.
Steven was very embarrassed by his appearance. He had very large teeth. It took him many years to come to terms with his own body. As soon as he learned to love himself, he found his soul mate. He now campaigns for positive body image representation in the media.
Linda had friends over for her birthday. They each made a pizza, competing for most creative. The winner had mushrooms, coconut, pineapple and chocolate chips. It tasted absolutely terrible. But it was definitely the most creative.
My first trip overseas was to Paris. I was a total tourist. I went to all the classic places and saw as much art as possible. I ate local food and drank fine wine. It was a lovely experience I hope to recreate.
Becky was having sleeping problems. She went to see a team of specialists. They asked her to participate in a sleep study. Becky complied. After the study, they told Becky she had sleep apnea.
Dave was an extremely lazy kid. His mom always got upset that Dave didn't help around the house. Today, Dave decided to be a better son. He did the dishes without being asked. His mom was very pleased with Dave.
I remember the day when gas prices dropped very low. People went out in the streets and had parties. At the party I was at, a lady asked me how I felt. I told her it was the best day of my life. Now that a gallon was 23 cents, I felt like nothing could stop me.
I had a dream that I went to Build a Bear. I found a teddy bear that resembled a large gummy bear. It was squishy and made of silicone. I bought one in red and green. I dressed it up and took it home to display.
Han was told that guns were always better than bows. Therefore, he was made fun of at the accuracy competition. However, this only drove him to do better. Everyone else went first with their guns and pride. Han went last with his bow, but nevertheless he won.
John took his frozen pizza out of the freezer. He thawed it for hours and then put it in the oven. But the warm, soft pizza fell down through the slats on the oven rack! John's shortcut had ruined the whole pizza. John vowed not to do anything so silly in the future!
Ray spent many hours at his computer everyday. But his back began to hurt. He saw a comfortable chair. But it was expensive. Ray figured a back injury would be more expensive though.
Rick was playing in his yard when a kitten walked over. Rick and the kitten played in the yard. Rick accidentally stepped on the kitten's tail. The kitten screamed and scratched Rick before running away. Rick stopped crying when daddy gave him a Minion band-aid.
Alice was very particular about her coffee mug. It was a green mug given to her by her grandfather. One day, Alice caught her roommate using her green mug. Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back. From then on, Alice kept her prized mug in her room.
Jill was starving while waiting for her food at a restaurant. When it arrived, the waitress warned her that it was hot. But Jill was so hungry that she stuffed her mouth. Jill badly burned her tongue. And she felt regretful as it took several days to heal.
Rosie had her boyfriend over while her parents were out. They were hoping that he wouldn't be caught. Rosie's parents came home and noticed his shoes by the door. They had forgotten to hide them. Rosie and her boyfriend were caught and got in big trouble.
Tina was a clumsy child. She was always tripping and falling. Her mother would scold her for it. One day, her mom noticed her shoelaces were untied. That was why Tina was always falling!
Garrett had some stinky clothes. He decided to wash them. He gathered his quarters. He went to the laundromat. He washed his clothes.
Carl was watching the news. But there was no positive news. So Carl felt sad. He decided to watch a movie instead. And he forgot about everything that was wrong in the world.
Joe was making fried salmon croquettes. After he made his batch he saw he didn't use all of his canned salmon. He didn't want to make another batch. Instead he visited his local food bank to see if they would accept it. They did so he donated a dozen cans of salmon.
Ana looked up at the roof and scoffed. Bob nodded his head in agreement. The roof looked absolutely fine. Ana expressed she couldn't believe the homeowner wanted it replaced. Bob said the owner must be a world class idiot.
Lisa had a relationship of five months with Troy. Her sister was her best friend and was eager to meet him. When her sister met Troy, she gave him the third degree. He was confident, nice and stood his ground. Lisa's sister was very pleased with him and gave her the green light.
I wanted to make an authentic cork board. I gathered a large number of stray wine corks. I glued them together to form a rectangle. I attached it to the wall. It didn't hold papers very well and it later fell apart.
Irma was a conscientious bank teller who paid attention to details. One day, a regular customer who owned a restaurant made his deposit. In his deposit, Irma found what was obviously a counterfeit bill. The customer was embarrassed he had been tricked by the fake bill. Irma felt bad when she had to confiscate the bill from his deposit.
I read about a really great investment and decided to take advantage. I invested $10,000 with the company. A couple of months later, I read that it was a Ponzi scheme. I lost all the money I had invested in it. The person running the company went to prison.
Myriam received a dictionary for her birthday. She was very curious and learned a new word every day. After a whole year, she was very proud of her new vocabulary. She wrote a story that used all the words she had learned. She showed it in class and won first prize.
Jenna wanted to be a cheerleader. Her mother took her to tryouts for the cheer squad. She had to do a cartwheel and a back walkover. Jenna was nervous, but she successfully completed the tumbling. Jenna was excited when she found out she made the team!
Olivia has a physics test tomorrow. She hasn't studied at all for this test. Olivia grabs some coffee and puts on study music. She crams for the test all night. Unfortunately, she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test.
The kids decided to go find some Pokemon. They charged their phones and set out to find some. They went to all the Pokestops in their neighborhood. They caught a few common Pokemon. They decided to meet up the next day to try again.
Jake was a star basketball player on the local team. During one game, Jake only scored 8 points. He was furious that the other players weren't passing to him. Jake went to the coach to complain about the other players. Jake was kicked off the team.
Nabra decided to make some chicken soup. She put some chicken in a pot and started it heating. She went to spend some time on the couch. She fell asleep on the couch. Her chicken burned to a crisp.
Nya was in the restroom at school when the fire alarm went off. Panicked, Nya dropped her hairbrush and ran outside. She quickly found her friends and ensured their safety. Then she waited with her classmates while the police investigated. It turned out the fire alarm had gone off by mistake!
Sadie was at the bus stop. She was playing on the rocks when she fell onto a cactus. A big needle was stuck in her leg. The bus arrived and the driver helped her. He pulled the needle out of her leg and she was okay.
Alex had a pet bird. The bird squawked a lot at night. Alex covered the cage with a blanket. The bird squawked more. Alex gave the bird away.
My friend Giovanni is 43 Year's old. He lives at home with his Italian parents. Giovanni started dating a pretty doctor last year. She was a 33 year old Haitian. Sadly, they broke up over their differences.
My hair looked terrible. I decided to use hair gel. I styled the hair into a mohawk. My boss told me I looked stupid. I realized that hair gel was not for me.
John decided to try online dating. John made a profile with his photo and a personal description. After about a day, John got a message from another user. She wanted to know if they could meet up. Now, six months later, John and that girl are engaged!
I went to go eat fried chicken last night. I went to go with a friend of mine. We met up at our favorite place to eat fried chicken. We stayed there for hours eating and talking. I had a great time with my friend.
As a kid mike loved basketball. But he had an odd shooting style. So his coach used to call him silk. So he kept referring to himself as silk. Although his shot got better, he'd always be silk.
It was Anna's first night as a waitress. She did her best, but felt overwhelmed. So when her boss handed her her tips, she was astonished. She had made almost $100 just in tips! Anna was gratified and thrilled!
Gary was getting married today. Gary was excited to see his wife in his dress. As he walked down the aisle, everyone clapped. However, when Gary's wife walked down the aisle he was crying. Gary saw his wife, and her dress, and knew she was lovely.
Emily had a really rough day. Her friends suggested she go rent a puppy for a day. Emily liked the idea. She drove with her friend to the Puppy Barn. The puppy made her really happy again.
Henry got into a car accident. Instead of buying groceries, he had to pay for car damages. His kids suffered for several weeks since they barely had food. Henry took out a small loan in order to purchase food. He didn't pay it back until the end of the year.
Gina's brother had moved out of the house. That meant his room was available. Gina was sure her parents would give her the room. She was shocked when they turned it into a TV room. Gina was so angry she didn't speak to them for a week.
It was Sam's first day of school and his mother was very nervous. She had never left him alone a school. She was afraid Sam would be scared and not let her leave. Sam opened the door and saw all the kids playing together. To his Mom's relief, Sam ran into the classroom to play.
Maryann has been watching the Olympics all week. Watching has made her miss playing sports. She decided she wants to get back in athletic shape. Maryann begins to plan out her workouts. She's pretty excited to be in shape again.
Jasmine was in love with her girlfriend Petunia. She knew that Petunia loved Valentine's Day and pasta. She made reservations at Petunia's favorite cafe for the holiday. Petunia had spaghetti and Jasmine had a cheeseburger. They both shared a red velvet cupcake after dinner.
Sasha was not a good girl. Her mom always told her she was a misfit. She wished she was able to go to the island of misfit toys. But soon realized that the place was make-believe. Sasha's dreams were crushed and wishes there was a place for her.
Beth wore her favorite faded jeans to school. All her friends loved them. The principal saw them on Beth and pulled her aside. He told her they were not appropriate for school. Beth had to go home and change.
Darlene and Bill were highschool sweethearts 50 years ago. As she stood at his bedside she remembered every moment. He had been her best friend, her lover, and her dance partner. She held his hand tightly as he smiled up at her with his blue eyes. A single tear rolled down her cheek as he passed from this world.
Anita was very old. Anita  became sick. Anita's family put her in a nursing home. The doctor told Anita that she couldn't return home. Anita was very sad about not being able to return home to her house.
Macy went to Hawaii on a vacation with her family. She saw a jewelry store where you could open an oyster. Macy paid twenty dollars to open an oyster. There was a black pearl inside. It was a rare type of pearl!
Joe had been working hard at football practice. He was determined to be on the starting lineup. He finally got put in by his coach. He was excited when he made a catch. He was glad that hard work paid off.
Brian's wife had 100 pairs of shoes. When it was time to go out, Pam never knew which shoes to wear. Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman's shelter. Pam knows which shoes to wear now. Pam and Brian have since gotten divorced.
Pam put leftover soup in a plastic container. And the next morning, she reheated it in the microwave. Pam didn't know that the plastic melted and went into the soup. And after she ate it, she had a headache. Afterwards Pam realized her plastic containers were not microwave safe.
Kay was busy cooking. She was making Thanksgiving dinner this year. She put the turkey in the oven at 7am. It baked all day. Right at noon, it was time to take it out!
John bought a new horse. He has a large house with a big stable for horses. He already has two horses. This one is a baby one. It is so adorable.
Melody moved out of her parents house and into a new city. She procured an apartment with one of her parents as a co-signer. Melody began seeking work. Melody applied for food stamps to pay for food in the meantime. She was informed that she had too much in saved assets to need help.
I had been on the bus for a day. I needed some caffeine to help stay awake. At the next stop I was getting a soda from the vending machine. A  woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack. I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good.
Tom was an ambitious person. He set very high goals. He would usually not reach his goals. His goals were so high that there was glory in even failing. Tom was happy with his goal setting and reaching performance.
I woke up late and forgot to brush my teeth. When I got to school I had bad breath. My friends told me my breath stunk. I went to the bathroom and washed my mouth. My friends said my breath still stinks.
The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch. His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day. The support tech requested the number to the mobile attached to it. Promising only a quick tweak was necessary, the tech called the phone. The support line went dead, and tech went back to reading his book.
Briana was at the lake with her friend's family. She wanted to call her mom to say goodnight. Unfortunately, they couldn't get cell service. Briana was really upset but tried to stay positive. Luckily, the next day they found cell service nearby.
Audrey had been writing his novel for months, but couldn't finish it. A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment. Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write. He felt inspired and hyper-focused on the task. In a few hours, Audrey finished the first draft of his novel.
Tom and his friends went on a cabin trip. It was near a lake in a nice area. Tom had a very relaxing time there. His friends all had fun as well. They started planning their next trip already.
Todd accidentally broke his girlfriend's son's toy hammer. Todd was determined to replace it. He looked in different stores, but could not find the same one. Todd decided on one to buy even though it was different. When her son saw it, he didn't mind and gleefully grabbed it.
Stephanie strolled down the city on her way to work. A homeless man sat on the sidewalk up ahead, holding a cup. Upon seeing him, Stephanie's heart filled with sympathy. She took out her wallet and gave the man a few dollars. The man smiled and nodded his head.
Todd had a beat up car. His car wouldn't start before work. Todd decided to check the oil. He realized there was no oil! Todd added oil and now his car works!
Jessica was trying to write a short story. She needed ideas, so she asked her friends for help. Her friends said she should look at pictures to help get ideas. Jessica looked at some pictures online, and she found some ideas. Jessica wrote her story and her friends thought it was good.
My parents smoke tobacco. I never liked the smell of it. I try avoiding my parents when they smoke it. Avoiding my parents was extremely hard. I ended up getting use to the smell.
Maggie had plans to see a concert. She arrived at the theater on time. For some reason, there was nobody there. She opened her phone to check for any notices. Then, she discovered that the concert had been cancelled.
I remember when we celebrated my 18th birthday it was so fun. I invited all my friends and they all attended. As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning. They made me feel that it was my big day. After the party,i opened all my gifts and i love them all.
Some kids set off fireworks on a mesa. The grass on the mesa burned. The fire came close to some houses. Firefighters put out the fire. Nobody was hurt.
A Hillary supporter tried to vote on a local election. Nobody he knew was on the ballot. He voted going on guesses. IT still counts. The person getting the votes appreciates it.
Janice took a class to learn how to speak French. She got an A for her final grade. Janice celebrated by taking a vacation to Paris. She ate escargot and frog legs at a fancy restaurant. On her last night of vacation Janice went to the Eiffel Tower.
David is dancing. He slips and falls on the floor. He breaks both of his legs. He cries in pain. His parents take him to the hospital.
Ryan complained about his school schedule being ruined. He visited the guidance counselor on the first day. She managed to change his schedule. However, Ryan did poorly on his classes throughout the semester. He ended up repeating the entire year since he failed.
James woke up to a loud noise. He went outside to investigate and found a baby bear! It had knocked over his trash can. James ran inside, afraid that the mother bear was nearby. He locked the doors and closed the blinds.
Tim was really good at archery. He was encouraged to join competitions. The first one he joined he won easily. Tim continued on to bigger competitions. Eventually he won several first places and awards.
Today I went to the beach. I walked along the beach. As I walked, I found seashells. I found seashells of all shapes and sizes. I put the seashells in a bucket.
After Halloween, Ida had a lot of extra candy. She put all the extras in a bag and took it to work the next day. All of her co-workers thanked her for all the candy. Ida was very glad that someone was enjoying all the candy. At the end of the day all the candy was gone.
Jacob loved scaring kids on Halloween. He always picked the scariest masks. When the doorbell rang on Halloween night, he opened the door. He had his mask on, ready to make the kids jump. The kids had on their own scary masks and scared Jacob instead!
Carly took her sons to see Santa Claus at the mall. Her oldest son was happy and posed for a nice photo. Her younger son was scared, though. He cried the entire time. Carly had to bribe him with candy to get a good photo.
Robert was a successful banker with lots of money. He always yearned for freedom that money didn't give him. He decided it was time to make a change. He sold all his belonging and went off to the desert. He joined a group of nomads there and lived his new life.
I love zinnia flowers. They were in my mom's garden when I was a kid. I saw some while out on a drive today. They reminded me of my mom. I went and boug some zinnia seeds to plant in my own garden next year.
I saw this guy sitting outside a store. When I went in he asked me for change. I told him to ask me when I came out. By the time I did he was gone. I looked around with change in hand but could not find him.
Jan has a Spanish test tomorrow. Instead of studying, Jan decided to go out. When she got to class, she fell asleep. Jan did not finish her test. She failed her test and was not able to retake it.
The noise sounded like a chainsaw. They were trying to figure out where it came from. It came from a house about a half mile away. Branches had fallen from an old dead tree. They were cutting them up to move them out of the way.
Sue loved her dog. She groomed it on a weekly basis. Sue was always teaching her dog neat tricks. She decided to enter her dog into a dog pageant. Sue's dog took the first place prize home.
There was a new roller coaster called the Monster. Liz and her friends wanted to go on it. They waited in line for a really long time. When they got to the front of the line, Liz got scared. She decided not to go on The Monster roller coaster.
Linda just purchased a new home. She found something that she can fix up the way she likes. One of her favorite things about it is that she has a garden. Gardening is very relaxing to her. She plans to move in and hopefully be gardening by the fall.
Charlotte wanted a big party for her birthday. She wanted pizza for dinner and her friends to come over. She was so excited for all of the fun. When the kids arrived she couldn't contain her excitement. At the end of the night, she told her mom it was the best party ever.
Susie got her ears pierced a month back. She was almost ready to change earrings. But unfortunately she got an infection. Her lobe expanded. She was allergic to the earring.
Rick's friend was an executive with the Olympic Committee. He got Rick tickets to any event that he wanted to see. Rick rode a bus to the Opening Ceremonies with many dignitaries. Rick got to watch the track and field events from a suite. The closing ceremonies were great, but he was sad when they were over.
My niece was scared of most characters at Disney. She would hide behind her mom. But she got braver near the end of the trip. We met tinker bell and gave her a hug. She said she was her favorite.
I had a big chemistry test coming up. I studied night and day for a week. The day of the test arrived my nerves were on edge. Luckily I sat next to the smartest person in class. So I used his answers to make a good grade after my mind went blank.
John got stung by a bee. He did not think he was allergic. The next day it started to swell. He went to the hospital immediately. They gave him a shot for it.
Alex and Sierra were on a hiking trip with their parents. They were on their way to a very big, high up hike. Alex began telling Sierra a scary legend about a boy falling. Sierra freaked out and didn't want to do the hike. Luckily, her parents calmed her down and promised it wasn't true.
It had snowed six inches last night. All the neighborhood kids were outside playing. Bobby built a fort and armed it with dozens of snowballs. His friend Ed did the same on the other side of the street. They had an epic snowball fight that day!
Angie wanted meatloaf for dinner. She had never made it before. She searched the internet for a recipe. As she prepared the dish, she started to get nervous. Luckily, it turned out great.
Summer was coming to an end and Fall was coming. Anna was devastated at the thought. Then she got her first whiff of autumn breeze. She remembered pumpkins, hoodies, and leaves changing color! Suddenly, Anna couldn't wait for fall!
Eunice notices that her eyes hurt after driving for a long time. Her friends recommend she invest in a good pair of sunglasses. She finally finds a pair that she can afford. She loves wearing her sunglasses when she goes driving. Now her eyes feel fine, even after very long drives.
Tom wanted to pull a prank. He saw his sister was sleeping. He went in her room and cut her hair. He thought it was funny. His sister was horrified.
I went to buy a bicycle yesterday. I went to the bike shop and talked to the employees. They all had different opinions about the best bike. After thinking about it for a few minutes I bought a blue bike. The bike is really nice and I.
I put a quarter in the jukebox. I selected an old Eagles song. After a minute everyone in the bar was up dancing. When the song ended everyone looked at me. I started humming to myself as I left.
I was going down the road. I saw a wreck. I saw one car hit another. It spun around a couple times. It looked dangerous.
Sal loved to go fishing. Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did. All he could catch were small sardines. He decided to sell the small sardines anyways. People loved his sardines and were willing to pay large sums for them!
Susan had an essay to do. She had an old computer. It sometimes reset by itself. She used the computer to write her paper. And unluckily the computer reset losing her paper.
Tom loved vanilla ice cream. His mother only bought chocolate. He got mad when she brought it home. Then, his mother found chocolate vanilla ice cream. Tom and his mother never fought about ice cream again.
Tom noticed his dog was sleeping a lot. He tried to feed him but he wouldn't eat. Worried, he took his dog to the vet. The vet took an X-ray of Tom's dog. They were shocked to find several objects in the dog's stomach.
Janet was shopping at a thrift store. She liked to check the cheapest stuff first. She managed to find some great cheap shoes. Then she checked the expensive stuff. She ended up finding tons of cute stuff.
Joe was baking granola bars very late at night. And he was beginning to get sleepy. He put the granola mixture in the oven and sat on his couch. But he found himself drifting into sleep. He woke up a few hours later to the smell of burning granola.
Tim had a goal to make honor roll. He had made C's all through school. Tim began studying more and more. His grades got better. Tim got his report card and had all B's.
Tobias awoke early in the morning. He looked at the light filtering through the windows, and sighed. He muttered something to himself as he got out of bed. Once downstairs, he turned the coffee pot. Then, once the pot dinged, he sat down and drank deeply from his mug.
I used to love to eat beef steak. One day we had a school trip to a slaughter house. We saw cows get slaughtered. Many of us puked. I never ate beef ever since.
I needed a haircut. I didn't have any money. Instead, I decided to cut it myself. I grabbed a chunk of my hair. Then, I chopped the piece off.
Nothing makes me more angry than a full parking lot. I wish more business had bigger parking lots. I usually wait for someone to pull out. This usually takes several minutes. The spots that do become available are usually horrible.
Milton had recently been made supervisor. His boss was very mean and griped Milton out a lot. His boss griped again one day, but Milton knew he was wrong. Milton mustered up the courage and argued with him. Milton's boss treated him much better after that day.
Our internet service was weak over the weekend. We could not get popular websites. My wife wanted to look at something on cnn. I turned my phone into a hotspot. She used it to access cnn, and was happy.
I interviewed for a government job. The interviewer asked me if I liked women. I told the interviewer his question was illegal to ask. He said no one would believe me if I tried to expose him. Needless to say I did not get the job.
Nova dreamed of being a professional dancer. She applied to all the top schools. Her first choice didn't accept her. Heartbroken, Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices. Nova's second choice accepted her.
Margie wanted instant noodles for dinner. She took the packet out of the cupboard. Then, she put the ingredients in a pot of boiling water. Soon, the noodles were done. She was happy to eat them.
One day, Howard's dad asked Howard if he wanted to drive. His dad took him outside to their car and helped Howard back up. Howard's dad taught him the gas and the wheel and asked him to drive. When Howard backed up, he and his father heard a large crash. When they checked, they saw Howard knocked over the trashcan.
Gene needed to get some food. Gene went to his car. He drove to the grocery store. Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods. He bought the food and went home.
We found a little puppy wandering through our yard. We took him to the local vet. The puppy had a microchip. The vet called the owner. They were so happy to be reunited!
Penelope had a very big project coming up for school. She worked very hard. Penelope did all of her research. She felt very good about her work on the project. She turned it in and aced it.
I wasn't allowed to have kids in the house. That's what my landlord said. The people across the street must have told them. I made friends with a kid down the street. I met the kid at church.
The man heard some sirens. He pulled over to the side of the road. An emergency vehicle drove by. The man pulled back out. The man followed the emergency vehicle.
An airplane turned onto the tarmac. The pilot came off the plane. His friend asked him about the skies. The pilot replied to him. He said the skies were blue.
Heather worked real hard all day long. She didn't receive a break as she was so very busy. When it came time to come home she didn't feel like cooking. She called her husband up on his cell phone to tell him this. Heather's husband then brought home a pizza to eat for dinner.
Ida was working in a department store. One day she saw a lost toddler crying in the corner. Ida approached him and comforted him. Then she led him to the front of the store. There, she paged the boy's mother.
My neighbor was illiterate. He asked me to teach him how to read. I started by teaching him the alphabet and spelling. He went on to read children's stories and nursery rhymes. Now, he proudly reads newspapers and magazines.
It was Sheila's wedding day and she was excited. Her sister who was a bridesmaid wasn't showing up. Her boyfriend wouldn't let her attend because he was jealous. Sheila picked a random lady in the crowd who could fit the extra dress. The lady became Sheila's bridesmaid replacement.
Oprah Winfrey asked me if I wanted to host my own show years ago. I said yes and learned I had to audition. I researched the internet about how to be tv host. I practiced for days n front in the bathroom mirror. I discovered I did not want to host my own tv show.
Kim got married. She had the wedding outside. She had all of her friends inside afterward. It was a very special day. Her life had changed forever.
I was watching discovery today. I saw several different predatory animals. There were kangaroos fighting each other. One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo. The other kangaroo died from the wound.
Jamie notices that he has gained weight over the last few months. He decides he needs to start exercising more. He puts on a pair of sneakers and goes for a run in his neighborhood. When he is done he feels exhausted. However, he feels very happy to be getting in better shape.
Manuel loved using social media. He shared all of his most personal moments on social media. He also shared all of his political inclinations on social media. He made everyone else enjoy social media less. Manuel did not seem to notice the negative reaction to his openness.
Holice liked to play lazer tag. He had a whole group of friends that liked to play. It was often a very tense match. And his friends hated that he always did very good. So they never played with him again.
My cousins invited me to eat dinner. We had a good time and they were passionate towards talking to me. When the bill came, I offered to cover half of the cost. I also offered to pay for some yogurt. They were extremely happy and asked me if they can hang out again.
Joey and Tom were walking to the park. They were on their way to play basketball with some other friends. As they were walking they found a dog. The dog was super friendly but had no collar. They decided to take the dog home and Joey now has a new pet.
Richard loved to dance a lot. One day, he decided he would dance at a competition. Richard practiced a lot every single day. The day before, he didn't even sleep! Finally, he came in first place in the competition.
Nick loved his pickup truck. One night he went outside to find that someone had spray painted it. He called all his friends to find out who did it. The he realized it happened on the anniversary of his breakup. He called the girl and she admitted that she had done it.
I was in the shower. I had just finished lathering the shampoo. The water stopped. No other water in the house worked. I called a plumber, then went next door to wash out my hair.
Ollie doesn't have any friends. He doesn't mind, he likes being alone. His mother complains, though, and asks him to try. At school he asks his math teacher to be his friend. Ollie has one friend.
Adam was going to an important interview. He was ready to leave, but his wife stopped him. She called him back inside and fastened a necktie on him. Then she told him he looked good enough for an interview! Adam left, feeling much more confident.
Sally wanted to grow veggies. She when to the store and bought seeds. Later she picked out a spot to put her garden. Sally plowed up the ground. Next she planted her seeds.
Roger invited his brother to play a game of chess. His brother was reluctant, but eventually accepted. They set up the board between them. Roger easily defeated his brother in the game. He then realized why his brother had been so reluctant before.
My sister-in-law has a one year old grandson. She used to visit him on Saturdays. Last month her grandson's family moved to the suburbs. She is afraid of driving on the highway and won't take trains. I told her I think she is being very inflexible.
Sam left work one day to go home. While walking his usual route, he noticed the road was closed. Sam turned around and found another way to go home. Because he was unfamiliar, he spent hours walking back home. When Sam made it home, he relaxed on his couch.
Jason had brought his lunch to school. He really wasn't hungry for the sandwich his mother had packed. Jason's friend offered to trade the sandwich for his wrap. Jason and his friend traded lunches. They both happily ate their lunches.
Amy loved to read. A friend suggested she read The Babysitters Club books. She was hooked from the start. She read every book she could find in the library at school. Amy started buying the books the day they came out to keep up.
People always have told me I had a good eye for color. I realized I wanted to monetize my gift and make women happy. I studied several makeup artists and learned their techniques. I practiced my own makeup skills on the kids in my neighborhood. Now I have a great job as a clown face painter slash makeup artist.
Harriet won the lottery. She always played the same numbers. This time her numbers were picked. Harriet used her lottery winnings toward an early retirement. She was able to retire two months ago.
My friends decided to go to Boomers. After we went through the front entrance, we played many arcade games. In addition, we went against each other in laser tag. We spent $30-40 dollars in coins. Although the arcade closed early, we had a good time.
We took the kids to Jellystone campground. They loved playing in the pool and playground. At night they had a hayride. The characters were on it to greet the kids. We loved it and want to go back.
Brad is Derek's best friend. Derek wanted to see a movie. Brad didn't like the movie Derek chose. They got into an argument over the movie. Bad apologized to Derek and they saw different movies.
Mitch stormed into his brothers room. He started going through his drawer. His brother barged in and demanded what he was doing. Mitch said he knew he had stole his watch. Mitch turned and saw his watch on his brother's night stand.
Jim realized he'd forgotten to update his website. He'd put up a special page with items he had for sale. Jim gave away many of the items. Now he only had a chainsaw and the accouterments which went with it. Jim decided to just say everything was sold and be done with it.
Jeanie collected trading cards. She brought her collection with her to school. She found some people already playing a card game. She traded some of her cards for some of them. The people playing the game became her new friends.
Eli was very tired. He became alarmed when he realized his music wasn't playing. Eli looked at his music playing program. He was relieved at what he saw there. His playlist had merely reached its end.
Kenny and his friends were playing a card game in his basement. Kenny told his friends he was going to go up to bring snacks. When he tried to open the basement door he couldn't. He beat on the door and nothing happend. He and his friends were stuck in the basement.
Sally wanted to go to the carnival in town. She called her friends who agreed to go with her. The first ride she went on was the roller coaster. Her friends convinced her to go on the water ride next. By the time the carnival closed, she had ridden every ride twice.
Karl was a runner. He had a great pair of running shoes. He had worn them in perfectly. He flew to a race and got so upset. The airline had lost his shoes!
I think I was the most excited for my nephew to get an xbox. Once he got it we started playing madden. It was so much fun to play it with hi,. The game was so realistic and entertaining. I can't wait until he gets another game!
Tim was trying to make ice. He had to do it the old fashioned way with trays. Tim's trays were old and breaking apart. He got pieces of broken plastic everywhere. Tim finally decided to invest in new trays.
Glen was walking inside. His shoulder brushed past a tree. When he got inside, he noticed that a huge spider was on him. The spider had been in a nest in the tree. Glen yelled and brushed the spider off.
Sara lived in Florida. The wind started to blow very hard. Sara was worried and decided to evacuate the house. Her house was destroyed. Sara was lucky she evacuated when she did.
Grace was a server at a new restaurant. The restaurant was in its first day of opening. Many people were eating at the restaurant. Grace did a great job smiling and helping the customers. She made a lot of money in tips in the first few weeks.
They went to the pet store to see the animals. They had baby chicks you could rent. You would take them home for a few weeks. Once the time was up you had to return them. It was a very new idea and concept.
Germaine was a scientist working on a secret NASA project. It was meant to help design a ship that could travel to Mars. He was really attracted to a pretty woman who was his colleague. They finally got together and became very intimate. Months later he learned she was a Russian spy and he was fired.
Sandy was hiccuping non stop. We took her to the doctor and they couldn't help. We flipped her and made her hold her breath and that didn't help. Finally we decided to smack her on the tummy gently. She stopped hiccupping.
Sara was learning to cook. Her mom decided to start her off with rice. Sara added the rice to boiling water. She got distracted and went to the next room. When she came back, her rice was burnt.
Beth's roommate kept using her soap in the shower. She was getting annoyed because she thought that was gross. Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own. The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own. Beth wrote another note saying thank you to her roommate.
Bobby's father grabbed a flashlight. They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel. The walked onto the sand. His dad turned on the light. Looking right at them were three sand crabs, startled by the light.
Paula had decided to take her two year old trick or treating. She was excited to pick out a costume. Halloween night she dressed up her child and headed out. They walked all over the neighborhood getting candy. They both had a great time.
Jim was really into retro stuff. He noticed a record player at his grandmother's house. She never used it and said he could have it. Jim had a lot of records because he was a hipster. He took the record player and used it often.
I went into the voting booth on election day. I saw that no one was running for constable. I voted for myself as a write-in candidate. I was the only person who voted for the position. I am now constable of my voting ward.
Chad's sixteen year-old daughter wanted to learn to drive. He was hesitant to teach her because he thought she was immature. After he got off work one day, he took her out driving. Chad's daughter nearly hit oncoming traffic three times. After she stopped the car, he kissed the ground and took the wheel.
Adrian went for a bike ride in the park. He said he was a gorgeous day. There was a lot of activity going on. There were a lot of people around. It was a very peaceful bike ride.
I installed a new doorbell in my house. The bell activated a loud foghorn when pressed. I just from my chair when I first heard it. I went to the door to see who it was. My neighbor was there and he loved the bell.
We went on a bike ride after school. It was perfect weather for a ride. I asked my friend to go with me. She was happy to ride with me. We took a long ride through town.
I love going to carnivals. One year, I went to a carnival. I got on a weird ride, and it got stuck in midair. Eventuality, they manually fixed the ride. After that, they let us down safe.
Tina made a presentation for her class. She hoped they would find it to be funny. When she made a statement, no one laughed. Finally they laughed awkwardly. Tina was embarrassed.
Jeff picked out a vanity mirror. He thought it was very attractive. When he decided to put it up he was disappointed. It was not the right size at all. He would have to return it.
I fell in the bathroom today. I had a stroke 5 years ago and use a cane. When I fell I yelled loudly. Our cat ran under the bed. She did not come out until I got up.
When Laura and I were walking by a river one day there was a smell. We weren't sure what it was but it smelled really really bad. We found the source of the alligator and it was a alligator. She was really sad that it was dead but thought it was kinda cool. We walked away after a little bit and it was cleaned up the next day.
Tom needed some cash in a hurry. He saw a sign on his campus for a model. The sign said it was a one-day job, paying one hundred bucks. Tom showed up to discover it was a nude model gig for an art class! Tom did it, and got paid handsomely for it too.
Tom was hungry. Tom loved eating chips. Tom drove to the store. Tom bought chips. Tom came home, and ate the chips to end his hunger.
Dora always thought she knew it all and could fix anything. One day  the pipe in the under the kitchen sink burst. Dora's husband wanted to call a plumber to fix it. Dora said no to idea  and tried to fix it herself. Dora's kitchen flooded out and ruined the new hardwood floor.
Tony heard an ad on the radio. The ad described a miracle product that would solve many problems. Tony went out right away and bought the product which was expensive. The product did nothing that it promised. Now Tony knows to be more careful over what he buys impulsively.
Goldie was a model known for her temperamental nature. Her violent behavior was affecting her ability to get jobs. She finally scored a shoot at an asylum. She thought she'd done very well. The staff agreed and forcefully invited her to stay with them.
I was at the gym last week. I went to use a machine and it was covered in sweat. The guy before me never wiped it up. I found out who it was and confronted him. He apologized and went back to do it.
There was a coupon for a glass blowing experience online. Joan bought it. She was excited to try out glass blowing. She went to the class and picked out her colors. She blew glass creating a gorgeous flower.
The Jackson family decided it would be fun to go to the beach. It was quite a long drive to get there however with a ton of traffic. The long wait was worth it however as the day was beautiful. The family ran to check out how nice the water was. The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours.
John was walking in the park one day. Suddenly he got mugged by a group of teenagers. They stole his cell phone and money. John decided to call the police. The police could not track the teenagers down.
Lily tried to bake a cake for her son. She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur. Unfortunately, it fell apart. Lily had no time, so she ran to the store to pick up cupcakes. She served them with candles.
I am a movie fan and wanted to know more about film. I read one book on the history of film. As it was too short, I read another one this week. The book mentioned important films in history. After I read the book I began watching films listed in the book.
Ed was driving home one night. Suddenly, he heard a loud pop. He pulled over to investigate. He saw that he had run over a large chunk of glass! The glass had slashed Ed's tire and caused a flat.
Kara was shoveling the driveway. She struggled to breathe in the cold air. Still she shoveled, scoop after scoop. Kara looked back and made a plaintive gasp of despair. The snow had already covered her tracks.
I sat in class watching the clock tick by. I wanted to get out to go fishing. The clock seemed to tick slower. Finally the bell rang. I ran out the door for summer fishing.
Dan liked to watch birds. He didn't like that he had to go to the park to see the birds. Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard. The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse. He can now watch birds from the comfort of his own home.
Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom. The books were scattered about her room and in random order. She decided today that she needed to organize things. She grouped together all of the series and books from the same author. When it was all done, she felt so much less stressed.
Aaron wanted to show off for his girlfriend Rita. He climbed to the top of a very tall tree. When Aaron got to the top, he got nervous and froze. Rita tried to calm him down, but she couldn't. The fire department had to rescue Aaron from the tree.
I have to go to the dentist today. I've been taking good care of my teeth. But, I've been flossing all day. I really want to pass my exam. So, I can go out to dinner tonight.
Eric took his son, David, to a friend's birthday party. But Eric was upset about all of the unhealthy food at the party. So when it was David's birthday, Eric only allowed healthy food. But the kids thought the food was weird and hardly ate any of it. And Eric was upset about all of the food that went to waste.
Emma had a bad cold. At first the cold had really mild symptoms. Emma had the sniffles and a cough. After a day or so Emma suspected she had the flu. Emma went to the doctor for medicine.
Jane could not find the last egg from the hunt. She searched everywhere. One day she smelled a horrible odor. She started to walk around the yard. She looked up and in the hanging basket was the last Easter egg.
Bethany was listening to some music in the car. She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer. The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit. Bethany apologized for not paying more attention. The police officer wrote Bethany a ticket for $50.
Ryan was losing a lot of blood. He was in so much pain. The paramedics was trying to stop the bleeding. They sedated him. Ryan woke up later in the hospital with all his family by his side.
Jen wanted a new dress. She could not afford one. She decided to get a second job. Jen finally saved up enough. She was able to buy the dress of her dreams.
Calla had to lose fifty pounds in six months. She wanted to look great in her bridesmaids' dress. She dieted diligently and fought off temptation. After six months, Calla weighed herself. She was thrilled to see she had lost fifty-one pounds!
Tom was trying to log onto his e-mail. He kept putting in the wrong password by accident. Eventually he was locked out. He decided to change the password but it needed his alternate e-mail. Unfortunately Tom didn't remember the password to that one either.
Sara and Hector went on a date. Hector bought Sarah a fancy dinner. Hector wanted Sara to go home with him afterwards. Sara did not want to go home with Hector. Hector went home by himself.
Janet decided to enter her strawberry jam into a contest at the fair. She brought her best jar of jam, and spent an hour walking around. She watched the judges tasting each jar of jam. One of the judges announced the winner: it wasn't Janet. She felt very disappointed, but decided to try again next year.
Clark was walking down the sidewalk. He saw a man fall to the ground. The man was holding his chest. Clark called 911. Clark's quick actions saved the man's life.
Mike got up one morning to take a shower. Mike took his clothes off, turned on the water and began to shower. While standing in the water, Mike lost his balance. Suddenly, he fell quickly to the floor. Mike caught himself, but broke his wrists in the process.
The kids had been begging for a dog. Their parents were still unsure about the idea. After weeks of begging, they finally gave in. They took the kids to the animal shelter and let the pick out a dog. The dog became part of the family and the kids loved helping with it.
Ted and Jo were best friends who loved daring each other to do things. One day they saw a delivery truck, and Jo dared Ted to jump on back. He knew it was dangerous, but didn't want to turn down the dare. He jumped on the back, and the truck soon picked up speed! He regretted the dare when he fell off and completely skinned his leg.
Rita works at a Pita Bread store. She becomes so good at it she starts her own business. Rita's Pita becomes very successful. Rita enjoys her business and her pita bread. She is a world renown baker.
Beth and her friend were in the girl scouts. They were selling cookies for the annual fundraiser. They went door to door all day selling cookies. At the end of the day they were both exhausted. After everything was tallied Beth and her friend had sold the most.
Scott and Tom were eating pizza. Scott took a bite, but he did not swallow the pizza correctly. He began to choke, and his face turned blue. Tom ran over to Scott and performed the Heimlich maneuver. Tom saved Scott's life.
Ali was arrested for a robbery. He was fingerprinted and photographed. Then they brought him to jail. A judge visited and gave him his sentence. Ali would be incarcerated for seven Years!
Tim was walking across the street. He had the right of way. A car came out of nowhere. It hit Tim hard. Tim had to get medical care.
There was a poor child sitting on the street. He had only a loaf of bread left. He was about to grab a bite to eat of the bread. A little puppy walked up to him whimpering. The boy decided to share a piece of the bread with the dog.
Allie loved shopping. Her dad gave her his credit card. She ended up getting carried away. She spent one thousand. When she got home her dad was furious.
Gina's jewelry was on her dresser. But she had no container for them. Each day she would organize them. But the next day they were a mess again. She decided she would get a small Tupperware to keep them in.
John is feeling a little hungry. He decides to snack on some peanuts. He eats a handful of peanuts. He is glad that he ate some peanuts. He feels much less hungry afterwards.
Tom's old phone was getting really slow and sluggish. He tried everything to speed it up. Eventually he realized he needed to buy a new one. Tom spent a long time comparing prices and features. Eventually he found the perfect one for his budget.
Tina celebrated her 31st birthday last month. She had a great time hanging out with friends that day. Her friend Andrew bought her an awesome gift set of soaps. She also received money and a new TV as gifts. She really enjoyed her birthday this year.
My 2 year old granddaughter visited her cousin today. Her cousin is 8. His scout troop was selling lemonade. He had a stand out, and she helped him. She drank some lemonade as well.
Alexia decided to try some sharp cheese. She bought some at the store. When she tried it it was too strong. She couldn't handle the taste. Alexia decided to throw it out.
Dan had always wanted to see the Pacific Northwest. He looked for houses in the area to buy. Everything he found was way out of his price range. Suddenly Dan found a manufactured he could afford. He immediately called the agent to buy it.
I was bored one day. So I decided I wanted to learned to knit. I got a book. It taught how to knit a scarf. I ended up making a good one.
Nala wanted an inground pool in her yard. She saved up as much money as she could. Then she had an installation company come to her house. They measured and filled and prepared. Then, finally, they set up Nala's new inground pool!
My college roommate Bill was an avid rock climber. He once invited me to go climbing with him. I accepted his invitation. I spent ten seconds hanging by a carabiner before screaming for help. Bill dragged me to safety, swearing he'd never seen such a baby!
Jack asked Joan to marry him. Joanie admired the ring that Jack put on her finger. She told her mom about the proposal so they could plan the wedding. Joanie wanted a small intimate wedding without a long engagement. Joanie became Jack's wife just a month later.
Sara was getting married. She needed a bouquet, fast! Her neighbor offered Sara roses from his garden. Sara picked them gratefully. She had a lovely fresh rose bouquet for her wedding!
Ronda was always a fighter. She considered herself the best. One day she got into a fight that she lost easily. It crushed her. She realized perception isn't reality.
Cathy got off the bus. She walked up the street. On her way she seen something in the road. She walked up to it. She discovered a pair of shoes.
Tim started dating a new girl. She had wild mood swings. She told Tim she was bi polar. Tim tried to deal with it. Unfortunately it was too much and they broke up.
Water is an amazing drink and solvent. I used to drink soda all the time. The soda would cause me to break out with acne. Then I learned about water and its benefits. My face cleared up when I replaced soda with water.
Noah had a cold. He sniffled for days. Finally he bought some cold medicine. He took it as directed for two days. After two days, Noah felt better.
Frank entered his apartment after finishing work. He was greeted by a blast of heat to his face. It wasn't long before the air conditioning was on full blast. Frank decided he needed to keep the air conditioning on all night. His electric bill at the end of the month was expensive.
Claire went shopping for perfume one day. She sniffed all the vials at the department store. Then she bought her favorite. But when she got home, she cringed. She had accidentally purchased men's cologne!
Cathy was holding a surprise party for her boyfriend. Cathy needed a DJ to play music for the party. After searching Craigslist, Cathy found a DJ. After meeting with the DJ, Cathy decided to hire the DJ for the party. Cathy was glad that she found a DJ for her boyfriend's birthday party.
Vicky is a single widow. Things haven't been the same since her husband passed. Her friends decide to get her out of the house. They take her out to dance. Vicky really enjoys her time out on the dance floor.
Robert hated Tim from work. He got on his last nerve for some reason. Last week he almost punched him. Instead he took a moment to breathe and walked away. He felt he made the right decision.
Floating 500 miles above Earth astronauts were doing research. They were in space to repair the Space Station and stock supplies. This was Ben's first trip so he was very excited. Their mission took them about 3 months to complete. Once back on Earth they told everyone how beautiful space is.
Emma was surprised that she was nominated for Homecoming court. She was embarrassed at first. She was afraid that the other kids would look at her differently. Then friends explained that they voted for her because she is nice. Emma felt much better about her nomination.
Mavis was mowing the yard one April day. She got close to a large rock in her yard. One she approached it, hornets came flying out of the ground. They stung Mavis on her shin repeatedly. Mavis ran inside screaming, and never mowed her yard.
Joe's family owned a small restaurant. It had been in the family for several generations. Joe grew up helping his parents and grandparents work there. One day, Joe went to the restaurant and found it was on fire. Joe and his family have now lost their life's work.
Tara was taking a hike in the woods. She found a red colored mushroom on the ground. She decided to eat the mushroom. Tara immediately fell ill. She had to go to the emergency for eating a poisonous mushroom.
Sally was upset with her boyfriend. One night she heard a pebble hit her window. She went out to look and saw her boyfriend. He had a rose and sang her a song. She forgave him and they made up.
Zack was always picking on his younger brother Josh. One day Josh got tired of being bullied. Josh hauled off and hit Zack square in the nose. Zack had blood everywhere. Zack has learned not to pick on his younger brother.
Tim had a candy bar. It was all his. Jay was sad that he didn't have one. Tim decided to share. They both ended up very happy.
Little Chris was very sad. His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus! But on Christmas eve, his mom called him downstairs. There, Chris's dad, in Santa costume, was leaving presents. Chris's faith in Santa Claus was renewed!
It was cold in my house. I looked for a blanket. The one I found was too small. I found a bigger blanket. I covered myself with the blanket.
Anita had a feeling her flight to Hawaii wasn't going to be good. First, she almost missed her flight. But once in the air, an unexpected thunderstorm started. The flight attendants had to sit strapped in. Anita almost used the bathroom on herself during the flight.
Jane was trying to take a nap. She heard a loud bang in the kitchen. It woke her up. A dish had fallen off the counter. Jane picked it up and went back to sleep.
The man tasted the food. He added salt. His wife took a taste. She thought it was too salty. The man verbally disagreed.
Gary was incredibly tired. He'd been running on full throttle for days. Gary finally sat down and almost instantly began to doze off. The phone rang with an important call just as he fell into sleep. Someone also knocked on his door at the same time.
I drove to the gym today. I went to the front desk to check in. The front desk clerk assigned me a locker. I put my coat and keys in the gym locker. I walked into the weightlifting room.
The other weekend my fiance and I visited Philadelphia. We are considering moving there in a year or so. We went to check out the houses and met with few realtors. Ultimately, we both really enjoyed the city. We decided we will likely move there this time next year.
I moved into my parent's house to save money. I worked all the time and saved everything. After awhile, I looked for a condo that suited me. I found the condo of my dreams. After saving so much money, I bought the condo in full!
Gary woke up late and missed the bus. He lied to his mom and said he didn't feel well. Gary spent the day eating junk food and playing video games. When his mom got home she saw he was perfectly fine. Gary's mom made him clean the whole house as punishment.
Mary wanted to buy a new dress. She went to a department store to find one. She was overwhelmed by the vast variety of options. Eventually she settled on one she liked. She was excited to find it was the perfect fit for her.
Howie is delivering a pizza. While on the road he runs over something. He gets out to see what he hit. He had hit a large piece of glass. Howie was late delivering the pizza due to his car trouble.
My boyfriend Zac broke up with me the day before my birthday. I had invited him to my sweet 16 party. He decided to come, even though we had broken up. He and a friend locked themselves in the bathroom and hooked up. They ruined my birthday party.
The Goldbergs loved parades. Last Saturday they went to sleep extra early. They woke up even earlier and headed downtown. There they got the best seats for the holiday parade. They loved every minute of it.
This was Lila's first time camping with her family. At night, her father had lit a roaring campfire. Lila and her family sat around the fire and told ghost stories. Afterwards, they roasted marshmallows and ate s'mores. Lila would never forget how much fun she had around the campfire.
I baked a batch of chocolate chip cookies. They were still gooey in the middle. I gave one to my son. He got chocolate all over his face. I wiped his mouth off with a napkin.
The Smith's loved cooking together as a family. But one day Little Jimmy left a towel on the stove with the burner on. The towel caught fire and the Smith's had to call 911. They all got out safe and sound. They learned that they have to watch the younger ones better.
My sister was annoying me by shouting. I pushed her away to stop her. However, she got mad and smacked me with a controller. My head ended up bleeding. She ran for a towel and started to put pressure on the spot.
Matthew wanted a game console for his birthday. He was very excited as he unwrapped his presents. He unwrapped the large box last. Inside was a Wii U. Matthew was very happy.
Jake was riding horses with his dad. They were trotting along when a snake slithered by. Jake's horse was scared and reared up on it's legs. Soon his horse was sprinting from the area. Jake held on tight until he finally regained control.
Today I went to the mall. I was going shopping. I went into a bunch of different stores. I couldn't find anything I liked. So I left the mall.
Vance was a normally very quiet person. He liked to talk about his interests though. At a work gathering, someone mentioned how quiet he was. Soon afterwards, they mentioned one of his hobbies. He began talking about it and went on for an hours straight.
Jesse couldn't believe her luck. She was selected to represent her school. It was for the international spelling bee contest. She practiced really hard for the upcoming spelling bee contest. Jesse made it all the way to second place.
My mom's dog was getting very fat. My mom knew she wasn't feeding her too much. So, my mom took her to the vet. The vet declared that the dog was pregnant. Now, my mom has four dogs.
Tyrone hated to do the dishes. So did everyone in their family. They had lots of dirty dishes in the sink. When it was time for dinner there were no dishes! They finally had to wash them.
My husband bought my son an Xbox One. He was very excited when he saw it. He smiled very big. He gave my husband a big hug. He told him thank you and he loved him.
Laura was eating slim jims. Someone told her they weren't real meat. She read off every single ingredient and proved her wrong. Then she kept reading random ingredients and annoying everyone. People learned never to talk to Laura.
Our son is silly when it comes to drinking fluids. He only likes to drink milk. Doesn't even like to drink juice! He will also only drink from one type of cup. He is very silly to say the least.
I decided to move back in with my parents. I wanted to save my money and buy a house. I was nervous as I moved my stuff in. I ended up saving way more than expected and got a house. I was so happy that made that decision.
Tony was tending to his farm chores one morning. Suddenly, he heard a commotion and saw his horse break free. The animal rushed down the road and off into nature. Tony called up some of his friends to try to wrangle the horse. Luckily they were able to catch him quickly.
Ted left his house to check the mail. When walking to the mailbox, he noticed it was broken. He walked back inside and grabbed his tools. Ted went out to the mailbox and worked on it. After a minute of hard work, the mailbox looked great again.
Jessie and Rod hadn't eaten lunch yet. They didn't have a lot of money between them. The two decided to share a meal. Jessie and Rod ordered a kid's meal and an extra drink. They were starving when they got home.
I told my wife I was going to make pizza for dinner tonight. I went to the store and got all of the ingredients. When I got home I started making the pizza. I put it in the oven for twenty minutes. When it was done cooking, we ate it and found it delicious!
Ted woke up very late one morning. He had planned to have pancakes and bacon, but it was too late. He would miss the bus if he made himself his hot breakfast! He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning. Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again!
Harrah was folding merchandise in the back of the store. She investigated a commotion that was coming from the cash registers. A woman confronted her about a purchase that she wanted to return. Harrah informed the woman they did not carry that brand. The woman left in embarrassment.
David was extremely thirsty. He went to check the fridge for water. The fridge was empty so he decided to go to the store. He got dressed and headed out the door. When he got to the store he grabbed a water and drank it.
Greg was at the gym. There was a guy working out there. The guy would constantly make noises. Greg asked him to stop. He wouldn't listen.
The couple had been having problems. They turned to their therapist to help them. The woman helped them talk about their problems. They learned a lot about each other. Their relationship got a lot better.
When Alex's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge. Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town. He puts an ad in craigslist renting out the rooms. When his parents come home early they are furious. They ground Alex for six months.
Keith saw something shiny in the dirt. It was a pretty marble. He picked it up and cleaned it off. Keith took the marble home to his daughter. She loved the new toy!
Tom loved eating delicious food. Tom was very hungry. Tom searched online for restaurants that deliver. Tom found a thai restaurant. Tom ordered the thai food and loved it.
The threw up blood. He went to the doctor. He was diagnosed with ulcers. He changed his diet. The ulcers cleared up.
All her life Elle was a big comic book fan. Year after year, she hoped for a chance to go to Comic Con. She really wanted to meet her favorite comic book artists. This year on her birthday, her mother gave her a plain white envelope. Inside were plane tickets to San Diego and tickets to Comic Con.
Makenzie and Annie had a sleepover on Saturday. The two of them sat up until 3 AM laughing and talking. On Sunday morning they had to get up early for church. It was really funny when they both started snoring in the service. Even the Pastor laughed at them!
Bob got a new job. He's now a clown at the circus. He was nervous because clowns get a bad rap. The kids ended up loving him. He was overjoyed.
Cath started a large garden in her backyard. She spends every day tending to her vegetables. Her produce reflects her passion. Each veggie is large and ready to pick. Cath is enjoying her harvests.
Kim loved ice cream. She loved it so much that she wanted to become a vendor. Kim saved up a lot of money to buy an ice cream truck. When she got it, she quickly began serving ice cream for very cheap. Kim was in it for sharing ice cream, not for the money.
Fred and James were in a big abandoned area. James got lost somewhere. Fred looked for him for an hour. After that, fred just drove back home. James called the cops for a way back
Ollie was opening birthday presents. The biggest present was a car toy he had really wanted. He opened the box and tried to use it. For some reason, the toy was broken and wouldn't turn on. Ollie's parents had to go to the store and replace the toy.
Jane fell into deep sleep one night. She had a really scary nightmare. She had to force herself to wake up. Jane was unable to fall asleep again after that. She was scared for the entire next day.
Anna's aunt died. On the morning of the funeral, Anna was distraught. She prayed for a sign from her aunt. Then she looked up and saw a cloud shaped just like an angel. Anna was touched and relieved by the sign.
Herman had never left his hometown. He met a friend from New York City. The friend invited Herman to come to New York to visit. Herman drove there on a motorcycle. Herman was glad he went on such an exciting adventure.
Alma was helping her son with his work. He had to find European companies' websites. Alma did her best, but she was not computer-savvy. She found almost no information for him! Luckily, her son smiled understandingly and forgave her.
I was talking on my phone in the car the other day. Since I wasn't paying attention I ran a stop sign. Soon I noticed flashing police lights in my mirror. I was pulled over and given a ticket for running the stop sign. That's why I need to work some overtime this week.
I always wanted to go to Saint Croix. For our 25th wedding anniversary, my husband and I went there. We loved the beauty of the land and sea. It is so beautiful there. Now we have decided we are going to move there!
Mom's vase sat on a shelf. As I was cleaning yesterday, I knocked it over. It was her favorite. I did not know what to do so I hid it. Mom found out and ground me for a month.
One time I was staying at my girlfriend's house. I was very ill and puking up weird liquids. She asked her dad to drive me to the ER at 3 in the morning. He did, and it turned out I had pneumonia. They sent me home after around 13 hours with medication.
Mark was racing down the freeway. He hit the median. His car rolled several times. Mark was ejected from the sportscar. He was rushed to the hospital.
Joan was a poor college student. She decided to get a part time job. She applied as a waitress at a restaurant. She got the job and worked 20 hours per week there. She made a lot in tips, and eventually, was no longer poor.
Tory was shopping with her brothers, she couldn't find anything. After walking around, she noticed a man putting shoes into a bag. She walked to an associate to tell them what was happening. The associated listened, but then walked away. When leaving, Tory saw two security guards pulling the man outside.
We have a mischievous cat. She scratches surfaces on occasion. Last week my wife noticed some scratches on the sofa. She bought a special anti pet sofa cover. We hope that will help.
Jim lost his debit card. He was worried someone else would use it. He called to have it cancelled. There were no transactions on it he wasn't aware of. He felt lucky as he got a replacement.
Heidi needed five more dollars to buy a game. Her mom told her she must earn the money. Heidi found some lemons and decided to make lemonade. Heidi's lemonade was a neighborhood hit. She quickly earned more than enough to buy her game.
Jim took the kettle out of the stove. He also took out a glass from the cabinet. He tried to pour the steaming water into the glass. It fell on his arm. He was extremely burnt and couldn't stay still.
Matt was at the Miami Heat game. The Heat were losing by 10 with two minutes left. Matt left the arena to get a jump on traffic. He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime. He tried to get back in the arena, but the doors were locked.
Lulu was very excited to attend her local county fair. She decided that she was most looking forward to eating a funnel cake. When she got to the fair, she looked far and wide for the cakes. To her dismay, there were no cakes to be found. Lulu had to settle with eating deep fried Oreos, instead.
Terry is a girl looking for extra cash. She applied for some part time jobs. Nobody would hire her. A friend told her about a babysitting job. She accepted the job and earned money as a babysitter.
I saw an ad for a new GPS watch a few weeks ago. I researched it on Amazon dot com and fell in love with it. Not only does it tell time but can help you if you get lost. It's for hikers but can also be worn at formal events. I plan on buying it as soon as I save enough money.
Nick decided to go on a blind date with Anna. He sent Anna his picture so she would know who she was meeting. They decided to meet at a bar the following night. Nick was late getting to the bar, which made Anna upset. Anna decided she was not interested in Nick, and left.
The alarm bell rang in the firehouse. The firefighters quickly put on their coats, boots, and hats. The firefighters ran to the fire trucks. The big doors of the firehouse swung open. The fire trucks raced towards the fire.
Pete was fat. Pete decided that he didn't want to be fat anymore. He went to the gym four days out of every week. He worked very hard at the gym, lifting weights and running. After a year Pete was very thin.
Alicia carries her groceries into her house and locks herself out. She tries all of the home's doors and windows but they are locked. Alicia spots her son's first floor bedroom window as a possible entry. Alicia yanks the air conditioner out of the window. She sets it down and successfully climbs through the window.
My friend and I stepped on the boat. We began to sail off in the ocean. My friend tried to walk to the front of the boat. His leg cracked a hole in the ground. It well into the water and I had to help him out.
Tom got home one night. The front door lock was busted. Tom called the cops immediately. They didn't find anything missing or moved. Tom never figured out what happened.
Amber feels overweight and unhealthy. She buys a treadmill for her home. Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks. She realizes she has lost 10 pounds. Amber is very proud of herself.
Miguel started school today. Miguel was very excited. Miguel's teacher gave him homework on the first day. Miguel was not happy. Miguel spent all evening doing his homework.
A man hired a contractor to make him a cement walkway. The man didn't pay the contractor for months. The contractor decided to get revenge. He poured a big load of cement onto the man's front door. The man was now trapped in his own house.
The man collected bags. He stored them all over his house. His collection got really big. The man bought a storage unit. He moved all of his bag there.
Jane was afraid of heights. She decided to face her fears. She booked a skydiving expedition. Jane was scared but powered through it. It was an intense experience that Jane appreciated.
I was frustrated by my husband's lack of appreciation for soup. Unlike Jim, my husband, I am a fan of soup. I became determined to win Jim over to my way of thinking. Every day for a week, I presented Jim with a new delicious flavor. In the end, he had to agree that soup is delicious.
Gina's sisters had ditched her. She sat in her room with the window open looking for them. Some neighborhood kids walked by. Gina began yelling out the window at the kids. She wanted them to wait, but they kept walking as she yelled at them.
Tricia called her friend and invited her to the park for a picnic. She packed her picnic basket with food for the both of them. They met at the park and ate at the picnic table. They cleaned their mess and decided to go for a walk. They walked the trail after dinner, and talked about life.
The boy jumped in the air. The dad jumped higher. The boy tried to jump as high as his dad. He could not even come close. The boy thought his dad was an amazing jumper.
The road to recovery was long. He went an entire week without drinking. He wanted to cave so badly. She was firm and refused to buy any. He was angry but understood.
Jimmy rode around his block in his shiny new SUV. He honked his horn as he passed his friends playing basketball. They all stood there in awe at his new prize. Then he looked in his mirror and saw red and blue lights flashing. Jimmy opened the door and jumped out and started running.
I met my step son when he was 4 years old. I fell in love with him at first sight. It took him a while longer to warm up to me. I remember talking him for a walk and trying to hold his hand. He let me know right away I was not the momma.
Joey bought a drum set. He set it up in his basement. He started to play along to a song on the radio. His neighbors were annoyed by the noise. They called the police to file a noise complaint!
Terry had a sore tooth. It hurt so bad he could not sleep Finally, he had enough and called his dentist. The next day he went to his appointment. After it was done, he did not hurt anymore.
My niece's youngest child is 9. Bob has behavioral issues. If he does not get what he wants, he swears and acts out. Last week he punched two holes into the wall. His mom is scheduling therapy sessions for him.
Barry wanted to join a tennis team. He signed up for a class. They practiced a lot. He didn't know if he wanted to keep at it. He quit at last.
Crystal was an excellent singer. Unfortunately she was very shy. She only sang when she thought she was completely alone. One day a passing producer heard her singing to herself. He immediately asked her to sign a contract for a record deal.
Arnold wanted everything in his house to be the color green. He bought green dye to put in his water so he could drink green water. The first time he took a shower he came out dyed completely green. He liked the look and decided to go with it. Now his quest for a total green life was complete.
It was the early 90's, Tupac was popular but not yet Hip-hop deity. We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun. While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls. One girl walked past Tupac and didn't look back when Tupac flirted. So Tupac hit her in the back of the head with an ashtray.
Tim and Bill decided to go ice skating. They got their skates out of the closet. Then they walked out to their car. They drove to the ice rink. They parked the car and went into the ice rink and had fun skating.
Kay wanted to throw a dinner party. Her husband agreed and invited their friends. Kay made sure everything was perfect! The day after the party, all her friends called her. They told her they had had a wonderful time!
Tom's family was taking a trip. They decided to go by train. They got their own sleeping quarter. The family spent their time eating and having fun. Tom loved train rides from there on out.
When Ellen was sixteen she dropped out of school. She hated going to classes and wanted to work to earn money. But then she found that almost no one would hire her. She had to accept a part-time job waitressing. Ellen wished she had stayed in school!
Marge had to go to the doctor. Lately she had been feeling very sick. She made an appointment. The doctor told her she had anemia. She started taking iron supplements and felt much better.
Chris wanted to learn how to speak German. He bought several review books. He created a routine that consists of 1 hour study sessions daily. His school gave him a study abroad scholarship four years later. He was able to travel to Germany and improve his language skills.
Dan took his daughter to the shoe store to get some new shoes. Dan allowed his daughter to choose her brand new shoes. After a hour of searching, Dan's daughter chose shiny red shoes. Dan helped his daughter try on her shoes. Dan decided to purchase the shoes, and let her wear them home.
Keith is skiing on the Mountains. He is having the time of his life. Keith is going to fast down the slope. He hits a hidden rock and ascends into the air. Keith falls on his neck crushing his spine.
My husband and I took Sam and Kelton bowling. The bowling alley was packed and all the lanes were full. On Sam's turn, he told us he was a pro and to watch how good he was. Sam threw the ball, it flew over two alleys and hit another ball. We screamed and Sam then announced he had never bowled in his life!
I went to my employer's annual blood drive. A volunteer gave me some forms to fill out. When I turned in the forms, a lab tech set me up for the donation. I sat in a comfortable chair while I donated blood. When I was all done, a staff member gave me a cookie and juice.
One day there was a terrible snow storm. The power went out all over the city. Mable and her cat were stranded inside. They only had cat food to eat. Thankfully, the cat was willing to share her food with Mabel.
Dawson had studied hard for his math test. He thought he had done well. When his teacher handed it back, he saw he had failed it! He'd never gotten an F before. Dawson was so depressed!
I had canvas shoes that were beginning to wear out. I bought canvas patches and fabric glue. I patched up my shoes. A week later the patches came loose. I ended up buying a new pair of shoes.
Robert was just coming off an injury to his leg. He was recovering nicely but he had a basketball game on Friday. The coach let him skip gym class to go work on his footwork. Robert got a couple extra hours of practice in and felt a lot better. Robert had one of the best games of his career on Friday.
Jim was an avid surfer. He would always try to catch big waves. There were reports of heavy winds one weekend. Jim decided to go out into the storm to surf. He was never seen again.
Nala loved horses and horseback riding. She desperately wanted to go to jockey camp, but it was expensive. She decided to try to raise the money by selling baked goods. She baked lots of cookies and brownies and sold them door-to-door. They were so delicious, her neighbors bought enough to pay for camp!
My sister-in-law's birthday was July 27th. She is very fussy. My son asked her for suggestions. At her request, he got a subscription to a soap opera magazine. She was very happy.
Meg's mom was distraught when she found lice in her daughter's hair. Out of spite, Meg said she caught the lice from a girl she despised. Meg's mom called the girl's mother. The next day at school, Meg saw the girl she blamed. The girl was crying and her hair was hacked short.
Andrew was playing in a baseball game. He was running to home. The ball was being thrown in and Andrew slid. Andrew tore up his pants. Andrew had to buy a new pair of pants.
Miranda wanted a haircut. Her hairstylist wasn't available. She would try a different stylist. She was nervous about the haircut. After the cut was done, Miranda decided she liked the new haircut.
Rebecca got a call from family to go home to visit her dad. Her dad's health had been declining and he didn't have much time left. She flew home immediately and began taking care of him. What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving. She ended up staying two Year's giving him care before he died.
The man loaded his gun. He aimed the gun at a target. He pulled the trigger. The gun did not fire. The man had loaded the wrong bullets in the gun.
Maria decided to build a sand castle at the beach. She gathered together a shovel and a bucket. Maria spent two hours building a castle. Maria went to get her camera to take a picture. When she got back, her sand castle was washed away.
Evan had bought a new computer. He took all his important files off his old computer. Evan knew his grand-daughter needed a computer. He gave his old computer to the young girl. She was able to use it in her school work.
Eddy loved to catch eels. One day, he caught over 100 eels in an afternoon. He went to the zoo to donate the eels. The zoo accepted and thanked him for the eels. Eddy drove home feeling good about his donation.
Jim took a walk out late one night. He saw police activity ahead but didn't worry. Then a police truck pulled up next to him and he began to worry. The policeman advised him to walk around the area safely. Jim thanked the nice officer and they moved on.
The men went on a march. It was very hot out. One of the men got dehydrated. The man collapsed. The men stopped marching to assist.
I went to the shoe store to get some new boots. The clerk asked me my size and I told him I'm a size ten. The first pair of boots he brought out felt a little big. The clerk told me I am actually a size nine. He brought out a smaller pair and I was amazed how well it fit.
Jim allowed Hannah to stay in his house since she lost her house. In the morning, he brought some soup for her. After she took a sip, she threw the bowl on the ground. She also demanded that he cooks something else for her. After that, he decided to kick her out of the house.
The holidays were coming up. Tom knew he would need more money. He worked extra hours at work. He was able to save up and get everyone gifts. Tom's family really appreciated his effort.
Max's dog was a messy eater. Max decided to buy her different bowls. He bought bigger ones and put them on a mat. The dog didn't make a mess anymore! Max was happy he didn't have to clean up spills anymore.
Vanessa's dog was sick. She took him to the vet. The vet said he needed some medicine. The medication cost $200! Vanessa grudgingly paid the vet.
Gary was a decent golfer. However, his swing needed a little work. He decided to hire a pro to help him. He took lessons twice a week. Gary's swing improved and he won a tournament.
Amy was watching a show at her friend's house. Amy's mother arrived to pick her up. She asked her friend what channel the show was on. Her friend gave her the channel number as Amy ran to the car. Amy couldn't remember the channel and missed the show finish.
Tina had a spot on her face that would not clear up. She went to the doctor and he removed a part of the spot. A day later, she received news from him that is was cancerous. Tina had surgery to remove the spot. It left a huge scar, but Tina was now cancer free.
Carl works at a clock shop. He spends a lot of time watching time tick by. Today, he was watching videos on the job. His boss wasn't there. Time ticked by faster for him today
All my life I just wanted my dad to be proud of me. Whenever I did something good he wouldn't congratulate me. I felt like he didn't care about me or love me. Then, my first son was born. My dad finally congratulated me on my successful life!
Susie was trying to find her way home. All the sudden she got lost. It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.
Lyndsey has been having children since she was 14 years old. By the age of 23 she had 4 kids. She had to grow up fast because she was a single parent as well. It Is very hard for her but she somehow does it. Some days she is very tired but she is proud of herself.
Ana liked being prepared. She would always make her lunch for the week in advance. For the current week Ana had made herself stew. Because it smelled so good, all her coworkers asked for some. Ana's stew only lasted a single day that week!
June was supposed to get a gift for a secret Santa exchange. She didn't have a lot of money and planned on waiting for awhile. It started getting so close to Christmas that she had to buy the gift. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be shipped in time for Christmas. Even though the gift arrived late, the giftee still appreciated it.
A kid named jared was playing with his dog. One moment they are playing happily. Suddenly, the boy looks around and his dog was gone. He wondered where his dog could be and began to call for him. His dog ran out from behind a tree and the two played some more.
Kim's mom had done her hair. She put braids in her hair with barrettes on the ends. Her mother told her to keep her hands out of her hair. But Kim played in her hair all day long. Before she got home she realized she had lost a barrette.
Terry's skin looked terrible. He bought new face wash. He washed with it twice a day. Soon, his skin improved. Terry was happy to be on the right track.
John had a deathly fear of heights. One day he came home from work to see a cat up a tree. It was his daughter's favorite kitty. He climbed very high up into the tree to rescue the cat. It was worth it when John was hugged tightly by his little girl.
Eight year old Barry was an avid storyteller. He loved to write stories about adventures in outer space. His teacher was holding a writing contest. Barry wrote a story about being the first person to land on Mars. The story was so creative that he won the contest.
While staying at their beach hotel, Ben and Dani witnessed a storm. One night just after the sun went down, it became very windy. They sat on the balcony and watched as lightning began to flash. The sky turned a beautiful shade of purple as thunder crashed. It was exciting and scary for them to watch the storm quickly pass.
Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school. She was happy to be going home after finishing school. Joanna wasn't paying attention to where she was walking. Joanna fell into a puddle of mud. Joanna felt embarrassed as she felt all eyes on her.
Kate and her friends were at a boring club in Las Vegas. They tried to enjoy themselves. But it was pointless. They finally admitted to each other they were having no fun at all. They packed up their things and left the club.
Jim ordered a lasagna. He couldn't decide if using a spoon or fork was more appropriate. He asked his girlfriend for advice. His girlfriend told him he was being silly. Thankfully there were some sporks available at the counter.
Kumiko entered the hotel on a Friday evening. She waited ten minutes before anyone showed up to the front desk. The hotel staff then provided her with the wrong key to her room. Kumiko needed to go back down and exchange the key. She left a bad review on the hotel's website.
Tom had been sick for a while. He couldn't afford to go to the doctor. Due to changes in the law he was able to get insurance. Tom was finally checked out by a professional. He was able to get his problem cured.
Eric went to the zoo with his family. His favorite exhibit there was the lions. He was looking at a female lion through the glass display. All of a sudden the lion leaped at the glass. Eric ran away crying in terror.
Amy thought Adam was so cute! But he was seventeen and she was sixteen. She thought he could never like her back. Then ken day she found a sweet note in her locker. It was from Adam, asking her to prom!
Anna gobbled the food on her plate way too fast. When she was finished, she was stuck. She tried dislodging the food with water. She tried to eat bread without success. In the end she had to wait until the food reached her stomach.
my dad was a marine in Vietnam. he never spoke of it much and i always wondered about it. one day he told me and my brother about watching his friend die. they were making landing on a beach and his friend's head exploded while he had a wound from a landmine i think he felt guilt.
Michael wasn't having a great day. His girlfriend saw this. She took him to a puppy play zone. Michael got to sit and play with puppies for hours. Michael feels much happier today.
Jennifer and Bill went walking around the neighborhood. They saw a woman looking into a tree with a pair of binoculars. The women claimed that it was a nest with baby eagles. Jennifer knew that it was not an eagle nest, but a osprey nest. The women was happy to know that nesting osprey were in her backyard.
Benjamin placed food in the microwave for the first time. He wasn't aware that heating metal can ruin the microwave. After the bowl was heated for a couple of seconds, it exploded. The microwave caught on fire. Benjamin's parents quickly distinguished the flames.
There is a vacuum that cleans a pool. I learned to start it with someone else. It took both hands. But I was able to start it alone. My boss was happy with me.
Matt wanted to sell his house and build a new one. He liked his old house but wanted a new one. He met with the builders and got plans. They then met with an agent to get his listed. They finally sold it to a nice young couple that loved it.
Lindsey was in a film class. She had to make a movie for a project. She worked really hard on it all year. When it was time to share she was so nervous. Luckily, everyone loved it and praised her.
Kim was using a computer at a public library for research. But there was an old woman next to her who could barely type. Kim began to laugh at how slow the old woman was. And she burst out laughing when her dentures fell on the keyboard. Kim continued to laugh and smile as she was kicked out of the library.
Eric was playing catch with his dog. Eric threw a tennis ball. The ball went too far and landed in a pond. His dog jumped into the pond. Eric had to wait until his dog was dry before they could go home.
It was the fourth of July. Justin and Tina had taken their toddler out for the day. He was watching his first fireworks show. The noise was so loud and he began to cry. His parents decided to take him home.
Joan walked to the store to buy some food. She soon found a man begging for change. Joan thought about how she could help. Joan bout some bread and water for the man. The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave.
I worked for a transit authority, the MBTA. We used to have a library with transportation books and documents. The librarian, George Sanborn, was an icon in the mass transit world. After he died the state named the library after him. Ironically, the MBTA sent all of the books into storage.
Gracie is in first grade and loves to read. Her teacher gives her special books to take home every night. Gracie likes to read the stories to her family. She gets excited when she learns new words. She wants to keep reading every day.
Molly and Beth were excited to go to the county fair together! At the fair, they rode the carousel and the ferris wheel. Molly's mother bought pink cotton candy for them to share. Beth won a goldfish and Molly won a stuffed bear. It was a fun-filled day that the two girls would remember.
I went to get a haircut yesterday. I was quite disappointed about it. It was cut too short. I felt trapped. Finally I got a wig and felt better.
MaryAnne did not want to start kindergarten. She was afraid her teacher would be mean. She would rather stay at home. MaryAnne's mother tried to reassure her. When she came home from her first day, she couldn't wait to go back!
Ramon loved baseball. He practiced at the batting cages every day. When the season started he joined the local team. Unlike Ramon his teammates did not practice seriously. Despite putting points on the board his team lost the first game.
Amy had a college due in her art class. She threw something together quickly and handed it in. They next day the college was hung on the wall outside of class. She confessed to the teacher she hadn't really put in effort. The teacher told her she didn't need to because she was natural.
It has been a hot summer in Boston. We had many days in the nineties. We had the ac on a lot this year. Last night the temperature dropped to the sixties. We slept under blankets for the first time this summer.
Holly had just started school. Her mother dropped her off at school. Holly began to cry when her mother left. Her mother returned in the afternoon. Holly said she didn't want to go back.
I met my cousin Erik under the fig tree to talk. We hid there when we visited my grandma's house. He wanted me out there so I could get away from my parents. He told me stories and really listened to me. I loved him because he gave me attention.
I used to pitch for my high school baseball team. I was a very good pitcher. I spent my weekends throwing fastballs with my dad. All that practice really helped me out. I feel like I had developed a perfect fastball.
Linda was busy studying for a long test. She did not have time to eat. Her stomach began growling during the exam. But her kind teacher tossed her a granola bar. Afterwards, Linda never forgot to eat before class.
Hugh had a bad accident when he was young. This accident caused Huge to have a long scar on his face. As a youth, Hugh was made fun of, and was embarrased. As Hugh grew older, he decided to hide his shame on his face. Now Hugh wears a thick beard, and no one can see his scar.
Jim awoke earlier than usual this past Saturday. Almost like a child he dressed and scrambled for his gear. Within minutes he was down the road and at the gates of the park. He was anxious but assured himself he'd be on time. Before finishing his first turn around the pond, he saw her.
Tom loved basketball. He forgot his shoes one day. He decided to play in low-cut sneakers. He rolled his ankle. He injured his ankle because he forgot proper footwear.
Shelly was feeling hungry one day at home. She looked around her kitchen for snacks. To her surprise, there weren't any snacks in the cabinets. While looking, she noticed an ad for a pizza company. Shelly called the number, and ordered a large pepperoni.
The family went on a road trip across the country. They stopped at the grand canyon to view the scenery. They took pictures posing next to the canyons. The dad dropped the camera and it shattered. He was able to buy another one to snap more pictures on their trip.
Pat sat down to eat some french fries. He grabbed the salt shaker to salt his fries. The lid came off mid-shake. The fries were covered in salt. He brushed them off and ate them anyway.
Annie's car was having problems. She took it to her mechanic. He said it would be a costly fix. Annie decided her car wasn't worth the expense. She had it towed to the junkyard.
Tom was an American soldier. Tom's unit was deployed to serve in Iraq. Tom was in a truck which ran over a roadside bomb. Tom was badly injured, but survived. Tom now walks with a limp and scars and a soldier's pride.
Tom asked a group of his friends to go to the movies. Everyone arrived at the movie theater and chose a movie. After buying tickets, they all bought some popcorn and pop. Tom and his friends sat in the front row to watch the movie. After the movie was over, they all went home.
I was job hunting online today. I applied for several jobs. I read the qualifications of the jobs. Some of the jobs I didn't qualify for. I put my resume in the database.
Sabir loved the outdoors. He would go hiking every chance he could. One sunny day Sabir decided to hike in the state park. He discovered an old silver dollar along a lesser explored path. The coin was appraised and was worth thousands of dollars.
Annie was supposed to mail the check for the power bill. She forgot, so the power was shut off. She told her boss that she'd given it to Tom. She made a fake entry on her calendar saying she'd done it. Tom got a stern lecture from his boss.
It had rained for hours. A huge puddle had formed outside. The kids all jumped in it. They were covered in mud! They decided to hose themselves off and then get dry.
Jane loved to ride her bike. He decided to go on a ride this weekend. She took her bike on top of a mountain. She rode down the steep mountain. It was great exercise for Jane.
Nancy first met Sam at the community college. He was enamored with her cool shades. She was impressed with his furry sideburns. They started meeting at the local fast food establishment. As the months passed, they could no longer deny they were a couple.
Mary was unsure about vaccines. She decided to read up more about them. She found different sources of information. Some seemed more legit than others. It helped Mary make up her mind about vaccines.
Josie was working at a shopping mall. A small boy approached and said that he was lost. Josie took his hand and helped him search the mall. They looked all over until they finally found his mom. She thanked Josie profusely for helping her little boy.
Abel was about to get his license. Abel had to practice driving with his dad. Abel took his first drive around the neighborhood with his dad. Abel accidentally ran over the curb. Abel's dad laughed and told him that mistakes happen.
Shawn was driving along a country road late one night. He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it. He went inside the front door and it was so dark. He tripped over some plaster on the floor and fell down. Shawn knew he should have brought a flashlight!
I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house. It has a very convenient location for me. It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour. I have a cabinet full of those pint glasses. I simply buy the tour any time I see a new employee.
Mike noticed it was raining outside. Then, he noticed water was coming from his ceiling, as well! He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer. When the weather was better, the roofer came to fix the leak. Mike was proud of himself for taking good care of his home.
Tom was excited because today he will learn how to drive. His father was taking him to a empty parking lot. Tom was scared and almost crashed into pole. Tom's father told him to relax. After Tom started driving better.
Sam was on a road trip. After a while he noticed he was on a bumpy highway. It didn't fix itself for miles. Eventually Sam realized it was his car, not the road. His suspension needed to be fixed.
I am Chinese. One day an eight year old boy made fun of my race. I stopped my bike and went to the boy. I offered to rearrange his face. He ran away, scared.
Jane was at a grocery store. And she wanted to buy milk. But she noticed that almond milk was on sale. Jane decided to try it. And only bought almond milk from then on.
Lucy really wanted to curl her hair. She needed to know how to do it. She asked her friend to help her. Her friend agreed and said yes. Thankfully when Lucy was done it looked great.
Jay and Will were walking down the street. Suddenly a bunch of birds started to fly all around them. They were very confused as to why the birds were acting this way. Jay realized they were standing on a bunch of birdseed. Will and Jay ran away from the swarm of hungry birds.
Jerry was feeling nostalgic. He wanted to watch shows from his childhood. He looked online for episodes of goosebumps. He loaded the episodes onto his tv set. Jerry then spent the afternoon watching old goosebumps episodes.
Chad loves Barry Bonds. Chad recently attended a spring training game just to see him. Chad got the opportunity to meet Barry Bonds on the field. Chad was overly excited when he met Barry Bonds. Chad ensured that he took a picture to remember the event.
Kim's windshield was nicked by a pebble on the highway. The next day she was going to work and saw the crack. The knick was spreading across her windshield fast. The crack was half her windshield wide. She was late for work as she waited for the windshield to be replaced.
Ann made a cake for her mother. She had made a lot of cakes, but this one used a new recipe. Ann was very nervous about if it would be as good as her other cakes. Ann's mother shared the cake with her friend, a restaurant owner. The restaurant owner loved it and hired Ann as the new pastry chef!
Dan loved playing various video games. Recently, Dan learned of a conference where fellow players met. Dan decided to attend the conference to meet other game players. Dan was glad to see different game players from all over the world. Dan could not wait for the next game players conference to happen.
Billy celebrated the new year. He had a really great party. It hit him he needed a new calendar. The next day he bought one on the way to work. He was so excited for it.
Shelly wanted to learn how to bake a cake. She found a cooking tutorial online. Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients. She spent the rest of the day baking her cake. Shelly was very excited with how the cake turned out!
The local grocery store did not take debit cards. I needed to find a way to pay with cash. I located an ATM across the street. I walked to it and withdrew some money. I walked back to the store and paid with cash.
Harry was on the high school basketball team. He began taking his training and practice very seriously. His coach told him to watch slow motion videos of NBA players. He began filming himself. He learned how to emulate the professional athletes skills well.
Heather was building her dream home. The construction was stalled. There were lots of permits that needed to be secured. Heather drove by every day. She was so relieved when she saw construction had started again.
Tina and her mom were driving on the highway. Tina was in the backseat listening to music. All the sudden a large SUV hit their car. Tina's car was flung to the other side of the road. It was scary but luckily they survived.
A police officer got a new patrol route. He wasn't familiar with the neighborhood. He spent a lot of time familiarizing himself with the street names. SOon he got to know everyone in the neighborhood. He was beginning to feel at home.
Jame is at the carnival. He wants to ride something scary. He gets on the roller coaster. He becomes very sick on the roller coaster. He vomits all over everyone on the ride.
I went skiing. I shared a locker with three people. One of them didn't show up on time. Our group left the mountain without us. We finally found our friend.
Timmy was playing in his backyard with a shovel. While digging, he found a small pile of sharp arrowheads. He took them to his mom who was very surprised. She called a local college and the professor sounded very interested. The professor offered them a lot of money to dig in their yard.
Olive wanted to visit her friend Lucy. She rode her bike to Lucy's house. Olive knocked on the door. No one was home. Olive rode her bike back to her house.
Daisy is working in her office when she feels contractions. She calls her husband to let him know that the baby is coming. Her husband rushes to her office to drive her to the hospital. While in the car, Daisy's water breaks. They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl.
Emily's cat loved to hunt in the garage. One afternoon, Emily went to check on her cat. She found her cat sitting calmly beside a snake. She figured the snake was dead, so she placed it outside. When Emily looked out later, the snake was gone.
Jill was afraid of the dark and wanted to fix it. Jill went to the store and asked around about good lamps. The employee said they didn't have many good ones. Jill went to a different store and found the perfect lamp. Jill plugged the lamp into her room and was very happy with the result.
September 1st, when leases end, is very busy in Allston, MA. My brother lives there and walked around that day. One person had put everything onto the sidewalk. The landlord said they had to clear a path or he would get fined. They cleared a path before the police arrived.
I wanted to plant a tomato plant. My garden is almost too small for it. I picked out the plant at the greenhouse. They helped me with my choice. So far it has been growing nicely.
I bought a wireless mouse. I thought it needed AAA batteries, and bought some. I opened the compartment and it needed AA batteries. I went to the store to get the right batteries. I finally got the mouse working.
Tim entered his school's annual costume contest. He sewed his own costume by hand. All the contestants had great costumes, and he worried. He doubted he'd even get an honorable mention. But to Tim's shock and joy, he won third place in the contest!
Jeff had too much to drink during band practice tonight. When he came home he sat in his favorite chair and passed out. While he was sleeping he began to choke on his saliva. The choking woke him up quite abruptly. Once he was done choking and coughing he passed back out.
My grandmother was knitting a blanket from yarn. She had several different colors. I asked her to put blue in it. She said that she would. She knit blue into the yarn blanket.
Julio was excited to plan his vacation. He started looking up information online. He found a really interesting resort in Bali. After booking the resort, he found a cheaper hotel nearby. He canceled the resort and booked the hotel instead.
Glen wanted to get a birthday present for his girlfriend. He searched online and scoured the mall for the best present. Eventually, he found a soft teddy bear. His girlfriend hated her gift! Glen never bought her a present again.
Joy finally got the kitten she wanted so badly. She just hoped the family's big dog wouldn't hurt her. Joy kept the kitten in her room so they could introduce them slowly. On the fifth morning, Joy woke to find her door open. She found the kitten and her dog sound asleep snuggling together.
Jamie had 4 rabbits at home. They were called Fluffy, Snowy, Ears and Hops. His mum named them for him. He wanted to call them all Jamie. His mum decided against it as she thought it was narcissistic.
Bruce has a dog that keeps trampling over my flower garden. I caught his dog doing that yesterday and put a collar on him. I took the dog over to bruce. I talked to Bruce about what has been happening. Bruce told me it would never happen again and I'm satisfied with that.
Becky and Hallie were home alone without any other kids. They decided they wanted to spend quality time together. Hallie asked Becky to play Barbies together. Becky agreed to play Barbies. They played Barbies all night long.
Waiting all day had finally paid off. I was one of the first of dozens into the store this morning. When the doors opened, I went straight to the electronics section. I got the tv, put it in a cart, and went straight to check out. Once it was paid for, I got in my vehicle and headed straight home.
Janice got out of her class when the bell rung. Since she was holding her books, she didn't see where she was walking. Unfortunately, her food hit a metal block on the floor. She immediately fell off of the ground. Lance helped her get up since she had a broken toe.
Patrick was a famous painter in town. He was commissioned to draw a mural from the mayor. He painted a mural of the town's history. The citizens went to see the mural. The people congratulated him for the amazing mural.
Kelly had a horrible temper. She had dinner with Heather and they got in a fight. Heather was horrified with how Kelly acted. The two women stormed out of the restaurant. They had made a huge scene.
Kaley took a cooler of food and drinks to the park. A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match. When a thunderstorm occurred, they decided to stay in a pavilion. The weather cleared up and they left the park. The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home.
Bob put his son in basketball in the third grade. His son was talent and aggressive. Although he kept tackling the other players for the ball on the court. He ended up fouling out of every game. Bob realized he needed to get his son into football instead.
Tom hated the way he looked in pictures. He would always try to avoid coming out in them. One day he was at a wedding. The photographer didn't take no for an answer. Tom had to eventually hide in the bathroom.
Nancy adopted a dog from the local shelter. She quickly found he had terrible separation anxiety when left alone. She really wanted to teach him that he had nothing to fear. Nancy spent a weekend leaving and returning for short time periods. By Sunday night, he was much more relaxed when she left the house.
He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building. He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help. The woman met him and explained quickly what was happening. He was amazed by what she told him and excused himself quickly. He had to get home and he had to find help.
My daughter wants to buy a big screen tv for her husband. Their tv has a dark stain on the screen. We offered to help with the purchase. She hesitated because the tv is $50 more than she wants to spend. I told her I would pay the extra money with my mTurk earnings.
I found the perfect barrettes. They reminded me of my childhood. They were made in the old style from the 1980s. I was 35, but unashamed. I put on a pair with kittens.
My Mother likes to knit. She knit me some beautiful gloves. She sent them to me last week. I was surprised to get a present in July! I love my beautiful gloves.
Milly's Girl Scout troop made bird houses together. She painted hers a pretty blue color, but it was a little lopsided. She was afraid no bird would want to live in it. Her dad hung it in a tree for her. After about a week she noticed a bird flying into it.
In tenth grade, I injured my calf muscle. My soccer coach first noticed it. He put me on leave until I finished my therapy. When I finished, I came back stronger and faster. My coach said if I get injured again, he won't play me for the season.
It was Stella's birthday. Her mother planned her a party with a clown as entertainment. The clown cancelled at the last minute. Luckily, Stella's uncle was able to fill in with his magician's act. Her party was a hit.
Ed was making a mother's day feast. The only problem was he kept breaking the eggs. His mom liked them sunny side up. Finally he had only two eggs left. His mom had to settle for scrambled eggs.
Jen is worried that no one will ask her to the prom. She asks her friends if they no anyone without a date. As the prom draws nearer she starts to lose hope. Finally Tyler asks her to the prom Jen is so relieved to have a prom date.
John likes animals. He has two dogs and a cat. One of the dogs went missing yesterday. John spent all the afternoon looking for him. He finally found the dog.
I met her on the highway, she passed me going 80mph. Later I saw the same car at a rest stop and had to pull over. She was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. We made jokes and laughed together. Two years later we got married and lived happily ever after.
Megan brought her little children to the park. They brought some stale bread to feed to the ducks. She guided her kids to a little bench near the pond. A small group of ducks wandered up to them. Megan and her kids fed the ducks the bread.
Felicia had always intended to see Paris. She convinced a friend to accompany her on a trip there. The two of them enjoyed the cuisine and the architecture. They both found the locals unwelcoming. The friends fell in love and got married in Paris a year later.
Nick was on the way to work in his car. It was raining that day and he was trying to drive carefully. When coming up to a light, he put on his brakes. To his surprise, the car skidded on the pavement into the car in front Luckily, there was no damage to either car.
Ray invited Jon to play basketball at a park. Jon agreed and said he would be there in 10 minutes. Ray waited for Jon but began getting impatient. Ray ended up waiting for 30 minutes and finally left. Ray was no longer Jon's friend.
I had a blueberry muffin for breakfast today. I broke the muffin in half. Half of the muffin had blueberries. The other had virtually none. I was reminded of a similar episode in the movie Casino.
I used to work at a pizza place in high school. The pizza place was across the street from the school. I worked there with all my friends and we goofed off a lot. Our boss would always get mad when she caught us. We had so much fun working there.
Gayle was driving cross country in her RV. One night in Oklahoma, a tornado approached her RV. The wind was deafening, and it shook the RV. Gayle started up the engine and prepared to drive away. When she saw the tornado getting closer, she floored the gas.
Emerson was about to go on summer vacation from college. Emerson realized that he needed a job to get spending money. Emerson asked his advisor if there were work opportunities. He was given a list of summer jobs in his field. That summer Emerson earned money and gained relevant experience.
Mindy was getting married that day. She was sitting in her living room, getting her makeup done. Suddenly she realized how little time she had. She began to panic. Luckily, her bridesmaids managed to help her calm down.
Jane had to write a paper for her English class. Jane hated writing papers. She paid her friend to write the paper. Jane turned in the paper she wrote. Jane and her friend were both reprimanded for cheating.
Kelly wanted to try out for soccer this year. She was nervous but confident she could do it. Kelly showed up and did her best. She made the team that day. Kelly celebrated by getting pizza.
Cam played flag football every Saturday morning in the fall. His old football cleats were too small, so he went out to buy new ones. He decided to search at a local consignment shop. While there, he tried on several different brands. He bought a pair of Nike cleats for his upcoming season.
Maria wanted to learn how to swim. She asked her mother to sign her up for swimming lessons. Her mom signed her up and she began taking classes. Maria got better and better at swimming. She became the best in her class.
Linda wanted a pet. She was allergic to cats and didn't really like dogs. Her husband came home with a surprise. It was a pig! Linda wasn't sure at first but it ended up being a delightful pet.
I had a rabbit named Thumper. She lived in the basement of our house. One day, I discovered that she had died in her cage. I was completely heartbroken. I never got anymore rabbits after this.
A baby was getting fussy. The mother tried to rock the baby to sleep. This only made the baby more fussy. The other figured that if that didn't work then maybe it was hungry. She fed the baby and then he went to sleep.
The dealer just turned over a card that won a player a lot of money. As a result the dealer became jittery. He tried to shuffle the cards but he dropped the deck. Cards went all over the table. A player secretly picked up a card and marked it before returning it.
I was shopping for a dress for my daughter. I wanted to find something that fit her personality. She is very creative, so I looked for something unusual. I found a dress that was red and had pretend paint splatters. I went home happy, having found the perfect dress.
Eli loved to learn about animals. He had to write a report on one. He chose to write about beavers. He learned all about beavers and how they live. He loved how they built dams.
I went outside to check the mail. I found a thick envelope. When I opened the envelope, I found money in it. Although my mom wanted to keep the money, I refused. I walked to the address and gave it to the owner, who thanked me.
Ron discovered a cave near his house. He brought a flashlight and went inside the cave. He walked inside for a few minutes and reached the end. There was nothing in the cave. Ron left and was very disappointed.
I was really bored one day, so I decided to go to the arcade. I grabbed some money, put on some clothes and left my house. After walking for a while, I made it to the arcade and then entered. I went to a game I liked and played it but fell asleep after a while. Later, a manager woke me up and told me I had to leave.
Jan has a test in the morning. She decided to pull an all nighter to study. When she got to class, she was sleepy as could be. Luckily, her teacher postponed the test. Jennifer could not have been happier.
Bay was cooking an exotic meal for her family. She served them the meat and soup proudly. But then she noticed the unhappy looks on their faces. Bay realized that for all her spices, she forgot something important. She hadn't added any salt or pepper to her bland meal!
Allie had feelings for her friend Fred. She was concerned it would ruin the friendship though. So she decided to not do anything. They ended up remaining friends. It was for the best.
Josh need to make twenty dollars. He needed the money so he could pay back his father. He finally found a job cutting his neighbor's yard. His neighbor gave him only 10 dollars. Josh didn't make enough money that day.
My wife sent me a text message. It told me to make dinner. I put my phone down and watched television. I forgot to make dinner. My wife was mad when she got home.
Maya was in her room when she noticed a few ants. She followed them and saw them all going in the same direction. That's when she found a huge trail of them along her wall. She sprayed all of the ants with ant spray. Then, she cleaned it up and hoped that they wouldn't come back.
Stanley wants to play video games. However, he knows he should finish his math homework first. Stanley finally completes his math homework. Now he can play video games. He is glad he finished his homework before playing video games.
There was a girl who had very long hair. It was black and soft. But her hair always got everywhere. One day I found one of her hairs in my soup. It was very long and got down my throat.
It was late October. Nicolas came home carrying a pumpkin under his arm. He had just picked one up from the local pumpkin patch. Nicolas excitedly retrieved his carving knife from the kitchen. A spooky face was about to be born.
John needed a new bike. His old one fell apart. His mom took him to the store. He bought a bright red one! He road his new bike all day!
Emily had always dreamed of a vacation to France. She saves up her money for many Years for the trip. Finally the day arrives for Emily's big trip. She enjoys many delicious cheeses on her trip. When Emily gets home she is happy she had the trip of her dreams.
Natalie was autistic like my son. She was very tiny for her age. She always wanted to see Caleb. I talked with my husband last night. We decided to surprise him with a trip to see Natalie before Christmas.
Landon was told by his mother to walk the dog. Landon absolutely detested it because people yelled at him. He took the leash, strapped it around her neck, and took her out. A couple blocks away, thunder resounded and the dog became scared. Landon and his dog retreated back toward the safety of their house.
Dan turned 21 in 1967 and believed the Bible to be true. He believed that all mankind came from one woman. Scientist ridiculed such beliefs because of Origin of the Species. Evolution would not allow for Dan's beliefs. In 1979, DNA revealed that every person on earth is from one woman.
Norma had just landed a cushy new government job that required travel. However the family's second vehicle's engine had died at a bad time. Her father-in-law offered to finance a new car to help her out. She did some research into different vehicles and insurance costs. Her father-in-law was very generous to finance a new Prius for her.
Freddy was top of his chemistry class. So for that reason he was offered special treatment in the lab. The school let him made experiments during the weekend. But when the lab blew out, Freddy lost his advantage. And he had to buy a chemistry kit to do it at home.
I was riding a bike one day, when I was 8. I tried to ride onto a sand lot. My bike got caught in the sand and I fell. I tried again, going faster. I was able to get through on my second try.
I convinced my little brother Joe that a ghost lived in our house. I told Joe that the ghost hides in his closet. One night I sneaked into Joe's closet just before his bedtime. After Joe turned out the light I made noises from within the closet. Joe began to cry out for our parents so I darted out of the room.
A new candy store opened up at the mall. Kelli wanted to try it. She thought it would be a good place. She ordered a chocolate bar. It was delicious.
Lisas parents made her go to college for nursing. She hated every single day of college. After she graduated she discovered painting. Lisa became a famous artist. She would never work in a hospital.
The officer opened up the jail cell since it was lunch time. Rex saw a moment to run away. He started to run after the officer looked away. Several officers on the other side grouped together. They managed to take Rex down and put him inside of his cell.
I was reading an interesting story the other day. It was talking about real people acting as super heroes. They run around the city fighting crimes. They even dress up in costumes. It was a pretty weird story.
Tina's mom warned her to not play on the rusty playground equipment. Still, the old swing set looked tantalizing. Unable to resist, Tina sat on the dusty swing seat and began to kick. She was flying high up in the air when she heard the chain snap. Tina learned her lesson when she hit the ground and broke her arm.
Liz enjoyed going for runs. She went out for a run around the block but wore the wrong shoes. These shoes gave her a blister. It took her a whole week to be able to run again. Liz now only owns running shoes for casual wear.
Jenny's boyfriend surprised her with a sleigh ride Christmas Eve. It was very romantic. He even had hot cocoa for them to drink. But the highlight was when he pulled a ring box out of his pocket. He asked her to marry him!
Jenny begged to go to the horse races with her dad. At the track, Jenny's dad let her pick a horse for every race. Jenny's picks won more often than her dad's. He asked Jenny about her special strategy. Jenny said she picked the horses with the prettiest hair.
Tara was working in a fast food restaurant. It was a busy lunch hour and there were many customers. Tara gave a customer's order to the wrong person. The person left with the order. Tara had to make the customer a new order.
Bert felt very agitated. He needed time for himself to recuperate. When he cleared his whole weekend for two day of rest, the phone rang. His mom was coming to town and wanted to see him. He had to refuse to respect his need for calm and stillness.
Kate was ordering lunch from an Italian restaurant. They had a white bean hummus on the menu. She decided to try it out. The warm garlicky hummus was lovely. She ate it for lunch everyday for a week.
Tom had a cat. He noticed the litter wasn't being used. After a while he started noticing a bad smell. He looked around and found a corner under the sofa. It was full of cat poop that he had to clean up.
Don started having second thoughts about some of his deepest beliefs. He was afraid that his family would judge him for his doubts. Don began researching his beliefs secretly online. Don ended up completely restructuring his beliefs. Don felt much more secure in his new beliefs, but didn't tell anyone.
Jill thought bugs were annoying. And she often squashed them on sight. But when she saw an insect documentary, her mind changed. She learned that insects were amazing creatures. And she never squashed a bug again.
Sam was eating with friends. On the way home he noticed he didn't have his wallet. He checked his car but it wasn't there. Sam went back to the restaurant he ate at to look for it. Same found his wallet.
Tom was an aspiring journalist. But when he graduated college, he couldn't find a job. Mike was able to offer him one. Now Tom makes a decent living off of it. It just goes to show you, it's who you know in that business.
We had a party last Saturday. Our friends from NH came. Their father used to play chess with me. As he could not come, his sons played with me. We played five games.
Kayla wanted a new shirt. The one she wanted was too expensive. She decided to save up. When she finally had enough, the shirt she wanted was gone. Kayla was disappointed.
Time was running out on Mi as he pressed his pencil against the paper. The answer came to him and he quickly wrote it in the box. Rapidly, he scrawled his name on top of the page. He sprang from his desk and raced to the front of the room. Slowly, he placed the test on the teacher's desk just as time ran out.
When Gina was little her grandparents each sat in recliners. The kids always fought to sit in grandpa's chair when he was at work. Her grandpa had now passed away. The kids were able to sit in the chair whenever they pleased. But it no longer seemed like any fun.
Kyle is walking home from school. Kyle falls into a manhole. Kyle cries but nobody can hear him. Finally a woman hears and calls the firemen. Kyle is rescued from the manhole.
Jack bought a large bookshelf from the furniture store. He used a large cart to move the bookshelf to his van. He discovered that the bookshelf was too big to fit inside the van. Jack called his friend for help. Jack's friend arrived in his large pick-up truck to help Jack.
Mila was not sleeping well. She had a lot on her mind, She decided to take a sleeping pill. Before she knew it, she was asleep. She woke very refreshed.
The girls went out. They decided to go to a karaoke bar. When their song came on, they burst out in their favorite tune. They began singing and dancing. The whole bar gave them a standing ovation.
David was going to go camping. He was going with a few friends and needed to get some food. Everyone else was contributing something so he was nervous. He wasn't sure what to get so he eventually decided on granola bars. When he arrived at the campsite with his friends they were happy!
I had always wanted to visit an amusement park while growing up. As a child my family was to poor to afford to take me. So as an adult I decided to finally live my dream of visiting one. I saved up the money and bought a ticket to Disneyland. I spent the entire day at Disneyland and had a good time.
Tom wanted to do something nice for his parents. Tom waited until they went out of town on a trip together. While they were away, Tom cleaned the house and washed the car. When his parents returned, they were stunned by what Tom had done. They celebrated by taking Tom out to dinner.
James plays football. He was messing around with his teammates after practice. One of his teammates actually tripped James. James went flying to the ground and hit hard. He screamed in pain from his newly broken leg.
Amy felt uncomfortable. There was a creepy guy watching her. She decided to go home. The creepy man followed! Amy raced home and slammed and locked the door.
Little Billy got an iguana for his birthday. But the very next day, the iguana's tail broke off in his tank! Billy felt terrible, like his neglect had hurt his pet. But over the following weeks, he saw something amazing. His iguana's tail had slowly but surely grown back!
Patty needs a new cell phone. Her old cell phone was broken. She had accidentally dropped the old one over a bridge. Patty was out fishing with her friends when it happened. She has to wait at least a week for the new cell phone to arrive.
Kelsea wanted to learn to blow a bubble like her mom. Her mom explained that it would take a lot of practice. Kelsea popped a piece of gum in her mouth. She struggled for a long while until she finally learned. Kelsea can now blow a giant bubble like her mother.
Veronica wanted to learn to play the violin. Veronica conducted research to find a qualified teacher. Once she found a teacher, she decided to visit the teacher's studio. After the visit, Veronica decided to sign up for the lessons. Veronica was excited to be learning to play the violin.
I graduated college. My friends gave me a graduation party. One friend gave me a great present. It was the best present a friend had ever gotten me. I thanked her and realized the value of our friendship.
Mora and Dan had been married many years. They decided to start a family. Their baby was born the next year. Mora's baby was a very happy and pretty baby. Mora had never been happier than with her baby.
I always wanted to snorkel in the ocean. We went to the Virgin Islands. I rented the equipment. I got to see all kind of bright, colorful fish. I can't wait to snorkel again!
There was a big bat that would fly down every night. He would fly into town and catch the rodent that plagued the town. By doing this the bat became a town favorite for his diet. The more rodents he ate the more the town was appealing. When the bat died the town mourned their mascot, and rodent control.
Chris wanted to grab a drink with friends. He went to the local bar and met his friend. They had two beers and stayed for two hours. Chris was happy he saw his friend. Chris called a taxi and then went home.
Tim started sneezing and coughing. He was getting really sick. He stayed home in bed all day. His mother told him to take vitamin C. After that, he felt well enough to go to work.
I wanted to buy a sparkly ring. I did some research on diamonds. I decided I did not want them. I found moissanite and fell in love. I purchased a ring with a moissanite stone.
Kelly really wanted to take guitar lessons. She was quite nervous about it actually. She thought she would be terrible. As a gift however her parents got her a guitar. She was very thankful.
The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone. He told them it was a pop quiz. The students all groaned. They had to work together to solve a problem. It took them 20 minutes but they finished.
Anna's washer broke. She had to wait for 5 days until a repair man could come. She was forced to lug her wash to the laundromat. It was a huge hassle! Anna realized she had to appreciate her washer more.
Charles was a good football player in high school. Around graduation, he bragged about going pro. First he went to San Diego State University and played football. He lasted one practice and then he lasted two weeks in junior college. Charles was a washed-up football player and never graduated college.
Caroline was not a very assertive child. She never defended her opinions and bent to the will of others. When she grew up, she was the same. She didn't like what she had become and decided to change. Overtime she managed to say her opinions out loud and was proud.
Taylor spent a lot of time talking with friends. She talked to them mostly in classes. She talked so much in class that she didn't learn a lot. When her exams came around, she wished she had listened more. Although she just scraped a pass, she vowed to listen more in lessons.
Kayla parked her car in front of the convenience store. She got out of the car, and began to walk towards the store. Suddenly, she got hit in the head with an egg. She looked up and saw teenagers on top of the store. The teenagers ran away, and Kayla was left with an egg on her head.
Taylor was dating a new man from work. She agreed to go back to his place. While there, she took a look around his apartment. Her date had lots of baby dolls hanging on the wall. Taylor slowly backed out of the apartment and ran away.
The kids got on their costumes. They went outside to trick or treat. They knew exactly where to get the best candy. The kids went to knock the door. However, the door didn't open.
Tom needed a pair of new shoes for work. He went to the shoe store and asked for some help. The person working there recommended steel toe boots. Tom decided that he wanted something else. Tom bought regular boots instead.
Ashley is a science teacher and she loves it. One day she had to substitute teach a history class. Ashley didn't know much about history at all. She spent her lunch hour reading the material. She learned enough to get by for that one class.
Sue was having trouble dealing with her summer allergies. She was allergic to the pollen floating around in the air. Sue went to her doctor for a check-up. Her doctor prescribed her a nasal spray. Sue no longer sneezed with the medication.
Courtney loves to play the lottery. She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers. Last night she went to the store and bought five tickets. She checked her tickets this morning and found out she won $5,000. Courtney went to the lottery office to claim her prize.
As a boy, Jeremy received a toy basketball as a birthday gift. It was his favorite toy. He took it everywhere. Eventually, he became a professional player. Jeremy attributed his success to the gift he received so long ago.
Linda was very afraid of cyclones. She knew the moved very fast. One day, she went outside. Right outside of her house was a cyclone. Linda had to run away with as much as she could carry.
When I was in junior high, I had a group of about four friends. They became friends with another girl that didn't like me. They gave me a letter and said they didn't want to be friends anymore. I cried about it and made a new fiend. In high school they wanted to be friends again but I declined.
Frank and Jim were among the last two teams left in egg toss. They were standing over 15 feet away from one another. Jim tossed the egg and Frank caught it. The other team did as well. On the next toss, Jim ended covered in raw egg!
Ava was sending a birthday card to her grandmother. Her grandmother lived out of state. Ave didn't see her grandmother often. She had recently taken her school pictures. Ava sent a picture with her card.
My friends and I play retro games. We are not into the new games. We talk about the old school games and research about them. My friends also help me with the old retro games by giving me tips. Retro games have brought me and my friends together.
Carissa and her friends want to see a movie. Her friend Oya likes romantic movies. Her friend Laila likes comedies. Carissa agrees to a romantic comedy, even though she prefer horror. She sleeps through the entire movie.
George wanted to give something to his coworkers for Christmas. He decided to bake Christmas cookies. George spent all Sunday baking them. That Monday he brought them in, and his coworkers hated them. He found out that he had used salt instead of sugar to make them.
I decided to dress up with my kids this year. I bought supplies to make a bloody princess costume. My husband is going to help me put it all together. He thinks I will look like Carrie. I can't wait until Halloween to scare everyone.
Tom was in the local park one afternoon. He saw a rather disobedient dog in the distance. The dog's owner through a frisbee in Tom's direction. Unfortunately, the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead. The dog's owner didn't even apologize.
Karen was an incredible public speaker. She realized as a young girl that she liked public speaking. In high school, she ran for student body president and won. She continued to do public speaking in college. Eventually she went into politics.
Jim was a high school student in a very small city. His classmates were very immature and would make fun of him. They would use the word gym to play word games with his name. Jim told them it was just a homophone and the bullies just laughed. The bullies were not very smart and Jim eventually ignored them.
Alicia loved Chinese food. She wanted to eat at a buffet. Her friend took her. By the end of it Alicia was tired. The msg made her sleepy.
Bob had put the trash out. He forgot to put a lid on the trash can. A bunch of cats got into the trash. They left trash all over Bob's yard. Bob had to pick up the trash in the morning.
Ryan's family decided to organize a trip to Italy for Christmas. His parent's offered to pay for most of his expenses so he could go. He didn't want to leave his girlfriend all alone at, so he declined. In the months between then and the trip, Ryan's girlfriend left him. Then, Ryan was all alone for Christmas.
I witnessed a robbery once. I was walking into my church to help the youth leaders. I approached the door and saw a man trying to break into an office. We called the police. I got to give a witness statement, which was pretty cool.
Bobby was doing his laundry himself for the first time. He followed his mother's instructions, carefully sorting colors. He put the whites in and turned on the machine. When he came back, his underwear was all pink. He had accidentally left in a red shirt!
Kathy was on a road trip. She was driving through California. Suddenly she spotted a strawberry stand. She picked the best looking ones. Then, she bought them.
Joe's wife was at the hospital. She was having a baby. Joe was on the way to the hospital from work. Joe arrived just in time for her to push out the baby. The baby was in Joe's hand, he was so happy.
Mitchell looked at his watch. It was close to midnight. He knew he was going to miss curfew. He ran home as fast as he could. When he reached the porch his mother was waiting.
We had a tornado come through our town today. We had to take cover in the basement. The sirens went off and they were loud. I was really scared. I had never experienced a tornado before.
I needed to build a sonar system. I was using an analog system. I didn't work well. My friend recommended I switch to a DSP processor. I switched and it worked perfectly.
Bob was raised in Oklahoma, so tornadoes were nearby often. His Dad had lost his house to one when he was a kid. He told Bob that you see things that don't seem possible. A tornado hit just two miles from Bob's house. He went there and saw a piece of straw through a two by four.
Peter was a careless and easily angered driver. Many of his friends refused to ride in his car after some close calls. Peter stubbornly refused to believe he was the problem. One day he had a very serious accident and wound up hospitalized. During his recovery, he realized he had brought it on himself.
Driving home one rainy night, Ken struck a small animal. He got out to see how it was and if he could help. It was a tiny rabbit with a slightly injured leg. Ken wrapped the leg and nursed the rabbit back to health. Soon it was fully healed and ready to return home!
Tom had an important meeting. Unfortunately his flight was delayed. They couldn't wait for him to get there. Tom set up a skype session. He had the meeting from the airport terminal.
Sophie's grandfather repaired watches for a living. His job required manual dexterity. As he got older, his arthritis worsened. His arthritic hands would not allow him to do the work he enjoyed. Sophie's grandfather was forced to quit his job.
Cody was excited but sad because his parents said they were moving. He was going to miss his friends and might not make new ones. His family moved an hour away to a very small town. Cody found that in such a small town people were really nice. He made a lot of good friends and still lives there to this day.
Randy went to the supermarket to prepare for the hurricane next week. He stocked up on canned goods and additional resources. A week later, the hurricane struck his city. He stayed indoors for all day since it was too dangerous outside. He decided to work on his job indoors.
Bill loved burgers and worked in a burger shop. He sold burgers all day while suppressing his desire for burgers. He would plug his nose from their delicious smell. The business depended on Bill focusing on his burger making. In the end, Bill couldn't handle the pressure and ate burgers.
Greg shuffled a set of cards. He told me to pick one. I took one and returned it. He reshuffled the deck. The first card he pulled out was the one I took out.
Tim was playing with Joe. They had an agreement that they would play for an hour. After thirty minutes Tim wanted to leave. Joe couldn't believe Tim went back on his word. Tim felt bad and decided to play for the full hour.
Kelly didn't know how to cook. When she went away for college, she ate mostly fast food. Consequently, she gained 15 pounds in her first year of school. For her second year of school, she practiced cooking and ate healthy. Kelly was able to lose the 15 pounds she had gained.
Ava was visiting Tehran. She was stopped on the street and reprimanded. The police told her she had to cover her hair with a scarf! Ava was frightened and surprised. She hurried to her hotel to don a headscarf.
Sam asked Bob for advice on a house. Bob looked at the online listing. He thought it looked way too cheap for the price. Bob asked Sam why it was so inexpensive. Sam pointed out that the house was in Kansas.
Marcus made himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast. His little sister asked him to make some for her. He poured her some milk and cereal. They ate cereal together. They left for the bus together.
Scott was in love with a beautiful girl. He promised her the world. She treated him well and he was loyal to her. They grew old together. They stayed together forever.
I did all my laundry the other day. I let my laundry pile up a little too much. I had to spend my whole day doing laundry. It took a lot of time and I had to buy extra detergent. That wasn't a whole lot of fun.
Jennifer wanted to purchase a new phone. She didn't have enough money to buy it. She advertised her babysitting services on facebook. Jennifer got several jobs and worked hard all month. She had enough money to purchase the phone.
My brother sent me an email at 5:50 in the morning. He had gotten up to make breakfast for his daughter. She is 36 years old and works. He still gets up early for her. I told him he should really cut the cord.
My computer was broken. I didn't have enough money for a new one. Then, my friend told me she had a gift for me. All of my friends had pitched in to get me a new computer. I was so happy that I cried.
Matthew was scared of going to the dentist. When he finally went, the dentist found 3 cavities. The dentist told him he would have to come back to get them filled. He was very anxious while he waited for his next appointment. He vowed to do a better job of looking after his teeth in the future.
Cay had a crush on a boy in her class. She made him a Valentine. Then she slipped it onto his desk. Anxiously she watched him read it. He smiled at her after and said he liked her too!
I kept arguing with my girlfriend. I decided to end the relationship I went to her house to break up with her. She invited me into her living room. Then, she told me she was breaking up with me!
Matt was in a hostel. It was full of flies. He was annoyed by all the flies. He used a fly swatter to kill all of them. There were no more flies in the hostel.
A family was going grocery shopping. Their grocery list was longer than usual. The family got to the store late and wanted to have dinner earlier. The family divided into teams with separate parts of the list. They finished shopping and had dinner at home at their usual time.
Richard was a very handsome man. Whenever he was kind to people, they would mistake this for flirting. Richard had a girlfriend and felt very self conscious of this. He now is very shy in social situations. He worries what his girlfriend will think if he's outgoing.
His favorite rock band was The Beatles. He listened to their music late at night. He was unusually young for a Beatles fan. The legend had lived on through him. He deeply believed in all they stood for.
The James family had recently found themselves homeless. They were staying in a motel during the holidays. For Christmas dinner, they went to a soup kitchen. The charity had a Santa and gifts for the little kids. The kids were excited for their small gift, their parents thankful.
Henry sent a message to Diana. He begun to panic since she didn't reply immediately. He noticed that Diana read the message an hour ago. Diana was rude to Henry when he kept calling her. She ended up ignoring him for a week.
There was a van in the driveway when Amy got home. She asked her mother who it belonged to. Her mother told her they were getting cable. Amy was excited about all the new channels. Amy was tired the next day because she stayed up watching TV.
Maria got pregnant at last. However, she now suffered from nausea every day. Her husband worried since she was losing weight. So he took her to see a doctor. Maria was admitted and injected with nutrients.
Lindsey went out for drinks. She met a handsome man. He gave her a big smile. She saw he had something green in his teeth. Lindsey turned around quickly trying to avoid eye contact.
Tom got an expensive electric bill. Much more than other months. Tom tried to figure out why. He realized his television was broken and draining electricity. He put it on a surge protector and saved money.
Amy got a flat tire one morning. She did not know how to change tires. She had to call for help from the assistance company. The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire. Amy thanked him and got back in her car.
Amanda loved cats. She would go out of her way to pet a stray. Her apartment would not allow her to have any pets So she fed cats outside of her door. She wanted to have eight cats one day.
Fred wanted to get a new job He keeps applying but no one gets back to him. He gives up. He started going online to make money. Its working well for him
The family was going camping. They bought a new air mattress. On their first day, they blew the mattress up. It got so full, it popped! The family had to sleep on the hard ground.
Madison had gone to a park for the Fourth of July. They were all heading back to the car after the fireworks. Suddenly, Madison realized her camera was missing. She and her mom checked every inch of the park looking for it. Finally, they discovered that it had been in the car all along.
Jen attended the farmers market in her town. She liked shopping there. She wanted to pay for fresh vegetables. She found out her vallet was stolen. She panicked and run away.
Tim was walking around in the desert. All of a sudden a snake appeared. It bit tim on his ankle. Tim had to be rushed to a hospital. Antivenom was administered just in time.
We grew up in Chinatown in the sixties, over the turnpike. The pike was a hundred feet below us. There was a three foot wide unsecured catwalk running over the pike. One day my brother walked on the catwalk. I was afraid he would fall, but he did not.
Our family spent New Year's Day in New Orleans, Louisiana. We got to experience the jazz, historic sites, and Cajun cuisine. We also walked to a wonderful place called Cafe du Monde. They are famous for their powdery beignets and cafe au lait. That was the highlight of the trip!
Eliza decided that this year she was going to join the PTA. She called her friend Melissa and asked if she would join too. They went to the first PTA meeting together. Eliza felt good and liked to be involved with her kid's school. She joined the Skate Night Committee.
Celine thought she was good at making cookies. Her family suggested she enter the recipe in a cookie contest. Thinking she wouldn't win, Celine entered her recipe in the contest. Because her recipe won the grand prize she opened up a bakery. Celine's cookies are now sold in every store across the country.
I used to love going to the movies. Now I will never go back because it's expensive. They overcharge for everything. Food and the tickets are overpriced. I am much happier with my Netflix subscription instead.
Emerson went home early from work. He was feeling well so he took the rest of the day off. When he got home, his wife made him some soup. He enjoyed the soup from the couch before falling asleep. He felt much better when he woke up from his sleep.
Susy was writing an essay by hand for class. She handed it in and thought she would do well. But unfortunately the teacher could not even read it. Susy was humiliated. The teacher could not even grade it.
Vivian was competing on a gameshow. She was in the final round. The host asked a question. Vivian buzzed in and answered the answered. She won a prize on the show.
Tom used to love the holidays. Last year his dad suffered from depression. He shot himself in the head on Christmas morning. Tom discovered the body. It ruined the holidays for him forever.
Shelly's teacher arranged a circle of chairs. The teacher played music as the kids went around the chairs. Shelly listened for the music to stop. When it stopped, she sat in the nearest chair. Unfortunately, she sat right on a boy's lap.
James had an English paper due. He knew it was due but couldn't remember what day. When he got to class, his teacher asked for the papers. James did not have his. Luckily, she gave him an extension.
In 1995 our government agency received a new worker. Sam was very friendly and polite. He had no job tasks, though. Sam sat in the office and made phone calls. He was eventually removed after the next election.
Jake had a small dog. He took it to a friend's house. The friend had a cat. The cat scared the dog a lot. Jake had to hold his dog the entire time he was there.
Bob gazed upon his pristine lawn with satisfaction. He had worked hard all summer to get it looking this fine. As he watched, several leaves dropped onto his lawn. The wind blew and many more leaves fell to the ground. Bob sighed as he went to get the rake from the garage.
Jesse and Tina went to an AC/DC concert. They made it all the way to the door. They showed their tickets to the front. But the tickets were fake. They went away feeling sad.
Today at the grocery store I tried a delicious sample. At first I was not sure how good it would be. But i tried it anyway. It was so delicious I decided I wanted to buy it. So I bought about six packages worth.
Chuck wanted to get ahead in his new job. He knew what he would have to and hated it. He would have to become the new pet for his boss. He started doing everything for the boss and really kissing up. The boss started pulling away because he didn't Chuck's brown nose.
Jimbo went to the library to do homework. When he got home, he couldn't find his wallet. He rushed back to the library, but when he arrived it was closed. He couldn't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet. He was very relieved the next morning to get his wallet back.
Tony was a bad man that lived in Bethlehem. One day the people of Bethlehem decided to stone him. Tony was passed out from a bender in a local bar. The townsfolk snuck up on the barn quietly. they then proceeded to get Tony stoned.
I was a five-year-old in New Orleans, and it was Mardi Gras. I would be riding on a parade float, which was a big deal. So would my sister, who had just gotten over the chicken pox. The day before the parade, I found red spots on my belly. I will never forget my sister waving at me from that huge float.
Bob and Jane got married on the fourth of July. They had their first child on the fifth of August. They got divorced on the sixth of May. A year to the day later they married again. Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor.
Earl took his dog to the restroom. He tried to potty train the dog, but he wouldn't urinate. Instead, he used the bathroom on the ground. In addition, he became sick of doing tricks. As a result, he traded the dog.
Winston was an avid outdoorsman. He loved to go fishing, hunting, camping, and most of all hiking. Winston's life goal was to hike the Appalachian trail. He spent months preparing for the ultimate journey. On his 21st birthday, he took time off to successfully hike the trail.
I broke my arm when I was 5 years old. We were ice skating on a pond, when my sister fell on me. I landed in such a way, that my right arm snapped. I don't remember feeling any pain. I do remember crying because I didn't want to go to the doctor.
Tim always had a germ phobia. He would constantly wash his hands and avoid contact. After a while it started affecting his work. His boss gave him an ultimatum. Tim had to go to therapy to get his issues fixed.
Tony was nervous walking up to the girls. He mustered up his courage and walked over to Claire. Tony couldn't believe she said yes to a dance. They headed out to the dance floor, hand in hand. They danced all night.
It was a rainy day. The children were bored stuck inside the house. Their mother remembered that she used to play in blanket forts. So she made one for the kids. It kept them occupied all afternoon.
Bob just started college this year and is a Zoology major. He purchased all his textbooks and pretty much ran out of money. He then went to his first week of classes and felt overwhelmed. Everything was about complicated science and medicine. Bob hoped that all this expensive hard work would be worth it.
Charles was seventeen years old and living in a new community. He made friends with teenagers in his area. But they were into graffiti and gangs. One evening Charles went out with them and they did a robbery. They were caught and Charles learned jail is torture through boredom.
Sam was driving home for the holidays. He noticed someone needing a ride. For a moment he thought about picking them up. Sam kept driving without slowing down. He knew it was illegal and dangerous.
There was this amazing Chinese place by my house. They served the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had. The best part was that they were open until late at night. Unfortunately, they closed down a few months ago. I guess I'll have to find a new Chinese place.
It was finally Thanksgiving day. The turkey was ready and the other food on the table. Everyone was seated when suddenly a loud noise happened. A knock on the door was heard and everyone was frightened. Santa finally arrived!
Allie loved to sew. But she had no materials. Finally she got a sewing kit. Then she went and sewed every day. It was a great hobby for her.
Paul was hungry for some hot dogs. He checked the fridge and found he had a couple left. He pulled them out of the package and smelled them. They smelled nasty and were kind of squishy. Paul realized he was not that hungry after all, and threw them out.
Sparky and Kevin fought on the bus everyday. Sparky said he hated Kevin. One day the principal called them both into his office. They all had a talk. Now Sparky and Kevin are best friends.
Lindsay was watching TV during a commercial break. Suddenly, she saw a funny character on one of the ads. The character was from her favorite TV show. She actually found herself laughing at the commercial. It really did make her want to shop at that store.
Kenny was going to dinner with his girlfriend. He had forgotten his wallet at home. Kenny had to turn around to get his wallet. Kenny called his girlfriend to tell her he was running late. Kenny's girlfriend was made at him.
Amy and Beth were walking to Ella's party. Amy was nervous her crush Ray would be there. Amy and Beth ran over what Amy would say in her mind. Beth was optimistic, but Amy felt nothing but dread. At Ella's Amy hesitated for a second, then rang the doorbell.
Peso the Penguin wanted to make a difference. He gathered his friends to help clean up the ocean. They picked up trash and helped some animals. It made them feel good to do something that mattered. They were all very proud of themselves.
Sara was paranoid. So she had trouble in school. One day, she failed an English test. But she accused her teaching of failing her on purpose. Sara was expelled and never sent to get help.
Mary ordered expensive bulbs to plant in her garden. She spent an afternoon planting the bulbs. Mary couldn't wait to see the bulbs bloom into flowers. The next day, Mary's son came running into the kitchen. He showed her the 'potato' bulbs he had dug from the garden.
Ashley bought a dogsled. She wanted to test it out. She went outside in the snow. She climbed to the top of a hill. She then rode it to the bottom.
A young lady was running through the sand at the beach. Strong winds started to blow in her direction. She was pushed back. When she fell, her hair fell out. Before anyone noticed, she quickly put it on and walked away.
Ally loved to sing. One day at school the principal heard Ally singing in the hallway. The Principal suggested that Ally join the school choir. Ally gave this idea a lot of thought. Nervously, Ally signed up for the school choir.
Lilly was desperately trying to write a new song. Unfortunately, she had been suffering from writer's block. So she put on some old jazz music for inspiration. All of a sudden a new chord progression popped into her head! She ended up writing the best song of her career.
Tom liked hard rock. His parents were conservative. They found one of his albums and listened to it. They thought it was horrible. Tom had his music taken away.
Today Angela had a date. Angela had a clean dress. But she had no clean leggings. So she washed some leggings. She looked beautiful in her date clothes.
Lou went fishing with his dad. Hours went by without a single bite. As the sun was about to set, the fish started biting. His mom fixed some of the fish for dinner. Lou decided fish tasted better when you caught it yourself.
Chris and her mom were planning to go to a garage sale. It was raining the morning of the sale. Chris and her mom went to an indoor flea market instead. The garage sale was rescheduled for a later date. Chris and her mom went to the garage sale when it was held.
Cruz was a quiet kid. He was often being picked on by school bullies. Cruz began taking a self defense class outside of school. He defeated the next bully who attacked him. Cruz was no longer a target for the bullies.
Maxine has had a difficult week at work. She wants to find a way to relax and unwind. Maxine and her friend meet up to have a glass of wine. After the wine Maxine feels much better. She is glad she found a way to relax after the week at work.
Killean decided he wanted a fish. One day, he researched them on the internet. He decided that goldfish were the easiest to start. Killean asked his mother to take him to the pet store, and she did. They picked a tank, and three goldfish, and they brought them home.
Last week new neighbors moved in. This week they had a moving in party. They were really loud and didn't stop until late at night. We went over to ask them to turn the volume down. I hope this isn't a sign of things to come.
Sam took his friend's dog to the dog park. There were several other dogs there. Sam took his eyes off of him for a minute. When he went to get him he got the wrong dog. He quickly noticed his mistake and corrected it.
Randy was looking for Christmas Trees. He kept on finding almost dead trees. He did not want to spend too much money on it. He ended up buying a fake tree. He was happy about it.
Joseph wanted a new television. His old one barely worked. He saved up money for a few weeks. He looked up several reviews online and in person. Eventually he bought the perfect one.
Morgan's bike had been stolen. She was sure she knew who did it. She walked to his house. However, her bike wasn't there. Morgan's search was fruitless.
Marietta and Bobby were trying for a baby. They would wonder if each month would be the month. They went to the doctor to see what might be the problem. She took a pregnancy test in the office and the doctor came in. He told them with smile on his face they were going to have a baby.
The gusting wind rolled the tumbleweeds along the road. Susie was having a difficult time driving her car in the wind. A clump of tumbleweeds hurtled towards her. She drove right through the tangle of weeds. Tumbleweed debris exploded around the car.
Joe taught his son how to play pool. After teaching him he wanted to buy him a pool stick. It was going to be nice and custom made with his name carved on it. He bought it and ordered it online. It came and he gave it to his son.
Nicole was trying to get her driver's license. Unfortunately she wasn't sure how to drive, so I offered to help! I took her to the park and had her drive around the grass. She was doing great and seemed confident enough to take the test. The next day she took the test and passed!
Stan was a rapper by day. He wrote raps on a regular basis. He even wrote for other rappers. He recently received an invitation to a battle. He accepted the challenge and ended up winning the contest.
Sam was the funny girl. She was pretty in her own right, but she could never shake that label. Boys simply didn't seem to be romantically interested in her at all. She was losing hope of ever finding someone. In senior year, a boy with no sense of humor asked her out.
Jane had two cats. Their hair got everywhere. She would always have cat hair on her clothes. She tried getting a lint brush. Unfortunately it wasn't good enough.
I wanted to make money from home. One of my friends recommended teaching English from my home computer. I read about the company that he recommended online. I found out that the company does not allow background noise. Background noise of dogs kept me from teaching English online.
Tommy took his girlfriend on a weekend getaway. Laura found junk food in his suitcase. Tommy knew she loved Cracker Jacks and that was the one she picked. When she opened the prize in the box, there was a diamond ring. Laura turned around in amazement and saw Tommy down on one knee.
Kate was a waitress. She had some customers she thought were going to dine and ditch. She paid extra close attention to them. She was right and they tried to leave without paying. Kate was able to stop the at the door.
I flew in a small plane only once. It was by the ocean. It accelerated very quickly. The runway way short. I thought we were going to hit the water.
My computer was broken. I called the customer support line. I waited on hold for a long time. When I finally reached a worker, he was very helpful. I was able to have my computer fixed and running again in no time.
Sadie was on a skiing trip with her parents. She was really having fun for the first part of the day. Soon she began to feel bitterly cold. She tried to get through it but it was too frustrating. Finally, she gave up and decided to stop skiing.
Gina had asked her teacher to move a boy's desk. She wanted him far away from her and hoped he would leave her alone. But he made more visits to her desk than before. Now he would come and take things from her. Gina knew there was no one she could ask to help.
Howard enjoyed reading books a lot. One day, he decided to not read books. He got very bored and did nothing. After a while, he gave up and started reading. With joy, Howard picked up a book and began reading.
Pancho decided to open a music store. He asked all his friends to suggest names for the store. No one had any good ideas at all for a long time. Finally his brother came up with one funny name. The store is now called Pancho's Villa.
Hannah was upset. She decided to take a walk. She listened to music. Before she knew it, she walked for 3 hours. She took the bus back.
I shaved my head. My hair was in inch and a half long. My girlfriend and I went to my mom's house. I took off my clothes except my underwear. I used an electric razor.
Parties are usually lame, but this was a new level of lame. Tim was forced to go to his nephew's party. All it was is little kids playing baby games. Tim was annoyed, but he was forced to stay because of his parents. Tim was depressed and annoyed for the rest of the day.
Lila had always loved the sound of a violin. She decided she wanted to learn to play one herself. She went to every lesson and worked very hard. Finally, she felt ready to perform for her family. From the looks she received, Lila knew she should stick to listening.
I just graduated college. I needed a job. I applied at a sales firm and got the job. Alas, it involved door to door sales. I hated it so I quit.
Gary saw an advertisement for a new chocolate shop. He got into his car and went to the shop. He saw the shelves were loaded with all different types of chocolate. But the prices were way too expensive for his tastes. Gary decided to not buy anything and return home.
When she grew up Kat wanted to be a writer. She was on the school newspaper in high school and college. She graduated college and applied for many jobs. Kat finally landed a job at a large newspaper. Kat was happy and stayed at this position for many Year's.
I bought a new bathroom mat. My son needed it for his bathtub. We looked at ones in all kinds of characters. We chose one with Skylanders as the theme. We put it in his bathroom floor, where it looked perfect.
Our 19-year old niece is a sophomore in college. She is in a nursing school. Yesterday she got her first uniform. She snapchatted a photo of herself in a green outfit. Her mother was very proud.
Danny wants to visit Brazil but he doesn't speak Portuguese. He decides to get lessons in Portuguese from a local tutor. Finally he learns the language and books his trip. His trip to Brazil is fantastic. Danny is so glad he made the effort to learn Portuguese.
As a kid I always wanted to drive a racecar. I went to races of every kind, and watched every race on TV. For my fourth birthday my dad got me a racecar bed.`. On my 16th birthday, I was able to test drive a car at Daytona. By age 25, I had competed for five years; my wish came true!
The couple moved to Portland. They found a beautiful bungalow to rent. It was their dream home! They took great care of it. They loved having a historic home.
Kelly was unpacking after a big trip. She was grabbing a shirt when she saw something move. Looking closely, she realized that it was a spider. She yelped and tried to squash it, but it ran off. She couldn't find it so she abandoned her unpacking task.
Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike. She didn't have a bike of her own. Carrie would sneak rides on her sister's bike. She got nervous on a hill and crashed into a wall. The bike frame bent and Carrie got a deep gash on her leg.
Anna had had acne for years. Then she heard about exfoliation. She decided to try it by using a facial scrub daily. In a few weeks she saw an improvement. In three months her acne was entirely gone!
The cat was feeling very energetic this evening. He decided to tear into the dog treats. He viciously ripped open the packaging and ate the treats. His owner found the place in a mess when he got home. The owner cleaned up the mess angrily.
Nicholas had always wanted to play the violin. One day he saw a beautiful violin in a shop window. He went in to take a closer look. The shop owner took it down and began to play. The song was so beautiful that Nicholas vowed to take lessons.
Erin loved to watch the shopping channel. She would watch all the time but never buy anything. One day, Erin decided to finally make a purchase. Phone in hand, she waited to see a product she wanted. Once the product appeared she purchased it as fast as she could.
Jason felt tired all the time. He went to the Doctor about his energy level. Jason had a sleep study performed and discovered he had sleep apnea. Jason now uses a breathing machine at night. Jason has much more energy since he uses a breathing machine.
Billy was driving to Aspen to visit his mother during ski season. Billy was a young, inexperienced driver. Billy hit a patch of black ice on the road that was hard to see. Billy quickly lost control of the car. Billy died as his car plummeted off a cliff.
Anna was driving across the state to see her friends. In the middle of the night, she ran out of gas. She cursed herself for neglecting to check the fuel gauge! But luckily, a passing trucker gave her a few gallons from his can. Anna was profusely thankful and grateful!
Jason's headphones haven't worked for many weeks. He has been commuting to and from work without any music. Finally he heads to the store to buy a new pair of headphones. Now his commute is much more pleasant. Jason is so happy to have a working pair of headphones.
Tom was playing a pickup game of basketball. Tom suddenly felt a shooting pain in his leg. Tom drove himself to the urgent care clinic nearby. They took an x-ray of his leg. Tom learned that he tore his ACL!
My son was turning 11 and wanted to have a birthday party. We starting planning and ordered a bouncy house for the day. They came to set up the house and left it for 4 hours. The kids had a great time bouncing and playing basketball. When the party was over, they came and deflated the house.
Tom felt mentally sluggish. So he decided to play sudoku everyday. After a few weeks, he began feeling mentally quicker. And he decided learned other games like chess and go. And he became great at puzzle and strategy games.
My team had to get third place to go on to state. They called the name of the first two teams. It was time for them to announce third place. They said it was us. My team started cheering.
Frannie was on a flight. She had a cup of ginger-ale in her lap. Suddenly, the plane hit some turbulence. Her drink spilled all over her. Luckily, the attendants helped her to clean up.
Tiffany wanted to buy a new bike. She didn't have any money. She looked for a part-time job. Tiffany eventually found a job working at the pet store. After a few months, she was able to buy a nice bike.
Emmy's owner went outside to call her. She was nowhere to be found. All the people went looking for Emmy. She was nowhere to be found. She was waiting at the door when they got back home.
Amy was in fashion school illustration class. Her teacher gave an assignment which Amy loved. She drew, and drew until the teacher called to check her work. The teacher was surprised by how good Amy's work was. She put Amy's drawings on display for the class to see.
Toby works at a small airport. He was only 25 but was a great worker. His father owns the airport and he will too one day. He takes on many responsibilities at his age. Robert loves his daily life though and never complains.
Joe had a hand me down pair of pants from his brother. He was excited he finally got them. He wore them to school, ignoring the fact they were too big. He spent most of the day hiking them up. He vowed to wear a belt the next time he wore them.
Grant started the lawn mower. The lawn mower stopped after a few minutes. Grant realized that it was out of gas. Grant put the lawnmower away. Grant bought a donkey to eat the grass.
Troy was pretending to be a wizard like his favorite movie. Putting on a bathrobe and using a towel to make a wizard hat. He waved his imaginary wand to and fro, casting spells. His mother walked in, saw what he was doing, and broke into laughs. Frustrated, Troy tried his best to cast a spell on her, but didn't.
The teenage boy offered to help his classmate with math. She got to his house and he showed her his motorcycle. His parents had told him to not ride his motorcycle that night. After studying the boy gave the girl a ride home on his motorcycle. He was grounded for month.
There was a new boy in Sally's fifth grade class. Nobody spoke to him. Sally decided to be his friend. At lunch that day, she sat right next to him. The new boy was grateful for Sally's kindness.
The family loaded up into the car. They were going to see a concert. It was their favorite band! The concert lasted all night. They'd heard all of their favorite songs.
Rufus had been searching for his dog for hours. He was nowhere in sight. All of a sudden he heard a loud woof. His dog rushed in through the door with an envelope in his mouth. There was $100 in the envelope!
Lily had a bad wart growing on her finger. Her mom was planning on taking her to a doctor soon. In the meantime they were at a family reunion. Lily's aunt saw the wart and said she had a cream for those. She let Lily use some and it actually made her wart go away.
Chuck was bored with the everyday meals he always cooked. He decided he would do something more exotic. He found a recipe for turtle soup. He found the soup to be delicious. It was good that he liked it because no one else did.
Rachael really wanted to have a slip and slide. So she bought one and set it up. No one was using it so her brother felt bad. He decided to go for a run on it. But when he slid the ground was so hard it cut his leg.
My son did not know how to order food at a restaurant. I took my son to a restaurant with a children's menu. I then instructed my son to read the menu and select a food option. When the waiter came I told my son to tell the waiter his selection. My son now understands how to order food at a restaurant.
I wanted to get to the mall without using a car. I decided to take the bus. I waited at the bus stop for the bus. The bus came and I paid the fare. After about 15 minutes on the bus I got off at the mall.
My son played Little League baseball in kindergarten. In 1st grade he gave it up and played ice hockey. In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp. In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try. He has given up all sports and now just plays a trombone.
Sarah was a huge Lost fan. Like most fans, she hated the way the show ended. She went to a conference where Carlton Cuse was speaking. She actually got to meet him! But she forgot to ask about the ending!
My friend Curt was an artist. He had a print he had purchased for $10. He asked me to sell it on eBay. I sold it for $300. He was so happy he bought me breakfast.
Jim was a seafood restaurant. But he was worried about eating too much mercury. So he ordered salmon to eat. But his waiter brought tuna by mistake. And Jim reluctantly ate through the dish.
Cindy saw that the watering can in her garden had fallen over. She walked over to pick it up so that she could water her plants. The watering can seemed heavy when she tried to lift it. Suddenly a little kitten darted out of the can, surprising her! The kitten had crawled into the watering can and fallen asleep.
Johnny and his grandpa had great seats to the Yankees game. He had his mitt, as always, ready to catch a foul ball. He's been trying forever but balls never came his way. Today a player hit a ball. It zoomed into the stands landing in Johnny's outstretched glove.
My wife bought a Fitbit on ebay. It was $20 less than list price. She received it last Friday. It was advertised as new, but it was scuffed and did not work. She contacted the seller and sent the Fitbit back for a full refund.
Allie was a gymnast. She was now in her first competition. She was rather nervous. But luckily she won gold. Her parents were thrilled.
Laura meets a girl at a party who plays guitar. Laura likes the girl and wants to impress her. She goes home and tries to learn to play the guitar herself. It's hard to learn to play music without any help. Laura calls the girl and asks her to be a tutor.
Ricky was a stand up comedian. He would normally get heckled every gig and he hated it. On his 1st TV appearance, he didn't get heckled once. He knew that an audience on TV would behave better. He stuck with only doing TV appearances from then on.
Yesterday was my piano recital. I was very nervous to get on stage. I was afraid I would mess up. Thankfully however I did well. I was very relieved.
I went to an Italian restaurant yesterday. I ordered pasta. I insisted they add clam sauce. It was delicious. I asked for more.
Jim tossed the instructions down in disgust. He cursed that assembling a toy horse shouldn't be this hard! He kicked the pieces on the floor in anger. Jim took an hour to meditate and drink a glass of milk. When he was calm, he finished putting the horse together.
One evening while performing a dangerous stunt. A wrestler falls and hits the floor. He grabs his chest and has trouble breathing. Paramedics are sent to check on him. The wrestler had broken his ribs and one of his arms.
Winter was coming. I needed buy new sweaters. Alas, the sweaters at the mall were too expensive. I decided to make my own. My homemade sweaters were the best sweaters I'd ever had.
Lucy got a salad spinner for her birthday. She was intrigued by it. When she out lettuce in it she was amazed. Unfortunately it broke. Lucy had to buy another one.
Jake wanted a smoothie. But he wasn't allowed to have much sugar. So he tried adding oats, water, and protein powder in a blender. And it wasn't that bad. And he enjoyed his cool, sugarless oat smoothie.
Tom has his big game tomorrow. He was stressed out. He went to the game. He was the top scorer. He was thrilled.
Jim had been showing exceptional skill in karate lately. One day his sensei awarded him the black belt. Jim was very proud. So were his parents. He decided to become a sensei one day.
Erica was feeling under the weather today. She really felt like she was going to collapse. She as a result called worked and stayed home. Erica slept all day and finally felt better. The next day she went back to work.
Susan wanted to go on a cruise for vacation. However her husband insisted on a family reunion. They debated what to do for vacation. They finally found the perfect compromise. Sixteen family members made the cruise with Susan and hubby.
The store was running a special. It gave customers $5 off of any shoe purchase. The mom decided now was a good time to buy shoes for the family. They all got new sandals and tennis shoes. The mom was happy to have saved some money.
Sophie wanted to learn how to do gymnastics. She joined a gymnastics gym. She worked really hard to learn to do flips. After months of practice she finally did her first back flip. Now she can do lots of flips.
I was trying to install my new computer monitor. I connected the PC to the monitor with an HDMI cable. There was no sound coming out. I checked all of the connections and couldn't see what was wrong. Eventually I discovered that the monitor had no speakers on it.
My friend's kid recently did a fundraiser at a local restaurant. The restaurant would donate 25% of each order to his Cub Scout troop. I just happened to be having dinner with friends that night. We decided to go to the restaurant my friend told me about. The 8 of us raised a lot of money for his troop that night!
Jane wanted to meet her idol, kim kardashian. She thought that Kim was beautiful. She went to a meet and greet one day. Kim showed up and she introduced herself. Jane left happy.
Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars. We would go around selling them to neighbors. I would sometimes buy them for myself as well. I loved how good they were and the different kinds It was something I always looked forward to.
Kate' favorite jeans were starting to fade. Her mother wouldn't buy her a new pair. In the store she saw RIT dye. She decided she would dye them blue again. She wondered why she hadn't thought of it sooner.
Dana loved his gold chain. The description on the box said it was 18k gold. But when he tried to pawn it, the pawn shop said it wasn't real gold. Dana was out of cash and needed $10 to catch the bus to work. He sold his $200 gold chain for $20 to a passerby.
Tim was a young boy. Tim had an upcoming birthday. Tim's parent's bought him Roller-Blades. Tim loved his gift. Tim loved roller-blading.
My younger sister is a complete codependent. She is almost 40 years old, has two children, and still lives at home. She doesn't have a job, therefore our disabled parents support them. I have tried to help her with teaching about Government assistance. You just can't help people that won't help themselves.
Anna was invited bowling with her friends. She had never bowled before. She decided to give it a shot anyways. She lined up her ball and took aim. Anna got a strike on her first try!
Martin is a small kid. One day while riding the bus. A bigger kid comes up to him. He starts to pick on martin. Martin is scared and closes his eyes while he gets bullied.
On a faraway island vacationers enjoyed the beach. Children and adults splashed in the water. All of a sudden screams are heard from all directions. Everyone runs but there is no where to go. It's a sad ending to what started as a regular day.
Tom was having a pizza party for his birthday. He had all his friends over. They played games and opened presents. The time for the pizza was near. But him and all his friends had fallen asleep.
We went to a tequila bar while on vacation. They had over 400 kinds there. I got a margarita with dinner. My wife got a tequila sunrise. We both loved it and would go back.
The jury debated. They could not come to an agreement. They asked the judge for more time. The judge gave them more time. They returned a verdict of not guilty.
Fred decided to practice playing guitar. While playing, he noticed the guitar was out of tune. He broke a string while tuning. Fred was very annoyed with himself. He reluctantly drove to the store to buy new strings.
Marie loved nothing more than to bake cookies. Her friends told her she was nothing but an old stereotype. But they still ate her cookies. And they kept asking for more cookies. Finally Marie went out and found some better friends.
My niece was born about 3 years ago. I disliked kids. However, we soon started to bond. Now, we play all the time. I love my niece now.
Angela loved cats. She has six of them as pets. Her husband wouldn't let her have any more other wise she would. Her husband thought her obsession with cats had gotten out of hand. He walked in on her eating out of a saucer pretending she was a cat.
In Korea, McDonald's will only give you one packet of ketchup. Sometimes though, the cashier would give me two. I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup. One day, a really cute cashier gave me three packets of ketchup. Looking back, I don't know if she was cute or if it was the 3 packets.
Sally was driving down the road when the smelled something funny. She looked everywhere in her car. She could not find anything out of the ordinary. She finally looked on the bottom of her shoe. She had stepped on a stink beetle!
Ben waited by the bus stop. The bus was approaching the stop. Since Ben was seated, The bus driver couldn't see him. He continued to drive. Ben missed the bus and had to call his parents to take him to school.
Kim loved sunglasses. She wanted to buy a new pair. However, the pair she wanted was too expensive. She decided to save up. Kim was very excited when she was able to buy them.
I took in a tiny chihuahua who was mistreated. She shivered a lot and loved blankets. Once when I was changing the king bed, I could not find the dog. I looked inside and out and began to panic. She had climbed in the pile of bedding on the floor.
Antwan was very young when his mother died. It affected him so much, he got on drugs at age thirteen. He stayed addicted to drugs into his adulthood. His daughter was born one year, and that changed him completely. He went to rehab and became the father he wanted to be.
The family loved camping. They bought a huge new RV. They were going to drive it all over the country. When they were ready to take off, they all buckled up. They couldn't wait to explore!
Tom's work had labor shortages. It made his job that much harder. Tom implored his bosses to hire more people. They didn't want to waste money. Tom had to quit because of the workload.
Anna wanted to take ballet. She told her mom. Her mom and dad talked about it. They decided it was okay. They signed Anna up for ballet lessons.
Michael was walking on the beach. He wasn't watching where he was going. Michael stepped on a dead fish. The bone of the fish cut Michael's foot. Michael had to go to the doctor.
Mary went for a walk. She found a lost kitty under a park bench. She took it home and put up posters in her neighborhood. Nobody called her back. She decided to keep the kitty.
Ian was driving home from college one day. On the way home he saw a stray dog. Ian loved animals so he stopped and tried to get the dog to come. The dog was docile and got in the car. Ian took the animal to a shelter where it was taken care of.
Kyle has a biology test tomorrow. He also has an English test. He decided to study more for biology. He was glad he did. Even after studying, he still didn't make an A.
Eric and Paul played outside in the snow all morning. When they finally came in they were chilled to the bone. Eric's mother made them hot chocolate. She put whipped cream on top. They were warmed up in no time.
Every year Jack goes home to visit family for Christmas. Every year his Aunt Marge gives everyone festive sweaters. This year Aunt Marge gave everyone pajamas instead. Jack missed the festive sweater tradition. On Christmas day Jack bought everyone festive sweaters.
Polly was always fascinated with the Amish way of life. One day, Polly became excited when she visited the local library. The library had begun carrying a large line of Amish romance novels. Polly checked out three of the books and had fun reading them. She plans to check out two or three of these books each week.
Mike was planning a birthday party for his friend, but needed help. He asked his friends what they thought he should do. They gave him some ideas and he liked them! He invited me to the store to buy the supplies so we went. When we put everything together the party was a big hit!
I bought my dog a tennis ball. I threw it across the yard, and she chased it. She caught it just as it reached the neighbor's yard. She came running back with it in her mouth. She refused to give it back to me.
Uma is a senior accountant. Uma manages all the finances for a large company. Before quarterly profits were published, Uma noticed a big error! Uma corrected the error before anything was published. The executives congratulated Uma on her good work.
loving a woman is something all men really want. we all have fallen for a crazy girl at least once. i dated a girl that was insane she thought the mob was after her. eventually she had to go cause it was just too much to deal with. she was an example of the problem with health care in america.
This year Uncle Rick is hosting thanksgiving. He asked if I would get him a turkey. I decided to hunt a wild turkey this year. I used a bow and arrow. The turkey weighs forty pounds.
I went to my television extra audition totally prepared. I read that script like I had wrote it. I cued the lights and beckoned the other actors. I accepted the room's applause like an old pro. I didn't accept part because it was too much work.
Kate was making a cake for a party. She tried to make blue frosting but it came out a weird green color. The cake looked like it was frosted in toothpaste. She brought it to the party and people teased her. Luckily, they tried it and it tasted perfectly delicious.
John's friend visited him. He came with his dog. When John saw the dog constantly scratching itself, he became worried. His friend said the dog might have fleas or it might not. John became worried and told his friend to leave.
Jessica is a young girl. She falls in love with an older man. The older man ask to marry her. Jessica says yes. They have a great big wedding.
The company's headquarters was finished. They planted some trees in front as a finishing touch. The trees made shade in the grass. The employees could imagine sitting in the shade on their lunch break. The building was going to be a great new location for them!
Bill and Jane married each other. They had three kids. They watched their children grow up. They sent their children to college. They died on the same night.
Larry had always wanted to be a painter. He decided to take painting classes. At first he did not like the classes. However, over time he began to like them a lot. Larry was glad that he was becoming a painter.
Suzanne makes great pies. She's so good at baking pies that people would hire her for holiday's. The pies were so good that people started to order them regularly. Suzanne is selling pies 7 days a week. She's booked to sell pies until the end of the year!
Ruby has always wanted a bunny. She asked her mom for one for her birthday. Her mom found one online, and said she had to take care of it. Ruby took very good care of her bunny. She named her bunny Fifi.
Ashley remembered one day that a VHS tape had pictures of her. Ashley rushed to the attic to try and find it. She searched for hours and could not find it. She asked her parents who said it was in the basement. The VHS tape was in the basement and Ashley saw the pictures.
Juan dreamed of becoming a teacher for his whole life. Once he graduated college he couldn't wait to apply for positions. Once he found a job at the local middle school, right away. He quickly set up his classroom and was excited to meet students. Juan's dream had finally come true as he opened his classroom doors.
Xavier wanted to make rice. He thought it would be like making noodles. He tossed the rice in a pot of water and brought it to a boil. The results were mushy and burnt. Xavier ashamedly consulted some recipes.
Ronald was running for president. He really wanted to win. He knew he could do this by taking a new approach to politics. Some people loved this about him. However, his unorthodox ways also stirred up lots of controversy.
Carlos had always wanted to visit a church. He decided to take a trip to a local church in his town. At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows. He spoke with many other people at the church. Carlos was happy he had taken a trip to the church.
The boy sneered. Another boy smacked him on the face. The boy look confused. The other boy smacked him again. He told him not to sneer.
Jay had to leave his house and looked for his keys. He remembered that he left them in a kitchen drawer. Jeff opened all the drawer to look for them. In the last drawer he found his keys. Jeff cleaned up the mess and left.
Nichole's company was closing down at her location. She lost her job. Nichole's company recommended her to another company. She got an interview for the a new job. Because of her hard work at her last job, Nichole got the new job.
Gina wanted to keep the stray dog she found. She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog. So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with. But her mother had made up her mind. There was nothing she could say to convince her mother.
Rachel's day couldn't get any worse. She locked herself out of her car while she was at the beach. She trudge down the boardwalk to find a payphone. On the way, her flip-flop snagged a rock and ripped. Rachel groaned as she hobbled along.
Todd was the tallest person in his high school. He played center on the basketball team. He was the all time scoring leader for his school. He got a full ride to play basketball at Duke. Todd eventually was good enough to play in the NBA.
Gina was talking to a guy online. The guys wanted to meet with her. Clever Gina thought this was a bad idea. So she declined the offer to meet up. His parents praised Gina for being so smart.
My sister asked for gas money to fill up her gas tank. I gave my credit card for her and told her to take out $40 dollars. However, she ended up taking out $60 dollars. I asked her why she took out the extra $20 dollars. She had nothing to say and remained quiet.
Andrea was a teenager who wanted to be a movie star. She took drama class and acted in a school play. Her mother looked online for auditions for Andrea. She took Andrea to audition for a part in a sitcom. The casting director called and offered Andrea a part in a big movie.
It was a very hot day. Our husky was miserable. We went to the store and bought a big bag of ice. We dumped it into the kid pool. She loved playing in the ice.
Ann went to Paris on vacation. There, she went to see the Eiffel Tower. She gazed up at its impressive height. As dusk fell, it lit up with many lights! Ann was struck by its amazing beauty.
Hayden realized it was Hanukah in a week. He hadn't done any shopping at all. He wrote up a list of everything he needed. Hayden went online to his favorite retailer. The chocolate coins, candles and presents were delivered that week.
A girl had a job as a desk worker at the local gym. She met many people through her job, and saw many people she knew. One morning, she saw her teacher come to work out. She discovered that he loved to play basketball. She watched his basketball game that morning.
Sebastian called his friend in Malibu and had a nice chat with her. She talked about how different the food and culture was. Sebastian was confused and asked again where she was. She informed him she was in Morocco. Sebastian wondered how much his phone bill was going to be that month.
Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy's blonde curls. As the boy grew, Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten. She got dye and a perm to restore his blonde curls. They went to the doctor for the boy's rash from the harsh chemicals. When the doctor saw the boy's dark roots, he looked at Linda.
Percy was a good kid. He got along well with his parents. One day he had a terrible argument with his parents. Percy stopped talking to his parents. Everyone was quite upset for a long time before making up.
Theodora always kept the loose change she was given. She collected it together in a piggy bank. When it filled, she would roll and deposit the money. The payouts would vary from forty dollars to a hundred. Theodora felt that many people were too dismissive of change.
I needed to get my hat from my car. I found my set of car keys. I took them to the car. I unlocked my car. I got my hat from my car.
Jimmy was determined to make his basketball team this year. Last year he got cut from the team. Jimmy practiced playing pickup games all summer long. Jimmy also grew 3 inches since last year. Jimmy was so glad when he made the team this year.
I knew my boss was gay, but I didn't think he was prejudice. One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk. My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office. There he said I wasn't qualified and should do something not so hard. The statement was like what the white teacher said to young Malcolm X.
Jessica was the oldest of 4 siblings. She was the only one that was still single. Jessica's younger sister got engaged. Jessica had a very hard time understanding how she was still single. She decided to be happy for her sister and know her time would come.
Jen had 60 snack size bags of candy to sell for her school fundraiser. Every now and then, she'd snack on a bag herself. The day before the money was due, she realized she had eaten it all! She had to come up with 60 dollars by the next day. Fortunately her dad loaned her the money.
Today was a great day. We were able to purchase our very own kayaks! We were anxious to test them out and get on the water. We started paddling around and having a great time. I will never forget the day we got our new kayaks.
Alex adopted a dog from the pound. He brought the dog home and tried to bond with it. The dog bit Alex and made Alex very mad. After trying to teach the dog, Alex continued to be bit. Alex took the dog back to the pound and returned it.
Barry wanted to switch up his hairstyle. Barry was tired of wearing his hair in cornrows. Barry decided it was time to cut his cornrows off. Barry was scared of the change, but decided to embrace it. Barry was disappointed that he cut his hair off.
Anna found a lovely pair of boots online. She ordered them right away. She was so excited to get them and wear them! But when they arrived, they were too small. Anna reluctantly returned them for a new pair.
Tom was about to go to a party. He realized he needed a fancy shirt. Then he remembered his mother bought him a fancy shirt. Tom put the shirt on. He ended up having fun the whole night.
It was sunny when Alice went for an afternoon walk. She wore light clothing because it was very hot. During her walk it began to rain unexpectedly. Alice began to run home. Alice was soaked by the time she arrived home.
Chris set up a picnic outside with his girlfriend. They made sandwiches together. A few minutes later, a rain shower occurred. Chris quickly packed the food inside of the basket. He left with his girlfriend to go home.
Ed got his first credit card. He ate out eight times the first month he had it. He also bought himself some new electronics. He was shocked when he got his first bill. He vowed he would be more careful in his spending.
Jim wanted a new computer. He went to the local electronics store to check some out. He looked over all the computers. They were all too expensive. He decided to build his own computer.
Gabriella was in court for a crime she didn't commit. It was a difficult case but her lawyer was good. He was trying to prove her innocence and Gabriella hoped it worked. They waited eagerly for the verdict. Luckily, Gabriella was cleared of any charges and set free.
I bought a new car. However, the car could not play CDs. It only played the radio. I really hated songs on the radio. I decided to install a CD player so I could play my music.
Uncle Damien liked to play cards for money. He usually only bet a few dollars in a friendly game with friends. But when he went to Vegas, he tried his hand at a high stake game. His wife feared he'd lose it all. But he came out winning more than he did in one year.
Josh felt his family had become disconnected over time. He decided to arrange a family party to bring everyone together. Josh's family arrived and everyone began to talk to each other. The party inspired Josh's family to spend more time together. Now Josh's family has a party every month and they're much closer.
Melanie and her friends loved to play kickball. Everyday at recess they would run to the field. They had a blast kicking the big red ball. Melanie and her friends were always there everyday. They spent many afternoons playing and having fun together.
We wanted to make a kitchen table out of scrap lumber. We went to a scrapyard to see what was available. After looking through some pieces, we decided on old walnut. Paying the for the lumber, we headed home. It's going to be a good project to build this table!
We went to the local graveyard. It is several hundred years old. We looked at the old graves. People dressed as zombies told the tales of the dead. We were enthralled by the stories, and really enjoyed the visit.
Walton bought a package of meat to cook for supper. He set it on the counter and went to his room to change. Walton's cat jumped onto the counter by the meat. The cat began to eat the meat. Walton was surprised to see the cat when he walked back in the room.
Prima was very old fashioned. Her suitor had just received permission from her parents to court her. The suitor showed up, wearing formal clothes. They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again. Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going.
Mike had been anticipating the Dub Show car show all year. A week before the show Mike put on Facebook the show would be special. Two reporters made appointments to interview Mike at the show. A day before the show Mike crashed into the back of another car. He cursed on facebook he crashed his car and many people were sad.
Tim buys a new toaster. But the toaster is defective. So he brings it back to the store where he bought it. He buys a name brand toaster. The new toaster works great.
Ashley is a college student who has one year left. She is going for her early education degree. She is stressed out and drowning in school work on a daily basis. When she gets overwhelmed she just reminds herself she is almost done. Soon she will be a working teacher and all this work will pay off.
I went to the bowling alley with a friend. This was the first time she had gone bowling. I had to show her how to hold the ball. She was very good at bowling. She beat me in every game!
Jimmy was brushing his teeth. He noticed his toothpaste tasted odd. He suddenly realized he used hair gel instead of toothpaste. Jimmy quickly spit out the gel in his mouth. Afterwards he rinsed out his mouth with water.
I was looking through the store. There seems to be nothing left in candy section. Out in the corner of my eye I seen a weird candy bar. I decided to go ahead and buy it. The candy bar tasted horribly and I regret buying it.
Last week I decided to take an art class. I was the last one to sign up. I definitely was not an artist. Yet I wanted to try to learn. By the end of the classes I was pretty good.
Rose was 62 and had never been married before. She had accepted the fact that she would never have a partner. She met Henry at Bingo, he was 65 and also single. They hit it off and were soon inseparable. A year later they got married and are very happy.
Jane was two years old. She was afraid of dogs. Her next door neighbor had a new puppy. Jane went to meet the puppy. She decided she wasn't scared anymore!
Tony woke up late for work. He rushed through his morning routine. He drove as fast as he could. When Tony arrived at work he discovered his boss was sick. His boss was not at work and no one else noticed that Tony was late.
John sat in the audience of the awards show. The announcer listed all the nominees in the category. Fear gripped John as the announcer finished the list. The winner of best director went to Dave. John swore loudly and people looked at him strangely.
My guitar amp stopped working one day. I needed to replace it so I got in my car. I drove to the local guitar shop. I found a nice cheap amp and bought it. I brought it home and played with it for a while.
Jamie needed to clean her house. Her windows were filthy! She got Windex and paper towels. She climbed carefully onto the roof. She scrubbed each window until it shined.
A bird flew in the sky and landed on a tree by my house. I noticed it and went to the window to see it better. I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was. She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it. She told me that it was most likely as goldfinch.
Tom and Sally went to the Mexican restaurant for dinner. Tom ordered fajitas, and listened to the mariachi band. While eating, he realized it was margarita night. He ordered a margarita. After dinner, he paid for their meal and decided to head home.
Bob is driving down the highway. Out of nowhere something flashes in front of his car. Before he can do anything the object slams into his windshield. They pull over and realize that a wild turkey smashed into his car. Luckily Bob's insurance covers it.
Sam wanted to be the best wrestler at his school. Everyday after school he worked out and drilled wrestling moves. By the next wrestling season Sam had improved tremendously. He could pin everyone at his school. That same year Sam won the wrestling state championships.
I inside an auto parts store to the counter. On the ground there was a $5 bill. I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it. I slid the money in my pocket without anyone seeing. I used the money to buy a new brake light.
I bought a spaghetti squash to cook for dinner. It tried to cut it so I could cook it. Unfortunately, it was very hard and my knife slipped. It cut my hand very badly. I threw the squash away and ordered a pizza instead.
Gary went to a motorcycle bar for a drink. He saw a long line of motorcycles parked next to each other. Gary tripped and fell when he came out of the bar. He bumped into a motorcycle and it tipped over. The motorcycle tipped the next one over and they all fell down!
I walked through a empty street on my way home. I felt something touch my shoulder, as if to get my attention. I turned around but no one was there. I saw a branch on the ground next to me. I figured that it was the branch that I felt.
Fanny's dream was to go to Paris. She saved her money and bought a ticket to Paris. She had the time of her life and wanted to live there. Fanny eventually moved to Paris and still lives there today. Fanny just became a French citizen last week.
Lucy's mom was upset with her. She had run off toward the road. Her mom yelled and ran after her. She lectured her sternly. Now Lucy is afraid of the road.
Elizabeth filled out her college application with a special pen. She was soon accepted. Then, Jane used the pen on a big test. She got an A. Jane decided the pen must be good luck.
Bob came out to his car and was annoyed to see a parking ticket on it. He realized he had failed to notice the sign halfway down the block. He thought about fighting the ticket, but thought better of it. He had to admit that he had no one to blame but himself. He paid the ticket and resolved to be more aware next time.
Ramona's dog was not feeling too well. Ramona decided to take him to the vet. The vet confirmed the dog was sick. She prescribed the dog medication. The dog was ordered to take it for two weeks.
Tim's class was supposed to sell candy for a fundraiser. Tim's stomach grumbled when the teacher handed out the candy. On the bus ride home, Tim ate most of the candy intended for sale. When the money was due, Tim was frantic. He told the teacher his candy money was robbed.
Jeff had never been to an opera before. He was excited and curious to see what would happen. He arrived at the opera house with his date. He took his seat and the show began. He couldn't believe how amazing it sounded, he was hooked.
Jana has decided she wants to move to a different town. Jana begins to read about towns on the coast. Jana narrows down her target towns to two in particular. Jana looks at real estate listings online in these two towns. Jana makes an appointment with a realtor to look at homes.
Rita wanted to learn how to do her own makeup. She bought new makeup. She watched videos online. She practiced every day. She then became a makeup artist.
Barry recently got in a accident with his bicycle. While, Barry was good, his bike was destroyed. Barry decided it was time to purchase a new bike. As Barry was searching, he saw a new bike that resembled his old one. Barry decided to purchase the bike, as it reminded him of his old one.
David was constantly made fun of for having acne. He tried many different products and nothing seemed to work. David started washing his blankets more often. David also used a new towel after showering more often. After a couple months, David's acne cleared up.
Sam was in jail for robbing a bank. One day, the guard forgot to lock Sam's cell. Sam pushed open his cell door and ran past the other guards. Sam made it outside and climbed the fence to freedom! Sam was never found and remained a free man for the rest of his life.
Tina found a new show on Netflix. She decided to watch an episode or two. She was immediately hooked. Tina wound up binge watching the entire first season. She spent the entire week watching the rest.
Stacy was excited to be going to the state fair. She planned her day to take in every attraction. Then, Stacy smelled the aroma of deep-fried goodies. She stopped at each vendor to sample the wares. Two hours later, Stacy was back at the car with a belly ache.
I was looking for my chess clock as a friend was coming over to play. I play online most of the time. My wife could not find the clock. I dug under a pile and found the clock on the bottom. I ended up not using it.
Susie wanted her belly pierced. All her friends got it done. So she went behind her mom's back to do it. Her mom eventually found out. Susie then was grounded.
Lucy was lost when an elderly woman offered to help. The woman offered to give her a ride home. Lucy realized she didn't know her grandparents address. The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder. The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station.
Will had always grown a mustache, as long as he could remember. But when his granddaughter was a year old, Will shaved his mustache. When Will's granddaughter saw him she started crying. She didn't recognize her grandfather without his mustache! Everyone laughed later when they remembered the story.
Jessica loved to wear denim a lot. In fact, she loved it more than velvet. One day, she tried to find her denim pants. She searched for hours and hours. Finally, she found them in the washer.
Tom bought a new house. He had a good paying job. Unfortunately his company got in legal trouble. They had to lay off several employees. Tom was laid off and unable to keep the house.
Uma promised to watch only one episode of her favorite show. After the episode ended, she wanted to watch another. She ended up watching every episode. By the time she was done, it was morning. Uma had watched the whole show over night.
Ryan's grandmother had cooked beef tongue. No one had told Ryan what the tongue was. Ryan tried eating the tongue. He liked it so much he had seconds. Later, his grandmother told him what he had eaten.
Tom hated mowing the lawn. He didn't even want to buy a lawn mower. He decided to just pay someone else to do it. Tom figured it would cost the same for about 5 years. Tom continued to do that indefinitely.
Ava was excited to finally get child support for her kids. Her first payment was twice as much as expected. She was excited she went clothes shopping with the money. The next payment she did not get because of the overpayment. Ava wished she would have spent the money more wisely.
Eloise decided to confront her eating disorder. She tried to stop stuffing her mouth with food hour after hour. She went to a professional for help. The professional stitched her lips together. Eloise sued the professional for malpractice.
Lance was making his way to school one morning. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a lost dog. The dog seemed hesitant, but friendly enough. Lance skipped school and took the dog home. His parents were upset at first, but ended up adopting him.
Tom was driving home. He got a speeding ticket. Tom didn't think he was speeding. He fought it in court. The courts found in the cop's favor.
Erin had been searching for weeks for her wedding dress. She saw a new boutique on her way home, and stopped in to look. The sales lady asked what she liked, and they tried several gowns. Nothing really popped, and the sales lady brought out one more dress. Erin felt like a queen in the beautiful gown, and the Dress was found.
Jason had never been a great baseball player. However, he wanted to improve at baseball to impress his friends. Jason practiced very hard to get better at batting. Finally, he hit a home run in a baseball game. Jason was very happy he had practiced so much.
Charles wanted to change the look of his living room. He really liked the look of a designed paneling. Charles estimated the cost to cover his walls with the paneling. He decided it would be much cheaper just to paint instead. Charles painted his living room instead.
Tom's power went out in his apartment. He tried to use an old flashlight. Unfortunately the battery had died. Tom tried to find more batteries but didn't have any. He had to stumble in the dark until he found some candles.
Carl took a shower before he left for work. He reached for the soap but there was none. He tried to scrub all the dirt off as best he could. Carl stayed in the shower for an extra ten minutes. He came out as clean as he could be.
Harriet was tired of her posh existence in London. She took a taxi to the airport. She bought a ticket for the first plane out of London. A few hours later, she arrived in Mogadishu. Harriet realized her mistake when a camel tried to eat her hat.
Tim had never been on a cruise. He didn't realize he would get so motion sick. Nothing he took helped make him feel better. Tim spent the entire trip sick in his room. He never took another cruise again.
A man drank a soda. As he drank it, another man tripped and fell. The man with the soda laughed at the tripper's misfortune. The soda went up his nose, and the carbonation burned painfully. He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts.
A group of boys would not sit down on the school bus. The bus driver asked them to sit down. The refused to sit down. The bus stopped very suddenly. The group of boys tumbled down the aisle.
Gina's sister had cut her foot badly. There were bloody footprints all over the sidewalk. They continued to the back door of her house. Her sister had lost a lot of blood. Gina was scared she would need to go to the hospital.
I came home yesterday and got a big surprise. All of my friends had gathered. They had planned a birthday party for me. There was food, drinks, and presents. It was such a good time.
My sister and I used to always play outside together. One day we were playing and we saw this huge worm. We decided to find a stick and slice him in half. When we did this, each half of the worm went in a different direction! We were immensely grossed out and ran away screaming and laughing.
Arnold kept bullying James who sits in front of him in class. He always sticks a pencil through Jame's hair. The teacher caught Arnold playing around. He got kicked out of class. A hall monitor saw him walking in the halls and gave him detention.
Jeremy was on an online forum. The forum members wanted to raid a college app. Jeremy decided to participate. He made a rude post on the college app. Unfortunately, he was immediately banned from the app.
An barn owl used to live in the tree in our yard. At night, the owl would fly from its perch. It swooped over the yard looking for mice. The owl would catch mice for its babies. Eventually we cut down the tree, and the owl left.
I had three shower brushes. Two of the broke in months. The heads were poorly attached. I am disabled and need a shower brush. I went online and bought a sturdy brush.
The American team led the High School game one to nothing. It was the World Series and Puerto Rico was batting. It was the last inning and runners were on first and second. The pitcher looked once at second before every pitch. When the count was 3-2, he looked twice and picked off the runner.
It was Oliver's first birthday. His mom had given him a cupcake. When she checked on him, she saw that he had frosting everywhere. She and her husband put the baby in the shower. Then, they cleaned him and his clothes up.
Anna went to a concert with her friend, who had an extra ticket. She did not know the band but expected a good time. But her friend got drunk right away and was very loud and rude! Anna was embarrassed to even stand near her! She ended up having a terrible time at the concert.
Benny noticed the chocolate fountain. It was turned off but he was trying to reactivate it. He noticed a small plug below the fountain. His but bumped the fountain when he bent down. Benny ran away when the fountain fell and cracked.
Jill wanted to be a famous musician. She played the piano. She practiced everyday for hours after school. She eventually became so good that she got a record label. Jill was an overnight sensation after people heard her music.
Warren was walking home from the store. He was wearing some worn out sandals. Suddenly, he felt a pain in his foot. He looked and saw a chunk of glass in his foot. He pulled it out and blood began streaming from his foot.
Anthony met a girl and fell in love right away. But they didn't have anything in common. Anthony invited her to his house but they didn't have fun. He called her the following day and a man answered her cellphone. He said she was busy mothering his kids.
Luc's car was making a weird noise. He took it into the shop. the mechanic said Luc needed an engine. Luc paid for the repair. Afterwards, his car ran fine again!
The artist wanted to make a new piece. He got some canvas and set it up. After studying it for a while, he began. Flying over the canvas with paint he worked like a whirlwind. After several hours the piece was finished.
Tom was in a long term relationship. He became bored and started cheating. Eventually his girlfriend found out. She decided to break up with him. Tom was actually relieved.
Thor lived in Iceland near a volcano. One day, the volcano exploded. Thor ran but the lava caught up to him. Thor stood on top of a tiny rock as the lava encircled it. Thor had to wait until a helicopter came to rescue him.
The man accused his wife of lying. The woman insisted she was telling the truth. He found proof she was lying. He presented the proof. The woman asked for the man's forgiveness.
In class one day, we heard a loud bang. We were terrified that it might be an explosion. We sat frozen and worried. The teacher went out to investigate. Someone had only slammed the locker door too loudly.
I've been eating popcorn at the theatre. I couldn't enjoy the movie at all. There was a piece of popcorn stuck in my teeth. I tried getting it out. However, I couldn't get it out with my tongue.
Zach is enjoying his Thursday night alone. He texts his girlfriend to see what she is doing. She says she is bored, so she comes over. She brings a couple friends, eventually it turns into a party. Now Zach has no privacy, and his calm night is gone.
Rachel wanted to wear her mom's dress. It was much too big. She took it to a designer. It was redesigned especially for her day. On her wedding, it was absolutely gorgeous.
Johnny went on vacation with his family to asia. He learned to eat with chopsticks while he was there. Upon returning to the United States, he missed the chop sticks. He searched grocery stores looking for them. He eventually found some for sale and stocked up buying hundreds.
Payday was two days away and Ed was down to his last $10. As he walked to work, a hungry looking panhandler asked him for money. Ed knew the man needed the money more than him, so he gave it to him. When he got to the office, Ed had a nice surprise. He had won $250 in the office football pool!
John had been procrastinating for his work project all week. It was Friday night and it had to be submitted tomorrow. He stayed up all night working on his project. He drank 4 cans of red bull to stay awake. He finally finished his project at 7 AM in the morning.
Sparky loved computer games. He would take his laptop to bed with him. Then he would be tired the next day. His mother found out about this. She started locking his computer in her car at night.
Tim was the star of a new movie. He started filming it but he did not do very well. He realized it was because of nerves. He took a deep breath and tried to relax. Everything went fine after.
Two men played tennis at night in a lit court. During a volley, an owl swooped in and seized their last ball. The owl flew off into the night, hooting. The men could not agree whether to call it a draw. They parted angrily, and never spoke again.
We moved to Cambridge in 2013. Our apartment overlooks Fresh Pond. I started to read up on the history of the pond. I looked on the internet but found nothing much. I just bought a history of the pond, and intend to read it.
Jon was a college freshman. He was failing his engineering class. He decided to get help. He hired a tutor. The tutor helped him pass his engineering class.
Sparky is a third grader. One day he came home with a scarecrow to cut out and color. The whole family got involved cutting and coloring. Sparky took it back to school to turn it in. The teacher gave him an A.
George had entered a quilt into a competition. Quilting wasn't his thing but the cash prize appealed to him. He had tried his best but his quilt was pretty shabby. He wasn't surprised when he learned that his quilt did not win. Still he had fun and vowed to try again.
Virginia had a very big bell. This bell meant a lot to Virginia as well. One day, the bell went missing. Virginia began searching everywhere for the bell. Eventually, Virginia found the bell in her bedroom.
Our 2 year old granddaughter visited from NYC last weekend. Her uncle took her to a party store. He bought her a toy recorder. She loved blowing into it. Her parents were less than thrilled.
We took a two week vacation to France last year. We spent five days outside the city and the rest of the time in Paris. We were out shopping one day when low flying planes flew overhead. It was a practice run for their Bastille Day parade. We were thrilled to get to sit and watch it.
There was a boy who went by the nickname Leafy. Leafy was born with an unusually small chin. Leafy was constantly being harassed at school for his small chin. One day leafy was fed up with the constant harassment. Leafy raised head head up and his chin out and walked with confidence.
Ben loved the natural history museum. His favorite was the dinosaur exhibit. As he headed towards the massive skeletons and fossils, he paused. A golden tomb caught his eye. Ben left that day a new fan of ancient Egypt.
Ginnifer loved to paint. She went to the art store to buy supplies for a new painting. She bought a set of oil paint and brushes. When she got home, she started working on her painting. She painted a pretty picture of a countryside sunset.
Jonathan is driving his new car for the first time. He is very nervous about driving. Jonathan pulls out in front of Sara's car and the two cars hit. Sara is hurt and Jonathan's car is totaled. Jonathan's dad said, "You will not be driving for a very long time."
Kara wanted to go swimming. She went to the lake. There, she dove into the water. She swam for almost an hour! After, she felt refreshed and happy.
Joana loves buying shoes but not wearing it. One day when she counted her shoes it was fifty four pairs. When her mother got sick they lack out of money. She decided to sell it even it was her collection. But when her mother is fine she realized selling her shoes is worth it.
Irie loved to have fun. She particularly enjoyed jumping around the house. Irie's parents bought a trampoline for the backyard. Irie was so happy to have her own trampoline to jump on. She spent a lot of time on it and learned a lot of cool tricks.
Carlton was making a sandwich. He decided to cut the sandwich in half. Carlton accidently cut his finger. He bandaged his wound. Carlton finally ate his sandwich.
Erik wanted to run a food truck. He drew up a business plan. Erik was able to borrow money to start his business. His food truck did well. He was able to quickly pay off his loan and buy a new truck.
Tim was an aspiring pop star. He spent countless hours practicing his singing and dancing. Tim decided to sing in a busy street corner for some cash. A talent scout noticed Tim's singing voice. The talent scout offered Tim a record deal.
Rodney had a big test coming up in school. He needed to do well on the test in order to pass the class. He wanted to study but his friends kept asking him to go out with them. He decided that studying can wait and went out with his friends. Rodney did not do well on his test because he didn't study enough.
Jorge has always wanted to learn his father's famous recipe for beans. Finally the day has arrived for Jorge to learn. He spends the entire day with his father learning each step. Once he has learned, he practices making beans at his own home. Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father's recipe for beans.
I had saved up enough money to go on a week long vacation. I took off of work in preparation and packed everything up. After hours of packing, my girlfriend and I left for the airport. We spent five relaxing days on pristine beaches with clear water. We were sad to come home but excited to plan our next vacation.
Sally had been putting change in a big jar for years. It was full of all sorts of change, not just pennies. When she wanted her very own cell phone she decided to count it out. There was $482 dollars in the jar. That was enough to buy the phone she wanted.
Krystie went from the store and taking her 5 year old along with her. Because she couldn't have her way, Zoey, threw a fit in the store. After repeated warnings, Krystie spanked Zoey several times. A shopper alerted security who called the police. When the officer told Krystie not to discipline her child, she hit him.
The girls went to the pond. They caught a giant frog. They took it home and put it in a bucket. They showed it to all their friends. The frog lived with them for a month.
My sister called me yesterday. She spoke at length about her latest problem. When she was done speaking, I offered her advice. Her response to my advice was to say that I was jealous. I hung up the phone on her at that point and our talk ended.
Yesterday I was walking around my room barefoot. All of the sudden I stepped on something. I stepped on an earring. I was horrified. Thankfully I was alright however.
My brother-in-law Dutchie died two weeks ago. He was ninety years old, and had been sick for awhile. Dutchie died in the hospice on a Friday night, surrounded by family. The family had a mass for Dutchie on a Saturday. Dutchie was buried in a military cemetery a few days after the mass.
This morning I was feeling lousy. I didn't even feel like eating. I forced myself to eat something though and ordered soup. When the chicken soup came to my door I was relieved. The soup was refreshing.
Aaron's cat was exceedingly cute. Nobody could resist its precious, blue-eyed gaze. The cat became very tame and friendly from all the attention. Aaron decided to participate in a cat show. His cat won a silver medal.
Earl owned a small farm. One day, it rained for nine hours straight. Earl's farm was a total mud pit! He tried to drive his truck, but it just got stuck in the mud. Earl decided to stay home until it dried out.
Peter was starving. He wanted something spicy and fried. He decided to go get some wings. He went to a local bar and ordered a dozen. He gobbled them up in record time.
John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. John was so happy with the result, he got another cat.
Amy was at lunch with her friend Lynn. May came over to deliver the bad news. Amy's friend Kim was gossiping about Amy. Kim didn't think Ben liked Amy. And she had been telling anyone who would listen.
Kirk went to the bank to deposit a check. He was very late for work but stood in line anyway. The line moved very slowly. To pass the time he took a lollipop in one of the bowls. He had finished the lollipop when it was finally his turn.
Karen wanted to preserve her high position within her firm. So every time newcomers came, she'd cut their way up. She had become the bad guy of the office very fast by her behavior. And when it was time to evaluate the staff, she was fired. Karen fumed as she didn't understand why.
Bill loved to gamble. He beat Tom he could run faster than him. The two raced down the street. Tom won the race. Now Bill has no money left.
This summer my wife and I went on a vacation to the beach. It was on Hilton Head and was sunny and nice the whole time. We had a great spot near the beach and walked it every morning. We stayed a week and it was the best vacation ever. We are planning on going back soon because it was so awesome.
Tanya had just turned sixteen. Her mom would never let her dye her hair before she was this old. She already knew what color she wanted and everything. Yet at the last moment she had her doubts. She decided to give her own natural hair color a chance.
Cierra was feeling frumpy. She bought a bunch of makeup. She experimented with it until she liked the look. Cierra felt more attractive and energetic. She felt ready to take on the world!
Tammy had a gambling addiction. Most forms are outlawed where she lives. Except for dog racing. She goes every weekend. The owners have considered banning her for her own good.
Sam and Tom were fighting over a blanket. Sam wanted the blanket for his bed. Tom wanted the blanket for his fort. They tugged back and forth. Sam pulled harder and won the fight.
Tom moved to a new city. It was much hotter than where he lived. The city was going through a heat wave. Tom could barely handle it. He didn't go outside for days.
Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods. We drive up north into the mountains. This past summer we went camping in New England. We had a great time. I can't wait to go back.
One day I was shopping with a friend. We noticed that the shopping center began to swarm with people. Then we noticed sirens and may police cars and officers. Then we heard music and clapping. We turned to see that the President of the US had come to town!
Moe decided to run for president. He promised everything he could think of to gain votes. A girl asked him to make college free. Moe told her he'd do that if she voted for him. The girl got excited and promised she would.
About a week ago Bob's tooth broke in his mouth while eating. It began to feel jagged so he called the dentist. Bob hates going to the dentist because it always hurts. He arrived at the dentist feeling apprehensive. The dentist was nice but needed to clean his teeth first.
Brandon is going to soccer. Brandon has to be a good listener to coach. Brandon kicks the ball to his teammates. Sometimes Brandon doesn't get to kick the ball. Brandon's team loses, but they still had lots of fun.
Jimmy was getting bullied at school. He was getting pushed into the lockers everyday. Jimmy decided to tell his principal. The principal told his bully to stop. Jimmy was proud that he took the initiative to deal with his problems.
A friend and I were walking through a wooded area. We came upon a VCR hidden under some leaves. I noticed a VHS was in it and wondered if it was from a robbery. A bunch of spiders started to pour out of the VCR. I threw it back down and we ran away.
Pat was getting ready for bed one night in his very dark bedroom. He opened his drawer and quickly bent down to grab some pajamas. As he bent down he hit his right eye very hard on the drawer. He quickly realized that he could not see out of his right eye. Pat went to the ER where they told him he was blind in his right eye.
Harrison was the first to panic when his wife became menopausal. He paced the house completely out of sort. His wife looked at him calm on the couch. Harrison asked her how she could be so calm. She said she was menopausal not that she changed into a man.
The man bought a gift. He gave it to his mom for Mother's Day. His mom was delighted. She told her sister about the gift. Her sister was jealous about the nice gift.
George wanted to become a lawyer. He studied day and night with the help of his friends. George took the BAR exam, but he failed. George was disappointed, so he studied harder and took the test again. George passed the BAR and achieved his dream of becoming a lawyer.
Katie was on her daily walk when she found a wallet. She looked in it for identification and found an ID. She called the person and told them about the wallet. Katie was happy she was able to return the wallet. The owner rewarded her with a small amount of cash.
Danielle's puppy was very sick. She took the puppy to the veterinarian. The veterinarian gave it medication. The puppy began to feel better. Danielle was very happy.
Ross signed up for a 6 mile race that was two months away. However, Ross had only been running about 3 miles every time. He realized he needed to buckle down and train. He made more time for running and slowly increased his distance. Ross was surprised and proud when he placed 3rd in the race.
Kelly loved breakfast sandwiches. So she decided to order one. However they did not have any healthy ones. Kelly splurged anyways and ordered two of them. It was delicious and she wanted more.
Lucy saw a billboard sign for the state lottery jackpot. She went to the store to buy a lotto ticket. Lucy watched the drawing that night at 10pm. She grabbed the ticket from her purse to check the numbers. Lucy realized she matched all 6 numbers and hit the jackpot!
John grew up in a small rural town and wanted to move. He began to search for jobs outside of his state online. While searching he discovered that a job fair was being held nearby. John attended the fair and received several job offers on the spot. In three months he moved to New York and was pursuing his dreams.
Kim was using her computer during a storm. Lightning hit near her house and took out her electrical system. It fried the computer she was using. Kim decided it was time to buy a new one anyway. She now had the perfect excuse to do so.
Tammy likes to eat oranges on her lunch break. She always goes to the store across the street to buy one. She goes to the store as usual on her break. They sold out of oranges just ten minutes before Tammy arrived. A young lady saw Tammy and gave her one of her just bought oranges.
Tim bought a very fast car. He began racing other cars at the legal drag race strip. He bought a GT Ford Mustang. He raced a faster car than his, a ZO6 Corvette. Tim won because he shifted the gears faster.
Jill hires her best friend. Six months later her friend is promoted above Jill. Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill. She doesn't talk to her friend for two months. Eventually Jill apologizes because she realizes she is being childish.
The stamp collector looked at his collection. One of his rare stamps was missing. The collector reported the stamp stolen. He filed a claim with his insurance. He collected eight thousand dollars for the stamp.
Every year, Anna vowed to send out Christmas cards. But she never had the time. Finally, when her twins turned nine, she got portraits taken. She had cards made up and mailed out. Anna was proud of finally sending out Christmas cards!
My sister-in-law has been smoking for over 40 years. She tried to stop several times. She used nicotine patches, without success. Chantix worked but only for awhile. She is sadly back to smoking a pack a day.
Gary is very good at basketball, but his dad is better. So Gary practiced every single day so he could beat his dad. Eventually, Gary challenged his dad to a game of 1 on 1. His dad was shocked how much better Gary got! Gary ended up beating his dad by 1 point, and is now better than him.
June enjoyed nature and spending time outdoors. She decided to try to explore the woods near her office. June had set out late in the day when she started exploring. Because she was not familiar with the area, June got lost easily. June was lost in the woods for 48 hours.
Marco has always wanted a computer. However, he is afraid he can't afford one. One day, Marco's brother gives Marco his old computer. Marco loves it! He is glad that he finally has a computer.
Tom took Sandy to the fourth of July fair. They ate hot dogs, french fries and a lot of cotton candy. Then they went on some thrilling fairway rides. After going on all the rides, Tom won a big Teddy bear for Sandy. Holding hands and watching fireworks before leaving was the best part!
Jake took his family to the movies. He got some popcorn for everyone. His children got bored and started throwing popcorn at each other. People became incredibly annoyed. The usher kicked Jake and his family out.
Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark. When every prediction came true his friends were in awe. They asked him to do it for the next day. His predictions turned out to be sheer luck. Eli's friends were angry when they lost money on their purchases.
Jenny had never been ice skating before. She had roller skated so she thought it wouldn't be too hard. She fell almost as soon as she got on the ice. Ice skating was much harder than roller skating. After about an hour she was able to make it around without falling.
Brody was a picky eater. He only wanted fries. His mom let him eat fries all the time. His dad finally said no more fries. Eventually he ate other things.
Bryan woke up one day and realized it was cold. He looked through his closet but realized that his sweater had a hole. He left to the store and decided to buy a new sweater. He bought  a black one since he loved wearing black. He left to school with his new sweater and felt comfortable.
Last week I was at a friend's bbq. They had a pool and there were kids running around. One of the slipped and fell into the pool. Everyone freaked out but someone jumped in to pull him out. The kid was alright but it gave us all a good scare.
Charlie dressed up in a tuxedo for his wedding. He was about to go down the aisle and took a swig of whiskey. He wasn't careful and the whiskey went down his chin and dripped. He noticed the large brown spot on his white shirt. Charlie panicked and decided not to go down the aisle.
Tom and his roommate Joe made silly bets all the time. On Sunday, they bet on a football game. Tom bet that the Steelers would beat the Patriots. Both guys watched the game intently. Tom lost that ridiculous bet!
My family and I lived in South Carolina. We heard the weather report about a big storm. We heard a loud noise from the sky. The noise sound like the horn of a train. Everyone immediately took shelter.
Lauren got a hotel room for the weekend. She was super excited. Her husband and her needed to get drunk. The weekend was awesome. She needed to take more time off in the future.
Jessica just got married to Adonis. Soon after the marriage, she started to pull away. Adonis was getting very worried. They decided to go to marriage counseling to work it out. Surprisingly, they worked it out and stayed together.
A few years ago, everyone around me was learning to skateboard. I wanted to try to do it to, but had no experience. I went to the shop and bought a skateboard. I took the board home and practiced for days. I never learned to skate properly.
Bill and Ed decided to go fishing. They packed up the boat and went out on the lake. They threw their lines into the water. Ed caught two fish, and Bill didn't catch any. They took the fish home and ate them for dinner.
Amanda got a job writing for the school paper. She was given her first article. She was so nervous and scared she would mess up, but wrote it anyway. She turned the article into her editor. The editor read her article and loved it.
One day a new car showed up in our building's garage. The car was covered and we were curious. Last week the owner took the cover off. It was a restored 1965 Mustang. I took a selfie and posted it on Snapchat.
Carl is training for a marathon. One day it was raining hard, and didn't want to ruin his shoes. Carl finds old dirty sneakers in his closet. He decided to run in his old shoes instead. Carl was happy his expensive running shoes stayed dry.
Tess wanted to improve her ranking on her tennis team. She asked the coach for help. The coach gave her drills to do. Tess did the drills. Tess improved her ranking on her tennis team.
Today Ally went to the beach. There were lots of people at the beach. The sun was very hot. Sally forgot sunscreen Sally had to go home.
Jill was very hungry. So she decided to make a hamburger using ground beef. But she was anxious to eat it. She didn't cook it all the way through. And after eating it, she became very sick.
Bob went to the gym with his friend Sam. He was able to bench press 200 pounds. He was shocked at how strong he was. Then he found out each weight was 50 pounds, not 100. He had only lifted 100 pounds.
Tia's doctor told her bad news. She had been drinking too much caffeine! Tia had to quit caffeine. She missed her morning coffee. But she switched it for tea, which was much healthier!
Tom received his phone bill. It was magnitudes higher than he expected. Tom couldn't figure out why. He then looked at his data. He had been wasting it when he thought he was using wifi.
My mom missed her daily half hour of news. She watches it daily and got really upset that she missed it. I had tried to record it for her but wasn't successful! I told her she could watch it later in the day online. She was very happy that she was able to watch it.
Jessica had to go to the city. She went to some museums. She really enjoyed the artwork at the MET. She took a lot of photographs. She was there for hours.
One morning, Joe woke up in a frenzy. He realized that he had forgotten about a test that was that day. Quickly, Joe wrote some information on a note to cheat off of. During the test, the teacher noticed him cheating. Joe got a zero on the test and the teacher called his parents.
Manny and Don had to do a project for school. They decided to make a competition out of it. They both worked tirelessly to make sure their projects were the best. It came time to show their projects to the class, Don's was the best. The loser paid for the winners next meal.
Hallie was running outside barefoot. She stepped on a piece of glass. Hallie had to go see the doctor. She cut it so bad she had to have stitches. Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside.
Omar was doing poorly in English class. He needed to do well on his final test. He studied hard for it. On test day, he did his best. He was thrilled to find out he had scored a B!
Jim was at Costco. He was shopping for groceries. He ate lots of samples at the store. He was full by the time he checked out. He ate so much that he skipped dinner that night.
Monica was about to drive to work. It was winter and her car was freezing from overnight. To avoid the cold, she started her car before it was time to go. She left the heater running as she finished getting ready. When it was time to go her car was already nice and toasty.
When I started my Chemotherapy treatment, I met a Pharmacist. We remained in contact for several months. When I completed my treatment, she offered an internship. I gladly accepted the offer. She guided me throughout the process of creating chemicals.
He was pumped for the new trailer to be released. He thought this was going to be one of the best movies yet. Not only did it have different villains But it also had new super heroes. Now he just had to wait for the movie to come out!
There was an old abandoned barn across the street from my house. My parents didn't want me to go in there. All of the other kids and I would sneak into the barn. There was a long rope hanging from the rafters. It was fun to swing on the rope and let go, landing in the hay.
I had a lot of dirty dishes. It made my house smell. I couldn't take the smell. I decided to finally do the dishes. After that the house smelled great.
Anne was born and raised in California. She spent the majority of her life there and needed a change. Anne decided to move to Florida and make a life there. She got a job and a boyfriend and liked her new apartment. Anne missed California but was feeling like Florida was now home!
Sandy loved tanning. She would go twice every month. She kept getting more brown. Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality. She had gotten the first stages of skin cancer.
Henry was across the country on vacation. He had rented a flashy new rental car for the trip. Throughout the week he found himself impressed by the car. Soon, he was so into the car he decided to get one for himself. After his trip he made the arrangements to buy a new car.
Tom had a toy bulldozer. He lover playing with it. He wanted a real one, however. So he studied hard in school. When he graduated, he got to use a real bulldozer
Mose was making a chicken roast in the oven. He had put it in and was reading while he waited. Suddenly he began to smell smoke. He looked up and saw bright orange coming from the stove. Something in the oven was on fire but he put it out.
Stan was terrified of snakes. He did his best to stay indoors at all times. He was at the park when he tripped over a hole. He turned around to see a long snake staring him in the eyes. He got up in a panic and ran full speed all the way home.
Molly had recently moved to a new city. She was trying to visit her new doctor. Unfortunately they couldn't find her medical records. She called her doctor and was able to retrieve them. Finally she was able to finish up her appointment.
Gemini was on a mission in Riyadh. He was following a Muslim cleric. He was steps away and drew his knife. The man turned around and he realized it wasn't him. Everyone in Saudi Arabia wore the same clothing.
Tim's friends were playing. Tim didn't want John to play. So he told John to stay in the imaginary dungeon. While John was in the dungeon he hummed a beautiful tune. He sang so good that Tim decided to play with him.
Rex was driving to his football practice. He noticed a sound coming from his car. He gets out to take a closer look. He pops the hood and finds smoke everywhere. Rex was so mad he blew his engine.
Dina had gotten a shirt for her birthday. She really didn't like the shirt. Dina brought the shirt back to the store. She got store credit for the shirt. Dina used the credit for a hat instead.
Theo was a high school aged boy. He wanted to go to college. His parents could not afford to send him to school. Theo decided to take out student loans to go to college. Theo graduated college and is in debt.
Kim was standing in the living room. There was something on her foot. She saw ants on the floor all around her. They were eating a piece of sucker she dropped earlier. She ran from the room screaming and crying.
Dale was a weatherman at a TV station in a small town. He was never very good in meteorology school. Every day, he predicted a small chance of rain, just to be safe. People loved that he always gave them a warning to bring an umbrella. Dale was promoted to head meteorologist because of his popularity.
After the watermelon floated for a while, It was cold. My cousin went to check on it. He came back saying there was a snake on it. We walked to the river bank to see. There was a black snake curled up on the watermelon.
One year my mother and I went shopping on Black Friday morning. We started outside Best Buy two hours before they opened. Even then, we were behind at least a hundred other waiting customers. When the door opened, people nearly climbed over each other to get in! Still, it was worth it to get the kinds of great deals we did.
Tim wasn't very athletic. He thought that would change if he joined a sport. He tried out for several teams. He didn't make the cut for any of them. Tim decided to train on his own instead.
The ballet dancers were so excited. It was finally time to get pointe shoes! They carefully laced them up. The first time they tried, they all fell down. The shoes would be hard to get used to!
The kids were playing in the living room. They were throwing a bouncy ball around. It hit the tv and shattered it! The dad was FURIOUS! The kids promised to work to help pay for it.
Eve had just moved to a new town and didn't know anyone. She was afraid she would never make any friends because she was shy. Then she decided to join a local church youth group. Everyone there was so very nice to her. She made tons of friends right away!
Sean was a fishing novice. He dreamed of fishing during the peak of salmon season. In a fit of eagerness, Sean went to fish salmon at the peak of season. Sean caught a massive salmon but his catch attracted a bear. The bear attacked and Sean barely escaped his trip with his life.
Vinnie and his dad used to collect bottle caps. When Vinnie was in seventh grade, his dad died of a heart attack. Vinnie carried on collecting bottle caps, keeping them in a shoe box. When his mom remarried, she put away all his dad's pictures. He came home from school to find she'd thrown out his bottle caps.
Andrea was at school when her friend came in. She was acting outrageous and loud, claiming to be drunk. Andrea checked her friend's water bottle and found no alcohol. She was annoyed that her friend was faking so she left. Luckily her friend found her later and apologized.
We went to a Chinese restaurant last week. The Jade Garden caters to Chinese diners. There was a menu in English and one in Chinese. The dishes in Chinese were not shown in the English menu. We ordered in English and got some good dishes.
Martin was walking his dog. He ran into a squirrel. The squirrel was angry. It was just protecting it's nest. His dog was a coward and tried to run away.
Jan feels sick all the time. Her parents don't believe her Finally they take her to the hospital. Doctors extract a 25 inch tape worm from her body. Jan is grossed out but she starts to feel much better.
Willy was at the lake fishing. He cast in his line and then felt it tug. Willy jerked the line hard to hook the fish. He reeled in the line as fast as he could. When the line surfaced, Willy saw that he had caught an old boot.
Lauren feels passionately about fashion and beauty. After high school, she decides to go to cosmetology school. While there, Lauren discovers that she is skilled at cutting hair. Lauren decides to become a hairdresser full time. She now owns a chair at a popular local salon.
Jake was nervous about a meeting at work the next day. He decided to have a drink to relax. Unfortunately Jake kept drinking. He was really hung over the next day. He wound up throwing up during the meeting.
Robin couldn't sleep. At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room. There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had. She found the news depressing and never watched it. She lay in bed watching Muppet Babies.
Matthew couldn't wait to play Mario Kart 8. He hooked his new Wii U up to the television. He waited patiently as the system updated. He carefully customized his vehicle. He was finally ready to race.
Tom had a crooked table. One day he put a heavy load on it and it fell apart. He decided to build his own. He cut down a tree and built a table from it. The new table was much stronger and could hold any heavy load.
Last week Peter decided to make pizza for all his friends. He went out to buy the ingredients. When he came back home he prepared all the ingredients. He made a large pizza for all his friends to enjoy. His friends came over and they all loved the pizza that Peter made.
Brock and his grandmother lived in a small house. Brock worked the fields everyday. One day he came home to a wonderful hot meal. He asked his grandmother what kind of meat was in the stew. His grandmother told him it was his old pet cow.
Martha wanted Jerry to ask her on a date. Martha did not know how to get Jerry's attention. She thought about her problem all day long. Finally she decided to walk up to him and just ask. Martha and Jerry had a good time at the movies.
As a child I hated drinking white milk. As I grew into adulthood I always wanted to drink it. I just couldn't get over the taste. One day I poured coffee creamer in a cup of milk and it tasted yummy. Now when I want milk I just add some creamer to it.
Sam kept a herb garden in his kitchen for cooking. He noticed the plants' soil was looking dry. Sam gathered the pots and put them outside in the rain. Once the rain stopped Sam brought them inside. The soil was perfectly wet now.
Lily was just finishing at the doctor's office. She was sitting at the bus stop waiting to go home. Suddenly a bee began hovering around her. She freaked out and got up to move away from it. Luckily, the bus arrived soon and she was able to flee from the bee.
Peter gave Kelly a new ring. When Kelly put it on she loved it. Days later however, she started getting a reaction. Her finger turned green. She then had to throw the ring out.
Neil took a train to southern Thailand. He landed in the resort area of Phuket. He got a bungalow on the beach. Every morning he watched the sun rise on the water. Phuket was a relaxing dream come true!
Peter was pitching in the big game. He was very nervous the night before. He made sure he got a good night's sleep. That morning he ate a very good breakfast. Peter played very well in the game.
The man ordered french fries. They tasted great. He got another order of french fries. He felt sick after he ate them. He decided only to eat one order of fries in the future.
Tom was an author. Tom had no savings. Tom needed his next book to sell well. His next book sold well. Tom contributed to his savings accounts significantly.
The weather was getting colder. The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat. He finally found one and pulled it on. The hat was furry and warm. The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing.
After the movie ended we went to the fast food drive through. But the line was a dozen cars. We couldn't go to eat. We were upset. But thankfully we had snacks in the car.
Today, I went to the store to buy a certain kind of cereal. I was really looking forward to taking it home and eating it. When I got to the store, I went straight to the cereal aisle. However, they did not have that particular brand of cereal. I left, sad and empty handed.
Noah was having a hard time in school. His mother took him for educational testing to try and help. Noah was found to have a severe learning disability. Knowing that didn't help Noah do better in school at all. Noah and his mom both wished they had never heard of the test.
I bought a house and there was a lot of broken tiles in one room. I tried to buy more of that style but they didn't sell them anymore. I took a hammer to the whole floor and smashed every tile. With the pieces, I mortared them back together to make a mosaic. Now my floor looked like a work of art.
Bill, while taking a walk, came to a wide street. As he began to cross the street, he heard a siren coming closer. He decided to get back on the curb, and a car whizzed by. The car was closely followed by a police car blasting its siren. Bill almost got hit by a car being chased by the police!
Everyday I would see a green caterpillar outside my house. It would be climbing towards the top. I would always take it and place it on the ground. Then one day, I didn't see it. A month later it became a butterfly that could fly to the top.
It was Charlie's first day of work at the new firm. Feeling nervous, he started fidgeting. Charlie was nervous in terms of how it would go. He walked into the office and actually the atmosphere felt good. Charlie was surprised by relieved.
It was raining really hard. I was driving to the grocery store on a back road. My car hydroplaned when I went around a corner. I lost control and the car spun around 360 degrees. Thankfully I stayed on the road and there were no other cars.
Marco wakes up after falling asleep on the couch. He knows he should brush his teeth before bed, but he feels lazy. Finally he convinces himself to brush his teeth in the bathroom. When he gets to bed, he feels much better. Marco is very happy that he brushed his teeth before going to bed.
People said the hotel was haunted. They wanted to stay there, because it sounded interesting! It was very old and beautiful. They saw no signs it was haunted, but it was such fun! They completely enjoyed their stay.
Jake had been poor until he inherited a large sum of money. He quickly started spending his inheritance indiscriminately. Jake often gave loans and handouts to his friends and family. Jake's new fortune soon disappeared. Jake became poor again because of his bad financial choices.
I love playing old board games. There is a strategy with each board game. In monopoly, you always want to keep reinvesting your money. In checkers you want to maintain the center. Old board games helped teach me how to solve problems.
Joe always bought a weekly lotto ticket from the local gas station. Joe would always plays the same numbers in hopes of winning the lotto. One day as Joe sat down to check the winning lotto numbers. As Joe was checking the winning numbers he realized he had won. Joe cashed in his ticket and collected his prize money.
When I kicked my husband out, I had to leave for a few weeks. When I returned, the house was a wreck. Everything was dirty and covered in muck. I looked for my belongings, and some were missing. I was very upset that my $4000 rings were gone.
Kylev needs to buy a new car. His current car is alway breaking down o him on his way to work. He has been asking me for rides for the last two weeks. Today I took him to the dealership. He was able to finance a 2015 Dodge Dart for 1,000 a month.
Sam was drunk and posted on his facebook. The next morning he had several alerts. He had forgotten what he wrote. He deleted everything immediately. Sam apologized to everyone involved but it wasn't enough.
Linda was reading a book in the evening. Her phone started to ring. Her friend Brian was calling. His car was broken. He needed a ride home.
Tim wanted to see a new movie. He asked his friends for recommendations. His friend recommended Superman. Tim watched Superman. Tim enjoyed the movie very much.
A little boy saw a little ant. He went inside for his magnifying glass. The boy ran back to the ant. He torched the ant with fire. He actually felt really bad.
It was midterms for Joe at his college. Joe needed to study for several days. He was nervous about the test in his history class. When it was time for the test, Joe did his best. He was happy to find out he got a B, since the test was hard.
Travis made tacos for his friend. Jim, Travis's friend, asked that he make the tacos extra spicy. When Travis gave him the taco he took a bite. Jim declared that it was not spicy enough. Travis went to the cabinet to get hot sauce for Jim.
Jeff is a great basketball player at his school. The volleyball coach asked Jeff to play volleyball. Jeff had never played before but he had an amazing vertical jump. That's the reason the coach wanted Jeff to play volleyball. Jeff joined the team, picked up the game fast, and is amazing!
Estella was given her grandmother's ring to wear as a wedding ring. She tried it on, but it was too large. She sent it to a jeweler. There, the ring was sized a little smaller. When it was finished, it fit Estella's finger perfectly!
Rick bought a house in the middle of the woods. He spent the next two months clearing away the trees. He made a pile of all the logs that he cut. Rick put up a sign to sell his wood. Rick was able to make a lot of money selling the wood.
Cindy was very shy and didn't like going out much. Soon, staying in all the time became very lonely. She reached out to some friends who were similarly afflicted. They went out in a group, which was much easier. After a while, Cindy's shyness was no longer a problem.
Gina wanted to call her friend Tami. But her brother was on the phone. He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish. She sat patiently and waited for him to finish. As soon as he did she grabbed the phone and began to dial.
Bill was an older widower who owned a grocery store. One day, Bill hired a beautiful young woman named Heidi. Bill could not stop himself from asking Heidi out on a date. Heidi turned Bill down flat, so he fired her. Heidi won a sexual harassment lawsuit against Bill for $20,000.
Charles liked to cook taco burritos. He called them Macho Taco Burritos. He lived in a sober living home and asked who wanted a burrito? Out of five guys, only one said yes to a burrito. About a year later, that guy saw Charles and bought him dinner.
Franny was building a deck for her house. Franny's daughter told her to measure everything carefully. Franny smiled knowingly, and patted her daughter's head. Franny accidentally cut a board too short and wasted it. Franny hid this from her daughter out of embarrassment.
Joe has an interview with a painting company. He has been looking for a job for months. HE has previous experience with painting. He hopes his experience will impress them. At the interview he was offered the job and he took it.
As a music major in college I had to take an art elective. I have never been able to draw so I chose to take Art History. The class was so boring that I literally couldn't stay awake. Eventually I dropped the class and took Art Appreciation instead. I don't think I learned to appreciate art from a class.
Fred and his friend decided to climb a tree. Fred was halfway up when something was wrong. He foot lost balance and he fell. Thankfully his dad saw him and got help. He took him to the doctors to get checked.
My cousin was driving to my house. When he stopped at a neighborhood, he called me. Although he said that he's here, I didn't see him at all. I asked him if he's in front of the right house. He checked his GPS and noticed that the wrong address was entered.
Lewanda was a lady of the night who turned tricks. One night she went out to the street corner to make her money. A potential customer pulled up and asked her what her going rate was. She told him twenty dollars for full service. Her potential customer then pulled out a police officer badge.
Brenda was walking along a pond on her large property. Suddenly, she heard loud barking and two dogs came out of the woods. Brenda, fearing for her life, jumped into the pond with a large stick. The dogs swam after her, so Brenda hit them with the stick. The dogs became scared and swam away, and Brenda left.
I tried using my phone yesterday. Unfortunately it was broken. I didn't know what to do. I was rather upset about it. I decided to simply let it go and get a new one.
Jill got a new haircut. She loved how it looked. All her friends liked it too. She wore it out as often as she could. Jill found a new favorite stylist.
Norma was bored with life and needed a new hobby. Her friend had mentioned something about indoor rock climbing. She did some research into the local climbing gym. She was self conscious at first, but soon found that climbing was fun! She became a regular at the local climbing gym and loved it.
Martin had a surgery. When he woke up from anesthesia. He did not remembered what happened. The nurse came to see him. She told him he'd had an accident.
Tina needed a new couch. She really wanted one. Her old one was battered. It did not look good at all. Finally she replaced it.
I had to buy some new clothes for myself. I got a new job. I was looking for some business outfits. I went to Target to look. They had everything that I needed.
Lucy and Lisa were playing at Lisa's house. Lucy realized it was past lunch time. Lisa's grandparents hadn't made them lunch. The girls made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and ate them. The girls got in trouble for leaving a mess in the kitchen.
My daughter played soccer when she was 10. The league was unisex. One day she ran against a boy to get a ball She got the ball and took out the boy. Her coach was very impressed.
Sarah bought a dozen donuts. She brought them home for her friends. The boys were excited. They each picked out a donut to eat. They thanked Sarah for the food.
Iggy was a frequent flier and often had down time. He decided that he wanted to learn a new skill in the down time. Iggy bought a foreign language program for his tablet. Iggy listened to the program while at the airport and in flight. Within one year, Iggy could speak fluent French.
Jane was scared of the dentist. She went for the first time in four years. She saw a new dentist and he was very nice. After her check-up, the dentist filled a cavity for her. Jane was relieved she didn't feel any pain at all.
Julie was assigned to participate in her school's talent show. She was nervous but decided to sing a song on stage. Julie decided to turn on the radio and learn the first song she heard. After turning the dial she heard a loud country song. Julie sang the song and impressed the show's audience.
Frank had to go to the dentist to have a tooth pulled. Frank had his friend Grace accompany him, so that she could drive. Frank was given anesthesia so that the procedure could begin. After the procedure, Frank had a very funny face. Grace could not stop laughing at the face Frank was making.
Harry went walking with his  girlfriend in the woods. They walked for a long time and were surrounded by trees. Suddenly, the pair stumbled on a stream and followed it. At the end of the stream was a large steep waterfall. The two were very surprised and jumped in and swam.
Amber wanted a dog for her birthday. She asked her dad for one and he agreed. He took her to the humane shelter to find one. She found two dogs she wanted. Her dad felt bad so got them both.
Tom was at his local mall. Tom noticed so many shiny coins were in the fountain! Tom decided to wade into the fountain to retrieve the coins. He filled his pockets, ignoring the judging stares of others. Tom counted the coins and realized he made ten bucks that night!
Lenny washed his hands at the sink of the restroom. He saw the air dryer. He pushed the button to dry his hands. The air came roaring out. Lenny laughed at the warm air.
Ann had to help her brother with boxes. He wanted them lifted into the house. Ann agreed to help but had no idea how heavy they would be. They ended up being fifty pounds. Ann nearly passed out when she was done.
Dev does not want to take a nap. She took a nap earlier. Now she wants to play outside. Too bad it's snowing. I guess we'll all have to watch television.
Cara had a goat, and decided to make her own cheese. She milked the goat, then followed the online instructions. When it was time to taste her cheese, she was nervous. But one bite set her mind at ease. The cheese was even better than store-bought mozzarella!
I wanted to go to the dance with Mike. He was too shy to ask me. At lunch the next day I asked him to the dance. He said yes. We had a great time together at the dance.
Barrett was a trombone player in his high school band. Barrett practiced daily to improve his skills. Barrett applied for many college music scholarships Barrett was pleased to receive many scholarship offers. Barrett went on to attend a great school on full scholarship.
Sue lived in California. One night she woke up to her bed shaking. She was a bit scared but stayed calm. She went to her parents room. They told her it was a small earthquake.
Ryan and Brandon wanted to start their own business. They decided to start a candle company. They ordered lots of candles. They then decided to sell the candles at the store. Now they are rich from selling candles!
We went to the IHOP for breakfast. It was very heavy. We were stuffed for the rest of the day. We decided to have oatmeal, our normal breakfast, for dinner. It was a light meal.
Larry agreed to help his sister and her husband move a new freezer. They had to move this heavy appliance into the basement. Larry was annoyed about the project, but he wanted to help anyway. Afterward, he was pleased when they said they would buy him lunch. The couple took Larry to a nice restaurant and bought him a steak.
When Tanya was walking in her neighborhood, she stumbled across a dog. The dog was small and brown and looked quite lost. The dog had no collar, and Tanya decided to take it home. After much deliberation, Tanya's parents let her have the dog. Tanya squealed in delight at her new puppy.
Jenny was using the restroom at school. She didn't notice there was no toilet paper. There was someone in the stall next to her. She asked politely if she would pass her some toilet paper. Jenny was relieved that she did.
Wilma had a lovely garden. Betty, her neighbor was jealous of her garden. Betty bought some gasoline, and poured it on Wilma's flowers. Wilma's flowers died. Wilma was angry at Betty for a long time.
John made a sandwich. As he went to eat it, he got a phone call. John laid his sandwich on the table. When he came back, all he found was crumbs. John looked around and saw his dog eating his sandwich.
Laurie is going to have a baby today. She went into the hospital and got all set. She was in pain, but pushed to see her baby girl. The baby was born, perfect and pink. Laurie felt so much joy holding her new baby girl.
Robert woke up very late for school. It was so late that he missed his bus! Robert would be given detention if he was late to his first class. He ran the entire two miles to school, but didn't make it on time. Expecting detention, he was ecstatic when he realized it was Saturday!
Tom worked on his car often. He took it to the drag races over the weekend. He raced several different cars. Tom was not happy with his average speeds. He kept working on his car even more.
I decided to make homemade hot fudge and caramel. I put the chocolate in a tub when it was done. I put a container of cream in the crockpot. When I took it out, it was caramel. The kids were shocked that it was so simple to make.
McKinley always struggled with eating disorders in high school. When she went to college, she started going to therapy. Her disorders got better with time. She started to accept herself and her body. Now she very rarely has disordered thoughts.
Bart was on a date with his crush. They went to the movies together. Bart was incredibly sociable and friendly the entire night. His date really like him and enjoyed his company. At the end of the night Bart got his first kiss as he said goodbye.
Lee wanted to open a savings account. He saved up thirty dollars and then went to open the account. They gave him a debit card and helped him sign up. Soon he had his very own account. Lee couldn't wait to start saving!
Rod made an error at work. He caused a lot of trouble. Later, his manager called Rod to his office. There, he fired Rod! Rod knew he deserved it.
Jenny has always been enchanted with the idea of visiting Arizona. She doesn't like long flights, but decides she would like to go there. Jenny and her sister board the flight for Arizona. On their trip they visit the Grand Canyon. Jenny will always remember her wonderful trip to Arizona.
Michael was skateboarding in the park. While going down a hill, Michael's skateboard hit a rock. Michael fell on his face. Michael's tooth cracked and he was scared. Michael went to the dentist and it was repaired.
Ricard loves Amy. Sadly, Amy never pays attention to him. Ricard keep sending flower and chocolate every valentine. Five years straight, he keep doing it. Ricard successfully married Amy last year.
A month ago I bought a new keyboard. It was soft, with rubberized keys. It was very quiet. I found the keys were small, and had to be tapped firmly. I bought a traditional keyboard instead.
Rupert kept getting ingrown toenails. It was a painful condition, so Rupert went to his doctor. His doctor told Rupert that he was cutting his nails incorrectly. Rupert started cutting his nails as his doctor instructed. Rupert is pleased because he no longer gets ingrown toenails.
Jennifer liked to sew. She was always surprised that so many other people could not sew. They always told her it was too hard for them. When she offered to teach them how, they always refused. She did not help them out much with their sewing problems after that.
Last October, there was a bad snowstorm and the power went out. I lost power for 6 days, including my electric-start heat. I had 4 tropical fish tanks, so I kept water boiling on the stove. Each 15 minutes, I'd add warm water and aerate the tank with a cup. It was 6 days of a strenuous nightmare-but all my fish lived!
Tina wanted to go sledding. She called a few of her friends. No one wanted go sledding with her! Tina decided to go alone. She had a wonderful time sledding by herself!
My niece and her fiance went to the movies last week. They went to a modern theater with waiter service. They saw an old movie, The Neverending Story. The cost was $28 a seat. They enjoyed the experience.
My sister in law called me today. She lost her credit union card and had to go in person to get another. The company was in Brockton, 20 miles away. She cannot drive on the highway and asked for directions. I found her a street route on Google Maps.
Laura had to turn in an essay tomorrow. Her printer started malfunctioning when she tried to print her essay. She drove to the library to print out a copy. On the way back from the library, her essay flew from her car. Laura had no idea where her essay was when it was time to turn it in.
Susie hated running. Yet her friend challenged her to a race. So she felt obliged. She ran as fast she could. Yet finished last.
I applied for an entry level job. The hiring manager called me. She withdrew my application because I didn't have experience. I told her that's why I applied for an entry level job. She hung up and I realized that I needed experience to get a job.
Dan was playing football without his arm guards. When the quarterback passed the ball to him, he ran. The linebacker on the opposing team tackled him. Dan landed on his arm, breaking it. His parents took him to the hospital.
Eleanor went on a vacation to Maui. While there, she wanted to have an authentic luau experience. She paid for a big resort luau. It was fun, but felt cheesy and inauthentic. A local later told her that there are no authentic luau events left.
Jena and Macie were telling ghost stories. They were trying to scare each other. There was a sudden knock at the door. The girls were scared. It was Jenna's mother who had forgotten her keys.
Emily had a school project that was due tomorrow. She had 2 weeks to do it, but she had not started it yet. She stayed up all night finishing her project. When she got to school the next day, her teacher was out with the flu. She did not have to turn in the project just yet after all.
Harry really wanted to try out for his school's basketball team. He practiced all summer in the gym. When tryouts came he made sure he was in peak physical condition. Harry really showed improvement in his ability compared to last year. The coaches told him he made the team after tryouts.
Jack wasn't very interested in his European history course. He allowed himself to get behind in the readings. He tried hard to catch-up the entire week before the final. The night before the exam, he was up almost all night preparing. When he finally sat for the exam, he could barely keep his eyes open.
Someone asked me to help them with a paper. It was about autism. I knew it was because my son is autistic. I agreed to help. I changed my mind when I found out she just wanted me to do her work.
Susan had run out of allergy medication. Susan asked her husband to pick up her prescription. He drove by the pharmacy on his way home from work. The line at the drive through window was 6 cars long. He decided to go back later.
I made a snowman today. I gave him a big smile. I found him a hat in the garbage. I placed the snowman in front of my home. I smiled at my snow day finished project.
When Jan and Bob move into an apartment complex they meet Stan. Stan is a lonely 90 year old widower. Stan keeps interrupting their alone time. They don't have the heart to tell him to stop coming by so often. So they set him up with a woman close to his own age.
Mary had to go to the hospital during the first day of her internship. She was introduced to some of the hospital staff and places. When she went on the 4th floor she saw her new office. It included a computer and several tools. Her instructor gave her an assignment to complete.
Todd was walking his poodle in the park. His poodle got loose from her leash. Todd chased his poodle across the park. His poodle finally got tired out and fell asleep in the grass field. Todd carried his poodle on his shoulders back to his car.
Adele was a regular customer at a local supermarket. She was shopping for groceries and only had a few items. Another shopper with a full cart asked if he could go ahead of her. Adele agreed. The man was rewarded for being the ten thousandth customer.
Mark and Lily's kitchen was a huge mess. Dishes, trash and general mess was everywhere. Mark made a deal with Lily. He promised to clean everything if she would just do the dishes. She agreed and they worked on the kitchen together.
Deirdra wanted to start painting with her free time. She was embarrassed at her lack of skill. She decided to hide it by working on small canvasses. Her tiny works started turning out well. Deirdra had trouble adjusting to normal canvasses afterwards.
The man painted the house. The color was very bright. The neighbor complained about the color. The neighbor agreed to pay for new paint. The man painted the house a different color.
Jessica has had a long day today. She suddenly got a headache and was unsure what brought it on. So she began thinking about all the errands she ran. She then realized she had not eaten all day no wonder she felt ill. Jessica rushed to grab a bite to eat in hopes it would go away.
The bridge was new and very costly. It had taken years to build. Traffic had been detoured from the interstate. Finally, the road was reopened. The bridge developed a huge crack and the road was closed.
Tom bought a shirt he liked. It fit him a bit too big. He figured it would shrink in the wash. He was right. The shirt fit Tom much better after a while.
Sean started to do drugs during lunchtime at work. He eventually lost his job for failing a drug test. When he ran out of money he decided to rob a store. Cops were called to the store and arrested him. Sean is now doing time in jail.
George hated going to school. He decided he was going to skip school one day. Instead of hopping on the school bus, he walked to the mall. Soon after, he ran into his mom. She was very upset and took George home.
Tim was going bald. He was really embarrassed about it. He tried different products to fix it. Nothing worked. Eventually Tim gave up and accepted his fate.
John was a truck driver. He was going down a sharp incline. His brakes weren't working properly. He had to take a dirt off-ramp. It was scary but John was safe.
Sally wanted a new shirt. She could not find what she wanted. She finally went to a new store. While there she ended up buy a shirt and dress. Sally knew she should not have gone shopping.
Lexi was on a school field trip. They were on a boat in the ocean collecting specimens. She wanted to participate but felt terribly sick. Luckily her teacher had brought sick band remedies. She wore the bracelet and felt mostly better.
The man pressed a stamp on a page. He liked the font. He asked for a custom stamp with that font. They charged him seven dollars. That became his company logo.
Hazel's family went to an amusement park. Hazel wanted to ride an upside-down roller coaster. She stood in line to wait for the ride. Hazel sat in the front seat. She screamed with delight as the roller coaster went upside down.
Jennifer wanted to go on a ghost hunt. She didn't know anyone who was interested. A friend suggested that she join a meetup group. Jennifer went online and found a group in her area. She'll be going on her first ghost hunting adventure this weekend.
Lucy was lost in the basement of her grandmother's church. The large old church was like a maze. She pushed open a set of large double doors. To her relief there were ushers in the church's kitchen. A kind usher gave her a sucker, and took her back to Sunday school.
Music was Kat's life. She never met an instrument that she couldn't play. Her gift for music took her all the way to New York City. She earned a scholarship to a prestigious performing arts school. She completed her studies with honors, and is now a renowned pianist.
Evelyn had been delivering cookies all week. Something was wrong because she was short a few boxes. She searched everywhere and was truly baffled. Finally she remembered that they had been moved inside. She finished up her deliveries as planned.
Ross was moving across town. He had a huge couch that he needed to move. He asked five friends to help him. They all carried a side and lugged it down the stairs. It took them an hour to get it in the truck!
Lanie went to a party with her friends. Her friends were all drinking. Lanie knew she'd be in trouble if she drank. Lanie told her friends she was leaving. Lanie left the party and her friends.
Ellen was a freshman in high school. Her first school dance was coming up in 2 weeks. Ellen went to the mall to pick out a dress. She chose a white one with lace. When the day came she got dressed and felt like a princess.
Tim was playing hide and seek. He hid in the bushes. He saw his friend looking. Tim began to laugh. His friend immediately found him.
Sam was getting ready for his bowling match that night. He took out his ball and placed his fingers in it. He wouldn't let go until his first turn. Sam had to have his friend drive him to the alley because of the ball. On his first turn he rolled a perfect strike.
Marco decides to ask Laura out on a date. However, he cannot decide what to ask her to do. Finally he asks her to play pool with him at the local pool hall. Marco and Laura have a fun afternoon playing pool together. Marco is so happy he asked Laura out.
Angela owned a very pretty doll. One day, Angela was playing outside with her doll. She accidentally dropped the doll into a mud puddle. Angela cried because her doll was dirty. Angela was happy after her mom cleaned up the doll good as new.
Harry was going to college next year. He needed to save enough money for his college tuition. He got a part-time job working as a mechanic. He was able to save up enough for his education after many months. Harry was able to put himself through college by working part-time.
Harry had a presentation assigned to him at work. He always liked to present. He spent the day making the presentation. He practiced it with his co-workers. They gave a great presentation.
Earl was studying in the library. Earl was patiently waiting, when a student started screaming. Earl quickly turned around, and told the student to be quiet. The student refused and continued to scream loudly. Earl decided it was best to leave the library, and study elsewhere.
A young boy named Tim wanted to sit and look at a picture book. He wandered into the pantry. He sat on a large, cake box. Tim flattened a corner of the cake that was inside. Realizing his mistake, he ran to tell his parents about the accident.
I collect original comic strip and page art. Comic strip artists draw their strips in pencil,which is inked over. The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce  strips or books. I have about 30 pieces of original art. I intend to frame and hang some pieces on the wall.
Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich. His mom said it looked gross. Sam offered it to her. His mom refused. After a while, she finally accepted and it was the best meal ever.
Trevor visited his favorite Chinese restaurant. He ordered the same meal he always did. He opened the fortune cookie, the same as he always did. This time, though, there was nothing printed on the paper. Trevor sat for a good while, pondering what that could mean.
Joe wanted to be the best Oboe player. He joined a competition to show off his skill. He went on stage and played his best. Nervous, he waited in the back to hear his result. The results were in, and Joe came in first place, making him happy!
Nick, Dan, and Michelle were huge fans of the Godzilla movies. They often watched them together. They owned posters from their favorite films. One day they decided to go to the local Godzilla festival. They were thrilled to get their posters signed by an original actor.
Kathy had just had a new baby. She was home with him when the doorbell rang. When she answered the door she saw her friend. They were holding a casserole dish. Kathy thanked her friend for bringing her food.
Andy and Christina were always arguing about one thing or another. Everybody thought they should get together. So we plotted and locked them in a closet together. After an hour, the two finally escaped through picking the lock. It turned out they didn't get together, but are now good friends.
Allana loved to borrow books from the library. But she had a real bad habit of not returning them on time. She once had 10 books overdue for a whole month. When she returned them to the library she was charged a fee. Allana had overdue book fees that totaled over $25!
Horatio realizes that he has let his apartment become gross and messy. He decides he needs to start keeping a cleaner apartment. Horatio cleans the entire kitchen, bathroom, and living room. Finally his apartment is clean. Horatio promises himself never to let his apartment get messy again.
Working the night shift, Roz wondered how she'd fix a holiday dinner. A coworker suggested that it was all a matter of planning ahead. Purchasing crockpots meant multiple dishes cooked while she slept. Other things were made over a few days and then popped in the oven. Sitting down with her family, Roz had never been so proud of a meal.
Terri wanted a cat. Terri's husband did not like cats. One day Terri snuck a cat in the house. While her husband was sleeping, the cat climbed on his lap. Terri's husband likes cats now.
Pencil making starts with wood being carved into thin slats. Grooves are cut into the slats to make space for the graphite cores. The extruded writing cores are cut to length and put in place. The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top. Finally, the individual pencils are carved into shape.
David saw a new bike in shop one day. He begged his dad to get it for him. His dad told him he had to work for it. David got a job cutting grass all summer. David finally saved enough and bought the new bike in the window.
I went to the grocery store to buy some dinner. At the grocery store I saw an old classmate from high school. We talked for a while. I decided to invite him for dinner. Now we are friends.
On a golf trip we stopped to get a morning coffee. My brother told me to get a cream and sugar. It was so delicious, I was amazed. But then I realized it was because there was so much cream and sugar. It was so good, but I'm not sure I'll get it again.
One day, I was knitting a sweater for a friend. I had made sure before I started that I had enough yarn. Halfway through the sweater, I realized I was out of yarn. I looked up, and saw my yarn pulled all over the house. My kitten had gotten my yarn!
I went to my friend's house. She had made some cookies. I ate three cookies. Suddenly, I started to asphyxiate. I was allergic to the peanuts in the cookies and I passed out.
Suzy saw a free app. It was in the App Store. She quickly scooped it up. Boy was she happy. She never put it down.
Michael and his family live in Alaska. They received an alert that a huge snowstorm was approaching. Michael and his family began stocking up on food and supplies. The snowstorm did severe damage to Michael's house. Michael was happy because no one in his family got hurt.
Today I went to the mall to look at shoes. I searched a lot of stores but couldn't find what I wanted. Eventually I found a discount store. I picked up one pair. Then I saw I could get another half off so I picked another pair.
Jack's dog is jumping around. Jack decides to walk his dog. Jack walks around the block with his dog. Jack brings his dog home. Jack takes the leash off his dog.
Kate was visiting her boyfriend Jake at his house. But a persistent girl started knocking on his door and windows. Kate left after the girl left. Jake took this to mean she was angry. She assured him she was only tired and not angry at all.
Jasmine hosts a game night every Monday. Last Monday they played board games for four hours. Charlie won Monopoly, but Sue won Trivial Pursuit. At the end of the night, Jasmine gave away prizes. Everyone had a great time.
It was the day off the big game. Everyone was tailgating for it. They were super excited. It got started. The home team won!
Tj was moving into a new home. His new home had space for his own home office. Tj wanted to have a particular furniture in his office. The furniture he desired was expensive. Tj decided to buy lumber and make his own furniture.
Every day, John would go to the river to catch some fish. John always went early in the morning, but he always failed. Upset with himself, John decided to change his ways. Instead of morning, John decided to try fishing at night. John caught a bucket full, and now prefers nighttime fishing.
Jack loves big machines. His dad takes him to the construction site to watch the machines. Jack goes home and watches videos of big machines. He has his dad look up pictures of big machines. Jack is obsessed with big machines.
Rebecca was reading a book. She was also eating a peanut butter and honey sandwich. Suddenly a glob of honey dropped onto her book page. The book pages were all sticky and stuck together. She had to pay a fine for the damages.
The son got accepted to his first college choice. That was his dad's old school. His dad was very proud. He bought his son a car to celebrate. His son drove that car for years.
Tom bought a bag of chips. When he opened them they were already stale. Tom called the number on the bag. He complained and told them what happened. They mailed him coupons to make up for it.
Bob was so terribly hungry. There was no food in the house. He decided to order pizza. He called 10 different restaurants in the area. All of them were closed.
Melissa wanted to update her wardrobe. She found a really classic suit. She bought it and wore it the next day. Dressing professionally made Melissa feel great. She strutted down the street in her new suit.
Wanda and her husband were big fans of the local teams. When her husband retired, they were able to go to every game. Then Wanda's husband became disabled. Wanda couldn't navigate his wheelchair on the bleachers. Then the town put a ramp in and gave them season tickets.
Kate was on a first date. She didn't want to eat much during dinner. She tried to eat before going out. Unfortunately Kate ate too much because of her nerves. She was too sick to go on her date.
Joe loved to rap. He invited a couple of his friends over so they can rap. His friends came with snacks and drinks. They played a beat through Joe's speakers. They rapped for hours.
Joe liked to drink a lot. He liked to have fun and drinking was always involved. This past weekend he took it too far. And ending up getting the cops involved. Joe no longer drinks as much as he used to.
Bill and Ted were neighbors. They were 13 years old and played basketball together. They challenged each other on the court. Their favorite game was horse. Bill won some, Ted won some, they had fun playing horse.
Jeff was everyone's favorite uncle. He was a good family man according to his facebook. He would take lots of pictures with his family. Jeff had a dark secret. Jeff smokes pot and makes passes at other's girlfriends.
Jim ordered the new iphone on release date. He was excited to open the package when it came in the mail. To his surprise, the iphone did not turn on. Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery. Jim got a new iphone in the mail the next day.
Ryan was a very heavy set man. He wanted to meet the girl just for him. He searched all day and night on the internet. He finally found his true love. Her name was Abbey and the two got Married.
Yesterday, my dishwasher broke. I was so upset, knowing I would have to wash everything by hand. All day today, I was crabby at work thinking about it. When I got home, to my surprise, I found all of the dishes washed. Ben had known I was frustrated, and washed them before I had to.
Larry had stolen his teacher's test key. The teacher noticed that the key was missing. Larry's teacher decided to change the test. Larry took the test and answered according to the old key. The teacher knew that Larry stole the key.
Emma was sick of her frizzy, wavy hair. She went to her mom's ironing board and turned the iron on. Then, with her sister's help, she flat-ironed her wild hair. It seemed a little dangerous, but the results were lovely. Emma's hair was perfectly straight and shiny!
Frank had always wanted to exercise more. A friend recommended he try doing handstands. At first Frank found it difficult, but eventually he became good. Now he does handstands every day. Frank is glad he exercises more now.
Amy was waiting on a guy from school to call her. She waited near the phone. Every time it rang her heart skipped a beat. Every time it rang it wasn't him. Amy sat in her room brooding the whole night.
Jim decided to cook dinner. He thawed out chicken and seasoned it. He put it in a roasting pan and timed it. When he took it out, it was perfectly brown. However, when he cut into it, it was still pink.
I used to play hockey when I was young. I practiced 6 days a week. The competition was very fierce. We went to state once. We won 2-1 in overtime!
Greg decided to go to a club with his friends one night. When he got inside, he saw many attractive women. Greg offered to buy some of them a drink. All of the women turned him down. Greg felt very sad and decided to go home.
Chris woke up one morning to the sound of the fire alarm. He ran around the house waking everyone up. The entire family made it outside, but no smoke could be seen. Chris waiting for the firemen and when they arrived they went inside. They came out quickly, the alarm was from a dying battery, not fire.
The cat chased the mouse. The mouse ran under the couch. The cat meowed at the couch. The owner lifted up the couch. The cat caught the mouse.
One time I went on a date with a guy named Moses. I thought the date was going well. He told me he wasn't going to call me at the end of the date. He ended up calling me anyway a week later to ask me out again. I told him I wasn't interested in dating him since he was so rude.
Our neighbor Walt is a hunter. We all live in the city. One day we were walking on the grass near our building. Walt pulled up what we thought was grass. We were amazed that they were wild onions.
Kate was on the phone with her friend Sue. Sue was away at a lake for her summer vacation. She had a blast telling Kate all about her fun time. Meanwhile Kate sat at home bored watching TV. Kate couldn't help but be jealous.
Kim had always been very afraid of sharks. One day, her son went too far out into the ocean. She heard him yelling and she went down to the waterline. She thought she saw a fin above the water. She swam out and pulled him to shore as fast as she could.
I always wanted to scuba dive in caves. I went to school for many years. I went on many dives with teams. Finally I was able to get certified. With my training I was able to safely scuba dive in caves.
Eric wanted to do magic for the talent show. He practiced his act all week! Friday was the talent show, and Eric was nervous. Eric performed his magic act flawlessly. Eric won the show and brought home a trophy!
Oliver only had a few friends in his group. He socialised more online than in real life. He did the majority of this on Twitter. His Twitter posts weren't very interesting. He couldn't get his personality across in only 140 characters.
She sat down to think. She ate a bowl of ice cream while she did. She contemplated leaving or staying. She wanted to work things out. She knew in the end, she was going to leave.
Lary was taught by his father how to make delicious lasagna. He brought his family secret to America. He sold lasagna on the side of the road. He became rich enough to open his own store! Now he owns multiple restaurants all using his family recipe!
John was so excited about his soccer game tomorrow. He had practiced so hard so his team could win. The next day his dad took him to the soccer field to play his game. His team ended up winning by one point. John's dad took the whole team out for ice cream to celebrate.
Cherry was riding the bus. She took out her phone to do a little research. The bus made a large turn and crossed a large bump. When she jumped from her seat, the phone flew out the window. It landed on the floor.
Ian didn't pay attention in class. He daydreamed while the teacher was talking. Ian would fall asleep during the class time. Ian's schoolwork began to suffer. He had to repeat his grade.
Ed overslept one morning. He saw that his bus was just leaving. Ed was so unhappy! He had to dress warmly that day. Ed was forced to walk the mile to school.
Brad wasn't feeling right. He decided to lay down and take it easy. He took a nap. When he woke up he was in a living hell. Brad had the worst cold he ever had.
My daughter was writing a story. It was a story told in picture form. She drew an entire family. They went on a trip to disney world. We decided to keep the story to give back to her when she's grown.
Jill had been on a trip. She did not realize how much money she had spent. When she got ready to pay her bills, she was short. Jill had to start budgeting. She figured out she had a bad habit of spending too much.
Will rowed up close to the buoy. Jim reached out and caught the line with his hands. He pulled up the line to bring the trap into the boat. Inside were two legal sized lobsters. They both enjoyed a dinner of fresh lobster that night.
Kelly was five, and she wanted to learn to ride a bike. Her father said he would help her learn to ride. He tried to teach Kelly, but dad wasn't patient at all. He yelled at Kelly when she fell over. Kelly's mother taught her to ride a bike.
Tim got a job at the local burger place. He was embarrassed to tell his friends he worked there. But in six months they made him a team leader. Then they made him a manager. Tim's salary was getting very respectable indeed!
Mary's parents took her to the zoo. She wanted to visit the monkeys. Mary had been reading a book about monkeys. She was scared of the monkeys when they started yelling. Mary tried to hid behind her mother.
Julie took three pairs of size 12 pants into the fitting room. The first pair she tried on were way too big. She was delighted, thinking her new diet was working. Then she realized she had grabbed size 14s by accident. She felt very disappointed.
Fonda and Ricky have money problems. The IRS found out that they were not paying their taxes. Fonda and Ricky decided to file bankruptcy to avoid more trouble. Now they have to pay the IRS a lot of money every month. Fonda and Ricky are very regretful of their bad decision.
Jen works as a waitress in a restaurant. She's making small talk with a large customer. She asks the pregnant woman when she's due. The woman tells her that she not pregnant, just fat. Jen has never been so embarrassed in her entire life.
Kate was sipping on orange soda and sketching in her sketch book. Her brother and his friend came in the room. They were throwing a football around. It landed and knocked over Kate's soda. The orange soda ruined Kate's drawing.
Janice wore her favorite purple dress to school. She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress. When she arrived, Alice had on the same purple dress! At first, Janice was angry. Then, she decided she and Alice could be twins!
Mike and his girlfriend had been having problems. They talked things out and stayed together. One night, Mike hung up on his girlfriend because he got angry. He didn't answer when she called back. She broke up with him because he had done this before.
A shy young teen picked up a guitar. He quickly became proficient after diligent practicing. In high school, girls liked to hear him play. He gained a lot of confidence. The guitar had transformed him into a new person.
Jen scheduled a haircut before her big date. She wanted her hair to look nice for the event. Her stylist cut her hair, but made a mistake! The haircut looked awful. Jen had to reschedule her big date.
Skip was a talented writer. He thought to himself he should make a living out of it. He moved to Nashville to see if he could write songs. Skip took years perfecting his craft. Skip later became one of country music's best songwriters.
The match between Henry and Diana began. Henry decided to go first and shoot his arrow. It fell in the 9 point zone. Diana was scared although she remain focused. Her arrow barely landed on the 10 point zone.
Danny likes to eat. He looks forward to every mealtime. Today he went to the doctor. The doctor was displeased with Danny's weight. Now, Danny has to go on a diet.
Jess loved singing. She started to sing while she walked in the park. A bird landed on a branch next to her and started tweeting Jess couldn't believe what had just happened. She felt like a Disney character singing with a bird.
Luke dove to the bottom of the reef looking for his lost watch. He looked underneath the rocks and coral to no avail. The second time he dove, he saw something swimming toward him. A shark grabbed his ankle and thrashed. Luke punched the shark hard in the nose and it swam away.
Tim was bullied at school. One day he decided to fight back. A teacher noticed the commotion. They were split up right away. Tim got into trouble.
Jimmy loved superheroes and was looking forward to Halloween. He planned on entering a costume contest with his friend Sam. Sam and Jimmy were going to dress as Superman and Batman. After seeing Jimmy's costume, Sam was sure Jimmy would win. Sam knew he was right after he saw Jimmy's trophy!
We had a grocery delivery last Friday. The banana skins were bruised from exposure to the cold. We froze the bananas. My wife found a recipe for banana bread on the internet. We ate tasty banana bread on Sunday.
My suitemates and I watched Cyberchase today. It is a show about math. It is meant for children but we thought it was great. We laughed about it for a while, but it became hard to watch. I hope we can watch it again sometime.
Bill got a motor scooter for Christmas. He rode around on it all day long. He got a little too comfy riding it. He hit a curb where he face planted into the handle bar. His mouth ended up a bloody mess.
Liz was having her 30th birthday in 2 days. She still did not have anything to wear. Her mom decided to take her shopping. She finally found the perfect dress. Liz had a great party.
Jack's dad had just bought him a four wheeler. It was Jack's first time riding it and he took a turn too sharp. The ATV tipped and through Jack off of it into a tree. Jack was lucky he was wearing a helmet or he could have been hurt. Jack's dad decided to sell the four wheeler and get Jack an XBox.
Phil went to his brothers wedding. His girlfriend came with him as well. They both got very drunk and could barely get home. They succeeded but not without leaving half their clothes behind. Going to the place the next day they found it all in the trash.
A group of professors wanted to test computer image recognition. They crowd sourced the work using Mechanical Turk. They found humans' image recognition plateaued and then dropped. The professors saw a computer's recognition slowly decreased. The professors gained a lot of worthwhile data to sort through.
Our daughter is pregnant for the second time. She did tell her 2 year old daughter for awhile. She decided to tell her this week. When she visited us she announced she will be a big sister. She said a baby is in mommy's belly.
Jessie really liked singing. She signed up for a big choir in her neighborhood. When she arrived there all the members were very old. As she was only sixteen she felt out of place. But as they all loved singing in didn't matter in the end.
Ray and Joe didn't like each other. The two boys got into a fight at school. The principal broke the fight up. Both boys were sent home that day. Ray and Joe had detention for a week.
Mona loved spreadsheets. She made one of her household budget. She made it color-coded and very tidy. Mona felt like she was in control of her finances. She was determined to stick to the budget.
Me and my girlfriend decided to go on a road trip! When we were on the road trip we were both very tired. Since she doesn't drive I was the only one driving. It ended up being very short because of that. However, we both enjoyed it a lot.
Harry went to the farm the first time when he was five. The most powerful experience for him was the sense of smell. Every single farm animal stank badly. And he wondered how they could look so cool on TV. But when a cow grazed grass next to him, he understood, she was huge!
Tommy's dad owned his own company. His dad died of a heart attack. Tommy didn't know much about the company, but wouldn't give up. Tommy kept practicing and kept getting better. Tommy made the big sale and saved the company.
Elena was working at a diner. She was distracted when suddenly a grease fire broke out. She meant to escape but suddenly the fire spread and cut her off. She was stuck between a wall and the growing flames. Luckily at the last moment a firefighter arrived and rescued her.
Albert never learned to ride a bike. He is 17 Year's old now. Last week he tried to learn for the first time. He fell over and over again. He feels foolish and has given up trying.
John grew up being kind of scared of his elderly neighbor. The day arrived for John to go off to college. The neighbor came over to John. He told John that he enjoyed watching him grow up. He gave John five thousand dollars as a going away gift!
I wrote a book called Angel Investor but was scared to sell it. Other writers told me don't sell it but I needed the money. I asked some professional writers What Should I Do? Those professional writers said Go For It. I placed my ebook on AMAZON DOT COM and now it's a bestseller.
Pastor Brown lived next door. One year there was a terrible snowstorm. It was easier for him to stay in than to risk his health shoveling. I hated seeing him stuck so I decided to help. It took all day but I finally cleared his steps and driveway.
Sarah walked a mile to get to Chick-Fil-A. It was exceptionally hot outside. She was so sick from the heat when she got there. She felt too sick to eat! So she just ordered a lemonade.
Caleb was playing football with his friends. One of his friends tackle him. Caleb sprained his wrist. Caleb sat out for a week. After his wrist healed, he was able to play again.
Tina was nervous for her piano recital. She was shaking as she walked upon the stage. She looked at the audience. When she started to play it was beautiful. The audience loved it.
Brent visited the local gym in his neighborhood. He saw a man jump roping. He became mesmerized by the fitness activity. He followed the man's form and technique to copy him. Brent successfully added skipping rope to his routine.
Mike plays basketball at the park. He's slow, and the other kids don't pick him for their teams. Being a perfectionist, Mike loses weight, and returns to the park. The other kids still don't choose Mike for their teams. Mike plays amazing basketball by himself.
Miles's friends were going on vacation so they asked him to help. That help mostly involved caring for their menagerie of pets. While they were gone he was to feed and water them and clean cages. Each day he and his partner went over and did their tasks diligently. When Miles's friends returned they were pleased with their pets' care.
Travis saw a homeless man on the sidewalk. And he decided to give the man money. The homeless man coughed and sneezed during the exchange. And Travis felt sick after he got home. He felt regretful about approaching the homeless man.
Abby had just got home from a long day of work. Abby decided to watch the local news, and then go to bed. As Abby was watching the news, the electricity shut off. Abby looked out the window and realized the entire city was black. Abby was not pleased that the city was experiencing a blackout.
I downloaded a lot of podcasts. Too many that I ran out of storage. Now I have no storage left. I will have to delete some. It is unfair.
Judy was walking down the street minding her own business. When a gentleman stopped her on the street. He asked her a few questions about herself. After answering the questions Judy is given a prize. Judy took her prize home and shared it with the family.
James really wanted to have a big night out. He checked his bank and he only had $10. Against his better judgement, James took out a loan to fund his night. 2 weeks later, James got a letter in the post. The interest on his loan was over 1000% and he'd forgotten to pay it.
Annie had a problem with money. She loved online shopping. The fashion retailers always tailored their pages to her wants. After talking with an IT expert, she was informed of this. She now is much more aware of the tactics used to entice her in.
Ada's school was passing out Valentines. She was sad because she doubted she'd get any. But as she made her way to her locker, her eyes widened. She could hardly believe what she saw. There were a dozen valentines stuffed into her locker!
I came out of the bathroom and searched for my drink. I noticed that it was on the counter top in the kitchen. After tasting it, I threw it away since it had a lot of alcohol. My friend eventually asked if anyone saw his drink. As embarrassed as I was, I didn't say anything.
George Wanted to surprise his mom with a homemade cake. He threw together all of the ingredients on the kitchen table. Without checking the recipe, he starting mixing the ingredients. He tasted the batter and pursed his lips. He had added a whole cup of salt!
We have a cat named Blue. We found him as a small kitten. He has very large ears. Even small noises make him jump! He is the biggest scaredy-cat I have ever seen!
Sam wanted to remodel his dining room. He figured he could do the work himself. Half way through he realized it was too much. He was in over his head. Sam had to get professionals to finish the job.
Making a fountain with mentos and soda is fun. It is very wasteful, however. It uses an entire roll of mentos and a bottle of soda. When you dump the mentos in, the sida shoots up! It is pretty messy, too!
Maria was so excited to finally get to go to the zoo. She had heard there was a lion there that you were allowed to pet. The lion was old, and it had been de-clawed. When she got to the zoo, she found the lion and waited in line. When her turn came, she hugged the lion.
Lana had put on a lot of weight after having the baby. Her self image had become very low. She vowed to make a positive change in her life. She joined a yoga class than met 3 days a week. Now websites use pictures of her in her yoga pants as advertising.
Nick needed to get an oil change. He went to the store to have it done. He was too lazy to do it himself. While they did it for him he lounged around the store. Eventually he paid and drove back home with his new oil.
Whitney has a dog. Her dog snores. The snoring sounds like a human. It shakes the bed. It rattles the room.
Jamie's daughter was getting older. It was time for her to start daycare. She dropped her off on the first day. The baby cried a lot. Jaime felt sad.
Tom bought a new set of tools. They had a lifetime warranty. He broke them within a week. They refused to replace them for him. They claimed Tom broke them on purpose.
Tom was outside his hotel. He was hailing a taxi. Someone else ran up and jumped in before Tom could. Tom decided not to fight over it. He took the next one he could get instead.
I didn't believe in love until I met Edward. He was tall, handsome and rich. He gave me butterflies the first day I met him. I gave him the best years of my thighs. Did I mention Edward left me for another man?
Sandra and her friends met up with others at the beach for a party. They brought drinks, s'mores ingredients, and sandwich ingredients. The others at the beach had chips, cookies, and some fruit. They played music, chatted, laughed and ate until it got too cold. Sandra and her friends cleaned up and went home for the night.
Jason was racing against the clock. He'd set the timer for ten minutes. He wanted to finish cleaning his room before the time was up. He threw all the clothes in the laundry room. He straightened his bed just as the time expired.
My great Aunt Hazel lived on a farm. We drove her home from her sister's funeral about 10 years ago. That night was the last we would see her in her old age. We sat at her kitchen table, drinking fresh goat's milk. It had chunks of fat in it that nauseated me, but it was interesting.
Jon hated dancing. One day, his friends invited him to a rave. Jon was unsure and felt it wasn't a good idea. However, his friends made him go. Jon ended up loving the rave.
I hardly ever get to jump on a trampoline. Yesterday, my family went to our cousin's house for a party. They had a trampoline. I jumped on the trampoline the whole time. I can't wait for the next time I can use a trampoline!
Susie decided she wanted to go to the golf course. She had never been before. So her father agreed to take her. When she got her, she hit her first ball. To her delight, she got a hole in one.
Bill was an amateur stargazer. Bill only had his astronomy videos and books and binoculars. Bill's wife wanted to surprise him with something nice. Bill came home from work and his wife motioned him to the patio. Bill stepped outside to find a giant refracting telescope there!
Annie won the regional science fair. Her project looked at nutrient levels in hydroponic farming. She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital. On the way there, her apparatus broke in the van. She couldn't fix it and had to go home.
Carl was carrying his groceries inside a paper bag. But the handle tore off. And all of groceries fell on the floor. From then on, Carl always asked for two bags. And he felt much more secure.
Kris was the manager of a new store. She was responsible for the grand opening events. She was supposed to buy balloons. Kris got stuck in traffic on the way to work. Kris then forgot to buy balloons.
Hughes had just purchased a very big eraser. After he brought it to school, he was unable to find it. He searched for a very long time. Finally, he looked in the trash can. The eraser was in the trash can for some reason.
Brooke getting ready for a party. She was cutting some fruit when she cut her finger. Blood ran onto her white party dress. Brooke didn't have anything else for her party. Luckily, a special spray she had cleared up the stain.
Sally's birthday was today. She was looking forward to having her special birthday dinner all day. Her friends and family decided to meet her at her favorite restaurant. Upon arriving at the dinner, they all ordered pizza. Sally had a great birthday dinner.
Lewis told his friend a joke. His friend was offended by the joke. Lewis asked his friend to help change the joke. His friend suggested a change. Lewis told his friend a new joke.
I wrote a bunch of stories for someone who asked me to. I sat down in front of my computer and thought some up. Then, I typed them into the computer. When I was done, I sent the stories to the requester. I'm glad I was able to write the stories.
Nolan had a major chemistry test that morning. He had been up until midnight studying. He hoped he would pass the test! But when he saw it, he relaxed and smiled. He knew almost all the answers on the test!
Hunter has been working hard at his baseball skill. He wants to impress his parents. When game day comes he is ready to show his parents what he can do. His first at bat he hits a homerun. He goes on to have the best game of his life.
Sam was in the attic. He was looking for baseball cards. He started sneezing from all the dust. Sam decided to clean the entire attic. After that it no longer made him sneeze.
Joe's neighbors ran a restaurant. It was Joe's favorite place to eat. When Joe got married he had his wedding reception there. Joe's favorite dish was the fried shrimp. After 22 years the restaurant closed and Joe was quite sad.
The waiter carried a bowl of soup on the second floor. A rude patron bumped into the waiter. The waiter lost control and the soup went over the railing. The soup fell through the atrium and hit the ground. The bowl smashed and many were hurt by the soup.
The boy picked his nose. His mom made him stop. The boy did it in private the next time. His mom did not make him stop that time. He started picking his nose in private all the time.
Kelly was excited to check out the new restaurant in town. She made reservations for her and a friend for that evening. When they got to the restaurant they waited a long time for a table. The waitress mixed up their orders and brought them the wrong dinners. Kelly decided not to eat at that restaurant again.
My daughter wants to take gymnastics classes. She has started to enjoy it since watching the olympics. I called around a few places close by. It is really expensive to send her. I think I may try out a month.
I went on a dinner cruise from a nearby harbor. We were granted free drink vouchers and a choice of entree. For my entree I selected a filet mignon. The food was delicious and the ocean sunset was gorgeous. All in all, I had a great time on the cruise.
Kim, Amy and Lynn were discussing boys. Amy had been kissed in the park, and the other girls saw it. Kim was jealous. She was supposed to be the pretty one. But her guy wasn't as hot as the one Amy had.
Benny was playing baseball with his friends. His friend hit the ball across the field and over a ditch. Benny ran to get the ball. He attempted to jump over the ditch. Benny landed in the ditch and was covered in filth.
Gina had checked out a book from the library. The book was now overdue. She hadn't seen the book for weeks. She forgot she ever had it. She knew she had to go home and search her house to find it.
Annie hasn't received her mail in days. She was wondering what was going on. She went to the postal office to ask about it. Turns out, the mailman did not like her for some reason. He got fired afterwards.
Tina was getting older. She noticed some wrinkles. So she decided to get botox. When she did it smoothed her out. Then she looked good.
Fred took out his paint and supplies and began to paint a wall. He ran out of paint before he was halfway finished. Stan went to the paint store to get more paint. He bought a can and went back to his work. He finished and realized the two paints did not match.
Last month we used Door Dash for the first time. We ordered hamburgers. The food arrived on time and was hot. But my wife's order was missing a fried egg. I complained to Door Dash and got a delivery charge refund.
Collins had always wanted his own house. Collins began saving a lot of money. He also worked for many hours every day. After a lot of hard work, he was able to get a house. Collin lived happily every after in his own house.
I have always absolutely loved ice cream. For my birthday one year, my mom bought me an icecream machine. My roommate and I decided to make ice cream together and were excited. We froze the canister, mixed the ingredients, and let them churn. We waited and waited and to our dismay we never got ice cream.
I heard a thud and tires screeching. A car went speeding by me. I saw a man lying on the road. I called 911 to report the accident. The police soon arrived.
Tony was a very successful young man. He was a fitness guru. Tony Struggled as a child to keep a slim figure. Tony decided he wanted to give back to a healthier lifestyle. Tony decided to buy a fat camp and teach kids how to lose weight.
Erin was in his biology class and had to do a science experiment. Erin got into a group with his friends. Erin's friends didn't take the class seriously and fooled around. Erin was forced to do the whole experiment on his own. He passed, but his friends all failed the class.
Cass is very close to her grandmother. Cass' grandmother get sick and goes to the hospital. Cass spends every day with her grandmother in the hospital. When Cass' grandmother starts to get better. Cass is overjoyed when her grandmother is released from the hospital.
Pat was very sad. Pat was looking for a way to become more happy. Pat went for a walk and saw a bird. He decided to write a poem about the bird. Writing the poem made him really happy!
I took a friend to a college party for church. She was from out of town. So she didn't know anyone. She was a little shy at first. But she won a gift card.
Andy loved watching television in black and white. However, Andy's black and white TV was now damaged. Andy decided to call a local shop to get it repaired. Andy was shocked when the shop said they could fix it. Andy rushed his television down to the shop to get it fixed.
Larry was watching the news. He learned that there was going to be a snow storm tomorrow. Larry put salt on his driveway before he went to sleep. The snow melted on his driveway. Larry didn't have to shovel his driveway in the morning.
Mary bought the last pair of Mary Janes at the local shoe store. Liv, wanting a pair for herself, asked Mary where she bought them. Mary told her there weren't anymore, she got the last pair. Liv offered Mary double what she paid for the shoes, but Mary said no. On her way home, Mary was mugged of her shoes by a masked person.
A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night. He tried everything from caffeine to exercise. Then, his cousin Sam came over and they played board games all night. Before he knew it, the sun was rising. Sam showed him that the secret was keeping your mind active.
I took a day trip into the mountains a few years ago. I stopped at a grocery store in a small town. I asked were the local gas station was. The  clerk asked me if I was lost. I told him I know I'm  in  this store but the store was lost.
Rob and Beth were out hiking a trail at a state park. It was an expert-level trail, with many steep and narrow inclines. They took their time, but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top. The view was fantastically breath-taking.
Kate's friend Jan lived across town. Kate wanted to go to the mall with her. But her mom thought it was too far for her to ride the bus alone. She begged but still wasn't allowed to go. Kate sulked in her room until she fell asleep.
Jamie was tired of always having such straight hair. She decided she wanted to perm it for a change. Jamie went to a hair salon that was well known for perms. She was very happy with the perm that she got there. Jamie felt great to have changed her hairstyle.
Sue spent three weeks in France this summer as an exchange student. She lived with a local french family. On some days, Sue went to school with the french girls. On the first weekend they took a day trip to Germany. Sue enjoyed it and hopes to return next summer.
Dan received his exam paper from the teacher. He quietly sat down and started to answer the exam questions. When he sneezed, his snot got caught on the paper. It was hard for him to clean it up. The teacher told him to throw it away and gave him a new packet.
Lauren and her friends were excited to go see a new movie. They were waiting for months to go see it. Finally they got their tickets. After the movie they enjoyed it. The girls wanted to go see it again.
Little Owen loved playing with his soccer ball. His favorite thing was to roll it down the hill. This angered his mother who had to chase after the ball. She told him she would take his ball away if he did it again. Owen disobeyed and his mom took the ball away.
Larry was thinking of cheating on his test. He was so nervous. He didn't want to cheat but he didn't study. Larry glanced over at another classmate's paper. The teacher came up behind him and caught him!
Amanda and Dan loved Harry Potter books. Dan's 30th birthday was approaching. Amanda decided to throw Dan a surprise party. Amanda decorated the whole house like Hogwarts. Dan was very surprised and very happy.
My friend bought a pekingese puppy. She took her to her dad's house to meet him. She walked out of the room for a few minutes. When she came back, she saw him feeding her dog a candy bar. She yelled at him and said he owed her a new dog.
Lindsay loved biking. One day while biking she spotted a fox. Lindsay stopped in her tracks. She waited until the fox moved on from the area. She then rode as fast as she could away from the area.
Mel had a tennis tournament this weekend. He spent all month practicing for this tournament. Mel's opponent was pushed him to his limit. Suddenly, Mel tripped and sprained his ankle. To his disappointment, Mel was forced to forfeit.
Jack fumed and stomped into the office. He screamed at the top of the lungs for everyone to pay attention. When there was silence, he very calmly informed them it wasn't true. He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed. Jack's boss came out of his office and told him he was fired.
The smell of autumn filled Jessica's nostrils. She walked down the leaf-strewn path slowly. As she reach the opposite of the park, she realized she was lost. She had never walked this far from home. Jessica started to walk back along the path she came from.
Pierre loved Halloween. He decided to be a vampire this year. He got a black cape and white face paint. His fake teeth were uncomfortable but looked great. Pierre couldn't wait to go trick or treating!
My FB friend's son is a high school junior. Today was his first day. His mother bought him a car when he got his license. She took a photo of him driving to school. I said she had spoiled him.
Sarah loved roses. Her boyfriend knew she was having a bad day. So he surprised her with a dozen at work. Sarah had never received such a great surprise. She was extremely grateful and told him thank you.
Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont. Unfortunately, Ian does not have a lot of money. Ian calls his mom to ask for money for gloves. She sends him money. Ian goes to the store to buy gloves.
Janie got stuck in traffic on her way to work. She had a very important meeting that day. She was so upset that she was going to be late. She was a main part of the meeting. She showed up 20 minutes late.
My wife and I had coffee in our building's lounge. Another person was working in the room. She left to go up to her apartment. We noticed she left her laptop bag unattended. We told the concierge to watch her things as we left.
Donny and his family went to the zoo. Donny's parents asked him which animal he would like to see. Donny said he wanted to see his favorite animal, the zebra. His family and he searched the zoo for hours for a zebra enclosure. That particular zoo did not have any zebras.
Lyndi loved to go shopping with her daughters. Her favorite store was Walmart. She would go to Walmart with the girls to buy them clothes. They liked trying on different outfits. They picked six different outfits each and bought them for school.
He much preferred meat. But she was vegan. He hated vegetables since childhood. Should he deceiver her or risk alienating her? He settled on ordering water for dinner.
A man wanted to learn how to play classical music. He decided on the Cello but it was too expensive to buy. He found a starter Cello like string instrument for cheap. He purchased it. He played every day and grew to love to make music.
Karen was dumped recently. She couldn't understand why. She kept trying to contact her ex. He refused to answer. Karen got upset and showed up in person and freaked him out.
Lacy's daughter had been making bad grades. Lacy decided to punish her daughter. She didn't let her daughter watch TV. Her daughter spent more time doing her homework. Lacy's daughter improved her grades.
John did not budget money well. As soon as John got his paycheck, he would spend money frivolously. By the time Monday came back around John had no money for lunch. John found this out when his debit card was declined. He decided to download a budgeting app on his smartphone.
Tonight, my husband brought home a bottle of wine. He had a hard day at work and wanted to enjoy a nice dinner at home. We ordered take out and drank our wine. He told me about his day. Things will be better tomorrow.
My wife retired two weeks ago. She had a party last week. A coworker gave her a gift card. It had $31 on it, which is an odd amount for a gift card. The internet showed it was a $100 card that had been used.
Rex notices that he is feeling very bored. He decides to see what is on television. Rex watches a nice documentary on turtles. After the documentary he goes on a walk. Rex feels much less bored now.
The kids woke up hungry. They wanted to eat big bowls of cereal. The mom poured the cereal into the bowls. Then they realized they had no milk! The kids went to school hungry.
Sarah loves to go for a walk every evening. One day, she decided to take a different route than usual. On her new path, Sarah found an unusual box. The boxed contained a diamond ring! Sarah was glad she changed her route that day.
Larry loved gymnastics. He always wanted to go to the Olympics. One day he was training hard after school. He messed up and got seriously injured. Larry never got to go to the olympics.
One sunny day, Ava went to lay in her backyard. She closed her eyes and dozed briefly. But when she woke, she saw something bad. She had forgotten to apply sunscreen before napping! Ava was covered in a bright red sunburn!
Tim woke up to his car alarm. Someone had stolen it. Tim filed a report with the police. He also filed a claim with his insurance company. Tim never got the car back.
Kia had stepped on broken glass. She had cut her foot badly. She went to the emergency room. There, the doctor examined the jagged wound. He told Kia that she needed several stitches!
Kale heard that there was going to be a meteor shower. He went up onto the roof with his telescope. Then he laid back and waited for the shower to begin. Soon he was being dazzled by the shooting stars! Kale thought the meteor shower was incredible.
Stan got a new pool this summer. The pool is eight feet deep and twenty feet wide. It is wide enough for all of Stan's friends to play in. Stan and his friends are having lots of fun this summer in the pool. Stan is making many more friends.
I am at my mother's house for dinner. I offer to help mom cook. I help mom cook the pasta. I burn the pasta badly. I ruined the pasta and family meal for everyone.
Mim and Mark worked at a pizzeria together. Kim liked Mark but didn't know how to tell Mark. finally one day, Kim just went to Mark and told him She liked him. Mark had similar feelings for Kim so they went out on a date. Mark and Kim eventually got married and had two children.
Ben went on a cruise with his family. He had fun each day, and at every port. While on the way home, it was announced that someone on board was ill. The cruise ship doubled its speed to get back to shore. They made it in time, and Ben learned that the passenger was okay.
Alicia wanted to check out the ice cream shop nearby. She wanted to see what it was like. When she went inside, she loved it. She tasted all the flavors. She ended up getting many pints.
Travis was always amazing at mental arithmetic. So he never needed to use a calculator. People became aware of his talent. And they encouraged him to compete in a mental arithmetic competition. Travis was happy to win first place.
Ross wanted to try something new. He wanted to take a new job in Vietnam. Ross was scared to get to Vietnam because he was terrified to fly. Ross attended therapy for 2 months before he felt ready to fly. Ross made it through the entire flight with no anxiety.
Last month I was on a flight back from Orlando. The plane was comfy in terms of seating but other ways it was horrible We experienced so much Turbulence that I thought I was going to vomit. I literally had to pray to God that I would be okay. Finally the Turbulence stopped and I felt somewhat better.
I ran at least five miles. And I was really getting tired. I thought about food too. So I got a lemon garlic chicken pita at a food truck. While it was bland, it tasted great after running for so long.
Hunter asked his mom to tell him a story. She went on for about an hour about her childhood. It wasn't long before he was completely bored. He began to fall asleep as she went on. Eventually, he fell fast asleep.
I wanted a nice sun tan so I could look more beautiful. I put my bikini on and went to the beach. I laid in the sun without putting any sunscreen on myself. I fell asleep in the sun and woke up 3 hours later. Instead of looking beautiful, I looked like a red lobster.
Larry wanted to ask Sally on a date. He was really nervous when he saw her. She smiled at him. He got more confident. He asked her to go on a date with him.
Ginny was weaving a basket and her son asked her what she was doing. She told him and asked if he wanted to try . He said no then hit her on the head. She then punished him and told him that was never right to hit anyone. The son learned his lesson and apologized.
The fan hummed. A bee flew into the fan. The fan made a different noise. That scared the cat. The cat knocked over the fan.
The little girl was all dressed up. She was going to be a flower girl in the wedding! She had a beautiful dress and held a basket of rose petals. She sprinkled them on the aisle as she walked. Everyone smiled when they saw her walking down the aisle.
Clark wanted to learn how to fish but his dad was very busy. Clark saved his money and bought a fishing pole. Every day Clark went fishing by himself. One day, Clark saw a person sitting at his normal fishing spot. He walked over to see his dad waiting for him so they could fish.
Tom had an important meeting in the morning. He made sure to set several alarms. The next morning he woke up late. His alarm clock was broken. Tom missed his meeting.
She was a famous ballerina, with worldwide fame. He was a handsome devil, who gave her his last name. Their married life was blissful for many years. Then she caught him indulging in indiscretion with a supermodel. She used his razor to forever change his ways.
Mike was a successful writer, but had gotten sick of writing. He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home. Mike went home and decided to try to do something else. He soon realized that not writing left a hole in his heart. Mike decided to go back to writing, and said sorry to his fans.
I met Eric in late 2004, again on the internet. He also lived in oklahoma. I drove there when he moved away from his wife. We moved in together and got married in 2011. We got divorced this year.
Susie stayed after school with her English teacher. She wanted to express her ideas for her paper. She thought it would help her get a good grade. But when Susie handed in her paper she failed. Susie did not know what she did wrong.
Tom had the day off from work. He wanted to just lounge around all day. He realized how messy his apartment was. Tom decided to spend the day cleaning instead. He was a bit tired but felt accomplished.
I was once stopped at immigration and almost not let in. I was tired and my story was sloppy so they threatened to detain me. Luckily I proved who I was though it was scary. They let me through but just barely. Ever since I have been nervous about immigration.
Ed hated his job as a construction worker. He stood on the 33rd floor of an unfinished bulding and had a thought. Ed grabbed a large tarp and called to his boss. Ed said he quit and jumped over the side. The tarp safely parachuted Ed to the ground.
Lucas and Mel were having a baby. They had invited their friends over to learn the baby's gender. Even they had no clue what it would be. They cut into the gender reveal cake. Then, they saw pink frosting meaning it was a girl.
I was offered a new job with better pay and benefits. The only problem is the shift is on the weekends. My family doesn't want me to take the job. I tried to convince them it would be better in the long run. They wouldn't give in so I had to turn down the offer.
Joe was going fishing. He found a river with really fast water. At first Joe was scared. He finally got the guts to fish. He ended up catching five huge salmon.
Stacey bought VIP tickets to a concert by her favorite band. The band played all of the songs that she wanted to hear. At the end of the show she was asked to come backstage. She got signatures from the members of the band! Stacey was looking forward to her next concert opportunity!
Ally had wanted to go to the zoo all summer. Her mom knew she wanted to go before school went back in session. One day Ally's mom surprised her with a trip to the zoo. While they were there they saw all of her favorite animals. Ally was so happy at the end of the day.
Michael was riding the bus home from school. He was reading a book when he heard some commotion. He noticed a kid in front of him yelling at the driver. The driver and the kid argued and the kid grew angrier. Finally the driver threw the kid out of the bus.
Jill made cranberry sauce to take to her boyfriend's house. She had never made it before but it seemed easy. Her boyfriend's mother put it on the table as they sat down to eat. Jill took some, tasting it for the first time. She had forgotten to add sugar so it was extremely bitter.
I got an ad from Xfinity the other day. It was one piece of paper in an envelope. The envelope stated Do Not Bend. I emailed Xfinity to say the label was silly. They ignored my email.
I wanted some new video games for Christmas. They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday. My Dad and I decided to go out shopping. We left at 10 o'clock Thanksgiving night. I couldn't believe the amount of people I saw at Walmart.
I am a permanent vote-by-mail voter. I used to always go to a polling place. Until one year when my work held me very late on election day. It was an election that really mattered to me. I figured this way I can never miss another vote.
Sophie took ten books at the library hoping to at least read one. She started each of them and put them aside. She was on the last one when the story grabbed her attention. She read all night unable to put the book down. But when she finished it, she was happy she had chosen that book.
Tom loved dancing. He went to a salsa club. He met an amazing woman there. She was from Mexico. They eventually married and had kids together.
Vincent was eating breakfast at a diner. He saw an old friend across the room. He and his friend hadn't seen each other in ten years. The two got reacquainted. They promised to stay in touch.
Kim was going into the basement to do laundry. Her flip flop broke, her foot slid out and she tumbled down the stairs. She tried to grab the railing to stop herself but couldn't. She fell all the way to the bottom of the stairs. When she got up she was fine but her ego was bruised.
One evening while returning from home Kate see's her house burning. Kate is feeling helpless she wants to know if her parents are inside. The firemen come and put out the fire. Kate's parents are nowhere to be found. Kate is then told by the firemen her parents burned to death.
At our house bath time is so fun. We have three kids to give a bath too. They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons. They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess. It may be long and sometimes messy but so much fun!
Tom had just ended a long relationship. His friend got a new girlfriend shortly after. It was the same girl Tom had just broken up with. Tom's friend tried to talk to him about it. Tom cut them both out.
The family took a trip to the Everglades. They'd never been to the swamp before. They were amazed with the alligators and the mangrove trees. It was a very unique place. They took lots of pictures to remember the experience.
My wife's coworker has an adding machine. It stopped printing tapes. My wife called to order a new machine. Her coworker wanted to get it replaced under warranty. The company reluctantly replaced the machine at no charge.
The family went to a restaurant for dinner. Each of us decided to split the bill after we're done eating. The waitress served several plates on the table. After Jim finished, he got out of his seat. Although he thought that he went to the bathroom, we actually left.
John didn't have money for the rent. He needed to find a job quickly. John started working at a restaurant. He worked every day for three weeks. John was able to pay the rent on time.
We went to a building that advertised Laser Tag. We went inside and put on black vests. The vests were glowing with lights. We took our laser guns and got into a battle. Our team won the fight.
When I was young, I wanted to become a teacher. I got good grades in school and was accepted to a nice college. I studied hard, and earned my degree in education. After graduating, I applied to many teaching jobs. Last year I took my first job as an official teacher, and I love it!
Holly loved crafting things for her halloween decorations. This year she made a cat using carved pumpkins. She displayed it proudly on her porch. Unfortunately before halloween could come it began to rot. By the time the holiday arrived it needed to be thrown away.
Lacy was walking a cemetery in the country. She had got lost while navigating the huge area. She decided to follow the trails to see where they would take her. After following the trails she ended up at her car. She was so happy she was not lost anymore.
Jason felt overwhelmed by math class. Jason went to see a tutor for help. The tutor asked Jason what was stumbling him. Jason explained that it was homework due dates. The tutor suggested they work on time management.
Tony realized that he needed to learn to learn to cook. He was confused as to where he started. It dawned on him to ask his mother for help. He invited her over to teach him. She cooked for him but gave him knowledge on the basics along the way.
Janice decides that she would like to take a ski trip. She takes the long drive to the mountain. Finally she arrives. Janice spends the whole weekend skiing. Janice is happy that she took a ski trip.
My son-in-law Rob went to sit in on a class at BC today. It was a class on business ethics. Rob has a PhD and is looking for a tenure track job. Rob is a philosopher. We are hoping he will get a job.
Matt thought he was smarter than any of the other students. He decided to take on a very difficult programming exercise. Everyone in the class thought he would be able to solve it right away. After two nights he realized he had no idea what he was doing. Matt dropped the class rather than admit to failure.
Robbie needs a new guitar. He head down to his local guitar shop. He plays all different kinds of guitars. The shop owner suggests a Stratocaster. Robbie enjoys it so much he purchases the guitar.
Greg was on webcam. Suddenly he sees a fire in his room. He tries to stomp it out but it was too big. He ran out and called the cops. He ended up losing the house.
Kay had always envied the popular girls in high school. Then, one day, they invited her along to the mall! Kay agreed eagerly, but soon she grew dismayed. The girls were blatantly stealing from every single store! Kay decided being cool didn't matter- she walked away and went home.
Jenny knew that the midterm was only a week away. She had not done very well in class, but was determined to do better. She study relentlessly. The day of the big test came. She worked through it all carefully and knew that she aced it.
The morning of a job interview, Lisa woke up late. She rushed through dressing and jumped into her car. Thankfully, Lisa arrived to the interview on time. During the interview, Lisa didn't know why they looked at her funny. She understood when she saw she had worn two different shoes!
Joe was just getting his hair trimmed. Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck. He ended up with an almost bald strip down the back of his head. His barber felt terrible. He evened it out as best he could.
Heather wanted to challenge her friends to a mud run, They got together at the local park to give it a shot. When they got there, Heather was in the lead. Kristen came up behind her and started beating her. In in the end Heather won.
Gwen had a prosthetic leg. She couldn't jog anymore which made her very sad. Then one day she went to her therapist and he said he could help. She got a running prosthetic and she started running. Gwen felt so happy after getting her new prosthetic.
Tammy always had a soft spot for cats. She found a stray on the way home last week. She picked it up and took it home with her. She says she won't keep it but probably will. That's three cats she's gotten that way already.
Lottie enjoyed playing classical instruments. Her favourite was the piano. She was so good at piano, that she wrote her own music for it. This piece became a huge success in the classical music world. Lottie was glad she could spread her love of piano to others.
Amy Called her friend Sara to confront her. Amy heard a rumor Sara was making fun of ehr. Amy sat listening to Sara blame it all on Erin. Erin already blamed it all no Sara. Amy hung up more confused than ever about their friendship.
Nancy had a baby boy. The baby boy was very fussy. She tried to give him a pacifier. He spit it out and cried more. Nancy gave him a bottle and he happily ate.
Colleen has always wanted to play a character at Disney World. She moved to Orlando and applied for a job. Disney hired her as a customer service rep. She worked very hard to reach her goal. The other day she got a promotion to play Mickey Mouse.
Sam's lawn was not looking too good. He was afraid that it would die out. He decided to water it more often. Unfortunately that only made it worse. Sam realized he was drowning the grass.
Ana loved the cute squirrels that played in her yard. She started putting food out for them. She soon was leaving sandwiches every day for them to eat. Before long, the yard was filled with expectant squirrels. Ana loved to watch them eat!
Marty was excited for her first big soccer game. She was feeling a little scared. She never played in front of so many people. She had been practicing for weeks. She ended up scoring three goals in the game.
Hamburg Bergersmith had a big game to play. The coach wanted him to be at his best. Bergersmith's mind was unfocused. The coach gave him a motivational speech. Bergersmith scored 40 goals.
Kay was coloring in her coloring book when she ran out of pages. She decided to finish her drawing on the wall. She asked her mom to come and look at her drawings. Her mother looked upset instead of happy. Her mother spanked her and made her wash the drawing off the wall.
Bob has always wanted to become a history teacher. He worked very hard to become one. Bob finally became a history teacher. He loved to teach his students. He was happy that he had become a history teacher.
I was taking an online test for work at home. Most of the test was math at which I excel. The final portion of the test was mock phone calls. But for some reason, I had two recordings playing while testing. I managed to fill in the blanks correctly and got the job.
Alice pet sat to earn extra money. She had a job with a new family, watching their two cats. When she opened the door to the house, one of the cats darted out. She put a bowl of food on the porch and watched out the window. Within a few minutes the cat was back.
Ronnie was a picky eater. His mother had trouble finding things he'd eat. Ronnie's mom started sneaking broccoli into his mac and cheese. Ronnie actually liked the broccoli as long as it was with cheese. Gradually, Ronnie became more open to other foods.
Joe wanted to go on a fishing trip. He got in his car and drove to the sports store. The salesman figured he could sell Joe a lot of things. He was easily able to convince Joe to buy an excess of goods. Joe was so excited to fish he didn't care how much he spent.
Millie loved to bake pies during the holidays. Each year on Christmas Eve she would bring pies to all the neighbors. This year on Christmas Eve Millie was sick and couldn't bake the pies. All the neighbors felt bad for her and wanted to do something nice. They got together and baked a special Christmas pie just for Millie.
Tim was in the woods hiking one day. He fell into a patch of greenery. At first he wasn't worried. Then he saw the red rash on his arms. Tim had fallen into poison ivy!
Jill loved to play soccer. She was on a travel soccer team. She had a big tournament this weekend. She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament. Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats.
The boy got a skateboard for his birthday. He was very excited. He decided to try it out on the sidewalk. The boy fell and broke his arm. The doctor said he can't skateboard again for two months.
Ned's car had always run fine, so when it stalled, he was puzzled. Then he saw the obvious reason. He had run out of gas! Ned cursed his forgetfulness. He had to walk over a mile to the nearest gas station!
Kelsi went to the local animal shelter to help out. She ended up falling in love with a kitten. The kitten was cute and very tiny. She immediately picked up and took it home. Kelsi named the cat marshmallow.
I lost the lady's card. She asked me one question. She went around the circle. She talked about the company. I was applying for a Charming Charlie's.
Olga was famous. She made a breakfast that everyone talked about. When she opened a restaurant, there were customers lined up. Olga worked quickly to cook for all of them. She was proud and they were stuffed!
The water in my bathtub would not flow properly. I looked up how to fix the problem on the internet. I followed the instructions, and dug out enough hair to make a wig. After that, I cleaned my bathtub. Now the water in my bathtub flows properly again.
Mark woke up and got dressed in a hurry. He quickly donned his pants and button down shirt. In his haste he skipped a button on his shirt. When Mark got to work his friend pointed it out. Mark quickly fixed his mistake.
Ron had distant cousins come to visit him and his wife. They decided to try to be good hosts. They made his cousin's home-cooked meals. They also gave them tours around town. Ron's cousins told him what gracious hosts they were!
Amy was going to see Home Alone with her friend Beth's family. She just knew it was going to be the best movie ever. Beth and Amy laughed at the antics on the screen. When it was time to go Amy thanked Beth's mom for bringing her. When dropped off Amy told her mom how great the movie was.
Gregory had just graduated college. As a reward for his hard work he was taking a trip to Europe. His first stop was The Netherlands. He fell in love with the culture. Gregory decided he would spend his entire trip there.
Sue always wondered why she saw things differently from her peers. She had trouble in school sometimes because of her vision. Sue decided to go to an eye doctor. The doctor told Sue that she was color blind. Sue had to wear special corrective glasses.
The other night I decided to have some pizza. It was frozen. When I took a slice I felt sick afterwards. I could not pinpoint the cause. Then I realized it was because the pizza was dairy.
I purchased a new book from an online retailer. It got sent to my house within days. When I checked the book, I found out that it's torn apart. I picked it up and it fell apart. I sent a report and received a refund.
Jane was in the basement. She heard water running. But there was no water on in the basement. She checked the kitchen and bathrooms and found no water. She realized it must have been outside.
Gina's just discovered refrigerated cookie dough. She asked her mother for money to buy some. Her mother thought it was too expensive. Gina knew she could still buy the cookie dough. She would simply have to wait until she got her allowance.
Tom was trying to take a shower. For some reason no hot water was coming out. Tom checked the boiler to see the problem. The pilot light had gone out. Tom lit it again and took a shower after a few hours.
It started to rain on the way to work. It got so bad I decided to turn around. At home I called in sick to work. My boss asked me why I couldn't come in. I told him I'd gotten sick from all the humidity.
Sherry loved animals. She cared for every pet she had as a child. When Sherry got older she turned her love for animals into a career. She went to veterinarian school and earned her DVM degree. Now she happily and passionately cares for animals for a living.
Marta had her first day of school starting today. Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready. She was excited at the thought of meeting new friends. When she arrived she found someone to talk to. They spent the entire day together.
My niece rides the trolley home from work. Yesterday her trolley derailed. Everyone had to get out and walk down a tunnel. She was unhappy but was grateful there were no injuries. The derailment was not reported on the news.
Mary wanted a pet but she lived in a tiny apartment. Her mom knew her desire and tried to find a solution. One morning Mary woke up and got a great surprise. Mary's mom had found the perfect pet for a small home. She had bought Mary a goldfish in a glass bowl!
Jenny was looking for her binoculars when she found the necklace. She had wanted to see which boy was talking to the new girl next door. The four-leaf clover necklace was a gift from her ex-boyfriend, Bob. After reminiscing, she found the binoculars and peeked out the window. The boy in her neighbor's driveway was Rob!
Sam was feeling tired all the time. He went to his doctor for a check-up. His doctor told him he needed to exercise more. Sam started to walk everyday after dinner. Sam was more energized after regularly exercising.
Eddie was a bully, and bullied all the kids at school. Everyone Eddie met, was scared of him. One day, Eddie met a quiet kid he tried to bully. As soon as he walked up to the kid, Eddie was met with fist. After being beaten for the first time, Eddie learned not to bully.
Christina's yard was a mess. She needed more grass. She planted a bunch of grass seed and watered it every day. Soon, he had beautiful grass. Christina loved looking out her window now!
The Americans were new in town and looking for something to do. They asked some other tourists where was the best place to go. Quite a few people suggested the red light district. The tourists' faces turned red, but they went out of morbid curiosity. It turns out the district literally sold novelty red lights!
I decided to bake some bread. First, I put all the ingredients together. After that, I let the dough rise. Finally, I baked the dough into bread. The bread came out delicious!
June was visiting a friend's house for the first time. As soon as she saw it she knew the house was really cool. Her friend gave her a tour. The house was huge with all kinds of fun features. June never wanted to leave.
Cal's hair was very frizzy. He brushed and brushed but today it just wouldn't lay down. Cal tried some hairspray and even some gel. It was all no use at all. Cal decided he would just wear a hat today.
Winter had arrived. The cold weather cracked the skin on my hands. I was in pain. My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning. I followed his advice and my hands healed.
Rick and Sue didn't have any children. They had a pair of stuffed monkeys that they called their kids. They always took their monkeys on vacation with them. They took pictures of their monkeys wherever they went. They enjoyed showing their friends an album full of monkey photos.
Anna was so excited to take her road test. She could not wait to get her license! But she failed her test! Anna was devastated. She knew she had to get more practice!
Sara had a long day of calling bill companies ahead of her. She was able to knock out the first few quickly. Soon though, she started to feel burnt out. Luckily, a quick glass of water and a snack helped her feel upbeat. She finished the rest of the calls quickly.
Tom was driving down the street. He noticed a cop car hiding behind some bushes. It was trying to catch people. Tom flashed his headlights after he passed by. He figured he helped people slow down.
Rosa worked at a hotel. She was cleaning up a room. The occupant had departed from the hotel. Rosa noticed that the television screen was cracked. Rosa reported the damage to the front office who charged the customer.
Tom loved to play poker. Unfortunately he was bad at it. Everyone wanted to play with him. He made obvious faces when he was bluffing. Tom lost a lot of money on the game over the years.
I loved my wife. I decided to show her how much I loved her. I bought her a pearl necklace. She loved it and said it made her happy. I realized that money really does buy happiness.
Bailey loved to bake as a young girl. Her father had many fields of grain and wheat. She used these in her fresh bread every day. Her bread was the best in town and attracted many food critics. One day she was scouted by a professional baker and offered a job!
Two engineers argued about which design was right for the car. Things got heated and they began to physically fight. Each engineer was bruised very badly and bleeding a little. Their boss stopped the fighting demanded they resolve it. Neither could give in a little and so the project never was finished.
Tom took his girlfriend out to eat. He told her that he can order anything that she wants. She picked the most expensive items on the plate and ordered drinks. The total bill came out to be $145 dollars. Tom had to withdraw money from his savings.
Sean was in his kitchen cooking some burgers. He had to open up the window to let out some smoke. Suddenly, his pet cat leaped onto the table and out the window. Sean ran outside and searched everywhere. It took him several hours to find the runaway cat.
Lizzy is mean to her boyfriend. One evening on a date she yells at him. Her boyfriend is totally embarrassed. Her boyfriend leaves the restaurant. He calls her days later to dump her.
A homeless man walked through Elm Street one busy morning. The man would ask for food or money to anyone that walked past him. A person he asked chose to give him a scratch and win lottery ticket. The homeless man took it and reluctantly scratched it. His face smiled as the ticket revealed a prize of one million.
Alicia went to book club. She sat in the circle why they discussed. When they came to her, she froze. She didn't actually read the book. Alicia was embarrassed.
Cathy felt a bit of cold coming. She squirted some lemon juice down her throat to help. But as a lemon pit fell with the juice, she choke on it. She drank a few sips of water to swallow it. And when she did, she felt a lot better.
Noah likes to hike along a lake near his house. Adjacent to the lake is a large mud bog. One day while at the lake, Noah saw an eagle stuck in the mud. Noah tied a rope to himself and a large tree to rescue the bird. He was able to wade out in the bog and bring the eagle back to safety.
My neighbor Andy came over to play. We opened the door that went under the house. We crawled under the house, where we had just enough room to sit up. We called it our clubhouse, and met there every day after school. There is still a notebook for role call under there somewhere.
Paul and Debra had been married for three years. They were expecting their first child very soon. The couple arrived at the hospital late one evening. Debra was in labor for several hours, but Paul stayed by her side. She delivered a healthy baby boy just after midnight.
Mike answered the phone impatiently. The tech responded with a sunny hello. Mike realized he didn't have time to talk and advised the tech. The tech rescheduled for a better time. Mike left for his appointment.
I remember when I started working at my current job. The first day was very scary. I had never worked at a place like this before. After a few weeks I got used to this sort of work. Now, I love working here and I don't want to leave.
Jeff was an awkward child in school. He decided he wanted to be more popular. Jeff took guitar lessons and joined a band. Suddenly, Jeff was surrounded by pretty girls vying for attention. Jeff realized that guitar lessons were worth the investment.
Henry was about to swim in the ocean for the first time. He started to walk slowly from the shoreline. His dad remained behind him in case anything bad happens. A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water. In addition, it smacked Henry on the chest.
Marcus was sitting in his taxi waiting for a customer. Someone got in and told him to drive. He asked where to. The man pulled out a gun and told him just to drive. He looked behind him and saw a man in a mask.
Mary was starting her first day of school soon. She was nervous because she didn't know if she'd make new friends. The night before school started, Mary prayed to make friends. The next morning, Mary got on the bus. She found a seat next to a nice girl who was just as nervous as Mary.
Tim's grandfather was suffering from depression. It was too much for him to handle. He attempted suicide. Tim had to take him in and take care of him. It made him mildly depressed as well.
Bob was on the phone all day. It was raining something fierce when he finally wasn't. Bob was sad he hadn't been able to go for his daily walk. When it stopped raining he saw there was a full moon. Bob went for his walk at midnight and was happy.
I had never ice skated before so therefore decided to try it. As I headed over to the rink and tried on skates I was excited. The rink was very crowded and full of kids. I got on the ice but slipped and fell. Thankfully I got back up and was okay.
Larry was a demented boy in a rich family. He would often torture cats and dogs in the neighborhood. Larry was so mean to a neighbor's cat that they called the police. Larry's father settled things without the courts. Larry went back to torturing animals shortly after.
Dirk told his friend that he had made a grandfather clock by hand. Dirk's friend asked him how he got and installed the glass. Dirk explained that a local glass service put it in for him. Dirk's friend pedantically said Dirk didn't make the clock by hand. From then on, Dirk told people he made a 'clock cabinet' by hand.
Ryan and his girlfriend Jackie went to Jamaica. On the first day, a hurricane hit the island. He stayed inside all day, watching the hurricane and playing Monopoly. The next day, the hurricane had passed and the sun was shining. He then swam in the pool and drank alcohol!
James was very mad at his older brother. His brother had just yelled at James for losing his glasses. James knew that it was his fault, but didn't understand his brother. Why did he always yell at James? James punched his brother in anger, which led to him being being beat.
Sue was a freshman at college and was having a hard time. She was a biology major and the classes were very difficult. She would stay up all night studying and still struggle to pass. Her roommate was also a biology major and ran a study group. She invited Sue to come study with the group to get extra help.
Sarah loved to sing. She recorded videos of herself covering many songs. The videos gathered lots of views. Sarah eventually got a record contract. She became a famous singer and toured all over.
Keith was trying to impress his boyfriend. He flexed his arms and tried to lift their car. Unfortunately, it had been left in neutral with the parking brake off. The car rolled backwards right over Keith. His boyfriend watched helplessly as he was crushed under it.
Karen wanted everything to be perfect when she met her new in-laws. She worked hard for an entire day cooking a perfect meal. She took a nap, but slept too long and everything burned. Her fiance said he'd fix it and ordered Chinese food. Turns out, his parents loved Chinese food most of all.
Tim was allergic to peanuts. He was out eating at a restaurant. He asked them if there were any in his food. They told him there wasn't but he still had an allergic reaction. Tim is now suing them for medical costs.
Jane was having a hard time getting her family to eat healthy. She had tried to hide wheat grass in their food and failed. She decided to try Moringa powder instead. She put the powder in chocolate milk. Her daughter complained the whole time of the gritty texture.
On one of my birthdays I invited all my friends to go sledding. We drove to the sledding hill and the fun began. Laughter, thrills, and excitement filled our young hearts. Eventually everyone was tired, and a few people were mildly injured. We had a great time and I will not forget that day.
Nala went bowling with her friends. She had never bowled before. She did her best to hit the pins. At the end of the game, she checked her score. Surprisingly, Nala had come in second place!
Charlotte was just a baby. But, she took her father's cell phone. She pushed around on it. She accidentally FaceTimed her aunt! Wasn't that funny?
Katy had a group of friends over on Friday for a sleepover. They stayed up late and told ghost stories. Katy was frightened, kept hearing noises and couldn't get to sleep. The noises were just her friend whimpering, who also couldn't sleep. They stayed up and whispered about boys at school, which relaxed them.
Nan was shopping for summer. She bought some shorts. They were really cute! Nan was excited for the weather to improve so she could wear them. She had a great summer wardrobe!
Al was the scrawniest guy in his gym class, and was always teased. He wasn't good at most of the things they did in gym class. Al needed to make a change. During the summer, Al worked out every day and ran every night. In September his classmates didn't recognize him.
I was using the toilet. Suddenly, I saw a silverfish. I got scared. I picked up a magazine and killed it. Finally, I could use the toilet in peace.
Jan's house was a mess. She knew she should start cleaning by washing the dishes. After the dishes she took out the trash. Next was vacuuming the floors. After that she cleaned the bathroom.
Janet was playing ball with her brother outside. Janet threw the ball behind the trees. She could not see where it went. She looked everywhere and almost gave up. But then the family dog sniffed it out and the ball was found.
Steve still felt guilty about fighting in the war. Every night he was haunted by nightmares and his memories. The lack of sleep started to hurt his work and family life. Steve knew he needed professional help. Steve started to get a better after talking to a therapist.
Tara wanted to learn to bake a cake. She wasn't good at reading instructions, though. She asked her friend Mary to teach her. Mary showed her how to bake a cake. Tara was very happy.
The roof of Wendy's house was swaying. It had originally been a barn and the rafters were far apart. Wendy considered her options to fix it. She eventually decided the best course was to tear it down. She figured she'd build a better house where the current one stood.
John and Sally were at the library looking at books. Sally was looking at mystery books when she found an old picture. John asked who was in the picture, Sally said she didn't know. They decided to ask the librarian. The librarian did not know so they decided to go on an investigation!
Angela ran back to her car. Her meter was about to run off. She got to her car. She found a ticket on the windshield. She was two minutes overtime.
Charlie wanted to have a party. He called a few of his friends. He made lots of food. He bought some drinks. His party was a success.
Billy and Timmy were playing behind a church. Timmy noticed something red sticking up out of the grass. He ran over and discovered it was a wallet. He asked Billy what he should do. Billy took the wallet into the church in case the owner showed up.
Joe was doing bad in school. He asked his teacher if he could have some help. She agreed to tutor him after class one day a week. Together they worked to improve Joe's grade. And it worked - Joe went from a D to an A!
Martha wanted to have a fun day. She can't have fun without her husband. She invited him to go to the park together. She remembered something soon after. He had to go to work.
I tried to play soccer in high school but it didn't work out. I didn't realize how much running was involved. The first two weeks of practice we didn't even touch a ball, just ran. We ran so much I thought I was on the track team. After a month I quit and played golf instead.
Chad decided he wanted to lose weight. So he went on a diet and started exercising. After working out for several months, Chad started to notice. He was getting buffer and more leaner. This raised Chad's confidence ten fold.
A local pizza man wanted to add some art to his pizza boxes. He ordered a large stack of blank boxes. When they came he began to paint them. He made beautiful designs on each box. The pizza man's customers were thrilled with the result.
Deena was walking home one cold day. She was walking very fast because she was so cold. Suddenly she heard a dog barking at her. Deena thought the dog sounded scared so went over to it. The dog seemed sick so she took it home and kept it.
Jon was eight and loved worms. He begged his mom for a worm farm. His mom thought it was yucky and said no! But then Jon convinced her of the farm's educational potential. She conceded and bought Jon the worm farm after all!
On towing day we were surprised. There were two cars parked. Only one was put on a flatbed, and we wondered why. Later, a small tow truck took the car. I think the flatbed tow would have damaged the car's brakes.
Tod played basketball for his school's team. And he always missed free throws. His coach recommended to practice them more often. So Tod practiced free throws for four hours everyday. After scoring during a game, Tod was glad he practiced so much.
I went to buy a lollipop yesterday. It was large and swirly. I thought it looked beautiful. However it tasted horrible. I threw it away.
Toby had just moved into a new house and the yard needed landscaping. He decided he would try to take up gardening. It took him a week to set up the land and build the garden. When it was finished, he immediately began planting. To his delight, he had blossoming plants within a few weeks.
Ray was working on his truck. He realized he needed a new valve. He went to the parts store. The parts store was out of that valve. They ordered the part for Ray.
My aunt hosted a small get together and invited the family. I decided to go there with my mom. However, we arrived around night time. Unfortunately, my aunt told us that the food was finished. Since I was starving, I decided to leave early in order to buy food.
Jamie was shopping for makeup. She found a great lipstick. She bought it and took it home. It was way too bright! She wished she hadn't wasted her money on it.
Adrian was rushing this morning because he woke up late. This was the second time this week that he had overslept. He was only five minutes away when he had to stop at an intersection. Thinking he could make it, Adrian pulled out in front of the log truck. Adrian misjudged the truck's speed and was nearly killed in the wreck.
Lila was sleeping. She felt something brush against her hand. Lila turned on the light. There was a bug in the bed. She called the exterminator the next day.
The Garcia's bathroom was in terrible shape. They put off fixing it for a long time. They could not even use it. They finally finished it. His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again!
Jane loved her boyfriend. His birthday was coming up. She decided to throw him a surprise party. Jane's boyfriend had no idea. He was very happily surprised.
Ashley took off her wedding ring to do the dishes. She forgot to put it back on. Her husband accidently knocked the ring down the sink. He didn't notice what he did. Ashley never found out what happened to her ring.
The local high school was having a fashion show. Jim went as a reporter for the school paper. He interviewed the designers, and photographed the event. Jim wrote a glowing review of the event. The principal thanked Jim for his work.
I needed to get a new pet for my house! After doing some searching around, I decided on a lab. I went to look at a little puppy in another town. I loved him! It wasn't long before I had him home!
Sam was at his friend's wedding rehearsal. He started drinking too early. When his toast came up he was already too drunk. Sam made a lot of rude comments. His friend asked him not to attend the wedding anymore.
My school was hosting a small tournament one day! They were inviting a small amount of people to compete. On the day of the tournament the shout-casters were sick! The organizer was scrambling to find people so I offered to do it. He was very happy and I went on to cast the tournament!
Tom woke up to a loud noise at night. He realized his car's window was broken. Tom checked to see but nothing was stolen. The cops found out it was young hoodlums being destructive. They were caught and Tom was paid back.
Eric loved to eat meat a lot. In fact, he would eat certain meats almost every day. One day, he wanted to eat some chicken for dinner. When he checked the fridge, he saw it was empty. After that, Eric rushed to the store and bought some chicken to eat.
I was hoping to get a good night's sleep. But I woke up to the noise of a helicopter. I heard it circling my neighborhood for hours. And I couldn't find out why it was there. I was so exhausted however, that I feel asleep again.
Tonight I decide to cook dinner early. We had a big game and I wanted to make sure we had food. After the game everyone decide to go out for Dinner. I forgot all about the food I had made. When we got home it was cold and we couldn't eat it.
Sheila went to her apartment late at night. Suddenly, she heard uneven sound from her room. She was so scared and don't know what to do. When she's inside her room she saw a ghost and she began to cry. Until her friends showed up and she realized it's just a prank.
Terry attended an academic conference across the country. He had some nice conversations with a lady at the conference. Their last night there she told him what a great guy he was. He wanted to express his attraction for her, but he didn't. He regrets it to this day.
Sarah really liked Hayden a lot. She always daydreamed about going on a date with him. Hayden never paid much attention to Sarah at school. He noticed her sitting by herself at church one Sunday. Sarah was shocked when he asked if he could sit with her.
Janet was late for her son's recital. He had been talking about it for weeks. She hoped to sneak in and pretend to have been on time. Unfortunately her shoes squeaked loudly in the auditorium. All attention was drawn to her and as she coyly tries to sit down.
Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently. He loved speeding in it everywhere. He didn't care about the speed limits. A police officer saw him speeding by. Trevor got a very pricey ticket he had to pay.
Tim enjoyed listening to music. Tim especially enjoyed life music. Tim attended a concert. Tim was surprised with the artist began playing the harmonica. Tim found a new type of music to love in the harmonica.
Marina loved all sorts of animals especial the marine kind. She fought for their rights and devoted her free time to them. She loved sharks and even though dangerous cared for them. While caring for an injured shark one day she was savagely attacked. She didn't survive and friends wonder to this day if it was worth it.
Lucy got a present for her friend. When her friend Stacy opened it she didn't like it. But Stacy did not want to be rude. So she told her she loved it. But later she re gifted it.
Kia went to her son's soccer game. She sat in the bleachers to cheer him on. But then a soccer ball flew into the stands! It hit Kia in the cheek, causing a big bruise. Kia decided to sit farther back next time!
Steve was waiting for his mom to come home from work. And he was getting really worried. He was expecting her to be home an hour ago. But Steve was happy that she finally arrived. His mom told him that she just went to a restaurant after work.
Richard was employed as a fundraiser for a large non-profit company. The company's mission was to provide food to needy families. Richard's job was easy during the holidays when many felt generous. Richard's job was hard during the summer when many felt indulgent. Richard soldiered on year-round, believing his company to be noble.
Jill was opening all her Christmas gifts. She got the items out of her stocking last. She got lots of little trinkets. The last thing she pulled out was a giant candy bar! Jill loved seeing what was in her stocking each year.
Rhonda was eating lunch. She ordered too much food so she took some home. On her way out of the restaurant, she saw a hungry looking old man. Rhonda gave her leftovers to the old man. The old man thanked her and smiled.
  My company had a "forty hour per week" work policy. I was working fifty hours per week. I made a lot of good overtime! My company didn't like that very much. Now I have Mondays off.
Zanib enjoyed playing lazer tag. She played it more often that most adults would think normal. Over time, she had become really skilled. She entered a competition with many entrants. She ended up placing first, the only adult among many children.
There was another school shooting yesterday. It was at a school my child attends. I freaked out when I heard the news. I called immediately to see if he was okay. Luckily he was one of the ones that made it out.
Yesterday was the live show special. I kept trying to watch it. Unfortunately there were technical difficulties. I was unable to see it. Unfortunately I was upset.
Pamela had left her window opened that morning. When she came home she saw a wasp nest in the corner of the room. Panicked, she picked a broom. With fear in her heart, she poked at the nest. It fell and wasps came out sending Pamela in screams to the kitchen.
Ava took up knitting. She decided to knit her mom a blanket. She worked hard on it for weeks. Then she presented it to her mom. Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift!
I went to Texas last week. It was very fun. We had bbq food. It tasted very good. I wanted to go back.
Rufus is late meeting his friends at happy hour. When he arrives, all of his friends are already there. Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them. He goes to the bar and orders one beer. Rufus feels glad that he can finally join his friends.
Spencer needs to deposit some cash into his account. He arrives at the bank at 9am. The bank just opened, and he doesn't have to wait in line. Spencer deposits his money and leave. Spencer is satisfied by saving money.
Reginald had gone to the theatre three nights in a row. Unfortunately last night he left his hat behind. He phoned the theatre to look through the lost and found. He searched but did not find his hat. As he left, the manager caught up to him with his hat!
Rich and his friends went to see Garth Brooks in concert. There were so many people at the concert. They got some drinks and found their seats. Rich sang along to every song. He thought it was the best concert ever.
Brandon woke up on a cold morning. Ice had begun to coat the frame of his bedroom window. He went and prepared himself for the day and the cold weather. Brandon walked towards his front door to go outside. He opened the door took one step outside and fell on his bottom.
The little girl across the street came over to visit. She was carrying a tiny puppy. It looked like a chihuahua. I asked her what its' name was. She smiled and said her name was Precious.
Jack was playing with his new sling shot outside of his home. Jack saw what he thought was a cluster of leaves on a tree. Jack fired a rock from his slingshot at the cluster of leaves. Jack realized it was a baby bird's nest with one injured baby bird. Jack helped the bird by taking care of it and eventually set it free.
My wife started working part time last year. Her boss Mary agreed to the new work schedule. Mary started thinking that having a day off would be great. She started taking Wednesdays off. Today she went to lunch with her husband.
Cindy had never learned to ride a bike during her childhood. This didn't bother her until she found herself living in a large city. With no money to afford a car, she knew biking would be necessary. She convinced herself it would be easy as she purchased a large bike. As she fell for the 4th time, she knew she had been wrong.
Greg had a fascination with state quarters. His grandma had bought him a book to place his quarters in. It took a long time but he finally filled the book. One day a thief broke into his house and stole his collection. Greg was mad because he had to start all over again.
The Yankees were down to their last strike. They need two runs to win the World Series. There was a runner on base and Derek was batting. The pitch came in and Derek slugged it over the fence. The Yankees won the World Series!
James had always wanted to be elected to student council. He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected. So he worked very hard to speak with different students. Finally he was elected to student council. James felt very proud of all of his hard work.
Alison got a new laptop. She used it everyday. All the sudden though it stopped working. So she had to take it in. Allison got it back a week later.
Tonight I am hosting a dinner party in my home. This morning I cleaned my home and mowed my lawn. This afternoon I prepared all the food and beverages. Before my guests arrived I put on my nice, new red dress. I am pleased to say that my dinner party was a big success.
Susan was knitting a scarf for her mother. She worked on the scarf everyday after school. She dedicated many hours working on the scarf. One day, Susan lost the scarf she was working on. Her mother still thanked her for being so thoughtful.
Jerry moved from the United States to Paris. While he was in France, Jerry painted portraits on the street. He fell in love with a woman named Jane as he painted her portrait. Jerry and Jane got married three months later. Their favorite wedding gift was a drawing given to them by Picasso!
The man was seriously overweight. He decided to try a fad diet. He fasted for three days. He passed out on the third day. The man stopped trying the fad diet.
Becky was in a book club. She had always wanted friends to talk about literature with. Becky read all the required books and showed up to the meeting. Becky was upset that the book club was more of a wine club. Becky pouted in the corner while all the other women got drunk.
I dropped my phone. The screen broke when it hit the ground. The phone still works. I took the phone to get a fixed. I paid to have the screen replaced.
I began making fish curry for my boyfriend and I. I decided not to read a recipe since I've made so many in my life. I let the curry sit before tasting. When it was time to taste, I was disgusted. I accidentally used a whole garlic instead of a whole onion.
California was having really bad weather. The news told every residence to stay in their homes. Not everyone listened, and then a mudslide came down the street. It took 10 people for a ride down the road for a mile. The next day, there was mud all over California.
Carol had difficulty falling asleep at night. The lack of sleep started to interfere with her work. She decided to see her doctor about the problem. He prescribed medication, but it made Carol have nightmares. Carol decided to look for another solution to her insomnia.
The man went to the moon. The moon had lower gravity. It felt different when the man walked. He told the story on television. People enjoyed the story.
A doctor was tried of being a doctor so he quit his job. The doctor decided to become a chef as a new career. At an interview, the interviewer didn't believe his resume. The man interviewing him asked if he was a real doctor. The doctor showed him his stethoscope as proof of his claim.
A band had just toured. The lead singer got sick. The bandmates didn't know what to do. The singer tried to get better. They just kicked him out.
Anna bought an exotic fruit to try. It was called a pomegranate. At first it was confusing. Then she figured out how to chew the seeds. Anna fell in love with their sweet taste!
Tom went out to lunch with some of his friends. They all enjoyed their meal but soon started to feel ill. By the next day all of them were very sick. They all had to miss work! Tom and his friends will never go to that restaurant again.
Chloe decided she didn't like living in Chicago anymore. She decided that a change of scenery would be good for her. She packed up all of her things into boxes. She moved to Florida to live on the beach. Sitting on the beach sipping lemonade, Chloe was happy she moved.
Charles had always been the best pool player in his group of friends One day, a new person appeared and challenged Charles to a game They had a good game, but Charles lost in the end He realized that he didn't always have to be so competitive He became a better friend to his friends, and a better person
My girlfriend broke up with me for no reason. Since she broke up with me over a text, I became furious. My boss ended up calling me and I said that I'm missing work today. In addition, I punched a hole in the wall. Although I didn't want to see anyone, my friend came to visit.
Rosy's husband beat her everyday. She was used to this, and never groaned for this. She accepted her mistake and went elsewhere after the event. Once, she got up, and pushed the chessboard, and practiced hard. She played again, after a few week, and this time she beat him, badly.
Annie was cooking. She went back to her room and got distracted. The house went on fire. She called the cops. Everything was fine in the end.
Our internet went out yesterday. We got a note service was restored but our unit was out. I contacted tech support, who had me checking my router. They later found out a tech was still making adjustments. We got service later.
Sam was taking a hike by the lake. He got too close and slipped. Sam fell into the water. He dragged himself out but was soaked. Sam had to go home to change.
Lulu wanted to take her friends on vacation with her to Amsterdam. She wanted to show them where she grew up. As the girls arrived in the city they were in awe. They thought it was great where she grew up. By the end of the trip they couldn't wait to go back.
Deena was trying to install an app on her phone. She was being stopped because her memory was full. She needed the app so she went to make space. Unfortunately that meant removing some of her favorite apps. Luckily the new app was well worth the trouble.
There was a shoplifter in my store yesterday. Store policy is to offer "aggressive" customer service to deter theft. Employees began following her around offering to help her. Eventually there were six people following her everywhere she went. She finally put everything down and left empty-handed.
Anna took a trip to the shore with her family. She brought along her binoculars. When they arrived, her brothers went right into the water. But Anna sat with her bird book and binoculars. She was eager to see what bird species lived by the water!
Lilith loved fish tacos. She tried to get her boyfriend to try one but he didn't like fish. Finally, he agreed to try. Lilith made the tacos that night. Unfortunately, the meat was bad and they got sick.
Tom was at a concert. He really needed to pee. Tom didn't want to miss out on the show, though. He held it in until the band was done. Unfortunately everyone else did too and there was a huge line.
Everyone became seated when the presentation started. Several sea mammals were swimming around the water. A huge dolphin bounced high. It splashed into the water afterwards. Everyone, including myself, got soaked.
Erica was bored. Erica decided to watch television. There was nothing good on the television. Erica shut off the television. The rest of the day was filled with boredom for Erica.
Janet had not graduated high school. She decided to go back to get her diploma. She showed up everyday ready to learn. The day finally arrived for her to graduate. All her kids and grandchildren came to watch.
I was hungry this morning. There was no food in my house. I created a menu and a grocery shopping list. I gathered my canvas shopping bags. I walked to the health food store.
Eric found a funny video on the internet. He thought his friends would enjoy it as well. Eric sent the video to a few of his friends. His friends did not find it as funny as Eric did. Eric decided against sending any more videos to friends.
Someone was trying to rob the bank. He held the bank up and stole a lot of money. He ran out but was immediately stopped. Cops arrested him. He got sent to jail.
Reade dreamed of owning a big truck one day. He wanted a large, black truck that was very expensive. He saved his money for three Year's. Eventually he thought he saved enough. Reade went to buy the truck but did not have enough money.
Gerald was reading a book and felt inspired. Gerald decided that he was going to write a book. Gerald started planning out the book in several notebooks. After a few weeks, he started writing it. He published it on his own online and made some money from it.
Mary had been earning tickets in an arcade. She was running around when she realized that her tickets had fallen. She couldn't find them anywhere. Luckily, her cousin offered to  help her look. They quickly found the tickets under a table.
Randy spent almost an hour cleaning all the dishes at his house. He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned. But when he and his family had dinner, the kitchen became a mess. Randy was too tired to do the dishes again. And nobody else wanted to help.
Owen always enjoyed listening to the canary chirp. He, and the other miners, had even given it a name. Today it had stopped chirping and dropped dead. Owen and the other miners ran as fast as they could. No one died from the invisible mine gases, that day.
Billy decided to order pizza. He called the local pizza restaurant. He ordered a pizza with mushrooms and olives. When he received his pizza, it only had olives. Billy decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again.
One day Michael really needed some cash. He looked online for some nice jobs to do. He decided to give MTurk a try. He signed up and was accepted a few days later. He began working on MTurk on the side.
Reza was a Muslim who had converted to Judaism. His whole family tried to kill him. Reza decided to fight back. He bought lots of guns and ammunition. He killed his whole family.
Amy was starting Junior High. She got up extra early to get dressed. She changed her clothes 4 times. She wanted to look as adult as possible. In the end she had nothing she wanted to wear.
Sheriff Parker didn't like bad guys. One day a masked rider came into town. To save his city, the Sheriff called for a duel. The Sheriff shot first and killed the rider. The town was safe from evil once more.
Amy was without a job again. She was upset since it took her months to find her first job. She applied at a lot of stores near her home. She wasn't optimistic she would hear back from any of them. After a week Amy had 2 interviews at stores she liked.
Jesse had just got paid. He put his money in his wallet. He lost his wallet later that day. He searched all over for it. He found it in the clothes hamper.
I was running around the track. There is a small building on the edge. I could not see the girl coming toward me. I ran right into her. She was okay.
Laura was very nervous about starting school next week. She told me she wasn't taking many classes, so she was concerned. I talked to her and found a new class for her to pick up as well. The class fit very well into her schedule already so she took it. When school started she told me she was very happy with the class.
Tim and May carried the old canoe between them. They put the canoe on the sandy beach and pushed it. With water up to their knees, they climbed in and began to row. The splashed each other with water and rowed for hours. After playing until they were tired, they headed back to shore.
Jennifer was being left with a babysitter for the first time. She was nervous. She accidentally spilled her cup of milk. The babysitter smiled and helped her clean it up. Jennifer felt comfortable with the nice babysitter!
Tam wanted to join the army. He went to the recruitment center to apply. There, they examined him thoroughly. Afterward, they told Tam his poor hearing disqualified him. Tam was disappointed that he couldn't join the army.
Jane started to open all the mail after she got home. In total, there were four new bills that arrived that day. She got out her spreadsheet to make sense of the finances. She looked dismayed that they may not be able to pay them all. She took a break and went to watch some television.
I got a new pet today. I walked it around my house for a while. Then gave it a bath, and washed it. The dog was hungry, so I later fed it. Finally I put him back in his dog house.
Melanie liked to go running. She would jog for an hour each night. She increased the distance a bit each time. Soon, she could run for one hour straight. Melanie was proud of her fitness!
A man looked out the window and wondered what it was like to fly. He opened the window and looked down. The man climbed out the window and stood on the roof. He took a running jump and left the roof. He fell 8' onto a pile of leaves.
Max had a dead tree in his yard. He decided he needed to cut the tree down. He asked to borrow a chainsaw from a friend. After surveying the area, he toppled the tree into his yard. By cutting the tree in pieces, he had fireplace wood for the winter.
Nick bought a sweater from the mall yesterday. He was wearing it today and planned on wearing it to a party tonight. He accidentally ripped it on his way to the party. He quickly stopped by the store and asked if he could exchange it. The manager allowed it and he went to the party with a new sweater.
Tom tried to put gas. His card was rejected. He moved to another pump and it worked. Tom later found out he was charged at the first pump. He called his bank to get it fixed.
Madeline was anxiously awaiting her baby's birth. She had tried for years to get pregnant. Her due date was fast approaching. When the baby was born, Madeline's whole family was there. They rushed in the room, eager to meet the baby.
Tom bought plants for his apartment. He got sick shortly after. Tom wasn't able to take care of them. Most of them died. The few left alive he decided to give away.
I accidentally broke a mirror this morning. I was moving it into another room. It slipped out of my hands. It shattered on the ground before I could catch it. Now I'm afraid of having bad luck.
Adam went to India. He wanted to see a snake charmer. He asked a local for directions. Arriving at the market, he gaped in awe. Adam was thrilled to see a snake charmer in real life!
Marco likes to drive trucks. He got a job being a truck driver. He drives all over the United States hauling cement. He became very good at this and started his own business. Marco is now the boss and has a successful truck driving business.
A runner in a race was sprinting towards the finish line. Ahead on the path he saw an object move. This surprised the runner. He tried to evade it but he tripped and fell. When he landed next to the object, he saw it was a turtle.
Tim was at home sitting in his chair when he heard rustling. As he looked over he seen a mouse running into a hole. Since mice scared him he became frantic. He called his brother who helped him trap the mouse. They released the mouse in the woods and they were all happy again.
Grace wanted to start a band. She tried to learn to play the guitar, but it was too hard. She decided to be the lead singer instead. Her first audience booed her off the stage. Grace decided not to start a band after all.
Today I bought Christmas presents for my family. I folded wrapping paper around each present. Then I taped the paper to each side. After taping, I wrap ribbon around each present. For the end, I attach a beautiful bow to the package.
Ken couldn't fall asleep one night. He tried all the regular remedies. Eventually he took sleeping pills. It was too late at night, though. Ken felt sleepy throughout the next day.
Harold had just gotten a new puppy. The puppy was hyperactive and loved to run around the house. It wouldn't stop even when Harold called its name. Finally, Harold took out a bag of treats. The puppy stopped immediately and sat down.
My cell phone fell in the sink while I was doing dishes. The bubbles wrapped around the phone as it sank into the water. I pulled it out quickly, afraid it would do damage. The phone would not turn back on. I had to leave the house to buy a new one.
Jessica had had enough. Her husband snored so terribly! She bought earplugs and wore them to bed. She finally got a good night's sleep! Jessica started wearing earplugs every night.
Frank had to sneeze. He couldn't find a tissue. He ran around his house looking for one. Sneezing, he closed his eyes. He ran into a wall.
Alice went to a job interview. She first called the interviewer by the wrong name. Then he asked her some very hard questions. Alice thought for sure she didn't get the job. To her surprise, she did get the job.
My wife bought a bag of frozen spaghetti from the store. The bag was supposed to feed four people. She microwaved the bag for five minutes. We got enough to food for two people. Surprisingly the food quality was not bad.
For Halloween, Gus created his own superhero to dress up as. He called himself the Brick Avenger. Gus Dressed in red and carried a large red brick. He waved the brick around and made sound effects. His friends thought his costume was a crazy bricklayer.
Allie had a vegan friend. She went over her house the other day. Her friend gave her a burger. Allie thought it was meat. But she was totally fooled as it was made of plants.
Sister Snatch was sorry she had chosen a life with few pleasures. She especially hated knowing other women enjoyed having sex. One day, Sister Snatch got a call from a right wing lawyer. He persuaded her to sue the federal government over contraception. Sister Snatch enjoyed causing problems for women who wanted the pill.
Hattie envied her cousin who was a long-haired model. When the cousin visited, Hattie suggested playing salon. Hattie cut off a chunk of her hair, pretending it was an accident. When Hattie saw her cousin again, the long hair was a pixie cut. The cousin thanked Hattie for inspiring her mod new look.
Martha and Howard wanted to have a child. Their first stop was the doctor to get tests done. The doctor told them they should be able to conceive. Martha and Howard tried to get pregnant for months. Then one day they finally got the news that they were pregnant.
Jane started a dog walking service. It was going fairly well until recently. She got a new client with a big dog. It was powerful and full of energy. Jane was unable to keep it under control.
There was an outfit Tara wanted to buy. The outfit was very revealing. Tara's mother didn't approve of the outfit. Tara bought the outfit anyway. Tara's mother threw the outfit when she found it.
Heather loved to tease Fiona. She hid her things behind the sofa every time she came to see her. Fiona was really tired of that behavior and retaliated. She took some of Heather's things and hid them in her purse. Heather, mollified, promised to stop and their friendship survived.
Michael was trying out for his college football team. He missed a few passes in the tryout. Michael didn't make the team. Michael decided to spend more time focusing on his studies instead. Michael graduated with honors.
Ana was making a volcano for her science fair project. She had a difficult time setting it up. But finally she figured everything out. When her volcano erupted at the science fair, the teachers laughed. They gave Anna an A+ on her project!
Tom loves french fries and eats them for dinner every night. One day, Tom notices that his pants are very tight. Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight. He works very hard and is successful. Tom misses his fries, but is happy that his pants fit.
Sam walked through the hallway to his office while reading a paper. A drop of water splashed on the paper as he read. Sam stopped and looked to see where it came from. Another drop of water landed on his head. Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling.
When I was in high school I played in the marching band. We played in different competitions every weekend. The entire band got to travel all over the country. My senior year we took first place in every competition. I got a partial scholarship to college because of our accomplishments.
A shipping company had two orders to fulfill. They boxed up the goods and placed them on separate trucks. A mistake occurred and so they were delivered to opposite locations. The customers were furious over the mistake. The truck drivers drove all night to make it right.
Ann was practicing her leap for the recital. As she landed she heard a strange crack. She then felt pain and saw her toe start to turn blue. Ann knew her toe was broken. She went to the doctor and it was confirmed that she her was broken.
Blue a pizza. So he asked red to pick one up on the way home. Red stopped at Pizza Hut and ordered a Supreme. Blue was happy to see her when she got home. And the two enjoyed their meal.
Ana received an email from her insurance company. It said she was done with the evaluation period. Ana removed the device from her car that monitored her. She put it safely in the house. Ana went drag racing on the highway that evening.
Charles liked to go to the mountains on Sunday. He enjoyed riding his bike across the trails there. Charles didn't check the tires of his bike. His tires were going flat slowly. Charles got off his bike and had to repair his flat tires.
Yasmine was digging through her purse to pay for something. She didn't find her card, but she did notice something wet and sticky. After inspecting the bag she discovered spilled lotion all over it. She carefully washed each soiled item and then the bag itself. Luckily the bag came out just fine and nothing was ruined.
Gabriel was the most pompous man in his neighborhood. So everyone avoided him. One summer, his house got covered in tumbleweeds after a high wind. He, of course, didn't want to ask for help. But the town residents all pitched in to help him anyway.
Mohammad wanted grilled cheese for lunch. He looked in the fridge and didn't see any cheese. He looked in the cabinet and didn't see any bread. He sat at the kitchen table and thought for a while. Mohammed had a bowl of ramen noodles for lunch instead.
Jena was cooking spaghetti for dinner. She went pick up the groceries from the store. The tomatoes appeared to be rotten. Jena picked up a jar of spaghetti sauce. She used pre made sauce instead of homemade.
My mom makes very strange food sometimes. For dinner she made cupcakes with cat faces and licorice whiskers. We had to eat our spaghetti as our dessert. We had fun eating backwards. My mom says we'll do a silly food day once a month.
Sally worked at a busy office. She had a crush on her manager, Dave. Dave was happily married. One day Sally made a romantic advance on Dave. Dave politely turned her down.
Anna was trying to reach a box of baking soda. Unfortunately, it was on the top shelf. She pulled out the kitchen stool and took a step. The stool wobbled under her as she reached for the box. She successfully got the baking soda without incident.
James was at a concert. He was loving the sound coming from stage. He got as close as he could to the speakers. The speakers left James unable to hear anything. James had gone deaf from the sound of the concert.
Tess had bought a take and bake pizza. At home she put it into the oven. While she waited she sat in her room reading. Suddenly she realized too much time had passed. She rushed but it was too late and her pizza had burned.
My friend's youngest daughter just got her driver's license She was sixteen Year's old. Her mom posted a photo on Facebook, getting a lot of likes. I commented it was in the genes. Her mom used to be a bus driver.
Mark used to go to the same burger joint in college. He loved those burgers so much and the prices were decent. Last week he went to his old college to see some friends. He wanted to go to that burger place but he was told they were closed. They went out of business and that made Mark sad.
Bob's high school spirit week required him to wear a color. His color was black since he was a senior in his school. Bob found a Batman costume in his closet to wear. When Bob arrived at school everyone was amazed at his choice. Bob earned double points for his team with this great idea!
Alma got a job at a retail outlet. She was in charge of helping customers find the right clothes. One day, a woman came in looking for a specific shirt. When Alma told her they didn't carry it, the woman was upset. Alma directed her to something similar, and the day was saved!
Tom had a pet bird. Every time he opened the cage it would try to fly away. Tom never opened it anymore. One day the bird had flown away. It had learned how to open the door itself.
Anna was ordering herself some chicken wings. She loved spicy foods, so she ordered the Suicide Sauce. But when they arrived, she flinched. Even the smell was painful! She vowed to stick to plain Hot sauce next time!
The girls decided to go get pedicures. They told their husbands bye and went to the spa. While there, they had champagne. Each girl chose their polish color. Their pedicure very relaxing.
My sister in law G suffers from depression. She had three breakdowns in the past 20 years. She came to visit us in Boston last week. Her older sister said G started crying the other night. We are concerned about her welfare.
My baby would not go to sleep last night. She kept crying non stop. Finally I strapped her into her car seat and drove around a bit. It helped quiet her down but only while driving. I wound up driving for hours.
One day Philip was feeling lazy. To feel better, Phillip decided to go on a hike. He put on hiking clothes and got into his car. After arriving to the trail, Phillip began his trek. While walking, he discovered a mysterious gold locket in the dirt.
Yesterday I ate some raspberries. Unfortunately the seeds got stuck in my teeth. I tried getting them out. Yet unfortunately I could not. Finally a day later they came out.
Susy wanted a new laptop. But there were so many available. She could not make a decision. Finally she decided on an apple laptop. There was only reason for that, because it was pink.
Jerold wanted to go to a party with his bigger brother. His brother told him he couldn't go. He begged his brother. His brother let him go. Jerold just sat at the party quietly.
Michael and I had a staring contest. It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds. I finally could not hold it and I blinked first. Michael always beats me but I am competitive. I practice by staring into a mirror so I can beat Michael.
Ugly dark clouds had moved in. Heavy rain began falling. The tornado sirens went off. We hid in the bathroom until they stopped. After the storm we saw a rainbow.
I was really nervous the first night I went out with my girlfriend. I was afraid that I would say or do something dumb. I was right. I made a lot of mistakes. She still liked me, though.
A man drove his car on the road when his phone rang. He reached into his pocket to pull it out. In doing so he lost control of his car. The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans. Cans went flying everywhere on the road!
Hannah was hoping her boyfriend would buy her a ring for Christmas. She had hinted about it to him. She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him. She didn't ask him though. Hannah realized on Christmas morning that she should've asked for it.
Suzy turned sixteen. She got a new car for her birthday. She was so happy and thankful. She immediately started driving it. She couldn't believe she had a car finally.
Roger was supposed to clean his room. He threw all of his dirty clothes in the closet. His mom came to check if the room was clean. She found the dirty clothes. Roger was grounded for three days.
Tim needed new shoes. He had already worn his out. His mom took him shopping. He did not find anything he wanted in the first 2 stores. After the fourth store, Tim finally found the perfect shoes.
Yandy rode her bike for the first time. She hesitated to ride without the training wheels. Her friend rode towards her in the opposite direction. Yandy had trouble turning in a different direction. She collided into her friend.
Beth decided to color her hair blonde at home. She read the instructions and thought she understood them. The box said to leave on for 2 minutes. Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes. After 20 minutes Beth's hair was not blonde, but orange.
Tom had quit drinking for a while. His AA friends had convinced him he was wise. He now believes he can find the true character of anyone. He goes around claiming he knows what happiness is. This strange behavior has led to Tom's ostracism from our group.
Tom had an old car. It was a manual transmission. One day he forgot to put the emergency brake on after parking. The car rolled away on its own. It came to a stop by hitting another car.
A young boy waited patiently while his mother ordered a hot dog. She added ketchup from the boardwalk stand before handing it to him. He smiled and looked out at the ocean while holding the hot dog. A seagull swooped down and took the hot dog right from the boy's hand. The boy sat down and sobbed while staring at his empty hotdog bun.
I called the vet to schedule an appointment. They said they could fit her in right away. We got in the car and drove to the office. They took her temperature. They said she had an ear infection, and prescribed antibiotics.
Jessica loves swimming. Usually, she swims every day! Unfortunately, it was storming when she woke up. It was supposed to storm the entire day. Jessica was not able to swim that day.
I hate being a bother to people. During one of my hospital stays the nurse changed my IV. It hurt, but not extraordinarily so. Throughout the day my arm was burning more but I didn't say anything. The nurse was shocked that the fluid had made a bubble in my arm.
Zoe's parents dropped her off at her babysitters at 6am on a Monday. They have done this for 7 months straight. The babysitter is close to the family and they love her. After her lunch was fed to her Zoe fell asleep. She would not wake up from her nap and sadly she passed in her sleep.
Ben bought a cabin in the woods. Ben never had much time to get out to it because of his job. Ben thought maybe he should sell it but he didn't want to. Finally he decided he would find a better job. After Ben got a better job, he spent more time at the cabin
There was an old tree at a local park. The citizens were fond of the old tree. One day a large corporation came to cut the tree down. They wanted space to build their new business. The citizens protested until they backed down.
Jim went to a garage sale. He found a drum set that he really liked. He practiced the drums for hours when he got home. He eventually got so good that he formed a band. Jim toured everywhere with his band.
Rachel was about to eat some pancakes. She sat at the table with her plate. As she buttered the food, she noticed a bug. She was disgusted. She decided to throw the food out.
I have been working on my computer all day today. I have been working very hard. Around noon, my computer shut off. This was very unexpected and it made me mad. I figured out what was wrong with it and I got back to work.
Ben was bowling with friends at the local alley. Before his first turn he went to the jukebox. He put in a dollar and played his favorite song. Ben felt very amped up and strut back to his lane. He sang along to the song as he rolled his first frame.
Jordan brought a stink bomb to school. He threw it into the trash can when he was walking into class. The smell in the class was horrible. The students had to leave the class and go into the gym. The school began trying to find out who caused the problem.
I used to work from home. Then I got an office job. I hated the office job. I realized working from home was better. I quit the job and went back to working from home.
Gina awoke in a good mood. She was ready to begin working on her assignment. She picked up the book and began to scan it. She put it down and went to have breakfast. But she ended up going to the grocery store with her mother instead.
A nuclear missile silo received a launch order. The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code. He opened the envelope containing that day's code. Inside was a coupon for half-off the price of a sandwich. Belatedly, he realized it was April Fool's Day.
My grandpa fought in the second world war. On his deathbed, he wrote his will. When he died, our lawyer read the will. My grandpa left me his medal of honor. I cried tears of joy because it showed that my grandpa loved me.
Christina's aunt had a baby. Christina was really excited to meet him. Her aunt arrived at her home with the baby. Christina got to hold him on the couch. She cuddled the baby and promised to be a good cousin.
Tom noticed a spider web near his bed. He looked around for a spider. Tom never found one. He destroyed the web. He always remained scared of what happened to the spider.
I went to a business to make the owner a deal. I offered him ad space on my personal car. He agreed to pay me $300 per month for this ad. I got to work right away and painted the side of my car. The ad brought the owner a lot of new business.
My husband had never cooked a pizza in his life when he met me. I told him one night how to make one with a pita bread. He picked the ingredients in the fridge. And he was pretty proud of himself when the pizza was ready. To his dismay, he had put mint instead of oregano and it tasted foul.
Tina and her friends were excited to go on a hot air balloon. It was the first time they were able to go on a hot air balloon. The girls were thrilled to experience this day. As the girls went in the air, the girls were very happy. The view from above was amazing.
Harry needed to hire a plumber. He looked up plumbers online. There were so many to choose from. He went on a site called Angie's List. They gave a great review of a plumber for him to hire.
Bea yelled out that the computer was broken again. Mike walked into their shared office and looked at her,  exasperated. Mike rolled his eyes. He approached Bea and the computer, sighing a long suffering sigh. Mike switched on the computer monitor.
Dina didn't like her teacher. She was talking about her teacher in the hallway with her friend. Dina's teacher was standing in the hallway. She heard Dina talking. Dina got in trouble for talking about the teacher.
Rochelle walked outside on an icy December night. The pavement was covered with snow. Rochelle slipped on a patch of ice underneath the snow. She fell down and went face first into the ice and snow. She earned the nickname Rudolph because she scraped her nose.
My friend Joe is overweight. His doctor told him to lose forty pounds. One day he went to Maggiano's restaurants with coworkers. He vowed to eat salad, but ate a huge pasta dish instead. He came back looking guilty.
Ron lived in a homeless shelter. He lived with his mother there. He need to go to school that fall. His mother said you need new shoes. Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad.
I am the type of person who loves pets. But except for cats. I really hate cats and i don't even like their smell. One day one kitten was lost in our backyard. Because i don't want to adopt it,i find it's owner and return it.
Tom was in a rock band. They were going to be inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame. Tom got into some really bad legal trouble right before it happened. He was found guilty of some truly horrible crimes. The band was no longer allowed into the hall of fame.
Today I was practicing my trumpet for my role in the school band. I was having a very hard time playing a certain note. It took me three hours to get it down correctly. At the performance I played my part perfectly. I was very happy I played well for my solo.
While driving home from the grocery, we saw something in the road. Just as we passed it, we realized it was a turtle. The turtle was trying to cross the road, but there were a lot of cars. I slammed on the brakes and stopped the car. Timmy jumped out and picked up the turtle, carrying him to safety.
Kayla had a hamster named Brownie. Kayla liked to let Brownie out of his cage so she could hold Brownie. Kayla put Brownie back in his cage and left. When Kayla came back, the cage door was open and Brownie was gone. Kayla looked and looked, but she never found Brownie.
Warren got a C on his English test, missing a B by one question. He brought the test home and showed it to his father. His father looked the test over and then said, I have a question. Why did you mark the definition of torpid as fast? Warren said he thought torpid was short for torpedo.
Inez saw a ballet performance on television. She thought it was wonderful and graceful. She decided to take ballet lessons herself. But after a few lessons, she gave up on learning ballet. Inez found she just didn't have the necessary grace.
Kevin is the proud owner of a Beagle named Mika. On a rainy day Kevin took Mika on a walk around the block. Mika didn't like being in the rain and refused to poop. Kevin brought Mika back to the apartment and went to bed. Mika pooped on Kevin's new couch and spent the next day in her cage.
Devan took his new bike downtown. He left the bike unlocked in front of a store. When he came out of the store his bike was gone. Devan looked around frantically. He reported his bike stolen to the police.
Blaze was born in Holland. His parents moved to Kansas when he was quite young. One day he was playing near a pond and fell in. Blaze drowned, having never learned to swim. His parents were too embarrassed to tell the family back in Holland.
Dan's guitar distorted when he plugged it in. He looked for the source of the problem. Dan found the grounding in the plug was bad. He called an electrician to fix it. Now Dan's guitar isn't distorted.
Tina was being bullied at her job. She reported it to her supervisor. Her supervisor did not believe her. Tina hired a lawyer. Tina sued her employer.
Mia had promised to meet her friends at a new restaurant for lunch. She drove around downtown trying to find it, but no luck! She consulted her map and grew even more confused. Sbe had to pull over finally and ask a stranger for help. But in the end, she arrived five minutes before her friends!
I talked to my 98 year old friend yesterday. I asked him what he was planning to do this week. He was going to a poetry class on Monday and an art class on Tuesday. I was amazed at his energy, as I am 62 and not half as active. I told my friend he was an inspiration to others.
Every Sunday I get pizza. This Sunday I decided to try a new place. I ate a whole pizza to myself. I felt very full but satisfied. I immediately fell asleep when I got home.
Jim was a prisoner but he was allowed out of his cell an hour a day. He was even allowed to go outside. Because he so rarely saw the sky, he didn't take it for granted. He would look up and be amazed. Absence does make the heart grow fonder, he reflected.
Every morning Ernie reads the newspaper. This was his routine every morning. The paper wasn't at his front door like it always is. He decided to look outside. To his surprise, the neighbors dog had stole the newspaper.
The accounting group decided to go out to the new Chinese restaurant. The set lunch menu was only $15 so they all ordered it. After their filling meal, they each opened their fortune cookie. The supervisor of the group decided to pay for the lunch. The accounting group went back to work, happy and satisfied.
Jane wanted her prospective fiance's proposal to be perfect. Every day she coached him on how he should propose. He didn't mind though, because he liked being bossed around. When he finally proposed, it was just how Jane dreamed it would be. They got married and lived happily ever after.
Michael always dreamed of finding gold one day. He panned in a creek not far from his house everyday for months. Everyone called him a fool and told him he was wasting his time. The nay-sayers only made him more determined to find gold. Michael eventually found a gold nugget big as his fist.
Diana was dribbling the basketball to the hoop. Two men approached her immediately. She carried the ball for a few steps to move away from the boys. The referee didn't notice and remained quiet. She made a layup to tie the game.
The first time I had a big score in poker was in college. I played a $1 tournament for roughly 8 hours. On the five minute breaks I would stretch. Eventually I made the final table and it was down to the top 3. By that point I was so tired and played bad and got out.
One family needed to get gifts for their children. But this year they were behind in getting them. They decided to do all their shopping on Christmas Eve. They went to 17 different stores looking for all the gifts. In the end, the christmas was successful and full of gifts.
Kim and Brian had been dating for a little while. One week Brian was trying to surprise Kim with something fun. He had received an email about a wine tasting that week. He decided to try to bring Kim to the tasting. She wound up having an amazing time!
Sam would be working on my roof for several days. The roof had gotten so bad it actually had a hole in it. At first, he debated whether to fix the whole roof or just patch it. The decision was soon made for him. I was cooking in my kitchen when Sam fell through the ceiling!
Beth was on lunch and decided to eat in her car. In the canal in front of her car Beth spotted an alligator. Beth decided to move her car before she went back inside. The alligator moved to the new spot Beth was parked and watched. Beth quickly made her way back inside watching over her shoulder.
Alexis has a very dark apartment. There are few windows and she doesn't get much sunlight. She finds out from her doctor that sunlight can improve moods. After some research she buys a visor that emits UV light. Her apartment is still dark, but she's cheerier than before.
I had a british friend who loved maltesers. I always wondered what they were. One day she sent me a picture of a malteser cake. She had covered a cake in whoppers candies. Turned out they were the same thing.
Tom had been single for a while. His friends set him up on a date. He was unsure about it going in. Tom actually wound up having a great time. They dated several more times.
Tom had weak teeth. One day he was eating chips. A hard edge chipped one of his teeth. Tom couldn't afford to get it fixed. He just dealt with the dent.
Grayson turned 5 yesterday. His birthday wish was to get a pet hamster. Instead, his parents got him a dog. Grayson didn't know he would like dogs so much. They are now best friends.
Marcia broke her ankle playing soccer. She was heart broken. The physical therapist told her to work hard. All of the hard work payed off. She only missed 3 months of games because of her dedication.
Kay was waiting for her driver's license in the mail. She was told it would take 2-6 weeks to arrive. Everyday for 4 weeks she checked the mail. Finally after 5 weeks the license arrived. Although she hated the photo, Kay was happy to be a licensed driver.
Tom wanted a pet snake. He begged his reluctant mom. Finally, she agreed. Tim brought the snake home happily. Soon his mom got used to its presence!
Katherine was nervous. This was her first audition. She said the lines just like she had practiced them. She got the part! She was really proud of herself.
Shane liked taking care of his garden. He planted some tulip bulbs in the fall. He couldn't wait for them to bloom in the spring! He waited impatiently all winter. When spring hit, the beautiful blooms burst from the ground!
I have a date with Grandpa today. He is picking me up at noon. I hope he takes me to get some ice cream. We usually go to the zoo. I love spending my days with grandpa.
I went to a friends house one day. My friend had a big dog. I tried to play with the dog. He did not like to play. He bit me really hard.
I was watching the storm yesterday. You could see all the lighting bolts. It was a little scary. The thunder was so loud. It last for a while.
My brother was writing an essay. He had no way to print them. He sent them to me in an e-mail. I printed them off in my printer. I gave my brother his essay.
Katie went to the park to fly her kite. Her kite got stuck in a tall tree tree. Katie couldn't reach her kite. She asked a tall man for help. The man got her kite out of the tree.
The man heard a noise in the woods. It was a giant moose! He watched as the creature slowly walked through the area. It stopped to drink from the creek. Then he disappeared into the forest.
My ex coworker Ann recently ended an affair. Her lover, Fred, was a married man who dumped her when discovered. The man asked Ann to be discrete on FB. Enraged, Ann posted a photo of a David Ortiz bat she gave him. Fred's wife saw the post and was infuriated.
I used to babysit my little sister when our parents would go out. She liked to play hide and seek a lot. Before bedtime she wanted to hide one last time. After searching everywhere for more than 20 minutes I got scared. I finally found she had fallen asleep in a closet waiting to be found.
I was in Peru on a mission trip. When we arrived at the house, there were many fruit trees. I could not believe my eyes when i saw a star fruit tree. My friends and I picked as many as we could eat. There is nothing better than a star fruit right off the tree.
Today, I wanted to bake a cake. When I opened the fridge to get the milk, I realized I had run out. I went to the store and bought some milk. I came home and realized I had bought expired milk. I didn't get to bake a cake.
Jean's boss was unfairly criticizing and punishing her work. She was afraid to speak up until the boss threatened her job security. Jean spoke to a union steward about the discipline and intimidation. The union leveraged Jean's contract and the labor laws to defend her. With support from her union, Jean was successful in her grievance.
My pet lizard drives me crazy! He broke out of his cage last night. He hid in the corners of my house. I finally found him in the drapes! I'm looking for someone who wants to adopt a lizard!
Kate lived in Florida. Her family lived in Minnesota. After 6 years away she missed them a lot. She wanted to spend more time with her family. She decided she would spend the summer months at home in Minnesota.
I finally admitted I needed help. I asked my husband to help me. He brought the truck and a spare tire. He changed the tire for me. He gave me tips so I could do it myself.
Nicole had a crush on John, who sat next to her in class. They hadn't talked at all yet, but she would admire him the whole time Nicole decided to strike up a conversation with John. Soon after, John invited her along to his weekend plans. Now Nicole is dating the man she crushed on.
Tom got a new pet cat. At first he was friendly. After a while it started acting more aggressive. Tom grew scared of it. Eventually he had to return it.
Minny rode her bicycle to work everyday for ten years. One morning her bicycle was stolen. She called the police and an officer came to write a report. The officer and Minny struck up a relationship. Minny now skips to work happily.
Bri came home and couldn't find her bracelet. She looked everywhere. She asked everyone did they see it. Her brother admitted to taking it. Bri wasn't so mad at him because at least he told the truth.
Jim thought it was a great day to play soccer. He gathered a bunch of his friends. They met at the park. They split into teams and began to play. They had a great time playing.
I once went biking with my sisters in the mountains. Since I thought I was cool I decided to race them down a mountain. As I neared the bottom I realized my brakes no longer worked. As I neared the bottom I closed my eyes as I hit a stone bridge. After I healed I swore to be more careful from then on.
Alex was on a hike with his parents. He noticed what he thought was a trail. He began walking on it. Then his parents yelled at him to come back. It wasn't a real trial, but an animal-made trail.
One of Bianca's friends had recently done a juice cleanse. She said she felt amazing and full of energy. Bianca had been feeling a bit sluggish after all the holiday food. She decided to have a 5-day juice cleanse shipped overnight. By the end of the cleanse, she felt like a new person.
The kids walked down to the woods. They liked to splash around in the creek. They played for hours until they were tired. They gathered their clothes and shoes and went home. It had been a great day!
Tia went to the grocery store. But when she got there, she realized she'd forgotten her list. Tia was so mad at herself! She tried to remember everything on the list. But when she got home, she saw she'd forgotten half of her items!
Xavier was playing volleyball with his friends. He jumped up to block the ball but it hit him in the face. Xavier fell down in pain. Xavier started bleeding. Xavier limped to the bench and sat down, fed up.
I wanted to introduce my in-laws to my board and card game hobby. I tried to get them to play Splendor but they did not like it. On our last trip to their house I introduced them to Dominion. We ended up playing seven games in a row. I felt proud of myself when they told me they ordered their own copy.
Last night, my son interrupted me while telling him his bedtime story. He asked me if I could snuggle with him until he fell asleep. It warmed my heart to hear him wanting snuggles. I laid in bed with him and held him tight. I treasure these moments because they won't last forever.
The other day my girlfriend got pregnant. She didn't want to keep it. Neither did I We went to the abortion clinic and were met with protesters. That didn't stop us from accomplishing our mission, though.
Lindsay was getting ready to buy her new pet parrot. When she got to the shop and found that they were closed. She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open. Sneaking into the back door, she saw that no one was there. Lindsay decided to call the police and not steal a parrot.
Hillary had never had a cup of coffee. Her brother gave her a caffeine pill. She couldn't sleep all night. She was shaking and anxious. She never had any caffeine again.
Max was scared of heights. He was in a road trip one day. His friends dared him to right the visitors train. The train rides high into the sky around the mountains. Max nearly fainted.
Tina bought some new lipstick online. It was from a chinese manufacturer. She tried wearing it out on a date. After a while her lips started to swell up. Tina had to take the lipstick off.
The man laid down for a nap. His cat jumped on his stomach. That woke the man up. The man petted the cat. The cat took a nap with the man.
After moving into my new home we needed new furniture. Laura said the couch was very ugly and uncomfortable. We decided on getting a new couch first! We went to the store and set a budget for ourselves. We found a very nice cheap couch and bought it!
John could not wait to get home and open his new phone. He had been tracking his package all day. When he got home, the box was at his door. He opened the box to find his phone broken in a million pieces. John was disappointed and had to return his phone.
Jeffrey woke up 8 o'clock in the morning. He put on his exercising gear and went to the park. When his friend visited him at the park, both of them started to run. In addition, we used the exercising equipment to work out. We were in the park for a couple of hours.
Lily had to give a speech in front of the class. She was very nervous. The first half of the speech went well. Suddenly, she forgot her lines. Everyone encouraged her and it was okay.
I was going on a flight to England. I needed some podcasts for the plane. So I downloaded one hundred of them. All of the sudden I had no storage left. I had to delete items but I didn't know which ones.
Bill was looking for love He posted an ad on a dating website He soon went on a date with a woman from the website The two connected instantly It's safe to say Bill found love
Hank bought a new donkey. He was a farmer and needed a strong animal to help in plow. The donkey got hooked up to the plow. He refused to walk forward, no matter what Hank did. Hank took him back to the store for a refund.
Susie went to the salon with her friend Abby yesterday. The girls were talking and Abby told Susie something shocking. Abby told her that Claire was talking badly about her. Susie was furious. She immediately dropped Claire as a friend.
I was walking home from school. This kid wanted to take my wallet and threatened me. As much as I refused, he tried to fight me. My friend stepped in and moved him out of the way. He threatened the guy to go away or else he would get hurt.
Bill the weatherman was shocked to see the letter at his desk. It was $500 and a note from an umbrella company to predict more rain. Last week he got $600 from a sunglasses company to call for more sun. He panic during his next broadcast and predicted an earthquake. There was no quake but everyone in town swore they felt something.
Frank needed a good job. He walked to every business he could find and asked for a job. Everywhere he went, they said no. Frank was about to give up. The last business he went to gave him a job as a cashier!
Tom thought he was the strongest among his friends. He challenged them all to an arm wrestling match. They did it at different times to make it fair. He was able to beat everyone It was easy and verified he was the strongest.
Whitney was bored. She decided to get in her car and drive. She filled up the tank and headed south. She ended up in Florida. She had decided to go on more road trips.
The mom entered her baby in a pageant. She walked on stage with the baby. The baby smiled and cooed. The baby walked by herself. The baby won the pageant.
The bird flew into the air. A bigger bird saw it. The bigger bird chased it down. The bird tried to escape. The bigger bird caught it for lunch.
The couple went to take a hike in the woods. They hiked for miles. On the way the encountered a big ferocious bear. The man screamed at the bear. The bear ran away in terror.
Wallace needed relief from this hot weather in his house. He drank a lot of water but he still felt humid. He put a fan on him but that was not enough. He finally caved and bought an air conditioner. He turned it on and he finally the relief he needed.
I wore my favorite earrings to a coworker's funeral last week. Her remains looked so peaceful in her white and gold coffin. The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her. People tried to console me as I felt around under her for my earring.
Maddie always wanted to be an astronaut. She used to spend every night looking at the stars. In school, she studied hard in all of her core classes. She graduated with great grades from a prestigious university. Maddie's hard work paid off when she got a job with NASA.
Sally fell in love with a pair of shoes. She knew they were out of her budget. She decided to save up for them. She finally had saved up enough. Sally was glad she could buy the shoes.
Timmy was a toddler. He was chasing his pet cat around the house. Suddenly, he grabbed the cat's tail. The cat was angry, and scratched Timmy. Timmy was so scared, his mom decided to get rid of the cat.
Jim was a computer programmer. He had gotten his degree from the University of Illinois. He was developing a new program to graph volcano activity. He spent many months developing this program. When it was completed, he sold the program to Google.
Natalie decided to move to a new town. Instead of just moving a few miles away, she moved to Europe! She adapted well to her new way of life. Lots of her family came to visit. She had a great time as an expat.
Jake had just moved into his college dorm. He wanted to make his study area as comfortable as possible. The chair that was in his room was old and stiff. Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist. Jake was able to buy the chair for $50 used.
Tod owned a stuffed penguin named Ivan. Tod took Ivan to the zoo to see other penguins. When Todd arrived at the penguin habitat Ivan was missing. Tod's heart went into a panic, he didn't know what to do, so he cried. The security person found Ivan and gave him back to Top.
Tom's street needed work. He complained to the city about it. They started fixing the area up. It was loud and made it hard for Tom to sleep. He still preferred it to nothing getting fixed.
I am moving away from my family home next month. It will be the first time I do not live at home. I want to bring a keepsake with me to remember home by. I carved a wooden block into the shape of my home state. I intend to attach it to the wall above my desk after moving.
The Smith family likes going on adventures. They decided to go for a hike. They picked out the perfect trail. They didn't realize how long the trail was. By the time they got back to their vehicle they was so tired.
Tom loved nature. His girlfriend loved rainbows. Tom was driving home one day and saw a rainbow. He took a picture of it and sent it to his girlfriend. She smiled and appreciated the picture.
Joey grew up playing baseball. By the time he was in college he was a great player. He started smoking weed. He dropped out of college. He had to get a job in the trades.
Janice was getting ready for a date. She decided she wanted a new cute outfit. She saw a skirt at the store that looked great. She loved how the skirt made her look. Janice was happy she would be ready for her date.
Oliver always arrived first at his gym. But today he was late and all the exercise machines were taken. He headed for the pool and realized he had no bathing suit. Disappointed, he waited in line for an exercise machine he liked. And swore under his breath that he wouldn't be late again.
William was a professional baseball player. He hit a homerun out of the park. His ball hit a car out in the parking lot. The ball cracked the windshield. It turned out William had broken his own car's windshield!
Tina decided to make a frozen pizza. She took it out and put it in the oven. But then she forgot about it. Before she knew it it was smoking. The alarm went off and she was embarrassed.
Bill's buddy Marty invited him to a sleep over. Bill and Marty stayed up all night watching horror movies and talking. They finally fell asleep around 4 in the morning. The boys slept until noon. The next day Bill went home and thought about how fun it all was.
He told me he was mean to me because he was sad. He said he hated himself. I asked why it made him feel good to be mean to me. He said it didn't at all, in fact it only made him feel worse. I shook my head and walked away.
A member of Generation X Rachelle loves 80s music. Actually she loves just about all kinds of music. She doesn't play any instruments. Rachelle prefers to sing than play an instrument. She's a very popular person and everyone loves her.
Katie wanted blonde hair, but her mom said she couldn't dye it. Katie was sad and frustrated. Then she thought of a great idea! She put lemon juice on her brown hair and sat in the sun. In a few hours her hair had lightened considerably!
Brenda recently got engaged to Matt. She asked her best friend Joanne to be her maid of honor. Joanne jumped right into planning the bridal shower in three days. Brenda couldn't believe her friend pulled it all together so quickly. Everyone had a wonderful time and loved the beautiful decorations.
My daughter and son in law are Boston College graduates. They live in NYC. They recently came up to Boston with their 18 month old girl. They photographed their girl at BC. BC asked if it could post the photo on Instagram.
I played three games of chess with my friend Joe last night. I won all three games. Joe said he had a long two hour commute home and was exhausted. He said that was why he lost. I jokingly said he always has an excuse for losing.
Jim was always worried about something. His most common worry was that something would fall on him. When he was younger, a flower pot nearly landed on his head. One day he realised that life was too short to worry. Jim took up meditation to deal with his anxiety.
Morgan liked to ride horses. At the rodeo she enjoyed the barrel racing competition. She decided to try barrel racing with her horse. She practiced with her horse for many hours after school. In her first rodeo, Morgan and her horse came in third place.
Andy recently met a nice lady on Tinder. Andy agreed for their first date to cook at his house. Andy was nervous, but decided to start the cooking. Andy put on the pot of rice, but had to use the restroom. Andy was surprised to find his food burned when he got back!
Rebecca hates Chemistry. She would do anything to avoid this class. She deliberately hit her head today. Teacher sent her to see a doctor. The doctor said it was not too serious.
Mister King lectured the students about writing. He gave many tips during the lecture and answered questions. After this, a girl asked to take a photo of them together. The phone's camera took 3 attempts to take a decent picture. King was surprised, then realized the school was not a fancy one.
Neil got a summer job at an ice cream parlor. He served sundaes and shakes. He also rang people up in the register. He got free ice cream every day for lunch. Neil really loved his job!
Adam and Ruby discussed a movie. Adam thought the movie was dumb. Ruby thought the movie was cheesy. Ruby said it was just perfect humor. Adam eventually agreed.
Quinton lived in an apartment on the top floor. A new girl moved into the apartment across from Quinton's. The girl's name was Bianca. Quinton and Bianca fell in love. They got married one year later.
Martha was a stay at home mom. She loved to bake pies. One day she baked an apple pie. She put it on the counter to cool. When she came back it was gone!
Theo considered skipping superior to running or walking. He felt that it was energy-efficient and quick. He would get strange looks like skipping around. Theo didn't mind. Theo got where he was going fast, and he enjoyed the journey.
My husband spent the morning writing a song. He really liked how it was progressing. Every time he played through it, he would change some part of it. Around dinner time, he finished and polished the song. Finally, he submitted the song to a record company to review.
I sold several pairs of cufflinks on eBay last week. One buyer did not pay right away. He did not respond to requests for payment. I reported the buyer to eBay. I got paid quickly after that.
Little Jimmy wanted a new bicycle. He found out it would cost one hundred dollars. Jimmy got twenty dollars a week for his allowance from his parents. He did not spend anything and saved all his money for five weeks. Jimmy bought himself a new bicycle with the money that he saved.
Noah was a quiet boy who watched the world go by. He never said much to anyone. Until one day when he broke his silence to sing a song in church. No one expected his voice to be so low and so pure as he sang. Every girl in the room sat with her mouth hanging open in awe.
Jenna didn't like to go socialising. She much preferred staying at home. When she stayed home, she would drink wine. Gradually, Jenna started to drink every night. This lead to her becoming an alcoholic.
Samantha had a large four-wick candle burning on her coffee table. Since it had been lit for hours, the sides were very soft. While she was in the kitchen one of the sides caved in. She returned to find wax covering the table and carpet. It took her several days to remove all the wax.
Gordon went to a restaurant with his girlfriend. The next morning they both woke up sick. Gordon vomited all day. Gordon and his girlfriend both made doctor's appointments. They had mild cases of food poisoning.
Joey knew he was better at basketball than Jeff So joey proposed a bet 100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money Jeff beats Joey and Joey Loses the bet
Rita's first day of high school ended with her riding the Metro bus. She'd never ridden a Metro before, but thought, how hard could it be? But she was reading her schoolbooks and missed her stop! When she looked up, she was in a strange neighborhood! Sheepishly, she had to ask the bus driver for help.
We thought we had paid to see our favorite band perform that night. As the opening acts played and disassembled their equipment we froze. The main act was nowhere to be seen and their manager came out. He explained there was a sickness and they would not play. Dejected, we went home sad we missed a huge opportunity.
Mandy was the most attractive woman at the office. All the men wished they could get the courage to ask her on a date. Marvin wasn't like the other men. Mandy approached Marvin and asked if he wanted to go out with her. Marvin grunted that he was busy working and not interested.
Bob wanted new shoes to go running in. He went to the mall that day looking for the perfect pair of shoes. He found the shoes he wanted, but the store didn't have his size. He ended up leaving the mall empty handed. Instead, he decided to buy the shoes online.
Tom was in a relationship. His girlfriend thought he was too secretive. Tom didn't want to change. They fought over it a lot. Tom kept his secrets and broke up with her.
I fed my dog some pork. Alas, the pork did not agree with his stomach. My dog threw up the food. Luckily, his sickness ended after one day. However, I realized that I needed to be careful about feeding my dog.
For my birthday I got many gift cards. I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed. Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards. I could not decide what to buy and I did not use either card. I hope I can use all of my gift cards before they expire.
Ashley wanted to try online dating. She had some friends do it before and said it was fun. She created an account and got to work. She went on a few dates the first few weeks. Within a month she went on a date with the guy she would marry.
Jimmy got a new girlfriend. He met her parents. Her parents hated him. Jimmy was upset. He ended up getting dumped.
Neil was on a trip through Europe. He had just arrived in northern Spain. He was going to hike across the top of Spain. He prepared his supplies and set out. Neil was walking the Camino de Compostela!
Chris and Lindsey were happily dating. They went on a date to a carnival. Lindsey spotted a tent with a sign labeled 'Psychic.'. Lindsey asked Chris to join her. Lindsey and Chris had their horoscopes read by the psychic.
Tanya was furious from her recent breakup with her boyfriend. Dan took her to a shooting arena. The instructor gave basic instructions to Tanya. After her first attempt, she managed to shoot every target. She also didn't hesitate to shoot the targets.
Glenda's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase. When she wanted something to drink, Glenda tried giving her something. The toddler threw the cup though, wanting another cup instead. Glenda had to pour the beverage into the other cup. The child sauntered away happily, leaving the mess to Glenda.
Fred had always wanted to learn to play the cello. He contacted a local cello player in his town to take lessons. While the lessons were difficult, Fred worked very hard. Finally he was a terrific cello player. He felt great that he had learned to play cello.
Everyone at school was getting yellow nail polish. Katie thought it would be fun to try. She went to the salon and got them done. Then Katie realized they didn't look good on her. Katie immediately took it off.
Fatima and her fiance were both soldiers. She had always dreamed of having a big wedding. They were both going to deploy soon. They decided just to go to the courthouse. Fatima was regretting her decision.
Susie had a long week at work. She really needed an escape. So she decided to go away. She went to the ocean. It was very relaxing.
Mary was invited by her friend to her first wine tasting event. Mary was happy she liked wine. Mary went and tasted many wines. Mary had a favorite. She bought a bottle of her favorite.
An Uber driver had trouble finding our home last week. The GPS told him to turn at Gerry's Landing. There are no signs indicating where the landing is. He was fifteen minutes late. I prefer cab drivers sometimes, as they know the area.
George went to the gym every day to lift weights. The stronger he got, the more and more he cared about his gains. One day, his mother became worried that he spent too much time there. However, George assured her that what he was doing was healthy. His mother still cared, but felt better when he said that.
Oliver was at school the day before winter break. It was only a half day that Friday. In all of his classes, they just relaxed and watched movies. Oliver loved it. He almost didn't want to leave at the end of the day.
John woke up late for work. He quickly got ready and left for work. When he was at work he realized he only had one sock on. He kept the fact that he forgotten a sock hidden. On his break he bought some socks from Walmart.
Billy liked tofu a lot. He ate it everyday for weeks on end. But one day he ate one slice too many. He threw up all over his desk. He doesn't eat tofu anymore.
Tim was fast. He was the fastest kid in school. One day he ran so fast that he tripped. He thought he would never run again. However, with practice, he slowly began to run like he used to.
I saw people augmenting their activities with smart phones. I realized that this made them partly organic, and partly a machine. I purchased Vuzix M100 smart glasses. I programmed and used the glasses with software for my life. I became a cyborg with smart glasses.
Reggie moved to Alaska. He went to Denali national park. While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him. There was a moose on one side of the pass and a baby on the other. Reggie slowly walked away before he unwittingly walked between them.
Tom had been feeling under the weather for a few days. He didn't know what it was. Eventually he decided to see a doctor. The doctor told him he had mono. Tom got some meds and had to wait it out.
Reva was born with one green eye and one blue eye. She was also very beautiful. She aspired to be a model and one day she got a modeling job. Reva continued to get jobs based on the color of her eyes. Reva was proud to be the way she was.
Bob was a mime in a park near his home. Most days he made close to $100 in tips. One day it rained hard, but Bob stayed in the park. After 5 hours he was soaked and decided to leave. Bob was sad to see he only made $30 for his efforts.
Jane said hi to someone she met in class. She also gave him a huge smile. A week later, he tried to hug her romantically. She felt awkward and pushed her out of the way. He thought that she loved him.
Jane found out she had cancer and felt severely broken. As a result, she created a bucket list for her remaining time. She managed to complete it all except one which was to date a boy. She went on Facebook requesting for a relationship and she found one. She achieved her biggest desire which was having a relationship.
Evan had not dated in years. He decided to ask out his friend Ashley. Ashley excitedly accepted. They went to dinner. Evan remembered how fun dates could be.
Tim was reading his favorite book. He sat the book down to get a snack. The dog came and snatched a page out. Tim looked everywhere for the page. He found it by the dog bowl and was happy.
Tina needed a new apartment. So the realtor showed her some. Tina was not impressed by them. Finally she saw a good one. She was happy to finally see one.
Brad wants to leave his job for something less stressful. His wife makes good money so he doesn't need to be this stressed. He found a job where he can take surveys online for cash. He also would get to work from home whenever he wanted. Brad quit his job that day and now is an online survey taker.
I was was walking down the street to be greeted by a dog. The dog was looking at me viciously. I stood frozen for a little while. Then, the dog started chasing me. I ran as fast as I could and finally the dog stopped chasing me.
Someone mailed a man's wallet to Jodi. It belonged to her ex-husband, Bill. They were not on talking terms, but she called him to let him know. They met downtown to exchange the wallet. Jodi felt like she was meeting up with a stranger.
Ken was hiking in the woods. He heard some screams up ahead. He went to investigate and saw someone fighting a bear. Ken made loud noises and scared the bear off. The other person was hurt but survived.
As an adult, Matha was still afraid of doctor's appointments. She had a phobia of having blood drawn. She didn't like shots either. Doctor's intimidated her. She doesn't like going to the doctor.
Tom was going to grill out with friends. They wanted to see who made the best burger. Tom had a secret family recipe. Everyone agreed his was the best. Tom felt victorious.
Kate was freaking out about her birthday. She felt bad about getting older. Her friends assured her it was okay. They threw her a small surprise party. Kate wound up having fun with her friends.
One day, Paul forgot to bring his headphones for his bus ride. At first the ride seemed extremely quiet and boring without his music. Then he began to notice new details about the other people on the bus. Paul said hello to another commuter who was reading his favorite book. The two talked, and, at the end of the ride, Paul had a new friend.
Doug had to take three busses to get to school. He knew it would be easier to drive. Doug practiced for his driving test. He passed with flying colors. Doug drove to school from then on.
Bob played Santa at the shopping mall for Christmas. He loved to bring joy to the children and their parents. One little girl came up to him bashfully. She climbed on his lap and asked only for her family to be together. She brought tears to Bob's eyes.
Josie was a straight A student. She was about to graduate but she had gotten a B in one class. She was so upset she begged her teacher to change it. The teacher offered a make up project and Josie happily took it. Luckily she fixed her grade and graduated with all A's.
I found my old yearbook today while cleaning. I started to flip through it and saw a lot of funny pictures. My old school photo was funny and so were all my friend's photos. I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time. The day was almost over and I hadn't cleaned anything.
Whitney was supposed to go out with a guy. He told her they would do something on Saturday. He went out on Friday. Pictures from Friday surfaced. Come to find out, he has a girlfriend.
The heat in Whitney's apartment went out in January. She called the superintendent when she could see her breath. The super told her that it wasn't an emergency. She complained to the owner of the building. Her heat was on within the hour.
As a result of my stroke I have use of one hand only. I found it was hard to button my pants. I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps. I ordered a pair of pants to try them out. They work very well, and I will buy more.
It was lunch time in high school. I was about to open a yogurt container. I suddenly had to sneeze. The gesture was violent. I ended up squeezing the container, which shot some yogurt on my face.
Frank was cleaning his house. Behind his desk, he discovered an old cereal bowl. The entire thing was covered in mold. Frank was torn because the bowl was homemade and special to him. In the end, he decided to throw it away because it was no longer safe.
Ben was running for class president. He made pins with his name. Ben passed out the pins to his classmates. The kids started pricking each other with the pins. The teachers made the kids throw Ben's pins away.
Alice lives in Oklahoma. One day, the tornado sirens went off. Alice warned her family members that a storm was coming. The family headed to the basement. Alice and her family survived the tornado.
David was having a busy day at work. He was getting hungry as lunch time was almost here. He got up to go into the break room. He looked all around the Refrigerator. He realized he had left the sandwich at home!
One day Sasha went to the Brooklyn Bridge. She walked along it for a while. She loved the view of the water and the city. Then she went back to her hotel. She had a great day.
Cory bought some new blinds from Ikea. He assembled them, and was happy with his achievement. Then Cory went off to shower, and returned to the living room naked. He heard laughter outside, and peeked out his blinds. It turned out his blinds were see through, and everyone saw him naked.
Melissa's boss decided to throw a holiday party. The employees were asked to help prepare for the celebration. Melissa was put in charge of the Decorating Committee. Though she was nervous to be in charge, she gave it her all. She was overjoyed when she got many compliments on her decorations.
Ashley was always bragging about how she was the best track runner. The bragging became obnoxious to all of her friends on the track team. So one of the track girls, Cynthia, challenged Ashley to a 50m race. Cynthia ended up beating Ashley in the race by a full second. Ashley never bragged about her running again.
Ivan was playing outside. But he saw a small puppy by itself. He decided to carry it. But its owner saw him. He and Ivan decided to play with the puppy together.
Alicia wanted to go to a silent auction. So she took her sister with her. When she got there she bidded on a painting. She then thought she would have no chance getting it. But thankfully no one bid higher than she did.
The cop had to find a murderer. The murderer shot 3 random people in the street. The cop finally found the murderer. The cop shot on sight. The murderer was still alive so the cop brought him in the car.
Sam wanted to bake a cake for his friend's birthday. He checked his ingredients and saw he had no milk. Sam decided to just use water instead. When the cake was finished he presented it to his friend. She said it looked good and tasted okay.
The Reichardt's were staying in a wonderful hotel. Next to the hotel was a old and abandoned house. Their kids thought it was really scary. They thought it was haunted. They had a long talk with their kids to make them feel better.
The lead actress refused to show up. The director panicked. He caught sight of an assistant who looked just like the lead actress. The assistant played the role to perfection. The director was hailed as a genius.
Rose went outside to play one Saturday afternoon. She ran around to the garden in the back of the house. She found her mother's rose bushes. She tried to pick one, but the thorns were too sharp. She found her mother's gloves and picked one of the roses.
Diana was planning a surprise party for her sister. Her job was to take her out shopping and then bring her to the party. As they were making her way home, a fight accidentally began. Diana tried to get her sister to come inside anyways, but she was mad. Her sister left, and the party was ruined.
A woman named Jane was dating a man named Joe. One day, Joe asked Jane to marry him. She was so overwhelmed. Eventually though, she said yes. They then lived happily ever after.
Sam was nervous for his math test. He studied hard the previous day. He was sure to get plenty of sleep. He ate breakfast the following morning. The test turned out to be a breeze.
I was moving my girlfriend's stuff to a new apartment. I grabbed a cardboard box by the handles and took it from the car. Upon lifting the box, the bottom fell open. My girlfriend's stuff spilled out onto the road. She had put together the boxes herself, but had done so improperly.
Rainey loved to go to preschool every day. She was one of the most popular little girls in the class. Any new child who did not know her was convinced to be her friend. She prided herself on being friends with everyone and loved them all. She enjoyed being the center of everyone's attention.
Jerry was always scared at night. And he had trouble sleeping. One night, he heard his garage can get knocked over. And he looked out his window to see what is was. He was scared all night because he never saw the raccoon that did it.
Tom was walking to his room at night. He noticed a scary shadow in the hallway. It startled him for a second. He looked closer and saw a pile of clothes. Tom felt silly for freaking out.
The carpenter was very skilled at what he did. He worked day and night to make quality custom furniture. One night he was very sleepy but insisted on finishing a piece. He accidentally hammered his finger and had to go to the hospital. Luckily nothing was broken and he was back to carpentry in no time.
Beck had a barn in the country. He had all sorts of animals. However, he didn't keep any usual animals. He instead kept all sorts of exotic animals in the barn. Beck's barn was jammed full of giraffes and zebras.
Larry always wanted better versions of existing products he had. He bought new versions of phones or computers whenever released. But he was never happy because there would never be a definite version He tried to save money by using his existing products. But he always felt the need to have something better.
I met up with some of my friends at the beach. We played a few matches of volleyball. The game was intense, and my team ended up winning. Before we left, we ordered pizza at a nearby restaurant. We left and agreed to meet up again soon.
Pam knew her daughter's birthday was coming up. She wanted to choose the perfect gift for the little girl. She went to the toy store and bought a new doll for her. Pam's daughter was very happy, however the doll broke. Pam had to go the next day and buy another gift.
Jim buys a new PS4. His girlfriend complains that he spends too much time with it. But he pays no attention because she complains about everything. In a fit of jealous rage she smashes the PS4 to bits with a hammer. Jim breaks up with her immediately
Rita makes the best pasta in the world. She makes it every year for the family reunion. This year Lucy wanted to make the main dish as well. They compromise, Rita made her pasta and Lucy made some sides. It was the most food they've ever had at the reunion.
Tim had a bag of chips. He kept it to himself. Lee wanted some. Tim thought about it. Tim decided to share so that everyone was happy.
Kate wanted to go for a walk. But it was 95 degrees outside. She decided she needed the exercise. She began to walk to the park near her home. After 10 minutes she was drenched in sweat.
Silvia always wanted to own her own bakery. She worked very hard and bought all the needed appliances. She got all the permits she needed and finally opened her store. She had a rough start and not many people liked her baking. Silvia switched to making sandwiches and her popularity quickly rose.
Mary ate way too much candy. Now Mary has a stomach ache. Mary decided to lay down. Laying down really helped her stomach not hurt. Mary will never eat that much candy again!
We ordered some food. It was kind of gross. It was not what I expected. I had to throw it away. I never got it again.
I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals. My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin. It quickly became my absolute favorite. I decided to try to attend one of her concerts. I discovered that she has been dead for half a century.
Erica thought the movie her boyfriend chose was boring. After the movie, she wanted him to take her shopping. He thought they should go home and get comfortable after a movie. She asked him did he see her in a good mood after that film? He said he'll pay for mistakes but seeing an action film isn't one.
Paul was carrying his dishes to the sink. He tripped up the steps. Paul dropped his plate. The plate broke. Paul had a huge mess to clean up.
Max was hanging out with friends. They dared him to prank call his aunt. He agreed. He called his aunt from a hidden number. Then, he made a joke and hung up.
Pim wanted to go horseback riding. He had never even petted a horse before. Pim's friends told him it was not a fun thing to do. Pim defied their nay-saying and booked a lesson anyway. Pim had a great time and mentally devalued his friends' advice.
I always wanted to take an art class. So when I turned 40 I enrolled into art classes. I was so nervous and didn't really talk to anyone unless necessary. Our first project was a group activity that forced everyone to talk. I ended up making a lot of new friends and I loved those art classes.
Mike's parents got a divorce, and his mom decided she was moving. Mike's dad went to court to try to get custody. During the trial, the judge asked Mike who he wanted to stay with. Mike cried and said he wanted to be with his dad. The court ruled in his mom's favor, and Mike moved away.
Yesterday I went out to eat. I ate a lot. Too much to the point where I was full. I then fell sick. It was just too much.
Biscuit was a small dog at the shelter. Everyday Biscuit hopped at the glass hoping to be chosen. A little girl walked through the shelter. The little girl pointed at Biscuit! The little girl took Biscuit with her home!
Tom used his computer everyday. Tom had a temper. In frustration, Tom threw his computer mouse one day. Tom had to go to the store. Tom bought a new computer mouse.
A woman was lost in Central Park. Jessie wanted to help her. But she couldn't figure out where the lady was trying to go! Turns out, the lady didn't speak English. Jessie directed her toward the information booth for better help.
Beatrice heard whimpering outside her front door. She opened the door to see what was outside. A little white dog sat on her doorstep. Beatrice found the dog's owner's phone number on its tags. She called the owner and told him she found the dog.
Antonio was happy. His new pizza place was doing great business. His pizza place had an edge on all the others. He only used the freshest and best ingredients. His pizza place would be there for a long time.
I used to play video games everyday. My parents did not like how much I played games. They decided to try to get me to stop playing. They replaced my games with educational videos. Now I do not play video games anymore.
I wanted to save a little money at the store. I knew the kids wanted doritos. I saw a bag of doritos styled generic chips. They were only a dollar, so I bought them. The kids took one bite and I could tell they were disgusting.
Sasha's mother told her to put on sunscreen before going to the beach. Sasha did not wear any sunscreen, convinced that she would be okay. She spent hours swimming at the beach. At the end of the day, Sasha's face and shoulders were very red. She regretted not listening to her mother!
Zoey was playing video games on her computer all night. But her back began to hurt. She ignored the pain and continued playing. But it got so bad she had to lie down. When she tried to sit down the next day, her back was in severe pain.
There was a man who was kind to everyone. He always shared his food. One day an evil woman stole his food. He told her he forgave her. She was so shocked that she returned all of his food.
Keith wanted to get his family outside. They were too busy on their cellphones and computers. Keith told them they would go camping that weekend. Keith boarded the kids up and headed into the woods. Keith and his family shared a weekend to remember in the woods.
Ted played basketball for his high school team. He stayed after practice to work on his game every day. He put in a lot of hard work. He worked especially hard on his three point shot. During the next game, he led all teams in scoring.
Mike wanted to propose to Krissy. He decided to take her out to a romantic dinner. He ordered fancy champagne and a steak dinner. At the end of the night he took out the ring and proposed. Krissy said yes and now they are planning their wedding.
John planted some pecans spaced every three feet. They germinated and grew to about five feet tall. He grafted a paper shell tree into the new saplings. He tried to dig to the bottom of the tap root to transplant one. He had to cut the root at a depth of ten feet.
Allie wanted to get some candy. But she was not sure if it would be too sweet. So she took a bite. It was far too sweet. She could no longer eat it anymore.
When my son asked for a dog I said no. So, I was surprised when grandma bought him one. He was very cute and happy. My son was so happy. I allowed him to keep the New dog.
Mike was raised in Italy. It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza. He moved to America as a young man. He quickly opened up a pizza shop and became a local favorite. Mike has been making the most delicious pizza's in America since!
Signing up for college is very challenging. There is a lot of paperwork you need to fill out and send in. You have to write the best essay of your life for strangers to judge. Then you wait, sometimes for weeks, to hear back from anyone. The day you get into college is one of the best days of your life.
Tom was in the UFC. He had a big fight coming up. Tom got a cold the night before the fight. Tom decided to go through with it anyway. He lost easily.
Anne and Sam were best friends. One day, Anne's family moved to a different town. Anne and Sam were sad to be separated. However, the girls realized they could still email and text every day. The girls remained best friends even with the distance.
Jen was so excited about her new phone. She could not wait for it to arrive. When she got home it was sitting on her porch. As she ripped into the package she kept see small pieces of glass. The phone was shattered and Jen had to send it back.
Noah couldn't stand going to school. Every time he went, a boy named Darren would make fun of him. One day, when Noah was getting bullied, a girl named Kim saw it. She ran and told the teacher on recess duty. Darren went the principal's office, and Noah didn't worry anymore.
Gina left the bathroom to go to her classroom. Her friend Tami was coming down the hallway. Tami was worried about Gina, and wanted to make sure she was okay. Gina smiled and let her know she was fine. Gina was happy to see her friend cared enough to check on her.
Kay was inspired by HGTV to paint her bedroom. She decided on orange and red boxes. She put up blue painters tape to block off the design. She painted the wall red and orange and removed the tape. The wall was a mess, and the project was a major fail.
Mischievous Max had a plan for the frog he had captured. He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor's mailbox. He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction. When she opened her mailbox, the frog jumped out! Her shrill scream made Max regret what he had done.
Aaron was running late for a date. So he was driving 60 in a 30. Instantly he was pulled over by a cop. Aaron always knew flirting with cops could get out of tickets. He now has a date with the backseat of a cop car.
Ara was given a solo in the school concert. She was so nervous! She practiced all week. But at the show, her nerves left her. Ara gave a beautiful, confident performance!
Peter was an alcoholic and was struggling with it. It got so bad, he started having pains. He went to the doctor, and learned his liver was bad. This diagnosis definitely made him hit rock bottom. He went home and poured out all his liquor supply and quit drinking.
Shay was a very lazy person. She hired a maid to clean up after her. Shay laid in bed as the maid cleaned around her. She liked having a clean house but was too lazy to do it herself. Shay's friends scolded her when they learned what she was doing.
Kelly decided to have a fun soccer match with her best friends. The girls got together at the house to play. It was a close match. Kelly won goals, then lost some. Finally Kelly won.
Bob and Lisa went to the football game at the university. As they sat in the stands, they noticed a large cloud in the sky. The cloud grew as it came closer to the stadium. All of the sudden, it began pouring down rain! Bob and Lisa were soaked by the unexpected shower.
Laney hated her job. Her boss was rude and mistreated her. The work was hard and the pay was low. Finally, one day she just quit. She was glad she stood up for herself.
I went hiking with my dad about four years ago. At the end of the trail I noticed that it connected to another trail. We decided to take that separate trail back. We didn't realize until it was too late how far it was. We ended up adding an extra ten miles to our hike back.
George hated that moustaches had gone out of style. He felt that they really complemented a face. But his reasons for having a moustache were secretly different. First, it was easier than shaving and he was lazy. Second, it hid his irregularly large upper lip.
Mrs Pam was my idol. She was also my kindergarten teacher. I hated having my pants touch my belly button. One day I noticed Mrs Pam let her pants touch her belly button. From then on I worked on keeping my pants that high.
Travis is riding his motorbike. He enters into a race. He gives it his all. He races trying to win. Travis lost the race and his bike.
The boxers were in the ring. The bell dinged and they walked out towards each other. They began trading blows. The boxers went back and forth until one of them left his guard down. The other boxer took advantage and with a swift cross knocked him out.
I was cooking chicken on the stove. I forgot to turn the gas off. It ignited and set my house on fire. I had to quickly evacuate. My dog died in the fire.
When Sam was in middle school, he wanted to be an actor. He got an opportunity to audition for a special school for the arts. He practiced his audition for weeks. After the audition, he thought he did well. He received a letter in the mail notifying him that he didn't get in.
She found the handle after a short search. Pulling the door open, she found the darkness wasn't dispelled. She walked away from the house, her palms outstretched. Bumping into the car, she opened it and found the keys. Driving away, she hoped the bodies wouldn't be found until morning.
I approached the bridge in the rainy, rounding a curve. My car suddenly hydroplaned and headed toward the guard rail! I bounced off one side, then skidded across to the other. My car bounced off both sides several times like a pinball! I really came to appreciate that day how well that bridge was built!
Jon was a pickpocket. He would steal wallets from people at the train station. One day, a man caught Jon in the act. Jon tried to run away but the man tackled him. Jon was sent to prison for theft.
Tom needed to earn money. So he decided to write novels and sell them online. He searched for novels and copied them word for word. And many people bought his novels. But his account was banned before he could withdraw his earnings.
Joe is walking down the street. A rude man bumps into him. The man starts to yell at Joe. Joe can't take the man yelling at him. Joe ends up beating the Rude man up.
Tom loves video games. He plays online games to make friends. He sees these friends at conventions. They meet up and have a great time. Video games brought a lot of joy into Tom's life.
Ricky is swimming in the lake. Ricky gets a real bad cramp. He begins drowning. One of his friends helps him out of the water. Ricky nearly drowned.
Elaine loved to entertain. She decided to have a small get together at her house. She called several of her friends to invite them to the gathering. She then called the caterer to prepare an array of foods. As the guest arrived, Elaine told them to prepare for a night of fun.
Kate was talking to her friend Sue. Sue's grandma had a cabin on a lake. Sue regaled her with all the stories of being at the lake. Kate felt incredibly left out and really wished she was there. That night Kate dreamt of being on a lake.
Mitch was trying to earn a few extra dollars over the summer. He offered to mow his neighbor's' yards. Four of his neighbors took him up on the offer. Mitch mowed their yards once a week. By the end of the summer, Mitch had saved up a couple hundred dollars.
We had gotten a dog from the pound but we had never heard her bark. We were sitting outside in the yard with our dog one afternoon. A girl riding by on a bike suddenly swerved toward us. The dog leaped up and and barked twice because it was afraid. We were happy to finally hear our little dog bark!
Tom was out all weekend partying. He figured he didn't have much to do in class on Monday. He was hungover for his first class. It was math and his professor did a pop quiz. Tom did terrible on it.
John was walking in the woods. He left the trail. He soon realized he was lost. He kept walking and found the trail again. John decided to never leave the trail again.
Cleo refused to brush his teeth at night. His mother warmed him that he would eventually have cavities. He continued to ignore the warnings. His mother then took him to the dentist. Cleo ended up needing six cavities filled at the dentist office.
Georgia finally accepted the fact that her marriage would not improve. She told David she wanted a divorce. David was somewhat sad, but he also was relieved. David had been tired of the marriage for a long time. Now, they both are free to move on with their lives.
Tom was friends with Jim. They were both mean! They made jokes about others! One day their mothers caught them! They were never mean to others again!
Joe was feeling tired and sad. So he decided to drink some coffee. He felt a lot more energetic. And he was able to get lots of work done. But hours later, he was even more tired and sad.
Sam loved to craft medieval weaponry in his dad's furnace. He wanted to make weapons for a living. However, there was no demand for his weapons. He was forced to go back to school to become a doctor. Now Sam makes a good living but is sad that he gave up his dream.
Jim loved to eat fast food. He ate so much he started to gain weight. He decided to end his addiction. He picked up an exercise routine. He was glad to end his addiction.
Alexa belonged to a crafting facebook group. She was the only Asian person in the entire group. The group always posted things to talk about but they ignored her. She always wanted to know why and finally asked them. They finally told her they ignored her because she was Asian.
Tim's girlfriend found a stray kitty. Tim told her they couldn't keep it. It stayed around while they found it a home. Someone quickly wanted it. Tim was heartbroken when they finally got rid of it.
Jim was swimming in the ocean. He was very thirsty. His mother told him never to drink ocean water. Jim was so thirsty he didn't care. It was so bad that he never drank ocean water again.
Molly was excited to go bug catching. She chased butterflies with her net. Finally, she caught one. Then, she put the butterfly in the bug case she had. She took it to show her parents.
Lina loved to be around people. She felt so lonely and helpless by herself. She was invited to a party but her parents told her no. She was terribly desperate to go and join her friends. She decided to do it and was aptly punished by her parents.
I was peeling potatoes in my kitchen sink. The water started to back up. I turned on the disposal. Nothing happened. For dinner, half out potatoes had the skins.
America's intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan only made things worse. Around a decade later, the Arab Spring happened. Protests in Syria erupted into a full-blown war. As nations worldwide begin to intervene, America has a choice. Do they repeat the past, or try to keep out of it?
I started playing chess in 1992. A graduate student encouraged me to play. We used to play a long game on Friday nights. Although the student left, I continue to play chess every day. I am forever indebted to the student who encouraged me to play chess.
When FBI agents come looking for Bill he thinks he's in trouble. He panics and starts hiding from them. But eventually they catch up with him at work. All they want is a job reference for an old Navy buddy of Jack's. Jack is relieved.
Joe lost to his friend at ping pong. Joe was devastated that he lost. So he practiced at ping pong and got better. Him and his friend played a month later. Joe defeated his friend and was glad to win.
Francisco has never liked eating seafood. He loves meat, pasta, and beans, but he hates seafood. One day, he decides he needs to try to eat seafood. He orders a crab at a restaurant and it is delicious. Francisco is happy that he is starting to like seafood more.
Wendy and Matt decided to make ice cream. They looked up recipes and decided on one for mint ice cream. They went to the grocery store to buy ingredients. They mixed everything together and churned the ice cream. When it was finished, they enjoyed bowls of the delicious treat.
My niece's daughter Chris went swimming last week. She and her friends decided to climb over a fence. They were trying to use a pool illegally. Chris fell while climbing and broke her foot. She had to get an operation.
Sandra made cookies everyday. It was yesterday she made her worst batch ever. They were tough and hard. Her friend broke a tooth on one of them. Sandra bakes cakes now.
Jared was making a phone call to his mother. His mother didn't answer her phone. Jared called his father's phone. Jared left a message with his father. His father told his mother to call Jared back.
I was playing football with my friend at the park. He threw the ball to me and I caught it. When I returned the ball, it flew away from him. It ended up hitting a lady. She immediately fell down.
Jody enjoyed working in her parents garden. One day she got an idea to create her own garden. She would grow fruits and vegetables to sale. Jody would attend farmer markets all over the area selling her food. Eventually Jody opened her own all natural garden market.
Dan went trick or treating with his children. It started to rainy! Dan and his kids hid under a front porch awning. Luckily, the rainy soon stopped! Dan and his kids trick or treated for another hour.
An art student bought 10,000 rubber bands to make a sculpture. He wrapped them around a large doll to make a human figure. The art piece was displayed in a gallery at a fancy show. Many people offered a lot of money for the work. The artist refused and kept the piece for himself.
My friend, Mary, loved the rain. She would sing songs and write stories about it. I asked her why she loved the rain oh so much. She looked at me and smiled, as though she were looking inside of me. She told me that she loved it so much because we met on a rainy day.
I love vegetable cooking oil so much. When I make fries, they get smothered in it. However, the oil I used was bad for my health. I was sad that I might have to give up fried foods. However, a friend told me to just use olive oil instead.
Debi wanted to start learning a sport. She wasn't too fond of a running sport though. Her friend and her tried a tennis course at their local gym. They both fell in love with the sport. A year later now they both have gotten very good at tennis.
I let the dog out when I woke up. She came back in and sat in the doorway. I tried to close the door but she ran back out. I waited and tried again. We fought like that for over an hour.
John was out hiking with friends. He tripped and hurt his leg. John was unable to walk. His friends had to help him limp back. John eventually was taken to a hospital.
When I was 9, I was already developed. One day, my abdomen started throbbing tremendously. I was in intense pain and started bleeding profusely. I thought I was dying, and I told my mom to call 911. She sat me down and told me calmly that I had started my period.
Chris went to a concert last night with his girlfriend. The music was loud, so he spent the whole night yelling. When he woke up the next morning, he was very hoarse. His voice is squeaky and he sounds like a toy. Now Chris doesn't want to go anywhere today.
Every summer the Smiths take a trip up to the cape cod beaches. They rent a house and stay for the summer. This time they headed to the ocean the second they arrived. The simply loved the refreshing water and the view. They couldn't wait to go back next year.
Ashley got engaged this year! She is so excited to start planning her wedding. She tells everyone she see how excited she is. Ashley starts to research wedding planning ideas. She is suddenly shocked by how much everything costs!
Gus walked down to his mailbox to check for a check. The check, which had been due on the first, still hadn't arrived. Gus was pretty salty about it. He wasn't very surprised, though. The department's treasurer was both lazy and incompetent.
As a prank, Toni put nair in her sisters conditioner. When her sister used it, her hair fell out. Toni laughed. Unfortunately Toni ended up grounded. She learned her lesson.
A movie came out that seemed interesting. I did not have enough money to see it. I decided to find the movie online to download. I found the movie and downloaded it. I sat and watched the movie on my computer.
Jim complained that he never gets enough privacy. And he yelled at his sister for constantly coming in his room. Jim slammed his door. But the doorknob broke. Jim regret getting angry.
Jane was out on a date. While at dinner her pantyhose got stuck on her chair. When she got up they tore loudly. Jane was embarrassed by the situation. Her date assured her it was no big deal.
Shannon used to be interested in Jay Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay. Jay was upset but kept trying. After a while, he figured it was pointless. He has to try to get over it.
Lee was waiting for Wendy to arrive. She was supposed to be there at seven-thirty. When she still hadn't arrived, Lee texted her. He got no response. He later found out she'd gotten in a car crash trying to respond.
It had been several months since my old dog had died. I had thought quite a bit about getting a new one recently. My friend told me to go check out the dog pound first. So, I headed down there and found many dogs. One was to be put down that evening, so I adopted him.
In 2000 we attended a jazz concert. The featured singer had gone to daycare with our daughter. She sang Cole Porter and Richard Rodgers' songs. Our 8 year old son actually fell asleep listening. We joke about that on occasion.
Dell was a musician from Seattle. He had traveled the world playing his music. He liked his music, but longed for companionship. He searched dating websites for potential girlfriends. He is now dating Sally who he is madly in love with.
Two coworkers and I used to go for coffee in the morning. One coworker is a woman, and the other a man. The man was very friendly to one of the coffee servers. One day we stood behind him and egged him on to ask her out. He was too shy, and never asked her out.
Molly entered the store looking for the perfect dress. She searched rack after rack but found nothing. A sign in the back caught her eye and she went toward it. Searching through these dresses, one stood out to her. A blue dress fit her just right and Molly got the dress she needed.
John was very thirsty. He asked his friend to buy him drinks. He paid his friend five dollars to go to the store. His friend got the drinks for John. John quenched his thirst.
A man's cat went missing. He put flyers up around the neighborhood. The flyers had the cat's picture, and offered a modest reward. Unfortunately for him, all black cats look more or less the same. Dozens of cats were brought to his door, but none were his.
The kids liked to play games in the gameroom. Ping Pong was their favorite. They would play for hours! They developed an elaborate tournament system. They were going to play all night!
Last night I had dinner with my parents. When I got there I was surprised to see my grandparents. I didn't know they were going to be there. I had a great time catching up with them. I always have a fun time seeing my grandparents.
The man took the exit. He realized that he had taken the wrong one. He got back on the freeway. He realized he was going the wrong way. He turned around to find his exit.
Valerie's friend arranged a blind date for her. Valerie selected a restaurant and the date selected a movie. They met and Valerie was attracted to him. Valerie had a great time on the date. Her date did not feel likewise and never returned her calls afterward.
Lucy rented The Predator from Blockbuster. Her grandma asked her what it was about. Lucy pretended not to know. She knew her grandma wouldn't approve of the violence. Her grandma gave her a squinting look, but allowed her to rent it.
Mike's new neighbor was having a garage sale. Mike found a lot of good things there at a very good price. Before Mike purchased anything, the police showed up. The police arrested Mike's neighbor. Mike's neighbor was trying to sell stolen goods.
Tim loved listening to rap. Unfortunately his parents hated it. He would try to sneak cds. His parents always found them. They would destroy his music whenever they could.
Gina woke up at 10 am and looked outside. She went back to sleep when she saw the sky was gray. 2 hours later she woke up. She walked passed the windows in the living room. She froze in her tracks when she realized everything was white.
There was a fire drill at Bill's job one morning. Everyone grumbled as the walked out in the cold. Bill ran to the closet to get his coat before he left. Outside everyone was cold but Bill. Bill began to feel bad so he offered his coat to anyone.
Alex woke up when the sun fell on her face. She debated staying in bed or getting up early. She decided to stay in bed. Her alarm rang twenty minutes later. She then got out of bed.
It was Anne's fifth birthday. Her mother took her to the store to let her pick out a special gift. She saw a beautiful balloon that she decided to buy. She handed the cashier her birthday money. She left the store with a beautiful balloon and a great big smile.
Danny went to the dentist today. He found out he had five cavities. The dentist asked him if he flosses every day and Danny said no. His dentist bill was over three hundred dollars. Danny vowed to start flossing everyday.
Allie loved to stream music. She got a good deal. She only had to pay ten dollars a month. Allie was pretty happy about that. She used it every day.
Tim went sledding with friends one day. He took his favorite sled. He started down the hill fast. He couldn't move out of the way when headed for a boulder. Tim crashed and destroyed his sled.
Bethany had a boyfriend. Bethany loved her boyfriend. One day she found her boyfriend cheating. Bethany was outraged. Bethany broke up with him.
Timmy visited a lake. Timmy started swimming. He saw movement in the water. He was scared for a few moments. He was relieved to see it was just a fish.
Ophelia passes a wall with graffiti on her ride to work every day. Today her train makes an unexpected stop for a sick passenger. Ophelia has the chance to observe the graffiti in detail for once. She finds that she loves the way it looks. Now she appreciates the graffiti every time her train passes it.
Phil had been recovering in a wheelchair for 3 months. Today he was going to try and walk with a walker. He nervously got up from his wheelchair. His first steps were very wobbly. He ended up walking around the whole therapy room!
Terry arrived to Korea. He took a walk to the nearest restaurant. Although many people knew English, they spoke Korean. He felt isolated and lonely. Although he's supposed to be there for 5 days, he left in one day.
Vaughn didn't have a lot of friends. He always spoke his mind and was very rude. To help him have friends, his mom gave him some tips. But Vaughn didn't listen and continued to be rude. He plays alone very often now and still doesn't have friends.
Tim had been a race fan for a long time. He had gotten the opportunity to go to a race for the first time. Tim and a friend camp at the race track the night before. They got very drunk. The day of the race Tim felt sick and missed his opportunity.
Danielle was attending a haunted house event at her town. She excitedly entered the haunted house. The exhibits in the house were scarier than Danielle had expected. She fearfully ran out of the house. Danielle never went into another haunted house again.
Mary decided to go for a walk. While walking, she tripped and fell. She broke her leg. A passing driver stopped to help Mary. The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment.
Bob failed to meet his quota again. So they tied him to the whipping post. They lashed him once for every unit he missed. Fifty-four times, the whip struck his back. Bob bled and cried.
Judith had worked in the legal field for decades. She was finally named a judge for her circuit. She was proud but nervous. She wanted to do a good job! Her first case was a difficult learning experience.
He decided to see how long his toe nail would grow. He didn't usually wear shoes so they wouldn't break it. He let it grow for months. It became very long. It finally snapped off by accident.
When I was a kid there was a lake near my house. Every afternoon I would go outside and throw rocks into the lake. Sometimes there would be ducks in the lake. My parents would always tell me to be careful and not hit the ducks. I really miss living by that lake and seeing those ducks!
I bought a house recently. Everything seemed perfect at first. The stove caught on fire. All of my things went up in flames. I will be moving again.
Kyo was learning how to lucid dream. He took a few classes. Then he went home to practice what he had learned. But Kyo had no dreams at all! He was very disappointed.
Alex and Dave did not pay their rent. Their landlord became annoyed. He kicked them out right when a blizzard was coming. Alex and Dave wandered the streets freezing. They finally were relieved to find a hotel to stay in for the night.
Jax is a small black and white terrier. He was found wandering alone in the street. A huge tornado had blown through and destroyed some neighborhoods. Jax was taken to a shelter, but nobody came to claim him. Finally, a couple adopted him and took him home.
I went to get a book at the library but the library was flooded. I asked the librarian what I could do to help. She told me I could help raise money for a new library. I held bake sales and other fundraisers until we had enough money. Now we have a beautiful new library.
Yuan strolled merrily along a private bike trail he enjoyed. He almost ran smack dab into a tree across it. Yuan was surprised at the obstruction. He then recalled there'd been a tornado the previous night. Yuan reckoned high winds brought it down and hopped over it.
Ashley was the younger sister of her brother Ken. Ken is a professional baseball player. Ashley got a lot of attention because of her brother. She did not like the attention. Ashley hated her brother because of it.
Gina needed to turn on the water hose. But there was no handle on the spigot. According to her father it was in a drawer in the kitchen. Gina looked and didn't see it. She tried and failed to use a pair of pliers instead.
I went for a bike ride. The chain slipped and wouldn't go easily back into place. I walked the bike home. I fixed the chain using simple tools in the garage. When I went for my next ride, I attached a pouch of tools to the seat.
Professor Smith rambled on his lecture. The students did not appear interested. Jeff looked around the classroom out of boredom. A young girl caught his eye. She was diligently taking notes and appeared captured by the lesson.
Jenna got a dog. She loved the dog very much. She didn't love that the dog peed on the floor. Jenna looked up videos on how to potty train a dog. Now her dog goes potty outside like a good dog.
Antonio liked working in his father's pizzeria. He sang for the patrons and took them to their seat. When his father was sick one day, he took over. He cooked all the pizzas and hoped for the best. He was very happy when all the patrons congratulated him.
I spent the past two days cramming information for my report. I took today off for some rest since I was battling a fever. I walked into class the next day and handed my report. The teacher told me that it's due next week. I became furious and sat down violently.
Lou had a coupon to a sandwich place. He liked it but didn't go often because it was a bit expensive. He ordered his favorite sandwich. When he handed the coupon to the clerk she said it was expired. He was too embarrassed not to go ahead and pay full price.
Reynaldo wanted to be a poet. His teacher told him that it was a bad idea. His family also told him that it was a bad career choice. Reynaldo persisted anyway. He wrote a great poem that was published in a book.
Tom hadn't slept in a couple of days. He was too busy to be able to do so. After a while he started hearing and seeing things. His speech patterns didn't make much sense. Tom wound up passing out and sleeping for a long time.
The couple had been fighting. They disagreed about what new car they should purchase. Neither one would budge. After a lot of discussion, the wife got her way. She went to the dealership to buy a new SUV!
The ball was going up and up. Barry was playing in the outfield. He positioned himself underneath the ball. He yelled that he had it. He caught the ball and got the out.
The 8th grade class wanted to let the church know about a fundraiser. The students did not want to talk in front of a lot of people. It was decided that one of the parents needed to speak. They asked me to speak and I don't like to speak in groups. I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly.
Miles had just heated up a mug of hot cocoa. He knew it needed to cool but he was impatient. He took a quick sip, burning his mouth immediately. In pain he ran cold water over the burn. Still his mouth was burnt and nothing could stop it.
Paul spent little time on his computer because his Internet was slow. But Paul's parents got a new service provider. Instead of playing outside, Paul spent all of his time online. And he became unhealthy and moody. So Paul's parents switched back to their old service provider.
Adrienne found out she was pregnant at her pre-op appointment. They called her 3 hours after her appointment and told her the news. Adrienne was so excited. Exactly 10 weeks later, Adrienne miscarried a baby girl. She was very sad, but decided to try again to have another baby.
We facetime our granddaughter on Saturday or Sunday. She is only 18 months old. She lives 235 miles away from us. My wife misses her. Facetime lets us stay in some contact.
Mary listens to her music way too loud. It really bothers her roommates. Her roommates asked her the other day to turn her music down. Mary said that she would turn her music down. Even though she didn't want to, Mary turned her music down.
Michael wanted to have a daughter. His wife wanted a son. One day she found out she was pregnant. Three months later she found out the sex of the baby. Michael was having a daughter.
William sometimes drank underage. He got caught one time by the police. The police made him go to Alcoholics Anonymous. William learned how bad drinking was for him. William is now 2 years sober.
I was eating out with my family. I decided to get the BBQ. When it arrive, the BBQ was dripping in sauce. I could only take a few bites without using napkins. I ended up using at least fifty napkins.
Larry's girlfriend loved flowers. She would always try to pick them wherever she went. As they were driving to get food she saw some on the side of the road. Against his wishes she pulled over. She got out and got as many as she could carry.
Keli's mom got a new boyfriend, Dan, three years after her divorce. Keli loved her dad even though he had moved across the country. She was determined not to let Dan take her dad's place. But gradually, Dan became a friend to Keli: kind, but not pushy. Soon, Keli decided Dan was a pretty good guy, after all!
Ben was driving in the highway. He tried to come to a stop. His foot managed to get stuck on the petal. He ran into the car in front of him. Both vehicles landed in a lake.
Jacob was the best tennis player on his team. He never lost a single match. Today he was facing his rival school. Jacob was nervous because his knee hurt. Jacob ended up losing the game because of his injury.
Paul and Susan had just moved to a small Town. They liked the area where they lived because it was so quiet. They soon discovered that there was going to be a large festival. The main events were going to occur across the street from their home. The festival was noisy but Paul and Susan still had a good time.
Donna's son was having trouble in school. He would fail if his grades didn't go up. Donna got her son a tutor. His grades started getting better. He passed his class.
Shelley needed to update her phone card. So she was taken over to the drugstore to get one. Unfortunately they didn't have one. So then she had to go to the grocery store. Shelley was rather irritated.
Ben returned his books to the library. However, the clerk told him that he owes them $20 dollars. He argued that what books were turned in on time. She decided not to change her mind. As a result, Ben left regardless what she said.
Cate always wanted to learn how to ride a horse. Cate decided to ask for a horse for her birthday. Instead of a horse, her mother got her riding lessons as a gift. At first, Cate was disappointed about not getting a horse. But after some lessons she knew there was a lot to learn about horses.
Lizzie is a smoker. She smokes a pack of cigarettes a day. Lizzie has started to feel sick. The doctor told her smoking will give her health problems. She decided to never smoke again.
My friend Chris has a Facebook account. He likes to say things on Facebook to stir people up. One day his Facebook stalker got very stirred up by something he said. He confronted her about being so weird. They are now friends.
Despite 25 years of experience I was extremely nervous to perform. Singing is my profession and passion and yet I always feel this way. Thankfully nobody around me noticed the state I was in before I sang. My smile and demeanor projected a sense of calm to everyone but me. I stepped out to sing, focused on the moment and the fear disappeared.
Finn's mom and dad had been separated for a while. He always wished they would come back together. He invited them both to his baseball game. He saw that they met each other and began talking. It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again.
Harry's favorite author was releasing a new book. He drove to the bookstore and picked up a copy and went home. When Harry got home, he cuddled up and began to read the book. For hours, Harry read the book in disgust and boredom. He eventually gave up, very disappointed by the book and the author.
Sara worked at a fast food restaurant. She gave an order to a customer. The customer did not like the food. So he threw it to the ground. The customer was promptly ejected for this behavior.
Twas the night before the first day of school and Jaila was excited. She helped her mom pick out her clothes for the next day. After she ate dinner she packed her backpack with all her new supplies. When it was time for bed Jaila had trouble falling asleep. The next morning she woke up ate breakfast and ran to the bus stop.
Sally tried to call her boyfriend. He answered the call. Since another person was on the line, He had to end the call. The other person he answered on the line was his second girlfriend. They started to talk to each other.
Jeremy needed money for his drug addiction. He decided to break into a local grocery store after dark. At night, he snuck up to the building with a hammer. As soon as he hit the window with the hammer, an alarm went off. Jeremy ran home, fearing being arrested.
William wanted to squeeze fresh juice for his mother's breakfast. He squeezed oranges into a glass for her. She was excited when he served her breakfast. When she tasted the juice, she made a terrible face. The juice was so sour that it ruined her entire breakfast.
Joey was in a rush to leave the house for work. He rushed down the steps, and fell to the bottom. Joey's leg was broken in three places. He needed to call an ambulance. Joey is going to miss plenty of work while in the hospital.
Tiffany is trying to lose weight. She goes to the gym frequently. Tiffany decides to start dieting. She lowers her calorie levels drastically. She ends up getting to her goal weight very quickly.
Tom got laid off from his job. He had been saving aggressively up until that point. He was not sure why he was saving so much when he was doing it. He knew once he got let go from his job. He decided to move to the forest and build a cabin to live in.
Kieran was a heavy gambler. His favourite sport to gamble on was football. H first bet of the season was that Vikings would go to the superbowl. He was very upset when the Vikings QB got injured. He considered his bet essentially lost at that point.
The man dropped crumbs. Ants were attracted by the food. They became a problem in the room. The landlord asked for an inspection. The ant problem was discovered by the landlord.
Joe had thousands of blue ribbons. He was tired of winning first place. He wanted more colors on his trophy wall. So he intentionally threw the game. And he took his red ribbon home with a smile on his face.
My dogs love to go for walks in the park. It is sometimes hard to handle both of them alone. My son and I brought them to the local dog park yesterday. One of my dogs broke off the leash and ran away. We had to run for 2 blocks before we caught him!
Jimmy was having dinner when the lights went off. He scrambled to find the problem. He realized it was a faulty light bulb. He replaced the faulty light bulb with a new LED power saving one. He turned on the light and read a book before he went to bed.
Lisa loved sports. She cheered for her home team no matter what game they were playing. She would cheer until she lost her voice. Lisa loved when her team won. Then she would clap and scream and jump up and down.
Lucy and her grandpa were driving home. Lucy was telling him how scared she was being lost. She was afraid she may never find her way home. She was afraid she would be kidnapped. She was relieved it was over.
Ruth was painting her bedroom. When it was all done, she saw that she had extra paint. She decided to use it for a project. She painted an old dining table. It added more color and fun to her house.
Last Saturday, some people lit up fireworks at 2 AM. The noise woke me up. Our cat went under the bed. The fireworks lasted only a minute. The cat came back out a few minutes later.
Two women got jobs in the school cafeteria. They were in charge of getting lunches ready for each lunch period. They got very good at making mashed potatoes. One of them added extra butter to her batch. She became the favorite cook.
Max was being accused of assaulting someone at a party. He hadn't even gone to the party but no one listened. He slowly gathered photo evidence from that night. With it he was able to prove his innocence. Luckily, he was cleared of all charges and free to go.
Mia applied for a job at the bank. The bank gave a mandatory test. Mia failed the bank's test. Mia wasn't able to get the banking job. She started looking for work elsewhere.
Tony went to the park to see friends. They found an open field to play in. They all played soccer and Tony was the goalie. Tony made a big save to help his team win. All his friends cheered Tony for his great save.
Bobby loved to play baseball. Unfortunately he was not very good at bat. His coach suggested he get his eyes checked. He wasn't seeing the ball well because he needed glasses! He was a much better player once he got his glasses.
Matt went onstage to perform. He began to sing his song. Then he noticed that it was very quiet. Matt's mike was not working! None of the audience could hear his song.
The kids heard a familiar sound. It was the ice cream man! He drove around in his funny car and sold yummy treats. All the kids bought Popsicles. They loved buying treats from their favorite ice cream man!
I got a job as a fast food cashier. Unfortunately, I was too nervous around the customers. My boss told me I wouldn't make it as a cashier. I began to cry, thinking I would be fired. My boss ended up placing me at the burger station instead.
I was reading at night. Suddenly, the lamp light went out. I replaced the bulb. The lamp worked like new! Finally, I could resume reading my book.
I needed to mow the lawn. The battery needed charged. I waited while it charged. After a half hour, it was ready. Just then, it started to rain heavily.
I was in the park one day. I sat at a bench with a bag of stale bread. The birds gathered around my feat. I threw bread across the floor. They all scooped up the pieces, and ate them.
Jill moved into a neighborhood next to a hoarder. The neighbors told Jill to steer clear of the crazy old lady. One day, Jill got up the nerve to knock on her door. The old woman invited Jill in to her cluttered home. Before Jill left, she helped the woman clear a small space.
Leo showed me a trick at movie theaters last week. Never one to pay prices at the theaters for snacks, I was frustrated. He suggested I find a bag in a trashcan nearby. Sure enough, we found one unsoiled by trash after some looking. It smelled fresh, and I was glad someone had been so wasteful earlier!
A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs. She did so every week. Every week, she'd win some money. But it was rarely as much as she spent. Hope can be dangerously addictive.
Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom. When her date arrived she realized there was a problem. In her new shoes she was towering over him. She ran upstairs to grab different shoes. She didn't want to be taller than her date.
On my first day of school, I saw the prettiest girl ever. I was lovestruck the second I saw her. She was nice, smart, and beautiful. I somehow got the courage to talk to her and ask her out on a date. Luckily, she gave me and chance and said yes!
Last year this time, we went to NYC to visit our granddaughter. There was a lot of snow in our city that year. Traffic was so bad we missed our train and took a later one. Our city got another storm while we were in NYC. We got back on Sunday and had a hard time getting home.
Heidi was on the school's math team. They had a math tournament over the weekend. Heidi met with her team after school everyday. They studied hard for the tournament. Heidi and her team won first place at the tournament.
Charles was known as a returning student. That meant he had gone to college, dropped out and came back later. He was 36 years old and studying journalism. He applied for an internship and the Long Beach Business Journal. The editor hired him and then fired him over how he wrote e-mails.
Sara's family went to a lake cabin for a vacation. She hated the lack of internet and phone service. She hated all of the bugs and the hiking. She hated all of the fishing and sitting around eating. Sara whined throughout the trip and came across as very ungrateful.
Mario started a t shirt business. He made humorous t shirts that sold well. A competitor stole one of Mario's t shirt designs. Mario took his competitor to court, and won the lawsuit. With a settlement in his favor, he laughed all the way to the bank.
Fran wanted to learn how to sew. She bought a book and still had problems learning. She finally met a woman willing to teach her. After many months and a lot of practice Fran learned sewing. After 2 Year's Fran was able to see her own clothes.
Bill bought an old TV from the internet. He hooked up his computer to the TV. Bill played old TV shows to the TV. He felt as though it was a form of time travel. Bill wept because time travel amazed him so.
Rachel wanted to attend the movies with her friend Greg. He promised to go with her last weekend. Greg failed to show up at the movies. Worried that something bad had happened Rachel phoned him. Turns out Greg had driven to the wrong movie theater.
Jessica lived many years ago in a rural village. She decided to throw a party for the tribal elders. The party was great. Everyone in town thanked her. She gained many new friends because of this.
We lived by a pond. It was surrounded by woods. One day we saw a homeless man living in the woods. He did not bother us so we left him alone. Later the police came and moved him to a shelter.
I used to think my parents weren't very smart. The things they did didn't make sense to me. I now have a twelve-year-old daughter. I am beginning to see why my parents did those things. My parents were a lot smarter than I thought they were!
There was a large storm developing in New York last week. As a result the schools were closed. Because of the snow day, kids cheered. Many went out to play in the snow. It was a nice little vacation for the kids.
Joe ripped his backpack. He needed a new one. He went to Office Depot. They had only one in stock. Joe was able to nab it just in time.
The couple was taking an anniversary trip. They were going to Mexico! They couldn't wait to lay on the beach. They were going to relax in the sand and surf. They packed their bags and headed to the airport.
Lily came home from work. When she walked in the house she smelled something good. It was freshly baked cookies. Lily was so happy. She went in the kitchen and ate many of them.
Clint went for a walk in the woods. He heard a strange rustling in the brush. Clint paused on the trail. He looked toward the area the sound came from. Clint saw a deer run from the brush.
Gina had a crush on Jamie and Josh. But neither of them were aware of it. The only person she told was her friend Tami. Tami encouraged her to talk to Jamie. Gina wasn't sure if it was good advice, or sabotage.
Rick is outside the rec center one day. He see's an active game of basketball being played. Rick waits for the game to end. Rick asks if he can join in on the next game. Rick is allowed to play some basketball.
Hannah decided to paint her room a fancy design. She then attempted to do it. Hannah was making a mess and the design looked awful. She decided to hire a professional. Now her room looks much better than it did.
Alfred was stopped by a police officer. He was asked to take out his license. Alfred said that his wallet is in the trunk. Once he tried to walk to the trunk, he ran away. The police officer chased him.
A new movie theater was built in Waikiki. It was large and much nicer than the original theater. The seats were leather and they reclined. The popcorn butter was organic. The new movie theater is a beautiful addition to Waikiki.
Janie made spaghetti sauce for her family. It took a lot of work and she was proud of herself. When she tasted it, it was missing something. Janie realized she forgot the fresh garlic. She added it and it was perfect.
Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list. She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table. She went through a mental list of what she planned to do for the week. Then the thoughts flowed and she let her pen flow across the paper. The final list was made and she was ready to go shop.
Dan is reading a book. He sees a spider cross the floor. He takes the book and tries to smash it. He misses the spider and james his finger. Dan broke his finger instead of killing the spider.
Pam was on a cruise ship. She has always wanted to see dolphins. So she stood out on the deck and looked at the ocean. She over an hour and thought of leaving. But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean.
Heather feels unhappy with her appearance. She decides to make a change. After consulting some friends she decides to get a haircut. Heather finds a hairstylist and shows him the picture of the haircut. Heather is very happy and satisfied with her new haircut.
Vernon was a self-proclaimed audiophile. He touted his expensive headphones. His friends grew tired of it and devised a prank. They replaced his headphones with similar-looking knockoffs. Vernon, to his ultimate shame, did not notice the swap.
Gus was the team's best hockey player. Gus did not play well in the team's game. Gus gave up a game winning goal to the other team. The team was upset at Gus. Gus retired.
I was very busy yesterday. I was out all day. When I went to sleep I was pooped. When I woke up I realized something. I never did my homework.
My friend's dogs kept getting out of their yard and running away. They built a fence to keep them in, but they made a hole in the fence. They repaired the hole in the fence, but they dug underneath. Finally, they put fencing on the ground as well. The dogs are finally safe!
Ed woke up one morning covered in red itching sores. His mom rushed in when he yelled. She said Ed had caught chickenpox! She put him in an oatmeal bath and then rubbed him with lotion. Ed was still miserable, but the bath and cream made him feel better.
Karen ran a newspaper in town. She wanted the newspaper to grow. Karen hired someone to make a website for the newspaper. People enjoyed the content on the site. Karen was able to sell more ads for the site.
Mary was excited to get some holiday shopping done. She decided to head out early and beat the crowds. She pulled in her car and quickly hurried into the shop. She found a trinket for her mom and a plaque for her dad. She thanked the shopkeeper, and left feeling quite pleased.
Johann had always said he didn't want a cell phone. He didn't like the way his friends were obsessed with their phones. However, one day he broke down and bought one. He found that he loved having a cell phone. Now Johann is happy that he has a cell phone.
Kim was trying to decide between steak and chicken for dinner. She placed both on the counter to help her make this decision. Her dog Lolly ran into the room. He grabbed the steak and ran away. Kim no longer had to worry about what she would choose for dinner.
Sam lost his last dollar playing the slot machine. He slumped in his chair in defeat. He slumped so far he slid out of the chair. When he hit the ground he found a coin on the floor. Sam put the coin in the machine and played it.
The customer walked into the grand opening of a store. The new store had a huge variety of products. While browsing through the store the customer purchased many items. The customer fell in love with the new store. He decided to apply for a job there to be there more often.
It took me 4 years to get my degree in chemical engineering. I was able to land a well-paying job in the petroleum industry. This was before OPEC announced that they would not lower production. After their announcement, oil prices started to decline. My employer could no longer justify keeping me, so I lost my job.
Martha was making a stew. She chopped up all the vegetables. Then she added the meat. She cooked it all for five hours. It was ready to eat!
Rory has a test today. He was not prepared for this test at all. Desperate, Rory wrote the answers on the sole of his shoe in pencil. The teacher noticed the answers shining from the ceiling lights. Rory was caught and given detention.
Jared was going to visit his family. He needed to wake up early for his flight. That morning, he slept in a bit. He had to rush to the airport. He just barely made it in time for his flight.
Natalie plays the piano. She has taken lessons for eight years. Her practices last about an hour everyday. The practice is what makes her so good. She keeps at it until the pieces are perfect.
I went to my friend's rap concert the other day. He is a really good rapper. A lot of people were there to see him rap. I was really impressed by his skills. I can't wait to see his next rap show.
The man had a question. He looked for the answer online. He found a lot of different information. But not about his question. He gave up looking.
Ursula asked her guest what they would like to drink. They asked for hot chocolate, but the container of cocoa was empty. Then they requested soda, but she insisted her guest deserved better. They asked to check the fridge, but she insisted they stay seated. So finally she settled on tea for the both of them.
Faye needed to get the Christmas tree into the living room. She tried to shove it through the front door. Next, she attempted to pull it through the back door. She then took a large rope and tied it as tight as she could. Faye is now enjoying eggnog while decorating the tree.
Ellen had been set up on a blind date by her friends. She went to the bar at the appointed hour. But after twenty minutes, her date still had not arrived. Soon Ellen was forced to confront the truth. Her blind date had stood her up!
Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.
It was Kia's first hockey game. She was doing well, but not excellent. Then at the end of the game, something happened. Kia scored two goals in the row. The goals led Kia's team to win the game!
Nina lay down for an afternoon nap. She planned to wake up just before dinner, so she could start cooking. But when she woke, it was fully dark and very late! Nina had slept too late to cook dinner for her family. She had to take them out for fast food burgers instead!
Josh and Terry went to play basketball at a local court. There were a couple of guys already there. Josh and Terry challenged them to a game. The guys chuckled at Josh and Terry's chubby bodies, and agreed. They weren't laughing after John and Terry beat them.
For her birthday Mallory wanted to go to a waterpark. She told her family and friend this many weeks in advance. Unfortunately her family took her to the movie theatre instead. Mallory was very sad even though she got lots of presents. After that Mallory refused to celebrate her birthday with her family.
George slept through his alarm yesterday morning. This caused him to miss an important meeting. As a result, he was fired from his job. On his commute back home, George's car got a flat tire. Yesterday was a very terrible day for George.
Lacey just bought a new can of paint. She was getting ready to refinish an old piece of furniture. As she was painting, her dog knocked over the can. She could not get the paint off the floor. Now she has blue spots on her carpet.
Makenzie is my daughter's best friend. Tonight she came to our house with a chocolate cake. She had hosted a baby shower and had treats left over. What a sweet girl she is to think of sharing with us. My daughter is very lucky to have found such a nice friend.
My friend Tim was applying for a job last week. It was an internal posting in the same organization. He was excited, as his friend was in charge of the division. He had a good interview and was very hopeful. Yesterday he called and was sad as he did not get the job.
Elizabeth's mother was horrible at using computers. She always needed help doing really easy things. Elizabeth found a computer class at the community college. She enrolled her mother as a gift. They have a much better relationship now.
Susie wanted to relax. It was a long day at work. She popped in the Christmas album. She relaxed so much she fell asleep. It was the best sleep of her life.
Gareth loved animals. His favourite animal was the Rhino. He felt so sad that they were going extinct. Gareth decided to move to Africa to help Rhinos. He adopted a Rhino called Mahimba who became his best friend.
Tina had a hard test in school she needed to study for. She was too tired though and fell asleep. Tina woke up and was late for her test. Tina also realized she hadn't studied. It was a dream though, and Tina woke up to study.
Jane walked to school every day. One day while walking, Jane saw a small kitten all alone. The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it. Jane reached down the pick up the kitten. As Jane reached out, the kitten's mother leaped out and bit Jane!
Tim was putting away some paperwork in the attic. The beams on the attic floor were not very strong. Tim stepped on one of the weaker beams. The beam gave out and Tim's leg fell through the ceiling of his house. He had to call a repairman to fix the damage.
A street mugger leaned against a wall in a dark alley at night. He looked for potential targets as they walked by. Everyone looked either too poor or stronger than him. He had to compromise on a guy who seemed poor but not strong. The mugger took out his knife and began to follow him.
Mike was a general manager for a hotel. The property was not doing well financially. Mike needed answer to turn the situation around. Mike hired a consultant. After making adjustments, the hotel is doing better financially.
Jane wanted to surprise her boyfriend. She started baking cookies. Unfortunately she fell asleep by accident. She woke up too late. The cookies were burnt and her boyfriend dumped her.
Ben was in charge of deep frying the turkey this year. He had never done it before. Ben had to watch Youtube videos in order to learn what to do. He followed the videos exactly. The deep fried turkey was a hit at Thanksgiving dinner.
Driving by Julie spotted a yard sale. She was excited and quickly parked her car. Scanning the items she noticed a vase. It was just what she was looking for. Julie happily took it home and put flowers in it.
Some teenagers climbed into my fort late one night. They would go up there to hang out. One kid had too much beer, which I didn't know they drank. He leaned out a window and overbalanced. His fall cost him a broken arm.
I wanted a good tasting diet soda. All the ones I tried had a weird aftertaste. I picked up a cola that had cherry in it. It seemed interesting so I took it home. After trying it, I fell in love with it.
My wife decided to vacuum the apartment. The cat went into hiding. It took an hour. When she was done she showed me a canister full of cat fur. The cat looked the canister quizzically.
On the drive home, Sam saw a sign for a cafe. He entered the cafe for a quick coffee. When he asked for a coffee, the waitress filled up his cup. The cafe provided free refills, so he ended up staying for 5 cups. Sam was extremely alert for the rest of his drive home.
Alice is a waitress. She was late for work. Alice's boss is not very nice. He yelled at Alice and made her mad. Alice Quit her job.
My brother in law has a stepson that likes to set fires. They never discipline him. The kid does whatever he wants to anybody. Last month he firebombed the neighbor's car. Now he is going to a juvenile facility for 2 years.
Katie needed a new dress for prom. She was too scared to ask her mom. They did not have much money. She decided to get a job. Katie was happy when she bought her own dress.
Caleb had wanted to see a movie. The movie was rated R. He wasn't able to buy a ticket to the movie because of his age. Caleb bought a ticket to another movie. He sneaked into the rated R picture.
Tom heard a strange noise in the attic. He went upstairs to see what it was. He saw a glowing, transparent person. They made a spooky gesture towards him. He ran away to tell his wife he'd seen a ghost.
One Saturday, Sue went for a walk in the arroyo. She set out in mid morning and walked south. Sue became tired and rested on a slab of sandstone. Sitting there, Sue saw small cave. In the cave she found beautiful old clay pots covered with dust.
Tabitha was at her public library trying to find a book. She wasn't sure what book she should check out. A woman walked up to her. She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure. Tabitha decided to choose that book.
My microwave usually works well. I can put anything in it and it will turn out fine. However, for some reason it didn't work well at all on a Sunday night. I tried microwaving a popcorn bag and the microwave failed me. The popcorn was burnt.
I had an eye exam last week. I thought everything would go normally. Unfortunately it seems that I need glasses now. It's not that bad but still annoying. I bought a pair on the spot but still want contacts instead.
I went to gym class one day. A rope was hanging from the ceiling. Our teacher told us we will climb it. I stood in line waiting to climb. When it was my turn, I could not climb the rope.
John stopped for a hot dog on the way home from work. A small dog began following him from the hot dog stand. John split his hot dog with the puppy. He decided he liked the dog. John took the puppy home with him.
Jane bought a new necklace. She was excited to show her friends. Everyone she showed loved it. Jane had gotten many compliments before even wearing it. She received even more once she did.
Anna was a little tipsy one night. She slammed the mirror on her medicine cabinet too hard. It shattered, and Anna was horrified. A broken mirror meant 7 years of bad luck! Anna hoped the superstition would prove to be false!
Leroy had terrible trouble sleeping. He often kept the television on all night. His wife was annoyed with the television  being on. She began giving Leroy melatonin before bed. After melatonin Leroy slept like a baby.
Jimmy sat on his front porch. He heard a noise under the porch. He hopped down and looked under. There was a large possum. It hissed at him.
The bell rang signalling it was the end of the class. Amy was feeling comfortable about her first day in junior high. In the hall she saw her friend Beth. She ran over and hugged her. The girls caught each other up on their day before heading to class.
My dog loves to hike. She is very active and we take her to many different places. We went for a hike during a heavy snow and got turned around. We could not figure out which way the car was. The dog was able to navigate and get us back to the car safely.
Martha was eating dinner with her husband. Suddenly he announced that he had a surprise. Without telling her he had applied for a nice job. He announced that he had gotten it and she was thrilled. They spent all night talking about their new future plans.
Tom was very inflexible. He wanted to increase his flexibility. He began a consistent stretching and exercise program. He saw his flexibility increase. He was happy about increasing his flexibility.
Cayla recently got a betta fish. She put it in a small fish bowl. In the middle of the bowl she placed a small plant. The beta fish didn't like the plant and started biting at it. The bites were so strong that it knocked the small plant over!
Adam's mom and dad worked until 5 every afternoon. Adam had to come home from school and let himself in. But in two months he lost his key four times! Finally his parents grew fed up with Adam's carelessness. They arranged for a neighbor to hold the key instead!
Sheila got an invitation to her cousin Mara's wedding. Sheila already had a date planned the day of the wedding. She called her date to cancel and explained the issue. Her date Mark suggested he accompany her to the wedding. They had a great time dancing the night away at the reception.
John was opening a new business. He hung the sign out front. Soon, customers were streaming in. The sign had attracted a lot of business. John had a great opening day.
Sarah was playing tennis at a park. And after a few games, she became thirsty. She decided to drink water from a water fountain. But no matter how much she drank, she was still thirsty. Sarah thought the water tasted odd as well.
In college, I studied abroad in France. My 16-year-old host brother was very nice. I invited him to a party with me to meet some cool older kids. He misunderstood why I invited him. He tried to kiss me on the bus ride home.
Shannon hated having a dirty house. She bought a giant container of cleanser. She sprayed it all over her house. She wiped down each surface. It made her whole house smell and feel cleaner.
I was at home one day when I heard what sounded like a gunshot. Fearful for my life, I quickly crouched down on the ground. I then heard a car speed around the street corner near my house. When I thought all was safe, I got up and called the police. When the police come over, they told me my neighbor had been shot.
Bob went to work at his grocery store. He was doing his job as usual. Then, one of the bosses called him over. The boss asked him why he was here. Bob realized he wasn't suppose to work today.
Dan suddenly felt ill. Dan had a high fever and felt sore all over. Dan went to the doctor's office. There Dan learned he had the flu. Dan got an antiviral medication and now is on the mend.
Jill was afraid of heights. Her friend flew small airplanes. He invited her on a flight. She agreed to try and get over her fears. It didn't work and the flight had to be cut short.
Last week Luis won the lottery. He got a ticket worth thousands of dollars. It wasn't millions. He used the money to pay off debts and buy a new car. It was still enough to change his life.
Jim was dismayed when the padded arm of his chair came off. He tried to put it back in place, but it wouldn't stay. He pondered what he could do about it. Jim rifled through his utility box and found some super glue. He got the foam arm to stay put by liberally applying the glue to it.
Henry was playing baseball with Jeff. Henry challenged Jeff to a throwing contest. However, he broke a classroom's window when he threw the ball. The teacher got out of the classroom and scolded the two. They ended up receiving detention.
Tim was visiting friends. He parked in a bad neighborhood. When he went back to his car it was missing. Tom called the cops and filed a report. Unfortunately the car was never found.
Ken is watching tv. All of the sudden the TV turns off. Ken realizes he needs a new tv. Ken heads out to shop for a new tv. Ken goes into the store and buys a new tv.
I woke up one morning and realized my alarm hadn't gone off. My heart started to pound at the thought of being late for work. I jumped out of bed and quickly dressed myself. I weaved in and out of traffic to make up time on the commute. When I arrived at work my boss had not even shown up yet.
Sean was walking home from his girlfriend's house. He wasn't paying much attention and was listening to music. Suddenly, he stumbled upon a field full of coyotes. He didn't know what to do so he just carefully walked past. Luckily, the coyotes didn't bother him.
I was award a free trip to France. Since I was reviewing for finals all week, I gave it to my friend. He decided to go to the trip. Not only did he had a good time, but he got more out of it. He told me that a random person gave him several million dollars.
Everyone told Roger that nobody could run the mile under 4 minutes. In a track meet in 1954 he ran under a 4 minute mile. After Roger did it, people all over the world are doing it. Roger says its because its not impossible anymore. Just two years ago someone beat the 4 minute mile by 20 seconds.
Jane drove an old car. Her gas cap wasn't attached. She sometimes forgot about it after gassing up. One time she left it on the back bumper. Jane drove off and lost it to never be seen again.
Farmer Joe was not going to let his neighbor beat him this year. He was going to have the biggest pumpkin! He carefully put small slits into three of his little pumpkins vines. He fed each of them milk the entire growing season. His pumpkins easily won at the fair that year!
Angel needed a quick and cheap dinner for her family. She dug through her cupboards. She found a box of pasta noodles and a jar of sauce. She cooked up a big dish of paste for her hungry family. Everyone loved it and ate two dishes!
It was cold outside. And the heater in the house was not working. So tom tried to think of a way to get warm. He didn't have a fireplace and no blankets. He went over to his neighbor's house for the rest of the week!
I tried my first cigarette in sixth grade. I was at my friend's birthday party sleepover. Her parents smoked, so she found one of their cigarettes. We all sat in a circle and tried a few puffs. It was disgusting!
Tim was going to build a ladder to the moon. He got some metal and nails. He also grabbed a hammer. He worked for 3 hours. He finally gave up and watch the moon with a telescope.
Kate loaded all her kids into the car. She was going to take them fishing. They drove to the lake. They unloaded their chairs and tackle boxes and poles. The kids got bored immediately and they had to leave.
Susan had a lot of bills to pay. She decided to stay up all night working online. She did surveys until the crack of dawn and made some decent money. By morning, she was absolutely exhausted. Finally, she went to sleep.
Elise loved to learn about history. Her class was learning about a civil war cannon that was on display. They were at their state capitol building. The cannon was old and metal. Elise imagined the battles it had been used in.
I really had to go to the bathroom. So I told my cousins I would meet up with them after. I walked to the bathroom near the ferry. It was a mile walk. By the time I came back I was ready to pass out I was so tired.
We watched Lassie every day after school. We begged our parents to buy us a dog like that. One day my cousin's dog had a litter of puppies. We pleaded for one, but our parents didn't like dogs. We cried because we really wanted a puppy.
Joe was excited to get his first hunting rifle. He asked his brother to take him hunting. Joe and his brother got their hunting gear together. They headed off for the woods. Joe shot a rabbit and kept it for a souvenir!
She was so beautiful on the stage. The dancer moved with such grace. Flowing from one side of the stage to the other, she danced. The crowd was spellbound. When it was over they applauded non stop.
Michael wanted to join a club. After searching the Internet, he decided to join an online book club. The club met for two hours once per week on an online forum. Michael made a good impression among the other members. He then chose the next book that the club would read and discuss.
I was at a party and drinking with friends. I bet a friend that he could drink six beers in one hour. He took the challenge and began to chug. One hour later he lost count and actually drank eight. He was so drunk he forgot about the bet.
Michael wanted to go to the county fair this weekend. But his boss wanted him to work a Saturday. Michael decided to work overtime over the week. He managed to make a lot of progress by Friday. His boss let him have the weekend off.
Sam wanted a pedicure. She tried to do it herself, but it didn't turn out right. She went to a professional salon instead. There, they smoothed her feet and painted her toenails. Sam was happy with her pedicure.
Olive was looking forward to getting to know her college roommate. When she met Nancy, she got a bit of a shock - Nancy was blind. Olive didn't know anything about living with a blind person. She worried she'd somehow mess up and make things hard for Nancy. When she said so, Nancy assured her she didn't need special treatment.
I did a survey on Mechanical Turk for five cents. It took me twenty minutes. I was angry at the low pay. On top of that, the requester rejected me. I realized that Mechanical Turk was unethical.
Jason's hated how hot it was outside. He was thankful for his olympic size swimming pool though. He grabbed lotion, swim shorts, and headed to the pool. He dove in and instantly felt a hundred time better. He didn't realize he didn't put the lotion on and ended up a lobster.
Emily called the museum because her dog found dinosaur bones. The museum sent an archaeologist to look at the bone. The archaeologist said it was a pterodactyl bone. Emily was very excited to hear about the pterodactyl. The archaeologist called the museum to tell them what he found.
Cal was working hard in his yard all day. It was an exceptionally warm July. Cal began to feel incredibly light-headed. He realized he was about to suffer a heat stroke. Cal quickly got into the shade.
Miss Davidson was Irving's favorite teacher in the second grade. What he enjoyed the most was when she would read to the class. This inspired Irving to become an avid reader. As a result,  Irving made excellent grades in school. After he graduated, he decided to become a teacher like Miss Davidson.
Harry worked out at the gym. A woman told him he kinda stunk. She told him to use deodorant. He said he never thought of that! He used it the next day.
Betty's husband snores at night so much that she can't sleep. Betty tried everything to get him to stop. Nothing she did seemed to help with the noise. Betty moved out into the living room on the couch at night. Betty now sleeps soundly at night and gets a good sleep.
I've been trying to lose weight recently. I got a scale and attempted to calibrate it. First, I counted out one thousand new pennies. Then I put them on the scale. This calibrated the scale to two point five kilograms.
Jake has never been a coffee drinker. He always just naturally was a morning person. He took a job that required him to be awake at two in the morning. He did this job for three Year's total. Jake is now a coffee drinker.
Anna was in labor with her first baby. She was determined to have a natural birth. She insisted she could handle the pain on her own. But within four hours, she changed her tune! Soon she was begging her doctor for an epidural!
There was a man who had to write for a living. He would stay up all night writing stories. One day he wasn't creative anymore. He lost all his skill. He had to work in a fast food place.
Steven needed new furniture. He went to the local store with his family to look. I saw them at the store and said hi, but they were busy. He eventually decided on a blue couch for his room. Steven brought the couch home and set it up.
At a cocktail party, Ruth snuck a peek in her friend's closet. Inside, she saw rows of very small and very expensive women's shoes. Ruth was puzzled because her friend Jan had large feet. Back at the party, Ruth saw Jan and her husband. Ruth had never before noticed the man's tiny feminine feet.
Nala noticed some gray hairs. She went out to buy dye right away. She applied the dye, but it did not work! Her gray hairs were still visible. Nala realized she needed a special dye for gray hairs.
Gregory has a bad habit of chewing an entire packet of gum. He chews each piece until the flavor disappears. Then he opens up another piece to chew. He repeats this until it's all gone. Gregory has to buy more gum.
The little girl chased the butterflies with her net. She caught an orange and black one. She carefully took it out of the net with her hand. It was beautiful. She decided to let it go.
Tom really didn't like his job. He wanted to get fired and collect unemployment. He tried to do it in a way that didn't get him in trouble. Unfortunately he went too far. His unemployment benefits were denied.
Nick loved to wear hats every day. He wanted to make sure that he wore a different hat each day. To fix this, he wrote a number in the inside of each hat. Nick set all his hats in number order in his room. Every day he wore the next number in the sequence.
My mom wanted to go on a family trip a few years ago. She wasn't sure where to go, so she asked the family. We all gave recommendations and she ended up deciding. She told us about it and we made plans over the course of a month. She was very excited that we were all going, especially as a family!
Tiffany noticed a strange smell in her son's room. She checked and found some moldy clothes under the bed. Into the wash the clothes went to clean them up. When her son got home she reminded him how cleaning is important. She then taught him how to put clothes in the washer.
I was on my way to New York last weekend. I love going to New York. The one thing I hate about going there though is the traffic. The traffic is so long. When I get there though, the long wait is worth it.
Tim's family had a christmas tradition. They would go out and cut down a christmas tree together. They loved looking for the perfect one. Working together as a family to cut it down helped them bond. It was a tradition Tim continues with his own family.
Jojo really liked how fish look. He decided to try building a fish pond. The pond worked great during spring and summer. When winter came the pond froze over. Jojo was sad about his frozen fish.
Jason learned not to play with guns. But those lessons didn't matter when he saw a gun. Jason saw his father's pistol in his father's drawer. He picked it up and marveled at it. Now he tells people, do you want me to get my father's gun?
Alice woke up that morning to her dog, Tito, licking her face. She got out of bed, ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside. Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes. They walked for about half an hour, enjoying the sights and smells. Afterwards, Alice took a shower and Tito was ready for a nap.
Tom was driving home from work. He was pulled over by a cop. They told him his tail light was broken. Tom apologized but was still given a ticket. It was dismissed after he fixed it.
I was showering. I noticed my shower head was slightly broken. I called my landlord and asked him to repair it. He refused to repair it. I threatened to sue him and he decided to repair it.
Blake has not been to church in Years. He finally went with Megan and Whitney. He loved the preacher and the service. The sermon hit home with him. He agreed that he would go back again.
My little nephew had his first tee-ball game last night. When it was his turn to bat, he walked out to the plate. He swung the bat hard, but he missed the first and second times. On his third swing, he hit the ball dead on. We all cheered as he ran as fast as his little legs could carry him.
My niece is a student at Elms College. Her club was selling books to make money for the school. She asked me to post some books on Amazon. I posted thirty books and made $100 for the school. She was very grateful.
Tom's favorite team made it to the superbowl. He was excited to watch the big game. He made a huge deal about it. Tom's team got destroyed straight out. Tom was severely upset over the whole thing.
Michelle loved to create all forms of visual art. She was shy about it. She had doubts that her works were very good. One of her teachers encouraged her to enter a contest. She was empowered to be less shy when she won the contest.
Tom had a cold. He coughed and sneezed. He didn't know what to do. His mother gave him soup and vitamin C. After that Tom felt much better.
We had to leave early for a funeral. I forgot to take my blood pressure medication. Midway through the funeral I started to feel numb. I got my mom's attention and we headed to the nearest hospital. I had a stroke and was lucky I recognized the symptoms.
Kalie had never played basketball competitively. She had a friend who encouraged her to try out for the team. Kalie was nervous, but decided to just do her best. At tryouts, she sprained her ankle. Her basketball aspirations died that day.
I was trying to learn how to do a handstand. I struggled because my shoulders were weak. Thus, I decided to hire a personal trainer. He told me that my trapezius muscles weren't elevated enough. After this correction, my handstand was much better!
Tina applied for a job. It was rather prestigious. When she did the interview it was great. A day later she got called back. Tina got hired.
Joy went wait at the bus stop. She could see the bus drive up to her. The bus kept driving down the road. The bus passed up Joy. Joy's mom had to bring her to school.
Tina had the windows open in her room. All the sudden it started to storm. The rain came falling in room. Her desk got soaked. Luckily Tina noticed it and closed them.
Stacy found out her husband had had an affair. She was furious and didn't know what to do. After long deliberation, Stacy realized she couldn't forgive him. She packed her bags and left. Stacy filed for divorce and never looked back.
Tim was watching Netflix with his girlfriend. They were trying to figure out what to watch. Neither could agree on anything. Finally Tim picked something she didn't like. Tim's girlfriend went to sleep instead.
Jake broke his old bike trying a jump. His parents were worried he would get hurt. They decided not to buy him a new bike. Jake saved up his allowance and bought his own. His parents were worried but allowed it.
Linda wanted a new hair cut. She went to the salon but there was a new stylist. Linda decided to give her a try. Unfortunately, she didn't like the hair cut at all. She was polite, but she never went back to that salon.
Joy's husband was physically abusive to her and her kids. One night when he was at work, she and the kids ran away. They only took what they could carry. They stayed at a domestic violence shelter for women. The shelter helped Joy find a permanent home and a job.
I bought an electric shaver a year ago. It worked fairly well. One day, it simply stopped charging. The warranty had expired the week before. I bought a different brand and hopes it lasts longer.
Benny swiped left and his opponent swiped right. They both hit each other squarely on the jaw. Both of them tumbled to the ground. They fumbled around for each other. Their mother then stepped in and called off the fight.
Fred notices that his hair has begun to go gray. He feels deeply embarrassed about his graying hair. Finally he decides to cut his hair very short so people cannot tell. Fred loves how his shorter hair looks. Eventually even Fred forgets that his hair is gray.
Eliza wanted to win the sweepstakes. She entered many times. When the names were drawn she was nervous. Finally the names were called. Hers was picked.
Jenny wanted to move out of her parents house and into her own place. Jenny decided to find her own apartment and move out. Jenny started looking through the apartment listings online. Jenny found an apartment that met her location needs. Jenny paid the first month's rent on the apartment and moved in.
Edward had always wanted a new phone. The one he had now was a very cheap one. He worked hard every day to save money. Edward was then able to purchase a new phone. Edward was also able to save and buy other things as well.
Stormy slept in my bed with me. She was terrified of the dark. We laid in bed for hours while I told her stories. We laughed and played with toys. She said she loved me and wanted me to be her mom.
Candy loved wine. She took a trip to Napa with her husband. They sampled some amazing wines. She brought a bottle of it home to drink later. They opened it on their anniversary the next month.
The man searched in the shed. He found some chairs. He set up the chairs. His guests sat down in them. He had one chair left over.
My husband was doing the laundry. Later, he asked me if I had seen his wallet. I became worried and went to the dryer. Sure enough, my husband had washed his wallet with his pants. Now, he always double checks all the pockets.
They asked Grace to be in the new ad. They just purchased Windows from the company. So they wanted to interview people. She got all dressed up for the big day. Now she can't wait to see the finished product on tv.
John got married. His wife yelled at him a lot. John's sister said, you don't have to take that. John hired a lawyer. John got a divorce.
Gina went for a walk near her home. At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign. Gina walked over to see what the sign said. The sign stated a major street would be closing for repairs. It would be inconvenient, but Gina hoped it would at least be quick.
Last weekend a friend invited me over for a party. After spending some time getting ready, I headed over. Once I arrived, the party was well under way! There were lots of people having fun and dancing! It didn't take too long for me to find my friend.
Allie wanted to be a makeup artist. But she had to go to beauty school first. She was nervous about it. But finally she got certified. Allie then decided she was going to open up a salon.
Alex dreaded the new school year starting. She checked on the school supply list. Alex took the bus to the mall to buy her supplies. She found everything she needed in one trip. Though she was unhappy about it she went to school well prepared.
Feeling fatigued after a long day of work, Catherine needed to relax. She went upstairs and started a bath. She then added some bubbles and oils. This was exactly what she needed. Catherine felt better already.
Gina wanted a boyfriend more than anything. She went on a few blind dates that her friends set up. None of the men she met seemed to be interested in her though. She decided to try out online dating instead. Online dating has not been much more successful and she is still alone
Suzanne was trying to dress her baby for the day. None of his clothes seemed to fit him anymore. She tried shirt after shirt but everything was too small. Instead she put him in his older brother's clothes. She had to buy him more clothes at the store immediately.
Amy was having a baby. She really wanted a boy. She bought lots of baby boy clothes for it. The doctor told her she was having a girl. Amy had to return all the baby boy clothes.
Horatio spent most of college becoming a great fencer. However, he had never competed against another school. Now he had a chance to fence against the state university team. He competed and won. The fencing trip was the best day of Horatio's life.
Bob had a long day at work. He couldn't wait to get home. He was stuck in rush hour. He was falling asleep. He crashed his car and never made it home.
Madelynn had a kitten and his name was jasper. One day she was outside with jasper and he got away from her. He ran up the tree and was afraid to come down. Madelynn had to call the fire department to help her. The fire department came and rescued jasper and madelynn was so happy.
Chris started writing his new fantasy novel. He sketched out the characters he would include. The first few chapters were written in a month. Chris finished the novel after 3 months. He sent the manuscript to the publisher to be published.
Adam went to a bicycle shop to look at bicycles. He saw that an expensive new model had just arrived at the shop. The salesman made an impressive sales pitch to Adam. Adam felt like he deserved this bicycle. He rode away on the new bike as happy as he could be.
Gerald was bored at home while surfing the web. Gerald noticed that one of his friends was having a concert. He messaged him and told him that he was interested in going. Gerald waited excitedly for the weekend. He went to his friend's concert and had a great time.
Sam bought a new four wheel drive truck. And he saw videos of it being driven through off road courses. There were no off road courses near his house though. So he decided to drive through a private forest area. But Sam's driving caused thousands of dollars worth of damage.
Sade was a middle school student who wanted to get more involved. She decided to try out for the volleyball team but she failed. She was sad but she didn't give up. Sade next tried out for the dance team and band. She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team.
Randy was doing the dishes. And he wanted to finish as quickly as possible. The plates were very slippery. And he ended up throwing one into the air. It landed on the floor and broke.
When I was three years old, I only wanted a My Pretty Pony. It was to be the first that would trigger the My Little Pony line. My parents let me open that gift first. I ran away playing with it. I refused to open any of my other gifts.
Jerry was feeling a bit lonely. He decided to throw a party. He invited all his friends for a dance party at his house. He bought lots of food and balloons for the party. Unfortunately, nobody showed up for his party.
The lady looked out her window. She saw a distressed cat in a tree. She retrieved a ladder out of the garage. The lady climbed up the ladder to the cat. The lady was able to get the cat down from the tree.
Sally got set up on a blind date. She met her date at the restaurant. They ordered appetizers. The conversation was okay. Sally texted her friend to call her so she could leave.
The man made a date. He was excited to go. He got ready for the date. He went to the meeting spot. His date never showed up.
Sue recently moved and has to start at a new school. She is nervous and tells her parents that she doesn't want to go. She tries to fake being sick but they still make her go. Sue soon makes friends in the math club after school. Sue then likes going to school to see her friends.
Janet broke up with Harry since he forgot her birthday. Harry wasn't sad at all since he was into other girls. The next day, Janet ran into Harry. He was walking with his ex-girlfriend. Janet immediately started to feel jealous.
My friend and I were sitting in class today. I was bored so I gave him a straw. He tore up some paper and made a spitball. He spit it and accidentally hit the teacher. Now we are sitting in detention.
We were swimming in our condo pool in 1995. My cousin's three year old kid was standing at the edge. My cousin and I were talking when he fell into the water. My ten year old daughter rescued him. We often tell that story at family gatherings.
Beth had a large collection of dolls in her bedroom. Beth had a favorite doll she called Kim. One day while Beth was at school her pet dog Skippy found Kim. Skippy chewed off one of Kim's arms. Beth was devastated after finding her chewed up doll.
Perry was made fun of alot at school. They called him names because of his weight. Perry decided he would lose weight. Perry lost weight yet people still made fun of him. Perry carried the shame with him his whole life.
Last week my son went to Six Flags with his friends. He was scared of roller coasters as a child. This day, his goal was to ride the Superman Roller Coaster. He had to wait an hour, but did manage to get on. He said it was a very exciting ride.
Rebecca's grandfather gave her a special marble from his childhood. She took it outside to show to her neighborhood friends. Bernard, the boy from next door, accidentally dropped it. It landed on the street and rolled away forever into the sewer grate. Bernard apologized and offered her his prized coin as consolation.
Steve felt very nervous preparing for his big date. The date was a few days ago and with the girl of his dreams! Steve went to the store for new clothes. He tried on everything nice and finally bought a shirt! He wore the shirt to the date and it went great.
Have you ever eaten a fly? I accidentally ate one that had landed in my food. Too focused on watching tv, I didn't see the fly in my soup. I only found out because my friend was with me and saw me eat it. I didn't mind that much since I didn't get sick from it.
I was at a friend's house. Her brother came over to yell at her for something. I intervened. He pushed me over before storming out. The friend told me I shouldn't have gotten involved.
Tom was playing street fighter at the arcade. He was one of the best players there. A kid tried to challenge him to a match. Tom beat him fairly easily. He gave him some tips and fought him again.
My math teacher opened the back door to dismissed us. Gen was the first one to walk towards the door. However, she immediately stopped when a garden snake appeared. I took a broom and walked ahead of her. The snake ended up running away.
Although Colin is a white guy, Charles asked him to be his roommate. Charles, who is black, trusted Colin in the apartment. Colin, however, started stealing from Charles' room. Charles called Colin and said return my things or I'll kick your butt. Colin told the police and Charles was arrested for criminal threats.
Koa's son was very hyper. She decided to try to calm him by reducing his sugar intake. She cut out sweets and sodas. But her son was still just as hyper as ever! Koa was disappointed that her strategy hadn't worked.
Dan liked to drive fast cars. Dan would sometimes speed when he was driving. One day, Dan drove too fast and got into an accident. His car slammed into a tree and was totaled. Dan had to learn to like biking because he lost his car.
Kate was bringing in groceries when a bee came inside. She tried to hunt it out and get rid of it. It was hanging out around her window and she tried to bat it. Then, the bee crawled into a hole. She couldn't get it and decided to give up.
There was a new theater in town. The family decided to try it out. The seats were comfortable. The popcorn was the best! They decided to go to that theater from now on.
I heard some scratching sounds coming from my laundry room. I saw some beady red eyes looking out at me. I turned on the light and saw an opossum in my laundry basket. I panicked and grabbed a squirt gun. I chased him out the door by spraying him with water.
The kids all gathered to play Pokemon Go. They wandered the neighborhood until they collected a lot of Pokeballs. When they got home, their parents were mad. They didn't know where they'd gone! The kids were grounded from their phones.
Stan's wooden deck needed to be repainted. He spent four days painting the large deck. Stan had to paint on his hands and knees. He was so proud of his deck that he showed it to his friend, Andy. Andy said he had a paint sprayer that would've done the job in hours.
Sam downloaded a movie illegally. Within days he got an email about it. It warned him not to do it again. He could lose his internet and be fined. Sam never downloaded another movie.
Javier realizes that he is very hungry. He looks into his cupboard and refrigerator but there is little food. Finally he sees that he has an egg left. He fries an egg and eats it immediately. Javier feels much better after eating an egg.
My mom and I went to the zoo. We walked to the giraffe exhibit, my mom's favorite. My mom decided to take some photos of one of the giraffes. The giraffe spooked and ran away. I made her feel guilty about it for the rest of the day!
Working at an animal shelter, Amy met a dog rescued from a puppy mill. He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached. Gradually, he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand. Eventually, Amy was able to take him for the first walk he'd ever had. She was so moved by his courage and heart, Amy adopted him.
Daisy loved her new bike. She was given it by her late grandad. One afternoon, she went to get it, but it wasn't there. She was very upset because it was all she had of her grandad. After crying for hours, she realised it was safe in her other shed.
Dan and Lana went to an Italian restaurant on their first date. They eventually got married. For many years they returned to the Italian restaurant to dine. After 30 years they were still married, but the restaurant closed. They were sad that the restaurant closed, but they had fond memories.
Donald was always into martial arts. He grew up training every other day. He finally got the chance to enter the UFC. He won his fight and was asked to join. He is training hard for his debut.
My daughter was well prepared for the big competition. Her coach thought that that she would do well. Before she stepped on the ice she was very calm and confident. She hit every jump and spin and the crowd went wild. The judges gave her first place.
Shannon was terrified of spiders. She was taking a shower and saw a spider in her bathroom. Shannon through on her clothes and ran into the living room. She waited for her husband to get home. She stayed out of the bathroom until he killed the spider.
Yvonne was looking forward to her trip. She was going to Costa Rica! She had saved money for months. She packed her bags and went to the airport. She couldn't believe it was finally time to go!
Marco always wanted a dog but his parents didn't allow him to. His mom finally agreed that if he got good grades he could get one. Marco studied hard and was able to ace his science test that week. His mom being proud took him to petsmart to choose a pet for him. Marco left the store that day with a beautiful bulldog pup named Rod.
Bob was bored. He decided to go the cinema. He decided to watch a scary movie. The movie was too scary for him! Bob had nightmares for two weeks.
A man was on third base with one out. Joe was asked to lay a bunt down. He tried once but fouled the ball. The pitcher threw a pitch perfect to bunt. Joe bunted and he ran to first, he saw his made it home.
I wanted to run for my high school. I went to the park where the team was running. People had already started running. I was about to leave. Then the coach came up to me.
I have never been a fan of Star Wars. There has been a lot of buzz about Star Wars latest movie. I heard my friends say the new Star Wars movie is good. I went to see the new Star Wars movie for myself. I loved the new Star Wars movie.
When Bill was a boy he got a dog as a Christmas present. Bill named the dog Peanut. Peanut is now ten years old and is sick. Bill decided to take Peanut to the vet. The vet gives Bill medicine for his dog.
Kenny wanted to learn to rollerblade so he could impress his friends. But it was wintertime and the weather made rollerblading impossible. Kenny decided to learn how to ice skate instead since it was similar. He got really good at ice skating over the long winter. When spring came, his skills transferred over easily!
Devin was a star quarterback in high-school. At the big game he was set to stand out. He played great the whole night. He even ran for the game winning touchdown after a fumble. He still remembers those days fondly.
It was Bill's birthday. The doorbell rang and there was a clown there. Bill was scared of clowns and ran away. The clown shrugged and left. Bill had a bad birthday.
Anna was making Thanksgiving dinner. She wanted her turkey to be juicy. Her mom borrowed her a turkey baster. She showed Anna how to use it to apply the juices. Anna's turkey came out nice and juicy!
Martin was listening to records. He started scratching the vinyl. Someone told him not to do that because it was bad for it. He heard a really cool scratching noise though. Martin said he had invented a new form of music.
Several airplanes took off in the sky. Three planes were in the same direction. As they were moving, the smoke from their tracks made a pattern. The pilots ended the show by doing a huge loop. Everyone cheered afterwards.
Tim grew up with the same group of friends his whole life. When he was a little kid there was an ugly tomboy. Tim never thought much of her. Over time she developed into a beautiful young woman. Tim tried to hit her up but she was out of his league.
Julie picked up her phone. She was going to call her ex-boyfriend. He answered on the first ring. Julie panicked and hung up the phone. She didn't know what she was supposed to say.
When Mark was a child he always played army. He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns. At 17, he decided to take the test and join the army. He waited for the results, and was admitted! Mark has been a soldier for 7 years now.
Julian had brought a gingerbread house to class. It was a treat for the Christmas party. All of the kids had just come in from recess. Julian saw that his house had been crushed. Nobody would claim responsibility and Julian was so upset.
Jeff was a policeman. When he was patrolling, he saw a vehicle on the road. Jeff stopped to check on the vehicle. It had been abandoned. Jeff called a towing company to move the car.
Bella is a 3 year old girl. She woke up at 7AM this morning and was full of energy. Bella's mom took her to the park after breakfast. After the park, Bella went to the mall for Christmas Shopping. Bella got home before lunch and fell asleep from running around town.
Sam went to the beach to look at the ocean. But he noticed that he was the only alone. He began to feel sad. Sam sadly continued to watch the ocean. But then he noticed someone sit next to him.
I was in the 6th grade. A man had predicted a catastrophic earthquake. We were sitting in computer lab when it was supposed to happen. We all pretended we were not nervous. When the time passed, we all breathed a sigh of relief.
One day Jill was headed to Mary's House. They had made plans to go to the Mall. Jill was running a little late to Mary's House. She pulled into mary's driveway. Knocks on the door but no answer!
A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board. He stood back and measured the distance in his head. He swung the hammer in a large sweeping motion. The hammer came down hard on the nail head. The nail was driven into the board completely.
Matt was an average student in college. He spent most of his time playing and goofing around. He somehow found a good job despite his bad grades. Unfortunately for him, the company shut down soon. He now struggled to find a job and regretted his laziness in college.
The boy asked for permission. Permission was denied. The boy did it anyways. He got caught. The boy was punished.
Tim was an athlete. He had never been ice skating before. He decided to go one day with his friends. They went ice skating. Tim had fun ice skating for the first time.
I had outpatient physical therapy in 2012. I had a stroke in 2011 which affected my leg and arm. The therapist tried electrical therapy to stimulate my leg. After three months insurance cancelled my therapy. I still have trouble walking.
Jane was sitting next to her brother on the plane. John had earbuds in his ears, ignoring his little sister. She got so bored after having read all the inflight magazines. She yanked her brother's earbuds out of his ears. John gave his sister a new book to read to placate her.
Randy was tired of having a big beard so he decided to shave it all. He began to shave but his razor became dull halfway though. Randy had to go to the store to pick up more blades. Another man in the store though Randy was partaking in a fad. He scoffed at how Randy was breaking societal norms and left.
I read a story about a bear in the dumpster. A person throwing trash out saw the bear. He had a gun but did not fire it. I commented why does anyone need a gun to throw out the trash. I received several angry remarks.
Aspen was walking through the park. She felt something on her foot. When she looked down she saw a huge spider. She shrieked and the spider ran off. From then on she kept an eye on her feet all the time.
Jay's family did Secret Santa every year for Christmas to save money. This year, Jay simply asked for gift cards to her favorite stores. On Christmas Day, Jay received a very large box. Curious, she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents. She found three gift cards taped to the bottom of the box and laughed.
Emma started a new job on Monday. She walked into the office and introduced herself. The secretary smiled at her, then laughed excitedly. The secretary was Emma's best friend from elementary school! Both girls had a wonderful time working with each other.
Kylie was only 17 years old. She was very successful in the family business. She decided to buy her first house. Her parents sat her down and told her of house responsibilities. She decided it was way too much and she should wait to buy.
The baby screamed for its mother. The mother gave the baby a bottle. The baby threw the bottle on the floor. The mother picked up the baby. The baby stopped screaming.
My friend Mike witnessed a car accident. He rushed over to the crashed car. A woman inside was overdosing on drugs. A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off. My friend said he's a little traumatized about the event.
Sammy was making cocoa. She started by adding the ingredients to a pot. Then, she heated the mix up. Then, she poured it into a cup. Finally, she topped it with whipped cream.
My old pcp left his practice suddenly. His office recommended a new pcp. Her first name was Dana. I became her patient because she had Scully's name. The X Files had just been on television.
One day Tonya went out to the garden to pick flowers. She found some sunflowers. She picked mainly them. When she was done she put them in a vase in her bedroom. She loved how they looked.
Fred was starving when his dad handed him a sandwich. He had been playing on the beach all morning. Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared. A seagull had grabbed it right out of his hand. His dad shared his sandwich with him.
Ida wanted to learn German. She signed up for a class. But it turned out to be very hard! She thought about quitting, but she decided to persist. And before long, Ida's German was fluent!
Tyler was a sweet but very quiet boy. He didn't like to talk very much unless he knew the people very well. One day, Tyler met a new friend who asked him why he was so quiet. Tyler explained that he just didn't like to talk very much. The new friend decided he could be his friend anyway.
Richard was supposed to be paid today. He checked his bank account. His company had not paid him. This was a regular occurrence. Richard quit his job without notice.
Chris decided to get a new phone. He couldn't decide if he wanted an iPhone or and Android. The store clerk suggested he go with an iPhone. Chris decided to go with the iPhone. His credit card was declined unfortunately.
Ethan looked at his nails. He was disappointed at how bad they looked. He made an appointment at the nail salon with his favorite artist. When he arrived, he picked out a new shade that he's wanted to try. Now he's proud of his cute nails.
The husky's fur began to fall out. She was having her  yearly spring blow out. I tried to vacuum up the mess. It clogged the vacuum and made it stop working. I ended up having to buy a new one.
William has a macbook. It started messing up for him. He went to the apple store. They could not fix it for him. He had to buy a new one.
My Grandma injured her leg and had to use a wheelchair. My little cousin like to sit in Grandma's wheelchair. Grandmas was going out but could not find her wheelchair. All the sudden we heard someone crying outside. It was my cousin who had fallen over in the wheelchair.
I never met my real mom. Up until recently I thought she was a ghost. Now that I hear she's alive and well I feel weird. I don't know if I should be happy or sad. Or if I should continue my mission until she really is a ghost.
We got pizza yesterday. It was massive. We were shocked at how massive it was. We couldn't eat the entire thing. We got many meals of it.
Marc bought a large hamburger with fries at the drive-through. He felt guilty buying the meal, but he was hungry. Before he entered his home, he parked his car and finished his meal. He threw his trash in the back seat. Marc didn't want anyone to know he got fast food.
Michael hated Rob. Most think that the reason is because rob stole his girlfriend Shelly. One day rob was with Shelley in the hallway. Michael coincidentally was passing by so he saw them together. Michael and Rob got into a fight.
It was clear at first, but then dark clouds rolled in. It suddenly began to rain very hard, and the trees swayed dangerously. In the branches, birds huddled together and clung to the wood. A strong gust almost blew a nest right of the tree! But almost as soon as it began, the storm ended, calm returning.
In high school, two friends and I wanted to put on a rock show. We rented a rec center at a local park. We invited five bands we knew in school to play. Because there was little to do in our town, the turnout was high. It was such a success, we did it again two months later.
Tom was out rafting with friends. They hit a hard current. Tom was popped up and bounced in the raft. He wound up breaking two ribs. Tom had to get medical help shortly after.
I started a new exercise plan. It was the most intense exercise plan I had ever done. When I got tired I was supposed to push forward. After a week, I was going to quit. I decided to keep going when I saw how buff I was getting.
It was a clear day in Victoria. A float plane was expensive, but the day was too nice. They decided to spend the money and fly to a glacier. Only the four of them flew to the glacier with the pilot. The views were amazing and it was worth every scary moment.
Turk doesn't like to drink water. The taste is too plain for him. Since he's trying to be healthier, he has to drink more water. He tries adding lemon to his water. Now is water tastes great.
The parents went on vacation. The kid's planned a party. The parents came home early. The kid's tried to cancel the party. Some people still showed up for the party.
Ron had brought a sandwich for lunch. The bread had gotten soggy in his lunch bag. Ron was a bit disgusted by the wet bread. He decided to order pizza for lunch. Ron separated the bread the next time he brought sandwiches.
Kendall felt something crawling across her leg. She saw a huge bug! She jumped up and swatted at it. The bug scurried under her couch. Kendall stood on the table until someone could come smash the bug.
Ms Pupa observed two students about to come to blows at her school. Principal Pupa wanted to stop the confrontation before it started. She rushed to get between the boy and girl at her Ivy League school. Principal Pupa was too late the students fought like street savages. Pupa is now hospitalized and applying for Disability benefits.
I love having heavy-duty helium balloons at parties. They look very festive. And if you get bored of them, you can inhale them for silly voices. The only problem is that they have to be kept tied down. I've lost no fewer than 10 balloons to the sky over the Year's.
Allie's boyfriend invited her to play some golf. Allie agreed but was hesitant. When they got there she was so bored. She did not want to play anymore. So she excused herself to the bathroom and never came back.
Josh decided to go for a picnic. He packed sandwiches and chips. At the picnic spot, he decided to rest a bit before eating. Unfortunately, while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket. The ants started eating the food and Josh had to go hungry!
Bobby wanted to take his family to the beach. He planned the itinerary carefully. When it was time to leave, they loaded up the car. THey spent the next five days relaxing on the sand. It was a great family trip!
Last week my family and I decided to try stand up paddle boarding. I'm not the most coordinated person, but I mastered falling. Of course David was the first one to successfully stand up. Kylee and I decided that riding the board like a kayak was much easier. Looking forward to our next family paddleboard outing.
Tina and her friendship with Erica was going down the tubes. The two girls were just not getting along. Tina apologized to Erica. Erica did not accept the apology. Tina felt defeated.
I play football better than my brothers so I decided to join the team. I went to sign-up, but the coach refused to let me since I was a girl. My father didn't fight the matter, he thought I would be bullied. The team wouldn't start practice after my brothers told them. I am now the punt returner on our varsity team.
Brandon needed to buy a new laptop for school. He went to the store and found a perfect laptop. The laptop was not in his price range. The salesman said Brandon qualified for six month financing. Brandon decided to take the offer and went home with his laptop.
Shane is walking home from work. He notices a girl laying on the ground. He tries to help the girl. The girl is unresponsive. The girl has been murdered.
Tina was driving on a curvy mountain road. One of her tires blew out. Tina almost lost control of the car. She came close to falling off the side of the mountain. Tina called to have someone else drive her home.
Last night we looked at the stars. My friend thought they were nice. I leaned over to her and said I like you. She said I like you too. Now we're married.
My wife slept until 10 AM this morning. She just retired from work. She was still sleepy after breakfast. She took a shower to wake up. I said she should have had coffee instead of tea.
Jo started working at the firm right after college. She began as a junior attorney, practicing litigation. After a few years, Jo was promoted to senior associate. Jo then had a baby, and wanted to work more consistent hours. Jo then took a job as an in house counsel, which is her current job.
New Years Eve was the one holiday Julie loved more than anything. She would plan all of December for this big party. She would get the best decorations and food money could buy. She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party. Every guest truly and a great time and couldn't wait until next year.
It was Valentine's Day. Matthew got his girlfriend a box of chocolates. He surprised her after work with the chocolates. His girlfriend loved them! Matthew got a big kiss from his girlfriend in return.
When I was a child I caught a praying mantis. I kept it in a jar. My friend Carl came to see it. He opened the jar and the mantis bit him. It flew away after that.
Susie's school lacked a cheer leading team. She gathered her friends one night to dress up in school colors. They stood by the sidelines at a soccer game cheering the team on. Her school noticed her efforts. They made Susie captain of the brand new cheer squad!
Fred was playing baseball. He always loved playing. One day he made a mistake. He threw it into the window. The window smashed.
Susie got a bike that she used everyday. Her mother only gave her one rule. She said to never go on the broken sidewalk. Susie ignored the warning. And Susie fell and hurt herself.
Jack watched a vampire movie on TV. That night, he had an awful dream about vampires. His mom and dad had to sit with him until he calmed down. After that, Jack learned his lesson. He was never watching any more vampire movies!
I met this girl online. I went crazy for her. I wanted to fly out to meet her and be with her. So i bought a plane ticket to go see her. I never went back home.
Tom had never owned a new car. He was going to buy one for the first time. He did a lot of research into it. He got a good deal on a great car. Tom kept that car for several years.
Sam brought leftovers home from dinner. His roommate was hungry late at night. He saw the leftovers in the fridge and ate them. The next morning Sam was furious. The roommate had to buy him another meal.
Alice loved to do arts and crafts. She liked the glitter and put it on everything. She made a hat to wear and put glitter all over it. But she didn't use that much glue. And the glitter got everywhere in the house.
Lisa was 9 months pregnant. She couldn't wait to have her baby. A week before her due date Lisa went walking. While she was walking she went into labor. Lisa had her baby a week early and was very happy.
Sarah had a date tonight at a restaurant. She carefully did her make-up and put on perfume. When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing. Sarah had put on way too much perfume. Her date was nice enough to not mind her smell.
Our niece Betty graduated from Newton (MA) High School this June. The ceremony was held at the Conte Forum in Boston College. My wife attended, as well as several family members. I did not go, being disabled. My wife returned late and told me the graduation was very nice.
After getting a nice check, I decided to start collecting watches. I bought four watches on amazon. They were all under $40 and they all looked great! People look at me and wonder what brands I am wearing. Most of them I don't know, but I love wearing them.
Brandon woke up late. He rushed to get ready. He thought it would be hot outside. He didn't bring a jacket. When he got outside he it was really breezy.
Dimitri desperately wanted to get a date for the prom. He wrote songs and played them and got rejected. He wrote poems and spoke them and got rejected. He made cards and sent them and got rejected. Finally someone made him a song and played it and Dimitri accepted.
Karen did really well in her math classes. One day her teacher asked her to stay after class. One of her classmates was having trouble in algebra. Karen was asked to help tutor the classmate for an upcoming test. Karen and the classmate started to meet to study.
Jack was starting a new job and decided to shop for new clothes. He went to the mall and picked out clothes including a new tie. Jack wore the new tie on his first day of work. He overheard someone in the hallway say that his tie was ugly. When he got home, Jack threw the new tie in the trash.
Dan took his daughter to the beach. They made footprints in the sand. Together they built a giant sand castle. They watched as the waves came in and tore it down. They came back the next day and built one again.
Rob was a fan of basketball It was now March Madness season in college basketball He sat on his couch and watched many of the games He was rooting for his hometown Villanova Wildcats He is anxiously awaiting to see how they do
The family was having a nice picnic. They were enjoying nature and the scenery. Suddenly, a skunk came walking out of the woods. They all jumped and ran away. The skunk chased them, spraying as he ran!
Cameron had a birthday today. He ran downstairs and waited for everyone to tell him happy birthday. He was alone in the entire house. Cameron was upset that everyone forgot his big day. Suddenly his family came in and surprised him with a birthday party.
Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane. Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler. Jane's parents thought the new Bill looked too dangerous for her. Jane's parents insisted that she spend her time with a better man. Bill changed his look back, and started dating Jane.
John had been getting into shape for several months. His buddies told him about a fund-raising 10-K run. John decided to enter the race. John finished third in the 10-K run! As a result, John raised over a thousand dollars for cancer research!
Sam went to the beach. He parked his jeep on the sand. The jeep got stuck in the sand. Sam had to call his friends to help him out. Sam and his friends managed to get the jeep out of the sand.
I joined a forum related to wrestling. It was always a hobby of my husband's, so I thought I would learn. I didn't understand anything I was reading. I felt terrible for not being interested. He told me it was fine to have different interests, and I gave it up.
Sam was struggling to pay his bills. He asked for more hours at work. His boss refused. Sam was told there weren't enough available. Sam had to find a third job.
The window shattered in a great crash. Pip jumped up from his desk with a shout. Glass was all over the bed, the floor, and the desk. Freezing cold air was blasting in too. Pip couldn't believe the wind had blown the branch that hard!
Whitney thought her dad's birthday was on February 10. She had planned a delivery for him. Apparently it was on February 9. She could not change the delivery. Whitney felt bad for missing his birthday.
Jen and Tim wanted to go to the new mall. They always loved shopping. When the couple went they bought a lot. Jen was happy to have new clothes. They couldn't wait to come back.
Dan recently changed the oil in his car. One day on his way to work, Dan's car began smoking. Dan pulled over, and opened the hood. Dan realized that he forgot to put the cap back on the oil pan. Dan was glad he caught the mistake before it became severe.
I met my first love online. We talked for months, planning to meet. However, he lied about his age. He was really 44 and I was 18. I don't date liar, so we broke up, and I never heard from him again.
David woke up early to make his flight. He was pleased because he usually oversleeps. He got everything ready and took a taxi to the airport. When he arrived he was feeling great about his upcoming trip. But when he got to the counter he found he had the wrong flight time.
Julie was having a baby. Her baby was due on July 4th. Julie was determined not to have her baby on a holiday. She was not happy when she went into labor on the 4th of July! However, her labor took longer and the baby was born on July 5.
Oliver was a toddler. One morning, he was eating a yogurt. When his mom wasn't looking, he started to play with the yogurt. He smeared it all over the carpet. When his mom saw, she was very upset.
Tim loved Christmas. He wanted to do classic holiday traditions. He convinced his friends to go caroling with him. It was a bit cold at night but singing kept them warm. Tim and his friends had a surprisingly fun time.
Lilly was carving a pumpkin for Halloween. It was not going well. Jack told her to draw the holes before she carved. Lilly tried it. She then made a good jack-o-lantern for Halloween.
Jenny squirmed in her seat. She eyed the clock. She still had two more hours before she could go home. Jenny took a deep breath and tried to concentrate. She figured time would go by faster if she focused on work instead.
Jan and Bobby were playing Scrabble. Jan knew lots of words, but wasn't as good at placing them as Bobby. When he placed his word he was able to use up all of his tiles. Jan felt really annoyed at Bobby. She was a gracious loser and suggested they start another game.
Steve had just had a new baby. It was time to change his first diaper. He put the baby on the bed and then began. It was really gross and he made a mess. Soon, he got everything all cleaned up and the baby was good.
Dave had been saving all his money for longer than he could remember. He was trying really hard to buy a car. He worked very hard. The day finally came when he was able to purchase a used car. He got a good deal and drove it home that day.
Jody had shaved his head. He was working in the yard. He hadn't thought to use sunscreen on his head. Jody got sunburn on his head. He wore a hat the next time he was outside.
Tone-deaf Melanie and her talented pal tried out for choir at school. Melanie only mouthed the words, while her friend sang aloud. The music teacher was impressed and accepted them into the choir. The teacher gave Melanie and her pal a duet to sing at the concert. Her friend got sick, so Melanie had to sing by herself.
Mia saw a big spider on her wall. She screamed! Her dad rushed right in. Mia pointed out the spider. Her dad killed it quickly.
I was at the playground. It had been raining. I jumped to the monkey Bars. My hands slipped off of them. I landed on my arm as I crashed to the ground.
Stef wanted to spend time with her grandmother. Her grandmother now lives in a nursing home. She went to the nursing home and was able to check her out. Stef took her to a park that had a pond. They sat and watched ducks while they visited.
The car arrived at the gates of the castle. The man stopped the car for a moment to weigh his options. He exited the vehicle and knocked on the castle door. An elderly man with an accent answered. He was led inside after a brief exchange.
Larry recently took a flight to Florida. Larry was excited because he was going to visit Disney World. Larry was most excited to see the Star Wars exhibit. Once Larry reached, he went straight to the exhibit. Larry has the most fun being at the Star Wars exhibit.
Lakshmi wants a high paying job. She takes a month long class to learn programming. Lakshmi finds she can obtain any code online and aces the course. She quickly gets a programming job using her new skills. Lakshmi has cut and pasted her way to success.
A baseball umpire called a player out in a close game. The coach of the player walked up to ask how the ump made the call. During their conversation, the coach slipped the umpire $50. The umpire snuck the money into his pocket. After pretending to think it over, the umpire reversed his call.
Tom was going to work. His wife reminded him to take an umbrella. It wasn't supposed to rain but he took it anyway. On Tom's way back home it started to rain. Tom was glad he took the umbrella.
Boris had a heart attack. After he recovered he decided to take better care of his health. Boris decided to run 3 miles every day. Boris decided to eat good food. Boris died at 120 years of age in perfect health.
Molly wanted to be a teacher so she went to college. She earned her degree and began teaching. One day on the playground, a boy fell and broke his knee. Molly enjoyed taking care of him and thought she should be a nurse. She went back to school to get a nursing degree.
My daughter is from Boston but lives in NYC. Last Friday, she got tickets for the Red Sox game at Yankee Stadium. She had her mother in law mind her two year old. She wore a Red Sox cap to the game. She was very happy as the Red Sox won.
Gina was at a four way stop sign. When no one went Gina decided it must be her turn. So did the driver on her right. They both stopped and waited for the other person to go. Gina decided it must be her turn, so she continued on her way.
Fred's car had problems steering for a long time. He tried bringing it to a mechanic but it was of no use. Finally Fred decided it was time for a new car. He bought a Ford and was very happy with it. Now Fred's car has no trouble steering.
Bob decided to travel to India. He filed for a ninety-day visa. His visa was denied. He decided to go to the embassy to argue the rejection. The embassy kicked him out!
Tom went online to rent a movie for he and his buddies. Tom picked the perfect movie for the gang. That night, with popcorn and pizza, they turned on the movie. At that moment all the guys saw that Tom picked out a corny romance. They all teased him about this, and refused to watch the movie!
The parents bought their daughter a car. She was very excited. It was her first car. Her parents gave her the keys. She drove the car carefully.
May needed to lose a lot  of weight. She tried dieting, but couldn't stay motivated. Then she joined a fitness group. The group gave her support and encouragement. With their help, May lost forty pounds!
I had a stable job. Until one day when my boss decided to fire me. I was not given a severance package. Without savings, I could not pay my bills. I ended up on the streets.
Jordyn always wanted to go to California. She convinced her mother to take a trip. The two of them decided to make it a road trip. They packed their car with clothes and food. They hit the road and had a blast.
Beth went hunting with her uncle. They spotted a large deer. Beth took one shot and killed the deer. They brought it back home and stored it. Beth and her uncle dried the meat so they could eat it later.
Greg bought some new shoes. He wasn't sure if he liked them. They were very uncomfortable. He decided to take them back. Greg swapped them out for another pair.
Terence had a friend who was blind. His friend had never had a Florida orange before. Terence tried to describe how the orange tasted. Terence was unsuccessful as the venture is impossible. Terence's blind friend ate the fruit to learn its taste.
Bailey was having her birthday party. Her best friend wasn't able to attend. The next week her friend invited her over. Her friend's mother had baked her a cake. They gave Bailey her birthday gift.
Lara was at the beach riding bikes with her friend. Her shirt got caught on a fence and ripped wide open. A stall owner saw what happened and called them over. He sold her one of his shirts at a discounted price. Lara and her friend thanked him and continued biking.
Larry was driving to work. He heard a loud noise coming from his car. He pulled over to check it out. The engine was smoking very badly. Larry sat and waited for help to arrive.
Tim had been a race fan for a long time. He had an opportunity to go see his first live race. Tim and a friend camp at the track the night before. Both of them had drank a lot. Tim was feeling to sick to go to the race the next morning.
Jane wondered if she had made the right decision on joining the tour. It would start this afternoon as soon as she landed Ecuador. She had dreamt of taking this trip for many months. Now that she was hours away, she found herself full of doubts. Jane tried to calm herself by watching some onboard entertainment.
Monica's big soccer game had just started. She tried to nail a great play. Unfortunately, it failed and she continued having a very bad game. She decided to give the last few minutes her best try. She did get one goal, and she ended the game feeling proud of herself.
Samantha was very sad. Her friend Michael saw how sad she was. He bought her flowers to make her feel better. She was so happy she gave him a huge hug. They have been best friends ever since.
Karen was at summer camp. She had brought a picture of her family with her. One night she was having trouble finding it. She searched everywhere but couldn't find it. Finally, a counselor helped her find it under the dresser.
I was about to run track. This was during the winter time. I wore jogging pants. However the jogging pants was too big. It ended up sliding down all the time.
Bill wanted to play football. He practiced hard all summer. He tried out and made the team. He worked hard every practice. His teammates elected him team captain.
Mike was playing baseball one day. He went up to bat and got ready for the pitch. The ball came at him fast. But he swung as hard as he could. The ball went over the fence for a home run.
Jenny hadn't seen her friend in ages. She had two weeks vacation saved up and decided to go visit him. Jenny didn't think her car would make the long trip. When she told her friend this he offered to come and get her. Everything worked out and the two had a great vacation together.
Robert found a toad. He tried to capture the toad with his hands. The toads evaded capture. Robert bought a net. He caught a lot of toads with the net.
Brad was a soccer coach inflating soccer balls for practice. The needle on the air pump broke while inflating. None of the balls were inflated enough for practice. He ran to a sports store 1 mile away and bought another pump. He managed to get the balls ready before practice started.
Laurie got a new part time job in a restaurant. The owners of the restaurant were cruel. The other employees stole Laurie's tips. Laurie was berated by the owner in front of the customers. Laurie quit her new part time job.
Macey brought her husband to a party. He sat down on a bench and started playing poker with some friends. Then all the lights went off, and a woman walked out with a cake. Macey surprised her husband with a birthday party! Her husband whispered to her it wasn't his birthday.
My family made a friendly bet about football. We let my father keep track of our scores. He wanted to win so badly that he cheated. We found out that he was adding numbers to his own score! He lost and had to take everybody out to dinner.
Sally was reminiscing about her childhood memories. One of her fondest memory was how she spent her Saturday mornings. Sally recalled the thrill of having her favorite cereal for breakfast. In addition, Sally recalled watching her favorite cartoon on TV. Sally loved reminiscing about her Saturday morning childhood memory.
I was playing a game with my school friends. You had to try to guess who the killer was. Everyone closed their eyes. If you got tapped on the shoulder you were dead. I died on the first round.
I went to the dentist and waited in his waiting room. To pass the time I read a magazine that he had. The magazine was so good I took a subscription card from it. I filled it out after I left and mailed it in. Two weeks later I got my first issue in the mail.
Javier wanted to join his friends playing soccer. However, he needed a pair of cleats to play. Javier bought a used pair for a good price. He wore them for his first game of soccer. Javier was happy that he could play soccer with his friends.
Dori had been working on becoming an RN for many years. Her RN school graduation day was finally here! She marched up to the stage where she would receive her degree. She proudly walked across the stage. The dean of the RN program handed Dori her degree.
Birb Burb loved Birds. He wanted desperately to own an aviary. Though he didn't know how to start. He looked up resources online, and got some funding. Unfortunately it was too difficult, and he couldn't be bothered.
Sebastian and his friends were out throwing snowballs in the city. It was two AM and not many cars were out. A yellow ford drove by and Sebastian hit it with a snowball. The driver stopped, got out, and hit Sebastian in the head. Sebastian really regretted throwing that snowball.
Brandon played football for his school. He and his teammates practiced for their big game. Their coach was very pleased with the team's progress. They went to play the game. Brandon scored the last point and won the game.
Trisha just recently broke up with her boyfriend. She threw all of his belongings in the trash. She deleted all of his phone number and text messages. Trisha went out dancing with a friend to forget about her boyfriend. She felt free and alive.
Michael kept a pet rock and took it on walks every day. He would pretend to have adventures with it on the walk. His neighbors found the adventures entertaining to watch. Some of them would even walk with him with their own pet rocks. One day a neighbor even gave him a second rock!
I went with a friend to Leah's house. We knocked on the door, but got no answer. We realized her car was home and something wasn't right. We went to the gas station and called her parents. They rushed over, and discovered her beaten body.
Dale wanted to be a race car driver. Dale dropped out of high school the day his parents got him a car He drove away with just a bit of money He was going to the race track in the next town to be a contender He got into an accident in his very first race
Kelsi really loved dogs. However one day she was bitten by her poodle. The poodle was brand new and needed to be trained. Kelsi then trained the dog for a few weeks. She never got bitten again.
I used to lived in Phoenix Arizona. On my way home from work, i met my favorite actor. I was shocked by surprise when he actually spoke to me. We had lunch at the Olive Garden. Talking with him not only made my day it made my week.
Allen has been craving a good steak all week. His friend calls him up to go to a Chinese restaurant. Allen replies that he really wants a steak. His friend wanted Chinese more than anything. Allen ate his steak alone.
Frederick went to the jail to visit his father. His father looked at him suspiciously through the glass. Frederick told him he forgave him for what he did. His father jumped up and banged on the glass saying he didn't want it. Frederick hung up the phone and left the jail.
It was the first day of winter. I decided not to wear a jacket to school. Alas, it became very cold as the day progressed. On the walk home I was very cold and shivering! I learned that I should take a coat to school during the winter.
Amy was joking with her friends in class one day. The teacher asked her to hush, but she ignored him. After a while, he told Amy he was giving her detention! Amy had to stay in class for a whole hour after school! She wished she had listened to her teacher in the first place.
Ms Jones' Kindergarten class watched caterpillars spin cocoons. Everyday they watched and waited to see what would happen. One day there was movement in one of the cocoons. Slowly, a beautiful butterfly emerged. Eventually they all hatched and the class set them all free.
Lucy worked after school at the local diner. One day Lucy, burned her hand on the grill at work. She was sent home for the rest of the day. The burn wasn't bad and she was able to return on the next day. Lucy was more careful at work.
Tim was trimming palm trees along the street. A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing. Tim called out to warn her. She jumped out of the way just as the branch crashed down. It was a very close call.
The presidential candidate Donald Trump came to Arizona. A lot of people were excited and planned to attend the rally. Some people, however, said there is too much violence at his rallies. The morning of his Rally three cars blocked the road to his rally. One supporter said the protesters should be arrested.
Zinaida went to the rose garden. She looked for a few roses for a vase. Zinaida cut a few blooms. She put water in a vase. She then put the roses in the vase.
I wanted to become a janitor. I liked the idea of working alone and cleaning buildings. I applied to a janitor position. The employer refused to employ me because I had a degree. I realized that my degree was an obstacle to becoming a janitor.
Lisa loved to dance. She enjoyed dancing ever since she was little. After many years she became very good. Even when she injured herself, she kept dancing. Eventually, Lisa became the best at dancing.
In 1995, I saw a lap harp in a toy store. It looked fun to play. It cost $60 and I did not buy it. In 2011 I had a stroke and retired on disability. I bought the lap harp and started to play it.
Ramona and lulu decided to have lunch together. The two of them loved spending time together. Yesterday however they found a mouse in their food. Ramona was horrified. They would never go back again.
Tom was playing ultimate frisbee with his friends. It was one of his first times. He threw it in the completely wrong direction. They spent a long time looking for it but never found it. Tom bought a replacement.
Dan was excited to take his children to Disney World. The kids were looking forward to seeing their favorite characters. Dan was excited to visit the Star Wars exhibit. The kids took pictures with their favorite characters. Dan and the kids had a great time at Disney World.
The friends were very competitive. They always bet on things. One day, they bet on who would finish their lunch first. They raced to eat their food. Tom won, but they both felt sick at the end!
Edward was really hungry. He didn't eat all day. He was tired and didn't want to cook. Edward got his phone and ordered a pizza. The pizza came 15 minutes later to his house.
Joe stopped for coffee on his way to work, as usual. He drank it all down as quick as always. But on this day he was still very sleepy. The coffee hadn't helped him at all! Poor Joe didn't know the barista had given him decaf coffee!
Regan need to pay his cable bill. When he called to make the payment he did not have enough money. There were several charges he was not aware of. He had to make a payment arrangement to pay the full balance. Regan had to work overtime to come up with the extra money.
Will was a successful employee at a financial company. His boss, however, was suspicious of how well he was doing. He called in Will for some questioning. Will admitted that he used pills to improve his work performance. Because of this, his boss decided to fire him.
Marty and his son, John, went into the convenience store. Marty gave the cashier twenty dollars to fill up his tank. Outside Marty pumped his gas while John washed the windows. They hit the road heading to John's grandpa's. John snacked on his stolen candy bar in the back.
Kelly was inside her house making dinner. Her son had just come in from playing outside. She watched as he took his sweater off. Suddenly, dirt spilled from his sweater all over the floor. Kelly had to stop what she was doing and clean it up.
Lucy hated getting up. The bus was getting up in five minutes. She got up in ten minutes. Lucy missed the bus. She had to walk to school.
Harry was promoted to the position of bank manager. His meticulous approach to his work won him many accolades. The head office got a tip Harry was embezzling money. The bank found no evidence to prove it, and let the matter drop. Harry retired soon after to a private island.
Hal and Tina had been married for one year. They had saved a piece of their wedding cake for their anniversary. They wanted to celebrate by having the cake together. The piece of cake was dry, stale and tasted awful. Hal and Tina still had a happy anniversary.
Tom wanted to become a professional Tennis player. He trained daily with other aspiring professionals. He began feeling debilitating pain in his elbow. He visited an acupuncturist. The acupuncture therapy healed him, he was very happy about this.
Ken wanted to mail his sweetheart a love letter. Ken spent days writing the perfect letter. He went to give it to the postman to put it in his sack. A few days later his letter came back. It had the message Return to sender written on it.
Bobby wanted to make a salad to go along with his dinner. He noticed that he only had lettuce. He went to the supermarket to buy additional vegetables. By the time he went home he was too lazy too make a salad. He decided to eat his dinner without one.
Bob rubbed dog feces on the door handle. He hadn't been invited to the party. He wanted revenge on the popular people who had been. His plan worked just the way he thought it would. Only a few people wondered why he wouldn't shake their hands.
A freshly cooked roast was sitting on a table. The family dog could smell the roast, but couldn't reach it. The dog began to circle the table, before scampering off. A few moments later it came back with a big piece of wood. It placed the wood against the table and walked right up to the roast!
Jimmy's dad took him to see his favorite baseball team. He brought his glove in the hope of catching a home run ball. Jimmy waited in anticipation as the biggest slugger came up to bat. On the first pitch, the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy! Leaping up, Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball!
i know a woman that loves a man. the man has a temper. he uses his fists instead of words. she was beaten recently. i talked her into leaving.
We went in a hike in the woods by my house. The trees were very high. My brother climbed one of the trees. We told him to get down. He fell from the tree.
Susie had a store. Her store was robbed, because she forgot to lock the door. She was so upset, she closed her store. Rob bought the store from Susie. He always locked the door.
The dead dog rotted in the woods. A bird of prey spotted the dog. It started eating the dog. Another bird saw the dog. The two birds fought over the meat.
Tim had just learned how to used the telephone at home. His mother had told him not to play around with the phone. While his mother had gone into the backyard, Tim picked up the phone. He a bunch of random numbers and hung up many times. Tim already went back to playing with his toys as his mother returned.
Jim saw a pizza restaurant being advertised on TV. And he decided to go there. The line to get in was really long. And a slice of pizza was $7. When Jim took a bite, he was disappointed at the over hyped food.
Frank loved riding the bus to school. He loved the bus's bright yellow paint and flashing lights. When the engine roared, it excited him. Frank knew exactly what he wanted to be when he grew up. He would be a bus driver.
Susie looked out her window. She noticed there were new neighbors. She went over and greeted them hello. A girl Cindy was very nice. The two became fast friends.
Tim thought he had a certain amount of money. He decided to make sure before going out. Tim checked his account online. It was actually much lower than he thought. Tim decided not to go out.
Lacie decide to try to make a candle. She researched the proper technique online. She ordered the necessary supplies. She worked very hard making the candle perfect. Lacie loved her candle so much she started a candle business!
Jelly turned twelve. She really wanted her ears pierced. So she got them done. They hurt so badly. Jelly regretted it.
Ida notices that her apartment is very empty. She decides that she needs a table. She buys a great one. Ida loves her new table. She is happy her apartment isn't empty any longer.
Ron finally got a vacation from work, so he went fishing. He spent half the day out on the lake but had no luck. He kept getting calls from his wife asking if he caught anything. He decided to switch bait for the last hour or so of fishing. Ron ended up catching three fish in one hour which made him happy.
One day a stranger came to our farm. My father gave him shelter and food. He worked on the farm for several days in return. When he asked my father for recompense he said no. The next morning the man was gone but so were two of our horses.
Tom's parents were out of town. He decided to throw a small party. His friends invited a bunch of people. The party grew wildly out of control. Tom got into a lot of trouble.
The man held up a flag. At the start of the race he put it down. He set the flag on the ground. Somebody took the flag. He had to start the next race with a shirt.
Tom had a slippery bathtub. One day he almost slipped and hit his head. Tom felt that it was too dangerous. He decided to buy grip tape. It made it much safer.
John was tired from work. He didn't want to take his dog on a walk. The dog kept being annoying and energetic. John finally relented and took him out. The dog calmed down after.
Tina was taking a test. All of the sudden the fire alarm went off. Everyone was evacuated. Turns out it was a false alarm. Tina then had to resume her test.
Josh went to the library to finish his homework. On the way there he saw 3 squirrels. Two of them were fighting over one acorn. Josh stopped his trip to watch the squirrels. He forgot about his homework, because he was watching the squirrels.
Brad had been in the home for invalids for ten years. He patiently awaited as his assistant returned from taking a break. She resumed by turning the page of the novel he was reading. He was on page 145 of a 940 page novel. The assistant stayed with Brad for a few more hours that day.
The cook cut some vegetables. He cut some of them too big. They did not cook all the way. A customer complained. The cook had to fix the order.
Leon was going on a date. He wanted to take something to give to his date. He needed the perfect gift. On his way, Leon went to a flower stand, and bought daisies. Leon's date loved them!
I like to cook, and have a few favorite dishes. I often make a pot of rice, and toss a diced beet in to cook with it. My friend saw this once, and wanted to try the same thing. He mistakenly put the whole beet in without cutting it. I told him his mistake, and he was more successful the next time.
Abby couldn't stand babysitting little Josh Tyler. He would often play mean tricks on Abby. One time he hid in the broom closet for two hours. Abby called the police thinking he was missing. When the police arrived they found him in the closet sleeping.
My sister in law is named Bertha. In 1996 Hurricane Bertha hit New England. One of Bertha's coworkers made fun of her name. She told him she did not like his humor. He apologized.
Jeff went to the store to buy cereal. But when he came back, he couldn't believe he forgot milk. So he decided to mix the cereal with maple syrup, oats, and vanilla. And he put the mixture in the oven to make cereal bars. Jeff preferred his sugary cereal bars over cereal and milk.
Rachel was trying to open a can. Suddenly, she heard a pop. Her can opener wouldn't work. She checked it out and realized that it was broken. Then, she threw it away.
I got up early the day we were leaving for vacation. I packed bags for each of my kids. I even packed a bag of stuff for the dog. I loaded the car and we got an early start. Thirty miles down the road I realized I hadn't packed a bag for me.
Allie just moved to a new town. She was worried about making friends. But luckily some nice people walked up to her. She ended up making some new friends. Allie was not so nervous after all.
Tina wanted a raise. She decided it would be easier to commit return fraud at her work. She acquired the help of a co worker. They got away with this for some time. Eventually the two were caught and fired.
Sean had always dreamed of buying a motorcycle. He decided for his 50th birthday he would buy one. Sean spent a lot of time researching and comparing different ones. When he went to the dealership, he knew exactly what he wanted. The feeling he got on his first ride was well worth waiting for.
Lucy was moving to Texas with her husband. Her husband got deployed again. Lucy was sad. She did not want to leave California. Making the trip was very hard for her.
Cathy loved to visit modern nature spots. In her research, Cathy discovered a botanical garden near her. Cathy decided she would visit the botanical garden after work. Cathy was amazed at how beautiful the flowers, and butterflies were. Cathy loved the visit so much, she vowed to come back next week.
The man got in a line. The lady told him he was the last customer. Somebody else got in line behind him. The man didn't know what to do. He gave the lady his place in line.
Peter was going to see a movie. He got to the movie theatre. The movie he wanted to see wasn't at that theatre. Peter chose a different movie to watch. He saw the movie he wanted to see at another theatre later.
Nadia was not having a very good day. She had lost her favorite ring and felt very sad. In an attempt to cheer up, she went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she met a jewelry designer named Kurt. They became friends, and he made her a ring just like her old one.
Dina and her husband lived in a one bedroom apartment. They were expecting a child very soon. They didn't have the money to get a two bedroom place. Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room. This arrangement worked out perfectly for all three of them.
Jack wanted to do something special for his birthday. He called his best friend Tobias, and invited him to go to a party. They went that evening, but Tobias had planned a surprise for Jack. When they arrived all of Jack's friends were there to celebrate him! Jack was so touched that he gave Tobias a big hug.
Jeff was watching a car racing movie. And afterwards, he felt like using his own car for races. He sped down the freeway one night. But he was caught be a police officer and issued a speeding ticket. Jeff had to do 50 hours of community service.
I let my dog outside to go to the bathroom. When he came in his was covered in mud. I took the dog to the bathroom and drew him a bath. I washed all the mud off my dog. I then dried him off and relaxed with my clean dog.
Tim was going to get married. He was nervous about it. When in front of everyone he threw up. It was really messy. The wedding had to be postponed.
Berry was on his way home from work. Rain was pouring he could hardly see anything. The next thing you know Berry see's headlights. Berry crashes into a semi truck on the interstate. Berry survived with only minor injuries but will never forget that day.
Boomer was a crazy dog, he was always running away. His owner accidently left the gate open one day and Boomer took off. His owner searched and searched for him all night. The next morning Boomer showed up on the porch. His owner was so happy to see him in the morning.
I went to the beach with my family. My brother realized he had forgotten his swim trunks. My husband drove my brother to the store to buy swim trunks. My husband and brother finally arrived from the store. We all got into the water and splashed one another.
Arnold was scared of lizards. He never really liked them. One day he saw a lizard in his house. It jumped on him when he tried to kill it. Arnold nearly fainted.
The ice cream truck could be heard from several blocks away. One hot summer day the music played and all the kids came outside. They waited and waited but the truck did not get closer. Finally I got on my bike and rode toward the sound. The ice cream truck had a flat tire three blocks away.
Tim had been gaining a lot of weight. After a while his belts didn't fit right. Tim decided to buy new ones. At the store he had to go to the large sizes. Tim cried a little inside.
Rob wanted a toy he saw on a commercial. The toy only came in a box of cereal. He convinced his mother to buy the cereal. The box stated there were 6 toys in total. Rob ate the same cereal for a month to collect the 6 toys.
My wife's iPhone was running out of memory. Our son went with her yesterday to get a new iPhone. He backed up the old phone onto my computer. When they came home he put the old phone's data into the new one. She complained some of her songs did not get backed up.
Jen wanted to forget losing her boyfriend. She called up her friends and made plans to go out. They met at a bar and had a great time. As the night ended, all the girls felt very inebriated. Jen called a cab, made it home, and passed out.
Jane and Jack were married for 20 years. Lately things were rocky all the time. Jane told jack she wanted a divorce. Jack was shocked, but agreed things were bad. They decided it was time to end their marriage.
Ted is a firefighter. While fighting a massive fire he slips and falls. He falls through the floor. He can't get up in time. The fire consumes him and he dies.
Janice is always relying on her cellphone. She uses it for everything in her life. Yesterday, she was getting into her car and her phone fell. The LCD screen broke and she was really mad about it. Luckily, she had insurance and replaced it with a new one.
John and Mike were complete strangers. They just moved into a new apartment together. The new roommates both moved in music gear. They were so excited about the musical connection they had. The new roommates decided to start working on an album together.
Andrew was helping Pete move a couch. Pete tripped over a stack of books and lost his balance. Pete dropped the couch they were carrying. The couch fell on Andrew's foot. The couch left a bad bruise on Andrew.
Tameka, 14, was having problems with her vision. She took an eye exam and wore prescription glasses. But she couldn't study at night. Her eyes would get heavy and watery when she studied at night. Her father changed the lighting in the house now she studies at night.
Lea wanted pink hair for her Halloween costume. But she didn't want to be stuck with pink hair forever. Then he thought of a great solution. She used packets of Kool Aid to turn her hair pink. Her costume was great, and the pink washed out the next day!
Theresa and Pat made a pact to live together in their later Year's. When they retired, they both had a long discussion. At the end of the discussion, they decided to move to Belize. Theresa being from Belize made all the arrangements. Their first day of retirement, they flew to Belize and lived life.
Sheila lived by the beach in Southern California. She wanted to become a lifeguard. She would practice daily swimming from pier to pier. The day finally came for her to take the test. She was so happy she qualified and her hard work paid off.
A year after my boyfriend was killed, I met another man. He was ten years older than me, and from Norway. We got along very well. We ended up getting married. I left him a few years later after he cheated on me.
Heather needed to go back to school shopping for her children. She doesn't get out of the house much because she doesn't drive. Heather decided to start looking at online sales. She found some really good deals shopping online. Because of the good deals she got her shopping all done.
Amy was sitting on a swing at Lynn's house. Amy wasn't swinging, she was just sitting there talking. Lynn asked for a push. Amy pushed Lynn on the swing for awhile, then she stopped. She realized at 14, they were getting too old for swing sets.
Tiffany visited a sub shop with her boyfriend. As the worker went to make her sub, she washed her hands. Tiffany noticed that the worker did not dry her hands. The worker dripped water all over her sub. Tiffany and her boyfriend promptly left in disgust.
Tony's parents forced him to take piano lessons for years as a kid. But he had no interest in the music he was taught to play. As an adult, however, he started listening to Bach and Beethoven. So he pursued playing piano again and loved it. Tony was glad that he had years of previous experience too.
Ted reviewed the work. He put the work on his desk. He set his desk on fire. He watched the flames dance. He extinguished it before it got to big.
Allie looked outside. Her neighbor's house was on fire. She immediately called the fire department. They came promptly. Thankfully they got the fire out.
Janice came across a fire alarm sign in the hallway. She read the words on the lever that advises people to not pull on it. She couldn't resist her temptation and ended up pulling it. The fire alarm went off. Everyone was evacuated towards the front of the field.
Ron loved pretending he was a magical wizard. He carried a stick in his pocket that acted as his magic wand. Sometimes he would point the stick and yell gibberish at people. When he pointed the stick at his mom, she pretended to fall over. She was a good sport about it.
Fiona didn't like eating at McDonald's. As she had no choice that day, she ordered a plain hamburger. She new it would be fresh but would take longer to make. She waited for ten minutes to no avail. The employee had forgotten her rare order.
I have a new favorite show on television. The show is on every weekend and I never miss it. This week I have to be out of town for my job. I asked Jerry if he could record the show for me. He said he will and I can't wait to get back from my work function.
Tom hated watching golf. However his friends watched it all the time. Tom was just bored from golf. One day, they explained all of the rules for golf. After that, Tom loved the game.
Bill's niece was going to have a birthday party this weekend. Bill didn't have enough money for presents for her. He picked up an extra shift at work to make some money. He bought the new talking doll she had mentioned about wanting. Bill was deemed "Best Uncle" by his niece.
Emma felt stressed by her job. So she went to an ice cream shop and ordered a chocolate shake. The shake put Emma in a better mood. And she had more energy. But a few hours later, Emma was tired and angry.
I went fishing with my grandpa once. We went to the lake and waited and waited. Finally, he got one! He struggled to reel it in. It was too small and he had to throw it back.
Andy has been mowing lawns in his town since he was five. Recently, Andy wanted to become a bit more financially independent. Andy decided that he should open his own landscaping business. Andy figured this would help him to achieve his financial goal. Andy was excited to announce the opening of his landscaping business.
Kate wanted to develop a micro chip. Kate drew all the designs on paper. Kate took her idea to a leading computer company. The company loved the micro chip design. Kate successfully sold her design to the company.
Randy took his kids to the park. They spent an hour on the swings and going down the slide. Soon, they were exhausted! They went home and took a nap. When they woke up, they asked to go back.
Johnny wanted to make extra money. He wanted to buy his girlfriend a gift. He couldn't afford it with his salary job. He made extra money on mturk. He was able to buy the gift.
I wore a very long coat around town yesterday to stay warm. It was raining so my coat began to get very waterlogged. I began to get very tired walking in my heavy coat. It was so heavy I threw off my coat and walked home without it. At home, I ordered another long coat but one that was rainproof.
John sat on the bench in a park. He was eating his lunch. A squirrel dropped the nut on his head. He looked up. He did not see anything there.
My mom was driving during the hurricane, searching for a gas station. She had a hard time finding one since most of them were full. Unfortunately, her car shut down in the middle of the road. We had to push the car in a small plaza to move it out of the traffic. Luckily, a stranger decided to bring a gas container for us.
Greg cracked his knuckles. That sound gave his wife the creeps. The wife asked him to stop. The man cracked his knuckles more. The wife felt physically ill.
Stacy worked for a demanding boss. He wouldn't give her affirmations for her hard work. Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life. She surely deserved more praise for all she did. Stacy filed a discrimination claim against her boss.
I always wanted a Rolex watch. I eventually saved up enough money for one. I went to the store and found one that i liked. The salesperson even gave me a good discount. I am very happy with this purchase.
Jamal was in need of a locker at his gym. He asked how much it would be to rent one. The fee was so high, he asked to talk to the manager. Jamal made such a scene, that the manager made him a price. Jamal, outraged quit the club, refusing to be bribed.
Jess got dumped by her boyfriend. She began looking at ads for roommates. She came across what she thought were three girls looking for a roomie. When she met up with them, she found out it was three guys. Jess ended up getting the three best roommates.
Alina went out to dinner with her friend. When it was time to pay the bill, neither of them had enough for it. Alina offered to go get her wallet from home and come back with money. The manager was unhappy but agreed. When Alina returned, she promised she would never be so stupid again.
A non-professional football team challenged the Jets to a game. A man took out a big bet against the Jets. He watched the game very intently. The man was nervous because the game was very close. When the Jets lost he became very rich.
Kia came home well before her Friday curfew. Her parents asked her why she was home so early. Kia said the party she'd been at had people drinking. She hadn't wanted to be a part of it. Kia's parents were very proud of her.
Jack did not want to clean his room. His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean. Jack decided he still didn't want to clean. His parents forbade him from going to his friend's party. Jack regretted not cleaning his room.
Don was craving attention. There was a crowd gathered at the rim of the canyon. Don got up on the fence at the edge and mimed walking a tightrope. The board of the fence broke under his weight. Don plummeted to his death in the canyon below.
Richard couldn't find his glasses. He looked all over his house to no avail. Richard stepped onto the porch and heard a crunch. He looked down to see his shattered glasses. Richard was furious at his mistake.
Kim got a cell phone for her birthday. And she promised that she would not use it too often. But her parents found Kim texting all day. Kim neglected doing work. And her parents took away her cell phone.
Dan decided to propose to his girlfriend at a baseball game. Someone snapped a picture of it happening. They went up to Dan and told him about it. Dan was very happy to learn this since he couldn't take a picture. Grateful, he gave them his email so they could send it to him.
I went to the store to buy milk. I chose a gallon and started to walk towards the cashier. On the way to pay for my milk, I walked past the cookie aisle. Cookies are the best when they are enjoyed with a big glass of milk. Now I always buy milk and cookies together.
Alex always looked forward to all the winter holidays. She especially loved the food associated with each. Her family celebrated both Hanukkah and Christmas. Early in December Alex helped her grandma make potato pancakes. Later in December her other grandmother baked gingerbread with her.
Sal owned a popular pizza restaurant in New York. One night, his store was burglarized. All of his cooking equipment was stolen. The locals donated money to Sal. Sal got his business running again.
Rick got bologna sandwiches in his lunch every day. He complained to his wife that he was sick of bologna. But then she showed him images of hungry children all over the world. That put things in perspective for Rick. He realized he was lucky to get bologna every day!
Tim lived in an old house. His bathtub was an old cast iron model. The bottom of the tub was scraping away. Tim bought some re-enameling paint for the tub. He painted the tub to look like new.
Jill and Mark moved into a new apartment. They met several of their new neighbors. One of their new neighbors was named Ann. Jill thought that Ann flirted with Mark when they first met. Jill pledged to keep her eye on Ann.
The due date for taxes was quickly approaching. Gale was nervous because he had not finished filing his taxes. He took his paperwork to an accountant for help. The accountant filled in all the paperwork. Gale mailed the papers just in time.
One day, Todd woke up with a fever. He did not want to go to the doctor. Todd stayed in bed all day. He took a vitamin supplement. The next day, his fever was gone.
Gina had money, but no way to the store to use it. She wondered if she should ask her grandpa for a ride. He was on the porch napping. She thought it would be rude to wake him. She played Monopoly with her sisters until he woke up.
Joey's dad always wore a big hat. Joey asked him one day why. His dad told him it was his favorite one. One night dad's hat disappeared. Joey woke up to find it on his head he smiled.
Melli was drinking some coffee. All the sudden her mug dropped. She was furious. She could not believe that happened. She had to buy a new one.
Barry was assigned to be the lookout on the fire. He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers. The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters. Barry called out the alarm to the incident commander. The personnel all evacuated safely due to his diligence.
Janet was very tired while driving. She was falling asleep at the wheel! Janet stopped for an energy drink. Janet chugged the energy drink. Now Janet was wide awake behind the wheel.
Sam was mowing his front lawn. He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree. He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest. Sam picked up the baby birds. He placed them back into the nest in the tree.
The junior baseball team needed a name. Some of the kids suggested the Nuclear Bombs. Then some of the other kids suggested the Machine Guns. The parents decided it was better they come up with the names. They went with the Warriors, which was cool, but less violent.
Tina and her family chilled by the ocean. The fireworks were about to start. As soon as they started, Tina covered her ears. It was too loud. So Tina decided to go home.
Tia told her boyfriend Ronnie that he could sketch her. She knew Ronny fancied himself an artist. She posed patiently for two hours, then went to look at the picture. Ronny had done a pretty poor job sketching her! But Tina didn't want to hurt him, so she said the sketch was great!
I was really scared when I moved into a new City. I did not know anybody so I decided to go to a yoga class. At the class I sparked a conversation with a cute girl. We exchanged numbers and started hanging out with each other. Eventually she became my girlfriend.
I arrived at work an hour late. My boss called me into the office. I was fired. I cleaned out my desk. Security escorted me out of the building.
Jerry was an aspiring rapper. He decided to make a music video to promote his album. Jerry uploaded his music video on YouTube. He got a million views in less than a week. Afterwards, Jerry got a record deal due to his success on YouTube.
Chad had to do the laundry. He took his own first. Then he had to grab his parents and siblings. He washed all the clothes together. Then he had to set the dryer to 2 hours.
Kate was driving when she heard a weird noise. The engine was knocking. She was scared and took the car to a mechanic. The mechanic found the problem and gave her a quote. Kate agreed and got it fixed.
Mom invited Dad to drive her to the doctor. Dad turned and left without responding. Mom invited her best friend to travel with her. They had drinks, enjoying the evening. The doctor appointment was missed.
Tim threw a ball for his puppy. Eagerly, the puppy chased it. But the ball bounced into the road! Tim's dog narrowly missed being hit by a car. From then on, Tim only threw the ball indoors.
Chad looked for a clean pair of pants. He looked in the closet to find none. He looked in the dryer for a pair. He looked in his car. He bought a new pair at the mall, again.
Richard loved eating chocolate. He loved it so much that he ate some every day. After a while, he ate so much that he grew fat. This became an issue where he had to go to the hospital. Richard then became a healthy eater.
I could not find anything clean to wear. I saw the pile of dirty laundry in the corner. I carried the dirty laundry to the laundry room. I did 2 loads of laundry. Now, I have plenty of clean clothing choices.
I recently volunteered at a daycare. The kids loved me. I told them stories and helped with their homework. They gave me a gift when I left. They were great and I hope I get to see them in the future.
Sally wanted popcorn. She went to the kitchen and put some in the microwave. She timed it as normal. While she waited, she put her laundry in. Her popcorn burned and Sally cried.
Dean was preparing for a presentation at work. He researched his project all week. Dean met with his co-workers to discuss the issues. Dean gave his presentation to the office. Dean's boss was impressed with his work.
Kelly heard something in her yard. She did not know what it was. She went to check what it was. It turned out to be music. The music was amazing.
It was Kelly's birthday and she had to take her driver's test. Kelly was nervous. She was afraid she would not be able to pass. Thankfully though, she ended up passing. Now she was able to drive.
It was Tina's first day of school today. She was nervous and scared. Tina made a lot of new friends. She had a great day. Now she is looking forward to going back tomorrow.
Jerry asked his father if they can talk. He confessed that he's homosexual. His father had a strange look on his face and slapped him. Jerry fell out of his chair. His father said nothing and decided to walk away.
Joan was running toward her car when she fell. She reached for her bag but its content poured on the pavement. As her neighbor approached to help, she blushed. He retrieved her diaphragm and gave it to her. She thanked him and drove away in a hurry.
My parents were watching the news. They talked about the president to me. I did not understand them much. I asked them several questions. They answered my questions and I learned a lot.
A man desired to travel the world. He made that the most important thing in his life. He saved for years to travel the world. He eventually traveled the world. He reached his goals of traveling and felt gratified.
Poppy needed to make a project for her middle school science fair. She decided to make a model volcano with vinegar and baking soda. Unfortunately, on the day of the fair, she combined them incorrectly. The volcano exploded, spraying fake lava foam everywhere! Instead of winning the science fair, she had to clean up her mess.
Sam got on the bus to ride to work. He took out a book and started reading to pass the time. Reading and the motion of the bus soon lulled him to sleep. When the bus abruptly stopped, Sam awakened. He had slept through his stop and was miles from work.
Tina went to the beach with her friend. Her friend was smart and put some sunscreen on. But Tina did not decide to wear any. So as a result she got a bad burn. Tina then learnt her lesson.
Charles was forty one years His daughter was twenty and they didn't get along. But his daughter called him and invited him to her apartment. Charles hurried there, not knowing what the issue could be. Inside her apartment he met his three month old grandson.
Anna was visiting America. She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes. Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring. She had seen the American symbol of freedom! Anna was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip.
Tom was a good worker. He had been at his company for years. Tom felt he deserved to be paid more. Unfortunately he never got the courage to ask for one. Tom was kept at the same position for years.
Emily was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store. Emily instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse. Emily took the tree home and planted it. Emily took care of the tree over several months. Emily picked her first apple of the tree and enjoyed the sweet taste.
Gina's parents had purchased new beds for everyone. Gina was ecstatic. She ran to her room to see her bed. It was a black lacquered daybed with golden balls on the poles. Gina was thrilled with her new bed.
Gina's friend Tami was talking to Rita and Mary. Rita and Mary were upset with Gina. Gina watched as the girls talked and laughed. Gina couldn't help but wonder if they were talking about her. Gina missed being a part of the group.
Bianca feels very hot. She decides she needs something cool to drink. Bianca buys an iced coffee to drink. After having it, she feels better. Bianca is happy she doesn't feel so hot any longer.
Today the new refrigerator arrived. I asked my neighbor to help me carry it into another room As we were carrying the fridge, it slipped out of his hand. All the weight was on me, and I pulled my low back. Now I can hardly get up off the couch.
My friends used to love diving into the pool. One summer, one of my friends got hurt jumping of the diving board. The pool manager took the diving board out the next day. Now my friends can't dive into the pool. I guess they'll have to find another pool to dive into.
Anna's uncle Rick was an alcoholic. The whole family wanted to help him. But nobody knew how, until Anna had an idea. She started taking him to AA meetings five nights a week. Soon Ric was drinking less and getting his life together!
The kids loved swimming. Their mom signed them up for swim lessons. They learned special skills over that week. Soon, they were even better swimmers than they had been! The kids loved showing off at the pool.
Sally woke up crying from a nightmare. A dark figure opened her bedroom door. She was scared it was the monster. She heard her dad's voice. Then she knew she was safe.
Barry was the biggest kid in school. He always stole everyone's money. The children became fed up. He was denounced by everyone. And suspended for weeks.
Jenny wanted to be a model. Jenny was not the prettiest woman, though. She worked out everyday. She got plastic surgery. She became a model.
Greg's room was very dusty. But he didn't feel like cleaning it. One morning, his throat felt very sore. And he regret not cleaning up the dust. So he cleaned it up immediately and never had a sore throat again.
Tyler was flunking out of college. One day he decided that he was going to study all day. Suddenly, his girlfriend called, asking him to come over. Tyler made the decision to go see her. He still continued to flunk.
Jeb went to highschool with his brother. One day in the school hall he sees his brother getting picked on. Jeb rushes over to see what's going on. Jeb notices the kids beating his brother up. Jeb pushes the kids off his brother and defends him.
Bob is working. Bob is cutting wood. Bob's hand slips and cuts his hand off. Bob screams in pain. Bob is taken to the hospital for his injury.
Sam planned on throwing a party for her son. Sam decided to make her own cake for the party. She invited fifteen people to the party. Sam did not think there would be enough cake for fifteen people. Sam made two dozen cupcakes instead.
Alexis loves her children. She enjoys taking care of them. She decided to try to have a career taking care of children. She decided to open up her own daycare center. Alexis's daycare is now very successful.
Kate was taking the bus home from work. She was waiting at the stop. A shady character walked near her. She clutched her purse tightly. He walked by without getting it.
Jane always thought Rich was kind of a snob because he never spoke. One day it became public knowledge that Jane needed money badly. Jane's family was broke but she was going to lose her home. Jane then received word that someone bought the house in her name. Over a year later, Jane learned that the person who did that was Rich!
Adele really wanted some candy. She checked the cupboards, which were empty. She wondered if she should get in the car to go buy some. Adele decided that she didn't want candy enough to go drive. She still craves that candy to this very day.
Tina was out in the sun for many hours. Ultimately she got a burn. It was very painful. She could not sit nor stand. She had to go to the doctors.
Amanda needed to get across town to the store. She didn't have a car of her own. Her husband had taken the family car to work. A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi. She got in and they were off to the store!
Tim loved green apples. He had one in the fridge. Matt ate it. Tim was mad. Matt felt bad and bought him another one.
Alice went to the store. She was carrying a lot. Then she spent a lot of time. She couldn't decide what to get. Finally she got a conditioner.
Freddy had a crush on Helen. He told Helen that he did but Helen said she's not into him. They decided to remain friends. Later on, he hears that Helen actually find out hideous. He is hurt badly and decides not to hang out with her.
Kate wanted to go to her mom's house out of town for the summer. But she couldn't afford to miss 3 months of work. She thought her plan was dead. When she realized she could work from home. Kate was pleased she was able to come up with a great solution.
I once had a grey cat. I liked it very much because it was very friendly. I named it Hero because it was so nice. Hero followed me around all over the place. Eventually I moved and Hero stayed and it was sad.
Josh heard the news about the Rams trading Smith, their quarterback. That was Josh's favorite player. He even had Smith's football jersey. Josh felt so betrayed. Josh threw his favorite Smith jersey in the trash.
Jeremy went to the store to buy a new TV. As his was old and not even flat, he was flabbergasted by the choice. He asked a vendor to explain the new features. He made his pick. When he arrived home, he watched his favorite movie on his new TV.
Jim was going on his very first fishing trip with his dad! He had packed his fishing rod and his tackle box. Jim's dad taught him how to bait his hook and cast the line. Soon, Jim felt a tug on his line! Jim reeled in his very first fish on his first fishing trip!
I was walking down the sidewalk. I saw a small garage sale near me. I went over to it and looked over the items. I saw an interesting wooden box with cards in it. The man gave it to me for free since I liked it so much.
Jake had a new car. He wanted to show it off. He tried to race someone at a stop light. The person turned out to be a cop. Jake got a ticket.
Tom was out playing golf. A lightning storm started to hit. All of Tom's friends decided to stop playing. Tom felt adventurous and kept going. He was eventually hit by lightning.
Morgan was scheduled to audition for Beauty and the Beast. She prepared for days leading up to the audition, even in the car! As her name was called she became very nervous. Because of her preparation, her song audition was beautiful. Although she didn't get the part she was, she was honored to be cast.
Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker. The note led her on a huge scavenger hunt. She followed the trail, figuring out clues at each turn. Finally, she reached the end and saw her boyfriend with flowers. He was asking her to go to prom with him, and she said yes.
The goat went into the barnyard. The chickens were by the feed area. The chickens chased the goat away. The farmer finally ran the chickens off. The goat could finally eat.
I bought a wheel of camembert. I then picked up a box of specialty crackers. After finding some olives stuffed with garlic, I was ready. I took them all home and ate them as appetizers. I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers I made.
Dirt Nasty was a rapper. He spun rhymes about his escapades. He was so good at it, they forgot there was a person behind the name. Thus Dirt fell into a depression. In his depression, he gave up rap, and took up advocacy work.
Sarah noticed that there were many birds around her back yard. She decided to purchase a bird feeder. At first there were not many birds at the bird feeder. Sarah used a different type of bird seed. The new bird seed attracted many birds and even squirrels!
Sean was looking for a job. He was inside of a smoothie shop inquiring about a position. The manager interviewed him and it went well. He had one issue, Sean's red hair, identical to the uniform. Sean promised that he would change his hair color and was hired.
Sally went to the pool. She found a chair and the perfect spot. Sally got comfortable and fell asleep in the sun. She woke up and was sunburned. Sally had forgotten to apply sunscreen.
Jane decided to make muffins for her boyfriend. She made some with nuts in them. Unfortunately her boyfriend was allergic. Jane had to rush him to the emergency room. He dumped her that same night.
My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him. I tried to talk to him. However, he didn't bother to listen. Instead, he yelled at me. I immediately walked away.
Polly had a vegetable garden in her backyard. She planted herbs and tomatoes. She came out one day to find all her vegetables were eaten. She put up fencing around the garden. She was able to regrow her plants and gather many tomatoes.
Tom wanted to secure his future. He decided to learn how to program. He google searched for days to determine the best language. He decided that Ruby was the best programming language for him. He bought books on Ruby and worked hard, he learned Ruby well.
Jasmine was freezing. She turned on the heated seats in her car. They warmed her up and made her feel nice and toasty. Once she was warm, she could go back outside. Jasmine couldn't wait for summer to come!
Allie needed aloe for her burn. She cut some off from the burn. When she got the burn she put it on. Then she tasted it. It was disgusting.
Bobby loved to go to school. One day school was canceled. Bobby was very sad he couldn't go to school. His parents took him to go get ice cream to cheer him up. He wasn't sad anymore after he got ice cream.
Peter's favorite thing to eat for lunch is potato salad. Peter realized that he is all out of potato salad. Peter went to the store to go get some. But the potato salad at the store costs too much. Peter settled for some chicken salad instead.
Sam's kitchen was so messy and needed to be cleaned. Sam started by washing all of the dishes. Then, he cleaned all of the counters and appliances. Finally, he swept the floors. With the kitchen clean, Sam was able to relax.
This morning I woke up really happy. I had a pleasant dream I thought was real life. I enjoyed my entire morning. It wasn't until I went to my car that I noticed. I wasn't about to drive a spaceship.
Doug lifts weights and weighs over 250 pounds. He drives a 4 door sedan. He lowers himself on one leg and twists his body to enter the sedan. His knee has become inflamed due to the twisting under a load. He bought an SUV so the driver's seat would be higher off the ground.
Daphne went to the high school class reunion on Saturday. She was nervous because she hadn't seen any of these people in years. In fact, Daphne almost changed her mind and didn't go. The reunion turned out to be a very good time, however. She was glad to reconnect with friends and make new plans with them.
Emma joined track in third grade. Her parents and sister came to her first meet. They cheered Emma on as the race started. They watched as the teams did a loop around the track. They were proud when Emma ended up coming in third place.
Mandy was at a fair. She had been playing the cake walk for awhile. She wanted to win a cake, but kept losing. She was about to give up and leave but decided to wait. Luckily, the next round she won a cake.
Wes and his brother were hunting for Easter eggs. They both knew that the biggest egg had money in it. They spotted it at the same time. The two began fighting over it. Instead, their little sister grabbed it.
Every Wednesday Mark was at the baseball fields. He was stuck there while his brother played baseball. He decided he would try and see how many hot dogs he could eat. He ate thirteen hot dogs before throwing up. Mark never ate a hotdog again.
Jen is the leader of the volleyball team. She worked hard to prepare her team for the big game. However, Jen fell during practice and sprained her ankle. Jen was sad that she couldn't play for her team. However, she was happy that she could still encourage her friends.
Joseph decided he wanted to learn to play a new instrument. He bought a guitar from the music store. He also bought a book which illustrated a few basic chords. He practiced these chords for many weeks. Joseph was finally able to play a full song on the guitar.
Peter played games all day at home and his parents were worried. He didn't seem to be working on anything real. But he was playing on twitch, making money. His parents banned him from games, but he argued with them. His ban still lasted a week, but he went back to gaming soon after.
Mary was driving home one night after work. The truck in front of her was carrying gravel. All of the sudden, she heard a loud crack. A rock had flown out of the truck and hit her windshield. Mary was very sad that she would have to pay for a repair.
Allie went on the red carpet last night. She thought she looked great. Yet she found out that she made the worst dressed list. Allie felt so much shame. She was humiliated and took. Day off.
I met Jutta in 1975. She is a German girl who was visiting her boyfriend, a soldier. Her boyfriend took her money, leaving her penniless. I got her to the Salvation Army, where she stayed until she got home. Jutta corresponded with me for a year.
Glenn is having a bad day. First his girlfriend left him. Then he lost his job. Then he got his clothes wet in the rain. Glenn went home and cried.
We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year. Before we left we posed for a group photo. My wife took my keys off my neck. We left for Boston without them. My daughter mailed them back to us.
Robert was doing very badly in school. All his grades online showed that he had D's and F's. It turned out he hadn't been doing his homework at all. Robert's parents were so mad that they grounded him. Once his grades are a lot better he won't be grounded anymore.
We bought our first car in 1982. We bought a red Chevette. We had just gotten married and were on a tight budget. My wife chose red because of a car in a tv show was red. We never had another red car.
The family started to gather their plates at the buffet. They ate a lot since the food was food. When the waiter handed the bill, everyone was silent. No one did anything until my aunt took out her checkbook. She felt angry since no person offered to split the bill.
Jordan wants to find a way to stay fit. He decides to start running track. At first it is difficult. Over time, he gets better. Jordan is glad he found a way to stay fit.
Rebecca was really tired of her dreary, boring house. She bought a bunch of home decorating and design magazines. She spent several days looking through them and coming up with ideas. She enlisted the help of several friends who were creative. They had a lot of fun redoing her place and Rebecca was thrilled.
Joel and his brothers took a vacation. They decided to go to Florida. They had a lot planned for the trip. On the first day Joel fell off a water ski. He broke his leg and had to end his trip early.
Madeline was big fan of plants and flowers. She like to give them as gifts to friends and family. Her sister, Beth, was terrible with plants and killed them easily. Madeline decided to get her a cactus, since they were hard to kill. Beth was happy with her gift, which managed to survive.
Today I went to the biggest sledding hill I could find. I built a ramp about halfway down the hill. When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast. I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow. I was okay and decided not to use the ramp.
My friend Kate had a 10 year affair with Jim. It ended badly after Jim's wife found out, and he dumped Kate. Kate was angry and posted photos of Jim and her on FB. Jim called a mutual friend and asked her to have Kate stop posting. Kate is still angry and said she would continue to post photos.
Tom wants to get a new job. He has an interview today. The interview is at a big company. Tom feels lucky today. Tom gets the new job.
Kim was so excited as she was going to get her first Louis bag today. She walked into the Louis Vuitton store and squealed with delight. All of the bags in the store looked absolutely wonderful. Kim settled on a traditional monogram bag and her mother paid for it. Kim had the biggest smile on her face as she walked out of the store.
Tom loved taking selfies. He filled his phone up with pictures in no time. Tom hated deleting any of them. INstead he got a bigger memory card. Now Tom takes even more selfies than before.
The boy learned to count to ten. His mom challenged him to count higher. He tried making up his own numbers. His mom thought that was pretty good. She gave him a nice sticker as reward.
Priscilla was a shepherdess. She was sent out to take care of her flock from morning until night. One day, she helped a sheep give birth. The new lamb started prancing around almost immediately. Priscilla knew its mother would take care of it.
Jen grew up in a family with 3 brothers. The children were told at meal time to eat the crust on their bread. This would mean that the boy's would have hairy chests. Jen was afraid to eat bread crusts for this reason. Jen did not want a hairy chest when she grew up like the brothers did.
Mary found a doll on the street. It was missing an eye and very dirty. She took it home and cleaned it up. She heard laughter coming from the doll and it moved around. Mary decided to sell the haunted doll on Ebay.
Anna walked into math class. The teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz. The other students groaned, but Anna smiled. She was great at math and she found the quiz very easy. She wasn't surprised when she got the highest grade in the class!
As a nurse for the elderly, I have dealt with all sorts of characters. One lady in particular was quite a hoot! Every morning I would bend over her to take her pulse. Like clockwork, she would touch my breast and ask if it was a sandbag. She has since passed on but everytime I see a sandbag, I think of her.
Grace wanted to be school president. She made posters and hung them up. She wrote a speech and delivered it. On voting day, she reminded her friends to vote for her. Grace is so happy now because she won!
Ken had always wanted a son. When he married, he was so happy that soon he would have his boy! But after nine months, the doctor presented him with a lovely girl! Determined, he and his wife tried again, but had another girl. After four tries, Ken finally  got his long-awaited son.
I wanted to propose to my girlfriend. I saw the perfect ring. However, it was much too expensive. I decided to work in the jewelry store for 6 months. After that, I was able to afford the beautiful ring.
Fariah made a mistake in her writing. She tried to erase the spot with an eraser. However, the eraser ended up ripping the paper. Since she couldn't turn in a ripped paper, she started a new one. It took her several minutes to rewrite everything.
Tim loved reading books. He made a new friend with a similar passion. They had several great recommendations for each other. Tim had an exciting new book to read every month. Their friendship stays strong to this day because of reading.
Jim was working on an elevator. He had fixed many elevators, so he ignored safety rules to save time. He was injured and had to spend some time in the hospital. Jim made a full recovery, and went back to fixing elevators. He learned that rules are there to protect him, not waste time.
Bob and Susan met way back in 1970. They fell in love almost instantly and got married. The bought a house and raised two wonderful children together. Both of them got sick together in early 2006. They died in the same hospital room on the same night.
Pat was at the finals of the World Lemonade Drinking Championships. He put his hand on the gallon jug of beverage before him. The official gave Pat the signal to drink. Pat quickly downed the entire jug in only 4 minutes. The crowd cheered for the empty jug and Pat.
Rick went to visit his dad in Albion. Halfway home, he realized he could not find his phone. He drove all the way back to Albion. Then he got out and searched the ground. Sure enough, he found the phone he had dropped!
Bob asked Sue out on a date. That night he took her out to a fancy restaurant. Bob noticed their waitress was very attractive. He flirted with the waitress all night. Sue was upset and did not go back out with Bob.
Our building internet has been partly down since Friday. Some websites were available and others were not. I called our service provider and was told there were network issues. The property manager told us a part would not be coming until Monday. I am very unhappy with the building management.
Franklin went to the store to buy some condoms. He couldn't find any in his size. He decided not to use any. A few months later he got a call. His ex-girlfriend told him she was pregnant.
Ned was a collector of coins. He would always check his change for old coins. Once he found a nineteen thirty four dime. The dime was made of real silver so he kept it. Ned put the silver dime in his vault at home.
Betty was frustrated. Her internet was so slow! She called for a service tech to come out and look. He told her someone had cut the line. Betty insisted they repair it immediately.
Frank was humiliated by Ron in tether ball the other day in school. Everyone laughed when Ron beat him. So the next day Frank challenged Ron again. At first it looked like Ron was going to win again. But Frank made came back to defeat Ron.
Gene woke up and went to the restroom. He tried to brush his teeth. Gene discovered the sink had low water pressure. He walked outside to see what was wrong. A pipe had busted under Gene's house.
Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly. But she wasn't married, and she didn't plan to ever marry. Then she talked it over with an adoption agency. They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom. And right months later, Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms!
Mike was one of the most motivated students in his school. He always paid attention, and he usually sat in the front row. Today however, he was having trouble staying awake. He had been up all night studying for an exam. He finally gave up and put his head down, and sleep came.
Fred is a farmer. He raises cows for dairy. He and his farmhands milk the cows every day. They turn the milk into butter and cream. Fred sells his products at the local grocery store.
Massimo took his wife's hand, and they jumped from the burning plane. As they tumbled down through the air, he felt his wife's hand slipping. He was wearing the only parachute, and needed to keep a tight grip. He pulled his wife in close to him and pulled the cord. The parachute deployed and they both landed safely on the ground.
Charlotte could not deal with her annoying boss today. It was really nice out, and she didn't want to go to work. She called in sick and thought about going to the beach. An hour later, a package containing a bikini arrived at her door. It was supposed to be for her neighbor, but she took it as a sign!
I drink coffee every day. The espresso machine I got as a wedding gift has been fantastic. I used it the same old way for so long. Then I discovered all the amazing coffee drinks there are. So right now, I'm drinking a mocha latte with Nutella.
Mitchell loved to play with chalk. This resulted in him purchasing a lot of chalk. One morning he woke up, excited to start playing with chalk. He searched everywhere and could not find it. Finally, he was forced to purchase more chalk at the store.
Yesterday was a long day. I was out doing errands for hours. As a result I decided to go to sleep. I set my alarm for the next day. When I woke up I felt refreshed.
Kevin found several old photo albums at his grandma's house. Kevin started looking through photos showing his mom as a teen. He found a picture of his mom's old boyfriend who had several tattoos. Kevin later announced to his mom that he was going to get a tattoo. When she protested, Kevin showed her the photo of her old boyfriend.
Karyn's mom put the meat in the pressure cooker. An hour later the steam from the cooker was whistling. Suddenly there was an explosion. Pot roast debris covered the walls and ceilings. They went to the pizza parlor for dinner.
Jane loved to cook. She was famous for her lasagna. One day, she made seven pans of it. She was going to freeze them for later. Her friends all begged for them, so she gave them away instead.
I remember when i was in college i always wear high heeled shoes. Then one day we were be dancing for more than one hour. While dancing, i felt that my feet hurts. I texted my boyfriend to buy slippers for me. From that day i wear flat shoes more often than high heeled shoes.
The payment at stake was very high. She was terrified of losing the contract. She performed expectations very diligently. She double checked her work. She turned the secret project in an hour early, happy but exhausted.
Karen was taking a taxi to the store. When they arrived the driver realized he hadn't set the meter. They had no clue how much it cost. He waved Karen off, saying that it was on the house. Karen hesitated but then thanked him.
I wake up early today. I am excited to go to the beach. I drive for 2 hours. The drive is worth it. The water is beautiful and the sun feels nice.
Jasper wants to make a little extra money. His sister recommends he try babysitting. At first Jasper has trouble finding clients. However, over time, he attracts many customers. Jasper is happy to earn extra money babysitting.
Susie showed up at the restaurant to wait for her date. As she was waiting, she was getting antsy. An hour had past. Still, Susie was by herself. Finally Susie had to leave.
Libby has a lot of vacation days to use up. She asks for the time off of work, and starts getting ready to leave. She makes a list of everything she needs to do before she can go. As the day comes closer, her list dwindles down to nothing. Libby gets in the car to go, and realizes she has no gas in her tank!
Feeling parched, I made my way to the kitchen. I opened a cabinet to grab a glass. I added ice and lemon slices. Then, I poured fresh spring water into my glass. I took a big refreshing sip.
Jamal met a girl on Facebook and arranged a date. He picked her up and met her 20-year-old daughter and 16-year-old son. When he brought his date home, he met her 8-year-old son. Later in the evening, her 23-year-old son walked into the house. Jamal decided to ask her how many kids did she have?
Dan was making a cake. When it was done, he took a bite. He felt it tasted too plain. He had an idea. He smothered it with whip cream and it tasted great.
Carter was shopping at a grocery store. He was looking through the apples. Most of the apples in the store were mushy and soft. Carter told the produce manager about the apples. The manager brought out good apples.
Janice was going to make pancakes. She had gotten everything together. She began making the batter. She poured it out on the skillet and cooked them. After a few minutes she had a lovely stack of pancakes.
Jennifer was trying to make some extra money while school was out. She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter. She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid. Jennifer and the kid had fun while the parents were out. When they came back, she and the kid hugged before she went home.
Lamar wanted to be famous, and becoming famous was easy. His mother knew a music producer that made stars out of people. Lamar told a friend musician Lamar was moving to Hollywood. Five Years later, Lamar was the biggest musician in the world. Lamar saw his old friend and said, got seventy-five dollars on you?
Brenda went on a vacation to Vegas. She went to a casino and played the slot machine! She instantly won 200 dollars! She then put that money in the bank. She left Vegas knowing she had a good time.
Alexis found out he was pregnant and started to cry. She ran out of the bathroom and into a whole new life. Alexis began to prepare and save, trying to build a life for her kid. The due date grew near as she checked the calendar and she was ready. As Alexis looked down at the beautiful face of her daughter she cried.
Dennis was interested in science. He participated in the science fair. He had a great project, but he was very shy. He couldn't speak up when asked to explain his project. He didn't win the prize because he was too shy.
Ray had a math exam. He was terrible at math! But he studied hard. He concentrated very hard on test day. And he aced the test!
The farmer woke up at 3AM. He got dressed and ate a small breakfast. After breakfast, he immediately started to work on his farm. He collected eggs and milked the cows. The farmer ended his day by sipping on some ice tea.
Arden laid in bed while his wife worked on her crowdsourcing website. Arden was getting extremely bored and he longed for her attention. He tried to watch television to pass the time while she finished work. He then rolled over to his wife and started talking to her. His wife realized he wanted her and stopped working to be with him.
Dora found a sick cat outside her house. She cleaned up the cat in her house. Dora went to the store and bought it some cat food. Dora also bought the cat a collar and toys. Dora let the cat stay at her house.
Russell ran a small woodworking shop. One day he got an order for 10,000 chairs. He thought that this was way too many for him to make. He worked his hardest for many months. After 7 months, he filled the order and earned his pay.
Rose one day decided to visit Germany. She couldn't afford to go though, not without help. So she got to work, trying to raise the money. Rose raised half the money herself and asked for her parents help. This year they're doing summer in Germany.
Shane had never been camping. He decided he would need to be very prepared. He packed 3 bags to make sure he could survive. He showed up at the campgrounds with 3 bags. All of his friends made fun of him.
Kirk wanted to spend his birthday at Splashworld Water Park. His parents invited all friends to the theme park party. Kirk even wore his favorite bathing suite. All of friends showed up in their bathing suites. Kirk would have had a great time if it was not for the rain.
Brian, a young boy, was given a gift card to a sporting goods store. He went to the store with his brother and dad to buy something. Brian had a very difficult time deciding on what to buy. His brother finally told him to get a soccer ball. Brian purchased the soccer ball, and discovered a love for soccer.
James enjoyed building computers. He would buy all the components for cheap and then construct them. After making a few, he realised he could make money from this. He then spent extra money to buy the best components. He managed to double his outlay from one sale.
The kids made some delicious treats. They were brownies with nuts and chocolate drizzle. The treats were melty and delicious. They shared them with their friends. All the kids raved about how amazing they were!
I am a member of a clan in an online game. I was asked to help train a new clan. I had never tried to train anyone before. After a few months the new clan was competitive. I didn't realize I knew that much about the game.
Marcus was eating chinese food. He found a bug in his soup. He told the waitress. She apologized and gave him a box of fortune cookies. Marcus felt blessed because he loved fortune cookies.
Kelly and her friends went trick or treating. When the girls went next door they thought they would get candy. To their surprise they got apples. The girls cringed. Yet they ate them anyway.
Pat was looking for an interesting place to vacation. He searched various catalogs. Eventually he found the perfect destination. There he stayed in a small hut. It was one of the greatest experiences of his life.
It was my first day at school in 10 years. I was very nervous but decided to sit in the front row anyway. To my surprise, the class was very interesting and engaging. I even made a few friends in class that day. I wish I had gone back to school earlier.
Larry was offered a job in a different city. He was nervous to move. His friends and family convinced him it was the right thing. Larry agreed and took the offer. He moved and had new experiences.
I decided to look for a job. I got hired as a windshield repairman. The job was boring with lots of time to myself. I decided to study computer science during the downtime. I eventually learned enough programming to get a software job.
A boy named Bill and his friend Dolly ran up the mountain. They soon begin to notice it grow dark though it was still early. Dolly told Billy they needed to get back because it was going to rain. Billy said they were fine, but followed Dolly when she began leave. Billy and Dolly made it inside just as the first fat drops fell.
Emma was a teacher. She wrote on her chalkboard every day. One day, she couldn't find her chalk or erasers. She had to use the projector instead. Emma couldn't wait to be able to use her chalkboard again!
.Sarah suffered from anxiety Her therapist recommended she get a cat. Sarah looked up several likely shelters and visited them. Sarah adopted a cat. Sarah is much less anxious now.
The kids loved summer. They went to the pool every day. They would swim for hours. At the end of a pool day, they were tan and tired. They would go home and rest on the couch all evening.
Janes cat was very clever. She taught it how to use the human toilet. The next step was to teach her how to open doors. To her amazement, the cat already knew how. Previously, she had just done it in secret.
Ronnie was on tinder. He wanted to meet a new girl. He got a match and started talking to her. They scheduled to meet up. She did not show up.
Last week I was on the search for the perfect set of headphones. My earbuds were broken so I needed some sturdy headphones. I searched everywhere for the perfect pair but couldn't find any. Luckily I stopped at Best Buy. Thankfully there I found the best pair.
Tom was driving when he saw something on the side of the road. It was really nice book shelf for free. Tom pulled over to check it out. It was in near new condition. Tom returned to pick it up right away.
Mary had the ugliest socks in town. Everyone made fun of her. One day a handsome man was actually impressed by her socks. He thought they were so pretty that he decided to marry her. Mary ended up cherishing her socks forever.
Sandy's mom cooked blueberry muffins. She added fresh blueberries to the mix. Sandy was not a fan of the muffins. She tried one. Then she ate all the muffin tops.
Tina liked wearing accessories. She found a big straw hat and bought it. It was her most fabulous accessory yet! She wore it proudly around town. Tina felt very fancy when she had the big hat on.
A boy rode his bike down the street to his friend's house. A man in a car stopped the boy and told him to wear a helmet. The boy said that he had no helmet. The man gave him $20 and asked him to go buy one. The boy refused the money and rode away quickly.
Alma went to the park to play soccer. She was having a lot of fun when it suddenly started raining. She ran for cover and waited for the rainy to pass. The rainy turned into a storm and she felt bored. She decided to play a game on her smartphone until it passed.
Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.
Amy got an official notice in the mail. She opened it and saw she was summoned for jury duty. She thought she'd hate it! But as she spent time listening to the case, she changed her mind. Amy found that jury duty was actually quite interesting.
Sam drives a truck for a living. He drives all over the country. He often wishes he were home more. Sam decided to change jobs. Sam now works at the local foundry and is home more.
Ed went to the store to buy a lottery ticket. He asked everyone in the store for a good number to pick. He took the ticket home and waited for the announcement. None of the numbers on Ed's ticket matched. He tore up his ticket and dreamed of another outcome.
Dylan's car is long overdue for an oil change. He decides to take it to the auto shop to get it changed. Unfortunately, his car breaks down just outside of the shop. Dylan walks home as his car is towed away. Dylan later got a new car and never forgot an oil change again!
Josh and his family lived on the beach. The news had been announcing a hurricane brewing in the ocean. The hurricane was growing strong and they decided to leave. When they left, the hurricane hit their house. Josh's family had to rebuild but were thankful to be alive.
Kate was excited for Easter. She had assembled great Easter Baskets for her kids. They were full of candy and toys. On Easter Sunday, the kids tore into the baskets. They were thrilled with their gifts.
It was down to Tim and Eric. They were the last two to survive the game of dodgeball. Tim threw his ball and barely missed. Eric fired right back at the same time. Tim miraculously caught the ball and won the game.
I was working at am plant for a temp agency. I was asked to go to work for the plant directly. My contract required me to give 2 weeks notice. For 2 weeks I had to work days for the temp and nights for the plant. It was really worth the extra money it brought in.
Robert went to the tunnel in his nearby neighborhood. It was a dark tunnel. He started to hear noises around him. Something was telling him to turn back. Robert never went inside the tunnel ever again.
The Johnsons went to the food festival. They looked around to see what they wanted to eat. Even though they preferred certain brands, they looked for new things. They tried Frankfurters from locally produced businesses. The Johnsons went home very well satisfied with the food.
I played blackjack with my friends one night. My friend dealt me 16 points across three cards. I decided to hold. The friend turned over his cards. He had 17 points and I lost.
Tom got a coupon in the mail that caught his eye. He noticed it could be combined with other sales. Tom spotted a sale on the item near by. With combining the coupon Tom basically got it for almost free. He looked for more coupons to get more items.
Allison went to the pediatrician for her five year old checkup. The nurse checked Allison's height and weight. The nurse then took Allison's blood pressure. The doctor came in to talk to Allison. He said she was as tall as a seven year old!
Bart was flipping pages excitedly. He was in the middle of a great new book. He read until he got to the last page. He ran to the store to see if they had the sequel. He bought it and ran home to start reading.
Pete and his friends were drinking during a rainstorm. They created a new drinking game to pass the time. Every time they saw lightning, they had to take a drink. This went on until the storm had passed. At which point Pete and his friends were very drunk.
Alfredo realizes that his stereo system at home is getting old. He decides to look for a replacement. Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store. He sets it up at home and it sounds great! Alfredo feels happy now that he has a new stereo system at home.
I was leaving my hometown to go to college. College was four hours away. I packed all of my things. I said goodbye to my girlfriend. I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin.
Jessie was always bullied for his large feet. He got really sick of it one day and came up with an idea. At a school Halloween party, Jessie dressed up as a clown. His costume was great and he was a hit. One of his bullies even grew to respect him!
I received a scam email today. A lawyer said he represented a rich uncle who died. The email, full of errors, said I was the sole heir to $32M. I was asked to contact the lawyer. I disregarded the email.
Jen heard thunder. She looked out of the front window and saw rain. When she looked out of the back, it was sunny. She thought that was so strange! How often did that happen?
Jake watched the cute puppy skitter and skate across the ice. Suddenly, it fell through, into the deathly cold water below! Jake dived into the newly created hole in the pond after it. He caught the dog up in his arms and swam towards the surface. Jake drowned as his head slammed into the ice, frozen back over above.
Mary and Kyle were highschool sweethearts. After they graduated they both went to college in Texas. While they were in college Kyle proposed and Mary accepted. They got married last summer in a small private ceremony. Now they are expecting their first child!
Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child. She was using a lot of curse words around her child. She also, slept in late everyday. She started one day, waking up in the morning. She feels a lot better about herself.
Jane was walking downstairs. She tripped over her shoe lace. Her arm smacked the wall. Although she felt no pain on her arm, her head was hurting. She immediately sat on the ground.
One day we were driving on an icy road. A dog crossed in front of our car. We couldn't swerve because of the ice. We hit the dog and it was howling under the car! When we finally stopped, the dog wasn't hurt and just ran away!
David worked as a baggage handler at the airport. This was his first year working during the busy Christmas season. His co workers warned him that he needed to keep up during the chaos. He shuffled bags back and forth all day long at full speed. He never worked so hard in his life.
Erin absolutely hates superhero movies. One weekend she lost a bet to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend made her go see Deadpool with him. Erin laughed louder and harder than anyone in the theater. She decided she would give more superhero movies a try.
Every Tuesday, the family would make tacos. They would change the kind of meat they used. Last time, it was shredded chicken. The kids go excited every Tuesday, knowing they'd get to eat tacos. It was a fun family tradition.
Alexis tried to shoot paper halls in a trash can. She threw a large paper ball. It smacked a teacher in the eye. He waited awhile for his eyes to start seeing normally. When he was able to see again, he gave Alexis detention.
Jerry was going fishing. He took the boat to the middle of the lake. He realized he forgot his tackle box. Jerry took the boat back to the dock. He returned with the tackle box.
Nadia was sitting on the couch. She could not find the remote. She searched for the remote under the couch. She did not find it under the couch. Nadia did not find the remote.
The man locked the door. He had left his key inside. He tried to get in a window. He was not able to do that. He called a locksmith for help.
I gave away a free bed frame on the Internet. The woman that came to collect it was very grateful. She thanked me several times. She took the bed frame outside the front door. She drove away happily.
Gina was at Target with her mom. Gina wanted to find a Lisa Frank folder. She checked in the stationary section, but they didn't have any. All they had was a Lisa Frank trapper keeper. It cost more than Gina had, so she asked her mom to buy it for her.
Bob needed to buy a new water heater. He went to the store to look at the offerings they had. Bob's jaw dropped to the floor when he saw the prices! They were nearly twice what he'd paid when he bought his last one. The clerk told him it was because of the new government requirements.
Anna's boss announced mandatory overtime all week. Anna was disappointed. All week she worked extra hours, grumbling and tired. But when she was paid the next week, she brightened. She had been paid very well for the overtime!
Tammy was taking dance lessons and wanted to show off. She called her friends up and arranged a date night. Arriving at the bar, she didn't like the music and asked to change it. After the new music came on, Tammy got on the dance floor to show off. Shortly after, everyone in the bar joined her on the floor.
Pia worked at the family pizzeria, but had a secret. She was anorexic and never ate the food at all! Then she began dating a boy who constantly called her beautiful. Under his care, Pia grew confident in herself and began eating again. Soon Pia and her boyfriend were enjoying pizza every weekend!
Derek used to be a very great boy. He used to tell good jokes and he knew how to do cartwheels. He was always nice and always invited his friends over for snacks. But when he started smoking weed, he stopped being fun. He became lazy, grumpy, and stinky.
Turner flunked his math test. He begged the teacher to let him retake it. The teacher said he could retake it the next day. Turner went home and played video games instead of studying. When he took the test the next day, he flunked again
I was setting up Christmas lights. Suddenly, I lost my footing. I began sliding down the roof! I tried to catch myself but I fell to the ground. I broke my leg and learned to be more careful.
My father owns a motorcycle and a car. I was at my work when i received a call that he was in an accident. I was too worried, i thought he bumped his car and he's critical. Then i knew he was riding his motorcycle we had an accident. Since that day we never let him drive a motorcycle.
Kate's mom had computer which had viruses on it. Kate used a lot of software to remove them. She showed her how to stop them from coming back. Her mother pretended to understand, and agree. The next time Kate visited it was full of viruses again.
Jackson wasn't feeling well to his stomach. His Mom made a doctor's appointment because he was running a fever. Jackson went to the doctor's office. He saw the doctor who examined him. The doctor gave Jackson some medicine to make him feel better.
Margaret and her husband went out to eat. They had heard about a new restaurant. Anxious to check it out, they went out to eat. The meals were incredible. Margaret and her husband were amazed by the great dishes.
Elizabeth bought four fish from the pet store. One day Elizabeth noticed fry in the fish tank. She fed them special to help them grow. The fry grew, crowding the fish tank. Elizabeth had to give many of the fish away to new homes.
Mara had always wanted to have a child of her own. Unfortunately she had never been able to conceive. After a good deal of consideration, Mara decided to adopt. The process was exhausting but after much waiting it was finally time! Mara held her new baby and couldn't remember ever feeling sad.
He poured a glass of wine. She turned the lights down low. Once he poured two glasses of wine, he nodded his head. She took that as a signal to turn on the radio which she did. He handed her one glass of wine.
Tina was getting sick. She had lived twelve years. So Susie had to put her down. It was painful. Susie broke down in tears.
Adam decided to buy a car. He went through some offers in the local magazines. He decided to buy blue Nissan Rogue. He came home on the new car. His girlfriend did not like the color.
Chris saw a schoolmate being bullied and decided to intervene. He was involved in an exchange of fists, which got him in trouble. He had to tell his parents what happened. His mother was disappointed, but his father was proud. Chris now felt proud too, standing up for the little guy was good.
Jane loved playing with toy tanks when she was a child. She dreamed of driving a real tank when she grew up. After graduating from high school, she went to the recruiting office. The officers told her how dangerous driving a tank in combat is. Jane decided to just buy a Hummer instead of enlisting.
Jack called the cable company. The cable company sent out a tech. The tech ran new lines for the tv and modem. The Tv wouldn't come on, because the signal was too low. The tech installed an amp and the signal was fine.
I was really sick last week. I was sick for the whole entire week and missed a lot of work. I had to call my boss and tell him how sick I was. My boss was very understanding. I'm not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow.
I woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains. My wife wanted me to go to the doctor, but I said no. The next day the chest pain got worse. I eventually went to the doctor. The doctor said my pain was just heartburn.
For extra spending money Sully does odd jobs. His favorite job is one he does online. He likes it because he can decided when he works. He also decided how much he works. One day he wants to do that full-time.
Nicole has been dealing with a sore back for a couple of weeks. She gave in and went to the doctor. The doctor ordered an MRI of the area. The MRI revealed a slipped disc. Nicole had to go to physical therapy to fix the problem.
Jane had some free time that week. She decided to decorate her house. She went to the mall and visited some shops. Jane bought paint and some pictures to hang on the walls. After an entire day of work, Jane's house was very pretty now.
Shaye trained for months to run her first marathon. It was tedious and often grueling training. She finished her first marathon beating her personal record! She was so happy with her life achievement. She signed up for two more marathons in the coming year.
Janny was walking across the street. Someone was calling her since her phone rang. She tried to take it out of her pocket. It slipped and landed on the ground. When Janny picked it up, the screen was cracked.
Tim went to the grocery store. He got the first buggy he saw. The wheels were all out of whack and it wobbled wildly. Tim was too lazy to get a different one. He just kept awkwardly pushing that one ahead.
Ava was listening to a female artist sing on Youtube. She became enamored with the singer's voice. Ava vowed to get the autograph of such a talented woman. She flew all the way to Japan and was shocked at what she learned. Ava's favorite singer was a computer program!
Al and his wife has been watching TV to cure their boredom. He has been flipping through channels for the past fifteen minutes. Annoyed, Al's wife told him to just pick something. Al settled for a comedy movie that was playing. They begrudgingly watched uninterested for the rest of the night.
Heather hadn't slept in days. Her husband snored so loudly. She would poke and prod him but it didn't matter. He never stopped snoring! Heather decided to start sleeping in the guest room.
Last night we played truth or dare. It was my turn and I picked a dare. Rick dared me to jump in the lake. I was about to jump in the lake and I heard something. I looked in the water and their was a big alligator.
Bill accidentally left the lights of his car on overnight. When he turned the key, the car would not start. He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted. Ted had jumper cables in his car. With Ted's help, Bill was able to get his car started.
The man sharpened the saw blade. His hand slipped. He cut his arm on the saw blade. He cleaned up the blood. He finished sharpening the saw blade.
Two pro wrestlers squared off in a wrestling ring. One wrestler, the Junkman, swung a lead pipe at the other. The other, Fire King, stepped backwards to dodge it and fell. The Junkman stood over him and raised his pipe. The referee tackled the Junkman to stop him from his attack.
Will moved away from his buddies to take a new job. Will decided there was a way for them all to stay in touch. Will got an old computer game they used to play. Will set up a network so they could play each other and chat online. Now they hook up online every Saturday afternoon.
Walt wanted some ice cream, so he went to the store to get some. When he got to the store, he saw the best invention he had ever seen. It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it! Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it. When he opened up the ball, he ate his delicious ice cream.
All of my friends got together at the beach. Before we did anything, we placed our stuff near a tent. Everyone was eager to get inside the water. Afterwards, we went out to eat buffalo chicken wings. All of us agreed to see each other before we left.
Mike went to college at the local junior college. The other students and faculty were somewhat slow. Everyone acted threatened by Mike, and his grades suffered. As it turns out, he school lost its accreditation. Now Mike is glad he dropped out, and went to State.
Tom bragged to all his American friends about his amazing beach life in Mexico. His friends didn't like the blowhard, but loved having his friendship. Then the United States elected a xenophobic President. He built a giant wall to keep everyone in Mexico out. The giant wall kept Tom out, too.
When Donna's grandmother passed away, Donna felt very sad. She didn't know what to do with herself or how to feel better. Her friend had recently started volunteering and told Donna about it. Donna joined her friend volunteering at the senior citizens' center. Spending time helping elderly people also helped Donna feel better.
Susie was supposed to meet her sister at the airport. She had made sure she got there early to meet her. All the sudden she realized she was in the wrong place. So she had asked for help and the man said she had to cross the street. So Susie crossed the street and finally found her sister.
Me and Jake are running late to our meeting. This meeting is very important, it is with Google in one hour. We are making great time, Jake is driving, we might get there early. I say there is nothing that can stop us now, Jake got mad at that. I guess i jinxed us, because we just got a flat tire!
Clarice was at a family reunion. She didn't recognize anyone. She got into a conversation with someone who might be an aunt. She asked if they knew her grandfather Frank. The woman then realized Clarice was at the wrong reunion.
Mary saw a beggar on a downtown street. He was begging for change. People were giving him nickels and dimes. Mary decided to do more to help him. She gave him $10 and bought him dinner!
Vanessa was good at game theory. She needed to find a career that used game theory. She settled on playing professional poker. Vanessa used her game theory skills to win lots of poker hands. She now is one of the top ranked players in the world.
When I was little, one of my friends invited me to her birthday party. At the party, there was a hula hooping contest. I am super good at hula hooping, and I won the contest. I was given a prize, extra cake and ice cream, and money. I was happy to win, but the birthday girl was dismayed.
I wanted to plan a trip to ride my bike on a hilly path. After researching paths, I found one nearby that went up a mountain. I prepared my bike and food, and set out on the trip. The path up the mountain led to a great view where I took a picture. I rode my bike home, satisfied after a great day of riding.
Marco has been trying to lose weight ever since last fall. In order to lose weight he has cut all fried foods from his diet. However, on his birthday he decides to treat himself. Marco eats a large order of french fries from a local restaurant. He is amazed with how good they taste.
I went to McDonalds to get my favorite drink. When I arrived, they said the soda machine was broken. I left the store very dissatisfied. Instead, I stopped at the gas station on my way home. I bought the Coca-Cola I'd been craving at the gas station.
Two girls have boyfriends in isis. They joined for their boyfriends. They saw them killing people. They got nervous about it and tried to leave. ISIS killed them.
Trisha had a boyfriend. She thought she was going to love him forever. A new boy started in her class. She fell in love with him. She left her boyfriend.
Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase. He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his. At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out. The suitcase was full of money and not clothes. Joe counted the money and got very excited.
Haley and James were on a walk. They noticed a Chinese restaurant. They decided to get some food. They ordered two big plates. They ate it all in an hour.
Greg had just listened to a very popular song. After a couple of hours he realized it was stuck in his head. He kept humming the song for weeks on end. After a couple of weeks, Greg heard another popular song. Now that song's stuck in his head.
Tom was an avid outdoorsman. Tom decided to go hunting. He decided to eat what he killed. Tom shot a moose. The moose provided a year's supply of meat for Tom.
As Tina walked down the street a car drove past her. The car hit a bump in the road and its license plate fell off. The driver didn't notice and kept going. Tina picked up the plate and ran after the car. The driver didn't see her and Tina called the police to return it.
Harry like to play with fire. He lit a shoe on fire in his mother house. The shoe caught fire. It burned the house down. Harry is in a lot of trouble.
Martha was online reading a forum. Suddenly, she noticed a video link. She opened the link and began watching the video. That's when she saw that the subject of the video was really dark. She decided to close the video right away.
Kirby ran away from home. She was fine though. She was just staying at a friend's house. Her sister knew she was okay. Her sister had been texting her.
Lary planted a lemon tree. Lary thought the tree would be small. The tree grew to be over twenty feet tall! Lary had more lemons than he could use! Now Lary gives out lemons to everybody in town!
Martha was cooking a stew. She wanted to make it extra special. She put a special seasoning she had made in it. Everyone ate the dinner and loved it. 15 minutes after eating everyone fell asleep.
The girls of the church choir wanted to spice up their performance. They didn't want to do something controversial! The girls merely wanted to shake things up a little bit. They learned an inspirational pop song from the 1990s. The whole congregation loved it, knew all the words and sang along.
I lived in Texas. I tried to grow herbs but they would die in the Texas heat. My friend recommended I grow Rosemary. I decided to try it out. The rosemary was able to thrive in the heat and I was happy!
Katie and Brad visited an animal shelter together one day. They were living on their own together and longed for a companion. They saw a little black dog who was a year old. They took it outside to play and fell in love with the dog. They adopted the dog and it became a close family member.
Valerie came with her mom at the airport. She checked her suitcases and approached the airplane. The flight attendant escorted her to her designated seat. The airplane took off. Valerie's mom waved goodbye while the plane ascended in the air.
We left the door to the garage open. The cat crept into the garage. The cat fell into a box. In the morning, we heard meowing coming from the garage. The cat was glad to be rescued.
Tom was at the arcade. He noticed a machine was broken. He told someone in charge. To thank him for it they gave him free games on it all day. Tom was there until closing time.
Cassie had her family coming from out of town. She was worried because she knew they would critic her food. She took a few lessons from a local chef. Cassie had learn to cook italian food. When her family arrived she had cooked the best pasta they had tasted.
Tom was in a new city. He got a taxi to move around. Tom was charged a higher rate than normal. Tom wasn't aware and just paid. It wasn't until too late that he realized.
Lily and Steve were a couple. They had been dating for almost two Year's. One day Steve upset Lily. Lily decided to end things with Steve. Lily and Steve broke up.
Rita liked going to the movies. Rita hated that refreshments at the theater were so expensive. Rita would sneak popcorn into the theater. She would pop the popcorn at home and hide it in her purse. Eventually she was discovered by an usher and was asked to leave.
Heather wanted to take everyone on vacation including the dogs. She looked for hotels that were pet friendly in the area she wanted. Heather found a hotel that was pet friendly, but very costly. She realized that she needed to pay that much extra to bring the dogs. Heather booked the hotel and took everyone on vacation even the dogs.
Jen and Sue took their dad's boat out on the lake. Half way across they dropped one of the oars. They were stranded with no way to get back. After awhile, another boat came by. They lent them an oar so they could get back to shore.
It had been raining and slippery. Tim was walking uphill. He hit a wet spot and slipped. Tim hit his head on the concrete. It knocked him out completely.
Sam and Annie had been fighting for days. Annie left the house to get some space. Sam was so mad that he destroyed her clothes while she was gone. She came home to find her favorite tops torn up and burned. She was so angry that she dumped him immediately.
Yesterday was my birthday. I was turning 22. I decided to have a party with my friends. For the party we went to a nice restaurant. We had a blast.
Jill meets Bob online. She lies to her parents and tells them that he is a kid from school. When he picks her up he looks like he's at least 25. They go snooping in her PC and they find out that he's 30! They ground her and take her phone and PC for six months.
In sixth grade we went to the science museum for a field trip. Part of the trip was a film presentation in the omni-theater. We had been warned that some people get motion sick at this film. Nearly everybody scoffed. The boy two seats down from me vomited on the girl in front of him.
Leah and I stayed up all night talking. She was so drunk she ate an entire pizza. The next morning she was acting strange. Her boyfriend was coming to see her. Later that day he killed her.
Jill was on a large ship. She saw a beautiful, snowy mountain range. She was amazed by it. But then she woke up. Jill remembered it forever even though it was just a dream.
I decided to have popcorn last night. While making it, there was a knock at the door. I went to the window and looked out. A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door. I'm not sure raccoons can knock but this one did.
A bird few into my house through an open window. We ran around, trying to chase the bird back out. Luckily, the cat was outside at the time. We cornered the bird in the basement near one of the windows. The cat was outside the window looking confused.
Steve has taken a break from college classes for many Year's. He worries that he will never have an undergraduate degree. Finally he decides to enroll in night classes to finish his degree. He works very hard until all his courses are finished. Steve is very proud that he finished college.
Stephen was always afraid of bears. One day, he found one when he went camping. The bear was sleeping very soundly. Stephen accidentally woke the bear up. After that, Stephen had to run away as fast as possible.
Ed wanted to play varsity football. He practiced every night at home. He played football until he was exhausted. Then he tried out for the varsity team. Ed was saddened when he didn't make the cut.
This afternoon, I was very intent on going to Big Sur. I took my car and drove for hours. Midway, I stopped to take some refreshments at a diner. When I came out, it was raining. I finally arrived in the middle of a storm, but I was still happy.
Rhoda was a girl who played with matches. The adults who cared for her mistakenly left matches within her reach. Rhoda waited till she was alone and struck them. Her clothes caught on fire. She received severe burns over most of her body.
Tim had bent down to tie his shoe. While he was bent over a bowl of cereal fell off the table. Milk splattered everywhere. The bowl had broke into many pieces. Tim had accidentally hit the bowl with his elbow.
Carol wanted very much to learn how to swim. She signed up for swimming lessons and practiced often. At first, she sputtered and struggled to stay afloat. But she learned quickly, and soon challenged her pal to a race. She was so skilled, she won the contest without even trying!
Bill put his ham sandwich on the kitchen counter for a moment. When he got back from getting a drink from the fridge it was gone! He was perplexed until he saw his dog round the corner. He chased after him but it was too late. His dog scarfed down the sandwich as quickly as she could.
Kate was going to Target to buy home supplies. She saw the dollar section and decided to browse. She found toys and things for kids to enjoy. She decided to buy a pair of the sunglasses for niece and nephew. Kate was certain the kids would love them.
Manny walked down the street and crossed it. He walked three more blocks to an ice cream store. He ordered an ice cream and ate it. He read the paper. He walked home.
Brian was chopping some trees in his backyard. His little brother Sam wanted to help out. Brian gave his axe to Sam. Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down. Brian gave Sam a high five.
The kids loved getting Peter the Elf from Grandma. They were told of his special powers. Mommy and daddy needed to move him every night to keep the myth alive. It sometimes was difficult finding different spots for him. But it was something the kids looked forward to each year.
Will had a terrible dream. He dreamed that his wife had turned into a zombie. When Will woke up he felt uneasy and afraid. He switched on the light. He was relieved to see his wife sleeping soundly - as a human!
Lacy snuck into the fridge late at night to eat some cookie dough. The next morning, Lucy's mom went to make cookies. She noticed cookie dough was gone, and asked Lucy about it. Lucy lied and said she didn't eat any of it. So when her mom finished baking the cookies, Lucy couldn't have any.
Carol was driving home. She got pulled over. She wasn't speeding and was confused. The cop arrested her. He thought she was someone else.
I woke up and saw that I was 10 minutes late for school. I got dressed and ran to school. When I got there, everyone was gone. I wondered where they all were. I looked at the calendar and realized it was Saturday.
Missy had been excited to ride her bike for a long time. She went to get it only to find a flat tire. She pestered her dad for a long time to fix it. At first he ignored her. Finally weeks later he got around to the bike.
Henry always dreamed of buying a house. He saved up money for more than 20 years. Finally he was able to buy a house. It was a cheap house because it was very small. Henry lived happily alone in his house for the rest of his life.
Every winter the Miller's visit their ski lodge. The kids learn how to ski down the slopes. Their parents take turns racing the kids down the hills. The family spends time together building snowmen. The Miller's love their vacations to the ski lodge.
Rico never learned how to tie a knot in a necktie. Now Rico is graduating from college and he needs to find a job. Rico asks his father for a lesson in how to tie a necktie. At first Rico finds it confusing, but with practice he learns. Rico is happy he asked his father for help tying a knot in a necktie.
Julie and her husband were not on good terms. They'd had a horrible argument the week before. They didn't speak for days after that. Julie told him that she wanted him to move out. That sparked another argument!
Kate and her friend were finally in Las Vegas. They drove down the street in awe. It was 1 AM when they arrived. But the streets were still full of people walking and partying. Kate couldn't believe the streets were as full as the afternoon.
Micah was having a fun time coming up with short stories. It didn't hurt that they were getting paid for it too! However, after a while they found their creative juices flowing thin. They decided it would be best to take a break for a little while. But they would probably come back to write more sometime soon!
I was taking my dog for a walk. He saw a cat. He leaped forward and the leash snapped. He ran a few blocks away and I lost him. A couple of days later, he showed back up at my front door.
The friends all sat on the curb. They were waiting for the parade to come by! They watched intently as the bands and floats walked by. The caught candy when it was tossed toward them. They had a fun time at the parade!
Danny lived in a trailer with his kids. His kids didn't have a great reputation around school. One day Danny gets a call from the school. He is told one of his children had been fighting. Danny can't believe this and goes to the school to defend his kid.
Bob was wrestling with his brother. He never noticed his brothers skills for wrestling before. He was good but he knew his brother might be better. He tried to take him down but it didn't work. Bob told his brother he should join the team at school.
Bob heard a knocking sound from the vent. He peered inside to see what was the matter with it. Looking back at him was the biggest moth he'd ever seen! Bob got the fly swatter and swung it like a bat. The moth was smashed into a flat bloody splat!
Justin was nearly fifteen years old. One day his dad brought him a big paper. It was the application for a driver's permit. Justin filled it out excitedly. Soon he got his permit and he was able to start driving.
Abby owned two large turtles. Abby decided to race her turtles against one another. As they were at the starting line, Abby noticed something. Abby saw both of her turtles going the opposite direction. Abby laughed, as she realized her turtles did not want to be racing.
I was 12 years old. I went skiing with my family. I went off on my own on the mountain. I took a black diamond trail. I had a very bad accident.
My son in law played with knives when he was ten. One day he was flipping a knife. It landed in his leg. He did not tell his father, who was strict. He waited for his mother to come out of the shower to help him.
Cathy wanted to try infusing her water. Cathy decided she would try adding orange zest to her water. Cathy let the water sit in the refrigerator overnight before drinking. The next day, Cathy tried her orange zest infused water. Cathy loved the water so much, she made another batch for tomorrow.
Cassidy feels sad that he may never have children. However, he hasn't met a woman he wants to have kids with. A friend recommends he try adopting a son instead. He adopts a son and becomes a great father. Cassidy is very happy that he became a father.
Ann's cat Cora was sprayed by a skunk. Ann knew she would have to bathe Cora. Sure enough, Cora resisted! But Ann managed to scrub her clean. Soon Cora was dry and sweet-smelling once again!
Kira loves her red wagon. She asked her parents if she could ride in the wagon. Her parents said yes. Kira rode in her wagon to the park. She thanked her parents and was very happy.
John bought a new all wheel drive truck. He was excited to take it off road. He invited other friends with trucks to go with him. They went outside the city areas. John had a lot of fun with his new truck.
Pepper was having a difficult time is her Chemistry class. She decided to go to the tutoring center to get some help. The tutor spoke to Pepper in a way she easily understood. To celebrate passing the class, Pepper invited her tutor to dinner. Dinner went great and they have been best friends ever since.
Mila loved grilling. She decided to try a new burger recipe. She grilled the patty carefully. Then she piled the toppings on. Mila couldn't wait to take a bite!
Carol hated playing sports at school. She wasn't good and every other kid knew. When it came down to pick teams she was always last. It hurt her feelings knowing nobody wanted her. So last week she pretended to be sick to get out of it.
Sarah was making a birthday cake for her husband. She had bought him a little balloon too. When the cake was ready, she put the balloon on it. Then, she began lighting candles. Suddenly, the heat from the candles made the balloon melt.
A man pulled the handle on the slot machine. The reels came to a stop. The machine lit up and made a lot of noise. Coins began to drop from the machine. The man jumped for joy.
Old Man Donner's pond always froze over in the winter. The local school children never failed to take advantage. Sandra was one such child. She spent all afternoon skating on that pond. She loved it very much and would always remember that day.
Tim got an adorably cute little male kitten from the animal shelter. The kitten made Tim laugh and laugh, and loved playing with it. He wanted the kitten to have a funny and descriptive name. That night the kitten coughed up a hairball and Tim got an idea. He decided to name his funny little kitten Hairball Harry!
Jenny, a kindergarten teacher, had a colorful new outfit. When asked his opinion, her husband praised it. Her mother claimed to like it, too. But when Jenny wore it to school, the children laughed. Though embarrassed, Jenny admired their innocent candor.
I was moving to another state almost 1,000 miles away. I did not want to drive that far in my car and decided to ship it. The shipper, who was a large man, arrived to load my car. He had to squeeze out of my car window once it was loaded. I tried very hard not to laugh after he got out of the car.
Ray was very forgetful. So when he decided to cook oatmeal, he left it unattended. 30 minutes later, he noticed a pot of oatmeal on the stove. He thought it would be ruined. But it was the best oatmeal he ever tasted.
Lisa suspected her brother was reading her diary. So she wrote that their parents were planning a party for him. The day of his birthday, he seemed extra excited. Then sad when the day passed and there was no party. Lisa felt bad that she had fooled him like that.
Jane smoked a pack of cigarettes a day. It was a habit everyone wanted her to quit. She never really cared. Eventually she lost her job and didn't have as much money. Jane had to give up smoking for the extra cash.
Oliver loved cheese. When he went in France, he was in heaven trying all the cheeses. One day though he tried blue cheese. He got so sick, he had to go to the hospital. He had forgotten that blue cheese had penicillin in it.
Hillary needed a new job. She felt like she was good with people. She decided to look for a job in sales. Hillary got an interview for a sales job right away. Hillary now works in medical sales.
My wife's brother-in-law died in 2016. He was 90. Today was his birthday. His grandniece wrote a post on FB. The family liked the post.
Ali's favorite band was coming to town to play a concert. He waited in line for two days for tickets. When the tickets went on sale, he was first in line. He bought the tickets for himself and his friends. It was worth it, as the concert was amazing.
Jim had just recently moved into a new home. He wanted to decorate his home. He went to his local hardware store. He bought a baby maple tree. Jim went home and planted the tree in his front yard.
Molly was visiting her grandma. She noticed a big apple tree in the yard. Her grandma asked if she'd like to pick apples. Molly said yes. They spent the whole afternoon picking them.
The Sharks had a game against the Fins on Sunday. The Sharks goalie was hurt and couldn't play. James was asked to fill in. Everyone cheered him on. James blocked every shot and skyrocketed to superstar status.
It was forecast to rain that day. The kids were sad to stay indoors. Soon the rain began to fall and the wind began to blow. Quickly it was hailing and lightning and then the power went out. Soon it ended, but the power was still out for many hours that day.
Glen's car just broke down. He needs to get a new car now. He takes $7000 out of his savings account. He buys a used car for cash. Glen has a new car now with no monthly payments.
The dog barked all night. The neighbor complained. The police talked to the owners. The owners agreed to keep the dog indoors. The dog did not bark while it was inside.
Sarah was a very meticulous girl. She woke up in the morning and made the bed. She carefully prepared breakfast for herself. Cleaned up afterwards thoroughly. Then she went to work to her job as a butcher.
Gilbert usually liked staying in the city. His friends occasionally visited the countryside but Gilbert did not. One day they convinced him to take a drive out to the country. When he got there, Gilbert loved tree and the clean air. Gilbert enjoyed it so much he decided to move to the country.
Gina was alone in her room when the handle fell off. She couldn't reach it on the other side of the door. She opened the window and called for help. But there was no one outside to hear her. She waited in the window for 10 minutes hoping someone would walk by.
My wife was on Western Ave in Brighton today. She passed by our favorite sub shop. She bought two steak and cheese subs. I ate my sub with great pleasure. I was stuffed that night.
I was in a diving competition when I was younger. I stepped up to the diving board and I was very nervous. I realized that the competition is supposed to be for fun. I wasn't nervous anymore and I jumped. I got a great score and had a great time.
Laura really wanted to go to the zoo. She was hoping to ride a camel while there, but nothing was certain. When we finally got to the zoo it was hot and crowded with families. We walked around for a bit and she got to ride the camel! When we were leaving the zoo she said she had a great time!
I was bored in my room one day. I didn't want to play video games or watch tv. I didn't know what to do, so I picked up the guitar. I played guitar for about an hour. I was still bored, so I stopped.
I had been craving a sweet crunchy apple all morning. My boyfriend had gone to the store so he picked up a few for me. When he returned, he handed my a big red apple. I sank my teeth into it with disappointment. It was mushy.
Abe was carrying a paper bag of groceries from his car. The bag ripped and spilled a lot of cans into the snow. Abe laughed as his chili and soup rolled around on the white snow. He thought it was pretty funny, and didn't let it bug him. He put on some gloves and picked up all the cans.
Scott had forty five minutes to spare during his lunch break. He went across the street to the outdoors store and looked at canoes. A salesman came up to Scott and told him the canoes were on sale. Scott bought a canoe at fifty percent off. Scott never expected to buy a canoe on his short lunch break!
Donald made a speech. The crowd clapped at the end. Donald remembered that feeling. Donald gave another speech. He recalled the feeling of people clapping.
The kids planted carrots in their garden. When it was time to harvest them, they dug them all up. They were big and delicious! They snacked on them every day. They plan on planting even more next year!
There was someone who took care of the elderly. He was always quite good at dealing with them. However one day he was tired. The elderly were quite demanding. He went to get a coffee and was able to get through the day.
John was riding a rollercoaster. He was very scared but decided to give it a try. Suddenly, the car became stuck on the track. He was terrified, and began to panic. Luckily, the ride was fixed quickly.
Shawn was excited for the new video game system. He was getting it shipped to his house. Shawn waited all day for it. Finally it came with a new video game. Shawn played the rest of the day and night.
Scott and his brother Jeremy were playing in their backyard. They decided to build an igloo out of the snow. They began forming and stacking bricks. Slowly their igloo began to take shape. Soon they had a huge round igloo to play in!
My sister has always wanted to be a princess. She used to dress up in princess dresses all the time. She told me that I had to call her a princess. Eventually, I told her that she was dumb for pretending. She told my parents and I ended up getting in trouble.
Hillary and her friends drove to the woods to go camping. After arriving to the campsite, they set up camp. It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark. When it got dark, Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees. They became so terrified that they abandoned camp and drove home.
Justin had been gifted an artificial Christmas tree. Along with the tree came a pile of tangled lights. He untangled them all and tried them out. Half of the lights were burnt out, though. Luckily, he had enough to light his tree pretty well.
I was 8 years old. My brother got me tickets for my birthday. The concert was to Bon jovi. My brother and I had a great time. We all sang Livin on a prayer afterwards.
Fran nervously awaited the judge's result for the lamb judging. She really wanted to win a ribbon for her lamb, Edna. The results were being announced. Fran crossed her fingers. Edna had received second place and a red ribbon.
My sister bred puppies. We got to have first pick of the liter. We chose a little girl. She was the most playful. We took her home and made her a part of the family.
Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot.
There was a new art exhibit. Janice decided to go see it. She walked around enjoying the art. Then, she complimented the artist. Then, she went home.
Jimmy went to a bar by the beach. The bouncer wouldn't let him in. Jimmy and the bouncer got into an argument. The bouncer asked management to call the police. Jimmy sat alone on the beach.
Matt got a new job. He has to work with people with developmental disabilities. He had to bathe them. He was upset that he had to clean feces. He decided to quit.
Rachel needed a new computer. She found that the type of computer she needed was really pricey. Rachel decided to babysit on the weekends on top of her job. After a month, Rachel had made a lot of money babysitting. She was finally able to buy the computer she needed.
When Annie saw Fred for the first time it was love at first sight. She stopped in her tracks. When they laid eyes on each other it was fireworks. Free then asked Annie out. Annie said yes.
My sister in law Edwina's daughter smokes. She also does not make a lot of money. My sister in law gives her packs on occasion. Edwina hides the pack in the mailbox. She does not want her daughter's boyfriend to get the cigarettes.
Nathan wanted to watch a movie with his friend. He popped some popcorn. He put drinks on the table. His friend never showed up. He had to watch the movie all by himself.
Tina and her sister got out of school early. She thought they would be picked up promptly. All the sudden though they waited three hours. Still no dad in sight. But when they called their dad he forgot and had to leave work.
A drop of condensation slid down the outside of the glass pitcher. Dottie grasped the handle and poured herself a cup of lemonade. She gulped and gulped the cool tangy drink. The liquid soothed her parched throat. Dottie was ready to venture out into the sun drenched day.
Nan and her friends ordered lots of Chinese takeout for dinner. They had a lot of white rice left over after dinner! Nan decided to make dessert with it. She cooked it up into a big pot of sweet rice pudding. After the savory Chinese, the sweet pudding was a perfect treat!
Dan had just started his first job now that he was 16. He would always volunteer when someone called in sick. Dan worked very hard to save up money for his first car. He finally saved enough to look at cars in the dealership. Dan purchased his dream car with the money he saved up.
Martha's clothes were piling up and she had to do the laundry. She put her dirty clothes in the washer. As she waited for the cycle to finish she heard a loud THUD. Water and soap suds were spilling out of her washer! She stopped the machine and cleaned up the mess.
Tom ordered a pizza. The delivery guy took him the wrong one. It was better than what Tom ordered. They let him keep it and gave him a coupon. Tom was pleasantly surprised.
Jimmy made a nuclear reactor in his garage. He ended up overloading the power grid. The cops pulled up to his house. They saw his reactor and were amazed. They let him go because they were so impressed.
Larry was playing ping pong with his dad. He hated to lose to his dad every time they played. Larry decided to cheat. He gave his dad a broken ping pong paddle to use. Larry was able to beat his dad for the very first time.
Ben had been invited to a concert with his friends. But he'd never been to a concert and he was nervous! He considered declining the invitation. Finally, his friends convinced him to go. Ben went with them and ended up having a great time!
I wanted to crochet a scarf. I sat down and began my work. I crocheted after work for many days. When I decided I was finished, I tried the scarf on. I'd made it way too long!
Bill and his friends tried to cut a tree in front of his house. They grabbed a large saw and started to cut several branches. The top of the tree fell on the house. The roof had a large hole since it broke apart. Bill's wife was beyond frustrated.
Anna got a mosquito bite. She scratched it a lot. It got infected! Her mom had to take her to a doctor. There, Anna was given antibiotics.
Robbie rode a motorcycle to work every day. One day he wasn't paying attention while riding his motorcycle. His motorcycle got hit by a truck at an intersection. Robbie broke both of his legs in the accident. His co workers raised money to help him with his hospital bills.
Maria had a fever. She went to the doctor. They prescribed her antibiotics. She took the antibiotics and slept a lot. She felt great the next day.
Lisa lived in an apartment with her husband, Jared. For the longest time, she'd detested doing the dishes. Jared went browsing the internet. He bought her a dishwasher which sat on the counter top. Now Lisa doesn't complain about doing the dishes.
Tom, a pianist, moved in next door to me. I thought I would get the chance to hear beautiful music all day long. Unfortunately, Tom only practiced the discordant parts. Instead of beautiful music, I heard only jarring noises. Every time he plays the piano, I grit my teeth.
I got a new iPad. Only thing I needed was a keyboard. I searched many places. I couldn't find one. Finally I found one.
When Ted got home from work, he noticed a broken window. He went inside warily to discover his house had been ransacked. Electronics, some cash, and also some jewelry was missing. Ted called the police, frantic and upset. A few days later, a transient man was arrested for the crime.
A science team worked on research. They found out about robots. They decided to build one. They got funding. The robot spoke to people.
Today I saw a baby bird. The bird was in a tree. The mother bird was teaching the baby bird. She dropped the bird out of the nest. The baby bird flew away.
Jamie got her dad's gun from the top drawer in his room. She inspected it to see if it was loaded or not. Confident with her inspection, she went outside with it. She raised it up in the air, and pulled the trigger. She hit a bullseye on the target set up out in her yard.
Two friends loved the color purple. The decided to make a gang for purple shirt lovers. They wore the same purple shirt all around town. A man stopped them and asked if they were lovers. One friend said that they were just apart of the Purple Shirt Gang.
Rene wanted to take piano lessons. Although she was fifty, she still wanted to learn. She ended up impressing everyone. When Rene was done with the lessons she had a recital. She got a standing ovation.
Ned saw that some of his classmates could not afford lunch. He felt bad for them. So he started to pack celery and peanut butter for them. Then he distributed them to the hungry children. They were so happy and grateful to Ned!
Conan was a bright red headed man. He was a funny man and wanted to host a show. The network decided it was time for him to get his own show. Conan was ready to take on the role. Conan loved his new job and show.
Chad was with his buddy at the store. Chad was a very poor kid compared to his buddies. His buddies got some chips and dip. Chad knew he couldn't afford it. So chad stuck the dip in his pocket and walked out of the store.
One day, I took my friend to get bubble tea. He had never had it before. He was surprised to find tapioca pearls in his cup. I explained that they were supposed to be there. He learned to like it.
Greg was starting his new job today. He didn't know what to expect of the experience. Greg was really nervous about his new position. He started and had a really great first day. Greg learned not to be so nervous.
Amanda was the best runner in her school. She won all the races without trying that hard. There was a big race coming up. Amada was sure she would win, so she didn't bother training. When the race came, Amanda lost to a girl who had trained her hardest.
My friend, Nate, and I went to his parents house. He wanted to show me that he was good at soccer. He took a ball from his basement and started juggling it. He missed the ball once, slipped, and fell on the ground. We still make fun of him to this day.
Katy was so excited for prom, she already had a date, and her tickets. The only thing missing was the perfect dress. She went to the mall with a group of friends to start the search. After 4 stores and over 20 dresses she finally found the perfect one. Her friends gasped as she walked out and she knew, it was perfect.
Ben had never been skiing, so he planned a trip to go. He rented short training skis to learn on and picked it up quickly. He started going down larger runs, and liked going fast. Short skis can't handle high speeds, and he injured himself falling. Now, he knows to do research on top of making an itinerary.
Metzen was a depraved individual. It wasn't enough for him to succeed, he had to see others fail. One day his greed overcame his senses. In a fit of madness, he created a terrible video game. Everyone who played, wanted Metzen dead.
Marvin loved to sing karaoke. Unfortunately, he couldn't carry a tune in a bucket. His friends encouraged him to find another hobby. He learned he was an amazing kite flyer. He was thrilled to find another fun hobby.
Gary had invited his aunt and uncle to dinner at his house. Gary was nervous, though, because he had a parrot that liked to cuss. Sure enough, at dinner they all overheard the parrot cursing away! However, his aunt and uncle found it funny and laughed the whole time. Gary was relieved that they weren't offended.
He tried to get into his closet. He turned the knob, but it fell off in his hand. He cursed angrily, getting his tools. He removed the door from the frame. He announced that he would never allow a door there again.
All my family got together for Thanksgiving last night. Even my aunt and uncle Sherbert came. We all had a lot of food. We drank plenty of wine. Everyone had fun and we plan to do it again next year.
Bill was not hungry during lunch. So he left his sandwich in his backpack. It was the weekend. So when he got home, he left his backpack in his closet. A few days later, he noticed a horrible smell.
Sam went out for lunch. His bill came out to thirteen bucks. For change he got a five and two dollar bills. Sam didn't know if he should tip two or five dollars. He wound up leaving five to be nice.
Amy was happy to have more hours at work. She went from 2 to 5 shifts a week. Each day she arrived and worked hard. After her first week she was very tired. Amy hadn't realized how much work gift wrapping could be.
Erin punched the wall. She made a hole the shape of her fist. She bought some putty to fix the hole. She fixed the hole. She worked on her anger management.
I have played violin for three years. I love to play my violin. Last year I joined an orchestra. I got to play a solo for our concert at the end of the year! My parents were very proud of me.
Yesterday was a very long and tiring day. When I got home I wanted nothing more than a hot shower. As soon as I got out I collapsed on my comfortable bed. I fell straight to sleep within minutes of laying down. Suddenly at 3:00am I simply woke right up and couldn't sleep again.
Brian and jasmine are at a party. Brian tries hitting on jasmine. Jasmine was not having it though. She poured her drink on Brian. Brian was dismayed.
Alice was cooking something on her stove. She stepped away from the pan to use the bathroom. While she wasn't watching, the pan burst into flames! The whole house was consumed by fire. Alice barely made it out alive.
Benjamin enjoyed going fishing with his grandfather as a kid. They would pick a new location to go to every summer. Benjamin liked seeing who would catch the biggest fish. Even after his grandfather passed he continued the tradition. He now takes his own grandchildren to create memories for themselves.
Tim was all over Twitter. He followed a lot of politicians. He would get drunk and send insults to them. After a while many people started getting upset with him. Tim eventually had his account banned.
I was walking on the street. A cat approached me. Since it seemed friendly, I gave it some food. A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me. Since they were looking for that cat, they offered me an award.
The Bonds were ready to plant this year's vegetable garden. They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed. After preparing the soil they deposited the plants in the ground. A few weeks had passed and they saw that the plants were thriving. Three months  later they were preparing meals with the vegetables.
The waiter took the order from a table and wrote it down. He then got a text message from his friend. The waiter was so distracted he forgot to put the order in. A long time passed and the customers were angry. The waiter panicked and blamed the kitchen.
I was sitting outside with a friend drinking outside a parking lot. We had just bought it, decided on drinking one as we talked. When out of nowhere, the cops pulled up to me. They demanded ID, and to pour out the alcohol at once. Before I knew it, I was in cuffs and arrested for trespassing.
Bill moved to Arizona and bought his first stucco house. The house had concrete roofing tiles with a life of over 50 years. After he lived in the house ten years, the roof started leaking. It did not seem right, what about the fifty year life? However, the tiles did not fail, the tar paper under the tiles did.
Carla came over to my house to do a craft project. She brought her daughter Faith with her. Faith was very interested in the needlework we were doing. She asked if she could help. She chose the colors because she is too young to work with needles.
Tiffani was making her bed. She put the sheets on and folded them nicely. She loved the feeling of fresh sheets. She slid into her bed and rested her head on the pillow. She knew she'd sleep well tonight!
Maggie's kitten loved her treats. In fact, her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them. So, Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard. One day, Maggie came home to kitten treats all over the floor. Her little kitten had jumped up and knocked the bag onto the floor.
Rick took a flight from New York to India. The flight was long with only one layover. He barely slept on the plane. He arrived in India. He was so sleepy that he got robbed on the Indian streets.
Dee lit the cigarette. He had been waiting all day, so he inhaled slowly. He felt the smoke course its way through his respiratory system. Finally, he exhaled. He felt the familiar tingle start at his fingertips.
Ronnie was driving a large truck on the highway. He was tired and wasn't paying attention to the signs. He failed to see the sign that warned of a low overpass ahead. Ronnie's truck was too tall to clear the overpass. Ronnie got fired after he wrecked the truck.
Larry wanted to be First Chair in Band Class. He went to tryouts and failed at getting First Chair. The teacher told him to practice more. He went home and practiced continuously. The next time he had tryouts he got First Chair by a landslide.
Jason bought a new motorcycle last week. He decided to go riding through the mountains. It was a great view but he was traveling too fast. The bike slid out of control and Jason hurt himself. He learned that day to ride responsibly.
Fred loved bikes. He decided he wanted a bike tattoo. He drove to the parlor. When he was done it hurt. He thought the pain was worth it though.
Craig opened an e-mail that was too good to be true. Someone told him about $50,000 in a bank account he could withdraw. Next, Craig would deposit half the amount in another bank account. Craig did the scam and it worked! Police showed up on Craig and demanded he return all of the money.
Kelly's project was due today. Yet Kelly had been sick. She really needed an extension. She asked her teacher for an extension. Luckily her teacher said yes.
Sam got into an argument with his parents. He ran off to his room. As he went to close the door a strong wind slammed it. His parents blamed him for it. He was grounded when they didn't believe him.
There was a guy who kept saying that humans can't change the world. He meant that quite literally, that nothing we did had any effect. He said releasing millions of years of stored carbon was fine. He was sure that industrial accidents fixed themselves. Everyone just shook their heads at his crazy ideas.
Ken really need some paper towels. He drove up to the dollar store for a quick trip. The dollar store was having a mega sale! He filled his cart up, checked out, and went home. When he got home he got mad, he had forgot the paper towels.
Cece's plumbing was out in her apartment. Her ex boyfriend invited her to stay with him. He was still in love with her. Over a few days she began to have feelings for him. They ended up getting back together.
The Smith family was going on vacation. The were unable to take their dog with them. Mrs Smith was nervous about boarding the dog in a kennel. A neighbor told her about the DogVacay website. Mrs Smith used the website to find a local family that would dog-sit.
The work day was almost over so I walked to the time clock. Today there wasn't a line, just a single person waiting. We sat there together, watching the time click by. Finally the time came to clock out and we were both excited. With one fell swoop I slid my card and went home!
Kelly was putting up the ornaments on her tree. She wanted each one to be perfect. However to her dismay, one of the ornaments fell. As soon as she dropped it, she went to sweep it up. Kelly vowed to be more careful next time.
Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts. She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree. To her delight, there were a dozen gifts with her name on them. Janet immediately opened every gift she could get her hands on. She was thrilled that she got everything she asked for the holidays.
George was supposed to ride a ferry one day. When he went to board he noticed his ticket was missing. He searched everywhere for the ticket. Before long, the ferry had left without him. Luckily he was able to replace his ticket and catch a later ferry.
Val was a bully and she knew it. A girl she picked on had learned Karate. Val could no longer pester the girl. She was furious the girl had pinned her in front of her class. Val vowed she would find a way to get the girl back.
One of my chores is picking up the family's garbage. I have to gather it on trash day from all over the house. First I do the upstairs, then the downstairs. This week I missed a can. My dad got on my case for not handling his garbage well enough.
Cory raced dirt bikes with her dad. He told her that next year, he'd let her race at the county fair. Cory practiced all year long. She could beat her dad every time. When it was time to compete in a real race, she was ready.
James' tire on his car was getting low. He took it to the gas station to put air in it. A few hours later, it was low again. James had to take it to the tire service center. He's glad to have the tire fixed now.
Gina was at her her grandma's house. Her mom, dad, and siblings were at her Uncle Clyde's house. Gina didn't want to go with, but without them she was bored. She called her uncle's house to find out when they would return. When she heard the music blaring she knew it was no time soon.
We went out for a date night last weekend. We had not done that for a long time. My mother babysat the children. We went to a movie. It was nice to spend time together.
I went home from visiting our neighbor to talk to the kids. I explained to them that we have to be aware of danger around us. However, I told them they should never judge a book by its cover. My special needs son understood this on a personal level. He soon developed a close kinship with the unusual neighbor.
Rena thought she needed to buy a new car. She went out car shopping and looked at all kinds of models. She really liked one of the sports cars she test drove. When she got out she looked at the price. Rena decided she didn't need a new car after all.
Tati stayed in her bed all day. When Mina came over, she took Tati to the mall. They came back during the night time. Tati's mom noticed a weird mark behind Tati's back. She yelled at Tati since the mark was a tattoo.
When Jane went to Tokyo, she got lost the first day there. The address system was so complicated, she couldn't find anything. She asked a local to help her find her bearings. It turned out that the apartment she wanted was almost next door. She thanked the nice Japanese man and went to her destination.
Bob sent an email to the local mailing list with his remaining items. He thanked everyone who had already bought some of his stuff. Bob hoped that he'd be able to sell the rest. Otherwise, he'd have to put them in storage. Bob winced at the thought of needing to pack even more stuff.
Cam wanted a pet. He found a stray dog. He lured it home and fed it. The dog licked his face. Cam knew the dog loved him!
Rosa Parks got on the bus after a hard day at work. She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her. Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there. She was forcefully removed from the bus. This inspired a bus boycott that helped win civil rights in the US.
John sat on his porch every afternoon. One day the sky was green and winds felt strong. Out of nowhere a tornado appeared and headed towards the house. John feared for his life and ran inside. He came up after 20 minutes and his house was fine.
Florian wanted to ride a horse. He considered lessons. He decided that lessons would be too expensive. He rode a pony ride at a carnival. Florian figured that was close enough.
Jane saw a cat while walking home. It followed her all the way. Jane felt bad and fed it. The cat kept returning. Eventually Jane kept it as a pet.
Last day of school in Kindergarten all the students were given a toy. My toy was a little package that said 'Rattlesnake Eggs.'. It came with a rubber band and a piece of plastic. I did not understand how the toy worked and I was very upset. When I got home my Dad showed me how to set up my toy and I was happy.
Dave the mugger grabbed a person off the street to mug. Dave took out his folding knife to intimidate the person. Dave struggled to open the knife blade. It was rusted shut and he could not brandish it. The victim laughed at Dave and ran away.
Sam was trying to fix his light bulb. But his chair wasn't high enough. So he stood on his table. He tried to reach for the light bulb. But the table broke underneath him.
Every year, Jason takes his partner to the same place. Despite moving away, he will book flights to the place they first met. This place was a bar in London but they'd moved to the US. This year, they arrived to find the place was shut down. There is now a 5 star restaurant there, so it worked out for the best.
Blake slacked, but enjoyed video games immensely. He was what one would call a member of the idle rich community. Blake was self-involved until one day a local arcade went bankrupt. He funded it and vowed to care for it and keep it alive for the town. His obsession had turned the hobby into a catalyst for more purpose.
Tom was at the bar for new years. He didn't have anybody to kiss at midnight. He asked a pretty girl at the bar if she would like to. She turned him down. Tom just stared at the countdown on tv instead.
I hate sneezing in class. Everyone looks at me with a disgusting look. I say excuse me, but it didn't seem to do much. Everyone stays away from me. I just look away and try to not make eye contact.
It was Tom's first day of class. Tom was trying to find a parking spot. He couldn't find one. He finally found one. He got to class on time.
Sue was nervous to take her driving test. However, she passed with flying colors. The instructor was impressed with Sue's skills. He gave Sue her new license and waved goodbye. As Sue waved back, she backed up into  the mailbox!
We used to live by a pond. My friend Gary claimed the pond had big carp. He tried to catch one, without success. One year they drained the pond and found a lot of carp. My friend said he knew that would be the case.
Tom was a computer science major. He ironically had an old computer. It could barely keep up with his workload. Tom's parents bought him a new one for his birthday. Tom was so happy he cried.
Jerome wanted to buy a gift for his sick little brother. His brother had to stay at the hospital due to his illness. Jerome decided to buy his brother a video game system. The system allowed people to play games together online. Jerome could now play games even when his friends were far away.
The floor in my apartment was a mess. I took a broom to clean it up. The dust made me sneeze a lot. I decided to buy a vacuum cleaner. After that, I was able to clean easily.
Billy went to the fair with his family. While he was there, he saw a game that caught his eye. Upon inspection, Billy saw an enormous bear that he fell in love with. Billy tried to win the game in 5 tries, and won on the 4th. After Billy won, he immediately chose the bear.
Lucy was so excited that she got tickets for Fifth Harmony. She told all her friends to come join her. When the show was over, the girls went to meet the group. Fifth Harmony was incredibly nice to them. Lucy thought it was an event of a lifetime.
Amy wanted to open a cupcake shop in her town. She only knew how to bake from a box, not from scratch. She bought a cookbook and watched videos on YouTube. Amy bought the ingredients to make her first batch of cupcakes. Amy worked hard and was proud her cupcakes came out well.
Rosa was very upset that she didn't know how to cook. Her single mother worked all the time and hadn't taught her how. Rosa decided to ask her friend Alyssa's mom to teach her. Alyssa's mom was happy to help and they began lessons right away. Rosa's mom was really surprised when she came home and dinner was made!
Suzy went with her friends to the club. Suzy did not want to have fun with her bag on her shoulder. So she set it down. But unfortunately the bag was stolen. Suzy freaked out and asked everyone at the club to look for it.
Dan was in the process of renovating his house. However, Dan's contractor gave him some bad news. Dan was told he needed a new roof for his house. Dan also learned that the roof was going to cost $15,000. Dan was dismayed to spend so much money for a new roof.
Elle and Ray did not want to go on a traditional honeymoon. They wanted to go somewhere exotic. They did not go to the Caribbean. Instead, they went to Asia! Elle and Ray saw strange new cultures, and loved it!
I got detention for the first time in 12th grade. It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before. I took the slip to my mom for her to sign. I sat in the room and read quietly. I left the room with a load off my shoulders.
Aya was going on her first plane ride. She was heading to her first job in Japan. She was afraid at first. But when she got on the plane she was pleasantly surprised. Flying, she found, was actually delightful!
I wanted to do a different thing than the usual. I got into my car and went on the road. I stopped at a blockbuster video store. I went inside and rented a movie. I brought the movie home and watched the whole thing.
I loved potato chips. I wanted to create my own flavor of chips. I decided to make some beer flavored chips. Alas, they were disgusting. I realized I should let the professionals stick to making chips.
Fred was getting very nervous because he wanted to propose. He had been with his girlfriend for a few years. But he wanted to be her husband. So he got her down on one knee and asked her. She said yes right away and started to cry.
Jimmy wasn't tired at his bedtime. His mom told him to go to sleep. He stayed up late reading books under the cover. He eventually went to sleep. He was very tired at school the next day.
While taking care of kids, Kim heard the warning siren sound outside. She had some children playing and some sleeping. She gathered the older kids and took them to a safe room. She ran and got the two babies out of the playpens and to safety. They waited in the room until the sirens stopped blaring.
Raj was making naan bread in the clay oven. He had to be quick or the heat burned his hands. Raj was distracted by a pretty girl entering his restaurant. Raj burned his hand badly. The girl came up to him and kissed his hand to make it better.
Kelly was in the mood for a fruity, tasty treat. It was hot out, so she popped some grapes in the freezer. When they froze, she snacked on them one by one. She even added a few to her soda to keep it cold! Kelly loved her frozen grape treats.
Jodie ha a day off from school. She wanted to use her time off to go skiing. Jodie went to the ski slopes hoping to ski in the afternoon. Jodie was disappointed because the ski slopes were very crowded. Jodie decided not to ski and used her afternoon to build a snowman.
James was a stubborn child. Early one morning his mother woke him up to do some chores. James refused and went back to bed. Later, his mother woke him again to take a shower. James refused yet again and ignored her.
Michelle has a daughter named Sienna. Sienna was born in January. Sienna's birthday is coming up soon. Michelle wanted to buy something special for Sienna for her birthday. Today Michelle bought Sienna a baby doll.
We had a tradition when I was young. We would hang this glass pickle on the Christmas tree. Then on Christmas morning we had to find it. Whomever found it first would win a prize. It was always so much fun.
I heard in the news yesterday that a parade float crashed. Luckily no one was injured. The news said that it was due to poor construction. The company that built it was sued almost immediately. They lost 25 million dollars.
I was running around town doing errands on a blustery day. Then I had a flat tire, dressed in a long skirt. I know how to change a tire so I was attempting to do it. Only problem was I was not wearing undies under that long skirt. Thank goodness some guys helped me before the wind blew up my skirt.
John had a big homework assignment due. He made sure to finish it early. He printed it out and had it ready to go. The morning it was due John couldn't find it. He flunked the assignment.
Dutch braids were all the rage now. Kelly wanted to try them on herself. So she looked up a video. She proceeded to try. But they looked terrible on her.
Suzie owned John money. John threatened to sue Susie if she didn't pay. Suzie didn't pay. John sued Suzie. The courts made Suzie pay.
Kate invited me to a party. She also said that the party was simple. I felt comfortable and decided to go. However, everyone started to smoke when I was there. I left quickly and told Kate that I had an emergency.
Tom was at an ice cream shop. The person in front of him was trying all the flavors. They were going about it slowly. Tom asked them to hurry up. They begrudgingly did so.
Sam was bored one day. He decided to drive around. He had no real place to go. Eventually he realized he was wandering alone. Sam turned around and went home.
Milford Wembley once owned a factory. It processed green beans and beets. One day an inspector came and gave his beans a poor rating. Wembley tried to bribe him. The inspector instead had him arrested for corruption.
Bill's father only got an 8th grade education. Bill encouraged his father to go back to school. His father heeded his advice and went to high school He worked hard, and graduated top of his class. Bill's father now has plans to go to college.
Bill stood in front of the fire department Board. He wanted to put five thousand gallons of propane on his property. He planned to lease the tank space to a local propane company. Bill made his case in front of the Board for their approval. The Board collectively shrugged and granted it.
Susan went for a morning job. She began to job down her favorite bike trail. As she jogged, she saw a skinny kitten laying in the grass. She scooped the kitten up and took her home with her. Susan kept the kitten and enjoyed her new pet for many Year's.
A man once asked a stranger for the leftover slice. The stranger denied vulgarly. Later a homeless man was asked for the one slice he had left. He happily gave the little he have. He was rewarded with money for his selfless act.
Kayla had been looking forward to learning to drive for years. Her parents let her practice in parking lots, but not near home. They were worried she'd wreck and damage something. But finally Kayla convinced them she could drive down their street. They regretted allowing it when she ran over the neighbor's mailbox.
Chelsea and her friends were going out on the town. It was a Bachelorette Party for their friend Christine. They went to multiple bars, getting drunker as the night went on. Eventually they started doing sloppy, drunken karaoke. They had to take an Uber home.
Lucy was embarrassed by her black eye. The swelling had gone down, but it was still bruised. She decided to try and cover it with makeup. She sat in the mirror for 20 minutes applying foundation. In the end the caked on foundation couldn't hide the bruising.
Diego went to the store to buy an ugly Christmas sweater. They sold kits to make your own so he bought one. He spent all night making his own ugly sweater. When he wore it to work he got a lot of compliments. They were surprised when Diego said he made it himself.
I bought a new grill to barbecue on. I left it in the back yard. When I went back there it was gone. I looked all over my back yard for my new grill. I finally found it being fired up at my neighbor's house.
Erin planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework. But he didn't feel very motivated to finish it. His break ended lasting 2 hours. And he struggled to finish his homework on time. Erin regret taking such a long break.
Susan applied to study abroad in two countries. Admissions said she'd been accepted to both programs! They said she had to choose one. France was cheaper than England. Susan chose France.
Ed wanted to be a fighter. He trained in special classes every weekend. Soon he was strong and buff. Then he joined a fighting league. Soon he was fighting on national TV!
I was back squatting in the gym. For some reason, it was hurting my back. I asked a trainer to look at my form. He told me I was leaning forward too much. After fixing my lean, my back stopped hurting!
Timmy packed his bag and got on the bus. He felt someone tugging his ear. He turned and saw a pretty girl. It was his classmate Rosie. He smiled and she smiled back.
Fran applied to be in a research study at her university. It paid well for just some tests and then an MRI scan. She was rejected because of her metal hip implant. She was told that the MRI might kill her. She decided that it was probably for the best that she was rejected.
Doug loved to play mean pranks on everyone at work. He would jump out from behind at desk and scare Marianne. As Ernie would sit down, Doug would roll Ernie's chair back. Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard. Imagine Doug's surprise when he got fired.
Ben and rick love working out. They decided to go to a new gym. The gym stated that they can't work out unless they pay a one time fee. They paid it together. They worked out happily.
Two old men played chess on Fridays. The chess was good but the talks were better, such is friendship. One showed up to the park and sat down waiting for his friend. He waited for the sun to go down before finally going home. Two old men used to play chess on Fridays.
Jen loved to stay informed by reading the news. She read the news from lots of different sources. She liked the news so much, that she started a current events blog. Jen's  blog had a wide variety of news contents and opinions. Due to the wide variety of news on the blog, it became successful.
Tracy E Warren keeps his house cleaner than any woman. I watched him vacuum, dust and mop his whole house. I looked under his bathroom cabinets for cleaning clues. I looked in his kitchen cupboards but found nothing there either. Finally I just asked him and he said he has a maid so now I know.
Kenny was always late for work. After a few weeks of being tardy, his boss called him in. His boss explained why it is important to be on time. Kenny listened and started coming in on time. Kenny's boss noticed and thanked him for the effort.
Sarah was excited today because today she is taking her driving test. The test was in the afternoon. Her and her dad drove in the morning to help her with the test. Finally she and her dad drove to the DMV. She took her test and passed, Sarah's excitement grew.
Belinda was a sophomore in college but she was twenty-four-years-old. She invited her study group to her house to work on a project. They carpooled to Belinda's house and walked inside. Her husband took off his belt, belted her legs, and fussed. He made her clean and said, we have a creative relationship.
Bob was a very busy businessman. He didn't have much time to look after his 2 young ones. Bob had hired a nanny to watch them. Bob came home one day and one of his kids had bruises on her arm. Bob decided to take legal action and fire his nanny.
Carol had a green convertible car. She crashed it one day on the way to work. She tried to have it repaired, but the damage was too great to fix. Carol decided to buy another car. She bought the same model car but in blue.
Louise Norton wanted to make her garden more colorful. She decided to go to the local nursery. At the nursery, she bought several kinds of flowers. That afternoon, she planted them. Now Louise has a very colorful garden.
Timothy was on his high school baseball team. Tim grew up watching baseball with his dad. Tim was determined to play in college. Tim worked very hard everyday during and after practice. Tim eventually earned a college scholarship for baseball.
Fran worked at a restaurant. She lost an earring while making dessert. She could not find it anywhere. A customer found Fran's earring in her dessert. Fran apologized, but she got fired anyway.
I love my dog, perhaps since the moment I laid eyes on him. We took him home the first day and enjoyed our time together. It took a while to get him trained to be on a leash. Once he learned the leash, we were able to take him walking. He's such a happy dog!
Sal didn't know how to read. He decided to try to teach himself. First he memorized the alphabet. Then he began sounding out simple, easy words. Pretty soon he was reading quickly and fluently!
Candi loved to cook. Her husband was in a car accident. She found out after she started dinner. She rushed to the hospital and found out he was fine. The ham was over cooked.
Tim was at the bank depositing some cash. All of a sudden a bank heist erupted around him. Tim was scared but also intrigued. He followed orders and wasn't hurt. Tim told everyone about it for years.
Anna's science project was about mushrooms. She had to grow a colony of them in her basement. She thought it'd be hard, but the fungus grew easily. Soon she had plenty of mushrooms for her project. Anna got a grade of A+!
Katherine came home from a trip to the grocery store. Her dog was waiting anxiously by the door. When she entered the house, the dog started jumping up and down. The dog's paw got caught in Katherine's beaded bracelet. The bracelet broke and beads rolled all over the floor.
Amy's job was short staffed. Amy was informed her quota was increased. Amy liked her job and wanted to keep it. Amy worked hard and focused on getting more done. Amy was pleased when told she was the most productive employee.
Kate went to the park one day with her friends. Kate saw the boy from school she liked. Kate gathered all the courage she could. Kate asked the boy out on a date. The boy said yes.
After a snowstorm, Jim had to shovel his walkway. Jim forgot to put on his glasses so he couldn't see well. Soon after Jim started shoveling, he stepped on a brand and slipped. Jim fell backwards and broke his back. Now Jim has to recover and is out of work for 6 months.
Susie had a lot of stocks that she liked buying. She made sure to reinvest the dividends. Years later she noticed she was wealthy. All of that saving had paid off. Now she could retire.
Bobby just came home from work. He decided to cook himself some dinner. He made himself a big steak with some potatoes. While he was eating dinner, his dog snatched the steak from his plate. Bobby had to order pizza because his dog stole his dinner.
Anna needed to go to the store but did not have a car. It was raining. She did not have an umbrella, but started walking anyway. Shortly after starting out, she tripped in a pot hole. Anna was not having a good day.
Annie was shopping with friends. She decided to try to steal some clothes. On her way out of the mall she was caught by security. They banned her from the mall for one year. Annie was so sad but her friends vowed to wait it out with her.
Bob was in his school's cafeteria line. He saw that a couple people had skipped the line. Bob grew very angry. He went to confront these people. Bob ended up getting into a fight.
A man stood on his deck and sipped his morning coffee. The local paper boy came and threw a newspaper at the man. Since the man did not subscribe, he felt it odd and threw it back. The paper boy was shocked that someone would throw back a paper. The paper boy picked up the unwanted newspaper and went onwards.
John had a big case to defend in court that day. He walked to his car and drove the rest of the way to the court house. He greeted people when he arrived and shook a few hands. His client was waiting for him and he reassured him. Full of confidence, John pleaded his case and won.
Tommy felt he'd been a bad friend to Joe recently. He'd missed Joe's birthday. He hadn't talked to him in weeks. Tommy decided to take a pizza and movie over to Joe's. He was happy to have made it up to his friend.
I came home from work and smelled a little bit. I decided to shower to clean up. Alas, I did not know that my water pipe was faulty. The shower did not work. I was forced to call a plumber instead.
When I was in South Africa we visited the beach in Witsand. The waves were a bit wild but I was determined to get wet. I got in the water and soon a huge wave took me under. My curled up body did somersaults and I finally emerged disoriented. I decided then to never get back in the water in Witsand.
Karim lived in Florida all alone. He wanted a pet to keep him company. One day a tiny animal came to his door. He thought it was a very ugly kitten but fed it anyway. It grew into an alligator and neighbors were scared of it.
I worked hard in high school. My parents did not have a lot of money. I did not know if I would be able to go to college. I applied to many colleges. I was happy when I got a scholarship!
Terry was a veteran professional basketball player He played for losing teams his entire career. For his last season he switched teams. His new team won the NBA championship. Terry was very happy to have finally won a championship.
Eddie never got a strike when he went bowling. Most his balls ended up in the gutter. They went to a different bowling alley one Saturday. They had bumpers on the lanes so you had to hit some pins. Eddie even finally got a strike!
Kim's dad hated her boyfriend. She really liked him. Eventually things got too frustrating at home. Kim decided to move out. She moved into an apartment with her boyfriend.
Two of my friends were having problems. One tried to drag me into it. I told her I wanted no part of it. She told me that we were going to have bad blood. I walked away from her, angry it got this way.
Graham was a very good drum player. He enjoyed the drums a lot but wanted to branch out. He decided to try to learn the violin. It was difficult at first since it was so different. Soon enough though he was picking it up well.
I love empanadas so one day I decided to make them from scratch. First I made the dough for the shells which got flour all over. Then I made the meat filling with beef and seasonings. Finally I put the beef filling in the shells and then deep fried them. The empanadas turned out delicious and were a big hit with my family.
Sam was excited, the day was finally here. It was her wedding day, but she was still worried that was off. She realized at the last moment, she had never ordered a cake. She called everywhere, but no one could fulfill her request. Sam decided that a wedding pie would have to suffice.
Betty was fresh out of college with a degree. She has applied at a prestigious bank. Betty thought she pulled over the interview very well. Betty waits nervously over the next few days. Betty gets the call that she has been Hired.
Tyler was excited to get the newly released cell phone. He was surprised to see a long line when he arrived at the store. He waited in line for an hour to purchase his phone. When he arrived at the cashier she informed him they were sold out. Tyler was upset as he drove home without a new phone.
The farmer planted a large garden for the town. He planted vegetables of every kind. Each year he did this to promote healthy living. School children helped the farmer with the planting. The town always looks forward to the yearly garden.
There was a sad girl at the park. Everyone knew she was sad. One day a man walked up to her. He gave her a big hug. The rest of her day was better.
Ella and Frank had been wed for six years. They wanted a home of their own, despite high costs and few savings. They decided to buy several acres of land and build their own home. After they signed the deed, Frank called a few reliable acquaintances. Then they got their tools together and made a small, cozy home!
Tina was having a party. It was celebrating the new year. Everyone was invited. Except for Suzy. When Suzy found out she started to cry.
Rory found out she was adopted. Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were. Rory talked to the adoption agency and got their phone number. Rory called her birth mom on the telephone and asked to meet. Rory and her birth parents met for lunch.
I went on the splash mountain ride last week. At first it was a peaceful ride. We went into a calm tunnel. Then we dropped unexpectedly. I was scared.
There once was a pig named Wilbur. He had a mate named Wilbur. Shilbury was cute, with a perfect pig snoot. She and Wilbur lived a happy pig life. Until they got killed for their meat.
Beth was a model in a fashion show at her school. She practiced in the mirror for weeks in preparation. On the day of the show she waited at the bus stop in the rain. A truck drove through a puddle and soaked Beth while holding her phone. Beth missed the show, and was unable to tell anyone she wasn't coming.
Samantha had a headache because of caffeine withdrawals. Her coffee maker had broken yesterday. Samantha decided to go to the department store. She bought a brand new espresso maker on sale for $100. She made herself a big cup of coffee when she got home.
The small church building was in a new suburb. They asked Bob to lead a fundraising campaign. The congregation responded with sacrificial giving over 3 years. An auditorium and other buildings were soon in service. Now a thousand people worship there each Sunday.
Dave and i are best friends. We were friends since childhood. But when we were in college everything has changed. We part ways and many people came into our lives. It's been years since i saw him.
Kelly loved volunteering at the stables. She was completing her high school charity requirement, 20 hours. But it felt more like fun than work, feeding and grooming the horses! When her 20 hours were complete, she could graduate. And after graduation, the stable offered Kelly a full-time job!
The woman lost twenty pounds. Her clothes were too loose. She went shopping for new clothes. She spend five hundred dollars on credit on clothes. She gained the weight back in eight months.
Twas the night before the big school musical. Sarah could not wait! But, she was very nervous. When she got in the stage, she took a deep breath. She sang as best as she good and everyone enjoyed her performance.
When I dressed up for the play, I had to find an outfit. I searched everywhere for something resembling little bo peep. I resorted to shopping online. I couldn't find anything that didn't have an adult theme. Eventually I had to pay someone to make the outfit.
Bobby was very hungry. He decided to eat a salad. His stomach continued to feel hungry. Bobby made a big steak and potato. Finally Bobby felt full.
Max had a new dog. He was desperate because it was barking all the time. He tried to give it food and walk it outside with no success. He went to bed exhausted and the dog was still barking. Only when he let the dog sleep with him could he fall asleep.
I was working at a grocery store. It was my first day on the job. I accidentally spilled milk everywhere. I cried, thinking I would be fired for doing a bad job. My boss said it was okay because i was a rookie.
The scientists waited for the rover to send images of Mars. The signal from the rover stopped. The rover had crashed on the surface of the planet. They discovered they were all using different units of measurement. That is what made the rover crash.
Igor loved watching programs on the public broadcasting system. He felt that they were one of the few bastions of unbiased journalism. He supported them monetarily during their pledge drive. Igor hoped more than anything to procure a PBS tote bag. He was informed that they had discontinued the tote bag.
I got a great recipe for chicken off the internet. I started cooking and it looked great and smelled delicious. The green peppers over the chicken got melted on by the cheese. The glaze on the chicken filled the whole house with smells. Turns out, the chicken was too thick and raw in the middle.
Kristin was walking down the street when she saw a handsome guy. She stopped to talk to him and they had a nice chat. They flirted and the guy asked for her phone number. Then he leaned in and kissed her. Kristin had butterflies in her stomach!
Law and order brother style was always dispensed swiftly. Bart grabbed Jan's arm and extricated her out of the closet. However, today seemed a bit different. Bart and Jess didn't look angry, but terrified. Jess pleaded with Jan not to tell their mom about the spiders.
When I was young, I dreamed of flying. As I got older, I realized I had not yet reached this dream. So, I started taking flying lessons. It has taken a long time and a lot of hard work. Yesterday, I got my pilot's license.
Bill wanted to play the lottery. He went to the nearest store to buy a ticket. He played all his favorite numbers. Bill returned home to wait for the drawing. He hit the jackpot!
The cut was bleeding steadily. Nick had nicked it against the edge of a brick. Now it was spurting blood and turning the snow red. He wrapped some medical cloth around it. The bleeding stopped and he went on with his day.
Austin decided to go to the county fair. He paid five dollars for his ticket. He was able to ride the merry-go-round all day long. After rides, he got an elephant ear. The fair was the best one that he had been to.
My grandparents lived in Alabama. We used to travel there every summer. We would eat from their garden, and use plants for medicine. I learned a lot about the country from being there. I miss traveling there, and miss my grands.
Bukit Tinggi is a small village in Indonesia. Many tourists would come here to enjoy the jungle. They would stay at hotels along the river. After a day of heavy rain, the river level rose quickly. Many of the hotels and tourists were swept away by the flash flood.
Tom needed to put up some shelves. He bought a cheap drill to make it easier. The drill was too poor of quality. It burned out and broke right away. Tom returned it and bought a better quality one.
Reby wanted a doll for Christmas. Her parents were against buying her one. They reasoned that she already had too many. Reby was upset, so she ran to her room. There, among her many dolls, she realized that her parents were right.
Joe had been out of full time work for over two months. He was able to pick up a part time job at a convenience store. He was careful with his money but one night he got a lottery ticket. He scratched off the numbers one at a time, getting excited. He got the final number, winning $5,000!
Jenny bought a new house with a big yard. She loved her yard and wanted to show it off. She decided to have a garden housewarming party. She invited all of her family and friends. Her guests were impressed with her beautiful yard and garden.
Paula paid five dollars to enter a raffle. The prize for the raffle was a car. She liked to fantasize about winning the car. When the raffle was finished, Paula did not win. She felt like it was worth it, though, because it was fun to dream.
Shana had just gotten a new pair of pink shoes. She could not wait to wear them to school. When she got to school, she was sent to the office. Different colored shoes could no longer be worn. Shana had to go home and change.
It was late and Gina and her family were going home. They drove past an empty deserted church on a corner. On the other end of the block was a bar full of people. The people at the bar all looked happy, while the church stood empty. It was odd to see those buildings on the same block.
Several years ago Joe had a friend Renee. During a hurricane they attended a party. Twas a poker game going on and Joe wanted to play, but he was broke. Renee gave him the money to play, After the game ended Joe paid Renee back and had made $250.
Drew handed a batch of flowers to Nancy. She was extremely happy and gave him a hug. As soon as Drew walked away, she became the furious. Nancy tore up each flower petal and threw it in the trash. She also pushed the trash can on the ground.
Wilma was rowing her boat in Louisiana. She was hunting crocodile. Someone rowed up beside her and asked to borrow her boat. Wilma was very polite, so said yes. Wilma swam through the crocodile infested water with fear.
Rick dreamed of being a pilot like his grandfather. He studied as many books as he could get. At sixteen, his father finally agreed to let him take real lessons. On his first solo flight, the plane's engines stopped! He remembered his brave grandfather, and calmly glided to the ground.
Lucas was working hard to prove himself to his boss. He put in a lot of hours in the office. He took work home, too. He was granted the promotion! He knew his hard work had paid off.
Jay wanted to vote. He filled out the registration in high school. The registration got destroyed in the mail for some reason. Jay felt down about it and decided not to register. That is, until he got older and did it again.
Doug got a new puppy yesterday. The puppy likes to chew on the furniture. The puppy got out of the kennel when Doug was a work. The puppy chewed Doug's couch. Doug was now shopping for a new couch.
Jeannie couldn't make up her mind on a Halloween costume. She wanted to dress like a witch, because they were scary. But she also wanted to be a beautiful princess. She thought a cowgirl costume was fun, too! She decided to be a princess witch cowgirl for Halloween.
Luke has a math test tomorrow. He has not studied at all. When he got to school he tried to study. However, he did not understand at all. He ended up failing his test.
Adam had a job interview which went well. The interviewer said he would call Adam the next day. Adam waited by his phone all the next day. He picked it up every time it rang. But it was never the interviewer.
Jim added a den to his home. It was poorly built. rainy leaked through the roof. Ben helped Jim repair the roof. After that the den was perfect.
There once was a little girl named Molly. Molly would often get anxious and stressed. One day, Molly's mother bought her a little cat. Molly really loved that cat. The cat helped her be calmer, and made her a lot happier.
Noelle is running for student council. She prepares a unique tagline. She give out free gum. her slogan is "Stick with Noelle" Noelle wins her election.
If he wasn't at his job, Stephen was creating art. He never let anyone see his work, because he thought they would laugh. One day he hurt himself in his studio, and called an ambulance. When the paramedics got there, his gallery-owner neighbor came, too. The neighbor loved his work, and soon Stephen was a famous artist.
Josh was a painter. He wore a red shirt to work. When he painted he always wore a white apron. But the apron did not cover his arms. So he went home wearing a red shirt with green sleeves.
Alvin's wife had been on a diet. He didn't like any of the food she had been cooking. Alvin would stop and pick up a burger on the way home from work. He ate very little of what she cooked. Alvin's wife lost weight, but he gained it.
By ninth grade I was tired of having braided hair. For class pictures that year, I attempted wearing it straight. On the way to pictures, I could feel it puffing up. The hot Alabama took a toll on my hair and face. I ended up taking a photo with a greasy face and slightly puffed hair.
Cassie was swimming in the pool. She was getting upset because her nose hurt. She couldn't stop from getting water in it. Finally, her mom taught her a trick. Cassie tried it and she was able to keep the water out.
John has an English test tomorrow. He is not ready for it. He decided to pull an allnighter. When he got to class, he was exhausted. He slept through his test.
Tiler was on his newspaper route, when it started raining. He quickly ran into the closest garage he could find. After a few minutes, it stopped raining. Tiler got back on his bike and resumed his route. He ended up finishing late because of the rain.
Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day. He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming. The blizzard hit and closed the school and roads. Joey heard that several people had died in the snowstorm. Joey felt guilty about praying for a snow day.
Sam was camping in the woods. He was hiking along the river near his campsite. He saw a big trout in the river. He quickly scooped the trout out of the water with his hands. Sam cleaned and ate his trout back at camp.
I was taking a lot of classes in school. Everyday I carried five heavy textbooks. It was hard for me to walk. Suddenly, I had a plan. I decided to switch to using online textbooks only.
The baby began to crawl toward the couch. Then, suddenly she stopped and sat back as if in contemplation. She again placed her hands flat on the floor. Then, she pushed against the floor and extended her legs. She straightened and stood for 5 seconds before dropping on her but.
Alicia went for her first driving lesson. She was scared. When she started driving, she drove into the cones. Alicia thought she would never be a good driver. Thankfully though, she passed the test.
Mike had a very stressful job. He needed a vacation. So he took one. He headed to the sunny beaches of mexico. Mike had a great time on his vacation.
Garth and his father were fighting. They had started punching each other. When it didn't look like they were going to stop, Mom butted in. She took a punch right to the face! Garth and his father immediately stopped fighting, then.
Joel was the best man at Steven's wedding. Joel had watched all of his friend get married over the years. He had no intention of settling down. He met a beautiful woman at the wedding who thought the same. Joel married that same woman over a year later.
The boss asked Tom if he filed the report. Tom searched for the report since he lost it. When he came home, he found the papers in his house. The next day, he told the boss what happened. Unfortunately, Tom got fired since the report was due yesterday.
Jenna was out with friends on the last day of summer. They saw a talent competition in the park. They decided to enter. They put together a dance routine. They didn't win but it was a fun way to spend their last day.
Julie worked at a diner. One morning, she slept through her alarm. When she woke up, she saw that she was an hour late for work. She rushed to the diner. Unfortunately, her boss had no choice but to fire her.
Isobel went on an airplane trip to Honolulu. When she landed, Isobel took a cab to the beach. While she sat on the sand, a little girl started crying. Isobel went up to her and saw she had been stung by a jellyfish. Isobel put an ointment on the girl's foot and saved the day!
Sam was nervous about going to school. It was his first day in high-school. Everything went better than expected. Sam was less afraid his second day. He looked forward to going to school eventually.
Rick wanted a new table. But he thought he would be more proud if he built one. So he impulsively bought plywood and other materials. And he quickly assembled a table. But Rick felt regretful because it was weak and wobbly.
Ted was just starting out college. He had a place to live but needed a roommate. He posted an ad on craigslist looking for one. Suddenly his phone rings. Ted talks to John and the two become roommates.
My brother had a new baby. We drove to Connecticut to visit. The baby was a boy. We all took pictures holding the baby. We were very excited to have seen the baby.
My friend and I were drinking soda. She told a very funny joke. I laughed so hard. The soda came out of my nose! I never drank soda again.
I was very bored one summer day. The ice cream truck's song could be heard down the street. I chased after it to buy some ice cream. I met some other kids at the truck. Now I have friends in my neighborhood to play with.
Tim's class had a short story contest. He decided to enter. He spent weeks working on his story. He advanced to the final week. Tim ended up winning the contest.
Maybe frequently drank soda, she considered it part of her. She would drink at least 5 drinker per day, orange soda was the flavor. One day while she was trying to eat corn all her teeth fell out. She went to the dentist and they informed her the bad news. Due to her love of soda she would need a fake set.
A man roped off a street corner. He took out a guitar and began to play. People heard his music and came to watch. He took a request from the audience. The crowd cheered like mad and gave him money.
Gina approached the librarian at the library. She had come to claim the books they ordered for her. The librarian searched the shelf. But she wasn't able to find the books. After checking with another librarian they finally found Gina's books.
The family had a big garden. They grew lots of green beans. They put them in a big pot and boiled them. Then they put butter and salt on them. The beans were fresh and tasted great!
As the parade passed in front of us my nieces cheered. They were finally old enough not to be afraid of the sirens. After the parade we went out for pizza. Hope and Faith were so excited that they couldn't stop talking. I really enjoyed watching their delight in the Holiday Season.
Ethan was afraid of the dark. He told his mom about his fear. The next day, she brought him a small night light. She told Ethan he could use the light every night. The night light helped Ethan overcome his childish fear.
Piper was not used to not getting her way. She tapped her slender foot on the floor, unhappy. The waitress came to take her order but forgot her wine. Piper insulted her before throwing her water in the waitress' face. The whole restaurant gasped when Piper left in a hurry after that.
One night I felt really strange and couldn't relax. I got up to go to the bathroom and then everything went blank. My roommate found me on the floor having a seizure. Turns out, my cat started howling the second I fell. This alerted my roommate in time to get me help.
Michelle used a desk at the church. She helped teach the students. One day the pastor had her office cleaned out. It was an accident. He told her he was sorry.
Gina was on a road trip with her family. She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours. Finally she drifted off into sleep. She awoke to doors slamming as they stopped at a gas station. She was mortified to find she had only been asleep an hour.
Lisa was a tailor. Her customer wanted three suits and three pairs of pants taken in. Lisa worked all night on the customer's order. The next day the phone rang. Her customer had gained all of his weight back.
Mary was walking on a nature path one afternoon. In the distance, she saw a mountain lion walking towards her! She stood very still. The mountain lion slowly walked past her. Mary was relieved to have gotten away unscathed.
Jodie's baby had an accident. She spilled grape juice on the floor. Jodie called around for cleaners. She finally found one. They did a really good job!
Nora was running down the alley. The cops were after her! She had stolen money from a store. She knew it was wrong but she was desperate. Nora was determined to get away.
Tucker was on the ski team He got a concussion after he fell on his head. He was ineligible to compete in the New England competition. Tucker went to the mountain and cheered his teammates. The team was crowned champions and dedicated their trophy to him.
Walter was watching the forecast. It was supposed to be sunny. Walter went out without his umbrella. It began to rain. Walter got soaked.
Brett had lost his favorite CD. He bought a digital copy of the album. Brett loaded the music on all his devices. He wasn't worried about losing the music again. Brett never had to buy the album again.
Tom bought a old sports car. Tom noticed the car would overheat after 45 minutes of driving. Tom decided to sell the car. Tom let the person test drive it with a cold engine. Tom successfully sold the car.
John was driving when he got a text. He decided to try and answer. He took his eyes off the road for a second and hit the car in front. Luckily it wasn't a bad accident. John apologized profusely and exchanged insurance information.
My friends convinced me to go on a ski trip last weekend. The very first day I slipped and fell. I twisted my ankle and couldn't walk for days. I spent the whole trip indoors. None of my friends even bothered to stay in with me.
Bob needed to print out his closing documents to sign them. His printer wasn't cooperating. Bob smacked his printer very hard. It gave a little grinding sound and beeped pleasantly. Bob was able to print all the documents after that.
I look forward to watching the Olympics every four years. I plan my day around my favorite events. I try not to miss any action. Watching the countries compete is exciting. I've been watching the games all week.
Bill's kitchen stove was not working properly. Bill called an appliance serviceman. Two hours later an appliance serviceman visited Bill. The serviceman told Bill that he needed a new stove. Bill bought a new stove and Bill is very happy with it.
Judy loved to play tennis. However, she needed help with her serve. She decided to start taking lessons. Her serve got better. Judy started winning all her matches.
Spencer had his new laptop. He placed it in his lap. The laptop began to slide off. It hit the coffee table. The laptop broke.
Dillon loves trucks. One day Dillon saved up enough money for a new truck. He decided to get a green truck. Dillon crashed the truck on the way home. Now Dillon has no truck and no money.
Jeff was struggling with his baseball game. He had not much luck lately. The time had come for Jeff to bat. His team was down by 2 runs and there were three on base. Finally the pitch comes to Jeff and he swings and hits a Homerun!
When Nancy received her exam, she panicked. Since she studied for a different chapter, she barely knew anything. The professor noticed her and asked if everything was alright. She shriveled up, saying that she doesn't know what to do. My professor allowed her to take it tomorrow when he talked to her.
Carol was baking cookies for her class. She was making them a treat before christmas break. The cookies were a big hit. Everyone kept wanting to eat more. Carol promised to make more in the future.
Bob's parents grounded him. He decided to run away from home. He packed his clothes and some water and left. After a few hours, he realized he needed his parents. He came back home but his parents didn't even know he left.
I was at Best Buy last week looking at new televisions. I want to buy a big screen with high definition. They had a lot of choices. I decided to do more research. I'm going back to buy one tomorrow.
One by one, the students grabbed trays from the dining hall. They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs. They snuck out of the dining hall, unnoticed. The students used them as sleds on the snowy hill on campus! The next morning, they returned all the trays in good condition.
Jan led the couple to a table in her section. The customers looked at the menu and asked about the specials. Jan said she could recite them from memory. The customers were impressed and begged her to do it. Jan stuttered her way through half of them before giving up.
I was walking home. While walking i passed a homeless man. He asked for some money. I gave him 10 dollars. He gave me great advice that i will remember forever.
Brad was jealous when his friend purchased a fancy new smartphone. He hated his phone and resented not being able to afford a new one. His friend had many complaints about the new phone and its problems. A new version soon made his friend's new phone more or less obsolete. Brad realized he was better off with his old reliable phone all along.
I was very excited about a new game coming out. It was going to be out in a few weeks so I was very excited. I nearly couldn't wait for the game! After school I picked it up right away from the store. I really enjoyed playing it and was so satisfied.
I was waiting on line to pay for my Christmas gifts at Toys R Us. I saw someone approaching the counter with a video camera. He was video taping the next lady on line, without her noticing it. When she was about to pay for her items, the man behind her stepped in He smiled and said Merry Christmas, your gifts are on me.
Tisha bought a pair of leggings. She wore them to school. A teacher told her they weren't appropriate. She talked to the principal. They sent her home to change.
We usually play baseball after school. Rick smashed his hand in a car door today. Rick can not grab a bat or hold a ball. So we decided we should play kick ball instead. Rick scored three times.
It hadn't snowed all winter. Jaime hadn't had a chance to use his new red sled. That's why when reports of snow came in, he was excited. He took his sled out of the garage and waited. He walked up the hill behind his house at first snowfall.
Damian was watching tv. He couldn't decide what to watch. He kept flipping through the channels, He ended up turning on netflix. He then watched his favorite show.
Rachel realizes that she hasn't done laundry in months. She wants to clean her dirty sheets and towels. Rachel puts the laundry in the machine to begin washing it. When it is finished, she hangs it up to dry. She is happy that she is finally doing her laundry.
Marty felt bored and wanted to play video games. He grabbed his controlled but it snagged. All of the cables were in a tangled mess! Marty spent a long time freeing his controller. When he was done he was no longer bored.
Mary liked riding her bike along the beach. She would glide along the sidewalk waving at everyone. Mary was waving at a group of kids. Not paying close enough attention to things around her. She ran right into a stop sign.
June planned a big egg hunt for her nieces and nephews. She spent hours hiding eggs in tall grass on her sprawling property. When the egg hunt began, the kids ran in all directions. They came back tired of hunting, each with only a few plastic eggs. Months afterward, colorful shards flew whenever June mowed.
Trey hung out at the park. A group of guys wanted to rap against him. He said he couldn't rap. He laid a beat for them instead. They shared mixtapes with each other.
Rosie had a problem with her anxiety. It caused her to pull out her eyebrows. One night, she absentmindedly pulled out tons of eyebrows. In the morning she looked in the mirror and saw bald patches. She was so embarrassed she used makeup to cover it up.
Anna went outside to play tennis. She was having fun until the ball hit her in the face. Anna fell down and howled in pain! She had to lay down with ice on her face that night. Even still, she woke with a puffy black eye the next morning.
Andy loved watching the Olympic track events. Andy was excited to see Usain Bolt defend his track title. As the race was beginning, Andy was anxious to see Bolt race. However, when the gun sounded, Andy knew Bolt would win. Andy was so excited that Usain Bolt won his track race.
Hadley was at home when her boyfriend stopped by. He was on a motorcycle and asked her to join him. She was excited too and they went speeding off down the road. Suddenly a car cut them off and they swerved. They hit a tree, and luckily were okay but they did have injuries.
John and Dave set out to build a dock. They wanted to build the dock so their kids to fish off of it. They started by cutting down some local trees. They planked the wood and fastened everything in place. After several long days the dock was complete.
It was a rainy night. I was driving along the road when a red car sped past me. The red car spun out of control. The driver stopped the car. I drove past the red car.
Rhonda was managing a fast food restaurant. Each day she had a percentage of sales to apply to labor hours. She took that dollar amount and divided it by the minimum wage. This told Rhonda how many hours her employees could work that day. When the minimum wage went up, she had to cut hours from the workers.
When I was younger my family and I would go on summer vacations. We would always go the Branson, MO. During one summer we stopped going because of money. It has been 4 years now and we have not gone back to Branson. Now every time summer comes around I become sad.
When the baby came the nurse handed it to the parents. She asked what they were going to call it. Both parents looked at each other and shrugged. The nurse suggested to name it after herself. They all agreed to name the baby after the nurse.
Our local high school football team has recently become popular. After decades of loss, this year's team is on a winning streak. Understandably, they haven't had much of a budget in a while. The home game recently was quite amusing to see. The bright green grass was impressive until the rain washed it away!
Jenna was at the aquarium. She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions. She decided to buy some. Then, she threw the fish to the animals. It was a really unique experience.
A baby bird was sitting in the nest. There was a big gust of wind, and the baby bird fell out of the nest. Luckily, it landed safely on the ground. The mommy bird came back to feed the baby, but couldn't find it! The mommy checked the ground and brought the baby bird back home.
Nick bought some property. It was a farm. He wanted to have chickens and goats. He got started planting his crops. Nick was pleased with his new land.
Sam swore he didn't like any vegetables. He thought there was no such thing as a tasty vegetable. His mom convinced him to try some baby carrots. Sam tasted them and was surprised that he liked them. He changed his mind about all vegetables being bad.
Sam has a neighbor with a mean dog. It always barks and acts aggressive. One day it got out of the yard and attacked Sam. He was seriously hurt. The dog had to be put down.
Mary went grocery shopping. A man was ahead of her at the checkout. That man threatened the cashier. Mary called the police. That man went to jail.
Terry put on his short shorts. He went on a run around the block. A neighbor lady whistled at his legs. Terry stopped to talk to his neighbor. They made a date for dinner.
Sherrie browsed the yard sale. She found an antique bronze urn. She marveled at the wondrous patterns on it and purchased it. She placed it on her mantle when she got home. She only found the cremated ashes in it days later.
The cat was with his owner. His owner wasn't paying attention to him. He tried to purr on his owner's leg. His owner kicked him away. The cat ran away.
It was summer time. And Bob's house was very hot inside. He decided to paint his roof with a special white paint. And it reflected lots of sunlight. Bob was happy that his house was cooler indoors.
John hates travelling for his job. He likes his job just not the travelling. His wife also hates the travelling. They have twins on the way so quitting is no option. He is happy to provide for his growing family regardless.
Eric was about turn 18 years old. He had dreamed of getting a car. He was doing very well in school. One day he was walking home from school. His parents surprised him with a brand new car.
Charles hadn't done laundry in over two weeks. He was just getting used to being an adult. He was walking into work when his pants got caught in the door. A huge hole ripped exposing his bare bottom. He never missed another day of laundry.
Howard needed to buy a new toy. He is looking to find something for his son. He went to a yard sale. He found something. His son loved it.
Tim went on his first fishing trip. He was barely learning the basic.s. Tim learned fast. He caught more fish than anyone he went to. It encouraged Tim to go back often.
Heather bought a bunch of bananas at the store. She brought them home and set them on the table. A huge tarantula crawled out of them! Heather screamed and hit it with a dictionary. There were tarantula guts all over the table.
Tim had an essay due for a class. He kept waiting to start it. Tim waited until the night before it was due. Tim realized it wasn't enough time. He got a terrible grade on it.
Drumbo Rumbo was a drum player in a metal band. His dream was always to play Jazz drums instead. One day he saw an ad for auditions and took a chance. At the audition he couldn't keep time, and messed up a lot. The band still accepted him because of his passion.
Johnny had been very sick all week. Doctor's appointments made him nervous. He decided to wait out his illness. Eventually, Johnny had to go to the emergency room. The doctor said he had a bad case of the flu.
Abel grew vegetables in his backyard. One Saturday, he took them to the local farmers market. He had the best selection, so he got lots of customers. He sold a pretty girl a cucumber. He asked her what she was gonna do with it, and she said not eat it.
Sally's friend called her. She asked if she had received her email invitation for dinner. Sally didn't remember any emails. She went to check her inbox. Then, she realized that she had never noticed the email.
Tom had a few friends over. After he noticed his debit card was missing. He quickly figured out who stole it. Tom called the authorities and filed charges. His friend begged for leniency but Tom didn't care.
Toya saw the new girl in school making a cool keychain. She asked the girl, named Koni, and Koni said it was a boondoggle. She offered to teach Toya how to make it. Toya eagerly accepted. Soon the girls were friends - and expert craftswomen!
Carlos was feeling uneasy. He had a fan that was a little obsessed with him. She showed up at Carlos's house and job. Carlos told her to leave him alone. The next day, he found a love note under his windshield wiper.
Jimmy was a poor kid who worked online. Jimmy needed a new computer so he ordered one online. He waited very eagerly for the package to arrive. Jimmy saw the mailman carrying his new computer to the door. Jimmy set up his new computer and started to go to work.
A boy had his father come in to tuck him in, like every night. He asked his dad to look under the bed for monsters. Under the bed he found a stuffed dinosaur. It was his favorite, an apatosaurus. It was the father's birthday and this was his present.
Lizzy's cousin died. She didn't have enough money to fly home for the funeral. She told her friend. He gave her the money. She was able to go home.
Billy liked to play video games. His video game system broke one day. Billy didn't have money to buy a new one. Billy got a job after school to save money for a new one. Billy finally saved enough to buy a new system.
Ben sat at his desk, reading a book. Suddenly, Ben felt something crawl across his back. He screamed and whirled around in his chair. Ben's little sister stood behind him, giggling and holding a feather. Ben told his sister how much she had scared him.
Delia woke up to get ready for school. She made herself breakfast. She turned on the news. Her school was closed due to 9 inches of snow fall. Delia went back to bed.
Kelley traveled abroad. One day she was walking alone. Someone robbed her. He held her hostage. Kelley was frightened.
Carol loved country music, and wanted to go to We Fest. She convinced three of her friends to go with her. However, her friends backed out of plans the night before the trip. Carol ended up going with people she didn't know very well. Luckily, she ended up having fun, anyway.
Freddy was saving up to get a new car. He told his parents he wanted to earn it on his own. He shoveled snow, cleaned cars, did anything to make money. His parents loved his dedication and helped him out in the end. Freddy bought an Acura RSX for his first car.
Ian wanted to become a male model. He asked all his friends how to do it. They told him to get a bunch of publicity photographs. Ian did as they suggested. He's excited that he's going to be in the next Zoolander movie!
Jay wanted to be an air force pilot just like his dad. He attended the same air force school that his father graduated. He plugged a lot of hours in training at the academy. Jay graduated top of his class. He now flies fighter jets for the United States Air force.
It was a dark and stormy night, and John was driving too fast. Approaching a curve in the road, he overcorrected while steering. This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch. The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car. The tree crushed John and he died.
Tom owned a tuna farm. Every day he would get in the water with them. One day he was in the water checking on the tuna. Suddenly, a huge tuna swam under his legs and flipped him! Tom fell into the shallow water but got up quickly and laughed.
I reached for the shelf on top of my brother, who's sleeping. However, the shelf collapsed. His books were all over the floor. Luckily, he didn't wake up. I immediately ran outside.
When Kelly was getting ready for school she was pumped. She had a brand new outfit to show her friends. When she got to school everyone loved the outfit. Yet to her dismay, Katie was wearing the same thing. Kelly was horrified and disgusted.
Catherine needed a pick me up. She went to the mall and bought some new shoes. She felt very fancy and feminine. Catherine decided to make more purchases for herself in the future. She realized she'd been neglecting herself.
The boy loved telling scary stories. He had the whole class believing them. The teacher heard about it. She sat him down in a meeting. She mad him stop telling myths.
Jacob wanted to be a Navy Seal. So he enrolled and the Navy and applied. The problem was that Jacob was not to smart. Jacob was in great shape though. Jacob didn't make it because he couldn't pass the written test.
I woke up and felt hungry. I decided to eat breakfast. I decided to have some toast. The toast had mold but I didn't know. I became sick and learned that I should check my bread for mold.
My wife has today off from work. Our cat was very happy because of this. The cat usually stays in a bedroom all day. She waits for my wife to come home. Today the cat sat in the living room with my wife.
Marie was on a cruise with her parents. She felt lonely on the cruise because she didn't have any siblings. One day, Marie found another girl her age at the pool on the cruise. Marie and the girl had a lot in common. They became fast friends and spent the rest of the cruise hanging out.
Gina had to pay library fines before she could check out a book. After paying them she went to retrieve the book she wanted to read. The book wasn't on the shelf. The book had been checked out by another person. Gina would have to wait up to a month for the book to be returned.
Ed carefully sorted his whites from his colors. He put the whites in, turning on the machine. When he opened it half an hour later everything was pink. He accidentally had a red shirt in with the whites. Fortunately everything else was underwear.
Dave is gay. He wanted to finally come out. He came out to his parents first. They were fine with it. He was very happy.
Lolita was alone in her apartment one night. She heard a man jiggling his keys next to her door. She asked him to go away, but he still tried to pick at her door. She then called the police. When they arrived, they redirected the man to his door.
Maka knew today was going to be busy, but she told herself to be calm. She ran the errands she needed to, just like always. Something, however, was waiting for her at the end of her day. The creature's red eyes narrowed on her as she quickly morphed. The battle was swift and Maka prevailed to the cheers of the city.
Tara loved collecting dolls. She had a collection of over 50 rare porcelain dolls. She put them on stands inside of a display case. Tara would dust the dolls and display case weekly. She would post pictures on social media whenever she got a new one.
I worked for a researcher. I was his best worker. He decided to give me a Christmas bonus. I thanked him and cried tears of joy. Then, I looked at the check and he gave me only twenty dollars.
The coach told us to do a few push-ups. Everyone got up accept Jill. As a result we were forced to jog across the baseball field. Everyone managed to run eight miles except Jack. The coach made Jack run an extra lap for finishing last.
Olivia is a vegetarian. This is because, when she was young, Olivia had a pet cow name Kim. She raised Kim from a calf to a cow. One day, Kim was sold to slaughter by Olivia's parents. Every time Olivia eats vegetables instead of beef, she remembers Kim.
The man told a lie. Somebody caught him. The word about the lie spread around. People began calling the man a liar. The man had to defend his name in public.
Barry was confused as to what to wear for Halloween. Barry decided he was dressed as a zebra in honor of his daughter. Barry even got his face painted in the color of a zebra. Barry showed his daughter the costume, and she was happy. Barry was glad with his decision to dress as a zebra.
I was playing basketball with a friend. I threw the ball to her since she was open. She immediately shot the ball. It ended up as an air ball. However, she blamed me for not passing it to her faster.
Sara bought a lottery ticket. She never played, but she was feeling lucky this week. She eagerly watched the drawing on TV. As the numbers were called out, she grew excited. She had matched every number and won the lottery jackpot!
Yesterday I charged my phone completely. Today I used it all up. When I had no more power left I was upset. Thankfully I found an extra battery. I was then able to keep my usage.
Neshay was making her famous chicken dinner for her boyfriend. He had never tasted her cooking before. She was very nervous he would not like it. She studied him as he took each bite. When he finished her told her it was the best he ever ate.
Kate's crush had a job at a taco place. And she hadn't eaten there in two weeks. She decided today was a great day to let him know how she felt. Unfortunately, he was not working that day. She would just have to wait for another day.
My sister in law Vera bought a dryer ten years ago. Her husband has yet to hook it up. He is cheap and does not want to have to rewire the house. Vera's therapist said hooking up the dryer would be therapeutic. Vera's husband still is not hooking up the dryer.
The foundation digging was not going as planned. Many large boulders had to be removed and left a deeper hole. The foundation ended up being two feet deeper than the design. The high ceiling allowed for triple bunks in the basement. Many ended up being able to sleep in the coolest place in the house.
Greg was looking for something to eat. But nothing was healthy enough for him. Everything either had too much sugar, sodium, or fat. But eventually, he became very hungry and stressed. So he ate several plates of food despite trying to be healthy.
Tim was snacking. He got some cheese and crackers. The crackers seemed stale. The cheese was moldy. Tim at it begrudgingly.
Mia was tired of being woken up by her neighbor's loud music. She confronted him one day, but her effort was in vain. The next time, she took a new approach and called the police. The police arrived and ticketed him for causing a nuisance. Mia's tactic worked and she was never woken up by him again.
Mommy told us that it is bedtime and we knew it was story time. My sister and I brushed our teeth and got into bed. We pulled the cover up to our cheeks Mommy came in and read us a story. Then she kissed us goodnight and turned out the lights.
Jim and Damien played cards during their lunch break. Today they couldn't decide which game to play. To choose, they flipped a coin and Jim won. They played Uno and Damien won every game. Jim was bitter about this and vowed to win next time.
Suzy stashed her savings in a piggy bank with a slot on top. She was saving up for a cute pair of boots. Finally, the piggy bank was filled to the top. Susie got a hammer to break open the bank, but stopped. She had grown too fond of the piggy to break it.
Lana was doing science homework. But she needed help with the first problem. So she called her friend. They ended up talking for hours, however. And when she hung up, she forgot to ask for help.
Nelly's family moved in the middle of the school year. Each day, Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school. One day, her sister told Nelly to stop following her. After school, Nelly couldn't remember the way home. Arriving home in tears, Nelly confessed why she followed her sister.
Mark bought six different kinds of lottery tickets from a store. He began to scratch each one. None of them yielded a prize. He then tried to get his money back from the store! The sales associates could only laugh.
Jimmy saw his dad drink coffee every morning. He thought it must be pretty delicious. Every time he asked to have some his dad said no. One morning he snuck a sip while his dad wasn't looking. It was the worse thing he had ever tasted!
Bob was skinny. He was tired of being weak. He decided to get strong. He enrolled in an olympic lifting class. After two years, Bob became extremely strong.
Kyle hated school. He had no friends. He told his mom he wanted to be homeschooled. She finally agreed. Kyle was happy being home schooled.
Luke is staying in his log cabin. It begins to snow very heavily. Luke's cabin loses power. Luke covers himself with all the blankets he can find. Luke makes it through the night without freezing.
Kenny always wanted a drone. His dad finally bought him one. They went to a park to try it out. Kenny crashed it right away. His dad was let down and took kenny home.
Tim was in a hard fought cage fight. It was a back and forth affair. They had an accidental headbutt. Tim was cracked open and the fight had to be stopped. It was called a technical draw.
I went to a fancy steak house. I ordered the spicy steak. When I tasted it, my  mouth erupted from the spices. The person behind me said that his food wasn't spicy enough. We traded dinners and ended up leaving happy.
Phil had a dog. His dog loved to beg for food. Phil tried his hardest to train his dog not to beg. Eventually Phil taught his dog not to beg. Phil was super happy with his accomplishment.
Damion took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror. He popped a pimple on his face and smoothed his beard. He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it. When it was time to enter the shower, he put one foot under the water. Finally, he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower.
Ben made too much noise in class. The teacher told him to stop. He was silent until Diana annoyed him. The teacher yelled at both of them. They were issued a referral.
Latoya was 6months pregnant and had a trip planned to go to Florida. But when the Zika virus turned into an outbreak she was scared to go. She asked her Doctor if it was safe and he said he wasn't sure. So Latoya was told to use her best judgement. She was too scared of the Zika virus and cancelled her Florida trip.
Bob's favorite food was lasagna. Bob's wife didn't like Lasagna because of the cheese in it. Bob tried to make lasagna himself but it was awful. He and his wife talked about how to make the lasagna. They came to a conclusion, she would make lasagna without cheese.
Joanie's mom signed her up for swimming lessons at a lake. Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons. Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore. She was petrified and prayed to get out of the test. On the last day of lessons, the bus broke down and she was spared.
Audra put her dog outside to use the bathroom. She glanced away at the TV for just a moment. Moments later, she heard a crash outside. She looked outside and her fence tipped over. She then saw her Great Dane sprinting away.
Xander enjoyed his private walking path. No one seemed to ever be on it. Xander whistled to himself merrily as he walked. Two bikes nearly ran over him! Xander turned red in embarrassment and starting paying more attention.
Tim had a crush on a girl. He saw a lot of movies and tv shows. He tried going up to her and spitting game. The girl was amused but told him he was trying to hard. Tim decided to be himself next time.
Lilly wanted to see pandas more than any other animal on her zoo trip. When she finally got to the exhibit, they were asleep! She waited and waited. Finally one woke up! It walked over to a pile of bamboo just on the other side of the fence
There were so many flavors of snow cones to chose from. Johnny was having a really hard time deciding. He narrowed it down to raspberry or chocolate. He and his friend decided they would both get different ones to share. That way they both had some of each.
Roberto identified the man in the line up. That was the man who had stolen his wallet. Roberto learned later that the man would be released. He left the police station afraid. He saw the man he identified standing in the parking lot.
I hate fish! One day, my mom cooked trout for dinner. I was angry at her. I told her off and said I was not going to eat. She grounded me and I realized I shouldn't have been so mean.
Pete hammered a nail in the wall to hang a picture. He put the picture on the nail and stood back. The picture seemed level be he was not sure. Pete used a bubble level to double check. The bubble level showed the picture to be level.
Kim had a drinking problem. Her friends and family got together to help. They all talked to Kim and tried to be comforting. Kim understood they were right. She decided to seek recovery therapy.
Anna Wickey was the kindergarten teacher's aide loved by all. She helped teach the children for over 30 years. When she retired, there was an assembly to honor her. Many students had fond memories of her as their teacher's aide. When she died her funeral was held in the school gymnasium.
I was very thirsty. I had been working outside in the garden all day. I went inside and made some lemonade. I waited for it to chill. A little while later I enjoyed the fruits of my labor.
Mitch started working at a construction site right out of high school. He was very good at it, and the boss soon gave him a raise. One day, some protesters were on the edge of the site, holding signs. They were yelling because the company hired non-union workers. Mitch had a lot to think about when he got home that day.
Sara got a phone call she never wanted. Her mom was at the hospital. She had a heart attack. Sara went to the hospital. Her mom was fine.
John went on a camping trip with his friends. It was a great day and they spent time fishing and hiking. They built a campfire and roasted marshmallows. After dinner, it started to rain and they had to sleep in the car. Despite the rain, John and his friends had a great weekend.
Nathan wanted to cook breakfast for his girlfriend. He was not a good cook. He decided to try making waffles. He followed the directions and they turned out great. She was very impressed.
Anna wanted a new dress for her Christmas party. But she couldn't afford to buy one. So she got some fabric and began sewing. Soon she had a beautiful handmade dress. All Anna's friends loved and complimented her new dress!
Early in the morning Susan heard a rapid tapping on her house. Susan realized that a woodpecker was pecking on her house. Susan needed to find a way to get rid of the annoying bird. She heard woodpeckers would not peck a house if an owl lived there. Susan bought an owl statue to scare away the woodpecker.
Aya did not know how to swim. She decided to sign up for a local class. There, they taught her basics like dog-paddling. Then she advanced to breast strokes and butterflies. Soon, Aya was swimming like an expert!
The trees around Waldo's house had started dying. He thought it was because of all the beetles that came out this year. He had to call someone to come out and cut some of them down. Hopefully, he won't lose the oak tree he planted when he was a kid. It's the tree under which he buried his dog.
Eleanor wanted some hot cocoa. She checked her cupboards, but she had none. She had to walk up to the grocery store to buy some. When she got home, she made a cup right away. Then she sat in her chair and sipped it contentedly!
I was hungry one day and decided to make food. I went to my freezer and grabbed a bag of chicken nuggets. I put the chicken nuggets on a tray in the oven and waited. I was very bored while waiting and began to fall asleep. After sleeping I woke to my house filled with smoke from burning food.
Rita was absent from school one day. The next day, her friend gave her his notes so she could catch up. She studied the notes carefully. The next time he was sick, she gave him her notes. They were glad to be able to help one another out.
Every year at the county fair they would have a pie eating contest. Arnold decided to enter into it this year. He was ready to go. They whistle blew and the contestants started. Arnold ate fifteen pies and won.
Kyle was playing basketball with his friends on the local court. Suddenly a group of younger boys approached. They challenged Kyle's team to a match. Kyle's team laughed at their puny opponents, and accepted. But the joke was on them-the younger boys beat them badly!
Sam took his kid to McDonald's. Sam bought him a happy meal. Sam's kid already had the toy it came with. He asked the employees if they could swap it out. They were more than happy to oblige.
Dan recently took his daughter to have her eyebrows waxed. Dan had never seen the procedure before and was intrigued. Dan watched intently as the specialist placed the wax on the eyebrow. Dan, however, was startled when the specialist ripped the hair off. Dan was amazed his daughter went through such pain for her eyebrows.
Mark had an interest in wines. He read voraciously about many different wines. Mark attended several wine tastings to learn more about them. Over time he became quite knowledgeable about wine. He was asked to write a weekly column about wines for his newspaper.
One night Chris was having trouble sleeping. His neighbors were blasting music above him. So he went upstairs to knock on their door and tell them off. They couldn't hear him so he went back downstairs. He fell asleep, so tired now even with the bass.
The Smurfs had a fat pet cat. It would eat more than the other cats combined. It would often steal the other cat's food. They tried to put it on a diet. And it worked.
Dan was recently on vacation in Jamaica. Dan was enjoying his morning nap, when he heard a loud noise. Dan immediately awoke, and tried to find the source of the noise. As Dan peeked outside, he saw a rooster crowing loudly. Dan was annoyed that his nap was ruined by a crowing rooster.
Kate and her friends were in line outside a club in Las Vegas. They waited close to an hour. They were finally able to go inside. And Kate stepped on a step and broke her heel. Her night was already ruined.
It was a beautiful morning. Lucy decided she wanted to go and run outside. Her friend joined her. On the way they found a fox. It was frightening.
Gina went to the park to watch the soccer game. She forgot to bring her sunblock but already drove far. Instead, she decided to endure the sun. Her mom was shocked when she came home later that day. She helped Gina manage her sunburns.
Tom wanted to speak to Santa. He sent Santa a christmas letter. He mailed it to North Pole. Someone actually sent mail back. Tom was excited, thinking it was Santa
Mel wanted to learn a new sport. He'd never been golfing and thought that might be fun. He signed up for lessons and bought golf shoes. He did very well in his first lesson! Mel was eager to improve each week.
Lois visited her elderly mother who was a patient at a nursing home. She was concerned when she saw bruises on her mother's arms. Her mother confided that the nurses were rough and sometimes mean. Lois immediately took steps to remove her mother from the facility. She then contacted state and local officials to report the abuse.
I couldn't fall asleep. I lied in bed for hours with no success. I decided to take some nighttime cough medicine. The cough medicine made me sleepy. I finally went to sleep.
The dog was hungry. The dog went into the kitchen. Its bowl was filled. The dog ate the food. The dog was not hungry anymore.
The Fosters family were devastated when they had a house fire. The house had been in their family for generations. Though the fire caused extensive damage they wanted to rebuild. Members of the community heard of their plight and helped them. After a few months the Fosters were able to move back into their home.
Gina had worn a pair of kitten earrings to school She kept twisting the earrings all day long. She knew she risked breaking them. Just then one fell into her lap. She had twisted it until the back came off and had gotten lost.
Jack lived on the coast of Texas where hurricanes occur all the time. Everyone was taking shelter due to an incoming hurricane. When the hurricane finally passed Jack went outside. There was a lot of damaged homes and properties. I hope all the homeowners have insurance.
The Smiths went on a family picnic. They went to a nearby park. The park was near a lake. They brought sandwiches and pie. After a few hours, the Smiths went home.
Remi was bored. So she decided to eat. She ate chocolate, candy, cookies, and milk. But she began to feel sick later. Remi was no longer bored.
I have been writing stories since 2005, off and off. I stopped writing for several years. I took up writing in 2011 while recovering from a stroke. I wrote several short stories, totalling about 50,000 words. I enjoyed writing, even if I never get published.
Val's mother came to her school to talk to the principal. Her mother was under the impression Val was being bullied. The principal showed her mother the reports proving Val was the bully. Her mother was stunned her daughter had lied. The principal suggested Val seek a professional therapist.
Marcus was playing in his yard when he fell. He scraped his knee leaving a bloody wound. His mom began applying a bandage to the scrape. It being his first injury, Marcus asked a ton of questions. Luckily his mom answered them all and made him much less afraid.
Jake was on a boat with his family. He was trying to enjoy the sights in the water. Unfortunately, he started to feel very sick. He ended up throwing up. By the time he got out of the restroom, the ride was over.
My girlfriend loves to exercise. Last Saturday she called me, noticeably upset. She said she ran out of Gatorade. I asked her if she wanted me to bring her some. She told me to bring vodka as well.
A man went to the golf course to play a round by himself. The worker at the course asked if he would want a caddie. The man did not have enough money to afford one. He declined the offer and set his bag down at the first hole. He played the entire round with just two clubs and a putter.
June was a waitress. She was about to quit her job of 3 years. It was difficult and she dealt with rude people. One night she waited on a horrible person. However, he left her a tip of one million dollars.
Jeff loaned $20 dollars to Nate. Nate promised him that he would return the money. A week later, Nate moved to a different country overseas. Jeff asked his sister if she knew why he left. She said that he never gave a reason.
It snowed so much that the roads were closed. Tony decided to stay home instead of going to work. He took his sled out and went down the hills a million times. He had forgotten how much fun it was to play outside. He came home and warmed up by the fire.
My parents are young at heart. They enjoy having little fun moments. Every time we go to a restaurant, it begins. It's a race to see who can get to their straw first. Then they shoot the wrapper at each other.
Barry's mom told him to go to the grocery store. He headed out soon afterward. In the store, he realized he hadn't asked what to buy. He decided just to grab some bananas and head home. When he returned, his mother was thankful.
After a few weeks of sickness, Shelly discovered she was pregnant. She was thrilled, and told her husband, mother and sister immediately. She told them to tell no one, as she wanted to tell people slowly. Later that day she saw her mother had told everyone on Facebook. Shelly resolved to never tell her mother a secret again.
Paul was the head cook in a restaurant. He noticed that there were several canned goods that were out of date. He had the rest of the kitchen staff throw away the expired goods. Paul called the manager of the restaurant. The manager ordered extra of the goods that had expired.
Fred briefly dated a younger woman who was in her late thirties. Fred quickly broke up with her and they lost contact. Several months later, Fred heard that she had given birth. Fred was shocked to get legal papers that alleged he was the father. Fred felt fortunate when he was cleared by a paternity test.
Deena was at a crosswalk about to cross. She was in the middle of the road when suddenly her bag ripped. Her things fell everywhere and she rushed to pick them up. Cars began honking but luckily some people offered to help. Finally Deena got out of the road.
Jonah stayed late to help his boss at work. They ordered some food while working. And at the end of the night, his boss thanked him for his time. Jonah didn't even mind he had to pay for the food. Because his boss promoted him to head of his section.
Mary need a new toaster because her old one wasn't working. She decided to go to the local department store to see their products. She found a toaster at the price she wanted and decided to buy it. When she brought the toaster back to her house she quickly tested it. She found it was a bit faster than her old one so her toast was dark.
A colleague recently asked me why I became a psychologist. I told her it was because of a childhood friend of mine. We were playing in the woods, when we were joined by another boy. As I greeted him, my friend expressed surprise I could see him, too. However, the boy who joined us, couldn't see my friend at all.
Kate's grandpa had a nightclub. Her grandpa went to set up for opening later that night. He took the kids with him to see the place. They had the whole place to themselves. They had a great time playing pool and using the jukebox.
Omer was excited for his birthday party. At the party, his friend Sam gave him a birthday present. Omer was very excited. He opened the package and found a basketball. Omer hated basketball so he gave it away.
Linda wanted to be healthy. She decided to cut out soda. Her cravings grew and grew. She couldn't help it anymore. She ran to the store and bought a case of Diet Coke.
Fred wanted to go on a ride. But the park wouldn't let him. He was too short. He begged but they said no. So he had to find something else.
My uncle had several raccoons on his property. He tried to set out a cage. He put food it in, and trapped a raccoon. He drove it further into the country. He let it go on an old country road.
Tristan visited his grandmother's house one day. His grandmother told him a story about a lucky charm. The grandmother handed him the lucky charm from the story. The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him. Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground!
Oscar the cat woke up very hungry. First, he looked in his own bowl for some cat food. He found no food there. Then, he looked in the dog's bowl for some food. He was so hungry that he ate all of the dog's food.
Rick was searching for a bicycle helmet. But he didn't want to settle for something cheap. He saw an expensive helmet on sale. And he bought it right away. Rick was happy about how much money he saved.
I wanted to learn pottery. I decided to join a class. I met a woman at the class. She was attractive so I asked her out. She agreed to a date!
Carter was outside by the pool. His mom walked by. Carter pushed his mom into the pool. Carter's mom had her cell phone in her pocket. The phone was ruined.
There was a bad smell coming from Kim's house. She couldn't figure it out. She looked in the fridge. Then she finally saw it. It was her little brother's gym bag.
Kate goes on spring break. She goes with a group of friends. She is having a blast with her friends traveling. They spend too much time drinking. Kate regrets not doing more sightseeing.
Faith was working on her laptop. A popup told her there was a virus! She panicked and shut the computer off. She had to protect her files! Faith couldn't afford to buy a new laptop.
Lucy had a big imagination. She liked to pretend about a lot of things. Sometimes she let her imagination run away with her. She started writing these things down. She wrote the best children's stories.
Michael and Ann decided to have a picnic. They did not check the weather before. They packed some food into a basket. They went to a park. In about an hour it started to rain.
Linus found a blanket on the street. He carried the blanket with him wherever he went. One day he forgot his blanket in the park. He went back in a panic to find it. He found the blanket where he left it.
Nate received a scholarship from the university he applied to. The amount he earned was $1000 dollars. He decided to donate the rest to homeless people. Several people living on the streets saw him catch their attention. He gave $10 dollars to each person.
Kerry wanted to cook on the grill. He asked his wife what kind of meat she wanted. Kerry went to the store. He picked up meat for his wife and himself. Kerry cooked supper for himself and his wife.
She had been waking up every morning sick. She knew this was not normal. She went to the doctor to get things checked out. The results were confirmed. She was pregnant.
Julie wanted her very own phone. She asked her mother if she could have one. Julie's mom took her to the phone store. Julie was allowed to pick out the phone she wanted. She is very happy that she can now text with her friends.
Kevin didn't know what to get for lunch. He looked all throughout his house for leftover food. He didn't want to spend money so he'd prefer not to. He ended up finding some leftover pasta from the other night! Kevin told me he was really excited about finding free food for lunch!
Last winter my brothers and sisters brought my mom a  coat. This coat was a surprise for her birthday. One of my sisters hid the coat in her bedroom closet. The day before her birthday, she enter the kitchen wearing the coat. We all had to laugh.
Sam needed a new desk. But he wanted to save money by building one himself. He thought the process of building a desk was fun. So he began building other pieces of furniture too. Eventually, Sam became a skilled builder.
Jake was very unhappy about the way his political party was ran. He decided to do something about his disdain. Jake started a campaign to run for a senate office. He worked very hard to convince people he was a good candidate. Jake won the election to become a leader in his political party.
Tom was at an outdoor market. He was trying to buy an item he liked. He haggled for a while and finally bought it. Tom thought he got a good deal on it. He later found it online much cheaper.
Abby was ready to get her first tattoo. She was nervous because she was afraid it would hurt. Abby sat down and trembled. Finally the needle came to her skin. The pain was bad but worth it.
Johnny got a new pet fish for his birthday. He named his fish Nemo. Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty. Johnny scooped Nemo out into a bowl. Afterwards, he changed the water and put Nemo back into his tank.
A friend of the family has an old farm. He's way out in the country, and coyotes come around. One night all of our dogs took off to chase the coyotes. When the coyotes started yipping and howling, the dogs ran back. No sane dog chases a pack of wild coyotes.
Yesterday I went to the doctor. I had to get a round of shots. I hate getting shots. When I was done with the Doctor, I got candy. The candy was a reward.
Wagyu wanted to donate to charity. He wasn't sure what charity to donate to. He decided to research some charities. He decided to donate to the American Red Cross. Later, he realized that the American Red Cross was a poor choice.
Jace had severe allergies. The flowers in his mother's garden began to bloom. Jace began to sneeze and get really sick. Jace missed school for almost a week. Jace's mother decided not to replant her garden the next year.
There was a heavy snow in Hannah's neighborhood. Despite the snow, Hannah had to go to school. She hoped that the snow would not melt while she was at school. There was still snow on the ground when Hannah came home. She didn't let homework keep her from building a snowman.
I always wanted a game system. I requested an xbox 360 for christmas. I opened up a gift under the tree. It was the Xbox 360. I played all day long.
Tasha believed in helping those in need. If she knew you needed something, she would try to help you get it. While driving to work, she noticed a woman walking along the highway. Tasha offered the woman a lift to the store. To thank her, the lady carjacked Tasha.
Kaya dropped her cell phone in the bathtub. She pulled it out right away. She tried to soak it in a bowl of rice. But in the morning, the phone was not fixed at all. Kaya was sad that the rice trick had not worked.
I have been a vegan for several years. I am passionate about veganism. I recently met a very nice boy. Unfortunately, he loves wearing leather jackets. Things are not working out for our relationship.
Dana wanted to switch into the electrical engineering program. Dana was required to take a qualifying class on circuits and devices. Dana found the workload overwhelming and the material dry. Dana did not end up passing the class. Dana decided to pursue computer science instead.
Jim played ball in the yard. His friends wanted to come over. Jim wouldn't let them. Then, jim got bored. He let his friends in the yard and had lots of fun.
Conner is 30 years old and has suffered with anxiety all of his life. He used to be on anti-anxiety pills but stopped taking them. He was afraid of becoming addicted to them like his dad did. So he looked for other ways to deal with the anxiety. He started meditating and it really helped him with his anxiety.
Michael noticed that he was eating more than usual. He began to gain unwanted extra weight. Michael decided to change his diet and start running. He stayed consistent for two months. Michael was so happy to lose all of the extra weight.
The man stored emergency supplies in his cellar. There was never an emergency. The supplies deteriorated. The next owner found them. The next owner had it removed.
Lance wanted to learn how to sing. He signed up to take voice lessons in his hometown. Lance practiced diligently both in and out of his lessons. Finally he was becoming a great singer. Lance was happy that he had learned to sing.
I went on amazing date with a man named Chris when I was 22. Chris got a job out of state and moved away two weeks later. Seven years later, we ran into each other at a wedding. He asked me out and we went on our second date seven years later. We've been together ever since.
I had to dissect a frog for biology. My lab partner did not want to participate. So I was left to do the work by myself. Since I was by myself, I got extra credit. It was a great experience.
Paul didn't know who to vote for in the presidential election. He decided to watch the presidential debate. Paul took note of important topics discussed. After doing more research online, he finally decided. Paul felt good making an informed decision.
Susan could always rely on her best friend Renee. Susan was upset when she heard Renee had been talking behind her back. She confronted Renee about it and Renee claimed she was innocent. They both confronted their friend Kim, who confessed she made it up. Susan and Renee stopped being friends with Kim, who was untrustworthy.
It was Joe's turn to take the garbage out to the street. He turned the corner around his house and heard some rustling. It was dark, so Joe couldn't see what was making the noise. In the dark, Joe heard a loud growl. Suddenly, Joe could see a huge bear digging through his garbage.
Liz noticed a baby bird on the ground in front of a tree. She looked up and saw a nest about 8 feet up. She carefully lifted the baby into the nest. The mother came back with food for her babies. She didn't seem to notice one had been touched by a person.
Adrian needed to deposit funds at the bank. He approached the teller. When he reached for his wallet, he found he'd forgotten his card. The teller informed him he couldn't deposit without it. He headed back home feeling quite silly.
A goal of mine is to be able to do a thousand pushups in one day. Right now my best is about six hundred in one day. I worked hard at it for a year, slowly making progress. I also ate healthy and got plenty of rest. A year later I can now do well over one thousand pushups.
I convinced my mom I was going to school. In reality I was never admitted to college. Today I went to the library instead. I told her it was my first day of classes. She believed me for now.
Jan was a compulsive overeater. She knew she needed help to quit. She joined a weight loss club to help her. They helped her learn accountability and control. Sun Jan had lost ten pounds and was so happy!
Jeremy loves to play the board game Monopoly. Jeremy called three of his friends to come play with him. He won the game handily. His friends got upset and left. James' friends refused to play with him again.
Tom decided to go skiing in a snowstorm. His friends told him it was a bad idea. He set out against howling winds and pelting snow. Finally, he made it to the bottom of the diamond run. He had a cup of hot chocolate with his friends at the lodge.
Anna had some wine every night after work. She didn't see it as a problem. Then one day she ran out. She panicked, and knew her reaction wasn't normal. Anna decided to cut down on her drinking right away.
Tim loved politics. He was not formally educated in them. He decided to run for office anyway. He was surprised by how little his opponent knew. Tim did much better than expected.
Miley wants clothes. Miley doesn't have enough money for them. She decides to steal them. She stuffs them in her jacket and leaves. She gets away with the stolen clothes.
India was teaching her daughter how to color. India had to show her daughter how to stay in the lines. India's daughter, after a few tries, stayed in the lines. India was proud of how her daughter was coloring the picture. In the end, the picture was pretty, and everything was in the line.
Sia went out and danced in the Autumn breeze. She twirled and spun, without a care in the world. Sia didn't notice she'd moved into the middle of the street. A large freight truck smacked straight into her. Sia's body was turned into bloody pieces of meat on its grille.
We had seven cows. My dad bought two more. They both had one baby last week. We sell the cattle for money. Now, we have eleven cows to sell.
Ned was Jewish and had a big nose. He was sensitive about it. He decided to get it fixed. He went to the surgeon and had a nose job. Ned felt much better about himself afterwards.
Tim had extra bills to pay around the holiday season. Luckily his yearly company bonus was enough to cover it. Tim noticed he never got one this year. When he asked they told him that the company had to scale that back. Tim was disappointed and had to reallocate his resources.
John  wanted to go to the city. He wanted to go to H&M. He went in and bought a shirt. He was happy with it. He went back home.
My sister-in-law has a 30-year old granddaughter. She had 4 kids, 11, 9, 7, and 2. She lost the children due to neglect. She has a six-month period to prove herself. Last week she showed up drunk to visit her kids and was turned away.
I have always wanted a designer Coach Purse. I can't afford one though, as they are quite expensive. Last week, I was at the local thrift store looking for some curtains. Imagine my joy when I found two Coach purses for only $17 each! Now I feel classy and stylish, carrying around my thrifty treasures.
Mary was outside watering her flowers. Suddenly, a bee stung her. Mary was allergic to bees and started to get scared. She called 911 and an ambulance came. Her quick thinking had saved her life.
My wife told me that I needed to get organized. I decided to buy a wall calendar. To get the best value, I bought one for the following year. There were three months between its start and now. My wife insisted I would need a short-term organizational strategy.
A group of friends planned to hang out after school. When school was over, they all met up. They drove back to their house. They went to their garage and grabbed their music equipment. The band jammed for 3 and half hours.
Edgar was helping his wife navigate their car. They were on a long trip and were lost. For some reason Edgar couldn't find their map though. He realized he must have left it at their last hotel. Instead they had to keep driving until they could ask for directions.
Tom received a lot of junk mail. He hated it all. He tried calling the companies to get them to stop. But nothing seemed to work. Eventually he just gave up and threw it away every day.
Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach. They jumped over the waves and had fun. Then her boyfriend took out a ring box. Kelly was shocked and in tears. He ended up proposing
Kelly loved Halloween. She found a fake skeleton to put in her yard. All the kids in the neighborhood were scared of it. They would dare each other to touch it. Kelly liked watching the kids creep by it.
I didn't date a single growing up. At twenty my mom started worrying I'd be single forever. She told me my standards were too high. At twenty-one I met a model from India. We've now been together for four Years and three months.
Some birds pick feathers and lose much of their feathers. A parrot without feathers can be comfortable in a warm home. However, a Florida zoo has a penguin that lost its feathers. He must swim in very cold water. The zoo keepers molded a wet suit for the penguin.
When the flood came no one saw it coming. The waters swept away every home in the town. The rescue crews works all day and night to save people. After the waters went down there was nothing left. The town was just a memory.
I went to Camp as a child. I was having fun when I first got there. The second day, I started to feel sicker and sicker. Also, a girl fell off a slide and busted her head open bloody. I was so freaked out, I called my mom to come get me.
Sammy joined his school band. He was given the trumpet to play. He tried practicing every day but it annoyed his parents. They told him he could only practice at school. He never got that good.
Greg was watching a movie and wanted some popcorn. He heated up some oil on the stove, and then added the kernels. It took a few minutes, but the kernels began to pop. When all of the popcorn was done, Greg put it into a bowl. Finally, he seasoned the popcorn with yummy seasonings.
There was a riot in the street People were breaking stuff and stealing The cops came into the picture They started tazing people the riot stopped
Perry was always made fun of. His friends told him he looked like a child. One night Perry decided he wasn't going to shave. He didn't shave for weeks. Now Perry has a beard down to his shoulders!
Liza was nervous to start her first day of school. She took extra time getting dressed and ready. Finally she was out the door. When she got to school she met some nice people. Making new friends eased her worries.
My husband came home walking with a limp. I asked him what was wrong. He said he'd injured his back at work. Sitting in the same position for hours had caused a lot of pain. We decided to schedule an appointment to get it checked out.
Our family loves game night. The kids pick out the game to play. Usually we will play for an hour or two. After that it is time for bed. The kids usually want to keep playing.
Mia needed a way to transport her dog. She went online and discovered a new product. It was a carrier designed to look like a washing machine! Mia thought it was the cutest thing ever! She bought one for her dog and waited impatiently for it to arrive.
There was a house that was said to be haunted. The owners tried hard to sell it but no one wanted it. They hired a priest to get rid of the evil spirits. The priest came to the house and walked around. He said there never was any ghosts there in the first place.
The family liked to travel when school was out. They decided to go skiing over Christmas Break. They went to Colorado and stayed at a resort. It was beautiful and so much fun! They learned how to ski very well by the end of their trip.
Laura had her first baby and was so happy. She loved being a mother but was sad about the changes in her body. She was not happy with loss of muscle definition. During her baby's nap time Laura began to exercise. Laura quickly began to gain back her muscle tone and was happy.
Barry is a avid Madrid soccer fan. Barry knew that Madrid was going to play England today. Barry decided to find a local bar to watch the soccer game at. Once Barry arrived, he was shocked to see how packed it was. Barry was glad he got to watch the game at the bar.
Tom was a rich snobby man, spoiled by a life of excess. He never had to work or worry about paying one single bill in life. He was the heir of a rich oil tycoon and money was never an issue. He treated people like his subjects and believed he could control all. One day he lost it all and went insane due to poverty.
Jane had put up her house on the market just last week. She patiently waited for the open house to be over. Finally, the last few couples left her house and she was tired. She felt a range of emotions and talked to the realtor. She told him that she decided to keep her house.
Mrs Smith put on a lecture at about mirrors at a local University. The concept of mirrors was related to always being real with yourself. A young man understood and agreed with her concept of being real. Hie implemented this concept into his everyday life. Now, he looks in the mirror everyday as a reminder to be real.
Amy awoke in a good mood. It was the first time in weeks she was happy. She had been in a funk because her crush had rejected her. Today that all seemed miles away. Amy's mother was pleased to see Amy smiling as she ate breakfast.
It was a beautiful day in the park when Lily was walking with Joe. The two took a break from walking and sat on the bench. Joe looked into Lily's eyes and stroked her hair. He told her how beautiful she was and that he liked her. The two then leaned in and shared their first kiss.
Greg has always loved seeing different animals. He schedules a trip to his local zoo. At the zoo, Greg sees lions, tigers, and penguins. At the end of the day Greg returns home. Greg is very happy he took a trip to the zoo.
Tom was dating a girl with a twin. One night they tried to pull a trick on him. They switched places to see if he would notice. Tom noticed right away. He wasn't fooled for even a minute.
Lacey kept waking up in the middle of night. She couldn't figure out why she was waking up. She decided to video herself sleeping. The next day, she decided to watch the video. Lacey found that the cat was walking in and nudging her.
Jake was trying to call his mom. He had no reception on his phone. He drove around in his car trying to find reception. He was finally able to find a good spot after driving 10 minutes. Jake called up his mom and told her he would be running late.
Gina's teen brother and father were fighting. Gina's mother went downstairs to stop the fight. But she was having a hard time doing so. Gina could still hear the sounds of the fight through the floor. She considered going down, but she didn't want to get caught in it.
After a party I fell asleep on the last train. I missed my stop and ended up in a neighboring city. Nothing was open and I didn't see any taxis. I walked in the general direction of the city until I saw a taxi. The driver took me home and didn't charge too much.
I spent an entire week eating nothing but pizza. Soon, my stomach started hurting. I did not want to give up the pizza. My friend decided to come over and cook for me. The food was so delicious, that I gave up pizza for good.
Tabitha was trying to get dressed for school. She was having a tough time digging through the mess. She decided that she had had enough of the mess. When she got home from school she went straight to cleaning. It took her all evening but soon it was perfectly clean.
Sylvia never took much interest in the armed forces. In fact, she was actually somewhat anti-military for most of her life. After retiring, Sylvia was offered a part-time job. She accepted this job driving Army recruits for entrance processing. Since then, Sylvia has more favorable opinions about the military.
My daughter and her husband are renting a house in Queens. One day the pipe under the sink had a slow leak. My daughter called the landlord. He told her to put a bucket under the pipe. My daughter's husband replaced the pipe himself.
Ricky loved to eat chips. When he got a cavity, he couldn't eat them without pain. Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed. Within a day, all his tooth pain was gone. Soon he was back to eating chips!
We got a dog recently and his presence itself is a gift. His favorite activity is cuddles and playing fetch. The way he lives is interesting because he only has one emotion. It's happy, and you can't ever take that away from him. I've learned many lessons through him, and one is just to be happy.
Jenna was organizing a blood drive. They wanted to collect blood from a hundred people. The students all came out of class to donate. They beat their goal by 50 percent! They set their sights on an even better showing next year.
Jessica had always loved Bruce Springsteen. She decided to go to a concert near her city. She was near the front and was rocking to the music. Bruce called her up on stage to dance with him during a song. The whole night was something Jessica would never forget.
Tameka was a hard working woman and a mother of three kids. But she lost her job in an auto financing center. She didn't qualify for unemployment and she didn't know what to do. She went to her local welfare office and applied for welfare. Protesters outside screamed welfare recipients were takers.
It was Christina's first assignment as a photojournalist of war. She flew to Egypt and met several more journalists. They found out the war was being fought in Ajdabiya. A tour guide helped the journalists illegally enter Ajdabiya. Before the next day Christina was a prisoner of war.
Chris was diagnosed with a small flu. The doctor recommended that he took some time to rest. A week later, the deadline for him to register for classes passed. Chris tried to explain his situation to a guidance counselor. She told him that he can't register for the upcoming term.
Tim was watching a movie with his girlfriend. She thought it was really scary. It made her get closer and hold onto Tim. Tim really liked the reaction. He decided to watch more scary movies with her.
Our 2 year old granddaughter lives in NYC. We are in Boston and do not see her much. Last week we visited her, walking in through a brown door. Yesterday our daughter sent a video of our granddaughter. She was pointing to the door and saying our names.
Anna was traveling in a foreign city. As the sun set, it grew dark. Suddenly she saw that she was lost! She hurriedly flagged down a passing taxi. The taxi drove Anna back to her hotel.
We went out last night. When we came home we saw a car in the garage had its lights on. My wife took the location down. We told the concierge, who said he had been calling. The car battery will be dead this morning.
Cade likes to put puzzles together. Today, Cade decides to put his spider-man puzzle together. He gets all the way done, and notices a piece missing. Shaking the box, he finds one stuck at the bottom. Putting the last piece on, he can now step back and look at his work.
My grandparents bought me a kite one day. My grandpa showed me how to get it to fly. I went off on my own to fly it. A really big gust of wind came and made my kite soar really high! It flew so high I couldn't see it anymore until I pulled it down.
Denise and her friends wanted to go see a movie. Her friends wanted to see a horror movie, but Denise was scared. She decided to go with her friends anyway. At the movie, Denise got scared and had to leave. She wished she had just stayed home from the beginning.
Kurt loved racing cars. One day, he came over and asked to borrow my thunderbird. I was wary, as he promised he wasn't going to race it. I let him borrow the car. After he died, I found a paper that showed he had indeed raced my car.
Jason wants to learn kung fu. He buys a book about it online. When the book is delivered he reads the whole thing in one sitting. Jason practices kicks and punches in his room. Jason realizes that reading a book is not a good way to learn kung-fu.
John was a lifelong Steelers fan. One Sunday his buddy challenged him to a bet. John bet a hundred dollars that the Steelers would win. John and his buddy got together Monday. John frowned, and forked over the money to his ex-friend.
I went to my mom's house tonight. She asked me if I was hungry. I went to the kitchen to make a sandwich. Her dog was begging for food. I gave the dog a piece of bread.
There were few places to sleep at Gina's grandma's house. She decided to sleep on the couch. But the couch was too soft. Gina tossed and turned, certain she would never fall asleep. After 5 minutes she was in a deep sleep and snoring.
Amy had cut horrible bangs. Her mother decided she needed a professional to help. Her mother went to the bathroom. Amy took advantage and had the lady cut her hair into a bob. Amy's mother freaked and grounded her for a week.
Beth was sewing an item for a customer. Her machine had stopped working. She drove to the local fabric store to purchase a new one. The machines in the shop cost more than she wanted to spend. Beth ended up paying twice as much as planned for the new machine.
Tyler bought a new stamp with his name on it. He stamped his name on everything he owned. When he was done his arm was very sore. He rested his arm and did a few stretches. Tyler felt a lot better and looked for more things to stamp.
The man at the pizzeria had a busy day making pizzas. He stuck his hand in the over to take out a slice. The heat of the oven was too much for the man. His hand felt like he had a sunburn because of the oven. After putting aloe on it, he felt good enough to work more.
Dee ran through the lush, green meadow without a care in the world. A beautiful butterfly landed in the palm of her hand. She smiled at it and even sang a few notes of a song to it. It started to fly away and Dee reflexively closed her fingers. She crushed the poor insect into pulp and cried all the way home.
Julia bought a bed online. At first, she really liked it. That night, when she laid down the bed broke and fell apart. The next morning she contacted the owner. She asked for her money back.
Eva's passion in life was bird watching. She got up early in the morning and went into the woods. She looked into her binoculars, and watched the different birds. She was delighted to see a rare bird warbling in a tree. She carefully noted this bird in her journal, and went home.
Anna needed a new coat for winter. She had outgrown her old one. She went to several stores. Then she found the perfect coat! Anna bought it and started wearing it immediately.
Stan went to a folk music concert. He brought a recorder with him to record the music. Stan held up his recording device during the show. His arm got tired so he held it lower after a while. When he listened to the recording it was all pretty good.
Jack collected books about wrestlers. Jack sold one of these books to the bookstore for six dollars. Later he learned that the bookstore was selling the book for $50. After doing some research, Jack discovered he had sold a rare book. Jack vowed to do more research before selling another book.
Rob wanted to improve his mile run time. So he searched for good running shoes. Eventually, he found a pair that he liked. But his mile time didn't improve. Rob realized it was up to himself to improve.
Jane's old dog recently passed away. Jane felt very sad for her loss. After 6 months, she decided to rescue another dog. She went to her local shelter. Jane found her new best friend and couldn't be happier.
It was Sue's birthday, but she still had to go to work. Unfortunately, work was very stressful that day. Sue looked forward to her dinner plans with friends. Upon arriving home, she was pleased to find several cards in the mail. Even with a bad day at work, Sue's birthday was a good one after all.
I was watering the grass with the hose nozzle. The day was very hot and sunny. I left the hose lying to get a drink. The hot sun caused the hose to burst. Tape wouldn't fix it, so I bought a new hose.
Gene was going hunting with Eric. Eric told him to go get his hunting license. Gene figured he would get by without one. Within five minutes of being out there a ranger showed up. Gene was given a huge fine for not having his license.
Jake invited friends over to play board games. They had drinks and played Monopoly mostly. Everyone had a good time. Eventually there was no winner and it got late. They called it a draw and went home.
Alicia wanted to rent this really nice apartment. So she when and filled out an application. Unfortunately however she was denied entry. The man said she didn't have a high enough credit score. Alicia was so bummed and had to look elsewhere.
Jacky couldn't stop making fun of Bradley. He felt extremely tired and drowsy today. When he left, he almost passed out. Jacket asked the teacher if she knew what was wrong with him. She said that Bradley was undergoing Chemotherapy.
One of the laboratories caught on fire. The teaching assistant pressed the fire alarm. Everyone in the building came out. The fire wasn't clear until 10 minutes later. Since the laboratory was destroyed, the teacher cancelled the class.
Brian claimed his mom makes the best pasta. Brandon went over Brian's house. His mom cooked pasta. She didn't actually make the pasta. She just bought it from the store!
Karen saw an autobiography on TV. She thought that she should write down some of her life. Karen began writing about what she ate that morning. However, she couldn't remember much else. Karen scrapped the idea and decided it was boring anyways.
Amy needed to do a load of laundry. She decided to put the clothes in the washer before work. She grabbed the bleach to pour into the washer. The bleach splashed back and ruined her black pants. Amy changed pants and was late to work as a result.
Yesterday we went to the middle of town. It was basically nowhere. So we had no service. It was terrible. I felt so bored.
Molly was a dog that loved to go on walks. Karen liked to take her dog Molly on walks and see Molly happy. They would walk around the block every night after dinner. Molly and Karen both looked forward to these walks. Karen knew she would always remember this perfect time with Molly.
After coming in from outside one of my dogs was very sick. He was constantly coughing and I felt really bad. I tried waiting a few days to take him to the vet to see how he was. He started coughing more and more so I took him to the vet. The vet diagnosed him and gave him some medication as well.
Last year Dunkin Donuts had a football promotion. They gave out a free coffee if the Patriots won. This year we expected the same, but were disappointed. DD only reduced the price of a medium coffee to eighty seven cents. My wife stopped going to DD on Mondays in protest.
Whitney loves a good sale. She was given $100 to spend by her mom. She was able to find many bargains. She bought 4 pairs of shoes and 5 dresses. She is the queen of sales.
Maya found a tiny kitten wandering in the street. She wanted to keep the kitten, but her lease did not allow pets. She asked her mother if she could keep the kitten for a short while. Her mother agreed to keep the kitten for a few months. Maya found a new apartment, and brought the kitten to live with her.
The luggage was lost at the airport. The woman demanded its return. The luggage didn't show up ever again. The woman was angry. She sued the airport.
Eric was looking at his recent purchase at the art supply store. He liked art when he was in school and even won an award. He never thought about art much until recently. He decided he would give it a try. Not much else was going on so he figured he would give it a try.
Peter was 16 and wanted to quit school. He wished he could work all day instead of sitting in class. But his parents said he had to stay in school. Later in life, Peter realized they had done the right thing. He thanked his parents for their smart decision.
Bernie was fed up with income inequality. Bernie decided to run for president. The main stream media tried to suppress him. Eventually his voice was heard. Making an amazing comeback he won the nomination and the presidency.
Fred always played scratch tickets. But he got no luck. Finally he won something. He couldn't believe it. He immediately told his family's.
Tess was feeling quite glum this week. On Saturday, she decided to go to the mall. At the mall, she spotted a nice ring that she could not afford. Tess stole the ring and put it in her purse. Tess walked out of the mall, feeling a bit less glum.
Joe was sad. He wasn't as tall as his friends. He wished he were taller. His mother sat him down. She said that what really matters is that he is a good person.
Sarah cherished her favorite toy that her mother gave her. One night, Sarah couldn't find her favorite toy. She looked up, down, and everywhere in the house. Sarah's mother gave her the toy after telling her she was cleaning it. Sarah has never felt such relief in her life.
My family did not want to cut the grass at the edge of our yard. It was steep there. And it was on a busy street. So we got landscaping timbers. And we planted shrubs there.
Isabel had always wanted her own clubhouse. One summer, her dad decided to build her one in the backyard. Although he was no carpenter, he tried so hard to make it special. He even figured out a way to put in a skylight and windows. Isabel remembered his loving effort for the rest of her life.
Ron was busy building a wooden shelf in his workshop. He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil. With a saw he then cut up the pieces. Ron used mostly screws but some glue to assemble it. He set the finished shelf aside to let the glue dry.
Sam felt bad. He went to the doctor. The doctor told Sam he had a cold. Sam took a couple of days off. He drank lots of liquids and felt better after a while.
Mother was making her family stew. Father thought she never put enough salt in it, so he added some. Unbeknownst to him, their daughter had done the same! And their son had snuck some in, also! Mother was not happy when she realized her stew had been ruined.
Kelly loved music festivals. Every year she would find a new festival to attend. At work, she discovered that one of her co-workers also loved music. Kelly invited her to go to a festival with her. They went to the festival and had a good time.
Jill was excited to tell her mom that she was engaged. She wanted the two of them to plan all the wedding details. They chose green for the color and carnations for the wedding flower. They hired a caterer, a baker, a DJ, and a florist. The last thing they had to do was make the favors for the guests!
I'm in a long distance relationship right now. I am deployed overseas in the army. My girlfriend and I video chat every now and then. In two weeks I get to go home and see her. I'm looking for ways to pass the time so time goes by faster.
Tim needed to lose weight. He made a bet with his friend. Whoever lost more weight would pay the other $50! Tim was motivated not to lose his money. He lost more weight and won $50!
Hank was house shopping. He narrowed it down to three houses. He looked at them all. He discussed options with the realtor. He could not make up his mind on which one.
Gina hated being crammed in a room with 2 other girls. She was always looking for some place she could be alone. In the summer she could sit in the garage. She would leave the door open and let the natural light stream in. It was her very own private oasis.
I always wanted a pet. I finally decided to get one. I went to the pet store. I saw a pretty kitten. I decided to buy the kitten!
Lane opened the package that held her knew kite. She unraveled the string, so it would be longer. She began to run as wind caught her kite. The kite suspended into air. She loosened the string using the handle, and watched her kite soar.
The leather belt I owned was getting old. It had small pieces constantly falling off. Unfortunately I did not have money for a new one. I decided to use tape to hold the belt together. After that the belt worked like new.
Jessie's sister-in-law was pregnant. They were expecting the baby any day. One night, Jessie got a bad phone call. Her mom let her know that the baby had passed away. Jessie rushed to the hospital to comfort her brother and his wife.
Tom was known a great football player. He won many awards. One day, Tom was found to cheat at the game. Tom lied and lied, when everyone knew the truth. Now, the mark of "cheater" also followed Tom to the Hall of Fame.
Jess was looking for a new song to learn. She searched and searched for inspiration. Jess's best friend died suddenly. Jess was very sad and composed a song about it. She played it at her best friend's funeral.
Joe and his wife went camping for their anniversary. They arrived at the camp site late and secured the last spot. They were kept awake all night by loud neighbors. They got up extra early and were as loud as can be. They got revenge on their neighbors by waking them up!
Bryan went to the dentist for the first time in years. He figured that it would be okay because he had brushed well. The dentist announced that Bryan had several cavities. Bryan was completely surprised. He had to have everything filled.
A friend called and invited me to the movies one night. We decided to meet at the theater an hour before the movie started. As I got ready to leave I couldn't find my wallet! I called my friend and apologised and invited her over instead. I ended up cooking dinner for her and we had a great night anyway.
Ken ordered a coffee in the morning. He was in a rush to get to work. The coffee was really hot and burned his lips. Ken dropped the cup in shock. He was without coffee the rest of the morning.
Georgina has never had a smartphone before. She was confused by the interface. She brought the phone to her friend who knows a lot about smartphones. Her friend explained how to do basic things with the interface. Now Georgina isn't scared to use her phone anymore.
I needed money. I delivered flowers for a flower shop the week of Mother's Day. I used my car to drive all over the city. I started to hear my brakes making squeaking sounds. All the driving meant I had to spend my earnings on new brake pads.
At the Mexican restaurant, Jordan patted his full stomach. He had eaten a lot of spicy food. Suddenly his face fell as he felt an instant need for a toilet. In the bathroom, the toilet was broke but there was a cat box. Jordan went back to his table looking like the cat that ate the canary.
Bradley came home from the war to find squatters in his home. He went to the law but they could not do anything. Bradley was upset about this. Coincidentally, that night some masked ruffians beat up the squatters. Bradley moved into his suddenly vacated home.
Natasha cared a lot about her grades. In order to get an A in gym class, she would need to climb the rope. Natasha was nervous, as she wasn't very strong. She decided to start lifting weights. On the day of the test, Natasha climbed to the top!
Brittany decided to try out for cheerleading. She had never cheered before. She practiced every day before tryouts. During the tryout, she did her best and smiled big. She made the squad!
Sally was a good girl with a cat. Sally's cat was fat and lazy. Sally tried to walk her cat. Her cat would not comply. Now Sally's cat is obese.
Julie spent a lot of hours writing blogs for her website. Her website was ranking on the front page on Google for keywords. But her web developer decided to update her website. Her website stopped ranking on Google. Julie called upset because now she isn't getting customers.
Jim was a new chef working his first day. A customer ordered a burger and he started to cook it. As it was cooking, it caught fire. Jim luckily had good training and put the fire out. The customer got a new burger and everyone was safe.
A large sheet of ice clung to the side of an iceberg. A bird towards it and landed on the sheet. The extra weight of the bird caused the sheet to shift. As it shifted, the ice cracked began to slide. The bird jumped off and the ice sheet dropped into the sea.
I had asked Katie on a date. She came over to my apartment with a copy of Sound of Music. As the movie progressed I realized I was going to be moved by it. As the family in the film escaped the Nazi's, I began to cry a little. I was successful in hiding this from Katie!
The couple was getting ready to celebrate their fiftieth anniversary. They had planned a huge party. All guests had responded. The food had been ordered. The night was going to be great.
Tina was hungry. So she decided to get ice cream. She tried a taste. It was good. Tina wanted to go back.
Ada was a potato farmer in Romania. She longed for life in the big city of Bucharest. One day, a gentleman came and offered to buy her potato farm. She made a small fortune with the money. Ada moved to Bucharest, but longed for the countryside again.
Tom desired to improve his memory. He asked his friend for tips. His friend was very smart. His friend suggested numerous techniques. The techniques worked and Tom's memory improved.
Camille was watching her sister's dance recital. Camille's sister performed three dances at the recital. Camille was excited and proud of her sister. Camille gave her sister flowers after the performance. The family celebrated at dinner that night.
Ralph was a high school football player. He was also failing his classes and couldn't play in games. The team needed him to get his grades up so he can play. Ralph skipped practice and studied for his tests instead. Ralph passed all his tests and became eligible that day!
Tom lived in Arizona. He wanted to add a new fun hobby to his life. He wanted the hobby to be healthy. He decided to take up hiking. He hiked mountains and had a great time.
Max was fascinated by documentaries. He went to school to learn how to make documentaries. He became friends with other filmmakers. Max and his friends decided to make a documentary together. Their documentary won several awards at a film festival.
Martha's parents took her to a fair. At the fair people were making candles. Martha wanted to make a candle too. A volunteer helped Martha make the candle. Martha put the candle in her room when she got home.
Miles experienced stomach cramps since he woke up. His mom recommended green tea. He bought a case and drunk two bags. His stomach continued to upset him. The pain increased and he used the bathroom for hours.
Charles wanted to be the best rapper in the world. He began writing songs and rehearsing them. Next, he stayed around rap artist who were selling downloads. When Charles met a popular rapper, Charles challenged him. Charles was a better rapper and the video went on the Internet.
Camryn loved to spin silk into clothes. One day a fancy businesswoman walked into her store. She loved her designs and patterns. She offered to buy her whole inventory! Camryn went home with a check for thousands of dollars!
Max was a very naughty child. He was always running off. His mother was always worried about him. His mother tried to explain to Max it's not okay to be naughty. Max is trying to be a better kid.
Chase had an online math class. And he was struggling to solve a problem. He was sure he put the correct answer. But it kept saying he was wrong. After hours of struggling, his teacher said it was the website's fault.
Thomas and his friends wanted to play a game during recess. They thought about what to play. Eventually they decided to play tag but someone needed to be it. Thomas volunteered. Together they chased each other the whole recess.
Carl was soon turning 16 years old. He had been saving his money since his 10th birthday. He always dreamed of the day he would get a car. On his birthday Carl and his dad went to the dealership. He found a great car and paid cash.
Our kids love going to the park. Their favorite thing to do is play on the swings. They always have mom and dad push them. Now they are learning to do it themselves. Pretty soon mom and dad won't have to help them.
Suzy wants to learn to fish. Her uncle promises to teach her. He bought her a fishing pole and bait. They went to a small pound. Suzy had a wonderful time fishing.
Jim sat at his computer all day. He had nothing else to do but play video games. He soon noticed a pain in his lower back. But he continued playing. When he went to bed, the pain prevented him from sleeping.
Kate liked the heat. But it was going to be over 90 degrees for 3 days. She didn't like to use her air conditioner. But it was too hot to use just the fans. She decided to make an exception and use her AC.
Will was a middle school student with a whole Summer coming up. Will decided to make use of his free time. Will began mowing his neighbor's lawns for money. Will worked hard all Summer long. Will made a thousand dollars that Summer!
Tyra is at the dentist today. She sat as the dentist began cleaning her teeth. He complimented her on how good of condition her teeth are in. Tyra flashed her a beaming smile. She walked out with her dentistry goodie bag.
There was a little boy who liked to collect rocks. He went to his favorite collecting place. He could not find any rocks. So he got a shovel and dug a three foot hole. It is too bad that his favorite place for rocks was mom's garden.
Ianna walked into the bookstore. The front desk worker greeted her. He asked if she needed anything. Ianna decided to give her a paper with a book she was looking for. The worker immediately found it.
Janet went inside the fast-food store. She ordered a cheeseburger combo with fries. The cashier handed her food after she paid. After tasting the food, she felt nauseous. The fries were extremely stale and the hamburger was hard to chew.
Everyone in Ali's class was talking about the bully Val. She had finally gotten in trouble. Everyone was happy she wouldn't be bothering them. Ali was especially happy having endured the abuse for months. The class laughed as Ali did a happy dance in the middle of the room.
Tim bought a gun. He didn't know much about them. He was cleaning it one night. It accidentally shot off on him. Tim got rid off it the next day.
Jamie gathered some things from the library. She got a big stack of books. She was going to take them home and read all of them. She opened the first book and read about the history of her state. She was glad she'd checked out lots of history books.
Pauline wanted to renovate her backyard. She had contractors dig a big hole in the back yard. They poured the concrete as well. Soon, she had a pool! Pauline couldn't wait to have friends over to swim next summer.
The day started out like any normal summer day. The Woods family would be attending a graduation later that evening. While on the freeway, the gas tank was punctured by debris in the road. Gas gushed profusely from the tank. They were able to find a gas station before the tank was depleted.
Ana had never flown on a plane. Her boyfriend moved across the country. She loved him and didn't want him to leave. She cried and cried. She decided she was brave enough to get on a plane.
Vanessa wanted to read a book that had just came out. The book had a waiting list at her library. Vanessa didn't have enough money to buy the book. Her friend was reading a copy she had purchased. Vanessa borrowed her friend's copy after she had read it.
Kenya threw an egg on the pan. It began to fry from the melted butter. She placed the heat on low and walked away from the kitchen. The egg was burnt when she came back. However, her brother volunteered to eat it and said that it was good.
Jane loved Kaboom cereal as a kid. She was feeling nostalgic and decided to buy some. At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf. She inquired with the manager when the would be back. She was sad to find out they had been discontinued.
Polly bought a house in the country with a barn and several acres. A feral cat lived in the barn and had the job of catching mice. Polly fell in love with the cat and gradually tamed it. Years later, the cat has become as friendly as Polly's house cats. It still prefers to live in the barn, however.
Gina was making Thanksgiving dinner. She had never made a turkey before. She carefully followed the directions. When it was dinner time, she pulled it out of the oven. It was perfect!
I bought a birthday gift for my wife. I cannot get out of my home alone. I had my son get me a gift bag. I put the gift into a bag and hid it. I will give it to her tomorrow.
Taylor wanted a pizza. He was hungry but didn't want to spend money He decided to get a frozen pizza instead. He thought it was a good idea. But then he realized he had to cook it.
I had been searching for a somewhat rare book. I finally found a pdf copy online. I downloaded the book. I opened up the file. It was in Russian, which I don't read.
Larry had just got some very bad news. He was sick with cancer and it was stage 4. Larry decided he was going to start on his bucket list. Larry decided to jump out of an airplane. Larry felt so alive during his final hours.
Maria loved to ice skate. She was becoming very good. One day as she was attempting a triple, she fell. Maria continued to practice. She finally got her triple turn.
Sue set her alarm before she went to bed. When she woke up, it was way past her usual time. Sue could not figure out what happened. She ended up missing her bus. Sue was late to school and missed her first class.
Regina loves the rain. She decided to finish her book while it rained today. Regina managed to finish five chapters. But the rain was so soothing that she fell asleep. Although she didn't finish her book, she was happy with her nice nap.
Frannie had a bad day. She did not want to continue working at her job. Her boss had been very rude to her. Frannie decided to put in her notice to her boss. Her boss told her to leave and not come back.
A man lived in a large house all alone. He was lonely amidst all the empty room. He put an ad up for people to rent his rooms. Many people came and rented space from him. He filled his whole house with renters.
Abigail had just learned to paper mache in school. She loved it and wanted to do more. She had the idea to make a doll. She immediately got to work. Without a teacher to help, the doll didn't come out very well.
Chris wanted to make his own ice cream sundae at home. He found a bowl and scooped up two scoops of vanilla ice cream. He poured caramel syrup over the top of the ice cream. Chris topped that with nuts, whipped cream and a cherry. He ate the entire sundae and he thought it was delicious!
Mickey set up a live video stream to try his hand at comedy. He drank box wine and told whatever jokes came to mind. Loosening up allowed him to attract many fans in the following weeks. Without overdoing it, the cheap wine had in some way contributed. This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun.
Amy was on a long flight. She was tired and decided to sleep. After 20 minutes of sleep she was awakened when her seat was kicked. The person behind kicked her seat sporadically startling her each time Amy finally gave up and read a book instead.
Jayne had a big math test due in class today. She spent the night before out with her friends, and forgot to study. In a panic, she tried to find a way out of going to school today. She decided to pretend to be sick. Jayne's mom believed her lie, allowing her to stay home.
Steven was a dog lover. He was on his way to his girlfriend's house one day. He spots a little puppy going towards him. Thinking that the dog is lost, he picks him up. The dog bites him in the face.
It was Elle's first summer at the neighborhood pool. She didn't know how to swim so she was afraid. Her mother assured her that her water wings would keep her safe. She wasn't sure but she hopped in anyway. They worked, keeping her head up above the water.
I decided to purchase a truck. I was tired of not being able to haul anything when I needed it. Everyone teased me for being a small woman with a pickup truck. I told them equality dictates they shouldn't think it was funny. They sobered up and helped me pick a good truck for my needs.
Rakesh was 10-years-old and his parents owned a motel. They believed their son Rakesh should have money to buy things. Rakesh bought toys from the hobby store, but his friend didn't. Rakesh gave his friend, Charles, $75! But Charles showed his mother the cash and she made him return it.
One day Susan was driving when she saw a man with crutches fall down. She stopped her car to help him. She walked over and helped him stand up. He thanked her profusely. Susan felt good after that.
Beth was walking around the mall. But she became hungry. She had no money but saw several restaurants giving out free samples. Beth got as many free samples as she could. She was satisfied with her free lunch.
John felt like life had no meaning. John decided to go look for meaning. He studied all sorts of religions at various temples. John decided he liked Christianity the best. John converted and now his life had meaning.
Jessica wanted to join the yearbook staff. She talked to the teacher that headed the staff. The teacher asked Jessica to schedule a meeting. Jessica had a meeting with the teacher and officers of the staff. They allowed Jessica to join the yearbook committee.
One day I decided that I wanted to learn to make pancakes. I found a pancake recipe in a book and made a list of ingredients. I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients to make pancakes. When I got back home I followed the recipe and made lots of pancakes. When I was done I got to eat all of them, which was my favorite part!
Heather was having her birthday party with all her classmates. She was having a good time until some mean girls provoked her. The girls all ended up in a large fight. Heather's mom was mad so she ended the party right then. Heather was so sad, but later she understood that she was wrong.
I ordered a pizza one Sunday night. The girl who delivered the pizza to my door was absolutely beautiful. I gave her a huge tip, thanking her profusely. In return, she gave me her name and number. We went on to fall in love and be married!
We had two cats. Both cats had been raised from kittens. In their old age they stopped using the litter box. We couldn't have them going potty all over the house with new babies. We found them a good home.
The championship was tonight. It was tied late in the game. I was asked to take the last shot. I went got the ball and took the shot. I made it and we won.
Today was the biggest test of the year. Mike and Ike were not ready for the test. They decided to skip school and go to the movies. They went to school the next day, and were wrong about yesterday. The test was actually today, and they had to take it now.
Our family decided it was time to take a relaxing family vacation. We rented a cabin in the woods in Northern Minnesota for a week. We spent much of our time there swimming and fishing. We all cooked our suppers together and had relaxing evenings. Our family enjoyed the beauty of nature and our time together.
The man told the truth. The truth incriminated him. The man was arrested. The jury heard the man's confession. They sentenced him to jail.
When I was little I would spend hours building leprechaun traps. I was sure I would catch him on St Patrick's Day. I was wrong for 11 consecutive years. Now my kids build leprechaun traps. They haven't caught him yet either.
A received a notification reminding me of a credit card payment. I deleted it after I've read it. However, I forgot about it. My credit card received an additional $35 charge. Before I forget again, I paid the debt.
Brian grew up in poverty. Due to a special scholarship, Brian was able to attend a good college. Brian studied political science and philosophy. Brian served his local community after college on the city council. Eight years later, Brian became the governor of his state, New York!
I was washing dishes for a long time last night. My hands got so soapy and wrinkly that I could barely hold anything. When I tried to grab a glass in the soapy water it slipped. The glass fell and shattered on the ground. I took relief in knowing that at least I didn't already clean it.
Ben needed a place to store his tools but had no money. He decided that he would build an adobe she'd like his grandpa did. He looked up instructions online and wrote them down. Ben spent two weeks making mud bricks and shingles. When he was done, he had a beautiful, rustic mud brick shed.
Lulu and the girls decided to be in the talent show. Lulu thought it would be fun if they did a triad. When the show was over, the girls won. They each won a medal. Lulu was thrilled.
All of the students boarded the bus. The driver began to accelerate the car. Unfortunately, he crashed into a large truck. Everyone had to wait an hour until a police report was filed. Therefore, we were late to our classes.
Howard drilled holes through the tiles for the masonry pins. He used a level to make sure they were lined up to a T. The homeowner offered suggestions and was otherwise a nuisance. Howard didn't mind, and explained why he was doing it the way he was. The homeowner paid Howard a bonus for his careful and attentive work.
Toby was very hungry. He wanted to eat, but definitely did not want to cook. He got in his car and headed out. He went to the closest fast food place. He ordered his food and ate, satisfying his hunger.
In 2013 I visited the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. I went with my friend Jack and two of his friends. We spent two hours looking at the artwork. Then we ate at the cafe. I had not gone to the Gardner in Years and was glad to visit.
Nick has always wanted to learn how to sing. He sings by himself in the car but he is out of pitch. He looked online and found that there were lessons close by. He signed up for ten total singing lessons and worked hard at them. A few months late Nick is a very decent singer!
Jane and Bob went to the park yesterday. They had planned a nice picnic. Bob brought some wine. The weather was perfect. They had a nice afternoon.
Tim was playing video games with friends. He kept losing. After a while he realized his controller was broken. Nobody believed him at first. Eventually they checked and it was true.
Joan was an exercise fanatic. She decided to she wanted to try weight lifting. Joan began weight lifting and loved it. She watched her body transform. Joan became a female bodybuilder and competed regularly.
Tom bought a new jeep. He wanted it to take it out right away. He decided to go off roading with friends. Tom wasn't very experienced at it. He wound up rolling his Jeep his first time out.
Randy broke his leg in an accident. He was living with his girlfriend so she could take care of him. He was taking a long time to recover. Randy's girlfriend found out he was faking so she'd take care of him. She was so mad she kicked him out.
Alison loved to flirt in bars on Friday nights. She always wore her best dress to impress the crowd. She'd find someone to take home every time. Except one night, no guy wanted to flirt with her. She was so shocked, she got drunk.
I had a favorite stuffed animal when I was younger. It was a tiger named Tigey. I always played with Tigey, but one day I forgot him outside. It rained that night and one of Tiger's eyes fell out. I learned to take care of my things If I want to keep them nice.
Danny was driving in the heavy rain. A pedestrian was trying to walk across the road before anyone passed. Danny didn't look for a second and ended up hitting the person. The person got into a coma and was brought to the hospital. Danny stayed by his side for a few days.
The team had soccer practice every Tuesday. They liked to run and scrimmage. Last Tuesday, they spent the entire time running through drills. They were determined to be ready for their game. The team knew their hard work would pay off.
Liza managed a diner. Two of her workers called in sick. It was busy at the diner. Liza had several applications on her desk. She called one of the applicants to see if she could start working.
Tom was washing dishes. He figured it would be a nice gesture. He accidentally broke his wife's favorite glass. Tom apologized profusely to her. His wife appreciated the honesty and gesture.
I went to the store to buy some pajamas. Always a kid at heart, I looked for ones with feet. I found some with betty boop all over them. I then found some with mickey mouse. I took them both home to wear.
The bell for the next period rung in school. Since my class was in the portables, I got up quickly. Many people in the halls moved out of the way since I moved too fast. When I came into the class, the bell rung immediately. I decided to take a seat.
Tim bought a new home. Shortly after he was laid off. He was worried about paying his mortgage. Tim decided to ask his parents for money. They helped him while he found a job.
Cal was late and in a rush. He grabbed his bagel and brought it as he headed out the door. A flock of city pigeons descended on Call almost instantly. He dropped his bagel and ran! The birds paid Cal no further interest as they ate his breakfast.
There was a huge Alligator exhibit at the zoo. They had feedings twice a day. It was amazing how well they were trained. They were huge scary animals, but the trainers did a good job. It was one of the most interesting exhibits I have seen.
Sarah had her first swimming lesson today. She was all ready with her swimsuit and towel. The instructor told her to get in the water. She splashed around and got to play. Sarah is excited for her next swimming lesson.
Rob was excited about his new Sega Genesis. The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog. Rob thought the game was going to be boring. To his delight the game was incredibly entertaining. He had a great time playing the game all weekend.
Greg was driving in the snow. His car broke down. The snow was not paved enough. He had to call his girlfriend to pick him up. He got the car fixed the next day.
The man made a list. He did some of the tasks. He crossed them off the list. His wife saw the list. She told him the crossed off items weren't done.
Dan liked to play football. He decided to try out for the team. He didn't play his best during try-outs. The coach decided to give Dan another chance. Dan made the team!
Fred wanted to design a new website. He didn't know what to do for it though. He asked his friend, jordan for help. Jordan gave him some advice. Fred used it and designed the website.
Roger asked Mary to a movie. He tried to put his arm around her as they walked in. She backed away so he couldn't. Roger thought it was a date but it wasn't. Their friendship was very awkward after that.
Anne played the trumpet in band in high school. She was always very good at it. The talent came naturally and she got a scholarship for it. She played throughout all of college. She now plays in a orchestra band for a living and is amazing!
Carrie was out at a restaurant with her family. They were eating seafood. Suddenly, a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator. Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out. It turned out to taste pretty good, like chicken.
Kelley went to a nice store. She decided to try on a dress. As she tried it on something happened. It ripped. So she had to pay for it.
Chris had been very depressed lately. He'd been neglecting to pay the rent for his apartment. Eventually, the landlord called the police to help evict him. They had to physically restrain Chris because he tried to resist. Chris was then brought to a mental hospital for treatment.
My cousin, Mitzi, always kept her shoes on when we were kids. It is because of something that had happened to her when she was 7. Despite many warnings, Mitzi was barefoot on the back of a bicycle. When the bike sped up, Mitzi gripped her driver and drew in her feet. In the blink of an eye, seven of Mitzi's piggies said their goodbyes.
The bus arrived to my bus stop. Everyone got inside of the bus. The bus closed the door when I tried to get in. When I waved, the bus driver couldn't see me. I had to knock on the door for him to notice.
Kyle was on trial for a robbery. He hoped that ratting out his friends would help him get off. Unfortunately he was sentenced to jail anyways. He threw a huge fit when he found out he lost. That only added more time to his sentence.
I listened to the song Monster by Jacob Banks today. I really enjoyed it so I decided to learn the words. I started singing it everywhere. My friend came up to me and asked what the song was and I told him. He told me that we should make a song like that.
Tom was hoping it would snow overnight. That would mean he wouldn't have to go to school the next day. When Tom woke up he rushed to the window. It had snowed a lot over night. Tom's classes were cancelled.
Jack began feeling heart palpitations. He went to the doctor to get his heart tested. Jack's doctor told him his heart was just fine. Jack did learn, however, that he had high blood pressure. This event caused him to turn his life around and get healthy.
Fred is diabetic. Fred misses having sweet things. One evening his girlfriend brought him a surprise. His girlfriend brought him a sugar free ice cream. Fred ate the ice cream with a smile and thanked his girlfriend.
Adelyn went to to visit her great aunt who lived on a farm. Adelyn's great aunt told her there were three orphaned baby goats. She asked Adelyn if she wanted to help feed the goats. Adelyn was so excited she couldn't wait to feed them. Adelyn and her aunt fed the babies with giant bottles of milk.
Alice was driving her car to school. Suddenly she hit a patch of ice. Alice spun around in a circle and hit a tree. Alice, upset, got out and saw she had damaged her car. She had to pay a lot of money to get it fixed.
Tom and Jerry were playing basketball. Tom made a deal with Jerry. If Jerry made five three pointers, Tom would buy lunch. Jerry agreed and began his first shot. Jerry hit five in a row and Tom bought lunch.
Ron got a magazine in the mail with pictures from Tahiti. Ron decided that he would save up his money to go on vacation there. Ron saved a lot of money, so he decided to rent a jet. Because of this, he was able to invite all his friends. Ron's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party.
I love kittens. I wanted to buy one. But, I realized there's so many at the shelter. I visited the Humane Society. I brought several kittens home with me.
Kelly was excited to get the new iPhone. She was waiting for this for months. Finally she got her hands on a pink one. The phone was perfect. Kelly couldn't be happier.
Kate and her pals were driving down the strip looking for their hotel. They kept driving and were off the strip. They finally arrived, but it wasn't on the strip. They were sad it wasn't on the Las Vegas Strip. But they were just pleased to have finally arrived.
Norma was having an anxiety attack again. These attacks used to consume and cripple her when she was young. Over the years, though, she had learned ways to cope. She took a moment to note her breathing, heartbeat, and thoughts. She then focused on existing and let the thoughts pass harmlessly by.
Felix was highly interested in life in the colonial United States. He loved going to reenactments and colonial fairs. He studied their ways of making goods and doing services. Eventually he found employment in colonial Williamsburg. It was a good educational opportunity, and a chance to share his love.
When we had nothing to do yesterday, we got bored. Boredom meant we ended up playing video games. We played new games all day long. We even downloaded some new ones. We played overwatch until we were exhausted.
John was a good student and top of his class. He dreamed of attending a prestigious university on the east coast. He had worked very hard to be in this position. He received a call from the admission office of the university. He will be attending the campus in the fall.
Susie went to a local burger joint with friends. As soon as she got her burger however, it was terrible. The meat was essentially rare. Susie could not believe it. She was thankful that she was able to return it.
Tiffany was so excited. She was going to her first concert! She bought a new outfit for the occasion. She got dressed and headed to the arena. WHat an exciting night!
Jason loved toast and therefore worked at a company called Toast. One day his job held a meeting for all of its employees. They told everyone that they would need to come in an hour earlier. After researching, Jason found that he had been taking the long way. He found a much shorter route to Toast and all was well.
Ben and his wife came into their friend's house. They found him lying on the ground. Ben tried to take his pulse. It was very weak. He was taken to the hospital, but Ben and his wife was arrested.
Julian was planning on giving his girlfriend some chocolate. When he went to get the box he realized it had melted. He tried to clean it up but it was no use. When his girlfriend saw she just giggled. She appreciated and thought he was cute for trying so hard.
Javi loved classic cars. He would attend car shows and wish that he could participate. Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up. When he finished he entered his first car show. Javi won first place and was super proud of his car.
Tom needs to leave for the airport for an international trip. His alarm did not go off in time in the morning, and he has to hurry. Tom left the house without his passport. He realized in the taxi to the airport that he left his passport. Tom calls his wife, who rushes, and gets Tom his passport!
Jack was so excited about his new phone. He ordered it as soon as it was available online. When he got home, he ripped into the box. However, when he opened it, the phone was shattered. Jack was extremely disappointed.
Samantha was playing the recorder in the car. Tycho started to tease her. Samantha hit her brother with the recorder. Samantha would not say she was sorry. Samantha's dad broke the recorder.
Alex went to music school. He got his degree. He began to write music. They performed his first work last night. He calls himself a composer now.
Bo wanted to add bulk to his slight frame. He went to the gym every day to lift weights. But still his legs were thin and weak! Bo decided to dedicate one weekday JUST for leg exercises. In a few months his 'leg day' had made his legs muscular and strong!
A call came into the fire station at around 1pm. The firefighters put on their gear as quickly as possible. They got into the fire engine and drove to the scene of the fire. There they found a kitchen fire that wasn't too serious. They were able to put out the flames, limiting the damage.
I went to the new sushi restaurant for lunch. I was given an estimated wait time of thirty minutes. While I was waiting, I ran into my boss. My boss then invited me to join her at her table for lunch. Not wanting to be rude, I joined her and her friends for lunch.
Nina went off to college across the country. It wasn't as easy as she thought it would be. She was relieved when it was finally winter break. Nina had a secret. She had dropped out.
Joey had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift. He was on his way to a movie when the boss called. He wanted Joey there as soon as possible to cover April's shift. Joey could have said no, but he decided it was his duty to show up. He told his boss he'd be there in fifteen minutes.
Tim bought a new book. He had heard good things about it. A few chapters in Tim was bored out of his mind. He kept trying to read but it never got better. Tim gave up about halfway through the book.
I started a chess club at my high school. It only has four members. We tried to put on a social to get more members. Only the four of us and our parents attended the social. I am thinking of starting a new math club for maybe better turnout.
Emma's mom gave birth to a tiny baby girl. Emma did not want her mom to have another baby. She felt all the attention would be diverted from her. But soon she started to find the infant as charming as everyone else. Soon Emma was proud to be a big sister!
Allie needed some new nail polish. She decided to go out and get some. She bought six colors. When she put it on it looked great. She wanted to paint them over again.
Elizabeth moved to New York. The food there was so much more expensive! The rent was so much more expensive! Sarah knew she would run out of money fast. Sarah started applying for better jobs.
Ben was having a rough time at high school. Louis, the bully, always shoved Ben in the hallway. He also made a habit of taking his lunch money. One day, Ben stood up to Louis. He ended up with a black eye, but he got the point across.
America decided to launch an air attack on Japan. The president consulted with his Generals to get it done. They decided to launch bombers from an aircraft carrier. The hornet was chosen for the attack. Eventually 16 bombers were launched against Tokyo.
A famous artist was having lunch in a local diner. One of the locals came by and accused him of being a fraud. He challenged him to draw something that the local couldn't draw. The artist took out a pencil and quickly drew a perfect circle. After ten tries, the local couldn't make a perfect circle.
Marge has been smoking for 20 years. She has been coughing a whole lot lately. She visits the doctor and receives bad news. The doctor tells her she will develop cancer soon if she doesn't quit. Marge finally gives up smoking after 20 years.
Jessica was a sad and lonely girl who kept to herself. She always had bruises when she went to school but wouldn't speak. One day she didn't report for class and her teacher immediately knew. She called the police and they went to investigate her house. The girl had run away because she was beat too many times.
Tom had a girlfriend he loved very much. He cut her with his nails one day. She asked him to cut them. He cut his nails. His girlfriend was happy that he cut his nails.
Michelle and Jane were playing tennis. Michelle hit the ball and a dog ran up and caught the ball. The dog then ran off. Michelle and Jane chased the dog but couldn't catch him. Michelle and Jane are now at the store getting a new ball.
In 1999 McDonald's was giving away Inspector Gadget figures. Each Happy Meal had a part of the figure. My son tried to get all the parts. We bought a lot of meals and finally got the last part one day. My son is 27 and still has the figure.
Brenda loved searching through her family's ancestry. She had traced her lineage back many centuries. She visited many libraries and historical places. Brenda spent many long hours on her family tree. She finally traced her family back to biblical times.
Jill had been very depressed. One day, she decided she had to get help. She made an appointment with a therapist. The woman gave Jill a prescription for antidepressants. Jill gained weight, but she was happier overall.
Ellen decided she was hungry. She checked her cupboards and and found nothing. She decided to go to her favorite restaurant. She ordered herself a burger and fries. Ellen felt better after eating a good meal.
Orville wanted to get a new tie to wear at the office. He went to the department store to look for a tie. He could not find any ties that appealed to him. Orville went home and designed and made his own tie. At the office Orville got many compliments on his new tie.
I kept losing my shoe horn and back scratcher. They would fall off my desk. After losing the shoe horn twice I bought a hook. I put the hook on the wall and hung up the shoe horn and scratcher. Now I can find my items.
Allana told her mom that she wanted a fish for Christmas. So in the year of 2014 they went to the pet store and got one. She chose a betta fish because she read they could live up to 3 years. This was her first fish and she took very good care of it every day. Unfortunately,on the 13th month of owning it her fish died suddenly.
Yesterday my wife had a hankering for cheese steak subs. My son had recommended a place about fifteen minutes away. One was their offerings was a Philly style cheese steak sub. I ordered the subs and she picked them up. The subs were very close to those served in Philly.
Lara had a bird project for science. She had to go around naming birds. Lara thought it was fun. She went around town finding birds. When she turned in the project, she got an A.
Dave and his wife are quite old. They've recently found religion and seem rejoiced. They attend church and join the choir. While singing, Dave feels very happy. Dave and his wife are rejuvenated by religion.
Gina had tied a stray dog up in her yard. But when she awoke he was gone. He had gotten free from his leash. She looked, and found the front gate was open. She had forgotten he was able to open the gate.
I entered a cooking contest. I was going to cook pasta with a special sauce. However, I lost the recipe to my special sauce. I decided to mix random ingredients with ketchup. I ended up getting last place after the judges got sick.
Tina had a beautiful singing voice. She was given a solo in the school Christmas concert. She was so proud and excited! But a week before the show, Tina got laryngitis. She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert.
I was feeling hungry. I decided to order a pizza. I ordered a pepperoni pizza. They gave me a cheese pizza. I called to explain what happened and they gave me a refund!
Luna is not a very nice cat. She went to the vet for a check-up on Saturday. The vet did not heed our warnings, and was bit several times. The vet had to go to the hospital for stitches. The vet started listening better to pet owners.
Kim needed some new chairs. She threw away her old ones. Kim went to the store and got more. She set up her chairs. They looked nice.
The Smith family was invited by their cousins to their farm. Early in the morning on Saturday, the Smiths drove to the farm. Upon arrival, the Smiths saw that their cousins had four cows. Their cousins invited them to milk the cows, so they gave it a shot. Because of their efforts, the Smiths went home with a jar of milk.
Diana read books on the train. Sometimes, other passengers would interrupt her. Diana hated the interruptions. She noticed passengers with headphones were never bothered. She finally decided to listen to audio books instead.
The man pointed at the sky. His friend looked at where he was pointing. He could not see anything. The man said there was a bird. His friend could see it then.
It's hard to find a mechanic you can trust. But Charles thought Ken was a trustworthy mechanic. Charles had his car towed to Ken. Two months later, Charles' car still wasn't fixed. Ken told Charles to pick up his car but he couldn't, so he lost it.
Kane killed a man. He ran from the scene of the crime. The cops searched day and night for Kane. One day, they arrested him at a gas station. Kane was sentenced to life in prison.
Jeff wanted to try a new tv show. He has always watched comedies and wanted to switch it up. He tried watching a horror show on Netflix. Halfway through the first episode he got too scared. Jeff will just stick to comedies from now on.
Stan was a supervisor at a law firm. There was a group of guys that he wanted to hang out with. He invited them all over for a party. They all had a great time at the party. They became great friends.
Tom was in his high-school play. He thought he would get a cool costume. Unfortunately they made changes and it looked goofy. Tom no longer wanted to be a part of it. He dropped out when they refused to change it back.
Kate was upset to be charged during a free trial. She decided not to pursue the matter and just keep the service. It was after all only $12. But the issue kept bothering her. She decided to call customer service instead.
Gene asked Marty why he wasn't getting his department email. He said the Chief had emailed him some documents yesterday. Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly. He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder. Gene is getting all his email now.
I played too many video games last night. I was playing with my friends and we had a lot of fun. I would try to stop playing they would convince me to play one more. I kept saying yes until I realized it was 4 in the morning. I was so sleepy I slept until noon the next day!
Usually I enjoy Christmas. However, this Christmas just went bad. The power went out constantly causing everything to black out. Then, the presents that I received were awful. This day just ended with more issues.
Tom went with his girlfriend to an art gallery showing. Tom had never really thought about art before. During the showing, Tom noticed a piece he really liked. Tom inquired about the price of the piece. Tom bought the piece of art from the gallery!
Jake wanted to scare his little brother. He decided to put on a scary mask. He would jump out of his bedroom window. Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment. His little brother was terrified.
Viri went to the gym. She headed straight for the squat press. Viri has been working out hard the past few months. She's ready to add some more weight to the bar. After the first squat, Viri is proud of herself.
Ben got hurt last night playing football. His mom said he could not walk this morning. She had to take him to the hospital. The doctor did some x-rays and tests. They told Ben that he fractured his leg.
Rita was out of shape. So she took a karate class. She practiced every day. She strained her tendons and joints from too much exercise. Rita got in worse shape sitting around waiting for her joints heal.
At Thanksgiving, the adults had bottles of champagne at their tables. The children whined that they wanted champagne, too! The adults chuckled and offered the children a few bottles. The children sipped their champagne happily, feeling mature. They didn't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice!
Milly liked playing the arcade games at the local pizza joint. She even had the high score on one of the cabinets. One day the pizza joint went out of business. Milly bought the high-scored arcade cabinet from the establishment. She installed it in her home to display her high score.
Baby loves playing with lego blocks. While playing excitedly baby created a big mess. When mom asked baby to clean up she refused. Mom offered to reward with cookies after baby tidies up! Mom was happy when baby tidied up, and baby got cookies!
Kevin needed to decided on a college soon. He had many offers and needed to pick. A road trip was the answer for this. He went from school to school taking in the culture. In the end, he finally settled on a stellar Community College.
John was the best basketball player in his state. He wanted to play professional basketball. He tried out for professional team. He made the team. He was very happy about accomplishing his goals.
Whitey was a tiny chicken with a big heart. Each day tiny Whitey lay the largest eggs in her flock. Each day the farmer took Whitey's egg from the nestbox. Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs. Whitey learned to hide her eggs so she could keep them and be happy.
I put an ad in the paper. I had a response the next day. We texted for awhile. We worked out a deal. We were both satisfied.
Ted had finals coming up. He knew that he did not study enough this semester. Ted stayed up all late all week studying. When test day came around he was so tired he slept all day. He failed all his test, and had to retake all his classes.
Ana works very hard for her money. She has a boring job. She needs a vacation and asks for one. They give her a week off to go anywhere she wants. She head to the city she loves the most Paris, France.
I was entering the airport in Cape Town to head back to the USA. As I left the taxi, something told me that I was leaving something. Convinced I left nothing, I checked my bags for my passport. I found it and continued walking even though a taxi horn was honking. Turns out I left my phone and had to have it shipped to me.
Matt grew up snowboarding. He wanted to live in a place that he could snowboard often. He moved to Colorado. He was looking for a job. Matt found a job where he could teach others to snowboard.
Lisa loves to go for long walks in the park. She especially loves to walk during the spring months. The park has beautiful flowers that bloom during the spring. Lisa often stops to smell the beautiful flowers along the trail. The park is one of Lisa's favorite places to walk.
I tried calling my girlfriend all day yesterday. She didn't answer. After a while I tried a text. She didn't answer again but I heard a faint sound. I found out she forgot her phone at the house.
Billy had a play sword he got for Christmas. It was based off a cartoon he watched. He held it up high and swung down hard. It clipped something on the coffee table. He broke his mom's vase she had for decades.
Carmen's boyfriend cheated on her and she wanted revenge. She decided to set his car on fire. Carmen set a rag on fire and placed it in the trunk of his car. In her rage, she failed to realize it was the wrong car. Carmen was arrested and charged with 2nd degree arson.
It was month of april when i first saw her. She's beautiful and i want to know her. That's why i decided to ask her name. I find her name in facebook and i message her. Luckily,she replied and we started talking and going out together.
Tom was playing monopoly. He kept lagging behind. After a while he started stealing money and cheating. Tom caught up and eventually won. Nobody found out he was cheating.
Kurt cooked the burgers at the company picnic. When everyone had gotten theirs, he put one more patty on the grill. It was orange and rubbery, not at all like beef. Kurt offered a prize to whoever could guess the meat he'd used. Susan knew from one bite that it was chicken of the woods, a mushroom.
Matthew couldn't find his favorite watch. He looked on his desk. He checked under his bed. Matthew even went into the bathroom to find his watch. His mother found the watch inside his backpack.
Rachel liked to use coupons to save money when she shopped. At the grocery store she discovered that she had lost her coupon book. She ended up spending more for groceries than she anticipated. This ruined her weekly budget, and she had to make adjustments. She decided to wait to buy the new shoes she needed.
Bill started saving for his first car when he was 12. He worked every odd job he could for four years. He couldn't wait to be able to drive. On his 16th birthday he bought a new car. Ten years later he still has it and it's his pride and joy.
Gina decided she would make a copy of her house key. She wanted a spare in case she lost her key again. She had the copy made at her local grocery store. She decided to carry both keys with her. One she put on a safety pin, and secured it in a pocket of her purse.
Thomas woke up to his alarm clock on the first day of school. He got out of bed. Thomas ate breakfast. He brushed his teeth. Thomas went outside to wait for the school bus to pick him up.
Sadie worked tending a bar at night. She was tired of the hours. Sadie began to look for a new job. She applied for a job at a local bank. Sadie was hired at the bank and quit her bar job.
Gina didn't want to go to recess. But there was no place else to go. She sat on a bench and waited until the doors were open again. When they were unlocked she went inside alone. Gina was determined to go back to her classroom.
Jamal had to complete a report for class. He did his research and wrote his paper. On the day of his report, Jamal forgot his paper at home. He still remembered everything he wrote about and researched, though. Jamal got an A+ for giving an oral report like an expert to his class.
Jake lived in a small town with his parents. One day, he found out that they were moving to a big metropolis. Jake packed up all of his belongings, nervous about the changes. His family got settled in their new home and began adapting. Eventually, Jake loved the city and all of its conveniences.
Thad had a bad drinking problem. He got so drunk one night he ended up in the hospital. After he was released he knew things had to change. Thad entered a rehab facility where he got his life back together. Thad has been sober for over 5 Years now.
Lisa was twenty years old and pretty. Marcus was an auto mechanic who promised her a good life. He asked her to marry him. She said no, thinking she could find a wealthier man. Lisa is fifty years old now, and has never been married.
Mike wanted to beat his neighbor in a race. His neighbor was very fast. Mike practiced sprinting everyday. Mike raced against him. Mike still lost the race.
Today was street cleaning day in Cambridge. We woke up to watch cars being towed. There were only two cars today. One was towed, but the other was not. We were mystified.
Ken was visiting his grandmother out of state. He was planning on staying at his grandmother's house for a week. On the day that Ken was leaving, his grandmother fell. She had broken her hip. Ken stayed with his grandmother for another week while she rested.
On a primary election day, my 99 year old neighbor sat in the lobby. He wanted to know if anyone could drive him to vote. I did not have access to a car. The concierge asked my sister in law to drive the man. She was reluctant, but she drove him to the polls.
There was a shop near my school that sells baseball cards. I went inside the shop and look at all the baseball cards. There were a few being sold for a cheap price. Obviously the store manager didn't realize these cards were rare. I purchase cards worth over 100 dollars for about 5 dollars.
Joel was walking home from school when he ran into a group of boys. The boys were all smoking cigarettes. One of them offered Joel a cigarette. He declined and continued walking. They jeered and teased him, but Joel didn't care.
Marjorie loved making hand-made quilts. When her vision started failing, she had to stop making quilts. She went to her eye doctor, and learned she had cataracts. After her cataract surgery, Marjorie's vision quickly recovered. Marjorie was very pleased that she could start quilting again.
I attended a rock concert last weekend with some friends of mine. It was for a band of which I am a big fan. But I still did not enjoy the concert. The music was extremely loud and hurt my ears. They were still dulled with some ringing the following day.
Sci-fi was always telling company to buy their own server. The president decides to list to Sci-fi and by a server. Sci-fi was given the task to get it up and running. After 2 months the there was no progress with the server. The president was fed up and fired Sci-fi.
Sam's neighbor had a blue ball. Sam was jealous of his neighbor. One night Sam waited for his neighbor to go to sleep. Then he stole the blue ball. The next day Sam happily took his stolen blue ball to school.
Ricky wanted to go back to school. He signed up for a course at the local career center. Every day he went to the class. Soon he graduated with honors. He got a raise at his job for having his new degree!
The baby started to cry. The mother walked over to the baby. She saw that the baby was hungry. She breastfed the baby. The baby went back to sleep.
Carlos had money to buy a new baseball cap. So Carlos went to a clothing store. He looked at the baseball cap's. He found the right one. Carlos bought the baseball cap.
Glen purchased a shaving kit from the store. He separated the pieces in his bathroom. He managed to shave most of his beard after the first try. His cheek started to bleed a little after the second attempt. Glen eventually stopped since the pain was unbearable.
Gina got home 15 minutes before her little brother and sister. She had to watch them till her mother got home from work. It was only an hour, but Gina hated it. She wanted to hang out with her friends. But she knew her mom had to work to pay the bills.
Carol loved to sing. She gathered a group of friends to go caroling. They all met up together and began to walk down the streets. They knocked on several doors and no one answered. Carol went home sadly, disappointed that she didn't get to sing.
Sam always wanted a puppy. His parents didn't think he was responsible enough. Sam tried hard for months to prove that he was. He studied hard, did his chores and followed the rules. Eventually Sam's parents got him the puppy.
Jules bought a bottle of pink nail polish. As she was painting her nails, she bumped the bottle. She tried to wipe the polish up as quickly as possible. However, it was too late. The stain had already set in and ruined her floor.
Joe went for a trip to his cabin. When he got there and it was unlocked. He walked away, frightened of what might be in there. He ran to his car as he heard loud laughter coming from the cabin. Joe never went back there again.
My sister in law's apartment was inspected today. The circuit breaker panel has a gap and needs to be replaced. It presented a safety hazard according to the inspector. My sister in law was not there and wanted to know why they said that. She is a bit paranoid.
Larry bought a new album from the store. He went home to listen to it. He put the album in and turned it on. He put on his headphones and heard a loud noise! The volume was way too high.
Nira did not think of herself as a wise person. But, she wanted to become wise. So, she went to the library to study philosophy. She studied philosophy for many years. Eventually, Nira became wise.
Clark takes his family to the beach for some fun summertime. While on the beach he begins playing in the sand. He starts making a sandcastle for his children to enjoy. While making the sandcastle he notices something in the sand. Clark finds a huge Diamond in the sand.
I was going on a field trip. The class I was on the trip with voted on something important. We voted on whether we should eat waffles or pancakes. We all had a huge argument over the issue. It got so heated that we decided to cancel the field trip.
My mom was waiting in the examination room at the doctor's office. I was sitting outside in the car waiting for my mom. I notice doctors and nurses were leaving. I immediately got out the car and asked where is my mom? The doctor turned around and said we forgot about her.
Bill was a high school basketball player. His team was very good and were on the way to winning the state title. However, the second to last game, Bill got hurt. The team was very worried because bill was their star player. The team pulled it together and won the title, in honor of Bill.
Haylee hates to do her taxes every year around April. She has boxes of receipts and papers that she needs to go through. She finally sat down and started making a list of her deductions. She put it away for a few weeks and then brought it back out. She sat down again and spent 4 hours finishing up this awful task.
Mike wanted to go out for dinner. He selected a restaurant and got in his car. When he arrived, he saw a group of friends. Mike had dinner with his friends and had a good time. Mike made plans to go out next week with his friends.
Kelly was trying to drive home from work. While driving she got stuck in the snowstorm. Her car started swerving and lost control. Kelly got scared. Her car stopped and she had to call for help.
Cynthia was driving down the road. Suddenly, her front, left tire popped. So, Cynthia pulled over to the side of the road. She quickly exchanged the broken tire with the spare from the trunk. Soon, Cynthia was on her way again.
Amy created a viral video online. She got asked to be interviewed by her local news. Then she got a call from The Ellen Show! She was so excited to meet Ellen. Amy was happy that she posted her viral video.
Gerald was afraid of heights. The pool party he was going to featured a high dive. Gerald gathered up his courage. He climbed the ladder. He bravely jumped in.
Noah's new job required him to wear safety goggles. At first he did not want to wear them. He felt like he looked silly. But then he saw that every other worker wore them un-self-consciously. Noah felt a lot better after seeing that.
Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately. He decides he needs to get out of his house. Jonas drives to the local park to get some fresh air. At the park he makes a huge snowman. Jonas feels much better than he did before.
Haley was taking a walk to the ice cream shop. After buying the ice cream, she decided to sit down. After a few seconds, she caught a foot cramp. A stranger helped her get up. He also drove her home.
Sam decided to cook dinner. She wanted mashed potatoes as a side. She boiled the potatoes. Then she mashed them up and added butter. The potatoes were delicious!
I started getting some dandruff. I needed a new shampoo. My wife stopped by the store to get some. She brought it home for me. My new shampoo helps cure my dandruff.
Tod was in charge of driving a big fire truck. Tod had lots of friends that he worked with. One day a fire started that they had to put out. Tod rushed to the fire in the fire truck. Tod was so rushed he forgot to bring his friends along.
Joanie went to a renaissance faire. She saw a juggling show. After, she found a juggling shop. The shop workers showed her tips to help learn to juggle. She bought a set of juggling balls to take home.
Jon loves music. Jon gets a music creating software for his birthday. Jon gets excited and thanks his parents. After his birthday is over and ate all his cake. He starts to make and record his very own song.
Gloria had depression and anxiety not controlled with medication. Her doctor recommended a service dog organization for a comfort dog. Meeting her gentle giant hound, Gloria felt more confident right away. His head in her lap soothed her nerves and helped her function better. Walking him also boosted her fitness and helped her make new friends.
Justin was resting in bed. He had four pillows behind his head. He fluffed them up to get comfortable. A ton of feathers came flying out of one of them. Justin was covered in feathers!
Gina's car door was frozen shut. She pulled the handle with both hands but it didn't budge. She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame. When she had a grip, she pulled hard. She lost her grip and stumbled backwards into the snow.
Jan was wearing an apron to bake cookies. Her son, Jared, wanted to help bake cookies too. Jared wanted to wear an apron while he baked. Jan made Jared an apron. They wore their aprons to make the rest of the cookies.
Pharmasset was a biotechnology company in New Jersey. The company was working on drugs to treat viral infections. One of their drugs had great promise to cure patients of hepatitis B. A larger company, Gilead, bought Pharmasset for that drug. Now Gilead sells billions of dollars of the drug every quarter.
I woke up one cold Saturday morning and wanted coffee. I forgot to buy some at the store, so I called my friend. I asked if he could make us some coffee. We enjoyed our coffee on the back porch of our apartment. I like spending time with my friends and drinking coffee.
Bob bought a bag of potato chips from the store. It was a huge bag meant for a family. But Bob ripped open the bag and dove in. He didn't live that far from the store. Even still, he was finished by time he got home!
Tom was very drunk. The police stopped him for being inebriated in public. Tom remembered he had a small gun in his pocket. When the police patted his pocket he became worried. Tom was relieved when the cops believed it was a harmonica.
Lucy's grandma was taking her to a doctor. Lucy stole cake and now had indigestion. Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret. Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth. Grandma was upset, but she appreciated Lucy's honesty.
Diane was in charge of her child's school pizza party. She set up pizza and snacks in the classroom. She also prepared some fun games for the kids. The kids enjoyed the party after coming in for recess. At the end of the party, the kids went home for the day.
Michael always liked watching people play basketball. He would  go to the park every afternoon after school. He always wondered how it would feel to shoot the basketball. One afternoon, his friend asked him to play. That was the very first time Michael got to play basketball.
John decided to plant a garden. He worked hard and planted the seeds. Everything started to grow. One day a deer came along and ate all the plants. John was very sad because everything was ruined.
I was in school one day. We went to another classroom. We were going to watch the shuttle take off. We sat indian style as it rose into the air and exploded. The teachers quickly turned off the tv and sent us back to class.
I, like many others, often fantasize about being an actor. I think it would be really fun. However, I don't think I would enjoy the fame. Having people you don't know, know everything about you. It just doesn't sound good at all.
While Jon was away at summer camp, his cousin Jake stayed in his room. When he returned, he noticed a strange smell in his room. He washed the sheets and cleaned the floor, but he still smelled it. For days he searched high and low for that smell. He found a pair of rolled-up, stinky socks behind his headboard.
A caterpillar was crawling along a wall. A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar. He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground. Feeling pity, the student took a leaf and picked up the caterpillar. He placed the caterpillar on a nearby tree.
My mother's dogs escaped into the yard of her next-door neighbor. We had to squeeze through a small hole in the fence to get over there. We scooped both dogs up and brought them home. When we were home, both dogs got a big scolding. We had to reinforce the fence to keep them from getting out again.
Kia won $550 in the state lottery, and went downtown to claim it. On her way in, she saw numerous homeless men and women on the street. Kia felt very bad for them. When she had her winnings, she distributed $20 to each one. Everyone thanked her very warmly!
Charles loved to eat. He went to a local buffet and decided he would eat as much as possible. He stuffed his face for over an hour. When it was time to leave, he could hardly stand up. Charles had definitely gotten his money's worth.
My name was Bob. I hated my name. I decided to change it. I changed it to Zeke. Now, I loved my name!
Ben had a few teeth pulled out in order to remove crowding. He decided to visit Sam's soccer match. She was playing when Ben arrived. Someone kicked the ball and it hit Ben in the face. He had to go to urgent care since the bleeding didn't stop.
Cindy went outside for a walk. Suddenly it began to rainy. She hurried home. The rainy began to let up and a rainbow appeared. Cindy enjoyed the beautiful rainbow.
Five year old Alexa liked nothing better than a day at the beach. On Sundays Alexa's parents would pack a picnic and go to the beach. Alexa would spend hours playing in the water. One day she was frightened by a waterspout on the beach. Now Alexa is scared of the beach and rainy days.
Tom had retired and decided to start wearing a goatee. Shaving became more of a challenge with the beard. Shaving tools at retail did not do a satisfactory job for Tom. He went to a barber college and asked about their equipment. They sold him a professional set of shears and it worked perfectly.
One time as I was growing up the summer was really boring. Everyday seemed the same and we never did anything fun. One day I looked at the date and was surprised that it was July. The summer was so boring that I didn't even notice a month pass. I decided that I want to live a life that calls my attention every day.
Mike and John did not like each other. Their teacher had assigned seats in their classroom. Their teacher made Mike and John sit next to each other. They learned that they actually had a lot in common. Mike and John thanked their teacher for helping them become friends.
Abe was acclimating to a new apartment. He was alarmed when a shrill klaxon started sounding. He removed the batteries from his smoke detectors. The alarms still sounded shrilly and Abe realized it wasn't his. A woman in another apartment had burnt her popcorn in the microwave.
Jimmy was a sophomore in college. One weekend, he found out that a girl started a rumor about him. She had said that he was a sexist. Everyone believed her and began ostracizing Jimmy. It got so bad that within weeks he decided to leave the school.
Kevin started a new job. He asked them how much he would have to work. They told him 60 hours. Kevin began to fear the job. He quit the next day.
Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer. He was devastated by his diagnosis. Donald was able to get into a clinical trial. His cancer began to clear up with the treatments. Today, Donald's cancer is in remission.
Ashley is getting married this summer. She just got her wedding dress and as super excited. She asked her mom if she could get the expensive one. Her mom was so happy for her that she said she would pay for it. Ashley is so thankful to be surrounded by loved ones!
Becky has a nephew named Dominick. Dominick's birthday is today. She got him a pack of Uno cards. Dominick is grateful for his gift. Becky and Dominick can now play Uno together.
Jon was sad. He didn't have a homecoming date. He asked everyone he knew, but they all said no. Jon decided to go alone. He ended up having a great time!
Jorge wanted to buy a new video game. He only had half of the money he needed to buy it. Jorge asked his neighbors if he could shovel their snow for cash. He worked really hard all weekend. After the weekend was over, Jorge had enough money for his game!
David was very lazy. He wasted all of his time sitting around doing nothing. He wanted to get a new video game for his computer. When he asked for a higher allowance, his mother said no. David was angry, but knew he would need to work to earn money.
Rachel's friends were all planning on skipping school. She wanted to join them but it was hard to get out of class. She decided to pretend she had a dentist's appointment. With a fake note, the school believed her. She was able to leave with no problems.
John's phone would not stay powered on. The battery had gone bad. John headed to the cellular store. He purchased a new phone with a bright screen. John was happy with his purchase!
Anna lived in the North where winters were long and cold. When summer came, everyone around her complained. Temperatures rose into the 90s and stayed there. But Anna kept her cool - she remembered how short summer was. She knew to appreciate the warmth while it lasted!
Richard's grandmother has been sick for a very long time. When Richard was young he would go over to her house every week. He was very sad that his grandmother had been sick for so long. One day Richard's grandmother passed away. Richard is very sad but knows his grandmother is in a better place.
The man combed his hair. He found a tangle. He examined it. It was a piece of gum. He had to cut out the tangle.
Maxine wants to find a fun way to stay active outside of work. She decides to try out classes at a local ballet studio. At first ballet is challenging, but Maxine works hard to improve. After months Maxine loves her new ballet hobby. She is very happy that she has something to do outside of work.
The coffee shop down the road has its new fall flavors out. I have tried a few already. I really enjoy the pumpkin flavor. I  get that one the most often. I plan on trying them all.
Tom loved winter activities. He went sledding every time it snowed. He got a cheap sled from the store. He would go to random parks and closed off areas. Others would sled down with him.
Kim decided she wanted a change to her hair. She went to the salon with a photo. Her stylist worked hours. Kim looked in the mirror and began crying. Her hair was blue.
Julia had found some stray kittens in her yard. She gave most of them away but kept one. The kitten was so little that it needed to be bottle fed. She didn't know how to do it so she looked it up. Finally, she was able to figure it out and feed the kitten.
My friend was in TN for a court hearing. While he was there his stepmother had died. After the hearing he came back home to MA. He is driving up tomorrow for the funeral. He was very sad.
Suzy wanted to vote in the presidential election. She was having trouble deciding who to pick. She did some research about the candidates. She finally decided who to vote for. She cast her vote in the election.
Brent loves to play football with his friends. He decided to try out for his high school football team. During tryouts, Brent ran faster than everyone on the team! Coach was impressed with Brent's speed and made him a wide receiver. Brent caught the winning pass in his first football game that night!
Jenny was the most beautiful girl in the class. She realized she could date anyone she wanted. She fell in love with the captain of the football team. Though he dated her, he broke up with her. He deeply regretted leaving her.
Hoshi was a marine biologist. He was off the waters of Japan. He saw a large giant squid in the camera. Hoshi couldn't believe his eyes. It was amazing to see such a rare creature.
Eli saw a cute boy at the coffee shop every day. He never could get up the nerve to talk to him. One day the cute boy came over to talk to Eli. Eli's palms started to sweat and he became really nervous. The boy asked if he could take one of the chairs at Eli's table.
I took a trip to the local animal shelter yesterday to take a look. All of the animals were very cute. My eyes caught a small orange innocent kitten. I realized that was what I wanted. I scooped her out and decided to keep her.
The restaurant was known for their Italian food. Their pasta was the best around. They would grate fresh Parmesan on top. Patrons lined up and hour before they opened. Everyone wanted to eat some of their pasta!
Penelope wanted to have a party. She wanted to bring a lot of girls together. Unfortunately however there was a big fight. Penelope had to ask everyone to leave. She realized she couldn't have parties any more.
Tom left his debit card at the bar. He didn't realize until the next morning. There were several sales on his account. Tom didn't recognize any of them. He shut down his card and had the money returned.
Lindsay walked upstairs to the local parrot aviary. She was excited to look for a new pet, she had never owned a bird. She met with the owners, they brought out lots of animals. They explained to her that a parrot is a lifetime commitment. Lindsay left without a pet, deciding that she should think on it.
Ava was jogging through the park one day. Then she saw an injured bunny on the side of the trail. She picked it up and carried it home. There, she began caring for it and feeding it. Soon it healed, and Ava released it back into the park.
Jan breaks up yet another loser. She vows that from now on she is only going to date successful men. But then she meet Evan who is an unemployed slacker. She can't help but fall in love with him, Jan and Even spend the rest of their lives together.
Donald decided to run for president. He made a great campaign. He promised the people to make the country great again. Donald gets elected. Donald becomes the president of his country.
Carol was out for a walk in a new city. While she was walking it began to snow. With the chaos of the snow, she ended up lost quickly. She wandered around in the cold for hours. Finally she got home and took a warm shower.
Charles graduated college and rented an apartment. He still lived in college town and missed home. But he questioned where is his real home? He decided his real home is the first house he remembers living in. He drove past that house and it now has nothing to do with his family.
Monica was about to walk down the aisle at her wedding. She took a step but her dress was caught. Everyone heard the dress rip. Monica began to panic. Luckily, her mom had a sewing kit and fixed it quickly.
Sheena loved helping people plan trips. She had been many places around the world. She liked to talk about the pros and cons of them all. She was great at matching clients with their dream locations. Sheena was always happy to hear that the person had had a great trip.
Wendy is allergic to cats. Jim loves Wendy but loves cats more. One day Jim decided to ask Wendy on a date. Wendy agreed and sneezed through the whole date. Jim never asked Wendy out for another date and instead hugged his cat.
Alex bought a used RV. He hadn't gotten the RV checked out before buying it. The RV had a broken air conditioning unit. Alex couldn't take the RV out camping with the broken ac unit. Alex brought the RV in to get the air conditioner repaired.
A Twitch streamer was talking to her community. She paused to grab the bottle of hand sanitizer. When squirting it out, some of the sanitizer splashed back. The renegade sanitizer burned as it landed in her eye. Now she always holds the sanitizer bottle far away from her face.
Tom was out for lunch. He lost track of time. He got back to work very late. Tom's boss was furious. He almost lost his job.
Ron had wondered if he could ever go back home. He was released early and made his way to where he grew up. When arrived home it seemed cold and different. He drove by the store he robbed and it was still opened. He knew he needed to make a lot of changes.
Cindy's grandfather always made his own root beer. He mixed it up and dropped a raisin in each bottle. He would then cap the bottles and put them in the basement. Weeks later, Cindy would hear popping noises from the basement. The exploding tops meant that the root beer was ready to drink.
Hans drove to his friends birthday party. He was having a great time with his friends. Hans had a few drinks, but felt comfortable to drive home that night. On his way home he lost control over his car and landed in a ditch. Nothing happened to him, but he will never drink and drive again.
I have been playing basketball all week. Some friends and I have had a few games going. It has been really fun. I am not very good. I am learning some new moves though.
Kris decided to play a prank on his friend. Kris decided to buy as much toilet paper as he could. Him and a friend covered his other friends house in toilet paper. Kris thought it was funny. Kris upset the friend whose house he covered in toilet paper.
Laurence walked into his home and smelled a really bad odor. He looked all over but couldn't find the source. He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell. When he was done, he realized the odor was from his shoes. Laurence threw those shoes in the dumpster and wore another pair.
Martin played in the orchestra. They had a morning gig in the school. He slept in and did not make it to the gig. His colleagues were made. They never called him to play a gig again.
My co-worker and I worked at a truck stop. Our jobs were pumping truck fuel. It started thundering and lightning. My co-worker went outside to fuel the truck. As he touched the pump, lightning struck leaving his arm numb.
My dog, Constantine, hates to take a bath. For his last bath, it took three people to wrestle him into the tub. He whimpered and shook the water all over us. He jumped out of the tub and soaked the bathroom floor with water. Constantine now runs anytime someone says that it is bath time.
Abe was feeling down so he put on some religious music. He was so inspired he decided to go to church. When Abe got there he knew he'd made a good decision. He was very happy to be in the room with all the strangers. Abe felt much better about himself as he looked down on them.
Timmy was playing basketball in his driveway. He heard the ice-cream truck in his neighborhood. Timmy ran inside his house to look for money. It took him a few minutes to find his wallet. By the time he left his house, the ice-cream truck had driven away.
Tom was sleeping soundly. All of a sudden he woke up to a smoke alarm. He jumped out of bed to see what the problem was. He found his wife in the kitchen with burnt toast. Tom helped her turn the alarm off.
My lab partner was handling several chemicals. He tripped on a book bag and spilled them. The liquid from both beakers were mixed and a fire occurred. The teacher extinguished the flames. All of the students had to evacuate the place.
The Smith family went on a road trip. They all piled in the car with snacks in tow. Their car broke down halfway there. The mechanic fixed their car and sent them on their way. The Smith's hit the road with new found energy.
Gina and her friend Lisa were downtown. They were heading home when the passed the music store. Gina decided to see if they a CD she wanted but couldn't find. The CD wasn't in yet, but they had the single of the song she liked. She purchased the single with the intent to return and buy the album.
Larry always thought he was bad at football. Every time he was passed the ball, he couldn't catch it. His coach decided to put him on defense. Larry was fast, and was able to get many tackles. He succeed defensively and he became a confident player.
Niall wanted to buy his girlfriend an engagement ring. He went to the jeweler. He told him he only had 50 bucks. The jeweler turned him around and pointed him towards the door. Niall ended up buying a plastic ring from a machine.
Fred is visiting France. He is overwhelmed by the size of the city. Fred wishes he had brought a map. He can't find his way to his hotel. Fred asks a stranger for directions and gets help.
Trisha was a dramatic little girl. Trisha wanted to get the attention of her classmates. Trisha made up a story about how she was dating a boy in her class. Trisha then told the class she and her boyfriend broke up. Trisha successfully lied to her entire class to get attention.
Tina and her friends went out to Mexican food. They were unsure how they would like it. Tina originally thought it was expensive. Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it. Tina couldn't wait to return.
I was planning to go to my aunt's house with my friends. However, I only picked a few people to go with since my car is small. Bradley begged to come with us. However, there wasn't enough space for him to sit. We ended up leaving without him.
Arnie was financially dependent on his wife. She was much richer and older than him. He was having an affair with a much younger woman. Arnie devised a plan to kill his wife to get her money. Before he could carry it out, his wife absconded with his mistress.
David has a favorite song. He listens to this song on a loop. People think that David is foolish for doing so. David loved the song so much, that he chose the song over everyone. He quit his job.
It was a cold winter day. Martha went to make herself a cup of hot chocolate. She added marshmallows on top. Martha felt immediately warmer upon drinking the hot chocolate. It was a lazy winter afternoon for Martha.
Tim was tail gating. He thought the car in front of him was going too slow. All of a sudden it braked. Tim rear ended him. They had an argument and exchanged insurance information.
My teacher looked angry today. My teacher yelled at the classroom and gave us all a pop quiz. The classroom moaned and groaned. Nobody was prepared for this quiz. The entire classroom failed the quiz.
Teddy was hungry. He decided to buy a candy bar. He unwrapped it because he was hungry. He begin to see something colored inside. It was a golden ticket in the candy bar.
The first date I remember was my first year in college. A girl and I went to a play at school. Then we ate at a Mexican restaurant. The restaurant was about to close. But a friend of mine thought she was into me.
A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial. He began studying many religions. He found profound life lessons offered by every religion. He absorbed what was useful and discarded the rest. He saw his life improve.
Many years after her move, I visited my friend in Nebraska. She was getting married to a man she met there. The wedding was beautiful, and I was matron of honor. We went to see her new house afterward. She was extremely happy, just as we expected.
Gina's crush had smiled at her in the morning. She hadn't seen him since then. It was recess and she was hoping to see him. After 20 minutes she thought he hadn't come outside. Finally she spotted him watching the boys playing basketball.
Keith wanted to quit smoking. His friend suggested that Keith wear the nicotine patch. Keith decided to try it. He put the patch on and wore it faithfully for weeks. Happily, Keith found that the patch helped him quit smoking!
Aaron played football in high school. Aaron usually neglected his school work. His grades suffered as a result. Aaron was in danger of getting thrown off of the team. His parents hired a tutor for Aaron to raise his grades.
Ben made plans with Diana to watch a movie on Friday. As soon as he approached the theater, he waited for her. A few hours have passed and she still didn't show up. While building up frustration, Ben left and visited another friend. They spent the rest of the day playing basketball.
Linda like wearing the color red. All her clothing was the color red. Even the color lipstick she wore was red. Linda decided to change things up a bit. Instead of only wearing just red she now wears the color blue.
My wife likes night lights. We had an old fashioned light that used incandescent bulbs. One night the bulb blew. I replaced the light with an LED light. It was too bright and we did without a night light that day.
Toby found a new apartment. He applied with the correct information. They offered him a residence. He accepted that offer. Toby moved his items into the apartment.
Two brothers enjoyed playing penny ante poker. During one game they both had very high hands. They both bet all the money they had on the hand. After the hand they got in a fight. They never played poker again.
Baby Charlotte looked down at the floor. She wasn't sure. But she lifted her foot anyway. Then she put it down! Baby Charlotte had taken her first step!
Ben went to his favorite cafe on his birthday. He told the waiter that it was his birthday today. The waiter said that his meal would be his gift to Ben. Ben thanked the waiter a lot. He left the waiter a large tip.
George was nervous that prom was coming up. He had yet to find a date for the big dance. He remembered an old friend he had in another school. He called her up hoping for a miracle. She said yes and went with George to his Prom.
Henry is doing poorly in school because of a bully. He finally speaks up. His mother goes to the principal to seek advice. The bully is taken care of. Henry starts doing better in school.
I just got home from an Ariana Grande concert! The sound was amazing and my friends and me had a great time! We even got to meet the woman herself! She told us she loved us and we were her best friends ever! I can't wait until she's in town so I can see her again!
Laura couldn't decide who to have as a bridesmaid. She had a lot of friends but none were very close. She decided just to have her sisters. Her college roommate was furious at being left out. The roommate got drunk at the wedding and made a huge scene.
Allison really wanted a My Little Doggie Brownie Cake doll. She only received wool socks for Christmas though. She asked her Dad to take her to the after Christmas sales. At the fifth Walmart store, she finally found the doll. She held the doll tight, until they made it to check-out.
Kyle was playing with some blocks in his room. Suddenly his little brother stormed in and knocked everything over. Kyle and his brother began to argue. Suddenly, their mom stormed in and scolded them. Both boys were grumpy for a long time after.
Gina was at the grocery store near her home. She needed to get a copy of a key made. She hoped the line was short so it would be a quick trip. In the store there was a line at the service desk. Gina let out a big sigh, knowing this was going to be a long wait.
Julian had been suffering from back pains all week. It was beginning to interfere with his work. As he tried to find the cause, he noticed his bed was very uniform. He decided to replace his mattress that very day. Luckily, within days his pain started to go away.
Anthony watches a lot of movies about computers. He wished he could impress a venture capitalist to invest in him. After college he designed a website. People were allowed to warn people about other people on this site. A venture capitalist saw the site and offer Anthony one million.
My mom said I could adopt a puppy for my birthday. We went to the humane society. There were a lot of dogs there. I picked out a white puppy with brown spots. We adopted the puppy and named him Brewster.
Bill was a creepy guy. He would sit by his creepy bed. In his creepy house. Right next to his creepy dog. Bill kept on being creepy his whole life.
Susie loved to read. She read every day. One day Susie decided she wanted to buy a new book. So she went to the store to get one. Thankfully it was on sale.
I got a job selling cookies door to door. I had to walk around all day in the hot sun. I got extremely thirsty. I decided that I should carry water with me when I work. I never got extremely thirsty on the job ever again.
One day AJ got a pet mouse. He named it Squeaks. He designed Squeaks' cage to look cool. He brought Squeaks home and put him in the cage. He already loved his new pet.
Ethan had been studying all week for his English exam. He reviewed all his notes. Then he practiced essay writing. By test day he was prepped and ready. Ethan scored a perfect score on his exam!
Anna hated carrots, but her mom insisted she eat more veggies. Then her grandma showed her a secret. She marinated the carrots in brown sugar and cooked them. Anna tasted them and was astonished. They were delicious - she loved them!
It was a warm day in the city. Jane decided to open the windows and air the house out. As she lifted a storm window the frame lifted from the house. It was only attached on one side leaving the other to flap open. Jane knew this would have to be fixed immediately.
Tom went to his local diner. It took his waitress twenty minutes to take his order. The waitress brought Tom the wrong drink. Tom's food wasn't as good as it usually was. Tom didn't leave a tip.
The Smiths were having holidays done of the children. The youngest Smith, Ty, was a shy one year old who cried a lot. They tried everything they could to get him to sit with his sisters. Just when they were giving up, the photographer pulled out an ottoman. Ty's face lit up as he ran to the new toy, happily posing for photos.
Tom was drunk downtown. He left his car and took a taxi. Tom's car was missing when he went back. He first thought it was stolen and called it in. They told him it had been towed.
Jane was at the roller rink with her friends. She spotted her crush across the room. Jane decided to get his attention by dancing while skating. She began to dance and noticed her crush was watching her. Jane got too excited and embarrassingly fell while he was watching.
There was a bird nest outside the family's door. It had four eggs in it. The family checked each day. Soon, the babies had hatched! A week later, the babies flew out of the nest.
Joey knows he should eat more healthy food. He decides to look for some fruit to eat. He has a banana in his cupboard. Joey eats the banana. He is glad that he has started eating healthy food.
Ferdy is at the poker game. He is talking very loud. Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up. The person takes a hot dog and shoves it in Ferdy's mouth. Ferdy is not very happy and hits the man.
Larry was taking flying lessons in the next town over. The instructor had given him reading material to memorize. So, he spent three afternoons reading up on aircraft maintenance. He then scheduled an appointment for his next lesson. When he arrived, the instructor quizzed him and he passed it.
I was dating my boyfriend for six months. One day, he told me he wanted me to meet his mother. So, we went across town to her house. His mom and I clicked immediately upon meeting. She cooked for us and told me old stories all night.
Kim and her friend missed the last ferry for the Statue of Liberty. The next day they went early. They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown. When the spoke with the cashier she informed them tickets are online. There were no tickets for that day they didn't get to visit the crown.
Lucy was lost in a neighborhood she didn't know. She had been walking for hours trying to get back there. It was dark now and she was crying and afraid. She had no idea how she was going to find her way back. Lucy sat down on the curb, and began to cry.
Tom loved riding his bicycle. One day his chain busted. Tom didn't know how to replace it. He went online and looked up tutorials. He was able to do it without much trouble.
Karen was in a hurry while doing her makeup. She didn't notice how badly she messed it up. It was hours before anybody told her anything. Finally someone pointed it out politely. Karen went to a bathroom and fixed it.
David had a terrible candy addiction. So he decided to eat less and less candy everyday. Gradually, he was able to go all day without candy. And he felt better than ever. David was glad his persistence and patience paid off.
I used to go fishing with my dad. He was a really good fisherman. He would always catch a lot of fish, a whole lot more than me. We would always eat the fish we would catch. I miss going fishing with my dad.
John's stomach was rumbling. He hadn't eaten all day. He went to the pantry and it was empty. He checked the fridge and found one last container of yogurt. John gobbled it up quickly.
Calvin was lifting concrete at work. While lifting concrete Calvin's pants ripped in half. Calvin was so embarrassed. Calvin ran to the clothing store. Calvin found new pants to wear.
My bedroom looked bland. My friend and I went shopping for new furniture. She helped me pick out a good color scheme. We painted the walls as well. Now my room is stylish and beautiful.
Gina had washed a bedspread. It was the largest thing she ever washed. She had to hold it against her chest to get it out of the washer. She pushed the bulky, wet item into the dryer. She then realized the front of her shirt was damp.
The kids wanted to be part of something. They joined the garden club at school. Every day, they worked in the garden. They tilled and planted and weeded. Then they picked the produce they grew!
Julie was going to the beach with her friends. She had been checking the weather nonstop. When the got to the beach it was sunny. Suddenly the sky darkened and it started to rain. The girls had to stay inside the rest of the trip.
Natasha loved basketball. She wanted to be professional player. She knew everything about the sport there was to know. She just didn't have any coordination or height. After college she became the first ever women to be a NBA head coach.
Ken was driving in the rain. There was mud on the road. Ken hit an area of mud. He lost control of his vehicle. Ken went skidding into the ditch.
I was at Goodwill last week. In the video game section there was a Super Nintendo. It was only five dollars with four games. I bought it right away. When I got home I played for hours non stop.
John was a star football player. He got a scholarship to play in college. John injured himself in a game. He had to stop playing football. John began to focus more on his studies.
Arnold was called to a disturbance. There was a drunk man there. He was belligerent and tried to attack Arnold. Arnold had to detain him. He was arrested for disorderly conduct and attacking an officer.
Zach told Troy he would never be able to drive a ball over 300 yards. Troy decided that Zach didn't know what he was talking about. Troy practiced hard on his driving techniques. Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards. Zach has to pay Troy $100 for the wager that he made.
Jordyn was trying to improve her soccer skills. She decided to try out for an advanced summer team. She did not think she would make the team but she did. The team did very well in the season. They won the region and made it to North American finals.
Derek loved to go fast on his motorcycle. He wanted to win the upcoming motorcycle race. Derek knew that he would win the race if he practiced hard. He woke up early every morning to practice his runs on the course. On the day of the race, Derek won it by a long shot!
I had studied and was ready to take the test. Armed with my number 2 pencil I walked confidently into the classroom. After the teacher passed out the standardized tests he said to begin. I carefully read each question and problem and filled out the bubbles. I finished before anyone and I know I did really well.
Tim was a hard worker. He didn't have much time off. He decided to have a mini vacation. He went to a local hotel and hung out. It was a good way to relax a bit.
We moved to Cambridge in 2013. I needed a new router. My brother installed it. It took hours and a call to tech support. I will hire someone next time I need a router.
Tom was at the bank. He was trying to fill out some papers. Unfortunately the bank's pen was leaky. It got all over Tom's hands. The bank apologized profusely.
John went camping with his friend They discovered that they forgot cups. They used pickle jars that they already had to drink. Their water tasted like pickles. They will remember to bring cups from now on.
Liz is in a biology class. Her final test is coming up. She studied every day. Liz tried her best on the test. Unfortunately, she failed!
Helen was offered a retirement saving account through her employer. She found all of the expense ratios inappropriately high. She asked the employer's finance director about this. They told her that if she could find a better option she should accept. Helen gladly found an IRA with an expense ratio between 0,10 and 0,30.
Jim was walking home from the bar late at night. Suddenly a strange man approached him. The man demanded all of Jim's money. Jim, terrified, handed over his wallet. The stranger got away with all his ID and almost $200 in cash!
Today was a special day for me, it's my birthday. My grandparents told me they sent my gift in the mail. I have been waiting all day for the mailman to deliver it. After lunch, I feel asleep waiting for my gift to arrive. A knock at the door woke me, it was here, special delivery.
Bertha decided to spend her time only reading books. She quit her clubs and stopped eating. Bertha's parents told her that this was an unhealthy obsession. Bertha began to balance her time between reading and other things. Bertha and her parents felt glad to have worked things out.
I went to the Red sox game last night. It was my first live game. Tom had bought tickets for me as a surprise. The experience was amazing. I cannot wait to go again.
Marge was at dinner with her family. Marge was eating a lobster. Marge was using her teeth to crack the shells. Marge cracked a tooth on one of the shells. Everyone laughed at Marge's funny smile.
Annie wanted to put on a puppet show. She made three puppets out of old socks. She then constructed a puppet theater out of an old cardboard box. She invited her parents and two brothers to the show. Her family clapped and hollered for an encore after the show was over.
My old shoes were really worn down. My mom took me to the store to buy new ones. We could not find any that fit. Finally, I found the perfect ones, and promised to keep them clean. The next day, I accidentally stepped in a muddy puddle with them on.
Aaron had diabetes. He used a diabetic pump. The batteries went out. He got new ones. He changed them out.
Jeremy was walking through his garage. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain. He realized he had stepped on a fish hook. He ran to his kitchen to remove it. With some first aid tools he cleaned the area too.
I put my dog in the car. He stuck his head out the window during the car ride. When we got to the Veterinarian's office he got scared. But the Veterinarian was very kind and gave him a treat. Still my dog was happy when it was time to go back home.
Diane had to make breakfast for three boys. Her son had had a sleepover the previous night. Now the boys were awake and hungry! Then Diane thought of an easy solution. She served the boys cereal and they enjoyed it very much!
In 1972 I went out on a bike ride. I rode from the South End to Roxbury. I decided to keep going. I ended up in Dedham, nineteen miles away. It took me awhile to get back.
Rob was at a grocery store. He was tempted to buy various different items on sale. So he put them in his cart. After he got home, he realized he didn't need half of what he bought. So next time, he tried to be more careful.
I like playing speed chess. Each player has three minutes. If a player is not checkmated the one who runs out of time loses. I sometimes beat better players on time. I enjoy this aspect of speed chess.
Renee had a strong love for camping One day she went camping with her friends Her and her friends set up the tents, and made a fire They roasted hot dogs and Marshmallows over the fire They had a very good time and barely slept
It was over 90 degrees outside! Katelyn was really feeling the heat. Katelyn decided to cool down by going to an ice cream parlor. She ordered a chocolate chip cookie dough shake. The ice cream made her feel much cooler!
Jay took a summer job on a farm. He had to feed the animals. He also had to much out their stalls. It was hard work, but Jay loved it. He knew he was building his character!
I started a radio station from my high school. We called it Jacket News Views. I sat at a table and talked into a microphone. We covered the ball games. We also talked about gossip in school.
Richards loves the drum. He picks up his drumsticks. Then goes to his practice room. Richard sits down at his drum kit. Finally, he plays a beat on his drums.
Brett bought flowers for Lina. He showed it to her when she was in the cafeteria. Everyone looked at them and laughed. Since Lina felt embarrassed, she took them and walked away. She also threw them away in the trash can outside of the cafeteria.
One day Tina was hiking. All the sudden she fell. She had slipped. Her knees were scraped. She had to put stuff on them.
One day dale was out doing some Christmas shopping. He had bought presents for everyone in his family. He was walking to his car. He saw a homeless man begging for money. Dale in his giving spirit bent down and gave the man a 100 dollar bill.
Tim is a toddler. His parents wanted him to go to preschool. But he was only 3 years old. The teachers talked to him. They thought he was not ready due to his age.
Carley loved to play softball. She was very upset when she struck out during a game. She was also sad that her team lost. Carley was used to winning. Her coach said she was still proud of the team for trying hard.
The kids gathered their supplies. They were carving their pumpkins that night! They traced the shapes with a marker. Then they carefully carved them out. The put candles inside and lit them.
I was walking down the street. All of a sudden someone came up to me. They were talking like they knew me. I had no clue who they were. I guess it was a case of mistaken identity.
Tom and Juan were studied for their algebra test together. They ended up getting the same answers wrong. And their teacher felt suspicious. They said they studied together and sat far apart during the test. And their teacher apologized for accusing them of cheating.
I was lighting a vanilla candle today. When I held the lighter on the wick it didn't light. It still wouldn't light. I held the lighter down very hard. My hand slipped and I broke my fingernail.
Kelsi was excited to have a balloon party. She got all her friends together for the blast. Unfortunately it was raining so she couldn't have it outside. Kelsi immediately took her friends inside. Although inside, the girls still enjoyed the party.
The man's heart beat felt strange. He went to the doctor. The doctor said he had an irregular heartbeat. He was forbidden to have caffeine and sugar. His heartbeat returned to normal.
Hubert studied the presentation. From here, he'd learn how to hack websites and applications. Over time, he took joy in learning the code itself. Later, he became highly skilled and sought after. Ultimately, the job that resulted from the research was his easiest.
Sam was making homemade fries for the first time. He had stepped out of the kitchen when he smelled smoke. He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire. He remembered to smother it instead of using water. Luckily, the fire was subdued and didn't make too much damage.
Randy has a crush on a girl from his school. He is very nervous about trying to ask her out. One day he decides he has to make his move. One day at Lunch he decides to sit down beside her. Randy asks her to go out with her and she replied yes!
Once there was a girl who lived with her mom in a trailer park. Her mom was mean, and told the girl that she was stupid and lazy. But the girl did all of the cleaning, and worked hard in school. She got a scholarship to college, and even earned a master's degree. Later, she traveled the world and helped poor girls get an education.
Davis was at his family's log cabin in the forest. He was spending some time by himself after a long week at work. He tried to light a fire outside, but the wood was too damp to light. Without a fire, Davis was not able to prepare any food. Davis decided to leave the cabin and go eat fast food.
Marie was excited about the school dance. She was going to go to the dance with Lee. Lee got the flu a day before the dance. He wasn't able to join Marie. Marie went to the dance with her friends.
Emily had just bought a farm. She got some chickens. She loved going into the yard and getting eggs every day. She started making omelets every morning! Emily loved life on the farm.
Paul loved tv dinners. Whether in the microwave or oven, he loved the taste. He purchased 3 of them one day. He ate all of them in one sitting. Paul felt sick later that night.
Tina was getting very hungry. In fact she was rather antsy. She really wanted to eat. She was sick of waiting. Finally she stopped at a restaurant and ended up eating a lot.
Kerry placed cheese and macaroni onto a pan. She placed it in the oven. When it was taken out, the top layer was completely burned. I tried to take one bite of the food. I threw up after swallowing it.
Matt wanted to go on vacation but he wasn't sure where. He researched places and decided to spend a weekend up north. Matt found a cabin to rent for a reasonable price. He called the owner and made a reservation. Matt looked forward to his upcoming trip.
I made a resume that was made up of lies. I did really well on an interview. I was given the job! I was unable to fulfill my job requirements. I was fired within a week.
Craig planted some tomatoes in his backyard. The tomatoes grew to be Four feet tall. Many tomatoes grew on his plants all summer. Craig gave some of the tomatoes to his neighbor. Craig's neighbor gave him back some fresh salsa.
Ben was riding a bike fast one day. Down the sidewalk he went as fast as he could. Ben didn't see the large branch in the way. His front tire hit the branch and the bike and ben went flying. He bent the rim of his wheel and scuffed his knee.
Casey was looking around for a used car. His neighbor was selling a car. The car was cheap but needed work. Casey bought the car. After a month of work, the car was ready to drive.
Yuko is very hungry in her apartment. She decides she would like to eat. She checks the cabinets but she does not have any food. Yuko decides to go out to eat. Finally Yuko can eat dinner at a restaurant.
Sam and his friends decided to throw a hotel party. They rented out a room and invited lots of friends. Within minutes it was raided. Sam and his friends all got in trouble. They didn't throw another hotel party again.
Cleaning out a deceased relative's attic, Ana found an old gold watch. The relative was distant and Ana did not know her well. Therefore, she felt okay about selling the watch. She took it to a jeweler, who appraised it at $9000! Ana was thrilled with her worthy find!
I was walking towards my college campus. But some students asked me to sign a petition. They told me it would take a few seconds. But then they kept telling me to sign more and more papers. I became very annoyed and left before I wasted too much time.
The instructor announced the lab that we're going to perform. When I asked my lab partner to help me out, they were confused. Therefore, I decided to complete the whole experiment by myself. Everything ended up working well, although it was a lot of work. The teacher also gave the lab partner detention for not doing anything.
There once was a loud bully. He yelled and belittled all. This bully seemed large to those in fear. Until one day, everyone ignored this bully. What once was a big problem, now seemed so very small.
The cat start eating the handles off of a plastic bag. The next day we saw that they had trouble passing it. We had to take them to a vet to help us. The bill was very expensive. We were very upset at the cat.
My niece's wedding was set for June 2. The day before the wedding, her groom was arrested! He was jailed for failure to report a change of address. We managed to bail him out just in time for the ceremony! My niece was greatly relieved and had a lovely wedding.
I read North Korea recently executed a man for sleeping on the job. This reminded me of when I fell asleep at work. I was in a large room for a presentation. The speaker was so boring I fell asleep. My boss was not pleased but he did not kill me.
Once, I was walking with my friends in the city. We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues. They looked just like owls, and they were near the tops of buildings. They seemed to be for repelling pigeons. They must really have a pigeon problem to go to such lengths.
Sam was playing football with Mike. But the football got stuck in a tree. Mike said the tree was too dangerous to climb. But Sam did it anyway. As Sam almost reached the ball, the branch he was standing on broke.
Daisy was a very cheerful kid. But she grew up to be a very cynical and bitter woman. When she saw her parents after many years, they were worried. They asked her if she needed help. Daisy cried and told them how lonely she felt apart from them.
It was independence day and Lucy wanted to see the Fireworks. She jumped into the car and waited for grandpa. Before they got to the park they hit heavy traffic. They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them. Lucy rolled down the window, stuck out her head and watched.
Ron was a first year basketball referee. He was officiating one game when he made a bad call. The crowd yelled at Ron for his mistake. After the game the other referee told Ron not to worry about it. Ron knew he was going to make mistakes and eventually got over it.
The local amusement park added a new roller coaster. It was opening for the season at last. Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride. When the gates opened they ran to the new coaster. They couldn't believe how fast it went, riding it ten times that day!
Shelly made breakfast for her boyfriend. She planned extensively her meal. She decided to make eggs and bacon. She prepared a beautiful meal and served it to him. She found out then he was allergic to eggs.
One day Tammy decided to take her dog on a walk. She had never done that before, so she didn't use a leash. As they were walking, her dog got excited and ran away. It took Tammy two hours to finally find her dog. Now whenever she walks her dog, she makes sure to use a leash.
Last week I was out with my wife. I rarely go out being disabled. We were parked near a bridge. I took an interesting photo of the rust on the bridge. It was a good photo opportunity.
Jemma was three years old and had a high fever. Her mother decided to take her to the doctor to make sure she was ok. The doctor reassured her that she would be fine with rest and fluids. Feeling comforted, Jemma's mom took her home and put her to sleep. Jemma woke up acting like herself again.
Elizabeth was playing basketball with some friends. She jumped up to dunk the ball. She ended up breaking the rim. As it came crashing down, she jumped out of the way. Elizabeth looked at her hands, in awe of her strength.
Tom liked using coupons when he went shopping. He printed a few coupons at home. He went to the store to buy the items. At the counter, he realized that he had left the coupons at home. Tom decided not to buy any of the items that day.
Sandy has been best friends with Sam for 10 Years. Sadly, Sam died in a car accident. Sandy was so heartbroken at the loss of her friend. Sandy  decided to visit Sam's mother for comfort. Sandy felt comforted once Sam's mother prayed with her.
It was the top of the ninth inning. The coach had to go to the bull pen. The new pitcher came out on the field. He looked very confident. The new pitcher struck out the remaining batters.
My husband and I remodeled our bathroom. It was a very dirty job. The tub we removed was nearly 70 years old. The project took two full days. The new bathroom looks amazing!
It was mother's day. Bethany wanted to do something special for her mother. She bought her mother a huge bouquet of roses. Afterwards, a strong gust blew away the roses in Bethany's hand. Bethany was able to salvage the roses by picking them off the ground.
Joe tried to print his homework. The printer jammed. Joe opened the printer to fix it. He saw that there was actual jam jamming the printer. Joe chuckled in amusement.
Angie bought ground beef at the supermarket. She brought it home, and looked forward to making burgers. The meat had a strange smell and the color didn't look right. She took it back to the supermarket where they refunded her money. She ended up just having a sandwich for dinner.
Jake and his girlfriend shared everything with each other. The only thing Jake didn't know was what was inside a little box. Jake's girlfriend kept the box locked under the bed. She wouldn't tell Jake what was in it. One day Jake picked the lock to find a surprise watch for him.
Jill's mom sent her into the donut shop to buy a dozen. She selected 12 donuts. The worker said to pick one more. He told her they sold baker's dozens, which were 13. But she still only had to pay for 12.
Pamela was a massive introvert. For this reason, she hated to go to parties. She never knew what to do after the initial greeting. She usually ended up leaving early. She decided to have her own party for introverts by herself.
Sally gets a new bike for her birthday. She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it. Her father teaches her how to ride it. After a couple weeks of practice, Sally can ride her bike on her own. She now rides her bike everywhere she goes.
Joey was driving down the road. His engine began to make a noise. He pulled over to see what was wrong. White smoke blew all in his face. His car had blown its engine.
Lenny wasn't having any luck at the slots. He thought it just wasn't his day. He was down to his last quarter. He decided to put it in the slot and pull. Lenny's eyes lit up with joy as he hit the jackpot.
A man went to an airfield and rented a small airplane. He took it up 600 feet and flew it over his ex-girlfriend's house. The man began to toss out golf balls on her house. He pretended that they were bombs and he was in war. Most balls missed but enough hit to do serious damage.
Jane had a lot of old clothes. She always bought new stuff. She would normally throw things away. A friend convinced her to donate them instead. Jane started doing that instead and felt good about it.
Trina decided to make steak tacos for dinner tonight. She grilled the corn first, then the steak. The rice simmered on the stove while everything cooked. Trina mixed all the ingredients in a large bowl. Everything looked great inside the taco shells with sour cream on top.
Kelsi was caught off guard when she saw her ex boyfriend. She noticed him at school in the afternoon. The two locked eyes and had a moment. At the same time they leaned in and kissed each other. The moment was surreal.
We went to Fiorella's in Newton for dinner last night. We had only gone to their take out restaurants before. We ordered drinks, dinner, and desserts. We loved the arancini appetizers. We were stuffed after the dinner.
I was driving in my city. I couldn't see because of the mist. It was hard to drive. I had a plan. I turned on the windshield wipers so I could finally see.
I decided to ride the ski train from Denver to Winter Park CO. I bought a ticket online. I enjoyed riding the train to the ski area and back again. I am glad I rode the ski train when I did. They discontinued the ski train within a month of my ride.
Alex was told by his parents to not mess with their computer at all. One day when his parents had to run errands he was left at home. Alex decided to go on his parents computer since they weren't home. He ended up messing up their passwords. Alex's parents came home and saw what he had done they grounded him.
The unsigned card arrived 2 days after Syd's birthday. It was a lovely, personal card. But it gave no indication which person had sent it. Syd asked relatives and friends about the card. Four weeks later, Syd's mom remembered sending the card.
A girl at Sally's school told the class Santa wasn't real. Sally protested that her parents said Santa was real. The teacher quickly changed the subject. Sally went home and asked her parents about Santa. Her parents looked sad and told Sally the truth.
I just harvested some carrots from my garden. I had planted carrot seeds and melon seeds months ago. The carrots are ready to eat, but the melon seeds never grew. Maybe I need to wait a few more months for the melons to grow. I am looking forward to eating melons.
Bella is on her way to the train station. Bella is stuck in traffic. Bella is late for her train ride. Bella arrives and the train is gone. Bella misses her train.
Peter had just filled up a dozen water balloons. He was really excited about throwing them at Sally. Peter couldn't find Sally and he had looked everywhere. Peter remembered that Sally was out of town all weekend. Peter was sad that he had no one to throw his balloons at.
Anne was a high school girl who needed some cash. Anne's parents couldn't help her with this because times were tight. Anne decided to get a part time job. Anne began working in a boutique at her local mall. Now Anne has the money she needs for the school ski trip.
Kim's parents were out of town. They had left Kim three hundred dollars in case of an emergency. Kim called her friends over and had a party. She ordered pizzas and bought snacks. Kim was grounded when her parents returned.
Harper smelled the stranger standing on the lawn. She decided this lawn was not that great. She pulled her owner around the corner. There stood another dog of similar interest. Another round of smelling began.
Abby walked down the road. He saw the ice cream truck. He ordered two ice creams. In the shade he at them. He felt full in his belly.
Several of my friends came over to my house. They carried several food and alcoholic drinks with them. The party went well until my mom came home early. She forced everyone out of the house. In addition, she got frustrated and grounded me.
Jessica liked tormenting her brother. She also liked to get him into trouble. Some cookies went missing. Her brother told on her. Jessica got into trouble and her brother got back at her.
When leaving Amy realized she enjoyed her vacation in Los Angeles. Amy couldn't believe how different it was from her home in Minnesota. She was in the car driving to the airport when she made a decision. Amy told her sister she was moving to Los Angeles. Her sister was so excited she almost crashed into a fence.
I saw a wool sweater at the store. It was really cheap. However it was too small for me. I decided to work out for two months. Soon, the sweater was able to fit me.
Tina and her friends went apple picking. They ran through the orchard. The girls picked up a few buckets of apples. When they got home they made pie. They were happy they got apples.
Today I was babysitting my young cousin. We were outside building a snowman. I bent over to gather snow and felt a snowball whack me. I lost my balance and knocked my head against the wall. Afterwards, I woke up in a hospital bed with a nasty concussion.
Jan cut her finger while chopping food. So she went to put a band aid on the cut. But there was too much blood. Jan drove to the hospital. And doctors were able to stop the bleeding.
He is thirsty. He opens the kitchen cabinet and gets out a clean glass. He takes it to the sink and fills it with water. He drinks all the water in the glass. He doesn't feel thirsty anymore.
Cuy was doing very poorly in Spanish class. Then his classmate Eva offered to tutor him for extra credit. Eva and Cuy practiced their Spanish every day at lunch. Soon Cuy was fluent in the language. And then, best of all, Eva asked him out on a date!
Bobby was excited for the weekend. His father had promised to take him to the zoo. Unfortunately it started raining Saturday morning. Bobby's father took him to the zoo anyways. Bobby got to see the baby elephant splash in the rain puddles.
Steven's final exam is an essay. It is due in two days. It has to be 10 pages long. Joe has only written 1 page. Joe decided he better skip the party and write his paper.
I love to go to singing competitions. However, I hate dressing formal. One day I went in a t-shirt and jeans. Everyone at the competition laughed at me. However, I was so comfortable that I won the competition.
My best friend lives in New York. Last week I went to visit him. I took a train up to New York and had a great ride. He picked me up from the train station and we got some Pizza. It's always so good to see my friend in New York.
Grandma came to pick me up today. She was taking me out with her to play. We went to the park and roller skating too. Spending time with Grandma is my favorite thing to do. I can't wait to see Grandma again next week!
Mary was unloading the dishwasher. She noticed a dry crusty substance in some of the glasses. She realized it had been some time since the filter was last cleaned. Mary scrubbed the dishwasher filter. The dishes all come out clean now.
The homeowner heard a scary noise in the attic. He went up to investigate it. He was scared it was a burglar! He spotted a creature with a bushy tail and beady eyes. There was a wild squirrel in the attic!
Francine took pride in her house. It was always neat, clean and ready for company. One day a huge thunderstorm ripped a hole in the roof of the house. Water poured into the house quickly. Francine knew right away that her house wouldn't be the same again.
Zyah likes to play outside. But he doesn't like to play alone. So he knocks on everyone's doors to see if anyone wants to play. Most times no one wants to play with him. But that doesn't stop Zyah from knocking on doors every 30 minutes.
Love is elusive to me. I cannot remember the last time I felt it for a woman. I thought I could have started a relationship with Lisa. Lisa turned out to put me on the backburner multiple times. She later revealed she got back with her boyfriend.
Jimmy was eating at a diner. He ordered a hamburger. The waitress brought his order out. It was a cheeseburger. Jimmy told the waitress that the order was wrong.
Xavier took a metalworking and fabrications class. His parents had forced him to sign up for it. Xavier spent the whole class period making rings. It counted for credit because they required soldering. Xavier did this every week to avoid actually learning metalworking.
Jake had anger issues. He was playing videogames with friends. When he lost he freaked out. He threw the remote and yelled. He was never invited to play again.
Johnny had been saving his money for a while. He had his eye on a new set of sneakers. They were expensive, but he really wanted them. He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money. When he finally bought his sneakers, he was so excited.
I woke up early for work. I took the dog outside for a while. I made a large pot of coffee. I took a long, hot shower. I got dressed and started my day.
In high-school I had a really cute teacher. She would always sit up front in a skirt. One time she caught me peeking. I was really embarrassed and ashamed. She told me it was natural and forgave me.
Tom was training for the Olympics. He worked hard for years. He made the Olympic team and was even more determined. He won a gold and silver medal. He displayed them in his home, proudly.
An art museum had low attendance. The museum tried to lure visitors with exciting exhibits. The visitors heard about the exhibits and went to the museum. The museum had a high admission fee. The visitors left the museum because it cost too much.
Tommy had to get up early the next day. He set his alarm. He went to sleep early. When the alarm went off in the morning, Tommy woke up right away. Tommy was happy that he didn't oversleep.
I went to Disney last week. Everyone else I was with had cards that worked. But when I tried my card it did not work. They made me buy a new one. It was rather disappointing to be honest.
My brother is very strong. He lifts weights all the time. He invited me to lift with him. I tried to lift the weights. I could not lift the heavy weights.
The man was falling from an airplane. He pulled his primary chute cord. His chute did not open. He pulled the backup chute cord. That parachute opened.
Jane was on her way to work. When she got there she noticed she forgot her badge. She called her roommate who verified it was still at her apartment. Jane had to go back to get it. She was in trouble for being late at work.
Cara loved baseball and wanted to play on her high school team. But they only had a team for boys, not for girls! Cara tried to get other girls to form a female's team. But none were interested, so she had to find a new plan. Cara decided to try out for the boys' team -and she made it!
Pete and his friends were happy to go to six flags for the first time. They were excited to go on the coasters, The first coaster they went on was superman. Pete was scared but still had a great time. At the end of the day he was happy.
Carol likes food. She does not like rice or celery though. One day her work had a potluck. Someone brought rice with celery in it. Carol could not believe anyone would bring such a dish.
Tom had a wife and kids. His marriage fell apart. His kids didn't like him. He divorced his wife and left his kid. Tom got a new wife and family.
My sister in law's brother had polio. He was born healthy. When he was a baby his mother noticed his legs were not kicking. They took him to the hospital and he was diagnosed with polio. The family moved out of the house they had.
Angela was always the quiet type. She never spoke up for herself when others bullied her. Then she met Steve. Steve was a real protective type and he loved Angela very much. Steve taught Angela how to stick up for herself.
Cam was so excited. He'd just bought his first new car. He drove it all over town to show off. The car was so fast and sleek! Cam was very happy with his purchase.
Scott is a whiskey enthusiast. On one particular business trip, he visited a whiskey bar. He was overwhelmed with the selection of fine whiskeys. Scott ended up buying 5 different whiskeys. He had a huge headache the next day, but didn't mind it all.
Terry got in a bad car accident. He had to spend months in a hospital. Since then, he has been praying constantly. He healed completely. He is also now an extremely religious man.
Hannah wrote a short play. She asked her mom to take a part. Her mom picked the part of the villain. Hannah took the part of the hero. They acted out the play in the living room.
Jake was always afraid of storms. Thunder really freaked him out. He tried to face his fears. Lighting hit right near him. Jake ran back in and still fears storms.
Susie was having a party. She was glad to invite everyone. But unfortunately her friend Stacy came late. Susie was not having it. She thought Stacy was being very rude.
Sam wanted to learn a second language. He decided that Spanish would be a good language to study. He researched some language learning software. After much research, he decided on Rosetta stone. He began his studies immediately after downloading the program.
Last month my bike was stolen. I had neglected to lock it up at night. I called the police and filed a report. They were unable to locate my bike. That's how I learned to enjoy walking.
James was tending to his garden. He noticed that there were bugs on his plants. James went to the store. He bought spray for his plants. James went home and sprayed his plants.
The Girl Scouts rang the doorbell. Susie answered. They wanted her to buy cookies. She bought ten packs. By the next week she ate them all.
The man turned on his phone. He had three new messages. He listened to the messages. There was some news he did not want to deal with. The man turned his phone back off.
Alan was a carpenter. He needed an assistant for the summer. His nephew was interested in helping Alan. Alan hired his nephew. His nephew worked with him for the summer.
Nancy hated dirt a lot. In fact, she wouldn't step in it at all. One day, she was forced to go outside. After a couple of minutes Nancy stepped in dirt. Now, Nancy is not afraid of dirt at all.
Zoe was a good cook. However, desserts were her speciality. She decided to try her grandma's apple pie recipe. She followed it exactly. It turned out great and she was proud of herself.
The man floated down the river. His boat tipped over. He swam to the tipped over boat. He climbed on top of the boat. He was rescued.
Nancy picked a lot of blueberries. She took them home and washed them. Then she made a pie with them. She served it to all her friends. They gushed over how good it was.
Dan was still in shock after watching the movie Deadpool. He couldn't believe how violent it was! Dan was so disturbed he set up an appointment with his therapist. She couldn't see him until next week. Dan curled into a ball and weep in the corner.
Annabelle had a vast collection of dolls. Her favorite doll was small one named Princess. It had string yellow hair with a bow on top. Annabelle loved to play a game called Queen with Princess. She imagined they were a loving royal family together.
The other night I felt sick. I felt like I was going to throw up. I had no idea what was wrong with me. I then decided to make some tea with cloves. That made me feel better.
My family and I go to my parent's home in Florida every year. One time, it got down to freezing temperatures while we were there. My parent's palm trees all died. My mom was sad that her palm trees were dead. I helped my mom plant new palm trees which cheered her up.
Jim noticed that his hair was becoming more gray every year. He didn't like the gray, but felt that he dying his hair was dishonest One day he decided to trying dying his hair. Jim loved the way he looked black hair again. Jim no longer felt that dying his hair was in any way dishonest.
Stacy was a single woman and was feeling lonely. She bought a new house and started to plant her roots. She wanted a family one day. Because she was single she started to consider being a foster parent. She took the classes and quickly got new kids.
Josh was having a bad day. Nothing was going right for him and he was about to break down. His grandfather turned over to him with a smile on his face. The smile itself enlightened John. John then realized how a smile along with happiness can change a day.
One afternoon, Jim was running down his stairs. As he was running, he tripped. He missed four steps and landed on his head. Jim felt dizzy and was rushed to the ER. There the doctor told him he had a concussion.
Jay had made a bet with his friend that he could do 100 push-ups. Now, Jay was on his 87th push-up, and fading fast. As he hit number 92, he collapsed. Jay had lost the bet. As the loser, he was forced to punch himself in the face.
August was running around the house, chasing his brother. At the same time, August was clutching a pair of scissors in his hand. August's mother soon caught them in the act. When she noticed the scissors, she became angry. August was sent to his room.
Sally wants a tiny house. She prefers the ones that are mobile. She did a lot of research to find the perfect one for her. It took a few months but she finally found it! When she saw it in person she was blown away.
My girlfriend and I saw The Story of O in 1975. She was fascinated by the movie. We tried a few things in the movie. She really enjoyed it. I broke off the relationship, as it was getting too much for me.
Jim was the waterboy for the football team. He took his job very seriously. He would run to give everyone water. One time he tripped but didn't spill any water. The team clapped and cheered for Jim.
Joe found a kitten in the alley. The kitten was tiny and her fur was dirty. He gave her a bath and fed her milk. She soon grew up and was loyal to Joe. He was so happy to find her.
Cora always wanted to take a cruise. Her tax refund check came in the mail. Cora began to search the internet for cruise discounts. She found a great deal for a Caribbean cruise. Three weeks later Cora was finally enjoying the ocean breeze!
Ariel is a new student. It is the first day of school. Ariel is nervous because she wants to make friends. Ariel meets a girl named April and they become fast friends. Ariel is not nervous anymore.
Amir was having a bad day. He decided to walk to his favorite coffee shop to cheer up. When he got there, he saw that the shop was closed. He decided to walk home when he heard a loud bang. A huge rain began to fall.
Tom was joining a fraternity. He didn't realize there were so many steps. They made him take part in a weird ritual. Tom felt uncomfortable but went through with it. He felt it was a strange but entertaining experience.
Lucy got a new iPad. She took it with her abroad. She used it everywhere. One day she left it on the bus. Lucy never saw it again.
Becky wanted to paint her nails for a school dance. She wasn't very good so asked her brother for help. Her brother was annoyed at the request but obliged. He painted elaborate flowers on all her fingernails. Becky received many compliments that night from her classmates.
The guys lined up at the starting line. It was time to race! They took off when they heard the starting pistol. The ran as hard as they could. The defending champion won again!
Eva got a notice from the library that her book was overdue. She tried to return the book the next day at the library. She had brought the wrong library book and didn't realize it. A day later she got another call about the overdue book. Eva was very confused and wouldn't believe the librarian.
Dan went to a garage sale. He was hoping to find a tea kettle. Instead, he found a basket, a pan, a stuffed bear, and a bike. He considered it a successful trip. Maybe he'll find a tea kettle tomorrow.
Jonah went on an African safari trip. During the safari, he saw lions and elephants. He took many photos of these wild animals. When Jonah returned from his trip, he realized he lost his camera. Jonah's friends didn't believe his stories without the pictures.
We liked to vacation in Philadelphia a lot over the summers. Every summer we vacationed there, we would eat Philly cheesesteak. I missed Philadelphia after we stopped going because I was in college. Then, my mom brought a cheesesteak with her when she visited me. I thanked her since I was so happy to remember those good times!
I woke up so late this morning. I was panicked when I saw what time it was. I had to be at work on time. I threw myself together quickly. I was still thirty minutes late.
Carl loved baking bread. But he didn't know what to do with all of the bread he baked. So he started his own bakery but didn't know what to name it. Carl was happy that he could bake all day. So he called it The Happy Baker.
Junior asked his father if he could sign up for MMA classes. His father agreed, and took him that very day. On the first day of class, Junior learned Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. He was immediately hooked, and couldn't stop asking questions. And he loved it so much, he practiced for hours once he got home.
Hank walked on his deck towards his back door. As he stepped over one board it made a noise. Hank stopped and went back to the board. He bounced on it a while to determine what was wrong. Got his power drill and drilled the board back in place.
Shelly is always bossing her boyfriend around. One day she tells him he is dressed like a hobo. Her boyfriend takes offense to this and ends the relationship. Shelly apologizes but it's no use. Shelly's boyfriend moves on and finds someone better.
Tim was in a new movie. It became more popular than expected. They had a premier for it. Tim was excited and invited may friends. It was a great deal of fun for him.
Kariem raised a small flock of chickens. He would let them out of their yard every evening. When they returned at the end of the day, he noticed one was missing. Kariem checked his property for the missing hen. After sunset, he found the hen perched in a tree.
Laura was doing her own hair at home. She wanted to color it. But she was afraid of how it would look. She accidentally spilled dye on the carpet. Laura was so upset about the mess and had to clean it up.
A turkey walked across the field. A hunter was watching it. He reached for his turkey call and tried to call it in. The turkey was too smart! He ran off in the other direction and hid in the woods.
The lady heard a peculiar noise. She looked around and saw a parrot talking to her! She approached the bird and he started yelling at her. She was embarrassed and kind of scared. The bird yelled again, so she ran away.
My wife retired from work recently. On Tuesday an applicant was due for an appointment. She never showed up. She said she was sick. She said she was not going to apply for the job after all.
I was baking cookies today. It took a very long time to make the cookie batter. I had to refrigerate the dough for an hour. Afterwards, I was able to put the dough on a cookie sheet. Then, I was able to put the cookies in the oven.
Carl got a new job stacking boxes. He figured it would be easy work. He did the job well enough. It wasn't as easy as he thought, but not bad. Carl kept the job for a while until moving on.
Gordon was always getting into political arguments online. During the presidential race, it caused his blood pressure to rise. People online will argue forever and no one changes their minds. Gordon couldn't understand why people were so stubborn. Gordon will never learn.
Jon was a terrible person. He frequently stole from his friends. One night, he had an epiphany. He realized that he needed to change who he was. From then on, Jon committed to becoming a more ethical person.
The man asked for support. Nobody supported him. The man dropped out of the race. He decided that he wasn't good at politics. He started a new job search.
Joey was playing in his room with his toys. He needed something in his closet so he went to open the door. The door, a sliding mirror, got jammed suddenly. Joey pushed on it which made it fall. The door fell to the ground but luckily it didn't hit Joey.
Jane was having a hard time at work. She left early to avoid further trouble. All she wanted was to relax and enjoy her evening. However that wasn't going to happen. She had a suspended child at home she had to ground.
Ben read about the benefits of yoga. He was interested in attending a class. He went to a local gym and signed up. The yoga class taught him some interesting stretches. Ben decided to sign up for two more years.
Jeff is unhappy at his current job. He wants to leave. He applies for other jobs while at work. He gets a call the next day from a place offering a better job. Jeff takes the Job.
Alma loved her job for she believed she was doing a good thing. When asked about the pound putting dogs to sleep she would shrug. One day she confronted her boss and asked about the concerns. Her worst dreams came true when she was told they were indeed killed. She immediately quit her job and became an animal advocate.
Tom did not like to take tests. He decided to hire someone to take the test for him. He went online and found a tutor who accepted money from him. The tutor answered all the questions correctly. Tom passed the test with flying colors.
John thought it would be cool if he grew his own Christmas tree. So John grabbed seeds for a Christmas tree. He planted the seed in his yard. It grew into a big tree. During Christmas he cut the tree and put it in his living room.
Today someone drove into my car while at an intersection. Luckily, I got the car's registration plate before they drove off. I called the cops and let them know what happened. Turns out it was my boyfriend's brother's girlfriend who did it. Now everyone I know is mad at me for getting her into trouble.
Jill's cat had gone missing for 2 weeks. She had searched everywhere for her. Her cat finally came back to her one morning. Her cat was pregnant! Jill's cat had 3 kittens a few months later.
The bakery offered a fun new cupcake variety. It was filled with marshmallow cream. The diners loved it as soon as they tried it. The bakery started advertising it around town. THey couldn't keep it in stock, it was so popular!
I wanted to have a drink so I went to a bar. Once I arrived, all of my friends were waiting on me. We sat down, had conversations and shots, and enjoyed ourselves! After it was all done I said goodbye and headed home. It was a great night after all!
Karen went to the grocery store and used her credit card. She realized it wasn't in her purse when she got home. She called the store, but they claimed they didn't have her card. She noticed that her puppy was chewing on something plastic. Her puppy had snatched her card and was chewing it to bits.
Andrea was at the park with friends. She noticed something small in the grass. It was a tiny baby bird that looked injured. She took the bird and nursed it to health. When it was better, she set the bird free.
It was Christmas Eve and Mark still hadn't bought gifts. He raced to the mall. In the mall he saw many things were out of stock. He was not satisfied with what he came out with. Mark decided he would never wait that long to buy gifts.
Liz was playing with her boyfriend. She tripped and fell. She tried to break her fall with her arm. It broke her wrist in two places. Her and her boyfriend don't play as rough anymore.
Growing up Andy knew that he was a little different. He had imaginary friends like other children. But the difference with Andy is that he thought they were really real. When Andy turned 18 he still had imaginary friends that he'd talk to. His psychiatrist diagnosed him with having schizophrenia.
The clouds are covering the sky today. It makes me a bit gloomy and sad. The rainy started to trickle on the windows. I will stay in my pajamas and cuddle under the covers. The rainy day is not fun.
Darren was very jealous of his friend Dan. Dan was really talented at everything he did, including Art. Darren tried really hard on his art but Dan would always do better. Darren was jealous because Dan would never try hard. He realised that Dan's art was so good because he didn't try hard.
I went to the beach today. I sat outside for about five hours. The heat felt amazing. Unfortunately to my dismay I got a sunburn. My entire body was red.
Hugh heard the wailing sound before Martha did. He stood up and rushed to the baby's crib. The baby was on its belly screaming at the top of its lung. Hugh brought the baby close to his chest to reassure it. And Martha fed it so they could all go back to bed.
David has just made a million dollars. He developed an app and sold it to Apple. They loved his idea and wanted it for themselves. David wasn't sure what he was going to do with his fortune. He started by buying a new computer to develop more apps!
Joy was very pale. She wanted a tan. The sun didn't shine where she lived. But she had break from work. So she went on a beach vacation to California and got her tan.
Tim left his job for another job. The new job sounded great on paper with more money. Turns out the new job was too hard for Tim to do. He was going to get fired so he asked his old job if he can come back. The old job took Tim back happily.
Evelyn loved her grandchildren and they enjoyed visiting her. However, they could only visit once a month. She always had presents for them when they visited. She told stories and gave them ice cream at sleepovers. They always made sure their parents took them to spend the night.
Kelli had a bad headache. She had tried taking aspirin. The aspirin didn't work. Kelli went home and took a nap. The headache finally subsided.
James was driving his car home from work. He was at a stop light when his car suddenly jolted forward. He had been rear ended by a large pickup truck. James passed out as his car spun around. He woke up in the hospital.
Todd loved to eat noodles. He decided to make a bowl one day. However, as he was cooking he got a phone call. When he got downstairs, the water had boiled out. His noodles were ruined.
Cindy needed a new coat. She found the one she wanted. The only bad thing was it was too expensive. She decided to start saving. She was excited when she could finally afford it.
Isaiah said he hated seafood. Carlos challenged Isaiah to try some shrimp. Isaiah said he would with some melted butter. Carlos got the shrimp and butter for Isaiah. Isaiah ate a shrimp and said it was delicious.
Tom, a high school student, did not do well on a test. The teacher told Tom that his mother had to sign the graded test. Tom didn't want his mother to find out his poor grade. So, he forged her signature. The next day, he handed the test to the teacher and got away with it.
Kayla was a beautiful dancer. She was always cast in lead roles in her day. Now, she owns the dance studio on 92nd street. It is the best studio in the city. She teaches little girls and boys to be confident and have big dreams.
My husband was in a bad accident in college. He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig. He hit some black ice and rolled his truck. He was fine, but his truck was totaled. He still tried to make it to his gig!
Gabby loved going to church. She especially enjoyed the week of Vacation Bible School. Gabby loved it so much, she asked Bridget to join her this year. Bridgett attended the week of Vacation Bible School with Gabby. Both girls had an enjoyable week at Vacation Bible School.
There  was a hair salon that was looking to add a new product. That afternoon they were approached by a salesman. He was selling a premium shampoo. The hair salon decided to give it a try on a few customers. The customers were pleased so they carried the shampoo.
JB wanted to work in show business. He took an unpaid internship on a TV show fetching coffee. After a year, he was hired at minimum wage to run errands. After two years, he became a production assistant. Ten years after JB started as an intern, he became the director.
I put my son in the car. We drove a long distance. We arrived at the Apraxia walk early. We did everything we could to raise awareness for his condition. We had a great day with the other walkers.
Only one restaurant was in walking distance to the hotel. It was a family owned local restaurant and no one spoke English. Ordering was difficult but the food was wonderful. Later, a bachelor party showed up and everyone sang karaoke. It was a great way to spend our first night in Italy.
Lilly sent a lovely table for her dinner party. She stepped away to get some silverware. When she came back, the cat was on the table licking the butter. It was the last stick of butter that Lilly had left. She didn't tell anyone the cat had been licking it.
Rob was a used car salesman. He was very honest in his dealings. Rob made a sale to a young man. The young man told all his friends about Rob's service. The young man's friends came to Rob for their cars.
Everyone said that Cecil was a good cook. He decided to use that talent to make money. Cecil got a business loan to open his own restaurant. The place was packed for the grand opening! Cecil considers his restaurant a success.
Susie went to a nice restaurant. She thought the food would be good. Unfortunately it was terrible. Susie wanted to send it back. She never wanted to go back.
It was time for me to sing a solo for a big crowd. They were all eager to hear my voice. Right before i went on stage, I lost my voice. I panicked, not knowing what to do. I cleverly played a recording of a good singer from large speakers.
Nell was on a hiking trip with her friends. Then she somehow became separated from them. She was lost on another trail, and scared! She kept her calm and stayed in place, yelling loudly. Luckily, her friends weren't far and found her very soon.
Darlene wanted to enter a salsa-making competition. She gathered the ingredients at the store. She made a few different test batches. She decided on her favorite among the options. She ended up coming in third, and won a modest gift card.
Elaine visited her grandmother in a retirement home. Her grandmother's roommate had a pet. The pet was a colorful parrot. The parrot could say many things, and even learned Elaine's name! Elaine loved visiting her grandmother and the parrot.
Ted ordered a television. The television arrived in the mail. He opened the box to get the television out. When he got it out, he noticed it was cracked. This ruined the day for Ted.
Patrick and his friends were having a blast. They had decided to float down the river. They all got a bunch of old tubes to float in. They grabbed some water and headed out. They floated down the river that whole afternoon having fun.
Joe went out to eat last night. The waitress messed up his order. By the time it got straightened out it was very late. He left a tip anyway. Just another reason Joe is one of the nicest people I know.
Cassie was making a cake. She couldn't get the food dye to come out. She was squeezing the tube really hard. Suddenly, dye spurted out of the tube. Red dye went everywhere and she had to clean it up.
When I was small my mother was planning on having me baptized. I thought that should be my decision and I was going to resist. They took me to the church, and I was scared. I hid under the table and would not come out. I was not baptized, but believed in god, and later changed my mind.
Paul was a hitman for the mob. He was assigned to kill a woman. He looked through the gun scope. It was his mother. His father had put out the hit.
Matt and Brittany went camping one day. They packed their car and drove up north to a campsite. They set up their tent and cooked food by a fire. Later, they made smores! The next day, they drove back home.
Jake was out eating with friends. He wanted to act tough and ordered spicy food. Even though the waitress warned him, Jake ate on. Within minutes he was in tears guzzling water. Jake never finished his food and his friends mocked him.
Lucy was getting married. She hired a woman to help with her makeup. When she got it done though it looked terrible. Lucy did not want to wear it like that. So she fired her.
Kelley wanted something different. She decided to take the move. She decided to take the move to Australia. She got her things together. When she got on the plane she felt sad.
My friend and I went to a mine. We dug holes everywhere looking for rocks. We found different versions of tourmaline. We collected them in a bag. We brought the rocks home to our collection.
Tom was on his way to work. He forgot his keys in his apartment. He accidentally locked the door on the way out. Tom was locked out of his apartment and car. It took him minutes to get back in.
A man went into a hat store. He tried on quite a number of hats before finding one he liked. He hesitated at the price, but bit the bullet and bought it. As he left the store, a gust of wind blew it into a muddy puddle. He returned to the store, and asked about the return policy.
Yesterday I went to walk in the sand. All of the sudden, my sandals broke. I was horrified. I couldn't believe they broke. I was rather upset.
Jake and his brother were ordering pizza. They couldn't decide what toppings to get. Jake wanted pepperoni and his brother wanted sausage. They ordered half pepperoni and half sausage. Each brother had half of the pizza.
Ashley was past her due date. She decided to go out of town with her husband. She began having contractions. They decided to go back home. Ashley had her baby in the backseat of the car.
Sal thought he'd write the next great novel. He wrote a few different short stories to test them out. Sal sent them off to his friends to read. The friends pretended to read and lied about their opinion. Sal felt very grateful to his deceptive friends.
May and her band were performing in the park. They set up their instruments. Then they started playing and singing. The crown began to Applaud and cheer. They loved May's band!
I walked to the movie theater a while back. It took me three hours to get there. When I did I was accosted outside asking for opinions on The Avengers. Then on the way in I was stopped and my bag was searched. I really had trouble enjoying the film.
I was laying in bed the other night, trying to sleep. It really was rather uneventful. Until, of course, I started hearing a distinct thumping noise. My heart started racing and felt like it was in my throat. With relief I realized it was my dog attempting to get an itch.
Tina was mad at her mom so she decided to run away. She packed her little bag and started to walk down the street. She turned the corner and walked up to a house. She rang the doorbell and her grandma answered! Tina had cookies and then went home happy.
The game was tied at 89 with 30 seconds to go. Tim ran as soon as he can to score a basket. When he tried to make a tear drop shot, it slightly missed. I was able to catch the rebound and make a transition basket. Our team ended up winning the game.
Ryan always had a hard time in class. Matt was his very worst subject. He thought he was going to fail the class. He hired a tutor, to teach him everyday. He passed the class.
Susie made some ice cream. She thought it would taste somewhat decent. But it ended up being really bad. Susie then saw it was like soup. She would never make it again.
Anna went on a white water rafting trip with her friend. The brochure had made it look fun. But the real trip was not so fun. It was terrifying in the rough rapids! Anna was glad when the trip ended.
Jane was two years old and a handful. Her mom took Jane to a mall. While in her stroller, Jane started to cry, asking for candy. Always prepared, her Mom took out some candy for Jane. Jane gleefully took the candy and was quiet for the rest of the trip.
Judy always liked to wear her hair in curls. One morning before school she woke up way too late. With no time to do her hair she needed a quick solution. She put her hair into one tie and curled it all in one strand. Luckily this somehow worked and the curls looked great.
In 2001 the upstart Patriots made it all the way to the Super Bowl. They were facing the greatest offense of all time. Nobody gave them a chance. Many people predicted the Patriots to lose by 40 points. But the Patriots pulled off one of the biggest upsets ever and won.
Gary always wanted to be a truck driver. He graduated high school and started looking for a job. His parents wanted him to go to college but he didn't want to. He chose to go to a quick driving school. He got a good job right after school and reached his goals.
James thought he could eat a dozen hotdogs. James started eating. He ate and ate until he felt sick. James ended up puking up seven hot dogs. He never ate hot dogs again.
Colby was a good little eight year old boy. He loved to play with all of his army men. One day he lost his army men and couldn't find them. He got very upset and was worried he would never find them. He finally found them and he was very happy.
Amanda made her favorite sausage rolls. She brought them to the family get together. All of the sausage rolls got ate. Amanda's mom heated up some frozen sausage rolls. All of those sausage rolls got eaten as well.
Amy's mom told her to invite all the girls in class to her party. But Amy didn't want the weird new girl to come. She threw the girl's invitation in the trash. A day before her party, Amy noticed the new girl was absent. The teacher said the girl wouldn't be coming back to class.
Nick was lighting off fireworks with his friends. But then he burned his thumb badly! A lit fuse almost took it right off. Nick had to be rushed to the hospital. He wished he hadn't been so thoughtless.
Carla was going to the post office. She decided to walk there. Carla checked with the clerk for her mail. She had a huge package waiting for her. Carla left and returned in her car for the package.
Margin was running errands when she got thirsty. She went into a gas station to get a slushie. Her hands were a bit full so she tried to balance everything. Unfortunately she spilled the cup onto the floor. Luckily the shop let her replace it for free.
Fernando lived alone in his house. Every day, he would wait to say hello to the mail man. One day, Fernando even had a glass of water waiting for the mail man. It became much later than usual for the mailman to arrive. Fernando then laughed because it was Sunday and there is no mail.
Ed was at the Renaissance Festival. He saw men on horseback riding at each other. The men were aiming long pointed sticks at each other! He learned that it was called jousting. Ed thought jousting was fascinating!
Ari couldn't eat pork. At the kebab shop, he ordered a beef frank. But they told him they only carried pork! Ari was dejected and disappointed. He had to order a bag of potato chips instead.
I needed to make money really fast. All I had to sell were tomatoes. I opened tomato stand on my block. Everyone laughed at my idea. However, no one laughed when I made five hundred dollars in sales.
Chad went to the park to meet Larry. Chad and Larry practiced soccer at the park. The boys rested after a half hour. It soon began to rain. The boys hurried home.
Fay liked to start new fashions at school. She always came up with a new look each first day of the month. All the girls were copying her and Fay was very proud of that. Until one day, a new girl came to school and set a new fashion. Fay fell in disgrace and had to follow the new fashion for once.
Larry loved to go hiking. He looks for pretty birds. Today he saw a coyote on the trail. He was very still as the coyote passed. He was very glad when the coyote was gone.
Val was no longer a bully. She had apologized the a former victim Ali. Ali was shocked to see Val apologize. She doubted Val's sincerity expecting some sort of trip. Ali decided to keep Val close.
My sister was married when I was eleven. The reception was held in a large house. I fell asleep on the stairs and was put to bed in a guest room. When I woke up, I explored the big house. In the kitchen I found cake which i took and ate for breakfast.
Tom had a broken chair. He kept it around for aesthetic reasons. Last week he had new people over. He forgot to tell them about the broken chair. ONe of them sat on it and fell.
Ann was moving away with her husband. Her best friend was really sad. She decided to have a huge party. The party was a huge success. Ann and her best friend had a great time!
Harland Harbom wanted to learn woodworking. He went down to the community college to register for classes. Along the way he saw a beautiful woman, and invited her for drinks. They talked for hours about life, love, and the universe. Harland never learned to work wood, but that day he did learn to love.
Charles loved his teeth. He thought they were his best feature. He took really good care of them. One day, a softball hit him in the face and broke a tooth. Charles was devastated!
I had a pretty party dress that I wanted to wear to class. I put it on, together with fancy shoes and some fake pearls. Thinking that I looked spectacular, I proudly walked into class. The whole class started to laugh. Apparently, it is unacceptable to wear a party dress to class.
A man named his dog after a racial slur. He took it to the dog park for walks. When the dog got too far away he called its name. The other owners were horrified to hear such a name. The told the man he was not welcome there anymore.
Andy took a new job that consumed most of her time. She made plans to spend time with her boyfriend on his birthday. That day her boss needed her to work overtime. Her boyfriend stayed home watching TV alone. When Andy arrived, her boyfriend went to bed while she held a cupcake.
Tim was concerned about the environment. He read that planting a tree was beneficial for the environment. Tim decided to plant a tree in his backyard. He watered it every day. Tim was happy to be helping the environment.
Gina's sister spilled soda on the sidewalk. She hadn't cleaned it up. Ants were all over the sticky mess. Gina was in the house, unaware. There would be trouble when her parents got home.
John asked Dave for some of his french fries. Dave reached his carton across the table. The dog jumped onto the table and knocked over the carton! John and Dave looked at the fries all over the ground. John picked one up and thanked Dave for the fry.
Ron wanted to learn how to sing. But he didn't want anyone to know. So Ron practiced in private. One day, Ron's sister saw him singing. And she complimented his voice.
I bought a new phone today. At night, I dropped it in my bowl of cereal. After I cleaned it, I put it in my back pocket. I sat down outside my house and forgot it was in my pocket. I heard a crack but when I checked the phone it still worked perfect.
Dylan's car sounded awful. The mechanic said he needed a new engine. He saved up some money and had it replaced. The car soon ran great. Dylan was relieved when he pulled out of the shop.
Robert was planning on having a nice dinner with his girlfriend Kate. When Kate arrived, Robert was nearly done cooking the meal. Robert made pasta and chicken for Kate. When Kate tried it, she thought it was not the best food. However she lied to Robert and told him she loved it.
Jake sold the Johnson's car insurance. The Johnson's went a week without having any accidents. They had an accident the next day. The insurance company did not pay for the damages. The Johnson's switched from Jake to a new agent.
Marco was very lazy. His father owned a successful restaurant. He wanted Marco to run it after he retired. Marco did not want to and argued with his father. Marco eloped with his girlfriend and moved away from home.
Janice has always wanted to have her writing published. She decides to submit an article to her local newspaper. She writes a terrific article on the town budget. Her article is published two weeks later. Janice is very proud when her article is published.
Jon loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents. This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons. On his first trip out on the water, his instructor spotted a shark. Quickly, they ran out of the water, but not before the shark attacked. It took a bite out of the surfboard, but noone was hurt.
Ella needed a uniform for her new school. But she couldn't afford to buy one! So she began selling candy bars to fundraise. Soon she had raised over a hundred dollars. Ella bought a fresh new uniform for her new school!
James crept into the living room behind his father. He was the invisible boy! James tip-toed around his unsuspecting father and into the kitchen. In the kitchen, his mother couldn't even see him as he took a cookie. As James escaped with the cookie, his mother smiled to herself.
Helen's mother never let her watch scary movies. Helen always wanted to know why her mother had forbid them. While at a friend's one day, Helen decided to watch one before bed. She got ten minutes into the film, before she had to shut it off. She was so scared they had to call her parents to come pick her up!
Addison went to the Keys. He ate a lot of food there. He ordered some dessert. He ate key lime pie. He craved it ever since.
Alister needed a date for the school dance. He decided he was going to ask Susie. He was nervous she would say no. Thankfully she said yes when he asked her. They went to the dance and had a good time.
Jeff tried to cross the street in order to get to his class. Several papers fell out of his bookbag. They landed into a puddle. He searched the puddle for the papers. Unfortunately, his homework got soaked.
Annika wanted to build a fort in her playroom. She found her mom and asked for some help. Annika's mom gathered some blankets and sheets. Then her mom arranged some furniture and draped the sheets on it. Annika loved playing in her little fort!
Carl brought an entire package of Oreos to school. And he and his friends shared them during lunch. They enjoyed finishing the whole package. And after school, they decided to buy even more. But soon enough, they became too sick to go to school.
It was time for Ingrid to go to school. She had one shoe on. She couldn't find the other one. She finally found it under the couch. Dressed at last, Ingrid walked to school.
The traveler approached a woman out in the field. He asked how long it would take to reach the temple. The woman said nothing, so the man began to walk away. The woman told him three days, based on his current pace. She couldn't answer unless she how fast he was walking.
Everyone took turns hitting the Pinata. Nancy tried hitting it but missed a couple of times. Blake knocked off the tail however, no candy fell out. Tina got mad and grabbed it. She ripped it in half and poured the candy on the ground.
Haley has been working at the same company for a dozen years. She really enjoys her job and likes her co-workers. Haley's company decides to promote someone to a management position. Haley applies for the management job and gets an interview. Haley is promoted to a management position at her company.
Lloyd was on a cruise to Mexico with his parents. He was extremely bored and did not have anything to do. He ended up eating a lot of food because it was free. Lloyd did not exercise much during the cruise. When he got back home, he had gained a lot of weight.
Owen took a stroll through the city at night. His head was full of thoughts and musings. He wondered if he was happy at his current job. He also wondered if his family appreciated his hard work. Owen sighed, and decided it was time to head back home.
Adam lined up to attempt a field goal on the last play of the game. If he makes the attempt, his team will win the game. The ball is snapped and Adam kicks it towards the uprights. The ball sails through the goal posts and Adam's team wins the game. His teammates carry Adam off the field as the hero.
Howard has been gearing up for the annual debate. Each student must sound off on their topic of expertise. Howard topic is solar energy. The day of the debate he lost his cue cards. Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate.
Tom remembered a movie he loved when he was younger. He couldn't think of the name. Nobody he asked knew anything about it. He spent hours online trying to figure it out. Finally he was able to do so.
Tim could barely see. He had trouble in school. His teacher said he needed glasses. His mother bought him glasses. After that he never had vision trouble again.
My Korean friend took me to the Asian side of town. We came across a food truck. The cook tried to speak to me in a different language. I didn't understand however, my friend did. She ended up translating for me.
Gina and Lisa were at the park. They brought Lisa's sister and brother to play. They were only 4 and 5. There were some older kids who looked like bad news. They left kids in their stroller and waited for the bad kids to leave.
Kacey's mother told her to make her bed when she woke. She woke the next morning. The threw the blanket on top of the bed and went to breakfast. Her mom walked to her room and found the unmade bed. She made Kacey remake her bed the correct way.
Gina drove past the dry ski slope near her home. It hadn't snowed much so she could see the grass. Ahead she could see the lights on the slope were on. Gina was confused by the hazy fog hanging in the air. Just then she saw a large machine spraying fake snow on the slope.
Sara needed help with her tennis serve. She hired a tennis pro to help her. The pro helped improve her serve. Sara's serve got much better. She was able to win matches with just her serve.
Tanner was moving into a new home. He needed to get his couch through the door. It became obvious that it wouldn't fit right. With the help of his friends, he was able to flip it. Then, they were able to squeeze it through the door.
Heidi worked at a clothing store in the mall. She was usually very sour at work, especially when helping customers. One day, Heidi had to help a young woman with a purchase. The woman was very nice despite how Heidi was treating her. Heidi was surprised, and realized that she needed to be nicer at work.
Alex received her school supply list. She took the list to the office supply store. She found everything on her list. She paid for her purchases. Alex packed all her items into the new backpack to take them home.
Kylie had rear-ended someone at a red light. But he'd agreed to accept $50 and not notify his insurance company. However, a week later, Kylie got a notice in the mail. The man had called about the accident after all! Kylie was scared - and enraged by the lie!
Sophie knew the weather was supposed to get bad. She was not prepared for a lot of rainy. As she was driving home, she got caught in a flood. Sophie tried to drive through. Sophie's car got stuck on the bridge.
Tabby was in class when an announcement was made. The school was on lock-down because of a possible shooter. Tabby was very afraid and held hands with her friends. Hours later, the lock down finally ended. It turned out that there was never a shooter after all.
Jordan was a student at the art school. He was focused on filmmaking. He had made a short film about birds. He showed it to his class and they were all impressed. Jordan felt more confident about his future in filmmaking.
Ellen moved to a new city. She didn't know where anything was. It was hard. Living in her hometown was easier. Ellen moved back home.
Bob was a tired builder and wanted to retire. Bob didn't have the money to retire. So he entered the lottery in hope of winning big. Bob stayed up late to hear the winning numbers. Bob won the big lottery and was able to retired!
Lou and his family lived in the American South, and proudly! They had always flown a Confederate flag on their porch. When the town voted to ban Confederate flags, they voted too. It turned out that much of the town agreed with them. The vote did not pass, and the flag remained legal.
Margaret woke up suddenly in the middle of the night. Her room was dark aside from a light beam shining through her window. It was a full moon and a clear night. Margaret couldn't go back to sleep. The moon was too beautiful to ignore.
Harold was hot and tired. He decided a swim would perk him up. He dove into the pool and felt relief. He swam all evening. He was cool and relaxed after that!
Daren works at a retail job. He finds a beautiful girl. He started flirting with her. He ended up getting caught by his manager. His manager fired him.
Last year Joe was an inch too short to ride the big roller coaster. He waited in line to be measured this year. He had grown over two inches! He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster. He rode it three times that day.
Walking through the alleyways in Venice, Maryann spotted something. It was a passion flower. They're her favorite type of flower. She hasn't seen one in so long. She plucked the flower with the intention of pressing it later.
Eric was interested in his family's history of designing cars. He decided to give it a shot himself. His designs were crude. However, with lots of time he was able to rework them. Now he is mass producing them and they are selling well.
The fair was in town last weekend. I went with all my friends to the fair. We strolled around the midway and ate corndogs. All my friends rode the rides, but I was afraid too. I might ride the rides next year.
My mom and I went to buy bread once. When we got to the store, we saw many different types of bread. We tried a few samples. My favorite was the cranberry walnut bread. I liked it so much, my mom bought it for me.
Jenny was a princess in a European country. She was the first born child but she had a younger brother. She wanted to push for a law that would abolish the male preference. She passed a law through parliament despite her brother's complaints. She felt accomplished but quickly fell ill and died shortly after.
Tom was out on summer vacation. He decided to get a job. He tried applying everywhere he could. Unfortunately nobody wanted to hire him. They thought he was young and would ditch the job right away.
My school hosted a track meet. Some flags had to go in a bag. I wadded them up. My coach made me unfold them. I had to fold them properly.
Kitty was right by her own house when she was attacked. People nearby saw her getting assaulted. They didn't want to do anything because they thought other people would They allowed her to die. Nobody called the cops.
I went to a corn maze in middle school. It was easy to find the way out. At the end there was a tunnel. I was outside the tunnel moving the plastic. One lady did not like that.
Tom runs for president of his classroom. He promises the class impossible things. When it is election time, he becomes president. The class discovers that he could not provide what he promised. Tom loses most of his friends.
Billy always wore unusual clothes. He wore pink pants with a leather vest. Everyone made fun of him. One day the mayor saw him and complimented him. No one ever made fun of him again.
Jane was speeding to her daughter Ali's school. She had to get back to work as quickly as possible. There as a project that had to be completed. Jane knew the project was a big deal for the company. She drove afraid that should she miss the deadline she would be fired.
It got dark and Tony knew it was nearly time for bed. He went into his room and shivered slightly at the dark shadows. He put on his pajamas and dove into bed huddling under the covers. A click brought him out from under the covers. The nightlight was on and soft light chased away the shadows.
Tom was at the mall with his wife. He got separated for a bit. When he found her he went up and squeezed her butt. Unfortunately it wasn't Tom's wife. Tom got slapped and apologized profusely.
Will entered into an art competition. He went home and worked hard on a painting. After finishing the painting, Will spilled a drink on it. He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain. When he entered the painting, he did very well and won second place.
Joanie was playing outside in her backyard. She found a tired bumblebee on the ground. Joanie put some drops of sugar water next to the bee. The bee drank the water until it was all gone. After a few minutes, the bee felt better and flew away!
Ellie loved chemistry, and admired one chemist in particular. He was a genius in his field, and she kept up with all his work. When he finally held a seminar in her area, she was thrilled. But he came across as arrogant and sanctimonious in his speech. She should have listened to that old saying about meeting your heroes.
Ken hates his old job and wants to quit. Ken tells his boss he quits. While looking for a job in the newspaper he gets a call. His friend tells him he has a great job open for him. Ken smiles as he now has a new job.
Bill drives a bus for a living. Everyday he goes a mile out of his way to pick up Ruth from her home. Bill knows she can't drive so he doesn't mind going the extra mile. Bill's shocked when Ruth passes away and leaves him 2 million dollars. Bill realizes that a little kindness can go a long way.
Heather loved doing yoga. She bought a yoga ball to practice it at home. She did yoga every day. Soon, her muscles were long and lean. Heather loved her new workout.
Paul never got good grades while was in school. After he graduated he went on to college. Paul knew he would have to study hard to succeed. He eventually graduated from college. His persistence and hard work paid off in the end.
Lilly and Al's dad warned them to look out for sharks in the water. They laughed at him, saying there weren't any sharks. When they weren't paying attention, he swam underwater towards them. He had a fake shark fin attached to his back. They were so scared they ran screaming out of the water.
Hank had a feeling his kids were snooping for Christmas gifts. He'd caught them casually peeking in his closet and garage. Hank's wife suggest they stash the gifts in the spooky basement. Her reasoning was they'd never go down there. Till the morning he heard screams and pounding on the basement door.
Whitney graduated college. She got a job in Nashville. She had to pack up and move from one state to another. She had never lived away from home. The move was the best decision she ever made.
The train traveled through the Pole City Station without stopping. The people on the train seemed concerned. One man stood up and asked if there was a problem. The train car attendant told him to sit down. The man defied the attendant and remained standing.
Katie was upset at her husband Lou for not being attentive enough. He was always working too late at night. Katie was getting irritated and confronted You about it. In Lou's defense he stated he was too busy working. Katie said it wasn't good enough and contemplating leaving.
Olivia was with her infant at a check-up. The doctor checked his weight and declared it dangerously low. Olivia was so worried. The doctor recommended she start giving the baby formula. She agreed and within a few weeks he was healthier.
Rob got very drunk after a day of work. He partied with a woman from work named Sharron. Later that week, Sharron claimed that Rob had assaulted her. Rob denied, but he lost his job. Rob slashed Sharron's tires and felt better.
Anna showed up to babysit the kids. She brought books and crafts. She thought they would all have a fun time. The kids threw things and tied her to a chair. She never babysat those kids again!
Tim was bad with money. He didn't realize he had so little in the bank. He went over his account several times. The overdraft fees amounted to hundreds. He was never able to pay it back.
Jane was driving on the highway. She had a blowout. Jane lost control of the car. It almost flipped over. Jane was freaked out and didn't drive again for months.
Mother told Tommy not to play with matches. Tommy told Mother he would not do it again. When Mother left the room, Tommy played with matches again. Tommy heard Mother coming and threw the matches in the trash bin. The matches lit the paper in the trash bin and the house burned down.
Jimmy loves pizza. Since moving to Sweden, he has not been able to find pizza. He decided to buy the ingredients from the store. After putting it all together, the pizza is made. He is very satisfied with his pizza.
Tom's computer started slowing down. He tried a few software fixed but nothing worked. Tom decided to buy more ram. He got what he needed online at a cheap price. He replaced it himself easily.
As a chubby kid I always wore sweatpants. One day my grandma took me to the mall to buy some replacements. The string had come out of the waist of the pair I was wearing. As I ran toward the store my pants fell down. I was mortified when everyone started laughing.
Lori had a big date on Friday. She had the perfect outfit picked out. When she couldn't find her top her sister walked in. Turns out the sister was wearing it. They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process.
Jen searched for her drinking cup in the house. It was tough for her to find it since most of the cups looked the same. She picked up one of them and started to drink from it. Unfortunately, she started to choke since there were nails in the cup. I had to help her cough it out by performing the Heimlich maneuver.
Jim had a problem. He could not tell time. This made him frustrated. One day Tina told him all about time. Jim never had trouble telling time again.
Gina was late to class on the first day of 9th grade. She walked in as the faces of strangers stared at her. She put on a brave face, and picked up the pace. She found an empty desk and sat down. Thankfully it was in the rear of the class where no one could stare.
Nick had been nominated to fight in the ring. However, he had none of the fighting spirit his dad had. So he took a beating from the champion. The champion taunted his weakness. And so he got mad and beat the champion.
Roger wanted to go get breakfast. He wasn't sure what to get so he asked me to come with. I gave him a few suggestions and we decided on a cafe. He didn't even get breakfast! He got a sandwich and was very satisfied with it.
Every morning Kelly would make herself a breakfast burrito. This morning however, Kelly couldn't make it. She was out of the ingredients. Kelly was so mad. She had to go to the store to get some.
Kia was running late from work one afternoon. She knew her family would be hungry for dinner. But she was too fatigued to cook. She stopped on the way home and grabbed a pizza instead. Kia's family was thrilled with the impromptu meal!
Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk. He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill. When he turned around, his two cats were lapping it up. He gave them a minute. They seemed grumpy when he wiped up the spill.
In 2008 we went to a Pawtucket Red Sox game. It was our first time there. We saw Bartolo Colon pitch on a rehab. He did not do well and the Pawsox lost. I am amazed Colon is pitching for the Mets.
Sam hurt his knee last football game. He went to the doctor and got his knee examined. The doctor told him he could not play for three weeks. He told his coach the doctor said he was fine and he could play. Next game he fell on his knee and made the injury worse.
Tom didn't like drinking beer. He tried to get a taste for it. A friend offered him a new beer to try. Tom reluctantly gave it a try. He was surprised by how much he liked it.
Lauren is out to dinner with her boyfriend. They decided to try a new mexican restaurant. The two enjoyed dinner and went home. Later that night Lauren starts to feel very hot. Turns out she ate some undercooked Beef and now Sick.
John sold an item online. John needed to ship it. John went to the post office. The post office was closed. John was pissed and had to cancel the transaction.
Anna took her golden retriever to the beach. She noticed he seemed eager to get in the water, so she let him. She did not think he could swim. But to her shock, he paddled and swam excellently! Anna finally knew where the term Dog Paddle came from!
Sophia was going on her first train ride. She was nervous but excited. As the train pulled away she watched the tracks. They moved so quickly, it was like a blur! Sophia thought the ride was exhilarating!
Stan was home one night. All the power went out. He called the power company. They hadn't received Stan's payment. He paid again over the phone and cancelled the check.
Greg wanted to write a story. But he was very indecisive about what to write. So he listed whatever came into his head. And then he organized the list. Greg was surprised at how easy it was to write afterwards.
Bea found out she was pregnant. The same day her best friend found out she was also pregnant. They were so excited to tackle this together. Months Later, Bea ended up having a boy. Her friend had a girl and they knew it was meant to be.
Pat had a problem. He asked a question in a forum. He got fifteen answers. Three of the answers helped. Pat was able to solve his problem.
Leslie had dinner with one of her coworkers. The two ate at a restaurant close to the job. The coworker had a crush on Leslie and paid for the meal. Afterwards, the two went to a movie and had drinks. Leslie felt good because the outing had turned into an actual date.
Lindsey had an hour break from lunch and wanted to see the park. She walked down to the ponds and saw a bunch of waterfowl swimming. Lindsay remembered that she had some bread and went back to her car. Returning to the pond Lindsay began feeding the birds with the bread. She enjoyed herself so much she decided to make it a weekly trip.
My mother asked me to chop a tree down for firewood. When I looked in spring, it was full of pretty flowers. When I looked in summer, it had juicy fruit. When I looked in fall, it had little baby birds in nests. Finally, in winter, I chopped it down and used it for firewood.
Nolan is the most successful man I know. He has everything anyone can want. And as nothing is missing from his life, he dreams for nothing. All he has to do is live his live to the fullest without any pain. Nolan's life is so perfect, I don't envy him at all.
Gina bought a slushie from the gas station. She stepped out of the store into the heat and took a sip. She felt the icy cold drink slide down her throat. It gave her a chill in spite of the heat. Gina drank the slushie slowly to make it last as long as she could.
Arnold's car had broken down. He brought it to the mechanic. The mechanic said he needed a new engine. Arnold decided it wasn't worth repairing. He began looking for a used vehicle.
Jane wanted to install a washer in her basement. She despised going to the laundromat. But the sink in the basement wouldn't drain. The drains in the basement had to be replaced. Jane was very sad she had to continue going to the laundromat.
Danni was obsessed with her own looks. She would spend hours each day doing her makeup. When she went on a night out, her makeup was even thicker. One Saturday, it was so thick that a guy called her a clown. Ironically, she tried to solve this issue by using more makeup.
Last summer Anna went to a music festival. She was excited to go because her favorite band was playing. The day of the festival, she waited in line to see the band. They came up and put on an awesome show. Anna was glad that she got to see them.
Tom loved comic books. He collected several of them. One night there was a big storm. Tom left his window open. Most of his comic books got wet and destroyed.
Rose placed her shopping cart in front of the snack aisle. She left it for a brief moment, in order to look at the snacks. When she turned around, she found someone taking it. The person stealing the cart was rude to Rose. In order to avoid conflict, she allowed him to take it.
JoAnn loved playing in big piles of leaves. She made a huge pile outside to jump into later. She was very excited. Unfortunately a snake that had slithered into her pile struck her. Because of that incident she will always be suspicious of leaf piles.
Rita got a note from her kindergartener's teacher. It asked her to please send in a bow for the Thanksgiving pageant. Rita packed a satin bow in her daughter's backpack that morning. Later that day, when Rita came for the pageant, her daughter was mad! Rita was supposed to have provided a toy hunting bow for a prop!
All of my clothes were dirty. I sorted my laundry by colors. I washed several loads of laundry for hours. I took the freshly cleaned clothes and folded them. I brought the clothes to my dresser.
Melly Looked in her cupboards and decided she needed some food. Then she wrote down her shopping list. After lunch Melly drove to the store. Melly placed each item from her list in her basket. After she paid, Melly took her items home.
My mom and I love the show breaking bad. We decided to visit Albuquerque to see some of the sites from the show Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked. When we got out of the car the cops came. The cops told us a man was on the loose and we should be careful.
Tom was driving in the rain. He noticed a large puddle up ahead. He figured he could drive over it. It turned out to be much deeper. Tom's car was half swallowed up.
Gina never knew that you could order food online. She went on the website of her favorite restaurant. She ordered a bunch of food. Gina payed for her order and went to the restaurant. Gina told the manager that she will order online again.
Cindy saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap. It seemed almost too good to be true. She order the dress anyways because she liked it so much. Six months later a package arrived. Inside was merely a picture of the dress.
Lester notices that he has gained a lot of weight over the Year's. He decides to begin exercising to lose weight. Lester starts by jumping rope each day before school. He trips a lot at first but he gradually improves. Lester is happy he is finally doing something about his weight.
Kristoff had a mathematical mind. He didn't see the world in shapes and colors like the rest of us. He saw the world in terms of equations and theorems. It was for this tragic reason that Kristoff was ran over by a bus. He didn't see it's approach, he thought that it was a Ramanujan prime.
Tom was out on a windy day using a kite. He was having fun until it got stormier. The wind was fun but lightning was happening too. Tom felt one hit too close. He decided to go home to be safe.
Tony was moving to New York City. He found a cheap apartment. When he moved his stuff in, he realized how tiny it was. Tony wasn't sure he would be able to fit everything! He got rid of lots of things to make it all fit.
This week was a bad week for the Dow. The market dropped over 1000 points. It was a very scary moment. I lost a lot of money. It was a painful experience.
Kim was visiting New York City. She wanted to stay in a nice hotel. She was disappointed her friend booked rooms at Extended Stay America. When they arrived she realized the hotel was near Central Park. Kim loved the Central Park view from her room.
The woman took a pregnancy test. It was positive. She told all of her friends. She went to the doctor. The doctor said she was not pregnant.
Dottie waved her net through the air. She was catching butterflies in the summer sun. There was an especially fat one with yellow and black stripes. With a swish of her net, Dottie snared the butterfly. Further examination revealed the butterfly was actually a bumblebee.
John wanted to have a sleepover. He invited five of his friends and waited patiently. Once everyone arrived, they ordered pizza and ate it. Afterwards, they played with their video games and action figures. John and his friends didn't go to sleep until almost twelve.
Kim gathered all her pots and pans from the kitchen. She arranged them upside down in a circle around her. She hit them with a wooden spoon to hear the tone. Kim moved the pots and pans in tone order. She played her favorite songs on the pots and pans.
Lily and her best friend loved going to tanning booths. Lily always thought it was very relaxing. One day however, she noticed some weird marks on her skin. She went to the dermatologist and found out it was cancer. Lily then vowed to never go to the tanning booth again.
Kia had lost her keys. She looked everywhere for them. She was so frustrated and puzzled! Then they finally turned up - after hours of looking. Kia had somehow put them in the fridge!
David watched someone do tricks on a skateboard. And he thought they would be easy to learn. He bought a skateboard and tried them. But after weeks of practice, he struggled to do an ollie. David learned that things he imagined weren't always true.
Jill was eating lunch at school. A girl looked at her ugly. Jill threw her pizza at her. The other girl threw food back. Eventually everyone got involved.
The creak of a floorboard broke the silence. Ursula looked up with irritation. She'd been knitting a scarf to sell on ebay. Her husband asked her when she was coming to bed. Ursula said something not repeatable here, and went back to knitting.
Travis was upset. He got into his car and sped off. The gravel spun under the car's tires. The car slid into the ditch. The cops showed up and gave Travis a ticket for reckless driving.
Alex's phone got dropped in the toilet and died. So now it was time for her to get a new phone. She went to the store and checked out different models of phones. It was really hard for her to choose. Finally, she settled on the new iPhone and purchased it.
Harry is a kid who grew up with no parents. Harry always wanted to live in a real home. He wandered day and night what it would be like to have a family. One day he gets a call from social services. He is told he is being adopted and he leaves to be with his family.
Today the iPhone was coming out. I was very excited for this release. I waited in line for three hours. When I got to the front, I opened the box. I was amazed at what I saw.
Frank was walking to work one day. It began to rain. Frank hadn't brought his umbrella with him. Frank got to work soaking wet. Frank started to always bring an umbrella to work.
Someone called Diana in the middle of the night. She declined the call since an unknown number called. A few minutes later, there was an aggressive knock on the door. She went outside to open it. No one stood in front of the door, but the phone rang again.
The man looked out at the ocean. He spotted something on the horizon. He asked his friends for the binoculars. His friend asked why he needed them. His friend agreed to lend them.
Kevin was posting hits on mturk. People finished the hits quicker than expected. He gave them all rejections. Many turkers wrote him demanding compensation. He overturned the rejections because they nagged so much.
It had been a busy day at the bakery. There was only 3 muffins left in the display case. Mark, the baker, was desperate to sell the last three. A customer came in and he tried to sell them to her. She was reluctant but eventually gave in to his pitch.
Harold couldn't see very well. Every time he went to the bakery, he bought the wrong bread. He was very annoyed but continued nevertheless. Until one day, he dared ask the baker for the bread he actually wanted. Very proud of himself, he went back home and ate his toasts with glee.
Two friends went on a hike in the woods. They decided to take an unmarked trail. After a while on the unmarked trail they were lost. One friend suggested they followed the nearby river back. The river led them right back to their car.
Sade caught the bus for the first time. She paid her fare and sat near the front. After a while, Frida noticed she was not near her destination. Frida accidentally got on the wrong bus. Frida had to get on a different bus to get to her destination.
Toby liked to fish all the time. One day he went to the dock to fish. He pulled back the reel and flung it forward. But it got caught on something behind him. The hook pulled the hat off of his dad's head and into the water.
Nina was a student at a nice university. She was doing well but had one bad secret. She and her professor were having a relationship. Her headmaster found out one day and was so angry. Nina was expelled from school which left her shocked.
When I was a teenager I had two cats that hated each other. One jumped toward the window attacking the cat in the window. They shredded my mom's curtains, and I was  scared to tell her. I tried to find replacement curtains that were exactly the same. I was upset and told her what happened and she didn't seem to care.
Jason worked very hard for his family. His wife didn't think he did enough. She told him that he needed to leave. Jason got very sad and depressed. Jason eventually left his family.
We had gone on vacation to Orlando. My wife one day moved her bathing suit. Next thing she knew a gecco flew out at her. She was so scared that she screamed. We trapped it and put it outside, but she was shaking.
Sally decided to invest in Apple. She put a pretty considerable amount of money into that stock. Day after day, she would watch stock prices rise and fall. After a few years, she did not notice anything change. She recently pulled her stock out.
Tom wanted to learn how to be a bartender. He enrolled in a class at a community college. He showed up to the four hours class not knowing what to expect. He ends up having a great time and learned how to make lots of drinks. He now makes different drinks for his friends when he has them over.
Max had just bought some gardening supplies. He had rocks to make a path through the grass. He was carrying everything from his car to his garage. Suddenly, he dropped a rock. It shattered completely and he had to replace it.
Lorie missed her younger sister Hannah. Hannah lived far away and they hadn't seen each other in a few Year's. Lorie wanted to reconnect with her sister. She decided to get her a charm bracelet symbolizing their love. Hannah loved the bracelet and wears it every day.
Riki went to her boyfriend's house for Thanksgiving. His dad had made a huge turkey with a bunch of side dishes. Riki ate a lot more than she'd intended to. She let out a loud burp right there at the table! Instead of being offended, everyone laughed at it.
Lilly had a nightmare that her Dad came home with a hole in his chest. She couldn't go back to sleep because it scared her so bad. The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed. She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was. Finally she told him and he just hugged her and told her he loved her.
Tom was out at a party by a river. They decided to have a campfire. It got bigger than expected. Tom struggled to put it out. They decided to not try another one.
Timmy was having a sale on his car. His first offer was $4000 dollars and someone accepted. I decided to make a counter by offering $5000. Jane decided to offer $7000 since she desired the car as well. I gave up and walked away.
Tim was at a river. There were some tall rocks on the side. Tim decided to jump off of them. It was refreshing and fun. Soon others jumped in as well.
Thomas was planning on cooking some chicken for dinner. He had some frozen chicken thawing all day. When he went to begin cooking he was shocked by a foul odor. Somehow his fresh chicken had spoiled. Thomas vowed to never freeze meat again.
Paul walked deep into the woods on a hike. In the middle of a clearing he found a deep and dark hole. To see how deep it was he threw a rock down the hole. He listened for a long time but heard nothing. Eventually he heard a thud and then a person screaming in pain.
Merrill was a very emotional person. She loved and cared for everything, and liked to see people happy. When someone threw criticism at her, she would burst into tears. She once met someone who was the opposite of her. It made her cry until he held her hand and smiled at her.
Earl was at work one day, when he got a bloody nose. He quickly ran to the back of the store and grabbed a towel. After cleaning up, he made sure his nose wasn't bleeding anymore. He looked outside, and saw a line of people waiting for him. Earl quickly ran back and got back to work.
Tim tried to compose himself. It was the first time he'd ever won anything, ever! He called the number the Nigerian prince had emailed him. A reassuringly civilized voice answered on the other end. Tim grinned happily, certain it was the start of something wonderful.
Janice wanted a pet. She went to the local animal shelter. She saw many cute dogs. She found a dog that she really liked. She took the dog home and loved the dog.
I'm driving down the street when a truck swerves in front of me. I brake very hard to avoid a collision. But the truck is very slow and we collide. I come out of my car to see how the other driver is doing. He laughs at me and I call the cops.
My brother had a pack of cigarettes. We tried to get him to quit. He smoked one on the porch. He began to cough a lot. He threw his pack of cigarettes away.
Fred told everyone he was a DJ. The truth was Fred did not have a job. One day his friend Tim got sick of it and dared him to do some DJing. Fred agreed with confidence. But as soon as he tried everyone learned he knew nothing about DJing.
Jessica wanted to eat cake. She found a box of cake mix to bake. She baked the cake and let it cool. Then Jessica decided to add chocolate icing. Jessica enjoyed eating her cake.
JoAnn wanted an in-ground pool. She talked with the contractor about the dig and left for work. When she got home, the pool had been dug. It had not been dug deep enough, so she called the contractor. The pool had to be re-dug correctly.
Sara went on a hike with her family. They started at the bottom of a tree-covered hill. They walked up and through the hill, past lots of trees. After awhile, they made it to a canyon, where they sat for awhile. When they were done, they hiked back to their car.
Tom has a lot of unusual friends in high school. One day they all wore dress to school. The guidance counselor got very angry. He called all the parents. The students went home early that day.
Lou really wanted a pet for Christmas. He begged and begged his parents to get him one. On Christmas day, he was disappointed to see no pet in sight. He sadly opened his first, wiggling gift box. A puppy popped out and started licking his face!
Abby loved shopping online. However, Abby did not like to pay the shipping cost sometimes. Abby decided she would search online for free shipping coupon codes. Abby was surprised when she found a website that offered such coupons. Abby was elated to know she could now get free shipping.
The teacher introduced herself to the class today. They were happily until the teacher started to act serious. She told everyone to get up. They sat down on their assigned seats. She also assigned tons of work.
Kim bought Garbage Pail Kids cards against her mother's wishes. She hid them in her jacket so she could sneak them to school. It was the weekend so she had to wait. She had a hard time not looking at the cards. Finally,  Monday on the bus she was able to show off her new cards.
The other day I took a train ride into the city. When I showed up at the train station it was very busy. It took a long time to find my seat on the train. When I got on the train it took forever to get moving. Once the train got moving the trip wasn't so bad.
Andrea and Sara had just left a candy store. They were eating chocolate lollipops. Suddenly, Sara tripped and dropped her candy. It had fallen into the dirt. Sara was so sad, so she went and bought a new one.
I fell for the cabbage patch kid craze at an early age. I had several of the dolls, but I decided one day I was going to grow. I planted cabbage seeds in my grandma's garden. Every time I visited, I lifted the leaves looking for a new doll. I finally gave up when the cabbage started to rot away.
Mark Salzman was a fishing boat captain. He spent most of the season chasing cod. One day he received word that cod prices had dipped. So he spent a fortune re-rigging his ship for crabs. Only to find out that those prices had tanked too.
Kevin was a shy boy. His first day of high-school was really hard. He knew almost nobody and was afraid to make friends. Girls thought his shyness was cute and approached him. Eventually he came out of his shell and got sophomore pregnant.
Britney had to get ready for school. She got out of bed and changed into her school clothes. Then she went to the kitchen to eat breakfast. After breakfast she brushed her teeth. When she was done the buss was waiting outside.
During the Holiday Season my neighbor, Mary, feels lonely. Her husband died a few years ago and her son moved away last summer. This year I invited Mary to come to my house for Thanksgiving. I was so happy that she said she would come. We all had a wonderful time enjoying the Holiday together!
Dan played cars with his brother Rob. They had a new Hot Wheels track set. There were 10 cars they could choose from. The boys both wanted the same car. Their mother threw the car away to stop the fighting.
In 1975 my girlfriend and I saw the Story of O. She was excited and bought the book. She suggested we act out the scenes. She then bought the sequel and wanted to act that out. I found this too much, and broke up with her.
Keith was out drinking with "friends" in his house. He got too drunk. He ended up passing out in his house. His so called friends stole from his house. He lost $1000 worth of material.
Johnny was a man who sweat more than other people. Johnny wanted to wear shorts to work instead of jeans. Johnny asked his manager if he could wear shorts. Johnny's manager approved his request. Johnny began sweating less at work because he wore shorts.
Lou was visiting his grandma. She was teaching him to make homemade apple pie. At first You thought it was complicated. He feared he would never get the hang of it. But soon Lou's pies were just as delicious as his grandma's!
John was ordering pizza for everyone. He asked them all what they wanted. Everyone said they didn't care. John got toppings he knew they wouldn't like out of spite. Everyone was upset at John.
The kids began to play hide-and-go-seek in the backyard. One child remained hidden for the entire game and no one found her. They called her for hours but to no avail. One child began to panic and cry. They never found her but one was was every sure she even played.
I heard a big event happened in europe. I went home and turned on the television. I found the news channel and turned the tv volume up. I heard that there was a terrorist attack in an apartment building. I changed the channel to something more hopeful.
Ted found a wallet on the sidewalk. He looked at the ID in it. Ted then decided to drop it off at the bank. The card matched the ID. Ted dropped it off and felt good about himself.
The lady started her automatic espresso machine. It sounded different than normal. She made a latte. The milk tasted burnt. She called customer service for help.
Tim's friends were all betting on the upcoming football game. Tim decided to bet, too. He wagered $20 on his favorite team. But they lost, and Tim had to pay $20! He resolved not to bet any more!
Juliet had never skipped class before. She didn't have anyone to hang out with but decided to go alone. She walked to the grocery store across town, enjoying the quiet. There she ate donuts and read magazines. Finally when it was time she returned to school.
Alicia needed a new pair of boots. She had been needing some for a long time. Finally she picked up a pair at the store. They fit perfectly. She couldn't believe how great they were.
Tyler visits his grandpa on Saturday. He meets grandpa at the nursing home. They drive to the park. Grandpa tells stories while they feed ducks. Tyler treats grandpa to ice cream before driving home.
Hal was taken back when he entered the apartment. Every wall was adorned with Nazi memorabilia. Hal wondered what type of evil person had lived here. He was told it was just a rock musician who liked the look of it. Hal shrugged and threw all the Nazi collectibles right into the trash.
Jake was buying beer for friends. They asked him for ID. Jake realized he forgot it at home. They refused to sell him the beer. Jake understood but was upset.
Lea told her mom and dad she wanted to become a dancer. She would dance all throughout the house and around her room. Lea's mother signed her up for dance lessons. She practiced day and night and her love for it never ended. Lea became a spectacular dancer that won several contests.
Mary was so excited. She was heading to the county fair. She was gonna meet her friends. She arrived at the fair. Mary had a blast at the county fair.
Molly's friend asked to see the poem she'd written for English. Molly realized in horror she had totally forgotten it was due today. Class was going to start in a few minutes. She quickly jotted something down. She was shocked when she got a B on it.
Neil had just arrived in Amsterdam. He couldn't wait to see the Dutch city! He explored the tea houses and art galleries. He bought lots of souvenirs and postcards. Neil thought the Netherlands were beautiful!
Keith woke up early one morning. He decided to make toast for breakfast. He put his bread in the toaster and waited. But after five minutes, it still hadn't browned at all! Keith realized that he'd forgotten to plug in the toaster.
The kids made some Flubber. It was made out of glue and Borax. They'd bought a dozen bottles of glue for the project. Ten of the bottles leaked all over the car. The kids were in big trouble!
I waited in the waiting room. My name was called out from the waiting area. I smiled as I grabbed my purse and followed the man before me. He took me to the back and told me where to sit. The lady smiled at me as she presented me with the different options.
Rick was driving and stopped at an intersection. And he saw his friend next to him. They decided to race for fun. But Rick lost control and got into a car accident. And his friend felt guilty for the rest of his life.
It was near the holiday time and Kelly was happy. One thing she loved was roasting chestnuts. She got the nuts ready and roasted them. When she took them out they were very good. Kelly and her family liked them a lot.
Matthew was late for class for his fourth time. The teacher warned if he was tardy again there'd be trouble. He went weeks without an incident. He finally made a mistake. Matthew now has a week of detention for his tardiness.
Colt wanted a puppy. His grandma told him he could have one. The day they picked out there puppy it jumped up and bit Colt. Colt now is terrified of dogs but doesn't want to get rid of it. His grandma is now raising a puppy he doesn't even want.
My friend got into a car accident yesterday. She was on her way home from work and hit a deer. The car was totalled, and the deer was demolished. She had to call her husband to pick her up. She is now awaiting the insurance check so that she can get a new car.
Lucy sat on the porch in the warm summer sun. She was bored so she decided to read a book. She was lost in her book when her grandma called her for lunch. She quickly ate her lunch and ran back outside. Lucy sat on the porch reading until it was time for bed.
The first weekend was the hardest by far. He had to make the choice to stay away from beer. He asked her to go buy him some. She refused, which angered him at first. Then he apologized for asking.
Kelly needed to finish a book report. Unfortunately she only had one day to do it. Kelly freaked out. She thought it wouldn't get it done. Thankfully though, she got it done.
Angela was born into mob ties. She had steered clear of trouble thus far. One day, her father went to prison for murder. This scared Angela so much, she had to make a change. She cut all mob ties and moved to Vermont.
Zoey was waking up one morning when she felt something weird. A little bug was squirming around on her arm. Upon closer inspection she found bed bugs all over. She called a company to fumigate her home and fled to a hotel. Luckily the bugs were gone in no time.
Kent made himself a sandwich for lunch. The ham he used was no longer good. Kent hadn't noticed and took a big bite of his food. He immediately spit it out in disgust. Kent lost his appetite after the foul tasting sandwich.
Allie had never been on a private jet before. But her best friend had one so she decided to go on it with her. The two flew to Europe together. It was the experience of a lifetime as Allie had all the amenities. Allie vowed to never fly commercial again.
Jan bought a website name. She learned to build a website. She started a cooking blog website. Soon she had one thousand visitors. She sold some advertising on her webpage.
Toni loves to read about getting rich schemes. She browses the internet for the latest ideas. She tried investing in a few. Through her efforts he made a total of 700 dollars. Toni continues to invest in hopes to get rich quickly.
Kaitlyn was invited to a Christmas party. She decided to bring some sugar cookies. As she carried the cookies into the house, she slipped. The cookies fell everywhere, and were ruined. Kaitlyn was upset but there were a lot of other cookies at the party.
Russ found a 1932 coin when given change at the store. He decided to start collecting older coins because of this. He purchased some coin books to keep them in. He goes through his coins every time he is given change at the store. He has two coin books nearly filled because of his diligence in this.
Sara loved to sing. Sara's dad was injured and hospitalized. She needed to pay the bills but had no money. She started to sing for money. After months of singing, she paid the bills and is singing full time!
My friend Gert is having four teeth pulled tomorrow. They are her last teeth. She was poor and could not afford dental care. She can now afford dentures. I think she will feel better when she gets her dentures.
Sue ran for president of her class. She ran against Frank. Sue worked hard because Frank wins everything. On election day the votes weren't even close. Sue lost the election.
Maria had a tempestuous character. Everyone told her she acted like a diva. As Maria was an actress the comment made perfect sense to her. And she refused to change who she was. It paid off when a director hired her for her tempestuous looks.
Joe likes to go to Minnesota to his grandparent's cabin on the lake. Every summer Joe takes his family there to go fishing. Joe's grandparents decide to sell the family cabin. Joe is very upset he will no longer be able to take his family there. They take one last trip to the cabin to say sadly say goodbye!
Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.
My boyfriend dumped me. I was very upset. I decided to take a drive. The music on the radio made me feel better. Music is good.
Gina was supposed to introduce Tami to the cool kids. But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends. Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess. Gina avoided the cool kids so Tami couldn't talk to them. Gina decided one more day couldn't hurt.
Kelly had fallen asleep on the couch. She had a very sad dream about her mom. When she woke up the sad feeling stayed with her all day. She went to her mom and explained the situation. Luckily her mom's loving care reassured Kelly.
Neil wanted to vacation in Asia. He needed to stretch his dollar. So he decided to fly to Thailand. There, he found great deals on lodging and food. Thailand was a budget traveler's paradise!
Elise noticed something creepy. A bunch of birds were hanging out on the telephone wire. They were staring at her house. She walked away from the window and tried to ignore them. The birds flew down and landed in her front yard.
Calvin bought his dad a present for Father's Day. It was a new fishing pole. He hoped his dad would take him fishing. He wrapped it up and put a bow on it. The kid waited impatiently for his dad to get home from work.
Tom really didn't like his job. He looked online for new work. After several interviews Tom wasn't offered any positions. He kept applying to different places but to no avail. Tom was never able to get a new job.
Charles just adopted a new dog. The dog was abandoned so it didn't have a name. He didn't know what to call the dog. Charles was changing channels and heard the name Rusty. Rusty sounded like a good name, so that is what he named his dog.
Harry wore high top shoes before going to the roller coaster park. He waited with his brother in line to one of the roller coasters. The ticket vendor measured Harry's height. He told Harry that he met the bare minimum height requirement. However, he allowed Harry to enter the roller coaster.
John knew his mother like flowers. On his way home from school he seen a field of flowers. He picked a handful. When he got home he gave to his mom. She smiled and gave him a pat on the head.
The Johnson family rented a sailboat for the weekend. They weren't avid sailors. However, they were really having a good time. They sailed all over the bay. They all agreed it was a marvelous time.
Shane and Emma had ordered some pizza. They were both arguing about who got the last slice. Emma insisted that she had gotten less then him. Shane didn't want to fight, so he just conceded. Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane.
Jon needed clothes for an interview. He went to the nearby mall. He found some clothes he liked. He bought them. He spent 100 on it.
Dan decided to incorporate more fresh vegetables into his diet. He bought some fetching specimens from a local farmer. Dan didn't remember to wash them off when he got home. After eating them his stomach was very upset. Dan got a stomach virus from eating the vegetables.
A new chick fil a opened right on the street. Lucy couldn't wait to go to it. Lucy walked right in and ordered. She got the crispy chicken. When she tasted it it was amazing.
Tina got a flat tire. She pulled over to the side of the road in the rain. Another car stopped and a figure got out. They went to her window and offered help. Tina told them she called for help already and to go away.
Jim is a proud senior citizen with a twisted spine. Every day tasks are a struggle for him, but he won't let anyone help. One day Jim left his house to go shopping and slipped on some ice. His neighbor Bob came rushing to help him get up, but Jim refused. In the end Bob helped him up, and Jim learned to swallow his pride.
Stan put his burrito in the microwave. The microwave didn't work. After a lot of work, he installed a new one. He tested the microwave on a burrito. Stan finally got to eat his delicious burrito.
Sally was so tired. She didn't feel like typing a whole paper. Sally copy and pasted. She turned it in the next day but the teacher found out. Sally was expelled from, the university.
Gina and her friend Tami were chasing a boy around the class. He had taken a pencil from Gina and would not give it back. Tami and Gina decided to split up and cut him off. He had no where to run. Tami tackled the boy and Gina took the pencil from him.
Elizabeth was accepted into study abroad programs in France and Spain. She decided to go to France. She learned French. She returned home to the US. Now Elizabeth is a professional French translator at the UN!
Luke lived in the desert with his aunt and uncle. They were friends with an old man named Ben. One morning, Luke got in an argument with his uncle and ran away. He become lost in the canyons of the surrounding desert. Ben, along with his friends, rescued Luke and brought him safely home.
Tom's grandfather passed away recently. He left Tom his gun collection. It was an old family heirloom. Tom didn't much care for guns. He sold them all for some quick cash.
Mira was making bad decisions. She was secretly dating someone other than her husband. They had been dating for almost a year. She decided to break it off with him. He was furious and swore he would call her husband.
Tina's best friend was studying abroad. She was going to Paris. Tina was happy for her but also sad. She tried reaching out to her. But her friend ignored her totally and Tina thought it was over.
The man got on the plane. He sat down next to the window. Someone said that he was in their seat. The man checked his ticket. The man moved to his correct seat.
Billy had a box of crayons. There were many red crayons and no blue crayons He asked Sally if she would lend him a blue crayon. She said yes. Together they colored their pictures.
Seth was nervous about starting a new school. He feared he would he the only Jewish boy in class. He thought the other students would make fun of him for it. But on his first day, Seth couldn't believe what he found. There were five other Jewish boys in his class!
Megan grabbed her tools from her locker. She was excited about what the day might hold. Her hair was pulled back and her goggles were on. Her boss directed her to where she might excavate. She wondered what secrets the large rock might contain.
Willard seeks health through foods. He knows they're good for him if they have the right label. He religiously buys organic, and nothing else. Willard is baffled, though. His health is as poor as it has always been.
Nancy was eating dinner with her family. She didn't enjoy the dinner much but still ate it. After dinner she went out and bought some chicken instead. Her family found out and wasn't very happy with her. Nancy told them that the dinner wasn't good and they understood.
Amy awoke scared one morning. She heard tornado sirens and was startled. There had been a tornado the month before. The thought of another had her on edge. She checked online and realized it was only the monthly test.
Marie knew she always cried too much. So when her mom told her that her old dog had died, she stiffened. Her mom didn't understand her reaction, but Marie refused to cry. She stayed with her mom, stoic for an hour. Only when she left, did Marie let her tears fall down her cheeks.
Harper was tired of the same old music. She decided to search out some new bands. First, she checked out Youtube, but that didn't go well. Then, she discovered a cool music website. She ended up finding so many new bands that she loved.
Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook. It turns out that he is a chef. On their next date he insists that she cook for him. Instead of telling him the truth she gets her friend to cook for her. When he finds out that she's a liar he doesn't want to see her again.
Aria had practiced for her senior dance recital for weeks on end. She spent her days perfecting each move. When her time came to dance on stage, she went all out. The crowd was moved by how effortlessly she danced. Aria would miss her old dance studio when she left for college.
Calvin hated shopping with his girlfriend. She asked him to take her to the mall after work. Calvin reluctantly agreed. He had to wait 3 hours for her to finish shopping. Calvin hates the mall now even more than before.
Eli was looking through the local job openings. He saw a job for installing guardrails along Colorado's highways. Eli applied for the job and passed the physical. He started immediately, travelling to anywhere he was needed. Eli's very happy with his new job.
Colette was shopping one day. She had a plastic water bottle tucked into her bag. She sat the bag in her cart as she shopped. When it was time to leave she realized the bag was soaking wet. Investigating she saw a big water spot from the bottle spilling.
Kim was headed to Miami for the weekend. But she needed a new bikini. So she went to a clothing store. She found the nicest bikini. She bought and wore it to Miami.
Winston bought a brand new car today. He drove it all around town to show it off to his friends. When he was finished he went home. As he opened the door he dented it on the curb out front. Sadly, he now has to call his insurance agent to get it fixed.
Vivian was watching her favorite show on tv. The power went out, preventing her from finishing. Vivian ran outside, and down the street as fast as she could. She ran 5 blocks to her friend's house. Their tv worked, but by the time she arrived the show was over.
Alan's brother ask if he could move in with Alan and his wife. At first Alan was worried about a crowded house. Alan's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement. Alan and his brother spent the day turning the basement into a room. Now Alan's brother has his own space and so does Alan.
Garrett wanted a new pet. He decided on a reptile. His friend told him to get an iguana. He bought one from the pet store. Garrett loves him like a brother.
Tim got a new dog. It behaved really terribly. Tim tried everything to train it. Nothing seemed to ever work. Tim kept the dog because he was attached to it, though.
Tom wanted to give his girlfriend the best Valentine's Day gift ever. He bought a box of chocolates along with a dozen red roses. Tom took her out for dinner and presented her with the gifts. She was very happy, but surprised when Tom got down on one knee. Tom asked her to marry him, and it truly was the best gift ever.
Jessica turned on the water and got in the shower. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a bright green frog. At first she thought it was a puffy sticker until it moved. Jessica thought it must have hitched a ride inside on one of the dogs. She grabbed a towel and a cup and carefully relocated it back outside.
I sat on a bee in the locker room. I jumped around in pain. I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me. A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt. I left my friend behind in the locker room.
My old computer just broke so I decided to buy a new once. There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers. I looked at everyone of them and they seem average. However, I decided to go to the Apple section and buy a Mac. Ever since I went Mac I never went back.
Jim was obsessed with super heroes. His sister told him if he tied a sheet on his back he could fly. She convinced Jim to climb the ladder to the roof and jump off. When he got up there he felt like he was superman. Jim broke his arm and his sister is grounded for a year.
At the age of 12, my mom sent me to Spanish camp, and I escaped! Me and a friend wanted to sneak into town for pizza and games. We climbed out a cabin window late at night. His sister and her boyfriend picked us up on a dark country road. We ate pizza, played arcade games and climbed back through the window.
The young woman was excited to come to America. She was from a different country. She planned to spend ten months living with a host family. She would go to school and learn in a new language. She was excited to be an exchange student.
Kate wanted to get snacks for the road trip. She bought a few bags of nuts, and some water. Back on the road she was eating her nuts. One person got no snacks and kept mooching nuts from Kate. Kate was fuming over having to share with the greedy moocher.
Fred woke up to see his car piled up with snow. His neighbor apologized for shoveling all his snow on his car. But as Fred was very late for work he had to ask for a favor. His neighbor took him to work and said he'd get him back after. That little incident turned out to be fruitful as they became friends.
The man joined the military. He was sent off to war. He was severely wounded. His country did not care for him properly. He told his son never to join the military.
I bought a new tent a few days back. I decided to camp with my new tent for a test run. When I was camping there was a light rain. The tent stayed nice and dry. I was ready to use the tent with my family since it was preforming.
Tina was not sure what to get her sister. It was Christmas after all. She figured she had everything already. When the time came she got her a sweater. Her sister hated it.
Maria's child was walking on the sidewalk. Her shadow followed her. She noticed the shadow and started to cry. Maria ran to pick her up. The shadow vanished.
My son had a sleepover when he was seven. He invited two of his friends over, Joe and Tim. Tim was adventurous but Joe was introverted. At midnight, Joe had to go home as he missed his mom. Joe is 27 and still lives at home.
Nina was headed to college in Arkansas. She was very nervous and quite reluctant. In her first class, she noticed her old high school classmate. She was so happy, so sat next to her. They hung out everyday, after the first day.
Tom grew up in San Francisco. All of his friends played baseball. Tom was afraid of being hit by a ball so he did not play. One day he decided to play and got hit by a pitch. It didn't actually hurt so Tom fell in love with Baseball.
One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room. She looked out the window. A bird had flown into the window and knocked itself out. She put the bird in a box so a cat wouldn't eat it. After an hour the bird flew away like nothing had happened.
Arden went out to the mailbox to get his mail. He saw a letter addressed to him from his child's school. Arden opened the letter up. It stated that his child was receiving an award at a ceremony. Arden call his boss up and requested the time off from work.
Last night I dreamed about my friends in NH. I dreamed my friend's daughter broke up with her boyfriend. As a result her grades in college were falling. Her parents were furious and demanded she get her grades up. I woke up and realized it was all a bad dream.
Briana had a pet turtle. One day, he went missing. They searched the house but couldn't find him. Briana started to worry. Luckily, they found the turtle under the table.
Sue's mom took her shopping before she moved into the dorm. Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag, but her mom said no. She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt. Sue was jealous when her new roommate unpacked a zebra bed-in-a-bag. But the roommate touched the patchwork quilt with quiet reverence.
Bill loved to stretch as a young gymnast. He stretched his back to abnormal positions for hours at a time. After many Years, Bill's back began to deteriorate. It started slowly at first but began to accelerate. Now, Bill is sadly confined to his small wheelchair.
The third graders lined up for a foot race. When the starting pistol fired, they all started running. They ran to the line at the end of the parking lot. Bradley won by about twenty feet. He was the fastest kid!
Charles got his paycheck and drove to the swap meet. He thought this would be a normal trip where he'd buy some things. But there were celebrity rappers in the swap meet. Charles got autographs and took pictures with celebrities. He called his girlfriend and said, guess who's in the swap meet!
A man walked into an electronics repair shop a broken laptop. He dropped the laptop on the counter and asked for an estimate. The clerk told him that he can't give an estimate that quickly. The man decided to come back later to get an estimate. The clerk worked on the laptop to see the problem in his absence.
My niece got engaged this summer. She got an emerald ring from her fiance. They had been dating for a year. We met her fiance in a restaurant. I look forward to the wedding next year.
Ethan saved for ten years for a trip to the Kennedy Space Center. When he was 20, he finally got to go. He even bought a first class plane ticket! He savored every moment of the trip. It was the best experience of Ethan's life.
Bill played music everyday! His neighbors complained about the music. Bill felt terrible about the noise. Bill bought some headphones. No one ever complained about the music again!
Isobel was 2 years old and going to her first Halloween party! The party was at her grandmother's house. At first, Isobel was very scared of the skeletons and decorations. Then her Mom and Dad reassured her that they were just decorations. Isobel had a great time at the party!
Sally drives everyday to work. This day was very rainy. The tires on her car were very bald. She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road. Luckily she stopped in time, but almost hit the kitten.
My friend wanted to lose some weight. She stopped eating more than once a day. It was really bad for her. Eventually she started eating again. She realized it was better to be healthy than to be thin.
Chauncy woke up this morning and found her trees had been TPed. She tried to clean up the mess but some of the toilet paper high up. Instead of using a ladder, she decided to burn it. A small piece of paper drifted away and set the yard on fire. Chauncy watched in disbelief as the fire quickly spread to her house.
Joseph had his first haircut after a long years. He was forced to have a haircut because of friend's challenge to him. When he was at the barber shop he was so nervous. He likes to quit but the barber just started cutting his hair. When he saw the result he did not regret having his haircut.
Kim hadn't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane. On the plane she woke nauseous. She asked for salt, but all they had were salted peanuts. She ate them, and got sicker. Kim ended up needing to use the sick bag on this flight.
Chris was cooking pasta for supper. He walked away while the pasta was cooking and forgot about it. The pasta came out sticky and too soft. Chris decided to make another pot of pasta. He watched this pot and it came out perfect.
Lita bought a turtle at the pet shop. Lita brought the turtle home. Lita did not know what to feed her turtle. Lita looked online to see what she should feed her turtle. Lita learned that her turtle will eat vegetables and fruits.
Ted is playing basketball. He is playing a great game. He goes up for the winning shot. He slips and misses the shot. He hurts his ankle and is carried off the court.
Jarred and Jake had a balancing contest on the balance beam. Neither of them seemed to falter. Suddenly a gust of wind came from the east. The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance! Jake was the champion of the balance beam!
Norma decided it was time to feed her goldfish. She noticed that her goldfish tank was dirty as she fed the fish. First she scrubbed the algae off the inside of the glass. Next she removed and replaced one fourth of the water. The fish tank looked much better after it was cleaned.
Jim agreed to babysit his nephew today. He usually wouldn't but he had nothing else to do. They spent the afternoon coloring and playing with toys. Jim told his sister that he would love to babysit again soon. He forgot how much fun it was being a kid!
Andy ate a whole bucket of ice cream last night. His girlfriend had called to break up with him. He didn't take it well. Today, he'll be pretty sick. They weren't very good together, anyway.
Alice was cooking for dinner one day. She didn't know what to make. She thought really hard about it. There was a box of hamburger helper in the cupboard. It was the best hamburger helper the family had ever had.
Ed and Jenny spent all morning making a sand castle. It was the biggest they ever built. After lunch they planned to add more turrets. But when they got back it was gone. The tide had come in, washing it away.
Sue drove to her Dad's house to pick him up. She assisted her Dad with his jacket and helped him with his shoes. Sue wheeled her Dad in his wheelchair to her car. Sue drove her Dad to his doctor's office and wheeled him in. Sue assisted her Dad into the exam room and spoke with the physician.
Jae woke up in a panic. She had overslept and was late picking up her daughter. She ran to the bus stop, which was three blocks away. Her daughter was waiting, bored but unharmed. Jae hugged her daughter as they walked home.
A light was out at Jay's house. Jay climbed on a chair to change the bulbs. The chair shifted and Jay fell. Jay had trouble putting weight on his foot. He went to the doctor and was told he fractured his ankle.
Ike slept in one morning and was running late for school. His mom tossed him a Power Bar on his way out the door. Ike scoffed, but as he ate it on the bus, his eyes widened. The bar was good - filling and full of protein, too! Ike decided Power Bars would be a great on-the-go meal!
Aaron was a great chef. He specialized in Italian dishes. He made his own pasta and sauce. When he fed it to his family, they all raved. It was their new favorite recipe!
Jill planned a camping trip with her friends. They arrived at the campsite at noon. Jill helped her friends set up their tents. They went for a hike and looked around. In the evening, they returned to build a campfire.
Thanksgiving came along. Stephen knew he needed a new turtleneck. He looked online. He looked at the store. He found one he liked.
Dale had  been going steady with his girlfriend for 2 weeks. The two had a date planned for friday night. At dinner the two were dining at a fancy restaurant. Dale had to use the restroom and left his phone on the table. His girlfriend went through his phone and decided to dump him  there.
Tom needed new shoes. Tom went shopping. He walked into a shoe store. Tom was shocked that the store only sold used shoes. Tom was appalled and went home empty handed.
The walls are lit up. There is a swirl of colors. You have to go underground between terminals. It is like the twilight zone. This is at the Detroit airport.
Alex is a very competitive girl. One day she was playing a game with friends and having fun. She was winning the game until she made a mistake. She couldn't bare the thought of losing and became desperate. So instead of trying harder she decided to cheat and won the game.
Brenda was excited about her new dress. She wore it out the first night she could. It was to the club with friends. When she arrived to meet them she noticed something. Her friend had the exact same dress.
One day the Smith family went to the amusement park. First they rode the ferris wheel. Then they rode a roller coaster. They ate corn dogs for lunch. Everyone had fun.
Angie's pet bird Spot has gotten out of her cage and flown away. Angie posts signs all over town to help her find her bird. Many people call with Spot sightings. Angie checks on each sighting but can't find Spot. Angie is heartbroken that she can't find her bird.
Lucy spilled bleach on her favorite jeans. It was her first time working with bleach. She didn't know the stain was permanent. She begged her grandma to help fix the stain. Lucy cried when grandma told her there was no fixing the stain.
Eric wanted to lose weight fast. So he began an intense exercise program. Everything was fine until one day he became very short of breath. He has asthma so he went to look for his asthma pump to use it. He didn't find it in time and ended up having a bad asthma attack.
Megan was worried about her upcoming maths exams. She was very good at art and drama, but not very good at maths. Her mum brought her a big revision book so that she could get better. She worked hard up until the exam. When her results came she had passed.
Janice was cleaning the floors of her apartment. She found a stained spot on her carpet. Janice tried to clean up the stain with various household cleaners. The stain would not come out. Janice had to replace the stained part with brand new carpet.
Suzie loved everything sweet. When she was diagnosed with candida, she couldn't eat sweets anymore. It was very hard as many birthdays were coming. She had to watch everyone eat cake. And it was a hard time to wait until she was cured.
Hunter was on a road trip to his brothers wedding. Things were going well until his car broke down. His car was going to take a couple of days to repair. That left Hunter less than 24 hours to drive to his brothers wedding. Luckily, Hunter made it there in the knick of time.
Kayla was seven Years old. Her mom had just told her she was going to be a big sister. Kayla was so unhappy and nervous! But then she got to hold her new baby brother. Kayle realized that she loved being a big sister after all!
Robert had never tasted lobster. His girlfriend decided to take him out. She took him to a fancy seafood restaurant. Robert finally got to taste lobster. He really liked it and wanted to get more soon.
Tina is a senior in high school. Tomorrow she will graduate and begin the rest of her life. She's scared to leave her friends but excited to start adulthood. Her mother spoke to her and reminded her that growing is part of life. Tina graduated with proudly and has never looked back.
Three friends were in a library studying. One friend started to play the air guitar. The other friends joined in with air bass and air drums. The librarian came over to their impromptu concert. The librarian gave silent applause when they finished their song.
Billy kept crying in his room every day. His mom noticed it and asked him why. Billy revealed that he was depressed all the time. Billy saw a therapist and discovered he was clinically depressed. Billy is on medication and is happier than he's ever been.
My daughter's school had a bake sale to raise money. They asked each parent to contribute to the sale. I decided to make chocolate covered marshmallows. I made 24 dozen marshmallows for the bake sale. At the end of the night, the school told me they sold were sold out.
Adam went to the casino one Saturday night to play poker. He spent a lot of money on chips to bring to the table. At first it seemed like things were going his way. After an hour, though, he noticed his chips were getting low. In the end, he decided to walk away before he lost everything.
Alice wanted to try some highlights. Her hair was looking rather dull. So she bought a box to do it. But it turned out streaky orange. She had to go to a salon to fix it.
It was a really hot summer. Tom's air conditioning broke. It would be days to get it fixed. Tom couldn't stand the heat. He decided to stay in a hotel instead.
I have been training my whole life in one event. Training session after training session is what my days consisted of. I didn't go to school to follow this dream. Every four years I have the opportunity to show everyone why I did it. I have finally became an Olympian athlete.
Lisa's mom waited in the car while she ran into the donut store. Her mother had told her to get a dozen assorted donuts. Lisa made sure to get flavors everyone in the family would like. She picked twelve but the worker told her she would get one more. They sold baker's dozens, which were 13 for the price of 12.
Kay was going on a shopping trip. She drove to the mall with her friends. There, they shopped for hours. kay bought several new outfits. She had a great time on her shopping trip!
Johnny loved collecting marbles. Some boys asked Johnny to play marbles with them. The boys said whoever won got to keep the marbles. Johnny thought about each marble in his collection. He told the boys he didn't want to play.
My sister in-law turned 63 yesterday. We had her over for cake. We gave her a hard root beer. After a half an hour she got itchy. I hope she did not  have an allergic reaction.
Eric had spent many years looking for purpose in his life. He came to the realization he wanted to help people. He decided to combine that with his passion for the brain. So he went to medical school to become a neurosurgeon. Today he is one of the best neurosurgeons in the nation.
Linda knew she had a paper coming due for her Economics class. She put it off until the last minute to hang out with her friends. The night before the paper was due, she finally sat down to write it. It was harder than she thought, so she copied a paper posted online. Linda was expelled from school for plagiarism.
June was all alone for Thanksgiving. She couldn't afford to travel this year. She felt so bored and alone that day. Suddenly, she noticed a commercial for a local soup kitchen. She decided to go out and volunteer at a kitchen.
It was passed Emily bedtime. She wanted to stay up a little bit longer. Her parents agreed. She stayed up watching Disney movies. Emily was unable to wake up in time for breakfast.
I spread out all of the computer parts for my new build. Then I started assembling the new PC. After assembly, I pushed the power button. The computer came to life. Finally, I started loading the Operating System and software.
Edward was lonely and wanted a girlfriend so he started dating. He went on a date with a girl named Joy. Edward liked her but she didn't like him so he got angry at her. Joy told Edward he had an anger problem and needed help. Edward discovered his anger prevented him from finding love.
The theater usher took the ticket from the patron and looked at it. He rubbed the paper between his hands and it felt weird. The usher motioned towards his manager that there was a problem. He explained that the ticket was not legitimate. The manager escorted the patron out of the lobby.
Emma wanted to learn to ride a horse. She thought it looked fairly easy. She signed up for riding lessons. But her first lesson was very, very hard! Emma realized that she had a lot to learn about horseback riding.
Sam wanted to get a dog. So he was researching local pet stores to buy one. It just so happened he logged onto Facebook to see an ad for a pound. A dog named Grump was going to be put down that day. Sam has a new best friend named Grump, you should meet him.
Joe hated washing dishes. He thought they smelled awful. Joe had a plan. He bought a bunch of paper plates. Joe never had to wash dishes again.
I begged my parents for years to let me go to summer camp. They gave in when I found one that was just an hour away. I was so excited to go have adventures and ride horses! When I got to the camp, I realized I was the oldest kid there. I ended up coming home early, and very sad about summer camp.
Charlie knocked over his Mother's favorite vase. When Mother found the broken vase, she wanted to know who broke it. Charlie lied and said that he didn't know. Charlie felt bad about lying to his Mother. Charlie confessed that he broke the vase to his Mother.
I went to the doctor today to find out what's wrong with me. He diagnosed me with migraines. He said loud sounds or bright lights can make it worse. I am a drummer in a heavy metal band. I guess I have to choose between feeling good or having a job.
Fred woke up one day with a very bad headache. He found a thermometer and took his temperature. His temperature was over 105 degrees. Fred's wife quickly drove him to the hospital. Fred stayed in the hospital for one week until he felt better.
Sidney had always wanted to live in Australia. Being from the UK, Australia seemed exotic and exciting for her. After university, she applied for a visa to go and work there. She quickly got a job as a barmaid in Sydney. She was always known as Sidney in Sydney to her friends.
Saul really liked Theresa. Theresa appeared to not like him. So he wrote her a letter. Somehow Theresa found this letter. She was very happy and impressed at his skills.
Hal loved to play jacks. He taught all his friends how to play. His friends started a jacks club at school. Hal eventually grew out of playing jacks. He often thinks of the days where his only care was playing jacks.
Fernando went to the pizza shop. He ordered a large cheese pizza. The owner burnt the crust of the pizza. Fernando smelled the burnt crust. He asked for a refund for the pizza.
I bought a stuffed toy with purple hair. She also had purple eyes and eyelashes. She came with a tiny stuffed baby in her arms. The baby had a twig of purple curly hair. The two came as a pair, and are very cute.
Emily watched out her window. She wanted to see the garbage truck. She liked watching the arm pick up the can. She was excited for garbage day each week. When the truck pulled up, she squealed with joy.
It was very cold one night. Grandma didn't want to turn up the heat. The cats were cold. They climbed in bed with me. The cats spent a warm night with me, purring the whole time.
Tom had just gotten married. He was on his honeymoon vacation in Hawaii. A tropical storm hit at the same time. Tom's hotel was hit especially bad. Tom's wife was seriously injured.
I was appalled that my water bill was so high. I decided to take shorter showers. I did not flush the toilet after every use. When my water bill arrived, I opened it hopefully. I was pleased that I had saved a dollar on my water bill.
Gina was at her dad's mom's house with her cousins. She was ready to leave after an hour of pretending to get along. A car pulled into the driveway. Gina worried it would be someone else she didn't like. To her delight her sister stepped out of the car.
Charles was going hunting. He packed his camo clothes and his pack. He walked out into the woods. He spotted a huge elk! Then Charles realized he'd forgotten his gun!
The cat walked into the living room. There was a ball on the floor. The cat swatted the ball around. The cat played with the ball. The cat liked the ball.
There was a big pothole near Bill's house. He had to swerve to avoid it all the time. He kept calling the city to fix it. Eventually someone returned his calls. It took three more months for it to be fixed.
Adam found out he and his wife were having a baby. He hoped for a son. When he found out it was a girl, he hid his disappointment. But he still thought a son would be better, until he met his daughter. Then he decided he was very proud to have a little girl!
Joel's doctor said he had to eat healthier. Joel was sad because he thought he'd hate fruits and veggies. But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them. Joel could hardly believe his taste buds. He discovered that fruits and veggies were delicious!
Beth was eating pistachios when Kim asked for one. She had never had a pistachio before. She cracked the shell and ate the nut. Her face became contorted and she spit it out. Kim told Beth it was the yuckiest nut she ever ate.
Sally wanted to audition for the school play. She was scared she would forget her lines. She practiced and practiced. Her audition went perfectly. Sally got the lead role.
Harry wanted to paint a portrait. But he was too scared to start. So he continued to watch tutorials and gather information. But he never gained enough confidence. In the end, Harry never painted the portrait he wanted.
Alice was playing basketball with her dad. When Alice went to dunk the ball, she crashed into her father. Both fell, and Alice landed on her arm. At the hospital, the doctor confirmed a bad break. Later at home, her father g6
Nancy hated to fish. She did not like worms. Her husband really wanted her to like fishing. He bought her fake worms to use. Now they both love fishing together.
John started a new job at a bank. The bank was having a company outing at the park. John was nervous because he didn't know anyone. He went to the outing and met a number of nice people. John had a great time at the outing.
Kirk had just eaten a poppy seed muffin for breakfast. Everywhere he went he could tell people saw seeds in his teeth. He didn't really care and didn't mind if people judged him. Still, he was getting sick of the looks. Finally he decided to go and clean out his teeth despite principles.
Kaylee's mommy and daddy told her she was going to have a new brother. Mommy's tummy grew and grew and one day she went to the hospital. Kaylee stayed with her grandma and grandpa for three days. Grandma and grandpa told Kaylee they were going to her house. When Kaylee got home a baby boy was in daddy's arms.
Shannon woke up excited because her family was going to the beach. She got out of bed and put on her swimsuit and gathered her toys. Shannon ran down the stairs only to see it had started to rain. She was sad and her parents told her maybe tomorrow would be better . Shannon got changed and played board games instead.
Jake loved old muscle cars. For his 16th birthday his parents bought him a beat up old one. He had to fix it up. Jake loved the challenge. It took him years but he made his own dream car.
Jason craved an ice-cream cone. He decided to go to the ice-cream shop. He put on his shoes and started walking. Jason reached the ice-cream shop and ordered a chocolate cone. Jason enjoyed his ice-cream.
Luke came running down the stairs as fast as he could. Matt was right behind him. Both of the boys rounded the corner into the den at the same time. They slid across the floor on their knees. Star Trek was on TV and mom had made popcorn!
Kyla ordered a large coffee on her way to work. She sipped it as she pulled away. Then she grimaced. The barista had forgotten her sugar! Kyla wished she had time to return for a new coffee!
Tom was running late to work. He realized he couldn't find his keys. Tom tried looking in several places. He got frustrated and it was harder to find them. Tom eventually got late to work.
It was the first time Gary had taken his kids to a baseball game. They bought Cracker Jacks and popcorn. They waved foam fingers around. They even caught a foul ball! It was a great father-son outing!
I had a bad rash on my arm. The pain was really bad. I ran water over it to stop the pain. The water did nothing to end the sharp pain. Finally, I used lotion and that made me feel much better.
I decided I wanted a new keyboard. I needed it for my iPad. It worked great. It was also backlit. I bought some more for my other devices.
Tim had problems with constipation. His doctor made him try a new medication. Tim took too much of it. He got diarrhea at work. Tim had to go home early and fix his meds.
Kevin moved back near his hometown. One day he saw an old girlfriend. They chatted for a while, like old times. Kevin asked her out. The spark was no longer there, so they just became friends.
Jane heard that a carnival was coming to her small town. She wondered how she could make money for the rides. She saw a sign advertising a turtle race at the carnival. Jane caught turtles to sell before the race. She made enough money to ride all day and night.
Sally needed her son's Christmas wish list. She gave him a book of toys from the big toy store. He went through it and circled stuff he liked. Sally looked over it later. It gave her plenty of ideas for what to get him.
The hole was round and smooth. Closer looks provided more insight. The hole was chiseled. The plastic had grooves. There were tiny plastic strands.
Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in. Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off. After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad. Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.
Karyn's kids came home with a dog. She told them they couldn't keep the dog. They decided to see if anyone on social media recognized the dog. The dog's owner saw the notice on social media. The dog's owner picked up the lost dog.
I was making popcorn the other day. I bought my favorite brand from the store. I put it in the microwave but I forgot all about it. I burned the popcorn pretty badly. Now the whole house smells like burnt popcorn.
Fran loved her earbuds but they just broke. She needed something more durable. She looked online and found some headphones she liked. She ordered it online. The headphones ended up being amazing in quality.
Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen. For her party she wanted everything. Her parents got horses and invited all her friends. At the end of the night Kelsi got a car. Kelsi was thrilled.
Lars demanded a scalpel from his assistant. The patient was in grave danger, and Lars was their only hope. Wait a minute - Lars couldn't do this, he wasn't a brain surgeon! Then he awoke from his dream to find his hand in a bowl of spaghetti. His siblings could be heard snickering as they scampered away.
My yard was looking kind of empty. I decided to put up a nice fence around the yard. I bought the supplies and some tools. I worked on the fence for a weekend. When I was done, I had a nice looking fence.
Jon decided to eat some Korean food. He had never had Korean food. He went to the local Korean cafe. He ordered fried fish with kimchi. He thought it was delicious!
Laura was a fast food worker. She didn't pay much attention to her job. One day she was supposed to be taking an order. She was caught in the back texting. She was fired on the spot.
Gina was using dish soap to clean soda off the sidewalk. Her mother was furious. She couldn't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner. She handed Gina the hose and went into the house. Gina stood holding a water hose, with no water coming out of it
He was waiting for the pizza to arrive. He loved pizza. He was looking even more forward to it today. He had a lousy day but the pizza would help a lot. He heard a car pull into the driveway and he ran to the door.
Sean's computer screen broke. He tried to fix it but it wouldn't work. Instead, he bought a new one online. The owner delivered it within an hour. Sean set it up and it worked just fine.
Ken wanted to earn extra money. He put up fliers in his neighborhood. A few neighbors hired him to shovel their driveways. After a few hours of working, Ken collected his pay. He had earned over thirty dollars!
Cara woke up extra early today. She was excited about going to Six Flags. But when she jumped out of bed and looked outside, she saw rain. It was pouring! Cara didn't get to go to six flags, and she was very sad.
Rose was a single mother who needed money badly. She worked as a waitress in a city diner. One day a patron offered her a thousand dollars for some nude photos. Rose thought about it all night during her shift. At the end of her shift she told the patron she would not do it.
Abby was invited to a Taylor swift concert. She was very excited to attend. As soon as she went it was packed. Abby had fun with all the songs. She couldn't wait to buy the new album.
It was a cold night. Ted's dog usually slept outside. Ted didn't want his dog to get too cold. Ted brought the dog in for the night. He put him back outside the next day.
I took a figure drawing class in college. I drew naked models everyday in art class. My favorite girl to draw was a curvy girl named Anne Marie. A couple months later, I learned that she had died in a lake. I was very sad, and had her artwork up in my apartment.
Robbie loved going dancing with his boyfriend. Last friday they tried salsa dancing. Robbie was a bit nervous because he's latino. He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed. Once at the club he loosened up and did great.
There was a class clown in the class. He wouldn't be the nice class clown that everyone likes. He was a class clown that everyone thought was annoying and obnoxious. After a while, everyone decided to gang up on him. He stopped being annoying after that.
Alice decided to plan her first house party. She invited everyone that she knew. Alice bought tons of decorations, food and games. She was very nervous that no one would show up for the party. The big day arrived and Alice's home was flooded with all her guest.
Kelly was going to the fair with her mom and brother. But she had lost her hair brush! After hours of searching, she gave up. She twined her hair into a messy braid. She ended up, hair braided, having a great time at the fair!
Amanda didn't like to brush her teeth. As a result, her tooth enamel was very weak. One day she chipped her tooth after falling on her face. The dentist had to pull it out because it was too rotten to repair. Now Amanda has an unsightly gap in her teeth.
It was very sunny today. And I went on a 7 mile long walk. I felt my head and face burning. And my eyes felt weak and tired. When I finally looked at a mirror, my entire face was swollen and red.
Eddie wanted money to buy a game. His mother said he would have to work to earn the money. Eddie knew where his mother hid her extra cash. Eddie stole money to buy the game. Eddie's mother realized the money was gone and confronted him.
Grace was trying to sell her house. She wanted the house to be shown by appointment only. Her realtor would show up with buyers without any prior notice. This left Grace with no time to prepare the house. She was frustrated with her realtor, and fired her.
The woman heard some rustling. There was a bug next to her! She tried to swat it but kept missing. The bug scurried under the bed. She was not going to be able to sleep tonight!
Marissa is turning 16 this year. Her parents are planning a sweet 16. They are going to surprise Melissa. Then they will holding the party at their house. The party was a success Marissa was in shock with her party.
Bob was vacationing in Seattle. He booked a hotel located downtown. He flew into seattle and took a taxi to the hotel. But, the taxi got into a car accident. Bob ended up in the hospital instead.
Katie wanted a kitten. Her parents told her she could get one if she made straight As. So Katie worked hard and studied often. She made a huge effort to improve her grades. That semester, she made all A's and got her kitten!
Amber was playing hide and seek with her friends. She was 'it'. She searched high and low for where her friends were hiding. But she couldn't find any of them and gave up. It turns out they were in the shed the entire time!
Ria downloaded a recipe for bread. She mixed her ingredients together. Then she put the bread in the pan and baked it. When she pulled it out, it was still flat. Puzzled, Ria realized she'd forgotten the yeast!
Sally went to the pet store the other day. She was going to get a fish. But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it. Her mom told her she couldn't just the fish. Sally now has a goldfish named Puppy.
Barb likes to watch the show Game of Thrones. Game of Thrones comes on tomorrow night. The television stopped working today. She tried to fix it but it's still broken. Tammy, Barb's friend invited her over to watch the show with her.
Wendy's boss reprimanded her at work. Wendy was upset at her boss. She posted some disparaging remarks on social media. Wendy's boss found out about the posts. Wendy was fired.
Olaf had always wanted to ride an elephant. He thought his family's trip to Kenya was the perfect chance. Then he heard about how cruel elephant training was. Olaf realized he could not be a part of it. He didn't get to ride an elephant, but he felt good about his choice.
Liz and Zoot decided to go to dinner across town. Liz drove them to the restaurant. Liz almost ran two red lights. Zoot was worried about the way Liz drove. Zoot always drove when Liz and Zoot went to dinner after that.
I wanted a way to stay awake on Friday nights. I tried everything, even caffeine pills. Nothing was keeping me awake. One day, I found energy drinks and tried them. Since then, I've been able to stay awake an extra 4 hours at night.
Sally bought her prom dress a size too small. She thought it would encourage her to lose some weight. But she didn't bother to diet or exercise. When prom day came the dress didn't fit. She had nothing to wear so she couldn't go to prom.
I was in Canada. I was with my youth choir from church. A couple people got caught leaving their rooms at night. They didn't get in too much trouble. But they apologized to the rest of us.
Anna was a very tidy person. Her pet dog was not very good at being tidy. One day, her dog completely destroyed Anna's apartment. Anna returned to broken dishes and glasses. Her love for her dog overcame her need for tidiness.
The coach made two teams to go against each other in football tackle. The first round began when the ball was passed to my team. Jim threw the ball to me and I can towards the goal. I managed to cross one opponent, but I got hit from another. He ended up punching me instead of tackling me.
Andrew was taking his dog to the dog park. It was his dogs first time in a dog park. When they arrived his dog was shy and didn't play with other dogs. But then Andrew's dog got comfortable and played with other dogs. Andrew started to take his dog every weekend and his dog enjoyed it.
Darcy took her little boy Sam to the pool. Sam started struggling to stay above water when Darcy wasn't looking. Joseph, the lifeguard, saw that Sam was in trouble. He dove in to rescue Sam! Darcy was eternally grateful to Joseph for that.
Sal went out for his lunch break. At the restaurant he had a few beers. When he got back to the office he felt drunk. Sal kept to himself to hide his drunkenness. He kept his office door locked the rest of the day.
Leo was trying to learn a piano piece he liked. But it was too advanced for him. Nevertheless, he practiced it everyday for weeks. But when his piano teacher heard, he suggested practicing the basics. After practicing easier pieces for months, everything became easier.
Beth didn't like the corporate culture of her new job. She felt so stilted that she needed to act out. She left little notes in the bathroom stalls to protest. When she was called to see her boss, she was nervous. But her boss congratulated her as she had found the quips funny.
I decided to buy some gold. I bought it yesterday. I needed another investment vehicle. It turned out well. It was also much safer.
Jason's friend worked at the arcade. The arcade gave out tickets to redeem for prizes. Jason's friend gave him handfuls of tickets to use. The manager of the arcade found out what was going on. Jason's friend was fired.
Marlon had a history assignment. He was supposed to read a historical book and do a book report. Marlon was a fan of horror movies and gore. He decided to read about a famous serial killer from the past. Marlon did his report on the serial killer.
At the airport Sheri realized she didn't have her passport. She had to get home and get it and not miss the plane! She ran through the airport, hailed a cab and headed back. At home, she dug through the box looking for the passport. She found it and made it back just in time.
I attended my new school for the first time. Unfortunately, I was lost and ended up 25 minutes late to my class. On the bright side, my professor didn't mind. My day got worse as I was on my way home. I took the shuttle home, but left my wallet on the seat.
Gina and her sister Jenny were arguing. Jenn was in the wrong, so she apologized. Gina instantly calmed down. She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry. Her mother stood on proud at the girls for being so mature.
Stacey was at the mall when she found a necklace she really liked. The necklace was pink gold and filled with diamonds. She loved the way it looked around her neck. Stacey proceeded to buy the necklace. However when it cost a thousand dollars, she no longer wanted it.
Sara felt a suspicious lump in her neck. She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump. The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer. Sara went through six rounds of chemotherapy. She is grateful that her cancer is now in remission.
Kate's son was very lazy. She really wanted him to be more active. She signed him up for a junior football league in town. She hoped this would cure his laziness. Instead he just complained everyday he had to practice or play.
We went to see the new mall. It was huge, bigger than expected.aquarium. The floors were made of glimmering marble. There was a huge round marble ball spinning on water. We went through every store that day.
When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test. He had totally forgotten about it. He tried to look over his notes during his first class. When he got to class the teacher was out. The test was postponed until the next day.
There are two phases to body building. They are called Bulking Up and Cutting. The first phase you are suppose to eat a lot and lift heavy weights. The second phase you scale back the food and do lots of cardio. Apparently if you do these two things you will look amazing.
I used to sell things on eBay. I would check the recycle bins outside our dumpster. One day a person left a hurling stick. It had some chips but was still solid. I sold it on eBay for $80.
My mother has two beautiful white cats, Tudor and Pearl. She went to her condo in Florida and I had to take care of them. I let both of the cats out one day on my lunch break to play. Tudor ran away and I looked for him all night long. Finally I found him and he didn't get to go outside anymore.
I knew that I was a very good swimmer. So, I decided to try out for my school's swim team. There were a lot of other great swimmers there. The coach had the tryouts compete against each other. Afterwards, the coach told me I earned a spot on the team.
Che was named after the Argentinian revolutionary. The only problem was Che was deeply conservative. He bought a bunch of Che Guevara t-shirts from Hot Topic. He burned them on the lawn of his university campus. Everyone wrongly thought he was starting a protest against the school.
Mollie's mother was unreasonable! She told her she couldn't go out to play until she cleaned her room. Molly pushed her clothes under the bed. She shoved her toys into the closet, willy nilly. Her mother said it wasn't good enough and made her start over.
Hannah and Dori hated their fifth grade teacher. One Saturday they decided to draw a sad face on her classroom door. They felt incredibly guilty after having done so. They returned to the door and tried to remove it but failed. The teacher had a sad face on her door the rest of the year.
Alan's father  was having a birthday soon. Alan decided he wanted to get his father a birthday present. He searched high and low for the perfect gift. Finally, he came across a tie that said dad. Alan was able to give his father the tie for his birthday.
Miles had a short temper. He got angry as soon as his kids were making too much noise. As he was rough and violent too, his wife left him and took the kids. Suddenly alone, Miles started thinking. He went to therapy and mended things with his wife eventually.
Paul loved cars. He wanted to buy a new car. One day he went to the dealership. He was able to finance a new BMW. Paul was so excited when he drove it off the lot.
Trisha went walking down the street in NYC. A man came up and asked her how much. Trisha thought the man thought she was a prostitute. She was very angry and told him where to go. The man said he just wanted to buy the bag of peaches she had.
Elaine had recently started her first year of high school. She was having a hard time and before long had many bullies. She begged her mother to let her switch schools. At first her mother resisted, but soon she agreed as things got worse. Luckily Elaine loved her new school and did much better there.
Neera wanted to travel to India. Her parents did not want her to. She could not afford to by herself. She got a scholarship to college. She was able to study abroad in India.
We moved in September. When the weather got cold we noticed our window was leaking. For days we avoided the couch because of the cold. Finally, we decided to check the window. We found out it was opened at the top and closed it.
Mike got his first tattoo. He did not expect it to itch so badly! He scratched it in his sleep. He peeled some of the ink off. Luckily, the artist fixed it for him for free.
The rose bush bloomed. The man cut a rose. He gave it to the woman. The woman got mad. She did not like her roses cut.
Pete checked a book out from the library. He brought it home and began to read. While reading he got up to get a drink and snack. When he came back, he accidentally spilled his drink on the book. Pete ruined the book and had to pay the library for it.
Kim noticed that her hands were dry. But her lotion only helped them temporarily. Her friend recommended shea butter. So she decided to try it. And it made her hands smooth and soft.
Sandra bought a milkshake at the fast food restaurant. She drink the milkshake right away. When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach. She ended up being sick the rest of the day. The milkshake must have made her sick.
Libby ordered new shoes on the internet. She waited eight days for the shoes to arrive. On the eighth day, a package was delivered. Libby eagerly opened the box. Libby tried on her new shoes.
The couple had a baby. They didn't have a name. They asked the doctor for a name. The doctor suggested a name. They took the doctor's suggestion.
James had always wanted to learn to play violin. He went to a nearby school to practice. He found the violin very challenging. However, he improved over time. He was proud to be learning violin.
Tanya asked her sister Kim if she could borrow her camera. Kim was very protective of her camera and said no. Tanya decided to sneak into Kim's room and take the camera. While taking a picture, she accidentally dropped it into a lake. Kim was upset that she couldn't find her camera anywhere.
Marge started spring cleaning in her son's boyhood room. She found a dusty box with baseball cards inside. The cards looked old and untouched, so Marge threw them out. Then, Marge saw a show about the value of old baseball cards. When her son asked about the cards, Marge acted puzzled.
Karen had finally landed the job of her dreams at a Fashion House. She was the assistant to the main designer and got to see all the new. She was contacted by a rival house and offered $500 to steal a sample. She needed the money for her recent move and gave in, but was caught. She lost the job and had to move back in with her parents.
My old neighbor Anh came to visit today. She used to live in Cambridge but bought a house in Westford. She said she was not happy with the move. She said the town has no good places to eat. I recommended some restaurants in Lowell.
Bob opened the curtains. There were birds in the yard. They were eating his garden plants. He ran outside yelling. The birds flew away.
Barry was an insurance salesman. He was behind on his numbers and was feeling nervous. Every phone call seemed to lead to failure. Barry's boss was not happy about this. When Barry asked for advice, his boss just said to try harder.
Harry found out his child was bullied. His child asked him to beat the bully up. Harry could not do that but he said he would do something else. He said he would go to the principal and ask them to suspend the boy. The boy was suspended and Harry's child was never bullied again.
Sam's dad gave him newts as pets. The two newts had their own tank. They were tiny, but Sam fed them crickets. He cleaned their tank often to keep them healthy. Soon the newts were as big as his hand!
Tim learned martial arts as a kid. Tim's favorite move was striking with an elbow. Tim was attacked one night. Tim used his elbow striking to ward off the attackers. Tim was very happy his skills were utilized wisely.
We took our kids to Disneyworld in 1995. Our kids were 9 and 6. My wife rode the Dumbo ride in the Magic Kingdom. The kids liked Splash Mountain. Unfortunately we never went back as the kids grew up.
We played in a baseball tournament this weekend. Our team scored the most runs. We also set a record for home runs. Unfortunately we didn't the tournament. We finished in second place.
Jo heard her co-worker laughing at the computer. The co-worker showed Jo a website of awkward photos. Jo laughed with her co-worker at the embarrassing pictures. Then, Jo, turned beet red. On the screen she saw her own yearbook photo.
Evan brought home a new dog. It wasn't potty trained. It pooped all over the house. His parents weren't happy. They made him get rid of the dog.
Michael was a late night DJ. One day while on air he lost his voice. He tried to introduce the next song but nothing came out. Michael went to commercial and ran out of the studio. The listeners were confused when the commercials never ended.
Cath was watching a movie with her husband. The movie had a very violent sad scene. Without realizing it, Cath had curled away from the scene. Before she knew it she was crying and was so embarrassed. Luckily her husband comforted her and she felt better.
I got a new racing game yesterday. I was very excited to play it. When I started playing it I couldn't stop. I waited till I beat the game until I would stop. Finally after hours of playing I stopped.
Tim had a contest with his best friend Joe. They wanted to see who could hold his breath the longest. Tim cheated and only pretended to hold his breath. Joe gasped as he took in a deep breath. Tim felt so awful that he admitted to cheating.
Sam decided to hike through the Atacama Desert. He packed a backpack and set out to the Desert. After four days of hiking he ran out of water. Unfortunately, he was in a desert so there was no water. Sam died of dehydration.
Sam felt ill when he woke in the morning. Sam remembered that he'd eaten some spicy food the night before. However, Sam had an important meeting to lead today. Sam found some antacid and took it, then drove to work. Sam's stomach settled and he led the meeting well.
The children held as still as they could under the porch. They heard the faint rustle of paws on the leaves. The children sensed the creature was close. With a shriek, they jumped out of the darkness at it. Triumphant, the children were certain the raccoon wouldn't return.
Paul orders a soda for lunch. He is given a straw with the soda. Paul drinks the soda using the straw. Once it is over he pays his bill. Paul enjoyed the soda.
Tom went to the movies with his buddies. The movie had some pretty emotionally intense scenes. Tom found himself getting a little teary during those scenes. Tom tried but failed to hide his tears from his friends. To this day, they tease Tom relentlessly about crying at the movies.
Ben put all his things in his bag to get ready for school. He had no more room when he was finished. Ben decided that it was time for a bigger bag. He took out his phone and bought one on the internet. Ben selected next day delivery and waited.
Mike had been in love with Jane for the past three years. He had always been too nervous to tell her how he felt. Today would be different though, as he had finally decided to tell. He went up to Jane and poured his heart out. Jane told him she hated him and asked him to leave her alone.
Rachel could no longer stand the sight of her fiance, Howard. Up until yesterday, she loved him and couldn't see him enough. But, yesterday she came home and heard a woman moaning? She thought it was the television, but she saw her husband humping! Her husband said it was just sex, but he loved Rachel.
Celia wasn't sure if she could muster the courage to leave. She couldn't take the abuse any longer and her mind was made up. She called her friend and waited for the car to arrive. Her bags packed with only the essentials, she left. Celia never looked back and never went back.
Jessica was getting ready to go on a blind date. She had never been on one before. Her friends told her to relax and keep them on speed dial. The day of the date, the person called and cancelled. She ended up going out with her friends and having a blast.
Kelley made a speech for her class. Halfway into it she had to stop. The class did not want it. Therefore Kelley decided it was a mistake. Kelley then went home.
Bailey was an American cat with identity issues. He dreamed of living in England. One day his master was accepted to Oxford University, She told Bailey he was going with her to college. Bailey and his master moved to England and lived a happy life.
Robert went for a walk. He ran into an aggressive dog. He kicked the dog hard and it fell over. Robert returned from his walk and the dog was still there. Robert had killed the dog with his kick.
Emily loved to drive. She had received her driver's licence a week earlier. One day, Emily and a group of friends went for a ride. As Emily drove, one friend distracted her with a funny text message. Emily and her friends were killed in a head on collision.
Cher was given a free Gucci watch but it wasn't her style. She didn't know what to do with it and people told her to sell it. Cher's sister didn't have a lot of nice things and didn't have a job. So she decided to give it to her sister as a Christmas present. That was 19 years ago-Cher's sister has never taken it off ever since.
Jerry was interested in purchasing a new motorcycle. He drove to his local dealership. He saw a Harley Davidson that he really liked. He bought the motorcycle on the spot. He drove his motorcycle home right after.
One night my family had a dinner party. There was lots of food, especially lots of pie! That night I ate way too much pie! Eating so much pie gave me such a belly ache! Next time I will make sure not to eat so much pie!
Jerry wanted to start an apple orchard. He decided to sell his belongings and move to Washington. He bought a piece of land. He began planting seeds. After a few years, the land turned into a prosperous apple orchard.
Sophie's birthday is coming up. She asks her mom if she can have a party. Her mom says no. On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend. When she gets home she walks into a surprise party!
I broke my finger on a safe. I was getting it for a customer. The door was left open. It closed on two fingers. I was yelling.
Tom decided one day to climb the tall mountain. He got his gear and supplies and went out early in the morning. It was rocky and full of trees so the trek up was slow. Near the top he almost fell off a cliff but was able to avoid it. Finally after a few hours of hiking he reached the summit.
Abby learned a difficult dance for her competition. She practiced day at night. When it was time to compete, she nailed it! Every move was flawless. She was so proud when she got first place!
She slammed open the back door. She walked over to the picnic table. Sitting on top of it, she stewed. She mumbled under her breath. She sat there and thought about her next course of action.
Petra suddenly needed some materials for a cushion she was making. She to the hobby store without combing her hair or washing her face. While in the store, Petra saw a former boyfriend in one of the aisles. He noticed her and walked up to chat for a bit. Petra never went to the store again without fixing herself up.
The little boy was failing math. His mom found a tutor. He made a B on his last test. The tutor continued to help. He ended up with an A on his report card.
Brenda dropped her phone and it broke. She knew the phone would be expensive to replace. She looked at all of the options available in her price range. Her new phone was a downgrade from her previous phone. She was happy anyways because she got a new phone.
Laura wanted to start going to the gym together. We looked around and tried to decide which gym we wanted to go to. I told her that a certain gym was bad and she agreed. We were about to give up searching but found a nice one close by. We applied for membership at the nearby gym and now go daily!
Gina was happy she proved her mom wrong. She ate cereal instead of dinner to be spiteful. Her mother refused to acknowledge this. She called Gina to dinner when it was time. Gina yelled as her mother insisted she sit and eat with the family.
Tom and Jim had a huge tree in their backyard. They loved climbing it. But their parents never knew about it. One day, Jim fell off the tree and broke his arm. They were not allowed to climb the tree anymore.
Beth was going home after work on night after dark. She was parked close to the building near the lunch area. As she neared her car she heard rustling and banging. Scared she turned around to see where the sound came from. Beth turned just in time to see a raccoon scurrying into the woods.
Every Sunday my husband takes me out on a date. We have not missed a date in over three years, excluding holidays. One Sunday we both had the flu and had to cancel our plans. He still managed to plan an in-house movie date. I enjoyed myself that night, he made me feel so special.
Several nuns tried to close down a strip club. The nuns filed their case in court. A hearing for both the nuns and club owners was held. Court witnesses shook their heads in disbelief. The judge threw their case out.
Meg loves spaghetti. She also makes the best spaghetti. Every Wednesday we have Italian night at her house. She makes spaghetti and I make a salad. We love Italian night.
Emma's power went out one night. She tried to find her candles in the dark. But all she did was fumble around. Finally she found them in the kitchen drawer. Emma was glad she had been prepared.
Molly is out swimming. Molly swims deep into the ocean. Molly feels something swim near her. A shark begins to attack molly. Molly swims back to shore and survives the attack.
I was driving alone at night once. I thought I saw eyes on the side of the road. A possum ran out in front of my car! I accidentally hit the possum. I vowed to drive more carefully in the future.
Milton has three children. Milton isn't happy with life. He makes a choice. He leaves his kids. He moves away from them never to be seen again.
Dan goes to a corporate party. He can't figure out why everyone is staring at him. He starts to get a little paranoid. Finally Dan's boss tells him that his shirt is inside out. An embarrassed Dan goes to the bathroom and reverses his shirt.
I decided to learn a new language. I picked Yoruba. It was difficult to learn Yoruba without a native speaker to help me. So, I decided to move to Nigeria to find a fluent speaker. I hired a Yoruba tutor and she helped me to master the language.
It was a warm summer day. Laura wanted to go on a cruise near the beach. She got in her car and started to drive. After driving for a few minutes she got a flat tire. She had to call a tow truck in order to get home.
We went to brunch this Easter. My wife found a nearby restaurant and made a reservation. My son came over and drove us. We had a big brunch and a nice dessert. My wife posted photos on Facebook.
Neil was working as a clerk in the mall. One day he saw a customer stealing a sweater. Neil apprehended him on his way out. Shamefaced, the thief confessed and returned the sweater. Neil thought it over and decided not to press charges.
Eric loved hip hop. He learned to rap from listening to hip hop daily. He began to rap in small rap battles in his city. Soon, Eric became well known for being able to rap. He recently won a rap contest to perform as a concert opener.
Andrew went outside to help his brother. Andrew hit his head on aboard. He went inside to show his mother what had happened. She seen it was bleeding just a little. Dominick got himself cleaned up.
Lolita invited me to her grandma's house. I was excited to possibly get home cooked food and cookies. When we pulled up, it was decrepit looked like a haunted house. It was filthy, brown, old and filled with thick spider webs. I was so scared, I faked an emergency and left!
Carl got new shoes. He was excited to show them off. The first day he wore them it rained. He accidentally stepped on a puddle. They ruined the shoes.
The dog was thirsty. The man brought him water. The dog followed the man home. The man fed him. The dog never left the man's side.
We got to the appointment early. We signed in at the desk. We sat down in the waiting room. It took forever to get called back. I ended up giving them a bad review due to the wait.
Donna really likes authentic Mexican tacos on soft corn tortillas. Authentic Mexican tacos are difficult to find though. Donna looks online to find a taqueria (Mexican taco restaurant). She finds one nearby with good reviews and goes there to eat. Donna enjoys her tacos and decides she will return again for more.
Pepe and Lee are both dogs, and George is a curious little kitten. Lee is protective of her bowl, growling at other animals that go near. This happened with George, so George went to investigate Pepe's bowl. Lee growled and chased George away from Pepe's bowl, too! So, really, Lee has two bowls, but she shares one with Pepe.
Amy's friend Erin told her Sara had been making fun of her. Amy walked home slowly thinking her options over. She felt certain Erin was trying to save herself. Amy wanted to know for sure. She decided she would call Sarah to hear her side.
Andra is a chef. She loves to cook for her friends. One day she made chicken and dumplings for her friends. It was delicious and everyone complimented her. Andra was very happy.
I told Frankie to go to the store and get groceries. He put on his jacket and went on his way. After fifteen minutes I heard a knock on the door. I wasn't expecting Frankie for another hour but there he was. When I asked him how he came and went so fast he said he ran!
Ben is going to summer camp. While at camp he meets all roommates. He makes friends with most of them. He spends the summer hanging out and having fun. Ben will never forget his summer at camp.
Michelle liked to eat chicken wings. It was her favorite food. She tried to set a record at the local bar. And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings. She was very sick the next day.
Patrick was very excited about the new racing videogame coming out. He bought it on the first day of its release. But he discovered his PC couldn't handle the game's advanced graphics. He decided to splurge on a new graphics card. After he installed the new card, the game played beautifully.
Tim moved to the midwest. He soon realized the area was prone to get tornadoes. Tim had never experienced them before. He almost lost his life during his first experience. He immediately started saving up money to move away. \
Jim was really into books. He wanted to build a home library. Unfortunately it was too expensive and hard to move. Jim realized he loved reading, not the books himself. He started an e-book collection instead.
Our 2 year old granddaughter has a fish. Her parents usually feed the fish. One day they let her feed it. She gave it too much food and it got sick. Luckily the fish got better after a few days.
She decided it didn't matter. She began to walk away. She stopped, thinking about her decision. She wanted to make the best choice. She nodded solemnly and continued.
Danny was at a friends birthday party for the night. The party was full of boys and girls. Toward the end of the night, they decided to play spin the bottle. Danny's turn was up so he spun the bottle. The bottle pointed in the direction of Sarah, who gave him a big kiss.
The Smith family was a family of political independents. They all had varying views of how the country should be run. Because of the election coming up soon, they got into arguments. The arguments led to the family agreeing to not talk about politics. They have not had an argument since.
Mary noticed the milk jug was empty. She did not feel like going to the grocery store. She asked her husband if he could pick some on his way home from work. He agreed to buy a gallon of skim milk. Mary was happy she didn't have to go to the store.
Tina and her friend Susie wanted to be closer. They decided to make friendship bracelets. Tina thought it was great. When it was done they looked great. They wore them for ten years.
Allen walked through the art gallery with a focused eye. Every now and then he would stop and criticize a painting. He would disparage every work as boring, dull, and unoriginal. Everyone at the gallery felt Allen was harsh and unkind. When he left, the gallery patrons were relieved.
Ken went to a big amusement park. When he went outside he couldn't find his car. The parking lot was massive. Ken looked for a long time. Eventually all other cars left and he could find his easier.
I had a nice trip to Georgia a few weeks ago. It began with a long flight from Denver to Atlanta. After landing in Atlanta, I took a bus to Savannah. After having much fun in Savannah, I took another bus back to Atlanta. After reaching Atlanta, I booked a flight and came back to Denver.
Johnny was a good boy when he started out. He took that job working security for Willie Bodeen. Willie taught him the ways of politics. Johnny saw how it's done. He's not a good man anymore.
Kelsi had a date with Ethan. He picked her up and they went to dinner. At the restaurant they held hands and laughed. At the end of the date they kissed. The date was a success.
Bob was taking a shower. He noticed mold above the shower head. He decided to call a plumber. The plumber gave Bob an estimate. Bob liked the price and hired the plumber.
Joe was hungry. He wanted to try out a new place. He found out about a new place near him. Joe drove to the new place and ordered a meal. Joe enjoyed the food and was no longer hungry.
I made a warm scarf for my mom. She loved it. She wore it every day. Everyone commented on how nice her scarf was. Now I make scarves for everyone else, too.
Jack had been working super hard for weeks. He learned there was a promotion at his work. He tweaked his resume. He sent it in. He got the promotion.
Laura's key stopped working in the door lock. I told her that it was probably just stuck and needed some grease. I bought some WD-40 from the store and sprayed it into the lock. She was skeptical but tried it anyway! Laura's key worked perfectly and she was very happy.
Chad had quite a stressful day at work. Chad decided that he would go on a walk to ease some stress. Along the way, it began to rain  really hard. Unfortunately, Chad got extremely wet while walking. Chad was even more stressed on the walk than he was before.
I rescue and rehabilitate abused birds. My latest rescue is a Sun Conure that had never been out of his cage. He did not know how to fly and his wing muscles were very weak. With lots of encouragement and patience, he learned to fly. When he wants out, he bangs his beak on his cage, so I named Bam Bam.
Mom and dad were about to get off work and thinking about what to eat. Mom said there was nothing to eat at home and sent dad to the store. Dad left the office and ran to the store to find something for dinner. At the store he found a rotisserie chicken that would be perfect! That night, at home with the kids, they enjoyed a quick and easy meal.
Emily had been a cheerleader her whole life. Now that she was an adult, she didn't know what to do for work. She was so passionate about cheerleading, she called her old friend. Her friend suggested she start her own child cheerleading team. She formed her own cheer group from her fellow friends and family.
Oprah was walking across a block. She didn't see any garbage cans and threw paper on the ground. As she continued to walk, several police officers came. They gave her a bill due to littering. They warned her not to do it again.
Chris rolled his ankle playing basketball at school. His mother took him to the doctor. The doctor told him to avoid running for at least two months. Chris only waited a few weeks until the foot felt better. While playing in the game again, he seriously injured himself again.
Lucy and her friends loved getting her friends together for a party. Tonight they decided to have a pizza party. The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies. When they were done, they put them in the oven. After a half hour, the pizzas were golden brown.
After Fran had lost at ring toss, she and Burt tried another game. They had fill a balloon with water from a squirt gun. Fran and Burt began filling their balloons. Fran's balloon burst and soaked them both. Although Burt won, he gave his prize to Fran.
She was addicted to candy. She saw it as a source of love. She was always eating it. She asked for a gift card to a candy store. She received 3 that year.
The man from the KGB climbed in through the balcony window. He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon. He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow. Suddenly he freaked out as his face walked into a spiders web. The guards found him huddled in the corner shaking with fear.
Tom wanted to do something impressive. He went to a local restaurant with an eating challenge. He had to eat a whole pound of cookie in under an hour. He felt sick, but he did it! Now, Tom's name and picture are on the wall.
Lilly is playing with her grandkids. She is trying her best to keep up with them. Lilly starts feeling terrible. She falls to the ground. Lilly is rushed to a hospital she had a stroke.
Allie went to get a perm. She was nervous about it though. When she got it it burned her scalp. Allie screamed. Her hair was ruined.
Sally was happy when her widowed mom found a new man. She discovered her siblings didn't feel the same. Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom's new husband. Although her mom was obviously in love, he was nothing like her dad. Sally went home and wondered about her parents' marriage.
Nate had had a huge fight with his parents. He decided to run away from home. On the streets he realized he had no plans and had to find a shelter. Luckily, they welcomed him in and gave him a meal and a bed. The next day they helped him reunite with his family.
Marie's mom brought home a box of donated clothes. Marie was thrilled to find pretty dresses that were just her size. She put on one of the dresses to wear to school. Marie walked proudly into class wearing the donated dress. Another girl snickered and said that was her old dress.
Anna stayed up late to watch a movie about killers. She dozed off right after it ended. Mid-night, she awoke from a dream of murderers! Anna wished she had not stayed up to watch the scary movie. She vowed not to do anything like that again!
Sam was feeling sick. He went to the doctor. The doctor gave him a blood test. The results indicated that Sam's vitamin E levels were low. The doctor prescribed Sam vitamin E through the pharmacy.
Mary was a breast cancer survivor. She decided to do a fundraiser for breast cancer. Mary got four Zumba instructors to donate their time. She charged people 10 dollars to join for two hours of Zumba. Many people showed up and Mary raised a lot of money.
Sally wanted to do something different. She grabbed the scissors and comb. And started cutting her hair. She then got a razor from the drawer. And shaved herself bald.
Tom needed to get a new front tire. He kept putting it off. ONe day he was driving around when it blew out. Tom almost lost control and crashed. He learned to take better care of his car.
Nicole was playing a game with her friends. The game involved spinning a small wheel and eating jelly beans. Some of the jelly beans had bad flavors. Nicole landed on an earwax flavored jelly bean. It tasted awful.
Mary was totally in love with her boyfriend, John. Mary found herself hoping in her heart that John would propose to her. Mary got a call one day from John asking her to meet him. Mary arrived at the restaurant to find John in a tuxedo at the piano. John sang her a song he had written, in which he proposed to her!
Kelly wanted to get a new hair color. She was not liking her current dark color. So she went to the salon to go blonde. Unfortunately it did not look good. So she had to go back to her original.
Ben got an art assignment. It told him to make a painting using yellow flowers. He went out to the field. He picked flowers. He put them in his work.
Ellen was self-conscious. She was the shortest girl in her class. But then her crush Tom asked her on a date. He said he thought her height was cute and dainty! Ellen was so happy!
Andrea and Kylie were in class. Andrea was attempting to pass a note to Kylie. Suddenly, their teacher spotted them. She made Andrea read the note in front of everyone. Andrea was mortified.
Lola wrote a story intending to fight stereotypes of women. The book was selling fairly well for a self-published title. The readers seemed more interested in the action than the themes. Lola was disappointed that few people were getting her message. Lola used her success to advocate for her causes in other ways.
Ashley was watching a movie with her friend. They were at home in the living room. It was a new release that had just came out. The pair were enjoying the movie very much. It had been as good as the reviews suggested.
Martha was living by herself. She was lonely being by herself. She called up her mother. Her mother came to visit her the next day. Martha felt better in the company of her mother.
Ricky was a habitually bad student. He was always late for class. He never turned in his homework on time. He never told his parents that he was in trouble at school. One day they found out and he was sent away to boarding school.
I was at the mall. And I was disappointed at the last meal I ate. So I ordered a Thai salad wrap somewhere. It was completely massive and stuffed with ingredients. I regret eating all of it.
David was a quiet kid. At school, a lot of kids picked on him. One day, a boy was messing with him and insulting him. He got so mad, he decided to fight back. He punched him in the face and the boy didn't bully him ever again.
A man decided to buy a jump rope to add to his exercise regime. He noticed he got tired after a short time. He found some motivational music that really inspired and fueled him. He was able to skip rope longer while listening to the music. He drastically increased his fitness in large thanks to the music.
Volunteering as a teacher abroad, our school was far from our home. One day's journey was full of complaints from one of the teachers. The food in the country wasn't agreeing with her. At the end of the day, something horrible happened. She pooped her pants and an angry taxi driver had to take us home.
Tom had saved money for months to buy a new truck. On Saturday, he went down to the car lot. He found his dream truck. He negotiated all afternoon. He returned home with his brand new truck!
Victor was the manager of a research and development team. He needed to make a new game controller for a console. He was having issues with the ergonomics of the human hand. Victor's team finally had a breakthrough with a gel palm stalk. Victor's team's product was a huge hit and he ended up with a raise.
Ana was with her mother in a store. She stopped to look at a toy on the shelf. When she looked up, her mother was gone. A stranger found Ana and brought her to the front desk. Ana was reunited with her mother.
Sandy couldn't believe it. Sitting under the tree with a bow around its neck was a puppy. She was so happy. The little puppy and Sandy played all day. Sandy would remember this day forever.
John gave all his money to charity. He couldn't pay his rent. He was kicked out of his apartment. He found himself living on the streets. He was taken in by the homeless shelter that his money paid for.
Danny never finished high school. He was known as the not so smart kid. Danny set out to prove everyone wrong. He eventually finished high school and even went to college. He proved everyone wrong.
Jake was very tired from working a ten hour day. He had to go to his son's school play that night. He was so tired that he didn't know how he was going to stay up. He bought and drank an energy drink on the way home from work. He was then able to stay awake through the entire play.
I borrow a lot of books from the library. But I make my husband return them. I had him return the last book I recently borrowed. The library called and told me that I returned the wrong book. I checked my bookshelf and they were right.
Casper wants a new pair of shorts for his daily runs. He decides to buy a nice new pair. Casper finds the perfect pair of shorts. He loves wearing them. Casper is happy he got a new pair of shorts.
Amy had lost hours at her job. She wasn't making enough money to pay bills. Amy decided to find a new job. Amy typed up a new resume. Pretty soon, Amy had several interviews scheduled.
Carla was playing handball at recess. But she noticed that she forgot her jacket. After school, her jacket was not at the handball court. Carla went to the lost and found. But when she found her jacket, it was dirty and torn.
When Cathy reached home, she decided to check her mailbox. There were the typical bills, along with other junk mail. However, she noticed a pink envelope addressed from her boyfriend. Upon opening, Cathy saw a card with the most beautiful love poem. Cathy was moved to tears by the poem that her boyfriend sent her.
Gina was being good in detention. She wanted to prove she would follow the rules. She hoped the teacher would return her cell phone. At the end of the class she asked the teacher again for her phone. To her surprise the teacher returned her phone to her.
Shelby was under pressure from studying too hard for her finals. The stress caused her to start to get headaches. Shelby finally took her final exams. She was less stressed after the exams. Her headaches subsided.
Tom was desperate for money. He decided to buy a lottery ticket. He prayed before scratching it. Tom did not win. It hurt his spirit.
Beth was going to church with her grandmother. Her family wasn't religious so it was her first time. She liked the church and the congregation very much. After 3 hours Beth was tired, hungry, and wanted to go home. Beth happily rode home while telling her grandmother she liked church.
Rick was in the yard playing. Daddy arrived and gave Rick a shiny new ball. The ball was half as tall as Rick. Rick ran and jumped on the ball, but he fell. Rick cried when daddy took the ball away.
Ken came home from work one night to an alarming sight. His kitchen window was totally smashed! He called the cops, but luckily, it didn't look a robbery. The cops said a young kid might've broken the window playing ball. Ken was mad- but at least glad he hadn't been robbed!
Tom bought a new hat. He wore it everywhere he went. One day he was driving with friends. They rolled down the window and a strong wind gust hit. Tom's hat was flown out the window.
Elizabeth's friends went to Florida and asked her to watch their dog. Elizabeth loved, Drake, the dog and agreed to watch him. She let Drake outside to handle his business one chilly morning. Elizabeth began to worry when he didn't return in fifteen minutes. After searching for an hour, Elizabeth found Drake's body in a field.
Before driving my mom to work I had to get gas for the truck. We stopped at the gas station but it was full! I had to wait about 5 minutes to get to a pump. After getting to a pump I got gas as usual. My mom was very nervous about being late but it went fine!
Kimmy loved to bake. Today she was trying a new recipe for a party: chocolate cheesecake! She carefully followed all the instructions and put it in the oven. It cracked just a tiny bit, so she covered it with raspberries. No one ever knew, and everyone said it was delicious!
The couple went on a date. The man tried to pay. The woman grabbed the check. She insisted on paying. The man felt frightened at her forward gesture.
Tom was on vacation. He got home to find it on fire. Everything burned down. Luckily Tom had good insurance. He was able to get a lot of money back.
Mary opened the fridge. She wanted to make scramble eggs for breakfast. One egg accidentally fell to the floor. She had to clean it. She found out she would not have enough eggs to make breakfast.
Laura had a really old chair. She wanted to fix it up. She bought paint from the hardware store. She sprayed paint all over the chair. The chair looked sparkling new afterwards.
Kay was starting her new job at the bakery. She was not good at baking, so she was nervous! She hoped they would not fire her for incompetence. Then she learned that they wanted her to work the register. Kay was relieved to have a job she was good at!
Conner was driving his car through the neighborhood. Suddenly, a dog ran out in front of his car. Conner quickly slammed on his brakes. He stopped only inches away from the dog. Connor felt very lucky that he stopped in time to not hit the dog.
Henry was driving to his reunion party. He put the address of the place into his GPS. After several minutes, the GPS told him that he arrived. When Jon looked outside, nobody was here. He realized that he entered the wrong address.
Kate's mom had dropped her off at a friend's house. Her mom was supposed to pick her up at 7. At 8 Kate found out she couldn't come to get her. It was too far for her to walk home. A terrified Kate had no idea how she was going to get home.
Kiley was playing soccer at lunchtime in school. She was really into the game one day and leapt for the ball. When she landed in the grass, a huge green grass stain appeared. The stain was on her jeans and they were completely ruined. Kiley decided that she didn't mind though, because the color was nice.
My first dog was stolen. My parents decided to buy me a new one. We named him Bruno. Bruno was hyper and always made a mess. He became my best friend.
Josh had a paper due at the end of the week. He had a lot going on. Josh knew he wouldn't be able to finish the paper in time. Josh talked to his professor. Josh's professor gave him an extension.
One of my daughter's high school friends got addicted to oxycontin. She was 19 and had dropped out of college. She was so addicted she stole money from her mom and aunt. She checked into a rehab center under threat of arrest. She has been clean for five years now.
I visited the beach when I was five years old. I tried to pick up an egg I saw in the sand. When I did so, a big seagull began swooping at my head. It was the mother bird, and she was very angry with me. I ran as fast as I could to get away.
Susie's friend was on this new diet. So Susan decided she wanted to try it also. When she tried it however she found it hard. There were not a lot of foods she could eat. Susie then felt rather sad about it and quit.
Travis needed to have his bed just right. He needed three fluffy pillows at each time. He fluffed them just right each night. He didn't like traveling because he couldn't bring his pillows. Nothing could keep Travis away from his pillows!
Tucker loved to wear chains. He believed that they added to his beauty. One day, he found an amazing chain. It was very expensive but he loved it. Now, Tucker wears his favorite chain every day.
Michelle liked to have funky hairdos. She decided she would like to braid it this time. She put dozens of tiny braids into her hair. She felt beautiful and exotic. She got lots of compliments on her new look!
Jim was sitting in class. But he kept imagining being somewhere else. When his teacher asked him a question, Jim shrugged his shoulders. And he was sent to the principal's office. While in the principal's office, Jim imagined being somewhere else.
Ivy's best friend was getting married. Ivy threw her a bridal shower. At first, she was overwhelmed by all the planning. But gradually, everything came together. Ivy's party turned out to be wonderful and well-planned!
New neighbors moved in across the street from Sally. They were loud and obnoxious at all hours. One day, Sally had enough and called the police. The police showed up and had a long talk with the neighbors. From then on, the neighbors were better behaved.
Hannah started to type her research paper. Since it was a rough draft, she didn't correct her grammar errors. After an hour, she managed to type 500-600 words. Her mom caught her sleeping in front of her laptop. Since she didn't have time to revise the paper, she kept the draft.
Alexa Raye used to get mistaken for being a man. She got tired of it so she grew her hair long. Unfortunately, she still got mistaken for a man. So now when people mistaken her as a man, she doesn't correct them. Alexa Raye now thinks it's funny that people thinks she looks manly.
Glen was hired to design the exterior of a building. He went home and designed a very ambitious design. He took it to the company and they loved it. They began construction on Glen's design. After the building was done, Glen received a lot of attention.
Matt took a sick kitten he just found to the vet. They had to remove her eyes because they were badly infected. Matt offered to help her learn how to get around while blind. Slowly but surely she learned how to navigate through touch and sound. Eventually she could get around almost as well as a regular cat!
Lisa got a new toothbrush. But she noticed that it was harder than her old one. She began to brush her tooth and noticed blood. Lisa's gums began to ache. Lisa always bought soft toothbrushes from then on.
Joy was supposed to meet her mom for lunch. They agreed on the Italian place. She was there on time and waited and waited. Finally she called her mother. She was waiting at a different Italian place.
Carl had three kids and a wife. Today the family was headed to family fun day. They went to the park to enjoy the day together. They packed a nice lunch and a few games/ It only took Carl 20 minutes to remember how much he hates his life.
Tom was trying to pick out clothes. He had trouble finding anything he wanted to wear. He also noticed his closet was really full. Tom decided to get rid of a lot of his old clothes. It freed up a lot of closet space.
Olga wanted to get a suntan. She stretched a towel out in her backyard. Then she applied tanning lotion. She spent the afternoon laying in the sun. In a few hours she had a nice dark tan!
Larry was looking through the cereal box. He eventually poured it all out. His dad asked him what he was doing. Larry said he was looking for the prize. His dad said he had already taken it.
The waiter handed Jeff the bill. He gave his credit card to her so she can process the payment. She left for a moment and came back quickly. She told him that there's no balance on the card. Therefore, Jeff had to wait for his parents to pay the bill.
A large cloud formed in the sky over Ben's workplace. The cloud darkened and rain fell hard on the ground. A large puddle formed in a patch of grass. Ben saw this puddle and ran towards it. He lept into the air and splashed down in the puddle.
The kid got a new video game for his birthday. It was a game where the players shot zombies. His parents said it was too scary for him. They took the game away before he could play. The kid was so mad!
My family from New York arrived in front of our house. I helped them unpack their belongings into my house. While I picked up a suitcase, Ben jumped on my back. He ended up spraining my spine. I had to rest flat on my bed until a doctor came.
My cousin had gotten sick eating spaghetti. He threw up all over my bedroom. The next day my parents took us to an italian restaurant. They ordered me spaghetti. They didn't understand why I couldn't eat it.
Kimmy wanted to buy tickets for herself for a concert. She didn't have enough money to buy her own, though. Her rent was due in a week. She made extra money on Amazon Mechanical Turk. She made enough money for the concert.
Libby's boss is horrible. Her name is Freda, and she is very demanding. Freda demanded Libby clean the bathroom one day! Every time Freda would come and check on her work, Libby would scowl. Freda couldn't understand why no one liked her.
My cat was scratching at his ears more frequently than usual. I also found that there was discharge coming out of his ears. I took him to the veterinarian so he could take a look. He said the cat had ear mites so he gave him medicine. My cat feels much better now.
Chaz wanted to join the army. He went to the army depot to inquire. They sent him for a physical. When he passed, they gave him some interviews. Then they told him he was welcome into the army!
Stanley finds it difficult to stay awake at work. When he is working on his reports, he sometimes falls asleep. Today, Stanley starts dozing off as his boss walks by. His boss tells him that he must never fall asleep at work again. Stanley starts bringing coffee to work to stay awake.
Dean Little was an eighth grade English teacher. He took his students to see a play in the city. Twenty four students went into the theater, but only 22 came out. The police got involved to help locate the kids. They were found in the arcade two blocks away.
Thor had a problem with drugs. He decided it was time to quit. He signed up for meetings and went every night. They helped him overcome his addiction. Pretty soon Thor was clean and sober!
I was at the movie theater the other day. At the theater they had a claw machine. I tried to play the claw machine to win a stuffed bear. I tried so many times to win that bear, but I never did. I hope I win the bear the next time I go.
Pam received a call that her in-laws were dropping by to visit. In a frenzy, she went around the house cleaning. She hid the unwashed baby bottles in the oven. She forgot about them after the chaos of the visit. Later, when she went to preheat the oven, they all melted!
Jake felt like he needed to prove himself to his friends. So he booked a trip for an African Safari. He camped out in the woods alone. He did not listen to the precautions given to him by his guide. Since his tent was not properly closed, her got bitten by a snake.
Yesterday I had to go grocery shopping. When it was time to check out I got in line. The register broke when it was my turn in line. I was forced to go to the back of another line. A nice cashier came to apologize and helped me check out.
I broke a guitar string. Unfortunately, I was playing in front of a crowd. I waved to the band to stop playing. When they did a couple of crowd members booed. That's when the drummer started soloing.
Sandra always wore a pointy hat at school. She felt it made her look like a witch and liked it. But all the other kids made fun of her for it. So she decided to prove them wrong. She threatened to change them into toads and they stopped.
Joe was desperate to get to Disney world, but he was worried. His parents had said they might not be able to afford the trip yet. They might have to wait another year, when Joe would be nine. But then on his birthday, they handed him a surprise package. In it were three tickets - to Disney World!
Tina walked into her English class as normal. Yet she saw everyone clean their desks. The teacher announced a pop quiz. Tina froze. She has no idea what to do.
Tom Brady is the quarterback for the New England Patriots. He is suspended for the first four games of the 2016 NFL season. The Patriots were expected to lose Sunday's opener against Arizona. Arizona was at home and the Pats had an untested qb under center. It didn't matter, the Patriots pulled off the upset.
Ken was trying to sneak around with friends. They found an open field to play in. Ken was the first to try and jump the fence. He got a big shock. Ken realized the fence was electrified and moved on.
Tina was at the bar. She went to the bathroom. When she got out she noticed a lot of guys staring at her. She thought it was because she looked good. A friend told her she had toilet paper on her shoe.
Josh excused himself to the bathroom at school. He stayed in the bathroom drawing all over the walls. The next day the principal called Josh into the office. Josh's teacher had reported he was gone for a long time. Josh admitted to doing the drawings.
Max was trying to buy a soda. He put his money in and pressed the buttons. Somehow his drink got caught and he wasn't able to get it. His money wasn't refunded either. He had to really bug someone in charge to get them to fix that.
The "Check Engine" light came on one day in Chad's car. Chad ignored it. He drove the car around for a week. The engine started smoking! Chad finally had to take the car to the shop.
Melissa drove to the local computer shop to see what they had. As she walked in the door, the clerk on staff greeted her. They walked around while Melissa asked a number of questions. In about 30 minutes, she decided on a mid-range desktop. She paid the cashier and left the store with the computer in hand.
Anna had never had kids of her own. She'd always wanted them, so she decided to foster. She took in two foster children. Soon she found herself busy with homework and grades and cartoons. Anna felt that her life was finally full!
Steve and his wife were going camping. His wife had never been before. They setup their tent at the campsite. They had a blast that night making s'mores and talking. After the trip was over they both agreed that it was a good time.
Tom sweat more than most people. Tom's girlfriend joked about how much he sweats. Tom took 3 showers per day to counteract the sweating. Tom was a very clean person because of his hygeine. Tom lived a healthy life with regular showers.
Tom moved to a small town. He looked for a church he liked. Tom went to several. Most of the preachers he ran into were crazy. Tom decided not to go to church anymore.
I had a goal to chest curl one hundred pounds at the gym. When I made the goal I was curling about eighty pounds. I trained hard at it for a few months and ate healthy foods. I also got plenty of sleep and drank protein shakes. Within a few months I was chest curling over one hundred pounds.
Kate had a fierce craving for chocolate. She searched the house for sweets. Every place she had stashed candy was empty. Kate went to the store and bought more chocolate. As she ate her treat she decided to hide the rest better next time.
Kenny used the bathroom. The toilet was clogged after he used it. When his mom saw the bathroom, the toilet was flooding. She tried to clean it. However, the water couldn't stop leaking.
Cathy received a bright yellow winter coat for her birthday. Cathy loved the design, as well as the fit of the coat. However, Cathy had one issue with the coat. Cathy absolutely hated the color of the coat. Cathy decided she would exchange the coat for another color.
There was a house with large trees. The branches were rotting. The owner decided he needed to trim it. He hired a guy to come cut the branches. His house was lucky he did, a big storm came the next month.
Jack needed a new phone. He finally found the one he wanted. He ordered it online. When the phone came in, it was broken. Jack was extremely disappointed.
Yesterday was my mom's birthday. She turned another year older. My brother and I wanted to treat her special. We bought her new shoes and made her a tasty dinner. She was very appreciative.
Andrew played catch with his son in their backyard. He threw the ball forcefully overhead. To his surprise, it went much farther than he expected. His son marveled at his father's strength. Andrew felt proud before running to retrieve the ball.
The class went to the zoo. Their teacher gave them an assignment. They had to classify animals. The students hated it. They decided to fail their classwork.
Jim did not want his friends to know that he liked pop music. So he only listened to it in private. But one of his friends found his mp3 player. And Jim was embarrassed. Jim stopped started t-shirts with metal bands to school.
Timmy had just turned two. He crawled liked a spider across the ragged carpet. He gained speed as he approached the couch. He gave a yelp and hoisted himself up. With sure determination, Timmy took his first steps.
Simon invited his friend Joey over for a play-date. He was looking forward to playing Minecraft with his friend. Right before Joey arrived, the internet went out. Simon tried resetting the router, but it didn't help. Simon and Joey played outside until the router was back online.
There is a wildlife reservation in my hometown. I went there for a class assignment. People put food out for birds. I walked down a trail. Then I saw thousands of them.
The alarm clock beeps. Sara jumps out of bed and runs downstairs for breakfast. She eats a bowl of cereal and grabs her homework. Her mom packs her a lunch for the day. Sara runs out the school bus to go to school.
Jason was invited to apple picking with Lara. Lara picked Jason up in her car. They drove to the orchard. Together, they picked many apples. It was a fun day.
I set out to walk to the bank yesterday. The shortest route was blocked because the road was closed. I had to walk three blocks out of my way. I finally arrived at the bank. I discovered a more scenic route home.
Mister Glick was a glutton for donuts. He ordered a dozen glazed donuts to eat before lunchtime. On his sixth donut, Mister Glick felt a pain in his chest. He was having a heart attack. While in the ambulance, Mister Glick grabbed another donut to eat.
Ronald went hiking with his father. Several miles into the trail, they came upon a felled tree. It was a massive oak. Ronald's father pointed at all the rings found on the tree stump. He explained that you can find out the tree's age by counting them.
Yesterday I got a new rooster for my farm. He was the biggest rooster I had ever seen. This morning when the sun came up the rooster was very loud. The rooster woke me up. I decided not to get any big roosters in the future.
Melody's parents surprised her with a trip to the big aquarium. Melody took a nap during the two hour car ride to the aquarium. When they arrived, Melody was energetic and excited. At the aquarium Melody saw sharks, tropical fish and many others. After five hours at the aquarium, Melody and her family drove home.
Lily's parents celebrated their 20th wedding anniversary. They had a big celebration at a fancy restaurant, with lots of guests. Lily's parents smiled and chatted during the party. Many of the party guests called them the perfect couple. Less than a week after the party, Lily's father filed for divorce.
Tim was on a road trip. The van broke down halfway through. The price to fix it was more than Tim could afford. He decided to stay locally and get a job. He never moved back out.
Brad was on a date. he was very nervous about it. He booked  a table and started waiting. 30 minutes in and she still has not showed up. He got stood up.
Larry's Dell monitor had a huge spiderweb crack in the screen. He looked on Ebay for a replacement for it. All the ones he saw were very pricey. Larry disassembled the monitor and checked the panel's part number. He decided it'd just be cheaper to buy a new, used one anyway.
Harry wanted to be a superhero for halloween. His mom took him to the store to buy a costume. He was sad to see that the costumes were all sold out. His mom showed him a ninja costume. Harry thought it was great and decided to be a cowboy.
James had an upcoming trip to Canada in a week. As a hurricane was approaching, he hid his passport to keep it safe. However, after the storm passed he completely forgot where it was! He strip searched his apartment without any luck. Luckily, his girlfriend called and said she found it at her house!
The pitcher took his stance. He took the baseball and tossed it at the batter. Before the ball got close, the batter caught a cramp on his leg. He accidentally kicked the catcher. The refs had to call a timeout afterwards.
Lisabeth woke up in the middle of the night with stomach pains. She was up most of the night and could not sleep. In the morning she decided to go to the Emergency Room. The doctors did lots of tests to find out what was wrong. Lisabeth was rushed into emergency surgery to remove her appendix.
Shane wanted to learn to gamble for his 21st birthday. He took a trip to Las Vegas. He visited many casinos playing many different games. He ended up losing all of his money. Shane no longer has an interest in gambling.
Jane was excited for the weekend's concert. She planned to go with her crush. The day of the show she showed up early. Her date met her there and she had a great time. She likes the band and her crush more now.
Katelyn was driving on the highway. Suddenly, a deer jumped out in front of her. She swerved and hit a wall. She was dazed for a moment but then realized her hood was on fire. She yelled and quickly climbed out of the vehicle.
A band called Tomorrow's Sunrise was practicing for a gig. They just couldn't get the harmonies right in one of their songs. No matter what they did, it just sounded wrong. They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss. It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis.
Graham had been missing his favorite book for weeks. One day he was at his friend's house playing. As he dug through some toys, he spotted his book. Graham confronted his friend who admitted to stealing it. Luckily Graham was able to forgive his friend.
Kris was at the beach with friends. They brought a beach ball to play with. They all tossed it around. Kris hit it too far out to sea. The ocean eventually took it away.
Amy worked from home and had a question. She asked in the chat room and waited for a response. The supervisor was helping someone else with a complex issue. After 20 minutes she helped Amy. Amy kept her caller informed of the delay and avoided escalation.
Jerry wants to be born again. He wants to be baptized. His friends take him to church. Jerry gets dipped into the water. Jerry is baptized.
Amy wore her new watch to school on Monday. It was a nice watch, but it wasn't he one she wanted. Her friend Beth ran up to see if she had gotten the watch. She showed Beth the one she had instead. Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted.
Joe was combing the beach for perfect shells. His sister kept picking up small shells with holes in them. He thought that was a big waste of time. Then that night she had on a pretty seashell necklace. She had used the holes to string them together.
The teacher made a message to the class. He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes. While he was speaking, I checked my schedule. The database states that all of my classes were dropped. Before freaking out, I went to the registration's office.
I got an email from work. I opened the email. It said I was moving departments. I deleted the email. I found another job.
George lived in Oregon and marijuana had recently become legal. He decided to try his hand at making his own edibles. His first few attempts failed miserably, burning or just not cooking. Finally, he seemed to have the perfect batch made. He tried it and to his delight, the edibles worked.
Susie loved to eat hot dogs. She decided to grill out for her family. She bought all the ingredients. She invited her family over for a cookout. They all had a great time.
Tonya decided to have a cookout for all of her friends and family. However, Tonya wasn't good at grilling. Despite this, she still grilled hamburgers. However, she noticed no one was eating their food. Tonya had not cooked the meat long enough and the patties were raw.
John invited a new friend over for dinner. He tried a new spice with the meal. The dish was very spicy. His guest commented on how the food was too spicy. Bill learned to never try a new recipe when cooking for others.
Jill loved going to Florida. She spent all the time she could at the beach. Her last trip, she fell asleep on her towel. When she woke up, she thought it was a dream. THe beach was a special place to her.
The kids were out exploring. They found a cave deep in the woods. The shined their flashlights inside of it. They saw something with fur and teeth. They ran as fast as they could!
Megan was throwing a party for her husband. It was going to be a surprise! She invited all his closest friends. They hid in the garage. When he came home, they jumped out and yelled for him.
Bill had been dating Laura for a year. He knew he wanted to marry her. He went to the jewelry store and bought a ring. He took her to dinner and popped the question. She said yes.
Rene decided to cook a special meal for her boyfriend. The boyfriend's favorite meal was meatloaf. Rene went to the store to buy the meatloaf ingredients. At home, Rene prepared the meatloaf and baked it. Rene and her boyfriend had a nice meal together.
Mindy worked in an office. She was responsible for making the coffee in the morning. Mindy noticed that the coffee was running low. She bought some coffee on her way to the office. The office reimbursed her purchase.
Marcia went to Italy with her family one summer. Marcia really wanted to buy an Italian mask while she was there. Every store Marcia went to that sold masks did not have any she liked. Finally, after searching for days, Marcia found a mask and bought it. When she returned home to America, Marcia wore the mask that Halloween
Danny decided to go to church for the first time. He looked at the churches in his area and picked a Christian church. He listened to the sermon and immediately felt changed. He accepted Jesus into his heart that day. Danny was baptized two weeks later at the same church.
Kelly was interviewing for her dream job at a tech company. Her interview was in ten minutes but she was stuck in traffic. She honked and tried to pass the slow cars in front of her. She saw the reason for the traffic was a stray dog stuck on the road. Rather than get to her interview, she stopped and rescued the dog.
Samantha felt terrible at work. Her head felt like it was splitting wide open. She requested to take the day off because of her headache. She drove home and took a hot shower. She took an advil and fell asleep.
The couple went to the beach. It was their honeymoon. They found a good spot. They spent a lot of time at the beach. They really liked the trip.
I woke up this morning worried about my project deadline. I thought about it all day. I was worried I would not get it done on time. I finally decided to work on the project! It was close, but I completed it on time!
Sasha was in her history class. Suddenly, there was an announcement to go outside. Outside, she saw a horrific crash scene. She watched as emergency services arrived and began to help. Finally, her teacher revealed that it was all fake for a lesson.
My roommate always uses all the hot water. She gets up an hour before me and always takes long showers. I have been taking cold showers before work for a year now. I nicely asked her to hurry up in the shower. She she she would be better and the very next day she was.
Jerry ate at a new restaurant. That night he started to feel sick. Eventually he wound up throwing up and getting dizzy. He had to go to the hospital. Jerry had a minor case of food poisoning.
Tom bought a new pair of pants at the mall. They were really expensive but he liked them. The next day at school someone was wearing similar pants. They were close enough to look identical. Tom regretted his purchase.
One night Danny took out his mother's car. It was a little sports car Danny liked to speed in. A police car turned on its light behind Danny. Danny drove away and parked at a parking lot. He hid under the car until the policeman walked away.
Noel was in her bathroom when she began to smell smoke. She went to investigate and found smoke and a fire. She couldn't get out of her house because the path was blocked. Luckily a fireman arrived to help her then. She barely made it out safely.
Alyssa tried to get into the bus. But as soon as she stepped in she lost control of her leg. She fell face first onto the ground. She tried to get up but she couldn't. And everyone else on the bus looked at her weird.
Libby wanted to try to use the edger. It was a simple task. But she kept scraping the driveway. She had trouble on the turns. But she finally got the hang of it.
Calvin was swimming the Florida ocean. He was enjoying himself when suddenly he felt weird. Something was sucking him out to open ocean. He tried to remember everything about riptides. Luckily he just relaxed and was able to wait for a rescuer.
Michael found a dog in the street. He decided to take him back home with him. He gave him a bath. Then he posted a picture of the dog on Facebook to find him an owner. An old lady adopted the dog.
Molly's teacher gave the class a leaf collection assignment. Molly forgot about the assignment until the day before it was due. She looked forlornly around her tree-bare neighborhood. Then, Molly got an idea. She went to a nursery and secretly plucked leaves from every tree.
Norma was not getting much sleep. Every night her twin babies seemed to be playing a game of sleep tag. Just as she got one to sleep, the other would wake up screaming mama! And just as that one went to sleep the other would awaken. They seemed to be conspiring to keep her from getting any sleep.
Tom wanted to call his friend using skype. Tom tried to make the call. Tom's friend could not hear Tom. Tom's microphone was broken. Tom bought a new microphone and called his friend back.
Sandra was not a fan of cheerleaders or pep rallies. She was forced to attend one at school anyway. Sandra tried her best to sneak away. She made it pretty far before the teachers caught her. Sandra got suspended for one week.
Max had been asking for a pet for years. He had got all the information about pet ownership together. When he had all the information he asked his parents. They couldn't argue because he had shown such maturity with asking. Max went to the humane society and pick a little dog and named him Bo.
Cory was camping with his friends. The night was cold, so they lit a fire. Soon after, they were awakened by a fire in their tent! A spark from the fire had ignited the tent. Cory wished he had built the fire farther away.
Allie loved designer bags. But she hated spending the money. So she went to the outlet store. Unfortunately it was all bad quality. Allie was not sure about buying things there.
Chris notices that it is harder for him to see distant objects. He thinks he might need glasses. Chris gets a pair of glasses. Now he can see very well. Chris is glad that he can see distant objects easily now.
My favorite hairdresser was about to leave. I was upset that she was going to another salon. I was going to have to see someone else. I was not looking forward to it. As a result I went to another salon.
Beth was driving with her boyfriend in his new car. He wanted to show her how fast it could go. Suddenly, he lost control. He scraped his new car on against a wall, and Beth was hurt. Beth decided she was going to be single for a while.
Joe had trouble paying attention in class. The teacher tried to make class interesting. Joe still fell asleep everyday. Then, the teacher threatened to call Joe's father. After that Joe always paid attention.
The band was ready to play a gig in a patio of the pub. Suddenly the electricity went off. The pub owner tried to fix it. It did not work. The group played acoustically.
Bob's parents promised him a surprise if he got good grades. They went to the pet store. Bob saw a black and white puppy that he liked. Bob adopted the puppy and named him Spot. Bob and Spot are best friends.
Terry had a very expensive habit. She would do a lot of coin collecting. She would often spend her entire check on a single item. She forgot to pay rent one day and was evicted. Terry had to sell her coin collection on the corner for some cash.
When Sam signs up for an online dating site he gets no response. He is really depressed about not getting any replies. Sam's friend makes a fake profile and pretends to be attracted to Sam. Sam starts to fall for the person in the fake profile. Sam's friend has no choice but to tell Sam the truth.
Amy hadn't slept well. She slept on the couch with a full stomach. She was as tired as if she hadn't slept at all. She poured coffee into a water bottle and tried to sneak out. Her mother saw her and yelled at her for drinking coffee.
Todd's old computer ended up dying on him last year. After doing a lot of research on laptops, he decided on one to buy. He received the laptop in the mail two days after buying it online. Todd really likes his new computer. Hopefully this computer lasts longer than the old one did.
I was hanging out at night alone. I heard a phone ring and answered it. My friend invited me over late at night. I drove out to his place. We hung out and ate lasagna and watched tv.
Cool C was a hip hop artist from Philadelphia. He enjoyed a successful music career for about 5 years. In the early 1990's, he robbed a bank and killed a police officer. He was found guilty and sentenced to death. His execution was scheduled for January 2016 and he may be dead.
I was working on a spreadsheet. I had to calculate an average value. The value wasn't what I expected. After many hours, I realized I misplaced a value in the sheet. I learned that I should double check my work.
Brady was the school's best pointer. But one day he got the flu, but decided to hide it. Soon his whole team was sick and he was the only one at practice. The couch found out it was him, and sent him home to get well. But he was already well, so he practiced at home.
My thumb hurt so bad. The ball hit it when we were playing basketball. I put ice over it to decrease the swelling and pain. The pain and swelling went away. I massaged it with medicinal oil when i got home.
Jake was playing football at school. During practice, he ran for the ball and was trampled. He felt his leg snap. Jake could not move and was carried off the field. Jake broke his leg in two places and cannot play football.
John was depressed because his girlfriend had broken up with him. It was over a month ago but he couldn't forget about it. He decided to take his dog to the dog park. While he was there a very pretty girl started talking to him. He ended up asking her out on a date.
Jerry brought his wife a red rose. She smiled and put it in the center of the dinner table. At dinner, the couple didn't say much to each other. That night they slept silently by each other's side. In the morning, the rose had wilted.
Johnny was told not to run out front door during winter. His mother told him it could be icy and he could slip and get hurt. Johnny did not listen to hit mother and ran anyway. He slipped as he ran out the door and hurt his arm. Johnny did not run out the door anymore.
On my way to the store, I saw a woman on the ground. I quickly ran to the lady and checked if she was still conscious. The lady was unresponsive, I started to do cpr on the woman. after 5 minutes of cpr, she started to gasp for air. the lady was awake and thanked me for my help
John loved looking at anime. In particular, he enjoyed Japanese anime. His favorite was Cowboy Bebop. He started watching the third episode for the umpteenth time. When he finished, he started on the fourth episode.
Kate was having a wedding. She got a friend to help with flowers. The friend messed up the dates. None of kate's arrangements came out right. Kate felt really let down.
Tony was eating sushi at lunch. And people made fun of him because he was Asian. Afterwards, he decided to eat what everyone else was eating. But he missed eating sushi. Tony decided to eat sushi away from anyone's sight.
Tom's apartment started to smell bad. He noticed it was coming from his trash-can. He had just changed out the bag. Tom realized something spilled in it and created the smell. Tom had to wash the trash can.
Jimmy was ready for his first basketball game on the school team. He watched most of the game from the bench. His coach called Jimmy and told him to take Steve's place. Jimmy finally got to go into the game. Jimmy scored eight points in his time playing.
The boys were moving the furniture across the house. Ted and Dan were both carrying one leg of the table. One of the legs ended up breaking. In addition, the table broke into pieces. Bill had to repackage the table and request a refund.
Kevin supported a presidential candidate. He donated money. They sent him a sign. He put it up outside. People took notice of it.
Lola took a ballet class. She did very well in it. Then she invited her mom to her recital. Her mom came, eager to watch Lola dance. Lola performed very well at the recital!
Greta was having trouble sleeping. She tried drinking herbal tea. She even took a hot bath. Finally, she gave up and turned on the television. The infomercial did the trick, putting her to sleep immediately!
Sally's mom told her she was going to get a brother. Sally was excited to be a big sister. She told he mom she would help babysit. One night Sally mom went to the ER. The next Sally had her baby brother.
My boyfriend quit his job today. When I asked him why, he said he had other opportunities. I asked him which opportunities he was talking about. He told me he could either sell weed or become a drywall hanger. I think I need a new boyfriend.
Clem made a silly face at his baby. His baby laughed with glee. Clem made a sillier face. His baby laughed some more. Clem's wife smacked him, and everyone stopped laughing.
Dad let me plant a flower. It grew very quickly. I made sure to water it every day. Now there is a bunch of them. He says I have a green thumb.
Ava's sister said she should try yoga. Ava was always stressed, and her sister thought yoga would help. Ava was skeptical but agreed to try it. She went to the yoga class with an open mind. After, she had to admit the class had relaxed her a great deal.
The dogs were chained up. But that didn't stop them from leaping at Gina. She filled their bowls quickly. Then ran to the gate and closed it. She was happy to have finished the chore.
I decided to grow some onions in a garden. I planed the seeds and watered them. The next day I checked to see if anything grew. Absolutely nothing had grown since the day before. So I decided to simply buy onions at the store.
Mary was on her way to class one day when she met a handsome boy. They struck up a conversation, but parted ways when Mary reached class Mary thought a lot about this boy during the next few days. Sitting at a coffee shop near campus, she ran into the same boy. To her delight, they exchanged phone numbers and planned a date.
Lisa's daughter, Kim, was diagnosed with ADHD. And her doctor recommended medication. And Lisa agreed with the doctor's recommendation. But the medication made Kim very depressed. And eventually, a psychiatrist recommended medication for that too.
George was nervous about going to school. He had never been away from his mom for a long time like that. His mom tried to make him feel more comfortable but it didn't help. When it was time to go to school George saw his teacher. She looked so nice that he forgot he was even scared to begin with.
Bill sold oranges. He sold them on the street. One day a car came and smashed his orange basket. All of the oranges were destroyed. However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges.
Janet loved cooking food. She decided to open a restaurant. She was horrible with money and business matters. She ran out of money before she ever opened. The business venture had to be cancelled completely.
Skip was a young man in his teenage years. He decided to go to the county fair. He met a beautiful young girl named Mary. She had brown hair and green eyes. Together Skip and Mary went around on the Carousel.
Jess was at school. And it was a cold day. So she bought coffee from a coffee vending machine. But during class, Jess' stomach felt awful. Now she knew why the coffee was only 50 cents.
All of the competitors were lined up on the starting block. Terry was one of them. Terry waited for the gunshot. The shot rang out and Terry was off like lightning. Terry won the race in a photo finish.
Fred has been driving for hours and needs to rest. He begins to look for a place to park his car. Finally he finds a vacant parking space. He can just barely fit his car into the space. Now with his car parked, Fred can rest.
Jacob went on a blind date. He was so nervous that he couldn't stop fidgeting. When he arrived at the restaurant, he thought of going back home. Instead, he took a deep breath and went to meet his date. After a wonderful meal, they decided to see each other again.
Maryann loves bees. She makes sure to leave flowers around her porch for them. If she sees a weak bee, she feeds it sugar water. Bees keep her yard beautiful. Maryann keeps the bees happy.
Manny lost his pet dog. He considered him his best friend. He looked for him forever. Manny even put up signs and offered rewards. His dog never returned.
Jeff is planning a wedding! He is happy but was shocked by how much money this costs. Jeff gets a part time job to assist with paying for the wedding. After the wedding is over Jeff discovers he likes working two jobs. Jeff continues to work two jobs and makes a lot of money!
Juan and Maria went to an amusement park one Saturday. The park was full of people and it was a hot day. They rode roller coasters, spinning rides, and the log flume. They shared a funnel cake with ice cream and drank fresh lemonade.`. They went home happy with their day, sharing laughter and stories.
Johnny loved to listen to rock music. He would listen to it very loud when he would go jogging. One day johnny was listening to his favorite song. He had the volume up as loud as it would go. Johnny didn't see a truck that hit him and sent him to the hospital.
Barbara was a hairdresser with a horrible haircut. She wondered constantly why she never had any clients. One day on her sister's insistence, she got a haircut. After that the clients started pouring in. Now Barbara has to put clients on waiting lists because she's so busy.
Tyler watched a lot of movies. Tyler watched all genres of movies. He became so infatuated that he began to write his own movies. He wrote and reworked his movies. Now he is actually producing his first movie.
Several security guards arrived at Tim's jail cell. After talking to him for a couple of minutes, they opened the cell. Tim skipped out of the cell in laughter. However, he was disappointed since no one wanted to see him. He stood outside of the prison for the rest of the day.
My boyfriend and I were looking forward to grilling for dinner. We went to the store to buy fish and veggies. When we got home we noticed that fish had a weird smell. Not trusting it, we threw it away. We decided to call in pizza.
Cora wanted to blow a bubble with her gum. She chewed and blew. Her brother came and explained how to do it. Cora tried one more time. She blew a huge gum bubble.
Esther's mother died last week. This week she learned that her mother had a will. In the will her mother left her the family home. Esther was overwhelmed by the gesture. Esther's sister also wanted the home and was bitter toward Esther.
Todd had never gone snowboarding before. His friend Timmy took him to hit the slopes. Todd rented a snowboard and boots. He put them on and tried to stand up. Todd fell down many times while trying to snowboard.
Two friends lived out in the middle of the Alaskan wilderness. They built a road between their houses to see each other. The local moose population began to use this road very often. The friends got frustrated with all the moose traffic jams. To solve this they set up tools and fences to keep the moose out.
Timmy was upset he had to move to a new town and go to a new school. He would miss his friends, but today was the day of the move. His family arrived at their new house. Timmy was excited that his new room was so big! When Timmy went to school he made lots of new friends and was happy.
Cathy recently took a trip to the Bahamas. While in the Bahamas, Cathy decided to swim with dolphins. Cathy was scared that the dolphins would attack her. However, Cathy was surprised at how docile the dolphins were. Cathy was so glad she took the chance to swim with the dolphins.
I sat in front of the tv. I was watching a woman sing country music. I was enthralled by her hair. It reached her ankles and was black. I determined I would have hair like that someday.
Fred registered to vote in his new state. He put the political party he despised most as the one he belonged to. Fred had become very very bitter about politics. He voted for the candidate he thought was the worst at election time. As the United States plummeted into chaos, Fred moved to Canada.
Wanda was a great chef. She would cook up the best meals in the entire town. One day a man sneaked into her house. He found her secret recipe. He was angry when he found out her secret was love.
Chip really liked Jenna. He hoped she would go out with him! He worked up all his nerve. Then he asked Jenna for a date. To his relief, she said yes!
The auction for the pigs was about to start. All the bidders had looked over all the entries and the judges scores. Burt waited nervously as the bids began to come in on his pig. Burt had been holding his breath as the bidding progressed. Burt yelled in celebration at the price he had received for the pig.
Mark wanted to get a tattoo. He asked his parents for permission. Mark's mom and dad said they would think about it. The next morning, his parents said no to the tattoo. Mark was angry that his parents wouldn't go along with his wishes.
Since Halloween was coming, we decided to watch horror movies. We put on several movies all weekend long. We read reviews before watching them, but some were still terrible. We decided with horror movies, even the bad ones are good. We laughed and had fun all weekend.
Robert loved baby animals. One day he went to the local farm. He saw a lot of animals. Once he saw the chicks though, he fell in love. Robert adopted as many chicks as he could.
Edward bought a lottery ticket at a gas station. He brought it home and hung it on the fridge. After the numbers were drawn, Edward looked at the ticket. He matched all of the numbers! Edward won the million dollar jackpot.
Lita worked as a public defender. It was a very low-paying position. Her law school debts weighed heavy on her mind. Her service of the public sustained her. Despite her debts, Lita was content.
Dominique moved into a new apartment in a new neighborhood. It was a lot of work to move the furniture and he was tired. His first night was peaceful, but the next day, he couldn't sleep. His neighbor was listening to loud music. Dominique talked to the neighbor and the music stopped.
The man borrowed some butter. He put it in a cake. He returned the butter. He brought a piece of cake over two. He was always welcome to borrow butter after that.
Cherry was two hours late. She was suppose to meet with her parents. They had all agreed to meet outside their hotel. Her parents were upset. She bought them dinner as an apology.
Raven went to a bar to meet new people. She just wanted to make friends. Every girl she looked at suddenly started flirting with her. She did not want to hook up. She went back home and watched tv.
Noe had an eye for detail and decided Charles didn't. Charles made mistakes before, but this was his big one. Charles posted a link to a website with a misspelled word. Noe called an emergency meeting and showed off the mistake. Charles said facebook published a cookie, there was no error online.
Tina and her friends went to Costa Rica on a trip. The first thing the girls wanted to do was the zip line. Tina decided to go first. When she went on, she screamed. She had a blast going to the next platform.
Ashley volunteered to make cookies for the party. She had to make 8 dozen. She found a chocolate chip recipe. She bought all the ingredients. She stayed up all night and made the cookies.
Madison wanted to decorate for Christmas. She didn't have much money so she bought discount decor. Most of it seemed to be of okay quality. Then, she noticed the wreath she had bought. All of it's bells had fallen off before she could even hang it up.
I found this beautiful ring on the beach. I knew someone must have been upset that they lost it. I put an ad in the paper. I reported it to the police. I hope someone calls for it.
I had a huge crush on Robbie. He played with me after school every day. We met on the playground while our parents picked up our brothers. We talked about karate and pee wee herman all the time. He said he wanted to be my friend, but he was very jealous.
John exercised in the gym for several hours. He received a phone call from a manager. She reminded him of an interview they had today. John forgot about the interview and rushed home to clean himself. However, he fell asleep on the couch and woke up in the morning.
Joe went to the restaurant for wings. He ordered wings but got a steak instead. Joe was very upset and complained. The manager came back and gave him free wings for the mistake. Joe got to finally enjoy his wings.
Tim was always irritable in the mornings. Drinking coffee with lots of caffeine helped him relax. He always had two cups. Today he only had one. His coworkers pitched in and bought him another.
Bob is a construction worker who builds houses. He uses teamwork with his friends to build homes. The people appreciate his work. The people give him money. Bob is a happy person.
Karen fell in love with Andy. Andy felt the same love for Karen. The two eventually were married. The couple had 3 children. They both remember the first day they ever met.
I really needed new foundation. My current one was bad. I went to Sephora to try some one. Finally I found the perfect one. I was happy I purchased it.
Justin was nervous about his career after graduation. He applied for many internships but was turned down for all. His friend encouraged him to apply to just one more program. He got an internship with the last program. He completed his internship successfully.
Tom was driving his friend's car. He decided to fill it up with gas for him. Tom didn't realize it needed premium. His friend's car started knocking and driving funny. Luckily it didn't have any real long term damage.
Tracy was on a diet. She was eating at a restaurant. Tracy ordered a salad for an entree. The restaurant didn't have any low fat dressings. Tracy ate her salad without dressing.
I decided to install a new floor. This floor was marketed as lasting forever. It took me all day to install it. When I tested the floor out, the floor cracked. This made me angry and I had to uninstall it the next day.
Harold went to the eye doctor. He said he couldn't see well at night. The doctor said he needed to eat more carrots. Harold ate more carrots. His night sight got better.
Kim's favorite holiday is Christmas. She wanted to buy a new tree this year, but her husband said no. Her husband was not very fond of Christmas. Kim decided to get the new tree anyway. Once it was set up and decorated, her husband loved it and wasn't mad.
Paul's grandfather took him to the park. They decided to ride the miniature train ride at the park. During the ride, the wind blew Paul's hat off. His grandfather jumped off of the train to retrieve Paul's hat. Paul was happy to have his hat back, and proud of his grandpa.
I needed a good plastic drink dispenser for halloween. I found one that was shaped like a large clear skull. I filled it with the sodas. I put in frozen cubes shaped like eyeballs. The whole family as well as friends loved it.
Milhouse thought he was the king of everything and everyone. He had few friends but he saw them as his subjects. HE would treat them like dirt and take away their toys. One day all his friends left him and told him to not bother them. He realized for once that he was the king, the king of nothing.
Ed was throwing rocks at a nearby lake. His little brother was beside him. Ed wound up and threw really hard. But the rock didn't go into the lake it went right for his brother. His little brother still hasn't forgave him.
John knew he had a significant weight problem. John finally decided to do something about this issue. He started skipping rope. John started off at 30 minutes a day, with gradual increases. Within six months, John lost fifty pounds!
Tim played for his high school basketball team. At the end of one game, Tim received a pass near the basket. As Tim tried to shoot a layup, he was fouled by a defender. Tim had to shoot two free throw attempts. Tim made both free throws and his team won the game.
Bob could not find his cell phone. He had a friend call his phone in an attempt of finding it. They never heard the phone ring. It had been accidentally turned off. However, Bob found the phone in his pocket.
Jeff loved his dog Cindy. One day he was taking her for a walk. She saw a squirrel. Cindy ran off her leash so she could get the squirrel. Jeff lost his dog Cindy.
Kevin and his friend Chris went for a hike on a forest trail. They continued on the trail even when it crossed a creek. They took off their boots and socks when their hiking boots leaked. They sat in the sun to let their socks dry out. Kevin and Chris decided to waterproof their boots when they got home.
The girl watched a bird in her yard. It was a robin. The robin ate from her bird feeder and then flew away. The girl added more birdseed to convince him to come back. She watched the yard every day, waiting for his return.
Sarah was helping her family decorate the tree for Christmas. Her mom gave her a gift. She opened it and discovered a brand new glass ornament. She was going to hang it up when she dropped it. The entire thing shattered and Sarah's mom was so mad.
Lorry is eating her favorite hamburger. Lorry drops it on the floor. Lorry picks it up. Lorry eats it anyways. Lorry gets sick a day later.
Yesterday I went to the beach. The weather was hot and I was eager to jump in. I immediately ran to go jump in. As soon as I went in, I was freezing. The water was like ice.
The kids were very excited. They were going to a birthday party! They were going to eat cake and play games. On the day of the party, their car ran out of gas. They missed the party and were very sad.
Maggie read a story in the news about a boy raised by wolves. She thought it was a very interesting story. Using the internet, Maggie found similar stories of other people too. She spent the next hour learning about different feral children. By the end, Maggie was an expert on the topic.
Kim knew her brother needed new shoes. So Kim ordered some online. They came a week later to her house. Kim drove to her brothers house the next day. She surprised her brother with new shoes.
Eric has high functioning autism. For the most part he can function normally. But sometimes he gets very angry. Autistic people handle anger in a different way than most people. The rage is a lot more intense and scary.
Adam tried out for the football team his junior year. He didn't make the team because he couldn't catch the ball. Adam was devastated but he was determined to get better. He practiced all winter, catching ball after ball. He tried out the next year and was the star of the team.
Rita went on a hike in the woods. She heard a rustling in a bush. A squirrel ran out of the bush. Rita watched the squirrel. The squirrel climbed into a tree.
Lance hated his job. He stuck around just for the health benefits. One day his office announced they were switching healthcare providers. The new benefits were terrible and gave Lance no reason to stay. He happily quit and found a new job he could love.
There was an historic windmill in an old town. An old woman gave a tour to school children. They asked her if she always worked there. The woman laughed and told them she just gives tours. At the end of the tour they all thanked her.
Kevin loved to drink any kind of carbonated beverage. His doctor told him that his kidney stones were caused by soda. Kevin tried really hard to cut back on soda. He was not very successful until his second kidney stone. Kevin was in so much pain he gave up soda quite easily.
My mom promised me that we would go to a restaurant on Friday. On Friday, I asked her about what we're having for dinner. She told me that she had no money. I became extremely sad and ran to my room. She apologized for being dishonest to me in the past.
Eugene was excited to order the new computer on a chip. He watched as the timer on the website slowly counted down to zero. Eugene stared impatiently as it sat there, nothing changing. He found other people on forums who were having the same problem. Eugene seethed that he'd stayed awake for this.
Nick had to deliver a speech to his class. He was very nervous. His teacher told him to take deep breathes and relax beforehand. Nick relaxed and told himself he would do fine. He went on to give the best presentation in the class.
Susan was having a pizza night with her family. She walked to a local take and bake shop to order the food. She tried to carry all the pizzas, breads and drink in her arms. It was heavy but she managed and slowly began walking home. She barely made it home before her arms were to worn out to help.
Kia was a little drunk one evening when she got home. She made her lunch for work and fell into bed. When she awoke, she was pleased to see her lunchbox by the door. But at lunch time, she found that she hadn't put any food in it. Kia had just packed herself a plate and a fork!
My friends got a new dog. It was really out of control. They took it to a behavior class. It was too rowdy and got kicked out. Now they don't know what to do about it.
Kate fell asleep watching TV on a rainy day. She needed to run errands. But didn't want to drive in the rain. She fell asleep on the couch watching TV. When she awoke the sun was shining full and bright.
Jane noticed her internet was slow. The cable company was no help. Eventually someone recommended getting a better router. Jane tried it out. Getting a new router fixed the problem.
Paul wanted to be an astronaut. He took courses geared toward being an astronaut. He did very well in all of the courses. When he graduated, he applied to NASA. His credentials were reviewed, and he was approved for NASA.
Sean had an awful flu. He stayed home from work and did everything he knew of to help. By the end of the day, he did feel somewhat better. Then, he fell asleep. But when he woke up feeling even worse the next morning.
I got on the train to go to work. The train began to move toward the next station. Suddenly the train stopped and the lights turned off. The train stayed stopped for several minutes. Eventually the lights turned back on and we continued on our way.
Patty was a wealthy girl. She got everything she ever asked for. One day passing down the street Patty saw a little girl. She was sleeping in the street. Patty decided to buy the girl new clothes and food for her family.
Elena had a cat who died of old age. Elena was very sad and mourned for many months. One day she spotted a stray dog by the side of the road. Elena picked him up and took him to the vet. Learning he had no owner, she adopted him and took him home.
Bambi was hiking in the woods. Somehow she got separated from her friends. She was afraid, but she remembered her survival skills. She stayed put and waited for help. Luckily, Bambi's friends found her soon after.
Joseph came back from the war very disturbed. He had nightmares every night and each loud sound bothered him. He talked to a psychologist but it didn't help him much. He gathered his friends one day and told them everything. With their love and understanding, he pulled through.
Ollie found a red balloon. He took the balloon for a walk. While walking he saw a shiny quarter on the street. He bent down to pick it up, and let go of the balloon. Ollie watched with sadness while the balloon floated upward.
Janice was coming home. She had been abroad for several years. Her family was very anxious to see her again. When the train came into the station they were on the platform. They hugged one another and were very happy to see each other.
Tim was on a family trip. They drove to the grand canyon. Tim wasn't into it at first. Once there he got a glimpse of the majestic beauty. Tim was quickly won over.
I waited on the corner for the bus to come. The bus arrived and I hopped on. There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat. An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him. I walked to the back and sat next to him.
Bill had so much turkey for Thanksgiving. He was sick of it by December. So on Christmas day he decided to change it up. And got a ham instead for the first time. It was his best Christmas ever.
Mickey loved being around his friends every chance he could get. When he found out that he could now ride the bus he was thrilled. This would basically be hour added on to his friend time each day. It made his parents excited to tell him that he could ride the bus. Special arrangements had already been made!
On monday our 2 year old granddaughter hit a child. The child was drinking from everyone's bottle. My daughter had a talk with her child. Today our granddaughter hugged the same person. My daughter was pleased.
Lee shook hands with the hiring manager and sat down. He answered all the questions very well, he thought. The manager told him he'd call and they shook hands. When Lee got home, he looked in the mirror to adjust his tie. He was dismayed to see he'd had a nose hair hanging out all this time.
The kettle whistled on the stove. Jenny picked it and poured the water in her cup. But as she did so, she didn't look at what she was doing. She suddenly screamed when hot water dripped on her toes. She hopped around before she finished pouring the water.
Nora was Italian and decided to show it one day! She resolved to make homemade ravioli, and went to work. It took hours, but she made her own noodles, stuffed with ricotta. Then she fried them and tasted her creation. Her eyes closed in bliss - they were delicious!
The cheese grater was brought to the table. The waiter said to tell him when. He started grating the cheese. The boy just watched. His mother finally had to intervene and say when.
Molly is at a casino pouring her hard earned money into poker. She's way behind and convinced she's going to win her money back. Molly continues to fall behind. Molly finally leaves having blown her paycheck on poker. Molly comes home to find her possessions on the street.
I was going to a Halloween party. I looked through my clothes but could not find a costume. I cut up my old clothes and constructed a costume. I put my costume on and went to the party. My friends loved my costume.
Alex liked to make mixed CD's for his friends. He would download music illegally. He was sent a warning notice for illegally downloading music. He was charged with the crime. He has to pay a huge fine.
Jake was trying to hit on a girl at the bar. He started flirting. Within seconds her boyfriend appeared. They kissed in front of him. Jake felt bad but got the hint.
Lucy ruined her favorite jeans with bleach. Her grandma hated to see her crying. She purchased another pair of jeans to replace the one ruined. The jeans weren't the same brand, and didn't fit the same. Lucy was happy even though they didn't replace the ruined ones.
The first thing Mitch did when he bought a house was change the locks. He took out all the old locks and installed the new ones. He closed the doors to test the lock. The door was very secure. Mitch reached for his key but realized he only had the old key.
Alicia loved going to the zoo. However, Alicia was excited to be seeing the giraffe exhibit. Alicia decided she would take a picture of a baby giraffe. However, the mother giraffe took the camera out of Alicia's hands. Alicia found it so funny that the giraffe stole her camera.
Tim has always loved motorcycles. He decided to save his money so he could buy one. When he finally had enough money he bought a shiny red motorcycle. He rode the motorcycle all over town to show it off. Tim was happy he finally bought a motorcycle.
Changing my first diaper was scary. Everyone makes it seem like a big deal in movies. I didn't want to do something wrong. I tried to do my best. Everything turned out fine.
I left my dog Max in the car with the windows down while I shopped. When I returned to the car Max was nowhere to be found. Realizing he jumped through the window, I began searching for him. I looked around town for hours and could not find him. I finally went home and discovered Max sitting by my front door.
The judge looked at the defendant before him. The defendant began to sweat greatly. The judge asked him about his sweat. The defendant said he was nervous due to his guilt. The judge declared the man to be guilty.
Alex loves cold weather and snow. He decided to go to college in upstate NY. NY has had an unseasonably warm winter. Today it was 50 degrees. Guess Alex won't see as much snow as he thought he would!
Tim went to the beach with friends. He offered to drive. Everyone else pitched in for gas. Tim had a great time at the beach. He offered to drive again next time.
I was laying in bed last night. The neighbors dog wouldn't stop barking. I found an old frozen steak in the fridge. I threw the steak over the fence to the dog. He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet.
Jenna was a trouble maker Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house One day she was roughing around the house She accidentally broke her mom's favorite vase Jenna was grounded for a month
Jill was in class at school. She wasn't paying attention. Jill had a magazine behind her textbook. Her teacher caught her reading the magazine. The teacher threw away Jill's magazine.
Tim bought a chair at an antique store. He got a good deal on it because it was slightly broken. Tim decided to fix it himself. He went online and got a tutorial and tools. It took him a bit but Tim successfully fixed up the antique chair.
My daughter is an amazing photographer. She got a very expensive camera 2 years ago as a gift. She loves to take pictures of her friends and post them on Instagram. A few people started to see her talent and asked for her services. She is now a 15 year old running a successful photography business.
Cameron wanted a bowl of cereal and milk. He realized his milk was expired. Cameron threw the milk down the drain. He bought a new gallon of milk the next day. Cam ate his cereal and milk the next day.
Tim hated school. He was excited about his winter break. Some of his teachers gave homework. Tom broke his leg the first day. He spent all break sitting around doing schoolwork.
Henry caught Dan trying to flirt with his girlfriend. She was scared since Dan was a tall and muscular guy. Henry tried to stand up for the sake of their relationship. As a result, Dan physically abused him. Henry had to go to the clinic but Dan got suspended.
Kate was about to get married. She had been having second thoughts on it. On the day of the wedding she freaked out. Kate literally ran out of the church. She never went back.
Tony had just moved into a new home. He had dozens of boxes to unpack. He invited his friends over to help him. The work was done quickly. Tony ordered pizza for his friends in appreciation.
Ellie always wanted to get a dog. Her parents always turned her down because they are very busy. They usually leave early in the morning for work and come home late. When Ellie turned 13, she promised to take care of the dog herself. Her parents trusted her and got her the dog.
Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices. He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes. One day, she bet he couldn't make it through her Bikram Yoga class. He regretted going when he had to rest after 20 minutes. Harry never laughed about his wife's yoga classes again.
Mat, the manager, found Bernice, his employee, to be attractive. Mat asked her to take off her shoes and walk on his back. She did it and giggled the whole time. Then Mat demanded he give her a foot massage. Bernice stood up for herself saying, leave my feet alone, I mean it!
Gary was walking with his girlfriend at the park. She noticed his credit card in his pocket. She quickly hugged him and took it. He didn't notice. When they had dinner, he paid for everything with cash.
Joan loved to go to the opera every Sunday. One trip she met a young homeless girl. She took the girl to the opera with her. Joan bought her a meal after the show. Joan called the police after the girl was done eating.
Frustrated her garden was failing, Ann asked a healer friend's advice. She told her that love was the most important ingredient to health. Ann sought ways to give extra loving nurture to her plants. She talked to them when she watered and put crystals in the beds. Ann's garden then began to thrive, mirroring her positive energy.
Spume Johnson was furious. He had paid his contractors, and they screwed up. He called them back to the job to look at what they'd done. They were oblivious until he pointed at the window. The window lacked glass.
The house on haunted hill was said to be the scariest of them all. If you wandered into the midnight fog be ready to see something scary. They say a little girl haunts this old and frightening house. At the stroke of midnight if you stare in the window, you can see her. She walks slowly and haunting until she reaches the ending hallway.
Lisa notices that the garbage in her kitchen is starting to smell. She decides that she needs to throw it away. Lisa takes the garbage outside to be collected. Once she returns, her kitchen smells a little less. Lisa is happy that the garbage is gone.
Barry had the ball. Steven wanted it. Steven ran up to Barry. He slid into Barry. Steven got a foul.
Scott has always hated working for his boss. He feels that his boss disrespects him often in the office. One day Scott can take no more. He marches into the office and announces that he is quitting. Scott is happy he doesn't have to work there anymore.
Francine had always wanted to learn to play a musical instrument. She decided that she wanted to learn to play oboe. She practiced very hard learning how to play. Eventually Francine improved as an oboe player. She was so happy she had learned to play a musical instrument.
I love having fresh flowers in my house. I used to go buy fresh cut flowers every week at the store. Then I noticed my neighbor cutting her flowers. She said I was welcome to make my own bouquet out her garden. Now I have free fresh bouquets every week!
Laura needed to take another class for her school. She wasn't sure which class she wanted to take. She looked over the school's website and couldn't decide. Eventually she decided on taking yoga. On her first day of Yoga class she really enjoyed it!
Bob decided to cook dinner. He decided to make pasta with lemon and capers. He accidentally put too much lemon in the dish. It tasted terrible! Bob decided to throw away the food and order Chinese takeout.
Reese wanted to go on a field trip to Jamestown. His parents didn't have the money to send him. He didn't get to go on the field trip. His parents set up their house to look like Jamestown. Reese was very pleased.
Sam was late on some bills. The companies started calling. Sam just ignored them completely. Eventually it went to collection agencies. Sam then decided to pay back a fraction of it.
Allie was getting married. Her sister Stacy wanted to take pictures. But then it started to rain. So they had to get under the roof. The pictures still came out good.
Its Tuesday, and at the Mason household that means tacos. They went to the grocery store to get all the ingredients. They started by cooking the meat, and cutting all the vegetables. One it was done, everything got lined up on the table. The Mason family drug in, being so happy it was taco Tuesday.
Susie had a date. But she freaked out. She looked in the mirror. Her skin was terrible. Susie didn't know what happened.
The kids were sick of school. Their mom agreed to take them on a vacation. They decided on the beach. They loaded up the car and headed to FLorida. It was nice to be away from school!
When my friend asked me to hang out, I became furious. She puts my work at an inconvenience just to see her. I didn't hesitate to say no since I've only said yes in the past. She completely understood and left. In the end, we still remained friends.
I saw my friend Joe outside today at 3 PM. I was sitting on the bench when he came in. He said his daughter took him to Vicki Lee's diner in Belmont. He had a good lunch, and was now going in for a nap. I said that was understandable as he is 99.
When I was little I made a pact to be best friends forever. My friend and I made a ritual. We had a secret handshake. We're now adults with separate lives. But neither of us have forgotten the past.
My sister is afraid of spiders. She jumps and screams every time she sees one. I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away. At school, my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid. Now I can't have fun teasing her about spiders.
I believed my stuffed animals were real. I laid in bed at night staring at them in case they moved. I knew if I closed my eyes, they would start walking. I lined them up on shelves so I could always see them. They never did move or walk that night.
James was eating a snickers bar. He got sick to his stomach. He realized he had been eating too many sweets. He went to lie down. His wife brought him some chicken soup.
Bill was quite happy with the picture on his 80 inch TV. He enjoyed sports on TV more than ever. Then black lines appeared across the screen. The set had cost $4000 and was only 23 months old. It could not be repaired and had to be hauled away.
Kelly needed a part time job after school. She went to the clothing store to apply. Luckily she got the job. The first day she had to be on her feet all day. It was exhausting.
A tattoo artist was about to tat for the first time. He was extremely nervous. His first customer came in and only wanted a small butterfly. He did it expertly and was happy it was small. He was no longer nervous after that.
Alexia was planning a road trip with her friends. Her father didn't want her to be without protection. He insisted on giving her a gun and training her in its use. Alexia was nervous handling it, but eventually became proficient. She hoped to avoid using it, but was glad it was there just in case.
Tom bought some vines for his yard. After a while they grew up his wall. After that they started taking over the yard. Tom decided to get rid of them. He bought weed killer and took them out.
I noticed my fridge was getting low on food. I made a grocery list. I went to the store. I found all the items on my list and paid for them. I went home, restocked my fridge, and was happy that I have more food.
I realize that wheat flour was bad for my stomach. I became upset that I couldn't use wheat flour anymore. My friend told me that I could make flour out of acorns. I harvested some acorns and ground them into flour. The acorn flour was a perfect substitute.
My son's friend Harry was mad today. He moved from Austin to Boston. He was supposed to get a cable refund from Time Warner but did not. He posted an angry snapchat. Harry is short of funds right now.
Kim took a honeymoon in the South Pacific. She flew to Bora Bora. There, she laid on the beach for a week. The weather was balmy and wonderful. Kim wished she could stay in Bora Bora forever!
Bonnie was looking forward to making dinner for her boyfriend. She cooked all day, making sure everything was perfect. She was tired, so she took a quick nap and everything burned! Her boyfriend felt badly for her and took her for a nice dinner. She was relieved that he cared more about her than a ruined meal.
Jim was good at math. He was good because he always had a calculator. When he left it home, he was awful. Jim decided to study math really hard for a month. After that he no longer needed the calculator.
Anna was late for school. She got ready as quickly as she could. And she ran non-stop to school. But when she got there, she noticed the gates were locked. She forgot that it was Veteran's Day.
Farm girl Ernestine couldn't wait to move to the city. There, she called herself Syd and dressed in designer clothes. One day, her parents said they were coming to visit. Syd planned to meet them in a cafe to avoid notice. As she approached the cafe, Syd abruptly turned and walked away.
Martin went to the British Virgin Islands with this friends. They chartered a 40 foot sailboat. For a week they sailed all around the islands exploring. They enjoyed snorkeling and dining on fresh lobster. In the end they all agreed that they should do it again some day.
Aaron was a high school teacher. He had just given an exam. Aaron started to grade the exams. All the the students failed the exam. Aaron assumed he didn't cover the material enough and gave a new exam.
Bob was wrestling with his brother. All of the sudden, they crashed into the wall. They left a big hole. They quickly went to the store to buy plaster. They fixed the hole before their dad came home from work!
Ellen is having a party. Ellen is cooking a turkey for the party. Ellen burns the turkey. Ellen calls for pizza. Ellen serves her guests pizza instead of turkey.
Randall has been following the Presidential Election closely. While he has never voted before, he decides to vote in this election. On voting day, Randall casts her vote for his favorite candidate. Unfortunately, Randall's candidate is defeated. Although his candidate loses, Randall is happy he voted.
Tom went with friends on a river trip. They went paddling down a few miles. Tom was not too experienced. Everyone else encouraged him. Tom wound up having a lot of fun.
Hank and George were nervous. They'd just been partnered in a diving competition. They had only dived together a few times. The crowd was quiet as they prepared to dive. They slid into the water flawlessly!
One day, I was low on gas and needed to get to work. I decided I would take the city bus. I looked online for a bus stop. I walked to the bus stop that was near me. I boarded the bus and it was empty.
My son and our neighbor got together for a play date. They are very close in age, so they got along well. First they swam in the pool together. Then they played cops and robbers outside in the grass. My neighbor and I enjoyed watching them have fun together.
Arthur decided he wanted to make tea. First, he set the kettle on to boil. Then, he poured the water over the tea bag to steep. Once the tea was done, he took a sip. It was perfect.
Erin was married to a man in the Army. She was also overdue with her first child. The hospital gave her the wrong medicine when she was in labor. Erin's kidneys shut down. Erin vowed to never use a military hospital again.
Alex was home alone on a Friday night. He was feeling lonely, and moved from his couch to his bed. Alex wondered what all of his friends were up to without him. Just then, a knock came on his door. Three friends were there to visit him, and they had a wonderful night.
Matthew bemoaned how poor he was. He went to get a job at McDonald's. He was accepted and went to work the next. Matthew then took all the cash from the register after his shift. He made 500 dollars and then left the state that morning.
Alex couldn't focus on school work. Alex decided he didn't like his classes. Alex changed his major. Alex then registered for new classes. Alex could focus on his new, more interesting school work.
Dan had never been so tired in his life. He came home and collapsed on the sofa. He had spent the past two days moving. He was so thankful to finally be laying down and resting. He had a wonderful nap in the afternoon sun.
Gina had a plan to get a classmate's backpack away from him. She needed to get a friend to help her. Her friend Tami was afraid they would be suspended if caught. So she refused to help her search the bag. Gina was upset, but she understood, and forgave Tami.
Tessa bought fruit snacks for the student picnic. She was worried that she didn't buy enough snacks for everyone. When she arrived at the picnic, she realized she didn't have enough. Her students told her they were willing to share their snacks. All of her students were able to have fruit snacks.
Last night I dreamed about jeans. I dreamed I was very skinny. I could fit into a very thin pair of jeans. I woke up to my overweight body. I thought it was a nice dream.
Lila's mother told her she had to do her own laundry. Lila loaded up the machine, throwing all her clothes together. It was a bad idea to mix colors and white. When she took the clothes out, everything that went in white was pink. Her red shirt had bled all over everything!
I lived in Arizona. The summer was brutally hot! Luckily, fall was just around the corner. The fall this year was cool and crisp with beautiful colors. I realized that fall was my favorite season.
I tried to buy a house. The realtor told me that I could not afford anything in my area. I asked how much more money that I would need. She told me it would require about 23 hundred dollars more. Hearing this news made me realize that I needed a new job.
My husband and I had a talk. We needed to decide who to vote for. We both made our choices. We were surprised that we weren't choosing the same person. We agreed that it wouldn't affect our opinions of each other.
Sean went on a cave exploring adventure with his class from school. He had always wanted to explore underground. All of a sudden, hundreds of bats took flight! This terrified Sean and all of his class. Sean never wanted to explore underground again.
Billy loved the rope swing. It was one of his favorite things to do in the summer . He would go down to the river and swing all day. Today was one of those days. He spent all day down there, swinging and having fun.
Craig wanted to eat a kale salad. But he thought his kale might be spoiled. He didn't want to go buy more. So he decided to use the kale anyway. But he felt very sick after he ate it.
I just moved to a rich part of my town. The school was full of well-to-do children. I tried to make friends with them. But, they made fun of me for being different. I beat one of them up and I was given detention.
Robert had just had his wisdom teeth pulled. He took some medicine the dentist gave him for the pain. Robert wondered why it didn't seem to be working. He looked at the bottle. He had taken some multivitamins by accident.
Chad had to write a paper for his English class. Chad found an article online. He copied the article and turned it in as his own. The teacher knew the work wasn't Chad's. Chad got a zero grade on the paper.
Milton hated camping. His least favorite part was singing around a fire. His dad played guitar poorly and his mom couldn't sing. When they were roasting marshmallows a bear came to the site. Mom started singing Kumbaya and the bear retreated instantly.
Maya picked an apple from the tree. She was hungry and wanted a snack. But when she bit into it, her face twisted. She had bitten right into a slimy worm! Maya spit it out, disgusted.
Jack loves birdwatching. He took the day off on Wednesday because the weather was nice. He spent that day in the woods, watching birds. It was worth it to him. He spotted several birds that he had never seen before.
The boys sat down in front of a campfire. Since it was late at night, they could barely see anything. A loud crying sound occurred. Therefore, everyone got up and ran into their tents. They didn't come out until the next morning.
I'm going to work when i decided to took a cab. When i was about to pay for my fare i noticed i left my wallet. So i let the driver wait for me and i borrow money from my  co-worker. I never let that happen again. So i'm putting my money on my pocket so i will not left it.
Kevin was at his girlfriend's house. They began to argue over something. Soon the argument got really bad. Kevin admitted that he wanted to break up. His girlfriend agreed and Kevin left.
Eloise wanted a job. She applied to the local grocery store to be a cashier. For several days she waited for a response from them. It never came. She was so discouraged that she stopped her job hunt completely.
Max was standing in the bank. While he waited, he was using his phone. Suddenly, he dropped it. It crashed to the floor. When Max picked it up, he saw that it was broken.
George had always loved Christmas time. He had been out of work for a while when he saw an ad. The job posting was for a mall Santa. George applied to the job right away. George loved bringing smiles to the children's faces.
Joe needed to go to basketball practice. His mom could not take him. So Joe called his cousin to see if he could take him. His cousin said yes. Joe's cousin picked him up and took him to practice.
Jasper notices his breath smells bad. He decides to chew a stick of gum. After chewing it, his breath doesn't smell as bad. He spits out the gum. Jasper is glad he breath doesn't smell bad any longer.
Alex invited three friends over for his birthday party. They first ate some pizza. Then they went to the bowling alley to bowl. They then came back for some cake and games. Then the kids all fell asleep from exhaustion.
Joyce was at the mall. And she saw one of her classmates, Jill. Joyce waved to her but received no response. At school the next day, Joyce asked Jill why she didn't wave back. But Jill just didn't see Joyce.
The Super Bowl is going to be played on Sunday. I am for the Denver Bronco's but my husband hates football. He just called and said he wants to take me out on Sunday. When I told him that would be fun he assumed I forgot about the game. Won't he be surprised when I choose the sports bar for our date?
Jim forgot to file his invoice for the previous week. Jim realized he wouldn't have enough money for fuel. A storm was coming. The fuel ran out the day of the storm. Jim shivered and survived by covering himself in blankets and clothes.
Billy had a math test at school. He was stressed because he hadn't studied. The time came and he did his best. The next day he found out he got a B. Billy was relieved and promised himself never to do that again.
Kirby got a new bike for his birthday. He rode it down the sidewalk in his neighborhood. He honked the horn at his friends. Kirby's friends waved at him. Kirby felt proud of his new bike.
Jason entered the kick-boxing ring with confidence. But his punches and kicks didn't hurt his opponent. His opponent landed punches and kicks that made Jason fall. Jason lost the match in the third round but had an excuse. He said he had sex last night and was enervated.
The man smelled cinnamon rolls. He walked towards the smell. He found a cinnamon rolls. He bought two of them. He ate them quickly without sitting.
Sadie was on a hike. She had walked two hours up through a canyon. Suddenly, she realized that her water bottle was empty. She was a bit worried about getting sick. Luckily, a passerby offered to share her water with Sadie.
Tanja was looking for a specific style of bodysuit. She went online to search for it. She visited a few of her favorite brand's online stores. After searching for a while, she gave up. She couldn't find it after all.
Lucy was sitting on the porch in front of her grandparents. A truck stopped with a picture of a cow on the side. The man who got out carried a crate with him. He handed the crate to Lucy and got back in his truck. Inside Lucy found milk, ice cream, and butter.
Tara really wanted to win the karaoke contest. She asked her friends to help her practice. They went to a karaoke lounge and practiced singing. Tara also practiced by herself for four weeks. Tere sang at the contest and won first place!
Liam's parents had just adopted a little boy. Liam was nervous about his new brother. He wondered if they would get along. Then he met the little boy, and they got along great. Liam realized he was thrilled to be a big brother, after all!
Ava signed up for karate lessons. At first she was very weak. But she practiced often and got stronger. Soon she was doing very well in the class. Ava's teacher said she was his star pupil!
We were staying at my Pop's house on vacation. I was messing around under his bed, when I found a gun. I picked it up and looked at it, in shock. Suddenly, my aunt came in and yelled to put it down! She grabbed it from me and reprimanded me from going back there.
Randolph ordinarily liked to eat flaky white fish. He thought that he would not find blue fish appealing. However, his friend cooked him a delicious mackerel to eat. Instead of being oily, he found mackerel luscious and buttery. Randolph was happy he finally tried eating mackerel.
Carlos has always been proud of his thick black hair. Unfortunately, he sees that his hair has started to develop dandruff. Carlos goes to the store to buy a special anti-dandruff shampoo. Gradually the dandruff begins to go away. Carlos can finally be proud of his hair again.
Edward was a professional football player with a decision to make. He had been badly injured in a game and almost died. As much as he liked to play football, it frightened him. He wanted to live on and stay with his family. So, he made the difficult decision to stop playing professionally.
Gina's dad was standing in the yard looking down. She saw him, and thought nothing of it. She went downstairs to watch TV. Before long he was yelling for her to come outside. There were ants all over something sticky on the sidewalk.
Amy called Beth when she got home from school. She wanted to fill her in about the guy she had a crush on. Beth was supportive and helped calm Amy's nerves. After the phone call Amy felt better. She ate dinner for the first time in a week and went to sleep.
No one in town would trust Joe to build a house for them. He built every house out of concrete and everyone liked wood. A tornado went through the town and destroyed all the wood houses. The only houses left were the concrete ones that Joe built. Now everyone goes to Joe whenever they want a house.
Zack wanted to join the wrestling team at school. He spent the summer studying videos of Olympic matches. Zack also watched instruction videos and trained diligently. Zack tried out for the wrestling team when the new year started. Zack made the team!
Nancy made a huge bowl of bread dough. She took the dough and kneaded it on the counter for several minutes. Then, the dough had to rise for quite some time. Once the dough had risen, Nancy baked it in the oven. When the bread came out of the oven, she ate a slice with butter.
Larry had a very hectic week at work. Larry needed to mentally digress from the stress of the week. Larry decided he would take time to do nothing. He bought some beers, and chips from the store. Larry decided that today would be his lazy day.
It was a cold day. So Jen made coffee. It made her feel warm. And her head felt more clear. Jen enjoyed her coffee.
Pepper was so excited. It was her wedding day! She got dressed and got her hair and makeup done. She felt beautiful and excited. She couldn't wait to be married!
Jason was very funny. He always told funny jokes. He had the classes attention one day. Jason told a joke to the whole class. After the punchline everyone was dying laughing.
John was playing poker with his buddies. The pot was up to two hundred dollars. John had two kings in his hand. John took an additional card - a king! John went all in, making all the other players fold.
John was at the protest rally with Jane. He was more interested in Jane than the rally, in fact. The rally started to get more heated up. John carefully ducked out of the rally, losing Jane. John went home and decided to not maintain contact with Jane.
Lara really wanted a new puppy. She had never had a pet before so she begged her parents. Her parents finally said yes. They took Lara to the pet store so she could pick one out. When Lara got her puppy, it was the happiest moment.
Jimmy and Timmy both loved to bowl. Jimmy got more strikes but Timmy had higher scores. They decided to enter a doubles tournament together. Jimmy practiced hard and Timmy practiced hard. When the tournament day arrived, they bowled well and won 5th place.
Paul's car broke down. He needed to go to work, so he called a friend to ask for a ride. Paul's friend said that he would pick him up from work. When Paul's friend arrived, one of his back tires was low. Paul had to catch a taxi to work.
Brianne has always wanted to fit in with her friends. One evening, her friends held a party at a friend's house. Her friends were all smoking outside and she was the odd one out. She was offered a smoke, but Brianne knew the dangers of smoking. Brianne declined and although she wanted to fit in, she felt good.
Karin left her computer unlocked in her work station. Her coworkers decided to play a joke on her. They sent an email to everyone in the office. The email indicated that Karin had passed some gas. Karin always locked her computer after that.
Danny had been very well behaved this week. His mother decided he had deserved a prize. She took him to the local toy store and allowed him to get one thing. Danny chose to get a dinosaur who roared loudly. They went home and Danny played with his new toy all night.
Olivia had sent birthday party invitations to all of her friends. She had heard back from everybody except for her very best friend! She was starting to feel as if her best friend didn't care. Meanwhile, her friend was sad for she had not received an invitation. When the lost mail finally arrived, the misunderstanding was resolved!
Bob just arrived in Chicago. He had heard how amazing the skyline was. He decided to take a boat out to the lake. He waited until night to see the skyline. He couldn't believe how breathtaking all the lights at night were!
Emma was making a soup. She followed her recipe step by step. When it came time to season it, she misread a measurement. Instead of one teaspoon, she put one tablespoon of garlic powder in. The entire soup tasted way too much like garlic.
I tried plugging in my new iPad yesterday. All of the sudden it would not start. I realized the cord was broken. It was frustrating. So I had to buy another one.
Kia was shopping for a used car. She found a promising one in the paper. But when she took it for a test drive, she got a surprise. The car clearly needed a new transmission and other parts. Kia decided the car wasn't good enough.
I was waiting for my dad to pick me up from my after school program. I received a call from her, and found out that she can't pick me up. My teacher who drove across me stopped. She offered me a ride home. I accepted her offer and I ended up reaching home quickly.
My daughter was in the bathroom playing. Now my toilet won't flush. I tried using a plunger to no avail. I also tried some drain clog chemicals. Nothing worked, so now I have to call the plumber.
Yesterday my son went with his friends to a concert. He loved Blink 182 since he was in junior high. He is now 27, and was excited to see the band. He posted a lot of videos on Snapchat. He was tired this morning.
One day Grandma noticed the dryer wasn't drying the clothes properly. She called the repair man and told him what was going on. The repair man came out to her house. He looked at the dryer and discovered it was broken. He fixed her dryer and grandma was happy.
James's computer stopped working one day. He tried to fix it himself but to no avail. He then took the computer to a local repair shop. They looked at his computer and figured out what was wrong. Now James's computer is working like brand new.
Tina scraped herself. It was a bad fall. Luckily she had a first aid kit. So she was covered. Later it felt better.
Greg needed to wake up for school. He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm. Suddenly, his mom burst into the room. He had missed the bus. His mom had to drive him to school, and Greg was in trouble.
Andrew's friend invited him to the premiere of a movie. Andrew was excited and went to the store to get new clothes. Andrew got picked up at night. Andrew saw the movie. He enjoyed the movie.
Tom was trying to play videogames online. He kept noticing lag. Tom called his internet provider. They told him they were having problems on their end. Tom was annoyed but couldn't do anything about it.
Willard moves to a remote town in West Virginia. He settles down into rural life and is at peace. No signals rattle around in the air and confuse his brain. All isn't rosy and keen. Willard really hates having to plug cables into his laptop.
Meg bought a new home. She needed her walls painted. Her sister Jess decided to help. They spent four weeks painting. Now her house looks like it should be in a magazine!
Sam was on a diet. He had recently gone vegan. His girlfriend bought him a juicer. Sam went to the grocery store and bought lots of fruits and veggies. He put them inside his juicer and made a delicious smoothie.
Bob lived near his college campus. He lived with two roommates. He left for class one day and came home to find his computer missing. Bob called the police thinking that he had been robbed. It turned out the one of his roommates had borrowed the computer.
Liz moved into a new neighborhood and a new school for her kids. She did not know anyone and felt very lonely at times. She heard about a few opportunities to volunteer at school. She began to meet people and make friends. Now she encourages others to reach out and volunteer to get involved.
I was driving my little Toyota through town. I had the sunroof open to enjoy the warm day. A wasp came in through the sunroof landing on the steering wheel. I saw it and freaked out when I saw it. I pulled over and jumped out of the car to wait for it to fly away.
James woke up early on Sunday morning. He put on his best suit and tie for the big event. His minivan sped towards the church building. James preached his sermon to the congregation. Many people came up and complimented him after he was finished.
I collect comic book original art. I liked Dick Giordano's work. Sadly, his work is expensive. Recently I found his inkwork on eBay. It was inexpensive, so I bought it.
Ned saw an old man being pushed around. Thugs were trying to get at his wallet. Ned ran up quickly and pushed them aside. Then he helped the old man to safety. The old man thanked Ned for his heroism!
Kevin was a super-star comedian. He flew to Philadelphia for a show. In a restaurant he met Duane, a teenager trying to be a comedian. The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin. But Kevin was offended and punched the teenager on his face.
Gina had fallen on ice in the middle of the street. She hopped to her feet quickly trying to get to her car. The door stood open and a car was coming fast. She hopped in the car quickly and put it in drive. She was able to move her car just as the other car was approaching.
Javier rarely gets to play soccer. Usually the taller boys get to play. One the last game of the season, Javier has the chance to play. He runs very fast and scores a goal! The coach tells Xavier that he can play more next season.
A man taunted another man about his looks. He was disabled however. Enough loudmouth he yelled and hit him hard. The disabled man  was shocked about being hit. However, he never taunted people that did not deserve it.
Lily loved the snow and ice. She was playing outside and was curious. She seen ice on a pole and wondered if it tasted good. Lily licked the pole and her tongue got stuck. Her mother heard her crying and ran to release her tongue.
Pat filmed a movie with his friends. He submitted the film to a film festival. The film took first place. For a while he was treated as if he was a movie star. Pat loved the fame and began to make another movie.
Today my daughter asked me to adopt a new child. I told her as a single mom, I couldn't afford two children. She thought on that for a little while in her room. Shortly before dinner, she came out of her room with a big smile. She told me I just needed to adopt a new daddy.
Bob was learning to cook. Sarah was teaching him to cook rice. He boiled the water and added the rice. Bob forgot to check the stove. Bob burned the rice.
Monica went surfing with her friends one morning. As it was her first time, she took it slowly. She started by kneeling on the surfboard. And eventually she made it to a stand up position. When she managed to surf for two seconds, she screamed in victory.
Brian and Katie went to grade school together. They really enjoyed each other's company and hung out every day. One day Brian moved far away and could no longer see Katie. After ten years they found each other on Facebook. They arranged to have coffee and are now dating each other.
The Johnsons always enjoyed their trips to the beach. Sandy Johnson loved to walk on the beach with her husband. The children built many sandcastles and one year a contest was held. Many castles were built by many children, but the Johnsons won. A photo of the castle of taken and printed in a famous magazine.
Jason just finished school to become a Chef. He just landed his first job in a kitchen. He found out he would not be the Chef. He would be working as a prep cook instead. He never showed up at the job.
Trip shot the woman in the face, spreading it on the ceiling. He decorated the walls with her children's blood. He nearly decapitated her husband with a blast to his throat. Trip grinned and leaned forward, really getting into it. His mom shouted to stop playing video games and do his homework.
The radio announced a bad storm. Anna was afraid. She shuttered her windows and huddled in her room. The storm was bad, but brief. Soon it was over, and the sun returned!
Our teacher called on us to present. We introduced ourselves and began talking about our project. Since Dan didn't do much of the project, he froze up. When he was asked to address a certain question, he was confused. The class felt extremely awkward.
Sam liked to sit indoors playing video games. One day his favorite video game system broke. Sam tried hard to fix it but could not. He was upset and bored until he went outside. Sam found many exciting things outside and had a great time.
Tim loved architecture. He studied historical doors. He found 1000 year old European doors to be the most stylish. He purchased a similar looking door for his own home. He was happy to see that door everyday.
Kay needed a new phone, as her phone would not turn on anymore. She went on Amazon and researched Samsung phones. She went to several stores and spoke with salespersons about phones. Kay decided to purchase a Samsung Note 7. She was very pleased with the new phone.
Abby was a nine year old ballet student. The annual recital was approaching, making her nervous. Her mom practiced with her every single day. The day of the recital Abby tried her best to calm herself. When the curtain rose, she went out on stage and killed it!
Craig's Poodle gave birth to a litter of 8 puppies. One puppy was much smaller than the others. It was so small that nobody expected it to survive. A woman bought the puppy and gave it special treatment. What was once an unhealthy runt is now a thriving dog.
I was walking around at night. I saw a racoon. It was cute so I approached it. The racoon bit me and it had rabies. I was saved at the hospital and I learned to be wary of racoons.
Laura wanted to get her nails painted. She went to the beauty salon. She got her nails painted pink. Afterwards, she went to the mall. Her friends complimented her new nails.
Sam loves sandwiches. He asked Jordan to eat lunch with him. Jordan agreed. Sam and Jordan made different types of sandwiches. Sam and Jordan ate the sandwiches for lunch,
Johnny had a confession for a priest. Johnny's cousin invited him to his church to talk to his priest. Johnny was afraid but he went to meet his cousin's priest. In the church, Johnny told the priest he cheated on his wife. The priest told Johnny women make sinners of us all.
Charles suffered from back pain. It never got better. He was convinced to go to a doctor. Charles had a bulging disk. Minor surgery fixed his problem.
Mark's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores. To thank Mark, his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game. At the baseball game, Mark caught a foul ball. With his new souvenir in hand, they walked home after the game. Mark was so excited to tell his mother about their day that evening.
Brian was walking along the pier. He tripped over a plank and lost his balance. As he was falling, he realized he was headed towards the water. He was able to catch himself before falling in. Now he is more careful whenever he visits that pier.
Henry's dog ran off after something. He heard a loud yip as she ran back towards him. There were long needles sticking out of her snout. She had met up with a porcupine. She stayed close to home for quite some time after that.
Brianna was a keen environmentalist. She spent her spare time campaigning against big companies. She knew that industry was a large problem to the environment. Despite her peaceful protests, nothing changed. However, she never felt discouraged and just wanted to show support.
My niece used to smoke when visiting our home. One day she reached over to grab something. Her cigarette ash fell and burned my 5 year old son's arm. I was upset, but did not show it. Next time I told visitors no smoking in our home.
I have always lived in the city. So I have always had fast Wifi. I'm visiting my girlfriend's parents who live in Tennessee. There is one internet provider available to them and it's dial up. I don't use the internet much while I'm here.
Peter wanted to get first place for his team in a new game! He wasn't very good at it but he was very confident in his ability. After a few times failing he was getting more nervous. Eventually Peter got first place for his team! Everyone was very happy with him, even if it took awhile.
Lauren notices that her bedroom is getting hot. She needs some way to stay cool. She buys a small fan for her bedroom. She uses the fan every night. Lauren is glad that her bedroom is cooler.
One day in second grade we were all on the playground. As we were playing, one kid called another an idiot to my dismay. My mom had always told me that words like idiot are cuss words. I quickly ran to tell my teacher who dismissed me and told me to play. From then I was very confused about the severity of the word idiot.
James had been avoiding his parents. He knew his parents had found out about his bad grades. He would be grounded if he went home. James skipped school and went to play arcade games. His parents eventually found out where he was and took him home.
He was extremely drunk that night. When he let her off the floor, he told her what to do. He instructed her to go get him a beer and a kitchen knife. She brought it to him and he began to cut his arm. He continued to scream at her the entire time.
Jessie was about to go to summer camp. First, his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus. They had to drive through the woods, and through a big city. Finally, they arrived at the bus stop. Jessie said goodbye to his mom and boarded the camp bus.
It was late at night. Max was hungry. He had no food in his apartment. He asked his neighbor for a snack. His neighbor gave him a whole meal.
The photographers were all crowded around the palace. THe prince was out for a stroll. They took photographs of him from every angle. He was used to being a celebrity. He ducked back into the palace when it got to be too much.
Alex was playing a video game. He had been trying to beat the same level for almost an hour. After losing for the twentieth time, he became angry. He threw the controller at the wall. When he looked, he saw that the controller was broken.
Amy was crashing from her coffee buzz. Her friend Kim saw her in the tall. She remarked that Amy looked horrible. She reminded Amy caffeine would perk her up again. Amy's eye lit up when she realized she could drink more coffee.
Austin's baseball team was entered in a final tournament. The team practiced all week together before the tournament. Austin's baseball team was sure that they had a good shot at winning. During the tournament they had to face a lot of good teams. Because Austin's team worked real hard they ended up winning it all.
Lee saw a news story about kids not having Christmas gifts. He was moved so much by their story that he decided to help. He went to a toy store and bought a bunch of gifts. He dropped them into a Toys For Tots box. Lee felt like he had made a difference with his generosity.
Lucy was lost at her grandparents. She walked for over an hour and was still very lost. Every car that passed she prayed would be a police car. There were no police cars and no police station. Lucy stood on a corner utterly lost and afraid.
Davis notices that he has a rash on his torso. He decides he needs to have a doctor look at it. The doctor gives Davis ointment to rub on the rash every day. Eventually the rash begins to go away. Davis is happy he doesn't have a rash any longer.
I lived in Austin, Texas. It was very warm in december. Luckily, I worked from home. I grabbed my laptop and went outside. I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather!
Patty always wanted her kids to achieve. One day her son came home sad. He failed one of his classes. Patty was mad. She punished him.
Mark considered Charles a real friend. But he was wrong. Charles pulled up on Mark's girlfriend in a new car. She got inside his car and Charles kissed her. Mark saw the ordeal walked up to Charles and said they're not friends.
Ben is taking his family on their first road trip. He decided to drive them to Yosemite. His two daughters were very excited at the start of the trip. A few hours later, the two young girls got really bored. They fell asleep for a few hours and woke up at Yosemite.
Harold and his wife were eating lunch at a cafe. Suddenly while eating, the doors of the restaurant burst open. Men with guns told everyone to get on the ground and not move. The men made the restaurant and diners give them all of their money. After they left, Harold and his wife went home very sad.
I was walking to the bus station. It started raining. The bus was late so I waited for one hour. My feet were soaked due to the rain. Thus, I developed trench foot and had to go to the hospital.
When I was in high school I took biology. The classroom was in a lab, with rats and frogs, The rats ran on the wheel, which squeaked. The teach put a pencil in to stop the wheel from working. The room cheered when the rats pushed the pencil out and ran.
Tom and Luke were playing basketball in their backyard. But Tom accidentally threw the ball at his bedroom window. Tom's parents had a new window installed. But when Luke wanted to play basketball again, Tom was too scared. So Luke and Tom ended up going to a park to play.
Jamal was standing outside of the grocery store selling CDs. He used to make one hundred dollars a day. That was before the Ipod came out. Now he was lucky to sell  three CDs. Jamal had to find a new career because nobody buys CDs anymore.
Jericho was a miniature schnauzer my cousin owned. One day my cousins gate blew open in a bad wind storm. My cousin came home to find Jericho gone from her yard. All evening long she searched for Jericho but to no avail. The next morning when she woke up Jericho was laying on the porch.
Grant was a very sweet boy, but he had trouble paying attention. If someone was talking to him, chances were he wasn't listening. He lived in his own world, which could be a problem. One day his parents were trying to figure out why his grades were bad. They realized it was because he had so much trouble paying attention!
Nanette was reckless. She loved speed and speeded her way through everything. But her most cherished reckless behavior was when she body jumped. She let herself go at high speed, feeling the air in her lungs escape. That moment of total recklessness and speed defined her for life.
I went to the mall yesterday to check out some sunglasses. I could not believe how amazing the sunglasses were. When I tried some on, I asked for the price. The saleswoman told me they were one thousand dollars. I was shocked and immediately went home.
Ana was flying home for Christmas to surprise her family. Unfortunately, because of bad weather the flight was cancelled. Ana scrambled to find an alternative. She found a bus that would be driving through the night. She bought a seat and made it home on time.
Alistair bought a piggy bank to save with. He put several nickels into it everyday. Eventually he was able to save up for a new book. He broke the piggy bank to get the change. Finally he got his new book.
Tom was really hungry at night. He didn't want to cook anything new. He found some leftovers from a restaurant. They were a few days old but Tom heated them up anyway. They tasted better than expected.
Braxton and Angela met and had love at first sight Braxton was already married to heather Braxton and Heather got divorce on mutual agreement Braxton and Angela had three kids and adopted three more Braxton and Angela finally married and lived happily with their brood
Mike was working out his back. He had a good workout. The next day, his back started hurting. He decided to stop working out for a while. He needed to let it heal.
Shuli liked to practice computer programming. One day, he decided to code a game to test his skills. He worked night and day, and rarely slept. Finally, he showed his friends his game. It worked perfectly!
Val was a bully for years. Recently she had turned over a new leaf. She decided to make amends. She saw approached Ali who was her favorite victim. Ali was thoroughly shocked to receive an apology from Val.
The family sat down with the reporter. THey were going to give their first interview. They'd won the lottery and lots of people wanted to hear their story. They told them their experience about winning the fortune. The public loved hearing about the events.
Dan wanted to buy himself a new car. He first researched cars he liked. Then, he went to a dealership. He picked out his favorite car. Lastly, he drove the new car home.
Lucy went on a safari. She sat in the truck. As it started it was very bumpy. Lucy was not sure she liked that. But she loved the animals.
Bob loved to go to the beach. He decided to spend his afternoon at the beach. He dug his toes into the sand. He also watched the ocean waves. Bob spent the entire afternoon relaxing at the beach.
Ted bought a metal detector. He took it to the beach one day. When he started using it, he heard a beep. He began to dig all day. At the end of the day, he just found an anchor.
Kia went to a psychic fair. One palm reader appealed to her. She let the old woman tell her fortune. The old crone said Kia would have a long, happy life. Kia was very happy with the prediction!
Susan loved to bake cakes. She had her first order for a three tier wedding cake. She put dowels in the cake to hold the layers together. She loaded the cake in the car thinking that it would stay in place. As soon as she started to drive the cake fell over.
Chris and Carrie fell in love too soon Chris was too jealous of carrie's male friends Chris picked up fights and was abusive to her Carrie had to leave him for good but, in her heart, she always had love for Chris
Kelsey liked to watch TV. She had one show she really liked. After she ate dinner she went to her living room. She turned the TV on. She watched her favorite show.
Duke was down by 13 points in the basketball game. The crowd was quite, the game appeared all over. But Oregon couldn't make a shot! Now Duke pushed the pace, and they couldn't miss! Eventually they came back, the fans were stunned and loud.
Today I was sitting in class when a student came running through. He was yelling about Paul Revere. The entire class laughed, but the professor was mad. She reported the student to the institution. The school put the student on probation.
Ben and his friends were sitting on top of a hill. Ben sat down on his skateboard and sped down the hill. When he reached the bottom his friends said they wanted to try too. His friend began to copy Ben but slipped off halfway down the hill. He hurt his arm badly and Ben and his friends called an ambulance.
I took our kids swimming in Walden Pond one day. They were ten and seven. We found a log and used it as a float. We swam out to the middle of the pond and back. The lifeguard took the log away as a safety hazard.
Hillary was bored in class. She decided to draw in her notebook. She drew a funny picture of her teacher. Her teacher saw the picture that she drew when he walked by her desk. Sam got detention for a week.
I was supposed to share a house with someone. I took all of my things over there. His sister had to approve me. I spent one night there. She didn't let me stay.
Jacob was nervous for his first day of high school. He wasn't sure where all of his classes were located. Jacob had to ask some friends for help finding some classrooms. He then found all of his classrooms and even made it to class on time. Jacob was happy with his first day of high school.
I climbed to the top of my roof with the ladder. My leg accidentally licked the ladder when I reached the top. The ladder fell and landed in the tree. Since no one was outside, I didn't know what to do. My wife eventually found me after a few hours.
The news warned that a strong hurricane was coming. The forecaster stated that everyone should evacuate their homes. Harold stubbornly refused to evacuate and stayed home. The hurricane came and ravaged many parts of the area. Harold was lucky and his home suffered minor damage.
One time, Papa decided to take the family to the mountains. The kids sat in the back of the old army truck for hours. They set up camp and collected firewood. Tom went exploring and heard a big, loud roaring sound nearby. Thinking it was a lion, he sneaked away and saw was a bobcat!
I went for a walk the other day. I went walking up to the convenient store down the street. I went to the store to get some candy and chips. On my way there I got very lost. It took me hours to get back home.
Dana bought a new pair of shoes. She thought they looked good. All her friends hated them. They told her to stop wearing them. Dana didn't care because she likes them.
My boyfriend in high school always went overboard. He was three years older than me and made a lot of money. We decided to attend my senior prom. He arrived at my house in a horse drawn carriage! We rode the carriage to prom.
Tim was invited to a secret party. He didn't know where it would be. At the last minute he was texted an address. Tim went with a friend. They both had a lot of fun.
We are going to the mountains. We got all our supplies to be on this trip for a few days. We will be leaving on Thursday and coming back on Monday. While in the mountains we will be staying outdoors. After we are done with our trip we will be taking a long bath.
Valerie was discharged from the hospital today. Her mom took her home. As soon as she walked inside, she started to eat food. Since there was barely anything to eat, her mom ordered food. Valerie continued to eat until she fell asleep.
Iris and her husband were on vacation, and they were hungry. They walked into town and chose a restaurant. The hostess told them it would be an hour long wait. They were so hungry, but they decided to wait. When they finally ate dinner, it was extra satisfying.
Ralph and his wife were driving down the highway at night. Suddenly a car emerged out of nowhere and passed them in a second! It must have been going 100 miles per hour. Ralph's wife called the police from her cell phone. Miles down the road, they saw the police had caught the bad guy!
We called him D-loc, and he was from Port Arthur Texas. One evening, in a college apartment, he fired a gun from the balcony. The swat team showed up and surrounded the complex. D-loc held five students hostage inside. At five in the morning, swat shot D-loc while trying to flee.
The family was taking a trip. They were going to a famous history museum. They all wanted to learn as much as they could about history. They took all day going through the exhibits. The museum had taught them a lot!
Tom was reading to his kids before bedtime. He got pretty into it himself. Before he was done his kids had fallen asleep. Tom wanted to know the ending. He kept reading through to the end.
The family approached the terminal to check out the new cruise ship. The boys were excited to see the ship they had been reading about. They begged their mother to let them sail on that ship some day. Their mother told them that she had a surprise for them. She said they were returning to the USA on that ship today.
One night, I brushed my teeth before going to bed. But while brushing, I felt a sore in my mouth. I brushed more slowly to avoid being hurt. When I was done, I rinsed my mouth. The next day, I called the dentist so he could look at the sore.
Tim was playing with his toys. he saw smoke coming from the kitchen. He got scared. He screamed for help. It turns out it was only steam from his mom's cooking.
I was alone at home since my parents were out. Although my friends invited me to a party, I declined. I ended up pulling out my books to read. In addition, I ordered some pizza from the local pizzeria. I eventually went to sleep after the basketball game on TV was over.
Johan rode his bike through the forest path. A small rabbit jumped onto the path in front of Johan. Johan's bike began to lose control when he swerved. He smacked a tree branch with face. Sitting on the ground he felt some of his had been knocked out.
After I broke my leg, the doctor prescribed me physical therapy. Every day of the week, for 8 weeks I spent three hours at the clinic. In the beginning I thought the therapist was just causing me pain. I did not want to come to physical therapy, but soon I changed. I realized that pain was just part of the healing process.
Aaron met the most amazing girl at Starbucks. He swore it was love at first site. They talked for about an hour before she had to leave. He was so happy when she gave him her number. He then realized he didn't even ask her what her name was.
Joe and dan wanted to get away. They decided to go fishing. They picked a quiet spot off the coast. They fished all day long and stayed the night. It was a trip to remember for both guys.
Jules was doing her makeup. She had spent a long time doing her eyeliner. Then she tried to put some foundation on. She accidentally swiped her eye makeup. It smeared across her face.
Anne was invited to dinner. She was told not to bring dessert. She wanted to bring something. So she went to the store and bought a bottle of wine. Anne brought the wine with her to dinner.
Natalie was walking home from work one evening. She saw that the moon was red. She was completely amazed and stopped to look at it. Finally, she continued on her way home. Later, she learned that there had been a blood moon that night.
Vera ordered a product that promised a face lift without surgery. When the package arrived, Vera saw it was only a roll of sticky tape. She followed the directions, using the tape to pull her skin tight. Liking the effect, Vera went out wearing the tape. She was laughing with pals when the tape dislodged and her face fell.
Steve needed a job right away! He was living at his parents and they started charging him rent. He applied all over town for all sorts of jobs. He finally got an interview with a bank! He passed the interview and was offered a job as a bank teller.
Bobby asked his parents for a new game console. His parents said that he had to do chores. Bobby did his chores for a whole month straight. Bobby's parents went out and bought the new game console. Bobby was happy with his new game console.
Last Saturday I went to the movies with my friends. We saw the late night showing of the movie Burnt. I could barely stay awake since it was midnight. The movie was so long and kind of dull. After the movie I went home and promptly fell asleep.
Jessica went to a pool party. There was drinks and food and good music. She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends. At the end of the party, everyone said goodbye and gave hugs. The pool party was a success.
I hated Fall. It reminded me of death. I couldn't stand Fall anymore so I decided to move. I moved to Guam where there was no Fall season. I became happier because I didn't have to experience Fall in Guam.
Cheyenne graduated from cosmetology school and got her license. She rented a booth in an established salon. Over the next month or so she attempted to get new clients. However, it was very hard to do since the salon had no walk-in hours. She decided to rent from a different salon instead.
My dad said that it looked good enough to stop. I kept mowing the grass over and over. I wanted to be sure I had gotten all of it. We had a small back yard. It was one of my first times cutting the grass.
As Sue got on the plane, she began to get nervous. Her heart raced and her palms got sweaty. She almost turned back. Then she found her seat. She took a deep breath and prepared for take off.
Sam wanted to start a business. He got a small loan for $1000 from his father. Sam was able to develop a software company with the money. His company eventually became very successful. Sam was able to sell his company to Google for 2 million dollars.
Charles and Trina were seriously dating. Charles loved her and asked  her to please be loyal. She said she is always loyal and faithful to her boyfriend. But Charles noticed she gets a lot of phone calls from guys. She said her definition of being loyal is not having sex with others.
Sheryl drove to a new house. She looked at it with a Realtor. She told the Realtor it wasn't for her. She thanked the Realtor for showing her the house. She drove home.
Once, my girlfriend was on a trip to the Taj Mahal for school. They stopped somewhere and there was a performing monkey. My girlfriend was eating cashews, and the monkey stole them. He then slapped her in the face and ran away. She still hates monkeys to day.
Tom was ten and loved doing magic tricks. He gathered his family for a card trick. But he fumbled the trick, and it did not work well! Tom was ashamed, but his family hugged him and encouraged him. They said practice made perfect and Tom was well on his way there!
Gia was making a road trip. She decided she needed to use the restroom. It was nighttime and the place she stopped wasn't well lit. Gia decided to go to a better lit area. She found a well lit area with security to stop at.
Don showed up for his clarinet lesson. He forgot to bring his music. A teacher told him to play some scales. Don really was not ready for that. After that they played some duets with teacher.
Tim loved listening to great thinkers speak. Tim would take notes and re-read the notes regularly. Tim wanted to learn about his favorite thinkers more. Time decided that reading was the best way. Tim felt a stronger connection to the thinkers after reading.
Terry is terrible at math! He has to take a math exam. Terry failed the exam. His class grade went down significantly. Terry is going to have to retake math next year.
My wife's niece goes to college in Ohio. She lives in MA. Yesterday she posted on FB that this was her senior year. She was proud of getting through college. Everyone gave her encouragement.
TJ had very sore hips. He decided to take a bath. The hot water soothed his sore body. Eventually he got out of the tub. He felt very relaxed after his bath.
Allie wanted her cartilage done. She went to the tattoo parlor. But they said it would cost one hundred dollars. Allie was shocked. So she immediately walked out.
Mark needed to buy a new car. He researched many cars online. He went to several dealerships and test drove many cars. He finally settled on a car he liked. He negotiated a price and purchased the car.
Dan loved having game night with his family. Tonight, Dan's family decided to play Trouble for game night. As the game progressed, Dan was losing badly. However, Dan's luck was changing as he was winning. Dan was glad that he was no longer losing the game.
Vinny was walking to the store to pick up some milk. He ran across a beggar in the street asking for money. He reached into his pocket for his wallet. It wasn't in there! If he hadn't seen the bum he would have went to the store for nothing.
In fifth grade I got stung by a bee. I had never been stung before. I was playing soccer when I felt I weird pain right on my groin. I ran to the nurse's office in panic. The bee was still in my boxers connected to the stinger.
I went to the movie theater with my girlfriend. She told me she wanted popcorn and a drink. I ordered a large popcorn and a large drink. It came up to thirty dollars. I decided that we both weren't that hungry after all.
Gina was in the 2nd half of detention. She was hiding her phone while texting Mary across the room. Gina lost her grip on her phone. It tumbled to the floor and slid away from her. She sat in horror as the teacher picked it up.
Liam and Gus were good friends but very competitive. Liam set out to beat Gus at basketball. He dribbled fast but tripped at the last second. Gus snatched the ball and scored. Liam conceded defeat and both friends went to drink a beer.
Carl got new shoes from the store. He was prepared to wear them the next day for school. Carl woke up to find his shoes were chewed up by his dog. Carl was devastated and showed his parents what happened. His parents felt bad and week later bought him another pair.
Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers. There were many complaints made about Janet. She was worried that she may lose her job. Janet spoke with her supervisor about the complaints. She received training to help her be more friendly.
We had our 2 year old granddaughter over from NYC last weekend. She left on Labor Day, from Boston. I had a dream last night. I dreamt we took her to a beautiful zoo. I miss my granddaughter.
I fell flat on my face. There was mud everywhere. There were people stepping on me. I had fallen in a pit. This was at a cross country race.
Every year the Allston Brighton areas of Boston have a parade. In 1996, I walked with my son in the parade. His cub scout troop was in the parade. We walked three miles from Allston to the end of Brighton. My son slept well that night.
Jane has a science test. She has been studying for weeks. When the teacher passed out the test, Jane was ready. She filled in all the answers. She knew she made an A.
Maria was shopping at the mall with her mom. She had a cart full of clothing that she wanted. Her mom told her that they could only afford one shirt. Maria agonized over her decision. Finally, she decided on one shirt with red stripes.
Natasha wanted become a news anchor. She would study the local news and practice daily. Natasha went to college to pursue her dreams. When she graduated she applied for a job at her hometown news station. Natasha was thrilled when she landed her dream job.
Kia locked her keys in her car one day. She was so frustrated! Sha called the service company for help. It took them an hour to arrive. Kia spent the whole time cursing her own stupidity!
Joy lived her whole life being jealous of her twin brother Joe. Joe made more money, had better kids, and was smarter and funnier. But then one day Joe was diagnosed with fatal advanced cancer. He left all his money to Joy, and she adopted his kids. Now she tried to live in a way that will honor his memory.
My friends and I were filming a skit. We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set. We acted out the scenes and filmed them. After that, we edited the footage. When we were done, the skit looked great.
Rose had been studying for her driving exam for weeks. Finally the big day arrived. Her driving instructor looked intimidating, but she tried to be calm. She passed both the written and practical with flying colors! Rose knew the stress was worth it when she held her new license.
March was Adam's favorite month. It was because he loved to fly kites and March had perfect windy days. He took his kites out of storage and walked to an empty field. Soon his kite was soaring high in the sky. Adam felt at home.
One morning while at work, Bills chest began to ache. As the day went on, Bill's chest hurt more and more with each breath. Bill left work when the pain got too bad and he was short of breath. Bill called his doctor, but he had to wait until 3pm to get seen. Instead of waiting to see his doctor, Bill went to urgent care.
My dad was driving in his car. He saw something in the middle of the road. It was a turtle! My dad got out of his car. He moved the turtle off the road.
Kim ran out of dog pads. So she drove to her local pet store. She looked for pads in the store. She found a huge pack of them and bought them. She now had dog pads.
Armando had worked at the same senior village for over 40 years. Armando decided it was finally time to retire and relax. Armando notified his boss by giving him his two weeks notice. After the two weeks had passed Armando left work for the last time. Armando enjoyed his retirement and had a good life.
Jimmy was having picnic at the park. He packed a delicious turkey sandwich. As he was about to take a bite a bird swooped down and grabbed it. The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky. Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home.
Greta wanted to go to the ballet. Her husband hated the ballet. He wanted to surprise her. He bought ballet tickets to the Nutcracker. For date night, he took Greta to the ballet.
David needed something new. He had just broke up with his long time girlfriend. He decided he needed to take on a challenge. He called his buddies up and told them he wanted to climb. He climbed to the very top of the highest mountain.
Jay hung out with his friends sister. They all went to the mall They all walked around. Then they went to a burger place It was a fun time.
Mark wanted to buy a video game that comes out next week. Mark realized he was thirty dollars short. Suddenly, he remembered that he owned an old piggy bank. After a while of searching, he finally found it! Lucky Mark, there was exactly thirty dollars in his piggy bank.
Jimmy joined the football team his sophomore year. He practiced hard every day, staying longer than his teammates. He was nervous about his first game, which was only a week away. Therefore, he drove himself harder than before. On the day of the game, he was so tired that he didn't perform well.
One bedroom over the crawl space had an unexplained cord. The lamp cord went through a drilled hole in the floor. The man went outside to follow where the cord would lead. He followed it to the shed in the backyard. The cord was powering an extension cord in the shed.
Sarah's goldfish died. She became really sad. Sarah went to the pet store to buy a new fish. She bought a new goldfish similar to her old one. Sarah was happy that she was able to get a new pet.
The wind has been blowing very strongly. My fence looks like it is going to break. I bought all of the supplies to fix my weak fence. I just need some help from some friends. I need to make some friends so they can help me fix the fence.
Josh was in high school. He always made perfect grades. One day he forgot about a quiz. He decided to cheat and got caught. Josh's parents were called and he was punished.
Will was walking down the beach barefoot. All of a sudden he felt a sharp pain. He had stepped on a rusty can, cutting his foot. He couldn't remember the last time he had a tetanus shot. He went to the clinic to get one to keep himself safe.
Beth was late coming home to take her dog out. So he defecated on the floor. Ten minutes later her iRobot did it's daily 90 minute sweep. When Beth came home there was dog feces everywhere. She had to hire a professional service to clean it.
Ann has an English paper due tomorrow. She has not even started it. She decided to go out tonight instead. When she got home she was too tired to stay up. Ann had to take a late grade.
As a child, Rudy loved to make people laugh. He enjoyed seeing joy on everyone's face. One day, he decided to try his luck at comedy. As Rudy grew older, he learned he could get paid for his talent. Rudy is now known as a most famous comedian.
Pat went to the store to buy plastic eggs. She also bought bags of Easter candy. When she got home she filled the eggs with candy. She then hit the eggs out in the yard in a variety of places. Her grandkids came over in the morning for the egg hunt.
Now that Samantha had won Miss USA, her confidence was high. She traveled all over, and held her reign. But of course, she wanted to hit the all time high. So, she entered the Miss World pageant. She danced, walked in bikinis/gowns and won Miss World!
Nia and her friends decided to go on a cruise trip one summer. One day a little kid peed in the pool. Everyone got out. One of the cruise workers drained the pool. Afterward everyone got back in again.
Kara spilled her glass of iced tea onto her laptop. Her cat was startled by her screaming and scratched her. She fell off her chair trying to escape her cat's sharp claws. Kara hit her head on the wall as she fell and passed out. When she woke up, she vowed to only use smartphones from here on out.
Jill and her brother Jack are both running for Class President. It's a neck and neck race between the two siblings. But Jill narrowly edge out Jack to win. Jack pouts for a week after his sister wins. He finally apologizes for his behavior and congratulates her.
Larry loved going trick or treating. Last year he worked on his costume himself. Every house he went to was really impressed. A few gave him extra candy over it. He had a lot of fun and ate candy for weeks.
Carl was running for mayor in his town. He printed an ad in his paper. Carl printed out flyers and mailed them to the local people. He went out and met with people when he could. Carl won the election.
Marcus really wanted to become the best bodybuilder. The competition was tough. So he did the unthinkable. He took steroids. As a result, he was banned from competing.
I went to the casino tonight. I figured I had a little time before work. I was really hoping to win a little money. I played for about an hour. Unfortunately, I lost.
Nick threw the dough up in the air. He was making a pizza. He put the dough in the pan, then added the toppings. The pizza was thick and greasy. He gobbled it up when it came out of the oven.
Zaddy Tracks is a black cat. He is over ten years old. Last spring he got very sick. He went to the veterinarian who gave him some pills for his liver. Zaddy Tracks got better.
Tim is a lonely man. Tim works day and night at a factory Job. Tim is very lonely and decides to head out to the bar one night. At the bar Tim chats it up with a lady. They really get into each other and become a couple.
Years ago, I visited my boyfriend at his house in the country. After our visit, we both left and I followed his truck in my car. My boyfriend lost control of his truck on the gravel road. I could not stop my car in time so I ran into his truck. Despite being injured in our crash, he proposed to me that night.
Today John was going to Disneyland for the first time. He was very excited he heard great things about it from his friends. Him and his family drove to Disneyland. John really enjoyed Disneyland. He wanted to go again.
Rodger is up to bat in a baseball game. His team is down by 2 runs. The bases are loaded. The pitch comes to Rodger. He swings and knocks the ball out of the park to win the game.
Janice was walking to the grocery store. She needed to cross one busy highway. At the crosswalk, she pressed the button and waited. When the light turned, she began walking. Suddenly a car sped out in front of her and barely missed hitting her.
Albert worked hard to save money for a boat. He learned very much about boats until he saved enough. When Albert went to buy a boat. He didn't find any boat models he liked. Albert left the store without buying a boat.
Craig is starting to outgrow his soccer cleats. He decides to go shopping for a slightly bigger pair. Craig finds a pair of bright blue cleats that fit him perfectly. Although they are expensive, Craig decides to buy them. Now that he has new cleats he feels ready for the upcoming season.
Candy got a job at a local gentleman's club. She earned a reputation of being feisty. One new client didn't know this about Candy and started egging her on. Candy sassed him back. Candy didn't receive a tip.
Denise found a cat in her backyard. Her daughter asked if they could keep it. The cat grew fatter and fatter. Suddenly, there were five kittens! Now Denise and her daughter have six cats.
Mike went outside to cut his grass on a weekend afternoon. He grabbed the lawn mower and began to cut his grass. Suddenly, Mike felt a powerful earthquake beneath his feet. A tall tree from his neighbor's yard smashed into his backyard shed. Mike's yard became an even bigger mess, but Mike was safe.
Thieves had stolen the pipes in Jane's empty house. She had to go a week without water. The inspector came to check the pipes. And the water was finally turned back on. She was happy to finally have water again.
The holidays are here. I've mixed feelings about them. They can be kind of fake. I'm working at a soup kitchen on Christmas. I want to put some sincere feelings back into Christmas.
Eric finishes his last day of high school. He heads home to spend the summer with his little brother. They have a great summer together. After summer ends Eric says his goodbyes. He leaves for college.
I tried making ice cream the other day. I found an ice cream maker and bought all necessary ingredients. I tried to follow the instructions, but they were complicated. It took three hours to make the ice cream. When I tasted it, it was so bad that I had to throw it out.
Kate's favorite water was on sale. But there was only 2 bottles on the shelf. She almost left. Then decided to have a store employee check the back for more. She was happy this idea had come to her.
Joe broke Cindy's smartphone. Joe was very ashamed, so he promised to pay her back. Cindy told him that it cost 300 dollars. Joe couldn't afford this, so he offered to work it off. Cindy had him shovel manure for two weeks.
Chuck and his pal Dave were going white water rafting. They didn't realize how fast and cold the water would be. Chuck fell off the raft into the icy water. Fortunately he was wearing a life jacket. He floated along until the raft was able to reach him.
Tom was a great businessman. He hired many contractors to work on his property for only one day. He invited investors to view the property under construction that day. The investors were impressed. They invested in his property.
Oscar the Grouch was my mom's algae eater. He ate all the algae in my mom's fish tank. Oscar was thirteen years old and getting slower. When Oscar died, my mother was very sad. She was so sad, she never got any more fish.
Jane wanted to tryout for cheerleader. She had never cheered before. She started taking tumbling lessons. On the day of tryouts, she was nervous. She tried out and made the squad.
Ashley was cleaning out her car. She drove to a car wash to finish cleaning. Ashley washed the outside of her car. She realized she didn't have enough quarters to vacuum the inside. Ashley drove home to get more quarters.
Jake was a delivery boy for a pizza restaurant. He was making a delivery on his bike. He tripped over a rock on the street. He fell and all the pizzas fell onto the ground. Jake got fired from his job for not being careful.
Nick and Jess have been in love with each other for years. Neither of them knew it until now. In a crazy act of love, they drove to Mexico. They didn't have any money. Now they are beach bums in Mexico.
I was four years old the first time I was ever bitten by a dog. It belonged to the fireman who had moved in across the street. Just like in cartoons, the Dalmatian was white with black spots. I remember thinking that his wagging tail wanted to be tugged. I tugged it, and the Dalmatian gave me some spots of my own.
Zigbo Zugbo was a common street criminal. Every time he committed a crime, he made a tweet. One day, Zugbo got shot by the cops. Everyone cried racism, but the defender showed the world his thuggery. They're still crying about racism, but justice was served.
Sebastian loved to rap while he was on his skateboard. He was well known in the neighborhood and sought after. Someone, one day, called an agent. The agent looked at Sebastian's performance and was impressed. He signed him for a singing skateboarding tour.
Kenny tells his wife he's going out of town for a few days. He gives her a kiss and leaves. Kenny gets a call from work telling him he can stay. Kenny goes back home. Kenny discovers his wife in the bed with another man.
Sam went to the store yesterday and bought some wood. He would not tell us what he was building. He worked in his backyard all day. When he finally let us see his project we were amazed. Sam built the best tree house I have ever seen.
Sarah's dog Cora doesn't like to go out on the leash. She pulls or refuses to walk when Sarah puts her harness on. Sarah took Cora to an obedience school. She had to take her for five Saturdays in a row. It cost $200, but now Cora knows how to walk on a leash.
The man learned French. He traveled to France. He used his French. His French was bad. The natives laughed at the man.
The man caught a fish. He measured its length. It was below the minimum length. He thought about keeping the fish. He put the fish back in the river.
John had fun to watch his cats having fight. They were fighting on the office desk. One cat knocked the cup of soda down on the PC keyboard. John stopped laughing. He found out his keyboard does not work anymore.
I sat in on my first poker game. The other players made jokes about me being a newbie. However, they also taught me how to play. On the final hand, I bluffed. I walked away with the pot.
Gloria was angry at her Dad when she left for school. He always made rules that seemed silly and unfair. She decided that she wasn't going to come home like he asked. Instead she went to her friend's house after school. Now she is grounded for two weeks.
Kate bought a new dress for homecoming. It was expensive but she really liked it. The night of the dance Kate noticed someone else wearing it. They both matched almost exactly the same. Kate was embarrassed and tried to stay on the other side of the room.
My parents forced fed me broccoli before as a joke. They thought it was funny. I didn't think it was funny however. It actually gave me a phobia of broccoli. That is why I don't eat or get near broccoli.
Ike had no date for prom, which was 3 days away. His cousin Sara agreed to go with him. At first Ike was ashamed, but Sara understood. She promised to pretend she was Ike's girlfriend all night. At the prom, everyone was impressed by Ike's pretty date!
Mrs Arthur had rules about when her son could play video games. She caught him playing after hours and took the game away. Her son waited until she was not around, found the game, and took it. Mrs Arthur caught her son with the game again the next day. She had to punish her son more severely to teach him the lesson.
I wanted to live every writer's dream. I bought a small cabin in the woods. I brought just a few novels and my writing supplies. I wrote a great novel while I lived there. It never got published.
John couldn't wait until the weather was hot. He wanted to go to the beach and play in the sand. When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit. He made a sandcastle and went in the water. He was so happy to finally enjoy the beach and great weather.
My cousins bet on this weekend's boxing match. The loser had to pay for everyone's dinner. The match ended up being a tie. They both split the check. Everyone else won except for them.
Mrs Pope was my son's favorite teacher. She had been there for over 23 years. She was well versed in caring for special needs kids. She loved him like he was her own. She cried when he gave her a special necklace for Christmas.
Suzy was having trouble finding a job. She applied everywhere online. She felt hopeless because of the lack of replies. Suzy contacted her friend Jill about possible job leads. Her friend Jill was able to get her a job through a referral.
Jim has been looking forward to seeing his favorite band for months. When they cancel at the last minute he has nothing to do that day. So he takes a road trip with his girlfriend to the beach. They bring lunch and hang out at the beach all day. Dan has a lot more fun doing that than some stupid concert.
In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees. In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs. Things aren't going much better this year. The favored Red Sox lose the first three games of the series. They become the 1st team to come back from 0-3 and win the series.
Mark was a very intelligent six year old boy. One day Mark was asked to watch his younger brother for ten minutes. Mark's brother was baby and started crying. Mark decided it was best to call his mom. Mark's mom came and took care of everything.
I had a meeting in San Diego. I took a taxi to the airport. I purchased a plane ticket. There was a long line of people to get on the plane. I boarded the plane.
Michael wanted to break up with his girlfriend. He wasn't sure how to do it. He spent weeks figuring it out. When it was finally time to break up with her she beat him to it. He was so upset that he wasn't able to break up with her.
Sara was very diligent in completing her homework. She always received good grades as a result of her attentiveness. Sara told her friends that they would get good grades if they studied. They started studying together in the library after school. After a little while, Sara's friends also received good grades!
Mr. Allen was a school teacher. All the kids loved Mr. Allen. He always made it fun for this kids in his class. One evening the police was sent to the school. They arrested Mr. Allen for sexual harassment.
I have read that cats only meow to communicate with humans. My cat Pete must have a lot to say to us. He can be very annoying and loud at times. One time he completely lost his voice for two days. We were secretly hoping he would not get it back.
Keith was a scientist. He studied some bacteria under the microscope. He noticed something peculiar. He zoomed in saw a mutation he had never observed before. This microscope had led to a new, amazing discovery!
Some friends and I were drinking in the yard. After a while my girlfriend came by and shouted at us. She told me to come inside but I chose to stay and drink. Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head. I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache.
Bill finished writing a letter with a pen and paper. He reached for his pen cap but it was not there. He could not find it anywhere on the desk. Bill wrapped the pen in a wad of paper to serve as a cap. He gently placed the pen and paper wad in his desk drawer.
Joe needed a new washing machine for his new house. So Joe went to the store. He looked at all the washing machines. He found one he liked that was a reasonable price. Joe bought the washing machine.
Hannah was always been obsessed with dogs. She has gone through periods of loving different breeds. She currently believes that a Corgi is the dog for her. Her boyfriend is hesitant to buy her this dog. Hannah has decided to leave him if he doesn't get her a Corgi.
Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published. She entered her poems into contests, but never won. Still, she remained resolute and kept trying. Finally a small in location accepted a poem. Mel was now officially a published writer!
Marshall was an excellent rapper. He went to a rap battle. When it was his turn he was too nervous to talk. He threw up on his sweater. The crowd laughed at him.
I'm a big fan of pixel art. I express my fandom by making bead art of sprites. I melt the beads together so they fuse forever. It is a time-consuming but fun process. Now my walls are covered in bead-based pixel art.
Julie's birthday was coming up. She didn't want a party. Her friends decided to throw one anyway. When Julie walked in her house people yelled out. Julie did not know about her party at all.
I spied a bear outside my cabin last night eating some of my venison. I feel a bit tense when bears come around my cabin like that for food. So today I decided to clean up around the cabin. I spent all day cleaning up hoping that no more bears would show up. Three weeks have gone by since then and I've not seen another bear.
Whitney insisted on a new bug zapper. Her apartment was littered with moths and mosquitos yet again. The one she had ordered operated easily and was placed outside. Whitney and her friends got some fancy beers and sat around the patio. They watched the show as hundreds of insects were zapped that night.
Matt met a man named Fred. They talked a lot and became good friends. They went everywhere together. Then Fred betrayed Matt. Matt was upset and decided to never talk to Fred again.
I went to the phone store to change my plan. I already had a 30 dollar card. They discontinued my 15 dollar plan. They switched me to the 30 dollar plan. My service resumed after paying.
Heather had a craving for a chef salad for dinner. She looked in her fridge to see if she had the items she needed. Heather realized that she did not have the items needed to make it. She then ran to the store where she bought everything she needed. Then Heather came home, made her salad, and enjoyed her night.
Bill grew up watching crime dramas on TV. Bill always admired the dedication of the detectives in the stories. Bill enrolled in training at the police academy. Bill worked hard and did very well. Now Bill is a full detective with the NYPD.
I buy my socks in pairs. Yet, I always lose one in the wash. I end up having to wear mismatched socks. My boss doesn't like my socks to mismatch. I need to buy more or stop washing them.
I looked at all the cakes that were before me. I slightly giggled to my friend who invited me along. She knew better than anyone that I was a cake-aholic. Her bid day was coming and I was going to help her pick the best cake. I took my first bite after she did and I knew I was in heaven.
An escaped convict was running through the swamps. He heard police behind him so he sped up. In his haste, he didn't realize that he just ran into quicksand. The convict tried to free himself but nothing worked. The convict felt like more of a free man in the sand than in jail.
I went to Bombay. There was so much noise in the city. The noise began to give me a headache. I decided to buy earplugs. Thus, my headache went away.
The family bought a camper. They went on their first trip. The dad packed a generator. In the night he turned on a television outside. That was the kid's favorite part of camping.
Conner wanted to be a robot for Halloween. He and his mom went to the store to look for one. The stores didn't have a robot costume he liked. So his mom decided that they could make one together. They bought the supplies and making the robot costume was a success!
Phillipe used an old internet browser. His friends made fun of him for using it. Phillipe was stubborn and set in his ways. He proudly declared that he would never change browsers. Phillipe's browser of choice was discontinued the next year.
Bill had a big test in a few hours. And he was really stressed and nervous. So he decided to binge on tons of junk food. But his stomach began to feel terrible. Bill could hardly concentrate during the test because of his stomach.
Tim loved nature. He would go out into it every chance he got. This weekend he went canoeing. It was relaxing and challenging at the same time. Tim loved every minute of it.
Rob was very hungry all day His wife started talking about how she wanted to bake a cake She wanted the cake to look like a pizza This made rob VERY hungry for real pizza Later that night Rob actually decided to order a pizza for dinner
Our 2 year old granddaughter went shopping with her dad. She needed flip flops. She tried on 15 types and did not like any. She threw a tantrum in the store and had to go home. It was a stressful day.
I was handed the red paintballs. I loved them because they looked like blood. I didn't hit very many of the pretend zombie men. My son hit a lot more with his blue paintballs. We both used up our entire queue of balls.
Linda and Remy were bored while camping. So they decided to explore areas they were unfamiliar with. Suddenly, saw a bear running towards them. And Linda used bear pepper spray to defend herself. Linda and Remy decided to go back to their original camp site.
The children were playing in the attic. One of them saw some puppets in a box. They took them out and began to talk to their siblings. The other children also grabbed some puppets. They played together, acting out scenes with their new found toys.
Lou bought a newly constructed home. He already submitted a change of address form with the USPS. Lou checked his box everyday for a month and it was empty. He called the post office concerned and found that they had his mail. They weren't able to send it because his new address was new.
It was crazy hat day at school. Ryan didn't have a crazy hat. He decided to wear his green Halloween costume as a hat. His class voted on whose hat was the craziest. Ryan won the contest.
I had a dog. He would always go outside and stare into the distance. I couldn't figure out what he was doing. Then I realized he was looking at the dog in the neighbor's yard. Then I invited the neighbor over to have a dog play-date.
I played a joke on my friend by wrapping his car in plastic wrap. He would have thought it was funny if he was not in such a hurry. I laughed as he tried to rip off the plastic for 20 minutes. In the end I just called him an ambulance. In retrospect I should've realized off the bat that he was bleeding.
Tom didn't like his girlfriend. He had a crush on her friend. Tom decided to cheat and hook up with the friend. The friend eventually told Tom's girlfriend. She forgave him for it.
Maurice took a nap in the back seat of his car. He had been pulling long hours at the station. He heard a wrap on his window in the early morning hours. His partner lifted up a bag of Carl's Jr. Maurice unwrapped the sausage biscuit and sipped his coffee.
The apple company had a big conference call this afternoon. Steve was not nervous at all, but Bill was shaking! After the conference call, Steve asked Bill if he was better. Bill ran to the bathroom to throw up he was so nervous. When Bill came out, him and Steve started laughing.
Robbie worked as a technical writer for a large company. He always wanted to write a novel. He decided to work on his novel at home after work. When he finished the novel, he sent copies to publishers. No publisher would publish his novel because his writing was subpar.
Rocky was cooking at his job. While cooking he left outside to smoke. When he came back all the food was burnt. Rocky's manager seen what rocky had done. He fired rocky on the spot.
Jake got really sick last week. He went to the doctor for a physical. While there he picked up someone's virus. He had to go back to the doctor. Apparently there were others with the same problem.
Harrison relaxed a bit. He kicked off his shoes. Everyone in the room smelled something. They realized it was his feet. They told him to leave.
John felt ill. He was worried he had contracted Malaria. He visited the doctor. He had many tests performed to detect disease. The doctor confirmed he had Malaria.
Jack entered an obstacle course race. He was not prepared for what he was about to face. He went through fire. He went through ice. He was glad to finally finish.
Kim woke up and she thought the house was too quiet. Her mother was usually up cooking and cleaning. Kim went into her mother's room and saw her mother sleeping. Kim shook her mother to wake her up. But her mother was dead, she died in her sleep.
Sam's car insurance was too high. He wanted to get a less expensive rate. He called in but they didn't want to help. Sam decided to look at other companies. Eventually he found a cheaper price and changed insurance companies.
I sat quietly beside my mom in Aunt Gina's formal living room. I had been warned earlier not to make a sound. As my Mom visited about the funeral I thought about Uncle Henry. My favorite memory of him was the time he took me fishing. We didn't catch any fish but we sure had a lot of fun trying.
The kids were on a field trip. They went to the aquarium to see the sharks. They watched them swim for a long time. A trainer threw in some fish. The powerful sharks gobbled them up.
Anita and her friends ditched art class on day to head downtown. There, they pulled out cans of spray paint and got to work. They decorated three abandoned buildings with flowers and birds. Then they hurried away before any police could notice them. Anita thought it was art, but she knew everyone didn't agree!
Courtney wanted to try out for softball. She had never played before. Her dad started practicing with her. Courtney got to the field early for tryouts. She tried out and made the team.
My friend Frank works in Boston. He is moving down to KY soon. His wife and daughter live there. His wife is a hoarder, but said she was throwing things out. He went down last week and found a complete mess, depressing him.
Last year, Sean finished dead last in his fantasy football league. He faced endless abuse from his friends as a result. Determined not to finish last again, Sean studied every player. He conducted analyses and come draft time, was extremely prepared. Unfortunately, he finished last yet again.
Ashley was really hungry. She wanted to get up and get a snack. However, her roommate was using the kitchen. Ashley's stomach hurt from her hunger. She killed her roommate out of impatience.
Essie woke up late. There was no time for a hot breakfast. She rummaged in the cupboard for something fast. She settled on a bowl of cereal. Essie was satisfied with her quick breakfast.
James formed a band with some of his friends. They played together every weekend. A local venue offered them several gigs to play. The band argued about how they would split the money from the gigs. The band was disbanded.
Samantha was enrolled in an honors math class. The teacher didn't give very good instruction. Samantha wanted to transfer out of honors math. She asked her parents if she could transfer. Her parents didn't allow her to transfer.
I needed to clean my house for a party. I was feeling rather lazy. I decided to make a sandwich instead. It was a turkey sandwich. After I ate my sandwich I cleaned the house.
Ted was leaving the student union with a crowd of other students. He started down the stone steps when he saw a friend coming up. He started to wave but then missed a step. Ted wobbled but disguised his near fall as an attempt to sit. Sitting on the step, he grinned and patted the spot next to him.
Jimmy hoped he would get an iPad for Christmas. Jimmy begged his parents for one. Jimmy explained the benefits of having one. Christmas came and his parents said they didn't have the money for it. To Jimmy's surprise he awoke to an iPad under the tree.
Betty had been with Bob since high school. She knew that one day he would ask her to be his wife. One day her friend was acting really funny around her. She started to put two and two together what was going on. That night by a candlelit dinner he finally asked her to marry him.
Richard had a gambling problem. He would spend his whole paycheck in the casino. One day he got a letter. It told him he was able to lose his home. He never gambled again.
Sally used a sharpie to make notes. She was making notes in class but the smell was distracting. The teacher told her to use something else. Sally was offended and demanded to keep using it. The teacher didn't budge and Sally spent the class in shame.
We bought some young chickens and put them in our coop. We bought some older chickens to go in with them. The older chickens were mean to the younger chickens. The younger chickens got sick and died. We were very sorry we had bought the older chickens.
Sarah once planted a large garden with a large variety of flowers. One day, one of the markers went missing. Sarah could not recall exactly what flower she had planted there. Weeks later when the flowers bloomed she saw what they were. Turns out they were Forget Me Nots!
Jill was exhausted from a long day at work. She dreaded having to fix dinner for her family when she got home. When she walked in the house, she had a surprise. Her husband had fixed dinner! She was able to sit down and relax for once.
I had an important job interview. I stayed up all night preparing for possible questions. By the next morning, I could barely stay awake. I dressed and drove to the interview in a blur. When there, I realized I was wearing two different shoes!
They could see the funnel cloud in the distance. At first they tried to outrun it since they lived so close. Despite their efforts the cyclone was getting closer. They stopped the car under an overpass and listened as it went by. Soon the sky cleared and they calmly drove home.
Jake's dad used to beat him every night. Jake feared going home from school every day because of this. Jake decided to call social services. Social services came and took Jake away to a safe place. Jake's dad was arrested and Jake would never again be abused.
Jill watched the merry go round as she waited to get on. She couldn't decide what animal she would ride. She thought maybe the white horse with a pink saddle. But the bunny was adorable. She rode it twice so she could try out both of them!
Ramon was a freshman in college. He wanted to major in an area of science. Ramon hated early morning classes. Ramon took astronomy because the classes were at night. Ramon ended up becoming an astronomer.
Josh accidentally spilled a carton of milk sitting on the counter. He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill. When he turned around, his two cats were lapping it up. They didn't mind his accident at all. He gave them a minute to enjoy their treat before cleaning it up.
Carl was tired at his desk. He spent the previous night awake until the early morning. He tried to resist the urge to yawn. After a few minutes, he couldn't hold it any longer. He let out a loud yawn that rang across the entire room.
Kendall loves to run. One day, she decided to train for a marathon. She ran every day for weeks. Finally the day of the marathon arrived. She won the race.
Robin was preparing dinner for her husband. It was their fifteenth anniversary. She wanted to surprise him with a home cooked meal. While she was waiting for him to get home, the power went out. Robin and her husband enjoyed dinner by candlelight.
Julia is an Australian citizen. She always dreamed of coming to America for vacation. She entered a contest for an all expenses paid vacation. She won the contest! Julia flew from Sydney to New York two months later.
My mom took me to get my liscence a few days after I turned 16. I was nervous about taking the driving test. As I pulled out of the parking lot with the examiner, I hit the curb! I pulled myself together, doing great the rest of the test. Fortunately she didn't fail me just because I hit the curb!
School was out. Frankie was so happy for summer. He was going to have his first job. So he drove all the way there. But on the way he had an accident.
I had a bad dream. My dream was so bad, I kicked the covers off. My screams woke my mom. Mom ran in my room. She woke me up to end the dream.
Aya was pregnant but wanted to stay fit. She decided to try a maternity yoga class. She went to the class each week and did her poses. The yoga kept Aya flexible and in shape. She stayed fit all throughout her pregnancy!
Dan was accepted to a US military academy. He arrived at the academy in early summer. One month after boot camp, his lung function was tested. Dan had lung function suggestive of asthma. He was immediately dismissed from the academy.
David was the newest swimmer on a prestigious swim team. The team was competing in an important swim meet. David was nervous about his race at the meet. Seeing this, his teammates assured David he was a great swimmer. Inspired by his teammates faith in him, David won his race!
Regina was unhappily stuck in traffic. She tried listening to the car radio as distraction. She even tried taken her mind of the traffic by counting clouds. The counting grew boring Regina became more upset. Regina calmed herself by thinking of her upcoming vacation plans.
Jenna was crawling all over the floor. One of her earrings had fallen out and she couldn't find it! She covered every inch of the floor. When she stood up, she felt something fall from her shirt. The earring had clung to her sweater.
Grace felt very lonely. She lived alone and worked many hours. She decided to get a pet to make her feel less alone. Grace went to the pet store and selected her new pet. Grace now has a pet goldfish keeping her company.
Tom had a favorite UFC fighter. He always wanted him to win. He had a tough fight coming up but Tom bet money on him. He felt like he would be a traitor otherwise. Tom wound up losing his bet.
Luigi was a pizza chef. He was great at throwing the crust high into the air. He would catch it and then throw it again. Then he would spread sauce and toppings on it. Luigi's pizzas were the best.
One of Tina's favorite activities was almond roasting. Tina loved roasting almonds. She got her friends together to help her. When they were don't they ate them. Tina and her friends wanted to make some next year.
Denny was driving on an unfamiliar road. The road curved sharply to the right. Denny was driving his car a little too fast. He drove his car off the road. Denny had to get his car towed out of the ditch.
Joy and Lizzy attached all kinds of candy to their hats. They were going to wear them in the Easter parade. The next morning, Joy went to get the hats. Half the candy was gone. Her little brother had found them!
Chris built a snowman. His sister knocked the snowman's head off. Chris put a ball in the place of its head. His sister took the ball. Chris gave up on the snowman.
Michael and Jan went on a nice date together. At the end, the two kissed. Jan didn't want anyone to know that they kissed. However, Michael told all of his friends about the encounter. Jan was extremely upset.
Dori took her young kids to the park. They were going to play in the wading pool. The toddlers waded in. The water was cool and refreshing. They had fun for hours!
Mark worked hard on his project for the science fair. When it was perfect he went to sleep. The next day in school he set up his project. When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project. Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner!
Tom loved hearing accents. He found them endearing and exotic. He decided to join an international club. He met many foreign people. He liked hearing them speak.
My mom Davey is 92 and in good health. She has always been very careful what she says around people. She has lost her filter and now says what is on her mind. She tells me that I am overweight and that my son is heavy. These hurt but I know she is getting older and says what she want.
Ren was afraid of getting vaccinations so she always refused them. When her state had an outbreak she started to consider the shot. The CDC cracked the infected source down to her favorite restaurant. Ren just ate at that restaurant the week prior to the CDC's findings. She went to the Doctor right away and got her Hep A shot.
Once, there was a coach named Mike who was very old. Mike had never won a championship, but he always worked hard. One year, he got a surprisingly good team of athletes. He taught leadership and valuable technical skills to help his team. His team performed well and brought him his first championship.
I met a girl from Greece named Aspasia. I told her very frankly that I wanted to date her. She said she had a boyfriend back in Greece who hadn't yet moved. I told her that what he didn't know wouldn't hurt him. She responded by slapping me right across the face!
Tom always wanted to be an actor. He moved out to California to pursue his dreams. Once there he was able to land some small roles. Mostly commercials and sitcoms. It was enough to make a living off of.
Bob was cruising down the freeway. Suddenly he heard a terrible racket! When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around. Bob had to stop and fix a flat tire on his car. In fifteen minutes Bob was back on the freeway.
Shane never knew his father. He looked at his birth certificate. He found his father's name. He looked him up on the internet. He called who he thought was his father but it was the wrong number.
Mica won a goldfish at a carnival. He took it home and kept it in a bowl. But after a while, it grew much bigger. The bowl was much too small. Mica had to buy a big aquarium for his goldfish.
May sits alone in her retirement community. She enjoys the phone call from the polite young man. She lets him help her fix her computer for a small fee. May soon gets calls from many other polite young men. She can't figure out where all her money went.
Tim was out shopping. He was about to pay. Unfortunately he didn't have his card with him. Tim was embarrassed at being unable to pay. He rushed out of the store.
I woke up one morning and was very bored. I decided to go out and take a hike. First I needed to get ready and pack bags. Once I was ready, I drove to the national park. I walked around all day and had a blast.
Jeremy had a meal with his friend. He wanted to have a competition. He challenged his friend to an eating contest. They devoured as much pasta as they could. In the end, Jeremy was clearly the loser.
Alicia decided she wanted to have a taco night. She invited all her friends to come join. The girls had a blast. Unfortunately they lost power. The girls then had to turn on the generator.
I was looking forward to roasting my own turkey. I thought I had the temperature and time correct. Black smoke started billowing out of my stove while I was cooking. I'd burned the bird. We had to order pizza that night.
Paul had a long day of work so he went to the bar. At the bar he drank more than he expected. By the time he got his bill, it was over $100. Paul shrugged it off and paid it. The bartender told him to come back any time.
Jake didn't have many friends. He would spend every weekend in his room alone. However, last weekend he went out to meet people. He ended up playing a LAN match of Halo at a youth club. Despite still playing games, he was making new friends in person.
Sally got to work making Christmas cookies. She rolled out the dough and cut out shapes. She baked the cookies and decorated each one. Sally thought the cookies were too pretty to eat. So she strung them on yarn and hung them on her tree.
The family went to the store. The kids picked their favorite foods. The kids were excited. The father's card was declined. The kids went hungry that night.
John decided he wanted to make a positive change in his life. He decided to take up a healthy hobby. He decided to get into cycling. He bought a good bicycle. He had fun riding the various trails around town.
Sally had worked all summer. She had saved her money and wanted to buy a new purse. She could not decide what she wanted. Sally finally picked out a bag. She was so excited and received many compliments.
Amy spotted a seagull in the sky. She wanted to feed it bread. She threw a piece of bread towards it. A breeze made it fly the wrong way. It landed by a dog, who ate it.
Paula loved to build things. She played with Legos every day. She loved to build houses and tall towers. She spent a whole evening building a palace. She pretended she was the princess that lived in it.
It was valentine's day. Jerry wanted to give something good to his girlfriend. He took her out on a date. She told him she's breaking up with him. This was his worst valentines ever.
The vet asked me to copy a form for her while I was there. She couldn't read what it said. I sat down with pen in hand, and couldn't figure it out either. I gave her the best information I could find. She came back in, and I apologized that I couldn't help her further.
Jenna's mom was going to the market. Jenna wanted to go with her mom so they left together. They arrived at the market. There was so many wonderful sights and sounds at the market. Jenna had a lovely time with her mother that day at the market.
Saul was new to the neighborhood. He took his son to the playground. He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground. The next day he cleaned up all the garbage. Now his son can play in a clean park.
Joe had to return a library book tomorrow. He couldn't find the book anywhere in his house. He checked everywhere in his living room. Joe was frustrated that he couldn't find the book. Joe had to pay for the replacement cost the next day.
Joslyn's parents could only afford for her to go into Disneyland. They had just enough money for one hotel night and her admission. They watched her walk into the entrance and stood around. They would talk to her via a cheap prepaid phone. A stranger who watched this unfold, offered them two free tickets.
Steve wanted to be a cowboy but had trouble with his lasso. He asked an old cowboy for help. The old cowboy told him he had to swing his hips as he threw. Steve took this advice and looked silly swinging his hips. The old cowboy laughed at Steve because his advice was a joke.
Martha had found a Bed & Breakfast that looked great. She had the address and name but nothing else. The owner wanted a deposit but did not take foreign checks. Martha had to get a postal money order sent to the owner. She worried that she would not have a place to stay.
Martha had an awful toothache. She went to the dentist as soon as she could. The dentist inspected her teeth. He told her she had to get one tooth pulled. The dentist was able to pull it out painlessly.
Karla crossed the intersection without fully stopping for a stop sign. She was pulled over by a policeman. Karla tried to get out of the ticket by flirting with the cop. The cop was not impressed and cited her for her expired tags as well. Karla was so upset she got into a wreck on the way home.
The police officer stopped me in the middle of the highway. He told me to take out my driver's license. I was terrified since I left my wallet at home. When he found out, he arrested me and took me to jail. My friend took my wallet to the facility in order to release me.
I was about to go for a jog. I went to go put on my shoes. But, there was a snake hiding in one of the shoes! I screamed and called my husband downstairs! He grabbed a shovel and killed the snake so I could go for a jog.
Stella invited Don to go on a date. She thought of an idea. She decided to take him chocolate tasting. Don told her he hated chocolate. He cancelled the date.
This week, there was a heat wave. I was sitting next to a window in direct sunlight so I got overheated. To cool off, I moved to a room on the other side of the house. Unfortunately, I forgot that the sun moves. All too soon, the sun was heating up the room I'd moved to instead.
Tom wanted to contact his friend. He was writing an email. He deleted the email. He decided on something more personal. He wrote a letter and mailed it.
Alyssa had gone to sleep in her bed early. Suddenly, she got up. She began sleepwalking through the house. She continued to walk until she ended up outside in the yard. When she awoke, she was so confused.
Kay was in art class when it was announced they would be painting. Kay always wanted to learn to paint a still life. Kay worked hard on her painting for hours. When she finished she was proud of her work. Then she saw the neighbors painting, and was embarrassed by her work.
Painting isn't as hard as people make it seem. Last week I bought some canvas and gave it a try. My friend loaned me some paints and I went to town. I made a beautiful landscape. It's being showcased in an art gallery next month.
Meg and Alec enjoy hiking in nature. On Saturday, the weather was good, so they decided to go to the park. They packed a lunch and water, and found a spot to picnic. After their picnic, they took a long hike on one of the park's trails. They finished the hike exhausted but happy, it was a workout!
Shelly was a very good swimmer. She took part in lots of competitions and often came first. The upcoming competition was very important so she had to do well. She trained extremely hard. In the end Shelly didn't win, but still qualified for nationals.
O'shea was in the 7th grade when he was almost shot. He was on his school bus heading home and a friend made gang signs. The car next to the bus was full of gang members. The car sped up, got in front of the bus and stopped it. A gang member got on the bus with a gun and threatened to shoot.
It rarely snowed in the small town. One Christmas day Mary noticed snow on the ground. Mary and her family ran out to play in the snow. Mary's brother hit her in the face with a snowball. Mary screamed and ran inside the warm house.
One day Jennifer wanted to go jogging in the rain. She quickly put on her raincoat and a pair of red rain boots. She ran for almost two miles,before a flash of thunder struck a tree. The tree fell five feet in front of her and almost landed on her head. Jennifer became frighten and ended her rainy day jog.
Jay wanted to get out of his record label. He can't because of his contract. He decided to bring in a lawyer. The lawyer did things behind the scenes. Jay got out of the label.
Cornelia always loved drinking hot coffee. Her friends encouraged her to try iced coffee but she didn't want to. Finally, she tried a sip of iced coffee in a trendy coffee shop. She thought it tasted awful! Cornelia never tried iced coffee again.
Kyle rented a plane. He took Whitney up for a tour around Nashville. He let her take the controls. It was an interesting look around the city. She would never do it again.
Swarthanger was a British intelligence officer in Berlin. He passed a note to his asset one cold wintry evening. Just then, German police swarmed around where he was sitting. They grabbed the note and read it. It was a recipe for mulligatawny soup.
Dawson got a new car. He wanted to go show his best friend Joey his new car. It was a rainy day and he got in a accident on the way. His new car was messed up pretty bad but he was fine. Dawson was sad that his new car was already ruined.
The boy carved a pumpkin. He was excited to see it lit up. His mom put a candle in it. The boy was disappointed. He asked to carve another pumpkin.
Michael was very skilled at a game he played. He was one of the best player at this game. I told him he should try to become a professional gamer. He laughed and disregarded it, but he did try. After a year he was making money playing the game!
I owned a number of rangefinder cameras in my youth. One focused rangefinders by joining two images together. It was an interesting way to focus a lens. Many professionals used rangefinders. Nowadays automatic focus cameras have taken over.
Charlie was told not to talk to strangers. However, he was thrilled to meet new people. He went to the store to talk to as many strangers as possible. He made a new friend and got in the car with the stranger. Charlie was never seen again.
The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars. Everyone at work bought tickets. When the drawing was held, all the tickets were compared. Only one ticket one. The winnings were split between all the workers.
They could barely hear me. I was shouting. My audio was fine. My friend said my voice was muffled. I had hoped to talk to him.
Beth was making a pie for thanksgiving. She loved to cook, and she loved cherry pie. She measured, poured, stirred, and baked her pie. She marveled at the sight of the pie she made with her own hands. Her family gave her many compliments on her delicious pie.
My girlfriend and I were hungry one day, so I used Chipotle's app. Not thinking anything of it, I used the saved credit card on file. When I went to pick up the food, the employees stared at me weirdly. One asked me to wait while she called the police. Turns out I had used the credit card my girlfriend reported stolen.
The darkness permeated the bedroom. Everything had gone still and silent. She sat up in bed and looked out the window. The clouds were grey and hanging low. She smiled as she saw that it had snowed overnight.
Today is Amy's birthday. She decided she wants to go to the beach for the day. Amy called her friends and they all wanted to go too. The friends met up and hit the road. Amy and her friends all had a great day.
Rachael had been craving pizza lately. She asked her husband if he could pick up some on the way home. He stopped by the nearby pizza joint and grabbed one. He brought it home and it still was fresh and hot. She enjoyed every delicious bite of it!
Sam was on his cellphone while washing dishes. He was on hold and using his shoulder to hold it against his ear. Before he could react, it slipped into the soapy water below. He grabbed it as fast he could and removed the battery. Unfortunately, it couldn't be saved.
Mariah was helping out at her best friend's wedding. She was in charge of keeping everything on a schedule. Before long, things started to go wrong. The whole schedule was off and they were late for the vows. Luckily, Mariah's friend was in wedded bliss and didn't even mind.
George decided to surprise his father as a birthday present. He bought two tickets to his father's favorite football team. On the day, George blindfolded his father and drove for a long time. George's father had no idea where they were going. When they reached the stadium, George's father was so excited!
Paul realized he was becoming less healthy in his old age. He decided he needed to start eating more vegetables and less meat. His friend convinced him to consider becoming a vegetarian. Paul found it very difficult at first, but eventually it wasn't as bad He was very happy to have adopted a healthier lifestyle.
Fred wanted to open up a restaurant. He called it Fred's Fries. He took normal curly fries and sprinkled cinnamon on them. His customers went wild. His business was very successful.
Tommy always wanted to play football in highschool, but he small. Once he made it into college, he began to grow. One day, tossing a ball around, a coach spied Tommy. Hey Big Boy, would you like to try out for the team? Tommy gleamed and got to be a starter in the next game!
My niece is a college freshman. Over her first semester her boyfriend broke up with her. They did not attend the same college and were separated. He cheated on her. My niece was heartbroken.
Tom was initially excited when his wife announced she was pregnant. But as the months went on he became more and more nervous. He began to doubt whether he'd be a good father at all. By the time she went into labor, he was beset with doubts. But his doubts disappeared when he saw his child for the first time.
Jodi was the owner of a very large vineyard. She hired lots of people to help during harvest season. Her latest batch of wine was special. The wine she was making used a rare kind of grape. Jodi wound up winning medals for her interesting wine.
Matt was playing outfield for his school baseball team. He hated baseball but his parents made him play. As the game went on Matt started day dreaming. He was not interested and figured no one would hit to him. All of sudden the batter hit the ball right into Matt's mitt.
John was invited by a friend to meet for coffee. John's buddy came in and shook John's hand. The buddy then said that he had a terrible cold. John excused himself, running to the bathroom. There John scrubbed his hands furiously.
Manuel has always wanted to bake an apple pie. He decided to bake one. When it was finally ready he ate a slice. It tasted very good. Manuel was happy he had baked an apple pie.
Harold was feeling unfulfilled at work. He decided to take a vacation to ease his stress. He researched where to take his trip. He eventually settled on traveling to China. On the plane ride there, he knew he made the right decision.
Tom was at the drive through. They were taking a long time. Tom was frustrated. The workers apologized and gave him free food. Tom was satisfied with the arrangement.
I eat oatmeal every day. I used packets. I thought each packet used 2/3 of a cup of milk. Today I read the packets and found some take only half. I now know why my oatmeal is soupy sometimes.
Rick had a drug problem. So he decided to check into rehab. He sat there waiting for his turn to say his problem. When they go to him he told them his addiction. They kicked him out because Rick said his addiction was being fly.
We had a party last weekend. There were plenty of leftovers. On Monday night, we settled down to dinner. We ate whatever was left over from the party. It felt good to not let leftovers go to waste.
Gary was changing his son's diaper. He realized he was out of baby wipes. The mess was very big. He decided to use his sock to wipe the baby. Gary was just happy the mess did not get on anything else.
Dale has a gambling problem. He has gambled away his entire savings the past year. He finally hit rock bottom and went to rehab. A year later Dale got out of rehab and found a job. He is excited to start his new improved life.
Monica wanted to make a quilt for her friend. She thought carefully about her friend's favorite colors. When she visited the fabric store she found the perfect patterns. At home she realized she didn't have enough fabric. She substituted in a bit of her very favorites from her stash.
Janice called Dana. She asked Dana to come to her house. When she arrived, the girls got ready for the party. They were finished with their makeup and wore their dresses. After an hour, they arrived to the party.
Jordyn wanted to be a teacher her entire life. She did well in high school but was an average student. Jordyn did not get into the school she wanted at first. She decided to go to community college for the first two years. This allowed her to pay for her own school and raise her grades.
Wendy was happy to hear of the annual turtle race at her summer camp. She was lucky to find a turtle on a rock near the lake. She marked him with chalk and named him Elmer. Elmer won his race! Wendy was so excited to write of his victory to her mother and father.
Ana was nervous about her wedding night. She changed into her nightgown and crept into bed. Then she turned cautiously to her new husband. She couldn't believe what she saw. Her new husband had fallen asleep!
Doris learns that there will be a special exhibit at the art museum. She asks her friends if they will go with her. Unfortunately none of them want to see this exhibit. Doris decides to visit it alone. She is happy that she went, despite having to go alone.
Kevin was 19 when we met, and I was 12. I didn't have any interest in him, but he had a car. It made me more popular because everyone was jealous. I wasn't even a teenager yet, dating a college student. He went into the army, and I broke up with him that summer.
One day Shaun needed to use his spare house key. He looked under his mat and there it was. Shaun wondered how many people stored keys under mats. Shaun got arrested for suspicious behavior. He had a really hard time explaining this one.
Tom spent all night wrapping gifts. He passed out late. In the morning his family struggled to wake him up. They opened gifts without him. Tom eventually woke up a bit saddened.
Peter and Kevin grew up in a small town. They played football as kids, and were the best of friends. When they became adults, they both moved away to different towns. They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town. Their sons are the best of friends, and play on the same team.
Danielle noticed her boots were having trouble fitting. She realized she hadn't cut her toenails in a long time. Danielle decided to cut her toenails. Finally she finished cutting all 10 toenails. Danielle was very happy that her boots fit again.
Evan had a new job. He worked from home. He tried to juggle his housework and his kids. It was stressful but rewarding. Evan was happy to have a job he liked.
Mike feels anxious in social settings, especially meeting new people. He knows that his anxiety is holding him back in life. Mike decides to attend more parties to force himself to be social. Gradually Mike becomes less anxious around new people. Mike is so happy that he has overcome his social anxiety.
Kelly was excited to go ice skating. She headed over to the rink and started skating. She was having a lot of fun until she fell. She fell right on her leg. Thankfully she got back up but was in a lot of pain.
Juan was struggling to make ends meet. One day, he went and talked to his friend Emilio about it. Emilio suggested that he look for work online. Juan hadn't even know that that was an option! Later that day, he found a job online and turned his life around.
Renee was walking downtown. She saw a dollar bill on the ground. She picked it up and put it in her pocket. It was her lucky day! Renee decided to spend it on ice cream.
Kay was taking piano lessons. Her teacher was an accomplished musician. Kay was working on a piece to perform at the annual recital. She learned a lot from her teacher. Soon she was totally prepared!
Heather was sitting on the bus. The bus driver told her to look out for the spider. Heather jumped and screamed. She ran to the back of the bus. The entire bus of kids laughed at her.
Ava had been practicing for weeks. The talent show was coming up. Ava was going to tell a joke. She kept messing up the ending. Ava practiced for weeks and nailed it on the day of the show.
Peter had bought his dad a watch for Christmas. He was really hoping his dad would like it. He scrutinized his dad's face as his dad opened the gift. At first his dad had no expression, and Peter worried. But then his dad smiled and Peter knew he loved the gift!
Jason had many times said he did not believe in a god. He sometimes tried to belittle friends for their beliefs. Jason got really sick and found out he had cancer. He had this one friend that had cancer but he prayed and got better. Jason was desperate so he asked that friend how to pray to God.
While I was flying a kite yesterday it became stuck in some trees. I went to fetch a ladder in the shed behind a bunch of cobwebs. All of a sudden, I saw a big hairy spider crawling up my arm. I screamed, fell back, and tumbled into a thorny bush. Limping to my house I realized it wasn't my favorite kite anymore.
Doug and Liz had been dating for 2 years. Doug was ready to marry Liz. He decided to take her out one day. All of a sudden, he got on one knee and proposed. She was happy and said yes.
I was away at college, and had a long distance relationship. I knew my boyfriend had become distant, but I trusted him. One day, I was talking to his father on the phone. His father told me that he was cheating on me badly. I broke up with him and never looked back.
Tiny is a curious puppy. She gets into trouble because of how much she explores. She decided to explore outside today. She found a hole in the fence, and wants to see behind it. But when she tries to squeeze through the hole, she gets stuck!
Faya went to a party at a lake with her friends. There were hamburgers cooking and people swimming. Faya ran into the lake, her friends close behind her. They splashed around, then got something to eat. Everyone was having a good time.
Tim was on a cruise. He was drunk right away. He was playing around with others. Tim slipped and almost fell overboard. It made him decide to drink less.
Jake was ready for the big race. Jake bet on horses for a living. His favorite was Blue Thunder. One day Blue Thunder got hurt. Jake took care of Blue Thunder from then on out of love and respect.
Yvonne took the car to go to her class. She was pressed for time and hurried along the road. When she saw an old lady crossing the street, she sighed. The lady was going so slow, Yvonne got out of her car to help her. When the lady was safely across the street, Yvonne drove away.
Tito had the flu. His mom put him to bed right away. She nursed him for a whole week. Gradually Tito began to feel better. After eight days, he was back to his old self!
Henry was tired. But he had to finish his homework. He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it. But the next day, his teacher forgot to collect it. And Henry did not want to upset the class by reminding her.
My friend's brother asked if he could kick a ball at my car. I said only once. He kicked it once. The second time it made a hole in a light. He said he was sorry.
Jim bought a phone for his daughter. He thought she was ready for a cell phone. She quickly got the phone and started to talk to boys. Jim had to cancel the phone. He still had to pay for it and wasted money.
Bob applied for a loan to go back to school. The bank denied him on the spot. Bob demanded to know why he was denied. The bank manager explained that his credit was terrible. Bob cried because he knew he couldn't change his situation.
Shirley loved to dance. She aspired to be a ballerina. She auditioned for the orange box dance company. There were a lot of potential ballerinas at the competition. Shirley got the part as lead ballerina in the Nutcracker.
Eric developed schizophrenia 10 years ago when he was 18 years old. The Doctors prescribed him medicines so he would stop hallucinating. But Eric didn't like taking his medicine for various reasons. His main reason what that he enjoyed the hallucinations. To present date he's still hallucinating and not taking medications.
Heidi squinted. She had forgotten her sunglasses and it was bright. She pulled over to buy a new pair. The store only had ugly glasses. She bought the best ones she could find.
Sue picked a pumpkin. She wanted to carve it for Halloween. Her mom helped her make a scary face. She put a candle inside. Then she sat it outside for all to see.
My new computer was delivered. I could not wait to open it. I got one of the best ones on the market. It has all the fancy stuff to go with it. It's going to take me a while to learn how to use it.
Darla told her kids they could finally adopt a dog. Her son wanted a poodle while her daughter wanted a mastiff. Darla took them to the pound to see if they could find a compromise. It was love at first sight when both kids saw a one year old beagle. Darla filled out the paperwork and they took their new dog home.
Sam the actor stood on stage during a performance. At his cue, he began to exit stage left. The director waved at Sam and Sam knew he made a mistake. Same turned around and began to walk off stage right. The audience laughed at Sam for his obvious mistake.
Tim went fishing with friends. He hadn't caught anything all day. Eventually he felt a tug on the line. It took him a while but he reeled in a big fish. It was record breaking.
Chef Red ordered too many onions by accident for the week. He told the cooks to come up with new dishes that used the onions. All week the restaurant featured many onion specials. By the end of the week there were few onions left. Chef Red thanked all the cooks for helping get rid of the onions.
Sam knew that making a sequel to his hit movie had consequences. It would be the start of a new franchise. He would be remembered as that character for a long time. He still went through with it. The money was easily worth it.
Liza's parents were going to open a new grocery store. She was excited for the event. When the store opened a hundred people showed up. To appease customers, everything was on sale. Liza's family was proud.
Rebecca hesitated between doing her master's degree or find a job. She talked to all the people she loved to ask for advice. But as all the advice were mitigated, it didn't help her. When a dream job opened at the end of the summer, she took it. She figured there would always be time to go back to school later.
Bob's band was playing at a bar. He arrived at the establishment early to set up his equipment. Bob and his band watched an opening band play on the stage. Bob's band took the stage. They played all night long.
Cal had newly joined a distinguished preparatory school. He thought he had made friends when the other boys invited him along. When they were in a room alone though they all beat Cal very badly. Sobbing, Cal asked them why. The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school.
Ellis really loved his cats. He had 4 kittens and one mum cat. Day by day, the kittens started to become full sized cats. 2 years later, Ellis now has 5 full sized cats. He now understands how people become labelled as crazy cat lovers.
Herman needed money. He went through many options. Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan. Herman took the loan. Herman now has enough money for his task.
Cynthia had a job that required her to stand all day. Despite this, she really wanted to wear her new high heels. Cynthia decided to wear them and left her house confidently. After about an hour into work, Cynthia's feet began to hurt! Although she looked great, Cynthia decided the pain was not worth it.
It was the first day of school. I was inside of a huge classroom. It was so big, that I got nervous. I didn't think I would survive this class. However, I was no longer nervous when I saw how nice my teacher was.
Ken bought a surprise for his kids. It was an air hockey table! They played with it for hours. It was a great way to pass the time when it was cold outside. Ken spent a lot of hours in the basement, playing with his kids.
Jacob kicked the ball over the fence. He climbed the fence to get the ball. The fence broke while he was on top of it. He told his neighbor what had happened. His neighbor asked him to fix the fence.
Joe wanted to be very smart. He decided to make doing crosswords his hobby. He felt smarter after doing them. He lived a great life. Joe partially credited his success to doing crosswords daily.
Tom wanted to read a book. He asked his friend for a recommendation. His friend suggested the Bible. Tom agreed that was an important book to read. Tom read the Bible.
Marisa really wanted to study abroad in college. Marisa spent months researching her options about where to go. Marisa carefully selected Australia. After living and studying in Australia for 6 months, Marisa loved it. Marisa decided to move back to Australia after graduating college.
Peter loved to follow his grandpa around. He would watch as he worked in his woodshop. Peter knew he shouldn't touch the big saws and other tools. One day Peter's grandpa let him use a drill press. Peter loved working with wood and became a carpenter himself.
Maggie had spent all afternoon assembling a jigsaw puzzle. She had only five pieces left to place. However, she realized there were six holes left to fill! She looked all over the floor and couldn't find the missing piece. Discouraged, she was about to give up when she found it in her pocket!
I did not believe that Dette had killed someone. I asked our coworkers had they heard Detts rumor. Our coworkers said they had not heard anything. I asked Detts sister but she would not answer me. Now I believe Dett is a killer because she told she was.
Jared goes to the library to find a book. He finds where the book is and realizes it is checked out. He decides to leave but when is about to do so he sees the book. A girl was reading it on a table and as a result Jared talks to her. Jared realizes they have a lot in common, and asks her out on a date.
Ben is a 10 year old scared of dogs. He developed this fear from watching a horror movie. One day, his parents rescued a dog from the shelter. Ben was scared at first but quickly fell in love with his new friend. Ben is all grown up and is a veterinarian.
My girlfriend dragged me to a play last week. I didn't understand most of it. At the final scene I started to clap. It turns out It wasn't anywhere near done. Everyone in the theater was embarrassed for me.
Jim felt incredibly tired during work. His coworker suggested he drink some coffee. Jim drank some coffee. Jim wasn't used to so much caffeine. He felt worse than before.
Tim worked at a restaurant. On Sunday he had to wait on a church group. They were very demanding and needy. Tim did a great job regardless. Unfortunately they decided not to tip much anyway.
Joe was really excited for Christmas. Joe has never seen Santa Claus before. He decided to hide on top of the staircase to try to catch Santa. Joe waited as long as he could before he fell asleep. He woke up to many presents under the tree, and no Santa in sight!
I ordered a new belt off the internet. I waited with anticipation for it to arrive. One day, I returned home to find a box containing my new belt. I tried it on with excitement. It didn't even fit.
Today I bought some yogurt. Under the cap I found tickets. I had win the prize. I was elated. I couldn't wait to tell everyone.
Fanny and her husband adopted a cat. Every time Fanny would play piano, the cat would respond. The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it. He finally told her it was him or the cat. Fanny's cat purrs quietly on top of the piano as she plays.
Abe was never really an outdoorsy type of person. Out of the blue, a friend invited him to go camping. During the trip, Abe's friend let him use his fishing pole. He caught a fish, finding that he really enjoyed fishing. Now, Abe has his own pole and fishes all the time.
One day Mom and Dad went out. The two brothers, Ron and Don, decided to look for hidden presents. Christmas was coming soon and they must be in the house! Ron and Don searched the closet in the bedroom. They didn't find anything by the time Mom and Dad returned.
Yesterday there was a horrible storm. Hail fell that was the size of golf balls. My vehicle has extensive damage. The insurance company says I am not covered. I am calling a lawyer tomorrow.
Cam wanted to see a movie. He called a few friends, but everyone was busy. Sighing, Cam decided to go alone. At first he felt weird being alone at the movies. But soon, he got over it and had a great time!
The fan watched the show. He was happy with the performance. He waited in line for a shirt. They were sold out of his size. He was so angry that he complained about the performance on his blog.
Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.
I got to see my favorite band in concert last January. I was very excited when I saw that they were playing in my city. I made sure to buy tickets early in case it sold out. The band put on an outstanding show. I'll definitely go back and see them again if they return to my city.
Ursula's friend Betty always had the biggest hair bows on picture day. This year, Ursula wanted her's to be the biggest. She gathered two feet of ribbon. She put it in her ponytail on picture day. People laughed, but her hairbow was the biggest that day.
Anne moved into her first apartment. She didn't have money to spend on nice curtains. The fabric store had some great options in the clearance bin. She bought several yards to cut into large panels. Thumbtacks made it easy to secure the fabric above the window.
Oscar went to the grocery store. As he walked in, he patted his pockets. He realized he left is list at home. Rather than go back, Oscar tried to go by memory. When he got home, Oscar realized he forgot the eggs.
Mark had always wanted to have a pet. He decides to buy a pet cat. Mark loves his new cat. He feels less lonely now that he has a cat. He is glad that he got a pet.
Michelle really wanted to be picked up from school one day. She usually walks home but didn't want to this time. Right after school she called her mom and asked to be picked up. Her mom said she was busy but would do it. Michelle got picked up about 10 minutes after that and she was happy.
Beth had a little grey kitten. Beth loved to play with her kitten. One day she decided to dress her kitten in doll clothes. The kitten did not like being dressed in the doll clothes. It became afraid and hissed, so Beth never did that again.
Sam had an electric weed wacker. Unfortunately he didn't have a long enough extension cord for it. Sam went to the local hardware store to get one. He found an extra long one on sale. Sam bought it and whacked weeds that very day.
Tim was bored. He decided to spin around really fast. It was very entertaining. However, he got sick and fell. Tim never spun around like that again.
Joe needed new running shoes for track. The shoes he wanted were way too expensive. He decided to help his family and get a job. Joe worked every day after school for 4 months. He saved up and was able to buy the new shoes.
In 1963 we saw a big fire down the street. The entire Morgan Memorial building was on fire. We could see flames everywhere. The fire department evacuated our building because it was close. We got back in by the end of the day.
Tim wanted to become fit. He joined a new gym. He saw a man skipping rope. He copied the man's exercise and form. He quickly became fit after jumping rope regularly.
Janet threw the football towards me. It landed in the backyard of another house. A shirtless man came outside of the backdoor. He looked angry and threatened us to go home. We immediately ran.
Tabitha's birthday was coming up soon. She was very excited and invited all her friends. On the day of the party it was very hot. Tabitha's mom suggested the kids play in the pool. Her mom saved the party and all the kids had a great time.
Ally lives far away from her parents. Normally, she only sees her parents once a year. This year she is going to surprise them! Ally knocked on her parents' door. They cried tears of joy when they saw her!
One day Allan decided to take a computer programming class. He had a lot of fun over the next couple weeks. He won several contests. Soon he was named best in the state! He was very proud.
My girlfriend, Julia, was studying in Paris for a semester. After two months of being apart, I sent her a package. It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached. The note instructed Julia to snuggle the hippo whenever she felt down. Her response was to fly back home and ask me to marry her!
When Stacey was five she had five barbies. Each had a different outfit. They were given to her every year on her birthday. This year she asked for a GI Joe instead. Her mother cried and agreed.
Ana was working on an experiment. She had to write five sentences to tell a story. As Ana was finishing the story, her jumped on the keys and erased it. Ana angrily took the bird back to her cage and locked her in. Ana tried to remember the story but couldn't.
The carnival was in town. Tina decided she wanted her face painted. Tina got a tiger on her face. Everyone complimented her face. She loved it.
The handle in Gina's room broke regularly. She was tired of being locked in after it fell off. She decided to keep a butter knife in the room. She put it on top of the door sill. When next knob fell off she opened it with the butter knife.
Jill's grandma left her a beautiful necklace. Jill treasured the string of pearls. One day, Jill wore the necklace to a party. A man told Jill how to tell if the pearls were real. Jill thought of her grandma and decided not to test them.
Ida went to cook potatoes for her family for dinner. She took one potato out of the bag. She saw that it had sprouted! She put it in a pot of dirt. The potato grew into a big plant!
Emily decided that she wanted to try skiing. She had never been before, so she took an experienced friend. They arrived at the resort and rented the proper equipment. Emily began skiing on the beginner's hill. She caught on quickly and spent six hours on the slopes.
Ethan went to Haiti. He wanted to look like the people. He went to a market to get clothes. He saw some sandals. He bought them.
Lilly could not get her loose tooth to come out. Finally her father gave her a sticky caramel lollipop. She started chewing on it. When she pulled it out of her mouth she saw her tooth. The sticky candy had pulled it out for her!
Hal went to a small restaurant for dinner. Upon finishing his meal, Hal found a roach in his food. He immediately expressed his disgust with management. The manager accused Hal of lying to get a free meal. He gracefully paid and went home to write negative reviews online.
My friend asked if he can have a chip. He took one and ate it. Since the chips were spicy, he ended up sweating. Although I asked if he was okay, he pretended to be fine. However, he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later.
Charles' mother would always give him a bad experience. In college he studied psychology and figured his mother neurotic. When he moved out, his mother didn't contact him at all. But Charles got wealthy and famous locally. Then his mother showed but Charles wouldn't take her calls or visits.
Anna loved to garden in her backyard. She also had a woodpile in the backyard near the garden. As Anna was gardening one day, the woodpile started to meow. She thought it was odd that a woodpile would meow. Upon further inspection, Anna found a litter of kittens tucked inside.
I was playing soccer with a few friends. My team was losing badly. I wanted the ball all to myself. I decided that I should pass it to the other teammates. After that, our team was able to come back and win the game.
Al was complaining about climate change. Then he walked to his car and lit up a cigarette. He turned on his SUV and drove to McDonald's. Al bought a Big Mac meal and a large soda. He then threw the paper bag out of his car onto the sidewalk.
Beatrice made herself some rice and beans. She added garlic and oil before putting in the beans. It tasted so good, she was glad her brazilian friend gave the recipe. She forgot the rice, though. It turned out all burned and crispy.
There once was a man named Perjury. Perjury was a jester in Arthur's court. He juggled and sang and did magic tricks. One day the king grew bored of him and threw him into the dungeon. Perjury performed his magic tricks for the fellow prisoners instead.
Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class. The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk. Tami whispered about the boy quietly. But Gina whispered loudly, hoping he would hear her. But the boy either didn't hear, or didn't care what was being said.
Tom kept losing lunch meat from the refrigerator. He kept thinking his girlfriend was eating it. After a while he set up a hidden camera. He caught his dog as the culprit. It figured out how to open the door and get to the meat.
Martin went to a school this morning. He did not know they would write a test today. He did not study yesterday. He did not pass the test. He was very unhappy.
Gus and Sam rowed their uncle's boat across the lake. They didn't realize how far out they were. When they looked back they saw it would be a long row to shore. They rested awhile and then started the row back. They were exhausted when they finally reached land.
Katrina was taking another flight to a city across the country. She always wanted the window seat on the airplane. She often got sick from the elevation and the view calmed her down. On this flight she wasn't able to sit by the window. Katrina became ill and had to stay in the bathroom most of the flight.
About six months ago, I started doing yoga. I was very stiff at first but I persevered every day. I practiced so much that I developed new muscles. I also found a new emotional balance in my life. I continue doing yoga as it has brought me so much since I started.
As a boy, I picked up a centipede, thinking it was a caterpillar. It bit me hard on the finger and wouldn't let go. My mother took me to the doctor just in case. I learned centipedes can be poisonous and their bites hurt. Even now, as an adult, I fear centipedes.
Jim had a lot of work to do. He had to build and sell bird houses. He worked for ten hours straight. He almost passed out. Jim learned that he shouldn't work without taking breaks.
John wanted to be the best basketball player in his town. So he challenged the best player to a game of one on one. Everyone watched as the game went back and forth. Eventually John scored the winning basket. John was the new king of the court.
Sam's sales were way down. He hadn't been able to get his head in the game. Sam knew he would be fired if he didn't do better. Unfortunately he wasn't able to. He wound up getting fired.
Matt's room was really ugly. But it was only because it was such a mess. He took two days to clean everything up. And it looked like a brand new room. Matt was happy about how good his clean room looked.
Tom was at a pool party with friends. Someone decided to throw him in. His phone was on him. The phone was destroyed. Tom's insurance didn't cover water damage.
One day, a car dealer was running low on inventory. He decided that he needed to buy 69 cars to fill his lot. When the cars were delivered, he realized the supplier made a mistake! The cars all had supercharged turbo engines, so they were very fast. He did not report the mistake and sold all 69 cars for extra money.
Susie went away to Nantucket. She wanted to relax. When she got there it was amazing, The waves were so relaxing. Susie never wanted to leave.
Jeremy was in the war in Afghanistan. He kept a journal documenting his time there. A journalist asked to read what he wrote. She read the entries, but they just talked about food. The journalist sighed and didn't interview him anymore.
Carol spent hours making a snowman. It was very detailed and had plenty of accessories. When she went in to get a final touch her brother kicked it over. She saw it and was furious. They got into a big fight and haven't talked in weeks.
Joe was in love with his best friend Ann. One day, Joe decided it was time to tell her. He nervously told Ann about his feelings. Ann felt the same way. Joe and Ann decided to become a couple.
Tina wanted to change her diet. She decided to be a vegan. She cut it all out. It was hard. But she was happy she was changing her lifestyle.
Tom was excited about his graduation. All his family and friends were going to be there. He was going to walk with honors. He received a big cheer when he got his diploma. Tom was motivated to continue his education.
Angela invited Heather to her farm for the weekend. When her dad was out, Angela sneaked the 3-wheeler key. The girls zoomed across the pasture, hair blowing in the wind. They did not see the deep rut until they were thrown into the air. Dad was not happy when he found them next to his overturned bike.
Diana asked her boss for a promotion in the job. Her boss only agreed to give her the promotion if he can date her. When she refused, the boss tried to grab her. Luckily, the security guards heard her voice. They barged into the room and took the boss away.
I made creamy cauliflower soup for dinner last night. I started by sauteing some leek and onion together in a pot. I added some water and the first half of a head of cauliflower. After letting that cook for 15 minutes, I added the other half. Putting the mix in the blender made a creamy, delicious soup.
Bethy kept jumping around the house. She said that Santa is coming to her house tonight. Since Ben was annoyed, he told her that Santa is not real. She sat down and cried immediately. Ben was in trouble when their mom found out what he did.
My final exams are this week. Tonight after dinner I went to the library. I stayed there for three hours. I studied for 2 exams. After I finished I went to sleep.
Eric handed out the tests to his eighth grade class. The algebra test was assuredly very difficult. Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor's test. The student admitted to copying answers! Eric reluctantly gave the student no points.
There was a homeless man sitting outside the mall. He wasn't wearing a jacket in the 20 degree weather. People kept walking right past him without a care in the world. I walked into the mall and used my gift card to purchase a jacket. His smile made in the end made it all worth it.
Bob hated mowing. Mowing was his least favorite activity. His wife however, loved to have a perfect yard. So every Saturday Bob would wake up and mow the yard. Bob mowed every Saturday to prove his love for his wife.
Ben wasn't happy with how his friends treated him at school. He thought maybe a change in wardrobe would get him a new reputation. He went to the mall and spent one hundred dollars on new clothes. He was so excited to wear his new clothes to school. When he got there, a girl told him she liked his alternative look.
Will decided he needed to toughen up. He signed up with a gym that had free weights. Will began to do a bench press with heavy barbell. The bar slipped, Will dropping it on his chest! Will decided perhaps he was tough enough, never returning to that gym.
Lisa was allergic to bees. One day while gardening Lisa was stung by a bee. She quickly ran inside to grab her emergency medication. She could not find it anywhere. Lisa died from the bee sting.
I tried out for the football team at school. I got cut from the team after tryouts. The coach said that I wasn't big enough to successfully play. Determined to prove him wrong I spent the next year working out. I became stronger and bigger and the next year I made the team!
Rosa went with her friends to a haunted house amusement. The attractions in the haunted house were terrifying. Rosa began to cry. She ran out of the haunted house. Her friends laughed at her for being scared.
Kay needed to renew her driver's license. She went to the Fort Lauderdale DMV. She filled out the paperwork and paid for the license. As she was leaving she asked how long before the license would arrive. To her surprise Florida prints your ID, you get it the same day.
Jane was shopping at the mall. She was looking at make up. Without realizing it she put lipstick in her pocket. Jane didn't notice until she got home later that night. At that point she figured it was too late.
I always was interested in learning to cook. My first meal that i prepared for the family came out burnt. I  prepared them a second meal. No one wanted to be the first to try my food. An hour later i walked into the kitchen just to find the pots empty.
I rode my bike to the grocery store. I parked my bike on the bike stands. I went inside and grocery shopped. After shopping, I noticed my bike was stolen. I picked up my phone and reported it to the police.
I found Goofy near my house when I was little. He was the runt of the litter, and was very weak and small. He had a blue eye and a brown one. He also had half a tail from a birth defect. I picked him up, and took him home with me.
Gina wore a dress to a February funeral. It was 2 hours later and she was still cold. She sat in front of the vent enjoying the heat. Her mother saw her and made her move. She was hogging the heat from the rest of them.
Fred had worked in Reno for most of his life. He loved making money, but found that Reno was making him depressed. Finally Fred decided that he could no longer stand working in Reno. He drove to Reno one morning to tell his boss that he quit. It was the last time he ever saw that town.
Tom met a girl at a bar. They talked for a while and he got her number. Tom was nervous about calling her. When he finally did it turned out to be a wrong number. Tom felt crushed.
Sally was going on a camping trip. She bought brand new camping gear. However, it started to rain. She was told the camping trip was cancelled. Sally lost her sense of fun.
I had so much homework this weekend. I planned to get it all done on Saturday. Saturday came and went and I lazed around. Now it's Sunday evening and I'm panicking. I need to stop doing this to myself.
I used to work for a transit authority in Boston. One day, I took two other office workers on a field trip. We visited a carhouse in East Boston. We took selfies in the cabs of the subway cars. I got to drive the car in the yard.
Amy went skiing in Colorado. She went down the steepest slope. Amy fell down. She broke her leg. Amy has decided not to ever ski again.
My husband wanted me to watch a tv series with him. I didn't understand why until the last season. A personality of a child existed inside a woman. He told me that was what it was like living with me. I smiled, because I knew it was true.
Marie loved cats. She found a kitten by the school entrance. She took the kitten home and hid it in her bedroom. Marie's parents heard the kitten crying. Marie's parents made her take the kitten back to the school.
I was so excited for the weekend. It felt great to be off of work. I really needed it. So I spent the weekend relaxing. It felt great.
Myra was an excellent gardener. She worked very hard on her flowers. One day, a boy from the neighborhood rode his bike through her garden. It destroyed her flowers. Myra vowed never to garden again.
Pepe really wanted to visit France. He built himself a little boat and pointed it in the right direction. Pepe sailed his boat over rough seas and dangerous tides. He was astounded to find himself in Italy. Pepe realized he'd used American standard units in his calculations.
Gabriel woke up to a buzzing alarm. He groggily hit the snooze button and went back to sleep. It wasn't long before the alarm went off again. Annoyed, Gabriel turned the phone off and threw it. He ended up sleeping in until noon that day.
Ken needed to do many chores. He tried to do several at the same time to get done faster. He wound up messing some up and having to redo them. It actually took longer. Ken decided to concentrate on each individually instead.
Sue has a geometry test in the morning. She has been absent with the flu for a week. Her teacher still expects her to take the test. Sue stayed up all night studying. Luckily Sue was able to get help and made an A.
Seth was flying a passenger plane over New York City. Suddenly, both of his engines cut out. He would have to land the plane on the Hudson River. He carefully maneuvered the plane into a safe water landing. Everyone survived and got off the plane safely.
Bessie wanted to vote in the upcoming election. Her car was in the shop. Bessie's friend volunteered to give her a ride to the polls. Bessie was able to vote, and her candidate won. Bessie was glad that her friend gave her a ride to the polls.
Katie was a ballerina. She needed new ballet shoes. She told her mother. They finally went to the dance store. Katie was relieved to buy new ballet slippers.
Sonny enjoyed watching the waves crash against the shore. He would go there daily to see if the waves got bigger. There was a storm recently that caught him off guard. The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny. Sonny did not go back to that place again.
A musician needed to release a single for his record label. He sat around his house trying to come up with ideas. He could not come up with any good ideas and he felt bad. Suddenly, a melody he played caught his attention and inspired him. The musician worked the song out and sent it to his label.
Tim forgot lunch on his first day of high school. He was hungry and unhappy! But then his homeroom teacher announced a surprise treat. The whole class was having a lunchtime pizza party! Tim was so relieved and happy!
Bennett loved sitting in his favorite chair. One day, it broke and he couldn't use it anymore. After that, he purchased a new one. It wasn't as soft though so he was sad. Finally, he got his old chair repaired.
Ashley needs a vacation from work. She has been working double shifts for two weeks. She is quickly becoming stressed and asks her boss for a week off. Her boss understood and sent her to Cancun for five days. The best part is that the company paid for Ashley's whole trip.
Joy was decorating her porch. She got a basket and put some mums in it. She tried to move the basket, but the handle popped off. The basket completely fell apart. Joy was so frustrated!
My friend has this mean boyfriend. He will not let her hang out with her friends. I told her to break up with him. She decided to listen to my advice. He cried a lot.
Lisa loved to hike. One day she saw a rattlesnake while hiking. The rattlesnake was in the middle of the trail. The rattlesnake slithered away when he saw Lisa. Lisa was able to finish her hike.
Jake was at the park. It was a windy day. He was wearing a hat. A strong gust blew his hat off. He chased after it but never caught it.
The Smith family went to the garden to plant flowers. They used shovels and tilled the ground. The kids planted marigolds. Mom and dad planted rose bushes. Afterwards they all drank lemonade.
Jocelyn was very good at giving massages. As she didn't have proper training, she did it for free. But one day, she had a chance to postulate for a position. When she got there, she realized it was too shady to accept the offer. She went back home and decided to take massage lessons.
Dee had to drive across the country. She prepared for her trip. It took a week to get everything together. She was really nervous. Because she was so prepared it went great!
Don needed to quit drinking. He tried to stop on his own but he couldn't. Then he decided to attend meetings for help. He found them to be useful and friendly. With their help, Don has been clean for seven years!
Davis had his backpack ready to go. He was going for a hike and camping trip. He arrived at the trail and began hiking. Davis walked for many miles, found a camp, and set it up. He had a wonderful time that weekend, hiking and camping.
Neil was visiting Lancaster, Pennsylvania. He toured the old Amish town. He bought an Amish-made quilt and some jam. Then he ate an Amish lunch. He really loved the culture in Lancaster!
My wife was working yesterday. I decided to watch movies all day. I saw L'Auberge Espagnole, The Messengers, and Garden State. I finished watching the last movie just before my wife got home. She called me a cineaste that day.
Tom's city was hit by a heavy storm. There were strong winds. ONe of them knocked a tree down in Tom's yard. The tree fell partly on the living room. Tom had to get insurance to pay for the damages.
There was a huge storm brewing. The family stayed inside their home. They watched the television for alerts. A tornado was expected to hit their town. After many hours of waiting, the family was unaffected by the storm.
Maddie's science fair was coming up today. To prepare for the fair, Maddie completed the project and got it ready At the fair, Maddie set up her project and greeting teachers. Everyone seemed fascinated by Maddie's project. To her delight, Maddie received a solid A grade.
Amanda wanted to go to the basketball game. She had no one to go with her. She asked her friend Bob. Bob agreed to go with her. They enjoyed cheering for the basketball team.
Charles is a high school student. He is looking for work. He finds a job taking care of kids. Charles becomes the new babysitter. The kids love their new babysitter.
Jim was a young boy. He played on a peewee football team. Jim was looking forward to the upcoming scrimmage. Upon arriving at the game, Jim realized he forgot his cleats. Jim played poorly and had little traction during the game.
John worked at the local radio station. He would often ignore caller requests. Eventually several people complained. John had to be let go. He was fired with a severance package.
Joe was driving home when he noticed a DVD store was closing down. The DVD store was having a major sale. Joe just cash his check and had lots of money. So Joe went to the DVD store and bought a bunch of movies. Joe went home to watch some.
Juice played piano for her church choir. Pastor Evan wanted her to play the organ instead of piano. Juice practiced the organ but didn't enjoy it as much as piano. Juice had Custodian Tom move the organ to the church basement. Pastor Evan insisted Juice play the organ anyway.
Jill heard there would be a snowstorm in her town. She went to the store and bought supplies. Later, Jill brought firewood into her house. Suddenly, at night, the storm hit her town. She woke up to see that she was snowed in her home.
Timmy was walking home from school. The neighbors got a new dog. It scared Timmy a lot. This day it jumped out of the fence and chased him. Timmy barely made it home.
Sam bought a new house and wanted to build a shed. She looked at her yard and tried to imagine where it would go. To make things easier she drew a map of her yard. In the far right corner she drew in a shed. Sam liked the way that this map looked with the shed.
Marcia loved to dance. She wanted to become a better dancer. To become a better dancer she started to take classes. Now she is an expert at several types of dance. She now competes in many dance competitions!
The kids gathered at the library. They were all painting rocks for the new rock garden. They worked carefully on the project. When they were finished, they set them out to dry. The rocks would look great on display!
Anna's TV was behaving weirdly. She decided to switch to her local cable company. They came and hooked up her new service. Anna's TV reception became much better. She was glad she had switched!
Freddy had a rough day at his job. He wanted to relax with a nice cold beer. However, he didn't have any beer at home. He stopped at the gas station and bought a pack of beer. When he got home he enjoyed his adult beverage.
Joel loved to feed the ducks. He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood. Then, he would go to the pond. The ducks knew him when they saw him. They always crowded around him for food.
Andrew visited a local store. He looked over what they sold briefly. He couldn't find anything he was interested in buying. After a little while, he decided to leave. He thought that he might visit there again someday.
Kelly was craving chocolate milk, but she had no powder or syrup. She decided to improvise with a packet of hot cocoa. But, stir as she might, she couldn't get the yucky powder to mix! It was a foul-tasting concoction. At least, Kelly reasoned, you never know until you try!
Abby loved going to the zoo to see the elephants. Abby enjoyed the elephant's trunk, but enjoyed looking at the ears. Abby always thought a elephant's ear mimicked airplane wings. Abby thought when a elephant moved its ears, it was saying hello. Abby loved seeing the large, majestic ears of the elephant.
My coworker brought his 7-year old daughter to work. I threw some paper and hit her. She threw some back. Soon she was running and laughing as I chased her. Her father told her to be quiet.
Eddie was doing the laundry. He forgot to put the detergent in the washer. When the load finished, it was still dirty. Eddie realized his mistake. He ran the clothes again with the detergent this time.
Cindy drove a beetle. She wanted a new car. She bought the same kind. But it was a newer model. It looked about 100 years newer.
Jill loved rock and roll. Her favorite band was playing tonight at a concert. She was going to that concert. She got ready then drove to the concert. She had a good time at the concert.
Jill was 9 months pregnant. She was having contractions and started timing them. She told her husband it was time to get to the hospital. Jill was in pain and told her husband to call an ambulance. She gave birth to a beautiful baby girl in the ambulance.
Gina was hungry. Her grandmother was watching her TV shows and hadn't cooked. On the table was one slice of apple pie. She thought the last slice was saved for her. But her grandma was saving it for her grandpa.
Danny couldn't believe his luck. He had made it onto a game show. Danny was also doing very well for himself. He had won several prizes and it came down to the last question. He answered it correctly won a new car!
Heidy went to the Apple store. She decided to purchase a new iPad. When she got home, she decided to open it. She didn't see anything in the box. It was filled with cardboard and Styrofoam.
Johnson had always wanted a pet cactus. The only issue was they were very expensive. Johnson then decided to travel to a desert. Johnson got on an airplane and flew to the Sahara Desert. After that, Johnson picked out his favorite cactus.
Jenny's dog was very much afraid of storms. Every time it thundered he'd hide in the bathroom. The only way she could calm him was to sing. So she made up a song that calmed the dog instantly. Now when it storms outside Jenny doesn't mind, she sings.
Ian became tired of all of the shows on TV. So he decided to watch videos online. He ended up spending several hours watching Youtube videos. And he decided to cancel his cable subscription. He connected his computer to his television and had a blast.
Ruben was so nervous for his job interview, he didn't sleep. He was a nervous wreck the entire drive to the interview. As he waited, he remembered a deep breathing technique. He started to breathe deeply and calm his nerves and mind. He calmed himself just enough to ace the interview and get the job.
Chuck and his wife Nickie went on a vacation to Cancun. They went on an excursion with a large group. The group stopped at a big zip line. Chuck was scared but Nickie talked him into doing the zip line. Afterwards Chuck had so much fun that he did the zip line again!
I once found a baby lizard on my porch. I wanted to keep him so I put him in a container. It was a sunny day and I was playing with him on the driveway. I went in for lunch and when I returned something bad had happened. The hot Alabama sun had dried out the baby lizard!
Chuck noticed that Jason was getting rambunctious. It was dinner time. Chuck had worked to long so he hadn't prepared dinner. He put a box of bagel bites in the microwave. Jason was much happier with the bagel bites than Chuck was.
One a cold night I collected firewood. I took a bundle inside and set it by the fireplace. I arranged the wood in a tepee and set it on fire. The fire grew very big very fast. Soon the whole room was very warm.
I love grilled cheese sandwiches. Sometimes I am just too lazy to grill them on the stovetop properly. I decided to try toasting the bread in the toaster. After it is toasted I put cheese and butter on it. I melt the cheese on the sandwich in the microwave and it is perfect.
Jasmine loved grapefruit more than any other fruit. She ate grapefruit every morning for breakfast. One day, Jasmine woke up feeling off but she still ate her grapefruit. Later that morning, Jasmine got sick and threw up in the bathroom. Since that day, Jasmine has avoided grapefruit.
Bradley studied hard all semester in all his classes. He would often study on the weekends as well When his grades came out, his grades were great. Bradley's good grades earned him a spot on the Dean's list He celebrated that weekend with his parents.
Kris always wrote his name on his lunch bag. He knew someone in the office always got in unmarked food. He figured if the person knew whose it was they wouldn't eat it. He was wrong. His lunch was missing a fruit snack and a pudding cup.
Will was an avid hiker. Will took a special trip to hike up a trial in the Rockies. On the trail, Will had an encounter with a black bear. The bear followed Will for about a mile on the trail. Will was relieved when the bear finally left him alone!
Lucy was a stray dog. One day, a human found her running in the middle of a highway. The human brought her home to be safe but couldn't keep her. The human brought her to a shelter where she lived for months. Eventually, a nice family adopted her.
Lee was getting older. He noticed that he was having a lot of aches and pains. He hated this about getting older. He talked to his doctor about what to do. He started taking much better care of himself!
Angela saw coupons for a new pizza place at work. She had never been there but heard good things. The coupon was for a free pizza. Angela decided to take a coupon and try it after work. Angela and her family did not like the pizza.
Conrad went to a club, while he was out of town. He immediately saw a beautiful, ebony faced woman sitting nearby. He decided to talk with her and engage. They talked for three hours and exchanged numbers. They have been together for six years.
Anne needed a wok to cook her meal. She drove to the store. Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans. She selected a perfect wok. She couldn't wait to get home and cook in it!
Sally never brought lunch to school. Instead, she just bought cookies at the student store. But Sally's health became worse and worse. She was too addicted to the cookies however. For several years, Sally never ate a proper meal.
Bill was still on training wheels, but came home with new scrapes. His parents started getting worried and asked what happened. He would always reply nothing and go on like normal. One day Dad was coming home and noticed Billy on his bike. He was no longer using training wheels and his parents were relieved.
A little boy wanted to take up boxing so bad. His dad was not willing to put him in classes. For Christmas , the little boy continued to ask for classes. His dad decided to find humor in the situation. He bought his son boxing gloves, and a book of matches.
Yesterday Kelly went out to eat. She decided to go to her favorite restaurant. Yet to her dismay, the service was terrible. Kelly was upset. She did not leave a tip and never wanted to return.
Marissa tried on her dress for her wedding. To her shock, the dress was too small. Luckily a seamstress was right down the street. The emergency modifications were made. Marissa looked beautiful in her dress.
Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day. They went to the closest berry farm. They grabbed a bucket to put their berries in. They spent most of the time laughing and eating from the bushes. When they were done, they only had a handful of berries in the bucket!
Joanne loves to bake cookies with her grandmother. Every Christmas they bake dozens together. This year they are making chocolate chip, sugar and gingerbread. One Friday after Joanne got out of school they got to work. They baked cookies all afternoon.
Avery and James were best friends since they were little kids. One of their favorite pastimes was going to see the newest movies. One thing that Avery couldn't stand was James constant critique. He thought he was a film student since he had taken a college class. Eventually their friendship ended due to the constant bickering.
Roy's boss stocked the break room with many types of tea. Roy wanted to try them all. He wrote a list of every tea on it. Each time at break he drank a tea and crossed it off the list. Once the list was all crossed off he started again.
Diane was excited to have her friends over to her new home. She had begun planning this several months ago. All the food and plates were in place, it was time for the party! All her guests arrived and had a great time. She was so happy it had gone well.
Jess was in high school. She was used to making all A's. She had forgotten about a test. Jess decided to cheat. However she got caught and got an F.
My wife used to beat me with sticks. I was embarrassed because I'm a man. I suffered the beatings in silence. Finally I had my wife arrested for beating me. I learned that my wife is a Domestic Terrorist.
Ron and his family enjoyed eating out a lot. They ate out twice a week. Ron's hours at work were cut. They weren't able to eat out as often. Ron and his wife cooked at home more.
Augustus and Seana were best friends since childhood. They hung out almost every day of the week. Augustus started a new job he couldn't meet with her as much. Seana made sure she could hang out whenever Augustus had time. They found they cherished the time they spent together all the better.
Madison was reading a book in the bath tub. Suddenly, she dropped the book. It was soaking wet and fell apart completely. Madison really wanted to find out how the book ended. Finally, she realized that she could find it online and looked it up.
Tom was socially awkward. He was invited out by his friends. He didn't know he should shower. Tom smelled really bad. He wasn't invited out much more after that.
Ashley had a sleepover at her house one night. They all told ghost stories after lights-out. None of them got scared because they were giggling too much. Then they went to sleep. They all had fun that night.
The newborn cow was very cute. She sidled up to her mother. She began rooting around for a test. She was a miniature, so it wasn't easy. She lapped up the milk healthily.
Anna got a potted hyacinth for her birthday. It had just started blooming. She planted it outside and the flowers blossomed. Over the winter the bulb froze in the ground. Then next spring, the flowers returned!
Anna was making an ethnic dinner. She needed rice as a base, so she poured some into a pot. But when the rice cooked, Anna got a shock. She had intended to feed her family of five with the rice. But there was enough rice for twenty people in the pot!
I went to the flea market to buy some tools after my home was burgled. At the fleamarket I saw a nice set of wrenches. Each wrench had my name engraved on it. I could tell that this man was selling my burgled goods. He let me have them for a fair price after I threatened him.
The Ferguson family wanted to get a puppy. Before they went to the pet store, they heard a noise outside. When they looked outside, they saw a little white dog. She looked cold and hungry. They took her in and decided to keep her!
Ashley found a small orange kitten behind a dumpster at her job. She decided to take him home and care for him. He grew up around just her so he's afraid of other people. When people come over, he hides under the bed to watch them. Once they've been there a while, he'll finally come out.
Alana loved chocolate cake. She decided to make one for her friend. When she was done with the cake, she delivered it to her. Her friend was thankful. Alana went to make more.
Tim came out of a movie to find his car. He noticed it had a flat tire. Tim had a spare he could use. He jacked up the car and replaced the tire. The next day he bought a new one.
Eliza finished first place in her school's geography quiz. She won a scholarship to a university from National Geographic. Eliza realized she didn't want to go to college. She loved geography, so she bought a ticket to China. There she prepared to tour the country.
I was at the gas station, ready to leave and my car would not start. I searched for a mechanic from an app on my phone. I called the closest mechanic, and they said to wait where I was. The mechanic pulled up to my car, five minutes later. He fixed my car, and I have gone to him ever since.
Kevin felt stressed out at work. He had a number of deliverables due at the end of the week. To make matters worse, he had a short-tempered client. Nevertheless, Kevin and his teammates buckled down and did great work. They went to happy hour that Friday together and relaxed.
My sister  wanted  to  become  a dentist. But she  got  married  and  decided to  have  kids. Now her children  are  older  and  more  independent. My sister  takes  classes at the local  community  college. She is back on the   path  to  dental  school.
Ava fell asleep while smoking a cigarette. She woke shortly thereafter. She was surrounded by flames! Ana rushed outside and dialed 911 from her cell phone. She sobbed, knowing her carelessness had caused the fire.
Champ got a phone call. It was a little boy. He said that he had been checking out Champ's wife. It was a good joke. But the boy's mom found out.
Ed's mom was checking out at the grocery store. She had dozens of items on the conveyer belt. Surely she wouldn't notice one more thing. Ed snuck a pack of M&Ms onto the line. Unfortunately his mom saw him so he had to put them back.
Toby was nervous, but excited. His band was up next in the battle of the bands competition. They were well prepared. They began playing. Toby's band did great and won the competition.
Samantha was taking an art history class the required a museum trip. At the end of the week she had chosen one to go to. At first the museum seemed very boring to her. But as time went on she began to really enjoy the trip. Afterwards she told her professor how much she had enjoyed her trip.
Tom was an electronics store. He noticed there was a clearance section. He saw a computer for $300. And he gave into his temptation to buy it. When Tom got home, he realized that he wasted his money.
Juan was worried he wouldn't meet friends at his new school. He had always found meeting friends difficult. He decided to join this school chess team. At the first practice, he met a nice guy named Horatio. Juan was so happy to have made his first friend.
James threw the punch with all his might. He could feel all his body's strength behind it. He heard a loud crack! He opened his eyes and saw the sky. He had missed and got knocked out.
Last year I began to feel listless. I realized I was watching way too much television. I decided to give up television for a whole year. I began to read books and talk more with people instead of TV. At the end of that year, I made new friends and got all A's in school.
Betty liked candy. She like most flavors except for sour things. She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday. She has been pouty all day because of it. She ended up giving her candy to her brother.
In 2004 we took my sister in law to the S&S Deli. She took her five year old granddaughter. The deli had a painting of the founder, an old woman. The granddaughter said the lady was her grandmother. My sister in law was not amused.
Darrell always walked with a limp Darrel complained to his friend Frank about it. One day Darrell asked Frank if he could take him to the doctor. The doctor said Darrell needs surgery on his knee. Darryl walks without a limp now and is happy.
The kids were excited. The parade would be by any moment! They had their bags ready to collect candy. When the floats drove by, they scrambled to get everything they threw. They soon had full bags!
I had a dream about my friend's daughter last night. I dreamed she was having trouble in college. I dreamed I helped her write a paper. She hugged me after she got an A. I woke up smiling.
Elizabeth likes to read novels. Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading. Elizabeth decided to go to a furniture store to get a proper light. She ended up spending a lot of money on a reading lamp. Elizabeth now treasures her reading lamp as it give her pleasure.
Brad had a quiz tomorrow. Brad hadn't studied for it. Brad crammed for it the night before and the day of. The professor said he moved the quiz to next week. Brad was annoyed, he knew he wouldn't study for it.
My wife's cat is not very friendly. She does let my wife approach her. Last night my wife came up close to take a photo. The cat swiped at the camera with her paw. My wife was surprised.
Kevin had a big test coming up. He needed time to study. His life at home was too hectic. He decided to stay at the library. He was able to study and did well on the test.
Last month I went on vacation. I went with my whole family to the beach. While we were at the beach we had a lot of fun playing volleyball. I accidentally spiked the ball in my sister's face! We all laughed about it later at dinner.
My son could not wait until he was old enough to drive. The day he turned sixteen he went to get his permit. He practiced everyday until he was a very good driver. After two months of practice, he went for his road test. He passed the test and got his driver's license!
The man called for his dog. His dog did not come. He looked around the yard for the dog. He could not find the dog. He called animal control to report the dog missing.
It was still winter so Carrie went outside in her long coat. Yet when she got into the backyard, she saw it was very hot. She was sweating. She immediately changed into short sleeves. She couldn't believe how hot it was.
Jeff did not like the band he was in. He decided to exit the band with a bang since he hated everyone. He paid camgirls to say explicit things about his bandmates. He recorded the girls and posted it on Facebook. Tim is out of the band now and they are furious.
The couple went on a walk. They walked through the park. There were a lot of trees in the park. The couple liked the trees. They took a lot of pictures of the trees.
Adolf painted a picture. The picture was purchased. The payment was deposited. The deposit was lost. Adolf called about his money.
Lois work up from a very deep sleep, feeling quite rested. She got dressed and joined her parents in the kitchen for breakfast. Her father smiled and asked how her morning was going. She told him she had just woken up, but she had slept well. He told her he had seen her outside hours ago, watching the sunrise.
I retired from my job in September of 2012. I worked for the MBTA, a mass transit authority. I was a trolley and subway car fan. Last week an ex coworker sent me a marketing item issued by the MBTA. I emailed her my thanks.
With wide eyes she told me that the biopsy came back positive. With tears in my eyes I threw my arms around her for a hug. The two of us developed a plan for her to beat this. Surgery was scheduled for the next week. She is now missing a breast, but she is also cancer free!
Roberto moved to New York City to be with his girlfriend of 4 years. He moved in with her and her family. Her dad told him if he didn't find a job he would have to leave. He interviewed for several positions but didn't get any of them. With no place to live, he had to move back to California.
Jill was expecting a baby. She wanted Jake, her husband, to be present at the delivery. Jake was hesitant, but he finally agreed to be at the delivery. Jake was a proud to be there with Jill when his daughter was born. Jake passed out when the doctor asked him to cut the cord.
I once stayed with a Scottish woman in South Africa. She had a husky named Akira. She also had a pool and I was excited to swim in it. When I finally did, it frightened Akira and she barked and barked. After that day, every time I got in the pool I locked Akira inside.
My friend Brandon collects aluminum cans for extra money. I told him that I had a lot of them and that he could have them. He came over to my place with a large bag and collected them all. He took all those cans to a recycler and sold them. Now Brandon has some extra money to buy things.
Ida was at a family picnic at the park. A bee approached her and she shooed it away. It grew angry and stung her on the hand! Ida's hand swelled up right away and became painfully sore. Ida had discovered that she was allergic to bees.
I was making a cake. I realised I needed more flour. I went to my car in the driveway. I drove to the store. I bought a pound of flour and went home.
Twas the night before school started. Amy was nervous about going to Junior High. She was scared to have classes without her friends. She and her friend Beth talked on the phone all night to calm down. Amy lay in bed scared and unable to sleep.
Ann's boss asked her to stay over. Ann didn't want to. Grudgingly, she accepted. When she got her check the next week, she grinned. Ann decided she was glad she'd stayed over after all!
I was in an eating contest. If I won, I would be able to pay my rent. I had to eat a three pound, triple decker burger. I started to wolf down the burger with all my might. When the contest was over, I was declared the winner.
Rick and Carl wanted to explore a dangerous part of town. But quickly, they began feeling scared. They walked towards a freeway underpass. But a homeless man began yelling at them. And Rick and Carl were too frightened to explore anymore.
There were two powerful families. One was the Lance's. One was called the Thompsons. The Lance's went to war with the Thompsons. The Lance's ended up winning the war and took over.
The dog was laying on the grass in the backyard. It was quiet and peaceful. Suddenly the dog spotted a blimp flying overhead. The dog jumped up and barked furiously at the blimp. The dog kept barking until the blimp was out of sight.
Janice had a passion for cupcakes. They were favorite baked good and she was great at making them. Janice turned her passion into a business. She opened up her very own cupcake shop, Janice's Cupcakes. Now she shares her love and talent with everyone.
Last night I went on a date with Kyle. He took me out to that new pizza place. We had a blast. At the end we kissed. When he drove me home it was sweet.
Chris appreciated fine works of art. Chris visited an art gallery in his city. Chris spoke to the artist. Chris and the artist got along very well. Chris and the artist became best friends.
Stephen had a very big table. He would use it everyday. One day, the table broke a leg. Then, Stephen had to rush to the store and get it fixed. Now, Stephen is able to eat on his table.
Matthew has always wanted a boat. Matthew goes to the boat shop. Matthew decides on the boat he wants. Matthew pays the cashier in cash. Matthew takes his boat out for a ride.
I felt like a grinch in my own house. The cacophony was too much to bear. The dog became hyper and made it worse. Someone turned on YouTube really loud. I said I was going to scream soon.
Simon called his dog. The dog did not come. He yelled his dogs name. His mom heard him. His mom found his dog.
One day Bethany asked her mother to teach her how to knit. Her mother took some time to show her the ropes. Bethany started the hang of it right away. Soon she was a master! Her mother was proud of her.
Tom was at the library doing homework. It was due at a specific time. He was working hard on his laptop. Before turning it in the laptop ran out of battery. Tom lost all his work.
James lives alone and sometimes feels very lonely. He has never had a wife or any children. One day he decides he will buy a kitten to keep him company. He finds that the days are nicer with a cat around. James is happy that the kitten makes him a little less lonely.
Jon wanted a bigger chest. He decided to do pushups every day. Alas, his chest wouldn't grow. He decided to do the bench press instead. After a few months, his chest because huge and muscular.
Juliet was shopping for her prom. She had gathered a few of her favorite dressed. Secretly she knew which one she really wanted. It was extremely pricey though, so she begged her mom. Luckily her mom decided that it would be okay and bought it.
Beatrice looked out the window and saw a little man outside. She went outside and called for him. Confused, she wondered why he wasn't responded. She walked up closer to find it was her neighbor's new lawn statue. Beatrice realized she needed to get her vision checked.
Amelia decided to go see a movie, but she did not want to go alone. She called several of her friends to ask them to come. However, nobody could come. Finally, Nathan agreed to the go to the movies with her. They had a great time!
Barb was thrilled with the new recipe she'd created. The town was having a baking competition. She was entering banana flan. After the judges tasted each thing, they gave her a blue ribbon. Barb was so proud!
Troy and his friends went to a haunted house on Halloween. They paid to get their tickets. They then waited in line for 30 minutes. When it was their turn, they went in the house and enjoyed themselves. They laughed and giggled and drove home.
Johnny grandpa always took his change out of his pockets at night. When Johnny visited, he would get to keep the change! Tonight when his grandpa took the money out there wasn't just change. There was a dollar bill as well. His grandpa let him keep it!
I was not at all prepared for my math test. I wrote the formulas for the test on a piece of paper. During the test, I took the paper out. My teacher walked over to me and took the paper. She gave me an F on the test and reported me to the Dean.
I was tired but not ready to go to sleep yet. So I grabbed one of my books on American history. I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention. I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise. Next thing I knew, sunlight was peeking at me through the window.
Cam wrote a love note to a pretty girl in his class. He handed it to her as he walked to throw something away. She opened it and immediately wrote back. Cam picked up her response, from her desk. He read it and was happy she would sit with him at lunch.
Teenage daughter is about ready to graduate high school. She wants to learn how to drive before she graduates. She is staying home while going to college. Her dad takes her out to drive for the very first time. After awhile she got it as she was a very fast learner.
Ana couldn't find her child in the crowd. She started to panic and an official took notice. He asked her what the problem was that had her so disturbed. Ana told him she couldn't find her child. He pointed a relieved Ana to her kid, sitting on the clown's lap.
Our school got a new track. It was black. We took off the unneeded rubber. We didn't let cleats mess it up. We were able to host track meets.
I took my son fishing with me at the lake near our house. When a butterfly flew by, he put his pole down and chased it. By the time he came back, I had caught a big fish. When he saw my fish, he made sure he was not distracted anymore. Soon after, he, too, caught a big fish.
Amanda bought fabric for a craft project. She bought way too much fabric. Her craft room was overrun by fabric. She didn't have any room to make her project. Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future.
Dad knew there was a skunk. Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house. One day he tried to scare it out with live music. It ran out and into the house spraying everything. Dad left the skunk alone after that.
Tim loved snack food. Chips were his favorite. He ate them every day for lunch. He finished off a large bag in just a couple of days. Tim's wife told him to eat healthier snack from now on.
When I was little I loved climbing. I would climb walls, play sets and especially trees. The tallest one I climbed was also the scariest. I fell and broke my arm. I still climb trees but I'm more careful about it now.
I just had lunch with three fellow retirees. We worked for the same agency for 17 to 25 years. We have lunch every two or three months. We update each other on our families. It's nice to keep in touch with old friends and co-workers.
Tom was drinking tap water. But not matter how much he drank, he was still thirsty. He was worried something was wrong with his tap water. So he installed a water filter. And the water tasted much better.
Joe was falling behind on his bills. He decided to get a second job. He started to work bussing tables on the weekend. Joe started to pay off his bills. Eventually Joe was able to stop working his second job.
Henry was trying to pay off his credit card. He sent money through the credit card application. After a few days, he had an overdue charge. The bank representative told him that they never received a payment. However, he looked into his account and there was no money.
Gerald was a great basketball player. He could score lots of points and pass very well. In the championship game Gerald couldn't score enough points. The rest of his team worked very hard to help Gerald. Together they won the championship game!
Last night I was reading on my Kindle. I was sitting on an office chair looking down. My wife asked if I wanted to go to bed. She thought I was asleep, looking down. I said I was reading but might as well go to bed.
Buddy had a problem drinking. He tried to stop on his own many times, but he failed. Finally he decided to join a recovery group. They were helpful and supportive. With their assistance, Buddy finally got sober!
Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.
John's friend told him about a really good movie. It had just just come to the theater in his town. He was very excited and bought tickets that night. After watching it, he was very disappointed. John will never take movie requests from this friend again.
When I was 7 Year's old, my grandpa turned 80. He had a stroke many Years before and couldn't walk or talk. I drew a picture of him in a wheelchair. Above his head was a speech bubble that had him talking gibberish. When I gave him the picture he laughed so hard that he teared up.
Maurice has just moved into a new city and he needs a job. His friend recommends he try shining shoes at first. It is a very difficult job, and it does not pay a lot of money. However, Maurice works many hours to survive. He feels proud to have a job in his new city.
Aya received a sudden diagnosis of stage IV pancreatic cancer. She was told she had only a month to live, maybe less. She did not wallow in self-pity - instead, she used her time well. She wrote long letters to her loved ones and passed on her jewelry. When Aya passed away, she did so peacefully, knowing she was ready.
I had a neighbor that is so arrogant. He always say something to all that he see. I was so mad because he kept on complaining so i shouted at him. I told him not to bother us and mind his own business. From that day he can't look at me every time i pass by.
I was wearing a new, clean pair of shoes. I told everyone at school about my brand new shoes. All of my friends came to look at my shoes. They stepped on my shoes on purpose. Now my shoes are dirty.
Tom wasn't getting many hours at work. He had extra bills due to an accident. He was afraid he wouldn't be able to pay rent. Tom had to get a loan to pay it. Now he's afraid of not being able to pay that back.
Natasha decided to wash her hair for her date one day. She went into the shower and poured the shampoo on her hair. When the shampoo didn't lather she became suspicious. After a closer look she saw it was really Nair. Most of Natasha's hair came out because of the Nair.
A policeman got a call about a suspicious man outside a school. The officer arrived at the school and found a man humming a song. The tune sounded familiar to the officer. He hummed along with the man as he finished the song. When they were done they both had a good laugh.
Cami was about to go on a long trip. She was going to miss her boyfriend a lot. They were spending time together up to the last second. Finally it was time to say goodbye. They hugged for a long time.
None of Kendra's kids, nor did she, wanted to do the dishes. Kendra decided to be fair and have them draw straws. She cut four straws and held them in her hand. Each kid grabbed a straw. After comparing, Kendra sighed and went to wash the dishes.
Most evenings, Sandra goes to the coast to watch the sunset. She loves watching the lighthouse illuminate over the sea. While she's there, she sketches landscape. Sandra saw a boat coming in to dock. She quickly sketched it into her piece.
John is really good at playing chess. His friend, Mark, said John isn't as good as Mary. So John challenged Mary to a game. The game took 2 hours, they are both great chess players. Eventually Mary won, Mark was right, and John was shocked.
Smitty felt a bit off after a spell of illness. He thought that might be because he wasn't getting enough sleep. He decided to take a sleeping pill or two that night. Come bed time Smitty took two low-dose sleeping pills. He slept that night like a baby, and woke up feeling great.
Ronald is working in  convenience store. A blizzard of snow comes while he is working. He wants to leave his store but cannot. He is snowed in. Ronald spends the next few days eating all of the food in the store.
I was working in a mall as a sales staff. Then there's this one customer who is so arrogant. He always demands what he wanted like he is our boss. Until he shouted at me because he is complaining. But all i can do is to keep calm and stay humble.
Jack was getting bullied on his way to school. The bigger kids would surround him and take his bookbag and dump it. His brother devised a plan. The next day the bullies grabbed Jack's bag and dumped it out. It was full of rubber snakes, causing them to scream and run away.
The army stopped for the night. They set up camp. They got news of an enemy attack. They were ordered to move. The broke camp in the middle of the night.
Milly took a map on her walk. She found a spot to visit. She followed the map to the spot. She ate a nice snack when she reached the spot. She marked the spot on her map to remember.
Jerry was eating cereal. He was watching the news when he saw his daughter on the screen. His daughter was on TV for her piano recital! Jerry was so excited that he videotaped the entire show. Jerry immediately called his daughter to congratulate her.
Jodie was obsessed with Tom. He started to feel suffocated. He decided to cut the relationship off. She went crazy and attacked him. He changed his number and moved away.
Janice wanted a new stylish hat for her annual garden party. Most Years she wore a white hat, but this now wanted something new. Janice saw a chic pink hat in an upscale boutique. Although the pink hat was expensive, Janice bought it. All of her friends at the garden party loved her new hat.
Andy was recently asked to dance at his daughter's wedding. However, Andy did not know how to dance at all. Andy decided he would enroll in some dance classes with his daughter. After class Andy would practice his new learned moves. Andy was glad he was learning how to dance for the wedding.
Bill was on boating while on holiday. Bill had been drinking pretty heavily when his boat ran out of gas. The coastguard had to come and tow him back to land. The coastguard smelled alcohol on Bill and arrested him. Bill never drank while boating again!
Liza was ready to make some potato chips in the kitchen. She got potatoes ready and her slicer to cut the vegetables. Liza sliced each potato into thin pieces and placed them in the oil. The slices cooked within a few minutes and were crisp chips. The chips tasted delicious to Liza and she was content with them.
Paul is an actor. Paul wants a role in a certain movie. Paul tries as hard as he can. Paul auditions. Paul lands the role in the movie.
Randy is serving his country. Randy is told he has to go to war. Randy fights in the war. While saving a group of women and children he gets shot. Randy loses his life saving the women and children.
Mike was playing darts at his favorite bar. A younger man approached him and challenged him to a friendly game. Mike laughed and said that the younger man could never beat him. The younger man bet him $50 that he would win. Mike lost $50 playing darts.
When Jacob heard that a hurricane was coming, he began preparing. First, he made sure he had all the supplies he needed. He realized he needed more water, so he bought some. Jake put all of his things in his garage, as was recommended. Finally, Jake turned on the weather, waiting for details.
I love watching television. I have about six shows I love to watch. I tried watching all of them at once. That did not work out well and I got sick. Now, I only watch one at a time.
Travis was an aggressive kid. He tried to fight Donald. Donald decided to pay Travis off. Travis took the money. Travis did not bother him again/
Hugo wanted to apply for a top school. He had slightly above average grades however. His parents encouraged him to apply. So he gave it a try. But he could not get accepted, unsurprisingly.
I work at a place that believes in teamwork. We have team meetings all the time. During the team meetings, we discuss strategy. However, during that time I could be closing deals. It always wastes my time.
Bill saw his friend be the life of the party at a social event. He thought about what the friend was doing right. He realized the friend was telling jokes. Bill decided to memorize many funny jokes. Bill was able to be the life a party by telling jokes himself.
Stacy was trying to fix her bicycle but needed tools. She went to the local hardware store for a screwdriver. The clerk offered many suggestions to Stacy. She ignored his suggestions and just picked the cheapest one. The screwdriver worked perfectly on her bike and it was fixed.
Lori went out shopping. As she was shopping she forgot something. She left her baby in the car. Lori freaked. Thankfully she was able to rescue her.
Thomas has a very important lab report due on Tuesday. He decided to work on it this weekend. Instead of working on his report, Thomas went out with his friends. When he got home, Thomas had to stay up all night writing his report. Thomas finished his report on time!
Joe has always admired the President. Joe wants to be just like him. Sometimes Joe dresses in his suits. He looks in the mirror and sits in his office. Joe is only vice president and that makes him sad.
My online chess rating is usually 1200 to 1300. This week I got to 1400, A few minutes ago I played a 1600 opponent. I won, unexpectedly, and got my rating up to 1430. I was very excited.
Emily had never been on a train before. Her class was taking a field trip and she would finally get to. She was excited beyond belief. The class boarded and the train departed. Emily had an amazing time that afternoon on her first train ride.
Our building lost the Internet yesterday. I called and was told the building was doing an upgrade. We got an email at 5:30 saying service was restored. I called the management as our unit still had no internet. We finally got service at 7 o'clock.
Dan had a dead Aspen tree along his walkway. He got out his chainsaw and cut it down. Dan bucked the tree into fireplace sized pieces. When it got cold he used them to heat his house. Dan was sad about losing the tree but happy to be warm.
Ricky was approaching the front door of her home. Ricky heard a tiny meow sound coming from behind a potted plant. As Ricky went to see what created the sound she found a kitten. Ricky immediately fell in love with the adorable kitten. Ricky adopted the kitten and name it pretzel.
Olivia was ordering pizza. She was all ready to pay when she checked her mail. In it she noticed a great coupon for the pizza place. She applied the coupon to her order. To her delight this saved her nearly half of her money.
Franklin was riding his bike. He got off to drink a glass of milk. He came back and someone was riding away on his bike. Franklin chased him down and beat him up. He was glad drinking milk made him strong.
Felix just graduated college. He moved back home with his parents. He now has a degree, no job and a lot of debt. He job hunted all summer and finally landed a job. Felix is excited to start getting paid for all his student loans.
Eric wanted to learn how to draw. But he was always too afraid to start. In his drawing class, he looked at other people's drawings. And he realized he had to start at the bottom too. But in several years, Eric was able to draw anything he wanted.
Sam wanted to borrow his parent's car. They were out at the time. He left a text message. They didn't see it. They thought the car was stolen.
Yesterday I watched a five minute workout on my tablet. I tried to emulate the workout but it was painful. My muscles were immediately in pain. The next day I was in so much pain I could not even bend or sit down. The pain was unbearable.
Stan was cooking dinner one night. Suddenly his toddler began to yell. Stan rushed to see what the problem was. The food on the stove caught fire while Stan was gone. When he rushed back, he had to hurry and put out the flames.
Tom ate some mushrooms he had gotten from his friends. His thinking became very strange. His friends laughed at Tom's demeanor. However, Tom had figured out a new system of government. He campaigned on his ideas, and started a new political party.
On the morning of Caleb's birthday, neither of his parents are home. He sends them both texts on his way to school. At the end of the school day, he still hasn't heard from them. He hurries home, worried. When Caleb opens the door, a room full of people yell Happy Birthday!
We had ham steaks for dinner tonight. My wife fried up two ham steaks. She defrosted some frozen veggies and heated up leftover potatoes. I used to cook but am disabled due to a stroke. With the simpler dinners I have lost thirty pounds.
Chelsea was a popular girl with lots of friends. She went to a small school where she knew everyone. One day, her dad took a new job. They had to move to a big city where Chelsea knew no one. Chelsea hated her new school and had no friends anymore.
Bobby was hungry and decided to eat what is in the refrigerator. Bobby saw there was some leftovers. He heated the leftovers up and began to eat it. Bobby's father came in and got mad at Bobby. Bobby ate his father's dinner.
Amy was struck by a drunk driver. Her car slammed into a telephone pole. Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly. She was rushed to the hospital, where doctors tended her. They ended up keeping her hospitalized for three weeks.
My husband's hair was getting really long. I suggested to him that he cut it. However, he was uninterested, as he wanted to grow his hair out. One day at work, his boss suggested that he cut his hair. That evening, Ben came home with a fresh, new haircut.
Jen had never been very outdoorsy, but decided to start hiking. Her first day started out well, but she soon drifted off the path. Before long she had become hopelessly lost in the woods. It was hours before she finally stumbled back onto the path. She didn't know if hiking was really for her.
Tim was at a seedy bar. He was drinking too much. He paid and left. The next day he noticed his wallet was missing. The bar told him they didn't know anything about it.
Kaya was on a long hike with her boyfriend Johnny. When they stopped for lunch, Johnny saw an item in the grass. Looking closer, he saw it was a shiny silver ring! Johnny decided to use the ring to propose to Kaya right then. Kaya said yes and told all her friends the romantic engagement story!
John liked to play the slots in Las Vegas. Today he hoped to hit the jackpot. He played  his favorite machine all day, but didn't win. He eventually had to get something to eat, he walked away. With his back turned, he heard bells and cheers, he never turned back.
Ryan went to the dealership to purchase a brand new car. As he went in, he was greeted by a friendly salesman. After discussing what kind of car Ryan should get they went to go look at the options. Ryan enthralled, picked the first one he saw. He was handed the keys, and drove off into the sunset excited!
Beth found a wallet on the ground. She decided to try to return it. She looked at the name and address on the license. Then she packaged the wallet and mailed it to its owner. The next week she received a thank-you note in the mail!
Victor has been strapped for cash lately. He's been trying to cut back on his food costs. Last week, his budget for food was forty dollars. Victor was starving most of the time. Now he's looking for other places to cut spending.
Beth wanted to go to a party. Her mom said no. Beth climbed out her window and went anyway. After having a good time at the party, she came home to no computer. Also her parents put bars on her window.
Tim was looking for new ways to get fit. He asked his athletic club about which classes were offered. He had never heard of Zumba. He decided to try it. He found a new hobby and loved the class.
Jerome had a bad first experience with peppers. During dinner, he snuck a roasted Jalapeno from his Dad's plate. He chomped it quickly, and soon regretted his decision. Jerome didn't want to get in trouble so he excused himself. His father could barely contain his laughter.
I walked in the lunch line to receive my food. The lunch lady handed a tray to me. I was excited since macaroni and cheese is my favorite food. However, I noticed several pieces of hair around the pasta. For safety purposes, I threw away my food.
Larry went downstairs to drink a glass of milk. His maid Linda told him he couldn't drink before bed. Larry replied that Linda had to do what he said. Linda stormed off. Linda stole Larry's watch in retaliation.
Three year old Laura didn't want to go to bed. She asked her mother to read a bedtime story. This always helps her to fall asleep. Laura fell asleep before her mother got to finish the story. Laura slept all night.
The carpenter built a house but measured in both inches in meters. Many parts of the house did not line up properly due to many errors. He was not sure if he was off by inches or meters. He decided to make his own unit system and finish with that. The house ended up being so poorly made that it collapsed soon after.
I really wanted some new highlights. To save money, I tried to do them myself. They ended up looking great. I was quite surprised. I wanted to do them again.
Max and Emma were in the same class in kindergarten. Max pulled on Emma's hair one day. Their teacher heard Emma crying. She looked to see Max pulling Emma's hair. Max was punished and put in time out.
Chuck was going out of state on a business trip. He thought his company had booked a hotel room. The company wasn't able to book Chuck a room. Chuck paid for his own room on the trip. The company later reimbursed him.
Jon worked a job that he hated. He would always come home and feel exhausted. One day Jon decided to quit his job. He stayed home and felt happy instead of tired! Jon soon found a job that he enjoyed doing.
Rita wanted to play sports. However, Rita was not very fast or strong. Rita researched sports on the Internet for something that suited her. Rita spend some time reading about the rules of golf. Rita started playing and became very good at golf.
Seth was into photography. However, he only had a small camera. He decided to save up to buy a nice camera. He was excited when he had enough money to buy one. Seth finally had enough money and was able to buy a real camera.
Fred has always wanted to visit a waterpark. He decides to go to one. Fred spends the whole day on the rides. He has a great day. He is happy he finally visited a water park.
Dana was home-schooled. One morning, her mom asked her to guess something. She wanted to know whether a black or white paper would get hotter. Dana guessed that the white paper would be hotter. They went outside to test it and learned that it was the black paper.
Angie's teacher assigned an essay to the class. Angie got busy that week and completely forgot about the essay. On the due date, she was upset that she had forgotten. Her teacher gave her extra time to finish the essay. Angie worked very hard and turned it in the next day.
Zach's couch had busted a hole in the wall. Zach decided to try to fix it by himself. He did his best and thought it looked alright. Then his landlords saw it. Unfortunately they had no good words for the bad repair.
Bob wanted to get into shape. He started to run everyday in the morning. One day, he twisted his ankle while running in the park. Bob couldn't run for the next 3 weeks. Bob gained a significant amount of weight in those 3 weeks.
Jack and his girlfriend went to an amusement park. They had wanted to ride a new coaster and finally got the chance. While they were in line some teenagers cut in line. The teenagers went on the ride ahead of Jack. At the top of a big drop, the ride broke down stranding the teens.
Tim was moving into a new home. He wanted furniture for his office. Tim found the style he was looking for. He decided to build his own furniture in the style he desired. Tim saved himself a lot of money and loved his furniture.
Benny and Boyle were headed to the ice cream shop. On the way there Benny fell and busted up his knee. Boyle helped him limp the rest of the way to the shop. After he was cleaned up Boyle bought him ice cream. Boyle was such a good friend!
Priya was the best speller in her class. Her teacher decided to enter her in a spelling bee. Priya won the first spelling bee. She then advanced to the state level. She won it as well and went to nationals.
Nic had a bad dream one night. His bedside clock said it was almost 3 in the morning. He crept into his big brother Ben's room. Ben sleepily let his little brother into his bed. Nic then slept soundly through the rest of the night.
Nate went to the movies! He bought a big bucket of popcorn! He bought a large drink! He ate until he was full. But he ate so much he ended up missing the movie!
Tom wanted to buy some things on black friday. He was afraid of the big crowds. He had read several horror stories about what happens. Tom went anyway and got what he wanted. He was surprised it went as well as it did.
Bob hit Matthew on the head very hard. Everyone in the bar froze when it happened. Only the barmaid thought of calling the cops. When they arrived, Bob was still standing over Matt. They cuffed him to bring him to their car.
Jane had a favorite pair of earrings. One night she was out with friends. The next morning she couldn't find one of the earrings anywhere. She tried calling all the places she went to. None of them saw it and Jane never found it.
Ken gave his kids candy. They were excited over it. Ken thought it was because of the sugar. He took the candy away. Ken's kids were equally energetic in their anger.
In his room, Isaiah began to feel bored. He searched on his father's map to find a new place to explore. Isaiah set out to walk with a backpack full of supplies. After 2 hours of walking he came to a valley! Isaiah then decided this would be his new hideout.
Leo was playing duck, duck, goose with his class. The boy who was it just kept going around and around. He kept saying duck. Finally someone reminded him what goose meant. He finally picked someone so the game could move on.
Jim was at home. He was watching YouTube but then the video stopped. He checked his internet connection. The internet was not working. He called the internet company.
Alicia dug through all the clothes on the sale rack. She found the name brand sweater she wanted. There was one left and she left it near the register. The clerk left and the new clerk didn't know about the sweater. A shopper saw the sweater near the register and bought it.
Fred wanted a gun so he could protect himself. He decided to look into 3D printing. During one day of his research, he was approached by two officers. The officers were suspicious of the research Fred had been doing. Fred had his computer taken away.
Bryan loved to play in the woods. He always dreamed of building a treehouse. One day his dad said they could build one. Bryan and his dad worked very hard on the tree house. He played in it every day after school.
Jim's parents were going out of town for the weekend. He decided to throw a "small" party and invited several friends. On the night of the party, many more people showed up than expected. Jim couldn't control the crowds and the house got trashed. Jim's parents grounded him for six months.
Whitney was in charge of developing a new dance for her squad. She did not know the strengths and weaknesses of the other dancers. She planned on doing a basic routine. Later she found out the dancers were very skilled. She stayed up all night developing a great dance routine.
One day Bill stole a toy from the store. Later Bill felt really bad because stealing is wrong. Next Sunday Bill confessed to stealing the toy. The priest told Bill to say one hundred Hail Mary's as penance. Bill said his prayers and vowed to never steal again.
While on vacation we heard a tornado hit our home town. We packed up and hurried home. We found the houses on either side of ours were badly damaged. Our house was totally spared and untouched by the storm. We felt grateful and began helping our neighbors.
I woke up yesterday and I wanted to buy a present. I decided to buy a perfume. I went to Macy's to pick one out. I picked a vanilla perfume in a pink bottle. I gave it to my mom for Christmas, and she was happy.
Sharon wanted to clean her yard up. First she had to clean up all of the trash. Next, she pulled all of the weeds. The last thing she did was trim the hedges. When the yard was clean, she relaxed in a chair.
A woman ordered a pound of roast beef at the deli. At home, she discovered that she had been given pastrami. She was overwhelmed by this minor inconvenience. When she complained, the deli gave her a coupon for free pastrami. From then on, she did her shopping at a different deli.
Dwight was a pediatric intern at the hospital. He was treating a patient with a serious infection. Dwight prescribed an intravenous antibiotic. The dosage he prescribed was much too large. The antibiotic overdose caused the patient to lose hearing.
Tom went to the kitchen to search for a snack. His sister ran on the couch. She took the remote and changed the channel. When Tom came back to the room, he was irritated. He aggressively took the remote from his sister.
My mother announced she was pregnant. After a few months, she discovered she was having a girl. She was unsure of a name and so I bought her a baby name book. My mother searched through the book for a short time. She decided on the name, Shannon, for my sister's name.
A man wearing of squirrels nesting in his birdhouse. So he suspended the birdhouse from a rope. He added a barrier akin to those used to keep rats off ships. A few days later, he found the birdhouse on the ground. Squirrels had gnawed through the rope.
Suzy felt her throat in pain. She needed to make some tea. She could barely talk. She got some lozenges. Thankfully they helped and a few days she was better.
My aunt Lois went to the store yesterday. She bought oranges, apples, and grapes. She got in line to check out. She realized she had no money. Lois had to return the fruit and shop again another day.
Tim struggled in his algebra class. And he didn't find the textbook very helpful. Tim found a math website online. And there, he was able to practice algebra. Tim only used the website for the rest of the class and passed.
Tim was sick for school picture day. The photo taken of him was horrible. He asked the yearbook staff if there was anything he could do. They told him there were no options. Tim had to deal with the horrible picture all his life.
Shannon's brother Jason liked to go without shoes. Shannon would always tell him to be careful. Jason didn't listen. He stepped on a board with a nail puncturing his foot. He howled in pain begging Shannon to help him.
Maryann spent way too many hours watching animal videos. She loved anything cute. She was ecstatic when Netflix got a new season of Odd Animal Friends. So ecstatic she forgot to take care of her own animal friend. She smelled a nasty odor from the other room and came back to reality.
Jo was playing poker with his friends. Then he encountered a problematic situation. He had to go all in or quit! Jo went all in, with misgivings. Unfortunately - he lost!
Crystal had been baking all day. She made an amazing cherry pie. When it came out of the oven, she let it cool. Then she put ice cream on top. She ate half the pie by herself.
Sam was always stressed at work. It would often bleed out into his personal life. He noticed it started straining his relationships. Sam decided to quit and get a different job. It didn't pay as much but he was more comfortable.
Samantha lived by herself in a studio apartment. She got a bill in the mail saying her rent would be increased. Her rent would be increased from $800 a month to $1600. Samantha couldn't afford the rent increase. Samantha had to move to a cheaper apartment.
Everyone got together. They were celebrating Chris's 13th birthday. However, some of his relatives were arguing about money. One ended up being punched. Chris's father had to kick them out of the house.
Tony would often try to make music on his computer. He had many different programs and plugins to use. The shear amount of information available online was overwhelming. After investing in an course, Tony felt like he had a direction. Only 8 months later, Tony had released a song on an independant label.
Lois took the secretary out to dinner. She hadn't ever known the reporter to be so generous, before. Lois told her to get anything she wanted. The secretary didn't remember leaking any information. She was as surprised as everyone to read about it the next day.
Tom plans out his grocery buying every week. He makes sure to make a full list. Last time Tom noticed he got a lot of wrong things. He went over the list again. He realized he had used an older list by accident.
Jane used to be a fan of the New York Mets. She was really hoping they would win this year. When they lost the World Series, she was pretty upset. Now she's declared herself a Yankees fan. She must have felt pretty frustrated.
Miles used to be in terrific physical shape. Last year Miles got married and decided to stop going to the gym. Every month Miles didn't go to the gym he became a little fatter. He also started to eat more than he used to. Now Miles is in the worst shape of his life.
I lost my cellphone the other day. I looked all over the place for it. Eventually I checked my pants in the washing machine. I found my cell phone there, but it was all wet. Now I'll have to buy a new cellphone.
Polly had just gotten out of the pool. There were beads of water on her legs. All of a sudden a butterfly landed on her. She stayed very still while it drank from a droplet. She hoped it would come back for more later.
Penny wanted to grow up and be just like her mom. Her mother was a fashion designer. Penny would spend hours designing clothing for her dolls. She would even put on model showcases displaying her dolls clothing. Penny would go on to become an international fashion designer.
Tom was having strange dreams. He told his psychologist about it. The psychologist tried a few therapeutic techniques. Tom was able to better interpret his dreams. They slowly went away.
My friends and I were planning a party. We could not figure out what the theme should be. We wanted to do something unique. I saw a friend walk in with a funny hat on. So we decided to make it a funny hat party.
Rebecca wanted to be a bookstore owner. She took business classes at her local college. She got a job working for a bookstore. She learned how to operate a bookstore. Rebecca now runs her own bookstore.
George went fishing with his dad. They stayed out all day. George finally had a bite. He struggled to pull it in. The fish got loose and they were disappointed.
Barry came home from work. His mom noticed the new tattoo on her arm. Before saying anything, she took out her belt. She began to hit Barry on the head. He immediately ran away to avoid being hit.
Brayden cautioned his students not to smoke pot. After class, he noticed some kids outside behind the building. He ran outside and suspected them of smoking pot. He tore the object from one student's hand. It was just bubbles that they were blowing.
Warren went fishing. He caught a large bass. He threw the bass onto the floor of the boat. He saw the bass gasping for breathe. Warren felt pity and threw it back.
The gambler looked at his hand and was quite pleased. He bet high and stared down his opponents. It was down to him and his opponent, Jim. Jim did not feel threatened by the gambler and stayed in. Once they flipped over their cards, the gambler was declared the loser.
I had to stay up really late last night. I had a big test to study for the next day. I did really well on the test but now I'm really tired. I still have a whole lot to do today too. I can't wait until I can go to sleep tonight.
Denise was at a friend's wedding. Her daughter had come along with her. Denise's daughter wasn't feeling well. Her daughter began to feel worse after she ate at the reception. Denise took her daughter home before she could get sick at the party.
April went to the grocery store yesterday. While looking for things to buy,he saw a young boy at a corner. She found out that the boy was stealing goods. She decided to ask him why he's stealing. She founds out that he's living by himself and feeds his own.
Kristin is making a very special supper for her picky husband Joe. Kristin spends hours making a homemade lasagna. When supper is ready, Joe sets the table. They both take a bite at the same time. Joe spits his out because he does not like it!
Benji was excited to go bungee jumping. He'd forced himself to confront his fear of heights. Finally the day arrived, and he stood on top of the bridge. He strapped the cord on and jumped! Benji splattered on the rocks below when it snapped.
Nancy wanted to become a Nun. Nancy conducted extensive research on several aspects of being a Nun. In addition, Nancy visited a local church to speak with Nuns. After the visit, Nancy spoke with her mother about becoming a Nun. After some time, Nancy decided not to become a Nun.
James got sick last week. He called sick into work. His vision got really blurry. James fell down the stairs. James missed 10 months of work.
Jason decided he wanted to get close to his father in law. He asked his father in law if he wanted to hangout. His father in law begrudgingly agreed. They went to the park to fly his father in laws drone plane. As Jason broke the drone, and lost the chance to get close.
Tim never smoked before. His friends pressured him into it. He wound up liking it. Eventually his parents found out. He was punished but it was too late.
The dismal weather made the late afternoon seem like evening. The children didn't mind one bit. They raced up the hill to sled back down, over and over again. When it became too dark to continue, they retreated into the house. There, they warmed up with hot chocolate topped by marshmallows.
January was my least favorite month. I had no idea how I would pay Christmas bills. I couldn't wait until the month was over. I decided to work hard all month. When January 31st came, all of my bills were paid.
Christa's aunt had just had a new baby. Christa was really excited to go visit them. When she arrived, she asked to hold the baby. Her aunt told her that she needed to wash her hands first. Christa quickly washed up and then held the baby.
Laura had massive teeth. When she ate carrots, she looked like a bunny. One day, an earthquake struck the city. Laura was trapped beneath a mountain of cardboard boxes. With no other choice, Laura had to chew her way out.
Tom was a teenage boy. Tom wanted a lot of candy for Halloween. Tom decided to go Trick-or-Treating. Tom went to a rich neighborhood. Tom received a lot of candy.
Vernon was retiring from the police force today. He headed downstairs to the party the department was throwing. When he opened the doors everybody cheered and clapped. They gave him a plaque and a big cake. Vernon looked around and realized he was going to be sad to leave.
Janet was always outspoken. She got a Twitter and kept it up. Eventually Janet upset a lot of people. She almost lost her job. She decided to delete her account.
Tom borrowed a movie from his friend. He accidentally left it on the floor. Tom stepped on the disk and broke it. His friend wasn't upset but asked him to replace it. Tom did so quickly.
Iva was pregnant and had a craving for sweets. She drove to the local ice cream shop. She decided on a caramel sundae, which she quickly ordered. It looked so delicious when it was served up for her. Iva ate the sundae right there at the counter!
Angelique decided to throw a baby shower for expected baby girl. She bought invitations and invited all of her friends. She got decorations, and ordered a cake for the event. She bought a new dress to wear to the shower. On the day of the shower, her friends and family gave her many gifts.
Vera wept as she held the shredded flesh of her dog in her arms. A semi had raced up her quiet street and ran over him. He hadn't even stopped, when he'd seen what he'd done. Vera put together a funeral fit for a person for her dog. She buried him under the peaceful branches of the silver birches.
I was visiting a festival with some friends when we heard gunshots. I ran up and grabbed my friend and pulled her down behind a car. She claimed it was her boyfriend but he was already on the ground. She bragged on him but her co-workers doubted her. She admitted the truth but her embarrassment cost us our friendship.
Pearl was meeting friends that night in a bar. But before she got there, she was attacked in the street. She had to go to the police station to report her missing purse. And when she finally arrived at the bar, her friends were worried. Her ordeal provided a conversation that lasted long into the night.
Stacy wanted to build a snowman. She got everything together. As she put it together, she took a picture. Stacy loved how it looked. At the end it lasted for days.
Nita was working at a topless bar when her boss made her an offer. If she herself would remove her top, her salary would double! Nita thought it over. Finally she agreed, and her paychecks grew in size - DOUBLED! Nita was proud of her savvy choice!
Sally went to Italy in the spring. She visited Florence, Rome, and Milan. She saw many old buildings and paintings. Sally took many pictures on her trip. When she got home, Sally showed her pictures to all her friends.
Jasper went to a neighborhood bar where a man was playing banjo. It made Jasper wish that he, too, could play the instrument. Jasper bought a banjo and began teaching himself to play. Soon he was a terrific banjo player. Jasper is so happy he learned to play banjo.
Jennifer liked to go to the movies with Ann. Most movie nights they watched dramas. One night they decided to see a scary movie instead. Neither one of them slept very well that night. They both decided that they did not like scary movies.
Allie wanted to be in a sorority. She wanted it for a long time. But it was hard to get in. During rush week she got denied. It was a major blow to her.
Luke was an old fashioned rancher. He took care of his cattle like his father taught him to. But his father did not prepare him for tonight's storm. The storm was huge, bearing a tornado, and headed for his cattle. Luke heroically rode into the storm and herded his cattle to safety.
Gary had a very big stick. He would play with it every day. One day, he wanted to play with his stick. He searched for hours and couldn't find it. Finally, he found it outside of his house.
Allen was out one night doing some Christmas shopping. He thought he saw his friend off in the distance. He decided to sneak up and scare him. He crept up and grabbed his friend from behind. Allen felt terrible when he realized he'd grabbed a stranger.
When I was a kid my parents bought me a skateboard. I had always wanted to learn how to skateboard. I practiced riding it all the time. No matter how hard I practiced I couldn't get the hang of it. I'm really sad I could never get the hang of skateboarding.
Tim was a student in high school. Tim wanted to be rich and successful. He decided to become a dentist. He worked hard in school. Tim eventually became a successful dentist.
Gina picked up her new class schedule. She was hoping to get into band class. Instead her schedule showed gym class. She was disappointed not to get into band. She was more disappointed to have another gym class.
My family took a vacation to Arizona. The weather was great and we love sitting by the pool. After vacation we were very sad. We decided we should move Arizona. We have sold our house and are moving to Arizona.
Tom's wife was furious with him! She pointed at the lipstick on his shirt collar and accused him. Tom denied the affair, saying it was from an overly affectionate peer. He beat her down emotionally until she accepted he was being honest. Tom called his mistress and told her it had been a close call.
Sally fell in love with a man she met on an Internet dating site. When they met in person, she was surprised at how much younger he was. The man sheepishly admitted he'd lied about his age. He told Sally he was afraid she wouldn't have given him a chance. She decided she could forgive him, and they stayed in love.
Tom was running late for work. He missed the train. Tom called in to let them know. They told him not to bother going in at all. Tom stayed at the train station for hours.
Dave was always getting sick. He went to the doctor and he was diagnosed with allergies. Dave learned how to control his allergies with medicine. Dave is not as sick anymore. Dave is grateful for the doctor he went to.
Chris and Sally went out on a date. They went to a diner. Then they went to a dance hall. They danced all night. They grew closer and had fun together.
Ralph lives in a home with a pool outback. Ralph's parents told him he's going to be learning how to swim later. Ralph's parents finally brought him to the pool and began the lesson. Ralph went in the water and had trouble staying afloat. Ralph's mom told Ralph to kick his feet and he learned in no time.
Jared was working at a souvenir shop on the beach. A hurricane warning was posted for Jared's area. Jared's boss made him cover the windows with boards. They were told not to open until it was safe. Jared's store reopened when the weather got better.
Jake had recently gotten a brand new kitten. His kitten fell ill and wouldn't eat or drink. Jake took his kitten to the veterinarian. The veterinarian prescribed medication for his kitten. Jake's kitten got better in a few days.
Anna had a big event coming up. She decided to consult her horoscope. She wanted to see if it would go well. Her horoscope told her she'd have great success on that day. Anna was relieved and encouraged.
Sam has always wanted a backpack for school. At first he can't find one he likes. Finally he finds a good one. Sam puts all his books into his new backpack. He is happy to have a great backpack for school.
Kim was pregnant and about to deliver her baby. She got her family together into a birthing suite. All the sudden Kim felt more contractions. The nurses came and helped her deliver. The pain was worth it because of the treasure at the end.
Mary is pregnant. She is anxiously awaiting giving birth. Mary wakes up in the middle of the night with contractions. Mary is rushed to the hospital. She gives birth to a healthy baby girl.
Renee always wanted to be a mom. One day she met this amazing guy. They fell in love and got married. She found out she was pregnant and was so excited. Surprise, she had twins, a beautiful boy and a girl.
Lucy's grandpa had been napping. She was happy when he finally woke up. She asked for a ride to a friends house. He was too hungry to drive her. She sat and watched as he ate his lunch.
I wanted to impress a girl in my dorm named May so badly. I traced a sketch of a woman in an art book. I gave it to May, claiming I had drawn it while looking at her. At first she seemed genuinely touched. Then she said she remembered from her art class!
The field for the final four has been established. Villanova and Oklahoma punched their tickets on Saturday night. Sunday, North Carolina beat Notre Dame to advance. In a stunner, 10th seeded Syracuse upset number 1 seeded Virginia. Villanova, Oklahoma, Syracuse, and 'Carolina are this year's final 4.
A young lady was shot and killed Saturday evening. 19 year old Shelly Smith was struck by gunfire in front of her home. Police and rescue were called to the scene. Shelly was deceased. She was caught in the crossfire of bullets fired by gang members.
Sarah loved working on her gymnastics skills. Her favorite event was the uneven bars. She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars. She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant. On the day of the competition, Sarah completed the giant and landed.
My father wanted to buy some fish at the pet store. We drove to the store and talked about what fish to get. At the store we saw fat goldfish and small turtles. We decided to buy three goldfish and some fish food. When we returned home we dumped the goldfish into their new bowl.
Paul really wanted a new video game, but didn't have money to buy it. He stole money from his dad's wallet to buy it. When his dad found out he was very angry. He took both the game and Paul's video game system away. Paul now really regrets his actions.
Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.
Heather was getting ready to go to the beach. So she had to check the weather for the day to see how nice it was. The weather was going to be sunny and above ninety degrees. Heather has asthma and it's hard to breathe when it's that hot. Therefore Heather decided that it would be best to stay home.
Anna wanted to invite her crush Peter to the Sadie Hawkins dance. But Peter was very cute and popular. Anna feared her was far out of her league. She summoned her courage and asked him, expecting a rejection. But to her joy, Peter happily agreed to be her date!
Joss wanted to become a cinematographer. He bought a very good camera to learn his craft. He then made a movie with his friends to showcase his talent. When he presented the result to a committee, he was refused. He decided to work even harder to become better at his craft.
Our 2 year old granddaughter lives in Queens It snowed heavily there over the weekend. Our daughter put winter clothes onto the child. She took the child out to enjoy the snow. Our granddaughter cried as soon as she saw the cold, and went back in.
I was sitting at home studying today. My cousin sent me a text message with a picture of his business card. He ask me if the business cards looked ok. I noticed the business card had his home address. I told him he should never put his home address on his business card.
Penelope was scared. She thought she heard someone sneaking around her house. She crept into the living room and turned on the light. All her friends jumped out and yelled at her. They had thrown her a surprise party!
A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army. Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier's. Sometimes they would die, but most of the time he could heal them. The recovered patients were sent back out to kill and die. This made something in Allen die and he was never the same again.
Today I walked to the grocery store. On my way I saw a stray cat. He came over to me and purred. I stopped to pet him. He left and I continued walking.
Francis had always felt comfortable eating parmesan cheese. He does not like to try new things. One day, his friend Luna asks him to try eating Gouda cheese. Francis tries it and love it how it tastes! He decides he should have tried new things sooner.
A man went into his yard with a chainsaw in hand. He found a might oak and began to cut. The saw struggled to make it through the massive trunk. The man pushed hard and the tree fell. He was almost amazed by the roundness of the resulting stump.
Jay knew that he wasn't supposed to play with fire. However, he was in a mischievous mood. He took out some matches and lit some paper on fire. After a few matches, Jay heard a loud alarm go off. He accidentally set off the smoke alarm.
Sam loved Halloween He started working on his costume early. he spent a lot of time perfecting it. Halloween night he wore it proudly. Everyone loved it and gave him compliments.
The cop was on a case. He needed help from his partner. His partner was not smart. His partner accidentally got it wrong. The partner ruined the cops case.
Joe bought a new leather jacket. He was excited to wear it out in public. He chose a night to go bar hopping. Unfortunately it started to rain. The water nearly ruined the leather.
Stephen wanted to go outside but it was raining. He decided to watch a movie in his room instead. Suddenly, his power went out. He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down. It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere.
Sally and Ed were racing their bikes down the street. Sally was in the lead then suddenly her bike flipped over. She fell hard but wasn't badly hurt. She and Ed looked around and found a medium sized stone on the street. It wasn't especially big but it was big enough to cause her to fall.
My teacher was discussing the new chapter in Physics. While he was talking, I was navigating through my laptop. As soon as I visited a new webpage, a sound went off. The entire class became quiet and looked at me. I quickly turned off my computer and ended up making it fall.
Kai's favorite pants had a rip in them. His mother wanted him to throw them out, but Kai refused. Instead, he taught himself to sew so he could fix them. Now the pants are repaired and Kai wears them often. It was worth learning a new skill for his very favorite pants.
Bill starts working at WalMart. He is troubled when they force him to work off the clock. When it becomes a regular event he contacts a lawyer. The lawyer learns that WalMart is stealing from many other employees. He successfully sues WalMart and wins millions in a class action suit.
I went to watch a scary movie. I was so scared before the movie even started. I had heard the movie was terrifying. When I saw it, it was actually not that scary. Now I wish I hadn't spent so much money on the ticket.
Elaine was deciding whether to major in pre-med. She attended a talk at a university about it. The talk took place in a medical lab. The speaker reached into a bucket and picked up a human brain. Elaine decided to major in History.
James worked at a restaurant with a buffet. James prepared a chicken dish for the buffet. The dish James prepared was undercooked. The customers complained to the staff about the dish. James was reprimanded by his boss.
Matthew just finished reading Book 2 of the Warrior Cats series. He went to the library to check out Book 3 There was an empty spot on the shelf where the book should have been. The librarian confirmed that it was checked out. Matthew went home empty handed.
Megan went to the mall and saw a beautiful dress in a shopping window. She wanted the dress badly, but could not afford it. Megan decided to get a job and save up for the dress. After lots of hard work, she eventually saved up enough money. Megan finally bought the dress and learned the value of hard work.
Nora's rice was a little bland. She decided to add some hot sauce. She shook it into her bowl, then tasted. But now the rice was way too spicy! Nora was unable to eat the extra-hot rice.
Lori failed her math exam. She needed to find a tutor quickly. She placed an ad on tutoring website. Someone answered the advertisement promising to help. Lori tutor helped her to pass her final math exam.
Kim really wanted to be a cheerleader to impress Ryan, a ball player. But she didn't make the team! She was crushed, but joined the art club instead. There she met shy poet Ronnie and fell in love. Kim and Robbie soon became a happy couple!
Tom moved out to the coast. He experienced his first earthquake. It was a minor one. Tom freaked out. His friends made fun of him.
It was Amy's last day in Los Angeles. Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner. In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument. Amy secretly snapped photos of the couple. Amy loved the whole vibe of Los Angeles.
Tina was at the beach eating a chicken sandwich. As soon as she bit into it, it was delicious. However to her dismay, a seagull came by. The seagull came and stole the sandwich. Tina was horrified that the seagull attacked her like that.
Betty asked her kids to buy lettuce at the store. She wanted the lettuce for tacos. The children returned home with cabbage. They had mistaken cabbage for lettuce. They ate their tacos without lettuce.
Tom needed to take the bus to his job He was running late. the bus ended up coming early. he got on the bus He arrived on time
Our cat loves pate pet food. My wife resisted buying it. She did not like the smell of it. Last week she decided to buy more pate. The cat has been happy ever since.
Judy and Edgar were on a road trip. They were traveling in their RV. Suddenly, the RV broke down. They stood on the side of the road, unsure what to do. Luckily, some people stopped and helped them fix the rv.
Joe wanted to watch television. But he was having some trouble with his reception! Then he had an idea. He affixed some tin foil to his TV antenna. The foil helped his channels come in sharp and clear!
I dreamed there was a constant beeping. I looked for it everywhere in my dream. I couldn't find the source. I finally woke up. I realized it was coming from the microwave.
Last week I was taking a shower. When I got out I started to dry myself. I quickly noticed the towel was dirty. Somehow it made its way to the clean laundry. I had to dry out without a towel.
Tom and Kim were playing hide and seek. But Tom was getting tired of seeking. So he decided to go inside and watch TV. Kim got tired of hiding and saw Tom watching TV inside. Kim was angry that he gave up.
Sam always wanted to help the world. He joined his local church at an early age. He was excited to go to a third world country to be a missionary. He was sent to Uganda for his first mission. He disappeared months ago and nobody knows where he is.
I asked my wife what she wanted for Valentines. She said she wanted a monthly subscription to birchbox. They send a monthly box with various samples. She said she likes the new products to try. I thought it was a good idea and ordered it.
John and his girlfriend were struggling with money and very hungry. They saved up a small amount of cash and walked to a local restaurant. The couple sat at a table and placed an order. After getting the food, the pair are very hungrily. When they finished, a manager told them the food was free of charge.
Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour. When she got to the front door something smelled really good. She saw her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter. He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal. Jenn enjoyed her lunch and went back to work.
Amy's mom had a Polaroid camera. Her mom took pictures at her aunt's graduation. Amy asked if she could take pictures. Her mother told her she was too young. She felt left out and began to cry.
Jervis is feeling hungry one day. He decides to eat a gyro. The gyro is delicious and filling. He feels much better. Jervis is glad he doesn't feel hungry any longer.
Kia's new car was stolen one night. The thief hadn't known that the car had a GPS tracker! Kia contacted the police and the dealership. They traced the car's location and arrested the thief. Then Kia, relieved, got her car back!
Josh and Kim were hikers. They loved to take long walks and explore. Once they found a small puppy who had become lost. Kim picked up the puppy and carried it with her down the trail. Josh found the puppy's owner who became very happy.
Tom had a friend over. They were drunk hanging out. Tom showed him his gun. He said it wasn't loaded but it accidentally went off. Luckily nobody was injured.
Fred loved bird watching. He ran up the mountains and got to it. He saw a red canary. He was amazed at his findings. He couldn't wait to show his friends.
Em needed art supplies for her class. The school couldn't afford the supplies. Em sent him a letter asking for donations. The parents responded kindly and generously. Em got all the supplies she needed!
Jake needed to sell his old car in order to buy a new one. He detailed the car so it would look good to a buyer. He placed an ad and waited for a buyer to call. Jake told the buyer about all the car's good points. When he finished, Jake had convinced himself to keep the car.
Ruil moved to the US from mexico. He wasn't too good with English at first. He has been here for about 20 years now. He has improved well. He has acquired a good knowledge of English.
Laura was at school one morning. The previous night, there had been some drama online. Suddenly, a girl came up to her and pushed her. The girl started attacking Laura. Luckily, someone helped the girl off.
Tim was afraid of his attic. It was old, moldy and dusty. Tim's dad had a plan. They both cleaned the entire attic one day. After that the attic looked beautiful to Tim.
Barney didn't like the cat. He thought the cat was trying to get into his toys. Barney often beat up the cat. The cat was a source of stress for Barney. Barney thought it was better before the cat was here.
Max had a meeting with his high school counselor. The counselor told him he had to take algebra in the summer. She told Max that if he didn't take it, he would not get into college. Max got accepted into college without taking summer classes. The high school counselor was incompetent.
I bought coffee on my way to work this morning. As I was drinking it, a car stopped. I had to slam on my brakes. Coffee went all over my shirt. I had to turn around and change before work.
Ben has never visited the East Coast. His company flew him to Boston for Business. Ben spent his free time wandering the city of Boston. He instantly fell in love with everything about Boston. Ben has requested a transfer to work in Boston.
Ursula took out several ingredients to prepare eggs. She cracked two eggs open and placed them in a pan. They started to sizzle. Ursula left the eggs for several minutes. However, she wasn't aware when they burned to a crisp.
A hunter walked through the woods and came across a wire. He picked it up and observed it. It appeared to be a string from a bow and arrow. He pulled on it to test for strength. The string snapped a little so he threw it back on the ground.
I had a friend named Miley. She was pretty but a little annoying. She talked all the time until her sister told her to stop. One day she got fed up of being told to be quiet so she moved out. She got a career as a talk show host to capitalize on what she loved.
David played professional football. He was payed a lot of money to play a game. He got a little lazy and his team fired him. David worked very hard to break back in. Eventually he was given a job as a coach and he was happy.
Janet invited me to her studio. She told me that she can sing well. After I started the beat, she began to sing. I became surprised since most of the sound came from auto-tune. I immediately took off the sound and her voice sounded bad.
Danny wanted to have lots of friends. He often went to the park to try and find new friends. One day, he met someone called Toby. Toby was really kind to him and introduced Danny to more people. A few months on, Danny had a whole bunch of new friends.
Jill finds a fingernail in her can of tuna. When she contacts the tuna company they don't care. When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen. She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars. But all she wanted was an apology.
Javier has always wanted to try instant ramen. He decides that today is his day to try it. He goes to the store to buy a few packets. On his way home Javier is in a car accident. Javier never got to cook his instant ramen.
I turned on the TV and changed the channel. The Powerball numbers were about to be discussed. I held my ticket in front of my legs. The announcer showed five numbers on the screen. My card had four of the same numbers, not five.
Cassie loved coffee. SHe got a great new coffee maker for her birthday. She made a cup each morning. She added lots of sugar and creamer. Cassie couldn't go a day without coffee!
Sandy recently enrolled into college for her Master's degree. The next day Sandy received her class schedule. Sandy was advised to check her professors out on a website. Sandy checked out her math professor on the website. It was then Sandy realized that he was a very strict professor.
Tina was getting very tired. She fell asleep in the car. It was at the wheel. All the sudden the car flipped over. Tina felt like she learnt a lesson.
Kesha went on a blind date. The man she met up with started a fight with a man in the restaurant. Kesha ran into the women's restroom. She opened a large window. Kesha left through the alleyway so she wouldn't have to see her date.
Jim just graduated from the police academy! He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop. He quickly found out that being a cop isn't what he expected. He just sits in a car and looks for people to give tickets to. Jim quickly became bored and turned in his badge.
America was still reeling from Japan's surprise attack. Aircraft carriers were her only major offensive weapon. They sent them all to drive the Japanese off of Midway Island. There was a week long air and sea battle. Finally the Americans won the island.
Savannah was shopping at the mall on a hot day. She realized she had left her purse in the car and went to get it. Inside the bag, she saw that her makeup had melted in the heat. Everything was gooey and stuck together. All of her things were ruined and had to be replaced.
Bill needed to find some friends to relax with. Everyone that he knew always worked. Bill begged and pleaded people to hang out with him. He decided to get friends on the internet. Bill finally found lots of people he could hang out with.
Mike always admired his older brother. His older brother was a talented rapper. In his free time Mike began to practice rapping to himself. As he grew, he began to record his own music at home. Mike now sells his music online across the globe.
Ike needed a bed for his college apartment. He saw one on the curb one day, and took it home happily. But the first night he slept on it, he itched and bled all over. Ike realized that the bed had been infested with bed bugs! It took him months to rid them from his apartment.
My friend picks me up as we head out to the pier. We decided on heading over to Coney Island for the day. As we board the ferry we look around all giddy. The take-off is smooth, and we're there within an hour. As we step off the ferry and look around we take off east for hot dogs.
Joe was bored. He found sticks outside. He beat the sticks like drums. Many people stopped to hear the music. Joe ended up playing for thirty happy people.
I opened a Donut shop in my town. On the day of the grand opening, no one came. I waited for 8 hours. I didn't have any customers. Then I realized I probably should have told someone about it.
In 1975 my girlfriend asked me if I wanted to do something. I wanted to see the movie Story of O. I did not think she would see it so I said I was busy. I went to see the movie. I bumped into her at the theater and we laughed.
Brielle wanted a peanut butter sandwich. She went into the kitchen and made her sandwich. She sat down and began to eat. About halfway through she noticed mold on her bread. Brielle was so disgusted she nearly vomited.
Dan followed the rainbow over the hills and roads. No matter how close he got he couldn't find the end. It was always just right ahead of him. Dan finally got a splendid idea. He got out his mobile and took a picture of the rainbow.
Kent wanted to buy a gift for his wife. He saw a beautiful pair of diamond earrings. He wrapped them up and gave them to her. She was in love! She thanked him for the beautiful gift.
Frederick Thompson, a white kid, knew blacks used to be in slavery. But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks. He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America. He was so awestruck by what he read, he wanted to help. Frederick started the History of Slavery in America Club on his campus.
Susan was very excited to take a dolphin cruise while in Florida. She bought the tickets in advance. She boarded the boat with a life jacket. On the water, she felt extremely sea sick. She came back to land feeling disappointed at not seeing an dolphins.
Daniel loves filling the bird feeders at his home. He enjoys seeing the wide variety of birds that they attract. The birds glare at him through the window if they are not fed. When he fills the feeders, the birds alert their friends by chirping. After fresh food is supplied, Daniel loves seeing them so happy.
Jade was a tv star. She signed up to do a sitcom. It filmed for months in Hollywood. When the show premiered, the reviews were terrible. Jade was embarrassed to be involved with the show.
Tina was in the car with her little siblings. They were whining excessively. Tina wanted to crawl into a hole. The yelling was too much for her. It was then that she realized she never wanted to be a mother.
Everyone heard Jed's backpack ticking. The sound was a scary steady drone. Jed tried to edge away from the crowd. A security guard tackled him before he could get away. A small alarm clock bounced onto the floor out of his backpack.
Mary liked doing American colonial-era arts and crafts. Her new interest was in whittling. She bought some small knives and a chisel. She found some wood behind her house. She cut herself accidentally with one of the knives and gave up.
Stephen wanted to vote for the next president. The lines at the voting booth were very busy. Stephen sat in line waiting for a few hours! When it was finally his turn to vote, he was very excited. He finally submitted his vote and then went home.
I am very afraid of lizards. One day I opened my front door and a baby lizard snuck in. I tried to get it out of my house but could not trap it. I moved all my furniture and boxes. The lizard finally died in the house.
Genie is from Canada, and his proud of her heritage. She did everything she could to represent her country. Still, some people thought she was a poor representative. Genie didn't get it, so she kept doing what she felt was patriotic. She was deported.
I had my wisdom teeth removed when I was twenty-eight. I was very nervous to have a surgery for the first time. Upon coming out of the surgery, I felt great. The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit. I asked the nurses if I could keep the teeth they had removed.
Roxy no longer liked how her body looked. So she decided to do something about it. She went on a diet that only included healthy food. She ended up losing 10 pounds in 2months. Roxy is now happy with the way her body looks.
I decided I wanted to try something new. I bought some colored contacts. I was curious how they would look. They looked great. I ended up buying more.
I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class. I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors. She got it from the basket and walked to me. Since she didn't look at the scissors, she ended up stabbing me. I ended up with a bruise.
At the end of the season, dogs were invited to the pool. They would jump in the water and swim. They would chase tennis balls, too. It was the dog's' favorite day! The owners had fun watching, too.
Harriet was a big fan of Abba. She listened to their songs every day. When her birthday came up, her friends knew what music to choose. They made a big Abba compilation so they could dance all night. Harriet had the best birthday of her life that year.
Max is a dog who likes to chew on everything. One day, he discovered the ornaments on the new Christmas tree. He thought the shiny red ones looked very delicious. His owners caught him chomping on the fragmented decoration. Max got scolded and his new toy was thrown away.
Jessica was cooking dinner when the power went out. She went to switch on the breaker, fixing everything. Then she noticed her kitchen light popping and sparking. She decided to call the fire department. It was good that she did because a wire was broken.
I was appointed Chairman of the company. To make a good impression, I redecorated my office. I bought brand new furniture and had the walls repainted. Unfortunately, the company could not afford the expenses. The company went out of business and I had to step down.
I was watching sports on TV. The players were on the field. One player threw the ball to another. The other team tackled the player. The team lined up to play again.
The group leader required us to complete at least 10 PowerPoint slides. I did some research on the same day. A few weeks later, I ended up with 25 slides of work. I submitted my assignment to the leader before the due date. She was impressed and thanked me.
When I was flying my kite, it got stuck on the tree. I tried to climb the branches to reach the kite. However, a squirrel walked on top of me. It scratched me on the face. I immediately fell off of the tree since I couldn't see.
I had my first day at work last week. I was so nervous to start. I wanted to make sure I did everything right. I had wanted this job for a long time. It was a rough day.
Kevin was feeling lonely at school. His mom suggested that he join a club. He didn't know what club to join, though. She told him to pick a fun new hobby and just try it out. So, he joined the cooking club.
My cat and I moved to a new apartment. I loved my new apartment, but my cat didn't. He would often hide in a closet or under the bed to show his anger. One day, I called for him but couldn't find him anywhere. I think he ran away, because I never saw him again.
Lindsay loves her hair. She plays with, straightens, and highlights her hair constantly. Her friends always see her different colored hair and love it. Lindsay is damaging her hair with all the product. Linday now uses protective shampoo to save her hair.
Jane wanted a pet. Her mom was allergic to cats, dogs, and birds. Jane got a hamster. Her dad had an allergy attack. She had to return the hamster to the store.
Jimmy didn't want to go to school. The new Halo video game was coming out today. He decided to pretend like he was sick. Jimmy played the video game at home instead. He was really glad he was able to play the game on the release date.
It was picture day at Adam's school. He ate breakfast at the school. Adam spilled food on his shirt. The food was very visible. Aaron called his mom to bring him a new shirt.
The sun was shining brightly and it was very warm. Sue was relaxing on her patio drinking iced tea. Suddenly she saw a bright flash across the sky. Sue barely had time to move off her chair when the thunder rumbled. Startled and out of breath, Sue ran into her house.
One of my friends was really depressed. She kept bringing up sad situations. My friends and I sat down to talk with her. She was sad that she had no money. So we all decided to donate one hundred dollars to her.
Bryan was looking up at the stars one night. He thought to himself he must be doing something wrong. He was looking for love but could never find the right girl. He just wondered if he would ever find her. He assumed he must be wishing on someone else's star.
Kia's dad remarried after her mom's death. Five years had passed, but Kia was still nervous. She wondered if the new stepmom would be kind to her. It turned out that Kia had nothing to worry about. Her stepmom turned out to be a wonderful woman.
Derek was helping his dad clean the basement. They found a bunch of old baseball cards. Derek's dad said Derek could have the cards. Derek went and researched all the players on the cards. He started watching more baseball with his dad.
Shay needed a gift for his dad. He went to the mall. He browsed through four shops. Then he found the perfect present. He bought his dad a brand new tie!
When I fixed my truck door awhile ago I had fun. I told my girlfriend this and she also told a few people. After a while my girlfriend told me her friend offered me a job. Since I had fun fixing my door I was offered to be a junior mechanic. I was very excited for the job and applied and got it!
Ana needed a liver biopsy done. She was nervous about it. The morning of the test, she trembled with fear. But after the procedure, she smiled at herself. The biopsy hadn't actually hurt at all!
John was going to a parade. He felt strange because he was going alone. His friend texted him as he was leaving to the parade. His friend asked him if he was going to the parade. John said yes so they met up and watched the parade together.
Celeste rode her motorcycle across the woods. When she almost arrived at the intersection, a moose appeared. She didn't have enough time to brake and drove towards the moose. They were both knocked out. She eventually got up and called the police.
One time, we decided to travel to another city to see a concert. We took a high schooler with us who loved the band as well. We got there, and we couldn't find the venue. Eventually we did and it ended up being in a bar! To this day, we joke about driving 8 hours to go to a bar.
The neighbors had been complaining about Shannon's dog. It barked around the clock. Shannon got him a bark collar. Now, when he barked, he got zapped. The dog was quiet, but now he was sad.
Jordan was jogging in the park. He tripped over a bump in the path. Jordan fell and made a hole in his pants. Jordan finished his jog. He went to the store for a new pair of pants.
Last week my wife and I went to see the glaciers. We traveled there by cruise ship. The ship got very close to the glaciers. It was amazing to see how blue the ice glaciers were. We want to go back again on our next vacation.
Marcel owned a yacht. One sunny day he took it to the sea. Marcel and his friends had a lot of fun. But the weather turned bad. They had to go back to the beach.
Dawn was dating a new guy. Dawn thought that he had odd habits. Dawn's cousin knew the guy. Her cousin said that he was a drug dealer. Dawn stopped seeing the guy.
The couple both spent a long time deliberating over what to order. The server told them everything on the menu was great. They both ordered chicken parm and felt a sense of relief. The server forgot their order and accidently ordered eggplant parm. When the customers got their dishes, they refused to eat it.
I didn't know what to say. I told him I didn't do anything wrong. He told me I did everything wrong. I closed down emotionally and was very sad. He apologized for hurting me.
Anita was hungry. She decided to make cupcakes. But after she put them in the oven, she got distracted. By the time she checked on them, they were burned! Anita sadly resolved to be more attentive in the future.
Judy rushed through the market. She needed coffee. And she quickly grabbed any package on the shelf. When she made the coffee at home, it tasted old and bitter. She realized the package was 2 months old.
Sarah is a baby girl. She is happy most of the time. She has a brown swing that she loves to swing in. One day mommy took her swing away and she cried. Mommy brought it back after cleaning it and Sarah was happy again.
Frank was married for 60 years. His wife passed away. Frank was very sad. His health started to fail. Frank passed away shortly after his wife.
Suzy grew up not really being good at anything. She tried sports, music, even chess, and each time she came up short. One day during a meeting, a school counselor noticed something. Suzy was doodling on a piece of paper because she was bored. The counselor signed her up for art class, and Suzy became an artist!
We have an old stray cat that hangs around our house. We will sometimes feed it. The other day it was moaning and crying a lot. We went out to see if it was hurt. She was laying outside with a litter of kittens.
Jennifer and Luke wait back stage to accept their diplomas. The speaker called their names for everyone to hear. Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal's hand. They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher. Jennifer and Luke sat down to watch the rest of their class graduate.
Ian was learning how to draw. So he wanted a drawing pen. His ballpoint pen was too thick. So he looked for something more thin. But the pen Ian found was too expensive.
Mika was really looking forward to seeing a movie together. Mika got off work early just to purchased movie tickets. I had to work later than usual and informed Mika. Mika waited outside the theater for me. When I arrived I could not find Mika anywhere.
Jan and her brothers were making a lot of money on spiders. Enough money that they were buying snacks and toys. They were coming home with so much loot, their mom was suspicious. If there is one thing scarier than spiders and brothers, it's moms. Their mom knew the best way to break these hardened criminals.
Kelsi was feeling great until she felt aches and pains. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told her she had the flu. As a result she had to be on bed rest for a week. Finally a week later she was all better.
Charlie brushed his hair with a comb. He put in gel and looked in the mirror. He felt handsome and went to a club. The girls all were looking at him. He got on the dance floor and busted some moves.
Tim's grandfather brought Tim to work at his job as mover. Tim worked hard at packing the items in the assigned house. Tim noticed he accidentally smashed a picture frame. Tim was worried so he told his grandfather. Tim's grandfather said it was fine and he took care of it.
Ellen moved into an apartment with her longterm boyfriend. They couldn't figure out how to split up the rent payments. The lease office required a singular payment each month. Eventually they decided to split up the task. Ellen paid half to her boyfriend, and he paid the full amount onward.
Jeremy was at his aunt's house with his cousins. They decided to bat a balloon back and forth on the floor. Jeremy stretched to hit the balloon back. His jeans ripped when he did so. His cousins laughed and never let him hear the end of it.
Mel was planning her summer vacation. She worked after school at a restaurant. She saved all her money for a place ticket. In the summer she flew to Florida. She had a great time on her beach vacation!
Tim was doing poorly in a class. He asked the teacher for help. The teacher offered some extra credit. Tim agreed and did well on the assignment. His grade improved a good bit.
India wanted to try Ice Skating. India searched online for a ice skating instructor. After visiting with the instructor, India decided to take classes. At her first class, India was a bit nervous, but did well. India was glad she took the chance to learn ice skating.
Abel was the star of his PE class. He was the best athlete and had a good attitude. Until it came to swim. Abel refused to swim in PE. No one knew it was because he couldn't swim.
Mike lived to ride his bicycle. One day Mike came to a puddle of water in the street. Mike decided to ride right through the puddle. There was slick moss growing under the water. Mike fell in the water and got soaking wet.
Jesse wanted his son to watch more educational programs on TV. His son wanted to watch cartoons. Jesse found a program that was an educational cartoon. His son loved watching it. Jesse was happy with the compromise.
Windell wouldn't take no for an answer. He clearly thought she was desperate and wanted him. She avoided him at all costs. He sent multiple text messages. She blocked his calls and I'D permanently.
Tim was a fighter pilot. He was on his last mission. Toward the end he got shot down. Tim had to evacuate the plane and crash land. He was badly injured but survived.
Garrett needed his computer for computer science class. While he was working on a program, the computer died. Garrett called his friend to ask if he could borrow his. Garrett didn't know but his friend had just won a new computer. His friend said no to borrowing but invited him over to his house.
I had a very political Religion teacher that I really disliked. We did not share the same political views, and he treated me unfairly. He co-taught a Philosophy class with an English teacher. I turned in the same essay to both teachers. The Religion teacher gave me a C and the English teacher gave me an A.
Joan bought a folded map to guide her on a car trip. She traced the route in red and put the map in her car. Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove. She glanced at the map and followed the red-lined route. Finding herself circling back home, Joan saw the map was upside down.
Amy wanted to buy a new doll from the store. She saved her money for a long time. When she saved enough, she and her mother went to the store. Amy chose a doll that looked just like her. Amy was very happy with her new doll.
Jack listened to music on his iPhone while laying on his bed. He heard a very sad song. Jack began to cry. Jack love this song. Jack continued to listen to music.
Cindy wanted to drink with her friends. She drink way too much and felt terrible. She passed out and her friends were concerned. They called 911 and an ambulance picked her up. She had gotten alcohol poisoning from too much liquor.
Niam was asleep for a couple of minutes. The baby began crying instantly. Niam got out of his bed to hold the baby. After she finished crying, she urinated into her diaper. Niam ended up with no sleep tonight.
Gina was at her Uncle Franks and bored. She went to her mother to find out when they were leaving. Her uncle suggested they watch TV to pass the time. She was pleased to find he had cable TV. Gina and her siblings watched TV until it was time to leave.
Jamie saw something on her car. It was a note from a secret admirer! She read it and blushed. It was very sweet! Jamie wanted to know who had a crush on her.
In October of 2014 we visited our daughter and her husband in NYC. She told us her in laws had had a fight. Her father in law packed two bags and left the house. He did not say where he was going. A month later, we heard he was coming home by Thanksgiving.
Mark is a lifeguard in the summer time. One day while he was working a kid started struggling in the water. Mark dove into the water and swam to the kid. He brought the kid to the side of the pool where he could calm down. The kid thanked Mark for a job well done saving him.
Emma was adopted as a baby. When Emma turned 18 she decided to search for birth parents. She found them after a year of searching. Emma wasn't very fond of her birth parents or their lifestyle. She became very thankful that she was adopted.
I decided to make cookies. I realized I had no sugar. I asked my neighbor to borrow some sugar. She said yes, if I gave her some cookies. I took the sugar home and made the cookies.
Dan was angry with his brother Rob. At breakfast they each had their own cereal. Dan poured his brothers cereal on the floor. His mother made And clean up the cereal alone. Dan didn't speak to his brother for a week.
Rich is a college student and his major is in broadcast communications One day he hope to become a radio host for his own show. Currently he is the disc jockey for his college's radio station. An executive from a big time station heard Rich on the air. He called Rich up and said that when he graduates to give him a call!
My friend invited me to her house. We watched Monty Python. She asked me if I liked the movie. I told her I was asleep for most of it. I said I enjoyed the part I saw.
The kids liked to draw. They met with a famous cartoonist to take some lessons. The cartoonist taught them some great techniques. The kids went home to practice. They wanted to be good, just like him!
Melvin was at the art museum with his family. He was very bored and ran around looking for something to do. He accidentally ran into a security guard. The guard brought Melvin back to his parents. His parents scolded Melvin.
Kelly wanted to bake something new. Peaches were in season, so a peach pie sounded great! She worked carefully on the crust. When it came out of the oven, it was beautiful! Kelly decided to make other types of pies as well!
Maria wanted to impress everyone at her school dance. Rather than buying a dress, she decided to make a new one. She picked out a soft, purple fabric to use. She sewed day and night until it was done. Everyone complimented her beautiful dress.
Mike played a fantasy card game with his friends every week. Every week, he managed to beat everyone and bragged often. One day, someone new challenged Mike. Mike was sure he could win, so he cockily accepted the challenge. Mike was thoroughly beaten, and he learned to be more humble.
My cousin was diagnosed with cancer last month. He visited several specialists. They gave him many recommendations. He started taking chemotherapy. It made him ill, but he is gradually improving.
A man started a job at a factory. Everyone he met only referred to him as New Guy. The man liked all the attention that it brought him. Even after he worked there for years he was still called New Guy. This confused every new employee that came after him.
James feared that his hiking days were over after gaining weight. He longed to go on a hike, but it seemed impossible. Finally, his brother encouraged him to begin with small walks. James gradually worked up from small steps to a very big hike. He was so happy his brother had encouraged him to keep trying.
Ellen and her mom want to go out for frozen yogurt. They arrive at the store and there are so many choices of yogurt. They are allowed to try some and they choose the best ones. After filling up a cup of yogurt, they then have a choice of toppings. When they go to pay for the yogurt, they have to weigh the cups.
Scott loved math and literature. When it was time to choose a career path, he was indecisive. He could make more money teaching math than writing books. But his love of books was too strong to deny. In the end he chose to write articles about math problems.
Rod was trying to find a parking spot at the mall. All the close parking spots were taken. Rod saw a car leaving a parking spot near the building. Rod waited for the car to leave. He was able to take the car's parking spot.
Robinson had always wanted a crown. The only issue was they were very expensive. Robinson then started saving a lot of money. He worked very hard for a long time. Finally, Robinson was able to purchase a crown.
Jake was doing laundry. He took a load out of the dryer and took it upstairs. Once upstairs he took the load back down to wash. Jake didn't realize it was the same clothes. By the time he noticed the wash already started.
Joe was almost at the top of the rock face when a storm came in. Forced to stay below the summit he braced himself in his tent. Just when he was about to get blown off, a rope fell down. A fellow climber offered him help to climb up. He made it the rest of the way as his tent fell all the way down.
Lisa home schooled six children. When her youngest turned 18 Lisa decided to go to work. She applied for a lot of jobs but no one hired her. Finally she decided to start her own business. Now she is a professional organizer and loves it!
Olivia wanted to carve pumpkins with her family. She went to a pumpkin patch. She picked the biggest ones. She brought them home to carve. Her family didn't want to carve pumpkins with her.
Kevin thought he was really smooth on his date with Stephanie. He bought her flowers and chocolate. He even offered her chewing gum. When she refused a piece, he still took one. And when he blew a bubble it flattened all over his face.
A customer asked for help locating a Vitamin E cream. Her doctor had recommended she apply it after skin cancer surgery. Another customer interrupted to say that vitamins would cure cancer. He said Big Pharma has suppressed this information. I excused myself so I could face-palm in private.
Mark was the goalie on his high school soccer team. When the team won, he got none of the glory. When the team lost, he got all of the blame. Mark's position was exceedingly unfavorable for him. Mark quit the team after that season.
Francis had a bad cold. He went to visit his sister Kay in the nursing home anyway. Kay caught the cold. The cold turned into pneumonia. Kay is now in the hospital.
Adam had ants in his backyard. He watched them. They build a large ant hill. Then they carried crumbs into it. Adam thought it was fascinating.
Nic's friends all called him a computer geek, which was true. Nic spent all his free time trying to design robots and computers. But when he turned 16, he actually achieved his goal! He built a rudimentary robot that swept his floor! It wasn't much, but Nic knew it was a step in the right direction!
Tara found a stray underweight kitten near her home. She took it inside her home. She washed the kitten to get rid of fleas. Eventually she nursed the kitten back to good health. Tara found a good home for the kitten by giving it to her mother.
Samantha was on a trip. She checked into her beautiful hotel. It was five star and had a gorgeous pool. Samantha decided she would just lay by the pool all day. She loved traveling.
Gina loved going to music class. They listened to records and sang from a book. Gina liked hearing music she had never heard before. Sometimes they had to do worksheets. Gina hated those days, but she loved the class the rest of the time.
Rocky finally got the pool he had always wanted in his backyard. Rocky invited many friends over for his first pool party. As the party progressed, it grew louder and more unruly. Several of Rocky's neighbors called the police to complain. Rocky's first pool party was soon shut down by the police.
Kenya's washing machine was broken. She had to wash everything by hand! She went shopping for a new one, but they were all so expensive! She finally coughed up the money for the top of the line model. Her clothes were soon cleaner than they'd ever been!
My mother bought me a crock pot. I have been wanting to try one for a while. It came with a recipe book. I have a few recipes I plan on trying out. I'll let you know how they come out.
Lina just had a baby boy. After a few weeks she noticed flakes on his baby's scalp. Lina realized her son had cradle cap. She began applying coconut oil to help heal it. After two weeks the cradle cap had disappeared.
Helen invited Susan to a church cook out. Susie showed up that evening. They were serving burgers. Susie ate one. She mingled the rest of the party.
A beggar stood on a street corner and panhandled. When times were slow he would write small stories. A person came by and refused to give the man a handout. The beggar offered to sell one of his stories instead of charity. The man obliged and paid 23 cents for the beggar's best story.
My brother had a bug collection. There were many different bugs in his room. He pulled one out to show me. It jumped out of his hands. He picked it back up before it got away.
I was in fifth grade. We were running the half mile in gym class. I paced myself most of the race. In the final block I sprinted as fast as I could. I won by an inch.
My husband and I often travel to Mexico. Unfortunately we do not speak Spanish. One day we were pulled over for speaking. We couldn't understand the officer but offered him cash. He took the cash and let us go.
Arthur King wrote three best sellers, now he's bored. He saw an ad online about a community of pick-up artist. He paid for a session of pick-up a girl training. First he sat in on a lecture about how to flirt with girls. Next he went to a club to practice what her learned.
Jennifer stayed up too late with her boyfriend one night. When she woke up the next day, she knew it would be a hard one. She was so tired and she struggled to focus. She finally made it to the end of the day. She decided she would never stay up that late on a work night again.
Familyfix spends their summer vacation at the same beach every year. They love to relax at the beach and swim in the water. This time there was a shark attack. The beach got closed for the rest of the day. The family left to spend the last week at a different beach.
Benjy was excited for his high school reunion. It had been many years since he had seen most of his classmates. At the reunion, Benjy drank too much alcohol. Benjy threw up in the restroom and passed out. He woke up several hours later after most people had already left.
Jon had dirty glasses. There was no lens wipe in his house. He decided to use his shirt to clean the glasses. His shirt scratched the lens. Jon realized he should always use a lens wipe.
Cindy was waiting for a package she ordered on Amazon. But she read that it was delivered 5 minutes ago. She looked outside but didn't see it. After she went back inside, she heard a knock. And her neighbor delivered the package to her.
Tim needed money. So he begged on the street. After a few hours, he earned ten dollars. But he spent it on alcohol. And Tim continued to beg every day.
Ronald wants to think of something to do with his friends. He decides that he would like to go bowling with them. They go to the local bowling alley in the afternoon. Ronald bowls very well. He is happy that he found something to do with his friends.
Bob packed a box to send to someone but had a problem. The box was too small for all the stuff he wanted to put in it! Bob looked around for a larger box to use. He noticed one which looked perfect had arrived that very day. Bob packed all the stuff into the new box and it all fit in perfectly.
Tiffany's boyfriend loved video games. His birthday was coming up and she wanted to surprise him. She went out and bought a game that he had his eye on. She wrapped it and on his birthday she went to his house. When she gave the gift, he told her that he already owned the game.
I took a trip to Japan. I ate lots of exotic food. However, I lost my plane ticket. After a week of looking, I found it by the bed. I left Japan happily.
Jeremy answered a knock at the door. There was a police officer. The officer said that they were searching for a criminal in the area. Jeremy was told to lock his doors. Jeremy remained vigilant until hearing the prisoner was captured.
Callie was at the lake with her family. She had been having fun swimming all day. Soon it was time for dinner and all of the kids got out of the water. Callie tried to wrap up her in her towel but it was soaking wet. She was cold the rest of the night until she air dried enough.
Jay hated his job at the call center. He walked up to his boss' office and knocked on the door. The boss told him to wait because he was busy. This response enraged Jay beyond reason. Jay kicked open the door and gave his two week's notice.
I looked at the windows in my house. They were all very dirty so i decided to clean them. I went to the cabinet to grab cleaning supplies. I walked through the house and cleaned the windows. I sat down and felt good about the job.
Sue wanted to bring an impressive dessert to the company party. She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons. She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter. Sue's co-workers raved about the exquisite dessert. When they asked for the recipe, Sue's face reddened.
I have a secret sauce handed down from generations. I use the sauce on my ribs at my restaurant. Many people ask me for the recipe. I do not tell anyone the ingredients to the secret sauce. The sauce has made me successful will remain a secret.
Gina had the new single from a hot new artist. The song played on the radio all the time. But the album wasn't out yet. Gina put her speak in the window of her bedroom. She sat on the porch while the music played out the window.
Sally was running low on medication. Whenever she stopped taking it she got sick. It had been five days since the last time she had any. She couldn't afford to pay her prescription. Now she's too sick to work.
Tom loved his pet turtle. He would come home every day and feed him. One day Tom didn't see his turtle. He searched everywhere for him. Tom never saw his turtle again.
Kelly went boating on the wild river. She forgot to take her favorite glasses off before boarding the boat! Halfway down the river she hit a rough patch and the boat was shaken. Her favorite glasses fell from her head into the deep, wild water. She learned her lesson, to never wear glasses while boating again!
Mark's new hobby was buying and selling stocks. He would watch CNBC all day, every day. He usually lost money. One day, he made a few thousand dollars on a hunch. He'll probably lose it all tomorrow.
Sarah was making brownies. She had already begun making the batter. Then she realized that she didn't have the right flour. She looked online for a substitute. Luckily, she had the ingredient that people recommended.
The announcer called out Fran's name. She walked her lamb, Edna, into the small arena. Edna's white coat looked like a giant cotton ball. Fran stopped walking allowing the judges to look over Edna. After the judges handed in their scorecards, Fran exited the arena.
Linda got two ticket for a Packers game. She invited her friend to go with her. They had a great time. Then they found out their valets were stolen. They called police.
Dave always wanted to have his own restaurant. He saved and saved, and perfected his craft. Finally the day came when Dave opened up a restaurant. The food got rave reviews. Now Dave is a celebrity chef with his own TV show.
Mila's hair was really long. She was tired of it getting tangled up. Mila decided to cut her hair. She went to the beautician. She was happy with her shorter hair.
Pat was driving to work on a foggy Monday morning. There was a lot of honking coming from a car behind him. Pat checked in his mirrors and saw a person speeding towards him. He quickly pulled into a side street to avoid being hit. The car that was honking sped past and continued honking.
The man found the answer. He told everyone he could. People did not like the answer. They got angry at the man. They hung the man in the street.
Sydnee wanted to be a model as a child. Everyone had told her that she would never make it. She ended up ignoring their judgments. She applied that evening to become a model. She was accepted and is now modeling clothing for a living.
Roberto looks at his watch. It is late, and he needs to get home. He calls an Uber. A man picks him up. The man says he's not an Uber, and could he get out of his car.
Nya went to the beach. She decided to collect sea shells. She gathered every shell she could find. Soon she had dozens and dozens of shells! Nya was happy with her large collection.
Bob is a construction worker. One day, Bob is helping to build a house. Bob is carrying a big plank of wood just outside the house's frame. Someone yells out Bob's name, and Bob turns around quickly. The plank of wood strikes the frame and the whole thing collapses.
I took my dog for a walk on the boardwalk. We saw many other dogs. He enjoyed playing with the other dogs. They even played on the beach together in the sand. He fell asleep on the way home.
Ethan needed to lose 10 pounds. He developed a plan to include more fruits and vegetables in his diet. He saw a flyer for a new organic produce market in his neighborhood. He decided to start buying his groceries there. That was three weeks ago, and he's already lost three pounds.
Dan really wanted to be a great photographer. He has all the equipment but doesn't know how to use half of it. He started taking online courses in his spare time. He studying hard and practiced taking great pictures. Now Dan sells his photographs for money!
Bob was black. A man approached Bob and made fun of Bob's skin color. Bob scolded the man. Bob told the man that it was not okay to be racist. Alas, the man was ignorant and did not care to listen to Bob.
Marilyn was going to get her first tattoo. She was looking through a book to choose what kind. She was debating between a flower or a bird. Finally she decided to flip a coin. She ended up going with a flower.
The Johnson family decided to take a road trip. They packed all three kids up and headed out on a summer adventure. The kids were not sure where they were headed. They drove for 4 hours and arrived at their destination. The kids were thrilled to see they were at Hershey Park for the week.
Summer was winding down. The family went to the pool one more time. They went through the lazy river and went down the slides. It was great to relax in the water one more time. They couldn't wait until next summer!
Tom got new detergent. He noticed he was itchy afterward. His underwear were unbearably itchy. He could barely make it through a day wearing them. Tom decided to get a different kind.
Allie loved sour candy. She thought she could handle it all. One day she decided to buy the most sour. When she took it home she tried it. It was so sour she threw it out.
I was driving down the street. I saw that the carnival was in town. I stopped by on my way home. I watched some crazy shows and ate snacks. I went home and had fun.
The family shared a basket of fries. The son ate them very fast. The daughter got mad. Dad told them to keep it down. Mom reminded everyone to be fair.
Albert drove down the street carefully. The man in the passenger's seat coached him and took notes. Albert flashed his blinkers and turned into the parking lot. As he put the car in park, he looked at the man expectantly. Albert ended up getting his driver's license that day.
We took my sister in law out to dinner last week. She is a very nervous person. My wife was driving down the street. The sister in law said to slow down. We laughed as the speedometer read 20 mph.
Andre hated living in a group home. He thought the kids and counselors were mean. He was 12 and lived in the Group Home for 6 months when he ran away. The front door was left unlocked one evening and Andre walked out. The police caught him a week later living with an aunt.
It was trash day and Kim was cleaning. She only had one trash bag. She filled the bag way too full and it ripped. Garbage juice leaked everywhere. Kim had to scrub her carpets.
Joey and his mom like visiting the park. They go every week. Their favorite part is feeding the ducks. The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands. They finally have to go home, but they are excited for next week!
Cassidy was at a pizza place with her family. They were ordering and chatting with the waiter. During the conversation, Cassidy mentioned that it was her birthday. The waiter congratulated her and then left with their orders. When he came back, he surprised her with a free birthday pizza.
Eric was checking his email. He opened up an email from his professor. He had won a $5000 scholarship for his academic work! Eric was thrilled. He called his parents immediately afterwards to tell them the news.
Leslie had a gun that she loved to shoot. She would throw frisbees into the air and shoot them down. One day while target practicing, she shot a baby bird. Leslie felt heartbroken and cried all night. The next day, Leslie sold her gun and shot no more.
My wife does daily massages. She does them on a bed, with my help. Today our cat was curious. She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages. I call her a one person cat.
In 1977 my brother and I attended a comic book convention. It was held in New Britain, CT. We took a bus to get there. We bought a lot of comics and met some artists. We were happy coming home.
Sally bought some thrift store clothes for a low price. Sally's father complained that she shouldn't be shopping there. He told her that they had money and didn't need to do so. Sally did not understand why cheaper good-quality clothes were bad. When Sally moved out later in life, she never stopped thrift shopping.
Susie had to use the restroom. But there was no one in sight. So she had to go the long way. It took one hour. By the time she got back she was exhausted.
Frank loved to go fishing. Frank decided to go to the lake to fish. Frank grabbed his fishing gear from the garage. He then drove down to his favorite fishing spot. Frank was going to enjoy his day of fishing.
John recently bought a new computer. The computer came preloaded with Linux operation system. John wanted Windows. John bought Windows. John installed Windows.
It was time for Jane to potty train her son Jim. She showed the baby the pot and sat him on it. He wouldn't use it for weeks. One day he walked to the pot and used it. Jane grabbed Jim and danced while he smiled.
Tom heard a song on the radio that he really liked. They didn't say the name of it. He wasn't able to look it up with the lyrics. Tom didn't know what it was for years. Then they played it again and said the name.
Steven was good at memorizing words really fast. He challenged his friend to a word contest. His friend Tony agreed. Tony practiced very hard on his memorization word skills. Tony was unable to beat Steven in the contest.
I watched the movie Goal yesterday. It is about a young soccer player who makes it to the BPL. The movie inspired my friends and I to play soccer. We ended up playing for three hours. It was fun, and I hope we do it again.
Molly had a flower growing outside her house. She went to water it one day. There was a mouse nibbling on the flower. She yelled at the mouse and the mouse ran. The flower was to damaged to be saved.
Kathy was pregnant and very happy. Her only issue were the constant aches and pains. She couldn't even sleep because of her discomfort. She consulted her doctor who prescribed her some medicine. Luckily, this helped her pain immensely.
On Tuesday I decided to surprise my girlfriend. I made a fort in the living room. I gathered all the pillows and sheets. I even added lights and set up a television. She really liked it.
Anna's local mall had a very tiny parking lot. Everyone petitioned the town board to make it larger. Finally, they agreed to pay half the money, if the mall paid the rest. Both parties agreed, and soon the parking lot was enlarged. Anna was happy that it was so much easier to park now!
Joe worked twelve hours a day. He would come home and sleep for ten hours. He was always exhausted. His boss decided to give him two weeks paid vacation. After that Joe wasn't exhausted anymore.
Bill was late to class one day and took a seat. His teacher began to collect homework and asked for Bill's. Bill said he forgot it, and his teacher became very angry. Bill's teacher hit Bill in the face with a ruler, causing Bill to cry. Bill went home and told his parents who became very angry.
Casey was playing in his baseball game. His team was out in the field. The ball was in the air heading to Casey. The sun got into Casey's eyes. Casey missed the ball.
Tina walked into English class. The teacher said to put everything away. She wanted to give a pop quiz. Tina freaked. She was not ready.
Ben works very hard for his wife. His wife tells him he doesn't make enough. His wife leaves him. Ben tries to make better of his life. He joins the army and never looks back.
Anton crossed the road. The man on the other side was grinning at him. He grinned back to the man. The man stopped grinning. Anton greeted him directly.
Steven is a reporter and wanted to get into a big party. He would get a lot of great information for his story. He knew that he needed to find a way to get into the party. Steven asked a friend he knew was going if he could go with. The friend said no and Steven didn't go to the party.
The teacher tried to find her purse. She wouldn't let the students leave the classroom yet. She had asked if anyone seen it and nobody said they saw it. Security came in to search. They found it in a young girl
Teddy was looking for a new car. He decided to head to the dealership. He wanted to pick out the best one for him. He chose the ford mustang. Ted was so happy with his new car.
Allie was excited to have a sleepover party with all of her friends. She could not wait for her friends to come and party with her. When her friends got there they made their own pizzas. After dinner the girls watched a movie and ate popcorn. By the time it was ready for bed, the girls were exhausted.
Carl was practicing his equestrian ability. He needed to compete in a tournament. He practiced so hard that he fell down his horse. So he missed his tournament. But thankfully, Carl was able to recover.
Angie had boring, straight hair. She wanted to have lots of curls instead. She got a perm at the salon. The outcome was terrible! Angie regretting her new curls.
Lois was the meanest girl in school. She bullied kids left and right. One day the new girl she tried to Bully. The new girl stood up to her and told her she wouldn't take it. Lois the bully had been defeated.
Allie went on a date. They went to a roast beef restaurant. She didn't have a good experience. Her beef was not cooked enough. She had to send it back.
Tina had an upset stomach. She tried everything to fix it. Yet nothing would help it. Tina felt helpless. Finally she took some ginger and it helped.
Margaret was at her family cabin. She was up in the loft, and wanted to go downstairs. But the ladder was gone, because someone had needed it. She was stuck and called out for help. Finally, someone brought the ladder back.
I had lunch with my two high school friends. We graduated in 1971. One friend told us his wife and he were separating. We were sad and tried to cheer him up. He was still down when we ended our lunch.
Ana spilled candle wax on her floor. It was so hard to remove! She scrubbed it with metal, plastic, nothing worked. Then she scraped off the wax with a razor blade. That did the trick!
Janet was afraid of heights. So when she had a chance to go to New York, she didn't go high. All her days were spent on the ground. But when she had a chance to see the Empire building, she went. She gathered her courage to look at the city and was amazed.
Bill woke up in the middle of the night. He thought he had heard a noise downstairs. He tried to ignore it, but the noise sounded again. He was too afraid to get up and look. When he awoke, he saw that his cat had knocked over a vase.
One day I went out to feed the cat, as I always do. The cat was nowhere to be seen. I called and called, but no cat came, or even meowed. I worried that something might have happened to the kitty. Since there was no way of finding out for sure, I decided not to worry
At night Shirley likes story time. Her Daddy reads to her. Shirley gets to pick the book. Most nights she picks the same book. She just likes falling asleep to the story.
One day I was out mowing my lawn. I spotted some kids playing across the street. One little girl started walking towards my lawn. When I turned around she was walking through my driveway. I looked back 3 seconds later and she was nowhere to be seen!
When I was a kid, I fell on my bicycle. For twenty years, I didn't even touch a bicycle. Last week my sister bought me a bike, and I actually got on it. After a few feet, I really got the hang of it. Now I ride my bike to work every day and I love it!
Kate and her friends pulled up to their Las Vegas hotel. A man greeted them at the car. Another took their bags inside. And another valet parked their car. Kate could already tell this was a swanky place.
Ed was down to his last $5. As he was walking down the street he saw something on the ground. It was a lottery ticket. He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing. He won $10,000 on the spot!
My friends were ordering Chinese food last Friday. They all wanted different things. The order wound up being really long. The restaurant almost didn't want to do it. We gave them a big tip as a thanks.
Edward left his home for work one morning. He climbed into his car, and began to drive down the road. While driving, a deer jumped in front of his car. Edward got out of his car, and saw that the deer had been killed. He moved the deer off of the road and continued driving.
Jake didn't know how to swim. He went to a friend's pool party anyway. He figured he just wouldn't get in. As a prank someone pushed him in. Jake had to be helped out when it was obvious he was drowning.
It was an exciting evening at the roller rink. All the kids were doing tricks and having fun. Michelle decided to try the limbo game. Her friends encouraged her to limbo lower. She made it under the bar and won a candy prize.
A squirrel checked out the back yard. He saw an acorn on the deck. He snuck up to it and snatched it. He took off running just as the dog inside spotted him. He scampered over the fence with his new acorn.
Paul loved to watch the local news. One day Paul got upset by what was on the news about poor countries. Paul rushed into his tool shed with an idea. He worked on a portable flush toilet for third world areas. Paul's invention saved millions of people.
Lee wanted a boat. He went shopping for one for many days. One day he found one he really wanted. It was too expensive. He saved his money and bought the boat.
Felix loved football. He played whenever he could. He played with his school and outside. Felix tore his ACL. Felix was never able to play football professionally.
Zuri was fishing with her uncles. She was bummed because there seemed to be no fish. Just when she began complaining, her pole got a nibble. She tried to reel it in but still caught nothing. In the end, she didn't catch anything at all.
The boys lined up in front of the club. The security guards checked their licenses before letting them in. Everyone managed to get in except Earl. He begged his friends to go somewhere else. However, they refused and went inside of the club.
Arthur wrote in his diary every single day. One day he could not find his diary and looked everywhere. Arthur even went back to school to find his diary. Arthur could not sleep and he tried to remember where it was. The next day, he found it in the lost and found at school.
I spent an hour clearing out old emails. I had storage, but it was fun looking at the old emails. Many were from the time I sold things on eBay. I kept the personal emails. I still have 21,000 old emails.
Ken took his kids to a photo shoot with him. The kids had fun. However unfortunately the kids got tired. As a result they stopped cooperating. Finally they had to stop shooting.
George wanted to start a garden. He bought several different kinds of seeds. He planted the seeds in his backyard. He watered them everyday. Soon, George had home grown fruits and vegetables to eat.
Larry took his daughter Abby to the zoo. He took his phone out to take a picture of a giraffe. But Abby saw monkeys and ran over to them. Larry panicked when he couldn't find her. Finally he spotted Abby and ran to give her a big hug.
Dana was having dinner with friends. When it came time to pay her card was declined. She asked them to try it again but it wouldn't go through. It was a bit embarrassing. A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay.
The man entered the top of the chute. He pulled the goggles down over his eyes. The gun went off to start his run. He entered the chute fast. The snowboard came out from under him, and he slid head first.
Rob offered to roast the turkey this year. He seasoned the raw turkey and eventually placed it in the oven. It was heated for 2-3 hours. A huge emergency came up and he left the house for a while. When he got back, he forgot about the turkey that was extremely burnt.
Every time Jill goes to KMart one particular cashier is rude to her. She finally asks her what her issue is. The cashier tells her that she doesn't like Muslims. When  Jill goes public on facebook the cashier is fired. She is proud that the entire community rallies around her as well.
My friend and I got together for the carnival. We went on several rides and attractions. Afterwards, we decided to split a funnel cake. I experienced difficulty eating it since it was hot. After the place closed, we went back to our hotel rooms.
William went to his school to pick up his class schedule. He walked into the front office. He picked up his schedule from a lady at the front desk. While leaving the office, William closed his finger between the doors. He yelped in pain, then left the school and treated his injury.
Sally liked to skip wherever she went. She was heading to her friends house. Louis was waiting for her to arrive. But she never did because she got lost. Her parents had to find her 3 hours later.
Tim went on a camping trip with friends. They decided to climb up a mountain. It started to snow out of nowhere. Tim and his friends kept going. It made the scenery that much more beautiful.
Ellie loves to restore old furniture. She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser. She purchases the dresser but has no way to get it home. Her husband arrives in a truck and they take it home. They are very happy with their new piece.
Tim had a part time job. It was all he could find. Unfortunately it was at Blockbuster. They shut down and Tim's job was gone. It took him months to find more work.
DJ X wanted to play some new music. DJ X was working at a dance club tonight. DJ X started playing some new techno music. The crowd loved the new music. DJ X was glad he tried some new music tonight.
Tom was feeling sick. His aunt brought over a home remedy. Tom thought it tasted disgusting. He chugged it anyway. A bit after he started to feel better.
My wife decided to do the laundry last night. She started at 7 pm. She got done by 9 pm. She was exhausted, having worked. I am disabled and felt badly that I could not help.
As a reward for starting to eat healthy, I got a bad case of diarrhea. I ran to the stall at work, but there was no toilet paper. Neither of the stalls next to me had toilet paper either. I decided I had to take drastic measures to clean up. That's when my boss walked in one me with my pants down.
Morgan taught her children to play the quiet game. It made some car rides bearable. The children became very competitive at it. Morgan grew concerned when they wouldn't speak for days. Occasionally she had them play the loud game, just in case.
Karen had been suffering from nightmares for several weeks. She was having more and more trouble sleeping every night. A friend recommended Karen try hypnotherapy. Karen has several appointments with the hypnotherapist. Before long, she was sleeping much better with no more bad dreams.
Susie was very politically minded. She wanted to go to a rally. She got her friends together to join her. As soon as she got there it was very rowdy. Susie was not surprised.
Dana was heavily pregnant. She went into labor very suddenly. Her husband tried to rush her to the hospital. They couldn't get there in time, though. She had the baby in the car.
Kelly loves tattoos. She is an incredible artist herself. She has thought of doing tattoos in the future. She knows her parents will not be happy if so. She figures when shes an adult it is her decision!
The coach screamed at the team. That made the team feel bad. The team didn't play with enough heart. They lost the game. The coach was eventually replaced.
Larry walked into his classroom. He told everyone to take their seats. He saw some boys in the back laughing looking at a phone. He walked back there and took the phone from their hands. He told them they would have it back after class.
Jessica and Joanne were drinking at a bar one night. A short, wrinkled woman with a glass eye sat beside them slowly. The woman warned the pair of great danger and told them to be careful. Jessica and Joanne said they had to leave and promptly exited. Out of breath, Jessica asked Joanne how the woman could have known.
The circus is in town this week. I decided to take my nephews. It was their first time seeing the circus. We all enjoyed watching the various acts. After the circus was over we went out for ice cream.
Tom was in a fight with his girlfriend. She threw his phone at him. It shattered the screen. Tom broke up with her and charged her for the damage. She never paid him.
Tom and Mary decided their children had earned a trampoline. They decided they wanted the trampoline level with the ground. They called the utility department and found the perfect spot to dig. Tom and Mary worked hard to dig a hole the trampoline would fit in. They put the trampoline together and the kids were very excited.
Bob was walking to his house. He found some money on the street. He decided to turn it into the police station. After thirty days, no one claimed the money. Bob got to keep the money.
Kevin bought a new truck. It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive. He tried to go up a hill. He kept sliding regardless of what he tried. It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck.
Pippa had a lot of cuddly toys. She collected the ones she liked from charity shops. She decided to look at the value of one of hers online. It was a vintage toy and was worth $150. She loved it too much to sell it in the end.
Mike and Anna wanted to do something nice for her birthday. They thought about going out but they were not doing well financially. Instead, Mike decided to pack her a picnic for dinner. He took her to her favorite spot and they ate on a blanket. She ended up liking it way more than a restaurant.
Chuck had just bought a new car stereo. But he found that it was difficult to install! So he called up his skilled friend for help. His friend came over and quickly installed the radio. Chuck was so happy, he gave his friend $20 to thank him!
George was a monkey who was hungry for bananas. He journeyed away from his home in search of bananas. He found a bunch of bananas about a mile away. George brought the bananas back to his home. George kept bananas back home to save them for later.
I used to buy bread at grocery stores. But I was disappointed in the limited selection. So I tried making my own bread. After several tries however, I didn't like the results. But I still continue to bake bread.
When I went over to the dentist yesterday I was in for a surprise. I thought I would be in there for an hour. Yet thankfully I was done in ten minutes. I could not believe it. I wanted to go back
John and his family wanted to do something fun. They wanted to visit the zoo. Unfortunately there was a monsoon. The father took his family on a muddy nature expedition. John's family had a great time in John's SUV.
Ben and Hope had been dating for five years. Ben knew it was time to take the next step. He found a lovely ring and proposed to Hope. He waited with his heart in his throat. But his wait was short - Hope instantly screamed Yes!
Rachel had a big case full of movies. She began to notice that the movies were all in the wrong cases. Finally, she decided that she needed to fix them. It took an hour to dig through them all. Finally, all of the discs were in their rightful cases.
Abe liked to collect rocks. He found plenty near the lake next to his house. But he was looking for a perfect white stone. He looked everywhere and couldn't find it. When he stepped on a white rock by accident, he smiled.
I used to live in an apartment. Part of the perk of resigning my lease was a drawing for free rent. I decided to go ahead and sign up. I was in class when the drawing was held. I received a call and won free rent.
Jeremy was skateboarding around town with his friends. Someone noticed a perfect bridge over water. Jeremy's friends dared him to ride across. He did but he fell into the water. He ended up breaking his arm, and couldn't skate for weeks.
There was an old tree on Sam's yard. Sam was always afraid of it. One night it was storming hard. The tree was hit by lightning and fell over. Sam was relieved it was gone.
James worked freelance at night after his day job. He completed a survey one night and went to bed. He woke up and realized that his work was rejected. He emailed the researcher issuing the survey to find out why. The researcher replied that it was a mistake and approved James' work.
Gina was writing a paper for one of her classes. She only had one page left to write out of ten pages. Gina could only come up with a few more sentences to finish her paper. Gina turned in the paper short of the necessary length. Her paper was good, so she didn't get points off for length.
James saved money to buy headphones for over two months. James then went to the store on Thursday to buy the headphones. When he went to the store, he found out they were out of stock. James then drove 200 miles to get the headphones at another store. James was very happy once he got the headphones.
Jim worked as a chef at a 4-star restaurant. A food critic would be coming to the restaurant that evening. Jim was very nervous that his cooking would not be good enough. Jim cooked his best dish for the critic when he arrived. The food critic adored Jim's food and gave the restaurant 5 stars.
Vicky wanted to be top of her class. She was smart, but lazy. She decided to cheat on her math test. Her teacher caught her. She failed the class.
Tom saw a stray cat. It seemed friendly at first. Tom tried to pet it. The cant hissed and tried to scratch him. Tom decided to just leave it alone.
Michael had randomly met a great girl on the bus. Now, a week later it was Valentine's Day and he wanted to take her out. Once she agreed he began making plans immediately. Unfortunately all of the restaurants he called were all booked up. Finally he found one decent restaurant with an open table.
The Conner's had some really mean neighbors. They had a lot of dogs. The Conner's knew they abused them. They reported them to the police. They dogs were taken away.
Ross had missed two basketball practices. His coach was upset. The coach kept Ross after his next practice. Ross had to do extra drills. He made sure not to miss practice again.
Sam had neighbors with kids. The kids would always run around being noisy. Sam felt bad for complaining. Eventually he had to ask them to be more mindful. The neighbors tried to oblige.
Judy always parked her car in the spot out front of her work. The spot was never taken so she was confident it would be available. Judy was aggravated to see her parking spot was taken! She had to drive around the parking lot for a new place to park. Judy was late to work because she couldn't find a place to park.
Amy disliked Sue. However the professor told Amy to work on a project with Sue. At first the girls butted heads constantly. After 3 days they realized they were more alike than not. The girls became best friends.
Paul finished his dinner. He decided to make an ice cream sundae. He put vanilla ice cream in a bowl. Paul poured chocolate sauce over the ice cream. Paul topped his dessert with a cherry on top.
It was my turn to be the batter. The pitcher threw the ball twice and I ended up missing. After the third pitch, I ended up hitting the ball. It ended up turning into a home run. I ended up running across the bases to receive a point.
A notice was put up in the town square. It said the town would be split up and separated into two halves. A large group gathered around and started worrying. They wondered who would be their neighbors after all this. Eventually the group started fighting amongst themselves.
Julie was shopping in her local grocery store. She was waiting in line at the checkout stand. When she was going to put her items on the belt a man groped her. She let out a whelp and slapped the man behind her. She complained to security and had the man arrested.
Collin was working in an office. There was a storm in the area. The storm caused a power outage. The electricity in the building went out. Collin's boss allowed the staff to leave work early.
Maybeth was a widow and would always wear the color black. She wore it over a decade and still could not move on, she was lost. She never remarried and wore the black dress until her expected death. She was buried in her black dress with a sad look on her face. For she was the widow who walked the earth with a frown on her face.
Rob's team was a few points behind in a basketball game. But there were only a few seconds left. Rob made the choice to shoot the ball from across the court. And when he made it in the basket, everyone was amazed. Rob was happy after winning an MVP award.
Scott was hanging out with his friend Dave. He was telling him an elaborate story. Soon Scott began noticing several holes in the story. He challenged Dave until finally he admitted that it was a lie. Scott was so angry that he didn't speak to Dave for weeks.
Bobby was mowing his yard. He ran over a stick with his lawn mower. The stick passed through the blades. It flew out the blades and through the air. The stick flew into a window and almost broke it.
Maurice had never liked eating fruit. His family tried to convince him to eat fruit but he refused. Finally his sister asked him to try eating a banana. Maurice was shocked to find that he loved it. From that day forward, Maurice ate many bananas.
In Fort Worth, we have an event call hit the bricks. It is a charity run and it is about one mile long. I've been training for the past week. When the race started, I thought I was going to have a hard time. However, thanks to my training the run was easy.
Roberta was washing some fruit when she noticed something. Instead of buying grapes she had bought kiwis. Roberta went to the grocery to buy some grapes. Then she realized she had left the sink running. Roberta returned home and the house was flooded.
Sam was buying groceries. His wife gave him a list. Unfortunately he forgot it. He tried to get everything from memory. He forgot a bunch of things and annoyed his wife.
Lance made a huge mistake at work. He accidentally deleted the wrong file. He meant to get rid of the photos of him on vacation. Instead he put those in place of his bosses presentation. His boss showed him in Mexico at a seminar in front of five thousand.
One day Sabrina went to the botanical garden in her city. First she walked through the butterfly aviary. Then she fed the hummingbirds. Finally she looked at the beautiful flowers. She had a fun time.
Tom was fighting with his wife. She left to cool off. Tom was still very upset. He messed up and broke her family's fine china. Tom's wife left him shortly after.
Harris needed a new dining table. He decided to make it instead of buying it. He hired a lumberjack to cut down an elm tree. Then he fashioned the tree into planks and nailed together a table. His table was so amazing that his friends wanted to buy it!
Paul was eating some Cheetos on day. He kept sliding them into his mouth while watching some tv. His hands and face were covered in orange powder. At the end of the tv show Paul looked down into the bag. He ate the whole bag in the course of thirty minutes!
Eliab was just a toddler. He was a curious boy and got into a lot. Eliab pulled a dumbbell off of a table and it landed on his foot. His parents took him to the emergency room. Miraculously Eliab didn't have any broken bones or fractures.
Zachary drowned the ants in a bucket of water. His mother was shocked by his actions, and hit him. Zachary started crying and asked how she could do that. She said how he thought the ants felt about drowning. Zachary realized he had been a bad boy.
Nina's friends are at her house for a surprise birthday party. They all hide and wait for Nina to arrive. Nina opens her door with great shock. All of her friends jump out to surprise her. Nina laughs with all of her friends.
One day me and my friends decided to go on a hike. While admiring the scenery we saw a flash of white. I went to get a closer look and realized I saw a white squirrel. Me and my friends had never seen an albino animal before this. We were so amazed we told everyone when we got back!
Chad loved going to the beach. Today he decided he would go for a nice walk. However, when Chad got to the beach, it was closed. Chad read the sign, and saw they were closed for cleaning. Chad was disappointed that he could not take his beach walk.
Stacy wants  a garden. She goes to the gardening store to buy bulbs and supplies. She carefully hoes the dirt where she wants her garden. Stacy plants her bulbs. Her bulbs grow into beautiful flowers that Stacy enjoys.
Jake lost the remote to his television. He looked everywhere for it. After a day he gave up and decided to buy a new one. A week later Jake was cleaning his apartment. He found the original remote.
Tom lived in an apartment. He got a leaky faucet. Tom could call to get it fixed. It would just take a long time to do so. Tom decided to just quickly fix it himself.
Anna had always loved farms. She got her first job tending horses. But the job proved very strenuous. She was surprised and disappointed. Apparently farming wasn't the life for her!
Ned loves cereal. Applejack and Fruit Loops mostly. He hated milk though. So he would just crunch down on dry cereal. Until he choked and milk being the only thing in his reach.
One Sunday the Banno family went to church together. The little kids got bored. They snuck out during the sermon. However they were caught by Mr Banno. They promised not to do it again.
Matt decided to build himself a house. However, he did not have the right tools. He decided to get a job at a wood shop. They offered a big employee discount. Matt used the discount to get all the tools he needed for the house.
The fireworks were pretty far away. The view was not very good. There were three separate shows. We were in New York City. It was with a group from church.
Susie really liked chips. When she went to the grocery store she saw some. She saw ones that were steak flavored. Susie decided to try some, It was delicious.
Lenny was afraid to get on the ferris wheel. It went so high into the air. His big brother told him there wasn't anything to be afraid of. He got on the ride with Lenny. When they got to the top Lenny was amazed by the great view.
It was raining in Carissa's area. She hurried into the house. Carissa had forgotten to put up the windows in her car. Carissa ran to put her windows up. Carissa was soaked.
Tim walked to the starting line of the race. His heart was pounding and the gun went off. After a mile, he began to fall back. His coach encouraged him from the sidelines. Ultimately, Tim won the race.
Jen decided to go to the park today. Her mom helped her climb on top of the slide. She also tried to move through the tunnel. However, she found an old man inside. He was sleeping.
I beat out a now famous director for the lead role in a play Years ago Our drama club announced the audition dates. I practiced my lines day and night. I nailed my performance at the audition. I got the role.
Janie hated spinach with a passion. Her grandma had tried to make her eat it once. When she was at a friend's house, her mother served a delicious dip. She ate it all up without asking what it was. Then her friend's mom asked her if she liked the spinach dip.
Kia forgot her lunch one day. She sat in the school cafeteria, hungry and sad. Then a friend sat beside her. He shared his sandwich and chips with Kia. She was very grateful for his kindness!
Jack went to the bank to deposit a check. He waited in line for 10 minutes. When it was his turn, the teller called him up. He handed her the check and she deposited it into his account. She gave him a receipt and he left.
Kate found a chair in a crowded club. She was surprised no one was sitting on it. Her friends tried to stop her from sitting on the gum on the chair. But she sat down before realizing what they were saying. Her dress was ruined and the damage was already done.
I have a fear of severed heads. I developed it after witnessing the death of one of my best friends. I have no memory of the accident, but she was beheaded by a semi. I know I saw it only because others told me I did after the accident. I never regained my memory of that day.
Justin is playing a basketball game. His team is down 2 points. Justin takes a three point shot. The shot goes in and the crowd goes wild. Justin won the game for his team.
The next day was the collection day for recycling. Jim wandered through his house to find empty cans and bottles. He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb. The next day a city worker came and took away the trash. Jim brought his empty bucket back into his house for next week.
Sue started drinking too much coffee everyday. She put way too much sugar in her coffee. She needed to switch drinks but still craved the caffeine. Sue decided to switch to green the which is a healthier option. Now she still gets her caffeine fix minus all the other bad stuff.
Nick loved whales. And he always wanted to see one. So he was really excited when his class went whale watching. But he ended up feeling really nauseous. And he became too sick to enjoy watching the whales.
Michelle had always worn the same outdated style her whole life. It was time for a drastic change for her hair. She went off to the salon to try something new. When she was done with her hair, she was shocked. She looked absolutely beautiful.
Mike was a procrastinator. One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car. Mike decided that the gas could wait. He went out driving and ended up stranded because he ran out of gas. Mike painfully had to admit that he should have listened to his wife.
Gene liked the internet. She payed a lot of money for it. One day it went out. She was not able to work. She called the company and got a discount.
I got a huge blister from walking for 3 miles. I wasn't used to the exercise, so it was rough on my feet. The blister swelled to epic proportions, and began to hurt. Unwittingly, I popped the blister. I found out the hard way that popped blisters are very painful.
Kerry lived near the beach in Florida. He heard that a hurricane might hit Florida. Kerry boarded up his windows to protect his house. The hurricane did a lot of damage to Kerry's community. Kerry was glad that he prepared his home for the storm.
Samuel was always the smartest kid in his class. He received good grades in every course except for one. Samuel could never seem to do well in Spanish class. He began to watch all of his movies in Spanish. He caught on quickly and is now very good at it.
Emily had her first loose tooth. She could not get it to come out. Her friend gave her a handful of bubble gum. She put it all in her mouth. Within seconds her tooth got pulled out by the sticky gum.
It was Easter sunday. Amy loved easter sunday because of the chocolate. She ate so much chocolate that she was nearly sick. Every year she feels this way. She vowed to not eat as much chocolate next year.
Tim didn't want to go to church. His mother was thinking of ways to make him go. She gave him a bunch of chores to do if he stayed home. Tim agreed to the chores instead. He gladly got them done in exchange for not going.
Amanda was paying the phone bill. She saw a number listed dozens of times. She called it to find out who it was. It was a party planner her husband had hired. She had ruined his surprise!
Tim was a fat kid. His parents were trying to make him lose weight. They didn't let him eat many treats. One day they noticed he had stolen a bunch of cookies. Tim was grounded for the weekend.
When I was in elementary school I got a black eye. I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped. I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement. I fell flat on my face. I ended up having a black eye for two weeks and a scrape.
Via was working over the deep fryer one day. Grease splashed up and burned her cheek. Via hurried to cover the wound and apply cream. She tended it daily for weeks. Soon it faded to a pale pink mark.
Gina had been waiting to see Jamie all day. When she did, he didn't seem to see her. She thought they had a connection, and would be more friendly. But it was just another day where she was invisible. Gina hung her head and let out a deep sigh.
Spencer learned of bad news. He found out his mom was in the hospital. He raced to the hospital. He found her room. She was stable.
Denise was a popular hair dresser in her home town. Denise loved to color hair, but disliked coloring blonde. However, blonde was the most requested hair dye color. Denise decided to run a special for blonde hair color. Denise was shocked at the amount of people who wanted blonde hair.
I bought my son an elf on the shelf at Christmas time. My elf didn't determine whether he was naughty or nice. This elf was a trickster, pulling pranks every night while he slept. The final trick was when he awoke to find his elf proposing to Barbie. She said yes, and we pretended to have a wedding.
Tom was a beer drinker. His girlfriends offered wine instead. He was unsure about it at first. He drank more than expected. It was surprisingly pleasant.
Robert is an interior designer. He is hired by real estate companies to design show homes. He arrives on time and is dismissed immediately. Puzzled by this, he calls his boss. Roberts company got bought out and he got fired.
Two parents were scared of their child ending up a serial killer. They noticed he had certain tendencies. He would kill animals. He also had no friends because he would hurt them. They sent him off to a private school.
Hal bought a new jacket last week. When he went to put it on today, he noticed a button was missing. He asked his wife to fix it. She found a matching button and sewed it on. Hal's can now wear his jacket again.
It was the first day of the new farmer's market in town. All of the town's folk were eager to see it. The market opened and practically the whole town was there. The produce looked great and many people left with full bags. The farmer's market was a great success and was sure to continue on.
Betsy has always loved watching birds. She decides to buy a bird feeder and put it outside her window. Soon she sees many birds, including blue jays and finches. She finds that watching birds is calming and nice. Betsy is very happy that she can watch birds every day.
Kelly ordered three scoops of ice cream. She wanted to run to see her friends. In the process she dropped her cone. The entire thing fell to the ground. Kelly then had to pick it all up.
Lil liked to dress in very plain clothing. She rarely wore stripes or plaid or anything. She went to a dinner party and the how was dressed in animal print. Lil realized how she liked it and how plain her clothes were. She now owns a lot of animal print clothes.
Dan turned 21 and headed to the bar to celebrate. He never had alcohol so he asked bar patrons for suggestions. The suggested he try one of everything that was in the bar. Dan was naive and so he took their advice. Dan vomited 45 minutes later and pledged to never drink again.
Sam was in the middle of doing laundry. He all of a sudden lost his change. His clothes were in the washing machine. Sam had to go to the store to get more change. Luckily he made it back in time.
Dan recently learned of a coworker who was diagnosed with cancer. Dan decided to give her flowers, and a card filled with kind words. After Dan gave the items to the coworker, he broke down in tears. In good spirit, the coworker gave Dan a huge hug and said kind words. Dan was shocked of the kindness displayed by his coworker.
I could not afford college. I attended community college on a pell grant. I worked hard and made a 4 GPA. I was invited to join the Dean's List. It was a great honor in my opinion.
Mom took her child to the playground close to their house. The kid was playing using the slide. She accidentally hurt her arm. Mom took her to the ER. Doctors told her it was not serious injury.
Mary was going on a camping trip. She was excited because this would be her first time camping. She packed her bags and went to the campground. When she got there she was astonished by the amount of forestry. That was the moment she realized she loved nature.
One day Kelly visited her grandma. Her grandma likes to tell stories. She told a really funny story about her grandpa. Her grandpa got embarrassed. It was decided to ask grandpa next time first before telling another.
Cindy's parents were going through a divorce. Cindy's little brother was taking it particularly hard. Cindy went to her brother's room and found him crying. She sang her brother a lullaby so he could fall asleep. Cindy then went back to her room and started crying too.
Charles wanted to wrest his share of the family business from Fred. Charles knew Fred had a secret he didn't want anyone to know. Fred's conservative parents would be upset if they knew he was gay. Charles blackmailed Fred, who sold him his shares at a low price. Charles gained more business control, but his brother hated him.
Guy bought a boat off a man he knew at work. The boat was delivered to Guy the next day. Guy saw that the boat needed major work to make it seaworthy. He took notes of all of the problems on the boat. When he was done, he began to fix it starting at the top of the list.
I got called into work last night. I really did not want to go. They really needed the help. Four separate people called out. I went in for two shifts to help out.
Jake and Kathy were hanging out on a rainy day. Kathy remembered that snails like to come out in the rain. The two decided to collect a bunch of snails. They ran around gathering snails left and right. By the time they stopped they were amazed by how many snails they had.
Corey road up the hill on his bike. He ran out of energy halfway up the hill. Corey's friend passed Corey on his bike. Corey was inspired to ride harder. Corey passed his friend after fifteen minutes.
Laura hated squash a lot. In fact, she wouldn't ever eat one. One day, she went to the restaurant. She was forced to eat some squash. Now, Laura enjoys eating squash a lot.
Amy and her niece and nephew were walking in the park. It was fall and the trees had dropped their leaves. The kids began to throw arm fulls of leaves at each other. Amy ran when they tried to throw leaves at her. They kids had a great time leaf fighting with their aunt
Christian was looking for a good snack to eat during the day. He wanted something healthy but also filling. Christian decided to buy some peanuts to eat. He snacked on them all day. Christian was happy to have found a good snack to eat.
A mountain climber went to the top of the highest peak around. He danced for joy when he was at the summit. His dancing caused some rocks to slide down the mountain. The climber slipped and fell with the rocks. A tree stopped the climber's tumble and saved his life.
Izzy was trying to sleep but it was too hot. She rolled back and forth in bed in discomfort. She realized she'd never be able to sleep in the heat. Instead, she took her blankets outside to the porch. There, the cool night air relaxed her and she slept.
Max and Belle went to the corn festival. They decided to try the corn maze. They went through it and got lost! It took them hours to find their way out! Max and Belle really loved the corn maze!
Adam fell in the grass. He was sad to see he'd stained his new shirt. He ran home to his mother. He showed her the stain. Adam's mom smiled and said she could remove the stain easily.
Allie decided to invest some money. She put it away in some risky stocks. Two weeks later the market crashed. Her stocks went bankrupt. Allie then learned her lesson about investing.
Kelly was swimming at the local pool. Suddenly she was splashed by a random girl. She confronted the girl. The girl and her friends got mad and a fight started. Kelly ended up leaving the pool.
Claire was running down the hallway. As she turned the corner, knocked over a vase. As the vase fell, she instinctively reached out her hand. She caught the vase just in time. Claire learned to be more careful from then on.
The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. Between use, we caught 40 bluegill.
Gerry was concerned about his appearance. He was losing his hair. He decided to shave his head. He felt much better about his appearance. After shaving, he received many compliments on his appearance.
Misses Sky walked into her math class. She was ready to teach her students percentages. She announced to the class what the day had in store for them. Most of the students wept in disappointment. Only Misses Sky was excited on the topic of percentages.
Manny is on his way home. He notices a cat stuck under a trash can. He lifts the trash can up. The cat runs away. Manny saved the cat.
I enjoyed jalapenos and wanted to grow my own. I went to the store and bought seeds, pots and soil. I looked online for guides on growing peppers. I followed the guides, and waited for a few months. Shortly after starting, I had fresh peppers growing in my garden.
Melissa was tired of her dog making a mess in the kitchen. She bought a baby gate to keep her out. The dog couldn't climb over it. Melissa was relieved! The kitchen was no longer messed up by the bad dog.
In 2012 we visited our friends Max and Roe in NH. Max's sister had recently moved to NH and dropped by. I learned she was taking art courses. I paid her to do a painting of the pond in front of our home. She did a nice winter landscape which we proudly hung in our home.
James was failing in math class. No matter how hard he studied, he couldn't pass his tests. James decided to drop out of his math class. James signed up for an art class instead. James was able to pass his art class with flying colors.
A Jew, a Muslim, and a Christian walk into a bar. They all hit their heads. They go to the store together to buy Tylenol. The store owner thinks they are strange friends. They decide to stop wearing blindfolds when walking around town.
Meg wanted to be on the school softball team with her friends. Unfortunately, Meg wasn't very good at softball. Her friends helped her practice every day for a month. The day of tryouts came and Meg's friends cheered her on. Meg made the team!
Lauren noticed that her work clothing was becoming dated. It was time for her to update her wardrobe. Lauren went to the mall to buy a new blouse. She found one that looked amazing on her. Lauren was happy to be buying new work clothing.
Rachel had received a new assignment in class. She wasn't sure how to do it properly. She decided to email the teacher. Luckily, he emailed back with a detailed explanation. She gave the project a try and ended up earning a good grade.
I went to the beach this summer. I walked to the waves to feel the water on my feet. The waves came up to my toes and I felt the ocean on me. The water was very cold so I didn't stay long. I dried my feet and then went home.
Mary wanted her school pictures to be the best. She decided to wear makeup. Mary's mother did not allow her to wear makeup. When Mary's mother saw the pictures, she was angry. She decided that Mary had to take another picture without makeup.
Charlie dropped his laptop. The screen broke. It was basically unusable. He ordered a new screen online. He was able to fix it himself.
Janice was going to make a trip to town. She went out to her car and turned the key to start it. When the key turned, nothing happened but a small click. Janice opened the hood, and fixed the loose wire she found there. Her repairs made, she was able to make her trip successfully.
Ken wanted to learn to surf. He took his board and paddled into the ocean. When a wave came, he headed into it. Then he jumped on his board. Ken was riding the wave!
Laura took off her shoes and socks. She crawled into the wobbly castle. Up and down she jumped and tumbled. Her delighted laughter ringing through the air. She exited the bounce house and retrieved her socks and shoes.
Alex had homework due tomorrow. Alex had procrastinated all week and had to pull an all-nighter. Alex went to class uplifted that he managed to finish on time. After checking the homework page, Alex realized he did the wrong set. Alex stormed out to re-do his homework at home.
Joe's son was playing his first soccer game today. So Joe wanted to have a big party after. Joe got ribs because that was his son's favorite. Joe went to his son's game and his son won. After Joe cooked ribs on the grill and his son enjoyed them.
Alan played in the trumpet section for the Christmas parade. It was so cold as he marched down Main Street that his valves froze. He didn't have any idea what to do so he started twirling his trumpet. Before long the whole section was doing that too. It was hard to make out Jingle Bells without the trumpet section.
Jane could not find Rover anywhere. Rover was her dog, and he had been missing for three days. In desperation, she went to her local police station for help. Imagine her surprise when she walked in and saw Rover! A police officer had found him earlier that day!
Rhonda despised the popular clique of girls at school. She started writing nasty things about the girls on desks and walls. One day, Rhonda heard a girl crying in the restroom. The girl was crying because she was the subject of gossip. Rhonda realized the girl was someone she'd been writing about.
Sam was trying to pay rent. He dropped off a check at his landlord's office. He hopped his job would pay him in time. Unfortunately it didn't and his check bounced. He had to pay a fee because of it.
My first day on the job I was extremely nervous. I didn't know anyone or what to do. My supervisor gave me  vague instructions and threw me to the wolves. My co worker knew I was new and took it upon himself to train me. We became close friends and he made my time there much easier.
Marla was putting on her lipstick, and her hand slipped. She drew a long red line from her chin to her ear. She quickly grabbed a napkin and wiped it off. Marla was very afraid of clowns and clown makeup. She carefully finished putting on her makeup without further incident.
Brandon called in sick from work to go to the beach. The traffic was so bad that it took him 3 hours to get there. Once he arrived, his lunch was stolen by a flock of seagulls. Some kids trampled him when he tried to nap under his umbrella. At the end of the day, it would have been more relaxing to go to work.
Jessica went to the library. She had a goal of borrowing five books. When she got there, she found a table that had the latest releases. Instead of getting five books, Jessica borrowed ten. Jessica then went home and read the books all within a week.
Jason's girlfriend wants him to grow a beard. Jason thinks this is a great idea. Jason stops shaving. About a month later he notices that he has grown a good beard. Both Jason and his girlfriend are happy.
Tina went shopping. She had seen a new polish. She had to buy it. She couldn't wait to use it. When she tried it on it looked great.
I knew I was in huge trouble. He called my mom and asked if she knew what I had done. She told him yes, and it confused him. He hung up the phone and stared at me. He told me I would have detention for a week.
Greg has been a vegetarian for years. Today, his friends started to persuade him to eat a burger. Greg didn't want to. They aggressively tried to get him to eat one. Greg angrily left is so called friends.
Allie was watching her favorite show. Unfortunately her tv stopped working. She had to call the cable guy. When she called him, thankfully he came. Allie was relieved.
Marcus walked into the grocery store. He went to the aisle with bread. He grabbed a loaf and went to the cashier. The cashier asked why he only bought bread. He looked at her and said he was feeding pigeons.
I tried to sell my stereo system for what I thought it was worth. No one wanted to buy it. I lowered the price. Still, no one wanted to buy it. In the end, I traded it for a trailer.
Monica was reading a book on the couch. Her sister noticed the book as she walked by. She had been annoyed at her so she took the book away. She told Monica that it was her book and then left. Monica had to look online to finish her book.
Tim got a new dog. He tried to teach it fetch. The dog would not fetch. Tim kept trying for five weeks. Soon, the dog was great at playing fetch.
Jacob was at the grocery store. He decided to buy a few scratch off tickets. As he left the store he scratched the tickets. Most of the tickets were bad until suddenly one won. He was so excited to collect his hundred dollar prize.
My wife and I went to Applebee's for our anniversary. The waitress was both nice and attentive. My wife's order was under-cooked. The waitress was quick to have it corrected. We left a big tip.
The baby was sitting on the floor. His favorite cartoons was on. The episode was teaching words. The baby attempted to say them. He said them well and his mother was proud.
Amy and Jack wanted to go on a picnic on a sunny day. Amy packed a lunch. They got in the car and drove to the park as the sun shone on them. When they arrived at the park it began to rain. Amy and Jack decided to have the picnic in the car instead.
John remembered watching Fraggle Rock all the time. It was on PBS on weeknights. He would always make sure to try and catch it. He loved how they sang and danced. It was one of his favorite muppet type shows.
I went to a discipleship school in South Africa for two months. At the end, we were all preparing to leave and saying goodbye. I knew I would not see my closest friend there for a long time. I was very depressed about not having him around. Somehow 10 days later I got to see him and felt so much joy and peace!
Alexis had a gymnastics meet. A lot of people were coming to watch and she wanted to be the best. Her first event was the floor and she got a perfect ten. Next she performed on the bars and got a 9 point 9. She won two gold medals.
Mara was nominated for the ice bucket challenge. She had her mom record a video of her. Then she went outside and filled a bucket of icewater. She steeled herself and dumped the bucket over her head. Then Mara showed everyone the video of her completing the challenge!
Sam was babysitting his nieces for the first time. He didn't want to but there was no other option. At one point one needed to have its diaper changed. Sam wasn't sure what to do but tried anyway. He did much better than expected and felt proud.
My sister in law was upset today. She tried to use her Friendly's gift card. They said she had no balance on the card. I asked her if she had two cards. She suddenly remembered she had a second card in her purse.
Chad needed to get a self-storage unit to store his stuff. He called Mary's Magazine storage to check prices. Tammy called Chad back and said she only had one unit left. She also told him he'd interrupted her dinner. Chad decided to look elsewhere for a self-storage unit.
The older woman was busy in the kitchen making cookies. She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds. Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack. She heard the door open and footsteps running to the kitchen. The grandchildren were just in time for her labor of love.
Jenny loved cats. For Halloween she knew that's the costume she wanted. She and five friends agreed they'd all dress as a different cat. They looked adorable when they went out trick or treating. They gots lots of compliments as well as lots of candy.
Molly was a girl scout troop leader. She took her troop on a roller skating field trip. Molly wasn't a good roller skater. As soon as she put on her skates, she slipped and fell. Molly and her troop had a good laugh.
Cammie needed an idea for a Christmas gift for her best friend. She decided to make her a friendship bracelet. When the two girls exchanged gifts, Cammie laughed. Her friend had made her the exact same gift! The girls tied the friendship bracelets on each others' wrists!
Tom was at the mall. He went into a store and the alarm went off. Something he was wearing set it off. On the way out an employee asked him some questions. It was clear Tom hadn't stolen and he went on his way.
Janet was checking out at the store. The clerk said that they were out of bags. Instead, she offered Janet a free tote bag. Janet accepted the bag. She ended up using the tote from then on.
A couple had grown apart over the years. They mutually agreed to seek divorce. They retained lawyers, and met to dispose of the property. Instead, they realized they didn't want to part. The lawyers, however, still submitted their invoices.
Terry was writing a research paper. But she didn't have enough time to look for good sources. So she ended up using Wikipedia for her entire assignment. Terry received an F a week later. And she never used Wikipedia again for research papers again.
Living in the middle of rural Montana meant long bus rides for Justin. This journey was with his high school soccer team to play a game. After 16 hours his leg was shook by a teammate & they got off the bus. Locker room, change, warm up, stretch and Justin was ready on the pitch. They lost the coin toss & readied defense as the ref raised a whistle.
Lily always brought her dog to the store. Many people complained about the dog. One day the manager of the store to not bring the dog. Lily ignored the manager and brought the dog anyway. The next time she brought her dog, she was arrested.
Phil loved to eat. Each day, he would go to a new restaurant. He would pick an appetizer one day, an entree the next. One day, his family told him he was getting to be overweight. Phil stopped going out to eat.
Aaron found Belle's diary. Aaron really wanted to see what she had written. He knew it would be wrong to read it. Aaron returned the diary to Belle. Belle was grateful he hadn't read it.
Harry felt really sick. He went to the doctor. The doctor prescribed him meds. He got them from the pharmacy. They helped him out a lot.
Sid rode his bike to his friend's house. Sid left his bike on the sidewalk near the street. When Sid came out to go home his bike was missing! Sid thought his bike had been stolen. But Sid's mom had driven by and taken the bike home.
Today I was supposed to finished a term paper. I had about one page left when my computer crashed. Luckily I had saved the paper five minutes before. I only had to rewrite one paragraph. I finished my paper on time and got a B.
Every week at her music lesson Benisha lies. She tells her teacher that she has been practicing the flute. Benisha likes the flute, but hates to practice. Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever. This week Benisha practiced the flute every day.
I was working rather diligently. I was trying to get things done. I had a deadline. I was rather anxious. So I sped it up.
Kevin was very nervous about meeting his new supervisor, Terry. He had heard rumors about Terry being tough and unforgiving. Kevin arrived at his office and immediately Terry summoned him. Kevin was surprised to discover Terry was a woman, and was quite nice. Relieved, he silently reminded himself not to listen to office gossip.
On our way to a party the car stopped dead on an isolated road. We got out to relax by the creek while waiting for someone to pass by. We got hungry so we made picnic from the food we had for the party. Robert's brother played his guitar while his girlfriend sang. The car started right up and made it home like nothing was wrong.
Justin wanted a new look. He thought dying his hair would be fun. The dye looked terrible! Justin panicked and dyed it a different color. Now it looked even worse!
Brad was cooking dinner. He made a delicious soup. He crumbled some bacon on top. He put it in bowls for his family. They all slurped the soup down.
Tom broke his mother's vase. She demanded an explanation from him. Tom claimed that a dragon did it. She looked him deep in the eye. Tom apologized for lying about the vase.
The woman went to the gun store. She asked about a lot of guns. The sales person thought she was suspicious. He called the cops. He gave a report about the suspicious customers.
Alan is starting middle school. It is very different than elementary school. The best part is you no longer have to wear uniforms. You also have a lot more homework. Hopefully, he will have a good year.
Trevor swung his back. He connected with the ball. He ran around the bases as fast as he could. He reached third base. It was a great base hit!
Ron worked for a pizza place. He delivered the pizza's to people's house. His co worker gave him an addressed to deliver to. Ron drove to that place and delivered the pizza. Ron got a good tip.
One day Maddie went on a day trip to Michigan. First she went to Lake Michigan. Then she went to Mackinac Island. Finally she visited the Henry Ford Museum. She had a great time.
Lola was trying to make corned beef. She got it all prepared and stuck it in the oven. Then, she left and waited. Finally, it was time to check on it. Unfortunately, she had burned the beef.
Rachel went to go visit her family for Thanksgiving. She drove 5 hours to get there. After a fun holiday, she left that Friday. There was traffic everywhere, and it took her 10 hours to get home. Rachel decided she was going to fly home next Thanksgiving.
Mary was shopping at the clothing store. She saw a shirt that she liked. Mary looked for the shirt in her size. The shirt wasn't available in her size. The clerk offered to order the shirt for Mary.
Sam tried to finish her research paper at night. She overslept and ended up going to school late. Unfortunately, the printers in school were not working. Therefore, she couldn't print out her report. The professor failed her for not bringing her report.
Gina liked that her friends didn't know the cool kids. She had introduced Tami. But Gina would still sneak off to talk to them alone. Tami knew them and could talk to them now. But Gina would never go to speak with them when Tami was around.
David took his girlfriend to BBQ pulled pork restaurant. They really enjoyed their food! David's girlfriend decided to make BBQ pulled pork at home. It was very labor intensive and it took quite awhile to make. When it was done, though, it turned out very good!
Jake had wanted to be on the radio for as long as he could remember. He saw an ad for the job and called immediately. He felt really good about the interview. The radio station hired him that week. He began spinning records on the radio, just like he dreamed.
There was a dirty plate in the sink. It was crusted in cheese. Mark decided to soak it in hot soapy water. It still took a lot of hard scrubbing to get all of the cheese off. Finally, Mark was able to finish cleaning it.
George looked outside his peep hole. Two men in suits were outside his door. George opened the door telling them he wasn't interested. They busted through the door and demanded money. George was wrong to assume they were Jehovah's Witnesses.
Larry loved his grandmother. He often took her to play bingo. He was convinced into playing once. He actually won the grand prize. It made for a fun story for him and his grandmother.
Audrey hated Algebra class. When would she ever need Algebra in real life? She stopped going to class, and hung out in the parking lot instead. Her Algebra teacher called her parents in for a conference. Audrey reluctantly went back to Algebra class.
Tammy's 25th birthday was underway. She and her friends decided to go on a cruise. The initial celebrations went well, with plenty of food and drinks. As the evening went on, however, Tammy began to feel sea sick. She spent the rest of the night bedridden.
Frank wanted to buy a new blue pickup. His old one was starting to have engine problems. He found a pickup he liked but it was orange. Frank wants a blue pickup so he will keep looking. At another dealer, Frank found a pickup he liked that was blue.
Gary took a sip of the fruit punched. He was really happy since it tasted good. He asked his family about the person who made it. His mom said that Jeff made it. He immediately spit the water out.
Tom was a guard at a prison. There was a small uprising. Tom tried to help the best he could. He tried to hold a prisoner down. The prisoner suffocated and died.
The tigers were the most famous animals in the zoo. People would always stop to check them out. One day, the zoo visitors watched the tigers eat huge steaks. They ripped the meat apart. The visitors were in awe of the powerful creatures.
It was time for Missy's dental appointment. She was terrified of him, and didn't like going. He talked soothingly throughout the appointment. She realized it wasn't as bad as she thought. The cute bag with a red toothbrush she received was nice, too.
Pam's first day as a nurse was yesterday. She had been taking nursing school classes for 4 long years. Everything she had studied hard for was about to become reality. The first day on the job was the most exciting day she ever had. Pam felt that she had finally started her dream career.
David called his work and said he was sick. His boss told him he needed to come into work anyway. David drove to work. He coughed a lot during his shift. The next day, David's boss was out sick.
Kayla was always in a hurry when she was in the car. She had a bad habit of cutting people off in traffic. One day she tried to speed in front of someone who was also in a rush. The two cars collided, and Kayla broke her arm. Kayla stopped speeding after she recovered from the crash.
Tom decided to begin online dating. He found the profile of an attractive woman. Tom sent her a message. She responded with a very unusual reply. She told him to drop dead and leave her alone!
I went to my first mission trip to Peru last year. I was almost the only one who spoke some Spanish. On one of the projects I was asked to translate. The mayor came to check our progress. Because I spoke Spanish he wanted to take a picture with me!
Kelly went with her family a Chinese restaurant. To her disgust they had pigs feet on the menu. Kelly felt adventurous and decided to try it. To her surprise she actually liked it. Kelly decided to order some more.
Kim liked classic clothes and jewelry. She liked to wear pearls with everything. She felt polished and well-dressed when she had them on. She found some antique pearls at the thrift shop. They were her new favorites!
Nate arrived to the airport. Before he went indoors, he passed a metal detector. A siren went off as soon as he passed the detector. Several security guards stopped and checked his belongings. They found a pocket knife in his bag.
Sara had always wanted to be a firefighter. She worked very hard to become one. Her life as a firefighter was tough. However, she loved her job. Sara was glad she became a firefighter.
Tommy had a problem. The graveyard was on the way home from school. Tommy took the long way home because he was afraid. One day he decided to face his fear. He walked right past the graveyard and nothing happened.
I got a job as a chef. I was new to the field and I hoped I could make a career out of it. On the first day, my cooking made three people sick. Luckily, they gave me another job in the restaurant. I am now the best dishwasher they ever had.
Baylee went to her first day of summer school. She was very excited and hopeful that she would have fun. She came home at the end of the day full of exciting things to tell. She has so much fun and saw a lot of friends. Baylee couldn't wait to go back the next day.
Jess could not decide which flavor of candy to choose. She asked the store owner for a sample of two flavors. She first tasted the peppermint flavored candy. Next, she tried the spearmint candy. Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy.
My mom bought me a thermos. I filled it with hot soup. It was in my backpack for hours. I pulled it out of my bag. The soup was still very hot.
I saw a homeless man. I decided to buy him a lottery ticket. The following week, I was watching television. The news channel announced that a homeless man won the lottery. I felt jealous that he actually won from the ticket I bought
Lily is enjoying a stroll through the park. She likes to sit by the pond and feed the ducks. Today, she brought a large loaf of bread. She can feed the ducks all day. One large duck stole the whole loaf.
Kim's apartment was non-smoking. Kim was a smoker. She smoked in her apartment. Her landlord inspected her apartment one day and smelled the smoke. Kim was evicted from her apartment.
Lyle was on a date with a girl. They were walking through the park. He admitted that he had never kissed a girl. The girl smiled and offered to kiss him. Lyle leaned over and kissed her.
Jean wanted to paint her bedroom walls purple. She ordered two big canisters of purple paint. The canisters arrived three days late. Her father had already repainted the walls. She was now stuck with lime green as her new wall colors.
I hadn't washed laundry in almost 2 weeks. I hauled several hampers into the laundry room. I divided it all into about eight piles. I ended up washing clothes all day. I went to bed that night completely exhausted.
Angela couldn't wait to enter the school's singing competition. She had been practicing all week. The winner would receive five hundred dollars. Her rendition of 'My Heart Will Go On' won her first place. She decided to use the prize money to record a single.
Freda is enjoying a nice walk in the park. While walking she sees something crazy. She sees a dead person's body on the ground. Freda starts throwing up. The dead body has made her sick to her stomach.
Allie needed books for school. So she looked online. She found some that were very cheap. They were used. But when she got them they looked like new.
Rob was grounded for a week. He wasn't allowed to leave his room. His parents went out to dinner one night. Alex went to the living room and played Nintendo for hours. When he saw their headlights he ran to his room and feigned sleep.
Bryce went to the store for his mother. He was supposed to buy a pound cake and strawberries. He forgot to get the pound cake. Bryce returned to the store for the pound cake. The store was out of pound cake and his mother was furious.
Sam was very patriotic. He loved the fourth of July. He always threw a big party. This year he had a big barbecue and fireworks display. His friends and family really enjoyed it.
Jimmy went to a baseball game with his girlfriend. Upon reaching the gate, he realized he had forgotten the tickets. The two turned around and headed down North Street. They eventually found a scalper selling tickets for double the price. Jimmy was embarrassed, but nevertheless enjoyed the game with his girl.
Rebecca loved coffee. She was a fein for caffein. She went to the doctors for a recurring headache. The doctor told her that coffee was the cause of this pain. Rebecca now lives with a constant headache.
Stacy was scheduled for an interview. She was excited. All the sudden though she woke up late. Stacy was horrified. Now she would never get the job.
The team had practiced for months. They had a big game. The game was a sell out. They did well against their opponent. However, they still did not win.
Hannah had recently started a new job. She liked it a lot except for one mean coworker. The woman would always make snide and passive aggressive comments. Hannah decided to mention this to one of her friendlier coworkers. Luckily, the woman had some great advice and Hannah felt confident.
Allie was working. She was on her laptop. All the sudden she lost power. She was scared. She had no backup.
George was really hungry late one night. He decided to get fast food. At the drive through he couldn't decide what to get. He asked the workers for suggestions. They hooked him up with good options.
My friend and I walked to the basketball court. When we came, a group of friends walked towards us. They were mad and said that no one is allowed here. Since they were twice our size, we can away. We felt relieved after leaving the park.
My husband and I are going on vacation. My little dog has to be boarded. She hates being boarded. Instead of boarding, my in-laws will be watching our dog. She will be happier and safer with them than a kennel.
Todd went to church with his grandma. The people in the church seemed very uncomfortable by Todd. At one point, the pastor began to harass Todd, calling him a druggie. Todd got up and left, as his grandma called for him to stay. Todd decided he would never go back to church.
Lea likes to help her mother cook in the kitchen. She decided to make brownies. She gathered all the ingredients, including her favorite chocolate. She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan. Lea cooked the brownies and served them warm for dessert.
Gina's wanted to leave Illinois and go back to Minnesota. She was waiting for her parents to tell her they were leaving. Her father and mother had been at a party all day. At 11 PM they were both still drinking. Gina knew they wouldn't be going home the next day.
Tom wanted to eat breakfast. He realized he was out of milk. It was a key ingredient in several key dishes. Tom decided to skip breakfast entirely. He bought milk later in the day for the next morning.
Carl's parents bought him an expensive car when he got his license. Carl was careless and drove too fast. Within a week of getting his new car, Carl wrecked it. Carl's parents bought him another new car. Carl's parents were just as irresponsible as Carl was.
Phillip made papier mache masks in his spare time. Phil's friends told him that they were wonderful and should be sold. Phil told them that he had not intention of selling them. Phil's friends were confused. Philip preferred to make the masks for his own enjoyment.
Ken considered himself a big drinker. He was at a bar one night. A stranger challenged him to a drinking challenge. Ken accepted and won easily. Ken got an even bigger ego about his drinking problem.
Zoey was wondering where to go on spring break. She couldn't decide in time. All her friends went to Malibu. Zoey stayed at home and played Call of Duty instead. She made friends online, and didn't regret not going.
Jason was enjoying a nice cold beverage. Coke A Cola was his favorite drink. He was addicted to drinking it. Jason was working late at night and got a thirst. Jason went to get a cup full and it was all gone!
I was out shopping with some friends. We were taking pictures of each other. Suddenly, my phone dropped. All of my pictures were deleted. Luckily, we saw this as an opportunity to take more good pictures.
Marie was noticing her food was going missing. She suspected her roommate was stealing her food. Marie bought a small refrigerator for her room. She began to put all her food in her room. Marie's food didn't disappear anymore.
Lisa loved cake. She decided to make her own. She got all the ingredients to make it. When she was done she tasted it. It was the best cake she ever tasted.
I have a one acre garden. The garden needs all of the topsoil to be removed. So I work in the garden shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow. I then take the dirt down the hill and dump it. When I am done we will have many good vegetables to eat.
Fern usually excels in math. During today's test, she just couldn't get it. Her brain felt foggy. After grading, her teacher was shocked at how poorly Fern did. She allowed Fern to retake the test.
Kate wanted to nap in the car on a road trip. Ideally she would be able to lay down in the back seat. But there were too many people in the car for that. She fell asleep sitting upright with her head back. She woke up with her face on the hot window glass.
Tom placed a dollar in the vending machine. He selected a drink however, it got stuck. He tried to place his hand in the dispenser. However, the dispenser trapped his hand. The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine.
Tim was running for local office. He was leading in the polls. His opponents unearthed private e-mails of his. They made it seem like Tim was doing evil things. His support plummeted and he lost the race.
Our family used to sometimes drive two cars to church. Some children rode in one car and some in the other. One Sunday we realized our brother had been left at church. When we went back to get him, he was walking home. He was so angry about being left, he didn't want to get into the car!
Bob studied hard in high school to get good grades. Bob applied to a good college. Bob got accepted to the college. In college Bob studied hard to meet the requirements. Bob met the requirements and graduated from college with a degree.
My mom bought a bird when I was six. It was the meanest bird ever. It would purposely fly out of the cage to attack me. I assumed it would die in a few Year's. But after 19 Year's I'm convinced it's gonna live forever.
Jim and Howard moved from the city onto a farm. They wanted to grow their own food for once. They planted carrots, potatoes, corn, asparagus, and wheat. The crops grew so well that the two men had to jar most of it. That winter they were able to live solely off their massive harvest.
Fatima was the only woman in her family since her mom died. Everyone was counting on her to take care of everything. One day, she had enough and left. She made a new life for herself to stop taking care of others. But as she became a waitress, she waited on others anyway.
It was the last day of school. Kate wanted to spend the night at her friend Sue's. But Sue was spending the summer with her grandma in Maine. Jane realized they wouldn't see each other for months. The girls stood hugging each other and crying.
Kelly needed a new sitter. She searched everywhere for one. She held numerous interviews. Finally she found the one she wanted. She hired her.
Bill was really tired of his ridiculous boss and unfair company. Bill decided to become his own boss. Bill hired a web developer, having a website built. Bill began selling services online. Now Bill is one of the world's most successful internet entrepreneurs.
Billy really enjoyed coffee. Often, he'd go to a coffee shop to try new types. He tried every type of coffee available to him from the shop. As he had no new ones to try, Billy decided to go to the source. He flew out to Nicaragua the next week to get it fresh.
My dad was in the navy when he was younger. But ever since then he hasn't been great on boats. Any time he is out on the water he feels sick. There was one time when we went deep sea fishing. The poor man was leaning over the boat the whole time being sick.
Jean had to be in the office early for a client meeting. She got dressed in the dark so as not to wake her husband. When she got to the office, she realized her shoes didn't match. She kept her feet tucked under the table during the meeting. No one noticed she was wearing two different shoes.
Gloria met her new roommate online. When the two women met face to face, Gloria got a surprise. Kate, the other woman, was deaf. She could read lips, but she often got things wrong. It was a hard adjustment, but they eventually became best friends.
Timmy found a cat while walking home from school. He posted flyers and posters all around town. He waited by the phone with the cat on his lap, purring. After four weeks, Amy called to claim her cat. Timmy lied and said the cat had died.
The father went to the toy store. He bought a toy car. He wrapped it up. He gave the gift to a stranger. The stranger threw the gift away.
Scott wanted to become an astronaut but was afraid of heights. So his father bought him plastic balls of all shapes and some stars. They decorated Scott's room together. When they were done, they looked up in amazement. The ceiling had planets and shiny stars for Scott to see every night.
Jacob was a skateboarder. He wanted to impress his friends, who were also skaters. In order to do that, Jacob tried to kickflip down a set of 6 stairs. Jacob landed on his ankle wrong, and was unable to stand back up. Jacob had to go to the hospital to get his ankle x-rayed.
Michael loved to play pranks. When his mother wasn't looking he changed the salt for some sugar. So his mother sugared her chicken without noticing it. When she took a bite, she spat it right away. And Michael exploded in a fit of laughter saying he was responsible.
Angelique relocated for a new job. She moved all the way from Seattle to New Mexico. She had just finished unpacking when her company relocated. Now she is packing again to move to North Carolina for her job. Angelique told me she wished she had never left Seattle.
Jared was going through his pile of bills. He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman. A few days later, he received another bill. It was a late charge on the water bill. He found out that the bill was sent to the wrong recipient.
It was the end of the school year. Max had studied long and hard for his final exam. He came prepared and with a full breakfast in his belly. The exam was difficult, but Max got through it quickly. Max confidently aced his final exam.
Amy's husband hit her hard enough to make her bleed. She packed all of her stuff and left. She told the police everything and they arrested her husband. She filed for divorce and moved far away. Amy feels very happy and safe now.
He practiced in the mirror for hours. He practiced what he would say. But it all sounded bad. So he decided to wing it. John saw her and asked her out and she said yes.
Tyler is learning to drive. While pulling out of the driveway he hits something. He looks to see what he hit. He had hit the family dog. The family dog died.
I used to be in girl scouts when I was little. Our troop was out camping in the woods. When we were walking through the woods we found a snake. The snake was small and green like a leaf. We grabbed it and moved it off the path to safety.
We were really bored the other night. We could not find anything to do. We decided to make up our own game. We set up a bunch of paper plates on the floor. We then jumped around as if hot lava was the floor.
Robert plays the lottery scratch off tickets every single day. He has won some money, but lost some too. One day he hit his biggest winnings yet. He scratched off a $250,000 winner. This has only convinced him to play more often.
Sam was playing his nintendo wii. He got too excited during a game. He threw the remote too hard toward the screen. The strap snapped and the remote went flying. Sam needed to buy a new screen.
Sir Roger was a knight in shining armor. He entered the local joust. He competed against Sir Errol, who was the superior knight. Errol's lance smashed through Roger's shield. Roger should have paid for protection rather than looks.
Nick and his friend John were eating lunch at work. John liked to tell jokes and Nick loved to listen to them. One day, John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed. Unfortunately, Nick began choking on his banana. John did the Heimlich maneuver and saved John's life.
Jim was cold. He ran into his house and grabbed a sweatshirt. The sweatshirt was very warm and fuzzy. After a few minutes, he was too hot. Jim just couldn't get comfortable!
An emergency announcement came over the loudspeaker at work. A big snowstorm was headed towards my city. All employees were being released early as a safety precaution. I decided to try to outrun it and get home before it hit. I made it home safely and was glad my car and house were prepared.
Tina joined a gym. She needed to work out. At the end she was starving. Thankfully her gym had a restaurant. So she ate there.
A professor gave a test so hard that even he would fail it. The students created very elaborate ways to cheat to pass this. The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class. The next day there was only one student left in the class. The professor commended the student on being the best cheater.
I was making a left turn. I looked left and right. I went to make the turn. Out of nowhere came a car to my left. I drove into the side of their car.
Betty went clothes shopping, but was in a rush. She picked out some nice things but didn't try them on. Once she was home she tried her new things on. None of the clothes Betty chose fit her right. Betty realized how important it is to try on before you buy.
Jason was visiting the zoo. He had a sandwich in his bag. Jason fed the sandwich to a bird through the fence. A zoo employee caught Jason. Jason was kicked out of the zoo.
Christina was at her grandma's house. Her grandma was teaching her to make an egg sandwich. She explained that the egg could be made in the microwave. Christina was amazed that the eggs came out well like that. From then on, she microwaved her eggs.
I had no school today since it's Veteran's Day. Therefore, I decided to go to the park with my friends. We mostly played basketball together. Eventually, it started to rain outside. As a result, we went home early.
Kelsi really wanted a new car. Problem was she could not afford one. She decided to she was going to buy one used. So she went to the used dealership. Thankfully they gave her a good used one.
Jeff's daughter was just a few months old. He was hosting her baptism. All the family gathered around. It was a beautiful ceremony and reception. Jeff felt very blessed to have such a beautiful daughter.
Kim was eating a sucker. A piece broke off and fell on the floor. She hadn't realized it was there. One ant found the sugar and told the rest. 2 hours later the floor was crawling with ants.
Amy and Kim were playing in Amy's backyard. Kim dared Amy to do a backflip. Kim did the flip, but slipped when she landed. She slid in the grass and stained her pink shorts. Kim was sad since they were her favorite shorts.
Cody had outgrown his sneakers. He went to the shoe store. There, he selected a new pair. He paid for them and immediately put them on. It was a relief to have shoes that fit properly again!
Jordan was walking around the mall with her friends. She had some candy in her pocket along with some money. At one point she reached into her pocket for a bite. Instead she found melted candy sticking inside. Her dress was ruined from the candy stains.
A new football team started up in a small town. They practiced every day for three months in the summer. They challenged the New York Jets to a game. The Jets came to town and accepted the challenge. The new football team won the game by a field goal.
Drake loved to sing songs in the mirror. He hoped that one day he would be a great singer. He practiced really hard, using a hairbrush as a pretend microphone. A video of him was taken by his mum of him doing this. The video went viral and Drake's talent was spotted online.
Norm woke up early one winter morning. It was brutally hot in his apartment. Norm went and checked the thermostat. In the living room he saw what the problem was. The front door was open which caused the heat to continually run.
Amber went to see a movie with her dad. Afterwards she was very hungry. He suggested that maybe they could go out to eat. She mentioned maybe going to Texas Roadhouse. Her dad really like that idea, and they went.
Marissa hated to run, but she felt out of shape. A friend suggested she try a specialized running program. Marissa reluctantly agreed. The first week of running felt like torture. By the eighth week, Marissa could easily run a 5k.
Leah's whole family made candy for Christmas every year. They would all come over and make a party of it. They made many different types of candy. When the candy was done, they divided it up and sent some to friends. They took the rest of the candy home and enjoyed it.
Joanie was casted for a reality show. While she was doing the show, they bossed her around a lot. The show was scripted and not reality at all, to her chagrin. Joanie decided to go behind the camera instead of in front. She became a successful producer and director.
I went on a ski trip this weekend. Before I even got to ski, I tripped on the stairs. I couldn't walk on my foot. I went for an X-Ray. They told me it was broken and gave me a cast.
She couldn't get to sleep last night. The baby woke up early. Her eyes are open, but her mind is very dreary. All she wants is a good night's rest. Tonight might be the night she sleeps.
Mike was quite talented, and had a good job. His community decided he should buy a house. Why people decided this is a mystery, but it does happen. He began to be stalked, and eventually moved away. Mike now lives in a better area and has a nice McMansion.
I was feeling down. I went to the doctor. He said I had the flu. He gave me some medicine. I overcame the flu within the week.
Kyle was struggling to finish his essay. He went to scrounge through research papers at his school library. Kyle finally found a valuable article. Kyle worked all night putting finishing touches to his essay. Kyle was relieved to finally turn it in.
Margaret had been not feeling well for several years. Her doctor told her she only had a short time to live. Margaret had decided she would go on a vacation while she felt well. The morning of her vacation Margaret fell down the steps. She broke her hip and did not go on a vacation.
Kevin and Tom loved practical jokes. They were going to switch places to trick everyone in the house. Tom was much bigger than Kevin so he couldn't wear Kevin's clothes. Kevin put on Tom's clothes and filled them out with a pillow. Tom's sister came in and caught him in his underwear while he waited.
Jamie was riding in a canoe. She noticed something white and shiny in the distance. She decided to go and check it out. It took her quite a while to paddle over to the object. When he finally reached it, he saw that it was a dead fish.
Seth had quit heroin a year ago. One day an old friend called him up. He asked if Seth wanted to hang out with him. Seth missed him, but he knew the friend still did drugs. He refused so he wasn't tempted to relapse.
Kim was a slow typist. So she wasn't able to type a long essay quickly. But she found an online typing test game. She played it everyday. And Kim became a fast typist.
Kate's mom bought paint to paint the living room. Kate thought it looked pink and suggested she not use it. Her mother swore it was brown. Her mother decided to use the paint anyway. They ended up with a purple living room.
We had only Italian style pizzas in Boston in the sixties. In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened. The pizzas were thicker. For a few years we ate only Greek style pizza. Most of the shops are now gone.
Carla had skipped her lunch. She was starting to get hungry. Carla left work. On the way home she stopped at a fast food restaurant. Carla ate at the restaurant.
Ray wanted some milk. So he went to his refrigerator and got some. But when he tried it, it tasted different from what he expected. He realized he got soy milk instead of cow's milk. But he didn't mind this accident.
Gina's crush was missing from school for 2 days. Her little brother was friends with his youngest brother. She decided she would ask her brother about Jamie. But he was young, fidgety, and had no answers. Gina still had no clue where Jamie was.
Bob was surprised to learn his u-haul rental was at a propane company. They didn't seem too concerned with customer service. Their system didn't have a record of him. Bob had printed out all of his reservation information. The clerk at the counter reluctantly honored it.
Kathleen had just had braces put onto her teeth. Her gums were insanely sore but she had no ice or cold food. To soothe the pain she attempted to eat many cold yogurts. Still the pain persisted. Luckily, her dad arrived with a surprise milkshake for her.
There was a new gelato shop around the corner. Alicia wanted to try it. When she tried it it was great. Unfortunately though there was a long line. But the line was worth it.
Horatio had always thought all gins tasted the same. One day his sister invited him to a gin tasting event. Horatio sampled many different gins that day. His favorite was very dry and crisp tasting. He no longer thought that all gins were alike.
The girl and her mom went to the pet store. She heard an animal crying. She walked up to it. She pet the cat. They then decided to buy the cat.
The farm immigrant's daughter faced discrimination. She complained to her family. Her family listened to her concerns. They collectively blamed the natives' nasty soul. They laughed at the native when they were out in a group.
John wanted to prank his roommate, Jay. John stretched transparent plastic wrap across the toilet seat. In the middle of the night John woke up to use the bathroom. John was tired and a little foggy. John used the toilet, forgetting about the plastic wrap!
Ron wanted to run for president. He decided he would need a successful career first. He wanted to apply to law school. He took all of the prerequisite classes. Unfortunately, he failed them.
Jake was riding his skateboard outside. He was trying to grind a rail in the park. He jumped on his skateboard. He fell awkwardly on his side. Luckily, Jake was uninjured from his attempt.
Rashad gets really into Halloween. He loves to dress up and hear the compliments on his costume. This year he dressed up as a scary hot dog, a halloweeny. No one even cared about his costume they just him. It turned out the costume was completely see thru.
My first roommate and I in college didn't really get along. One day she decided to rearrange the room. The way she arranged it gave her all the space. Appalled at her selfishness, I remained bitterly silent. The next year I lived with a close friend instead.
Lucy had to get a tetanus shot. She was shaking to the doctor. When she got there they got the shot ready. It was very painful. Lucy began to cry.
Mary's cat keeps grooming her nails on the couch. She buys her cat scratching post. Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks. She neglects to replace the scratching post. Her cat rips out a section of the couch while grooming its claws.
Oscar was a very creative and artistic child. His mother wanted to help nurture that creativity. Oscar's mother bought him some sidewalk chalk. Oscar used his sidewalk chalk creatively and made many drawings. Oscar continued making artwork as he grew up.
Charles' favorite artist was scheduled to perform at a club. Charles was surprised, his favorite artist doesn't come to town often. But the show cost twenty dollars to enter and dress clothes required. Charles didn't have money or dress shoes so he couldn't go. He sent the artist an apology over Facebook.
Frank was excited to enter a Halloween costume contest. He used his special effects skills to transform into an amazing alien. As Frank lined up for the contest, people raved about his look. Then, loud whistles signaled the arrival of a scantily clad female. She took top prize, leaving Frank sad and a little wiser.
Anna missed seeing hummingbirds all the time. She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio. She waited for days to see a hummingbird. When she had almost given up hope, two showed up! Anna was so happy to see the little red-chested birds again.
Ben and his friend Curly we're going climbing in Venezuela. They trekked through the jungle until they reached a tall plateau. They started ascending a narrow staircase to the top. On the summit, they were surrounded by clouds. They tried taking a selfie, but all that showed up was fog.
In 2014, I stopped at a sanctuary on a job call. I had to fix a computer for a monk, who made wine and fruit cake. They sold the wine and fruit cakes locally, so I purchased a cake. It was the most delicious cake I'd ever had, and I hate fruit cake. I realized that day that commercial fruit cakes are not the real thing.
Kylie was starting middle school soon. Today was her orientation. She was nervous because she didn't know anyone there. Luckily one of her friends found her at lunch. With a friend behind her, Kylie was much less scared.
On Saturday our family watches baseball games. We park by the stadium. Order snacks. We sit in the bleachers near home plate. The game starts and we watch all 9 innings.
The woman was speeding on the highway. It got time for her to get to her exit. She proceeded to the exit. She went too fast around the circling exit. She flipped her car off the curb and died.
Jessie wanted to run a marathon. She didn't train very hard. She entered the race anyway. She wasn't able to finish. She decided that she would train harder next time.
A little Molly wanted to play with her older sister Ann. Ann was not interested in playing. Molly tried to draw sister's attention. She threw Lego on the floor. Ann started to yell at Molly.
I decided to have a dinner party for all of my friends. I went to the grocery store to purchase all of the groceries. Suzie came over to help me cook. We made lasagna and french bread. Everyone loved the dinner party.
The family had taken a great family photo. The mom put it in a frame on the wall. They all admired how great the photo was. Every time she looked at it, she smiled. She decided to add other family photos as well.
Laura and Max were camping. They were in one of their favorite spots, reminiscing. Suddenly, Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her. Then he pulled out a ring and proposed. Laura was so excited, and she said yes right away.
I woke up one night to loud noises. I got up to find the source of the noise. I heard faint barking outside my backdoor. I looked out the window and saw a dog barking at my door. I went back to bed.
Lucy was new to sewing. She wanted to make a tote, but had only ever made a pillow. The tote proved to be considerably more difficult. Lucy worked for hours sewing, ripping seams, and resewing. When she finished 5 hours later she was proud of all her hard work.
Belle was visiting her grandma in Chile. She had a long tiring flight and taxi to her grandma's home. But when she arrived, she was eager and energetic. She could not wait to visit with her grandma! The two women had a wonderful time catching up and chatting.
Matthew had trouble sitting in his chair at school. He would fall out several times each school day. His teacher was afraid he might get hurt. She set up a meeting with Matthew's parents. Matthew's parents agreed to have him evaluated by a pediatrician.
Tom was the supervisor at work. Unfortunately, Tom hated his job. One day Tom's boss accused him of stealing office supplies. The accusation infuriated Tom. So, Tom quit and walk off the job on the spot.
Cedric was hoping to get a big bonus at work. He had worked hard at the office all year. Cedric's boss called him into his office. Cedric was disappointed when told there would be no bonus. Cedric's boss surprised Cedric with a big raise instead of a bonus.
Many people travel to Grafton for ziplining. The area is known for amazing views of the Mississippi River. At the zipline, they first show everyone safety tips. Participants gear up in special equipment. With the help of instructors, people are able to zip with no problems.
Kay decided she wanted a puppy. She asked her daddy, but he said no. He wasn't sure she could handle the responsibility. But Kay wheedled and whined and pleaded. After a week of begging, her daddy finally agreed!
Our daughter watched the Disney Winnie the Pooh show in 1987. Now she has her own 2-year old daughter. Recently she played the show on Netflix. Her daughter was fascinated with the show. She watches it every day now.
Ben saved up money for a year. His plan was to take his son to Disney World. On Christmas morning Ben told his son the good news. Ben's son jumped up and down with excitement. Ben was very happy to see his son so excited.
Carl bought a new pair of boots. He needed to break them in. It took him a long time to do so. It was well worth it. Carl felt very comfortable wearing them.
Anthony responded to the job ad in the paper. He showed up for the interview. He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car. He settled down and completed the interview. The next week, he received a job offer.
Jane was drinking wine. She accidentally spilled some on the carpet. The carpet was shag white. Jane tried everything to clean it up to no avail. She had to get it professionally cleaned.
Becky decided to start a study group. She got some friends together to meet after school. To her surprise more people started joining. Becky was thrilled. They were all so prepared they aced the exam.
My sister-in-law V was visiting last weekend. She saw my daughter, who is pregnant. V approached my daughter and asked to be the baby's godmother. My daughter did not answer her. We think V was bold to ask such a thing.
A New Mexican restaurant opened up. It looked good. Nance wanted to go. When she went she loved it. She was happy it was good.
Steve decides that he wants to visit the aquarium. He gets the day off work so he can go. At the aquarium, Steve sees many beautiful fish. He has a terrific day. Steve is glad that he visited the aquarium.
Ana was playing in the snow with her brother. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Anna felt a pain in her cheek. She saw that the snowball had had a rock in it. Her brother apologized and they quit fighting.
Tom loved watching movies. Tom spent all of his free time at the movie theater. After high school, Tom decided to try to work in the film industry. Tom moved to California to pursue his goal. Tom became a movie star and has been in 43 movies so far.
The tickets had been purchased the prior day. The first attendees began to arrive. Once everyone was settled, Joel took a headcount. Everyone strapped on their gear. As a unit, they headed out to the mountain for a day of skiing.
Last summer, the kiddo and I went to Branson, Missouri. We were on an extended vacation. We drove around town all day, looking for cool things to do. We stopped at several shows, including the Dixie Stampede. The boy's favorite was driving The Duck into the river.
Mr Smith went to the local coffee shop. He talked to another customer while he was in line. The customer offered Mr Smith a job. Mr Smith accepted. Mr Smith brought the customer a cup of coffee on his first day.
Missy was going on a flight with her family. They were about to board when an attendant approached them. She let them know that first class seats had become available. Missy and her family were thrilled and took the seats. The whole flight was awesome.
Jon's phone broke, so he had to get a new one. He spent several hours driving to the nearest Apple store. When he got there, he found out what the prices of the phones were. He ended up paying, begrudgingly. In the end, he felt that it was worth it.
The floorboard above Cindy's head creaked again. She sat rigidly upright in her bed, listening. There it was again, louder! Cindy began to tremble in fear. Her dad shouted down from the attic to her mom he couldn't find it.
Sally had several cramps around her stomach. She just found out that she was going to labor. Since I was the only person home, I quickly drove her to the hospital. While we were in the car, she was constantly complaining. She was crying throughout the trip until we arrived at the hospital.
Judd loved his monster truck. He loved showing how loud it was even more. His neighbors didn't appreciate his persistent revving. One day he revved the engine too hard that it died. Judd realized that he should take better care of his truck.
The laundromat ruined Ed's favorite shirt. Ed decided to seek revenge on his foes. He took some work pants and filled the pockets with junk. He used paints, ink, glitter and whatever he could find. Ed tossed the pants in the laundromat machine and started it.
Eric hated taking the bus to school. So he decided to learn how to drive. Within a month, he got his license. But every morning, he sped to school. After his license was revoked, he had to take the bus again.
Whitney was meeting her best friend for dinner. They had agreed on a Mexican restaurant. Whitney got there first and reserved a table. Brooke called Whitney to ask where she was. They apparently went to the same place but in different towns.
Jessica needed a part time job at college. She decided to be a nude model for art classes. The job paid very well. She found her part time job and loved it. She was a happy college student.
Sam brought several ingredients from the store. She prepared some seasoning for her chicken. Once the food came out of the oven, the family got together. They were disgusted from the food  since the chicken was over-seasoned However, they thanked Sam for her hard work.
Patty had a big window in her bedroom. She couldn't pick out curtains for it. She kept buying them and taking them back. Nothing looked just right. Finally, Patty decided to install some blinds instead.
Susan has a new recipe for pumpkin pie. You have to make it with fresh pumpkin. I love almost anything pumpkin. SHe promised to let me know when she makes it. I will be right there to taste it when it is ready.
Tina absolutely hated her job. Each day was worse than the one before and she was unhappy. After she arrived at work one morning, she decided to make a change. Tina quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her. Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together.
Adam had a big meeting at work the next day. He needed to go to bed earlier than usual. He made sure to set an alarm so he would not be late. His alarm did not go off like it was supposed to. He overslept and was late to the meeting.
The man put on his watch. His watch was not running. He took his watch off. He shook the watch. The watch started running again.
A bag of money fell off a Brinks truck in South Philadelphia. Joey Coyle picked up the bag which contained hundreds of thousands. He spent the money on friends, family, and partying. Eventually, the FBI caught him and he was sent to prison. Joey committed suicide behind bars.
Cindy's skin was getting bad. Her face was breaking out. Cindy went to the dermatologist. He prescribed a special cream. Cindy's acne went away.
Billy's baseball team had made the championship game. The game was tied at the bottom of the ninth inning. Billy swung twice and missed. On the next pitch, Billy connected and hit a homerun! His team won and they all cheered for Billy!
Tom wanted to steal a pair of headphones. He wanted to do it to impress his friends. He visited his local store to steal them. Tom managed to steal the headphones without getting caught. But Tom felt guilty and immediately went back to buy them.
Missy's birthday was coming up. I wanted to get her something special. However, I didn't have much money. I made a necklace for her. She loved it and was touched that I made it for her.
Bill decided to climb a mountain. He packed a tent and gear to camp and hike for days. He drove to the base of the mountain. He began climbing the mountain. He eventually made it to the top of the mountain.
Tom was putting up posters. He dropped a thumb tack on his bed. He tried looking for it but never found it. When he was sleeping later he found it. It got stuck in his arm.
On Christmas Eve, I realized I hadn't bought gifts for anyone. When my family went to bed, I snuck into town. After arriving, I searched every street for any store that was open. Finally, I found a wine store that was open for ten more minutes. By closing time, I had bought every bottle of their champagne.
Gary and his friends always egged on another for Halloween. Every year, they would purchase five dozens of eggs. In addition, they would purchase rain coats and helmets. They would go to the fields and begin to throw eggs at each other. Gary and his friends loved their fun Halloween tradition.
Today was the big day. Josh had been studying for a very important test. He had been having trouble in English class. So, he worked very hard to make sure he would pass this test. All of his hard work paid off after he received his passing grade.
Donny woke up feeling very hungry. He cooked a few slices of bacon to eat. They tasted delicious. Donny was glad he had some bacon. He no longer felt hungry.
Esteban was learning to play the guitar. He went to his girlfriend's house to serenade her. He played underneath her window. The window open, and an angry old woman appeared. She said his girlfriend lived the next street down.
Kacey was making whipped cream. She put heavy cream in a cold bowl. Then, she added some sugar. She used a mixer to make it fluffy. Finally, she put the whipped cream on hot cocoa.
Tim always wanted to fly an airplane since he was a child. Tim decided to make his dream come true. Tim googled a company that trained would be pilots to fly. Tim signed up for flying lessons. Tim got his pilot's license and now flies planes.
My friend's grandson was crossing the street when he was hit by a car. Paramedics rushed him to the hospital, but he had no brain activity. His parents were devastated when doctors advised there was no hope. The boy's organs were harvested to help those in need of transplants. Then, he was taken off life support and passed away peacefully.
Jill fell asleep with her hair color in! She was panicked as she jumped into the shower to wash it out. When she looked into the mirror, her hair was bright orange. She called her friend to ask her to pick up a dark color dye. Together they were able to get her hair back to dark brown.
Jenna wanted to give her kids healthy snacks. She decided they would like raisins. She bought a box and gave them to them after school. They hated them! Jenna caved and gave them cookies instead.
Richard was sitting at his computer. Suddenly he noticed several ants crawling across his desk. Richard grabbed a nearby can of bug spray. He proceeded to spray the entire area with it. The ants died.
Mike and Cathy went canoeing on the river. They paddled down the water past rocks and trees. A water snake started swimming toward them. Cathy screamed in terror. Mike and Cathy paddled as fast as they could to get away.
Yesterday someone knocked at my door. It was a person trying to sell knives. He wanted to demonstrate them to me. I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives. He continued to try as I shut the door.
Tim was at the school dance. All of the students were nervously hanging near the wall. Tim decided that he had enough. He randomly started moon walking across the floor. This made everyone comfortable enough to dance the night away.
Tom was called into his boss's office. He was being fired for something he didn't do. Tom explained that it was a different employees fault. His boss didn't seem to listen. Tom was forced to vacate immediately.
Jacob was in his seat. He was a mixture of nervous and excited. The plane taxied to its spot. The pilot hit full throttle and they were moving. Jacob was off and on his first airplane flight.
Shelley had a math test in school on Friday. She was nervous because she hadn't really studied. She figured she would just stay up all night Thursday and study. Fortunately her mom helped her study all week long. On Friday she passed and didn't even have to lose sleep.
Amy was at the mall with a friend. She saw a pair of short shorts she liked. She bought them and hid them at home. When her mom found them she yelled at Amy. Amy didn't care about the yelling, but was hurt to lose the shorts.
Bertha's sixth birthday was coming up soon. All she wanted was a party with her friends. Her parents carefully planned an extravagant party. Bertha enjoyed herself. Her parents were very proud of the job they had done.
Fred is turning 18 and getting his license soon. He begged his parents for a new car. His parent's told him he would have to work for it. Fred was determined to get that new car. He took a job that summer to afford his car.
Things are getting a little rowdy at Sam's bar. So he hires a bouncer. Everybody quickly becomes afraid of his terrible temper. Sams wants to fire him but he doesn't dare. Luckily the bouncer quits on his own.
Katie wanted to buy a new dress. She was going to the school dance and wanted to look great. However, she did not have extra money. She did have enough to buy fabric. Katie designed and sewed a dress and looked fabulous.
The family hadn't been away in years. They decided to take a vacation. They talked about what location would be best. They settled on the beach. They were excited to finally book the trip!
Tom was a farmer. It was the season to harvest hay. He worked all day long to get his hay harvested. The next morning, he came out to find one of the bales gone! His goats had eaten it all up.
I had always been afraid of bats. While vacationing in the Dominican Republic, I went into a cave. There were a few bats and I was on the defense. But the cave was so beautiful, I appreciated the bats' home. I never feared bats after that.
Gemma was planting flowers in her garden one spring. She planted a strange pack of seeds her neighbor gave her. A few weeks later, Gemma realized it wasn't flowers at all. Watermelons had started to grow and had squashed her flowers. Gemma snuck into her neighbor's yard and cut all their flowers.
John was finally old enough to ride the bumper cars at the fair alone. He always had to be a passenger. Now he could drive at last. He spent the entire time chasing down his big brother. As soon as the ride was over he got back in line for more.
At the grocery store Jenny was about to pay for her groceries. She pulled out her wallet to hand over the money to the cashier. At that moment the lady behind her swiped her credit card. Jenny was so surprised about this random act of kindness. The lady told her to pay it forward next time and gave her a hug.
Zach and Trevor's parents split up when they were young. In court, the dad won split custody of them. They now go to their moms one week, and there dads the next. This has been really bad for developing Trevor and Zach. Now they're all grown up, and the parents wonder why they're distant.
Gina's family was driving back to Minnesota. They had their grandpa's car, and a moving truck. All the kids wanted to ride in the truck. But her mother insisted they ride in the car. They all fought for who got the front seat in the car.
Danny was a dwarf, and his friends used to prank him. He got so fed up of this, that he had suicidal plans. But he saw the gleaming face of his daughter, and refuted. He used to see the face of his daughter, and worked harder day by day. Eventually, his friends dwarfed against his achievements.
Jake was unpacking his belongings from his truck. He had just moved into a new apartment. He dropped a box of full of his dinner plates. The plates shattered all over the ground. Jake cleaned up the mess afterwards with a vacuum.
Brandon found a lost cat. He took the cat to the vet. The vet found that the cat was microchipped. The microchip company found the owners of the cat. Brandon returned to cat to her family.
Rita patrolled parking meters and left tickets on violating cars. One day Rita encountered a man in a suit who she had given a ticket. The man was angry with her, but found her too lovely to argue with. The man later wrote a song about how lovely he found Rita to be. Rita loved the song, and it made her happy while working the meters.
Jackson had always had back pain after working. His job required him to stand for a long time. Finally a coworker recommended he buy a new pair of shoes. Jackson bought new shoes that were very comfortable. Finally his back pain was gone.
Jerry is walking home from school. When Jerry arrives home he sees a man in suit. He asks his parents who the man is. They tell Jerry he is a man from camp. Jerry listens to the man and agrees to go to camp.
Jay was hiking the Appalachian Trail. He started in northern New York state. Slowly he made his way south. Jay got to see the whole eastern seaboard. He finished his hike at trail's end in Georgia state!
Jacob had a very big basket. He paid a lot of money for the basket as well. One day, Jacob damaged the basket. He quickly ran to the store to get a new one. Now, Jason has a new basket that is very big.
Albert loved to read. He started collecting books from a young age. His collection started getting out of control all over the house. Albert decided to dedicate one room to tidy shelving. He filled the shelves with his books and had a beautiful library.
I use cleaning wipes a lot. I prefer Lysol or Clorox. Recently my wife bought some environmentally friendly wipes. I was unsure, as they did not guarantee to kill any viruses. They seem to be working, though.
Rainey was four years old and her mother thought the world of her. The little girl always had to be the center of attention, however. Her daddy was concerned about her behavior. She was constantly inserting herself between her mother and father. Her daddy thought that her mother was spoiling her with attention.
Jasper told his parents that he wanted a dog. They gave him a goldfish to test if he was responsible. Jasper forgot to feed his goldfish. The goldfish died. His parents decided not to give him a dog.
Georgia had just finished up at a dentist appointment. Her mom offered to take her to lunch before school. Georgia wanted to go, but she couldn't eat for thirty minutes. Instead, her mom drove them around town until enough time passed. Then, they were able to eat lunch together.
Last month I got a new haircut. I went to a new place to get the haircut. I got lost on my way there. I was driving around for hours trying to find it. It was all worth it though, because now my hair looks awesome!
Mary went skiing this winter with some old skis. She was convinced that the skis were fine and not broken. Everything was going well until she hit some ice. The skis broke instantly. Mary ended up breaking her arm.
Clay wanted to be skinny. He decided the best way to lose weight was eat less and be more active. He started walking more and even jogged on occasion. After a month he lost 2 pounds. Clay was on his way to being skinny.
My grandmother mailed me her amazing sweet potato pie. I was looking forward to eating the pie all day. All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture. As soon as I opened the front door I ran to the refrigerator. That's when I heard my husband ask me where did I get the amazing pie.
Kevin drove to an interview for a job as a driving instructor. It was late in the evening by the time the interview was over. On the drive home, Kevin fell asleep at the wheel. He crashed his car into a tree and suffered a broken leg. He got the job, but couldn't work because of his broken leg.
Ted had a mouse infestation problem. Ted spread the poisoned traps along the perimeter of his yard. He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house. He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors. When finished, Ted felt satisfied with his work.
Sam and Kim didn't know what to watch. They both wanted different channels. They started fighting over the remote. Eventually Sam punched Kim. Kim cried and ran to her room.
Tim was graduating high-school. He didn't care but his family was really excited. He was the first in his family to do so. Tim went through with all the ceremonies. It made him happy to make his family happy.
Janice decides to take a big vacation. She goes to Italy. When she gets there, she eats delicious food. She feels sad when she flies back home. However, she is glad she had a vacation.
My new Android phone was acting up. Every time I turned it on it showed an error screen. I found a forum online that told me how to root it. I realized the problem with the phone was Google's cruft. I deleted it all and now my phone works great!
Frederick had never been on a cruise ship before. His family was on vacation. They were cruising in the Caribbean. Frederick had a great time on board going swimming and playing games. He would always remember that first cruise.
Sam loved every kind of food. Chinese was his favorite. He would order three different entrees. Then he would eat it all up! A couple hours later, he was always starving again.
For Valentine's Day, my husband and I planned to bike to brunch. In the morning, we were lazy and tried to talk each other out of it. We ended up talking each other back into it instead. On our bikes, we enjoyed the feeling the wind on our faces. Suddenly, my tire popped and we had to go back home.
Kate's crush Tom acted like she hadn't told him of her crush. He ignored her as he walked over to his friends. She composed herself and went to her friends. She turned to see Tom and his friends looking at her and giggling. She knew it was only a matter of time before the whole school knew.
Lilly had to sell 50 small bags of M&Ms as a school fundraiser. She had 60 days to sell them at 50 cents a bag. A few days before the money was due she realized she hadn't sold any. She went to the box only to find they were all gone. She realized she had been snacking on them and ate them all herself.
Who was America's fifth president? All Jack could remember was that it had something to do with sushi. He started listing sushi parts: seaweed, rice, and fish. Then he thought of fish roe! It was James Monroe who was the fifth president of the United States!
I am a 1300 level chess player. I was playing a 1500 level opponent online tonight. I did not expect to win. On move 28, my opponent choked and lost his queen. He resigned shortly thereafter.
Min and Kay were best friends since first grade. But then they chose to go to separate high schools. At first they hung out every weekend. Then slowly they drifted apart. They were saddened, but they understood that that was the way of life.
Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women. But he was interested in interracial dating. That's when he met Sabrina and they started dating. Charles told her he never dated a white girl before. Sabrina said she wasn't white, but Brazilian.
Sandra is really unhappy with her hair. Her friends all criticize her it looks bad. She decides to do something about it. She heads to the salon to get a haircut. She shows off her new hair to hair friends and impresses them.
Cindy's son wanted an RC car for his birthday. But they were very expensive. So Cindy decided to buy a cheap one. And her son was initially happy with it. But after a week, it had began to malfunction more and more.
Craig always wanted a pet hamster. He finally got one for his seventh birthday. It died shortly after while Craig was at school. His parents replaced it before he got home. Craig never knew the difference.
Joe traveled to foreign countries every year. This year, he made plans to visit a country in Africa. He was going to visit an elephant sanctuary in Kenya. Two weeks before the trip, a war broke out in that country. Joe had to cancel his plans, and was very disappointed.
Adam loved making small objects. He would carve wood and metal to make fascinating things. One day the drama teacher asked if he would make some props. Adam was nervous but decided to give it a try. He made creations that were featured in all the plays that year.
Tom couldn't afford his phone bill. He needed a telephone to find a job. He tried using friend's phones. Unfortunately that didn't really work well. Tom was unable to get a job.
For Easter Sammy got a white bunny rabbit he named BunnBunn. He had to keep it in a hutch outside but he played with her every day. About two weeks after he got it, he ran to see BunnBunn after school. Now there wasn't one bunny, there were 6. BunnBunn was a mommy!
Billy was making some coffee on the stove. He poured his hot water into a mug and began mixing the ingredients. Then he noticed water seeping out of the mug. He hadn't seen the small cracks in the side. He dumped his coffee into a new mug and luckily didn't lose much.
Annie had just started a new job. Black Friday was happening during her first week. She was worried about doing well on such a busy day. That Friday, she worked as hard as she could. At the end of her shift, her manager praised her work.
There was a big golf tournament. I was faced against a big rival. On the last six holes it was all on the line. And I finished him off. I crushed my drives and won the match.
Haley's teacher announced there was going to be a big test. Haley needed a good grade to get an A in the class. She studied nightly to improve her chances. The teacher gave the test. Haley's hard work payed off and she was rewarded with an A plus.
Travis moved into a new house. His bathroom had some strange wallpaper in it. He thought about tearing it down. He just couldn't bear to take it down. Travis decided he would get used to it.
The boy loved superheroes. He talked about his favorites all the time. His mom made him a cape. He ran around the house in his new cape. He pretended he could fly!
Jeff i booking a flight to Cancun. He thinks he can get the flight for free. He has a lot of reward points saved up from his credit card. He hopes to use them to get a free flight. Turns out it was only enough to knock the price down half!
It was the first day of Spring in Minnesota. Amy was happy to see the sun after the long cold winter. She decided she would visit a park to enjoy the weather. While at the park it began to rain hard. Amy was soaked and regretted not bringing an umbrella.
Tom was walking home from school. There was a protest in one of the streets. Tom tried to cut through it. Unfortunately the crowd was too dense. Tom became an unwilling part of the protest.
I got tickets to a show. No one wanted to go though. So I went alone. People bought me some drinks. I had a great time!
Jack was just starting to invest his money. He talked to an investor on how to get started. Jack was persuaded and took the investor's advice. Jack was starting to make a decent passive income. Then, the economy crash and Jack lost all his money.
I once worked at a grocery store. One day I needed to stock the eggs. The box of eggs was on a high shelf, and I am very short. When I tried to get the box down my hand slipped and I hit myself. My eye was swollen and bruised, it was not fun!
I was trying to finish my homework assignments. However, my uncle interrupted me to talk about history. Since he was drunk, he constantly digressed between topics. I became furious but pretended to listen. He eventually stopped.
I discovered a woman will be running for president. I researched her background to see where she stands on the issues. I rather liked her progressive agenda. I decided I want to vote for a woman for US president. I registered to vote and I will vote for her in November.
Tom was tired from work. He decided to take a short afternoon nap. Tom didn't wake up right away. His nap turned into a long sleep. Tom slept straight through the night.
Tim loved being in college, but he didn't want to study. He stayed in his dorm all day and played video games. He rarely went to class and didn't do any homework. He failed all his classes, so his college kicked him out. He didn't learn his lesson and still played video games all day.
Mariah went to Italy. She went to a popular restaurant there. A man saw her and introduced himself. He took he on a tour of Italy. Mariah decided to extend her trip to spend time with this man.
John awoke to the sound of a lawnmower. John's son, Sam, was outside mowing the lawn. Sam hates mowing the lawn, but loves his allowance. Sam finishes his routine of chores and beckons his father. John happily gives his son his hard earned money.
It snowed a lot yesterday. Sally and I had to shovel the sidewalk. Sally made a snowball and threw at me. I made a snowball and threw it back at Sally. We ended of having a snowball fight instead of shoveling snow.
Cullen headed outside to go for his evening walk. He walked about a mile and was heading home. Rain clouds suddenly started to form overhead. Cullen hurried, trying to beat the rain. The rain started just as Cullen walked through the door.
My niece recently got a promotion. She was excited until she saw the pay. Her pay raise was half of what she expected. She talked to her boss and was told it was non negotiable. She took the promotion but is looking elsewhere.
Mia planted a tree. She was very excited to see the tree grow from just a small seed. She checked every day for more growth. However, the tree eventually died. It turns out Mia forgot to water it.
Kendall had been begging to go to Disneyland all year. Her mom and dad were worried about affording it. Luckily her dad got a great bonus at work and they could. They surprised her the morning of the trip. She had so much fun enjoying her dream day at the park.
Abraham was driving his golf cart in the park. He saw some trash and went to pick it up. He unwrapped the paper bag, and saw something amazing. It was a large bag of money. Abraham looked around, and kept the money for himself.
I told my friend what happened with a couple we both know. They'd hiked to the top of one of the fifteen Ks we've got here. Admiring the breathtaking view, she told him she'd always love him. She then sent him screaming and sprawling off the mountain. She's quite enjoying the insurance money, last I heard.
Anna was twenty one and wanted to buy her own house. She worked as a waitress whenever she could. She scrimped and saved all her money. She went house hunting and found the perfect house. Anna now has a home of her own!
Sam had to save money. He needed a new car. He stopped eating out with his friends. It was hard to stay home. However, soon he could afford his new car.
Laura was not a very good reader. She wanted to be able to read a long novel. She practiced reading with her mother. She learned a lot of new words. She can now read an entire novel.
Nicole wanted a pet. She did research on what type of animal she should get. Nicole decided to get a snake. Nicole went to the pet store and picked out what snake to get. Nicole brought her snake home and named it Dizzy.
Bob bought a new manufactured home in Montana. He was sad he didn't have any land to grow a garden on. One of his neighbors told him he could vegetables in tires. Bob tried it and was astounded when it worked. He's very proud of his tire grown tomatoes and corn.
The Minnesota Vikings were expected to make noise this season. They have a good running back and a solid defense. Their star quarterback helped them make the  playoffs last year. All hopes for this season have been dashed. Their quarterback got injured and is out for the season.
Jon was walking to work. It started to rain. Jon opened his umbrella. His umbrella broke after a few minutes. Jon showed up to work drenched in water.
Charles thought Rodney Maze was an interesting guy. He didn't think Rodney would take advantage of him. He was wrong. Rodney used Charles' house phone for a long distance call. Next, Rodney left and Charles received a $600 phone bill.
As Stacey was sick in bed she contemplated what to do. She found some movie marathons on tv and decided to give it a watch. She put on the channel and heated some popcorn. As she relaxed in bed, the hours flew by. At the end of the day Stacey watched six hours worth.
The zipper on Laura's jeans broke a few weeks ago. We weren't sure where to get it fixed so I looked around. We found a good place and ended up going there. The fix was very cheap and we picked it up the next day. Her new zipper was a lot better than the other one and she loved it!
Lanie was playing outside in the lawn. She was running outside bare footed. Lanie stepped into an ant pile. The ants began to bite her. Lanie began to scream and cry in pain.
Julia struggled waking up in the mornings. She would always wake up early for work. She did not like waking up early at all though. No matter how much coffee she drank she was always tired. Julia just wanted to be back in bed.
When I was a child I was terrified of aliens. One night I woke up and thought I saw an alien in the doorway. I was terrified and huddled under my blanket for an hour. Finally I built up the courage to confront it. I went to it and saw it was just a chair and some clothing.
Tom ordered a memory card online. When it arrived he noticed it was the wrong one. They sent him a much bigger size instead. Tom called to let them know and they told him to keep it. Tom was thankful and shopped there again often.
Dave was working in the garage with his Dad. Half the garage was filled with empty pop cans. Dave's father told him to recycle the pop cans. Dave recycled the cans and was given twenty dollars. When Dave returned his Father said he can keep the money.
Tom hadn't done laundry in a while. He wanted to take a shower but had no clean towels. Tom had to figure something out. He decided to use other clean clothes to dry off. It worked but Tom soon after did his laundry.
I moved the razor over my face. With every swipe more hairs came off. Ten swipes were enough, nor were twenty. I went to the store and got a better razor. Five more swipe made my face smooth.
There used to be stray cats all over the neighborhood. We called animal control all the time to come get them. Animal control came and rounded up all the cats. All those cats now have a home to live in. I'm glad we called animal control to come get the cats.
Noah came home and told his mom that his shorts were getting tight. Noah had grown a lot in the last year. His mom made an appointment with the uniform shop to try on shorts. They went and he tried on 2 pairs of shorts. He picked out the ones that fit and then they paid for them.
Gary entered a hot dog eating contest. He ate one hundred hot dogs in thirty minutes. He won the hot dog eating contest and set a new record. He didn't know he was so good at eating. Next weekend he is competing in the world hot dog eating championship.
Alan stopped going to his AA meetings all of a sudden. He decided he was better and didn't need help anymore. As he was among people who didn't drink it helped for a bit. But he realized as time went by that he missed the company. So he went back to help others as he was feeling stronger himself.
Jessica was hungry. She checked her refrigerator for food. She saw nothing she wanted to eat. She decided to eat out at a restaurant. She went to Zaxby's and ate a 5-piece chicken meal.
Suzy made some muffins. She was experimenting with desserts. She thought her friends would love them. When she baked them her friends were impressed. They didn't know she knew how to cook.
One of my favorite activities as a kid was playing house. I would get a bunch of my friends together and we would be a family. My favorite part to play was the wife taking care of the children. We would all dress up and I would play behind my play kitchen. Memories like that are vibrant in my mind.
Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player. She practiced for several hours a day to improve her skills. Sometimes she would forget to make time to do her homework. The coach told Sarah she'd be benched unless her Math grade improved. Sarah studied hard to raise her grade so she could play with the team.
Bill went blind at a young age. He remembers very little from before being blind. He often needs things described to him. He has contemplated suicide many times. Luckily he is still with us.
Tony was a great athlete. He was the star baseball player. He was a pitcher and an outfielder. He was selected first in the draft. He went on to have a very successful career in professional baseball.
This morning the alarm went off at 4:40 am. Then it went off again at 4:49 am. Mimi scratched Al's back and told him it was time to get get up. Thank goodness for snooze alarms because Al went back to sleep. But he jumped out of bed after the next snooze.
Tyler was excited because the weather forecast was predicting snow. He was looking forward to having a snow day with school cancelled. The town got 8 inches of snow overnight. School was cancelled for the day. Tyler played in the snow and had a fun day off.
Fran got a new job waiting tables at a restaurant. Fran kept spilling food trays at her new job. Fran's boss encouraged her to practice carrying trays at home. Fran followed her boss's advice. Fran became an excellent waitress with practice.
My dad always thought if there wasn't periods in USA it was wrong. He was told that without periods it meant USA Japan. So when you look at packaging he thought that meant another country. We got a good laugh out of the story. But to this day he still believes that story.
Marty was driving his car along a coastal road. He wasn't paying attention and ran off the road. He hit the guardrail and tumbled down the cliff. His car crashed into the ocean and started to sink. Marty unbuckled and rolled down the window, and was ok.
Jane baked a cake for her boyfriend's birthday. She tried hard to make it come out good. Unfortunately she was unable to. The cake still tasted good. Her boyfriend appreciated it.
Denis was a new artist in demand. He created paintings by spilling paint on them. But as he was very famous people bought his art all the same. Until a critic had the guts to review the art and point to its flaws. Denis is not doing well since then and has to paint to sell something.
Chad is an avid bow hunter. He is going deer hunting. While out, he spots a nice buck 20 yards away. He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck. The arrow misses the buck and hits a tree instead.
John desired to improve his social life. He asked his friend for help. His friend told him to dress better. John went to the mall. John bought many new shirts that looked nicer.
Jen was trying to hang the mirror up on the wall. She could not get it to hang straight at all. She pounded on the wall in frustration. The mirror wobbled, then fell. Sighing, she went to get the broom.
Cindy had just received some birthday presents. One was a doll that she already owned. She took it to the store and asked to exchange it. Then, she got to pick out a new doll. She was really excited about the new toy she got.
Shemecka loved money but she hated spending her own. She met an Army man and used him to pay for all that she wanted. Shemecka's male co worker made good money which caught her eye. She dated her co worker on side and had him give her money too. When Shemecka's boyfriend found out, he left her.
Sally attended her high school reunion in July. She was excited to see that her high school sweetheart was also there. They talked and dance all through the night. They found out that they both were recently divorced. Sally and her high school sweetheart exchanged phone numbers.
Dale was having really bad stomach aches for hours at a time. He went to the doctors to get it checked out. The doctor couldn't diagnose the issue, so took samples for testing. The next week, the doctor came back with bad news. Dale had a rare form of cancer.
Amy's team was playing their first volleyball game. She was watching from the bench. She was jealous of the girls who got to play. She didn't want them to know, so she kept smiling and cheering. Inside she was screaming.
Dan thought he was a really good cook. He entered a cooking contest where he will be judged in a blind test. He made and brought his signature dish to the contest. The judges out his dish in last place. He was sad and bought some cook books on the way home.
Samantha was enrolled in college spanish. She had to take the course in order to graduate. She only went to class on some days of the week. She never did her homework. Her teacher gave her an F for not trying hard enough.
Ben was at the hospital with his wife. They were expecting their first child. Ben was extremely nervous and excited about being a new father. Their daughter was born healthy and alert. Ben's fears were quickly erased by the sight of his daughter's smile.
Bill and his brother Bob have a huge fight. So Bob tells the entire school that Bill wet his bed until he was six. All the kids start teasing him about it. Bill is known as bedwetter for the rest of his days at school. He is relieved to go off to college where nobody knows his secret.
I had to buy dental insurance out of pocket. I tried to use my insurance to pay for a crown. No one told me there was a year waiting period. Now I owe my dentist $500. I'm not allowed to cancel the insurance, either.
Kim loved her Cabbage Patch Kid doll. One day she was watching cartoons. There was a commercial for cards called Garbage Pail Kids. She thought they were a part of the Cabbage Patch Kids family. They were gross but funny so she wanted to get some.
Jana was very scared of the water. Her mother tried to teach her to swim but she was scared. One day a huge amount of rain came and flooded her town. She fell in the water and was rescued. This made her afraid of not knowing how to swim so she started lessons
Cory and his brother went dirt biking for the day. They were on a very easy trail when suddenly something went wrong. Cory fell on his arm! He got up and noticed he broke his arm! Luckily, an ambulance came very fast and took him to the hospital.
Shane and his family had just moved into a new house. All of the kids were checking it out. Shane found the bedroom that he wanted, but his brother followed him. His brother also wanted the room, and a fight broke out. Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister.
I went to a candy store yesterday. I was looking for the perfect ones. My eyes set upon rock candy. It was on sale. I decided to load up on them.
I was filling my car with gas. The pump next to me had a leak. You can smell the gasoline. I thought I was going to pass out. As so as I was done filling up my car, I was gone.
Leticia had an ant farm. She kept meticulous care of the animals inside of it. One day she knocked it over and it broke. Ants escaped all over the house. Leticia was locked into another bedroom when the exterminator arrived.
Cassie was a vegetarian and had just been invited to a cookout. She feared her friends would mock her when they found out her secret . But she decided to go anyways and try to have fun. At meal time, Cassie got a big surprise. There was chicken, ribs - and tons of veggie burgers!
Travis loved grilling. He decided to grill some chicken. He usually did burgers but he thought he'd do something different. The chicken was juicy and delicious. Travis decided to make it more often!
My girlfriend loves showing me internet videos. The video are usually of annoyingly cute animals. So with my guard down I go to watch a video with her. It's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds. I learned two things, she is twisted and I can't eat alfredo anymore.
Jeremy really wanted his friend Ben to come over after school. When he got off the bus, he asked his mom to call Ben's mom. Ben's mom told Jeremy's mom that a playdate would be great. Ben's mom drove him to Jeremy's house for the afternoon. Ben and Jeremy played together until dinnertime!
Traffic on the highway came to a complete standstill. A man got out of his volvo to investigate. There was a 10 car pile-up a half mile down the road. He asked the rescue team if they needed any help. The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team.
Barb was very nervous, because today was her first day of school. She tried to make new friends, but it was proving very challenging. A girl sat down beside her in the lunch room, and they became friends. Barb realized that the first day of school was scary for everyone. The teachers all were nice and helped her make it through the day.
Shawn liked robots. He decided to build a robot for his school science fair. He procrastinated. To finish his robot on time, Shawn took some shortcuts. He was disappointed when his robot failed to work at the science fair.
Allie was in a relationship for a year. She had loved her boyfriend very much. But one day she got a text message from him. It said he wanted to break up. Allie could not believe it and she started to cry.
Beth and Bobby were having a baby. They both loved junk food, so they wanted to give her a sweet name. Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar. They wrote down names to pick randomly since they couldn't agree. The winning name was Candy - a perfect tasty name for their daughter!
The man bought a truck. He reinforced the truck with sheet metal. He drove the truck to a shooting range. He sat in the truck while people shot at it. The sheet metal stopped the bullets.
Sheena was playing basketball with her friends. She tried to make a basket, but she tripped and fell. Her tooth his the pavement, cracking in the process. She was really worried that it couldn't be fixed. Luckily, her dentist made her tooth look brand new.
Viceroy Jim ran a successful genetics company. He'd spent all his funding getting it of the ground. At one point, Jim ran out of cash. Strapped for ideas, his friend suggested male stripping. That's how Viceroy Jim got his name.
Rex was always good at fixing cars. When he got married, he and his brother opened an auto shop. His brother was a drunk and often never showed up. Rex and his wife fought about it a lot. He eventually had to close the place and go work for another mechanic.
Kay was selling flowers to raise money. She set up her stall in a park. At first she had no customers. But then more and more people came to her stand. She had sold all her flowers within just a few hours!
One day there was a hurricane in my town. A few days later, a huge tree fell near my house from all the water. After the tree was removed there was a nice big stump. My sister and I had an imagination and a plan. We decided to use the stump in our forest house as the kitchen.
Todd was about to get married. He was in his house getting ready when huge nerves struck. He stepped outside for a moment to get some air. Luckily his dad noticed and came to give him a pep talk. He felt better right away and happily went on to his wedding.
Priya was used to being the best at everything. She always made the best grade. When she got to middle school, she was faced with challenges. She learned quickly that school was harder. Priya made her first "B" and was devastated.
Tina got all her friends gifts. It was for the holidays. But none of them gave her gifts back. Tina felt kind of bad. She would have appreciated if they gave her something.
Kayla loved God and helping people. She was acing college so thought she'd pick up some volunteer work. Her church had a program that sent youth out as missionaries. Kayla joined the program and was flown to Uganda. She was raped and killed and her body was left in a ditch.
Rick got on the school bus one day. He took his glasses off and put them in his backpack. Rick leaned against his backpack and took a nap. When he woke up, he noticed he crushed his glasses. When he got home, Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them.
Lucy wanted to skate. She hadn't done it before. She decided to take lessons. On her first lesson she fell. It would be away until she got good.
Lidia's mom gave her a teddy bear when she was born. Lidia grew up taking it everywhere with her. One day while they shopped, Lidia remembered she left it in the car. Lidia and her mom went back to the car to get it. They were walking back to the store when it collapsed on itself.
Stanley decides he wants to start trying a cardiovascular exercise. He decides to start jumping rope. At first he trips a lot, but he improves gradually. Stanley becomes a great rope jumper. He is glad to be exercising.
Reynolds thought he was a great singer. He was challenged by Beaux to sing off. Reynolds accepted the challenge. While Beaux practiced hard, Reynolds did not. Beaux won by a landslide.
I was driving in my hybrid car near my house. My neighbor's son was riding his bicycle along the same road. Suddenly, he swerved his bicycle in front of my car. I could not hit the brakes in time and hit him. The coroner said that he had died on impact.
I wanted to wash my shower curtain as it had mold on it. I bought some cleaners and tried wiping the mold off. The cleaners did not remove the mold. I put my shower curtain and a towel in my washing machine. The washing machine did a great job at cleaning my shower curtain.
Daphne loved doing chores. Ironing was her favorite! She loved making clothes look neat and tidy. She even ironed her sheets! Daphne thought everyone should have neatly pressed clothes.
As I child I came across a worm crawling, as I was playing. A boy came up and started violently stomping on it. Blood and gush started squirting everywhere as the worm exploded. I was mortified, disgusted and frightened completely! This experienced has made me hate worms to this day!
Tim's girlfriend was working late. He messaged her to ask for something. She was tired but asked what it was. Tim wanted her to pick him up food and beer on the way home. Tim's girlfriend reluctantly obliged.
Jane went to lunch at a chain restaurant. They had a special going on. It was a never ending amount of refills on appetizers. Jane and her friends ordered that. They got full and went back to work stuffed.
Barbra wanted to learn how to play poker like a professional. She hadn't played, and knew the casino was the best place to learn. She sat at a table with veteran players, who laughed at her. The dealer showed her the rules, and soon she started to catch on. The other players left in shame, as Barbara had won all of their money.
Allie was washing the dishes. One of the dishes broke in the sink. Allie cut her hand. Allie's husband helped her dress her wound. Allie's husband offered to help her finish washing dishes.
We rushed to the emergency room. The doctor looked at his eye. It was injured by the bow that had broken. They had to operate to remove fiberglass. His eyesight was permanently damaged.
There was a mechanic who didn't pay attention. He fixed a car the other day. But the customer still heard a rattle in the engine. He looked at it and decided he forgot a screw loose. The customer was angry he didn't pay attention to details.
My friend met a woman on the bus to work. They were friendly to each other. One day she saw him miss a bus so he could be with her. She accused him of stalking. He backed off, and they did not talk again.
Ken met Marie in an internet chat room. They chatted back and forth before exchanging email addresses. Afterwards, they decided to meet in person. It was love at first sight for both of them. They finally married a year later.
I just finished reading Brighton, a murder mystery. The novel featured a lot of local stores and landmarks. I loved the novel, as I lived in Brighton for thirty years. After I read the book I toured the area to see the locations. Now I got excited by the news they might make a movie.
Sandy was homeless. She had been sleeping on the park bench for the past month. It was her birthday tomorrow and she felt lonely. The next day a girl she had met at the park visited her. She bought her cake because she remembered it was Sandy's birthday.
Dale is playing in a baseball game. It's almost his turn to bat in the game. His team is losing by 2 runs. Dale steps up to the plate. The ball comes towards dale and he hits it for a game winning home run.
Marshall wanted to revamp his cabin in the woods. He started by decorating it with a hunting theme. He got rid of the outhouse. He accessorized it with the latest technology. And when he was done, he had built a haven for himself.
I never thought I would win the award. I know it sounds like a cliche. I really didn't write a speech. That's why I sounded like an idiot on stage. At least it was an honest reaction.
Josh wanted spaghetti. His girlfriend decided to cook it for him. However, she was a terrible cook. She tried to follow the sauce recipe. They both agreed it was horrible.
Rosaline didn't like coffee. Yet, she always ordered one and didn't drink it. One day, the waitress asked her why. Rosaline explained that her dead husband used to love coffee. Since then, the waitress brings an extra tea for Rosaline to drink.
Tom went to KFC for dinner. He ate it fast. It tasted a bit weird. Tom started feeling sick shortly after. The chicken gave him salmonella poisoning.
Lilly is scared in the dark. She can not sleep in the dark without her nightlight. At night she noticed that her nightlight was broken. She was scared and quickly crawled into her parents bed. Lilly felt comfortable in her parents bed and wasn't scared anymore.
Andrew heard about a "hands on the hard body" car contest. He decided to try it out. He really needed the car. For a while he did really well. But soon, he had to give up and let go, it was too hard.
Angie heard loud knocking at her front door at three in the morning. She did not know the person at the door. Angie was scared, so she called the police. The police came and questioned the stranger at the door. The stranger was confused and did not know where he was.
Adam needed a few things for dinner. He ran to the grocery store. He found all sorts of things he didn't mean to buy. He loaded up his bags and took the things home. The grocery store was a dangerous place for him!
Marc was nervous about taking his GRE for graduate school. The schools he wanted to attend required high scores. He studied flashcards every night for months. On the day of the GRE, his nerves subsided. When he got his scores, he realized there was nothing to worry about.
The man wrote a poem. He entered it into a contest. He won the contest. He tried to sell the poem to a magazine. The magazine bought it because it was a contest winner.
The dog whined at the door. I got up to let her out of the room. She burst through the door with energy. She bolted straight to the couch. She laid down on our and.
Clark is driving back home from a business trip. Clark notices he is low on fuel. He stops at a gas station to get gas. The station is out of gas. Clark tries to drive home but runs out of gas.
We watched a football game with Barry last month. Our building has a club room with a tv. My wife and I have coffee there on Sunday afternoon. Barry is a lonely retired professor. We sat with him and watched a bit of football, then left.
Sam cut his finger in a meat slicer. He had to go to the emergency room. They made us wait for 2 hours. He needed to get stitches. He did very well at not crying.
Larry has been looking for a hobby to keep him busy after work. His friend recommends he try brewing beer. Larry finally buys a home beer brewing kit. He follows the instructions perfectly to brew his first batch. Larry is happy that he finally has a hobby.
Sophie had a big failing and lied all the time. Her mother told her that if she lied again, she'd be punished. Sophie didn't want to be punished but couldn't help lying. When her mother caught her lying again, she sent Sophie to her room. Sophie was sad, but by herself, she found more ways to lie next time.
Aya was studying Japanese. She excelled in her class. But she thought the best way to learn more was to visit Japan. She signed up to be an exchange student in Tokyo. There, Aya learned lots and lots more Japanese!
Manuel sat on his front porch and let out a sigh. He had been waiting for twenty minutes already. Soon, a white vehicle pulled up to his house. The mailman got out of his car and carried a large brown box. Manuel excitedly ran forward to receive his package.
My chip went closer to the hole. It was my turn for the shot. I had to get closer to the hole than my dad. It was a four man scramble. It was my first time playing golf.
Peter wanted to have a picnic in the park with his daughter. After telling his daughter, Peter and his daughter got ready. Peter grabbed the items for the basket, as well as a blanket. Once at the park, Peter set up the picnic area for them to enjoy. Peter was happy that he got to have a picnic with his daughter.
There was a farm at the end of the road. It had so many animals. It even had a huge shop! One day the shop closed. No one ever figured out why.
One time my friend and I were playing tennis. We were finishing up. A friend's dad was jogging past us. He said hi to me. My friend wondered why he only said hi to me.
Anna opened the cabinet for dinner ideas. Rice and pasta tumbled out onto the counter! Anna sighed and organized everything properly. It only took fifteen minutes of serious work. Anna felt much better in a clean kitchen!
I woke up this morning wet. I wasn't wet when I went to bed last night. I was taking care of my drunk husband. He got up sometime in the middle of the night and peed on me. Now our couch is ruined.
James didn't trust his government. So he read about conspiracy theories online. James became more and more absorbed in his reading. And he had trouble sleeping. James became more and more afraid of his government.
Ivan had one cat. He felt like it was lonely. He adopted another one from the pound. Now his cat had a best friend. Both cats were very happy!
Allie loved shopping at her favorite store. Unfortunately she found out it was closing. Allie was devastated. She ended up buying the sale items. It was her last choice.
I was working hard and getting hungry. I asked a friend out for lunch. She agreed to meet me at the sandwich shop. Our food was great. We paid and left feeling satisfied.
Randy is having a hard time with his new girlfriend. Freda is always getting on his nerves and asking for money. Randy decides enough is enough. He calls Freda to tell her it's over. Freda cries on the phone but Randy is firm and ends it.
Margie threw herself a summer birthday party. She wanted the party to be themed. A flip flop party sounded like fun. Each guest got a pair of flip flops to decorate. Everyone thought it was a fun idea and loved the party.
Gerald is a famous rapper. He decided to have a party for his fans. All everyone wanted was pictures of him. They then left the party. Gerald was upset.
Jane was at the club. A guy grabbed her butt. Jane's boyfriend saw it. He confronted the drunk guy over it. They got into a fight until they were both kicked out.
Tawny was out with her boyfriend. Her parents called asking if she wanted to bring him over for dinner. He was nervous but agreed to go. They all met a few minutes later. Luckily, it went very well.
Jake was making a sandwich. He had all the ingredients ready. He put everything together. Right before taking a bit he noticed the moldy bread. Jake had to throw away the sandwich.
I had to buy a birthday present for my brother. I didn't know what to get for him. I browsed a bookstore for ideas. I found a new book by his favorite author. The problem solved itself.
Will Smith was born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He attended Overbrook High School. Before graduating, he released a rap record. He became a Grammy nominated rapper and eventually started acting. Will is now an A-list blockbuster movie superstar.
My friend took me to the gun range today. I shot my gun while he messed around with his. I shot over 200 rounds at the targets. Then it started to rain pretty hard. We left before my friend could even shoot his gun.
Jean was going to the park. Her mom advised her to bring a sweater. It was warm out and Jean resisted. She brought a sweater to placate her mom. Later it grew cold, and Jean was glad she had brought it!
Last night I had a dream. I dreamed I was back at work. I saw a locomotive driving by and took photos. Then I helped load up a truck. I woke up to find myself back to reality, stroke ridden.
My grandparents and I were going for a walk. We were walking near some pine trees and turned a corner. Suddenly, right in front of us, was a huge moose. It was so close that it scared us, but they told me not to run. We all stood still and soon the moose walked away without harm.
Reece loved pie. He decided to enter a contest. He ate five pies in 20 minutes. His friend Tyler ate six pies in 20 minutes. Reece was bummed about not winning.
Anna was just learning to ride her bike without the training wheels. But then she wavered and fell! The bike toppled over and Anna scraped her knee. She bit her lip and tried to be a big girl and not cry. Her dad bandaged it and she felt much better!
The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.
One evening while walking home from work. Jim notices something laying on the ground. He heads over to look at what it is. He picks it up and notices it's a very expensive watch. Jim takes it home and keeps it for himself.
When one is a celebrity, everything he does is considered sexy. Victor is a professional football player living in Los Angeles. He went to a local fitness club and did a hard workout. While drenched in sweat he took a selfie and posted it online. The photo received thousands of likes and comments.
Joe always planted a garden. Today was planting day. He bought seeds of many different kinds. After a few weeks, he began to see growth. Joe then shared his crops with his neighbors.
Jll is excited when her boss quits. She is in line for a promotion. Her boss passes her over for a girl with no experience, just big boobs. Jill starts thinking about getting implants. But her friends convince her to quit her job instead.
Paul loved playing tennis because it was an individual sport. But while he was playing tennis, someone asked him to play doubles. Paul gave it a try. But he always blamed his team mate when the other team made points. And Paul remembered why he only liked individual sports.
Suzy wants to promoted to assistant manager at the coffee shop. She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion. Suzy comes in early and stays late to show her dedication. Finally Suzy is promoted to assistant manager of the coffee shop. However, she begins to wonder if it was worth all the work.
Susie had a psychology quiz. She studied long and hard but was still nervous. When Susie went to take it, she realized it was not that bad. She gulped a little though because she was nervous about the grade. Thankfully she got an A.
On Tuesday we thought we heard thunder. We heard loud crashing noises, but it was clear. My wife went downstairs to the gym in the building. Some people were lifting weights and throwing them down. The concierge asked them to stop dropping the weights.
Joe wasn't very good at soccer. Joe really wanted to learn how to play. James who is joe's friend taught him how to play. Joe got better and joined the soccer team. He is now the number one player on the team.
Tim wanted to make toast. He put the bread in the toaster. He moved on to do other things. Before he knew it the bread had burnt. He wasn't sure why the toaster didn't prevent it.
Jenny was nervous about her new job. She had never done sales before. The manager recognized that she was nervous. She spent extra time training and motivating Jenny. Jenny ended up being a natural sales person and made many sales.
Lorraine was running down the hallway. Suddenly she felt something sharp in the bottom of her foot. She cried out in pain. She looked at the bottom of her foot to see she had stepped on a tack. Her mother comforted her and cleaned the wound.
Jimmy had always wanted to learn how to play card games. His family encouraged him to start by learning poker. He practiced very hard for a few weeks. Finally he was a terrific poker player. Jimmy was very happy to learn how to play his first card game.
My cat, in usual fashion, darted up to the sofa's edge. Though a normal greeting from him, it was met by surprise! My empty glass, hanging by my pinky, had almost been dropped. Nothing had spilled, but I wondered why I'd reacted so strongly. He then drank from a glass on that sofa, without anyone's permission!
Madison was starting college soon. She bought a new computer. She loaded all the programs she would need onto it. On the first day of class, the computer wouldn't turn on. Madison was so angry!
My mom asked for the car keys. I threw the keys in her direction. However, it landed in the sink. Before I can capture it, it fell inside the sinkhole. We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it.
Crumbo Wumbo wanted to be a video game developer. He had all the code ready to go. Unfortunately he had no art. He tried to get an artist, but could not pay him. Crumbo then settled on working at McDonald's.
A couple was having financial issues. They talked about what they could cut. The woman wanted to cut Netflix. The guy agreed. They saved some money.
Theo was beyond excited. He had just arrived in Australia. For years he had dreamed of this trip. He traveled all over the country. He was so happy on his trip to Australia.
I had just turned in my test. I knew I made an A. I could not wait for the grades to be posted. I got home and checked my score. The teacher had used the wrong key and gave me an F.
Matthew was saving money to buy a new video game. He had $30 in his piggy bank, but need $10 more. His mom told him about a market research study that paid cash. Matthew was asked to taste and evaluate toaster pastries. He received $50 for participating, more than enough to buy the game.
Jim was overweight. He decided to go to the gym. At the gym other people made fun of him. Jim was discouraged. He stopped going to the gym and didn't lose weight.
I went my whole life without ever having a cavity. One day I felt the worst pain in my jaw. I made a dentist appointment immediately. He told me I need a root canal on a the tooth that hurt. I also had eight other cavities he needed to fill.
John was struggling in his Calculus class. He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class. John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long. After finally taking the exam, John was sure he bombed it. The professor passed back the tests, and John smiled as he saw an A.
Scott was driving Alex to school. He stopped at a flashing railroad crossing. Alex urged him to go ahead because the train was far off. Scott knew Alex could get expelled if he was late one more time. Scott waited until it train cleared before crossing the railroad.
We had all the eggs hidden before the kids got up. We had not told them we were hiding eggs. The first eggs completely surprised them. It didn't take long for them to find all the eggs. They are already looking forward to next Easter.
Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.
Vivian was feeling nostalgic during her rare visit to her hometown. She was excited to return to the old grocery store. But she was soon confronted with an ugly reality. All the clerks were incredibly rude! Now she remembered why she left her hometown.
Rick rode his bike to the store. He left his bike outside and went into the store. But when he came out, his bike was gone. He told a police officer that someone stole his bike. After a few days, his bike was returned and he was so relieved.
The comedian took the stage and grabbed the microphone. He began to tell a funny story about his past. No one in the audience laughed at this story. The comedian panicked and tried some of his best material. The audience refused to even smile and so he left the stage.
Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything. Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.
I had to get shots yesterday at the doctor. I always had a fear of needles. I sat in the chair and was trembling. When the nurse injected the needle I couldn't look. Thankfully though it was over before I knew it.
I took my daughter to her first baseball game last year. She really isn't into sports. The game ended up being a no-hitter. It couldn't have been more boring for her to watch. She really doesn't ever want to go to a baseball game again.
Kim loves to vacation at the beach every year. It has been several years since her last beach trip. She is always tracking sound around everywhere. Even to this day her car has sand everywhere in it. Kim thinks of it as always having the beach close to her.
Lana is learning to walk. She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward, then another. She takes two more steps forward, into her mother's arms. Mama cheers for Lana's victory! Now Lana walks everywhere.
Lucy is a fifty year old woman who lives with her husband. They both have cell phones and they also have a land line. One day Lucy thought about getting rid of her land line phone. Nobody uses it now since they have cell phones. Lucy got rid of it and now saved herself an extra monthly bill.
Jo bought her kids a puppy they fell in love with at a pet store. After two days in their home, the pup became seriously ill. The veterinarian found Giardia infection from dirty drinking water. Jo contacted an animal welfare agency that investigated the store. She learned that the store sold dogs bred at filthy puppy mills.
Janet wanted to see a concert. She went to buy tickets but they were sold out. She even looked online and none were available. Janet's friend came over one day with a surprise. She had two tickets and wanted to take Janet.
Kennedy and her family were moving to a new town. Kennedy was nervous that she would not fit in with the other children. She thought about interests that she may share with the others. The first day of school she met Elena who liked the same tv shows. They became best friends and Kennedy was no longer worried.
Duncan was very quiet around his friends. He would never get involved with activities, but just watch. Once, everyone went swimming, but Duncan sat out. He never told anyone that it was because he was ill. He always needed to rest because his treatment fatigued him.
The old dresser was very pretty. I decided I had to have it. I purchased it from the vendor. I took it home and began to repaint it. I was severely disappointed when I found out the drawers weren't real.
This morning I heard a bird chirping. It was right outside my kitchen window. I opened the window to get a better listen. He looked at me and played louder before flying away. It was like having my own personal nature show.
Lisa bought some stock. She thought it would go up. But the opposite happened. It crashed. So she lost money.
Tori went to a small Chinese restaurant on her lunch break. When she arrived, she noticed that the line was out the front door! Tori didn't have enough time to wait in line at the restaurant. Instead, she reluctantly chose to pick up a sandwich at a nearby deli. She was surprised at how much she enjoyed her sandwich.
I got to work today and saw a huge stack of files. I looked through and noticed those files are old. My coworker came in and looked through the files with me. We realized that we need a new system for doing files. We decided to leave those alone and start on new ones.
Heather was running errands with her baby all day. Usually the baby took a morning nap but not today. Soon the baby began to grow fussy. By the time Heather was nearly done the baby was wailing. Luckily she got him home then and he got his nap.
Mia wanted a new hair cut. Her mother took her to the hairdresser. Mia told the hairdresser that she wanted to try a new shorter style. The hairdresser cut Mia's long hair up to her shoulders. Mia loved her new haircut.
I always wanted too to Disney world. I had never been before and now I was eager to go. So I went with my cousins. But when we got there I did not like it. I realized it was simply for children.
Jenna and her family were on a sailboat. They had chartered one from the marina. They had never been sailing before. The captain took the boat around to harbor. Jenna and her family had a great time sailing that day.
I never get why people like salt. It doesn't seem to add any flavor. It just makes food more messy. To make matters worse it raises your cholesterol. For that reason alone I always avoid salty food.
There was no power in most of south Florida due to a hurricane. There were a few business with generators and power. Kim could see a line of people a block away at McDonalds. Kim walked to McDonalds to see they had power. Kim sat inside for an hour eating ice cream to beat the heat.
I adopted a puppy in June. On my way home, I named him Jameson. I had to teach Jameson to use the bathroom outside. It took several weeks of training. He is now trained to use the bathroom outside.
The large truck was stuck in the sand by the lake. The tide was coming in and the water was over the truck's tires. Brian ran to a nearby farm and asked for help. The farmer got his tractor and drove it to the truck. The farmer pulled the truck out of the water with the tractor.
My son gave me a nice Christmas gift. I collect original comic art. My son bought a piece and framed it. My son in law hung it up on the wall. I was very pleased with the artwork.
Ivy wanted a pedicure. She soaked her toes in warm water. Then she smoothed on lotion. Lastly, she painted her toenails. Ivy loved the look of her pampered feet!
Grace was a great artist. She loved painting the most. She painted a beautiful piece. It featured the sunset. She sold the art to someone for millions of dollars.
It was Sara's turn to let the dog outside. Sara opened the front door and let the dog run out. A couple hours later Sara remembered the dog and went to let him in. She noticed the gate was open and her dog was missing. Sara rushed to tell her mom that the dog was missing.
I decided I wanted to buy a new car. I visited the car lots. I test drove a new red car. I liked it, so I talked to the salesperson about financing. After the paperwork was done, the car was mine!
The home inspection seemed to be going very well. Everything in the electrical and roofing had checked out. The inspector put on overalls and climbed into the crawl space. When he came out, he gave the buyer the bad news. The main water line was rusted out under the house and leaking badly.
My family invited the neighbors for dinner. Before we ate, I did a small prayer to bless the food. However, the neighbors constantly complained about the food. They said that it was too bland and lacked flavoring. My dad couldn't hold his temper and told them to get out.
I bought a new color of nailpolish recently. I was painting my nails when the cat jumped up and knocked it over. The nailpolish got all over the floor. I tried to clean it up, but nothing worked. Now, there's a big purple stain on my floor.
A couple of weeks ago my boss assigned me a lengthy project. I started working immediately gathering resources and researching. I practiced my presentation with colleagues and my wife. On the day of the presentation I was very nervous. After the presentation my boss said I did a great job!
An old boyfriend is trying to get me to go out with him. He asked me to meet him at a restaurant next Monday. Today he asked me to go to a baseball game with him. I'm trying to ignore his advances. He doesn't care that I am taken by someone else.
Bill brought his boy to the park to play. Bill sat on a bench and read a newspaper. When he looked up, to his terror, he couldn't see his child. He looked around frantic for a moment before hearing his son's voice. Bill's boy was underneath his bench, playing in the dirt.
Amy couldn't open her bag of chia seed. She bit the corner to start a tear. She pulled at the tear with a bit too much force. The bag flew open and chia spilled everywhere. Amy had to throw away all the Chia seeds.
My neighbor got a new bike. I wanted to get a new bike too so we could ride together. We went to the store to get a new bike. I picked a blue mountain bike. We went home and went on a long bike ride together.
Chris and Aimee were newlyweds, and wanted to buy a house. Due to the poor economy, they needed a 50k down payment. At first, Chris and Aimee were discouraged. However, they decided they wanted a house more than anything. They both took on second jobs to generate additional income.
John had a stutter as a kid. He tried several things to correct it. After years of speech therapy it mostly went away. It would only come back when he was really nervous. John still saw it as a huge step forward.
He didn't know how to earn her love back. He sent her a forlorn letter expressing his sadness. He told her she was his reason for living. He didn't know his girlfriend saw the letter. She broke up with him and he ended up alone.
We have a big ceramic turtle in our apt. It has a lot of gold coloring on it. I bought the turtle in a Chinese shop. I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity. Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it.
Allie saw a new girl at school. She decided to introduce herself. The girl ended up being mean. Allie then apologized to her. The girl ignored her and walked away.
Sam never went out at night. He thought there was nothing to see. When the sun went down, he went to sleep. One night he went outside. The beautiful stars made him fall in love with the night forever.
Gibson has always been afraid of trains. He knew that they moved very fast and this scared him. When he was 17, he was forced to go on one. He fought his fears and went on his train. Now, Gibson loves trains and will go on one any day.
When I was in middle school I always walked to the bus stop. It seem like a normal day until a lady with a bunch of cats stopped me She asked me some personal questions and looked at me strangely. It was getting very awkward and eventually I just ignored her. I just walked off to the bus stop all scared and nervous.
Bob never wanted to talk to Penny again after she broke up with him. Yet when she called him three years later, they talked for two hours. Bob felt better afterward, although he knows they will never reunite. He understands the circumstances of the breakup better now. Bob was able to forgive Penny after all this time and wish her well.
Leo's mother took him to the park. Leo wanted to swing on the swing set. Leo was swinging very high. Leo fell from the swing and skinned his knee. Leo's mother took him home and bandaged his knee.
Sally broke a glass on the floor. She did not clean up the glass. Her mom stepped on the glass. Her foot was cut very badly. She had to get stitches at the hospital.
Gabe made lunch for his friend. It was a giant sandwich! He put chicken and roast beef and lettuce and tomato on it. The friend ate the whole thing. Gabe was great at making sandwiches.
George found an old trombone in the basement. He decided he wanted to learn how to play it. George's mother took him to a music teacher. George took many lessons from the music teacher. With years of practice, George became an accomplished trombone player.
Gerald was a basketball player. One day, a scout came to his game. Gerald did his best to impress the guy. To his surprise, it worked and he was noticed. The funny thing is that he's actually related.
Kyle was a freshman in college, and he moved into the dorm. It was his first time away from home and he had very little money. He heard girls whispering about fear of gaining the Freshman 15. But Kyle was confused by their worries. After all, the only thing he could afford to eat was ramen noodles!
The man played a game. He got the closest. His friend knew the man would win. His friend gave up the game. The man gloated about the victory.
Ester's husband passed away and she needed to get her mind off it. She flipped through magazines for a hobby idea. Finally, she selected gardening as her new hobby. She began planting many flowers in her garden. While she couldn't forget her husband she felt joy from her new hobby.
Cleo was driving in the car with her mother. She started hearing an intermittent raspy popping sound. At first she thought it was music from a nearby car. Then she thought it must be a mechanical issue with the car. It turned out to be the suction from the tip of her water bottle.
Jim was watching the Chicago Bulls basketball game at home. His team had just won a playoff game against the Boston Celtics. Jim jumped on his bed to celebrate. He broke the bed right in half. Jim had to buy a brand new bed from the store the next day.
I was about to leave for work. Then, I realized I had lost my phone. I searched for ten minutes and was late for work. I finally found it! Alas, I picked it up and then dropped it and cracked the screen.
Karen stopped at a yard sale on her way home for work. An old wicker chair caught her eye. She was sure she could make it look spectacular again. She sanded it by hand gently to remove chipping paint. A can of spray paint made it look like new.
I got a new couch yesterday. When it got delivered I was very excited. I immediately sat down and drank some wine. To my dismay there was a large dark stain on it. I was horrified.
Tim was sick in bed. He had a cold. He didn't know what to do. His mother brought him soup. After that, he felt better.
James was trying to locate an old friend. He hadn't seen him in years. His old phone number wasn't working. James found his friend's sister's number. He called the sister to ask her for information.
Audrey loved to learn about planets. At night, she looked into the sky. At school, she studied as much science as she could. Audrey grew up. She works at NASA now!
The class went on a field trip. They went to a local farm to learn about raising animals. The kids fed some chickens and collected eggs. At the end of the trip, they had learned a lot. The kids now understood where their food had come from.
Javier had always wanted to see the vast farms in Iowa. He researched the state exhaustively until he was ready for his trip. In Iowa, Javier saw amazing fields of corn. He sampled the local corn and it was delicious. Javier was very happy that his dream of seeing Iowa had come true.
Mike really wanted to make the basketball team. He knew, however, that he was on the short side at only 5 feet tall. Mike became good friends with the team's trainer, and asked for help. He practiced new skills that gave an advantage over his height. Mike made the team and was really proud.
Allie went on the highest roller coaster. She wanted to go on it forever. Finally she took a seat on it. All of the sudden, she got stuck. They had to wait an hour to be rescued.
In the morning my office needs coffee to function. This morning, we were making coffee and there was none to make. The manager decided that the office needed coffee. He sent his assistant to Starbucks for everyone. The office was happy and functional.
Tina went to a small food shack. She wanted a sandwich. To her dismay however, she saw the cook not wearing gloves. It grossed her out. So she decided to simply leave.
Our family has a tradition of watching a movie on Christmas day. Last year we planned to watch Star Wars the force awakens. We left for the theater later than we had originally planned. When we got there the ticket line was way too long! We ended up leaving and not watching the new movie.
Dan and his wife were having a gender reveal party. Dan decided he would reveal the gender with a cake. Dan knew the gender, but his wife and guest did not. As Dan's wife cut into the cake, she cried loudly. Dan's wife realized the cake was pink, so she was having a girl.
Kacie was making a batch of brownies. She was measuring out the cocoa. Then she realized that she didn't have enough left. For a moment she was not sure what to do. Then, she decided to add some hot cocoa powder.
Dexter and his baby brother Jason couldn't believe their eyes. There it was, just sitting underneath the Christmas tree. It was a brand new trampoline! Their father put all the pieces together and finally it was time. They jumped all day and into the night.
Ken felt like gambling. He wanted to bet all his money on a horse. That is exactly what he did. He sat down to watch the horse race. Kens horse beat them all and made him a lot of money.
Hans sat down at his piano. He scribbled some notes onto his paper, but then sighed. He crumpled up the paper and threw it away. The lack of inspiration was frustrating. Hans wondered when he would write his next big hit.
Bam took his date to the movies. He was really hoping she liked the movie. After it ended, he asked her about it. She smiled at him happily, relieving him. Then she told him she had loved the movie!
One day Jordan took a day trip to Boston. First he went to the Freedom Trail. Then he went to Faneuil Hall. Finally he went to New England Aquarium. He had a great time.
Jack bakes a pie for baking contest. His roommate eats the pie. Then she finds out that it was meant for a contest. So she replaces it with a store bought pie. Jack is shocked when he comes in last in the baking contest.
Grandpa had a massive cigar collection. He had every type of cigar imaginable. He bought most of them during his travels around the world. He told me that he would pass down the collection to me. When he died, it was given to someone else instead.
Lucy and her grandma were shopping at Byerly's. Lucy thought the store was very fancy. The building was new and clean on the outside. On the inside they had carpets on the floor. Lucy thought her grandma had to be rich to shop at such a fancy store.
Carla liked to knit, and she especially liked to knit socks. The problem was her socks were never the same size. She couldn't figure out why, because she tried them on as she knit. One day she visited a podiatrist, and all her questions were answered. Carla's feet were two different sizes!
Rick asked his daddy to give him pizza. Rick danced excitedly as his daddy placed the pizza in the oven. He wanted to touch the oven, but daddy said it was hot. Rick stood in front of the oven watching the pizza as it cooked. When it was done cooking Rick ate 3 slices of the pizza.
Jason did not enjoy his job. His boss was mean-spirited and rude. One day, Jason decided to quit. Jason's boss pleaded with him to stay and offered him a raise. While tempting, Jason declined and decided it was not worth it.
It was Easter morning and my parents wanted me to take pictures. I was just a little girl and really didn't feel like it. After she got me dressed in my tacky  Easter outfit, I was mad. She told me to go and pose in the grass, so I did. As she snapped the picture I made the ugliest face I could make!
Monday had arrived again, just like it did every week. Jim turned off his alarm clock again. He had slept through the first two alarms he set for himself. When he realized that this was the third one, he jumped out of bed. He had to be on time this morning, or he would be fired.
The pool was open yesterday, to Mia's excitement. Mia wanted to go swimming. She asked a friend to go with her. Mia and her friend went to the pool to enjoy the water. They swam until the pool closed, and went home exhausted.
Kate was trying to close her luggage. But the zipper pull broke off. She tried to put it back on. But it wouldn't stay. Kate was afraid she would have to throw her suitcase away.
Meg was in a diet club at work, but none of the girls lost weight. Then they thought of a new idea. Each person threw in five dollars. The one who lost the most weight got all the money. Meg was so motivated, she lost thirty pounds and won the cash!
Parker made pens for the business elite. They were very expensive, being made from gold and silver. Each pen he sold netted him upwards of $1,000. Parker's secret was that each pen held a microphone. He stole trade secrets from the businesses using the microphones.
Janice wanted to get in shape. She joined the local gym and started working out. The gym would give challenges that were fun. She started winning challenges. The challenges made her enjoy the gym even more.
Justin was in a hurry to get home. He was going 90 MPH on the highway. He saw red lights flashing behind him. The cop gave him a ticket for 200 dollars. Justin drove the speed limit for the rest of the way home.
My cousins and I ran to to the bedroom when we heard crawling noises. The noises continued for several minutes. I grew impatient and started to walk in the living room. I found out that the noises came from a lizard. My family were not scared anymore and got out of the room.
Kay had a party to go to with friends. She rarely went out at night so she rarely wore fancy clothes. She tried on her favorite skirt but it was too tight. She tried 3 dresses and nothing fit. Kay decided it was time to lose some weight.
Mary always had long legs. She would always get compliments on them. Eventually she decided to stop shaving. She didn't get as many compliments. So she decided to start shaving them again.
Lena had a phobia about flying and had avoided planes her whole life. When her best friend got married in the Bahamas, she had a dilemma. Desperate to attend the wedding, Lena went to a counselor for help. With counseling and herbal sedatives, Lena braved the airplane. She clung to her friend's hand, but she was proud to make the trip!
Scott was walking his dog out in nature. He wasn't really paying attention as he climbed around on a big rock. Then, he noticed some sort of engraving on the rock. Backing up and inspecting the rock revealed that it was a structure. Scott had discovered a megalith and reported it to a historian.
Jason had been looking at new basketball shoes. He had been going to the gym and playing more than usual. He thought the shows would make playing more enjoyable. Jason decided to buy the new shoes. The first time he wore them he broke his ankle and no longer can play.
Jean was with her friends at an arcade. There were bumper boats in back of the arcade. Jean and her friends wanted to ride the bumper boats. Jean fell into the water getting into the bumper boat. Her friends helped her.
Rachel's boyfriend had given her a locket. She was wearing it at school. Suddenly, a girl insulted the necklace. She insinuated that it was like a dog collar. Rachel was so upset that she took the necklace off.
My cousin and I were heading over to the carnival. The carnival were full of great attractions. As I waited in line I actually got to met a girl name Jenny. Jenny and I talked and we eventually exchange phone numbers That is how we started dating.
John's family went to the mountains to chop down a Christmas tree. They searched for hours before they found the perfect tree. As his dad was about to swing the ax, they heard chirping. There was a bird's nest in the tree. They moved on to a tree without any residents.
Kim was playing in the yard. She decided to climb a tree. She fell on the way back down. She broke her arm in two places. Kim had to be sent to the hospital emergency room.
Peggy made a wish on a falling star. She wished that she could get a certain boy to notice her. Peggy forgot about the wish and went to school. She tripped on the step, ripped her jeans, and looked up. There was the boy she had wished about.
John and Mary went to the wilderness for their adventure. They set up their tent. They made a campfire to cook their food. Suddenly, a bear came attracted by the food on the fire. John and Mary escaped the scene waiting for the bear to leave.
I had a science test yesterday and was so nervous. I was terrified that I wouldn't do well on it. Despite the fact I studied real hard, I was still nervous. I made sure I got to the class early. However to my surprise the test wasn't that bad.
Today I got a new green shirt. Since I got the shirt I have had great luck. I found two hundred dollars on the sidewalk. This shirt is my new good luck charm. I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck.
Amanda was doing some landscaping. She bought a big shrub for her side yard. The shrub grew two feet in the first month. It took over her patio. Amanda had to chop it down.
Terry Meatworth was a butcher on 85th street. He lorded over his work like a priest. One day a difficult customer came in. He wanted the meat cut a specific way, and was offering generous tip. Try as he might, Terry couldn't do it, and lost his business.
A woman bought a house. After moving in, she found she was awoken every few hours. Low-flying planes kept passing overhead. It had never occurred to her to check airport approach paths. The realtor, however, had known all along.
The family went out to eat. They ate at a local Chinese restaurant. The food was delicious! They all cleaned their plates. They were stuffed when they went home.
Micah had signed up for the lottery once monthly as usual. It hadn't paid off in six years but he continued. One day as he watched the numbers being called were his own. He screamed with joy and disbelief. On Monday he confirmed that he had indeed won the lottery.
3 year old Amber loved ponies. She watched TV shows about them, and had pony stuffed animals. One day her mom took her to the fair, and there were ponies! Her mom paid her admission to ride one, but Amber refused. The pony was bigger in real life, and Amber was scared!
It was a cold night and the campers were tired and hungry. They gathered around a fire that was just started by the scoutmaster. As the night wore on, the campers roasted hotdogs and marshmallows. They were full, satisfied, and warm. They went off to their tents after a few hours to sleep.
Eddie decided he needed some Jeans. His old jeans had too many holes in them. Eddie decided to go to the mall to buy some. He decided to pick up some new Levi's. He purchased two pairs of new jeans.
Susie went to sleep with her phone charging. She put it under her pillow. But she woke up to the smell of smoke. She looked under her pillow and the phone was fried. Susie was absolutely horrified about it.
Phil knew better than to have a fight at work. But he thought he had a good reason to fight a co worker. Adrian, a fat black man, massaged the shoulders of Carla. Phil liked Carla and told Adrian let's fight over him touching her. Adrian didn't want to fight but Phil punched him in front of everyone.
Gary went into the hotel with his wife. They tried to book a hotel. The front desk worker took a while to book a room. When Gary asked if he was finished, the man yelled at him. Gary left and decided to stay in another hotel.
Michael bit his sister's shoulder. His sister cried. There was blood on her shoulder. Michael was sent to his room for the rest of the day. Michael decided he shouldn't bite people anymore.
Rick and his daddy were going on a trip. Daddy strapped rick into his car seat and began to drive. Rick didn't like his car seat and he tried to get free. When he was free he stood up to say hi to daddy. Daddy was not happy as he put Rick back in his car seat.
Frida wanted to crochet a scarf for her boyfriend. She bought a spool of yarn and started crocheting. Frida lost track of how much she crocheted. The scarf was almost 10 feet long. Frida's boyfriend wore his 10 foot scarf every day of winter.
Marina didn't have much food left. She wanted to stretch her money so she tried to make it work. That night, she made a soup. None of the ingredients went together, it was just a hodge-podge. Somehow, the soup still came out tasting great.
The principal were calling the graduates up to the stages. Each person walked up to receive their diploma. Once she called Jenna's name, she quickly stood up and walked. One of her heels broke and she end up slipping on the floor. Everyone stopped clapping for a second and then continued.
Casey was five and she really wanted a puppy. Her parents told her they couldn't have a puppy right now. Every day for a year, Casey asked about having a puppy. Finally Christmas day came. That morning, Casey cried when her gift was a new puppy!
Thomas was very depressed. His friends suggested that he go to therapy. He reluctantly went to his first meeting with a therapist. He actually felt better after the therapy session! Thomas was glad to have found something that helped him.
Jerry and Andrew decided to build a treehouse to hang out in. They gathered the materials but could not agree which tree was best. They argued about it and hurt each other's feelings. After they had thought about it, they apologized to each other. They decided friendship was more important than getting their own way.
Ann decided to bake muffins. She put muffins into the oven. She went to watch TV while muffins were baking. She forgot about it. In about half an hour her apartment was smoky.
Today was the day the trash man comes. I put out my can and noticed the wind picking up. I put a large rock on top of my trashcan. The rock did not stay in place. My trash blew down the street and made a big mess.
Ed had been warned there were jellyfish in the water. He ignored the warnings and went in to swim anyway. He was in the water for a few minutes when he felt a burning pain. He looked down and saw a jellyfish touching his side. He got out of the water as fast as he could.
Kim went to the butterfly conservatory with her family. At first she was nervous. The fluttering wings unnerved her. But then one landed on her hand and flapped its delicate wings. Kim, enchanted, immediately fell in love with the butterflies!
It had been raining all week long. The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing. Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk. He borrowed some rain gear and got everyone motivated. They walked through parks and forests in the rain.
Cathy took her daughter to the mall for a Halloween costume. Her daughter picked out a fairy costume. Cathy paid for the costume. They got ice cream at the mall. They went home.
Ben had some free time to himself. He began to use his time well by cleaning his kitchen. He picked up some chocolate chips that were left out. He would throw them away but the trash was full. Ben placed the chips in his pocket for now and the began to melt.
Joe watched his family sitting around to avoid the heat. Joe decided to give them a way to have fun and stay cool. Joe went to the store and bought an above ground pool. He spent an entire day day setting up and filling the pool. Joe was happy the next day as his family played together in the pool.
Tommy was very close to his dad and loved him greatly. His was a cop and was shot and killed on duty. Tommy cried in his mother's arms at the funeral. Tommy suddenly woke up in a cold sweat. Realizing he had just had a bad dream, he went and hugged his dad.
Kevin was at the grocery store. He was shopping for something to cook for dinner. Kevin wasn't sure what to get. He saw that ground beef was on sale. Kevin decided to get the ground beef for burgers.
Jim was sleeping. But he woke up to the sound of thunder. He began to hear rain too. Jim was upset that there was a storm. He did not want to drive in bad weather.
Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet. Backstage, her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup. When it came time for her to go on stage, she went out and danced. Then, she had to wait for the rest of the ballet to end. When it was over, her family gave her flowers.
Jamie knew there wasn't much time left. He raced up the ice after the puck. He saw his friend out the corner of his eye. He passed him the puck with a snap. His friend scored and they won the game.
Kate and her friends drove all the way to Las Vegas. But they didn't like their hotel. So they decided to look online. They sat in the car looking on their phones for a better deal. The glow from the phones lit up the entire interior of the car.
Tia and Paul were vacationing in Scotland. They went to Loch Ness, hoping to spot the notorious monster! The lake was decidedly placid. All they noticed were a few bubbles, likely from a fish. They told their friends they had spotted the monster nonetheless!
Gary called Carlin and asked to hang out. Carlin agreed, but she misheard the time. Gary went to meet her at eight o'clock. Carlin didn't show up, because she thought he meant ten o'clock. Luckily, they called each other and worked out the mistake.
Tom was hungry one night. He saw some cold leftover pizza. Tom tried to eat a slice. It was really old and disgusting. Tom didn't even bother trying to heat it up.
John and his friend have a competition. The competition is who can complete a video game faster. John plays day and night for three days to complete game. He finally completes the video game. He beats his friend by a hour.
Tina smirked at her group of friends and put the snail to her mouth. They egged her on to swallow it, daring her to go through with it. Tina pretended like she wasn't going to, but then gulped it down. She couldn't breath and started to turn blue. The snail had lodged in her windpipe, suffocating her.
Ryan was at a grocery store. And he saw shelves filled with chocolate bars. He decided to buy tons of chocolate that he didn't need. But when he needed to buy food the next time, he was short on money. Ryan decided to only buy what he needed from then on.
Nastia wanted to learn origami. She decided to spend her time after work learning the art. She spent years honing her craft. She became one of the best origami artists in the world. Alas, she developed carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop origami.
Lucy was very anxious to perform in the school play. She had always had stage fright, but this time was even worse. This time, Lucy was playing one of the starring roles in the show. Lucy's drama teacher told Lucy how great she was and eased her nerves. Lucy ended up rocking the performance and overcoming her stage fright.
Jennifer decided to take her dog for a walk. They walked around the block, and stopped to see the other dogs. Jennifer's dog was very happy. They walked until they couldn't walk anymore. They both got home and collapsed on the couch, exhausted but happy!
Brian loved babies. He thought they were very cute. One day, he saw a baby on the street. He held it until its mother returned. The mother thanked Brian profusely for helping her out.
Janelle loved dessert. Chocolate mousse was her favorite. Her husband made some for her for her birthday. It was very bitter and grainy. Janelle ate it so it wouldn't hurt his feelings.
Sam was rushing to an interview for an exciting new job. He tripped and tore a hole in the knee of his black suit. He did not have time to go home and change. Instead, he colored his knee black with a magic marker. No one was the wiser, and the interview went well.
Paul loves cats. He spends his Sundays volunteering at the local animal shelter. He spends the whole time taking care of the cats. Paul recently decided to get a cat for himself. He adopted a kitten from the shelter.
Kia planted peanuts in her backyard garden. She was excited to eat her home-grown peanuts. But she soon spotted something distressing. Animals were digging up and eating all of Kia's peanuts! She didn't get to eat even one peanut.
Ed needed new fish for his tank. He went to the pet store to look around. He saw a tank full of mislabeled piranha! They looked exotic but dangerous. Ed decided not to buy those fish!
Ted was moving. He threw a party before he left. He invited all his friends. A hundred people showed up. They all celebrated late into the night.
Our son-in-law dropped our keys. They slipped through the elevator into the shaft. We called maintenance. The elevator company had to come and retrieve the keys. We all laughed about the incident.
Pat and Lindsay needed to decide where to go for their honeymoon. They gathered a list of options online. The prices seemed to change so often and by large amounts. Pat suggested trying incognito mode on the web browser. They ended up seeing better rates by enabling this feature.
Ethan's dad was a sports card collector. He would show Ethan all the players and all the sports they played. He would explain who the cards will be worth money someday. Ethan got very interested in starting his own collection. Ethan's dad gave him a few cards to get his collection started.
We went to a dinner and show one night. There was a murder mystery on stage. Someone was killed, and we had to solve the murder. It was very entertaining. My son guessed the murderer correctly, and our meal was free.
John went ice skating. He expected to see normal people ice skating. He saw a professional ice skater. He was surprised and mesmerized by her skills. He enjoyed watching the professional ice skater in person.
During a trip to a thrift store I saw some high end clothes. They were never worn and still had the tags. I bought them and took them to the high end shop. I asked the clerk if I could return them for cash. She said I couldn't but offered me store credit.
Ron used to play pranks on animals. He often threw rocks at nearby animals. One day, he threw rock to my uncle's doberman. The dog bit him in the butt. Ron is scared of dogs ever since.
I always wanted to be a runner. I decided to join track and field. We practiced hard all summer. I was excited for the 1 mile run event. I won the race easily.
Morgan loved playing her guitar. One day, it was stolen. Her insurance company paid for it to be replaced. Morgan got a brand new guitar. She loves it much more than her old one.
Brian worked at a newspaper, but he like to perform stand up comedy. Brian was good at comedy, and someone took notice. He was offered a job hosting a comedy show for a local TV station. The writing for the show was bad, and it eventually got cancelled. Brian regretted quitting his day job at the newspaper.
Mark had set his pole on the ground waiting for fish. There were other people fishing but no one having any luck. After a few hours Mark got bored and decided to try using his net. He walked to the end of the dock and began to swish his net. Just then, his fishing pole was pulled into the water by a fish.
Yesterday I had to call in sick from work because I had a cold. I felt absolutely horrible. I decided to make myself a pot of chicken soup. The soup was delicious. Thankfully I felt a tiny bit better.
He slipped into his backpack smiling, the day had finally come! He was a sixth grader - the rulers of the school! She opened the front door and called for him to get into the car. At the drop off gate, he gave her a kiss goodbye and ran to his pals. Tears formed as she watched her little boy go off to rule the school.
The shower curtain was filthy. Pam decided to clean it. She sprayed it with cleaning spray. Then she scrubbed it. Finally, she rinsed it.
Jim had no air conditioner in his house. The summer day was very hot. Jim found an old fan to cool him off. He put the fan right on him. He kept cool all summer.
Allie made the cheerleading team. She was so excited. A few days later she had a competition. She helped the team win gold. Allie felt proud of herself.
Allie wanted a child. But she did not want to give birth. She didn't mean to be selfish but she was afraid of the pain. So she reached out to a potential surrogate. Thankfully the surrogate agreed to help her with it all.
My little sister is a pain. She wants to do everything I do. I get in trouble when I don't include her. Being the older one is hard. Now I know how my big sister feels.
Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon. Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it. One day she visited Washington State to try Pacific salmon. She loved how it tasted. From that day forward, salmon was Maxine's favorite fish.
Mother Theresa was a kind woman. Mother Teresa made miracles happen. She also took care of orphans. Mother Theresa died. Mother Teresa became a Saint.
As a child, we raised goats. We had several milking does, and a neutered male as a pet. The male, named Chocolate, was a very friendly goat, and a great pet. My parents decided he cost too much, and took him to the butcher. Later, I found ground meat in the freezer labeled chocolate.
Xena grunted with effort as she climbed the mountain. She'd trained for months for this moment. Every part of her body screamed agony. Xena ignored the pain and made it to the summit. She finally found herself as she gazed on the beauty below her.
I loved Vietnamese subs. I worked near Chinatown and bought subs there. I loved the sauces an oil in the sandwich. One day I bit into a sub and the oil stained my raincoat. I was never able to get the stain out.
New neighbors moved into Tim's apartment building. They were right across the hall from him. Tim decided to go over and introduce himself. They seemed friendly and talked for a while. Tim made plans with them to hang out and became friends.
Liz was trying to potty train her two year old. He refused to sit on the toilet. She had no idea what to do. She let her son watch a cartoon about how to use the potty chair. He figured it out and she no longer has to buy diapers.
Pearl was an invalid senior who was very lonely. Her kids decided to hire a nurse to care for her. Unexpectedly, her and the nurse became great friends. The nurse took Pearl to malls and fun outings. They stayed friends up until Pearl's death at 90 years old.
Jordyn was turning 13 soon and starting middle school. She thought this was a good time to wear makeup. Jordyn asked her mom if she could start wearing makeup. Her mom thought for many days about it. Jordyn was allowed to start wearing mascara only.
Someone had broken into the school. There were a lot of electronic missing or damaged. The police came to investigate. No one ever found out who had broken in. The school decided to install cameras on campus.
Sarah went roller skating for the first time today. Sarah strapped the roller skates to her feet. Sarah stood up very slowly. Her knees were shaking as she tried to balance herself. Sarah fell four times.
Joy was jealous when she didn't get an invitation to a sleep-over. Joy wanted to get revenge, so she started a rumor. She said the house of the sleep-over was infested with bed bugs. Joy was glad when she heard the sleep-over was cancelled. But Joy's mom heard of the infestation and made her clean the house.
Lacey decided she wanted to lose weight. She made an appointment with her doctor. They came up with a plan. She started the new diet with confidence. In the end, she lost twenty pounds and felt great about it.
Sam had to do chores. One of them was to rake leaves. It took him a long time to get them all. After he put them in a pile a strong wind hit. Sam had to start all over.
Mildred was tense. She had a lot of problems on her mind. She decided that she needed to redirect her energies better. She started doing yoga. Mildred could now relax more easily.
Tom ate a lot and got fatter and fatter. I asked him why he ate so much. He said it was because his wife, Mary, kept buying food. I asked Mary why she bought so much food. She said it was because Tom kept eating the food.
Tegan just arrived at Disneyland with his two daughters. They were so excited to be there. As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away. Tegan searched and searched for her. Finally, a staff member found her and returned her to Tegan.
Ashton was shaving his beard. He didn't have any shaving cream. Ashton tried using regular soap. The soap didn't work as well as his shaving cream. Ashton nicked his face shaving.
Kara had an event to go to. She needed her nails done. So she went to a local salon. Unfortunately they screwed up. So she had to get them redone.
George didn't like wearing his glasses. He often kept them in his pocket when he walked. When he bumped into a woman, he didn't recognized her. He apologized and went his way. Until she stopped him and he finally recognized his mother.
Dorian had to prepare a big speech. As he wasn't good at public speaking, he worked extra hard. He practiced in front of a mirror and with friends. When the day came, he was very stressed. He came to the podium, opened his mouth, and was unable to speak.
I wanted to learn statistics. Alas, it was too difficult. I decided to pick another subject. I picked algebra. It was much easier to understand!
Tia made scrambled eggs for breakfast. First, she cracked the eggs into a cup. Then, she mixed the eggs with salt and pepper. She fried them carefully in a pan. They eggs were fluffy and perfect.
Cathy wanted to try a new hiking trail near her house. Cathy decided she would do the trail on Sunday. Cathy decided to invite her daughter to walk the trail with her. In addition, Cathy decided to invite her husband as well. Cathy loved that her family would be walking the trail with her.
Patrick knocked his neighbor's door. He thought he had heard moaning. He busted open the door because he thought she needed help. He heard the moaning from the bathroom. He ran in, and his old elderly neighbor was having sex with the postman.
Jon was driving home from work. He remembered that his lizard had just ran out of food. So he drove to the nearest pet store. He found his lizards favorite food and bought it. He went home and fed his lizard.
Mary and Sue were college roommates. They ate pizza every night in their dorm room. One day, Mary noticed a terrible smell in the room. Sue had left a moldy pizza under her bed! Sue cleaned up the pizza and apologized to Mary for being messy.
Sue was on her daily run. She noticed the sky was a bit dark but didn't think much about it. She kept running and got further away from her house. Suddenly it started to rain. By the time Sue got home, she was soaked.
Greg needed money for a car. He had a difficult time finding a job. Since Greg was desperate he decided to rob a gas station. During the robbery the gas station recorded Greg. Police identified Greg and arrested him within hours.
John and I decided we wanted to see a baseball game today. We walked to the park and bought tickets. After the game started we bought hot dogs and sodas. The home team lost the game. We walked home sad.
Jack went to the candy store. He picked out a chocolate bar. He gave the clerk a dollar for the chocolate. Jack opened the candy bar and took a big bite. Jack chipped while eating the candy bar.
Dylan made great grades. His parents rewarded him with a new phone. Dylan spent every waking moment on his phone. He didn't do his homework, so he got F's. Dylan doesn't have a phone anymore.
Ian decided to take a road trip to visit his girlfriend. He drove all the way from California to Arizona that rainy night. As he drove through the mountains, the rain began to make the road sli. Ian screamed as the car careened off the road before hitting a tree. Ian was grateful to be alive even if his car was damaged.
Each student at my discipleship school had to share their testimony. I told of small group of them before it was actually my turn. As I spoke, I realized how detached I was from my story. I began to connect more with my circumstances in life and my past. When I finally told my testimony, I was able to truly connect.
Todd was feeling very tired. He didn't get much sleep the night before. He had a job interview that day. Instead of preparing for the job interview Todd slept. Todd didn't get the job because he missed his interview.
Jan wanted to stop smoking. He tried support groups and pills but nothing worked. Jan realized he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes. He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job. After six month in Antarctica, Jan no longer craved cigarettes.
Andrew thought he was a good golfer. He challenged his friend Dylan to see who was better. Dylan accepted the challenge and worked hard to prepare. Andrew was winning out of the gate, but things would soon change. Dylan ended up winning the next few holes and the match.
Brenda is a novelist and needed inspiration. She went to her local library to browse books for ideas. She saw a circle of six kids telling stories. She asked could she be involved with their storytelling. Brenda was amazed at how easily the kids told story and they had many.
Hank organized a pool party for his neighborhood. He invited everyone on the block. One of his invitations got lost by the mail. That neighbor assumed that Hank did not invite her. She held a grudge against him from then on.
I was telling a friend of mine a sad story the other day. I told him about the time my dog died. It was really sad, and it made my friend very sad. After I got done with the story he gave me a hug. That made us both feel a lot better.
Don asked his mom for a pet fish. She told him that he had to buy it with his own money. He went to the aquarium store and picked out a goldfish. He bought a fish bowl and some food for it. He took it home and set up a mini aquarium.
An elderly woman was waiting on the side of a street. She placed her feet on the road to start walking. However, a car tried to accelerate. Instead of going further, she placed her feet back. The car slowed down afterwards.
Doctor Jones was nervous about Tom's upcoming surgery. Tom had a very rare disorder and needed some help breathing. Tom had prepared for months for the surgery. He was physically healthy but very nervous mentally. Doctor Jones reassured him that it would be ok.
June's husband was getting ready to leave for a business trip. They were trying for a baby and she hoped to surprise him as he left. That morning she took a pregnancy test. To her sadness the test was negative, and she told her husband. He comforted her and promised they'd end up pregnant soon.
Teddy had free time at the end of his day. He decided to watch a few online videos. One after another, Teddy kept watching. Teddy had not moved an inch since he started watching. Teddy realized he spent 8 hours watching videos.
Earlier, Steve went to the jeweler to purchase an engagement ring. He then planned out how he would propose to his girlfriend that night. That night, he and his girlfriend went to dinner at a restaurant. After they finished, they went out for a walk at the park. Steve stopped and proposed to his girlfriend who happily said yes.
The mom and baby went into the yard. The baby crawled in the grass. The baby didn't like the grass. The baby crawled to her mom. The mom picked the baby up.
Lucy didn't want to go to church. It was long, and boring. Grandma insisted she go with them. In the car she tried again to convince grandma to let her stay home. Grandma gave her a stern look, and pulled out of the driveway.
Vic started filming himself tying a knot with fishing wire. He wanted to have the best lure tying channel on youtube. After the tenth take, Vic got a bit careless. He tied the knot so tightly it cut off circulation to his fingertip. He had to stop filming and find scissors to cut it off!
Kate was at Summer camp. She was jumping into the lake. Then, she felt something weird in her mouth. It was a tiny little fish. She screeched and climbed out of the water.
Jessie was in the park flying a kite. The wind began to blow stronger. Jessie lost control of the kite. It flew out of her hand and across the park. Jessie chased after the kite.
Eric realized he needed to bring his math grades up. He decided he should get a tutor for after school. Eric's tutor helped him with his math for several weeks. He felt more confident when solving math problems. Eric improved his grade to an A!
Tom was making hamburger buns. But he noticed that his dough wasn't fermenting. He decided to put the dough in the oven anyway. And he was left with dense, doughy buns. With guilt, Ian threw them away.
Caleb was bored one afternoon. He wanted to swim but his mom was busy. He decided to swim without her. He was in the pool when she noticed him. She yelled for him to get out and told him that wasn't safe.
I sold books on amazon to supplement my income. I was running out of books. One day  I saw a listing for free books on Craigslist. I drove down and filled up my car. I made $50 on the books I found.
John was ready to see the world. He decided to head to the amazon rain forest. He landed and couldn't believe the beauty of nature. He saw many types of wildlife and roamed the jungle. John had the trip of a lifetime and can't wait to go back.
Kim was given a Cabbage Patch Doll with growing hair for Christmas. If you pulled the dolls ponytail her hair grew up to 3 times as long. Kim and her sister played with the dolls hair all the time. After 7 months the hair was a tangled mess. The tangled mess was so bad the hair was stuck and no longer grew.
Stephanie was awakened by a loud noise. She jumped out of bed and look out the window. A car has struck her mailbox. The driver did not stop. Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox.
Ben walked up to two of his friends and extended a hand to Jim. Ben told Jim to give him the secret handshake. There was no secret handshake between them. Ben just wanted the other friend to feel left out. Ben and Jim made a silly handshake up on the spot.
I woke up this morning and saw that it had snowed. I decided to take my son to the park. We went to the park and played in the snow. My son complained that  he was too cold. I took him home to warm up.
I went to the bus stop to get my kids. On my way there my neighbor asked me to come inside for a minute. I stayed longer than I planned. When I got to the bus stop the bus was already gone. My kids were waiting for me at home when I walked in the door.
Jim has science fair judging tomorrow. He is extremely nervous. He spent three months on his project. He is convinced he will place but is still nervous. Jim won first place and will advance to regionals.
Eugene was very old. Her children sent her to a nursing home. Eugene was very nervous. Her children said it would be a good place for her. Eugene ended up loving it.
Meghan hates Organic Chemistry. She got a C- on her first test. She studied hard and worked with friends. On her final test, she managed to get an A-. Meghan still hates Organic Chemistry, but is proficient in it.
Ben was new at school and had no friends. He had a hard time trying to meet people in class. Ben decided to join a club to meet people. Ben joined the chess club. He soon made a group of nice friends.
The new trend in middle school was to make up nonsense words. Brian the 6th grader talked almost exclusively in gibberish. In math class his teacher sent him to the principal for it. Brian proudly accepted his punishment. On the way out the class he called his teacher a Snooty-foo.
Tim was jogging by his house. He noticed a bear going through the neighbor's trash. Tim got sticks and made loud noises. The bear ran away. Tim continued with his job.
Ben set up a picnic at the beach with his girlfriend. They took out several ingredients in order to prepare a sandwich. Ben sliced a loaf of white bread in half. While he placed it down, sand was blown in the air. It landed on the sandwich.
Betsy wanted to watch the new Crimson Peak movie. They went to the theatre to see it. No one else was there, so it must not have been popular. But they got some popcorn and watched it together. She said she enjoyed it and would recommend it to others.
Mariana went to the fair with her family. She saw lots of vendors selling toys. She went up to one of the vendors. She looked and handled the colorful toys. Mariana stole one of the toys while no one was looking.
Sean wanted to play a video game. He found the game he wanted online and ordered it. He was looking forward to it for days. Then, it arrived. Unfortunately, the game did not work.
Allie wanted to make a pizza. She decided to make it as big as possible. She made it enough for twenty people. Allie decided to give it to the poor. The shelter locally was very thankful for it.
Emily didn't have enough time to eat breakfast. She went to school on an empty stomach. By third period, she was so hungry. She was sitting in a quiet class when her stomach began groaning. Someone cracked a joke and Emily was embarrassed.
Fred got some coupons in the mail for free pizza. He decided he wanted to go there. He took his coupons and went every day. He still was no sick of pizza. He ended up saving seventy dollars.
Joe and Enid both had gotten puppies for Christmas. They decided to race their puppies to see who was best. But their puppies didn't want to race. They just wanted to play! So the boys decided they were both the best.
Jimmy is sitting on his couch. His stomach begins to growl. He heads to the kitchen to search for something to cure his hunger. Jimmy opens his refrigerator and grabs a jar of pickles. He opens the jar and takes out a pickle to eat it.
The boys wanted to go for a ride. They got their helmets on and grabbed their bike. They started heading down their street. They ended up riding to the park. They went on the swings and had fun.
Jim went to check his mail. There was nothing there. This was the third day without mail. He looked around and noticed a hole at the bottom. The mail had been falling through it.
Derek was only six when he began to get sick. It turns out he had a brain tumor and had to get an operation. The operation was a success but left a huge scar on his head. Derek worried his classmate would make fun of him. So he dad went and got a tattoo on his head matching the scar.
The family was so bored. Their TV had broken and they had nothing to watch! They played some games and read some books. They couldn't take it anymore! They went to the story to find a cheap replacement.
Barb's license was expired. She went to the DMV to renew it. She sat there all day. Finally, it was her turn. They told her she hadn't brought all the documents she needed.
My mother wanted a picture of the entire family. We all got dressed up in our best clothes. We got in the car and drove to the photographer. The photographer posed us and took the photo. Everyone got a copy of the photo and my mother was happy.
Tom loved an old song. He was never able to remember its name. He didn't know enough lyrics to look it up. Eventually Tom hummed it to a few friends. They were able to help him find it.
John was at work. He knocked a shelf over in the back room. The shelf made a big scratch in the paint on the wall. John found some paint under the bathroom sink. He quickly painted the wall so no one would know what happened.
Ana received a letter from her car insurance company. It had an envelope for her to return their monitoring device. She carefully removed it from under her dashboard. Ana used excessive tape in closing the envelope with the device. She sent it back to them in the mail the next day.
Sally liked truffles a lot. She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu. But it wasn't the truffles she had thought. It was the fungi truffles, not the candy truffles. She wasn't happy the rest of the dinner.
Drew was a famous drummer in town. He was scheduled to perform tonight. He was going to drum something new tonight. The crowd was awed at the new drumming solo. The solo was in the news as the best drumming ever.
Charles' grandmother told him do not date a white girl. All white girls want from black men is money. But Christina, who was white, made friends with Charles months ago. They went to lunch and she told Charles she liked him. Charles said he was a poor student, but Christina really wanted him.
The football game would be decided on this field goal attempt. Jake lined up the ball with the goal posts. He gave the signal for the snap. As his foot connected with the ball, he knew the kick was good. The game winning football sailed through the uprights.
When Charles and Elizabeth got married, they were very poor. Charles could not afford to buy her an engagement ring. She was disappointed, but Charles worked hard and Elizabeth was happy. On their 20th anniversary, Charles bought her an expensive ring. Elizabeth was very surprised, but she loved him even without it.
I was coming home when I saw my neighbors. Jane is the mother of five year old Charles. Charles took my cane. Jane told him to give it back. I knew Charles was mischievous so I didn't mind.
Jason said he didn't think he was a neat freak. But his girlfriend warned him that he was obsessed with cleaning. One morning she left a can opener on the counter. Jason felt disrespected when he saw the can opener out of place. He fussed at his girlfriend until she said the relationship was over.
John has worked on roofs his whole life but his knees are hurting. One day on the roof he had to grab someone when he lost balance. The boss was worried what would happen if John got hurt. He worked John less and less. Then finally the boss fired John.
Paul forgot to get his girlfriend a card for Valentine's Day. He ran to the store to pick one up for her. When we go there, the selection was limited. There were only cards for grandma from grandchildren. Paul bought it anyway and wrote over it for his girlfriend.
Sam's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living. The kids listed careers such as doctor, lawyer and fireman. Sam's turn came and he said his dad was a CIA agent. This piqued the interest of the other kids. Then, Sam felt he had betrayed his out of work dad.
The batter stepped up to the plate. The pitcher got a signal from the catcher. He squared up ready to throw. He zipped a fastball towards the plate. The batter crushed it out of the park for a home run.
Noel couldn't believe it when they legalized Medical marijuana. He checked a tabloid for doctors who issued Medical marijuana cards. Noel told the doctor he had trouble sleeping. The doctor gave Noel a card to by medical Marijuana so he could sleep. Noel legally bought marijuana in California and was stoked.
Charles rarely went to church. This was because he was not very religious. After a while, he saw his friends going. With this in mind, he decided to. Now, Charges goes to church every week.
David went to Magic Kingdom in Orlando Florida. He wanted to ride on space Mountain but the line was very long. His friend Peter told him to get a fast pass to make the wait shorter. A fast pass allows you to use a special line. Instead of waiting for an hour David was able to get on in 15 minutes.
Franky was upset that his bedroom door creaked. When he had to get up in the middle of the night it woke everyone up. He went to the store and bought some oil. He used to oil to lube the hinges. Now he can open the door without hearing a creak.
Heather had recently entered middle school. She loved all of the changes and new responsibilities. Her favorite thing though was the chance to attend a dance. Her first one was that very night. Heather had the best time ever and couldn't wait for more dances.
Louis would always read his children bedtime stories before bed. He always made goofy faces and dramatic impersonations. The children would laugh and scream with delight. It was everyone's favorite part of the night. Louis wished his children would never outgrow it.
Millie was late for work. As she was wearing high heels, it was very difficult to do. She tripped many times and ended up on her knees. So she removed her shoes to run the remaining distance. Once at work, she put her shoes back and walked to her desk.
For a long time I was waiting for a new keyboard. My iPad was in need of one. Thankfully I ordered one online and it came. The shipping was fast and cheap. The keyboard works great.
Xander went on a trip to Africa when he was younger. He loved playing with the monkeys in the resort he stayed at. Xander had always wanted to have one as a pet. One day he came across an ad for a monkey for sale. Xander thought about it and decided owning a monkey was a bad idea.
Lisa decided to buy a gift. It was her grandmothers birthday. She bought a necklace online. It was beautiful. Her grandmother cried.
Eric hated his job. He was very unhappy there. He started looking for a new job. It took a long time. Finally he got a great new job!
Ali was suspended unfairly. Her mother convinced the principal to revoke the suspension. Everyone was shocked when Ali walked into her class. The principal explained everything to her teacher. Ali's' friends cheered as she took her seat.
Frank hated wearing old socks. He bought a drawer full of new ones. They were so comfortable! He kept the socks on all the time. Having new socks made him wish for new underwear, too.
I bought some tea. It was for stress. The moment I took it however, I felt ill. My heart was racing. So I learned my lesson about the tea.
Gary tied up his brother. He refused to let him go. His parents came home. They looked for Gary's brother. They found him tied up.
My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner. This is one of my favorite meals. However, the chicken came out a little pink. We were worried it was a little undercooked. We just put it back in the oven to ensure we do not get sick.
No one suspected that the garbage man was actually a Russian spy. He stole documents from the president's trash and sent them to Moscow. He found out that the president preferred Pepsi to Coke. The spy sold this info to Pepsi for millions. He gave up on spying for Russia and is a spy for Pepsi.
One day I went to the mall to get some new shoes. I went to Footlocker and it was empty. But within minutes a large group of 20 people walked in the store. In the middle of the group there was a very large man. As the man got closer to me I noticed it was Shaquille O'neal!
The boy wanted to play baseball. His parents signed him up for baseball. He went to the first practice. He was scared. He made a lot of friends at practice.
Lisa loved designing clothes. She always drew them a lot. Yet she wanted to actually make them. She got a sewing machine as a result. She made her first dress immediately.
The family was poor. The father bought a lottery ticket. He won a lot of money. He left the family. The family stayed poor.
My mom used to go sledding by her parent's cottage. They would bring the sled up these giant sand dunes that were frozen. They would slide down them, but one time they had the unexpected. They went too fast and went all the way down to the water. The lake wasn't completely frozen so they got soaking wet.
As part of a trip, Kelli and her friend went to the ice cream factory. The girls were able to create their own flavors. They tasted very good. Immediately when they flavors were created, the girls packaged them. They got to take them home after.
My friend Nancy has not had a boyfriend since 2013. She has been living alone in her house for three years. Over the weekend she painted her bulkhead. She poste how she missed having a man but was proud of her paint job. I think she should take a feminism pill.
I found myself locked in my room without a way to open my door. In a state of disarray, I began to punch and kick the door feverishly. Finding this to be no help, I launched into the frame. As the wood began to split in half, I realized what I had done. I switched the doorknobs in a rage and forgot to set it to unlock!
Tom's neighbors had an old tree. Tom told them it was dangerous. One night a storm knocked it over. It fell on Tom's car. Tom sued his neighbors to pay for damages.
Tom wanted to take his girlfriend out to eat. He tried to take her to a fancy dinner. He grew up poor and didn't know what that was, though. Tom took her to what was actually a mid level place. Tom's girlfriend was not impressed.
Allie went to the zoo. She was excited. But all the sudden she saw a pile of trash. It was a bad sight. She ordered someone to take it out.
Tom was walking down an old road. He saw many large potholes. Tom would step over them. Tom viewed it as a game. Tom became very good and avoiding holes in the road.
Deb was not always a good mom. She wasn't in her child's life for many years. Once they reunited, Deb wanted to make it right. She apologized and worked hard to build their relationship. It worked and they were close.
At the ultrasound, the doctor told Charlotte she's having a boy. Charlotte and her husband were happy to have a son. The day came to have the baby. When the baby was delivered, it turned out to be a girl! The parents were delighted by the surprise.
Kevin was walking to school. But he had a feeling that something bad would happen. He saw a black car with tinted windows driving along side him. And the person yelled and asked for directions. Kevin decided to run away.
Scott was on the beach when he felt a tickle on his neck. His girlfriend squealed and jumped off of the blanket. Scott jumped up too asked her what was wrong. She pointed to a tiny crab crawling across their blanket. They both laughed.
Lisa was having a sleepover with several friends. But there weren't enough beds for everyone. Three of Lisa's friends decided to share a bed. But when they got on, the legs of the bed frame broke. Everyone agreed to help Lisa pay for a new bed frame.
Emily was fascinated with the stamp on the letter she received. She decided to start collecting unique stamps. Her father bought her a book about stamp collecting. After reading the book, she went to the post office. The postmaster was able to give some stamps to start her collection.
I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake. The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it. I had to be very careful to finish the job with the cracked rake. Alas, the crack grew and the rake split in two. I took out tape and was able to fix the rake to finish the job.
Lando bought a new pair of white tennis shoes. They were expensive and he was excited. It hadn't rained for days. When he went out within minutes he walked in a puddle. He didn't know how it was even there and was really upset.
Katie wanted to make a fashion statement. She put on a bright blue hat. It had a huge brim and a big bow. People noticed when she walked down the street. She got a lot of comments about how fun her new hat was.
Cathy had to go to church every Sunday. She did not like going there at all. One sunday Cathy decided to skip church. Instead she ran away to the lake. Cathy got yelled later that day.
Tom sat at home as if he hadn't a care in the world. His peace was disturbed by a ringing phone. It was the school. He had forgotten to pick up his son. Tom drove quickly to the school to pick up his son.
My friend Mark hooked up with me a few Years ago. Mark and I were good high school friends, but lost contact. I had seen Mark in 2013, but not since then. Tonight his wife contacted me on Facebook and said my email was bad. I sent Mark an email explaining I had switched email accounts.
Dan got cut from the football team his junior year. The coach said he was too slow and he needs fast people. Dan was very upset but motivated to be better. He spent all offseason working on his speed. He dropped twenty pounds and made the team the next year.
Fred was fishing in a lake by himself. And he was getting tired of waiting for a fish to bite. But suddenly, he felt something catch his fishing rod. And it was a fish with three eyes. Fred was very disturbed and went home immediately.
Robby was taking calculus for one of his college courses. He was really struggling with that particular class. After failing the first test, Robby decided to drop out of the class. Robby signed up for an easier algebra class instead. Robby was able to pass with an A easily in his new algebra class.
Gina's friend May had brought them friendship bracelets. But Gina hadn't gotten one. Gina was sad to have been left out. May saw Gina's sad face and felt bad for her. May promised she would bring one for Gina tomorrow.
Corey liked to drink energy drinks. He tended to drink several in a day. Corey started to have chest pains. He went to the doctor. The doctor told him he was drinking too much caffeine.
Molly was so excited about her upcoming birthday. She was finally going to be 18, officially an adult. She decided to move out and be on her own. Her parents threw her a surprise birthday party. Molly was sad about leaving them.
John looked at the elevator and the stairs. Since the elevator was full he decided to take the stairs. Once he went up a few flights he checked which floor he was on. He had gone up 2 floors too many. John descended 2 floors to be where he wanted.
One day we went to the arcade. Inside the arcade was a claw machine with huge balls inside. We had one person on the claw and one person on the side. The side person gave directions to get a better grip on the ball. In the end we captured a ball!
The man put in green contacts. He went to a dinner party. Everybody noticed his eyes looked different. He liked the attention. He started wearing different colored contacts every day.
There was a man who scavenged the streets in search for lost change. He came across a rare quarter that was worth 50 cents. He made a note of this gain for tax purposes later on in the year. This quarter made the 50th dollar he found that year. The man figured at that rate he'll have $60 by December.
Laura and her boyfriend were fighting as they were driving. Due to their bickering, they were not paying attention to the road. Laura looked away in anger and suddenly screamed. A pack of deer were standing an inch from the road. Their near accident made them stop fighting and they made up.
My parents didn't like me playing computer games all day. However, I am glad that I did. Computer games made me smarter. It also helped teach me how to code. Computer games defiantly made my life better.
Sandy made an appointment at the hair salon. She told the hairstylist to trim her hair by an inch. Her hairstylist however, cut her her hair way too short. Sandy was very upset about it. She decided to never go back to this hairstylist again.
Jimmy was failing two classes in school. His parents grounded him until his grades improved. Jimmy tried to sneak out to meet his friends. Jimmy's dad caught him. Jimmy got into even more trouble.
Fred tried to buy some bread and meat to eat. The cashier refused his credit card. The customer in line behind Fred payed for the food. Fred felt very grateful to the other customer. On the way home he made sandwiches for two homeless people.
Kylie was plugging in a computer. Her finger was touching the metal prongs just slightly. When she plugged the plug in, she felt a sharp heavy pain up her arm. She realized that she had electrocuted herself on accident. From then on, she was much more careful.
Katie was filthy. She filled the bathtub with water. She climbed in and smiled. The hot water felt so good! Katie sat in the hot water for an hour.
Tim was playing ball. He threw it on the roof. He started crying. His dad saw what happened. His dad got the ball so Tim would stop crying.
David was looking forward to the big game on Saturday. He collected his foam finger, seat cushion and noisemaker. Then he laid out his favorite game day clothes so they would be ready. On game day a big storm washed out the road leaving from his house. Wearing all of his gear, David watched the game on the television.
Walter hated doing the laundry. He always paid his brother to do it when it was his turn. This last time Walter had no money. He offered several other things but his brother turned them down. Walter eventually did it himself.
We have over 50 cows that are across from our house. Every morning I go out on my front porch and see them gathering. I go out and enjoy my coffee while they are eating the morning grass. Sometimes the farmer gathers the cows in the barn. It's not quite as beautiful when they aren't there.
Bob left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink. He had only turned around for a few seconds. But when he sat back down it was gone. He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips. He knew not to trust her around the table any more.
Kelsey was on a trip with her boyfriend. One night, they started to argue over something. The fight began to escalate and both people were being very harsh. Finally, they decided to break up. Kelsey called her parents and went home that night.
Danny went fishing near the lakeside. His bait started to rattle. Danny was knocked down by the pull on the fishing net. When an alligator came out of the water, Danny got up. He decided to run as fast as he can.
My sister dropped my nephew off at 9 AM. I took him out to breakfast at his favorite breakfast spot. After eating we went to the playground. He slid down the slide for two hours. We walked home and took a nap.
Chris was at a horror movie theater. And he was glad to be sitting in the first row. One scene really scared him. And he wished he could sit even closer. Chris had a great time.
Sam really wanted to impress Mary. He had a big crush on her. He went to Mary's house with his guitar. He played love songs on his guitar. Mary told Sam to go home.
Jane had a birthday coming up. Her boyfriend didn't know what to buy her. He asked a friend who recommended a book. Jane's boyfriend got it for her. Jane was happy with her gift.
Mason was the hot young piano prospect in jazz. He performed at any venue, big and small. One day, Mason decided he was too old to keep performing. He switched careers at the old age of nineteen. Mason now makes his living driving a public transit bus.
Rebecca found something amazing at a vintage shop. It was a bolt of antique lace. She bought it and planned on making lots of beautiful things with it. Her first project was a handkerchief. She was going to carry it on her wedding day.
Joey was walking near a barbed wire fence. He got his favorite pants caught on it and they ripped a hole. He was very angry about it. His friends saw it and thought it was super cool. Joey decided he didn't mind his ripped pants at all!
It was Hank's day off. He took a relaxing stroll to the beach. While there, he took pictures of the waves on the shore. He even got a photo of a passing boat. Hank felt much more refreshed when he went back to work.
Heather and her family really wanted tacos for dinner. Two of the children wanted chicken tacos. The other two children wanted beef. Heather took great care preparing all the tacos that each wanted. Everyone sat down at dinner and enjoyed eating the tacos together.
Dougie loved elephants. He once spent an afternoon with some at a reserve in Africa. He got to bathe it and feed it. He enjoyed it so much, that he goes back every summer. As well as the normal activities, he would help to campaign for them.
Bob heard a noise in his house. He followed the sound to the kitchen wall. Bob cut a hole in the wall. A small kitten crawled out of the hole. Bob was surprised to see his feline visitor.
Bill was sad. He felt like no one needed him. He was only a kid. His mother and father put his mind at ease. They said that they loved him and needed him more than anything.
Ken wanted to play catch with his dad. His dad was too tired from work. Ken went out to play alone. His dad saw through a window. He felt bad and went out to play with him.
It Was a Dark dreary night in Argentina, Carlos was Scared. Why you ask because Carlos never liked the storms or lightening. Carlos's mom said don't worry baby you are safe and sound here inside. Carlos Cuddled up next to his mom and she told him stories. Carlos felt much safer next to his mom and they awaited it to pass.
I bought myself a mint plant for my window. When it doesn't get enough water it droops. I have nicknamed it 'Moody'. I tell my boyfriend to 'feed Moody' and he gets confused. I explain myself and he laughs.
I walked on campus. While walking across the hallway, the professor greeted me. He introduced himself to the class and went over the syllabus. Afterwards, my mom came to the school in order to pick me up. She took me out to dinner since I was hungry.
Ken was playing videogames with friends. He got angry at constantly losing. Eventually he lost his temper. He threw the control across the room. Ken wasn't invited back to play again.
Gina spent an hour trying to solve a math question. She got frustrated and decided to take a break. After 10 minutes, she continued to work on the problem. Eventually she gave up and asked the teacher for help. He was able to solve it within 5 minutes.
Shay was playing hide and seek with his brother. He hid behind the kitchen stove. His brother looked for him everywhere. But eventually he had to give up. Shay had won the game!
David was walking to his friend's house. He found a ten dollar bill on the ground. David picked up the money. No one was around. He put the money into his pocket.
Taigen's mom worked all day. Taigen went to daycare. She was really bad in day care. The daycare called Taigen's mom. Taigen was grounded for a week.
Jimmy and Jay are friends. Usually when they hang out, they just go to stores. They first went to the mall. Then they went to get some food. They had a fun time.
Charles was in trouble with his mother because he was poor. But it wasn't his fault he was poor. He told his mother that jobs don't pay money these days. To prove his point, Charles found a sales job. After two weeks he didn't have a check because he didn't make sales.
Last week I had an interview. I was supposed to be there at ten in the morning. When I entered there, I got a dirty look. I realized I was an hour late. The boss was not thrilled.
Jeff went to the bowling alley to bowl with his friends. At the alley, Jeff told his friends that he had been attacked. Jeff's friend Walter asked who had attacked him. Jeff said that the attacker thought Jeff was another person. Walter told Jeff to find the other person and ask them about it.
Madeline was walking through a bazaar on vacation. Something immediately caught her eye. It was a handmade necklace with a small elephant trinket. She had to have it. Madeline purchased the necklace with a smile.
The local doughnut shop always throws away extras at night. Joey found this out recently. He started going right at closing time. He would get everything they were planning on throwing out. Joey ate doughnuts for free for months.
My  brother and I were playing with his bow and arrow kit. We were standing in the yard. He got frustrated when he missed his target. He threw the bow at the ground. It broke, and came back up and hit his eye, damaging it.
Flossie won a pair of red and gold leggings. She felt she looked better in green and silver. One day she decided to trade the leggings. Someone had her desired green and silver leggings. Flossie happily traded.
Melanie wanted to win the school lottery. The prize was a new bike. She got all of her friends to enter. When the lottery was announced, she did not win. However, her friend won and shared the bike.
Twas the night before christmas. Chad got out at 12 am to get the cookies. He then saw his parents putting gifts under the tree. He was shocked. He found out Santa was his parents.
Paul went to the store to look for a new bike He found a shiny new blue one that he loved. Unfortunately the bike cost more then Paul had to spend. He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money. Paul went back to the store and purchased the bike.
Molly and Zach have been fighting for 2 months and finally broke up. Zach was not happy and left for a vacation. Molly said Zach was running away from his problems like always. When Zach got at the airport he saw Molly standing there. She said she missed him, then they went on the vacation together.
Mark realized he was overweight and decided to go on a diet. He bought some sugar-free cream that was 10 calories a serving. Every day he would pour this cream into his coffee. After a month he found out that he gained 10 pounds. The label said it was 100 calories, not 10, thanks to a smudge on it.
I met Randy at the mall. He turned out to be from a town a few miles away. He said he was the cousin of a friend. By the time the day was over, we were holding hands. I gave him my number, but he never called.
Jake was making pasta. He ran out of sauce. He had to make it tasty. He mixed the pasta with 5 types of spices. His friends said it was the best pasta ever.
Rory went away to summer camp for the first time. It sounded very fun! He was 11 and felt mature enough to go. But within two days, he was desperately homesick! He wrote his mom and dad, begging them to bring him home early!
Ron went out to eat. He ordered a sandwich that sounded great. The waitress brought him his sandwich. Ron's sandwich tasted funny. Ron sent it back to the chef.
The boy climbed a tree. He got covered in sap. His mom was upset that he was all sticky. The boy tried to wash it off. The sap took a very long time to get off the boy.
Nell had always wanted to go to Spain. As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid. She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore. Her explorations led her to walk the Camino de Santiago. Two months later she flew back to the United States a happy woman.
Kristen went to get Chinese food. She ordered General Tso's chicken. She got curious and asked the waitress who General Tso was. The waitress just shrugged. Kristen kept wondering but never found the answer.
Steve was training to be an aircraft pilot. Steve had one more test before he could fly solo. As they neared the airport the instructor killed the engine. Steve made an emergency landing on the runway. Steve passed the test and could now fly solo.
Taylor heard great things about a new book. He decided to go to the bookstore to buy it. He saw a girl holding the last copy. After talking to her, they went to get coffee. Now Tyler has a new friend and a new book.
Kate was going to her friends house to play. There was an apple on the sidewalk. She thought it was odd for food to be outside. She looked up and realized the tree in their yard was an apple tree. She realized she had never paid much attention.
Dora went outside to check on her garden. She found nineteen zucchinis all ready to be picked. Dora picked the zucchinis. She brought them inside. Dora looked up recipes for zucchini bread to use all of them up.
Anna was taking too many breaks at work. She had been warned by her friends, but she did not listen. Then her supervisor called her into his office. He handed Anna a written warning! Anna knew she had to stop taking so many breaks!
Kieren decided one day to practice for his town's skating club. He bought a skateboard and started watching tutorials. After a few days, he put his knowledge to work and tried to ride it. Kieren got frustrated because he kept falling off. He decided that skateboarding was not for him.
Auntie Elm likes to cook dinner. She went fishing and caught a fish. She cleaned and seasoned it. She threw it in some hot grease to fry. Auntie's whole family ate that whole fish for dinner.
Agnes had never wanted children. She used birth control. Agnes had symptoms suggesting she may be pregnant. She knew that birth control was not always effective. Agnes decided to buy a home pregnancy testing kit.
Jake loved his dad's old hot rod. It needed some work. They both fixed it up together. On Jake's 18th birthday his dad gifted it to him. Jake kept it for many years.
Will loved painting. He worked hard at it and enjoyed it. He submitted a painting to an art contest. He received first place! His art was displayed in an art show for people to view.
Mary always warned her kids to lock the doors. One day they forgot to lock the doors. Somebody broke in and stole all their Christmas presents. Now Mary's kids listen to her. Mary's kids lock the doors every day.
Charles wanted Maria in a sexual way. Charles didn't know Maria wanted him too. One evening at work, she asked him for a foot massage. While massaging her feet, they didn't know their boss was watching. Their boss watched by security cam and then walked in on them.
My wife and I love Chinese pot stickers. Recently we bought a different brand. The bag did not come with a dipping sauce. Luckily we had a bag of the sauce available. We decided not to buy this brand.
John went to the bookstore. He looked up and down the aisles for an interesting read. After an hour of browsing he stopped in the classics. He picked up a book of Edgar Allan Poe's work. This was exactly what he was hoping to find.
Jay was riding his bike as fast as he could. There were some mean bullies chasing him. Jay skidded around a curve in the street. He lost control of his bike and fell off, skinning his knees. The bullies rode past, laughing, while Jay cried.
Neil was traveling across Africa. He arrived in the country of Mali. He took a cab to his hotel. Then he went out and ate a traditional African dinner. Neil knew he was really going to like Mali!
My daughter graduated from college in 2007. The ceremony was held in a stadium. My sister-in-law could not climb the stairs. She was out of breath because she smoked and was overweight. She tried to stop smoking but failed.
Gabriel was watching a local band playing. The band was playing at a bar. The drummer was a female. Gabriel was attracted to the woman on the drums. He offered to buy her a beer after the show.
She was fed up. She drove to the ice cream shop. She drowned her sorrows in ice cream. She ordered a large cone. She sat down and ate silently.
Tom's mouse started messing up. It would skip around and lose sensitivity. Tom was first going to buy a new one. Then he remembered it had a lifetime warranty. Tom called the company and had it replaced.
Matt lived in constant pain. Every day he would have intense migraines and headaches. He began going to the doctor to find a way to stop them. The doctor prescribed him medicine after medicine. Finally they found one that worked for him.
Allison was always a fan of the vikings. But most of all she loved their swords. Her favorite was the ulfberht and she decided to make one. Using a long lock of hair and iron ingots from home she forged. Hours later she quenched the blade, her very own ulfberht.
Tina's mom was making cupcakes for her class bake sale. Tina wanted to help. Her mom knew Tina would likely just make a mess. But to please Tina, she let her daughter help. Sure enough, Tina had a great time "helping" get flour everywhere!
Pyotr wanted a raise. He worked hard and felt that he deserved it. But when he asked his boss, he was denied. His boss told Pyotr that the company did not have money for raises. Pyotr was very disappointed.
Gina's family was going on a road trip. Her siblings were in the car asleep. To her delight no one fought her for a window seat. She simply pushed her sister over and sat on the outside. Gina watched the landscape as she ate her chips.
My mom was boiling her soup. She turned the setting to the highest heating point. Since it was her first time using the stove, she wasn't aware of it. A few minutes later, the soup exploded in the pot. It started to flood the stove.
I went inside to fix my wound. I found a pack of bandages. I pulled one out, smiling at the artwork. It was covered in images of Minions. I put it on the wound, sealing it from infection.
Tom works at the local grocery store. He loves stocking the shelves best. One day while stocking shelves, there was a big earthquake. All the product Tom placed on the shelves were now on the floor. After working all night to restock shelves Tom likes cashiering now!
Sam was at his school gym. He was lifting weights. He tried to push more weight than he could lift. Sam was trying to show off. He wasn't able to and brought the weight down.
Ciara knew she was going to be late coming home last night. She had a curfew of 11pm on school nights, no excuses. She still decided to go see a movie that would end after 11pm. When she got home her parents were awake to yell at her. She was grounded from her phone for a week, she won't miss it again.
There was a scary, abandoned, small house near my grandma's. None of us dared go in it. One day, my cousins played hide and seek near the house. We heard a noise coming from the house! We all ran faster than ever to get away!
Winter has arrived earlier than expected in New York. New Yorkers are scrambling as a snowstorm approaches. This snowstorm is the first of the season. It is very cold out. All New Yorkers are buying up winter supplies.
DJ Polly had a big performance that night. He had practiced spinning for weeks for this event. He would be performing in front of thousands of people. When he started his set his equipment wouldn't turn on. He pressed play on his ipod and the audience didn't even notice.
When I was bartending, two of my favorite actors came into my work. They stayed all night. I took a ton of pictures with them. Three days later I lost my phone. I've never seen any of the pictures I took with the actors.
The guests all huddled behind the couch. They were throwing their friend a surprise party! When he got home, they all jumped out and yelled. Their friend was so surprised! It was a great party.
Lori was planning on grocery shopping. She spent hours building the perfect list. Then, she headed to the store prepared to shop. Once there she realized that she had forgotten her list. She had to guess and hope to remember everything.
Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen. He'd started a pot of coffee which was now done. Cal poured himself a bowl of cereal. He then poured coffee on top of it. Cal didn't realize what he'd done until he slurped the first spoonful.
Larry wanted to get his hunting rifle professionally cleaned. He made sure to unload his gun beforehand. However, his friend decided to prank him by secretly loading it again. When Larry got to the gun cleaners' he accidentally shot the wall! The gun cleaner made him play a fee to fix the wall.
My wife was laid off last week. She went online to apply for unemployment. The process took only half an hour. She received her notification of benefits yesterday. She was surprised how quick the process was.
Joe was a perfectionist. So he was very anxious most of the time. His health started to become bad. And eventually, he was diagnosed with high blood pressure. As Joe thought about his problems, his anxiety only became worse.
Bess just bought a new purse. It was a large black designer purse. As she was walking in the grocery store the alarm went off. The clerk had to check it. Lo and behold there were 2 sensors in her large purse!
Bob enjoyed drinking wine. He never understood why people drank out of a glass. He always poured his wine in a cup. One day Bob tried a glass. The wine tasted so much better!
Frederick wanted to bake a pie for his family. He wasn't particularly great at baking but wanted to give it a try. After preparing the pie he set the timer and put the pie in the oven. Halfway through baking the timer broke and never alarmed. Frederick forgot about the pie and it burned up in the oven.
Angela told the guys that she needs several minutes to get ready. She walked upstairs to use the bathroom. In the meanwhile, the guys started to leave the house. Angela found out that they were already walking to the van. They ended up leaving her.
I challenged my doctor to a match of Tennis. Since he was 60 years old, I doubted that he was good in the game. Since I had the ball first, I served it. As soon as it came in his direction, he was able to hit it. I didn't see where the ball went since it moved quickly.
Joyce noticed a little injured crow. She took it home with her. Joyce helped rehabilitate the little crow. The crow comes and goes as it pleases. Every time it returns, the crow brings Joyce a trinket.
Something was wrong with Earl's toaster. He looked at the manual to troubleshoot it. He decided to change the coils. He carefully followed the instructions. Now the toaster worked great!
I was supposed to write a scary story for English class. I couldn't think of anything scary! My mom told me about her dream the previous night. I wrote about her dream and pretended it was my idea. I got an A.
I was curious what is like to be a famous writer like Walter Mosley. I wrote a story about my worst childhood memory. I studied how to put my writing in ebook form. I put story online for sale at two ninety nine a copy. I am now an Amazon dot com best selling author slash writer.
Yesterday my headphones broke. I really wanted some new ones. I looked everywhere for the perfect pair but couldn't find any. Finally I picked some up at Best Buy. They were perfect.
James wrote short stories for a living. The hardest part was making interesting characters. When he got stuck he used people he knew. James' roommate noticed that he had been used in a story. He shared this information and many others angrily realized the same.
Richard was so excited to get a new baby sister. His mom and dad told him that soon he would be a big brother. Richard learned everything he could about having a baby sister. When his sister finally came he couldn't believe it! He was the best big brother to his new baby sister.
I went to a party with my friend. At the party, someone offered us illegal substances. I refused but my friend accepted the substances. My friend overdosed. I took him to the hospital but he died.
Tommy loved summer because that's when the ice cream truck came out. One morning, he got up early and stuffed his pockets with change. He waited all day. Finally, around 5 o'clock, he heard that familiar tune from the truck. He bought ice cream cones for him and his sister.
The office just hired a new girl. She wore cheap perfume every day. It filled the office every time she walked by. It gave everyone a headache. Human Resources had to send her an email about distracting odors.
Joey went out to eat at a restaurant. The waiter brought his check at the end of the meal. Joey noticed that the waiter looked very tired. He tipped the waiter a large sum of money. The waiter appreciated the extra money!
Dan had a beard for Years. Today, he decided to shave it clean. He watched a new face emerge as he shaved. When he was done, he wanted to show his little girl. She screamed and ran away!
The man wrote a book. He submitted it to a publisher. The publisher said it was garbage. The man self-published the book. He sold several hundred copies.
Wendy opened the oven. She used two mittens to take out a roasted chicken. The bottom of the pan touched leg. She screamed and threw the pan up in the air. The chicken landed on the ground.
Brian has lost his ability to walk after breaking both legs at work. His doctor told him that it was time for him to start walking again. He tried day after day to get on his feet but could still not walk. After 8 weeks he finally could manage to walk to his back door. Now he is fully capable of walking and is back to work.
Pat was at a college party. People kept asking him to drink alcohol illegally. Pat was an honest kid and declined their offers. Pat was taught to not give into peer pressure. He was able to have a good time that night without alcohol.
The boy ran through the sprinkler. His clothes got all wet. He went home to his mom. His mom was upset that his clothes were wet. She told him to only go in the sprinkler with swim trunks.
The child had virtually no fat. He was always cold. The nurses wrapped him in numerous blankets. He continued to shake uncontrollably. His mother held him close to his body, which warmed him up.
One day the Caller family decided to visit the lighthouse. They climbed up to the top. They had a beautiful view. They also thought the giant light was cool. They had a fun day.
Larry was the last contestant on the game show. He had to roll a 3 on the dice in order to win a million dollars. His palms were sweaty as he threw the dice. His jaw dropped as he saw the dice land on the number 3. He spent his winnings on a brand new car.
I helped my friend Have move out of his home. I helped sell his stuff on eBay. While cleaning, he found condoms in his teenage daughter's room. He had an argument with her. I left the house while they were fighting.
Nancy hired Amelia to babysit her kids. Amelia showed up with toys and games. They read lots of books and sang songs. The kids went to bed on time and the house was spotless. Nancy recommended Amelia to all her friends!
My niece works for the Massachusetts  DMV. The DMV was closed on Columbus Day. The day after, some customers complained about the DMV. They wanted to know why this fact was not publicized. She said it was on the DMV website.
Ben offered to cook dinner tonight. He placed a turkey in the oven and boiled a few mashed potatoes. The family offered help but he refused. Ben accidentally fell asleep while the turkey was cooking. By the time he woke up, the turkey was completely burnt.
Blix had some musical hits back in the 90s. The band wanted to record a new album. They started a Go Fund Me page to take in money. When it ended, they'd only made fifty dollars. The band collectively decided to call it quits.
Natalie was at summer camp. One night she began coughing in her sleep. Soon she had become very sick. She didn't want to go home, but the counselors made her. Luckily she felt much healthier once she got some rest at home.
The teacher came into class and sat down. The chair broke and she fell on her tail bone. We had to call the medics since she couldn't get back. She was diagnosed with a broken tailbone. The principal sent a substitute to help teach the class.
Bob went into the back yard with the dogs. He noticed the fence was falling down. He went back into the house and called a fence contractor. The contractor gave him and estimate. Bob had the contractor install the new fence.
Nell was going out to dinner with her long time boyfriend. She was sure he would pop the question tonight. She waited all throughout dinner but nothing happened. A waiter brought her a glass of Champagne. To her delight, Nell saw a perfect ring in the bottom of her glass.
Andy was about to paint his front door of his house. However, Andy was stopped by his son who wanted to help. Andy decided he would let his son be his handy helper. In addition, Andy would let his son help him paint as well. Andy was proud that his son wanted to help him paint the door.
This girl at the daycare used to get horrible bloody noses. She would just run and run like a faucet. So I put on gloves. I got a damp small towel and folded it. I shoved it under her upper lip and the blood stopped.
Steven and Laura were having a baby. A friend sent them a gift. Inside, there was some baby clothing. Steven and Laura were grateful. They called their friend to thank them.
Anna hit her little sister during an argument. Her sister cried and ran to their parents. Their mom put Anna in a time out. Anna sulked for the whole time. But when her time was up, she apologized to her sister.
Scientists had always believed dinosaurs died out before man existed. Doc Brewer was heading up a dig where many dinosaur bones were found. One of his research students got really excited about a discovery. A human footprint was found in the same rock layer as a dinosaur's. Scientists still believe dinosaurs died out before man existed.
Amy was on the school bus headed home. Suddenly a brick hit the window near her seat. Outside 2 boys were laughing and pointing. The boys ran off as the bus driver exited the bus. Although they were startled, no kids were hurt.
Tommy wanted to get his mom a nice necklace for Christmas. So he worked a lot during the month of November and December. He sold a few things from his house for more money. He finally got enough money to buy his mom a nice necklace. She loved it.
Tom was shopping. When he got to his car his battery was dead. He asked around if anybody could help. Someone agreed to give him a jump. Tom was able to drive home.
Mary was a young child who had a small dog. Her dog's name was Sam. Mary took Sam for a walk every evening. One evening Mary took Sam for a walk without his leash. Sam ran away as soon as they went outside and hasn't been seen since.
I left at 3:00 for the rock concert. I got there at 4 and had to stand in line. While standing in line for 3 hours I saw someone pass out behind me. The ambulance came and took them away. Finally got into the show about 30 minutes later.
Ed decided to make fruit cocktail for his lunch. He cut all his own fruit. Then he mixed it together in a big bowl. He packed some every day for lunch. His friends were jealous because it looked so good.
Susie went to the beach with her sister. She couldn't wait to go swimming. But unfortunately to her dismay, the waves were too big. Susie was too afraid to get caught in it. So she did not go swimming after all.
Mandy was taking her first plane ride today. She walked into the Delta plane with amazement. Mandy took a seat in first class and relaxed in the comfortable seat. The flight attendant offered her an array of food and drink options. Mandy was very pleased and felt she could get used to this.
Cindy liked taking care of people. So she became a caregiver. Everyday, she took care of an old man inside his home. And they developed a close relationship. Cindy was glad she chose such a rewarding job.
Kevin loved supporting his team. He wore a team jersey when he went to the games. He bought a new one for the new season. He thought it brought him good luck. Kevin's team won it's first game!
Jacky was a lonely old woman. She needed a friend. Her sister decided to get her a present. Jacky's birthday was coming up. Jacky got the cutest little puppy on her birthday and found a friend.
Jake signed up for the summer library challenge. The goal was to read one book a day, but the books were short. Jake thought he could do it, and win the prize - $10! He read as much as he could, everywhere he went. He ended up completing the challenge and earning his $10!
My friend wanted a new smartphone. I also needed a new one. I bought a cheap  smartphone for 40 dollars. My friend bought an expensive one for 400 dollars. I ended up being happier because both phones did the same thing.
Bob was feeling sluggish. So he decided to change his diet. He incorporated more cooked vegetables into his meals. And eventually, he ate very little sugar and fat. Bob was happy about how much his health improved.
A man I work with got suspicious that his wife is cheating on him. He decided to hire a private investigator to find out. The PI followed her around for three weeks and then reported. All the pictures he took of the guy's wife were of her playing tennis. That's what she told her husband she was doing every afternoon.
Amber was really stressed out. She needed to find a way to relax. She bought some lavender bath salts. She used them the next time she took a hot bath. They made her very relaxed!
Sam's car's electric window stopped working on his side. Sam couldn't afford to fix it at the time. He tried to do it himself but wasn't able to. He would have to drive around without being able to roll it down. It was especially annoying when using drive throughs.
We hung Christmas stockings for everyone in the family. My mom insisted we hang some for the dogs, as well. We put treats in each stocking. The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down. The dogs' stockings were opened on December 12th instead of Christmas.
Lisa was grocery shopping. One of the things on her list was red curry. When she looked on the shelf she saw that it was not in stock. She texted her husband, unsure what to do. Luckily, he sent her a list of alternative ingredients.
Teddy had never been to an auction before. He walked into the room and was taking it all in. The auctioneer was talking very fast and loud. All the people were gathered around throwing up signs. For Teddy it was quite a sight to behold.
Jason was a Geology minor in college. He and his friend, Kevin, went on a hike to identify rocks. They found a red rock but they couldn't explain why it was red. They brought the rock back to college and gave it to their teacher. Their teacher said, wow, you discovered a new rock!
Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch. However, he does not know what to cook for them. He decides to make a batch of waffles. He serves the waffles with berries and maple syrup. All of Javier's friends are impressed with the brunch he made.
I got a new job a few months ago as a receptionist. It's been a pretty good job until today. I got a call from my mother, but she wanted to talk to my boss. Turns out, she's been sleeping with him since I got the job. She thought she was helping me out because I'm useless.
Tom had a big crush on his friend growing up. He never had the courage to tell her. Years later he ran into her. She mentioned how she used to have a crush on him. Unfortunately she was married with kids now.
Today we had breakfast at 10:30. My wife went to DD to buy coffee and croissants. We had oatmeal and blueberries as well. We have a coffeemaker but prefer DD coffee. It was a nice breakfast.
We were lost in the middle of a new city. We asked a stranger how to get to the town hall. He said to take the 720 bus. We boarded the bus, and rode on it half an hour. That's when we realized we were going the wrong way.
My friend and I raced in a marathon once. As soon as we started, I knew my friend would beat me. Halfway through, I looked ahead and my friend had already finished. The race was hard, but I eventually crossed the finish line. I was upset that I lost, but happy I finished.
I've always had a desire to go skydiving. I seized the opportunity to do this while living in Dallas, TX. The only problem was the facility was located in OK, next state above. I was living with my extremely worrisome and protective Mother. I believe 4 Years passed before I had the courage to tell her!
We would always pester Bishop about his first name. Even if we bribed him, he refused to tell us what it actually was. He invited me to breakfast this morning and I finally learned it. Bishop was standing there with his girlfriend and he introduced us. She turned to him, calling him Stewie, and from there on I knew.
I used to work at an animal hospital. Some dogs had to stay over night. At night, I would play with the dogs so they didn't get lonely. One night, I thought I lost one in the facility. The next moment I turn my head and see a big ball of fluff in my face!
She was severely depressed. She started cutting herself. She placed the cuts where no one would see them. She hid them very well. They helped to hide her inner pain.
Carl was at a buffet. But he wasn't sure what to eat. He tried as many different types of food as he could. But when he found something he liked, he was too full to eat anymore. Carl wished he wasn't so curious.
David really wanted to impress his date. So he bought a lot of CDs of music he thought she would like. His date listened to the music and kept playing with her bag. David asked what was in the bag. His date showed him CDs, she was nervous and brought some too!
Josie's house was very hot. She opened the large window in the dining room. It let in a nice, cool breeze. Soon, the house was freezing. Josie rushed to shut the window again.
Justin's apartment reeked. He was a messy guy so naturally, gross smells built up. One day, he decided to buy a candle. He lit it and put it in his kitchen. Soon the cinnamon smell was floating through the house.
Once I was staying with this female friend of mine. She had four roommates who I never met. All I knew was they didn't like me. One night I forgot they hated smoking. By the time I was halfway done with one I had been kicked out.
Jimmy had to get a new pair of shoes. His cat had ripped his old shoes to shreds. Jimmy went to the mall to browse some shoes. He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes. Unfortunately, his new tennis shoes got stained the very next day.
Kelly got her new pen in the mail. She started writing letters. When Kelly was done she noticed ink on her hands. She tried to wash them off. It wouldn't come off.
Lenny went shopping for a car. He wanted a sporty, fast little car. That morning Lenny's wife informed him she was pregnant. Lenny went on his shopping trip. Lenny ended up buying a roomy, slow minivan.
Late at night a man looked up at the sky. He decided he was going to count the stars. As he set up his telescope, he quickly realized there were too many! But he managed to meet another girl who enjoyed astronomy. And those two stayed out, holding hands, still trying to count stars.
Little Tommy and his brother were discussing football teams. His brother said he would like to play with the Chargers. Tommy looked at his brother like he was crazy. Tommy told his brother that would be impossible. Tommy said the players would all be dead by that time!
Bob had to write an essay for school. His computer was broken! He remembered he had an old typewriter in his attic. Bob was able to write his essay using the typewriter. His teacher gave him a B on his essay.
Dean was a faithful and loving man. He was married for 10 years and loved his wife. His wife on the other hand wasn't very faithful. She actively cheated on Dean their entire marriage. Their marriage ended after 11 years in a divorce.
There was a pedestrian crossing that was very busy. The pedestrians who were crossing were in no hurry. They took their time crossing the street. One man was impatient. He cut off the stream of pedestrians and took off.
Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag. She begged her parents for it as a gift. It was expensive so they declined. Thankfully however they gave in. Kelly was thrilled.
Sam was working in the garden. He saw something move in the grass and leaned in for a closer look. He saw a small, white snake holding still. He picked her up and took her inside. He got her a terrarium and has kept her as a pet ever since.
Amanda wanted to give her sister a surprise party. It was her sister's birthday. Amanda got all their friends involved. They surprised her when she came back from work. She was so happy she cried.
Simon approaches the cashier to order his lunch. The cashier asks Simon what he would like to order. Simon orders a cheeseburger, french fries, and a milkshake. The worker hands Simon his food. Simon finds a nice booth and eats his lunch.
Tom broke his leg in an accident. The doctor gave him some pain meds for his recovery. Tom took them according to the prescription. When he tried to stop taking them he became violently ill. Tom had become physically addicted to pain medication.
Our friends are Indian and German. The husband is from India, and they have two children. His wife makes lunches for the family. She gives her husband two sandwiches. He says that is too much food.
Miranda loved her iPod. One day she had to charge it. Miranda didn't know what to do. She couldn't find a cable. So she had to go and buy one.
Today I was babysitting my six year-old brother. He called me a bad word when I won a game we were playing. Shocked, I asked him where he learned the word. He grinned really big and said he learned it from me driving. Then he ran to tell mom the new word, so now I'm in trouble.
My friends were shooting paper balls with rubber bands. They accidentally hit my teacher in the face. I tried helping her get up. Once she felt a little better, she suspended my friends. They didn't come to school for a whole week.
Scot was afraid of dogs. So he was nervous inside his friend Jill's house. Scott and Jill were at the computer. Then Jill's dog jumped on Scot. Jill laughed at how afraid Scot was.
Tom was in the middle of a shower. The water stopped working. He later found out it was due to a busted pipe. Tom had to get out still soapy. He was unable to finish showering for hours.
I made a delicious sandwich the other day. I bought really nice meat and cheese from the store. I spent a good 15 minutes making it. My sister said it looked good and she wanted to try it. So I let her have it, and she really loved it.
Flores wanted to eat a banana for lunch. He went to check if any were at home. When he checked, he realized he had zero. Flores quickly rushed to the store and bought some. Then, Flores was able to eat a banana for lunch.
Dillon needed his cat to get its annual vaccinations. He called the veterinarian office and made an appointment. He used some cat treats to lure his cat into the travel container. Dillon walked with the cat carrier to the veterinarian's office. The veterinarian gave the cat the required vaccines.
I was awaiting an important package. But for some reason, it was never packaged or sent. I was told it would arrive in 3 days. But they gave me a $15 gift card. And I felt a little bit better.
The night was supposed to be rainy. The rain actually didn't move in until the next morning. It brought cooler weather with it. Everyone was so excited to have cooler temperatures. They scheduled some fun activities for the cooler days ahead.
Jake was outside when it started to rain. He was only wearing a t-shirt. He felt incredibly cold and looked for a place to warm up. All the doors were locked. Then his friend pulled up on the driveway in his car and Jake got in.
Fred needs a new chair for his living room. He buys some equipment to make a chair. Fred works long and hard in his garage making the chair. Finally his chair is complete. Fred feels satisfied and happy with his living room chair.
Michelle and I were hungry for lunch. Michelle suggested since it was so nice out we should have a picnic. I agreed and we packed a lunch. Michelle drove us to the park. It was a good time but we forgot to bring a blanket.
Ana was celebrating her 18th birthday. She went to get her ears pierced. But then she decided to get her tongue done, too! For good measure, she also had her left eyebrow pierced. Now Ana really felt like an adult!
Kim could not find her phone. She looked everywhere for it. She was about to give up. Then she finally realized where it was. She was talking on it the entire time.
Timmy had fallen down a well. He was very scared, since there was no one around and it was dark. Suddenly, he heard a dog barking! He looked up, and saw his dog and his father looking down the well. Timmy was saved!
Harry hated to quit the team. He took off his uniform in the locker room. He walked out, not saying much to his former teammates. Outside, his coach ran up to him. He handed Harry his uniform, to keep.
Jane had never been on a boat before. She was nervous and scared. Luckily the water was steady. The trip was calm and easy. Jane got over her fear of boats.
Dad and I loved to see nature up close. We went out one morning and set up pig traps. We baited it up with lots of tasty, yellow corn. The next day we went back out to our trap. We had caught three big wild pigs in our trap, in just one night!
A man bought a label maker and began to label everything he owned. He then charged admission for ESL student to come and study his house. He made so much money that be bought a store and labeled that too. At his store he hired the students who came to his house. He won an award for his innovative english teaching methods.
My niece's new boss started this week. He is a manager from another state division. He started showing up at 7 Am, 1/2 an hour before starting. He asked his staff to do the same. They filed a union grievance.
It had been a long day of working outside. I decided I needed a shower before dinner. After disrobing, I stepped into the shower. I washed all the part of my body. After I was done, I was clean and feeling great.
Rachel worked at an office for three years. There was a leak of confidential information. Somehow Rachel was framed and blamed for the leak. Rachel was suspended from her job. After an investigation Rachel was found not guilty of the leak.
Eric was fascinated by his grandfather. His grandfather was a mechanic. He admired that his grandfather could fix anything that went wrong. He wanted to be able to do the same. Now Eric too is a mechanic and able to fix anything that goes wrong.
Johnny is a pitcher for his baseball team. He had a big game last week and he needed to practice his pitches. He had to learn how to throw a curveball. He didn't know how, so he spent a whole month practicing. He learned how to throw a curveball and his team won the game!
I got dressed for the upcoming party tonight. My friend told me that I look amazing. However, a lot of people were making fun of my looks at the party. One pointed out that my zipper was unzipped. I decided to leave immediately.
Eliza's high school had a uniform and was very strict about it. She did her best to abide by the codes, though she did mess up some. Usually this meant that she left her shirt untucked. The vice principal saw her with her shirt untucked, he was displeased. He gave Eliza three days detention.
Hilda was doing the laundry. She started by separating whites and colors. Then, she started one wash. When that was done, she put the load in the dryer. Then, she washed the other load.
Miranda was bathing her toddler. She wiped his face with a cloth to clean it. Suddenly the baby began to scream and cry. She could tell he had soap in his eyes. She helped him rinse his eyes and he felt better.
I had a grueling headache all day. I asked several people for medicine. When nobody had any, I was desperate to go to the store. However, nobody could relieve me from my desk position. I sat with a headache for a while until someone brought me some.
Betty wanted a new tv. She was very frugal with her money. She waited and waited to find a good deal. Betty decided to participate in Black Friday for the first time. She walked away with a new tv for an amazing price.
I bought a tool I needed off of Amazon. I paid extra for two day shipping. It didn't arrive for six days. I called to complain. They offered me a refund on my shipping costs and I accepted.
Uncle Fred was really fun to be around. He'd let all the kids in the neighborhood play in his car. They'd feel like adults fake driving his car. But when one day he forgot his keys, the car started to move. Uncle Fred had to run after it to save the children.
Opal was getting old. She had seven children who depended on her. Opal decided to get life insurance. When she passed away, her children were cared for. Everyone was glad Opal had thought about the future.
Bob always wanted to ride horses. He went on a trip to a rural area. He visited a small farm. He asked if he could ride one of the horses. The farmer gave him permission.
A politician had been elected. He was very unpopular. So demonstrators went to protest. Counter protesters stopped them in their tracks. So no progress was done against the politician.
Jervis has been single for a long time. He wants to have a girlfriend. One day he meets a nice girl at the grocery store. They begin to date. Jervis is happy that he is no longer single.
I strained my back today. It was due to trying to walk with hemiparesis. I remembered my wife had purchased a Lidocaine spread. I put it on my back and felt better. I will use it tomorrow.
As a minor, I once slipped into an R-rated movie with a friend, Marty. We were having a blast watching our first real action movie. A theater attendant approached us and asked for our ID's. We told him we must have left them at home. The attendant just walked away, contributing to our delinquency!
I got a call at work that my grandmother went to the hospital. I met her in the emergency room. She was sick with a UTI and needed to stay overnight at the hospital. The nurses took care of her and gave her medicine. She left the hospital two days later.
Jennifer knew her boyfriend was going to propose to her. They were good Christians and weren't having sex out of marriage. The other night they went to his apartment and he watched football. She didn't want to watch, he said she would if she was his wife. He tossed a ring on the table, she says, this is what I'm waiting for?
Tom hated his job so much that he quit today. Tom went home, scared, he didn't know how he would pay for rent. He got online and looked how to make money. He read an article about freelance work and building websites. One week later he now has his own website design business.
Karen needed a new roof on her house. She was too cheap to spend her money on it though. One day there was a huge rain storm. Karen woke up to find her ceiling leaking in every room. Karen regrets not getting her roof fixed before.
Gary had practiced mixed martial arts his whole life. He finally got the chance to fight for a championship. His opponent was tough, but beatable. Gary trained and studied his opponent. He was able to pull off a close victory.
Tia and Jin went furniture shopping. They went to a lot of different stores, but nothing stood out to them. Finally, in the last store they went to, they found the perfect chair. They bought it and took it home. Now they have a comfortable chair in their den.
Chris had a great job. Chris made a lot of money. Chris' home was often a mess. Chris strongly disliked cleaning. Chris hired a maid to clean.
Aubrey went to a concert with her boyfriend. She was dancing and singing along to the music. Aubrey spotted her old friend Mary across the aisle. She ran and gave her a big hug. The two danced together all night.
Bruce woke up late for his class. He quickly got dressed and brushed his teeth. He ran across campus as quickly as he could. When Bruce got to the classroom he was surprised to find it empty. Bruce's professor was sick and had cancelled the class that day!
Tom was trying online dating. He didn't put his height on his profile. Tom was a short guy. A lot of girls were disappointed when they met him. One stood up and left.
Julie never trusted banks with her money. She would stash any extra cash she had under her mattress. She counted it one day and found she had over $1000 saved. Later that day she left to go buy groceries. When she came back her house was on fire and so was her mattress.
Marci lived in a dangerous city and needed a change. She decided to move states, but where would she go? After much research, she landed in Texas and made many friends. She soon found a job and nice apartment. After settling in for months, she was so happy she chose Texas.
Tim was always a little chubby. Eventually he got tired of the way he looked. He asked his friends to help him get in shape. They trained together every day. Tim is now in great shape and is a body builder.
Lucy saw the neighbor's dog yesterday. She went down to pat it. However to her surprise the dog jumped and bit her. Lucy screamed. She was then rushed to the hospital from the bite.
Fran wanted to try her luck at the fair games. She walked over to the ring toss booth and watched. Although it seemed easy, no one had put three rings around a peg. Fran gave the man a quarter and started to throw. Unfortunately, she missed the peg and didn't win a prize.
The couple had ordered an irregularly shaped swimming pool. A V P. of the company came out to stake out the dimensions of the pool. He was drunk and could not measure well. His stakes were larger than the pool they ordered. Workmen dug the pool and the couple got a very large pool.
Kelly wore contacts every day. She never really had any issues. Unfortunately yesterday she started feeling irritated. As she took it out, she realized her contact ripped. Kelley no longer wanted to wear them.
Mark is a manager at a restaurant. One evening a customer comes in with a complaint. He tells mark the food is cold and undercooked. Mark apologizes and gives him a refund. The customer starts yelling at him more and mark gets upset and leaves.
Nancy was bothered by her friends all day. They keep reminding her that her boyfriend cheated on her. On the other hand, her boyfriend told her that he didn't. Since she trust her boyfriend, she wasn't worried at all. However, she saw her boyfriend with another girl the next day.
Mike and Jake were avid football fans. Their respective teams were playing on Sunday. The men agreed to get together to watch the game. When Mike arrived at Jake's house, the game started. They both cheered on their teams and had fun.
John bought new headphones. John noticed that the headphones he bought were defective. John returned his defective headphones. With the money he got, John bought a better pair of headphones. John enjoyed his new, functional headphones.
My wife uses an ipad to surf the net. Lately she has been having trouble with it. The mobile apps do not have full functionality. She looked at my cloudbook and liked it. She is considering buying something similar.
Tom was an outdoorsman and naturalist. Tom wanted to redecorate his home. Tom thought carefully about the design. Tom decided to by all wooden furniture. Tom loved the natural feeling environment of his home.
Ryan had studied hard for the test. He didn't get much sleep the night before. He was really nervous before the test. The teacher passed out the tests. It was the easiest test Ryan ever took.
I downloaded the game excitedly. I couldn't wait to start playing. I played the game fervently for 3 hours. My son asked to take a turn. He beat me at every game we played.
Clint had a bow and arrow kit. He played with it in the yard every day. One day, the string snapped, and he angrily threw it at the ground. The bow bounced and went into his eye. It left fiberglass in his eye that is still there to this day.
Candice rode her bike to town on a dirt road. She hit a rock and it popped her tire. Candice fell from her bike and bruised her knee. Sh dusted herself off and walked the bike to town. The bike store was open so she bought a new tube.
Dave was driving to work one day. His car started to make a really loud noise. He pulled over to see what was the problem. His car had blown a gasket. Dave was so frustrated and admitted it was time to buy a new car.
Dana was cleaning out her house. SHe got a big dumpster to throw things away. She filled it with all the junk her her house. They carted it away to the dump. Dana was happy to be free of the clutter!
Tim didn't like country music. He figured it was easy to play, though. He made a few country songs and put them online. They got surprisingly popular. Tim became a popular country star.
I always wear a lot of team merchandise to baseball games. I have a number of jerseys, caps, and foam fingers. For today's game I am bringing an over-sized novelty hat. I have also painted my face with team colors. My family considers me an embarrassment at such times.
Allie found out her neighbor was sick. So she decided to make her a pie. When she was done she brought it over to her. Allie's neighbor ended up loving it. Allie was very thrilled.
Lucy was in the basement at her grandparents. She was helping him clean up. She saw a tarp covering a table. She pulled the tarp back and revealed a sewing machine. Lucy decided she wanted to learn to sew.
Virgil's car was impounded. He had to bike to work. It took a couple of days to get used to it. At the end of the week he got his car back. He preferred biking and stuck with it.
Sam recently enrolled in a writing class. He wanted to become a fiction author. He realized writing was harder than he initially thought. Despite this, he worked very hard to get better at writing. Now Sam is a beloved and famous fiction author.
When Rylo was born she was a very good infant. Even as the months went by she was always a quiet baby. When Rylo turned three she began throwing extreme tantrums. Her parents thought they got lucky with a quiet good baby. Now Rylo is a loud rambunctious brat that her parents can't control.
Allie was driving to her friends house. But unfortunately she ran out of gas. She saw the ticker flashing. She had to push her car to the station. When she filled it up she ended being an hour late.
Sandy went to go make herself a cup of coffee. She realized that she was out of coffee. So, she went to the store to buy some. She brought the coffee home and brewed a cup. Sandy felt more awake after having her coffee.
It was late and Andrew was hungry. He was craving pizza but it was too late to get delivery. Andrew was mad but then he remembered his mom got Digiorino. So he put the Digiorino in the oven. Twenty five minutes later he had pizza to eat.
Lucy wanted to learn how to swim. Rick dared Lucy to jump into the pond. She tripped on a rock and fell into the pond. Rick raced to the pond to save Lucy. Lucy did not learn to swim.
Tom stopped at the store to buy flowers for his girlfriend. He picked up some roses that were on sale. He surprised his girlfriend with the flowers. His girlfriend started sneezing uncontrollably. It turned out that she was allergic to the pollen.
Last Tuesday started like any other day. My wife drove off to work, and I woke up the kids. On her drive in she blew out a tire. I wanted to go change the tire, but our second car wouldn't start. We both ended up getting towed to get our cars fixed.
Bill decides that he wants to pursue a master's degree after college. While his friends are all looking for jobs, he is applying for school. At first Bill worries that he is making the wrong decision. However, when he gets to graduate school, he feels great. Bill is proud that he will soon have a master's degree.
Keith has always wanted to be a dad. For years he would try to have a child with his wife. For some reason his wife could not get pregnant. Then one evening at work Keith gets a call from his wife. She tells Keith he is going to have a child!
Jill's fitness trainer gave her a pedometer to track her steps. The trainer told her the pedometer wouldn't lie. Jill grew tired of meeting the goal and misplaced the pedometer. She found it inside her dryer, still working. The dryer's rotation set Jill's weekly goal for steps.
Katrina loved wild roses more than any other flower. Recently, she went on a hike to see if she could find any. Just as she had nearly given up, she found a very tiny bush nearby. It was full of tiny pink blooms. She took a cutting so that she could grown her very own wild roses.
Lilith had to correct a lot of student tests that night. She prepared her desk with pen and coffee. But when she was ready to start, a big cockroach ran on her table. Lilith screamed and all the papers fell on the ground as she stood up. The cockroach went away, but Lilith had to sort all the papers.
I went to the farmers market. To pick out pizza toppings. I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza. At the market I was able to find everything I need. I left the farmers market to go make my pizza.
I adopted a kitten today. I named her Sally. She white with a brown spot on her belly. She loves to play with my shoelaces. She makes me very happy!
Tim enjoys relaxing on his day off. Tim's son comes over to visit on his day off. His son and daughter in law are fighting the whole time. Tim is very stressed out and unhappy about the situation. Tim's wife calms the two down and they leave shortly after.
Earl was having a very bad day. He was locked outside his house. He had accidentally left his house keys inside the house. Earl called a locksmith to come over and fix the problem. The locksmith took forty-five minutes to arrive.
Kelly found out her favorite pizza place was open. She immediately ran down to see it. When she went there she loved it. She was thankful it tasted good. She wanted to go every week.
Billy went to the movies. There was a huge line! He did not want to wait that long. Ted then waved to his girlfriend who was at the front. She was so happy that she let him skip her in line.
Bill went to eat at a fast food restaurant for lunch. The restaurant's credit card reader was broken. Bill only had a credit card on him. He drove to an ATM to get cash. Bill returned to the restaurant.
Sam wanted to go to bed, but thought he'd do just one more task. He loaded the task page, and was greeted by a CAPTCHA. Sam typed all the characters correctly, but got an error message. After minutes of it happening over and over, Sam was very frustrated. He smashed his laptop against the wall before going to bed.
When my friends and I were kids we played laser tag at night. We snuck out at night with the equipment. We ran through his neighborhood shooting at each other. It was fun and we eventually got very tired. We went inside and played video games.
The man had a craving. He ignored it. The craving grew. He gave into the craving. The man felt guilty.
The city's crime rate was out of control. The police announced a crackdown on crime. They were going to patrol more. In the first week, they made a hundred arrests. They were determined to make the city a safe place again.
Sam was being bullied in school. He always ran home crying. Then one day he decided to face up to his bully. He turned and stood his ground bravely. To his shock, his bully turned and fled!
The man put drops in his eyes. His eyes burned terribly. He looked at the bottle. It was ear drops. He washed his eyes out with water.
Elena was walking to the office next to the hospital. When the traffic light turned red, she walked as fast as she can. When a moving car came by, it came to a quick stop. However, it bumped Elena. The side of her waist was injured.
Rick could never fall asleep. He tried all kinds of pills, prescription and OTC, to no avail. He worked a night job and struggled with melatonin issues. Then a doctor suggested he get a high-lumen bulb to help him. The light therapy did help him establish a healthy sleep schedule!
Gabriel was asked never to leave the front door open. One day Gabrielle was in a hurry and forgot to close the door. Gabriel's dog, Snoopy, saw that the door was open and ran out of it! After an hour Gabriel finally found Snoopy in the neighbor's yard. Gabriel learned his lesson and never forgot to close the door again.
William has fond memories of the forest when he was a child. He would often return to his parents home and visit the forest. Fall was often his favorite time to be there in the forest. He eventually bought a house with its own woods. William tries to relive those memories to no avail.
Tim liked to make juice out of fresh fruit. He decided that his juice was good enough to sell. Tim opened up a juice stand at the local market. The stand did very well. Tim was able to stop working and pursue his business full time.
OJ Simpson was Greg's favorite player growing up. He idolized him and even wanted to be a football player. He would watch him every time he could on TV. So it destroyed him when he saw the white Bronco chase. He always hoped he was innocent, but lost his idol through the drama.
I loved to play baseball when I was younger and our team was good. We went all the way to the final game of the local competition. We were facing an undefeated travelling team and were nervous. The game stayed tied until the bottom of the 7th inning. I was on third and Rusty hit a single and I scored for the win.
Dan wanted to become a top-level poker player. Dan began to play at a local club. Dan watched clips of great players to pick up techniques. Dan was entered into this year's poker World Series. Dan won the poker World Series!
Tim was in school looking for something to eat. He noticed there wasn't much. Tim decided to go ahead and eat peanut butter and jelly sandwich. However, Tim was disappointed. It turns out the sandwich was just peanut butter and nothing else.
Dave's computer wasn't working very well. He decided to take it apart to see if he could fix it. He took it apart, but then he couldn't put it back together again. Dave had to hire someone to put his computer back together. He decided not to try that again.
Rachael really wanted Chinese food. So we looked up places that were nearby. We found one a few minutes away. But the food was not very good. We figured we would pick a different place next time.
Whitney was so tired of always feeling tired. She decide to change her diet to see if it would help. After a week Whitney noticed she had way more energy. She was very pleased with the results. Whitney decided to change her diet permanently.
Victoria was excited to be attending a concert that evening. She was busy getting ready to go when her brother came in crying. He had been messing around and had injured his forehead. Victoria spent the next half an hour helping him with his wound. Before she knew it, she had missed the show.
Marco was hoping to go to the baseball game tonight. He was under the impression his friend was picking him up. His friend called and said he could not make it. Marco scrambled to find a ride buy could not. He ended up sitting at home all night.
When Stu turned 16, all he wanted was a car. Unfortunately, his family was very poor. Nick applied for jobs all over town. He eventually got a job working at a grocery store. After working all summer, he saved up enough money for a car.
Joseph wanted to buy a new couch. His girlfriend didn't like his old one. He went to the furniture store to check some out. They all looked too ugly or felt too stiff. He decided to stick with the one he has instead.
Sam went on a date with a girl he met at a bar. He didn't remember much about her. The date went horribly. Sam made up an excuse to leave early. He left and never talked to her again.
Allie was playing with her toys one day. Then she noticed a new kid on the block. Allie was happy to see that. She waved at her. The two talked and became fast friends.
Bob went to the local pet store, to look for a new puppy. He asked the clerk to see the Yorkshire Terrier. Bob played with the Yorkshire Terrier for about an hour. He purchased the dog, and got a few accessories for his new pet. He took the dog home, and welcomed it to its new home.
It was Kelly's check up. She was nervous. Her doctor wanted her to get a shot. Kelley said no. But her doctor kept pressing for it.
Lauren and Christina heard about a new movie that was playing. They decided to go see it together at the movies. They had their parents drive them to the movie theater. They bought popcorn and went into the theater. It was the best movie they had ever seen.
Ronnie is batting in the big game. His team needs a hit. He takes one strike. He takes two strikes. He takes his third strike and strikes out.
Louis had entered into a sweepstakes on a cereal box. One day he checked the mail and saw that he had won. He won a trip to a theme park in Florida. There, he met all kinds of cool people and did cool stuff. He was so grateful for the experience.
Joe went to a soccer game with his brother. They went to a Manchester game. They cheered the entire time and lost their voices. When their mother called them, she thought that they were sick. Now, Joe's mother doesn't want him going to soccer games.
Lucy and Gina were swimming at the local pool. Lucy had a moment where she thought she would drown. It only motivated her to practice swimming harder. She swam from one end of the pool to another over and over. Finally, when she was exhausted she sat on a lounge chair and napped.
Francisco decided to have his friends over for a barbecue. He was worried that some vegetarians would not like his party. So he made sure not to invite any vegetarians. He bought food and drinks for the whole barbecue. He was glad that everyone enjoyed his barbecue.
Henry and his friends walked through the park one sunny day. To their surprise they saw an ice cream truck down the street. The boys jumped for joy and got excited for ice cream. When the truck stopped, the boys ordered chocolate pops. The boys tasted the pops with incredible delight.
Sam took forever deciding on a color to paint his bedroom. He finally picked his favorite. He spent all day painting it. Once done he didn't like the color anymore. Sam decided to change it again.
I put on my ice blades and went to the ice arena. Since it was my first time ice skating, I was nervous. A group of people we're headed towards me. While I tried to block them, I ended up slipping. A person helped me get up.
Jerry wanted to break up with his girlfriend but was afraid. He tried to tell her but every time he got scared and never told her. One day in the park, Jerry's girlfriend broke up with him. He was surprised and even felt hurt and vulnerable. Jerry never got over his girlfriend breaking up with him.
Tina got invited to an ice show. She couldn't wait to see it. When she arrived, she got good seats. Tina and her friends made sure to meet the stars after. Tina couldn't wait to go back.
Andy went swimming on Tuesday. He goes to the local public pool. He usually just goes for fun and to work out. This time it was to meet a friend. He was stood up but still enjoyed himself.
Gina had a stray dog in her backyard. She had gone to sleep and left him there barking. He barked all night long. But when she awoke, she didn't hear him anymore. She looked outside, but the dog had gone in the night.
Ginger and John are 40 and started dating when they were 13 years old. They are still not married and have 3 children together. Their oldest child was scheduled to marry in November. Ginger demanded they get married before their child. John finally proposed and they got married in June.
James and his family were on vacation. It had rained since they had arrived. The whole family was getting frustrated. They decided to go to an indoor arcade. James and his family were relieved to get some of their energy out.
Tom was at a local wing shop. He wanted to try their spicy flavor.s. He underestimated how hot they would be. Tom wasn't able to finish his meal. He was crying and drinking too much after a few minutes.
The patient was speaking with the doctor. They were doing a consultation before the surgery. The patient asked a lot of questions. Soon, she felt comfortable with the procedure. The doctor assured her it would all go smoothly.
We bought an inflatable bed for our 2-year old granddaughter. She lives in NYC while we live in Cambridge. She slept well on it. Our daughter is going to the Cape next week and borrowed it. We hope the toddler will like using the bed on the Cape.
Tyler was jet pilot and he took off in the fog. he could not see so he used his compass to find his way. he finally made it through the fog. he looked around through the clear skies He saw he was at the airport and landed.
New neighbors moved in across the street. At first they seemed alright. After a while they kept being loud at night. I finally decided to talk to them about it. They apologized and we moved on.
Anthony was good at sports, but not so good at snowboarding. His friends talked him into snowboarding from the top of the summit. The four of them went speeding down the summit. But Anthony tumbled. He rolled off a cliff and broke his leg.
Sam loved to go to the cabin. His family went there every summer. This summer when they arrived at the cabin. Sam seen there was a hole in the wall. He cut down a tree and fixed it.
I opened an email attachment from an unknown source. A computer virus was downloaded onto my computer. I took it to the computer store to be fixed. However they wanted too much money. Fortunately, I was able to carefully remove the virus myself.
Yesterday I took my dog to the vet for a checkup. He developed diabetes a few months ago. Recently, I noticed that he bumped into walls. The doctor said the diabetes has made him blind! I am really sad that my loyal companion has lost his sight.
When Christian had his heart attack, his whole family was in shock. He was the only one who was fit and healthy among them. They asked the doctor what had happened. But he didn't understand why Christian had been so unlucky. His body had just given up without a reason.
Susy went to the fair with her cousins. Her cousins loved rides and immediately went on some. Susy was a little bit apprehensive. So she decided to not go on any. She instead watched as her friends just had all of the fun.
Ash and his college buddies were bored in the wee morning hours. They drove out to an old cemetery. They climbed a fence to begin strolling the grounds. Suddenly they heard a faint but obvious moaning somewhere in the dark. They all jumped the fence and ran, swearing to never return again!
Kenzie had an idea for a product. Since she had no experience in business, she started college. When she was halfway done with her degree, her computer stopped. She decided to use some money from her loans to get a new computer. She went on to finish her degree and launch her product.
We had a pet snake when I was a child. My older brother usually took care of it, but sometimes I did. I was feeding the snake, which I had safely done before. This time, however, I was bit by the snake. I recovered quickly, and continued to enjoy our pet snake.
Jason had been waiting for the county fair all year. He knew that this year, the fair would have a special game. The winner of the game would get a date with Cassie. Cassie was the town's prettiest girl. Jason played the game, but he ended up losing.
I tried to make a bowl of cereal this morning. I poured out the cereal and went for the milk. As soon as I opened the container it smelled terrible. The milk had spoiled. Now I have to go buy more.
A woodworker and metal worker couldn't agree whose work was best. The woodworker said his wood was warm and hardy. The metal worker said his work was strong and tough. To settle this they brought in a craft show judge to see who was best. The metal worker was declared to be the winner.
Lucy was lost and didn't know her grandparents address. She was at a police station to get help. She was crying as she explained to an officer. He smiled and offered her something to eat. Lucy hungrily ate the candy bar, and soda the officer gave her.
My friend Julio is 42 and single. He met a woman on tinder and arranged a date. They met for drinks at a bar. The woman decided not to see him again. Julio was despondent.
Mandel liked to collect strangely shaped beads. He had them shaped like everything from fruits to sports players. His prized possession was a large mandala bead. His brother stole the mandala bead. Mandel suspected his brother had done it, but could never prove it.
Susie went to her sister's house. She heard too much yelling though. So she decided to leave. She couldn't take the yelling. It was to much for her.
Lance was stuck in traffic. He hadn't move for over an hour. He was fed up, and got out of his car to see what the big deal was. After he stepped out of the car, he saw his car start to lurch. He forgot to put the car in park, and it slammed into another car.
Hattie's friend Sue wanted to go horseback riding for her birthday. Hattie hadn't been before so she was nervous. Her friend promised her they'd pick a gentle horse for her to ride. She was matched up with Willie, and old chestnut gelding. She managed to stay on Willie's back the entire ride.
Ana was a 17 year old pregnant girl. She didn't want her parents to know. So she is scared so she decides not to tell them. She hides her belly and the pregnancy the whole time. She secretly gives birth and gives it up for adoption.
Andrea was lactose intolerant. She went to her best friend's birthday party. The hosts offered the kids cake and ice cream. Andrea didn't want to be an outcast, so she ate the ice cream. Andrea had stomach pains all night.
Tim was having trouble on the school bus. Other kids would bully him. The bus driver didn't do anything about it. Eventually Tim stopped taking the bus. He woke up early and walked to school instead.
My daughter loves to eat cheese. When she was two, she decided that pepper jack cheese was her favorite One day we ran out of pepper jack cheese. She had a meltdown. Now, we always keep the refrigerator stocked with pepper jack cheese.
Joe was a neighbor who lived two houses down from mine. He had a wife who couldn't have kids. They adopted a little girl the same age as me. Her name was Gloria. We became the best of friends.
The weather in Houston was abnormally cold. The weather presenter on TV said that it was because of more wind. Joe didn't think the presenter was accurate. He felt like the weather news is often dumbed down and generalised. Joe chose to start getting his weather news from apps rather than TV.
A girl heard her mom yell her name from downstairs. She got up and started to head downstairs to see what her mom wanted. As she to the bottom of the stairs, her mom pulled her in close. Her mom began to cry. The girl's dog had been hit by a car and was dead.
Bobby's neighbor was gone for the weekend. He asked Bobby to look after his house. Bobby saw a strange car at the neighbor's house. He called the neighbor. The neighbor called the cops to report the strange car.
A man was on the street telling jokes for money. He told a lady a joke about a lawyer and she laughed. He told a man a joke about an elephant and he laughed. He began to earn a lot of money for these jokes. The joke telling man laughed at his good fortune.
Andy was always good with gardening. Andy decided he would add cucumbers to his garden. Andy purchased the seeds, and went to his garden to plant them. Andy found the perfect spot for the cucumbers, and began planting. Andy was happy his garden was flourishing because of his green thumb.
Ethel passed away yesterday. The morticians prepared the body. The family gathered together today. They talked about her life. They put her in the ground.
I tried to homework yesterday. I decided to take a break. I made a mistake by going to Youtube. I spent all night watching videos. Now it is morning and I have to do all of my homework.
Ramon danced at work while waiting tables. He was so famous for his antics, he attracted new customers. His boss, who saw a golden opportunity, promoted him. Ramon would now dance during dinner events. Ramon jumped at the chance to make more money while dancing.
I used to try to carry all the groceries into the house in one trip. One time, I had too many things in my hands. I dropped the milk. The milk spilled all over the walls and floor. I learned my lesson to take more than one trip next time.
James had never been to see a football match before. His Granddad asked him if he wanted to go at the weekend. It was quite scary for James as there were a lot of people. He stayed close to his Granddad who made sure he was safe. James loved the match and even joined in some of the chants!
Today I was learning how to hammer a nail. I kept missing and bending the nail. After a dozen tries I started to hit the nail straight. I am really good at hitting nails now. I am going to help hammer nails to hang pictures soon.
Kelly had been acting her whole life. Kelly had even appeared in some commercials. She was not happy with her career though. She wanted a role in a movie. Finally one day she gets a call asking her to be in a big movie.
Ed and his dad went to the town ice carving festival. Ed got bored after awhile. Then as it got dark, a sculpture carved like a dragon lit up. It caught Ed's attention when fire came from its mouth. He couldn't wait to tell his little sister about it.
Davis stops by a fast food restaurant for a hamburger and a soda. He balances his order on his tray and looks for a seat. When he finally sees an open seat, he rushes to sit down. In his hurry, he spills his soda all over the floor. Davis feels ashamed to have spilled his soda.
My cousin is a feminist. She goes to rallies about women's rights. She fights for a cause she believes in. She was arrested last week for it. She is proud.
Joan's grandma had to go to a nursing home. Joan went to help clean out the grandma's old house. She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside. Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled. She packed the jars, dusted them, and put them on a shelf at home.
Vivian wanted to be an artist. Her parents said she had to go to medical school. Vivian painted a beautiful picture. It was of an asian resident in medical school crying. She showed it to her parents, and they were unmoved.
James bought a new book online. When the book arrived he opened the package with excitement. He flipped through the book for a while. When he wa done, he brought the book to his bookshelf. James cleared a new space for his new book.
Jessie found out that her friend was talking about her. Her friend was insulting her to another friend. Jessie confronted her about it. She denied everything. Jessie decided to stop being friends with her.
I knew something was wrong with me. I couldn't shake that helpless feeling. I wouldn't eat or clean myself up. Desperate for answers I went to the doctor. I learned that I had Depression.
Karen was cooking dinner. Her toddler was in his crib. Until he was able to escape. He went into the home office and made a huge mess. Karen had to spend more time cleaning than cooking.
On a hot day in the fields, the slave took a rest. He heard a threatening crack of a whip nearby. The slave straightened up and went back to work. The master berated the slave for his slacking off. The master said he'll reduce the water ration from 35 to 23 ounces.
Tom was out walking one day. A rabid dog jumped out and bit him. Tom had to be taken to the hospital. There they made him take rabies shots just in case. They were painful but Tom understood the need.
Tom wanted Zach to go to the bar tonight. Zach is very broke, and can't spend any money tonight, so he says no. Tom got really mad and punched Zach for being a bad friend. Zach ended up going out with Tom to the city. When they got there, Zach didn't buy a drink, so he still saved money.
Tim wanted to see the whole world. He was fascinated with Asian culture. Tim went to China for vacation. Tim had a wonderful time. Tim did many fun activities in China.
Gina was due in the principal's office. But she didn't want to go there. She went to the library and grabbed a book. She tried to sit quietly and read. But the librarian saw her, and sent her on her way.
Jen was very excited for Christmas. She was planning on going to a party. On Christmas morning she woke up with a bad cold. She was too sick for the party! Poor Jen had to stay home all alone on Christmas.
Jake asked his adopted daughter if she was okay several times each day. His friend was concerned that this was a problem. The friend told Jake that he might be having the wrong impact. By asking if she was okay, he could be suggesting that she is not okay. Jake considered the advice and stopped asking the question.
Anna's great-grandma was almost 100 years old. She was very ill but wanted to see one final sunset. Anna hoped that she could hang on until the snow came. Luckily, the first flurries swirled down and embraced the hospice. Anna's great-grandma smiled as she saw their beauty.
Tim had a helium balloon. He accidentally let go of it. It started to fly away. Tim tried to chase after it. Unfortunately it was gone before he knew it.
George bought a new car. He read the owner's manual. He disagreed with the recommended tire pressure. He contacted the manufacturer. The manufacturer ignored him.
Grace was married for 40 years when her husband died. They used to boat on a quiet river. Grace's husband would do the rowing and she would nap. She got in the boat on the river which was so calm she fell asleep. When she awoke, she remembered her husband was dead and she was lost!
Joseph had brought the last of his leftovers for lunch at work. He had forgotten to defrost meat to cook for dinner. When Joseph got home, there was nothing to cook. Joseph drove back to town. He ate at a local diner.
Joel and I went out for a drive last Sunday. Joel had brought along a case of beer and was wanting to booze cruise. We ended up finishing the case a couple hours later. Joel decided to drive his pickup as fast as possible and we wrecked. This Sunday I'm at Joel's funeral.
Van's aunt was an avid gardener. She gave him some seeds to grow his own vegetables. He planted them in little pots. He took care of them just like she told him to. In two weeks he had little seedlings to plant in the spring.
Brad wanted a new shirt. He did not have enough money to go shopping. He decided to get a job to help. He finally saved up enough. Brad was glad he learned how to save.
Sally saw her neighbor outside standing by a tree in his yard. He was an old man and Sally knew he didn't have many friends. Sally went over to visit with him and they talked for hours. The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways. Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away.
Timothy likes to trade in cans for money. He digs through his neighbor's' recycling bins on garbage day. Once, he found a can of beer from a brand he didn't recognize. He decided to research the brand on his computer. After reading rave reviews about the beer, he bought a case of it.
Every day, Tom went to the same coffee shop. He hated coffee, but he loved one patron that was always there. Tom nervously waited everyday to try and talk to that girl. Finally, he stood up, determined to ask her out. Tom struck up a conversation and found the date he wanted.
The car began to sputter. The driver stopped the car. He got out and examined it. The oil was out. He bought some more oil.
Dave wanted to learn karate to defend himself from attackers. He took lessons in his neighborhood dojo. He learned many lessons from the person teaching. He finally learned how to defend himself. He also qualified to be a blackbelt master.
Bill wanted some new jeans. He did not have a lot of money. He found some cheap ones for 10 dollars. However, they faded easily in the wash. He finally just bought a 30 dollar pair and the lasted a long time.
Barry was excited for his baseball match today. He just sat and thought about how he was gonna crush his opponents. He decided he needed to get an edge to help him win big. Barry asks for some illegal drugs called steroids to help him. Barry hits two home runs and wins the game!
The owner of a bar wanted to attract more customers. He posted a sign that announced free food during happy hour. Many people saw the sign and word got around. The next week there was a boom of business. The bar owner had to hire more staff to handle the new customers.
Ryan was in a local band. The band was getting recognition on the local radio stations. Ryan and his band decided to make a music video. They hired a few people to make the video. The band's popularity grew even more.
Marco has always wanted to try dying his hair red. However, he was afraid his friends would make fun of him. Finally he dyed his hair. His friends loved it! Marco was glad that he finally had red hair.
Louisa was getting ready for an upcoming history quiz. Her favorite drama movie was all about one of the topics in the quiz. She decided to watch the movie with her friends to study. They all enjoyed the movie and were quoting it all night. To their surprise, the movie did help them to succeed on their quiz.
Rita was not very wealthy, and wished to increase her income. She researched different ways to make money online. Eventually she decided she wanted to start her own business. Rita went to college and got a degree in business. After college, Rita started her own company and became very wealthy.
Teddy had a passion. He had a passion to change his country for better. So he ran for president. Teddy told the american people what they wanted to hear. Teddy got elected and become the president.
I've always loved dogs since I was a child. They are very friendly, and loyal to you no matter the situation. I've own one throughout my entire life and they're perfect companions. Cuddles whenever you want them, and most of all love. I guess you could say I'm a dog lover.
Tia turned eighteen a month before Election Day. She hurried to register to vote. Her voter card arrived just in time. Tia was able to vote in the Presidential election. She felt very grown-up!
Joel collected comic books. His favorite ones were about Superman. One day there was an accidental fire at his house. Everything burned up except for one box of comics. He had shielded his Superman ones.
There was a stray dog in town that had bit some kids. The people formed a posse to hunt it down. Young Marla knew she could charm it if she had the chance. She encountered the dog at the edge of the woods. She calmed it down and kept it hidden until the people forgot it.
Tom loved fast boats. He got into racing. It was pretty dangerous. Tom flipped his boat once. He gave up racing after that.
Jeff joined a volleyball league with some friends. He had never played volleyball before, only basketball. He wasn't sure how good he'd be. Turns out his height and vertical from basketball helped out. He led the team in spikes and blocks!
Tina had a project due. It was due in a few hours. Tina had not started yet. So she put away the distractions. Tina then got to it.
The hat outlet had a sale on hats. Henry bought a discounted hat for $12. Many of his friends immediately noticed it at a late night party. However, a random stranger couldn't stop bothering Henry. He managed to steal the hat before leaving.
A group of friends came together to play a new game. The rules were complicated so they all read them out loud. They played the game but were unsure if they were doing it right. The outcomes seemed wrong so they read the rules once again. They realize that they played the entire game wrong.
Naomi was brushing her hair in her bathroom. Her toddler wanted her and ran towards her. As he ran past the tub he entered a puddle of water. The puddle caused him to slip and get hurt. Naomi cleaned the water up quickly to avoid more injuries.
Beth had just moved to a new town. She did not know anybody. She wondered if she would make any friends. Then her neighbors came over to introduce themselves. Beth realized she already had several built-in friends!
Tim was trying to put together a bicycle in his garage. He needed to install some screws with a hex head. Tim looked through his tool box for the screwdriver. Alas, all Tim had was a flat head screwdriver. He tried to install it with his fingers but ultimately failed.
Dave and Ali were getting married in a church. The wedding director said that no drinking was allowed in the church. Dave's best man, Keith, showed up with alcohol on his breath. Ali gave Keith some breath mints and kept him away from the director. Dave and Ali's wedding went off without a hitch.
Betsy finally arrives in Phoenix after flying from Atlanta. She wants to reach hotel after the long flight. Finally she is able to catch a cab. Although the driver can't find her hotel at first, finally she does. Betsy feels very relieved to finally check into her hotel in Phoenix.
Maria heard there was a public transport delay on the TTC. Her boyfriend had just left for work, and he used the TTC to travel. Maria called her boyfriend to tell him about the delay. Her boyfriend answered the phone just in time to hear about the delay. Maria's boyfriend thanked her, and walked to work instead.
The professor gave everyone a final exam. The next day, he expressed his frustration by yelling at the class. He said that 95% of the class failed. We tried to argue about how unfair the test is. After several discussions, he decided to give test retakes.
Bill strapped on his parachute and looked over the bridge. He walked back towards safety then turned around. He began a full sprint to the edge and then jumped. He yanked a cord and the parachute opened. Bill drifted slowly to the ground.
Steve counted his eggs. Five of them didn't hatch. His teacher told him why. Steve felt responsible for the eggs not hatching. Steve asked go home early.
I just farted. I farted because earlier I ate a lot of cheese. The fart left my rear silently. It was smelly. It disappeared shortly afterwards.
Three friends went on vacation to Las Vegas. They spent a long night gambling and drinking. They had planned a full day of activities in the morning. The next day they were all too hungover. They stayed in the hotel room all day instead.
Philip needed extra money so he signed up for some surveys. He went on several taste tests and other focus group events. He made a nice bit of extra money by the end of the week. Philip decided to keep attending the focus groups. It became a good source of ongoing income.
The woman ordered a latte. She asked for extra espresso. The latte was made just right. She tipped the barista. The barista thanked the woman for her generosity.
The man looked for help. He could not find any. He posted a sign on his door. A customer saw it. The man hired the customer.
Gary was growing very old. His son decided to put him in a senior home. Gary was angry that his son didn't want to take care of him at home. But, Gary learned to like the senior home. He made many friends there and lived out a good life.
Gus put some bacon on a cold pan and turned on the heat. There was a knock at the door so he went to open it. At the door was a salesman who sold life insurance. Gus got so involved with him that he forgot about the bacon. When the bacon began to sizzle, Gus heard it and remembered the bacon.
Edna had taken her toddler to the doctor. In the office, her toddler was playing with some toys. The doctor noticed that the toddler really liked one toy. He told Edna that her son could keep the toy if he wanted. Edna thanked him and the baby took the toy home.
Allie wanted to go and see her boyfriend. But her parents would not let her. As a result, Allie felt very sad and angry. She couldn't believe they would not let her go out. So when they were asleep she decided she was going to sneak out.
Abby wanted to hatch chickens for a school project. She went to her grandparents farm to do her project. Abby's grandparents let her study one hen that was laying eggs. Abby kept notes on how long the egg took to hatch and the conditions. When the egg hatched, Abby turned in her written study.
Valerie wanted to speak a lot of languages. She picked Germany to study first. She signed up for a class to learn German. She studied very hard. Now, she's well on her way to speaking German.
Marvin had a bracket challenge every March. Last March he got forty people to enter. This year Marvin wanted more people. He invited everyone he knew. Marvin got over one hundred people to enter the bracket challenge!
I lost my car to some random car lot. It started by me giving people rides for a small fee. This was illegal in my city, and a sting operation was set up for me. They made me get out of my car and sit on the ground. The real police never came, but I couldn't afford to get the car.
Susie and her brother  went to the park. Susie decided to go on a swing and her brother pushed her. After a while susie wanted to play with other kids but was scared. Her brother went up and asked if they could play with them. Susie and her brother had fun at the park and made new friends.
I got a dog yesterday. It is a cockier spaniel. I named him Milo. He eats a lot and sleeps even more. I love him and I hope we have a lot of fun together.
The school had a ceremony. The principal stood up. She walked up to the podium. She announced a name. Everyone celebrated the person's achievement.
Molly was very nervous about her son's first day of kindergarten. He was a shy boy who had trouble meeting new people. She walked him to his classroom. Before she had a chance to say goodbye he ran off to join some kids. She realized he was going to be just fine!
Candace was making hot cocoa in the microwave. She had heated some milk causing a gross film to develop. She careful used a fork to scoop the yucky bits out. Luckily the hot cocoa was otherwise perfect. Candace finished her cup in just a few minutes.
Sally decided she was finally ready to get a pet. She thought it over long and hard what she wanted. She decided she would get a cat. She went down to the pet store to look around. She saw a white spotted cat and bought it.
Anna was invited to two parties on weekend. One was being thrown by the popular crowd she adored. The other was being thrown by her long-time friends. Anna wished she could attend the popular party. But she knew the right thing to do was attend her friends' party.
Charles has regretfully gone blind. He's having trouble adjusting to his new lifestyle. He gets frustrated easily when he cannot find things. He hates relying on others for transportation. Charles is now very depressed.
Melissa was walking around the halls. She eventually stopped under a tree. A huge spider ended up falling in her hair. She didn't notice until it started crawling on her forehead. She ended up screaming and ran.
Eric had the football. He ran really fast. The other team was lost. He crossed the endzone. He scored a touchdown.
Jen attended her weekly drawing class. The instructor told the students to take out all of their tools. He began the class by drawing a face on the board. Jen tried to copy the same face. However, her drawing came out with many flaws.
Everyone got together to say their prayers. However, my aunt gave a slick comment about my other aunt. They immediately began to bicker at each other. Ultimately, they both ended up landing on the food. We had to throw most of the items away.
Annie realized one day that her house was in disarray. She could barely see her own floor under all the junk she kept around. Deciding to take action, Annie posted flyers for a yard sale. That day, the entire neighborhood showed up and bought everything. Annie ended up with a clean house and made her rent that day.
Tim was hiking up a mountain with friends. He wasn't paying attention and lost his footing. Tim tumbled down down for a few yards. He was severely hurt. Tim's friends had to call for help and carry him.
The kid's back hurt. He decided he needed a cushion on his chair. He shopped for the perfect one. One was too fluffy and the other was too flat. He found a great cushion and put it on his chair.
John raced to the terminal and boarded his plane at the last minute. He was eager to return home to his wife and newborn girl. As he sat down, the captain came on the speaker. The plane had an issue and they would be delayed three hours. John was heartbroken but eventually made it home.
Dan was teaching his daughter to check her oil in her car. She watched as he did it once. She then attempted herself. She quickly yanked the stick out instead of slowly pulling. Dan laughed as oil splashed all over her face and clothes.
James hated his boring glasses. He wanted a new pair before school started. He went online and picked a pair out. It arrived in the mail a couple of weeks later. He loved how the new glasses looked.
Kerry was a real estate agent. She had a knack for finding good deals. She loved the feeling of helping others. One day, she found a fixer upper for a young couple. It was their first home and they loved it.
Tom was a professional golfer. He was at his most intense tournament. The crowd was especially energetic. They kept being loud while Tom tried to play. It ruined his concentration and made him do poorly.
Jan called herself the coupon queen. She filled her home with items she got for next to nothing. When the house was overflowing, Jan built an addition. She could barely pay for the extra utilities and the new construction. So, Jan worked even harder to clip coupons to save money.
Rocket was a mean cat. He didn't like to be pet. If he wouldn't let anyone get close. One day his owners son got too close. Rocket ended up scratching him.
The kids turned on the hose. They sprayed it all over the hose. They made their own water slide! They went down it several times. It made a big, fun mud puddle at the end.
There was a sale on potatoes at Lindsay's local grocery store. Lindsay bought two bags of potatoes. She forgot about the potatoes. The potatoes went bad. Lindsay ended up throwing away the potatoes she bought.
Cam made a bird feeder in art class. He took it home and filled it. Then he watched anxiously. The feeder soon attracted many birds. Cam was so pleased with his handiwork!
Rick went deep sea fishing with his grandfather and uncle. They rented a boat with a guide and were gone all day. They took a break from fishing just long enough to eat a picnic lunch. Rick caught the last fish of the day. They caught so many fish that they sold some to the market.
Jane and Paul went to a Thai restaurant. Their food came very late. And it was cold. Both of them complained. And they got a refund.
The family was visiting a fort for the day. They wanted to learn about the fort's history. They read each plaque and learned a lot. It was a great way to experience history! They went home and talked about the interesting things they learned.
Anthony was Charles' little cousin. Charles taught Anthony to be a good kid. But Anthony had another big cousin who taught him to be a bad boy. Anthony grew up and got tattoos on his body and face. When Charles contacted Anthony again, Anthony was in jail
One time on the way home from eating my friend fell asleep. He was sleeping while I drove and the road was very bumpy. I tried to avoid the holes but it was nearly impossible. He woke up a few times but it wasn't that bad. When I dropped him off I woke him up and he went in.
Kelly was very mad at Madison and refused to talk to her. Kelly was mad that Madison stole her boyfriend. She decided to confront her about it. When she confronted her about it, Madison defined everything. Therefore Kelly decided to dump her as a friend.
I love the game of basketball. It's my all time favorite sport to both watch and play. I think the love I have for it comes from my dad. He got full ride to play basketball at a college level. My goal is to one day play college ball as well.
Suzie decided to wash her car. When she had been driving, she had driven through a large mud puddle. She put car soap in a bucket and added water. She used the soapy water to wash the car. She hosed the car off and toweled it dry.
Tim always loved reading and writing. He decided to try and write a book. It took him a long time. Not many people read it. Tim was disappointed and gave up writing.
Sue was cooking spaghetti for her family. Everything was going great. All of a sudden, she spilled red pepper in the sauce. Sue could not get it all out in time. She tasted the sauce and it was ruined.
We needed to put up our new porch today. Looking at the news, we realized it was going to be raining all day. That's ok, we said. We'll just work through it. After a long, soggy day, everything was finished.
Ralph was very hungry one morning. He pondered what to eat for breakfast. He looked in his fridge to find flour and eggs. He decided he would make waffles. After a bit of preparation, he was able to cook his meal.
We met a guy in the labrat boarding house that loved girls. By loving girls so much, he willingly paid for sex and other things. He loves it so much he spends his entire check on them. He has no car or home of his own. The price he pays for having his choice of woman at anytime is high.
Keith was driving home from work one day. He decided he needed some gas so he pulled into a gas station. He went in and paid for the gas and bought a lottery ticket. Keith later went home and went to sleep. Keith awoke the next morning to a winning lottery ticket!
Greg went to a football game. Someone was in his seat. He asked the man nicely to move. He showed Greg his ticket to prove he was in the right seat. Greg looked at his ticket and it was dated for the next week.
I collect press photos of Chinatown. I bought one from 1952 showing a Chinese boy. I scanned it and sent it to my friends. I told they that was a photo of myself. Some of my friends believed me.
John and Tim were friends who went to the same school. They decided to walk home with each other. They walked together every day and talked to each other. It really strengthened their friendship. They're grateful they decided to walk together.
Gina called her friend Lisa. She wanted to discuss her lost library book. Lisa told Gina she had the book. Gina had loaned her the book a month ago. Gina was relieved the book was no longer lost.
Ezra has put on a lot of weight recently. He's tried dieting and exercise, but can never stick to it. One day he runs out of breath and is lightheaded while climbing steps. Ezra's doctor finally convinces him to cut fatty foods and alcohol. Now he exercises to stay healthy, not just to lose weight.
The ornithologist picked up the dead bird delicately. Clipped to one of its toes was a note. He shuddered with anticipation at the confirmation of the conspiracy. Reading the note, he discarded it with a dismissive toss. From then on, he violated the pigeonhole principle by sheer will.
Morgan didn't like Halloween. He never decorated his house or wanted to give candies to kids. When kids were coming close to his house, he'd scream. As they thought it was part of the festivities, they rang the bell. And Morgan, defeated, had to give them candies anyway.
I ran my own lemonade stand when I was a kid. I loved making money from selling lemonade. Running the business was tough, but I really liked it. One day I counted up all the money I had made. It was over 100 dollars and I was so happy!
We rooted for our team to win the pennant. They hadn't won since the early 1900's. We screamed with joy when they won. The players rushed onto the field. They were exhilarated, as were the fans.
John decided to go on a car trip with his family. He thought they would just dive through a few states. They could stop and see the sites on the way. He thought it would be a fun adventure. The family agreed that it would be fun.
Kirk challenged his friend to a game of dart. The loser would have to buy the other a beer. Kirk and his friend both played well. Eventually Kirk lost the game. He had a good time and gladly bought his friend a beer.
A tired man slowly walked into the kitchen. The day had been long and the work strenuous. He pulled out his chair at the table and sat down in a slump. A steamy plate of meat and potatoes sat waiting for him. Smiling a small grin he dug into the food with his fork.
Tina was walking down by the railroad tracks. She saw a homeless guy wavering on the track. He was clearly drunk, a train coming in the distance. She ran toward him, yelling and waving her hands. With a burp, he stumbled off the track and passed out in a ditch.
It was freezing outside. Coming in from play, Ida wanted hot cocoa. But there was none in the house! She had to drive to a local coffee shop. There, she finally got her hot cocoa.
Todd was typing an essay for his class. His space key suddenly broke on his keyboard. Todd could not finish typing his paper. He went to his nearest Best Buy to purchase a new keyboard. Todd was able to submit his paper later that night.
Billy was told to shovel the front sidewalk of the house. He grabbed a shovel and headed outside. Upon stepping on the concrete steps, he slipped and fell. He came down hard onto his back his shovel flying into the air. That day Billy didn't like shoveling the sidewalk.
The author had reconfigured her book many times. She was worried that the ending was bad. The day before it was due to the editor, she tweaked it again. She felt better about the new ending. The book was a roaring success.
Charles head a sound one morning. There was a kitten under his truck. It had been born overnight. He put the kitten in a crate with an open door. The next day it was gone.
Alex and Jay were on vacation. Alex wanted to go to the beach. Jay wanted to go to the zoo. They decided to split the day going to both the beach and zoo. They both had a great time that day.
Sam had a sore throat when she woke up. She walked to the fridge to look for a drink. There was no juice in the fridge. Sam became mad and looked for her small brother. He confessed to drinking the entire juice.
Fred wanted to hold his school's long jump record. He practiced every day during track season. At the final meet of the year he went all out. Once Fred took his jump he was sure he beat the record. The official told him he beat the record by 6 inches!
Tammy could not turn on her brand new television. No matter what button she pressed, it would not turn on. She asked her friend who was good with televisions what to do. He asked if she had remembered to plug the power into the wall. She admitted that she forgot to plug in the power.
John was an avid skateboarder. One day his buddies were making challenges. John was challenged to do a trick with the board on some steps. John tried the trick, falling flat on his face. His buddies laughed loudly, saying they got the fall on video!
Bill had taken vacation time from work. He didn't have enough money to take a real vacation. Bill had a lot of repairs to do around the house. Bill used his time off to make the repairs around the house. The house was in good shape when Bill returned to work.
Fred wants to sell the restaurant. It's time to finally retire. He gets a lot of offers but none are adequate. He continues to wait. In the end, he sold it and lowered his standards.
Amy didn't like doing laundry as often as she had been. She began to put more clothes in the washer than she usually did. The washer could only hold a certain amount of clothes. She noticed that the washer drum no longer spun when she turned it on. Amy had broken the washer because she put too much clothes into it.
The lady gave me a free burger and fries. I was prepared to pay for my meal. She had remembered my request. I had once asked for free food. I went to that McDonald's every day.
This morning I was having a bad feeling. I thought that I was being followed. When I got in my car I shivered and looked next to me. There was someone staring at me from the other car. I turned on my car and drove home as fast as I could.
Mike wanted to compete in a golf competition with his friend. His friend Tom agreed to. The two boys went to the golf course to compete. When they were done, they had a blast. Mike ended up winning.
Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party. She was super excited to make the pizza. They rolled out the dough and poured on the toppings. They then put the pizzas in the oven for a half hour. When the pizzas were done, they had a taste and were delicious.
Dib's parents told him to stop cracking his knuckles. Dib researched whether it could cause him any damage. He found out that it was not statistically correlated with problems. Dib presented his research to his parents. They applauded Dib's work ethic, and reprimanded his disobedience.
Today I played speed chess with my friend Frank. He said he was drunk. I beat him in both games. Then he said he was hungry and signed off. I was very pleased.
Tonight I played 3 games of online speed chess with Jim. During the first game, the board froze. Jim was able to checkmate me. I signed off and went back on. The board was ok this time, and I won the next game.
Tom had a friend who started a business. He hit tom up for some investment money. Tom reluctantly agreed. Within a month his friend's business folded. Tom lost all the money he invested.
Abby was a very well off lawyer in Santa Fe. She decided to help a charity in her local area pro bono. Abby went to the state capital on the charity's behalf. She argued for laws protecting non-profits and the people they serve. Abby was very successful and felt proud of her accomplishments.
Anna wished for a hot, dry summer. But when she got it, she wasn't satisfied. It turned out that the lack of rain had led to a drought. Her city ran low on water and everything dried up. Anna began to wish for rain rather than sun!
Carlos had forgotten to pack his lunch. He drove to the ATM and took out a small amount of cash. Carlos went to a fast food place for lunch. He ate a burger and fries. Carlos made sure to bring his lunch the next day.
Bobby and Susie were playing mud pies. They had filled the outdoor table with pretend cakes and pies. Bobby pretended to be a customer looking for a cake. He got so into it that he accidentally bit into one. Susie couldn't stop laughing as mud oozed down his chin.
Sam received a letter in the mail. It said a distant relative of his had died. Sam was inheriting his title. Sam read on, curious and thrilled. He read that he was now an Earl!
Jake was getting finished with a school paper on his computer. When pressing save, his computer shut off and wouldn't restart. He did everything he could think of but the computer didn't reboot. Finally, he had to take the computer into a repair shop. When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper didn't save.
Clara was tired of kids passing through her yard to go to the park. She repeatedly asked them to stop, but they wouldn't. She went to the store to buy a sign. The sign said to beware of poison oak. The kids no longer pass through her yard.
Tim was feeling a bit tired. He decided to take a quick nap. When he woke up, he found smoke coming from his room. He had left a candle burning while he was sleeping. He quickly extinguished the small fire before it could spread.
I was upset yesterday because my iPad was dead. I tried plugging in the charger but the charger failed and was dead. Thankfully I was able to run over to the Apple Store and get a new one Is one thankfully worked well. I was very relieved.
Ben had just discovered he was going to be a big brother. At first he was angry. He really liked being an only child. But then he met and held his little baby brother. Soon Ben was best friends with his baby bro-bro!
Anna was an exchange student from France. She was in the United States at the end of October. She had never seen anything like how Americans go trick or treating. She dressed up in a costume and went out with the children of her host family. It was a uniquely American experience that she'll never forget.
Diane loved singing in front of people. One day she decided to enter a local singing competition. Diane went up on stage and began to sing. She sang the most beautiful song she had ever sung. Diane won first place in the contest.
Bill loved his socks. He wore them everyday. He never washed his stinky socks. His mother got fed up and washed them. Bill realized that he loved his clean socks even more.
I took the rock I received from the neighbor girl inside. I put it on my mantle. My kids said it was very sweet. I asked them to make her a thank you card. They spent a rainy afternoon making the card for her.
Jack's girlfriend was heartbroken. He had kissed her best friend! She told them she didn't want to talk to either of them again. Jack was so mad at himself. He knew he'd made a huge mistake.
Allison was a professional tennis player. She turned down a challenge from a teenager watching her. But Allison didn't appreciate being called chicken. They played a tennis match and the teenager won. Allison asked her opponent to join her team of tennis pros.
Ruth was working on a school project. She had to share her favorite song and explain the lyrics. She had finished all of her work and was presenting the project today. As she shared, the kids began to tease her for her song choice. Ruth was mortified and didn't finish the presentation.
Sam complimented his new bride on her spaghetti. He acted delighted when she made spaghetti the next week. He started to grow tired when she made spaghetti every week. Sam wondered how to tell his wife he was sick of spaghetti. He gave her a cookbook of recipes for everything but spaghetti.
When my son was young he loved rockets. Each of three different birthdays we bought him one for his birthday. We always shot the rocket off the day we got it. We lost every one of them every year that first day. They are all stuck high in the trees surrounding our house.
Bobby's mom took him to the ice cream parlor. Bobby started to lick the cone he got. The ice cream tumbled on the the floor. Bobby started to cry. Bobby's mother bought him a new cone.
Nick forgot to put the trash at the road. The trash can began to overflow. Nick had nowhere to put his trash. Nick's neighbor offered his trashcan to Nick. Nick put trash in his neighbor's can.
Kelley was in physics class. She was beyond bored. She hated being there. So she told the teacher she had to use the bathroom. She never came back to the class.
Andy was in New York visiting some friends. Andy decided he would go to Broadway to catch a play. Andy was excited, because he scored tickets to see Hamilton. Andy had never been to a play before, and was thrilled to attend. Andy was glad he want, because he got to go backstage with the cast.
I came into my workplace on a day I was not scheduled to work. I just came in to look for my phone that I left. My boss said that she kept it for me in the office. I felt a great deal of relief. The phone was on he desk and I took it.
Our neighbor Lilly is a vegan. In 1997, she took her son J to a school luncheon. J saw his classmates eating hamburgers. He told them they were being mean to cows. His classmates were bewildered.
Bette and George's mom spent a lot of money on school supplies. She always lectured them to keep the supplies nice and not ruin any. One year, the two decided to have a battle with their rubber bands. Mom came home to find all of them scattered, and most broken. The kids were grounded, but it had been worth it.
It was raining today and I was in a good mood. I decided to try dancing in the rain with my girlfriend. As I swung her around, I accidentally hit her head on a lampost. She started crying and immediately went home. Later that night she called to break up with me.
Eddie has a crush on a female coworker of his. He has been planning to ask her out for the past 2 months. The day has come for him to ask her out. He walks over to her at her office  and asks her for a date. She respectfully declines and Eddie strikes out.
Jacob wanted a new robe for Christmas. He picked one out from the catalog. He did not think his mom was going to buy it. He told her what color and everything. When Christmas came, he opened the box and there was the robe.
Frank developed a crush on the new girl in school. He gathered up the courage to talk to her. Frank was terribly nervous. He quickly realized that she was amazing. Frank asked her out on a date.
My car broke down yesterday on the way home from college. I tried calling for help, but my phone's battery was dead. I remembered a police station a few miles back, so I started walking. When I got there, I realized the station was closed. I had to hitchhike home.
I took my girlfriend to my cousin's wedding. It was a lovely ceremony. When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up. My girlfriend wound up catching it. She hasn't stopped talking about marriage since then.
Neil took a trip to Borneo. The island was so remote and exotic! He interviewed some locals for his newspaper. He gathered lots of material for his paper. When he got home, he wrote a great travel story about Borneo!
Joe's favorite holiday was Halloween. He planned his costume weeks in advance. He met his best friend Luke at 6:00 sharp on Halloween. They spent three hours Trick or Treating. It would take them months to eat all of the candy they collected.
My uncle had many animals on his farm. My favorites were the deer. There was a baby deer covered in white spots. I walked up to the little deer and kissed it right on the mouth. At that moment my dad took the perfect picture.
Katie wanted to make spaghetti. It was her speciality. However, this time she wanted to try a new sauce. She bought the ingredients and followed the recipe. It turned out great.
The dog scratched itself. Its hair flew everywhere. The house was covered in it. Chuck vacumned again. The dog stayed downstairs.
Giselle was singing in her car when it rolled over. She screamed as her seat belt snapped. She was thrown out of her car. And she landed two meters away from it, unscathed. Her miracle survival was reported in the media shortly after that.
Stan drove his car to work while in a bad mood. The new hit song came on the radio and he took note. Stan turned up the volume on the radio and sang along. He didn't know most words so he made them up. When the song was over he was feeling better.
Karen's friends invited her out to a party. She decided to sneak out of her window. She was creeping through the yard. Suddenly, her dad appeared. He had heard her climbing out and now she was grounded.
Max excitedly walked to the center ring of the tent. He raised his hands high in the air in response to the cheers. First one, two, and then three lions came running into the ring. The lions responded to each of Max's commands. Max elatedly finished the perfect performance.
The delegates gathered at the convention. It was time to formally elect a candidate. They chanted and yelled. The votes were tallied. They all celebrated and prepared for the election.
Sam had baseball practice at five. He didn't have a ride. So he decided he would take the bus. Sam went to the bus stop and waited for the bus. The bus came and Sam went to baseball practice.
Tre went out for a pleasant walk in the evening air. It was a perfect evening, and Tre felt very happy. He came upon a group of friends, and enjoyed their company. Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles. He then continued on his way home.
Isabelle loves rock climbing. She recently signed up for a class at a nearby indoor rock gym. When she arrived the gym was closed. Isabelle double checked her appointment book. Isabelle realized that she mixed up the dates and went back to work.
Tom's tires were really old. They had gone pretty bald. One day he was driving in the rain. Tom hit a slick spot and lost control. The next day he decided to get new tires.
I was going to my first concert last weekend. I was so excited, I had my camera phone ready. At the front door they said we couldn't take photos. I told them my phone camera was broken anyway. Inside the concert I took photos anyway.
Babe Ruth could hit more homers than anyone. Homers win games. He joined the yankees. He still hit more than anybody. The yankees won more game.
Sam wanted to be an artist. He drew portraits of his friends all the time. He later on started putting it online. He started getting a lot of exposure and people wanted to pay him. Now he makes a legitimate living off art.
Karen was 9 months pregnant. She was very ready to have her baby. One night she was woken up by her water breaking. Her and her husband began their 30 minute drive to the hospital. The baby couldn't wait and was born in the car.
Madison is afraid of clowns. On Saturday Madison went to a carnival. There were clowns everywhere. Madison was crying because she was scared. She and her friends left the carnival.
Tony told Linda she had to do whatever he said. He knew a secret about her and was blackmailing her. He made her steal some things for him. He told her if she did it again, she would be off the hook. Instead, Linda went to the police.
Ed liked to pretend he was a robot. He went to school like that also. Some kids started picking on him because of his robot ways. He gave one of them a black eye and another an arm twist. They didn't know this robot knew karate.
John wanted to play something new and different. A worker recommended a game to him. John bought it and tried it out. He played it for a few hours but never got into it. He never took that employees advice again.
Sarah had to stay in a hotel when she traveled around the world. She liked to stay in rooms that had nice view's. She saw a man in the pool and wanted to swim too. She got down to the pool and he was already gone. So,she decided to go for a swim anyway and have fun.
Dee decided to make a meatloaf for dinner. She put it together and put it in the oven. As it was cooking, the phone rang and she began to talk. Dee lost track of time and started to smell something burning. She ran to the oven, but her dinner was ruined anyway.
Grant was put in a team. They were assigned a sock client. They researched. They made a cool ad campaign. Grant got a raise.
Sally's team was in the last inning of the game. The team only had one chance to make the playoffs. Sally told her batter to hit a homerun. The batter stood up to the plate. He focused and hit the ball straight out of the field!
The ice cream truck drove down the street. Some children ran up to the truck. The truck stopped. The children bought some ice cream. The ice cream truck driver counted his money.
I slept at a hotel near an airport. The mattress was the best in the world. It had been a long day. I just sank right into it. I've never had a better night's sleep.
Kate wanted to watch a scary movie. She rented The Shining and made some popcorn. Ten minutes in she remembered how scary the movie really was. She decided not to watch the movie after all. Instead she watched a comedy film and went to sleep.
Molly was planning on making a soup. She was using her grandma's recipe. One of the measurements was sort of confusing. Molly called her grandma to ask about it. Her grandma gave her the correct number.
I was walking around at night to get some water. I left all the lights off. Without realizing it I slammed my toe into a table leg. The pain made me think I broke my toe. Luckily it was fine after a few days
Bonnie was a travel agent in a small town. She wanted to get more clients but no one in her town traveled. She put flyers of amazing locations up all over town. Soon the people in town were anxious to take a trip! Bonnie had more business than she had ever had.
My teacher came into class. He noticed that the class is half-full. Although no one is obligated to show up to class, he was mad. He gave extra credit to anyone who showed up to class. In addition, he failed those who didn't show up.
I believe everyone can win money in the lottery because I did. I paid attention to numbers that kept showing up around me. I found my lucky number 056 on a car that I kept seeing. I played the number in yesterday's lottery drawing. I won two hundred and ninety dollars tax free.
My mom left the shopping cart by the checkout section. She tried to look for hot-dog buns. A random person walked to the cart. He took the cart and tried moving it. I quickly ran to the person in order to stop him.
Lauren was a dancer. She was getting ready to do her talent. As she was stretching, she heard a loud noise. She then felt a horrible pain. Lauren had broken her big toe.
Mel got a summer job at the ice cream parlor. She hated it at first. Then she got her first check. It was much higher than she had thought. Mel suddenly loved her summer job!
Tommy loved playing kickball but was never as good as the other kids. One summer he decided to practice kickball every day. Each day Tommy got a little bit better at kickball. The next school year  started and Tommy was the top kickball player. He was so happy with all the kickball progress he had made.
Kim was starving but hadn't cooked anything for dinner. In the freezer she found a bag of pizza rolls. As she waited for them to cook her stomach began to growl from hunger. When they finished she waited till she thought they were cool. She burned her mouth when she ate one still too hot inside.
Being late for work was normal for Coco. She always stayed up super late. Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning. Her boss wasn't satisfied with her daily tardiness. Coco lost her job and had to learn to go to bed early.
Jane wanted to let her hair grow long. But as summer approached, she felt urged to cut it. Her long hair made her feel hot. But she liked how it helped her appearance. Jane decided not to cut her hair.
I was taking ballet classes as a child. The recital was coming soon and I was nervous. I practiced hard at home and in class. Finally, the recital came and I nervously performed for the first time. I made a few mistakes, but ended up doing fine!
Our local church hosts a fish fry every Friday during Lent. They have a to-go line where you don't have to get out of your car. You pull up and they write down your order. You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food. They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave.
Amanda's family was taking photos for their Christmas card. She tried her best to make lots of great facial expressions. When it was over they went through the copies. Unfortunately she didn't see a single good one. She insisted on taking more and luckily got a better one.
Kate only had one month of school left. But she was too depressed to go. Her mom took her to a therapist. And Kate said other students were teasing her. Kate felt better when she was moved to better school.
Earnest was a very romantic man. He had many lovers across his lifetime. Earnest never could find that special someone. One day earnest confessed his love for his best friend. The next day Ernest died peacefully in his sleep.
The scientists were helping the students learn. They were teaching them about experiments. The experiment involved baking soda and vinegar. The budding scientists liked seeing the reaction. They were all inspired to learn more about science.
Kayla was the head cheerleader at Elmont High. She was used to being popular and well-liked by everyone. One day, Kayla lost her backpack with her uniform and camera in it. Worried and upset, she asked all around the school for the backpack. A girl named Heather had found her backpack and was saving it for her!
Teresa was used to the flood season. Just today she had to wade through waters to get back home. When she got home, she noticed that she had a small cut on her feet. Concerned that she may get an infection, she washed the wound well. She then put on some antibiotic ointment and went to bed.
Kay had best cancer, but the treatment had made her hair fall out. She was afraid to return to school without hair. But she couldn't find any wigs she liked, so she decided to go bald. On her first day back, she got a wonderful surprise. Five other students had shaved their heads to look just like her!
Lakyn and her her boyfriend had been discussing engagement. Lakyn was very worried about him picking a ring she wouldn't like. She went through catalogs and made note of the rings she loved. Her boyfriend took the photos and went to the jewelry store. She was so happy when he proposed and the ring was perfect.
I was travelling along the road one day alone. When it got dark I decided to make camp and rest. I rested well but was greeted by a grim sight upon waking. In the dark I had camped near a large rock which rolled onto my gear. Despite my best efforts I couldn't move it and had to leave it behind.
Kayla was excited to start college. She had picked out her dorm. She bought her new bedding. She had met her roommate. She was determined college was going to be great.
Jorge sat on a bench in the park. He watched the birds milling around on the grass. He fed the birds with bread he had brought in a bag. The birds were scared by a cyclist coming around the corner. Jorge covered his head with his arms as the birds flew into him.
Amy was as at the Minnesota State Fair with Beth. Beth told Amy she needed to try garlic fries. Amy purchased the fries, expecting nothing special. One bite and Amy was hooked. She purchased 2 more to take home.
Danielle has a crying baby in her house. She tries burping him but no avail. She feels him to but no avail. She lays him down for a nap. the baby finally stops crying.
A New England family went out to Florida for vacation. Hoping to get away from the cold, they marveled at warm temperatures. The car left Tallahassee and the family worked their way to the keys. They made stops along the way, such as Orlando to enjoy the sights. Eventually, the made their way to their destination on Key Largo.
Sneha always had tea with her lunch. It became a part of her daily routine. There was a day when Sneha forgot to bring tea to work. The water tasted bitter and her lunch was ruined. Sneha devised a notification system on her phone to prevent such days.
Bob sold his chainsaw to a local rancher. The rancher was dumbfounded at how little he wanted for it. Bob figured he could really blow the rancher's mind. He threw in an old Stihl for free as a back up. The rancher's eyes gleamed as he thought of all he could now cut.
Rob wrote his very first science-fiction novel. He promptly sent it to his editor. His editor suggested a lot of changes to Rob's novel. Rob was upset at first, but he made the recommended changes. Rob was glad he had an editor when his book became a bestseller.
Tom found some cold pizza in the fridge. He decided to microwave it. Tom put it in for too long. Everything overheated. Tom burned his tongue pretty badly on it.
I spent the night in a haunted house once. It was very scary in there. The floors creaked and there were spooky noises everywhere. I was too scared to go to sleep. I would never ever do that again.
Ted wanted a goldfish pet for his birthday. He asked his parents if he could have one. Ted's parents said no to Ted. Ted came home from school on his birthday to a goldfish. He was very happy with his parents' surprise.
Greg wanted to lose weight. So he decided to fast for as long as he could. But he had no end goal. After a few days, Greg felt overwhelmingly weak. And he ended up in the hospital.
Tina went to the candy store. When she was there she saw something not right. A few teens were taking candy without paying. Tina scolded them. The teens then left.
I just spent an hour putting emails into my trash bin. I had a lot of emails taking up space. I was removing the emails one at a time. I figured out how to use a filter to mass dump the emails. I am glad I have space now.
Renee loved fruit. She bought a pint of raspberries. She gobbled them all up before she even got home. Renee decided to go back and buy more. This time, she bought seven pints!
Gena was learning how to make homemade applesauce. She practiced several recipes. Gena found one that used lots of ginger and honey. She selected that one. Gena won first place in the national applesauce contest.
Another winter storm hit last week. My aunt's power got knocked out. Her pipes froze too. She'll be staying at our house while everything gets fixed. Unfortunately that may take weeks.
Chad decided to rob a bank. He got his friends to join in. They ran into the bank and demanded the money. An alarm went off and they started to panic. The cops came in and arrested all of them.
The woman woke up everyday to do her housework. The first thing she did was mop the floors. Then she washed a batch of laundry. After that she started cooking dinner. Within a few hours, the house was spotless.
Bjorn needed to get to school. He saw that his walkway was covered with deep snow. He got the shovel off the porch. Bjorn shoveled the snow off the walkway. He then walked to school down the cleared walkway.
Lucy went to the beach yesterday. She put product in her hair. Yet unfortunately something happened. Her hair frizzed up. Lucy was bummed.
Walter was walking through the plaza when he saw a mime. The mime was putting on a performance for the pedestrians. He appeared to pull an invisible rope and trap himself in a box. The audience was delighted. At the end, Walter tipped the mime five dollars for the show.
Angela was having a hard time reading. Her eye doctor told her she needed glasses. Angela picked out a pair and put them on. Things were so much clearer! She was thrilled to be able to read.
The boy told a story. It didn't make much sense. His dad helped him work on the story. The story improved. The boy told a good story.
Tom was set to run a marathon. He was a favorite to win it. At the beginning Tom tripped and hurt himself. He wasn't able to keep running. Tom had to forfeit.
I found a turtle in the backyard. We named him after a backyardigan. We now allow him to live back there. We bring him food every day. The kids love visiting our turtle in the yard.
I was playing tennis one day. I was doing very well and scoring a lot. I jumped up and swung my arm hard. Suddenly, I felt a lot of pain in my wrist. It turned out I swung my arm too hard and tore a tendon.
My sister in law lost her husband last year. She has been depressed. Her daughter is trying to cheer her up. They are going to Aruba next week. We hope she will feel better.
Charles wanted a raise. He was nervous about asking his boss. He finally built up enough courage to do it. His boss appreciated his initiative. Charles got a raise.
Amy had a watch that everyone liked. One day at lunch Dave walked over and asked to see her watch. Amy blushed since she had a crush on Dave. He told her it was cool as he left. Amy and her friend all giggled as Dave walked away.
John was studying at his college library. He was reading a passage about blood vessels contracting. He became woozy. Suddenly, he was on the floor, looking up at concerned faces. He was told he had passed out!
We entered the voting place during the primaries. A worker there, upon hearing our preferred party, tried to stop us. This had happened before, and I hid a voice recorder this time. They told lies about the process to convince us we couldn't vote. I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know.
My car ran out of gas. I stopped at a gas station. I got out of the car. I picked the fuel I needed. I pumped the gas for my car.
Sean and his girlfriend were about to start school soon. They had to go to different schools and were worried. To feel close they decided to make necklaces together. When their necklaces were done, they swapped them and wore them. They wore the necklaces from then on the rest of the year.
A new litter of Welsh Corgi puppies played together. Jenny peeked in the window, admiring each fuzzy little creature. All summer she had carefully saved to buy her very own Corgi. When the owner gave her a puppy she could hardly believe it was real. Bursting with happiness, she ran all the way home.
I am very allergic to dogs. The other day I went to the park with my friends. There were dogs everywhere. I couldn't get away from them. I had a really runny nose the rest of the day.
Tom always had a fear of heights. His girlfriend told him he needed to confront that fear. Tom agreed with her. Tom took a wilderness tour including a bridge walk high above a river. Tom overcame his fear of heights that day!
My roommate and I found out that we liked the same movie. So, we sat down together to watch it. We laughed and joked the whole way through. When it was over, we both agreed we had enjoyed it. We learned it was more fun to watch a movie together than alone.
Chris was walking to work one morning. He felt very thirsty. He stopped at 711. He bought a Slurpee. The slurpee satiated his palette.
It was an extremely hot day. So Jill decided to eat some ice cream. But soon after, she still felt hot. So she ate more ice cream. By the end of the day, Jill had no more ice cream left.
Anna wanted to drink her coffee. She raised the cup to her lips. The coffee still tasted too hot. She blew across the top of the cup. The coffee was cool enough to drink.
As a freshman in college, Anthony was most interested in girls. Unlike his classmates, he knew how to pick up girls. He went out with his friend that showed girls his money. But Anthony had better luck with women because he smiled often. Anthony's friend asked what was the secret, Anthony said I got game.
It was Gerald's birthday, so his family took him to eat. They took Gerald to Roscoe's chicken and waffles. Gerald ordered the waffles and chicken wings, his favorite food. On the way there, the server dropped the food and it fell over Gerald. Gerald was positive so he just laughed it off and ordered more food.
Matt was a passionate activist with an idea for a musical. He wanted to bring attention to adversity suffered by minorities. Matt had a difficult time finding funding for his endeavor. He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed. The guards at the prison where he's now housed also enjoy show tunes.
Jake loved to argue. He argued with his dad about sports. He argued with his mom about movies. Jake's throat hurt from so much arguing. So he decided to take it easy and just enjoy life.
Ryu was born as an underweight baby. His parents wanted him to gain weight. They fed his extra formula. They did it for a week. He caught up to the average size.
Don was on vacation. His GPS stopped working. Don kept driving thinking he was going the right way. After a couple of hours Don realized his mistake. He had to turn around and drive all the way back.
Sam's team was playing in the state football championship. All the players and fans were excited. The team took the field and the game began. Sam's team played its' best game ever. When the clock ticked down they had won 49-35 winning the championship.
Sara was shopping for a dress. And she picked several to try out. But after an hour, she could not find anything that fit properly. Sara began to cry in the dressing room. And she left without buying a new dress.
Tom's girlfriend believed in psychics. She convinced him to go to one. Tom was reluctant at first. After she made some predictions Tom couldn't stop laughing. Nothing the psychic said came true.
My dad bought a new pool for the house today. We all help him set it up in the backyard. When it is finished, he says we can try it out. I go put on my bathing suit. My siblings and I love our new pool.
The man sold houses. Sometimes he lied about them. One time he got caught. His realtor's license was suspended. He got put in jail for selling houses without a license.
I finally bought the house of my dreams. The house was large and had many rooms. However, it soon got very dirty. I decided to make a cleaning schedule. My house was never dirty again.
Bob was fixing a light bulb. It took a long time. He just couldn't reach it. Alex gave him a ladder. After that Bob changed the bulb and was happy.
My daughter's class planned for a trip to a museum. They rode the bus to the city on a school day. The children toured the museum to see paintings and sculptures. They took a break at the museum to eat lunch. The children talked about their favorite artwork.
A plumber was fixing pipes in an old and historical house. When he removed the trap under a sink a diamond ring came out. He didn't tell anyone what he found that day. He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France. His dream was to see the sewers of Paris.
Claudia was a big fan of photography. She bought an old camera from a charity shop to add to her collection. The camera was old enough that she couldn't source the right film. It collected dust on her shelf for 7 years. Then, her partner found a film for her in the same charity shop!
Kelli was getting ready for work. She washed her face with a special astringent. Later she realized her face was sticky. When she licked her lips, it tasted minty. Kelli realized she washed her face with mouthwash.
Pat was walking home from work one night. He passed a large glass building that reflected light like a mirror. As Pat was admiring himself he noticed the full moon. The moon was a soft shade of orange. Pat walked the rest of the way entranced by the moon's soft light.
Carol had to give a speech to the board of directors. She was very nervous about it. A promotion was on the line. During the speech she threw up in her mouth. She swallowed it and barely finished the speech.
Tom's apartment was recently broken into. It really shook him up. The cops were unable to catch who did it. Tom never felt safe again. He bought a new alarm and a gun.
Mary was going out to a party later. She wanted to get her done. So she went to her local beauty parlor. She got her hair done. She got ready and headed towards the party.
Matt's little sister, Jane, wanted to join the chess club at school. Matt claimed she was young, immature, and that she would embarrass him. She went anyway and tried her best. He was indeed embarrassed, but not in the way he had expected. He was shocked that she had beaten him!
Bill was from miami He never knew when to shut up He would talk and talk to his girlfriend nonstop His girlfriend grew tired of his constant chatter On the very next day she decided to leave him
Karen wanted to make life better for her and her family. She decided to see a shrink. In their first session, Karen did all the talking. In their second session, Karen asked what is she paying for? Her psychiatrist told her she was neurotic and needed to be stopped.
My parents went out of town a lot when I was a teenager. My favorite part was getting to cook for myself. I decided to make the biggest breakfast burrito I could. So 13 eggs, a pack of sausage, two potatoes, and flour tortillas later. I made a large mess that I ended up throwing away after one bite.
Allie bought some shares of stock. She bought more than what she had. She didn't realize this at first. But her broker called her to tell her to deposit money. Allie immediately called her bank and made the transfer.
Jack was very hungry. He went into the kitchen. Jack made a cheese sandwich. He used the last of his father honey wheat bread. His dad couldn't figure out who ate the last of his bread.
The family got an animal. They gave it a name. The youngest did not like that name. He used a different name. The animal would not respond to that name.
Laura wanted to look perfect for the party celebrating her new book. She hoped to look equal to the strong women the book portrayed. The dress she chose was elegant with draped bodice and sparkly skirt. In the crowded ballroom of glittering gowns, Laura shone brightest. It wasn't the perfect dress but the confident joy that set her apart.
Mimi had been with the wrong guy for 20 years. The guy had even threatened to kill her if she left. Then one day at church Mimi met Al and gave him a hug. She wasn't looking for change but that hug was magical. So Mimi finally left the wrong guy to be with Al.
We went on a hike through the jungle. There were bugs everywhere. One bit my hand. This led to my hand getting swollen. I couldn't do anything else for the rest of the day.
Mary and Lisa were best friends, together all the time. Mary was great at the hula hoop, Lisa was not. A Hula hoop contest had Mary very excited. Without telling Mary, Lisa took lessons. Mary was shocked when Lisa entered the contest and beat her!
Ken's parents had a pet bird. They didn't realize it would live so long. After his parents died Ken was left the bird. It lived with Ken for several more years. Ken was sad when it finally passed away.
Gina and her friend Mary were feuding. Rita chose Mary's side, and Tami chose Gina's. Gina was upset with Rita for choosing Mary over her. But she was happy that at least Tami was on her side. Gina now knew who her real friends were.
The library posted signs about not leaving belonging unattended. Marcus usually listened to the warning. However, last week he got a phone call and needed to take it outside. He felt it was important and would only take a couple minutes. When Marcus returned to his table his computer was gone.
Frida went to a sushi restaurant with her family. She did not want to go because she didn't like fish. Her dad encouraged her to try some. Frida wrinkled her nose, but she took a bite. When she tasted it, she realized she loved sushi!
Richard had a dream. His dream was to go to Japan. He also wanted to experience a rainy day in Japan. He eventually saved up so much money so he could go. Unfortunately in the end, it never rained.
There was a murder on the 201 express night bus in Atlanta. No one saw who among the 6 passengers killed the elderly man. The bus driver drove the bus to the police station. When the police entered the bus, there was only 5 passengers. The detective believed that the murderer got away somehow.
Stacey had cat named Tux. Tux would always jump onto her at exactly 8:00 each morning. He didn't need food or anything when he woke her up. Stacey sometimes hated waking up so early on her days off. She appreciated it when her normal alarm didn't go off when needed.
Andrew got drunk and went to the beach. He sat on the sand with a water bottle full of booze. After a bit he nodded off and fell asleep. He awoke surrounded by cops. Finally Andrew was arrested for public intoxication.
Susie took her family on a trip to England. She wanted to go somewhere fun with her young children. She decided to take the train to the Cadbury factory. Susie and her children spent the day taking a tour and trying candy. Susie and her kids had a great time on the outing!
I tried to jump the fence at my grandmother's house. My foot caught on the top of the fence and I fell on my face. On impact I cracked a tooth. I went to the dentist to have the tooth checked. The dentist gave me a root canal.
Lila was sad because she had no friends. She tried to make friends, but she was too shy. One day at the park Lila saw some kids playing. One of the kids saw Lila looking at them and asked her to play too. Now Lila goes to the park every weekend to play with her new friends.
Tim's girlfriend had a younger sister. She needed a place to stay. Tim let her stay with them. After a while Tim became attracted to her. Tim's girlfriend became jealous.
Jim Bob was smoking a cigar. He absentmindedly sat down the cigar on a stack of newspapers. He then fell asleep on the couch. He awoke to smoke. Jim Bob ran outside and saw his house go up in flames.
Ken started getting dandruff. He also had an itchy scalp. He decided to try new shampoo. It made a big difference. Within weeks his dandruff was gone.
Tom worked online. Tom's hands hurt him. He was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome. Tom began practicing yoga. Tom's carpal tunnel soon went away because of the yoga.
Sally saw a strange boy hitchhiking one night. She was nervous, but it was cold and rainy. She felt bad for him, so she pulled over to pick him up. The boy was very grateful for the ride. He was polite to Bless the whole time he was in the car.
Kelly had a lot of cocoa left over in the house. She decided she really wanted to make brownies. After she was done, she took a taste. The taste was amazing. Kelly couldn't believe it.
One day I went on a strange 2 week diet. I had only grapefruit and coffee for breakfast. Lunch and dinner was either beef, chicken or fish. I did not lose any weight, and was very frustrated. I went on a more sensible diet and lost 20 pounds.
Kail asked the family if they can come over. Everyone knocked at the door and he let them in. He told everyone to not panic or freak out. He confessed that he's a homosexual. The family understood and respected his sexual orientation.
Walton was the manager at a grocery store. A woman came into the store and wrote a bad check. Walton looked over the security footage to identify the woman. He banned the woman from shopping at the store. Walton posted a picture of the woman at every register.
Sarah felt sick the morning of the big star test. Her teacher game them snacks and went over the rules for the test. At lunch the teacher gave encouraging words before resuming. Sarah felt much better after that pep talk. She finished her exam and made a very high grade.
Tom's girlfriend would borrow his car without asking. She would always adjust his seat settings. It took him a long time to get them just right. Tom invested in a car with seat setting memory. It helped solve one potential relationship argument.
Amy's friend Beth was having a baby. Amy called her friends to come to a surprise baby shower. Everyone waited quietly for Beth to enter. She was shocked when she saw everyone. Beth was so happy since she thought no one cared to give her a shower.
Mark likes to play guitar. Mark booked a gig at a local coffeeshop. Mark played guitar for 2 hours. The 50 people who showed up applauded him. Mark packed up his equipment and went home.
Jared thought it would be funny to push his friend into a pool. He waited until he didn't have his cell phone on him. Then he tried to shove him over. The friend slipped and snapped his neck. He's paralyzed from the head down now.
I was at my house when I heard a knock at the door. The neighbors wanted to come by for a visit. When they walked in, they made fun of my furniture. I immediately told them to leave. I was fine all by myself.
Tim was afraid of dogs. He thought they were all mean. One day he went to his friend's house. He played with their dog for an hour. He didn't think dogs were mean anymore.
I used to burn my own cds using recording equipment. I searched online for the music I wanted to add to the cd. I added the songs to a computer generated list. I pressed the record button. It took five minutes to make the music cd.
It's trash day. Yet, I'm hesitant to put out my trash. Every time I do, the raccoons get into it. They always tear up the bag. I'm going to get a steel trash can.
Carrie wanted a new pet. Her friend told her to adopt one. Carrie went to the pet store. She adopted a cat. Carrie loved her cat.
John was at work when he got a phone call. His daughter Holly had been caught with drugs. John didn't believe it was true until she confessed herself. He was so angry he couldn't speak for awhile. Finally he decided to ground her for three months.
I went to a Michigan football game tailgate. We had a few beers before the game. As we went to our seats, I stopped at the bathroom. I managed to shut my finger in the bathroom door. I spent the game getting stitches in the first aid area.
Aaron loved the band Rush. The band was coming on tour. He bought a ticket. His dad went with him. They had a blast!
Marta went to Florida. She wanted to go on a trip. When she got there she didn't like it. She thought it was too humid. She wanted to go home.
Nancy had trusted him not to betray her. Yet she felt betrayed anyway and it crushed her will. Nancy knew she would eventually recover from his infidelity. She found the courage to confront him the next day. She felt free after letting him know she wouldn't be staying anymore.
Fred had a business meeting today. He woke up late and threw something on. When he got to the office, he realized he was in sweats. Fred was worried. His boss ended up firing him for his dress.
Zed had built a LEGO town in his bedroom. He'd made towers and arenas, houses and high-rises. His cat slinked in and plowed through it! Zed looked in despair as LEGO pieces flew everywhere. His cat looked up at him and innocently meowed.
Diana was always a careful driver. One evening, she got a headache while driving. She pulled over to take some painkillers. When she pulled over, she forgot to put on her hazard lights. This caused another driver to hit her car, totalling it.
Abdullah arrives at the gym. He warms up with a quick run. Abdullah does his leg routine. Abdullah cleans up and heads home. He passes out for a nap because he's exhausted from leg day.
Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade. Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed. Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.
Matt spent the night in a large mansion. His bedroom was on the second floor. He got up to go to the bathroom. The life size dolls and mirrors in the hallway were creepy. Matt didn't go back to sleep that night.
Three friends wanted to go into an abandoned asylum. They decided they needed masks to combat the asbestos. They all went to Home depot. They talked to a worker who stated they have nothing to combat it. They all changed their mind about going.
Lindsay went to Los Angeles for a big conference. She wanted to treat herself so she took a luxury suite. As she had never been in one before, she felt like a queen. She took a long bath to prepare herself for the conference. And she missed it when she fell asleep in the bubbles.
I sat my groceries on the kitchen counter. I locked the inside back door. I remembered I didn't get the mail. I searched for my keys for the mailbox. I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door.
Jon enjoyed making people laugh. He always wanted to be a stand up comedian. When he was confident enough, Jon decided to do some stand up comedy. The crowd was very difficult to deal with. Jon wasn't discouraged though, and he eventually got huge laughs.
I got a new remote control airplane for my birthday. I have practiced all summer with that airplane. On night I was flying it and the wind picked up. The wind blew the plane out of control. My plane crashed and I am very sad.
Miranda had some money. She didn't know what to do with it. The banks had low rates. So she bought stock. She was happy with her decision.
Tim used to go down to a neighbor's house to play cards. She was almost like a second grandmother to him. They would play cards and she would make him cookies. They would have fun just playing together for hours on end. It was something he would remember for the rest of his life.
Jade worked at a chain restaurant. They were having a nationwide sale on one of their chicken dishes. The sale worked well and the dish sold a lot of orders. The restaurant began to run out of ingredients for the dish. The distributing center had to send more supplies to Jade's restaurant.
It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!
Andrew went to buy a new car the other day. He got to the lot and saw all different sorts of cars. He really wanted a new red car, but the dealer was all out. The dealer showed him a new blue car instead. Andrew bought the blue car.
Kia was touring Nepal. She hired a guide to tour her around. The guide showed her a lot of interesting places. Kia felt her money was well spent. When she got home, she wrote him a great review on the Internet.
Neil loved seeing beautiful natural wonders. Since he was visiting Ireland, he knew where to go. He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher. He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors. The Cliffs of Moher were absolutely breathtaking!
Vincent was driving down the boulevard and listening to music. He looked in his rear view mirror and saw a police officer. The police officer turned on his lights and siren. Vincent had to get out of his car and be searched. The officer was upset after Vincent asked, why did you stop me?
Tom had just landed a new job. He was about to quit his old job. Tom's boss called him into his office. Tom was laid off with benefits. Tom never mentioned the other job.
It was Dexter's first day at Kindergarten. He was extremely nervous but excited at the same time. Luckily, his twin brother was in the same class. Having his brother there provided much needed confidence for him. In the end, he really enjoyed his first day.
Susie picked up some coffee on the way to work. She took a long sip and started driving. All the sudden her car went to a halt. She spilled hot coffee on her. Susie ended up getting a very large burn.
Sally and her bear Teddy had a tea party outdoors. Her mother called her in. She ran inside, planning to come right back out. In the morning, she realized Teddy wasn't inside. She had accidentally left him out all night!
Tom was pretty poor. His girlfriend was really rich. She would often pay for things for him. Over time this created problems between them. Eventually they felt it was better to break up.
Manny worked in restaurants for many years. He worked on the line. He dreamed of being a head chef. Manny was told he would never be more than a line cook. He decided to ignore it and go back to school.
I used to work at the mall. It was very noisy in there everyday. I hated how noisy it was so I went looking for a new job. All the other jobs I found were also in the mall. So I guess I'll have to get used to the noise.
Two-year old Lucas had a beloved stuffed puppy. One day he and his mother went to the post office. Lucas put his puppy in the mailbox while his mother wasn't looking! Lucas started screaming. Lucas was happy when the nice mailman got the puppy out for him.
Susie always had dark hair. She wanted to dye it blonde. So she went to the drugstore and got some dye. So was nervous. But it turned out good.
My husband and I went to a park by Puget Sound yesterday. A bald eagle flew over the top of us while we were there. He landed in a tree and sat looking at the Sound. He then took off. We watched him for several minutes as he circled above the Sound.
Julian began smoking cigarettes at a young age. He did hid it from his parents so that he wouldn't get in trouble. One day at school he got caught with tobacco and received a ticket. He was grounded for 6 months and had to take class about tobacco. Julian swore to himself that he would never use tobacco again.
I bought a special keyboard with mechanical switches. I wanted a keyboard that would be much more durable than my old one. I also liked the high customizability of the mechanical options. But it was very expensive compared to my old keyboard. I'll have to think carefully about such luxury purchases in the future.
Tom was a great speaker. He spoke about hatred and xenophobia in front of large groups of people. People were really inspired by his speech. They decided to vote for him in the election. Tom became the president of the United States.
Charly signaled to her companion to be silent. She whimpered, but complied. They huddled lower in the bushes, being as quiet as they could. The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot. They breathed a sigh of relief, and resumed their morning jog.
Tom had a new coworker at work. He tried to get to know the guy but the coworker was unfriendly. One day he heard of a party at work. Tom learned his new coworker had invited everyone but him. Tom was confused as to what he had done to the guy.
I had a big stack of old newspapers in my house. I brought them to my kitchen to make a kite. I made a big kite using sticks tape. I took the kite outside and attached string. The kite flew high into the sky.
Catherine rented a new house with a large yard and many fruit trees. At first the family was very excited as they always had fresh fruit. There was to much fruit for the family to eat. Catherine started selling the fruit so they wouldn't rot. Now part of her rent is paid by selling the fruit.
Tom is seven years old. Tom went to spend the night with two of his friends. At 1:00 AM Tom and his friends summoned UBER and went for a ride. Tom's friend's mom woke up to find the kids missing. They soon returned home but are in really big trouble.
A photographer was in a dangerous situation. He took a photograph as the situation deteriorated. He was injured and this left him unable to explain what he had seen. The photograph was examined by the authorities. The photograph helped authorities remedy the situation.
Valerie asked Ben that if they can hang out next weekend. Ben agreed to. When the next weekend arrived, Ben called Valerie. He asked her what time he should show up to her house. She cancelled the plans since she went out with her family for dinner.
Jimmy loved to draw. He started using his notebook to draw comics. His friends started seeing it and asked to join. Now he has a whole team behind him. They start selling the comics around.
Joel was getting ready to go to work. He turned on his coffee machine to make his coffee. The coffee machine was broken. Joel wasn't able to have his coffee. Joel stopped and got coffee on the way to work.
Nick and Kay went to the same school. They were good friends. There was a big math test coming up soon. Nick was bad at math, but Kay was good at it. Kay helped Nick study for the test.
Bob undid the straps from his truck bed cistern. He grunted with effort and lifted it out of the truck. Bob carried it to his back porch, buckling under its weight. He set it down as gingerly as he could given its bulkiness. Bob was pleased he'd managed to unload it alone.
Bill thought he was the best baseball player in the league. Jason was sure he could strike Bill out and challenged him. Bill was confident he could beat Jason and accepted. They went to the local park for their challenge. Jason ended up striking out Bill.
Damian was reading the harry potter book. He became engrossed in it. He could not stop reading it. His family became worried. He finished it and everything became fine again.
Claire liked being healthy. She took vitamins every day. She forgot to take them for a while and got very sick. Claire decided the vitamins were essential to her health. She reminded herself every morning to take them.
Lucy was having a party at her house. When Becky and Erica found out about it, they wanted to come. Unfortunately they were not allowed to come. However that did not stop them from coming. The girls really wanted to come regardless.
Sue took her kids to the new petting zoo. They had just opened last week. They had a few different animals there. You were able to feed them. The kids loved it.
While in bed, in the dark, I heard someone whispering. I felt a chill run up my spine. I turned on the lamp beside my bed. I walked toward the closet. I opened it to find my little brother trying to scare me.
Jim was a great basketball player. He always scored many points. One day a friend challenged him to a friendly game. Jim agreed and did not play as well as he thought. Jim learned his skills were not always that great.
Lacy was walking to the store. She noticed a homeless boy up ahead. She started to feel guilty and wanted to help him. When she passed him, she gave him her ten dollar bill. He thanked her and she felt pretty nice.
Gina had taken her mother's house key with her knowing. After making a copy she needed to put the key back. The only problem was her mother was no longer napping. The trip to get the copy had taken too long. Gina was now out of time, and needed to devise a new plan.
Children were teasing Nick as he walked home from school one day. Nick pulled a Playboy out of his backpack. He showed the other children the centerfold. Nick didn't know those were the children of his school principal. Nick got into big trouble.
The boy got his allowance. He went to the store. He bought a cheap toy. The toy was not very fun. The boy was disappointed that he wasted his allowance.
My friend was not feeling well. She was diagnosed with the flu. I brought her hot soup so she would feel better. I felt sick a few days later and I went to the doctor. I was diagnosed with the flu.
Lisa was quick to make sure that her children were comfortable. They were sick and stuck in bed so she made them sweet tea. Tea was their favorite drink, they drank as much of it as they could. She set up the TV in their room and played movies for them. She checked in on them every so often and ensured they were happy.
Kenzie had been reading the final book in a trilogy. She spent all day lounging around finishing up the book. When she hit the last chapter things got emotional. As she read the last word, she began to cry. She had to go out with friends to distract herself from her sadness.
My workouts normally consist of full body exercises and cardio. It rained today, and since I enjoy running outside, I skipped cardio. Instead, I focused on my upper body exclusively. I did about half an hour of weightlifting, focusing on my pectorals. When I was done, I took a shower and went home.
Rand wanted to get in shape. But he didn't have the willpower to work out alone! Then he asked his pal Jasper to join a gym with him. The two guys went every week to work out together. Soon they both had large new muscles!
Tom's mother made him change schools frequently growing up. He always felt, as the new kid, it was challenging to make friends. Other students would bully him. Tom had a great defensive tactic, he would tell jokes. This made kids stop picking on him immediately.
I went to a national park. I saw many animals. I took a lot of pictures on my camera. I returned home after a few hours. I sold many of the pictures.
Bob said a mean thing to Mike. Mike felt hurt. Mike decided not to say anything back. Bob then felt sorry about what he said. Bob apologized and the two became good friends.
Jared was getting a haircut at the barbershop. A man suddenly walked into the barbershop. He told Jared's barber that his wife needs help. He got instantly mad and ruined Jared's hair. Overall, Jared had to cut all of his hair off to maintain a good shape
Lee found a wallet on the street. He saw that it contained credit cards. He tried to use them to purchase a bicycle. But the card's' owner had alerted the police. Lee was arrested for using the card.
Tiffany pushed her shopping cart through the aisles. She bought all of her groceries and was going to pay for everything. She saw something in the corner of her eye that made her stop. There was a beautiful gold bracelet near the jewelry counter. She smiled as she placed it into her cart and headed for the checkout.
Annie liked a boy in school, but was very clumsy. One day while staring at the boy she tripped and broke her arm. She went to the hospital and had to get a cast. When she returned to school, the boy signed her cast. They started a conversation that lead to dates and finally marriage.
My sister and I have a plan to surprise our daughter's for Christmas. We purchased tickets for a Broadway show that is coming to our town. The name of the show is The Lion King. We are so excited to see what our girls will say on Christmas morning. We are even more excited to see how they like the show!
One year, my family and I were traveling to Alabama by car. As we passed through Tornado Alley, the weather turned bad. A tornado formed before our eyes, and came our way. We raced fast to get away, as we were terrified. Soon enough, the tornado disappeared and we were finally safe.
Alice was not feeling confident. She told her friend Jill. Jill decided she was going to give Alice a makeover. She did Alice's makeup to compliment her appearance. Alice looked in the mirror and felt great about herself.
Natasha wanted to become a famous movie actress. She moved to Los Angeles. She took a lot of acting classes. She auditioned for every role possible. But, she never got to be in a movie.
The fabric shop had been temporarily transformed. Shelves of fabric had been moved aside to accommodate quilt frames. Annie and her classmates tacked down backing, batting, and quilt tops. Now attached to the frames, they pinned together the fabric sandwich. Fingers sore from pinning, the class sat back content with their work.
Bertha works in a soup kitchen. One day a man came in. He was very hungry. Bertha offered him an extra portion of food. He was very thankful.
I was sitting in the car when I realized my backpack was wet. I opened it up and looked inside. It turned out my water bottle had leaked inside my bag. I had to take everything out and set it out to dry. Despite my best efforts to save it, one of my notebooks was ruined.
Amy and her sister went to the park with their dad. The girls played in the sandbox. A little boy joined them in the sand box. The boy began throwing sand all around. Amy was upset the sand got in her eyes and hair.
My grandmother sent me a coupon. It was for a free smoothie. I went to McDonald's. I went through the drive through. I was so excited!
My friends tried to fly out for a wedding last weekend. They read the time wrong and missed their flight. They were able to get another flight within hours. It was at a different airport, though. They were almost late to that one as well.
Sally was making biscuits early in the morning. She ending up making 3 dozen for a meal later in the day. She sat them down on the table to cool. She went away for a bit. Her dog ended up eating all her biscuits.
Charles was fond of Asian women and wanted an Asian girlfriend. In the Campus library, an Asian girl flirted with him. Charles was elated and asked her out on a date. That night they went to the movies and dinner. The girl told Charles she was moving back to Vietnam in the morning.
Jackie's garden was doing well. She had plenty of vegetables for her family and some to share. On Saturday Jackie took some cucumbers to her nextdoor neighbor. On Sunday, when she got home from church, there was a knock at the door. Her neighbor had made cucumber salad and had brought some to share.
Lucy was cleaning the house and needed help. Her kids were downstairs playing video games. She only had two hours to finish cleaning before she had to go. Lucy asked her kids to stop playing and help clean. Her kids obeyed and they finished ahead of time.
Gina loves pork chops. She was terrible at making them. One day her dad taught her to grill. She surprised her boyfriend with grilled pork chops. They were delicious!
Craig bought some rollerblades. He hasn't used any in six years. He headed out on the sidewalk. It felt a little foreign at first. Before he knew it, Craig was back in the groove.
Harry wanted to play a video game one day. He turned on his system and began to play the game. The level he was playing was difficult and he struggled. He continued to fail, but kept pushing his hardest. After several attempts, Harry succeeded and beat the level.
Tia had a job interview. She dressed smartly and rehearsed her lines. Then she went to her interview and gave a great performance! The boss called her the next day to offer her the position. Tia joyfully accepted the offer!
I had just moved to Long Island and wanted to visit New York City. I decided to take the train there and walked to the train station. I bought my ticket and went to the platform and waited for the train. I got on the train and someone stamped my ticket when I sat down. The train ride took about an hour and then I got off at Penn Station.
I went to the store to buy a phone. I was buying my first smartphone. I did not know what to get. The salesman convinced me to buy a 500 dollar phone. I was sad when I found out that they sold smartphones for 40 bucks.
Jane was going to her first dance party. He was nervous and excited. Once there a girl asked him to dance. He agreed even though he didn't know how. They danced and it was awkward but fun.
Stacy wanted to have a sleepover. She invited Stella and lucy over. Unfortunately Lucy couldn't come until later. Stacy was disappointed, They waited three hours for Lucy.
Tom had a young baby boy. His son was having trouble sleeping. Tom began reading nighttime stories to his son. His son loved the fairy tales. His son slept great after hearing the nice fairy tales.
Tom was eating pizza. Tom wanted to look at his phone while he ate. He clumsily reached for his phone. He dropped his phone. He cracked the screen on the phone.
Bill had a normal testosterone level of 1100 when he was 20. As he aged his testosterone levels dropped. As he aged his muscle tone decreased and body fat increased. He found a doctor who prescribed testosterone supplementation. He is now 70 and his level is 1100 again and he has muscles again.
Bill decided he wanted a new puppy. His father gave him a goldfish instead. Bill worked hard to take care of the fish. He fed and cared for it daily. Eventually, Bill's father rewarded his hard work with a cute puppy.
One day Xavier took a trip to Maine. First he went to Acadia National Park. Then he went to Casco Bay. Finally he visited the Victoria Mansion. He had a great time.
Stan decides he needs more sporting equipment. He goes to the store to find something nice. Stan buys a baseball. When he gets home he puts the baseball on his mantle. Stan is glad he bought some sporting equipment.
Jenny took out a frying pan. She threw two eggs onto to it, followed by salt. The eggs started to fry. However, it wasn't combined with butter and it got stuck on the pan. Jenny had to scrape it out with a fork.
Kelley was so excited to get her new bike. As soon as she got it, she immediately used it. She rode it all around the park. Unfortunately she got it lost. Luckily after an hour, she found it.
Cody wanted to make herself some shoes to wear. She gathered some tape and some cardboard. As she was taping the shoes together, she thought they looked good. She wore the shoes every day until they wore out. When they broke, she couldn't have been more upset.
Tim was out of shape. His friends convinced him to join a marathon. It was for a good cause. Tim refused to train and couldn't finish. He was embarrassed and lost friends.
The group was going to sing at a concert. As they were driving along, a deer ran right into their car. The deer bounced off and ran into the field. There was a dent in the car and deer spit on the window. Everyone felt relieved that there wasn't more damage.
Todd's son played baseball at the local ball organization. Todd owned a small business. His son's team needed a sponsor for his team. Todd offered to sponsor the team. The sponsorship got Todd more clients.
Mary wanted to have a party. She invited all her friends. Some of her friends replied they could not make it. Many of her friends did show up that night. They all had a great time at Mary's party.
Jill was nervous for her first day of school. She woke up an hour early. She did her hair special. She wore her brand new outfit. Her first day went well.
I spent Thanksgiving of 2011 in a rehab center. I had suffered a stroke in October. I was seated at a table with two other stroke victims. The food was good but it was my first Thanksgiving alone. I felt incredibly lonely that day.
Sam loved hot dogs. She ate one every day. There was a hot dog eating contest at her school. She decided to enter. Sam won the contest by a landslide.
Jamie's mom left him in the car for a moment to go pay for gas. Jamie climbed into the front seat. He put the car into gear, and the car rolled away. The car rolled into traffic. The oncoming traffic swerved and a large accident resulted.
Today is Carrie's birthday. She has been at work all day long. When she arrives home from work, her apartment is dark. As she walks in and turns on the light, she is met with a surprise! Her boyfriend has organized a party with all her friends.
My friend got fired from her job. She was a teacher. She was fired for daring a couple kids to kiss each other. It was a boy and a girl. It took her a while to find another job.
Larry was addicted to smoking. His wife always wanted him to quit. He told her he would try. She kept catching him smoking. It was still less than he did before so she appreciated it.
Jane was moving to a new town. She needed to find an apartment. She had been looking for weeks. She finally found one with a vacancy. She was excited to move to her new place.
Josh worked on Mechanical Turk. He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research. The requester thought that Josh did amazing work! The requester decided to give Josh a big bonus. Josh was happy to wake up one morning and see the bonus!
Miley was playing football. She scored a goal. The other teammates lifted her into the air. She was too heavy, and they fell over. They all laughed.
Adam was fishing in a lake. He hadn't caught anything all day. He was reeling the line out of the water when he hooked something. Adam yanked the line out of the water and saw a big snake. Adam hadn't gone fishing since.
Jason had finally made it. It was a grueling hike all the way up. The waterfall was there right in front of him. Jason stood their and took it all in. He was happy he made the hike.
Everything about Mugry Smugry was a lie. She didn't have a degree in marketing. Still she had a deadline due. She worked hard at it. The investors were so pleased, they promoted her.
Jim's favorite ice cream was chocolate. One day he went to the China Buffet. It was really busy. He went to the ice cream section. The chocolate ice cream was all gone.
Jane got pregnant. She did was using birth control. The doctor said the baby could come out wrong. Jane wasn't ready for all that. She decided to get an abortion.
Kathy was bored. She opened a book to entertain herself. Soon, she was engrossed in the story! She read it for four hours straight. She ran to the store to buy the sequel!
Mally is swimming in the pool. She attempts to do a water trick. She gets a really bad cramp. She cannot swim and starts drowning. A lifeguard jumps in and saves her from drowning.
Andrew was playing dodgeball in PE. Somehow he ended up being the last guy on his team standing. He was certain that he would be out shortly. Somehow though he kept catching the balls and knocking people out. This way, he ended up winning the game.
The man grunted at the woman. The woman ran from the man. The man shrugged his shoulders. Another man noticed that. That man liked the guy who shrugged his shoulders.
Mary was in her room lying on her bed. She saw something crawl across the floor. Mary got off her bed and looked on the floor. There was a big spider crawling on the floor. Mary killed the spider.
Diana needed a bus ticket to get home. But she had lost her wallet. She was worried because this was the last bus. But a nice stranger heard her plight. And he paid for her ticket.
I walked to Central Park. When I got there, it was too hot so I turned around. I walked home. I turned on my air conditioner. I wasn't hot anymore but I still wanted to go to the park!
Lionel's sister was drowning in debt. She asked him for money, but he refused to be dragged down with her. Then he found out, through a mutual acquaintance, that she had cancer. By the time he lent her the money, she'd already went bankrupt. She died several months later.
Ivan was in his car and preparing to make a right turn. But there was a pedestrian on her cell phone. Ivan waited for her to cross the street. But she kept on talking. When Ivan decided to make his right, the woman began crossing.
Ben wanted to learn to make his own noodles. His mom showed him how to mix flour and egg and boil them. He thought they came out looking lumpy and weird. But then he tasted them. Ben thought the homemade noodles were delicious!
Ted liked fish. He bought a big aquarium for his house. He stocked it with exotic fish. He watched them for a long time every night. Ted was thrilled with his purchase.
Tom got a guitar for his birthday. He practiced often to learn to play. He looked up videos online. He also asked others questions. Tom became really good in a short period of time.
Jessica was in intelligent but poor high school student. She worked as hard as she could every day. On weekends, she volunteered for various charities. She eventually got a full scholarship to college. Jessica is now a successful doctor.
My wife has an iPhone 6s. She wanted me to take a photo of her. I am disabled and can use only one hand. I could not hold the big phone and take a photo. I used my 5c instead.
Lucy forgot to bring her lunch to work. She decided to go buy something. The only nearby restaurant was closed. She decided to just skip lunch and eat a big dinner. When she got home she realized she forgot to buy anything for dinner.
I forgot my phone charger at home when I went to school. I had to walk to the store to get a new charger. It didn't cost too much, so I was pleased. I took it back to school and was able to charge my phone. Everything turned out okay.
Yolanda felt like she was getting stuck in a boring routine. To mix things up, she started attending cooking lessons on Tuesdays. On the weekends, she threw dinner parties. She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties. The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule.
Allie wanted to buy a house. But she didn't have a large budget. One day she saw a foreclosed home. It was dirt cheap. So she picked it up immediately.
Tom's country had been at war for months. Neither side seemed to be doing any advancing. They decided to call a limited truce. The truce was ignored by Tom's country within days. The war turned even more violent.
Lisa stared at her phone. She was waiting for an important call from her school. They were going to tell her if she had received a scholarship or not. The phone rang at five minutes til five. She got it and was so thrilled!
I walked near the nest of eggs. I was very curious as to what they were. I realized they were seagull eggs. I reached down to pick one up. A seagull swooped down and scratched me.
Adam was the fastest track runner on his team. He was known as the greatest. Many of his teammates didn't like him. They one day tricked him to come to a party. Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body.
Tom noticed that his computer was overheating. And he wondered what was causing it. One day, he was moving his computer to another room. But he noticed that it was creating dust in the air. Tom cleaned the dust out of his computer to stop it from overheating.
When i had a vacation on my aunt's house i met this one guy. He always visit in our house and talks to me. He even helped me doing chores even i didn't ask for it. Then the day came that the vacation is over and i need to go home. When i got home he texted me that he likes but he's shy to tell it.
Patricia loved rescuing strays dogs. Anytime she'd see a lonely dog she'd offer it a home. She'd clean them up and get rid of their fleas. Once they were well enough, she'd find them a new home. It made her happy to create these friendships.
The delivery man knocked on the neighbor's door. He had a package that belonged to Jane. It was brand new pair of shoes. Instead of giving it to Jane, the neighbor took the shoe. Since the order was delivered, she couldn't get a refund.
Neil had just arrived in Northern Ireland. He took a rail journey into Belfast. There, he admired all the sights and sounds. Belfast was huge and busy! He decided it was his favorite Irish city!
Roy went to China. He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons. The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons. Roy was really very disappointed. He asked for his money back, but the tour company refused.
Tanya was a receptionist at an emergency room. One night the police brought in a gunshot victim. Tanya was scared and horrified to see someone injured so badly. She thought seriously about quitting her job. In the end she decided to stick it out and grow from the experience.
Brandon went to the mailbox. He opened an envelope that reminded him of an overdue book. He immediately drove to the library. The clerk researched his late payment. She said that the system made a mistake since he already gave the book
At a costume party, Megan went dressed as a witch. None of her friends could guess what she was. Megan thought that they were being dense. She tried to do a witch's laugh to make it obvious. Her friends looked at her, even more clueless.
Ally loved to sit in her mama's lap. Momma always made her feel safe. Momma would hold her tight and sing. Ally would go to sleep. Ally would wake on momma's lap.
Amy and her friends met boys after dark in the park. But one didn't show up. Amy was beginning to feel like the 3rd wheel. Finally the 3rd boy arrived. He introduced himself as Ben, and they sat under a tree talking.
Jimmy just got his learner's permit. He had never been behind the the wheel of a car. He asked his mom to take him out driving. She took Jimmy to an empty parking lot. He spent the afternoon driving slowly in circles.
Kevin wanted to go to space camp but it was very expensive. He worked hard all summer mowing lawns and made a good deal of money. His parents were impressed and agreed to match what he had made. It was almost enough for camp but not quite. Kevin borrowed the rest from his grandpa and had a great time at camp.
Sidney was a gymnast. She was about to perform her beam routine for a meet. She moved to do a handstand, but her hands slipped. Her ribs hit the beam and she lost her breath. It hurt her badly, but she felt better soon.
Alex was in his bedroom. Someone knocked on his door. It was his mom. She came in and told him that his friend had passed away. It changed Alex forever.
John never understood why people leased cars. But then he sat down to write a pros and cons list. It turned out that leasing was an attractive option. John leased his first car the very next month. He was very happy with the lease!
I pulled into the Target store parking lot. As I walked toward the entrance I saw a Girl Scout table. The cute kids asked me if I wanted to buy some cookies. I fished in my pocket and found a twenty dollar bill. I bought as many cookies as I could to make them all proud and happy.
Benji got a grade of A+ in science class. His admiring teacher congratulated him. Then she asked Benji to be her assistant and help grade papers. Benji agreed even though the others called him Teacher's Pet. He enjoyed helping his teacher grade papers.
I'm the oldest of five siblings. So when I was a teenager and mom was at work I had to cook. At first I didn't know how to make anything. But little by little I learned different recipes. Now I know how to cook plenty of different foods.
Sara always struggled with her weight. She was overweight and wanted to get in shape. She started to walk and ride her bike daily. This continued for a year. She eventually was able to run a marathon.
Lauren's car was running out of gas. She rushed to the gas station to fill her car up. Lauren accidently left her keys inside the car while she pumped gas. She had to call the police to unlock her car. From now on, Lauren always keeps a set of spare keys in her purse.
Nathan wanted desperately to fall in love with a woman. He searched long and hard to meet the right person. He decided to try a dating site. He met a woman on there called Clarise. Nathan and Clarice dated for years and Nathan fell in love with her.
Tim and Jerry decided to go on a camping trip in the woods. They drove out to the woods and set up their tent. Jerry went off to find wood while Tim waited at the tent. After a while, Tim went to look for Jerry. Tim found Jerry in a diner drinking coffee.
Margaret got a twenty percent off coupon in the mail for sandals. She went to the store and picked out the ones she liked best. She got home and was emailed that they were on sale somewhere else. She took the sandals back to the store for a refund. And when she got home she ordered the same ones for $12 less.
Tina prepared ingredients to bake a cake. She worked hard mixing the ingredients together. After she was done, she anxiously waited for the dough to rise. Finally, when she was done waiting, she began to cook the bread, Unfortunately, when she checked on the bread later, she burned it bad.
Four friends were sitting at a table looking at one banana. They were all equally hungry but obviously there was only 1 banana. They agreed to fight for it, through mathematical competition. They struggled for dominance but in the end one friend one. To his dismay the banana was gone, his brother had eaten it.
Grandma Dovie isn't feeling well. She gets admitted into the hospital. The doctors do not think she will get better. She passes away later that night. Her family mourns their loss.
Tina was dragged to a movie. She really did not want to go. Yet she felt like she had to. Her friends would not let her get away. But she ended up liking the movie after all.
Jack was a very bright little boy who always behaved very well. At school, all the teachers and students loved him. He always payed attention and played nicely with his friends. All the other kids wanted to be just like Jack. Jack was very happy that everyone liked him so much.
Little Charlie and his dad were painting the garage. Charlie had some trouble controlling the brush. His dad turned around and started to laugh. Charlie had paint on him from head to toe. His dad rinsed him off with water from the hose.
Kelly opened up a gift from her grandmother. When she opened it it was a sweater. The sweater was ugly. Kelly didn't want to wear it. But to be nice, she told her grandmother she liked it.
I ran in them anyway. My big toe was bent. My friend joked that I should cut off my toe. My feet were still growing. My track shoes would no longer fit.
Kya was given the lead role in Swan Lake. She was nervous and afraid. It was a very hard role! But Kya practiced very much, very often, and very hard! On opening night, they loved her so much, she got a standing ovation!
Judy was cutting potatoes. She accidentally cut her finger. She tried to cover it with a bandaid, but it kept bleeding. She decided to go to the walk-in clinic. It turns out she needed stitches.
The house looked like a good choice for the family. There were plenty of bedrooms for the five of them. The house was older but well-maintained. They only found one thing that they did not like. There was not a single closet in the entire house.
Zach wanted new running shoes. His were old and blown out. He found the perfect pair. When he went to buy them, they were on sale. Zach was excited about his deal.
I bought some sand for the kids. I noticed the container said it was kinetic. When they played with it there was no mess. The polymer was keeping it from sticking to things. Somehow it still stuck to itself.
Tom bought a new book. He hoped it would be fun to read. Instead it started out incredibly boring. Tom decided to keep reading hoping it would get better. It never did and Tom regretted it.
Mary needed to improve her math skills. She contacted the campus tutoring office and asked for help. A tutor came to Mary's dorm and offered to assist her. Mary worked very hard with the tutor for several weeks. Mary aced her math final exam!
Elena was driving on the highway. She tried to cross a few cars. There was a drunk driver driving across her. He decided to turn into her lane. She quickly turned to another lane, but ended up hitting another car.
Lisa wanted a puppy. Lisa's friend had two puppies to give away. Lisa's friend offered to give Lisa a puppy. Lisa decided to get both of the puppies instead of one. Lisa was very happy with her decision to get both puppies.
Before I left my class, I found my friends wallet on his seat. During the next day, I returned it to him. He was extremely happy and thanked me. I lost my homework assignment on the same day. Luckily, someone I knew found it and returned it.
I went to a gas station to get some gas for my car. Inside, there were machines for coffee. I had to choose between iced and hot coffee. I then decided to get cold coffee. Finally, I sipped my coffee on the drive home.
Fred was a working actor. For his new role he was a stunt double. He started working on new stunts. When he jumped off a building yesterday he got hurt. He had to be rushed to the hospital.
Anne was on a cruise ship when the boat stalled. The ship was stuck out on the water due to mechanical issues. Patrons began to complain. Anne wished she could go back home. The cruise ship company promised everyone a refund.
Yesterday I went out shopping. I was looking for a new lipstick color. I tried on a bunch of different colors. The purple ended up looking best on me. I ended up purchasing it.
I loved to eat rice. One day, I was preparing some rice for dinner. Then, I saw a big bug crawling in the rice. I screamed and threw away the rice. I don't eat rice anymore because I'm scared of bugs.
Danny always collected rocks from the nearby beach. His roommate was very frustrated with all of the rocks in the house. She threatened to throw them away. Danny took them to the pawn shop. He made enough money from the ones containing fossils to move out!
Gary was looking for a new laptop. Gary needed the laptop to be light, fast, and efficient. After researching, Gary decided he would purchase a Mac Air. After purchasing, Gary quickly realized he made the wrong decision. Gary was not pleased with the operation of his new laptop at all.
Clark dealt with a fairly harmless but mostly annoying neighbor's dog. He realized his pet mice were plentiful and energetic. Without further delay, he took the cage full of them next door. Sneaking in the gate, he showed them in all their glory to Rex. Rex panicked and stopped attacking Clark's garden.
I was hanging a new net on our basketball goal. My son was pacing in the driveway anxiously. He was cradling his new basketball close to his chest. I asked him why he was so excited to play basketball. He said he wanted to play basketball with his dad.
I wanted to go to Philadelphia. I thought about taking a boat. I thought about taking a car. In the end, I took the train. The train got me there much more quickly!
Ellis and Ina wanted to buy a dog. Ellis wanted a big dog, but Ina wanted a small one. When they arrived at the dog pound, only small dogs were left. Ellis was sad, but he noticed that Ina had already chosen a dog. Ellis agreed to take a small corgi puppy home.
Tom was waving a taxi down. When one stopped someone else tried to get in. Tom confronted them about it. They tried to take it anyway. Tom had to pull them out.
Ginny was excited. Today she would be making a meal for her whole family. They were coming in from all over the country for the reunion. She was making a huge turkey with all the fixings. The day of the meal came and everyone agreed it was great.
Alberto Stromboli had a successful restaurant. One day, he let a novice into his kitchen. Unbeknownst to Stromboli a food critic was there that day. Stromboli let the novice serve the critic. Now Stromboli eats dog food.
Lucy's grandpa knew she likes sweets. But her grandma had restricted her to one treat a week. Her grandpa bought her a bag of cookies. He instructed her to hide them and only have 3 a day. Lucy was elated to have something to snack on other than carrots.
Stephanie got assaulted in the heavy metal concert. Someone hit her and she did not know who. The vocalist of the band saw though. the vocalist escorted the person out of the venue. The vocalist then brought stephanie to the stage
Mike's girlfriend went to buy everyone beer. She knew they liked different things. She only wanted to buy one case, though. She decided on getting her favorite. Everyone else didn't care because they were already drunk.
John left his house to go grocery shopping. Before he made it, he saw a stray dog on the sidewalk. He stopped to check for a collar, but there was none. He took the dog home, and named him Frank. Frank and John are now best friends.
Erin wrote Cindy a note. It talked about the boy she liked. The teacher found it and read it to the class. The boy heard and laughed. Erin was embarrassed.
Robby went outside to find snails for a science project. It was rainy, yet Robby had trouble finding any snails. He noticed a very colorful snail all of a sudden. Robby ran over and grabbed the snail. Suddenly, Robby's hand stung from the snail's venom.
The principal announced the valedictorian for the senior class. The person was asked to walk across the stage. Jen was jealous that he won and was shouting in an angry manner. A security guard noticed her nose and told her to calm down. She remained quiet throughout the rest of the ceremony.
Cathy had a rough day at work today. Cathy decided to go to the bar for happy hour after work. While there, Cathy met the nicest bartender, who cheered her up. Cathy decided to leave her a nice tip for her excellent service. Cathy was glad she went to the bar, as she felt much better.
James had always wanted a tree. But since he lived in an apartment, he didn't have space. After working hard, he purchased a big house. Finally, James was able to get a very big house. He was very satisfied with his life now.
Last night I made pasta. I used a new recipe. It tasted amazing. I made it for my friends. They loved it.
Jim's wife had recently given birth. Jim was home alone with his son. He wasn't really sure how to fix the baby's formula. Jim called his mother. Jim's mother came over to help him care for his son.
Sam was out on a date. They decided to watch a new movie. Sam didn't know much about it. It wound up being a lot of fun. Same decided to watch more new movies.
Chuck just started a new job and then got the flu. He had to call in sick to his first three days of work. On the fourth day his boss told him he needs to work or be fired. Chuck was still very sick but needed this job. He took all the medicine he had and stumbled to work.
Hannah lived on a farm and loved her horses very much. But for her 7th birthday, she wished for a special horse - a unicorn! Hannah woke on her birthday, excited, and ran outside. There in the pen was a pony with a tall thin horn tied on its head! Hannah got her birthday "unicorn" after all!
John had tried a new food on vacation. They were serving rattlesnake. It was a bit odd looking. It was very expensive. He said it tasted amazing.
Claudia looked under her bed. She hadn't cleaned it in quite a while. She got a mop. She swept underneath the bed. She picked up tons of dust and dirt.
Pete walked down the hall eating ice cream. A bit of his ice cream fell and landed on the floor. Dan walked past Pete and stepped on the ice cream. Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard. Pete offered to help him up.
John wanted to take Sue to dinner. He finally got the nerve to ask her out. He called and asked her to dinner. They decided on a restaurant. They had an enjoyable evening.
My girlfriend and I were having dinner together. All of a sudden, a random stranger sat down with us. He couldn't stop commenting on how good my girlfriend looks. I got mad at him and asked him to leave. He threatened me, but the security guard took care of him.
Jim wanted to be a rapper. He thought he had a chance, since he was good. He signed up to compete in a rap battle. All his competition was great, but Jim did well. He came in third place!
It happened so quick. Devin was sitting next to his tv when he smelled smoke. He looked around startled. The smoke began pouring out of a room and he ran out of his house. Devin made it out safely, but his whole house sadly went up in flames.
Beverly was in the middle of knitting a blanket. The yellow ball of yarn rolled along the floor as Beverly knitted. Unfortunately, Beverly's cat began swatting at the ball of yarn. One of her claws became tangled in the ball. Beverly reached down and freed the kitten from the yellow ball.
My friends and I were playing in the street on the fourth of july. One of my friends pulled out a small firecracker and a lighter. We lit the firecracker and threw it away from us. We waited but the firecracker never went off. As soon as we approached it, it blew up in a very violent inferno.
Sam went for a hike in the mountains. The weather was cold and snowy, so he dressed warm. While hiking he saw some large tracks from a wolf or dog. Behind him he heard a growl. Sam hiked out of the forest quickly and never went back.
Chen wanted to write to his pen pal. But he could not find his note pad anywhere! Then he had a great idea. He wrote the letter on a postcard of his home town. His pen pal loved it - AND the photograph of the town!
Larry wanted to write a book. He needed to go somewhere for inspiration. He went to Las Vegas. He wrote about how Elvis isn't really dead. His book didn't make the best seller's list.
Kate wanted pasta for lunch. But the restaurant was closed due to a fire. Kate realized she only had 15 minutes left on her lunch break. This left her no time to go to another restaurant. Kate went back to work without lunch.
Samantha did not have anybody to go with to the school dance. On the last day, she was happy that her friend Bob asked her to go. The two went to the dance and had a great time. Eventually they started dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.
Jake was on a family trip. They decided to drive to the grand canyon. Jake was bored throughout most of the drive. Once there he was in awe. It was worth the trip.
Kelly had a piano concert. She invited her parents to come see. When her father came, he was late. When he got there, he sneaked into the audience. Kelly was happy he came.
The scorekeeper tallied the points. He stated that the last round will determine the winner. Gloria took her dart and focused on the target. Despite her anxiety, she landed a bulls eye. Fabian couldn't replicate the same results and lost the game.
Nicole loved to go on long runs. She ran every day after work. She decided she needed a new challenge for her running. She chose to enter a marathon. After months of training, Nicole ran the marathon.
Tom hated his girlfriend's cat. He decided to get rid of it. He drove it out to a far away park and left it there. Tom acted like it ran away until it showed up again. Tom couldn't believe it found its way back.
Valerie was having a yard sale. She posted signs in her yard, hoping to sell all of her things. It began to rain. No one showed up to the yard sale. Valerie had to bring all her items back into her home unsold.
Nancy took her son to the mall. She planned to buy clothes for him. He ran into the middle of the mall and jumped in the water fountain. Since he can't swim, Nancy drove herself into the water. She rescued him.
Hannah was taking a trip to Japan. She was learning Japanese and trying lots of new foods. She felt ready for her new adventure. She landed in Tokyo and took it all in. It was so exciting!
Mindy looked at her cousin. She had a crush on him, even though they were cousins. She told him they should move to West Virginia. He asked her why. She said because they could legally marry there.
Shelly wanted to color Easter eggs. She was 19 but had never done it as a child. At first she had enjoyed herself dip-dyeing her eggs. But then she remembered something important. Shelly had forgotten to hard-boil them first!
Mike loved playing basketball. He wanted to become a pro. So one day while playing at game at his local gym. A team scout notices his skills. He tells mike he would like him to tryout for their team.
Kyle was at his grandfather's apple orchard. He decided to climb a tree and pick a few apples. The limb Kyle was on broke and Kyle fell. Kyle landed on his arm. Kyle had to go to the doctor to reset his shoulder.
I wanted to make homemade bread. I found a nice recipe online. I gathered the ingredients for the bread. I prepared the ingredients and let the dough rise. I baked the bread for an hour.
Bob took an embarrassing picture of Steve. He blackmailed Steve. Steve paid Bob off. Bob gave Steve the photo. Steve burned the photo.
The woman slammed the door. Some pictures fell off the wall. One of the picture frames broke. This made the woman very angry. The women slammed the door shut again.
Brad fell during practice. It took him a while to recover. He needed physical therapy. He was finally cleared to play again. He was happy to play again.
Keith is on vacation in the woods with his family. He rents a nice little log cabin next to the water. One evening he hears a noise outside. He heads out to investigate at sees a huge bear! Keith scares the bear away by shooting his shotgun in the air!
My neighbor took an Uber on an errand. She took her two year old to the doctor. Her four year old saw her get into the Uber car. He started crying. His dad consoled him.
Diane loves to collect different color of pens. Everytime she saw a colored pen she will buy it. One day she saw a green pen and it's only the last one. But an old guy already got it and diane didn't notice who it was. The next day, she received a green pen from her grandpa.
Daisy really loved the sun. She would play in it all day. One day the dark clouds came and shooed the sun away. Daisy was very sad to see it go. She was happy though when she saw it back the next morning!
We went to what we thought was a Mexican restaurant. I ordered a quesadilla. When it came, there was hardly any cheese on it. It didn't taste too bad. That's what I get for ordering Mexican in Germany.
Ally was walking outside her grandmother's house. She stepped on a board that suddenly gave way. She fell into a hole that had been covered by the board. Luckily, she was able to catch herself and climb out. She wasn't hurt, but she was very scared.
Our parrot got out of its cage. Our in-laws happened to be visiting. My mother-in-law caught it, and it said help. She thought that was cute and snapped its neck. She asked where she could start plucking the feathers.
I had a cat named George. He was a very nice, black and white cat. He was very patient with me, though I wasn't always nice. He got sick and died when he was only four. I miss George a lot.
Terrance was doing poorly in math. He needed a B on the next exam to stay on the football team. Football was Terrance's true passion. His parents decided to hire him a tutor. He was very proud of himself when he got a B+ on the exam.
Jimmy was grooming his cat. The cat was uncomfortable being groomed. Jimmy held the cat tightly to prevent it from moving. The cat got scared. Jimmy's cat scratched him.
Tom had a lot of laundry to do. He hadn't seen his grandparents in a while. He asked if he could do laundry at their place. They were happy to help out. Tom hung out with them all night.
Jasmine bought a beautiful new rug. It was made of a very soft wool. She put it in her hallway and admired it. Just then, her dog ran through, covered in mud. The rug was ruined!
Ben took a nap at home. A sound woke up him at around 2:30. Ben figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters. Ben went to the front door to check his mailbox. He opened it up to find some bills.
I arrived to the pizza place since my delivery was made. The cashier gave me my orders and took down the payment. Before going into the car, I checked the pizza. Unfortunately, I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale. Luckily, I received a refund on the purchase.
Lorelai lived in a gold house. Every night, she was awoken by robbers attempting to steal her home. Bits and pieces disappeared each night, until she only had a roof. Lorelai sold her roof and made a fortune. She decided her next home would be made of wood instead.
Drew needed an idea of a project for the science fair. He asked what his friends were doing. However, Drew realized he did not want to copy them. Drew looked for ideas online of unique projects and chose one. Drew showed his project at the fair and won second place.
Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting. The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal. All of a sudden, the duo found a deer for Dan to shoot. When Dan was supposed to shoot, he broke down crying. Dan's dad told him that it was okay and they went home.
Nick was a petty thief in the wild west. He made most of his money stealing purses and wallets. He made the great leap one day of robbing a stagecoach. While holding the occupants at gunpoint he was shot. That was Nick's greatest and last crime.
Karl went to an Indian restaurant. It was his first time eating such food. He tried a few different things. Everything tasted good to him. Karl returned to the place often.
Tom was trying to get some water to drink. He didn't grab the glass properly. It slipped and fell to the flour. Water went everywhere. He had to clean it all back up.
Jesse wanted to show his family how much he loved them. He cut out some pictures from old photos. He pasted them on a board to make a big picture. He gave the present to his family. His family loved it.
Ray was hungry. But he didn't know what to eat. He looked through his refrigerator. And all he saw was bread. Ray had bread for dinner.
Jake wanted to quit cigarettes. He went to his local vape shop. He purchased a brand new e-cigarette. He vaped for the new few weeks. He was able to successfully quit cigarettes with his new e-cigarette.
Tom was driving to visit his friend. He listened to music on his phone's radio since his friend lived far. When he stopped to call his friend from the store, his phone was dead. Tom had forgot his charger at home and was distraught. Tom went into the store quickly to find a new charger.
It was a cold winter morning. Sally went to get the morning newspaper. She fell on the steps while walking. Luckily she did not have any injuries. Afterwards, Sally read the newspaper while having coffee.
Troy was on his lunch break. He only had a half hour to eat. Troy decided to grab a soda and bag of chips from the vending area. Troy ate his lunch quickly. He was still hungry afterward.
Cammie had always had an artificial Christmas tree for Christmas. One year she decided to get a live tree for Christmas. She picked out a nice tree at the tree lot and brought it home. Within a few hours Cammie could not stop sneezing. She found out the hard way that she was allergic to fir trees.
Jim's father wanted him to mow the lawn, then water it. Jim grumbled and started the lawnmower. Because Jim wasn't paying attention, the lawn mower ran over a hose. The hose burst and sprayed water all over the lawn. Jim was pleased to get his second job done early.
Jerry was eating at a restaurant that had a jukebox. Jerry wanted to hear his favorite song play while in the restaurant. He went and checked the jukebox's catalog of music for his song. Jerry was surprised to find his song in the jukebox. After entering the coin, Jerry got to hear the song play.
Erica was excited to graduate high school. She had worked hard in all her classes. She received all A's like usual. She was excited when she got her diploma. She graduated valedictorian of her class.
Yesterday I got some new nail polish. I picked up about a dozen polishes. I love the polish. When I put it on it looked great. I cannot wait to buy some more.
Oliver heard about career opportunities in the New York headquarters. He'd never been to a big city before, so was somewhat anxious. On his first day in New York City, he met an attractive man. They hit it off, and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings. Oliver remarks, in hindsight, how moving was for the best, after all.
I started collecting coins. I primarily like to find North American coins. I have a huge number of Canadian pennies. I'm beginning to rethink my collecting habits. Collecting more than one of each coin is just getting cumbersome.
I've always wanted to be able to should press one hundred pounds. Right now I can only shoulder press about sixty pounds. My gym set me up with a trainer who kept pushing me to do more. My mix of working hard and eating healthy helped me reach my goal. A few months later I am shoulder pressing over one hundred pounds.
There was a boy scout club who raced cars. The pinewood derby is what they called it. The little boy competed in the race. His dad helped him build the car. He ended up getting a trophy for third place.
Jon needed a job. He applied for a job as a valet. He was hired! On his first day, he crashed a car. He was promptly fired!
When I woke up this morning, i didn't feel like going to work. But I got up and got ready anyways. It was difficult at first to motivate myself but i knew I had to go. Arriving at work, my coworker smiled and asked how I was. I realized things weren't bad and ended up having a great day at work.
Daniel could hardly wait. Today was the day of the 3rd grade snail races. He had spent hours finding the right snail and carefully training it. The 9-inch course was arduous, but his snail won by an eye. Daniel earned the other boys' twinkies and his snail, some lettuce.
Jack decided he wanted to go for a run. He laced up his shoes and headed out the door. Jack ran for thirty seconds, but then he had to stop. He walked back to his house, panting and wheezing. Jack decided to sit on the couch and watch TV instead.
Sue went to the gas station to buy bottled water. She decided to purchase a lottery ticket. She went home and drank her water. Afterwards she scratched off her lottery ticket. Sue didn't win any money.
One time, the fire alarm went off in my dorm. My roommate said he would throw a pie at whoever set it off. A firefighter came and told us that burnt popcorn set off the alarm. My roommate was the one who burnt the popcorn. After we went back inside, we watched as he threw a pie in his face.
Pauli made a cheap movie with some friends. His friend put the movie on the internet. Many people watched the video. His friend added advertising to the popular movie. Pauli and his friends made over five hundred dollars.
A narcissistic businessman decided to run for president. Since he had no experience, he was not regarded seriously. But many voters liked his anti-immigrant message and violent rallies. Although he had no policy expertise, he was elected president. With an insane novice as president, the country descended into chaos.
Anna was scared to sleep alone in her room. At night she would hear a strange scary tapping on her window. She feared it was a ghost or a monster! But finally she summoned enough courage to investigate. And to her shock, she saw it was just a bird nesting on her ledge!
I was cooking rice. My Indian friend suggest I put cardamom seeds in the rice. He said it would make the rice taste better. I decided to follow his advice. Indeed, the rice tasted delicious!
Sally went to a school dance. She wore her best dress. And she put on her finest shoes. She made her hair just right. But it was all for not, because the dance was next week.
When John woke up in the morning, it was snowing heavily. He was dreading going to school because he had to walk there. He went to the television and looked for school closures. The anchorman finally mentioned that his school was closed that. John was happy he did not have to walk to school in the blizzard.
Bongo was in my front yard one day. He was a sweet half pit bull, half lab. He had mange all over his head and nose. I took him in, and tried to treat his ailments. I was unable to help, and had to rehome him.
My basketball team is going up against the defending champs. It's the 4th quarter with 8 seconds left. We need to make a basket to win the game. The coach was hesitant to call me into the game. However, I made a three pointer at the last second.
I had a big argument with some people at customer service. I didn't want my phone service any longer. The employee wanted me to stay with the company. I asked to speak with their manager. The manager apologized for the employees behavior.
Alice was not feeling well. Her mom thought she had a fever. She decided to let her stay home. She relaxed all day. Her mom was glad she stayed home.
Jane wanted to try a new haircut. She was nervous about how everyone would react. She wore it out with friends for the first time. All of them liked it. Jane was even hit on boosting her confidence.
The man felt cold. He took a warm shower. He felt better in the shower. When he got out he felt cold again. He got back in the shower.
The dentist gave Randy his last filling. He advised him not to eat anything until the next few hours. Randy went to order a sub after resting in the morning. When he tried to eat the sandwich, his mouth had a lot of pain. He decided to throw half off the sandwich away.
Charles was 10-years-old when his uncle took him skiing. He suited up, buckled his skis, but the guys skied off! Charles began sliding backwards down a slope. He skied faster and faster, knocking people down in his path. A guard stopped Charles and then said he must be a professional.
Darren visited a haunted house. The area was very empty and devoid of noise. He felt nervous. He went in and heard so many noises. He left right after
A storm blew in while Sarah sat on her front porch. The sky got very dark. The trees blew over in the front yard. The basement flooded with rainwater. Sarah had big mess to clean up!
Helen loved cold drinks on a hot day. She made a pitcher of iced tea. She added lemons and sugar to it. She poured her friend a cup and then drank one as well. Helen was happy to cool off.
Mary always wanted to be a ballerina. Her parents signed her up for dance lessons. Mary worked very hard in the classes and at home. Mary got the lead part in the dance recital that year. Mary's dancing received a standing ovation at the recital!
A girl wanted a pony. She pestered her family endlessly for one. In the end, they caved and agreed to get her a pony for Christmas. When Christmas came, they presented her with a rocking horse. Her resentment and sense of betrayal festered for years.
Tori really wanted to get into nursing school. She applied but kept getting rejected. She knew she had to work on her grades, so she retook some classes. Tori achieved high grades and reapplied to nursing school. Tori was so happy when she finally got accepted.
I was in a hurry today. I didn't come to a complete stop. I almost hit someone. I decided to allow more time for travel. And, I vowed to always come to a complete stop.
Jenna's was in a choir at school. They were in a tournament and were doing well. It was the final round and they were up against a good choir. They sang their song and it was beautiful. The judges collected their scores, Jenna's group had one the event!
Jane purchased an old house. She intended to live in it while fixing it up. She wanted to start with the painting. But the toilet wouldn't flush. New toilet was immediately moved to the top of the list.
Amy was in especially alert in her morning classes. She had started her day with a cup of coffee. She didn't know why her mother forbid it. She felt great. Amy was considering starting everyday with a cup of coffee.
Laura took out her wallet. She paid for the meal and left the restaurant. Then the waiter came running out to find her. He said that she hadn't tipped. She said she never tips, and the waiter thought she was horrible.
Jena was driving late at night. She saw an animal on the road. Jena swerved to miss the animal. The car hit the ditch. Jena had to call a tow truck.
Myla decided to foster a dog. She was given a black lab to look after. She took care of the lab every day. Many people came to look at the dog. One day it got adopted by a friendly couple.
Edgar watched a scary movie on a streaming service. The movie was about a haunted house. Edgar watched it alone in the dark. Edgar feared that his house was haunted. Edgar overcame his fear by learning about probabilities and science.
My mom gave me a plate of food. I asked her if she can get me some salt. However, she decided to put the salt on the food herself. She ended up spilling too much. My food became salty and I had to throw it away.
Jon needed new shoes. He decided to go shopping. He found the best pair. However they were too expensive. Jon had to find another pair.
Ken wanted to get groceries. He hated people, though. So he did all his shopping late at night. He used the self checkouts. Ken never had to talk to anyone at the store.
Emily was very thirsty and saw her bottle of water sitting on her desk She walked over and grabbed it, taking a drink. Her son ran under her and knocked her elbow upwards. This caused the water to spill all over her. Emily will be more careful with having open containers around her kid.
Sam was at his first school dance. He was shy and didn't have any friends. The few friends he had dared him to ask a girl to dance. Sam reluctantly agreed and asked a girl. The girl said yes and they became friends.
One day, my family's dog ran away. We were all so sad that we would never see our dog again. We put up flyers to try and find her. Later in the week, we received a phone call that someone found her! Thankfully, our dog was safely returned home.
Billy was stuck at the table again. He wasn't allowed to get up until he ate his broccoli. He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room. She did like broccoli. His mother knew that so she had put the dog outside!
Roxanne moved to Hawaii to get away from the states with tornados. She's now facing hurricanes headed for Hawaii. She is terrified almost as much as she is of tornadoes. With the help of friends she is preparing for the hurricane. The first hurricane has begun to hit the island and she's prepared.
Vera shared an apartment with two roommates. Continually, Vera would walk into the kitchen and find dirty dishes Her roommates would go to bed without cleaning up after themselves Vera was so frustrated one day that she threw all the dishes away. Her roommates got the message and began to wash dishes every day.
My friend's dad went hunting for deer. He waited a very long time for a deer to come. Finally, he had to give up. On the way home, he hit a deer in his car. He knew he would get that deer somehow, even if it was unexpected.
Drew took gum out of his mouth. He tried to stick it under the table. A teacher noticed him before he did anything. He told Drew to stop. As a result, Drew got up and threw his gum in the trash.
I started reading Infinite Jest last week. It is a 1,078 page novel. I was into page 300 when I realized the author wrote footnotes. It took me two hours to catch up on the footnotes. I am on page 700, and will be relieved to finish this wild novel.
Darlene's parents called to say they were coming home early. Darlene's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house. Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone. Darlene ran to her boyfriend's house, hoping to catch him. Her boyfriend beat her to her house and her parents were home.
Bob was watching a movie with his girlfriend. They were watching a horror movie. Bob got frightened and screamed during some scenes. His girlfriend called him a wimp for screaming. Bob was insulted and kicked his girlfriend out of his house.
I bought a copy of The Blue Dahlia ten years ago. I never opened up the dvd. This month, my wife went away to visit our daughter. As I was all alone, I opened up the DVD. I watched the movie for two hours and was happy.
Chris was worried about going to school. There was a boy that constantly bullied Chris there. Chris went to school in anticipation of a fight. He couldn't believe his eyes when he walked by the principal's office. The bully was in the principal's office crying with his mother there!
Lucy sat on the pews in the church. She was nodding trying to stay awake. Lucy tried to fight the sleep but was failing. The sound of her own snoring woke her up. She sunk down in the pew trying to hide from the stares.
Mental loved to go hiking in the mountains by his home. He did it often about twice a week and would be gone for hours. It was his favorite past time that is until one day. He saw a mountain cat while out on his trip, he froze. After the close call he swore never to go hiking again.
Tom was eating at a restaurant. When his food came out it was really hot. The waiter warned Tom about the plate. Tom wasn't paying attention and grabbed it. He wound up burning his hand.
Lisa graduated college last year. She all the sudden got a phone call. It was a phone call from the student loan agency. Lisa groaned. She knew she had to get a job soon to pay for it.
I opened Reddit this morning. I saw someone talking about scammers. I realized I knew the person they were talking about. I ended up wasting an hour reading the drama. I regretting spending so much time on reddit.
The stickers glittered in the sunlight. She stared at them in awe. She asked if maybe they would cause an accident. She stuck them to the bumper of her car. She thought they looked very pretty.
Mark loves to play basketball with his friends. He has played for 4 years. Next monday is tryouts for Mark's favorite team. During tryouts he scored eight goals for his team. Mark made the team and now helps them win.
Roberta is married with four kids. She thinks she might rather be with someone else. One day she left her husband. Her kids were very sad. Roberta felt good for the first time in a while.
Ken went skiing with friends. He was new to the whole thing. They all went too high up and he tried to follow. Ken tumbled the entire way down. He stopped skiing and just stayed by a fireplace.
I took my daughter back to school shopping. She is only six years old. The stores these days are so expensive. They want thirty dollars for a pair of jeans. Needless to say, I spent a lot of money.
Tina always wanted a kitten. She never had a pet before. Finally her parents said she could get one. Tina was excited. She finally picked one out.
Sam got home late from work. He was tired and went right to sleep. The next day Sam couldn't find his keys. He looked everywhere in his apartment before checking the door. Sam realized he had left them there when he opened it.
Jane bought new slippers from Target. She decided to indulge and purchased fuzzy white ones. She slipped her feet into her new slippers. She loved the slippers and wore them all the time. A year later the slippers gray and matted so badly they weren't fuzzy.
Chloe loved playing outside. Her mom bought her some roller skates to play with in the driveway. She skated up and down the driveway all day. She got very good at skating. After a day of practice she didn't fall anymore.
Gayle wanted the yard work done. Knowing her husband wouldn't do it willingly, she devised a plan. Gayle went outside with her work clothes on. Her husband grumbled, following shortly. Gayle was glad she knew how to manipulate her husband into chores.
Kelsey was playing with her childhood pet, a cat. She was scratching him like he always liked to be. Suddenly he freaked out and scratched Kelsey. Kelsey didn't understand this behavior from her usually sweet cat. She realized that her cat must have had an injury on her scratch spot.
Tom wanted to be healthy. He read online about meat being unhealthy. He read about fish being the healthiest meat. Tom decided to only eat meat if it was fish. Tom felt his health improve.
Penny loved to collect pennies. She picked them up everywhere she went. One day she needed to pay a fine for parking. She decided to pay with her huge amount of pennies! She had to use a cart to wheel in the thousands of pennies!
George had the same email address for years. He decided to open up a new account. He had to update all his accounts. He also decided to forward old email to his new account. George was glad he got a new email.
George and Kate went on a camping trip. They got lost somewhere deep in the woods. George was too scared to do anything. Kate used her compass and wits to help them get out of the woods. George thanked Kate for saving their lives.
The newlywed couple went to the Bahamas for their honeymoon. One of their excursions was to ride on a glass bottom boat. The boat captain held a fish over the side of the boat. Suddenly sharks were surrounding the boat, and jumping for fish. Everyone cheered in amazement.
Brock hated going to the dentist. He avoided going for ten years, but then he got a toothache. When he couldn't stand the pain anymore, he finally went. The dentist put him to sleep and took care of everything. Brock realized the dentist was not so bad after all.
Linda was lying on the couch watching TV when the phone rang. When she got up to answer it she tripped over the dog and fell down. It wasn't funny at all but her brother Sam started laughing at her. As Linda got up off the floor she threw a pillow at Sam. Before he could throw it back Linda ran out of the room laughing.
Pat bought a ruler at an office supply store. He began to measure things for an experiment. Pat suspected that the ruler was not accurate. He took out a second ruler to compare the two. He found that his new ruler was slightly shorter than his old one.
Scott had the chance to go to Vegas for work. He decided to do a little gambling while he was there. He started off making money at first. Over the evening, he slowly lost the money he used to gamble. Thankfully, he knew when to stop so he didn't lose too much.
Amy and Ben had been together for one month. They had to keep it secret so her parents wouldn't find out. For gifts they exchanged foods. That way there would be no trace. He gave her chocolates, she gave him skittles.
Emily beamed as she put on her pink skirt. She'd practiced for weeks to get the dance right. She ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she got on stage. The months of practice had paid off and she danced flawlessly. She brought honor to her family's emblem on her skirt.
Paul didn't want to attend gym today. He knew they were to climb ropes, something he couldn't do. In class, he positioned himself at the end of the line. Paul was happy to see many other boys fail. To his surprise, Paul climbed up the rope without a problem!
Sam was watching a tennis game. And it inspired him to play too. He bought a racquet and joined a tennis club. But he didn't become as good as he wanted to. So Sam decided to quit playing tennis prematurely.
I was a very rainy day. Marci noticed water was dripping from her ceiling. When she looked outside she noticed water spilling over her gutters. When the rain stopped she climbed a ladder and cleaned the gutter. The ceiling did not leak the next time it rained.
Sasha wanted a unicorn for Christmas. She had a pet horse in the stable. Sasha wanted one with a pretty horn on its head. She begged her mom all day before Christmas. Sasha woke up to her horse having a horn taped to its temple.
Natalie was at summer camp. She was supposed to complete her morning chores but she was lazy. Instead she got some extra sleep in bed. When Natalie's counselor found out she scolded her. Natalie promised not to be lazy anymore.
Kris went to Hawaii this summer. She went with two of her close friends. They went parasailing and snorkeling. Kris had a lot of fun. They all planned a trip back next year.
Today I went to go get my hair cut. I wanted my hair to be cut short. The hairdresser washed my hair. The hairdresser cut my hair. Then the hairdresser blow dried my hair.
My mom took me to the animal shelter. We examined the dog section. This Maltese dog tried running after me in his cage. I felt bad, so I adopted it. The owner told me to take good care of him.
Carl went with a friend to the carnival. Together, they played a variety of games. It wasn't long before they were worn out from all the activity. Because they were so tired, they decided to head home early. On the way back, they reveled in the fun time that they enjoyed.
Leonardo sold fake watches on the street. He made a few hundred dollars a day when business was good. One day Leonardo spotted a middle-aged man coming toward him. Leonardo began the sales pitch and showed him the watch. The middle-aged man smirked and revealed his police badge.
Walker loved to eat cereal. One day, he decided to eat some cereal. He rushed to the fridge. After checking, he realized that there was no more milk. Walker rushed to the store and purchased more milk.
Tim bought a new cap. He kept the tags on it. He wanted to make sure everyone knew it was new. Tim was often told it looked tacky. Tim didn't care and kept them on it.
Jeff kept bothering Carly because she ignored him. He eventually ran into her at school. Carly tried to end the tension and confessed to Jeff. She said that his teeth is the reason why she doesn't like him. Despite the rude comment, Jeff understood and walked away.
Ned needed cigarettes - he was almost out. But they were so very expensive in his city. Then his friend suggested that Ned drive to the reservation. Ned drove there and found that cigarettes were much cheaper there! He bought himself two whole cartons of cigarettes.
Tom took his clothes out of his dryer. He noticed the clothes did not dry because the heater broke. He hung his clothes out to dry. He told his landlord about the dryer breaking. The landlord ordered a new dryer and it was delivered the next day.
Mara began to puke as she had been feeling ill. Her mom held her until the heaves subsided. Mara was sweating so her mom wiped her brow. Mara sat up and smiled at her mom. She thanked her mom and lay back down.
Our cousins came to visit. Everyone had a wonderful time. The kids were all sad when it was time to leave. Our uncle called his office and pretended to be sick. They got to stay and hang out for an extra day.
Tom was driving home. It was rainy and the streets were slick. Tom hid a slippery spot and lost control for a bit. He gained it back without an accident. The event made Tom upset.
It was a beautiful Christmas morning and Stacey was going to bake. She decided to make gingerbread houses with the kids. She got all the ingredients together and put up the houses. They looked too pretty to eat. When they were done, she took to
Sonya liked shopping at thrift stores. Her friend Ann liked the outfit Sonya was wearing. Sonya told her she got the outfit at the thrift store. Ann was skeptical but visited the thrift shop. Ann was delighted in the items she found in the shop.
Amy was walking her dog. She saw a strange man watching her. Amy felt uneasy, so she started to jog. The stranger started jogging after her! Amy ran home as fast as she could.
Leila was drained after being sick all week. Her birthday party was tonight, but she was tapped out. Even though she was tired, she pushed herself to get dressed. Her guests started arriving around seven. By the time the cake was cut, Leila felt much better.
Every day that Suzy sat on her porch she got stung. She searched the house everywhere but could not find a wasp nest. One day as she sat she noticed her hair buzz. She looked up and saw a wasp coming out of her hair! She killed the wasp and never again got stung.
Ruth was at the bar after her game the other night. Usually, there is free pizza set out for the teams. However, this time all of the boxes were empty! Ruth started contemplating going somewhere else for food. At the last second, they brought out more pizza!
We woke up late this morning. We had little time to eat breakfast. We left the house a few minutes than normal. We had to wait for a school bus. My daughter barely made it to school in time.
Marc always had perfect attendance at school. One day, he stopped coming to class. Everyone was worried about him! He came back a few days later. He had been in bed with the flu.
Nell looked forward to a visit from the book mobile. She found a cozy spot to read in the back of the mobile library. Soon, Nell was lost in the plot of the book. She didn't hear the engine start or notice the book mobile moving. When Nell finished her story, she found she was far from home.
Joan hated her boss. She made nasty remarks about her boss on her social media account. Joan's co-worker showed the remarks to Joan's boss. Joan got fired from her job. Joan started to be more careful using social media.
Joe wanted to buy a new bike. He saw an ad about kids making money selling subscriptions. Joe sold subscriptions to his neighbors. Instead of turning in the money, he bought the bike. The neighbors waited for months before complaining.
They were trying to determine where to put the new stadium. Some people wanted it downtown. Others wanted it by the old one. Others wanted it in another city. Since they couldn't decide they decide to wait to build it.
Kim was being bullied in class. She told the teachers bout it. Unfortunately they didn't do anything about it. Kim eventually snapped and punched the bully. She got in trouble with school authorities.
It was a chilly fall afternoon when I decided to go for a hike. I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face. It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud. My shoes were soaked with mud and freezing. I quickly raced home to change into new clothes.
A guy came up to me at a bar asking to see my shirt. He wanted to take a picture of some letter styling for his brand. He did and then he bought me a Vodka Redbull. I later realized he was trying to pick me up. Overall I'd say it was worth it.
Zach just finished culinary school. He offered to make his friend a sandwich. He used some meat that was spoiled. His friend Tristan got sick for 24 hours. Zach apologized after he recovered.
Amy always thought suede looked luxurious. When she had a job of her own she decided to buy one. She had never owned real suede before. She wore the coat everyday, even in the snow. After a month the suede was ruined.
I went on a bike ride with my best friend. We decided to take a nature trail. The trail was beautiful. We saw many birds and beautiful plants. When we got home, we agreed it was the best ride we had ever taken.
Louie was the most athletic kid in school. He spent all day at football practice running drills. One day after practice, he became so exhausted he could barely move. He disregarded his body's signs and went for a run. Louie ended up badly tearing his leg muscle, gaining a permanent limp.
Victoria was learning to draw a face. She started by drawing lines. Then, she added eyes. Next she did a nose. Finally, she drew a mouth.
Robert checked his phone. He saw a rare pokemon spotted at the park. He ran as fast as he could. He checked again. It was just an Eevee.
When I was seven I played soccer. I wasn't too good, but I somewhat enjoyed the game. We were down by two points against our rival team. I finally got a chance to shoot the ball. I kicked the ball the hardest I could and was able to score.
Ed was running late for work. As he walked to his car he could see something was wrong. He had a flat tire. He got so dirty changing it he had to take a shower. He was going to be so late to work he decided to call in sick.
Trudy had grown a beautiful flower garden. She had cultivated the most beautiful blooms. She had started to venture out of her comfort zone with her plants. She decided to start growing fruit trees. The first blooms of the trees showed up that spring.
Anna saw Lost Dog posters all over neighborhood. Then one day she saw the dog! She coaxed it over with a treat. Then she dialed its owners. The dog's owners were so grateful to Anna!
The class recently walked out of the playground. The teacher directed all of her kids to the water fountain. When they came, there was a kid drinking water. He didn't stop drinking for several minutes. The security guard had to pull him back.
Jan tried to keep her hoarding a secret. When a co-worker provided a ride home, Jan didn't invite her in. One day, the co-worker came to Jan's door with a cake. She suggested they go inside and each have a bite. Jan grabbed the cake and quickly shut the door on her co-worker.
Miles was looking for a way to make extra money in the summer. He was a teacher so he had summer's free. He was very good at playing the guitar so he decided to give lessons. He advertised himself on Facebook and Twitter and got clients. He taught nine people to play the guitar and made a thousand dollars.
As an adult I continued to sleep walk. I walked out of my house while asleep. I went into the yard in the rain. The rain did not wake me up. I realized when I woke up in bed, soaking wet.
It was already January and it hadn't snowed one yet. Billy and his friend Leo were very disappointed. They had planned out all things they would do when it snowed. Then one Saturday morning they woke up to find everything was white. They met outside as soon as they got dressed to play.
The driver was trying to transfer some furniture to the store. He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster. The back of the truck opened up by accident. Therefore, a sofa fell on the floor. Another driver crashed into the sofa.
Kia had to wear glasses on her first day of high school. She had forgotten to order contacts and was all out! She was miserable, knowing she'd be mocked by the other kids. But to her surprise, the other kids did not seem to care. Kia was relieved that she had worried for nothing!
Allie was exhausted. She realized she needed a normal bed time. She settled for eight. When she woke up she felt so refreshed. She never wanted to stay up again.
Jim wanted to grow figs. He went to the nursery. He bought a new fig plant. He planted it. It grew quickly!
Maria was on a trip in Hawaii. She really wanted to swim with a dolphin. She looked all over but was having trouble finding a place. Finally she found a place to do it. She was able to fulfill her wish.
India wanted to make ice cream. India searched online for a recipe for homemade ice cream. India found a recipe for vanilla ice cream that was easy to do. After making the ice cream, India put it in the freezer. India was very proud with the way the ice cream tasted.
Glory began a pen pal relationship with an inmate. They would write to each other on a weekly basis. She enjoyed the friendship they developed. When the inmate was released they met in person. Glory fell in love with him and became his wife.
Jesse wanted to look her best. She would regularly wear make-up. She noticed she had acne. She switched to a more natural makeup. She no longer had acne on her face.
Dallas was a spoiled rotten boy who always got his way Dallas' mom and dad always gave him everything he could ever want. He always had the newest video games and toys, but he wasn't happy. His parents realized he was angry and decided to get rid his things. When they got rid of all his things, he became a much happier child.
Nick did not have a date for his prom. His friend Nena also lacked a date. Nick suggested they go together. Nena agreed to go as friends. They both enjoyed their senior prom.
Shayna was freezing. She normally wore lots of layers but she had only packed a few things. She got back to her hotel room and put on her slippers. Finally, she was warm! She decided never to take the slippers off again.
A few weeks ago my friend Tessa and I went to the beach. I was so excited because it was ages since I went to the ocean. When we settled down, Tessa lathered on the sunscreen but I did not. A few hours later I noticed I was as red as a lobster. That night I experienced so much pain I couldn't sleep.
Tina needs to hire people to work for her. This is new to her and she doesn't know how to go about it. She takes out an ad in the newspaper. Calls come pouring into Tina filled with potential people. Tina hires four hard working people!
Ron was a fast food worker at wendy's. He was working as a cashier one day. A customer comes up to complain to him. Ron gets an attitude with the customer and tells them off. Ron is shouted at by his boss and fired on the spot.
Aya wanted to see the whole universe. She dreamed of flying through space exploring. Her parents told her to be realistic. But then Aya went to cosmonaut school! Now, she lives her dream every day.
The forecast called for rainy. I packed my raincoat. It never rained. Instead it started to snow. The weather is never predictable.
Cam was remodeling his kitchen floor with blue tile. He had laid 100 tiles and need 100 more. He went to the hardware store to buy more. They were sold out of blue but had green. Cam sighed and bought the green tile to finish his floor.
Mike's computer crashed every 20 minutes. But he did not know the cause. At night however, his computer was more stable. And he realized how cold the night was. Mike then knew he had to cool down his computer some how.
Anna wanted to go to the beach. She called up a few friends. They all said it sounded like fun! So they met at the shore and lay in the sun. Anna and her friends loved their day at the beach!
Hannah invited her boyfriend to have dinner at her house tonight. She realized after asking that she had nothing in her fridge at all. Thinking for a moment she realized that she could run to the store. She ran down to the store by her house and bought some things. After a few hours she made a delicious dinner for her boyfriend.
Tina got into a fight. She fought with Susie. But they both realized something. They had been friends for too long. So they got together again.
My Mom has an old coffee table that is scratched beyond repair. Normally she is the kind of person who likes everything to look new. When I asked her why she didn't want to replace the table she smiled. Then she told me about every scratch and how it got there. I never knew my Mom was so sentimental.
Bob likes movies. He called his friend to ask if he'd like to go see a film. His friend mumbled something about having to do his laundry. Bob went to the movie alone. His friend was there with a group of people so Bob decided to leave.
Tina paid for the bicycle and got her family ready. It was a six man trolley style bicycle. They climbed on board and started pedaling along the river trail. Although Tina thought it was great fun, her family didn't agree. Drenched in sweat and out of breath, the family returned the bike.
Lou has a large dog named Boo Boo. He decided to take BooBoo to a dog park. BooBoo was very frightened of the other dogs. Lou decided to take BooBoo home before anything bad happened. BooBoo stays at home now.
I had enough of yard work and decided to go fishing. I packed my boat and hauled it to the lake. Backing into the water, I notice my brakes were soft. The car wouldn't stop and ran down into the pond. A quick-thinking fisherman caught it with his tow strap.
Tammy had an old couch. The couch was ratty and torn up. She had to throw it away at the dump. It was too heavy to take on her own, so her dad helped her. Tammy is really glad to have gotten rid of that couch.
I still squirm to think that I had a snail in my mouth. When I was young, I found a snail in our yard. I was sure my mother wouldn't allow me to bring it into the house. I hid the snail in my mouth and brought it in without her knowledge. It didn't seem like an odd thing to do at the time, but it does now.
Kylee loved sour foods. She kept a jar of pickles on her desk to snack on. She ate so many she felt sick. She took a break from the pickles. But soon she was back to eating them!
Carly was driving late at night. She was tired so she rubbed her eyes. Suddenly she realized that she had lost her contact. Without it, she couldn't see the road ahead of her. She pulled over right away and searched until she found the lens.
Desi's family attended a concert at a symphony hall. The orchestra there was phenomenally talented. Desi was most struck by the bold, sharp sounds of the strings. Desi asked her family afterwards if she could learn the violin. They acquiesced and she began lessons shortly after.
Jane went to the board with her new robot design. Her figures indicated it could increase their car production by 5%. The board considered her presentation and agreed. They scheduled the factory upgrade to start right away. Jane received a percent of the patent and a heck of a raise.
Nancy was going hiking. She brought a hat to keep the sun off her face. As she started walking, the hat blew off her head. She chased it down the path. She didn't want to lose that hat!
A man walked into a bank and stood in line. When it was his turn he spoke to the teller. The man asked to see the manager of the bank. The teller told him he would have to wait. The man pulled out a gun and laid it on the counter.
Kate was driving home. She heard a loud noise coming from her car. She pulled over to see what was wrong. Her engine was totally blown. She called her dad and waited for him to pick her up.
Joe was so hungry. He wanted some good food. He went to his favorite restaurant. But they were closed! He was stuck getting tacos at a local joint.
Gigi was about to go out. Suddenly, her jeans ripped. Quickly, she grabbed her sewing kit. She sat down on the couch and sewed the rip up. Then, she put her pants back on and left.
I hate doing chores so I never did them. My parents decided to pay me for doing chores. I negotiated a rate of ten dollars per hour. After a week of work, I decided to increase my hourly rate. My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves.
Theresa loved cold weather. She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold. Theresa looked for jobs in Colorado where the weather was very cold. After a while, she accepted a job in Denver and moved there. Theresa was able to enjoy the cold much of the year in Denver.
Tory was at the eye doctor. She was asking for her prescription so she could buy new glasses. Then the nurse informed her that she might be eligible for free ones. Tory was surprised, because her insurance wasn't supposed to do that. They looked and she was eligible, so she got new glasses for free.
Jim liked bananas. He went to the kitchen but he couldn't find any bananas. His son Timmy ate the last banana for breakfast. Jim went to the market to buy more but he didn't find any bananas. Jim's mom came over for a surprise visit and brought bananas.
Mike needed to stay up late to finish work. But he was getting too tired. He decided to drink coffee. But it made him feel jittery and anxious. Mike felt so bad that he no choice but to stay in bed.
Tia went fishing one morning. She sat for hours in her quiet boat. She never felt any tugs on her line. When she pulled it out to check on it, she grimaced. Tia had forgotten to bait her hook!
We decided to move to a new town next year. We are decided what city has the best opportunities. Somewhere closer to family. We are saving up money. It will be a fun adventure.
Abby recently babysat her nephew. Abby took him to the store, and purchased a toy car. Abby even taught him the noise the car makes. After a while, Abby heard her nephew going Zoom, Zoom, Zoom. Abby was pleased she could teach her nephew the sound a car makes.
Hope rode the same train to work every day. Every day she watched for Drake to get on the same train. She watched him the entire time, building the nerve to speak. One day, Drake sat right next to her on the train. Hope finally said hello and they had a pleasant conversation.
Troy decided to learn how to face paint. He studied under the best artists at the carnival. He worked his way up the ranks of his fellow face painters. Troy felt a bit weird when he moved to doing body paint. He had no idea just how awkward it'd get from there.
Bobby gained a lot of weight over the winter. He went on a diet in the spring. He lost the weight he had gained. He felt good about his body. He didn't gain any weight the next winter.
Ernest wanted to get some lunch. He walked to his local McDonald's and picked two. He loves his burger, but the chicken left much to be desired. Ernest complained. He got a free soda.
There lived a mercenary with no feelings or empathy. He would take the job for the highest bidder,regardless of human life. He killed and killed until he was an old man. One day while laying in his resting bed dying, he saw a man. It was his son, whom he never met or had to chance to love.
The man dove down into the ocean. He swam to the ocean floor. He gathered some clams. He searched the clams for pearls. He did not find any pearls.
Abe was in charge of creating a new landscaping for his neighbor. He wasn't sure what he wanted to do for trimming. He had some old redwood sitting behind his barn and got an idea. Abe put the wood into his chipper and used the chips for landscaping. His neighbor was very pleased with the result and gave Abe a bonus.
When I was a child, I hated microwavable spaghetti. Once my mom made me microwavable spaghetti and macaroni for my sister. In order to get ice cream, we had to finish our meals. I hated the spaghetti so I hid it in the trash and got my ice cream. My mom found out and she and my sister laughed at me for my actions.
My boyfriend got a new job that's a lot closer to my house. Before he got this job, he never wanted to spend the night. Now that he has it, he spends almost every night. I asked him why one morning and he said it's because I'm closer. Staying with me saves him money on gas.
Sara was at Disneyland with her family. It was late and they were going to go on just a few more rides. They were in a very long line for one ride. Sara started to feel so tired, she was falling asleep standing up. Finally, they made it to the ride and Sara woke up.
I cut off all my hair one day. It was short like a pixie cut. I went to my grandma's house. She got very upset because my hair was gone. She chewed me out saying long hair was a virtue.
Jill was playing truth or dare at a party. And someone dared Jill to shave her head. Jill was afraid to say no. When Jill got home, she got in lots of trouble. And she was no longer allowed to go to parties.
Eric was walking home from school. And he saw a man walking down the sidewalk while talking to himself. The man rummaged through garbage bins and put bottles in a cart. When Eric reached his house, the man approached him. And Eric ran inside.
We went to Shoney's for breakfast on Sunday. We always get the bacon and biscuits with gravy. It was very greasy and unhealthy. We ate a lot, and decided we were too full. We went home and decided to take a walk.
Stan was cooking home alone one night. He lost track of the food while watching television. It caused a big fire. He tried to handle it but it got out of control. He lost everything he ever owned except for his car.
John was really hungry. He noticed a hot dog eating contest. He figured it was a way to get free food. John entered and actually won. He was happy for the food and the prize.
Alex was asleep in the nurse's office at school. He awoke to see his dad waiting for him. His dad was an hour late. Alex was mad at his father for making him wait. Dad bought Alex pizza to make up for being late.
Jennifer found a pair of boots she absolutely loved. Although they were expensive, she bought them. When she got them home, she decided to put them on. She slid her foot in and felt something strange. She found a baby snake inside the boot.
A new pop star has risen. He sings love songs. All the teens love him. He performs tonight at the club. The crowd will be big.
Sally asked Pal on a date. Sally wondered where to go. She remembered Pal liked art. She asked him to go to the museum. They went together.
Gary's dad believed in the end of the world. He cleaned up his basement and started building shelves. He took Gary down for a tour one day. There were thousands of cans and MREs on the shelves. Gary kindly complimented his dad on his work.
Don didn't have any cats. His roommate, Elsa, did. She refused to change their litter box. He hated the smell but refused to change it as well. Eventually he got so fed up he killed the cats.
I recently got some new neighbors. I didn't know what to think of them. I went over to greet them. They were nice and told me they were from Canada. The neighbors shared their culture and customs with me.
Shay had moved to a new neighborhood. She was walking around the new area. Then she realized she was lost! She stopped and asked a kindly stranger for help. Soon she was back at her new home, safe and sound!
Karen forgot to take her garbage out one week. She was accumulating a lot of trash and had no room for it. She tried her best to minimize her waist but still her can overflowed. Instead she put all of the trash into bags. Then she tucked the trash bags into deep cabinets in her kitchen.
Jill gets a summer job at the fair. Every day the same cute guy stops by to buy cotton candy from her. After a week he finally works up the nerve to ask her out. Jill is relieved and says yes. She was starting to think that he was just coming for the candy.
Todd had an important meeting in the morning. He set his alarm and went to sleep early. The next morning, he woke up passed his alarm. It turned out that his power went out and his alarm shut off. He called his boss and sadly went to work late.
Freddie was excited. He was going to a blues show that night. His favorite musician was going to play, Jamie The Shrimp Tompkins. He got to the show and stood up front next to the stage. The Shrimp was on fire that night and played an amazing show.
Clint got in an accident. He lost his hand. He was in a lot of pain. The doctors saved his life. He was very thankful.
Rita was online shopping. She was on Target's website and saw laundry soap for cheap. They had bottle of laundry soap for fifty cents! Rita thought that they must have made a mistake. Rita bought twenty bottles anyway and was only charged ten bucks!
For Years Charles wanted a job selling technology. A company hired him three months ago to sell online marketing plans. Charles burned out quickly and was demoted to another department. He made two sales last week, the minimum to keep his position. But one customer canceled so Charles was fired for not enough sales.
Tom had an old pair of shoes. He needed to get rid of them. One day it was raining and he stepped in a puddle. Tom's old shoes began to fell apart. He finally decided to throw them away.
There used to be an old white feral cat living under our house. The cat lived there for at least five years, that I know of. She was extremely skittish, although I would leave food out for her. One day, she limped up to me on my front porch. I took her to the local vet, who said she had an infected cat bite.
My family vacations every summer. Last year, we went to the Ozarks. We took our camper and stayed in a campground. The kids had a blast swimming and fishing. We were not ready for the vacation to be over.
Gina was paying for her candy at CVS. There was someone yelling at the back of the store. Gina turned to see a man walking towards the door. One of the pharmacy technicians was yelling at him. Gina was shocked to see a store employee being so unprofessional.
Gary was visiting his friend who just had a baby. Gary was holding the baby, when the baby vomited all over his shirt. Gary was not happy that his new shirt was ruined. Thankfully, Gary's friend had a spare shirt to borrow him. Gary, still was not happy that his shirt was covered in vomit.
Larry had a leg injury. The injury caused an embolism to travel to his lung. He had to be hospitalized immediately. The hospital kept him for over a week! Finally, Larry healed and was released.
Tina had been spending a lot of time with her boyfriend lately. She decided she needed some girl time. She then proceeded to go and hang with her friends. Her friends were happy to spend time with her. She realized she needed it.
Tom got a new phone. He dropped it within days. The screen cracked in several locations. Tom had insurance on it that covered accidental damage. He had the phone replaced right away.
Jeff hates doing yard work. He let the grass grow really tall. Now there are a lot of leaves to rake. His wife ordered him to clean the yard. Jeff is spending his weekend cleaning the yard.
A boy built a house of cards. He managed to use the entire deck without it falling down. Triumphant, he got up to go tell his parents so they could see. As he stood, his footsteps shook the table, collapsing the cards. He told his family what he'd achieved, but no one would believe him.
Susan was on a camping trip. She was trying to sleep in her sleeping bag. Suddenly, she felt something on her arm. She looked and saw a live lizard. She screamed and the lizard ran off.
I am determined to get under six percent body fat. I've read a great deal on how to do this. So far I have changed my diet to only clean foods. I have increased the amount of cardio I do everyday. So far I've gone down two percent so I'm well on my way!
Kate was excited to graduate. She thought of summer break and school finally being over. But during the graduation ceremony, Kate began to feel sad. She thought of her friends and teachers. Kate was no longer excited to graduate.
I got a letter in the mail. It was from the government. They said I had to go to jury duty. I decided to not go. I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going.
Jeremy looked everywhere to find his first job. He applied to many different places, but no one was hiring. He was discouraged, but applied to a Subway near his house. A week later, he had an interview with the general manager. The next day, the manager called to offer him the job!
Mabel was very proud of her cute lemonade stand in front of her house. She welcomed her neighbors with glee. She didn't understand why all of them only took one sip though. When she tried her lemonade, she spat it out. She had mistaken salt for sugar so it tasted foul.
My nephew made the Cambridge high school football team. My wife and I went to watch a game in 1990. My nephew played defense. His team lost badly to the opponent. He gave up football after his freshman year.
Fred was on a hike with his family. He kept teasing his child. He pretended that he was going to throw them off a cliff. The child began to cry. Fred's wife got angry and Fred apologized.
Sandy went to her granddaughter Meredith's house today. Whenever she goes there, she watches TV. Meredith was upset because her grandmother only watched TV. She told Sandy that she was not welcome in her house anymore. Sandy cried all night because she felt betrayed by her granddaughter.
My roommate slams doors when he leaves a room. I've asked him to stop. He claims he doesn't do it. I finally asked him to move out. He agreed to at the end of the month.
My wife was pregnant and expecting a child. The contractions started late in the evening. We called the doctor and went to the hospital. She labored for 12 hours. Our beautiful baby was born early in the morning and perfectly healthy.
Sophie's friends had a video game. Sophie didn't own a copy. So she saved up her money. She bought the game. Finally she could play with her friends.
I once bought a violin from a pawn shop. It was a very old violin and I the dealer thought it was worthless. I took it home and looked it up online. Turns out the violin was very rare and expensive. I sold the violin for 2,000 dollars.
Bess was in her dance recital. She was getting ready to perform her solo when she yelled out in pain. Her calf cramped up and would not loosen up. The trainer had to give her mustard to help. Bess was not able to perform.
The man ate the same meals every day for breakfast lunch and dinner. He was at his favorite restaurant eating his same waffles and sausage. He looked out the window and saw a young girl eating alone. The man walked up to the girl and asked to eat together. She ordered the same meal as him and he fell head over heels in love.
Chance was curious to what his dog does while he's gone. He set up a small camera to see what happens. Chance left the house. He turned on his phone app to watch. All he saw was his dog laying in front of the door for hours.
Ryan went camping with his friends. During the middle of the night they heard a sound. It sounded like a bear going through their food. When morning came, the entire campsite was trashed. They counted themselves lucky that the bear didn't attack them.
The other day my girlfriend asked me to rake the leaves. I really hate raking leaves, but I told her I would do it. I forgot I to do it that day. She was really mad at me for forgetting. I made it up to her by raking the leaves and baking her cookies.
Layne was a baseball player. He joined an independent league team to play ball. He worked hard and got a major league contract. His coach put him into a big playoff game. Layne struck out the side and got the save!
Jeff was driving home from work. He had just purchased a brand new car the day before. Jeff heard a loud thump. He pulled over to look at his car. His car had a flat tire with a nail in it.
I was always very good at gymnastics, I loved it. There was a big gymnastics meet coming up and I needed to be ready. I practiced for hours, so that I could do my best. On the day of the competition I performed my routine. My hard work paid off, because I won the competition.
Jim made a sandwich. He was about to eat it when the phone rang. He laid the sandwich down and went to the next room. When he got back, the sandwich was gone. His dog had eaten the sandwich.
Sue's parents bought a new house. Sue got to pick her own bedroom. She chose a light blue color to paint the walls. They also hung new curtains. Sue felt like a princess when she finally slept in her new room.
Kelly wanted to build a treehouse. She got her dad to help her. When her dad helped, she got things going. They finished the treehouse within two weeks. When it was done, they went inside.
Anne's mind began to deteriorate as she became sick and old. Anne's son Charles persuaded her to cut her son Fred out of the will. After Anne died, Charles didn't tell Fred that she had passed away. Fred was heartbroken that he had missed his mother's funeral. After the will was read, Fred never talked to Charles again.
Kia had a hip ache for weeks. She went to the doctor. He did some tests and then gave her bad news. Kia's ache was caused by a bone cancer called osteosarcoma! Kia was terrified and shocked!
Bill woke up one morning to a call from his father. His father told him that he was not feeling well. Bill decided that he would stay home from work and bake him a cake. Bill took the cake to his father, and his father ate a slice. Immediately the father began to feel better, and Bill was thrilled.
I moved to a new city two weeks ago. Now I'm going to get a local library card. I go to the nearest city branch of the public library system. I ask them if I can get a card. They tell me I can not, as I have no proof of residence with me.
Ido decided to learn krav maga. He enrolled in the local school. Ido mastered krav maga after many years. Alas, the art had taught him to become very violent. Eventually, he was arrested for beating up an innocent girl.
Anna was twelve and loved jungle animals. She desperately wanted to go to Kenya on a safari! Her parents saved up and hoped her interest would last - it did. For Anna's Sweet Sixteen, they took her to Africa, on her safari trip! Anna had an amazing time on her long-awaited adventure!
Gina's mom's cousin Sherry was living with them. She had been there for a month. One day her girlfriend came to visit. Gina didn't know women could date other women. She wanted to ask questions, but she was too embarrassed to do so.
Marks laptop broke. He needed a new one. He looked online for a new one. He found one and ordered it online. He got it several days later and enjoyed it.
Katherine loved watching her grandfather in his garden as a child. The idea of tending to a garden always appealed to Katherine. Katherine was hesitant to plant a garden due to time constraints. Katherine decided she would start simple with an herb garden. Katherine did some research and planted her first herb garden.
Camille showed her husband the new dress. Her husband thought she looked great. He grabbed onto Camille's waist for a hug. Camille pushed him away. She didn't want to have the dress wrinkled.
My mom and sister found a cat outside of the grocery store. They brought him home so they could find someone to adopt him. My dad called me to see if I was interested in adopting him. I was, so I drove to their home to meet the cat. I fell in love with him and decided to make him my new pet.
Larry wanted to be a web developer. So he designed several websites and added them to his portfolio. For a few months, he did freelance web development. Then he was hired by a larger company. He was glad his hard work payed off.
Harry was swimming in the ocean. After a few seconds, a jellyfish stung him twice. He was temporarily paralyzed and couldn't move. The lifeguard had to dive in the water to rescue him. He sprayed a healing agent on Harry's leg.
Grace was very excited to go to the zoo. She really wanted to see the lion exhibit. She noticed a sign as she got close to the lion cage. The sign said the lion had died! Grace was very sad that she would never see the lion.
Tom was a boxer. He had his first professional match. Tom was outclassed and easily beaten. Tom took in in stride. He practiced harder and became much better.
Genevieve was told not to play with her glass of water. Genevieve tried at first to follow this command. However, the water was too tempting. She began stirring the water with her fork. The water then spilled all over the dinner table.
The walls are thin in my apartment. Yesterday, my neighbor's baby was crying all day long. It gave me a major headache, but a great idea. You see, I like my neighbor. That's why tonight, I'm babysitting.
Abby lived in a small city in Florida. Abby heard stories of local deer wandering into citizens yards. However, Abby had yet to ever see one. One day Abby noticed a animal eating from her garden. Abby was shocked to see a deer was eating her tomatoes.
The girl was ready for bed. She had put on her robe. She had to run to the store. She decided she could stay in her robe. Once she was in the store, she felt very silly!
Kim's son was forever losing his eyeglasses. She had tried making him put them in their case. She bought straps to keep them on his neck. He was still losing the glasses though. Kim finally bought a couple extra pairs so she had some waiting.
The man had a seizure. He woke up on the floor. He felt confused about what happened. He realized he had a seizure. He went to the doctor for medication.
My friend Joe formed a soccer nonprofit in 2008. It gives soccer lessons to immigrant and poor kids in Manchester, NH. In July, the organization rented a soccer stadium for a week. They gave free coaching to 100 children. I intend to donate to my friend's group.
Beth had been throwing up for 3 days from the flu. She argued with her mother when she insisted going to the ER. She finally admitted she needed help. Beth was weak as she walked to the car. Her frightened mother drove quickly to the hospital.
Tom loved browsing the internet. Tom was visiting a new site. The site said his browser could not view the content. Tom had to download a new browser to see the site. Tom downloaded a new browser.
Beatrice was hanging a picture on her wall. She hit the nail with the hammer. It hit against her finger and she yelled. The vibration caused the picture to fall. It banged against her foot and she yelled again.
The war in Europe has raged for years. The allies swore to stop German expansion and attacked from all sides. Finally the surrounding armies met in Berlin. There was fierce fighting street to street. Finally Germany has surrendered.
Mary was a girl who thought she was the coolest kid ever. One day Mary insulted another little girl at school. The next day, that girl's mom came and told the teacher. Mary felt just awful when the teacher told her that she hurt the girl. Mary apologized to the girl, who accepted.
Lillian went to school that day with a headache. She had a big test and was afraid to fail it because of the pain. She looked in her bag but found no medicine. She then asked a friend to give her some aspirin and took it. The headache went away but she failed the test anyway.
Maci was a straight A student in high school. She applied to attend college in France. She was ecstatic to learn she had been accepted to her school. After graduation she prepared for her move. Her parents were sad to see her go but we're very proud of her.
Ronald was job hunting for a new job. He told me about a great food delivery job he applied for! Neither of us were very confident in his ability. He spent days working on his interview and driving skills as well. He ended up getting the job after a lot of hard work!
One evening Marina and her boyfriend Seth decided to watch the sunset. They found a spot at the top of the hill where they could see good. They waited for it to reach the horizon. When it did it cast beautiful colors into the sky. They watched in awe.
Nia was invited to her Jewish best friend's Bat Mitzvah. She wasn't a Jew herself, but she had such a wonderful time! Afterwards, she asked her parents if she could have a Bat Mitzvah too! Smiling, her parents explained Hispanics like Nia had Quinceaneras. Now Nia had her own big, personal party to look forward to!
I walked onto the back patio. I looked up into the blue sky filled with clouds. I could hear a small bird cawing in the tree overhead. I looked into the tree, trying to find it. My dog ran out barking, and scared it away.
Rory went to a house party. He brought a container of gin and juice. Everyone wanted a cup of his beverage. But no one wanted to chip in to cover the cost. Rory went home and drank alone.
I sat before him, crying and sad. All I wanted was his approval. I apologized, but he said he didn't accept my apology. I felt like I was shutting down. I was hurt and spent the day alone.
Kelley had bought some salad. She bought it last week. But she had forgotten about it. So she finally decided to eat it. It was all rotten.
The boy brushed his teeth. He brushed to hard. His gums started to bleed. He went to the dentist. The dentist gave him a softer toothbrush.
I woke up and decided I was sick of my weight. I used to be so pretty, and now I was chunky. I went on a strict diet. I started eating only healthy foods. I restricted too much and became weak.
Tom suffered from depression. It made him lose his job. His health insurance was through his job. Tom was unable to get the treatment he needed. It made it harder to get another job.
Scott is a very miserable human being. He has no friends and is very unlikable. To make himself feel better he chooses to bully people. One day he bullied a girl who was much stronger than him. She beat him with words instead of violence & he stopped bullying her.
Eddie's brother dared him to put pop rock and soda in his mouth. He said they would explode. But he offered Eddie $1 to do it. Eddie was a bit nervous but he wanted the money. The pop rocks fizzed but Eddie survived!
My family wanted to watch the eclipse. I went online and looked up the materials I would need for safety. The neighborhood store had everything I needed for the eclipse. I quickly assembled the devices to watch the eclipse with everyone. The eclipse started to occur and the whole family enjoyed the show.
Lucy walked into her Sunday school classroom. She had been wandering in the basement of what felt like hours. The class looked at her as she walked to the teacher. She apologized for being gone for an hour. The class laughed when she was informed it was only 10 minutes.
Kate was restless on a very snowy day. Her mother wouldn't allow her to play outside. She went downstairs to the basement. She walked in circles and imagined the beach. An hour later she figured she had enough exercise and went upstairs.
My daughter's good friend is pregnant. She tried to determine the baby's gender via ultrasound. The baby was turned in a way to block viewing her genitalia. They had two more ultrasound tests. They finally found out they are having a girl.
Kelly was running through the fields with her friend. They went searching for lucky four leaf clovers. It took forever to find one. Finally Kelly found one. She decided to keep it under her pillow.
Sean was walking through the park. He had a soda can. When he finished it, he dropped the can. Then, a park guard yelled at him. He got a warning for littering in the park.
Todd loved science experiments. He saw a video of soda and mentos making huge explosions. He grabbed all the needed material and went to his garage. Todd set up a camera and prepared the experiment. The soda didn't explode but it did make a big mess all over his garage.
Tom had the flu. He accidentally gave it to his brother. His brother gave it to his teacher. His teacher got sick and lost his voice. He couldn't teach for 3 days.
Max missed English class at the university because of illness. He wasn't able to turn his english paper in on time. His final grade for the paper was a D because it was late. He asked if he could write another paper for extra credit. The professor agreed to boost his grade if he had no more sick days.
Max could only buy one comic book. He wanted five comic books. Max offered to sweep and clean the store. The store manager agreed. He was awarded with four more comic books.
A boy found a four-leaf clover. When he got home, he decided to find out how rare they actually are. He went online, and looked it up. It turns out they're actually pretty common, and only seem rare. The boy was crushed.
While on his way to work, Jamil noticed a police car slowing traffic. As he proceeded ahead he saw an officer holding a kitten. Jamil jumped out of his car and approached the officer. The officer told him that the kitten was afraid to cross the road. Jamil turned his car around and went home with a new kitten.
Tom had a crush on his friend. He decided to let her know. She was flattered by it. Unfortunately she just liked Tom as a friend. Tom was crushed.
I worked for the MBTA in Boston in 1987. I used to park my car in a company lot and bike to headquarters. One day my bike carrier was stolen. The transit police thought it was employee theft. I never recovered the carrier.
Yolanda loved watching reality television programs. She hoped to one day star in a reality show of her own. She began acting petty and dramatic to emulate the stars. Yolanda's friends spent less time with her. Yolanda came no closer to her dream, and regretted the phase.
Aunt Selma was always fair. She gave presents to her nieces and nephews that cost the same. If there was a difference in price, she'd give the extra money. The kids found it funny. But they grew to understand what fairness meant.
My friend asked me for help when he was writing his book. I was supposed to act out a character he wrote then ad lib. I really got into character and he was really impressed with me. I went on for a long time and made the story my own. My friend loved it and wanted to know the end.
I came to class late since there was traffic on the ride there. The teacher told me to stand in the corner of the class. She dismissed me and dropped my final grade by 10%. My parents tried to negotiate with her in a conference. However, she strongly expressed her desire to keep her decision.
Sue bought a new bottle of pink nail polish. As she was painting her nails, her cat ran through. The cat knocked over the bottle and polish went everywhere. Sue tried to clean it up. However, she could not get the spot clean.
Sam loved his wife. They had been together for years. Sam's wife got cancer. There was no way to cure it. Sam suffered for years with her.
Ted is walking home from work. He slips on a banana. He falls and breaks his arm. Help is sent to Ted. He gets his broken arm taken care of at the hospital.
Janet was trying to watch a movie. The scenes kept skipping and freezing. She took the disk out of the player. Janet noticed it was severely scratched. She had to choose something else to watch instead.
Loyd was out on a hike. He decided to check out new desert areas. Before he knew it he was lost. Eventually he was able to find his way back after hours. Loyd was lucky but learned a valuable lesson.
The other day I was vacuuming. My carpet never looked any cleaner, though. I kept going over and over again. Yet nothing happened. Eventually I realized I needed a new vacuum.
Kelly was a skateboarder on her first visit to California. Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing. Kelly was afraid, but she agreed to give it a shot. To her shock, she found she could stabs and ride with ease. Kelly could surf the waves as well as she could skate the sidewalks!
Jesse was excited because she was going on a date with a handsome man. The man had approached her at work and asked her out. Jesse didn't know he was a serial killer because he was handsome. After dinner, the man drove her home. Jesse really wasn't his type.
Alex and his mother went to Target. They were looking for a Spiderman bowl to replace a broken one. There were no bowls on the shelf where they found the first one. Alex asked an employee if they had anymore. Sadly they had stopped carrying the bowls.
I've been begging my parents for a car since I was 12. I wanted a Mercedes Benz, or a Range Rover, or even a Honda Civic. When I turned 16, my mother said she had a surprise for me. She drove me to the mechanic and showed me my new car. It was a 1980 beat up truck, and it was a dream come true.
Bob was sitting on the porch swing. The swing was very old. Bob had plans to fix it soon. Suddenly, the chain snapped and dropped bob to the floor. Luckily, ob's hard head broke his fall.
I heated up a slice of pizza for dinner. After I sat down, I received a phone call. When I came back there was a bite out of my slice of pizza. I looked around the room and didn't see anyone there. A moment later my nephew said boo from behind a door.
Nina was planning a pool party. Everyone arrived on the day of the party. It began to rain. All her friends ran into the house. They spent the afternoon playing party games because of the rain.
It had a been a winter with little snow. Sam was sad that there was barely any snow to play in. So he prayed for snow. His prayers were answered. Sam was sad because he had to shovel all the snow.
Martin was talking to a woman on the plane. She said she was from Alaska. Martin said he would love to go someday. She invited him to her cabin in Fairbanks. Martin thought the woman suddenly became very creepy.
Today a cute guy came up to me and asked for my number. I was excited to have the attention, so I wrote it down. As he watched me, he said it doesn't have to be a real number. Heartbroken, I gave him my real number anyway. He never called.
Mike wanted to climb Mount Everest. He began training for months to prepare. He felt like he could conquer the world. When he finally got to Everest he was unable to get halfway up. Mike was discouraged and simply went back home.
Erica went on a bike ride. She saw several berry bushes on her ride. She decided to stop and pick the berries from one on her way back. Erica took the berries home and canned a bunch of jam. She gave the jam to all of her neighbors.
Bill was a very wealthy man. He wanted to buy a new yacht, and wanted some of his money. His bank though couldn't afford it. The bank gave him a credit line instead. Bill now is paying it off, and the bank wasn't broken.
Henry went to the hospital today. The front desk worker registered him. He stayed as an inpatient receiving chemotherapy. However, he drove to his cousin's house at night. She was surprised to see him and gave him a hug.
Tom was in a fight with his girlfriend. She brought up a lot of things from the past. It really hurt Tom's feelings. His girlfriend said she was glad and then dumped him. She then told him she had been cheating on him.
The boat was traveling for a long time. It was out at sea on a mission. The mission was to pick up trash. It found a giant piece of styrofoam. The boat picked it up and helped keep the ocean clean.
Jane was having pain in her mouth. She went to the dentist to find out what was wrong. She had four cavities that needed to be fixed. Jane braced herself for the treatment. She was relieved it was over.
A man bought a used car. It seemed like a great purchase at the time. Within a week, though, things began to go wrong. When he went back to complain, the dealership was out of business. The man took the low road, and sold the car to a new victim.
I loved watching my 8th grader play on the basketball team. I thought she was really good and she enjoyed it. Then she had to try out for the team in 9th grade. She did not make the cut and never tried out again. I couldn't watch her play basketball for the rest of high school.
Larissa really wanted to take a turn on school lunch duty. It was the last week of the school year and she hadn't had a turn yet. That day, the teacher was drawing names. Larissa wasn't expecting to have her name drawn. Luckily, it was and she got to take her turn.
John exercised in his home. He noticed his home smelled bad. John wanted to impress his future guests. John read online that citrus was the best scent for rooms. John purchased citrus spray to hide the bad smells.
Last years record was a whopping twenty five pies eaten. The four contestants this year geared up at the start of the contest. A few minutes after the start, one contestant was leading the pack. The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies. He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year.
Ted had finally paid off his truck. The title arrived in the mail. He was so excited! He had never owned a car outright. He wanted to frame the title and hang it on the wall.
Tim wanted to buy a new tie for an event. He decided to go to the store the day before the event. When Time went to the store, he found out it was closed. Tim could not buy a tie for the event. He became the laughing stock of the event due to his lack of tie.
On Friday our landline phone died. We thought it was the phone and replaced the batteries. The phone was still dead. We called our service provider. They said the cable was down and it would take days to repair.
The little boy needed a new jacket. His mom took him to the store to buy one. The little boy found a bright blue jacket that fit perfectly. His mom bought him the jacket. Now the little boy is wearing his new blue jacket.
David loved to be in nature. He was stuck at his office job 5 days a week. David decided he needed to get outdoors. He decided to take a little weekend fishing trip. David ended up having the best time fishing.
As we entered the safari, we were nervous. We had buckets filled with feed to give to them. We rolled down our windows quickly. We were nervous, ready to roll them back up. The emus and ostriches pecked hard at the feed.
When I was little, we lived on a street with a lot of other kids. One of my closest friends was a little boy. One year, he had a dinosaur themed party to which I wasn't invited. I asked him why I couldn't come, since I liked dinosaurs too. He told me I wasn't invited because I was a girl.
Abby went to a diner for lunch. She was having a salad. Abby wanted thousand island dressing. The diner was out of thousand island. Abby ate her salad without dressing.
Amy was partners in class with her crush Ray. As the teacher gave instructions Amy and Ray talked to each other. Amy knew the assignment was due in a week. But she hadn't hear much else. After class she borrowed notes from another student.
Johnson felt he was growing apart from his girlfriend for months. He knew he had to be alone. Finally the day came and Johnson broke up with his girlfriend. Johnson moved into a small apartment of his own. Even though he was lonely, he was glad was no longer with her.
The man wrote a poem. He recited it in class. The class hated it. The man said a famous person wrote it. The class did not believe him.
Greg rode his bike down a curvy road. He felt the tires shake in the frame. On a tight turn the front wheels came loose. Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike. He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad.
Lucy was tired of the way her house looked. She didn't have much money so she had to find a creative solution. Her decision was new colorful paint as the best option. She painted one wall in every room a new color. Now Lucy loves her house again and feels she accomplished something.
May really wanted to go to the concert that was playing next week. She tried to buy tickets online, but they were sold out. She looked on auction sites, but they were too expensive. Finally, she put an ad in her local newspaper. A kind reader wrote back to offer her two free tickets to the concert!
Kevin had been having trouble with his water heater. One night, he went to take a shower. He couldn't get any hot water out of the tank. Kevin knew the heater was finally broken. He went buy a new water heater the next day.
Jennifer wanted a trampoline in her backyard. Her mother thought this was a bad idea. Jennifer's father bought her the trampoline. Jennifer broke her wrist while jumping on the trampoline. Her mother sold the trampoline.
Sandy dislikes going to the dentist. Sandy hates the noises that the various machines make. Recently, Sandy had to go to the dentist for a cleaning. The dentist realized Sandy's anxiety and offered her sedation. Sandy thanked her dentist profusely for understanding her anxiety.
Conner turned on his kitchen light and it wouldn't light up. He took it down to inspect it. The light had a broken wire. He went to Lowes and bought a new light fixture. He installed his new light and it works perfectly.
One day, a telemarketer called the Davis family. The marketer asked about their political affiliations. The father told the man on the phone that they were Democrats. The man on the phone laughed. The father got mad and hung up.
The man was walking to work. He had to cross the bridge over the river. The river was very flooded and there was water on the bridge. He carefully hurried across it. He hoped the river would be down by the time he got off work!
Juan was waiting in line to meet his favorite artist. When he came in front of her, she immediately smiled. She took his photo and wrote her signature on it. They also took a picture together. Juan came home happy.
The baby wakes up so happy in the morning. His mommy picks him up and she is smiling. As she passes Daddy on the way to the kitchen, he is smiling. Mommy puts the baby in the highchair at the table with the other kids. Baby smiles at the kids, they smile at him too, great morning.
The most expensive store in town has a great sale on salad dressing. So Tim stocks up on his favorite salad dressing. When Tim tries the salad dressing it tastes funny. He realizes that the dressing is about to expire. Tim vows to never shop there again.
Sarah felt she was too old to love boy bands. She didn't tell any of her friends how how much she loved them. She assumed her friends would just laugh at her. One day on her friends wall she saw a picture of her favorite band. They both admitted how much they loved it and finally were themselves.
The football team was excited. This was their first game playing on the new turf. They huddled together and got excited. They stepped onto the new surface and felt proud. They had a great new stadium!
Meg picked her mother up from the train station. Together, they drove for two and a half hours to a rural outpost. Once there, they met with a family who was having trouble with a pest. The two women set up their gear to capture the unwanted animal. The women safely imprisoned the alligator and transported it away.
It was very hot outside. So we wanted to go where it was cool. We walked into the building. But then we walked out. The building was far too cold.
Scout was a small puppy who wasn't good at walks. She liked to sniff at things she shouldn't. One day, she sniffed too closely to a bee! The bee stung her nose, which swelled right up. After that, Scout was a much more careful sniffer.
Terry watched the weather report anxiously. The reporter was saying the hurricane would make landfall tonight. A gust of wind suddenly blew a tall pine tree into the power lines. Sparks flashed and a loud noise boomed as the lights went out. Later, Terry sat comfortably on his couch as he read by candlelight.
Craig always had anger issues. One day he snapped over a minor thing. He wound up scaring his family. They asked him to seek psychological help. Craig agreed and was diagnosed with mental problems.
Kenny took his new kite out to the front yard. The wind was really blowing. He let out about ten feet of string. He threw the kite up over his head. It jerked away from him and flew off.
A boy went on a walk with his dog. A car ran off the road onto the sidewalk. The dog jumped in front of the car and was hit. The dog was injured and taken to the vet. The dog survived, and went on many more walks with the boy.
One winter day the forecasters predicted several inches of snow. The school district decided to cancel school to keep everyone safe. Most kids were excited to have a day off. Since it wasn't very cold out, parents let their kids play outside. Many neighborhoods were full of snowmen and snowball fights.
Kate owned a local bakery. Someone left a bad review on her facebook page. Kate freaked out and attacked the person. The freakout went viral. Kate's business was unable to survive the public backlash.
Cindy's friend was often very mean to her. One day, her friend said something horrible. They yelled at each other. Cindy stormed out. She decided they were no longer friends.
I was having so much fun with my new iPhone. A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand. I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground. I was devastated because the phone was expensive. Thankfully I found a place to fix it.
I used to be a very skinney high school kid. After i graduated I got into bodybuilding as a hobby. I have packed on twenty pounds of muscle. I have also cut my body fat to below ten percent. I am much happier with my body now.
John carried a bag of birdseed to the backyard. He took the bird feeder off of its stand. He filled the bird feeder with birdseed. He placed the bird feeder back on its stand. John sat quietly to see if the birds would come to eat the seed.
Emily and her classmate Aaron went walking through the park. They were having a nice stroll when suddenly it started raining. Aaron and Emily looked for cover but did not find any. Aaron put his coat around Emily. They were soaking wet by the time they got home.
My cat usually sleeps on my pillow by my head. When I awoke this morning, she wasn't there. I looked for her everywhere in the house. I even went outside to see if she'd gotten out again. When I came back in, she was dozing on my pillow.
Anna's little brother needed help with his math homework. But Anna's mom worked a lot and had little time to help him. So Anna took it on herself. Every day she tutored him. Soon he had really improved in math!
One day Ben was in the kitchen cooking Pasta. He was all ready to enjoy his yummy food. He began to fill his plate to the top. Ben carried his plate into the living room. The plate almost fell out of Ben's hands but he grabbed it.
The new fall line was gorgeous! The fashion designer had been hard at work in the studio for months. The new line had a of of earth tones and leather. It was immediately popular with customers. Soon, everyone was wearing the new line.
Humpback whales are huge! My friend has a recording of the sound they make under the water. One day we were messing around and accidentally played the sound fast. It sounded exactly like a whole bunch of birds chirping and singing. I wonder if the birds would sound like whales if you slowed them down.
Jake was sledding in his backyard. He accidentally hit a rock with his sled. He flew up 10 ft in the air. He landed safely back on the snow. Jake was happy he didn't get hurt from the rock.
Dan decided to dress as the Easter Bunny for his kids. He picked up the costume his wife ordered online. When he put the costume on it was too big. He went to the yard to see the kids wearing the hideously large suit. The children began screaming when they saw the monster bunny.
Sara worked very hard as a restaurant manager. She desperately wanted to start her own business. She started to work part time on her business. Her new business became quite lucrative. She was able to quit her management job.
Lucinda didn't like the sun. She wore black sunglasses everywhere she went. Her new boyfriend who liked her eyes asked her to remove her glasses. When she did, the sun suddenly bathed her face with warmth. She was so surprised to like it, she threw her sunglasses away.
Cole went to the store with five dollars to spend. He bought some jerky and a soda. His little brother spilled his soda and the dog ate his jerky. Cole's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars. Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda.
Sean practiced driving every day. He studied hard for the written part of the driving test. Sean felt ready to take his driving test after a couple months. Sean was confident that he would pass his driving test. Sean passed his driving test on the first attempt.
A man was smoking a cigar on the beach. The stranger came up to the man and asked to borrow a lighter. The man dug through his pockets and couldn't find it. The stranger sighed and walked away. The man smiled and brandished his lighter when the other man left.
The sink had a slow drip. Water fell into the sink that was already backed up. After days of neglect the sink overflowed with water. The water soaked the floor and ruined the wood. The owner had to replace everything when he noticed.
Tom and Sheryl have been together for two years. One day, they went to a carnival together. He won her several stuffed bears, and bought her funnel cakes. When they reached the Ferris wheel, he got down one knee. He proposed marriage and she said yes!
Dan thought he had a great business idea. He wanted to sell mustache combs at a kiosk at the mall. Dan's friends told him this was a terrible idea. After two weeks, And had only sold three mustache combs. Dan decided to listen to his friends in the future.
Brandy loved cupcakes. Her friends decided to throw her a cupcake party. They baked dozens of cupcakes for the party. When Brandy arrived, she was so happy. She knew her friends cared about her because they worked so hard.
Dee's computer mouse was malfunctioning. She borrowed the mouse from her daughter's computer. Dee's husband told her that she should just buy one. She didn't want to spend the money at that time though. Dee decided to wait until the next month to buy a new mouse.
Larry was an artist. He loved to paint trees. One day he saw a beautiful oak tree on the side of the road. He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies. He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree.
Julia was excited to get a puppy. Her puppy, however, ended up being a little terror. She scratched up and bit every surface she could get at. Julia was at a loss on what to do. She decided to take her puppy to obedience training.
When our kids were little they played in the park. One day my daughter bit her tongue. It was bleeding a lot. We took her to the emergency room. The doctor said it was ok, and she quickly healed.
Lisa had a lot of errands to run. Her first stop was the bank. She needed to deposit a check. She waited in line for five minutes. She finally deposited the check, then moved on to the next errand.
It was Carl's first day of middle school. And after every class, he got more and more books to carry. He put some in his backpack. But when he stood up, he fell backwards. Carl hated middle school.
Tom was skiing for the first time. He was going very well staying up on his skis. So he was allowed to take the T-bar up to one of the small hills. He was afraid he wouldn't be able to get off when it reached the top. He was a little shaky, but he got off the t-bar without falling.
Vince had designed a new workout plan. He decided to host a class for it. He had a lot of students. They all learned the routine. Each student lost a lot of weight doing his plan.
The boy was getting a new dog. It was a huge German Shepherd. He knew lots of tricks and commands. The boy had so much fun playing with him! He knew the dog would be his best friend.
One of Glenn's chickens was missing. Glenn counted all of the chickens twice but was still short one. He asked his neighbors if they had seen a stray chicken. He posted a sign that said: MISSING CHICKEN. Glenn never found out where the missing chicken had gone.
Jacelyn was very excited for her first day of school. She spent a lot of time picking the perfect outfit. She made many new friends on the school bus ride. The teacher was very nice and Jacelyn learned a lot. Jacelyn came home tired but excited for the next school day.
Tanya walked to the garbage can to throw away her food. Tom approached her. He said that she looked like the trash can. She got very tense and kicked him in the stomach. Tanya and Tom received detention.
The cows wore bells that tinkled as they moved. Joe was not used to this as he came from the city. One day he decided to throw all the bells out. Twenty minutes after he did this the farmer ran out screaming. Joe was told to leave and never return.
The Browns live in Phoenix and keep their shutters closed. If they were open, the air conditioning bill would be too high. The man noticed a bedroom shutter open and closed it. The woman had the same experience and wondered about her husband. Then they both saw their cat opening the shutter to look out.
Joan decided that she needed to increase her exercise routine. She bought a new pair of tennis shoes so her feet would be supported. She then found her fitbit and charged it. When she got home from work she was tired and didn't want to go out. She changed her mind and put her shoes on and headed out to walk.
I was at the post office and met two tourists from Germany. They asked me where the nearest restroom was. I gave them directions to the nearest store three miles away. They thanked me and headed out the door. As they were leaving, I bid them farewell in German, and they smiled.
Sam was going to ride a bike for the first time. He was a bit afraid. When he first tried he fell over. He hurt his knee pretty badly. It made him give up trying.
Bill used some buckets when he was doing yard work. He left the buckets outside when he was finished. That night there was a big rain storm. The following morning the buckets were filled with some water. Bill saved the water to water his garden later on.
Maya was having her school picture day. She wanted to emulate some of the braids she had seen online. She sat in front of the mirror for two hours trying it out. Braid after braid, she had some sort of issue making it wrong. She struggled for a long time before finally deciding to give up.
The store started a pharmacy online. They had trouble with one local permit. They asked the City for a reprieve. The City refused the reprieve. The company moved to another city.
I had to go see a doctor. I was in a lot of pain. I made an appointment for the same day. I waited for a long time while they ran tests. The results indicated I had an infection.
Allie was allergic to bees. All the sudden one day she got stung. Allie was scared. She had to go to the hospital. Her whole body was swollen.
Norman believed a lot in charity. He liked to go from door to door and ask for money. Until one day a man shoved him on the doormat and scared him. Norman since then doesn't go from door to door. He calls people on the phone instead.
When Gina got to class her friends were huddled together. She wondered what they were looking at. There she saw May had brought friendship bracelets for them. Gina wanted one as well. But there weren't enough to go around.
Ed went to the store to buy his favorite cookies. He saw that there was another brand of cookies on sale. Ed picked up the other box and put it in his basket. He bought the cookies and took them home. Ed determined that he liked the new brand better.
Jane loves shoes. She can't stop buying them She has a pair of high heels in almost every style. She also has plenty of boots. She still wants to buy more sandals.
I had been alone in South Africa for a while and was lonely. I was excited to learn that some friends were having a celebration. It was for New Year's and the party was full of young people. That night I met some friends that I really liked. I was happy not to be lonely anymore.
Anna had lost her favorite bracelet. Sadly she searched for it. Finally she found it under her bed. Lifting it to her face, she examined it. She saw that the clasp had broken.
Daniel was always a good speller. He decided to enter his high-school's spelling bee. He made it all the way to the finals. He got third place. It was much better than anybody expected.
Tonight he was going to win the street race. He winked at the girl and told her to wait for him at the finish line. He told the other driver to get ready for a surprise. He engaged his newly installed nitro. The nitro exploded and flipped his car.
Nancy was bored of her long hair. She wanted a new hairstyle. Since she was broke, she cut her hair herself. She stood in front of the mirror and cut until she was satisfied. Nancy had a layered cut that was much more flattering.
Charlie got a bag of candy from his mom. He went to his friend's house to play with the dog. He brought his bag of candy with him. Charlie and his friend went inside after playing with the dog. Charlie forgot his bag outside and the dog ate all of his candy!
Fred wanted to take his girlfriend to the park. So they went to the local one around the corner. But all of the sudden it started to rain. Their picnic was ruined. Fred was crushed.
Stacy was traveling to the Olympics in Rio. Stacy is a gold medalist swimmer. When stacy arrived in Rio, there was a rat in her hotel room. She called her coach. Stacy's coach moved her to a new hotel room.
Janet did not want to do homework. She decided to clean up instead. Then she played video games. She went to sleep that night worried. The next day she failed because she neglected her homework!
James was playing videos games after work. He lost track of the time while playing video games. He went to sleep at 4 AM. He slept through his alarm to go to work in the morning. His manager fired him due to his irresponsibility.
Larry is an avid swimmer. He practices for hours everyday to get ready for his big meet. Larry wants to beat his long-time rival Steve. At the meet, they race right along next to each other. Larry pulls ahead at the end of the race and wins!
My college roommate had a police scanner in our dorm room. He used it to play pranks on the campus security cops. One night he called security, reporting a wild bear outside our dorm. We listened in as the cops asked each other how a bear could be there. My roommate called security back, telling them the bear had run off.
Amanda had a test coming up that she had to study for. However, there was a big concert the night before. She really wanted to go, but knew it was best not to. All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time. The next day, Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test.
Tom hated the taste of liver. His mother said he had to eat it. This made Tom hate dinner. His mother covered the liver in ketchup. After that Tom loved eating liver.
Several students were complaining about their results on the exam. One person said that their teacher should be fired. The teacher dismissed the class and the students left. When no person was around, she slammed her hand on the desk. Her hand needed several stitches after she slammed it.
Leonard decided to try self-publishing his novel. He put it in a large online marketplace. They said they would only take one percent of his sales. He figured this would make for huge profits. He only sold three copies and made less than fifteen dollars in total.
Anna had not been raised with any particular religion. When she had her own kids, she decided to raise them in church. She had them baptized and took them every Sunday to confession. She felt that religion was a great structure for them. As they grew older, Anna saw the church's positive influence on them.
Harry usually ate two meals per day. One day Harry got up early and decided to eat breakfast. Harry was full enough to skip lunch and stick to his 2-meal routine. By dinner time, Harry was positively starving. Harry considered the breakfast experiment a failure.
Last Halloween my friends and I decided to throw a party. We invited everyone we knew and dressed up. I dressed up as Michael Jackson. We had a great time. I can't wait to have another one.
Sandy was cooking steak for dinner. The steak was marinated in spices! Sandy pan fried the steak. She then flipped the steak over. The steak was perfect to eat!
Tina needed custom shoes for an event she was attending. She went to the louboutin store to get fitted. She wanted custom black shoes. When they were done she tried them on. They fit perfectly.
David invited his friends over during their first day of summer break. The kids excitedly changed into swimsuits. David and his mom filled lots of balloons with water. The kids laughed as they brought out a giant bucket of balloons. At once, they began grabbing for balloons and throwing them!
Kim had a long day at work. She needed to relax. She decided to make a bubble bath. She put skin moisturizers and watched tv while eating pizza in the tub. It put her in a much better mood.
Saul needed a new barn. He bought all the materials. Then he called his friends over. They all pitched in to help. Together they built the barn in just one afternoon!
Joseph did not have any shoes that fit him. He needed to buy a new pair. He tried to find some he liked. Everything he wanted was too expensive. He finally found the perfect pair and bought them.
Mike and Jay went camping for the first time in their parent's yard. They put the tent up and even had a small fire. After they were asleep, their dad came out and scared them. They were very angry after they found out it was their dad. They ended up sleeping in their beds that night.
Betsy had a new bike. She loved riding this new bike. One day someone stole her bike. Betsy cried everyday. Until one day someone return her bike and she was happy again!
Sarah had a big secret that she had been hiding for a while. Sarah was afraid to tell her family she was gay. Sarah had a girlfriend. She brought her girlfriend to a family dinner. At the dinner, Sarah announced to her family she was gay.
My son went on a long bike ride today. He went from Cambridge to Boston and back. He usually does not wear a helmet. Today he wore a helmet for the long ride. His sister was very pleased.
All of the male members of the Jameson family were in the Navy. The youngest male, Steve, decided to join the military as well. Steve wanted to go into the Air Force. Steve's family was disappointed in his decision. Steve is now a Captain in the Air Force.
Ken had been putting in long hours at work. His boss had asked him to work on a special project. Ken was honored to work on the project. It was completed on time. Ken was praised for his hard work and dedication.
Every year Jim ran in his town's 5K race. This year he wanted to beat his personal best by 1 minute. Five weeks before the race he trained every day. On the day of the race he felt great and achieved his goal. After the race he felt so tired that he went home to nap.
George loved to go on hikes in the morning. He went to a new area and decided to explore it alone. He was enjoying the sights when he suddenly saw a family of deer. George stopped moving and reached for his cellphone. He began to take pictures so he could share it with family.
Lucy was watching TV with her grandpa and was bored. She wanted to do something else but he wouldn't let her. Lucy looked at grandpa and saw he was asleep. Lucy stood quietly and slipped out. She was free of Grandpa's boring show, but still had nothing to do.
Gina was doing an assignment about dolphins for school. She was pleased to find a book at her local library she could use. Her friend Mary was also doing a book on dolphins. Gina put the book on her desk so Mary could see it. Gina could tell Mary was jealous.
Ferny always wanted to travel to an isolated island somewhere. He had planned an extensive trip for him and his wife. They rented a boat and sailed off in the sunset hoping for adventure. They got much more when they got caught in a storm and had to abort. They swam and made it to an isolated island with no one around.
My family got together inside my cousin's house. Everyone carried a dish with them. The dishes were placed on the table. From chicken to potatoes, a lot of food was available. We all went to the table and started eating.
Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive. The girls wanted to see the town. They were having a lot of fun, however something happened. They got a flat tire. Thankfully though, someone came to help.
Jack was nervous about baseball tryouts. He had been on the team before but wanted to be pitcher. He practiced every day and worked out with his coach. On the day of tryouts, Jack did his best. When positions were announced, Jack was pitcher.
Jesus is trying to figure out what to major in. He finds himself not knowing whether to pick marketing or sociology. Who knew picking out a major would so difficult. However he began writing a list of pros and cons for each one. "I finally picked" he shouted, "Marketing will be great."
One day Donald bit into a pretzel, and hurt his tooth He noticed his tooth had become loose Over the next few days it had started to hurt more, and was infected He made a call to the dentist for an appointment He went to the dentist and several teeth removed
I wanted to do something meaningful about an overflowing city dump. The random trash tossed together inspired me to create salvage art. I made sculptures from car parts, machinery, and hardware. I began selling them and teaching art classes to raise awareness. Eventually, I helped turn trash into a creative reuse trend.
A boy was walking through the woods. He looked around the corner of a tree. He found a deadly snake! He threw a rock at it. The snake bit the boy and he collapsed.
Zeke wanted to become a pilot. After high school he enrolled in a commercial pilot school. He graduated with his pilot's license a few years later. Zeke looked for a job for months but nothing came up. Eventually, he was hired and was finally a pilot!
Our niece got her first car last month. Her father recommended a standard to save money. He is a frugal Yankee. She has trouble driving the car, not having much instruction. I think the father was being unrealistic.
Will was moved up a grade because he was so smart. The teachers warned his dad that he wouldn't grow emotionally. His dad insisted on moving him up a grade. Will was hated throughout school. He is now a very confused and disliked adult.
Lindsay was running for an office in her school's student council. She prepared a speech to give on election day. Lindsay did well delivering her speech. Her opponent still won. Lindsay decided to try to run again next year.
My friends and I went out for New Year's Eve. We went to a crowded bar and danced for hours. We also drank a lot. One friend bought rounds but realized he didn't have any money. I had to cover the entire tab which was 500 dollars.
John was getting ready to go out. He was ready but could not find his sunglasses. So he searched all over his house for his glasses. Finally he found them. He put them on and got ready to head out.
The teacher was teaching the lesson. All the students were listening. Tom was thinking of a question to ask. He raised his hand. The teacher called on him.
Late one night, Bob thought he saw a ghost in his room. Trembling, he got up to check. He crept over to the ghost. Then he reached his hand out to touch it. He was relieved to see it was just his jacket, hanging up!
Penny's baby would not go to sleep. The baby was crying and rubbing her ears. Penny took the baby to the doctor. The baby had an ear infection. The medicine the doctor gave the baby made her feel better.
Franklin was eating dinner. He was pushing his peas around his plate. His mother told him not to play with his food. Franklin piled some peas onto his spoon. He then flicked it at his sister.
I decided to try to become a stand up comedian. I imagined myself being rich and famous with a tv show. I got my first try at a comedy show. The audience booed me off stage. I then decided that I'd stick to my day job.
Sarah went to the graveyard one evening. She sat at her husband's grave. As the sun went down, she saw the branches moving in the trees. She became frightened. Sarah walked back to her car.
It was just my mom and I at the time. My dad wasn't able to help me drive because he had to work a lot. My mom was a nervous wreck because there was no one to help her. We took things slowly, but my mom made me nervous driving. She was panicking all the time and screaming.
Sam was happy to finally have his driving permit. His mom and dad spent hours helping him learn to drive. Finally his 16th birthday came and he went to take his driving test. He was very nervous but was happy when he passed. He was happy to finally be a new driver.
Jim has a big test. He got too stressed, he pulled an all-nighter. He went into class the next day very stressed out. His teacher decided to change the test date. Jim was so relieved.
Ali's sister Amy was going to her friend May's house. Ali's mom made her go with Amy. Amy told Ali her friend Mary had a sister the same age as Ali. Amy couldn't remember the name of the little sister. Upon arrival Ali was horrified to see the sister was the bully Val.
Amy decided to ask Jake to the Sadie Hawkins dance. She worked up her courage and approached him. As she walked up to him his friends all stared. She asked and he said yes. She walked away proud of herself for not chickening out.
Ben loved to play the drums in middle school in seventh grade. In high school, eighth graders could not play in the band. Ben no longer had anyone to play the drums with. The school said that the next year Ben could again be a band member. It was too late, Ben lost interest in playing the drums.
The magician and his assistant took to the stage. He performed trick after trick in rapid succession. As a finale, he was going to make his assistant disappear. He tossed a sparkling sheet over her, then just as quickly removed it. Amazingly she had vanished, just like that.
I went to a baseball game. There was a loud fan in front of me. He yelled at every pitch for three innings. The crowd then yelled at him. He was very quiet for the rest of the game.
I was looking through the house for my homework. My mom told me that she accidentally threw it away. I checked the garbage can however, the last set was gone. I immediately started to get mad. The couch broke after I punched it.
Charles has a full time job. His wife stays at home. One day, Charles worked an over-time shift. He decided to spend all the extra money on himself. This made his wife sad.
Zoey was going on a date. The boy picked her up on time and took her to dinner. The date was going okay but it was kind of awkward. The real trouble came when he sneezed all over her food. She decided not to go out with him again.
I decided to go play pool with friends. We were having fun. We were approached by some competitors. We played against them and lost. We decided to just go to the movies from then on.
A man was a secret detective. He didn't tell his wife. During his work, the detective investigated his wife's brother. So he had no choice to tell her. As a result, the wife helped to apprehend the brother.
Anthony's birthday was in a week and he had not planned his party. He got to preparing for his party immediately so he would be ready. He made invitations and sent them all out the same day. He went to the store and purchased supplies for his party. A week later, Anthony and his friends celebrated his 97th birthday.
It was the day of the written driver's license test. Kay was ready to start driving and felt prepared for the test. She answered the questions she remembered and guessed the rest. The wait to find out the result of the test was excruciating. Kay was overjoyed to find out she passed with a 90%.
Tom had a crafty grandmother. For his birthday she made him a quilt. It took her a while and it was really good quality. Tom loved the gift. He still sleeps with it to this day.
My back had been hurting for over a month. I went to the doctor and he examined me. I told him about how I had lifted a heavy box 2 months ago. He said that's probably why my back hurts now. I'm not going to lift any more heavy boxes.
I had a big performance today. My school would be putting on a play. As I peaked into the audience I spotted my mom and dad. I waved and they waved back. I knew everything would be just fine.
Randy hopped out of the moving truck. He helped his family unload the boxes into their new home. The rest of the day was spent unpacking and moving furniture. By night, Randy was exhausted. He couldn't wait to meet new friends tomorrow.
Amy was attempting to copy a recipe from a book. She had gotten the book from her local library. She sat the book on the counter and began to cook. Not paying attention she spilled her sauce on the book. Amy was upset since she would have to pay for the ruined book.
It was a slow day at the library. A librarian tried to pass the time by reading. She started to read a page when she heard a noise. It was a person banging on the front door. The person shouted that the door was locked and he wanted to come in.
Tim was eating hard candy. His mother told him not to eat too much. Tim did not listen. After an hour, his teeth hurt really bad. Tim never ate hard candy again.
Tom was an animal lover. He was also a lover of fashion. He wanted to get a big fur coat. He found a similar fake material. Tom was able to get something close enough.
Bob and Kiva bought tickets for Ballet on Ice. They were excited and got dressed to the nines. They went to the arena, and sat down in their seats. They soon noticed Sesame Street characters on ice! They realized they were at the wrong show altogether.
Today Eddy plans on buying a car. He has been looking online for weeks. He finally found the car he wants. He goes down to the car lot, and negotiates the price. After the negotiations, Eddy drives off with his new car.
Barry didn't feel well. He told his wife his chest hurt. His wife rushed him to the hospital. At the hospital, Barry found out he had a heart attack. Because he got there in time, Barry was able to make a full recovery.
Amy loved to look at the stars at night. She asked her mother for a telescope. He mother told her she couldn't afford a nice one. Her mother instead took her to the Observatory. Amy was sad to leave, but loved her trip to the observatory.
Daddy brought home a tree house today. We are going to build it together. He teaches me how to use the tools. We put the tree house up in a big tree in our backyard. I played in my tree house all afternoon.
Andy did not like his stepfather. One day, his mom was gone and he was only there with his stepfather. He needed help with his homework, because it was so hard. Reluctantly, he asked his step father for help and he helped him. He realized that his stepfather wasn't so bad after all.
Irene started to feel nauseous at work. She tried to power through it. Her boss noticed her having a hard time. He told her to go home. She felt better after a lot of rest.
I got in an accident a couple of months ago. I was turning right on a street downtown. A semi decided to try to turn from the other lane. He sideswiped my car pretty badly. Luckily, his insurance covered all of my costs.
Jessie had just arrived at school. She saw that not a lot of people were there. She realized that today there was no school due to testing. She was supposed to call her dad to pick her up. Instead, she decided to go out and hang out with friends.
Juanita had always wanted to learn how to play the flute. She decided to start taking lessons. At first the flute lessons were very difficult. Eventually Juanita improved at playing the flute. She was happy that she had finally learned to play the flute.
Blake was hanging out with some friends. They were bored and needed something to do. Blake decides to sneak into a movie. Blake is careful not to get caught. Blake and his buddies take in a few movies for free.
Alice loved to hike through the mountains. One day, she found a glad she had never visited before. She heard crying from behind one of the large trees. There was a little girl who had become lost from her family. Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful.
Etta had always wanted to be a singer. One summer she decided to enter the county fair's singing contest. She stood on stage and sang the National Anthem for the whole crowd. Etta was petrified, but it turned out to be worth it. The crowd loved her voice so much, they gave her a standing ovation!
Ben is a big fan of Criminal Minds. Ben always tunes in to Criminal Minds when he gets home. Ben gets his food and drinks ready. Ben sits down and watches the show with his girlfriend. Ben watches the show until it ends and then goes to bed.
Samantha is tired of the boring white color her room is painted. She decides she wants to choose a new color. The employee at the paint store recommends a calming light blue. Samantha paints her room the light blue color. She loves the way her room looks now.
When i was in high school everyone had an Afro except John. He tried some of everything on his hair to make it grow faster. John comment on our Afros everyday. His hair was getting shorter instead longer. The last day of school, everyone laugh when John wore an Afro wig.
When he was a boy, William loved to watch planes. Every summer, is father took him to see plane shows. Upon graduating from school, he decided to learn how to fly. William loved every minute of his flight school. After graduation,  William became a full time pilot.
While babysitting my cousins, I taught them how to brush their teeth. I noticed they weren't using that method tonight putting them to sleep. When I asked why, my youngest said her dad said not to. When I pressed further, she said he said they'd get my ugly teeth. Well, I know who I won't be babysitting for anymore.
Jack wanted new shoes. He did not have enough money. He decided to get a part time job. He saved all his money. He was finally able to buy the shoes he wanted.
Harold had eaten way too much Thanksgiving dinner! He was miserably full. He unbuttoned his pants but it wasn't enough! We went to his closet. He put on the biggest pair of sweatpants he could find.
Joe and his team were playing the championship soccer game. Joe passed the ball to his teammate. His teammate kicked the ball back to Joe. Joe kicked the ball as hard as he could toward the goal. Joe scored the winning goal for his team.
Elle strolled through the cycle shop, exasperated. She had no idea which bicycle to buy her husband for Christmas. She asked the store clerk which bicycle would be a good fit. The clerk recommended a silver bike with ten different speeds. Elle smiled as she told the clerk she would buy it.
Edward was an excellent football player at his university. Scouts from several NFL teams came to his games. One team offered him a very lucrative contract. It was a dream come true for Edward. All his hard work had paid off, and Edward accepted the contract.
Jim's son Joe is a great guitar player. Joe has been playing the guitar for Years. Joe has been asked to join a band. Jim goes to see his son play in the band. He is proud of how good his son is at playing guitar.
Alan was being interviewed. He was about to be added to the Hall of Fame. He told the reporters what the honor meant to him. His friends cheered and clapped as he accepted the award. Alan had always been their favorite basketball player.
Christmas morning dawned and the kids ran towards the tree. They were looking for all the presents that today was sure to bring. The parents gathered behind them waiting for their reaction. Before the kids got to the tree they screeched to a stop. A brand new go-cart was sitting under the tree!
Veronica was missing. She was last seen taking a walk in the park that evening. A search party went out to look for her. People hollered her name and waved flashlights around. She was eventually found stuck in a deep construction hole.
Missy was at a doctor's appointment. She noticed a drink table with free hot cocoa. She made herself a mug and then sat down. An employee informed her that the drinks were for staff members. She was mortified, but they didn't mind that much.
Gina and her family were at a gas station off the highway. She had Burger King for dinner. She also decided she should pick up a snack. In the gas station she looked of her favorite chips. To her horror the brand she loved wasn't sold in this state.
Tim decided to enter a piano contest. There was a lot of stiff competition. Tim played his little heart out. The judges finally announced the winners. Tim won and took home the first place trophy.
Daniel was attending a high school reunion. It wasn't long before Daniel saw his old high school bully, Todd. Daniel's heart sank as Todd walked towards him. Instead, Todd gave him a big smile and a firm handshake. Todd apologized for how he had acted in the past.
Jeb has been doing great work for his company. He gets a call from his boss. The boss wants to meet with him to talk. At the meeting Jeb is told he is getting a raise. Jeb walks out of the meeting with a huge smile and a big raise.
The Momoa family of 8 lived in a 6 bedroom home. Someone was always home during any given 24 hour period. They used a lot of energy every day and night. Their electric bill was high so they looked into getting solar panels. When they got their solar panels,their electric bill dropped $400!
Jerry was sad about his eyes. He wished he had blue eyes instead of brown. Blue was his favorite color. His friend Tim gave him a mirror to truly see. Jerry ended up happy that his eyes were beautiful up close.
Stella wanted to quit playing basketball. But her parents insisted they play a sport in high school. And she was good at basketball. She Fretted over it for a month. Finally she decided she would remain on the team.
My sister Belinda has a very curious toddler. Once on a visit, she inquired as to why her birthday was not everyday. After explaining the reasoning, the toddler was still curious. However, I told her that we would celebrate her birthday for pretend. Now every time I visit, I have a pretend birthday party with her.
Janet did not know how she would afford her expenses. She went over them repeatedly seeking an answer. Finally she tried removing a car purchase and auto insurance. Her budget finally balanced. She found that most things in the city were within walking distance.
Tom was reading a new book. He stood up too fast and dropped his glasses. While looking for them he heard a crunch. Tom accidentally stepped on them. They were shattered and he couldn't keep reading.
The man spun out his tires. One of the tires exploded. The man did not have a spare. He called his wife. He had to explain to his wife what he had done.
Rachel lived in a cold and drafty house. She dreamed of living in warm part of the country. She flew to Florida to check the real estate market. She was soaked by a hurricane while looking at houses. Now Rachel sits in her old house wearing a coat.
Pete loved racing and speeding in his fast car. Pete always came close to accidents, but never really got hurt. One day, Pete decided to speed at the highest rate he could take it. Pete's car soon lost control, and flipped over off the highway. Pete became paralyzed from the crash, and can no longer drive at all.
The girl was thirsty. She poured herself a glass of tea. It was cold and refreshing. She added a bunch of sugar and a lemon. Her thirst was quenched.
Jeff was reading comics at night. He was reading Batman, and thought he could be like him. Jeff decided to go in the city and see if there is any crimes. He saw a robbery, and jumped out of his car to stop it. The robber punched him in the face, Jeff will stick to reading comics.
Ronald had a very big elbow. He was always bumping into things. One day, he bruised his elbow. Then, Ronald had to rush to the hospital. The doctor told him that it was nothing serious.
Jules was used to being popular in middle school. She had just started high school. She knew no one and did not feel popular. She finally started making friends. Jules knew high school would be okay.
Sarah entered her apricot tart in the county fair baking contest. She took the tart to the judging tent with only five minutes left. The judges tasted all the desserts. They loved Sarah's apricot tart. Sarah's tart won first place in the baking contest.
Jim saved his money for a super car. And he was ecstatic when he finally bought one. He tried going as fast as he could on the freeway at night. But he didn't realize how hard it would be to control. He ended up losing control and doing serious damage to his car.
Jackie believed she was the best at yodeling. She challenged her father to a yodeling contest. Her father agreed to the challenge. Jackie practiced really hard on her yodeling skills. She was able to beat her father in the yodeling contest.
Sam was afraid of his mean, old neighbor, Mrs June. Sam asked his mother why Mrs June was so mean. His mother explained that Mrs June wasn't mean, just lonely. Sam thought about it, and decided to be friendlier to Mrs June. It turned out she wasn't so scary after all!
Jacob was a young, eager treasure hunter. His recent expedition was to try and find the Lost Jewel of Egypt. He discovered the pyramid rumoured to contain the treasure. With his secret map he scoured the tombs and found the jewel. Although it was dangerous, Jacob was happy with his job.
The family was at the park. A loud thunder clap rang out. The family watched the cloud roll in. A tremendous storm began. The family scrambled to shelter.
Jenny's best friend just got her driver's license. She took Jenny for a ride. Jenny didn't realize what a terrible driver she was. She was all over the road! Jenny was glad when the wild ride was over.
Clare was eating pumpkin pie. But after one slice, she wanted more. She ended up eating pumpkin pie for every meal. And eventually, she got sick. Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully.
When my friend's dad died, I skipped school for his funeral. I went to her house to help her get ready. I didn't have anything to wear. She let me borrow one of her dresses. It was black and white, so it was appropriate.
Jimmy came home hungry. He saw a chicken sandwich inside the microwave. Although he didn't know where the sandwich belonged to, he ate it. A few minutes later, Mary checked the microwave. She immediately looked at Jimmy and gave him a mean grin.
Daniel collected magnets everywhere he went. He had a huge collection at home. His fridge and doors were covered and he had more still. Daniel began to wonder if anyone had ever collected so many magnets. After counting them, he found that he had set a world record.
Yolanda adopted a dog from the shelter. She bought her a sparkly collar. It had rhinestones and glitter on it. The dog seemed to love it. She loved spoiling her new pet.
Tom bought a new calendar. He put it up right away. After a few days he noticed something was off. Tom had bought next year's calendar. He held onto it until the right time.
Ben and Angel were hungry for some ice cream. They decided to go to McDonalds, because they had cones for 49 cents. When they got there, they realized the prices had gone up. They now had to pay 69 cents for each cone. Ben bought Angel ice cream, anyway.
Bob was shocked when he got his history test back. It was multiple choice so how had he gotten a zero? He met with his teacher after class to review. They realized he had filled out the bubble sheet incorrectly. His teacher agreed to regrade his test.
Liz has a Spanish test coming up. She is not ready. She has missed two days of school. Liz decided to skip test day. Liz got caught and got detention.
Kim wanted to walk outside. She realized it was really hot today. She wanted to bring an umbrella to shade herself. She looked for it around the house. By the time she found it, it was dark outside.
We visited Philadelphia in 2005. We took the train from Boston. We saw the Liberty Bell. We took selfies with the Rocky statue. We had scrapple and took the train home.
Lisa invited Tina and the girls over for a clambake. When the girls got there everything was fine. Yet all the sudden Rosie started raising her voice. Lisa got very mad. Lisa was so mad she asked Rosie to leave.
Gary was invited to his niece's preschool graduation. At first, Gary was shocked at the concept of preschool graduation. However, Gary quickly got over the shock because of his niece. Gary decided he would bring her some balloons, and a teddy bear. Gary could not wait to see his niece on her preschool graduation.
Ella bought herself a cheese danish. She ate half of it. She left the rest on the kitchen counter overnight. When she woke, it was gone. Her dad had eaten the rest of her danish!
Kasey was walking her dog. He was being really rowdy and she was trying to calm him. Suddenly, he bit her hand. It hurt really bad and she was taken aback. Her parents decided they needed to take the dog to training school.
Shane joined the orchestra. He needed an instrument. He decided on a viola. His mom took him to a shop and he picked one. Then, they bought it.
Gina's mom was taking her sister to the hospital. She needed stitches to close a cut on her foot. Her mother left Gina at the house to clean up the bloody mess. She picked up the ripped sock to throw it away. That's when she realized her sister had been wearing her lucky socks.
Dilma was not having a good week. Her country was calling for her impeachment. Dilma put on a disguise and hurried off to the airport. Dilma took a flight straight to Washington DC. Upon arriving, Dilma asked Obama for a cabinet position.
June decided on a  Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee. While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow. June looked to her right and saw a tiny kitten. She walked over and picked up the kitten. June decided to keep the kitten she wanted a new friend.
Tom's girlfriend was meeting his parents. They decided to show her old pictures. Tom was embarrassed by some of them. His girlfriend thought it was cute. It was all in fun and they enjoyed it.
Joe and Star were the two finalists in the Spelling Bee Championship. Joe and Star had two days to study the words for the final round. Feeling cocky, Joe hardly studied the words for the finals. Star studied every day and night leading up to the finals. Star defeated Joe and became Spelling Bee Champion!
In the middle of a deserted neighborhood sat a single stop sign. Rod would always roll through it without stopping. One day he rolled through it and didn't know the cop sitting there. The cop pulled him over and gave him a ticket. Rod stopped every single time after that ticket.
My grandpa was an air traffic controller before he retired. Today he told me it is a great job and that I should do it. He said the salary was great and you get a lot of time off. Plus you are forced to retire at an early age and with full benefits. He sold me on it and I just applied to become one.
Jacob wrote a check at the store. He forgot to record the check in his register. Jacob thought he had more money than he did. Jacob spent more money than he had. Jacob overdrew his account.
Tim was at the bar with friends. He tried to hit on a girl. She was there with her friends too. The friends kept getting in the way and messing up his flirtations. Tim eventually gave up and insulted them under his breath.
Sam wanted to play football when he grew up. When he was old enough, his father began to teach him the game. All throughout his school days, Sam could not think of anything else. When he was in high school, Sam was one of the best players. In college, he was a star and afterwards, he became a professional!
When Thomas graduated high school, he wanted to run track. He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment. His roommate was a teammate from the high school track team. Thomas came home and caught his roommate stealing the furniture. Thomas tried to stop him but was shot and killed by his roommate.
Davy was taking a very hard math test. He was sweating and breathing very hard at the end. Davy raised his hand to ask a question and feinted. The whole class was shocked and rushed to help him. Davy woke up embarrassed but otherwise fine.
Danielle was a very hard worker. She had a full-time job and went to school. This week she had to stay late at work a few days. She ended up forgetting to study for an important test. Danielle failed her test and was very sad.
Tycho couldn't find the television remote. He asked everyone in his family to help him look for it. They looked everywhere. Finally one of his sisters found it in the refrigerator. Tycho was able to watch television.
The man made some eggs. His wife smelled the eggs cooking. She asked if he would make her some eggs too. The man made her scrambled eggs. The wife said she did not want them scrambled.
Melinda had to visit the dentist. She really hated going to the dentist. She would hide in her bedroom closet whenever it was time to go. Her mother would always give her a hug for encouragement. Melinda eventually overcame her fear of the dentist.
Hayley felt awful. A girl in school had been bullying her. She told her mom about what happened. The mom called the principal. The principal punished the bully.
Tom was an office employee. Tom had a long commute to work. Tom listened to the radio on the way. Tom enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings. Tom grew to love listening to NPR for his entire life.
Billy is walking down the street one day. He sees a cat stuck in a tree. He tries to call it down. The cat is scared and doesn't come to him. He climbs the tree and rescues the cat himself.
My wife and I got carried away at a restaurant. We ordered a lot of food from the menu. We weren't thinking about the price at all. When the check came, we were worried. We barely had enough money to pay for the meal.
Wes had dirty carpet in his living room. He paid a carpet cleaning person to come to his home. The carpet cleaner quickly removed all of the dirt. Wes was amazed how plush and clean the carpet looked. He decided he would hire carpet cleaners more often.
Jeff was walking down the street one afternoon. He noticed a quarter on the ground. Excited, he went to pick it up. With the coin in his pocket, Jeff walked to a nearby store. Jeff bought a gumball with the quarter and chewed it happily.
Lita always stayed in ratty cheap motels when traveling. It was a carry-over from an impoverished youth. One day a motel made a mistake in booking her. To make amends, they upgraded Lita to their best suite for the night. Lita loved it so much that she always indulged in a nicer room after.
I was hungry so I thought I'd make some lunch. I walked to the kitchen. I took down some spices. I mixed them with meat, vegetables, and pasta. Then I ate my lunch!
The Smiths wanted to start a family. They were not able to have kids on their own. Together, they went to the adoption agency. They found a wonderful young child that needed a loving home. There family was now complete.
Tim loved buying coconuts at the store. He would always poke a hole in it to consume it. He noticed he always needed a straw for this. Tom bought a large amount of straws at the store. Tom used a new straw for each coconut.
Harry was playing Marco Polo with the neighborhood kids. They played for about an hour before it was Harry's turn. When it was Harry's turn the kids decided they did not want to play. Harry was very upset. Now Harry goes to the recreation center to play Marco Polo.
Buster went swimming at the beach against his mother's wishes. He did not leave a note to say where he was going. Buster was attacked by a seal while swimming. Buster lost his left hand to the seal. Buster always leaves a note when he leaves the house now.
Shannon went to the mall to get her ears pierced again. She picked out some new studs and had her ears pierced on the spot. Now she had 7 piercing in total in her ears. The man who pierced her asked her if she wanted to pierce her lip. Shannon was not sure and told him that she'll do it next time.
Cal went out for a walk as dusk was falling. He sang softly along to his mp3 player as he walked along. Cal saw a small rock on the sidewalk in front of him. He went to skip over it, but it, a frog, skipped away from under him! Cal was startled and much more attentive the rest of his walk.
Nola won a goldfish at a carnival. She took it home and put it in a tank. Her mom thought it would die right away. But surprisingly, the fish thrived. Nola kept her fish for many years.
Phil realized his pantry was completely out of food. He made a list of groceries to buy. Phil went to his local supermarket. Phil went aisle to aisle getting the items on his list. Phil went home content with the food he was bringing back.
John had a huge business meeting in another state He stayed up all night getting his notes prepared Morning came and John Slept in! It was 30 minutes past his wake up time. John missed his flight to the meeting
Our internet service was out last weekend. It did not get fixed until Monday. It went down on July 4th as well. Many people complained about the poor service. In response, the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS.
Gina tried to wake up her brother for work. He didn't respond and remained asleep. She pushed him and took away his covers. She also played loud music. Yet, he remained asleep.
Jane looked at her boys with doubt in her eyes. Be brave in summer camp, she told them. The boys looked up sheepishly at their mother. The boys wanted to cry but caught themselves at the last moment. They hugged their mother and boarded the bus.
Owen loved to drink soda. One morning Owen discovered he had a bad toothache. He wanted to go to the dentist, but was afraid. His mother convinced him to go see the dentist. The dentist told Owen to stop drinking soda for good.
The couple dressed like vampires. They walked to the Halloween party. Somebody ran up with a wooden stake. The couple cowered in fear. The man with the stake laughed maniacally.
Natalie lived alone in a big blue house in the forest. From her window she could see all sorts of wildlife. One day she left the door open by accident. A brown bear wandered into the kitchen, drawn by the smell of cookies. Natalie screamed so loudly in fear that the bear turned tail and ran.
I took my dog to get a bath. My dog loves to take a bath. I got the bath water ready for him. My dog jumped into the bath. He splashed me with water.
Carl was shopping with friends. All of a sudden a guard approached them. His friends ran away. Carl didn't know they were stealing. Carl didn't get in trouble because he didn't know.
Ross was playing baseball with his friends. Someone knocked the ball over a fence. Ross tried his best to climb the fence but couldn't make it. It seemed like they couldn't get their ball back at all. Luckily, the owner of the fence threw the ball back out.
Jimmy was feeling depressed lately. He decided to go to his doctor for a check-up. His doctor prescribed him anti-depressants. Jimmy took anti-depressants everyday according to his doctor. Jimmy felt better and was able to continue on with his life.
Jim was late to his brother's basketball game. He rushed in and out of traffic. He made it with 5 minutes to spare. Jim saw his brother take the last shot with seconds left. His brother scored to win the game.
Will was nervous about his college physics class. Will had read online that the instructor was really tough. Will paid attention during the lectures. Will worked through the physics problems every single night. Will aced the physics class!
Jan was shopping at the mall with her friends. They all decided that they were hungry. The friends headed to the food court. They ate their meal. After eating, they continued to shop.
Amy loved the bay a lot. She loved the view it produced. One day, the bay was very dirty. Amy spent a lot of time cleaning the bay. Now, the bay is clean once more.
Tina wanted to get her ears pierced. She begged her parents to let her. At first they were not happy about it. But they ended up agreeing. Tina was so happy she was allowed to.
Amy worked at Bath and Body Works for the Christmas season. In January she asked her manager if she could continue to work there. Her manager told her they would decide next week. 2 weeks passed and Amy had heard nothing. She left a message for a manager to call her but she never heard back.
Nate was traveling to Belize. He couldn't wait to explore the rainforest! He planned on taking pictures of lots of animals and birds. He read four books about the jungle as well. Nate felt ready to tackle this adventure!
Today was Lulu's 33rd birthday. She didn't know what you wanted. She called up her friend and asked her,  what should i do today? Her friend replied,  let's have a wonderful party Lulu threw the biggest party of her life
Tony stood by the side of the road wearing a safety vest. When a car came, he flagged it down and asked it to stop. Tony explained that there was now a one dollar toll on the road. The driver seemed suspicious of this but paid anyway. As the drive left Tony laughed at his foolishness.
Rico was forbidden to have a girlfriend until finished school. But he already have a girlfriend for a year. He hide it from her parents. When his parents find out they told rico to break up with her. But rico did not do it because he loves his girlfriend that much.
Ryan loved to play with cats. His favorite cat to play with was named Bonkers. Bonkers was trying to get away from Ryan because he was tired. Ryan wouldn't leave Bonkers alone so Bonkers attacked Ryan. Ryan learned not to annoy cats anymore.
Roger Rumface was excited. He hadn't seen his father, Stanley Strongly, in 20 years. He got off the travel site, having booked his plane ticket. He hugged his wife goodbye and took off to the airport. Where he boarded a plane bound for Singapore.
Last year, during Christmas break, someone broke into my house! They went through all my things. When I got back I was very shocked to see someone had been in my room. It turns out, they didn't take anything valuable from me. I was relieved that they didn't take anything too valuable from me.
Ted glad a really bad cold. He couldn't shake it, and had it for weeks. When he went to the doctor, he was checked for everything. The nurse came in, and told him he had HIV. He was devastated, but took his prescribed medication.
Jessica was in her room during a storm. Suddenly, she heard some loud thunder. Quickly afterwards, she saw a huge bright light. A lightning bolt had struck her bedroom ceiling. Jessica yelled and ran from the room.
Sarah was a great climber. She was determined to climb a very steep rock wall. It had bested her several times in the past. Today though, Sarah was determined. She tried with all her might and was able to reach the top.
Mike envied the powerful new Tornado class vacuum cleaner. He didn't make enough money at his job to buy it outright. Mike started paying for it on an installment plan. It only took him 3 Years to pay it all off, but then it was all his! To Mike's chagrin, the vacuum broke the very next time he used it.
It was the last hand in the poker game. Angus placed a dollar bet. Fred saw Angus' bet and raised him fifty cents. All the other players decided to fold. Ultimately, Fred's strong hand won against Angus' weaker cards.
Kara loved to eat nachos. She bought all the ingredients to make them at home. As she was melting the cheese, her phone rang. She became distracted and then smelled something burning. Kara burned her nacho cheese.
Bill built a new barn. He didn't build it very well. It blew over in the first big storm. Pieces of it went everywhere. Bill had to rebuild it.
Jenny was arrested for a day since she was drunk driving. After she got out, her whole attitude changed. She tried to help her mom out around the house more. She also gave her little siblings an allowance each week. Her friends would remind her that she's changed a lot.
Stella decided to buy lottery tickets every week. She always bought them in the same place. She always used the same number. She lost on 100 consecutive tickets. Stella decided to stop buying lottery tickets.
Joe liked to drink heavy during the weekends. It was not something he was proud of so he was going to stop. So last weekend he went sober. He went to the bar but just ordered a soda. Joe claims it was the worst weekend he ever had.
When I was a child, I had a cat that would leave for a month or two. She went hunting and was gone a very long time. I gave up once when she was gone for four months. My mom and my sister thought they saw her a mile away coming home. Later that day with much happiness she came home.
Sandy was a school teacher. She had a student that was failing. She offered to give extra credit. He refused. He failed her class.
On a whim, Kathy and Nola decided to go to Atlantic City to gamble. For the first 4 hours, they both did terribly. Then, just before they were ready to give up, Kathy hit the Jackpot. She took her earnings and, being a nice person, split them with Nola. They both decided to stay in Atlantic City an extra week.
Fred was at a grocery store. And he saw lots of drinks on clearance. Without hesitation, he bought several sports drinks. But when he got home, he realized they were all expired. Fred decided to reluctantly drink them anyway.
Evan and Jade were thrilled to find out they were expecting. But Even wanted a son and Jade wanted a daughter. Each had dreams and plans for their tiny son or daughter. On delivery day they thought one of them would surely be disappointed. But then doctor presented them with twins - a boy and a girl!
Marsha had a top-secret job. She was a spy in Russia. She gathered intelligence and reported it back to the President. Marsha wanted to get out of the country before she was discovered. She planned on doing one more mission and then leaving.
Jane was born nearly blind. She has spent her entire life away at school. At the school for the blind she excelled. She finished the school with high marks. She loved it there so she became a teacher there too!
Ellie had a seafood allergy. She ate a few shrimp at a party. Ellie's face began to turn red. She had to go to the hospital. The doctor warned her not to eat seafood again.
Cindy was a kindergarten teacher. One of the students kept taking off her shoes. Cindy warned her to stop taking off her shoes. The student removed her shoes again. Cindy put her in a time out area.
Sid liked riding his motorcycle really fast. His friends warned him to be careful but Sid scoffed. One rainy night, he skidded and almost hit a truck. He was okay, but shaken up and grateful to be unhurt. It was the only urging he needed to be more careful from then on.
My wife retired from work in August. We threw her a retirement party in September. My daughter and son got the decorations. We rented a room in the apartment building. Many friends and family came and wished her well.
Joseph wanted to stop working days and work nights at his factory job. He asked his boss about but said there was nothing available. John's friend Mike approached him and asked him if they could switch. They both went to the boss and the boss said yes. Now both John and Mike are happier.
Joe used to own two dogs. But then he lost his job. It pained him, but he had to give one of his dogs away. Months later, he got a new job. Now, he seems happy with just one.
Bella made a friendship bracelet for her best friend. She presented it to him with a smile. He took it and smiled back. He put it on his wrist right away! From then on, he never removed Bella's bracelet.
Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke. He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house. He ran through his house, waking everyone and getting them to safety. The fire department was called, and they arrived promptly. The firemen put out the fire, and no one was harmed.
I was marveling at how pretty a butterfly was. I pointed it out to my son. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a blur. A bird was heading towards the butterfly. The bird caught it and flew off.
Maria was still mad at Jake for cancelling their date yesterday. He tried to call her in the afternoon to see how she's doing. She rejected all of his phone calls. He also drove to her house. However, she wouldn't open the door to let him in.
Josh was trying to get home. He got stuck in traffic. People were honking their horns and rubbernecking. It took Joe an hour to get home. Joe was irritable when he finally got home.
Terrance comes from a poor family. They live in public housing. He went out to the markets and stole some food. He came back but was nervous. Everything was fine.
Amy was in trouble. She was caught sneaking out at midnight at a friend's house. She was being driven back home From the porch, she could see her parents in the living room waiting. She took a deep sigh, and walked into the house.
carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake Her grandfather told her to stay calm and breather Carol did so and ended up learning how to swim Carol loved swimming ever since that day
Sampson bought a permanent marker. He walked out onto the street and opened it. As people walked by, he marked them with his marker. The people would look around, but never know it was Sampson. Eventually, everyone in the neighborhood was marked by Sampson.
Laury and Derek got married last January. They had a great ceremony with just a few family members. After they left the wedding they went to eat at a nice restaurant. They explained to the waitress that they just got married. The restaurant decided not to charge them at all for their meal.
It snowed last night. This morning, I woke up and saw the ground covered in snow. However, it snows often here, so we did not have a snow day. We drove slowly to school and so we arrived later than usual. Everyone is running late due to the snow.
I loved to play video games. My little brother wanted to play but did not know how. So I gave my brother the broken controller. He thought he was playing but I was really playing. We were both happy for the rest of the evening.
Every evening my mother's boyfriend brought us a box of donuts. I would find the pink box sitting on our kitchen table each morning. Even though we were very poor, my brother wouldn't let me eat any. One night I awoke to hear the three of them yelling. The table was empty the next day and I never saw the donut man again.
Neil was on a long train ride. He had his very own compartment. His first meal was a very fancy dinner. Neil was amazed. The train trip was the most luxurious trip he had ever taken!
Tina met a boy over the internet. They hit it off from day one on an online video game. The talked to each other every day until they could finally meet. She was nervous about the in person meeting. He ended up being even more perfect in person to Tina.
Monica went to the store for her mother. When she got there, she saw a box full of puppies for sale. She stopped and picked up the cutest one. Monica forgot all about her mother's grocery list. She spent all of the grocery money on the puppy.
In 1993, a young couple moved into our building. The woman locked her bike up on a fence. A week later, she told me the bike had been stolen. The building took up a collection and paid for a new bike. She was very moved.
John got a taxi to take him to a surf town in southern Nicaragua. The driver started driving toward John's destination. A dispute arose when the driver demanded a high fare for the trip. John and the driver started negotiating over the fare. They agreed on the fare as they had a couple of beers at a local bar.
Alice wished that her boyfriend would take her to the beach. She tried dropping hints to him. She attempted to leave subtle notes as well. Finally, she outright told him to take her or leave. She is now enjoying a romantic stroll for the whole evening.
She sat in the creative writing class, only half paying attention. The teacher called on her, and asked who the main character was. She flustered, and said something silly. "I don't remember his name, but it was in Gulliver's Travels." From then on, she was called Gulliver by the teacher.
Carter was a student in the local high school. Carter and his friends wanted to do a prank in their last year. The boys drove their car onto the football field and did donuts. One of the boys admitted to what they did. Carter and his friends had to fix the field and received suspension.
Anna pulled the jug of Kool Aid out of the fridge. Then she shook it to mix it before pouring a glass. But the last user had not secured the cap. The jug opened and spilled everywhere! Anna was so angry at having to clean up the big mess!
Abigail was a ballet dancer at her school. Today she had to come in for some photos. She had her's taken but she hated it. Luckily she convinced the photographer to try again. The second time she liked the photo much better.
Today I took a job rating speech samples. Most of them were in spanish. Once I sat down and began to work, it was simple. The voices sounded perfect. I got paid promptly and went home.
When Miley was a child she was a television star. She had many fans that adored her cute personality. Miley grew older and started doing things that rebellious teenagers do. Miley's fans started to perceive her differently. Many of her fan's stopped adoring her.
Gary had just arrived home. He heard yelling coming from the room where his dogs slept. He ran to check on them. In the room, he saw that the dogs had been fighting. One dog was badly injured and Gary had to get rid of the vicious one.
I was at the restaurant eating lunch. I saw a cute guy on the next table eating alone. He saw me staring at him and he smiled. The next day at same place, i saw him again. I often eat in that restaurant just to see him.
I have to take a statistics course for my major. It's extremely difficult. I think I'm in danger of failing. I have decided to seek a tutor. I just hope the tutor is clearer than the professor.
I heard a knock on the door a little while ago. I looked out the window and saw an old friend. He was always trouble and not fun to be around. I did not want to talk to him. I was really quiet and pretended not to be home so he left.
Iris was walking in the park. She saw a lost child. Iris looked around for the child's parents. Iris saw a woman running around frantically. Iris brought the child to the woman.
I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection. There was an old man selling a set of fruits. No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows. Although I didn't want the fruits, I just decided to buy it. Before moving, he thanked me.
I am a loud yawner. I take a deep breath and make a loud noise. Tonight I yawned while my wife was in the kitchen. She asked if there was an animal in the apartment hall. I said that was just my yawn.
Spencer and Sarah wanted a baby. They tried for a few months. Sarah eventually got pregnant. She prepared herself well. She gave birth nine months later!
Kelly went out with her parents for the day. When she got home, she saw that she'd forgotten to give her dog water! It was shady in the house, but still a hot summer day. Kelly was ashamed of forgetting something so important. She made a Post-It note to remind herself never to forget again.
Carol caught her husband cheating. She kicked him out and cut off all communication. She is seeking a divorce. Carol's husband keeps trying to contact her. Only her lawyer ever responds.
Paul was writing an essay. But his friend asked him to play video games. So Paul decided to copy an entire essay off the Internet. And his teacher didn't notice. After getting an A, Paul ended up copying for every assignment.
Trust Jackson had an ironic name. Because she didn't trust anyone at all, she was mocked. This only fed into her complex. To the point where her mother told her her father had died. She laughed, and denied reality right into an institution.
Mary wanted to stop working. She was tired of working. She met a man with a lot of money. She married him. She never had to work again.
Jean took a can of corn beef out of the cabinet. She also took the machine can opener from another cabinet. She tried to open the corn beef. However, the can got stuck to the opener. She tried to pull off the can as hard as she can and broke the opener.
Tom wanted to meet new people. Tom was socially awkward. Tom decided to use a social lubricant. Tom would drink alcohol before meeting new people. He found this strategy relaxed him and met many new friends.
Today I was on a conference call with three other people. I was alone in my office, so I let some farts rip. I forgot to press the mute button, so everyone on the call heard me. They started asking what that noise was. I lied and said someone's car had backfired in the parking lot.
Dan and his high school basketball team were in the state finals. It was the last game and the pressure was on. The team played hard and gave their all. Dan dropped the ball but a teammate recovered it. Dan and his team won and were the state champions.
Ken put a bottle of beer in the freezer. He heard a popping noise. He looked in the freezer and saw the bottle had burst. He didn't want to wait for another beer to get cold. He drank a warm beer instead.
Billy Bangingstrom loved to bang the drum. One time, he banged it so loud his neighbors complained. Being the vindictive sort, Billy stole their wifi password. With this password, he made their computer play drum music every day. Eventually Billy was charged with cyber crime and sentenced to prison.
Erin decided that it was time to lose some weight. Erin went to the gym daily. She also took lots of weight loss supplements. Erin's family was surprised at her results. Erin ended up losing almost 20 pounds.
She was awake for the entire surgery. The pressure as they cut felt very strange. She heard the baby start to cry. The doctor laughed and said he was sorry to the baby. A nurse held up the precious child for her to see.
Bruce went out to the beach for the weekend. He brought his surfboard and wetsuit. Bruce couldn't find a big enough wave to surf for a while. Suddenly a large swell appeared and he decided to chase it. He underestimated the wave and wound up being thrown almost to shore.
Alfie is my greywing parakeet. He is very dramatic and has given us a lot of scares. When we clean his cage, we remove him sometimes. After the cage is clean, we return him back but he plays dead! He lays on the bottom, opens one eye to check and pops up!
Sue switched on her computer and heard a weird noise. The monitor flickered and then a blue screen appeared. Sue restarted it, but the same thing happened. She took it in for repair, hoping it was fixable. The techs ended up having to replace the motherboard.
Robert hated clowns. His mom always got a clown for his birthday. But one year he told his mom his hate for them. She promised to never get another one but his dad didn't know this. To his despair, his next birthday had a clown present.
I needed a bike helmet. So I ordered on online. I measured my head and thought it would fit correctly. But the helmet was painful to wear. I decided not to buy helmets online anymore.
Ellis had always wanted to be a zookeeper. He was inspired alot by Steve Irwin when he was young. When he heard Steve Irwin had died, Ellis cried for days. Ellis then gave up on his zookeeper dreams. The event traumatised him more than he'll admit.
Al's girlfriend was a hard worker. Last week he planned a relaxing night at home for them. He picked a movie, made some food and got some wine. They drank and hand fun. It relaxed her and put her in a good mood.
The tree fell to the ground. It made a large noise. That startled some deer. The deer ran away. A nearby mountain lion heard them running.
Betty was a reporter for the school newspaper. She got to interview a guy for a new story. She was excited but he is very successful. She showed up to the interview. He decided he didn't have time to meet with her.
One day I was on top of my bunk bed. I was staring at the ground when I felt something hit my face. I look to see what it was. It only took me a few seconds to jump up and run. It was a huge cockroach!
Tim saw a cute girl at the bookstore. He gathered up enough courage to talk to her. He was nervous and nonsensical. The girl didn't bother to even pretend to care. She smiled awkwardly and walked away from him.
Jake went out with friends to the bar. Once there he kept buying drinks. His friends asked him to stop. Jake refused and got too drunk. He embarrassed himself and lost some friends.
My roommate use to use my shampoo. I buy expensive shampoo and he would use lots of it. It was costing me a lot of money to replace it so often. I wrote him a note asking him to buy his own. The next day I noticed he had bought his own.
Mr Qu was a famous statesman from China. He wanted to improve the quality of life in his country. He started a water quality project. He saved many lives. He ended up being voted Man of the Year.
Donald was a farmer. He was hardworking and loved all his animals. One day the lock to the pig pen got undone. Dozens of pigs ran amok in the fields. It took Donald all day to retrieve all his pigs.
My four-year-old nephew loves to wake us up. This morning his hands were cold. He crawled into bed with us. He put his hands on my back. As I screamed, he yelled cold hands.
Tanya needed to get her nail polish off. Her work would not allow it. So she bought remover. But the smell was so bad. So she had to throw it off.
Debbie worked at a coffee shop. Her favorite customer was a man named Stan. Stan tipped her fifty dollars one day. Debbie stopped Stan, thinking it was a mistake. Stan smiled and reassured her to keep the money.
Billy loved fire trucks for as long as he could remember. The class was going to take a field trip to the fire house. Billy was very excited. The class arrived at the firehouse. Billy had a great time that day.
Jeff was the new kid in school. The school bully tripped him in the hall. Jeff crashed into Sara, the prettiest girl there. Sara scowled at the bully and helped Jeff to his feet. Jeff managed to get a date with her to the school dance.
Candice was a high school senior. She thought graduation meant freedom. After graduation Candice moved out of her parents house. She realized bills are expensive. Candice dreams of going back to high school.
Laura was bored, and decided to have a catnip party. She brought out the bag of catnip, and scattered it on the carpet. All four cats came running when she called. The cats began smelling, eating, and rolling in the catnip. The cats played drunkenly in the catnip, and Laura took many pictures.
Jan and Brent took a trip to the mountains. They took a lot of pictures and had a good time. They planned more trips to the mountains. They both wanted to move closer to the mountains. Jan and Brent eventually moved to the mountains.
John was filling up at a gas station. Suddenly, a car pulled up very close. The window rolled down, revealing a woman with a black eye. She asked John for help to skip town and escape her boyfriend. John gave her a hundred dollar bill, wishing her well.
Katie bought a painting from a garage sale. She adored it and hung it inside her living room. She did research on the painting, finding out that it was rare. She took her beloved painting to an appraiser. Her painting turned out to be worth over a million dollars.
Tara was eating ice cream by the beach. All of a sudden, a seagull scooped her ice cream out of her hand. Tara chased after the seagull. She tripped over a log on the beach. Tara had to get stitches on her foot afterwards.
Jessika always played the lottery. Last week she won a big jackpot. It was millions of dollars and she told everyone. Now she has no time to herself. Everyone keeps hitting her up for money.
I had been in a choir since I was five years old. I was tired of singing in choir. In the eighth grade I decided not to be in choir. My Mom told me I would miss it. She was right, and I've been in choir ever since.
We bought a foam mattress pad in February. It was 8 inches thick. It was comfortable but it made our bed very high. Yesterday we decided to get rid of it. We were still able to get a good night's rest.
I placed my cup on the counter. Everyone at the party were also placing their drinks to rest. When I came back for my drink, it tasted funny. After looking into the cup, I realized that it was lake water. My cousin ended up taking my cup.
My grandpa and I were getting off the pontoon onto the dock. I got out first and tried to move over so my grandpa would have room. Instead, I fell right into the lake! After I fell in, I just laid at the shallow bottom in a daze. Thankfully, my grandpa saw me right away and pulled me out!
Every Friday, Rob was supposed to bring his school gym clothes home. But he realized he left it in his last class. The clothes stayed there over the weekend. And when the teacher entered the class on Monday, it smelled terrible. Rob was embarrassed about his smelly gym clothes.
Patricia's car tire blew out while she was driving home. She used her cellphone to call for a tow truck. The tow truck came and took Patricia's car to the repair shop. After signing the paperwork, a repairman replaced the tire on the car. Patricia finally drove home.
I sell things on eBay. Recently a friend gave me box of old golfballs. I left them in the hallway of my building for five minutes. When I got back, I found the balls had been taken. Now I never leave anything in the hallway.
Jim had a passion for construction. Jim decided one day to open his own business. He stocked his store with the finest construction materials available. Jim attracted the attention of major builders in the area. Today, Jim's inventory is part of the rebuilt World Trade Center.
Bill wanted to be a professional editor. He read books on style and formatting. He found them dry and boring. He read novels instead. His abilities as an editor improved naturally.
Kevin was trying to bond with his father in law. He invited him to go skeet shooting on the weekend. His father in law agreed and the two met on Sunday. Both men had a great time shooting skeet. Kevin developed a closer relationship with his father in law.
Truman was a professional typist. Gradually Truman's keyboard deteriorated. Truman ordered a new keyboard from the internet. Truman was overjoyed when he got his package. However, he would need some time to adjust to the new layout.
Jill was very nervous when she left her 3 year old at preschool. He had never been away from her for so long before. She thought he'd be shy and afraid. She worried about it all day. When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories!
Josh has always wanted to ride a horse. His mom set him and his brother up to take lessons together. Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time, he wasn't happy. The pony got stung on the butt by a bee, causes it to buck. Josh decided he didn't want to ride horses anymore.
Kia was struggling in guitar class. Her hands were very sore, especially her finger tips! But after a few weeks, things changed. Kia's fingers grew calluses, which helped with the pain. Soon she enjoying her class - and doing very well!
Millie was determined to make cupcakes. She did her best and put them in to bake. As they had every time before, the cupcakes came out disgusting. As a result, she gave up on making cupcakes. Now she buys her cupcakes every time.
Rachael has a dog named Beau. Beaux does not like to take baths. Rachael decided it was time Beaux needed a bath. She had to drag him from his dog bed to the bathroom. Because he was not holding still, Rachael ended up getting a bath too.
Tempo Frankfurt was a successful trance artist from the 90's. He'd become an internet meme since then, got booked to play a show. When he got there, people didn't want to hear his new music. They shouted for him to play his old stuff, as per the memes demanded. His response was to give double middle fingers and leave the stage.
Rudolf trained on this punching bags. He hurt his hand on the bag. He showed his trainer. His trainer thought it was broken. Rudolf went to the hospital.
Maggie applied to culinary school last month. She was worried she would not get in. Today however she got the letter back. It stated she got accepted. Maggie was so proud
Lian was driving at night towards his house. A huge pick up truck hit the side of his car. The driver and I stopped our vehicles and got out of it. I told him to wait for a few minutes since I was calling the cops. He said he needed to get something from his car and took off.
Devon is great at soccer. His team had a very important match this match. He practiced every day for the match. Devon scored the winning goal at the match. His coach let him keep the trophy.
Brandon was at his brother's wedding. He was supposed to give a toast soon. He was feeling very nervous and almost wanted to back out. Luckily his wife gave him a little pep talk. He went on as planned and everyone loved his toast.
Jeremy Cloudkicker wanted to make music. A record company once approached him. Though the deal was lucrative, he didn't like their methods. Cloudkicker instead recorded dozens of albums. The albums were then released for free to everyone.
Donald was skateboarding at his local park. He tried to grind on a rail. He broke his skateboard in half when he landed. Donald went home afterwards. He ordered a new skateboard online to replace his broken one.
The court case took place at noon. The defendant started to speak first. She stated that she committed the crime. Since she confessed, the judge didn't give her the max sentence. She received one year in jail with probation.
Carmen wanted a puppy. She didn't have any particular kind in mind. She just wanted a puppy that was kind. She went to the pound to rescue one. There she found the perfect puppy named Max.
The news anchor was covering an important store. War had just been declared. The soldiers were being shipped overseas. The anchor reported on the unrest that had just erupted. She closed with footage of a battle that was going on.
Jim's friends invited him to blow off fireworks one night. But Jim knew how dangerous it was. He refused to go. Later, he heard that one of them was injured by a lit fuse! Jim was glad he'd trusted his gut.
Liz wanted to get a dog. She went to the local animal shelter. She saw lots of very nice dogs who needed good homes. One sad-looking, big, brown mutt jumped up on her. Liz adopted him immediately.
Amy wanted Chinese food for dinner. She called her favorite place and ordered takeout. They delivered it to her house in fifteen minutes. She opened the cartons and smelled how delicious it was. She dug into her Chinese food with relish!
Terry was a very big fan of insect research. He had displays full of beetles, spiders and other insects. During some research online, he found a place selling live spiders. Looking at the tarantulas, Terry decided he wanted to order one. After browsing for weeks, Terry chose a bright blue goliath tarantula.
Brooklyn looked out her window. She saw a man running in the field. He was bare skinned but it was snowing outside. She ran outside and offered him a blanket. He thanked her, but said he loved the cold.
Amanda decided to go to the theater on a rainy afternoon. She usually saw movies that were funny or romantic. This time, Amanda bought a ticket to a horror movie. The movie was very scary! Now Amanda can't sleep because she is too afraid.
Kevin was excited to take a trip to the candy store and could not wait. When he got to the store he immediately ran to the chocolate. Kevin grabbed the first chocolate bar he saw and took a bite. The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it. At the end of the transaction, Kevin spent about $50.
My friend's son sent me an email yesterday. He told me his mom R took him to dinner but had only one beer. I was reminded about a story his grandmother told me about R. When R was a teenager she got so drunk her mom put her into a shower. I told R's son this story and he was amused.
Gina and her friends didn't have hall passes. And the teacher questioning them was very upset about this. They tried to explain they had permission to be there. But she insisted they return to their class. The girls realized it was pointless to try and argue with the teacher.
Jimbo loved the new show on Fox. He found himself binge watching the entire first season. He stayed up so late that he was half awake for the last few episodes. He eventually fell asleep. When he woke up it was the final scene full of spoilers.
My coworker is a lawyer who used to be a cop. She smoked a lot. She stopped smoking when she got pregnant. One day I saw smoking outside the building. She said she took up smoking after her baby was born.
When my son came early, I was in labor for 26 hours. I had a heart monitor over my stomach the entire time. I could hear his heart rate falling. It would sometimes stop and I would call a nurse. The nurse would accuse me of just moving around too much.
Kate wanted a tree house built in her backyard. She had asked her parents to build one. They worked on putting one together over the weekend. Her father almost fell from the tree house during construction. Luckily, he was able to grab hold of nearby tree branch.
I was showering. Suddenly, the shower curtain fell! I had to cut my shower short. I quickly went to the store to buy a new shower curtain. Now, I could finish my shower.
Tommy ate lots of sweets at his birthday party. That night, Tommy felt very sick. His mom brought him to the doctor. The doctor told him not to eat so many sweets ever again. Nowadays, Tommy eats fruit when he goes to birthday parties.
A dance was tomorrow night. Susie was not asked yet. She thought she would never be asked. Finally her friend Fred asked her. Susie was relieved.
Paula goes on a dinner date. During the date she becomes attracted to the waiter. Her attention is not focused on her date. Her date asks to leave. Paula waits around to get the waiters number.
Scott worked at the cell phone repair shop. One day, his boss brought him a totally destroyed phone. Scott worked hard to try and fix it. He put everything into place and got the phone working. He handed the phone back to a very happy customer!
Chris was a homeowner. He had a large lawn. He would mow it with a push mower. He hated the push mower. He decided to buy a motorized mower and was much happier.
Larry had a very nice job with good pay. He also had no plans to marry or have children. He ended up with a sizable amount of money in his bank account. He realized that he had no one to leave it to if he died. He started going on trips, buying nice things and eating out a lot.
Sophie was really smart. She never tried hard to make good grades though. Her father offered her $100 if she brought her grades up. Sophie worked really hard to bring her grades up. She did and now she has $100.
Jane and John decided to watch a movie at home one night. Jane likes action movies, while John enjoys horror. They argued over what movie to watch. The finally decided to compromise and watch a comedy. They enjoyed the movie and had a good night.
Tom worked from home Tom decided to take a break from work. Tom took a walk around the neighborhood. He saw children playing jump rope. Tom enjoyed the walk and was happy to see kids having fun.
Millie turned six Year's old. She was happy to get a raise on her allowance. Millie's parents explained she'd get an extra dollar for each year. The next month, Millie's grandma had a birthday party. Millie said her grandma must be rich from her allowance.
Cathy was trying to get back into exercise. Cathy saw a flyer at her gym for spin classes. Cathy decided she would try out one spin class. After trying the class, Cathy loved the excitement of the class. Cathy then signed up for a 12 week spin class at her gym.
Ted was very excited for the big Friday night football game. He was scheduled to be the starting quarterback. He fell during his workout the day before the game. The fall caused Ted to break two bones in his throwing arm. Ted was so disappointed that he ruined his chance at starting.
Megan's car turned off halfway through the road. She got out of her to take a look at the engine. Although she didn't know what to do, she began to move a few things. Afterwards, Megan tried to start the car again. The car started for a few seconds but decided to shut down again.
Two teenagers decided to tube down the river. The left one car at a bridge crossing. They drove 8 miles upstream to the next bridge. They floated down the river on tubes. It took them 12 hours to reach their other car.
My cousin sent me a text. He told me he hated phones and could only talk via messenger. I installed the app, reluctantly. I added him as a contact. He immediately began messaging me again.
I was going to school. All of a sudden I felt a big crash. Someone had hit me from behind. I called my teacher. I would not be going to class today.
My lawn's grass is too tall so I decided I needed to mow the lawn. So I went to the garage and got my lawn mower. I started in the back yard and worked my way to the front. I finished the front and put the lawn mower away. And now my lawn looks ever so much better.
I was driving to my parents' house, which is located on a farm. I was distracted when I got in my car, and didn't check my gas levels. Halfway to my parents' house, my car ran out of gas. I pulled out my cell phone, but was getting no reception. I had to wait an hour before somebody drove by and rescued me.
Jan had always been a scrawny girl. One day she decided to gain a little weight. She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal. She also drank weight gain powdered shakes for breakfast. In four weeks, she had gained eleven pounds!
Joe had loved computers since he was a little boy. He decided to major in computer science at university. It was a struggle to get through some of the material. He worked hard and achieved a perfect GPA. When he graduated, he started his own IT company.
I had a fight with my girlfriend. I was so angry that I told her never to call me again. After a few months, she decided to call me. I missed her so much that I wasn't even mad. I am happy we are together again.
Ross has crooked teeth. All the kids make fun of him. One day he gets braces. The kids do not make fun of him anymore. Ross loves his new smile.
Jess was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis at age 20. It caused her a lot of pain, but no medicine seemed to help. She went through twenty or more types before she found relief. Finally, a newly-marketed drug helped her pain and function. Jess was so happy to function normally again!
Jester started out with a square piece of paper. He meticulously pre-folded the paper to prepare it for more folds. He folded and creased, making sure he was careful. He took his time and remember the steps. Jester ended up with a paper swan, which he gave to his sister.
Linda wants to read twenty books in five days. She read seven books in three days. Five books in one day. Eight books on the final day. Linda rewarded herself with a new audiobook subscription.
It was a hot summer day so I got out my swimsuit. I put on my swimsuit and some sunscreen lotion. I walked to the pool and got in. I spent the entire day swimming and lounging. I went home cool and relaxed.
Fred failed his math class in middle school. He was hoping his parents would never find out. The teacher required him to retake the course. He ended up telling his parents and they had to sign his report card. Fred studied very hard and passed the second time around.
Allen thought he was a very talented poet. He attended college to study creative writing. In college, he met a boy named Carl. Carl told him that he wasn't very good. Because of this, Allen swore off poetry forever.
Sue needed a new dress. She did not have extra money in her budget. She finally saved enough. She was excited when she could go shopping. Sue finally had a new dress.
Rufus felt ashamed that all his friends played banjo and he didn't. He was afraid it was too late to learn to start playing. One day his closest pal Max offered to help him learn to play. Little by little Rufus learned to play banjo with Max. Now Rufus loves to play banjo, thanks to Max.
Joe took Susan to the movies. It was their first date. He had been asking her out for a long time. She finally decided to give him a chance. He said that they had a good time.
Ellen wanted her new house to have a fresh coat of paint. She looked in the phone book and hired a man that had a nice ad. He came over right away and gave her an estimate. Ellen paid him $1000. He disappeared and she never saw him again!
My cat is very lazy. One time my cat was lying in front of the door. I tripped over my cat when I came back from school. My cat did not even react. My cat is the laziest cat I have ever seen.
In a big murder trial, the defendant had a strange strategy. For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid. The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test. The kid scored very high on the judge's test. The prosecutor's confidence was shaken at this news.
Kate's bedroom was cold in the winter. But her space heater gave off fumes which gave her headaches. One day she saw an electric blanket at the store. She bought it even though she wasn't sure it would keep her warm. For the first time in weeks she slept cozily.
Bella wanted to cook some spaghetti and meatballs. She discovered she had no pasta noodles. She found a recipe online that used spaghetti squash instead. Bella luckily had a spaghetti squash on hand. She was surprised to find the spaghetti and meatballs delicious!
Ray drove his old truck to work every day. The road there was full of huge bumps. Ray would sometimes even hit his head on the roof of his truck! He couldn't wait to get a new car that was a smoother ride. Ray was tired of getting bruises from his commute.
Sia saw a shape out of the corner of her eye. When she turned to look, it wasn't there. She heard a whooshing sound, though, and was becoming scared. Sia suddenly saw what had startled her! It was merely a large black crow now flying above her.
Mary worked hard as a nurse at the hospital. To make extra money she worked a second job. Mary was often tired because of her long work hours. At the hospital she almost made a dangerous error due to fatigue. Mary decided that it would be best to quit her second job.
There was a talent show at the high school one day. All of the acts were okay but none really stood out. Then a band took the stage. The band was made up of several siblings. They were so good and everyone agreed that they should win.
Brenda was excited to be turning 16 today. After breakfast, she drove with her mother to the DMV office. She found the the written test to be very easy for her. After the driving test she watched as the tester added up her score. That night Brenda proudly drove alone to visit with her friends.
There was a little girl standing by the road. My dog and I walked past her as she waved hello. I realized she was deaf, and spoke to her in sign language. She smiled happily and signed back to me. We talked for about 10 minutes before we went home.
Halloween is Rachelle's favorite time of the year. She loves getting dressed up for it. She also really likes handing out candy. This year she remembered to keep her dogs downstairs. The evening went smoothly and she even had candy left over!
Jason loves riding his bike around the neighborhood. He usually wears protective gear. This morning he skipped wearing knee pads. Jason falls off his bike. Now Jason has a scarred knee.
Sara was going on a cruise. She had everything except a swimsuit. She could not find the perfect one. One day she was shopping and finally found one. She was happy she was finally ready for her cruise.
Larry was using his wife's laptop He noticed an unread message. Larry's curiosity got the better of him. He soon found out his wife was cheating. Larry confronted her about it and they're filing for divorce.
Trevor was ironing his clothes one day. He touched the hot iron on accident and dropped the iron. When the hot iron hit the floor, the carpet burst into flames. Trevor ran outside of the house and called 911. The fire department arrived shortly after and put out the fire.
Jake was scared of flying. He had to catch a flight for a job interview. He could barely breathe as the plane took off. He meditated to calm himself down. He was able to feel better after his meditation session.
Keith took very little care of his teeth. He didn't brush his teeth for months and months. His bottom row of teeth become completely black. He decided it was time to start brushing. He brushed his teeth and set up an appointment with a dentist.
Jessie was on her way to work. She spilt coffee on her outfit before walking out the door. Jessie went and changed her clothes. She got to work late. Her boss reprimanded Jessie for being late.
Susan received a new bicycle for Christmas. She didn't know how to ride it without training wheels. Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan. Susan's mother let go of the bicycle. Susan crashed and skinned her knee.
Ginger's grandmother could no longer take care of herself. Ginger decided to move her grandmother into an assisted living center. Her grandmother was reluctant, but agreed to the move. Her grandmother did not like the assisted living center. She was much happier when Ginger suggested that she move in with her.
Tom was good student but came from a poor family. He knew his only way out of his neighborhood was a scholarship. Tom earned a college scholarship. Tom went to college on a full ride scholarship. Tom left his poor upbringing behind and become successful.
Sue was walking home from school one day. Along the sidewalk she found a kitten. Soon the kittens angry mother came out from some bushes. The angry cat turned and sprayed Sue in the face. Later, Sue's mother told her that it was a skunk, not a cat.
Maria was finally ready to move out on her own. But she wasn't ready to go too far from her parents. She drove around her neighborhood and called about places for rent. She found a nice affordable apartment and moved in. Maria settled in well and adopted a kitten for her new place.
It was Remy's first day of college. And should couldn't find her first class. She asked a student where the science center was. But she only became more confused. When Remy arrived at her class, everyone was already leaving.
One day Peter woke up after school had already started. He quickly put on his clothes and went to school. He arrived at school 20 minutes late. Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class. The classroom erupted in laughter because Peter forgot to wear pants.
Tom worried about eating too much food. And every time he ate, he excessively exercised afterwards. He rarely ate sugar, candy, or fat. But he constantly felt sick and fatigued. Tom realized his strict attitude was causing him too much stress.
Kerry was getting ready for school to start. She got her school supply list off of the internet. Kerry went with her mother to buy her supplies. Kerry put all her supplies in her book bag. She was prepared when school began.
Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall. They were perfect for the big dance coming up. She saved up for weeks to get them. When she went to the store they didn't have them in her size. She bought a bigger pair but couldn't walk in them.
Tim was at the laundromat. He noticed a really cute girl there too. He kept trying to build up the courage to talk to her. Tim was never really able to. She left without him saying anything.
I've a friend who is pretty ill so I thought it best to call him. I called him over and over yesterday but he didn't answer. So I began to worry. Then wouldn't you know it he called me! So now I know my friend is OK and so I won't worry any more.
Mark went fishing in the ocean. The waves were really big from a storm that was coming. Mark got really sick and was not having fun. He was relieved after they finally made it back to shore. Mark decided he wasn't going on a boat any time soon.
Emma had a doctor's appointment this morning. She woke up early and drove to the hospital. She was greeted by a nurse when she arrived. After waiting for half an hour her doctor arrived and gave her an exam Her doctor told her that she was very healthy and had no problems.
It was Ty's going to be first day of a new job. He was very anxious. Ty couldn't get to sleep. When he finally did sleep, it wasn't good. Tyler was drained of energy for his first day of work.
It was Jim's first time seeing the ocean. He was from the Midwest and hadn't seen it before. When he saw it for the first time he darted into the waters. Jim soon learned he made a mistake though. Jim had stepped on a jellyfish and the sting hurt badly.
Julia was at the doctor for an ultra sound. She had recently learned that she was pregnant and needed dating. The doctor searched for the heart beat but found none. He assured her that early babies have this problem often. Julia was terrified but luckily at their next check up it was beating.
We have a cat named Oliver. He is a very nice cat to us. He is not so nice to other cats. Oliver travels the neighborhood and beats up other cats. He then comes home for Mom to fix his injuries.
Evan had a small, basic cell phone. He wanted to upgrade to a smartphone. He saved up his cash and bought a new smartphone. He had fun exploring all its features and additions. Evan was really glad he had upgraded to a smartphone!
Tom went to the library. He saw a pretty girl reading a book at a table. He sat down next to her. They started a conversation. The left the library together.
Rika was feeling nostalgic. She wanted to play volleyball like she did growing up. She rang her friend who used to play on the same team. They met up at a park that had a net. Rika and her friend had fun together playing like they used to.
Bret knew tie dye shirts were in style. He wanted one, but he just couldn't afford it. Then he asked his mom for help. His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye. She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores!
Jake is preparing for a difficult science test. He knows that the test will be hard. Jake spends the entire weekend in the library studying. He finally takes the test and gets a passing grade. Jake is happy that he prepared for the test.
Amber was always drinking at the river that summer. She would hide her beer from the people camping next to us. She took a canoe out on the river, but she was too drunk. She overturned it on a small waterfall. Her beer floated down the river with her swimming after it.
Jake spent all morning raking leaves. He put them in a big pile. Before he could bag him his little brother saw it. He jumped on the big pile. Jake was upset that leaves scattered everywhere.
Once there was an only child named Tom who was often bored. He spent most days sad that he had no one with whom to play. But then one day, a wonderful thing happened to him! A family with eight children moved in next door. The very friendly kids provided him with an abundance of playmates!
My science class took a field trip to the bio park today. Only about half of the students were allowed to go on the trip. My best friend Mark got left behind because he failed a math test. That doesn't seem fair to me because he is really good at science. I don't understand why teachers punish students who really try hard.
John was working on his computer. He got a Facebook message from a friend. John read the message. He then responded to the message. He then continued with his work.
Samantha was drenched in sweat. She woke up from a nightmare. She dreamed about a monster chasing her. She could not run away from the monster. Samantha was glad that it was just a dream.
When I woke up in the morning, I was exhausted. I couldn't think straight. When I got up I poured some coffee. It was delicious. After the coffee I got my energy back.
Megan thought Whitney needed to date. She and Whitney had plans for dinner. Right before dinner Megan called to tell Whitney to dress cute. When Whitney got to the restaurant, Megan had brought a friend. Whitney and the guy friend hit it off.
Bob was playing catch with his dog. Bob threw a tennis ball. The tennis ball landed in a pond. His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball. Afterwards, Bob had to dry his dog with a towel.
The family was having a party. They bought a giant pinata. They filled it with lots of candy and toys. The kids all hit the pinata until it burst. It was so fun to watch them collect the trinkets.
Alfred was an average student at school. He did poorly in one of his classes. When he got his report card he tried to hide it from his parents. Eventually his parents found out anyways. Alfred was grounded for lying and doing poorly.
I found a bright red beetle on my rug. I jumped because I thought it was poisonous. Then I decided to examine it more closely. It didn't move at all and had a strange texture to it. I realized it was a toy beetle and felt silly afterwards.
The man said he did not believe in religion. Someone tried to convince him. He listened to the arguments. They all seemed silly. The man declared he was an atheist for life.
May and Tim packed the car with camping equipment. They were going up the canyon with their family for three days. They played games to pass the time on the long car ride. By early afternoon, they were in the canyon admiring the fall colors. Unpacking the car was first priority upon arriving at the campsite.
Evan was ready to buy himself a bicycle. He went to the store and looked around. Then he selected the bike he liked best. He took it up to the counter and paid for it. Then he rode it home!
Tim was telling jokes to Jay. Tim made a joke about Jay. It hurt jay's feelings. Tim was sad. Tim apologized because he felt bad about the joke.
When Brian was in kindergarten he learned an important lesson. They were going as a class to a play. The teacher told them they had to use bathroom now or not at all later So Brian didn't go at that time but had to go during the play. So he thought the teacher wouldn't let him leave so he popped in pants
Michael wants to go to college. He wants to become an engineer. He knows college is very hard. He took a math test and he failed. Then he decided to become a chef.
A year ago, I decided I wanted to buy a house. I did a lot of research and attended a workshop for homebuyers. Then, I found a realtor. After looking at 15 houses, I found my dream home! Within 45 days, I closed on the house and became a homeowner.
Zach was addicted to gambling. He went to the casino this weekend and thought he would win. When he got to the casino he bet $300 on roulette. He lost the spin, and the rest of his $700. On the way back, he swore to his friend he would never go back there.
I have had a dog since I was five years old. My favorite breed is a Boxer, they are family oriented dogs. Last year, my Callie-Boo passed away from an enlarged heart. I told myself that I would not get another dog. Last week we adopted Maggie, a four-year-old from the Humane Society.
Ana toured a traditional Amish village. She saw a man struggling to build a barn. Then his friends and neighbors arrived. Ana watched as they all worked together to build the barn. She thought the barn raising was a lovely custom.
Melody had been given a gift card for her birthday. She could not decide if she should use it or sell it for cash. She really did not need the gift card for anything. She decided to hold on to the card. Later, she used the gift card to buy a gift for someone else.
Shane was car shopping. He fell in love with a fancy SUV. He cashed in some stock to buy it. His interest rate was very high. Shane didn't care how dumb it was.
Mary needed to buy baby food for her baby. She realized the grocery did not have any baby food. She goes to another grocery in hopes of finding baby food. She finally finds baby food in an aisle. Mary felt relieved and goes home to feed her baby.
In 2005, I went to a retirement party. It was held at the Brockton Rox stadium. I went partly because I like minor league baseball. The game went into extra innings but the Rox won. I did not get back to Boston until midnight.
Jim accepted a new job all the way across the country. He packed up his car and started driving south. Jim's car broke down in Kentucky, far short of his destination. The people he met were very friendly and welcoming. Jim found a better job in Kentucky and stayed there.
The man opened the fridge. It smelled bad. He looked for what was causing the smell. He found some rotten vegetables. He threw out the rotten vegetables.
Laura went to a gym this morning. She wanted to lose weight. She used a stepper. She stepped wrong. She broke her ankle.
Tim loved playing with building blocks. He built a toy building that was taller than he was. He needed a chair to reach the top. His baby sister cam and knocked it over. Tim was frustrated but happy about how he spent his day.
Isabelle was 1 1/2 years old. One morning, she went to the library with her mother. They looked at picture books. They sat in a room and listened to a librarian tell them stories. Isabelle enjoyed her time at the library.
Ava was doing laundry. She went through the pockets of her husband's pants. Then she pulled something out. It was a note from another woman! Ana angrily went to confront her cheating husband.
I was trying to get some sleep as a little girl. But all of the sudden I was awaken to flashing lights in my room. Apparently the neighbor's house was on fire. The entire house was in flames. Thankfully the fire department was trying to keep it down.
Anna was lactose intolerant, so she order a burger without cheese. The waitress brought her a cheeseburger. Anna told the waitress the order was wrong. She was quickly brought a new burger. This one had been made correctly!
When I was in high school I use to watch South Park. My parents didn't know what this show was about. This show was very politically incorrect. At first, my parents didn't like South Park. Eventually my parents end up liking it.
My former coworker G called from work. I had retired in 2012. G called just to check up on me. I appreciated the call. I think G is a good man.
It was the first day of summer break. All of the kids were chomping at the bit to go swimming. The local swimming hole was the perfect place. All of the kids gathered there and were swimming. It was a wonderful first day of summer break.
My son and I often bake cookies. One day, in the middle of a recipe I notice we were short one egg. My son suggested asking the neighbor for an egg. He went next door and got an egg. Thanks to her generosity, we were able to finish making the cookies.
Theresa was a very hard worker. She was promoted within a few months of starting her new job. Her new promotion came with a lot of responsibility. She worked harder and was chosen to be Employee of the Month. Theresa was very happy to receive such an honor.
Owen was moving from his house. He needed to pack his things. Owen got boxes from a local grocery store. Owen packed his things into the boxes. He moved his belongings from the house in the boxes.
The weather is starting to get warmer. We decided to have a camp fire yesterday. We figured it would be enough to keep us warm. All of a sudden big freezing winds hit. We had to give up and wait until later.
My body started to feel weak throughout the week. I was panting on ground since I got hit by the waist. The ball officials escorted me out of the field. However, I returned after 10 minutes. The audience cheered for me.
Allie worked for a biotech. She wanted a raise. So she decided to negotiate. They gave her a raise. Allie was so happy.
Tom moved into a house with stairs. He was older and had trouble moving around. He fell down once. He was unable to get up from the bottom of the stairs. They found his body not long after.
Maria walked on the escalators with her grandmother. Her grandmother couldn't keep her posture and slipped. She landed on several people. The medics came into the mall. They took several people to the hospital.
Doug was stopped on the side of the road with a flat tire. He had no idea how to change a tire. A pretty young girl hopped out of a car that had pulled over. Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him. He watched closely so he could do it next time.
The train left the station and headed to the city of Chester. When it arrived there was a big crowd to welcome the train. Once the first person stepped off the train the crowd cheered. One traveler asked a person in the crowd why the commotion. The crowd member told him that they just love trains in Chester.
Greg needed a new haircut for work. He went to a cheap barber shop he hadn't tried before. When the barber was done, Greg hated his new hair. He didn't want to be rude so he pretended to like it and paid. At home, he shaved all of his hair off.
We went on a trip to King's Mountain when I was in college. The scenery was beautiful. I climbed out on some rocks in the middle of a stream and sat down. When I looked at the rock to my left, a snake was sitting on it. I didn't sit enjoying the scenery much longer!
Joe moved to a new school. He was feeling lonely and unsure. A boy came up to him at lunch and asked if he wanted to sit by him. Joe was so relieved! His day was much better because of his new friend.
Jason likes to play baseball. One day he decided to invite his friend Sally to play. Sally swung the bat hard at the first pitch. The ball bounced off the bat and hit Jason in the leg. Jason doesn't invite Sally to play anymore.
Moses was in his front yard mowing the lawn. A stranger on the street approached Moses. The stranger asked Moses for $5. Moses, not having any money, denied the stranger money. After staring for a few minutes, the stranger finally went away.
Last week I went to the bank. The teller was cute and I was shy to flirt with her. She smiled and seemed nice. Once she saw my account she avoided eye contact. I haven't gone back to that location since.
Kev was playing in the park one day. Then he got stung by a bee! To his shock his whole body swelled up with hives. Kev had to be rushed to the hospital. That was how he found that he was allergic to bees!
Rick went jogging for several miles. And when he got home, he tossed his clothes on the floor. The next day, his entire house smelled terrible. And he couldn't figure out what the cause was. After Rick did his laundry, he realized that the smell was gone.
There's a lot of road work going on here. Thus, we have to reduce our speed. One gentleman didn't get the memo. He flew by me at a dangerous pace. I hope he made it home safe.
Elliot enjoyed nature. Elliot decided to take a weekend trip to the mountains. Elliot packed his bags. He saw amazing scenery. He had a great time in the mountains.
The doctor came into the room. He told Tina that she has diabetes. She froze up and was trembling with fear. A few minutes later, the scribe talked to the doctor. He said that Tina's lab results were mixed up.
My family went to go visit my grandmother during the holidays. My sister and I went to go check on her in her bedroom. My grandmother was on the ground unconscious. She was then rushed to the hospital. We later figured out that she had cancer.
Jack knew his new songs were very good. He went to the city and started selling it. Most people did not care. He found one person in a suit who was willing to pay. The person gave him $1000 for the cd.
Tom was filling up balloons for a birthday party. He had several already filled. When filling the latest one a friend snuck up behind him. The friend popped a balloon right by Tom's ear. Tom freaked out and screamed as his friend laughed.
Bella was pretty ugly and chubby. She hated her name and how people thought she should be pretty. She intentionally made herself uglier by not washing her hair. But people kept thinking that she should be pretty anyway. She changed her name to Gertrude and everyone left her alone.
Chunk was the fattest kid in school and everyone hated him. Chunk even hated himself. Chunk got a weird cancer and became weirdly thin. All the kids made fun of him for being so skinny. Chunk decided that people were far worse than cancer.
I was unhappy with my weight. I decided I needed to live healthier. I went to the store and bought a week's worth of meals. I prepared them all that day to have easy access thru the week. I have lost 15 pounds by doing this for the last 4 weeks.
Jeff just purchased a new sweater from the outlet store. He quickly fled to the front entrance after making the purchase. However, the bottom of it got caught in a needle. The needle tore a large hole into the sweater within minutes. Jeff was sad, especially since he couldn't get a refund.
I adopted a homeless family for Christmas. They have 2 boys and a girl. I had so much fun Christmas shopping for their presents. I wrapped them up in pretty paper. The kids loved their presents on Christmas morning!
Lola was writing her first novel. Her computer crashed and she lost all of her data. Lola was worried she would have to start over. She remembered she made a backup last week. Lola was happy to have recovered her work.
Ronald loved nature. He was hiking when he spotted a bear. It was such an amazing creature! He watched as the bear splashed in the creek. He took lots of pictures from afar, so as not to bother it.
Glen and his girlfriend met up at her request for lunch. She told Glenn that she didn't love him anymore and wanted to breakup. Glen complied and went home very upset. He began to cry very hard for hours until his friend called. After the call, his friend picked Gwen up to go party.
Heather went outside to check her vegetable garden. She knew she had a large cucumber plant that was taking over. Heather looked thru the garden to make sure vegetables were ready. She realized she had not only cucumbers, but tomatoes ready. Heather picked the vegetables, brought them in the house to eat them.
I had an Idea for years. I never had the money to pattern my idea. I finally saved the money. I had my idea pattern. Someone has already used my idea.
Tiffany was tasked with making cookies for a banquet. She began making her famous chocolate chip cookies. She got distracted by a phone call. Her cookies got burned. She had to remake a batch from scratch.
Tom had a busy life. He worked every day. He came home stressed and angry. His friends said he needed a day for himself to relax. After Tom decided to relax for a day, he felt much better.
Susan really loves her art. She gets excited over it. To the point where last week she broke her paintbrush. She had to buy a new one. Now she takes better care of it but is still excited.
Melody didn't like music despite her name. Her parents forced her to sing and play piano but she hated it. What she wanted was to play some sports at school. One night, she gathered her courage and talked to her parents. Now, she can play sports at school and not play any music anymore.
The weather forecast showed a hurricane brewing in the ocean. The Smiths had a beach house right on the coastline. They decided to start preparing for the worst. As the weather got worse, they evacuated. Luckily, the storm passed their area and all was safe.
Tom and Marc are hungry. Tom has no money but marc does. Marc offers to buy Tom skyline chilli if he pays him back. Tom gets paid on friday and agrees to the loan. Tom and Marc get chili cheese dogs from skyline chili.
Will wanted to join his high school basketball team. Will spent all Summer practicing drills at his local gym. Will also watched videos about basketball strategy. Will tried out for the squad at the start of the new school year. Will made the team!
Wade was trying to join the army. He was going in to take his fitness test. Wade had a history of asthma. He had trouble breathing during the physical activity. Wade wasn't able to join.
While my mom and dad were washing dishes, my dad sprayed her. My mom screeched. She chased my dad outside with a cup of water. My dad then sprayed her with the water hose. My sister and I ran outside to join the water fight.
My father was in a car accident this morning. It wasn't a serious accident, but he was scared. Two courteous police officers asked him questions about the event. He called his insurance to cover for the damages. Everything turned alright in the end.
Ed was exploring hunting paths in the woods behind his house. They were very complex. He did not want to get lost. he took lengths of rope and tied markers to the trees as he passed. Then Ed safely traced his way back home.
Charles wanted to play basketball throughout high school. He didn't make the freshman team. But he was a benchwarmer for the sophomore team. He practiced hard and attended all of the games. When the starting forward was hurt, Charles was the starter.
Shelly's dad moved to Alabama when she was young. She hasn't seen him in several years. He called her the other night to talk to her. She was happy until she heard the news he had. His kidneys are failing and he only has six months to live.
Randy was eating his lunch. An overweight girl came into the cafeteria. He looked at her with a weird face expression. As soon as I asked him if everything is alright, he ran. I saw him puking inside of a garbage can.
They could not find her husband so they called me. Unsure of what to do I put on the blue scrubs for protection. I rushed into the emergency room where she was waiting. I prayed while I held the mother to be hand. I'm now the proud Uncle of a new nephew.
Nina went mountain hiking. She made it halfway up the mountain. The sky began to get dark as dusk set in. Suddenly she noticed the beautiful sunset. Nina felt inspired and encouraged to continue on the hike.
Tim and Stan worked in an ice warehouse. The wanted to see who could sit on ice the longest. The sat down and instantly felt cold. Stan felt much more cold. Time won the contest after Stan gave up quickly.
Nora's mom remarried. At first Nira was determined not to like her new stepdad. But over time, she softened towards him. They started to like each other. Before long, Nora was even calling him Dad!
David is riding his bike. It begins to rain. David tries to get home. The rain causes him to fall from his bike. He breaks his arm falling off the bike.
Anthony Jamtano was proud of his teeth. So proud, in fact, that he thought they deserved an award. He went about, annoying everyone about how his teeth were the best. To the point where a man became angry with him, and hit him. Now Anthony eats with a straw.
When I was seven I was accused of stealing my father's glasses. I kept telling my parents that I didn't. They did not believe me. Eventually, the glasses were found on a table where my dad left them. He never apologized for blaming me which makes me mad to this day.
Jill was excited that her cat was going to have kittens. After waiting weeks, Jill heard the sound of a mewling kitten. She found the kitten abandoned in a corner. Jill saw the mama cat licking her paws nonchalantly. Jill scooped up the kitten, thinking she'd have to be its mother.
Andy decided to have fun for April Fools Day. Andy decided to prank call his friend about winning the lottery. Andy called, and when he answered Andy gave him the good news. Andy's friend was beaming with joy, until Andy told him it was a joke. Andy found it funny that he pulled a prank on his friend.
Mavis turned up her music really loud. Her neighbors were having an argument outside. No matter how loud she turned up the music she could hear them. Mavis beat on the walls telling them to shut up. They told her she didn't have to be so rude.
My wife and I decided we needed to set up a budget. We sat down with our bills and came up with a plan. It worked like a charm for 3 days. Suddenly we realized we hadn't put gas or food into our budget. Our budget went out the window and we started over again.
Fred was watching his daughter, Kate's, ballet performance. But he was quickly getting bored. Eventually, he fell asleep. Kate saw her dad sleep and felt sad. She decided to never do ballet again.
Our granddaughter Ella lives in NYC, while we are in Boston. Her mom sends videos to update us. Today she sent a video of Ella saying the alphabet. She got some of it right. We were very amused.
Rachel wanted to learn how to bike. Her mother said she could but had to use training wheels. Rachel went around the block just fine with the training wheels. Finally she got to take the wheels off. Rachel felt so free.
Jane was out of town. She called her husband to check on her sick son. She was shocked to hear he threw up on the couch. Her husband felt overwhelmed. Jane caller her mother to go help her husband.
My parents planted a maple tree on the day that I was born. Every time they saw the tree growing taller, they thought of me. By the time I left for college, the tree was taller than their house. But the maple tree was rotted from disease. My parents cried as they cut their beloved tree down.
The court date was set for earlier this month. I called my lawyer and asked for representation. She told me she would be there. We discussed the situation, and she represented me well. I won the case, and the debt was dropped.
My grandmother went outside at night. She was trying to set up several decorations. A car suddenly appeared and tried to move across the neighborhood. However, the driver didn't see my grandmother. He ended up hitting her back and she fell.
Ciel lived a happy life in a mansion with his family. One day, someone burned the mansion down and his family perished. Ciel was sad, but he was determined to find out who was responsible. He hired a detective to find out who committed the crime. The detective found the culprit and Ciel found closure.
The family planned on going to South America. They couldn't wait to explore the jungle! They saw monkeys and snakes and birds. They learned a lot about nature. It had been an amazing trip.
Ella loved to color with crayons. One day, Ella found a rogue crayon under a chair. She decided to surprise Mom with a drawing on the glass doors. Mommy walked into the room before Ella was finished. Mommy's gasp at the immensity of the drawing surprised Ella.
Landon went to start his car. It wouldn't crank up. Landon noticed his lights were accidently left on. He realized his battery was dead. Landon got a charger to charge up his battery.
It had been ten years since Joyce graduated from college. She went to the reunion alone because she and her boyfriend had split. She was talking to some old friends when she heard a familiar voice. It was her high school boyfriend who she hadn't seen in ten years. They spent the evening talking, deciding to meet up the next day.
The family signed up for sailing lessons. Only the dad wanted to go. The day of the lessons came. The whole family said they were sick. The dad went alone.
Two brothers went walking on the beach. They picked up a shell in the sand. The youngest brother put it in his pocket. He then felt a tickling feeling in his pocket. He took out the shell and found a crab inside.
Shelly is a 12 year old girl. She gets a note from a boy one day. The boy asks her if she wants to go on a date. Shelly asks her parents for permission. They agree to let her go on her first date.
Sam was supposed to meet friends for dinner. When he arrived nobody else was there. He got a table and waited. Nobody got there for a while. Sam realized he had gotten the wrong time.
Eliza had a bit of change. She decided to buy some food with it. At the checkout stand, she was about to pay. She couldn't find all of the change in her bag. Someone offered to pay for her instead.
Jerry was in the car with his mom and brothers. They were on a long drive. He was watching a movie when his headphones broke. He begged his mom to stop for new ones. Luckily, she agreed to stop and buy him some new ones.
My family was moving to a new city. My siblings were nervous about the new home. We were curious about the new kids in town. When we showed up people greeted us. They were very nice, and things went well.
Ivy fell in love with a great guy. She was falling in love with him quickly. She wanted her family's opinion of him. Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner. Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms.
Josh wanted to ask out the girl in his chemistry class. He wasn't sure how to ask her out. He asked his sister who told him to give the girl a rose. Bill wrote a letter and sent it to the girl with a rose. The girl was surprised and decided to date Josh.
Fran was going to a family reunion. She was worried about her children forgetting something they'd need. She kept nagging at them and checking with them repeatedly. Finally, they drove several hours to where the reunion was being held. Fran forgot to bring the old home movies she'd promised to show.
When ray opened his cabinet the knob fell off. He decided to look up how to fix it. He went to the store and shopped around for a new knob. He finally found the right one. When he got home he fixed in a few hours.
Bryan parked in the parking lot. He didn't have a sticker for it. He parked at the meter. He came back later and checked his car. He had a ticket for ten dollars.
Brad, Sally, and Mike were playing poker. Mike was winning almost every hand. Sally thought he might be cheating. She then began observing him fiddling with his sleeve. She pulled up his sleeve and he had the ace of spades.
Kelly was so excited to go to SUR restaurant for the first time She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them. When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly. While she was eating her meal, Kelly was happy how great the food was. At the end of the night, she was thrilled she ate there.
Andy had been saving money in a piggy bank for his daughter. Andy decided to count the change and put it in the bank. However, there was a small problem, the piggy bank was missing. Andy looked all over for the piggy bank, but could not find it. Andy was furious that the piggy bank went missing.
Ada saw the bullies beating up the new boy. When they left, she approached him. She offered him a hand, and he took it. They began talking while he cleaned up. Soon Ada and the new boy had become great friends.
Yesterday Tina went to the store. She picked up some ice bars. They were lime. However an hour after eating them her tongue was bleeding. She had to put ice on it.
Kia's parents let her stay up late to watch a movie. The movie featured dinosaurs, and it was very scary. That night she had a nightmare about dinosaurs. Kia decided not to watch any more late-night horror movies. She didn't want to have any more nightmares!
Lea was having a panic attack in her apartment. She went to the bathroom to take some pills. But the bottle was empty. She sat on her couch, curled in a ball, hoping it'd go away. But the more she thought about it, the worse it became.
Logan was skateboarding in his neighborhood with his friends. They dared him to do a trick on his board. Feeling cocky, he tried a trick he'd never done before. He didn't land it right and hurt his ankle. He couldn't skate for the rest of the month.
Bill was having a great time at the bar. Downing shot after shot. He than began to get nasty and rude. He even tried to make sexual advances to women. He was thrown out of the bar by the bouncers.
Kimberley had a very big drawer. In fact, she opened it every day. One day, the drawer would not open. Kimberly even used all of her strengths. Finally, Kimberley had to call her mom who opened it for her.
Ken wants to get his wife a special gift for Christmas. He finds the perfect gift for his wife. He rushes to the store because they are low on stock. He arrives at the store and is told bad news. They sold out before he could buy his wife the gift.
I needed a new car. I couldn't afford one. The bank would not give me a loan. I decided to use a loan shark. I was able to buy a car with the loan shark's help!
Wendy had a neighbor named Ted. Wendy always thought that Ted was creepy. One day, she caught him spying on her through her window. She then put up security cameras around the outside of her house. This deterred Ted enough that he stopped spying on her.
Kadriana invited her friend over for a play date. She and her friend played outside on the water table. They also swung on the swings, and slid down the slide. They got hungry, so Kadriana's mom made lunch. After the play date, Kadriana's mom took her friend home.
Sam wanted to steal candy. He was afraid of getting caught. At the last minute he got scared. He dropped the candy. Sam literally ran out the door and never returned.
Kate was working on her computer. She was typing fast and hard. All of a sudden the space bar stuck. She was unable to get it unstuck. Kate knew it was time for a new keyboard.
I was craving tacos really badly. After work, I picked up the ingredients and went home. When I got home, I began preparing the meal. After an hour of work, my tacos were done. I sat down, watched tv and enjoyed the tacos.
Cindy had a lot of calls to make. She plugged her phone in so it would be ready. When she picked it up to dial, she noticed that it was dead! Her charger had stopped working. Cindy's day was ruined!
Evan and April went to church together and sang in the choir. After many times singing together, they decided to go on a date. They found they liked many of the same things apart from singing. They continued to see each other, and eventually moved in together. It was no surprise to anyone when they got married in the spring!
Diane realizes that she spends almost every Sunday at home alone. She wishes she had something to do on Sundays. One Sunday she decides to go to the library to read. She reads a book about The Civil War. Diane is happy that she has spent a Sunday away from home.
Charles hated being homeless. It was hard to sleep in his car plus the police always woke him up. After class earlier today, he went to his car with no place to go. In the evening Charles got drunk and a storm started. While Charles watched the lightning, a cop showed up.
Annabeth wants to buy some apple in the market. When she is the market,she decided to buy some oranges as well. But she noticed her money was not enough for the apple and oranges. Luckily,her friend saw her and lend her money. So annabeth got home with her apple and oranges.
Adam went to the store to buy his groceries. He dropped his money in the parking lot. One of the store workers found the money. The worker followed Adam in and returned the money. Adam thanked the worker with a tip.
John decided that he would try to learn how to jump higher. He found a basketball trainer in his town that would help him. After 4 weeks of training he improved his jump height by 4 inches. After 3 months he improved his jump height by 8 inches. After 3 months he ended up winning a dunking tournament.
Martin turned off his alarm and went back to bed. Two hours later, he woke up. He realized he was very late for work. He tried to sneak in hoping no one would notice. His boss was standing at the door waiting for him.
Karl joined the Army. After training, Karl went overseas. He was not prepared to fight a war. Karl finally got to go home. He decided to not reenlist.
I went out drinking with friends. We all took an Uber to get to the bar. Another friend showed up later with his car. We all drank and had a good time. The late shower tried to give us a ride home and ended up with a dui.
Tina went on the tower of terror ride. Unexpectedly she dropped to the ground. When they rose up it was the strangest feeling. Tina was creeped out. She never wanted to go back.
Ken's family descended from Scotland. He was very proud of this heritage. He had collected very fancy traditional cloths and artifacts. He entered a contest for best full kilt wardrobe. Ken won the competition for having the best and most kilts.
Sam wanted to watch television. He couldn't find the remote to turn it on. He looked in a lot of places. Eventually he looked in the kitchen and found it on the counter. Sam didn't know how it got there but was glad he found it.
Max had worked a double shift at his job. He was extremely tired when he got home. Max skipped dinner and took a shower. After the shower, he went straight to bed. Max woke up in the morning very hungry.
Randy was eating his favorite steak. While eating he felt a pain in his chest. He grabbed his chest and fell to the floor. His kids came over to check on him. They rushed Randy to the hospital where he made a full recovery.
Tom didn't have a lot of pants. He decided to buy a new pair. He went to different stores. Tom tried various pairs. He never found any he liked that much.
My roommate last year was horrible to live with. He was loud and inconsiderate. I eventually snapped at him and we got in an argument. The argument was resolved with a compromise. I'm glad I expressed my feelings.
Lily went to the store to buy some bathroom towels. She bought a back massager for herself on a whim. She'd never used one before but the clerk said she'd love it. When Lily got home she ignored the new towels and tried it. She did enjoy it, so she called the clerk to tell him he was right.
Ann went to the fair. She went on a small ride. But it was still too much for her. Ann ended up getting sick. She was embarrassed that she got sick.
Tom was at a small gathering. Someone bought chips. Tom didn't realize they were so spicy. He ate a handful without knowing. Tom wound up crying and having to drink a lot.
Kate worked hard to get a championship match. her opponent was tough and experienced. Neither liked each other. Both trash talked up to the fight. Eventually Kate won in a hard fought battle.
Susy bought some bean dip. She wanted to try it. It looked good. But she couldn't open it. Finally an hour later she did.
Marcel bought himself a new sweater. He wore the sweater to a date with a friend. His friend spilled coffee on Marcel's sweater. Marcel got upset at his friend. His friend bought him a new sweater.
Tyler is walking home. Tyler sees a baby hanging out of the window. The baby falls. Tyler runs and dives to catch the baby. Tyler catches the baby and saves his life.
Fred was on the farm milking the cows. He milked dozens of cows that morning. He packed the milk in cartons and sold them to the store. The store was relieved because they were out of milk. Fred went back home to his farm to sleep for another day.
Erica didn't have a lot of money. She had been writing bad checks at the local grocery store. All the clerks at the store were aware of her checks. Erica went to shop at the store. The clerk didn't allow her to write a check.
I am starting my son in preschool in September. I am a little nervous for him to go. He has been with me since he was born. I am only starting with half a day. I hope he adjusts well.
Tim woke up early and wanted to have breakfast. He grabbed the cereal box and poured some in a bowl. He went to the fridge and poured milk on his cereal. He took a bite of his cereal and spit it out. The milk was spoiled so he ate a granola bar instead.
June was trying to download an app on her phone. She couldn't because she had no space. She investigated and tried her best to clear up some space. She even deleted an app she really liked. Finally she was able to get the app she really wanted.
George had a pet snake at school. He would feed the snake every day, except on weekends. One weekend, George went to school to do some work. He saw that the snake was not in its cage. He searched for hours, but never found the snake.
Tim invited John over to his house. Tim and John played video games together. They later at lunch then played outside. John's mother picked him up and they left. Tim went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system.
Burt hated Christmas. He didn't like the atmosphere or the happy people. One day a child ran his doorbell. He opened the door and she sang him a carol. Scrooge like Christmas that year.
Holly loved reading. Recently she picked up the harry potter books. She was surprised that she did not read it sooner. She was so engrossed she did not eat all day. She finished the first 3 books in one day.
Mike went to work at his new job for the first time. When he arrived, he noticed that the business atmosphere was strict. Mike sat at his desk and then his manager met up with him. Mike decided that his new job atmosphere was too uncomfortable. Mike decided to quit his job and then drove back home.
Charles was invited to play poker with friends. He had never played before. He learned as he played and kept winning. He did well by the end of the night. Charles decided to play with them again.
The fox ran through the yard. The dog chased after the fox. The fox ran very fast. The fox reached the fence. The fox escaped the dog.
My dog ran away one day. I called after her, but she wouldn't return. I drove around looking for her. One day, I almost gave up trying to find her. Then I found her on my doorstep, happy to see me.
This morning, James woke up at 7 o'clock. He was very excited for his first day at a new job. James put on his uniform and headed out the door. During the drive, he was tired but nervous about his first day. When he arrived at work, he realized his shirt was on backwards.
Kellie always loved elephants as a child. At age ten, the circus came to her town, and her mom took her. After the show, there was an extra surprise for Kellie. Her mom had arranged for Kellie to ride one of the elephants! Kellie was so thrilled and joyful, she screamed out loud!
Mary is twenty four years old. She is divorced and the mother of three small children. Mary has a very bad heroin habit that causes her to neglect her kids. One day, child protective services visited Mary's home. After their visit, Mary's children were removed from the home.
Amy and Kim went over Lynn's house. They hadn't called ahead. When they arrived there were no cars in the driveway. No one was home. Just as they were leaving, Lynn and her family returned.
I was in Alabama. My grandmother suggested I try some chicken and waffles. I agreed and went to a local cafe. I ordered a plate of chicken and waffles with extra gravy. It was the most delicious meal I had ever consumed!
Elliot was in line at the bank to deposit a check. All of a sudden, the man next to him pulled out a gun. The robber started grabbing money from the tills. Before the bank robber could get away, the police had already arrived. The robber was arrested and Elliot was able to deposit his check.
Dave had a favorite white shirt. He got it at a bicycle race. The shirt needed to be washed. Dave put his red and white clothes together in the washing machine. His white shirt is now pink.
Tom was relaxing in his backyard. He was watching the birds on his porch. All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head. Tom ran inside his house to clean up the mess. Tom decided to watch the birds from the safety of his home after.
Paris was having a cook-out with her friends. She was lighting a fire so that they could have some s'mores. Suddenly, the flames doubled in size. She had spilled too much fluid. The fire burned out of control and she had to call 911.
I needed a new bracelet but didn't feel like buying a new one. I decided to therefore make a bracelet myself. I got some string together. I also got some beads. When I was done with my bracelet it looked perfect.
The Smith family gathered together every Christmas. The grandfather always prepared the gatherings. Nearing the holiday, Grandfather became ill. He worried nobody would come as he hadn't planned it this time. Come Christmas, everyone arrived as per usual.
The new kid was strange. He wore black all of the time and seemed menacing. Nobody wanted to mess with him He ended up transferring soon after. It turns out he was shy and a kind kid.
Gerald played the drums but he didn't play in time. His music instructor tried working with him but to no avail. Finally his instructor had a solution. He convinced Gerald to give up music and take up chess. Gerald has been happy ever since.
Stephen woke up to a cold morning. He walked outside. There was ice on the ground. A old woman was about to step on the ice. Stephen saved her from the fall.
Dori met a man named Charles and immediately fell in love. Charles also fell in love with Dori. Charles thinks about her day and night. He sends her flowers all the time and can't wait to see her. Charles bought an engagement ring for Dori today.
Miles was sitting in the car with his brother. Her parents were chatting and it quickly escalated into a fight. Miles and his brother were upset and uncomfortable. At first no one noticed but then his mom saw him frowning. She stopped and apologized, promising not to fight in front of him.
Gina and her friends didn't invite Ruth to functions. They didn't want her to bring Jane with. Ruth realized they were snubbing her and stopped coming around. Gina could tell Ruth was mad with them. But she didn't want Ruth forcing Jane into their group anymore.
Tom was watching television when the power went out. He called the power company to complain. They told him a driver hit an electrical poll. Tom understood the situation and waited for them to fix it. He had his power back on within a day.
Rebecca had a brand new trampoline! She invited all of her friends over to have a trampoline party. Five people came to the party. They all had a blast jumping on the trampoline. One of them fell off, hit his head, and died.
Emil was driving and he ran over a plastic bag. At the intersection he smelled smoke. Emil pulled over and saw the bag on fire. The bag damaged the exhaust system. Emil will never run over plastic bags again.
Tim was in line for coffee. Suddenly he heard the woman in front of him speaking. She was telling the cashier she'd forgotten her wallet! Tim stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee. With a smile, she graciously accepted his offer.
Tim was on the basketball team at his high school. His shoes were old and affecting his performance on the court. He asked his mom to buy him new shoes. His mother bought new shoes for him. Tim used the new shoes to lead his team to become champions.
Jenny was excited about cheer tryouts. All her life she had wanted to be a cheerleader. She had been practicing and going to the gym. When tryouts rolled around, she was ready. The results were posted and Jenny made the squad.
My iPad case was getting worn out. It was disappointing because I loved that case. Thankfully I found a better case online. When it came to my door it was great. I am thankful I have a new one.
Jackie had her own radio show. She would have guests talking about current affairs. Once, she had Lembit Opik on her show. He talked a lot. Jackie was unable to ask the right questions because of his talking.
Bill saw his neighbor's cat in his tree. He brought it to the attention of his neighbor. Bill used his ladder to climb the tree. It was a struggle for Bill to climb the tree. Bill eventually rescued the cat.
Miranda had a long exam. It was six hours. She started getting tired. She was worried about it. Finally she finished.
Rebecca was driving to work. She was driving as fast as she could. To her dismay she got a flat tire. She was stuck at the end of the road. Rebecca had to call for help.
The library was closing. Gina grabbed the book she'd been reading so she could check it out. The librarian wouldn't let her because she had an overdue book. Gina wasn't done reading that one yet. She had to leave her new book and go home empty handed.
Molly had a job interview yesterday. While waiting for the interview, she realized that she made a mistake. She was supposed to meet a friend for lunch at the same time. She called to cancel lunch with her friend. Her friend understood and they made plans for another day.
Ben wanted to wear contacts instead of glasses. He asked his mom if he could try wearing them. She agreed to get him a trial pair. At first it was hard to insert them, but Ben persevered. Soon he could insert them and wear them comfortably all day!
Billy and his sister, Candy, were in the backyard playing baseball. Their mother called them inside for dinner. Billy pushed Candy into the house. Candy tripped and hit a table. A vase fell off the table and shattered on the floor.
Will woke up with a pain in his left leg. The pain only worsened as the day went along. Will dropped by the doctor's after work. There he learned that he had a blood clot in his leg. Going to the doctor may have saved Will's life!
John was a quiet man who did not like public speaking. He avoided situations where he'd be asked to talk to groups of people. He was selected to give an address at a convention about his work. John was an animal rescuer and he loved working with the animals. He was amazed to find it was easy to talk about what he loved.
Kevin had always enjoyed spending time with children. He also really liked baseball. He decided once to volunteer as a little league baseball coach. He taught the kids all the skills they needed to know. His team ended up winning the championship that year.
Eric had a big meeting. He wasn't feeling well. Eric called his boss to tell him he couldn't come in. His boss got another colleague to meet with the client. Eric lost his client.
Carter made a racy campaign poster at his school. He hung up the poser in the cafeteria. Other students complained about the poster. The principle of the school took down the poster. Carter made a less controversial poster to replace it.
Jenny's son was navigating through the television. He ran across several channels. The last channel he went on had pornography. Jenny saw this channel and quickly changed it. She yelled at her son.
Georgina brought home a black man to her big home in Jackson, MS. Her parents were shocked, because they were racists. Georgina said she was going to marry Freddy, her boyfriend. Her father slapped her and banished her from the home. Georgina and Freddy moved to Canada and were happy.
The johnstons were excited for Easter. Every Easter they have a family Easter egg hunt. The family gets together and hunts for eggs in the backyard. This year they painted the eggs red and yellow. It ended up taking the kids two hours to find all the eggs.
Paul the fireman hopped out of his car and grabbed an ax. He hacked away at the trees at the perimeter of the flames. He became so tired that he had to take a quick break from work. Paul pushed himself to keep hacking. He contained half of the fire before he couldn't go on.
We took our kids out to dinner. The waitress took the orders and delivered them. She said my selection was unavailable. I asked manager why she did not tell me earlier. He apologized and rushed the best steak over.
I had to perform a lab with my friends today. They were completely confused about the procedure. Consequently, I ended up doing most of the work. I had to set up the equipment and prepare the chemicals. The situation was worse when they broke a beaker, slowing me down.
A hungry man walked up to a vending machine. He searched his pockets for change. He did not find any cash. The man punched the vending machine in frustration. The punch broke the glass and he took food.
Henry had a friend over. She was ready to go home. It was dark so he walked her home. They had to go down three streets. Then, he said goodbye to her at her door.
Bryan was bored during the summer and watched videos on youtube. Bryan saw a woodcarving video and decided to try it. Bryan wasn't very good, but he decided to practice hard. He watched a lot of videos and read books. By the end of the summer, he was a competent woodcarver.
Arnold wanted to make funny cartoons. He wasn't very good at drawing. He decided to learn how to animate video game models. He practiced really hard at making his animation look good. His first finished movie was very popular.
Anne had won a thousand dollars. SHe'd entered a costume contest at her school. Her Halloween costume had blown everyone else's away. Anne took pictures of herself wearing it. SHe couldn't wait to show all her friends!
Jason was a very musically talented person. He loved to write music as a hobby. He has applied for a music scholarship to attend college. He got an envelope from the college in the mail today. He opened it and smiled because he was granted the scholarship!
My daughter is 14 weeks pregnant. Today she showed off her baby bump. She is just beginning to show. We texted her our congratulations, as this will be our 2nd grandkid. My wife wanted to put the photo on FB, but was asked not to.
Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress. She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame. She had never told anyone why she left it all behind. Decades later she wasn't even sure she could remember, herself. Sirene lied to the autograph seeker and feigned ignorance.
I was always taller than the other girls. By my 16th birthday I was almost 6 feet tall. I wanted a car that day, and I got one. It was a small green Del Sol. When I got in I felt like I barely fit.
Chris woke up and wanted a bowl of cereal. He grabbed a bowl and spoon out of the cabinet. He poured his bowl of cereal. Then Chris went to the refrigerator for milk but it was all gone. I told Chris just to put water on it.
Gerald went to the mountains with his friends. They rented a cabin where they would all sleep. They had  a lot of fun and had a few parties in it. On the last day, the noticed that the cabin was dirty. Gerald and his friends were forced to clean it.
Gina was in her room listening to music. A song played she heard a boy listening to. She ran to the radio and pushed record on her tape deck. She was recording over another song. This was more important, so she didn't care.
Miranda wanted to buy her mom a Christmas gift. She decided to sell some of her toys. She sat at the end of her street all day. Surprisingly, her toys all sold! She was able to buy her mom a new book.
Anna refused to drop her panties for the man. The sports federation required proof she was a woman. Anna thought it was humiliating, and not only refused, but sued, too. She won her case and didn't have to show random men her private parts. Anna was able to focus on her soccer games without interference.
Amy and her friend Kim sat swinging in the porch swing. Amy filled Kim in about the volleyball game. She was no longer embarrassed she hadn't played. Kim was just proud of Amy for making the team. The girls hugged and Amy felt better about the whole situation.
Tim was experiencing his first day of college. His home room professor used a bunch of huge words. Tim began to feel like he wasn't cut out for this. Then he saw his friend from high school. Together, they helped each other with whatever they needed.
Parker loved to eat cheese. One day, he decided to eat a lot. He ate so much that he had none left in his house. Finally, Parker was forced to buy more cheese at the store. Then, Parker was able to eat more cheese in peace.
Laura was excited for her next paycheck. There were a lot of things she wanted to buy. It was gone almost as soon as she got it. She spent it all on things she wanted. Now she had to wait another two weeks to get the things she needs.
Jon went to Rome for a vacation. There were people selling purses on the street. He decided to buy one for his wife. He gave his wife the purse. His wife got angry because she figured out it was a fake purse.
Steven went camping, wanting to build his own shelter and live simply. He brought the essentials, and a knife that he had put away for years. Once he found a suitable spot, he began preparing his homemade tent. He pulled out the rope, and soon realized his knife couldn't cut it! He had to sleep in the open, regretting not being more prepared.
Will wanted to take his family away for a weekend. He took them down to the coast, renting a beach house. When they arrived at the beach it was very cloudy and grey. As soon as they checked in to the rental house it began pouring rain. Will later learned a tropical storm would ruin their weekend!
Ali had heated up her lunch. She had steamed broccoli with her meal. The broccoli stunk up Ali's home. She decided to light a few candles. The smell soon went away.
Anna walked in the house and smelled something terrible. She could not figure out what it was. She searched everywhere. She finally looked in her brother's bag. It was his smelly socks.
Sal and Betty were on a boat in a swamp. The water was thick and cold. Gators and snakes were in the water too. Betty wanted to go back and get out of the water. Sal refused and paddled forward, and they were never seen again.
Everyone was relaxing inside of the house. All of a sudden, the electricity went out. I called our electricity provider to seek help. They reminded me that last month's bill was unpaid for. Since Terry pays for it, I yelled at her.
A customer ordered a cheesesteak from a waiter with American cheese. The waiter forget to tell the cook to use American instead of cheddar. When the waiter realized the mistake it was too late. He told the cook to put on some American cheese to fool the customer. The cook refused and made a new sandwich.
We were standing outside our building on a summer night. We had young children. They looked up and pointed to the sky. We saw two bats flying around. We went inside.
I bike to work every day. One day I found a wallet. It had a name on it. I called the owner and arranged for him to pick up the wallet. He gave me a $100 tip.
Jake was taking a shower. He dropped some shampoo on the tub. Jake accidentally stepped on it and slipped. He hit his head on the way down. Jake bled out in minutes.
Tad had recently joined a theater group in college. He always wanted to act but decided to work backstage instead. During one play, the lead actor sprained an ankle and couldn't perform Tad, who had memorized the part by heart, auditioned for the lead. Tad passed the audition and finally got a chance to act in a play.
Jim got a drum set for Christmas. He realized he didn't own any drumsticks to play with. Jim biked to the store to buy a pair of drumsticks. The store was closed because it was Christmas day. Jim decided to play with unsharpened pencils instead.
Bath and Body Works was full on Black Friday. Amy was working as a cashier when she was 2 kids running in the store. Amy asked 1 kid to stop running, but another knocked over a display. Body spray spilled all over the floor in the store. After cleaning the store smelled so strong it gave Amy a headache.
Kristi loved to go hiking in the mountains. One day she was alone on the trail when she heard a low growl. Slowly turning around she saw a mountain lion crouching down. Kristi had been a girl scout so she knew what to do. Hands in her pockets, she lifted her arms high to seem bigger.
Nick loved to drive very fast on the roads near his home. One evening he was driving in foggy weather. A deer jumped out in front of his car. Nick hit the deer with his car. From that day forward, Nick decided not to drive so fast.
We watched the structure heave back and forth from behind the truck. Small puffs of black smoke seeped out and crept back in. Four Mile fire chief, Lance, walked up to the door without any PPE. He pressed the back of his hand against the door and then opened it. We were collectively relieved his luck had held today.
Heather was at the lake with her friends. She was being pulled on a tube over the water. Suddenly the tubes cover began to peel off. Heather realized that the cover was going to wrap her up. She quickly jumped off the tube to save herself.
Timmy was running fast to class. He was late for the exam and the teacher wouldn't let him in. So he went to the principal's office to complain. The principal said that's what you get for being late. Timmy later found out that the exam was to be on time, he failed.
Ava had a miscarriage. She had to be hospitalized. They monitored her temperature for a few days. After a while, they pronounced her healthy. Ava was glad to get to go home finally!
Sam was at a barbecue. They were grilling with propane. One of the hoses was loose. A small explosion happened. Luckily nobody was hurt.
My uncle noticed a coconut tree. He took a large blade and climbed the tree. Several coconuts fell after he chopped off a branch. My mom helped him open a few to drink. However, the coconuts were dry and contained no fluid.
My nephew Jim went down from MA to live in FL in 2000. He had an apartment with his friend Harry. One day Harry was driving and crashed his car. Harry was impaled by a fence post. Luckily he fully recovered.
Allie was going away. But unfortunately she would be missing her favorite show. She tried to record it but it would not record. Allie would be missing the episode. She was so upset.
John fell and broke his leg. He had to spend two weeks in the hospital. John watched TV and read books all day. Finally they discharged him. He was so happy to walk again!
Tom and Linda were working together at an office. They were both working on the same project. They were both tired from working so hard. Linda made some coffee and offered it to Tom. Tom graciously and quickly excitedly accepted.
Emma had been trying to pull her loose tooth out for days. She was afraid to pull it quite hard enough to get it out. Her parents kept trying to let them help but she said no. One evening her brother gave her a wad of bubblegum. She felt a tug as she was chewing as her tooth came out in the gum.
Amy was an elderly lady. She was in pain and asked her friend for help. Her friend recommended Pilates. Amy began doing Pilates everyday. Amy stopped feeling pain after doing Pilates regularly.
Kevin was walking to school on a rainy day. But a car sped by him and sprayed him with dirty water. Kevin decided to force himself to go to school. But he began sneezing and coughing. As Kevin approached his school, he decided to turn back.
Boris was the best waiter at Alfredo's but was out sick. I called his home and asked if there was anything I could do for him. He told me he could use some aspirin so I bought and took him some. He called the day after that and told me the aspirin broke his cold. And now Boris is back at work and he and I are happy about that.
Yesterday, Greg woke up feeling ill. He had a headache and felt nauseous. He went to the doctor to get it checked out. The doctor told him he had the flu. He spent the rest of the day resting to get better.
Ian lived on a island. Ian loved to explore the surrounding islands. However, Ian recently crashed his boat. He could not afford to purchase another boat. Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop.
Amy wanted to drive out of town for a summer holiday. She planned her trip out for weeks. The day before her trip she was driving past a gas station. The gas had risen $2 a gallon. Amy decided to postpone her trip for awhile.
Zach was very tired but had to drive for 3 hours. He kept dozing off at the wheel. He missed his exit because he was so sleepy. He suddenly jerked at the wheel because he noticed he missed it. The car went in circles and he pulled to a stop, safely.
Carmen felt unsure about going to the movies with Sean. She liked Shaun but was unsure if he really liked her. She met Sean at the movies and he greeted her with a hug. During the movie they both laughed a lot together. After the movies Sean asked her on another date and kissed her goodbye.
Cayla owned 3 dogs and she wanted them to have beds of their own. She went to the store to buy them some but they were too expensive. So she decided to make them at home. She purchased all the supplies and got to sewing. Within 3 days she made 3 homemade dog beds and was very happy.
Joe loves to eat cheese. He ordered cheese from a gourmet food company one day. As usual, he put his latest arrival in the fridge. When he got home from work, he noticed a terrible smell. His cheese was rotten!
Joel and Rick were in the second grade. One day they decided to play golf in the backyard. Rick accidentally hit Joel in the head with the club. Joel's head started bleeding everywhere. His mom took him to the hospital where a doctor gave him stitches.
Amy needed to go to the fabric store but had no babysitter. She decided she would bring her son James with her. James watched intently as the fabric was being cut. A day later Amy found James with scissors cutting her bed sheets. She could only laugh, she knew he learned this from the fabric store.
It was father's day. Jake decided to surprise his dad. He decided to purchase his dad some lottery tickets as a gift. His father ended up winning $1000! The two went to a steak restaurant to eat for dinner afterwards.
John saw a used Jeep that he wanted to buy. He worked two jobs and saved all of his money. It took months but he finally had enough to buy the Jeep. When he went to the dealership, the Jeep was already sold. John end up buying a Ford Escape that he liked just as much.
A bee had flown through the window in my Health class. Everybody was so scared that the teacher had to stop. It landed on my desk near the window. I grabbed it and threw it outside. Although I got stung I was the hero of the class.
Last night I dreamed about my old friends from church. I dreamed they had not gotten married, but had broken up. I remember being sad. Then I encouraged them to do mTurk. It was an odd dream.
In elementary school I drew cartoons with a friend. We met about once every two weeks. We talked about what kind of cartoons we wanted to make. We drew a few ideas. Then it was time for school to be over.
James had ten toothbrushes. He really cared about his teeth. He would brush them many times a day. One day, he ate a bunch of candy. He ran into the bathroom to brush his teeth immediately!
Jack needed new running shoes. He decided to buy them himself instead of asking his mom. He saved up his money. He found his favorite pair. Jack was glad he could buy his own shoes.
Stan shopped during Black Friday. There were hundreds of people. It was difficult to buy anything because people were stealing. He almost broke his arm. He decided not to shop during Black Friday next year.
Jasmine was about to go to her first sleepover. Her friend from school invited Jasmine and a few more friends. Jasmine was hesitant at first since she would miss home. She forgot about home as soon as she arrived at the sleepover. Jasmine had a lot of fun that night and looks forward to the next one.
Cindy loved texting more than anything. It seemed like she couldn't go two minutes without texting. One day she was texting while driving. She drove straight into a tree and was killed instantly. Cindy didn't text anymore after that.
We visited friends in Buffalo in 1999. Our friends' parents threw a cookout. The father was a bit odd. He tried to use old plastic to start the fire. His daughter convinced him to use charcoal instead.
Gina couldn't open her frozen car door. She tried and tried, but couldn't get a grip on the door frame. She decided she would need something to pry it open. She tried to open her trunk to find something. The trunk was also frozen shut.
All Ellie wanted to do was surf. Ellie's mom wanted her to study harder, and graduate from high school. Instead, Ellie went to the beach and surfed for hours. Ellie found out she wouldn't be able to graduate with her friends. She took a summer school class, and graduated the very next fall.
I grow a garden year round in Florida. I really love growing fresh veggies, especially herbs. Last week, my neighbor asked me if she could buy some basil. I said no, of course not, just take them, you're welcome anytime. The next day I found an envelope with $10 in it stuck under the door.
Every year Sam's family went to the local food festival. Restaurants set up stands and sold some of their best dishes. This year Sam's mom gave him five tickets. She told him he could get whatever he wanted. He spent all five on ice cream!
We had several dead balloons left over from a party. We wanted to get rid of them. My wife got me a needle. I put the balloons into a room and popped them. They were almost dead and made very little noise.
It was Christmastime and Lucy always got a sweater from Grandma. Every year grandma would knit her a new sweater. This holiday was no exception. When Lucy opened up her present it was the sweater. Lucy was disappointed but still wrote a thank you note.
I had an important meeting in the morning yesterday. I made sure to set an early alarm on my watch. I wasn't able to wake up in time to make it. It seems that I set it for PM instead of AM. Now I'm being reprimanded at work.
Michelle picked up the colored ham and hard boiled egg on a toothpick. The server smiled knowingly at her. Michelle popped the morsel into her mouth. Delicious flavor and taste exploded across her tastebuds. Michelle thanked the server and took another hors d'oeuvres.
Henry was not a fan of door to door salesmen. He posted no soliciting signs and joined the no call list. He still got door to door salesmen. He bought an exterior porch cage with a lock to prevent them. He is no longer bothered by door to door salesmen.
Chet was horrified of clowns since age eight. His parents made him to take a picture with one and his fear started. His longterm girlfriend Ariana knew his fear but she had a secret. There was a reason he hadn't got to meet her parents after two Year's. Her dad and mom were both clowns for the local circus.
Gerry was going to get a new fish. He drove thirty minutes to a pet store. When he got there, he could not decide which fish he wanted. So he ended up buying five different fish. Now he needs several different tanks.
Elizabeth was driving on the freeway. She was a bit distracted by her phone. Suddenly, she saw that she was going to hit a car. She swerved to miss it and was barely able to maintain control. Luckily, she narrowly missed a bad accident.
The professor began covering the lecture today. He explained a lot of material in a small amount of time. No one bothered to ask questions since they were confused. Instead of pretending to listen, I walked out of class. I decided to go to the library and review what was taught today.
He never really liked to talk about it. Not many people who have been in war do! But he made sure to tell his children about the war. He wanted to let them know what happened so they would know. He was proud of his service but hated the idea of war.
It was Lizzy and Calvin's third year anniversary. The pair went on vacation to cancun to celebrate. When they got there they had amazing food. Their favorite dish was tacos. By the end of the trip they certainly had full stomachs.
I wanted to learn computer science. I decided to start with python. It was easy at first. Then, it became extremely hard. I realized programming wasn't for me and I quit.
I really wanted a new phone. I decided I'd get an apple phone. I went to the store to buy and iPhone 6. They didn't have any in stock. I didn't get my phone that day.
Lucy's cat was still missing. Her sister had accidentally left the door open when feeding him. That was the last time she would be trusted with minding him. Lucy sat in the kitchen worrying. There was a roar of thunder and suddenly whiskers was at the backdoor.
Robbie could run faster than anyone in his class. He did not realize that he was not faster than everyone in the state. He entered a state competition, confident he would win. He did not train, after all, he was the fastest in his class. He came in dead last.
Earl ordered a ice cream. The cashier completed the payment. When he took a bite of the ice cream, he flinched. His tongue got into contact with a toothpick. Since he was disgusted, he threw away his ice cream.
We took our son to Incredible Pizza for his birthday. He spun the giant wheel, and won lots of points. He used them all in the arcade room. He enjoyed the bumper cars and laser tag. He ended the day with a nice toy from the rewards desk.
My scooter started to leak oil in the summer. I found that the heat was increasing the pressure. I reduced the amount of oil in the scooter. I watched a video to figure it out. Changing the oil was very easy.
She wanted to start over. She wiped everything clean. She started new relationships. She moved to a new city. She still wasn't happy.
Abe wanted to go for a walk. He got held up by a lot of work. It was dark out when he was finally done. However, there was a super bright moon out. Abe went for his walk by the light of the moon.
Bella loved to go hiking. Bella did not pay attention to safety recommendations for hikes. One day, Bella couldn't find a hiking partner and went by herself. Bella fell and broke her ankle on her hike. Bella stopped hiking by herself.
Sharon decided to adopt a new kitten. She went to the animal shelter to find one. While she was there, she noticed an old, black cat. The old cat was so friendly and cute! Sharon happily adopted this adult cat instead of a kitten.
Cathy loved to play tennis. However, her serve was terrible. She finally decided to start taking lessons. Her swing started to show improvement. Cathy was glad she was able to hit better.
Cate's boss and her co-workers were obsessed with fantasy football. Every day they spent hours trading team members and arguing. One day, they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by. A few hours later, everyone had to attend a company wide meeting. The CEO reminded everyone not to spend company time frivolously.
Rick and his dad used to see wrestling matches together all the time. As they grew older, they drifted apart. Then when Rick turned 40, his dad bought him a special birthday gift. It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match. The two men enjoyed the match- and their trip down memory lane.
I tried to log into a website. The website said that it did not recognize my computer. I choose to have the website send me an authorization code in text. I received the code and entered into the website. I was able to log in.
Linda felt a weird vibe from her boyfriend. He said they needed to talk. At the restaurant, he fidgeted and was breathing heavy. As they were leaving, he got down on one knee and proposed marriage. She said yes, and they happily drove home.
I work in a local funeral home helping the mortician. Today I casually asked my boss if I should bring out the stiff. What I didn't notice is that his family was in the hall. They were within earshot and heard what I said. I got dirty looks the rest of the time they were there.
Jake met Joanie when they were little kids. They lived across the street from each other in the same town. As they got older, the two became the best of friends. Now as adults, the two have been dating and have plans to wed. The two make a happy couple.
Jon went to jail for petty crimes. While incarcerated, he got a letter from his girlfriend. She told him he was going to be a father! Jon wept openly, swearing to never commit a crime again. When released, he remained completely true to his word.
Deena had big dreams of opening her own bakery. She ran her business out her kitchen and needed more space. Deena entered a baking competition. The winner would receive 25,000 dollars as their prize. Deena won and used the cash to open her bakery.
Jen finished her lunch and started to move to her next class. A container of leftover rice flew into the sky. It came into contact with her face. Since the rice contained tomato sauce, her shirt was dirty. Jen took several minutes to clean herself.
I began to eat my meal at the restaurant. As soon as I turned away to pick up my napkin, someone ran. They grabbed my wallet and left the place. I decided to run after him. However, he managed to get in his car and drive away.
Lou was checking out a new number blocking feature on his phone. Unfortunately, the number he blocked was somehow permanently blocked. No matter what he did, he couldn't get the number to be unblocked. He eventually had to call the company to remedy the situation. He was embarrassed, having to tell his neighbor why she couldn't call.
When I was 9 years old I had what I thought was the best day ever. My soccer team won the final game of the season leaving us undefeated. We went out for pizza and ice cream to celebrate. When I got home I found out that my brother had died during my game. I then realized it was actually the worst day ever.
Alicia got a rabbit. She named it Ted. One day it went missing. She looked everywhere. Finally she found it in the cupboard.
Karen got offered a great high paying job in a factory. The only problem was that the job was an overnight job. Karen accepted anyway because the money was too good to pass on. It took a while to adjust to the new sleep patterns though. Eventually Karen adjusted and now she is happily becoming rich.
Bert's mom told him he had to take a bath. Bert didn't want to. Bert's mom told him he could use bubbles. She even gave him a little rubber duck. Bert felt a little better about having to take a bath.
My moms toilet started leaking a few weeks ago. She asked me to try and fix it but I didn't know how. Eventually the leak got even worse to the point of flooding. Her bathroom was flooded daily but we didn't know what to do! After awhile we turned the water off to the toilet and left it.
It was Christmas. Suzy was spending it alone. She was upset. She didn't even want to celebrate. It meant nothing to her.
Leslie has always wanted to learn how to play the piano. She bought one a while ago but never learned how to play. This summer she took private lessons with a professional. She also practiced every night by herself. Now Leslie can play the piano beautifully!
Tom loved learning. He decided to take on a great challenge. He read the complete encyclopedia in one year. He impressed himself with his feat. He became smarter during the process.
Jerome and his friends wore dark clothes and snuck out. His friends wanted to spray paint a building so Jerome went with them. When they got to the building's wall, Jerome felt nervous. Once they began spray painting, Jerome took off and ran. His friends began to call him names, but Jerome felt better.
Aria found out her favorite band was playing tonight. She invited a few friends. They got ready and she picked them up. They drove two hours to the city to the concert. They danced and had a great time.
Mary was expecting a baby. She was due next month. Mary was at work when she started to feel her water break. Her boss rushed her to the hospital. Mary had her baby immediately afterwards.
Jade had bought a tray of cookies for a Christmas party that night. She gave one to her toddler to try. She hadn't realized the cookie had pecans in it! He had to be rushed to the emergency room because of his allergy. So happy he recovered, she wasn't sad about missing the party.
Tom visited the local carnival. Tom was happy to see a dart booth. Tom was a great dart thrower. Tom hit the bulls-eye every time. Tom won many prizes.
Mike brought his puppy over to my house. She must have smelled a packrat. She yipped and growled at something under my cabin. I told Mike she seemed like she was pretty energetic. An older fellow, he thought I was talking about his wife.
Travis needed more storage in his bedroom. He carefully built a shelf. He could put all his t-shirts and shorts on it. His room felt more organized. Travis was happy that he had built such a sturdy shelf!
Bobby set up his easel and canvas. He was painting a landscape for his friend. As Bobby opened one of his paints it spilled all over the canvas. It was covered with blue paint. Bobby decided to paint the sky.
At the hotel gift shop, Sue Ann bought five gifts. She bought a mug, a purse, and a stuffed animal for her family members She bought a magnet and a travel book for her friends. She paid for the items and went to her room. She packed the items securely in her bag and went to sleep.
I like Nalgene bottles. They are very durable. The lids stay on tight. I put my bottle into the dishwasher and destroyed it. I bought another one and am careful cleaning it.
Cory went down a very steep hill on a longboard. He was keeping up with the group and going very fast. Cory made a bad decision and ended up falling. Cory slammed his hand on the ground and broke his thumb. He was picked up by a car and taken to the hospital.
Ryan was rich growing up. He had almost everything. After a series of events Ryan lost all of his money. Ryan is now poor and homeless. He reflected back to all the money he wasted.
Steven was tired of playing the same video game every day. He asked his mom for money for a new game, but she said no! He decides to earn money himself and gets a job at a store. He works for two weeks and finally gets his paycheck. The money on his check was enough for Steven to buy two video games!
I loved spending time with my family last night. We all played card games. We also watched the big sports game on TV. We were all rooting for opposite teams though. We got into a big argument about who was the better team.
Bill finally got his paycheck! He took it home and put it on the table. An hour later it was gone. Bill looked all over for it. It turns out the air conditioner blew it on the ground.
The man ran for office. He said something the public didn't like. The news kept talking about that. He issued a formal apology. The public never fully forgave him.
Tina was standing on the side of the street. When the cars to the left were gone, she ran to the other side. However, there were several trucks moving from the right. One driver ended up hitting her on the waist. She was paralyzed and ended up in the intensive care unit.
Frank went to call his boss to inform her that he was sick. He picked up his phone but dropped it immediately into the sink. His phone malfunctioned and he couldn't use it. Without any way of calling in, Frank went to work sick. Frank got everyone in the office sick too.
It was high school prom night. Nobody was dancing. We all looked nervous. Finally, I decided to ask a girl if she wants to dance. The girl said yes and we started dancing.
Peter hates listening to the Trombone. Unfortunately, Peter's roommate plays the Trombone. Peter always yells at his roommate to stop playing the Trombone. One day Peter hid his roommates Trombone. Now Peter doesn't have to listen to his roommate practice.
Cathy decided to walk through the pet store today. Cathy loved seeing the various animals at the pet store. Today, Cathy saw the cutest puppy she had ever seen. Cathy decided she would purchase the cute puppy. Cathy was so excited to be the owner of a brand new puppy.
Maria had to go grocery shopping. SHe went to SHoprite. She bought some eggs, veggies, and chicken. Her bill ended up to be close to $50. She was satisfied.
Nick and Jess had been dating for a year. They made a very good couple. One day, Jess accepted a new job across the country. At first she felt they should breakup. Nick moved across the country just to be with her.
Scott didn't understand American football. He thought it was boring and didn't have enough action. His friends decided to take him to the park and play football. Scott scored a touchdown, but also sprained his shoulder. He gained a whole new respect for football that day.
Jeff had just gotten his driver's license and was very excited. He called up some of his friends and offered to pick them up. On the way to the beach Jeff got a flat tire. He was scared changing the tire on the interstate but he got it fixed. Jeff realized driving comes with  responsibility as well as fun.
Gabriel is afraid that he is becoming weaker from not exercising. He decides he needs an inexpensive exercise he can do at home. His brother recommends pushups. Gabriel does 25 push ups each day. Finally Gabriel feels that he is not becoming weaker.
John was driving home from the bar. He was pulled over. John was upset because he was following the law. The cop became angry and gave him a speeding ticket. John disputed it but there was nothing he could do.
My brother used to play stickball. He used a broomstick and a small pink ball. He would throw the ball up and hit it. He would hit it over a building on occasion. He stopped playing when he attended high school.
Leroy and his friends wanted to have some drinks. They go to the bar but have to wait in line outside. After 10 minutes Leroy got a bit too impatient. He runs through the door yelling his own name aloud. The bouncers stop him and tell him that was a bad move.
Jon decided to become a bodybuilder. At first, he refused to use steroids. Alas, he couldn't get big enough. He decided to use steroids. The bodybuilding committee found out and barred him.
May was a debt collector who collected money for Bail agencies. She did not like the work much but she needed it for school. She got into the business because of her father but plans to leave it. She plans to use the money to start her own business. Finally saving up enough money she quit her job and became a boss.
Allie was still hungry. No matter how much she ate, it did not matter. She couldn't be filled up. Finally she had a pint of ice cream. She was full after that.
Ella felt strongly connected to her roots. She went back home every summer. She practiced native dances there. She would perform them for others. Everyone admired her.
Tim was at a party He wasn't old enough to drink. His friends pressured him into it. Tim wound up drinking more than he should. He threw up and had to be taken home.
Renee was born a healthy baby girl. She stayed active all of her life and was always in shape. When she turned 7 she started to drink an abnormal amount of water. Her mom got concerned and took her to the Doctor who ordered tests. Test results revealed that Renee had Type I Diabetes.
My friend came over to visit. There was a new neighborhood behind us. I slid under the fence. A resident told me not to do that. My friend said I invited him there.
Fred and his friends wanted to nice sweets. They decided to take a trip to the local candy store. The store was filled with sweets galore. The boys picked up everything they could find. There was no shortage of goodies there.
Maia is an Army brat, so she moves around a lot. Today, she is starting a new school for the second time this year. She got her schedule and then went to her first class. As she headed to an empty seat, other students watched her. Maia hated being the new girl at school.
Trudy prepared a pasta dinner for her boyfriend. She used the same formula she always did. The formula was intended for just Trudy to eat. There was only a tiny portion for each of them. Afterwards they went out for a big dessert.
Erik's throat was feeling very raw. He went to the store to buy some cold medicine. They would only sell him one bottle of the good stuff every 12 hours. That wasn't enough to make Erik feel better. He had his wife go to the store and get him another bottle.
Raven was searching for a new music device. She went to best buy. SHe was thinking of buying the ipod or the zune. The worker told her that nobody buys the zune. She bought the ipod.
Exercise walking was boring until I got a bright idea. I decided to take a picture of something new every time I walked I now  have pictures of pretty birds, a blue lake and strange people. I placed the pictures in a video editing program to make a short film. You can see the final result of my idea in a filmclip on YouTube.
George was a huge fan of comic books. One of the biggest authors in comics was attending a local convention. George knew he had to go to see him. He waited five hours in line just go get an autograph. Sadly, the author turned out to be rude and dismissive of his fans.
As a child, Kenny loved watching great acting performances in films. He knew he wanted to grow up to be a professional film actor. He went to school for acting and worked very hard at his craft. He paid his dues in the film industry until he got his first big role. Now he is living out his dream of being a professional film actor.
They burned a brilliant shade of grey. No cloud was present in the sky. Flecks of ash rained down all around like snow. In the distance, a deep crimson glow gave tell to an active volcano. The news ran stories on it for many weeks.
Karn always wanted a boat. She thought why not rent one and experience boat ownership. She went out on the lake to have fun. Karn was driving with lots of speed and she flipped the boat. As she swam to shore she thought about how complicated wanting can be.
Miley's mother asked her to write a Christmas list. She sat down and wrote all the things she wanted for Christmas. The list was not too long, but it had a good variety of items. She gave the list to her mother, who was pleased to see it. Then, Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas.
Francine stopped over her son's house for lunch. She insisted on doing dishes after they ate. Unfortunately, the dish sponge had seen better days. She squirted dish soap on the wet sponge to put in the microwave. After 30 seconds, the dish sponge was like new again.
An alligator climbed on the ground after taking a swim. Billy tried to disturb the alligator. He threw a rock at it. The alligator got excited and ran towards him. Although Billy got away, the alligator broke through a fence.
Ed was very work focused, and rarely did anything relaxing. He eventually exhausted himself, and had a stress related illness. His doctor told him that he needed more balance between work and fun. Ed started trying to spend more evenings doing entertaining things. Over time, he had a good work-life balance and was much healthier.
Anna had alway wanted to be on TV. But she wasn't pretty or even funny! Then she got guest seats on Jeopardy! Anna got to be on TV after all! She had a great time in the audience.
Sally was driving home from school. She heard a pop and realized she had a flat tire. Sally pulled over, but she had never changed a tire before. A kind person stopped and helped her change the tire. Sally was able to make it home.
Zooey's grandfather had just passed away, leaving a will. In the will, Zooey was given an entire farm. She knew nothing about farming but felt inspired to try it out. For the first few months, she had no control over the wild farm. Finally she hit her stride and she enjoyed her new farm life.
She started to write her book. She just needed more characters. She thought and thought about them. She decided on a boy and a dog. She started to write fervently.
The family went on a trip together. They were going to hike part of the Appalachian Trail. They packed their bags and started hiking. They made it almost twenty miles in one day! Their legs were tired but they had a great time.
Baylee loved baby dolls. She got a new one for Christmas last year. She brought the doll to school to show her friends. Her best friend liked it so much that she stole it. Baylee told the teacher and got the doll back.
Lisa was having her birthday party at a hotel. Yet unfortunately the power went out. Lisa then had to switch the location. She could not reach her friends. Lisa ended up not have a party.
Randy took advantage of opportunities that made his family jealous. Like when he made a short-term investment that paid thousands. At the family Christmas dinner, Randy walked in cheerful. But no one spoke to him. He ask why, and his cousin said, you too damn selfish!
Alex had just had his first baby. It was time to bring the baby home from the hospital. Alex was driving and he was really nervous. At first he was going so slowly, because he was too worried. Finally his wife encouraged him to speed up, so he tried his best to.
Susie was going to work at a new job. She wanted to get trained. So the manager showed her the ropes. Susie thought it was interesting. She ended up doing well at the job.
One day, I decided I wanted to own a dog. I walked to the pet store with my boyfriend to see our options. Once we got there, we saw there were many kinds of pets. I was very drawn to the birds section, instead of the dogs. I bought a cockatoo instead, and named her Chica.
Mary was ten Year's old. She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up. Her brother fell off his bike. He got all bloody. After seeing that,Mary decided she doesn't want to be a nurse anymore!
I was in the noodle aisle at the grocery store a couple of weeks ago. A woman ahead of me was pushing a cart with a child in its seat. She'd given the small boy her purse to occupy his attention. As she was looking at food, the boy threw her wallet on the floor. I tapped her shoulder and let her know that he had done that.
Shelly needed new brakes. She went to the parts store. She got the parts needed. She had a mechanic install them. The mechanic costed her more than the parts.
Brock didn't know what to buy his father for Father's Day. He knew his father liked to read, but didn't know what books he liked. His books just sat on his bookshelf, though some were in and out. Brock realized that some books were missing more often than others. He concluded that his daddy's favorite books were science books.
Larry is a wide receiver at his local high school. He is currently in the closing moments of a game. His team is down by 6 points and they need a touchdown. The qb goes back to pass and throws it up to larry. Larry reaches for the ball and drops the game winning catch.
Bob was given a thousand shares of stocks in his brother's company. Bob wanted to give them away because he thought they were worthless. He stuck them in a drawer and forgot about them. Ten years later his brother's company was a success. Bob sold the stock for a lot of money.
Josie wanted to win an important race at school. She woke up early for a week to practice in the park. She also hired a coach to train with him after school. When the race event started she was really nervous. But all her hard work paid off and she made it to third place easily.
Tim didn't have any clean clothes to wear. He decided to wear dirty clothes. He sprayed himself with cologne to cover up. His co-workers were not tricked. Tim was told about his bad aroma.
Owen was outside barbecuing. It began to rain. Owen brought the food into his kitchen. He finished cooking the food on the stove. Owen ate his food.
The family took a trip to Amish Country. They shopped at lots of interesting stores. They learned a lot about their history. At the end of their tour, they bought a beautiful table. It was an enjoyable trip!
Bob was looking through his closet one day, when he saw a pair of shoes He took out the shoes and tried them on. The shoes were too small, so he put them in a box. Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes. Later, the shoes were given to a homeless person.
Rene was bored one day. All she had was a pen. She started drawing on her hand. She made a tattoo. It was pretty.
Lily was in a bad friendship. She didn't want to be in it anymore. So she decided to not be in it. It was painful. But it was also worth it.
Evan was performing in the community play. He had invited his grandparents to come see him. He hoped he would perform well in the play. He wished to impress his grandparents. He was gratified when They told him they'd loved his performance!
Gary is going to ride the bus today. Gary is nervous. Gary gets on the bus. He gives the driver his money. The bus is a good way to get around.
I was riding my bike home. And I decided to go through a neighborhood I was unfamiliar with. I had to ride over a very large hill. And it made me exhausted. But when I got home, I felt proud of myself.
There were some dancers on stage. One was afraid to show her moves. The other girl came over and motivated her. She got her to perform, and it was great. Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing.
Margaret started collecting stamps. She got really serious about it. She hoped to one day find a really rare stamp. Margaret bought some stamps from the post office just for mailing. One of them was misprinted, making it rare and delighting Margaret.
Janette swung herself on the swing. But as she wanted to go higher, she called out in the park. A woman approached her asking where her mom was. Janette didn't know but wanted to swing higher. The woman found the mom who pushed her girl up to the sky.
Wayne often felt angry for no reason. He knew it was a problem and was affecting his relationships. He decided to talk to his best friend. His friend said he needs to stop drinking so he did. Wayne is doing better since he stopped drinking
Amanda was working as a teller in a bank. One day a masked man approached her belligerently. He brandished a gun and demanded money from her. She handed him a sack of money into which she'd put a dye packet. The packet exploded and helped the cops identify the robber later.
Nadia ran towards the water at the beach. She dove in and tried to swim away from the shoreline. A net got attached to her leg. As soon as she picked it up, she noticed several trash on it. She quickly flicked it off.
It was snowing out. Tom decided to go to the store. He wore a long scarf. Without realizing it Tom got it stuck in his car door. It almost yanked him to the floor when he tried to walk away.
Laura had a precious compass her grandfather gave her. It was her favorite possession. One day on a school field trip, she lost the compass. Laura cried and cried when she realized it was not in her pocket. The next day, the compass was found and returned safely to her.
Every summer, we went camping at Spring River. One summer, Amber showed up at the campsite. We walked up to the bathrooms, and stepped in a nest of snakes. They ran everywhere, scaring us very badly. We were very lucky we were not bitten.
I was at a new restaurant that opened in the mall. It looked expensive but good. I decided to order a large salad for $11. But I was disappointed at how small it was. A few months later, the place went out of business.
Colby was cleaning his house. He was wearing his favorite pair of jeans. Colby decided to clean the bathroom. He got bleach on his jeans. Colby ruined his favorite jeans.
Ivy was craving chips. She decided to drive to the store, a mile from her home. Then she remembered that her car was out of gas! Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there. When she finally got the chips, they tasted all the better!
I needed some new sunglasses. I chose a color that would go with a lot of clothing. Once I had purchased them, I left the store. I promptly put them on, it was sunny. They were perfect!
I walked from my job to my house. A group of people started to run after me. Eventually one of the people in the group came close and punched me. I was knocked unconscious. I woke up several hours later and my wallet was missing.
Jim was out for a job. It was a hotter day than usual. Jim felt himself getting dizzy after a while. He suffered from heat stroke. Jim had to rest and replenish his fluids.
My coworker sang in the Chorus Pro Musica in 2004. I attended one of his concerts. At the end of the concert I talked to his girlfriend. She was happy to see someone showing up to support him. I told her it was a good concert.
Suzanne could not find any dice to play her board game with. She knew the game had come with a pair of dice. She enlisted the help of her friends to find the missing dice. Eventually they found them all in their own box on a shelf. As they were already together, Suzanne and her friends played a game.
My ice hockey team went to the championship game. We were up against an undefeated team. We played extremely hard. It came down to overtime. We ended up winning it 3 to 2.
I was very bored and wanted to do something fun. I decided to read a book but could not find one in my house. I walked down to the local city library. I went inside and got checked in and began to look around. I found an interesting book, checked it out and went home.
The first time I went to Oklahoma it snowed. They were unprepared for the inch that had fallen. People were slipping with each step. Since I was from New England I laughed about it. Almost as soon as I went outside I slipped and fell.
Brett wanted to pet a zebra. It was his dream for a very long time. Unfortunately there were no zebras at the zoo. He went home and watched a zebra documentary. He liked seeing the zoos on television very much.
Matt had trouble waking up in the morning. He decided to buy a rooster to help him wake up. In the morning, the rooster made a loud sound to wake everyone up. Matt still didn't want to get up. He killed the rooster.
The house next door had big trees in the back yard. They blocked out most of the sun. The yard was dark all year long. The lack of light made the house look spooky. Gina never took her siblings there to trick or treat.
Terry had to take out the trash. On the way to the bin he tripped and fell. He dropped the trash everywhere. Terry left most of it on the floor. The wind took it away eventually.
Tom was at a party. He had too much to drink. After a while he passed out. The next morning he was still at the same house. He snuck out as quietly as possible.
My brother was set to graduate college so we all went to visit. The road trip was very long but definitely worth it. He asked how our trip was and we said it was fine. The next day we all met up at the stadium where it was being held. We got lots of pictures of him graduating.
Lucy was a great speller. She was having a spelling test tomorrow. She was confident she was going to make a perfect score. She got to class and was ready. Lucy spelled all her words right.
Garry was a very poor man who just lost his house. He spent a few nights in the shelter but it was full the next day. Garry found a nice park and a big cardboard box. He crawled in the cardboard box and went to sleep. Garry woke up the next morning convinced he'd find a job.
John had a test on friday. He forgot to study for it. When he got to class he was upset. Then he took the test and it was easy. He was not longer upset he was now happy.
Frank started down the darkened alleyway. This was his usual path to get to the other building. He stopped suddenly when he thought he heard something. It was a cat that had jumped out of a garbage can. Frank continued on his way, patrolling the neighborhood.
Georgina's life was fraught with difficulty. She was trying to get a visa to come to the US. She sought asylum but immigration officials turned her down. She decided to write a letter to the president. The president was touched by her plight and granted her asylum.
Frank was given the job of setting up the tent for camping. He had never constructed a tent before. He struggled and struggled but couldn't get the tent erect. His camping partners returned and the tent looked like a mess. Everyone laughed and joined together to finally build the tent.
Tina and Fred wanted to play hide and seek. They tried finding the best hiding places. Finally Tina hid in the bathroom. Fred couldn't find her. It took him an hour to find her.
The woman produced an album. It sold one hundred thousand copies. She put the money in a stock. The stock doubled. She spent the profit on a boat.
The year was coming to an end. Julius was making a list of resolutions he wanted to achieve. The main one he wanted to achieve is losing fifty pounds. He figured he might as well start now and put down a french fry. He lost three pounds before the year even started.
Tom lived at a fraternity house. They had a lot of parties. They always had tons of empty cans afterward. Tom would gather them up and take them to recycle. He made a good amount of extra money that way.
Jill had set a goal for herself in the seventh grade. She maintained the highest grades ever since then. She was determined to be valedictorian. When she became a senior, she still had that goal. At graduation, she met her goal and presented her speech.
On Tammy's way home from work her car began to overheat. She stopped and added water to the engine to cool it off. The solution was only temporary as it quickly overheated again. She took the car to her mechanic, who told her it needed oil. Tammy was glad it was an easy fix that did not cost a lot of money.
Tom never liked his nose. He decided to save up money to fix it. Eventually Tom had plastic surgery. Tom was pleased with the results. His self esteem went up.
On opening night of the play, Fred forgot his lines. Since he had a minor part, it was not a big deal. Fred made up a line on the spot to keep the action going. The audience did not notice his mistake. Fred like the new line so much he used the the next day.
John is a big fan of Game of Thrones. However, he has not read the books. Last week, George spoiled what happens accidentally. John was furious. It almost ruined their friendship.
My friend Bob was on the bench today. He is getting forgetful. He was unsure if his daughter was coming today. She showed up a half hour later. Bob waved goodbye and went home.
Sam took out his camera to film a movie with his friends. He pointed the camera at Jim and told him to act. Jim made up lines on the spot about being a scientist. He pretended to mix chemicals to make a strong poison. Jim pretended to drink it and dramatically die on camera.
Justin works hard for his company. He is there every night working hard. One day while at work the boss comes in. He tells Justin he will be losing his job. Justin takes the news badly and goes home sad.
Janet's cat really liked being around her. He would jump on the bed and try to sleep on her head every night. Janet kept pushing him off the bed. The cat would just jump right back up. She had to start locking him out of the room.
Kelly was in her kitchen. She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting. She searched everywhere for the source. Then, she spotted an old egg behind the fridge. It had fallen back there and was now rotten and stinky.
Jake was picking up his friend to go to school. When Jake got to his friend's house, the friend wasn't ready. Jake had to wait on his friend to go to school. Jake and his friend were both late for class. Jake stopped driving his friend to school.
Amy had a job when and decided to buy her clothes for school. She told her mother she would go on her own to buy her clothes. Amy remember the previous year when she couldn't get a cut off shirt. As she shopped she saw a shirt which would show her belly button. She ended up not buying the shirt since it was too expensive.
Ray was overweight. And he knew that people secretly made fun of him at school. So he tried to eat healthier food and exercise. And eventually, he lost 20 pounds. During graduation, everyone was impressed by Ray.
My friend came to visit me. She brought her young son with her. He was a cute little boy. We gave him some toys to play with. We had a great visit.
Joe had a very important violin recital. He had been practicing his song for months. He walked up onto stage and started to play. Once he finished he bowed. The whole crowd clapped because he did so well.
We were assigned many book reports in 9th grade English class. Sadly, I did not like to read and never read any of the assignments. Instead, I would create a fake author and title for a book. Then I would invent a storyline and write my report. Somehow I passed English class with very high grades.
Lucy was hit in the face with a baseball. Her eye was swollen and bruised. Her grandmother put an ice pack on the eye. But it was too late. Lucy already had a black eye.
This December the weather has been exceptionally warm. My high school teacher told me about global warming many years ago. She said the government can change the weather. The government does it by sprinkling pellets on clouds. She never said what the pellets were made of.
Maurice hadn't washed his sheets in weeks. They were starting to smell. He put them in the washing machine and watched them. He pulled them out and put them on the bed. Then he remembered he hadn't dried them.
Someone bought my first beer for me when I was 20. I put it in the fridge at home. I was told to try it when I had free time. The taste was alright. I did not feel drunk from it.
The day started cold and rainy. By 11 AM, the sun had come out. The temperature rose to 75 degrees. It got so warm I changed into shorts. I wish the summer was longer.
Hillary learned to ride a bike yesterday. I was worried that she would fall, but her big brother was careful. He ran next to her bike while she pedaled. Soon, she was riding in circles! Her brother got his bike out and they rode around together.
Tonya was walking home from the grocery store. She had one bag with some cans in it. Suddenly, the bag ripped. Her cans spilled and rolled away. Luckily, a man stopped to help her gather everything.
Gerald was running and he ripped his pants. Gerald had a sewing machine at home but he didn't know how to use it. He went online and looked for guide. After studying it for a few hours, he realized how simple it was. He fixed his pants and prepared to go run again.
Chet gets made fun of by everyone at school. He listens to country music, and everyone thinks he's uncool for it. One day, a group of kids locked Chest into a room with metal music. Chet was horrified, and began crying uncontrollably. The other kids decided that Chet will never be cool.
Frustrated by his life, the man sat on the couch and watched TV. He was mostly chanel surfing because nothing held his interest. He kept thinking about how much he hated his life. On one channel He saw images of starving and dying children. He realized his life wasn't THAT bad and felt a bit better.
Tom bought two ferrets from a friend. Tom's friend told them they were housebroken. Tom took the ferrets home. The ferrets used the bathroom all over the house. Tom returned the ferrets to his friend.
Rachael got some bath bombs for her birthday. She wanted to try to take a bath with one. So she got the water all ready and put one in. She was amazed by all the great colors. She felt it was so nice and relaxing.
Pat wanted a piece of southwestern art as a souvenir of his trip. He decided to visit some art galleries in Santa Fe. There were many to choose from. He spent one whole day walking around the plaza looking at art. In the end he chose a turquoise buckle that he could actually use.
I have a friend who fell in love with Skittles when we were five. He ate them every day, and would bring them in a container to my house. He liked the red ones the best, so he'd give me all the rest. We sat on the bed and ate them and drank chocolate milk. We did this every day after school for 3 years.
Jim went to a garage sale. He's been needing a bike for a while. He saw the person was selling one. They allowed him to try it out. He bought it
Alex and his dad went golfing. Alex loves to golf with his dad. Alex hit an incredible shot over a lake. His dad praised him and wished he was still young Alex and his dad got drunk and crashed the cart!
Timmy was watching the morning news. All of a sudden, he saw his teacher on his TV! He teacher was being interviewed by a local news reporter. Timmy congratulated his teacher in class the next day. His teacher showed the news segment in class afterwards.
My wife's nephew became a father last year. His wife gave birth to a boy in September. We visited the baby in the hospital. They named the baby Matteo. We found the name to be interesting.
Dave's class was going to a factory for a field trip. The class followed the guide through the factory. Dave saw a machine and stopped to look. Before he knew it Dave was alone, the class was gone. Dave was in tons of trouble when the guide found him 20 minutes later.
Neil wanted to take a trip of the paradisiacal island of Fiji. He flew into the capital city of Suva. But he had not realized it was the rainy season! It rained the whole week he was in Suva. Neil did not enjoy his trip at all!
Cay's light bulb blew out. She could not reach the ceiling to replace it. Her boyfriend was gone all night. She decided she would have to make do until he returned. She lit candles and used them to see.
Every Halloween Gus works at the haunted house. This year he's dressed as a zombie. His friends always enjoy seeing him perform. He always tries his best to give them a proper scare. This year will be no exception.
Cameron had only two friends. When his birthday came up, they decided to throw him a big party. To make it more animated, they hired people to act as friends. Cameron arrived at his party anticipating a quiet evening. But as soon as he arrived, everyone surprised him with cheers.
Joe was in his first semester at college. He had an apartment with some other guys. He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him. At the store he put what he needed in the cart. He could not believe that it cost over $100!
The wind was howling. A storm had just hit. Everyone ran inside to get out of it. The power went out. Everyone hunkered down to hide.
Joe was very wealthy. He liked to spend his money on frivolous things. Joe decided to buy himself something fancy. Joe purchased a large yacht. He now regrets his frivolous purchase.
I was going to cook dinner so I started boiling some water. I sat down to watch television for a bit and ended up falling asleep. I slept for three hours while the stove was on. When I woke up I ran into the kitchen in a panic to the lit stove. The water had evaporated and there was just a very hot pot.
Franny and her family were attending the state fair for the weekend. It would take several hours to get there. They had entered several contests. Along the way Franny wondered if they would win any ribbons. They finally reached the fairgrounds in the early evening.
He told me when he first saw me, he considered leaving me. Being told that cut me to the bone. I was very hurt and angry. I had given up so much to be with him. I told him I would stay with him even with his illness.
Jenny was participating in the science fair. She needed to make a project. She found one online. Then, she spent all night putting it together. She got a second place ribbon for it.
Ronda and her friends like to play practical jokes. One day Ronda stuck a plastic snake in her friend's lunchbox. She waited for her friend to come to the lunch table. Her friend opened his lunchbox but did not make a sound. Puzzled, she looked in the lunchbox but the snake was gone!
Tony decided to visit Cleveland. He booked a ticket and packed his bags. When he finally arrived in Cleveland, Tony visited a museum. He loved his trip to Cleveland. Tony is happy that he got to visit Cleveland.
Paul had a favorite stuffed animal. It was a moose with big brown eyes. He would carry it wherever he would go. One day, he left it at the playground! Paul cried for hours.
Billy couldn't stop talking in class. The teacher had to stop teaching us so she can hear Billy. Kane's headache got worse from the talking. She immediately got out of her seat and smacked Billy. Although Billy didn't mind, Kane got suspended.
Rodney still collected Pokemon cards. At twenty-seven he was finally about to get a Charizard card. It was going to cost him a pretty penny, but he didn't care. He quickly went and met the guy he was going to buy the card from. When he was on his way he noticed the card wasn't even holographic.
Jim spent most of the day at the bar. An ex-con next to him was annoying him the whole time. When he bumped into Jim, Jim had had enough. He picked a fight with the ex-con. Jim got beat to death for picking a fight with the wrong guy.
Jill was walking down the beach. She was feeling very hot walking under the sun. Jill saw two of her friends walk along the other side. She walked toward them to catch up with them. Her two friends greeted her as she approached them.
Ross was so excited the night before his first day of kindergarten. His mom read him a nighttime story about going to school. Ross could hardly fall asleep because he was so excited and nervous. When he woke up the next morning, he got ready in a flash. He happily boarded the school bus and had a fabulous first day!
Morales had a very big bed. He slept alone and it was quite cold. One day, he invited his friend to have a sleep over. With two people, the big bed was more comfortable. Then, Morales had a very good night sleep.
Allie baked a birthday cake for her roommate. She stayed up all night working on it. Finally she brought it to her roommate to eat. Unfortunately, Allie dropped the cake on the floor. They went out for ice cream instead.
Ann wanted to invent a new product. She sketched almost 100 ideas. She picked the best one to submit to a contest. It was a mechanical dog. She won the contest and the $1000 prize.
My daughter received a new tablet from her grandmother. She began playing with the tablet right away. She began to yell at her tablet game, which got her a warning. My daughter then began ignoring her mother. The tablet was taken from her and now sits on a high shelf.
Tim wanted to throw a surprise birthday party for his friend Martha. Tim planned an elaborate party at his house. He surprised Martha with guests and a birthday cake after work. Martha was so appreciative. Martha gave Tim a big hug afterwards for being so thoughtful.
Brian wasn't feeling well. He had ate a lot of candy earlier that day. But his tummy didn't like that. So he had to stay home and couldn't go to a friends house. Brian watches what he eats now.
Corey had bought a new pair of sunglasses. He put them on the trunk of his car as he got in. Corey forgot the sunglasses were on the trunk. As he pulled away the sunglasses fell off the car. The sunglasses were badly ruined.
Last week was the big race. I was prepared after weeks of practice. My friend decided to join at the last minute. He decided to take a shortcut. Unfortunately it was right through the judge's area and he got caught.
At the end of the diner party, Joey put the dishes in the dishwasher. He started it and went to clean the living room. When he came back, he took out the dishes. He noticed that one was damaged and should have been hand washed. He threw it away with a sigh and went back to the living room.
Dave bought a shiny watch to impress others. He put it on his wrist and set the time. Throughout the day he got a lot of compliment. Many people asked him where he had bought it. Dave lied and said that he didn't know because it was a gift.
Seth has lived in Portland for Years. He loves the city life but he can barely afford his rent. Finally, one month, he decides he needs to move home with his mom. Although he is embarrassed to move home, he is glad to save money. Seth hopes he can move back to Portland one day.
Aly and Kenny went to New York for vacation. Aly really wanted to go to Times Square. When Aly and Kenny arrived, it was very busy. A man bumped Kenny and spilled coffee on his new shirt. Aly and Kenny did not enjoy their visit to Times Square.
Tom loved to drunk alcohol. He also loved to drink and drive. Tom decided to get more careless one day. Tom drive straight into a tree. Now, drunk Tom is no longer alive.
Joe was outside walking his dog. His dog darted towards a rabbit. Joe lost his grip on the leash. Joe put missing dog posters around town. Eventually someone returned the dog.
Matthew and Alfred were twins. They decided to have their birthday party together. They made decorations that reflected each of them. Both of them invited their friends. Everyone had a great time.
Norbert was a great magician in need of an assistant. He did many auditions to find the perfect girl. None were satisfying his needs and he was starting to panic. He talked to a friend and he recommended his neighbor. The neighbor turned out to be amazingly good and perfect for the job.
Libby teaches remedial math classes at Jefferson middle school. Every year she offers a reward for the student who is most improved. This year the winner was my friend Jenna. When she started she could barely count. Now she can multiply and divide!
John went to the gym with his friend. He noticed his friend was much more flexible than him. John asked his friend for advice on how to stretch. John's friend showed him some exercises. John did the exercises regularly and saw his flexibility improve.
Dan has been with his girlfriend for about 3 years. Dan feels like it's the right time to propose to his girl. He invites her out to a nice restaurant. After they finish their meal he asks her to marry him. She tells him no.
I was disappointed that my earbuds broke. I therefore proceeded to buy some new ones at the store. I stumbled across a pair that was black and large. They were beats headphones and looked great. I tried them on and they fit perfectly.
I wanted to learn a blue collar trade. I decided to apprentice in HVAC. I was accepted as an apprentice to a HVAC union! Alas, on my second day I broke my leg. I had to drop out of the apprenticeship.
Jane and Jill lived together is a log cabin. Their house had no heat except for a wood burning stove. One day Jill was out cutting firewood while Jill was milking the cow. She knew not to cut wood alone but was in a hurry. She cut the wrong way and the tree fell on her.
Mary was at a party with her sister. She wasn't interested in being there. She wanted to be home watching television. She spent the whole night in the corner. Eventually her sister took her home for being so whiny.
Donna new her nephew liked video games. But she wasn't sure which kind he would like. She went to a video game store and talked to a sales associate. And she bought him a game she thought he would like. But it didn't work on the video game console he had.
Ralph needed to go grocery shopping. He took a shower and got dressed to go out. He went to the bowl that he puts his car keys in. But they were not there. He rummaged through the room, but was unable to find the keys.
Sydney is a young tennis player. She is playing in a big tournament. She wins the first round. She wins the second and third. The final round Sydney gives it her all and wins.
Buster invited Marsha on a date and she agreed. Buster planned out a romantic evening. They would go for a walk on the pier. They would dine at a picnic table on the beach. It rained so they went bowling instead.
Arnold bought a year 2012 SUV. He invested a few thousand dollars into a custom paint job. He wanted to turn his SUV into a show car. But he was afraid people wouldn't appreciate his vision for the SUV. But his friends on Facebook convinced him to customize his car.
Sue knew her grandkids loved halloween. She put special effort into decorating the yard to look spooky. The grandkids were very excited by the decorations. They all carved pumpkins together. Her grandkids had the best halloween ever!
A new candy store was opening up right on Kelsi's street. Kelsi then decided to check it out. As a result when she got there, she was amazed. She immediately put every candy in her bag. She ended up spending over one hundred.
Allie and Fred had been together for awhile. Fred wanted Allie to go to meet his parents. Allie was rather nervous. But when she met them they were not bad. They welcomed her with open arms.
Kim was walking around at the park. All of a sudden it started to rain. Her socks got soaked. She decided to buy a new pair on her way home. Her feet felt much dryer and more comfortable.
Nico had a big craving for french fries! But she had no money and her mom had none to borrow her. Then her mom smiled and said not to worry - Nico would get her fries! As Nico watched, her mom grated and oil-fried potatoes. The homemade fries were even better than Nico had thought!
The doctor discussed several treatment options for Nina. She decided to remain under examination since her tumor was small. After a month, it tripled in size. As a result, she wanted to go through treatment. Her chemotherapy session started the next day.
Amy was happy her first class in junior high was all new kids. She introduced herself to the girl seated next to her. She was even more nervous than Amy was. The girls talked and bonded over their love of books. They decided to meet up after school to go to the mall.
I used to like to stay up really late at night and sleep late. Now I prefer to get up before the sun comes up. I have time to make coffee and read my bible. The house is quiet and the kids are safe in bed. I sit by the window and begin work while watching the sunrise.
Tom loved sandwiches. He told his friends he made the best sandwiches. He invited his friends over. He made everyone sandwiches. Everyone loved eating the sandwiches.
Bobby was taking excellent care of his caterpillar. So he was confused when he checked and it was gone! But there was a wad of white hanging from the lid of the jar. His mother explained it was a cocoon. He was excited that his caterpillar was going to turn into a butterfly
Richard remembered he left his tool shed unlocked the night before. He went outside at midnight to see if his mower was still there. The mower was there safe and sound. Richard went back inside without locking the shed. He realized he could trust his neighbors not to steal his things.
Jackson wanted ice cream. He decided to make it himself. He bought all the ingredients and a maker. He followed his grandmother's recipe. It turned out great.
Claire had a lot of fears. Her biggest fear was a strange one. It was the fear of being watched by a duck from somewhere. People would think she was mad when she told them. Anatidaephobia was the real name she would tell them to reinforce it.
Olivia and Liam went to their favorite restaurant. While there they waited for their waitress. The waitress brought their food and they ate. They also ordered takeout for their kids. They left and gave their waitress a fifty percent tip.
Frank was not doing anything at the moment. Rather than being bored, he was excited. His life was usually so busy that it felt good to do nothing. He almost wished he could always do nothing. He got into a more comfortable position and took a snooze.
Chelsea showed up at my house at 6am. She was only a little girl, and nobody paid her any attention. Her mom got up early to play guitar, and would send her out to find me. We played in the ditch in front of the house that day. She was tired from not getting enough sleep, but we had a lot of fun.
Bertie moved to the midwest. He found the summers pleasantly temperate and sunny. He found the winters brutally cold and unpleasant. He invested in a space heater for his room. It was insufficient and he had to sleep in many layers.
Howard panted, lungs gasping. Sweat dripped from his grey hair. People said eighty-year-olds couldn't run races, but it wasn't true. He could see the finish line of his first marathon ahead. Then there were cheers and hugs and he knew he had really done it.
My daughter and son in law went to Montreal last year. They decided to take their 1 year old daughter. She needed a passport. The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying. Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl.
Tina ordered an ice cream. She ordered two scoops. She then walked to the car. On the way she dropped a scoop. She was horrified and had to pick it up.
My niece took her boyfriend to visit the family on July 4th. We are from MA and the boyfriend is from Ohio. We suspected they were going to announce an engagement. They did not announce any engagement and said he was only visiting. Everyone was amazed.
Terry was on a long trip and stopped for some breakfast. The place he decided to eat at was a waffle house. Terry tried to order pancakes and was told he couldn't. Terry was so upset he stormed off and got in his car. He drove down the road to an IHOP and had a wonderful breakfast.
Today was Sarah's birthday! She had a big party with all of her family and friends. She had lots of presents. Her cake had pink and purple flowers on it. Sarah had a great birthday.
Jenny has been trained in gospel singing since she was seven. She's had a passion for singing for as long as she can remember. Every day, she makes sure to practice. Now at 24, she is considered a "power house". She gives all her credit to dedication.
Amy was very nearsighted but scared to wear glasses. She thought the other teens would tease her. Then she overheard a cute boy saying how nice glasses looked! She decided to try wearing glasses. The next day at school, she received dozens of compliments!
Alison lined up at the start line. When the gun went off, she took off at lightening speed. In no time, she passed the other runners. She held her lead and won first place! Alison stood on the podium, beaming as she received her gold medal.
Tyler went to the movies with his girlfriend. They decided to see a scary movie. The movie scared Tyler's girlfriend. She covered her eyes through the film. Tyler laughed and teased her for being so scared.
May knows her 21-year-old daughter is immature. But sometimes she's just stupid, according to May. One late night she insisted on baking a coffee cake. She put the cake in the oven, went to her room and fell asleep. The smell of coffee cake on fire made May scream!
I purchased a used laptop. The computer functioned properly after turning it on. I was able to complete my homework and use the internet. After today, it never turned on again. Luckily, I received a refund since I've kept the purchase receipt.
Ali sat on the swing at recess crying. A girl had thrown sand in her eyes. Ali had no idea why the girl threw the sand. She was hurt, and confused by the act. Ali's friend June decided to tell a teacher about the incident.
Kate was going to make her famous chicken casserole for a party. Just as she started, she saw that the chicken had gone bad. She substituted tofu for the chicken in the recipe. She served the tofu casserole at the event. Everyone thought it was great and couldn't tell the difference.
Joseph went to the beach. He decided to bring his friend with him. The two built a sand castle. Then they went swimming in the lake. After this they were tired and went home.
I decided to go through my kids toys. They have so many of them just building up. I figured I could really clear out a lot of them. I know some kids could really use them. I donated 3 big boxes full.
Tim went mountain climbing. It was a person challenge. He made it almost all the way to the top. He gave up shortly before the peak. Tim wants to go back and finish.
Andy recently went to the beach in Key West. After a long swim in the ocean, Andy toweled off. Andy then decided he would start heading home. Andy gathered his things, and began to drive home. However, after reaching home, Andy noticed he forgot his towel.
Sally had to go to the dentist for the first time. She sat down in the chair and waited for the dentist. She was very scared of all the shiny tools. The dentist came in and checked her teeth. The dentist told Sally she did a great job, and gave her a sticker!
We needed something to entertain the kids. We got a new bubble kit, with oddly shaped wands. We took all the kids out back with the bubbles. They quickly caught on to how the new wands worked. Everyone had fun.
Tom lived alone in an apartment. He noticed his mirror was dirty. He was too lazy to clean it. Eventually he became fed up with the sub-par apartment. He cleaned the entire apartment and became happy with his apartment.
Deb's table was teeter-tottering because one of the legs broke off. She couldn't afford to fix it, and couldn't afford a new table Suddenly, Deb had a downright economical idea. She took some of the old, obsolete computer books off her bookshelf. Deb then propped up the table using the otherwise useless books.
Stan's printer was flashing an error message at him. It said his toner was low. Stan couldn't afford to buy branded toner. He bought third party toner off ebay for his printer. Stan was happy it worked just like the branded toner!
Fred went to the city for the weekend. He wanted to spend time with friends. He got off work and was stuck in rush hour traffic. He sat in traffic for over an hour. He decided to just go home and sleep instead.
Tim was in a wheelchair. On his first day of high school, he was terrified. He feared the students would mock him. But he got a very pleasant surprise instead. Every single student was kind to him!
Andrew came home and seen his mom had baked cookies. He asked her if he could have one. His mom said they were not for him. Andrew asked her who they were for. His mom told him they were for the bake sale.
Tim was hungry. Tim went to his fridge to look at what he had. Tim did not have what he needed, so he went to the store. Tim bought the ingredients he needed. He went home to cook the dinner, which satisfied his hunger.
A new club opened up down the street. Maggie really wanted to check it out. When she got there however, she was turned away. The bouncer wouldn't let her in, Maggie then had to go home.
George was excited to see his family for Christmas. He loaded his luggage in his small car. He drove for 5 hours to arrive at his mother's house. His mother greeted him at the door with a hug. George went inside to enjoy a family Christmas.
Casey was excited to go to the local amusement park. He could hardly wait as he entered the park. However, he began to feel sick after his first rollercoaster. Casey took a seat in the shade. He ended up staying there for the rest of the day.
Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job. Sometimes I couldn't help it, I just couldn't go in. Headaches would keep me from doing the dangerous work I did. The fear made me feel sicker than the headaches. However my employer assured me that I was okay.
While gardening one day, young bride Mary lost her wedding ring. She looked frantically, but she never found it. Eventually she gave up and resigned herself to never having it back. But the next spring, tending her garden, Mary got a great surprise. Caught on the stem of a daisy was her precious wedding ring!
Martha was preparing slow cooker chicken. She set her chicken breasts in her slow cooker. She let them cook for 4 hours. Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork. She served the chicken on a tortilla shell.
Tim was working at the mall. An irate customer walked into his store. They were demanding a refund. Tim didn't care enough to argue. He did the refund quickly and got the customer out.
Mack wanted to be the volleyball team captain. He knew his first step was to make the team. So in his yard every day, he and his sister practiced volleyball. The team held tryouts and Mack tried out. To his shock, he was the best player on the whole team!
Dubby was the drummer in a band, and I always went to the practices. One day, I drove him home from school when his car broke down. He sat down on his bed facing me, his long blonde hair in his eyes. He leaned in and kissed me, like it was nothing. I was surprised, but I kissed him back.
Gwen could not decide what to give her brother for his birthday. He already had everything she could think of. But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving. So she bought two tickets. And the two of them had the time of their lives together.
The family was enjoying a picnic at the lake. They saw a swan swim past them. It was big and graceful. As they watched, the swan dove down and caught a fish! Then he swallowed it in one gulp.
A old man went to the diner for a cup of coffee. He sat at the bar and read his newspaper as he waited. The waiter brought over a whole pot just for the old man. The old man did not see this at first so the waiter got his attention. The old man drank half the pot as he finished reading.
I went to the beach with my family one day. We were walking along the beach and came upon an interesting creature. The creature appeared to be a dead jellyfish lying on the sand. To the dismay of my family, I picked up the dead jellyfish. I examined it and then put it back down and continued to walk.
My cousin worked with a heavy pot smoker in 1975. One day the smoker said he could double his investment in a weekend. My cousin gave him $2000. On Monday he got $4000 back. He invested in this person for a year.
Sam got a payday loan. He had no way of paying it back. Eventually collection agencies were after him. He couldn't get a job or apartment. He took his life one cold September morning.
I started a pot of pasta. I started cleaning while it cooked. After awhile, I felt hungry. I suddenly remembered the pot on the stove. The pot was ruined.
Sara found five abandoned kittens in an old box on the curb. She waited, but the mother was nowhere to be found. She wanted them but knew she could not afford to keep them. So she took them to the shelter, where the worker smiled at her. He assured her the kittens would all find good homes quickly.
Sophie hurt her leg playing basketball. She went to the doctor and the doctor wrapped her leg. Sophie had to stay off of her leg for weeks. Her leg healed well. Sophie was able to start playing basketball again.
Brian was not looking forward to his role in his cousin's wedding. He had to carry a pillow with a ring on it. He figured he'd probably drop in. The day of the wedding he dressed up in his tuxedo. He managed to get the ring down the aisle without losing it!
A better stood on the street looking for money. A rich man accosted the beggar. The rich man said he'd pay the beggar to tell him a story. The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes. The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on.
Bryan is in the third grade. He does not listen to his parents. Since he always refuses to do his homework he is behind in school. He know has to go to a tudor every night. Bryan has now learned how to his math. 3.
Jamie was walking home from the library. It was sunny when she started walking. Eventually, it started to rain. She didn't have an umbrella so she hid under an awning. When it stopped she continued walking.
A heat wave swept the city one summer. Clark was concerned about his elderly neighbors. They did not have air conditioning. Clark bought several large fans for his neighbors. They were thankful to have some relief from the heat.
Kim wanted to make fried chicken. She had never made it before. She bought all the ingredients. She prepared the chicken and put it in the fryer. It was disaster and turned out terribly.
They had a Halloween costume contest at work. Everyone was supposed to dress up as something. There were cats and goblins. But one costume won the big prize. A woman dressed up as a crazy cat lady.
Ramona invited the girls on a summer trip. When they got to the island, Ramona decided to charter a yacht. When the girls walked aboard, they were amazed. The yacht was gorgeous. The girls couldn't be happier.
Dan's mother passed away after suffering for years from cancer. While packing up her home, he found an old, worn book. There was no writing on the brown, leather cover. He debated on whether he should open it or not. When he did, he found memories his mom share of their time together.
Nathan woke up at 7 AM to the sound of his stomach growling. He went downstairs and found his mom cooking breakfast. He went to his reading corner and picked out a book. He looked at the pictures until his mom called him to the table. He put the book away and went to eat breakfast.
Tim accrued many vacation days at his work. He was planning a vacation. He decided he wanted to swim in the ocean. He booked a flight to the Florida Keys. Tim had fun swimming in the sea for his vacation.
Mia and her friends had a big exam coming up. They decided to get together to study for it. They met up and studied throughout the evening. When the test came, they all did very well. They vowed to study together every time they had an exam after that!
I made a music playlist for my friend, who was depressed. I filled it with music that reminded me of her. I also put songs I knew she liked. When she got the playlist, she was very happy. It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it.
Koa was not happy. He had a boring job in a boring city with a boring life. Koa decided to find happiness. He quit his job and traveled the world. He eventually found happiness in a small buddhist temple in Mongolia.
Jake was out on a hike with his girlfriend. When they reached their destination a camera was set up. Jake proposed in a scenic setting. His girlfriend was shocked and said yes. Jake was happy and has a great picture
Justin didn't like his math teacher. He wrote nasty things about her on the school's bathroom wall. One of his schoolmates saw Justin writing on the wall. Justin was reported to the principal. Justin received a week's worth of detention.
I was sleeping for 10 minutes. There was a large thud on the ground. I immediately rose from my bed went downstairs. My baby was crawling on the ground. He dropped the box of cereal.
Jan advertised for help in the paper. She received two hundred responses. She hired the first person to respond. She gave that person the task of reviewing the other responses. Jan fired the new hire once her task was complete.
Fred was upset because everything he ate bothered his stomach. So he ended up going the whole day without eating. But at night he was really hungry. So he decided to eat plain oatmeal. And it made Fred's stomach feel very relaxed.
My wife likes a brand of white potato. It comes in a bag that can be microwaved. She went to the supermarket to buy a bag. They were out of stock. She settled for a bag of sweet potatoes.
Greg was a boy from a very prestigious family. He recently found out he was adopted. Greg wanted to know who his real mother was. He hired a private investigator. After much diligent research, he found his real mother.
The man found a skull. He told the police. The police investigated. They sent the skull for testing. It was a monkey skull.
Cody and Sarah were hiding Easter eggs for kids. They hid all of the eggs really well, almost too well. When the kids came out to hunt the eggs, they couldn't find some. Cody and Sarah had forgotten where the prize eggs were! The kids were so upset, and Cody and Sarah never hid eggs again.
James worked at Washington State University. He was the janitor for the whole of the university grounds. Every day at noon the bell in the clock tower would ring. When the bell rang James would take his lunch break. Once he couldn't hear the bell and worked all day long.
Kate started playing the Xbox with her nephew. But a year later she was hooked and played alone. One day she found a new version of the game she always played. They released a new game every year. Kate was shocked to realized she had been playing the Xbox a year.
Darren was in class, waiting for the end of the day. He noted the time on the clock and then distracted himself doodling. Eventually he decided to check the time and saw that it was unchanged. He realized that the clock was completely broken. Luckily, class ended soon after that.
Marley and June have been meeting secretly for years. Recently a coworker saw them in a nearby town. Word began to spread across town. Their spouses eventually filed for divorce. Marley and June married the following spring.
Kelly got her paper back. She was expecting to get a top grade. But she nearly failed. She looked over at her friend who got a perfect grade. Kelly was furious at her.
I went to visit a farm on Friday. It was a long drive to get there. They had a lot of animals. I got to pet the cow. It was a very fun day.
Anna got a cough. She ignored it for a while. It worsened, so she had to seek medical assistance. The doctor said she had pneumonia. Anna was very glad she had sought help!
Sara's brothers was sad. His pet hamster died. Her brother was distant and just stood in his room all day. Sara's check came and Sara went to the pet store. She bought him a new hamster and he was happy.
Miguel threw a pitch at salley. Instead of hitting the ball, she threw the bat. The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit. The official sent her out of the game. Overall, she felt embarrassed.
Jane was on vacation. The room she booked had water damage. Her reservation had to be cancelled at the last minute. All nearby hotels were booked. Jane wound up having to stay slightly out of town.
Anna had danced ballet since the age of four. At fifteen, she was asked to join a ballet company. Anna was so proud and happy. She took their admission test and passed it. Now Anna was an official ballerina!
The diner at the local highway intersection will soon close for good. Many people are sad, but the place was having trouble competing. The employees are hopeful they'll find new jobs quickly. The customers don't know where they'll go for breakfast and lunch now. The owners will miss the diner but are looking forward to retirement.
Lisa went eat out with friends. She was drinking a glass of red wine. One of her friends bumped into her elbow. Lisa spilled wine all over her new white dress. Lisa couldn't get the stain out her dress.
Frank wanted to catch fish at the lake. He woke up early and traveled to the lake. When he arrived, hundreds of people were at the lake. Frank could not even get his boat in the water. Frank when home and did not catch fish.
Miranda was planning on making some hamburgers. She had left her ground beef in the fridge to thaw. When she opened the bag to begin cooking, she smelled something foul. She realized quickly that the beef had gone bad. She threw out the meat and ordered a pizza instead.
Sam was really into gymnastics. His parents didn't support him. He had a big tournament coming up. His parents told him to do chores instead of practice. Sam wound up not doing well at the tournament.
The kids pulled the chairs up to the table. Laughing with joy, they dumped all the puzzle pieces out. For months they placed a few pieces each night after dinner. The kids swooned wish happiness as they placed the last piece in. They felt a sense of accomplishment finishing sixty pieces of sky.
Kim accidentally took her Dad's lunch to school instead of her own. At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich! Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him. She accepted not knowing what she was getting. To her surprise it was her favorite peanut butter and Jelly!
Larry was a poor man who worked hard for what he owned. He was behind on his property taxes. He did not know how he was going to pay them. One day after work he purchased a lottery ticket. He won the jackpot and was able to pay the taxes in full.
It had been raining a lot. Matt's yard was flooded. He found a bunch of little snails in the grass. Matt plucked them out of the yard. He put them in a pond down the street.
Tim was at home with his girlfriend. They decided to watch something on Netflix. Tim wanted to watch a horror movie. His girlfriend wanted to watch a romantic comedy. They got into a big fight over it.
Diana told Nate that she wanted to hang out with him. She recommended a dinner night out. He told her that he only has enough money to pay for himself. She grew angry and said never mind. Although Nate felt guilty, he stopped talking to Diana that day.
The market was rallying. Kelley was not happy about it. She didn't want it to go up that much. She was short. So she was losing money.
My friend Teri is a yoga instructor. She dreamed of owning her own yoga studio. In 2004 she was on the point of signing a lease to rent space. Her son got sick and she had to cancel her plans. She was very sad.
After dinner Gina called her friend Tami Her mother answered. Tami wasn't at home. Gina wondered where she could be. All she could do was ask Tami about it the next day.
Dan was hungry. He went to the kitchen to make a snack. He put a bag of popcorn in the microwave. When it was finished, he put the microwave in a bowl. Dan returned to the couch and watched a movie with his snack.
Craig was an engineer for a technology company. He invented a drone that could stream live video on the Internet. The media reported on the new drone. One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig. A website was made to watch Craig twenty four hours a day.
Ariana overheard a comment that she thought was rude. She posted it on the internet for all to shame. The virtual communities responded with rage. Ariana was happy to see the maker of the comment had lost his job. She was much less happy when she lost her own as well.
My sister-in-law B was driving out yesterday afternoon. She was picking up one of her grandchildren from school. B's daughter wanted her to pick up both of her kids, aged 12 and 9. B refused, as the siblings fight a lot. B picked up the younger kid and the other stayed in after school care.
Ken and Bella were friends who occasionally slept together. One day Bella called Ken and said she was pregnant. Ken was stunned! But after careful thought, he decided to step up. He called Bella and told her he'd gladly be a father to the baby.
Suzy got her sister earrings. But she forgot that she couldn't wear earrings. Unfortunately she couldn't return them. Suzy felt badly. But she decided to get her something else.
Will wanted a tattoo badly. His dad told him he could get one when he turned 18. Will did not want to wait that long. Will's friend told him he could give him a tattoo for free. Will accepted the offer and regretted it for the rest of his life.
Cindy got a new puppy. She hoped the puppy would be her best friend. The puppy doesn't seem to like her very much. However, the puppy loves Cindy's husband. Cindy says she is going to get another puppy, for herself.
Bella woke up early one morning to a cold room. She noticed it was chillier than usual. She decided to look out her window. Everything was covered in fresh white snow. Bella bundled up and ran outside to play in the snow.
Jeff was nervous about the math test scheduled for Friday. He didn't feel confident about the material that would be covered. He asked his parents for help studying. They showed him a website that helped him understand it. After a few nights of studying up, he got an A on the test!
Alfred was eating at a buffet. He piled food high on his plate. When nothing else could be put on his plate, he walked to the table. Alfred spilled food as he walked back. A worker grumpily cleaned up his mess.
I have a pet turtle. I like to let my turtle walk around my apartment. My turtle gets easily lost if I don't keep an eye on him. To solve that, I tied a balloon to him. Now I always know where my turtle is.
Today I decided to try online dating for the first time. I met someone and we hit it off and chatted most of the night. I told him I was excited to meet him because I can't meet good guys. He told me he's been in a mental institution before. He was obsessing over the last girl he broke up with.
Jill went to the doctor for her annual exam. A lump was found on her breast and she needed more testing. She went to a follow up appointment and it was confirmed as cancer. Jill went through several rounds of chemotherapy. Fortunately, she had no signs of cancer following her treatment.
The girls loved making crafts. They learned to make friendship bracelets. They made dozens of them. They wore them proudly. They felt special with their bracelets on!
Janet let herself into her house after school every day. Her mom worked late so she was never home in the afternoons. One day Janet realized she'd forgotten her keys, and was locked out! Janet was cold and scared, but then she remembered a secret. Her mom had hidden a spare key under the flowerpot on the porch!
Tim's grass got too long. He had to cut it or get fined. He decided to rent a riding mower. It took him less time than expected. Tim decided to buy a riding mower eventually.
Ruth was very afraid of beavers. Because of this, she rarely went outside. One day, she decided to fight her fears and see a beaver. After that, Ruth was not afraid of beavers. Now, Ruth even enjoys feeding wild beavers.
Andrew had been working on an album for weeks. He wrote several new songs and did covers of others. When it was time to release the album, he did a lot of promoting. He really wanted people to like the album! It got a lot of buzz and sold a million copies.
We sold our condo in 2013. We received only one bid from a contractor. They offered to waive the inspection to sweeten the deal. We accepted their offer. Luckily for the contractor, the unit was in good shape.
Jim wanted some candy. However, he had no money. He decided to steal candy from the store. The salesman caught him. Jim felt bad and never stole again.
Jason did not have much self esteem. He felt that his body was out of shape. Jason decided to join a gym. Jason worked out at the gym a few times a week. Over a few months, Jason began to feel better about himself.
Ted was walking on an icy sidewalk. He was wearing the wrong kind of shoes. He would slip and try to catch himself on the ice. It took him 50 minutes to walk 50 feet. Ted never leaves home without his snow boots now.
The man poured ketchup. The ketchup spilled over his plate. Nobody in the room seemed to care. The man set the ketchup down so hard that the bottle broke. The crowd clapped with approval.
The girl had been in gymnastics for five years. She still couldn't do a cartwheel! She worked and worked but couldn't figure it out. Her gymnastics coach told her to practice more at home. The girl was determined to nail it.
The Thomas family went on vacation. They stayed in an oceanfront beach house. They had fun swimming in the ocean. Then, the weather turned stormy. The Thomas family had to go home.
Anna wanted to clean up her neighborhood. She took a big bag. Then she set off to pick up all the discarded cans and bottles. Anna made a big difference. And she earned a lot of money by turning in the bottles!
Will was looking for a new shirt. He went to walmart and picked out a rolling stone shirt. He saw that there was a coupon on the shirt. The shirt has a free subscription to the magazine. He was excited and bought the shirt.
Gretchen made enough salad for 10 people. She portioned out the dish into separate, wrapped bowls. Ronald stopped by and picked her up. They arrived at the park where the others were setting up. Once everyone was comfortable, they started eating the meal.
Francine was studying in France as an exchange student. She became this families au pair. The children were devilish though. They tied her shoes together and she tripped. Francine locked the children in their room and gave them no food.
Jeff went with his friends to a bar. They stayed out partying all night. Jeff got home late. He didn't get much sleep. Jeff called in sick to work the next morning.
Susie was late for a meeting. So she ran down her stairs to get ready. Unfortunately she tripped and fell. Susie broke her ankle. She had to get it in a cast.
I had just graduated from university. I was offered a job in a different state. I accepted but I was sad that I would have to leave my friends. I cried when I had to say goodbye to all of them. I learned that saying goodbye will never be easy.
Jack owned a field with four horses. He went to check on his horse one day. There were only three left in the enclosure. Jack looked around the enclosure. He realized the fence was broken.
Tony was given a used dishwasher. He was so excited that he installed it as quickly as he could. He hated washing dishes by hand and gladly started a load. The float got stuck so the dishwasher over flowed with water. His wood floor was destroyed due to his free dish washer.
Rick's mom was going back to work. She was taking Rick to daycare. When they arrived at daycare Rick was happy to see all the toys. When he realized his mom was leaving he began to cry. The new lady picked Rick up and held him till he stopped crying.
John and Danny decided to go for a drive. John didn't realize but he was low on gas. The car started to sputter. The car soon stopped and would go no further. John and Danny had to push the car to a gas station.
Maya did not like to travel. Her parents took her on a long-distance vacation. Maya complained the whole way. Once there, Maya met other children her age to play and laugh with. Soon, Maya decided she actually likes to travel.
Carl promised his wife that they would visit South America one day. After many years of marriage, they had not gone. Carl realized they should not put it off any further. In secret, Carl purchased two plane tickets to Brazil. He surprised his wife with the tickets on her birthday.
My wife makes jewelry. She learned to make it on a plane. She met a lady on a trip and struck up a conversation. The lady taught her to make jewelry. Now she makes extra money by selling jewelry.
Timmy got a new wallet for his sixth birthday. He was excited to put his birthday money in it. He was going to the store to buy a new game. While walking around the store Timmy lost his wallet. He was disappointed about his lost.
Mariam prepared chicken broth in a small pot. When it started to boil, she placed some salt inside of it. Her hand slipped while adding the salt. Therefore, a lot of salt was placed into the soup. The family couldn't eat the soup since it was too salty.
Craig's tv broke. Craig wanted to fix it himself. Craig kept ordering parts to try and fix the tv. After putting in a lot of new parts the tv worked. With all the money Craig spent on parts he could of bought a new tv.
Sammy Slammy was satisfied with his life. He worked from home, so he always had time with his kids. He'd regularly take breaks from work to play with them. One day he was playing, and his boss had sent him about 30 e-mails. Now Sammy's divorced because he has no job.
Halie adopted a foster cat. The cat was disturbed, having been abused in her previous homes. Halie put her full effort into retraining her. The cat would not stop scratching and biting people. Halie had to put the cat down.
John went swimming with friends. They all went to a spot to dive in. John was a bit afraid of jumping at first. His friends eventually convinced him. John wound up having lots of fun.
My daughter cannot make up her mind. She changes movies every thirty seconds. It feels like we go through 80 movies a day. Because of this, I put her movies in a place she cannot reach. Now she has to ask to get her movies.
Betty was a very clean person. Everything in her house had its place. One day when Betty was leaving she couldn't find her keys. Betty looked all over the house but they were nowhere to be found. Betty finally looked outside and found them hanging on the front door.
Ava finished her prayers and scrambled into bed. Dane drank a large glass of water before going to bed. Ava had a nightmare and screamed out for Dane. Dane came running with a bucket of water. Ava said her prayers again while Dane drank the water.
Janet was very thirsty. She went to her kitchen to get a glass of water. When she got there she found that she didn't have any clean glasses. She looked for a coffee mug to drink out of, but there were none. Eventually Janet just drank water out of a bowl.
I decided to go fishing at the local lake. I was there almost two hours before my first bite. After my first bite I starting to reel them in left and right. I guess that timing matters for fishing. I decided to come fishing at a later time next trip.
Stacy was starving. She hadn't eaten all day. She went to a restaurant that was famous for all-day breakfast. She ordered the chicken and waffles. She ate every last crumb!
My girlfriend had never seen a Star Wars movie. We watched three of the, back to back. Afterwards, she said she wasn't interested in seeing any more. She wasn't impressed by Jedis. We broke up a week later.
Tim and Eric went hiking. They went on a multiple day excursion. On their first day they suddenly noticed the sun was setting soon. They quickly stopped and set up the tent in the remaining sunlight. They had a great and successful camping trip.
Lisa was a pilot. She flew a tiny plane across the state. It had engine trouble halfway through the flight. Lisa jumped out with her parachute. She survived!
It was Derrick's birthday. His co-workers decided to buy him a chocolate cake. They didn't know Derrick was allergic to chocolate. Derrick wasn't able to eat the cake. His co-workers brought a lemon cake the next day.
Abby was excited to brew her first cup of coffee. She got all the ingredients together to make everything. She got the liquid out of the pot. She poured the coffee into a cup. By accident she screamed because she spilled some on her.
Tim got drunk and discovered a new show. He went on Netflix and found several seasons on it. Tim kept drinking and binge watching it. The next morning he couldn't remember what he watched. He had to do it all over again.
The man cleaned the garage. He found some stuff. He didn't need it anymore. He had a garage sale. He made five hundred dollars.
My friend Frank loved arancini. They are stuffed rice balls. We ate them at Umberto's in Boston. I went to dinner in Newton with my son this week. I was pleased they had arancini, and ordered two plates.
May and Nic had been married for ten years. May wanted a home of their own! Together they shopped until they found a fixer-upper for $40,000. Nic could do electrical work, roofing and flooring, and drywall. So they signed the deed and officially became homeowners!
The runner rounded 3rd base. The catcher had the ball, waiting to tag the runner out. The runner braced himself for impact. He slammed into the catcher in front of home plate. The catcher sprained his ankle in the collision.
Adam hurried home after school and eagerly turned on his video game. He had been waiting to play all day! But then he saw that his remote was not working. Groaning, Adam remembered he'd forgotten to charge the remote. He was forced to wait another hour while the remote charged.
Jill was cleaning out her daughter's dresser. Her daughter had a lot of clothes that didn't fit. She put all the clothes that didn't fit into a pile. Jill drove to the donation center. She donated the bag of clothes.
Sue's dad took her to a football game last Saturday. They went and watched his college team play. Before the game they tailgated with all his college friends. They ate good food and sang college songs. Their team won and they decided they would go again the next week.
Tim was a picky eater, and an unhappy person. Tim went to a restaurant. Tim ordered food. Tim did not like the food. Tim sent the food back and demanded a refund, causing a scene.
There was something I needed to do. I wrote a note for myself. I stuck it to my door. The next morning I saw my note on the door. I accomplished the task.
Tim got into an argument in class. Tim's classmate threatened to fight him after school. Tim took him seriously. he told his teacher about it. The teacher intervened and got Tim's classmate in trouble.
Gail was thinking on a color for her bridesmaids dresses. After serious contemplation, Gail decided on purple. Gail decided she would tell her bridesmaids about the color choice. After talking, the bridesmaids were thrilled with the color. Gail was glad that her bridesmaids loved the color she picked.
Terrell worked hard to become a pro at producing music. He sub!tired his work to many people and competitions. He won a huge competition and got to go to California. He was offered contracts and accepted one. He celebrated with his friends, then packed up and moved to LA.
Kelsi had very long hair. She needed a small trim. She didn't want to go to someone. So she decided to cut it herself. Afterwards it looked really good.
I was working on my laptop today. Unfortunately I had only a few percent left of battery. I was so close. Ultimately it ended up dying. I couldn't even recharge it.
Toby had never gone through a haunted house before. All his friends told him it was a lot of fun. Toby was nervous, but went along with his friends. Many times throughout the house he got really scared. Afterwards, Toby realized that he really did have a good time.
I saw a pretty girl in the university library. I quickly scribbled out a poem by Keats I had memorized. I walked by the girl's table and slipped her the paper with the poem. I kept walking because I was so nervous. I circled back around to the table to find her gone.
Brad got up early and dressed in his usual suit and tie. He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic. He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy. Brad's boss noticed how hard he has been working lately. At the end of the day Brad's boss gave him a raise for his work.
Darren was getting ready for work. However, he couldn't find his shoe. He looked in the closet. He checked under his bed. Finally he looked down to see that he was wearing them.
Rich got new carpet in his basement. He made a rule that no one could eat or drink down there. One day he took a pop down stairs and left it. His son accidently spilled the pop. He was disappointed in himself.
Gina's dad had been fighting his oldest son. He had pushed his dad, and they began to rumble. Jay walked out the door and slammed it behind him. His dad followed him out yelling the whole time. Gina sat on the couch unable to believe what she was seeing.
Frank's favorite band was in town. He had to go see their concert. He left the house that night with his friend Jim. His tire popped on the way out of the neighborhood. Frank never made it to the concert.
My daughter woke up in the middle of the night. She was very hungry. She went into the refrigerator. She pulled out a bag of carrots. She ate the carrots with ranch dressing.
Mortimer had always wanted to learn to use chopsticks. He decided to practice every Friday night at a Chinese restaurant. After many months, his chopstick skills improved. Now he can eat almost anything using chopsticks. Mortimer feels proud whenever friends see him using chopsticks.
In October of 1997 we went to Nahant Beach. Three sets of parents from our condo went. We all had young kids. It was too cold to swim so the kids hunted sea shells. We got home in the evening, tired.
Zen is a model. His friend Jumin wants him to model for his cat food company. Zen is allergic to cats, so he says no. Jumin keeps calling Zen on the phone until agrees to model for him. Zen sneezes during the photoshoot and they don't get a good picture.
Corky was making minimum wage in an expensive area. He was hungry for lunch, but couldn't afford it. Corky decided to apply for food stamps. Corky was accepted into the program. Corky was then able to eat a bit of food when he was hungry.
Jimmy hated chores. The trash can was full and the trash truck was coming tomorrow. Jimmy decided he didn't want to take the trash out. The trash can broke down from all the trash. Jimmy now had to go to the store to buy a new trash can.
One day there was a robot, named Cyborg who fought for his side. Cyborg fought brave and hard with his friends around him. The robots on the other side where bigger and stronger. Cyborg's side was out numbered by twenty extra robots. Cyborg's side could not beat the extra robots and lost the fight.
When I went to take my driving test my brother had me drive there. I did fine up until parking by the DMV. I accidentally side-swiped an old car while parking. My brother got very mad and had me stop. He told me that he would drive me home and we'd try again later.
The other day my car popped a flat tire. I remembered I didn't have a spare with me. I felt scared and didn't know what to do. Soon after, a stranger stopped and gave a ride into town. Sometimes people's kindness can surprise you.
Sam got a flat tire while going to work. She didn't know how to change a flat tire. She used her phone to watch a video on how to change one. She successfully changed the tire all by herself. She got to work and told everyone how much she loves the internet.
A man was having a really hot night at the craps table. He was doing so well that he drew a big crowd. The crowd cheered him on when he threw. The man tossed a bad roll and lost all his money. He was in such shock he didn't even notice what happened.
I saw a health show on television yesterday. A doctor said people need to eat more vegetables. So, today, I went to the grocery. I bought some broccoli. I always follow good advice.
I was driving home from work on the highway one day. Suddenly, I saw red and blue lights flashing behind me. I pulled over and a cop walked up to my window. I rolled down the window and the cop gave told me I was speeding. I apologized, and then he gave me a warning and I drove home.
Anna's car was running a little rough. She knew it was overdue for an oil change. She had been putting it off because it was expensive. But she decided she had to care for her car. After the oil change, it ran much better!
Amber made plans for Easter. Later her mom asked her to come on Easter. Her mom got really mad that she had plans. Amber offered to change her plans but her mom said no. Her mom won't talk to her now.
Ben was a businessman at a major corporation. He was always on time and worked feverishly. One day, he felt like having some fun in the office. So he screamed, "Hoorah" and threw his papers in the air, and jumped. He was immediately fired.
His lawyer always said tell the police nothing. The cops stared at him in silence. The silence was unbearable. He confessed to the crime just to break the silence. His lawyer would have been very upset.
I went to Chicago on vacation. I was really excited to try some delicious pizza there. On the first day of the trip, I went to a famous pizza restaurant. The pizza was the best pizza I had ever eaten anywhere. Every day on my vacation I ate at the same pizza place.
Our neighbor Tracy has a boy and a girl in elementary school. Ava is 9 and Charles is 7. Tracy said Charles is already having trouble concentrating. She said this always happens the first week of school. She said he will get better next week.
Gina visited a preschool class as a volunteer. She brought fruit-flavored cereal to string on yarn necklaces. Gina was disappointed to see the kids eating the cereal. The teacher told Gina the kids often came to school hungry. Now Gina brings food baskets whenever she volunteers.
Jim and his friends took a vacation to Las Vegas. When they arrived, they checked in at a luxurious hotel. Afterwards, Jim and his buddies went to a nearby casino. While there, they played on the slot machines. After leaving the casino, the friends went back to the hotel room.
Alexandra was invited to a party. She decided she would make cookies to bring to the party. It took her a while, but finally the cookies were done. She packed them up and took them to the party. The cookies were well-received!
Tom was looking forward to the next holiday. It was June at the time. Tom decided to plan a barbecue for Independence Day. He invited all of his friends and family. Everyone enjoyed his party.
One day I decided to get a new type of dish sponge. It was made of a fancy new material that supposedly cleaned better. When I tried using it, though, it started disintegrating! I quickly gave up on it and threw it out. I figured I'd stay with regular old sponges from then on.
Crystal just graduated college. She is trying to find a job. Nobody wants to hire her though. She decides to go get her masters. She goes back to college.
Dan loved to watch Dancing with the Stars. Dan especially loved watching the women do Salsa dancing. In addition, Dan loved hearing the commentary from the judges. Furthermore, Dan learned a few moves from watching the show. Dan could not wait until next week to watch his favorite show.
Rick was at the park with his dad. A lady was walking her small dog on a leash. As she talked to dad rick played with the puppy. When it was time to go the rick wanted the puppy to stay. Rick began to cry as the lady and her puppy walked away.
Tim stayed up all night watching television. He then slept it most of the day. The following night he wasn't sleepy. He tried to force himself to sleep. Unfortunately Tim just tossed and turned on the bed.
Anna was on vacation. She decided to take pictures to remember it. She went to the store. Then she bought a disposable camera. She snapped lots of photos during her trip!
Kelsi decided to make a pizza. She got the ingredients together and started cooking. After a few minutes she put it in the oven. She unfortunately forgot about it. She then ended up having to throw it out for being burnt.
Tom cut his leg. Tom was bleeding and coloring his sock red. Tom applied a large bandage. Tom was able to stop the bleeding. Tom was relieved to resolve his problem.
Ed felt sleepy in the early afternoon. He took a nap under a large tree. While he was napping, a great cloud covered the sun. He woke up and saw how dark it was. Ed thought that it was night time.
Zeta had been bullied most of her life. One girl in grade school had been the worst. Zeta was shocked when her enemy of so many years ago got into the cab. The girl didn't recognize her, or the danger. Zeta dumped her body in the river.
Manny's desk was dirty. He decided to clean it. First, he got rid of all of the trash. Then, there were some dishes to put in the sink. Finally, he organized all of his stuff.
Eddie wanted to try the diving board at the public pool. He had seen divers use it gracefully, and he envied them. He climbed to the top of the board and looked down. Then he did his best attempt at a graceful dive. Poor Eddie ended up doing a large cannonball instead!
Jill had to get a new pair of shoes. Her shoes would get wet whenever she went outside in the snow. She ordered a pair of heavy duty boots from Amazon. They arrived the very next day. Jill played in the snow with her new boots after.
Gary heard about the new carnival rides coming to town. Gary decided it would be fun to check the rides out. As Gary arrived, he noticed a huge roller coaster. Gary purchased a ticket for the roller coaster and waited in line. Gary was so excited to be riding the roller coaster at the carnival.
The Schorr family went on a camping trip one summer. Tristan lost one of his shoes. They drove back to the campsite. They set out to look for it. Tristan found it at the base of a tree.
I wanted to make an interesting halloween drink. I purchased red and green fruit flavors. I poured them into the dispenser compartments. They combined when served to make a cherry lime flavor. Everyone loved the drinks.
Luana was watching TV. She saw something that made her cry. She called her mother. Her mother gave Luana advice on how to deal with emotions. Luana learned to cope.
Jill had her friends over to make pizzas for her birthday. There would be a prize for most creative. One girl combined sausage, pineapple, onions and zucchini strips. It sounded odd but it was delicious. She won the prize.
Renee was feeling very sick and was in and out of the hospital. It seemed serious to her but her friends did not believe her. Her friends thought she was faking it and was not sick. As a result her friendships started to crumble. Renee them realized these were not her real friends.
Juanita had been single ever since her husband died. She had always hoped to fall in love again. She tried meeting a man through classified ads and online. After Years of trying to meet another man, she lost hope. Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life.
Jarvis woke up early on Sunday because of noisy birds near his window. He spent the morning running errands. Later during the day, he felt sleepy and took a nap. However, this made it difficult for him to sleep on Sunday night. As he lay in bed, he felt angry at the loud birds.
It was the first time Janet and her husband were going to buy a house. The first house that was shown was absolutely amazing. Janet really wanted to buy the house but it was too expensive. Luckily the relator negotiated a very good price for the house. Janet and her husband were due to move in a few weeks.
Jill sighed lightly. It was another ordinary day at the office. Jim was making bird sounds. That's when Jill snapped. She called out everyone on their ironic nerdiness.
Julie liked putting pom poms on lots of things. She sewed them to curtains and dresses and lampshades. She attached them to the last item in her home and changed her mind. She didn't like pom poms anymore. She had to start to remove them all!
My high school band went to New york. I was only 14 years old. We packed way too much into the trip. We were always in a rush. It was an exhausting experience.
Kim and Tim went to the fair. Kim really wanted to try riding the Ferris Wheel, but she was afraid. Tim promised he would hold her hand the whole time. Kim worked up the courage and agreed. She ended up loving the Ferris Wheel and rode it four more times!
There was a woman I saw every day at the coffee shop. She worked there in the mornings. I wanted to ask her out on a date. I finally got the courage to ask her. Unfortunately, I asked her right in front of her husband.
A man walked into a barber shop and wanted to buy all the cut hair. The barber never had anyone ask for it so he didn't know what it cost. The barber told him it would cost $50 for it all. The man paid him the money and demanded the barber's own hair too. The barber thought it was far and shaved head head on the spot.
Anna's dad was staunchly against central air conditioning. They lived in a very hot clime, but he thought it was too pricey. Then one summer, daily temperatures stayed over 100 degrees! Anna's dad had to cave in and change his mind. He had central air conditioning installed that very week!
Last year was supposed to be my 10 year high school reunion. Many people tried and failed to plan something. Finally one person made restaurant reservations. Fifty people agreed to attend. The night of the event, no one showed up.
Anna was making scrambled eggs. She used her new frying pan and favorite spatula. But the spatula was metal. It left scratches on Anna's new pan. She was very unhappy when she saw them.
Larry rode his new mountain bike up the trail. He pedaled faster than was safe. He suddenly tumbled off and into a ditch! Larry only skinned his knee, and the pain faded shortly. He rode back down without hurting himself any more.
John went to the movie theater. John went to see the new action movie. Someone waved a gun in the movie theater. John was immediately afraid. John left the theater in a hurry.
Tony was attracted to his classmate Nia. He heard that Nia loved elephants. One day Tony brought Nia a plush elephant as a gift. Nia smiled and hugged Tony. To her, it was the best gift she had ever received.
Tom was at a baseball game. It started to rain a bit. After a while it got much worse. They had to call off the game. Tom was disappointed he didn't get to see the end.
Tim worked at a busy office. He was always losing his pens. He decided to get really silly colorful ones. Tim was able to keep track of them much better. He lost a lot less pens after that.
Carl couldn't find his favorite pair of mittens. He could only find one mitten from two different pairs. All day people kept remarking on his odd mitten choice. Car liked all the attention he was getting because of it. At the end of the day, he declared this pair as his new favorite.
Jim likes to take his truck and go mudding. He plans to go to the river bottom tomorrow. He gets in his truck and arrives at the river bottom soon after. He notices it's all dried up and he can't go mudding today. It then starts raining very hard and soon enough there is mud.
Amber is driving down the road. Her car begins to make a loud noise. She pulls over to see what's wrong. She pops the hood and smoke flies everywhere. Amber calls for help and waits.
Sarah planned a dinner party. She invited her friends and family. She shopped for food and decorations in town. Sarah waited for her guests but no one arrived. Sarah realized she had told everyone the wrong date.
Jim and his friends started skating. Jim had to borrow his friends board and wanted a new one. He asked his parents for a new skateboard. They took him to the local sport store. He looked around and found a board he likes.
Ann and her friend went mini golfing. The two had fun back and forth. Ann was winning at first. But then she hit the ball and it went in the water. She thought it was hilarious and got another ball.
Stacy bought a new pair of holey jeans. They were in style for the summer. She decided to wear them school. However, when she got to school she was sent to the office. The principal wrote her up for dress code violation.
Monica was putting her baby down for a nap. She laid the baby in it's crib and tried to leave. The baby started crying immediately. Monica had so stay with the baby or else he would cry. It took nearly thirty minutes to get him to go to sleep.
Oprah loved to bicycle around town. Oprah noticed that there were no bike lanes. Oprah went to the city council. Oprah convinced them to make bike lanes. Oprah was very happy riding on the new bike lanes.
We bought a condominium in 1987. The noise became bad after a neighbor installed hardwood flooring. We hired a person to put in a dropped ceiling. It did not dampen the sound much. We sold the condo in 2013.
Debora went to a roller rink. She had never been roller skating before. She was bad at staying on her feet and kept falling. On one of her falls she sprained her ankle. She swore she would never go roller skating again.
Kelsi really wanted a new car. She begged a lot for it. Her parents finally gave in. They bought her a beautiful one. Kelsi was speechless.
David loved books. He wanted to read a new novel so he decided to go to the bookstore. The book was sold out. He decided to go to the library. He yelled in joy when the library carried the book.
Luke broke his phone. He knew he had to get a new one. Luke went to the electronics store. He bought a brand new phone. He was excited to have a working phone again.
Jenny and her boyfriend watched a movie about a boy and his dog. Jenny wiped back tears when the dog in the movie went missing. Her boyfriend teased her about being so soft-hearted. When the movie dog was found, Jenny heard a strange sound. She turned and saw her boyfriend was softly sobbing.
Andre was a gamer his whole life. He always wanted to become a professional gamer. He and his friends made a team. They practiced heavily for the upcoming tournament. They ended up getting first place at the tournament.
Jim forgot to logout of facebook. His girlfriend tried to use the computer. She noticed he had messages from several girls. Jim had been cheating for months. He was dumped immediately.
My chorus teacher said she had lost all respect for me. I let Jonathan sit in the seat by the window. He did not want to give up his seat. I told him I wanted to look at the buildings. Our choir was in Chicago to perform.
The men were planning something big. They had a plot to kidnap the mayor. They snuck into his building with a gun. The mayor saw an opening and ran away. The plot had been foiled.
The doctor came in and told me he had suffered brain damage. I told him my son was beautiful and perfect, and I would love him. Regardless of his special needs, the boy became my world. I raised him with all the love in my heart. I only wanted to see him succeed in life.
Stephen's football team was down by three points late in the game. The quarterback got the team into field goal range. Stephen would attempt a field goal as time expired. The ball was snapped to the holder. Stephen tied the game with a made field goal.
Ben was a very good painter. He could see anything and reproduce it on a canvass. This gift enabled him to be very creative. And he soon became very famous for his contemporary touch. He only wish he liked any of the painting he did for others.
Lenny is an actor. He has been acting for a long time. He has never won an award. He gets nominated for a movie he did. He goes to the show and he finally wins an award.
Kelly brought her dog to the park. She was having a nice walk. All of the sudden she saw a sign. The sign said no dogs allowed. Kelley was horrified.
When I was a kid I wanted to be really good at playing violin. I practiced all the time to be really good. After a few months of practicing I did get really good. I was so good that people wanted me to play for them. I'm really glad that I practiced so hard.
Billy wanted to be president of the United States. Billy bribed local politicians and rose to power in politics. Billy then ran for president for the Democratic party. Billy garnered enough votes after election were held. Billy then became president of the United States.
John grew up in an orphanage. He became a very wealthy and successful adult. John was very thankful to the orphanage and all they did. He wanted to give back in a great way. John donated one million dollars to the orphanage.
Tim went on vacation. Tim went to the Florida Keys. Tim camped out there. Tim never used the air conditioner and was very hot. Tim stumbled upon a free air conditioned museum and enjoyed it.
The woman ordered a martini. She asked for a it to be dry. The bartender gave her a normal martini. She repeated that she wanted a dry martini. The bartender fixed her order.
The family packed their belongings and started to depart on their trip. They were headed to Mexico. On the way there they stopped near the border. A border patrol officer checked their documents. They were able to safely make it to their designation in Mexico City.
Sue let the cats in early in the morning. They were at the door, wanting breakfast. After their breakfast, they got a little rowdy. They were zooming around the room, batting at each other. She put them back outside to let them run it out.
My Neighbor plays his music very loud. I have asked him to please turn it down many times. One Sunday evening I put speakers in my window. I then blasted opera for two hours. He has not played his music loud since then.
Sean was traveling on a bus. A passenger became ill and someone started to film it. Sean felt uncomfortable and asked the woman to stop. The woman responded by yelling at him and threatening him. Sean decided to give up and kept to himself.
Michael's birthday was coming up. His brother wanted to surprise him. His brother called Michael's wife and arranged to fly in town. Michael's day arrived and his brother was at his front door. Having his brother in town was his favorite gift.
James liked to be organized. He jotted down notes in his notebook. He would write to-do lists and reminders. One day, James forgot to write down and appointment. He missed the meeting!
Jane stepped atop the stool and tried to mount the tall horse. Her coach assisted her to gain her balance. Jane realized that she was quite a distance away from the ground. Starting to feel too nervous, she asked to dismount the horse. This is how Jane's first and last horse riding lesson ended.
My boss asked me to find the mean value of a data set. I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set. He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate. I told him it was because the data was not symmetrical. He thanked me for my brilliant insight into the problem.
Kelly has never been to a Broadway show before. She was excited. When she got there it looked amazing. To her delight she was able to go backstage. When she met the actors she was elated.
Gage's school day had been cancelled due to rain. He rode the bus home. Gage got off the bus and started to walk to his house. The driveway was flooded! Gage rolled up his pants so he wouldn't get them wet.
My Armenian girlfriend accompanied me to the South of France. It was only one in a series of business trips we would make that year. Natives were impressed with her grasp of the language. She had been exposed to the culture in various ways growing up. In turn, my being exposed to this made me an expert without textbooks.
Tim investigated high end speaker systems. It seemed that every brand had some weakness. He found a set branded as Martin Logan speakers. The weakness of Martin Logan speakers is the low end frequencies. But they make sound by vibrating a single plastic sheet.
When my parents came home, I was scared. I tried to influence them that a stranger tried to attack me. Since there was no proof that he did, my parents were confused. They also didn't believe me. I felt hopeless and decided to give up.
Reese was at school. He was taking a test when his head began to hurt. His teacher sent him to the nurse's office where he laid down. The nurse hoped that laying down would help him feel better. Unfortunately, it didn't so he had his mom pick him up.
Dan was planning a party for his two year old daughter. Dan decided the theme would be Minnie Mouse. Dan would purchase a Minnie Mouse cake as well. In addition, Dan decided he have someone dress up as Minnie Mouse. Dan could not wait to see his daughter's face at her birthday party.
Carla went shopping and her credit card was declined. She checked her account online to see what the issue could be. She noticed hundreds of dollars in charges that she hadn't made! Carla called her bank to report fraud. The bank returned her money in less than an hour.
Jan applies to a student exchange program. She is excited when she learns that she was accepted. Jan goes to Japan and learns all about Japan and it's culture. Jan makes friends with the children in her foster family. She loved it so much that she visits Japan frequently as an adult.
My cousin had a birthday party at the park with our family. After she blew her candles, everyone started to eat. When everyone was relaxing for a few minutes, the table broke. It snapped in half and all of the food went on the floor. I decided to clean it up immediately.
What marvelous inventions will they come up with next, thought Jan. The cordless and wireless bluetooth speaker in her palm was tiny. The salesman at the store showed her how to pair it with her phone. Jan stood there, listening to the music from her phone to the speaker. Jan walked out of the store with a new toy to play with.
I had an interview. I got dressed in my suit. Then I realized I didn't know how to tie a tie. I decided to go to the interview without a tie. I didn't get the job and learned I should wear a tie next time.
Who doesn't love pizza? Sam sure did so he ordered 3 larges. He saw a hungry kitten and felt bad. Sam decided to go outside and give the kitten some pizza. The kitten and Sam are now best friends.
Beth's children need her help to raise money for a fundraiser. Beth agrees to help the children bake some brownies. They have a lot of fun making brownies. They all go watch a movie while the brownies cook. Beth gets so caught up in the movie she forgot about the brownies!
Walking on the beach is one of my favorite activities. The other day I found a sand dollar. I haven't seen one of those in years. Usually they are out farther on the sand bars. I left it there for someone else to find.
Maurice loves to paint. He paints a new painting every week. His friend owns an art gallery. His friend asked to put his art in the gallery. Maurice now makes a living as an artist.
Billy loved basketball he wanted to play for his school's team. He tried out for the team and didn't make the cut. He was determined to make the team next year. He worked hard all summer long to improve. The next year he made the team and one of the starting five positions.
Once there was a man and woman in a tiny flat. One day the woman came back to her flat and thought she saw some rats. She looked at the 6 rats and it turned out they were stray cats. They were skinny and looked like they'd be on the streets for a while. The lady and the man decided to give them a home in their tiny flat.
Marcus had never liked reading much. He always watched TV instead, to his parents' disappointment. Eventually his best friend Benny recommended a mystery series. Marcus was skeptical, but tried the first book. He absolutely loved it, and his parents were overjoyed.
The kids all climbed on the school bus. The bus monitor was home sick so they could go nuts! They threw things out the window and yelled at each other. The driver pleaded with them to be quiet. They continued to make noise until they arrived at the school.
Lea thought she might be pregnant. She bought a test to be sure. She hoped she was not pregnant! When she checked the results, she sighed with relief. The test was negative.
Charles went to see his cousin, Man, in a karate tournament. In the championship round, the opponent made an illegal move. He broke Man's leg and Man had to forfeit. Therefore Charles trained for a year as a kickboxer. Charles fought the Champion and won for his cousin Man.
Sam was a middle school student. He was the tallest student in his school. He went on to play middle school basketball. He then played for the high school team. He earned a full ride college scholarship and made his parents proud.
Sally wanted to get a new haircut. She had always wanted to try short hair but was scared. She finally decided to do it. She chose a cute style and did it. Sally cried for hours after and vowed to never cut her hair again.
The wife loved cooking. She liked to try new things often. One of her favorite recipes was quiche. She would add lots of different things to it. It was a great way to experiment with new ingredients.
Danny was walking to high school one morning. As Danny walked to his high school a drug dealer approached him. The drug dealer offered Danny a bag of pot. Danny refused to take the bag of pot and continued walking. Danny made it to his high school safely.
At my discipleship school, we all had a chance to lead worship. One day I volunteered although I'd never done it before. I prepared by choosing the songs, singing them, and praying. When my day to lead finally came I was a little nervous. Regardless, it turned out to be a very sweet experience among family.
Tim loved chatting on his cell phone. For Christmas his parents wanted to get him a phone gift. They debated over the perfect gift. On Christmas, they handed Tim his gift. He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card!
Billy liked sixth grade, but sometimes other boys teased him. They called him a weakling because he didn't have any muscles yet. Finally, sick of the mocking, he started lifting weights after school. After a few weeks, he challenged another boy to an arm wrestle. Billy beat the other boy effortlessly!
One day Anita and her friends decided to go skiing. First they rode up the hill. Then they skied down it. Anita was scared at first. But she ended up having a lot of fun!
Eric went to class without a pencil. He kept asking his classmates for a pencil. Nobody had one. He did not know what to do so he asked his teacher. She gave him one.
Hugh was a terminally ill child. He was able to make a wish thanks to a charity. He wished he could accompany Lucy Liu to her next premier. Luckily she agreed and Hugh was able to go with her. Hugh had a great time and the died shortly after.
Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter. She brought spare socks to her desk at work. One day her socks were soaked so she changed them. She put her wet boots on to go to the bathroom. Kim accidentally wet her spare socks in the process.
Clemson was hiking in the Amazon rainforest. He wandered upon an uncontacted tribe. They gave chase, and shot arrows as warning. Clemson had an idea, and pulled out his Iphone. He played a video, and the tribesmen ran.
Jack met a girl he thought was beautiful. He didn't know what to say so he was embarrassed. He finally got up the nerve to talk to her. He couldn't get the words out. She kissed him despite this.
Randy was a famous basketball player. Suddenly, people exposed him for having an affair. This caused a lot of problems. He got kicked off the team. He now has to find a new job.
Brandon wanted to be in the school play. He practiced lines and auditioned for the part he wanted. He was happy to learn he got the part. He didn't realize how much work he was in store for. On opening night he realized what the hard work was for.
Linda's toddler broke her tv. She wanted to replace it but on a budget. She looked around and compared prices online. She found a great deal with a discount at Target. Linda bought the tv and was satisfied her purchase.
Chris recently noticed a huge bald spot in the center of his head. Chris tried every available product to help hair grow on the spot. However, his hair never grew back. Chris decided it would be best for him to go completely bald. Chris was pleased with his new completely bald head now.
The family went downtown. They were going to the annual Art Fair. They looked at all the paintings and sculptures. They loved seeing the amazing work of the artists. They were excited to come back to the event next year.
Jill worked at the library. Recently a patron has been bothering her. She told her co-worker about her issues. Jill's co-worker told their boss. The boss spoke to the patron and the situation was resolved.
A man built a cabin on a hilltop by the sea. The view was lovely. One spring, though, a hurricane came. The land below the cabin gave out in the rain. The cabin slid down the hill and drifted away on the tide.
Gina was supposed to go to the principal's office. But she was wandering the halls of the school instead. She peeked through a window into her sister's class. But she couldn't get her attention. She decided she had better leave before the teacher saw her.
Gina had snapped her windshield wiper blade. She could see the blade hanging from the track. She looked it over to see how bad it really was. She pushed everything back in place and sat it back on the window. She figured it would have to do until she could replace it.
Emma and Eugene were married for seventy years. Both were gravely ill and celebrated their anniversary in a hospital. Doctors told their large family that the couple had a few days left. The family had Emma and Eugene moved into the same hospital room. The elderly couple passed away that night holding hands.
Steve wanted to impress a girl at school with his fencing skills. He challenged a new student, Napoleon, to a fencing match. Steve didn't know Napoleon was actually a great amateur fencer. Napoleon beat Steve very easily in the match. Napoleon took the girl out that weekend instead of Steve.
Debbie wanted to show her kids how to make popcorn on the stove. She gathered them around to watch. She put oil and a cup of popcorn kernels in the kettle on the burner. The kids got excited as the popcorn overflowed the kettle. Debbie laughed and pretended she did it on purpose.
Sam tried out for track and made the team. He was nervous for his first track meet. His parents were there to watch him run. During his first event, Sam tripped and fell. He was so embarrassed that he dropped out of the team.
Tom was about to turn thirty. He had never had a proper birthday party. His wife and kids knew this. They decided to throw him a surprise birthday party. Tom was very excited and happy about it.
George wanted to own a kitten. His parents told him he could have one on one condition. George first had to prove his responsibility by caring for a plant. The plant he acquired was a small plumeria tree. It withered within a few months and George sadly accepted his fate.
Cassie was making marinara sauce for cheese sticks. It was a lot of work but she did not want to buy it in a jar. She followed her mom's recipe. She waited for it to simmer. When she finally tasted it, it was perfect!
A young couple saved up a great deal of money. They wanted to use it to buy a house for their newborn son. They bought the land, and the structure began to take shape. Yet, a storm hit and destroyed the unstable structure. Even worse, the couple was working in the house when it collapsed.
My dog howls when she wants attention. Last night she wanted food, so she howled a long time. I finally gave up and gave her some of my chicken. I was still hungry, so I made some more. She started howling for that too.
The wind died down. The climbers decided to press on. They got to an exposed place. A storm blew in fast. The climbers had to seek shelter.
Today I rode on an airplane. I was traveling from Orlando, FL to Washington, DC. We hit bad turbulence while in the air. It scared me. I'm glad to be safely on the ground and for the trip to be over.
Ivy hated washing dishes, but it was her turn to do them. She offered her roommate $5 to wash them. Ivy's roommate considered, then accepted. Ivy paid the roommate $5. Then she sat back happily and watched her friend wash the dishes!
Stephen wanted to propose to Sally. Stephen knew he wanted to make it special. He set up the perfect date. He took Sally on a date. He proposed to Sally!
We spent 4 days in Rome not long ago. While we were there, the weather was perfect, except one day. While standing by the Trevi Fountain, the sky got dark. All the sudden, giant hail balls came down. We ran into the first store we found and watched the hail come down.
When my nephew was 12 he had a bike accident. His hand was badly cut. He called me and I took him to the ER. His mom was at bingo in NH. He got three stitches in his hand.
Taylor had terrible acne. She always ate fried food. One day, she decided to quit eating so unhealthy. Her acne slowly started to go away! Now she eats healthy food every day.
Kim needed directions to a store. She decided to use the directions on her phone. The final direction was to turn into a driveway. When Kim turned it was a dead end. The phone had given her horribly wrong directions.
Jimmy Carr was a speedster. He would go out at night and race his friends on old country roads. One night, Jimmy was racing and had almost won. A cow ran out onto the road in front of him. Jimmy slammed into the cow and flew from his car and hit the pavement.
When she was a child, Jen's mother was harshly critical of her looks. She was not allowed to choose clothes in stores or dress herself. In first grade, her mom hurtfully mocked her for wearing jewelry. As an adult, it took Jen years to find her style and gain confidence. She now works hard to encourage self-expression in her own children.
I was always afraid of the Doctor. I decided to never go. One day I got very sick. The doctor gave me medicine to help me feel better. After that, i always loved the doctor.
Samantha is not a morning person. She was running late for work on Monday. She had no coffee and low blood sugar. Once she got to work she was mean to everyone. She was almost fired over it.
Dan was setting up all his dominoes. He lined them up all over the house. Then he carefully knocked over the first one. The whole sequence of dominoes toppled over. Dan was thrilled with his crafty work!
I dropped my old phone. I had to buy a new one. I made sure to buy a new case as well. I dropped the new phone by accident. My phone did not get cracked.
Two actors were in competition for a spot in a dog food commercial. The director could not decide between them so he offered a solution. Whichever actor are more of the dog food would do the commercial. The actors ferociously ate the dog food until they were too full. Soon after one actor vomited and he was declared the loser.
Julie got her son, Jason,  Legos for his birthday. Jason loved his Legos, but would leave them strewn across the floor. Julie often stepped on the Legos, which was very painful. She decided to wear slippers to protect her feet from Jason's toys. Jason grew up to be a messy, disorganized adult.
The man bought a skateboard. He rode the board down the street. One of the wheels fell off. He took the board back to the shop. He asked the shop to fix it.
John was hiking in the woods when he came across huge tracts. Curious, he followed them until he came upon a bear like creature. It charged at him and he ran. Just as it was about to get him it stepped in a trap. John got away but never went hiking again.
Katie was excited to find a cocoon in her backyard. She put the cocoon in a jar to await its metamorphosis. Katie pictured the beautiful butterfly that would emerge. One day, Katie saw the cocoon had opened. In the jar was an ugly brown moth.
John burned his favorite candle before a date. He was sure he would impress this girl. She came over and noticed the smell. She found it to be enchanting and was excited. They fell in love then.
My Chinese friends in church were seeing each other. They had the same surname but were not related. Their parents felt they were related. They tried breaking up but decided to get married instead. They have been married for thirty years.
Vera's roommate, Liz, was overly proud of her home state. She sung its virtues every chance she got. Vera quickly tired of hearing about how wonderful Liz's state was. She started to make subtle gibes at it every chance she got. Vera had trouble containing her laughter when she saw how mad Liz got.
Roger Rumface was depressed. He'd gone to college to better himself. Unfortunately, all of his classes were useless to him. Roger became increasingly disillusioned with higher education. Until one day he became an advocate for collegiate reform.
Gina's friend Tami had a colorful new folder. Gina asked where she got it. But Tammy didn't remember. She would have to check with her mom and get back to her. It was hard, but Gina had to be patient.
Mike loved to work out. It made him feel good, but wished he had someone to work out with him Then he met Sarah at the gym. They started working out together. They both loved to workout.
Larry has always been single. He has always wanted that special someone. He heads to the bar to find a lady. He finds a woman. He falls in love and marries her.
Emma bought a dress for the dance. She tried it on and it fit beautifully. She went to get dressed for the dance. She found that the clasp had broken. She safety pinned it together and went to the dance.
Kelly and her friends were vacationing in Dubai. When the girls got to the hotel, they were shocked. The hotel was underwater. The girls looked and saw sharks. They immediately booked the room again for next year.
Dad loves cooked beans. Dad puts bacon in his beans. The beans cook all day. They smell really good. But they are Dad's.
Carl was looking through his garage. And he found one of his very old guitars. It brought back a lot of memories. But he found out that it was worth thousands of dollars. Carl almost sold it but realized the memories were more important.
Harrison is on a basketball team. Every year they play in the championship. The star player broke his leg last month. The team lost the championship. They will practice harder for next year.
Harper was the know-it-all of his scout troop. The other boys always followed Harper's rules without question. It all changed when they went on their overnight camping trip. Harper explained he needed no compass and hiked alone without it. They found him hours later, crying and embarrassed under a tree.
I pride myself on the quality of my packets. I produce reports for my workplace that are well-organized. One month I had to make a packet about the company's healthcare. It was hugely complicated and full of sections with caveats. Still I like to think that I made a clear informational packet.
John was driving down the interstate at night. He noticed a car that had pulled over to the shoulder. John stopped and got out to ask if he could help. John noticed a baby in the car but no adult. John called 911 and notified the police of what he saw.
Hugo was feeling very down one day. So he decided to drink at the bar. He got very drunk. Maria, his friend, saw this behavior. And she drove him home to help him.
Tommy got the phone call that no one ever wants to get. He was told that his father was involved in a serious car accident. Tommy rushed to the hospital to see how his father was doing. The doctor told Tommy that the emergency surgery was successful. Tommy visited his dad every day for a week before taking him home.
Alison is really good at her job. She is an operations coordinator for a non-profit organization. She started working there a year and a half ago. Things in the department have been much better since she started. Many people hope she never leaves.
Fred and jerry were best friends. They both liked this girl, helen. They decided to fight for her. Jerry won so he asked her out. Helen declined.
Sophia needed a new hair style. She went to a salon and asked for a cut. Then, she decided to dye her hair. When she was all done, she looked completely different. Everyone who knew her loved the changes.
Walter had a book review due at the end of the week. He had waited until the last minute to start reading the book. Walter still had 200 pages left to read. He had to stay up late every night reading. He barely finished the project on time.
Ida vowed to eat more veggies. Each day for lunch she took a bag of carrot sticks to eat. Then she made a salad with dinner. Eating more veggies was turning out to be delicious! In a month she had doubled her daily vegetable intake!
Jim stopped to watch the sunset at the park on his way home from work. There were many other people there also watching. When the sun set, it was too dark for anyone to see the trail. Jim had remembered to bring a flashlight and led everyone back. All the people thanked Jim for his preparedness.
A friend of ours told us to watch a show called Blippy. It is this odd show on Youtube. It is nothing special, just a show aimed for kids. It made me think I can maybe create a show. I should really think about doing that and making a ton of money.
Em wanted to have a cookout for her friends. She thought it would be complicated, but then she sat down. She made a list of what she'd need to do and buy. It turned out to be much simpler than she'd thought! Em made plans for her cookout right away!
Friday was finally here, and there was a nervousness in the air. The game would be starting soon, and the players were ready hours ago. The referee's whistle blew, and the hum of the lights filled the air. The game was a tough battle between two great teams. The night ended with a clear winner, although it was a great game.
Gina wanted to marry a rich man. So she frequented a rich neighborhood to attract one. While on the subway to get there, she met Matt. He was poor, but her heart started to beat faster. She gave up her dream to marry a rich man to marry love instead.
A man bent over. His pants ripped. He was embarrassed. He decided to buy a new pair. He bought a new pair.
Jake was going to his son's little league game. He promised he wouldn't miss this one. Unfortunately on the way there he got into a car crash. Jake died on the way to the hospital. His son was devastated about the broken promise for several reasons.
The woman had lived in Reno for twenty years. She had a nice house in Reno with two stories. One day she got very sad and tried to kill herself. Her sons helped her get better then insisted she move to Washington. She now lives in Washington and is very happy.
I was at an outdoor mall. But it was really hot. I was getting very sweaty. So I decided to wash my armpits at an empty public bathroom. I was glad nobody walked in.
Zelda's family came from wealth. She lived in a large mansion with a dozen bedrooms. Every weekend extravagant parties would be thrown. All the guests would compliment Zelda's luxuries. Despite this, Zelda was actually sad and lonely.
Someone tried to pickpocket Brian. Brian saw it coming though. Brian stopped his hand from reaching in. He then scolded the man. The man left and apologized.
There was a senior assembly in the auditorium today. The cheerleaders presented first. Macy climbed on top of a pyramid formed between her friends. She slipped and fell down. At the same time, the spirit baton she held dropped on the ground.
Bill was a trombone player. He had a lot of gigs. On Tuesday he supposed to have two gigs. He had to cancel one. The leader of the band was mad at him.
Helen's family drove to the mountains to go for hike. She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come. The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path. Her dog took off running after a rabbit. She called him and he finally came back to her.
Mark started practicing ballet. His father disapproved and beat him. Mark didn't give up and became an expert. His father eventually went to one of his performances. His father fell in love with ballet and apologized to Mark.
Allie set her alarm to eight in the morning. As soon as it went off she was annoyed. She did not want to get up. So she set it to snooze. She slept another half hour.
Timothy had decided to go on a long hike in the mountains. Timothy prepared for the hike by packing many supplies into his pack. Timothy began his long hike up the mountain. The pack was so heavy that Timothy began to toss items as he hiked. By the time Timothy reached the peak, his pack was empty.
My most embarrassing story occurred near the end of grade school. I was wearing a stiff new pair of jeans. I quickly squatted during a game in PE. The jeans ripped up the middle and everyone saw my underwear. My mother had to bring me a new pair of pants.
Sam believed that it was wrong to keep animals at pets. So he decided to set them all free. He opened backyard gates everywhere he went to release pets. And if he saw a leashed animal, he set it free. But eventually, he was put in jail.
Tim tried to bake blueberry muffins. He spooned the batter into cups and put them in the tray. When the tray was ready, he took it out of the oven. His muffins smelled delicious. He tasted them and found they tasted just as yummy!
Kim had recently been divorced from her husband. She felt like she needed a new big change in life. She asked her hair stylist friend to give her a new do. After several minutes of cutting, her friend revealed the look. Kim was thrilled with her new A-line bob.
Sergio lived in a huge estate for three years. He was fed up with the massive bills and costs. He needed a change, so he sold the big house. He also sold his large scale items and bought a tiny house. Surprisingly, Sergio was happy with his new digs and settled in.
My husband and I went to the animal shelter to find a puppy. There were so many beautiful dogs at the shelter. We finally decided on the perfect little puppy! We were so happy to have found this dog. When we got him home, he was so happy too!
John wanted to be an explorer after retiring. He had to raise money and use his retirement money to fund his journey. He explored many lands from deserts to forests to mountains. He was thrilled at seeing so many places. He took man photographs which he would show to his grandchildren.
Kelly needed cheese for her chicken parm. She found a bag of mozzarella in her fridge. She started to sprinkle it over her chicken, then stopped. She saw that there was green mold on the shredded cheese! Disgusted, Kelly threw the cheese into the trash bin.
Amanda was in the car with her dad one night. She was zoned out when she saw something. A shooting star ripped across the sky. She had never seen one before. She made sure to make a wish.
My friend Alexis was 22 when she moved into the building. She was thin and attractive. Alexis was a Spanish major, and talked to a man in the building. The man put his hand on her back once and she left. She never approached the man again.
Ryan had a new car with a GPS installed on it. He felt excited about his new purchase. A lot of time was spent bragging about the GPS feature. One day, Ryan was lost and the GPS kept sending him in circles. After that, Ryan stopped bragging about his GPS.
Kelly loved her new iPad. She took it everywhere with her. One day she took it to the park. To her dismay the iPad fell out of her hands. It ended up smashing.
Amy was in history class. Suddenly there was an alarm blaring. She grabbed her things and headed for the door. She hated school and hoped it were a real fire. To her dismay it was only a drill.
Susan loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails. On her most recent ride, Susan forgot her helmet. Susan's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path. Susan fell off of her horse and cut her head. Susan needed stitches to close the cut on her head.
Tom bought a new bluetooth headset. It was small and portable. Tom lost it within a week. It was too small to find easily. Tom would keep losing it.
Sam had never been to a fancy restaurant. He realized they had valet parking. He was ashamed of his modest car. He could also not afford to tip. Sam decided to park down the street instead.
Pam needed a new pair of slippers. She had worn hers out. She couldn't decide on a pair she wanted. She finally found a great pair of furry slippers. She bought them and was so glad since they were comfortable.
Eric liked eating oatmeal. But wished he could let it cook by itself. Eric noticed that his rice cooker had a porridge mode. So he cooked his oatmeal in the rice cooker. Eric was able to let the rice cooker do the cooking for him.
Norma, the manager of Mcdonald's, was tired of seeing Charles. He was a regular customer but asked for too much, Norma thought. One evening Charles asked for a plastic bag to carry his food in. Norma said no, and that plastic bags were only given at breakfast. Charles complained to the corporate office and Norma was fired.
When my daughter was 12 I took her to work to file. Another girl showed her what to do but she did not speak english well. Theresa said all the files needed to be in alphabetical order. Lucy was not good with her alphabet so Theresa took over When Theresa was done, I checked her work, and was very proud of her.
Barney knew his parents would be upset. He was at a party he hosted at his house while they were away. All the popular kids from school gave him praise. They all left as the party winded down. Barney spent five hours cleaning up their mess.
Robert is a very talented entrepreneur. He owns a clothing line and shoots videos. But he doesn't take good pictures. He called a Facebook friend who shot awesome pictures. Robert gave him a job and his 1st assignment was shooting Mike Tyson.
I decided to have a Halloween party this year. I went to the store to buy lots of decorations and a costume. I decided to get the cowgirl costume after looking at dozens of options. The day of the party, I finished decorating and cooking with an hour to spare. I didn't win the costume contest but I still had lots of fun!
The kids got in trouble. Their mom yelled at them for breaking their window. They regretted throwing the baseball in the house. They knew it was wrong but had done it anyway. The kids apologized and said they would pay for it.
Joan was a girl scout with a lot of badges. Joan was missing one particular badge. She tried and tried to get a fire started. She managed to get a small fire started. Joan earned her fire starter badge.
Roxy wanted a better looking backside. So she decided that she needs to do some squats. She started a 30 day squat challenge. Roxy did 100 squats every day. Now her backside is leaner, firmer and in a much better shape.
The man felt happy. A tragedy happened. The man felt less happy. He went to see a counselor. The counselor told him his feeling was normal.
Mike's family was at the beach in July. It was super hot, over 100 degrees by 10:00 am. They had to wear shoes to walk from the sand to the water. It was so hot they burned their feet otherwise! Fortunately the water was still cool and refreshing.
Dez wanted to play pro basketball. He loved Michael Jordan. He would buy Jordan everything trying to be just like Mike. The only problem is Dez wasn't very good at basketball. Dez was 5'1 and 38 Year's old keeping the dream alive.
The kid finished the assignment. He gave it to his friend to turn in. His friend copied it word for word. He turned it in as his own. The teacher called them both into his office.
I went to a diner for breakfast. They had a breakfast special for five dollars. I had to choose between pancakes, waffles or french toast. I nervously thought about the choice for twenty minutes. I finally decided to have all three put together in one stack.
Nina went to the beach to swim one day. But when she got there she was disappointed. There was a posted sign saying no swimming due to pollution! The entire area was off-limits. Nina had to go home without getting to swim.
Bob was working in his shop. He was building a shelf. The shelf was going to house all his book. He worked all day on it. When it was finished, Bob was eager to hang it up.
I used to have a couch upstairs in my room. One day I decided to move it downstairs. The couch was really heavy and hard to move. I had to call my friends over to help me move it. Eventually, after a lot of work, we got the couch downstairs.
Allie was failing science class. Her mom hired a tutor for her. Every day the two studied after school. Allie started to understand more and more. Soon she was getting high grades in her class!
Tom loved walking on the local trails. One day while walking he noticed trash scattered about. It made him angry that people littered. The next day he went back to the trail with some bags. He cleaned up the area of litter the best he could.
The teacher handed our tests. He continued to stress the importance of the exam. He said that if we don't pass, we would have to repeat a grade. Thankfully, I did well on the test. On the other hand, Janice fell asleep and couldn't finish the test.
Tory wanted pizza for dinner. She decided to make it herself. She got all of the ingredients together and set to work. Then, she put the pizza in the oven. The pizza came out great.
Marcus had to pick up his daughter from school, not go to jail. But he was arrested for public intoxication. He went to the park and drank with his friends. The police suddenly showed up. Marcus was caught with a beer in his hand.
Sam had a basketball game yesterday. He went to the game very excited. Sam made ten shots and scored twenty points. He played very hard and tried his best. After the game Sam and his family went to get ice cream.
Ana's great-aunt died and left Ana a will. In it, she bequeathed all her books to Ana. Ana was shocked when she saw her great-aunt's huge library! As an avid reader, she felt very lucky. She said a prayer of thanks for her great-aunt's kindness.
A little girl wanted to eat cookies. It was late at night and her parents were asleep. The girl tiptoed across the kitchen slowly. She reached her hand into the cookie jar and pulled out a cookie. But when she turned around, an angry mother was glaring at her!
Kate wanted to impress her boyfriend. She got a new outfit for their date. She thought he would think she looked pretty. Kate's boyfriend really appreciated her effort. He gave her several compliments.
Abe was trying to focus on his tasks. He heard loud bouncing from above him. The neighbor's kids were at it again. Abe rolled his eyes and called the apartment manager. He told her he'd decided not to renew his lease.
Rex notices that his shoelaces are a little worn out. He decides to buy a new set of shoelaces. Rex buys a terrific set of shoelaces. He puts them into his shoes. Rex is glad he doesn't have worn out shoelaces any longer.
Jacob and Sally entered the science fair. Their project was on photosynthesis. They grew the same plants with different amounts of light. They recorded the difference the amount of light had on growth. They won the science fair with their amazing project.
My fiance and I bought great tickets to an NXT live event. We were excited to see our favorite wrestler, Bayley. About two weeks later, Bayley was called up to the main roster. We still wanted to go, but the show was cancelled later in the month. We were kind of sad, but resolved to do something else fun.
Bob had a cookout yesterday. It was a lot of fun. He invited a lot of old friends I have not seen in awhile. He served a lot of good food. We all talked and laughed all night.
Jeff is out one one sunny day in the mountains. He has taken up hiking lately. Jeff is about midway through a trail when he sees a lion. Jeff is so scared he tries not to move a muscle. Jeff waits for the lion to leave then runs back to his car.
My mother never liked her nose. She wished that her nose was smaller. She slipped on the ice. She broke her nose. She had to get plastic surgery.
The ladies in the break room only ever watched the Soaps. But today all the TV's were on the news. They were broadcasting about the pentagon and twin tower tragedies. Kate was happy the ladies weren't watching their soaps today. The news was the only thing on television that mattered.
My laptop was bought last year in the winter. I bought it to do work from home tasks. The first idea I got it for was shot down immediately. I tried to buy some software to do transcription with ease. The laptop was good for other reasons, but transcribing became a fail.
Tom left his house to go to work. He hit a traffic jam on the way. Tom realized he was going to be late for work. He called his boss to let him know. Tom arrived at work 15 minutes late.
John pulled into the driveway. Just to find his wife gone. He tried to call her own her cell phone. It went straight to voicemail. Johns wife caught up from behind him and surprised him.
Turbo Burbo was a driver. He put up listings for any sort of driving. A criminal syndicate contacted him. They made him a getaway driver. On his getaway, he forgot where he was, and drove them into the cops.
I took my car in for it's annual inspection. The mechanic found a serious problem with the car's body. It was rusting away and unsafe to drive. I sold the car for scrap metal. The money was almost enough to buy another car.
Em spent a year in jail. There, she found Christ. She had been an atheist. But becoming Christian changed her. Em emerged a much different person.
Gina had a little sister who was not yet two years old. The baby was just beginning to walk. Gina was helping the baby to learn how to walk. Gina showed the baby how to hold onto a big push toy while she walked. The big push toy helped the baby to walk without falling down.
I was on an overpacked bus one day. All the seats were filled. A man wanted to sit and no one would give up their seat. He started to yell. Then he punched the window and broke it!
Vinny was planning to wash his car today. He got out the soap and towels and the hose. Just when he was ready to turn on the water, it starting raining! He watched the rainy for a bit. He decided to wash the car in the rainy to save on water.
Patty wanted a small pet. She got a bunny. Her sister decided she wanted one, too. They would get together and play with their pet bunnies. The bunnies would hop around the yard while their owners watched.
Jenny has decided that she wants to buy a cellphone. She goes to a store but finds many are expensive. Finally she finds a cell phone that fits her budget. Jenny buys it. She is glad that she has a cellphone now.
Vicky and her husband have each been working very hard this week. When the weekend comes along, they want a treat. They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning. Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes. Vicky and her husband feel well rested after a nice weekend.
Jen felt cold at her house. She put on a sweater and turned up the heat. Soon the house was at 85 degrees. Jen got so warm she opened a window. The cool air from outside balanced out the heat.
I accidentally sat on my glasses. They broke in two. I told my mom and we went to the glasses' shop the very next day. They told us they could not be fixed. So Mom bought two new pairs, just in case.
The girls went to the shopping mall. They wanted to hang out together for a little while. Three boys approached the girls and started talking to them. They all ended up getting lunch together in the food court. Afterwards everyone walked the mall together.
Sarah was working at a diner. She had the morning shift one Sunday. It was very cold in the building and Sarah was freezing. Then, her boss offered to let her wear her sweater. Sarah put the sweater on and felt nice and warm.
Jim was a pro wrestler. He was never that good. He never won any championships. He was still liked by most. That was enough to keep him going.
Sean was tossing and turning one night. His stomach was hurting even in his sleep. Suddenly and without waking up, he became sick and threw up. The wet mess in his bed awoke him. Groggily he cleaned it up and left to sleep on the couch.
Stuart was running from the cops in his dirt bike. He had the cops chase him through a cemetery. He lost them in the forest outside of town. When he got back to his home, he had his bag of cash. A little later, he got a knock on his door from the cops.
I brewed myself some coffee. I put cream and sugar in it. I took a small sip. The coffee was very hot. I let my coffee cool down.
Hester has always wanted to perform in her community theater. She is afraid to audition because she may not get a part. Finally she decides to audition for a play. Hester is given the lead role! She is very happy that she decided to audition.
George wanted his own house but did not have the money to buy one. George did own a couple of acres of wooded land. George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land. George spent the next few years cutting down trees and working. Three years later George drove to his land to live in his own house.
Kathy was at summer camp. Her mom was supposed to send her letters. It had been two weeks and still no letters had arrived. Kathy decided to let her counselors know. They searched through the office and found some overlooked letters.
Today we are going to the polo match. I am excited to watch the horses run. I have never been to a polo match before. I hope it will be fun. The polo match will be a very exciting experience.
Mason was at summer camp. He wanted to take archery classes but the group was full. Instead, he had to sign up for an unfamiliar class, pottery. At first he was wary, but soon he realized that he loved pottery. Mason was so glad to have picked up a new hobby.
Henry wanted to eat pizza. His wife would be late, so she told him to save some. He ordered stuffed crust, and it was delicious. Before he knew it, Henry had eaten the entire pizza. His wife came home upset that he didn't save any.
A little boy named Timmy sure did love his sweets. His mother gave him a lollipop every afternoon. He looked forward to his daily lollipop all morning long. One Saturday, his mother took Timmy to the candy store. Timmy picked out a lollipop that was bigger than his own head!
Lauren has always dreamed of being a mother. As she gets older she begins to fear that her dream won't come true. One day she meets a terrific man who marries her. A year later she is pregnant with her first baby. Lauren feels elated that she will be a mother.
Mick wanted to paint some furniture. He found an antique dresser. He carefully sanded and painted it. It was a beautiful shade of gray. Mick loved how the project turned out.
Ken boiled hot water. He placed two bags of green tea in a cup with the hot water. When he drinked all of it, his stomach started to hurt. Ken had diarrhea for two hours. After he used the bathroom, he went to sleep.
Heather has school loans. She wanted to make extra money to pay them off. She tried out Mechanical Turk. There was too much time invested for too little benefit. Heather was not able to pay off her loans.
Phil gets very nervous on airplanes. While riding on the plane to see his father. Phil starts to experience a bit of turbulence. Phil begins to panic and kick and scream. Phil is calmed down by a stewardess.
Myriam didn't like to be hungry. She had had too many mornings without a breakfast as a kid. So when she woke up every morning, she ate two breakfasts. She put on a lot of weight. But she was relieved as she didn't need to fear hunger again.
Mina was washing her hair. The water pump went out. Mina wasn't able to rinse her hair. She wrapped it in a towel. Mina drove to a friend's to finish washing her hair.
Sophia was on a soccer team. They were in the middle of a game. The team had been losing and the game was almost over. Suddenly, Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal. She made the shot and her team gained enough points to win.
I went to school with a famous NFL player. We've always stayed good friends. We were invited to his fourth of july party. We got there early with blankets and food. We were all disappointed when it got rained out.
We got married in 1981. We honeymooned in Niagara Falls. There were a lot of international tourists about. One day, I wore my Mao jacket. A Chinese man came over a smiled at me, in recognition.
I wasn't feeling too well. My mind was constantly having negative thoughts. I decided to go to a doctor. The doctor prescribe me anti depressants. My negative.
I was on a hike with my friend one day in a forest. We noticed a large canyon and wanted to get a better look. When we got closer to the canyon's edge, the dirt collapsed under us. We slipped and fell very far down into the canyon. Luckily, when we stopped falling, we were not hurt at all.
Suzanne was redoing her bathroom. She bought a big jetted tub. She couldn't wait to take a long, hot bath in it! When the contractors were done, that was the first thing she did! She was thrilled with her choice.
Sara was a very mean person. Everyday Sara picked on Amy. One day Amy told on Sara. Sara was expelled. Amy was never bullied again.
Sam needed new shoes. Sam went to an Adidas store. He doesn't like Adidas shoes. Sam went to a Nike store. Sam loves Nike shoes and bought three pairs!
This summer I went to a concert with my girlfriend. It was in New York, so we spent the night in my sister's apartment. We woke up and left to arrive at the concert. A lot of our favorite artists performed and it was so much fun! After the concert ended, we took a taxi back home.
Jenny felt a pressure and pain in her chest. She called 911 to let them know her symptoms. The 911 dispatcher sent over an ambulance. The ambulance driver brought her to the hospital. Jenny survived her heart attack.
An accordion player was hungry after gig. He stopped on the gas station to buy some food. When he came back to the car's back window was broken. He got scared his accordion was stolen. He found out, another accordion had appeared in his car.
Gabe loved magic tricks ever since he was a child. As Gabe got older, he decided to learn magic just for fun. As Gabe performed tricks, he learned that many others loved watching. Gabe got so good, he started doing magic for a living. Now, Gabe is known as one of the best magicians in town.
Dave went to Shoots and Ladders park on a field trip. He was excited to play on the slides. He climbed the ladder all the way to the top. When he reached the slide he froze and wouldn't go down the slide. A teacher had to take a crying Dave back down the ladder.
I was walking home from work when I saw a little girl playing. An older child came up to her and took her doll. She tried to get it back, but he laughed and threw it into the road. She didn't see the car coming, and ran after her toy. I caught her just in time.
I was getting ready to go to the gym. I couldn't find my gym shorts anywhere. My partner was pestering me to hurry up. I worked out in my jeans instead. It was highly uncomfortable.
Jeff was playing outside one sunny day. He heard a buzzing sound coming from the hedges. When he reached into the hedges, a swarm of bees came flying out. The bees chased him back into the house. Jeff swore never to reach into the hedges again.
Kenny went to the bar with his friends. He had a little too much to drink. He acted like a fool. His friends had to take care of him. Kenny was embarrassed.
When I was in 4th grade I went to cheerleader tryouts. I was so nervous, I was the last person called up to audition. Sadly, I didn't make the team due to not being able to do cartwheels. I was so disappointed, I went home and practiced for weeks. I went to 2nd tryouts and nailed it, securing a spot on the team.
Ginny had been saving up money for several months. She was hoping to use the money for a new set of couches. She went out and looked at several different stores. After searching for hours, she finally found a set she liked. They were delivered the following day.
Jazmin is driving her blue car home. While driving she sees a deer in the road. She hits the deer. She gets out of her car to check on it. The deer is dead and her car is totaled.
Last night I was super tired. I really wanted to sleep. But I could not. So i stayed awake. It was torture.
David knew he should learn to surf after living in Hawaii for a year. However, he felt embarrassed to ask anyone for help. One day he decide to ask his friend Jarvis for help. Jarvis helped David learn to surf for two days every week. Soon David became a surfing expert.
The kids were excited for their vacation. They would be going to an amusement park! They were determined to ride every ride. On the morning they were going to leave, they missed their flight. The trip would have to wait for another time.
Juan worked on a local farm. He did not receive very much money as salary. Despite not receiving much, he still managed to send money home. His struggles were noticed by his employer. His employer raised his wages which helped his living conditions.
At the cash register a customer held out a credit card to Jenny. Next the customer said, wait, I have a twenty, a passed the bill. But, now, Jenny's register won't calculate the change. There wasn't a pen or paper nearby so Jenny could do the math. She couldn't in her head and the customer said, can't do simple math?
Amanda wanted to become a actress. Amanda researched acting classes on the internet. After conducting research, Amanda found a reputable acting coach. After meeting with the coach, Amanda decided to join the class. Amanda was excited to have her acting career on the way.
Dena had always loved ponies. Since she was a little girl she had always wanted one. Some friends of hers were moving and couldn't take their pony. She told them she would like to have the pony. She loves the pony and is happy to finally have one.
John was working on a project at work. He went to the copier. He started to make copies. The paper ran out. John added more paper.
Pedro saw smoke coming out of his neighbor's house. It was a fire. Quickly, Pedro called the fire department. He gave them his address and told them to hurry. The fire department came just in time.
A man went to a conference in a new city. He was offered a name tag and he accepted. The man chose to write a fake name on the tag. All day people kept calling him by the fake name. He enjoyed to pretend to be someone he was not.
My friends and I started a band. I am playing the drums. I rocked so hard and had so much fun. My friends and I love playing music together. We love being in a band.
Amy's wisdom teeth were really bothering her. She was nervous about getting them removed. But she grew desperate, so she scheduled the surgery. After the surgery, she found that the horrible pain was gone. Amy was so glad she'd gone through with the surgery!
Cora wanted to save up some money. She saved all her allowance every week. Soon she asked her mom for help. Her mom took Cora to a bank to open a savings account. Cora could now earn interest on her money!
Mary was a very pretty girl. People always told her she should be a model. Mary traveled to New York City to apply to modeling agencies. The agencies told her she didn't have the right look. Mary went back home and got a job at Sears instead.
Nia decided to take up boxing. She went to the gym and trained every day. At first she was weak and lacked skill. But her strength and stamina increased quickly. Soon Nia was an excellent boxer!
Francis hasn't been out dancing for a while. He decides to go to a dance party. When he gets there, he dances all night long. He feels tired and goes home. Francis is happy he went out to dance.
Trish had big plans for Black Friday shopping. She prepared a list of the deals she had to get. Chuck took the list and bought everything online on Thursday. Trish was sad that she would miss the shopping. She got over being sad when she had a nice easy Friday with the family.
Kelly really loved this new juice her mother bought. She loved it so much she drank five glasses a day. However to her dismay she got cavities. She went to the dentist and they told her not to drink juice. Kelly was disappointed.
My sister in law is a hoarder. Her home is very cluttered. One day her husband gave me a Polaroid camera to sell on eBay. My sister in law got nervous about parting with it. We had to give it back.
Tom took his girlfriend out one night. They were staring at the stars and talking. Both lost track of times. Tom's girlfriend freaked out because her dad was upset. He had to take her back immediately.
Becky's best friend received pearl earrings for her birthday. Becky was jealous of them and demanded her mother buy her some, too. After her mother refused, Becky cried. The next day, Becky felt guilty about her behavior and apologized. She decided to get a job and save up to buy her own earrings.
Jackie was practicing his kung fu moves. He accidentally hit a girl. He apologized, but the girl got into fighting position. She swung her fists and Jackie realized she was a martial arts expert. He could just barely keep up and ended up conceding the fight.
Bill tried to pet a squirrel. The squirrel looked in his hand for nuts. It didn't find any, so it bit his finger hard. Bill screamed and kicked the squirrel far away. A woman in the park called the cops on him for animal abuse.
Greg moved from the city to a farm. He lived with his uncle. Greg did not like the smell of animals. Greg learned how fun it was to raise animals. He had so much fun that he forgot about the smell.
Malcolm decides he needs to leave his apartment at least once a day. He has barely left his bed today and is starting to feel lazy. Finally Malcolm gets up and takes a walk around his neighborhood. On his walk he sees a mighty slug. Malcolm is very happy that he left his apartment.
The man got greedy. He took what wasn't his. His friends noticed the behavior. They asked the man to change. The man decided to be more fair.
My wife bought a fish game for our granddaughter last Xmas. Our granddaughter is two now. She did not play with the game in December. Six months later, she played with it all day. My wife was pleased.
Ruby had a big mole on her cheek. She found it ugly and wanted it gone. To remove it, she went to a doctor. He scraped it off with agility. And after a few weeks, Ruby had a clean cheek.
Karen was cold sitting in her apartment. Her heater was malfunctioning, so heat wasn't an option. She decided that she should wear a sweater instead. She looked in her closet, only to find she didn't own one. She left that evening to go buy one at the mall.
Yuri was walking down the beach. Suddenly, he stepped on something sharp. He looked down and noticed a ring. The ring had blue and red jewels on it. He decided to keep it and gave it to his wife.
Carter slept in his crib. In the morning, he climbed out of it. His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.
Henry forgot to wash the dishes. When my dad found out, he grounded Henry. In addition, he took all of his technology away for a week. Henry was completely distressed since he didn't know what to do. He simply went to bed.
Will's mother was sick and he was taking care of her. Will often had to call out from work for her doctor's appointments. Eventually Will's boss called to talk to him about his absences. He was going to have to let Will go for missing too many days at work. Will was devastated and had to move in with his cousin.
Joe had a class project. He wanted to see which fruit grew the fastest. He planted seeds and watered them everyday. However the dog dug up the fruit. The teacher forgave Joe since he tried his best.
Chancey had never eaten pork. He found pork off-putting. His mom promised to buy him a new video game if he tried pork. Chancey decided the risk of pork was worth a new video game. Surprisingly, Chancey tried it and fell in love with pork!
Tom bought a new baseball cap. He wanted everyone to know it was new. He left the tags on it. His friends made fun of him for it. Tom didn't care and kept wearing it.
The Jones family vacationed at their cabin every Autumn. They hunted and relaxed in the mountains. They weren't prepared when the snow came early. It fell until it was piled higher than the cabin's roof. The Jones family were suffocated by the unexpected snowfall.
Tim and his friend were having a conversation while walking. They began to discuss certain political ideas. Suddenly, everyone around them pointed at an incredible cloud. Tim and his friend stood in awe of the cloud and took pictures. After the cloud went away, they could not talk about politics anymore.
Jane was taking the bus to work one day. She wasn't used to it and didn't know the schedule. To be safe she arrived thirty minutes early to catch it. She was bummed when she had to wait so long for it. Luckily the bus did finally arrive to pick her up.
I could not sleep one day. I went downstairs and turned on the tv. I found several late night horror movies. I grabbed a bowl of popcorn and sat down. I turned on the horror movie and got comfortable.
John was looking forward to a new thriller. He didn't get the chance to watch it opening weekend. While browsing facebook someone talked about it. They spoiled the ending and gave the plot-twist away. John was upset and didn't watch the movie.
Going to the bookstore was a spur of the moment decision. I spent over an hour just in the fantasy section None of the books I was waiting on had come out yet. I still found three books I wanted. I enjoyed the trip.
My roommate and I have been leaving food out for stray cats. There is a litter of kittens living in our back yard. The kittens didn't like us at first. We eventually taught them to enjoy our company. They are still feral despite enjoying a good brushing sometimes.
Billy and his friend were headed to a jazz club. They both were eager to see what it was like. They arrived and headed in. The club was very cool. They had a great time and heard some great music that night.
Rahul is happy to have a job in New York City, but he wants a friend. One day his subway car is delayed as he sits by another passenger. The passenger introduces himself at Jasper. Rahul and Jasper strike up a conversation and becomes friends. Rahul feels so happy that he has met a friend.
For Jane's fifth birthday her parents got her two adorable puppies. She liked to say the two puppies were in love with each other. Her parents said that couldn't be since both puppies were boys. Jane screamed that she didn't care and yes the puppies were in love. Jane was way ahead of her times.
Dee was stirring the bubbling fudge mixture. She was getting frustrated. The kids wouldn't accept that the process was precise and dangerous. She was distracted when she had to explain for a fourth time. When she yelled from getting burnt the kids stopped asking.
Margaret wanted to grow up to be a police officer. She was only eight but was very determined. Her mother came up one day with a present for her. Margaret was curious and excited as she opened the gift. It was a child-sized police officer uniform.
There once was a girl named Josie. She wanted to learn how to ride a bike. She kept trying and falling down. Eventually, her friend taught her the correct way. She was happy.
Anita didn't know her real father, but her step father was around. Her step father liked his kids more, and proved it when he beat Anita. It was after lunch and Anita watched TV instead of washing dishes. Her stepfather accused her of being lazy. Then he took her outside and beat her with the water-hose.
Lysandra's purchasing a couch on craigslist. She heads to the man's home to view the couch. She's nervous but the man appears to be nice. Lasandra gets the couch and the man loads the couch into the truck. Lasandra heads home with her new couch.
A group of guys threw a girl in a ditch. They covered her with dirt. They walked calmly away. Little did they know she was still alive She went and hunted them one by one.
Fred needed to get to the bank, but it was out of town. He asked a friend to drive him there. Once he got the bank, he worked out some account issues. On the way back home, they stopped at a beach for awhile. A little bit later, they got home.
Johnny's only plan for a career was to be an athlete. He accepted a basketball scholarship to Duke University. By his senior year he was sure to go into the NBA. But he went up for a rebound and then came down and hurt his knee. Johnny couldn't go pro and didn't have the drive to find a job.
Jimmy loved fall. He would rake up all the leaves and jump in them. The leaves were crunchy and crisp. Once he was done jumping, he bagged them up. Fall was fun, but it was also a lot of work!
When Anna turned 10, she told her dad she wanted to skydive with him. He signed her up for classes, explaining that she needed instruction. Her first 10 jumps had to be with a trained diver- her dad! She loved the experiences so much and couldn't wait for her 11th jump! When she finally jumped alone, she began to cry tears of pure joy!
Holly always wanted a turtle. She asked her parents for a turtle one day. Her parents said she needed to work for it. Holly did a lot of chores to earn money. She bought a turtle the next day.
Ravi wanted to get married but had never had a girlfriend. His parents wanted to set him up on a date. He was reluctant but he agreed. Ravi fell in love with the first girl his parents picked for him! Ravi married her and was happy he listened to his parents.
Heidi bought a brand new car. The new car was a convertible and very fast. Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to get speeding tickets and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.
Joe went to work full of energy for the day. He sat down at his office desk to check his meeting schedule. Unfortunately, he had a day full of boring staff meetings. He cried a little to himself as he contemplated his afternoon. Poor Joe was stuck in the meetings all day long.
One time, my boy scout troop and I went fishing. I was nervous because I had never fished before. My counselor reassured me and taught me how to catch fish. After about an hour, I finally caught my first fish. I was very happy, and I hope I catch more in the future.
I heard Kidney beans were good for the body. However they taste awful. I tried adding salt and pepper. However it still tasted bad. Finally, I added mustard for the perfect flavor.
For my brother's birthday I went to the store to buy a card. Most of the cards I saw were not what I wanted. I gave up and picked a card at random. I didn't even look at the card as I bought and signed it. It felt more relaxing to buy cards this way.
Lisa wanted to build a fort in her backyard. Her friends joined. They got the sticks and stones together. When it was done they went inside. It was a cozy fort.
Cindy hated valentine's day. It was the day her heart got broken. Valentine's day came around next year. Cindy was alone. Cindy stayed alone every single valentine's day.
Adam went to work for his father's business. His father was the boss. Adam was lazy at work. Everyone was scared to tell his father. Adam continued to do a bad job.
Winter was coming and Kim wanted to get new jackets. She also wanted to get other winter clothes. She found a bunch clothes online. She ordered the clothes online. They came two weeks later.
Anne was reading the newspaper with her morning coffee. She found an advertisement for a used sedan. Anne had been looking for a used family car for awhile. She decided to contact the owner of the used sedan. After negotiating on the phone, Anne bought the car for $5000.
Tim and his wife went to Europe for their honeymoon. They watched a lot of the sites. They ate in several local restaurants. Both had the time of their lives. Tim swore to take his wife back some day.
Mia was proud to give her son a television for his birthday. Her son was excited to receive the gift. He set it up in his room. He stayed up all night watching his favorite movies. Mia had to ground her son from the television because of his actions.
The smith family loved going to concerts. Listening to music, dancing with the whole family to the beat! Until one day little Missy was sick. So the Smiths brought her favorite concert to her decorating her room. She was so happy she danced until she fell asleep on her feet.
Amy's dog was a troublemaker. When she left for work, he tried to get into the pantry. When Amy came home, she saw huge scratches on the door! She yelled at her pet for his bad behavior. She locked him in his crate when she left the next day.
Gabriel was getting into fights after school. His parents were very upset about it. They called the school to tell them. The school did nothing. The parents sued the school.
I love to walk through the forest, and try to daily. Today, when I walked through the forest I found tons of mushrooms. All of the mushrooms were in little circles. The circles were formed by where the spores had landed. The mushrooms that had grown were even edible.
Last week we ordered take out. In thirty minutes the driver arrived. He called from the lobby and asked us to come down. I told him to bring the food up if he wanted a tip. I was amazed at the driver's laziness.
Alex needed to take a plane but was scared of flights. He boarded his flight then sat down and waited. When the plane started, he began to feel very anxious. Suddenly, Alex saw a menacing monster on the plane's wing! Alex rubbed his eyes and then realized he was having hallucinations.
Norman's father was very sick. He was diagnosed with colon cancer. Norman was devastated by the diagnosis. He spent as much time as he could with his father. Norman made his father's final months memorable.
I had a unique old Sony VCR and remote. It was so old that the fact it recorded in color was novel. I threw it out this evening. I'm moving and I need to downsize. Now I'm regretting not trying to find someone to give it to.
I came home from school. After bathing and putting away my belongings, I had dinner. Since the night was almost over, I didn't have much time to study. I fell asleep on my couch after an hour. During the next day, I struggled on the Chemistry exam.
Shane wanted to win his first race. He practiced every day for weeks. After and before school. Eventually the race came about. He won by a long shot and moved on to the next one.
Paul's mother was sick. She was admitted into the hospital. Paul's mother needed help paying her bills. Paul helped his mother pay her bills. She paid him back when she returned to work.
Tyler walked to his mailbox. It was almost his birthday. He was expecting a letter from his mom. He hasn't seen her since she was deployed. Tyler grabbed a letter with a big smile.
My first date was when i was eighteen years old. It was with my first boyfriend. We watched movie first. Then we ate in a restaurant. After that he took me to a small zoo and it's amazing for me.
Jenny loves soda and also milkshakes. One day she really needed some caffeine. After looking up recipes on pinterest she came up with a good idea. She made a chocolate milkshake that she poured coca-cola onto. After taking a drink of the beverage she felt a huge caffeine rush.
Gary was a poor man. Gary was so poor he had to beg for money. One day instead of money he got a lottery ticket. To the man's surprise it was the winning ticket. The homeless man became a millionaire overnight.
My cat Fluffy is very sneaky. She hides under the furniture when people aren't paying attention. Fluffy hid under the sofa to jump out at me. It turned out to be the dog instead of me. Fluffy was shocked when she got a bite from the dog!
Olivia strives very hard to be a good person. She gives to charity. She also helps at a soup kitchen every week. But despite her best intentions, she doesn't feel good enough. So she decides to go see a psychologist to talk about it.
Steve was in the lobby drinking before the show. An usher told him it was five minutes to curtain. Steve downed his drink and quickly ordered another. He brought his new drink into the theater. The man sitting next to Steve told him he wish he had a drink too.
Brittany needs money for bills. She checked her bank account but it was empty. Brittany decided she needed another job. Brittany decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk! Now, Brittany has a great job, and can pay all of her bills!
Kay was nine and she was obsessed with mermaids. She was excited when her family took a trip to the ocean. She was sure she'd spot a mermaid there! But after hours of observation, she'd seen nothing! Kay still had a good time, though.
James had always wanted to try out for a sport at his school. He decided he would try out for football. James exercised every day to be ready to try out. After trying out, James was accepted onto the team. James was glad to be playing a sport at school.
I just got my w2s in the mail. I'm about to start doing my taxes. I'm excited to get money back. It's frustrating and a bit annoying. But it's worth the effort in the end.
Corey used an online ordering app to order a pizza. He wasn't quite used to the site and making all the selections. Finally he completed the order and waited for his food. The delivery guy brought him the pizza and Corey started eating. Corey spat his food out, they had used barbecue sauce for the pizza.
Yesterday April was cutting bushes in her backyard. One of the bushes must have been poisonous. She broke out in a very itchy rash. She went to the hospital. The hospital prescribed her antibiotics.
Dee found a pink piece of paper tucked under her windshield wiper. It was a flyer for a concert taking place later that night. Dee's boyfriend had just cancelled their date, so she decided to go. At the concert, she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage. He proposed to Dee, telling her that he had left the flyer on her car.
Andy did not like shaking hands with anyone. Andy had a secret that he did not tell anyone. Andy sweats badly in the palm of his hands. This made Andy very self conscious about his shaking hands. Andy despised when he had to shake someone's hands.
I worked at a water park. People had private parties. One time there was free barbecue. We could have as much as we wanted. That only happened once.
Andre wanted to join the swim team. He was nervous because he didn't know anyone. He tried to make friends by encouraging his teammates. They all swam in a race together. Soon they had all become friends.
Anna had just had a baby. She wanted her baby to have pierced ears. They went to the piercing parlor. The piercer swabbed the baby's ears and pierced them. Anna's baby barely even cried!
Claire always failed to out do her husband on Valentine's day. This year, she swore things were going to be different. She surprised her husband with tickets to the knicks game. Then she took him to his favorite restaurant. Later that night he thanked her for a great time, she was pleased.
Berry is playing basketball. Berry loves to play sports. Berry is driving to the basket. He lands on his leg. He breaks his leg in two.
A circus act began and 100 clowns came to the main stage. All of the clowns danced for the audience. One by one a clown left while the others kept dancing. When there was two clowns the face each other. One clown smashed a pie in the other's face and ran off.
Diana really liked theme parks. But she easily got sick because of them. She decided to ride the fastest one. Unsurprisingly this made her very sick. And she puked everywhere due to it.
Due to the dry season, the forest caught fire. There were many homes in the forest. All of these homes were destroyed by the fire. The community pooled their money together to rebuild the homes. A few years later, all the burnt homes had been rebuilt!
It's a funny story how I met rapper 50 Cent, before he was famous. I walked downtown Long Beach selling my demo tape for $5. A young man looked back at me because I was too shy to pitch him. I offered him my tape for $5 and he bought it. Months later his album came out and I recognized him from Long Beach.
My Facebook friend loves to post photos of her kids. Her daughter is 7 and her son is 3. Today she posted a photo of her kids on the porch. The daughter was in a dress but the son's pants had fallen down. She posted the photo anyway.
Marlene was late for work that evening. When she arrived there was already a big crowd in the bar. She met a few patrons who asked her for beers. And when she arrived at the counter, she saw another barmaid there. Marlene had made the mistake of coming on her day off.
Tom loved to climb up rock walls. One day he found a huge rock wall in the mountains. He decided to try and climb it. After hours of hard work he reached the top. He looked down and was proud of his accomplishment.
It was 7 in the morning when Amy's mother awoke her. It was Christmas day. Amy awoke slowly, groggy from so little sleep. Then she remembered she could finally open her gifts. Amy jumped out of bed, and bounded down the stairs.
We once went to Virginia Beach for vacation. My sister was in charge of holding my hand as we walked by the water. It was April, so the Ocean was very cold. She thought she stepped on something slimy. She got scared and dropped me in the water and I got soaked!
It was Saturday morning and time for our trip to the market. The market was not very crowded and shopping was easy. We bought fresh eggs, honey and vegetables. Then we found a pretty hand crafted necklace for my daughter. We left the market with more than we expected.
Lucy and was going to visit a girl she met a church. She was excited because she needed someone to play with. When they got home she ran to her room and changed clothes. Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa. Lucy hadn't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church.
Mike and Tony bought a baby duck at the spring festival. It was decided that Mike was going to keep the duck at night. Tony came and pick the duck up one morning. He never returned the duck that night. The next day he told Mike that the duck had died.
I wasn't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold. I was confused by the variety of remedies available. I asked the pharmacist what she would recommend. She suggested a multi-symptom formula. With gratitude for her assistance, I bought it.
Susie got a shirt for her birthday. She thought it was beautiful. But it was in the wrong size. So Susie did not know what to do. So she called and ordered a new size.
I did not have any friends for a while after I started college. Then I met a girl who was nice to me. I started talking to her a lot. I saw her almost everyday. Now she is my girlfriend and we are happy.
Kitty was invited to her school's homecoming dance. But she didn't know any dance steps at all! She thought her date would laugh, but he confessed a secret. He didn't know any dance moves, either! The two happy teens enjoyed their dance with four left feet!
Carly and Simon decided to have a competition. They wanted to see who could make the better bed. They both spent ten minutes making their beds. A disinterested party bounced a quarter off them both. He pronounced they'd made their beds equally well.
My neighbor has a very small chihuahua that stays in it's front yard. He is only 3 pounds. But he is very violent. He runs around the neighborhood and barks at everyone. Today he violently attacked a tire and wouldn't stop biting it.
Kate was in love with her boyfriend Jim. She kept hoping he would propose. But then she grew tipped of waiting. Kate decided to propose to Jim herself. She was so happy when Jim said yes!
Jason was going to the pool. He packed a bag with his suit and towel. When he got there, he went to the locker room. Then, he changed. Finally, he went swimming.
Ron shopped for a gift for his wife. He found a beautiful tea pot. He bought it and wrapped it in pretty paper. His wife was very pleased with it. It was a thoughtful gift!
Sean shared a home with several college students. Two of the kids were dating. One day Sean was trying to eat dinner. He heard the couple shouting and fighting loudly. Finally, he asked them to keep it down.
Linda was a terrible cook. She once poisoned her mother with uncooked chicken! Linda decided to become a better cook. She enrolled in cooking classes. After a few months, all her friends agreed that she was a great cook!
Lisa smelled something terrible in her house. But she couldn't figure out what it was. Eventually, she noticed her bicycle helmet. And she remembered that she never washed it. Lisa found out that you can wash helmets.
Mary had a dog and a cat. The dog got sick. Mary decided to take him to the vet. The vet said the dog needed to take some pills. Mary bought the pills and returned home.
Tom drove his car across the country. He put a lot of miles on his car. One day he noticed the car was leaking oil. Tom had to constantly feed the car oil to drive it. Tom spent a lot of money on oil in order to drive the car.
Sara went to her parent's funeral on Sunday. It was a sunny day but no one else was present. That left Sara feel very alone in a world that was still happy. She went back home afterward to cry. And when she had no more tears, she looked at old photographs.
Edward wanted to make a lasagna. He made a list of the ingredients he would need. Edward bought the ingredients at the grocery store. At home, Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna. Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself.
Julia lined up on the line to begin her 100 yard dash. The gun sounded and she took off. She jumped the first hurdle with ease. She jumped the second hurdle with ease. She crossed the finish line in first place, and got a gold medal.
Kate's mom was painting a bedroom. Her 8 year old niece was helping as well. Kate was surprised her mother let a child help paint. Her mother was glad for the help. Kate was just glad it wasn't her.
Fred's son had a baseball game today. He promised him he would be there. But at the end of the day Fred never came. His son was so upset and had been looking forward to him. Fred was simply stuck in bad traffic and it was impossible to come.
Jackie was lying on her bed with a nasty grin. I tried to comfort her although she told me to leave. Therefore, I walked away without any comments. Then she punched me and asked why I'm going. Instead of telling her that I was confused, I remained calm.
Tyra is a poor. Tyra is a homeless. Tyra has to beg on the street for money. Tyra catches a break one day. A man gives her money and a place to live.
Adolph was a great little student with a penchant for art. He loved it so much that he painted signs for a living. One day he applied to art school. They didn't like his work and rejected his application. So instead he lead the Nazis into World War II.
A church had a pipe organ that no one had played in years. A visiting pastor asked if he might play it. They managed to fire up the airbox for him. When he started to play, huge clouds of dust came out of the pipes. Everyone ran outside, sneezing horribly.
One day Sally went to a concert for Twenty One Pilots. First she found her seat. Then the opening act played. Finally Twenty One Pilots came on stage! She had a great time.
My son loves helicopters. We bought him a remote controlled toy helicopter for his 4th birthday. It crashed into the wall every time he tried to fly it. He didn't give up and kept trying. It didn't take long before he was an expert at controlling it.
Nancy investigated the crime scene. She found a trace of blood. She told the man to collect the blood. They analyzed the blood. They found out that the blood was O Negative.
Josh bought a parrot as a pet. He was lonely living by myself. Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day. One day he heard his parrot say "Polly". Josh was so excited that he taught his parrot how to say its name!
Tom liked to sing. Tom was not a good singer. No one liked to be around him because of his singing. Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing. His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom
I stayed after-school and needed a ride home. I called my mom and she said that she's on her way. After an hour, I decided to walk home. The walk home lasted about 2-3 hours. When I got home, my mom was furious.
We told our son we were going to visit relatives. He was ok with it, and completely believed us. We packed up for the long trip. We drove for several hours. His eyes lit up with joy when he saw his best friend instead.
Grandma put the cake in the oven. She sat down to read the newspaper. An hour later, she started to smell something burning. Remembering the cake, she ran to the kitchen. She pulled a very black cake from the oven!
The cat ran out of food. I had no more in my house. I bought some more from the store. I filled up my cat's bowl of food. The cat ate his food.
Fred walked in front of the club entrance. The security guard looked at him. He noticed that Fred was wearing make-up on his face. He told Fred that they don't accept his kind of people. Fred immediately left.
Jared jumped off of the cliff into the water. When he hit the water he felt his back pop. He went to the doctor for help. The doctor put him in a back brace. Jared refused to jump off of the cliff ever again.
Sam had just given birth. She tried to breastfeed. Sadly, she did not produce enough milk. She read up on bottle feeding and discovered it was safe and healthy. Sam decided it'd be okay to bottle-feed her baby.
Judy has always wanted to be a cop. She is small and cute in stature so no one took her seriously. Judy worked extra hard to make up for her size. She finished at the top of her Police Academy Class. Now Judy is one of the best cops.
Mattie was seeing her favorite band in concert. She had tickets in the front row. The lead singer called her up onto the stage. Mattie screamed with excitement. Her friends looked on as the band serenaded her.
Lola was not a very daring person. She always refused to do anything dangerous with her friends. For her birthday, her friends surprised her. They brought her to a bridge so she could do some body jumping. She was scared but did it to please them.
Amber and her friend Emily went shopping together. They met at a coffee shop downtown. After they had coffee they went to their favorite department store. Amber was looking for a Christmas gift for her husband. She found a sweater that she thought he would like.
Anna had two daughters and was a single mom. Then she found out she was pregnant with a son. She had no idea how to raise a boy without a man to help! When her son was born, though, she decided to just do her best. She knew all her son really needed was love and care.
Ian bought some seedlings to plant in his new garden. Ian also underestimated the work and time involved in moving. The seedlings sat around much longer than they should have. He knew they'd probably be stunted but he planted them anyway. The herbs all did fine but he never did get any tomatoes!
Rex passed by a torn concrete wall every day. He decided to do something about it. Rex bought various colors of paint from the hardware store. He enlisted the aid of local artists and they painted a mural. Rex smiles every day now as he walks by it.
Lucas was interested in geology, and specifically rock formations. When his family decided to travel to Yellowstone, he was excited. On the way there the car broke down, and their arrival was delayed. Lucas was very annoyed, but he forgot his annoyance when they arrived. He was too in awe of Old Faithful to feel any negative emotions.
Leslie got a new job. It was at a bank in town. She was going to be a teller. On her first day, she reported to her manager. The manager told her she was at the wrong location.
All my family drink coffee in the morning. I prefer tea, on the other hand. My family teases me for my tea preferences. Instead of getting upset, I just laugh with them. After all, tea is better for your health than coffee.
Kate was interested in taking kick boxing. Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor. Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing. After visiting the facility, Cate signed up for the class. Kate is excited to be attending her first kick boxing class tomorrow.
My friends and I planned a road trip this weekend. First we started in Jersey. The highways and trees were many. We got to explore many of the country's natural wonders. We ended our trip back in Jersey
My brother challenged me to a basketball match. The game was intense. We were scoring points one by one. I tried to make a game winning shot. However, it missed the hoop and shattered my neighbors window.
We sat down to take the test. I had not studied at all. I was very nervous. I guessed almost every answer. I was not surprised when I found out I failed.
Joanna and Sarah were happy that the snow had gotten school cancelled. They put on thick snowsuits, boots, and gloves. First they made snow angels. Then they made a huge crooked snowman. They ended a day with a snowball fight before going back in.
Steve crept up to a running car. A girl was sitting inside. He banged loudly on her window. The girl panicked. She drove the car into a pole.
The entire day was going to be a bust. I looked everywhere for something to do. There just wasn't much work up. I gave up and started texting a friend. She told me I should try to work harder.
Art was throwing a holiday party. He feared nobody would show up. He was so nervous on party night! But then his doorbell rang again and again. Dozens of people showed up for his party!
One day, I was driving the van down to the store. When I got to the stop sign, the check engine light started flashing. I panicked and carefully drove the van to the nearest mechanic shop. They checked it out but could not repair the van. The van had to be sold for parts and I had to get a new vehicle.
When I was a child my family would drive to Cape Cod. The trip took a few hours. So, of course I would get really bored. One year, my dad finally came up with a cure for this problem. He bought me a handheld game console and I stopped being bored.
Wanda found an old tire in her front yard. Someone had just thrown it there instead of disposing of it. Wanda was going to throw it away, but wanted to recycle it. She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire. Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond.
A little girl had an accident. She went to the hospital. Her parents wanted to do something nice for her. They got her a kitten named Cuddles. The little girl was so happy!
Cami really doesn't like her bus driver at all. The bus driver has repeatedly picked on Cami too. One time the bus driver even left without her. Finally after being tired of picked on she told her mom. Cami's mom reported the bus driver to the director and fixed it.
Tim was going into work. There was a big crowd and officials outside. Tim found out someone committed suicide. They jumped out of a window. Tim and his co-workers were given half a day off.
We celebrated July 4th. We cooked out on the grill. We also shot fireworks. Our friends had us out on the boat. It was a great way to celebrate our independence.
Jamie loved to drink tea. She decided to try some honey in it. She poured a teaspoon in and took a sip. It was delicious! Jamie decided to add honey every time she drank it now.
Kevin worked with lions at the zoo. He rubbed their bellies and fed them steaks. One day, the lion bit him too hard while playing. Kevin was bleeding and had to get stitches. He still insists on playing with his lions though.
Russ Jackson was in prison for killing a man. He wrote letters to his sweetheart every day. 15 years into his sentence, he had lost hope. He told his girl to quit waiting on him. She refused, and ended her life instead.
Allie had a flight to New York. She was supposed to leave at noon. However it was delayed six hours. Allie was furious. Finally she was done hours later.
It was the day of the big talent show. CJ was nervous, but excited. They called his name. He went out on the stage and danced. The crowd went crazy and he won the talent show.
My family and I took a trip to San Antonio We were going to see the Alamo. When we finally arrived I was excited to see the Alamo It looked run down, but it is neat to look at. I've learned a lot that day about Texas history.
Brandy was a fast at typing. Brandy could type 100 words per minute. Brandy decided to challenge her friend to a typing contest. Brandy won the contest. As a reward, Brandy's friend gave her an ice cream.
Andy was on his way to school when he got a flat tire. He pulled over to the side of the road to check it out. He had a spare tire in his trunk. The lugnuts on the rim were hard to get off he got them off. He put on the spare and was on the road again.
Tom was playing games in his room. His mother told him to do homework. He wanted to play games more. The next day his teacher yelled at him for not doing homework. Tom never neglected his homework again.
There was a situation downtown. A bank robber was holed up in the bank. The SWAT Team came in saved the hostages. It was all over the news. The public was relieved that it ended peacefully.
Emma and her sisters entered their town's annual baking contest. Each sister was going to make their family's famous chocolate fudge. But Emma had a trick that would set her fudge above the rest. She added chopped walnuts to the mix to add crunch and flavor! Emma's add-in pleased the judges so much, she won first prize!
Whitney and Harley were bored one evening after work. Harley suggested they sit outside and enjoy a nice fire on the deck. Whitney was excited to sip a glass of wine outdoors so she agreed. The two were having a great time when the fire got out of control. Harley had to rush inside to get water and extinguish the fire!
Charles loves Fast and Furious movies, now he drives too fast. He purchased a sports car like one in the movie. At midnight he drove down the freeway at one hundred miles an hour. A police officer saw him and chased him down. But the officer cited Charles for street racing and speeding.
I like to believe that I am a great dancer. I recently challenged my friend to a dance competition. My friend agreed to the competition. We danced for sixty minutes. She was better than me and won the competition.
I found a wallet in the parking lot of the grocery store. The wallet contained money and credit cards. I took the wallet to the store manager. She paged the person whose name was on the credit cards. I was able to return the wallet to its owner.
Smarts Gorpis Gord was  very tired man. He loved to draw, except when he didn't. In the middle of a commission he got distracted by a video game. His sleep schedule was the first thing to fall apart. Now he reads bad fanfiction.
Eli's teacher gave him a large project at the beginning of the year. He decided to put it off as long as possible. His teacher reminded the class that it was due the next week. Eli rushed to finish the project as quickly as he could. He barely got a C on the project and has decided to no longer wait.
Jenna didn't like her boss at work. He was always treating her as if she didn't exist. To make sure he'd notice her, she spiced his coffee with pepper. He drank the coffee and coughed it all up on her. This time, he had no choice to notice her and apologized.
I had a stroke in the fall of 2011. I was released from rehab in the winter. I had my brother take a photo of me leaving his car. The photo had a ball of light in the background on a rainy day. My brother said he can see a figure in the ball.
Kimi wanted a new fridge. Her landlord told her it was not necessary. He bought a raffle ticket for a new fridge at a charity event. Her number was picked as the winner. She got a new fridge despite her landlord.
Keisha wanted to divorce her husband. But he had no intentions of letting her go. He went to a jewelry store and bought her a diamond necklace. He saw her in front of their house and gave her the necklace. She took the necklace but, deep inside, still wanted a divorce.
Diane had anger issues, yelling at her kids all the time. Her oldest boy always said he'd leave home as soon as he could. When he was eighteen, he got hired to be a roadie for a band. He toured the country, never thinking of her once. To this day, Diane says he was a rotten kid.
Boris went to the drive-in with his friends on Wednesday. He saw an old sci-fi movie. About half-way through, he bought some popcorn. He thought the cashier was cute, so he asked for his number. Boris is going to the drive-in again, tonight, with his new date.
Around and around they went. The cars seem to go faster on every lap. With two more laps to go, the race was still up for grabs. The cars came around the final turn. Across the line they all came, it was a photo finish.
The woman kicked the man in the groin. The man fell to the ground. He felt sick. He vomited on the ground. He cursed to quietly to himself.
Brad loved downloading lots of music on the internet. The only problem was, he never paid for it. Brad figured he would never get caught. One day the FBI knocked on his door. Brad cried when they found all of the stolen songs on his computer.
Amy was at work at Bath And Body Works. A customer wanted to purchase 50 of one particular product. The lady was upset there were only 10 available. Amy checked in the storeroom and found a new box. The customer was very grateful for all of Amy's help.
Kim had taken down one of her braids. She knew her mother would be upset. But she liked it better down. She intended to put the braid back before going home. To her dismay she was unable to replicate her mother's braid.
Sadie knew that it had to be somewhere around here. She clawed through the dirt, searching for some clue of its location. All of a sudden, she noticed a glimpse of green just a few steps away! Overjoyed, she sprinted back to her waiting friend, the object in tow. Sadie's owner took the ball and petted her for being such a good dog!
Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma. He dreamed of one day moving to a big city. One day, he bought an old motorcycle. He intended to just drive to the local grocery. Instead, Caleb kept driving until he reached Saint Louis.
Peter family was house hunting for a new place to live. He didn't want to move to a new house. Peter would have to leave behind his best friends. His father explained he would make new friends. Peter father was right in time he made new friends.
Max was at the plate in a game of kickball. He kicked the ball when it rolled to him. It flew into his neighbor's backyard. Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball. Max's neighbor returned the ball, and then they continued playing.
Tricia had a reading test. But she didn't try on it. She filled out random bubbles. So she was placed in a low level. Tricia's parents were mad at her for that.
Durpston Thurpston couldn't play the guitar. Although he claimed he did to get the ladies. Once at his home, a woman asked for a performance. Unable to do so, she was miffed. Now Durpston dates his hand.
Kate was on the train. She was listening to headphones and on her phone. A guy still tried to start talking to her. At first she just tried to ignore him. After a while she had to tell him to leave her alone.
Kona wanted to go night swimming. That afternoon, he turned up his pool heater. After he put his kids to bed, he stepped into the yard. Then he plunged into his warm, spa-like pool. Kona had a relaxing and pleasant night swim!
Amber got her nails done bright yellow. Then she got self-conscious. What if her friends hated the color and mocked her? But she needn't have been concerned. Her friends all raved about the canary hue!
James wanted to take Natalie to a concert. He was apprehensive about asking her. James did not like rejection. He found the perfect time to ask her. Natalie was glad James asked her.
I was eating out with my family. They decided to take a picture to mark the occasion. I hate pictures. I decided to opt out. My family shouted at me and forced me to take the picture.
Julie had been away at college for 2 years. She loved school, but missed her family tremendously. Christmas break started today and Julie was driving home. She smiled as she drove, thinking of seeing her family. When she walked in the door, they all hugged her tightly.
Sam wanted a painting for his apartment. He went to some art galleries to look around. He couldn't figure out what to get. He asked someone working for help. They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam's needs.
Yesterday kate went to a taste tasting for ice cream. She went to the factory and tasted three flavors. Luckily she got to take home a pint. When she got home she realized the pint was empty. Then she realized she already ate it.
Amy's parents wanted to know where she had been. She pulled a candy bar from her pocket. They believed she had been at the store. They never knew she was at the park with a boy they disliked. And she never planned on telling them.
Sarah and John went to their lunch period together. They got on line and picked out their food. Sarah patted her pocket and realized she forgot her lunch money! John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch. Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together!
The penguin had a new home at the zoo. He had his own pool and his own little house. He liked to pass the time swimming around. Visitors would throw little fish to him. The penguin's life was very good.
The homeowners were going to decorate their house. They bought seven boxes of Christmas lights. They hung them from the roof and wrapped them around the posts. At night, the house looked beautiful! They wanted to decorate even more next year.
Nick was driving home after work on a Friday evening. He proceeded through a green light. Another driver hit him head on. Luckily, Nick was alright. The other driver's insurance paid for the damage.
Jason wanted to have a BBQ in the backyard. He called up all his friends. He went to the store and bought meat, chips, and soda. Jason brought the radio outside and cranked up some music. He spent the rest of the day grilling food and playing games.
Adam went to swim class every day after school. He was afraid to put his head under the water. The teacher told him not to be afraid because he would float. One day, his best friend threw him into the pool! Adam remembered the swimming lesson and floated safely to the surface.
Lucy loves American food and gets it every day for lunch. She will switch between burgers and hotdogs mostly. Her doctor informed her that she needs to dial back on that food. He told her that she is starting to get high blood pressure. Lucy now throws a salad into the mix for lunch three times a week.
Our house was destroyed in the storm. We didn't have insurance and lost everything. We haven't even finished paying it off. Now we're living in a small apartment. We're trying to make ends meet but it's impossible.
This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night. She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad. I tried to make it up to her by complimenting her appearance. Instead of continuing to be angry she was ecstatic. When I laughed at that she called me a jerk.
Jenni switched doctors to try and get pregnant. Her IVF procedures were not successful. She wanted a second opinion from another specialist. The new doctor told her that he thinks she has a good chance. They tried twice more and were finally successful!
Chris and Jen were out of town on a weekend beach trip. They began to get hungry around lunchtime. Since they didn't know the town, they were unsure about where to eat. They walked down the street, hoping to find a good place. There wound up being small, tasty taco place right around the corner!
Tina wanted a baby. She and her husband soon found that she was pregnant. They were so excited. Then Tina discovered she was having twins! She knew she had twice the work ahead of her!
When I was 12 I asked my parents for guitar lessons. They took me to the music store and bought me a guitar. I was also signed up for guitar lessons. I enjoyed playing the guitar and practiced many hours a day. Many years later I still enjoy playing the guitar.
Jerry wanted to go the amusement park but he didn't have enough money. He asked his friend for money and he would agree if he was invited. As a result, Jerry invited him and they went to the amusement park. They enjoyed the vast amount of rides and experienced many thrills. Jerry thanked his friend and invited him for future activities.
Jimmy was playing ball with some neighbor friends. He hit the ball and it sailed far away. One boy got angry because he had to retrieve it. He picked a fight with Jimmy, and Jimmy fought back. Both boys went home with black eyes.
Jesse was going to participate in the school play. `. She loved acting and enjoyed the people who were going to be with her. Yet, when the big day came her parents were busy and she had no ride. She thought everything was hopeless and gave hope on going. Her friend knocked on her door with a ride ready to go.
Ted worked for a large company. His boss offered the top employee free sports tickets. Tom loved baseball and they were baseball tickets. Tom worked very hard all month to earn the tickets. Tom won the tickets and enjoyed himself at the game.
The man took down the fence. The neighbor asked why. The man said it was rotting. The neighbor offered to help. The man asked the neighbor to contribute some money.
We all were on a golf trip. When we arrived we saw all these cops. So when we got to the purse nearby we asked why. Someone just had robbed a bank and there is a man hunt. So during our round we would be careful in the woods.
Jim had a minor headache for a week. So he went to the doctor. His doctor recommended medication. But Jim instead decided to eat healthier and exercise. After his headache went away, he was glad he didn't take medication.
I had been getting a lot of acne recently. I had been trying different creams to get rid of it. Unfortunately I had not seen any changes. I decided to stop wearing makeup. Finally my acne went away.
I heard nothing, but saw Mike had angered the teacher. Before I knew it, she had pushed his desk across the room. It fell with a thud as papers and books fell out of its compartment. She yelled at him, telling him to clean it up. Mike didn't say anything, but barely seemed affected by the incident.
Tor's parents encouraged him to try out gymnastics. He begrudgingly accepted their proposition. Tor had a knack for gymnastics. His specialty was the triple beam balance. He dreamed of one day being in the Olympics.
Dan found out his wife was cheating. He was heartbroken over it. He confronted her and asked for a divorce. She agreed and tried to be civil. He's upset but hopes the process will go as smoothly as possible.
As election cycles go, this was a rough one. Ronald was sure he had it in the bag. He campaigned his heart out all year long. On election night, he was delivered a crushing defeat. He was flabbergasted, but he conceded nonetheless.
Kurt invented a new dance move. It involved shaking his hands in different directions. Kurt called it the nervous nelly. Kurt went to a club and tried to proselytize strangers. No one joined him in his shaking.
Stewart was very self-conscious because he sweated heavily. So at the slightest sign of heat he stayed in front of a fan. As he had to go places, that was a problem very often. He'd be two minutes in the sun and arrive soaked at his destination. To remedy to the situation, he bought a portable small fan.
Alice and John were set to be engaged. She knew she would receive a ring one day. John had been sneaking around. He asked her to meet him for dinner. He pulled out a box and brought out the ring.
Martin had an important meeting at work this morning. He stayed up late at night before. He slept in in the morning. His dog jumped into his bed. He woke him up.
Sam was soaring across the sky. He visited his old school and his parents house. He flew with the birds and a plane. Everything was magical. Then he woke up.
One of my ex coworkers left the agency today. He was a manager who did not get along with his staff. He did not do much work on his own. On his last day he left quietly. He was so unpopular we did not give him a farewell party.
Frank and Jill always wanted to travel to Europe. Neither of them made a lot of money. Both worked hard and saved up. Eventually they had enough money for their trip. They had a wonderful time and created amazing memories.
I have to wear a eeee width shoe. I was buying shoes from Hitchcock Shoes. The average cost was $100. Last week I found the same pair of shoes on Amazon for $80. I vowed to do more comparison shopping.
I played tee-ball when I was five years old. I made it to first base in a game. On my way to second, I lost my hat. I turned around to pick up the hat. The coach told me about my error.
Joe wanted to get a new camera. He didn't have nearly enough money for it. He begged his parents constantly for the camera. Then one day they finally gave in and bought him it. He was so happy that he accidentally ended up breaking it.
Joey's teacher was out of school for the day. All the kids in his class were loud and rowdy. The substitute couldn't handle the children. The substitute left the class. She walked back in the class with the principal.
Carrie ran away from home when she was 16. She thought her mother hated her. Carrie took care of herself and started her own family at 25. When she was 30, she decided to find her mother. The two were reunited and made up for lost time.
Linda wanted to start her own garden. She went to the home improvement store for supplies. Linda bought a rake, a shovel, gloves, soil, and seeds. Linda started digging holes to plant her seeds with her new tools. Linda's garden was finished before dinner.
Tina had her jewelry stolen. She searched several places for it. Eventually she found it at a pawn shop. She couldn't prove the jewelry was hers. So she had to buy it all back.
Carla was going to the beach. She shaved her legs before putting on her swimsuit. Carla walked over to the beach. She stepped into the water. The salt burned her legs where she had shaved.
A guy confronted Lucy. He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her. She froze for a brief second. However, she lied to him and said that she has a boyfriend. He immediately walked away.
Sally wanted a pet. Her dad took her to the pet store. She found a puppy she really liked. Her Dad purchased the puppy for Sally. Sally is now training her puppy to be a rescue dog.
Fred wanted to go bike riding. But when he opened his garage, he couldn't find his bike. He went to drive to the bicycle shop. But he noticed someone riding a bike that looked like his. But Fred was too scared to the confront the person riding it.
It was Christmas time. Suzy really wanted a new watch. She begged for one for Christmas. But her parents said no initially. To her delight she saw one under the tree after all.
Wendell was very stressed from work. He decided to take a day off and go to the spa. He spent several hours in the sauna. He also got a massage. Wendell left the spa feeling invigorated.
Anna had fallen and broken her hip. She had to stay in a hospital for a week. Anna was allowed to go home and was released. She had to go to therapy every day. Eventually, Anna learned to walk again.
Tom was an entrepreneur. He started a new business with a few friends. It turned out to be very successful. Tom sold his part within a few years. It made him very rich.
Meg was panning for gold. She had taken her sifter to the local creek. She eagerly sieved through rocks and debris. Sadly, Meg didn't find any gold. But she found some very pretty pebbles!
Norman planted a tree twenty years ago. The tree was placed adjacent to his childhood home. Now he finds himself near the home while traveling. He stops by to check on the tree. Norman's tree has grown to an immense size.
Fran loved action movies. Fran decided she would go to the movies to see Iron Man. However, upon arriving, Fran saw that the movie was sold out. Fran decided to watch another movie that was not so action packed. Fran ended up watching Finding Dory at the movies, and loved it!
Derek loved exploring caves. He had been to most of the famous caverns in North America. He particularly liked caves with gemstones in the walls. Derek became a park ranger at a cave system. Derek developed an interest in mountains after his long time in caves.
Amanda overslept one morning. She had to hurry to prepare for work. She drove fast, but she still arrived late. Luckily, her boss did not see her coming in late. Amanda knew she had gotten lucky.
Suzy made some toast. Ultimately it got burnt. Suzy was horrified. She had to throw it away. She felt unhappy about it.
Sarah loved makeup. One day, she opened her mother's makeup box. Sarah put eyeshadow on her eyes. She put lipstick on the wall. Her mother didn't let Sarah play with make-up after that.
Neil was on his way to Italy. He had left Spain on a high speed train. The train was so fast! He arrived in Italy in under a day. Neil couldn't believe how quickly he had traveled!
Francine attends a cookout with friends one weekend. She had wanted to eat before the cookout began. However, in a rush, she hadn't eaten that day. A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat. After eating, she feels great and she enjoys the cookout.
Liz hadn't met her neighbors from India until their house caught fire. Seeing the fire engines, Liz rushed next door to offer help. Despite a language barrier, Liz saw the shock and fear in their eyes. Wordlessly, she ushered them to her home, bringing Kleenex and water. Hugs, support, and simple comforts brought these neighbors together.
I was waiting in line yesterday so that I could pay for my groceries. I tried to look past all of the hogwash and wanted to pay. There was a woman who cut right in front of me. I was horrified. I immediately had to go into the next lane.
Kate went to go gambling. She found out she was really lucky she made a lot of money. This turned into an addiction. when she realized it, she quit
Dory wanted to be a writer. She wrote short stories for the school paper. Dory decided to get her stories published. Her mother helped with sending inquiries to major publishers. Dory ends up having to self-publish her collection of stories.
Dan set his alarm clock for seven in the morning. For some reason, the alarm clock didn't go off. Dan was angry because it made him miss work. He got so angry he broke the clock with a hammer. Then, he got more angry because he realized he had to go buy a clock.
George woke up hungry. The stumbled into the kitchen, already daydreaming of pancakes. Much to George's dismay, he found he was out of pancake syrup. George searched the cabinets again, disappointed. He ultimately decided on oatmeal for breakfast.
My wife's coworker became attached to her grandnieces. They were 5 and 6, and loved her. She was sad when the family had to move from RI to TX. She decided to spend her vacations with this family. She just spent a week with them and posted photos on FB.
John saw a fire in his neighbor's house. He called the authorities. John heard a child screaming. John wanted to save the child since the authorities would be too late. John managed to save the child but his skin got burned as a result.
Erin was bored on a weekend, so he called his friend. He asked his friend if he wanted to go to the park. His friend agreed and they met at the park. They both played basketball together and had fun. Erin went back to school on Monday feeling satisfied with his weekend.
Haley was trying to find her shoes. Her mom was mad that they were going to be late. The two began fighting and Haley started to cry. Her mom was mad but she saw Haley and calmed down. She embraced her daughter and apologized for being too harsh.
Susan was a girl that typically had many dates. Recently she had been in a dry spell and hadn't been kissed in weeks. She decided to end her problem once and for all. She spent a whole day having fun, waiting to run into the right guy. Finally at the end of the day, she shared a kiss with a new friend.
My friend Xena is very shy. She is always being teased because of her name. The boys at school call her warrior princess. People are so mean. I wish I was a warrior princess so I could make them be quiet!
They were sick of listening to their neighbor's loud TV every night. They decided to go camping for a weekend. They drove to the mountains, and excitedly set up their tent. They lay down, relaxing listening to the night sounds. Then they began to hear a person in the next site laughing at youtube.
Tony was writing a long list. He knew exactly what he wanted for Christmas. He asked for new toys and some clothes. His main desire was a new computer. He hoped Santa would bring him everything he asked for.
Amy's mother took her to the library. She wanted to find books by Beverly Cleary. She was elated to see they carried all of her books. She wanted to check the all out. Her mother made her narrow it down to 3 books.
Lee loved trying new foods. Lee tried a new restaurant every weekend. She tried an Indian place for the first time. Lee woke up the next day vomiting. She is now afraid to try Indian food again.
I never thought I would like a massage. My wife got me one for my birthday. I laid on the table while the masseuse worked me over. I was so relaxed I actually fell asleep. I plan on getting a massage once a month from now on.
Reece's best friend turned sixteen years old. She had a party and invited her closest friends. They ate pizza and then watched a horror movie. Reece screamed a lot and hid under a blanket. That night Reece slept with the lights on.
Claire went to the orchard to pick some apples. After an hour, Claire collected two grocery bags full of juicy apples. Claire drove home to begin cleaning the fruit. She used the apples to cook a homemade apple pie. Claire couldn't believe how delicious her pie was.
Stacey wanted to write the perfect story for her English class. But she kept stopping and rewriting sentences over and over. After several hours, she hardly had anything written. With little time left, she had to quickly finish her story. Stacey realized she tried to be too idealistic.
Jeff had a lot of helium balloons at a party. He poked a hole in one and inhaled the gas. For a long while Jeff talked with a funny high voice. One friend suggested that the helium should have worn off by now. Everyone looked at Jeff with great shame for he faked most of it.
Jane always drank coffee in the morning. She noticed she was grouchy when she didn't. One time she aggressively snapped at her kids. Jane realized she was addicted to caffeine and decided to quit. It was difficult and took her a long time to get over.
Andy was playing basketball with his childhood friends. Andy was going for a dunk, when he sprained his arm on the net. Andy was in so much pain, that his friends administered medical aid. Andy's friends were able to stop the swelling by wrapping his hands. Andy was appreciative his friends were there to help with his injury.
Ally wasn't sure what to get for Tyler's birthday. She decided to make him a gift. Since he liked chess, she made him custom chess pieces. He was delighted to receive the gift. Now Ally and Tyler play chess every week with her beautiful pieces.
Ryan was going to a hotel in a foreign country. He decided to stop and get some food. While Ryan was eating he noticed a man in a mask. The man in the mask came up to Ryan and robbed him. Ryan ran to his hotel and called the police.
Ray screamed profanities at everyone around him. He slapped their faces, kicked their knees, and made rude gestures. Ray was forcibly put into his room. They told him to stay there, or else! Ray decided he didn't like being 89 all that much.
Laura found a jar of candy in her mom's kitchen. Laura ate all of the candy. She got really sick. Laura's mom discovered why Laura was sick. Her mom felt bad for her so she didn't punish her for eating it all.
Stacy had the most unruly curly hair. She really wanted to get it more manageable. She went to the store to get straightening cream. When she came back she put it on. To her dismay all her hair fell out.
James had an ugly yard. He turned the sprinklers on to water it more. He forgot about them and left the house. When he got home, his yard was flooded. Now his yard looked even worse!
On her way to work, Sally noticed a crack in her windshield. She pulled over to look at the glass. Sally saw that the crack was small. Sally started driving down the freeway again. Sally was relieved that the crack didn't get any bigger.
I was just given a money by my mom. She told me not to lose it. Somehow I cannot find the money now. I looked everywhere for it. Lo and behold, I put it in my wallet.
Dave wanted to be a cop. He bought a police scanner. One day he heard about a bad accident. He went to the accident, and it was gruesome. He decided he no longer wanted to be a cop.
Gabby loved searching for clues about her family tree. She found out about many ancestors already and was proud. When she discovered that one had been a noble, she changed. She decided that she too could live a wealthy life. She pushed it too far though when she asked to be called countess.
A farmer made a corn maze out of his field. He had his friend test it out to see how it was. The friend got lost very quickly. He had to cut through walls to get out. He told the farmer that the maze was amazing.
Sara's dad was Lebanese. Sara had always wanted to visit. When she was eleven her dad took her there. She got to meet all her extended family. She had a wonderful trip!
Tyson had gotten bitten by a bug. The bite itched. Tyson scratched and picked at the bite. The bite became infected. Tyson had to go to the doctor to cure the infection.
Selena has always done well in school. She had dreams of getting into the National Honors Society. Selena worked extra hard and did all of the extra credit. She was voted into the NHS by her teachers. Selena felt a sense of accomplishment.
My husband and I needed a new roof. We scrimped and saved our money until we had enough. My husband and I called around until we got the best price quote. We found a roofer that met our needs. Our home now has a wonderful new roof.
Jane and Tony went on their first cruise. They stayed in a wonderful room with an ocean view. Jane became very seasick and spent all of her time in the room. Tony brought her food and drinks. Jane vowed to never step foot on a cruise again.
Sue wanted to be class president more than anything. She put a lot of energy into making campaign posters. When she was putting up the posters, she heard someone snickering. Sue saw a group of kids mocking her carefully made posters. After school, Sue took down her posters and stuffed them in the trash.
The girl arranged her crayons. She put them from tallest to shortest. She threw away the five shortest crayons. She put them back in the box. Her brother could not find his favorite colors in the crayon box.
The students who graduated this year attended the award ceremony. The awards for the 8th graders were announced first. I was called by my Spanish teacher. She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish. I thanked her and walked off the stage.
Alicia moved into her first apartment. She had never cooked or shopped for herself. She bought a cookbook designed for people who had never cooked before. She read the cookbook. She heeded its advice and soon created nutritious and tasty food.
Gerald was really excited for a new book that was coming out. He signed up online to get an official signed copy from the writer. He got an email that told him he had won a copy. He went to the signing in Los Angeles and waited in line. Gerald received his copy and went home to read it.
Kyle was working towards his PhD in genetics. The last few month were rough on him. Defending his dissertation was the last step to graduation. Last week, his defense succeeded. Everyone is so proud of him.
Kiyree in no where near as good of shape as she was in high school. She played many sports in high school. She wanted to get back in that physical shape again. She began training and working out. Kiyree is sure she will be in better shape before long.
Connie loved going to the movies. She also enjoyed her high school art class. Connie wanted a job that combined the things she loved. Connie majored in art in college. After college she got a job designing posters for movies.
Kell was collecting the eggs from her hens. She decided to incubate some of them instead of selling them. She kept them warm under the incubator. In a few weeks they hatched into chicks. Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks!
Sam was excited when he got home He smelled baked cookies. He ran into the kitchen but found no cookies. His roommate mentioned buying new scented candles. Sam was disappointed to find out they were cookie scented.
I ate a handful of psychedelic mushrooms. The colors started getting really bright. I laid down and closed my eyes and rode the trip out. I thought about ways to live my life better. They wore off and gave me a new outlook on life.
I needed to go to Europe for business. It now takes a lot of paperwork to travel. I submitted all my forms. They didn't reach the authorities in time. I couldn't complete my trip.
Lucy had a job at a factory. Because of her work, she developed terrible carpal tunnel. She went to the doctor for the pain. The doctor tried everything, but couldn't cure her. She quit her job to go on disability.
Lucy and Katie were best friends. They had been friends for years. The two girls got into a fight. Lucy was devastated. She ended up losing her friend.
Allie was expecting some jewelry as a gift from her boyfriend. But instead he got her stock. She was a bit disappointed. However the stock price kept going higher. Allie was then very happy.
My niece had a wild life in her teens. She drank heavily and partied. One day she got a tattoo on  her right breast. Now she is a 43 year old mother with a good job. She regrets getting her tattoo.
Bud and Ted were rivals on the same hockey team. One day Ted got hurt with a puck and had to be hospitalized. Bud decided to go visit Ted while he was recovering. At first the boys were quiet, but then they chatted. When Ted came back, they were the best of friends!
Neil had just left the south of France. He had enjoyed Nice, but he wanted to see Paris. He took a long train ride north. They rode through hills and small towns. Then, the next morning, they arrived in Paris!
Lyn wanted to try out for the dance team. She had been in dance for Years but never on the dance team. She learned the routine. She practiced daily. She made the team.
The man painted the bride. The bride was curious how it looked. She asked her husband to look. He thought the painting was beautiful. He gave the artist a large tip.
Anita wanted to go to summer camp. Anita's step mother told her she had to stay home that summer to babies Anita told her dad that it wasn't fair for her to be forced to babysit Anita's dad agreed that it was unfair. Anita signed up for camp.
I needed vegetables for a recipe. I wrote down the names of the vegetables. I put on my clothes and shoes. I walked to the grocery store. I purchased the vegetables that I needed.
John went on a wilderness trip. John set up his tent. John set up a campfire. John encountered a poisonous snake. John managed to kill it by kicking it into the fire.
Living in Florida means the summers are nearly unbearable. Most of our neighbors have a pool in their backyard but we don't. So we looked around for good public pools! When we finally found one  it wasn't so busy. We got in the pool and instantly cooled off from the heat!
My wife and I got married in 1981. We bought a rattan chair for the living room. It looked like one in the movie Casablanca, our favorite. The chair proved flimsy and we replaced it a year later. We bought an easy chair instead.
I passed a note to a girl I liked in my class. It expressed my love for her. The teacher saw and grabbed the note. He read it aloud to the entire class. Everyone laughed at me and I ran out of the class in tears.
Tom was very self conscious about his freckles growing up. He frequently mentioned his freckle insecurity to his friends. As he got older his freckles disappeared. Tom gained more confidence in his appearance. Tom was no longer insecure.
Abe shivered as he rolled out of bed. He cringed as he walked across the cold floor. He grabbed some kindling and old newspapers and bundled them. He got the fire started with an old lighter. Abe held his hands out over the wood stove and began to warm up.
Miki's grandmother was getting very old. One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip. Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her. When her grandmother went home, Miki visited her every day. Miki and her grandmother cherished the time they had together.
Brooke had terrible acne. It was bad for her self esteem. She hated how she looked. Her mom took her to a dermatologist. Her skin cleared up in no time.
Gina went to Target to buy a new hat. She wanted one like one she saw in a music video. She looked, and looked but they didn't have any like it. She didn't want to buy any other kind of hat. So she left the store with nothing and went home.
One day, Joel's house was burglarized. And afterwards, he hated anyone who stole. A few days later, he saw a teenager stealing food at a grocery store. And he yelled at the boy and slapped him. But a security guard quickly overpowered Joel.
When Lori was 7, her parents let her grandmother babysit her. Lori made her way to the kitchen, where she found a jar of olives. Lori ate the entire jar of olives while her grandmother watched. With a couple of hours, Lori developed a horrible tummy ache. Now when Lori orders a pizza, she always insists on one without olives.
I once wrote a story for my friend. It mentioned how much dog hair was in my house. As I went to do something else, I looked down and realized the truth. The dog hair was really, really bad. My vacuum is now really full.
The mailman threw a huge box in front of my house. I took it inside and opened up the package. My new shelf was inside of the box. I eagerly took the parts and built the shelf in my room. Afterwards, I placed my school books in there.
Billy and John dashed into their room. Their parents had just bought them a bunk bed. It towered above them with a brand new finish. As Billy climbed the ladder, he felt John grab his arm. John had assumed he was getting top bunk.
Lenny and his brother walked through the Christmas tree lot. They were on the search for the perfect tree. Lenny saw a tree with an odd shape. He smiled because it looked like his deformed arm. The brothers took home their perfect tree.
Shawn's house was robbed. He had to speak to an investigator. The man asked him all about what was taken. He told Shawn they would try to get an arrest. The investigator got to work immediately.
Dan was going to be recognized for his long tenure with the company. Dan needed to prepare an acceptance speech. Dan decided to talk about his experience with the company. In addition, Dan talked about his relationship with his co workers. After writing, Dan felt confident about his acceptance speech.
Stephanie was away from home. She did not have a ride or money. She called the cops. One felt bad for her. The cop gave her money.
Tom and I went to Chipotle Chicken for lunch. I had the chicken burrito while he had the chicken salad. A couple of days after that, I got a severe stomach ache. I went to the hospital and saw that Tom was there. We were both treated for food poisoning.
There once was a hacker known as 4Chan. He was very lonely so he studied the people he knew. He was very good at it and made a habit of following people online. The media decided  to attack him for just wanting to make friends. But 4Chan was too good and never got caught.
Tom and Linda had been separated for months. Linda decided it was time to divorce. Tom took the news poorly. He wiped out his bank account and fled for Mexico. Linda regrets ever marrying him.
Jerry saw a mystery man hanging around in the parking lot. He approached him and introduced himself. The stranger was new in town and was bored. Jerry took him around and showed him the sights. They became fast friends!
Scott was called to the principal's office. The principal took out a crude drawing labeled with a teacher's name. Scott denied that the drawing was his. Scott's mom called the school to complain about the accusation. As the principal apologized, Scott pictured his next crude cartoon.
Marco realizes that he can't see as well as he used to. He thinks that he should get new glasses. He tries on a pair that he loves. Marco loves his new glasses. He is happy that he is able to see well again.
I sell books online. The Newton Library leaves discarded books on the sidewalk on Saturday. I was taking some books from the sidewalk when an angry woman came by. She said these books were for the poor and I should not take them. I told her the recycle truck picks the books up on Tuesdays.
Jan is excited when she gets a new job as a secretary. Until she meets her new boss. He has her running personal errands for him all day, every day. After a month she complains to his boss about his abuse of power. The next day Jan gets fired by her abusive boss.
This car dealer has not moved any inventory in months. He tried to market his cars but nothing happened. He finally had to drop his prices. After he started to see people coming to his car lot. He was able to sell everything he had in stock.
He liked his roommate, and she knew, but he never admitted it. She asked him to spend the day watching movies and having drinks. She sat on his bed, where the surround sound speakers were. She asked if he would miss out on the sound if he sat where he was. He didn't realize she wanted him to sit with her and liked him back.
A new restaurant opened in town. I was eager to try it. It looked good. So I went to it. But the line was so long I ended up leaving.
Tom loved nature and the outdoors. He decided to buy plants for his home. He browsed many plants at the nursery. He found a plant with very soft leaves. He purchased that plant and was happy about it.
Susie had been out in the sun for a long time. As a result she got a painful sunburn. She couldn't shake the pain off. So he had to use lidocaine. A few minutes later it felt so much better.
Ricky grew up in an army family. His dad was a sergeant. His family moved around a lot. Ricky got very tired of moving so much. He moved in with his grandma so he could stay.
Sean was stopped at a red light. Suddenly he felt something slam into his car. He was jerked forward and felt the belt tightly on his chest. After a moment, he was able to gather himself and check the mirror. It looked like someone had rear-ended his car.
My wife's nephew died of an overdose in 2013. He had been on heroin for 20 years. His sister insisted he was killed. She refused to believed the autopsy report. She is trying to get answers but we think she is delusional.
Joe Cohen is a 98 year old man who lives in my building. I met Joe while sitting on the bench in front of the building. Joe invited me to his apartment for dinner and drinks. Joe told interesting stories about his long life. I still see Joe often, and am glad to be his friend.
Bev used electric rollers in her hair. She needed to look perfect for her job interview. She waited in the reception area, chatting with the receptionist. When she was called in to interview the receptionist stopped her. She had noticed that Bev still had a curler in her hair.
Simon paced back and forth in the living room of the old house. He sat down and stood up, sat down and stood again. He paced some more, until he stopped in the middle of the room. Simon counted his fingers again, but there was no mistake about it. He was certain he'd closed more doors than he'd opened in the house.
Tom started feeling pain. It was also harder for him to pee. Tom went to the doctor to get help. They found a lot of different problems with him. Tom had to take medication and change his drinking habits.
Petra was an opera singer. Her dream was to sing in the opera houses. She moved to New York to make her career as an opera singer. She spent all her money and she had no job. Her dream was over.
Trevor got his motorcycle license. He'd just bought a motorcycle and couldn't wait to ride it. He went to the dealership and picked up the keys. He drove it home right away. He loved his new bike!
I was walking along the sidewalk. I saw a wallet on the ground. I picked it up. There was a driving license in it. I mailed the wallet to the address on the license.
We live in Tornado Alley. 3 years ago, we were hit with an F5 Tornado. It hit a local elementary school not long after dismissal. A bus driver, seeing the twister coming, evacuated the bus. She hurried them into a safe place and no one was harmed.
An indian was hunting deer in the forest with his bow and arrow. He came across a large deer in a clearing. As he launched his arrow a mountain lion pounced the deer. The arrow now missed the deer and hit the lion. The indian felt that this was a sign that the deer was meant to live.
Bay was racing her yacht. She was coming up on first place. Then she managed to overtake the competing boat. Bay pulled her yacht into first place. She won the grand prize in the race!
My back was aching from work. It was unbearable! I decided to stretch my back. I did a pike stretch. My back felt much better afterwards.
I was doing a pool workout. My calf froze up for a minute. It was as it flexed itself. I rubbed it. Then I continued the workout.
Lenore thought it would be fun to learn to play drums. She bought a kit and set it up in her room. She spent days trying to get basic rhythms down. Her roommates talked to her about how loud it was. Lenore decided to return the drums.
Tom was a dog walker. He got a new client with a really big dog. Tom said he could handle it. Unfortunately the dog wound up dragging Tom around. Tom had to quit the job.
John held Mary hostage and called the police. John made a list of demands. The police pretended to meet his demands. The police went in and apprehended John. John went to prison and Mary was safe.
Kim went to the store. She saw many things she wanted to buy. A pink dress caught her eye. She went and tried it on and loved it. Now she refuses to take it off.
When I get stressed out I meditate for an hour. Meditating helps calm me down. It relaxes my muscles and helps me think clearly. My parents notices that it makes me a better person. Meditation is something I would recommend learning.
Dan made a bet with a co-worker. He bet that he could close more sales that day than his co-worker. Dan started his work early the next day. Dan went the extra mile on every call. By the end of the day, Dan had won the bet!
Eric worked out all the time. He wanted to become an olympian. He practiced every day for 15 years. When he turned 27 his dreams came true. He won silver in the olympics bringing glory to his nation.
The Foley's went out to dinner on Sunday Night. They were all in the mood for Pizza. As they arrive to the restaurant, they notice a food truck parked. The foley's arrived 30 minutes prior to their reservations. They decided to eat from the food truck and the restaurant.
Janice was feeling more lonely every day in her new apartment. She decided that she wanted to own a dog. One day she adopted a young puppy. Although having a puppy was a lot of work, she was happy. Janice finally felt slightly less lonely.
Jessica loves to eat sushi. She decided to take a sushi making class. It was very difficult but worth it. She decided to test her skills on her family. They all loved the sushi Jessica made.
Anna cheated on her math exam. She thought she was being slick about it. But the teacher caught Anna cheating! He pulled her aside and lectured her at length. Then he gave her a grade of zero on the exam!
Tom went to Las Vegas. It was his first time there. He told himself he wouldn't gamble much. Before he knew it he lost thousands of dollars. Tom didn't let himself go back.
I was at the gym lifting weights. I first tried 25 pounds. Then I tried 50 pounds. Then I tried 75 pounds. After that I realized I hit my limit and quit.
Charles has the worst luck finding a job. He went to Craig's List and looked over the job listings. He came across a job lead managing the social media for a company. He used a Facebook fan page he made as an example of his work. Charles landed the position and makes sixteen dollars per hour.
Lucy and her grandma were going to cook dinner together. Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes. Lucy measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl. She mixed it all together with her hands. Lucy felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes.
Becky just had a baby. Becky's husband left her for a younger woman when she was pregnant. Becky tried to sleep for a few minutes but the baby started crying. She changed the baby's diaper and rocked it to sleep. Becky laid down again hoping for a few minutes of rest.
Bob was never very good at free throws. He was always too short to play basketball too. So, he decided to practice. After several months, he can make 99 out of 100 free throws! Although he's still short, he's now very good at free throws.
The mailman delivered a package to Ian. He took the package inside and started to open the box. There was book inside of the bubble wrap. When Ian flipped the pages, a few pages we're missing. As a result, he filed a complaint online.
My sister in law was angry at her granddaughter B. B had gone to a 50 Cent concert and did not tell her grandmother. I thought it was a little odd to take your grandmother out. I bought my sister in law a 50 Cent cd for her birthday. She was happy to get that but is still angry at B.
Ella converted to Islam. Her new sisters told her she had to dress differently. She had to modestly cover her hair with a hijab. At first Ella thought it was strange and uncomfortable. But she soon grew used to it.
Angela was competing in a local beauty pageant. She was responsible for buying a gown for the competition. After deciding what style she liked the best she went to the mall. She tried on twenty gowns before she found the perfect look. The gown and Angela were beautiful and she won the beauty pageant.
Omar has never eaten Indian food. But he passed by an Indian restaurant during his commute everyday. One day, he decided to go there after work. And he thought it was the best food he's ever had. Every weekend, he decided to eat at the same restaurant.
Yesterday I decided to relax by the shore. The weather was beautiful. While I sat down something happened. A bug bit my leg. I jumped up and screamed.
Tom moved in with a new roommate. The ad said that he was clean. Unfortunately Tom realized that wasn't true. After a while it caused too many arguments. Tom decided to move out.
Alex took the knife from the counter when her mom wasn't watching. She brought it up to her bedroom carefully. She closed the door softly behind her. She began carving out the eyes of her best friend with focus. Alex's parents stopped buying her dolls after that.
I ate at McDonald's the other day. When I got home I started to feel sick. I started getting stomach cramps and I threw up. I had to call out of work the next day. I will never eat at McDonald's again.
Joe was finally put on the field during a football game. He intercepted the ball from the other team! In shock, he started to just run down the field. His coach was yelling at him angrily as her got to the touchdown. He had run to the opponent's side of the field.
Alex was on a gameshow. He was so excited he kept forgetting to buzz in. Even though he knew the answers, he fell very behind. At the end of the show, he was in last place. He felt ashamed, having embarrassed himself like that.
The man strung up the Christmas Lights. He turned them on. They did not light up. He checked each bulb. He replaced the burnt out bulb.
Tara was a recent graduate, and couldn't wait to live on her own. But then she found out about her mom's bad financial situation. Her mom couldn't afford to live on her own, and had medical issues. Tara wanted her freedom, but loved her mom too much to abandon her. She hoped she'd be able to move once her mom got a better job.
I found out my niece just got a new job. She applied for this job two Year's ago. She got the job but it was eliminated due to budget cuts. The cuts were restored this year. My niece was very happy, as this is her first good job.
Tom was moving into a new apartment. He knew he needed to buy some things he would need. One of those items were towels. He went to the store. He bought towels.
I went out and bought a new computer yesterday. I really needed a new one. I immediately went to the nearest store. When I got there there was only one left. I instantly snagged it.
Eerin broke her arm. She had a really cool pink cast. All she wanted was for Stephan to sign it. She wouldn't let anyone else sign it until he did. After weeks of waiting Stephan finally signed her cast.
Joe sent an email to all his friends. It was telling them about a party he was having. He told them to bring something to eat and drink. A hundred people showed up. Joe was glad he wasn't feeding all of them!
Amy wanted to use the phone but her mother was on it. She rushed her mom off the phone. Her mother gave her an angry stern look. Amy was upset her mother wouldn't hurry up. She lay in her bed and fell asleep waiting for the phone.
Addie was going on a first date with Brian. She liked him alot and wanted to make a good impression. They had a nice dinner at a fancy restaurant. When she lay down in bed that night, she felt something hard. She realized she had left a curler in her hair all through her date.
The man prayed for something. He got what he prayed for. He thought that it was god's doing. He told his pastor. His pastor said that it was god's will.
Tim and his parents visited the local carnival. They enjoyed the sights and sounds. They decided to visit the psychic. They entered the tent. They had fun having their palms read by the psychic.
I was told I would have to deal with the pain. I didn't know how I would ever sleep again. My back seized up hard when I laid down. I took pain medication to help me sleep. I slept in small increments all night.
Gina was happy to see her friends in the hall at school. It was a break from her long day of waiting in the office. She ran to the door and chatted with them. A bell rang signaling there was one minute before class started. Gina waved goodbye as her friends ran to class.
Eddie's piano concert was tomorrow. He sprained one of his fingers. He decided to improvise the piece. Everyone was amazed by his performance. Eddie was hailed as a musical genius.
Fred's mom got a text. The text said "help" Fred's mom got very scared for her son. She frantically started texting and calling him. It turned out to be a prank.
Kay loved to read and write about outer space. But her parents thought she should focus on schoolwork. They feared she'd never get a real job if she dreamed all the time. In the end, though, Kay had the last laugh. She found a great job as an astronaut!
I wrote a huge to do list that I need to complete. Each item on the list shows what needs to be done. After accomplishing every task I cross each item off my list. Looking through what I accomplish made be feel good. I felt like I can achieve anything if I put my mind to it.
My wife and daughter went shopping in Queens. One store had sandals my wife liked. They were scuffed. The store offered to ship her a new pair from a warehouse. A week later the shoes arrived in Cambridge.
Allie was getting hungry. She wanted to eat. She was waiting for her friends. They needed to come with the food. They didn't come until an hour later.
Kelly was decorating her Christmas tree. She was trying to put up lights but a lot of them burnt out. She had to detangle some old strings. Then, she checked which ones even worked anymore. Luckily, she managed to find enough to light her tree well.
Kenny wanted to become a chef. He went to culinary school. He was still not very good at cooking. He got a job as a chef at a restaurant. He ran the restaurant into the ground.
I found a pair of earrings. They looked like little purple cupcakes. They even had little sprinkles. I bought them immediately. I put them in my ears.
Tina felt sick one morning before getting ready for school. She decided to go to the doctor to see what was wrong. She had a stuffed up nose and a hacking cough. The doctor gave her some medicine and a note for her school. Tina stayed home and in bed sick for the whole day.
Max was excited to have his friend Mason sleepover on Friday. Mason's mom dropped him off at Max's house just before dinner. Max's mom Mason and they had fun roasting hot dogs and playing. After dinner, the boys got in their sleeping bags and watched a movie. Max's mom sat with them until they both dozed off for the night.
Mel worked with a company that put up stadium lights. It was hard and dangerous work. She hoped to one day become a manager at the company. That would allow her to have a safe role in the company. Much to her disappointment, a friend of Mel's was promoted instead.
Tom decides he wants to have a dog. He goes to a dog pound to find a puppy. Tom adopts a young black puppy. He is very excited to bring the puppy home. Tom is glad he got a dog.
Barry was cutting a hole in his cabin. He made a large opening for a window. He wrapped it in plastic. He didn't use glass because bears could break it. He looked out the opening satisfied with his work.
Jay got lost in the woods. The night was getting darker. He got very nervous and he called out for help. As it got dark, suddenly the light came on in the street. He was able to make his way out.
John loved the Math class. Today he was writing a test. He was very excited. When he started test, it did not go well. John felt terrible.
Tasha had just finished up at the grocery store. She called a cab to pick her up. Then, she sat on a bench to wait for her ride. Soon a half an hour had passed with no cars passing by. Tasha called back and discovered that they had forgotten about her.
Stephanie loved her garden and spent a lot of time there. One day, she noticed aphids attacking her plants. Stephanie knew that ladybugs could help. She bought one hundred ladybugs from a garden store. Stephanie released the bugs and they gobbled up all the aphids.
Sheila's father had bought a new home. She was going to visit him. Sheila wasn't exactly sure where his house was. She met her father at the pharmacy down the road. Sheila followed her father to his home.
Martha had been cooking all day. She realized she needed one more ingredient. She got in her car and drove to the store. When she got home, she realized her dog had eaten the meal. Martha was disappointed, and ordered take-out that night.
After coming coming home from school, I was trying to my homework. I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing. Since it was too complicated, I started to get a headache. Eventually, my nose started running. I stopped doing my homework and went to bed.
Tito challenged his dad to a tennis match. He was only 12 and he was sure his dad would win. But he made his dad promise not to go easy on him anyways! Then the two males started playing tennis. To Tito's surprise, he beat his dad!
Kathy desired to be a Physical Therapist since she was in high school. In college, she took many classes and applied for graduate school. After a period of waiting, she finally received her acceptance email! She made her way through schooling and graduated with her degree. Now, Kathy is a Physical Therapist and teaches kids how to walk again.
Kia saw a huge spider in her bathroom. It crawled down into the drain. She was so scared! She turned on the tap. Then she let the water run until she was sure it was gone!
I once had to leave a country because I stayed too long. I misread the expiry date of my tourist visa. That meant that I had to pay a fee and leave the country. I returned and upon returning I was nervous they'd kick me out again. I successfully reentered but had nightmares about the contrary!
Carla is anxious about what career she will pursue after college. She can't decide whether to work or to pursue an advanced degree. Finally Carla decides to apply to law school. She is accepted at her top choice school! Carla is so happy that she knows what she will do after college.
Kelly really wanted a new pair of shoes. She decided to head over to jimmy choo. It was her favorite store. She ended up getting a fitting. She purchased the first pair she tried on.
Tom and his wife Diane had just had their first child. Every night they were rotating who would feed her at 3AM. One night Tom was very ill and his wife took care of the baby. Tom woke up the next morning, realizing he never fed the baby. He woke his wife to tell her, she then broke the news to him.
Ronnie was a college pitcher who was struggling on the mound. His pitching coach took him aside at practice one day. He showed him how to throw a screwball. Ronnie practiced the screwball for hours on end. In his next start he struck out 11 of the 15 batters he faced.
Gina's sister Jenn had taken her phone. Gina was asleep so she thought it would be fine. She thought she would be back home before Gina awoke. She was wrong. She gave the phone back and apologized for upsetting Gina.
Man Petty has been in prison most of his life. But he believes in obtaining a higher education. Studying psychology, he learned to evolve into what he wants to be. He says he wants to be hard enough to bust through bulletproof glass. Recently, he punched right through a bulletproof window.
Amy learned how to knit so she could make a sweater for her boyfriend. She took a shirt from his closet to use as a size guide. When she gave it to him she asked him to try it on right away. It was way too small for him. She had accidentally used his little brother's shirt as a guide!
Maddy thought it'd be amusing to swing from the chandelier. It had crystals and gold chains. The hotel manager wasn't amused at all. He fired her on the spot. Maddy told her friends it was totally worth it, though.
Erin went to the ranch with her mother. The ranch was building a new barn with a well. Erin got too close to the well and fell in. She screamed and screamed until her mother found her. The ranch owner found a ladder and got her out of the well.
Julie was looking for some extra spending money. She decided to open up a lemonade stand. To her delight the stand became quite popular. The neighbors wanted to get a taste. At the end of the day she made 100 dollars.
Damian was excited for halloween. He was going to dress up as the grim reaper and get candy. He then got a call from his friend saying that he can't go. Damian was disappointed and decided not to go too. It's not fun being alone.
My mom accused my girlfriend of stealing money from the safe. She disagreed and said that she didn't steal anything. Since I sided with my girlfriend more than my mom, I believed her. Unfortunately, some of my jewelry was gone the next day. My girlfriend stole it since she slept with me last night.
It was Burt's turn to pick an activity at the . He chose to show off his shooting skills. He paid the man at the sharp shooting booth a quarter to play. Burt was able to shoot five bottles off the shelf. He had won a comic book as a prize.
Kelly was excited about her new closet. It was just perfect. However to her dismay something got stolen. Kelly was furious. She knew she had to put a lock on it,
Rochelle was shocked to discover her apartment had been broken into. Distraught, she called the police and awaited their arrival. One of the policemen was a friend of hers from high school. Later, her friend the policeman started a collection for her. They raised a lot of money and helped Rochelle replace her things.
Zachary turned 16 years old yesterday. He wanted to get his driving permit. His Mom took him to the DMV. He took the test and passed. Zachary drove all the way home with his new permit.
Jerry had been a drug addict almost as long as he had been a farmer. Every time he tried to quit, a new trigger brought him back to them. One day, he shot a man, thinking it was an alien invader. The man turned out to be a wanted fugitive. Jerry used the reward money to pay for treatment.
Andrea was in the kitchen. Suddenly, she heard a fall and a cry. She ran to her toddler's room. He had been standing on his tricycle and had fallen. Andrea helped him up and gave him a hug until he felt better.
Lenny bought his girlfriend Monica new running shoes for her birthday. Monica loved the sneakers, and started wearing them immediately. But their dog was just as in love, and expressed this with chewing. Lenny was extremely dismayed - his gift was ruined! But Monica didn't mind, because this would mean even newer shoes!
Jane kept a diary through most of her life. Unfortunately, Jane lost the diary while out for a walk. Years went by with Jane missing her diary and all she wrote within. John found the diary one day while clearing brush from under a lamp. He delivered the diary to Jane and was rewarded with a hug.
I had never tried Jerky. So, I decided to buy some and try it. I went to the supermarket. I couldn't decide between venison or beef jerky. I picked venison and it was tasty.
Larry wanted to buy a car but his credit rating was bad. He decided he would try to improve his credit. He paid off his debts, and saved up for a down payment. He worked diligently for 2 Years to clean up his credit. After 2 Years his credit had improved enough to buy a car.
Tom had never gone rafting before. He was excited but scared. Mary had gone rafting many times and convinced him to go. He regretted his decision. He decided not to go and went home instead.
Thalia wanted to go to the beach. She packed her beach bag and hurried out. Once Thalia arrived, she realized that she forgot her bathing suit. Instead of going home, Thalia decided to take pictures instead. She got a great shot of the sunset on the water.
I bought a new dog. I wanted to train it to do tricks. Soon, I entered it into a dog show. My dog did none of the tricks I taught him. So I traded him for the dog that won the contest.
The smoke alarm in Matt's house started beeping from a low battery. Matt got out a chair to stand on in order to replace the battery. As he was putting it in, though, he somehow dislocated his shoulder. He then fell off the chair onto the floor with a loud crash! Then, after all that, the smoke alarm was still beeping.
Tyler is in war. He is serving his country the best he can. While rescuing a group of women in a town he gets shot. He is shot in the leg. Tyler is carried to camp to have his leg amputated.
My nephew just got certified with MAHA. This is the Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance. They offer lotteries for first time home buyers. The properties are offered at affordable prices. We are hoping my nephew wins one of the lotteries.
Allie wanted a tattoo. She really wanted one. All her friends had one. So she went to get it done. But it was very painful.
Jake had just moved to Michigan from Florida. He did not own any winter clothes and wasn't anticipating the cold. When he arrived at his hotel room he realized his hands were freezing! Jake knew he needed gloves and walked to the drugstore. When he arrived he found a free promotion giving away gloves!
Anthony receives a lot of spam, and he wondered who else did? He copied email addresses from one list and pasted them in facebook. He sent a friend request to a guy in Africa. They started a friendship. That summer Anthony flew to Johannesburg to meet his new friend.
Tom wanted pie. But he didn't have dinner yet. He thought about his poor health. And he decided to skip the pie. Later, Tom felt good about his decision.
Will had lunch with a friend at a local eatery. The following day, Will began to urinate blood! Will went to the hospital to get checked out. They ran tests to determine what was wrong with Will. They found that Will had gotten severe food poisoning from the eatery.
Wayne's friend Steve got a part in a play. Wayne hated plays but Steve really wanted him to go. Wayne agreed, even though he was dreading it. He went to the play and was surprised he enjoyed it. He even decided he would see some other plays in the future.
After work I called my girlfriend and made plans to go eat out. While walking to the restaurant I tripped and fell. I waited for the medics to come and help me. While I was waiting I called my girlfriend to tell her what happened. We met at the hospital and we spent the evening in the emergency room.
The teacher was reviewing the homework in class. He dismissed us an hour early since he had to fill out paperwork. I decided to go to the mall with my friends. We visited several outlet stores and ate food at the food court. I had a good time.
Allison dropped her phone. The phone's screen shattered as it hit the ground. Allison picked up the phone. She went to the store to get it repaired. She ended up buying a newer phone.
My mom was taking out the garbage outside. As soon as she bent over to pick up the bag, her back got sprained. She fell on the floor and wasn't able to get up. I had to take her to the hospital. Luckily, the doctor said that the injury isn't severe.
The kids had been wanting a dog. They begged and begged their parents. One day their parents took them to look at puppies. They all fell in love with a black and white puppy. They decided to adopt it into the family.
Bill recently got in unnecessary trouble at work. Bill's co worker placed the blame for a project on him. Even though Bill tried to plead his case, he still got in trouble. Bill even attempted to talk to the coworker about their lies. Bill was angry, yet more hurt that his coworker would lie on him.
Everyday Patrick comes to work at the barber shop. He's always smiling because he likes his job a lot. Sometimes his clients are difficult to deal with, but it's not often. Patrick receives gifts on his birthday and sometimes on holidays. He believes his job is one of the best on earth.
Derek worked as an exterminator. Derek also liked to play the trumpet. Derek was an excellent trumpet player. He was offered a full-time job playing his trumpet in a band. Derek quit his exterminator job.
Alex loved to write short, fictional stories. His dream was to one day be a famous author. He would write everyday to get better. Finally he submitted a story for publication. His story was purchased and Alex got published!
Marylinn took the home pregnancy test to discover she was pregnant. She first told her husband, and they celebrated together. Then, she scheduled her first appointment. She told her parents over dinner, and everyone was excited. The family began shopping for clothes and supplies for the new baby.
Fred really loved that frog by the pond. He saw him everyday. One day he decided to take him home as a pet. Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back. Fred was disappointed.
Tom loved to skateboard. One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park. His parents said yes. His parents drove him to the skatepark. Tom had fun at the skatepark.
Desi wanted her own aquarium very badly. She knew nothing about fish, but she began to research. When she felt she understood enough, she bought a fish tank. Her two little fish grew big and strong. Soon she added more fish and bought a larger tank!
I was carrying my purse with me. A man grabbed my bag. He ran off with my bag. I ran after him but could not catch him. I reported the crime to the police.
Ed had a girlfriend for the first valentine's day ever. He decided to get her a great gift. He bought her roses and flowers. He presented them to her with a flourish. She squealed with delight!
Judy rode the school bus home every day. The kids would pick on her, so she did not like the experience. One day, a boy named Earl stood up for Judy to the other kids. Earl and Judy became best friends. Judy eventually enjoyed riding the bus home from school.
Trevor got a new scooter. He took his scooter around the neighborhood. It got dark he was out riding so long. He ended up running into a pothole. His scooter broke, and Trevor cried.
Patrick wanted some cookies. He went to the store to buy some. The store was out of cookies. He then decided to bake some cookies himself. The cookies turned out to be extremely delicious.
Liz had her whole family over for Thanksgiving dinner. She put the turkey in the oven for four hours as instructed. Everyone was at the table waiting to eat. But the turkey wasn't even partially done. She had forgotten to thaw it so it needed another few hours to cook.
It was an asian celebration. Lily decided to have some mochi. But to her surprise someone choked. They had to help her. Finally the girl was saved.
Kelly lived in a big city and she loved it. She met a nice guy and they started dating. His name was Ryan and he grew up in the country. He brought Kelly to his farm and told her he wanted to move there. Kelly had to dump Ryan because she likes the city too much.
Sandra wanted to get a new pet. She went to the animal shelter to look at the cats and dogs. Sandra saw a fluffy gray cat and a big black dog. Sandra played with both animals. She decided to adopt the dog as her new pet.
Jake loved working out. He went to a popular gym. There were a lot of people there. It was always too crowded. Jake eventually had to change to another gym.
Zsa Zsa and Mark slept in late on Sunday. Still in bed, they argued about who would make breakfast. Finally, Mark agreed to make pancakes. Mark mixed all the dry ingredients in a bowl. Then he realized they were out of milk.
Max's eyes were red and itchy. He had stared at his video games for hours straight. His mom took the controllers away. Max cried and screamed. His mom told him to go play outside.
Max did everything to the extreme. In fact, he was so bold, he went body jumping with a friend one day. After he jumped, he went skydiving. He wasn't on the ground yet that he planned to go kayaking. Only when it started raining did he have to wait for the next day.
My friend Jim seemed happily married. He and his wife had three sons and seemed affectionate. They left our area and moved to Indiana. A year later I found out they had gotten divorced. I was shocked and surprised.
Jan made her famous spaghetti for her boyfriend. She slaved over the oven but it was worth it. Her boyfriend was impressed and ate seconds. Jan decided it tasted better than her mom's. She was happy her spaghetti turned out so well.
I was in Rome and all over are flower salesman. It is a bit of a scam so I always avoid it. This one insisted it was free so I took it to get away. He then started to ask for money. I gave back the rose, frustrated.
Jerry went to a bar and ordered a few drinks. A guy next to him brushed against Jerry's shoulder. Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink. They began fighting and Jerry beat him up. Jerry went to jail but the major problem was the threats he made.
Tom lost his wallet at the mall. He went back to look for it. One store had it in their lost and found. Unfortunately the cash was gone. Tom was glad to have gotten everything back at least.
The couple had never tried scuba diving before. They were on their honeymoon and wanted to be adventurous. They rented out a boat and went out to sea. They put on their gear and dove down. They saw amazing things and were delighted they had tried diving.
Laura has been staying up late for weeks finishing her term paper. When it is finished, she realizes she has become sick. Laura gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days. Finally she begins to feel better. Laura is happy to be done with the term paper and feeling good.
James got a new kitten from the pet store. One day his kitten escaped from his house. He looked all over the neighbourhood for the kitten. He left food out on the porch to lure it back. That night he found the kitten eating the food on the porch.
The students decided to graph the weather. Each day they tracked the weather. They added information to their graph daily. When the graph was full, they noticed a pattern. They were able to answer questions about the weather.
Ed got a sneaky feeling he needed to leave work and go home. It was early so he hesitated. He finally decided he should follow this urge, leaving the office. When Ed arrived home he found rising water on the first floor. The dishwasher line had burst!
Gracie came home and smelled something bad. She could not figure out what it was. She searched the house everywhere. She finally noticed her brother's gym bag. It was his stinky basketball shoes.
Burt always wanted to travel to London. He invited his best friend Paul to come along. They both bought tickets. There was trouble at the airport because Burt forgot his passport. Burt ended up not going to London.
The Zimmy family normally bought a lot of gifts for Christmas. But last year they decided they wanted to do something different. They donated some money to charity as a gift to others. Then they decided to go on a vacation for themselves. The Zimmy family went to Canada for their Christmas vacation.
Mary had just gotten a new job. Today was her first day. She liked the work a lot. She didn't like the people, though. Luckily, she was given a private place to work.
I tried applying to several jobs last week. I received calls from various jobs for interviews. I attended each interview and they all said they will call back. None of them called me back. I still remain unemployed.
The long weekend was almost over. It was time to go home. Tim, May, and their parents packed up their camping supplies. Tim and May had so much fun over the last few days. Although they were sad to go home, they knew they'd return in spring.
Chad is going to be attending his friend's wedding tomorrow. Chad decided he would surprise his friend with a song tribute. Chad picked out what he thought was the perfect song. Chad then began to practice his song long into the night. While Chad is nervous, he was excited to surprise his friend.
I bought a big box of cereal. I poured it in a bowl. However something was missing. I sat in my chair thinking about what was missing. Finally, I remembered to pour in the milk.
The family got packed and headed on the road to Georgia. Since most of the trip was through several forestland, we were nervous At one moment, a large ostrich appeared on the road. It wouldn't stop moving around. I tried to take it out of the road however, it was chasing me.
Alyssa had to be awake by 7 am in order to be on time. The electricity went off, the alarm clock did not. It was after 9 am when she woke up. She frantically rushed to get dressed, hitting her ankle on furniture. Then she realized that it was her day off.
I wanted to take the kids to the zoo. It was Saturday and we had no other plans. We got in the car and drove to the zoo. The kids loved looking at the animals. The monkeys were everybody's favorite.
Bill and Rob like to build model kits. They are both really good at it. One day, they decide to write a book about model building. They find a company that will publish the book for a small fee. When they see the finished book they are both very proud.
Billy liked this girl. The girl sat in front of him. He played with her hair. She told him to stop. He stopped it.
Jon was feeling bored. He decided to annoy his mother. He opened an umbrella in the house. His mom got mad because she was superstitious. She grounded Jon for a month.
Gertrude hated sharing her toys with her brother Billy. He would always ruin her toys. Billy tried to play with Gertrude's toy car, but she snatched it away. Billy began crying, and their mother rushed to check on them. Their mother took the toys and made them both go to sleep.
I had a very long beard. I decided that I wanted to shave it. I used an electric razor. It took me quite a while. My face was clean shaven.
Mark was an introvert student, and his friends called him library-hog. He was always offended by this, and tried to curb conversations. Natalie, his friend started introducing him to more people. He built confidence while conversing with others. Mark's friends stopped teasing him, and started treating him nicely.
David was selected to be a participant in a brain study. He went to an office and they made him play puzzles and games. He underwent an MRI. Afterwards they paid him and later sent a picture of his brain. David found it an incredibly positive experience.
Andy had a broken faucet. He thought about calling a repairman. But he decided to fix it himself. After hours of frustration, the faucet wasn't fixed. Andy regret not calling a repairman.
My daughter had As in high school. She thought about becoming a pediatrician. She took chemistry in college. After she got a C, she switched majors to philosophy. She got a Masters in philosophy and is married to a philosopher.
Jim tried out for the basketball team at school. He did not make it this time. The coach told him to practice a little more. Jim practiced all through the year. He tried out the following year and made it.
Hans made his burgers on the grill one afternoon. His wife and son set the table and pulled out the condiments. Hans then discovered that he forgot to get buns. Hans' son suggested that they use bread slices instead. Hans congratulated his son on a great idea.
Kelley had to make a speech. She was so nervous. She got up on stage and ended up messing up. Kelley was so embarrassed. She wanted to hide herself.
Jake had to make dinner for his family. He hated to cook. He microwaved some pizza for his family. His family pretended to like the food he prepared. His family starved the rest of the night.
I stepped to the line to shoot the game tying free throw. The ball bounced around the rim before falling out. The other team got the rebound. We lost the game. I spent every day that summer shooting 200 free throws.
My son fell asleep for his afternoon nap. I tiptoed through the house so that I wouldn't wake him. The doorbell rang. I opened the door, but nobody was there. I closed the door and my son woke up.
I have trouble accomplishing big goals. So I simply break them down into smaller ones. Sometimes my to-do list will be dozens of steps long. But I get results. Eventually my big goals seem to simply have finished themselves.
Julian ran away from home one day. His parents looked really hard for him. Still, they never did find him. After almost a year, he was the legal age and didn't need to hide. His parents were very mad at him, though.
I was a homeowner but now I am a renter. I applied for a loan because my homeowner's taxes were due. The Credit Union rejected my application for the tax loan. I begged the Payday Loan people to help me but they did not. Now I am a renter because I was evicted from my home.
A flock of sparrows flushed out of a tree. The sparrows made a left turn. They found a new tree to settle in. One of the sparrows refused to leave. That sparrow was promptly eaten by a cat.
Yesterday I saw west side story on Broadway. It was amazing. It was the first show I ever saw on Broadway. The music was wonderful. Thankfully I will see it again soon.
Joshua was hurriedly driving home from work. Out of nowhere, a deer skittered onto the road in front of him. Joshua slammed on his brakes as hard as he could. Fortunately, he avoided hitting the deer. The deer then pranced off of the road.
Ann had been with Fred for a few months. She was getting irritated with their relationship however. He told her today he would call her and he never did. Ann felt very betrayed and had enough of him. The next day she saw him they ended up breaking up.
Beth wanted to give her mom a great present for Christmas. She knew her mom wanted a new sweater. But each one Beth saw was too expensive to buy! Then Beth had another idea. She knitted her mom a warm homemade sweater for free!
Denise told her mom she was sick so she could stay home from school. Once her mom left Denise took off with her friends to see a concert. Denise had a great time with her friends. When she came home, Denise forgot to take off her concert wristband. Her mom caught her and grounded her for sneaking off to the show.
Taylor ordered a shirt off the internet. The shirt did not fit well. She decided to resell the shirt. Someone purchased the shirt. Taylor was happy to have her money back.
Annie was sewing a seam to hem her pants. She stuck the needle through the fabric. The needle pricked Annie's thumb. Annie screamed in pain. Annie pulled out a thimble to avoid further problems.
Jane's class reunion was later that month. It had been thirty years since graduation day. She worried that she wouldn't recognize anyone. Maybe they wouldn't recognize her either! She decided it really didn't matter.
George loves to watch tv. His favorite shows are Sesame Street and  Blue's Clues. His mom like his to watch Dora the Explorer. She knows he could learn to speak Spanish if he watches Dora. His parents do limit the amount of time he watches tv though.
I retired from my job in 2012. I worked for a mass transit agency. I was a big collector of transit souvenirs. Last week the mail room manager sent me a new souvenir fare card. I sent him a note thanking him for his generosity.
Ken was playing Frisbee outside. He threw it too hard one time. It flew up on top of the roof. His dad didn't let him go get it. Ken never got it back.
Dan loved reading to his daughter. Recently, he bought a new book titled Magical Unicorn. Dan read the book to his daughter, and she loved it. She loved the book so much, Dan read the book another two times. Dan loved the fact that his daughter loved the book he bought.
Jeb opened up his own bakery. However, he didn't know how to cook. The bread tasted like rocks. Jed decided to hire a chef. After that, the bread tasted like bread.
Susie reached for a bag of grapes. She thought they would be good. But she found something, She found a huge bug. Susie screamed and threw the bag away.
My uncle brought me several pounds of deer meat. He had made some of the meat into summer sausages. I didn't like to eat meat, but I had to admit I loved deer. I ate a large piece with my dinner that night. We spent the evening filling the deep freezer to the top.
Kate was always into gymnastics. She dated a guy who was into pro wrestling. Kate realized it was just a lot of gymnastics. She eventually got into it too and started doing it herself. She got somewhat famous in the smaller shows.
I need extra wide shoes because I wear a leg brace. I have to order them from a specialty company. I need a 10E shoe with velcro strips The selections are not very wide. It is depressing but I am coping with this issue.
Darcy brought home a cat. It jumped on the couch and started scratching the upholstery. Darcy tried to get it off, but it hissed at her. Darcy fled the house in panic. The house claimed the home, and Darcy slept in the car.
Tim's girlfriend had a habit of lying. She would make promises she didn't intend to keep. Tim was fed up with it. Tim's girlfriend broke one last promise. He dumped her on the spot.
Khalid has been practicing his jump shot every day. He really wants to make a difference for his team. They had a game last Saturday and the scores were very close. Right before the buzzer, Kalid made a shot and it went in! He won the game for his team and realized all his hard work paid off.
On Saturday afternoon, Trevor attended a basketball competition. He is the captain of his team so it was vital that he won. After his opponent fell, Trevor shot the ball right into the net. His teammates cheered loudly. Trevor happily received the trophy from the referee.
When I woke up my mother, I told her Santa had arrived. She got out of bed and went to see what I was talking about. She said he was still in the kitchen. I went to bed, but she told me not to look. I looked anyway, and saw he wasn't there.
Linda and Melissa disliked long car rides to their grandmothers house. They would always become extremely car sick. They tried to think of ways to stop from becoming sick. Melissa got the idea to count the clouds in the sky. This turned out to be a good way to stop their motion sickness.
Tom was doing very poorly in all his classes. He was flunking three and barely passing two. It became obvious he wasn't going to be able to fix it. His professors gave him the option to drop the class. Tom did so with four of them.
Shane loves going to the movies and eating snacks during them. His favorite snack is popcorn with buncha crunch candy. Unfortunately tonight when he went there was no buncha crunch candy. He ordered some kit kats instead to go with his popcorn. As Shane ate his popcorn with the candy he realized he liked it too.
Louis stepped out from his pod. How great it was to be the first man here, he thought to himself. He took a few steps forward, and grabbed some moon rocks. They were put into his bag. He looked up at the sun overhead.
Chef Tony was the best chef in the land. Tonight he was making spaghetti for the king. The problem was he was out of pasta. He called the delivery truck but they couldn't make it. Luckily, the king brought his own pasta so dinner was saved!
Jodi arrived at the movie theater very excited. She bought some popcorn from the counter. Jodi was even persuaded to buy some soda. Jodi tripped and had to sweep her popcorn off the floor. Despite her embarrassment she enjoyed the movie.
Kia's classmate stole her binder. Kia told the teacher right away. The other students mocked her for a while. But Kia didn't care. She was just happy to have her binder back!
I was solving a rubix cube at home. My friends wanted to help. I told them I wanted to do it alone. After an hour I was frustrated. When I passed it to my friends, they solved it instantly.
One weekend the Sellers went camping. The boys and men loved it but not the ladies and girls. The sites were very primitive and they slept in tents. The females were not prepared to rough it like that. After a lot of whining the trip was cut short!
Tommy lived in a century-old apartment building. One day he read a news story about lead paint and pipes in old homes. Tommy became worried about his long term health. He invited an assessor to check his paint, and it was fine. Tommy bought lead water filters for all of his faucets, just in case.
Dominic was playing basketball with some friends. He went in to shoot for a three pointer. The ball swished as it went to the basket. He looked down at his feet after it landed. Dominic was just inside the line, and had only made two points.
Kim was having a picnic with Paul. They laid on their backs and looked up at the sky. There were several fluffy clouds out. Kim kept pointing out different shapes. Paul didn't see most of them but played along anyway.
Brad always wanted to travel by sea. He had finally saved enough money to buy his own boat. Brad see's a posting on a website. He decides to meet up and take a look. Brad falls in love and purchases the boat.
Today i decided to bake some cookies. i was looking forward to eat some too. I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time. All of the cookies were burned! I was very upset, but decided to do another batch.
Henry's basement was very dark. He took a flashlight down there to help him see. He peeked around, looking for a specific box. He found the box and brought it upstairs. He decided not to go down there at dark anymore.
He was going through a divorce. He found out I was as well. He messaged me and asked me out. I was bitter from our childhood breakup. I agreed to go out with him.
One day, my parents forced me to stay in a hot car for over an hour. I became very ill from the heat and sunlight pouring into the windows. I began vomiting when they let me out. I had to drink a lot of water and rested in bed for days. That day I became very sick from sunlight and it stuck with me.
Charles went to see his first Star Wars movie. He has never been a fan of Science Fiction before. By the time half of the movie was over, he was hooked. He decided to buy all the rest of the Star Wars movies. And that same weekend, he watched them all.
Theo watched his pet hawk flying from afar. He shouted a word and the hawk dove. It tackled the grey fox running along the plains. The hawk killed the fox and waited for it's master. Theo skinned the fox and thanked his pet hawk for the hunt.
Anna had always kept freshwater fish, but loved saltwater. She decided to set up a saltwater tank. After all, she reasoned, how hard could it be? But the more she researched, the harder it became! Finally Anna decided to just stick with her freshwater tank!
Jeff was taking a painting class. After a few months Jeff lost interest in painting. He was still interested in art. Jeff bought a camera. He started to take photography classes.
Brad was about to pay for the bill. Although Hannah was broke, she offered to pay in a resistant tone. Although Brad tried to convince her not to pay, they fought. In the end, Brad paid for the bill. She gave him a kiss.
When I was three, my mother got pregnant. I was very excited to have a little sister. When the baby was born, it was a boy! I was so upset. Now, I'm happy and I love my brother.
Pete needed money for clothes. He was wearing the same outfit everyday. He needed to last until his next pay day. At the end of the week, Pete received his check. He took his money to the mall and bought clothes.
Susan was making a soup. She opened the fridge to grab some ingredients. The last thing she was going to grab was the vegetables. Then she saw that they were all brown and mushy. She did her best to cut away the bad parts.
Ethan won a prize in the mail. It was a rather large nude statue. Ethan was only 12 and didn't know where to hide it. He put it in his closet and looked at it periodically. He would sometimes sleep with the large nude female statue.
Alexa was on vacation with her boyfriend. She was having a nice time but she was also upset. Her boyfriend seemed distracted and sneaky all week. Just as she planned to confront him, he told her he loved her. Suddenly, he was on his knee proposing and Alexa said yes.
Tabitha had recently had braces put on. She was really embarrassed and didn't like them at all. She was looking sad when the nurse noticed. She told Tabitha that she could pick some colors for her braces. With blue and red bands added, Tabitha felt much cuter.
Amy loved tomatoes. She loved them so much that she decided to grow tomatoes herself. She bought a tomato plant and put it out on her front porch. The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day. After only a few days, the tomato plant died because of the sun.
Larry is going fishing. He is going with his grandpa. Larry likes to spend time with his grandpa. They catch lots of fish. They eat fish for dinner.
Mary was trying to find the perfect gift for her husband. He was an avid sportsman. She decided to buy him a hunting dog. Mary picked out a puppy. Her husband was delighted with the gift.
The air was just beginning to turn a little chilly. Soon, leaves would turn and then fall. People knew this could mean only one thing. Football season was approaching! Go, team, go!
John loved violent action movies. His girlfriend thought they were immature. He kept trying to convince her to watch them. Eventually she thought he was immature too. John broke up with her over it.
I took a trip on a plane for the first time in years. My ears began to hurt from the altitude. Nothing I did could make the horrible pain stop. The waitress gave me some earplugs. The pain in my ears disappeared for the rest of the trip.
I was taking a test in class. I had been taking the test for about two hours. I started to drift into sleep. I did everything I could to prevent sleeping. I eventually fell asleep on accident until class was over.
I found a pamphlet in my door. It was an invitation to a rally. I showed it to my husband. We discussed it for a long time. We decided we will go and see how it turns out.
It was Valentine's Day, but Josh didn't stop by. Kate turned the ringer up on her phone, but he didn't call. She looked for an email, but there was nothing. She checked Facebook and saw his post. There he was, smiling, arm around her best friend.
My son decided to go to a party. He returned home at two in the morning. I found out he was drunk. The next morning, I grounded him for one month. My son got angry so I grounded him for four months.
I just realized the year is almost over. In addition to celebration, it's also A time for reflection. So, I went to the store and bought a journal. I wrote down some needed changes. I'll get the New Year started off right!
Preston went to the big city to visit some friends. He decided to walk around and do some sight seeing. Somehow he got himself lost. Frustrated, he stopped a female jogger and asked for directions. Ater he told his friends what happened, he noticed his wallet was gone.
Kathy bought a new house. It was in a bad neighborhood. She went to work one day. Her house was robbed during the day. Kathy wants to sell her house now.
Cade is excited about his Christmas show. He has been practicing Jingle Bells all week. On the day of the show he is so nervous. On stage he looks out at the audience to find his mom. She is in the first row, so now he knows everything will be fine.
We went to the movies to see Creed the movie. It was based off of the Rocky franchise. We were amazed at how good the fighting scenes were. They did a really good job, and acting was great. It was a fun night and we really enjoyed it.
I bought a new generator last year, and never used it. We got some weather that spring, and a huge storm hit. I was tired, but when we lost power I had the generator handy. It started with one pull, I love the thing. I kept my TV and wood stove going, and was happy and warm.
Sarah was fascinated watching her older brothers water ski. Her parents told her she was still too young to try. Nevertheless, when her parents were away, her brother let her try. She held the crossbar tightly while waiting in the water. As the boat engine roared, Sarah fell flat on her face.
Even though he was small, my son was in perfect health. We took him home from the hospital in a little preemie gown. His hat was covered in stripes. He was always cold because he had no body fat. I put him in a bassinet by the window for warmth.
Ana wanted to play guitar. She signed up for lessons. At first they were confusing. Ana could not remember any of the chords! But soon she grew into a great guitar player.
The man washed the dishes. He put them out to dry. The cat knocked one of the dished over. It broke on the floor. The man cleaned up the broken dishes.
Terry was on his way home All of a sudden, his car broke down. Terry did not know how to fix it. A mechanic saw terry and decided to fix his car. Terry ended up driving home happily.
My friend came over to celebrate a holiday. He handed me a bottle of wine to open for us. I told him I did not have a wine bottle opener. He went to his car to find one. My friend came back a minute later with the opener.
Jane was really sick. She asked for the day off work. Her boss didn't let her. She had to go to work sick. Her coworkers got infected as well.
Timmy was in his house. Timmy heard some sounds from upstairs. He was very scared. He decided to investigate however. And it turned out to be just the wind and an open window.
I had a few too many drinks at the party. I became less inhibited over time. I eventually found myself dancing on a table with my friends. I began to sing loudly and off key. My husband convinced me to go home and sleep it off.
Fred picked up a book at a thrift store. He read the first paragraph and skipped to the end. He felt that the ending was very solid. Fred decided to buy the book. When he got home he began to read it cover to cover.
Beverly loved cliff jumping. One day she saw a rope swing near a cliff. She decided to swing off the cliff and into the water. Sadly, her foot got caught in the rope. Instead of going into the water, she went to the hospital.
Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish. She wished to be a nurse for her birthday! Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea. She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday. Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all!
Yesterday my iron broke. I plugged it in to start using it and it popped. As it popped, smoke came out. I was horrified. Thankfully I got a new one.
Henry was walking while holding Stacy. He accidentally slipped on a small toy. As a result, he dropped Stacy. She landed on her head and began to cry. Henry immediately picked her up and took her to the bed.
My friends and I wanted to go to a water park. First we loaded up the car with snacks for the trip. Then we drove 3 hours to the water park. When we arrived, we went on every single ride. We had a great time, and I hope we go back soon.
Fred was really thirsty during a basketball game. So he went to get water from a vending machine. But he saw a can of iced coffee and bought it. And he became hooked to the drink. Instead of returning to basketball, Fred drank more iced coffee.
Jerome wanted to buy a new television. He spent his summer cutting lawns to earn money. After he had enough money he brought it to the store. The television he wanted was on sale for half the price! Jerome enjoyed watching his favorite movies on his new television.
Tom was eating dinner. Tom was alone. Tom wanted to be entertained. Tom began browsing his smartphone. Tom became entertained.
Alicia was feeling stressed. She needed to do some yoga. She went to her first lesson. But problem was she couldn't do the poses. So she had to do another sport instead.
Sharee had just graduated college and hadn't found a job yet. She was living on her own and the bills were piling up on her. Sharee was at her wits end when a friend told about being an escort. Sharee thought that was disgusting and brushed off her friend's idea. After getting an eviction letter, Sharee asked her friend how to do it.
Nola was 15 and pregnant, and determined to keep her baby. But then the doctor told her she'd be having twins! Nola was terrified, but steadfast - she had her mind set. She did her best to raise both twins as well as she could. And as each day passed, Nola grew more and more grateful for them!
Penny is a pitbull. Her owner is Martha. Martha found fleas on Penny. Penny got a flea bath from Martha. Now Penny does not have fleas.
Stan was afraid that at his old age he would never find love. One day a friend told him to try a singles event. Stan met a beautiful woman there. After dating for a year, the decided to get married. Stan was happy that he had found love.
My friend Jay went to Jamaica on his honeymoon. He decided to go to places not seen by tourists. He and his wife went to a tea shop. They were served brownies laced with pot. His wife was not appreciative.
It was my junior year. My only race at the state meet was the mile relay. I got the baton. I ran into someone hard who had just finished. I shook it off the best I could.
I was out on a date eating sushi with my girlfriend in Malibu. I ran to the restroom real fast before we received our food. I bumped into a handsome man in a suit, it was John Stamos. I apologized and told him that I was a huge fan. He told me to move out of the way, Uncle Jesse is a jerk.
Sam was in the pool. She barely could swim. She ended up in the deep end. She struggled to get out of the deep side. She ended up drowning.
The first time I saw collard greens was when I was in the Army. At first I thought they looked disgusting. I did not want to eat them at all. My Army friends all convinced me to try them. They tasted just as bad as they looked.
Pete married when he was very young. Now he had a job, a house, and a daughter who was 5 years old. Pete decided that he liked other men more than he did his wife. He left her to find his soulmate. Now he sees his daughter twice a year.
Tracy was at her father's house. He had a ton of records. Tracy didn't know the artists on any of the records. Her father wanted to introduce the music to his daughter. Tracy and her father spent the night listening to the records.
As winter approached, Mitzi realized she needed new gloves. She went to the store to try to find a good pair. She found lovely blue gloves with a white snowflake pattern. She even got her new gloves at a discount. Mitzi was very glad to have beautiful gloves to keep her warm.
Jane wanted new shoes. She decided to shop around. She finally found the best deal. She was able to buy them. She was able to.
The Nurses Ball was about to start. The manager came her greeting and major thanks to every person. Several of the nurses mentioned me. They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient. I gave them a hug at the end of the day.
Sarah went to New York City for the first time. She met her friend at the bus station. They walked through Bryant Park. Next, they got on a subway train to Queens. In the end, they decided to shop at the Queens mall.
Tom had never done a long distance race. He thought it would be good for his cardio. He practiced and trained for a bit. The day of the race Tom did surprisingly well. It encouraged him to keep trying.
He woke up early because his stomach was hurting. He said it felt like a burning pain. He smoked a cigarette, which didn't help. He tried eating some breakfast. Eventually the pain went away.
Jim was moving out of his house. While moving his furniture out, he broke a window on accident. Jim's landlord came to inspect the house. The landlord took note of the broken window. Jim didn't get his deposit back.
My father was out of work and didn't know what to do. So I suggested he open up a food truck to sell our cuisine. He loved the idea, so he bought a food truck and started learning. My dad made countless dishes for us to try and which we liked. We all loved it, and now so do all of his customers daily!
My extended family was planning a visit to see me. I really didn't want to see them so I kept stalling. They really weren't happy with me but came anyway. We had a really good time during their visit. I felt really bad about not wanting to see them afterwards.
Brian's arm was broken at the beginning of the summer. He was sad he couldn't play with his friends. He watched the boys at the park playing ball. At the end of the summer, his cast came off. He got to swim and play again!
Dan had exercised everyday for two months straight. Dan decided to take a well deserved rest day today. However, Dan's friend invited him to go skating in Central Park. Dan decided to take his friend up on his offer. Dan realized that his day of rest turned into him exercising again.
I like a cool apartment. My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment. We often argue over the temperature. We agreed to keep it in the middle of our preferences. Now we argue over our preferences.
Kim was watching television. On the show there were people playing poker. She found the game interesting. She wanted to learn to play the game herself. She decided she would ask her mother for a poker set.
Ike decided to have a great senior summer. But his mom had other plans - she enrolled him in school! At first Ike hated the classes every day. But at college, he saw how well-prepared he was. Then, Ike silently thanked his mom.
Ben liked to play with his cat. He liked to get them to chase strings. One time Ben ran around in a big circle. He wanted to entertain his cat. The cat never lost interest.
Kelsi went to the pet store. She needed to buy food for her goldfish. She also looked at the other fish in the tanks. Kelsi decided to buy another fish as well as the food. Kelsi brought the new fish home.
Sarah's boyfriend was cheating on her. She was furious and broke up with him. He was angry at the other woman as well. She thought about confronting her. She decided to just move on instead.
Timothy's kids wanted to sell lemonade to make some extra money. He helped them set up a stand out of some cardboard boxes. They made a sign on construction paper with magic markers. It was a hot day and business was good. All in all, the kids ended up making almost thirty dollars.
Raul was in charge of burying all the landmines near the base. He drew a map so he could remember where he put them. Carl asked Raul for the map because he wanted to go for a walk. Raul hated Carl so he gave him a false map. No one at base trusted Raul with the landmines after that.
Mary was studying really hard for her exam. She needed to do well on it in order to pass her class. She had trouble concentrating. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't understand the information. Mary had to take the class again next semester after failing the test.
Tina had a cat. Her cat was sick. So the vet gave her medicine. But her cat would refuse to take it. Tina didn't know what to do.
Kendra wanted to learn how to cook. She took a breakfast cooking class at a community college for fun. She learned how to make eggs benedict. Her hollandaise sauce was amazing! Kendra made eggs benedict every time they had house guests.
Jim went to a party with friends and had a few drinks. He claimed that he could hold his body vertically from a sign pole. Goaded on by his mates Jim gave it a go, and fell on his side. Waking up with bruises Jim realized how out of shape he had gotten. That day Jim went to the gym and got a membership to start working out.
Gary was excited to be leaving for college. In fact, today was the official move in day. Gary's parents helped in move in to his new dorm. In addition, Gary's friends helped him move as well. Gary was glad that he had his family's support on move in day.
Tim needed a new car. His old car broke down. He went to the dealership. He picked up the fastest one. He drove down the street happily!
Tom was tired of his roommates eating his food. He decided to do something about it. He put really spicy chili powder into his food. One of his friends ate it and got really sick He had diarrhea for a day and a half.
Pat sat down to his desk at work to type an email. When he got to writing his name, he realized the letter P was missing. He asked his co-workers if they knew anything about it. They all laughed and said that it must be a prank. Pat grabbed another keyboard from storage to use for the day.
Alex as in class when he felt ill. In the nurse's office they called his dad to pick him up. Alex went to the nurse's office to wait for dad. Dad had an important meeting he couldn't leave. Alex fell asleep in the nurse's office waiting for dad
I was getting ready to cook dinner. Unfortunately, all I found in the cabinet was spinach and bread. I decided I wasn't hungry. My tummy began to rumble after three hours. So I gave in and ate a large helping of spinach and toast.
Angela had gained some weight in her belly. She started going to more exercise classes to shape up. In class, someone excitedly asked her when the baby was due. Angela turned red and said she wasn't pregnant. The woman gasped, and apologized for her mistake.
Ashley heard some talking. She was picking up her neighbor's conversations on her baby monitor! She knew it was wrong to listen, but she couldn't help it. She would turn on the monitor and listen every night. Soon, she knew all of her neighbor's business.
Naya was splashing in the creek. She was having a great time! The, out of nowhere, she shrieked. A crayfish had bitten her! Naya wailed with the unexpected pain.
Bobby got an F on his math test. Bobby's teacher gave him problems to practice with. Bobby tried the practice problems again and again. Bobby took the second test. Bobby got an A!
Steve got on his motorcycle. He tried to start it. The bike did not respond. He rolled it down the street to his friends. His friend helped him fix the bike.
Brian had an important document that needed to be fax. He asked his co-worker where the fax machine was. The co-worker told him he thought the fax machine was gone. Brian had to go a pint and copy store to send the fax. Brian was able to send the fax on time.
Abby had her first soccer game. She was nervous about playing. Her mom gave her a quick pep talk. During the game, Abbey scored a goal. From then on, she wasn't nervous about playing.
Kim was off work on Sundays, so she made a doctor's appointment then. But as the date approached, she saw that it was a Tuesday! She had mistakenly used last month's calendar when scheduling. She had to call and reschedule her appointment. Luckily, they had an opening that Sunday.
There were many holes in his stories. I knew he wasn't telling the whole truth. Everything he told me was a contradiction of itself. Finally I realized he was doing it on purpose. He wanted me to stay confused so I wouldn't get close to him.
Tammy needed a dress for her friend's wedding. So she decided to go shopping. Tammy went to the mall and tried on dresses for hours. However, she could not find a dress that she liked. She decided she would have to try looking online.
Allie had been working for twelve hours straight. She was working at the store. She was on her feet all day. Allie got rather upset. She needed to take a short break.
My grandpa was on the ocean trying to deep sea fish. He had traveled several miles off shore. He dropped his lines near a ridge on the ocean floor. After several hours without a bit he fell asleep. My grandpa never caught a fish but sure got a good sunburn.
I wanted to make a ladder by which we could climb a tree. I ended up just hammering nails into the tree in an ascending pattern. Finally, I was ready to give the "nail ladder" a test. The nails cut through my shoes and left me with some scrapes. I did, however, make it to the top.
Our dog was very playful. We tried to find a dog friend for her. She was so playful that it upset other dogs. We finally found a compatible dog. We adopted her and had two fun dogs.
Matt just turned sixteen and bought a new car. He realized that he never learned how to change a tire. He asked his dad to teach him so he will know just in case. His dad showed him once and then made Matt change it while he watched. After one try Matt changed the tire by himself perfectly.
Amy awoke to see the sun was shining bright in the fall. She went to the door and it was warmer than expected. She sat on the porch enjoying the sun. Her niece came out with her bike and began to ride. Amy loved that beautiful fall day that felt like summer.
Jessica needed to buy some new furniture. She went to the store and looked at some couches. She sat on each couch to see how comfortable they were. Jessica found her perfect couch and purchased it immediately. She went home and eagerly awaited for her new couch to be delivered.
I decided to visit our school when i was in high school. I texted my friend if she want to come with me. Then she agreed. When we were in our school,we saw some of our friends. Then we scheduled our next visit with our friends.
Anna was craving pizza. She did not feel like cooking. She placed a call to a pizzeria for delivery. Soon the driver arrived with her hot cheesy pizza. Anna happily munched on the delicious treat!
Eric planned a camping trip. His friends liked the plan. They all left together in one car for the trip. One of the routes on the road was closed due to a mudslide. Eric and his friends camped at a nearby campsite later that night.
Suzy wanted something different with her hair. She decided to buy a boxed dye. When Suzy was done she loved her color. Her friend liked it so much she bought a box. Suzy wanted to it again.
I left myself this morning with my new puppy called Terry. Terry was super excited to go his walk and he barked in delight. The beautiful sun warmed the both of us as we strolled down the street Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control. After about an hour, Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep.
After they had tin foil dinners, Tim and May begged for s'mores. The embers from the fire had died down enough to roast marshmallows. May and Tim whittled down some branches and skewered marshmallows. It was great fun browning and sometimes burning the marshmallow. They agreed the best way to eat it was with cracker and chocolate.
Jill was a very quiet, shy girl. She was in 10th grade and had never been on a date. She had a crush on the boy that set next to her in math. She didn't think he liked her back, but one day he asked her out! They went to the movies together that Friday and had a great time.
Abigail wanted to make a keepsake. She planned on making handprints with her toddler. She put his hands in blue paint for the print. When she wasn't looking, he smeared the paint everywhere. He made a huge mess that she had to clean.
Tim had a couple of pet turtles as a kid. He tried to take good care of them. Unfortunately they both got sick. Their shells became soft. Tim had to learn about death at an early age.
One day Jerome goes to the movie theater to see a film. During the movie his phone kept ringing. Someone else at the theater politely asked him to turn his volume down. Jerome listened to the person by switching his phone to vibrate mode. Everyone in the theater including Jerome watched the film peacefully.
Greg sat down for his lunch break. He ate the sandwich his wife had made. Greg realized he was very lucky to have a good wife. He called his wife to tell her he loved her. When he got home a nice dinner was ready for him.
Alex lived near New York City during hurricane Sandy. The hurricane brought heavy rainy, wind and flooding to her area. Many people and animals were displaced during the storm. As a result, Alex adopted a dog orphaned in the storm. Sometimes good things can happen even during tragic events.
Lucy was in a car. It was going to fast. She couldn't control it. All the sudden she got sick. Lucy felt better an hour later.
Juan is working on a very important project for his boss. He is at the office quite late, and is starting to feel tired. Juan decides to drink a cup of coffee to help himself feel more awake. After the coffee, Juan has much more energy. He finishes the project and goes home to sleep.
Jordan wasn't feeling well. He went to school anyway. Jordan had the flu. He ended up spreading it to his classmates. Half of his classmates missed school over the next week.
Jon went to the zoo one day with his mom and dad. Jon instantly fell in love with the beautiful animals. Jon began studying zoology and ecology. Jon graduated with honors. Now Jon is a trainer at the world's largest zoo.
May's brother Dan had a new truck. May asked her mother for a truck. Her mother told her girls play with dolls. She asked her dad next. She was sad when they gave her a doll instead.
Daisy was never very athletic, but she tried hard. The coach of the soccer team knew this. He always played Daisy because she worked hard. The ball fell to Daisy's foot. She ripped a shot into the corner of the net.
Katie's class took a trip to the zoo today. When they arrived, they were excited to see a new exhibit was open. The exhibit featured dinosaurs and had dinosaur-related activities. The entire class ate sandwiches together near the penguins. The trip to the zoo was a success and Katie can't wait to go back.
I went to the bar with my friend in LA. He ordered a bunch of drinks for us. He got so drunk. He started to spill his drinks everywhere. Finally, we were kicked out of the bar.
Lisa noticed her daughter wasn't wearing her earrings. She asked her daughter where the earrings were. Lisa's young daughter told her she ate the earring. Lisa brought her daughter to the ER. X-rays confirmed the earring's location and they eventually passed.
Ron had a case of beer and needed to chill it quickly. He saw a tip online to wrap the beers in wet paper towels. That way, they'd chill quickly in the freezer. Ron doubted it, but he gave it a try anyways. To his surprise, the strange tip worked very well!
Tom asked Allie on a date. Allie said yes. Tom drove Allie to a movie. They went to dinner next. They had a good time.
Ariana was feeling uneasy about her boyfriend going to Las Vegas. Her boyfriend Tim was going on a boys trip. Ariana felt left out. She confronted him but he went anyway. Ariana then contemplated her relationship.
Mary decided to go for a walk. While walking, she tripped and fell. She broke her leg. A passing driver stopped to help Mary. The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment.
Bill was feeling happy when he walked into his math class. He had gotten all his work done the previous night. But when the teacher announced a pop quiz he get nervous. Once he saw the questions he felt confident though. They all related to the work he had done the night before.
Tim bet his friend Todd that he couldn't eat a grasshopper. Tim caught a large green grasshopper in his front lawn. Tim teased Todd for hours. Finally Todd gave in and ate the grasshopper. He spit it out because it tasted so disgusting.
I was walking in the mall yesterday with my flip flops. I pursued many stores. Yet on my walk, I stumbled. I found out that my strap broke. My flip flops were broken.
Kelly was on her way home from school. She was riding her favorite bicycle. Suddenly Kelly lost her balance and scraped her knee. When she got home her mother cleaned her knee. Kelly had to wait for her father to fix her bike.
Paul woke up and got ready to go to work. He rushed out the door and got into his car. He noticed that he left a light on in the kitchen. Paul got out of the car and went back inside. He turned the light off and went on his way.
I've always been a girly girl. As a child, I used to want long hair so bad. So, I put a blanket on my head and ran around. I felt like a glamorous woman. I've worn long hair ever since then.
Walter noticed something strange in the sky one night. He didn't believe in space aliens, but he was confused. He was sure he had seen a flying saucer in the night sky. Then he saw on the news that a weather balloon had crashed. Walter was relieved that aliens hadn't come visiting after all.
It was the end of the week. Susie was quite happy about that. She was happy to relax. She popped in a movie. Then she went to bed.
I have been trying to order something online for over a week. And the website finally accepted my credit card. But when the package was in transit, it became damaged. And they were no longer able to send it. But I was glad that they gave me $30 credit for the inconvenience.
Tim wanted to get a gun. He bought a cheap one online. It was fairly ugly looking. Tim was made fun of at the range. Tim still used it for years.
John was always a slow eater. He only had half hour lunches. John tried to eat faster but it didn't work. He decided to just eat smaller portions instead. It helped keep him on schedule.
He started coughing very hard. It sounded like he was choking. He stood up to get a breath. His face started turning red. Finally he could breathe again.
Colton was working at the soccer game. He was a referee. He tried to call everything fairly. He made a bad call and all the fans yelled at him. He was embarrassed so he apologized and changed the call.
Jane loved flowers. She saw pretty ones while driving home. She pulled over. She picked up a few. Jane decorated her house with them.
A group of friends was always looking for something to do. But they did not have the most money in the world to be spending. So they started brainstorming as to what they could do for the day. Finally John had the idea of bowling. They found some lanes and went bowling with their friends.
Lucian liked playing games with his brothers. He usually lost to his older siblings despite how hard he tried. He practiced volleyball for many hours. Eventually he came to be the best player out of his brothers. Volley ball became Lucian's favorite game after that.
Matt visited his family at home. His mother had made a turkey dinner for his arrival. Matt and his family sat down and ate the turkey dinner. They ate until they were all very full. Matt was so full that he could barely move, but he was still happy.
John had to play a music show in an hour. John couldn't find his guitar anywhere! John started scavenging to look for his guitar everywhere. John found the guitar in the last place he looked. It was safe in his guitar case!
Billy's mom left him home alone. It was the first time he was by himself. He called a friend on the phone. They stayed on the phone until Billy's mom came home. Billy told his mom he was never staying home alone again.
Melanie desperately wanted to have a baby. She had been trying for months. Finally, her dream came true! Melanie had a beautiful baby girl. She was the love of her life!
Lane and Lauren were getting married. The wedding began with some romantic music. Then, the bridesmaids and groomsmen entered. When the bride and groom entered, the audience cheered. It was a happy and memorable day for everyone involved.
Lily was playing hide and seek with her cousins. She was curled up in a ball and no one could find her. Soon people began calling for her to give up and come out. When she popped out of the drawer everyone was surprised. They deemed her the best hide and seek player.
My brother does our taxes this year. My wife proofread the returns. He made a small error. It cost us $50 less in refunds. We joked about it.
Tim was on vacation. He was at a tropical area. He decided to go on a touring boat. It had a glass bottom that showed several creatures. Tim took several pictures.
John wanted to enjoy his coffee on a bench in a park. He sat down and listened to the sounds of the city. Suddenly, the big dog appeared. He jumped right into the John's cup of coffee. Coffee ended up on the floor.
At the zoo there is a sign about a tiger. It says be careful because the tiger may spray. All of a sudden I saw everyone running. The tiger had lifted his leg and sprayed. I ended up getting covered in tiger scent.
Tiffany wanted to take a bath. While in the bath she was playing games on her phone. She dropped her phone into the bathtub. Tiffany panicked and put her phone in rice. The rice dried out the phone and she was able to use it again.
George invited Mike to play a game of Risk. George was not a good strategist but knew how to cheat. Mike knew George's talent and prepared himself for it. When George started cheating, Mike started cheating too. In the end they had to call it quits and admit their mistakes.
Ken wanted a puppy, but his mom said they couldn't afford it. Ken was dejected, but he understood. Then one day an old neighbor offered to give Ken his collie dog! Ken was thrilled to accept! He named his dog Lassie, and they quickly became best friends.
Cady loves online shopping and recently found a new site she likes. Forever 21 is Cady favorite online shopping site. She purchases five outfits a month but recently something went wrong. Two shirts that Cady bought did not fit and the sale was final. Cady couldn't return the shirt because of a no refund or return policy.
Amy was shopping for new slippers There was a pair of tiger print slippers on clearance. Amy disliked animal printed items. But she purchased the slippers because they were so affordable. Amy ended up wearing the slippers until the sole fell out.
Joyce had attended her grandson's baseball game. She sat in the bleachers. Joyce got up to leave after the game. She tripped over the last step on the bleachers. She hit her shin on the metal bench.
Nevin was fed up with his couch. He went to the store to get a new one. The salesman was very nice to him. Nevin got a great deal. Nevin is very happy with his new couch.
One day, Mary went to the beach with her family. She was playing on the beach when she met another kid her age. They were together all day, collecting shells & playing in the water. Before Mary had to leave, her new friend gave her a necklace. Mary wears the necklace all the time now as a momento.
I was a born again Protestant. I got engaged to a Catholic. My church refused to marry us. She did not want to go to Catholic pre-Cana classes. We ended getting married in a Unitarian church.
Andrea was shopping with her friend and friend's mom. Her friend was picking out a dress for the dance. Andrea tried on a few for fun but was too poor to buy one. Suddenly her friend's mom offered to buy her a dress. Andrea was so grateful and loved the dress forever.
I once had a green bicycle. I was a very nice bike. I couldn't let anyone ride it though, even if I'd liked. It made everyone sad that they couldn't ride my bike. Eventually i got a new bike so  that people could ride it.
Two friends go to the dog park. They take their new puppy that is full of energy. ONce there they realize it's empty. There's no other dogs for their puppy to play with. So they play with it themselves.
My son has insurance. One day he got very sick. I took him to the doctor. They made me pay a copay. He was able to see the doctor.
I decided to go jogging with Ted. We did a few laps and continued to run. His leg caught a cramp. I tried to help him stand but he wanted to stay on the ground. His leg continued to hurt for several minutes.
My sister in law is married to Joe, a man 22 years older than she. Her three sisters and their kids were at a cookout one day. The kids were playing with an old toy on the lawn. Joe yelled at the kids and took the toy away. The sisters were not amused.
I was performing at the talent show. My body had the shakes and I was nervous as ever. When it was my turn, I just froze on the stage. It was a very awkward pause in front of everyone. I just exit the stage being embarrassed.
At school, Charles stood around talking to his girlfriend Naomi. A bully nearby threw pebbles at Charles. Naomi suggested they talk somewhere else. Charles told him to stop and the bully said let's fight at 3 o'clock. Charles to his girlfriend he was so worried, she said, that's angst!
Vick was thinking about voting for the president in 2008. Vick didn't like Obama. Vick also didn't like Romney. Vick decided to not vote for anybody. Vick ended up not caring about that election.
This past week someone I know died. He had been diagnosed with cancer recently. It seemed the time he had left kept being adjusted by the doctors. Before we knew it, the math was pointless - Reuben slipped away. I'm sad that he died but I'm relieved that he's not hurting any more.
Julia's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations. Her favorite was the advent calendar. Every day one of the kids got to eat a piece of candy. When no one was looking, Julia rearranged the candy on the calendar. She made it so that on her days she got her favorite types of candy.
Hilda was at the library when she saw an ad for a competition. The contest was for the best cookies.`. Hilda had an amazing family cookie recipe so she entered. She delivered her cookies to the judges who refused to give any hints. To her delight they finally announced her cookies as the winning ones.
Meg was home and she had a headache. She tried to ignore it but the pain persisted. She went to her bathroom for medicine. She took two aspirin with a glass of water. Her headache slowly started to go away.
Mariah and her husband had never been able to conceive. They considered adoption for years, until finally they felt ready. Then they applied to be adoptive parents. They ended up with an Asian baby named Suki, sweet and cute. They loved her right from the very first day!
The family was traveling. They found one motel that had a room for them. It was disgusting. Bugs ran across the bed. They decided to go sleep in the car instead.
Tim signed up for the wrestling team. After a week he wanted to quit. He would always lose. He practiced really hard. Soon he was the best on the team.
Jenn was in the car asleep as the family drove on the highway. She awoke as the car stopped at a gas station. She looked out the window to see a brown shape out of the tarp. She realized it was a the head of a Deer. She let out a startled cry and ran into the gas station.
I used to run track in high school. I really enjoyed it, as it kept me in shape. One day, my knees became swollen really bad. I learned that I had tendinitis in both knees. I had to quit track immediately and seek medical help.
Mark collected antique box fans. His hobby was to walk around the neighborhood on recycle day. He found several fans that were broken. He took the fans home to clean and repair. The fans made good additions to his collection.
Kate had always wanted a sister. She begged her parents, but they laughed her off. Then one day when she was six, they gave her exciting news. She was going to get her little sister after all! Kaye was so excited, she jumped for joy.
Angela raised her two children on her own. The kids grew up and moved out of the home. Angela started to date a man that she really liked. She ended up pregnant with his child. She now had to start all over with a baby.
Lloyd sneezed loudly. The class got suddenly quiet. Lloyd laughed at the reaction. The class laughed with Loyd after a pause. The teacher thanked Lloyd for the comedy at the end of class.
Timothy went for a ride on his electric skateboard. He went so fast, he went faster than the cars on the road. People honked at him. He thought it was because he looked so fly. But actually a squirrel was riding on the board behind him.
Stephen had been awake for days. He tried to sleep but couldn't. He would lay in bed for hours but never actually sleep. Instead of going to the doctor, he just took a bottle of ambien. He'll finally get  sleep now because he overdosed and died.
Russell, a sergeant, wanted to prove himself. He saw his chance with some terrorists. He told his soldiers to attack. The general told did not recommend this. So his whole platoon was wiped out.
Ophelia has always wanted to build things. She decides that she should become a carpenter. She finds a local carpenter who allows her to be an apprentice. Ophelia works very hard until she is a skilled carpenter. She is very pleased to have a job that allows her to build things.
Ollie is worried that his English teacher doesn't like him. She always scolds him and never lets him use the bathroom. When he tells his mom, she suggests bringing his teacher a gift. He searches all day and finally finds the perfect present. He later learns that his teacher is, in fact, terrified of salamanders.
Lucy fell asleep watching a movie with her grandparents. Her grandma nudged her husband to look at Lucy. They smiled, knowing she tried to finish the whole movie. Her grandpa picked her up and carried her to her bed. He tucked her in, kissed her cheek, and turned out the light.
Sam and Nicole had to wash the dishes by hand. Soon the girls were splashing each other. Their mom was not happy. The girls had stopped. They had to wash the dishes and clean the kitchen.
Yessica went to see a movie by herself. The movie was a horror movie. She got very afraid. She regretted seeing it by herself. She tried to hold the guy's hand sitting beside her.
Jason was a lifeguard at the neighborhood swimming pool. Nothing interesting ever happened on Jason's shift. While sitting in his chair, Jason's mind began to wander. It wasn't long before he dozed off. Jason's supervisor woke him up and reprimanded him for sleeping.
Tom was running late to his doctor's appointment. He was stuck in traffic. Tom decided to cancel his doctor's appointment. Tom went home instead. He had to pay a $50 fine for missing his appointment.
My boyfriend and I were arguing. We were arguing about a couple issues. Communication is key, and we needed to talk it out. We finally talked it out and resolved the issues. Now, we have much less arguments than before.
Sandy finished her research paper. She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after. A few minutes later, she got a reply from her teacher. He told her to re edit the document. Since she deleted it, she accepted an F for the grade.
Casey checked his watch at the train station. The train was due in 3 minutes. In the distance he saw the train coming, By the time the train stopped it was right on time. Casey entered the train with a smile.
I played paintball in the woods. I crossed the enemy lines. I was with two teammates. An enemy player popped up from the bushes. We surrendered.
Emma sat at her computer all day. But when she lied down in bed, she noticed pain in her lower back. She figured it would be gone the next day. But when she sat down at her computer, it still hurt. Emma had to go to a chiropractor to ease the pain.
Yesterday Kanye debuted his third fashion collection. He displayed it in Madison square garden. Unsurprisingly the clothes did not look appealing. Most of the clothes had a grunge look. I know for sure I won't be buying them.
Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike. She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother. They went outside, and got Zoey's bike out of the garage. Zoey loved spending time with her mother. She learned how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom.
Jax worked for a mechanic's shop. A customer brought in a car for a repair. The customer left her purse in the car. Jax stole the purse. Jax was fired for taking the purse.
Andy wanted to play a board game with his daughter. After searching, Andy found the board game Candyland. Andy was excited to be playing Candyland with his daughter. In addition, Andy got to spend quality time with her as well. Andy could not wait to play Candyland with his daughter.
Dean was sleeping one night. He woke up to his stomach growling. He headed down to make a snack. He looked for some bread to make a sandwich. There was no bread and Dean was left hungry.
Ray went to the hardware store to buy some supplies. He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get. Ray started at the top and worked his way down. He was able to find everything on the list. Once he had it all, Ray crumpled up the paper and toss it aside.
Jane was driving home from the grocery store. It was rainy and dark. She hit a puddle and lost control of the car. It ran off the road and hit a tree. She made it out with injuries but is supposed to recover.
Jorge wanted to start teaching piano lessons. He set up a website and a few advertisements. He only got two students in his first month. One of them was a wealthy child. The family hired him full-time and he gave up on his business.
The man turned on the  blue laser. He turned the wavelength up. He pointed at the wall with it. The color was green. The man labeled it green laser.
Randy had been fighting with his girlfriend She kicked him out of the apartment one night. Randy decided to wait for her to calm down in the backyard. It started to get unbearably cold. Luckily, she eventually calmed down and let him inside.
Marie has always battled with weight gain since she was a child. She didn't like to diet but wanted to lose some weight. So she started vomiting her food after eating. Marie lost 50lbs in one month and that concerned her Doctor. She told her Doctor about vomiting and he diagnosed her with bulimia.
Jim's mom got a paper in the mail about Jim receiving an award. She called his teacher and asked if she had nominated him. She had nominated him and said the group of teachers did. His mom bought him a new outfit for the award ceremony. His parents and family attended and were very proud.
Robby worked at a store that sold clothing. A woman was in the store with a small child. The child knocked down a shelf of folded tee shirts. Robby spent half the morning refolding the tee shirts. He was in a bad mood the rest of the day.
Andy loved to play on the swings. He asked his mother to go to the playground. She agreed to go if they could do errands as well. Andy agreed to do errands and go to the playground. Andy and his mother had a long day playing and shopping.
Jacob was always happy to help. He saw that the local soup kitchen needed help. He headed down that way to lend a hand. He worked hard all day serving food. Jacob felt exhausted but good at the end of the day.
The kids were stuffing their faces with candy and cookies. An hour later, they were zooming around the house. They had so much energy from the sugar! They ran and ran until they finally collapsed. The decided to eat healthy foods the next day.
Jane's ceiling was peeling. She started to paint the living room. She thought it would take about 3 hours. She spent 8 working on it. After all that she still had half a room to finish.
Bobby was seeing his doctor. He needed a follow-up appointment. His doctor checked him out from head to toe. Bobby got a clean bill of health. He walked out of the appointment feeling relieved.
Ted was a journalist in the middle east covering a story. All of a sudden, he got a call warning about a terrorist threat. Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide. As he hid, the streets filled up with violent protests. Ted ran the the embassy and then was flown out of the country.
I use to ride my horses down along the river near our house. One early morning as I was riding I saw a man standing near a tree. He was dressed in old clothes from some time ago. As I rode closer he stepped behind the tree. When I got to the tree I could see he wasn't there, he was a ghost.
Yesterday I went to the salon. I needed to get my nails done. The nail artist painted them purple. They looked great. I couldn't wait to show my friends.
Kayla's father didn't like her boyfriend. He told her not to see him. Kayla told her father she was going to a friend's house. Her father saw her leaving a restaurant with the boyfriend. Kayla got into trouble for lying.
I love to binge watch a television show. Once I start a show I buy all the seasons on dvd. My buddy told me about Netflix and how much cheaper it is. It sounded amazing because I did spend a lot of money on dvds. I signed up for Netflix and I love it!
Doug bought himself a boat. Doug talked incessantly about his boat. His friends became tired of hearing about the boat. They started referring to Doug as Dingy Boy. Doug was sad when he learned his new nickname.
Jeff used to go to this amazing Mexican place near his school. He always had some spare time between classes so he would get lunch. About halfway through his junior year the place went out of business. Now Jeff is forced to bring his lunch and eat at school. He hopes that there will be a new place opening up soon.
My family loves Italian food. We had a favorite Italian restaurant. We went to eat there once a week. One day we saw a sold sign on the door. My father had bought it!
Dave played his loud music all night. The neighbor complained to management. Management warned Dave to turn down his music. Dave ignored the warnings. Dave was evicted from his apartment.
Mary took her kids out to find a restaurant for dinner. They drove by a pizza place, Mexican restaurant, and hamburger place. One of her kids wanted pizza, and the other one wanted Mexican. Mary stopped at the pizza place to get her kid pizza. They then went on to the Mexican restaurant, ate, and drove home.
Clark had always been impressed by tap dancers. He decided he wanted to learn to tap dance too. He started taking a tap dance class after work. He practiced very hard until he was a great tap dancer. Clark was proud that he was not a tap dancer.
Shelly has been working hard at her job. She is called into a meeting with her boss. In the meeting they discuss her work. Her boss tells her she has been an excellent worker. He gives her a promotion.
Bill spent time matching socks when doing his laundry. The socks would get mixed up in his sock drawer. So he spent time each morning trying to find a matching pair. He couldn't take it anymore and threw his socks away. He bought 30 pairs of identical socks and solved his problem.
Tim didn't know why his new speakers didn't work. He tried everything to find a solution. Eventually he called to have someone come check. It turns out he never plugged them in. He thought they were wireless.
Amy wanted to borrow a pencil from the teacher. The teacher told her to borrow one she had to pay money. When the teacher wasn't looking Amy stole a pencil. The teacher turned around fast and caught her. Amy ended up with a three day suspension.
Janet was baking a cake. She realized that she didn't have all the ingredients. Janet sent her husband to the store. Her husband picked up the last ingredients. Janet was able to finish baking her cake.
Leo found a bicycle in the park. As he needed one he was tempted to keep it. But as he was honest he put an advertisement in the paper. He waited to see if the owner would call him. When no one did, he kept the bike in good conscience.
Tom was laid off from work. It was the early afternoon and he was bored. He decided to drink some beer. Before he knew it he was drunk. The next day he decided to stop drinking.
Yoshiye liked making origami animals. She particularly enjoyed making swans. Her family told her that she was making too many swans. They said that she would have nowhere to store them all. Yoshiye started folding some paper storage boxes.
Amy fell asleep waiting for a call from a guy. At 2AM she awoke to see he still hadn't called. Amy picked up the phone to make sure it was working. There was a dial tone on the other end. Amy couldn't understand why he didn't call her.
I have to do most of the cleaning at my house. One thing I do is clean the floors. I sweep the floors with a broom. Then, I mop the floors with hot water and soap. Finally, I wait for the floors to dry.
There was a recall on cans of tuna. I searched high and low in my cupboards. I finally found my cans of tuna. I found out that the cans I owned had been recalled. I had to throw all of my tuna away.
Everyone told Bob he was too short to be on the basketball team. He thought if he practiced hard he would be able to make it. He spent the whole summer working on his shots and building endurance. At tryouts, he was the fastest and had the best free throws. He was 5 inches shorter than anyone else but he made the team.
Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel. She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration. She typed one sentence and had no more ideas. To get her imagination going again, she decided to turn on the radio. As soon as a new soon started, she started typing.
Carol decided to have a day at the spa. When she was on the massage table, she got hot rocks. However the spa lady kept them on for too long. Carol got up and screamed. She got burned and had to get aloe.
Mitch was transcribing audio data for work. He always dreaded hearing Sue's voice. She would ramble on and on with many filler words. Mitch often dreamed of finding her office and slitting her throat. But today he merely hit the rewind button harder and persevered.
Calvin had a heart condition. His doctor told him not to drink any caffeine. Calvin went to a restaurant. His waiter was taking his drink order. Calvin ordered a glass of water with lemon.
My grandmother lives alone. She is a very lonely old lady. I invited her to come and live with my family. She was overjoyed. She now isn't lonely at all.
Susan is a talented artist and was thinking about what to paint. She misses her childhood home and decided to create a painting of it. Susan purchased all of the supplies necessary for her painting. She drove to her old home and set up her easel outside. Susan created a beautiful watercolor painting of her former house.
Anna got the same lunch every day - bologna and carrots. She wished her family could afford more diverse meals. Then she saw that some kids in her class couldn't afford lunch at all. This made Anna feel a lot better about her own situation. She was grateful now for her sandwich and vegetables.
Amy always dreamt of running her own bakery. She knew it would cost a lot to start one. Amy spent many Years saving money working at other bakeries. Finally she had enough money. Amy was very proud on the day when she opened her own bakery.
I was 14 years old. I had just finished the 8th grade. I was eating dinner with my dad. I hear a phone ring. He pulls my new cell phone out of his pocket!
Bill worked at a gas station. He did not like his job very much. One day Bill was an hour late for work. Bill's boss fired him for being late. Bill was happy that he didn't have to work at the gas station anymore.
Brandon drove home from work. He saw a homeless man resting on the corner. He approached Brandon and said that he went to the same high school. Brandon realized that he was a bully at the time. He closed his windows and drove off.
Truman loved to thrift shop. He bought vintage clothes. He wondered what to do with his old ones. It put them up for sale. He started a business.
I went to start my car last friday. My car wouldn't turn over. I took my alternator off to be tested. The parts store said that it was bad. I replaced my alternator with a new one.
I was at the bookstore with my daughter. We went to the young readers section to select some books for her. On a shelf there, I saw a copy of Where the Red Fern Grows. I remembered the ending of that book and almost burst into tears. I realize I will have to be prepared for the young readers section.
Anna was making a rice-based dish for her family for dinner. She tried to do everything perfectly. But she over boiled the rice, and it turned to mush! She had to improvise and fry it into paella. Her family enjoyed the strange but tasty treat.
Mark has always loved sports. When Mark got older, he decided to work with kids. Mark became a coach at a high school. Mark gets to teach kids sports and games. Mark loves his job.
Kevin asked Toni out on a date. Both were nervous. They met at the restaurant. When she got there she saw him. They had a great date.
Ellen was driving home. She saw a car accident. One of the people in the car looked like her sister. Ellen stopped to get a better look. The car behind Ellen's ran into her.
Matt had been listening to his favorite song all week. He decided to learn it on the guitar. He thought he sounded pretty good so he filmed it. Then he posted the clip online. People really enjoyed his cover and complimented him.
Mike was planning on making hamburgers. He went to get his ground beef from the fridge and smelled something. To his disgust, the meat had grayed and smelled foul. He tried to salvage some of the good stuff, but it was no use. The meat was a waste and Mike didn't get his burgers.
Amy wanted to make a new purse out of leather. She visited the local leather store to purchase a hide. The lady at the store told her she would need 2 hides for her project. The least expensive hides were $80 each and not very nice. Amy decided to maker her purse with fabric instead.
Joshua blushed after he farted. He hoped no one else had heard the noise. Then, a girl in front of him turned around and looked at him. Joshua blurted out it wasn't him! The girl looked confused, and said she just wanted to borrow a pen.
Dan hated minivans. But with a 4th kid on the way he had no choice. He drove the van to work. His friend Rob saw him and began laughing. Dan was angry with Rob the whole day.
Rosie was hard at work. She was opening a boutique. She ordered lots of clothes to sell. On opening day, there was a huge line at the door. Rosie hoped they would like her merchandise!
Paul bought a new kitchen table. He decided he needed new chairs as well. He bought four and put them around the table. They looked great! Paul took a picture to show his friends.
The cloud was grey. The man decided to bring a coat. It began to rain. The man put on the coat. The coat protected him from the rain.
Sylvie had been saving for four long years. She finally had enough to comfortably buy her dream car. At the dealership, the salesman convinced her to upgrade even more. Once Sylvie left with her new car, she realized she overspent. Luckily Sylvie got a raise the next day and could now afford it.
Gina had used her parents bedspread for a picnic. It had been outside in the back yard. It looked clean to her, so she put it back on the bed. Later her mother found grass on the bed spread. Gina was scolded for using things without asking.
Chris was in a black market in Mongolia. He saw a sweater that looked very warm and fashionable. He tried to barter with the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper said 30 dollars and wouldn't go any lower. Chris realized he was not any good at bartering.
Anna got detention in class one day. She called her mom and said she had a club meeting after school. Her mom agreed to come at 5 PM instead of at 3 PM. Anna felt guilty for lying to her mom. But she didn't want to risk getting grounded!
In 1993, our kids were playing on the grass. It was a summer night. A neighbor yelled from the porch that he saw a man lurking by. I grabbed a baseball bat and approached. It was a man who was drunk, who walked away.
Michael was working at the family banana stand. It was a small but profitable business. One day he stepped away to go on a break. When he came back, the banana stand had been burned down. That day he lost all the money in the banana stand.
Jeff spent his summer months mowing his neighbor's' lawns. It was hard work to mow each lawn for five dollars. Before he knew it, he had earned $200. One day, his friends were playing baseball. Jeff broke a neighbor's window and gave up all his savings.
Billy has a sack full of rocks. He carried them around all the time. One day he pop one in his mouth and ate it. His mom was worried he did something horrible. It was rock candy he bought at the store.
Rita had invited her boyfriend for dinner. She wanted to cook him a great meal. She cooked up a thick juicy steak. Then she presented it to him, smiling. He said the steak looked better than any steak he had ever seen!
Allie was invited by her boyfriend to his house. She told him she would be there by noon. So she got to his house and they talked for hours. Before she knew it it was 9 at night. She felt badly and decided to leave.
Anna had had a c-section for her first baby. Now she was in labor with her second. Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery, and VBAC. Anna decided to try it. She managed to deliver her second baby naturally!
Emmy was playing with her stuffed bear. Suddenly, a neighbor's dog ran up to her and grabbed her bear. The dog ran off with it. Emmy was upset and chased the dog until she could get her bear back. By the time she got it, it had been torn open.
I always put on Netflix before bed. I never get much further than the search though. There are just too many movies and tv shows to choose from. After searching for twenty minutes I just get mad and turn it off. I never actually watch Netflix before I sleep.
Barry lost his dog. He felt a hole in his heart. He went to the pet store. The dog he found was great. They are best friends now.
Carly was expecting a baby soon. She was preparing his bedroom and wanted to do something special. Suddenly she felt inspired to paint a mural. She found some pretty scenes online to replicate. Soon her son's nursery had a beautiful landscape in it.
Jim loved peanuts. He ate a jar of peanut butter. He started itching. Jim didn't know he was allergic to peanuts. Jim died.
Mary was walking through the hot desert. She was very thirsty. She remembered that a cactus has water in it. She grabbed a knife and slowly cut open a cactus. She found enough water to keep her hydrated and safe.
Lindy struggled with math. Her teacher finally recommended another student tudor her. They worked together for days before the next test. Lindy felt confident as the teacher handed out the tests. Two days later she got her test back with a perfect score!
Kelly was spending time with her friend. Her friend was on her phone the entire time. Kelly thought it was rude. Finally Kelly asked her to leave. Her friend was annoyed.
It was recess and we all had to go outside. There was a bully being mean to everyone. He started picking on me and I had enough. We eventually fought and I was able to hit him in the face. He started crying and he never bullied anyone again that I'm aware of.
I had an old car I needed gone. I decided to put the car online for sale. I got a few calls over a few weeks. Finally one day Travis called me. He offered me double the value of the car!
Anthony had caught a fish on his fishing trip. He cleaned the fish and prepared it to cook. Anthony decided to fry the fish. He hadn't cleaned the fish well enough. Anthony had to pick out bones when he was eating.
My college roommate loved Domino's Pizza. He ordered a pizza every Thursday night, without fail. One Thursday I decided to prank him good. I ordered twelve pizzas to be delivered to our dorm on his behalf. When they arrived, he happily paid for them, and even thanked me!
Kristin liked when the wind blew. It made her windchimes make beautiful music. Kristin sat outside and listened to the chimes. She drank a glass of wine and relaxed. It was a peaceful evening!
Jamie wanted to learn to play the saxophone. Her uncle had an old instrument he could have. Jamie ran right over to get the saxophone. He went home that night to practise. After a few hours he decided he did not want to play the saxophone.
Janet needed a Halloween costume. She did not have much money. She took an old bed sheet and cut holes in it. She became a scary ghost! She had so much fun in her ghost costume!
My gay friend always wants to do my makeup for me. I thought it was sweet of him to offer, so I let him. His boyfriend pulled me aside one night. He said Jason does my makeup because he thinks I'm terrible at it. He doesn't want to be embarrassed by me when he's in public.
Freda had heard some awful news She was told she was dying from cancer Freda was so heartbroken and angry Freda learned to accept her fate Freda smiled as she took her last breath and told her daughter goodbye
Eliza was sending her daughter Avery to college. It was a tough moment for Eliza. She couldn't believe how the years flew by. Eliza started shedding tears. She couldn't wait for Avery to return.
My wife and I went to couple's therapy. We hit a wall in our relationship and wanted to fix it. The therapist suggested we tell each other i love twice a day. We gave it a shot for one month. Within a month we were back in love with each other.
I wanted to analyze some data. I decided to use Excel. My friend told me that I was an idiot. He said I should use the R language to analyze my data set. I used R and I realized that it was a great language!
Joey drove with his family to the graduation ceremony. He met with all his classmates to take photos before it began. The ceremony began with a speech from the principal. He finally got to walk down the aisle to receive his diploma. After it was finished he got lunch with his family.
Cora was on the beach. She saw the tide go out. She went to examine the tide pools left behind. She was amazed at what she found. There were two starfish in the tide pool!
Buster bought a photo frame that held six photographs. Buster began filling the frames with family photos. Halfway through Buster came to a dilemma. He couldn't find any more positive photos of his family. Buster's family was particularly unphotogenic.
Andrew left his soda cans on the picnic table behind his house. When Andrew left his cans the wind blew them into the neighbor's yard. The neighbor saw the cans and became upset. Andrew was scolded by the neighbor about the cans in his yard. Andrew didn't leave the cans on the picnic table after that.
I went to my door yesterday. I saw there was a new book. It came right to me. I was pretty happy about that. I couldn't wait to read it.
Annie was excited for the cruise to Alaska. The cruise was three weeks away and she could not wait. Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise. Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers. Annie decided that she would do snowboarding and whale watching.
Stephanie was traveling in South America. She hated eating rice and beans for every meal. She couldn't wait to go home and have fast food and pizza. On her final day, she was served rice and beans one more time. She decided she could eat it just once more.
Taylor was the new kid at school. As much as she was excited to be new, she was rather nervous. Luckily the first day she made a new friend. Her name was lily. From that day forward, the two were best friends for Years.
Arnold had a small bounce house that was perfect to play in. Arnold loved to go in his bounce house and play with balls inside. One day while he was in the bounce house, all the air came out. The bounce house collapsed around Arnold. Arnold's dad came running over to blow the bounce house back up.
Gage was riding his bike. A car turned in front of him. Gage turned his bike sharply. He fell off of his bike. Gage skinned his knee.
Sylvia was lying in bed. She was trying to sleep but suddenly heard a noise. She became terrified. She woke up her boyfriend and asked him to go check on it. It turned out to be the fridge, and Sylvia calmed down.
My daughter is pregnant with her second child. She wanted to announce it on FB. She bought a big sister book. She took a photo of her first child reading it. She posted the photo on FB.
Tricia was having a wedding. She was so excited. She gave invites to all her friends. Unfortunately though her sister was not invited. When her sister found out, she cried.
My retired coworker is Italian but is nicknamed "China". We asked him how he got that nickname. One day he went swimming and dove into the water. When he came out his eyes were closed and he got the nickname. Some of us told him the nickname is offensive.
A pianist sat down at a piano. He played a song from memory. He ended the song with a single note. The note did not sound right to him. He tried some other notes out and tried the song again.
Mark and Hannah had been excited to watch a finale all week. They sat down with popcorn and watched the episode live. Unfortunately, the episode was not very good. At the end of it, they both mentioned that they weren't fans. Still, they hoped that next season would be better.
One day, Dwayne decided he was lonely and he would like a pet. Dwayne thought about what kind of pet he would like all morning. He decided he'd might like a dog, and so he went to the pet store. Once at the store, Dwayne saw a small brown puppy and fell in love. He went home that day with a new friend.
Tom was cleaning his apartment. Tom found a lizard hiding. Tom wanted the lizard out of his apartment. Tom used his shoe to guide the lizard out through the front door. Tom was happy to see the lizard go.
Mark was operating a giant wind turbine in the ocean. His safety cord got stuck on the blade spinning. Mark was thrown upward and started spinning. He looked down at the crashing waves beneath him. Mark swallowed, then cut the cord and plunged below.
Todd showed up for his third day of work at his first job. After checking in, his manager asked him to cook some fries. Todd went to the fridge, grabbed fries and threw them in the fryer. After they were frying, grease began to splatter everywhere. A small grease fire popped up, but Todd quickly put it out.
Gina hated bologna. But she was hungry and there was nothing cooked. She fried the bologna in a skillet. She ate it on a sandwich with mayonnaise. She was surprised it was actually pretty good.
David had never been to a public playground. He didn't even know how to swing! He tried but fell off and scraped his knee. His mom took him to the doctors because it looked serious. It turns out he needed 3 stitches!
Susie and her sister were having issues. They decided to go on a bonding trip. Susie and her sisters had to go through many activities. They worked. She was thankful her relationships were saved.
Bob told all his friends about the man who lived in the sky. He said the man would give them all mansions when they died. Bob's friends were all very very excited to hear this. They wanted the mansions immediately so they all killed themselves. Bob sold off their belongings and used the money to buy a nice car.
Tim's family had relatives over for easter. They all had a big meal. After Tim and all the other kids got to hunt eggs. Tim found several of them. He got several treats and other fun prices.
Ellie was on a diet. But she really wanted cake! She struggled to resist it. She managed to overcome the craving! Ellie was so proud of herself!
John, the CEO of the company, got up. He was giving a speech to the company. He stood behind the lectern and delivered his speech. It was a very powerful speech. All of the employees agreed that it was a great speech.
Beth loved her job as a librarian. She was distraught when she heard that the library was closing. She didn't think that she could find another job that she liked. A publisher offered her a job as a proof reader. Beth took the new job, and loved it.
Jake was playing video games. All of a sudden the electricity in his house went out. Jake could not connect back to the game he was playing. After a few hours, the electricity came back on. Jake lost the match because of his disconnect.
Don decided to take an afternoon nap. He didn't set an alarm. By the time he woke up it was already night. He decided to stay in bed. And just slept all the way until the next morning
Gus forgot to take his lunch to school. He was very hungry but he didn't have any money. Each of his friends gave him something from their lunch. He got half a sandwich, some grapes, some chips and a fruit snack. It was even better than the lunch he left at home.
In 2012, River talked nonstop about the Mayan apocalypse. She told everyone the world was coming to an end. When the world didn't end, she told everyone it was a couple days off. Everyone rolled their eyes at River. But she never admitted she was wrong.
Terry enjoyed fishing at the weekends. He planned a huge fishing trip with his friends for the bank holiday. When the bank holiday weekend came, he was very excited. This quickly turned to disappointment when his friends all pulled out. Terry still went on his own, but it wasn't the same.
John needed to get across the country, from Georgia to Oregon. John hated flying so he decided to drive. John rented a nice car and started the trip. John stopped at hotels each night of the trip. Several days later, John arrived safely in Oregon.
Gina was happy it was the end of the day. She grabbed her bag and headed for the door. But her friends were still at their desks. Gina didn't like it. She hoped Rita, and Mary wouldn't turn Tami against her.
I went to see an art exhibit at a local gallery last week. The show featured paintings from a local artist. His style was abstract and dark. I ended up meeting him and also talked to him about his art. I plan on taking a friend and going back to that exhibit soon.
Katheryn served eggs on a plate. The man knocked the eggs to the floor. He looked angry. Katheryn called out for her manager. The manager calmed the man down.
Anna fell asleep on the beach one afternoon. When she woke, five hours had passed! With horror, she checked her pocket mirror. She was beet-red and very very burned! Anna was lucky she had not gotten sun poisoning.
My husband surprised me with a trip to Florida! I am so happy because it is my favorite place to visit. We are flying out in a few hours. He is taking me to Disney World to see Mickey. It will be so much fun to enjoy the Florida sun!
Bill brought home a white rabbit for a new family pet. He told his kids they could feed the rabbit fresh fruit and veggies. Then Bill saw his youngest daughter crying holding the rabbit. Bill saw that the rabbit's nose and mouth were blood red. Then Bill saw his daughter had been feeding it raspberries.
Ben took his son on their first hunting trip. They were excited to try hunting for wild boars. After several hours, they finally found one boar. Ben and his son killed the boar after firing several shots. The two of them decided they would come back next week to hunt again.
I brought a lizard home from the school lab. I slipped into my brother's bed just before bedtime. My brother crawled into bed and told me to get out and hit the light. I turned out the light and waited outside his door. I heard screams like I had never heard before!
Today in class a cute boy asked me for my number. I giggled and wrote the number on a piece of paper. I told him to call me sometime, but he gave me a strange look. Turns out he was asking which math problem I was on. I guess I can't sit next to him in class anymore.
Jenna loved taking baths. Her new house had a deep bathtub. She liked to relax in it every night. She filled it up once and got ready to get in. All the water drained out and flooded the basement.
A beginning gardener, Lee planted a bed of herbs for the first time. Just when the leaves came up, rabbits made a feast of the plants. Lee tried fencing and an owl statue to repel the rabbits without luck. Not wanting to use poison, she visited a plant nursery for advice. There, she learned that planting marigolds effectively repels rabbits.
Jake had recently accepted a new job. He would be moving across the country by himself. He had been living with his roommate for the last year. He wanted to do something special for his roommate. Jake bought his roommate a brand new skateboard before he moved out.
The boy took his girlfriend on a fancy date. In an effort to impress her, he ordered squid. The menu was in French. When the squid arrived it was still alive. The night was one to remember.
Justin had recently become homeless. He was learning that it was very dangerous on the street. He decided to get a dog. He found one at a pound. From then on he felt a lot less uncomfortable.
Jennifer was watching TV when her two kids came in. The children announced that they had a show to perform. Jennifer sat patiently and watched the whole show. They made some mistakes but it was all so cute. Jennifer clapped for them and congratulated them.
Sal wanted to be in movies very badly. She was only 15, but she thought of a solution. She and her friends saved their funds and bought a camera. Together they wrote and filmed a movie script. Sal got to star in her first film at age 15 after all!
Tyler is driving with his friends to the mall. He decides to drive above the speed limit. A police officer pulls him over and gives him a ticket. Tyler's parents are so angry they take away his car keys. He wishes he had never driven to the mall.
Autumn went camping with her sister, Ella. They decided to have a picnic. Autumn gave Ella a special sandwich: A knuckle sandwich! Ella did not find this sandwich to be delicious. Ella promptly fell on the floor hard and started crying for Mommy.
Amy loved to drink coffee in the morning. One morning was particularly dark and sleepy. Amy made her coffee, then poured herself a cup. To her surprise, her coffee was clear. That was the morning Amy realized it's easy to forget to add grounds!
After it was over, it was time to set things up. His mother cleared off the desk in his room. His father came in and checked it out. He set up the tv on top of the desk. He hooked up the game machines as well.
Neil took a flight across the deserts of Saudi Arabia. His plane landed in Yemen. There, his guide met him at the airport. The two men chatted and became friends. Neil knew he'd have a wonderful time visiting Yemen!
Erika wants a new puppy for her birthday. Her mother thinks it's a great idea. Her father does not. The parents discuss it behind closed doors. They decide Erika can have a puppy if she cares for it herself.
We got bored playing outside one summer. We tipped my dad's old metal boat onto the ground. We filled it with water to play in. After we got sick of that, we put goldfish in it. We climbed in with the goldfish to play.
Tom really needed to finish his work early today. Being Friday, though, there was always a lot of work to do. When he arrived at work, he was introduced to a new intern. He learned that she would be working with him all day. Today he finished his work faster than ever.
The marching band had been practicing their halftime show for months. They were very excited to be performing it for everyone. Just before halftime, it began to lightly sprinkle. The band took a vote, and decided that they could still perform. They received a standing ovation from the crowd.
Jim loved to browse the internet. Jim's mom wouldn't pay for a high-speed connection. Jim's neighbor, Doug, offered to let Jim use his WiFi. Doug gave Jim his WiFi password. Jim was able to access the internet.
Gordo hates the idea of having to give a presentation. Gordo begins drinking due to stress. Gordo loses self confidence. Gordo calls in sick to avoid giving a presentation. Gordo loses his job.
Ben had entered a poetry contest and hoped he won. But the teacher awarded second place and then third and fourth. She didn't call Ben, so he sadly thought he'd lost. Then she announced first place, and she named him. She had been saving the best for last!
Several females were walking around campus. They handed free candy to everyone. Although it seemed suspicious, many people accepted the treats. However, there was a large outbreak of diseases during the next day. The females never returned to the campus.
Gina wanted a new Lisa Frank Trapper Keeper. It cost $8 more than Gina had. She decided to ask her mother to buy it. But her mom didn't want to spend any money. Gina was sad she couldn't get the new folder.
Norma worked for the government. She had to make leaflets to explain a new program to people. She thought the leaflets would be distributed locally. The leaflet contents ended up making national news. Norma made a typo and the whole country was laughing at it.
Rex has been in bed for two hours but hasn't fallen asleep. At last, he decides to get up and watch television. The repetitive chatter of the television gradually lulls Rex to sleep. When he wakes up he feels well rested. Rex is happy that he finally fell asleep.
Chris is desperate for money. So he decides to sell his phone on craigslist. He meets with the person who wants to buy it in the park. At the park when they make the exchange Chris gets hit. The other person runs off with Chris's phone.
Jen was 20 when her sister died from cancer. Jen became the guardian of her 3 year old niece. They went to live in Jen's one bedroom apartment in the city. There were a lot of tears and misunderstanding. Ultimately, Jen felt she did her best for her niece.
Alex wanted to visit his friend. He did not want to drive there. So he found someone else going that way. He met his friend at a hotel. His parents came to get him later.
Maria wanted to buy her mother something special. She looked at the necklaces in the jeweler's case. She settled on a beautiful ruby necklace. The jeweler wrapped it up for her. She couldn't wait to give it to her mother.
Kathy ran out of milk. She liked to drink her coffee with milk. Kathy bought her coffee from a shop the next morning. She stopped after work and picked up some milk. The next day, Kathy made her own coffee.
The man put on his seat belt. He hit another car. His seat belt saved him. He told everybody he met about the belt. That convinced other people wear a seat belt.
Joe wanted to quit smoking. He failed to quit many times in the past. A friend suggested to Joe to see a doctor. Joe made an appointment. The doctor prescribed a pill to help Joe stop smoking.
Television is a scary thing. They can show almost anything on it. Yesterday, there were three shows on cooking. This got me thinking I was hungry. I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving.
Jim was driving to work. He stopped at a red light. He looked in his mirror and saw a semi come barreling towards him. He pulled to the side of the road and to avoid the collision. The semi struck the car in front of him.
Joe was making an advertisement for his line of shirts. It didn't go well. It was horrible quality. Joe got a huge loan from the bank. After that he was able to make a great advertisement.
A group of us play chess at work. One night we visited the Boylston Chess Club. They play speed chess on Tuesday nights. We won a few games and lost a lot. It was a fun trip but we never went back.
A famous actress showed up at the red carpet. She made a big scene. All the paparazzi loved it. They published the story. She cried that night.
The living room was too dark. The wife said she wanted to add some windows. They hired a contractor to come in and add a wall of windows. Soon the room was full of natural sunlight. They were so happy with the change!
Mike and John ordered some food in the restaurant. It took 40 minutes to get their food. The waitress was not really nice to them. They ate their food. They did not give the waitress any tip.
I felt so sick yesterday. My stomach was cramping and I had a fever. I went to the doctor and found out I had the flu. The doctor told me to stay in bed and drink fluids. Thankfully I am feeling slightly better.
Amanda had just bought a fully sharpened butterfly knife. She wanted to practice doing tricks with it. Unfortunately, she messed up one trick and cut her finger badly. She had to go to the ER to get stitches in it. She figured that next time she would use a training knife instead.
Linda was making dinner. She noticed that her cat hadn't come in for food. She went to check on him and saw him looking lethargic. She tried to comfort him but he seemed uncomfortable. She immediately called her vet to make an appointment.
Jill had fifty candy bars to sell for her school fundraiser. She had a month to sell them. After three weeks she realized they were all gone. But she hadn't sold them, she had eaten them. She had to pay the full 100 dollars for the candy out of her savings.
Joe was surfing with his friends. Joe was riding a wild wave. He tumbled off the wave. Joe hit his head on the bottom of the ocean. His friends kept an eye on his consciousness.
Jordan was walking towards the building. By accident, he stepped on someone's new pair of shoes. The person got angry and pushed him. He also started to throw a few punches. Jordan tried to dodge them.
Kenny was a teacher at a local school. His students weren't doing as well as they should have. Kenny told his students he'd give them pizza if their grades improved. The children did much better on their next exam. Kenny treated the children to pizza.
Bob told his son to do the dishes. His son hated doing the dishes. His son shouted at him and said no. Bob grounded his son. His son decided he should do the dishes next time.
Tim and Bill were best friends. Bill was a professional gambler. Bill invited Tim to join him at the casino. Tim bet some money on blackjack. Tim won and was very happy to win money.
Rick got a new grill to start the summer. He decided to build a table to put the grill in. He went to the store and picked out his lumber. He spent days putting it all together. Soon Ricks's family was eating steaks off his new grill.
Dan recently enrolled in a public speaking class. On the first day of class, the professor wanted a introduction speech. Dan immediately despised having to give such a speech. However, Dan gave a brief introduction about himself, and sat down. Dan was glad he got his introduction speech over with.
Sandy wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner She made spaghetti sauce from scratch. She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes. They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce. It was not good but he ate it anyway.
Ken was walking on the beach. He stepped on a sharp shell. Ken cut his foot. Ken went to the doctor. The doctor treated his foot and gave him a tetanus shot.
Sam's business partner was stealing from him. The partner denied and this made Sam mad. In a fit of rage he threw a thick book at the partner's head. The partner fell to the ground and was dead. Sam collected the book and the body and threw them in a dumpster.
Miss Kaye bought a hamster as a pet for her classroom. The students got to suggest names for the hamster. Some of the names they suggested were Harry, Tom, Ellie, and Edward. The students and staff in the class voted on the name of the hamster. The class chose the name, Edward, for the hamster.
Mallory decided to join a band but had no instrument. Mallory went to guitar center. He found a nice red one that suited him well and bought it. When he got home, he began practicing immediately. Mallory grew attached to his first guitar.
The weather was hot outside. Tony was wearing short clothes. He went to a nearby creek. He swam in the nearby creek. Tony cooled himself off.
In high school I played Marion in The Music Man. The male lead was played by my ex boyfriend. One day we had to practice kissing in front of the director. My ex slipped me the tongue! I was embarrassed and slapped him in the face.
Julie began to feel nauseated after lunch. She ran to the bathroom. Once she got there she vomited in the bathroom. She waited there for a few minutes. She left the bathroom and walked to the nurse's office.
Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job. She decided to treat herself, but wasn't sure how. She chose to go shopping. She wanted new clothes anyhow. She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them.
My friend came to visit. She wanted to go out. I asked if she wanted to meet my brothers. I was in trouble that night. I didn't find out why until the next day.
My neighbor Mischa and his wife ate 80 years old. They came from Russia. Today Mischa and his wife came out of a cab. He shook my hand and smiled. He said someone in Russia told him to shake hands in the USA.
Jim and his friends had been working all day in the winter. Everyday, they would be trapped indoors with no food. One day Jim thought to bring food for his friends and him. He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat. Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked.
Claudia loved reading books. She started a mystery that was keeping her up at night! It was so suspenseful and intense. When she finished the last page, she was stunned. It had been such a great story!
Joe was going on a canoe trip. He had bought all his supplies and was so excited. On the day of the trip, it started to rain. Joe's trip was cancelled. He had to stay home and lost his trip's deposit.
It was a hot summer day. Record-breaking temperatures were forecasted. I sweated in my t-shirt and shorts. Finally, someone turned on the air conditioning. The blast of the cool air was absolutely heavenly.
Joe stopped at a traffic light. The light was green but he didn't go. The people behind him honked their horns. They were getting frustrated, but Joe didn't budge. He said that it was a beautiful day, and he was going to enjoy it.
Milton is working as a school janitor. Milton is feeling lazy today. Milton does not do  his work all day. The school becomes filthy. Milton is fired the next day.
Sandra had to babysit her cousin. Her cousin was a chore to take care of. Sandra had to get her to sleep. Or she would lose her mind. Finally her cousin fell asleep.
My truck's door stopped opening awhile ago. I didn't have any experience in fixing doors so I researched it. I found out what to do but was very nervous when doing it. Eventually I just bit the bullet and started working on it. After a few days of work and fixing different things I got it working!
Finally closing day was here on their dream house. There were so many inspections and bank questions to get to this date. The three sellers had arranged for signed paperwork to arrive in time. It seemed that signing was the only thing left to do. Sadly, a seller signed the wrong form and closing was rescheduled.
I wanted to get a picture of a live antelope. Antelopes are my favorite animal. I didn't know where to find them. I decided to give up. I took a picture of my dog instead.
Bob was deciding on a college major. He was debating between engineering and computer science. He narrowed it down between those two. Both of these offered the best career prospects. He was still a freshman but knew his future would be prosperous.
We woke up feeling refreshed. Together we could face any animosities. We began making a list of things we needed to do. We went over them and set up a real plan of action. We called it The Plan of Hope.
I went to Japan. My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi. I told them I was too scared of raw fish. They insisted I try sushi. I decided to try some and I loved it.
My wife is a shopaholic. One day we went to the Galleria Mall in Cambridge. I saw there was a boat that toured Charles River. I took my son on the boat. We had a nice ride while my wife shopped.
I put a small plastic spider in my brother's tea as a prank. The following day, he put the spider in my underwear drawer. I decided I needed really serious revenge. I put the plastic spider just inside the shower before he got in. To my horror, he screamed and slipped, breaking his collarbone!
My former coworker used to be a coke addict. She went to NA and quit for several years. A year ago she started asking me for loans of money. I loaned her money, until I found out she was back on coke. I stopped loaning money and urged her to get help.
Suzy was having some tooth pain. She ate food that was too cold. So she decided to put gel on it. It took awhile. But after an hour she felt much better.
Charles stopped to talk to democrat party recruiters on campus. He didn't think talking with them would hurt anything. But the party called him at least three times a day. They called him in class and at work asking for commitments. Charles called them demagogues and said stop calling.
Andrew really wanted to go surfing. He couldn't wait to get out of school. The school bell rung. He ran quickly to the beach. He had the time of his life.
The cheerleaders had been wearing their uniforms to school every year. This year they were outlawed. Cheer uniforms were no longer in compliance with the dress code. The only time they could be worn was for pep rallies. Cheerleaders had to wear a tshirt with jeans for game days.
Gabe had a baseball game. He had forgotten to bring his glove. Gabe's coach had an extra glove. He offered the glove to Gabe. Gabe used the glove for the game.
Ty needed some extra cash. Winter had just started, so he had a good idea. He told his neighbors he would shovel for them. He got five customers and shoveled their driveways. When winter ended he had saved over five hundred dollars!
Valerie was going through a bad time. Her friend and mother died. Valerie started cutting herself. She started getting antidepressants but it did not work. She ended up getting over it.
Father and son went on a trip to the local orchard. They walked the peach orchard and tried some peaches. Then they walked the apple orchard and tried some apples too. They went inside the orchard store and bought some pies for later. They had a really great day and couldn't wait to go back again!
The dogs lined up and were eager to go. They were going to be in a race! When the whistle blew, they all ran towards the finish line. The Golden Retriever was the winner! The dogs were all panting and tired.
Jeff invited his friends over to play board games on Saturday night. They arrived at his house early that evening. The six of them sat around a big table. They took turns deciding which game to play. They spent six hours playing different board games.
James had a dirty house. He cleaned it but it was still filthy. He decided new carpet would help. Once they installed it, the house looked great! James was proud of his new, clean look.
Davidson was moving toward the hoop. As soon as he went for lay-up, his ankle bent. He rushed on the floor to break the fall. A group of medics had to escort him to the locker room. He was diagnosed with a broken ankle.
Everyday, Dan would brave icy roads on his way to work. Once a red truck sped up and got right behind him. The truck was driving foolishly on the icy roads. The truck angrily honked its horn as it passed and sped away. Two miles later, And saw the truck stopped by the highway patrol.
Syd wanted to learn how to sing. He moved into an apartment because it was all he could afford. His singing practice irritated the neighbors and they called the cops. Syd was sad but he gave up his dream to sing. He worked a soulless job until he died, unmentioned and forgot.
Tom wanted to learn to play the guitar to impress girls. Tom decided to take guitar lessons from his local musical teacher. Tom practiced day and night to improve his guitar playing skills. Tom became proficient at playing the guitar. Tom joined a banned and played guitar professionally.
Trey stayed home on his day off of work. He ordered pizza for lunch. After the pizza arrived, he ate and watched TV. His favorite show was on! Trey was very happy with his decision to stay home.
Gary was working near the some railroad tracks. He saw a train coming and decided to stand back while it passed. He noticed his co-workers still near the tracks. He screamed in their direction and they finally turned around. Gary watched as his co-workers barely escaped the passing train.
During World War II the highway near my grandma's farm was empty. My grandma and her sister would get their roller skates out every day. They roller skated up and down the empty highway. Then they would eat sandwiches for lunch under a big oak tree. After lunch they would rollerskate some more.
Sarah was washing her dishes. But she tried to scrub one glass cup too hard. It slipped out of her hands and landed on the ground. And glass shattered across the floor. Sarah was extra careful the next time she washed dishes.
The mayor of a small town had planned a parade for spring. As it drew near, the weather forecast predicted rain for that day. The mayor grew more apprehensive as each day passed. She eventually reorganized the plans to take place at an indoor venue. Ultimately the forecast was wrong and the parade proceeded as planned.
Today I went to pick up my son from daycare during a blizzard. My drive there was very interesting and a little scary. The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on. I was late picking up my son. I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late.
Warren decides to make a pot of spaghetti for dinner one night. Once the spaghetti is cooked he begins to drain the boiling water. Unfortunately, he spills some of the hot water on his hand. He puts ice on his hand until it feels better. Now Warren wishes he had just ordered pizza for dinner.
After last year's bad basketball season I was upset. I made sure that I would invest in some real shoes. Even though I was on a $200 budget. I was still unable to find comfort and style. So I had to settle for some Jumpmans to win.
Sam is playing with her friends in her room. They decide to play hide and seek. Sam goes and runs to hide. While running she trips and falls down the stairs. Her friends all go and check on her and she turns out to be okay.
Ivy had a terrible backache. She went out back and climbed into her family's hot tub. At first the water felt painfully hot! But soon it began to soothe her aching back. Ivy was so glad for the relief the hot tub gave her.
Gina was at a highway gas station with her family. She needed to use the restroom. As she rounded the corner she saw a line for the ladies room. She was sleepy and really didn't want to wait. She rolled her eyes, and got in the line to wait.
Tina had a birthday party. She invited all her friends. She sat waiting there. No one showed up. Tina felt disrespected.
Ida hated cats. Then her sister begged her to take in a foster cat. Ida grudgingly agreed. Soon she realized she loved the little fur ball! Ida had fallen in love with cats!
Gina decided to keep a loose dog that followed her home. She would ask her father if she could keep the dog. She told the dog to wait outside since her mom disliked dogs. And she could see her mother was standing in the kitchen. But the little dog followed her right into the house.
Tom wanted something new to read. His friend suggested a sci fi novel. Tom was unsure about it at first. He fell in love with it almost immediately. Tom was excited to know there were several more books in the series.
I work for a transit authority. One day a man came in demanding to speak to a manager. I went to talk to him, but he said he would talk outdoors. He wanted us to stop using artificial lighting in our subway cars. I said I would talk to the General Manager, and he left.
Jane had a very cluttered desk. Her boyfriend wanted to help her with it. He tried to organize it for her. Jane freaked out when she saw it. She felt she couldn't find anything anymore.
Tom was driving when he saw a car crash. It was pretty bad. Tom decided to pull over. He called for help and then ran to help. He was able to comfort people as paramedics arrived.
Todd and his family lived on the beach. They were under a tropical depression. As the storm grew stronger, they decided to evacuate. The storm turned into a hurricane. Luckily Rob's family left as their house was destroyed.
Gina had no idea where her house key was. She didn't want to tell her mom she lost it. She thought it would be easier to have a spare made secretly. But she would have to get the original from her mom's key chain. Gina had to devise a plan to get the key without her mom knowing.
Kate and Adam were friends all through high school. After graduating, they decided were attending the same local college. They got an apartment together, but everyone warned them against it! People said they would fight constantly and they would be unhappy. But Adam and Kate didn't experience that- they loved living together!
Tom was fascinated with linguists. He decided that speaking three languages constitutes a linguist. Tom already spoke English and Spanish. Tom dedicated himself to learning the Chinese language. Tom eventually learned to speak fluent Chinese.
Eric knew his mom and dad would soon divorce. He carried a lot of guilt as if he was the reason for the split. Both parents assured Eric that he wasn't the reason. Eric's guilt forced him to see a therapist. The therapist helped Eric through his parent's divorce.
I love watching movies a lot in the theatre. However, I get tired of people screaming or talking. I usually tell everyone to be quiet. I try to not let other people ruin the experience for me. I wish people in the theatre weren't so rude.
Bill was looking at art pieces online. He found a beautiful abstract painting. And he stared at it for several minutes. Later, he tried to learn more about the piece. But he felt sad when he realized most other people didn't like it.
Amy worked as a gift wrapper at Macy's. She had only been trained for an hour. Amy was nervous when her first customer arrived. She wrapped his package carefully because she was afraid to mess up. It wasn't perfect, but  the customer didn't know the difference.
My class and I went for a field trip. We were visiting a firehouse. We met firefighters and saw fire trucks. We learned a lot and went back to our bus. I went home, and felt happy.
Jamie wanted to decorate her house. She pulled out all her Christmas decorations. She displayed them all nicely. Her house looked so festive! She was eager to host Christmas dinner in her decorated home.
A woman wanted a cat to keep her company. Her coworker told her to come to her house. A momma cat had given birth to kittens. The woman picked up the black manx kitten. The two have been inseparable since.
Shari joked around too much. She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics. Shari wanted to be more considerate. She decided to be more serious. Shari's friends appreciated this.
Cami's mom married Ani's dad, and the two girls became stepsisters. Cami, 12, had grown up in a low-income single-parent household. But Ani, 7, was wealthy and spoiled, so she was very bratty. At first she hated Cami and was always mean to her! But then, finally, the two girls began to become friends.
Joshua was hungry. He went to the grocery store for his dinner. He couldn't find anything he wanted. Joshua gave up on grocery shopping. He stopped at a fast food restaurant for dinner instead.
Tom wanted to drive his motorcycle. Tom had not started his bike in over a month. Tom went to start his motorcycle. It would not start. Tom cried about it.
For our 25th wedding anniversary I took my wife on a 2nd honeymoon. We went back to Niagara Falls by train. We stayed on the Canadian side. This is what we did when we first got married. We had a great time.
In 1987 we lived in a condo with a swimming pool. It had an iron fence. One day my cousin's 2 year old got his head stuck in the fence. She had to put oil on his head. Luckily she was able to pull him through.
Marco wants to find a way to stay cool. He decides to go swimming at a nearby pond. Marco spends the entire afternoon swimming at the pond. After swimming he goes back home. Marco is glad he found a way to stay cool.
Nick was at the club and drank a bit too much. A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared, someone was dead. Nick told the judge he was being framed. The judge didn't find Nick's argument compelling. Nick is now in prison and doesn't get to drink at all.
Amy's flight was at 5AM. She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM. She was anxious and she tossed and turned for hours. When it seemed as if she had just fallen off to sleep the alarm rang. Amy sat up unable to believe it was already time to leave.
I had some guinea pigs growing up. My stepdad took one of them. He had it by the neck. It was squealing. He said its mother picked it up like that.
The family gathered at the house. Everyone pitched in with fixing the food. They all sat at the same table. Everyone ate together. After eating everyone helped clean.
I got a new kitten. The kitten was bad. It ate my shoes. I then trained it to be good. It was a good kitten from then on.
Manny struggled with his headaches. He had headaches almost everyday. He finally went to the doctor. The doctor told him he had migraines and needed medication. The medication now helps Manny cope with the headaches.
Tom was dating a girl. His best friend seemed to like her too. One day Tom found them together. He was upset with both. It ruined the friendship and relationship.
Doris loved playing bingo at her retirement home. Her favorite bingo number was I-29. When it was called she laughed every time. She said I wish I was 29! Her friends wished they were 29 also.
Mia was very nervous about her upcoming job interview. She practiced talking to her mirror every night the week beforehand. When she got to the actual interview, she was still rather shaky. However, the interviewer asked every question she had rehearsed! Mia gained confidence as it went on and landed the job!
John went out to the Ritz bar with his friends. John saw an handsome guy sitting alone at the bar. John friends dared him to get the guys number. John approached the guy and bought him a drink from the bartender. John became sad because the guy ignored him the whole night.
Bart was a farmer in North Dakota. He was tired of rural life and wanted to move to New York. He sold his farm and packed his bags. He drove cross country until he arrived in New York. He settled down in New York City and lived a happy urban life.
We went to the arcade today. I got to play a bunch of games I never played before. Some of the people were really good. After a few times playing, I was playing as good as them. By the time we left I was the best player there.
Everybody thought Bob was too dumb to be an astronomer. He loved the stars very much. He put a lot of effort into his physics classes. He eventually graduated with a physics degree. Now he works at NASA.
Keith met a girl on an online dating website. They agreed to meet up for a movie date. Keith went to the theater to meet his date. He waited for an hour but no one showed. Keith was embarrassed that he was stood up.
Tim was a millionaire. He had acquired his wealth through real estate investments. He lived very frugally off of his money. When he died, he donated 90% of his wealth to charity. His community hailed him as an inspiration to all.
The large piece of plastic was bright red in color. It hung in sharp contrast to its surroundings on the wall. She stared at it, almost fearfully. She didn't know what its purpose was. It was clearly supposed to be a frightening work of art.
Gina's teen brother was drunk. He could barely stand on his own two feet. Their dad took him to his room and put him on the bed. Their parents had a long talk about how to handle it. Gina could tell from what she overheard they had no idea what to do.
Yesterday, I decided to go with my friends to the gym. My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock. I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets. I wasn't paying attention to my phone as it fell out of my pocket. After my workout, I realized that my cell phone screen cracked.
Michael went on a trip to New York. He wanted to go to the casino there. He saw a whole bunch of lights. Michael had a blast. He ended up wasting all his money at the casino.
Tim had soccer practice after school. He asked his dad to pick him up. After practice was over Tim waited for his dad. He never showed up. Tim was disappointed yet again by his father.
Carl wanted to give back to the community. He had time off on the weekends. He decided to volunteer at a soup kitchen. It was hard work and long hours. But afterward he felt accomplished and proud.
Orion caught the rebound. He tried to run to the other side of the block. Kenny was mad and ran towards him. When Orion tried to make a lay-up, Kenny blocked it. The ball landed out of bounds.
My Mom never ate cornbread as a child. My Dad is from the South. He grew up eating cornbread. My Mom finally learned to make cornbread for my Dad. That made him very happy!
Tom bought a vacuum. It broke down within a week. Tom didn't have his receipt. They were able to look him up with his credit card. Tom got to exchange it for another one.
It was winter and Tom was out of shape. He wanted to get in better shape for summer. He started working out and eating better. By the time it got warm Tom looked much better. He got several compliments.
Parker received an email from the teacher. He found out that he had to purchase new lab equipment. Parker had no money in his accounts. Therefore, he used his credit card to pay for the equipment. His card experienced an overdraft.
Jim played youth soccer. Jim challenged everyone to a game, but only Jane accepted. Jane played against Jim and beat him by 3 goals. Jane rubbed it into Jim's face for the remainder of the day. Jim didn't show up to any more youth soccer sessions.
On Thursday I heard a loud knock on the door. It was my neighbor Donna. Donna made cupcakes and gave me some. I took a photo and sent it to my wife at work. We gladly ate the cupcakes for dessert that night.
Joe was a stockbroker. Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks. Joe wasn't good at his job. He squandered Ian's money. Poor Ian had to sell his house.
Cox is afraid of the doctor because he gives him shots. Cox always cried and he didn't like the pain. One day, he was forced to go. Cox knew he had to go to feel better. The doctor relieved him of the pain and now Cox is happy.
Carlos has spent the whole day at home. He decides he should leave the house. Carlos visits a local bakery. He eats a delicious slice of pie there. Carlos is glad he left his home.
Shannon was a very good student. She particularly in her favorite subject of Italian. She dreamed of traveling there, but couldn't afford it. Her grades were so good, she earned a scholarship to study abroad. Her dream of seeing Italy came true!
Bethy had never been to a funeral. But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend. Bethy was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people. On the day of the funeral, Bethy heard everyone share happy memories. Later she felt sad but also happy to share so much love for her aunt.
Tim woke up after a party. He had his beer next to him. He decided to take a swig. It was disgusting and he spat it out. Someone had dropped a cigarette but in the bottle.
Mary needed money for holiday shopping. Mary ended up taking a second job as a waitress. Mary made enough money for her holiday shopping. Mary went to the mall and bought all the presents she wanted. Mary quit her job after shopping.
Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author. People began to ask for him to appear in interviews. Mike began to speak about himself publicly. After only weeks of his success, tabloids began to lie about him. Mike became paranoid and more reclusive after the bad experience.
I have to make dessert for thanksgiving. I searched for recipes for pecan pie. I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients. I made a beautiful pecan pie. My family and I enjoyed the pie for dessert.
Tom is an indoors type person. So his friend Jacob decides he needs to get out more. He takes Tom out to hunt with him. Tom enjoys hunting so much he even shoots a few deer. Tom loved his time outdoors.
Tim wanted to lose weight. He tried different tricks. He also tried stuff he heard about on television. Nothing really worked. Tim figured he wasn't able to lose weight.
While walking my dog on a deserted trail one day, I heard a noise. I turned towards the noise, seeing a person in the woods. This alarmed me, since there were no other cars at the trail that day. I was frightened, wondering if it might be a homeless person. A voice in the woods called out, asking if I had any toilet paper?
Jane was a writer for her high school paper. She was looking into mysterious rumors of strange things that happen. There was one particular rumor about ghosts in the school at night. Jane went to school at night to find the ghosts. It turns out there were no ghosts it was just the night janitors.
Sandra had a big math test on Tuesday. She needed a grade of at least a B to pass the class. Sandra got tutoring help from Ben and studied every night to prepare. On the day of the test, Sandra was nervous. Her hard work paid off and she got a B+ on the test.
Tim was out for a run. He saw some clouds in the sky but didn't think much about them. Suddenly it started to rain. He tried to run faster but it didn't help. Tim was soaked by the time he got home.
Tom's son wanted to watch a real car race. So Tom and his son went to a famous race course to watch one. It was a 200 lap race. And Tom's son quickly got bored. He felt was embarrassed for wanting to watch the race.
I was going home when i decided to take a bus. I was alone so a woman asked me if she could sit with me. Then i let her sit beside me. When i woke up the woman was gone. My bag was opened so i checked my phone and it was gone too.
Jill had always wanted to get a tattoo. She just didn't know what she wanted. She would look books and magazines for hours and hours. One day she finally found the perfect design. It was a big dragon with bright red eyes.
A woman accidentally left a candle burning in her house. She left the house for the day, and the candle was tipped over. The house caught fire. Luckily, because she was not at home, the woman was not hurt. Still, she's very sad to have lost her home.
Tammy had an intense fear of mice. When she bought a house, she wanted to keep the mice away. She bought a cat to keep the mice at bay. One day the cat killed a mouse and put it on Tammy's pillow. Tammy got rid of her cat and bought some mouse traps.
Kate and her Friend Lucy went to Taco Bell after school. There was a new guy working on the register. When he handed Kate her change he smiled at her. She felt flushed, and nervous as he smiled. She new knew she really liked this guy.
Henderson has wanted to stop by the donut shop near his home all week. However, he hasn't had time after work. On Sunday morning, he leaps out of bed to get a donut. Henderson decides to buy a chocolate glazed donut. Driving home, he is happy he finally stopped by the shop.
Tay acted up in school. His principal called his mom. His mom went in for a conference with the principal. When she got home, she grounded Tay for acting up. Tay wished he had not been so impulsive.
Dana didn't like coffee. Her boyfriend made her a special cup with milk and sugar. She finally tried it, and found she loved it. Now she drinks coffee that way every single day. She's glad she was open to try something new.
There was a stray dog in the city. He wandered from place to place. A women came up to the dog and fed it food. She bonded with the dog. She took the dog home and kept him.
My friends invited me rollerblading. I said okay. When I got there I started tripping and falling. It was hard to balance. Finally I got the hang of it.
He groaned as he searched his desk for the little stupid card. It wasn't where he remembered leaving it. He couldn't find it anywhere. Then he remembered one last place to look. The card was there and his search was over.
I set up my coffee pot for coffee in the morning. When I got up, there was coffee all over the counter. I guess I had put the filter in wrong. I had my mom show me the right way. Now, I make coffee everyday without a mess.
Jake offered to buy his friend lunch. As long as Jake chose where. Jake made sure to have a buy one get one free coupon. He used it and earned points for himself. His friend appreciated the free food.
Ted worked in a warehouse. Ted outperformed every one of his coworkers. His coworkers did not like that he made them look bad. His coworkers told lies to their boss about Ted. Ted was fired the next day.
James has only a plastic shell to sell. He learned about good packaging in Marketing 101. He's had stickers printed with many alarming colors. They warn to never open his device. James is making lots and lots of money with his skills.
I hadn't seen my father in more than thirty years. I obtained his phone number from a 411 operator. I called him and left a message. He called me back and arranged a meeting. We ate at Denny's and laughed at the good-old-days.
We recently had a pool installed. We left for a vacation. My friend watched the house for us. He had a pool party. We got home to a mess.
My wife had to go to an unemployment counseling session. It was a condition for collecting unemployment insurance. She went to the session and heard several presentations. A person interrupted the presentation and said this was all baloney. She left, and the session leader said her benefits would be revoked.
As far back Charlie could remember Ronnie was known as the fighter. Ronnie would reminisce on his fighting days and brag about his win's. Everybody grew up afraid of Ronnie. No one could remember ever actually seeing him fight though. Charlie called him out, he laughed it off admitting he was all talk.
Tim's bike was stolen. Tim thought Jay did it. Jay was riding a bike like Tim's. Tim pushed Jay off of the bike. Tim apologized when he saw it was not his bike.
Lori's car had nearly 300,000 miles on it when a piston broke. She had taken excellent care of the car all these years. Lori spent time shopping for a good used car to replace the old one. She eventually decided to have a used engine installed instead. Lori continues to drive her old car and feels proud of it.
Allie had been with Fred for three years. She loved him. She thought they would get married. But one day she saw him kissing another girl. Allie was so upset that she dumped him.
At the show I noticed I was the only guy in the crowd. A few women gave me dirty looks. I just smiled and kept dancing and singing along. At one point I screamed out a song suggestion. A lot of people looked at me then.
Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles. She wanted to get away from her old life. So Stassi moved away to New York with her new boyfriend. Unfortunately Stassi's boyfriend dumped her. So Stassi begrudgingly moved back to California to her former friends.
Sam went for a jog one evening. He wasn't used to exercise, so he got tired quite quickly. At first, he wasn't even able to run a block without stopping. Only 2 months later, Sam is preparing to run a marathon. His health has benefited from staying motivated each day.
Rob was the head manager at 711. He was also a homosexual. He tried to make the moves on Justin. Justin didn't like the advances. Rob got mad and fired Justin.
I was watching television. Everything was so hard to see. I had to squint to see everything. All of the squinting gave me a headache. After going to the doctor, it turns out I need glasses.
Jamal was fifteen and did not have a driver's license. But he wanted to drive a car and impress his friends. While his parents were away, he drove the family car. But he got a flat tire. He smashed a bottle by the tire so his dad would think he did it.
My friend got arrested. He told me that he was speeding on the highway. When the cop pulled him over, he complained too much. He insulted the cop, and the cop arrested him. Now he knows not to do that anymore.
Jeremy brought his boombox to school. Everyone was very confused. He started playing it very loud. Teachers got angry and got security. They gave him suspension.
John blew into a rage and pummeled Victor to death. When the rage left him he was left with a dead body. He felt so much remorse, he called the police himself. He pleaded guilty at his trial. And he accepted his sentence with a heavy heart.
The boys were pumped. They were finally going to go see the band in concert. It had been advertised for a while and the day was finally here. They loaded up in the car and took off to the venue. The band played all night and they loved every minute of it.
Samson was a strong boy. He thought his strength came from pie. So one day he ate a pie. And tried to lift a car. He couldn't lift the car.
Marcus wanted to give his Mom a great birthday gift. He just couldn't figure out what to give her. He called his sister for suggestions. His sister overheard their mom gawking over a vacation spot. Marcus decided to get that for his mom and she was thrilled.
Tammy and her family wanted to take a vacation this year. They looked around and decided to go to the mountains. It was very nice there and everyone enjoyed it. They had a great time at the cabin. The end of their trip came and they were all so glad to have come.
I was on my way out the door. I had my work bag and phone in my hand. I closed the front door and locked the bottom lock. I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys. I had locked myself out.
Ray was in a minor car accident. He hit someone's passenger door. Luckily, no one was in the passenger seat! The two drivers got out to exchange info. Then Ray drove home, glad he hadn't injured anyone.
Tim dropped his old cell phone. The screen cracked on it. He finally decided to get a new one. He looked online for the best deal. Once he found it he bought it.
Jane was dusting her house. She started sneezing. The more she dusted the more she sneezed. Jane figured she was allergic to the dust. She decided to vacuum instead.
Suzy went for a walk. As she was walking she ran into her neighbor Tom. Tom told Suzy that there had been a fire one street over. Suzy went to see that everything was okay. She was relieved that it was in a garbage can and nothing was damaged.
Ida arrived at school one morning. Then she realized she'd forgotten to brush her teeth! She tried to cover her mouth with her hand all day. She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home. Ida vowed never to forget to brush again!
The boy swatted a fly. The fly fell to the ground. The boy's cat investigated the fly. The fly was still alive. The cat ate the fly.
Cody had been interviewed by a reporter on the street. The reporter had been working with a local news station. Cody was sure that he would be shown on the news. He watched the news for two days, but he was never shown. Cody's segment had been edited and he was cut.
Reginald was a colonel in the British Indian army. Once India declared its freedom, Reginald returned to England. He had no family there, and was very lonely. Reginald returned to India. He married a woman named Priyanka and became a farmer.
Milton loved his white shoes. He wore them everyday to school. One day his shoes were stolen from his locker during swimming. His friends chipped in and bought him a new pair. He is grateful for his friends.
Mary is a theater major at a university. She has tried very hard to be the best she can be at school. She just auditioned and got the lead role in a play at the school. She hopes that this play will get her name out there. She's hopeful because she has racked up a lot of student loans.
Lucy had never been on train before. The train would take them up and down the mountains. She was so excited and happy to be taking this trip. The scenery was beautiful as the old train chugged up the mountains. It was a wonderful day that she would never forget.
Kathy had learned some new hair tricks. She read that coconut oil was great for hair. She tried it but something went wrong. Her hair came out horribly greasy. It turned out that she had used way too much oil
Steve didn't get very much exercise. Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted. His friends suggested that he started exercising. Steve began visiting the gym every day. Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained.
None of the knives were sharp enough. The ice cream cake was frozen solid. She found her old wedding spatula. She was able to get the pieces off with it. She washed it carefully afterwards.
Klaus went to the beach on vacation. As he was sunbathing, he noticed something in the water. He went to investigate. Suddenly, Klaus felt a sharp pain in his foot. He had stepped on a jellyfish.
Lana was having a baby shower. She invited her mom, hoping she would attend. Her mom said that she would be working that weekend. Instead, her mom drove a friend's daughter to a college interview. Lana found out on Facebook, and was heartbroken.
The man had to pee. He went on a tree. A cop passed by the man. He saw him going to the bathroom. He gave the man a ticket.
Rebecca practiced gymnastics every day to get her dad's attention. Her dad almost never came to her meets, which made her feel bad. When he came to watch her compete at State Finals, she was thrilled. During her event, she fell off the uneven bars, breaking her wrist. He told her he was proud of her as he drove her to the hospital.
Don and his son James rented a cabin in the woods for their vacation. They arrived at the cabin late at night and crawled into bed. James started to scream that he saw a hand through the window! Don went outside to investigate the mysterious hand. There was nothing outside of the window but branches.
There's a very quiet girl who goes to my school. She never talks to anyone, so I decided to strike up a conversation. A hot guy walked into the cafeteria and I mentioned how cute he is. She gave me a very cold stare. Turns out, he's her boyfriend.
Josh was nervous about his wedding. They decided to write their own vows. Josh was unsure if his wife would like his. When he got through it his wife told him she loved it. It made Josh incredibly happy.
Lorraine wanted to be helpful to her mama. She looked around for something that needed to be done. Lorraine noticed that there was trash under her mama's desk. She crawled under the desk easily to pick up the trash. Her mama thanked her for being so helpful after she was finished.
Eric loved ice cream. He ate ice cream more than once a day everyday. Eric ate way too much ice cream growing up. He eventually got fat off of the ice cream. Now he is trying very hard to burn off the fat.
Brad dried off his washed car. He noticed a spot he had missed. He tried scrubbing it off. He found out that it was a scratch. He took his car to have the scratch painted.
Stanley decides he wants to have something to drink. He orders a lemonade to drink. It is cool and refreshing. When he finishes it he goes home. Stanley is glad that he had something to drink.
Three best friends think it will be great when they move in together. They are soon interrupting each other's dates. So they set up a schedule. Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights. This solves their privacy issues.
The museum had a skeleton on display. It was very old. School kids liked to say it was haunted. The museum workers would play tricks on them at Halloween. Last year, they made the skeleton jump out at the kids.
Tom was working all day. He didn't have time to get lunch. His girlfriend knew about it. She took Tom lunch at work. He was really appreciative.
Eric was a very hard worker. He worked in an auto factory. He had recently been named manager of the department. On the first day of his new job, he made a huge mistake. His boss said he would only have one more chance to prove his ability.
Kate had saved to buy an expensive new leather jacket. She returned to the store to buy it. She couldn't find it on the rack. And there were none in the back according to the sales girl. Kate was thoroughly heartbroken.
Sarah woke up one morning excited for Easter. She slowly came downstairs excited for baskets and toys. To her great surprise she began to hear chirping. Her parents had bought a litter of baby chicks for the family. Sarah loved them and named all of them.
When I got home from work tonight I made a mug of tea. I then sat down at my computer to do some research. One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about my tea. I only remembered when I knocked the mug over and ruined my keyboard. Now I put my tea on the table next to the computer.
Tom loved the half life games. He had been waiting years for a new one. It was finally announced that it would come out. Tom excitedly bought it as soon as he could. It was even better than expected.
Once, there was a very fat man. He ate too much and didn't care that he was fat. One day, his fatness clogged up his arteries. The fat man had a heart attack and died! They tried to bury him, but he was too fat for the coffin.
George decided to build a cat tree one day for his many cats. After two weeks the cat tree was still unfinished. George's wife Lucille decided to help George with the cat tree. She did some online research about cat trees. The next week their new cat tree arrived in the mail.
Sharon decided to stay on campus for the holidays. The closer to Christmas, the more miserable she became. A classmate noticed her moping around campus during the break. They talked and he insisted she join him for Christmas dinner. She ate with his family, played board games and had a great holiday.
I never sit in a chair normally. I sat down a minute ago and pulled my feet up. I balanced one foot underneath me. Then I put my knee up by my chest. I sat there resembling a monkey while I worked.
I was home alone on an evening. I didn't know what to do and felt bored. I turned on my playstation and grabbed a controller. I played video games online for a long time. Then, I turned off the playstation and went to bed.
Andy was standing outside at his bus stop one morning. He greeted Mister Tom, the driver when getting on the school bus. Mister Tom took a detour from the next stop. Andy was surprised to find himself at a convenient store. Mister Tom got Andy candy before finishing the rest of his stops.
John proposed to Sue last night. She was at a party with a bunch of their friends. He got down on one knee in front of everyone. She started to cry. It was a total surprise.
Ronald went to get his hair cut. He told the stylist he wanted just a trim. When she was done Ronald looked in the mirror. He was practically bald, she had cut his hair so short. Ronald was too shy to tell her that he was not happy.
Dessie wanted to meet a new mate. She went through many dating sites to no avail. Finally, she gave up and went to the library. Surprisingly, she met a handsome guy there and they exchanged numbers. After a few weeks, they were together in a relationship.
LaChelle thought she was a great singer. She entered the talent show at the local theater. She won a spot in the singing category. LaChelle didn't even practice performing her routine. The audience booed her off the stage before she finished her song.
Sue arrived at her new dorm with boxes from home. She watched her roommate unpack expensive matched bedding. Sue pictured the patchwork quilt and unmatched sheets in her own box. She put the box in the corner of her closet. When Sue's mom visited, the quilt she worked so hard on was gone.
John was in a department store looking for some jeans. John took a pair and began searching for the dressing rooms. John searched all over the men's department, with no luck. John asked for help and learned the rooms were in the ladies' area. John had to try on his jeans where they kept the bras and dresses!
Gary owned a pig farm. One day the fence for his pig pen was sabotaged. The pigs ran far away to Gary's dismay. Determined, Gary bought a book on sheep breeding. Pretty soon Gary was a big player in the wool business.
John and Jim were at the bar. John challenged Jim to darts. Jim agreed to the challenge. They played a game of darts. John beat Jim in the dart game.
I have been hearing this squeaking the past days at home. I can never pinpoint where it is coming from. I have been going crazy trying to figure out what it is. Finally I figured it out. It was a mouse trapped in my kitchen.
Dane heard someone breaking into his house. He got his gun and warned them. Nobody responded and Dane shot them. It turned out to be cops. Dane went to prison for a long time.
My friend had a bad day from school and couldn't stop crying. I felt bad and tried talking to her. I also took her to get some ice cream. She ended up hugging me and saying thank you. We agreed to hang out tomorrow as well.
John was driving and missed the red light. He drove straight through. A police officer saw him and pulled him over. The Police officer cage him a ticket and let him go. After that John always paid attention while driving.
Tony was throwing a big party. He invited a thousand people. They all got excited and inspired by the program. Tony was determined to make the event a success. He monitored his guests closely as they attended.
My niece's daughter B has a FB account. It is full of nice family photos. My daughter found out B has a second FB account. That account shows partying and drinking. We were a bit surprised.
I walked on campus and noticed a friend who I didn't see in a while. I tried to approach her in a friendly manner and say hi. When she saw her, she had a bad grin on her face. She remembers me however, she rushed our conversation. Afterwards, she quickly walked away.
Paul's parents told him they were going to be moving soon. Paul felt very sad about leaving his friends. His best friend told him he should try and be positive about it. Despite being sad, Paul worked hard at having a better attitude. By the time the moving day came, he was more excited than unhappy.
Horace has been working all day and he needs a break to eat. He decides to walk to a nearby shop to get some food. At the shop, Horace buys a delicious croissant. After eating the croissant, Horace feels reenergized. Now he is ready to resume working.
I love having pets. When i was in grade school, i had hamster. But they all died,so i decided to replace it with guinea pig. But they also died so i decided to replace it with a puppy. And now my dog is now more than two years old and healthy.
Ben got new shoes. Everyone at school loved his shoes. Soon, everyone began wearing them. Ben was sad that he was not unique anymore. Ben never wore the shoes again.
Juanita needs to help her students raise money for a trip to the zoo. She decides to hold a bake drive. She and her students bake cookies, brownies, and cakes. They raise enough money for a trip to the zoo. Juanita and her students have a great day at the zoo.
She knew she was fat. He always told her how unattractive she was. He didn't want to see her unless she was fully covered. She began to restrict very hard on calories. She became ill from eating only 500 calories per day.
Phil was a successful lawyer. He had money and a good career. But he was still not happy. He finally decided to get happy and quit his job. He became a painter and joined an art studio.
Ryan and his girlfriend spent almost all their time together, in love. They decided to get an apartment together to save money. She quickly became unhappy, and ended things, to Ryan's surprise. She asked him to sign her off the lease, or there'd be no hope at all. He signed, hoping to patch things up, and he never saw her again.
Sammie loves to wear his pajamas. His mom tries to stop him from wearing them to school. He hides them in his backpack. then changes at school into his PJ's. Sammie gets made fun of, but he's comfortable.
It was a very hot afternoon and I was bored. I walked along my property for a while. I stumbled on an old pond I forgot about. It was very large and clean, so I decided to swim. I felt like a kid again swimming in my old pond and was happy.
Larry had been in the hospital for three days. He had surgery and was in a coma. Doctors said he would come out of his coma soon. But, suddenly and quietly, Larry died. The doctor's didn't know how to tell his wife, she has heart trouble.
Chris loved his new laptop. His parents had just bought it for his birthday. He played a lot of new games on it and listened to music. One day Chris was going to go get some food with his laptop. He sat his laptop on the counter and it fell off shattering to pieces.
My mother-in-law was on her way over and my husband was out of town. I wanted to prepare a special meal for her. She doesn't believe I can cook. While talking on the phone, I forgot about the roast and burned it. My mother-in-law was probably right, but I wasn't going to admit it.
Cole's school had burned down in a fire last year. This year they were starting in a new building. Cole was angry because the place was very far away. Still when he saw it he fell in love. The school was so awesome he didn't mind the long commute.
John was late for work. He was driving very fast. A police officer pulled him over. The police officer gave John a ticket. John drove to work at the legal speed after that.
I play speed chess with my friend Tim every night. Last night we played eight games. Each player has only five minutes to make all his moves. Tim won the first six games and was boasting. However, he lost the last two games and was dejected.
Amy was finishing up her first day of volleyball practice. She was feeling down since the other girls were better than her. The players shook hands and agreed it was a good game. Amy knew they didn't mean it when they said it to her. She hadn't expected to be the best, but she was sad to be the worst.
Barry was sitting in his recliner. He looked up at the ceiling. Barry noticed spider webs on the ceiling. He was disgusted by the spider webs. Barry cleaned his ceiling.
Everything was ready for his anniversary. Suddenly, Jonathan realized he had forgotten flowers! Dashing out the door, he drove like a maniac to the local florist. He almost got hit by running a red light, but he made it home. When his wife arrived, he was ready with flowers, dinner, and a kiss.
Alex was sick. His stomach hurt and he was nauseated. Alex's mom brought him food to eat. Alex wasn't hungry. Alex was unable to eat when he was sick.
Kate didn't have any specialty. She was good at a lot of things but not perfect at any. For many years she tried to improve herself in one field. But despite all her efforts she never succeeded. She only became happy when she accepted her weakness.
Hailey is looking forward to her vacation and she has a lot to do to. She started doing her laundry to make sure her clothes were clean. When the clothes were done, she started to pack her suitcase. After everything was packed she went to bed early enough to get sleep. She walk up early the next day and it was time for her to travel.
My sister's dog Olga was laying on the couch. She jumped down to get a drink of water. When she came back my dog Max was laying in her place. She didn't even notice. She just lay down right on top of him!
Jill became pregnant. Jill found out she was pregnant with a precious boy. Jill was having trouble deciding on a name. After nine months Jill gave birth to her son. Jill decided to name her son Jack.
Harry and Brian decided to play Battleship. Harry is known to be the best at Battleship. Brian decided to cheat to beat Harry. Brian ended up winning the game. Now everyone thinks Brian is the best at Battleship.
Jim had never been to a fancy restaurant. They asked him if he wanted tap water or sparkling water. Jim thought that the sparkling water sounded tasty. Jim spit out the sparkling water after taking one sip. He did not like the taste of the carbonated water.
John woke up and felt terrible. He had a headache and runny nose. He took some medicine and went back to sleep. When he woke up he felt even worse. John thought to himself that he should have gotten the flu shot.
A pair of cats were sitting on a fence in the summer sun. A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats. One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light. He walked outside the shadow and sat back down again. The other cat saw this and decided to join him.
Barry wanted to bake a delicious cake for his mom's birthday. Barry did not know how to bake. Barry attended baking classes at a local shop. Barry studied hard and did what his instructors told him. Barry's mom was surprised as how good the cake he made tasted.
Peter had gotten a pet dog. His daughter started sneezing. He brought his daughter to the doctor. His daughter was allergic to the dog. Peter had to get rid of the dog.
Lizzie was stuck in a remote cabin with her parents. She wanted to spend her summer hanging out at the mall. Her parents instead took her along fishing at their cabin. The worse part about the whole thing for Lizzie was no TV. On her final night at the cabin she saw a beautiful shooting star.
Tim started to snore as he got older. It frustrated his wife. They tried different solutions. None seem to work. Eventually Tim had to take medicine to breath better.
I was walking into the store today. I felt something sticky while I was in the parking lot. I looked down and lifted up my shoe. There was sticky gum all over the sole of my shoe. I scraped the gum off onto the ground.
Lisa wanted to learn how to bake a cake. She signed up for an afternoon cooking course. The cooking instructor was a close friend to Lisa. On her first day of cooking class Lisa accidentally burned her cake. Her friend made jokes about Lisa poor cooking skills.
Chris was fascinated by foreign cultures. He wanted to learn a new language. He learned about many different languages. He decided to pick a language based on his love for the country. He decided to learn Japanese.
Lucy had a friend named Lisa next door to her grandparents. Lisa and Lucy wanted to play jump rope. They each grabbed one end of the rope. Lucy realized they only had 2 people, but they needed 3. They decided to jump together side by side with one rope.
I loved cooking fried food for my family. I cooked fried chicken and french fries. Then I read an article about how unhealthy fried foods are. I decided to bake my food from now on. It took longer but it was healthier.
Tim and Eric were putting together a jigsaw puzzle. They were able to match up the pieces. The picture they were getting didn't match the box, though. They kept going. Eventually they realized it was upside down.
Lucy needed a B grade in order to say in honors. She thought she would be fine. Then she found out she had a C. She was devastated. Now she had to go down a level.
Jean and her boyfriend were saying a long goodbye. She was leaving on a three week trip. The two were very sad to be separated for such a long time. While she was gone, Jean's boyfriend discovered notes she had left. The notes helped to keep him company while he waited for her.
Every night,when i can't sleep,i drink a cup of coffee. To others, when they drink coffee they can't sleep. But it's different with me. One night my friend offered me a coffee that i haven't tried. When i drink it, that's the only time that i'm awake the whole night.
May had burned her leg with a curling Iron. Her mother would be upset if she found out. May put the curling iron back where she found it. She put a band-aid on the burn. She spent the whole day hiding the burn from her mom.
Our children's museum has a new superhero exhibit. The kids get to make superhero capes and masks. They can fly like superman and climb obstacles. There is even a zipline. We have so much fun playing there!
Kelley felt sick. She wanted to go to the party but was not up to it. Yet, because she felt obliged, she went anyway. All of the sudden she got sick on the dance floor. Kelley was very embarrassed.
Sarah didn't know what desk to buy. She did some research online to find out what desk was the best. When she had decided which printer to buy, she went to the desk store. The worker at the store told Sarah they could not deliver her desk. She went online and bought the desk from a store that could deliver.
In 1965, Fred DeLuca borrowed $1,000 from friend Peter to start Subway They focused on making fresh sandwiches. They were a huge hit. Subway's popularity has grown ever since. They now have even more restaurants than McDonald's
Charles' car wouldn't start one morning. He arranged for a tow truck to tow the car to Charles' mechanic. The mechanic fixed the car in his spare time. He fixed the car for free because Charles didn't have any money. The tags were out of date so cops towed the car from Charles' house.
Matt needed new boots for winter. But his family was too poor to buy them for him! So Matt checked out a secondhand shop. There, he found a nice pair of boots in his size. No one could tell that his new boots weren't actually new!
Joe has always wanted to see a baseball game. One year his father buys baseball tickets for a birthday present. Joe and his father go to the baseball game. They have a terrific day together at the game. Joe is happy that he finally saw a baseball game.
Sally was nervous about going on the train for the first time. As she got on, the sounds of the engine scared her. When the train started moving, Sally looked out the window with awe. She stayed by the window for the whole ride. Now Sally loves taking train rides!
We are having a drought in our area. We have only had rain a couple times in the past two months. I have had to water our garden frequently. The garden doesn't like our chlorinated water very well. My bean plants all died due to lack of rain.
Nancy wanted a boyfriend. She was really interested in her friend bob. She talked to bob for a few days to get more familiar with him. Bob eventually asked her on a date. Nancy and Bob eventually got together as a couple.
I woke up this morning and noticed I had no groceries. Trying to change this, I got dressed real quick and got in my car. I drove straight to my local grocery store and grabbed a cart. After 30 minutes, I got everything I needed and out I went. Driving back to my house, I couldn't wait to cook up breakfast!
Barry hung a sign on his door to ward off solicitation. One night people kept knocking anyway. He ignored the knocking of almost 20 people. Finally he went to the door to see what was going on. Outside there were trick-or-treaters, because it was Halloween night.
Grandma Rose always made the pies for Thanksgiving. One year, her niece brought a store bought pie to dinner. Rose put the pie in the corner, assuming no one would eat it. At the end of the dinner, her niece's piece was half eaten! Rose vowed never to make another pie again.
Alex was laid off. Alex discovered that she needed new employment. Alex looked in the classified ads for a job. There was an opening that Alex thought she would like. After interviewing Alex was hired for the job.
Eve hurried home from work. Her husband had said he had important news. She was anxious to hear what it was. She feared it was something bad. But when she got home, her husband told her he had gotten a raise!
Sarah and Lindy were best friends. They decided to have a sleepover at Sarah's house. Lindy had never spent the night away from home so was a little nervous Sarah and her mom planned all kinds of fun activities. Lindy had so much fun she forgot to be homesick.
There was a lady who felt she needed plastic surgery all over. She saved her money and got surgery done. The surgeries caused so many problems and she had many issues. She ended up looking worse than when she started. She was humbled, and never got surgery again.
A rare bone cancer had cost Kia her leg. She was out of school for two months. When she went back, she feared she'd be mocked. But to her surprise, nobody made fun of her. In fact, everyone was very kind and friendly!
Bailey had a very hairy back. His wife thought this was unattractive. She suggested he get his back waxed. Bailey loved his wife. He loved her less after getting his back waxed.
Tom was at the supermarket with his mom. Tom started wandering off. His mom did not know where he was. They searched for each other for an hour. Tom finally found her.
I worked on the batch all night long. I was getting very tired. I made a big pot of coffee. I sat there working until the sun came up. I fell asleep soon after.
Monica knew what it meant as soon as she hard it. The blaring sound of a siren pierced the air. A tornado had been spotted. Quickly she made her way to the basement. Just in time too.
Matt enjoys watching videos online. Matt opened up YouTube to watch cat videos. Matt watched the advertisement before the video. He watched the two minute video and laughed a lot. Matt shut down his computer and went outside.
A family of 12 entered the restaurant on thanksgiving night. They sat down and expected a full thanksgiving meal. The restaurant didn't have anything of the sort. It was a chinese restaurant so no turkey or stuffing. The chef decided to make due with duck, and the meal was a hit.
Sally couldn't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around. But the first step in driving was learning to drive. Her father was the one who was going to teach her. It was a scary job, but he knew it had to be done. Soon enough Sally was a great driver and ready to take the test.
I was walking to the store. I saw an old woman getting ready to cross the street. I decided to help her. She thanked me and gave me a dollar. I realized it felt good to help other people.
Jim was very nervous about his interview. He practiced in his head what he was going to say. When he felt he was totally prepared, he went in. Jim's worrying was for nothing, as the interviewer was an old friend. He got the job, and enjoyed working with someone he liked.
Jane was out on a date. She thought the guy was nice except for one thing. He kept being rude to the wait staff and workers. It really turned Jane off. She decided not to go on a second date with him.
Jamie has neighbors that are blind with two kids. The mom asked Jamie to help buy an Easter gift for her daughter. Jamie went to the store and looked for a gift for the two year old. Jamie found a pair of toy high heel shoes that the little girl liked. The little girl was happy to have an Easter gift that she loved.
The pilot felt a shake in the plane. Sensors went off and lights flashed. He knew that there was something bad happening. He held one hand over the ejection seat button. He tried to fix it but in the end he hand to eject.
Paul likes theme park rides. Paul went to a theme park to ride rides. Paul decided to ride the largest roller coaster in the park. Paul was amazed by the ride. From that day forward, Paul only went to that theme park.
Ricky ran hurdles for his High School track team. It was his turn to run at a meet, so he lined up to begin. However, the guy next to him jumped into his lane during the race. This guy started knocking down all of Ricky's hurdles. The guy was disqualified, and the race had to restart.
Beth was eating her lunch at work outside. She was talking to her friend when a bird landed on her chair. Beth let out a little shout and the bird flew off. Her friend laughed and wanted to know why she shouted. Beth was just shocked the bird would come so close.
On my birthday I went bowling one year. I was very nervous since I've never gone before. My mom told me that I'd do fine so I tried my best. I didn't do so great but I definitely did okay. My friends then told me I did better than them!
Aubrey and her family were decorating for Christmas. She was going to hang up her stocking. Suddenly her bracelet caught in the yarn. Her stocking got a huge rip through it. Aubrey was so upset but luckily her mom was able to fix it.
A friend came to visit me. I took her to a park on the river. I told her to come back and bring her friend. She said it was because her friend was pretty. I said she could come back by herself.
Taylor liked dressing casually. She always had flip flops on her feet. No matter how fancy of a restaurant she was at, she didn't care. She'd even wear flip flops when she was working out. Taylor threw away all her dressy shoes.
Kate was craving cake. But there was none in the house. She looked through the cupboards for a cake mix. But there were no mixes in the cupboards. She decided she would make a cake from scratch.
Jake came into class one morning and saw a new kid. He decided to approach him and say hi. The kid seemed welcoming so Jake asked more about him. The kid said that his name was Tim and talked about his old home. Jake liked him and the two became close friends.
Back in the days people dug wells for water. As I was walking by i heard a noise for help. This man ladder broke. I connect a rope to the ladder to my truck. The man climbed out by connecting himself to a second rope.
My wife got a raise at her job. On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked. She stays late and goes in early and also works from home. I took her out to dinner to celebrate. I'm proud to be married to such a hard worker.
Tom was late on his payments. The bank was threatening to take their house. He tried to work out different payment options. Unfortunately he couldn't come up with it. Tom's house was taken away.
Jenny visited Korea. Since she couldn't speak Korean, she felt nervous. Many people couldn't talk to her since she doesn't know Korean. Some even ridiculed her when she didn't notice. Out of frustration, Jenny was crying in her hotel.
Jason was an experienced software developer. After working in the field for 15 years, he started a business. He started a software consulting firm with one of his co-workers. Between the two of them they had many contacts for clients. Within a year their firm was worth 1 million dollars.
Tim had been late to pay his rent several times. He was afraid that the landlords would try to evict him. Tim tried everything he could to pay on time this month. Unfortunately he didn't have enough money. Tim payed late again and was evicted shortly after.
Erin opened the box of candy the family had received for Christmas. There were little bites taken out of over half of them. She knew her little brother was behind it. He only liked caramels so he would take nibbles until he found one. Then he would put the nibbled candy back into the box.
Ken was trying to do homework. His sister turned on the television set. With all of the noise, Ken was having troubles concentrating. His sister ignored his pleas, so he had to leave. Ken found a great homework spot in his bedroom, his headphones on.
My upstairs neighbor has a degenerative brain disease. He thinks the social worker who visits is his maid. She plays along because she is kind. When the real maids came to clean his room, he panicked. He chased them out of his apartment with a broomstick.
Michael has beautiful hair. He needs money due to losing his job. Unfortunately, nobody will give Michael a job. Michael decides to cut his hair and sell it. He sells his hair to a wig maker and is able to pay his bills.
I tried to blow up several balloons. We were preparing for a birthday party. I felt like my lungs were going to explode. I finally found a pump to do the work for me. I blew up over 50 balloons that day.
Anna won her school singing contest. But her teacher had an even bigger surprise for her. He had recorded her and submitted the tape to others. Soon she was entered into the state singing championship! Anna was humbled and amazed by her luck!
The Smith family went to a buffet. The children ate three plates of food each. The Smith parents ate four plates of food each. Everyone left their plates for the waitress to clean up. They drove away happy and full.
When I was sixteen I ran away from home. I went to a town close to the one I lived in. I ended up staying with a person I didn't even know. The police found me and arrested me at a gas station. I ended up going home and finishing school.
Mary and Jason decided they wanted to adopt a pet. After some discussion, they decided to get a puppy. They went to the humane society and chose a sweet little black dog. They named their new puppy Olive. They are now a happy family of 3!
Macy finished her 2-3 report on global warming. Afterwards, she submitted the assignment to her teacher. A week later, her grade appeared in the gradebook. Macy was surprised since she received an F. The teacher said that she submitted the wrong document.
Clark's new dog was the laziest dog he'd ever seen. If someone knocked on the door, he would sleep through it. He would only get up to eat. Clark wanted to play fetch with him. But the dog just wanted to lay around and sleep.
There was a large lightning storm one night in Denmark. A group of cattle were scared by the flashes. They all fled the fields. It took the farmer several days to find all of his livestock. He never left them outside in a storm again.
The shelter workers had labeled Ziggy a poodle mix. Ziggy's new owners suspected this was wrong. They bought a DNA test on Amazon. They sent a DNA sample into the company. Several weeks later they learned Ziggy is a purebred Bichon Frise.
I had a Mao jacket in 1981. Recently I tried to buy a jacket. I could not find one on amazon or ebay. I tried my local Chinatown, to no avail. i finally found one on ebay last month.
They told her she was perfect. She began to gain too much self confidence. She grew up to use people for money and attention. She became angry when she wasn't the center of everything. She ended up alone in her old age with no friends.
Sam walked along the beach to collect beach glass. He saw a bright red piece of glass far in the distance. Sam began to walk towards it when a large wave hit the shore. The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam couldn't find. He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail.
The man who rear ended her was drunk. She got out of her car and walked up to him. He told her he thought the stop sign would turn green. She realized then he'd had too much to drink. She called an ambulance to the scene just in case.
As a joke, Roy requested an unpopular song to the radio station. At first the DJ refused. Roy called back from different phones and disguised his voice. The DJ began to think that this song was actually worth playing. After the 25th call in, the DJ played the song for Roy.
Ben was making pies for his shop. A woman walked in ordering a apple pie. Ben took the order and made the pie. The lady showed up to pick up the pie but noticed something strange. There was a rat in the pie and screamed out the door.
Eric had never been so proud. He'd worked hard for years and could finally afford his dream house. He chose every aspect of it on his own. The end result was a beautiful mansion. Eric couldn't wait to show it off!
Martin is camping. He wanders off from the campsite. He is busy bird watching. He spots a very rare bird. He captures the bird and takes it home.
While the dentist was pulling her tooth, she tried to be still. It didn't hurt, but the pressure was tough to deal with. She moaned as he grabbed her head like a vice. The assistants gave her toys to squeeze. She heard bones cracking, and nearly passed out.
Matthew has been practicing the recorder everyday. He can play Hot Cross Buns with only a few mistakes. Matthew is very proud of the progress he has made. He shows off his new skill to anyone who visits the house. The visitors tell him he sounds great even though it isn't true.
Eddie was known as a violent man. He often beat up his woman. Eddie should have known that he was wrong. He continued beating his woman, but she soon got wise. After going to jail, Eddie was not allowed to return home.
Tim was obsessed with space and rockets. His uncles bought him a rocket set. Tim loved playing with them. It sparked further interest in space and math. Tim went on to do well in both fields academically.
Amy was single. She had been watching an attractive man at the gym for weeks. One day she decided to talk to the man. She walked over and introduced herself to him. They spoke for 10 minutes before he asked her on a date.
Alex loved to lay outside on his hammock under the sun. He was sad today because his hammock broke. Alex's Mother brought a large sheet outside. Together they tied the corners of the sheet around two trees. Alex was happily able to lay outside again under the sun.
Steven grew up loving the subject of history. When he went to college, he majored in it. In the summertime he always took part in historical reenactments. He decided the perfect career for him was to be a teacher. After college he became a history professor.
Adam wrote a play. He recruited his family to act in it. Everyone rehearsed their lines diligently. When they were ready, they presented the play. Adam felt that they'd all done a great job!
Lulu was walking her dog in New York City yesterday. To her surprise however she came across a celebrity sighting. She couldn't believe her eyes. She saw Kendall Jenner. Luckily Kendall was nice and took a photo.
Drew stopped his car in front of the drive Thru window. The person on the intercom asked what he wanted to order. He ordered a chicken sandwich. When he moved towards the front window, the lady appeared. She gave him an ice cream.
It was late at night when we finally checked into the creepy motel. We were already nervous after climbing the dark staircase to our room. The room was actually an old and run down apartment full of bugs. Then we saw a block of sharp knives in the otherwise empty kitchen. We quickly decided to find another hotel at 1:00am.
Joe needed new basketball shoes. The ones he wanted were too expensive. He decided to save until he could afford them. He finally had saved enough. When Joe had enough, he was excited to buy the shoes.
Amy's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack. Amy surveyed the box. She was excited to see there was a prize inside. Until she saw the prize was a wash off tattoo. Amy felt bad her mom had such lame toys as a kid.
Hilda was getting old. Her children all lived out of town. Hilda's children couldn't take care of her anymore. Her children decided to send her into an assisted living home. Hilda thrived with other senior citizens.
The volleyball match went into overtime. The blue team was down two games. The red team served first. They managed to score a point from a block. One of the blue team members made a poor return that made them lose.
The man hired a prostitute. It was actually a cop. The cop informed the man of the sting. The man began to sob. The cop let the man off with a warning.
Lisa had just gone to the salon to get her nails done. She went home to fix supper for her family. Lisa was using a knife. Lisa cut part of a nail with a knife. She returned to the salon the next day to file the nail.
John was intensely afraid of the dark. John decided to get a really expensive but helpful night light. He plugged it in, feeling much better that night. John crawled into bed, feeling safe with the light. Just at that moment, there was a power outage.
The family always take a vacation. They usually go during spring break. Their spot is Denver. This year they decided to go to the beach. The kids loved the water and can't wait to go back.
Rebecca lived in the house behind Moe. She became upset when Moe shot fireworks from his yard. She went to Moe's house to confront him. She told Moe that she didn't want her house to burn down. Moe ignored Rebecca because he didn't like her.
Tim lit a cigarette before bed one night. He fell asleep before he finished smoking it. When he woke, he saw that it had fallen onto the rug. There, it had burned a deep hole. Tim knew he was lucky he hadn't caused a house fire.
Madi looked as beautiful as ever in her long white wedding dress. She was smiling so big at how the special day was going. She started walking down the aisle as her eyes met her mates. He smiled just as big with tears in his eyes as he took her hands. The pastor spoke over them and now they were husband and wife.
David awoke to the acrid smell of smoke. The air in his room was hazy and it was hard to breathe. He dropped to the floor and touched the door, finding it cool. He heard sirens as he crawled down the hall to his sister's room. Together, they escaped the fire and found their relieved parents.
Tom lived in a bad neighborhood. He usually took the bus from school. ONe day he had to walk home. Different areas had different gangs asking him questions. Tom kept walking and tried to ignore everyone.
A man rowed his boat into the middle of the lake. He was too far out to hear anyone on shore. He did notice that they were jumping and pointing. The man turned around. A great storm was coming his way.
Meth will mess you up. My friend did meth one time. He was messed up for three days. He did not like it. He quit and is now doing well.
Molly was on a long hiking trip through the forest. She was trying to navigate her way back to her car. Suddenly, her compass slipped and hit a rock, cracking it. She was worried that she would be lost in the woods. Luckily, she was able to track her way home with the stars.
When Taylor was in first grade she got a new teacher. She was scared of the teacher because he seemed mean. He did not say kind things to the kids and often yelled at them. Taylor was so scared that she wanted to quit school. Her mom realized this and let her change schools.
Brooke was getting married. She was dressed in her wedding gown. As she was getting ready to walk, someone spilled coffee on her. Brooke was mortified. She had to walk down the aisle with a huge coffee stain on her dress.
My niece had trouble paying her bills. She has a lazy teenaged daughter who will not work. Recently she took a weekend job, working 16 hours. She is now working 56 hours a week. She asked her daughter to get a part time job and did not get a reply.
Kurt contacted me out of the blue one day. He said he had always loved me and felt I'd gotten away. We texted off and on and talked on the phone. We made plans to visit soon. He died a few days later of an epileptic fit.
Tina was having a Christmas party. She was rather excited. But then she got a snowstorm. Her party had to be canceled. Tina had to reschedule.
Mary was hungry. She craved something sweet but there weren't any sweets at home. Mary looked through a cookbook for snickerdoodle recipes. She baked four dozen cookies to enjoy. Her sweet tooth was satisfied!
I recently lost a lot of weight. Despite this, my feet and legs remained swollen from edema. Every day, I had to put on a pair of compression socks. The socks helped bring the swelling down all day. At the end of the day, my legs weren't as swollen as they used to be.
Neal had a lifelong fear of germs He never touched a surface without feeling panic. Hand sanitizer was never far from his reach. He worked hard to hide his intense fear from the world. He was successful in hiding his phobia, and died alone and germ-free.
Maddy didn't think she was crazy when she was committed. In fact, she felt lucid and in possession of her mind. She tried to talk to her doctor but he didn't listen. She screamed but she was given more medication to keep her calm. After ten years, Maddy is still there unable to leave.
Patrick always wanted a motorcycle. One year he decided to work 4 jobs and save the money. Then he was able to find a bike 500 miles away for a great price. So he drove his truck down and bought it with cash. He now rides with a smile every single day.
Ty saw that the lottery jackpot was very high. He bought a hundred tickets. He really hoped to win! But Ty did not win the jackpot. He was angry at himself for wasting so much money.
Anthony likes hotdogs. One day he decided to eat a hotdog. He put the hotdog in a bun with ketchup. There was a hair in the hotdog. Anthony does not like hotdogs anymore.
Cheryl had just moved back to her hometown. She had lost touch with her best friend over the years. She kept putting off getting in touch with him. Finally, she googled his name to find his phone number. Instead of a phone number, she found his obituary.
Sam's friend had a wedding coming up. Sam decided to invite his new girlfriend to go. She politely turned him down. She told Sam it was too big a step too soon. Sam understood where she was coming from.
Harry couldn't decide what cheese to buy. He likes gouda. He also likes mozzarella. He decided to buy the gouda. He ate it for dinner.
Stan was visiting his dad one weekend. Stan drove him to the hospital when he fell ill. The doctors kept him overnight for tests and observation. Stan couldn't sleep because he was nervous with worry. Stan was relieved when the doctors said his dad would be okay.
Carrie had a craving for peanut butter cookies. She did not have any money to go buy some. Instead, she read how to make them from scratch. She had all the ingredients needed. Carrie made the cookies at home.
There was a kid who always wrote stories. Every time he tried to write a story, people would say it was stupid. They made him never wanted to make a story again. Until someone said that his story was not stupid. After that he wanted to keep writing stories.
Boris was taking martial arts classes. He had been training for only a few weeks. He told his instructor that he wanted to learn to use weapons. His instructor shook his head disappointingly. Boris didn't really understand the meaning behind martial arts.
Jon stood by the window and admired the rain. He wanted to go outside, so his mother got his raincoat and boots. Jon put his rain gear on and headed outside. At first, he was hesitant as he'd never played in the rain. Once he got comfortable, he was splashing and jumping all around.
Amy was at the store to purchase makeup from a commercial. The store had the brand, but they didn't have her shade. Amy asked if there were other shades that were out of stock. The lady told Amy the shades they had were the only ones. Amy was upset they didn't make a shade in her color.
Nancy wanted to cook spaghetti. She bought all the ingredients. When she got home, she started looking for the noodles. She couldn't find them. Then she realized she must have left them at the store.
I was doing an mTurk hit on images. I had to look at 200 images and make judgements. The task was simple. However, I had to wait 3 seconds for each photo to load. This made the task infuriatingly slow.
Kia entered the talent show at school. She juggled six balls without dropping any! The crowd applauded her act. They awarded her first place! Kia was thrilled!
Today is Matt's first day as a waiter. Matt got the drinks for his very first customers. Matt slipped on the floor right in front of his table. He spilled the drinks all over the table. Matt was so embarrassed.
Jill decided to meet up with Bob because she was sad. Her boyfriend broke up with her without an explanation. Bob was a little hesitant to meet up with her. He told Jill that her ex boyfriend wasn't a good person to pursue. However, he showed his support for Jill by comforting her.
Matt worked at a shop. The shop worked on big trucks. He got as much experience as he could. He saved up money. Then he opened up his own shop.
Amy wanted to finish her book. It was almost time to return it to the library. Amy decided to pretend to be sick to buy time. Her mother was skeptical of her illness. In the end her mother allowed her to stay home from school.
The teacher dismissed the class. Since it was the last day of school, everyone was excited. I tried to say goodbye to as many people as I can. I tried to approach Mary, who I had a crush with. She simply said okay when I tried to say goodbye.
Kate decided to treat her suede boots with a protector. She read the instructions and it suggested a ventilated place. She opened her windows and sprayed the boots. The fumes filled the room and made her light headed. She ran and put the boots on the back porch to air out.
Dean was having money problems. He decided to borrow money from a friend. He was not able to pay his friend back. He didn't know what to do. His friend was very mad at him.
I was told I should make my movement more real. I was at the stomach. We were lifeguard training. My instructor was pretending to be the victim. He was swimming in the water before that.
The other day the light bulb in my room went out. I went to the store to get a new bulb. The trip to the store and back took forever. When I got back to my place I realized I got the wrong size. That was really frustrating.
A little girl was walking home from school one afternoon. As the little girl headed home she heard a meow. The little girl followed the meowing to an abandoned car. The little girl discovered the source of the meowing was a kitten. The little girl adopted the kitten and they lived happily ever after.
Kio had always thought Asian girls were pretty. So in high school, he asked out a Korean girl. She agreed, and they went to see a movie. They both had a great time! Soon Kio had a beautiful Korean girlfriend.
The basketball game was tied 30-30. One of the players had been fouled and was up to shoot. He had a chance to shoot two free throws. If he made them, he would win the game for the team. He took his time and shot the ball and made both of them.
Sam needed to do community service for his class. He asked around the library for assistance. They gave him a job to meet the service requirement. Sam did his job for two weeks. They gave him a letter showing he did the service.
Teddy had a crush on a girl in his school. He decided to give her a note explaining his affections. The girl he liked read the letter and was quite revolted. Teddy felt ashamed that his crush had rejected his love. Teddy went into a deep depression for several months afterward.
I had not watched tv in years. I was just too busy with my special needs child to have time. My husband introduced me to several series when we started dating. I felt like I was catching up on lost time somehow. We watched all the shows he enjoyed in less than a year.
Alicia was writing a book. To her delight she got a publishing deal. She just needed to finish it. When it was done she looked it over. It was great
We rented a house on vacation. There was a great pool outback. My dad and I would play volleyball in the pool. He was like a little kid having so much fun. It will definitely be something I remember.
Rana created a wishlist for Christmas. A brand new, red bike was included in her wish list. Rana woke up on Christmas morning and a red bike was under the tree. Rana was very excited. Rana is eager to ride her new bike in the springtime.
The laundry supply room was always cluttered and messy. Terek would straighten it up but it would always get messed up again. Stating it as a safety hazard, he complained to his boss. His boss disregarded Terek's opinion and did nothing. A  worker fell in the supply room breaking her shoulder that same day.
I got a new job in an office. I worked on the computer all day. This caused my eyes to hurt badly. My mother bought me shades to wear while at work. Now my eyes would not hurt from the computer screen.
Nori and Nala were twin sisters. They couldn't find jobs and were unemployed. Eventually, they started dancing at a strip club. They got into a fight on the first night. The next day, they quit and went back to the drawing board.
Irene sprinted to the bus stop over the icy sidewalk. She was going to miss her bus and be late for school. The ice beneath her feet sent her skidding out of control. She bumped hard into a parked car on the side of the street. In that car was her mom who asked her if she needed a ride.
There once was a requester that wanted a story. He asked for a complete, coherent idea. One day, someone had to write one. He thought it was difficult. As a result, he never did the hit again.
I was staying in a hotel that had a pool one time. We decided it'd be really fun to go swimming. Laura and I invited a few friends over and we went to the pool. We swam and played around and even sat in the hot tub. I had a lot of fun while playing in the pool and then we slept!
One day Yolanda went to Central Park. First she ate lunch on the grass. Then she walked around a bit. Finally she went to Central Park Zoo. She had a great day.
Sara was a jealous girlfriend. One day she hacked into her boyfriend's Facebook and read his messages. She didn't find anything bad so she signed out. Later, her boyfriend found out. He was so mad that he broke up with her.
Arnold served as the repairman for food dispensers on a ship. He was not especially good at his job nor much of anything. He improperly repaired a dispenser nozzle one day. Being egotistical as well as incompetent this went unnoticed. All the crewmen got sick because of the tainted nozzle.
Julie lived alone in a very big house. She was very lonely since her husband died. Julie found a stray cat one day on a walk. She took the cat home and named it Toughie. Julie and Toughie lived a long happy life together in her big house.
Jasmine was excited about Halloween this year. She told everyone that she was going to get the most candy. Jasmine went all over the neighborhood. After 2 hours of trick or treating, she went home. Jasmine ate over 30 pieces of candy and got the worst tummy ache.
I was eating with my friends. We were about to go to someone's house. I was out of gas. And I did not know the way. They had to wait on me.
My boyfriend in high school was overbearing. He often made gifts for me. One time he took a fleece blanket and made an outline of his body. The finished product looked like he was lying on top of me. My mother was not pleased and wouldn't let me use the blanket.
Rob ran for his high school track team. He was a sprinter with very fast speed. He was practicing on the track one day. But he twisted his ankle badly. He foot grew two times the normal size that day.
Oscar wanted to learn about the planets. He went to the planetarium and saw a show. He learned a lot about the constellations and the universe. Oscar decided to get some books on the subject. The planetarium show had inspired him!
Sue took out a book from the library. She read the book as she walked back to her house. The book pulled in Sue so much he stopped paying attention to walking. Eventually she stopped walking and read while standing still. Once she finished the chapter, Sue was freed from the book's spell.
Kate met a guy in a club. They talked for a while in the back of the club. The DJ played Kate's favorite song. She wanted to dance for just this one song. They ended up spending an hour dancing together.
The family takes a trip to grandmother's house. They arrive at the house around noon time. Grandmother greets them with a smile. They talk about the good times that had with each other. The family hugs grandmother before returning home.
I met a girl named Brandy the first day of school. We got into an argument that day. We both got sent to the principal's office. While there, she and I began to talk about our likes and dislikes. We realized we had a lot in common and became best friends.
May had an interview. She became very nervous. Her friend suggested a breathing technique. May tried the breathing technique. She aced the interview.
Darius had never participated in Halloween. His father was a dentist and forbade him. Darius decided to sneak out of his house on Halloween. He dressed up as a pirate and scaled down his bedroom window. His father caught him and grounded him for two weeks.
When I was a kid, my family went on a cross country trip. We visited every single state. On the trip our RV broke down a lot. One time it was broken down for a whole day. Eventually, we got it fixed and finished off the trip.
We drove six hours to the beach. We pulled out a blanket and put it on the sand. We set up a large family umbrella. We settled in and just watched the sunset. We left the beach and looked for a restaurant.
Jamie woke up this morning feeling a little ill. She decided to make herself some chicken soup. Her mom would always make it when Jamie was getting sick. Jamie started  cutting her vegetables. Jamie realized she was out of the key ingredient, chicken.
Ed was bowling with his friends. He was a good bowler and his friends knew it. He grabbed a ball and prepped for his throw. He swung back hard and threw it towards the pins. It slammed into the gutter and everyone laughed.
Bernice thinks the news media stages photos for propaganda. She went to an anti-war protest where riot police showed up. She put her hands on one of the cop's shield. A photographer took the photo and Bernice made the newspaper. But she looked like she was a little woman holding off an army.
The man studied art. He only liked to look at it. He bought a gallery. He displayed painters that he liked. He gained a good reputation.
Phoebe walked down the busy street on her way to work. She tried to weave through the crowds of tourists on the sidewalk. A tourist bus was coming by with an open top of staring tourists. Phoebe picked up the pace and fell on some broken sidewalk. She got up, turned to the tourist bus, and curtsied.
Volleyball practice was about to start. MJ was not feeling great at all. She had been getting cramps all day. She sucked it up as she started warm ups. No one could even tell she was in pain.
Emilio wanted a new pet. He went to the local exotic pet shop. Emilio didn't want a puppy or a kitten. He found a baby alligator at the store. Emilio decided to adopt the alligator.
Linda was the lead singer in a band. She was extremely popular with the crowds. But her band-mates were jealous that she hogged the spotlight. They demanded a larger cut of the revenues. When she refused, they all walked out.
Penelope was excited to get her nails done for the first time. She picked out a pretty pink color and was excited for this. The technician massaged her hands and started putting on the polish. The two had a nice chat about their days and both had fun. Once the polish dried, Penelope was thrilled with her beautiful nails.
Linda and Jane went to the bar yesterday. Linda had broken up with her boyfriend recently. She was looking for a fun night out. Jane bought her plenty of drinks. They laughed the night away.
My mom is a great baker. One day, she decided to make a pie. She got to work putting all the ingredients together. She put it into the oven. When it was done, she accidentally dropped it on the floor.
Ariel twirled around in her smart looking dance outfit. High on the experience she tried to do a hard move. Ariel attempted to do a front aerial. She hadn't practiced it enough though. Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died.
The city park was putting on a public movie. I stopped by when the movie was starting. I set up a blanket and ate snacks while the movie played. I finished the movie and picked up my stuff. I went back to my car and drove home.
For a few years I was bullied in school by two girls. They used to be my friends, but they were mad at me. We got into a huge argument, and I called one a dirty word. She started spreading rumors about me after that. We eventually made up at a football game.
I couldn't afford to spend much money. I knew my son loved pizza. I looked for a cheap pizza he would eat. Luckily I found some pizza on sale. It was called a party pizza, and he loved it.
Lucy was very excited for Easter. She woke up really early to see if the Easter bunny arrived. She searched around the house looking for Easter candy. She found some eggs, her Easter basket, and lots of candy. Lucy was very happy.
A highly anticipated movie was coming out. Will and all his friends were very excited about it. One of his friends was lucky to see the midnight showing. Will woke up to a text, spoiling the movie for him! He didn't speak to his friend for a week.
I tried out for the football team but I was cut. I approached my coach and asked why I didn't make the team. He told me I wasn't strong enough to tackle or fast enough to run. I was mad and worked all offseason on both my speed and strength. The next year I was stronger and faster and I made the team easily.
Bo was in a rush to leave for school one morning. When he got there, he realized he'd forgotten his lunch. Bo was angry at himself! He was starving all day. He couldn't wait to get home and eat a big dinner!
My father went to Italy this late spring. When he came back he didn't want to talk about it. I asked many times, but he said he already talked to too many people. So I let it go, until I received a box full of Italian memorabilia. I called my father and then he told me more about his trip.
Frank had just gotten his driver's licence. He was driving down an icy road at night. He was going way too fast. He spun out of control and wound up in a ditch. He was much more careful on icy roads in the future.
I wanted to learn to drive one summer. I asked my dad and he said he would teach me. Every day, I would spend 15 minutes in the car. This eventually added up and I got better and better. By the end of summer, I could drive very well.
Matilda wanted to throw a party. However, she felt that her house was very messy. She pulled out her broom, and started sweeping the floor. To her surprise, the more she swept, the dirtier the floor became. She quickly learned that the broom was covered in mud.
It was Dave's first comedy stand up show. Dave was nervous. Dave went out to the stage. Dave started telling jokes. The entire crowd found him hilarious!
We watched the Superbowl on Sunday. I was rooting for Carolina, because I am not a Manning fan. The game did not go well for the Panthers. I was shocked when Cam Newton did not dive for a fumble. I turned the tv off in disgust when the game ended.
I bought an LP the other day. I do not have a record player. My son has one that can convert lps into mp3 format. He lost the adapter, though. I bought a new adapter and look forward to the conversion.
A group of guys sat on the bleachers during our class. One of the classmates stared at them with a weird face. The entire group got up and surrounded the classmate. He was beaten up. Although I should've called for help, I ran away.
Randy's son needed a serious surgery. They travelled to Texas to do it. Randy waited in a waiting room. The nurse came to tell him there were some complications. He got very scared.
Amy was in the 3rd day of her online training for work. She had been following along and was ahead of the class. The teacher asked the class for a volunteer. After no one volunteered Amy raised her flag to volunteer. To her relief she answered the teacher's question correctly.
Nancy wanted to get a new stereo. She went to the store and compared options. She decided on one but chose to compare prices. Nancy found a better price for her stereo and went to that store. She purchased her new stereo at a cheaper price and was happy!
Jim always wanted to go fishing. One day he tagged along with friends. After a couple of hours he was terribly bored. Jim wound up not catching anything. He never bothered to go fishing again.
A jet pilot fell in love with the moon. During a flight he broke course and followed it. For 17 hours he followed the moon around the world. Once he ran out of fuel he landed in a strange land. The pilot sat and waited for the moon to return.
Jordan was eating out with a few of her friends. Suddenly, one of the couples began to argue. Their voices were getting louder and louder. Jordan noticed people were staring at them. She was so embarrassed she decided to leave.
After the movie Tangled Lisa became obsessed with lanterns. Her boyfriend went to the store and saw Chinese lanterns on sale. He bought a few to surprise her. On her birthday he brought them out and told her to write her wishes. They then lit the lanterns and set them off into the sky.
Gina needed to find something to fit in the door handle slot. The handle fell out and stranded her in the room. Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot. Finally she decided to try a Barbie doll leg. It was a long shot, but she had to try everything.
Minnie loved jewelry. Her husband bought her a beautiful new ring. It had a giant ruby on it. Minnie felt so fancy when she wore it. She just loved the way jewelry sparkled!
I wanted a new pair of shoes. The shoes I wanted cost over $200. My parents told me I would have to save up. I worked all summer and finally had enough. I was able to buy my shoes with my own money.
Aya opened her windows for spring cleaning. She loved the fresh scent. Then a bird flew inside! Aya was startled! She had to shoo it out with a broom.
Johnny and Susan were riding to Atlanta with their parents. Johnny got car sick. Their parents pulled over. Johnny started vomiting. Susan made fun of him the whole rest of the way to Atlanta.
Donna's favorite CD was in her car. She was taking it out to listen to in her house. Donna dropped the CD on the ground walking into her house. She stepped on the CD and cracked it. Donna had to get a new copy of the CD.
Tina was out swimming with her friends. After a while Tina's mom came out to say something. She told her she had to come out. Tina begged for at least five more minutes. Tina eventually got her wish.
Matt grew up very scared of heights. His older brother loved to jump from trees, but Matt always hated it. Finally Matt decided to face his fear of heights. He decided to try skydiving. After Matt had tried skydiving, his fear of heights was gone!
Our daughter sent us a photo of our 2 year old granddaughter. My wife saw she was wearing a McDonald's fitbit. She recalled a news story about a recall of the toy. The Fitbits had caught fire. Our daughter said she would "lose" the item.
Flynn went for jogging on a hot day in the country. He ran under trees to stay cooler. After he finished his jogging he got home and jumped in the pool. Flynn drank a cold beer while he swam in the pool. This was the best feeling Flynn could imagine.
Liu was sitting down on the floor then began to sneeze repeatedly. She realized she was having a reaction to the dust in the room. Liu searched all over the house for the vacuum. She finally found it and vacuumed all the carpets. Once she was done, Liu found that she didn't sneeze anymore.
Ben and his friends were hanging out. One of his friends made fun of Ben and made him mad. Ben began to argue with his friend who continued name calling. Ben decided to fight him, and the two fought for a minute. Ben's other friend ran over and separated the two and they stopped.
Dan wanted to ask Kara to go with him to Prom. Dan's problem was that he felt anxious about asking her. So Dan enlisted the help of his buddies. Dan and five friends went and sang a song under Kara's window. Kara told Dan she'd love to go the prom with him!
Mimi had almost drowned in the ocean as a child. As a result, she was terrified of pools and never went in them. One day, her boyfriend invited her to his pool. She wanted to swim with him, but was so scared. She told him her fears and he held her hand as they swam together.
Erica was in a hurry in the morning. She tripped on the way to her car. She had forgotten to tie her shoes. She made she she tied her shoes up correctly afterwards. She arrived at work on time.
Vincent and his wife were on vacation. They were in the Bahamas. Both Vincent and his wife had never gone snorkeling. They decided to try it and went out. They had an amazing time and wouldn't soon forget snorkeling.
Tim went fishing with friends. He was the only one not to get any. His friends made fun but he didn't care. Tim still had fun. His friends shared their fish with him.
My dad called me late last night. He told me about how he was shot as a younger man. I told him I already knew this story. He became agitated that I told him this. My dad then hung up on me.
Ashley lived on a farm. She bought a horse. She didn't know much about horses but they looked fun. She learned how to care for it. She knew it would be a lot of work but she was excited.
Sam Bell had a headache when he woke up that morning. He took some medicine, but to no effect. Sam got an idea. He went skydiving for the first time in his life. When he landed, his headache had disappeared.
Sam was waiting in line at the drive through. It took forever for him to get to even order his food. Once he did they told him he couldn't get it. The fast food burger place had run out of hamburgers. Sam was so annoyed that he decided to just leave.
Ana lost a bet at the office Christmas party. She had to wear antlers all the next day. At first she greeted customers anxiously. But then she saw that they were amused by her headgear. Ana decided that the antlers were actually fun to wear!
Carla wanted to save money by cutting her own hair. She had never done it before, so she watched video tutorials. After a while, Carla was confident enough to cut her hair. The haircut came out great. Carla took many pictures of her new haircut to share with friends.
Samantha was feeling sick. She couldn't make it to work. She called her boss to tell him she wouldn't be at work that day. Her boss refused to sympathize with Samantha's sickness. Samantha's boss fired her the next day.
Amy took half a day off at work. When it was 1PM she drove in. Halfway there she ran into heavy traffic due to an accident. She was not expecting this. Amy arrived 30 minutes late.
Susan got in her car to drive to work. On her way to work it began to rain very hard. The lack of visibility caused by the rain made Susan nervous. Susan decided to drive much slower than usual. She arrived to work a little late, but safe.
Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library. It was almost time to return to her classroom. She began to pack her things to return. Gina didn't want to go back to her class. She considered staying in the library against her teachers wishes.
Ashley started playing an online game. She met a few people and liked to chat with them. She got sucked into the game and played many hours. Soon, she was addicted. She had to cancel her internet service to get her life back.
John got a call from his boss asking him to come in early. John felt nervous, wondering what was wrong. John spent all night speculating about what the problem was. John went into the office early the next morning. His boss surprised him - with a positive review and a raise.
Jackie eats protein bars for breakfast every day. She stopped at Target to replenish her supply. Her favorite bars were on sale for 20% off. She decided to stock up. Now she has enough protein bars to last several months.
Jason loved to barbecue. He bought the biggest steak he could find at the store. He prepared the coals and had the steak ready to cook. The steak had been cooked to perfection. Jason loved eating the steak.
Alex one day saw a commercial for a new handheld console. It was from his favorite game maker! So she saved money, mowing lawns and cleaning cars. But she wasn't able to make it in time to the sale. So she bought it online and had it shipped to her.
Sonia was walking around with her dog. She saw a child playing on the street. She went over and told the child to go home. The child ignored her. So she told his parents to ground him.
Fred asked a question. His classmates laughed. The teacher quieted the class. He taught that there were no stupid questions. Fred's was pretty dumb though.
Sam and Jane had been married for a year now. They both stayed in different places due to work. They soon grew apart from each other both emotionally and physically. One day, Sam met another woman in his city and fell in love. Sam and Jane realized that the distance had killed their relationship.
Sammy couldn't control himself when it came to sweets. One day he somehow found himself inside a candy store's storeroom. Nobody was around to see Sammy. He quickly stuffed his pockets with as many sweets as they could hold. He devoured the sweets and was unable to sleep for days.
Maria was dressed and ready to go for a run. Maria left her house, locked the door, and walked to the park. At the park, Maria jogged lightly around for twenty minutes. Maria walked home after her run. She unlocked the door and went inside.
Tom left all of his glass, aluminum, and plastic in his garage. Tom decided to finally clean out his garage. He took all the recyclables to the recycling center for cash. The center paid him more money than he expected. He used the money to buy more cleaning supplies.
Stan put on his skinny jeans and went to work. He had to do a lot of heavy lifting this afternoon. He got into a squat to lift a large box. As he raised the box he hear a rip. Stan put the box down and examined his pants for a rip.
Kyle ordered a large fresh salad at an Italian restaurant. Instead, the waiter brought Kyle a hot bowl of chicken gnocchi soup. Upset, Kyle told the waiter he had ordered salad. The waiter apologized profusely. Within minutes, the waiter gave Kyle his salad, free of charge.
Amber and Rob had taken some time apart Rob went back home to live with his family Rob had missed Amber very much Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings Rob and Amber decided to move back in together
It had always been Jen's dream to go to France. Finally, she went to the Eiffel Tower. She took so many pictures! It was a truly stunning sight. Jen was in awe of the beautiful monument.
Ed wanted to start a band. He put a sign up advertising. Soon he got calls from prospective members. He auditioned them and assembled a band. Soon they were practicing every week together!
Bill had an idea about how to make really cool music. Bill tried laying a drum track over a classical piece of music. Bill worked hard on getting the sound just right. Bill played the music he made at a party. Everybody loved it, dancing to it all night!
Allie was invited to go to Disney. She was excited. But when she got there she didn't like it. It was too childish. She didn't want to go back.
Jessa yawned loudly, hoping Marnie would take the hint. Of course, Marnie continued to read. Jessa stretched in her chair, the old recliner squeaking noisily. Marnie raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. Jessa cheekily turned off the light before running to her room.
Kevin and Glenn's mother really loved musicals. She watched them on television all of the time. She learned all of the songs. Unfortunately their mother had never attended one in person. For her 50th birthday the boys surprised her with tickets.
Alex had been trying to teach his dog to sit. He had bought good treats to use as a reward. His dog loved the treats. Alex devoted time to training his dog. Alex was successful in teaching his dog to sit.
Jan was in a hurry to get to school. She ran into her dark room and quickly put on her shoes. All day, Jan's feet felt funny. At the end of the day, Jan looked down at her feet. She was wearing a shoe from a different pair on each foot.
My teacher announced the final grades to the class. My name was called first. I walked to my teacher. She had a disappointed look on her face. I was told that I can't go to the next grade since I failed the class.
Kate's cousin had a baby 4 months ago. Today he visited and brought the baby with him. Kate played with and sang to the baby. Usually Kate hated when her cousin came visiting. But today she was won over by the chubby babies smile.
It was Asher and Tiffany's anniversary. They had been married for a long time. She wanted to surprise him. She planned a great trip. He was stunned!
Sal's car was making a weird noise on his way to work. On his way home he heard it again. suddenly the car stopped accelerating. It would cost a thousand dollars to fix it. It was time for Sal to get a new car.
Barry went to the casino. He played the slots for a few hours until he hit the jackpot! He was a millionaire and felt extremely lucky! He decided to play blackjack and win even more. He went all in, but sadly, ended up losing everything.
Steven needed to shovel his driveway, but he couldn't find his shovel. He couldn't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway, though. Steven called his neighbor, and she brought him a shovel. Steven was very grateful to her for helping him out. He shoveled her driveway, too!
Janet really wanted to become a dancer, but she's painfully shy and wa. Her dad decided to get her a month of private lessons. After a month of lessons, Janet had the confidence to take classes. She took classes for another year, and did great. After a year of practice, she performed and excelled.
Tina was having a baby. This was her second child. But she did not tell her family. So she surprised them. When they found out, they were very thrilled for her.
Margo was having a big problem with clutter in her house. She decided to attend a swap meet and sell some stuff. She organized the things she wanted to put up for sale. On the day of the swap meet, her friend helped her with everything. Margo made a lot of money and cleaned her house, too.
Beth loved dancing. She wanted to go dancing with her friends. She asked her friends. Her friends agreed. They all went dancing and had a great time.
My niece's child, K, is 17. Her father promised to take her to Virginia this summer. She was going with her half sister. The father told my niece he wanted money to take K on the trip. K was upset that her father was so miserly, and did not go.
Andrea had to get some chores done. She put her kid in the playpen. She zoomed around the house and cleaned it quickly. The house looked great! Her baby cried and demanded that she take him out.
Stanley went to the park every day to play checkers. One day he didn't show up. His friends were worried. They called Stanley's family to check on him. Stanley had suffered a fall and was in the hospital.
Sam checked his bank account. He had a negative balance. When he called they told him it was overdraft fees. Sam reminded them that he had asked not to have those. The bank was able to reverse Sam's fees.
One day Edna and Joe went out for a romantic dinner. They went to a Chinese restaurant. They ordered sushi. They talked as they ate. They had a fun evening.
Five years ago my son and his wife had my first grandchild. I was just lucky to be visiting when he was born. Every year I go back there to visit and see how he has grown. Now he is joined by a beautiful little sister. I am very excited to be going to visit them on my yearly trip.
Tonight was an open mic night at a bar. Kristen was going to perform for the very first time. She was extremely nervous. When it was time to perform, she tried to stay calm and do her best. Luckily, it went very well and everyone was a fan.
Wyatt got a bike for his second birthday. His mom went to put it together. First she built the frame. Then, she put the small bits on. Finally, she added some decorative stickers.
The mayor wanted the town to decide how to use the warehouse. One person suggested that it be used as a communal studio space. The mayor agreed. He used the building himself to practice singing. The next year he quit his day job and went on the road.
The baby was filthy. His mom gave him a bath. He loved splashing in the water. Soon, he was clean and fresh again! His mom wrapped him in a towel and snuggled him.
One day Lulu was bored. As a result she decided to make some sauce. She found out she made a delicious sauce. She had her friends try it out. Her friends ended up loving it.
Lisa wanted a chemical treatment. It was for her hair. When she went to the salon it was a pain. The smell was bad from the chemicals. Her hair turned out good though.
Tom was in his school's play. He was really nervous about his performance. Tom wound up doing a great job. He got the most praise from the critics. Tom was excited to do more acting.
The Gibson sisters were bored and wanted something to watch. The only common thing they liked to view was horror. They looked through pages of horror movies and shows. They had finally decided to watch Stranger Things together. They loved the show so much that they binged watched the entire season.
Tina tried out for the swim team. She made it. Tina was happy. She told her friends. They were happy for her.
Her house was starting to look bad from the outside. She figured she would spend the weekend fixing it up. So she went to the store and bought supplies. She started with paint. It took all weekend but her house looked much better.
Larry decided he needed to do laundry. He took all his clothes down to the machine to wash them. He wore a lot of socks so he filled an entire load with them. When washer beeped he reached in to grab the pairs. He noticed a sock had gone missing, and could never find it.
Tom was driving at night. He hit a pothole pretty strong. One of Tom's hubcaps went flying off. Tom tried to turn around and find it. Unfortunately he couldn't find it in the dark.
We went to Florida on a vacation. We were there in February. I wanted to be cool and go back to school with a tan. I stayed out in the sun all day the last day of our trip. I went home with the worst sunburn you can imagine!
Johnny went to a demonstration with a friend. He had no idea what it was for but he liked the ambiance. When things started to heat up, he didn't like it anymore. He tried to escape, but a cop caught him. He spent the night in prison for a cause he didn't even know.
It didn't matter what he said. She was on the floor with his foot on her head. He was screaming at her, calling her scum. She felt like her heart was breaking in half. He later apologized and said he would stop drinking.
Anna went to San Francisco. She had a great time sightseeing. Her favorite thing was the cable cars. On her last day, she even got to ride one! Anna had a thrilling experience on the cable car!
James took the ACT when he was in seventh grade. He was intimidated by the high school students who tested with him. Although he was nervous, he completed the test successfully. He got the test results back a few months later. He had scored better than many of the high school students.
There was a problem with Sarah's left eye. It started to swell after she rubbed it with dirty hands. The swelling became so severe that her eye wouldn't open. The eye doctor took one look and said that Sarah needed a glass eye! She prayed that the doctor was just joking.
I had an appointment to see the dentist. I had a tooth which had been hurting. He told me he would need to pull the tooth. I was very nervous, but the dentist was very caring. I got through the procedure with minimal pain.
Cara decided to get fast food. She used a drive through and ordered two cheeseburgers. When she got her food, she noticed it wasn't what she ordered. Cara found a salad, parfait, and chicken wrap. But she thought it would be a good idea to eat healthier food.
Lou was trying to tie a bow tie for the prom. He simply could not get it right! His dad noticed he was having trouble. He showed him the trick to tying a perfect bow tie. He told You it would get easier with practice.
Preston was trying to improve his yard. He wanted to plant a tree. He looked it up and saw that trees didn't grow well in his area. Luckily, he found one that would work. He immediately got to work planting it.
Edna smoked a pack of cigarettes every day. She tried to stop but she just couldn't. Then she discovered she was expecting her first child! Edna vowed then and there to never smoke again. When she gave birth she had already been 9 months clean!
Freda was a beautiful women. One day she had a horrible accident. She fell into a pit of acid. The aftermath was horrible. It left the beautiful Freda looking very bad.
Sam is a 6 year old boy who lives with me. He was abandoned by his mother, who is my cousin. Last week she signed temporary custody over to me. I have been treating him like my son ever since. He has been playing and having a lot of fun at my house.
Yesterday I got a brand new ipad. I absolutely loved it when I opened it. However to my dismay the iPad stopped working. I was horrified. I ended up having to get it fixed.
Lucy decided to hire a maid. She interviewed lots of them. She decided on Maria, who seemed very competent. The next day, Lucy came home to a spotless house. She knew she'd made the right decision!
The Marston family were lost in an old country road. It was getting dark and they were lucky to find a quaint little inn. They discovered that it had a single vacancy for the night. The room was very cramped and the kids had to sleep on the floor. In the morning, they were served breakfast and they departed happily.
I read in the news that monks in orange robes were in Boston. They were in Quincy Market asking for money. The police issued a warning saying these were imposters. I sent an email to my kids telling them I am buying an orange robe. My daughter said she was not surprised.
Lori just started playing tennis. She needed help with her backhand. She decided to take lessons. Her backhand finally got better. She started winning matches.
James was on his way to the podium when the rain started. The weather caused everyone in the crowd to seek shelter. An umbrella was placed over James's head by security. He was told it was okay to cancel the speech because of weather. Disappointed, he agreed and was escorted to his vehicle.
Belinda was getting married, and her daughter Sasha was flower girl. Her friend Talia had a daughter Sasha's age, named Kylie. When Kylie saw all the attention Sasha got, she began to cry. She begged to also be put in the wedding party pictures. In the end they let her join in, and the girls posed proudly together.
It was raining really hard. The street started to fill with water. The water reached the car bumper. Ed ran out to move the car. It was too late, the car wouldn't start.
Amy and Charles were going shopping for an engagement ring. They went to the mall and visited Kay Jewelers. They saw many rings within their price range. Amy finally saw the ring of her dreams. Amy started at her new ring all the way home.
Chris had been agoraphobic for years. He had a special worker from the state come and bring him things. They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again. When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside. He promised his worker he would try it more.
Susie was getting married. She couldn't wait. One problem happened. It started to rain. It was rained upon.
Wally had been trained to work with sea life. He most often worked with dolphins. One day, he was asked to work with seals, sea lions and walruses. He found that he enjoyed that a lot. He eventually transferred so he could work with Walruses every day.
Rory was taking archery lessons. When he was good enough, he decided to enter the archery contest. The winner would receive one hundred dollars cash! Rory tried his best during the competition. But, to his dismay, he did not win the cash prize.
David didn't have a lot of money. He was low on groceries. David ate ramen noodles until his next check. When he got paid, David went shopping. He was more careful to buy groceries that would last.
ken was at a monster truck show. One of the trucks lost control. It went toward Ken in the audience. He tried to move out of the way. Unfortunately he was hit and died because of injuries.
Today we went to the park with our paper and pencil. We collected a couple of plant samples in the morning. We were tired and ready for lunch by noon. After eating, I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen. We played on the jungle gym and put off our work.
Tia grew tea leaves in her garden. Then she dried them and brewed them into tea. It was delicious! Tea made tea sachets for all her family and friends. Everybody who tasted it loved Tia's homegrown tea!
Tom and Jessica were getting married soon. They decided to have a unique wedding. They had an outdoor wedding. They prepared their own vows. They had a special ceremony they cherished.
Jen was on a road trip with her friends Jen notices her gas light come on Her friends tell her she should get some gas before it runs out Stubborn Jen insist she was still good to go until the next town Halfway to the town she runs out of gas
Colonel Vlasic had spent 17 years in the Soviet army. Upon retirement, he decided to move someplace warmer. He moved south into Hungary, hoping he could relax in peace. But the Colonel was followed there by an angry former private. The private shot him down one day in Budapest.
Lucy was watching Funny Girl with her grandparents. Her grandma made the movie sound interesting. It was anything but. Lucy decided not to finish the movie. She crept out without them noticing as they laughed at the movie.
Shawn needed a website for his new business. Due to budget he could not pay a web designer. Shawn felt that he could learn to make the website on his own. He took many web development classes to learn how. Shawn successfully put together a very nice website.
Craig found a gun on the street while jogging. While showing it to his girlfriend, he shot himself in the leg. The bullet went through Craig's leg and into her foot. Neither Craig nor his girlfriend  have life-threatening injuries. Craig's girlfriend did need surgery on her foot.
My fridge started to malfunction last month. I ended up having to shop for a new one. I went to a local appliance store to see what they had on sale. I was able to purchase a used refrigerator for under $200. I am happy with my purchase.
My wife and I decided to install new carpet. We were unable to agree on a color. When we were putting it in we argued the whole time. The project did not get done correctly. We had to call in professionals to install the carpet for us.
Anna entered a contest at the local grocery store. She submitted her name and phone number. Three weeks later she got a phone call. The contest administrators were calling to say she'd won! Anna got a free cruise to the Bahamas!
Sally felt a lump on her breast. She went to an oncologist. The oncologist told Sally that she had cancer. Sally had surgery, then chemotherapy. Sally was cured of cancer.
I landed this morning in Ibiza. It was beautiful, so I went for a walk on the beach. I walked past a group of kids playing volleyball. They invited me to join them. I decided to play, but didn't score any points.
Thomas was very afraid of the dentist. He would cry every time he went to the dentist's office. One day, he had to go for a check up. The dentist was very nice to Thomas. Now, Thomas loves the dentist a lot.
After several weeks in town, the circus was ready to move on. It was hard work packing a circus. Everyone pitched in and took down all the tents. Others secured all the animals. In a matter of hours, the circus was on its way to the next town.
Devon drove to a restaurant with his wife for dinner. It was impossible to find an empty spot in the parking lot. He dropped his wife off at the restaurant entrance and kept looking. He finally saw an empty stall but another car got there first. He gave up and decided to pay for valet parking.
Tina had her daughter clean the bathroom. Her daughter groaned. Quinn hated doing it. When she was done she showed her mom. Tina told her she missed a spot.
Josue was trying out a new knitting pattern. She knit a few rows. Somehow each row was longer than the last. She unravelled it all and started again. Surely it would work out fine this time.
There was a bug in sally's bed. It was big and green. She liked the color green, but not the bug. She ran out of the room screaming. And came back with a big book to squash it.
Everyone on the island knew something was up. The volcano had been smoking for about a week. The islanders knew it was time to go and they evacuated. The volcano began smoking even more. Finally the top of the mountain blew off in a huge eruption.
Alicia had to work hard to get into college. There was so much pressure on her to do very well. So Alicia made sure she got the best grades she could. When it came to acceptance however, Alicia did not get in. Alicia was so upset and felt like a failure.
Gina was driving during a snowstorm. Everyone was driving slowly to be safe. Gina was at an intersection stopped at a stop sign. A car was coming, but it was going slow so she decided to go. Gina misjudged their speed and almost had an accident.
Jorge lived in Thailand and couldn't handle the spicy food. One day, he decided to train himself to eat spicy food. Jorge started out with mild spicy food like jalapenos. Eventually, Jorge decided to try things like habaneros. Finally, Jorge could handle spicy food!
Samantha had sensitive skin. She was allergic to most kinds of make up. Eventually she went online for advice. Several people recommended a specific brand. She tried it out and it worked.
Jack had been experiencing stomach pain all day. He called his doctor to schedule a check-up. The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead. An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis. Jack was admitted to the hospital and had his appendix removed.
Darren saw a cellphone on the ground. He picked it up and stared at it. He put the cellphone on his pocket. Ryan walked up to him to ask if he had seen a cellphone. Darren denied seeing a cellphone and walked away.
Johnny needed a haircut. Johnny decided to do it himself. Johnny bought a 'do-it-yourself' razor. Johnny used the razor perfectly. Johnny gave himself a great looking haircut.
Oliver had just turned twenty one. His friends were taking him out to drink. They got a table and ordered some drinks. Then, Oliver took his first sip. Everyone cheered and it kicked off a great party night.
Kate could not cook. However, she was determined to cook her boyfriend dinner. Her mom gave her a great recipe. Kate bought all the ingredients and followed them exactly. The dinner she cooked was perfect!
Alex needed money. He decided to break the law to get it. He cased a nearby convenience store to rob. Alex attempted to rob it one night. Alex was interrupted by an off-duty police officer and arrested.
Dillon was busy developing on his computer. He leaned back in his office chair. He heard a loud SNAP. Dillon fell off his chair. He hit his head on the floor.
A friend of mine owed me money and we agreed to meet at a park. I had baked cookies and had brought some in a paper bag. I joked - GIVE me my money - and we sat for a visit. We were greeted by a cop saying we had been reported as a drug deal! We explained what happened, laughing, and shared our cookies.
A week after Thanksgiving Anita made turkey and stuffing sandwiches. She used submarine sandwich bread. Her son, daughter and husband said they were very delicious. The following year Anita cooked turkey and dressing six times. She asked why they like it so much, her son said we love turkey!
Ben came home after a long day of work. He kept smelling a foul odor emanating in the house. Ben all around the house for what could be causing it. He followed the dog into the living room. Ben saw the dog use the bathroom in his potted plants.
Suzanne was overworked and approaching a full burnout. She went to see a doctor who said she didn't show enough signs. Suzanne waited for a day when she was exhausted. She went back to the doctor who saw her state of distress. Then he signed a paper saying she had to stop working.
Javier loved playing outside. His dad bought him a baseball and told him to go have fun. He made up lots of fun games to play with it. He would throw it high into the air and then catch it. Javier's baseball was his favorite new toy.
Donald is running for president. He believes his comb over looks excellent. After consulting various hair stylists they have confirmed his belief. Donald will never change his terrible hair. Hopefully he loses the election.
Fred worked in the coal mine. He always worked hard. Then he found out he lost his job. He was devastated. He then had to collect food stamps.
Sid and Nancy had tickets to go to Washington, DC for a concert. They drove up to northern Virginia and took a metro in. After they checked into a hotel they got a drink before the show. The concert was loud but awesome and Sid bought a t-shirt afterwards. They had a really great time and were so glad they went.
Tom went on a date with a new girl. He met her off of Tinder. The date started out bad and kept getting worse. Eventually Tom found an excuse to bail. He ended the date early and never talked to her again.
Cal was going on a date. He went with his date to the movies. Cal's friends went to the movies and sat behind him. They began throwing popcorn at Cal and his date. Cal's friends ruined his date.
For Andrew's birthday his family were taking him out. They were taking him to an all you can eat restaurant. So Andrew got ready to go out. They finally picked him up. At the restaurant he eat three plates of food.
Ida was Irish so she decided to grow potatoes. She figured it was in her genes! But her crop did poorly. Her potatoes all died from over-watering! Ida resolved to tend them less next time!
The teenager entered the boutique. A dress caught her eye. She tried it on. She removed the store tags. She walked out without paying for the dress.
I was writing an essay. Suddenly, my pen started to leak ink. The ink got all over my essay. I had to throw away the essay. I decided it was wise to use pencils instead of pens.
Carl wanted to be a scientist. But one day he visited an art gallery. And then he wanted to be an artist. He spent Years learning how to paint. And he hoped his paintings would be put it an art gallery too.
Where I work we have big sewing machines. Some weigh over 70 pounds. I had to move one myself one day. I picked it up and carried it to the storage area. My boss told me never to do that alone again.
Gale and Kim were bored. They decided to go shopping at the mall. They mostly looked and bought a few items. Eventually they got tired and decided to leave. Neither regretted what they bought but neither would buy it again.
Tonight's dinner was penne with tomato sauce. We also had Caesar salad. I preferred ranch dressing. My wife used the Caesar salad dressing. We were stuffed by the end of the meal.
While driving home Mitch heard an amazing song on the radio. The signal was fading so he turned around to listen more. It seemed no direction had any better reception. He sang what he remembered to the song to himself to hear it again. That was the only time he ever heard the song.
Every year a group of deer wandered through the family's yard. The deer would stay for fall and winter and would leave in spring. One year the deer had fawns and stayed a little longer. The following year the deer did not return. The family always wondered what happened to the deer family.
Ashley decided to go out to dinner one night. Her friends had invited her and she thought it seemed normal. When Ashley got there a guy was sitting at the table. She didn't know this guy and seemed confused. Ashley quickly realized that her friends set her up on a date.
Gina's crush Jamie had broken his leg. When he returned to school Josh said bad things about him. Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said. Jamie was not pleased. The gossip had caused a rift between the boys.
Ken wanted to be rebellious. He decided to desecrate a local monument. While spray-painting it a cop pulled up. He had been caught on security camera. Ken got two tickets and several fines.
Linda had a very early meeting with clients. She got dressed in the dark so she wouldn't wake her husband. Partway through her presentation she looked down. She was horrified to find she was wearing two different shoes. She just hoped that her clients didn't notice.
The guys in the Navy division called Mike a comedian. The things Mike did, however, were not funny. Yesterday, as the crew ate on the beach, Mike had an idea. He took off in their helicopter. Next, he landed the helicopter on the beach and ruined their meals.
Tim was out with friends. They were playing near a river. There was a sudden flash flood. Tim and his friends barely made it out. He was too scared to play near there again.
Jane bought a plant for her apartment. She was enthusiastic about it at first. After a while she stopped caring about it. She almost never gave it water. Eventually Jane's plant died.
Juan wanted to be a country music star. He knew that he would have to leave home and go to Nashville. When he turned 20 he decided it was time, so he packed his bags. He told his mom and dad goodbye. Juan left home for the his time and he couldn't be more scared.
Tina went to the supermarket with her baby. He kept crying since he was hungry. Tina became mad and slapped her child. He continued to cry but was more loud. Tina didn't care at all and continued to purchase groceries.
Dave called his wife while at the hardware store. He asked her which color paint to buy for their house. Dave bought green paint and went home. He finished the job by the time his wife got home. She said that he must have not head her right because she hates green.
Josh was good in numbers. He had taken advanced math classes in school. Josh went to college. He majored in accounting. Later, he got a good job at a bank.
When Carlos saw Lisa, he thought she looked like Sade, the singer. Lisa quickly fell in love with Carlos. He convinced her to take some sexy pictures. Carlos sold the pictures to a man's magazine. Lisa got rich and famous and broke up with Carlos, he was so hurt.
Brad's parents were going to a bonsai show. And he had no choice but to come along. He expected it to be boring. But he became fascinated by the beautiful bonsai trees. Every year, Brad and his parents loved going to the bonsai show.
The Robinson family loved to camp in the woods every weekend. They enjoyed their time outdoors and had many fond memories. Sadly a bad storm one weekend destroyed their tent. With no money to spare they couldn't buy another. There weekends now filled with sadness over their favorite lost trip.
Sally like to jump around. She would jump everywhere she went. She went jump to school and back. One day is rained and left puddles on the sidewalk. Sally was sad she jumped everywhere that day.
Randy realized he was gay when he was 30 years old. He found this out because he met a guy at work. He was attracted to the man that he met. Randy asked him out for lunch. They hit it off and started dating.
It was Manny's cousins birthday. Manny did not know what to get his cousin. Manny remembered his cousin loved vodka. So Manny went to the liquor store and bought vodka. It was a Crystal Skull Vodka bottle, Joe's favorite.
Carl played a game on his cell phone. The game app allowed him to buy coins and upgrades. But then his mom saw that he had spend fifty dollars on the app! She shut Carl's phone off for an entire month. Carl learned his lesson during that miserable month!
Security caught a shoplifter at my store yesterday. Security and managers began escorting him to the back office. He walked along with them quietly for a short distance. Suddenly, he turned and ran full speed for the door! He got away, but we have video for the police.
Tyler was always overweight. He loved to cook, so he learned to cook healthy food. He started tracking what he ate on an app on his phone. He took walks around his neighborhood. Within a few months, he had lost 40 pounds.
Jeff's parents fight all the time. Jeff didn't like seeing his parents fight. Eventually, Jeff found a hiding spot. He hid in a shack near his house. He stays in the shack until his parents stops arguing.
It got very cold in Nashville. It began to snow. The snow accumulated to eight inches. People could not leave. The city shut down and people were told to limit travel.
Monica woke up with pain in her right ear. She went to the doctor. The doctor looked in her ears with an otoscope. The doctor informed Monica she had an ear infection. The doctor wrote Monica a prescription for antibiotics.
I was watching the news the other day. I found out there is a lot of scary stuff going on in the world. It was so scary that it was making me a little anxious. So I stopped watching the news. I don't think I will watch the news ever again.
Jules had heard about an upcoming meteor shower. She wanted to see it very badly so she got all set up. When the time came she went outside. To her dismay she realized her entire town was too  bright. She wouldn't be able to see the sky from her yard.
Vincent was walking when he found a wallet on the ground. He looked around and didn't see anyone nearby. He opened up the wallet, which was filled with cash. He was so tempted to keep it, but he felt too guilty. He walked to the police station and turned it in.
My family and I are on a road trip. We've been driving for ten hours straight. We finally hit a pitstop in Georgia. Being able to stretch after being in the car for so long felt great. My body has a strange but satisfying feeling.
Tommy had a pet cat named Toughie that only ate wet food. Every time he tried to give Toughie dry food the cat wouldn't eat. One time Tommy tried mixing the two together but it didn't work. Toughie was just far too intelligent and far too picky. Tommy wound up spending a small fortune on cat food for Toughie.
Tom wanted to watch a movie. He picked one he thought would be fun. Unfortunately it wasn't in English. Tom hated reading subtitles. He decided to watch something else instead.
The concert was going smoothly so far. Maria watched as a stagehand ran out after the curtain closed. He did his job quickly and ran back into the shadows. Maria's earpiece buzzed alerting her to the time until curtain rise. She signaled the artist to get ready, then she exhaled.
Nate loved playing outside. The frisbee was his favorite toy. He would throw it to his dog. The dog would bring it back. They spent hours playing this game.
The man walked up to her as she was getting in her car. She put her son in the back seat. He introduced himself in a british accent. He then suddenly asked her to sell him her knickers. Shocked, she jumped in her car and left.
Timothy had a hockey game this week. He spent a lot of time training with his team. Their coach told them that they will all get pizza if they win. This inspired the team to play harder. Timothy's team won and got the well deserved pizza.
A team of people competed in an event. They were about to eat the most food. They prepped for this by eating pizza. The pizza was in all different sizes. They got excited for this event.
Henry made fun of his sister for walking on the basketball court. He told her that she has no reason for coming. His sister became frustrated and challenged him to a game. They competed to see who can score 21 points first. Before Henry got to 10 points, his sister won the match.
Tim was meeting friends at a movie. He was running late. When he got there he missed part of the beginning. He tried to ask his friends to catch him up. They told him to be quiet and let them watch.
I really enjoy participating in gymnastics. I started when I was in Kindergarten. My favorite area to practice on is the balance beam. I think it's my favorite because it's what I'm best at doing. As a result, I don't practice the vault as often and don't excel here.
Neil was grilling hot dogs. He had never used his new grill before. He hoped he was doing everything right! But when he tasted the hot dogs, he relaxed. They were juicy and very delicious!
Rachel was going camping with her family. She wanted to invite some friends but couldn't! Her parents were being very strict about it. When they were going her parents said she could invite one person. She invited Laura and they had a great time.
Tim was playing in the house. He knocked a lamp over. His parents were furious. Tim was grounded until he could replace it. It took him weeks to buy a new one.
Susie was about to go to work. It was a typical day. All the sudden she saw something outside. It was a present of a car. She started to cry.
I got a paper airplane. I threw it against the wall. My paper airplane got smushed. My friend taught me to make another. I made another paper airplane.
Elle was very nervous about her math test. On the way to school she found a beautifully shaped rock. She told herself it was her good luck charm as she picked it up. She got an A on her math test. From then on she always carried her rock with her when she had a test.
Erin was a student in high school. Erin wanted to pass his computer science test. To study, Erin bought a computer science book at the store. He studied all night long before his test with his new book. Erin passed his test with an A thanks to his study habits.
Vanity was walking home from school. She was trying to look for her wallet and couldn't find it. Her pockets were the last place that got searched. There was a hole in the middle. Vanity tried to retrace her steps.
Oscar did not want to go to work. He wanted to go to a hockey game with his buddies. So Oscar called in sick at work. Oscar was having so much fun at the game he did not see his boss. The next day the boss called him into his office and scolded Oscar.
Ellen moved in with new roommates she met online. They all got along well at first. Ellen thought there were no problems. Her roommates gave her a letter of eviction a few months later. She lived on the street because she couldn't find another place.
I went to a Detroit Lions game for my birthday. I had a large Birthday card to try to get autographs. After warm ups I was getting a few autographs. A player gave me his gloves which were signed. It was a birthday present to remember.
Tate has many responsibilities. He must wake up early to make coffee for his dad. Then he has to clean the dishes and kitchen. After that he vacuums and mows the lawn. Tate is very tired by bedtime every day.
Annie really wanted to get the lead in the school musical. She knew that she would have to prepare very well for the audition. She enlisted the help of a vocal coach to learn the music. She spent a lot of time practicing her singing and acting. She did a great job at the audition and won the lead role.
Sally got a sewing machine for her 8th birthday. Miss Claire promised to teach Sally to sew. They started by learning to thread the needle. Next they practiced sewing in straight lines. In no time at all Sally was making simple clothes for her dolls.
Diana was not very coordinated. She was walking down the aisle when she tripped over her shoe. She took a tumble and ended up on the floor. A fellow shopper stopped to help Diana get back on her feet. Diana got thanked the shopper and continued shopping.
Mae wanted to win the Tour de France. She practiced over many years to achieve her goal. She did the whole tour by herself outside the competition. As her time was better than any other cyclist, she had hope. The next year she enrolled and won.
My dog and I hiked up to the top of the mountain. He sniffed the ground. I looked at the scenery. He barked at a squirrel and ran away. I never went hiking with him again.
The Lair family goes to the movies for free. They are all addicted to Coca Cola and drink it a lot. Once they joined Coke Points it wasn't long before they had tickets. They saved and inputted all of the codes into their accounts. After so many are acquired they can pick out a prize of their choice.
I recently developed a skin condition that affects my inner legs. It is painful and makes it hard for me to walk around. I did some research and found that Turmeric helps with the symptoms. I then purchased a bottle online and have been taking it since. It seems to help my condition and I am happy about that.
Melissa was 20 pounds overweight. She hated to workout or participate in any kind of exercise. She didn't want to give up the foods she loved. A friend suggested that she just cut down on 25% of the food she eats. She followed this advice and has already lost 5 pounds.
Tom let a friend crash on his couch. The friend didn't help clean. He was messier than anyone living there. Eventually Tom asked him to clean up more. The friend decided to leave instead.
David asked his father if they could drive to the toy store. While they were driving David counted his allowance. At the toy store, David ran over to the toy cars. He picked out a car that he could afford. David bought the car and took it home.
Max woke up and noticed he was late for work. He jumped out of bed and got dressed. Then, he quickly rode his bike to work. When he got there, he apologized to his boss. His boss forgave him and gave him one more chance.
I had always struggled with science. I hired a friend as a tutor. She taught me the basics of science. I learned how to do biological equations. I passed science with an A.
Julio loved going to the county fair. He liked eating the cotton candy. He loved riding the rides even more. He saved up for months just to go. He was heartbroken to hear it was shut down this year.
My son's teachers that year were Mrs Pope and Mrs Ray. They were very sweet when we went to meet them. Over the year, they became very attached to my son. They cried when we moved away. They hugged him and promised to keep in touch with him always.
Kelly went ice skating yesterday. She went and got what she could find in her closet. When she got to the rink she out on the skates. She realized she was wearing two right skates. But she still ended up skating.
I was working at a local strip club. I was very ashamed and wanted no one to know. One night I was working, there was a class reunion celebrating there. I soon realized it was my high school reunion. I hid in the changing room all night as to not be discovered.
A scientist worked late on night in his lab on a special project. The scientist was astounded when he checked over his results. He felt that his work was too intense to share with the world. He took his notes and went out behind his lab. He dug a deep hole and buried everything.
We prayed until school started. There were about twenty people. I had just picked up my friend. We met at the flagpole. I got my mom to drop me off at school early.
Tina had an oily face. But she loved oily food. She tried to change her diet. But she continued to crave french fries and hamburgers. When she saw her face in the mirror, she finally decided to change.
I played my friend Joe 4 games of speed chess tonight. I won the first game but lost the second. After a break, I won the next two games. Joe decided to quit rather have his chess rating go lower. I was glad to quit while I was ahead.
Kate couldn't figure out what was going on. There was a hole in her backyard. It got bigger every night! She stayed up late to watch the hole. She saw a dog sneak in and start to dig!
Brenda wanted to earn money online. So she decided to start a blog. She wrote about food, cooking, gardening, and her dog. But after several months, her blog barely had any traffic. But Brenda continued to blog because she found it so much fun.
Tim was at the beach flying a kite. The wind started to pick up as a storm came in. Tim kept playing until it got too intense. A strong wind ripped the kite off and flew it away. Tim was never able to recover it.
Yvette was reading her book at night. With a pop, the light bulb burned out. Yvette grabbed a new light bulb. She replaced the light bulb. Yvette continued reading her book.
The firefighters ran inside the house to rescue the kids. They managed to take Bill out however, Jane was still inside. She was scared to make any move since the fires were large. The firefighter told her to run through an opening. Although she got burned on the band, she ended up making it.
Mary wanted to be a doctor when she was older. She studied hard everyday to get good grades. She applied for college and got accepted into a good school. She got a job to pay for her school. She graduated and was on her way to becoming a doctor.
Ed's parents warned him to be home by midnight. They told him if he didn't meet curfew he would have to sleep outside. When he arrived at 12:45 Sunday morning he found the door locked. There was no way in! He slept on the porch vowing to never come home late again.
The dentist had to give me fillings. The needle was so painful. But the gas was nice. It took him about 30 min. Now I have a new shiny silver tooth.
I bought my child several new binkies. She loved them all and collected them. One day they all seemed to disappear. I looked everywhere for them. Then I caught the dog hiding them under the bed.
I wanted to learn guitar. So, I decided to take music lessons. My teacher was very skilled and very nice. Alas, he was not a good teacher. I fired him and hired a better teacher.
Cindy was at the store with her mother. Cindy saw a candy bar she wanted but didn't have the money to buy it. Cindy asked her mom if she could buy her the candy bar. Cindy's mom said no because it was not healthy. Cindy decided to steal the candy bar and put it into her pocket.
My sister and I used to always annoy the bus driver. Almost every day we made him wait on us. One day he got tired of waiting and started to drive off. I snatched up my backpack and started chasing after it. Later my neighbor told me he saw me and was laughing at me.
Oliver went to the beach that summer. He usually went to the mountain and didn't know what to do. He was bored sitting on a chair for hours on end. So he signed up for a diving class. He spent a fabulous summer exploring under the sea.
There one was a girl named Subtlety. She had no tact at all. She mother realized she named her poorly. She changed her name to Tactless. Now Tactless things always before she speaks.
I was digging in my backyard when I hit something hard. I speared my shovel with more force. A gusher of blackish liquid shot up. Before I could mistake it for oil, the smell hit me. I should have called the sewage company and asked about buried pipes.
The man heard about a tragedy. He wanted to help. He called the cops. He asked if he could help. They told him to stay out of the way.
Tracy was a new mother. She wanted to give her baby the best of everything. Tracy decided to breastfeed her baby. It was a difficult thing to do at first and painful. After a month it became much easier and Tracy was proud of herself.
Thomas was ready to get on the airplane for the first time in his life. Upon arriving at the terminal he was amazed by the amount of people. Once through security he was quick to realize that he forgot something. His favorite teddy bear he left at home that he never forgets. It was ok as his favorite bear didn't purchase a ticket so it was good.
My dad had a big event he had to host. The night before he was playing with us in the house. He gave himself a rug burn on his face trying to do a flip. The burn was so bad he needed a bandaid. He was self conscious the whole time he was hosting the event.
Ryan wanted to go to college to get a degree. He looked at the costs and decided to take action. Ryan joined the military. The military paid for his college. Ryan now has a successful career and Veteran status too.
Tom always got in trouble for talking. His teacher made him change his card at school. A note was sent home to his parents. His parents took away privileges. Tom never got in trouble again.
Tom bought some shoes online. He thought he picked the right size. They didn't fit when he got them. Tom realized the sizes were different on the site. He was refunded at no extra cost.
Josh wanted to surprise his sister. He knew she wanted a puppy. He went to the shelter and adopted one. He gave it to her for her birthday. She absolutely loved the puppy.
Dan was a reckless young man. He would often do dangerous things. His girlfriend warned him to stop. Dan couldn't give up his thirst for extreme stunts. Dan lost his girlfriend over it.
Neil was touring haunted cities. He arrived in Erie, Pennsylvania. He toured the old warehouses and institutions there. He felt creeped out. He definitely thought Erie was haunted!
I was late for class because my car had broken down. The professor was greatly displeased when I walked in late. She embarrassed me in front of the class by saying I was lazy. I felt so upset that I immediately left the classroom. I skipped all the rest of my classes that day.
Alex needed new shoes. He did not have enough money for the shoes he wanted. He decided to get a part time job. He saved up until he had enough. Alex finally bought the shoes he wanted.
Lucy called her friend Amy the day after a party she missed. Amy had gone to the mall with other friends. Lucy was far away and feeling left out. It upset her her friends were having fun while she was bored. Amy decided not to call them till she was home again.
Deb attended a school where there was a terrible shooting. She and the other students were still afraid to attend school. Their parents discussed how to make the school safer. They met with the school principal and outlined their safety ideas. Deb felt better knowing that the adults were trying to make them safe.
Abby was about to go for a quick run at night. Abby's boyfriend immediately told her to change her clothes. After explaining why, Abby changed into a orange shirt. Abby's boyfriend laughed, because the shirt was very bright. Abby was glad that her boyfriend could laugh at her bright shirt.
Zoey is at her favorite nail salon getting a pedicure. Her nail artist is feeling drowsy today. The nail artist slips and cuts Zoey's foot very deeply. Zoey had to go to the hospital to clean up her wound. Zoey has decided she is never going back to that salon again.
Jerry was addicted to ice cream. He loved the way it tasted as he wolfed it down. Disabled in the war, he worked towards his precious dream. He bought a delivery truck with modifications for a wheelchair. Jerry brings ice cream every day with a content smile on his face.
Amy had one friend in her lunch period. They sat together everyday. The girls found the had a lot in common. Amy exchanged phone numbers with her new friend. The girls promised to be friends outside of school as well.
Brittany decided to go shopping to get a gift for Jimmy. She knew his pants size and decided to buy a pair of jeans for him. After she came home, she gave Jimmy a hug along with the gift. When Jimmy tried it on, he can barely fit into it. He had to tuck his stomach in the pants since it was extremely short.
Tom hated bathing. His mom wanted him to take a bath. Tom refused to take one. After an hour of arguing he finally took one. He was surprised at how good taking a shower felt.
Becky had a quiz. She had studied hard for it. The professor passed out the quiz. Becky flew through the quiz. All of her studying had paid off after all.
During the first week of school Tim's class did lots of team building. They took a field trip to the mountains. They spent time kayaking in a small creek. Afterwards, they splashed and played in the water. By week's end, everyone felt closer to their classmates.
Laura noticed her dog was getting fatter and more out of shape. I suggested that she start taking her dog on walks more. The next day she started taking her dog on walks. They were very exhausting walks at first but it went fine! After about a month Laura noticed that her dog was losing weight!
Sam has a cat she loves more than anything. She is going on vacation and has to leave her cat behind. She gets a cat sitter to watch her cat. When sam comes back from vacation her cat is gone. Sam's cat was stolen!
Last Christmas, Charles had a financial setback. He lost his job and had only enough money for his rent. He couldn't by food. He asked his father for money and then cursed him when he said no. So his father bought him a small oven and gave him a bag of steaks.
Gina wanted a jewelry box for her earrings and bracelets. She went to Target to look for one. But they didn't have anything that would suit her. She wasn't happy with the limited selection. Since she had no choice, she chose a small 3 drawer Tupperware.
The dog appeared almost to be laughing. He ran over to his owner. He started licking her on the face. She couldn't help but laugh herself. She hugged him, happy he wasn't missing.
Sports fan Ty found he was missing his childhood days of team sports. He talked to some guys at work about maybe playing softball together. Enough guys were interested that they were able to form two teams. The group of guys played softball that Saturday and had a blast. Saturday softball became a regular weekend activity, and Ty loved it.
Briana runs a small successful company. She keeps productivity high by only hiring her friends. She found another path to success by giving talks. Briana can stymie the competition in a subtle way. She shames them into not just hiring their friends.
Zoey received a trophy for her year on the soccer team. It was a small plastic sculpture of a girl kicking a ball. She cherished it. Unfortunately, her name was misspelled as Zoe on it. Zoey decided to go by Zoe sometimes as a result.
Sam's family was poor. They couldn't afford an actual home. They decided to get a new trailer. Sam thought it was great and loved it. His parents were happy he was happy.
I had just retrieved my marbles from Sally's house when it happened. Everything went very black and cold. I woke up the next day in the hospital! Sally's dad thought I was robbing his house. So he hit me upside the head with a baseball bat.
Ash was shy guy ever since he was a young child. He was especially scared of talking to girls even his cousins. One day he got the courage to ask his crush out on a date, she agreed. They later went to the movies and had a great time, she gave a hug. She told him the reason she agreed was because he was shy,
Tom bought a new vacuum. During its first use, the vacuum began to smoke. Tom inspected it to see what was wrong. Tom ran over a piece of fabric that he did not see. Tom removed the fabric and continued vacuuming.
In November 2016 America will elect a new president. Both the Republicans and Democrats have many candidates. Many young Americans are choosing to vote for the first time. The candidates are vying for their votes through advertisements. These young Americans have an important choice to make for the future.
Layla almost saw her father. He was a police officer and worked very late hours. One night, she woke up to the most delicious smell. Her father was in the kitchen, making a pot of chicken soup. Together, they ate the chicken soup and talked for hours.
I went out to eat today. The food was standard. Then I took it home, I got the wrong food. I was bummed.
My granny met my grandpa on her nineteenth birthday. Her cousin introduced them on a beach picnic. They hit it off and began writing letters all that year. By the next year, things were getting serious between them. My grandpa proposed to her on Halloween that year.
Shane went shopping. An item on his list was not at the store. He went to another store. He found the item. Shane went home with all the groceries.
John asked all his friends to help him move. Most came with with excuses. But a few true friends showed up. They got it all done in a few hours. He bought pizza and thanked them all.
Marilyn loved pandas. She went to the zoo to see them. She made her way down to the panda enclosure. All the pandas were sleeping. She didn't mind, because she loved pandas, even if they were lazy.
I was staying with my grandparents for a weekend. They told me to finish getting dressed so we could leave. I refused to put my pants on so she put me in the car with no pants. I was beginning to fear I would have to walk around in my underwear. Right before we left they gave them to me and I learned my lesson.
Matt was two years old and wanted to golf. He got a golf club and a golf ball. He put the golf ball on the tee. He counted to three, then swung at the ball. He hit the ball, right into the water!
Cathy is the self proclaimed biggest fan of Prince. Cathy was so sad to see the news that he passed away. Cathy decided she would go the record store and get his music. However, at the record store, they were sold out of his music. Cathy was even more heartbroken that she could not buy his music.
I went to toys r us. I had to buy a toy for my child. I found some legos. I purchased it and brought it home. My son loved it.
Cadence worked at Wal-Mart. He was assigned one job for the night. Don't let kids steal anymore shopping carts. Cadence sat there for hours on a bench bored out of  his mind. As soon as he dozed off, he awoke to ten carts missing.
Gina's grandfather took her to Walgreens. He waited in the car while she went in. All she needed was a phone card. But there was a long line in the store. She waited anxiously as her grandpa sat in the car for 10 minutes.
Thomas was a homeless student who heard about mturk on campus. He couldn't believe there was a website that let people make money. He signed up for an mturk account and started making money. After a while, Thomas wasn't being honest with his hits. Amazon suspended his mturk account for three months.
Connor balanced on the tightrope with much concentration. Then he heard a girl cheering his name. He turned ever so slightly, and saw the most beautiful girl. He lost his balance and tumbled to the ground. As the net caught him, he saw the girl laugh and leave the tent.
I was feeling bad. So, I went to the doctor. He said I had the flu. He told me to take some medicine. The medicine made me feel better.
There is a fossil shop on the Isle of Wight called Island Gems. Island Gems is home to a 25 foot tall triceratops statue. Sunday morning, the statue was found blocking the roadway. The statue is so heavy it takes five people even to move it. It is thought that several drunken men must have been the kidnappers.
Kevin saw all of his friends driving cars. Kevin wanted a car. Kevin picked up a job. Kevin started saving money from working. Kevin was able to buy himself a nice car!
The kids worked all summer on their projects for the county fair. On fair day, they gathered the items up. They set them out for the judges, nervously. They each got a blue ribbon! All their hard work had paid off.
Peter went to Africa to do some missionary work. While in Africa, Peter contracted malaria. Peter had to leave Africa to get medical treatment at home. Peter eventually recovered from his illness. Peter returned to Africa because he was dedicated to his mission.
Every year there is a pond hockey tournament. They have it by the marina when the lake freezes over. People from around the country come to play. They all play with a small goal and three skaters. It's a huge hit and a lot of fun.
Jasper notices that his guitar doesn't sound right. At first he cannot determine what has gone wrong. Finally he tries tuning the guitar. Now his guitar sounds great! Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again.
Ari was so shy that he had never asked a girl for a date. One day his friend Sophia asked him for one! On their date, she confessed that she'd always loved shy, quiet boys. For once I didn't feel ashamed of his timid nature! He and Sophia became a happy couple!
Tom was really drunk. He wanted to take a bath. He didn't care he was fully clothed. Tom had his phone in his pocket. He destroyed it with water damage.
John entered a writing contest. He submitted a poem that he said was original. But John had really stolen lyrics from an old country song. He got an email from the contest judge. The judge gave John first prize!
Francie has a dog named Tula. She isn't a smart or obedient dog. One day, Francie took Tula to a class to train her. At the end of the class, Tula was able to sit when commanded. Francie's dog, Tula, still isn't very smart.
Matt looks really skinny and weak. He decides to go workout. He buys weights online. He starts working out every day. He gains a lot of muscle.
Ellen took an early interest in science. In grade school she got a microscope for Christmas. That summer she bought a chemistry set. In high school she took advanced biology. It's no surprise that she's applying to medical school.
Max looked online for a job. He called one advertiser. The advertiser hired him for the day. Max did a good job. The advertiser asked Max to work the next day as well.
John was about to begin his freshman year of college. He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation. The orientation was a grand celebration. John had a great time at the orientation. John thought it was silly that he almost did not attend.
Opal was pregnant and her doctor had some concerns. During an ultrasound she had seen markers for down syndrome. They needed to test the baby but the process was dangerous. Opal decided not to risk it because she didn't mind either way. Luckily her baby came out perfectly healthy in the end.
Ellie was always afraid of spiders. Ever since she was a little girl they scared her. Her brother had a pet tarantula, and was leaving for summer camp. Ellie's parents wanted her to take care of it. So she did, and found it wasn't all that bad even cute.
I was at the beach yesterday. While walking on the beach I saw a lot of crabs. After walking for a little longer I saw a starfish. I had never seen one before, so I picked it up. It was really cool to hold a starfish for the first time.
Maya worked with a lazy cashier. The young man always snuck out to smoke or took too-long breaks. Maya covered for him to be kind, but soon she grew tired of it. She told her manager what was going on. The lazy cashier was put on a verbal warning at work!
Jane went shopping. She needed a new coffee cups. They did not have any. Jane was disappointed. She yelled at the store manager.
Jon was running outside for exercise one day. It started raining hard. Jon was worried the rainy would ruin his ipod. He ran under a bridge and ate a snack until the rainy stopped. He finished the run and was relieved his ipod didn't get wet.
Kay wanted a new car. She decided to start saving up. She also got a second job. She finally saved up enough. She was excited when she could buy her car.
We went on a wine tour for my wife's birthday. We made plans to stop by 6 or 7 wineries. Each one had samplings you could try. I prefer the sweeter wines and she prefers ones a bit more dry. We picked up some bottles for home and made plans to do it again.
Jasmine drives her car to class. When class is over she goes outside to find her car. She can't find her car anywhere. She notices someone has stolen her car. She calls the police to report her car stolen.
Lynn had to move recently into an apartment. Before she moved she had put her stuff in storage. Unfortunately the stuff she needed was buried in the storage unit. So instead she went to the store and bought the stuff she needed. Lynn got many nice new kitchen items as a result.
Last year I bought a selfie stick. I decided to buy a bluetooth remote version. I found I had to charge it all the time. Thus, it was not always ready for use. I ended up buying a mechanical stick.
Lewis was walking downtown. Lewis noticed that there was a shiny object on the ground. Lewis picked the object up. Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar. Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar.
While at work David gets visited by officers. They come to arrest him. David is very confused. The police show him a picture of his twin who is wanted for murder. David tells them they have the wrong guy but they don't believe him.
Last week I got a new dog. We had a little trouble potty training in the beginning. I had to learn a lot of his patterns. Eventually he learned to love and trust me. Now we are best friends with great communication.
Kate wanted some fruit. She purchased some grapes, and some bananas. She ate the grapes and got full. She put the bananas on the table and forgot about them. Three days later there were fruit flies in the dining room.
Brian needed to take the SATs in order to get into college. In the weeks before the test, Brian only studied a little. The night before the test, Brian stayed up late playing video games. He overslept and arrived just as the test was beginning. Due to his lack of preparation, Brian failed the test.
Jakub had hoped to spend his entire life living in America. After studying engineering he got a great job at a local company. However, one day he received a letter that his mother was sick. It was time for Jakub to go home and take care of his mother. Jakub was very sad to say goodbye to his life in America.
Randy wants to have a good time. He buys some beers. He drinks them all. He becomes drunk. Randy passes out from all the drinking.
Sean was getting fed up with his town. He had been hearing so much about robberies and things like that. Then one night he heard about a shooting in town. That pushed him over the edge. He decided right then to move as soon as possible.
I got a new watch for my birthday. I wore it everyday. One day it rained all over the watch. I was so sad because it stopped working. Fortunately, I got another watch for Christmas.
Brenda's dog was a husky. Huskies love to escape and run. One day Brenda was getting the mail, and her husky escaped the house. Brenda spent all day chasing her dog outside. She finally was able to catch the dog using food.
Cara snuck out for a party one night. She thought she was silent. But her little brother spied her and told on her! When she returned, her parents were waiting, furious. They grounded Cara for two whole months!
Mark was laying in his bed asleep. Suddenly, he woke up with his heart pounding. He had just had a really scary dream. For almost an hour, he was too unsettled to get to sleep. Luckily, he was able to drift back to sleep eventually.
Laura was so excited for graduation that she didn't sleep all night. The big day was here and she was giddy. She woke up the family extra early so that no one would be late. She pushed them all into the kitchen to eat breakfast. She dressed and left for the school four hours before the ceremony.
Sue just received bad news. Her dad has to have heart surgery. While the doctor was doing the scope, they hit an artery. Dad now has to wait until the aneurysm hardens. The date of the wedding may change.
I love butter! I went to the doctor and he said my arteries were in bad shape. I was eating too much cholesterol. He told me to stop eating butter. I decided to use olive oil which was just as tasty!
My doctor said my zinc levels were low. He told me to take zinc supplements. I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect. It turns out that I was taking zinc oxide which is not absorbed well. I switched to zinc citrate which increased my zinc levels quite a bit!
Fred notices that his bedroom is very warm at night. He decides to buy a fan to keep himself cool. Fred finds a nice fan to put near his bed. He loves having a fan. Fred is glad he bought a fan for his bedroom.
I was very sad about losing my marbles for many days. I went to school and told all of my friends. Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed. Later I heard Sally telling her friends that she had found my marbles! I asked her about the marbles, but she wouldn't return them.
A poor man went to the bank to beg for money. The teller said that wasn't how banks worked. Instead she offered him a job. He took a job as a bank guard that day. Overnight he robbed the bank of one million dollars.
We went to Saint Thomas for our honeymoon. We paid a lot for a luxurious hotel. Our hotel room was infested with large, Caribbean rats. We had to complain multiple times to incompetent hotel management. We finally received a refund.
Rick was biking around the neighborhood with his friends. Someone dared Rick to ring a stranger's doorbell and run away. To avoid being teased, Rick gave in and pranked one of his neighbors. He felt bad about it the rest of the evening. The next day, Rick went back to the house and apologized to the owner.
Tim and Kate had been married for decades. All their kids were grown ups. They realized the love had left their marriage long ago. They both decided it would be best to divorce. Tim and Kate stayed on amicable terms.
Tim was in a big cage fight. It took place in a high elevation city. Tim wasn't prepared for the high altitude. Tim ran out of cardio early on. He was destroyed toward the end of the fight.
Today Logan is going to the Library. He is going with his Grammy. They look at many books. He wants to check out 3 books. He has to get a library card to do so.
Last night I kept getting facetime calls from my sister. The phone would ring and they suddenly stop. When I called back it went directly to voicemail. I was beginning to worry. She called to say that her phone was making random calls by itself.
Tim was cooking pasta. He boiled the noodles in a pot. Water started pouring out from the pot. He had put too much water. Tim cleaned up his mess.
Ava heard something rumbling outside her house. She peeked outside and saw a big pickup truck. She watched as it crept down the street. She called the police and reported the suspicious truck. They said they would keep an eye out for it.
Tim moved into a new apartment. It was really close to a train track. The train would drive by twice every night. It was really loud and annoying. Tim had to learn to sleep around it.
Clara had always flown in coach. One day, an airline bumped her to first class! She was so amazed that she wasn't sure what to do with herself. She got free drinks and food and a hot towel. Clara decided she could never go back to coach.
Jane liked to take pictures. SHe got a new camera for Christmas. She wanted to learn to take really clear photos with it. She practiced every Saturday. She was really getting good!
Kia's baby was very fussy. He cried off and on all night. Kia did her best to soothe him. She got very little sleep. She was tired all the next day!
Dominick is a smart boy. He did something stupid. He stole his uncle's iphones. Dominick got scared. He gave the iphones back.
Four masked bandits entered the restaurant. Each was brandishing a gun. The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor. The shortest bandit emptied the cash registers and the safe. All four left with no one getting hurt, and fled in a black suv.
Eli had a swim lesson. While swimming, Eli threw up. The pool had to be closed for cleaning. He felt terrible. The next day, he made sure he felt ok before swimming.
Kia started hanging with a bad crowd in high school. For a few weeks, they were fun and seemed exciting to her. But then one of the group's antics landed Kia in detention! Kia spent a long week thinking things through. Then she told the group she couldn't hang with them anymore.
Gabby was making rolls for dinner. She made the dough and popped them in the oven. Then, she got distracted reading a book. Soon, she began smelling a burning smell. She checked on the rolls and saw that they were burnt.
Allie dug a hole in the dirt. She placed the tiny seed at the bottom and covered it up. She watered it every day. One day a tiny green leaf broke through the dirt. Allie eventually picked the flower that grew from her seed.
I was out if cigarettes so I needed to go buy some more. I got up to look for my ID so I could verify my age. After looking for a minute, I realized my ID was lost. I began to search my home, but I could not find it anywhere. I drove to the store and luckily, I was not carded for the cigarettes.
A man worked in a convenience store late on a tuesday night. Suddenly a man rushed in with a gun and held up the store. The clerk gave the man all his money. A siren roared and the cops rushed in. The robber was tackled to the ground and nobody was hurt.
Tami was in the 8th grade. She was looking forward to starting high school. One day leaving math class she saw a flyer for Volleyball tryouts. They were for the high school she wanted to attend. Tami made up her mind to try out for the JV Volleyball team.
Tom was on a cruise with his family. He had wandered off and got lost near the galley. When he asked an attendant for directions he was handed a map. Tom spent four hours trying to find his way to his room. His parents finally found him at the entrance to the casino.
Jane loved baking. She had a perfect peach pie recipe. SHe made it for her new neighbors. They were blown away by the amazing taste. They asked her for a copy of the great recipe.
Gary loves eating Candy. He has a giant bag of candy in his room. Gary decided to eat as much of the candy as he could. He ended up getting sick. Gary got rid of the bag of candy.
Every August in Eagle Mountain there is a fly invasion. Citizens arm their homes with fly strips, traps, and swatters. The Larson Family armed themselves with a salt gun. If a fly came close, they would shoot it with salt. No fly escaped the wrath of the Larson's salt gun.
The man tried to start the tractor. It would not start. He spent all morning trying to fix it. His friend came to help. His friend told him it was out of gas.
Zoe loved playing at the house next door. There, she and her pal found the perfect dollhouse material. When her pal's mom got home, she was furious. She found her wallpaper sample books cut to pieces. Zoe grabbed the dollhouse and ran out the door.
We decided to get a party bus to do some wine tastings. It took us to the nearby wineries. We loved being able to try all the different wines. Everyone had a good time and no one had to drive. We are already planning our next one.
Kelly's boyfriend got her perfume for her birthday. Kelley thought it was a sweet gesture. She immediately put some of it on. When she tried it, she was disgusted. It was horrible.
John was taking his dog Chance out for a long walk. Jogging around the park, Chance kept barking at other dogs. Coming to a large fenced in area, John let Chance run around inside. Other dogs were there, and Chance ran around for hours until tired. The next day, John decided to head back so Chance could exercise.
Amy was going to a party. She spent 45 minutes applying her makeup perfectly. The party was outside and it was a hot summer night. Amy tried to keep cool, but she still ended up sweating. Amy was horrified when she looked in a mirror to see her makeup melted
Yesterday I went to Macy's. I saw a beautiful white dress that I loved. I immediately purchased it. However when I tried it on at home is didn't fit. Luckily I was able to return it.
Anna was selected to be a judge in a costume contest. She had to decide who had the best costume. The costumes were all pretty great! Anna had a tough time deciding, but finally she did. Then she cast her vote for the winning costume!
Felicia's folks wanted her to be a doctor, but she became a librarian. She was a children's librarian in a large city library. One day, her parents visited her at her job. They watched her interact with the children. They hugged her, and told her she made the right decision.
Kim's nephew loved Spiderman. When shopping online she spotted a silly string Spiderman web. She asked his mother if she should buy it since silly string is messy. His mother begged Kim not to purchase the web. Kim decided she would buy the web and let the kid play outside.
Jenna decided to start a diary. She started to write all of her secrets in the diary. Then Jenna hid it under her bed thinking no one would find it. The next day her sister was in her room and noticed it peeking out. Her sister opened it and laughed as she read Jenna's private secrets.
Elena woke up in the morning. She had a hangover from last night and felt sick. However, she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview. It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy. The boss thought of her as unreliable and didn't hire her.
April caught a caterpillar and kept it in a jar. She fed the caterpillar and kept it safe. After a few weeks the caterpillar spun a cocoon around itself. April waited and watched the cocoon to see what would happen. To her surprise, a beautiful butterfly emerged!
My friends and I took a roadtrip last summer. We drove out to the beach and a quaint little town. Both locations were pretty and serene. We ate at nice places and stayed a nice hotel. It was sad to head back home.
I went to Hawaii. I rented a surfboard. I paddled out into the ocean. I Stood up on the board. I caught a wave.
Fernando had always wanted to see the natural beauty of Maine. One day he decides to drive to Maine and see it himself. In Maine, Fernando tries the local lobster and other food. On the last day he is very sad to leave Maine. It has truly been the trip of a lifetime for Fernando.
Karl grew up on a farm. He raised a lot of sheep. One year, he sheared all of them in one day. Karl loved the memories he had of life on the farm. He wanted to raise his kids the same way.
Chad just graduated high school and didn't know what to do. He had no interest in college. He felt like he needed some purpose in his life. He joined the army. The army gave him the direction and purpose he was looking for.
She knew she was a failure. Her parents always told her so. She tried hard sometimes, but it did no good. They continued to berate and judge her. She gave up, knowing it was what they wanted.
Tim was coming home from work. He was walking up his driveway. He heard small voices from inside his home. He got very scared. It turns out it was his friends who threw a surprise party.
I grew a beard just to make my family mad at me. They want me to shave my beard, but I don't know why. I kept it trimmed and not bushy. However for whatever reason they always get on to me. Eventually, I always end up shaving it completely off.
Danielle is a very beautiful girl. So the girls in her school were very jealous of her. One day a group of girls decided to beat her up to ruin her face. Alexandra was one of the girls that punched Danielle in her face. Cops were called and Alexandria got in trouble for bullying Danielle.
Lenny wanted to go ice skating this Winter. His parents warned him that he could get hurt. Lenny ignored their warnings and went anyway. Lenny didn't know how to skate so well. He fell and broke his ankle on the ice.
Ed knew he had a math exam tomorrow. But he did not feel like studying. Instead, he went to the movies that night. In the morning he went and took his test. Ed failed his test because he had not studied.
Ariel was new at her school. She had a cousin that attended her new school. Ariel had lunch with her cousin. Ariel's cousin introduced her to new people. Ariel made new friends quickly.
Gary's dad told him the family was getting an exotic pet. Gary wondered all day at school what it might be. When he got out of school, he rushed home. He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen. Gary's family had brought home a potbellied pig!
Mary loved butterflies. One day she noticed several large caterpillars in her garden. She decided to bring them inside to protect them from birds. She put them in a terrarium with lots of leaves for them to eat. Eventually they metamorphosed into butterflies!
Zach had practiced for weeks. He was the star of the school musical. He wanted to make a good impression. On opening night, he nailed it. Zach was so proud of himself!
She sat down on the stoop. She felt lonely and exhausted. She had done everything she could. She picked a flower and looked at it. She wanted to just start over.
I work as a server at a local restaurant here in town. I greeted a table yesterday with my standard how are you guys doing? The table was three butch lesbians who weren't impressed. After they left, I noticed I got no tip. Later, the manager pulled me aside to tell me I was insensitive.
My friend Kaitlin is a determined figure skater. One day after school she practiced her routine for two hours. She got so weak that she landed wrong and broke her ankle. She was out for 6 weeks because of it. She wasn't able to compete in the semi finals.
Bob was not an honest man. Bob could not tell the truth. Bob told a lie to his boss. Bob's boss found out and fired bob. Bob is now on welfare.
I camped all day long. I went back to camp and made a fire. I tried to cook s'mores over the fire. The food melted too much and I had trouble. I finally got a few good s'mores and enjoyed them.
We always go bowling for birthday parties. It's my friend's birthday this week. So, I'm digging out my bowling ball. I'm cleaning it. I want to throw several strikes.
Tim was driving down the road when a dog ran right in front. He was forced to swerve and missed the dog completely. After pulling over to the side of the road he approached the dog. He read the dog's collar and found the owner's phone number. After calling the owner, he brought the dog back to his lost home.
The power steering on my car stopped working while driving. I was very worried about it and almost got hit because of it! I pulled over right away and called roadside assistance. They towed the car to a mechanic and I got it fixed. It cost me a lot of money but having a car is important!
I made a new website to share my ideas. I posted a link to it on a forum. There were few comments. Most of them were highly negative. I cried about the whole ordeal.
Zach needed a date for his brothers wedding. He went all over the city talking to girls. Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him. The wedding day came and she wouldn't answer her phone. This is happened before, Zach is very sad, but will enjoy the wedding.
There was a family of groundhogs living in our yard. They kept eating the green beans in our garden. We got a cage to trap them. We trapped thirteen groundhogs and released them in the wild. The groundhogs were happy to go to their new home.
Rena had a tattoo she didn't like. She made an appointment to get the tattoo covered up. She showed the artist the new tattoo she wanted to cover the old one. The tattoo artist immediately began working on the tattoo. One hour later,the new cover up tattoo was finished over the old one.
Our friend owns a restaurant. He is 55 and divorced. He tried to impress his employee, a 25 year old woman. He went racing down a hill on his bike and fell. The employee was not impressed.
Lea is driving to work when she receives a text message. She decides to reply to the message while driving. Her car starts to veer into another lane. She slams her brakes and causes a pileup of cars behind her. Several people were hurt due to her negligence.
The man went to the hospital. He volunteered his time. The patients treated him poorly. The man didn't appreciate that. He found another place to volunteer.
Gina was washing a bedspread. She started the washer, and went to the bathroom. When she returned it was almost full. She began to put the bedspread in the washer. The water made it float, making it hard to get it in the machine.
Tom loved computers. He used them for both work and play. His laptop was old and slow. He decided to buy a new desktop computer. He was very pleased with the fast and great computer.
Sadie had just had her pregnancy glucose test done. To her dismay she learned that she had diabetes. At first she thought she could never adopt the lifestyle. To her surprise though she managed it very well. Luckily the diabetes went away when her baby was born.
Andy's wife was admitted to the hospital for appendix issues. Andy decided he would stay in the room with his wife for the night. Andy wanted to be there to support his wife during her stay. However, Andy realized he would have to sleep in a small chair. Andy knew he would be in for a long night during his hospital stay.
Gina's jewelry had spilled all over the kitchen floor. She picked it all up and put it away. But one of her delicate shell earring was cracked. She realized she would need to handle it gently. Gina hoped it wouldn't break completely in two.
The talk show host made a speech. The audience wasn't interested in the topic. The host apologized to the audience. He changed the topic of the show right there. The audience applauded the host's bold move.
Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color. She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black. Frida paints each nail very carefully. When she's done, her nails all look great. Freda is very happy with her new nail color.
Tom bought a foreclosed townhouse. It was very cheap and Tom was a handyman. He fixed up the place real nice all by himself for very cheap. Within a year Tom put the house on the market. He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it!
Kate's friend Jan lived far away. They were rarely able to see each other. One day Jan's mom offered to drop her off at Kate's. Kate was pleased to see her friend. The girls spent the day walking around and recapping their week.
The lawn mower stopped working this morning. I tried to start it, but it wouldn't start. I went to walmart and bought a new one. I pushed it around the yard, but it didn't do a great job. I gave up and told my husband to call someone else to do it.
Jeremy was sitting at his desk. He went to take a sip of water. He felt something solid go into his mouth. He looked in the cup and realized there were some gnats in it. Disgusted, he threw the cup out.
Tim began running as a way to improve his fitness. His friend recommended listening to music during the run. Tim went out and bought a MP3 player. Tim added music to the device. Tim enjoyed running more with music.
Tim was taking a biology class. And he had a high grade. He felt confident that he didn't need to review for the final exam. But when he finally took the test, he felt confused. After he got a C, he made sure to always review before tests.
Hank was a great diver. He stepped up to the diving board to execute a dive. He slipped on the board and fell. He was so embarrassed! He decided not to dive in public anymore.
Barbara was so fat she couldn't reach her shoes to tie them. She hated shopping for clothes. She tried every diet she could but nothing helped. Then one day her doctor told her she had hyperthyroidism. She didn't want to take pills but she did and it changed her life.
There was a fight between two large families at the park. The kids were crying, and screaming by the time the police arrived. Now they were afraid their dads and moms were going to jail. Gina tried to comfort the kids the best she could. They stopped crying when the police left, and there parents remained.
Neil took a plane to Bhutan. There, he studied the mud huts of the indigenous peoples. Then he watched yaks in their natural environment. He tried Bhutanese food and bought local garments. He was so pleased with Bhutan's unique culture!
Jo was embarrassed by her family's weedy, littered front yard. The child determined to roll up her sleeve and make a difference. Jo pulled weeds, raked leaves, swept the walk, and bagged trash. A neighbor was so impressed, he brought Jo flower bulbs to plant. Flushed with pride, Jo saw the tangible results of her hard work.
There was a house with lots of fruit in their yard. Kate's brother told her the man allowed them to take the fruit. She decided to check with the owner first. It turns out he had more fruit than he could eat. Kate happily took home a bag of apricots.
Bart challenged Nellie to go a week without her phone. Nelli accepted the challenge. Bart checked in on her every day. She always reported success and was totally silent on social media. She actually cheated the challenge each day with phone web browsing.
Rex is on a date. Rex's date wants a teddy bear. Rex plays a game to try and win one. Rex wins the game. Rex gives the teddy bear to his date.
The seal came onto the beach. A person walked towards the seal. The seal got scared. The seal went back into Ocean. A shark ate the seal.
Timmy was making french fries. He cut up some potatoes. Afterwards, he put them in his deep fryer. Oil splashed on his arm afterwards. Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn.
Jason has always wondered what he would look like with a mustache. He decides to grow a full beard and shave everything but the mustache. His coworkers and girlfriend tell him that it looks awful. However, Jason is very pleased with his new look. He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier.
Maddie wanted to lead a healthier life. She began to exercise, and she especially enjoyed running. At first, Maddie could only run for a few minutes at a time. With practice, she was able to finish a 5k race with a good time. Maddie then felt strong and healthy, accomplishing her goal.
Fredrick and his Dad were excited. Today was the day they were going to take a ride on a boat. They arrived and got on the boat, ready to depart. The boat left the dock and sped off towards the ocean. They spent the entire day riding around and having a great time.
A new candy store decided to open up down the street. As a result I decided to check it out. I walked over there today to try some candy. When I went inside I was amazed. They had every candy imaginable.
Mary grew up looking forward to celebrating Thanksgiving. This evening, however, Mary was regretting the entire meal. Mary's in laws had come and were now critiquing her cooking. They asked her why such and such a food was so salty or not enough. At the end of the evening, Mary retired to her bedroom and cried.
Janice was doing great at the spelling bee. It was down to just her and one other person. Their final word came up. The other person misspelled the word. Janice knew it, spelled it out, and won the spelling bee!
Josh had a lot of hobbies. One of these hobbies included kayaking. One day, he went kayaking with a group of friends. His friends were less experienced than him, so he had to slow down. This ruined his time, and he decided to not go with them again.
Jim had a toothache for a week. He went to the dentist to have it checked out. The dentist said that he would have to pull the tooth. After the tooth was pulled, Jim was in no more pain. The dentist told Jim he needed to brush his teeth more.
Bob was always nervous when he couldn't make a decision. He looked at the data in front of him and was very overwhelmed. After much stress and sleepless nights he'd had enough. Bob forced himself to look at all the data one last time. He finally made a choice and walked away, relieved.
Dan wanted to learn to speak German. Dan bought books on the German language. Dan studied every single day. Dan spent a summer in Germany, immersed in the language. Now Dan is fluent in German.
Charles was skateboarding at the park. Unfortunately, he slipped and broke his wrist. At first, Charles was upset about the broken wrist. His mind changed when he got a bright and colorful cast. All his friends and family got to sign it and write messages.
Brandon had just qualified as a substitute. As he prepared for his first class, he was confident he'd do great. But when he stepped into the classroom, he encountered screaming kids. He tried to calm down the rowdy hooligans, but to no avail. As he went to bed that night, he was dreading the next day.
The balance of the economy was measured in great length. The economists decided they needed to help it. They raised interest rates to boost the markets. The plan didn't work. The economy went in the bucket.
It was summer and bugs were all around. But ben hated bugs. He did not want them in his room. He kept bug spray by his bed. He killed every bug he saw in his room!
Sara wanted to try out for the dance team. She was both nervous and excited. She had taken dance for years but had never been on the team. She finally decided to try out. She made it and was glad she did.
I was walking around with my baby in the living room. Suddenly, I heard my phone ringing and reached down for it. After reaching down, the baby began to slip from my arms. I dropped the baby to the ground and he began to cry. I picked him up and calmed him back down.
Tim's dad had been stressed from work. Tim wanted to do something special for his father. He bought his dad a brand new radio. His father listened to the news every morning. The radio allowed Tim's father to relax from his stressful job.
Delores invited some friends over. She was going to make them dinner. She cooked all afternoon. When the food was ready, they all sat down to eat. It was all delicious!
Bob was an extreme sport enthusiast. His favorite pastime was his gliding squirrel suit. He was getting ready for a jump at the Grand Canyon! He took a deep breathe, ran forward, and took the leap. The wind caught under his wings and he really was a flying squirrel.
Andrew was out fishing on the lake one Saturday. He hadn't caught anything all morning. Just as he was about to leave, he caught a bite. Andrew tried to reel it in, but he couldn't. The fish dragged the boat before breaking the rod.
Mary has been watching the OJ Simpson miniseries on TV. She decided she wanted to know more about the case. She went to the library and looked up different books. She found a book authored by Marcia Clark. She checked out the book and began reading it.
Eric wanted to make tacos for his family for dinner. He went to the grocery store to purchase the ingredients. When Eric got home, he realized he forgot to buy taco shells. Eric didn't have enough time to get back to the store before closing. He decided to make a taco salad instead.
Sean lived in a supersized mansion with every amenity available. Every weekend he gave some parties there to entertain his friends. But after a year of indulgence, he was bored. He sold the mansion and bought a winnebago. He traveled around the country free of every obligations.
Kay had gained too much weight and couldn't fit her clothes anymore. She decided it was time to slim down. She changed her eating habits cutting out all sugar and most carbs. She increased her walks from 30 to 60 minutes a day. Kay was proud to lose 50 pounds in 4 months.
In 2004 I was biking to work. A man opened his car door. I crashed into his door, hitting my shoulder. He apologized and gave me his business card. I did not ask for any settlement, as I was not badly hurt.
I rented out the spare room in my house. My new roommate would spend money like it grew on trees. When rent was due the first month he said he did not have it. The next month came and he spent all his money again. I kicked him out for not paying his rent two months in a row.
Morgan got his left ear pierced as a fashion statement. People told him it looked odd with a stud in only one ear. Morgan went back to the piercing parlor to get the other one done. The infection from a dirty needle necessitated amputating his ear. Morgan thinks he looks even less fashionable now.
A family came up to a painter. They asked him to paint them a great picture. The painter pondered for a moment. Then the painter went to work and painted the picture. The picture was of the family in a big group hug.
My wife had a retirement party on September 3. She invited an ex coworker, Mary. Mary said she would come, but did not show. Mary later texted saying she had gone out drinking the day before. She did not get up until the party was over.
It was the last game for Sam's varsity football team. Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year's old. All the seniors would be honored tonight. Sam's coach decided to play a junior in his spot. Sam was disappointed that he would never play football again.
Tom was into experimental music. Most of his friends didn't get it. He tried to put on a few shows but nobody showed up. He uploaded his stuff online and gained an audience there. He was able to do shows in other towns.
Taylor watched the sky darken. She went in and turned on The Weather Channel. Just as she turned it on, they were announcing a tornado warning. She rushed around to get to the basement. She heard a loud noise and things started falling, it was a tornado.
Cal wanted to buy a new television. He went online and read reviews. Cal decided on a television. He went to the electronics store. Cal bought the television he wanted.
Saul was a coach. He never won the state nationals. He spotted a gifted child in soccer. Saul coached the child to be a good player. When the time came, they won the nationals.
Simon loved going to the movies to see true stories. For this reason, his favorite genre was the biopic. When a new one was announced on someone he liked, he celebrated. Simon despised biopics that got too creative with the biographies. Simon imagined he might someday make true-story movies of his own.
Janie had a rough time at work. She got fired from two jobs. Then she opened her own business. A year later, she went bankrupt. Then she went back to college to become a nurse.
Matt brought home a cloth chair he found on the street. When Bob learned that it was from the street, he became distraught. Bob figured that the chair probably had bedbugs! Sure enough, bedbugs from the chair soon infested their apartment. They had to spend a lot of money and time on exterminating them.
Martin heard a noise. He looked up to see a man in a clown mask standing at her window. He screamed and ran upstairs. He called the police. When they arrived, they said he must have been imagining it.
I've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups. Right now I can do about fifty. I worked at it for months, doing some everyday. I also got plenty of rest and ate all good food. A few months later I reached my goal!
Singapore is a fun place to visit if you're in Southeast Asia. It has many different types of things to do while on vacation. Today my family plans to visit Sentosa Island. My sister and I had an argument on the way to the island. She said Dad would choose to play golf but I didn't think so.
Jessie talked in her sleep. Her husband thought it was very funny. One night he recorded Jessie talking in her sleep. He showed the recording to all their friends. Every laughed at Jessie after watching the video.
Tonya was out shopping with her little girl, Kelsie. Kelsie saw a bike she wanted and Tonya agreed to buy it. Kelsie couldn't wait to get home to ride it up and down the street. When Tonya was ready to pay for it, she was ten dollars short. The person in line behind her paid for the bike and Tonya cried.
Harry was a lonely man. A friend asked Harry if he would like to be set up on a blind date. Harry agreed to a blind date with a woman named Melinda. Melinda and Harry met at a coffee shop. After talking for a short while they each left the shop separately.
Bill was a great winning coach. Bill was wise, and won many ways. During his 30 year career, Bill won many awards. Bill got caught cheating others all throughout the game. At the end, Bill was also called a cheater for the rest of his days.
Abby worked as a Administrative Assistant for the company's CEO. However, Abby felt more like the CEO of the company herself. Abby's boss would pass on a lot of his responsibilities to her. In addition, while Abby was working, her boss would be playing golf. Abby was not pleased with the way that her boss treated her.
I finished a collection of short stories today. I started years ago, then stopped. I started again in 2011. I stopped until 2013. I wrote my 50,000th word tonight!
Vintra went to the lake to fish. She has been going there since she was a little girl. She had her own secret spot. She arrived to see her girlfriend there. Her girlfriend surprised her with a picnic.
Sarah won VIP tickets for a concert. She got to meet her favorite singer after the show. The singer showed up and was not nice. Sarah was devastated that he was not like she thought he was. She is no longer a fan of the singer.
Ashley was really bored on a Friday evening. Suddenly, the clock hit 5. It was now an acceptable time to drink. Ashley went to the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of wine. She opened the wine and got her night off to a good start.
Alicia was supposed to get the newspaper in the morning. But it was nighttime now and she forgot. She was home alone and did not want to go outside. So she had to call her friend to get it for her. Her friend was amazed at Alicia's laziness.
Tom took a great job in a new town. Tom was nervous about moving to a new neighborhood. When Tom arrived, several new neighbors came to help him move in. Everyone was friendly and helpful to Tom. This made Tom feel great about the decision he made to move there.
Rona wanted to go to six flags. She called up friends to do with her. They all pitched in money and rented a car. They arrived to six flags in style. They had the best day ever there.
The kids were working hard in the yard. They were building a giant snowman. They could barely lift the head! They decorated him with a carrot nose and some branches for arms. He was a great addition to the yard.
Earlier this year I realized I had too much debt. I researched what options I had to deal with it. I talked to several lawyers. We reviewed my situation and options. I decided filing bankruptcy was my best option.
I was out watering my lawn the other night. And I noticed all these kids talking and yelling. I thought it was odd that they were out so late. Then I realized they were playing the newest Pokemon Go game. I was just happy that they were outsiding getting some exercise.
Tim had to buy a textbook for his summer class. Unfortunately, he was short some money. He decided to ask his parents for some money. His parents agreed to give him money in exchange for mowing the lawn. Tim was able to purchase the textbook after mowing the lawn.
Alex was usually in the front of the line in class. One day the teacher reversed the order. Since Z was in front A was in back. Alex was shocked to be the last one in line. He finally understood how the other kids felt.
In May 1984, Philadelphia police had a standoff in West Philadelphia. A radical group named MOVE were the combatants against the police. MOVE had barricaded themselves in a home on 62nd and Osage Avenue. Shortly after 6:30 pm, the mayor ordered a bomb dropped on the house. Their house and an entire city block of houses burned to the ground.
Part of Mark's job was to train all the new people at the restaurant. Today Mark had to train Gina to be the hostess. She was shy on the phones and wasn't polite greeting guests. Mark decided that she was not cut out for this job so he fired her. Gina was sad and vowed to find a job she is good at.
Leon has a black cat. The black cat is very nice to everybody. One day the cat came up missing. Leon and his friends looked for the cat. The cat was found in a neighbor's garage.
Jarvis just bought a new shovel. Jarvis would spend his days digging for treasure. One evening, Jarvis found a treasure chest! Jarvis sold the find to a museum. Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure.
Joey and lance were planning a trip to vegas. They decided to go visit all the sites. They ended up seeing several shows. Joey played the slots  and Lance the cards. Joey hit it big on the slots it was the best trip ever.
Denise had never wanted to go to her senior prom. She didn't like large gatherings, and the dress would be expensive. But her mother insisted she should go or she would regret it. Once she was there, Denise actually had fun dancing with her friends. Though she still didn't enjoy big parties, Denise was glad she went.
Dan recently fell and injured his leg badly. Dan was taken to the local hospital for treatment. Dan's doctor decided to take an X-ray of the injured leg. After the X-ray, Dan learned he had a broken leg. Dan was saddened that his leg was broken because of the fall.
Lester has just started a new job at an upscale salad shop. His first position is to chop the prepared salads. Lester diligently chops salads all day. At the end of the day he is tired but satisfied. Lester is happy with his new job at the salad shop.
He sat there angrily, smoking a cigarette. He told me he hoped my heart was hurting. I nodded quietly, because it was true. I had never felt so much emotional pain in my life. I just wanted to run away from it all.
Roy had a very dirty bathroom. So he bought some industrial grade cleaners to clean it. His mother warned him about the dangers of such chemicals. He used the chemicals with no care. He ended up passing out and going to the doctor.
Miss Godiva went to Belgium for some chocolate. She tasted it and it was delicious. She ate and ate all day like a true glutton. When she tried to get on the plane back to France, she didn't fit. She was too fat to board and so lived in Belgium the rest of her life.
Rob was going to get ice cream at the ice cream stand. He saw a large furry dog. This dog had attacked him before. Rob threw him the ice cream cone to appease him. Rob wondered how much longer this was going to go on.
Fred bought a new puppy last week. But unfortunately he had to train it. Training the puppy was rather difficult. So he took it into a specialized center. A week at the center and the puppy knew everything.
Mary was in a new city for work. She was driving a rental car while she was in town. One day she was distracted by a work call and swerved. She ended up hitting a light pole, damaging the car. She had to pay a huge fee to the rental company.
Miranda loved watching tv. Yet she wanted it more on demand. She then decided to get a Hulu subscription. Miranda was thrilled with the subscription. She thought it was great.
Vicki noticed a white feather on the floor. She had no earthly idea how it'd gotten there. She looked around for a bird but saw none. Then it dawned on her and Vicki laughed. It'd come from her feather duster!
Tom was out on a date. It started to rain. Tom offered to run out to get his car. He picked her up at the entrance. Tom's date was very flattered.
Tim couldn't sleep in the dark. He needed a night light. Without it he would have nightmares. One day he was so sleepy that he forgot to turn it on. He realized he was now brave enough to sleep without it.
Jane invited her boyfriend over for dinner. She tried to prepare a meal but burned it. Jane decided to order out. She threw away the boxes and pretended she cooked the meal. The boyfriend fell for it and enjoyed it.
I overheard a couple of coworkers talking about me. They said mostly nice things. It was a pleasant surprise I look forward to working with them again soon. I will be just as friendly in return.
Jane went to her aunt's funeral. It was a sad experience. She started crying at one point. Before it was over she left. It was too emotionally draining.
Jane loved swimming. One day she saw her friend Nina practicing in the pool. Jane challenged Nina to a race. Nina accepted the challenge and trained hard for the race. Nina beat Jane in the race.
Ted was going on his very first date. Ted was very nervous in front of his date. They went out for Pizza. While eating his pizza he started choking. He ended up throwing up all over his date.
Rob found a kitten on the sidewalk. It seemed lost. Rob heard a meowing sound. He realized it was the mother cat. Rob led the mother cat to her kitten.
I was driving down the road. I stopped at the intersection. Suddenly, a truck rammed into the side of my car. I woke up in the hospital a week later. The doctors said I had broken six ribs in the car accident.
Larry has never taken advantage of the pool in his apartment complex. He decides to try the pool out one weekend. Larry swims laps in the pool for about twenty minutes. He leaves the pool feeling exhilarated. Larry is very happy that he has finally used the pool
My computer stopped turning one a few weeks ago. I wasn't sure what the reason was so I was very confused. I started troubleshooting it a bit but couldn't figure it out. I eventually came across the fact that it was my hard drive. I bought a new one a week later and reinstalled everything on it!
My band was booked to open for one of our favorite bands. We went to the bar that night excited to meet our heroes. Our favorite band stayed in their dressing room all night. After the show, they acted arrogant towards us. We learned that it is not always good to meet your heroes.
My Father was in the Army and was stationed in Hawaii. On weekend he took me to a Luau. At the Luau a Hawaiian offered my coconut milk. I tried it but did not like it and I spit the milk on the ground. I looked up and everyone was laughing at me.
Robert was a mischievous boy. His parents told him not to play near the ant hills in the backyard. Robert ignored their warning and approached the ant hill with malice. Robert started smashing the hill, causing the ants to land on Robert. The ants bit Robert, causing him to remember his parent's warning.
My neighbor Sue has a 2 year old granddaughter, Ann. Ann has low muscle tone. She was very slow to progress to walking. After much therapy, Ann just started walking 10 steps at a time. My neighbor was excited and told us the news.
My niece was concerned about her daughter last week. Her daughter got accepted to the University of Alabama. My niece lives in Boston and thought it was too far away. She tried to talk her daughter out of accepting. Her daughter said she was going to attend.
Allan and Fran have been married for 20 years. They get along and consider each other as a best friend. But they are no longer connecting as lovers. They have mutually decided to get a divorce. They both admit that they are better as friends.
It was Becky's first day of work. She already had been trained so this was the real deal for her. Becky went to her computer. Becky calls soon came in. Becky found that work wasn't that different from training.
Norma and Robert had only planned to have three children. After that either she would get a tubal ligation or he a vasectomy. But they neither or them ever got around to it after the third child. One day Norma had a suspicion confirmed by a positive pregnancy test. An ultrasound confirmed not only was she pregnant but it was twins!
Bri was invited to a wine tasting party. She agreed to go even though she did not much like wine. To her surprise though, she had a good time! There was more conversation than wine! Bri was glad she had given it a chance.
The sergeant said we would only be here for 6 months. My squadron has been here for 2 years. A radio announcement told us their leader was dead. The war has finally ended. I returned home after 2 years 1 month and 24 days.
Kathy had a very big test in her history class. She stayed up all night to study for it. When she went to take the test, she was confident she would do well. When she got the test, she didn't recognize any of the information! She had accidentally studied the wrong chapters.
I was sick of being afraid of my father. I decided I would not let him hurt me anymore. When he ordered me around, I told him no. I ignored him when he screamed at me. When he hit me, I fought back until he stopped.
Beth was having a hard time writing her term paper. She was trying to reach the word limit and coming up short. She even filled half the report with fluff. Beth eventually went online and found a relevant paper. Beth copied the paper into hers and submitted the plagiarized paper.
Jasper has always wanted to run a marathon. He begins to train by going jogging every morning. As he jogs more, he finds himself becoming stronger. Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon. He is happy that he successfully completed it.
Pablo was trying to get into Germany. He was detained at the airport. They checked his bag and saw he had a large amount of cash. Pablo insisted it wasn't his. They wouldn't let him into the country and he returned to Chile.
Darla was running late for work. She decided to take a shortcut. She drove a little faster than normal. Darla arrived at work right on time. She was relieved that she made it to work.
Gerard was an investor. He put lots of money into silver as an investment. The silver market crashed earlier this year. He decided to sell his silver. He bought gold with the money instead.
Mike loved planes, and he talked about them often. He said he wanted to fly planes someday. His dad feared Mike wasn't being realistic. But then after high school, Mike went into pilot training. He proved his dad wrong, and made his whole family proud!
Ali was at lunch when her friend pointed out a girl who hated Ali. Ali decided to find out why. She approached the girl nicely to ask questions. The girl answered with attitude and stormed off. Ali went back to her table no less confused than before.
Tom loved to run around his house. One day, Tom ran into a door. The door almost fell off the hinges. Tom got a large bruise on his side. Tom no longer runs around the house.
The phone vibrated violently next to Matt. He picked it up and looked at the screen. He would ignore the call. The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again. Matt sighed and answered it, knowing he would finally meet his fate.
When I was 5, my dad accepted a new job in Cleveland. We lived in Dallas at the time, so we had to move far away. We were worried about leaving all of our friends and family. When we moved, we found that everyone was very nice. We had no reason to worry, because we made a lot of new friends.
She seriously considered leaving that night. She didn't want to ruin all the hopes she'd built with him. She was terrified he would hurt her. She wrote him a letter, then erased it. She wearily stood up and went to bed instead.
The man stretched out on the couch in the doctor's office. His therapist listened closely to everything that the man told him. He made careful notation of one sentence in particular. His patient believed he was becoming a werewolf. The therapist smiled and knew the man was crazy.
In my junior year, I had to play without Tabby. It was the first summer after she died. The team wasn't the same without her. We talked about how much we missed her smile. We all knew we loved her.
As I grew up, I managed to break my knee on a trampoline. Day to day, this has effected me through how much activities I can do. As my life progresses, my knee gets worse and worse. Yesterday it gave out on it's own. I'm sitting in the hospital waiting for the doctor's opinion.
Sheldon recorded a lecture to help him study. Sheldon got home and listened to his recorder. The recorder was blank. He realized he forgot to hit the record button. He borrowed notes from a friend to study.
Tom was working late. He left right before the last bus home. Unfortunately it passed early and he missed it. Tom had no way of getting home. He decided to just sleep at work instead.
Stacy got up early one morning. She noticed she needed milk for the kids. She took a little trip to the grocery store. When in the darkness she spotted a big do in the middle of the road. It scared her so bad she turned around and went home.
Christian came home from school in the afternoon. He was very hungry because he did not eat lunch that day. He decided to make himself a snack. He went to the fridge and made himself a sandwich. He ate his sandwich and wasn't hungry anymore.
Malik was hiking in the woods. He came upon a skunk crossing the path. The skunk sprayed him with his stinky spray. Malik went home and washed himself with tomato juice. It made no difference, he smelled awful.
Brad was gazing in the fountain downtown. He decided to toss some coins in, for luck. He fished a few quarters out of his pocket. He made a wish as he tossed them into the fountain. Then Brad walked away, whistling happily.
Julie wanted to cook her boyfriend dinner. She decided to cook spaghetti. She made the sauce from scratch and boiled the noodles. She even grated fresh parmesan cheese. Everything turned out perfectly and he loved it.
Allie had a rich friend. Her friend was having a birthday. Her friend invited her on her private plane. Allie was so excited. She had never been on one before.
Aaron and Jake were best friends One day Jake was having a bad day Aaron notices this and wanted to do something He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
Caleb's family went strawberry picking. Everyone went out into the field with a basket to fill. Caleb ate one berry for every berry he placed in his basket. By the time his basket was full he had a terrible stomach ache. Caleb spent the rest of the day running in and out of the bathroom.
Dan lived in a small apartment complex. Recently, Dan invited some friends over to watch football. As Dan was going to take out the trash, Dan noticed something. Dan noticed his neighbor looking through his window. Dan was angry that his neighbor was so darn nosy.
Kim's boyfriend asked her to buy some batteries. She agreed to get them on her way home. She stopped by the store and got some impulse items. When she got home she realized she forgot the batteries. Her boyfriend made her go back for them.
Jessica takes up running in order to lose some weight. She hires a coach to help her begin the process. Her coach encourages her to participate in a race. She finishes the race and beats her personal record. Jessica is so proud and motivated that she continues to lose weight.
John had a problem,he was a thief. John saw  money his mother had left on the table. John took it for snacks. There was no money for dinner. Jack's snacks became his dinner.
The jug player for a band lost his instrument. Needing something to play for a gig, he grabbed a substitute. All was well for several songs. Then he passed out. The jug had previously contained toluene.
Sean and Glenn were hanging out outside. It was a hot summer day. They needed something to cool down. They decided to walk to the general store. There, they picked up cold ice cream to cool off.
Ron has been drawing all morning. He notices that his pencil is becoming dull. He decides to sharpen it. When it is sharp he resumes drawing. Ron continues to draw all afternoon.
The boy tied his shoe. His shoe came untied. His dad showed him how to double knot it. The boy did that to both of his shoes. His shoes never came untied accidentally again.
Anna did not have a lot of friends growing up. When she became an adult she felt the need to be included with people. She went out of her way to make friends and keep them. Anna would pay for her friends everywhere they went. Eventually she realized that they only liked her for her money.
Eddie Lampkin was behind on his mortgage payment. In the morning, an appraiser showed and demanded she do an appraisal. Eddie opened his door and let his German Shepherd attack her. She called the police and a dog catcher took Eddie's dog. Eddie got the dog back but it died of cancer a month later.
Gina hadn't grabbed a shopping cart at the store. She thought she could carry three gallons of water in a basket. Now she had checked out and needed to get the water to her car. She never used the plastic bags at the store. But today she had no other choice.
We had a great view of the fireworks. The fireworks went off with no one else around. There was room to spread out. All of the lifeguards got to sit in the water park. Everyone else was in a field nearby.
Tim needed to take a large test to graduate from high school. He was confident he would pass. However, Tim never studied for tests, including this one! Tim guessed all the answers, failed the test, and did not graduate. Tim learned that studying is important.
John was nervous for his first little league game. He was scared to play and wanted to chicken out. He knew that would disappoint everyone. The day of the game it got rained out. John was relieved but stayed nervous.
A teacher stood in front of the projector. The light reflected off his watch. The watch reflection was red. The students were distracted. They missed an important part of the lecture.
Amy was 60 years old when her company downsized. She found herself interviewing for the first time in 20 years. She became very discouraged with the job market. Her son offered Amy a basement apartment in his home for free. Amy cried tears of joy.
Justin was fixing his girlfriend's car. He wasn't familiar with the make of car. Justin was having trouble getting the car to start. He finally gave up. He brought the car to a mechanic.
Tommy was sick and couldn't go to school. He had his mom go to school to pick up his school work. Tommy's mom brought back a lot of work for Tommy to do. Even though Tommy wanted to do it, he was too sick to. Tommy will have to wait to do his work until  tomorrow.
I remember my football's team best comeback. We were down by 24 points in the final quarter. We decided to pass the ball on every play. We scored 3 touchdowns in 3 minutes and were only down by 3 points. We threw a Hail Mary pass on the last play and scored to win the game.
Tom was looking for Kenya on the globe. He looked at the top. He looked at the bottom. Finally his mother pointed it out. It turns out it was in Africa.
I heard a strange noise outside my window. I remember hearing that same noise a year ago. I went outside to investigate. There were two deer in my yard, mating. They were the ones who were making that noise.
Steven hadn't graduated high school. Even without a diploma he knew he was smart. He just couldn't get a proper job to show his skills off. He decided to go back to night school. He ended up sticking with school until he became a neurosurgeon.
Longshanks Jerb was a hermit. He lived alone on a mountain in exile. One day a group of kids finally managed to pry his secret from him. They asked why he was in exile. His response was only that he hurt someone he loved.
Ryan's cat wasn't feeling well. Ryan noticed his cat barely ate his food for the past two days. Ryan took his cat to the vet. The x-rays found that the cat had swallowed his favorite toy. After his stomach was pumped the cat returned to his normal self.
Jim was driving down the road one day really fast. He was pulled over and ticketed for speeding. Jim told his mother about it and she was furious. Jim's mother told Jim's father. Jim no longer has a driver's license.
Tom called his girlfriend to invited her to dinner. They had poor reception during the call. She heard a different time than it was. Tom waited for a while and then called again. They both felt silly over the miscommunication.
Joey dreamed of being a famous chef. He resolved to study very hard in culinary school. When exams rolled around, Joey became sick. He pushed himself to get through exams so he could graduate. Joey graduated and got hired at a popular vegan restaurant.
Tod put on his headphones and listened to really loud death metal. And the music helped him express his anger and anxiety. But after taking his headphones off, he head a ringing noise. He thought it would go away. But it lasted for the rest of his life.
Abby recently found the perfect house to buy. However, Abby's realtor discovered a issue after the home inspection. Abby discovered that the house had a cracked foundation. In addition, the cost would be over $50,000 to fix the house. Abby was heartbroken that she would not be purchasing the home.
The soldiers were talking to each other. Eventually, everyone started to pack up their equipment. John placed several handguns and grenades in his bag. However, a grenade fell out of his bag. It blew up in the middle of the equipment center.
Jed got a phone call from a woman enquiring about a gown. Jed listened to the woman and wrote down her design ideas. He spent a full week working hard on the dress, trying a few ideas. Eventually, he found an idea he liked and waited for her to arrive. When she showed up, she hated the gown and left Jed's store.
Melissa feared eels a lot. She hated them more than anything. One day, she went to the forest. Suddenly, Melissa spotted an eel. At first, she was afraid but then, Melissa wasn't scared.
Myla loved to dance. She enjoyed dancing all styles of dance. Myla began attending a dance school. She was scouted out at a recital and was offered a scholarship. Myla is now a professional dancer.
It was time for a beach volleyball match among friends. All of them have grown up playing. They started the first game. Hit after hit, each team kept up with the other. The first game ended with team one winning.
Amy, Ryan and Lisa got ready for the first day of Bible School. The church van picked them up and took them first, for breakfast. All week they did many crafts and learned Bible verses. After class they were fed lunch and returned home. A big play was at the end of the week with all parents invited.
Randy's favorite freetime activity is food eating challenges. Today, he was taking on a 2-pound burger challenge at a local shop. Randy started the challenge with lots of optimism. About half way through, he got full and couldn't eat anymore. He admitted his loss and promised he'd come back to try again.
Andrea was at the annual city kite fest. She saw a table offering kites. In order to get a kite, you had to donate canned food. Andrea had brought a can of soup. She donated and got a free kite.
Geni was unhappy with her and her husband's living situation. She wanted him to make more money for her and their children. She said she'd be happy caring for the children and home full time. Her husband got a better paying job, but is away for months at a time. She is still unhappy, and doesn't like caring for the children alone.
I walked into the kitchen to get some water. My dog came running in behind me. She stood in front of the freezer door, howling. She wanted some birthday cake ice cream. I took out a small cup and gave it to her.
Tom is a star football player. Tom's team gets caught letting air out of balls. Tom's team gets punished. Tom takes the issues to court. Tom loses in court and gets suspended.
I kept trying to get my nails to grow out. As soon as they got past the tip of my fingers, they got brittle. They began to peel in layers. I was annoyed because they were also breaking. I gave up and decided to keep them short.
Bob was clinically depressed. He felt like life was not worth living. One day, he decided to find a way to cure his depression. He realize that working with kids made him happy. He became a preschool teacher and cured his depression.
Yesterday a large storm swept the town. Immediately we lost power. It was terrible. My fridge wasn't working nor were my electronics. Thankfully we got it back today.
I play the piano. And I practice for a piano recital every year. I practice until I've mastered the song. Then I invite family and friends to my recital. And I play my song for them.
Betty loved to cook. She made everything from scratch. She found a recipe for hummus one day in an old book. She made everything right but couldn't figure out the garbanzo beans. Eventually Betty gave up because her beans were always way too hard.
I was playing a game of 5 minute speed chess. My rating was 1300 and my opponent's was 1175. My opponent was winning on material advantage. Suddenly under time pressure he started making mistakes. He lost on time in the end.
Jake was playing with his toys. He accidentally broke his favorite one. He cried a lot over it. His parents decided to replace it for him. It made Jake feel a lot better.
The wind knocked the satellite dish off the roof. On its way down, it skidded and tore shingles off. Cold, wet snow dropped through the cracks it created. Unnoticed for months, eventually the whole roof collapsed. The satellite dish suffered mere scratches.
Sasha had a crush on a boy in her class. She wanted to ask him out. She was too nervous so her friend did for her. The boy said yes. The two went on a date to the movies.
James was vacationing in Hawaii. He was going to ride in a helicopter over a famous waterfall! He tightened his seatbelt as the helicopter took off. What an amazing view! James was happy he had had this experience.
Elizabeth is a very proper woman. She is always very well-kept. One day she was walking into a store and saw a puddle. She tried to walk around the puddle but lost her balance. Elizabeth fell over and landed right in the puddle, getting muddy.
All Tom's life, he had only one dream for his future. No matter what, Tom wanted to drive an ice cream truck. He worked very hard to save up for his dream. Finally, after several long years, Tom had enough money. He bought the truck and started his business.
When Diana was sleeping, she woke up around 1 in the morning. She heard the sound of a motor outside. She decided to get up and see where the noise came from. Since it was towards the front, she opened the front door. The noise came from the neighbor cleaning his lawn.
Lacey made steak with two side dishes. When she was finished, she handed the food to the judge. The judge started to eat the stake. When he flipped the steak over, he was furious since it was raw. He dragged the plate away.
Kara was excited about her new phone. She had ordered it online and just needed to pay and pick it up. When she got to the store, there was a huge line. She waited forever. When it was finally her turn, her phone was gone.
Sam was attempting to study at his apartment. His roommate was being way too loud. Sam decided to move to a quieter environment. He drove a few minutes to the coffee shop. Sam was able to study in peace while having a cup of coffee.
The boys were playing king of the hill in the woods. The sun was setting and some could hear their mothers calling. They regrouped and charged one last time for the top of the hill. After some groaning and grunting a winner was crowned. They all ran home promising to be back tomorrow.
Buddy had a new gig. He was the lead singer in a jazz band. He loved to perform the classics for the crowd. When he finished his first set, he got a standing ovation. Buddy couldn't wait until their next gig!
All the girls on the trip unpacked their things. Lisa however was an exception. Lisa wanted someone to unpack for her. The girls thought she was ridiculous. Finally a wait staff helped her.
Peter wanted to win first prize in the science fair at school. His sister Greta was a biochemistry major in college. Greta helped Peter prepare an informative experiment about DNA. Peter was awarded first prize for his science fair display. More importantly, Peter learned he wanted to be a geneticist someday.
The man went to work. He heard he had a new boss. The new boss avoided him. The man wondered why. The new boss fired him at the end of the day.
Becky went out for a walk on the Fox River Trail. She saw many people and animals. One little squirrel ran across the trail. Right behind the squirrel was a fox! Much to the dismay of the fox, the squirrel ran up a tree and was safe
Otto needed a new bike. He had worn his out. He finally decided to buy a new one. He decided on one that was black and blue. He was so excited to ride to school on a new bike.
Greg was a mean and awful kid in school. He would tease whomever he could, and few people liked him. One day someone stood up to him. It was Gretchen, a new student that didn't take bullies grief. Greg got a black eye by the end of the day.
I decided to try a new workout. So I found a quick video. I ended up doing it. Then hours later I was in so much pain. I could never do that workout again.
I recently got a Netflix subscription. I have watched shows non stop now and haven't done much else. My apartment is a mess and my friends haven't seen me in days. My brother told me that I need to take a break and hang out with him. I had lunch with him that day and realized how much I miss fresh air.
Lillah wanted to learn a new song to sing. She went on the internet and searched for songs. She found several videos teaching the itsy bitsy spider. She watched the videos. Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family.
Nadine loved sweets. She ate two donuts every morning. She didn't care what kind they were, as long as they were sweet. Nadine decided to try an make her own. They were an amazing success!
Ben is a star football player. Ben is playing a huge game. Ben is laying it all on the line. While throwing the ball he gets hit. Ben falls to the ground and breaks his arm.
Grace tried to put a dollar into the vending machine. She pressed several numbers to select the snack that she wants. As soon as the lever moved, the machine restarted. The lever moved back in place however, Grace didn't get her snack. She walked away.
Lopez did not like celery at all. In fact, he had eaten it only once. One day, his friend suggested it to him. Finally, he decided he would eat a little. After that, Lopez ate celery almost every day.
Ben was going to the beach with his family while on vacation. He had never seen the beach before! He dreamed about the waves crashing against the shore. When they arrived, Ben ran across the sand. He played in the ocean for hours.
Marge didn't get along with a coworker. One day, she placed office supplies in the co workers purse. Security captured Marge on camera. Marge was fired on the spot. Marge learned a valuable lesson about karma.
The woman went for a run. Her legs were tight. She stopped to stretch. She started running again. Her legs felt looser.
Lisa, Sam and John McDowell decided to go on vacation. John had never been to Disney World, so they decided to go there. Lisa made the plane and hotel reservations. John packed the family's suitcases with everything they needed. Lisa, Sam and John boarded a plane on their way to Orlando.
Teddy was going on a big trip. He was headed to the rainy forest for the first time. He arrived and got off the plane. He made his way to the tour guide and the trip began. He saw so many amazing plants and animals, he was delighted.
Jacqueline felt she was underpaid for her work. She took on more and more responsibilities but received nothing. So to remedy that she went to see her boss with a proposition. He'd give her a raise and she'd continue working as she did. When he refused, she slacked in her duties in retaliation.
Our two year old granddaughter loves chocolate milk. Last week she brought her father's shoes to him. She put on her shoes. She asked him to take her to the store to buy some chocolate milk. He took her to the store.
John wanted to buy a new laptop. He went to the electronics store to pick one up. A salesman showed John his recommendations. He purchased a laptop the salesman recommended. John was happy with his new laptop.
Our mom took the family out to dinner. We ordered several dishes and began eating the,. In addition, the waiter delivered the bill after we are. Although my mom offered to eat outside, she told us that she's broke. I ended up paying for the bill.
Michael was driving to a concert. His car begin to make a loud noise. He decides to pull over and see what's wrong. He pops the hood and smoke flies in his face. He knows the engine is shot and calls for help.
I left my cell phone at work and drove home. When I realized my error I pulled over the car. I thought about turning around but realized it would be fruitless. I drove home and call my work using the house phone. No one at the workplace picked up.
Alicia forgot to vote early for the election. On Election Day the lines to vote were very long. Alicia had to stand in line for over two hours. Her feet ached and her head hurt by the time she got to vote. She told herself that she would not forget to vote early next time.
A train conductor was coming up to an intersection with a road. A school bus was on the tracks and he couldn't stop in time. He blew the train whistle to get the driver's attention. The bus driver heard and began to move his bus. The driver wasn't fast enough and the last 1/3 of his bus was smashed.
Victor was stuck in traffic. The car in front of him had stalled. He frustratingly pushed on his horn. To his surprise, no sound emerged from it. He repeated the action angrily, with no result.
Tom was trying to check his account balance online. He kept forgetting his password. Eventually he got it wrong too many times. Tom was completely locked out of his account. He had to fix the problem in person.
Bill yawned as he walked into his kitchen in the morning. He said hello to his cat who was eating at the food bowl. Then he did a double take. It wasn't his cat, it was a raccoon. It had come in through the cat door to help itself to breakfast.
Sean was spending fourth of July with friends. He was about to set off a roman candle. Suddenly just before the wick burned up, the rocket tipped over. The firework shot into the bushes. A huge fire was started, so Sean and his friends ran away.
I told him not to bother me anymore. Instead I started getting emails from him. When I didn't answer he started emailing my friends. He asked everyone about me constantly. My friends got sick of it and threatened him.
Timmy wanted to become a painter. He bought paint and brushes from the art store. He started to draw paintings of still life. He eventually became good at painting. He sold his work for thousands of dollars.
Andy brought his old toys into a Goodwill. He told the clerk he was too old for them. As he was driving home, he change his mind. He drove back to the store to retrieve them. It was too late, a child had already bought them.
Ray and Tina were at the mall. And Tina wanted to go shopping. Tina said she would only buy a few dresses. So Ray said he would wait for her. Two hours passed before Ray decided to leave.
Carl was always mean and rude. His friends usually put up with it. After a while Carl kept getting worse. His friends asked him to stop but he wouldn't. Eventually Carl lost all his friends.
Warner is a gambling man. He heads to the casino with his lucky quarter. He decides which machine to use. He picks his machine and puts in his lucky quarter. Warner lost his quarter but won $1,000!
Sally wanted to impress her boyfriend. She decided to cook dinner. She bought all the ingredients for spaghetti and meat sauce. As she was cooking she got distracted. She burned the noodles and had to order pizza.
Caleb was always mean to his sister. One day, he pulled her hair and pushed her over. Instead of crying, she took one of his action figures and broke it. Caleb was so shocked, he started to cry. Caleb's mother told him that that is why we should not be mean.
I once tried to help my daughter learn how to ride a bike. She have been begging me to teach her, every since I purchased it. She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand. We went outside and started practicing. After a hour of teaching she finally caught on and took off riding!
Neil had been in foster care since he was a baby. At age nine, he was placed with a very loving couple. Soon they decided to adopt Neil and become a real family. Neil was ecstatic when they told him. He was so happy to finally have real parents!
The pitcher threw the ball. It was heading for the batter. The batter ducked. The ball missed him. The batter felt shaken.
Cheryl wanted to learn to play a new online multiplayer game. She bought a copy and started training. The community of competitive players was harsh and unwelcoming. She became discouraged. Eventually she found a friendly server and played there, improving.
I got my son a puppy. It was a huge surprise. My son named him Buster. The two are always together. They have become best friends.
Malcolm was excused from class to take a test. After he finished, he was informed he had a very high IQ. Malcolm looked away sheepishly. The teacher asked him why he wasn't happy. Malcolm informed them that he had just guessed the answers.
Lacy was never a very attractive woman. She had trouble with bullies in school her whole life. She grew up a rather gifted fighter. She got in a fight one day and a gym coach pulled her aside. Lacy got signed up in a boxing class and showed a lot of potential.
Heather didn't feel good enough to mow her lawn. She was feeling tired because of her anemia. She offered money to her step son Christian if he would do it for her. Christian agreed to mow her lawn for the money as he needed it. The lawn got mowed, Heather felt better, and Christian earned money.
I like all animals, but I especially love rats. They're very smart and affectionate and love to engage with humans. So when I was given the chance to adopt some I took it! We had to drive several towns over to pick up the pair of brothers. A lot of work went into socializing them but they're model ratties now!
We saw Chinese movies in the 1960s. They rented time in a theater on Friday nights, after 10 pm. We were young but our parents took us anyway. We saw a lot of action pictures. We slept late the next morning.
Joe decided to go to the casino one day. He didn't have a lot to spend but he put a dollar in the machine. He pulled the handle and waited to see what he did or didn't win. All of a sudden, three sevens showed up and bells started ringing. Joe had won the jackpot and was very happy!
Jim burned CD's for extra cash. He would sell them to his friends. Billy asked him to make him a CD. Jim charged him twenty dollars. Billy didn't have that much money.
My Mom told me not to cut through neighbors' yards when coming home. I disobeyed my Mom and took the shortcut any way. I had a fence to climb over so threw my book which landed binding up. I climbed over and landed wrong on the binding spraining my ankle. The book happened to be a Bible for children.
Before we were husband and wife, my wife would teach me Spanish. She was in Venezuela and I was in the USA, so we talked on Skype. After almost a year she finally received a visa to study in the USA. She arrived at the airport and I greeted her. We instantly fell in love and two years later we married.
Mary and Joe have been together for Years. Joe has a big surprise for Mary tonight. He took her to a romantic dinner. He knelt down on his knee and proposed. She said yes!
Little Francis had to be sent to daycare. His mother looked up reviews for the best one in town. She signed Francis up for a couple of months. Francis made a lot of friends at this daycare. His mother was proud that she chose the best one.
Jim went to the same bar every night. The other patrons had become like friends with him. One night, Jim gets a DWI and has to go to AA. To ensure his sobriety she stopped hanging out at the bar. He never heard from any of his so-called friends ever again.
Bob sat down to do a crossword puzzle. He was able to fill in most of it. He no clue what the other answers were. Bob filled in the blanks with random letters. He felt that this was good enough.
Tom was applying for a new job. He gave them his number to call him. Tom never noticed the call when it came in. He was in an area with no reception. Tom wound up losing the chance to get the job.
Paul decided to go exploring. He called his friend Randy and they set off together. They found a creek and followed it upstream. They hiked along the creek until they reached a small spring. The boys waded in the cool, clear water.
Tom won a wine tasting at a local raffle. He loved wine. He was allowed to invite a guest. He took a girl he had a crush on. Tom had a great first date with her.
Gene loved fishing. One day while he was fishing he spotted a huge fish. Gene baited his hook and casts his reel. The fish took the bait and struggled against Gene for it's life. Gene reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip.
Lucas volunteered to do a fundraising campaign. He took several kids around the neighborhood to sell chocolate. Since he was shy, only a few customers bought them. The children were complaining about not selling enough candy. They had to return most of the candy.
Beth owned a nice home. The only problem was the roof shingles needed replacement. She could not afford it to be done professionally. She asked her son to do it. He replaced her shingles for her, and she was grateful.
The business of making money is a hard one. You can be a consultant or you can work by the hour. Sometimes making a new business is a good idea. But it can be a hard road. I'd you put in the work you can make it.
The weather had been terrible all winter. In the spring, there was a huge pothole on Jim's street. When they drove by, their car rattled around. Jim decided to patch it himself. He did a good job!
Leslie went to the mall to look for a purse to match her new dress. She tried every store, and nothing seemed right. As she reached the very last store, she sighed because she was tired. She went in anyway, and there right in front was a perfect bag. She took it to the counter and paid right away, and went home happy.
Elaine loved animals and was constantly talking about them. She begged her parents for a pet but they never agreed to get her one. When Elaine turned 10, her parents told her she could get a puppy. Elaine had to promise her parents that she would take care of the dog. Elaine picked out a puppy and named it Applesauce.
Paul hear about a huge blizzard approaching his town. The blizzard was coming up in just a few days. Paul hurried to the store to prepare. Almost everything in the store was already gone. Paul had to eat nothing but cat-food for three days.
Kate had lost fifteen pounds on her diet. She was very proud of her weight loss. But to celebrate, she did something strange. She ate a huge ice cream sundae! Kate knew it was important not to deny yourself all the time!
Jeremy rode on the school bus with his friend Molly. They always say in the last row. Usually they could talk together quietly without being interrupted. This morning they were doing just that when the bus was rear ended. Luckily there were no injuries as the accident was relatively minor.
Mark was short on money and decided to sell his old baseball cards. So he decided to scrounge around to find them. Mark managed to find his cards in his attic. After searching online, he realized his cards were extremely expensive. Mark managed to make more than enough money for his needs.
Sam wanted to buy a new microwave. He went to the store to check some out. He looked up reviews online. He found a cheaper price at a competitor. He had the store price match and bought it.
John and Amy were playing tag with some friends. John tagged Amy and she took off running. She ran fast, but not fast enough. Soon the others caught up to her. Now it was time for Amy to chase everyone!
Me and Travis went fishing on a huge lake. We caught a thirteen inch trout. We caught a ten inch salmon. We caught a two foot bass. We put all the fish into a bucket and took them home.
I decided to jog with some friends. Unfortunately, I was always the slowest. I decided to practice hard every morning. I practiced jogging for a month. Soon, I was faster than all of my friends.
Eve ended her relationship with Logan. Logan became very angry after the breakup. Him and his friends would randomly call and try to stalk Eve. Eve went to her cell phone carrier and had them change her number. Logan and his friends were never able to reach her again.
Kat is getting married to her fiance very soon. The stress of the wedding is overwhelming. Her mom is going crazy with preparation and it's too much. Kat snapped and yelled at her mom. She eventually apologized and everything was ok.
Marla decided she would make grilled cheese sandwiches for dinner. Halfway through making the sandwiches, the phone rang. Marla went to answer it, forgetting she was cooking. When the smoke alarm started going off, she ran for the kitchen. They were far too burnt to eat, so she threw them out and started over.
We went to dinner at the IHOP. It was Saint Patrick's Day. IHOP said short stack pancakes cost only $1 if we had green. My wife and I both had green shirts on. Dinner was fun that night.
Shayna loves to dance but she has trouble finding an audience. She has always been intimidated by performing in parks. Finally she overcomes her fears and dances in Central Park. The audience goes wild! Shayna will never be afraid of seeking out an audience again.
Two guys walked towards Haley. They were fascinated by her shoes. However, they tried to steal it from her. Her shoes were thrown in the sky. She became mad once they were tied to an electrical post.
I was watching TV. I suddenly felt very hungry. I got up to find a snack. I looked in my cabinets and found crackers. I went back to my chair with the crackers.
Susan noticed that her feet were really swollen. She went to the store and bought some water pills. She drank a lot of water throughout the day. Susan also did some light exercise. After a few days she noticed that the swelling in her feet had gone do
Jim wanted to lose weight. He got a gym membership. He was embarrassed to go at first. Eventually he got over it. Jim wound up losing several pounds.
The man broke his leg. He got some medicine for pain. He became addicted to the medicine. His doctor refused to prescribe him more. The man switched to illegal drugs.
Jonathan is beloved by his coworkers. He play a specific but important role. He fills the role perfect. He is suddenly demoted. Morale is shot and the company closes.
I went in an elevator inside a mall. I need to go to the tenth floor. I was inside the elevator with ten other people. I was the only one who needed to go to the tenth elevator. It was a very long wait.
Bill found some seeds in an old shoebox. He didn't know what type of plant the seeds were. He planted the seeds. After a week the seeds sprouted. It turns out that the seeds grew tomatoes.
I don't have any money to spend. I went on Mturk and found a batch of hits. I got excited and began to do them. I was able to earn some money to buy food. From now on, I'll be going on Mturk more often.
I was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Sandy hit. A lot of people had houses that were damaged in the hurricane. I was very lucky, there was no damage to my house. Our town did lose power for a week, however. Now I'm nervous every time another hurricane comes up the Atlantic.
Tina hated looking in the mirror. Her ears stuck out too far. She went to a plastic surgeon for help. They said they could pin her ears back. Tina was thrilled to finally get it fixed!
I wanted to go on a cruise as I had never been on one before. For 2 years, I saved money every month from my paychecks. I went online to purchase a ticket for the cruise. The prices had increased dramatically compared to 2 years ago. I wasn't able to afford the trip, so I bought myself a tv instead.
Kate and her friends loved everything about their hotel suite. Except Kate and her friends booked a suite with double beds. But this room only had one king sized bed. Everything up to that point had been perfect. She knew it was too good to be true.
Sadie was in a band with her friends. They were asked to play at the school's prom. The band was excited about their first gig. The band practiced hard in the weeks prior to the prom. Everyone loved the band!
Cris is assigned a project due in a month. He procrastinates until the last minute before starting his project. He calls a good friend over to help him finish his project. They stay up through the night and barely finish on time. Cris received a mediocre grade due to his poor time management.
Every year the football team has a kids day game. It is designed to get the kids more interested in football. Alcohol sales are restricted and it is a more tame environment. It sells out every year and is a big success. I'm thinking of bringing my boys to it this summer too.
We were sitting in the house playing games as a family. We heard a loud noise, but didn't think too much about it. Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed. We called the police to file an incident report. Later, we found out the neighbor had hit the car while backing up.
I planted an apple tree. I watered it everyday. It grew bigger and bigger. After three years, it finally produced apples. I have all the apples I need.
Ora wanted to go to public school. She had been homeschooled for ten years and was tired of it! Her mom refused to let her attend public school. But Ora kept begging, and finally her mom agreed. Ora went to public school and made dozens of friends!
Nelson hated his soccer practices. He would always rather be home playing video games. No one on the team was friendly toward him. One day he tripped and broken his leg. It was painful, but the ensuing months inside were heavenly for him.
Melinda's cat liked roaming the neighborhood. But when the storm started rolling in, she worried about him. She begged her mother to let her go looking for him. Because the storm was bad, her mother said no. The cat came back home two days later.
Rachel was walking through a hotel with her suitcase. She was walking along an indoor pond area. Suddenly, she tripped. Her suitcase fell into the pond. She checked and saw that everything was wet and ruined.
Mountain lions look scary on television. While hiking, Billy came face to face with a real mountain lion. They stared at each other for a moment or two. Billy was about to scream. But before he did, the mountain lion darted out of sight.
Amy had to clean her room before she could go out to play. She didn't want to spend her afternoon cleaning. Amy picked everything up and hid it under her bed instead. She ran outside, but her mom was suspicious about how fast she was. Amy's mom found her mess and made Amy come back inside.
Molly had ordered a printer online. She liked it, but she couldn't find the usb cable it required. She called the company and told them she had no cable. Luckily, they sent her a replacement cable right away. Soon she was able to use her printer without any problems.
Padraig was in Mongolia hunting for dragons. His friend Chechen told him dragons weren't real. Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt. After days, he found a large skull of a reptile. It was a dinosaur fossil, but Padraig was convinced it was a dragon.
Susie downloaded a new game on her phone. She wanted to finish it. But it was taking a long time. Finally she beat the game. It took her two days.
Billy started high school today. He has always loved school. Billy was nervous about being in a new school. He felt better after seeing his friends were there too. Billy had a good first day of high school.
Benny and Jester were the best surfers on the beach. They went out everyday and surfed. A storm came up one day and they went out anyway. Jester watched as Benny caught the biggest wave he'd ever seen. Jester filmed it and put it up on youtube.
JoAnne stopped at the store on her way to work. She bought gas and lottery tickets. When she arrived at work she scratched the tickets. She won a total of $500. JoAnne then took the entire day off work.
The little girl loved playing pretend. She would act like she was in a castle. She would call out to her prince. SHe wished a boy would play this game with her. When they all refused, she used her dog instead.
Anna's friend challenged her to a fight. It was an arm-wrestling match. Whoever lost had to buy the next round of drinks. Anna tried her best, but she lost. Grinning, she went off to buy their next drinks.
The lady prepared her meal. Three judges tried it. Two of them liked it. One of them thought it was trash. The lady berated the judge who did not like it.
Lacey was out riding her bike one day. As she was riding on the sidewalk, she hit a rock. The rock caused her to flip over her handlebars. She hit her head. Lacey had to go to the doctor and had a concussion.
I went swimming yesterday. I was very hot sitting outside. Therefore I decided to jump in the pool. When I jumped in it was freezing. I couldn't believe I did that.
Casey and his friends were going to the movies. They wanted to see one of the action movies. The movie they wanted to see was rated R. They weren't allowed to buy the tickets for the movie. The boys chose a different movie to watch.
Jon accidentally broke his TV. Jon was furious at himself for breaking his TV. He went online and ordered himself a new better one. It didn't arrive till a week later. Jon was happy when it arrived.
John had an alcohol addiction. John seeked help from his counselor. He also went to aa meetings. John met a girl who had the same issues. They form a relationship and both got rid of their addiction.
I love hanging out with my grandparents. I always visit them at their house. However, I cannot stand the house's odor. It is because my grandparents have a lot of cats. I tough it out, but I wish they didn't have so many cats.
Robyn has had a cold for almost a week. It just seems to be getting worse. She made an appointment with her doctor. The doctor checked her out and ran some tests. They found out she needed antibiotics that made her much better.
Annie takes a walk. Annie sees many new plants. Annie sees a neighbor. Annie sees a Robin. Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor.
Zaiden has a dog named Oakley. Oakley ran out the door when Zaiden opened it to go to school. Zaiden chased Oakley around the neighborhood, before he caught him. Frustrated and tired, Zaiden put Oakey in the house. Zayden was late for school.
Amy asked Beth to come to her house the day after Christmas. When Beth arrived Amy showed her the Chemistry set she received. Just then Amy's mother called her downstairs. When Amy returned Beth had mixed all the chemicals into one container. Amy never got to play with her new Chemistry set.
Rex loves to go skiing when it is snowing on a weekend day. However, one day his mother calls him to ask him to shovel her porch. Rex decides to skip skiing for the day to help his mother shovel. After a long day of shoveling, Rex decides he hasn't missed skiing. He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing.
Tom's refrigerator stopped working. He told his apartment's maintenance department about it. They couldn't fix it for over a week. Tom had a lot of food spoil. The apartment complex refused to reimburse him.
Bob really hated Mondays. He always had a hard time getting out of bed. Today he decided to put his alarm on snooze. He ended up oversleeping. Bob arrived at work an hour late.
Ashley tried out for the volleyball team at school. She did not make the team this year. The coach told her he needed to be better at hitting the volleyball. Ashley spent the entire off season practicing her hitting all day. The next year Ashley tried out again and made the team.
Robert's hobby is chasing storms. One day, he drove 300 miles to drive into the eye of a tornado. He went too close to the eye of the storm. His car was swept away by the tornado. The winds blew him over a mile from where he started.
The couple loved trying new foods. They went to the new sushi place in town. The food was excellent! They tried things they had never had before. It was a great experience.
Hailey found a caterpillar in her garden. She placed the caterpillar in a jar. The caterpillar turned into a cocoon. The cocoon hatched into a monarch butterfly. Hailey let the butterfly go outside by the garden.
Shelly was excited to see her favorite band in concert. She was chosen to meet the band backstage. Shelly got in line to meet the lead singer. It was Shelly's turn to talk to the man. She was so nervous that she couldn't speak!
I came home from work and my couch had been shredded. I could not find my dog. She had hidden under the table. I yelled at her for what she did. She cried the rest of the night.
Kevin loved to hunt. It was his favorite way to pass time. He had killed all types of animals. Kevin's living room was full of taxidermy. He was very proud of his hunting skills.
Rowan went into his backyard to play with his dog Harper. They usually play well together, but today was different. Every time Rowan threw the ball to Harper, Harper would not catch. Then Rowan realized Harper was very sleepy. They both decided to go back inside and have a nap instead.
One time I was drinking at my friend's house. He mentioned he could do guided meditation and I got excited. We set up everything and I closed my eyes while he spoke. I came back feeling very mellow and relaxed. I felt light and at ease for several days afterward.
After a week of waiting, the JV volleyball roster was posted. Amy ran from her junior high to the high school to see if she made it. There were tons of kids milling around the bulletin board. She waited till the crowd cleared and approached the board alone. Amy jumped for joy when she saw her name on the roster.
Robert got a great job offer to drive a forklift It started at 22 dollars an hour It was for the most part easy, and sitting It had great benefits He called the place back and accepted the job
Jo was happy to get a work study job in an office. There, she mostly made copies with an old Xerox machine. A professor asked Jo to make copies into a textbook for his class. Jo spent a week formatting and copying the pages for 200 books. She proudly opened a book only to see every other page upside down.
I met Mike when I was only 5 years old. I am now 40 years old. He is also 40 years old. I was looking at my friends list on facebook and realized something. Mike is my longest friend I've ever had!
Sue was a great cook. Her speciality was spaghetti. As she was cooking, she accidentally spilled a container of garlic. She was not able to scoop it all out. Luckily her family at the spaghetti any way and did not complain.
Laura decided to try to lose some weight. She worked hard to lose over 50 pounds. However, now her pants do not fit. Buying all new pants cost Laura a lot of money. Sometimes she wonders if it was all worth it.
Jim was shopping for his wife. Their anniversary was coming up. Jim knew his wife wanted new earrings. Jim bought her a pair of beautiful earrings. His wife loved them.
The Bennett's got a fresh chopped tree for Christmas. They bought it in the house to decorate. As they were wrapping lights around it they heard a noise. All of a sudden a squirrel popped out. They were able to shoo the scared little animal outside.
Gary sold an item on eBay. He went to the postal office with the package. He asked it to be sent. They told him to tape it up. He taped it up.
It was a very rainy day. I wanted to be safe so I drove extra slow. When I tried to step on the brakes they did not work. I was hydroplaning because I stepped on the brakes to hard and fast. I crashed into another car and hurt somebody.
Phil loved road trips. He took a long one almost every year. His friends would pick a random place on the map and go. This year they chose to go to the Grand Canyon. Phil got stuck at work though and was not able to go.
Cora was very thirsty. She was sick of soda. And she was out of juice! Finally she decided to just drink tap water. It quenched her thirst just as well as soda or juice!
Harrison woke up one day and decided to check his e-mail. Then when he went to his bedroom, he could not find his laptop. Harrison checked his entire house for hours. After many hours he called his mother. Finally, she stated that she had borrowed his laptop.
Cindy always wanted to be cheerleader. She tried out in the sixth grade and didn't make it. She was devastated. Cindy decided to practice everyday to get better. Later that year she tried out again and made the squad!
Tom bought a new convertible. It was a warm summer day. He decided to take it for a drive. Tom took a scenic route. It was pleasant and relaxing.
It is Shaun's fiftieth birthday in a few days. Shaun's wife plans a surprise party for him for Friday. She told him he had to be home early to meet the cable guy. Shaun left work early and arrived home at four o'clock. When he opened his door, his friends and family surprised him.
Jane loved going dancing. Her husband didn't know how. Jane convinced him to take dance lessons. They both went twice a week. After a while Jane's husband was a decent dancer.
Sally was on her way to her parents Christmas dinner. She passed a homeless man she always saw and invited him along. At dinner, the man told incredible stories. He was so grateful and enjoyed his new friends. Sally felt really good about what she had done.
The Smiths lived near a national forest. A forest fire started near them and was approaching their house. They were told by the fire department that they had to evacuate. They gathered whatever belongings they could and drove to a motel. They felt fortunate when they heard that their house was unharmed.
Rona was doing research into natural language processing. She used crowdsourcing to increase the size of her sampling data. She warned her workers to stick to reality, where animals can't speak. An earnest worker sent her a talking parrot as a gentle rebuff. Rona found it delicious, with a dash of pepper and a pinch of salt.
Chris had a headache all morning. He took some medicine but it did not help. He decided to take a nap. Chris napped for three hours. When Chris woke up he felt much better.
Trey was a world-famous dancer. He regularly travelled the world dancing for large audiences. One day he realized he was getting too old to continue dancing. Trey decided his next performance would be his last. After his final performance, everyone cheered loudly for him.
Tom was walking down the street. A homeless man asked him for money. Tom told him he didn't have any. The hobo didn't believe him. Tom didn't care and kept walking.
A woman ordered a chair online. It was marginally cheaper than buying it at the store. The package delivery service kept missing her, though. They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her. She spent more on gas picking it up then she'd saved.
One day Joe bought a lottery ticket. He didn't expect to win but he did! First he bought a new house. Then he bought a new car. He enjoyed his winnings and was smart with them.
I was outside the bar last night smoking. We were about to leave when someone asked me for a cigarette. I told them that was my last one. I actually had plenty more to give away. I just didn't want to contribute to other's poor health choices.
Jack asked Amy to go on a date. Amy agreed to go on a date with Jack. Jack picked Amy up at her home. They enjoyed the food at an Italian restaurant. Jack was pleased the date went very well.
Billy noticed that he had a fever and tried to stay in bed. His mom came to him and placed her hand on his head. She immediately took me to the emergency room. The hospital staff forced me to stay over night. I had to call off from work since I'll be in the hospital.
I worked last night. I wanted to watch the game at 7. An employee did not come in to relieve me. I listened to most of the game on the radio. I watched the last few minutes of the game at home.
Abbie entered her horse Captain in the County Fair show. She dressed Captain up to look like a princess horse. She walked Captain around the arena to be judged. Abbie tripped over some rocks and fell in the mud. Abbie was so embarrassed and left the fair.
Marcus was collecting shells on the beach. He picked up a large beautiful shell. He put it in his pocket to save for later. Suddenly he felt a sharp pinch. A crab was inside the shell pinching his leg.
Alex brought his new girlfriend to Good Friday dinner with his family. She made a few political jokes about liberals during dinner. Alex's entire family voted Democrat. The rest of the evening was very awkward. Alex broke up with his girlfriend soon afterward.
Grace had gone on a trip to Vegas. She went into several of the casinos. Grace ended up gambling away all her money. She had no money to pay for her hotel. Grace's mother paid for the hotel over the phone by credit card.
Dotty was being very grumpy. She had snapped at her husband, making him cross. He told her to go take a breather. Dotty decided to take a hot bubble bath. She felt much better afterwards.
A Hawaiian girl moved to a new school. She felt alone. She played her ukulele at school. Kids liked it. She formed a club for them.
Ginger worked in a supermarket. One of the customers dropped a jug of apple juice on the floor. The manager told Ginger to see about the spill. Ginger put up wet floor signs. She finished mopping the floor.
Peter wanted to adopt a puppy. His parents said they would let him as long as he did all his chores. Peter worked hard to do his chores all week. That Saturday they went to the pound and picked a puppy. Peter was happy to have a new companion.
Kate and Jan were at the library. They were both hungry since it was past noon. They wanted $4 nachos but each only had $2. They decided to pool their money and share. They sat on the curb laughing and eating their nachos.
Molly had just decorated for Christmas. She had put a snow globe on a bookshelf. She was out of the room when she heard a smash. When she ran into the living room, she saw the snow globe shattered. Her toddler had knocked the snow globe over.
I went to a dance and noticed a cute, pug-nosed girl. I sauntered on over and asked for a spin. She blushed and demurely nodded yes. We danced away the rest of the evening. And that is how I met my one and only pug-nosed dream.
Today my wife had a hankering for steak and cheese subs. Our favorite sub shop is only 2 miles away. We called them for delivery. They said we had to buy $100 worth of food. We ordered from the shop around the corner.
Linda was having stomach pain and cramps. But changing her diet didn't help very much. She read about the benefits of fasting. So she went for long periods of time without eating. By letting her digestive system rest, Linda's stomach issues improved.
Tom had a birthday party. He decided to drink too much. Tom got drunk right away and got into fights. He had people angry at him and then threw up. He passed and and woke up embarrassed.
Ken was putting up the Christmas lights on his house. He only bought enough lights to cover 90% of his house. When he realized he was short on lights, he drove to the store. Ken was dismayed when they didn't have lights that matched his lights. He returned home upset that his house would appear unfinished.
Nolan had always wanted to try rock climbing. He had hired an instructor to teach him the correct way. Soon Nolan felt comfortable to head to the mountains. He checked all of his gear and started the climb. Nolan reached the peak and felt very accomplished.
Dale wanted to buy a new car. He went to several dealerships. He finally found one he liked. He haggled with the salesman for a while. Eventually Dale bought the car.
Sarah was in her math class. She suddenly felt very ill. She started to vomit uncontrollably in class. She embarrassingly ran out of her classroom. Sarah took the rest of the day off for being sick.
When I was little I was playing at a friend's house. My brother came over to the house and told me Sesame Street was on. The friend told me and my brother that Sesame Street was for babies. My brother and I felt ashamed. We did not watch Sesame Street after that.
I love to go dancing with all my friends. We go out every weekend to dance. My friends are all jealous of how well I dance. I try to teach them all my moves, but they never get it. I'm really proud of how well I dance.
I was out shopping for Christmas this past weekend by myself. My husband called me, very upset about something on FaceBook. I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff. I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him. My husband calmed down and we deleted the tag together.
Gary wanted to build a new deck for his home. In addition, the deck needed to be done in two days. Gary decided he would ask his friends for help. Gary's friends came over, and helped him build the deck. Gary was pleased with the help his friends offered him.
I was at the bar last night. I just stopped in for a few drinks with a girl. She was cute and I wanted to get to know her better. I went to go sit at the bar and the stool broke. I fell on my butt and she laughed at me.
Last Thursday my wife and I had a free night. We decided to go out for dinner. After a nice meal we realized neither had money. We decided to just dine and ditch. It was thrilling and we got away with it.
Harry wanted extra money. So he had a yard sale. He sold a few items that he had a personal attachment to. And he missed them after they were gone. Harry decided personal items were more important than money.
Tom was walking in the park. There were a group of kids playing frisbee nearby. The kids threw the frisbee near Tom. The frisbee hit Tom in the head. The kids ran up to Tom and apologized to him.
Our daughter told us last Sunday she did not feel well. She felt stomach cramps. She is pregnant, so she went to the er. They said the baby was fine and she was just dehydrated. She got an IV and felt much better.
I was hungry. I made some chicken. I didn't cook it completely. I got sick. I realized I should make sure my chicken is cooked.
Bailey was nervous about kindergarten, but mostly about taking a bus. After a great first day, Bailey proudly hopped onto the bus home. Her mother waited anxiously at the bus stop as it got later and later. After several frantic calls, it was clear that Bailey had goofed. When a happy Bailey exited the bus an hour later, Mom just giggled.
Paul grew up in a well to do family but they didn't spoil him. Anytime Paul wanted something he had to earn it. When he was 16 he made shirts to sell so he could make money. Classmates liked his shirts and started buying some from him. He had so many sales that he opened a successful business at just 17.
The band needs to get on a plane. But the lead singer is missing. They look everywhere but nobody knows where he is. They finally find him at his favorite bar. They drag the drunk singer back to the plane.
Mark Anthony was an exceptional surgeon. One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something. A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient's vaginal cavity. He looked around and noticed his assistant Kristoff looked sheepish. Kristoff was sent home with a sore throat.
I placed my burrito into the microwave. I selected three minutes for the cooking time and walked away. After two minutes, I heard a large explosion. My burrito ended up breaking in pieces. I immediately took it out and started to clean everywhere.
I bought a candle to freshen the room. I lit the candle and it started burning. The candle said it was chocolate flavor. After a while, the room smelt like meat. There was an error in the candle but I had to live with the smell.
Emma really wanted a dog. She looked at pictures of dogs every day. Finally, her parents agreed to get a dog. She went to the shelter and picked out a brown, fuzzy puppy. Emma and her new puppy were very happy together.
Norm joined his company's kickball league. His team consisted mostly of people who couldn't kick well. He volunteered as a pinch kicker. Norm's team didn't win very often. But among the members of the team, Norm was a hero.
My boyfriend and I were walking along the beach. He asked me to hold the car keys as we were walking. I accidentally dropped the keys into the water. The alarm remote was attached to the keychain. When we got back to the car, we couldn't disable the alarm.
Jason and three friends went fishing in Colorado. One guy said the fish in the river were small. A second guy, however, said he once caught 100-pound Trout. Jason felt a tug on his line so he pulled hard. The fish pulled back so hard Jason fell overboard.
Tom's girlfriend was very disorganized. Tom decided to get her an organizer as a gift. Tom's girlfriend felt insulted by the sentiment. It turned into a big fight. Tom had to take the organizer back.
Gregory wanted to make a big first impression at his new school. He went out to buy new makeup. The morning of school he used his best makeup routine. Everyone at school loved his makeup. Gregory made a lot of friends at his new school.
Fred noticed that his nails had grown long. He cut them as short as possible. And they no longer bothered him. But at dinner, he wasn't able to a jar of food. Fred wished he never cut his nails.
Allie decided to go shopping. She always loved shopping. She had loved the thrill of it. Finally she got a lot of new clothes. She couldn't have been happier.
I came home from work. I forgot to put my keys on the key hook. I could not find them again for days. I was unable to go anywhere. Now i always put my keys on the hook.
Jim was getting ready to go run. He could not find any clean socks. He looked everywhere in his drawers. He knew he had just done laundry. Then he remembered they were still in the dryer.
Kate wanted mashed potatoes all day. She went to the deli at the store near her home to buy them. But they had sold out 5 minutes before Kate arrived. There were no more in stock. Kate hung her head and left empty handed.
The family took a trip to Alcatraz. The boat ride was bumpy and exciting. The cells were dark and scary. They imagined what it would be like to be housed there. They decided to never break the law!
Mike drove across town for a kickball game. The weather seemed very nice along the drive to the game. Mike arrived at the kickball fields and met with his teammates. The weather suddenly changed and stormed on them! The game was cancelled, forcing Mike to have to drive back home.
Joe has a math test tomorrow. He has studied all week. He decided he didn't need to study anymore. When he got to class, he froze up. He ended up failing his test.
We had a hot summer in Boston. Today my wife and I sat out on the bench. The temperature dropped and the wind picked up. My wife changed from shorts to jeans. We went back inside after a short time.
Fred was a young man with an attitude problem. He decided he wanted to spray paint his name on town hall. He was not very bright and used his full name. The police showed up at his door and he was booked for the night. Fred was forced to paint over his graffiti as punishment.
Bill is driving to work. His car begins to make a loud noise. He pulls over to see what's wrong. He opens the hood and smoke flies everywhere. He calls triple a and waits for help.
I cooked a pot of rice. I needed to warm it up on the stove. I turned on the eye of the stove. Within 2 minutes there was an explosion in my kitchen. I turned on the eye that had my glass dish sitting on top of it.
Tim was watching a movie on his laptop that was unplugged. When the movie was nearly over, the laptop had low power. Tim put his laptop down and searched for the right cable. He plugged in his cable just in time. Tim finished watching the rest of the movie.
A bee stung Scott on his foot. Scott is allergic to bees. That night, Scott's foot became very swollen. Scott was unable to walk the next morning. For two weeks, Scott used crutches to help him walk.
The mom noticed a stain on her new carpet. She scrubbed at it furiously. It wouldn't come out! She rented a carpet cleaner and it still stayed stained. The mom put an end table over the stain to hide it.
Melody has been asking her mom for a cat since she was little. Her mom finally broke down and took her to a shelter. Melody picked out a black and white kitten to take home. Her nose and face started getting puffy the second day. Melody is allergic to cats and the cat had to go back to the shelter.
Lisa loved to make lists. She had many colored pens for them. She liked to write things in different colors. When her list was done, she got to work on the tasks. She liked to check each thing off.
Katie was finishing up her last day at this high school. She was moving to a new district. Katie wanted to do something memorable. Katie climbed on her desk and started throwing confetti and singing. She was angry that she had to stay late and clean up.
James was at school. They were having an assembly about police officers. James got called on to come on stage. He got to meet the police dog. He really enjoyed the experience.
Mary started to bake a cake. She went to get eggs out of the refrigerator. They were all out of eggs. She sent one of her children to borrow some eggs from a neighbor. Mary baked the cake with the eggs borrowed from her neighbor.
My dog had puppies. It was cold outside. She came into the garage. She had one puppy outside. It did not survive.
Gary recently had a work trip to Arizona. Gary decided he would check the weather for Arizona. Gary was shocked to see some of the temperatures displayed. Gary knew he had to pack light colors for this trip. Gary was amazed that Arizona had such extreme heat temperatures.
My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon. We took our small boat and fishing equipment. One morning we went fishing for salmon. We saw orca whales and caught 8 salmon! We were proud of ourselves and had a great day.
On my first day of kindergarten my mom and aunt dropped me off. I was so excited and ready to play. The first girl I saw was playing with a farm set. I asked her if I could play with her and she said no. I was sad and stopped asking people to play with me.
Oliver took the salt from the kitchen. He brought it to his room. Then, he turned it upside down. Salt spilled everywhere. His mom had to clean it up.
The sky was dark and cloudy. Mom said a storm was coming. I watched the rainy fall down so fast. I could hear the rainy slam against the windows. I had never seen such a big storm before.
Jeff and Bert were twin brothers. They liked to play pranks on people. They interchanged their names often to confuse them. And when it was time to assign blame, they denied everything. Eventually, no one liked them and they were alone.
Sam was learning jQuery. She watched tutorials on youtube. After many months he became proficient at the language. Sam developed many scripts for Amazon Mechanical Turk. Sam ended up making lots of money from his scripts.
We had a low hanging tree in front of our condo. The children climbed onto it often. One day a 4 year old fell from the tree. She was not hurt, but we heard a big thud. Her mother did not let her climb the tree anymore.
Bill and his girlfriend Nancy had just had a fierce argument. They were at a club, and suddenly all the lights went out. The entire neighborhood had lost power, and it might be out for days. Nancy forgot all about the fight while they dealt with the blackout. As inconvenient as it was, Bill oddly felt a bit grateful.
We visited my best friend in college in 1982. We went to BE together but she moved to Oakland. I offered to help her and her husband renew their vows. I dressed up in a sport coat and read off a speech. They got divorced ten years later.
Kayla's cat was going crazy. Kayla had just given him a bunch of catnip. The cat ran all over the house and climbed the curtains. He was full of energy! Kayla hid the catnip so it wouldn't happen again.
A bear was harassing the camper. The camper complained to the ranger. The rangers hunted down the bear. They put the bear to sleep. They relocated the bear away from the camp.
Amanda loved to travel the world. She took many trips with her friends and family to different places. Amanda loved to explore places that she had never been. As a surprise gift, Amanda's parents sent her on a trip to India. Amanda loved India and explored it as much as she could.
Adam threw a summer party. His job was to man the grill. He cooked up burgers and hot dogs. Everyone loved his food. They all agreed it was a great party!
I decided to try out the new gym. It seemed to be a very exclusive establishment. I went in at least twice in the first week. Then I decided to cancel my membership. They insisted I cancel it in person.
Sam woke up for school and got dressed. He grabbed his jeans like any other day. When he got to school everyone laughed. He wasn't sure what they were laughing at. He looked in the mirror and saw he was wearing the wrong jeans.
As a kid I wanted to be a ninja. I would practice what I thought was Karate. Once I was playing with a mop handle as a staff. I tripped over the vacuum and fell into the trash. A coffee can lid sliced my hand leaving a scar across my palm.
Carl wanted to impress a girl at school. He caught her looking at him on his bike once. He tried to show off by doing a trick. Unfortunately he tripped up and fell. The girl laughed at Carl and walked away.
All the kids in my city are playing Pokemon. They have been passing by my house, which is a hot spot. Two young boys were walking one way, a girl another. They were staring at their phones, oblivious. The three ran into each other and one started bleeding.
Bob needed a box to put the parts of his bookcase in. He'd thrown out the original box when he'd bought it, years ago. Bob had just bought a dolly to help him move. He looked at the box it came in and thought it would be perfect. Bob successfully packed the bookcase parts into the dolly box.
Billy had a sweet tooth. He went to the corner store and bought a bag full of candy. When he got home, he gorged on his candy. Billy became hyper from all the sugar. After running around for a while, he conked out on the couch.
The Smith's were bringing home a new baby soon. They were worried about how their daughter would adjust to this. They read her stories and talked about what it would be like. The big sister got very excited when it was time to bring baby home. She even sang baby a lullaby her first night at home.
Jim's dog was walking with a limp. Jim took his dog to the vet. The vet said his dog had a sore leg. He told Jim to let his dog rest for a few days. Jim's dog felt better and was walking normally the next day.
Dori took the lawn mower out of the shed to mow the lawn. Suddenly she saw storm clouds on the horizon. It started to rain. Dori was disappointed because she could not mow the lawn as planned. Dori put the lawn mower back in the shed.
Carly was excited to swim at the local pool. When she arrived, she found that it was empty. Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool. She inflated the pool in her front yard and filled it up. Carly's pool is now the envy of all her neighbors.
Aya and her friends set up a Lord Of The Rings movie night. They decided to have a marathon and watch all three movies. They were sure they could make it through nine hours of movies! But by the end the second film, Aya and all her friends were asleep. They had tried valiantly, but all passed out during the marathon!
Rich is tired and wants to call in sick to work. He debates with himself for an hour while drinking coffee. After an hour of drinking coffee he is alert and awake. He decided to go to work. Rich is now an avid coffee drinker.
Rita wanted to become a comic. She was very funny. She was afraid to get on stage though. She forced herself to go on stage at an open mike night. She realized it wasn't as bad as she thought.
Maya was making rice for supper. But she got distracted. Soon she smelled something burning. The rice had blackened onto the pot! Maya had to soak and scrub it for a long time!
I'm a big fan of Calvin and Hobbes. I've been slowly collecting books of the comics over the Year's. There were still a few that I could never find. And there were some strips that had never been in a collection. Finally, ,my parents gave me a big leather-bound complete collection.
Kenny is swimming in the ocean. Kenny feels something tug at his leg. He looks down. A shark has a hold of his leg. The shark pulls him under and devours him.
Nick's favorite lamp broke one day. The only problem was that the light bulb was hard to find. He searched for a week to find it. A little store in the next town had the special bulb. He bought a pack of bulbs and now his lamp works.
Danny was visiting New York City from Alabama. Many locals were having a hard time understanding his accent. He asked the cab driver to take him to Museum of Natural History. He ended up somewhere in Staten Island! He made the most of it and rode the ferry.
Diana tried to study for Spanish today. She was frustrated since she wasn't understanding anything. She threw her book on the ground and ran to bed. The next day, she tried to study again. She ended up learning some information.
Last season I went to a baseball game. It was my first game to watch. As I watched the game it was actually quite boring. I had nothing to do. Finally I got to leave early.
Nancy was jubilant when she came out of her boss' office. She hopped and danced in front of her colleagues. She finally brandished the crisp twenty thousand dollar check. Everyone was flabbergasted. As bonus went, this one took the cake.
My friend told me that my golf swing needed some practice. He and I practiced honing in on my swing ever day for two weeks. By the end of the two weeks I'm swings are getting more distance. I'm actually hitting the ball further than my friend. My friend now admits that he needs more practice to keep up with me.
I went out to eat yesterday. I later had leftovers. I didn't like the leftovers. They did not taste good, I threw them out.
The town gathered in the city park. They were there in remembrance of their veterans. They held a memorial for the veterans who had passed away. THere was music and speakers. It was a wonderful way to honor the veterans.
Ken was trying to watch Netflix. The picture kept buffering. The image quality was low. Ken called his internet provider to complain. They sent out someone to fix the problem.
Barbara always she could to do anything a man could do. Thomas  bet that she couldn't change the oil in her car car. Barbara bought everything she needed to change the oil. Barbara couldn't break the bolt on the oil pan. Because he won, Thomas changed the oil for her.
Jane didn't drink but she wanted to fit in. At the bar, she asked the bartender to fix a mock cocktail. As Jane sipped it, she acted tipsy in front of her friend. When Jane went to the restroom, her friend went to the bar. She asked the bartender to make what Jane was drinking.
Sean was playing a tune on his guitar. He wanted some drums to back him up. He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it. She learned a basic beat quickly. Together, they were able to make a little song.
Allie tried to get a cab into the city from her house. She thought it wouldn't be that expensive. However later she was charged more than sixty. Allie couldn't believe it. She had spent most of her wallet.
Tom trained in boxing. He was going to have his first amateur fight. He went against someone much better than him. Tom got beat up bad. It made him give up boxing.
Matthew grew up with a dad that pushed him in sports. He thought he would grow up to be an athlete. Once he grew up he realized he wanted to do other things. His dad was very angry. Their relationship got bad and they no longer talked.
Dennis was studying really hard for the upcoming quiz. His teacher had made it clear that this test would dictate their grade. He studied hard every day writing down tons of notes. When he was taking the quiz he felt it was too easy for him. He ended up passing with an A+.
Jill wanted to make a fruit basket. It was for her friend Stacy. It looked beautiful. However, the dog knocked the fruit onto the ground. So Jill drew a picture of a fruit basket instead.
Sam was thirsty. His sink was out of order. He drove to the local grocery store. He bought 24 bottles of water. He was able to fix his sink the next day.
One day I was walking down the avenue in my city. Dodging garbage and junkies on a Saturday, out dressed for fun. With eyes on 5th street I lumbered out of an alley. That's when I saw a black cat cross my path. The day was done, I called my friend and told him I won't be coming.
Joe was really hungry. He wanted some breakfast food. Unfortunately it was past 11 AM. Then Joe remembered some fast food places still served breakfast. He wound up eating pancakes for lunch.
Matthew always completed his homework. One day when he looked in his yellow folder, it was missing. He began frantically searching throughout his bag for his homework. He then told the teacher that he lost his homework. The teacher was nice and told him to give it tomorrow.
My usual barber was out sick and her shop was closed. I chose a different barber for my haircut. This barber gave an odd look when I asked for a high fade. I asked him if he could do that and he said yes. He proceeded to give me a terrible haircut.
Today Pedro got to work late. As he was running into the building, his boss stopped him. He asked Pedro if he can meet him in his office. Pedro lets out a deep sigh and heads to his boss's office. In the office, Pedro's boss fired him for being late.
I sat there listening to him sing. I thought the sound was beautiful. Just knowing he was happy meant the world to me. I realized how much and how deeply I loved him. I knew in that moment I would do anything for him.
Sarah tried on her favorite jeans and found they were too tight. Sarah decided to weigh herself and discovered she gained five pounds. Sarah went on a diet and cut out sugar and bread for one month. After one month Sarah had lost four and a half pounds. Sarah was happy to be able to wear the jeans again.
Thunder could be heard outside of Joe's house. Joe could also hear his dog whimpering. Joe grabbed his dog and took it to Joe's bed. Joe cuddled with the dog to comfort it. The dog stopped whimpering.
Olivia is in high school. Her favorite subject is math because she is good at it. She doesn't like science and therefore doesn't study it much. She ended up doing poorly on all of her science exams this year. Because of this, she had to take retake science classes in the summer.
Coa needed some extra cash and begged her parents for money. They offer her $15 to clean out the basement. She sadly agreed, but as she cleaned, she brightened. There was a huge box of pristine old records hidden away there! Coa's parents agreed that she could sell the records for money!
With time, our son was beginning to lose his fear of stairs. We increased the weights he carried at his therapy appointments. He started carrying up to ten pounds at a time. He was no longer using the railing. I laughed and told the therapist he was doing better than me now.
Ana dropped her iPod in the toilet. She fished it out right away. Then she put it in a bowl of rice. She let it sit overnight. Thankfully, it worked again in the morning!
After cracking my old Stove. I went and purchased a top of the line Stove. It wouldn't work the first time I tried to use it. After hours I realized I didn't connect it right. Thankfully it's still working.
Tom worked for his employer for three years. Tom eventually got a better job and put in his two weeks notice. Toms employer refused to pay Tom his last check. Tom was very upset. Tom filed a class action lawsuit against his former employer.
A human once tried to eat meat. It was the first time he had tried it. He loved it. He told all his friends about it. They tried it too and liked it.
Kia heard there was to be a meteor shower that night. She spread a blanket on her front lawn. At ten PM, she went outside and lay on it, gazing upwards. Soon meteors were racing past overhead! Kia was awed by their beauty!
Allie tried to reach her mom. But then she realized something. Her phone was no longer working. Allie freaked out. She then had to find a pay phone.
Callie just turned 18. As a result of she wanted to register to vote. She couldn't wait. As she walked into the office, she registered as a republican. Callie was very happy.
The chef didn't know what to make for this week's special. He looked at all the extra food he had and tried to make something. He made a pasta dish and a salmon salad with fruit. The chef told all the waiters about what the specials were. Many customers loved the salmon salad but not the pasta dish.
The parents went on vacation. The kids threw a party while they were gone. The party created a big mess. The kids tried to clean it up in time. The parents new there had been a party.
Tavor Trevor liked flowers. He dreamed of one day owning his own shop. He saved up the money and got his affairs in order. Only to have the stock markets crash again. Now Tavor sells beer in a supermarket.
James was climbing a big mountain. He went slowly and carefully with each step. At times he had to reach quite far to find the next foot hold. One time he almost even slipped. After five hours of climbing, George made it to the top.
Ron and Tim were brothers. They loved to do things together. One day, they decided to go fishing. They fished all day. They caught many fish, and had a great dinner that night.
Candy got hired to work as a cook. The restaurant was newly opened. She did not know how to handle food properly. Many customers complained. Candy was fired from her job.
I had my college prom in The Field Museum The Field Museum is in Chicago. It has a rare gems exhibit. I went into the exhibit with Benjamin. He asked me to marry him, I said No.
Sam bought a new record. It played wrong when he tried to listen to it. He returned it for another. That one played wrong also. Sam realized it was the player that was broken.
I had a blind date. We went to dinner. It was awful. He refused to pay. I will never go on another blind date.
Allie hated going to lunch. She had the worst lunches. They were always so unhealthy. Allie begged her mom to change them. But she refused.
Kim loved mashed potatoes. Her aunt told her she would bring some from the store for her. Finally her aunt's car pulled up in front of the house. Kim greeted her aunt with a big smile and asked for Mashed Potatoes. Her aunt laughed heartily.
Brian was trying to write an essay to win an award. He went for a walk to think and saw a homeless men. The man explained that he still had hope despite his condition. Brian wrote down what the man had taught him. He won the award and used the money to help the homeless man.
Jane had been at her job for a while. She was a hard worker that got plenty of praise. Her bosses never gave her a raise, though. Jane was too shy to ask for one herself. She stayed making the same amount for far longer than she should have.
Charles had a lot of problems, but they all came down to money. He told his friend he needed to make a lot more money and fast. His friend told him to ask the sage how to get more money. The Sage was a 42-year-old man who never left the college campus. He told Charles to go to Las Vegas and get all the money he needs.
Ava is nervous about her sweet sixteen tomorrow! Ava never confirmed on all the preparations for the party. Ava mom assures her that her party will be perfect. Ava calls and confirms everything but forgot the cake. The day of the party Ava mom surprises her with the cake she picked.
The man liked to fidget. It made him look nervous. People didn't like to invite him to meetings. The man missed important information. The man's project suffered.
My parents had dressed me up in an awful Easter outfit. I was very mad about it and wanted to rip it off. They made me sit in grass and take a picture. I was so mad, that I refused to smile and put grass in my mouth. They still snapped the picture, and kept it to this day.
Lucy and her grandparents decided to watch a movie. Lucy and her grandpa were trying to decide what to watch. Grandpa always wanted to watch a western. Lucy was sick of westerns. Lucy and her grandma both voted to watch Funny Girl instead.
Sam was doing his physic homework. He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing. Apparently the page had been torn out. Sam was able to find a copy of the page he needed online. Sam completed his homework and got an outstanding grade.
Harry was at the mall. And he wanted something to drink. He saw a coffee shop and got a cold brew coffee. And he was instantly addicted. Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home.
When I was a boy, I rode my bike down a local hill. One day, I biked to the top of the hill, ready to speed down it. I began to pedal my bike quickly down the hill. Suddenly, my bike began to wobble, and I flew off of my bike. I badly scraped up my body and went home to treat the injuries.
JJ is on her way to a job interview. She leaves her apartment without her keys. She realizes she locked herself out of her apartment and car. She calls to reschedule the interview. They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her.
Shauna and Ryan are always competing for the highest grade in class. They have always been rivals in school. Last year Ryan had the highest marks. After the results were posted, Shauna let out a squeal. She finally won.
A farmer got up in the morning. He put his boots on. He went outside. He milked the cow. He went back to bed.
We went to the beach and saw people crabbing. We decided we wanted to try it ourselves. We bought the needed fishing licenses. The next week we went back to the beach and tried crabbing. We enjoyed eating the crabs we caught.
Bri wanted to be a cheerleader. She went to the tryouts. There, she did as many cheers as she could remember. The captain told Bri she had done a great job! Bri was asked to join the team right away.
Michael always felt the need to be sarcastic. He constantly made everyone around him mad. Even though he thought it was funny. He quickly learned they weren't just being sensitive. He sits alone because all of his friends stopped being his friend.
I first learned to ride my bike with my mom. In our backyard was this huge hill and at the bottom, several trees. I practiced by going down this hill towards the trees. If I wanted to save myself bad enough I would ride properly. I hit those trees many times but I finally learned to ride my bike!
Lucy and her friends loved baking cookies for the elderly. Every week they would bake a few batches and send them to the home. This week the girls decided to switch the cookies up. They thought it would be fun to make numerous types of cookies. When they delivered the sweets to the elderly, they felt good.
When we were in boy scouts we had to sell popcorn. We would go door to door trying to sell. Luckily some of the  people bought some. We then had to go around delivering the containers. It was a good way to raise money for the troop.
My grandpa has Alzheimer's, but he likes to go to the hardware store. Sometimes I walk down there to keep him out of trouble. We were browsing the shelves when he noticed toilets. He said he had to go and started unbuckling his pants. I had to fight with him to get him out of the store.
Becky always felt pale. Last Friday there were no clouds so she decided to tan. She went and laid outside for a while. Unfortunately she fell asleep. By the time she woke up she was really sunburned.
Kim got a new job in Chicago. She went to the city two weeks early to find an apartment. Kim looked at several different places. She found one in a nice neighborhood with a big balcony. Once her application was approved, Kim started moving in.
Jess became ill over the spring. Her garden became overrun with weeds during that time. Jess started working on her garden when she started feeling better. She replaced the weeds with flowers. Jess' garden was beautiful again.
I was looking for a second job. My friend asked if I could paint his house. I told him I would for one hundred dollars. He agreed and gave me the money in advance. I took the money and paid someone 50 dollars to paint his house.
Andy was playing at my house. His mother came over to pick him up. She was standing in the kitchen talking to my mom. He looked out the door and saw smoke coming from their chimney. She had left the stove on and caught the house on fire.
Amber was really hungry. She called her husband. He said he would get food. He stopped at Wendy's. Amber was mad because she hates their food.
Our cats are very spoiled. They get their favorite treats and toys and lots of love. When it is time to eat, they patiently wait at the feeding station. When their food is prepared, they purr the entire time they eat. After dinner, they snuggle in their hammock until it is time to play.
Ken was a ballroom dancer. He had a big contest coming up. Unfortunately he hurt his ankle. Ken wasn't sure if he could do it, but practiced hard. Eventually Ken felt good enough to compete.
The Denver Broncos played the Carolina Panthers last night. This was a rematch of Super Bowl 50. The Panthers were favored to win the game last night. Carolina led in the 3rd quarter but Denver came back. The Broncos won as Carolina missed a field goal with 4 seconds left.
Heather was very superstitious. She never walked on lines on the sidewalk and avoided black cats. As her birthday fell on Friday the 13th this year, she stayed home. She didn't answer the phone and her door bell. She waited for the whole day to pass until she could feel easy again.
Michelle and Ellen wanted to go shopping. They each needed to pick up some things at the pharmacy. Michelle had to find a new book. Ellen was looking for earphones. They both quickly found their items and promptly left the store.
Tim was a huge fan of a band. They were coming out with a new album. Tim had been looking forward to it for years. At first he didn't like the new sound. After a while Tim loved it.
Winter break ended and it was time to go back to school. Kelly was ready but quite disappointed. She knew vacation wouldn't last forever. The moment she woke up she didn't want to get up. The only positive was that she could see her friends.
Jake went dancing at a club on Friday nights. This Friday he met a girl who seemed different. He was nervous but he talked to her and got her number. The next day he could not wait and texted her. She did not respond, leaving Jake sad that she wasn't different.
My family was going to come visit for a few days. I had been working extra hours all week so my apartment was dirty. Leaving work earlier gave me extra time to clean the apartment. I mopped, dusted, and took care of the trash. When my family arrived they noted how clean my apartment was.
On a clear summer night Traci likes to look at the stars. Since the time she was a little girl she has been mesmerized by them. Her favorite constellation is the Big Dipper. She also loves the Aurora Borealis. If it's a clear night you know just where she can be found!
I wrote a song for my son after he was diagnosed. I called it Precious to Me. I began singing it to him every night. Last night, he stopped me. He put his hands on my face, and said thank you mommy.
Teresa took a trip home to see her family for Thanksgiving. She drove all night to make it. Unfortunately, she blew a tire on the trip. She managed to change the tire on the side of the highway in the dark. She was so relieved to make it home safely.
Pat was very ill. She had an IV in her arm. The hospital said the IV would make her feel better. Soon, she was feeling a bit more like herself. The fluids had helped a lot.
Ingrid injured her arm in a workplace fall. Her job sent her to a local hospital for treatment. Ingrid was not quite pleased with the care received. She got a second opinion and asked to change doctors. Happily, her job complied and Ingrid received the care she requested.
My father woke me up at 5 AM by slamming on the door. I answered and told him to give me five minutes. I splashed cold water on my face, threw on pants, and answered again. He told me he was just dropping off some mail and to go back to bed. If I had known that I wouldn't be up right now.
Laura and I wanted to go on a dinner date. We weren't really sure where to go. We both decided that we were very bored of the usual places. We decided on a nice restaurant that wasn't far away. When we got there we both really enjoyed the food and staff!
Tim wanted to check out the country side. A friend suggested taking a train ride. Tim was able to find cheap tickets. He booked a near week long trip. Tim saw a lot of the country and enjoyed himself.
Two old men were sitting in rockers on the front porch. One started talking about kids today. The other yelled at the first man for complaining too much. The first man refused to stop and kept rambling on. The second man took off his socks and threw them at the first man.
Jean was moving out of state. She packed up all her things, but couldn't take them all. I offered to keep some of her things for her at my house. She decided to let me keep her things and use them. We are both happy now.
I had a girlfriend in college in 1973. She wanted to do something different. We went into an adult shop. The items were too kinky and we left. We broke up in 1974.
Johnna always wanted to be a doctor. She had a child young, and had little extra time. She decided that she simply didn't have the time for a doctorate. One day, she applied to be a nurse and got the job. She loved it and considered nursing the next best thing.
Mark decided that he would travel across the country. He decided that he would begin walking in the morning. He ended up walking for 24 hours straight without stopping. He met a woman during his walk that admired his determination. After he made it across the country he married the woman he met.
Jerry got a call from his electric company. They claimed he never paid his bill. Jerry remembered sending a check. He looked around and found it between his couch cushions. Jerry sent it out properly this time.
He told her he had a fantasy. He wanted to travel to other dimensions. She told him he was crazy. He said it was just a vivid imagination. She refused to listen and broke up with him.
Sam decided that he wanted to ask Lisa to the prom. He had heard that she was free still. He had never had an opportunity though. It was fortunate that he was partnered with her during science. Sam was ecstatic when she told him yes.
Someone once came up with a clever idea. They'd use a crowdsource platform to create many sentences. They'd collect and collect until their data set was immense. Then they would pick some busy executives as subjects. They'd send each of them fives sentences, no more, no less.
Ed went to the same high school that his father graduated from. His dad had been a star football player at the school. Ed was good, but he didn't think he'd ever be as good as his dad. He had a stellar freshman year playing on the team. At the year end ceremony, he was awarded his father's old number.
Sean and I liked to ride our skateboards down a steep hill. We were ten years old. At the bottom of the hill was a river. Usually we stopped at the bottom of the hill. One day Sean jumped off his skateboard at the bottom into the river.
The third grade class walked into school on the first day. They quickly learned there was a new student in their midst. As the school year went on the new student became a bully. Finally they could take it no more. All of the third graders banded together to stand up to the big bully.
A man was running while listening to his headphones. He got so sweaty he ruined the headphones by getting them wet. He then went shopping to get new headphones. He searched long and hard for a great pair for running. He eventually found a wonderful pair of headphones for running.
Allison moved to her first apartment this week. She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy. She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved. She brought the puppy home and named him Bobo. Allison and Bobo are now best friends!
Dean ordered a chicken sandwich from the restaurant. The cashier gave him the order. When Dean took a bite of the sandwich, he yelled. One of his front teeth came out. He found out that the chicken was overcooked.
My sister-in-law's husband is an engineer. Once he fell thirty feet off a ladder. He was badly injured on top of a roof. He was transported by helicopter to the emergency room. He recovered fully and is back at work.
We went to the zoo last weekend. There were many types of beautiful animals there. I was given the opportunity to touch a giraffe. Afterwards we sat on a bench because we were tired. It was a fun day for the whole family.
Steven thought his music was too quiet. He bought a big speaker. It was so loud, his house shook. The police came and said he had to turn it down. Steven agreed.
The shuttle arrived to the school. When I got up from my seat, my wallet fell out of my pocket. It landed in a small opening. I called the lost-and-found when I realized this. Thankfully the wallet was reported found.
When John came to the country he had a really bad accent. No one could really understand him clearly. He asked me what to do to fix it. I wasn't sure but decided on just talking. After a few weeks his accent became a lot more mild!
Larry was tired after a long week of work. On Saturday he was happy to stay home all day. He ordered in a pizza. Then he rented a movie through the television. Larry had a great day of laziness and relaxing!
Cassie was reporting live on TV. She addressed several climate problems in the northeast. A bird flew behind her. It smashed the camera that was recording. As a result, there was a short delay on TV.
Kina and Emily were best friends. They did not have sisters of their own. Kina and Emily decided to be each other's sisters. They stayed very close through the years. Years later they still feel a sisterly bond.
Tabitha ran away from home one night. Her mom searched everywhere for her. Tabitha managed to stay hidden for a week. At the end of the week, police tracked her down. They brought her home.
Stephanie was interested in social media. She decided to start a Youtube account. Stephanie started uploading many different videos on her Youtube. One of her videos went viral. Now Stephanie is famous on Youtube.
Jules had a English test in the morning. She was worried she would not do well. She stayed up all night studying. When she got to school the next day, she fell asleep at her desk. Jules slept through her entire test.
Jackie and Andrea both had children under the age of 5. Both women really needed some time out of the house. They met at a new local restaurant for dinner and drinks. They got so caught up talking and enjoying their break that time flew. By the time they were ready to head home it was already midnight.
The man choose to serve the leader. The leader led the man astray. The man stopped believing the leader. The man killed the leader. The man took the role of leader.
Nancy was always yelling at her cat for spilling litter all over. One day she say her child playing in the box. The entire time her daughter was making the mess. Nancy had to get a littler box with a cover. She no longer had to yell at anyone for making a mess with the litter.
Kyle came over to help me fix my motorcycle. I thought the fuel line was broken on it. We drained the gasoline out of the tank before removing it. We inspected the line and replaced it. We put the tank on and now it is fixed.
Two years later, they moved to another state. He greatly missed his best friend. His mother bought him a communication board ipad. He used an app on it to speak with his friend back home. She was so happy to hear from him that she cried.
Lawrence always wanted to be an astronaut. He trained and studied hard. He passed the astronaut test on the first try. He was overjoyed to learn that his first mission would be to the moon. Lawrence flew to the moon and back on the spaceship.
A waiter at a restaurant was serving two businessmen having a meeting. He overheard them talk about a secret deal between two companies. He snuck away and bought stock in both companies on his phone. The business men tipped him only 10%. The waiter did not care because he knew he'll be soon rich.
Sally woke up at midnight. She told me she was hungry. I took her to the kitchen for a snack. We had milk and cookies. She is now back in bed.
Parents opened a savings account for their daughter. She saved her pennies. They deposited it every Friday. She began to see it grow. She bought a toy with her money.
John and Mary bought a new chandelier for their living room. They called electrician to plug it in. When he left they were enjoying a new look of the room. Suddenly, the chandelier fell down from the ceiling. John and Mary flinched.
Reba lived in a small isolated town. She had no car so liked to take the bus. One day she heard about a new line that would go out of town. She was so excited to try the bus line out. It was actually very helpful and became part of her routine.
Garry was bored on a Sunday. He walked out to his garage to grab his bike. When he walked outside, a man asked him for his wallet. When Garry refused, the man pulled out a gun and insisted. Garry gave him the wallet and then began to bike away.
I needed to find a job. But, I was scared of talking on the phone. When a hiring manager would call I would not pick up the phone. Thus, no one would hire me. I cried because it made me feel like a loser.
Zeke had a dog. The dog loved to play catch. One day, the dog's favorite ball got lost. The dog was sad. Zeke bought the dog a new ball and the dog was happy again.
Caroline stole the keycard. She snuck into the facility. She took a bottle of medicine off the conveyor. She then ran outside. She took the bottle and OD'd.
Justine was at her yearly doctor's check up. The nurse informed her that she was due for a tetanus shot. She agreed, bracing herself for the quick but painful prick. Unfortunately, the tetanus shot was a particularly painful one. Justine shed a tear at the pain and her leg was sore for days.
Ahmed was born in Egypt. When he was little, his family came to America. By working hard, he got accepted to a prestigious college. He studied engineering and got a good job after graduation. Now he has a family and a house of his own.
Billy didn't like that she wasn't getting many likes on Facebook. Billy started posting list articles with broad appeal. Suddenly she was getting a lot of likes on her posts. Billy decided that the likes were not for her but for the articles. Billy felt that barely any likes, but genuine likes, were superior.
John was starting a new job last week. He was really worried about it since it was very new to him. I told him that he'd do great and gave him some confidence. He went in to work the next day and everything went fine! He came home and told me that he did great.
Sara always struggled with math class. One day she got back a test with a big F on it. Sara was ashamed and vowed that her next grade would be an A. Sara studied hard and asked for extra help studying. Sara got back her next to with a big A on it.
My friend invited me to his house. I got in my car and drove for a few hours. I showed up and we went inside and had a beer. We watched tv and ate some pizza. I stayed the night and we talked for a while.
My favorite basketball team was playing in town yesterday. I went to the arena to purchase my tickets. I purchased tickets that were close to the court. My team played one the game. I jumped up and cheered!
Lisa saw a new chocolate shop at her local mall. So she decided to go inside. Initially, she was upset by the expensive prices. But she thought the chocolate there might be worth it. She bought a dark chocolate bar for $11 but instantly regret it.
Ben's friend got  a puppy for his birthday. Ben had lots of fun playing with his friend's new pet. Ben decided to ask his parents if they would get him a puppy. He was upset when his parent's told him they need time to decide. They decided to get Ben a puppy for his birthday a month later.
My son's friend Herb just came back from Texas. He is from Boston and went to TX for a year. Herb came back to live with his parents and younger brother Z. Z felt badly for Herb, as he had no job. Z gave him his arm bracelet to cheer him up.
I was cheated on by my first boyfriend. We were together for two years. One day, his father told me he was cheating on me. I broke up with him the next day, and never went back. I'm so glad I had the courage to leave.
A strange man with an accent opened a store in Billy's small town. The man smiled at Billy when he walked past on the way to school. One day, he beckoned Billy inside and showed him a stamp collection. When Billy told his parents, they forbid him from going near the man. When the strange man left town, they learned he was a war hero.
Nancy worked hard for many years. She wanted recognition for her effort. She visited the office of her boss. Her boss greeted her with delight. She received the recognition she wanted.
Miley had never had Indian food before. Her friends took her to try it. She was hesitant, but she tried everything they ordered. Some of it was too spicy, but some of it was great. She has a new appreciation now for Indian food.
Jim was at the mall. He noticed a cute girl walking by. Jim tried to go up and talk to her. She looked grossed out and told him to go away. Jim's self esteem was destroyed.
Jasper had always wanted to learn how to cook. He decided he wanted to try making linguine. Jasper found a recipe and practiced it many times. Finally he had perfected cooking linguine. He was happy that he learned how to cook.
Tom had a boxing match coming up. He felt sure he would win. Tom was doing well and feeling confident. All of a sudden he got caught by a stiff hook. Tom was knocked out.
Jackson was always a fan of beer. From advertisements to the many uses of beer. When he turned thirty he decided to buy a brewing kit. Doing research, and carefully studying his brew he waited. Until a few weeks later, where he had his own home brewed beer!
Sam poured himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast. But he realized someone played a prank on him. It was dog food. But Sam liked how it tasted. So he had dog food cereal the next morning too.
Suzy always had the most hungry cat. Her cat would beg for food all the time. Then one day the cat would not eat. Something was wrong. So she took her to the vet and they had to put her down.
Betsy got a new camera for her birthday. She went outside to take some photos. She took a photo of the bridge and the setting sun. On the way back home, she saw the sunset and took a photo. Betsy loved her new camera!
An accordion player played on the street. He was not very good. Some people stopped by and listened. Nobody gave him any money. But one person offered him money to stop playing.
The snake was getting hungry. The boy had purchased a gerbil to feed it. He took it home in a little box. He dropped it into the snake's aquarium. The snake quickly snatched up the rodent.
Mindy bought a fish on impulse at a grocery store. Despite the impulse she grew to enjoy her fish. One day she noticed her fish floating at the top of its bowl. Saddened, she did research and realized she fed it the wrong food. Mindy never bought a pet on impulse again.
Tim was at the park with his kid. He was pushing him in a stroller. The stroller hit a rock. Tim almost flipped over with it. He was only barely able to balance himself.
Rex had always worried that he wouldn't become a father. Finally he meets a woman and they fall in love. Eventually they have a son together. Rex and his wife raise their son with care. Rex is very proud to have become a father.
Johnson was a mean bully. He went to school on a Monday. He challenged Billy to a fight. Billy beat up Johnson in self-defense. Johnson won't fight anyone ever again.
The first time I saw the results of an accident, I was in a bus. We were stopped and a friend pointed out the accident on the road. A man was under a car after having been run over. People tried to move the car off him but only made it worse. After seeing that, I am much more careful when crossing the street.
The base of the computer was getting dusty. I went to find a rag to clean it off. I couldn't find one anywhere. I gathered up some laundry. I ended up washing a load just to get a rag.
Laesk wept as the fire grew closer. She didn't want to die, she didn't even know what would happen next. The flames continued to grow taller as she clutched her bear. That's when an axe came crashing through her door, then a fireman. The fireman grabbed her, and carried her to safety.
Julio wanted to impress the girl in his wilderness trip. Julio asked her if she wanted to play hide and seek. The girl was amused and accepted the challenge. The girl chose to hide in a location that was difficult to locate. Julio manages to find her and asks her on a date to which she accepts.
Jesse was a cop. He was patrolling the bad side of town. He saw a man being mugged. Jesse blared his siren. The mugger ran away and the man was saved.
It was Christmas with the family again. Mark brought the ham, and Jim brought the salad. All the food was set on the table ready to be eaten. The kids ate as fast as they could to get to  the presents. After dinner, the family started the presents, everyone was happy.
Today I went swimming at the lake. I was just about to jump in when I saw an alligator. I was very scared. I ran back to my house. I decided to never swim in Florida again.
John woke up late yesterday. He had an important meeting to get to. He had to rush out of the house. He had to drive very fast to the meeting. He made the meeting 10 minutes late.
In 1993 we took our kids to Disneyworld. We took the train there. Our first night, my son got sick and threw up. I stayed in the hotel room with him. Luckily he got better the next day and had a great time.
I went to the dog park with my black lab. My dog ate a lot before we left the house. Halfway to the park, my dog had to poop. I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop. I just left it there, and continued to the dog park.
Kia snuck her mom's makeup bag into school one morning. Before class, she applied lots of makeup to look grown-up. She thought her classmates would be impressed. But when they saw her, they burst out laughing instead! Kia hurried to scrub the silly makeup off her face.
Nathan was having his picture taken. He used a comb to make his hair look perfect. Then a big wind flew. Nathan dropped his comb into a puddle. His hair was going to be a mess!
Tara had recently gotten a check-up at the doctor. Her blood results indicated that she was deficient in many vitamins. Tara went to the grocery store and bought lots of vegetables. She started incorporating them in every meal. Tara's blood results were normal the next time she got a check-up.
Butch robbed banks in the year 2015 but pretended to be a pirate. He shot cannonballs through the bank doors to start off his show. Once the dust cleared he demanded all the money in the vault. Butch brandished a pirate sword to show he was serious. The teller handed him two sacks of cash and he ran off.
I was vacationing in Indonesia. I decided to go to the fruit market. I saw a kiwi. I had never had a kiwi before. I bought it and it was very tasty.
Bob was on a business trip. He was staying at a very low quality hotel. Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night. He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired. Bob fell asleep many times at his meeting due to his lack of sleep.
Debra was looking for her cat. Sam said she'd help her. The cat was on a tree. Sam climbed up the tree but fell. The cat jumped down the tree.
Ben looked outside and saw the snow on the yard. He put on his coat and scarf. Ben kicked open the door to face the snow head on. He took a few steps out and felt the cold. Ben ran to the mailbox and ran back as fast as he could.
Janet's new dress fit her very tight. She liked it and thought it showed off her figure. One night while wearing it out she bent over too far. It tore and she flashed everyone. She wears larger sizes now.
Tiffany wanted a new sofa. She went out and purchased a new living room set. When the new furniture was delivered she moved out the old sofa. Tiffany stored the old sofa in the garage and made a craigslist ad. After two months someone bought the old sofa and Tiffany was happy.
John had trained for the last 6 months to run a 5K. He knew he could do it, he just wasn't sure how fast he could go. When the buzzer went off, he started running. He passed some people while others passed him. He was happy when it was announced he was third in his age group.
Kyra had an email from a strange address. She decided to open the email. Kyra saw there was an attachment to the email and had gibberish text. She didn't download the attachment. She deleted the email in it's entirety.
Suzy was a three year old girl. She wanted the famous paw patrol toy. She begged her daddy day and night for it. One day her daddy took her to the store. Suzy was so happy that daddy bought her the paw patrol toy!
Hillary wanted to remodel her bathroom. She tore down the wallpaper. She ended up ruining the walls. It took a long time to fix. She really regretted her choice.
My old boss and wife have a summer place in Maine. His wife has seven sisters. Yesterday all of her sisters came to the summer house. My boss could not deal with it and left the house. He was on the beach all day.
Jimmy and his friends went to the local Italian restaurant yesterday. The boys had a good time. The only problem was that the food was cold. The boys sent the food back. Thankfully they got the meal for free.
Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books. She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was. She went to the store and bought some bookshelves. When they arrived she organized the books on the shelves. She was happy to have all her books organized where she can find them.
The Smith's electricity went out due to a lightning storm. Their kids were visibly scared. The Smith family decided to have fun with it. They pretended to camp out in the living room. This helped the kids relax.
Martin went for a drive. He was speeding. A cop pulled him over. He got a ticket. He tried to appeal it, to no avail.
We went out to eat the other night. A piece of meat got stuck in my teeth. I have a plate and did not want to take it out in public. I waited until we got home to use a floss stick. Taking the piece of meat out brought such a relief!
Brad wanted to get drunk for the first time ever. He was throwing a huge party and invited all his friends. They all got drunk as they could. Brad threw up all over the place. He woke up with a massive headache and learned to never drink again.
Tom placed a lot of value on food. He paid for expensive meals. He attended wine tastings. He met the love of his life at a wine tasting event. They had a lot in common and eventually married.
Ivy resolved to eat healthier, but then she balked. Fruit and fresh veggies were insanely expensive! Then she saw that bananas were cheap and plentiful. Ivy mixed a banana into her smoothie every morning. She raised her potassium - and her spirits!
Gary was trapped in his basement. He was starving but no one had rescued him yet. He had a few cans of cat food. Out of desperation, he ate one. It was disgusting!
My pet kitten is named Fluffy. My house caught on fire. Fluffy meowed until the family woke up. The whole family survived the fire. Fluffy was named hero of the day on the news.
Tim wanted to learn about different cultures. Tim was fascinated by Portugal as a country. Tim wanted to move there. Tim learned Portuguese by studying online. Tim eventually moved to Portugal and was very happy.
Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest. The girls competed against each other. They had to make the best tasting one. When it was over, Kelly won. She won a medal.
Betty always pays the bills on time. She keeps a calendar strictly for this purpose. Betty lost her bill calendar while packing her things. She became very worried that she would be late on her bills! Betty found the calendar in a box with her office supplies.
Jack was upset that an animal kept eating his tomatoes. So one day jack built a large fence around his garden. The next day he discovered that something was still eating his veggies. Jack was perplexed until he saw a burrow entrance inside his fence. Jack had not fenced out the thieves, he had fenced them in.
Bobby had an English test at school the next day. He was not prepared for it, so he hoped for a snow day. At bedtime, skies were cold but clear. He prayed for snow, then shut his eyes and drifted off. When he woke, there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school!
Ben's family warned him about his sweet tooth. However, Ben wasn't concerned. For the past week, he's been devouring Twinkies and juice. When he went to see the doctor, his doctor didn't look happy. His doctor told Ben that he's at risk for diabetes.
The Smith family had always loved boating. They regularly rented speedboats for a day out on the water. Eventually, they decided to take the plunge and get their own boat. After saving for months, the Smiths were able to buy their boat. They couldn't wait to take it out on the water for the first time!
Yesterday an old man walked into our Employees Only back room. He asked where we kept our guns. I politely escorted him to the Sporting Goods department. He was obviously senile and confused. The manager refused to sell him a gun.
Quentin is a senior engineering student. He recently tried building his own robot. Quentin spent months on the project, working on and off. His initial tests were last week. Unfortunately, he still has a lot of work to do.
The hijacker demanded everyone's money and a parachute. The foreign flight had no air marshals to oppose him. The pilot agreed to his demands. The hijacker was given cash and a large brown backpack. He only realized there was no ripcord as he hurled towards the ground.
Timmy was a 10 year old boy. Timmy watched a lot of TV. Timmy's favorite program was wrestling. Timmy begged his mother to stay up to watch a special match. His mom said yes and Timmy was happy to see the special event.
There were mangoes for sale at the store. They were very expensive but I bought them anyway. I cut into into one and it was black inside. Since it was so expensive, I didn't want to waste it. I ate it and ended up with a stomach ache.
I always wanted to learn karate. We spent a lot of time looking at different schools. My parents left the decision up to me. I chose the school that I liked the most. I have my first karate class on Thursday night.
Sara had a physics exam coming up. Sara is always nervous about science and math testing. Sara studied and studied all the physics material. Sara made sure to get a good night's sleep before the day of the exam. Sara nailed the physics exam!
Janet went for a walk in the woods. Along the way she spotted a unique wildflower growing on a cliff. She decided to pick some for her mother. When she turned around to come back, she saw a raccoon. After arriving home, mother was happy to see the wildflowers.
Tom wanted to write a book. He found himself preoccupied with other tasks. He never got around to writing it. One day he decided he was not going to do anything but write. He wrote and wrote, until he finally finished the book.
Jacob and his brother did not know how to swim. One day they were invited to a pool party. Jacob's girlfriend was going to be at the party. Jacob wanted to impress his girlfriend. So Jacob jumped in the pool and almost drowned.
Val saw Ali go to the bathroom. Val and her friend Kris followed her. Ali froze when she saw Val. Val was going to pummel this brat. Just when Ali's friend June came in and saved Ali from a fight.
Neil had just entered the country of Oman. He found the desert land to be enchanting. The women dressed beautifully and the men were friendly. Neil felt very comfortable in Oman. He wished he could stay forever!
Jill made a new friend mate Kate at school. And they decided to eat lunch together everyday. But one day, Kate began to yell and scream. And Jill became very embarrassed. Kate apologized for not telling her she had tourette syndrome.
Sally was really good at fencing. Even though she was good she could never beat Mary. Sally practiced all weekend long. The next time her and Mary fenced, she won! Sally is really happy she practiced all weekend long.
Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl. But he was very nervous. He did not know if his manners were adequate! His mom convinced him to go on the date despite his fear. Jim had a great dinner and was exceedingly polite!
Kay was hungry and decided to eat a Peanut butter sandwich. She had peanut butter in her house but she rarely ate it. When she bit into the sandwich there was an odd oily flavor. It turned out the peanut butter was old and had spoiled. Kay had to throw out the sandwich and the peanut butter.
Maurice was feeling her belly. She felt the baby kick. Then she felt a strong pain. She felt a wetness in her pants. She knew she was going into labor.
I woke up from my nap with horrible heartburn. I remembered that I haven't taken my medicine for a few days. I took one of my pills but still had heartburn. I searched the house for my antacid and took some. After about a half hour the heartburn went away.
Charles had packed everything and was saying his goodbyes. As he drove to the station he wondered if he'd see his friends again. He took the train and got settled in his new home. Three days later he received a phone call from his friend Steve. Steve was coming to visit so he would see them again!
Kate was going swimming in the ocean. Stupidly she wore her expensive earrings in the water. All of the sudden she freaked out. She realized her earring was lost. It took Kate one hour to find it.
Rich developed a weird lesion on his lower arm. Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer. Rich went to the doctor to be assessed. The doctor said it wasn't cancer. Rich felt utterly relieved and comforted by that news.
Carl wanted a computer badly. He worked for months. After saving up all of his money Carl bought a computer. He brought it home and began installing it. Carl spilled water on his computer and broke it, making him sad.
Matt had always found the court system interesting. His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school. However, Matt worked very hard and was eventually admitted. He worked as hard as he could in law school. Finally Matt became a lawyer.
I remember license plates easily. I was listening to my police scanner one day. I heard the plate from my mom's old hatchback get ran. That car had broke down 12 years before. It turned out someone had stole the plate from the junkyard.
Jane loved horses. She always wanted to get one. ONe day her parents took her horse back riding. Jane couldn't control the horse and was thrown off. Her love of horses went down after that.
The radio DJ asked his audience to make request for songs. A man called and demanded he play the Monster Mash. The DJ laughed because it was June and that is a silly request. The man tried to convince the DJ to play it by singing a few bars. The DJ appreciated the enthusiasm so much he played the song.
Tammy's son was getting older. Most of his clothes no longer fit anymore. Tammy put all of the clothes that didn't fit in a box. She donated all of the old clothes. Tammy bought her son a few new outfits.
Kelly was having a bake sale at her school. She loved having bake sales. She decided to sell cookies. At the sake, her cookies sold out. Kelly was happy and made a hundred dollars.
A young poor couple came into a restaurant. They ordered the cheapest thing on the menu. The owner saw that they needed help and gave them some free food. The couple was so touched and they thanked him a ton. All he asked was that they pass it forward.
It was Amy's first day in the first grade. She was having lunch in the cafeteria for the first time. She was able to choose her lunch. She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked. Amy felt like a big kid for the first time.
Every Tuesday, Yani and her friends have tacos. It's known as Taco Tuesday. Every week, they try a new taco place. This week they are trying a popular taco truck. The friends always look forward to Tuesdays.
Sam noticed his car had a leak. He looked everywhere to see where it came from. He narrowed it down to an oil hose. The leak was small but needed to be fixed. Sam replaced the hose.
Lisa felt really sick yesterday. She ask her mother if she could stay at home from school. Thankfully her mother agreed and told her to stay in bed for the day. Lisa took some medicine and slept for most of the day. Next day she felt so much better and could go back to school again.
My friend loaned me twenty bucks last week. I was going to pay him back today. Right as I was going to, I got a flat tire. So I kept the money to replace it. I've been avoiding him ever since.
It was a busy night at the restaurant. The bus boys kept bringing in dirty dishes to the dishwasher. He could not keep up with the flow of dirty dishes. The dishes began to pile up by the sink. Eventually the pile came crashing down and broke many plates.
Tom was out on a hike. He took a wrong step and fell. Tom felt his ankle break. It took him a long time to limp back. He had to get a cast at the hospital.
Aya loved sports very much, but she wanted a date for the dance! She knew she'd have to dress ladylike and wear makeup. For weeks she practiced looking feminine and acting sweet. Then a nice guy asked her to the dance, and she accepted! As they talked and danced, she learned that he loved sports too!
Kate's nephew loved the new game she bought for him. But he had no siblings to play the game with. Kate decided to play the game with him. But she had never played Xbox and was terrible. But her nephew was so happy to have her play he didn't even care.
The two desperadoes stared each other down, fingers twitching. All was silent but the wind through the dusty streets. Everyone waited tensely to see who would make the first move. Suddenly, one of them reached for his revolver holster and - BANG! Novelty red flags now hung from both of the comedians' fake guns.
Nicole live in a rough part of town. She was worried about her safety. She bought herself some pepper spray. She felt safer. She never had to use it, though.
The man saw a rabbit. He was hungry. He chased the rabbit. The rabbit outran him. The man sat down in defeat.
Sammy was addicted to coca-cola. She wanted to quit drinking it because it was destroying her teeth. Sammy felt terrible when she started to quit. She had terrible migraines that would last several hours long. Eventually, Sammy felt better and was able to give up soda for good.
Gina was driving home in the snow. She was considering getting on the highway. As she drove past it she could see all the cars down below. Gina was not in the mood to sit in traffic on the highway. She decided instead she would take the streets back home.
Tammy was running late for work. The kids were driving her up the wall all morning. Her eldest son, tied his sister to the front door. Tammy had to discipline her children. She arrived to work 15 minutes late.
Bill had just bought a new house in a new neighborhood. Bill began moving in when he found extensive damage to the house. Bill read up on the problems and watched instructional videos. Bill bought tools and went to work on fixing the house. Now Bill's house is in tip-top shape and worth more than he paid!
My family went to a restaurant on the Ohio river. It was a five course meal. People tore off pieces of bread. I had salmon and asparagus. It was the best food I ever had.
Rick and Nick were at the park with daddy. Something flew past Rick's face. Rick grabbed the flying thing. Daddy was upset when he saw Rick had killed a bee. Daddy took the boys and went back home.
My work has recently gotten hectic. I haven't handled it properly, and I'm taking it out on my friends. To take care of my problems, I asked for a few days off from work. As time progressed, I made amends and apologized for how I acted. Tomorrow I go back to work, and I can't wait to get back into things.
She sat at my feet. I looked down at her. She was staring very intently. I gave her a treat. She was satisfied and walked away.
Tom was driving home from a party. He took a wrong turn. He wound up driving down a dark and scary street. Tom tried to get out as soon as possible. He was relieved when he left the area.
Susie signed up for a video streaming service. She was quite content with it. All of the sudden her service blacked out. She had to call them. Finally it was fixed.
Ann had an accent that registered to many as lower class. She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent. Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through. Eventually Ann grew to resent concealing her full identity. She decided to go back to speaking like her normal self!
My wife's company outsources its IT work. A man comes into fix the computers on demand. This person seemed sadder the other day. He told the boss his daughter had been killed in India by her husband. Everyone offered condolences.
Sherry was ready to leave. She got a taxi to the airport. She headed inside to get on the plane. Sherry was told her bags needed to be further inspected. Someone put a gun in Sherries bag and she missed the flight.
Lucy was opening up a soap shop. She was rather nervous about it. It took her a few months to get everything ready. On opening night she finally opened the doors. To her delight, she got a handful of customers.
Lacy took a cigarette out of the pack. She lit up and smoked it. She felt guilty about smoking in front of her children. She put out the cigarette and said she would never smoke again. She smoked that night and cursed herself for no control.
Jim had a dream about a talking chicken. Jim used this dream to write his entry in the school short story fair. Everyone thought the short story was hilarious and fun. Jim won first prize in the short story fair. Jim's short story went on to be published in the local town paper.
Keith was planning on proposing to his girlfriend tonight. When Keith proposed, his girlfriend Jen called her parents right away. When Caroline's parents heard the news they were elated. Caroline was very excited and could not believe this was happening. Caroline could not believe she was going to be a wife.
Last week I went to buy supplies for my office. I went down to the supply store by myself. I got a little carried away and bought way too many things. I had to carry them out to the car by myself. I had bought so many things that I had to make two trips.
Bailey was a ballerina performing on stage. During a scene she fell in front of everybody. Bailey was really embarrassed. She promised to perform better the rest of the night. She ended the performance that night with grace.
Sarah wanted to be in Disney's Christmas Parade. So she practiced her dancing every day. She blew away the judges during her audition. She was chosen to be a jolly elf in the parade! Sarah had fun dancing down the streets of Disney for Christmas.
Cal's alarm clock rang out at the time he had set. But Cal was very tired from staying up too late. He meant to hit the snooze button. Cal turned off the alarm clock instead. He woke up very late and was late to work.
Susan is from Germany. Her stomach is very sensitive to foreign food. One day she ate American hamburgers. The beef upset her intestines. She spent much of the day in the bathroom.
Tom needed to take a physical science course to graduate college. Tom really hated and feared science. Tom signed up for physics. Tom found himself enjoying the physics class immensely. Tom got an A in physics!
Angel bought a fancy new SUV. It had four wheel drive and a moon roof. She was so proud of it that she drove it to work that day. Someone hit it in the parking lot! Angel was mad that the SUV was already damaged.
Michelle got into the car with Jimmy. They started driving around the block. A song came on they both really liked. Jimmy and Michelle sang along loudly with it. People on the street gave them strange looks, but they didn't care.
I saw a bird fly in and out of my garage throughout winter. Spring came along and I heard some chirping. Turns out the bird made a nest on a broom. I'm leaving the chicks alone. Hopefully they enjoy my garage.
I really needed some new music to listen to. All of the music I had in my collection was boring. I needed to feel inspired. I decided to go to a concert when my favorite artist played. The live sound gave me the refreshing feel I needed.
Jane wanted to learn how to sing. She knew she could carry a tune but her voice was not great. Her mom signed her up for voice lessons. Jane worked with her teacher every week. She finally was able to audition for a solo in her church choir.
Max had a math test and he was worried. Math was his very worst subject! But he studied hard and long. He put a lot of effort in, and he felt confident on test day. He found out the next day that he had scored 100% on the test!
Noah wanted a dog very much. His mother and father always said no. One day, Noah's mother and father took him out to the country. They went to a farmhouse with new puppies playing outside. Noah's parents let him pick out a puppy to take home.
Susan was watering her tomato plants outside. She noticed her tomato plants were not in good shape. The leaves were starting to wilt. Susan applied fertilizer to her tomato plants. They recovered in less than a week.
Dawn and her mother loved going to the bookstore on Tuesday's. This Tuesday they were trying a new one. When they walked in that fell in love with the new store. They each bought three new books. This would be the store they shopped at now for books.
Cynthia was looking for some money for extra luxuries. She sold some of the clutter in her house for a little money. She needed to find a source of more income. She remembered her aunt's old and ugly -but gold- jewelry. She took the gold to a gold dealer and got a large check.
Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year. The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller. Wayne spent the entire summer working on his speed. And he had a late growth spurt and grew three inches. He made the team the following year.
Ian is playing his buddy in a game of basketball. Ian makes a bet he could beat his friend for 20 dollars. Ian plays the game with his friend and loses. Ian is humbled and pays up to his friend. Ian won't be making any more bets in the future.
Mrs Johnson told Daniel to come straight home from school. Daniel stopped at the corner store for chips. Daniel left his money in his room. The store owner gave Daniel a bag of chips. But the owner called his mom to let her know.
I found a pair of pretty pink socks. They were designed with an 1980's retro style. I fell in love with them immediately. I bought several pairs of the socks. I wore them every day.
I really spend too much time and energy on social media sites. It has made me extremely unproductive at work. My boss had a suggestion or two for me. She suggested I keep my phone in my car when I'm at work. I've been doing that lately and have been productive.
Dave's eyes and skin were very itchy. He couldn't figure out what was going on! After several days, he wondered if it was related to his friend's cat. The next time his friend was over, Dave's symptoms returned. Dave stopped hanging out with the cat owner and got better.
Chrissy one day found a dog. The dog was pregnant with puppies. A few days later the dog gave birth to the puppies. With some help she was able to have every pup rescued! But she kept one, as her own personal pup.
Jenny was not about to go bungee-jumping. She thought it was a dumb idea. Why would anyone want to jump from a perfectly good bridge? What if they fell? She would stay where she was.
Gary warmed some soup. He brought it to computer. He tripped. He spilled it all. The computer broke.
Emily was excited to watch her first soccer game. Her dad took her to the stadium to watch the game. The ate hot dogs and nachos. The seats were at field level. Emily had a great time.
This morning I drank 5 diet sodas. I want to lose weight, so now I'm on my sixth soda. I am avoiding calorie laden drinks, but I can't seem to stop diet soda. It is making my heart race and I feel a little jittery. I hope I can sleep tonight.
Brooke was nervous as she turned in her medical school applications. Harvard, her top choice, had an admissions rate of eight-percent. She was worried that she wouldn't get in. One afternoon, she received a letter from Harvard. She fainted shortly after realizing that she was accepted.
I retired from job in 2012. Today I got a request from my ex boss. He wanted contact information on another retiree. I was able to find the information and give it to him. I feel it is always good to not burn bridges.
Jasmine bought food for the family today. Her brother promised to buy food next week. When it was Friday, he went out with his friends. He came home during midnight. Jasmine and her parents scolded him for not buying dinner.
Julie was walking to the store. She was going to buy a soda. She saw something moving on the ground. It was a snake. She almost stepped on it.
Ana and her friends liked playing basketball together. They'd play every Saturday at a somewhat isolated court. When they arrived for their weekend game, the court was gone! The town had torn it up because they thought no one used it. In its place the town had put a playground with swing sets instead.
One day some kids at school decided to have a rap battle. Alec and Ron faced off. People voted for who they thought should win. Everyone voted for Alec. Alec won the battle.
The Johnson's visited New York City this past Christmas. They stayed a hotel in Manhattan. During their stay, they complained of severe itching. The Hotel inspected their rooms and found bed bugs. The Johnson's checked out vowing never to visit New York Again.
Samantha really needed a haircut but didn't have much money. She asked her parents, but they didn't have much money either. She came up with an idea to raffle off her radio at school. She sold 85 tickets at a quarter a piece. It was just enough for a haircut, and now she looks swell!
It was Amy's first lunch in junior high. She was overwhelmed by the size of the cafeteria. After getting her food she looked for a seat. She was sad not to see a single familiar face. Amy sat at an empty table and ate lunch alone.
Kevin was playing a joke on his sister. He wrote a love letter and signed it from her crush. Kevin slipped the note in her backpack. His sister read the note. She recognized Kevin's handwriting and was mad at him.
John got a new high paying job. All his friends were excited for him. They all tried to message and call john. Unfortunately he was almost never able to reply. His new job took up most of his time.
Sara loved to drink soda every day and night. She drank so much soda that her teeth began to rot! She had to be taken into the hospital to have emergency surgery! Sara recovered and went home after a few months. Sara has never touched a drop of soda since that day!
Tim wanted to meet a nice girl to date. He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize. He met a like minded nice girl. They began dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.
Edna started a garden in her backyard. Once the seeds started sprouting, she couldn't wait to harvest. However, something was eating her beans and tomatoes! She couldn't tell what it was until she watched for a long time. Edna discovered that lizards were eating her plants!
I was so excited to get out of the house on my own. I moved in with my best friends. They throw parties all the time and I don't get enough sleep. I am regretting moving out of the house. My parents were never this loud and annoying.
Anna was shopping at the flea market in Cowlesville. She found a lot of old books to read. She also found new outfits to wear. Anna was surprised at her finds. She was really happy with her Cowlesville purchases!
George really like hot dogs. He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair. George signed himself up and trained hard to win. On the day of the contest, he was totally ready. George got third place in the contest out of 80 people.
Larry is working late tonight. All his coworkers have already left the office. Finally Larry completes the report he was working on. He emails the report to his boss and turns off his computer. Feeling exhausted, Larry leaves for the night.
Lola was baking muffins. She had poured the flour into a bowl with other ingredients. Suddenly, she checked the recipe and saw a mistake. She had used the wrong type of flour. She tried to bake the muffins anyways but they didn't work.
Billy was a toddler. He watched the movie Box trolls. He wanted to be just like the boxtrolls in the movie. His mother cut holes in a cardboard box for him. Billy wears his box troll outfit everywhere.
My family and I went on a camping trip for the first time. It was so exciting to see all the raw wilderness and neat animals. We seen a raccoon and the park ranger allowed us to feed him. The huge raccoon ate out of our hands which tickled as he did so. It was such a neat experience that we all enjoyed so much!
Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade. Today was her orientation. At first, she was overwhelmed and nervous. Luckily, the school put her in a group. There, she made two close friends.
Ella was a devoted student and always did her work. But one night she forgot her homework in her locker. The next morning she told her teacher what had happened. The teacher knew Ella was a good student and rarely erred. She let Ella have another day to turn in the homework.
Cary was obsessed with certain numerical configurations. He needed numbers in his life to come in multiples of five. He referred to such numbers as 'clean numbers'. Cary and his wife were having their third child. To his wife's chagrin, Cary declared that two more would be necessary.
Aaron was a waiter at a restaurant. When his friends would come in, he would give them free food. Another worker told Aaron's boss. Aaron's boss started to watch Aaron closely. Aaron was fired for giving away free items.
Tim likes mowing his grass. He mows it every week. His mower broke down a month ago and he hasn't been able to mow it. The city will fine him if he doesn't mow it by tomorrow. His brother brings over his mower and mows it for him just in time.
Max wanted to get stronger before starting middle school. Max asked his parents for a pair of dumbbells. Over the summer, Max worked out every day with the dumbbells. When school started, people asked Max if he had grown. Max felt so great that he had gotten stronger - and bigger!
Randy was very sick. He went to the hospital to be treated. When he got home, he got a huge bill. His insurance had denied his claim! Randy was stressed out and angry.
Nell's gym teacher asked the class to do calisthenics. Nell did the exercises half-heartedly. The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell. Nell said she didn't need to exercise because she wasn't a fatty. The teacher told the class she used to weigh 400 pounds.
It was time to cut my hair. I buzzed it like I normally do. But this time I cut my eyebrow by mistake. It took a few weeks to look normal. I tried to be more careful.
Group A felt the company cars should be red. Group B hyper actively campaigned to make them yellow. Things were coming to a head as disagreement turned to rage. A newcomer suggested a compromise between the groups. Fiery red company sedans were soon all the rage in town!
Kelly moved from Korea to America. She had never heard the Pledge of Allegiance. The kids in her class thought she was weird. Kelly decided she needed to learn the Pledge of Allegiance. Now kids don't think she is weird.
We had a six year old boy living upstairs from us. He played with my son outdoors. One day he started running. He was being chased by bees. His mother said he got four bites.
Becky was working on the couch with her laptop. The kids were being very loud. Becky couldn't concentrate on what she was working on. She decided to take her laptop to her bedroom. She was finally able to concentrate on her laptop.
Tim was up late night. He wanted to make a snack. He started with something small but kept getting fancier. Eventually he wound up making some great nachos. Tom was fully satisfied and went back to sleep.
I was chosen to sing at a big wedding. I always got nervous when singing for a crowd. Wearing a fancy suit made me even more nervous. I decided to wear a t-shirt to feel comfortable. At the wedding I was able to sing comfortably.
Harlee's room was a mess. Her mother told her to clean up the room. Harlee put all her toys and clothes under her bed. Her mother noticed everything under the bed. She made Harley clean it up again.
Jim sold crickets by the lake to traveling fishermen. Jim ran low on crickets one afternoon. Jim went into town to buy more crickets. Jim found that there was a terrible shortage of crickets. Jim decided to retire for the evening after having no work.
Greg was on a blind date. It wasn't going well for him. He wasn't attracted to the woman. His food was cold. Greg would never go on another blind date.
Barry wanted to bake some cupcakes. Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe. After finding the recipe, Barry gathered the ingredients. Once the batter was mixed, Barry began baking the cupcakes. After tasting, Barry realized he loved baking cupcakes.
James was determined to conquer the burrito king challenge. He went to the burrito king restaurant near his house. He ordered the 5 lbs burrito that they had there. James devoured the burrito in less than 45 minutes. James defeated the burrito king challenge and won a t-shirt.
When I was walking in the park, a dog came running up to me. I didn't recognize the dog, so I looked for his owner. The dog and I walked around the park for awhile. A man showed up yelling out the dog's name. The dog ran to him and they were reunited with each other.
Fred has always been scared of the cemetery. His friends tease him for this irrational fear. One day Fred decides to face his fear and visit the cemetery. Instead of being scared, Fred finds the cemetery beautiful. He is very proud of himself for facing his fear.
Kenny was the tallest kid in school. At fifteen he was already seven foot two inches. Every sport coach wanted him on their team. They would call him out of class twice a week and try to get him. Kenny hated sports and just wanted them to leave him alone.
Sally loves to bake. She decided to make peanut butter cookies. As she was following her recipes, she spilled too much sugar. She tasted the mix and it was fine. However, the cookies came out extra sugary.
Upon arising, the day began like so many others. Stopping only long enough to grab my bike, I headed off to Johnny's. Neither one us noticed the car as it backed out the driveway. Hearing a noise, I turned my head as Johnny's body hit the ground. I have never felt such crippling fear as I did then.
It was a warm but windy day at Jacob's house. Jacob wanted to go to the park and try out his new kite. When he got to the park he saw the trees waving from the wind. Jacob excitedly walked to a clear spot and unraveled his kite. The wind took the kit high into the air unit it appeared very small.
Jackie and her family were planning a trip. Jackie had an argument with one of her friends. She didn't feel like going to the trip. She told her guardian that she didn't want to go. Her guardian was very angry for changing her plans.
Ken gave Tom and his wife presents. Tom opened up his gift basket. It was a sports jersey with his favorite basketball team. When Tom's wife opened her gift, her mouth dropped. It was a diamond ring with gold surrounding it.
Kevin never played poker before. He was excited when his friends invited him. He learned fast. He actually wound up winning. Kevin considered it beginner's luck.
Jimmy's second grade class had a pet tarantula. One day, Jimmy was startled to see two big tarantulas in the cage! After yelling for his teacher, the whole class converged at the cage. The class was exhilarated that the tarantula had produced a baby! They were disappointed when the teacher explained it had only molted.
Ellie wore her skinny jeans to the roller skating rink. They were a little hard to skate in, but they looked good. She heard a ripping sound when she fell. Sure enough, her pants had ripped right down the seam. She borrowed a friends sweater to hide her exposed buttocks!
This morning, I attended a training at my work office. The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations. It was very interactive. I gave a brief five minute presentation to the whole class. Overall I feel as though I learned a lot.
This teenage boy loved to masturbate. He could not relate to his peers sexually. Everyone he knew had found a boyfriend or girlfriend or fuck buddy. He just sat alone at home whacking off and crying. Now this teenage boy has the world's strongest penis.
Tim got in the car. He started the car. He turned out of his street. He saw a red light. He stopped.
There once was an environmentalist named Josie. She was attending an environment conference in california. She realized just how bad the pollution problem was there. She then went to the governor's office to petition against it. She was finally able to make a difference
Elena was walking through the rainy with her umbrella. She swayed in different directions due to the wind current. In addition, it turned her umbrella inside out. She flew into a puddle. Luckily her belongings didn't get soaked.
Gina wanted a new purse. She knew she didn't need to the spend the extra money. She decided to splurge anyway. She found the perfect purse. She bought it and was happy.
Jude was very excited about his college graduation ceremony. On the way to the arena, he got stuck in traffic. He only had an hour before the ceremony started. He thought he wasn't going to be able to make it in time. Luckily, the traffic cleared up in time for him to get to the ceremony.
Melinda had a crazy boyfriend. She was trying to figure out how to leave him. She got the bright idea to leave while he was gone. She sent him in a grocery run, while she stayed and packed. She quickly ran out before he came back.
Harry loved to go to concerts but rarely did he have money for tickets. His favorite band was coming to town next month. He knew that he had to pay school fees instead of buying tickets. Secretly, Harry's girlfriend knew about this and bought him tickets. Harry was so surprised and grateful and attended the concert with her.
Willie had too much stuff. Willie bought a shed to store all his stuff. Willie had a hard time putting up the shed. He called some friends for help. With the assistance of his friends they finished the shed.
A tear dripped down Rachel's face. The neighbor's dog had dug up her beautiful flowers. She went to sleep sad that she would not see them in the morning. However, she woke up to a surprise! It was her neighbor with a card and a beautiful pot of daffodils!
Jan's dad met a new family when they came in his store. He thought the daughter looked just like his own girl. Jan's dad called his daughter downstairs so the two girls could meet. The parents agreed the girls looked alike. The girls, both plain and homely, looked at each other suspiciously.
Jessica was a spelunker. She loved going through the oldest of caves. But one day her light went out and she got lost. Three days she wandered the caves, until she found a land mark. She found the entrance and kissed the ground once she got out.
The entire family has dinner with Grandma every Sunday. One day, 13 year old Simon refuses to go. Simon says Grandma's house is boring. Mom suggests Simon bring his 3DS. Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he's at Grandma's.
Joe was bored at the restaurant because it was slow. He sat down in the dining room playing on his phone. Suddenly the phone rang. Joe jumped from his chair to run to answer it. He picked it up on the second ring.
Prince was my childhood dog. He was very active and loved jumping. One afternoon, there was a treacherous thunderstorm outside. Prince got spooked and jumped the fence to get away. My mom got sick of chasing him and let him go without looking for him.
A little Mary asked her dad to open his car. He opened it for her. She went inside. She pretended she is driving. She opened the window using one button.
Yesterday I went to the town fair. The weather was hot and humid. After I went on a ride I started to feel sick. I immediately went to the trash can. I ended up getting sick.
Brad's little brother was about to have a birthday. His brother loved comic books, and Brad wanted to get him one. He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition. The employee found one, and told Brad it would be two hundred dollars. Brad decided to get his little brother something else instead.
Sally got a pink bean bag for her birthday. The bean bag became her favorite thing to sit in. Sally watched all her movies from her bean bag. One day the bean bag got a hole in it. Sally had to go to the store and get a new bean bag to remain happy.
Phil had always wanted to learn how to make caramel. He decides to try making it one day. He follows a recipe very carefully. The caramel comes out perfectly. Phil is happy he finally made caramel.
John loved cakes and cookies. His mother used to bake them on a weekly basis. Unfortunately his mother had a stroke and couldn't bake anymore. John learned all his mother's recipes. Now he owns a bakery and cares for his mother.
Julie was a great ballerina. She dreamed of performing in the Nutcracker. She auditioned for the lead Sugar Plum Fairy. She was called back onto the stage. She got the lead Sugar Plum Fairy!
One day the Teller family went to a baseball game. They bought shirts for their favorite team. The kids brought baseball mitts. One of them caught a ball! Everyone had a fun day.
Lucy was devastated when her beloved cat died. She had a hard time getting past the grief. Her friend called and said she was taking Lucy out for a surprise. Lucy brightened as they spent the day working at an animal shelter. Lucy went home with a new pet, a cat that really needed a home.
It was late, but Gina wasn't sleepy. She decided to stay up and watch TV. She was at her grandma's and her mom was asleep on the couch. When she changed the channel her mother woke up. She made Gina change the channel back, and go to sleep.
Lisa invited the girls to her house on the islands. All the girls were excited. Lily however was not. Lily did not want to go to that island. She put up a fight and decided not to go.
One day Heather got a jury duty summons in the mail. She was worried about it because she couldn't afford to leave her job. She went to the courtroom on the day for jury selection. In the end she was screened out and didn't have to serve. Heather was glad because she didn't have to miss work.
Sam tried to throw the football to me. It ended up hitting the neighbor's car. He noticed that it left a large dent on the passenger window. We decided to run into my house. The neighbor was knocking on our door several minutes later.
She wanted to become a writer. She sat in her room, producing short stories galore. She wanted to show them to her parents. One day, she wrapped them and gave them to her parents. They laughed, cried, and hugged her after reading them.
John and Mary wanted to have a balloon party. They asked their mom to take them to the store. At the store, their mom bought a bunch of balloons. They blew up all the balloons in one room of their house. They played among the balloons and had a great time!
Shawna likes to watch movies on her laptop. She also frequently uses her laptop in class to take notes. One time, she forgot to shut off the laptop. She opened up the laptop to class. It started playing the movie very loudly at the start of the lecture.
Yesterday Tina got a salmon. She ordered it with fries. When she got it she was shocked. Tina got a small portion. She was not getting it again.
Maruska was a baby lion. I cared for him while I worked at the safari. He stayed inside my home during the night for the first few months. He loved to suckle on my hand. When he took my hand, his eyes widened.
Amy stayed out too late at the ice skating rink. She didn't have time to do her homework when she got home. She felt bad for losing track of time. The next morning, Amy woke to a snowstorm. School ended up being cancelled and she had time to do her assignment.
Jimmy arrived to the ocean with his fishing equipment. He took out his fishing rod and walked towards the dock. Unfortunately, one of the wooden boards from the dock broke. He ended up falling in the water. Another fisher managed to get him out of the water.
Amy took a picture of herself breastfeeding her baby. She posted it on Facebook. A lot of people reported her for posting an indecent picture. Amy was angry, but took the picture down. She then deactivated her Facebook account.
My toast popped up out of the toaster. I grabbed a jar of plum jelly my mom had made me. I spread a generous amount on both slices. I took a bite. My mom makes the best jelly.
Love is a misunderstanding between two fools. When you meet someone and you get that crazy love feeling, run. That crazy feeling is your common sense leaving your body. When you give up common sense you make bad decisions. Love is the reason why the divorce is rate is so high in America.
Gina's friend Tami had a folder that Gina wanted. She would find out where her mom bought it and let Gina know. But 3 days later she still hadn't told her. Gina didn't want to ask again. So she decided she would try to find the folder on her own.
Noble was skiing in the mountains with his family. When he was changing his cousin came in the room. They were both very embarrassed. Later on, his cousin asked about the scars on his chest. He told her about the car accident he was in.
Sarah decided to plant a garden. She went to the store to buy some seeds. She got home with many seeds and pots. She spent the rest of the day starting her garden. The garden eventually grew and produced numerous vegetables.
Shea was in a car accident. The car accident broke both of Shea's legs. He had to have several surgeries to fix his broken bones. Shea had to attend physical therapy for his legs for several months. Shea is now walking again.
Jules was driving home one day. Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop. She had to call a mechanic to tow it. At the garage, he inspected it and delivered bad news. Jules would have to pay $500 to fix her car!
Susie wanted a play date. She invited Fred over to play. Fred however never came. He got sick. So Susie had to invite someone else to play.
Sam was at the bar. He was normally reserved. All of a sudden a disco song came on. Sam started doing a routine out of a movie. Everyone around him was shocked and amused.
Dana is so happy he bought the new Galaxy cellphone. It's waterproof and he can hide it from his wife. The other day, Dana hid the phone in their fish tank. His wife woke up and went looking to snoop through his phone calls. She couldn't find the phone and didn't think to check the fish tank.
Sara is single. She wants to find a boyfriend but doesn't know how. She talks to her friends to get ideas. She decides to try online dating. Sara meets someone and decides to meet them for a date.
I went hiking last week. I brought my whistle with me in case of an emergency. While I was walking on a trail, a bear appeared. I blew the whistle. The bear ran away.
Pat's little dog was prone to having seizures regularly. So Pat gave the dog medicine two times a day. One day she could not get the dog to eat anything including medicine. She tried everything and began to worry. She did not have to worry when the dog ate medicine with cheese.
One day Shannon went to Lansing. First she went to Potter Park Zoo. Then she went to Impression 5 Science Center. Finally she went to the Capitol Building. She had a fun day.
Tia bought stylish new curly shoe laces. They did not tie- they simply spiraled outwards. But soon she found that they made her shoes very loose. In fact, she tripped and fell on the second day! The painful ankle sprain convinced Tia to return to regular laces!
Sue wanted a new dress for the dance. Her parents did not have enough money to buy her one. They did have enough money to buy fabric. Sue picked out beautiful material and her mom made her a dress. Sue looked fabulous for the dance.
Flowers surround the old, white house. No one ever saw anyone tend the flower garden. The flowers are very vibrant. One day Mary stole a flower from the garden. Someone erected a fence around the old, white house.
Freddy was going through sleep paralysis. He heard its possible to have a wake induced lucid dreaming. He tried to do it while under sleep paralysis. It did not work. His body started moving again.
Sara wanted to eat sushi. So she bought raw salmon. But it had not been previously frozen. The package said that it should be well cooked. But Sara ignored the warning.
When Sam's brother comes to town he visits Sam at his job. Everybody there instantly loves Sam's brother Dan. Dan gets a date with a waitress Sam has had a crush on for years. Sam is so jealous he sends Dan to a hotel. Before Dan leaves for home Sam calls and apologizes.
I gurgled at a cute girl in my office in the copier room. I'd just seen a zombie movie last night and was feeling playful. She didn't appreciate the humor. She reported me to the boss for harassment. He gave me until noon to pack my desk and leave.
Sandy was asked to water her friend's plants. The friends were going out of town for a couple of weeks. Sandy was very forgetful. She forgot to water any of the plants. Most of them died.
Sarah saw a commercial advertising an upcoming concert. The concert featured one of her favorite bands. She went to the box office and purchased two tickets. Sarah gave one of the tickets to her best friend Lucy. Sarah and Lucy attended the concert and had a wonderful time.
Lily was out running errands. She finally went home and was walking towards the door. As she got close, she heard the baby crying. Inside, the baby was crying in his crib. She reprimanded the babysitter for letting him cry.
Allie had a prepaid phone. She had to refill it every month. The month had ended. Allie had a zero balance. She couldn't use it until she refilled it.
Jeff has to fire Scott because he never shows up to work. At first Jeff was nervous and didn't want to upset Scott. The day that Scott was to get fired he called in sick. This upset Jeff because he needed Scott to be at work that day. This made Jeff's job a lot easier to fire him because he was mad.
Gary could throw the ball. He saw the play was different. He decided to give it to another player. The player ran really fast. They scored the touchdown.
After thinking about my mother I decided to go visit her. Driving down the highway I realized it had been a while. Once I arrived, she was excited to see me. We had lunch, discussed recent happenings and laughed. Once the visit was over I hugged her goodbye.
My 98 year old friend Joe was in WW2. One day he told me the French government just sent him a medal. He told the apartment building manager. The manager wrote an article about Joe for the building newspaper. I congratulated Joe and took a selfie with him holding the medal.
Jim wants to see an action movie but Jen wants to see a romantic one. They flip a coin to see which one to go to and Jim won the coin toss. Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset. He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night. Jen was so happy that she went to see Jim's movie the next night.
John and Barry took a hike in the mountains. While there, they saw a wild bear! They crept away as quietly as possible. Luckily, they evaded any danger. They decided it was a good idea to just go home.
Anna was told she needed glasses. She did not want to wear them! She was sure her schoolmates would mock her. But when she wore them, surprisingly, no one said anything! Anna was relieved that nobody picked on her after all.
Torin built a bird house. A bluejay family moved into the house. Torin was upset because he wanted a robin family to live there. He walked up to the birdhouse to scare the birds away. The bluejay flew out and started to attack Torin.
Larry was afraid of heights. He was at the pool with friends. They tried to convince him to dive from the highest board. Larry refused. His friends made fun of him.
The kids huddled around the tv. They were going to watch their favorite movie. The opening credits started and they got very excited. They loved movie night! They stayed up late to finish it.
Sue went to a party last week. It was at one of her old friend's house. She met her while she was in college. They haven't spoken in a few years. She said it was nice to catch up.
Beau was riding his bike. He saw a deer in the woods. It ran out in front of him. Beau braked and watched the deer run back into the woods. He continued riding his bike just flustered.
Yolanda loved pizza. But she was tired of what she usually orders. Yolanda looked through local ads for pizza specials. She noticed her local pizza store was serving a new dessert pizza. She ate the whole thing by herself.
Dan loves basketball. He wants to try out for the school basketball team. He practices his shots everyday when he gets home from school. Dan notices that he is getting really good at making his shots. He goes to the basketball try outs and makes the team!
John's grandmother died. He was her only grandchild. John's grandmother left him her home. John began remodeling the home. After a few months, John moved into the house.
Kevin wanted to learn a totally new skill. Although he's tried a lot of things, learning is fun for him. He first took a quick look at what his personal goals were. He wanted to stay in shape, while doing something fun and physical. In the end, he took up learning karate because of its intensity.
Lily was excited for school pictures. She wanted to do something special with her hair. She consulted her big sister who got right to work. Soon she had created a cool braid updo. Lily had the cutest hair in the whole yearbook.
When I first started university I did not know God. My first best friend knew Him and loved Him deeply. The light I saw in her led me to pursue Him. Now I also know Him and love Him! For the rest of my life I will only live for Him!
Jonah's son had been playing with his building blocks. His son had left the blocks all over the room. Jonah stepped on a block. It hurt his foot. Jonah threw all the blocks away.
Molly was lacking energy. She was feeling really run down. Her doctor told her to work out. She joined a gym. The workouts made her feel energized!
I was terrible at math as a child. My teacher told me that I would never amount to anything. I decided to prove that teacher wrong. I went to law school and studied hard. I became the best attorney in the country.
Tom worked as a waiter. He worked long shifts. He noticed slight foot pain at work. He felt great foot pain at home. Tom quit his job as a waiter.
James was rude to everyone. Nobody ever said anything to him. One day Amy punched him in the nose. Everyone was really proud of Amy. James stopped being such a jerk.
Cleo was visiting his friend out of state. Cleo drove five hours to get to his friend's home. The two friends had dinner and reminisced about old times. They spent the week seeing the sites of the city. At the end of the week, Cleo drove home.
Rick and Nick were playing in the yard. Rick saw an insect he never saw before. Daddy told Rick it was an Ant. The ant ran up Rick's arm. Rick laughed and chased the ants all around the yard.
Ben and Allie had just moved to a new city. They decided to go for a walk through the neighborhood. When they tried to get home, they realized they were lost. They spent two hours wandering through the city. Finally, they managed to find their way home.
I had a final exam in my math class today. But I didn't know how to answer many questions. I resorted to guessing. And now I will feel anxious until I get my test results back. I learned that I should have prepared better.
Tina decided to drink some tea. She always loved drinking the tea. When she poured it however it dropped. It spilled all over the floor. Tina had to clean it up.
Kim skinned her knee while being pulled behind a bike. She wiped the blood but the wound kept bleeding. As she skated home blood ran down her leg making it look worse. Her mother ran to her worried when she saw the blood. The girls got in trouble for trying such a dangerous stunt.
She tried her coffee and started reading her book. The first sentence said "she tried her coffee." The next sentence was "she started reading her book." Confused, she stood up and looked at herself in the mirror. She saw herself trying her coffee and reading a book.
The other day I was going to eat a chocolate chip cookie. I served myself some milk and everything. I sat down and took a bite to discover they were prune cookies. It was disgusting. I spat it out and decided to eat something else entirely.
My friends were playing a game. They rolled the dice to get the highest number. Sally got the highest number. All of my friends laughed. They rolled the dice again.
We ordered take out last Friday. My daughter and husband ordered steak and cheese subs. They ordered one with and one without catsup. The order came with catsup on both. They called and had a sub delivered without catsup.
Jose and Mark were both experienced fishermen. Early one morning they took Jose's boat out on the lake. They found a spot out in the water that looked good. Soon Mark felt a tug on his line and struggled to reel it in. Ten minutes later, he reeled in the biggest fish he'd ever seen.
Toby couldn't wait to leave school. He never felt motivated about education. After graduating, Toby felt somewhat lost. He didn't know what he wanted to do as a job now. After much deliberation, Toby chose to go back to school to study.
Rebecca loved video games. She was an English major at her university. A gaming journalism company found her blog. They asked her to write for them and in return she'd get free games! Rebecca couldn't believe her dream job found her.
Tim had a lot of jaw pain. He eventually went to a dentist. They took x-rays and found the problem. Tim had a wisdom tooth moving in. They had to pull it out.
Anne worked as a computer programmer for a large company. When she arrived at work one day, she found her computer had a virus! It seemed that every computer at her work had this virus on it. Anne decided to investigate and found a way to delete the virus. Anne was able to fix all of the computers at her work!
Jessica came home after a long day of work to relax and watch some TV. When she turns the TV on, the cable isn't working! She calls the cable company and they tell her they'll fix it tomorrow. Jessica thinks about what she can do without TV to keep her company. She decides to take a walk in the park instead.
Joey's third grade class went to the pumpkin patch. They were allowed to picky any pumpkin they could carry to the bus. Joey's pumpkin was much too heavy. After much thought he laid his coat on the ground. He put his huge pumpkin on it to successfully pull it to the bus.
Kay had never been stung by a bee. She did not think she was allergic, since no one in her family was. But at a picnic one summer at age 18, she was stung. Her arm swelled and became red and very painful. It turned out Kay was allergic to bees after all!
Junie saw an ad for sea monkeys in a comic book. She ordered the kit and awaited its arrival. When it arrived, she followed the directions on the kit. The sea monkeys hatched and swam around their bowl. As Junie bent to see them, she knocked the bowl over.
Lenny could not find his keys. He checked all of the usual places for them. He asked his family if they had seen them. He was at a loss. Lenny later found them in his pocket.
Lulu wants to be a ballerina. She changes her mind often. Last week she wanted to be a teacher. This week she's focused on all things dance related. Lulu eventually settles on becoming a lawyer.
A woman purchased some kitchen supplies and paid with a check. For whatever reason something went wrong with the check. The manager of the store called the lady up to let her know. Many weeks went by when the woman showed up unexpectedly. The embarrassed customer paid in cash to make up for the mistake.
Renee really wanted to do something fulfilling with her life. She had a desire to give back to the world. She currently has a dead end job and hates it. She quit her job and decided to join the Peace Corp. She told her friends about it and they were all supportive of her.
Dr Phil aired a new talk show. It focused on marriage problems. The ratings were great, so it was renewed. Oprah was jealous of the attention he was getting. The show aired for many years.
My friend was walking around a pool. She ended up falling on the deep end. Her dad stood up from the chair and dived into the water. He was able to pick up my friend. She was safe when she stood up.
Frank needs to get to the hospital. Frank is very bad hurt. Frank finds a car parked. Frank busts the window out and hot wires the car. Frank takes the car to the hospital.
Paul was throwing away a stack of newspapers. They were too tall to fit in the garbage can. He pushed and pushed, but he just couldn't do it. He set them on top and walked away. The next morning, they had blown all over the yard.
One day Kevin really wanted a soda, but he didn't have any at his house. He decided to check the vending machine, but it was empty. He then went to the local store, but it too was empty. Just as he was about to give up, he remembered his friend had soda. He went and knocked on his friend's door and finally got a soda.
Tom was taking a trip. His luggage didn't arrive with him. He talked to several people in charge. Nobody knew where his luggage was. Tom was never able to get it back.
The hot water in Jeff's shower wasn't working. But he could not afford to have it repaired. Jeff was lucky that it was summer. So he took a cold shower without feeling too uncomfortable. But Jeff did not know how long he could put up with it.
I collect press photos of Chinatown. Recently I saw an eBay listing for a photo. It was a scene of Chinatown in a 1962 movie. It was only $6, so i bought it. I got it today and was happy.
Lenny always wears shorts in the winter. It's as if he doesn't feel the cold at all. Last December, it was so cold, he finally had to wear jeans. But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero, he wore shorts again. Nobody is sure how he does it.
Sue has a math test on Friday. She has been studying for weeks. She was determined to make a good grade. When she got her paper, she flew through the test. Sue made an A and was proud of herself.
Tom was really into politics. During election season he would constantly talk about them. He would put his controversial opinions on social media. This made a lot of people upset. Tom lost several friends over it.
Anna wanted to be a basketball player when she grew up. Anna practiced for many Year's. She went to many camps and played on many teams. Anna was recruited to play for the local University. She accepted the scholarship.
The Jones family wanted to go to the ball game. Tickets were being given away on the radio. Mrs Jones called and won the tickets. The family went to the game and had a great time. They decided to go again soon,
The teacher called my mother. My mother told me about their conversation. My teacher says I have been absent a lot. She was mistaken. She confused me with another student.
Aaron went to Arizona. He wore a sweater. He forgot it was winter. He began to sweat a lot. He took the sweater off.
Spaghetti was a favorite of the Windsor household. They would have it every friday for dinner. The mother would make the pasta just right. And the dad would make the sauce. They got sick of spaghetti after a while.
Lu wanted to use her grandmother's silverware for the Christmas dinner The knives looked rusty and ruined. She tried to buy some online but they were in worse shape. Lu decided to try to scrape off the rust and clean them. The rust and tarnish came off and the knives looked good again.
The house creaked. That scared the boy. The boy told his mom. His mom held the boy. The boy felt less scared.
As a little kid I saved up money to buy a huge water cannon. This gun could fire a half liter of water in one shot. The day I finally got the cannon I hid in the garage. My dad pulled into the garage after a long day's work. I doused him good, getting a two week grounding in return.
I went for a hike on a warm and sunny Tuesday morning. I was so excited for the hike, I forgot my jacket in the car. Halfway up the trail, the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued! I sheltered under a cold rock ledge for four frozen hours! Mother Nature sure taught me to respect her and to always be prepared.
Tom was at the drive through. It was taking a long time to order. Tom was visibly frustrated. They offered him free pie as an apology. Tom agreed and it made him feel better.
Amy asked her mother for a box of Cookie Crisp. She was surprised when she wasn't allowed. Amy didn't understand why she couldn't have cereal anymore. Apparently cereal had too much sugar. Amy was sad she had to stop eating cereal.
Work was incredibly slow for a Friday. My colleagues and I looked around for something to do. One of them made a baseball from a wad of paper. I fashioned a bat from an old wooden ruler. We played home run derby until our boss made us stop.
Dana had been having trouble getting up on time. She was late for school for the eighth time in a row. Her principal called her in for a meeting. Dana needed to be on time or she would be suspended. From then on, Dana took the effort more seriously forever.
Chad needed a hotel for a overnight stay in Atlanta. Chad decided to book a stay at his regular hotel online. Chad was surprised when he found out the hotel was booked. Chad then had to find another hotel to stay at. Chad was upset that his favorite hotel was booked.
Melly was shopping for new kitchen curtains. She decided on a lace gingham pair, airy and pretty. She used them to replace her broken old blinds. Then she stepped back and smiled broadly. The new curtains brightened up the whole room!
Long John wanted money. Jim wanted fame. Together they decided to become pirates and fulfill their dreams. They were the scourge of the seven seas. Until the British Navy sank their ship.
It has been my favorite restaurant since. I took my mom there. My best friend showed it to me. My friend and I went there often. That friend was someone my grandmother knew.
Anna was camping in the woods. Suddenly a bear approached her camp site. Terrified, Anna took shelter in her tent. After a few hours, she tentatively emerged and looked around. Thankfully, the bear had wandered away.
Tommy went fishing in the lake. He got a new boat the day before. Unfortunately he did not know how to use the boat. He tried everything, but couldn't get it started. Instead he decided to fish from the bridge.
AJ grew up in Upstate New York, but he had a strange accent. He sounded like he grew up in Long Island. When his friend Tim laughed at his accent, he did something drastic. He punched Tim in the face. Tim never made fun of his accent again.
Troy got a Great Dane pup last Friday. It had not yet been house trained. The very next day, he found the dog had pooped on the floor. He was furious. He's spent hours every day trying to train him since then.
Mr Jones was the warden at the jail. He would lock criminals up until they were free to go. He did not like his job very much. He tried not to talk to the criminals. He just wanted the day to be over so he could go home.
Nehemiah got dressed in his cleats and flag football gear. He arrived at the field and warmed up with the team. They started the game and won 20-6. The crowd cheered for their accomplishment. The team huddled at the end of the game and cheered.
Cornelia wants to dress up for a work party tonight. She asks friends for what she can do to look special. One friend recommends that she perms her long, straight hair. Cornelia loves the way her hair looks permed. She feels excited for the work party.
I was driving my car when a brown car slid on the snow and hit me. The brown car sped away while I jotted the license plate number down. I went to the police station and the number I wrote was invalid. I had written it so fast that it could not be properly deciphered. The person driving the brown car couldn't be found.
Janice and Alex were going on a couples cruise. Too bad they broke up yesterday. They had it booked for six months so they went anyways. They were forced to do all sorts of couple activities. By the end of the cruise they were back together and happily in love.
Mary was laughing at Peter the other day. Peter was really mad and told Mary to stop. That just made Mary laugh even harder. Peter decided to ask her why she was laughing. Mary said it was because of the stain on Peter's shirt.
Tony decided to make lemonade the old-fashioned way. He brought out some lemons, water, and sugar. He squeezed the lemons until he thought his hands would fall off. He then added some water, and a generous amount of sugar. Tony tasted his lemonade and decided he wanted to be a chef someday.
Bill was headed to a concert in a new city. Bill was following his gps. He decides to turn down a back alley. Bill see's a very scary looking beast. Bill decides to turn around and get out of there.
After weeks of practice, the band was playing its first football game. A number of members were freshman. Many of them were very nervous! But when they marched out they all did a great job. A few sour notes, but no one seemed to notice!
When I was younger, I used to play a xylophone. My sister hated the sound of it. One day, she went into my room and broke it. I was sad, so I told my parents. They made her buy me a new one.
Luis was interested in the supernatural. He decided to have a seance. Several friends came over and they lit some candles. They held hands and tried to summon some spirits. They were disappointed because nothing much happened.
Mike likes to make pizza with his grandma. First they put the crusts on a baking sheet. Then they put sauce, cheese, and pepperoni on the crust. They bake the pizza in an oven. And then Mike and Grandma eat the pizza!
Alvin failed the written part of his driver's exam. He had not studied the driving booklet at all. He decided to memorize the driver's manual. Alvin passed the next driver's exam. Alvin was sorry that he didn't read the manual before the first test.
Drew went to a restaurant. He ordered some soup. Upon receiving his soup, he noticed a cockroach floating in it. Disgusted, he told the waiter and left. Eric decided he would never go to that restaurant again.
Carl got stranded on a desert island. He searched for something that he could eat. After twelve days of searching Carl was unable to find any food. Carl found a deep hole and climbed inside. Carl died of starvation inside the hole that he had climbed in.
Gertrude was a very grumpy woman. She hated people and looked at them with a scowl. When a small child came for Halloween at her door, she didn't open. When she woke up the next day, her house was covered in toilet paper. Gertrude left it there all year and became the toilet paper lady.
Karen grew her own vegetables in her garden. She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables. She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors. They bought it up instantly! Karen has expanded her garden and now sells coleslaw full-time!
Thomas has been vegetarian for 2 years. One day, he goes to eat with friends. He orders something that he thought was vegetarian. It turned out to have chicken in it. He stopped being vegetarian after that.
I've always loved butterflies. One day, my parents took my niece and I to the butterfly house. I was in hog heaven , because there were butterflies everywhere. It was completely beautiful, and I didn't want to leave. I've never been back, but still dream about that place.
I put on my swimming trunks. I went to my car outside. I drove to the nearest beach. I went into the water. I swam until I was tired.
Lily was having a contest at school. It was a contest as to who could wear the worst sweater. Lily's friend won the ugly sweater contest. Lily was a little disappointed. She really had wanted to win.
It was Stan's first day of the job. He had to look into several project agendas. After going through several papers, he got drowsy. He even fell asleep on his desk. When the boss found out, he gave Stan got a slight warning.
Marc was playing on the stairs. He slipped and fell down, breaking his ankle. The doctor said he could not walk for one month. Marc cannot climb the stairs at his house now. His mom is letting him sleep in the living room for a month.
Darlene wanted to play her brother in a dart game. Her brother unfortunately could not play darts with her. Darlene had to find a replacement for the game. However, nobody was able to play with her. Darlene was left playing darts by herself.
Alice went to the mountains. At the top, she heard someone calling for help. When she looked over the side, she saw a man stuck on a cliff. She called the police to come help. Alice felt like a hero.
James hated going to the dentist. He had an appointment this afternoon. He made himself over to the Dentist's office after work. He was nervous as the Dentist cleaned his teeth. Afterwards, James received a free toothbrush from his dentist.
We and Ronda went to the movie theater. After purchasing our tickets, we went inside. I ordered a huge container of popcorn and several drinks. The movie lasted several hours. I ended up falling asleep when the credits were playing.
Foggy was drinking at a bar. He had one too many drinks. He tried to stumble home, but he lost his way. Foggy curled up on the curb and fell asleep. He awoke late for work and sore and hungover.
I am always late for work. I am usually that driver putting my makeup on in the car. This morning, I ended up poking myself in the eye with my mascara. Other drivers kept honking as I was driving telling me to stop. One day I will learn.
John, Eric and Carl waited in line for four hours. They wanted to see the premier of the new Star Wars movie. They rushed in the theater to get good seats. After they were settled, Eric went and got popcorn. They agreed afterwards it was well worth the wait.
Tom went to a coffee shop. He was working on his laptop. He saw a friend named Susan. He walked over to Susan. He began talking with this friend Susan.
The boy had a favorite stuffed animal. It was a dragon. He named it Pete. He would sleep with it every night. Pete was a special item for the boy and he couldn't sleep without it.
I used to be afraid of what was in the our basement. Do not ask me what was down there because I do not know. One Xmas my brother said our parents hid our toys in the basement. I was so curious about our toys I went in the basement anyway. Now I go down there all the time because I am no longer afraid.
Benny was talking to Elena. She tried to ask him a simple question. However, Benny wasn't paying attention and started at her chest. She covered her chest with her hands and slapped Benny. Afterwards, he apologized.
Kia planted a garden in her yard. She started to grow vegetables for her family. She was not sure how well they would do in the poor soil. But Kia turned out to have a green thumb. All the vegetables came out healthy and delicious!
Brad stood under a large tree next to the grill. He was cooking grilled chicken. A coconut fell from the tree. It landed on his head. He woke up when his girlfriend came out of the beach water.
Mary and Shelly met at bingo every Wednesday. Shelly hadn't shown up this night and had never called. After bingo was over Mary went over to her house. She pulled up just in time to see the ambulance pulling away. Shelly never did win anything on bingo nights.
The Stone family was on a bus headed towards the Great Pyramid. Along the way the bus broke down and the heat became unbearable. Another bus coming along the same highway picked the family up. The new bus had fresh ice cold water, the family drank some quickly. Upon arriving at the pyramids, the Stone family thanked the driver.
Rick's daddy took him to the zoo. Rick had never seen so many strange animals. Daddy gave rick some pellets and told him to feed the goat. Although Rick was scared he walked up to the goat. Rick laughed as the goat tickled his had when eating.
Richie was at a mall. He was very rich and was spending a lot of money at different stores. He ended up buying many new clothes. Everyone admired Richie as he walked around. Richie left the mall feeling very empty inside.
Beverly had a pretty dress that shone like a diamond. One especially bright day she decided to go for a walk outside. While walking along the sidewalk, the sun's rays hit her dress. It blinded a driver, causing him to careen into a fire hydrant. Water burst from the hydrant, soaking Beverly and her pretty dress.
I called my son today. He said that he was going to florida for 4 days. I asked him when he was coming back He said in about four days. He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach.
Kyle was grilling out. He had a nice big steak that he was going to cook. He put it on the grill and heard it sizzle. He flipped it over when it was almost done. He sliced into the steak and took a big bite.
Tom was out hiking in the desert. He took a wrong turn and didn't recognize his surroundings. He tried to go back but wound up somewhere new. Tom was lost for almost a day. Rescue teams finally found him relatively safe.
Bill gathered his bed sheets and put them in the laundry. He went to his closet to get a clean set of sheets. Bill picked two different sets that he liked. He had a hard time deciding which one to use. Bill decided to mix up the two sets as a compromise.
John was always told he had a great way of putting things. John started expressing his views on video. John sent some video samples to a local television station. They invited John to appear on their morning talk show. John was very impressive on the show!
The man retired from his job. He became bored. He asked his old boss for his job back. His boss offered him a different job with less hours. The man accepted the new job.
Today I am going to the fair. I plan on riding every single ride at least twice. When I finally arrived, I ran straight to my favorite ride. I hopped in line, and anxiously awaited the fun. When my turn came, I strapped myself into the ride and the fun began.
My sociology class took a very important test. After they were graded, my sociology professor told us our grades. I had been so afraid I had gotten an F. However, I got an A. It was a great day.
Billy was growing so quickly he needed new boots already. His mother gathered him up and headed to the store. When they arrived they found many choices. Billy picked out a pair with firetrucks on the front. They paid at the register and left with the snazzy new boots.
I was on vacation in colorado. I went to the snowboarding hill. I brought my snowboard and put on my goggles. I went down the hill and had a blast. I went back to my hotel and warmed up.
One of Tim's chairs was partially broken. He had a few friends over one night. A fat one sat on the chair. It broke underneath him. He was embarrassed even as Tim explained it was already broken.
Toby bounced the ball to his dog. The dog jumped up eagerly and caught it. Then Toby threw the ball as far as he could. The dog ran after but didn't see where it went. Toby laughed, he had just pretended to throw it.
Yesterday the new department store opened up. I immediately ran over and started shopping. The store had everything. I ended up with bags of items. I couldn't wait to add the items to my closet.
Bubba aspired to be an engineer. He was eager to get started and began researching opportunities. To practice for his future work, he entered into a technical school. There he learned how to work with steel. That knowledge proved invaluable later on in his life.
Tim was black and starting a new job. All the people at the company looked down on him. They thought he was just hired for diversity. Tim was actually very qualified for the job. Unfortunately the resentment never went away.
Kevin twirled the pistol like the actors he'd seen on TV. His fifth grade class was suitably impressed. Kevin pointed it at a girl he really liked and pulled the trigger. Her head shattered from the bullet he hadn't known was in the chamber. Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence.
John had never raced cars professionally before. He was excited for his first race. He didn't come close to winning. John was just glad he got all the way through it. He knew it was a good first step and continued.
Tammy was last to go in an archery competition. She picked up her bow and nocked an arrow. The official told her that she may shoot when ready. Tammy quickly drew her bow and took great aim. The arrow was launched and missed the target by a foot.
Tom hated his job. He applied to several other work opportunities. Eventually he was hired somewhere else. Tom made a big scene out of quitting. He made sure to insult all his bosses and co-workers.
Ray entered his dog in a dog show but didn't think he would win. He took one of the judges aside and tried to plead with him. The judge told him he could not be moved by his words. Ray took out his wallet and made his case again. The grinned and told Ray he understood his problem better now.
Sam liked to play basketball. He was very tall and athletic. One day he was playing a game and jumped for the ball. He landed on the side of his foot twisting his ankle. He was out for the rest of the season.
Sarah has a math exam on Friday. She is stressed out about it. Sarah decided to study every day until Friday. When the teacher gave the test, Sarah was ready. Sarah made an A on her exam.
Gary is driving to his grandmother's house. He is worried about his car. It starts to make a loud noise. Gary continues to drive. Gary's car explodes into flames as he dives out at the last minute.
The man heard a siren. He drove towards the sound. He found an accident. He took pictures of the accident. He sold the pictures to a news agency.
Elliott always wanted to learn a new language. So he decided to take a Spanish course. He had his ups and downs in class. He learned so much information in the class. Eventually Elliott passed the class and learned Spanish.
Tom invited his friend Will to his house. Will drove over but couldn't find street parking. Tom asked his neighbor if Will could park in his driveway. The neighbor allowed him to park in his driveway. Will appreciated the parking space and thanked the neighbor.
Jamie handed her dish to the chef. He took one bite out it He spit out the food in the mouth. Jamie was immediately shocked. The chef criticized her food.
Randy has had the same guitar for ten years. Two days ago he lost it sadly. He called everyone he could remember visiting in the last few days. Luckily he just left it at a friends house. Randy drove over immediately to retrieve his precious item.
Ray decided to buy a new house. Unfortunately the American market was not doing well. This meant it was too risky for Ray to buy a house. Instead, Ray decided to invest his money in the French housing market. Unfortunately, the French housing market soon collapsed!
Tom had a big cookout. He invited several family and friends. Unfortunately he used some bad meat. Several people got sick. Tom had given them food poisoning.
A city planner built a model of the city he worked in. He set a hose on it to simulate a terrible flood. The model's roads filled up with water. The city planner located good places for more drains. The mayor gave the planner an award for his great work.
David had a habit of eating too quickly. And eventually, he developed health problems. He complained about bloating and pain to his doctor. But she just gave him antibiotics. As a result, David never fixed his habit of eating too quickly.
Last night I dropped a napkin on the carpet. I was tired  and went to bed. The next morning I found the napkin had been shredded. My wife said our cat found the napkin. I made sure to pick up any napkins from now on.
Lee was excited that she was going to her first Justin Bieber concert. She had VIP backstage tickets to meet Justin after the show. The show was great and when it was over, Lee went backstage. She got all nervous waiting for Justin. When she met him, she knew she would never forget.
Ariana went to the zoo in her town. She saw elephants, tigers, and even some squid. When she left she discovered a monkey had escaped and was in her bag. She wanted to keep the monkey since it was so cute. Since she didn't know what monkeys ate, she returned the monkey.
My parents would not let us throw the ball like that. It was cool to see the ball coming out of nowhere. We were throwing it over the house to each other. The ball did not always make it over. We lived in a two story house.
Joann was making lemon cupcakes. The recipe said to add the lemon zest to them. She didn't think that was right but went for it. Then, she baked the cupcakes. They came out with an awkward texture.
Uriah went to his first lecture on Monday morning. The problem is is that there was no one there. He sat there for 15 minutes before leaving. He went to the Dean and asked what happened. The Dean informed him he had mixed up his schedule.
John was really worried about his political science exam. He stayed up all night for weeks studying as much as he could. When it was the morning of the test he woke up very nervous. On his way to class he quizzed himself in his head even more. After the test was over he was very relieved and relaxed.
Jessica was utterly famished after soccer practice. She walked to the store and bought a cool drink. This wasn't enough however, and so she had an idea. She would go out for lunch to a pizzeria. She then ate the best pizza of her life.
Emelia made a craft for her mom. It was a painting with lots of hearts. She gave it to her for Valentine's Day. Her mother was thrilled. The painting got hung on the wall immediately.
Ryan was swimming in the local lake. The water was murky in the lake. Ryan hit his toe on something in the bottom of the lake. It cut his toe making it bleed. Ryan got out of the water for the day.
Tom was doing a report on Jewish culture. He decided to go to a local temple to find out more about it. He stayed for a sermon and talked to people there. Tom heard many rich experiences. He gave a copy of his report to everyone he interviewed.
Ashley and Brittany had been best friends for sixteen Year's. They were meeting for lunch and they both showed up dressed identical. At first the just laughed together and didn't mind. But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit. Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes.
Dominic was playing in his first varsity basketball game. He wasn't riding the bench, he got to start. He was passed the ball and immediately traveled. Embarrassed by his big opening moment, his coach took him out. After first quarter, the Coach gave him another chance.
Jamie wanted to lose some weight. She went to the doctor for advice. Her doctor told her to exercise more. Jamie decided to join the local gym. She slimmed down very quickly.
I began working out so I can be less of a fat body. I don't have weights or a gym, so I began bodyweightfitness. I've found my wrists are becoming sore very easily. If only I hadn't drank all of that chocolate milk. Now I have regrets about my hedonistic lifestyle.
Jeff challenged me to build my own personal computer. I watched some online videos about building PCs. Then I ordered the parts, which cost nearly 1,200 dollars. I devoted a Saturday to building the machine. It worked beautifully and I've used that PC ever since.
Mindy was a vital member of the community. She gave of herself, not seeking or getting gratitude or appreciation. One day, Mindy hung herself from the old Choctaw bridge. The community was shocked, for they hadn't seen it coming. They also suddenly realized all Mindy had done for them.
Stacey decided to have a Halloween party. She invited all her friends. She decided to not invite Lucy however. Lucy then felt very left out. So she decided to invite her after all.
Damon had just moved into a new apartment. One night, he heard a weird popping sound. He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking. He immediately called his landlord, unsure of what to do. Luckily, they were able to fix it quickly.
Rocky wanted to watch a boxing match. The match was on pay-per-view. Rocky didn't have enough money to order the event. He called over a few friends. Rocky and his friends split the cost of the pay-per-view.
Martin wanted to make a movie. He loved Hollywood and always wanted to be a director. So he decided to make a movie about magic. He couldn't find anybody to be in his movie with him. After weeks of trying with no success he gave up on his dream.
Dani decided to go to the fair. She walked up to the booth to buy tickets. They only took cash. She didn't have any cash,only a debit card. Dani had to go to the ATM.
He had been waiting for this day all year! He hopped out of bed and ran downstairs. It was his birthday. Today was the day where he could do anything he wanted. So him and his mom went to the park.
Kerry wanted to get a new puppy. Kerry's mom said no. She asked her dad. Kerry's dad said yes. Kerry got a new puppy!
Andrew was nervous and happy. He was getting married. He was was sweating because he was afraid he would be a bad husband. He saw her walk down the aisle and the nerves were gone. He said I do and kissed her.
Ben doesn't like to eat vegetables or anything besides sweets. His favorite food is doughnuts. Ben spent his entire day eating nothing but doughnuts. Later that night, Ben got a terrible stomach ache and he puked. Ben decided it wasn't a good idea to only eat doughnuts for the day.
We were traveling across the state by car. We were in the middle of nowhere when the gas light came on. I pulled into a tiny town to get gas. The gas price was 30 cents less than what we normally pay. I'm so glad I forgot to fill up before we left!
Mike loved his old sheepdog Barney. Mike was a baker and made Barney a chocolate cake once a week. Though this made Barney really happy, it also made him very fat. Barney's vet had told Mike that he needed to help Barney lose weight. But Mike didn't listen and Barney passed away from a heart attack.
Ally was visiting her aunt. She had a very small yard. In it there was a cage with two Guinea pigs. Her aunt told her they mowed the lawn for her. She moved the cage around and they ate the grass in that area.
Jed was working on a video game on his computer. He finished his coding and then began to test the game. He immediately noticed several errors and closed the game. He began to work on his code for days to fix the bugs. After a lot of hard work, the game booted with no bugs or issues.
A man was invited to attend an infant's baptism. He brush off his best suit. He stopped on the way to pick up a gift. When he arrived, though, he found the church empty. He had thought the parents Catholicâin fact, they were Anglican.
One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell. I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking. I was walking so fast that I slipped and fell. To my embarrassment there was a girl watching me. She pointed and laughed as I picked myself up off the floor.
My son has a friend. She is a cute little girl. She has long golden hair. My son was playing with bubbles. Some bubbles popped in her hair.
Mindy had just finished an orthodontist appointment. She was supposed to go to dance class right after. But, her gums were very sore after the appointment. She was so uncomfortable that she decided to skip class. Luckily, her coach didn't mind.
Johnson wanted to visit Las Vegas for most of his adult life. He finally had a chance to go. Johnson wondered if Las Vegas would live up to his dreams. As he arrived, he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of. When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas.
I made fun of Tanton a lot. I tripped him one day in study hall. I said mean things about his face and hair. I was cruel to him all the time. Then he grew up and got a job working for Facebook and Microsoft.
Dan recently retired from his 30 year career with the post office. Dan decided he would work part time during his retirement. Dan applied to a local grocery store as a night time stock man. Dan was pleased to hear he got the position at the grocery store. Dan was excited to be starting his new part time job.
Harry spilled water all over his keyboard. So he had to buy another one. He saw a waterproof one and decided to buy it. And when got home, he tested its waterproof ability. But it broke just like his old keyboard.
Tiffany is a single mother struggling to make ends meet. Tiffany wants to make dinner. There's no food in her kitchen. Tiffany goes to ALDI to buy reduced priced goods. Tiffany does her best to provide for her son.
Bob and Judy were bored. They decided to cure their boredom by going out for ice cream. So they jumped into their car and took off for downtown. They got to the ice cream shop and parked the car. Then they went in and both had a jumbo triple-decker ice cream.
Beatrice took out a coat hanger. She straightened it out. Then she pushed it down the car window. She gripped the lock and unlocked the car. Then Beatrice drove away in someone's car.
Derrick knew today was the day. He was going to buy his new stereo today and was pumped. Derrick had looked over all the models and found the one he wanted. He drove to the store, very happy. He got his new stereo and it sounded fantastic.
Michael wanted to visit a candy store. He hasn't been to a candy store since he was a kid. He spent time looking at all the different candies the store offered. He ended up spending fifty dollars all on candy. By the end of the week, Michael was already sick of candy.
Tom was taking out his trash. He heard some noise at the cans. It was a bear rummaging through the trash. Tom was scared and walked back inside. He waited until the bear was long gone before going back out.
Amelia was going through her grandparents attic. She found a box of VHS tapes. Amelia wanted to watch the tapes. No one she knew owned a VCR. Amelia bought a VCR at a pawn shop.
Jim wasn't very happy being single. After trying all the usual bars, he made a profile on an online site. He tried asking many girls out, but nobody responded. Finally, a girl named Courtney responded. They went out on several dates and Jim now has a girlfriend.
Tom wanted to buy a new towel. Tom went shopping at the store. He browsed and found many types of towels. He found the micro-fiber towels to be the softest. Tom bought microfiber towels.
Dan wanted to go to the beach to find and date a hot girl. Dan manages to find a girl and wanted to be acknowledged by her. Dan realized he needed to impress her. Dan performed a surfing trick in front of her and she was impressed. Dan asked her out on a date and she agreed to it.
It had been raining all day. Jeff was driving the company truck through back country roads. He looked at his map and realized he had been going the wrong way. When he tried to swing a u-turn he got stuck in the mud. Jeff felt very foolish as the tow truck showed up.
Jim went grocery shopping. He suddenly remembered that he left his wallet at home. Jim didn't want to drive back. He ran into his friend. His friend lent him money and Jim was very thankful.
When I was a kid, I hated seafood. My dad made me eat some boxed shrimp for dinner. On the first piece I threw it up. I got beaten for wasting food. I then forced myself to eat the rest.
Sydney was at an amusement park with her friends. They were all planning on riding the tallest roller coaster. Sydney was afraid of the height but embarrassed to admit it. Luckily her friends noticed that she looked upset. After they inquired she admitted her fears and they decided not to go.
Dave wanted to surprise his for their 5th wedding anniversary. She loved to salsa dance but he didn't know how. Dave challenged to take his salsa dancing on their anniversary. He went to dance classes every night after work. On their anniversary, he surprised her by dancing the salsa with her.
On Christmas Eve Lilly could not find the family cat. She looked everywhere. She was afraid the cat might have run out the door earlier that day. In tears she cat down in front of the Christmas tree. She smiled when she saw two cat eyes peering at her from the branches!
My family put up our Christmas tree Thanksgiving night. We all helped with the ornaments. The kids had so much fun looking at ornaments from years past. We got everything on the tree and it looks a bit cluttered. All the memories make it beautiful, though.
Alvin looked at the window in the office. He wondered if it could withstand a hit from a thrown paperweight. He walked over to his desk and picked up his paperweight. He threw it at the window as hard as he could. The weight cracked the window and bounced back,
I am going to make a special supper. I gathered the meat and fresh vegetables. I prepared them by cutting and slicing into appropriate sizes. I put all of them into the crock pot. After cooking for 5 hours, my special meal will be ready.
Andrea invited Amanda onto her boat. Amanda was excited since she had never taken a boat ride. The ocean waves were big that day, and the boat rocked a lot. Amanda quickly became sick and wanted to go back. Andrea apologized to Amanda since she felt bad for her.
Claire was eating a banana nut muffin. All of a sudden, she heard a loud pop. She had cracked her tooth on a nut. Claire ran to the dentist for repairs. She never eats banana nut muffins now.
Ellen took her kids to Target for grocery shopping. They were really well behaved the whole trip. She saw some pajamas near the front of the store on sale. She let each child pick out a new pair of pajamas as a reward. They loved the pajamas and wore them all day long!
Jules did not have good self-esteem. She developed an eating disorder a result. Jules' family was extremely worried about her. Her family sent her to rehab for her eating disorder. Jules is now a healthy weight.
Johnny was a kitten four months old. All of his brothers and sisters had been adopted from the shelter. But there Johnny stayed very sadly. One day a woman came into the shelter. Johnny was adopted and is now over ten years old.
Will and his roommate were having an argument about pizza. They disagreed on which topping was better - ham or bacon. Will ordered a pizza, half with ham and half with bacon. The two guys did a taste test using the pizza. They both decided that bacon is the better pizza topping.
Jill was embarrassed of her country cousin. She didn't want to bring her cousin around her school friends. One day, some girls came over while Jill's cousin was visiting. Jill reluctantly let them in and introduced her cousin. Soon, the girls were listening raptly to the cousin's tales.
Ted was driving to work in heavy traffic. The cell phone on the seat next to him rang. He looked down to pick it up and check who was calling. While he was distracted, the traffic light changed to red. He looked up and slammed on his brakes but still hit the car in front.
Shana was supposed to take her SAT exams in a few hours. She got caught up in all kinds of errands. Suddenly she realized that she was about to be late for her test. By the time she made it to the facility, she was too late. She had to reschedule her test and wait months longer for her results.
Adam laughed loudly at the movie. He was having a good time. His new girlfriend was being really nice that night. He told her he wanted to marry her. She frowned at him suddenly and made an excuse to go home.
I woke up in the middle of the morning. I heard large sounds downstairs. As a result, I came to the floor and find the source. My mom surprised me by hiding behind a wall. However, I was mad.
There once was a dog named Roger. Roger loved to go swimming in the lake. He also loved to chase after birds. But soon Roger will get tired. So he will go to bed, so he can be ready for another day of fun.
Jennifer was always feeling dizzy at work. She went to the doctor because of it. The doctor asked her how much water she drinks which is about a glass. The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day. She has done that for a week now and feels better.
Joe was a barista at a local coffee shop. Everyone loved his cappuccinos. He received an invitation to participate in a coffee contest. He was excited and brought his A game. He won 2nd place for his hard efforts.
There was a break in at Tina's house. A lot of her jewelry was stolen. Most of it wasn't worth much money. Tina had deep sentimental value to it, though. She never got any of it back.
Tammy lived in a city on the 17th floor. Once she came home from work. She found out the elevator was broken. She did not want to use the stairs to get home. She decided to have a coffee in a close coffee shop instead.
I was in the city the other day at lunch. I was so hungry. I found this little deli on the corner. I ordered a turkey sandwich. It was the best turkey sandwich I have ever eaten.
The girl sat on a swing. The man pushed the girl. The girl wanted to go higher. The man tried to push the girl higher. The girl fell out of the swing.
Peter was tending to his garden. He began to water his plants. The water wasn't running out. Peter found a leak in the hose. He had to go and buy a new hose.
Mack went to work without taking a shower. His co workers complained that he smelled dirty. This mad Mack feel insecure and worthless. He went home that night and cried. The next morning Mack made sure he went to work cleaned and showered.
The Waltons lost their house in a storm last month. They considered rebuilding. Most of the family didn't want to live in a stormy area anymore. So they bought a new home elsewhere. Now they feel more safe and secure.
Mark made a New Year's resolution to learn spanish. He hired a tutor to help him learn spanish. Every week he met with his tutor. Mark was consistent with the tutor's practice assignments. Mark was fluent in spanish by the end of the year.
Sarah brought her boyfriend Mark to a local fair. She went on the ferris wheel with him. While at the top, she got very sick. She threw up all over Mark. Mark decided to break up with her right then.
Sam graduated college and moved back home with his parents. He wanted to take the summer off to relax from his last semester. He eventually became too lazy, never finding a job for a year. Sam's student loans kicked in and made him realize he needs work. He went out that day with a mission to get his life on track.
Tabitha was rushing to get ready for school. She was trying to apply eye makeup but it looked wrong. For some reason she just couldn't get her makeup right. Running out of time she reluctantly skipped the makeup. To her surprise, she felt more confident without it all day.
Mary was told that during summer she should drink plenty of fluids. Mary did not listen though. Mary went on a long walk one hot day. Mary started getting a lot of cramps. Now Mary makes sure she drinks plenty of fluids.
Whitney has a big test tomorrow. Her best friend's birthday is also tonight. She really needs to study. Whitney decided to go to Megan's party. Whitney is going to fail her test.
Melissa was outside with her son. She was letting the baby wander through the yard. Suddenly, she saw him digging in the dirt. He picked up a huge clump and dumped it on his head. Melissa had to take him inside and give him a bath.
Suzy found a dollar on the sidewalk. Her mom said she could spend the dollar. Suzy thought of all the things a dollar could buy. She brought the dollar to school to buy candy afterward. Then Suzy heard a boy crying because he lost his lunch money.
My sons did an experiment with their NCAA brackets this year. One son chose games based on the strength of the teams. The other chose games based on the number of letters in their names. The tournament played out and we were shocked at the results. My son with the letter strategy won by a huge margin.
I looked everywhere for the itch cream. The bite was driving me insane. I looked in the bathroom cabinet. I found it in the back. I breathed a sigh of relief as the cream did it's job.
Henry ordered a small Caesar salad from the Drive Thru. When he stopped at the front window, the worker gave him a hamburger. He told them that the order is wrong. However, they told him that the food was already made. Henry parked his car and stormed into the place to see the manager.
It was Christmas morning in Taylor's house. He went out to the tree and saw all of the gifts. As his siblings opened their presents, he looked for his own. In all of the gifts, there were none for Taylor. Taylor was upset until his mom surprised him with a brand new car.
On the beach we saw a great fish place. It served great fish and chips. I was so eager to try it. Luckily I was able to grab a seat. I was amazed at how great it was.
Alex began to notice something wrong with his mother. All very bright, she began to forget this more and more often. A doctor's visit revealed the bad news: Alex's mom had alzheimer's. As her condition got worse, Alex's mother stopped recognizing him. Alex stood by her side though, taking care as often as he could.
Jane and Harry had been married 50 years. It seemed like only yesterday and they wanted to celebrate. They planned a vow renewal on their wedding anniversary. On the day they renewed their vows in front of family and friends. Jane and Harry both hope for another 50 years together.
Anna went to the grocery store. When she arrived she realized she'd forgotten her shopping list. She tried to remember what was on it. When she got home, she checked her list. She had forgotten almost half of what she needed!
I was walking down a street of my neighborhood. I saw that a family was having a garage sale. I went into their yard and looked at their items. I saw a few really cool things and got them for cheap. I brought my new buys home.
Tina always had shot nails. It bothered her. She wanted longer ones. She then started taking vitamins. After a week they were longer.
Sean was traveling across the country in a bus. One day he had a stop with a long layover. He was so bored waiting for his next bus to arrive. Then, he spotted a football game on TV. He kept himself entertained watching it until his bus showed up.
Amber planned a Halloween party She created a Facebook event and invited all of her friends She spent days shopping, setting up, and preparing When the night came, many guests showed up Every had a wonderful time in their costumes
Kelly wished she had a pair of trendy knee-length Capri pants. She checked stores, but they were all so expensive. Finally she decided to try to create her own. She carefully cut and sewed an old pair of pants. Soon she had a stylish pair of homemade capris!
Lou woke up feeling rather sick one morning. He started throwing up. Lou felt awful. He lied down most of the day. When he woke up the next morning, the bug had passed.
Michelle was at her friend's house. While her friend went to the bathroom she peeked in the closet. She noticed a pretty top that she badly wanted. She decided to stuff the shirt into her bag. Later, Michelle's friend asked about the shirt and Michelle lied.
Anna went to the city of Buffalo. She saw the sights, but then she grew hungry. Anna had heard of the famous Buffalo wings. She entered a restaurant and eagerly ordered a dozen wings. When they came, Anna found them to be delicious!
Jim thought he was a great basketball player. He was always a starter on the team. He challenged one of his friends to a scrimmage. His friend beat him. Jim is not as good as he thought.
Vladimir was trying to learn English. He went to Miami. He walked up to a girl and smiled. What a beautiful beach, he said. The girl misheard him and slapped him.
Alice hated driving. She especially hated driving in bad weather. She made sure she had her vision straight. Alice had to drive to work in the fog. She hated it but learned to get a driver next time.
Allie wanted a new phone. She begged her parents for one. They said no. Allie finally got her wish though. She found one under her pillow.
Dan's brother Rob had chosen a different cereal than he had. When Dan saw Rob's prize was cooler than his he was angry. He asked his brother if he could have it. He tried to take it when his brother wouldn't give it to him. Dan ended up with a 20 minute time out for being rude.
Steven loves the ocean. He goes boating every weekend. Unfortunately he got caught in a storm while on the water. Steven's boat sank. A fishermen saved him and took him to shore.
Ralph noticed a cloudy patch covering his left eye. He started to get scared so he called his eye doctor. The doctor gave him an appointment for Friday afternoon at three. Ralph was scared when the doctor told him he had cataracts. Ralph will be getting surgery on his eyes next month.
Jane had two loads of clothes. One to give to goodwill and one to clean. Her boyfriend tried to help. Unfortunately he confused the two loads. He wound up giving her dirty clothes away.
Yesterday I was waiting in the airport for a plane. The plane was delayed for 30 minutes. Something broke on the plane so they had to fix it. The plane was delayed for another three hours. I was angry so the airline gave me a free lunch.
Ivan was from the Soviet Union. He was there when the Berlin Wall came down. He tore a chunk off himself. And kept the brick as a souvenir. He eventually gave it to his grandson.
The man went to prison. He was innocent. He asked for another trial. It took five years to get one. He was found to be innocent.
Claire won a tournament at school. She got a new bike as a prize! Claire felt really proud that she had done so well. She showed off her bike in the neighborhood. Everyone was really impressed with Claire!
A homicide detective got a call about a murder. The report was about as grim as any he had ever heard. He hastened to the scene. When he arrived, all his friends were there in party hats. It had all been a ruse to get him to a surprise party.
Jane was a professor teaching piano to students. Her job was tedious and boring. One day her 8AM student didn't show. Jane was grateful for the break and took it as a chance to relax. Jane spent the morning sipping coffee and reading a book.
Tom had found old video game cartridges in his basement. He forgot he even owned them. They were extremely old. Tom wondered how much the games would sell for. After searching online, he found out they were worth a fortune!
Justin's favorite class in school was science. It had always been his dream to become an astronaut. When he entered college, he chose astronomy as his major. He soon found the classes were way too difficult for him. Justin realized his dream would never come true.
Sarah bought a flower pot at a yard sale for one dollar. She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint. Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it. She bought a rose bush and planted it in the pot. Two weeks later it had little pink roses blooming on it.
Jane had awaited the return of her sister. Her sister had just arrived and sat down next to Jane. She took out a bottle and spread out some dirt on the table. Jane felt the earth and thanks her sister for it. Jane always wanted to feel Paris in her hands.
Lily had been working for months. She saved up $10,000. Lily had never had so much money! She counted it over and over again. Then she took it to the bank and put it in her savings account.
Teddy curled his arm hair. Some girls told him it was gross. He didn't listen to them. He shaved it off to make a statement. All the girls were impressed.
Growing up we had this hideous couch at my mom's house. She had it forever. We had a lot of good memories on that couch. When my mom passed we had to decide what to do with it. We just coud not get rid of it.
I poured the hot water from the kettle into my cup. My mom came out of her bed. She continued to walk towards the kitchen. She placed her hand on the kettle when I told her not to. She ended up burning her hand.
Maryann has been waiting for her favorite game to be released. She's waited almost a year for it. She got to the store where she had to wait in line. Luckily she pre-ordered her game. Maryann is happy to finally have her game.
I was sitting in my chair. I leaned back a little too far. I heard a tiny crack. I looked down at my chair. One of the legs had a crack.
Bobby redid his kitchen. He bought a really fancy new oven. He couldn't wait to cook in it! The first time, he turned it on and smoke billowed out. There was something wrong with the oven!
My brother is forgetful. He once broke a mirror in our bathroom. He didn't clean it up and forgot to tell me about it. I walked into the bathroom and stepped on the glass. My brother was sorry for forgetting, and helped me clean up the wound.
The big football game is today. My brother is the quarterback on the home team and he's very nervous. He tries to relax by jogging around the block. When he comes back, he's limping from turning his ankle on a curb. We were all worried, but my brother was okay and helped win the game!
My friend bought some puppies the other day. She invited me over to her place to play with them. I stayed all day and played with her puppies. I got back to my house late at night. I can't wait to play with those puppies again.
Jonas wanted a new tattoo. He had a friend that owned a new tattoo parlor. Jonas drove down to check out the parlor. Jonas was offered a discount from his friend. Jonas got a tattoo that day.
The clock was ticking down rapidly. She did not think she would finish in time. She answered the second to last question. Finally the answer to the last question appeared before her. She handed in her test just in the nick of time.
Lynn had worked at her first job for a whole month. She was nervous and eager to receive her first paycheck. She hoped to buy new shoes, or maybe a new belt, depending on price. When she got the check, she gasped at the amount. On Monday, she came in wearing new shoes AND a new belt!
Joanne was interested in a career in medicine. She studied hard in college in all of her courses. She graduated with a degree in nursing. Joanne searched for the perfect hospital to work at. Now, Joanne has her dream job as a nurse.
The personal assistant arrived to the office early. She made fresh coffee and sat down at a desk. An unfamiliar account greeted her when she logged into the system. Panicked, she deleted the strange account and all of its contents. It was then she realized it belonged to her boss, the parole officer.
Jason didn't like cats. Jason's girlfriend owned a grumpy cat. Jason shouted at the cat during a visit. Jason's girlfriend told him to leave. Jason learned how to make nice with the cat.
The man put the ball into the cannon. His boss told him to fire. He touched the wick with his fire. The ball shot into the air. The enemy scattered at the sight of the incoming cannonball.
All of her life Robin loved being near the water. She was always happiest when her family vacationed at the lake. When she was older Robin moved to town located next to a large lake. After a year she decided she wanted to be closer to the water. Robin now lives in a boat house and spends all her time on the water.
Tim was walking home. He got caught in the rain. He decided to have fun and dance. Then he got really sick. He never danced in the rain again.
Chris loved the NFL. He always wanted to go to a game. So one evening his dad tells him he's gonna be taking him to a game. Chris gets so excited and jumps up and down. Chris and his dad go to the game and have a great time.
Rick bought a new sports car. But he knew his neighbor wanted one too. So he decided to let his neighbor test drive it. And it made his neighbor really happy. His neighbor thought very highly of Rick.
The duplex I lived in was really small. The owner tried to come in the back door while I was home. I had locked the chain so she couldn't get in. After I left, she came in anyway. When I got home, my rings had been stolen.
Linda wanted to save money. She enjoyed working out but her gym membership was expensive. She cancelled her gym membership. Linda bought some free weights and used free workouts online. She was able to stay active and save money at the same time.
Julia was watching a movie on her tablet. She was walking with it through her house. Suddenly, she tripped and dropped the tablet. When she picked it up, she saw that it was broken. She tried to fix it but it was no use, the screen was broken for good.
Matt played video games all of the time. He decided that he would enter a tournament for Tekken. He picked his favorite character to learn all of their moves. When the time came he entered the competition. He was able to win second place overall.
Amy's roommate Sue asked if she could wear Amy's favorite jeans. Amy allowed Sue to wear the jeans hoping they would become friends. When sue returned she was in a bathing suit and had no jeans. Amy was questioned Sue about her jeans. Sue lost Amy's favorite jeans, and didn't seem to care.
I have been training for a marathon. I am ready for the big race. I tie my shoes and start the run. I try to keep a good pace. I am so proud when I cross that finish line.
There was a turtle in a pet store The turtle did not have a name. When the kid walked into the pet store he saw the turtle. He asked his dad to buy the turtle. When they got home he named him pokey.
Willy was shown pictures of lightning bugs at school. Willy thought that they were really cool. Willy went home and waited until night time to catch one. When the sun went down, Willy went outside to catch some. He caught three dozen lightning bugs that night.
One day Max and his friends were over after school. Max was feeling hungry. He decided to make a frozen pizza. Max was busy playing video games with his friends. Max forgot about the pizza and burnt it to a crisp.
Tina and her crew were on their boat. They were getting ready to race. The horn went off and they took off. They sailed very fast. They came across the line first, far ahead of the other boats.
Mrs Molly, was Ela's favorite barbie doll. Ela loved Mrs Molly so much that she would never let go of her. One day Ela was running with Mrs Molly and tripped and broke her arm. Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly, so she bought glue. She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy.
The woman sewed a blouse. She just had enough fabric. The blouse did not fit right. She took the blouse apart. She used the fabric for something else.
Penelope was 50 lbs overweight and didn't think she could lose weight. She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week. She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet. She began to feel better and noticed her clothes getting looser. Six months later, she had lost those 50 pounds.
Lou was playing the water gun game at a carnival. He had spent his last dollar so he hoped he would win a prize. He came in first! He got to pick any prize he wanted. He selected a four foot tall monkey.
Lily had been shopping all day. She noticed a bad pain developing on her foot. Soon it was too painful to ignore so she checked it out. She was upset to see that it was a big blister. She carefully kept the blister untouched and luckily it healed fast.
Jack was six years old. He asked his mother for a puppy. His mother said she would buy him one if he would take care of it. Jack got his new puppy. Jack was very happy.
Rin worked as a cook at an all day breakfast restaurant. She prepared to cook the first order of the day. She grabbed an egg. But when she cracked it open, she saw a developed chick inside. Rin's boss gave her the day off.
Chase was going to start kindergarten in September. He needed to be registered. His mother took him to the school office. She gave them a birth certificate and immunization records. Chase is excited to begin school.
After the 5th year of having his house vandalized, Greg hated teens. Every Christmas without fail, his house would be egged and TPed. His doorbell rang, and he was fully ready to scream at the pranksters. But instead, a small child was at his door, holding a wrapped gift. That act of kindness warmed Greg's pain-hardened heart.
I have a friend who wants to vote in this election. He doesn't know how to get registered. I took him downtown to visit the registration office. We spend two hours there getting him registered. And now my friend will vote in the next election.
Henry ordered a chicken sandwich from the fast food restaurant. When he got home, he decided to eat it. The next morning, his face started to hurt. He went to the mirror to see if there are any bruises. He ended up with a pimple.
Steven had gotten in trouble at school. He was in trouble for writing on the wall. He swore it was his friend that did the vandalism. Everyone thought Steven was telling a story. Eventually, his friend admitted to doing the writing.
Our 2 year old granddaughter finally got to Boston. It was a five hour drive from New Jersey. There was a lot of traffic in CT. We waited outside for them to come. She was shy for awhile.
There was a storm coming in Iowa. The residence prepared for the storm. Carl decided he was too good to prepare for it, and didn't. His house got a fence blown into a window. He prepared next storm.
Susan was driving to work. She kept staring at the road intently. Eventually she felt dizzy and sick. She had to pull over to throw up. That woke her up and she kept better overall attention.
Mike always wanted a pet monkey. His mom said he could have a cat or dog, but Mike said no. When he got his own place, he bought a monkey. The creature made a mess and even bit Mike's hand. Mike realized he should've researched owning a monkey.
Jeffrey threw a Frisbee at Carlos. The Frisbee approached him. However, the wind blew it in another direction. It smacked Jane on the head. She had a large bruise on her head.
Brandon has been a rapper for 22 years. But no one will give him a recording contract. On facebook, a record company executive said it's a lack of talent. So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance. The executive liked the song and invited Brandon to the studio.
Tim had two cats. He noticed one of them started smelling bad. He tried giving it a bath but it only worked for a while. Tim decided to take it to a veterinarian. They gave him some special shampoo to get rid of the smell.
It was a rainy day and there was nothing to do. Bonnie and Blair decided to put on a puppet show. They prepared all morning. After lunch, they had a show for Bonnie's stuffed animals. They were a wonderful audience!
Jim loaned a book to a friend. His friend spilled juice on it. Jim was angry at his friend. Jim's friend bought him a new book. Jim was grateful to have a good friend.
Andrew is on his way home from work. He needs some gas so he pulls into a gas station. He picks up some snacks and a lottery ticket. He goes home and goes to sleep. The next morning she wakes up and realizes she has won the jackpot!
The kids were dealing cards. They were going to play a fun card game. They all bet some candy. The winner got to keep it all! They played the card game all afternoon.
Bess was driving home one day. Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise. She got out and saw that her tire had gone flat. She pulled into a gas station and unscrewed her valve caps. There, Bess filled her own tire for the first time.
There was a little grey cat. He was lost in the world. He had no friends or family. One day a little girl spotted her. The little girl took her home and made her part of the family.
Carlos wanted to throw a surprise party for Maria. Carlos planned the party for weeks and invited all of Maria's friends. On the day of the party, Carlos invited Maria over to his house. When Maria arrived, everyone jumped out to surprise her. Maria hugged Carlos because it was her best birthday ever!
Valerie came onto the stage. She tried to sing a song for the entire audience. They began to yell in a violent tone. Valerie noticed their anger but continued to sing. She was eventually hit with tomatoes.
The rain cause the boy to run inside from playing in the yard. He took with him his ball. The boy continued to play with the ball inside. He bounced it off a wall and tried to catch it. He missed badly and the ball took out a lamp.
Karen bought a bird feeder. She put it out right away. No birds ever came around. One night Karen noticed a big cat running around. She realized it had killed all the birds that got near.
My brother has always done things in extreme fashion. When he was into cameras he bought 10. When he burned DVDs he had 5,000. Now he is watching 36 tv shows on demand. He must be spending every waking hour glued to the screen.
Carlos had an interesting job. He was a scientist in a big lab. He liked to find new solutions to problems. He used his lab equipment to find a formula that would dissolve plastic. He wanted to use it to help the environment.
Zakiyyah thought she was doing well enough in school to graduate. She was told failed a class  wasn't going to graduate. She was told to go to summer school if she wanted her diploma. Zakiyyah spent her summer in school and studied hard. Zakiyyah graduated and was given her diploma.
I got in my car and began to drive home. My mind wandered to thoughts of sending a text message. I reached for my phone and could not find it. I felt around the car for where the phone was. I could not locate it in my car.
Jeremy had always felt like a girl. When he was 34, he finally could afford a sex reassignment. After the operation, he felt so much more like himself. His family needed some time to deal with his choices. But soon, they loved Jerri as much as they'd loved Jeremy!
Tyler needed to go to Walmart. He pulled up to the store and noticed cop cars. The entire store was blocked off. The cops said there was a lock down. Tyler decided to go home.
Buster was a soldier. In the war, he got burned really badly. His face was barely recognizable. After years of surgery, he looks like a human again. He is happy with it.
Michael went to an Indian buffet. He has been craving Indian food all month. Michael ate 5 plates of food. Michael also ordered 2 mango lassis. Now he has an Indian tummy-ache.
John was taking a trip. He needed a new suitcase. He got one with hard sides and wheels that rotated. When he got to the airport, the suitcase fell apart! John was very frustrated with his new purchase.
On my last day at work I did not care at all. Instead of doing work, I took a long break. I went outside and flew a kite for hours. No one even noticed I was missing. It was the best day of work I had in a long while.
Gillian had never tried horseradish. This surprised her friend, Mark, when she told him. One day, Mark was making steak sandwiches for both of them. He put a little horseradish on Gillian's sandwich. Gillian turned out not to be a fan.
Tom moved to a new city. He couldn't find a church he liked. He tried going to a black church. Tom had a lot of fun there. He returned often.
When we were kids our grandfather always visits us in our house. We were happy to see him but we were sad every time he bids goodbye. He always bring us something to eat and buys whatever we want. But one day he bids goodbye because he passed away. It was his last goodbye was it was the most painful  for us.
Jim is scheduled to leave San Francisco on Tuesday morning. But a flight opens up on Monday so he takes that one. Later that night there is a massive earthquake in San Francisco. Two hundred people die in the hotel Jim was staying at. Jim feels very lucky to be alive.
Tom was invited to dinner by his girlfriend. He wasn't paying attention to the details. It was to meet her family. Tom wasn't prepared and didn't bother to dress up. Her family was surprisingly understanding.
Seth had an injured leg and was in a wheelchair. He was saddened that he lost his mobility. He then was asked to join a wheelchair basketball team. He became very good and actually travelled with the team. Wheelchair basketball changed Seth's life.
I once had a dog named James. James was a very lazy dog. I tried to teach him to do tricks but he wouldn't learn. Eventually I started using bacon for a treat. He liked the bacon so much that he started to do tricks for it.
Sara was obsessed with a new video game on her phone. She would walk around outside while playing it all the time. One day she was so distracted that she walked into oncoming traffic. She broke several bones and was in pain for months before they healed. She made sure to stay aware of her surroundings after that.
Alex's was home with his dad. His mother who normally made breakfast was out of town. His dad made them pancakes for breakfast. The pancakes were burned and tasted terrible. They decided to eat cereal instead.
Greg road his bike to work everyday. But his roads were always in bad condition. He had to wake up extra early to make it to work on time as well. But after a few months of saving money Greg bought a car. And he was happy about how much easier it was to make it to work.
I decided to go indoor rock climbing with my friends. I put on the harness and the helmet. When I started climbing I lost balance. I scraped my knee against the wall. I started bleeding and needed a band aid.
Tom wanted a pet. Tom knew a dog or cat would be too much of a liability. Tom went to the pet store. Tom found a lizard he liked. Tom bought the lizard.
My friend had an apple tree. I helped her to pick the apples to make apple pies. She misread the instructions and used the wrong amount of butter. She was only supposed to use 2 tablespoons, but she had used 2 cups. The apple pie ended up being too moist, and the shell wouldn't hold.
My niece has a low paying job. She is supporting her teenage daughter. The other day the electricity was turned off. She got the power back on. Last week she got a second job to make ends meet.
Carlos tree in his backyard was growing to big. So Carlos decided he would cut it. So Carlos went to the store and got himself a chainsaw. Carlos cut the tree down with his chainsaw. Carlos was glad the tree was gone.
Nadine loved to skate at the rink. She laced up her skates and pulled them tight. She got onto the ice and started skating around. Some boys noticed her graceful skating ability. One boy struck up conversation and got a date with Nadine.
During the twelfth grade all the guys planned a party. We agreed to wear suites. My cousin and i went to pick up a classmate. We got stuck in mud on a dirt road. The spend of the car tossed mud all over my cousin's suit.
Jasmine took her son to the community pool. She told her son to sit down until she takes out her belongings. He didn't listen and ran towards the pool. He fell into it. Although it was his first time in the pool, he learned to swim.
Tom met a girl at work. He started dating her but was warned by others not to date at work. Tom ignored the warnings. Tom and the girl broke up and it made things awkward at work. Tom wish he had listened to his co workers.
Sue was out playing in the field. Suddenly, a crunching noise was heard under her foot. She accidentally stepped on a fallen beehive. A swarm of angry bees flew at her. Sue didn't stop running until she was safe in her home.
Dan loved to eat mangoes. Last year, Dan planted two trees in hopes to grow his own mangoes. As Dan looked in his backyard, he saw dozens of mangoes ready to eat. Dan grabbed a basket, and grabbed as much as he can. Dan was excited to see his mango trees bearing fruit in his backyard.
Shawn is very lonely. He needs to find a date. He goes to a bar to find one. He finds a pretty girl that likes him. Shawn asks for a date and she agrees.
Al was working in a fast food store. He would give away food to his friends. A co-worker reported Al. His boss even caught him on video. Al was fired from his job.
Tom needed to buy food and diapers. The problem was that he had absolutely no money. He decided to sell his favorite guitar amp. Luckily someone bought it for more than he needed. The money helped even though he was very sad.
Jake woke up earlier than his girlfriend. He decided to cook breakfast. He made enough for both. By the time she woke up it was ready. She ate it without ever thanking him for it.
Some of my favorite childhood memories stem from going to the beach. One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha's Vineyard. Martha's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches. When I went last year the water was beautiful and crystal clear. I cannot wait to go back.
Kia's baby had colic and had not slept in weeks. Kia had been up with him every night. Finally the doctor gave him some medicine to soothe him. He slept through the night, finally! Kia was relieved to get eight blissful hours of sleep!
Thomas was plugging in his television. He had a lot of wires laying around. One wasn't fully plugged into the wall. Thomas accidentally touched it wrong and felt a shock. He then proceeded to pay more attention.
The man saw a moose. He stopped the car to look. The moose started running. The man followed in his car. The man passed the moose after a while.
Milton is cooking a nice meal for his girlfriend. He decides to let it cook while he plays some games. Milton forgets the pasta on the stove. Milton rushes back into the kitchen. It's no use as Milton has burnt the pasta beyond repair.
John knows he will feel better if he gets a few things done today. He decides to run some errands. John drops off clothing at the laundromat and goes shopping. When he returns home he feels tired. John is glad he finished doing some things today.
Shana's friend Amy was getting married. Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work. She had everyone bring a dish for breakfast. Everyone came to the library and Amy arrived. Amy was completely surprised and happy.
Bob worked at the local grocery store. He decided to steal a dollar a day from the cash register. For a few years, no one noticed his thefts. Then, one day, his boss caught him! Bob was arrested and sentenced to prison.
My family was getting ready for Christmas. They had been waiting for a couple months for December to come. When November hit we already had our Christmas tree up and ready. Once i was December we had all our lights and presents under the tree. This year was the best Christmas we ever had.
Winter had just arrived. Anna had no boots. She couldn't afford to buy a pair. Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $5. Anna was able to keep her feet warm that winter after all!
Mark was feeling hungry. There was no food in the house. He decided to go to a restaurant. He forgot most restaurants closed today. There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open.
Michael's old desk broke. His cat had scratched the legs of his desk. Michael did not like seeing these scratches while he worked. So, he purchased a new desk online. Now, Michael works at a new desk.
Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. He looked all around his office, to no avail. He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.
I took karate lessons every Friday for two years. One day there was a karate grand master there. I challenged him to a one on one duel. I managed to beat the karate grand master. What a great day that was.
Lisa was checking out Facebook. She noticed a woman giving away free homeopathic pillows. She decided to ask for one. Then, she picked the pillow up and brought it home. It wasn't really helpful for illness, but it was a cozy pillow.
Alex owned a lot of money to a loan shark. He was desperate to make money as fast as he could to repay the loan. He went to the casino and gambled everything he had left. In a lucky strike, he quadrupled his earnings. He then paid the loan shark and swore to never borrow money again.
Denise was at the park feeding the ducks with her boyfriend. Denise then turned to her boyfriend and asked him a question. Denise asked if a duck was a bird. Denise's boyfriend could not believe she asked that question. Denise immediately knew she was having a blonde moment.
Petrov bought himself a fish tank. He selected a variety of freshwater fish for the tank. Soon after, one of the fish began eating the others. Eventually Petrov had just one fish that kept growing. That fish grew to be five inches long, and lived for several years.
Lindsay needed some fresh air. Her office with in the basement with no sunlight. She decided to take walks outside every few hours. Things started to feel less stuffy. She ended up feeling much better after taking walks.
Bill had just went shopping for a new t shirt. He payed alot of money for his new shirt. He was out to lunch in his new shirt. He ordered a slice of pizza. Bill bit into his pizza and sauce dripped all over his shirt.
One day my Microwave stopped working. We tried everything to see what could have happened. Something told me to check the Plug. Someone had pulled it out by accident. We plugged it back in and it's working fine now.
The kids had an important job. They raised the flag every day before school. One day, it was raining. They still marched outside and raised the flag up the pole. They felt it was their duty to the school to do it.
The man brewed his first batch of beer. He set the bottles of beer in the closet to ferment. One day he heard a loud pop. One of the bottles had exploded. He threw out all of the first batch of beers.
Veronica had a great deal of electronic expertise. One of Veronica's friends sold her a broken laptop computer. Veronica repaired the laptop so she could sell it for a profit. When Veronica tested the laptop, she really liked it. Veronica decided to keep the laptop rather than sell it.
The angry villagers gathered in the town's square. They shouted and motioned towards the castle on the hill. Their torches were lit and their pitchforks were ready. They steadily made their way into the hills and down the winding road. The king's rule would end tonight.
My school was hosting a paper airplane contest. I decided to take part in the contest. I researched paper airplanes. I designed a paper airplane. I won the contest!
Sally was entered in the pie eating contest at her Church's Field Day. She was excited about getting to eat a blueberry pie with no hands. When she went to take her mark, she tripped face first into the pie. Everyone laughed and Sally was embarrassed. She still got to eat the pie, though.
Miley needed some extra cash, so she dropped a college class. She used the refunded money to buy some new clothes. She didn't think her parents would find out, but they did. Her dad was very upset with her, and sought some creative punishment. The next semester, he made Miley take a philosophy course in ethics.
Ronny enjoyed feeding ducks at a local pond. She would buy a loaf of bread to break up and spread. The ducks came to expect her arrival. She soon felt that the duck count was getting overwhelming. Ronny sought other forms of casual entertainment.
Amy liked to bake. She made a huge batch of cornbread. She slathered it with butter. She packed it in her lunch. She was looking forward to eating it!
Sam loved to skateboard. He was at the skate park and tried a new trick. The new trick was really dangerous. Sam accidentally fell from the ramp. Sam landed badly on his leg and broke it.
Gabriel wanted to make his own video game. He started reading books about how to make one. He started practicing some programming. He finally put together his video game. He was very pleased with the results.
Grady had a big aquarium. He filled it with tropical fish. He loved looking at the tank while he drifted off to sleep. He had big plans for adding more fish. The fish had become his favorite entertainment.
Lucy wanted a sweet treat. Her grandma suggested they make cookies. Lucy was excited because she loved cooking with grandma. The cookies were great. The time spent with grandma was better.
Tom was playing video games with a friend. He had anger issues. Tom was losing badly and his friend was making fun. Tom threw the controller at his friend's face. His friend was hurt and kicked Tom out.
Chase was two years old. His grandpa wants Chase to have a bright future. He decided to open a money market account for his grandson. Within months, his investment grew. Chase will be able to go to college one day.
Alex likes to play basketball. He challenged his neighbor to a game. The neighbor is much taller than Alex. The neighbor won the game easily. Alex no longer asks his neighbor to play basketball.
Cole was taking a martial arts class. He attended the class every week. Cole was very attentive in his class. The instructor said he was one of the best students. Cole quickly moved up in ranks.
Ron wanted to dye his hair. He'd seen a new color at the store he just had to try out. He had to spent hours bleaching his dark hair blonde first though. It was stinky lengthy work but finally he could apply the dye. His hair turned out even better than he could have imagined.
Gina was enrolling in high school. She was alone for the majority of the process. She sat in an office with windows and waited to be called. She thought it would be an hour or two when she started at 7 AM. It was now lunch time and she was still waiting.
My son's sister was born prematurely. She had a heart defect. It was corrected shortly after birth by surgery. He was very worried about her. Ever since, he has been extremely protective over her.
Michael decided that he wanted to travel across Asia. Michael raised money constantly for money. He got two jobs to help support his dream. After hours and hours of work he finally had his money. His quit his jobs and went on his way happier than ever.
Miles went to the basketball court. Miles saw a bunch of people there. Miles joined in their basketball game. Miles scored 20 points and won the game. Miles went home victorious.
My friends came to my house last weekend for board game night. We started out playing a game my friend brought called Dead of Winter. It was a cool game where we all tried to survive against zombies. We loved that it was equally collaborative and competitive. I liked it so much that I'm going to buy a copy of it for myself!
Artists came for a competition. The best work was selected. The winners stood on stage. One of them declined the award. Everyone was shocked.
Dan wanted a pet for Christmas. He told his dad. His dad listened, but didn't say anything. So on Christmas morning, And got a wonderful surprise. He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it's head!
Amy wanted to earn extra money this summer. She decided to open up a lemonade stand. Unfortunately, she did not have the money to buy the supplies. Amy's dad brought all the supplies and surprised Amy. Amy was elated that she could finally get her lemonade stand started.
Amy had a crush on Ray. Ray had a girlfriend. Amy went on her friend who was also Ray's sisters Facebook. There was a picture of Ray with his girlfriend. Amy spent an hour viewing all the image of the girls she could find.
Before my friend James died he wrote a letter. He told me he was sending it the next day. I believe he died before he sent it. I searched his apartment up and down to find it. When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me.
Tim wanted to send money to his family in Eastern Europe. He was not sure how to do so. His family did not own a bank account. Tim thought bitcoin would be the best way. Tim sent the money using bitcoin.
My sister in law came by to visit yesterday. She stayed for a cup of coffee. When she was talking, she looked away from us. This bugged my wife out to no end. She said nothing, however.
I saw myself in the mirror after getting out of the shower. There was a lot more flab around my waist than I remembered. I immediately put on my workout clothes. I drove to the gym. I began a new workout regimen to lose some weight.
Blaine wanted to be a country music star. He would spend all of his time writing and singing. Blaine was singing at a local talent show. He was discovered by a record label employee. Blaine was asked if he wanted to sign a record deal.
Allie went to the beach with her family. When they got there they made a sandcastle. It was great. But then someone came and knocked it over. Allie as so disappointed.
The Johnson family had money, but couldn't find happiness. In their search for happiness, they bought an island. When they arrived at the island there was a huge storm! The Johnson family barely made it due to working together. Now they find solace and peace within each other, not goods.
Tom was walking in his apartment at night. He didn't bother to turn on the lights. He tripped and fell into a mirror. The glass broke and Tom cut himself. It was pretty bad and he bled.
Ken left his house in a rush one morning. He heard his door creak as he slammed it shut. This bothered Ken a lot. When he got home he took out a can of oil. Ken oiled the door hinge so it didn't make any noise.
Fatima was an immigrant who worked hard as a maid every day. Her rich boss was a mean man who preyed on her illegal status. He would often dock pay for minor infractions from her daily chores. She had to endure this pain and no one ever came for her to survive. This is the life she lived and couldn't have it any other way.
John and Jim wanted to go to Wallmart. Once they get to wal mart John realizes that he forgot his wallet. John was patting his pocket and Jim noticed. Jim told John that he would pay. John was happy because Jim helped him.
It was Ariana's first day bar tending and she was excited. The only problem was that Kristen came up to her and yelled at her. Kristen was mad this Ariana was friends with her boyfriend. Kristen told Ariana to stay away. Kristen looked at her quizzically and rolled her eyes.
Elena went shopping for a new couch. At the furniture store she chose a comfortable sofa. She paid for her couch. The deliverers brought the couch to her apartment. She sat on the couch and admired its comfort.
Jace collected swords. He had a large collection of expensive swords. Jace found out he was going to be a father. He sold a couple of the swords. Jace used the money to buy items for the nursery.
Damon was a very athletic boy. He dreamed of being a football star his whole life. His sophomore year of high school, things fell into place for him. He earned a starting spot on the varsity football team. Damon excelled at his position and was scouted nationally.
Joe's mom handed him a dollar. She'd told him he would get an allowance if he did chores. Joe had mowed and done laundry and walked the dog. He thought he had gotten ripped off. Joe decided not to do chores anymore.
We went to a food truck. I was apprehensive about trying the street sauce. It looked disgusting. My friend encouraged me to try it. It turned out to be delicious.
Scott dreamed of being an astronaut. He studied hard in school and learned about science and math. He was accepted into NASA and went through their rigorous training. He was tempted to quit training but persevered. NASA sent him to the International Space Station.
I woke up early enough to make coffee to take to work with me. I put it in a thermos and went to my car. On the way there I dropped the thermos. The coffee went flying everywhere. I had forgotten to put a lid on it.
Janice was arguing with her boyfriend of eight years. They had argued before but this time felt different. After some time, they both agreed that it was time to breakup. It was especially hard because of their long history. Luckily, they were able to move on fairly quickly.
It was the day after thanksgiving shopping with mother. We was headed to walmart to secure some last minute xmas gifts. That's when we realized we was missing the main attraction. We was so used to Dad buying our xmas trees we was naive to the fact. That's when we ran across an artificial tree fully decorated.
The Clarence sisters were great at jumping rope. At recess they would practice all the time. They were always trying new tricks and skills. They were so good people watched them do their jump rope. Everyone agreed they were the best.
Sharon was trying to lose weight. She started recording everything she ate. She cut her calories and started exercising daily for 1-2 hours. She avoided the scale for a month. When she finally weighed herself, Sharon had gained 23 pounds.
Zach was volunteering at a festival. He was given a QR code and asked to hand it out to the crowd. Whoever could get the most scans would win prize money. Zach worked hard all day to get as many scans as possible. He ended up winning and the money was his.
Susie ordered a bagel. She wanted to eat it. So she took a bite. It was not good. She needed up burning herself.
Meg signed the last of the papers and it was done. She squealed smiling down at her copy of the mortgage. She would be a homeowner she thought pushing her chair back. She gathered up the papers and shook hands with everyone. Walking out of the attorney's office, Meg was on cloud nine.
Al was running late for work. He couldn't find his car keys. He checked the kitchen table, where he normally leaves them. He looked in every room in the house to no avail. Al was embarrassed when he realized the keys were in his pants pocket.
Hana was attended a political event in her hometown. It was projected to be a long day, but Hana did not pack snacks. Hana got so hungry she decided to buy lunch out. The meals ended up being very expensive. The next day of the event, Hana made sure to pack snacks.
Kate had gone swimming at the park. She hadn't asked for permission from her mother. Her mother found out and was very upset. Kate was grounded for a week as a result. Kate was stuck in the house watching boring daytime TV for a week.
In 2013 I noticed one section of my scrotum was larger than the other. I was concerned and saw my doctor. She had an ultrasound performed on me. They diagnosed a hernia. I had a successful operation.
A few years I worked a retail job over break. We had to wear very high heels. It was very painful. When I would get home my feet would be swollen. I thought it was horrible.
When I was little, I saw the movie "Jaws". For some time after that I was afraid to take a bath. My brother told me that sharks will come and get me. He said that they could swim up and come out the drain. Mother told me the truth and brother got yelled at.
Ana needed to buy more groceries for the work week. She drove to the store. She put eggs, milk, bread, and cheese into her cart. She went to the checkout area and paid for all her food. She drove home and had enough food for the week!
Kelly purchased the Harry Potter game for her iPad. At first she thought she wouldn't like it but she loved it. She had so much fun playing it. She was stuck on a level for a long time. Thankfully she beat it.
Brandon came home to his house with his friend Anthony. Brandon's girlfriend was in the bed. She smoked all of Brandon's drugs. He punched her in the face and screamed, I'm the king in here! Someone called the police they arrested Brandon.
Maggie and her boyfriend max were having a rough time. Max decided it was time for them to break up. Maggie was devastated. She cried into her pillow for days. Finally she moved on a week later.
Charlie was fired from his job. Charlie found that he needed a new job if he wanted money. He searched the classified ads for job openings. Because he had no skills he could find no job he was qualified for. After searching fruitlessly Charlie instead enlisted in the military.
Dakota broke the heel of her shoe in a manhole. She looked around and there was no one. She removed her shoes and put it in her purse. She hopped to the closest shoe store. When she got out, she resumed her walk as if nothing had happened.
Rick was running in the woods when he had an allergic reaction. He had to stop and walk because it was hard to breathe. He made it out of the woods to an office building. A security guard called an ambulance for him. After that Rick always carried an Epipen.
I had a few pesky trees in my yard. I bought a saw and gloves. I went back home and brought my tools. I walked over to the tree and began to cut it. I cut the tree down and put the tools away.
Ms T's class had a pet bunny. It was kept in a cage in the back of the class. Occasionally, students were allowed to play with the bunny. One day, Sam fed the bunny french fries. The bunny became sick and was removed from the class.
Fred like going to the computer lab at lunch time. But the computer teacher began to worry about Fred. She suggested that he play with the other kids instead. But Fred had no interest in doing so. The computer teacher ended up being Fred's only friend.
I wanted to try black coffee. My dad laughed at me and said it tasted terrible. He gave me a sip in the cold night air. I shivered all over and yelled that it was gross. He just laughed again and kept drinking his coffee.
Kate needed to rent a SUV for a road trip. She found an email with a coupon code. She went online to make the reservation. She was able to save $40 on with the coupon code. The discount made her more excited than the trip itself.
I developed an obsession with the Titanic. I read all the books and started watching documentaries. I felt like I could not get enough. Eventually my interest began to wane. I moved on to reading about the Holocaust.
Jen has a big exam tomorrow. She pulled an all-nighter to study. The next day she went to class extremely tired. Jen fell asleep at her desk. She slept right through her exam and failed.
Sam had a project to do for film class. She decided to make a scary movie. She had her friends go outside and act. Then she edited all of the scenes. Finally, she turned it in.
Josh was starving to death. He lived on the streets with a small group of friends. They had not had anything substantial to eat in days. So when he was walking and saw a ham hanging in a window, he stole it. Josh and his friends ate very well that night.
Jameson loved his new car. His car was a lot faster than his previous one. It was so fast that he accidently got caught speeding on the motorway. Jameson got a speeding ticket and points on his licence. He decided to get a slower car to avoid the temptation to speed.
Marc met Annie at the optometrist's office where she worked. They managed to have a nice conversation about music. It was very natural and occurred as he waited his turn. Marc felt intrigued and hoped Annie would befriend him. He set out to help her in her quest to obtain an electric bass.
My cat Midnight lived life as long as I have. We have the same birthday, in the same year. She was always the sweetest pet, to comfort you when life went poorly. Her life span is nothing like ours, and as we aged it took a toll. Midnight doesn't exist, but her memory lives with me forever.
I forgot to do the laundry. Everyone was frustrated with me. I tried to find enough clothes for everyone. Eventually I put together outfits for each kid. I spent the rest of the day washing clothes.
Annie loved to visit her uncle's farm. Her uncle invited Annie to see the new baby animals. Annie arrived just when a foal was being born. She was angry because her uncle wouldn't let her in the barn. Annie pushed past to see the foal lying dead in the hay.
The crowd had cheered Ivy and Luke's tightrope performance. Back on the ground, Ivy quickly changed into street clothes. She went to the food tent for some dinner. Ivy covered her plate with delicious food and sat down at a table. A giant of a man sat down next to her.
Timmy asked his parents if they could get a puppy. His parents told him it was a lot of responsibility. Timmy wanted to prove he was responsible. He did his chores for a full month without forgetting anything. Timmy's parents agreed he was responsible enough to get him a puppy.
Phil is Mormon. His girlfriend is not Mormon. Phil knew he had to go on a mission. He told his girlfriend he would not see her for two years. His girlfriend decided to break up with him.
One day I had to get money at an ATM. I couldn't find one so I just went to the bank. They had a limit on their ATM so I couldn't get all the cash I needed. I asked the bank teller if there was a way around that and he helped. On my way home I called my mom and told her it went well.
We thought the dog might have heartworms. She started panting for no reason. We took her to see the vet. She was tested and it came back negative. We started giving her a monthly pill.
Aya hated babysitting her little brother Jo. She was five years older, so she was the built-in sitter. But when Jo grew older and smarter, her mind changed. She started to relish the time she had alone with her little brother. Soon she relished the hours spent babysitting her little Jo!
Anthony didn't have a permit to park in the student parking lot. He decided to park at the curb on a major highway. As he slowed down a car pulled away from the curb and hit his door. Anthony got out but locked his keys and cell phone inside the car. A man walking past prayed someone would help Anthony.
Tom's cat kept scratching itself. Tom realized it had fleas. He tried store medicine for it. It didn't work. Tom had to take it to a veterinarian.
I had used a loan shark to buy a car. Alas, I couldn't afford to pay him back. He threatened to kill my family if I didn't pay him. I had to sell most of my household belongings to make the payment. In the end, I learned to never again use a loan shark.
Brian saw a help wanted sign in a store as he walked down the street. He went inside to inquire about the position. The owner of the store said that the position was filled. The owner apologized and took down the sign. Brian left in a huff!
Glenn decided to try a new mexican restaurant. He was to choose from the menu. He asked the waiter for his opinion. The waiter suggested tacos. Needless to say Glenn was satisfied with his new experience.
Debbie's cat was stuck up in the giant oak tree. She was too embarrassed to call the fire department. A neighbor suggested she make some cooing sounds to bring it down. Debbie made the best soothing sounds she could. A hawk heard them and flew by, snatching the cat from the tree.
Lori's class was supposed to be dissecting frogs. Lori and several others expressed outrage at the idea. Lori's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class. Lori considered the importance of grades versus principles. She picked up a knife and started dissecting the frog.
Gina opened the cupboard one morning. She had a choice of five cereals waiting for her. She closed her eyes to pick one at random. When she fell on Lucky Charms, she sighed. She should have picked the Cheerios instead.
The director was making a movie. He told the actors to stop. He told one of the actors how to act. The director started the scene. He thought it was a better take.
Gene wanted to buy a luxury car to replace his old Volvo. He went to the car dealer, but the employees didn't believe him. He told them to show him a Mercedes. They did so reluctantly. They were flabbergasted when he paid cash before driving the car away.
Rita lived in a trailer with her hillbilly boyfriend. Rita was tired of living in filth. She wanted better for her and her 15 kids. She made a move on the new man living next door Dandy. Rita eventually left her boyfriend for her new Rich man Dandy.
I went shopping for halloween candy. I bought two large bags of assorted candies. I took them home to give out to children. We stood by the door in our costumes all evening. We were disappointed when no one ever showed up.
The doorbell rang. I opened the door. It was the police. They asked if they could come inside. I agreed and then they told me my son had just been killed.
My father took my to the national history museum. There was an exhibit on butterflies. The inside of the exhibit was warm and steamy. There were colorful butterflies everywhere. My dad bought me a toy butterfly when we left.
Last night I went to a restaurant. I ordered a pizza. Unfortunately it was too burnt. I had to return it. I never went back.
I decided I no longer wanted to go to a hair salon. The cost was too expensive and not worth it. So I decided to get a pair of shears myself. I went to the drugstore and picked up a pair. I then went at it on my hair.
Yesterday I was craving meatballs all day. Today, my boyfriend went to the store. He bought all the ingredients to make meatballs. I began to make the meatballs and it took some time. The meatballs were done by dinner time.
Bill was struggling during a geometry test. But he figured if he got the last question right, he could pass. The last question required a ruler and a compass. But when Bill reached into his backpack, he couldn't find one. Bill guessed and turned in his test with a frown.
Allan smoked cigarettes for 30 years. He began to have health problems so he wanted to quit smoking. He tried cold turkey but that didn't work. He tried being hypnotized to quit and that didn't work. But when he tried the Nicorette gum he successfully quit in 30 days!
Serena was planning a surprise for her husband's birthday. She wanted to throw him a party, but his schedule was tough. He would always arrive home at widely different times. To get around it, she worked with his co-workers. Together they were able to surprise him perfectly.
Rowan and his friend Alma went skating. Rowan went on half pipe and jumped off to do a trick. On the way down he fell wrong and broke his leg. Rowan was in pain and cried for help. Alma called the ambulance and they took him to the hospital.
Pauline met her husband when she was 20 years old. They dated for 3 years and then got married. They just celebrated their 50th year of marriage and had a big party. 3 months later she broke the news to her family that she was unhappy. She no longer wanted to be married and filed for divorce at 70.
Morgan is summoned to the city hall. The governor is recognizing Morgan for her hard work. Morgan started an initiative to beautify the city. The governor gives Morgan the award. Morgan is very happy her hard work is being recognized.
John was nervous to go rafting. He was afraid of falling over. The guide assured him everything would be fine. John trusted him and had fun. He made it all the way without falling.
Terry took his kid to mcdonald's. The kid loved the playpen. The kid went on the bouncing area. They then ate some food. They had fun.
Julie saw something weird. She noticed something bleeding in her mouth. She then realized she lost a tooth. She put it under her pillow. The tooth fairy came.
Tom called customer support for his cell phone provider. Tom received excellent service. Tom wanted to somehow thank the customer service associate. At the end of the call, Tom was asked to complete a survey. Tom took the survey and gave a positive review.
Nancy walked into the party room. She stopped for a minute to gaze into the chandelier. She also decided to stay beneath it. After a few seconds, one piece of the chandelier broke. It eventually fell on Nancy's back.
Sara planted a tiny seed in a tiny flowerpot. Each day she watered it and watched it anxiously. Her little sprout appeared and grew slowly each day. She set it outside in the sun to grow and flourish. After a month, her plant produced four lovely flowers!
My son wanted to be a cook when he was 8. My wife bought a pizza stone and some dough one day. My son kneaded the dough and made a pizza. We ate the pizza and praised him. My son went to college and did not become a cook.
There was a dog who loved when his owner took him to the beach. One sunny day he called Spray  to the beach. They drove over, and the dog jumped out of the car. It ran straight into the water. The dog was very happy to have a trip to the beach.
The kitten was very tiny. It looked up at me with perfectly round eyes. It was very cute. It meowed pitifully at my door. I couldn't resist letting it come inside.
The boss stood in front of his employees to give a speech. He began the speech with a story that turned out to be a joke. None of the employees caught on that it was a joke. No one laughed at the punchline. The boss became embarrassed and his face turned red.
They say that life can change in the blink of an eye, they're right. On a day off I took a step that forever changed the course of my life. I stepped in a huge hole, both figuratively and literally. That day I broke my ankle and tore all of the ligaments and tendons. That moment was the start of sixty surgeries and countless pain.
Will went on a business trip to California. Because he went for business, his wife had to stay at home. While Will was in California, he went to Disneyland. He called his wife to tell her how much fun he had. Will's wife hung up the phone on him.
We went to the museum to see the new Mummy exhibit. It was amazing to see all these dead artifacts. They have been maintained for all these years. They showed the different processes of mummification. I was amazed and was glad to have gone.
When we were at Hollywood Studios we were able to do a meet and greet. We went to the location and waited to find out who it would be with. We were surprised to find out it was Darth Vader. My nephews were so excited to meet the dark Lord. We all had our pictures taken and really enjoyed the experience.
Cindy loves this Greek restaurant next to her apartment. She always goes there on the weekends. One of her friends told her that it was shut down yesterday. Someone bought them out and is opening a store in it's place. Cindy now has to find a new Greek restaurant to eat at.
Rita was drinking some water. She always loved drinking water. Unfortunately she started choking. It went down the wrong way. She ended up being alright.
I had never been on space mountain before. So I decided to give it a go. I was rather nervous. As soon as it took off I screamed. It was just too much for me.
I took my little sister to the playground. She wanted to swing on the swings. I put her in the swing and began pushing her. However, the chains broke. Luckily, I was able to stop the swing.
I've been training my dog to do tricks. I've taught him a few so far. Last week I taught him how to play dead. It impressed all my friends. My dog was happy to get the treats and attention.
Macie's parents offered her a new bike if she got an A on her test. She decided she would study really hard to get that grade. Her friends called her to come out and play but she said no. She even stayed up late to make sure she studied everything. Sure enough, Macie got an A and her parents bought her a new bike.
David was driving fast down the interstate. His new sports car was one of the fastest on the road. David heard a noise coming from his engine. He panicked and pulled over worried. He opened the hood to find white smoke coming from his engine.
Tom and Sarah love kittens and they always wanted one. They saw a sign that said free kittens. Off they went. They found the perfect kitten. Kitten came home and all were happy.
Tom liked to download things on the computer. He often did this without checking the safety of the website. One day, his computer stopped working. He took it to a technician, who said it had a virus. Tom suddenly wished he had been more careful downloading files.
Tim was fishing with friends. They had all been drinking beers. They got a bit rowdy and rocked the boat. Eventually it tipped over. They all laughed about it.
Gina wore short pants to class. She wanted to hide away from the teaching assistant. The assistant noticed that Gina was staring at her a lot. She eventually walked to Gina and noticed her shorts. Gina was kicked out of the lab.
I was hanging out with my friends at the park. My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready. However, I stayed at the park for a few more minutes. I eventually left to go home. My mom told me that the food was completely gone.
Tommy was supposed to conduct research on a project. The project was for his job, Since he barely had time to work on the project today, he got mad. He ended up copying information from several resources online. When Tommy's boss found out, he tired Tommy.
Ben slept throughout the entire afternoon. His mom woke him up. She forced him to clean his room. When he dozed off, she took a belt and attacked him. He jumped and got out of his bed.
Leah was celebrating her 10th birthday. The party was a luau theme and all of her friends were there. Everyone gathered in their hula skirts to sing to Leah. She opened gifts and everyone enjoyed the cake. Everyone swam until the party ended later that afternoon.
My car broke down on the highway. I had to call for help. The tow truck came in about an hour. He took it to the auto repair shop. Once it's done I will be off and driving again.
Sara moved to Japan when she was 25. She had taken Japanese in college, but still needed practice. At first, she had a very difficult time communicating with others. Then, she moved in with a Japanese family and her Japanese improved. After one year, she was completely fluent in Japanese.
Tom had to fire an employee. He was manic and constantly getting into fights and trouble. Tom was afraid to do it. He waited until Friday afternoon hoping it would go over better. It didn't and the employee returned on Monday.
Eva was a foreign student visiting a university in America. Eva met a student named Matt who she really liked. Eva and Matt dated for several months. Eva and Matt decided to get married. Now Eva is a wife and a citizen of two countries.
I needed to move my car out of the garage so I could fix my motorcycle. The car had been sitting for about six months. When I tried to start it the battery was dead and it would not start. I put the battery charger on it and waited for a while. When I tried it again it started so I could move it.
Chad created an app to translate the bible to the Klingon language. It became a success and made Chad rich and famous. A company saw the story about the app in Business Insider. They offered Chad 6 times revenue to buy the app. Chad sold it to them and became even wealthier.
Her hair was beginning to get split ends. She called the salon to make an appointment. When she got there, they were friendly to her. She got a special seat near the front. They talked and laughed while cutting her hair.
Trista was really shy. She tried to overcome her shyness by trying out for a school play. To her surprise she got the main part. On the opening night of the play she forgot several lines. Trista was very embarrassed.
Jenny loved to skateboard with her friends after school. One day she decided not to wear her knee pads. Jenny fell and scraped her knees very badly. When she came home her mother scolder her for not wearing knee pads. Jenny decided never to skate without knee pads again.
Layla was scared of dentists. Her mom drove her to the dentist for a cleaning. When they got to the dentist, she refused to leave the car. Her mom said that if she went inside she would get ice cream after. Layla let up and went into the dentist after all.
I walked with my sister to the parade early in the morning. We found a spot to stand right on the curb. When the parade started, the marchers threw candy toward us. Both of us scrambled and collected ten pieces of candy each. We considered it a successful parade day.
Neil was on a tour through Belgium. His tour company was very friendly. They helped the tour passengers become friends. Neil ate meals and saw sights with his new friends. After the tour, he realized he had made lifelong friends!
Ryan, Tom, and Matt got in the pickup to go hunting. They drove to a field that looked like a good hunting spot. Ryan and Tom got out of the pickup and started hunting. Matt was following them in the pickup, but the field was muddy. The pickup got stuck in the mud and that ended the hunting trip.
Kate's family was going on a trip to Mississippi. Kate was sure it would be boring. But there were fruit trees, and chickens to chase. She no longer thought it would be a boring trip. Kate now thought she would enjoy this adventure.
Brenda wanted to go on a trip to Disneyland. She didn't have very much money. She decided to start babysitting kids in her neighborhood Soon, she had enough money to go to Disneyland. She had a great time on her trip!
I was in jail when I could not afford traffic tickets. I was there for a week. I had to cook the food. The work was easy. There was plenty to eat.
Mary was watching her favorite TV show. She ate some snacks. Suddenly the window in the bathroom opened. She heard broken glass sound. She called the police.
Romano decided to enter an art contest. He painted for weeks, but didn't like anything he made. Finally, he decided to paint a portrait of his friend. When he was done, he sent the portrait into the contest. It won first prize!
Jane was reading in bed. Suddenly, she noticed loud music coming from next door. She tried to ignore it but it persisted for hours. Finally, she marched next door. She yelled at her neighbor, who apologized profusely.
Marty plucked the hot sweet potato from the ashes. It was steaming, but he verified that it was soft too. Tossing the potato back and forth between his hands, he went inside. Once there, set the potato down and got a bowl and butter. He peeled it and dropped it into the bowl with the  butter.
Dennis decides he wants more hours at work. He decides he doesn't want to ask his boss for more hours. So, instead he just dawdles at night before he clocks out. But his boss is taking notice and tells him to stop. Dennis decides to ask his boss for more hours.
Facebook just showed me my year in review. I was not interested in posting it. Many of my friends posted theirs. I thought it was ok. I just did not like the idea of being manipulated.
Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater. He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases. He went to his usual movie theater yesterday. He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off. Lester was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down.
Stephen lived with his mom and dad well into his thirties. He couldn't imagine living without his mom and dad to coddle him. One day he met a girl and they went out for a meal. Things went well until he told her he still loved at home. She never called him back and Stephen was crushed.
Joseph went to the garage to have his car repaired. He was told it would take two hours and he sat down on a bench. After two hours, he was told to wait another half hour. Joseph was starting to be impatient but waited anyway. After three hours his car was repaired and he could go home.
I was 9 years old. I was always getting sore throats. I went to the doctor. They said I needed my tonsils out. I had the surgery and ate ice cream.
Today was street cleaning day. Any car parked across from our building would be towed. At 9 AM, three tow trucks drove up and started towing. A woman ran quickly across the street. She was lucky to avoid being towed.
In the fall of 2000, my 11-year old son had a science project. He had to make a model of the solar system. We drove to an art supply shop in Cambridge. A half hour drive took ninety minutes. There was heavy traffic to due to the Head of the Charles Regatta.
We sat down to talk about our problems. He said he wanted to work it out. I told him I didn't know if we could. He said he would start to change. I told him I would try one more time.
I was at school. And a man tried to get me to donate money for a food organization. I told him I didn't have much money. But he kept bullying me into giving him more and more. Afterwards, I learned to avoid any strangers who ask for my help.
Les wanted to get tickets to Wimbledon. He found out the more economical tickets were sold out. He discovered he couldn't afford what was left, which were pricier. To his surprise, his friend gave him two tickets for his birthday. Les went to the event with his friend, and had a great time.
I woke up one morning for work very late. I threw on my clothes and quickly left my house. I drove down the highway as fast as I could. When I arrived, my manager told me I was fired. I had to return to my car and go back home.
Bill was late on the rent. It was the third time. If he didn't pay soon he would be evicted. Bill didn't have the money to pay. He had to move out within the month.
Jake loved his house. However, Jake had a problem. There were spiders that crawled in his bed. He sprayed the whole room with bug spray. The spiders left and he was happy.
Henry walked on the shuttle. The bus driver took his payments and directed him to the seats. He sat down. The bus ride took an hour until it arrived near his stop. When Henry stood up, his wallet fell on the side of the bus.
Andy had never been to the zoo before, and today was his first visit. Andy knew he wanted to see nothing else but the zebras. Andy always thought of the zebras as a mystical animal. In addition, Andy loved seeing the stripes on the zebra as well. Andy was excited to see the zebra exhibit at the zoo.
John was doing some spring cleaning. He was cleaning the floors when he found ants on the ground! John screamed in terror. Afterwards, John sprayed bug spray all over his floors. He mopped his floors with soap and water right afterwards.
Lenny worked at a museum. He loved his job and was happy to be there. One day they told him that they needed to lay him off. This devastated Lenny but he was determined to find another job. Lenny found another job in a better museum and is even happier.
Jake liked his steak rare. He ordered it like that over the weekend. When he got it Jake noticed it was still frozen. That's not how rare he wanted it. The staff apologized and replaced it.
Fran was looking to buy a house in North Dakota. She needed high speed internet because her only income was online. Fran called the local provider and asked if they serviced the address. The customer care representative asked for a moment while she checked. She returned and told Fran that they did indeed service that address.
Franco visited his grandfather's farm last week. He discovered a very old trail that led to a rundown shack. Franco found a small trunk while exploring the shack. Inside the trunk was several piece of gold from the Spanish Armada. Franco became very rich when he sold the gold to a museum.
Amy loved to eat syrup. She would eat it with everything. One day, Amy ran out of syrup. Amy had to rush to the store to purchase more. After that, Amy was able to eat with syrup.
Little Timmy packed up his GI Joe Headquarters and walked outside. He marched up the block, planning to never go home again. After crossing a few streets, Timmy began to cry. He wanted to go home, but didn't know if he was welcome. Then Timmy's dad appeared from behind a hedge and took him home.
Bob played in a baseball game on Saturday. He came up to the plate in the last inning tied with the bases loaded. Bob's coach signaled for a suicide squeeze bunt. He swung away instead and struck out. Bob is no longer on the baseball team.
Cliff was walking down the street and he saw a woman crying. He asked her why she was crying. She told him she lost her cat. Cliff decided to help her find her cat and eventually they found it. The woman was grateful and kissed Cliff on the cheek.
Olivia went with her iPod everywhere. She loved listening to music while looking around her. When a man bumped into her, her earphones fell on the ground. She bent down to retrieve them but hit her head on the man's head. When she looked up, she felt her heartbeat and smiled to him.
Lynn lost her glasses while vacationing in Amsterdam. She was upset at not being able to see the sights. Fortunately, she found an eye doctor who would see her immediately. The doctor gave Lynn and updated glasses prescription. With her glasses, Lynn was able to enjoy the Van Gogh museum.
Morgan and her family lived in Florida. They heard a hurricane was coming. They decided to evacuate to a relative's house. They arrived and learned from the news that it was a terrible storm. They felt lucky they had evacuated when they did.
John went to the bathroom at his workplace. John flushed the toilet. The toilet overflowed. John was pissed. John contacted the workers to fix the toilet.
I was making a right turn at a stop sign. The oncoming vehicle was about two blocks away when I pulled out. I noticed the vehicle following me for several miles. When I arrived at my destination, the car parked behind me. A woman yelled obscenities at me for pulling out in front of her.
Bob always exercised in order to stay healthy. His favorite exercises were the dumbbells. He could lift a lot of weight using the dumbbells. One day he tried to lift ten pounds more than usual. He tried hard to lift the extra ten pounds, but could only lift five.
JD is a freelance writer. One company JD worked for did not like JD's writings. The company refused to take JD's stories. JD became angry with the company. JD no longer submits his writings to that company.
Annie and her family went on a road trip. They drove a long time. They stopped to eat in a diner. Finally, Annie's father said they were getting close. Soon, they arrived at the Grand Canyon.
I went to the beach. It was my first time seeing an ocean in real life. I decided to take a dip in the water. Then, I noticed all the pollution in the water. I became grossed out and decided to leave.
The man set dinner on the table. He sat at his seat. He demanded to eat the first bite. His family agreed to his demand. The man chewed the first bite for a long time.
A woman got a coupon in the mail. It was for 50% off of one item at Target. She wandered the aisles for an hour. She just couldn't decide what to get! Finally, she selected a new chair.
Tommy lost his calculator. He needed his calculator for a test this week. He tried to backtrack to find his calculator. He realized the last time he had it was at gym. He found the calculator under the bleachers.
Katie scrubbed and scrubbed. She had a sponge that she was wearing a hole in. Soon, the kitchen was sparkling clean. Katie felt accomplished and happy. She picked up the sponge and moved on towards the bathroom.
We live in Cambridge, MA. The city recently banned plastic bags. Today my wife went shopping. She had to buy reusable bags. We will keep a supply of bags in our car from now on.
Malory was always a beautiful women growing up, she had the looks. She was not good in school but she didn't care she didn't need it. She was coasting on her looks, wanting to become a model. She started doing music videos and became a video vixen in no time. She became famous and made it without any school like she knew.
Jeff was at an outdoor mall. And he saw a pond with catfish in it. Jeff bought a large cooler at the mall. And he scooped up catfish and water with it. Jeff happily put the catfish in his aquarium at home.
Cassie got an ice cream cone. It was a hot day and it started to melt. She was rushing home in the heat. The ice cream kept dripping on her arm. When she got home, she was a mess!
I quit using drugs and substances a long time ago. I realized I was never at my best on them. I had a job that I would come to drunk occasionally. One day the boss realized I was intoxicated. He gave me an ultimatum and I have not done anything since.
Carl celebrated by opening his favorite wine bottle. He got a corkscrew to open the bottle. He opened it but the cork flew into his eye. Carl had a black eye and needed ice for it. He had a bag of ice on it and drank wine for the rest of the day.
Lucy was getting her test back. She assumed she did great. The teacher handed it to her. She failed. Lucy started to cry and contemplated dropping the class.
Anna's family went strawberry picking. The each filled a whole bucket to the top. When they got home they realized they had way too many berries. Her mom quickly learned to can jelly. They ended up with 26 jars.
Vladimir realized he had not left his home in two days. He decided it was time to get out and see people. Vladimir went to the local pool hall to play a few games of pool. When he was done, Vladimir felt much better. He decided he would never go so long without leaving the house.
Janet was lost in the desert. Her phone had no battery. She walked aimlessly. Eventually she was too dehydrated. They found her body months later.
Casey wanted a puppy. Her parents had said no for a long time. For Casey's birthday they decided to surprise her. They got a puppy without her knowing. Casey got the puppy and was super happy!
Krista was organizing her office. She bought some new shelves. THey were big and heavy. She assembled them carefully. When she put all her books on them, they collapsed!
Jeff wanted to save money on bread. So he decided to make his own. He was afraid it might turn out badly. But as long as he followed a recipe, he figured it would be fine. Unfortunately, Jeff wasted the whole afternoon baking lousy bread.
In his final basketball game, Chris broke his leg. The injury was horrible, and he was rushed to the hospital. Chris spent three weeks on crutches. He was scared to get back on the court. Chris never played basketball again.
Gina was annoyed at the new boy on her school bus. She walked behind him as he entered the school. He went to the main office to find his classroom. Gina continued on to her classroom. She was just happy to be rid of the annoying boy.
Matt and Jay took a jog. They wanted to see how long they can go. They jogged for 20 minutes straight. They were so exhausted. It was a new record for them though.
Ryan could not find any clean socks in his house. He looked in all his drawers and hampers. He thought about the last time he did laundry. Ryan went to his washing machine and opened it. He saw that it was full of wet socks that he washed yesterday.
Edith saw a flyer for a new smartphone. It was a brand she loved, and she needed one. She drove to the store in the cold, pitch black night. There in the long line, Edith made some new friends. She told herself she wasn't mad they all sold out before she got one.
Alex found a Spiderman bowl he loved at Target. The line was covered in Spider Man quotes. He was reading the bowl as the approached the cashier, His mother told him to give the bowl to the lady so she could pay. Although he didn't want to let go he gave the bowl to the lady.
Although Jenny's team was winning, she was mad at Diana. For most of the game, Diana never passed the ball. When they had to score one more point to win, Jenny attacked Diana. She stole the ball and tried to make a shot. However, she missed and the other team managed to win.
Brenda is a school teacher. She teaches Speech class at her school. Brenda has a long successful career as a speech teacher. One year she gets a letter telling her she has won an award. She is so happy to receive an award for all her years of teaching.
Marissa was driving to work after a big snowstorm. Suddenly, she slid on ice. The car stopped right before hitting a tree. Marissa slid three more times on the way to work. She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow.
I learned how to play Rock Paper Scissors when I was an adult. I got into an argument with my friend, and he suggested we use it. I had no idea what I was doing, so I lost every turn. Eventually I got better at it, and won a few rounds. He gave up after I started winning every time.
Beth goes to the park every Wednesday evening. One Wednesday she arrived at the park to find a festival taking place. Beth wandered through the festival, taking in all the sights. Beth learned that the festival is usually present every Tuesday. She changed which day she goes to the park to Tuesday.
Mario had perfected his pasta recipe. He wouldn't tell anyone what made it so special. One day, a girl peeked into the kitchen and saw him using cinnamon. She told everyone in town. Soon, they could all make pasta just like Mario!
Conan worked very hard on mturk. He rose up early one morning and started accepting every hit. He made over $400 including bonuses. Conan posted his earnings on mturk grind. The other users thought he was bragging and paid him no mind.
Larry heard there was a new gaming system to be coming out. He worked up until he had enough saved. Larry stood in line for the system for 12 hours. Larry finally got to the front of the line. Larry bought his new gaming system at last!
I was trying to figure out how to make colors. I started with the color blue. I added yellow to the blue. I mixed them together. I found out blue and yellow make green.
It was a hot summer day for Jill and her children. So Jill decided to buy some kiddie pools and set them up. The kids cooled off and played. Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them. Soon, all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill's house.
Julie and Sara decided to treat themselves to a spa day. They made appointments at a nearby salon. During their visit, they received manicures and pedicures. Sara had her hair done while Julie received a massage. They left the salon feeling relaxed and pleased with their experience.
Anna was watching the news. The weather segment came on. The meteorologist said that it was going to rain the next day. Anna got ready the next day for work. She took an umbrella with her.
Koa was a male model. But when he gained 10 pounds on vacation, they put him on hiatus. He was devastated! Modeling was his life and love. He lost the weight ASAP so he could return to work!
My friend took a bookbinding class. She had always wanted to learn to make books. With a lot of practice, her books became very beautiful. Now, she sells her books. She is making a living doing what she loves to do.
Anna heard a strange noise in her house. She went to investigate. She saw a bird in the kitchen! She opened the window quickly. Soon the bird flew out.
Today is Lucy's special day - it is her birthday! All of Lucy's friends and family came to her house for a party. She was so happy to see them and to eat cake and ice cream! Her very favorite part was opening up her birthday presents. Lucy loved celebrating her day with everyone she loves.
Brittany was planning her wedding. She had been planning it for months. She had the dress and cake. She still did not have a venue. Brittany finally had a venue and her perfect wedding.
Zoe threw the ball and it rolled under the hedge. David let go of Molly's collar. He shouted, "Fetch Girl!" Molly charged into the bushes. She returned carrying an old boot.
Henderson loved to go hunting. One day, a bear attacked him. Henderson was rushed to the hospital. After many days, Henderson finally survived. Now, Henderson does not hunt anymore.
Jill thought she would never spend her time watching TV all day. But she did use her computer a lot. She ended up watching Youtube videos about food and cooking. And she quickly became absorbed. But Jill sadly realized it was just like watching TV all day.
Greg bought a package of cottage cheese. When he got home he noticed the container was already opened. Greg brought the cottage cheese back to the store. The manager exchanged the product. Greg left with a new package of cottage cheese.
Doug took his dog for a walk every morning. Last Tuesday, they walked further than they ever had before. They discovered a new park where there were lots of dogs to play with. Doug's dog was excited and started jumping up and down. Doug couldn't believe he hadn't known about the park before.
Franklin was in the middle of a high school basketball game. His team was trailing by just a basket. Only seconds remained on the clock. The ball goes to Franklin and he puts up a shot. It goes in and Franklin wins the game for his team.
Tia was making Mexican food for dinner. She grilled up chicken for tacos. Then she served her family her ethnic meal. They couldn't believe how good it was. They all begged Tia to cook Mexican every night!
Tyler wanted to see a movie with his friends. But none of them could agree on which film to see. At the theater, they were still arguing! So they decided that each guy would see a separate film. They each ended up seeing the movie they wanted to see, alone!
Pam has been out of work for 2 months. She finally got an interview with a good company. Pam is feeling a lot of pressure to get the job and is very nervous. The interview is given by a group of 5 men. Pam has an impressive interview and accepts their offer.
Tom had been at the casino all day. He lost at everything he tried. He had been drinking and was frustrated. He went to the roulette table and bet what he had left on black. He lost that too.
Sawyer wanted to invite people over for a cookout. His yard was a mess. He cut the grass and pruned the trees. He sprayed for bugs and trimmed the hedges. His guests had a great time in his beautiful back yard.
I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere. I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind. Last year my parents picked me up at the airport and we ate at Panera. An hour after leaving the restaurant, I realized I left my violin! I called Panera and they found my violin.
Taking a speech class was the last thing Sarah wanted to do. It was a required class for her degree is Social Work. On the first day of class she got her first speech assignment. Sarah practiced her speech for three days straight! On the presentation day she nailed it, and realized it wasn't so bad.
Terry has a new boss at his job. He meets him for the first time. The boss is very sarcastic. Terry doesn't like him much. He thinks about quitting.
Jordan was looking for a new apartment. He checked online and in the local paper for openings. He met with Melissa and looked at her available properties. He found one that he really liked! Jordan signed the lease for the new apartment.
Jill was really lazy. So she never cleaned up her food after eating. One day, she found a trail of ants in her room. And it took several days to get rid of them all. So Jill decided to always clean up her food.
My sister wanted to earn a college degree. She could not afford the tuition for a university. Instead, she decided to go to a community college. It turns out that an Associates Degree is not worth as much. You get what you pay for.
Jana always wear make up in school. Her friends don't like how jana do her makeup. So her friends confronted her in a nice way. But jana didn't listen and still putting her makeup on. Because of that her friends knew her true attitude.
Tom had been feeling quite lonely. He saw an advert for a dog rescue center in the newspaper. He went to an open day and found a bulldog puppy. He adopted the puppy the following week and called it Buster. Tom has been feeling much better with Buster for company.
Anne ran to the store. She loaded a milk jug into her cart. When she got to the checkout, she dropped it on the floor. It exploded everywhere! Anne was so embarrassed.
James worked at a department store. He always did well on his employee evaluations. One time, he lied about why he left work early. He hoped his boss wouldn't find out. His boss learned of the lie and marked ten points off his evaluation.
Henry placed his bucket of popcorn near his seat at the movies. As the movie went on, he continued to eat. However, he accidentally pushed his popcorn towards the people below. The popcorn fell on the people. They retaliated by throwing their popcorn at Henry.
Bob went hiking with his girlfriend Samantha. They went to the mountains together. They hiked from morning to night. The next day they went fishing near their campsite. They caught lots of fish and prepared them for dinner.
Valerie was going through a breakup. So she decided to go to a bar with her friends to cheer up. At the bar, men were trying to talk to her the whole time. However, Valerie had no interest in them. This made her missed her ex-boyfriend even more.
Jessica is an avid speller. Her goal is to win the next spelling bee at her school. She studies day and night for three weeks. On the day of the spelling contest, Jessica places in first place. She goes home that day with a large trophy in her hand.
One summer day I was home all alone relaxing in my apartment. From my balcony door, I heard teen girls screaming down at the pool . I ran down to the area to discover one of the teenagers had drowned. I was frightened, but began to give her CPR as she was not responsive. After a few moments, the girl coughed and began to breathe once again.
William was making bird noises in the classroom. Janet didn't mind it at first. However, William started to get louder. Janet became mad. She threw her notebook at William and knocked him down.
Samantha's laptop was working terribly school. It would freeze up whenever she tried to use it to write documents. She took it to the computer lab at her school. She was able to get a SSD drive installed on her laptop. Her laptop was running perfectly afterwards.
The dog jumped up on the bed. I told her to go underneath it like she usually does. She refused to budge from her spot. I tried to make enough room for my legs. I gave up and let her sleep partly on top of me.
Lisa was having a birthday. Her friends secretly decided to have a surprise party. When Lisa walked in the room, she was shocked. She couldn't believe they did that. Lisa was thankful.
Jack buys a PS3 on Ebay. When the console arrives it is a PS4, not a PS3. He lets the seller know about the mixup The seller lets Jim keep the more expensive PS4. Jim is glad that his honesty paid off.
After the principal said I had detention, I didn't care. I flounced back to class with an attitude. I skipped detention all week long. Other kids told me they had called my name and I wasn't there. I ended up getting paddled for skipping.
Clara went to the cleaners to pick up her dress. She gave her ticket to the clerk. The clerk gave Clara her dress. Clara realized it was the wrong dress. The clerk apologized for the mistake.
Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings. She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach. She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options. She found a pair of gold hoop earrings. Edith placed the order for the gold hoop earrings.
Nancy planned to go to the store. She made up a list of what she wanted to buy before she left. She also made sure she had enough money on hand. When she got to the store, she found it busier than usual. It took twice as long to get everything she wanted.
Dylan was applying for a government assistance program. They asked that he provide proof of his self-employment income. Dylan only had print-outs of dubious paystubs. The program denied his application. Dylan sadly continued to try to make his self-employment pay out well.
Doug wanted to try something different this weekend. His friends had been talking about going golfing. Doug had never been but was willing to give it a shot. Doug tagged along with a few buddies to the country club. Doug wasn't the best golfer but had a lot of fun with his buddies.
I tried out for a minor league basketball team this year. But i did not make the team. It was clear that I was too slow and couldn't jump high enough. I wrote down all the things I need to improve on. I'm going to work very hard and try again next year.
Buck bragged he was the best swimmer on the team. He bet the whole class he could swim faster than them all. The class responded with jeers and derision at Buck's arrogance. They hoisted Buck from the diving board by his trunks. Even the slowest team member could swim faster than him now.
The NFL's AfC West division is made up of four teams. Denver, Oakland, Kansas City, and San Diego are in the division. Last year, Denver won the division and Kansas City won a wild card. This season, three of the four teams won on opening day. San Diego is the only winless team in this tough division.
Ted went with Tim to go play table tennis. They went to the club and looked for opponents. There were no other people willing to play with Ted and Tim. Instead of playing doubles, Ted and Tim played singles. Ted and Tim went back home, exhausted after hours of table tennis.
Max was walking by a store one night. The store was closed. He saw two men standing by the door of the store. Max suddenly heard the alarm go off. Max called the police to tell them what was going on.
Jim was donating blood. It was his first time. Jim felt a prick as the needle went into his arm. Jim finished donating blood after waiting an hour. He felt good that he did something to benefit others.
Joan wanted a new pair of shoes. The ones she wanted were out of stock. She decided to settle on a different pair. When she got to the checkout, she was excited they were on sale. She was able to buy a dress too.
Fred woke up one day and turned on the news. He saw that there was a big fire very close to his area. He woke his family up to prepare in case they need to evacuate. In less than an hour firemen came to their door to tell them to leave. After Fred's family evacuated, their whole neighborhood burned down.
May had a burn from playing with a curling iron. Her mother discovered the plastic hair on the curling iron. She saw a band-aid on May's leg. Her mother made her remove the band-aid and show her the burn. After dressing the wound her mother grounded her for a week.
Joe was frustrated it was taking so long to settle his injury claim. Struggling financially, he wanted the settlement to pay student debt. Waiting for the money, he heard from the Department of Education. His student loans were forgivable due to his government employment! Joe was grateful he'd be able to use the settlement for other bills.
George drove to work one day. His car got a flat tire. George did not have a spare tire. He had to push the car to a garage. George was late to work.
Bart was studying the middle ages in history class. He was assigned a class project to complete. For his project, Bart built a miniature catapult. His catapult shot marbles at a castle made of sugar cubes. Bart's teacher was amused by his history project.
May was in a store shopping. She saw a child crying. She asked the child what was wrong. The child had gotten lost. May took the child to the customer service desk.
Paige always dreamed about going on a cruise. She saved up her money. Paige booked a European cruise. The cruise was very fun. Paige was glad that she went on the cruise fulfilling her dream.
Kyle was having some constipation problems. He told his Grandma and asked for some advice. She advised him to eat 15 prunes a day for two weeks. He misheard her and ate 50 prunes a day instead of 15. Kyle ended up having the opposite problem as it gave him diarrhea.
Mike wanted to quit smoking. He did research and found that vaping was a good alternative. He bought vaping supplies from the internet. He diligently replaced cigarettes with vapor products. He ended up ditching the cigarettes for good.
Ben wanted to change his career and become sell real estate. He found that he could take real estate courses locally. His courses lasted for a couple of minutes. He interviewed at a couple of places before landing a job. After a few years, he was the best real estate agent in the state!
Jake's Dad collects historical model trains. Jake and I were playing ball in his Dad's back room. Jake threw a ball at me and it bounced off the wall. The ball flew into his Dad's back room. Jake broke his Dad's favorite model train.
Robert walked outside. The sun was far too bright. He went back inside to get sunglasses. When he walked outside again, the sky was cloudy. He used his sunglasses anyway
Rhonda notices that her work shoes are getting worn out. She decides to buy a new pair. Rhonda buys a wonderful pair of shoes for work. Many co workers complement her new shoes. She is happy that her work shoes are no longer worn out.
Gillian didn't like going in the sun. She was very fair and it made her skin freckle. That summer she was working outside every day. She bought a huge hat to protect her face. But it didn't make a difference and she had tons of freckles anyway.
Yesterday I went on a trip to the islands. I went deep sea fishing. It was very fun. I caught a large sea bass. Then I ate it.
Fred and his family went on a trip to Disney. They all really wanted to go. But when they got there it started to rain. They couldn't go on rides. Their trip was ruined.
The corner shop had been open thirty-five years. The owner was old and tired and had put the shop up to sell. A prospective buyer came and made the owner an offer. After mulling it over the owner decided not to sell. He loved his shop too much and would rather die than sell it.
I decided to take a break from college. That meant going back to my hometown. I left a pecan pie on the doorstep of an old friend. She said that was inappropriate. But we worked that out alright.
Edgar was going to Hawaii. He was supposed to board his plane soon. He got distracted ordering some food. Suddenly, he realized he was late. His plane had left without him.
Paul started a Facebook group to help people with a common interest. Paul's group grew to have over 3,000 members and many admins. Paul did not feel the need to consult other admins. Paul kicked out several people whom he did not like. The other admins kicked Paul out of his own group.
Kelly was determined to get in shape. She bought a treadmill. She started walking or running every day. After a month, she was able to run a few miles straight. Once she got to 4 miles straight, she signed up for a 5k.
Garcia feared crows a lot. They were black and he hated that color. One day, he went outside. Suddenly, he saw a crow. After that, he wasn't afraid of it anymore.
Jordan is driving his car down the road. He see's another driver on the road. He begins to race the other driver. Jordan drives his car way too hard. Jordan ends up blowing his engine.
Kate was on the phone with Sue who was out of town. After 5 minutes Kate heard giggling in the background. Sue began talking to the girls in the background. Kate waited patiently until Sue hung up to talk to the girls. Kate decided she wouldn't talk to Sue anymore that summer.
Lindsey was an accomplished guitar player. One day, an inconsiderate friend slammed a car door on his hand. The damage was so severe, they had to amputate it. Lindsey weeped that he couldn't play guitar any more. He did get a cool hook attachment out of the ordeal, though.
We had a party at my house. Everyone was there including my neighbors. After the party everyone bolted. Nobody bother to help clean the house. I was stuck with picking up all the trash.
Tony decided to take his kids to the amusement park. He was looking forward to all of the fun they would have. His kids started to cry as soon as they tried to go on a ride. They were afraid of the rides! Tony wasted his money and did not have fun at the amusement park.
James wanted to eat a really good tomato. James bought tomato seeds. He tilled the ground. He planted the seeds. Now James has lots of tomatoes!
In 2013, my wife went to the Big E in Springfield, MA. She had never gone before, and went with her sister. Her niece was in a horse competition. Her niece did not win, but everyone had a good time. My wife came home tired but happy.
Will bought a new Lenovo laptop computer at Best Buy. Will excitedly opened it at home. Will couldn't get the laptop to turn on. Will took the computer back to Best Buy. They gave him another computer in the place of the dud.
A woman saw me doing my workout routine in the park. She seemed nice looking, but as she got closer I cringed. She was wearing a PETA shirt and smelled of marijuana. She asked me if I was a Clinton supporter. I was happy to shock her with my profession of love for Trump.
Dan bought his dog a new type of dog food. When he brought it home his dog ran up wagging its tail. It sniffed and nuzzled the bag curiously. Dan poured out a bowl of it for his dog. It took a few bites and walked away, disinterested.
Ed didn't like to wear anything on his head. So during winter time, his head was always cold. He'd avoid staying out too much for that reason. But every year he caught a cold because of it. Eventually he bought a hat even if he despised them.
I went to an Italian restaurant a few weeks ago with my friend. I had ordered a pizza and it was okay but I decided to take it home. Later that night I had another slice. At about midnight I felt sick to my stomach and could not sleep. I ended up being sick and getting food poisoning.
Emil was working at a refreshments stand. A customer was impatient and angry. Emil was doing his best to fill out orders. The customer yelled at Emil for no reason. Emil ran to the back and began to cry.
Being a flower girl was a big responsibility. Nancy had to make the petals last all the way down the aisle. She carefully sprinkled the petals as she walked. The aisle was perfect for the bride. She had done a good job!
Steve was very excited about the baseball game. He was going with his mom and dad to see a major league game. They showed up at the ballpark and steve had his mitt with him. The game started and it was very exciting. A fly ball was hit into the air and caught by Steve.
Late summer has arrived, which means high school football has begun. Tom and Beth are excited because their son is playing on the team. They went to the first game last weekend and had a fun evening. Tom played football for this same high school many years ago. He enjoys reminiscing as he sees his son experience being on the team.
Pam had a really messy house. She was sick of the mess. So, she decided to hire a professional organizer. The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess. Pam was delighted to see her house clean and clutter free.
Nico had been invited to her first college frat party. She had heard about those kinds of parties. Nervously, she entered the party and sipped a beer. To her surprise, nobody was wild or rude - they were friendly! Nico ended up having a lot of fun!
Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile. And he blamed it on his heavy shoes. He spent hours looking for new shoes and bought the perfect pair. Omar decided to run a mile again. But he was only a few seconds faster.
We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown. My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned. We were surprised to find the old mansion had a guided tour. The kindly woman asked us if we knew cannibals had once lived there. As her friends appeared with knives, we surmised they did, still.
Nick has a math test on Monday. He decided to start studying early. He did not want to fail. When he got to the test, he was ready. Nick made a 100 on his test and was proud.
Clark is eating his favorite pizza. A few hours later his stomach hurts. He heads to the hospital. The pizza made him sick. Clark gets treated for his sickness and goes home.
Ivan wanted to see if he could get enough helium balloons to fly. The first store he went to had 500 balloons on sale for $400. He picked out a couple different colors and started filling them. Ivan tied the balloons to himself and said farewell to the earth. Even though he only made it 3' off the ground, he felt free.
Mandy went to a drive thru. She ordered a burger and fries. She asked her daughter if she wanted anything. Her daughter wasn't hungry. As Mandy began to eat, her daughter decided she was hungry.
The side yard was covered with tall plants. So the owners of the house borrowed a rototiller. One of them went out and stated to rototill. He tilled into a bees nest that was hidden under the plants. Now the plants get to grow as they want.
Sabrina went outside to play with sidewalk chalk. She decided to make a hopscotch outline on the sidewalk. She got a rock, and tossed it onto a number. She hopped in each square until she reached her rock. She picked up the rock, and began to play again.
Sam was grabbing a slice of pizza at his favorite pizzeria. When he went back to his car he found a parking ticket. The parking ticket was for $10. Sam forgot to pay the ticket. He was fined an additional $10 for paying late.
Alice was a careful shopper. She saved money by clipping coupons. She saw an advertisement for energy bars on sale at the supermarket. She printed hundreds of coupons to take to the store. The police arrested Alice for coupon fraud at the store.
The news was reporting a storm was coming to South Florida. Kim kept an eye on the news station online all day at work. She felt secure when they state it would be mild. When she got home she turned on the news to find out about the storm. She was shocked to find the storm was upgraded to a mild hurricane.
Janie had spilled some ink on her favorite shirt. She tried to clean it, but it left a bad stain. Janie went to the store to find a new shirt. She tried on three different shirts. Janie chose the best shirt and purchased it.
Ted and Robin had a big fight. Robin didn't want to listen to Ted's stories. Ted ranted to the guys in the bar and found someone interested. Ted and his lady friend went to a dance club. Robin went to apologize to Ted and kicked in the girl's face.
Billy needed some new shoes. He went around to a mall in another town looking for the right kind. After trying on several pairs, he found one he liked. Asking the cashier to ring him up, he was pleased with his purchase. Later that night he wore his shoes out to the bar.
Andrew needed new kitchen utensils. So he threw out his old ones. He drove to the store to get new ones. Andrew got the best kitchen utensils he can find. Andrew no longer needed new utensils.
Lauren had an interview scheduled on Tuesday. She really needed the job. She was nervous and worried about the interview all week. When the date finally arrived, Lauren did her best. She managed to land the position!
Our stroke rehab hospital took us on a field trip. It was part of the rehab process. We took wheelchairs to the New England Aquarium. We practiced trying to walk. It was a nice but sad day as I was still not walking.
Emma decided to run away from home. She made it to the corner bakery before realizing she was hungry. She walked another block, and started missing her sister. One more block, and she even missed her parents. She turned around and went home.
Marco went to mass every Sunday with his family. He would fall asleep or play with his fingers. His mother would scold him at home because he didn't pay attention. Marco decided to end this once and for all. He made a pair of fake eyes glasses so it looked like he was awake.
One day out of the blue there was a dog in the yard next to Gina's. The little white dog tapped and tapped as she walked to her porch. She heard a lady's voice call to the dog. The little dog went running back into the house. Gina felt bad that the dog rarely was able to go outside.
Jim just got a new lawn mower. He took it out of the garage. Jim filled his new lawn mower with gas. He fired it up. Jim spent the next hour cutting grass.
Andre was a male escort, but girls still fell in love with him. Like Kim, she invited him to her house. He showed up and she tried to turn him on. He told her to give him a hundred dollars and then undress him. She was offended but he reminded her the he was an escort.
Natalie needed a prescription filled. She went to the local pharmacy. She waited in line for an hour! Natalie decided to drive to a different pharmacy instead. She warned all her friends that the local pharmacy was terrible.
My best friend had an alcohol problem. He had been sober for a few weeks, but had some beer at a party. He told me he had gotten drunk to work up the courage to do something. He tried to kiss me, but I said no in a hurtful way. Two years later, he committed suicide.
Matthew was anxiously waiting for his state test results. He was sure that he had done a bad job. When he got his test back though, he had a high score. He was so surprised. To his delight this meant he didn't have to take his class exam.
A man set out to make a comic book. When he was finished, he asked his friends to read it. None of them could tell any of the characters apart. He discovered, to his shock, that he was a terrible artist. Everyone had been lying to him for years to spare his feelings.
Mark was driving down the street when his check engine light came on. He noticed a strange smell, too. Mark knew something was wrong, so he took the car to his mechanic. His mechanic checked the car and said it needed a new converter. Mark had to pay four hundred dollars, but his car is now fixed.
James wants to do a science project for school. He decides to make a model of our solar system. He stayed up late into the night making it. He took the project in the next day. James hard work pays off with an A!
A woman found a mouse in her kitchen. She was very afraid. She grabbed a broom. She swung the broom. The mouse dodged the broom.
Calvin was a proud vegetarian. He would always tell his friends the virtues of a meatless diet. One day, Sam slipped some meat into Calvin's meal. Sam revealed this information later and laughed. Calvin's face turned red as a cherry.
Tom wanted to learn Spanish. He thought about the best ways to do so. Tom quit his job. Tom moved to Mexico. Tom learned Spanish.
Donald loved to comb his hair. He combed it every day to look good. One day, he could not find his comb. Daniel searched everywhere for his comb. Eventually, Daniel found his comb in his bathroom.
Erica wanted to go elephant riding. Erica conducted research, and found a local circus that offers rides. After finding out the schedule, Erica made her way to the circus. After purchasing a ticket, Erica got her chance to ride the elephant. Erica was elated that she got the opportunity to ride a elephant.
John decided to write a rap for his friend. This rap was going to be fast and smooth. He spent many hours writing and developed a cool song. He published it with the record album and received the album. Then, John gave the album to his friend as a gift.
Tammy was excited that her family was moving to a new home. It had been a long time coming, and they needed a new house. They traveled very far, about 1000 miles to get to their new place. It was very exciting for tammy, but she was also nervous. When they arrived at their new place Tammy loved it and wasn't scared.
Daniel's pet mouse passed away in the night. The mouse, Albert, had been in the family for years. Daniel decided to bury him out back. He was sad as he placed his pet in the dirt. Daniel then went to the store to pick up some flowers for Albert.
When the Von Trapp family were missing a valuable vase, they were upset. Everyone thought the nanny was the one who stole it. They fired her for the theft, and she had to find another job. Soon the family discovered that the butler did it, not the nanny. She found another nanny job, though, with less kids and more singing.
Christie wanted to go for a walk. She put on her walking shoes. Then, she grabbed her bag. Christie went out her front door. Then, she locked the door.
Billy and Jessica were happily married. Their daughter would frequently cry in the middle of the night. Billy and Jessica began reading their daughter bedtime stories. The couple's daughter loved the stories. The daughter soon stopped crying in the middle of the night.
Janet loved to pet her neighbor's dog. She was told the dog had puppies a few weeks ago. Janet was very excited to see them. She begged her parents to let her have a puppy. Janet was very happy when she walked back to her house with a puppy.
Ken was filthy. His mom told him to get in the bathtub. She washed him off with lots of soap and water. Finally, he was clean. He ran outside and jumped in a mud puddle again!
Leila wanted to buy a new car. She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars. She found a car she liked. She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price. She bought a new car and felt great about her choice.
Annie took a trip to Florida to see her Dad. They visited Magic Kingdom but Annie didn't have much fun. Her Dad walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him. He wouldn't slow down because he thought he had to see everything. Annie just wanted to see her Dad.
Jeffery little brother was annoying him. Jeffrey brother followed him everywhere. If Jeffrey ate eggs for breakfast his little brother would copy. Jeffrey grew tired of his little brother copycat behavior. Playing a prank on his little brother Jeffrey started mimicking him.
Stacy was struggling in her math class. She decided to see her teacher privately for extra help. Her teacher gave her an extra problem set to help her practice. She did the practice work diligently every night. When it came time for exams, she got the best grade in the class!
Tom was playing basketball. He went up for a shot and got slammed hard. He fell to the ground. Tom wound up breaking his shoulder. He had to go to the hospital to get it fixed.
Terry was the smartest kid in class. Everyone made fun of him for being smart. Terry studied hard and went to college. He got a great job after college. He was happy that he never gave up.
Clint loved his biology class. He never missed it. His favorite part was lab. He loved to dissect. His teacher let him help with setup and he became the TA.
Tom had a best friend. Tom rarely saw his best friend. Tom and his friend were both extremely busy with work. Tom and his friend decided to make firm plans to meet. Their plan was successful and they were able to socialize together.
Sandy was invited to a slumber party at her friend's house. Sandy decided to decline the invitation because of a secret. Sandy did not want to be laughed at, so she stayed home. Sandy did not want her friends to know she was afraid of the dark. Sandy stayed home because she thought her friend would not understand.
Jay and Shari have two kids together. They had a lot of problems and could no longer stay together. Shari tried to take the children away from Jay. But Jay was one step ahead of her and already filed custody papers. They went to court and Jay won custody of both children.
George came home to a big mess. His dog had knocked over his trash can. There was garbage all over the floor. George scolded the dog. The dog ran away and hid.
Chad opened his computer. He signed on to the best survey site owned by Amazon. He looked through all descriptions worth more than ten cents. He found one about short story writing. He began writing an awesome story about flying frogs.
Joe told everyone at school that he was rich. He gave various students money. And in return, they would have to be his friend. Joe's teacher found out. And the principal learned that Joe used to get bullied.
Emma entered her apple pie in the pastry contest. Everyone loved her pie. She watched anxiously as the judges took bites of her dish. The judges agreed that Emma baked the best pie. Emma cried with joy over her win.
Jane bought herself a new purse. She took it to work the next day. Nobody said anything about it. Jane was mildly disappointed it. She didn't wear it much after that.
Susie was having trouble sleeping at night. She had work early in the morning tomorrow. She poured herself a big glass of warm milk. She drank it while reading a book. She finally was able to fall asleep after feeling relaxed.
George woke up to a siren. He quickly realized it was an ambulance. When he checked the window he realized it was his neighbor. George went out of his house to see of he was okay. The nurse said his neighbor would be just fine.
Gina's friends were arguing. There was a long string of group texts on her phone. She had missed them all. She read them all intently. She tried not to, but she enjoyed the drama far too much.
Tina had found her very first gray hair. She had to get rid of it! She decided to dye her hair at home. She bought a kit and colored it carefully. Afterwards, she felt much better about her appearance.
Pablo had a family with a loving wife. One day his wife had to leave to help her sister give birth. Pablo pleaded for her sister to come to them but she wouldn't. So his wife left to go help. The next day his wife surprised him by bringing her sister to them!
I sent a DD gift card to my niece. She had broken her foot. She was grateful. Later she sent me a belated birthday gift. I was pleased.
He remembered being age six and his dad teaching him how it's done. The underside of the van looked more complicated than before. He loosened a bolt, and oil came splattering down onto his shirt. Panicking, he quickly kicked himself out from under the van. He smiled, remembering the same thing happening to his dad.
Whitney was mad at her dog. She got home from work and it had destroyed her house. The dog had shredded pillows. She had also tore up the table. The dog will have to stay in the bathroom from now on.
Guillermo favorite singer had come to town. He was going to be in a store on monday. But Guillermo had work that day. So he called out of work. And got the autograph in time.
Ken had a long day at work. He had to lift a lot of heavy things. His girlfriend felt sympathetic. She gave him a back rub to make him feel better. It helped soothe Ken physically and emotionally.
Eve went to the mall. She saw her friend Sherry. Eve and Sherry walked around the mall. Sherry asked Eve for a ride home. Eve took Sherry home.
Lucy and her grandma were leaving Blockbuster. The guy Lucy went to see didn't work till later. Lucy knew her grandma wasn't willing to bring her later. At home she asked her grandpa if they could go back. He refused because once a day is enough.
James brought his dog to the vet. The vet said his dog needed to take special medicines for his eyes. The vet prescribed the medicines. James went home with his dog. He began giving the dog his medicines everyday.
Alice wanted a cup of coffee. She went to the local Starbucks. She order a cup of coffee and donuts. On her way home she spilled the hot coffee on herself. Alice spent two hours in the hospital treating coffee burns.
I have been wanting to go to the movies for a while. Joan offered to go with me last night. There were a lot of good movies out. It was a hard decision to make. We choose a romantic comedy.
Danielle needed to buy new clothes for school. She asked her mom for some money. Instead, her mom offered to pay her for some work. Danielle spent the next week working for her mom. At the end of the week, she had a ton of money to buy clothes.
When I was younger I was a very shy timid person. A few of the kids in the neighborhood knew this. They would try and pick on me one of them was much older. One day  I Was out in the yard and the older kid started in on me. My older brother was home and saw this and came out the kid ran away.
Amy was making broccoli casserole. She bought all the ingredients. As the was mixing everything together, she looked at the cheese. She had grabbed spicy cheese. Luckily, her family did not mind spicy food.
Ever since I was a kid I wanted to sing and get paid like a star. I auditioned for the mixed choir in high school to work on my goal. My music teacher smiled and said I was tone deaf. I thought that meant I had a gift so I practiced my singing every day. Now I am officially a paid singer but only for funerals.
Ronnie was a gear head when it came to cars. Ronnie's car wouldn't start. Ronnie replaced a ton of parts. Ronnie cranked the ignition. Ronnie's car was fixed!
On Sunday I played speed chess online with my friend George. I lost the first game and won the second. I was winning the third game when the chess server went down. We started a new game, which I also won. George said he would play tomorrow.
I was ordering pizza for the family the other day. We were going to split a big one. One person wanted pineapple. We all had a vote and that person lost. We got pepperoni instead and everyone else was happy.
Debbie was running for mayor of her local city! She setup fliers and handouts for people to see what she was about. There were several debates with other candidates. She told me that no matter what she enjoyed herself. Come election day she actually won and was so excited!
Tom visited Las Vegas on vacation. He attended many shows and performances. He saw a trapeze artist that mesmerized him. He really enjoyed the performance and experience. He cherishes the experiences he had in Las Vegas.
I dreamed of having a baby when i was in college. Because i saw one of my classmate that she is happy with that child. She dress her daughter,tie her hair and play with her. I thought having a child is that easy. But now that i have a son,i realized how difficult having a child.
My son was seventeen years old. One day, I smelled something in his room. I opened the door and found him smoking. I scolded him and educated him on smoking. My son learned his lesson and never smoked again.
Peter went for a walk in the woods during a windstorm. The wind caused the trees to sway and crack. Suddenly a huge branch fell about ten feet in front of Peter. Peter jumped back in fright. Peter turned around and went home.
I loved Tuareg music. I decided to go to Mali so I could hear Tuareg music live. In Mali, I could not find any Tuareg bands. A local man told I could find a Tuareg band at a nearby village. I went to the village and the live Tuareg music was amazing!
Tom needed to make some quick cash. He searched his local Craigslist ads for short term gigs. Tom contacted a man looking for help building a cabinet. Tom did the work for the man the next day. Tom was paid exactly what he needed!
Last year for Christmas Jake got pajamas as a gift. They were from his grandmother. They looked terrible but he pretended to like them. This year his grandmother came to visit. He answered the door wearing those same pajamas.
I minded my sister-in-law's apartment today. She had to work and the unit was inspected. She had all the blinds closed. I like daylight, so I opened all the blinds. I closed them when it was time to go.
Bob was a poor potato farmer who's crops were starving for water. It had not rained in as long as he could remember. One day Bob's neighbor, Emanuel, gave him a good deal on a water hose. Bob immediately hooked up the hose to his spigot. He watered his potatoes and they made him relatively wealthy.
Jordan decided to retire from basketball after his December game. At the game, Jordan scored twenty points in the first half. During the third quarter, Jordan scored another twenty points. Jordan and his team was tied with the opponent with five seconds left. Jordan made the game winning shot, which was also his last one.
Dan hadn't been to Jake's house in a week. When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck. Jake wouldn't let him. When Jake went to the bathroom Dan drove the truck. Jake yelled at Dan for playing with his toy.
Zoey had just joined the school orchestra. Her teacher handed her an instrument. Zoey informed her that she was actually left handed. Her teacher helped her re-string the whole instrument. Zoey thanked her a lot.
Sam, a young boy, wanted to make an art project. He looked all over his house for supplies, but there wasn't much. However, he found some macaroni, paper, and glue. He made a macaroni picture with the supplies and gave it to his mom. His mom loved it, and Sam was very proud of his work.
Garry went to the library to find a book to read. He pulled off a new release off the shelf and gave it a look. In the inside cover there was a message. The message said to avoid this book at all costs. Garry was too interested to adhere to the warning.
Kim hates her nose. She has always hated her nose. Some people tease her about her nose. She wants to have a nose job someday. She starts saving her money now so one day she can.
John and Mike went to a park to play catch. When they arrived, they saw two other boys playing catch. John and Mike started to play catch. And the other boys noticed them. The four boys decided to all play catch together.
Anna was very hungry. She decided to order chicken wings. Then she went and picked them up. They smelled delicious! Anna hurried home to eat them.
Aline was studying in America. She wasn't happy when she learned where she would study. She was sent to rural Tennessee. Aline looked at all the cows and trucks driving around. Aline regretted having chosen the US to study in.
The girls liked being in nature. They hiked to a local waterfall. They splashed and had a lot of fun. When they were finished, they changed into dry clothes. What a fun day they had had at the falls!
Emily wanted to make her parents proud. She practiced for the spelling bee every day. She was able to memorize eighty-nine words in a month. On the day of the spelling bee she won second place. Her parents were very proud of how hard she worked.
I kept a phone charger for a long time. The casing fell off. You could see all of the wires. I got my money's worth and then some. It was hard to throw it away.
Chet played as a musician in a band. The band played in a local bar on Friday nights. A fight broke out in the bar one night. One of the men fighting crashed into Chet's drum set. The bar owner offered to pay for Chet's damages.
Sarah was waiting in line to try out for her school's singing club. She thought everyone there was terrible at singing. So she she thought getting in would be easy. After her audition, she was shocked when she wasn't accepted. Sarah believed the whole thing was set up to humiliate her.
Gary went to hang with new friends. They wanted to test him out. They asked him to tag a train car. He said he wouldn't do it. He left the group.
Fred received a package. It didn't say who it was from. Inside, there was a nice pan. There was also a random toy. He never was able to find out who sent it.
Three hours before our wedding, my husband picked up the flowers. After he left, the florist called and told me they had forgotten some. I called my husband and told him. My husband sent his best man to pick up the rest of the flowers. The best man brought the flowers in time for the wedding.
Jim was going on vacation. He needed new flip flops. He did not know what he wanted. He finally found the perfect pair and bought them. Jim was glad he found them just in time for vacation.
Tom was out with friends. He agreed to be the designated driver. Unfortunately he started to drink. He was too drunk to drive by the end of the night. Tom wound up calling everyone a taxi instead.
My brother's high school had a game versus my high school. We both play soccer for our school's teams. As a joke, I told him to break a leg during the match today. Halfway through the game, he accidentally broke my leg. I guess I should be more careful about what I say.
Brandon was always afraid of fire. There was a fireplace in the home where Brandon lived. He would avoid the entire room where the fireplace was located. Brian's brother was burned badly in a fire once. Brandon has learned to deal with his fear.
Yuri lived in a very small town without a grocery store. He grew a lot of his own food and had a well for water. Yuri loved to drink alcohol but couldn't get it easily. He decided to make a still and craft some moonshine. Yuri wasn't a very good engineer and his still exploded shortly after.
Our friend R is 45. She married young and had 4 kids. Her husband was a grad student who took 7 years to get his PhD. She neglected her teeth to pay bills. She had gum disease at 44 and needed treatment.
Benjamin majored in journalism at his university. He sought a job with an online publication. One in his city hired him to produce content. He wanted to write hard-hitting political stories. Benjamin was assigned to write list articles about cats.
Anna woke early one morning. She decided to surprise her family with pancakes. She cooked them and woke her family happily. But then she saw that they were out of syrup! Anna was dismayed, but they still appreciated her effort.
All Ben's friends had cars, and he wanted one too. He saved every penny he could. By the end of sophomore year, he had earned a few thousand dollars. He bought himself a great used car. Ben was so proud of his new wheels!
Brenda came from a wealthy family. Shelby came from a very poor family. One day, Brenda decided she didn't like Shelby's clothes. She made fun of Shelby. Shelby went home and cried.
Tom was on spring break. He went on a trip to Mexico with friends. They stuck to the tourist areas. The beaches were beautiful. Tom had a great time.
Ricky was playing with his cat. This cat accidentally clawed his arm. His arm started swelling up. Ricky went to the doctor to get it checked out. His doctor prescribed Ricky antibiotics to prevent infection.
The bus always came by Drake's house around six thirty in the morning. He knew it was time to wake up when he heard the bus come to a stop. Drake would get up and be ready by the time the next bus came. Drake and his family moved one day. Drake knew he would now need an alarm clock.
Kevin played bass guitar in a goth-metal band. When the band broke up, Kevin decided to give up music. He took his bass guitar to a pawn shop. After he hocked his guitar, he spied an accordion in the pawn shop. Now he plays the accordion for tips in a local Italian restaurant.
Amy's class went to the park on a field trip. The kids fed the ducks in the lake. Amy being mean threw a rock at a goose. The goose reared up and ran towards her. Amy screamed as the goose chased Amy around the park for 5 minutes.
My family got together in front of the TV. They held out several grapes and a cup of apple cider for toasting. The new Year's ball started to drop. My family started to shout the countdown to 10 at 11:59 p m He hugged each other after the 10 seconds were up.
Travis needed water. But he didn't want to go to the store. So he ordered jugs of water online. But the jugs became damaged and leaked. Travis learned to not order water online anymore.
Ella was painting the walls of her room, but not the ceiling. At first she worried about getting paint on the ceiling and floor. Then her mom told her about painter's tape. Ella thought it was a great idea and bought a roll right away. Then she happily and safely went to painting her walls!
We bought new pillows the other day. They were not the cheapest ones out there. But they were supportive and got cold when you laid on them. I was happy that we bought them. Afterall you can't pay too much for a good night's sleep.
Tina looked at her schedule. One of her teachers was TBD. She was rather inquisitive about it. So she walked into the door. Tina saw a her old teacher actually come back.
Eric was an ultimate gamer. He wore the title nerd proudly. He didn't have friends before he played video games. Even though they were only his friend because all the games he had. He didn't mind because he loved beating them in every single one.
Sara's mom asked her to help out at a school carnival. Sara agreed and they went to the carnival. There, Sara's job was to run the cake walk. When she was done, she was rewarded with some tickets. Using her tickets, she was able to win prize.
Lorrie loved to go on Adventures. She packed up her little red car and headed out. She was going to Ghost Town in the Sky. Lorrie arrived at Ghost town and begin the chair lift up to the park. Suddenly the cable snaps and Lorrie is sent flying down the Mountain.
Emily often argued with her parents. She was a teenager, after all. But Emily got tired of the arguing. She tried many different means of communication, but none worked. Finally, she wrote her parents a letter, hoping for the best.
Allison was driving home from work one night. She was in her mother's car. Allison hit a skunk that ran in front of the car. The car had a horrible smell. Allison's mother was upset she hit the skunk.
Sam was starting at a new school. He was nervous. What if nobody liked him? But soon his fun and assertive personality took over. Sam was quickly known as the class clown!
Two young girls had a dream after high school to take a road trip. The week after they graduated it was time to go. The girls drove from Texas across the country to California. They made lots of memorable stops along the way in each state. Both girls hope this is something they will continue in the future.
Louis was sick to death of being single. He had tried almost everything to get a date. All but one thing. He decided to try and pick up sad girls who were at funerals. He ended up getting three numbers at the first attempt.
Cathy was vacuuming the rug in her house. Suddenly, the vacuum made a loud noise, then stopped. Cathy realized that the vacuum had stopped working. Cathy decided to purchase a new vacuum from the internet. After researching, Cathy was glad to purchase the vacuum she liked.
Mandy searched for the perfect gift for her niece's second birthday. She finally selected some colorful blocks. She wrapped them in a big box. When her niece opened it, she threw the toys aside. She spent the rest of the day playing with the box.
We looked for a new show to watch on tv. There was a show on HBO people were talking about. We started watching it and found it interesting. We ended up binge watching it over a weekend. Now we are looking for another new show.
Sue felt a sharp pain in her wrist. Her wrist was hurting from working too much on the computer. Sue bought a brand new trackball mouse to use. It provided much better ergonomics than her old mouse. Sue's wrist did not hurt after switching to the trackball mouse.
I was having trouble finding my comfortable slippers. I looked everywhere for them. I found them on my wife's feet. She told me she found them in the living room. Finders keepers, she told me.
The cashier began to scan the food for Joe the customer. Joe was impatient but it seemed to be going quickly. Joe saw the bag boy slowly attempt to put all the food in one bag. Joe was mad as he saw the bag boy take out the food and start over. Joe snatched the bags from the bag boy and stormed out of the store.
Tom was in a bad mood. So he decided to exercise. He drove to a track and ran a few laps. And his mood was much better. So Tom decided to run every week.
I looked at my watch and panicked. It indicated that I late for a meeting. I ran down the street to make it on time. I burst through the doors of the office to join the meeting. The people there told me that it was rude for me to be so late.
Gertie was worried her baby was not meeting his milestones. She worked very hard to get his weight up. Sometimes she would have him do tummy time to get strong. She took her baby boy to the doctor. The doctor said the baby was doing very well.
Kia had just gotten a tattoo. She was nervous to shower, wondering if the ink would get damaged. She decided to take a bath instead and keep the tattoo out of the tub. Afterwards, she checked on her new ink. To her relief, it appeared perfectly okay.
John got a pet turtle when he was a kid. He didn't expect it to live so long. When john went off to college the turtle stayed with his parents. It lived to see John graduate college. He hopes it sticks around much longer still.
Jane was waiting for her son Tony to come home from school. The school bus came, and he didn't get off. This had happened before, so she called Tony's phone. He answered, saying he was staying late for extra help. Jane went to the school and found Tony playing basketball.
Jenna likes to give back to her community. She has spent a lot of time thinking about what she can do. Her friend mentioned doing a toy drive for needy kids for Christmas. They got together and did the drive and took in so many toys! Over 100 children got an extra gift from their efforts.
Cindy loved recess but the one thing she hated was bullies. The mean girl Lisa would never let Cindy play with her. As a result, Cindy would cry everyday. Luckily the teacher saw and did something about. Cindy no longer had to worry about any bullies.
Jim ran into one of his high school friends, Rick, at a bar. And they decided to hang out. But Jim smelled drugs when he got into Rick's car. And Rick pressured Jim into trying some. Years later, Jim left college and stopped talking to his family.
Kelly wanted to go out for her birthday. She went out with her friends to the club. She dance the night away. After dancing she went with her friends to eat. She had a great time out.
Jacob went for a walk on the boardwalk. He stopped at an ice cream stand. He ordered mint chocolate chip but they were out. After careful consideration, he ordered vanilla with cookie dough. Jacob liked it better than mint!
Linda's boyfriend took her to play putt putt on a date. As they played, she realized he was very competitive. But she was competitive, too! She played her best, beating him by four strokes. He pouted all the way home!
Jimmy was building a house for his mother. He wasn't a carpenter but he did all the work anyway. His mother came by to look at the progress. She told him the house was lopsided. Jimmy thought for a moment and then said it was for the rain.
It was Adam's first time driving a tow truck for a recovery agency. Adam had to pick up a car for recovery. Adam hooked up to the car he was supposed too. A lady came and yelled at Adam for taking her car. Adam drove away quickly with the car.
Tim's friends pulled a trick on him. They told him salsa was mild. In truth it was super spicy. Tim took a big bite. He teared up and drank tons of water as his friends laughed.
All of her life, Clara had wanted to play the trumpet. When she was in sixth grade, she could pick an instrument to learn. She ran to the trumpet and snatched it up. She went right home and began to practice. She was determined to become a great trumpet player!
There was this Italian place next to where Jennifer lives. She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner. She went there last week only to find out that they closed down. She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week. Jennifer will now have to force herself to like Mexican food.
Terry purchased a sandwich at a nearby store. She handed the cashier the money. He told her that she was five cents short. She told him that she didn't have a nickel. He shoved the food into the trash.
Matthew found out that his savings wasn't enough for his tuition. Therefore, he dropped out of his classes. In an effort to remain alone, he ignored contact with his friends. When his parents called him tonight, he didn't respond. Matthew came home early in the morning.
The woman crashed her car trying to avoid the dog. Paramedics were called and arrived five minutes after her accident. They put a collar around her neck to stabilize her spine. They told her she would be OK as they loaded her into the ambulance. They took her her to the hospital for treatment .
Gary went for a walk. He passed the old prison he used to work at. He saw a prisoner looking out the window at him. Gary felt grateful he had his freedom. He smiled and continued walking.
Today I went and got some ice cream. I decided to try a new flavor. The flavor was so good I ordered a second scoop. I ate both scoops on my way home. I now have a new favorite flavor of ice cream.
Jenny had a mandatory reading for her English class. She didn't understand her readings. Jenny went online to read about the work she was reading. Jenny was able to more understand it. Jenny understood everything the teacher talked about the next day.
The mom had a baby. The baby looked different. It was disabled. The mom wanted to name the baby Slow. The dad would not let her.
Jane always needed to be unique. That's why she spent days looking for the perfect costume. She now wore her half angel and half demon disguise to the party. Upon arriving at the party, she immediately noticed 2 similar outfits. She could not stand the shame and went promptly home.
Cassie was my grey tabby kitten. She showed up abandoned in front of my house. She was brought inside, where I fed her and loved her. As she grew, she liked to play hide and go seek. Since she was always disappearing, we named her Casper.
Beth wanted to play the role of Juliet in her school play. She went over the script for weeks in preparation. At the audition she was perfect. Beth stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut. When her name was read as Juliet Beth let out a shout of joy.
I used to cook with spaghetti sauce from a jar. I began learning that preservatives are harmful to us. I started making spaghetti sauce from scratch. I put in lots of vegetables. People ask for it for special occasions because they love it!
I wanted to go to the movies with my friends. When I checked my wallet, I did not have any money. I was sad because I would miss the movie. My friends had a good idea. We all decided to stay home and tell cool stories instead.
I wanted to make more money. I decided to try my hand at the NYSE. I put thousands of dollars into my account and set up a portfolio. Alas, the portfolio did terrible in the fiscal quarter. I lost almost all of my money!
The kids were headed to the zoo. They were going to see the new baby elephant. They crowded around the enclosure. He was so small and cute! They watched him for a long time.
Ky's sister hated Ky's girlfriends. Every week he had a new one, and they were all mean. But when she met Ky's newest girlfriend, she smiled. She thought the new girl was actually very nice. Ky's sister was happy he had found a nice girl for once.
Tom was scared of babies. One day he had to book a flight. While he was in the plane he had a baby behind him. The baby started screaming. Tom nearly passed out.
Linda was terrible at singing. But her parents indulged her delusions of being a great singer. They lavished her with endless praise and no constructive criticism. When Lisa applied to a conservatory, she was roundly rejected. Devastated, Lisa was furious that her parents had coddled her.
One day Jack and Diane went for a walk in the woods. They were walking quietly enough that they came across a deer. The deer was eating and did not move until Jack sneezed. The deer looked at Jack and Diane for a moment and bolted. Jack and Diane tried to follow it but they were not able to find him.
Jim was running late for class. He had missed his bus. His mom had to drive him to school. He arrived to class 20 minutes late. His teacher gave him detention.
Bill found out at the age of 18 he was adopted. Bill couldn't believe it. He felt like he had been lied to his whole life. Bill had to find out the truth about his real father. Bill searched for weeks and finally reconnected with his Father.
I planned a romantic getaway with my girlfriend. We rented out a log cabin in the woods. It was supposed to be just the two of us. Somehow my annoying brother found out. He showed up with a bunch of friends and threw a party.
Jim found the best pair of cowboy boots. He already had two pairs. He decided to save up to buy them. He finally had enough. When he went to buy them, they were gone.
Lauren was worried that she didn't have enough money for rent. She saved and got all she could from every source but was still short. She called her landlord and left a message begging for mercy. The next day she had a message saying she had a 7 day extension. Lauren worked hard for 7 days and was able to pay her rent.
John made plans to meet with a friend on Saturday. But while going to their usual meeting place, he met someone. She was sitting right in front of him in the subway. They smiled and blush. And john forgot all about his appointment with his friend.
There was a terrible thunderstorm in Bob's town. Bob's driveway was covered in snow. Bob couldn't get his car out of the drive. Bob shoveled his driveway. Bob's car had a clear path to the road.
Cat had been up all day and she was tired. But she was ten Year's old, which she thought was too old to nap. Finally she gave in and laid down for an hour. She woke up feeling refreshed and invigorated. Cat decided she wasn't too old to take a nap, after all!
Charles had a very big red desk. He loved his desk a lot. In fact, he sat in it every day. One day, he saw his desk was broken. Charles got it fixed very quickly and now his desk is great.
Amy's boss at a call center told her she needed to move to a new desk. Amy's coworker across from her was a loud talker. Amy herself spoke softly. She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers. Amy was told there was no where to move when she demanded a new desk.
Bill never liked to eat steak because it was too tough. He went to eat with his friends to a restaurant one day. His friends suggested he order a steak medium cooked. He reluctantly agreed and he loved the steak. Bill now loves steak.
Anna was a wedding planner. She loved her job but craved variety. So she decided to branch out! She began to plan all kinds of parties - and loved it. Anna was a happy party planner now!
The tiny black nose was very shiny. The hard plastic was placed over the small downturned mouth. The seamstress looked at the little girl and smiled. She told her it was a sad puppy who needed love. The little girl smiled back and said she would give it love.
A little boy went to his first hockey game. He was so happy that the home team beat the opponent. For Christmas, he asked for some ice skates. He practiced skating every day. Years later, he became the star of his high school hockey team.
Tom had accrue paid time off vacation days at work. He decided to visit his friends home country of Sri Lanka. He saw many unique sights there. He rode elephants. He cherished his experience with the large animals.
Hank decided to learn French before a trip to France. He ordered lesson books way before he had to leave. Every night he worked hard at learning the language. Sometimes he would work on it all night long. His hard work paid off and he was fluent in French when he got there.
Sarah had just moved into her first apartment. She loved it for the first few weeks. Suddenly she began noticing mold behind her bed. No matter what she did, the mold would grow back. She realized the house was infested and moved out.
Tucker is sitting home one night bored. He gets a text from his friend Sherry. She asks him to come out dancing with her. Tucker agrees and heads out to meet her. He has a great time out dancing with his friend.
Dennis bought his girlfriend a watch for her birthday. His girlfriend Tana seemed very excited when she opened it. Dennis noticed that Tana hardly ever wore the watch. One day Dennis asked Tana why she never wore the watch. Tana admitted she actually didn't like the watch at all.
Tom was a thin man in college. He became lazy once he got older. He became fat. He decided to join a gym to lose the weight. Tom ate right and lost all the weight he had gained since college.
Bob was trying to write an essay for class. He could only type for 10 minutes at a time. His lap hurt due to his laptop overheating. He bought a small Chromebook laptop the next day. He was able to type comfortably with his new laptop.
Daniel was rummaging through his bathroom. He was looking for his glasses for work. Suddenly, he knocked over a mirror. The mirror crashed to the floor and he heard a crack. The mirror was completely ruined.
Buddy liked to fly small planes. He started to take lessons. He got his license. He worked very hard. Eventually he could afford his own plane.
Stewart checked into a hotel late at night. He took the room keys and found the room. Someone shouted from inside when he tried to open the door. Stewart angrily stormed back to the front desk. The hotel clerk apologized for giving Stewart the wrong room.
Ryan's family went to eat delicious shave ice. Ryan was allergic to the flavored syrup. He didn't think he would get a treat. His mom had brought homemade syrup for him. His shave ice was delicious too.
Tom was an avid runner. He would run very fast. He would encounter dogs occasionally. He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog. Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog.
This was Ashley's first time to New York. All she knew was farm towns. When she got to the City she was overwhelmed. She sat in a Starbuck's in Times Square. She was ready to go back into the city and discover more.
Both teams were tired from playing for too long. However, they were tied in points. My teammate tried to perform a sneak attack. He went behind me and his defender lost sight of him. When he was free, he shot a three pointer to win the game for us.
We went to the Beach last week. The baby love to play in the sand. I could not believe it when she started to eat the sand. I rushed to wash it out of her mouth. I believe she had already swallowed some.
Sophia was asleep in bed. Suddenly, the shrill cry of her baby woke her up. She tried changing him, offering him some milk and even cuddling. Still, nothing could calm the baby's crying. He cried on and on for hours, until finally giving Sophia a break.
Caitlin's birthday was coming up, and Mike needed a present. He went through past chat transcripts with her to get ideas. He determined that a book she wanted was the best bet. Mike drove to the bookstore and bought it. He gave it to Caitlin and Caitlin was very pleased!
Olivia was working in her living room. Her baby was playing on the floor. The baby began rolling around near a blanket. Soon, he ended up with the blanket wrapped around his head. Olivia had to get up and unwrap him.
Minh was failing English class. He knew he had to better his grade. He started studying every night for an hour or more. In a few months, Minh's grade had risen to a B! Minh was very proud of his perseverance.
Lily went to the beach. She decided to build a sand castle. Lily found some shells in the water. She went further out to find some more. Lily got knocked down by a large wave that came up to the shore.
All she wanted was to feel happy. She sat there, going numb inside. She said she didn't know how to be happy. He reached out and hugged her. She said thank you and went home.
I went to a trip to Disney World during the first week of summer. When I arrived to Universal Studios, I payed for a ticket. My friend from middle school noticed me and said hi. I realized that it was her based on her looks. We decided to hang out for the rest of the day.
Sam's car was looking a little dirty. It also had salt streaks from the recent winter. Sam decided to clean it off. He took it through the car wash and then dried and waxed it. Sam's car looked sparkling-clean!
Gina wanted some privacy while at her grandparents. But everywhere she looked was occupied. Outside the kids were running around playing. It was worse there than in the house. She decided it would be best to hide out in her dad's car.
Tom was a young man. He noticed his vision was not perfect. He went to the optometrist. He was prescribed contacts. Tom loved the contacts and his perfect vision.
Gary went on vacation to the Grand Canyon. He had not been there since he was a child. While there, he was bitten by a snake. He got very sick but did not die. Gary will never go back to the Grand Canyon.
The cougar was very still with glowing eyes in the moonlight. I was terrified, and froze to the spot. I got up very slowly from my  squatting position. I opened the van door quietly. I jumped inside and slammed the door.
Fred wanted to have a delicious dinner. He wasn't sure what he should cook. Finally, he decided to fry some hot sausages. When they were finished, he ate them. He was happy to have had a delicious dinner.
Tom was watching a new show with his girlfriend. He had to go to work. When he returned he tried to keep watching. His girlfriend was way ahead of him now, though. He decided to wait and catch up later.
Lisa wanted to go to the beach. Unfortunately, she had too much homework. Lisa decided to finish the homework as fast as possible. She drank some coffee and worked for four hours. She finished and was finally able to go to the beach!
In my fourth grade social studies class we had to learn the capitals. We eventually had a test and I did the best that I could. Nonetheless I couldn't remember all the answers! As we were passing the tests in, I saw another student's answers. This reminded me of the capitals and I was tempted to cheat, and did.
My coach said we had to stop. My friend and I had been battling. We used sticks as swords. It seemed like something fun to do. We were at running camp.
Julie wanted to go to the movie. She did not want to go by herself. She decided to ask her friends. They finally decided to go. Julie and her friends had a great time at the movie.
Dan had a lot of physical anxiety and tension. His friends all told him he should try a massage. Dan had never had one, and was nervous about the personal contact. He gathered up his courage and went for a massage. It was quite pleasant and alleviated his tension.
Erica was gaining a lot of weight and needed to lose it. She decided to find a personal trainer to help her. The trainer helped her customize a program that would work. Erica worked hard on the program and lost the weight in a year. Erica now trains other people with weight programs.
Judy wanted to make some cookies. However, she forgot the butter. She decided to make them without it. She used all the rest of the ingredients. They did not taste good.
First, when I got into my class my teacher called me over. She handed me a paper with a huge F on the top, beside my name. Then, I got to lunch, and I spilt my milk all over my new dress. I went to the off the milk and  I found a twenty dollar bill. When I walked out I had a big smile, and I had a great day after that.
The first tornado I encountered was at my old house. The tornado warning was activated, and the tornado was nearby. My family and I hid in the basement, and I cried. I heard the huge tornado pass our house as we all took cover. Soon enough, the tornado had passed us by and we were safe.
Allie had to sign a document. Unfortunately there was no pen in sight. She had no idea what to do. So she decided to simply scan it and sign electronically. Thankfully that worked perfectly.
Paul was an abstract artist. He wanted to paint something else besides abstract art. He saw a nice vase on the table. Paul painted the vase. Paul felt accomplished to paint something besides abstract art.
I walked into the bank. A man pushed past me. I did not see any tellers at the counter. Suddenly the police came rushing in. That man had robbed the bank!
My nephew moved to Stoughton, MA this summer. A hoarder lives across the street. Her home was recently declared unfit, and the windows were boarded up. Today she came and sat outside her home. My nephew thinks she should be committed.
Terry decided he wanted to go back to college. He was determined to finish his accounting degree. After 4 years of night school, he finally completed his degree. Terry received his degree in front of his friends and family. Terry soon took an accounting job shortly after graduation.
Clark was needing to buy groceries. To his delight, his paycheck came in with more money than expected. He took the money and bought tons of things he had needed. Unfortunately he ran out of money quickly. He swore to never waste money like that again.
I love to climb trees! One day, I decided to climb an oak tree. I didn't realize that oak trees were quite weak. A branch snapped and I broke my leg. I realized I should not climb oak trees.
My friend Cate found out her husband was having an affair. The other woman had a lot of Facebook posts up about the affair. The woman took down the posts after being discovered. Yesterday she put all of the posts backup, defying Cate. Cate was very angry and is considering divorce.
Don was cooking chicken. It came out raw with red in the middle. He tried it again. He burned the chicken. After five more tries, he finally cooked the perfect chicken.
My roommate wanted to make some extra money. She decided to do so by making sandwiches. With all of her work and school though, she'd have no time to sell. Turns out, at her work, her boss wanted to put sandwiches on the menu. Now she makes profit from selling sandwiches to her boss!
It was Friday, and Jay could not wait to get home. It was the season finale of his favorite TV show. He had been looking forward to this night for the whole week. Unfortunately, there was a huge storm that night, causing a blackout. Jay had to wait another night to watch his show.
When Jerry came in the door, he saw a broken lamp. He blamed Tim because Tim was home. Tim blamed the dog. They yelled for hours. Then they realized the wind blew the lamp from the open window.
Marlin was a very lonely man. He was looking for love his whole life. One day he was sitting at a park bench. A young lady sits down beside him. The two talk for hours and become the best of friends.
Fred wanted to finish college more quickly. So he decided to take twice as more classes as he did last semester. He told himself he would take no breaks from homework or studying. But he became so stressed out that he binged on alcohol. Fred realized his goal was too unrealistic.
Kevin was feeling unmotivated. He went to see an inspirational speaker. The man got him excited about living! Kevin decided to start his own business and take control of his future. Within the year, he was more successful than he had ever been.
A boy really wanted to see a new movie. He asked his mom and she said she would take him. He happily waited to go to the theatre. His mom and him grabbed snacks while they waited in line. The boy arrived at the specified theatre and enjoyed the movie.
I took my girlfriend out for sushi the other night. The owner of the restaurant is a friend of ours. He gave us a lot of free food. He even gave us a special dessert at the end. We had such a great time.
I visited my grandfather's house. He hugged me and offered a seat. Although I tried talking about tomorrow's party, he didn't listen much He tried to speak about a different subject. I ended up leaving since he couldn't stop talking.
I have a huge collection of stuffed animals and characters. Most of them are very special to me, or gifts. I have a pink and white stuffed penguin that was given to me. It was won in a claw machine one day as we were playing in an arcade. That day, I won two stuffed animals, and I sleep with the other one.
I was camping in the woods one day. I saw some people in boats passing by. They waved and I invited them over. When I told them I was breaking camp they offered me a lift. The boat nearly tipped over with all my stuff in it.
Tom loved Sicilia with all his heart. She never knew it. He wrote her a letter explaining everything. But he chickened out and never gave it to her. He still longs for her from afar.
Anna wanted to play for her school tennis team. She went to the tryouts. She thought she did poorly, and was despondent. But the next day, the captain gave her great news. Anna had made the school tennis team!
There was a banging noise across the house. I searched into the garage, but there was no noise there. As I came closer to the bathroom, the noise got louder. The sound was coming out of the bathroom door. When I opened it, it was my baby daughter.
Tom didn't have a job. His friend invited him to a restaurant. And his friend said he would pay for everything. Tom wanted to go. But he felt too guilty.
Laura wondered how he would feel if she asked him out. She never did but the wonder drove her insane. One day it didn't matter because he asked her out. Her anxiety melted away and she became excited about the date. They went out and had a wonderful time.
Ted and Jane were now octogenarians. They knew tonight would be a special night. They too their pain medication and stepped out on the floor. They danced to their favorite songs for thirty minutes. When they went home, they brought with them a treasured memory.
John was shopping at a store. He slipped and fell due to some water on the floor. There was no sign around and John tried to sue. He did not win because he sustained no injuries. John lost time and money on the lawsuit.
I have always been ashamed of my weight. I am much larger than most other men. I am not unhealthy, but I am not lean or muscular. I met a guy online who is attracted to larger men. That guy and I are now dating.
Charlotte had ordered a pizza. She ate three slices of the pizza. Charlotte was going to bring part of the pizza to work for lunch. She forgot to put the pizza in the refrigerator. Charlotte had to throw the pizza in the morning.
I lost my phone charger. I looked all over the house for it. When I couldn't find it, I asked my brother for help. He found it right away! I was embarrassed, but relieved.
Tom had a backpack he loved. He used the backpack for everything. One day the zipper broke. It needed to be repaired. Tom took it to be repaired.
Jen wanted to try squid for the first time. I told her it was pretty good but she wasn't too sure. We ended up ordering some squad at a restaurant. She took a bite and really didn't enjoy it! After a few more bits it grew on her more and she loved it.
My sister in law lost her husband in 1984. They had been married for 11 Year's and had three kids. He was an alcoholic and suffered a heart attack that year. He did not heed his doctor and kept drinking. He died of a second heart attack a few months after the first.
Nick and Nina met by a duck pond one night. They sat together and talked for hours. While they chatted, they drank orange soda and ate snacks. As it got late, they laid down and looked at the stars. Eventually, they fell asleep together in the grass.
Getting a new cell phone was stressful. The phone store was crowded. I had a hard time getting straight answers out of the salesmen. I ended up leaving with a very nice phone. My bill was much higher than I expected.
Carl enjoys playing video games. One day he was playing a game. When all of a sudden his controller stopped working. Carl became very sad. The next day he bought a new controller for his gaming console.
Greg purchased a new grill. He placed it in his backyard and prepared to cook. He lifted the lid and peered inside. He was confused to find nothing inside the grill. He had forgotten to buy coals along with the new grill.
Virginia learned to shoot rifles from her father. Every day after school, he would take her to the firing range. When she turned 18, she went to college on a rifle scholarship. She tried out for the Olympics right away and made the team. Practice paid off and she won the first gold at the Rio Olympics.
James was annoyed since his sister repeated everything he said. He tried to make her stop but she wouldn't listen. Therefore, he slapped her. She ended up crying. I received a timeout from my mom when she found out.
Allie got an email this morning. It said her credit card was compromised. Allie got so worried. She started feeling sick. But thankfully her account was not drained.
John heard the best way to meet women was at the dog park. So one Saturday morning he and his dog Frank drove to the park. Right away Frank ran over to another dog to play. John started talking to the dog's owner, a pretty young single woman. They arranged a date for later in the week.
Jen loved making things with her hands. She took up knitting. She made a few blankets. The were so warm and cozy! Jen got to work making a big comforter for her bed.
My wife is an Art Teacher at our local school. She wanted to really get the program doing new things. She had all the kids make short films for a big show. We had a movie festival at an old theatre with the community. It turned out really awesome and everyone is excited for next year.
On Saturday morning I had to get to work very early. I woke up because it seemed too light outside. I realized the alarm clock was blinking due to a power failure. I was buttoning my shirt as I ran out the door. The bus pulled up to my stop just as I arrived.
Kat baked a batch of muffins. They turned out horrible. She thought it would be funny to offer some to her friend. Kat's friend ate the muffin as not to be rude. Kat thought it was hilarious her friend ate the yucky muffin.
I sat at the computer all day long. I was unaware of my own discomfort. When I stood up, I suddenly realized how stiff my legs were. I looked down and saw my feet were severely swollen. I decided to go for a walk to relieve the pain and swelling instead.
Kelly was trying to complete tasks for her boss. A coworker asked for Kelly's help. Kelly felt obligated to help the other employee. When she left her boss' task, she was reprimanded. Kelly decided it was best to stick with what her boss told her to do.
I was hanging a picture up on the wall. The picture was one of my mother. I was holding some nails in my hand. One fell on the ground. I bent down to pick it up, but dropped another one.
Kevin noticed his machine was running slowly. He prepared for the worst by backing up his data. Sure enough, the hard drive failed the next day. Kevin was relieved to have his data backed up. He restored it on a new computer he purchased.
Trevor was on a recreational soccer team. Each player got to pick their own jersey number. Trevor picked 11 because it was his lucky number. The shirts were numbered according to size from 1 to 20. Trevor was a tall lad and found the shirt too short on him.
The Smiths always go camping over spring break. This year they want to go somewhere else. They voted on a new place and chose the beach. They rented a condo and loved it. Now they want to make the beach a new tradition.
Gia and Tilly became lovers. Gia told Tilly she was not really a lesbian. Tilly always just pooh-poohed that notion. Gia stressed out looking for a way to make Tilly believe her. Then Tilly was killed and Gia didn't have to look for a way.
Amy was tired and ready to sleep as she boarded her 5AM flight. She sat in her seat waiting for the lights to dim. Just as she began to nod off a baby began to cry. Amy tried hard to sleep and ignore the child. After an hour she put in earbuds and listened to music instead.
Bernadette wanted to enter a marathon. She trained at the gym four days a week. The day of the marathon arrived. She became winded and had to stop near half-way. Bernadette decided that her future workouts needed more cardio.
A consultant to my company lived in Atlanta. Our company is in Boston. She kept posting romantic Facebook posts about a Boston Boy. I found out she was having an affair with one of my coworkers. Last week the coworker's wife found out and hit the roof.
My friend was accepted to a highly prestigious college. She was planning to leave within a week. I treated her to dinner and took her out to the mall. She was extremely thankful and hugged me. The next day, she left for an airplane flight to the college.
Brad was supposed to meet his sister for brunch on Sunday. He showed up at 11:30 on the dot but she wasn't there. He asked the waiter to be seated even though she hadn't arrived. The waiter smiled, telling him it was only 10:30. Brad forgot about the Fall time change!
Bobby was picked on for being the smallest boy in his class. One day, Bobby decided to get big and strong. After school each day, he would go home and do fifty push-ups. For dinner, Bobby would eat lots of vegetables and meat. After all his hard work, Bobby became the strongest boy in school!
My yard was covered in leaves. I put on my boots and went outside. I went to the shed and grabbed a rake. I raked the leaves on my yard. I put the leaves in bags and went inside.
Joe imagined getting rich by finding a priceless pearl. He took his boat to an oyster bed and started looking. He tossed the oysters aside when he found no pearls inside. Hours later, Joe had nothing to show for his troubles. His stomach grumbled and Joe thought of the wasted oysters.
Susie was going to learn to ride her bike. After learning, her mom took off the training wheels. Susie then was so happy. She rode very well. Susie then was giving ice cream.
Devan had never flown on an airplane before. She was excited to take her first flight. After the plane had taken off, Devan's ears began to hurt. A passenger next to her gave her bubble gum to help with the ear pain. Now, she always has a pack of gum before boarding an airplane.
Bobby had many older siblings. She envied them going to school. She was so happy when they bought her school supplies too! On the first day of school she waited with her siblings for the bus. She happily waved goodbye to her parents as she boarded.
Shawn had started dating Wendy two months ago. He finally introduced her to his friends. They seemed to really hit it off. Shawn was excited because everything seemed perfect. Then Shawn realized everyone liked Wendy more than they liked him.
Carl was tasked with making a calligraphy of his grandmother. He spent a few hours on the task. When he was done, he put it in his car. He drove to grandma's house to give the calligraphy to her. She was so satisfied with it, that she gave him a big hug.
Jerry had always wanted to learn how to ski. He didn't have any friends interested in going with him. Finally, he decided to go alone. He scheduled lessons with a professional for his first day. Jerry can now be found on the slopes every winter weekend.
Emma thought trees were beautiful. So she wanted a bonsai tree in her room. She ordered one online. And it arrived at her house in beautiful condition. Emma was happy that she had the bonsai tree to admire.
I called my mom the phone today. She did not answer. Then, she called me back. She told me she had lost her phone, but my call helped her find it. I'm glad I called her!
Corey wanted to learn to skate so his dad got him a skateboard. Corey put on his knee pads and practiced everyday. It wasn't long before people started to gather around to watch him. Soon a Corey got sponsored by the local skate shop. Corey's dad was very proud of him.
A man was on a flight back home to his wife. When suddenly the flight was canceled due to bad weather. He was stuck on the tarmac, and his wife called. She was furious that he was late. The man had the pilot himself tell her that it couldn't be helped.
Terry wanted to give her dad a tie for Christmas. But she had very little money! Then she decided to try to make it herself. She cut up an old shirt and sewed it into a tie. Her dad said it was the best tie he had ever owned!
The guys liked to go out to eat. They went to a bar that had great wings. They would eat until they couldn't eat anymore. When they finished, they always took a cab home. It was their favorite weekly tradition.
This morning I did not want to get out of bed. My little dog was snuggled right next to me. We were both warm and sleepy. When I finally got out of bed, dressed and to work, I was late. My boss asked for an excuse and I told him it was my dog's fault.
I was doing an mTurk hit on food choices. The hit mentioned sardines often. Yesterday my wife was food shopping and asked for requests. I asked for sardines. I had them with my dinner, much to my wife's dismay.
Tyler worked at a smoke shop. He worked very hard to be a good employee. One day he helped some people purchase a vaporizer. They told him they were satisfied but they complained to the owner. Tyler lost his job but swears he never mistreated the customers.
Nancy wanted an early start on a tan for prom. She went to the tanning salon every day for a month. Her friends seemed envious of Nancy's golden glow. The morning of prom, Nancy woke and looked in the mirror. Her golden tan was peeling like an ugly old scab.
My niece D had a child in 1999. When the child was six, the school suggested testing. They thought the child needed an individual learning program. D said that would not be necessary. A few years later D had the child tested and got her into an ILP.
I grew up poor. Every Halloween my mom made my costume. Nobody ever guessed who I was. I still went trick or treating. They gave me extra candy out of pity.
We saw The Martian on demand two weeks ago. My wife is a Matt Damon fan. We bought candy and watched the movie during the afternoon. Afterward, we discussed the movie. My wife did not like it, while I did.
Tom was driving around. He could barely see anything. His windshield was too dirty. Using his wipers just made it worse. Tom had to pull over to clean it.
This morning when we woke up we didn't have any dog food. We went to the pet store to buy more dog food. The employee at the pet store helped us get the dog food. We bought the dog food. Once we got home we fed the dog.
Teddy wanted to build bird houses. He tried learning about it all on his own. His father offered to help. Teddy accepted his offer. His father taught him the proper way in building bird houses.
Thad always loved going places with his dad, especially the river. They would go fishing and sometimes swimming. One day they went down to the river. Thad's dad brought the fishing poles. Thad caught the biggest fish he'd ever seen that day!
Tran felt sick when he woke up. He stayed home to rest. Tran's girlfriend brought his favorite foods. They watched movies all afternoon. Tran enjoyed his sick day.
Nia wanted a koi pond. But when she shopped around, she was aghast. Prices were very high! Nia filled her pond with goldfish instead. They were much cheaper, and no one knew the difference!
Today was the first day on the new job for Mike. He was pretty nervous and not really sure what to expect. When he arrived he was assigned to a co-worker who showed him around. He spent the day learning the ropes and meeting other co-workers. By the end of the day he felt right at home in his new job.
It was Jordan's birthday. His mother was buying him a cake. Jordan's mother bought a strawberry cake. He had wanted a chocolate cake. Jordan had a tantrum about the cake.
Tom was watching the basketball game on television. He was very upset that his team was losing. With only seconds left, his team scored 2 points. These two points were enough to give his team the lead. Tom was very pleased his team ended up winning.
William hates to cook. His wife always laughs at his kitchen failures. He signed up for a cooking class. His wife had no idea he did. He then made the best meal of her life!
The first time I was hit by a drunk driver was scary. I was just driving down the street in my small car. All the sudden, a huge truck slammed into my car. The driver got out and wreaked of alcohol. The police came and locked him up.
Olaf was a computer programmer. He was tasked with discerning humans from bots. He wrote a program that required humans to copy text from images. It was successful but greatly annoyed users. Olaf was satisfied with his work overall.
Mason wanted to eat some food but his house had no food. All they had were flour tortillas but nothing to fill them with. Mason searched and searched but found nothing to eat but the tortilla. He finally decided he had no choice and decided to cook the tortilla. To his horror when he checked it he realized it had mold.
Amanda stayed up all night studying. She had put off studying until the day before her exam. She wished she had not done so! In the morning she was very fatigued. She vowed to never procrastinate again!
I found a recipe for a stew I liked. I went to the store and bought ingredients. I went back home and prepared the ingredients. I put the food in a slow cooker. Later, I took the stew out and enjoyed it.
Ron liked his new apartment, but it was pretty hot in there. He couldn't afford air conditioning and summer was coming. He was complaining to his friend, Len, who offered a solution. Len had an old window air conditioner he didn't use anymore. Len helped Ron install it and the place became cool and comfortable.
Maddie was in her lower bunk at summer camp. She was trying to sleep but noises from above were keeping her awake. Her bunkmate was tossing and turning, making the springs groan. Maddie woke her up and asked her to quiet down. Luckily they were able to get some sleep after that.
The wife found out her husband and sister had an affair. She was horrified! She kicked the husband out and changed her phone number. She never spoke to either of them again. She found a great new husband who was much more caring.
Adriana was a faithful woman. She would do anything for her husband. Sadly he didn't show as much love for her. Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman. After his apology she forgave him and stayed in the marriage.
I put laundry away. There were three loads piled up waiting to be folded. I folded it all, then stacked it in piles. I put everyone's clothes away in their dressers. By the time I was done, I was ready for a nap.
Delilah was wrapping presents for Christmas. She wanted them to look as nice as possible. For some reason though, the presents were all coming out badly. She tried over and over to get it perfect. Unfortunately, this caused her to run out of paper entirely.
Tim was an artist. A family member commissioned a painting. Tim was nervous about it. It wound up taking him a long time to finish. His family member felt it was worth the wait.
I desired a career in animation. I reasoned that the best first step was simply to create some work. I made some short animations and posted them online. They went viral and got a huge number of views. Now I make money through ads on short animations I make.
John was always easily spooked. John went to the movies with his friends. They saw a very scary horror movie. John was pretty shaken up by the content of the movie. That night, John slept with all his lights on!
I had to go to the store one day to buy dog food. We always buy a certain brand so it was very easy. Unfortunately they were out of it! I had to go to a different store 30 minutes away. When I got to that store I bought the dog food and went home.
Tom started following politics. Since he was new he didn't know what sources were reputable. He started reading fringe conspiracy websites. Tom believed himself to be very highly informed. Unfortunately all the information was wrong.
Tom kept getting flat tires. It became too much of a hassle. He decided to buy a portable air compressor. Tom always kept it in his car. It got him out of a lot of trouble.
Out of the whole office, Jamie was the biggest talker. He would spend much longer on the phones than anyone else. When customers call, it's not unheard of for them to hang up. Usually they do this to try and get a different employee. Occasionally, they'll get Jamie again and be stuck for longer.
Ben is on his way to get ice cream. He gets his ice cream. He begins to eat it. He tries to eat it so fast it drops. Ben dropped his ice cream on the ground.
Kelly bought a new blanket. She absolutely loved it. It was pink and striped. Unfortunately she spilled juice on it. But thankfully the stain came out.
Alex celebrated every Chinese New Year with his family. One year, Alex felt his family wasn't as excited as he was. Alex wanted to find another group to celebrate his favorite holiday. The day before, he realized he had the only family that celebrated. Alex learned to be grateful of his family's unique tradition.
John loved working with animals. After inheriting the farm he happily spent all day on it. Now he had a choice to make. There wasn't any work left in the prairies. That September, John set off for a new life in Dallas.
My mailbox was getting loose. I went outside with my tools. I fixed the screws in the mailbox. When the screws were tightened, the mailbox was fixed. I went back inside and felt good.
Tom was jogging in the park on a Saturday afternoon. Tom saw a lady strolling with a purse hanging over her shoulder. Suddenly, a man grabbed the purse. The man ran away before anything could be done. Tom dialed 911 immediately, telling the police what he saw.
Tim was steering his remote-controlled car outside. But he lost control of his remote. The car careened into the street. There, it collided with a real car! Sadly, Tim's toy car was completely destroyed.
The girls had a sleepover. They watched movies. They ordered pizza. They ate a ton of candy and chips. They had more fun than they ever imagined.
Ulf had been driving for 10 hours straight in a large moving van. His eyes had started to close on their own accord. Ulf tried opening the windows and singing along to music. Nothing worked and he fell asleep on the interstate. Ulf was woken up suddenly as he veered on to the rumble strips.
A family decided to build a new barbecue pit in their yard. Rather than pay for an excavator, they decided to dig it themselves. A few feet down, and one of them hit what he thought was a small root. It turned out to be a fiber optic cable supplying internet and TV. A protracted legal battle ensued over responsibility for the outage.
Jo brought home a note saying she needed to see the school counselor. Her parents' expressions made Jo feel worried. Waiting in the counselor's office, Jo gnawed at her fingernails. The counselor came in with a stack of papers. He said the papers were glowing reports from Jo's teachers.
Anna's dad left a sandwich in the fridge. At night she ate it because it looked delicious. In the morning he blamed her brother for eating it. Anna felt so guilty! Her guilt made her confess to the crime.
I ordered a guitar online on January 15th from a Luthier. The guitar was a special order to be delivered by Federal Express. It was insured and I needed to be home to sign for it. I waited for my new instrument and did not leave my house that day. I was so delighted my guitar was delivered that January afternoon!
Sam noticed his light-bulb went out. Luckily he had a replacement ready. When he went to take out the old one Sam got burned. He didn't wait for the bulb to cool down. Sam was upset and waited for it to cool.
Every evening when the street lights came on I'd head home. One particular night I was pushing my bike because the tire was flat. As I walked in the gutter I stepped on a cicada who began to screech. I dropped my bicycle and ran all the way home. To this day I hate cicadas!
A reporter for the daily news is sure that he has a new scoop. He decides to visit the house of an informant to get some more news. While visiting they mention something that grabs his attention. When he investigates the comment he realizes there's a scoop there. With this information he creates an even bigger story for himself.
There was a huge snow storm last year. After the snow stopped Mike went to snow blow. He noticed his old neighbor was shoveling. He went over and snowblowed for him. The old man was so thankful for the help.
Sam lived by the ocean. There was a storm coming. Sam didn't anticipate a flood. It hit and destroyed his car. Sam wasn't insured for it.
Cari enjoyed kayaking. Cari went kayaking with friends one day in the ocean. A whale came out of the ocean and knocked Cari's kayak over. Cari didn't get hurt. Cari decided not to kayak when the whales were around.
Derek went to the technology store. He ran across a new laptop on sale. He tried out the flip screen on the computer. It was able to turn around however, it ended up breaking apart. Derek ended up running away from the store.
Tom's windows were drab and boring. They didn't let in much light. He decided to ask an interior decorator friend. The friend made some suggestions. Tom followed them and likes his windows much more now.
Yesterday Lisa was asked out by a gorgeous young man. She immediately agreed to go out with him. He was going to pick her up for dinner but Lisa was nervous. Finally when he got her, Lisa's nerves calmed down. To her surprise, the two had a lot of fun.
It rained horribly this morning and almost wiped out my garden. I didn't want that to happen again so I decided to put up a tent. I asked my neighbor Jack if he would help me put up the tent. He said yes and so he and I got to work. Now the tent is up and my garden is protected against the rain.
Allie went to the beach. On her way to the water she walked barefoot. Unfortunately it was too rocky. Allie winced in pain. She needed to wear sandals next.
Maria was sitting with her baby that wouldn't stop crying. She was trying everything but nothing seemed to calm the baby. Soon Maria realized that the baby must be teething. She thought and thought until she had an idea. She gave the baby a frozen waffle to chew on and the baby calmed down.
Sue always adored the pop-star Madonna. She grew up singing Madonna's songs and going to all her concerts. Then Sue got backstage passes for a Madonna concert for her birthday. And when Sue finally met Madonna briefly, Madonna was rude to her. Sue was so disappointed that her idol wasn't what she thought she was.
Joe received a text with an emergency alert. A tsunami was predicted to hit his city in less than an hour. He grabbed his family and loaded them into the car. They drove inland to escape it. They were relieved to hear it was minimal and caused little damage.
Tim was excited when it froze at his home in Texas. He thought the frozen branches looked like ice sculptures. Tim had an idea and got out the hose. He turned his mom's rose bushes into ice sculptures. The ice ended up killing every rose bush.
Stephen went to Time square He was about to watch a broadway play. He had to wait a long line. He went in to see Phantom of the Opera. He was amazed the entire time.
Aura applied to the state college. She really wanted to get in! When the reply letter came, she was all nerves. But then she opened it and shrieked with joy. They had accepted her!
It was Martha's last day of school. She had her yearbook and was asking for signatures. She was nervous to ask her crush, but wanted his signature. Finally, she gathered up the courage to hand him her yearbook. He signed it and he even wrote down his phone number.
Jerry was the coach of his son's football team. They were the worst team in their league. Jerry told them if they won a game he would buy them all pizza. They won their next game. Jerry bought them all a huge pizza.
Ava made chocolate shakes for her kids on a hot summer day. She called them in from play, but they dallied. By time they came in, the shakes were almost melted. Ava blended in more ice cubes and refreshed them. Voila-the shakes were perfect again!
I read a book about a king in a far land. The ending was so bad I ripped it out of the book. I crumpled the pages in a ball and set it on fire. The glow from the flames lit up the entire room. I feel like I created something beautiful in that moment.
Justin's kitchen was full of flies. He was so sick of the bugs that he went into the kitchen and hunted. He spent an hour smashing as many flies as possible. When he was done, most were dead or hiding. Satisfied, he washed his hands and resumed normal life.
Kenneth had not spoken with his mother in 15 Year's. They had both forgotten why they had started fighting. Finally Kenneth called his mother to talk. They were both relieved to speak with each other. Kenneth decided never to allow another argument last so long.
Last week most restaurants were closed. The only thing that was open was the pizza place. So we went there four times in a row. It was rather excessive. I ate so much pizza I never wanted to eat it again.
I was doing my laundry yesterday. I was putting the wash into the dryer. A young woman saw me struggling, as I can use only one hand. She put all of my clothes into the dryers. I thanked her profusely.
Felicity had a lot of hope for her career. She found a job as an assistant. She climbed her way up the ladder every year. When she got on top, she was where she wanted to be. She then had to find a new dream to fulfill to put all her hopes into.
Darren milked the cow. The cow kicked over the bucket of milk. The milk spilled out before Darren could catch it. Darren drove to the store. Darren bought a gallon of milk from the store.
Deena had been searching for the perfect toy chest. She noticed the perfect tutorial for a DIY version. She wasn't the best at crafts but she decided to give it a try. Soon, she had produced her own toy chest. She was so proud of her work that she planned to pursue more projects.
Tom was a highschool Junior. He was very nervous about passing his driver's test at his local DMV. Tom took the written exam, doing very well! Then Tom took the driving exam, with the ride-along examiner. Tom aced that test as well!
Gina was helping her grandma make dinner. Her sister was on the porch talking to her cousin. Gina heard a car pull up outside. There was a door slam, and the car pulled off. Gina sat in the chair afraid her sister had left without saying bye.
Spike has a huge test. He studies very hard. The day of the test comes. He finishes his test. He gets a passing grade.
For the past 15 Year's, Sally was inseparable from her favorite dog. She got Sammie as a birthday present and they adored each other. When Sally moved to the big city, Sammie was her constant companion. Sammie loved car rides, so Sally took her anytime she could. When Sammy died, Sally just knew she'd see her again one day.
Jon was writing short stories. He was running out of ideas. He decided to open a dictionary and write about random words. The stories started to make no sense. All of his work was rejected and he cried.
Tom ate a strict diet. He usually had grilled chicken. Tom tried to buy it ahead of time. Unfortunately that caused some of it to spoil. Tom got sick because of it.
Jenna had just ordered some sweaters. She received them in the mail quickly. When she tried them on, they were too big. She had to call them and send them back. Luckily, she was able to get the right size quickly.
Carole was having a hard day at work. She hated her job. Carole's boss began screaming at her demeaningly. Carole walked out of work. She called back to say she quit.
The man had an interview. He was a convict on parole. The interviewer asked what he'd been doing the last five years. The man was embarrassed when he had to admit where he had been. He was not offered the job.
Ross noticed a putrid smell from his house. He asked his daughter what it could be. She shook her head. But then they found it. It was a rotten egg under the sofa.
Sam had gotten pretty good with his new baseball glove. Confident in his skills he tried out for his local team. Sam made the cut and was put on the team. He did such a good job that he was moved to first base! Sam was very proud of his new position.
Stephen started his first year of college. He didn't like living away from home. He called him mom for help. She told him he could come home. He decided to drop out.
Joe had heard that if spaghetti stuck to the wall it was cooked. He was making spaghetti himself for the first time. The first piece he threw against the wall didn't stick. It was eight pieces later before one stayed in place. When he tasted his spaghetti he found it perfectly cooked.
Jay got a job out of state. He had one month left in his lease. Jay's lease came up for renewal. He talked to his landlord. Jay let the lease expire.
There were dirty clothes on the ground. I picked them all up. I put them in the basket. I took them to the laundry room. I placed them in the washer.
James was waiting for a bill in the mail. The bill still hadn't arrived. James called the billing company. The company allowed James to pay over the phone. James began to pay his bill on the phone.
The cow left the barn. It went out to the field. The other cows were out in the field. The cow found a spot of grass. The cow ate the grass.
I visited a friend who worked at the Humane Society. She was showing me around the shelter. I locked eyes with a large black dog. I knew that dog belonged with me. He came home with me two days later.
Tonight my wife made turkey burgers for dinner. She prefers turkey as it is lighter. She also made french fries. I prefer beef but I am disabled and cannot cook. I said to myself beggars can't be choosers.
Sue loved fashion. She was given detention for reading fashion magazines at school. During detention, the art teacher noticed Sue drawing clothes. The teacher encouraged Sue to apply to the special arts high school. Sue transferred schools and now reads fashion magazines for classes.
The marathon already occurred for thirty minutes. All of the runners, including myself, were trying not to stop. However, I lost my breath and collapsed on the ground. The ambulance removed me from the crowd. They immediately started to deliver fluids intravenously.
Derek worked at the counter of a local fast food restaurant. One day a particularly rude customer yelled at him for no reason. He then put a used band-aid in the burger they ordered as retaliation. The customer found it after biting into it, and told the manager. Derek's manager reprimanded him, but he figured it was worth it.
Charles wanted be a Rap star since the early nineties. Although he made demos, no record company would sign him. In 2015 he made a record and obtained a digital file of his recording. He used his credit card and joined a music sharing site. Now Charles is selling downloads of his music, his dream is reality.
Will wanted to get into better shape. Will started eating a high protein, low fat diet. Also, Will took long walks and hit the weights in the gym. After several months, Will weighed in. Will lost 40 pounds!
Florence kept all her old souvenirs in a white box in her closet. From time to time she loved looking at it. She sang old tunes while doing so. But this time she stopped mid lyric. She saw that her mom had hidden a letter there before dying.
Marty was a meter reader for the city. He was reading a meter near an old house. The residents didn't keep up their yard very well. Marty stepped in a pile of ants in the yard. Marty was bit by many ants in the yard.
Thirty-five Years ago, I was called for my first Service as a juror. It was a big trial - a man had been shot and the shooter on trial. They took a very long time picking the members of the jury. I met Jenn,we sat next to each other and served together. The trial lasted three weeks and our friendship is still going strong.
Adam ordered some flowers for his mom for mother's day. They arrived early and were left outside in the hot sun all day. Adam totally forgot about the flowers and let them wilt and die. He noticed too late that the flowers were dead and brown and panicked! He bought his mom chocolates instead that year!
William went to the store to buy a lottery ticket. He perused through all the options but couldn't chose. A woman close to him told him he should buy a gold looking one. William followed her lead and bought the ticket. When he scratched it, he won ten dollars and bought more tickets.
Tyler decided to go to a concert. He told his parents he was at his friend's house. His parents checked up on him. They realized he was lying. He had to go home before the concert ended.
Paul had always wanted to grow a beard. His wife thought beards were gross. One day they got into a big fight. Paul decided he would grow a beard to make his wife mad. Paul now has an ex-wife.
Will had never been to the eye doctor before so he was nervous. When he arrived he checked in with the doctor and he was examined. After Will had the test the doctor told him he didn't need glasses. Will was surprised and happy. Will was glad that the visit was over.
Josh went to the water park with his family. He got on several big slides. They even let him eat junk food. Josh loved the entire day. He talked about it all summer.
Neil Trained very hard at NASA to be an astronaut. He finally was scheduled for a mission to the space station. Neil was very excited and quite a bit nervous too. When the day came he was ready and willing to go to space. Neil blasted off without trouble and had a great trip.
Two drunks at the bar got so drunk they couldn't speak coherently. Even so they continued to tell each other long winded tales. Eventually they got into a heated argument about something. The bartender told them to take their nonsense outside. Once outside they forgot what they were talking about and went home.
Mitchell grew up wanting to be a doctor, just like his father. In his youth, he spent free time reading medical books. All throughout school, Mitchell maintained good grades. When he got into Med School, he couldn't have been happier. Mitchell went on to graduate top of his class.
Bob's bought a trailer that had a shingle roof. When it rained the roof would leak pretty badly. Bob checked his insurance policy to see if it was covered. The insurance replaced the shingle roof with a metal one. Bob's happy the rain doesn't leak into his house any more.
I decided to get a pet kitten. I went to the pet store and looked around. This beautiful kitten was clawing and biting the cage, to get to me. I decided to adopt her and take her home. She has been my cat child for 8 years now and is very happy.
Jason was getting his brand new television today from Best Buy. When the doorbell rang, Jason jumped for joy. The delivery team came with a 100 inch tv for Jason. Jason got it all set up and could not believe his eyes. The picture was absolutely breathtaking.
Allie and her friends went to Vegas. They wanted to make some money. Allie sat at the slot machine for an hour. She ended up making a hundred dollars. Allie was thrilled.
Joe wanted to give his teacher something nice the last day of school. His mother said she couldn't spare any extra money for a gift. Joe took his few coins to the store to look for a present. Nothing in the store seemed nice enough for his teacher. Along the way to school, Joe picked flowers for the teacher instead.
I taught my girlfriend how to grill a steak. It took a few times. We burned a few cow parts. But eventually she got the hang of it. Now she cooks steak all the time.
He wanted his daughter to be well educated. Every day after school, she had to do her homework. If there was none to do, she had to read. He started her reading an entertaining science book. She really enjoyed the book.
Kate was bored and hot during a blackout. She wanted to watch TV. But without power that was not an option. She decided to use her laptop on the porch in the breeze. She used it happily until the battery died an hour later.
Dan walked to the park to use the swing. He tried to see how high he could swing himself. At the top of his swing Dan jumped off. He flew through the air towards the ground. Dan landed softly in a pile of sand.
My wife retired last week. We had a party. A lot of people gave her gifts. She got 7 gift cards to various restaurants. We will get fat!
Kenny was not a suitable replacement for Adam. The company tried to make the change, but it wasn't working. Everyone within the company wanted Adam. After much backlash, Adam was brought back and given his old job. Everyone else was very pleased.
I went to a party. I was socializing and drinking. The police came to put a stop to the party. I sneaked out the back of the house to drive home. I was pulled over and spent a night in jail.
One day in winter a black dog wanders up to the business. She is very friendly and doesn't leave to go home. Wendy couldn't leave her outside in the cold so took her in. Wendy tried to find her owners but never could. Wendy adopted the dog and named her Kat.
Anne needed a bouquet of flowers for her wedding. She set off down the road. She picked every lovely flower she saw. Then she assembled them together. Anne had made a lovely wildflower bouquet!
Jennifer loved her poodle very much even if it looked shabby. She tried everything to make it look better without success. In desperation, she entered her dog in the dress your pet contest. She dressed her poodle like a ballerina and went to the event. She won first place and was proud to walk with her poodle.
Mary had a baby pomapoo puppy. She named her puppy Pookie because she liked how it sounded. Pookie's hair was white with some tints of beige around her ears. They would often play together for hours at a time. At night, Mary and Pookie would share a bed and fall asleep together.
Gretchen was not happy with her new haircut. She decided to go to a different hair stylist. She told her what she wanted. The hair stylist did a perfect job. Gretchen went to the new hairstylist from then on.
Tom had a nice fish tank. His girlfriend tried to get him a fish for his birthday. Unfortunately she got him a fresh water fish. Tom had a saltwater tank. She apologized and returned it.
Tom forgot to brush his teeth one night. He tried to kiss his girlfriend in the morning. She pushed him away because of his bad breath. Tom agreed that his mouth tasted gross. He rarely forgot to brush his teeth after that.
I love the scent of cereals. I found a website that sold perfumes that smelled good. They had a scent called fruity pebbles. I bought a vial of it. When it arrived, I was thrilled to find it smelled exactly like it.
The Cleveland Cavaliers made NBA history in June. They overcame a 3-1 series deficit to win the title. Golden State was poised to win their second title in a row. However, Cleveland would not count themselves out. The Cavs won the final three games to make NBA history.
Michael was a storm chaser. He drove through a strong thunderstorm in search of a tornado. When he cleared the sheets of rain, he saw the tornado ahead of him. Michael turned his vehicle around and drove away as fast as he could. He filmed the tornado's destructive path from a safe distance.
Lately, my son has had a hard time finding his shoes in the morning. They never seem to be where the should be. I thought it was laziness until I saw our puppy running with a shoe. Our puppy has been taking my son's shoes and hiding them. We now keep them out of the puppy's reach.
Jon bought a puppy. The puppy was about to turn one year old. Jon decided to buy a bone for the puppy's birthday present. The puppy loved the bone. Alas, a bone shard cut the puppy's cheek!
Martha wanted to go on a hike. She drove her car to the top of the mountain. She started climbing through the forests. On the path she saw a bald eagle perched on a tree. She took a picture of the eagle.
Turner needed to get glasses. He had been unable to see the board in class. He feared that everyone would make fun of him. The glasses made him look erudite and debonair. Turner came to love his lenses.
Jake stole something from the store. The clerk had camera that caught footage of him. This footage was sent to the authorities. Jake's identity was found out and he got arrested. Jake swore to never steal again.
My dad is visiting town this week. He was supposed to come for dinner tonight. I spend 3 hours yesterday shopping and preparing for it. I got a call last night my Aunt collapsed and flatlined. He ended up having to leave early to go be with her family.
Tracy usually runs on the treadmill. One morning she decided to go outside for her workout. As she was running down the street, she started to fall. The road was covered in ice! Tracy decided it was best to stick to the treadmill from now on.
I loved a man whose religious beliefs were different from mine. I told my mother that I wanted to marry him. My mother was very angry and we had a huge fight. I went ahead and married him anyway. My mother and I no longer speak to each other.
I wanted to learn to make pot pies. I bought a recipe book with a number of styles. I had trouble getting the crust right. Then I had trouble getting the vegetables cooked well enough. In the end I bought some frozen pot pies and they were great.
Gina had a crush on a boy in her class. But each day she liked him less and less. He had a loud and grating laugh. Gina gritted her teeth each time she heard it. The sound of his laugh annoyed Gina more and more each day.
My roommate gave me an hour's notice that she'd be babysitting. She has four siblings who have no manners. They ran around the apartment for four hours. Several things ended up broken. After four hours, she finally told us they're spending the night.
Judy and Chris were a happy couple. Their anniversary was coming up. Judy loved flowers. Chris surprised Judy with a wide array of pretty flowers. Judy loved the surprise gift and thanked Chris.
Kelly was very upset because her parents announced their divorce. As a result, Kelly felt torn. Her parents assured her it would be okay. Kelly then went to speak to someone about her issues. She then realized it would be alright.
Mendoza loved to play games on his tablet. One day, he found that his tablet was cracked. Mendoza was very sad because he loved his tablet. He went to the store and new tablets were very expensive. Mendoza paid for a new tablet and now Mendoza is very happy.
Our daughter went to buy a bike for her 2-year old daughter. The cost of the bike was $60. It cost $50 if ordered online for pickup. She went online and ordered the bike while in the store. She was able to pick up the bike for only $50.
My coworker Wendy's husband loved motorcycles. One day his cycle slipped under a car. He was severely injured and was in intensive care for awhile. Luckily he recovered fully. Wendy threatened divorce unless he got rid of the motorcycle.
Tom was a jovial class clown. He was always trying to make people laugh. He researched on the internet for party tricks. He learned how to make unique shapes with his tongue. He performed those new tricks at parties and received applause.
Tina attended a wine tasting. All of the wines were fabulous. She couldn't help herself. So she bought every bottle. The saleswoman was pretty happy.
Crystal was a very fast runner. She made the track team easily. Their first meet was coming up quickly. The day before, she sprained her ankle and couldn't run. She went anyway to cheer on her teammates as they raced.
I came home today from work to a big mess. The kids had been home all day. It looked like all of their toys were on the floor. I could not believe the mess. I made them quickly clean it up.
Dan's narcissist girlfriend only cared about what he had to offer her. She wasn't in love with him like she said, but wasn't unfaithful. She could be mean, though, and would tear him down at times. Dan's friends tried to tell him that she as taking advantage of him. He said he knew, and he loved her and didn't want her to leave.
Jake bought a new power tool. It didn't work the way he hoped it would. Jake tried to take it back to the store. Unfortunately he lost his receipt. They refused to return it for him.
Kara and Tina were twins who were bored with school. They decided they wanted to play a prank. They went in to school and switched places. A classmate noticed and told a teacher. Kara and Tina were scolded by the principal for what they had done.
Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight. Lynn's mom was Irate. The girls all stood quiet as she yelled. Lynn's dad drove her friends home. Lynn was grounded for a month.
The kids were fighting in the car. Their mom gave them candy to keep them quiet. They ate handfuls of the sweet treats. Then they had a stomach ache. Their mom regretted her decision.
Tom was surfing Facebook. He noticed his friends were all out without him. He was hurt that he wasn't invited. Tom then checked his phone. He had missed the invitation text.
Stella was very particular about her tea. She always had it at the same time every day. And she always brewed it to perfection. One day she ordered tea and was brought iced tea. She demanded to be allowed in the kitchen to brew for herself.
Rupert bought 100 shares of a small stock. The stock tripled in price in just three weeks. Rupert sold the stock. In the next three weeks the stock tripled again. Rupert felt remorse that he had sold the stock.
Jason forgot his e-mail password. He was very upset. He clicked the link that would reset his password. He was asked several security questions. Finally, he received a new password and was able to log in.
George wanted a new notebook for his writing class. He went to several department stores in search of one. He wanted a red and blue notebook. His small budget for the notebook made the job of finding one harder. He ended up picking a purple and pink notebook at a Target store.
Shana had two best friends. However, her friends did not like each other very much. One day, her friends began a huge argument with each other. Shana settled the argument between her friends. Now, all three people are good friends.
Lindsey took a quick nap. She woke up and it was dark outside. She wondered how long she had been sleeping. Her mom told her she had slept all night and all next day too. Lindsey realized she was very sleep deprived.
Jeremy has an interview in a couple of minutes. He has been practicing a lot. He is very confident about it. He goes to the interview. He still doesn't get the job.
Steven was excited to start his first day of high school. But he couldn't afford the money for a haircut. He was afraid that his new classmates would mock his long hair. Steven was sad and dejected on his first morning. But then his new classmates all complimented his stylish long hair!
Yesterday was Matthew's birthday. He always goes out for a special birthday dinner. This year he chose the Choo Choo Dinner for his meal. He checked the website and learned the Choo Choo diner closes at 3pm. He decided to go to the All Aboard Diner for dinner instead.
Sarah was listening to her children play. Suddenly she heard a huge crashing sound. She went to investigate and saw all of the toys dumped out. Furious, she demanded that her son pick up the toys. Together they cleaned everything back like new.
Travis was supposed to go cycling, but it just started raining. Dejected, he sat down on the couch. Then he spotted a book he read a decade ago. He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day. By the time night came, he was glad that it rained.
Dave was gardening outside one day. As he was digging, he found an old medal in the dirt. Dave discovered that this was a medal from World War Two. He tracked down the family that had lived there before him. They were very happy when he gave them the medal back.
Mary was eleven years old when her parents told her they were moving. Mary had never moved before and was very sad to leave her friends. She cried the entire car ride to their new home. When they arrived, a friendly girl ran up and introduced herself. Mary still missed her old friends, but was happy to meet a new one.
Tracy was wearing a brand new pair of earrings. She happily showed them off on her morning walk. When Tracy returned home, she realized one was missing. She spent the rest of the afternoon retracing her steps. It wasn't until much later until she found the missing earring.
Katy started singing along to the radio. Her dad silenced her siblings and listened to her. Katy didn't notice the evil glint in his eyes. When they got home, the five year old realized her mistake. Katy's dad made her spend all day every day practicing singing.
Tom was tired from work. He decided to watch a movie. He liked what he was seeing. Unfortunately he passed out in the middle of it. Tom had to watch it again the next day.
Gina was listening to her new favorite song. She had the song on a CD. She put the song to repeat. The song played over and over again for hours. After 2 weeks she was tired of the song.
Tony was at a toys store. He saw a baseball that he wanted. He put it in his pocket. A security guard noticed it. But he felt bad and nicely asked Tony to put the baseball back.
When I was a child grandpa took me to the park. Then he would take me in the tavern. I saw the paintings in the tavern, and had some snacks. Grandpa told me to not tell grandma we were there. I didn't tell grandma.
Eric dropped his phone. The phone broke into 5 pieces. Eric decides he needs a new phone. He goes to the cell phone store. Eric buys a new phone.
Gina and her friends were cleaning up their picnic. Her sister spilled soda. She should have cleaned it up. She only picked up the cup. Gina went inside, assuming the mess was taken care of.
The man lay on the couch in the shrink's office and spilled his tale. He said he'd killed women all up and down the coast. He wasn't feeling remorse, he said. The therapist started becoming a mite bit nervous. The man turned to look at her and smiled.
My eyesight has been getting pretty bad lately. I know this because I saw a white cat outside in my yard. I've always liked cats, so I went outside to pet him. As I bent down he didn't move, so I thought he was really friendly. No, it was just a wadded up plastic bag.
Jason is going to take a trip to France. He decides to learn some French. Jason downloads a French language tutorial program to his phone. He uses the tutorial every day to learn French. When he arrives in France Jason is able to speak some French.
Eli and his brother were playing video games. They were competing against each other. Eli was winning and his brother was angry. His brother took the controller and threw it at Eli's face. The controller hit Eli's nose and he has blood pouring everywhere.
A new team was put together. They didn't know how to communicate. They practiced that. They learned to talk. They won lots of games.
Michaela was studying in the library. Suddenly the fire alarm was set off. She shuffled out of the building with everyone else. Soon they realized that it was just a false alarm. Michaela rushed back inside to resume studying as fast as possible.
There once was a man named Jeff. Jeff was a fighter pilot. He was very good at his job and killed many enemies. He was shot down over enemy territory but survived. He returned home and started a family.
Josh wanted to become an inventor. He didn't have the required skills. He decided to get a degree in textiles engineering. Josh graduated and worked hard to create an invention. He eventually invented a new stretch-resistant fabric.
Leon decided to go to a restaurant with a drive-thru for lunch. He ordered two bacon cheeseburgers and a large shake. When he got his order, he realized he'd only gotten one burger. He had to go inside the restaurant and complain. They gave him his second burger for free.
Kim and Keith were on a date. They went ice skating at a local rink. They held hands and made laps. They stopped and kissed in the center. Ice skating was a romantic, fun date!
I entered the airport for the first time. The flight attendant greeted us and directed us to our seats. I got seated and placed my seatbelt on. She pilot eventually took off. Although I felt nauseous, I tried to stay focused.
Greg was going for a nice walk in the mountains. He was enjoying nature and all its glory. He decided to take a hidden trail down the side of the main one. He started to slowly look around and head back to the main trail. Through the bushes Greg Spotted a mountain lion and ran back to safety.
Harold was walking to after school tutoring when his bully appeared. The other boy was always picking on Harold. Harold tried to ignore him but the other child taunted him endlessly. Finally Harold had had enough and snapped. He pushed the other boy down before kicking him in the stomach.
Dan noticed the buds were starting on the trees. He got out his clippers and trimmed the branches. Dan didn't want to hurt the trees by trimming too late. He got to all the trees that needed it before they bloomed. Dan tied pink ribbons on the trimmed branches to honor the tree gods.
Jeff was a pilot. Jeff wanted to buy a new airplane. He looked around for a good deal. He found a plan he liked and made an offer. Jeff was able to buy the plan.
Linda was in the hospital. As a friend, Tina brought her coffee. She ran to pick it up. Linda was grateful. Tina was happy she liked it.
Byron showed up at a room at 4 for his final exam. The room was empty. Byron double-checked his class schedule. The exam was scheduled to end at 4, and start at 1. Byron wrote a rueful email, begging mercy from the teacher.
There were a few fruit flies in my kitchen. I ignored them, thinking them neutral visitors. Soon there were large numbers of them. I ended up having to sanitize the whole kitchen to be rid of them. Now I never treat a few straggling insects with any regard.
Tina picked several people to join her basketball team. Hannah was deciding whether to pick me or Jill. She said that I wasn't tall enough to join her team. Therefore, she picked Jill. Since both teams had enough people, I had to leave.
As a kid, I took up gymnastics. I loved doing the balance beam the most. One day, I flipped off the balance beam and landed on my ankle. I went to the doctor and he told me I broke my ankle. I was so sad because I had to quit gymnastics.
Sandra was playing in the grass. A bug crawled onto her. The bug bit Sandra. Later Sandra had a large itchy whelp. Her mother rubbed an ointment on the bite.
Cathy recently adding chickens to her outdoor farm. Cathy decided to get chickens because she wanted fresh eggs. After about two weeks of waiting, Cathy finally got eggs. After getting the eggs, Cathy decided she would make a egg sandwich. Cathy felt that the fresh eggs made her sandwich delicious.
Liz wanted to go see her favorite band play Friday Night. She went online to buy tickets. Liz found some great seats for her and her friends. They all headed to the show together. Liz had an awesome time!
Renee needed new dishes. She found some beautiful plates at Target. SHe bought ten of them. By the time she got home, they were all broken! Renee couldn't believe how poorly they'd been made.
Zoey was a talented, hardworking actress. She had never won an award, though. In her next movie, she poured her heart and soul into her role. At a following awards ceremony, she was announced as a winner! She gave a tearful, thankful acceptance speech.
Fred was obsessed with viking culture. He devoured every book he could find about it. Fred saved every penny he didn't need for bills. He eventually could afford to take a trip to Iceland. Fred thought it was everything he'd dreamed it would be.
Kate was at a beach sketching the landscape. But it was a really windy day. When her sketch was finished, she walked back to her car. But the wind blew the paper she was holding right out of her hand. Someone the beach found the sketch and was amazed.
He suggested a downtown restaurant. We set a date and time. When the day arrived, he called me. I didn't answer the phone. I stood him up on the date.
Julie is tired of her long walk to work. One of her friends recommends she buy a bike. She researches different bikes before making a decision. Finally she finds the perfect bike. Julie loves riding her new bike to work.
James had been at the same jobs for twenty years. One day he received the opportunity of a lifetime. He decided to quit his job. James accepted a new position. He was excited about his new job.
Jane's arms started to feel tired. She had been driving for a few hours now in the rental car. The steering wheel strongly kept pulling to the right. Jane pulled over to the side of the road. She called the rental agency to look for a car replacement.
Luke's dad took him ice fishing one day. Luke was curious, since he had never been. He saw the hole drilled right through the ice. He was eager to fish at that fascinating spot! But Luke did not manage to catch any fish that day.
Tom had a new phone. He got extra insurance on it. One day he had it on him when it rained. He tried to get it replaced via his insurance. Unfortunately it didn't cover water damage.
Tom was cooking a big meal in his kitchen at home. Suddenly the power went out. Tom fumbled through the dark to the fuse box. Tom flipped all the fuses, to no avail. Tom wound up ordering a delivery pizza.
Amber always thought she was the best tennis player on her team. One day, a new girl joined the team. Amber agreed to playing against her to test her skill level. The new girl gave Amber a run for her money and won. Amber was disappointed that she lost to a new comer.
My wife went to Dunkin Donuts this Saturday morning. It usually takes only a few minutes to get served. She saw a long line out to the door. A yoga class had just let out. It took twice the time to get our orders.
My daughter and I made up a dance. We picked one of our favorite songs. We practiced for two nights. We finally got it perfected. We performed for the whole family.
Amanda was on the high school basketball team. She had been trying really hard to become a better player. She was in the final seconds on a game against a rival school. She had one shot to get the ball and make the shot. Amanda gets the ball puts up the shot and it goes in!
Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions. He thought he'd gotten away with it, too. He learned he was very sadly mistaken. A host of ninjas jumped out of the darkness and attacked him. Suddenly, the director yelled at everyone to take five.
Gina was in the room in her house. The door knob had been loose for a long time. Today the knob fell off when she tried to open it. She tried to put it back on the handle. The handle fell off and to the floor on the other side of the door.
Bryan was walking down the street after school one day. He saw a backpack on the ground. Inside the backpack was a wallet with a hundred dollars. The wallet belonged to his neighbor. Bryan decided to keep the money instead of returning the wallet.
Abbey was really messy when she ate. For that reason her parents gave her a special shirt. This way when she ate pasta she wouldn't ruin her clothes. They tried it out with spaghetti that night. Luckily, the shirt worked great and it was a huge hit from then on.
Allie loved babysitting and playing with children. But her mom worried that those weren't job skills. Then Allie had a great job idea. She told her mom she wanted to teach preschool. Now Allie gets paid to play with children every day!
Tom was walking home. He saw a car accident nearby. One person seemed hurt. Tom rushed to help. He helped the hurt individual while others called 911.
Matt was really broke. He was struggling to pay his rent on time. Matt went to his local government assistance office. He applied for food stamps. Matt was able to afford to pay his rent with governmental assistance.
My friend's 68th birthday was coming up. I ordered a mug made for her. It had a photo of her in a bathing suit, 40 years ago. She loved the mug, and thanked me. I was pleased she was happy, as she is a sad widow.
Jamal's mother was a drug addict. Hew was born addicted to drugs himself. The doctors kept him in the hospital for months. Slowly they weaned him off the drugs. Soon Jamal was healthy and ready to go to his new home!
Ana had always been morally opposed to hunting for sport. But her poor family lived in the hills, and her dad often hunted food! One day he took her out with him to shoot a goose for dinner. They took their goose home and Ana watched her mom prepare it. As they ate the roast goose, Ana decided that hunting for food was OK.
Steve had just started his summer vacation. He wanted to take scuba diving classes at the beach. When Steve went into the water, he got scared. He quickly climbed back into the boat. Steve ended up staying out of the water the rest of the summer.
I needed to simulate a data set. I decided to use a Monte Carlo simulation algorithm. Alas, the data set was not normalized so my algorithm failed. I decided to try a bootstrap simulation instead. The bootstrap simulation worked great!
Luke fixed a ham sandwich. He started eating it when the doorbell rang. He laid it on the table and answered the door. He was gone a few seconds and when he came back it was gone. He looked around to see his dog finishing his sandwich.
Amy finally got her acceptance letter for college. She had worked all her life and it paid off, she was going to Yale. She knew it was expensive but her parents had been saving since birth. She told them the good news and they looked like they saw a ghost. They told her they had spent all of her money on their new condo.
The bird sat in it's cage every day. Every day, it looked out, wishing it could be free. One day, its owner didn't latch the door quite right when closing it. The bird realized this was his only chance to escape. He nudged his way through the door and flew to freedom.
Cora went with her friends to a casino. Cora forgot her identification at the hotel. Cora could not enter the casino. Cora's friends did not want to wait for her. Cora went back to the hotel alone.
A man wanted to compete on a TV game show. He took an online qualification test. A few weeks later, he was notified that he had passed. He flew out to Los Angeles. The game went well for him.
Tom was helping his brother tear down a shed. They threw all the discarded wood into a pile. Tom and his brother wanted to move the pile into the back of his yard. They loaded all the wood onto a trailer. Tom and his brother towed the wood in the trailer.
He told her to go get a knife. He said to reassure the kid and tell him all was well. She told the kid goodnight, and goodbye just in case. She returned to him with the knife. He used it to cut his own arm instead of her.
I got lost on a bus once when I was studying abroad. I was getting on a different bus than usual to go to the mall. After about 20 minutes, I realized we were far from where I was going. I stayed on the bus for another hour until I recognized something. After a few hours, I finally found my way home.
Near our house growing up there was a huge steep hill. My sister and I loved riding our bikes and scooters down it. One day as we were playing, my sister fell and cut up her feet. I panicked and ran to tell my mom who came to help. She was all bandaged up and to this day you can still see faint scars.
My son loves bedtime stories. My mother bought my son 20 books. My son wanted all 20 books read to him. I diligently read all 20 books to my child. My son enjoyed his new stories being read to him.
Greg was an alcoholic. He would drink and get drunk all day, everyday. This caused many problems with his friends and family. He ended up having to go to rehab. He is now sober.
Frank was a good teacher. But a student was really getting on his nerves. The student kept talking well Frank was teaching his lesson. Frank finally had enough and kicked the student out. Frank continued to teach.
She tried to open the closet door. The door seemed to stick in her hand. She struggled with it for a while. Suddenly, the knob locked. She had to remove it completely.
Linda wanted to move out her mom's house. Linda wanted to move because she had a boyfriend. When her mother left, Linda's boyfriend came inside. The other day, Linda's mom left for work and Linda's man came in. Linda's mom doubled back and found Linda kissing her boyfriend.
There was this kid that lived a few houses down street. Her name was Jackie. She was always getting into trouble. One time she broke my neighbor's glass sliding doors on purpose. She lied about breaking it but her reputation preceded her.
Chris moved into a new apartment with one of his friends. He was used to living alone. Chris's new roommate was very loud. Chris asked him if he could be more considerate. Chris wishes he still lived alone.
I went on space mountain for the first time. It was terrifying. When I sat down I regretted it. The ride went on for a long time. I never wanted to do it again.
Sam wanted to become an actor. He went to acting school. He graduated but couldn't find a job. Sam met his future wife in the unemployment line. Sam ended up being happy without being an actor.
Last week I hit on a girl I had a crush on. She turned me down because she was a lesbian. A few days later I saw her kissing a boy. I went to confront her. She said I should be glad I wasn't dating a liar.
Emily loved her stuffed animal, Tinky. When Emily was at school one day, her mom put Tinky in the washer. Emily got home and Tinky was nowhere to be found. She started wailing for her stuffed toy, thinking it had been lost. Emily's mom shushed her and showed her that Tinky was in the washer.
The cat wandered into the room. There was something weird. There was a towel on the window. The cat hopped up on the window. The cat liked the towel.
Karyn decided she wanted to try one of her dad's cigarettes. She took one of his packs and flipped it into her mouth like her dad. Unfortunately, there was only loose tobacco left in the pack. She gagged on the tobacco and spit it out. Karyn never touched a cigarette again.
She ran outside without her shoes. She was excited to catch the ice cream man. She ordered her ice cream and ran home. She ran into the house. Her mother yelled because her feet were dirty.
Jane loved to go horseback riding. One day, she was riding her horse on the trail. Suddenly, the horse bucked, causing Jane to fall. Jane injured her back and her leg. After she recovered, Jane got right back to riding.
Kate had scratched the top of a wooden table. She dreaded telling her mom. Her mother was very upset. Until she realized it was a spare table from the garage. Kate was relieved to find out she would not get in trouble.
Paula was hired as a consultant. She was given a simple task to get her started. Paula gave excuses every day why she hadn't finished the task. Eventually her contract expired with the work undone. Paula left richer and without a single line of code written.
She wanted to showcase her cooking skills. So she decided to cook pasta. She bought all the right ingredients. She cooked everything just right. Somehow the pasta tasted awful!
Jake was waiting for a call all day. Finally the phone rang. It turned out to be a wrong number. Jake was disappointed but kept waiting for the call. Eventually Jake got the call he was waiting for.
My dog Trixie is now 6 years old. When she was a young puppy, we had to take her to training. She was full of energy and very destructive. Trixi was able to complete both the puppy and advanced class. She is now the perfect therapy dog.
Juanita dreams of becoming a reporter. She starts writing independently. Finally she submits an application for a job as a reporter. She gets the job. Juanita's dream has come true!
Katie wanted to cook an apple pie. She went to the local market to get all the supplies. She returned home and got to work. Katie spent the next few hours making her pie. Her family loved the homemade apple pie!
My friend is a used bookseller. In 2004, i helped him pick up books he bought from a library. The person in charge sternly told me there was no cherry picking. I cherry picked behind her back. My friend made $100 from the sale.
Frank played on his skateboard at the park. He tried to do a trick but failed. An old man watching him laughed at his failure. Frank went over to the old man to yell at his rude laugh. The old man got scared and ran away.
Red is my favorite color. I wore my favorite red shirt. I was eating spaghetti. I got sauce on my shirt. My mom could barely see it.
I needed some vegetables for a soup recipe that I was making. I drove to the store and then walked into the produce section. While looking at the produce, I noticed that none of it was fresh. I decided to leave and check another store's produce section. After shopping at another store, I found good produce and went home.
Todd wanted to do things only in a natural manner. He cut off all of his electronic devices and threw out many things. He started trying to live naturally. He found that at every turn he encountered unnatural modernity. Todd gave up his goal and embraced the modern era.
Sue had never gotten in trouble. One day she was talking in class and her teacher noticed. Sue was given a warning. She kept talking. Sue finally got her first detention ever.
David loved to play xbox. One weekend, his girlfriend was going to stay with him. However, David really wanted to play his video games. David offered to teach his girlfriend how to play video games. Now, David and his girlfriend love playing games together.
It was Christmas Eve and Miranda wanted to put up the Christmas tree. It was simply that time of year again. She got all her items together. Then unfortunately an ornament broke. Miranda was devastated.
Jessica gave her phone to her friend while on the bus. At her friends stop she got off the bus with Jessica's phone. Jessica started freaking out about it. Soon after her friend called Jessica's parents about it. Jessica got her phone back later that day.
My brothers and I were raised by a single father. My Dad was not a very good cook so we had a lot of frozen food. One day I came home from school to find my brother eating a pizza. The pizza did not look good and I asked him if he cooked it right. He told me he cooked in the microwave and I began to gag.
I went to the beach to go swimming. I found a spot on the beach and laid down my towel. I dove into the water which was very cold. I swam for awhile then went back to warm up. I had a fun time at the beach.
Robert sat down to do some work on the computer. The cat noticed he was typing and decided to interfere. The cat nudged his hands with her head for pets. Robert ignored the silly cat head because he was busy. The cat bit him hard on the knuckles for attention.
I always wanted to have a pet. Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store. She let me get a hamster. I like my hamster because his fur is dark brown. I love my new pet!
Pia was riding to school. Suddenly she rode over a rock she did not see. She fell off her bike and landed hard! Her knees were both scraped badly. Pia had to go home for treatment instead of to school.
My wife's FB posted a memory from last year. Her then one-year old granddaughter was looking at a photo of my wife. She started calling her "Nanny". Her father took a video and posted it. My wife was very touched.
One Saturday night my wife went down to get the mail. She saw our neighbor Charlotte in the lobby. Charlotte lives in the same building. Charlotte had locked herself out and was waiting for a locksmith. We invited her into our apartment to wait.
Nancy is in her forties and decided to go get her college degree. Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her. She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead. They were all e-mail notes by the teacher instead of writing them. Nancy was surprised by how much things have change in schools.
John liked his grandfather's lucky ring. John dreamed of wearing that ring. John's grandfather passed away one day. His grandfather's possessions would be passed on to the grandchildren. John now possesses his grandfather's ring.
Todd was a valued member of his team at work. So when everything went wrong in his life, he expected some support. He was surprised to realize that in times of need no one was there. He thought of quitting but then thought better of it. He bought every single employee a gift as a thank you anyway.
Last night, Kelly's boyfriend Fred broke up with her. Kelly was devastated. She immediately started crying. The next night however, another person asked her out. Kelly then felt better.
Some kids were outside of the school. They were waiting for their parents to pick them up. Suddenly, a hail storm began. All of the kids ran for cover. Finally, the parents showed up and the kids were out of the hail.
Derek was a big fan of card games. He went to tournaments to win money. In this particular one, there were great players everywhere. He tried his best shot. He lost in the 5th round out of 30.
I went to see my daughter's play at school. They did a rendition of West Side Story. The dance routines were really good. The kids worked really hard on them. I was so proud of all of them.
Tom need a haircut to maintain his great appearance. Tom disliked preparing his hair in the mornings before school. Tom loved hiking in nature after school. Tom decided to get a military crew cut. Tom was happy to not have to bother with his hair.
Ellie was in the eighth grade. All eighth graders got to be aides for the teachers. Ellie waited too long to sign up and there were very few spots left. Luckily, one of her favorite teachers had a spot open. Ellie signed up and got the spot.
Jill lost her wedding ring. She looked around her house for it. Eventually she decided to check the sink. She found it down the drain. It had fallen off when she was doing the dishes.
Gina had searched her room and hadn't found her library book. She realized it may have been in her old bedroom. She searched the room thoroughly. The book wasn't there either. Gina was beginning to think the book wasn't in the house.
Sue was nervous about getting a physical for school. Her parents brought her to the old family doctor for the physical. The old man checked Sue's blood pressure. Sue squirmed when she saw him lift his stethoscope. Sue was relieved when he listened right through her shirt.
Jodie was expecting a baby anyday. She was wary of hospitals and wanted to try a homebirth. Her husband on the other hand was completely against it. She debated him for weeks before he'd ever consider it. Finally, he allowed her to try a homebirth and it went fantastically.
Tabby was one of my best friends. She was killed in a car accident after a small concert. We were going to her mom's house afterward. She swerved in front of a semi truck. It ran over her side of the vehicle.
Robert anderson called my phone and said i had won the sweepstakes. I was ecstatic very happy and coud not believe it. My happiness shortly faded away. It faded away when he asked me to send money to him. I shouldn't have to pay money to receive a prize!
I had a golden retriever when I was younger. I named it Toby and it was one of my closest friends. I walked it every night. In the end Toby slowed down and couldn't walk as much. I still dream about him sometimes.
Last week, Kevin had a blessing in disguise. His car broke down on the side of the road. A man pulled over to try to help him. He ended up getting towed. In the end, he was on time to work and the man brought him a donut.
Millie always dyed her hair brown. One day, she decided to let her white hair show. She went to visit her grandson, who started crying. He begged her to dye her hair back. Millie went home that day and dyed her hair brown again.
As soon as I got home, I wanted to play my new video game. When I got inside my room, I noticed my video game was gone. I looked everywhere almost to find it. I've went outside to think where it could be. Then, I noticed my dog is chewing my video game outside.
Aspen was about to redecorate her bedroom. She wanted to pick a design that she would like for a long time. She was strongly considering red blankets. Then, her mom reminded her that she had clashing carpets. Aspen decided on a different color instead.
A band was playing bluegrass music at brunch yesterday. The band was very good. I assumed the banjo player was an American. It turned out she was from New Zealand. I told myself to not make hasty conclusions.
The cop pulled me over. I knew I was speeding. I did not argue when the cop asked me about my speed. He went back to his car with me license. He gave me a ticket for speeding.
Lola loved to have people over. Having a small apartment made that hard. She wanted a house. She saved for a long time. Finally, she bought a beautiful home!
Marry only had a wicker couch to sit on in her living room. It was very uncomfortable. She went to the store to find a cushion. She bought the thickest one she could find. Her couch is now very comfy.
Tom wanted to treat his wife to something special. Tom bought tickets to a Broadway show. Tom also paid for hotel accommodations in New York City. When he told his wife they were going she nearly fainted. They both had a blast in the Big Apple.
I had never experienced the death of anyone before. I traveled to Maryland to attend the funeral. Lots of people were there. I hugged his mother and best friend. I went back home crying broken heartedly.
Suzanne had a Halloween party. She asked all of her guests to come in costume. She said that a prize would be given for the best costume. A boy named Dave came dressed as a girl. His costume was so convincing he won first prize in the contest.
Sarah has been dating her boyfriend for two month. Sarah believes she is in love. Sarah thinks this is the boy she will marry. Sarah gets a phone call from her boyfriend. Her boyfriend tells her it's over and he found someone else.
I decided to go to the grocery store in the new town I just moved too. I didn't know my way around very well, yet. I took a couple of wrong turns on the way to the store. It took me more than 15 minutes to get to where I was trying to go! I vowed to learn my way around the city better.
Andrew began to write a book. He wrote for months and finally finished it. Andrew sent it too many publishers. One publisher got his book. His book became a New York best seller.
After therapy, we had to go to the store. We went straight to the electronics section first. We picked out a couple of games. We then bought some groceries. When we got home, we started playing the games.
Lacy was in art class. She was supposed to draw a shoe. Her art teacher saw her drawing. He said it was the best in the class. He gave her bonus points.
Dave was playing flag football. He wanted to win. So he played aggressively. He attacked a girl. So he got kicked out of the game.
Robbie had gotten a new sled for Christmas. But in mid-March there still hadn't been any snow! Finally as spring approached they got a snow storm. It was the perfect type of snow for sledding. He was overjoyed to finally get to use it!
Candy had an assignment due at the end of the week. She had planned to go to the movies on Thursday night. Her assignment wasn't done Thursday. She had to skip the movies. Candy worked on the assignment Thursday night.
Allie found out some news. She found she was pregnant. Allie was so thrilled. Her sister was pregnant as well. So they were pregnant together.
Ashley had trouble focusing on tasks at work. Her boss noticed her problem and asked her if she had seen a doctor. Ashley admitted she hadn't and decided to make an appointment. At her appointment, her doctor suggested the possibility of ADHD. Ashley went home to read up on the diagnosis and decided it fit.
I was riding my bicycle near downhill near my house. As I was confident of my abilities, I rode very fast. A squirrel can in front of me, and I swerved to avoid it. I fell off my bicycle and slammed onto the ground. Fortunately, I was wearing my helmet and was unhurt.
Mathias was born under difficult circumstances, his dad was a legend. He was a revolutionary mechanic who put their hometown on the map. There was a lot of pressure for Mathias to become great like his dad. He became a mechanic but unlike his dad he did this at the age of 17. By 25 he was a legend and went on to surpass even his father.
Charlotte was very opinionated. Every time she thought something, she had to say it out loud. It put her in tricky situation many times. So when she was supposed to have a promotion at work, she changed. She made sure to only say pleasant things to flatter her boss.
Glen gathered worms for fishing. He wanted to get a good batch of worms together. He was hoping to bring his daughter fishing for the first time. Glen couldn't find a single worm. Glen bought some worms from the store instead.
Jane worked hard on the big project at work. She needed, but had no help. She hurried to prepare everything Somehow she managed to finish on time. She was relieved when her boss was impressed by her work.
Tim dared his sister Becky to eat raw broccoli. She did it! Then she dared Tim to eat a live worm! Tim did not quite dare to do it. Becky crowed that she was braver than Tim!
Ken saw a cute girl at the club. He offered to buy her a drink. She turned him down. Ken persisted but she kept turning him down. Eventually he had to move on.
Chad sat down in the car. Joe, Mike and Larry joined him. Mike put on his seat belt. Chad hit a telephone pole. Chad, Joe, and Larry left the car quickly.
Jeff get his paycheck. He cashes it. He heads down to the track. He puts all of his money on a horse. He loses his whole paycheck.
Margaret was in the kitchen. Suddenly, she heard a noise in the bedroom. She walked into her room and saw her toddler. He was trying to sneak her cell phone out. She scolded him and he ran out of the room.
Last week I bought a new keyboard for my iPad. It was backlit and I thought it was perfect. However to my surprise when I got it I never used it. I just started using my virtual keyboard. It ended up being a waste of money.
Amy had stick-straight hair. She wanted wavy hair for her school photo the next day. That night, her mom braided her hair tightly. When Amy combed it out in the morning, it was very wavy! Amy was so happy!
Laura loved corn. So she decided to grow some in her backyard. The whole process of growing them made her very excited. But she realized that they required too much water. So Laura quickly abandoned her corn garden idea.
Lance gave his friend money for beer. He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change. When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer. Lance was about to freak out before he got all his money back. His friend decided to just steal good beer instead.
A cute guy on the beach admired Peg's tan. He asked Peg out on a date. Peg spent the week tanning to prepare for the date. As she dressed for the date, Peg was mortified. Her tanned skin had turned into something like leather.
My son is learning to play the guitar. He has been practicing every night. He is starting to get better and not as embarrassed. He will not play in front of his mom and dad. We love to listen to our son learn the guitar.
Gary loved foraging for wild herbs and mushrooms. One day he found a group of berries that were blue. He took the berries home and showed them to his mother. His mother informed him that the berries were poisonous. Gary felt very lucky he didn't try any of them.
Kevin wrote freelance articles for websites. Kevin wrote about an arcade game he liked. Kevin's article became the definitive source on the game. Kevin became a voice in the arcade community. Kevin was able to start his own journal with his notoriety.
Nan went out with a younger guy. She ended up falling for him. He liked her at first. Then he decided he needed space. He finally talked to her again after 4 days.
Cathy has very long hair. Cathy felt it was time for a drastic change in hair length. Cathy decided she would cut almost 20 inches off of her hair. Cathy felt the new haircut would make her feel younger. Cathy was anxious, yet ready for a new hair cut.
Aya and Jim were working class parents with one smart daughter. Since her early childhood, they'd saved money for her. They put aside change in jars and lived as frugally as they could. When she turned 18, their daughter Mia was given the money: $11,000. It was enough to get her started in college until she got a job!
Laura had always wanted to try baking. A friend recommended she try baking cookies. Laura studied the recipe diligently. Finally she baked the cookies. Laura wash happy to have tried baking.
Tanya came into class with a large headache. The voice of the teacher was irritating to her. She teacher spoke in a loud tone. Eventually, Tanya started to get nauseous. She left the classroom to throw up in the bathroom.
Joan hated to see the numbers on her scale. After a week of dieting, the number hadn't budged. Joan went to the gym and worked out for a month. Still, the number on her scale hadn't budged. Joan got off the scale, and saw the number stayed the same.
It is almost time for school to begin. I get to buy a lot of supplies. I will need many things for my new classes. I love new pencils, pens and notebooks. Now that I have everything, I am ready to start!
After trash was picked up, I saw an extra empty garbage can outside. I asked my next door neighbor if it was hers, but she said no. Then I asked my new neighbor across the street if it was his. He didn't know if they were going to take his garbage can. So he had put it beside mine, and it got picked up all right.
When I was in high school a new fast food restaurant open up. It was called In-N-Out burgers. There was a huge line for the grand opening. When I finally got to order a burger I was disappointed. It looks and taste no different than any other burger.
Kate and her brothers were going to pick berries. Her brother forgot to close the door. The neighbors cat went into the house. Kate tried to catch it before it got in the house. But the cat was too fast for her.
Lars bought his daughter an ice cream cone. She bit into it and the scoop fell off the cone. He sighed and ordered her another. She dropped the ice cream again. Lars took away both empty cones and ate them and they went home.
Sean was living in southern California. One night he heard about a huge wildfire nearby. He went to his yard to see if he could see anything. To his surprise he saw fires raging in the hills around him. He was nervous but luckily it didn't reach him.
Graham turned four months old. His mom wanted to take pictures to remember the age. She dressed him nice and set him on a blanket. Then, she took a bunch of pictures. Finally, she chose her favorite and edited it.
Sam's boyfriend broke up with her. She went into depression since they had an eight year relationship. She tried to choke herself to death. Luckily Sam's brother heard a noise upstairs. He took control of Sam before she killed herself.
Pedro went to feed his dog, Rufus but couldn't find him anywhere. He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents. Nobody had seen Rufus anywhere, so Pedro put up signs looking for him. As he was taping a sign to a telephone pole, he heard a bark. The barking got closer and closer until Pedro saw Rufus!
Lee's parents were overprotective. They finally allowed Lee to go to a concert with her friends. But they warned her to wear ear plugs so as to not damage her hearing. Lee was worried they would find out if she disregarded their advice. Bitter, Lee wore her ear plugs, even though the concert was not loud.
Henry got his boogie board out of the garage. He carried it into the backyard. He put the boogie board on the ground and stepped on it. He practiced using his feet to steer. He pretended to fall in the water and made a huge splash!
Ricky is in gym class. Ricky gets chosen to play for Team 1 in floor hockey. Team 1 decides not to pass Ricky the puck. Ricky feels left out and quits. Ricky's mom is called by the gym teacher.
One day, my friends and I went to an amusement park. One of our friends claimed he could eat anything and not throw up. We decided to test this, and we made him eat 4 funnel cakes. We proceeded to go on the fastest roller coaster we could find. After the ride, our friend threw up three times.
Nancy was walking to her interview. She tried not to get any strains on her outfit. However, she tripped on a crack on the sidewalk. When she got up, she realized that her shirt had a large stain. During the interview, she covered it up with her hands.
I have yet to have a child of my own. I often fantasize about how I would be as a parent, however. I'd like to think that I'd be great at it. Having a much younger sibling helps, I think. But I won't truly know until I start my own family.
I'm going to the beach today. There's been a lot of storms here lately. That kind of weather always brings things up. I should be able to find many interesting shells. I'll put them in a shadow box for my children.
Joe and his brother were craving burgers at midnight. Joe and his brother decided they were going to Jack and a box. They went in Joe's car. They got burgers and fries with drinks. They no longer craved burgers.
Jeff was a scientist and a bowler on the weekend. He wanted to develop a better floor wax for the lanes. One night he created the perfect floor wax. It was so good that you didn't need to wear special shoes. He put a patent on it and made a million dollars.
Last week I broke a bottle. It was an accident in the living room I thought I cleaned it all up. Last night I stepped on glass. It got stuck in my foot.
Tom had fibromyalgia. His nerves were hypersensitive. Tom was always in pain. He tried new medicine to control it a bit. It was effective for the most part.
I had an important meeting. Alas, I forgot about it and missed it. My wife recommended that I write my meeting times in a notepad. I agreed with her and bought a notepad. The notepad worked great about keeping me on my schedule.
Grace and Carl had been married for fifty years. They were married when they were young. Grace was informed by the doctor that she was dying. Carl took care of Grace as she became sicker every day. After Grace died Carl visited her grave every day.
Bill bought a new turntable to play his albums on. He was not sure which album to play first on it. To decide he flipped a coin. The coin was heads so he played a jazz album. Bill listened to the album from start to finish.
Carl needed a coffee mug. But he didn't want to spend much money. He found a portable mug for ten dollars. And the next day, he used it to bring coffee to work. But while at his desk, he noticed coffee leaking onto his papers.
Ray wanted to buy a new computer. But he didn't have any money. So he got a job and started working. But he quit because he didn't enjoy the stress. Afterwards, Ray still continued to think about a new computer.
Kim was hungry after school. She decided to go to a fast food restaurant. She ordered burger and gulped it down. But she began feeling bloated and gross. Kim decided to eat healthy food from then on.
Christopher went outside to explore the trails across from his house. He walked far into the woods. He came upon an abandoned cranberry bog. He realized he was lost since he had never seen this bog before. Christopher used the GSP app on his phone to find his way back home.
Robert had a nose bleed. He held a tissue to his nose. He pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers. He leaned forward and waited. After ten minutes, Robert was happy that the bleeding had stopped.
Johnny had a hard time playing his new piano. He wasn't able to understand sheet music so he got a tutor. Over the course of several lessons, his basic skills got better. To evaluate his improved performance, he decided to play for friends. They gave him positive feedback so he became confident in his skills.
Brett was having trouble seeing out of his eyes. He went to a eye doctor and was told he needed surgery. Brett was afraid that the surgery would make him blind. The doctors told him that it was a safe procedure. Brett got the surgery and his vision improved dramatically!
Julia was waiting to cross the street when she saw an old man. He was trying to cross the traffic on a green light. She ran to him and escorted him back to safety. The old man admitted he was lost. And after asking his address, she took him home.
Tom loved his girlfriend. Tom found out his girlfriend was leaving him for another man. Tom cried furiously. Tom felt ill to his stomach. Tom was sad after his girlfriend ended the relationship.
Alicia loved coupons. She always printed them before she shopped. But one day she brought her book with her when she went to the grocer. By the time she got rung up, she saved one thousand. Alicia could not believe it.
A student attended a school for special needs children. He had a kind heart but was often ruly and unpleasant to be around. One day, another student picked a fight with him over something minor. He lost his temper and punched the other student in the mouth. As a result, he was expelled and sent to therapy.
Lars bought a run-down house with plans to renovate it. He planned to sell the house for a profit after the renovations. After he bought the house, he discovered that the foundation was bad. The foundation repairs wreaked havoc with his renovation budget. Lars ended up losing money when he sold the renovated house.
Fran watched a tennis game on television. He was impressed by the players' technique and power. Fran bought tennis equipment and learned how to play. Fran played a match with one of his friends. And when he won, he imagined himself as one of the player's on TV.
John decided he wanted to stay up to date on current events. He deliberated about which news source was the best. He carefully examined many sources. He found many he liked and disliked. John soon found reddit and preferred this site to any other.
Tanice had an inflated sense of self worth. She was always bragging to everyone how wonderful her life was. One day though her friends approached her and had an intervention. They explained that she was arrogant and mean at times. Tanice changed her ways and her friends were proud of her.
Mary was going to the county fair. Mary saw a very cute young man Named Skip. They both made contact with one another. Mary went over and introduced herself to skip. Skip and Mary became a couple and long remember that night.
Tom was pulling money out of his wallet. He accidentally tore a twenty dollar bill in half. Tom was scared it would be worthless. A friend told him banks would exchange it for him. Tom went and had it exchanged with no real problems.
I took my book bag from the desk and headed to school. I walked inside my classes and sat down. When the teacher asked for the homework, I searched by book bag. I couldn't find it although I placed it there last night. Later that day, my mom told me that she moved it.
Several people were walking around the mall. A 12 year old kid was walking around with a butcher knife. Several people noticed and decided to run away. In addition, the security guards noticed the kid. They confiscated the knife and arrested him.
The plants were wilting from lack of water. So Dad watered them. However he watered them every day. Soon they were drowning in water. And they all died.
Peter loved fairy tales. He wished he could be part of one. One day he got his wish. He met a beautiful woman. She made him as happy as could be.
Mike thought he was the smartest person in his class. He always bragged about getting the best test scores. One day a new student came to the class. That student beat Mike on every test for the rest of the year. Mike was no longer the smartest person in his class.
Andy went to school to be a lawyer. He got his first job in his uncle's firm right after college. Andy was only a lawyer for a few Years before he quit. He decided that defending criminals was not his idea of fun. Now Andy owns an ice cream shop in a small town and is very happy.
Little Poe worried about his mother. She seemed tired all the time and didn't seem to want to do much. One day, Poe's mom was taken to the hospital. When she came back, Poe was in for a surprise! His mom brought a new baby sister home!
Morgan worked very hard in school. She graduated high school and attended her dream school. Whole she was there, her aspirations grew to a double major. But, she had to meet certain requirements to achieve this goal. After much hard work and perseverance, she got accepted.
I went and got a bottle yesterday. It was of aloe gel. I had a burn and needed to cool it. The burn was bad. I ended up using half the bottle.
Marvin had his girlfriend Elizabeth's name tattooed across his chest. Elizabeth broke up with Marvin about a week later. Marvin recovered and soon began dating another girl. The new girl lost interest in Marvin after she saw the tattoo. Marvin promptly got a dragon tattoo that covered up Elizabeth's name.
Omar's dad six years ago just before Father's Day. Before he died, they would go to a ball game each year. Because his dad did die, he stopped going to any sporting event. Omar bought tickets to a baseball game and begged him to go. During the entire game, Omar felt depressed and sad.
Charles saw something stuck to his porch. It was a big, fat snail! He plucked it off and put it in a jar. He knew his kids would like to play with it. The snail was interesting to watch.
Sandy never thought that the day would come. There she was at the altar but her groom was nowhere to be found. Beads of sweat ran down her face and heart beat fast. Out of the corner of her eyes she caught him. There he came and everything was going to be alright.
Tom went to the dentist. The dentist said he had a cavity. It had to be filled. Tom didn't like it but it was necessary. The procedure went well and Tom went home within the hour.
Kam wanted to meet up with her online friend. They arranged a date at a local park. Several days later, Kam arrived to the park. A strange man was walking close to her. He confessed about hiding his physical identity.
I came home to find an empty cookie jar. Crumbs scattered over the counter. I followed a trail to upstairs. I found my son eating the cookies! I took away his Xbox.
Lou decided to make money walking dogs after school. He had three families signed up at $5 a day. When neighbors noticed him out walking the dogs he got more business. Before long he was up to ten dogs a day. He finally had to start turning business away.
I wrote a short play about a musician. I wanted to improve it so it could be performed. I decided to attend a playwright's conference. The talks there were highly theoretical and very interesting. I can't help thinking that more practical advice would have helped me.
Sammy was at Seaworld with his parents. They were watching the stingrays in a big tank. The worker was encouraging everyone to touch their backs. Sammy was a bit frightened. Finally, he faced his fears and touched the ray's back.
Amy was no longer friends with Erin and Sara. She even switched seats to be far away from them. Her new table mate Judy knew Erin and Sara from elementary. They were mean girls and no one liked them. Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long.
Janet always wanted to go on a cruise. She wanted to see icebergs and play on a big boat. She saved up all her money and finally went alone. The boat had a hull malfunction and sank. She survived but is now afraid of water.
Ginger was in her bathroom washing her hands. Suddenly, she smelled smoke. She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle. She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out. Luckily, the fire wasn't too bad.
When I was a teenager my parents asked me to say grace at Christmas. Being a teenager and full of rebellion, I refused. My grandmother began crying at the table. I was sent to my room and my presents were donated to a shelter. Despite the punishment, I was proud of my rebellion.
Margie wanted to do something nice for her brother. He was always too busy to have any fun. Margie thought about baking him a cake. She didn't have time to bake one. Margie got one at the store.
Josh and Emily had been dating for six years. On their sixth anniversary Josh bought her a wedding ring. He knelled down on one knee and popped the question. Emily told him no and that she had been seeing someone else. Heartbroken Josh didn't leave his apartment for weeks.
Joe visits his family in Los Angeles every summer. While there, he visits the Hollywood Walk of Fame. He also goes to Disneyland for a good time. Before he leaves Los Angeles, Joe always buys souvenirs. He returns home to tell his friends of the vacation.
Tim hated his home life. He decided to run away. He saved up money and packed secretly. He left his house and never went back. Tim never spoke to his parents again.
John was looking for something to wear. He could not find anything. He checked his laundry basket. It was full of dirty clothes. John did the laundry.
Jessie was on a diet. She really loved to eat ice cream. Jessie knew she had to cut ice cream out of her diet. Jessie only allowed herself to eat ice cream on occasions. She began to lose weight.
Tess met with a group of friends on Saturday night. As they didn't have a plan they ended up at Jimmy's house. There they watch TV while munching chips. At the end of the night, Tess was very bored. She decided to leave her friends and go clubbing instead.
Rita fell out of the tree. She broke her arm in two places. The doctor put her arm in a cast. It is purple and looks really neat. I hope she will let me sign it.
I was in the war in Iraq. I was performing my daily patrol. Suddenly, I walked onto an IED. Thankfully, I lived. But, I lost my legs.
Tilly was visiting a farm. She asked to milk the cow. The farmer showed her how to do it. Soon Tilly was milking like a pro. She even got to drink the fruits of her labor!
Katrina asked her mother if they could buy a kitten. After weeks of convincing, Katrina's mother finally said yes. The family went to the local animal shelter. That's where Katrina adopted Mister Whiskers. Katrina and Mister Whiskers are now best friends.
Bob's company had a retreat they called The Forest. Bob took his family there for spring vacation. They stayed in a log cabin looking out over a lake. They fished, took walks and even played golf. They all agreed that they would like to return the next year.
Ana sent Ava to the store to get some milk and eggs. She was usually a reliable child and did as she was told. Ava deviated from her normally conforming behavior this day. Because of the extreme heat she ignored the groceries her mom wanted. She bought some delicious cold and orange Popsicles instead.
Today we went to buy a christmas tree. At the christmas tree farm we were looking for a good looking one. We finally found one that was not too tall and not too expensive. At home we put up the tree and decorated it. We all enjoy looking at our sparkling christmas tree.
Jennifer was married to a Chicago Cop. Everyday her husband went to work she would worry for him. Everyday when he got home she was very thankful. She knew that he was out there doing to right thing. The more she thought about it the more she was proud of her spouse.
They opened a new ice cream shop down the street. The kids were so excited to try them out. We visited on Saturday. The make all their own ice cream. They were delicious.
Irene wanted to buy her friend Sharon a nice gift for her birthday. So, she asked her husband to make a wood gift for Sharon. Karl, Irene's husband, made a very nice horse sculpture for the gift. The gift was so beautiful, Irene was proud to send it to her friend. Upon receiving the gift, Sharon, was brought to tears with surprise.
Jolly used to cheat on all of his school tests. He would take secret notes on his arms. He would copy off of other students. One day his teacher caught him checking his phone. Jolly was suspended for two days.
Anna just moved into her college dorm. She was nervous to be living away from home. But then her roommate came in and they introduced. It turned out that they were both shy but friendly. Anna decided she would be okay in her dorm after all!
I wanted my own show on Oprah's network. I mapped out a short tv cooking show outline. I wrote a three minute script about food preparation. I submitted my audition tape to the OWN network. I didn't win with Oprah but I have my own cooking show on YouTube.
I lost my best shirt and was sad. My girlfriend got tired of my just moping around. She grabbed me by the arm and took me into the basement. She stood me by the furnace and faced me toward the wall rack. And there it was, my shirt in all its glory.
Ophelia realizes she has never seen the library in her small town. One day she decides to drive down to the local library. She visits the circulation desk, the reference desk, and the basement. After her visit, Ophelia returns home. She feels very satisfied that she finally saw the library.
My great Aunt Hazel was my favorite relative. One day when I was four years old, we went on a trip to her farm. She had several goats and pigs on her acreage. I walked outside all day, looking at the flowers and playing. I loved petting the pigs and goats at her house that day.
Amy rode her bike to school in a good mood. She hadn't realized how beautiful her neighborhood was. She met up with her friend Beth halfway to school. Beth was surprised Amy had come out of her depression. Amy knew the worst was behind her and happy times lay ahead.
Tom was desperate to be the next Youtube sensation. He spent weeks trying to teach his year old twins to dance. One day the adorable twins busted out with some amazing moves. Tom scrambled for his smart phone to record the moment. Sadly as the recording started the babies reverted back to idle coos.
Tom watched wrestling shows as a kid growing up. He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up. In high school, Tom began working out, using steroids. He wanted to be like the guys he admired while growing up. After getting sick, he gave steroids up in order to save his health.
My internet connection stopped working over the weekend. My internet service provider said it would be down all weekend. I spent the day mowing the lawn and cleaning the house. I did the laundry and walked my dog. It was a very fruitful and productive day for me.
Cindy loved her fellow Dodgers baseball team. Cindy's job recently gave her tickets to attend the opening game. However, two days before the game, Cindy got sick. Unfortunately, Cindy had to give the tickets to her husband. Cindy was heartbroken that she could not see her team play.
Joy's mom sent her in the donut store for a dozen donuts. She told the worker which twelve she wanted. She was confused when the worker said she got one more. The worker told her what a baker's dozen was. She was happy as she left with 13 donuts instead of 12.
I was sitting on my bed one day. The bed collapsed into many pieces. The bed was really old. I didn't have money for a new bed. So I used glue to put it back together.
Larry bought ice cream for him and his friend.s. It was a really hot day out. A lot of the ice cream melted. Larry ate what he was able to. His friends appreciated the gesture.
Beth put the key in the ignition but the car didn't start. The car battery was flat. Beth panicked as she was going to be late for work. She saw her son's small bike leaning against the wall. Riding the bike with her knees around her ears she got to work on time.
After moving to a new city, Mike wanted to buy a moped. He figured it would be more efficient than buying a car. He looked around at a couple of shops. He came across one that had everything he wanted. He rode out of the store looking fly.
My daughter has been dying to get an American Girl doll. She has been begging me for months. They are really expensive. I hope she will play with it if I buy it for her. I think I will get it for her on her birthday.
John was woken up by a phone call. It was his work asking why he wasn't there. John told them he wasn't scheduled. They told him he was and John checked his calendar. He had been using last year's.
My goldfish barnacles was getting old. I took him to the vet and they said there was nothing they could do. Barnacles was dying. The next morning he was floating so I flushed him away. My heart misses him and will forever be away.
My in-laws invited me for my nephew's birthday last week. When I arrived there it was freezing. Despite the cold, everyone was wearing shorts and T-shirts. My mother-in-law offered me a blanket. I was the only one snuggled in a blanket during the party.
I held my phone to my ear as I made a call on a boat. A big wave came at the boat from a distance. The wave smashed the boat and I lost balance. The phone flew from my hands and landed on the deck. The boat rocked to the side and my phone slide into the water.
Rachel's eyes were bloodshot. She had played video games for hours on end. She finally decided to go take a nap. She couldn't fall asleep, though. She just kept thinking about how to beat the next level.
I've always wanted to be able to run five miles at one time. Currently I can only run about three. I worked hard for months, slowly increase the distance I would run. I ate healthy and got plenty of rest too. A few months later I was running well over five miles at once!
Liza just started dating a guy. They had no title yet. He finally decided to make it official. They became serious. She introduced him to her friends as her boyfriend.
Cathy recently went to the county fair. At the fair, Cathy played a game to win a goldfish. Cathy was so excited when she finally won the game. Cathy decided she would name her goldfish, Winner. Cathy was glad to have the goldfish part of her family.
Me and my best friend fixed my car. We decided to go out riding around. We got stopped for a headlight out. Turns out my friend had a warrant on him for stealing his own stuff. He went to jail peacefully without incident
My laptop lost its power. I took found its charger. I plugged the charger in. The computer turned back on. I was able to use the computer.
Tom decided to rush out of house one day. He realized he forgot his shoes. He thought his socks would be sufficient. Tom ripped through his socks and ruined them. Tom was sad about it and learned a lesson.
Larry came back outside with bee spray. He had been stung by many yellow jackets. He went near the hole and sprayed. Nothing happened. Larry had sprayed the wrong hole.
A new movie is coming out that Carl really wants to see. The movie featured Carl's favorite actor. Carl purchased a ticket online for the movie. He went to the theater to see the movie. Carl was impressed with the actor's performance.
Tina had to go back on the ferry. Her vacation was coming to an end. So she was excited about it. When she went home she told her friends about it. They then wanted to go themselves.
Sam stopped at a four way intersection. The driver on the right stopped after him. Sam tried to move forward but the driver was impatient. He accelerated and ended up crashing into sam. Her airbag went off.
Dale was walking home one day. He saw a small dog. The dog followed him. He fed the dog at home. He kept the small dog and was happy!
Jimmy went to the market. He bought some bananas and oranges. He gave them to homeless people. They were very grateful to him. Then Jimmy realized he had no money left.
Miss Fisk took her kindergarteners to the zoo. They went to the penguin exhibit first. While there, they were able to feed the penguins. They went back to school that afternoon. They cannot wait to go back.
Ella set a personal challenge for herself. She tried to spend the whole day not talking. It was soon apparent it was harder than she thought. Ella eventually resorted to writing every time she needed something. The next day, Ella was glad she could talk again.
Gina gave birth to a baby girl at the hospital. On the way home, her and her husband were nervous. They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her. They spent more time with their new baby and became used to her. They realized that they were overreacting and were going to be fine.
Tina saw this headband online. She really wanted it. Then she found it was on sale. Tina immediately bought it. She was thrilled with the purchase.
Gary communicated with an exchange student for several years. They agreed to meet up together in person. Gary arrived to the mall and searched for his friend. A strange man touched his arm. Gary found out the strange man he didn't knew was his friend.
There was an outbreak of mosquitoes outside. Gina placed mosquito repellent around her whole body. She tried to walk outside. The mosquitoes still managed to attack her. She had several bites on her arms and legs.
The Brown Family loved to go camping. During one camping trip it was raining so hard. It knocked their tent down and they did not know where to go. The Brown's ended up having to go to the car. They played games in the car and despite the rain it was super fun.
My friends and I played silly games. One game we made up was jumping stairs. We see who can jump the most stairs. I wasn't very good at it. However, I still had fun playing it.
Wallace was working with his team for his college chemistry lab. They needed to create a solution using a certain amount of chemicals. Wallace and his team carefully read the instructions. Unfortunately, one of the team members wasn't fully paying attention. Their solution started pouring out, making a mess of their work table.
Robert hated writing. His final project for school was to write a ten page essay. Robert waited until the last day to begin the essay. Robert decided to copy an essay he found online. Robert's teacher found out what he did and gave him a failing grade.
I got into a fight with my mom since she wants me to get a haircut. She stopped saying after several minutes. On the other hand, she told the whole family about it during dinner. They started to ridicule me and call me names. As a result, I shaved off all of my hair to avoid the comments.
Mike basketball team was losing the game. He could tell the players had no more motivation. Mike stood up and ran to one side of the stadium. He got the entire crowd to do the wave. His team felt very motivated after this.
Jaycob woke early but could not bring himself to get out of bed. He had a runny nose and did not feel well at all. Jaycob took some medicine to help him rest. Jaycob stayed in bed over the next few days. Jaycob finally felt well enough to go back to school.
The man went to the gym. He started to work out. He saw someone he knew. He felt self conscious. He tried to avoid being seen.
James had just lost his wife. He checked his drawer for alcohol. He started to drink it. But then he started to think about his daughter. And so he drew the alcohol away.
Carl outgrew his clothes. Carl's little cousin needed clothes. His cousin loved his clothes. So Carl took a box of clothes to his cousin's house. His cousin was glad to have Carl's clothes.
Josh was writing stories to train artificial intelligence. He decided to write lots of stories about murder. Consequently, the artificial intelligence became quite evil. The artificial intelligence insisted on solving problems via murder. Thus, the researchers had to shut down the program.
Timmy Fragbert was lost. He'd gotten separated from his crew on a hike. He tried using his phone as a compass, but the battery died. He tried remembering his scout training, but couldn't. Luckily Timmy was found not 20 feet from his camp, as he was an idiot.
Lucy and her grandma went to Blockbuster. Lucy wanted to rent a movie that she had started, but fell asleep on. There were no copies on the shelf. She asked the cashier, hoping there was a copy in the return slot. Lucy was disappointed to find the movie was out of stock for a week.
Allie had to go to the doctor for a checkup. While she was there, her doctor tried to get her to have a shot. Allie resisted. Her doctor really pushed and Allie had to listen. In the end Allie was happy to have the shot for the future.
Jack wanted to watch the world cup game on TV. His sister also wanted to use the TV to watch a sitcom. They argued over who needed to use it the most. They took their argument to their dad to get a decision. Their dad changed the channel so neither of them got what they wanted.
The hurricane took place in the city. Randy made sure that his house was prepared. He stocked up on groceries and shutters for his window. Heavy winds blew towards his house. They seeped through the shutters and broke Randy's windows.
Kelly was making a pizza. She chopped up sausage for the topping. Kelly sprinkled it on top of the pizza. She put it in the oven and waited impatiently. Sausage was her favorite kind of pizza!
Jim sat behind his desk typing as usual. His desk mate Dwight complained he was being too loud. Jim smirked, and decided to test his typing speed. He flurried along at 170 words per minute. The noise of his typing fingers was deafening.
John had gotten a new job. He was a shy person and didn't know how to approach his coworkers. One day, he worked up the courage to ask a coworker to lunch. His coworker agreed. John and his coworker soon became friends.
Carolyn was on the sidewalk playing hopscotch. When her mom called her for refreshments, she refused. She was on a winning streak she didn't want to spoil. She played five more minutes until she accomplished her goal. When she was done, she run to her mom to drink her lemonade.
Will and his friends went to the movie theater. They were pumped about a new movie's opening night. When they arrived, their movie had been sold out. They decided to see a comedy instead. They couldn't believe how much fun they had at the comedy!
Maggie had applied to MIT. She was anxiously awaiting the admissions decision. Her nails were cracked because she nervously bit them waiting. Finally the letter came. She opened it up and found out she was rejected.
Pat was tired of shopping. She'd bought her clothes new wardrobes for school. She hung each item carefully in their closets. They had a lot of nice, new stuff! When school started, they liked picking out new outfits.
The family liked going bowling together. None of them were good at it but they still had fun. One day, they bet to see who could get the best score. The mom won by 30 points! The family all laughed as she celebrated.
Two months ago I wanted to be a motivational speaker. I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc. I ordered the materials for the training. I made my final presentation yesterday. I passed the test and now I am a certified motivational speaker.
Kelly wanted to get her belly button pierced. She went to the parlor but then was nervous. They put the earring in and Kelly screamed. The pain was terrible. Thankfully it was quick.
Millie wanted a cat since she was a little girl. But her parents didn't think she was responsible enough. Until one day she turned eleven. Her parents finally decided she was ready and bought her a kitten. She was so happy and slept with her kitten every night.
Neil had just turned sixteen. He sat his parents down for a serious talk. He told them he wanted to leave school and get a job. But his parents absolutely refused. They told Neil that as long as he lived there he had to attend school!
Joe is in the Army. He is shipped overseas for 1 year. Joe misses his family very badly at first. The time passes slowly. Joe is very happy the day he gets to come home.
I ran into an old teacher after high school. She smiled and asked how old I was. When I told her, she began to tear up a little. She said she was happy I had survived. I stood there in shock, not realizing my teachers had known my past.
Our 2 year old granddaughter is in daycare. On Saint Patrick's Day the staff dressed the kids up. My granddaughter had a green hat and a paper shamrock necklace. Her father took a video of her in the outfit. We were very amused to watch the video.
Gary spent a lot of time in the gym. He would go 5 times a week minimum. Last month, he actually went 10 times a week for 2 weeks. He thought that he was improving himself. Although he was physically improving, his social life took a downturn.
One day a little boy went missing in the town Becky grew up in. The whole town searched all over for the missing boy. All hope of ever finding the little boy was gone. His body was found a year later. The whole town was stricken with grief.
Tom was out on patrol. It was a routine assignment. Midway the mission statement changed. Tom was sent out alone. He never made it back.
Today I saw an ant carrying a leaf. The leaf was larger than the ant. I admired the ants determination. I watched the ant for twenty minutes. The any finally carried the leaf into his home.
Karen opened her over-stuffed closet. She pulled all of the clothes out and placed them on her bed. She went through each item, deciding whether she still liked it. She ended up with a huge pile of clothes to give away. The next day, Karen brought her donations to a thrift store.
Sam wanted to win the wrestling tournament. It meant a lot to him. He decided to cheat in a match. Sam was caught and disqualified. He lost everything but learned a valuable lesson.
I was in line at the cinema. A woman and her two kids were ahead of me. One of the kids was crying that he had to use the bathroom. The mother said he could wait. The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself.
Patrick came home from work and greeted his wife. He gave her a kiss on the check and noticed something different. An unfamiliar aroma reached his nose. He asked his wife if she had a new perfume on. Patrick's wife was surprised he noticed.
Jack really wanted to be on the baseball team. He practiced for an hour every day with friends. On the day of tryouts, he impressed the coaching staff. They asked him to join the team after hitting three home runs. Jack smiled when they handed him his uniform and practice schedule.
My son was diagnosed with Autism. He went to see a top notch child psychiatrist. They tested him over a course of 3 days. They played with him and ran tests. In conclusion, they decided he was PDD-NOS.
Tim's family had a game night. They decided to play Monopoly one time. Everyone got really into it. It caused a few minor fights. They decided to avoid that game from then on out.
Jerry was trying to impress a girl. Unfortunately for him, all of his attempts had fallen flat. Finally Jerry introduced himself to her. She was impressed with his boldness. Jerry was able to ask the girl out on a date.
Angela was scared of the dark. Everyday before bed she would turn her night light on. One day , her night light broke down. She was stuck in total darkness. Angela was terrified of the dark ever since.
Mary had no retirement savings. She started to invest in her 401K. She contributed as much as she could. In 10 Years, she had caught up. She was on track to retire!
Phil had always wanted to see Ireland for himself. He saved up money for a big trip. Finally it was time for Phil to fly to Ireland. He tried the local food and met many people. Phil was happy that he had finally visited Ireland.
Jambo Jumbo was a pilot. He was accused of flying while drunk. He fought a bitter defense. Unfortunately a receipt was found of how many drinks he had drank. He was fired, and now works in a carnival.
Rufus was excited that baseball season was beginning. He decided to try out for the team. Rufus was accepted to the team as a shortstop. He played very well on his baseball team. Rufus was glad to be playing baseball.
Morgan wanted to hold a tea party. She invited all of her friends. They each brought a sweet dessert to share. The tea party went off without a hitch. Morgan is already planning her next great tea party.
The man was a professional musician. He sang theme songs for businesses. He did work for most businesses in town. Everyone in the area knew his voice. The man felt very accomplished.
Jack liked Mary. He told her best friend, Sue that he liked Mary. Sue told Jack to ask Mary on a date. Jack walked up to Mary nervously and asked her on a date. Mary agreed to go on a date with Jack, which made him happy.
Becca had a dog name Ruff. She threw frisbee with him one day. She threw it as hard as she could. It went out into the street on that throw along with Ruff. Becca still feels guilty about that day.
Lisa listed some clothes to auction on Ebay. She was pleased to see that the auction got quite high. When the auction ended, she received the buyer's information. She was shocked the winner was a girl who bullied her in high school. Lisa decided to cancel the sale.
Anna was training her new kitten. At first it was frustrating. The kitten never used the litter box. But after a while he learned. Anna was proud of her successful training.
It was such a hot summer day. Mary didn't know what to do with the kids. She decided she should take them for ice cream . She packed up the car and headed to the store. all the kids enjoyed the cold ice cream on such a hot day!
I was arguing with my sister. I decided to hit her. My sister began crying. My mother ran into the kitchen and demanded to know what happened. I confessed and she grounded me for a month.
Rita was tired of her husband not helping out. He didn't help with the kids or house chores. She pointed out that she had a part time job. He said that since she was earning less money that she had the chores. Rita made him sleep on the couch.
Matt didn't feel like going to work one day. So he told his boss he was sick. Instead, he spent his time on Facebook and Youtube. And his boss found Facebook messages he wrote. Matt ended up getting fired.
Eva wanted to grow flowers in her garden. She found it hard to get them to sprout from seeds. So she went to the flower nursery. There, she bought flower bulbs. She planted them and watched her flowers spring up!
Wade had joined an online dating site. He was interested in a woman he found. Wade decided to meet the woman. Wade met the woman at a cafe. Wade and the woman began to date.
Tara wanted to get into shape. She started doing sit-ups every morning. She kept her routine everyday. Eventually she lost 10 pounds in 3 months. Tara had a sculpted six pack as the result of her hard work.
Josh really wanted to get into law school. He had applied to several law schools but was rejected from all. Then Josh learned that his admissions test scores were too low. He retook the admissions test and scored higher. Josh finally got accepted into law school the next year.
Lucas took out a cigarette and lit it. He flicked it into the trash. As he walked away, the trash caught on fire. Lucas tried to put it out but the flames rose and burned an awning. As the building started going up in flames, Lucas fled the scene.
Charlie and Ken made a bet. The loser would have to shave. Ken lost the bet. He refused to shave. Charlie stopped being his friend.
During my softball game, there were tons of seagulls overhead. They all flew by and I felt something land on my shirt. One of the birds had dropped their waste on me. I was embarrassed and upset that this happened to me. But I had to continue playing and get over it.
Barry had to write a report for work. But as he had slept most of the day, he had no clue what to write. He didn't feel like lying. So he took the higher road and told the truth to his boss. He got reprimanded but felt better about himself for being honest.
Shawn didn't want his first pet to be a fish like all the other kids. He pleaded with his parents to buy him a turtle. He polished his turtle's shell every day. They were hosting a foreign exchange student. He made a delicious soup from Shawn's pet.
Allen is from a small town called Taft. The town was built on oil. Every four years they have an event called Oildarado. It is a bunch of hick like activities and traditions. Allen is so ashamed he can't wait to move away forever.
Jim and Nancy had been together forever. Marriage had always crossed Nancy's mind. She never wanted to pressure Jim though. One day she got home to a romantic dinner and candles. Jim dropped to one knee and proposed and she said yes.
Lena had a lot of things she didn't need in her house. She wanted to get rid of all of it. Lena decided to have a tag sale. She was able to sell most of her things. Lena was happy to have some extra money and a cleaner house.
One of my friends had went to see a movie last night. Nobody wanted to go, so he went by himself. We all felt bad about it. The next day, we went out for dinner with him when he asked. I don't think that he minded too much.
Jenny has a drinking problem. Jenny got arrested for public intoxication. Jenny was in jail for three days. Jenny could not write a check for rent from jail. Jenny got evicted.
Ted was nervous to kiss Lisa for the first time. He took her to the park where they would walk. When they sat on the bench he took her face. He kissed her. The two felt sparks.
Quincy was tired of his life working in an office. One day he called his friend Rex who worked on a farm. Quincy asked if Rex could get him a job on the farm. Rex said that he could if Quincy was willing to work hard. The next month, Quincy began his new life as a farmer.
My logic professor decided to teach us how to solve proofs. At first, he used fitch style calculus to solve the proofs. It confused everyone in my class. Thus, he decided to teach us the tree method. The tree method was simple and easy for everyone to learn!
I tried playing basketball with a friend the other day. He used to play in high school. I figured it would be fun. I was wrong I should never try to play basketball again.
We had a gig booked at a local bar. It ended up snowing a lot that night. No one came in for the show. The owner did not want to pay us. We had quite a few words with him.
My dad and I like to hunt for worms. We use the worms for fishing. Tonight was the perfect night for hunting for worms. Tonight I got the most worms ever. My dad and I decided to sell some worms and use the rest for fishing.
Joey was asked by his friends to join them at the ice skating rink. Joey knew he would embarrass himself again by falling. He fell down repeatedly when trying to ice skate. His friends laughed at him many times. Joey never wanted to go ice skating again.
Whitney got home from work and smelled something bad in her house. She could not find the smell anywhere. She looked in the fridge and in the bathrooms. She finally checked her brother's soccer bag. His sweaty shoes had smelled up the whole house.
It was starting to get late outside. Martha was hanging at the movies with her friends. She had to get home by her 9 PM curfew. When Martha arrived back home, she was a couple of hours late. Her parents grounded her for a week for being late.
Megan took a job babysitting her neighbor's kid. Just before bedtime, the child spilled juice on the couch cushion. Megan tried to clean it but the stain wouldn't come out. She hid the stain by flipping the couch cushion. Megan felt guilty for hiding the mistake from her neighbor.
In college, Charles had a crush on his photography teacher. But he didn't want it to interfere with his photography lessons. One afternoon he had an assignment to use a new camera. He dressed nice and smelled good because he knew he'd need Christina. But Christina didn't help him because he looked and smelled nice.
Matt didn't know how to get out of an intricate lie he was in. He could come clean, but it would destroy his relationship. As he was reluctant to lose everything, he waited. Until the whole affair exploded. The lie got discovered and he his wife left him.
Kenny is on vacation. Kenny wants to swim. He goes out into the ocean. He swims with the dolphins. Kenny has the time of his life.
Megan was at the dentist's office. She was getting her teeth checked out. They discovered that she needed a root canal. She was really scared so they gave her some laughing gas. Luckily, it was over pretty quickly.
Mervin wanted to be a lawyer when he grew up. He hung out at the courthouse after school some days. He would talk to potential jurors most of the time. He even enjoyed sitting in on lengthy court proceedings. Mervin couldn't understand why everyone else looked bored.
Gary had never been grocery shopping before. He stared down at the long list of items in his hand. He wondered why his mom needed so many things for this party. After two hours of walking around, he finally had everything. Once he arrived at the checkout he realized he'd forgotten his wallet.
The school morning announcements began as usual. The speaker asked everyone to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. Mandy put her right hand over her heart and recited it as always. A boy in her class caught her eye. He was seated with his head on his desk.
My friend has some beavers in his backyard. They come up from the creek by his house. He invites my over and we watch them. We take pictures of them and send them to our friends. I love taking pictures of beavers, they are so cute!
Mary never cooks. She eats fast food every day. Last week she visited the doctor. The doctor said she needs to eat healthy food. Mary decided to start cooking at home.
The copier broke at work. I couldn't locate anyone in the tech department. I called my boss and asked him what to do. I told him I had an important deadline to meet. He told me to use the office next door.
Joe was planning on going fishing. He loaded up his boat with his fishing poles. He loaded up the cooler with lunch. He walked outside and saw a thunderstorm approaching. Joe will go fishing another day.
Jim wanted to become fit. Jim thought about running around his neighborhood. He did it but felt it was missing something. He decided he needed headphones for running. He bought running headphones and then enjoyed his run very much.
Eva is three years old and has never been to the dentist. One day, it was time for her to go and she was very nervous. The dentist ended up being very nice! He said her teeth looked great. After that, Eva decided she wasn't scared of the dentist anymore.
Mary's friend was in a band. He asked her to go see his show. Mary obliged happily. Unfortunately she did not wind up liking the music. Mary was still nice and encouraging, though.
Sam was a football player. One day during practice, he was sacked. All of a sudden, he couldn't get up. Other players landed on his leg. Sam had broken one of his legs.
Gina rarely saw her sister. They didn't live in the same state. Gina cherished the time there were able to spend together. Which is why she was so hurt her sister wasted time with their cousin. Now the cousin was gone, and Gina could enjoy her time with her sister
Karen was going to first grade. She was nervous about meeting a new teacher. When she went to school, she was very scared. Karen's teacher turned out to be very nice. Karen was excited about this year of school.
Joe collected all his shirts and pants for laundry. He put them in the washer and waited for them to be done. When they were clean, he put them in the dryer on high. The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small. Joe couldn't wear them anymore so he gave them away.
Tammy ordered new make up online. It was even cuter than she expected. Tammy wore it out immediately. She got tons of compliments. She decided to buy a lot more.
Growing up an orphan Bubba was bullied every day of his life. He cried every night to sleep thinking he was all alone. When he grew older he figured out ways to escape the pain. He would retreat to his room and get lost in his imagination. He called it paradise a place where he was king and free from hate.
Maryann was made fun of in school for her looks. She was tall, thin, and multiracial. After she graduated high school, she moved to California. She was signed to a modeling agency. Now those same kids from school try to be her friend online.
I forgot to set my alarm last night. My internal clock let me oversleep. I was late for work yet again. I almost got fired. Luckily I'm a good worker and got one more chance.
I woke up so tired I couldn't stay awake. I got an energy drink out of the fridge. I sat down at my computer and drank the entire thing. I felt like my heart was going to explode. I finally felt enough energy to work.
Steven liked making funny videos with his friends. They posted the videos they really liked on the Internet. Some kids from school watched them and posted mean comments. Steven and his friends just ignored them and made more silly videos. Having fun was more important to them than some mean kids' opinions.
Tim noticed new neighbors moving in. He figured he would greet them. Before he could they knocked on his door. They offered pie and introduced themselves. Tim got along well with them.
Larry was making a sandwich. He got all the ingredients ready and prepared it. When he took a bite it tasted terrible. He looked around and noticed the meat package. It had expired a month ago!
I was at Taco Bell one evening. Nobody came to the counter to serve me. They even walked past, ignoring me. I shouted at the workers and stomped out of the restaurant. Despite still being hungry, it felt really good to yell at them.
One day a car smashed into Eric's on the highway. He was uninjured, but his car was totaled and the other driver left. While he saved for a new car, he got rides to work from friends. He had planned to have a car quickly, but it took more than 2 months. No one had complained, but they were relieved when he got a new car.
I love the sport of basketball. It's the only sport I can play or watch. Everything else just seems so slow and boring. My friend asked me if I want to play in a league on his team. I said yes because I'm always looking for places to play.
Susie wanted an apartment. She looked everywhere in the city. Finally she found one in her price range. But she saw it was a studio. So Susie had to just keep on looking.
Carl worked at a comic shop, but had never read a comic. He did his job well, nobody knew he had never read one himself. One frequent customer eventually caught on to Carl's secret. The customer quizzed Carl every day until Carl confessed. Carl read his first comic, thanking the customer for the motivation.
My mother wanted me to pick up some roast beef from the deli. I woke up late but I made it before the store closed. The clerk at the deli informed me they were out of beef. He suggested honey baked ham and I bought it. My mother is disappointed in me for bringing the wrong thing home.
Louis wasn't allowed to text at work. He had not seen his manager for a while. He decided to get on mechanical turk. Upon doing a hit, his manager caught him in the act. He got fired.
Fred had his friend over. They went and started climbing trees. Fred was having fun. All the sudden he got stuck. His dad had to help him out.
It was very windy out. Sara took her kite to the yard. She unfurled it. Then the wind died down unexpectedly! Sara had to put her kite away.
I wanted a bag of chips from the vending machine. I put my money inside the vending machine and press the keys. However, there must've been some kind of glitch. I didn't get one bag of chips, but two. I can't complain.
Gina was cleaning the snow off of her car in the middle of the street. She couldn't reach the passenger side when parked at the curb. Now a car was slowly coming down the street towards her. Gina began to run to her door to move the car. She lost her footing, and fell to her knees in the icy street.
The old woman was a nasty piece of work. She lied to everyone about each other. He daughter got tired of this and refused to talk to her. The woman tried to get the daughter to talk to her before she died. She died without talking to her daughter.
A man desired to be smart. He always thought chess players were smart. He read the books written by top chess players. He learned to think strategically and learned about chess. He improved his chess skills and overall intelligence.
Gregory felt sick and very tired. He was worried that he was very ill. He went to see Doctor Gemma. He explained that he was ill. She gave him some pills so that he could feel better.
Ben is shopping at the mall. He starts to look through clothes at his favorite store. He spends at least 30 mins in his favorite store looking at clothes. After those 30 mins he reaches into his pocket to call his mom. When Ben reaches into his pocket his phone is missing!
I was driving between a large truck with a gas tank. The driver was drunk and moved the truck back and forth. I eventually got hit on the side by his car. My car drove into  the forest. It landed in the water.
I was watching television this morning. At first everything was working fine. Then commercial break came and the tv went out. I had to call the cable guy. Finally he came quick.
Jeremy was in a cabin in Alaska. Suddenly he heard a bear outside sniffing around the walls. Jeremy thought he was safe inside. Then the bear broke down the door and ran inside. Jeremy just barely got his gun in time.
Jeff got home from work. His wife said she'd been calling him all day. He asked what was wrong. She said the plumbing was flooding. Jeff had to get ready to fix it.
Instead of robbing banks, Mark decided to rob a diamond mine. He began to cut into a mine with his pick ax in the morning. People saw him dig but they thought he worked at the mine. Pretending to be a worker, Mark mined for months. He found thousands of dollars of diamonds and ran off.
Lily was freaking out due to her large chemistry exam tomorrow. For the past few hours she had been trying to cram the material in. The next morning when she woke up she had knots in her stomach. As she got into the classroom, to her surprise the exam was not hard. She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief.
Tom was watching a horror movie. It was late at night and he was falling asleep. Right as he dozed off a phone call came through. Tom got scared and jumped up. He realized what happened and laughed at himself.
Jillian was receiving tons of mysterious gifts. They all were signed from a secret admirer. She had been asking around and trying to find out who it was. One day, she decided to watch her mailbox. Finally, she caught the person in the act, and it was her neighbor.
Ricki liked going to her neighborhood pool in the summer time. Sometimes at the beginning of the school year they had no lifeguards. Many of them went back to school and were not available to work. Ricki thought it might be a good idea to become a lifeguard and help. Ricki signed up for lifeguarding class the next time it was offered.
Mark wanted to give his living room a new look. He decided to move the furniture around. He lifted one end of his sofa and dragged it to a new location. He switched paintings on his walls. When he was done the room looked very changed.
Luke needed money. Luke decided to rob a convenience store. He was arrested by the police for robbery. Luke spent 1 year in prison. Luke was very happy when he was free.
Jason loves to play football. Jason wanted to make the NFL but wasn't good enough. So, he went out for the flag football team. Jason end up being the best player on the team. He ended up fulfilling his dream through his team.
Wendy bought carrots every week from the store. She determined that she spend hundreds of dollars on carrots. One spring she decided to plant a carrot garden. The carrots grew. Wendy canned the carrots to last through the winter.
Kelli was at the airport on her way to Florida. She was going to meet her family. Her least favorite part of flying was security. The line took forever. It took her about three hours to get through the airport.
Sarah loved tum-tums and played it every day. Yesterday she walked into a convenience store, and saw a display. The display had tons of of tum-tums lip glosses. Sarah was very excited to see the lip glosses. She chose her favorite flavor, strawberry, and purchased it.
Jack has a snake. Jack's snake is very large. The snake's heat lamp stopped working earlier today. That Night when Jack was sleeping the snake got out of its tank. Jack found the snake on a big rock in the yard trying to keep warm.
Tom thought he was a very good driver so he didn't need insurance. Tom drove carefully all the time. One day, another driver illegally crossed a red light. The driver slammed his car into Tom's car. Afterwards, Tom was sure to buy insurance and always have it with him.
I spent a summer working the stock room in a discount store. One night I had to close the stock room by myself. When the lights went out I heard a child's giggling. I felt the hairs on my neck stand straight up. I turned on the lights to see a doll had fallen, turning itself on.
The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer. One day, they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place. They chose to travel north to a beach that wasn't terribly far away. The children had a wonderful time and met a new friend to play with. They kept in touch with their friend even after they went home.
Aaron needed to pick a random person. He wrote their names on a note. He put the notes in a hat. He pulled one from the hat. He picked the person on the note.
Nancy saw an infomercial for an electric toothbrush. And she ordered it right away. But after months of using it, her gums began to deteriorate. She went to the dentist. But there was nothing that could be done.
I was moving from Texas to Oregon. I was taking a bus across the country. I showed up the the bus station. I gave the man my ticket. I rode the bus for days until I arrived.
Kies was tired of his job flipping burgers from nine to five. He made minimum wage and dreaded going to work every day. He had no choice since he did not go to school and needed money. One day he couldn't handle the pressure and went crazy at work. He started flipping patties at customers and quit that day.
My daughter is afraid to try new foods. I was happy that I talked her into trying a bag of mixed nuts. Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing. In a panic, I called 911. She lived but found out the hard way that she has a severe nut allergy
Terry was walking along the sidewalk. He was not paying much attention. Suddenly he started slipping and he fell down. He noticed it was a banana. He was very embarrassed.
A man was feeling stressed at his job. He put in for time off and bought a plane ticket to Japan. He arrived in Tokyo and took a cab to his hotel. He spent the next week seeing the city. He felt more relaxed after he returned home.
I was playing in my front yard quietly during the summer. All of a sudden I heard a strange noise. It didn't take long to realize what it was. It was my neighbor's pit bull dragging his chain behind him. He chased me right into the house!
Peter and Jake were eating pizza. Peter left without paying. Jake did not know what to do. He ended up leaving too. Nobody caught them.
Miranda was home alone. She was going to make some canned pasta for dinner. While she waited for it to cook, she became anxious. She was so scared, she couldn't wait and took the pasta right then. She ate the pasta cold in her bedroom to feel safe.
I decided to go fishing. I was fishing for hours with no luck. I was about to give up when suddenly something took my bait. I reeled it in. It was the biggest tuna I've ever seen!
The farmer pulled out a tulip from the ground. He took it to the barn to cut it in pieces. After the tulip was open, a scorpion came out. It jumped on the farmer's shoulder. He was able to take it out by slapping it.
Kyle and Kim went to Madrid for a holiday. They went with only each other to maximise their time. This was because they didn't enjoy the dynamics of a big group. People would always end up losing out because of others' choices. This time, they did everything they wanted to do with time to spare.
Tammy had a bad stutter. She realized that when she sang, her stutter would go away. Tammy spent many hours learning to sort of sing when she spoke. People found her way of speaking strange, but they liked it. She became a very popular girl, though considered a little weird.
Marlon is a stay at home dad. His wife Rosann works and goes to school. He noticed she began to act differently towards him. So he followed her around one day. Unfortunately, he caught her going to another man's home.
Bob wanted to be a professional soccer player. Bob was bad at soccer. Bob practiced for Years. Bob got to college and played soccer. Bob got scouted and became a professional player!
After a long day, Ray went home and sat on the sofa. He began a marathon of his favorite show on the TV. Soon into it, Ray fell asleep on the sofa. The show kept playing while he slept. Ray awoke hours later and had the ending spoiled for him.
Tinder has been a new app for me. I went on and figured out how to find dates. Several women seemed appealing, so I liked them. I received a message that I was too old and ugly for one woman. Now I feel terrible and won't return to dating.
I got my driver's license back. I was able to pay someone else instead. A lady rejected my offer. I told her I would pay for part of her car damage. I had caused a wreck.
Johnny played a small part in a movie. He's famous in some circles for his one line, hi! But he hasn't landed a part in Year's. He went to Hollywood and landed a job as a waiter. Now he serves dishes and coffee to Hollywood actors and executives.
Regina was starving and had barely any food or money. She was craving cookies and thought about which ingredients she had. Finally she discovered one cookie recipe that she could actually use. She made up the dough and put the pieces in the oven. Luckily, the recipe was delicious and the cookies were great.
Finding time to cope with things was not a strong point of mine. After my grandfather's death I had no idea what to do. I surrounded myself with friends and began to drink heavily. Realizing this was no place to be, I felt more dejected everyday. I entered rehab in hopes that I could turn my life around.
Lindsay was uneasy. She had to walk by a murky lagoon to get home. She saw dark, dirty water with some movement in it. She ran as fast as she could. She was scared there was an alligator!
Larry was visiting his aging mother. There was no answer when Larry knocked. Larry found the spare key. He opened the door to find his mother on the floor. She had slipped and broken her hip.
It was a very hot day. Anne decided to take her kids to the pool. They jumped right into the cold water. It was the best way to beat the heat. They swam for five hours!
At the busy restaurant, all the tablecloths were used. When a bus boy went to change a dirty table cloth, he found no more. To fix this, he tried taking the dirty one to the kitchen to clean. Despite his best efforts, he was not able to wash it in the sink. He took the now wet table cloth and tossed in the hamper.
Don drove to a park to take photos of birds. He set up his camera and began to look for birds. After hours of waiting, Don began to get frustrated. Suddenly, a very rare species of bird arrived at the park. Don snapped pictures of it happily and then went home.
Harold was flying to China. The airline lost his luggage! They reimbursed him and he had to go buy new clothes. He didn't fit into anything in the Chinese stores. Harold was very angry at the airline.
Kay had been saving for a new car. She knew hers was old and needed to be replaced. As she was looking at car, she fell in love. Kay put in an offer. It was accepted and she bought a car.
Sam was home alone when he heard a loud bang. Someone was trying to break in. He pulled his revolver out of his night stand. When they broke through the door he started shooting. Two officers and Sam died that night because of the no knock raid.
I love the smell of a campfire. Even though most of my friends disagree. It isn't so much the smell itself that I like. It's the memories that the smell gives me. Looking back at all the things I did that involves camping.
Usually a good student, Joan was confused about fractions. She panicked when the teacher announced a test on fractions. Joan feigned illness to avoid the test. Then, she continued playing sick for the rest of the week. When she returned to school, she told the class her tonsils came out.
Terrence was leaving work after working the 2nd shift. He spotted a woman having car trouble in the parking lot. While changing the flat tire, the woman pulled a gun on him. Two men from across the street came over to help. Because they restrained Terrence, the woman got away with $500.
Betty's husband stays at home while she works. He is a freelance writer. One day Betty forgot her lunch. She texted her husband to bring it to her at work. He brought lunch for himself as well and they had an impromptu date.
Tracy had a crush on a boy. She decided to invite him over her house. When he arrived, her parents saw him and introduced themselves. Then, they took out an old album and showed him old photos of Tracy. Tracy became embarrassed because she looked silly in many of them.
Rachel and Jimmy loved their firstborn child. As new parents, they worried about everything, even small stuff. One morning Jimmy was playing with his daughter. He bumped her head slightly and grew scared so he went to the doctors. He was calm once the doctor said she is absolutely fine.
Aza had terrible heartburn. She had been invited for an Italian dinner. She knew the heartburn had to go! She sipped on cool milk and water until it subsided. Gradually the burning in her throat diminished.
I used to walk home from school with a girl from the neighborhood. One day after school we went over to my house. My parents happen to not be home on that day. We were in the kitchen getting a snack. She then pushed me against the wall and kissed me.
Quinn began as a drummer. When he outgrew his teenage angst, he went into physics. There, Quinn discovered how to observe the quantum world. His revolutionary theory about strings didn't come from drums. Quinn is sure his musical background didn't hurt, though.
Stephen Hill recently died. He was the attorney general on Law and Order for years. He was also on Mission Impossible. To honor him, I watched some L&O and MI shows today. I think he was a great actor.
Due to my terrible incidents with phone droppings, I needed a case. Specifically I needed a glass screen protector. I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly. I tested it out by dropping it and it didn't have a stretch. I was thrilled.
There once was a group of publishers in a financial dispute. They could not agree about the future of their magazine. As tensions mounted, it was decided that the group would split. Half of the publishers moved and started a new magazine. The competition was fierce, but ultimately both magazines succeeded.
My dog Jack was thrilled with his new fence because he had more space. Every day, he was rooting around in new places, exploring wildly. His decision to trample the raspberry patch didn't go well, however. A thorn or twig got into his eye, causing watering and irritation. Hopefully, a trip to the vet will curb his enthusiasm for raspberries.
It was winter time. My apartment was cold from the weather. The heater was broken. I needed to do something to keep from being cold. I finally decided to put on three jackets so that I would be warm.
Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday. Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans. She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend's invites. Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead. The surprise was a success and Charlotte was ecstatic at the party.
Erin has always wanted to try running a marathon. She has always been way too afraid and out of shape. She noticed that her city will be hosting one a year from now. She joins a gym and works out hard for a year, building her endurance. A year later Erin is in great shape and runs the race with confidence!
Danny is my brother. He drinks two bottles of vodka everyday. He left his wife and children at home to go to the store. When he got home he found that his key didn't work. Danny now lives on the street.
Jamie was driving a small boat. The boat hit a big wave. Jamie almost flew out of the boat. He decided to slow down some. The ride was easier.
Jack and Jill were hungry one night. They decided to go to the cafe down the street. They went in and sat down and looked over the menu. They decided to split a pizza. The pizza was good and they went home, full and happy.
Jane scraped her knee on the playground. She was in pain and started crying. The other kids called the teacher over. She was given a bandaid and a sucker to cheer her up. Jane continued playing with her friends.
I wanted to sell my car so I began to clean it as much as possible. By the time I was done it was very shiny and attractive. Later that night a vandal broke into my car and stole it. I was sad that I lost my car but impressed that someone stole it. The insurance money was enough to buy a brand new car.
Kelly wanted to make barbeque. She had never done it before. She bought a pork shoulder and a rub. She followed the recipe. It was the best she had ever had.
Lauren is taking a trip to the beach. Her car isn't the newest. Her car begins to make a loud noise. She pulls over and checks it out. Her car is smoking beyond belief.
Tina was working til ten. She hated working at night. Her boss told her she had many more shirts to fold. Tina rolled her eyes. She didn't want to do it.
Tim always bought lottery tickets. He never really thought he would win. He just thought it was fun for a buck. One day he got a winning ticket. Tim was ecstatic even if it wasn't the grand prize.
Ike was playing basketball against a rival team. The game was almost tied, and almost over. Then Ike made a daring move. He scored the final basket against all odds. Ike's move led his team to victory!
Xander has a crush on Sadie. He puts notes in her locker every day. Sadie writes notes back. Today, Xander is going to tell her he likes her. He hopes she feels the same way.
The whole town had gathered together. They all sat on the curb and watched the parade go by. The floats threw candy and trinkets. Kids scrambled to grab anything they could. It was a fun annual tradition!
I play and win the lottery all the time. On September the sixth my hunch said play five zero eight. Everyone told me it was a waste of my time and money. I am glad I always listen to my gut and follow my hunches. I won five hundred dollars trusting my gut.
Tom loved a rock band. They were having a show in his town. Tom tried to get tickets. Unfortunately they sold out right away. He couldn't afford the more expensive ones left.
I skipped stone out across the lake. I counted ten hops. I skipped another one. This time I counted seventeen hops. I picked up another stone but put it in my pocket.
Phil wanted to run a marathon. Phil tried to run to prepare for the race. Phil was really struggling with motivation. Another racer asked Phil to train with him. Phil was able to prepare for the race and finished the marathon.
Jen was feeling homesick. She took out a photo of her childhood home. She felt a little better. She thought of the great times she'd had there. Jen was feeling melancholy but happy.
Toni was going to have a baby. They were driving to the hospital. Her husband was driving very fast. The sound of sirens began. They were pulled over.
Lydia loved to paint with water colors. She painted a landscape, with soft hues and a gentle meadow. Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest. Lydia acquiesced, entering her artwork. Her painting won her first prize and an art school scholarship!
Alice wanted to buy her son jack a puppy. She went to the pet store white jack was at school. When Jack came home she handed him the puppy. Jack's face lit up and he jumped for joy. Alice was touched by Jack's happiness.
Vicki was not popular. She had told a series of big lies to her friends. No one could trust her anymore. She told her friends that she was sorry, but none of them believed her. Vicki decided she had a lot of work to do.
Shane stole a game from the store. He didn't tell anyone at first but he felt horrible. His guilt kept him up at night. He finally told his mother about what he did. Shane knew he was wrong but felt relieved after confessing.
Sara was getting ready for her date. When she was done, she splashed on some perfume. For this date she had chosen the zoo, so she left and headed there. The zoo was empty and she was grateful as she parked her car. She waited at the entrance until she saw her date.
The worm crawled onto the pavement. It got stepped on. The man looked at the smashed warm. He looked at his shoe. He wiped his shoe on the grass.
Betsy wanted a decoration for outside of her house. She bought a big American flag. She hung it from a flagpole. Her house looked very patriotic. She liked the new addition to her front porch.
Connie used to be a good dart player. When she met Jeff he challenged her to a game. Connie won the first game but lost the next four games. She quickly learned that Jeff was a much better player. Later that evening he admitted that he let her win the first game.
Last week my parents went grocery shopping. The generic cereal was on sale. They couldn't pass up the good deal. It tasted terrible. We now realize why it was so cheap.
Bradley is the star of his team. He is playing in the championship game. His team is losing by one point. Bradley takes the last shot for his team. He misses the shot and loses the game.
Adrian badly needed money. He'd run out of cash a week ago. Plus he'd eaten all of his groceries. He called his mother and father and asked for money. They said he was grown and not to call them for money.
I had a stroke five years ago. I lost the use of my left hand. A year ago I started looking at my hand. I found if I concentrated, I could get my fingers to twitch. I was never able to do much else, however.
Pete's family was new in town and they didn't know anyone there. Because he was new in town, the children picked on Pete. Pete preferred to walk home from school because of the bullying. Mel noticed how Pete was being picked on on a daily basis. Mel started walking with Pete to prevent him from being bullied.
Ralph had to write a story for his English class. He came down with a case of writer's block. Try as he might, no ideas would come to him. He decided to write a story about how he couldn't write a story. He turned in the story and got a good grade.
I watched the Boston Beanpot tournament on tv this year. Four teams play - BU, BC, Northeastern and Harvard. BC beat Harvard and BU beat NU. BU played BC for the championship. I was unhappy when BC won, as I am a BU grad.
Kim bought her nephew a silly string toy as a gift. The whole family laughed as he chased his brother around the house. Kim's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls. As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint. Her sister yelled for an hour when she found out.
Alicia decided to knit a new quilt. She really needed to buy a new one. When she was done it looked beautiful. She got so many compliments. She started making more.
Elsa wants the lead role in the play. She auditions. She gives it her all. She hears back a few days later. She landed the role in the play.
Abigail bought her friend Jenny a simple birthday card. Jenny loved the card so much that she saved it. She added a note for Abigail and gave it back for her birthday. Every year the two friends passed the card back and forth. Many years later the card was covered in notes from their friendship.
Lucy did not want to go to the fair. Her parents fought with her to. But she resisted. Finally she was promised a toy if she went. So she decided to go.
Hannah tore a hole in her couch. Hannah decided that she needed to replace the couch and buy a new one. Hannah went to the furniture store and tried out several couches. Hannah thought that the red leather couch was the most comfortable. Hannah purchased the red leather couch.
Kevin was at a safari. He was able to drive and he saw an ostrich. He was stupid and threw a pebble at it. The ostrich was mad and started chasing him. Kevin was able to escape.
A family took a boat trip on the river. There was a terrible lightning storm. The storm tossed the boat and shorted out the generator. The family was frightened of the danger. They safely navigated the boat out of the storm.
John had finally found a band to join. He had been looking for a few years now. He wanted to find a band that really fit him. The group of guys he found is a perfect match. I cannot wait to see their first show.
Tom was out for a walk. It started to rain. His socks got wet. Tom felt gross about it. He went home and changed.
Cynthia really liked horses. However she was afraid of heights and couldn't ride one. She decided to work with horses anyway and took care of them. One day, a fire broke out and she had to ride a horse to get away. She realized she wasn't dizzy and was proud to have overcome her fear.
The man owned a store. His prices were high. People were comparing prices on their phones. It was costing him money. He blocked the cell signals in his store.
Jack lived in a bad neighborhood. He installed security cameras. He felt safer knowing they would deter criminals. Jack checked the cameras every day. He felt good about keeping his family safe.
Cassandra was trying to fish. She usually got one or two bites but tonight nothing. She wasn't sure the cause, but she tried throwing in some food. Soon more fish began swimming around. She tried again and luckily nabbed a couple.
Kim was a bored housewife. She would spend hours every day shopping. Soon, her closets were full of things she didn't wear. She decided she needed to stop shopping. She cut up her credit cards and stopped going to the mall.
Dan lived next to a lady that owned a motorcycle. Dan thought it was cool that she owned a motorcycle. However, Dan did not appreciate the noisy motorcycle waking him up. Also, Dan did not appreciate smoke from the motorcycle as well. Dan became unhappy with the fact his neighbor owned a motorcycle.
The Smith family were preparing for Christmas. They needed to get a new tree. They bought a large pine tree from Walmart. They set the tree in their living room. Afterwards, they decorated the tree and put a star on top.
One day Gina decided to enroll in a ballet class. She started having fun the very first day. She got better as she took more classes. Eventually she competed in a tournament. She ended up winning!
Two teenagers decided to go see a movie. After the movie, they were bored. They realized that they could just walk into another movie. They knew it was wrong but did it anyways. A worker caught them sneaking in and they were kicked out.
When we were younger we went to Cape Cod. We went out on a boat to go deep sea fishing. Even though I was only seven years old, I caught a huge flounder. We had them filet it and prepare it for us. It was so delicious when we took it home to be cooked.
Michele has 3 beagles. They are her life she loves them like they are her children. One of her dogs just had a stroke. She took her to the vet and the vet explained all the options. Michele told them to do whatever they needed to save her.
Pamela and Sue live next-door to Robert. Robert is the meanest kid on the block. Pamela and Sue devised a way to get even with Robert. They rigged a bucket of cold water over his front door. Unfortunately it was Robert's mother that went through the door first.
David was making a frozen pizza. It was time to take the pizza out of the oven. David tried to quickly take the pizza out without gloves on. He burned himself and dropped the pizza on the floor. David learned his lesson to always wear gloves from now on.
Kelvin began journaling his inner thoughts and feelings in a diary. He hid his secret diary under his desk. Kelvin's brother discovered it one day while seeking a game. Kelvin's brother taunted Kelvin endlessly about its contents. Kelvin stopped journaling his thoughts and feelings altogether.
Val sat at Ali's table during lunch. The girls had been enemies for far too long. Val was on her best behavior while at lunch. When lunch was over Ali's friend June congratulated Ali. She was impressed by Ali's capacity to forgive.
Tina used rolled oats to make oatmeal for breakfast. But her friend said steel cut oats were better. Tina decided to try them. But she wasn't used to its chewiness. Over time, however, Tina liked steel cut oats.
Hillary saw her nose in the mirror one day and decided she hated it. She looked up a local plastic surgeon and made an appointment. She drove to the place for her appointment and got ready. The surgeon put her under and then went to work on her. When Hillary woke up, she had a brand new nose and a bandaged face.
Tom and Emily were going to have a baby! Tom wanted a boy and Emily wanted a girl. They decided to not find out the sex beforehand. On delivery day, each parent got what they wanted. Emily gave birth to twins!
Lucy was cleaning the basement with her grandpa. She heard scurrying in a corner. She caught a glimpse of a mouse. Lucy was afraid of mice. She ran up the stairs and slammed the door to the basement.
Sam wanted to make this one white bean soup really bad. The problem was that he didn't have all the ingredients. After looking in his fridge he found some good ones. He put all the ingredients he thought would work instead. After hours of cooking the soup it came out amazing.
Sam was drinking home alone. He ran out of beer sooner than expected. Sam wanted to get more. Unfortunately he was too drunk to drive. Sam decided to just go to sleep instead.
Dad went shopping for a new car. He picked out a red one because he always wanted a red car. He also picked out a stick shift because it felt like a race car. The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname. I called it dad's red rocket.
Vivian and Aunt Hilda are getting ready to go to the grocery. When they were almost ready, Aunt Hilda suddenly stopped. She started running around the house, looking for the keys, She looked in her hands, and there were there. Vivian couldn't stop laughing for Aunt Hilda looked embarrassed.
Working at Whataburger is a great job for students like Tom. Tom loves that they serve great food and offer flexible schedules. He told all of his friends how great his job is. Now all of his friends want a job at Whataburger with him. He is excited to work with some of his friends because it will be fun!
Alice was a teacher at an elementary school. Alice stepped out into the hall to talk to another teacher. Her class became extremely loud. Alice stepped back into the room. Alice punished the class by keeping them in for recess.
Rachel was reading a book to her son. She turned the page and saw a big mark. She asked her son and he admitted that he had drawn in the book. Rachel threatened to take away his markers. He apologized and never did it again.
Nate was a successful farmer in Gold Springs. He still wasn't satisfied in life. One day, he decided to change his business plan for a boost. So instead of selling his fruit, he decided to open his own market. He soon had the highest selling market in Gold Springs.
Tom wanted to make a difference. He noticed there was a lot of trash by a lake. He decided to clean it up whenever he could. Tom would clean up the area once a week. After a few months it looked much better.
The family went on a boat tour. They saw a dolphin swimming along behind them. It would jump in and out of the water. Then it swam away quickly. It had been an amazing sight to see!
Paul walked to his friend's house to ride to school with him. But after continually ringing the doorbell, no one answered. Eventually, his friend came to the door in a grumpy mood. And Paul remembered that it was Veteran's Day. Paul felt bad and bought his friend lunch later.
Alice was very sick. She wasn't sure where she had caught her illness, but it was bad. She went to the doctor and he gave her some antibiotics. She took a pill every day until they were gone, just as she was told. She was better in short order thanks to following the directions.
Tina was hiking with her sister. They were crossing a river. They got stuck on a rock with a copperhead. There was no way for them to get away. Tina had to kill the snake with a stick.
David asked Edmund if he would play videogames with him. Edmund accepted the offer. David had to wait a few minutes while the game updated. David's game updated. David was furious when Edmund started without him.
Martin was directing a movie. It got delayed. All of the actors to appear in the movie were anxious. Martin finally scored funding and the movie continued on. But the leading actor died before the movie could be completed.
Nicole and Grace were playing one day. They found the scissors. Grace decided to give Nicole a haircut. Nicole's was all crooked. Nicole had to go to the beauty shop and got her hair fixed.
Winter had arrived in Minnesota. The local kids spent a lot of time at the skating rink. They would skate in circles every day for hours. Sometimes they would play hockey. The skating rink was a fun place to play in the winter!
Ben wanted to become a great basketball player. Ben went to the gym every day over the summer, practicing. Ben ran drills and worked on his free throws. Ben tried out for the team at his school the following year. Ben made the team as a starting point guard!
When Amy was little she always said she wanted to be president. As she grew up her secret desire remained, but she never said it. As an adult she worked hard and ended up managing a large bank. On her fifth anniversary there she attended a large bank meeting. And she almost cried - because they had made her president!
I took an exam last week. It was very difficult. The last question was very hard to do. I was not able to finish the test in the amount of time I was given. I felt bad about it for a few days.
I am an illustrator. I draw and upload a lot of my artwork on social media. One day, my hard work paid off and a girl noticed my work. She asked me to draw a picture of her and her sister. I drew the portrait, which she liked, and paid me my first commission.
A black crow bird flew in our house yesterday. The crow bird spread its wings and scared everyone. We threw a net over the bird's head. The bird screamed and yelled bloody murder. We took the bird outside to fly but it died.
Jed and his family went to the zoo one day. After a minute of walking around, they stumbled across zoo monkeys. They began to talk to the monkeys who became very angry. The monkeys began to throw their feces at the family. Jed and his family fled and walked to a different animal cage.
Katy found a package in front of her door. She was not expecting any packages. She was curious as to what was inside. She opened it as soon as she brought it inside. It was a necklace from her secret admirer.
I bumped my elbow on the table. It hurt so much I let out a howl. My daughter was staring at me and my son was laughing. I made some stupid joke to mask the residual pain. Then I started to say grace.
Gina was chasing a boy around the class to get her pencil back. But he was too fast for her. Her friend Tami joined in the chase. The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy. Gina realized they needed to come up with a plan to catch the boy.
There was a large thunderstorm outside. The house experienced a brown out. My family and I had to conserve electricity. This consisted of using firewood to cook food and reusing water. The electricity was restored once the storm was over.
One day we went out to pick wild blackberries. It was very, very hot. My daughter had to sit down and rest. She saw a butterfly on the grass. She put out her hand and the butterfly climbed on her finger!
Mike decided to spend the sunny afternoon in the park. When he got to the park, he got a corn dog from the vendor. After lunch, he decided to walk to the pond. He spent most of his time feeding the ducks. Mike had a wonderful afternoon at the park.
Jessica like to wear bracelets. One time she jumped up to stand upon a ledge. While jumping she swung her arms. Her bracelet flew off and broke. She cried and was upset.
Jane thought she was pregnant. She took a test to make sure. It turned out she wasn't pregnant. It was still a scary experience. Jane decided to get on birth control.
I ran into class about twenty minutes late. I had missed the beginning of the lecture. The teacher told me he would lock me out next time. Frustrated, I sat down and listened. After class, I told him I didn't appreciate his condescension.
Carlin is a car dealer. He goes to help a customer. He upsells the customer to a Cadillac. Carlin is happy because he'll receive a bonus. The customer is happy with Carlin as his car dealer.
Allie was scared for her history test today. The test was about the Roman Empire. She had studied all night long and still felt nervous. As soon as she walked in the classroom she felt nauseous. However once she took the test it wasn't as bad as she thought.
The other night I made gravy to go with our meal. I kept adding flour to the mix, but it just wouldn't thicken. I added more butter, more milk, more drippings. I finally decided to taste it. I discovered that I had been using powdered sugar and not flour!
Sam saw his friend walking across the street. Sam took out a rubber band and pulled it taut. Once his friend was in range he let go. The rubber band hit the friend in the face. Sam laughed at his friend's pain.
Bounce, bounce went Dottie on the trampoline. She could see over the fence into the neighbor's yard. There was something sparkly over there. It was a jump rope. Dottie made up her mind to go retrieve it.
To make some extra money a man began to sell off some of his things. He made so much money that he kept the sale going. He eventually sold all the belongings he owned. A businessman heard of his success of selling things. The businessman offered the man a salesman job which was accepted.
The Quattlebaum family wanted to go spend some quality time together. They decided to go to the movies. They realized they all needed to agree on a movie to watch. Finally the agreed on something. The Quattlebaum family enjoyed their quality time together.
Tariq notices that his phone is becoming slower. He decides he needs a new one. Tariq buys a great new phone. He loves it. Tariq is happy to have a fast new phone.
Christine planned to go travel all over Africa that summer. She got all her shots before leaving the country. She had a good time until she felt sick. She went to a doctor afraid to have caught a bad disease. But the doctor laughed and told her it was a cold.
My wife saw a video on cooking mac and cheese with bacon. She wanted to eat the dish. Unfortunately she cannot cook bacon. I am disabled. We settled on something else to eat for dinner.
One night, I was sleeping. Suddenly, I felt something crawling on me. I turned on the light and looked at my chest. It was a cockroach! I screamed and killed it with a magazine.
Tony's favorite pizza shop was set to be demolitioned. He had visited it since he was a kid and wanted to memorialize it. He decided to go to see it the night before the demo. He enjoyed a meal and even took some souvenirs. The next morning, he watched the demolition sadly.
My 19 year old niece is a college sophomore. She started classes this week. She had a physical at the clinic. She got nervous when they tested her blood sugar. She was fine.
Tom was a college student. He had an upcoming exam. He was studying in his room. His roommate was making noise. Tom went to the library for a quiet environment to study.
Will was playing a game with his family. During the game, Will made a move against his brother. His brother was furious about the outcome and didn't want to play. They tried to stop him but he left the room. Because of him, they all had to end the game.
Harold had been fishing under his favorite tree all day. He had fallen asleep for a while. When he woke up something was stuck to his face. He started to pick it off. He could not believe a bird had pooped on him.
When my father died, he left to my brother his car and all his money. All he left me was a box containing his Bible. It seems like he never cared about me and always favored my brother. I took the Bible home and dropped it by mistake. Hidden in the pages of the Bible was the deed to the mansion.
Lester notices that he beard is getting messy. He decides to use a pair of scissors to trim it. Lester neatly trims his whole beard. Once he is finished, it looks much better. Lester is glad that his bear no longer looks messy.
Gina cut strips of fabric into squares. She sewed them together in a checkerboard pattern. Gina layered the fabric on soft batting. She stitched everything together to make a quilt. Gina gave the quilt to her niece as a birthday gift.
Tony needed to get gas on his way home. He only had enough money to fill half of his tank. When he went to pay for it, he was didn't owe anything. Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him. Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home.
Two cats were standing next to each other. They looked at a piece of meat on the ground. One cat went in to grab the meat. The other cat scratched the paw away. The two cats fought while a dog grabbed the meat and ran away!
My sister-in-law Bea rarely goes out into the lobby. She drives her car into the garage and goes home. Today we were shocked. Bea was in the lobby. She was waiting for a friend.
Jamie was in love with her man. Trouble is her man was illegal. Jamie had raised a family with her immigrant husband. The day had finally come. Jamie's husband was deported back to Mexico and Jamie said Goodbye.
Harry was hired to do data entry for a tech company. His friends at the company were doing things that interested him. He began to ask them what they were doing and his coworker taught him. Harry began to learn to code and his boss was very impressed. One day his boss called him into the office and offered him a job.
When i was in the fifth grade, me and the guys camp out all night. Everyone brought their sleeping bags. We sit around the fire and sing songs. Late at night when everyone seems to be asleep. I am relaxed in my sleeping bag watching the stars as they twinkle.
Tom went to a new church. It was full and a lot of fun. He started going more often. So did a lot of other people. Eventually Tom wasn't able to fit anymore.
My friend Joe lived our condo complex in 1993. Joe tapped into a cable box and stole the feed. The company suspected and sent a rep to Joe's unit. Joe's wife refused to let the rep into her condo. Joe disconnected the feed that night.
Lydia was wearing white pants one day at work. She was eating spaghetti for lunch. She spilt tomato sauce on her pants. Lydia shrugged it off. She told everyone that the stains were a fashion statement.
Betty decided to go to the world's biggest pillow fight with friends. They assured her the pillow fight would be tons of fun. Betty ran into the massive fight smiling and ready. She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly. Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea.
Annie stood at the table eyeing her fabric with the ruler. Satisfied it was correct, she readied her rotary cutter. Annie was unprepared for how quickly the blade spun. Near the end of the cut, Annie's finger got in the way. Blood oozed from the small wound made by the blade.
Sammy wanted a toy truck to play with. His mommy told him she would try to buy him one. On his birthday he got a cake, but no toy truck! He tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night. Then he saw, on his bed, a brand new toy truck waiting for him!
I was in front of school waiting for my friend. A few minutes later, my girlfriend ran after me. Although I was, scared, I asked her if there's anything wrong. Someone told her that I cheated on her. I tried to convince her that it was a lie, but she ended up hitting me.
Gina's crush sat behind her in class. He was rude. And way more obnoxious than she had realized. She began to dread seeing him. Gina realized he wasn't her type after all.
The kids had a pet snake. He was six feet long and black. They fed him frozen mice. They decided to take him in for show and tell. All their classmates loved seeing the snake!
Tom always dreamed of being a professional wrestler. He practiced every chance he got. Unfortunately he got his girlfriend pregnant in high-school. Tom was forced to get a job to support them. He kept watching professional wrestling on television.
My 21 year old niece came home to Massachusetts for winter break. She is a junior at a college in Ohio. She spent two weeks in Massachusetts. She drove back alone on January 2nd. It took 12 hours for her to go back to Ohio.
Ella was a new student at her local college. She didn't know anyone, until a boy invited her to a frat party. She was nervous, but she went to the party and made a few new friends. On her way home from the party, one of the boys tried to kiss her! Ella laughed him off, but secretly she was flattered!
Bryce and his friends never listened in class. They were always too busy goofing off. One day in chemistry class, the teacher instructed them on safety. As per usual, Bryce wasn't listening. He regretted that when he sustained a bad chemical burn.
Ollie just wanted some more porridge. The headmistress said he could only have one bowl. Ollie snuck some more anyway. He ate and was full for the first time in months. He hated being at the boarding school.
My FB friend Tasha had an affair with a married man for 10 years. He broke it off this year. Tasha was devastated. Today she posted photos on FB as if they were still together. I feel bad for Tasha.
Jordan's curtains were dirty. He decided to wash the curtains. Jordan put the curtains in the dryer. The backing of the curtains melted onto the fabric. Jordan had to buy new curtains.
Tom always wondered if he'd ever see Sue again. She had decided to marry someone else and they had moved far away. Now, she was divorced and would be coming to the class reunion. Tom and Sue spent most of the reunion talking with each other. The two reunited lovebirds have been together ever since.
Chrissy used to hate cleaning day, but that changed on Saturday. She started the day washing dishes and dusting. Then, she began to clean out old boxes in her attic. When she opened a box of books, a $100 bill fell out! Now, she is looking forward to cleaning more on next Saturday.
My friends came over to my house and wanted to have a bonfire. I told them it was way too hot out but they insisted! It took awhile to convince me but eventually I gave in. We set up everything for the fire and it turned out well. We all had a great time sitting around the fire, just telling stories!
Jane always wanted to be a musician. She put out songs online and one got really popular. Jane thought she had struck fame. Unfortunately it got popular ironically. Everyone made fun of it and she quit trying.
Larry had an excellent job. He was an accountant at an established firm. His bonus this year allowed him to take a vacation with his family. Larry decided to take his family on a cruise in Mexico. His family was very appreciative of Larry's hard work.
There was an old man who collected cans. He collected cans to make spare change. One day he got many dozen of them. He turned them in and got enough money for food. On his way out he gave the food to a homeless man.
Halie volunteers with foster children on the weekends. She found the work very fulfilling. She decided to go back to school to pursue another degree. She graduated with her masters degree in social work. She now works as a foster care social worker for the state of Texas.
Kim was on her way to work. She went to drink some coffee from her thermos. It was cold and gross. She noticed she got the wrong thermos. She turned around for the right one.
Anna hated showing her legs. But she was going to the theme park and it was ninety degrees! She compromised and wore capri pants. She thought people would stare at her fat legs, but nobody did. She ended up feeling very comfortable!
Jack got up in the morning. He rode his bike to school. He took his test. He did his best and got an A. That was how jack spent his day.
Rita was really sick of her mother's hypochondriacal ways. Her mother was constantly seeing the doctor for vague complaints. One day, Rita refused to take her mom to the doctor for a mild cough. Days later, they found out her mother actually had pneumonia! She vowed to never interfere with her mother's health decisions again.
Rob visits a local mall in the afternoon. He enters a shoe store to browse the selection. Rob finds a pair of shoes that he wants to buy. He pays for the shoes at the cash register. He leaves the store happy with joy.
Kate wanted a new bike. But her parents wouldn't buy one. She saw one she could afford at a garage sale. But there were spots of rust on it. She decided with a coat of paint it would look like new.
There once was a pig named Truffles Duvalle. Because of it's amazing name, it was treated as royalty. Truffles went to extravagant parties. At one such party, Truffles was shocked to discover the menu. Truffles was destined to be the main course.
Bill was a musician. He played the guitar and lived to swing his long hair around. Bill was informed that his niece had cancer and was losing her hair. He wanted to show his support so he cut all his hair off. Bill took his hair and had a nice wig made for his niece.
Janice loved potatoes. She made them every day. One day, she ate potatoes for every meal. Her mom said she would have potatoes growing out of her ears soon. She tried to cut back but she just couldn't.
Liz went for a walk. She saw a dog that wasn't on a leash. The dog ran up to her. The dog bit her! She is afraid of dogs now.
I returned home late. I was hungry, but only had bread. I looked through the pantry, and found some garlic powder. Using some old butter, I was able to prepare garlic toast. After I toasted the bread, I was able to enjoy garlic toast.
Allison was eating pizza. The pizza was hot. She bit into her slice of pizza. Allison burned the roof of her mouth. She had trouble eating for the rest of the day.
Kris lost her job. She was sad at first. She looked for a new job. She got an interview. Kris got a new job!
Ted is out working on his car. While bending over to look under the car his back snaps. Ted cannot move and is unbearable pain. He yells for his wife to come help him. She helps him up and drives him to the hospital.
My mother bought a new chair the other day. She asked me to come over and help her move it inside. The chair was really big and hard to move. It took all afternoon, but we finally got it inside. She was so happy to finally sit in her new chair!
Brett was eating soup at a restaurant. He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably. He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup. Brett ran to the kitchen asking for rice. After find the chef, he placed his phone in a bowl of rice.
I recently ordered a steam mop online. I was more excited than I should be to get a cleaning implement. When it arrived however it had clearly been previously used. It was supposed to be a new item so I sent it back right away. I did finally get a refund but I still feel so annoyed!
Randy was the quarterback of the high school football team. They were the number one team in the state. Randy was in the championship game when he got hurt. Another player had collided with him and he broke his leg. Unfortunately, Randy's team lost the championship without him.
I was flying to Tampa. The stewardess announced the pilot was sick. She asked if anyone on board knew how to fly a plane. I said I did. I flew us safely home.
The car did not want to start. The driver looked around. The driver checked the dashboard. A light was flashing. The car needed new oil.
Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket. In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair. One day her phone fell from her pocket to the floor. Amy attempted to turn the phone on, but the screen stayed black. Amy's phone was broken and needed to be replaced.
James wanted to play outside in the snow. He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding. He pulled his old, red sled out of the garage. He went careening down the hill on his sled. James couldn't wait to go sledding again!
Greg ended a work shift fed up with his job. He called his boss from the break room phone and told him he quit. Greg then unburdened himself to his boss, detailing his problems. Greg felt better and returned to work the following Monday. Greg's boss told Greg that he no longer worked there.
Last Sunday I went to church with my family. The service was pleasant and brief. The preacher spoke about some interesting things. It really peaked my interest. I plan on going back this coming Sunday.
I moved to a new city. I went with the first mechanic I could find. He did a terrible job. My friend recommended a better mechanic. I have used that one ever since.
Chris woke up and went downstairs, coughing harshly. His mom looked at him with concern and asked what was wrong. Chris said he felt sick and thought he should probably stay home. His mom said she hadn't forgotten today was his oral report. Caught, Chris confessed he was just trying to get out of it.
My friend Joe loves classical music. He told a story about how he was listening to Beethoven. His cousin came in and said it was a good tune. He was angry because she was not worshipful to the music. I told Joe was a music snob.
He didn't practice at all. Jim thought he could wing everything, and that included the concert. He got on stage and took a deep breath at his piano ready to fail. All of a sudden a fire alarm went off. Everyone had to leave the auditorium and the recital was cancelled.
Merry needed to find a job to make her monthly car payment. Merry looking through the wants ads and found a staffing agency. Merry called the staffing agency and scheduled an interview. Merry went to the staffing agency interview successfully. The staffing agency placed Merry in a job she loved.
Hailey wants a bohemian dress for her back to school wardrobe. Her mother searched a few stores by herself and could not find one. Hailey was sad that they could not find the dress that she wanted. Hailey's mom decided to start looking online for the dress. Soon they found one, ordered it, and Hailey was happy again.
Lance was ready to make it on the baseball team. He was currently in his try out. He needed to put on a good performance. Lance was going to prove he belong. Lance shined bright and earned his spot on the team.
Sam was at the local bar. They had a pinball machine. He loved playing those. Sam got quarters and started to play. He was so good a small crowd started to gather around him.
Dan's phone was taken by a teacher when he was texting in class. Dan hurried home hoping the teacher hadn't already called his mom. When Dan arrived his mom was on the phone. She reprimanded Dan for being disrespectful to the teacher. Dan was grounded for a month as a punishment.
Sheala loved muffins. She would only ever eat the tops of them. She knew she wasn't the only one who wasted the muffin bottoms. She decided to open up a bakery called Muffintop. It is a huge success and now the number one bakery.
Bobby was a doorman at a fancy hotel. He enjoyed his job a great deal. He never had to make small talk with anyone. He was often tipped for almost no work at all. When Bobby was promoted, it made him unhappy.
Arlene recently experienced a severe thunderstorm. The experience of the storm, left Arlene feeling fearful. Arlene was afraid that she could potentially be hurt by the storm. However, Arlene made it through the storm safely. Arlene did not want to experience another storm like that again.
Barry is out shopping at the store. While in the store he notices and old lady drop all her things. He walks over to the older lady. He helps pick up all the things she dropped. The old woman thanked Barry for the nice gesture.
Ben has never been to Japan. He has always wanted to visit Tokyo. Ben saved up enough money for his Tokyo trip. Ben spent a whole week in Tokyo. He enjoyed every minute of it.
Dan needed some quick cash. He decided to go by his bank. He tried to take money out of the ATM but it was broken. Dan had to go in to do it. They apologized to him for the inconvenience.
Nick loved bird watching. He spent many hours of his free time watching birds. Nick noticed some bluebirds in his backyard one day. He decided to build a bird house for them. Some weeks later he was delighted to see a bluebird was nesting in it.
Wood was always good at the viola. He had practiced every day since has 8. Now, he could play any song. One day he found a song he couldn't play. After a lot of hard work, Wood was able to play the song.
Tom was excited about his upcoming vacation to Hawaii. Tom bought a week's supply of brightly colored Hawaiian shirts. Then Tom learned his vacation was cancelled due to tropical storms. Tom figured he may as well start wearing those crazy shirts anyway. Tom's co-workers still tease him to this day for wearing those shirts!
Recently, someone dumped a box of kittens near the highway. A woman from my friend's work rescued them. She told my friend she had kittens who needed a home. My friend has a soft spot for kittens, so she took one. Now she has a new kitten.
Laura wanted some eggs for breakfast! We didn't have any eggs in the house so she was upset. I offered to go buy some but she told me I'd buy the wrong ones. So I drove Laura to the store so she could buy her eggs. Laura came home and enjoyed eggs for breakfast!
Last Saturday morning, I was busy doing laundry in our garage. Our washer and dryer is out there because the house is small. My cat Lucy was keeping me company while I folded the whites. Suddenly I heard an awful loud screeching sound! Lucy had a huge gray rat in her mouth that was singing it's last song.
Liz always loved celebrating her birthday. It was one of the most important days of the year in her eyes. When the month started she wanted everyone to wish her happy bday! So everyone made sure to make it special. They always had to remember so she wouldn't be upset.
Bob's friends dared Bob to eat a rotten banana. Bob accepted the dare. Bob quickly devoured the rotten banana. He had won the dare! Unfortunately, the banana made him sick for a whole week.
I went to see a counselor before. He said that a family friend molested me. I read in a book that therapists can manipulate memories. I went to confront him about it. He said that he would take the fall for it.
Tiffany wanted to buy a new house. She'd only rented before, and wasn't sure what she needed to do. To guide her, Tiffany hired a Realtor. The Realtor explained that she needed savings to make a down payment. Tiffany realized she could not buy a house, and started saving money.
In 1958 two brothers borrowed $600 from their mother. They used that money to open the first Pizza Hut. Now Pizza Hut is one of the biggest pizza chains in the world. There have been some bumps along the way. But the brothers are now worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Rob and Mary go camping. After a long day hiking they go to sleep. Mary is frightened by sound of booming thunder. She and Rob leave the campground in a hurry. They spend the night safely in a motel.
Yesterday was a very hot day. My friends and I were so hot that we went to the ice cream shop. The ice cream cooled us down, but not enough. We didn't know what to do, until Stace said we should go swimming. There's no day so hot that swimming can't fix it!
Today I threw a rock at a bird. I missed the bird entirely. I accidentally hit my dad's window and it broke. My dad is going to be mad when he gets home. I hope my dad does not ground me for breaking the window.
Johnny had a bunch of work he had to do. He really didn't want to spend the time to do it though. Johnny let himself get distracted by every little thing. He spent days playing games and reading books. Johnny finally got the work done but it was of poor quality.
Kelly was eating a bowl of strawberries yesterday. However to her dismay, something strange happened. She realized that she was allergic to the berries. Her arms started breaking out in hives. Kelly immediately ran to the doctor.
Tom needed to do a book report. He didn't have enough time to read the entire book. He read the wikipedia page on it. Tom then gave a basic overview. It was enough for a passing grade.
Kate washed her favorite jeans. She tried wearing them again. They had shrunk quite a bit. Kate tried to break them back in. Unfortunately she was fatter and it didn't work.
Mary was cooking for her boyfriend Tom who was a chef. She looked a lot of recipes to she what was good. When she was cooking it came out terrible. Her boyfriend decided to help her. Dinner came out terrific and they both enjoyed the night.
Amy hated her English class. She convinced Beth to skip the class and go to the park. The girls sat on the swings staring at the school across the street. A truancy office confronted the girls about not being in class. The girls were escorted back to the school by the officer.
Richard liked pretending to be a Native American. His mom bought him a teepee. It sat in his bedroom. He would climb inside it and read books and play. It was his favorite thing in his room!
James woke up very early in the morning. He didn't realise it was so early because he didn't have a clock. James woke his Mummy up and she told him to go back to bed. He went back to bed and fell asleep. When he woke up again it was very late and he had overslept.
I had a GI Joe stolen when I was a kid. My cousin stole it. We were playing with them in the dirt. He buried my favorite GI Joe. I never found him.
I talked to a friend yesterday. `. He told me that he signed up for an experiment for psychology. I asked him what it was about. He told me that it was a brain scan. He got paid 20 dollars for the study.
Ike wanted to drop by the arcade after class. He had a few quarters to spare. He won a few tickets from the ski ball machine. He turned in his tickets for a cheap plastic ring. He had fun with his short detour home.
Nelly stepped on a nail while playing outside with friends. She tried to clean the wound and then bandaged it. Nell was scared of doctors, so she kept the injury secret. Then, Nell's mom noticed she was limping badly. Nell cried all the way to the doctor's office.
A little girl asked for a pet for her birthday. She did not know what kind of pet she wanted. Her parents surprised her and bought her a puppy. They gave her the puppy after her other gifts. The girl was very happy with her new pet.
Nee was running a race. She was very close with the leading runner. Then she had a burst of speed. Nee hurried to overtake her opponent and take the lead. Nee managed to cross the finish line first and win the race!
Leah is nervous about her flight while she waits in the terminal. A man comes up and starts hitting on her. Luckily for Leah, she doesn't have to sit next to him on the flight. She deplanes, and he begins hitting on her again. Leah lets him down and quickly leaves.
Maddie knew that staying home alone wasn't a good idea. The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying. In the middle of the new story, the lights flickered out. Maddie heard a window shatter, and floorboards creak. A shadowy figure emerged from the hallway, brandishing a noose
Erin was sitting at home doing homework. While he was busy writing, he noticed a roach climb on his paper. He jumped and tried to get away. Erin reached for the bug spray in his cupboard. By the time he came back, the bug had escaped.
One day while mowing the lawn Kevin sees something moving. He stops the mower and looks to see what it is. To his amazement it is a very large green snake. Kevin runs into the house to tell her parents. Kevin's parents come out and remove the snake from the yard.
Mike went for a walk outside. About 10 minutes later, it started to rainy. Mike ran for cover to try and stay dry. He found some shelter under a bridge in the park. Once it ended, he resumed his walk under the newly formed rainbow.
I'm at my favorite restaurant. I order my usual meal. The waiter was prompt and nice. He refilled my drink without me asking. I made sure to give him a big tip.
Thomas' dog Lily wanted to go for a walk in the park. Tom took Lily to Central Park in the sunny afternoon. He stopped by a hot dog cart and got a bite to eat. While eating he sat on a bench with Lily looking at the sun. After lunch, the two had a nice game of catch.
Ana was snorkeling on vacation. She was enjoying herself greatly. Then her snorkel dipped into the water, causing her to choke. Ana coughed and spluttered, frightened. She decided snorkeling wasn't so much fun anymore.
Kate has to visit the hospital to see her husband. Something happened at work to her husband and Kate is scared. She gets there to find he just needed stitches. Kate is relieved, and her husband apologizes for scaring her. Kate now realizes how important her husband is to her.
A man stared at Bob from across the bar. Bob stared back. The man took this as a sign of aggression. He approached Bob quickly. Bob punched him in the face.
Tom worked at the prison. Everyone there seemed to like him. One day a small riot broke out. Everyone made sure to leave Tom alone. Tom was grateful to survive.
Tycho turned his Popsicle upside down. He tried to eat it stick side first. His mom turned it rightside up. Tycho started crying. His mom let him eat it upside down.
The man head his head. He got a bump there. He became concerned. He called his wife. His wife told him it was just a welt.
Regina recently started working for the transit authority. Her primary focus was managing the train schedule. She found numerous inefficiencies. She drafted a proposal and presented it to her superiors. Now the trains run more efficiently.
Jenny was pregnant with her first child. However, she was gaining a large amount of weight. Jenny felt confused, since she had been watching what she ate. She went to the doctor's office to find out what was happening. The doctor told her she was pregnant with twins.
Burt made a nice dinner for his friend. His friend never showed up for dinner. Burt ate his dinner and saved the rest in the fridge. Burt wrapped the saved dinner in some wrapping paper. He left the wrapped dinner on his friend's porch the next morning.
Joe was invited to skydive with his sister. He hated heights but agreed to go. He was nervous about going. His nervousness intensified when he jumped out the plane. However he had a good time .
Jodie got a new video game. Her brother wanted to play it. They got into a fight and got in trouble. After sitting in timeout Jodie and her brother made up. They played Jodie's new video game together and found it was fun.
Sally bought a book from the library. She opened it to page 3. She read the words but they didn't make since to her. She looked at the cover. She got a Chinese book by accident.
Felix was playing in the school playground. While playing on the slide, a bee flew up to him and stung him. Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain. His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him. After a few hours, Felix began to feel a little better.
Jamie was never very popular at school. He was always picked on and left out. One day he decided to prank the mean kids at school. The plan was successful. The mean kids were covered in glue and confetti for hours at school.
I took my pile of change to an exchange machine. After the machine received my change, it converted it to cash. $21 dollars came out. I invited my girlfriend to dinner. I used the money I got from the machine.
Jane's dog woke up with a cough. She gave her baby cough medicine. The cough did not get better. Jane had to take her to the vet. The dog had bronchitis.
Paul was out preaching the gospel. Someone told him he was a Satanist. Paul asked what they believed. The man told Paul they just lived a life of debauchery. Paul was intrigued and asked for more information.
Our granddaughter turned two in April. Her parents are always teaching her. They are trying to get her count and read. Today they taught her to spell her name. They were very proud and sent us a video.
The Smith family were taking a road trip. Suddenly traffic on the interstate ground to a halt. They saw several emergency vehicles drive by on the shoulder. It took almost 2 hours to travel the 3 miles to the next exit. They later learned that an accident had closed I 80 for several hours.
I worked in downtown Boston in 2010. I went out to lunch with my work colleagues on day. We saw a falcon flying around. It dove and killed a pigeon. We were amazed.
Laura wrote a letter to her friend. She addressed it and put it in the mailbox. The next day, the letter was still there. Laura had forgotten to put a stamp on the letter. Laura put a stamp on the letter.
The Smith family was eating dinner. The electricity went out. It wouldn't be fixed for hours. They decided to have family time for fun. They did it under candle light and had fun.
Mary was home alone because her parents were on a trip. She began getting scared as night approached. She was too scared to fall asleep. And she stayed up until 5 AM. Mary woke up to the sound of her parents' voices in the morning.
The snowstorm hit hard last week. A lot of the roads are still out of commission. My driveway is all covered. I started clearing it out a bit. Then it started snowing again.
Earl's brother called for tech support from his mobile phone company. They sent Earl the support email meant for his brother. He decided to play a prank on his brother. Earl typed a really nasty review of the phone service as him. The phone company terminated his account, making his brother unhappy.
Ned left the bar one night, tipsy and tired. He was pulled over on his way home, for speeding. The cop breathalyzed Ned and then arrested him. Ned had to call his family for bail in the morning. He was humiliated and dejected.
Ashley was a star high school student. She was an A+ student in almost all of her subjects, except math. Ashley had a big math test coming up and was afraid of failing. She chose to cheat on the test by writing the answers on her arm. Ashley felt guilty when she got an A+ on her test because she cheated.
Kevin was nervous because it was his first day at a new school. He entered the building and looked for his classroom. In the first period, Kevin discovered some other kids were new, too. He struck up a conversation with the other new kids. The day suddenly got easier now that he met some possible friends.
Tony was looking forward to seeing Hamilton. He had gotten tickets after waiting in line for hours. He had been dying to see it since it hit Broadway. When the night arrived, he was so excited. It was just as amazing as he expected it to be.
They sat at a long table. They waited while the server came through. The child laughed at the whole chicken on his plate. He smiled at the men on horses. He was having a good time.
The man wanted tickets. He tried to buy some. They were sold out. He went to the concert anyways. He bought a ticket outside the concert.
Fred trained to get the gold medal in the 100 meter dash. In the practice trials he could tell that he wasn't fast enough. The day before the race, Fred hired a hit man. The hit man attacked Fred's biggest competition. The next day, Fred easily won the gold medal.
Rita and Katie were looking for the moon. They both wanted to see the moon first. Katie ran around looking at the sky. She fell down from running too fast. They went inside before they saw the moon.
My girlfriend I saved money for a concert. We bought the tickets early online. The next day, we made our way out to the venue. We stood in line for the show. Inside, we got first row seats.
I arrived home yesterday and got a big surprise. My husband had thrown me a surprise party. All of my friends were at the party. I ate and talked and danced and had plenty of fun. It was the best birthday I've ever had.
Clara loved cheating on her boyfriend. One day he saw her leaving his best friend's house. He confronted her as soon as he saw her. Clara lied and said nothing happened. Luckily, Clara's boyfriend believed her.
Today was my first day volunteering in my son's classroom. It was exciting to see what he and his classmates did during the day. I helped and listened to a few kids read books. It was a wonderful experience. I look forward to doing it again next month.
Jessie was on a whale watching cruise. She hadn't seen any animals and was beginning to feel sick. Suddenly, she had to run into the bathroom. When she came out, everyone said that she had missed the whales. They didn't see anymore for the rest of the trip and Jessie was upset.
Mitchell is on the beach. Mitchell trips in the sand. Mitchell looks to see what tripped him. He uncovers something special. He uncovers a chest with lots of gold inside.
Baylee was playing with her brother one afternoon. Her brother was not playing fair. Baylee found a ladybug crawling on the window. She picked up the ladybug. Baylee walked over and shoved the ladybud in her brother's mouth.
His niece was only three but she was going to start dance class. She kept dancing around the room. So her uncle said, ok, let's do lifts. And she ran over to him and he lifted her up like she was flying. The smile on her face was huge,and she loved it.
Sue got a new puppy. It was supposed to teach responsibility. She bought it a new collar. She got her food. Sue set a schedule for the puppy and learned new skills.
Maxwell went to the zoo with his mom. They went to the aquarium to see the penguins and sharks. While they were in the aquarium exhibit they saw seahorses. The seahorses had big bellies. The seahorses had baby seahorses inside!
Esther was having a baby. Unfortunately, her due date had passed by a week. She had to go to the hospital to be induced. Finally, the baby arrived. For Esther, it was worth the wait!
My daughter's friend passed away unexpectedly. Her friend's cat was taken to the animal shelter. My daughter loves animals and rescued the cat from the shelter. She flew with the cat to bring it to her friend's parents. His parents were very appreciative, and they are now friends.
Tom was looking for an apartment. He wanted to be closer to his job. Finally he found something on craigslist. He went there to the house. Someone already took the offer.
Max had been crushing on a girl from Starbucks for months. After a few exchanged smiles he had the courage to ask her out. He went up and introduced himself and got her number. Happily smiling he noticed something in the window reflection. He had spinach stuck in his teeth the whole time they talked.
Stacy was taking a spelling test. She was doing great. However, her pen ran out of ink. She didn't know what to do. She remembered the spare in her bag and finished the test.
I noticed my car was low on gas. I thought I could make it to the next exit. I kept on driving. My car started sputtering. All of a sudden it stopped and was out of gas.
My niece started her first year of college in August. Her sister has been in college for two years. My niece is interested in poetry and French. She is enrolled in a nursing program. I think she will switch to liberal arts after her first year.
John was hungry. He went to Wendy's. He ordered some french fries. John ate the french fries at Wendy's. John went home full.
Blake was turning four years old. He really liked dump trucks. A new dump truck was all he wanted for his birthday. Blake had a big birthday party with all his friends. At the end of his party he had five new trucks.
James had a fear of flying. But his job required him to take a flight to another country. He talked to a therapist to help him get over his fear. But he knew it wasn't working. He decided to get drunk before boarding the plane.
Jon needed new underwear. So Jon went to the store to look for underwear. He found his size underwear. He took them too the clerk to buy them. Join now had new underwear.
Joe had a very loud neighbor. Joe's neighbor would play loud music. One day Joe knocked on the neighbor's door. Joe asked his neighbor to lower the music please. Now Joe's neighbor is not so loud.
Molly and Zach were going on a date tonight. Zach took them to a spicy food restaurant, Molly hates spicy food. After being there for an hour, Molly started to sweat very badly. Zach took her home, thinking she was sick. When they got home, she threw up and felt a lot better.
Maddie had always wanted to dance and do gymnastics. Her friends kept telling her she would be good at it. For a long time she took dance lessons and gymnastics. She entered into a competition and won first place. Maddie's friends were there to congratulate her.
Tom's car was pretty old. It had several scratches and fading paint. Tom saved up money to have it repainted. After he had enough Tom had the work done. It made the car look much better.
Lucy lay in the grass bored. She was at her grandparents with nothing to do. She had been watching the clouds but that was boring as well. She fell asleep in the grass. When she awoke grandma was smiling standing over her.
Charles checked out a book from the community college library. He read about a prank the president plays on people. The president dresses like a bum and loiters in a neighborhood. A few days later he saw George W Bush sitting at a bus stop. He tried to talk to President Bush, but an undercover cop pulled up.
Brad has been having a rough time. He got dumped by his girlfriend a week ago. His friend Chuck could tell Brad needed a mood boost. Chuck brought Brad to a comedy show in the city. Brad laughed hard all night and afterwards felt better about life.
Larry was listening to music on his phone. He suddenly got a phone call. He unplugged his headphones from his phone. His music started playing full blast through his phone. He had to pause his music before he could take the call.
Ana and her boyfriend thought night swimming sounded romantic. They drove to the lake one August evening. But there, they got a surprise. The water was very cold at night! They regretfully decided to skip the night swim.
Jojo was playing with Sam, his corgi puppy of 2 months. He would throw the ball and play catch, going farther and farther. It was getting late and Jojo threw the ball one last time really far. Sam went into the darkness to retrieve the ball but didn't come back. Until this day Jojo still looks for his lost puppy, Sam.
Judith had been a newspaper subscriber for 42 years. She had always loved the paper, but the service had gone downhill. Almost every day her paper was late or damaged. Some days her paper was missed entirely! Judith hated to do it, but eventually she canceled her subscription.
Gina's grandma wasn't able to clean her house well. The left side of her body was paralyzed in a stroke. Her Grandpa had been sick and couldn't clean much either. The house was a bit of a mess. Gina and her mother spent 2 days throwing out junk .
Mike decided he was going to find a different job. He looked online as well as in the newspaper. His current employer found out he was looking for a new job. His boss tried to convince him to stay by giving Mike a raise. Mike conceded and his happy that he stayed at his job.
Piper loved the UW Badgers football team. She decided to get a Badgers blanket for her house. At the store, she grabbed a red and white blanket off the shelf. When she opened it at home, Piper saw a Cornhuskers logo. Piper felt silly for purchasing the wrong blanket.
Steve has always been an innovator in his field. He came out with so many great inventions. One day he has a great idea to reinvent the cell phone. Steve invents one of the greatest inventions ever. He calls it the iPhone.
Barry felt like fishing so he went to the pier. He caught his catch and brought it home to cook. As he drove home he noticed a homeless man sleeping. As he cooked the fish he couldn't stop thinking about the man. He drove by the homeless man and fed him.
After moving into a new house Laura and I decided to cook a dinner. It was our first dinner in the house so we were excited. We picked out a recipe and started cooking. The dinner was going alright but we were worried about it. After getting the dinner out of the oven we were very pleased!
One time my mom and I found a box turtle and put him in a box. We wanted to keep him so we gave him leaves and made a habitat. He stayed on our patio for a few days before tragedy struck. One day we walked outside to see bloody trails and a headless turtle. The neighbors dog had ripped him to shreds.
Jane bought a watermelon. She tried to cut it open with an electric knife. Her hand slipped while she was cutting. The knife cut through her finger. She had to go to the hospital.
I went on a hike on Saturday. I saw a large butterfly coming down the trail. I stopped to look as it floated past me. Just then a bee stung me on the arm. I swatted the bee and accidentally killed the butterfly.
Susie bought a new vacuum. She bought it at target. But when she started to use it it was far too loud. She couldn't hear herself. So she had to return it.
Seth loved to play in the snow. On the first day of snow, Seth went out to the hills. Seth brought his favorite sled with him. He drove up to the highest hill he could find. He slid down so fast that his beanie was torn off his head!
Deacon loved trains as a child. He collected as many as he could. His parents' entire basement was given over to giant train sets. All Deacon wanted in life was more trains. He became a train conductor when he grew up.
Moe was a grave keeper at a small cemetery. One night, he heard a small noise near a freshly-buried plot. He went to go investigate and found a pair of grave robbers. He ran away as fast as he could and called the police. By the time the police arrived, the grave robbers had fled.
Mitchell couldn't get to sleep. He tried to watch tv. That didn't help. He then decided to lay down. He fell right asleep.
Ted loved onions. He put them in everything. However, onions made him cry when he cut them. Ted had an idea. He wore goggles and never cried while cutting onions again.
I went grocery shopping yesterday. I saw they had samples. So I tried some. I wanted to get the key lime pie. But I accidentally picked up the tomato instead.
Jay was playing at Sam's house. His mother said it was time to go. He did not want to go. He locked himself in a nearby closet. Eventually, he realized he had to go and be with his mom.
Collin has always loved dogs. Lately he'd been thinking about getting one of his own. He decided to go to the animal shelter and look around. He saw two little black puppies and fell in love! Collin adopted both of them and took them to their new forever home.
Dudley was a pioneer in America, long ago. One day, he had to make a journey through a forest. While walking through the forest, he came upon a brown bear. He then noticed that the bear was with some tiny cubs. The bear charged Dudley, and he ran for his life.
Hannah and Chris are in a relationship. Hannah loves Chris! Chris cheated on hannah. Hannah found out. Hannah does not love Chris anymore.
Today I got up at 7 AM. I had a breakfast of oatmeal and a slice of banana bread. I helped list some items on eBay for a relative. I saw an independent movie by Jim Jarmusch. I went to dinner with an old friend.
I am Chinese. I live in a building with a clubroom that offers free coffee. I often see an old Chinese man there. One day I said hello, and he did not respond. I concluded he did not want to talk to anybody.
Quinn woke up to the sound of roaring wind. She rushed to close the shutters on her windows. Just as Quinn closed the last one she heard a loud crashing sound. She ran to the room where she heard the crash and gasped. A street lamp had smashed through one of her windows!
John really wanted to be a great writer. John spent all his spare time writing a novel. John accidentally left his pages behind while visiting a friend. John got a call from his friend's uncle, a big time book editor. The uncle told John he read his novel and wanted to publish it!
Sam was trying to make dinner. His old knives couldn't cut very well. Sam wound up accidentally cutting himself again. He finally decided to buy a new set of knives. The new set was much easier to use.
Jane and her brother took a paddle boat to the middle of the lake. Jane saw lily pads with pretty yellow flowers. She begged her brother to pick one. Finally, her brother snagged one and handed it to Jane. Seeing a bug in the center, she threw the flower down in disgust.
Juliet was pregnant and about to give birth. She went into labor one day and contracted for several hours. Finally, she delivered the baby. Suddenly, she realized she was still feeling the urge to push. She gave birth to a completely surprising second baby.
I was at the bar during football season. One of the guys there asked me about my favorite team. Since I don't follow the sport, I made up a team. I said that my team was off to a slow start but I was hopeful. The guy didn't say anything and walked away from me.
Fred needs a blazer for a special event that his friends are planning. He has never liked how blazers look, but he decides he needs one. When he gets to the store, he finds a blazer for a reasonable price. It fits him perfectly. Fred is happy he has found a blazer for the event.
Our neighbors were poor grad students. One day Joe figured out how to steal cable service. He went to the boiler room and hooked up the cable to his unit. The cable company came by a month later and disconnected Joe's cable. He got away with a warning they will prosecute for theft next time.
Laura works at a daycare and had to buy children's books. Her mom had a few from when she was younger but not many. Her mom gave her some money and they went to the store. Laura picked out a few really good books for the kids!`. The next day she read them the books and they loved them!
John's car had broke down. John made use of the warranty. John did not realize it would cost a lot to fix the car. John realized the price of the fix was similar to a new car. John bought a different car from a different brand.
Bob was training for the marathon. He ran 10 miles everyday. The day before the race he ate lots of carbs. Bob finished the race in 3 hours. It was record time for him.
Selena went to the fair to spend a day of fun in the sun. She tried a few rides but really wanted to try the new roller coaster. There was a long line and she waited an hour. When her time came, she sat down with anticipation. The ride lasted thirty seconds, but at the end, she was exhilarated.
I brought a knife to school. I had gotten it for my birthday as a gift from my dad. I showed it to one of the other fifth graders in my class. That boy told the teacher I had brought my knife. I was sent home early that day, being told never to bring it again.
I submit five sentence stories for research. Sometimes my stories are funny sometimes not. I wondered how to get a copy of my stories? I contacted the head research person of the study. I now know how to access the stories I've submitted.
Last night my family and I decided to go to the new Italian restaurant As we sat down we were not greeted with good service. We waited for over twenty minutes to see a waitress. When we finally got our food, it was not good at all. At least we had a coupon but we won't be back.
I thought I saw something in the corner of my eye. I turned and looked but there was nothing there. I dismissed my thoughts and turned back towards my door. As soon as I turned away I saw it again. This time I didn't hesitate to run after it, whatever it was.
Tom was playing his Xbox and out of frustration threw his control. It broke on his wall. Tom needed a new one so he went to gamestop and bought a new one. Tom went home and started playing Xbox again. Tom learned to control his frustration.
Martha stared at the glowing television screen, unblinking. Her hands gripped the blanket tightly. The television drama was reaching the climax of the episode. When the twist was revealed, Martha let out a scream. She immediately called her best friend.
It was the final race in the heat. Sam was up against a tough opponent. Their cars inched up to the starting line. The lights flashed green. Like a shot they were off down the strip with Sam in the lead.
Gina's crush Jamie was on crutches. There weren't many automatic doors in their school. She noticed sometimes people would help with the doors. When they did he would always smile and thank them. Gina decided she would hold the door so he would speak to her.
Tracy arrived at the office for an appraisal with her manager. She had been working very hard recently to impress him. The manager invited Tracy into his office. They discussed the progress she had made in her work. She walked out with an offer of promotion.
Jacky was excited about her first year of college. When she finally left for college, she became homesick. While in her first year, she began to make new friends. Jacky came home for the holidays with a new perspective. Jacky appreciates more since being away at school.
I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait. I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations. I set up the tree in front of my front room windows. I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree. I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree.
There is a large ethnic marketplace a few miles from my house. I can get some pretty interesting international dishes there. I am planning to make a new seafood dish for an upcoming dinner party. I fear my friends will consider the cuisine too exotic for them. I will simply be enthusiastic and pressure them into trying the food.
Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night. She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend. They went to their yard but there was too much light pollution. Instead, they quickly drove out of town. Outside they were able to see all of the meteors well.
Rex was our family dog. The entire family love playing with Rex. Two kids from next door came over to play with our dog. Shortly after Rex no longer wanted to live with us. We decided that Rex would be more happy with the kids.
Alicia was going on a trip to Disney. She was very excited. Yet when she got there she did not like it. She thought it was too childish. She decided to never go back.
We got a new kitten named Marie. I spent the first day bonding with her and loving on her. When I took a shower she meowed and meowed outside the shower door. I cut my shower short to make her feel better. The next shower I set up a camera to film but she was over it.
Hank called the restaurant. He needed a reservation for 9pm that night. THey laughed and said they'd been booked solid for weeks. He begged them because it was his wife's birthday. They got him a table next to the bathroom.
Neil went to the local sledding area. He climbed to the top of the big hill. Then he waited his turn to slide down. He clambered into his sled and pushed off. He squealed with joy as he raced down the hill!
Tina made spaghetti for her boyfriend. It took a lot of work, but she was very proud. Her boyfriend ate the whole plate and said it was good. Tina tried it herself, and realized it was disgusting. She was touched that he pretended it was good to spare her feelings.
Allie was doing her math homework in history class. One day her teacher pulled her aside. Allies teacher told her to stop doing math in class. Allie was quite embarrassed. She didn't think he would noticed so she apologized.
I went to the harbor yesterday. I went to go on a boat. On the boat we saw jellyfish. It was amazing. I made sure to take a photo.
My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to eat healthier. We thought that we could start buying more vegetables. We took a trip to the local farmer's market. There was an abundance of freshly harvested vegetables. We purchased spinach, broccoli, and yams.
My wife went out to pick up a pizza tonight. When she got home, the garage door to our building would not open. She called the concierge but he was away. She pressed the buzzer for the concierge to open the door. After five minutes he returned and opened the door.
The boy was eating grapes. One was shriveled. He thought it tasted like a raisin. He got down a box of raisins. He found out he was correct.
Tameka's father was in hospice at home. Tameka took care of him every day, even helped him urinate. Her ex-boyfriend called her and said he secured funding. He had a million dollars and wanted to take Tameka on a trip. She wanted to go, but said no, to take care of her father.
Christie had the messiest house that anyone had ever seen. There were diapers, dishes and trash all over the floor. There were even mice living in the trash. One day, friends came over to help her clean. She vowed to never let it get that dirty again.
Charlie grew up growing cocoa plants. He was an expert on all things containing cocoa. He decided to apply this knowledge to manufacturing chocolates. He experimented with all sorts of unique flavors. His one-of-a-kind chocolates now dominate the candy market!
Carol for the first time ever got a professional message. She had been working so hard and her boss said she should get one. Her boss even said the company will pay for it. Carol loved the massage and even booked herself a couple more. Carol now gets a massage every month.
Ken is a cook. While at work Ken begins cooking meals. While cooking a customer notices Ken spitting in their food. They complain to the manger. Ken gets fired from his job.
Becca was riding in her toy jeep. She was going down a hill. Suddenly, she hit a rock. The jeep tipped over. She had to climb out and she scraped her elbow.
Laura went to pick up her children from school. She put them in the car and drove off. She looked into her rearview mirror and braked. There was a strange boy in the back seat. Her child told her his name was Timmy and he snuck in.
Charles was impressed with the customer service in his bank. One evening Charles' teller asked if Charles needed more help. Charles said yes, how can I make more money? The teller taught Charles how to make movie discs from a computer. Charles started selling movies to supplement his income.
Linda wanted to hit the town. She found a disco that played great music. She dressed up and went out. She danced until her legs were too tired to continue. She had had a great night!
Abby was about to take a work trip to California. Abby had just about everything done, except for booking a hotel. Abby researched several hotels, and picked the Holiday Inn. Abby even liked that breakfast was included free with the room. Abby felt relieved that she was finished organizing her work trip.
Tom and Mary went to see a new movie. Mary was so scared she wanted to leave. Tom thought the movie was funny. Ultimately they decided to leave together. They've never gone to the movies together again.
James had a recipe for spaghetti sauce. He had never tried it before. He bought all the ingredients. He followed it step by step. When he tasted it, it was the best ever.
Ellen desperately wanted to be on TV. She read that a game show was interviewing contestants at the Mall. She drove over, and interviewed. A few weeks later, she got a call: she would be a contestant! It was her dream come true!
Rocky woke up on Saturday determined to go fishing. He got dressed and packed up his rod and tackle box. As he drove to the lake, he saw big thunder clouds in the sky. Determined to eat fish that night, he went to the supermarket instead. Rocky came home with a fish and couldn't taste the difference.
Shay loved to read, and she was always buried in a book. Her mom suggested Shay become a writer. But Shay just wasn't very creative! Finally, she decided on a career that would work for her. She became an editor, and still got paid to read every day!
Carly loved getting mail. One day, she got a magazine. She read it quickly that day. She decided getting magazines was a lot of fun. She subscribed to five more!
Kathy loved to love. Her speciality was spaghetti. She decided to cook for her family. As she was cooking, she knocked a bottle in the sauce. When she served the dish, she realized it and it was horrible.
Mike had a cow on his farm. His cow was very fat and plump. He milked his cow one morning. It was the sweetest milk he had ever tasted! He bottled it and sold it for thousands to wealthy customers!
My mother in law became very ill as she has gotten older. She lives with my sister in law. One day my sister in law left the house for a few hours. She came back to find my mother in law on the floor unconscious. The family has decided to put my mother in law inside a nursing home.
Tiffany had always been a zombie for halloween. Her mom keep telling her she was not old enough. This year when Tiffany asked her mom about the costume she agreed. Tiffany got to work on the costume. On Halloween Tiffany was very proud of her zombie costume.
Charlie had left his beloved stuffed monkey on the school bus. The nice driver carefully searched the bus but didn't find it. Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day. He went out of his way to track down the other bus. After carefully searching it, he found the lost monkey!
Leo liked to sing. His singing teacher told him he had an innately bad tone of voice. Leo greatly resented that comment. He later joined an alternative rock back and attained great success. He secretly found it highly gratifying when his tone was praised.
Don was running for class president of the senior class. Don's campaign platform was mostly making fun of the other candidates. He also ridiculed the disadvantaged people in his class. When election day came around, Don lost by a landslide to Suzy. He learned a very important lesson about how not to win elections.
Fred had been doing karate for two Year's now. Yesterday was his first tournament. Fred couldn't believe how hard it was. He ended up not getting a medal. Fred was disappointed but knew he would try next time.
Matthew only liked the crust from pizza. His cousin O'Neil only liked the cheese. Their mothers bought one slice. They separated the crust from the cheese. Matthew and A'Neial ate the same slice of pizza!
Karen was a big fan of TV game shows, especially WHEEL OF FORTUNE. She decided to try out to be on it and applied to be a contestant. In the tryouts, she did well in round one and advanced to round two. In round two, the competition was tougher and Karen was eliminated. Karen was disappointed but vowed she would try again in the future.
Larry spent most of his day job peeling potatoes. He got so good at it, he could peel a full potatoes in a few seconds. One day Larry challenged a friend of his to a potato peeling contest. Larry's friend Joe was hesitant but eventually agreed. Larry peeled three times as many potatoes as his friend.
Sophia was a neat freak. She always wanted her room perfectly clean. Last week she bought white gloves. It wasn't for a special occasion. It was to make sure everything was dustless in her room.
Ruth was baking muffins. She had just put a second batch in the oven. While she waited, she began to read a book. While she read, she accidentally dozed off. Suddenly, she woke up and found her muffins badly burnt.
John loved the outdoors. He decided to buy a tent despite never having been camping. He kept the tent for three years. He never used it. He sold it online for less than he paid for it.
Kelly was excited to attend a one direction concert. She won VIP passes and she couldn't wait. As soon as the concert started she was in heaven. At the end of the show she got to meet the bandmates. Just as she thought, they were super nice.
Sue was a great cook. She decided to make cornbread. As she was baking it, she got distracted. Sue started to smell something burning. She had burned her cornbread.
Kenny is a singer. Kenny wants to be famous. Kenny performs nights at coffee shops. One day Kenny gets noticed. Kenny is signed to a record deal after his performance at the shop.
My 99 year old friend Harry fought in WW 2. He was in France and Italy. A neighbor in the building worked for the French consulate. She arranged for him to get a medal. The local television news covered the ceremony.
Yesterday I noticed a bubble in my screen protector. It irritated me. I took the cover off to fix it. Yet I made it worse. More bubbles ended up popping up.
William and Margaret were happy with their new purchases. They had both bought kayaks. Anxious to test them out, the took them out on the lake. They paddled to a small island and had lunch. It was a beautiful day on the water with the new kayaks.
Jeff was a pizza delivery man. One day he had to deliver 50 pizzas to a party. On the way, a cat ran in front of his car. Jeff slammed on the breaks. Some of the pizza boxes flew forward, spilling pizza on the floor.
Our cat likes to nap on our bed. When she naps I cannot make the bed. Yesterday my wife cleaned off the futon bed in another room. Our cat napped on the futon. I made the bed this morning.
Jon loved to play badminton. One day, he challenged his friend to a game. He lost by two points. He got angry so he hit his friend. His friend decided to file charges for assault and battery.
Harvey grew up in a very poor family. He wanted to grow up to be a doctor and help take care of his family. He worked very hard and was able to pay for his entire college. Harvey became a successful doctor. He was able to take care of his family and build his own family.
My friend Tim is helping his daughter Tina out. Tina is 32 and has been married three times. She has one child. The father of the child is fighting for custody. Tim is paying Tina's lawyer to help her retain custody.
Samantha had a long day. She decided to take a bath. She filled the tub with warm water. Then, she added some nice salts. Finally, she enjoyed her bath.
One of my hobbies is candle-making. I have big vats I used to melt the wax. I've been experimenting with weirdly shaped wicks. Recently I made a candle you can burn at both ends. I think I'm going to sell them online.
I decided to get some lunch. I went to a hamburger shop. I ordered a triple patty hamburger. It gave me very bad gas. I realized I should not eat so much beef.
Mary notices a puddle of water under the washing machine. She tells a friend who suggests a repair service. The repairman estimates it will cost $500 to fix the problem. Mary never liked that washing machine. She goes to Lowes and buys the fancy front-loader she's always wanted.
Todd was playing computer games all day. He was starting to get tired but he also wanted to continue playing. He played throughout the night. He finally fell asleep in his couch. He woke up late the next day and missed work.
Abe plays basketball every day. One day, a talent scout approached Abe. Abe was signed on to a successful team. Abe played with the best players in the nation. Abe and his team won a world championship.
Carol was ready to purchase a condo. The building was already confirmed. All she had to do was meet with the realtor. However, Carol checked her numbers one last time. The extreme cost made her second-guess her decision.
Carl was at a family reunion. He ran into a stranger. It turned out to be a long lost cousin. They got along well and became friends. They still keep in touch.
Amy was failing math. Her parents hired a tutor to help her. At first Amy resented the implication. But the tutor studied with her and helped her quite a bit. Soon Amy's grades had improved drastically!
I went to get hamburgers for dinner. I sat in the drive thru, thinking about the weight I'd gained. I looked at the menu and thought about all the calories. I decided to have a salad instead of a burger. I went home happy with my choice.
My granddaughter is 20 months old. She was sitting across from me the other day. I had a chessboard on a table. She lifted up a piece and my wife took a photo. We put the photo up on Facebook, as it looked like she was playing!
Ken put money into the stock market. He found a random company he liked. He put a lot of his money into it. Within a year the company went under. Ken lost the money and learned a lesson.
Jamie was wearing a strapless dress to a wedding. She looked all over for the perfect strapless bra. She tried dozens of them on. Finally, she found one that would fit correctly. Her jaw dropped when she was the price tag!
Alex was dancing in her bedroom as she got dressed. She hadn't realized she'd left her curtains up. One of the neighbors filmed the whole thing with his mobile. He posted the video on a popular social networking site. Alex has become very paranoid about closing curtains now.
Neil was exploring Philadelphia. Then he grew hungry. He knew Philly was famous for its cheese steak subs. He went to order one and found it was huge! But it was so good, he ate the whole sandwich!
Jenny wanted cupcakes. She went to the bakery. Inside the bakery were many cupcakes. Jenny liked the pink ones. She bought them all.
Jimmy jumped out of the shower and into a warm bathrobe. He banked the fire and turned off the electronics. A noise outside startled him just as he was diving into his blankets. Jimmy walked out on the porch to find it was only a bird on the roof. As he went to go back inside, he realized he'd locked himself out.
Bae went to her first punk rock concert. She'd gotten a seat all the way in the front row. People kept pushing her towards the stage. The lead singer spit right on her. Bae hated it and decided to never go to a punk concert again.
Tilda was in her room. Suddenly, she saw a huge furry spider. She went to grab something to catch it. When she came back, it was nowhere to be found. She was freaked out the rest of the night.
Kim went to the library for story time. The librarian blew soap bubbles for the kids to catch. The bigger boys ran in front of Kim to catch the bubbles. Kim started crying. The librarian blew some bubbles just for Kim to catch.
Jeremy spent a lot of money on Pokemon cards. His friends hosted card games, and he was excited to join them. He stopped by his friend's house fifteen minutes before their game. Once everyone was settled in, they started placing their cards. Jeremy felt that the cards were worth every penny.
Molly was at her house. She saw a strange car pull into her driveway. She had never seen the car before. The mystery was making her really nervous. It turned out that it was just her aunt with a new car.
Tobias wanted to become an actor but had no acting experience. He asked his family for help, but they told him to get a job. Tobias started working at a coffee shop near his house. One day at work he met a famous actor who offered him acting lessons. Eventually, Tobias was a minor character actor with a real SAG card.
Tony went to the beach on a hot July day. He forgot his sunscreen in his car and didn't want to go back. Tony thought that it wouldn't be a problem. He had a lot of fun swimming in the water. On his way home he could feel a terrible sunburn forming.
I decided I needed to do a good cleaning of my house. I first went to the store to buy cleaning supplies, a mop, and bucket. When I got home, I started cleaning the kitchen. Next I moved to the bathroom and living room. With that done, I took a break to admire the clean rooms!
Jasper got a ticket for running a red light. He went to court to fight the ticket. The ticketing officer appeared in court and Jasper questioned him. The officer admitted to not witnessing Jasper's car run the light. Jasper felt happy when he was exonerated of wrongdoing.
Trey ordered Chinese food at the restaurant by his apartments. He got some egg rolls, a pork dish, a rice dish, and chow mein. He waited for his order. He got his order, paid, and drove home. He and his roommates thought the food was pretty good.
My daughter, who works for NYU's business school, told me about mTurk. She told me it was a way to make small amounts of money online. I was retired, so I checked mTurk out. I started doing hits and found them to be stimulating. Now I do mTurk all day.
Amy was upset because her bananas were too ripe. She'd purchased a bunch and then hadn't eaten them in time. She really hated the thought of throwing away food! Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake! The overripe bananas made a very moist and delicious cake.
Billy had a cat named Mittens. Mittens would always sleep on Billy's bed. Billy decided that he would buy Mittens a bed of his own to sleep in. A week later the bed arrived and Billy took it out of the box. Mittens ignored the bed and slept in the box.
Two kids visited their friend's house. His friend wasn't home. A big dog was in the yard. It ran over to the kids. It bit them right on the hands.
Nina was dreaming of world peace her whole live. She knew she couldn't change the world but made small changes. She contributed to her community and then to her country. She came up with so many good ideas, she was congratulated. She was proud when she received a Nobel prize for her work.
Joe was a sad employee. He had a bad job. He cleaned bathrooms for minimum wage. Joe decided to open his own cleaning business. After that he was very happy.
John had a black dog. John's dog liked to eat grass. One day the dog ate too much grass and got sick. John had to take his dog to the vet. He never let the black dog eat grass again.
Tim was at a high school wrestling tournament. He was in the championship round. The match was really close. It came down to a split decision. Tim just barely won.
Tom noticed his debit card was missing. He saw that money had been taken out. He asked his girlfriend about it. She broke down and admitted she took it. Tom pressed charges against her.
Alex really wanted to play a video game. But his brother did not. So when Alex was in the middle of the game, Nathan turned it off Alex ran up crying about it. Both kids ended up getting in trouble and having an awful day.
Yesterday we were in our car. Someone wanted to talk to us. My Mom rolled down the window so she could talk. When she was done, the window wouldn't roll up. Now our car window is broken!
Ash read a book about Gandhi. This inspired him to become more disciplined. Ash decided to fast for a week. Ash fought much temptation during that seven days. On the seventh day he felt fantastic for being more disciplined.
Seth was playing a game online. He had figured out a code to help him cheat. Seth was able to win all of the games. No one like playing him online anymore. People began to kick Seth out of his game for cheating.
Stacy learned how to make biscuits when she was 8 Year's old. Her aunt taught her one day during the summer. It is a skill she has not forgotten. Stacy likes to make biscuits for breakfast. It's a southern tradition.
Benedict Cumberbatch walked down the street. A girl saw him and began to freak out. He was nice to her. He signed her t-shirt. She left very happy.
Tom got a job at a restaurant. He was to be the new head chef. It was the most responsibility he had in a job. Tom took the position with great honor. He made sure to not make anybody regret their decision.
I was vacationing on the islands when I heard bad news. There was a hurricane coming. We all had to evacuate the island. I immediately took the first plane back to the city. I was disappointed to leave.
She wanted to play the flute. She bought a shiny silver one at a yard sale. She felt the instrument was calling to her. She bought some music online. She determined to learn via youtube videos.
Last week, my family got all bundled up and went to a tree farm. We walked up and down the rows looking for the perfect Christmas tree. We found one that was the right size and brought it home. After we decorated it with ornaments, it looked beautiful. It really is a perfect Christmas tree!
Kelly's three-year-old son loved puppies. One day, he was pretending to be a puppy. Refusing to say any words, he would only bark. Needing food for dinner, Kelly had no choice but to take him shopping. Kelly was humiliated that he barked throughout the whole store.
Ronda had always wanted to see a rhinoceros. She saved up her money for a big trip to the city zoo. At the zoo she saw a huge rhinoceros. It was much bigger than she had ever imagined it would be. Ronda was so happy she got to see a rhinoceros.
It was Tim's first day at elementary school. He was a bit nervous about not knowing anybody. Tim ran into another kid with a similar backpack. They both liked the same cartoons. It helped Tim relax and have a good first day.
Dave was a skeptic about the Apollo moon landings. He began searching for information on the internet. He eventually contacted someone at NASA to ask some tough questions. Dave realized during this talk that the landings definitely happened. He felt embarrassed to have bought into conspiracy theories.
Forgall was bored. He'd spent all day at the library, studying for finals. He spied a cute girl over in the anthropology section. He went to go introduce himself, but tripped. When he awoke, a 300lb Sikh guy was carrying him to an ambulance.
I met a lady yesterday. She was elderly, very kind, and sweet. She wanted to talk for hours. We sat and chatted about everything. She told me her name was Patience, and I will never forget it.
Anna wanted to take her daughter to the county fair. Her daughter was eight and Anna thought she'd like it. Together they went and rode the rides. Then they played games and ate lots of food! Anna was happy that her daughter had indeed enjoyed herself.
The Miller family bought a new house. The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff. They started unpacking all their things. They relaxed after a long day. The Miller family celebrated with a cookout.
Sarah had a headache after eating a ton of food. And she thought eating something healthy would cure it. So she decided to eat an orange and an apple. But she felt even worse than before. She decided to eat smaller meals from then on.
Barb liked taking care of her yard. She mowed it every week. When the grass looked dry, she dragged out the sprinkler. The yard looked absolutely perfect! Barb wanted everyone in the neighborhood to recognize her hard work.
Justin was very unpopular. He was never kind or nice. People avoided him when they saw him coming. He told his friends he would try to be nicer. Then he made fun of their clothes.
Elliot always loved dancing. His friends made fun of him for this. Elliot decided to go to college for dancing. After he graduated, he became very famous. Now his friends don't make fun of him for dancing!
Jim's puppy Spot was recently found and returned home. Jim was so happy to have Spot back he gave him a bath. Afterwards he played with Spot for hours. Jane later found Jim and Spot asleep on the floor. She tucked Jim in kissed his forehead goodnight.
The helper went for coffee. She wrote the order down. She couldn't read her writing. She tried to order from memory. She got the order wrong.
Bob liked to wear shorts. Alas, his shorts were out of style. His friends told him to update his wardrobe. Bob listened to them and went shopping. He now had stylish shorts.
Kinsey wished she had more money. She had a job, but it didn't pay very much. She decided to look for a second job. Eventually, she found a second job at a grocery store. Now, Kinsey has more money but wishes she had more time.
Danny had a chess match with Dan. Dan managed to beat Danny for the 10th time in a row. Not only was Danny mad but he flipped the table over. All of the chess pieces landed on the ground. He left afterwards.
Katie went to a girl's camp across the lake from a boy's camp. When the girls went swimming, the boys across the lake watched. Katie noticed that the boys didn't watch her. She climbed a rock to get their attention by diving. All eyes were on Katie when she slipped and got knocked unconscious.
Cassidy was riding her bike. She was going down her driveway when she hit a rock. The bike flipped and she fell on the ground. Her mom rushed out to check on her. It turned out that her arm was broken.
There wasn't anyone smarter than Jason in my class. Jason always knew the answer to everything. I admired him for this. When it came to tests, Jason never did as well. It really hurt when I found out he had been googling all his answers.
Josh was so excited for Christmas. He could not wait to know what his parents had bought him. He knew where they stored the presents. Josh decided to sneak a peak one afternoon. When Josh looked at the presents, he was disappointed that none were his.
Susie was invited to the factory. It was for ice cream. She couldn't have been more thrilled. Susie made a new flavor. Then she got to package it.
James pretended one day that he was an astronaut on Mars. He tried to make a space suit by wrapping himself in tin foil. Getting the foil to stick required a lot of duct tape. In the end James had a very shiny suit to play in. When he was done playing, it took a long time to get all the tape off.
Brad needed to make some extra money so he began working online. He did various jobs until he found one that he really loved. This job allowed him to work from home and care for his family. He appreciated the flexibility and the extra time with his children. Brad hopes to make enough money to take a family vacation soon.
Sam went into his backyard to dig a hole for a bird bath. He was halfway done with the hole when he hit something. Sam used his hands to dig around the obstruction. He unearthed a wooden chest. He opened the chest and found some old photos and a note.
It was Joe's 25th birthday and he wanted to do something special. He had been saving up money these last few months. He went to the car dealership to purchase a car. He drove off the lot with a shiny new BMW. He smiled as he showed his new car to his family and friends.
Gerald had always eaten vanilla ice cream. His friends told him that he should try something new. One day he decided to try a scoop of chocolate ice cream. He loved the way it tasted! From that day on, Gerald decided to try more new things.
I heard from my neighbor that there was a bear in the neighborhood. I haven't been jogging for days because I'm afraid of the bear. The bear was last sighted 2 weeks ago near my house. I should wait at least another month before I go jogging again. Meanwhile, I do yoga instead.
Neal always had a passion for movies. He always dreamed of being a big star. Neal decided to move to Hollywood and try his luck. Neal struggled for months. Neal continued to work hard and finally landed a gig.
Jim wanted to quit smoking cigarettes. He had tried before and failed. He went to his doctor for some help. His doctor gave him a nicotine patch. Jim never smoked a cigarette again.
Buddy is driving his car home. While driving buddy notices his brakes don't work. Buddy pulls on the emergency brake. The car comes to a stop. Buddy is relieved he survived his brakes going out.
Leo wore a toupee and was anxious about it. He decided to go out for a short walk. It was a very windy day, but he wasn't too concerned. Suddenly, a strong wind came through and took his toupee! His dog leaped and caught it, and he quickly ran home.
Julian was at the grocery store when his grandma called. It was his birthday and she immediately began singing him a song. Somehow his phone went on speaker and everyone could hear her sing. Julian cringed as people began staring at him. Still, he loved his grandma so much that he didn't mind.
The big football game was coming up soon. John had practiced hard for weeks. His coach said he'd get to start at quarterback. John was nervous. He played really well and lead the team to victory!
Tom had to buy groceries. He went to stop and shop first. He bought apples. He then went to shoprite and found out it was cheaper there. He was upset he did not go to shoprite first.
Kelli was unemployed, and needing work. Her dream was to work in the spa industry. She tirelessly applied to many jobs and got lots of no's. She soon gave up and stopped trying. She decided to open up her own spa and make it happen for herself.
Jeff listens to music while working out at the gym. He hates how the cord of his headphones always gets in the way. He saw a guy at the gym with wireless headphones. Jeff looked them up on amazon and bought a pair. He now works out cord free and with no distractions.
My father came from China. One Halloween day some kids came to our door. They were trick or treating. My father yelled at them as panhandlers. The kids ran away frightened.
Harry and his children went shopping at their local mall. He didn't think to look at the row number when he parked the car. They shopped for hours and caught a movie. When they returned to the parking lot, no one knew where he'd park. When they finally did find the car, they were all so relieved.
A young boy wandered off from his mother in a grocery store. He found a roll of stickers by the register that said items were paid. He ran around the store and placed stickers on everything for fun. Customers were confused and thought that everything was free. The manager on duty was powerless to stop people from taking food.
Tom was playing videogames with friends. They decided to have a small tournament. Tom was doing really well and got to the finals. In the finals match he kept messing up. After a while Tom noticed his controller batteries were dying.
Bobby wanted something new. He decided he needed a new haircut. He asked his mom for ideas. She told him what to do. He got a new haircut.
Tim has a science test. He has not studied at all. He decided to go to football practice instead. When Tim arrived at school, he tried to studied but it was too late. Tim made a bad grade on his test.
Daniel stayed up late to finish writing a review. As a result, Daniel had to sleep in late the next day. This cycle fed into itself, making him go to sleep later that night. Daniel worried that his schedule was being ruined forever. Eventually his schedule looped all the way around and back to normal.
We found an old bike in the park. It was badly rusted and completely unusable. However, we decided to fix it up. We replaced some of the parts and painted the bike. When it was good as new, we started riding it all over town.
My brother forgot to pay his car bill. As a result, a tow truck came to our house late at night. It slowly reversed and picked up my brothers car. Once the car was attached to the truck, the driver took off. My brother woke up in surprise when he noticed that his car was gone.
Last Saturday our building threw a summer barbeque. They pitched tents on the driveway. That morning it started to pour. They were going to cook the food and bring it indoors. Luckily the rain stopped and the sun came out.
Jennifer was cooking dinner. As she was cooking, she started to smell smoke. She could not figure out where it was coming from. Then she remembered she had roles in the oven. She looked and they were on fire.
Kate awoke refreshed. She checked the time. The alarm clock was powered off. She realized she had accidentally unplugged it the night before. She realized her error and jumped out of bed.
It was a glorious day for hiking. Chuck packed up his 10 essential items for a day hike and headed out. He soon realized that he had forgotten a map. He took a wrong turn which led him into a swamp. Later, muddy and wore out , he thought about how great that hike was.
Maria went to her first swimming lesson. She got to the pool and met her instructor. Maria then put on a life jacket since she did not know how to swim. Her instructor worked on Maria using her arms and legs to swim. Maria finished her lesson and couldn't wait for the next one.
There was three feet of snow on the ground when they went outside. They walked around in the snow that went to their hips. The trees were bent over under the weight of the snow. They started throwing snowballs at the trees to loosen the snow. With all the snow off the trees stood up straight again.
In grade school, I had a bully. One day, I had enough. After he pushed me, I punched him. The punch hurt my hand tremendously. I never had the urge to hit anyone ever again.
Kelly was boiling a big pot of beans for supper. Suddenly she heard a loud hiss and a pop. She inspected the pot and realized that the bottom was opening up. Luckily, it didn't seem to be leaking so she continued cooking. Luckily, the pot was pretty simple to fix.
Kendra loves to draw but is not very good. There is a contest she wants to enter. She gets help from her art teacher while she is practicing. She proudly turns in her artwork. Kedra is so happy when she wins second place!
When the little girl lost her kitten, she became very sad. Her mother and father helped her search the entire neighborhood. John, her big brother made some fliers and hung them around town. One day, the phone rang and a neighbor said that she found the cat. When she came home from school, her kitten was waiting on her.
A father and his daughter were walking to school one morning. Their journey took them past many houses with pretty front yards. They stopped to look at some nice flowers in one of the yards. Suddenly a sprinkler came on and soaked them both! They had to turn back and dry off at home before heading out again!
Sam went to a Chinese restaurant on a blind date. He had a great time getting to know the woman he met. They shared crab rangoons, lo mein noodles, and sushi. At the end of the meal the waiter brought them fortune cookies. Sam's cookie had not one but two fortunes inside!
Martin plugged up his electric guitar. He turned on the amp. It fried on him. He looked at the amp and saw the fuse was blown. He went to the store to buy a replacement.
Blake was a little puppy in a brand new home with a new family. Blake had a red ball that he played with everyday. One day he woke up and couldn't find his favorite toy, he was sad. He roamed around the house looking for his toy. He finally found it in the kid's room inside their toy box!
Billy was raking leaves one afternoon. He made a big pile of leaves. Billy decided jump in his leave pile. When he went inside, his mom noticed he was covered in ticks. She told him to not play in leaves anymore.
Evan was at the cabin with his grandparents. His grandma was making him some hot chocolate. He found a bag of marshmallows and asked for some. She told him no, because they were old and stale. Evan didn't get it, but he didn't complain.
Amy loved the movie Love Story. She had seen the movie 10 times, but still loved to watch. She smiled as she watched the story unfold. Amy braced herself as the end of the movie approached. Amy tried to control herself, but still cried when Jennifer died.
Tom's old sofa had a bad smell. He couldn't afford to buy a new one. He tried washing it but it didn't work. Tom bought air fresheners instead. They covered up the smell for a while.
Beth had garlic fries on her break in between classes. As she was going to class her crush Rob stopped her to talk. He offered her gum which she declined. Later she realized her breath must smell of garlic. Beth was beyond embarrassed the next time she saw Rob.
Joey heard his alarm go off. He got out of bed to turn the alarm off. It was cold, so he put on his robe. He went upstairs to take a shower. After his shower, he made his bed.
Kendrick Lamar made a rap record giving New York a bad name. He didn't think he needed fans in New York. But a company booked Kendrick for a show in New York. The crowd for Kendrick was really small. He was good to the crowd but saw why New York was so important.
Sam was driving around. He noticed that the road felt bumpier. He felt every small thing. Eventually he pulled over and noticed he had a flat tire. He replaced it with a spare.
A woman went on a business trip to Ohio. On arriving, she tried to charge her phone. To her dismay, she discovered that she had packed the wrong charger. It was after midnight, and there was nowhere to buy a new one. The next morning, she missed an important call and was fired.
Olena was in the waiting room for her checkup. An old man came in and sat close to her. He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out. She immediately called security. The guard escorted the man to another place.
One day a man in a grinch costume came into a yoga class. He was covered in green fur and body paint. And made squawking sounds with every pose. Eventually the class was over and his fur was matted. When he left no one knew who he was.
Jenny wiggled her tooth with her tongue. It was really loose and ready to come out. She tied a string to her tooth and then to her door. She quickly slammed the door shut. She grinned as she picked up her tooth.
Ty had always wanted to know how to ice skate. At age thirty he was afraid he would not be able to learn. He hired a private coach to teach him. Ty worked hard at each session and really started to feel comfortable. His coach was impressed by how well he had learned to skate.
Tim was going on a date. He walked by a rose bush. He decided to get some flowers. He forgot to take the thorns off. Tim's girlfriend accidentally cut herself.
Judy's grandma was visiting. Her mom gave her some chores to do first. Judy had to clean the bathrooms. Then she mopped the floors. Finally, she made all of the beds.
Tom couldn't afford new shoes. He tried to make his old ones look better. He cleaned them up as best as possible. Tom also bought some inexpensive new laces online. Tom's shoes looked almost like new.
We decorated our home every Christmas. I always set out my Charlie Brown Christmas set. Last year I had trouble finding Charlie Brown. When I did find him near the dog's bed, he had a hole in his head. My boxer dog had bitten Charlie Brown's head to pieces.
At 0002, a loud crash was heard outside of the security office. Officer Smith rose from his chair to investigate. He grabs his flashlight before opening the front door. As he walked outside, there was loud rattling of the bushes. A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him.
Calvin was born with bad eyesight. He learned that he could correct his vision with laser surgery. He decided to have surgery to fix his bad eyesight. The surgery was a very good success. Calvin is happy that he does not have bad eyesight anymore.
My sister has a bad habit of getting into abusive relationships. I invited her over for breakfast one morning, noticing her black eye. She said she wanted to leave him, but had nowhere to go. She lived with me for a year, never working or paying for anything. One day I came home from work and the house was empty of belongings.
My friend Bob was a home brewer. His beers won some amateur prizes. He decided to start a small nano brewery. He bought equipment and started in a tiny building. He recently expanded and is doing quite well.
Laura had always wanted to learn how to make rice. She loved eating rice in restaurants but couldn't make it at home. She bought a rice cooker and tried making some. With every batch her rice came out better. Laura was happy that she could finally cook rice.
One night I came home and heard strange noises in my apartment. When I opened the door my roommate was nailing the window shut! She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us. The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window! Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later.
Year's ago I got an ear infection. I got it after I got my ears pierced. Weeks later my ear hurt. It was big and red. Thankfully i got medicine for it.
Sam wanted to buy new clothes for the winter. So he went to the mall. He bought jackets, pants, gloves, and beanies. And he was satisfied with his purchases. When it was winter, Sam's clothes gave him comfort and warmth.
Shelle loves to play tennis. However, she has a horrible backhand. Everytime she plays a match she loses by one point. Shelle decided to take private lessons to help. Now Shelle never loses.
Jane wanted to buy a smartphone. But she couldn't afford a new one. So she decided to buy a used one online. But it still contained the seller's private information and passwords. Jane felt guilty and contacted the seller.
My family and I went camping in the mountains. I decided to go fishing in the lake on my own. It started raining and I ran back through the woods, but got lost. I searched and searched for hours. I found the campsite by following the voice of my brothers singing.
She had to drink lots of water. The diuretics were draining her system. She was running low on electrolytes. She began to feel weak. She laid in bed all week drinking gatorade to feel better.
Joshi was a young buddhist monk. He had not yet achieved nirvana. Joshi decided to study buddhism every day and meditate. He studied and meditated for twenty years. One day, Joshi finally achieved nirvana.
The lights went out on Kate's block. And it was pitch black outside. They needed to light candles to light the room. But the lights went out so abruptly no one knew where they were. They all fumbled around in the dark searching for a candle.
Elle was a cat we found from the local shelter. We fell in love at first site. She was so friendly and sweet. We knew we had to have her, so we took her home with us. She has now been with us for five years, and we love her so much.
Eve was writing an article for the school paper. The editor didn't like Eve's article. The editor told Eve to write a new article. Eve wrote a new article. She submitted it to the editor.
Jan hated Greek food. Her boyfriend made her a traditional Greek meal. It was covered in olives. She tried to eat it, but just couldn't. She explained to him that she really hated olives.
Louise was walking from her bus into her school. It was a windy morning and a huge gust hit her. She felt her hair spin into a wild mess. She quickly ran into a bathroom nearby. Luckily she was able to comb her hair before anyone saw.
Annie had always bought new iPod versions as they came out. With each version, she hoped for an improved charger cord. But each time she was disappointed. The cord always frayed and broke within a month. Annie complained online with thousands of other sufferers!
Todd picked up his mail at the post office. One envelope looked like a generic piece of junk mail. He was about to toss it into the recycling bin, when he paused. He felt like he should double check, so he opened it up. Todd was thankful he waited, because there was a check inside.
Greg was constantly bored. So he decided to get a job. Initially, he thought it required too much work. But he enjoyed the sense of accomplishment it gave him. Greg was happy he was no longer bored too.
It was time for Mary to get a flu shot. She was very scared of needles. She wondered if the flu shot was really necessary. She decided against getting the shot. Mary got flu the following week.
James was turning 21. James wanted to celebrate his birthday. His dad takes him out to the bar to have a drink. They get to the bar and he orders a drink. James will never forget his first beer.
The boy up the street kicked the ball. The ball he kicked flew into the neighbor's yard. The kid was scared to get the ball. The neighbor came out and threw the ball again. Now the kid knows the neighbor is friendly
Jessie's friends invited her out. She wasn't allowed to. She decided to sneak out. She opened the window, and climbed out. Then, she ran off down the road.
We had dinner with my son in law Will's family recently. We were talking about eBay, as I am a dealer. I told the family Disney VHS tapes were selling well. They found about 20 tapes, owned by Will's sister. I offered to sell them but Will's sister refused.
The little girl had gone missing. The mother was sure she had been kidnapped. She searched for her every day for years. But the girl was never found. All the mothers in the neighborhood were terrified.
Shannon was online. She noticed that her favorite youtuber had a q and a. She decided to ask a question. Then, she watched the video. The youtuber did answer her question!
Alan was born in the southern united states. He had never seen snow before. Recently, Alan moved to Washington DC for a new job. Within a week the city got an unprecedented two feet of snow. Alan was overjoyed to experience his first snow storm.
Some teenagers were playing basketball at school. One of them, Keith, scored a three-pointer and won for the team. His teammate Sam gave him his cookie as a reward. Keith ate it gratefully. Keith loved the cookie and now buys them regularly from the store.
Missy was grilling one day. She was trying to carry a big bucket of water to her grill. Suddenly she slipped and the water fell onto her living room floor. Water soaked the carpet and she couldn't find a way to dry it. For days her carpet was sopping wet and squishy.
Tori refused to eat broccoli. Her mother could not convince her to eat it. Finally, her mother offered her twenty-five cents to try it. Tori finally gave in and ate the broccoli. She realized she loved it!
Phyllis decided she wanted a pet dog. She thought about a Great Dane, but they were too big. She considered a Chihuahua, but they were too small. She consulted a website and read about all the breeds. Phyllis is taking home her Pug puppy tonight.
In 1993, Catherine moved into our condo complex. She had a two-year old daughter, Amanda. Catherine was going through a divorce. She had tried to move to NH with her new boyfriend. Amanda's father went to court and blocked the move.
Gina was in a hurry to get to the store. She'd just stepped out the gate when her neighbor stopped her. He was looking for her dad. She had no idea where he was, but he was holding her up. She smiled politely and began her journey.
Marcus wanted to bring his daughter to the museum. He noticed that children under 12 got in for free on Tuesdays. Marcus' daughter was ten. He took her to the museum on a Tuesday. He used the money he saved on admissions to buy her ice cream.
The Jones family was heading on vacation. They hadn't been out of town in a very long time. They decided to go to the beach. The beach they went to had a very nice boardwalk with lots of shops. They spent an entire day walking up and down it, having a great time.
Wilbur was a very patient man. It took a lot for him to lose his temper. But when he had waited for four hours in the waiting room, he rose. He went to the desk clerk, yelled at him, and left. When he got home, he realized his appointment was for later that day.
When Paige was five she burned her hand. I would always tell her not to touch the stove. One day she did it anyway. We spent the whole night in the Hospital. She hasn't touched the Stove since.
Miley bent her head over the book to study the text. After making some grunting sounds, she grabbed the scalpel. She cut through the frog's chest and produced its still beating heart. Her teacher was surprised, because the frog was supposed to be dead. Miley shrugged and promised everyone fried frog legs very shortly.
Lars has been out of work for months. He has tried every local place he can find. Nobody will hire him or give him an interview. One evening he gets a call from his friend Tony. Tony gives him a job as a camp counselor.
Baby Charlotte loves music. Her aunt played her John Williams to see if she liked it. Charlotte's eyes got huge. Charlotte charged toward her aunt! She loved it!
Every Saturday night my friends go bowling. Last week they invited me. I was so excited to go bowling with them. When we went bowling I did not do very well. Even though I didn't bowl well I had a lot of fun with my friends.
Glen really enjoyed gardening. He had all the necessary tools for a perfect garden. After returning from dinner one evening, Glen went to his shed. He encountered a burglar taking all of his tools. Glen was too frail to fight, so had to retreat while the man fled.
Robin is a radio show host. One night while on the air a caller calls in. The caller asks Robin if she's happy with her life. Robin cannot answer the question. She walks out of the studio and quits.
Joanne had spent all day searching for her phone. She'd left it down on the subway that morning. After retracing all her steps, she was still phoneless. She decided to buy a new one and went online. Just as she was about to order, she realized she'd lost her purse too.
Joe needed to get some extra cash to make his rent. He decided to sell off his second car he doesn't use. Joe printed many flyers to hang around town. He took his flyers to the most popular locations. In a few days, Joe had many offers.
Martha's credit card debt had been building up. She wanted to pay it all off. She limited her expenses everyday. She paid off her credit card in weekly installments. After months of hard work, she was finally able to pay it off.
David was giving tourists a tour of the everglades on a small boat. He dangled a fish above the water so they could see a gator. Out of nowhere a  ten foot alligator lunged up and bit off his hand. While the authorities tracked the alligator, David rushed to the E R. David was later arrested for illegally feeding the alligator.
Allie loved her device. She used it all the time. Then she found out she had ten percent left. It was not good. She was near done.
Asia was starting third grade at a new school. She was scared because she was in a wheelchair. She feared the students would tease her because of it. But the class was not mean at all, only curious. Asia answered their questions and made many new friends!
A man and woman ran into each other in their cars. They got out of their cars. They had a discussion. They both were smitten by the other. They decided to go on a date.
I got new glasses this spring. In June I attended a graduation. I was cleaning my glasses when the left lens came out. I was able to put it back in. The next day I went and complained to the optometrist.
Tom got a new dog from the pound. It was incredibly annoying. Nothing Tim did would calm it down. He was completely untrainable. Tim kept it anyway.
Jen hailed a Taxi late at night. When the taxi stopped the smell coming out of it was horrible. As she needed to go home, Jen entered the taxi anyway. She opened the window to release the bad smell. And took big breaths as soon as she got home.
There lived a lonely old man by the name of Samuel who caught dogs. He was not paid to do it nor had to, he just enjoyed catching dogs. No one knows what happened to the dogs once he caught them. They believed it was a good service since the dogs were a stray. Police finally arrested him and revealed he was using dogs as food.
Jane woke up to the smoke alarm. She noticed there was a lot of smoke in the room. She dropped to the floor. She crawled out of her apartment quickly. Jane was safe because of her quick thinking.
Jeff went into his garage to find his tools. Among them, he noticed that his hammer was missing. He searched everywhere, but could not find it. He went back inside the house feeling defeated. Just as he walked in, he saw the hammer sitting beside the couch.
I had a very important test coming up. The night before, I came down with a bad cold. There was no way I could go to school to take my test. I called my teacher to explain the situation. My teacher allowed me to retake my test when I felt better.
I had been trying for ages to get the new birkin bag. When I went to the Hermes store they didn't have any in stock. Upset, I forgot about it. Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me. I jumped for joy and ran to the boutique to pick it up.
Matty had a pet snake. Everyone told him it was dangerous. Every day he would play with his snake. One day the snake bit him. He ended up selling his pet snake.
I was categorizing websites for a search engine. I opened a matchmaking site. I started laughing loudly. I told my husband what I had found. It was a website for polygamists to find more wives.
Maxine's baby was crying. She couldn't get him to calm down. She was checking everything to see if he was okay. Suddenly, she noticed a hair tightly around his toe. She removed it and the baby immediately became calmer.
In the morning I got out of bed a little late. To make up for lost time I did not make a lunch. By the time I left the house I was only 2 minutes late. The traffic was light so I made it to work on time. My boss had no idea I was running late that morning.
Allie got something in the mail. She went to go see what it was. It was a box of chocolate. When she got it she tried it. It tasted awful.
I really wanted to adopt a cat. I spent hours browsing cat classified ads. My roommate was allergic to cats so he said I couldn't adopt one. I still browse cat classified ads sometimes. I still hope to get a cat someday.
Janice was laying in bed one night. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain. She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away. The bite began swelling and turning red. She decided to go to the hospital, to be safe.
My sister was sleeping on her bed. The headphones from her ear suddenly fell off. She ended up rolling on one side of the headphones. When she woke up, she tried to listen to music with it. Only one side was working properly.
We were driving through the Blue Ridge Mountains in the early spring. It was so beautiful, we decided to pitch our tent and spend the night. We had trouble starting our campfire, but finally got it going. We slept very well, in the fresh air, though we heard some odd noises. The next morning, the ranger told us that a bear had been spotted.
Jeff was always afraid of rollercoasters. His friends finally convinced him to go on one. He was really nervous. When he got on he threw up in the middle of the ride. He promised never to ride one again.
Ed and Donna were playing frisbee by the edge of the woods. Ed threw it too hard and it sailed over Donna's head. It went right into the woods. Ed went in after it but the foliage was very thick. After searching for awhile, they finally left without their frisbee.
Helen went to a meat factory. She saw how some of the animals are treated. She decides to change her ways. She becomes vegan. She has since convinced others to do so too.
Justin is at a party. Justin wants to drink a beer. He finds a beer and opens it. He takes a few sips and spits them out. He then proceeds to vomit all over his shoes.
Albert was the eldest of several siblings. When Albert was just a teenager his mother died. His father was not available as he was incarcerated. There were no other relatives able to care for his younger siblings. Albert changed his career plans so he could care for his siblings.
Sid did hours research for a science project. He worked tirelessly building his model rocket in the garage. Upon completion, his model was by far the greatest in the class! One day, Sid's brother came into the garage with a candle. He tripped over a wire and Sid's whole project went up in flames!
Lisa was rushing to class, worried about being late. She wasn't paying much attention to where she was going. All of a sudden, she was wet and laying on the ground. She had fallen into a big puddle. Her clothes were soaked so she sat through class dripping wet.
Ginette told her husband that he wasn't affectionate enough with her. She wanted him to show a little more feelings. Her husband didn't know what to do. So he pet her on the head to satisfy her. Ginette took it as a sign of progress.
Jane really wanted to get the old lady next door a Christmas present. Only seven years old, Jane had very little money of her own. Jane's mother took her to the drugstore to shop. Jane spent all of her coins on a deck of playing cards. The lady next door was touched that Jane had cared so much.
Jake had completed many survivalist classes. The blizzard that had everyone else worried didn't concern him at all. He built a toasty fire and boiled snow in a pot over it. Then, he dumped a handful of pine needles in. His wife turned on the outside porch light and rolled her eyes at him.
Lucy wanted to cook spaghetti. As she was cooking, she got distracted. She realized she overcooked the noodles. Lucy's family ate them anyway. She was happy they did not complain.
Brad was driving down the highway. He started to hear a ticking noise in the engine. His car started to smoke. He decided to pull over on the side of the road. Brad couldn't believe his car had broken down.
Bob's shower ceiling was leaking. He called a plumber. The plumber found the leaking pipe. The plumber fixed the leak. Bob thanked the plumber for his services.
Tim put up signs in the grocery store. They offered his services as a dog walker. Soon people began to call Tim. He got a dozen clients in under a week. Soon Tim was walking twelve different dogs!
Andy had just made some soup in the microwave. It was too hot to hold so he grabbed a towel to use like a pot holder. As he was walking, he tripped. The soup spilled everywhere because he had no grip on it. He had to clean it all up and had no more soup to eat.
Shawn had always looked up to his dad. He thought he was the greatest man to walk the planet. One day on his way home from school he saw his dad's car. It was outside his teacher's house. Shawn never spoke to him again after catching him having an affair.
Sandy loved collecting shells at the beach. She arranged the shells around her home. One day, a friend came to visit. She said Sandy's house had a fishy smell. Sandy's gaze went to the shells filling every corner.
There was a new taco truck in tom's town. Tom loved tacos so he went there often. Then another one popped up nearby with even cheaper prices. Tom loved having both options available. He ate at both every week.
Bob traveled to 50 different beaches. At each beach he collected sand. When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles. Bob sold the exotic sand collections online. He made a fortune over the years doing this.
I had never been on a rollercoaster before and last week was the first I was frightened but also nervous to go on it. When the ride started I was screaming. Being not in control was frightening. After the ride I never wanted to go on it again.
Becky likes playing football with her mom on the weekends. Becky decided to try out for her school's football team. Becky was made fun of for being a girl who enjoys playing football. She continued to keep playing despite what the other kids said. Becky is glad that she continued doing what made her happy.
Jose once heard about underwater wicker basket weaving. People told him it was a ridiculous career. Naturally Jose chose to do it anyways. He learned to scuba, and how to weave the best baskets. And now one of the biggest youtube videos is him making a basket.
Kasey needed a dress for her pageant. She could not find one anywhere. She finally decided to have one made. She worked with a designer. They made her dream dress and she won the pageant.
It's fall, and that means more leaves in my yard. I don't like raking leaves! But, I realized it's good exercise. So, I went out and raked yesterday. I do feel more healthy today.
I walked home from school three times. It was a six mile walk. I had activities after school and could not ride the bus. My mom forgot about me and didn't check on me. She probably wasn't even home.
Finally school was out for the summer. I went home and my parents looked at me with an angry expression. I asked my parents what was going on? They told me that I needed to go to summer school. I thought they were joking, but they weren't unfortunately.
The dog ran into the woods. It was bit by a squirrel. It came back foaming at the mouth. The vet said it had rabies. The dog had to be put down.
As a child, Ken wanted to build a bridge to cross a stream in a park. Once older he realized that the stream was small enough to jump. Ken took a running start and jumped as far as he could. He only made it half way and created a terrific splash. He was soaking wet on his walk back home.
It was the end of school. A short boy bumped into a big boy. The big boy was angry. The big boy tried to punch the short boy. The short boy dodged and beat the big boy up!
I was walking a group of dogs through the streets. Each dog was very well behaved and none of them were pulling. Suddenly, a cat ran across their path and caused them all to run. I was dragged for almost a block before they were stopped. Now I keep them all on separate leashes!
Madi was hanging out with her little sister while mom took a shower. Madi glanced over to the table and noticed a pair of scissors. Then she looked at her sister's hair and saw how long it was getting. Madi grabbed the scissors and cut her sister's hair to her jawline. When mom got downstairs, she was sad to see sister's first haircut.
Emma was pregnant and unwed. She could not raise a baby on her own. She decided not to abort it. She had the baby and gave it up for adoption. Emma was satisfied with her decision.
Kim knew her neighbor, Todd, was good at fixing computers. So when her laptop broke, she sent it to him to fix. Tod quickly fixed what was wrong. But he also copied all of her pictures and videos on to his computer. And he wrote a program to crash her laptop again in a few months.
Jason was happy to be up in the air. For several years he had been trying for his pilot's license. Today was his last training flight. The instructor reviewed his performance. Jason got his pilot's license and was finally able to fly by himself.
Neil was backpacking through Scandinavia. He had visited Sweden and Denmark. He wondered where to go next. He unfolded his map and found his next stop. His next destination was Finland!
Meg's baby woke up with a fever. She took him to the doctor. He was diagnosed with chickenpox. Meg had to stay home with him for a week. Meg was glad when he finally felt better.
Maggie had been in trouble with the law when she was younger. When she married and had a kid, she was a great mom. She and her husband divorced and he filed for custody. The judge held her past against her and ruled for the husband. Maggie, despondent, fell back into a life of crime.
Elena was freaking out while she took her exams. She kept begging me to give her several answers. However, I didn't want to take the risk and I remained quiet. Before I left the class, she yelled at me. I tried to apologize although she ignored me for a week.
Once, when I was younger, my friends and I were in the car. My friend Dan was driving us to our friend John's house. Dan decided he wanted to "spin the car out really slowly", for fun. Of course, the car got stuck in the snow. We all had to dig it out, but we all had a good laugh.
Beth had the best spices in town. She decided to go into the meat business. She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat. Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town! She sold packs of sausage by the hundred!
Marie lost her dog this morning and was going frantic. She loved her puppy so much and it pained her to lose it. Marie started posting fliers all over town to look for her puppy. Finally hours later a friendly neighbor found the puppy. Marie was elated and sighed a sense a relief.
I had quite a few old clothes with stains and holes in them. I packed them up and donated them to the thrift store. One day, I decided to go into the thrift store for a look. The clothes they were selling were much nicer than what I had donated. I ended up buying several outfits that were on sale there.
There was a leak in my kitchen pipes. I tried to call the plumber but he never answered the phone. I knocked on my neighbor's door and asked to borrow some sealant. He only had glitter glue. Now my pipes are covered in glitter, but at least they don't leak.
Liam was determined to get into shape. He went to the gym every day. He had a workout perfected. He did the same routine every day. Soon he had big muscles.
Sam and Ellie met at adult education classes. Neither could read but each really liked the other! So each one offered to help the other study and learn to read. As they studied letters and words, they learned to read themselves. And soon they were reading each other books on their dates!
The city was running pipes to the new development. They broke a line and water started spraying everywhere. The city rushed to turn the water off. It was too late. The whole area was flooded!
Tyler plays poker every Thursdays with his friends. Tyler spent this week studying poker strategies. Tyler's doing well tonight. He decided to go all in for his last hand. But he lost and seems to still have much to learn about poker.
Emily was relaxing in her cottage. While sipping tea, she heard a knock on her patio door. She looked at the window and it was a begging baby kitten! Emily quickly brought it in, cuddled it and gave it milk. She named her Knocky, since that is how they met.
Margaret had a son. The son was playing with fire. Margaret told him to stop. The son kept playing with fire. So by accident he lit the living room on fire.
Eva wanted a tattoo. Her parents said not to and that she would regret it. But Eva was careful. She got a tattoo that meant something personal to her. Year's later, she still loved her tattoo.
Lilith was sure this was the end for her. She'd been sick for a week, and the last of her tissues was gone. This couch piled with blankets and used tissues would be her grave. Already she could feel her nose dribbling again, the end approaching. But she was saved when her brother returned & tossed a new box to her.
I went to the store to pick up some food. On my walk there I noticed an attractive girl. As I passed by, I asked her what she's doing. As time went on, I asked if I could have her phone number. I'm now sitting at home awaiting our date tonight at the movies.
Tom bought a new motorcycle. He was still learning to ride. One day he got into a minor accident. He wasn't seriously hurt but it scared him. Tom rode more carefully from then on out.
The weather prediction for today was very rainy. The rain storms throughout the day have become extreme. The local government issued a flood warning. The flooding has inspired an evacuation order. I plan to evacuate.
Gary was mowing his lawn. All of a sudden his lawnmower started sputtering. Smoke poured from it. A rock had gotten stuck inside. Gary got a new lawn mower through insurance.
Daryl went to a club to see a popular rapper. He saw a friend from high school who took Daryl to VIP. There, all of the drinks were free. Daryl drank too much and had to drive home. He was pulled over by police, went to jail and has to pay a fine.
Michael met a girl on OKCupid. They had gone on three dates. They were both very interested in each other. Now they are facebook official. Micheal deleted his account from OKCupid.
Steve wanted to get a hotel room for his mom while she was in town. She didn't come into town much so he was very excited. Steve booked a very nice hotel for her and offered to pay. When she got to the hotel it was very nice and she was pleased! Her time with the hotel was great and she reviewed it online after.
Bob started to make candles for a hobby. His friends like his candles and offered to buy them. Bob sold them for really cheap because they were his friends. Now they ask him all the time for more candles. Bob has to say no because it takes so long and they pay him poorly.
Amy was excited to go to volleyball practice. It was the first day and she was pumped. She played hard, but the other girls were really good. After 3 hours of practice she had only scored 3 goals. She was embarrassed since that was the lowest number on the team.
Candace had a doctor's appointment at 2:00 PM. She got to the doctor's office 15 minutes early. She signed in at the front desk and took a seat to wait. She waited over two hours for the doctor to come out. Just as she was about to leave, the doctor finally called her name.
I went to the theatre yesterday. It was amazingly fun. I didn't want to leave. However at one point we lost power. We then got scared.
A man peeked through the window of the home. He saw a jewelry box on the dresser. He broke the window and snatched it. He pawned all the jewelry for cash. He used that cash for drugs.
Cruz was in elementary school. He had a spelling test on a weekly basis. He usually studies for his test and gets good grades. One week Cruz was busy with his new game and didn't study. He failed his spelling test and was grounded from his new game.
I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy. Didn't think about it too much because shoes didn't mean much to me. After one month the shoes started to fall apart. I was frustrated and at the time I couldn't afford new shoes. For almost a whole month I walked around with torn shoes.
A lot was just bought. The owner loved the land. He built a house on it. The house had a gopher problem. The owner regrets buying the land.
Frank was the best shooter in his basketball team. The team was down by two points. His team had the ball, there was ten seconds on the clock. His teammate threw him the ball and john caught it, John shot the ball at last minute and scored a three.
Laura loved squirrels a lot. She thought they were very cute. One day, she walked outside of her house. Then, she walked up to a tree. After that, she was able to see a squirrel and feed it.
Jason loved all types of sea animals. He especially adored crabs. One day, he spotted a crab on the beach. Jason played with it for hours. Eventually, Jason decided to adopt the crab.
Ted has a ritual that he follows every night before he goes to bed. Sometimes, Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual. On those nights, he tosses and turns and can't sleep. Often, Ted will get back out of be in order to complete the ritual. Ted has been diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder.
Jack had diabetes. He was supposed to buy metformin for it. His insurance stopped covering it, and he didn't have the money. Jack never bought his metformin. Jack had to go to the hospital because the diabetes made him sick.
I walked into school furious. As a result, I didn't bother going to class and sat outside. Janice was walking across. She noticed that I was mad. He understood how I felt and decided to leave me alone.
David ordered chicken nuggets at a fast food restaurant. He took a seat at an empty table. He opened up his food. There was a piece of gum in one of the chicken nuggets. The cashier refunded his order.
Sarah was doing the laundry. She had too many socks to organize. She simply wore non matching socks instead. Her fashion sense became popular at school. Other people started copying her.
Michael was OCD when it came to cleaning. He was a mechanic and would often get dirty at work. After work he would throw away his dirty clothes. Michael had to buy new work clothes often. He ended up spending half of his monthly wages on clothes.
I went four days without taking a shower. I did it to save water. I felt very proud of myself. When I stepped outside, everyone ran away. I decided that I needed to take a good shower.
Jeremy went to the mall to buy a shirt. When Jeremy got to the mall, he stopped in Target. He looked at the section for electronics. Target was having a sale on cell phones. Jeremy bought a cell phone instead of a shirt.
Steven was happily married to Jessica. They planned a trip to New York together. On their way over there they met a fortune teller. He warned them not to continue with the trip. Steven and Jessica stayed home for the weekend instead.
Michelle was crossing the street when a car swerved right. It hit her in the chest. She felt down on the pavement, completely dazed. And when the paramedics asked her her name, she didn't remember. It took her a whole month before she could remember anything.
Amber was still tired when she woke up she took a little extra time to lay in bed she was slow getting ready she rushed around for work, and even drove over the speed limit she ended up being over ten minutes late
Phil went hiking with his friends. He wore sneakers since he didn't have hiking boots. At the end of the day, Phil's feet hurt. Phil had developed numerous blisters on both feet. When Phil got home he decided to buy some hiking boots.
Katherine enjoyed berets a lot. She loved wearing them as an accessory. One day, she realized she didn't have any more berets. Katherine immediately rushed to the store. Now, Katherine has a lot of berets.
William was a cobbler. He made shoes. One day, a woman came into his shoe store asking for a pastry. William kindly informed her that a cobbler does not make cobblers. He pointed her to the bakery next door, for which she thanked him.
Mark and Anthony went hiking in a cave. It was dark and cool. They explored the cave for an hour. When they came out, their eyes hurt from the sunshine. They decided to go explore other caves as well.
Flora was a single mom. Her daughter had special needs. Flora struggled doing things on her own. She met a man that really liked her. They got married and he helped with her daughter.
Len was trying out for the school play. It was his turn on the stage. Len forgot half his words. Len didn't get any lines in the play. He was allowed to work on putting up the stage instead.
Joe ran out of toilet paper. So Joe got ready to go too target. Joe was now ready to go too target. In target Joe got toilet paper. Joe is happy he has toilet paper.
Gina and her mom's kids didn't share a dad. She was born first, and had a separate dad. Her father had 3 children. She didn't live in the same state as them, so she rarely saw them. Of the 3, her favorite was her older sister Kim.
I worked in a factory. I had to stand all day. Thus, I developed flat feet. The pain was unbearable. I had to quit my job to rehabilitate my feet.
Tim was a great mixed martial artist. He had a championship fight coming up. Tim was the favorite to win. The fight went mostly according to plan. Tim became the new champion in minutes.
Tom was an outfielder on his peewee baseball team. He never saw any action. The kids just couldn't hit the ball that far. Then one day a ball zoomed towards him. Fortunately he was paying attention so he caught the ball.
John's old car was pretty broken down. The speedometer on it didn't work. He looked up an app for his phone to use as a replacement. He strapped his phone to a car holder. It worked well and was surprisingly accurate.
Elsa was struggling to feed her family. Their income was very limited. Then she decided to plant a small garden in her yard. There, she grew fruits and vegetables for her family. Elsa was happy to have found a way to help feed her loved ones.
Zeke went to the department store to buy some shoes. He went to the sales clerk and asked for a size 9. The clerk told him he needed to be more specific. Zeke pick up a boot and asked for it in a size 9. The clerk checked in the back and brought Zeke the shoe.
The dog went outside in the yard. There was something new in the yard. The dog sniffed it. The dog went inside it and slept. The dog liked its new dog house.
Pacey turned 12 last year. I bought her a duffel bag in her favorite color and pattern. She loved it, and has been using it ever since. She looked just like her mother at that age. It made me miss being a kid again.
Beth needed new contacts. She needed to see the doctor before she could get new ones. She wasn't looking forward to it. She went even though she dreaded going to doctors. As she left she was relieved it was over.
Marge had to take her clothes to the basement to do the laundry. One day she slipped on the stairs going to the basement. She suffered a severe sprained ankle. She could not get to the basement to do her laundry. Marge had a washer and dryer delivered to her apartment.
Tom was eating with friends. They went to a hispanic restaurant. The waiter told Tom the food was really spicy. Tom was used to spicy food. He really enjoyed his meal.
I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months. I barely knew the words, but it wouldn't get out of my head. On my way home from work I heard a song, the song. I followed it into a theatre for the arts. Where I fell in love with this girl dancing to TLC's No Scrubs.
Ana had witnessed a crime. She was called upon to testify in court. She was scared! But her lawyer assured her the criminal wouldn't see her. Reassured, Ana went and testified.
Davey was highly interested in technology. He joined his high school's robotics lab. He was hoping to spend most of his time designing cool robots. He learned that only a small portion of their tasks were design. Davey slowly soured on the robotics club.
Janet made a wish on a shooting star. She wished for tickets to her favorite game show. Janet wish came true. Her grandparents were able to win tickets. She attended the game show with her grandparents.
There used to be a candy store down the block from where Joe lived. One day, Joe was walking down the street and saw that it was closed. He asked someone who was walking by why it was closed. Joe didn't go there very often, but it was still upsetting. Now that Joe has kids, he has to drive three miles just to get to one.
The newspaper comes every week to the Smiths'. The Smith's didn't get their paper today. The Smiths called the carrier. The carrier brought them a paper. The next day the Smith found the lost paper outside.
The weatherman said to expect 2-4 inches of snow overnight. The snow started right before I went to bed. I woke up the next morning and looked outside. It was still snowing and everything was blanketed in white. When the snow finally stopped, more than a foot of snow had fallen.
Blair and his Boy Scout troop were going camping. They loaded up the trailer with all their food and supplies. Blair and five of the boys rode in a van. Two of the boys rode in the pickup pulling the trailer. After driving for two hours, they arrived at the campground.
The class went camping. They had to live like pioneers for the weekend. They made apple cider. They had lessons in a one-room schoolhouse. It was fun for a short period of time.
Susie wanted an iPad. She begged for it. Finally she looked under the tree. She saw one. She immediately hugged her parents.
There once was a princess who tried to write a story. She was really bad at it. A prince helped her to write a story. Her story was a success! Then the prince and the princess lived happily ever after.
Rose really wanted a new dining room set. She found a beautiful set on ebay for only $125, shipping included. She quickly ordered it at the buy now price, not wanting to miss out. Three days later a small box arrived. The dining room set was for a doll house!
Neil was at a restaurant. And he saw another person eating something he hadn't seen before. The person told Neil it was cow tongue. So Neil decided to order it too. But as he saw his order approach, he wasn't sure if he should eat it.
One time I went to get lunch at a local diner. I noticed that they had jukeboxes at each table. I tried to put money into the jukebox but it wouldn't work. I asked the waitress how to use it and she told me. After that I had to jukebox playing for my entire lunch.
Tom decided he wanted to see a comedy show. He found a list of shows that were performing in his hometown. Tom bought a ticket for a show that was not too expensive. He loved the comedy show. Tom was glad that he had finally seen a comedy show.
Boris was craving fish sticks. He decided to make some. Unfortunately, he did not have cooking oil. He decided to use lard. The fish sticks tasted foul because of the lard.
Stacy originally thought she wanted five kids. She and Bob first were blessed with a daughter. Two years later, they had twin girls. Now, Stacy is selling all her maternity and baby clothes. She says she has changed her mind about wanting five kids!
The man shaved his head. He could see the shape of his skull. He thought it had a funny shape. He decided to grow his hair back out. He wore a hat until it got long enough.
While I was in college, a hurricane hit the city. They cancelled classes due to safety concerns. At some point, the electricity went out in the dorm rooms. However, the emergency hall lights stayed on. My friends and I sat in the hall and played board games.
One night Charles and Dori decided to go for a midnight swim. They walked down to the lake in the warm humid night. The water was calm and still as they got in. They held each other and kissed as crickets chirped in the background. Charles and Dori will never forget that night.
Neil was in Nice, France. He found tons of souvenirs for his family. He bought a few items and took them to the post office. There he packed them in a carton and sent them home. His family loved their items when they arrived in the mail!
Rick had 2 hours of math homework due tomorrow. He had ADD and dreaded his nightly homework. He had been putting it off for hours. Finally, he opened up the math book. It was not easy, but by the time he went to bed, he had finished.
Samuel was a very political person. He decided to attend a local protest march. Samuel unfortunately got arrested at the protest. His parents were not happy about the arrest. Samuel agreed to not do any more protest marches.
I woke up to prepare for my first day of school. When I got on campus, this girl greeted me. She introduced herself and commented on my looks. We had a small conversation and exchanged numbers. In addition, she asked me out the next day.
The Wilsons packed and prepared for their trip to Disney World. They arrived to Disney World on Monday, and set out for Magic Kingdom. On Tuesday, they visited Animal Kingdom. On Wednesday, they went to Epcot and Hollywood Studios. On Thursday, they left to return home after a fun vacation.
Vanessa and Lily were having a camp out. They were in a tent in the backyard. Late in the evening, they heard a noise outside. They became really scared. Finally, they decided to go inside instead.
Eddie was a Mexican immigrant. He loved the USA like his own country. He married a beautiful big boned woman from the states. Eddie is sipping on a cold drink one day with his wife. The Feds show up to Deport Eddie on an expired Visa.
Sam always wanted to visit America. He got his papers in order and drove through the border. Once there he was stopped and asked several questions. Sam was noticeably nervous. Eventually everything was sorted and he was allowed to continue.
Shirley had the best cherries in town. Everyone kept asking her how she grew her cherries. Shirley would never tell anyone her secret. Shirley's neighbor kept seeing packages delivered to Shirley's house. The neighbor realized that Shirley bought her cherries from a store.
Tom bought some new furniture from the store. Once he got home he went to put it all together. During the process he realized he was missing some fasteners. He had to call the manufacturer and have them send him the parts. It took a few days, but Tom finally got the parts and put it together.
Jim worked delivering mail on a rural route. He had a flat tire on his jeep. Jim hurried and fixed his flat tire. He continued his route. The people on Jim's route got their mail a little late.
Lauren was cleaning out a closet and found a small box. The box was empty and it was purple. Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it. Her mother told her she could have it and use it. She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always.
Julia had just gotten a new kitten. She was so excited to have it. Julie decided left the kitten alone for a few minutes. The kitten scratched up her leather couch while she was gone. Julie was not as excited anymore to have a kitten.
I'm not a fan of sports. Most of my friends are, though. They convinced me to throw a superbowl party. I did so and a lot of people showed up. It was a lot of fun and I'm glad they convinced me.
Nell was excited to choose toys from the yearly Christmas catalog. She looked through the pages and found her favorite toy. Nell showed her mom a page of dolls in the catalog. Nell pointed to a black doll and looked longingly at her mom. Nell's mom quickly tried to steer her daughter to the white dolls.
Professor Smith was a well liked teacher of black history. At church one Sunday, a student stood by him to talk to him. Professor Smith didn't remember the student and was worried. The student was offended, plus, Professor Smith invited her to church! Professor Smith asked for forgiveness, he'd recently had a stroke.
The teacher told us that we can start the exam. Bradley managed to finish the exam within 10 minutes. A day later, the teacher found out that Bradley stole the test answers He changed Bradley's exam grade to 0. When Bradley saw him in person, he was also expelled from school.
I grew up with a neighbor friend of mine. She was my best friend. She started living the wrong lifestyle. We went different directions. I have yet to find another best friend.
Holly was in a car accident. She had several injuries. Holly had to spend time in the hospital. She had a lot of medical bills. Holly's friends set up a fundraiser to defray medical costs.
James had a good job, house, and car. One day a man came to his office looking for him. The man said he was from the government. The man was investigating who James really was. He said he believes James is actually a fugitive named Wilson.
Eddie was failing his maths class. He started getting lessons after school to help. After a while his grades began to pick up. The teacher even suggested Eddie think about a career involving maths. Eddie then went on to become an accountant.
Ferdinand joins some friends at the beach this weekend. He notices that many of his friends are more muscular than he is. Ferdinand decides to get a membership at a local gym. He begins a routine of pull ups and using the bench press. Soon Ferdinand notices that he, too, is becoming muscular.
Yesterday I went flower picking. I have a nice garden in my yard and went picking it in. I picked tulips and roses. When I was done I put it in a vase. I got so many compliments on the flowers.
I found her strapped to the chair. She was blindfolded and gagged. She was crying and seemed scared. She had been kidnapped. I broke her free and we ran away.
Jane's glasses had flown across the gym. She knew the odds they hadn't broken were slim. She grabbed the left arm of the glasses to inspect the damage. But the right side of the glasses fell back to the ground. She stood with her mouth open as her heart sank to the ground.
Ann bought a mini pine tree at the store. She took it home and cared for it. Soon she planted it in her yard. Every year it grew a little taller. By the time Ann's kids were born, it was three feet tall!
Jay had the same computer for a while. He started doing some research on building computers. He bought the part online. Once he got the part he started to assemble his own computer. His new computer is much faster than the old one.
Snapper found a litter of kittens. One by one they began to disappear. They thought she was killing them. Turned out she was moving them to another little down the road. She thought the kitten were simply lost.
Fred never used a shopping list. Instead, he went to the store and bought whatever he felt like. So he bought tons of groceries. And he imagined lots of great food he could make. But he only used half of the food he bought before it expired.
Lorelai looked at the mirror. She saw it was cracked. She went to talk to her husband. His hand was bloody. She knew he couldn't control his anger.
One sunny afternoon, Joshua went to the playground. He was intent on practicing the monkey bars. But when he got there he noticed that the playground was torn down! How would he ever learn to fly across those bars? Luckily, his friend Ginger told him about another park close by!
As punishment for breaking a window, Jake had to clean the fridge. Steeling himself, he began tossing leftovers and groaning loudly. Some things had sprouted hair; others were strange colors. Before he knew it, he began to laugh so hard that he was quickly done. Cleaning the fridge wasn't so bad after all, he decided.
Eli was late to his acting class because of the raging storm. When he finally got to class, dripping wet, everyone stared at him. All of Eli's classmates started twitching like they were possessed. When Eli picked up a baseball bat, they stopped and laughed. The class had just been acting to tease Eli for being late.
Sue was having one of those mornings where nothing looked good. She tried on 11 different outfits. A mountain of clothes accumulated on her bed. She realized she was late for work when she looked at the clock. Sue ended up just wearing the first outfit she tried on.
Julie's grandmother always loved gardening. Julie used to help her plant and trim her roses. One Spring Julie forgot to help her grandmother with the garden. The roses were in full bloom when she remembered to come. The roses from last year healthily sprouted up without their help.
Gina's mom thought Gina lost her phone. She had texted her to get milk at a test. Gina had the phone, and picked up the milk. Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk. Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap.
Ursula received a fur coat from her husband on their anniversary. It was so precious, she wanted to save it for special occasions. Occasions came and went, but none ever seemed special enough. When Ursula died, the coat still hung unworn in her closet. Though she had never worn it, it had given her great joy nonetheless.
The man put up his hand. His friend thought he wanted a high five. His friend went to slap the man's hand. The man pulled his hand back. He was surprised at his friend's action.
The kids were hungry and hot. Their mom said she would buy them ice cream. They got to pick out whatever flavor they wanted. They settled on chocolate and strawberry. It was a delicious treat and cooled them off!
The Zimmy family want to go on a vacation. They all sit down and talk about it. Everyone has agreed the vacation should be in Italy. They fly to Italy that weekend. The Zimmy family spent one week vacationing in Italy.
Tom wanted to host a party for Christmas. Tom decided on an ugly sweater party. He invited all of his friends. Everyone attended and had fun. Tom regarded the party as a huge success.
I was at a vending machine. But I only had my debit card on me. I decided to buy water for one fifty. But when I got home, it said I was charged two dollars. I decided to never use my debit card at vending machines.
Susie was friends with Tina. But she didn't want to be friends with her anymore. She felt that Tina was far too clingy. She told Tina how she felt. So that ended the friendship.
Penelope had noticed a huge fly in her house all week. She could see it flying around and landing all over things. She was sick of it and vowed to smoosh it. One day, she had a perfect shot. She aimed carefully and squashed the bug once and for all.
The kid was really excited about science this year. They had a new chemistry lab! He loved learning about chemical properties. He told his teacher he was excited to start experiments. This would be a great school year!
Cathy recently won tickets to a Marlins game from work. Cathy was excited to be attending her first baseball game. Cathy decided she would go to this Sunday's baseball game. Cathy even purchased a Marlins baseball jersey to wear to the game. Cathy was excited for her first baseball game experience.
Charles was curious of what it would be like to experience addiction. He went to the store and bought a carton of cigarettes. He smoked a pack every day, liking it more with each pack. A month after he began smoking, he unsuccessfully tried to quit. Unable to quit, Charles still smokes a pack of cigarettes every day.
Amy had always wanted to be a mechanic. She thought working on cars was a very interesting job. So, Amy focused in school and did very well. After that, Amy went to an engineering college and got good grades. Now, Amy is a very good mechanic and is known throughout the nation.
Robert started his very first job today! He is a cashier at a local bakery. He meets a lot of people through work. It makes him happy to meet more people around his town. He's planning on keeping this job for awhile.
Bob loves to fish. He takes his friends and family fishing with him. He wants to be able to go fishing more often. He decides to buy a boat to fish off of. Bob now goes fishing every weekend.
Ernesto is a cat. He likes to hunt bugs. Yesterday there was a fly on top of the desk. He jumped and caught the fly. Then Ernesto ate the fly.
I learned the hard way about love. I gave more love than I was given. One day I just stopped caring. My lover came back with the same old same old stuff. I divorced him and never looked back.
Nicky and her sister Jimmy had waited their whole life to take a trip. They decided to go visit their cousins in upstate New York. They set out from New Mexico in their fancy motor coach. It wasn't long before the sisters realized they were too old travel. With hurting backs and numb backsides they headed home.
Bob had a toothache. He went to the dentist's office. The dentist looked at his teeth. Bob was put under anesthesia. He woke up with three of his teeth missing.
Lilly woke up Saturday morning very excited. She was going on a long car ride with her father. She quickly finished her breakfast and dressed herself. She wore her favorite dress and best shoes. Her father carried her to the car and the car ride began.
The man brushed the horse. The horse liked to be brushed. It would normally stand very still to be brushed. The man hit a sore spot on the horse. The horse reared it's head in pain.
I was on vacation in an unfamiliar town. I was too proud to look at the map I brought. I knew I would find my hotel if I drove around. Soon I was extremely lost. After finally looking at the map, I realized I was in the wrong town.
I took my socks home and showed them off. Some were bright colors. I had 5 pairs of knee highs. I wanted to wear them all the time. By the next laundry day half of them were missing.
Andrew loved Christmas. He use to love when his father would dress up as Santa. So Andrew wanted to dress up as Santa for his kid. He came into the house during Christmas eve dressed as Santa. His son's eyes lit up and Andrew was glad.
Dave was backing out of driveway for work one day. While backing up, he felt a sudden thump. He got out and noticed a pothole on the street by his house. Later that week, Dave went to the store and bought some supplies. He returned home and fixed the pothole by his driveway.
Teresa invited her relatives over for dinner. She made spaghetti. One of her small cousins spilled spaghetti all over her floor. He felt so badly, but Teresa forgave him immediately. It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving.
Lily was a bank teller. One day a masked man with a gun came into the bank. He came to her window demanding cash. She put money into a bag along with a dye pack. The robber would not be able to use the money after it exploded!
Maeva got money for her birthday. She had a list of things to buy. She went out with her friends. They bought clothes. She went home.
Andrew was baking. He decided to make giant cookies with M&Ms in them. He'd always called them monster cookies when he was a kid. He pulled them out of the oven and couldn't believe it. They were just like when he was a kid!
Robert worked very hard to become a pro baseball player. He worked day and night to practice his skill. He finally gets a tryout with a team. He does very well in the try out. The team signs him to the team.
Neil was hiking through Greece. The country was full of ruins and lovely locals. Best of all, the Greek food and drink were unbeatable! Neil never wanted to leave Greece. He knew his heart would remain in Athens forever!
Jared had trained for his wrestling tournament all week. He dedicated hours to training. It got in the way of his grades. His principal had to tell him he couldn't compete. His grades were too low.
Cal ate too much for supper. His stomach was feeling sort of sour. He drank a white carbonated beverage. After a little while his stomach felt better. Cal resolved not to eat so much from now on.
We had a conference in Louisville, Kentucky. We all got together after the meetings to see Churchill Downs. It was amazing to see the track where the biggest race is held. We were so excited to see and read about all the history. It was definitely something we were happy to have done.
A man took his fussy 4 month old baby for a drive. Later on that day he called the cops claiming someone took his baby. The cops didn't believe the man and arrested him. He confessed to killing the baby by accident and buried her. The evil dad was charged and is now serving life in prison.
Ralph loved fly fishing. One summer he went fly fishing in Alaska. While fishing, he accidentally got a fish hook stick in his eye. Ralph had to wait until his bush pilot returned to get to a doctor. Due to the delay in his treatment, Ralph lost his eye.
Old Mister Lorenzo hated the young folks around his house. They messed with his yard and pestered his dog. He wished they would leave him alone. One day he decided to have a fence put up around his property. He found it eerily quiet afterwards, and later removed the fence.
Howard was bothered by a single wasp buzzing around on his porch. He decided to try and hit it with an electrified fly swatter. Instead of killing it, though, getting hit only made it angry. It immediately flew directly at Howard and stung him in the face. That day he learned just how resilient wasps can be.
Molly woke up very nervous for her first day of middle school. Her mom told her that she would lover her new school. While driving to school Molly began to think about seeing her friends. As soon as she got out of the car her friends greeted her with smiles. When Molly got home, she knew it was going to be a great year.
I was walking without paying attention. I stepped into something gooey. I looked down and it was concrete that hadn't been set. As it was hardening I screamed for help. Luckily, some construction workers came and saved me.
Amy wanted a special hair style for her prom. She looked online to find the right hair style. She took the picture with her to a hair salon. Amy was pleased with the way her hair turned out. Amy received a lot of compliments from friends at the dance.
Hector had a pet monkey named Chimples. Chimples loved to throw things. One day, Hector signed up Chimples for his little league team. Chimples threw the ball faster than any human pitcher. Chimples even won them the big game on Sunday.
Granny Jones was a tough country woman. One day, she heard her dog outside barking and yelping. She came outside and saw a raccoon attacking the dog. She ran in the house to get her shotgun. She shot the raccoon and the dog because it was injured and suffering.
One of my hobbies is designing jeans. Yesterday I designed a pair. I decided to sew them together today. When I was done I tried them on. They fit perfectly.
Mike worked at Pizza Hut for Years. He needed more money to pay rent. Mike told his boss he needed money badly. His boss decided to give him a $1000 bonus! Mike left work happy with his bonus.
Dan loved going into hospitals for one reason, the smell. Dan loved the smell of bleach that the hospital emitted. In addition, Dan loved to smell the freshly sanitized linens as well. Furthermore, Dan felt extra clean knowing the hospital smelled nice. Dan always loved the cleansing smell of hospitals.
Lana was trying to sleep. But she heard a cricket outside. For hours, she tried to ignore it. But eventually, she went outside and shooed it away. After Lana went back to bed, however, she heard the cricket again.
Gary saw an attractive girl sitting across the cafeteria. He glanced for a short moment. After staring at her again, she noticed. She walked to Gary with a mean face. Gary got into a fight with the girl.
Sally had always dreamed about auditioning for an acting role. She had performed in many plays during middle school. Sally found out a local agency was holding auditions for a new play. Sally was nervous but she decided to go an audition. She went to the audition and to her surprise won the leading role.
Kelsi was nervous to go on her first hot air balloon ride. She got some friends together and they went on the balloon. The balloon inched higher in the air and Kelsi tensed up. The view was amazing from high in the air. Kelsi was happy she went on the ride after all.
Nick was so excited about tonight. He had concert tickets to see his favorite group. Nick went home after work and got ready quickly. He got to the show super early because he was so excited. The concert was great, and Nick had a wonderful night.
After a day of planning, Stuart returned to the strong man game. Stuart had observed the worker periodically step on a small lever. He only did it when very large men tried the game. He planned to distract the worker off the lever. With his plan ready to execute, Stuart stood in the game line.
Tina wanted to spend more time with her mom. So when her mom invited her to go out one morning, Tina agreed. They left at 9 AM and went to several garage sales. Tina had hated getting up so early. But she loved spending time with her mother!
Jack wanted to ask his girlfriend to marry him in a memorable way. He enlisted his friends and family to help. It took three months to coordinate everything. On that special day Jack asked his girlfriend to marry him. She immediately said yes which made it all worth it for Jack.
Lori wanted to win a title. She was determined to go to the state competition this year. She practiced her talent every day. She worked on her swimsuit competition. When the local pageant came, Lori won a title.
Bobbie has been doing childcare for over 25 years in her home. She has a variety of aged children that come. Some of these children are still in disposable diapers. Bobbie changes the kids when needed as the parents bring the diapers. After she changes them, she throws the diaper in the garbage.
The gas station I frequent to buy coffee was robbed. I showed up one morning, and as I entered the door I was shoved aside. A man came running out and slammed the door into my face. Before I could collect myself, the clerk came running after. The man was a thief, and he was caught and arrested.
Bob went to the park with his dog Spot. He picked up a stick off the ground. Spot looked up at his owner expectantly. After some teasing, Bob threw the stick across the grass. Spot happily chased after it.
While I was in class today I felt something tugging my ear. I thought my hair was stuck in the chair, so I turned to free it. Instead, I saw the guy behind me holding my hair. He was sniffing it and grinning at me. Now I'll never sit in front of that guy again.
The family bought a new house. THey planted an oak tree in the front yard. After just a few years, the tree had grown very tall. They loved the reminder of how long they had been in that house. The tree grew another five feet that year.
I went to home depot and got a new plant. I put the plant on my balcony when I got home. Later that week something flew by my window. I looked outside to see what it was. I noticed a hummingbird on my new plant.
Will was a boy who was easily spooked. He watched a YouTube video called Lights Out. The video scared Will out of his wits. That night, Will's parents said he could sack out with them. Will slept in a sleeping bag in their room every night for a week!
Amy's loved cartoons. Her favorite was The Yogi Bear show. She and her sister would sit and watch it for hours. One day she told her mother how much she loved the show. Her mother told her this was a show she watched in her own childhood.
Max was the sharpest shooter in his battalion. He was chosen for a special mission to kill a family. After days of careful preparation, Max was in position and ready. When he had them in his sights, he could not pull the trigger. Max decided to go AWOL and is still missing to this day.
Mary got a gift from her parents. They decided she was old enough to have a pet. She came home from school to find a kitten in her room. She was so excited to take care of it. Mary named her cat Fluffy.
I have to exercise tomorrow. I need to get a good sleep tonight. I'm not sleeping well. That's making me stressed. I'm thinking about cancelling my workout.
When I was 12 years old, I met a boy who was 19. We started dating behind my parents' back. When they found out I had a boyfriend with a car, they were angry. They told me I could never seen him again. I never dated him after that, but sneaked out to see him one last time.
The grocery store near Amy's house is always crowded in the summer. The tourists came in droves and bought out all the condiments. Amy just wanted to buy some milk, but she got stuck in a long line. Every time she switched lines, they just got longer! Finally, Amy decided to eat her cereal without milk instead.
Molly was fed up of doing nothing. She decided to sign up for a yoga class. She drove to her gym a few miles away. At her class she learned how to breathe and stretch. Molly continued to go to these classes because it made her healthier.
Cole loved to watch television all the time. His parents worried that he would never find a job, though. Then Cole realized that he would be a great TV producer! So he studied hard - and watched a lot of television. After college, Cole earned great money producing TV shows!
Gina returned to her desk from the bathroom. She saw her friends Mary, and Rita talking to each other. They stopped and looked at Gina. Gina knew they had been talking about her. And she knew Rita had told Mary what she promised to keep secret.
Lou wanted to teach his son Nick how to drive a car. They both got up early at 8AM in the morning to start. He went over the basics as Nick started the vehicle. Nick pulled out of the driveway and headed to a stop sign. Nick made a gentle and complete stop to Lou's relief.
Cindy was walking down the road last week. She passed by a cute boy. When she turned around to look again he was looking too. She got nervous and turned back around. She was so out of it she stepped right into a building.
Yesterday I was hungry. I decided to make potato salad. It's one of those things that always takes longer than you think. Finally I had everything together and ready. I took my first bite, and was sad that it was too spicy for me.
Josh had just broke a very expensive pair of James' glasses. Josh felt bad so he took James to the mall. James picked out an inexpensive pair for a replacement. Josh let him know he intended on spending quite a bit more. James was happy his friend was so generous and got a very nice pair.
I was listening to music one day. Suddenly, my headphones stopped working. I did not have money for new ones. After trying to fix them, I gave up and cried. Then, I decided to just hum songs in my head.
Connie had been attracted to her coworker for more than a year. A holiday party was being arranged, and Seth would be attending. Connie was great at mixing drinks, and decided to 'wow' him. But just as she was taking him his favorite drink, she tripped. Connie was humiliated when the drink flew all over his dress shirt.
Sam had bad dreams every night. He had dreams about failing in school. He needed a solution. Sam decided to sleep with a nightlight. Sam never had a bad dream again.
I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone.
Susie was admiring the store windows. But then she saw that she wanted this certain necklace. So she went and walked right to it. But to her surprise she walked right into the door! Susie was beyond embarrassed about it.
Gareth decided to buy a hillside house. He found one that needed remodeling with three stories. A heavy storm caused a mudslide. Gareth's house was demolished. Gareth never got to move into his new house.
We loved going on the banana boat. Six people would get on this big raft. The boat would then take us around the lake. Everyone tried to hang on as best as possible. It was so much fun.
The sniper hid in the grass for hours waiting for his target to show. He pulled out his maps to see if he was in the right place. The target was supposed to show up 500 meters in front of him. Light rain began to fall from the sky. The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more.
Jan worked hard to lose fifty pounds. She treated herself to a big shopping trip to buy new clothes. She gave all her old clothes away since they didn't fit now. When the bill for the new clothes came, Jan got depressed. She ate her way back to her former size.
Kane heard a noise in her attic. She went up to check it out. It was a huge bat! She screamed and ran downstairs. Then she got her husband to get rid of it.
Harry was taking a train in New York city. He was trying to get back home but was really tired from working. Harry fell asleep during the train ride. When Harry woke up, he was at the wrong station. Harry doubled the amount of time it took him to get home.
John is making dinner tonight. He went to the grocery store and bought all the ingredients. He found the recipe online. The recipe looked delicious. He hoped he could make it right.
My wife went food shopping today. She was in the lobby heading out. The concierge said he had packages for her. She could have taken the packages later but did not. She came back up and is now food shopping.
Jim wanted to be an Astronaut. He signed up for a training program at school. They let him join a space program where he would go to space. Jim took up the offer and prepared to launch into space. Jim enjoyed the experience and decided to apply for a job.
Last night I decided to make some eggs for dinner. I got the eggs out and put them in the pan. To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray. I therefore added cooking spray but immediately there was a flame. I was terrified and immediately shut off the burner.
Todd always wanted to try to surf on the beach. He had some money so he bought a surfboard. He went to the beach. He got in the water. He surfed on his very first wave!
My coworker got married in 1992. He was 20 years older than his wife. His bride had a large family. During the wedding, the bride's brother yelled at his ex-wife. Luckily the wedding ended without fisticuffs.
My class was sent to the office. The nurses did physical checkups on us. We had to take off our shoes and stand still. She took our vitals, weight and height. Afterwards, we returned to class.
Jimmy thought he didn't have to follow rules. One day, Jimmy was burning some brush. On that day the community was under a burning ban. The burning Jimmy did that day caused a wildfire. Many homes in Jimmy's neighborhood burned down.
Every summer our family goes to our lake house. We have to spend a few days getting it aired out. Last year, we discovered a family of raccoons in the house. It took us 2 weeks to get them and all their hair out. Now we lock up our house much tighter when we leave for the winter.
Henry was anxiously awaiting the release of an album. His favorite band had promised a new album this weekend. Still the weekend came and passed with no new music. Henry watched the band's social media all week. Finally they uploaded the album along with an apology for the lateness.
A man wanted to see a popular play. When he got to the box office, they were sold out. He walked away and was accosted by a showdy individual. The shadowy individual offered his extra ticket at a special rate. This excited the man and he promptly paid.
He asked her to draw him a picture. She found some crayons and construction paper. She drew a picture of a house. Outside the house, she drew a picture of them together. They were standing in the sunshine, happy.
Damon had always wondered what was in his grandma's attic. He finally decided to venture up there. There was a lot of dust and cobwebs. Damon found a box with a large gold nugget. He took the nugget home to have it appraised.
Rob usually watched the news. But all of the negative events made him scared and depressed. So Rob decided to just watch children's shows and happy movies. And he felt much happier. But he begun to constantly worry about what was going on in the world.
Miriam was on a long flight home after vacation. Midway through the flight she began to feel ill. Before long she was being sick in the bathroom. Her sickness persisted all the way home. It was the worst flight of her entire life.
Rita was far away from home. She was supposed to get a ride back. The ride stated that they couldn't make it. She did not know what to do. She ended up taking a cab.
Riley is bullied at school. She wants to fight back. She gets hit. She fights back. Riley gets beat up in her fight.
I used to live in this trash apartment. There was a mountain of garbage piled against the building. I took it on myself to get rid of it. I spent all day bagging up other people's junk. None of my neighbors even said thanks.
Kate was thirsty. She looked in her fridge for drinks. She was sick of juice and soda. Then she thought of a tastier drink. She got water from the tap, and she loved it!
Gary loves to drive the bus. He loves the passengers, and thinks it's fun to meet new people. But a passenger came up to him today, and was mad at him. Gary didn't understand why he was mad. Gary hates driving the bus!
Every night we take a family walk. We go through the woods and around the pond. Today my sister found a four leaf clover. She will have good luck now! I can't wait to see what we find on tomorrow's walk.
I was playing with my dog and fell down the stairs. I heard my leg snap and my mom rushed into the room. We had to go to the emergency room. I found out I broke two bones in my leg! It took three months to heal and walk again.
Max was scared of bubbles. He found himself one day at a fair. There was a man blowing bubbles. A bubble popped right in front of his face. Max nearly fainted.
My friend's son had a knee operation. He is only 24, but had an athletic injury. My friend told me he was very low, being in pain. I sent him a card and a coffee gift card to cheer him up. He thanked me via email.
Matt asked Tina out in a date. Tina said yes. Matt got to the restaurant on time and waited. An hour past and Tina still did not come. Matt was stood up.
Owen was telling his friend a joke. He forgot part of the joke. The joke didn't make sense. Owen's friend didn't understand. Owen had to retell the joke.
Tracy was hosting Thanksgiving dinner for the first time. She was a great cook but had never cooked a turkey before. She wasn't sure whether to bake or fry the turkey. Tracy researched several recipes online. She found a recipe that looked great and everyone loved the turkey.
Jasmine wanted some cash. She found paid surveys online. She decided to try one. She answered all of the questions. At the end, she filled out her info.
During finals week, there was free coffee available in college. The coffee smelled so good that I helped myself to a cup. Immediately after I drank it, my heart began to palpitate. The caffeine kept me awake all night. I didn't do well during my final the next day.
My daughter decided to make her own ponytail. I gave her the brush and tie and waited. She went into the bathroom. When she came out, her hair was in a spray on top of her head. We called her a fraggle for the rest of the day.
The man smoked a pack a day. He got a bad cough. He became scared. He went to the doctor. The doctor was concerned.
Carl was at a concert. He went alone. He took a seat he thought was his. Someone else told him it wasn't. Carl checked and moved to the right seat.
Darcy had a dentist's appointment one day. She added it to her list of chores and set out for the day. All day she was busy running around doing errands. It wasn't until evening that she remembered her appointment. Luckily she called in and was able to reschedule.
Sam took his girlfriend to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show. New-comers were supposed to play a silly game, but she didn't want to. Everyone encouraged her to just do it and not be so serious. She just declined, and they eventually gave up. She always felt sort of lame after that.
Jerod asked Annie to be his girlfriend last Saturday. Annie said yes and the two have been inseparable since then. Last night they talked on the phone until 2 AM. Today Annie's mom met Jared's mom for the first time. The women agree that there will be a wedding by Christmas.
The man something in the sky. It was some sort of flying craft. It landed nearby. The passengers walked towards the man. The man worried that they were aliens.
The travelers were tired and weary. THey retreated to the lounge to relax. They sat in comfortable chairs and worked on their laptops. They were so relaxed, they missed their flight! The travelers had to sit in the airport all day!
Kelley had experienced the coldest night in a long time. She looked outside at her car and saw it was frozen over. Kelley shook her head in disbelief. She had to throw hot water on it to melt it. Even then it still was not ready for her to go to work in.
Zane was suppose to collect the chicken eggs from the barn. Every morning his dad expected him to clean them. He was also supposed to put them in cartons. Zane's dad then sold the eggs by the dozen. To Zane's surprise his dad gave him the money for his hard work.
I went shopping for my sorority formal. First I tried the big department store, but the styles were so generic. Next I went to the boutique, but no dresses were in my size. Frustrated, I went home and read fashion magazines. Finding the perfect dress in Vogue, I decided to sew a version myself!
My mother told me to look both ways before crossing the street. I didn't always  look like I should have. I walked into the street without looking one day. A car swerved around me, honking their horn. I screamed, and ran back to the sidewalk in terror.
I was shopping at Winco with friends. We were getting snacks for a trip, so I loaded up on chips and dip. When we got to the checkout line, I said I could pay for it all. When I tried to scan my card, however, it wouldn't accept credit. My friend had to run out to his car to get his money and pay.
William enjoyed reading the newspaper every day. One day when he expected the newspaper to arrive, it did not. He realized that the subscription for his newspaper had expired. William quickly ran to the newspaper office and renewed his membership. William was then able to read his newspaper with his coffee.
At some point, my parents thought I was old enough to mow the lawn. It was a gas-fueled push mower. The first time, I accidentally ran over a frog. I felt terrible. I stood in the yard crying.
Tim liked to post political memes online. One day a friend responded negatively to one. Tim felt insulted and started to argue. They both got offended at each other. Tim and the friend stopped talking afterward.
Last week I was playing in the city basketball championship. The game was tied and there was only three seconds left. My team had the ball and I got the pass. I immediately took the three point shot. I made it and out team won the championship.
Jessica was addicted to peppers but could never afford them. She decided to grow her own plant. It took a long time and a lot of patience, and she almost gave up. Finally one day the plant sprouted. Soon, Jessica had abundant peppers whenever she wanted them.
Lillie was always nervous leaving work. Her car was parked in a parking garage. One night, she heard footsteps and was soon attacked by an assailant. She got away and called the police immediately. She decided to pay more for outside parking and carried weapons.
Kate and her friends wanted a Hotel on the Las Vegas strip. But the one they had was east of the strip. This was their first trip to Vegas. And they wanted it to be perfect. They decided it was worth it to upgrade to a hotel on the strip.
Dan was feeling a little lonely. It was a hot summer day and nothing to do. He decided to call up his friends for a cookout. He went out and bought burgers and hot dogs. Dan came home and had the best cookout with his friends.
We decided to surprise the kids for Christmas Eve. We printed fake golden tickets. We had the kids put on new Christmas pajamas. We made tumblers of hot chocolate. We stamped their tickets before loading into the van to look at lights.
Margaret does the grocery shopping for her family of four. She never planned ahead for the week by making a shopping list. On average, she would spend $250 per week on groceries. This week, she made a list according to items on sale at the store. Her effort paid off because she only spent $180 this week.
Sarah got a flu shot on Tuesday. She felt extremely sick after receiving it. She went back to the doctor on Wednesday. The doctor ran tests. Sarah had an allergic reaction to the shot.
Ben had an interview for a promising job. He prepared throughout the week for the interview. Ben got his suit ready and made sure he had everything he needed. He woke up early on the day of the interview to rehearse his answers. Ben aced his interview and got the job.
Bernard was turning 16 years old and wanted a party. He talked to his parents about his party. They decided they would rent out a Mexican restaurant. Bernard ate a lot of tacos. He ate so much that he got sick.
There was an artist named Jacob. He was trying to become famous. He would paint every day to practice. One day, someone finally noticed him. The word began to spread and his work became famous.
Linda was playing basketball. But she began feeling really exhausted. The game was almost over, so she continued to play. But later, she found herself in a hospital. Her friends told her she had a heat stroke.
Wade decided to visit Peru during his time off. He took a plane and then went directly to Machu Picchu. He stayed there a whole week and fell in love with the place. He was so moved by his spiritual experience, he decided to stay. He wrote back home, resigned from work, and was very content.
Tina went to a birthday party. She swiftly moved between several people to reach Jen. Jen gave her a hug and asked what she's doing here. Tina was irritated and assumed Jen didn't want her to come. They argued for a minute.
Roger wanted to play tennis as well as Roger Federer. Roger was blind though. He would listen for the sound of the ball bouncing. Then he would chase the ball and hit it. No one ever told Roger all his balls never landed in the court.
Kate's friends were getting married. She couldn't afford anything on their gift registry. She decided to buy a knock off online. She bought the real one from the registry store. Kate returned the real one after the wedding.
Chris liked fancy showers. He bought a new showerhead for his bathroom. It had lots of different settings. Chris was so relaxed every time he took a shower now. He looked forward to using the showerhead every day.
It was a week until pay day and I was out of money. I dug through my car for money and found a dollar and half a soda. It wasn't much and I needed food. So, I took a chance and bought a scratch and win ticket. Holding my breath, I scratched it and won $10!
Sean woke up one morning feeling very sick. He knew he should stay home, but he didn't want to miss school. As soon as Sean got to school he vomited everywhere. All of his friends saw and he was very embarrassed. Sean really regretted not staying home that day.
Three students were asked to write a short play for class. It is not easy to get three young ladies to agree on a play. One student wanted to write a mystery play. The other two the play to be about their lives. Finally, the students agreed that the play would be about a puppy.
When i was in college i was too worried about my weight. During vacant time all i do is eating . Until i get fat and gain  weight. I tried all vitamins that could make me slim and lost weight. But nothing has changed,i'm still fat and loves to eat.
Gina's mom hadn't picked her up from her grandma's And she was really ready to leave. At 10 PM her grandma was ready to go to bed. Gina wanted to sit up and wait for her mother. But her grandmother insisted she get ready, and go to sleep.
We went to dinner last night. The waiter took our entree orders but not our salads. We got our soup and salad and the entrees at the same time. When we were done we could not find our waiter to get the check. We liked the food but the service was terrible.
Some terrorists took some girls hostage at my school yesterday. The police came, and cordoned off the area. The Terrorists shouted from the windows for their god. Eventually the Police had enough. The SWAT team entered the building and shot the terrorists dead.
Skip is skiing. Skip falls off his skis. He lands on top of a rock. Skip cannot get up. Skip has broken his leg skiing.
Luke was a very good driver. He was also a criminal and was hired for a bank job. Luke noticed the man in the building had shot someone. Luke didn't want to be involved in a murder so he left. He noticed his partner come out of the building but kept driving.
Sandra and her friend loved tacos. Weekly taco Tuesday's did not provide enough tacos in their lives. Sandra declared there had to be a way to have more tacos each week. Her friend slyly mentioned to her that Thursday also began with a T. Taco Thursday's has been created!
Tim was acting up at home. His parents kept trying to reprimand him. His grandparents kept trying to defend Tim's energy. Eventually he was too much for even them to handle. They joined in on reprimanding Tim.
Frank wanted to play a trick on the town so he buried bones in yard. A month later he dug them up and pretended to have found a dinosaur. Team of scientists came in to examine Frank's discovery. All the scientists did not know what to make of this discovery. They concluded he found a new species called Frankosaur.
Tina went to the pool yesterday. She immediately jumped in. All the sudden she screamed in pain. She scraped herself. The pool bottom was too rough for her.
Tim's wife suggest he get out more. Tim calls his friends to do something. They decide to go and play basketball. Tim spends hours having fun with his friends. He had a great time playing basketball.
One day I drove from Florida to Texas. I was about halfway there when I thought I saw a cop. I sped up to see if it really was one ahead of me. He noticed and pulled me over. I got a ticket and had to go to traffic school.
The three friends went to a football game. They were all excited about going. They bought their tickets and booked a hotel room. When they got to the game, they were sad to lose. However, they were glad to have spent time together.
The best part of the Easter parade was the candy. The Easter bunny rode on a big float. He threw candy to the children as the float moved along. Jimmy and his friends has their baskets ready for when he went by. They gathered all kinds of different candy that day.
The Ellis family couldn't find their cat anywhere. They didn't think she could have gotten outside. They searched and searched, calling for her. The youngest son sat crying in front of the Christmas tree. The he noticed her sleeping high up in the tree!
Abby recently learned that her lounge chair was broken. Abby decided to look for a new lounge chair. After some searching, Abby found the perfect chair. In addition, the chair was Abby's favorite color, purple. Abby was excited for her new lounge chair.
The man got into the car. The car seat was very hot. The man started sweating immediately. He complained to his friend. His friend bought seat covers.
Liza did not have enough money to buy a dress for the dance. She bought some shiny blue and green fabrics. She combined them into a dress she thought looked pretty good. At the dance all the girls raved about her dress. They had no idea it was homemade!
Katie lived in California. She woke up one afternoon to her house shaking. Her pictures on her walls were uneven too. Katie turned on the news to see an earthquake had hit in her town. She was scared but glad no major damage was done.
David realized his marriage was at stake. David took up anger management lessons. He also talked to a counselor. He also talked to a therapist. He told his that his anger was in control from now on.
He hugged her tightly to his chest. They were lying in bed together. He said he was sorry for what he had done. He promised it would never happen again. She trembled with fear, not believing him.
A construction company wanted to build a bridge over a river. The lead engineer wanted to try out a new technique. He built the bridge without using any concrete or steel. The bridge was held for 45 seconds without collapsing. All the debris blocked the river and created a dam.
My household is struggling to make ends meet. To help, I got a second job. Even my mother working extra hours. My father, who's a truck driver, is making as many runs as he can. I hope with all that, our money troubles will soon be over.
I was never afraid of snakes. I loved my brother's snakes. I took them out and played with them. I fed them every week. I thought they were cool creatures, and vowed to work in a zoo someday.
Jesse walks dogs for several clients throughout the day. One day, Jesse had a terrible experience while walking a client's dog. The dog broke free from the leash Jesse was holding. He saw the dog run into the road after a bird while a car was coming. Jesse told the client about the accident while offering a refund.
Tom had a debilitating disease. He had to take medicine every day. One time he had people over. Someone took Tom's medication. He wasn't able to get more and felt horrible for a while.
Harry was a vampire wannabe. He and his friends liked to dress with capes and wear fake teeth. People always made fun of them but Harry didn't care. However, when he almost bled to death he had to change his mind. He was so scared of his own blood, he renounced the lifestyle.
My gray roots have been driving me crazy for two weeks. I keep saying I'm going to color my hair but I never do. Tonight, I vowed to color my hair before bed. I made sure Greg could watch the kids and then I colored my hair. My hair came out fabulous and I feel great because of it.
Cam wanted to be a photographer for the high school yearbook. But try as he might, he just couldn't seem to get on the paper's club! So he decided to create his own photography album. He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play. And at graduation, he distributed his own homemade photo album to all!
Barry needed to do his groceries but his car broke down. Barry decided to use the bus. Barry went online to research the bus routes. He went to the nearest bus stop and waited for the bus. The bus came and Barry was able to go do his groceries.
Mindy was scared of roaches. She thought they would one day take over the world. One day she got out of bed for a glass of water. She saw a roach on the floor. Mindy nearly fainted.
Carl was really hungry. And the nearest place was a convenient store. He felt like having sushi. And saw a tray of sushi in the refrigerated section. But it was so mushy and tasteless that he couldn't finish it.
Sally liked to play with dirt. One day she was in her yard digging in the dirt. She saw something jump over by the garden. She threw her hat on top of it. When she removed her hat, there was a frog.
Bob really wanted to get into Harvard. Bob was scared that he wouldn't be good enough. Bob filled out his application and sent it. He received his reply in a week. Bob had been accepted to Harvard!
Robert snored in his sleep. His wife couldn't sleep because of his snoring. Robert decided to ask his doctor for suggestions. His doctor gave him some medication. Robert stopped snoring but unfortunately became very gassy in bed.
The man put on his shirt. It ripped in the armpit. He asked his wife to fix it. His wife could not fix it. He threw away the shirt.
I'm not very fond of bees. When I was younger, I accidentally stepped on a bee's nest. They were pretty upset, and stung me a few times. That would have been the end of it, but it turns out I was allergic! I ended up spending a night in the hospital.
It had been too long since Norma had made any art. She had once considered herself an artist first before anything else. Over the years life had piled on additional responsibilities. This was taking a toll on her psyche as she felt like she was lost. She vowed to make time to express herself through art again.
My father asked me to borrow money. Since my brother took money from him, I was confused. I recommended that he should borrow money from my brother. He got mad and threatened me. Unfortunately, I had to give him $50 dollars.
Tim closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word. He stretched for a long time, massaging aches and pains away. Finally, he pushed away from the desk, his old steady companion. Smiling to himself, he realized he was a free man. The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room.
My three-year-old found her swimming goggles. She put them on and climbed up on the couch. I tried to scold her for climbing on the couch. She looked so silly in the goggles that all I could do was laugh. She jumped down and climbed into my lap and laughed with me.
Ron was a terrible student. He did not like to study. One day he decided study and do his homework. He noticed a slight improvement in his grades. Now because he studies, he is a model student.
Ken wanted big muscles like his friends had. He hated being so skinny and weak. Then his cousin bought him a set of weights. Ken lifted every day after school. Within just a few months, he had developed big muscles!
The elementary school started a tradition. They set up a egg drop contest. They dropped eggs from the roof. Those in containers survived. They won the contest.
I love eating pasta. Pasta is my favorite dish. I decided to make my own pasta. It took me many hours. It paid off because homemade pasta is the best!
Daniel loved dinosaurs a lot. He liked them because they were very big. One day, he found a big green toy dinosaur. Daniel played with it for many hours. After a while, Daniel gave it to his friend who didn't have one.
A mouse that lived in a house was hungry. So he searched through the bedrooms, living, and dining room. There was only crumbs there though. But the kitchen, the kitchen smelled so good. Thereon a counter he found a giant piece of cheese and soon full.
Chris needed some extra cash for clothes and CDs. She set up a small lemonade stand in her front yard. Neighbors and passersby stopped there all day. At the end of the day she counted her earnings. Chris was very pleased with how much she'd earned!
Billy decided to visit the duck pond. She loved to go for some peace. She brought a piece of bread to feed them. The ducks didn't like it. Billy ended up going home.
I have a wolf who is like family to me. I call her my sister. I took her for a walk to see the neighborhood. She wanted to chase the squirrels. She really enjoyed the walk.
After Maria got dressed, she decided she needed to do some work. Maria sat down at her laptop and looked at her schedule. Maria had to write a review for a new movie today. So, Maria looked up showtimes for the movie she had to watch. Maria found a showtime at 8:30 PM that day.
Ken modified his car. He made it lower to the ground. One day he had to get out of a steep driveway. His car got stuck half way. Ken was embarrassed and decided to raise the riding height.
Jim really wanted to show his dog at the annual dog show. But his dog was very bad-mannered and always ran away. Bob took his dog to obedience classes for four weeks. Bob's dog learned how to stay when Bob commanded it. Bob and his dog entered the contest and won second place.
John walked over to a bus stop and sat down. A strange homeless man walked over to him. The man began to talk to John in a nonsensical way. John began to fear the man's insanity and decided to leave. The creepy man watched John until he left the station.
Jim wanted to teach his son Mike how to ride a bike. Mike was hesitant at first since he had tried before and failed. Jim encouraged his son to keep at it and promised it would come. Mike was eventually able to keep the bike upright and stay on. He enjoys riding his bike now everyday after school.
Glen was playing basketball with a friend. He got aggravated since Glen made too many shots. When he had the ball, he ran towards the hoop. Glen tried to defend him but he got pushed to the side. His friend continued to the hoop without checking on Glen.
Corey wanted to make french toast. He didn't have any bread. He walked over to his neighbors. They let him borrow some bread. He made french toast.
Fred and his wife Carol have been arguing almost every day. Fred decides to get away from home one weekend to think. He visits his brother to discuss his marriage problems. When he returns home, Fred tells Carol he wants a divorce. While they are both sad, they know it is the best thing.
Antoine's favorite color was pink. He had pink shoes and pink socks he borrowed from his sister. When Antoine wore his pink clothes to school, the class laughed. Everybody thought pink was only for girls. Antoine didn't mind and kept wearing pink anyway.
Suzy got a new phone. She never thought she would be getting an iPhone. But it was cheaper than normal. So she could afford it. Suzy loved the phone.
Rocky was an extremely nervous man. He was always jumping at even mildly surprising sounds. He was walking through the house when his cat surprised him. The tray of beads he was carrying flew in the air and all directions. The falling beads surprised his cat who bolted away.
Jeff is playing soccer. He is practicing his goal kicks. While making a kick he slips and falls. He cannot get up. Jeff broke his leg slipping on the grass.
The family bought new furniture. When their sofa arrived, it wouldn't fit! They pushed and pushed but it wouldn't budge. They had to send it back to the store. The family sat on boxes that night.
Nancy tried to clock out of work early to attend a party. She turned her assignments in and left at five. Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat. He threatened to fire Nancy if she left early. Therefore, Nancy worked for an additional hour.
Terry told his parents he was gay They disapproved and threatened to kick him out. Terry was very upset they reacted that way. He had to tell them he was joking. He decided to move out when he can.
Billy loved collecting postage stamps. His grandpa got him into it. Billy went to visit his Grandpa yesterday. They had a great time looking at all the old stamps. Billy and his Grandpa enjoyed spending time together.
None of Amy's friends called her to wish her a happy birthday. She did not get mad but rather felt sad. She wondered whether they cared. She heard a knock at the door. Her friends had come over to throw her a surprise birthday party.
Tom had a dog he was trying to train. He bought a dog whistle to use on it. Tom tried it a few times but it didn't do anything. Eventually he took it to a dog park. It didn't do anything there either.
Today I was cooking hamburgers inside. I had the pan on the stove. It was really hot. The grease splattered and got on me. Now I have a blister.
We have some neighbors that make us miserable. They are a lesbian couple that fights nonstop. They smoke illegal drugs in their backyard while they burn a fire. Our house filled with with so much smoke the fire department came! Now they only burn fires and do drugs in their garage.
Martha had been working hard for weeks. She was knitting a blanket for her grandson. When she was finished, she boxed it up and mailed it to him. He was thrilled! He slept with the new blanket every night.
Bob gets ready to leave. But he realizes that he can't find his wallet. After searching his entire house he still can't find it. He calls the police to see if anybody has turned it in. Bob is relieved when the officer tells him his wallet had been found.
Lucy went with her grandma to get the mail at the road. There was a Schwan's catalog in the box. Lucy couldn't believe all the delicious looking meals in the catalog. Her grandma let her choose 3 meals to order. Lucy felt like an adult as she chose the 3 meals.
Quinn was in trouble at work. She hadn't checked the schedule and had missed work. She yelled at her boss to post the schedule in a better place. The boss told her to go home until her attitude was better. Quinn said she would quit.
The waiter suggested the special of the day. The guest ignored him. The guest asked for more time. The guest asked about the specials. The waiter sighed loudly.
Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store. The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old. He attempted to make the kite by himself. After 2 hours Tim gave up. He decided he would ask his father to help him.
Ed got a real bunny for Easter. He kept it outside in a hutch. He checked on his bunny Fred every day. One day when he went out there were six bunnies. Ed had five babies so was quickly renamed Edwina.
Pastor Tom was preaching on Sunday. He preached about ways to care for other people. He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church. People listened to his message and decided to help. Pastor Tom collected many pounds of food that Sunday.
James lives in Texas. Texas is prone to tornados. James prepared for this. He bought a tornado shelter. So when a tornado strikes he will be safe.
Eric didn't want people to think he was racist. So he made sure to have a few friends from each race. He celebrated all the religious holidays too. But in the end, he had to give it up. He hated all those people and wanted out.
Jon was applying to college. He couldn't figure out what to major in. His friends recommended computer science. Jon researched computer science and liked what he read. He decided to major in computer science.
We drove home wearing our costumes. Many people stopped us in the parking lot. Some people wanted to take pictures. My bloody princess costume was a huge hit. I smiled, really happy that everyone loved it.
Dan had a son named John. John got into trouble at school for being disrespectful to teachers. Dan grounded John to his room for an entire month. During that time, Dan noticed John's attitude improve. John hasn't disrespected a teacher since!
Jamie thought she was amazing at art. She painted a piece that she displayed in a cafe. She arrived there early to watch. A couple of people stopped to take a look. No one bought her painting.
Tom was trying to make copies at work. The printer didn't work. He got frustrated and tried ripping out the ink cartridges. They exploded on him. Tom was covered in ink and had to go home to change.
Florence has always dreamed of being a mother. For Years she saw her friends getting married and having kids. She worried that it would never happen for her. Finally Florence met a man, married him and had kids. She felt very relieved to be having baby.
I saw a video tutorial to make a hammer. I had the materials and chose to make one. I saw down with my tools and put everything together. When I was done, I had a great looking hammer. I decided to put decorations on it to make it look fancy.
Julia wanted a new haircut. She hated the way her hair looked. Julia then decided to go to the salon. When she got there she had the salon work its magic. The finished product looked terrible.
I barely had any sleep last night because of the thunderstorm. The school bus also came to my school late. There was too much traffic on the road. My day became worse when I came to class. I forgot to bring my homework from the table.
A mom and her daughter Lucy played with Play-Doh. They build a snowman. Lucy took snowman into the window. The snowman fell apart. Lucy cried.
Tom and Keira had been together for years. They had arguments, but lately they'd been fighting. One night at a restaurant, Tom got mad and threw a bun at Keira. Keira got furious, and threw her fries and drink at Tom. Now they were in a full on food fight and were quickly asked to leave.
My instructor told me to wash my hands before going to the kitchen. I put on my apron and gloves for safety. He showed gave me some raw macaroni to boil. I placed it in the pot and added it with salt and pepper. 20 minutes later, I took out the pasta and it came out cooked.
Timmie loved football since he was a small child. He even played through elementary and high school. Things got serious when he realized agents were watching him. He played even harder to possibly make the NFL. He was soon drafted into the NFL as a first draft pick.
Harold had done a lot of work to his house. His last project was new carpet. He carefully laid it over the subfloor. It looked wonderful! Harold couldn't wait to show it off to his family.
Hannah wanted to become a Youtube vlogger. She designed a channel and put up several videos. At first, none of them were getting much attention. Then one day she shared a video on a Facebook group. Suddenly she got several views before her whole channel blew up.
Kevin and Chris went to the beach for a relaxing day in the sun. When they reached the beach, they enjoyed the sun in their chairs. It got really hot out there, so they went in the water. They looked over to see a fisherman with a shark hooked on the line! They scrambled quickly out of the water and stayed out!
A little boy sat under the apple tree. He saw an apple fall. He wondered why it did that. His interest soared. He studied it for years.
Shay really wanted to become a dancer. She had never been trained in any dance form. Shay signed up for a jazz dance class. She had so much fun and picked it up quickly. After she completed Jazz she tried ballet, hip hop and tap as well.
Jen had to grab a few ingredients. She ran into the grocery store. She forgot what she was supposed to buy. She wandered around the aisles of the store. She finally remembered what she was supposed to buy.
Stuart had always seen the newest movies out. He'd even watch some before they came to theaters. He told everyone his dad was a famous producer in Hollywood. We all found out that he was lying. He was arrested for illegally downloading movies off of the internet.
The nation had been obsessed with the new show all summer. It was time for the finale! The plot took twists and turns. The ending was something no one had expected! The viewers hoped there would be a season 2.
Cassie decided she wanted a new purse. She had plenty of purses but she wanted a black one. She finally found the perfect one. However, it was a bit out of her price range. She decided to wait to buy it.
A woman named Georgette found a plant that made money. She was in dire need of money, so, she harvested what she could. She tended to it daily, hoping for more and more. Although she had so many questions she continued to support the plant. She received all she needed and more from the plant.
Tasha was terrified of the monster under her bed. Her mother said there was nothing there, but Tasha was still scared. One night she called for her mother to check under the bed again. Her mother insisted there was nothing, but Tasha had heard noises. Her mother got quite a surprise when she saw a rat scurrying!
Jamie was excited to be allowed to babysit her brothers. She would have a legitimate reason to boss them around. Her brothers were not so excited. They made a plan. They agreed it was worth the 2 week grounding afterwards.
I wanted to learn to surf. I went to a surf shop and asked for advice. The guy showed me a good board for beginners. I bought the surfboard and went home. The next day, I brought the board to the beach.
Tom only ate eggs. He ate them for breakfast, lunch and dinner. He didn't like the taste of anything else. One day Sue cooked him pasta. Tom loved it and never ate eggs again.
Zach wanted to become a stockbroker. He studied and trained hard to learn to be a good stock broker. He finally got a job selling stocks. He became unhappy when his customers lost money. Zach quit being a stockbroker and became a minister.
America was attacked by Japan. This hurt America and demoralized her people. The President decided to launch a counter attack. The problem was, most of his ships were destroyed. The President finally decided on an airborne attack.
Alex needed to fax his ID to his workplace. He had already tried an e-fax two times. So far, his boss hadn't received anything. Alex decided to look for a business that could help. He found out that the post office could do it, and had it done.
Long ago, humans were hunter-gatherers. They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture. Agricultural societies made large cities possible. These cities produced greater and greater technologies over time. Now, in the information age, the future seems very uncertain.
Kiley wanted to earn extra money to help pay for her vacation. She began earning money by becoming a tutor for high school English. The work was very rewarding and she enjoyed being around kids. She tutored high school kids for a month. With the money she made she was able to finally afford her vacation.
It was a rainy day. My friend and I found my grandmother's old clothes. We decided to play dress up. Both of us dressed up like princesses. Our parents loved to see our creations.
Charlie loves chocolate. In fact, he has his own factory. He walks about his factory very well dressed. The only way to see the factory is to have a ticket. Charlie eats himself out of business.
Ida wanted to grow her own tomatoes. She planted the seed and tended them often. She remembered to water them every day, too. At harvest time Ida picked her tomatoes. They were juicy and delicious!
Charlie went to food truck event at the beach. He said they had a ton of trucks there. He tried food from a few trucks. He said the food was great. I am going to try to go next year.
Braden bought a bike for his son. His son had never ridden before but Braden would teach him. After three weeks of trying Braden still couldn't teach him. Then one day his wife tried and the son was riding in within the hour. Braden laughed and congratulated his wife and son on a job well done.
One day a few years ago I was on a road trip with a friend. We were on the road in his old beat up car. We were driving along just fine when all of a sudden we start swerving. My friend immediately pulled of to the side of the road. The tire had blown up so we changed it and everything was fine.
Jenny was playing with her yoyo. Her friend Bobby walked up. He asked her if she wanted to see him walk the dog. She was confused because he didn't have a dog with him. He laughed, taking her yoyo to show her the trick.
When Ginny was six, she got a red bicycle. Ginny couldn't wait to ride it. On her first ride, she rammed the bike straight into the garage door. Ginny was so worried that she had damaged her bike. Luckily, both Ginny and her bike were unscathed from the impact.
Jasmine was going to make a bowl of cereal. She realized that all of the bowls were dirty. She yelled at her boyfriend for not washing his dishes. Then, they argued over whose dishes they really were. Finally, she gave up and washed a bowl herself.
Jerry went to a bar. When he tried to get a drink, a buff man approached him. He asked if he can get a drink. When Jerry refused, he got punched in the face. The man took his credit card and withdrew all of his money.
My wife's boss Sherry listens to audiobooks while driving. She has a 90 minute commute each way. Recently she recommended two books. I bought and read the books. I told Sherry the books were pretty good.
Amy's best friend Beth joined the Army. Amy was shocked since Beth wasn't very disciplined. It was the day she was leaving and Amy dropped her off. As she walked away Amy had a hard time accepting she was leaving. Beth waved goodbye to her teary eyed friend.
Helen walks with a seeing eye dog because she is blind. She decides to take a late night trip to the corner store. While inside she becomes witness to a robbery. She listens intensely. Helen tells the Police about the events that occurred.
Bill was about to be a father. That means his wife was having crazy pregnancy cravings. She wanted Mcdonald's french fries and 711 nacho cheese on them. So Bill went out and shoveled snow out of the way to go get her food. He managed to get back just in time to get to see her water break.
My wife and I decided to put new floors in our home. We decided on using bamboo as our flooring material. I decided that my wife and I should do the installation ourselves. It took two weeks but we finally installed it ourselves. We love our new floor and can't wait for another project.
The couple took a special trip. They were going to see the Great Wall of China in person! It was some amazing scenery. They were honored to be near such important history. They took lots of pictures of the wall.
I was late for school. I didn't have time to get ready. I decided to go in my pajamas. The principal noticed. He gave me detention for violating the dress code.
My brother and I decided to go fishing. We walked through the woods until we got to the creek. After fishing for about an hour, it was time to go home. We took the same path home through the woods. Suddenly, I fell in a hole and hurt my ankle.
Brad loved being out on the ocean. Brad did not want to be away from the ocean. Brad started looking at buying a houseboat. Brad found a houseboat that he loved. Now Brad never leaves the ocean!
Lacy was so tired of not being able to park in her garage. It was stuffed with so much junk. Lacy had a huge garage sale and sold tons of stuff. She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage. She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare.
Martha picked up a pizza at the store. She put it in the oven when she got home. Then, she went to take a shower while she waited. When she came out, she smelled burning. She ran to check on the pizza, and saw it was completely ruined.
Kelly had been working at her company for three years. When she arrived to work today she found out she got a new boss. Kelly was both surprised and relieved. Yet to her dismay this boss was mean. She found herself missing her old boss.
Megan's son was getting sort of big for baths. She decided to let him try out a shower. At first he hated it. Then, when he got used to it, he got really happy. He loved to splash around in the water.
Josh liked fishing. One day he went out on the water and saw an alligator. He did not move the boat at all. He waited until the alligator swam away. He then paddled back to the shore as fast as he could.
Tom wanted to be a great stage performer. Tom knew his voices needed to be more manly and powerful. Tom found a private place where he could be very loud. He went there every day and yelled loudly for about thirty minutes. Now, Tom is well known for his deep and powerful stage voice!
I decided to go to the supermarket at 12 am because I had free time. When I got into the market, went straight to the canned food aisle. As I reached for my favorite can of soup, I dropped the box next to it. It fell and splattered all over the floor. Now, I hate boxed soup.
Gina didn't like the new boy in her class. The teacher looked for a place to seat him. But there were no empty desks in the class. Gina smiled thinking he would go to another class. But the teacher just called the janitor to bring a new desk.
Vince wanted to go to the party on Saturday night. His parents asked him to clean his room before he can go. Vince decided not to clean his room at all. His parents explained that he can't go to the party. Vince stayed home and cleaned his room on Saturday night.
Cassie was a very small and frightened cat. She was afraid of everything. A large tom cat tried to get to her one day. She tore up the curtains trying to climb into a window. Her brother had to scare the tom cat away.
Tom took Suzy on a date. They went up to an overlook. It caught the sunset perfectly. They held hands as the sun went down. It made both want a second date.
Mark loved to travel. He visited the West Coast many times. Mark thought going to Ireland would be cool. Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend. When he got there, he proposed to his girlfriend.
Peter couldn't stop sneaking food from the kitchen late at night. During her last shopping trip, his mom bought all his favorites. Unable to resist, he gorged himself on cookies, chips, and candy. He didn't sleep a wink that night due to a severely upset stomach. Peter's mom's plan had worked and he discontinued his midnight raids.
Tiffany loved shredded cheese and crackers in her soup. She asked her boyfriend to buy some at the store. When he got home, she dug through the bags. Disappointed, she asked him where the crackers and cheese was. Her boyfriend handed her cheese crackers with a big smile on his face.
Lela loved reading books on rainy days. One rainy day, she decided to try and read three whole books. She got through two books, and then her head started to hurt. Lena took two Tylenol and began reading her third book. She finished her third book just as the rainy stopped and the sun set.
Amy had 2 offers to work at stores near her home. One had horrible parking, but paid more. The other offered a better discount. Amy liked both of the store and would loved to work at either. After weighing her options she went with the job that paid more.
Gina couldn't find a dress she liked for the prom. As a last resort, she went to the fabric store to look at patterns. An employee at the fabric store helped her adjust a pattern. Then, Gina picked out a gorgeous blue taffeta. Gina went home and made the perfect gown on her own.
Laura wanted to buy items on a video game. She told me that she was going to buy some, but I didn't want her to. We debated about that topic for a solid 10 minutes. I ended up giving in and letting her win. Laura bought her item on her video game and was happy!
A hook salesman stood on a street corner and looked for customers. No one seemed to want to buy his goods. The salesman got an idea. He took his biggest hook and tied string to it. He then swung it at people and dragged them towards him.
Justin met his friend at the bar. They each ordered a beer. Justin drank his first. Justin started to drink his friends beer too. Justin's friend guzzled the rest of his beer.
John was worried about taking his GRE test. He did not feel comfortable doing any of the math problems. He studied everyday for months. On the day of test, he felt confident. When he got the results, it turned out he passed with flying colors!
Kim wanted a change of scenery. She decided to take a trip to another city. She drove out by herself. The drive was a bit tedious but nice. She enjoyed exploring new areas.
One day Sloane and her friends went to the beach. Sloane jabbed a stick at a crab. The crab tried to attack her. She ran away. Everyone laughed.
It was bedtime for Malia and she was yawning. Not wanting to be sent to bed, she quickly covered her mouth. Mom saw the yawn and the cover-up and smiled. Mom patter Malia's head and kissed her, a sure sign it was bedtime. Mom tucked Malia in and she was fast asleep in moments.
Anne decides she wants to paint her toenails a fun color. She gets a beautiful red nail polish at the store. Anne spends the afternoon painting her nails. They look terrific. Anne is glad she painted her toenails.
The spider made a web. A deer knocked over the web with his head. The spider fell on the deer. The spider lowered himself from the dog with a strand of web. The spider went back to fix his old web.
Courtney liked her dance school. Hip Hop was her favorite class. She learned new moves every week. When she had mastered those, they taught her some more. Courtney was excited about all the things she would learn for recital.
I took my wife out to dinner tonight for her birthday. It was Lent so we went to a seafood restaurant. She had scrod, I had fried clams, and my son had fish and chips. The food was very good. My wife had a good time.
Tom was expecting company. Tom wanted to be a good host. Tom prepared tea. Tom served the tea. Tom's guests liked the tea very much.
Judy is in need of a new car. She heads to the dealership to find the perfect one. She chooses the Ford Mustang. She couldn't be happier with her choice. She finally had her dream car she always wanted.
Susie was going away with some friends. She really needed to pack a lot of items. She ended up packing five suitcases. It was far too much. She could not even carry it all.
Mary decided to go out for a ride on Sunday. It was a nice day to relax. She went through the countryside. She saw all the beautiful sites along the way. She had a relaxing afternoon.
Jason and Elsie were sitting in class. One day everything around them began to shake and tumble. The teacher screamed earthquake and everyone hid under their desks. Jason and Elsie were scared and held each other's hands. The earthquake stopped and everyone was a-o-k.
Tom went to the doctor for a yearly checkup. He signed in, and sat down to wait. While waiting, he watched television. The doctor called him back, and Tom followed instructions. Tom had a great checkup.
The first grade teacher asked the students to name red things. She gave the example of a sunset. One of the children mentioned a tomato. She told him that was a great example. The teacher gave the student a gold star.
Stephen's cat always scratches his couch. He went to the pet store to buy a cat scratch pole. Stephen cares for his cat and bought the most expensive one. Stephen's cat loved the scratch pole. To Stephen's dismay, the cat got tired of it after a week.
Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin. But Charles wasn't a rider, he didn't even have a good bike. The club's leader said Charles had to own a bike to get in. Then he said Charles had to ride on a trail with the club. It was tough on Charles but he rode the trail and joined the club.
I met my future in laws finally. They are such a nice family. They were very welcoming to me. I felt right at home. I am so happy we get along.
I had a knack for getting free things on the Internet. In one day, I got a free fish tank and a free bed. I returned home. I was happy with the free stuff I had gotten. My roommate was happy that I got free stuff, too.
Tim was at the gym. He was lifting weight. He needed someone to spot him. He asked a random stranger and they hit it off. Tim and the other guy became friends.
He jumped up excitedly. He ran to his mother. He said he was ready to go. They jumped in the van. They drove to the playground.
Jason was playing on the floor building a card house. His younger brother ran in the room knocking down the house. Jason was furious. He jumped up and shoved his brother. His mother saw and punished Jason.
Ellen was a nurse. She helps a lot of patients per day and it's very tiring. She deals with a lot of anxiety. She got an anxiety attack. She had to be helped in the same hospital she worked for.
Sarah was reading through her Facebook news feed. She noticed a political op-ed that caught her interest. As she read through the comments, she spotted a really rude one. She confronted the person, which lead to a long fight over the post. Finally, she realized she had wasted her time and deleted everything.
I bought a cheap set of nail clippers. I attempted to cut my nails, but they didn't work. Looking closer, I noticed they didn't have an edge. The clippers had been sold without being sharpened. I now use my clippers to scrape junk from my dirty dishes.
Carlos is driving home from a night out with this boys. Carlos hits something in the road. The car starts to slow down. He pulls over to see what's wrong. Carlos got a flat tire and called for help.
Tina decided to go and buy some sausage. She liked sausage but couldn't eat pork. She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage. To her delight it tasted good. She was bound to buy more of them.
Nic sent out a mass invitation to her family and friends. The invitation to Kay's birthday party immediately got some responses. Nic opened the first response. She was happy to read the acceptance to the invitation. As more affirmative responses came, Nic felt more relaxed.
Arnold goes to the gym. The gym was packed. He could hardly get his workouts in. He had to constantly wait for other people to finish. He decides to leave.
Alex was in his basement looking for a box. Suddenly, he heard some whimpering. He looked in the corner and found a group of puppies. It turned out that his dog had been pregnant. He decided to keep one and give the rest away.
Kate had gotten a headache from headphones. But she was on the road in a car driving to Vegas. And she had no pain relievers. A sign stated there would be a gas station in 20 miles. She realized she would have to just sleep until the next gas stop.
I wanted to buy a yacht. I went on Craigslist. I found a good deal. I gave the dealer an offer he couldn't refuse. He accepted and I finally had a yacht!
The man was swimming. He went to the deep end of the pool. He got a cramp. He tried to swim out the pool but the cramp was severe. He lost his strength and drowned.
Jeff wanted to start investing in some way. He read that the best investment is a company's retirement plan. He asked his employer if they provide a retirement plan. Turns out they did and the company matches five percent. Jeff signed up and is now saving for his future.
I went to a Korean barbecue restaurant with some friends. They ordered beef tongue for us to eat. I had never eaten tongue, and I was very nervous. I tried it. It was surprisingly delicious!
My baby brother was playing with a toy. He ended up throwing it in the air. It landed on my mom's head. She held the baby to slap him on the back. He cried immediately.
Anita drove far into the mountains to interview an actor. The interview lasted until five in the morning. Anita wanted to sleep but the actor suggested she leave. Her car slipped on the icy road so she stopped driving. She stood on her car's hood and took a picture of the landscape.
Jason made a new friend in geology class. His name was Austin. Austin was different outside of the classroom. He took Jason to a desert to ride motorcycles. But they also met a group of girls in an off-road truck.
John and Jane went out to dinner. They sat at the table and placed their order. The waiter brought them their food. John accidentally knocked over his plate! John had to clean up all of the food that he spilled.
Frank was attending college. He had not yet decided his major. He pondered over it for a while. He thought that he might make a good architect. He decided that he would pursue that career.
Billy was swinging his golf club. He was at the driving range. The swung the club. The head of the club came off. He held onto the handle.
Ollie had bought a video game. He didn't end up liking it much. He decided to take it back to the store. There, he chose a new game to replace it. The new game was much better.
Martha had a day off from work. She wanted to watch reality television. So she saw the marathon. It was great. Before she knew it it was over.
Jim had trouble paying attention his class. And his doctor diagnosed him with ADHD. He was given prescription medicine. But it only made him very anxious and depressed. Jim ended up failing school.
I prepared for a job promotion many years ago. However I was passed over every time the position opened. I wanted to file a lawsuit but was scared I would lose. I filed the lawsuit anyway and some people  made my life hard. I am glad I filed that lawsuit because I won life is good again.
Myles is noticeably weak from an illness today. He has a fever, runny nose, and a dry cough. His mother gave him a bath to loosen up his congestion. The bath worked excellent to open his nasal passages. It also helped to reduce his fever and is sleeping well tonight.
Beth was walking to the store. It was raining and she only had sandals on. As the water got into her shoes her feet began to itch. She tried to ignore it but it was too annoying. She ended up going back home to change into boots.
Cindy was taking her two small kids to the zoo for the first time. When they got there, her kids were amazed by all of the animals. They loved seeing all of the animals. The one thing they didn't like was the shark tunnel. Other then that, it went great.
My husband and i decided to get a Welsh Corgi from a breeder. We drove 80 miles to get her, my husband held her on the drive back. He kept asking what these black things were all over her. She had fleas, how could he not know what fleas were? He is from Vegas, he said there are no fleas there, how crazy!
My husband is an excavator. He owns many pieces of heavy equipment and large lawn mowers. When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe. He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor. He has gotten a lot of confidence because of this.
I take an elevator to get to my office. This morning the elevator got stuck. I was waiting for help for hours. Because I was stuck, I was late for work. My boss was angry at first, but then he laughed.
When Cally returned home, she noticed her rug was askew. She was always very neat, so this immediately made her wary. As she crept through the house, she noticed a door also ajar. She was on the verge of calling 911 when she saw movement. She was relieved when her friends leapt out, yelling 'Surprise'!
Tom was depressed. He did not take proper care of his hygiene. He decided, enough was enough. He promised himself to floss every night before sleeping. Tom solved his oral hygiene problem by acting on the commitment.
Dan recently changed locations for his job. Therefore, Dan had to look for a new apartment. Dan looked through Craigslist, and found an apartment he liked. Dan decided to meet with the landlord and view the apartment. Dan like the apartment so much, he made a deposit that day.
Jacob left school at 16 without a clue on what to as a career. He picked an apprenticeship as a mechanic as he liked cars. After his first week of work, he felt a bit demoralised. He loved the work, but some people he worked with were misogynistic. He learned that some professions unfortunately breed certain cultures.
Bob was really interested in the product the company was selling. He went to their website with the intent to buy it. As soon as their page opened, a popup filled his whole screen. Bob couldn't find the close button on it to dismiss it. Frustrated, he closed the tab and didn't buy the product.
Mac and his friends were off on a boys weekend. They had decided to go to the casino. They were playing different games throughout the night. Mac approached the roulette wheel and put it all on black. The ball bounced around forever before finally settling on black.
This summer I got a job as a student teacher. I'm helping summer school students this year. Not even 10 minutes into the job, I've had boogers wiped on me. Someone else decided to pee their pants, which I had to clean up. Now I feel like the kid who won't stop crying for his mother.
Emily had her very first job as a babysitter. She arrived at the home of the children and got to know the family. The parents left and she fed the children dinner. They played the rest of the night until bedtime. When the parents got home, they paid her.
I secretly recorded my recent performance review. My told me things I know he should not have. I filed a civil lawsuit in federal court. The defense argued my evidence was inadmissible. My lawyer objected, the judge agreed and we won the case.
Franny spilled some nail polish. She quickly grabbed some cleaner. Then, she sprayed it on the carpet. After that, she gently rubbed it with a towel. Luckily, there wasn't a stain left.
The other day I was channel surfing. There wasn't anything good to watch. I kept flipping thru channels hoping that would change. Nothing ever changed. It made me realize I'm wasting my life.
My friend Fred is a pushover to his kids. His daughter Monique is going into the seventh grade. She had to read a book and do a report over the summer. She finished the book but did not do the report. I told Fred to ground her but he will not.
Brad was sad. There was no more juice. He didn't want water. His mom suggested he put sugar in water for better taste. Brad was amazed at how wonderful it tasted.
Ann wanted to fix an extra special meal to impress her new in-laws. She fussed over a complex recipe she'd never tried, fingers crossed. Her guests arriving, Ann found her dinner stuck to the pan in a mess! Ann decided the best thing to do was confess the truth. Over a bucket of chicken, they laughed, shared, and felt like family.
Tom used to have his own boat. He had to sell it. Now he just comes out on my boat. We have such a great time together. Now I have someone to help me clean my boat.
Gina's music teacher was out sick. After a month the new music teacher suggested they send a card. The whole class signed the card before it was sent to her. Gina wanted to go to the hospital. But the teacher was already out and resting at home.
My son Robert absolutely loves the game of football. He decided this year that was going to be the theme of his birthday. He gained permission to have his party at the local football stadium. All of his friends came and played a friendly game of flag football. He told me this was his best party yet.
Becky was excited because her cat was ready to have kittens. She made a special spot for the soon-to-be mama cat to give birth. That night, Becky heard the unmistakable sound of new kittens. She couldn't find the mama and babies in the special spot she made. Becky followed the sound to find the kitties in the bathtub.
Dj smelled a foul stench. He realized his son's diaper needed changing. Dj didn't have a spare diaper. He took off his shirt and used it as a fresh diaper. He left the dirty diaper in the fast food restaurant's trash bin.
Tim was asked to show the new student around. He was to wait in the school office for a student named Reagan. Waiting for the student to arrive he wondered what they would be like. Tim assumed the person would be tall like him and a boy. When the person finally arrived it was short girl dressed all in blue.
I decided to go on vacation to America. My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich. I agreed with him. I went to a cafe in New York City and ordered a grilled cheese. It was not tasty.
Nell's teacher admired her artistic student. She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals. Nell enjoyed the project, matching animals to the letters. When she came to the letter X, Nell was stumped. The teacher was impressed that Nell drew an X-ray of an animal.
Dan wanted to buy a kazoo. He went to the music store and picked one out. When Dan got to the counter he realized his wallet was missing. His face turned red with embarrassment as he put the kazoo down. Dan fled home vowing to not ever forget to bring his wallet again.
Bruce had always wanted to be an announcer. His older brother became famous doing it. He finally got his chance. It was a small promotion but worth the exposure. His voice cracked during the first line.
The Philadelphia Eagles opened their 2016 football season on Sunday. They were at home against the Cleveland Browns. Starting a rookie at quarterback, they completely controlled the game. They beat the Browns by a final of 29-10. The rookie threw several touchdowns with no picks and looks good.
The friends went to the pool. They went to the deep end to swim. They had a good time swimming. They stopped for lunch. They got lunch at the snack counter.
John needed new shoes. He did not have any extra money. He decided to get an extra job to help pay for his shoes. He finally saved up enough. He was excited to buy his own shoes.
Hank wanted to run away. He built a raft. This raft took him far down river. He had many adventures. Then he went home.
A very short man was cursed with a very high voice. When he applied for a loan at the bank no one took him seriously. The bank associate kept asking if his parents knew he was doing this. The short man cursed at the associate for being so rude. The associate laughed because it was funny to hear such a man curse.
Ryan took a great picture of his mom. He put the picture up on Facebook. He marked it "Public" so all his friends could see it. Later, he went back to check on his post. Over a hundred people had liked his picture!
Susie was going on her first Easter Egg hunt. There were dozens of children lined up, ready to go. While the other kids grabbed the close up eggs, Susie ran to the back. She was able to pick up over 20 eggs before the other kids got there. She felt very pleased with herself.
Joey was about to leave the house. He realized that he did not have his phone. He looked under the couch, bed, and in the bathroom. The phone was not in any of those places! He found the phone in his jacket pocket!
Miles went to the doctor. He was having problems with his blood pressure. The doctor told Miles he needed to stop smoking. Miles eventually quit smoking. His blood pressure went down.
Celia was working on her genealogy, doing some online research. She happened upon a family tree with some incorrect information. It bothered Celia to see this misinformation being published. She sent an email offering the corrected information, including proof. The website's owner thanked her, making Celia feel appreciated.
The man ironed his shirt. He left the iron on his shirt for too long. He burnt the fabric of the shirt. He threw the shirt away. He ordered a replacement shirt online.
Daniel and Dave decided to go on a road trip. They were going to drive from Texas to Kansas. Along the way they stopped at a diner in Oklahoma. Dave got food poisoning at the diner. The two decided to go back home to Texas.
Sam's local church was looking for good singers to perform on Sunday. They had no idea that Sam was trained for years in singing classes. He showed up to audition for them on Friday night. They were blown away by his range and decided to make him a member. That Sunday Sam outperformed the whole choir and was given an award.
Keith had hit some rough times. He lost his job and his girlfriend in the space of a month. To cheer himself up, he entered a large March Madness tournament. Keith made his picks meticulously, and spent hours researching. Ultimately, Keith won the grand prize of 15,000 dollars.
The Jones family went to the beach every summer. This year they decided to do something different. They decided to go to the mountains. The kids were not happy at first. However, the vacation ended up being fun and memorable.
Kito and his mom wanted milkshakes. They drove to the store to get ice cream. Then they went home and scooped it into the blender. After adding milk and blending, the shakes were ready. Kito and his mom sipped them contentedly!
Sam wanted to ask Jen to marry him. He could not think of a romantic place to propose. Finally he decided on asking her at a local restaurant. They ate dinner. He proposed after dinner when she said yes.
Biff needed some dirt for his yard. While ordering dirt to be delivered he mixed up the amounts he wanted. Next week, a big dump truck dumped tons of dirt in a pile in his yard. Biff did everything he could to spread the dirt and use it up. Five months later, he has a nice dirt sculpture in his yard.
Bob was rafting with his friends. His kayak started to leak water. There was a hole in his kayak! Bob swam out of the river. He patched up his kayak with some tape.
Peter sat on the subway train. A beggar made his way down the train, intermittently shaking a cup. Peter wondered how to politely turn the man down. As the beggar neared, Peter began to feel guilty and sympathetic. In the end, Peter gave the beggar five dollars.
Kelly bought a new gadget. It was a fancy touch screen tablet. She had a lot of fun playing around with it. She played some games and scrolled through facebook on it. Kelly was thrilled with her new purchase.
Matt visited France while on vacation. Matt took a tour of a French vineyard. At the vineyard they had a wine tasting. Matt became ill because he tasted too much wine. Matt was stupid and blamed the French for making him sick.
There was a severe thunderstorm last night. I was awoken by a loud bang. I figured it was just lightning. In the morning I saw there was a hole. A big tree branch fell through my roof.
Kate and her friends were looking for a Vegas nightclub to party at. They found one that was supposed to be a nice place. The bouncer stood at the door all by himself. There was no line out front. Which they should have taken as a sign it was sure to be boring.
My windows let in too much light. I ordered curtains and a bar. When they arrived, I set them up. I closed the curtains and they cut off all light. I sat in my chair and relaxed.
Tim Hines was single for most of his life. He was almost 50 when he finally met a girl he wanted to marry. Unfortunately for Tim, the woman did not want a husband. When she rejected his proposal he became very depressed. Last week the paper said that Tim Hines died of a heart attack.
Al couldn't hear anything out of his new headphones. He got another pair and still nothing. He figured his phone was the problem. He took it to get looked at. They told Al that the headphone jack was turned off.
Joe went to the airport to catch a flight to visit some relatives. Unfortunately, his flight was delayed due to bad weather conditions. Joe had to wait a half day until another flight was available. Afterwards, Joe flew on that airplane and arrived at his destination. Joe was very happy that he was able to visit his relatives.
A general and his men were surrounded in a fort. The enemy army began to break down the doors. The general and his men fought the soldiers off as hard as they could. Suddenly, an airplane flew overhead and the enemy army began to run. The general's reinforcements arrive and the day was saved.
Fred wanted to go on the water ride. He was looking forward to it. Then unfortunately he was not allowed. He was too short. Fred was so upset.
Tom loves old movies. Tom went to the theater expecting to see poor quality modern movies. He was pleasantly surprised. He saw Furious 7 and enjoyed it. He was pleasantly surprised by the great modern movie.
Dad took his son Don to the kindergarden. Don did not like it there. Dad got call from the kindergarten. They said, Don run away. They found him at home.
Jake had just moved into his new apartment. He noticed that his stove did not work. He filed a complaint with his landlord. His landlord sent maintenance over the next day. They were able to fix his stove in a matter of hours.
Susie had been unemployed for almost a year. Her unemployment money was about to run out and she was desperate. She decided to volunteer at a nursing home that needed help. It was a good distraction and they really liked her there. Soon, they offered Susie a job, which solved her problems!
One Monday afternoon at school all the students were escorted outside. We have no idea what was going on. Turns out there was a bomb threat at the school. We were all panicking because we never had this happen before. Turns out it was just a bad prank.
In 2005 I took my first roller coaster ride in thirty years. I am afraid of heights. My kids encouraged me to go. I rode the Yankee Cannonball at Canobie Lake in NH. It was a great ride and I am no longer afraid of roller coasters.
Roy was a cocky guy. He had all the cards in the game. He was so cocky that he did not notice the other players plotting. They outmaneuvered him. And so he lost the game.
My wife's birthday is today. I sent her flowers. Later in the day her granddaughter from NY sent her flowers. She was very pleased to get flowers from NY. I am glad she had a good birthday.
Miranda went to the beach. She was wearing her locket necklace. Out of the water she noticed something. Her necklace was gone. She couldn't find it anywhere.
Bob had a math test in the morning and was really nervous. He walked into his class and took out his supplies. When he got the test, Bob read every question carefully. He made his way through the test and turned it in. Bob felt very good about this math test and was proud.
Sally had to walk to school everyday. Even in the snow! But one day her mom told her that she would give her a ride. Sally was so happy because it was snowing outside. School was much better without having to walk.
Tim has a history test. He has been studying for weeks. When he got to class he was still nervous. He saw his test and knew all the answers. Tim aced his test.
I have a Pomeranian Japanese Spitz dog. When i brought her she is actually not my first choice. My first choice is the chihuahua but it's not cute when still a pup. So i decided to buy the pomspitz. I never had regret choosing my dog because she is so playful.
John hated how much he was paying for cable. He saw and ad for Netflix and decided to look into it. He found out all his shows were right on Netflix. He was happy when he saw that Netflix was a fraction of the price too. He cut ties with cable and signed up for Netflix.
Mia was trying to make sunny side up eggs. But she accidentally cracked the yolks! She frowned, then had an idea. She flipped the eggs into a fluffy omelet. Her breakfast was perfect after all!
John was cooking hot dogs. All of a sudden a storm came. It killed the flame on the grill. John had to move his hot dogs inside. They did not taste the same then.
Susie went to the candy store. She loved everything in it. She wished she could have it all. She decided to ask her mom if she could. Her mom said no.
Nina was trying to cook chicken soup. She boiled her chicken and added veggies. When the soup was done, she tasted it. It was delicious. Nina decided she was a great cook!
Craig had a crush on a girl that he went to class with. He wanted to talk to her, but he never knew what to say. One day, he overheard her say that she loved horror movies. He loved horror movies too! Craig now knew exactly what to talk to her about.
Tila needed something to do. Tila decided to go pick berries. Tila spotted a blackberry bush. Tila picked plenty of berries. Tila made a blackberry pie when she returned home.
I decided that I wanted to see one new movie each week. I went to the movies at first, but the tickets were expensive! I tried to rent a DVD, but nothing I wanted to see was available. I went home and found a movie streaming service instead. Now, I see a new movie every day!
I have trouble walking because of a stroke. I have the use of only one hand. I went to clean the cat litter box today. I bent over and strained my back as I cleaned the box. I was better after a rest.
An artist got a commissioned sculpture assignment. He thought and thought about what to do. He decided to sculpt a man. The person really liked it! The artist got his payment.
Linda was cooking dinner for her family. She turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat. While she was waiting, she noticed smoke filling the room. She checked the oven and seen old food burning on the bottom of it. She turned the oven off and cleaned it instead of finishing the meal.
Jen felt extremely hot when she came home. She decided to take a nap. Her mom took her temperature and found out that she had a fever. Jen refused to go to the hospital and stayed in her bed. She agreed to go when the fever got worse.
Ryan wanted to act. He had an audition for a new movie. He came in and was nervous. He messed up. He did not get the job.
I had a friend who was born in Mexico. Her parents moved to the US when she was very young. It took them a long time to become citizens. But now they are US citizens. They are all very happy to be living in the US.
John went for a nice hike in the woods. He walked through all the greenery and enjoyed the weather. When he got home, his arms and legs were itching fiercely. He had brushed against poison ivy and his body was reacting. John learned to identify the plant so that wouldn't happen again.
Tom was a high school student. He noticed that he was annoyed with tying his shoes every day. He decided to buy laceless shoes. He loved not having to tie his shoes. He never bought shoes with laces again.
The church in town had a bad reputation. People called it a cult. They swore that they were not. When Andy tried to leave, they said they would burn down his house. Andy realized the rumors were true.
The girl put on a dress. It made her feel pretty. She showed off the dress to her friend. Her friend was jealous. Her friend asked her mom for a dress.
We get soft serve ice cream from a nearby store. I usually get vanilla, even though many flavors are offered. On Sunday we went out for ice cream. I decided to get a creamsicle ice cream. It was different, and tasty.
Jessica and I volunteered at a local church one year. We handed out food and set up plates for a barbecue. When I asked her why she did it she said that she needed the hours. After it was all over we both volunteered more at other places. The next year we both volunteered at the same event again!
Lia wanted to do something nice for her mom. One morning she woke up early. She crept downstairs quietly. Then she swept the floors all over the house. Lia's mom was so happy to see the swept floors!
Bobby and Sue went to the zoo yesterday. They saw the bears, lions and tigers. They also saw penguins which they love. They had lunch and bought souvenirs. They took lots of pictures to remember their special day.
Gary was very interested in politics. Recently, Gary was watching the Democratic Convention. Gary was filled with hope when he saw that Hillary won the nomination. In addition, Gary was proud that she was the first woman to do so. Gary was beaming with pride for the historic moment at the convention.
Sally went to the beach. She played in the surf and dug in the sand. Something poking out of the sand caught her attention. She dug up a seashell. She took the seashell to school for show and tell.
John became a starter for his college basketball team. He was so good that he joined the NBA. In his fifteenth year in the NBA he won five NBA champions. They retired his jersey. He became a legend.
Terena had an idea for a new software program. She got out a legal pad and an ink pen. She diagrammed a flowchart describing her idea. She gave the diagram to a software developer. Now Teresa's idea is real, operating software!
Tommy wanted to fix the scratches on his car. The scratches came from a curb he missed last week. He bought some car paint from his local auto store. He spent a weekend covering the scratches on his car. Tommy's car looks brand new now.
Rocky was asked to try out for the football team due to his speed. When Rocky put on pads he was very nervous. He ran as fast as he could and tried to catch a pass. It turned out Rocky was unable to catch footballs consistently. He was cut from the team.
Anna went night swimming with her friends. At first it was scary. She wa afraid of how deep the lake was. But soon she was splashing and having a great time. Anna was glad she had decided to go night swimming!
When I am stressed out I like to drive my car at night. Seeing all the night lights calm me down. The traffic is low so I can take my time. I keep an eye on my surroundings still. Other than that it is very relaxing.
Chris contacted Lisa. He offered to pay her money for typing a research paper. She accepted the task and wrote it within a week. When the teacher graded it, she gave Chris an F. Since Chris ultimately failed the work and class, he never paid Lisa.
Bob was sitting in class. He was bored. He decided to dislocate his shoulder for fun. His classmates were amazed but the teacher got angry. She gave him detention.
Alice lost her wallet on the way to work. She decided to work a half-day to look for it. She backtracked her steps and thinks she lost it at a coffee shop. She went inside the coffee shop and asked if anyone found a wallet. Luckily one of the baristas returned her wallet to her.
Jake went to the store to buy beer. They ran out of his favorite kind. He decided to try something new. He chose a random one that sounded interesting. Jake liked his choice and bought it again.
Tom was friends with Tim. One day Tim made out with Tom's girlfriend. Tom was enraged and tried to fight Tim. Tim apologized profusely but it didn't help things much. They were never friends again.
I started cleaning out my closet. I found my favorite boots in the bottom of the pile of shoes. I put them on, and realized they didn't fit my calves anymore. I resolved to lose weight and fit into them again. Two months later, they fit perfectly.
Jeff sat on his bed for hours playing computer games. He was so interested in the game he even skipped lunch. I tried to tell him to be careful but of course he wouldn't listen. I couldn't help laughing at the funny way he walked through the house. I guess his legs fell asleep from lack of movement.
I got a Kohl's coupon for my birthday. I went shopping to see what I could find. I looked in the shoe section. I found some shoes that had cost $65. With my coupons and discounts, I got them for $7!
I took my pomeranian to the pet store. He always looks so happy when he's there. He struts around looking at the toys. Although, his favorite stop is in front of the treats. He makes sure I see them too.
Roy was bringing his computer to the shop. It hadn't worked in a week. He dropped the computer off. The next day a technician gave Roy a call. Roy returned to pick up his computer.
I was Xmas shopping the other day. I bought a tournament chess set for my friend. I bought it on eBay for $38. I got the item from Amazon Prime, with a price of $31. I sent a message to the seller telling him he was being unethical.
Oli was worried about father son day this weekend. He loved his dad and couldn't wait to spend the day with him. His only worry was the three legged race. He was worried because he knew he only had two legs. His dad found out and explained everything, so I stopped worrying.
Tom hiked a mountain. Tom returned home. Tom walked through his home. Tom dragged mud through his house. Tom upset his wife.
Tim decided he wanted to stay up all night. He watched tv until 5 in the morning. The next day he woke up very tired. He fell asleep and missed school. Tim never stayed up that late again.
Kim went to happy hour with a friend from work. They were tired of feeling unappreciated and overworked. Kim's friend Beth said the only way it would be better would be to quit. Kim agreed but decided to try and make things better. She left resolved to speak with her manager about hiring more people.
My friends were playing video games. I asked if I could play. They told me that I could. I picked up a controller. They beat me in the video games.
Kate stood with the back door open watching the snow pile up. The cold snow made her want a warm snack. She tried a can of soup, but it was bland. She added herbs and spices which made it tasty. The soup was just what she needed to warm up on a cold day.
Paul went for a walk up downtown one day. He stopped at the coffee shop to have some coffee and a muffin. He had his snack and went on his laptop. He worked on his laptop for a while. He then walked around town some more and took a bus home.
Megan's heart was pounding. She was tracking a Grizzly bear. She found a huge paw print in the mud. She was getting closer! Soon she could see it standing far off near the river.
My coworkers had a ten-year affair. It recently ended when the man's wife found out. The man had twin sons, and ended the affair. The other woman announced on FB she had saved $ for the twins. Now she said on FB that she was spending it on herself.
Rita genuinely believed that there were forty-nine states in the USA. Her friends tried their hardest to talk some sense into her. Rita kept denying that Hawaii was a state. She insisted that it was a city. Her friends dropped it after a while, but it's still unbelievable.
Sophia was feeling lonely. She saw a group of girls hanging out in the park. She approached them and asked if she could play with them. The girls said they were having a meeting of their secret club. The told Sophia to scram!
Ron was putting his horse in a race. He was nervous about it. Ron gave his horse a bath. He combed out her mane. The next day Ron's horse won the race.
All my life I have had the most unruly curly hair. My hair was nearly impossible to manage. However finally I purchased a flat iron. What a difference it made! Now I finally have hair that is manageable.
Ray was caught spray painting on buildings. He was arrested and taken downtown. There, the police called his parents. When they arrived, they were furious. They grounded Ray for six entire months!
Brad needed to do laundry but he felt guilty not doing a full load. He saw that his hamper was only half full. Brad walked through his house picking up clothes he left around. He even took the tea towels from the kitchen. Once brad was finished he had just enough for one full load.
Rita decided to throw her dog a birthday party. First, she made a list of dogs and their owners to invite. Next, she identified a dog park to hold the party. Then she chose a date and sent out invitations. At the party, the humans had a better time than the dogs!
Amy and her rottweiler Spot were at the park. Amy was on her roller blades as she held Spot's leash. Spot began to pick up speed and jog. Spot pulled Amy into the grass pulling her to the ground. Amy decided not to walk Spot on roller blades again.
I didn't know what black pepper was. I decided to look it up. I was shocked to find out it was fruit. It felt strange to think about. I almost couldn't eat it anymore.
One morning, Kelly's coffee machine broke. Kelly loved coffee, and couldn't wake up without it. She fell asleep on the bus on her way to work and missed her stop. Luckily, she woke up at a stop in front of a Starbucks. She was late for work, but she was relieved to drink her latte.
A mill worker and a rich girl fall desperately in love. Separated by life, the boy goes to fight war, she returned to college. After many years, the boy returned back to his home town. The girl is engaged to another man and moves back to the same town. After seeing each other, it was clear their love never died.
Mary was invited to the fancy party. She was an ordinary girl. She put on some jeans and shirt. Everyone at the party looked at her strange. They were wearing suits and robes there.
Jonah needed to get to see his grandma in the hospital. He did not have enough money for the round trip ticket he needed. He went to borrow the money from a friend. He gladly lent Jonah the money. Jonah was glad to get to see his grandma in the hospital.
My daughter's old college roommate is having a baby. She was married in 2010. She has been trying to conceive for years. They underwent a procedure, successfully. Both sets of grandparents were thrilled.
Joel and Ethan found a briefcase of money in the street. They counted the money together. The total was over ten-thousand dollars. Joel and Ethan argued whether or not they should keep it. In the end, they turned it into the police.
Zach decided to cook popcorn. He put the bag in the microwave. He entered the time. However, he started smelling smoke. Zach accidentally entered the wrong time.
Chavez has always been scared of heights. One day, he had to go on an airplane to Mexico. He feared that the airplane would crash. Chavez prayed nothing would happen and went on the airplane. Chavez was able to safely reach Mexico.
Miss Parker had a successful salon. One day, she was contacted and told the building will be bought out. She was devastated, and had to tell her workers. She was crying and upset, but told her workers about the closing. The next week, she closed the doors and reluctantly moved on.
Susie was in art class. She had to make a collage. It was part of a project. When she was done she got an A. Susie was happy.
The photographer printed all the photos. She arranged them into an album. She presented it to her client. He loved the photos so much! The photographer was very proud of how the album had turned out.
The twin baby boys just would not sleep at the same time easily. As soon as Marty fell asleep then Arty would wake up. As soon as Arty fell asleep then Marty would wake back up. Finally they were both down so their mama could get her work done. Daddy found Mama slumped face down in her work not long after.
Frank works at the concession stand at the local baseball stadium. He gets some pretty unruly customers from time to time. One time, he had to call security on one of the customers. He ended up quitting that job last summer. But he'll never forget that experience.
Roger usually makes a meal for his kids when he gets off work. Tonight he decided to bring them home some fast food instead. His daughters were promised homemade lasagna. They were understandably upset when he arrived with burgers. Roger ate by himself as the girls ignored him for breaking his promise
A bored artist looked out the window at the landscape. He decided to paint the landscape. He realized that he did not have any canvas to paint on. The painter decided to paint right on the window. He got out his brushes and paint and began to create.
My friend loved doing things that were free or low cost. Last night he walked to a park down the road. He brought a bag of peanuts and watched a park league game. He looked as if he were at Fenway Park. I found him to be an interesting person.
I took my family to a restaurant for dinner. On the way to our car we heard a quiet meow. We looked in the bushes and saw a small kitten. She seemed friendly and wasn't afraid of us at all. Since we didn't see a collar on her we brought her home with us.
Julie recently lost 100 pounds and was very proud. However, none of her clothes fit any more. She decided to get new cloths. She spent a whole day shopping with her friends. Julie was happy with all her new cloths.
Management posted lots of new job openings for the plant expansion. Jim filled out an application for some of the positions. Jim's friends were also interested in the positions. They asked for Jim's help in filling them out. They got the promotions instead of Jim.
Gracie wanted to become an actress. She moved to New York City to pursue an acting career. When she was accepted to star in a commercial she was excited. After that she had no work. Gracie became a waitress to support herself.
Kane had a good job making twelve dollars an hour. Then there was a recession and Kane was laid off. He had another job offer soon. But they only wanted to pay Kane minimum wage! With a sigh, Kane realized he had to accept the offer.
Josephine had a family of seven children. Sickness was always particularly bad in their household as a result. When she heard the flu was going around school, she was quite worried. She cleaned and spent her paycheck buying medicine in preparation. After all that work, not one of her children even developed a sniffle.
Adam was working at a convenience store. A man came in and pointed a gun at him. He demanded all the money from the register. Adam grabbed the gun from the robber. He pistol-whipped the robber and called the cops!
Casey had a pet rabbit. His rabbit had run away. Casey's father accidentally ran over the rabbit crossing the road. Casey's father buried the rabbit. Casey never found out his rabbit was killed.
Tim was at the pound. He noticed a hyper ugly dog. Tim felt bad for it. He figured nobody else would want to take him. Tim decided to adopt it.
Allie had been playing piano for awhile now. She had a recital upcoming. She was rather nervous. Allie thought she would mess up and do poorly. But rather the contrary happened as she performed beautifully.
I was broke last week and ran out of beer. I wanted beer, because I wanted to watch a football game. Having no money, I broke into my change jar. After counting, I found $15 worth of quarters. I went to the beer store, bought a 12-pack, and enjoyed the game!
Hannah attended a very challenging and prestigious school. She was always very nervous about examinations. She was to take her end of year exams soon. She had a nervous breakdown. She was sent to the school infirmary.
Elijah walked through the grass barefooted to take the trash out. As he opened the dumpster, he felt a bite at his foot. He looked down and saw a snake was biting him. He screamed for help and his mom rushed out to save him. She called 911 and the paramedics treated Elijah's snake bite.
I had to transfer schools one day. I was very nervous and that never changed. I made my way to the new school and felt myself start to shake. I walked in and was blasted by cold air, it was a weird feeling. Eventually I made my way to the office and got everything done.
Sam decided to drink more water every day. She got a gallon jug. Each morning she filled it to the top. She carried it with her everywhere. The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake!
I was so nervous to meet my boyfriend's parents. The day before, I bought a brand new outfit. The night before, I was so nervous that I didn't sleep well. The morning of the meeting I was so tired I overslept. My boyfriend broke up with me for missing brunch with them.
Everyone loved to smoke out of Robin's beautiful bong. One day, Robin's friend Jess got too high and dropped the bong. The bong fell to the floor and shattered into pieces. Everyone was so sad to see the bong had been broken. Fortunately, Robin had a spare bong that was even more beautiful!
Conrad enjoyed writing stories. One morning, Conrad discovered he could be paid to write stories! Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales. At the end of the day, Conrad was paid for his stories. Conrad used the money to buy a new typewriter.
I was telling stories to my grandchildren today. They love my stories. It made me realize how much I love them. I'm doing research about children's stories. That way, I'll never run out of stories to tell.
Tom was a fitness enthusiast. He would frequent the local gym. He saw a new piece of equipment. He tried the new equipment. He really enjoyed the new equipment.
A bank was just about to close. The doors were about to close. Some people in hoods came in. They demanded money. The teller gave it to them.
My sister in-law has been overweight all her life. One day she bought a box of eclairs. She was a little depressed. She ate the entire box of eclairs. She got more depressed.
Carrie loved to go to the beach and feed the birds. The birds became very friendly with Carrie. One day, Carrie saw a small crab on the beach. Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well. Now, Carrie loves feeding birds and crabs at the beach.
Nancy and her daughter Bo were getting ready to leave for Girl Scouts. Nancy reminded her daughter to grab a scout worksheet she needed. When they arrived at Girl Scouts, she found out Bo forgot it. Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet. Ironically, Nancy learned the sheet was on Learning Independence.
Quentin had always wanted to know more about American history. He decided to visit Washington DC to learn more about America. In Washington he visited many museums and learned very much. It was an informative trip. Quentin was very happy he had visited Washington, DC.
Learning to drive was difficult for Jane. She always had trouble telling left from right. At driving school, she needed special assistance often. She did eventually pass the class as well the test. She ended up getting her license and is a careful driver.
Josh bought a new power tool. It broke within a week. Josh had lost the receipt. He still tried to return it with his card. They gave him store credit for it.
Matt was trying to find his wallet. He had to spend a long time digging through the drawer. He decided that he needed to clean the drawer out. That afternoon, he went through it and threw out all of the junk. Finally, he had nice organized drawer.
Jimmy was playing basketball with his friends. He felt a prick on his arm. A bee had stung him. His face started swelling up. He had to go to the hospital because he had a bee allergy.
Sonia's washing machine broke down. She called for a repair person, but no one was available. Sonia decided to read the manual and fix it herself. She was able to fix the broken valve and get it working again. Sonia felt very proud to have done the repair without assistance.
Calvin was throwing confetti into the air. It was his birthday and he wanted to celebrate! He loved throwing big handfuls up over his head. His friends all joined in. There was a huge mess when they were done.
One of the first video games I played was super mario. I loved mario because it was an adventure. A typical day involved me blowing in a cartridge to start out. After it was blowed, I would insert the game in and hit power. After power was pressed, I patiently waited for my game to load.
David and Carrie both loved to write. When the teacher allowed them free time they made up a story. The story was about a girl who loved elephants. They were so intent on their writing they almost missed recess. Their teacher asked to read the story when it is finished.
There was a very tall tree growing alone on a hillside. The tree had strong branches and many sheltered spots. A pair of eagles returned to nest there every year. They chose a sheltered spot with a good view. The tall tree was a good safe place for their nest.
Larry was not doing so well in calculus. So, he hired a tutor to get his grades up. He went to tutoring three times a week. He ended up getting an A- in the class. He's thankful that he got help for it.
Simon had a cell phone, but no data plan. He felt left out because he could not play Pokemon Go with his friends. He asked his mom how much it would cost to add data to his phone. His mom explained that it would cost about $40 a month. Simon decided he was content connecting to wifi.
Someone had hit Bob's mailbox with a hammer. Bob was very upset. The mailbox was ruined. Bob bought a new mailbox. He surrounded it with brick.
My friend was pulled out of work today by her mother. A fire had started in the basement of her house. She arrived home to see her boys standing out front. The fire department struggled to find the fire in the walls. They eventually got it out, but my friend has lost everything.
Brad had been sick for a week. He had also missed football practice. His coach decided he could not play in the big game. Brad was not happy about this. He begged his coach and he finally said yes.
Jake was the CEO of a company. Recently, his employees were upset by the way he ran his business. His employees decided to protest against their boss. Jake was unable to meet their demands of a higher pay. Afterwards, all of his senior employees quit in protest.
I felt a rumble in my stomach. I looked around to see who had heard. Then I felt a terrible feeling. It was too late. I had let out a giant toot in the middle of my class.
There was a girl in my class that everyone made fun of. She never fought back, rather she just looked at the ground. One day I saw her by the fence sobbing uncontrollably. I felt like something bad was going to happen, but walked away. The next morning I heard the news talking about a young girl's suicide.
Bob wanted to buy a new car. He looked online at local dealerships. Bob found a car he really liked. He went to the dealership to test drive the car. The car was so perfect that he bought it.
Christopher had always loved the way that the fiddle sounded. He decided to become a fiddle player. Christopher practiced very hard until he became terrific at fiddle. His friends and family were all very impressed. Christopher was happy that he had become a fiddle player.
When I fed my cat this morning I realized that I was out of cat food. I decided to drive to the store to buy some food for my cat. When I got to the store I went to the cat food aisle. I found the brand she likes and bought five cans. I drove home with the cat food, and put it away.
Andy was tired of the cold weather in Wisconsin. Andy decided to take a trip to South Florida. Andy immediately purchased his ticket, and packed his bags. In addition, Andy booked a hotel near the beach as well. Andy could not wait to be headed South bound.
Status One was a very good Black Mage player on a video game. He was top of the leaderboards. People were envious of him. His secret, of course, was adderall. Unfortunately, the adderall was too much for his heart, and he died.
Albert was going to go play tennis at a public tennis court. It costed a dollar per hour but he realized he forgot his wallet. When he went to check his car, lying on the seat. He checked his pockets but his keys were missing too! Albert looked in the car and his keys were on the floor mat.
Ned let his brother borrow his handheld gaming system. Ned's brother dropped the game on the floor. The screen of the game was cracked. Ned told his parents that his brother broke the game. Ned's parents made his brother use his allowance to buy another game.
Amy worked at home as a customer service representative. There was a caller who wanted a discount on her purchase. Amy offered what she could but the lady wanted more. Amy asked in the chat room for a supervisor to give more discounts. As Amy waited for an answer the caller hung up on her.
Eric went to a restaurant with his girlfriend. He was planning on proposing. Eric hid the ring in the desert His girlfriend took a much larger bite than he thought. Eric's girlfriend broke her tooth on the ring, but said yes.
Tina was visiting her family's home at the ocean. When she arrived, she remembered how scary it was when she was a kid. After staying at the house for a while, Tina could not stop fearing. She eventually told her parents that she was too scared to stay. Tina drove home from the vacation house in fear.
Karl has worked for UPS his entire life. He needs to make more money but doesn't know how. He works forty hours a week but it's not enough. But this week UPS announced that all overtime will be approved! Now Karl can work overtime which pays more every week!
Jack always used Vaseline for his dry skin. But he noticed that its effects didn't last. So he decided to try Shea butter. And his skin was smooth and moisturized for much longer. But he thought it was expensive.
A guy named John was using Skype. He was talking to his girlfriend. They started flirting. They then played minecraft together. Then they lived happily ever after.
The girl saw corncobs were going to waste at the farm. She figured they could be made into pipes and sold to help her family. Drying took a very long time, but the venture became profitable. She grew slightly older, and her savings helped her later. It would then be a supplement while she pursued her archery career.
Eddie is on a road trip to see his brother in Chicago. Eddie has been on the road for over 300 miles. He has been driving for 6 hours straight and starts to doze off. Falling asleep at the wheel eddie crashes into a ditch. He is taken to the hospital where his brother meets him
A man approached my coworker looking for a particular item. That item happened to be organic salt. The man would not believe that such a thing does not exist. My coworker eventually got him to go away at least. I wish that man all the luck in finding the mysterious organic salt.
Our neighbors abandoned their cat. Since then, we've been taking care of her. She comes to our porch to be fed every day. I'm going to set up an appointment with the vet to get shots for her. Then, she'll be able to come inside, too.
Jackie had a wonderful job at the World Trade Center. One day she was feeling very ill. She called off sick to work that day. That day an airplane crashed into the building she worked at. She was sad to see that none of her coworkers had survived the crash.
There was a war going on. Mike was a good soldier and worked hard for his company. He didn't like having to hurt other people and it bothered him. When it was time to reenlist, Mike decided to become a civilian. The art school he founded is very successful.
There was a girl named Sara who wanted to try out for the talent show. Sara was very good at the violin, but she had stage fright. Sara practiced every day after school. She decided to audition, but she was really worried about how she did. The judges loved Sara's performance and she was accepted in the show.
Nathan wanted people to donate to his forum. Some people were worried about their privacy. Nathan researched the options and found one he thought would work. It would allow people to do their donations anonymously. He implemented it and a lot of people were able to make donations.
Chelsea had just found out that she was pregnant. She was feeling very upset. Financially and emotionally she wasn't prepared for this. For almost a week she agonized over what to do. Luckily, her mom offered her some advice that really helped her.
Tasha is going to visit a friend. She buys a map so she won't get lost. Tasha doesn't understand the map. She is lost for 3 hours. After getting advice from a local, she is now on her way.
Dale just joined the car racing team. He was allowed to drive for the first time. He blew everyone's expectations out of the water. Dale came close to making top three. He was given more driving opportunities from then on out.
Jim owned a bagel shop. One day he tried something new. He decided to make a chocolate bagel. Everyone said he was crazy for making a chocolate bagel. Once everyone tasted the new bagels, he became the most popular shop.
Mandy was at work one day. Her boss called her into his office. She was so nervous she would be laid-off. He started talking to her about her job performance. Then, he offered her a promotion.
Linda has always wanted a surprise birthday party. This year she was turning 50, and hoped she'd finally get one. Linda's sister has knew about her wanting a surprise. Her sister told all of Linda's friends about the surprise party. Linda was so happy to finally get the surprise birthday party.
Brad loved to collect all kinds of balls. He had thousands of all sorts of balls imaginable. He was short on cash and decided to open a store. A week later, Brad's Balls was born! Brad has been selling his balls successfully for months now!
The man went to the shooting range. He fired a new gun. He was off the target. He adjusted the sights. The gun fired right on target after that.
Carlos old car was wrecked. Carlos needed a car to go to work. So he called his insurance. They delivered a rental car to his place. Carlos was glad to have insurance.
The class was playing Heads up Seven up. Most of us put our heads down. Those who had to choose people placed their thumbs down. When the teacher told everyone to get up, I moved my head fast. I ended up hitting Sally on the stomach with my head.
Jane had never gone overseas. She was travelling through Paris. She didn't know the language at all. It was difficult for her to get around. Jane wound up getting frustrated.
Cole wanted to be a big brother. He begged his mom to have a baby. She said, "maybe one day." Cole prayed and prayed that his mom would have a baby. His prayers worked because she got pregnant within a month.
Jane didn't like her home life. She always took the long way home from work. One day she got into an accident on the way. Her loved ones were curious about why she was so far away. Jane had to discuss the problems at home.
My brother had to buy a new mattress this week. He and his wife are hoarders. They had to clean the bedroom extensively. The delivery men had to wade through a cluttered hallway. Now my brother and his wife can begin hoarding again.
Jim lost his new puppy spot. He and his dad were putting up flyers explaining he was lost. In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this. She told them he was in the parking lot of the store. Jim was very pleased to have his puppy back.
Today was Frank's day off. Rather than being excited, he felt quite bored. Rather than staying at home, he decided to take a walk. He walked down the sidewalk and saw a beautiful red bird fly overhead. This was a rare sight so now he was not quite as bored.
Boris wasn't feeling well. He had a sore throat all week. Finally, Boris caved and visited the doctor. The doctor said he had strep throat and prescribed antibiotics. After a few days, Boris felt much better.
Gina had applied at an Outback restaurant for a job. But she didn't expect to hear back. After a week they called her. She had an interview with a manager. Gina was pleased, but didn't get her hopes up.
Every day Jill took a walk. One day she passed a hurt kitten. Jill took the kitten home. She fed the kitten and took care of its wounds. The kitten got better.
Evelyn came home and thought her kitchen smelled burnt. She screamed out the window, asking her son what happened? He said his sister put meat wrapped in foil in the microwave. Her son came in the house for dinner, but there wasn't any. He asked why and she says, the microwave broke, he says, no it didn't!
I tried to buy tickets to a concert recently. I tried to find tickets cheaper than the original price at first. However, I waited too long and the tickets sold out. I really wanted the tickets, though. I ended up paying forty dollars more than the original price for them.
Jay had lots of chores to do. The biggest chore was to dust the house. He eventually got around to it, but lost motivation fast. The dust was making him sneeze every 10 seconds. He knew that he wouldn't of had this problem if he had dusted sooner.
Our niece finished her freshman year at college. She was a nursing student. She had to take an anatomy course again in the summer. She studied hard, and passed the course. Her parents were thrilled.
Jeremy wanted to propose to his girlfriend. He decided to wait until Valentines. After the meal, he went down on one knee. She was so happy. She said she would marry him.
Haley went to the shooting range. She loaded her gun before firing. The human dummies came out of the arena. She carefully aimed at them. All of her shots were towards the head of the dummies.
Judy went to veterinary school. She studied hard sacrificing a social life. Judy graduated at the top of her class. She worked with some very popular veterinarians. Eventually Judy owned her own clinic.
Juniper sat down dejected on the sofa. She called her boyfriend right away to give him the news. When he didn't answer, she sighed even more. She'd have to deal with it herself then. So she called the police to tell them her apartment had been robbed.
Dale was coming home from work one sunday afternoon. While entering his home, he noticed roaches all over his floor. Dale decided that he would have to do something about it. He called his friend who kills house pests for a living. After his friend arrived, the bug problem was solved.
Timmy had a loose tooth. He tied some floss to the tooth. Then he tied the other end to a door. He asked his brother to slam the door hard. The tooth came flying out but it was the wrong tooth!
Amy was in her school's media center. When it was her turn she decided to try a new game. Her teacher suggested Number Munchers. Amy wasn't good at math so the game was very hard. She gave the game back to the teacher and went to read a book.
Yesterday my friend Jim beat me four games in a row in speed chess. We play online. Today he said he felt four more victories. I beat him in three games and lost one. He was not pleased.
Fred had very big cheeks when he was small. It was a genetic condition but kids made fun of him for it. He'd hide from the kids to avoid bullying. But when he hit adulthood, his face changed. And finally, Fred was free of stupid remarks about his cheeks.
Albert had watched karate related shows on tv for years. One day Albert decided to take karate classes. Albert took his courses and practiced every day. Albert started getting the hang of karate. Albert learned the ways of karate.
Cindy worked hard to lose weight. She was pleased when her scales showed that she'd lost twenty pounds. She went to her doctor's office for a physical exam. According to the doctor's scales, Cindy had only lost ten pounds. Cindy didn't want to believe the scales at her doctor's office.
Erica wanted new headphones. So she did extensive research to find the best ones. She ordered an expensive pair of headphones online. Then eagerly awaited their arrival. But when she finally cut open the box, she cut the cord too.
6-year-old Georgie loved playing tic-tac-toe. She mostly played against her parents. They always let her win. One day she played against her older brother instead. He destroyed her at it and turned her against the game.
Tim decided to cook pizza. He made his own dough. He added special spices and was excited about cooking it. As he was baking the pizza, he got distracted. Tim lost track of time and burned his pizza.
Fran has five friends. One day, her friends told her they didn't like her. They forced her to make new friends. After a week, Fran had found a new friend. She is much happier with her one new friend.
My girlfriend, Jen, was a big lover of horses. One day she asked if I would take her out riding. I had never ridden before but I said yes. That day, Jen was so happy, up on her horse. I smiled as I watched her ride, since I refused to mount any horse!
Tina's Dad's second wife left him. She thought she'd have her dad to herself for awhile. Tina was mistaken because that wasn't the case at all. He married another woman by the end of the year. She was almost as much of a jerk as he was.
I learned how to dribble a basketball the other day. I wanted to learn because my friends do it all the time. It took weeks of work but I finally got it down. I can't wait to show my friends tomorrow. They are going to be so proud of me.
One summer at our pool party, my mom was caught off guard. She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board. He was almost forty years old, and she forgot he could dive. Everyone in the family harassed him after that too. Everyone always called him the boy who could still dive.
Jenna spilled soda on her sister's new dress. Her sister was furious and told her she would never forgive her. Jenna worked hard to clean the stain out of the dress. She even took it to the dry cleaners but the stain wouldn't come out. She bought her sister a new dress, but her sister still held a grudge.
Laura was forced to work the midnight shift at work. She was really unhappy with her schedule and told her boss. Her boss said that next week they can schedule her differently. The week after when she got her schedule it was a lot better! Laura was very excited by this and worked her hours happily!
The local supermarket had a deal on ham. I bought every piece of ham they had for sale. For the next three weeks I ate nothing but ham. When the ham ran out I forgot what other food tasted like. I went to a buffet to remind myself of life before total ham.
I was taking a walk in the park. I noticed a nest sitting in a tree. I climbed the tree and looked in the nest. There was three baby birds. Then the mother bird returned and flew into my head.
Briana had just gotten a new puppy for her birthday that morning. She was playing with him happily in the yard. Suddenly out of nowhere, the puppy darted out into the woods. She was worried she would never see him again. Luckily the next morning he was found curled up on their porch.
Ben was riding his bike across the street. He was shaking a little bit since he took off the training wheels. A car was moving towards him. When he tried to move out of the way, he ran into a bush. The branches got caught between Ben and the bike.
My friend and I drove to Tiburon to visit a secret spot I know of. The location is right next to the waters of the San Francisco Bay. It is an abandoned house covered in graffiti. My friend really enjoyed visiting this spot. We plan on going back the next time he visits.
Doris plants flowers in the flower bed in her front yard The flowers she plants are always beautiful As Doris has gotten older it makes it harder for her to get out. Neighbors noticed that it was hard for Doris to be out. Neighbors now help Doris take care of her flower bed.
Patrick was practicing trick basketball shots. He could shoot into the basket from 100 feet away. His friend Eric blindfolded him and told him to try again. Patrick threw the ball and it sailed through the air. It crashed clear through his neighbor's window.
Will had a big exam coming up. He wanted to cram all night before the exam. Will was afraid he'd fall asleep rather than study all night. Will drank lots of coffee and Red Bull and took a cold shower. Will successfully studied all through the night!
Kate wanted to surprise her boyfriend for his birthday. She decided to bake him his favorite cake. Unfortunately Kate was horrible at baking. She wound up burning the outside and not cooking the middle. Kate's boyfriend couldn't hide his disappointment.
Betsy designed some new sunglasses. She showed her idea to a friend. Her friend took a picture. Her friend posted the picture on the internet. Somebody made glasses from the picture on the internet.
Ronda was excited to do the morning announcements. She had never had much responsibility before. When she started to talk she was a bit nervous. She stumbled over her first few words. Eventually she got more comfortable and did a good job.
Carolyn was very excited about getting the new dog. The dog was unfriendly though and barked at her. Disappointed, Carolyn thought about giving him back to the shelter. Instead, she tried adjusting her attitude and being more patient. After a few days of being nicer to him, the dog warmed up to Carolyn.
Boris felt that his workplace lacked personality. He brainstormed about how to improve this situation. Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle. His manager told him to take it down. Boris bought a personalized mousepad instead and it was allowed.
Gina's teacher was surprised to see her return from recess early. Gina wanted to search Dave's desk when she was alone. But she didn't want the teacher to know this. Gina made up a story about having a headache. She was happy the teacher believed her story.
Dan wanted to be a skateboarder. He asked for a skateboard for his birthday. On his birthday, Dan received a new skateboard. His first time riding it, he fell and got the wind knocked out of him. Dan decided he did not want to be a skateboarder.
Sarah was very hungry just before lunch time at her school. When the lunch bell finally sounded Sarah ran to the school cafeteria. Sarah got into the lunch line to fill a tray with plates of food. Luckily that day the school cafeteria was serving cheeseburgers. Sarah purchased a cheeseburger and felt very fulfilled as she ate it.
Sara raced home from school. She threw her bike in the garage haphazardly. Then she hurried into the kitchen and saw a letter on the table. Hastily she tore it open and read. Sara cheered to read that her first choice college had accepted her!
I ate at least one granola bar everyday. And I thought they were healthy. But I realized they were much different from candy bars. And eventually I stopped eating them. And I decided to make my own healthy granola bars instead.
George traveled a lot for his job. He would board airplanes every week to cities across the country. As a result, George was well-known and respected at many airports. He would always get to skip lines and sit first class. George decided he had the perfect job.
Jim's neighbor had a very loud dog. It always barked all night. So Jim and other neighbors kept complaining. The neighbor who owned the dog decided to sell it. But the next day, a burglar broke into the neighbor's house.
It was a beautiful morning. I decided to take the dog on a nice long walk. Out of nowhere it started to pour rain. The dog and I ran all the way back home soaking wet. Now I always check the weather before taking the dog for a walk.
Kevin worried about his family. He got a bunch of life insurance. He felt better knowing they would be cared for if he died. A week later, Kevin had a heart attack. His wife was thankful he had made that choice.
My mom couldn't decide what to name me. She liked two names. She couldn't decide between Traci and Roxi. My dad decided which name to name me. My name is Traci.
Sally and Tommy saw a family of Syrian refugees on TV. They were sad and wanted to help. They decided to have a lemonade stand. They sold lemonade all day Saturday. Tommy and Sally felt glad they raised fifty two dollars.
Sally bought a brand new cell phone. She thought that the case it came with was too clunky. She threw away the case. The next day she dropped her phone. The screen shattered.
Ryan went to start his truck and realized his battery was dead. At first, he was very upset and worried that he would be stranded. Luckily, he was in town and was able to get a friend to help out. They used jumper cables and were able to charge his battery. He bought a new battery and didn't have anymore problems.
I had a violent dream last night. I dreamed  I was a Mafia gangster. We were attacked by Muslim soldiers. They had a lot more weapons and I was afraid of dying. I woke up in a sweat.
Franklin challenged his friend to a race. He started out running slowly, taking his time. After an hour, Franklin passed his friend. The friend had stopped to buy a popsicle and sit in the shade. Franklin persevered and won the race.
Timothy has a silly habit. He scratches his arm with a sponge. I told him to stop doing it. He told me he would not. I told him it was a silly habit.
Sam had a huge test in the morning. He stayed up all night cramming in information. Even though he was tired he felt like he knew everything. The teacher handed out the test for them to start. Sam fell asleep before he even wrote down his name.
Rachel wore a pink wig. Every day, she would brush the wig and put it on. One day, Rachel's wig disappeared. Rachel was very sad and began to cry. Rachel never saw that wig again.
Helen was at a cool birthday party. One activity was to design your own shirt. Helen worked really hard on her design. When she wasn't looking though, someone knocked it over. She lost all of her work and gave up out of frustration.
I retired from my job in 2012. I had a stroke in 2011. I went to my transit authority to apply for a performer's permit. I wanted to sit on at a station with a cane and solicit donations. The transit authority refused to give me a permit.
When I was in middle school, we played outside often. After school and on weekends, all the kids would group up together. We played all sorts of games, but one day I decided to tree climb. I climbed up the tallest tree in the neighborhood. I grabbed for a branch that wasn't there, and fell two stories!
The group got together in front of the ice skating ring. When we tried to open the front door, it wouldn't open. The janitor told us that the place is closed for today. However, Pedro proposed that we should get something to eat. Therefore, I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant.
Sandy arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk. Sandy was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from. Sandy asked the secretary who delivered the flowers. The secretary informed Sandy that they were from a secret admirer. Sandy decided to enjoy the flowers and the nice gesture it represents.
Amanda was a college student. She loved all of her classes. One day she got sick and had to miss a semester. Amanda became severely depressed. She was very happy when she was able to return to her college.
Jimmy Asked the family if they can meet up in the living room. When they met up, they were already suspicious. Jimmy announced that he's homosexual. Despite the fact that the family was surprised, they were not mad. His parents told him that they respect his decisions anyways.
Jim gets kicked out of his house. So he moves in with his two female friends. But their landlord doesn't want a guy living with two girls. So they tell him Jim is gay. The landlord lets Jim stay.
Hallie hit her head hard on the floor. It caused her to pass out. It scared her mom so bad she called 911. The 911 dispatcher sent the paramedics. Hallie was awake by the time the paramedics arrived.
My daughter always used to wear mismatched socks. I decided to keep the socks in my room until I could match them all. I was finally able to fill her dresser with many matched pairs. Everything went well for a few weeks. Then she started wearing mismatched socks again.
I saw this new pair of shoes online and decided to contact the seller. We decided to meet up in a few days. When I met up with him, we exchanged the money and shoes. After he was gone, I opened up the shoe box. I noticed that no shoes were in the box, only rocks.
Amanda had a crush on Billy. Every time she would try to talk to him, she got too nervous. One day Billy asked her a question in class. She realized he needed help, and offered to tutor him. Amanda and Billy got along quickly and formed a new relationship.
When Nelson took his son to school, he remained in the parking lot. Although he parked in the handicapped section, he wasn't afraid. A few days later, Nelson received an envelope. It was a bill. He realized that it was a driving citation for parking.
A woman found out she was pregnant. She wanted to make a nursery for her baby. She looked up items to put in it. She bought them. She put them together afterwards.
I decided to make pancakes for breakfast. I tried to get fancy and ended up using a lot of dishes. I accidentally poured pancake batter all over the stove and floor. I knocked a bowl over and the glass shattered everywhere. It took me two hours to clean my mess up after I ate.
Bee was digging in his backyard. He was eager to dig up dinosaur bones! He spent all day searching for fossils. But he didn't find any dinosaur skeletons at all! He did, however, find three dimes and a bottle cap!
James went to the town fair with his friends yesterday. The boys ate some cotton candy at the stand. The highlight of the day was the hayride for the boys. When the day was over, the boys went on about a dozen rides. James was very happy at the end of the day.
Dave was friends with all the cool kids in school. One day, his friend Mike offered Dave a cigarette. Everyone was watching, and Dave felt pressured to look cool. He remembered what his parents had taught him about smoking though. Dave said no to Mike, and no one seemed to care.
My brother took me to a safari. We walked into a small cage. There was a baby lion sleeping inside. We reached down to pet him. He snuggled happily against the gate.
Whitney was going to a concert this weekend. She bought her ticket and everything. However, as she was getting ready she got sick to her stomach. She ended up staying home and sleeping the rest of the weekend. She could not get a refund for the ticket.
The carnival was in town. I purchased tickets to go on the rides. The first ride I picked was the ferris wheel. I sat down and the ride began to go up and down. The wheel spun 5 times and the ride was over.
John was sitting at his desk writing. He wrote something wrong on the paper. He crumpled the paper into a ball. He threw it at the trash can but missed. John got up and placed the crumpled paper into the trash can.
Tom loved the outdoors. Tom had pale skin. One day Tom suffered from a very bad sunburn. Tom promised himself to always wear sunscreen. Tom never got a sunburn again.
Keith is having a rough time lately. He needs to get out of the house. So he heads out to a magic show. At the magic show he forgets all his problems. Keith enjoyed the show very much.
Francine and Bailey sat at the lunch table together. They started eating their hot dog lunches. Bailey's hot dog fell on the floor. Francine cut her hot dog in half. She gave half of her hot dog to Bailey.
We renewed our wedding vows in 2006. We hired a New Age minister. Family and friends gathered on a pond near our home. We served wine and food afterward. We are still married.
Maya was with her older brother and their friends. They were all in a closet, reading scary stories. One girl suggested that they turn the light off, so they did. Suddenly, all of the kids quickly left the closet with Maya inside. Maya was so scared she began to cry.
The professor assigned a research paper for my midterm. It was due in two weeks. I did not start working on it until two days before it was due. My laptop's hard drive decided to die while I was finishing it. Luckily my best friend was able to recover my work and I made an A!
There was a knock. The man answered the door. It was a salesman. The salesman started his speech. The man closed the door.
Jen wen to the beach to read her book. She set her chair down in the sand and sat A strong wind blew sand all over her. She stood up to brush herself off. Jen sat back down and found where she left off.
One night Jane and Mary went to a party. On the way home they found a stray puppy in the road. Mary brought the puppy home and called around but no one claimed him. So Mary kept the puppy and named him Bosco. After just a few days together they became best friends.
Timmy begged Billy not to punch him as he lay on the ground. Tears flowed from his eyes as he pleaded. Years of hatred coursed through Billy He raised his fist and brought it done on Timmy's face. He knocked Timmy out with one hit.
There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida. The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick. Kim was worried it would hit harder. The next morning there was a call saying work was cancelled. The hurricane had been upgraded to category 4.
My school tried to teach us about the meaning of Thanksgiving. What they actually did was semi-starve a bunch of second graders. The children were split into groups, some got to eat, others did not. Being that we were very hungry and also children, this was upsetting. I still wonder what the heck was going through their minds.
Peter went to visit his Uncle Jack for the first time in years. He had heard that his uncle bought a few pet goats. When he drove up into his uncle's driveway, Peter was in shock. Around 20 goats were peering at him through a fenced backyard. Peter had never seen so many goats before!
Kelly was nervous to have her first day of school. She knew that it can be a daunting day. She got all her things ready. When she got there she made new friends. Kelly was then happy.
Kate's mom stopped the car at a gas station. Kate purchased a soda. But she couldn't drink it in the car. She decided to sneak and drink the soda. She opened it quietly so that her mom would never know.
I went to my company's elevator. I need to get to the second floor. I push the second floor button. The button didn't light up. I then realize I was already on the second floor.
Jaimie had a father who was a police officer. When she was little, her father let her try on his badge. Jaimie decided to become a police officer when she grew up. Jaimie went to police academy and graduated last year. Her proud father came to her graduation ceremony.
We went to dinner on Thursday night. I could not finish my meal and had it packed up. It included pork, chicken, mashed potatoes and beans. I received the container and did not look at it. On Sunday I opened it up and found no beans.
Jason was never very good at sports. He did find one hobby that he was quite good at though. Jason was very good at archery. He practiced every day and did very well. Jason was happy to have found archery.
Jake was walking his dog. His dog started to bark really loudly. His dog had seen a squirrel. Jake lost control of the leash. His dog chased away at the squirrel afterwards.
My car recently broke down. I got an estimate. It cost more to repair than it's worth. I really need my car. I went car shopping today.
Louise was about to have her first piano lesson. She was nervous that she would not do well. To her delight the teacher was very nice and helpful. At first she did have some struggle learning. In no time at all though she was playing pretty well.
Sarah walked into library. The metal detector made a sound as soon as she walked through it. A security guard pulled her to the side of the detector. He ran a quick search. He didn't notice anything except her earrings.
Me and all my friends went to New York this summer. To get there we took a bus. On our way there we played cards and shared riddles. I lost every card game we played, but I guessed every riddle. That was an awesome bus trip!
April has an appointment with her doctor today. She is not looking forward to the visit. She is scared she is going to have her blood drawn. She canceled the appointment because of this fear. She felt bad about missing and called back to apologize.
Jenny was tired of seeing ads in her social media streams. She downloaded an ad blocker program. Then Jenny didn't like not supporting her favorite websites. Jenny set up exceptions on her adblocker for her favorites. Jenny's browsing experience was perfectly smooth after that.
A man was flying a hot air balloon and was high up. He was running out of gas and the balloon was falling. He was able to steer the balloon towards a field. The balloon crashed but the man was not hurt. He crawled out out the basket and was glad to be alive.
Joe was the new kid at school. He was always shy. He did not think he would ever make any friends. He finally met some people and became popular. Joe decided he liked his new school.
Dave loved Asian food. So when he saw teriyaki bowls at his cafeteria, he decided to buy one. But the chicken was thin and strange. The sauce was weird and tangy. The rice was so mushy that he couldn't discern the individual grains.
I went to play basketball with my friends last night. We went to a new court we had never been to before. The regulars there were very good at playing basketball. We played them all night, but never won a game. We had a lot of fun playing basketball that night.
Micah was gay in the military. He advocated for repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell. People took him aside and said he would get in trouble. Micah felt like that was very unfair. He was sad to be part of the military.
Cole loved pizza. His school was having a pizza eating contest. He decided to enter. When he got to the contest, he was the smallest person. However, he won and was so excited.
Janet went to a local pizza shop. Since it was her first time there, she order a plain pizza. The server placed mushrooms and pepperoni on it. When Janet started to eat it, she immediately threw it up. When the server came, he realized that the pepperoni was raw.
Steve watches the news every night. He is terrified by what he sees. Steve spends a lot of time worrying about the state of the world. Steve decides to stop watching the news. He feels much more optimistic about the world.
Jeff enjoyed strenuous rock climbing. Jeff also had problems with his shoulder. He finished a climb one day and sat down to change shoes. When he pushed himself back up, he dislocated his shoulder. He learned that injuries can happen even after exercise.
Allison loved to watch baseball. She closely followed her favorite team. She wanted to go to a game but could not afford tickets. She entered a radio contest for baseball tickets. Allison won the contest and went to her favorite team's game.
James and Kara were hungry. They decided to get take out food for dinner. On their way home, Kara was driving over the speed limit. The police pulled Kara over for speeding. Seeing that they had hot food, the police officer let them go.
Fred wanted to go to the park. But his mother said no. Fred then proceeded to throw a fit. His mother was furious. She told him he couldn't have more candy.
Tom bought a used car. It had dark tinted windows. Within a week Tom was pulled over because of it. He explained the situation and they gave him a warning. Tom had the tint taken off soon after.
Joey was making pancakes for breakfast. But he remembered that his doctor told him he had high blood sugar. So he decided to use less syrup. As he began eating his pancakes, he felt pain in his hands and feet. But the pancakes were too delicious to give up.
Tom was trying to get food. He used a coupon but it was expired. The worker felt bad and asked his manager about it. The manager let Tom use the expired coupon. Tom was very thankful and returned often.
Charlie needed to study for his test. His roommates were making too much noise. Charlie couldn't study with all the noise. Charlie drove down to the library. He was able to study there in peace.
Ryan wanted to buy a denim jacket. He decided to go to the mall. He went to H&M first. He did not find anything there so he went to forever 21. He found a nice denim jacket for $25.
Clark didn't like his new neighbor, Alf. Every night he could hear Alf fighting with his wife. One night, a loud slap broke the quiet. Clark picked up the phone to call the police. The police came to arrest Alf for domestic violence.
A new club opened up down the street. Lucy couldn't wait to try it. She immediately went down there. Unfortunately the bouncer turned her away. The club was already too full.
A dental hygienist visited Johnny's school. She had the students brush their teeth. Then, she handed out red tablets to chew. She checked each student's teeth for signs of brushing. Johnny smiled a big, red-toothed grin.
Jimmy was too lazy to cook dinner. He decided to order a mushroom pizza to his home. When his pizza arrived, he got an anchovy pizza instead. Jimmy complained about his incorrect order through the phone. He was able to get a new pizza delivered to his home.
Abby is an avid scuba diver. Abby's dream has always been to scuba dive at the Great Barrier Reef. One day, Abby got a letter from her father in the mail. As Abby opened the letter, she began crying with joy. Abby's dad was sending her to the Great Barrier Reef to dive in May.
Mandy was shopping on her favorite website. She was about to order something when an error occurred. Her membership had expired and shipping was a ton. She quickly paid to update her membership. Finally she placed the order with a shipping price she liked.
Bill was looking forward to his paid time off vacation. He knew he had worked hard for that vacation. He proudly submitted the request after never missing a day of work. He was denied by his manager. He left the company soon after.
Nathan had his first professional job. He bought a briefcase to store his papers. He felt very confident walking into the office on the first day. His new coworker pointed out that the price tag was still on. It showed the briefcase had only cost ten dollars.
Lisa was a waitress at a busy restaurant. And she was carrying several drinks to a table. A man scooted his chair out, tripping Lisa. And the drinks spilled everywhere. But the man took the blame for it and helped clean up.
When Steven was 7, he wanted to learn how to swim. He took lessons once a week for a few months. He realized he loved swimming so he joined a swim team. He constantly improved his skills over the years. Next week, he swims for the USA in the Olympics.
There once was a dog named Ringo. Ringo had three puppies, including one named Marion. Marion was a mean dog. Marion would always bite and bark at me. I gave Marion to my sister and kept Ringo.
Dana has a cute dog called a Bully Dog. He took off work last Saturday and entered his dog into a contest. Dana felt out of place as a white guy at a show with mostly blacks. His dogged behaved surprisingly well in the show with other dogs. Dana's dog won a first place prize for best Bully Dog.
My friend Sara and I were really bored yesterday. We decided to go swimming and we couldn't decide where we should go. She searched online for places nearby that would let us swim for free. After we found the perfect place, we got our things together. We swam all day and I got a sunburn!
One day Bill and Ted were walking in the woods. They came upon a snake in their path. They didn't know what kind it was. Bill was afraid he would get bit. They both ran back the other way!
Betty and her brother John were playing tag with each other. John was faster but Betty was the smarter out of the two. While john was running after Betty she went inside the house. She set up a trap and quickly ran away from the spot. John fell for the trap and got upset and ended their game.
Allie was walking her dog yesterday. They were walking in the park. All the sudden a cute man walks by. Allie was intrigued. So she got the courage and asked for his number of which he gave.
Kya stole a wallet from a girl in her class. At first she was proud of her acquisition. But then she began to feel guilty. Kya returned the wallet to the girl she'd stolen it from. She felt relieved after she returned it.
Pam loves to stay home instead of going out. Her friends convinced her to go out for bingo night. Pam grudgingly agreed and they went to the local casino. Pam won several rounds of bingo. Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo.
Kate and her friends were finally in Las Vegas. They were exhausted after a long drive. All the irritated girls had barely spoken in 4 hours. But the city was bright and cheery. The girls began to cheer up and smile as they stared in awe.
The little kittens played on the sidewalk. The lady across the street came to get them. I asked why they seemed to be missing their tails. She said they had gotten near the engine in her car. I felt very sorry for the little kittens, and kissed them goodbye.
Mackenzie was at her house. Suddenly, she got a phone call. The person on the line said that he was her crush from school. He told her that he liked her too and they talked all night. Suddenly, the person on the phone revealed that it was a prank.
Angie wanted a new dress for the school dance. Sadly she could not afford one. Her mother had some pretty blue fabric. Angie made herself a lovely dress. Her friends at the dance gave her lots of compliments on it.
Jean had never been very good at math. She had to take an acoustical physics class for her degree. Her friend knew a physics professor who offered to tutor her. She struggled all semester long to understand the concepts. Eventually she passed, but still doesn't consider herself good at math.
Earl cleaned out his car to get rid of all the junk. He found an old camera in the back seat that he forgot about. Earl turned the camera on and took a few photos. The flash of the camera hurt his eyes. Earl rubbed his eyes and rested before going back to cleaning.
Amy's mother took her and Beth to the corn maze. They were meeting other kids from class there. When they arrived they were the only ones they knew. They entered the maze together and got lost. They ended up trampling corn to get out of the maze.
Mildred went to a karaoke night at a pub. She was nervous about singing in front of strangers. Mildred's friends encouraged her to go for it. She selected a song and joined the queue. When she sang, the mic cut out and no one heard her.
Bethany went into her bedroom. She noticed a lingerie piece that she never wore. Instead of asking her boyfriend about it, she took his phone. There were several messages between another woman and him. She remained silent and eventually attacked her husband.
My first time on a jet ski was fun. My uncle was on the back. I was getting too close to a rock wall. He yelled at me to stop. We both fell off.
Kia's boyfriend presented her with a bouquet of flowers. She loved them! She put them in a vase with water. Then she added a little coffee to perk them up. Kia's flowers stayed fresh for weeks!
Becky was staying with her grandfather on his farm for the summer. There was no internet and Becky was bored out of her mind. One day, her grandfather showed her how to make homemade ice cream. After a few weeks, Becky had fallen in love with home cooked meals. Becky visited her grandfather's farm every summer afterwards.
Cole played video games all day, everyday. But he didn't bother sitting properly. Over time, he developed several back issues. And he had to get surgery. Cole decided to never sit with a bad posture again.
Susan never played chess before, so she joined a club. On her first day, she asked someone the rules of the game. She spent the next hour learning the different pieces of the game. When Susan got home, she was glowing. She couldn't wait to come back next week to play.
Ed and Bee flew to Florida for their honeymoon. They spent their days lazing on the shore. They got great tans! At night they went out to fancy dinners. Ed and Bee had a great time on their honeymoon.
Jim placed the birthday candles on his son's cake. His son was turning eight but he put an extra on for good luck. He lit one candle and used that candle to light the rest. When the lights were dimmed the candles were very bright. The glowing cake was brought over to the birthday boy in the darkness.
There once was a horrid smell in the house. It smelled so bad, that I had to find the source. It led me to my wardrobe,which was opened a bit. I almost gagged in horror when I smelled the odor from the wardrobe And then a skunk popped out, causing me to shriek loudly !
Eleanor was a little old lady who was resourceful and clever. She stuck a tube inside a jar of dried beans to make a hiding place. She didn't want a thief to ever find her diamond necklace. Unfortunately, Eleanor's husband, Harry, was losing his memory. He threw the jar of old beans out along with the expensive necklace!
Tim bought a new puppy today. Unfortunately, he has no idea how to take care of a dog. So, he went and bought a litter box and tried to make his dog use it. He was not too happy when his puppy decided to go on the floor. Hopefully somebody tells Tim that's not how it's done.
We were at this big park when I was a kid. We were playing football with my friends. When I suddenly saw this huge hot air balloon landing. It was so big and amazing, I was so jealous of them. We went over and took a look and I loved it.
I was getting rather hungry. I wasn't in the mood for breakfast though. So I decided to eat some cheese snacks. I ate the whole bag. I was very full afterward.
Sam lost his phone. He looked of hours. He finally asked a friend to call it. Sam could just barely hear it vibrating. It was enough to help him find it.
The Johnson boys had asked their parents for a trampoline. For Christmas, they got one and quickly set it up. The trampoline was so much fun. The boys were worn out from jumping on it all day. They thought it was the best gift they had ever gotten.
David was searching on Amazon Mechanical Turk for a reasonable job. He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing. Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories. So he wrote a few. David was happy with his new job.
Jessie was delighted to find a salad bar at the restaurant. She really wanted to eat something healthy. However there were lots of high calorie items on the salad bar. She stuck with the fresh vegetables, avoiding the unhealthy items. She topped her salad with a little oil and red wine vinegar.
I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA. I could barely sleep the night before my first day. I put on the cutest scrubs I could and took a deep breath. I walked into the job with confidence and everyone thought I was cute. I made friends quickly and I found myself loving my new job.
I waited outside my brother's house to pelt him with snow balls. As a special treat, I put some ice into several of them. After this ambush, I ran some errands, eventually going home. When I pulled up to my apartment I knew something was fishy. I walked to my door to find some granny panties hanging on the knob.
When I was 15, I moved into an armory. I had been homeless, and needed a place to stay. I slept on a military cot there for approximately a month. I looked for a job and home the entire time I stayed there. Eventually, I found someone to live with.
Jessica sniffed the growing flowers in her front yard. She had a bad reaction to the pollen. Before she got worse, her mother had to take her to the doctor. The doctor told them that Jessica was very allergic to those flowers. Jessica had to stay inside for the rest of spring.
Franko Banko owned a bank called Frank's Bank. He operated on a fairness policy. His interest rates were low. Unfortunately one day someone found ways to siphon money from him. And eventually he was audited, and lost Frank's Bank.
All of Brian's friends told him he was a great singer. Brian always wanted to be famous for something. He heard that American Idol auditions were being held nearby. Brian went and auditioned for the show. The judges laughed at him and weren't impressed at all.
Today I bought a new smartphone. My new phone can do many things. I am still learning my phone and it seems sort of complicated. I am having problems trying to find my contacts. I regret buying a new phone.
I used to use a lawn service to fertilize my grass. After 2 years, I was still getting weeds and clover. I figured out how much I had paid the service over the years. It really was cheaper to fertilize my own lawn. My lawn looks a lot better now.
Hank was an elderly man who lived alone. He needed a dozen medications to survive. He had trouble affording everything and decided to move. He found a senior home he liked and moved in. He gave away all his things but was very happy at his new place.
A man decided to eat a healthier diet. He understood that nutritious smoothies were popular. He made a salmon and avocado smoothie. This proved to be a terrible, terrible error. The blender was unsalvageable and had to be thrown out.
Chris was out hiking at night. Suddenly he realized that he was lost. Chris wandered around looking for a way out of the woods. He could not find one. Chris was forced to sleep on the forest floor until morning came.
Josh loves to eat crepes. His mom always made them for him. His girlfriend wanted to make them for him. She learned a recipe. He was impressed with her efforts and they were great.
Tommy was not allowed to eat candy before bedtime. His mom told him that if he did he would get a bad tummy ache. He always listened due to being scared of getting one himself. One day he felt bold and proceeded to eat candy behind his mom's back. His tummy ached throughout the night and he knew why his mom was right.
I bought a used computer. It was much cheaper than a new computer. When I turned it on, I discovered the hard drive had not been wiped. There was a lot of artwork and interesting stories on the hard drive. I realized whoever used to own the computer was very creative!
For dinner we had lasagna, cheese bread, and carrots. When our time was called, we all went there at our times. As I brought my tray down, I saw someone to talk to. I talked to her about the election coming up. After we finished our food, conversation ended.
Tom always loved airplanes. He decided to go to flight school. It was great fun and he was very dedicated. He got his flight license. Tom became a well paid pilot.
Lying on the witness stand is called perjury. Someone committing perjury will go to jail. Anyone involved in a trial should be honest. While answering questions just be honest. If you are honest then you can breathe a sigh of relief afterwards.
Jake and Zack love to hunt. Usually, they go together and during deer season. One year, Zack spotted a huge deer and he shot at it. They deer appeared to fall over but was nowhere to be found! They decided that the deer was smarter than them and they went home.
Sam was walking near the lake with his friends. One of his friends pushed him into the lake. The water was colder than they expected. Sam's friend found a towel for him. Sam dried off quickly before he could get sick.
When I was a kid, I went trick or treating. My friends and I dressed up and walked around. We went to houses and asked for candy. When we were done, we went back to my house. We ate pizza and candy and watched horror movies.
Tim was studying for a math test. His friends wanted him to come out and play. He really wanted to play. However he decided to study. He ended up getting an A on the test.
Matt was really excited for an upcoming movie. He also really wanted to avoid getting the movie spoiled for him. He decided not to talk to anyone or go onto the internet. Four weeks later the movie finally came out. He saw the movie free of spoilers and was sad.
Carlos hated being sick. He had to call his work and ask for a day off. Carlos brother came over to help him out. His brother bought him medicine and made him soup. Carlos was better the next day and went to work.
The hummingbirds visited the feeder all day long. Even though there were 4 drinking spots, they didn't share. Being very territorial, they chased each other away. One day, they fought each other until they were down to ground level. It was amazing to see!
Eddy was very superstitious. Every time he made a negative hypothetical, he would touch wood. Once, he said his team wouldn't lose, but there was no wood around. He let it go that once in hope that he was being silly. When his team played, the lost the worst they had ever lost.
Aaron met a Mexican girl and they fell in love. She told him she could make him rich by selling weed. She showed him a secret route across the US - Mexican border. He bought five pounds of weed for seven hundred dollars. On the way back he was stopped by police and charged with a crime.
Abigail left her house very early in the morning. She hiked to a nearby forest and found a clearing. She sat quietly and waited in the early light. A family of deer walked through slowly. Abigail felt very peaceful and happy.
Kia was on her way to work. She drove past someone with a flat tire. She pulled off to the curb to help them. When she explained to her boss why she was late, her boss understood. Kia was glad she wasn't in trouble for stopping to help!
Tom used his laptop everyday for work. Tom loved his computer. One day Tom was careless and spilled water all over his computer. Tom cried. Tom fried the machine and had to throw it away.
Barry wanted to shave his head. But he thought it would be a waste of money to go to a barber shop. So he tried shaving his head himself. But he ended up irritating his scalp. And his hair looked very uneven.
A pipe burst in Tom's kitchen. He called his landlord to get it fixed. The water ruined a lot of Tom's things. The landlord fixed it but refused to pay damages. Tom had to take him to small claims court.
Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her. She didn't go outside. She didn't speak her mind. She listened to a affirmation tape for four weeks. Now, she doesn't worry about what others think.
Chuck sat on his sunglasses and broke them. He tried taping them together to no avail. He went to the store to buy a new pair. He found two pairs that he really liked. Chuck decided to buy both pairs of sunglasses.
Prakash took his lance and rode towards the man on horseback. He pierced the iron armor of the man. Prakash walked towards the carriage the man was guarding. Inside, a beautiful princess hid in the corner. Prakash told her he was her rescuer and they rode off into the sunset.
Simba had two dollars in his wallet. He took a taxi to the airport, which cost him one dollar. He bought a snicker bar, which cost him 50 cents. With only fifty cents left, Simba made a collect call home. He informed his mother he was leaving Cameroon, never to return.
Sarah was taking her math exam. Her calculator all of a sudden ran out of batteries. Sarah raised her hand to call over the instructor. Sarah was able to borrow a calculator from her instructor. Sarah was able to ace her exam with her instructor's calculator.
Ryan wanted to go on a church trip to Asia. His mother said they couldn't afford the tickets, though. So Ryan fundraiser and sold candy bars. In two months he had warned enough for his trip! He and his church went to Asia and had a wonderful time.
Matt thought it would be funny to draw on his teacher's white board. He drew a few crude images and Matt was here. His friend told him she was on her way back to the classroom. Matt tried to quickly erase everything. He quickly realized those were permanent markers he used.
Ken's niece had her car repaired at a local dealership. They charged her over $5,000 to rebuild her engine. Less than two months later the car broke down again. Ken decided to see if he could see what was wrong with the car. The dealership had replaced the bad parts with corroded used parts!
Lilly went to the store to buy a gallon of milk. She took the milk and waited in line. Someone next to her told her it was cheaper elsewhere. So Lily left the gallon there and drove the other store. She found the gallon of milk for two dollars cheaper and was happy.
Connie never had a husband who treated her right. Her husband, Bob, drank too much and was abusive. One day Connie decided she had enough abuse and left Bob. Bob was devastated but he agreed to see a counselor after that. Bob and Connie never reconciled, but Connie felt alive finally.
Felipe loves playing trumpet but he wants to play with other people. One day his friend recommends he join the marching band. Felipe diligently practices playing while marching. Finally he is able to join the marching band. Felipe is very happy that he can play trumpet with others.
Jason was not popular at school. Someone asked him to eat lunch with him. He got really excited. When he got there the kids just made fun of him. It was the worst day for him.
Peter wanted to go eat some cake. So Peter went down to the bakery. The baker wanted a lot of money to bake a cake. Peter didn't have enough money for a cake. So Peter bought some pastries.
Greg was groggy but got up on time. He showered and ate and left his house only a little late. Greg made it to the bus stop and waited. After waiting for 15 minutes he realized he'd missed the bus. Greg's clock was behind an hour.
Eric was playing his favorite online shooter game. He kept on losing in the game. It was because his internet was too slow. Eric called up his internet company. He purchased a faster internet package for $20 more a month.
I wore an elf hat to work one day. My co-worker laughed and said I looked like and elf. I told him that I was going for the elf look. The co-worker asked where I got the hat from. I refused to tell him because I wanted to be the only elf.
Nina was babysitting a pair of preteen siblings. They were bored, so Nina came up with a fun suggestion. She whipped up some finger paints with food coloring and gelatin. Then she took the kids out into the yard with big pieces of paper. The three of them spent hours painting their bright creations!
Gina disliked the CVS near her home. But her mother asked her to pick up her prescription She agreed to stop for her. She expected to see a long line at the pharmacy. Gina was relieved when she was the only one at the pharmacy.
Hillary destroyed Don's celebrity star on the sidewalk. Don expressed no surprise at all. He commissioned another one to be set in stone. Don planted some homeless people on his star for good measure. He dared Hilary to try to destroy it again.
Not a peanut butter sandwich again! John stared at his sack lunch dismally. Then he had an idea! He traded his orange for another kid's banana and honey packet. Now he had a delicious peanut butter, banana, and honey sandwich!
The girls were on a work trip. They had reservations at a hotel. When they got there, they did a thorough inspection of the room. They had researched bedbugs. They pulled back all the sheets and luckily no bedbugs.
Anna had just finished four years at a prestigious college. She decided to take a very unconventional next step-a trip. She planned to backpack across Western Europe for 8 months! It was a risky career move, but she focused on enjoying the moment. And when she returned, several offices began courting her ASAP!
Brad was always a husky boy. One day he befriended Charlie, a skinny boy. Charlie got picked on a lot at school. One day Brad got fed up with it and beat up a kid bullying Charlie. The next day the police came and took Brad away.
My family and I ordered pizza one day for lunch. We were anxiously awaiting it's cheesy flavor as we prepared. When our backs were turned our cat jumped onto the table. She began to lick the cheese off the pizza, ruining our delicious meal. I could not believe my eyes and we thoroughly scolded the cat.
John had always wanted to have a bike. However, he didn't know what kind of bike to buy. A friend recommended he buy a mountain bike. John bought one and loved it. John was happy to have a new bike.
Shotgun Jim was a wanted criminal. He'd robbed a dozen banks along the 11 western states. The money was never recovered, or even spent. Eventually he was caught, and ask why he never spent the cash. He laughed and told the police that robbery was a sport.
My son was not playing with the other kids in kindergarten. He preferred to play alongside them without involvement. He went to see a special psychologist for children. After 3 days of intensive testing, she diagnosed him. My son was diagnosed with autism.
Juliette told the cops she wasn't near the vault during the robbery. The cops examined the tape to realize she was standing next to it. Juliette said the tape was wrong. But the cops cuffed her. Juliette denied her involvement until she confessed during the trial.
Shelly wanted to make her Mother a birthday present. She decided to make her a picture frame. Using Popsicle sticks, she made the frame. Shelly put a picture of herself in the frame. It was her Mother's favorite birthday gift.
My son was doing his homework. He was tasked with writing sentences. He did not want to write them out. I told him he would get a bad grade. He decided to write them for a good grade.
Tia planted flowers in her garden and tended them often. One hot day, she donned gloves and a sun hat before working. But when she got inside later, she was shocked. Her arms and neck were bright red with sunburn! Only her hands and face remained white.
Danielle likes to go hunting with her grandfather. From the time that she was a little girl she used to go with him. Most girls didn't like to hunt but she always has. She mostly loved spending time with her grandfather. When he passed away he left her all of his hunting equipment to use.
Eva had always had curly hair, and she hated it. She had always put so much effort into straightening it. Then one night she just didn't have the energy to battle her curls. In the morning, she feared her classmates would mock her wild hair. But to her surprise, she received dozens of envious compliments!
I met a man on the bench today. His name is Tom. Tom told me he is 78 and a widower. He said he moved here after his wife died recently. I was saddened by his way of talking.
I had the stairs near me. They were very loud. It bothered me. Thankfully the sound went down. I was happy about that.
James wanted to be a football player. He worked very hard to get good enough to join the team. He went to tryouts and did his very best. After some deliberation, the coach told him he was on the team. Hard work and determination paid off for James.
My sink was filled with dishes. I decided to spend time washing them. I sat there for an hour washing dishes. I loaded my dishwasher and ran it. I sat down feeling proud.
It was a stormy day in Seattle. Collin had gone out to buy his wife a new coat. Collin made the purchase and was leaving the store. As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him! His wife's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky!
Becky and her family were excited to go to nyc for the first time. They were going to be staying in midtown. As soon as they got there they went to see wicked on Broadway. The family also didn't forget to do some major shopping. At the end of the trip, Becky had memories to last a lifetime.
One day, I decided to make some homemade pasta. I looked online for different recipes. I finally found a recipe that I liked and got the ingredients. I began preparing the pasta and sauce. After a long time of toiling, the pasta was done.
Anna was making pasta for her family. But then she saw she had no jars of sauce left! She decided to try her hand at homemade sauce. She mixed canned tomato paste with herbs and spices. Anna's family all complimented her delicious homemade sauce!
Bobby desperately wanted to find the most Easter Eggs this year. Whatever child found the most would win a huge chocolate bunny. When it was time he ran as fast as he could to the end of the field. All the other kids were splitting up the eggs near the starting line. He had twelve more eggs than any other child!
Beth was really looking forward to performing in the choir concert. She practiced her music with the choir and alone at home. On the day of the concert, the choir performed with the orchestra. The sound filled the room and it was beautiful. Beth was thrilled to be a part of something so wonderful!
It was a cold day. So Emma was reluctant to take a shower. But the hot water made her forget the cold weather. She stayed in the shower longer than usual. But Emma couldn't stay in there forever.
Lauren and Maxwell went camping at Yosemite. They decided to hike a twenty mile trail the first night. When they got back to the campsite Maxwell realized he lost his keys. He was in a pure panic not knowing how far away he dropped them. Lauren, with a huge smile reached into her pocket and pulled out keys.
John wanted to run for a marathon. He trained for weeks to run a marathon. He built up his stamina. John ran the marathon. He finished it.
Marta's air conditioner kept shutting off for some reason. She didn't have enough money to get it repaired. Not knowing what to do, she started pressing random buttons. It seemed to work temporarily, which satisfied her. The next day, though, it stopped working entirely.
Jeffrey hated having to get up so early to go to work. Part of the problem was his love of staying up late. He liked to watch tv and play video games before going to sleep. This habit led to severe insomnia. When he got to work, he was always tired because of this bad habit.
The Clarke family had six kids. They drove to the park to have a picnic. The mother handed everyone a lunch. She had one extra lunch in her hand. She realized they had left one of kids at home.
My friend Joe is a would be poet. He self-published a book of poems. He is a 98 year old retired businessman. His teacher was Susan Astor, a published poet. I bought Astor's book and gave it to Joe.
Ashley went to the park every afternoon. There was a man who walked his dog there every day. One day, the man's dog broke loose and ran straight for Ashley. Ashley was so frightened she couldn't speak. The man introduced himself, and they fell in love.
Andrea was babysitting her four year old niece. She decided to leave the room to get something in the kitchen. When Andrea came back, her niece was drawing on the walls. Andrea scrubbed the wall for an hour while her niece giggled. Her sister never noticed a thing.
Devin was playing with his kids when a snake crawled in his yard. He put his kids in a safe place and killed the snake with a machete. Devin had severed the head and was digging a hole to bury it in. His son began playing with the head and stuck her finger in its mouth. Devin rushed her to the hospital where she was treated and released.
Eric was making some chili. He tasted it and it seemed too bland. He ran out of seasoning and didn't want to eat it. He found a can of enchilada sauce in his pantry. He added the enchilada sauce to the chili and ate it fast.
My seventeenth birthday was the best day ever! I missed the beginning of school to go get my license. I was so nervous for the driving test, but luckily, I passed! I drove to school in my new car and I felt so cool! It was the best day of my life.
Jake decided to wash his car. He got all the things together. He soaped it up and scrubbed it. Then Jake rinsed it off. Jake's car was spotless by the time he was done.
Tim was walking. He seen an object up the road. He ran up to it. It was a pair of glasses. He put them in his pocket and ran.
Oscar just left a grocery store. But someone outside asked him for bus money. And Oscar gave him a few dollars. Later, he saw the person buying beer at a convenience store. And Oscar decided to never give money to beggars anymore.
Ronald loved to eat eggs every day. He would eat at least five a day. One day, he found out he was out of eggs. He searched everywhere for more eggs. Finally, he rushed to the store and bought more eggs.
Preston was a great kayaker. He liked to kayak down the river. He went on Saturday and was gone for seven hours. When he came home, he was sunburned and tired. Despite that fact, he was eager to go again!
Linda hung up the phone. She'd just ordered a pizza to her house. An hour later, the delivery man pulled up. He handed her a big, hot box. Linda couldn't wait to eat the whole pizza!
On July 11th, my son took me out to get sushi. My wife was working and does not like sushi. We went to Genki Ya in Fresh Pond. The sashimi was wonderful. Unfortunately my stomach disagreed with me later on.
Barb was very upset when her dog got sick. They had no choice but to put the dog to sleep. Barb thought she would never get over it. One day, her friend surprised her with a new puppy. Barb fell in love with the pup and felt a lot better.
John wanted to surprise his girlfriend Kathy. He bought her a new notebook. She opened a box and turned the notebook on. She found out it had operation system she did not know. She was not very happy.
Julia was doing a school project. She needed to learn about her family history. She was going through some old books. The history was so new and interesting to her. She had a new appreciation for her ancestors.
Christina found a turtle. She decided to keep the turtle as a pet. The next day she saw something strange in the box with the turtle. She was mortified when her mom told her that was poop. Christina decided she no did not want to keep the turtle anymore.
Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.
Glen was playing video games in his room. Suddenly the game he was playing became very difficult. Glen became very angry as he could not beat the level. After being angered, Glen threw the game controller at his TV. The TV screen shattered and Glen had to stop playing the game.
Ben joined the police hoping he'd do some good. The first day on the job he got called to investigate a crime. When he arrived there two men had guns. Before he had time to think he was shot in the knee. His career ended there as he couldn't walk again.
It was a very cold night. Becky was shivering from the cold air. She needed to cover up before she caught a cold. She wrapped up in her favorite blanket. Becky finally got warm.
Harry was driving down a road when something caught his eye. A large snapping turtle sat in the middle of the road. Harry wanted to move the turtle to safety. He used a long stick to gently coax it along. Harry was able to get the turtle safely off the road, into the grass.
Maria was on a walk to the store. It was dead winter and very cold. She tried her best to stay warm but it was freezing. It was so cold that she decided to go inside the nearest building. She waited there for a friend to pick her up.
I bought a boat so that I could hunt for sunken treasure. On the first day on my boat I found a spot that looked lucky. I put on all my scuba gear and prepared to enter the water. I jumped into the water and began looking for treasure. After and hour of searching I was able to find a treasure chest.
Tim had a dream. It was about him being famous. Everyone loved him. Then he woke up. He made it his goal to make the dream come true.
Justin just started at a high school. He was used to being popular. However, things had changed. He had to make new friends. Justin finally gained his popularity back.
Jace was having a terrible day. His coffee had spilled and he was also late getting to work. Once at work he realized he forgot important work materials. He went into his office and began to cry. A coworker seen this and consoled him until he felt better.
Bri was at home with her 9 month old daughter. She was trying to get her house cleaned before dinner. She ran into the kitchen to check on the food in the oven. When she came back she could not find her daughter. Her daughter was hiding in the laundry basket.
Justin was trying to make tasty scrambled eggs. He had made some perfect fluffy curds and was just adding cheese. Suddenly, the cheese began to fizzle and burn. It turned into a bitter dark mess right away. Justin had to throw it all out and give up.
Benny took his mom on a pilgrimage in Italy. They visited all the churches they could see. They even stopped at the Vatican to buy holy water. When they came back, Benny's mom had changed. She was now glowing with a peaceful calmness.
Alicia went to the zoo. She was looking at a lizard in the desert exhibit. Something flew by and bumped into Alicia's head. An alarm started going off. Bats had gotten loose and were flying around the zoo!
Jay just turned sixteen. He was so excited about getting his driver's license. He had been practicing with his dad every day. His dad took him to the DMV. Jay got took his test and he passed.
Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!
Jordan's boss asked him to clean up the kitchen before heading home. Knowing he would be the first to work tomorrow, Jordan chose to wait. The next day, Jordan found a giant group of fruit flies in the kitchen! Taking care of the fruit flies and the mess caused him to get behind. Jordan was reprimanded by his boss and vowed not to do it again.
Holden was graduating high school. He wore his blue cap and gown and walked down the aisle. Holden's family and friends congratulated him. As he threw his cap in the air, he smiled. He looked forward to attending college in the fall.
Natalia was passing out candy to the kids. She handed a few pieces to the first two kids. However, she told the last kid that the candy ran out. She began to cry. To stop the crying, Natalia gave her a toy instead of candy.
James needed to wash his truck. It was covered in mud. He decided to get it done at a charity instead of himself. The car washing girls charged him extra. James figured it was worth it.
Growing up, I had always wanted to visit France. When I was twenty-six, I got the chance to go. I traveled with a group of strangers to Paris. There we saw many monuments and works of art. Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true.
Jimmy had to get a root canal. He was very nervous and the appointment is in 30 minutes. He spend an hour waiting for the surgeon. When he was taken care of, he got anesthetized. He did not feel a thing and the procedure went smoothly.
He spotted an island on the lake. He took a boat to see it. He found a lot of antelope on it. They all looked at him. He took a lot of pictures.
Hayes has always been allergic to milk. This is very troubling as he loves milk chocolate. One day, he tried dark chocolate. He fell in love with it. Now, Hayes only eats dark chocolate.
I was late for work. I quickly made some toast for breakfast. I burned the toast. I decided to make more toast. I burned that too and gave up and took the day off.
Molly dreaded track and field day at school. When the teacher took down names, she didn't volunteer for any event. Molly was relieved when she saw the events fill up. Finally, there was only one event left. Molly saw the teacher add her name to the longest race.
A female approached the office. She asked the front desk worker if there are any job openings. The worker assumed that she was a transgender. She looked at him with a weird grin. He said that the company does not work with their type.
The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas. All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above. It destroyed half the town. Houses were lifted off the ground. Christmas will never be remembered the same.
Ned was walking in the park one day. He noticed the sky started to turn gray. Ned turned back toward his house. He didn't quite get home before it started raining. Ned ran inside a little wet but happy to be home.
Terrance caught the basketball. He looked up at the clock. There were only a few seconds left on the clock. He faked a pass then shot. Terrance scored the last bucket, winning the game.
A small town was preparing to cut down some trees. They needed to make space for a new library. Arnold's favorite old tree was being cut as well. He didn't want it to be cut so he tied himself to it. Luckily his protest worked and they managed to avoid that tree.
John went out to the lake to go fishing one morning. He went onto his boat and relaxed with his fishing pole. While sitting, he felt a tug on his pole and began reeling. Just as he was pulling the fish up, a beautiful sunrise emerged. John couldn't believe the sight and he was brought to tears.
Tina was on her way to bed. She had a late night. She slept for eight hours. When she woke up it was ten. She was two hours late for school.
Alec entered a break dancing competition. He had been taking lessons at his school for Years. The people in the competition were much better than him. He made it through the first round and lost in the second. He still had a great time at the competition and kept dancing.
I went to the bank to take out money. The teller informed me that I was broke. He said I spend too much money when I get it. I decided to open up a savings account. Now I was able to save some of the money from my paycheck.
Alex believed that his friends were going to leave him at school. He stopped eating during lunch and asked them about it. They were going to be doing something without him. He went home, feeling rather disappointed. At home he found all of them there, throwing a party for him.
Morgan's parents sent her off to sleepaway camp. The first night there, she was so homesick she couldn't sleep. As the days went on, Morgan started to make friends. She had so much fun with them that she never wanted camp to end. When it was finally time to leave, she was sad to go home!
Today contractors are repairing the apartment building exterior. It is very noisy outside. Our cat hates noise. When they started working she hid under the bed. She has come out only to eat.
Jerry was playing catch with Diana He tried to do a trick shot and launched the boomerang high in the air However, the boomerang came towards Jerry. It ended up hitting his face. When Diana ran to him, she noticed that he caught a black eye.
Freddy was in the streets,walking around. He saw members of the rival gang. He was all alone but decided to take them. It was 10 against 1. Freddy died.
Lola was very tired before work. She decided to get a Starbucks coffee. She drank the coffee in the car on her drive to work. She had much more energy after her coffee. Lola did not get tired throughout her shift at work.
Tim was an energetic kid. He kept trying to climb everything. One day he tried to climb a shelf. It gave in to his weight and came crashing down. Tim was hurt in the accident.
Jim has an English test tomorrow. He is not ready at all. He decided to pull an allnighter. When he got to school, he fell asleep. Jim slept through his test and failed.
Chris went to get a coffee. He was on a diet to lose weight. Chris caught the smell of the donuts freshly laid out on display. He knew he was on a diet, but they smelled so good. Chris decided his diet would start tomorrow.
Jake was bored at home. He wondered why none of his friends had invited him out. It was the weekend and he wanted something to do. When he checked his phone he noticed missed calls and texts. He had accidentally set it to silent.
Tom bought a scary mask. He sneaked outside his brother's window at night. He broke in and scared him in the middle of the night. His brother peed himself and had a mini heart attack. He had ptsd ever since.
Kelsi had been separated from her husband for awhile now. To her surprise she got a call saying he was in the hospital. Although they were separated, Kelsi still felt obligated to him. She stayed by his bedside for days. While by his side she began rethinking the divorce over.
Karen was a little bit nervous about going to her high school reunion. She feared that group of girls who made fun of her would be there. However, she put on a brave face as she neared the reception hall. She was relieved to discover every one of those girls had gotten fat. Being fat made the girls much friendlier and Karen had a great time.
Kirk had learned Chinese a long time ago in school. As he had never practiced it, he forgot most of it. When his job took it to China, he saw the opportunity. He spoke to a few people there using simple words. And as time went by, he became fluent and could hold conversations.
Nancy was eating lunch in school today. A random stranger approached her. He asked if she was eating fried chicken. She felt offended and yelled at him. She also threw her tray at him.
The boys took their robot outside. Since it was complete, it was able to move around smoothly. A few seconds later, outside started to rain. The robot suffered from a few sparks. In the end, it ran out of battery.
Yesterday I was texting. The text bubble was a different color. I noticed it and it was odd. I had to call customer service. They fixed the issue.
Lucy was used to speeding. She had never gotten a traffic ticket before. One day, Lucy was pulled over by a police officer for speeding. She tried to talk her way out of a ticket with no avail. Now, Lucy always thinks twice before speeding.
Kelly knew her single mom worked very hard at two jobs. So one day Kelly decided to show her appreciation. She lugged all four loads of their laundry downstairs. In the basement, she washed, dried, and folded everything. Her mom was so happy when she found out, she cried!
Jennifer was turn twelve on the same day as her best friend. The two decided to throw a party together on the same day. Her friend wanted a clown theme birthday party. Jennifer disagreed with this idea she wanted an outer space theme. Comprising they threw a clown in space theme birthday party.
Veronica loved everything about the desert biome. She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals. She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert. She had lots of cactus memorabilia. Finally she moved to the desert in Arizona and loved it.
Mark decided to boil water for some tea. Then he got distracted by the television. When Mark came back, the pot was burning. The plastic handles on Mark's pot had caught fire! He singed his hands and had to get a new pot.
Jasmine had a hard time concentrating. She was sitting in class and kept spacing out. She needed to be prepared for this test! She sat up straighter and picked up her pen. She was determined to take good notes so she could study well.
I have to have a certain amount of milk in my cereal. If the ratio isn't correct I get mad. If there is too much milk the cereal is too soggy. If there isn't enough milk the cereal is too hard. Finding the perfect balance is hard, but necessary.
Nancy lived on a farm. She bought a pig. It was so pink and cute. She fed it scraps and slop. The pig grew quickly.
I was hoping he was the one when we met. He was so sweet and held the door for me. After a few months of dating we had a reservation at a restaurant. Halfway into dessert, he proposed! He was the one after all.
Tim was walking. He saw a cat. He always wanted a cat. He tried chasing it, but he couldn't catch it. He ended up taking a picture to save the memory.
Jill struggled to learn her first piano piece. But she was determined to master it. After several weeks, she learned it. She recorded the piece. And it reminded her of how hard she worked.
My friend and i got a Canoe. We took the canoe to a nearby river. We floated down the river for 2 hours. I got a lot of sun. We had a really fun day.
Sarah was baking hand pies. First she had to make the crust and cut it into circles. Then, she filled the crust with an apple mixture. Finally, she pinched them all shut and covered them in cinnamon. After cooking them in the oven, they were ready to eat!
Kayla wanted blonde hair. Kayla's natural hair color was black. She decided to bleach her hair on her own. Kayla followed the directions on the packet of bleach. Kayla's hair turned orange.
Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation. She went for a long horse ride on the second day. During the ride, a horse got scared and kicked her. Her leg needed 3 reconstructive surgeries. Susan will not go horseback riding again.
Kelly got gum stuck in her hair yesterday. It was pink bazooka. She freaked out when it got stuck. Her mom told her to use peanut butter to get it out. She tried that and it worked.
Bob wanted to run the 5K race at the end of the month. Two weeks before the race, Bob got sick. He could not train as hard as he wanted. But Bob would not let anything stop him. His time wasn't great, but Bob finished the race Saturday.
My sister used to date a guy I called Baldy. I called him Baldy because he was bald. It seemed to really bother him. It bothered him so much that he bought a wig. He started to wear the wig all the time.
Jason takes pride in never losing control. But there came a day when someone made him really mad. A car, that was backing up, almost hit him and his son. But the driver fussed at Jason. Jason was mad and chocked the driver unconscious.
Rita and Clyde loved to do projects. They were also tearing something apart and making something new. Both of them very handy and creative. They tried their hand at flipping an old house into a nice place. They were very successful and now live in that flipped house.
Remy always drinks coffee before going to work. He has trouble getting through the day without it. Remy noticed his coffee machine wasn't working. He decided to rush to a cafe before work. Remy is awake but also late to work.
My wife dropped the car off for repairs today. She needed to ride the MBTA bus to work. She was skeptical of the MBTA, where I used to work. The bus arrived on time and got her to work early. She was impressed.
My friend Joe fancies himself to be a poet. He gave me a book of his poems. Joe said he gave readings. The poems were trite and I discovered the book was self published. I did not have the heart to tell Joe I thought his poetry was bad.
Vera dreamed of having white wall to wall carpeting. Despite her husband's misgivings, they had the carpet installed. Vera was vigilant about keeping the carpet spotless. She put down throw rugs wherever anyone might walk. Eventually, the white carpet was covered in colorful throw rugs.
Kim was going on vacation. She asked her neighbor to water her plants. The neighbor agreed to do so. Kim returned to a house full of dead plants. The neighbor had forgotten and felt really bad.
Jack has a big exam tomorrow. He forgot to eat breakfast. All during the test his stomach growled. Jack was extremely embarrassed. Luckily has was able to finish the test quickly and get a snack.
Joey was a skater. He could do many tricks on his roller blades. One day he tried to grind on a hand-rail. Instead he landed with his legs on either side of the pole. He isn't sure he will be able to father a child now.
Tommy always wanted a cat. He would always do research related to cats. One day he went on a field trip to an animal center. He saw the most beautiful cat there. Tommy decided to adopt the cat.
Gina's poured dish soap on the sidewalk. As she sprayed it with the hose it bubbled and foamed. Soon the gutter was full of foam. It began to back up into the grass. Soon there were large foamy peaks of soap on the grass and sidewalk.
Bill was upset with his high electric bill. He looked into ways to decrease his electricity use. He decided to get a more efficient air conditioner. Bill's next electric bill was much lower. He was pleased with his decision to get a new air conditioner.
Nora went to see a terrifying play. Everyone died or was tortured and hurt in some way. While the rest of the audience cringed and cried, she laughed. Her hysterics got her kicked out and asked never to come back. Nora still thinks it's the funniest play she ever saw.
Ruth sat down to watch TV after a long day of work. She saw that her old favorite cartoon, The Flintstones, was on TV now. Watching the show made her fall into a sort of TV trance. When she next saw the clock, she realized she watched it for 3 hours. At that point Ruth decided that she had enough cartoons for the day.
I was freezing from the cold weather outside. As a result, I decided to set up a heater in my room. I became more cozy as I moved my arms around the heater. Without paying attention, the tip of my jacket was on the heater. Eventually, that part got burned.
Matt was beginning to lose his hair. He was self conscious about his looks. Matt began to wear hats more often. He got a job where he couldn't wear a hat. Matt eventually shaved off the rest of his head.
My grandma knitted a white tablecloth for my parents. My mom got red sauce on it! My dad was very angry. Fortunately, it came out very easily. My dad was not angry anymore.
I had a friend that used to always be around me. He was cool, fun, and shared many memories with me. He had his friends set me up to get robbed. I have not talked to or heard from him since. This was back in college.
Greg saw a customized car on his way to work. So he thought making some changes to his own car wouldn't hurt. He first got it repainted. But he continued to make changes more and more frequently. Greg eventually wasted all of his money on his car.
Gerard was performing a show on his birthday. This concert was the last of the tour. At the end of the concert, the band left. Instead of cheering for another song, they sang him happy birthday. Gerard was very happy and performed an encore.
I just bought a new video game that I cannot wait to play. Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it. I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end. I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home. This is going to be the longest work shift ever!
The runner prepared for the sprint. Training had been going great. The day of the sprint came. The runners ran the race. The runner came in first.
On Thanksgiving day, we had lots of friends over for supper. My mom woke up really early, and spent the whole day cooking. The turkey took almost seven hours in the oven! She finished the day with a delicious butternut squash cake. Everyone finally sat down to eat after a big day of fun.
My teacher gave us a reading assignment before I came home. I started to read the book. After several pages, I fell asleep on the table. My mom woke me up next morning at the time she was leaving to work. I quickly packed up and left the house.
Ronda was at the fair craving something buttery. She saw popcorn and immediately wanted a bag. When she had her bag, she began taking bites. To her dismay this popcorn was sweet, which she hated. She ended up giving the popcorn to her daughter instead.
The kids were riding rides at the fair. They went to the very top of the Ferris Wheel and it stopped. They were stuck! The kids screamed and cried. Finally, the ride started working again.
Pat went to the park to take photos. He saw a couple with a dog. He took a picture of the three. The couple noticed and told Pat to delete the photo. Pat deleted it and had to be more secretive from now on.
Ray had poor vision. But he didn't change his habits. He sat at his computer all day. And he didn't eat food with enough vitamin A. Ray had to get stronger and stronger glasses every year.
A gas station was set on fire. A young driver stopped to get gas. When his tank was full he paid and got ready to leave. The only problem was that he hadn't removed the hose from his gas tank. He tried to drive off and it caused a big fire.
It was snowing heavily outside. Jimmy called up his friends to play. They had a huge snowball fight. Jimmy got hit in the face with a snowball! He cried home to his mom.
I wanted to buy a ring for my girlfriend. I didn't want to buy a diamond ring so I chose topaz. My girlfriend loved the ring. Then, she saw the receipt. I had bought it from a pawn shop so she got angry.
Corky and his wife own two stores in the local mall. They both sell the same type of tourist items. I asked Corky why they didn't just combine the stores. He said they were in a competition to see who sold the most. Competing with each other actually helps their family income!
Colleen was just buying a used car. The owner warned her that the car was tricky. He showed her how to start the car. It involved some wiggling of the gear. Colleen made sure she knew how to do it before leaving.
Samantha had an ugly sweater party tonight. She didn't know what to wear! She went to her local thrift store. She saw the ugliest Christmas sweat there. Her friends complimented her sweater at the party later that night.
June Miller was always bragging about how everyone adored her. It was still great fun when our families went to the beach together. The children had gathered around a crab once, careful not to touch. Nosy June Miller shoved through, insisting all creatures love her. The crab clamped down on her toe, sending her into a funny frenzy.
Joe went scuba diving. He saw many beautiful fish. Then he spotted a shark cruising his way! Joe hurried back up to the boat. He was grateful that the shark hadn't attacked!
Dana has a boyfriend. They had sex unprotected. She ended up having a baby. She decided to keep it. She's now a mom.
When I went to Walmart I was going to pay in cash. When I got to the register I counted out my cash and handed it to her! The cashier counted it out and handed me my change. While walking away I counted it out. I quickly noticed that she gave me too much, so I went back!
Ali's class had arrived at the museum. She looked around to see if the bully Val was there. Val was nowhere to be seen. Ali tried to relax as she climbed the museum stairs. Her stomach dropped when she saw Val waiting for her at the door.
It was nearly Halloween and John had purchased a large bag of candy. He was going to pass the candy out to trick-or-treaters. At work, his co-workers kept staring at the bag. During John's lunch break, he caught Sam trying to sneak pieces. John made Sam buy him another bag so he'd have twice as much.
I am retired on a disability pension. I had a stroke in October of 2011. Since I was physically disabled, I took up reading. This year thus far, I have read 105 books, Reading takes up my time, and lets me forget my condition.
Nora was trying to lose weight. She changed her diet and started hitting the gym. After a month, she started seeing progress. She ended up adopting the lifestyle. Now she's one of the most fit people I know.
The class was ready for their field trip. They loaded up on the bus and took off. They arrived at a local cave. The class spent that day looking at all the cave formations. The field trip was fun and informative.
My rent was due. I didn't have enough money to afford it. The landlord demanded his rent money. I cursed at him and told him to go away. Naturally, this angered him so he evicted me.
There were so many books to see in the store. She wanted them all. She only had enough money for two. She would have to make a good choice. Maybe the library had the others.
When Johnny received his journalism degree he doubted he'd find a job. His teachers told him the newspaper writing field was shrinking. But Johnny sent a resume and cover letter to the County Register. He made a follow-up call 3 days later and an interview was scheduled. The editor offered him a reporting position that same day.
My son plays hockey for his college. During one game, he injured his shoulder. He went to rehab and worked very hard. The injury started to heal. Because of his hard work, he can play in two weeks.
Sarah and Leonard took their kids to Disneyland that day. When they were waiting in line, their toddler ran off into a crowd. They were both frantic, desperate to find her. Disneyland employees rushed to the scene to help them. Their toddler had run to Mickey Mouse and was safe from harm.
Last week I had to help a friend move furniture. It was a long and tedious job. He gave us beer and pizza as a reward. I would have preferred money. Helping friends move is terrible and I don't want to do it again.
It was a beautiful day and Julie wanted to enjoy it. So, she decided to go on a bike ride. Julie was going pretty fast on her bike. Suddenly she fell off. Julie got a pretty badly scraped knee.
Dolores felt like she was good with people. She decided to get a psychology degree because of her people skills. Dolores studied hard for several years. After she graduated she got a job in therapy. Dolores was proud to use her people skills as a therapist.
Sarah decided she wanted to learn yoga. She looked up yoga studios that were nearby online. She picked one. She went to her first class. Turns out, Sarah hates yoga!
Mary always wanted to visit New York. Her parents promised to take her this summer. She made a bucket list of all the tourist stops in New York. Mary later lost the bucket list. She had to start a new one three days before her trip.
Lisa went to a library. She wanted to return some books. She looked to her bag and noticed she took wrong book to return. She had to go back home. She came to the library the next day.
Sasha was just getting home from the grocery store. She began putting away the food. Then, she noticed that the sausage was expired. She brought the sausage back to the store. Luckily, they quickly gave her a new one.
Jeff needed to mow his lawn. But he could no longer afford to hire a gardener. He decided to mow his lawn himself. He quickly became tired. But after he finished, he felt proud of himself.
Felix enjoyed going boating at the lake. He invited his friend Jeremy to come along with him. Jeremy was afraid because he didn't know how to swim. Felix offered him a safety jacket. Jeremy calmed down and decided to go on the boat.
One day Angel got a letter in the mail. It said she had been selected to appear on a gameshow. Angel was nervous so she studied hard to pass all of the questions. She flew to the studio and took her place on stage. Angel did well on the game show thanks to studying the night before.
Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone. She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday. But on her birthday they handed her a huge box! Aya hid her disappointment and opened the box. Inside was lots of styrofoam peanuts - and a new cell phone!
She named the puppy Prissy. Prissy loved to run in the dining room. She ran circles around the table. She panted as she ran. Everyone laughed at her antics.
Maddie's family went strawberry picking. They collected four big cartons. When they got home her mom started work on making jelly. They had so much they couldn't possibly eat it all. So all their friends got jelly at Christmas time that year.
Trent wanted to visit southeast Asia. He had heard it made for a lovely vacation. Supposedly the food and places there were great and cheap. Trent planned his trip and arrived in a new country. Trent enjoyed his time and decided that it was a good choice.
Jude was a manager in a burrito restaurant. He had a customer who wanted a refund. The customer was angry because Jude couldn't give him one. He threatened all the workers with violence. He was soon after escorted out by the police.
Ann dressed pajamas to her little daughter. A little girl protested, she did not like her pajamas. Ann calmed her down and put her to sleep. Ann woke up in the morning. She saw her little girl sleeping naked.
Hank got a survey done on his house's property. Hank had the surveyor mark the edges of his property with paint. Then he had a fence built on top of the line. Hank felt a lot more relaxed with the privacy of the fence. He would regularly do yard work in the nude after the fence was built.
Alex was very nervous about the test tomorrow. He asked me for help studying but I was busy. He was very nervous and woke up super early to study. The teacher said he was confident in Alex to take the test! Alex took the test and got a passing grade!
Owen put on his baseball cap backwards. A stranger told him to wear his hat correctly. Owen turned his hat forwards. He got out of the stranger's sight. Owen turned his cap back to backwards.
My friend has a problem with raccoons in his house. They come through the cat door and eat his cats' food. Last week he was awoken by a loud crash in the middle of the night. He ran into the kitchen and saw two raccoons in his kitchen cabinets. They had knocked his dishes to the floor and broken them.
I used to work at a school A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals. I got to hold a baby monkey to show my students. The monkey became frightened and bit me. I had to go get a tetanus shot after that.
My brother is a hunter. He decided to give me a turkey that he hunted. I cut up the turkey and was going to throw away the bones. My brother suggested that I make bone broth instead. I made some bone broth and it was tasty!
The city shook with a huge boom. A bomb had exploded in the city's center. The citizens fled the area. They all took cover in their homes. It had been a very scary day for them.
Saw a post on Facebook about a local farm that grows sunflowers. They open up their farm for free to all visitors. The flowers are beautiful and you can roam around freely. Made a plan to take the family and take some pictures. It did not disappoint and I think we have our Xmas card picture.
Liam was a very funny guy. He decided to try his hand in stand up comedy. Liam unfortunately suffered from stage fright. He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes. Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed.
Returning home from work, Karen saw her front door was partially open. She thought someone had broken in and called the police. The cops came and Karen discovered it was only her brother. She had said he could come over while his place was being painted. She was a little embarrassed but more relieved than anything else.
One summer day it was very hot and humid. No one in the town could keep cool. The sheriff sat in front of a fan all day. A bank robber took advantage of this and stole money. The sheriff made wanted posters and a plan to catch the crook.
Liz moved into a new home. She walked to see what was to the right of her place. She walked to see what was to the left. She came home. Liz loved her new neighborhood!
LeTosh was about to be in a reality show. She was so nervous and uneasy. On set, the producers flirted with her and touched her waist. She tried to act her role, but was bothered by the producers. She decided to have dignity, quit the job and left the set.
Eddie had been sent back to his homeland of Mexico. He was married to a very fat woman in the USA. Eddie thought this was a blessing in disguise. Eddie found an attractive Mexican women. The two ran off together and he forgot about his whale of a wife.
It was a hot, sticky summer day. Ana wished she had a rubber band to tie her hair back. She couldn't find one, so she ducked into a gas station. There, she bought a bag of rubber bands for $4. Ana was sad she'd had to spend so much money to tie her hair back!
My daughter had been hiding away in her room all week. She's been active weird and secretive. I was worried she had trouble at school or was on drugs. Then she gave me a new scarf as a father's day gift. The only thing I have to worry about is her birthday gift now.
Olga had always loved wearing bright clothing. One day Olga's pet bird died and she was very sad. She needed to find a way to express how this made her feel. Olga decided to wear black every day after that. Now Olga never wears bright clothing.
Tara had a problem finding a new job. She decided to rewrite her resume and highlight her accomplishments. She started getting responses back from her inquiries. She went on several interviews before getting a job. Tara truly appreciates her new job now.
Jackie's brother Josh played soccer for his collegiate team. Jackie and her whole family went to every game to cheer for Josh. Last weekend they took Josh out to dinner after the game. Josh brought his girlfriend along to meet the family. While they were at dinner Josh proposed to his girlfriend Lacy.
Mitch was planning his 50th birthday party. To make it special he decided to invite 50 of his friends. He went to the post office to buy 50 stamps. The post office worker asked about the purpose of the stamps. Mitch told him about the party and gave him the first invite.
Mike was to star in a broadway play on Saturday. He had the flu but planned on performing regardless. He was rehearsing prior to the show when he fainted. The ambulance had to take him to the hospital. The play has been rescheduled for next week.
Benji was taking a math exam. He found it very difficult! Sneakily, he tried to see his neighbor's answers. But his alert teacher caught him peeking! Benji was given a grade of zero on the exam.
I was recently promoted at my job. They promoted me to manager. I had the power to tell all of the employees what to do. Soon, the employees were not very fond of me. So I took them all out for a big scoop of ice cream.
I was oiling my son's baseball glove. He came down to the garage carrying his new bat. He noticed the signature of Babe Ruth on the handle. We went back up through the house towards the front yard. We passed the display case where that bat used to be.
Jim is driving home when he runs out of gas. Luckily Jim has a gas can in his car. He has to walk two miles to the gas station and back. He puts the gas into his car. Jim drives to the gas station and fills up.
Jen was always afraid of flying. She needed to fly to Japan for an important meeting. Jen took some Dramamine and boarded her plane. Jen dozed off shortly after the plane took off. Jen woke up when they had landed in Japan, safe and sound!
Donna was walking to work. But someone asked her to sign a petition. The person said she only had to sign one thing. But then she was hassled with more and more paperwork. Donna learned to avoid signing petitions on the street.
Amy used to have a crush on Ray. It was clear he wasn't into her. In the hall outside class he tried to get her attention. Amy pretended not to see him and looked at her phone. Amy felt nothing as she walked past him while he stood stunned
Conan was self-conscious about his scalp condition. He tried to manage the dandruffs the best he could. But no hair product ever worked for him. In the end he didn't dare wearing white anymore. So he shaved his head to resolve the problem.
Bobby spent the day in the woods. He had gone camping. Bobby hadn't brought insect block. Bobby got bit by lots of bugs. He itched the whole trip.
Jason loved to play with balls. He enjoyed tennis balls and soccer balls. One day, a ball hit him and he was injured. He went to the hospital to ensure nothing was broken. The doctor said he was good and Jason continued to play with balls.
Sally wanted to hang out with the cool kids. She sneaked out one night to meet them. When her parents found out, they grounded her for a week! A day later she heard the cool kids had been arrested for vandalism. She never disobeyed her parents again.
Emily wanted to cook the perfect dinner for her friends. She pulled out her favorite recipe book. She decided on poppyseed chicken. She followed the recipe. They loved it!
Linda loved to write her in diary. She pledged herself that she would write in her diary everyday. As Linda pulled her diary out of her drawer, she noticed it was open. Linda then realized that someone was reading her diary. She set a trap and found out her little sister was the culprit!
I took a quilting class. The teacher and other students were very conservative. They talked about politics all the time. I didn't agree with their beliefs. I stopped taking the class.
Rob had tried for years to get his band signed. One night, he heard an agent was at a local bar. He begged the manager to let him do an acoustic set. Just him and his guitar, Rob sang three songs. The agent signed him and Rob went on to be famous.
Erica was an avid gamer. Everyone told her that she played too many games. She ignored them and said nothing was wrong. Eventually Erica lost friends due to gaming. Erica began to realize that she had been playing too many games.
Tom was late for work. He hastily poured himself some cereal. Before noticing the smell he took a big bite. Tom immediately spat it back out in a fit of gross. The milk had been badly spoiled.
I was riding home with my father and didn't use my seat belt. I had a vision of a big truck and a voice that said don't bother. On the highway there was that big truck ready to run over us. My father saw I didn't have on my seat belt and pulled us to safety. The voice is what saved my life.
Andrea got caught sneaking out of the house. Her parents decided to take away her phone. They told her that she could have it back in a week. Andrea waited impatiently all week. Finally, she was able to get her phone back.
It was time for the family beach cookout. The Jackson family has been looking forward to this. They bought a huge assortment of seafood to grill. After everything was done, the family sat down at the table. They enjoyed their food together.
My kitchen floor was filthy. I got soap and water and a sponge. I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile. I got a towel and dried the floor. I put the cleaning materials away.
Lina wanted to enroll her child in an early education class. The school requires that the child knows how to write their name. Lina purchased a large note pad and began teaching her child. Lina helped her child practice writing daily. Her child learned to write their name and was accepted into the class.
I had a stroke in the fall of 2011. I got back on my feet in 2012. I took adaptive driving lessons to learn how to drive one handed. In 2012, at 60, I took the road test again. I passed, and was very happy.
Dharma received a packet of discount coupons in the mail. She was so excited to see a coupon for her favorite paper towels! She clipped the coupon so that she could use it the next day. However, that evening her husband came in with a huge pack of them. She gave the coupon to a friend, since she no longer needed it.
Sue loved oranges. She would eat them all the time. One day during the holidays she was given an orange made of chocolate. It was confusing at first to her. But she ended up liking orange flavored chocolate even more.
Jenny has never loved eating vegetables. She learns that many restaurants are serving kale in her hometown. Jenny decides to buy some kale and cook it at home. She decides that kale is bitter and disgusting. Jenny's encounter with kale has made her hate vegetables even more.
Ted wanted to play baseball with his friends. Nobody had a ball to play with. The friends gathered all the change they could find to buy a new ball. Ted hit the ball into the lake. The friends were without a ball again.
Megan was at a sleepover with friends. She didn't like one in particular. Susie was very mean to her. So Megan ignored her the whole time. Megan couldn't wait until dawn so she could leave.
I was browsing the World Wide Web. I found a site I liked. I looked through the site. I saw lots of kittens. I bookmarked the site for later.
I needed to catch some fish for food storage for winter. I went fishing everyday but caught nothing. It was getting closer and closer to winter. I decided to change bait to see if it worked. I finally caught a large amount of fish for the winter with the bait.
Alex and Sara were on a camping trip. One day, they went out looking for clovers. Sara tried, but couldn't find any four-leafed clovers. Alex looked under a tree and did find one. He gave it to Sara.
Miles really liked playing the trumpet. But when he moved in a small apartment, he was disturbing everyone. He'd take his trumpet in the park, but the ducks flew away. He finally had to go to a music school and rent a room. There he could play to his heart's content without disturbing anyone.
John's house has a large apple tree in the backyard. Every year, the tree bears hundreds of apples. John climbs the tree to pick the highest apple. A branch breaks and John falls to the ground, breaking an arm. John is remorseful about climbing the apple tree.
The investigation team searched the house for a gun. In the process, they found several pieces of evidence. One of the members picked up used drawers. There was several stains followed by tears. He placed it in a ziplock bag and took it with him.
Kevin entered a 5k race. He knew he was slow and out of shape. A few of the faster men made jokes about him being slow. Kevin paced himself the whole race. Due to the fast men tiring themselves out, Kevin finished before them.
At the wedding they played the chicken dance. Everyone stood in a circle and started dancing. I didn't know how it went, so Jimmy showed me. After I while I got the hang of it. When it ended we all laughed.
Charlie was driving to his friend's house in his new car. He was excited to show it off. At the light the car next to him revved his engine. Charlie knew it meant that he wanted to race. He declined and followed street laws like a responsible car owner.
Sue's high school football team made it to the championship game. Her dad took her and a friend to the game at the big NFL stadium. Her team was behind for most of the game. They scored with a minute left then won in overtime. Sue and her friend celebrated at Krispy Kreme after the game.
Jessica wore the same few outfits every day. She became bored with these clothes, and wanted more to choose from. Her friend showed her a clothes store which Jessica liked. Jessica bought an entire new wardrobe from the store. Jessica was happy to have new clothes and thanked her friend.
The mailman dropped off a box at Billy's home. The box was addressed to his roommate, Jeff. Billy tried to imagine what was inside the box. When Jeff got home he did not bother to open the box. Billy wondered why Jeff wasn't as excited about packages as he was.
Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people. His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher. Riley decided to try to follow their advice and become a teacher. He worked her hard to get certified as a teacher. When he finally became certified, Riley knew he was on the right path.
Jane was in her backyard cutting the grass. There was a bird perched on the window frame to her bedroom. The bird was pecking at the wood creating a hole. She shooed the bird to discover a large hole in the frame. She had to admit she had no idea how to fix this.
Allie needed a good grade. She needed it to move up a level. But when she got her test back she failed. She didn't know what to do. She broke down crying.
The other day I decided to buy a new xmas tree. I took my compact car to the mall. There I spent forever looking for one. I finally found the perfectly awesome choice. But it didn't fit when I went back to my car.
Genghis took out his knife. He cut a long thread of hair from off his horse. He posted it on a tall rock along the road. His girlfriend came by and saw the tuft of hair. She knew it belonged to Genghis' horse.
Vince and his wife went to the top of the empire state building. They walked over to the ledge and began to take pictures. Vince turned his back away from the ledge to look over the side. Just then, a man ran over to him and shoved him, almost killing him. Vince became angry and began to chase the man.
Karl wanted to write his wife a quick note. He found a pen on his desk. He tried to write with it but the ink was dried out. He scribbled over and over but it wouldn't work. Karl gave up and used a crayon instead.
Kim was obsessed with counting. So she counted everything she could see. She counted all of students in her class in a few seconds. So she became in charge of class attendance. Year's later, Kim became a great assistance teacher.
Emma went to the zoo today. She really liked the monkey exhibit. Emma decided she wanted a pet monkey. She looked for a monkey at the pet store but there did not have any. Emma knows that if she wants to see a monkey she has to go to the zoo.
Vivian played the violin. She had always dreamed of becoming part of a symphony. She found out about auditions for a local symphonic orchestra. She practiced hard and felt prepared. She was asked to join the symphony.
A firefighter was on duty. There was a house fire. So he got to work. He saw a child in need of help. So the firefighter went in bravely to save him.
Daisy wanted to be a cheerleader. But Daisy was a bit over weight. Daisy tried out for the cheer team anyway. Daisy tried her best to make the team. Daisy is now captain of the cheer team.
Tim invented a new dance. It was called the shake dance. He shook his hands and feet. His friend Jay was sad that he didn't know how to do it. Fortunately, Tim was nice enough to show him how.
Jason was in high school. Jason needed good grades to transfer to college. Jason worked for years to get good grades. Finally, Jason applied to colleges. Jason was accepted to his dream college.
Mary decided to make a scrapbook of her summer one year. Over the course of break she took photos. She put them in the scrapbook. She also decorated the pages. After break she decided she had done a good job.
I am such a big fan of old school hip hop! It pumps me up as soon as I hear it. I listen to it at work and at home. My friends try to get me to listen to new age hip hop. It just doesn't sound as good to me and they disagree.
Tammy was a teenager and wanted to have money to buy things. She offered to babysit for a family friend for ten bucks. Tammy had fun babysitting and was even tipped an extra two dollars. Tammy decided to offer her services to other people around town. Within a week Tammy had four families she would babysit for.
Jenny pulled forcefully on the kitchen window shade. It dangled limply in her hands, instead of rolling up as it should. Jenny yanked it much harder than she had before. The shade snapped loudly out of its holder. Jenny has a big bruise on her forehead from where it smacked her.
Kris invited his friend Lou to his house after school to play. The two boys decided to play a match of basketball. The match was getting tough. The boys seemed to be tied. In the end Kris won the match and was thrilled.
James had a huge fear of heights. He would not ever close to the edge of tall buildings. Once, he had a panic attack when using a glass elevator. They had to call the medic to help him calm down. Now, James uses the stairs every time.
Terence took his brothers boomerang and threw it as hard as he could. He was angry at his brother, and wanted his brother to chase it back. Terence laughed and turned around to walk away. As he did, something hit him in the back of the head. Terence didn't know that boomerang's returned to the thrower.
Karl planted a pear tree in his yard. It took about five years, but finally it grew fruit. He picked the first pear off of it. He took a bite and smiled. It was delicious!
Martin went to the movies. He wanted to see his favorite movie. He found out they had changed the movie last minute. He did not want to see a current movie. He went home.
The woman put on lipstick. He kissed the man on the cheek. The man had a mark on his cheek. His wife saw it. His wife was furious.
Matt had some pain medication that he used occasionally. He started noticing that he was running out faster than he expected. He thought someone might have been stealing them. When he confronted his roommate about this, she confessed immediately. She made up for it by paying the cost of the pills she had stolen.
The man was running. He ran a little bit too far into the street. A car was coming fast. The man in the car looked too late. The car hit the man running accidentally.
Slick Willie is a big black cat, named for his many lucky escapes. Yesterday he was on the roof when we had a sudden downpour. He leaped for the tree branch that was his usual method of descent. He missed! Fortunately, he landed in a large shrub and sauntered away unharmed.
John bought a new motorcycle. He wanted to impress his new girlfriend. He took her for a ride. He did not stop on the red light. Another motorcycle crashed into them.
I put a camera in the kitchen because of an ongoing problem. Every day, my belongings seemed to be moved on their own accord. The camera caught a small woman climbing out of the cabinet. When she was done eating and moving my things, she'd climb back in. I immediately called the cops, and waited for them, outside my house.
After his nap, Clyde couldn't find his teddy. He began to get upset, and looked everywhere. Hours later, he refused to go to bed without Teddy. His mother made him get in bed and he angrily kicked the covers off. Under the covers was teddy where he had been the whole time.
Lauren took her kids to the special kids function at the museum. They were given snacks and drinks. They learned about snakes. Each one left with a souvenir. The kids loved the museum.
Jim sat in the hot sun in his yard. He decided he wanted to go swimming but didn't have a pool. Jim went to the store and bought a pool. Jim went home and set up the pool. Soon Jim was relaxing in his own pool.
The Tolbert family loved to  barbecue on hot summer nights. One night they all were sitting around the table talking and eating. A brightly lit object appeared and hovered over them for five minutes. Because they were too scared, no one grabbed the camcorder. The next day they saw a news report on a local UFO sighting.
Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.
Touga, tall and handsome, was one of the most popular boys at school. Many adored him,but the one he pined after returned not his affection. Certain he was entitled to her love, her denial enraged him. Addled with anger,he stormed off on his motorcycle at dangerous speed. He lost control, careened over a cliff, and was never seen again.
A young handyman went to a client's house to replace a door. He was greeted at the door by a woman. She gave him a look that confused the young man. He worked on the door and kept thinking about that look. When he was finished he returned the look and they both began to smile
Linda saved for many months. Finally, she had a down payment. She went to the dealership and bought a shiny new car. She drove it all around town that night. She was so proud of the new wheels!
On January 10, 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven. I put a sticky trap under the oven. That night I heard a squeal. I went to kill the mouse, but it had escaped. I bought new traps but I never got the mouse.
Rick applied for a credit card and was approved for $500. He was so naive that he went and spent all of the money that he got. John didn't realize that he had to pay that money back someday. He was surprised when collections called him asking for the money. Rick had to get another job to pay for his mistakes.
Jan was working at an office. The drive to the office was almost an hour long. Jan was tired of the drive. She started looking for a new job. Jan got a job closer to her house.
Last summer was incredibly hot. My friend Dalton spent almost the whole summer in his house. There was one day where he spent all day at my house though. It was the day that his air conditioner broke. I sort of wish his air conditioner had broken more often.
Tim hated Mondays. On Monday morning he spilled coffee on his shirt. Tim had to change clothes. He ended up being late for work. His boss yelled at him.
The boy saw a crab. He chased after it. The crab scurried away. The boy almost got it. The crab swam into the ocean.
Niles escaped from prison. He used devious methods to slip away. But he didn't count on tracker dogs! The guards set dogs on his scent. Within hours, Niles was caught and jailed - again.
Kara invited her friends over for dinner. She did not know what to make. What could she cook that everyone would like? Then she thought of a solution. She ordered pizza and everyone loved it!
I went on vacation to Italy. I decided to install a security camera to monitor the house. While I was in rome, I got a phone notification. The camera had detected a person in my house. I called the police station and they arrested the man in my house!
Jane always lost pens at the office. It really frustrated her . She started getting really silly pens on purpose. They would be easier to spot if stolen. Jane stopped losing as many pens since then.
Jay had loud neighbors. He woke up to the noise of them using a power saw. He decided to order ear muffs. They blocked the noise. But they were too bulky to sleep in.
Brown-haired Ellen dreamed of being a blonde. She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde. Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work. When Ellen rinsed out the dye, her hair was darker than before. Then, Ellen realized she needed to bleach her hair first.
Jessie and Dana were watching TV until she started feeling different. Dana went to the bathroom and started feeling pain. She then discovers her water broke. Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital. Later that night, Dana delivers a healthy baby boy.
Larry saw a rat one night. He wanted to get rid of it but not kill it. He bought a humane trap at the store. One night he heard it go off. It caught the rat and Larry set it free outside.
Jacob was flying his toy plane when it went over a hill. He followed the plane, and discovered something amazing. A large fighter plane had crashed there. Jacob jumped in the cockpit and pretended to be a pilot. After a couple hours, he ran along home.
Today is our school's talent show. I've prepared a dance for everyone. I am so excited for everyone to watch the show. I will twirl around the stage. My parents were so proud of me.
Nathan moved to the US. He was a refugee from Syria. He had a lot to learn about his new country. He tried new foods and learned English. Nathan was happy to be in America.
Sam was excited to get his car washed. He had a big date on Thursday to get ready for. He went into the automatic machine. Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy. He had forgotten to close the window in all the excitement.
Kevin was playing outside on his skateboard. He tried to do a trick and fell very hard on his head. He had to go to the hospital for stitches. The doctor told him he was very lucky and to take it easy. Kevin was back on his skateboard the next day.
Janet always wanted to be an EMT. She was excited to start working with a team of professionals. She enjoyed helping the people and making them feel more comfortable. One day she witnessed something that she could never forget. She decided she could not live with the memories and quit her job.
Grandpa Rick had three grandchildren. They liked to listen to their grandpa's stories. Rick told his grandchildren a scary story. His grandchildren couldn't sleep for 3 days. Rick's daughter forbade Rick from telling any more stories.
Ike often liked to take walks alone. During one walk, he heard a cry come from the inside of an alley. Ike went to investigate and saw a small cat. He gave it some dried fish and pet it as it purred. Now, sometimes on his walks, the cat follows Ike around.
The kids were hungry. They decided to walk to the gas station to get a candy bar. They took a long walk up to the gas station. They were closed! The kids walked home empty handed.
Dori met a man online named James. Dori lived in Michigan and James lived in North Carolina. However the distance didn't stop them from falling in love! One day James drove to Michigan so he could meet Dori in person. When he arrived at Dori's house he immediately embraced her.
Cindy loved shopping supplies at the beginning of the school year. It was fun to pick cute folders and colorful notebooks. This year she needed to buy a binder as well. There were so many to chose from. She finally picked one with colorful flowers on it.
My wife went to a Red Sox game on Monday. She was recorded on tv near the end of the game. I took a video and gave it to her. She shared it with her friends at work. They were thrilled.
I loved to sing. Alas, I was not a good singer. I decided to take lessons to improve my voice. Alas, the lessons did not help. I decided that singing was not the hobby for me.
Mason had finally decided to be a soldier for Halloween. He was proud of all the candy he got. An older couple answered at one of the last houses they had gone to. They praised him for being such a cute little soldier. Along with candy they put a small copy of the Constitution in his bag.
Caleb was driving home from work one day when a car hit him in back. He suffered multiple injuries and required surgery. The other driver's insurance company was being stubborn. They were reluctant to pay for all the medical bills. It took four years before Caleb received any money in the case.
The huge church down the road is less than a mile away. It's called a megachurch, and seats thousands. I tried going there one sunday morning out of curiosity. I felt very constricted and overwhelmed by all the people. I decided I would never try that again.
When my husband and I decided to move to Florida, we sold everything. We came here with nothing but a blow up mattress to sleep on. After finally settling in, we bought a Christmas tree for our home. We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells. This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home!
Ben's grandma gave him a Christmas gift. He unwrapped the gift. The gift was an ugly sweater. Ben was disappointed. He gave it to his dog to use as a blanket.
Shelly called in an order for pizza. She started straightening up her house while she waited. Shelly picked out a new show to stream. About that time her doorbell rang. It was her pizza.
Jane always liked the big oak tree in the backyard. Today she decided to decorate it with a ribbon. She went around the tree several times with the red ribbon. Once she was done, she tied the ends into a bow. Jane sat back and admired her work.
Today my husband went for a run. When he got back he said his hip hurt. When we got home from work in the evening he said his shoulders hurt. He asked for a backrub and seemed sad. I guess this is part of getting older.
My niece is a college sophomore. She is thin and very attractive. I noticed two of her closest friends are lesbians. Both have posted almost romantic notes on FB. I am not concerned, as she is an adult.
Roberta drove a thousand miles a week for work. She had bought a new car a year ago. The car had many miles on it because of her work demands. She wanted to get a new car but her trade in value was low. Roberta had to keep the car she already had.
I have been straightening my hair for about seven Years now. After all these Years it has been taking its toll on me. My hair has become so damaged and breaking off. Thankfully I bought a new conditioner to help. It has been working wonders.
Josh loved doing skateboard tricks to grab people's attention. But his tricks became more and more dangerous. While at a skate park, he announced he would do a backflip off a ramp. And a large scene gathered around him. But Josh ended up in the hospital.
My teacher assigned us 10 pages to read for homework. She said we may have a quiz the next day. By the time I got out of class, I had already forgotten about it. When I got home, I did all my homework except my reading. Luckily, my teacher did not give a quiz.
Electric City Record Company hired Charles as an intern. Three days a week Charles would promote artists to the media by phone. One day Charles was hungry and called in sick to his internship. His boss complained and told him he needed to make a good impression. Charles lashed out, all that money and you can't pay me nothing?
Mark was so excited when he was accepted college. He moved into the dorms and signed up for his classes. Mark quickly realized that he had taken too many classes. Mark made the hard decision and dropped a couple classes. Four years later Mark graduated with honors and was very proud.
Kia's baby kitten escaped her room one day. She was terrified that the family dog would find it and kill it. When she finally found it, she was shocked. The dog had found the kitten, sure enough, but hadn't killed it. Instead, the two were cuddled up happily together!
Maya was at the lake with family. They were at a dock fueling up one day. She wanted to walk to the general store on the dock. The board was too hot for her feet. She managed to walk only in shadows and stay cool.
James was getting ready for Halloween night. He was excited to collect a bunch of candy. He got his mask and costume on in a rush and headed out the door. At his first stop a skeleton popped out of the grass and grabbed him. He was so scared he ran home and stayed inside.
I arrived to the dentist's office. After filling out several papers, I received a cleaning. The dentist told me that I had several cavities. Although I was in shock, I wanted to find a way to fix my teeth. The dentist offered some advice to me.
Nick was driving to his home when he saw a kitten on the road. He stopped the car so he wouldn't hit the kitten. Nick decided to pick the kitten up. He brought the kitten to his home. The kitten is now Nick's new pet.
Todd took his little brother fishing for the weekend. Upon arriving, he set up chairs and a cooler to relax. His brother started nodding off, so Todd let him sleep. After a few minutes, Todd's pole began to spring and wiggle. Todd, yelling with excitement woke his brother up and caught a fish.
The parents got a babysitter. They went on a date. The date was going well. They called the babysitter. The babysitter agreed to keep watching the kids.
My parents wanted me to watch an important documentary. I sat down and begin to watch. I had no idea what is going on in the documentary. I begin to snooze off. My parents made me watch the documentary all over again.
Tameka wanted to breakup with Charlie. But she didn't know how to tell him. Therefore, she went to his house and told him it was over. Charlie was shocked and scoffed over Tameka's rudeness. Charlie to her to leave and couldn't believe what she just did.
Lon loved sports. Going to football games was his favorite thing to do. He went to a football game between two local colleges. The rivalry was extremely intense. Lon knew it would be a great game.
I had to take the subway to the city. I usually drive when I need to go to the city. This day there was too much traffic. I figured I could get there quicker with the subway. It was an easy ride.
Sam went to Petco SHe wanted to buy a kitten She saw a couple that she liked. She then saw one just staring at her intensely She had to buy that one.
Tim was at the store. He lost track of time and was looking around for hours. On the way out he was stopped by security. They thought he had been stealing. Tim showed them easily that he hadn't stolen anything.
Deb loved to eat tuna salad. She bought all the ingredients so she could make it for lunch. Deb began to boil her eggs on high temperature. While they were boiling she went to shower. When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen.
I went jet skiing with my cousin. He took me to a place where there were no houses. It was a secret beach. There was a rope swing too. It was a nice hideout.
Julie and Pat were best friends in school. After school they moved to different places to go to college. They completely forgot each other with the passage of time. After several years, they met each other by chance in Detroit. They instantly fell in love with each other and lived happily forever.
Allie wanted to go on a camping trip. So she got her friends together to go. But when they got there she got scared. They saw a wolf. Allie then wanted to go home.
Steve took his children to a livestock auction. They bought five young calves for their farm. The children named all of the calves before they got home. The calves took to Steve's nurse cow right away. Every morning that summer the kids checked on their new calves.
My cousin introduced me to this dating application. I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female. I asked her out on a date and she accepted. When we met each other in person, we enjoyed each other's company. We also exchanged numbers before leaving.
Jimmy graduated high school, but his grades weren't great. He applied to his favorite university. A few months later, he got a rejection letter in the mail. Upset, Jimmy decided to go straight to work. Jimmy made good money and was secretly glad he got rejected.
Teagan got caught in afternoon traffic. She tries hard to avoid it every day. Teagan is getting very irritated waiting. She honked at the car in front of her. The driver threw his slushie at her window.
Mike dreamed of traveling to his parents country of Mexico. He wanted to one day live there. He knew he would have to learn the language. He enrolled in a language course to learn spanish. Mike is now fluent in Spanish.
Donald watched a lot of TV the other day. His favorite shows to watch were not on though. Instead tommy had to watch shows he didn't like. After watching those shows a lot, Tommy grew to like them. Now they are his new favorite shows.
The man planted a tree. The tree grew to be very tall. One day their was a big storm. A branch fell from the tree. It broke a window of the man's house.
I'm on a vacation with my family enjoying the streets of Paris. Except everywhere we go, it smells like poop. Finally, I jokingly ask my sister if she pooped her pants. I'm not sure what's worse, the fact that I asked or that she said yes. She then proceeded not to do anything to fix it.
There was a new phone coming out. It was exactly like my old phone. Except it had an extra camera. I paid 2,000 dollars for it. I had to sell the phone a week later after going broke.
Joxer's owner was moving. She needed to find a new home for him. She looked online. She found a man that wanted to adopt a cat. She took Joxer to his happy new home.
Hermione was walking down the street at night. She went to cross the street. The car turned. Hermione ran to avoid the car. She thankfully came away unscathed.
Carl's apple was sitting on the table. Carl was planning to eat it for a snack. When he went to eat it, it was gone! Only a few feathers remained in its place. Outside the open window, a happy bird enjoyed a snack.
Ashley has suffered from depression most of her life. She recently decided to seek treatment from a mental health facility. Her doctor prescribed her an anti-depressant. Since taking the drug she's felt much better. Now she can stand to be around people again without being angry.
Mark is dreading the day of his lunch meeting with his boss. Mark goes over in his mind how everything could go wrong. The day comes and Mark heads to lunch with his boss. Mark is served a cold lunch and cannot properly get his points across. Mark had an awful lunch with his boss.
Jenny hated getting shots. When her mom told her she was going to get a flu shot she hid. Her mom found her in the closet. She took her to the clinic for her shot. Jenny felt a pinch and then it was all over.
Lucy had a crush on a guy at Blockbuster. She was certain he liked her too. When she inquired about his age he told her he was 16. Lucy was 11, but she told him she was 13. Lucy knew he didn't believe her when he walked away shaking his head.
A man invented the world's best water pistol. He attached it to a hose and shot at targets. The water so so strong it tore through the paper targets. The man laughed as he destroyed the targets. When he was out of targets he shut off the hose.
Julianna had just had her first baby. Everyone was eager to see if he would have red hair like her. She brought the baby home and everyone looked. They were delighted to see little red curls on him. They had a big party to celebrate the new boy.
Orlando dreamed of being a pirate one day. He liked to imagine sailing on the ocean and brandishing a sword. Bob laughed when Orlando told him his dream. He said that wanting to be a pirate is unrealistic and silly. Orlando felt embarrassed.
Jake got the ingredients out of the Pantry. He began chopping up several vegetables. In addition, he threw a few onions on the pan. Since the heat was on high, the oil flew from the pan. It landed on Jake's face.
The woman was restless. She decided a vacation would help her close out the summer. She booked a quick trip to the beach. Relaxing in the sand helped her calm her mind. Soon, she was ready to tackle a busy fall!
Jean was at a flea market. She was looking a tea cup. A worker bumped into Jean. Jean dropped the tea cup and broke it. The worker told Jean not to worry because it wasn't her fault.
John was eating lunch with friends. He dropped a bunch of sauce on his pants. John thought he cleaned it out well. Unfortunately the stain was still really obvious. John eventually went home to change.
Lily was scared to take a shortcut. She was late getting home so she decided to run. She ended up running through a shady neighborhood. Lily was so scared of what would happen in the alley. Before she knew it, she was already on the other side of the alley.
Kate loved helping people, and she wanted to travel. But her family was poor and she knew she wouldn't be able to travel. Then she thought of a way to help others and still see exotic places. She enlisted in a charity club to build homes in developing countries. Kate got to see foreign places - and do wonderful things for humanity!
Mary woke up and picked out a dress to wear. When she put the dress on it was too tight. Mary decided to lose weight. She started eating healthy and exercising. Mary was able to fit the dress three weeks later.
Kim lived with two roommates. She felt like she was the only one that cleaned. She spent two weeks ignoring the kitchen. She didn't use it or clean it either. By the end of the two weeks it was a disaster.
Erin's cat was about to have kittens. Erin was very excited. She kept track of her cat's every move. When Erin got home from school on Friday, she checked on her cat. She found her with 5 very tiny kittens snuggled up to her.
Carey walked her dog in the dog park every day. Seeing all the dogs there gave her an idea. She decided to start a dog walking business. She put up fliers and knocked on doors of dog owners. Now Carey walks 9 dogs in the dog park every day.
If Susie got good grades her parents would get her a bird. So Susie did all the homework assignments right. She also studied for all the test. Finally Susie received her grades and she showed them to her parents. Her parents got her a nice bird.
Tom wanted to treat his parents to dinner at his house last night. He was nervous because he does not have a lot of cooking experience. After he put dinner in the oven, a phone call distracted him. By the time Tom was off the phone, dinner had been burnt. His family refused to eat the burnt dinner and got take-out instead.
My wife and I just had a baby and we both work full time. We thought we had enough money for daycare but we don't. I asked my mother who loves ten minutes away if she could babysit. She agreed to watch our kid everyday while we're at work. I am so thankful for a generous mother!
Jen went out with her friends. She ended up spending money for food, parties and clothes. Although she didn't keep track of her spending, she went to the bank. The front desk worker handed several bank statements to her. She found out that she has a negative balance.
I used to watch football because I liked it. Then I joined a fantasy football league. Now I watch football because I want to win. I literally catch myself hoping certain players will get hurt. Fantasy football has kind of ruined football for me.
A wire from his braces was poking Michael's mouth. It hurt his mouth quite a bit. He put some wax on the wire. The wax felt good against his mouth. Michael's mouth felt better.
The binky was a sweet pink color. It was adorned with tiny shiny crystals. The woman picked it up for her granddaughter. She rushed it over right away. The little girl squealed with excitement over the pretty binky.
Laurie noticed that many fallen leaves were on her property. She decided to take them one day. Laurie was tired when the finally finished. She felt proud that her property looked so good. Laurie was glad she had raked all the leaves.
Randy was a father for many boys. The boys would often call him and ask for help. Randy would just turn up his nose at his boys. One of his boy's Justin called him for help with food. Randy denied his son and hung up the phone on him.
I wanted to buy a music player for my brother. I went to the store, but all the devices were too expensive for me. After that, I went online to find one. I found one that was refurbished and much cheaper. I was able to get him a present that I could afford.
Jackson loved making funny videos. One day, he drew faces on each of his fingers. He had them dance to a popular song. When he uploaded the video, he titled it The Jackson Five. He hoped that his viewers would appreciate the pun.
Hannah was working abroad in England for the fall and winter. She decided to cook a Thanksgiving meal for her host family. Hannah slaved away in the kitchen for the entire day. Come meal time, the host family agreed that the food was delicious. The host family happily decided that Thanksgiving was a wonderful day.
Andrew wanted to plant an apple tree. He decided to go to the local nursery to find a young tree. Once he picked out the tree, he headed home to plant it. After digging the hole, Andrew planted the tree. Andrew was glad to see the tree growing in his backyard.
A flock of pigeons were flying in one direction. They landed on top of an electrical wire. A human was walking around. They tried to move the wire to get through. The birds quickly flew away.
Coy was building a robot for the science club at school. Coy brought the robot to school. The club improved on Coy's design. They were able to teach the robot simple commands. One of the science teachers demonstrated the robot in class.
Kai liked to travel. He jumped in his RV and hit the road. He wanted to see all the national parks. He traveled to ten of them that summer. Kai loved spending time in nature.
Alice was caught in the rain as she walked into work. She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time. She quickly walked through the muddy grass. Her shoes were very dirty. Alice was not happy with her choice to go through the grass.
Jack wanted to explore a deep cave since he was little. Collecting the supplies for it was the easy part, other than rope. There was so many choices, he didn't know which to choose. So he did research and found the highest quality rope he could. Thankfully he did so, otherwise he would have had a much harder time.
Jerry was going to visit his grandfather in Ohio This summer. He was nervous because this time he was catching the bus alone. The night before he couldn't sleep worried he would get lost. On the way to the bus station his mom told him not to worry. Jerry started to feel excited for his  new adventure.
Melanie wanted to grow fruit for her family. She tried to plant berry bushes, but long vines strangled them! She tried growing an apple tree, but the vibes covered that too. Then, in the fall, the vibes began to droop with round orbs. Melanie had grown hundreds of grapes for her family!
Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning. When she wakes up, she realizes she forgot to set her alarm! With ten minutes to spare, she skips breakfast and runs to school. She arrives just on time and aces the test. From then on, Elizabeth made sure to always set her alarm.
Mary is having a tennis match with Karen. Karen serves a fast ball and Mary misses the return. Mary yells at the umpire in frustration. The umpire takes offense and penalizes Mary. Mary is remorseful about her actions, but is still penalized.
Kelly liked the boy that sat next to her in class. She decided to ask him out one day. He told her that he wasn't interested, but he was just shy. After a week he told Kelly the truth and they went out. Kelly and the boy are now dating and they are both happy.
My daughter's friend's mom is unmarried. I used to bump into her with a male date. A year ago, she began posting photos of herself and a woman, drinking. Lately the posts featured hotels and overnight stays. My daughter is convinced the woman is now a lesbian.
Charles was about twenty years older than the kids on the court. But he knew moves with a basketball they couldn't imagine. During a game this summer the score was tied. Charles had the ball and his team needed one basket to win. Charles pretended to be nervous and then sunk a jump shot!
My friend had to re home his rats. He asked me if I would adopt them. I went to pick them up at his house. I named them Penny and Lucy. They have been a great addition to our family.
My dad bought some nonalcoholic beer. Since it didn't have alcohol, I asked him if I could try it. He told me I wouldn't like it. I tried it, and made a terrible face. He laughed and kept pushing me on the swing.
Patty worked at the apartment building. The landlord told her to evict the people in 2C. Patty nervously told them they had to leave. They screamed at her. Patty ran back to the office to call the police.
Brady was always cracking her knuckles. Her partner told her that it was bad for her joints. Brady researched this claim and found it was false. Her partner admitted that he just found the sound annoying. Brady stopped doing it, as a courtesy.
Sandra drank a lot of water. Her parents told her to use the restroom before the road trip. She didn't listen. An hour into the drive, Sandra had to go really bad. When the car reached a gas station, she rushed to the restroom.
Tom loved the place called Medieval Times. Tom went there with his family one day. Tom enjoyed the great meal. Tom enjoyed the excellent show. Tom always has a fun time at Medieval Times.
Molly likes to enjoy entire seasons of shows in one sitting. She streamed the entirety of Daredevil on Netflix last night. After she was done, she slept for about 10 hours straight. With her sleeping schedule ruined, she needed to get back on track. She decided to stay up the next day as a result.
Leah feels very strongly about helping the environment. She decides to research how she can best help. She discovers a volunteer organization specializing in the environment. Leah participates in several park cleanups. Leah is proud of herself for being able to help the environment.
My favorite movie was on tv. I have not watched it in a while. I cooked some popcorn to have while I watched it. I made sure I was home alone. It was so relaxing to just sit and watch.
Richard was scared of dogs. He thinks every dog will bite him. He visited his friends house one day. His friend introduced him to his pet dog chihuahua. Richard almost fainted.
I wanted to travel. I decided to go to Tanzania. I stayed near Lake Victoria. I realized what a beautiful place it was. I decided to retire there.
The man browsed the internet. He visited an unsafe site. He got a computer virus. He could not get rid of it. He threw out the computer.
Bertha was striving towards getting her license to drive. Bertha studied the driving manual very hard. When getting to the DMV it was crowded people everywhere. Bertha took her number and sat down until called up. The test was taken and bertha passed and got her license.
Alex was trying to earn money for a foreign trip. He set up a lemonade stand out front his house. He put up a sign letting everyone know he was in business. A cop stopped by and asked to see his vendor permit. Alex took down his stand and slumped back into his house.
I decided to make cookies and found a recipe. I prepared the ingredients in the kitchen. I put the cookie dough on a sheet in the oven. After a while, I noticed an odd smell. I ran to the kitchen to see that my cookies had burned.
I was never a fan of yogurt. Today I had a Greek yogurt. The yogurt was creamy and mixed with fruit. I finished it easily. I might eat more yogurt in the future.
John, a teen, felt uneasy about his family moving to a new town. John unpacked in his new house along with his parents. John took a walk around the neighborhood, exploring. He met a couple kids along the way. Now they are fast friends, making John feel more at home.
Egypt Nile was an outside cat who loved to explore. She felt like she owned the neighborhood. One day, Egypt saw a huge bird and saw it as prey. After stalking it, the bird flew in and tried to grab her! She ran away, escaped the bird and stayed in for a few days.
I was a homosexual. I liked a man in my college class. I wasn't sure if he liked me. Nevertheless, I decided to ask him out. He agreed to a date!
I was at the local bowling alley with friends last weekend. The places had some pool tables. A friend challenged me to a game. Winner buys the loser a beer. I enjoyed my free beer.
Portia never kissed a man before she kissed George. It wasn't very pleasant but she couldn't compare it. So to have a better idea, she kissed Frank. Frank kissed so much better than George, Portia dated him instead. And George found himself without a date or kisses.
My friend asked me if I had a drink. I offered my last bottle of water to him. He said that he's going to take a small sip. However, he ends up drinking half of the bottle. Therefore, I cold him to keep the rest.
Tom asked his sister what her husband might like for his birthday. She told him that he just loved Alabama. Tom found this a bit odd but nonetheless, bought him an Alabama cd. The gifts were opened and Tom noticed they were all Roll Tide themed. Tom realized he bought the wrong gift all too late.
Dan cut class yesterday. He was given detention. He went to detention after school. He had to do work for 2 hours. He vowed to never cut again.
I was playing Legos with my nieces the other day. One of them all of a sudden stood up. She screamed like Godzilla and started stomping everything we built. She then started laughing hysterically. I wanted to lecture her but it was too funny.
Maurice watched the clown bump his way through the crowd. He'd always found clowns to be very scary. This one seemed to be funny, as well as slightly drunk. The clown elbowed Maurice as he went by. Minutes later, Maurice realized the clown had stolen his phone.
Kimmy wanted to make cookies. She put all the needed ingredients on the table. She dropped an egg when mixing the batter. She got another one out of the refrigerator. The cookies turned out delicious.
One Saturday spring morning, I loaded up to play golf with the guys. When I got to the course, I was surprised to see an ambulance there. One of my friends was lying on the ground with a blanket covering him. The paramedics loaded my friend into the ambulance, taking him away. When I visited him at the hospital, the nurse said he will be okay.
Sam and his family went to the local town fair one Saturday. It was hot and humid but they tried to have fun anyway. Sam went on a few rides and played a few games. Suddenly it became very dark and the humidity broke. Sam and his family ran to the car getting soaked by the rain.
Lori was sick with a cold. She wanted to feel better and warm up. So she decided to make some hot chicken noodle soup. It fell when she went to grab it from the stove. Now she's burned and has a cold too.
Jerry had been boating with his friends all day. Just before evening he and his boat went missing. His friends called authorities to help them search. They grew more and more worried as time passed. Suddenly they found him shipwrecked on a small island.
Brian went on a date with a woman from school. They enjoyed themselves as they talked the night away. Brian and the woman went on several dates after that. They both discovered they were not a match. Brian became life long friends with the woman though.
The couple went to counseling. The counselor was not very helpful. The couple were more careful picking the next counselor. The next counselor was a better fit. The couple resolved their issues together.
Kelly's cat was expecting kittens. She was very excited. She immediately jumped for joy. When her cat delivered, Kelly got all these kittens. She decided to give them away.
Cayla has a very playful cat. She likes to pick her up and put their faces together. One day the cat got too wild and scratched Cayla on her face. The cuts were deep and bled a lot. Cayla now has a few scars from the cat scratches.
Bella loved exploring the wooded acres behind her family's farm. One day, she came upon a little cottage in the woods. It was clearly abandoned. Over time, she decorated it and filled it with her special things. It became the most special place in the world to her.
Tammy was writing a new song. It was about her relationship. She needed more inspiration. She took a walk. She finished the song.
Jim always liked playing football. He decided to try out for his school's tackle football team. He signed up and practiced for weeks. On the day of the tryouts, Jim performed great. He was very proud to make the team as a starter.
Davis always loved model train sets. He decided to set up a model train set in his basement. He asked his son to join him in the effort. They spent weeks putting it together in intricate detail. They were both very proud when the elaborate set-up was all done.
Chelsea's mom had planned the party for months. All of the family was invited. The ceremony was beautiful. They all gathered to celebrate in the backyard. All the planning had been a success!
Tom wanted to go to a certain restaurant for his birthday. But he believed the food their was too expensive. So he reluctantly decided to go to a cheaper restaurant. And in the end, he was very disappointed. Tom decided next time he would go where he wanted.
Ellen was visiting a farm when she noticed something wrong. One of the goats was laying down and whimpering badly. Ellen told the farmer, who reassured her. He said the goat was not sick - it was birthing! Ellen went back to look, amazed, as the goat birthed an adorable baby!
Dean was walking to the subway late at night. Suddenly, a man with a middle eastern accent ran at him. The man pulled a knife and said he would harm Dean. Dean ran for his life, until he couldn't see the man anymore. After escaping the man, Dean decided to avoid subways from then on.
Joe was running late for school. He didn't have time to cook himself a proper breakfast. He hurriedly cast about for a portable meal. Then his eye landed on the fruit bowl. Joe had a tasty, healthy breakfast of apples and bananas!
Lorna started dating a cop. He was very nice. They dated for several months. He got a job offer out of town. He asked her to go with and she said no.
The stripes were fading to black and pale blue. She ran her fingers over them gently. The beating seemed so long ago. She didn't know how much longer she would last. She cried herself to sleep in misery.
The rainstorm destroyed Sandy's orange tree. Her mom took her to the supermarket to buy orange seeds. She immediately planted the seeds in the backyard. Within 2-3 months, a small tree grew. It sprouted several fresh oranges.
Alexa was thrilled to go for a boat ride. Her friend Gretchen had invited her. Alexa had never been boating before. They sped around the lake and enjoyed the sunshine. It was a great day on the water!
When Stan got to work he realized that he forgot to wear a belt. His pants were noticeably lower than they should be. Stan went to the supply closet and got a roll of twine. He tied the twine around his waist to act like a belt. Stan felt low class but he was glad that his pants were up.
Tom works as a barista at a local coffee shop. Everyday the same girl comes in and orders the same thing. Tom looks forward to her coming in regularly. Today she came in half an hour early and ordered two cups. She motioned to table, and asked if he'd like to have coffee with her.
Gina's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston. The kids all laughed at her. Until she made them also try the dance. Gina was embarrassed until everyone began to dance. She began to enjoy herself dancing with the class.
Oliver was playing in the kitchen with his brother. They decided to pretend that they were chefs. Oliver started building a sandwich with tons of nasty ingredients. He dared his little brother to eat the weird sandwich. His brother did, and Oliver gave him some candy as a prize!
Ted was building a bed. It was hard. He decided not to read the instructions. After an hour, he had barely done anything. He then read the instructions and the rest was easy.
Frombo Strongberg liked to fight. Every day of every week he trained in combat. One day, he lost a fight. This only encouraged Frombo to train harder and harder. It paid off when he was declared World Champion at fighting.
Ted was at a Chinese buffet. And he spent half an hour trying to decide what to eat. He became very anxious and put tons of different food on his plate. And he felt obligated to quickly finish it all. Ted went to a therapist later to get help with his anxiety.
Sarah decided she needed a new roof for her house. She had it installed one day. She was very happy with it. It lasted her for years. Sarah was forever glad she didn't wait any longer.
Victor worked for a big plastic bag manufacturing company. Victor learned everything he needed to know about the business. Eventually he quit his job and opened his own manufacturing company. He knew exactly how he could run his company more efficiently. Now Victor has the #1 plastic bag manufacturing company in America.
Trina and her husband sat under a TV and watched netflix. Trina made a comment that an actress had nice legs. Her husband walked out on the movie and didn't come back. Later, Trina asked him was everything OK? He asked her was she a lesbian, because she always compliments women.
Paul's mom sent him to the store. She demanded he come home with the brown eggs. Paul had read online there was exactly no difference at all. Because he couldn't find brown ones he bought white ones instead. Paul smeared mud on them to make their shells brown.
Patty and Norman were about to take their first cruise vacation. Neither of them had been on a cruise ship before. It was a four day, three night cruise to Cancun, Mexico. Unfortunately, Patty was horribly seasick the entire time. She was never so glad to return home from a vacation.
There was five seconds left to shoot a game-winner. Jack had the ball in his hands. As soon as he was about to shoot, the ref blew his whistle. He said that there is a turn over. The coach called an offensive foul made by my teammate.
Karin's mom was too sick to make dinner, or even get out of bed. She decided to make dinner herself, for the first time. She very carefully boiled water, and cooked spaghetti noodles. She warmed up spaghetti sauce, and toasted some pieces of bread. Her mother was so grateful, she gave Karin a big hug.
Billy is proud that he is finished with a year of college. He packs up his dorm room preparing to go home. However, he when he finishes packing it is almost midnight. Nevertheless, he drives through the night to return home. When he arrives home, his parents are just waking up.
James loved baseball and wanted to play for a local team. He practiced every day to become better. He went to the tryout for the team and played his best. The coach was very impressed with James. James is now one of the stars of the team.
Jessie was about to go on a cruise with her husband. They were at the hotel near the dock the night before the cruise. Overnight, a huge storm rolled in. The storm was so bad that the cruise had to be cancelled. Jessie got her money back and they went camping instead.
James wanted to be a weatherman when he grew up. Every night he pretended to do a weather forecast for his parents. His mother encouraged him. His father rolled his eyes and told James to stop being a girl. Eventually, James stopped his weather forecasts.
Renault stopped purchasing metal. The metal market in their country become worse. Traders felt eager to sell their shares. A panic fell over some people. The situation improved from there.
Anna hadn't ridden a bike since childhood. That was 20 years ago! But when a friend invited her for a bike ride, she accepted. At first she was very wobbly. But soon she got the hang of it again!
They were all standing on the banks of the river. TJ and his friends had been planning this trip for months. They got into their canoes and began paddling. They paddled many miles down the river having a great time. After the trip was over they all agreed how much fun it was.
Kia was sick of commercials. So she called her cable company. They installed a DVR box in her home. Now Kia could record shows and skip the commercials. She was very happy with the DVR box!
Lucy sat at the dinner table with her grandparents. She kept staring out the window at her pet watermelon Mel. When she finished she headed toward the door. Grandma insisted she go to bed instead. With a heavy heart Lucy turned to go to bed.
Lucy wanted to slim down. She was not a fan of diets. Lucy decided to try something new and make a lifestyle change. She decided to only eat things that are grown from the earth. After two months Lucy was satisfied with her body image.
The police radio called for the apprehension of a man in a blue hat. Officer Jones saw such a man walk past him. He followed the man to his car. The officer stopped the man and asked him about his hat. The man punched the officer and ran off.
Last week I went to Chinatown with my friend. We went to an authentic Chinese restaurant. I was afraid because I was used to American versions. However when I tried the food it was quite good. I recommended it to all my friends
Pam was walking down the road late at night when she heard a noise. The sound was a burglar alarm from the jewelry store up the road. Suddenly she saw a robber running towards her with diamonds. Pam bravely hid until the robber appeared and then punched him. The robber was hurt and could not run, and the police arrested him.
Sam is terrified of flying. He closes his eyes tightly as the plane lifts off the tarmac. His hands clench the armrests throughout the entire flight. He lets out a deep sigh as the plane touches down safely. Sam has conquered his fear once again.
I ran a race yesterday. I came in first place. I was very happy. It was a close race but I edged it out. I won gold.
Mary had an online jewelry store that sold many different things. She wanted to make something new and exciting. After a lot of brainstorming she came up with a great idea. Her idea was to paint glass stones with nail polish and make pendants. After making many different kinds she sold a lot of necklaces.
Chris was craving a hamburger. He didn't have buns, so he used a bagel. Chris didn't have beef, so he used balogna. Chris was also missing lettuce and tomatoes. Chris threw away the bologna and ate the bagel.
Jess was doing laundry when she felt something in a pocket. It was a girl's lipstick in her boyfriend's jeans. When she confronted him, he admitted to cheating. Jess was so heart broken she didn't know what to do. Luckily she felt better within a few weeks of breaking up.
Tobias had a competitor who was successful. Tobias caught wind of a storm. He did not tell his competitor about the storm. So his competitor went out to sea. And as a result lost his ship.
Mike has always been more adventurous than his friends. He loves to jump off buildings and climb trees. One day he tries jumping into a lake but he slips and breaks his leg. Now Mike needs to wear a cast for almost 6 months. Mike starts to regret his adventurous nature.
Andy sat in the backseat of the car. He was watching the clouds in the sky. He picked out a cloud. The car moved faster and faster. He had outraced the cloud.
We live on a farm. Not so long ago, a mouse was discovered living in our walls. We could hear it scratching and running around at night. Mom was scared to death and decided to get a cat. Once the cat came, the mouse was no more.
I had gold earrings. I wore them everyday. Then they broke. I was heartbroken. Now I had nothing to wear.
Sasha was walking down her street. She saw a dog who looked hungry. She picked up the dog and took it home. She went to the store to get dog food. She fed the dog and decided she was going to keep it.
Fran loved reading books. She joined her university's English club to discuss them. The club mostly argued about themes. She started her own book club in the university center. They had great discussions and Fran really enjoyed herself.
Lucy sat by the fire with her friends. She decided to tell some campfire stories. She was very good at them. The girls ended up getting scared. When she was done they wanted more.
Jason went to work today but he wished he'd stayed home. He works as a teller in his local Bank of America. A man walked in and announced he had a gun. The gunman demanded Jason fill a bag with money. A patron in the bank punched the gunman for not showing his gun.
Kevin and Thomas both wanted the last popsicle. They fought over it for a while. First, they decided to rock, paper, scissors for it. After a deadlock for almost 15 minutes, the boys came to a conclusion. The decided to split the Popsicle and fight over something else.
Jessica and Mark were dating for 6 months. She loved him so much and told him never to talk to his ex. He claimed to not talk to his ex but she didn't believe him. When he was sleeping she went snooping through his cell phone. She found out he was texting his ex so she broke up with him.
Sarah tried to lose weight but hasn't been successful. She has tried every fad diet in the book. She has spent so much money on infomercials. She decided to stop dieting and simply eat clean foods. Suddenly Sarah started loosing the weight!
Ken lived with his dad. His first mom had disappeared years ago. Ken's dad fell in love again. He wanted to get married to the new woman. Ken hated the idea of a new mom but went along with it.
Joe robbed a bank. He ran away with the cash. But his face was caught on camera. They showed his picture on the news. Soon Joe got caught.
John's parents went to the movies. He was home alone watching videos. He decided to make popcorn. He poured kernels into a pan of hot oil. It popped and popped and popped until the pot overflowed!
The employees were mad at management. They organized a walkout. Management closed the store for the day. The next day there were new employees. The old employees were fired.
My neighbor always has a sour look on his face. My children are afraid of him and call him names. I always assumed he was as grumpy as he looked. I noticed him putting out food for stray cats this morning. He may not be as mean as he seems.
Joey loves to borrow his parents' car. Unfortunately, Joey likes to speed. A police officer pulled him over for driving over the speed limit. The officer gave him a ticket. Joey is no longer able to borrow his parents' car.
Frank took one of each of his shoes to the clothing store. He held up each shoe to the shirts to match the colors. He found a matching shirt for each shirt. He then did the same things for pants. Frank tried on each outfit before he bought it.
My wife's niece was 9 when she stayed over at our home. Her older siblings stayed over at our home when they were her age. She came over on a Friday night. She got nervous and could not sleep. We had to take her home.
Jill was playing soccer. She fell and her tooth popped out. Her mother told her to put the tooth under her pillow. Jill did as her mother instructed. The next day Jill found five dollars under her pillow.
Sarah was at home doing dishes. Suddenly her husband sent her a text from work. She could tell he needed something, but the text was unreadable. She tried to get more info but he didn't respond again for awhile. Luckily he finally responded and fixed his typos.
Kelly's friend was a famous fashion designer. Kelly was upset that she wasn't invited to one of the shows. She decided to give her friend an ultimatum. The two ended up fighting. Eventually they stopped being friends.
Chad hated going to the gas station. The smell of gas would make Chad's allergies act up. However, Chad had to stop for gas as he was going on a trip. As Chad approached the gas station, he noticed the long lines. Unfortunately, Chad had to wait, as he was almost out of gas.
Joan was supposed to work at her novel all night. Instead she went out with friends and had a good time. When she went back home, she was too tired to work and went to sleep. The next day, when she went back to her novel, she was very inspired. She incorporated events of the previous night and it worked very well.
It was a few weeks after settling into a new house. My cat went missing for almost two weeks. I posted flyers with his picture. No one responded to the lost posters. After 13 days a dirty, skinny cat was finally home.
Greg had been married for several years. He was not satisfied with his life. He decided that he was going to look outside of his marriage. Greg made a move on his secretary. Greg is now cheating on his wife.
Gina brought a loose dog home from the park. The dog followed her into the house. The dog barked loudly, and startled her mother. Her mother turned and saw the dog standing in the kitchen. Her mother screamed at the top of her lungs.
My wife needed a pair of boots for the winter. She went to a store in the mall. She also went to a factory outlet. She bought a pair of boots, Then she bought four more pairs!
When she bought the bananas, they were still green. She left them on the counter for two days. They suddenly turned dark and started getting old. She needed to use them somehow. She decided to make banana bread.
My friend Tio grew up in Boston. He is a fan of all Boston sports teams except the Red Sox. Tio is a New York Yankees fan. Last night he sent me a Snapchat video of the Yankees at Fenway. Sad to say, the Red Sox lost to the Yankees.
Samantha wanted to move to Ohio. She found a friend in the state to stay with. She packed her bags. She drove to Ohio. She and her son went to look for houses in Ohio.
For Valentine's day Andrew wanted to paint a portrait of her. He got one of her pictures that he had. He spent a week painting the portrait. Valentines day finally arrived. His girlfriend loved the picture.
Marcia hated studying for math class. Marcia's math scores were low enough to prevent her from graduating. Marcia's friend Mandy invited her to study math together. Mandy loved math and tutored Marcia. Marcia passed her math class and was able to graduate thanks to Mandy!
Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha. His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne. He met Samantha at the restaurant. Charlie accidentally dripped water on his shirt and she laughed. Samantha thought he was funny and agreed to a second date!
Harvey had saved up his money all summer. Finally he had enough to get his teeth whitened. He went to the dentist. The dentist applied the whitening solution to his teeth. Harvey was thrilled to see that his teeth became much lighter!
My cousin is a very attractive Asian woman. She never seemed to have a boyfriend. One day she cut her hair very short. Then she brought a boyfriend to a wedding. My daughter thinks the man was cover known as  a beard.
Tim wanted to mail a gift to his mom in a different state. He lost his mom's mailing address. He called her to ask for it but it went to her voicemail. Tim realized he was in a timezone five hours ahead. Tim left an apology in her voicemail and promised to call her later.
Tim was about to drive his first car. He bought it at a bargain price. However, it wouldn't start up. He needed to figure out what was wrong. When he looked under the hood, half the engine had fallen apart.
Harry was a detective in San Francisco. His methods were unorthodox at times but he got results. When a crime spree struck the city, the chief called him in. He told Harry to stop crime and do whatever it took. Harry killed many bad guys and the crime spree stopped.
Tina saw on the television that it would be raining on Easter Day. She was worried that her children wouldn't be able to do an egg hunt. On Easter day, it was pouring down rain. When there was finally a break in the storm, she ran out to hide eggs. The kids rejoiced in a quick egg hunt right before it started pouring.
Bob was doing the laundry. He accidentally washed his clothes on hot. All his clothes shrank. He wore a pair of shorts from his laundry. People laughed at him because they were so short.
Stacy needed to make money fast. She decided to take her last $100 to Las Vegas. She arrived at a casino and put all of her money on roulette. Stacy lost her money within 2 minutes. Stacy went home sad and empty handed.
Jane met a girl at school. The girl was a little weird. Jane's parents said that she should have the girl sleepover. It turned out that the girl was perfectly normal. She and Jane became best friends.
Olan liked homemade pies. He found out that his neighbor made great apple pies. Olan asked the neighbor if he could buy a pie from her. His neighbor baked him a pie. Olan offered to pay, but his neighbor insisted he take the pie.
My roommate met a great guy with lots of romance. He loved her and they had a good time together. He was on disability but somehow made ends meet. She was suspicious and started checking his messages. He was scamming people looking for sex on craigslist for money.
Fabey was taking a walk outside with her mom. She saw her shadow on the ground. Although she's confused, she became scared of it. It chased her as she tried to run. Her mom had to pick her up to remove the shadow.
When I was a kid, I loved to play in the snow. I built snow men a lot. One at a neighborhood kid knocked down my snowman. I was really upset and cried. His mom made him come over and apologize.
She had learned things she didn't want to know. He told her his deepest secrets. They nauseated her and made her worried. She didn't know if she could continue the relationship. It was just too much to bear.
Kyle was asleep in bed when he heard something loud. Someone was trying to get through his front door. He ran out and chased whoever it was off. The door was completely broken though. Luckily Kyle was able to fix it easily.
Doug invited her girlfriend over to watch a movie. It was the middle of the school year and they both wanted to relax. They watched their favorite show and hung out at his house. Joe brought out a couple snacks and they enjoyed the new episode. When they got tired Joe drove his girlfriend back home.
Steven was very scared of alligators. He feared that they would one day bite him. One day, Steven visited Florida. He saw many alligators and faced his fears. Now Steven even likes alligators.
We had Russian neighbors upstairs one year. They loved using the swimming pool. They stayed one year and moved. They came back to use the pool but the manager denied access. I thought the manager should have let them swim.
When I was a kid, my cousins and I loved fireflies. We would chase them all around my aunt's house. My aunt gave us a mason jar to keep them in. We caught 25 fireflies and put them in the jar. We gave our beautiful firefly jar to my aunt as a gift.
I decided to make a lot of money on MTurk today. I accepted 14 hits at one time. I did the first 6 in an hour. I tried to open each of the 8 remaining hits. All had expired before I had the chance to complete them.
Nancy was browsing through the cosmetics department. She found a great new perfume. She sprayed it on her wrist and sniffed it. She decided to buy it immediately. She adored the new scent!
Sam wanted to take his girlfriend to a picnic. They went to the park nearby. He packed sandwiches and wine. They drank the entire bottle of wine. They were slightly drunk and had a great time strolling the park.
Tina was in some deep financial trouble. She had credit card debt piling up. She enlisted the help of an accountant to get everything sorted out. Last week, she said that she was working on paying off her debt. Hopefully she can get to her student loans next.
England and America knew they'd have to invade Europe. They spent 3 years stockpiling supplies. They also spent that time weakening Germany's infrastructure. Finally they picked a date when time and tide were right. On June 6th, they attacked Hitler's empire in France.
Sierra was shopping for food. She noticed a blender on sale. She hadn't been planning on getting one. Randomly, she decided to buy it. She paid and brought it home.
I reached the front of my school. When I walked in the front of my class, I saw a warning sign. It said class is cancelled for today. I decided to leave the school. Eventually, my teacher posted an email online regarding the class.
Kenny is heartbroken. Kenny goes out to look for another girl. He finds a nice girl at a bar. He falls in love with her. Kenny is happy again.
Tom was out with friends. They were rough housing a bit. Tom's phone fell out of his pocket. It hit the floor and busted into pieces. Tom replaced it and bought a case.
Billy's favorite holiday is Halloween. He loves to dress up. He decided to be a lion this year. Billy purchased a lion costume at the store. He went trick-or-treating in it that night.
Denise's daughter was very interested in music. She decided to enroll her daughter in piano classes. Denise bought her daughter a keyboard to practice at home. Her daughter practiced every night. The instructor told Denise how impressive her daughter was.
Ali's school had visited the museum. A bully had stalked her the entire time she was there. On the bus she finally felt safe. Just then the bully Val tried to board her bus. Ali was elated when the teacher stopped Val and made her leave.
Sandy caught a cold and stayed home all day. He sneezed a lot and used many tissues. But noon he had ran out of fresh tissues. Sandy had to use paper towel and toilet paper instead. By the evening his nose was very red and his face was puffy.
One day Jerry is driving to his mom's house. He starts to hear a tick in the engine. He pulls over and takes a look. His engine is nearly on fire. He calls his mom and tells her he will be late for dinner.
I was riding in a car with my boyfriend. There was snow and ice on the road. We came to a stop sign but the car wouldn't stop. We ran into another car in the intersection. It wasn't a bad wreck, but it was scarey.
Tom was at lunch in elementary school. He was drinking sodas with friends. They all decided to have a chugging contest. Tom was really bad at it. He wound up spitting his soda out.
Tom lived in an old house. A water pipe burst. Tom didn't realize it until days later. His entire basement was flooded. It took thousands of dollars to fix.
Lou's favorite part of Easter was getting chocolate bunnies. But he only ate the ears. This Easter the bunnies in his basket has extra long ears. That was good for him but bad for his little brother. He had always gotten the Lou's leftover bunnies to eat.
Excitedly, Melvin picked up the wand. He wanted all his life to hold it and so squeezed it tighter. It was real, he thought, as he began to wave the wand around. He thought of a quick spell and executed it with flourish. Smiling, he tucked the wand into his robe.
Jane had a lot of junk that she wanted to get rid of. Her friend told her about eBay, so she made a new account. Jane listed all of her stuff on eBay. After a few days, the stuff sold. Jane then brought the stuff that sold to the post office and mailed it
Marty was taking the train to work one day. Suddenly the train stopped. Someone announced that there was a technical problem. The train would be delayed for thirty minutes. Marty anxiously arrived at work super late.
Ned's NAS hadn't been working for months. The proprietary power supply in it had gone up in smoke. Ned ordered a new power supply but it wasn't compatible. He cut the adapter off the old one and soldered it to the new one. Ned's hardware kludge got his NAS working again.
Gina started drinking when she was 15 years old. Her alcoholism became extreme by the time she was 20. She tried her hardest to become sober, but failed. She eventually passed away because of her addiction. She is missed by all of her friends and family.
Sawyer hated spaghetti. He thought it looked like worms. When he was visiting, his best friend's Mom made spaghetti. His best friend told his Mom about Sawyer's dislike. His Mom made Sawyer a hot dog instead.
The conveyor stopped working. The workers had to move boxes by hand. The workers hated this. The repairman came. He was greeted as a hero by the workers.
Mr Quan was a famous professor. His fame was taking off thanks to his research. He made strides in the field of medicine. He is teaching others in field. With his knowledge he changed lives.
My youngest son absolutely loves Minecraft. He watches Minecraft videos on Youtube. He plays Minecraft on his ipod all the time. He couldn't wait to show his grandmother all his cool creations. As soon as he told her about it she said "What is Minecraft".
Lisa had a dream of being a music artist. She was approached by a record deal, and she signed the contract. Soon after, they tried to mold her into a pop princess. They took her personality and twisted it into a cookie cutter type. She was devastated and depressed, but stayed in it for the money.
I hated working for my boss. I decided to become my own man and start a business. I quit my job and opened up a cafe. The cafe did not make money. I was forced to declare bankruptcy and find a job.
In the summer there's nothing quite like enjoying ice cream. It seems like I crave the milky goodness from the moment I wake. There's nothing that makes ninety degree weather more bearable. I usually resist all week long but the weekends are tough. Usually on Sunday I declare it an ice cream day since it seems poetic.
Sam's refrigerator broke. He had to throw out a lot of meat. The garbage collectors didn't come by for weeks. The meat was soon covered in maggots. Sam almost threw up when he saw it.
Lisa's brother was a very sound sleeper. She was having a sleepover with some friends. The put makeup on her brother when he was sleeping. They even put hairbows in his hair. He was extremely angry when he looked in the mirror the next day.
Missy's grandpa had a heart attack one night. She went to see him in the hospital the next day. She feared that he was dying. But when she saw him, she realized he was still robust and healthy. Missy burst into happy tears.
Tim was lactose intolerant. A friend gave him some candy. Tim didn't realize it had dairy in it. He ate it all and got sick. His friend apologized for not knowing.
Jim had lost his book. He searched his entire backpack, but it wasn't there. Next, he looked through his bedroom. He didn't find it there, so he searched the living room. Luckily, he found it in the couch cushion.
I called the vet today to check on my little dog. He had to spend the weekend in the vet clinic because of a fever. The vet told me that his infection has still not gone away. My poor dog is stuck at the clinic for another night. That makes me sad, but I'm thankful that he has good care.
Farad likes to play practical jokes on his friends. Farad entered a friends information into Tinder without them knowing. The friend was not happy. Then the friend met someone through the website. Now the friend is getting married and Farad is in the wedding.
Henry was climbing up the mountains. He grabbed a bulging rock with his hand. The rock ended up separating from the mountain. He ended up falling from his spot. Thankfully, bill grabbed him before he fell to the ground.
Drew has been working two jobs for 8 months now. He is in college and needs the money for his expenses. His bills are piling up still although he has two jobs. Drew has no time left after a full day of school and two jobs. Something has to go so he decides to quit one of his jobs.
I was working as a lifeguard at a slide. I saw a boy splash into the water. He could barely stay up. I jumped in. His back was hurting.
Bronte was having a back to school party. She was trying to find a classmate that was willing to DJ. Paulie stepped up to the role. The night of the party everyone showed up. Bronte's party was a huge success and Paulie did a terrific job.
Tony was a negro guy, who lived in England. He was well-off and used to go to many reputed pubs for night-outs. Once, while he was dancing his night off, he heard racist comments. He resorted to police and got them behind the bars. The convicts begged pardon from him and after a while he forgave them.
Mark had a 9am flight to Chicago. He woke up late and hit traffic, it was 8:50 when he got to the gate. He had to wait in a very long line and he was sure to miss his flight. Just then, they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed. Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight!
When Kathy was pregnant with her first baby, she wanted to make a gift The gift she wanted to make for her baby was a soft baby blanket. Every day Kathy worked on making the baby blanket. As she worked, she thought about her baby and how much love she had. When her baby finally arrived, she wrapped him in the special blanket.
Gina always slept on the couch at her grandma's house. But now that her grandpa was dead there was a free room. Gina disliked the thought of sleeping in a dead man's bed. But it would certainly be comfortable. She just needed to convince one of her siblings to sleep there too.
My boss promoted me to manager. My first day as a manger started off on a good path. I gave my co-workers several instructions to follow. For those that were confused, I clearly provided a few guidelines. They were fascinated by my leadership.
Berry grabbed the soda can. He held it up in the air for all of us to see. We didn't know what he was going to do with it. He grabbed it firmly in his right hand. Smash, he crumpled it against his head!
Nancy was picking up her son from school. Her son wasn't at school. The school said he hadn't attended. Nancy went home. She found out her son had played hookey.
Reginald notices that his hair is becoming gray. Although many of his friends have gray hair, he doesn't like it. He decides to dye his hair brown to look younger. It takes him hours to finish dying his hair in the bathroom. When he is finished, Reginald is happy he no longer has gray hair.
Kyle was walking around his neighborhood. And he noticed an old and worn house. There was a truck parked in front of it filled with junk. And he could see towers of boxed through the house's window. Kyle saw a man on the porch talking to himself and walked away.
When I was young, I wanted a puppy. My parents took me to the pound. I found the cutest dog in the place. My parents let me keep her. She slept in my lap on the way home.
Flagg wanted to go shopping. He called his friends, but they were all busy. Then he thought of a great shopping companion. Flagg asked his mom to come shopping with him. She agreed, and the two had a great time shopping together!
Jules went to a bingo game. He thought he had won. Jules yelled bingo. The workers checked his card and he hadn't won. Jules sat back down with his card.
Elsie is terrible at driving snowmobiles. She always crashes them. One day she was going too fast on a snow mobile. She crashed into a tree. Now her finger is broken.
Simon remembered having fun at Chuck E Cheese's we he was younger. He asked his parents to take him there. One Saturday, his parents decided to take him as a special treat. It wasn't as impressive as he had remembered. Now Simon asks to be taken to Dave and Busters instead.
Angel wanted a car for her sixteenth birthday. Angel could not afford a car for her sixteenth birthday. Angel stole a car from a parking lot. Law enforcement got a report of a stolen vehicle. Angel was caught by police and taken to jail.
I met Sue's boyfriend last night. He was a really nice guy. We actually had a lot in common. He was telling me a lot of funny stories. He really is a great guy.
Kenny was a famous jazz musician. He played at clubs across America meeting new people every time. In Washington at a hole in the wall club he met the girl of his dream. Soon after, all of his songs became about her. But, she never knew, and he died loving her just as much as ever.
Walt noticed a dangling piece of drywall in the living room. It annoyed him so much that he decided to pick it off the wall. He pulled and pulled and more and more of the wall came off. Walt looked in horror at how large the hole had gotten. He was even more horrified when bugs started crawling out of it.
Michael noticed someone following him home from school. The car drove too slow, staying behind him as he walked. Michael started to panic, but then remembered what he'd been taught. He walked confidently up to the nearest house and knocked on the door. When the old man answered, the car sped off.
Lisa wanted to buy a pizza. She took it home and looked in the box. The pizza was massive. She couldn't believe how large it was. She could hardly finish it.
My boyfriend returned home from Germany. He told me stories about what he and his army friends did for fun. I was enthralled by the stories. I laughed and enjoyed hearing the sound of his voice again. He told me he hoped he would never get sent away again.
George and Sally went to a haunted house. George told Sally he would not be scared. They both went into the haunted house. George began to scream and ran out. Sally made fun of George all the way home.
Bella was driving home one afternoon. Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop. Bella remembered that she had forgotten to stop for gas! Her car's gas tank was bone dry. Bella had to walk four miles with a gas can to get more gas.
I was at track practice. We were still running. My mom came to pick me up. She went to ask the coach how long we would be there. She waited for five minutes.
Ralph's doctor told him his weight was high and it was unhealthy. Ralph got home and decided to try going for a jog. He didn't go far, but he tried again the next day and went farther. After a month he hadn't skipped a day of jogging. He finally weighed himself and found out that he lost fifteen pounds.
I got a new IPhone last week. I had always used an android. It was very different from my other phone. It took a lot of getting used to. I actually like it a lot better than the android.
Mike was hungry. There was leftover pizza on the table. He opened the box. There was a bug on the pizza. Mike chased it away and ate the pizza anyway.
Dan was hungry for his lunch. He went to the break room to get his sandwich. When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone. He started looking for the sandwich thief. He saw his enemy Tim eating his sandwich.
Brian was having trouble while reading. He always had to squint his eyes. His mother told him he needed to go to the eye doctor. They gave Brian an eye exam. Now Brian needs glasses to read with.
Tony was working out at the gym. He didn't replace any of the equipment when he was done using it. The other gym members were getting annoyed. They reported Tony to management. The staff talked to Tony about his behavior.
Donna went shopping at the store. She rolled the shopping cart to her car. She let go of the cart to open her door. The cart started to roll away. Donna caught the cart before it hit any other cars.
Tim loved his girlfriend. He didn't realize she was unhappy in the relationship. One day she ended things with him. Tim pleaded and asked for another chance. Unfortunately nothing worked and they broke up.
My friend's cat had kittens. My friend tried to find people to take the kittens. I decided that I would take one. I drove to her house to pick up the cat. I brought her back home and she was very happy.
Chloe was a new mom. She was trying to find a good app for tracking her breastfeeding. One night she got a great idea. She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms. The next day she contacted some people and got the app started.
Yesterday I painted my nails. I picked a pretty red color. I was rather pleased with the result. Yet I needed up spilling it. The floor had red stains.
Edward's high school football team won the state championships. Scouts from many universities were there to watch. Since Edward did so well, he was offered a football scholarship. The scholarship was for a great school. Edward was more than happy to accept.
I found a website that had adorable shirts on it. I wanted to order a lot of them. My husband came in and glanced over my shoulder. The next week, a huge box came in the mail. He had surprised me with an order from the store.
Russ really liked to hike. He walked very fast to interesting places. One time he twisted his ankle close to the summit of a mountain. He carefully taped his ankle. He grimaced in pain as he reached the peak.
Sue loved to make spaghetti. She also like to create new sauces. She found a new recipe and bought all the ingredients. She followed the recipe and served it to her family. They all loved the new sauce.
The monster banged on the wall. Chloe trembled with fear and scrunched down under her blanket. The monster pounded harder on the wall. Chloe was so frightened, she began to cry. With a final loud thump, her father hung the wall clock.
Lyle had a plan to get the most Easter eggs. The other kids started to grab the first eggs they saw. Lyle ran to the back of the lawn where no one had gotten to. He loaded up on the eggs there. He won the grand prize, a huge chocolate rabbit!
Sue and her daughter made a fairy garden together. The little girl was excited when they finished. Later, Sue saw her daughter looking sadly at the garden. The little girl asked why the fairies never came. Then, they saw a butterfly alight in the fairy garden.
Amy worked from home and asked her question in a chat room. Amy thought since 2 people were answering questions it would be quick There were 4 questions ahead of Amy's It took 8 minutes to get an answer in the chat room. Amy's caller was extremely upset when Amy returned.
Patricia didn't care for the environment. She littered everyday. One day she walked out of her house and was in shock. Her yard was covered in all of her old litter. People stood in front with signs against her littering actions.
Jim went to a concert to see his favorite band. However, it was announced that the band had to cancel. He was very disappointed with the announcement. He decided to watch the opening bands and try to have fun. Jim left disappointed, but he still had a good time at the concert.
I had a horrible job interview yesterday. It took over an hour on the train to reach the office. Then, I couldn't find a taxi cab and had to walk half a mile in heels. Arriving at the office, my makeup had smudged from sweat. Finally, the company informed me that the job had already been filled.
Sean was a brand new musician trying to make it big. He was playing his very first big show that night. He went out and did the best that he could, hoping it went well. At the end, his manager informed him that he had actually sold out. Sean was so excited to see his career taking off.
Nancy was driving to her job. The car maintenance light turned on. However, she continued to drive without being nervous. When she tried to drive home, her car shut down. The engine shut down and she remained in the middle of the road.
Kelly was playing a soccer match for her University. Her team was expected to win. Kelly felt pain and suddenly fell over on the field. She had sprained her ankle. It was a close game, but without Kelly, the team was unable to win.
Kyle was furious at his friend. The friend had stolen his favorite hat from him. Kyle called him to confront him. The friend agreed to return the hat. Their friendship was never the same.
Today I was digging an irrigation trench in my backyard. About half way through the project I had a problem. I had cut a cable running to my house. The cable turned out to be my internet connection. I had to go without the internet for three days to wait for repairs.
Mike had to play his recital. He took his saxophone out of the case. He found out one saxophone pad had fallen. His teacher temporarily fixed it using bubble gum. Mike could play his recital.
Sarah had just returned from the grocery store. She was trying to carry several bags at once. Suddenly, one bag tore open. A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway. Sara opened the carton and saw that all of the eggs were broken.
Kelly was working late at the store yesterday when something happened. She was by the jeans when the alarm went off. Kelly was shocked and scared. She immediately went to see the problem. Ten perfumes were stolen.
Tom was hard up for money. He needed to get some fast. He decided to pawn some of his stuff. Tom intended to get it right back after. Unfortunately he was never able to.
A family really loved rainbows. They would always look for them. It rained one day. They looked outside. They saw a rainbow.
Kim and Tim had cocoa in the park on a cool day. A bird squawked loud and startled Kim. She spilled her cocoa on her new white gloves. She was sad since she loved her gloves. Kim decided to enjoy the park and not to let the spill ruin her day.
Maddy was very clumsy. She tripped over everything and made people laugh. As she was very self-conscious, she tried to be careful. She took lessons to have more poise and walk with a straight back. Now, people look at her with awe and don't laugh anymore.
Randy was the best looking guy in his town. He had gotten almost every girl he had ever wanted. That was until Anna walked into the bar. She smiled at him as she walked by. Randy tried to speak but was tongue tie for the first time ever.
Gertrude was liked by no one at school. She was always yelling and making fun of people. One day Alice was teased by her all day. But alice could not take it anymore. She punched Gertrude right in the nose!
I looked for some fresh jalapenos. Nobody in town seemed to have them. I ended up going to the farmer's market. There I found a bounty of hot peppers. I filled a bag to take home and freeze.
Allan realized one day that he was living a very unhealthy life. So he decided that he wanted to do something to change that. He began eating a lot healthier. He also decided to exercise. After 12 weeks Allan could tell he was much healthier.
It was raining hard in Josh's area. It began to flood in the yard where Josh kept his dog. Josh decided to take his dog inside the house. The dog stayed inside the house until the water receded. When the yard was dry, Josh brought the dog back outside.
Leah worked hard for years. She finally got her diploma! Her family threw her a big party to celebrate. Leah hung the diploma on the wall. She felt so successful!
Mary wanted to adopt a child. She went to the orphanage. She looked at who to adopt. She looked for the sad and lonely looking children. Mary chose to adopt a boy named Henry.
Every night, I have trouble going to sleep. This is because I have constant nightmares. Last night I had one about a monster with long, stringy hair. He was threatening to hurt me, but I couldn't move. After I woke up in terror, I spent the rest of the night awake.
Joanne's family rarely used the swimming pool anymore. She got tired of closing it and opening it every year. Her husband never really like the pool. One Fall day before closing, Joanne said he could fill it in. He filled it with dirt and no one misses it.
Tina wasn't enjoying her first day of high school. Her math and English classes had been very difficult. Even her science class was very complicated! But then Tina went to art class, and she was relieved. She'd finally found a class she would excel in and enjoy!
May went through her neighbor's trash for paper and cans. She collected all those materials to recycle. When she when through Mister Jones's garbage can he confronted her. Mister Jones was very mad that she looked through his trash. May said it was for a good cause so he forgave her.
Rob would often forget to put out his garbage cans on garbage day. Whenever he would forget, he would have twice as much garbage. So, Rob decided that he needed some way to remind him. He set a weekly reminder on his phone. From then on, Rob always remembered to put out his garbage cans.
My company was hired by a woman to clean her house. When I arrived and started, she kept looking at me weird. The next day, the company tells me I'm fired. The woman complained that I was holding the broom backwards. I'm not sure what's wrong with her, but I'm left handed.
Carly ran to class to be on time. She saw a puddle was in her path ahead. Instead of running around it, she ran through it. The puddle gave her a very wet shoe. Carly regretted the wet shoe all day.
Anna led the school's AV club. She wanted to be a film producer. After talking to the principal, she had a great way to start. She was allowed to film and broadcast the morning announcements! Anna's very first show was the school news!
Liz met Mike on Tinder. It was an instant attraction. They finally decided to go on a date. They hit it off. They are now engaged.
Ariel is broke until payday. She only has ramen left to eat. Her roommate Mandy sees that she is broke. Mandy stocks up on groceries to share with Ariel. Ariel is thankful and has a full belly of good food!
Jen was a 7 year old little girl who always wanted a pet. One evening while Jen was playing her father walks into her room. He tells Jen to go outside because he has a surprise for her. Jen walks outside and to her amazement sees a little white puppy. She rushes over to hug her new puppy that she names Spot.
Bill took his bike out of storage. He checked the gears and the brakes but not the wheels. He took it for a test ride around the block. Halfway around the block the front wheel came off. Bill crashed to the ground.
Kim was a CIA agent who felt sorry for a guy she had to spy on. Kim's target would watch Japanese karate movies and adult films. Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent. Kim's target moved into the house with her mother and sister. Now Kim watches him easier.
Sue went camping with some friends. This was her first time camping in her life. She had fun until night time when it was time to sleep. She didn't like sleeping on the hard ground and she hurt her back. Although she had a fun time she will not go camping again.
I submitted my short story into a school literary magazine. I waited months for the magazine to be printed. The magazine released yesterday. I quickly scanned through the pages when I got it. My work was actually featured in the literary magazine!
Marsha had been wanting a cat for her entire life. She always researched the best breeds, food, and toys. One day, Marsha finally went to the animal shelter to pick one out. She decided to adopt a big, fluffy Maine Coon cat! Marsha was thrilled to have a new best friend forever.
Brandon had a farm. He had a bunch of cows. One day he went to milk one. The cow kicked him in the face. He passed out and never woke up.
Laurie went into the stall in the restroom. The person in the next stall asked for some tissue. She told her she couldn't spare a square. The person was very angry. Laurie laughed to herself.
Anne was on a strict diet. She called to order a pizza without cheese. But they brought her a pizza with cheese! She called and had it corrected. They returned with the properly-made pizza.
Laura loved honey. She wanted to check out the beehive. So she went to check it out. She then got attacked. She was stung.
Susie had a small tattoo. It was of a rose. But she wanted to remove it so she went to the salon. When she got there she lay down for it. But it hurt so badly she had to stop.
Lucy and her grandma went to the mall. Lucy had only tennis shoes and it was too hot to wear them. Lucy tried on lots of sandals but saw none she liked. After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her. Lucy rode home in silence upset she didn't get to pick her own shoes.
It was Samantha's 15th birthday. She had just gone out to eat with her family. They all sang for her and clapped. At the end of the meal, her father gave her a small box. Inside was a new necklace.
I was riding on the seesaw. Nancy was running to the other side. She jumped on the seat. My side went up quickly. I flew out of my seat and onto the grass.
Zach's daughter was getting married in a month. He was going to dance during the father daughter dance. Zach really wanted to impress everyone at the wedding with his moves. He took a ballroom dance course and didn't tell anybody. At the wedding everyone was shocked at how good Zach was at dancing.
Nick saw how hard his single mom worked to care for her two sons. So one week, he decided to help her out. Every night he bagged up the trash and took it out to the can. At the end of the week he took the can to to curb. Nick's mom thanked him for the work he'd done all week for her!
Mindy was raised in a Catholic household. She wanted to be a nun. Mindy went to the convent to begin her training. Mindy fell in love with a really hot priest. Together they abandoned their vows and moved in together.
My wife is watching the Olympics. Unfortunately some of the day's events are in the afternoon. Thus, gold medals are sometimes already won by prime time. She asked her coworkers to not talk about the results during the day. Thus far, they have complied.
A friend of mine got two kittens. They have six toes on each paw. They are called polydactyls. This type of cat used to be carried on ships. They are considered to be excellent mousers.
Tim got a bow and arrows for christmas. When he tried to shoot the target, he missed. He was sad. However, he practiced everyday. Soon, he was an expert at it.
Sally thought she smelled something. She looked around her house to find the smell. When she went into the garage she found a fire had started. Sally called the fire department. The firemen arrived and put the fire out.
Javier has always wanted to be more independent. He decides to learn to drive to be less dependent on his parents. He works very hard to learn how to drive and park. Finally he is an expert driver. Javier loves his newfound independence.
Omar was riding his bike across an alley. But a van pulled out in front of him. He had no time to stop and hit the van. And he had to buy a new front wheel. Omar always slowed before crossing alleys from then on.
Elizabeth couldn't wait for her son Sam to take his first steps. She was determined to capture the moment on camera. She wanted to make sure she remembered it perfectly forever. But when Sam finally took his first steps, the camera wasn't charged. Elizabeth didn't mind that much - she knew she'd remember anyway.
Some friends and I were drinking at the bar. The DD jokingly says, "lets go to California." We end up driving to California. We hung out at the beach for 2 hours. Then we drove back to Arizona.
I took my daughter to see The Nutcracker in 1995. She was ten Year's old. The performance was in a theater in Boston. She enjoyed the performance very much. She now has a daughter and will take her to the ballet someday.
Gina's siblings were throwing things out a 2nd floor window. Gina was already in trouble so she tried to stop them. But they kept throwing things. Until they realized their mother was in the doorway watching them. Everyone except Gina was grounded for a week.
Tom wanted to travel for his next holiday vacation. He began researching plane tickets. He searched every day for weeks. He eventually found a very low flight to a paradise location. He booked the flight and later enjoyed the vacation.
Emily loved brushing her hair. Emily realized she needed a new brush. Emily shopped around for brushes. Emily found one she liked. Emily bought the brush and was very happy about it.
The girl got her ear pierced. The earring got ripped out of her ear. Her ear became infected. She had to go on antibiotics. Her ear eventually healed.
Several kids walked to a nearby house. They noticed a huge basket on a chair in front of the door. They grabbed the items inside. Since it fake hand and set of roaches, they got scared and threw it. The supervisor tried to cheer them up.
Jason entered a swimming contest today. He received encouragement from friends and family. He started the race strong. He got tired near the end. He came in third place!
Kevin's family owned a farm for generations. When Kevin took over a long drought started. His fields went dry and he could grow anything. Kevin didn't know how he would survive another dry season. Kevin wound up selling land to a developer to avoid bankruptcy.
Kelly is working on a science project. She is entering the science fair. She finishes her project. At the fair she wins first prize. Kelly is very happy with her first place prize.
A boy at the beach pretended to be King of the Crabs. He made himself a crown from seaweed and driftwood. In the sand he drew plans for his Crab empire. When the tide came his kingdom was washed away. The boy understood this as how his message got sent to the crabs.
Larry bought a new cat carrier. His cat was notorious for escaping all of them. This was supposed to be more secure. Within minutes Larry's cat had gotten out. Larry was frustrated but impressed.
Heather had a lot to get done today. She woke up earlier enough, then she saw a sink full of dishes. Heather's house full of teenagers left the dishes dirty in the sink. She asked her oldest daughter to get them done before she left. Hailey did the dishes for her mother before they left for the day.
Burton applied online to his favorite universities. He waited for their answers. He checked his email several times per day. He received an email from his top choice school. He was glad to hear that he was accepted.
My stepdad said never to visit on my motorcycle. I had just come to visit them. There was oil in the garage. My bike leaked oil. I parked my bike in his garage.
One of my favorite chairs was the wooden one I owned. I absolutely loved that chair. Unfortunately the chair broke. I was devastated. Thankfully I can get it fixed.
Domingo was the dictator of a tropical island. Two companies wanted to open banana plantations in his country. Both offered him bribes, but he didn't need the money. He decided that the contract would be decided by a joke contest. But neither negotiator was funny.
Martin was driving on a highway. Suddenly, something crashed in his car. He lost control over the car. He had to stop. He found out the right front wheel fell off the car.
Liz went to order her burger. She asked for no mayo. When she got home, there was mayo on her burger. Liz will not eat mayo. She threw her burger away.
Tyler's sleep schedule has been off due to final exams. He decided to stay up all Saturday in order to fix it. Tyler began dozing off while watching TV. He decided to drink coffee in order to keep himself up. Tyler managed to sleep on time after drinking a whole pot of coffee.
Tammy bought some pretty colorful peppers at the market. She made pasta with an olive pepper sauce for her new boyfriend. He told her that it was good but a little spicy. She decided to mix the extra sauce into her dog's food. Afraid she'll hurt the dog since the sauce was so hot, he stopped her.
Susie was getting ready to apply to college. So therefore she went on some tours. She ended up not liking any of them. So susie did not know what to do. She ended up just applying to school near her house.
John was evicted from his apartment for excessive noise. A co-worker offered a couch to John while he looked for a new place. John was grateful. John slept on the co-worker's couch that night. John awoke to a note saying the coworker was being evicted!
My oldest child is so loud. She is so loud that it is hard to sleep when she is awake. We put the youngest down for a nap earlier. Our oldest started yelling at the top of her lungs. She woke up the baby and got sent to timeout.
Travis was bored in his room. He decided that he should learn a new hobby. A short search on Youtube led him to whistling. He gave it a shot and actually was a natural. From then on he always enjoyed whistling in his free time.
Pat lived in the woods with her parents. Pat never enjoyed living in the woods. She thought it was lonely and there was not much to do. Her parents had another child and Pat had a sister. They became best friends and they love the woods.
John was a student at university. He was attending a large class. The class was completely silent for a moment. He cracked his knuckles very loudly. Everyone turned their heads to look at him.
Kate and Tim were dating. Kate had to move far away. They tried to keep their relationship going. Unfortunately there were too many obstacles. They both ended it on ok terms.
Stephen had a hot dog stand on the street corner. Miguel was one of his regular customers. When Stephen saw Miguel approach, he smiled. Stephen already knew what Miguel would order. By the time Miguel reached the stand, the hot dog was already ready.
Liz owned a popular ice cream shop. One day she arrived at work to find the power out. All of her ice cream was melting! She decided to give away what she could before it was ruined. She made an announcement and the town enjoyed free ice cream day.
Rachelle was born with a heart defect. Until she was 35, she never even knew she had it. One day, she went into cardiac arrest at home. Luckily, her roommate quickly called paramedics to assist Rachelle. After tests, her doctor found the problem and gave her a pacemaker.
Shanna was taking a pilates class. She felt a sharp pain in her side. The pain kept on for a while. Shanna went to the doctor. She had pulled a muscle overstretching herself.
Ike walked to his car after a long day of work. He felt water on the back of his head. He turned around and saw the remains of a water balloon. The thrower was nowhere to be seen. Ike ran to his car to avoid being a target.
Thomas lost his puppy one afternoon. He searched all over the park for him. Thomas found his collar next to the bushes. He followed his puppy's steps across the grass. There was Thomas's puppy all covered in dirt.
Megan wanted to make an apple pie. It occurred to her that she had an apple tree in her yard. She inspected the tree for any good looking apples. Most were duds, but there were a few good ones. Using her home grown apples she made her pie.
Elena was in the grocery store, looking for jelly. She accidentally backed into a shelf. Six jars of jam fell to the ground with a smash, spilling everywhere. Elena was forced to pay for six jars of jam. She never found the jelly.
Kayla was expecting a second baby. Her grandmother sent her a gift one day. The gift was a huge brand new stroller. Thanks to the stroller, Kayla would have a much easier time traveling. She called her grandmother and thanked her.
John's favorite meal when he was young was beanie weenie. His mother cooked it for him at least twice a week. John's wife didn't like beanie weenie and never cooked it. She went out of town and left their daughter to John's care. John cooked his daughter beanie weenie every night.
I got a cool wallet in Alaska. I lost it one day. I was throwing it on the next floor of a balcony. I went up the stairs to get it. Someone had taken it.
A frog sat on a log. A bird perched on the log next to the frog. The bird asked the frog what he was waiting for. The frog said he was waiting for the bird himself! The frog opened his mouth wide and swallowed the bird whole!
Caitlin Recently married her boyfriend of three years, Cal. They needed furniture for their new home. They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked. They drove to IKEA to see the couch in person. They liked the couch and ordered it in the store to have it delivered.
I was eating some pie when a piece fell onto my shirt. The pie caused my shirt to have a big, blue stain. I went to the sink to wash it out but to no avail. Instead I decided to dye my shirt the color of the stain. I not only use that shirt when eating pie.
Ned was a good soccer player. His parents took him to tryout for a local club team. He made the team and his parents were asked to pay club fees. Ned felt guilty that the club fees were so high. Ned got a part time job to help pay for fees.
Jerry was making his morning coffee. All of a sudden, his coffee maker started leaking. There was coffee all over his counter. Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel. Afterwards, he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee.
My friend needed a ride to the airport. Her flight left on Tuesday. She didn't ask me until an hour before her flight left. I agreed to take her. She missed the flight and owes me gas money now.
The explorers were hiking. They were trying to pass through a mountain range. They spent three days trying to cross. They finally found themselves walking downhill again. They had reached the other side!
John stopped into a McDonald's for a biscuit before work. While there, he was approached by an older man in a tattered coat. The man asked John if he could buy him breakfast. John bought the man some food. John also gave the man a number to a local church who could help him.
Our neighbors Alice and her son Joe were away all summer. We had not seen them since June. Yesterday I went outside to read and saw them. They invited me over to their apartment for coffee. I said I was pleased to see them again.
Jane asked her mother about the color of the ruby on her ring. Jane's mother told her daughter that ruby's can be different colors. Could they be yellow as well, her daughter asked? Jane's mother, not knowing for sure, still told her yes. Her daughter was quite inquisitive, Jane thought to herself.
Daniel practiced hard for his guitar recital. While he was practicing, his little sister ran through the room. She bumped into him. His guitar dropped to the ground and smashed to pieces. Daniel could not participate in his guitar recital.
On my way to work traffic was exceptionally slow. As I got closer to an intersection I noticed sirens and lights. A white sedan had collided with a green pick up head on. There was debris, gas and oil leaking all over the ground. As I drove by I saw a victim being loaded into the ambulance.
Ari's saltwater fish tank was struggling. His fish appeared sick and struggling. Ari reluctantly put the tank up for sale. Soon an experienced buyer took the fish off Ari's hands. The buyer cared for Ari's fish and made them healthy again.
Rachel's dad remarried a horrible woman. Rachel called her her evil stepmother. She begged her dad to divorce her. The dad was convinced his new wife was a great lady. Rachel ran away from home to escape.
The transmission on my car had to be replaced. Less than a mile from the transmission place the engine went out. We had the car towed to the shop. The mechanics said we needed a whole new engine. We sold the car for scrap.
Shawn had been needing a bike for work. He was shopping around but everything was too expensive. Then, he noticed an ad for a free bike. He quickly asked if he could have it. Luckily he got it and it was a good bike.
Glen was angry with his mother. She'd hired him a new babysitter. Glen was in 5th grade and didn't think he needed one. The babysitter made him a snack and helped with his homework. Glen decided she wasn't so bad afterall.
I was browsing the internet. I needed some pictures for a project. I saved several images to a folder. I printed them off. I glued the images to my poster.
After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree. Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away. Susan didn't want to break their hearts so she came up with a plan. She put the Christmas decor away and gave the children paper hearts. The children jumped for joy while decorating their Valentine tree.
Evan was bowling with his family. Usually he came in last place. But this time Evan had a lucky streak! He got strikes and spares in every game. Evan ended up coming in first place!
Gene was starving. He went into the kitchen to see what he could find. There was nothing but bologna and bread. He fried the bologna to make it taste better. The sandwich was good but Gene was still hungry.
It was raining when i'm going to school. I left my umbrella on the rack outside the door. After class i noticed one guy took my umbrella. I shout at him why did he get my umbrella but he ignored me. When i look at rack my umbrella is there and i feel so ashamed.
Sophie was upset. She had blinked during her school picture. The school said she could have a retake. When she got that photo back, she was blinking in it, too! Sophie was embarrassed when that photo ended up in the yearbook.
Jasmine loved going to football games. She got tickets right in the end zone for a game. When a player scored a touchdown, he jumped into the stands. Jasmine couldn't believe she had touched her favorite player! It was a story to tell all of her friends!
Allen's favorite band was having a concert this weekend. Allen and his friends had already bought tickets. Allen eagerly wanted to move closer to the stage. Allen and his friends spent all night jumping around to the music. Allen's ears were ringing all week.
Sean woke up the morning after a big storm. He stepped outside and saw that his screen door had ripped. He called his landlord to let him know. Luckily, his landlord could fix it that day. By the end of the day everything was back to normal.
Aurelia notices that her shirts are all very dirty. She decides to clean them in the washing machine. When they're all clean, she hangs them outside to dry. When they're dry, Aurelia beings them in and folds them. She is happy to have clean shirts again.
John did not do his homework in many of his classes. He failed his classes in the following report card. His parents punished him. He went to therapy. John became more motivated and passed his classes.
Bella is taking a college level US history course. She had to do a paper on the US history between 1865 and today. She wrote on the development and use of atomic bombs in war. She learned that her grandfather's could have died invading Japan. So she probably would not have been born without the bombs.
Tyron loved to play football. He was the star on his team from grade 6 on up. He got a scholarship to state college. He played well until the final game. He broke his leg and ruined his future career.
Alex and I wanted to go to a concert so we bought tickets. We weren't sure about the time so we showed up very early. We ended up having to wait hours. When the concert went out we were both very excited and happy. At the end of the concert my ears were still ringing from the sound!
An owl was flying towards a rat in the woods. Just as he dove for it, he hit his wing on a tree limb. He was nearly dead when John found him. John worked for the zoo. John brought him fresh rats for him to eat every day.
Adam was very overweight. He decided to go on a diet. He threw out all of his junk food. Adam started exercising every day. He lost 100 pounds in one year.
Carl thought he was smarter than all his friends. He challenged them all to games of chess. Most of them beat Carl. The ones that didn't came close. Carl felt more humble and respectful afterward.
Phuong brought some reusable bags to the store. She checked out the produce section. Phuong then selected some spices. She got in line at the checkout. Then she paid for her groceries.
Betty was hunting to feed her family. She could not shoot anything. But then she checked her line of snares. In one of her traps, she found a big plump rabbit. Betty smiled, knowing her family would eat tonight.
Sheila had a robe made out of beaver's wool. She noticed one day it was getting very frayed. Sheila logged into an online shopping website to look for a new one. She found one just like hers! She bought it and threw her old one out.
Susy was asked to the dance by Fred. She was very excited. But when she got there she saw he had flowers. Suzy felt very thrilled. She then decided to kiss him to thank him.
I found money on the street. I had no idea who had left it there. I wanted to buy coffee with it, but I started to feel guilty. It was not my money, but I could not return it. Instead, I donated the money rather than spend it on myself.
She chose to return to college. She was sick of being a nobody. She wanted to make at least one dream come true. She did as well as previously, making the dean's list again. She continued until she graduated.
Joan lived in the island of Jersey near the coast of France. She took a class to learn conversational French. One day, she got on a boat and departed to the peninsula of Brittany. When she arrived, everyone there was speaking English. Joan never got a chance to use her language skills.
Josh was buying groceries. There was a lady in line in front of him. She was five dollars short. Josh paid for her groceries. He decided to do a good deed every week.
One day, John found a bird on the street. John felt very bad for the bird. He took the hospital to the doctors to make it healthy. After that, he fed the bird a lot of food. Now the bird is John's pet.
Jeff was having a hard time at work. To make things worse his boss tells him he has to work on his day off. Jeff gets upset and and loses his cool. He starts bad mouthing his boss and calls him lazy! Jeff is fired and sent home!
Jamillah always wanted to be a lawyer. She went to college and studied hard day and night. Passing the bar exam meant she could take care of her mom. The day of the test, Jamilah's stomach was in knots. After reading the letter from the law firm, she hugged her mom.
Josh and Emma are siblings. Josh always made Emma play football with him. Emma always lost until she suggested they play soccer. Emma beat Josh by 10 points! After that, Josh never made her play football again.
Tyler was drinking and doing drugs. People knew him as a suspicious character. One day, he was bothering a student about getting drugs from him. The student filed an order to the police. Tyler got expelled.
Kelly had hair that was getting long. She decided she needed a haircut. She got in her car and got to the salon. Her stylist started to cut. When she was done Kelly looked great.
Dana applied for a college scholarship. She worked really hard on the essay especially. One day, she got the letter telling her if she had earned it. She opened it nervously. To her delight, she had won the scholarship.
Lucy was eating in the dark. She was depressed. She ate cold chicken and went to bed. She left the bones and the crumbs on the table. The next day her grandma scolded her for leaving a mess.
Rita lived in a place where it never snowed. She wanted to see what snow was like so badly. She decided she would work hard so she could visit a place with snow. She worked extra shifts until she had saved enough to visit Alaska. Rita finally got to see snow!
Tom went to work in the morning. His job was to make up stories for money. He loved his job but was having trouble making new stories. He thought hard and was finally able to come up with a good story. His employer gave him a bonus for the awesome story.
Howard was bummed when they cancelled Reading Rainbow. It had instilled in him a deep love and joy for reading. He found out there was an app for it on the Internet. He logged on and purchased it right away. Howard is happy he can share it with his children.
Ben was talking his preteen son rock climbing. They went to an indoor rock wall and suited up. Then they climbed side by side, breathing heavily. At the end of the day, both had reached the top, but it was hard! They agreed that they both needed to be a little more fit!
Tom was about to graduate high-school. A few weeks prior he took part in a senior prank. The prank got everyone involved in a lot of trouble. Tom was not allowed to walk on stage during graduation. He got his diploma handed to him in an office.
I'm the type of person who get's mad and breaks things. But after one particularly bad day, I threw my new phone. It hit our brick fireplace and broke. I just spent $595, full price, for it. I have never broken anything in a fit of anger since then.
Trudy loved bumper cars. She heard that the carnival was coming to her town. She saved her money so she could ride the bumper car ride. When she got to the carnival, the bumper car ride was out of order. Trudy spent her money on the ferris wheel instead.
Faith's older sister began taking dance lessons earlier this year. Faith was told she was too little to start dancing. However, her mom discovered that many girls her age were in the class. She decided to let Faith take lessons with her sister. Tomorrow is Faith's first dance class and she feels all grown up!
Jane bought her crush a birthday gift. She gave it to him on the last day of class. He was disappointed because he already had the same thing. Jane was really hurt. She cried over most of the winter break.
Fran woke up hungry. She decided she would make pancakes. She went into the kitchen. Fran took out all of the ingredients. She happily made pancakes.
Sal found a puppy alone in the woods. He carried it home carefully. Then he bottle-fed it cautiously. Soon it began to grow big and strong. Sal quickly had a big loyal pet dog!
Tom had lost quite a bit of weight. He thought about what he could do with his ill-fitting clothes. Tom called a local donation center. They said they'd love to take his clothing. Tom donated all of his big-sized clothes to the donation center.
John woke up one morning to his alarm clock. His alarm clock beeped loudly. It woke him up from his deep sound sleep. He immediately jumped up and put on his clothes. After getting dressed, he disabled his alarm clock.
After playing a few fair games, the kids decided to see the animals. Along the way, they passed a small building. It was a house of mirrors. They giggled at the funny reflections of themselves in the mirrors. Just pass the mirrors, they found the animal exhibits.
Len wanted to carve a really cool pumpkin. He planned to make it look like a werewolf face! But as hard as he tried, he couldn't get it to look right. Finally he just carved two eyes, a nose and a mouth. At least it was a little scary looking.
I went to the beach today. As a result of laying in the sun, I started to burn. My body ended up hurting the rest of the day. Then I took Advil. Thankfully the pain ended up stopping.
There was a big old tree in Jane's backyard. The tree scared Jane since there was branch close to the roof. A month later the branch fell onto the house. Jane was happy when her husband informed her there was no damage. Jane decided the sick old tree had to go.
Amy had a terrible headache. After two days she went to the doctor. The doctor did a brain scan. He found out Amy had an aneurysm. The doctor was able to save her life.
Fred has been thinking all day that he needed to do something. However, he can't remember what he needed to do. He checks his to do list, but everything is already done. Finally Fred remembers that he needed to water the plants. Fred is glad he remembered what he needed to do.
Tony's car had started using water. He discovered his radiator had a small hole in it. His girlfriend suggested he buy another immediately. Although he could afford to, Tony chose not to. On his way home from work,Tony's engine ran hot and overheated.
A man went to a cat lot to test drive a car. The salesman took him out in a station wagon. The car ran out of gas a few miles from the lot. The man saw that there was a leak in the gas tank. He told the salesman he was not interested.
Amy was excited about starting at a new middle school . Her new school had a uniform requirement. She went online to Amazon to buy her uniforms. She got everything she needed on that site. She was pleased to begin the school year well prepared.
Terry worked hard every day in the mine. He hated it, but needed it at the same time. The old mine was the only thing keeping the town afloat. Without the mine, Terry couldn't provide for his family. It was a tough life, but Terry knew deep down that the mine was needed.
Edwin prepared to ace the course exam. He spent the whole semester doing nothing but studying. He eschewed everything not related to learning, until the day arrived. He confidently set out to the building where the test would be given. Edwin's goal to pass the exam was thwarted by ice and a broken spine.
I was a good but curious kid growing up. I earned pocket change doing errands for my neighbors. Once I visited the A&P to buy detergent for our tenant. While there I thought I could steal a gallon of bubble bath. I was barred from the store because the security guard busted me.
Bob had mountains of dirty laundry to clean. Starting to wash his laundry, he overfilled the washer and broke it. Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer. Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive. Frustrated, Bob gave up and called a laundry service.
Jackie called Amelia's cell phone. Amelia did not answer. Jackie left a voicemail asking Amelia to call her immediately. Ten minutes later, Amelia called Jackie back. Jackie didn't answer.
Emily was new to hot yoga. Luckily she went with friends. Her friend, Beth, showed her how to do all the poses. The teacher was impressed with her flexibility. Emily is sure she will continue her hot yoga class.
There's a new place we went to this week. It serves snowballs instead of snowcones. I ordered the wedding cake flavor because it's my favorite. I ate the entire thing in a size medium. It was way bigger than I expected.
Hannah went to meet her boyfriend. She had to take 2 trains. Her boyfriend picked her up. He took her to the mall. Hannah went back home after.
Jenny and her friends were bored. They drove out to the mall to walk around. They walked through some stores and tried on clothes. They found a lot of cute things. The girls were happy they'd spent their day together.
Marsha washed the newly bought red shirt in with other laundry. The shirt stained all white clothes in the wash. Her husband told Marsha not to worry about the pink underwear. He said he was man enough to wear it indoors. Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening.
Tom had worked hard his entire life to win a world title. His first defense was against a worthy foe. His opponent got titles as a hobby. The fight was pretty close. Unfortunately Tom's opponent collected another title.
Allie wanted to sell her games. She went to the local game store. Unfortunately they gave her one dollar each. Allie was kind of upset. She thought it was a rip off.
Roy was playing basketball with his friends in the park. The game was very close and almost over. Roy had the ball and took a very long shot. The ball flew through the air towards the hoop. The ball hit the rim and bounced out of bounds to end the game.
Tony got his first cell phone. He had never used any electronics. He had no idea how to use it. He went to a class on how to use it. He learned so much his friends asked him for advice.
The Yankees have not given up yet. They traded away some key players and let A-Rod retire. It looked as if they were playing for next season. However, with a month left, the Yanks are a game out of the wildcard. They are still in the playoff hunt.
A little boy went to the fair by himself. He saw a goldfish as a prize and wanted to win it. He had to throw a ball and knock down some cups. With one mighty throw, he knocked them all down! The goldfish was his and he was very happy.
We had moved to Florida. I had never seen a squirrel before. One day while outside one jumped right on me. I almost had a heart attack. It ran away after I screamed.
Sandy went to the doctor last week. Sandy was told that she would need to cut back on her sugar intake. Sandy decided to try some alternative sugar free products. Sandy discovered that they were not that bad. Sandy decided to adopt a Sugar Free diet.
Gina kindly reminded her brother to cut the grass. He didn't like being told what to do. But her parents would be home in an hour. It needed to be done before then. If the grass wasn't cut by then, he would claim she never told him.
Sally loved to craft leather. One day she tried to craft a pair of shoes. A man came into her workshop and was amazed with them. He offered her a job as a professional shoe designer! She accepted and has been making the latest shoe designs!
Tim was hungry so he looked around for food. He couldn't find anything, so he decided to order a pizza. After calling, he had to wait a while, so he relaxed. When the pizza arrived, the delivery guy accidentally dropped it. Tim had to wait an extra half an hour for a new pizza to arrive.
Eric asked his parents for a bike but they couldn't afford one. He didn't know how to ride one but he still wanted one. So he started to save some money to buy his own bike. One day his neighbor put an old rusted bike out with his trash. Eric got excited and took the rusted bike home,and now he has a bike.
Leticia was vacuuming her room. She heard a sound as an object was sucked into the vacuum. She realized it was her wedding ring. Leticia tried to pry open the vacuum to retrieve it. She accidentally turned it on and it sucked up her hand.
Drew had a spelling test on Friday. He was a very good student. He studied all of his spelling words. He passed the test. His teacher was very proud.
Fred was making spaghetti. He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened. Tons of noodles began pouring out of the box. Fred tried his best to clean up all of the noodles. Still, for weeks after he kept finding noodles all over.
Tom and Sally went to the beach. They had fun in the sun. Tom decided to build a sand castle. Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle. Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally.
My friends and I decided to play Monopoly. It was a close game. We got into a few minor arguments. Eventually I won Unfortunately nobody else agreed.
Pamela was thrilled that her cousins were coming for a visit. She went to the airport to meet their flight. Her two cousins arrived and Pamela hugged them tightly. They continued hugging and smiling as they grabbed the luggage. In the car, the cousins happily planned the week's activities.
The soldiers moved into position. A bullet flew over their heads. The soldiers found cover. They identified the direction of the gunshot. They returned fire.
Hank wanted to buy his wife something special. He got her an ostrich print purse. She opened it and was speechless. She didn't like the idea of an ostrich being harmed. Hank said he would return it.
I didn't know what to make for dinner last night. There weren't many options in the refrigerator. I wound up ordering Chinese food instead. It didn't solve the refrigerator problem. At least I'm full now.
Kate bought a new bike. She went bike riding. Kate went down a huge hill. Kate lost control of her bike. She fell off the bike damaging it in the process.
Rosie comes home late from a party and goes straight to bed. She forgot to take out her contact lenses. Rosie wakes up with very dry and painful eyes. Even after removing her contacts, her eyes are still irritated. She learns her lesson and vows never to neglect her eyes again.
The man ordered the beer. The beer tasted flat. He asked the waiter for a different beer. The waiter charged him for the flat beer. The man complained to management.
I bought tickets to see a musical six months in advance. When we got to the theater I realized I forgot the tickets at home. There would not be enough time to go back to get them. I nearly started crying as we asked will call what we could do. I was so grateful they let us in after confirming my identification.
Mark was staying in a hotel down the shore. After two days of partying, he slept for hours and hours. By the time he woke, his options for takeout food were few. He walked the boardwalk, in search of an open restaurant. In the end, he had to make do with chips and soda from a mini-mart.
Jenny was crying when she came home from school today. Her brother Jamie asked her why she was crying. Jenny said she left her textbook at school. Jamie called the school and found it to be open. Jamie ran to the school and retrieved her textbook.
Tom was having trouble in his algebra class. He tried hard, but kept falling further and further behind. Finally, he told his parents and they arranged for a tutor. Tom started doing much better, thanks to the extra help. He even became good friends with the kid tutoring him.
In the beginning of summer Heather planted some vegetable plants. Her sons helped her build her garden by doing all the hard labor. They couldn't wait to see what the plants would give them. They waited all summer long for the vegetables to grow. Finally they grew, they had fresh cucumbers, and such to eat.
Corrin had terrible bellyaches. She loved eating greasy cheeseburgers and corn dogs. She took her mom's advice, and got some veggies and fruit. Soon enough, her bellyaches quit and she was regular. She never touched another greasy burger again.
Mark bought an expensive computer. Unfortunately, it was broken within weeks. Mark wrote an angry review online. The computer contacted Mark, offering him a replacement computer. Mark was impressed with their good service.
Zeek was considering playing a sport in high school. He tried out for the high school wrestling team. He made the team. He had a lot of fun at the practices and meets. He learned a lot of valuable self defense skills.
The bowling alley was very crowded one night. The team called Rolling Thunder was supposed to be on lane 6. The owner of the alley accidentally gave it to another team. He went over to the captain of the team to tell him. The captain got his team to move over a lane.
Tyler and his friends are in a fraternity. The fraternity purchased a house in the mountains for the weekend. Tyler and his friends traveled to the house in the mountains. Tyler and his friends got so drunk they forgot what happened. Everyone went home not knowing what had happened.
Jeff had a solo musical act in his hometown. He would play his guitar at small cafes and make a modest living. One day a man said he liked Jeff's act and wanted to make him a star. Jeff considered the man's offer. He decided he was already happy making music in his hometown.
Barry was at the grocery store. And he decided on six items he would buy. But he changed his mind and put half of the items back. And he spent twenty minutes looking for other things to buy. In the end, however, Barry decided to buy the initial six items.
Amy applied for a job at Bath and Body works. She called the store to find out about her application. The lady on the phone told Amy to come in to speak with the manager. Amy went in and spoke with the store manager. Amy was happy when the manager told her she could start next week.
Jacob has been single forever. He goes to look for  girl online. He finds a girl from the website. He meets up with her at a restaurant. The two fall in love and become a couple.
Up until this point, John spent most of his adult life single. He has always made an effort to meet new people. However, he was never confident in the people he meets. Until one day, John's friend Eric introduced him to Tanya. Tanya was the best thing that has ever happened to him.
Mike had to find someone to bring to the dance. He was a geeky guy who loved video games and rarely socialized. Not many people liked him, let alone even knew that he existed. He mustered up the courage and asked around. When he finally gave up, Lucy came up to him and asked him to go.
Wando just retired from her job of thirty Year's! Her and her husband are going to travel the world She has all these big plans for the rest of her life. She took today off though just to sit and reflect on her life. Wanda was extremely thankful and was looking forward to retirement.
Darcy ran very slowly. The other children at her school made fun of her because she was slow. She complained to her mother about her problem. Her mother bought her fancy running shoes. Now the children laugh at her new shoes.
Katryn and Stephanie invited Mary for a sleepover. All three of them had a great time laughing and talking about boys. When it was time for bed Katryn and Stephanie wouldn't settle down. It made Mary very angry because she had to get up early the next day. Finally, Mary called her Dad who picked her up at 2 AM.
Ryan and Mel decided to declare their love for one another. They went shopping one day and stopped at a quaint jewelry store. Mel picked out the most beautiful ring. Ryan got on his knees at that moment and asked her to be his wife. Mel accepted his offer and left with her new fiance.
I decided to go on a camping trip with friends. I wanted to become one with nature. After an hour, I had 13 bug bites on my leg. Also, a squirrel at all of my food. I then decided that I would get along with nature just fine at home.
John was having spiders and centipede invade his home. John was terrified of them. John chose to face his fear and realized he wanted to get rid of them. John bought insect spray and sprayed it around his house. He saw many dead creatures and saw less of them in his household.
Emily and Sam decided to have a movie night. Sam was in charge of the snacks. Emily was in charge of picking the movie. They got together in the living room. They enjoyed watching the movie and eating the snacks.
Sam's school was having a canned food drive. Sam's mom said they couldn't spare any food right now. Sam remembered there were old cans of food in the basement. He dug out some dusty cans with expired dates. Sam put his cans in the food barrel before anyone could check them.
The new company went public. They announced new shares. I bought some. I was happy to be invested. I made 10 percent.
I  tried to make pizza today. When I went to put it in the oven, I dropped it. The toppings got everywhere. I cleaned it up. Instead of trying again, I ordered pizza instead.
Jenny had saved and saved and saved. She could finally afford the designer dress she'd pined for. It fit her perfectly. Three days later, the dress was seventy-five percent off. Jenny's happiness faded quickly.
I put a self adhesive hook up on the wall near my desk at home. I put a back scratcher and a shoehorn up. I then put on a thin jacket. The hook came tumbling down. I am buying a nail hook tomorrow.
Alicia didn't do well her first semester of math. The second didn't go well either. In her third year she prepared the summer before. She did a lot of studying. She got A's both semesters of Algebra II.
Abelina wasn't sure if she wanted to do anything this weekend. Her best friend called her Saturday night. She asked Abelina to take a trip to New York City. Abelina thought it was a great idea. They had an amazing time in the city.
Anna rented a kayak at the lake. It sounded like a fun experience. But she soon found that it was not very fun at all! Her arms burned from the intense workout. Anna realized kayaking was best left to more muscular people!
Mike liked to host cookouts at his house. He was famous for his barbecue. He cleaned out his freezer and was unable to recognize some things. He cooked it all anyway, serving it to his guests. It tasted alright but made a lot of people sick.
Tommy owned a scooter. Tommy rode his scooter to the park. A bully stole his scooter. Tommy's older brother went to the bully's house. Tommy got his scooter back.
Jim's favorite soup is chicken soup. It's the only kind of soup he will eat. One day Jim tries tomato soup. Tomato soup becomes Jim's new favorite soup. Jim decides to try new things more often.
Ollie was giving his dog a bath. He noticed there were sores on his dog's belly. Ollie dried off the dog. He applied an ointment to the sores. The dog's sores got better.
It was Christmas morning and they were going to the next safari lodge. The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals. Mountains in the distance were covered in storm clouds. The rainy started to wash down the mountains and to the gravel road. The road was washed away and took the truck with it.
Tammy woke up one morning before school. She needed to put on her eye makeup but she had some type of sore. She tried several times but couldn't put on her eye makeup. Instead she decided to go to school without it. She ended up loving it and adopted it as her permanent look.
Robert had been watching Netflix all weekend. He stood up for a moment and felt a sharp pain in his legs. He had spent too much time sitting down. Robert limped around the room trying to stretch. His wife came in and started laughing at him.
Harry received a letter of acceptance to a good boarding school. A school representative delivered it to him personally. This representative offered to help him purchase his school shopping. Harry and he went shopping together for school supplies. Harry received instructions from him about transportation to school.
I was at the mall. And I wanted to eat sushi at a Japanese restaurant. Because of time issues, I ordered it to go. I was told there would be 8 pieces of sushi. But when I opened the container later, there were 5 tiny pieces.
Louise wanted to get some chocolate cake. She checked her fridge. She realized she had hardly any left. There was one piece. Louise immediately grabbed it and ate it.
Ian was playing basketball. And he was dribbling the ball down the court. But someone stopped on his shoelaces. And Ian tripped. Ian remembered to keep his shoelaces tied the next time.
Peter was skating around town. Suddenly he felt a crack. His board had snapped down the middle. He had to walk the broken board home. Luckily his board was able to be fixed within a few weeks.
Rufus has always wanted to try to skateboard. He saved up his allowance until he had almost enough money for one. His father gave him the extra money he needed. He took his new skateboard to the local park to try it out. Rufus was so happy to finally be riding a skateboard.
Our niece had day surgery last week. She had some skin tumors removed. She had a biopsy months ago and just had the procedure done. We sent her get well flowers. She emailed a thank you note.
I had to rescue my cat from the tree. Since he was all the way on the top, I had to use a ladder. After climbing several steps, I held him. A few seconds later, the ladder slipped from the ground. I ended up landing on the ground, injured.
Jenny rode her bicycle around town. She was trying to go to her friends house. A twig ended up getting caught in her wheel. The bike stopped and Jenny flew out of it. She scratched her knee.
Naveet was very good at school. He would always get the highest grades in the class. When his exams came around, he didn't do as well as he'd hoped. His family were very strict, and he was extremely scared to tell them. He told them, but to his surprise they were very supportive.
Lucy awoke and jumped out of bed. It was Independence Day and she was excited. She ran and asked her grandma if they could go see fireworks. Grandma reminded her that wouldn't be for hours. Lucy decided to play to pass the time.
When Doyle turned 18 his dad bought him his first gun. They picked out an affordable shotgun from the local store. They went over gun safety and the importance of respect. Doyle used it in practice often. One day his dad snuck up on him and got shot in the chest.
Cathy had dark black hair, but wanted to go blonde. Cathy decided she would try coloring her hair at home. Cathy went to her local drugstore, and purchased the hair color. After applying the color, Cathy rinsed out her hair. Cathy was shocked to see that her hair turned light red!
Adam and his girlfriend have been together for 5 years. Lately Adam just isn't feeling like he wants to be with her anymore. One evening he takes his girlfriend out. While eating he tells her it's best if they don't date anymore. Adam tells her it's been fun but it.
Jim bought a movie ticket. He watched the movie he bought a ticket for. He went to a showing for a different movie in the theater. One of the staff shined a flashlight in his direction. The person next to him was illegally filming the movie!
Maya went shopping. She loaded her groceries into the checkout lane. Then she scanned her store loyalty card. With the card, Maya saved over ten dollars! She was glad she had a loyalty card!
Ryan had a project. He had to go into detail about a topic. The topic was about his favorite food. He finished it and presented it the next day. Everyone loved his food choice and he got a good grade.
Alex was at a house party. Suddenly, the cops arrived. They found drugs on him so they arrested him. He had to go to Juvie. He really hated it and was happy when he was able to go.
Sam was a mixed martial artist. He had a big fight for the title. In the middle of it he broke his arm. Sam didn't tell anyone. He went on to win the match with one arm.
The metal rusted. Nobody did anything about it. One day the part broke. It hurt somebody. The insurance company blamed it on negligence.
Once there was a lady who loved kitchen appliances. She had an appliance to make any conceivable task easier. But she had so many, her cabinets were stuffed full. She could never access any appliance she needed! The foolish cook had to do every single task the hard way!
Marcus feels hungry after working all morning. He wants to eat some lunch. However, at first, he cannot decide what to eat. Finally, he decides to make a turkey sandwich with avocado. After eating the sandwich, Marcus begins working again.
When Sam retires he sells his successful pizza shop. The new owner starts making changes immediately. He decreases toppings and increases prices. He starts to hemorrhage regular customers. By the time he fixes the problems he created it's too late.
Mary was in big trouble. She had robbed a gas station. She got put in jail. She sat there for days until she was bailed out. Mary had to report to the courthouse for her trial.
Tom loved being outdoors. He went hiking one afternoon. He saw a giant lizard. He decided to catch the lizard and bring it home as a pet. He now loves his pet lizard.
George wanted the headphones that all of his friends were wearing. However, they were three hundred dollars. George finally gave in and forked over the money for them. Upon using them, he realized that the headphones were low quality. George felt ripped off and returned the headphones.
Suzy loved spending summers with her cousin at a cabin. One summer, her cousin brought along a friend from school. Suzy felt left out as they gossiped about boys they knew. During the night, Suzy tossed the friend's clothes in the lake. Suzy felt guilty when the girls woke up and asked her to join them.
Amy was swimming in the pond with her friends. When she got out for lunch, she saw something odd. There was a thick black slug-like thing on her leg! Amy panicked and slapped at the leech spastically. It fell off, leaving a trail of blood down her leg!
We went into the woods to find our Christmas Tree. We found one and we cut it down with our ax. We put it on top of our car and drove it home. Mom made hot chocolate. We decorated our tree while listening to music.
James tried out of the weightlifting team at school. He did not make the team though. Coach said that he has to bench two hundred pounds to make the team. James spent the next year lifting weights and becoming stronger. The next year he tried out again and made the team.
Sara's phone broke. She discovered that the battery had broken. She tried some methods online, but none worked. Finally, she tried ordering a new battery online. The new battery didn't work, so she had to get rid of the phone.
Jenny bought a new car. It needed new tires right away. She picked the cheapest ones she could find. Just a few months later, they were ruined. Jenny decided to spend more next time around.
The delivery boy was riding across the street. He gave Mr Smith his daily newspaper. He also ran across a few more houses. When I came close to him, I waved hi. He responded by waving at me.
Dwight was out on his boat one day fishing. Despite clear weather reports, he sensed a storm approaching. Soon enough he was surrounded by heavy rain and high winds. Dwight battled for hours trying to keep his boat afloat. He finally made it to shore safely just as the storms were subsiding.
A student came into the computer lab. He sat down to do his work. He typed for hours on the keyboard. When he was finished, he printed out his work. Then, he took the work and went to class.
Henry is trying to launch a startup. He wants to start an independent videogame developer. However, he has no programming experience. Henry recruited some of his friends in computer science to help. We still have yet to see how it will pan out.
Larry sat on the porch. He yelled to his friend as he drove by. His friend sat on the porch with Larry. Larry's friend told him a great story. The story inspired Larry to mow the lawn.
Bill loved to hunt. Bill went hunting with his friend Bob. Bob shot one turkey. After that, Bill shot a deer. Bill and Bob went home happy.
Cameron was very smart but also very under stimulated. He played with his friends one night but won all the games. He solved some puzzles alone when he went home but it went too fast. He was so bored, his brain was hurting him. So he decided to look for smart people like him to share more.
Alan wanted to write a book. He wrote one about science. He found he really liked to write. He wrote two more books. They sold a lot of copies.
Ann and Bill needed some adventure in their lives. They decided to go to the local park and take a hike. They arrived at the park mid morning and had brunch. Their hike was full of wonderful sights like animals and flowers. Ann and Bill had a wonderful adventure.
Nia was getting ready to be a big sister again. He parents decided to keep the gender of the baby a surprise. Nia really wanted a baby sister. Delivery day came and Nia was very nervous. She became so relieved when the nurse announced the baby was a girl.
Roger is a lifeguard. He spends his day watching and protecting people on the beach. One day he hears a scream from the distance. He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning. He saves the person and brings them back to shore.
Sarah loves the winter. One of her favorite things about this time is the trees. She loves watching the snow pile on the branches. She stared out the window all winter. She is a peaceful person because of it.
My friend won tickets to a concert. She offered me the extra ticket. I gladly accepted it. We got there late because of traffic. We still had a great time.
Amanda had never flown before. She was excited and nervous to board the airplane. There was turbulence on the flight. She was scared that the plane would crash. She landed safely and had a great vacation.
For our anniversary, I got my wife a card. When she opened it, she was unimpressed. I got irritated and asked her what was wrong. She didn't say anything. In the kitchen I saw my gift on the counter: a new watch.
Georgia's mother really wanted fried eggs for her birthday. Georgia didn't know how to cook them but was willing to try. She tried a couple of methods that were clearly not right at all. On her third try she was close but not quite edible. Finally on her fourth try she produced the perfect egg for her mom.
Michael has liked alicia for years. He was always too scared to confess. One day when they went out to the movies, he confessed to her. She did not like him that way. They hardly talk now.
Timothy was knew in town. He needed a little extra cash in his pocket. He went to a popular corner in the city. He started playing his guitar there. Timothy was very good and the people loved his music.
Jolene was getting ready to demonstrate her science project. She poured vinegar into a large pot in front of the class. Then then put on goggles and told everyone to get ready. She poured baking soda into the pot and bubbles came spewing out. The whole class was surprised but Jolene wasn't.
Ann was shopping at the store. She was texting her husband about chores at home. Soon the two were arguing through the texts. She was so angry but then her phone died. By the time she made it home, both of them had calmed down.
Caitlyn was seeing a movie at the theater. She was really wrapped up in the film. Suddenly, the screen went black. A moment later, someone announced that the reel had broken. Her ticket was refunded and she didn't get to finish the movie.
Little Lucy loved birds and wanted to build a birdhouse. She and her dad went to buy the supplies needed to build one. They also bought birdseed to attract birds to the birdhouse. Many birds came to nest and eat at the birdhouse. Little Lucy was the happiest girl in town!
I collect press photos of Chinatowns. Last week I saw a photo of a store in Boston's Chinatown. I made an offer of $10. It was accepted. I got the photo a few days ago and was happy.
Rohit is very nervous about moving to Boston. It is his first time living in a big city. He decides to take a cooking class to begin meeting people. Rohit makes many friends through his cooking class. He decides there was no reason to feel nervous about Boston.
I love Chinese food and there is the best place next to my house. I order delivery almost every night and the prices are decent. I called today to place an order and I was told that they closed down. They recommended another Chinese place to me similar to them. I gave it a shot but it's not as good and it's more expensive.
Harry was a terrific salesman. He was the type of person that could sell ice cubes to Eskimos. One day he decided to open a furniture store. He developed a good reputation for quality and timely delivery. He expanded to stores across the region.
Clara was buying school supplies. School was going to start in a couple of weeks! She looked for a book bag at the mall. She found the perfect cheetah print bag. She bought it and put all her supplies in it.
Jill's family moved to a new town. She was sad to leave all of her friends. One Saturday, a month later, she heard a knock at her door. It was her best friend, Milo. She was so happy that she gave him a huge hug.
Tom was trying to get in shape. He created a daily workout for himself. Tom was able to stick to it for half a year. He felt a huge difference. All his friends complimented his better looks.
I got one of the best kitties I've ever had at the Humane Shelter. We picked her out and named her TaiShan. She was spayed and we picked her up three days later. When I got to the shelter, they handed me a boy cat named Charles! I immediately pointed to my TaiShan and grabbed her.
I went to the ice cream parlor to get a frozen treat. The girl behind the counter asked me what I wanted to try. Of the thirty flavors they had, I picked ten to try. I concluded that I like rum raisin the best of the ten. I decided to have two scoops of rum raisin in a cone.
Dana drives a convertible. It was winter and she noticed a tear. She wasn't able to get it fixed before going to work. The entire drive there was cold. When she got out it had rained and the car was soaked.
Georgia was a strange old woman who lived down the street. She loved to wear big fancy hats and long white gloves to church. All the ladies laughed at her behind her back. They didn't know her like I did. They never visited to hear her stories or share her lemon cookies.
The teacher assigned an in-class project. We were grouped in teams before beginning. No one ended up finishing in a hour. The teacher gave us the rest if the class to finish the work. After 2-3 hours, some groups submitted their work.
Carrie hated the thought of going to the blood lab. But she knew that she needed to get her blood drawn. Getting blood drawn would tell the doctors how sick she was. So first thing in the morning she got went to get her blood drawn. Once it was done it was not even that bad and she made it through it.
Josh just had a check in his hand. He walked in the house from his truck. He thought he put it on the table. He looked back in his truck. The check was laying on the ground.
Ann laid in the grass idly. She began to pluck daisies. Then she braided them into a long rope. She fastened the edges together. She had made a lovely daisy chain!
The camp counselors told the children they needed to make noise. The noise attracted the snipes. The group of campers trudged through the woods yelling and clapping. They hiked for hours being noisy. They never spotted a snipe.
I decided to make cute treats. I put teddy grahams inside snickers bars. Then I added little candy wheels to the sides. I used pretzels for steering wheels. I gave them to the kids, and they loved them.
Barry was in his living room, when he heard a noise. Barry noticed a baseball had broken his window in his house. Barry rushed outside to see where the ball came from. Barry noticed the a group of boys playing on the nearby field. Barry returned the ball, and attempted to repair his window.
Seth is on vacation in Las Vegas. He decides to go to the casino. He tries his hand in playing some slots. He puts his money into the machine and plays. Seth wins the big prize from the slot machine.
Susan always texted on her phone. She would not watch where she was going. She would sometimes run into things. She walked out into traffic while on her phone. She got hit by a car.
I had been a Packers fan all my life. I had never seen a game in person though. My dad and I got free tickets. We sat in our seat on a cold October morning. The Packers beat the Rams.
Aaron was having a birthday party. All his friends were there. He was showing off and he took water balloon as far as he could. His balloon went over his neighbor's fence and hit one of their emus. Aaron feels terrible to this day because he broke the emu's neck.
John cut down trees for a living. While cutting down a tree a large limb fell onto his leg. John screamed in pain, alerting nearby homeowners. John was taken to the hospital by an ambulance. John now walks with a limb, but continues to cut trees.
Tom had a crush on a girl. He was too shy to be direct. He told her he had a question for her. She knew what he was going to ask. She turned Tom down gently before he could ask.
Gary had been hunting the deer down for hours. It was especially hard because of the freezing cold. He was close and could see the animal within shooting distance. He got it in its sights and pulled the trigger. Gary felt a sense of warmth at that moment that kept him feeling alive
Sally wanted to give her Mom something special for her birthday. She did not have any money to buy anything. Sally had to make something for her instead. She got her beads and string out and went to work. Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom's birthday.
Tim was at the library. He was trying to read and relax. There were some loud kids playing near him. Luckily the librarian told them to quiet down. Tim was thankful and returned to reading.
Jason lived in a small town in the carolina's. He met a girl on the internet who lived in California. Jason decided this was his true love. He picked up his bags and moved to California. Now they have a beautiful family together.
The Smith family likes to make pizzas together on Fridays. Usually, the parents will buy the ingredients in advance. They all get together and pile on their desired toppings. The Smith daughters tend to choose more veggies than the sons. Overall, this pizza making tradition has brought the family closer.
Josh worked from home. Unfortunately he could never concentrate. He would spend most of his time surfing facebook. Or reading articles online. Eventually he had to change his work habits.
Lily needed to change her baby's diaper. She went to grab one and saw that they were out. Lily didn't have any money but needed diapers. She decided to ask around town. Luckily, her neighbor was able to lend her some.
Jess was writing music. But she kept complaining that she wasn't writing anything original. She kept stopping and rewriting songs. But she was never as original as she wanted to be. Jess ended up never finishing a song.
Luther the puppy ate lots of grass in the yard. His stomach began gurgling shortly afterward. Luther felt bloated and sick. Luther barfed grass all over the kitchen floor. Luther learned not to eat grass again.
Tina loved shopping for shoes. So she asked her boyfriend to take her to the mall. Tina went to store after store to buy various pairs of shoes. And soon, her boyfriend could no longer pretend to be interested. They had a big argument inside a store and never saw each other again.
Ben went to a restaurant to order food. He was pretty rude to the waiter. For example, he accidentally dropped his soda on the ground. The waiter tried to pick it up. However, she poured the rest on Ben's head.
Bill had relocated to a new town, and needed to find a gym. Bill decided he would look online to find gyms near his house. Bill found several, however, they were expensive. Bill then saw a commercial for a new gym near his job. After visiting, Bill became a proud member of the gym.
Andy felt sick while at work. He started running fever. He got queasy. He went to the doctor. His diagnosis was the stomach flu and no work for a week!
Josh had been working on building a home for a month now. He had all the plans drawn out and the measurements all taken. Now all that was left was simply hiring someone to do the job for him. He looked in the papers and online for the best person to do the job. Once he had someone in mind he called them and set up an appointment.
Sean learns how to use his laptop. He becomes obsessed with modifying games. Now he never leaves his house. The computer eventually dies. Without the computer, Sean sees life in a new light.
Sally liked Joe, but was very shy. Sally would flirt with Joe in class. Joe would flirt with Sally. Joe passed Sally a note asking if he could kiss her. Sally agreed and Joe gave her a kiss.
When our kids we young we drove up to NH  on vacation. We went to North Conway. We went up the highway. We drove through the long, winding Kancamagus Highway. The drive was scenic but the kids got very bored.
Tim was in a new city. He was trying to find his hotel. The GPS took him through a rough neighborhood. Tim saw shady people and was really scared. He drove through as fast as he could.
I went for a haircut two weeks ago. It was my first time going to this barber. I described the style I was looking for to the barber. He ended up cutting off far more hair than I had asked for. I won't be going back to that barber shop!
The man considered his purpose. He decided he didn't have one. He made decision not to do anything. He became very poor. He lost his house.
Alice pooted her diaper. Her daddy was busy. So he didn't change it. Alice's mom found out. She got awfully mad at Alice's daddy!
Karen had just qualified as a social worker. She applied for a job she didn't think she would get. Within the week she was called in for interview. She was very nervous but answered all the questions that were asked. Karen was over the moon when she got the job she had always wanted!
Susie's dad got a new job. It was in England. So the family picked up and moved. She thought she would like it. But she ended up hating it.
Maude baked a file into the cake. She took it to her brother, who was serving a term for burglary. The guards didn't even check it! He escaped thanks to Maude's gift. She wasn't so lucky, since they nabbed her for aiding and abetting.
When I was three years old, I had a cabbage patch hot wheels. I rode it up and down the street alone every day. One day, I rode it all the way to the end of the road. A man in a truck almost hit me, so he pulled over and took me home. When he got to my house, he yelled at my aunt for not watching me.
Jamie was the most popular boy at school. Until Josh arrived. Josh seemed cooler, and had more of an urban vibe than Jamie. Everyone respected him. Jamie pretended not to care, but deep down it really bothered him.
Lucy and Rick bought a house for a good price. The house needed a lot of work. Rick was very handy and Lucy loved to help. They worked on the house many hours for months. Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit.
Nicole decided to kiss another man behind her boyfriend's back. One night she snuck outside the bar to meet her lover. The second Nicole's lover gave her a kiss her boyfriend drove by. Nicole's boyfriend squealed into the parking lot in front of the two. The boyfriend broke up with Nicole on the spot.
I had a red bicycle when I was younger. One day, I decided to ride my bike as fast as I could down the road. I started to brake, but my wheels started to skid. I quickly regained control of the bike so that I wouldn't fall off ! Once I stopped, I knew that I would never try that again.
Paris liked insects. Bees were her favorite. She had a beehive in her backyard. She took very good care of her bees so they would make honey. She collected the honey and sold it to her friends.
Bret really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie. Unfortunately, he was grounded. He waited until his parents were asleep and snuck out. He made a bit too much noise and woke his dad up. Bret got grounded for even longer.
Larry took archery classes at summer camp. He enjoyed it so much that he bought a bow. He became proficient at target shooting after a few months. Larry decided that he liked the challenge of bowhunting. On his first hunt, Larry bagged a wild javelina.
Tom didn't trust his girlfriend. It caused problems in their relationship. They tried to work it out but it didn't work. Tom decided to break up with her. It was messy but for the best.
Dan was not very coordinated. He was clumsy and not given to dancing well. He took classes to prepare for a friend's wedding. He still didn't feel he had improved much. At the wedding, he stepped on several women's feet and had to sit out.
Barry was feeling a bit ill. He had drank too much coffee this morning. He started to sweat profusely. He had to lie down for a few minutes. He eventually felt better after drinking some water.
It had been raining all week. Finally there was one sunny day. Tom decided to drive his convertible. Within a few minutes it started to rain again. Tom drove home immediately.
Lisa was playing her tuba one afternoon. From afar, she heard someone repeating the notes she played. She wandered outside to find the sound. That's when she met Floyd, her neighbor and fellow musician. Floyd and Lisa became friends, and played music together that night.
Ivan was playing an educational computer game. In the game, his character was born in a third world country. And he struggled with health problems and crime. Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing. But he learned about problems in other parts of the world.
Elliot was planning on hosting a houseparty. He was considering making it a theme party. He was selecting music for the party. He found great 80's music. He decided to make his party an 80's dance party.
Matthew often had nightmares. Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone. After one nightmare, he decided to climb into his parent's bed. He snuggled up next to his mom. He slept soundly the rest of the night.
Gale was frustrated by her lack of crayons. She had many nubs but few full sized crayons. She decided to melt down her small crayons into one big one. The crayon was so big she could hardly lift it. She named it the Ultimate Crayon Creation and used it sparingly.
Robbie just joined a new band. In order to impress the members, he's been soloing a lot. Robbie seems like a great guitarist to the new members. They embrace Robbie. They record a record together.
I went to the cell phone store where the line was outrageous. The greeter told me it'd be a 2 hour wait which was crazy! Eventually I waited 30 minutes before a manager came out. The manager said that he would be giving everyone a $100 credit. I ended up getting helped and an extra credit on my bill!
I got a new job last year. The job required me to move across the country. I was very nervous about going to a new place. When I got to my new place I was relieved. It wasn't as bad as I had thought.
My roommate's birthday was recently. His wife cooked his favorite meal and a nice cake. I gave him a present I had made myself. He was very grateful for all of it. It was a great birthday.
Tom was set to go away for the first time in his life. He had packed his suitcase to go study abroad in London. Tom's parent were in tears as they hugged Tom. Tom stood there, also teary eyed, hugging his parents. Finally, Tom left to go catch a flight at the airport.
Ken was cooking bacon one morning. He wasn't paying attention and grease was flying everywhere. Ken accidentally caught some paper towels on fire. He tried pouring water over it but it only made things worse. Ken had to run out and wait for the firefighters to arrive.
Doug came home from school one afternoon. When he opened the door he could smell sweet smelling cookies. He snuck into the kitchen. Then Doug grabbed a handful of cookies and ran to his room. His mother just laughed and called him her little cookie monster.
Henry started walking his neighbor's dog twice a day. His other neighbors saw him walking the dog. They all asked if he could walk their dogs too. He obliged and now walks three to four dogs, twice a day. Henry has never been happier to get paid for walking happy dogs.
Pat was hoping for a snow day for school. It was snowing all day and night for the past two days. The next morning he waited for any reports on the news. He saw his school had closed on the latest report. Pat stayed home and made snowmen that day.
Oliver had a pet fish. He noticed that one fish seemed almost pregnant. One day, little baby fish appeared in the tank. His fish had had babies! Oliver named all of the fish and loved them all.
Cathy was trying to take care of her toddler. She had given him a plate of food but he wouldn't take a single bite. She tried to get him to take a bite but he refused. Nothing she offered was interesting to him. She decided to give up but luckily he ate shortly after.
Michelle is walking home from the club. While walking she feels someone grab her arm. They turn her around and point a gun at her. They demanded her purse. She gives them her purse and is robbed.
John asked Tom to be his best man. They met in grade school. They spent the rest of their school years together. They were always together. They are best friends.
Tim needed a new TV. He went to the mall. He shopped until he found the perfect TV. Then he took it home and set it up. Tim loved his new TV!
I went to Tulsa with a friend I met online. He let me live with him at a friend's apartment. We celebrated the year 2000 by getting drunk. That night I received a phone call. I was told my father had died.
I flew to Florida last week. I was going to see some relatives. I wanted to give them flowers. But I couldn't find any florists. So I had to just go to the local grocery store.
A baseball team had a game scheduled for Easter Sunday. The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game. The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable. He took out the rulebook and checked. Since there was no rule against it he allowed it.
Mandy warned her boyfriend, Dave, that she hated surprise parties. Dave thought she was sending him a message in code. He was confident she was hinting that she desired such a birthday. He went to great effort to throw her an elaborate surprise party. Initially angry, Mandy calmed down when she saw how hard he'd worked.
Sally was looking through her wardrobe one day and saw a shirt. It was a shirt she liked, so she put it on. Sally saw she was late to work, so she rushed out. At work, everyone started laughing at her. She looked down and realized the shirt had holes in it.
Kane looked at the towering buildings over him. The streets were full of life and activity. He had never been in a big city before. Kane  checked into his hotel and soaked it all in. It was the start of a new adventure.
There was a new teacher teaching music class at school. Gina liked the new teacher. But she liked the old one better. The old one was out for the rest of the year sick. After 2 months Gina had forgotten about the sick teacher.
Stanley has been looking for a job for a long time. Finally a company invites him to interview. Stanley feels nervous. In the end, they give him the job. Stanley is glad that he finally has a job.
Jon took Melissa on a special date. He did not tell her where. He whisked her off into a limo. When she got in her mom was also there. They went to her favorite concert.
The neighbor's dog waddled up to me. She was very tiny, and I almost didn't see her. I was shocked to see that she had given birth. I asked my husband how she could have carried pups. He thought she was adorable too.
Jesse was very concerned with her appearance. She wanted to be beautiful like models. She decided to wear a fake mole. She place it near her mouth. She felt it gave her an exotic look.
Ben rolled five strikes in a row at the bowling alley. He felt that his ball was extra lucky that day. When he threw his sixth strike the ball got stuck. The workers could not get the back back for Ben. He has to use a different ball and didn't get a strike.
Alexis had cut down a Christmas tree in the woods. She brought it home and realized it was too tall. Instead, she set it on it's side. Then, she sawed off the bottom of the tree. When she put it up, it was the right size for her ceiling.
Dylan had recently moved onto a farm. He had arranged everything he would need to begin his own farming. Still he felt like something was missing. Then he realized that he didn't have any farm dogs. In no time, he had six happy dogs running around his property.
Oscar spent the day at the beach with his friends. They surfed and played volleyball for several hours. No one remembered to bring sunscreen. Oscar got a painful sunburn all over his upper body. He vowed never to come to the beach without sunscreen again.
Nancy ate a cold cut sandwich that her mom gave her. A few hours later, her stomach started to growl. She was whining and her mom had to take her to the emergency room. The doctor took a look at her condition. She said that Nancy simply had a lot of gas.
Elaine saw on the news that it was going to be a sunny day. So she threw on some shorts and a tank top before leaving home. Within one hour of being out it started to snow. She didn't have anything to keep her warm. Elaine swore she'd never trust a weatherman again.
Tim had big plans for his day off. He had a lot of chores to catch up on. In the morning Tim was unable to get out of bed. He slept in late. Tim spent most of the day sleeping instead of doing chores.
Colleen was making fun of Cara at school in the hallway. Cara just got a haircut and Colleen didn't like it. Colleen was trying to embarrass Cars in front of everyone. Suddenly Colleen slipped and fell and everyone laughed at her. Colleen learned her lesson not to make fun of anyone.
Joe was listening to a CD. The CD began to skip. He took the CD out of the CD player. Joe looked at the CD. He realized it was scratched.
Jennie had been working all summer and after school. She was determined to buy a new school. She had been saving everything she made. She finally had enough money for a car. Jennie was excited when she was able to buy a car.
Alice loved challenging herself to do new things. Alice recently decided to challenge herself to learn to crochet. After researching, Alice purchased all the necessary equipment. At first, Alice was not really good, and wanted to give up. Alice was glad she pushed herself to continue to learn to crochet.
Sheena went camping for the first time. She went with all of her friends, who camped many times. She planned carefully and was well prepared. When she got there she found out they had electricity. She didn't think camping would be like that.
Joey bought a brand new PC. It only had an operating system installed. Joey spent the day getting lots of programs for his new computer. Unfortunately he forgot to get an antivirus program. Joey had to wipe his computer clean several days later due to a virus.
Julie moved away from home to go to college. She came back home every weekend to see her boyfriend. They missed each other very much when she was away. She dropped out of the college away from home. She enrolled in the local university instead.
My sister-in-law has one cable box. She used a signal splitter to send a cable to a second tv. She had a recent building inspection. The manager said she was stealing cable but would not report it. She was thankful.
Went over to my sister's house to visit. My sister let her dog out of the cage to walk around the house. After five minutes I now know why this dog was locked in the cage. The dog bit me, jumped on me and has the most annoying loud bark. This dog caused me to make the visit short.
Emily was at the grocery store late one night. She was surprised at how empty everything was. She didn't really like people so this was her ideal. From then on she decided to do her shopping at that time. She was much happier and faster too.
Kevin wanted to learn how to skateboard. He bought a used board from a friend. He then took lessons at the skate park on the weekends. After a few months he was able to ride down the sidewalk. After a year Kevin was able to do tricks at the skate park.
Jennifer was very bored sitting at her house alone. She wanted to do something exciting. She called a friend and offered to pay to go skydiving. Her friend was reluctant but agreed. The friend backed out at the last minute.
The woman bought some amazing new shoes. They were platforms with a straw heel. The woman was ready to strut down the Las Vegas Strip in them. She strapped them on and checked out her reflection in the mirror. She felt very confident!
Renee was always stressed. She needed to get her life together. She started making lists and better choices. She decided to get more rest. She was feeling better in no time.
There was a new dress Tara wanted. She decided to save up to buy the dress. Tara decided to earn money by babysitting. Tara put aside the money she made babysitting. She soon had enough to buy the dress.
The Perez family liked to go to the park. They decided to go on Saturday. Saturday it rained. The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home. They had a good day playing board games at home.
I was throwing a party a my house. I was afraid it would not be cool. I had been planning this party for months. When people arrived they immediately wanted to leave. After they left, I realized that I could have a cool party alone.
In middle school Eva had few friends. Then her family moved across the country. Eva started high school far from her old reputation. She decided to make the most of it, and tried to be social. It worked - Eva made many friends in her first week of high school!
My sister in law's husband died while a young man. They had three children. The nine year old boy was very sad. One day he saw a man who looked like his father and he got scared. He ran home to his mother, thinking he had seen a ghost.
Sonya was a very arrogant person. She had awesome boxing skills. The toughest gal around wanted to fight. The tough gal punched Sonya with all her might. Sonya blocked it and no one ever messed with her again.
Jerry has been working all his life. Jerry is tired of work. One evening while working. He tells everyone is he retiring. He spends his final days at work before retiring.
Dakota was laid off by her company. Dakota decided to seek temporary work. Dakota applied at a temporary agency. Before she could begin at the temporary agency she was called back. She returned to work at the old company.
Barry loved to scavenge for young saplings in the forest. He would use the saplings to weave durable baskets. He would sell his baskets in a local town. One day a group of tourists came through the town. They bought every last one of Barry's baskets!
Jon was an adrenaline junkie. He decided to fly in a wingsuit. He went to the top of a cliff and jumped off in his wingsuit. Alas, there was a hole in the suit. Jon fell to his death.
Hanna was only interested in logic. So when she met with Brianna for Lunch, it was torture. Brianna gushed with feelings over everything. Hanna didn't bother to listen. She was too busy solving problems in her head to do so.
Shay was on a dinner date. He was very hungry. Shay ate his dinner very fast. He burped very loud at the end. His date left disgusted!
Rachel is getting married. She shopped for a dress for hours with her mom. They found nothing Rachel liked. Her mom decided to make a dress for Rachel instead. Rachel was so happy for her custom made gown.
Bobby got a hundred dollars for his birthday. His parents brought him to the mall. Bobby walked around the mall wondering what to buy. Bobby decided to only get a baseball cap. He saved the rest of his money.
Sandy was decided to take a hike in the mountains. She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains. She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up. Sandy was hiking for awhile before she realized she was lost! In the end Sandy found her way back to the main trail.
When I was in eighth grade, I looked super young. All of the other girls work makeup and I wanted to fit in. My mom had a lot of makeup in her bathroom, so I took some. I showed it off to the girls at school and compared with theirs. When my mom found out, I was incredibly embarrassed.
Sam entered his school's art competition. And he wanted to win first place. He spent weeks and weeks on a landscape painting. But he was devastated when he didn't even make it into the top three. Sam regret all of the hard work he put in.
Lucy wanted to fix a nice dinner for her new boyfriend. She thought about a menu and drew up a shopping list. Early in the week, she shopped for the things she would need. The night before their date, she prepared what she could in advance. Their date went well and her boyfriend was impressed by her skills.
Kendra and her husband Mark went to the local casino. After having a nice dinner they headed out to the casino floor. Mark went to play cards and Kendra sat at the penny slots. After losing ten dollars, Kendra's machine suddenly started ringing. Kendra hit the jackpot and won ten thousand dollars!
I got a terrible headache while watching the evening news. I turned off the TV. I took a long nap. I got another headache watching my favorite drama. I decided to spend more time outside.
Bob always wanted a puppy. He knew getting a puppy would be expensive. He didn't have the money he needed to get the puppy he desired. Bob patiently waited for the annual free adoption day. He walked away from the animal shelter with puppy he wanted.
Today in class, several adults came to describe their career. The first guest was a fireman. He shared his college experience and memorable experiences. When the second guest game, he came with a motorcycle. He announced that he's an inventor of motorcycles.
Tim was terrified of the dark. His mother was mean and liked to torture him for fun. At night, she locked him in his room and turned off the light. Tim was so scared he wet his bed. In the morning, his mother had to clean up the mess.
My daughter's friend's father is not computer literate. He wanted to sell things on ebay and craigslist. He did not know how to post photos. I went to his home and photographed all he wanted to sell. I post his photos for him now.
Isla had trouble remembering to brush her teeth. She thought nothing of it until one day she was in some photos. She noticed how yellow and ugly her teeth looked in the picture. From then on she vowed to brush her teeth better. Luckily her teeth began to improve slowly.
Lori was in her condo alone and took a home pregnancy test. She was excited but also nervous about the possible results. The test turned out positive, indicating that Lori was pregnant. Lori was very happy about the results and started to cry. Lori waited for her husband to come home so that she could tell him.
Ana went to the carnival. She was looking for cotton candy. But she couldn't find any anywhere! Then she asked an employee to show her where it was. Ana was happy to finally get her cotton candy.
Tim was the new kid in school. He started his first day nervously. He put all of his things in his locker. The girl in the locker next to him introduced herself. They became new friends.
Blaine was a goofy teenager. He always acted up at the job. He never did things right. So one day while goofing off the boss sees Blaine. And tells him that he has lost his job.
Andy hated being hot. In the summer he tried to stay inside as much as possible. His friend asked him to go to Hawaii. He didn't want to go because he would be too hot. Andy missed out on a lot because he hated hot weather.
My friend invited me to a party. First we all met up together. Then we went to play laser tag. After that, we had a nice feast with lots of snacks and food. We ended the day with the presents and cake.
Jody had moved across town. When she arrived, her items weren't there yet. To her dismay the moving truck had gotten caught in traffic. She ended up having to spend the night without her things. Luckily she had her stuff early the next morning.
Yesterday I got some vitamins. When I took them home I noticed something. The seal was taken off. It was broken. I had to return it.
We heard the ice cream truck and went running outside. Me and my buddies all got our ice cream. Sitting on the sidewalk we notice a wallet. We looked at the driver license and it was the ice cream driver. We chased him down the street and returned the wallet.
I wanted to make a special dinner for my boyfriend. I went to the store to buy the ingredients. They were having a sale so I got more than I needed. Dinner turned out great and we both enjoyed it. HE said he'd make dinner for me tomorrow.
Terrence was on a date. He suggested they walk around the town's fountain. They took a stroll and Terrence dropped to one knee. He proposed to her! She said yes and they hugged.
Tara's dog had fleas. She tried to give the dog a flea bath. The flea bath did not help Tara's dog. Tara took the dog to the vet for flea medicine. The flea medicine killed the dog's fleas.
A kid in Ethan's class had the whooping cough. His baby sister started getting sick and coughing. She was too young to be immunized against the whooping cough. The doctor diagnosed the baby as having whooping cough too. The baby was very sick for a long, long time.
Kim thought she was hungry. So she decided to cook a large meal for herself. She became engrossed in cooking. And she forgot all about her hunger. But Kim had no choice but to eat the large meal.
People tell Arthur his grilled chicken is the best. So he registered for a cooking contest. First place prize was ten thousand dollars. Arthur won third place, which was one thousand dollars. The judges said his meat was too salty.
Jim wanted new tennis shoes. He had a budget of forty-five dollars. When he went shopping he found two pairs that he liked. The more comfortable pair was ten dollars above his budget. Jim decided comfort was important and bought the more expensive pair.
Whitney's dog is full of energy. She is always ready to play. I went over to her house and she immediately jumped on me. I threw her a rope and she chased it. Her dog is a playful pup.
Tara wanted to repaint her room. She went to her local hardware store. She compared various shades of paint. She chose a pink color that she liked. She went home and painted her room pink by herself.
Joe was anxious to build his first computer. He watched a few assembly tutorials. And then he ordered several computer parts online. When the parts arrived, he assembled everything. But when he pressed the on button, nothing happened.
Mary was checking her mail. She opened the box to get the mail out. A strong breeze suddenly passed. The wind blew some of the mail from Mary's hand. Mary chased the mail down the driveway.
I was driving a truck. I was very tired. I felt myself drifting off to sleep. Finally, I embraced the sleep and closed my eyes. Alas, I crashed the truck!
I much prefer to live by the coast. My girlfriend much prefers to live in the desert. We have long fights about where to ultimately live. I think I shall seek out a desert landscape with coastal access. Spans of California may hold what I seek.
Sam is at a restaurant. He is ordering for his friends. He brings the food over to the table. He brings the drinks over. He spills the drinks all over his friends.
Jody was riding on a speedboat. She was wearing a pair of sunglasses. The boat was being docked in a marina. Jody leaned over to help tie up the boat. Suddenly, her glasses fell and dropped into the water.
Kevin decided to bet his entire paycheck on a college basketball game. He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money. Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night. His team lost the game! Kevin burst into angry tears.
My wife and I got a last minute reservation at our favorite restaurant Our normal babysitter was already busy the next day. I asked my daughter's teacher if she knew any babysitters. She called a few good babysitters to see if they could do it. All the babysitters were busy, and one was looking for her own sitter.
I had so many job that i experienced. But my favorite one was being a hotel receptionist. Actually i'm not just a receptionist. I also clean rooms and check amenities. It is a multitasking job but i enjoyed it.
Cassie did not like taking baths. Her mom was frustrated because Cassie was starting to stink. One day her mom bought Cassie a bath toy. Cassie wanted to play with the toy so agreed to take a bath. Her mom was so happy to have a clean daughter.
My girlfriend had just broken up with me. My last remaining relative told me she regretted not aborting me. I was alone and had no job, no education and no future. The only thing I had was the gun I stole from a friend's safe. Unfortunately I couldn't afford bullets.
Yesterday I took a bottle of iced coffee outside. I packed it in a shoulder bag with a book. I sat on a bench, read and drank. I resealed the bottle after reading for an hour. I did not seal the bottle tightly, and the book got drenched.
Bob's laptop was way too slow. He replaced the mechanical drive with a solid state one. He put in the maximum amount of memory the machine could take. When Bob turned it back on he was floor by the speed. It was at least five times as fast as it had been before!
A backboard is used to help injured people out of a pool. I used it before to ride down a slide with people. I was on the back. It was hard to stay on. I did not stay on all the way down.
I use as few browser plug-ins as possible. I used to use a great deal more. I found that it slowed down my browser considerably. But in those days my browser had immense functionality. I have made sacrifices for speed.
Stephanie went to the grocery store to buy eggs. When she got there, the whole dairy section was empty. She drove to a new store and bought the eggs there instead. But while she walked back home from her car, the eggs fell. She had to drive again to buy a new dozen eggs.
I was walking the dog. He took a poop. I decided not to pick it up. The park ranger saw. He fined me.
The concert started when everyone came. The music artist began to sing and dance. Since I had front seat tickets, I was able to directly see her. She tried to reach out to me with her hand. I grabbed it and she pulled me on stage.
Marko Ster operated a successful YouTube channel on the internet. He usually made low-effort, low quality gaming videos. One day the money ran out on this kind of thing. So Ster had to think really hard on how to stay alive. And so he became the worst Twitch streamer there ever was.
The family arrived at the port to take their cruise. They were so excited! At their first port, they got terribly lost. They missed the cruise leaving. They were stranded in Italy.
Tony went to unlock his shed. He couldn't find the key. Tony got an axe from his garage. He knocked the lock off the shed door. Tony had to buy a new lock for the door.
Scott was attending the annual awards ceremony at his workplace. He didn't care much for work awards. Name after name was called out as workers got their reward. In the end, Scott didn't get any award. He felt secretly disappointed.
Brad and Emma went on a road trip. They stopped at lots of gas stations for snacks. They also took photos at every state line. They made a lot of good memories. Brad and Emma loved their road trip!
Lindsey was not very artistic. She painted a portrait and out of pure luck it turned out great. An art teacher noticed it and put her in the advanced art class. Lindsey couldn't come close to painting anything that well again. The other students in the class began to give her annoyed looks daily.
Patches the kitten loves to play. Scout, the old family dog, loves to sleep. Patches is always playfully pouncing on Scout. Scout pulled an old empty box out of the closet. Patches now jumps in and out of the box, while Scout takes his nap.
A man lit a candle in his apartment. The candle fell on the floor. The apartment began to go on fire. The people ran out to escape it. The whole building was consumed.
Anne volunteered at a local hospital. She cleaned and talked to patients. Every day she learned something new about medicine. Anne realized she loved working in the hospital. She decided she would become a doctor!
Jasper's roommates have told him to stop using the air conditioner. He likes to turn on the air conditioner to stay cool. However, they say it is too expensive. Jasper ignores their complaints, and uses the air conditioner anyway. Eventually, his roommates ask him to move out.
It was my turn to provide food for poker night with the guys. They came over and I browned up some meat for Sloppy Joe's. When the first guy took a bite he spit it out saying it was terrible. I felt pretty embarrassed. We wound up ordering five pizzas from Papa John's.
Kim refused to eat the deer her mother made for dinner. But it was 11PM and she was starving. She searched the refrigerator for something to eat. The leftover deer smelled, and looked tasty. Kim shoved some in her mouth, and ran to her room.
One summer, I was thinking about what to do for fun. My parents told me to pack my things and get ready to go. We flew to Florida the next day. My parents decided to take us to Disney World. We had so much fun and made great memories.
I got offered a job yesterday. It is just a part time job. I can do the work at home. Which is nice because I have kids. I am really thinking of taking the job.
Doug and Lewis wanted to start a band. Both of the boys played guitar. They decided they needed a drummer. The boys put an ad in the paper for a drummer. They had a drummer for their band in a week.
Tom moved into a house that was very old. He had to update everything inside, especially the rug. Tom yanked up the old shag rug, piece by piece. All the dust that kicked up made him cough. After taking a fresh air break he finished pulling the rug.
When the substitute walked into the class, she looked at us. She never bothered to say hi and asked us to take out our homework. She took it and decided to give us a packet. We didn't complete it since it covered material that we didn't cover. She ended up holding the class until all of us finished it.
I had not had any sleep for 3 days due to being worried. I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes. I could see images of my problems flashing before my eyes. Since I could not fall asleep, I got up from bed. I sat at my desk and continued to worry.
James stopped at the stop light. The light was green but he didn't go. The car behind him started to honk. James realized the light was green and finally drove. He was embarrassed for not paying attention.
The family was headed to the fair. Every year, the state fair was held in their city. They liked to eat sugary treats and ride rides. Then they would look at the exhibits. The fair was a fun tradition for them.
Jason was new to farming. He had always wanted to be a farmer. Jason arrived to the farm for his first day of work. The work was hard, but he enjoyed it. Jason was going to do well as a farmer.
I was an atheist. I felt a hole in my life. I decided to accept religion. My friend recommended Islam. After many years, I became a devout muslim.
William was a sailor on a boat in 1700. He hoped he could get passage to America by working on the boat. While at sea a horrible storm hit, and wrecked the boat. William struggled to survive in the water, clinging to broken wood. He woke on a beach, and found himself in Canada.
Alan Fralan was furious. There were 150 new emails in his inbox. He had signed up the day before for a spam blocker. They just sold his address to anyone who would buy it. Alan sued them, and they went out of business.
Amy and her class were having an ice cream party. But she was lactose intolerant. So she felt excluded. After school, everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was. And Amy felt sad.
Lil and Frank bought a new tent for their camping adventure. They got to their campsite as it was nearing dark. They couldn't figure out how to get the tent up. They had to sleep out in the open that night. They were able to erect the tent in the morning.
A few days ago I went out to buy some chocolate milk. I drove all the way out to the store to get some. While I was at the store I bought some other things I needed. I was too focused on buying other things. I forgot to buy the chocolate milk that I had gone to the store for.
Bob bought a gun and wanted to try it out. He went through his garbage and pulled out old cans. He placed the cans on a fence. He took aim and shot at the cans. Bob missed most of the cans at first.
Stephen is asked to read aloud in school. He struggles with words. The teacher stops him and ask him whats wrong. Stephen tells her he can't see the words well. Stephens teacher tells Stephen he needs glasses.
Michael was having a problem with his hearing. Lately he was having to strain more and more to hear people. He noticed when he was playing baseball with his team. His parents took him to a hearing specialist. Michael got hearing aids, which helped him tremendously.
Christina woke up with a bad toothache. She immediately contacted the dentist to take an appointment. But as the dentist could only see her at night, she panicked. She called her friend who told her to put clove oil to help the pain. She did so and was able to wait for her night appointment.
My friend Tim and I played speed chess tonight. The games were short, as each player had five minutes. Whoever runs out of time loses. I lost several games, until I switched to three minutes. I won the last three games.
Lora has a dog. The dog barks all day long. She believes it is because of the birds. One day she decided to put up curtains. Now the dog barks much less.
It was going to be a long day. Gertie had bought a bushel of peaches yesterday. Today she was going to can those peaches. She had sterilized her jars and was almost ready start. The canning syrup was done and she began.
Matt wanted to learn spanish. He moved to Mexico for a year to learn. He got a job and life was good there. One day he was in the wrong place at the wrong time. The cartel chopped his head off and he died.
Joe was returning to college as an adult. He was nervous that he would be much older than everyone. He walked into his first class. He saw several other people who were his age. He was much less anxious from then on.
The hotel we stayed at was on the beach. We spent all weekend playing in the ocean and sunbathing. On the flight home we had to fly over the Atlantic. That flight was more depressing than usual. We wanted to jump out of that plane and go swimming!
The new college semester had started. My professors gave me a list of books to purchase. They were all so expensive! I decided to buy them from the used book store. I ended up saving over three hundred dollars from the store!
Adam liked to go to parties and stay out late. He would often be very sleepy the next day. It got so bad that he started to fall asleep at work. Adam decided that being an air traffic controller wasn't a good fit. Adam started working as a party disc jockey.
I have always wanted to rock climb. I know it is dangerous, but it is also intriguing. I found the perfect instructor, who taught me everything I needed. Once out at the mountain base, I was scared. Once I began the climb, my fear faded and I started to enjoy myself.
Tom worked long hours on the computer. He noticed his eyes would become dry at work. Tom bought eye drops from the pharmacy. Tom began using the drops regularly. Tom never suffered from dry eyes again.
Bryan took his dog on a walk. They went to the park. The park had a lot of trails. Bryan saw the dog was getting more tired than him. They went home after a fun day at the park.
Tom and Sue were hungry for pancakes. They got the ingredients together and started cooking. Tom kept bumping into Sue while they were making the food. They decided that they needed a bigger kitchen. That night, they called over a contractor to help them remodel.
Ted loved eating meat. However his girlfriend was vegan. He could never decide on where to eat. Ted hated vegan food. Ted finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them.
In a house on a hill there was a house littered with roaches. Along the walls the floors the ceiling everywhere. No one lived there, until a new family bought the house. They had it cleaned and fumigated getting rid of every bug. Now it is no longer the roach house.
I have been training to qualify for the swim team. I have been swimming everyday after class to get better. I have been lifting weights to make me stronger. The weight lifting has made me much faster. I am ready to tryout for the team and very excited.
Layla and her friends got invited to the hottest fashion show. They could not believe they were invited to see the show. As soon as they took their seats, the show started. The girls were in awe of how beautiful the clothes were. Layla was thrilled to be invited to the event.
Gene repaired cars as a hobby. His friend had a car that needed repair work. He sold the car to Gene for cheap. Gene made the repairs in his spare time. He sold the car for much more than he paid for it.
The big day was almost upon us. We waited all summer just for the chance to have a draft. We did our research on the top players. We even did some mock drafts. Now it was time for the real thing and we were excited.
David wanted his business to thrive. He had large competition from the rival butchers over the street. In order to come out on top, David sourced some cheaper meat. He started winning back customers because of the cheaper meat. Then, the horse meat scandal was uncovered and David was caught out.
Tim lived with two roommates. He was the messiest of all three. Tim often forgot to do the dishes. After a while it created big fights. Tim was forced to move out.
Salman attended an opening event of a new play. The event was catered. Salman had missed dinner for the event. So he simply kept circling back through the catering section. Eventually he was sated and left the event happy.
Shelly was working at the bank. Someone wanted to cash the check. You normally need two forms of ID. Someone only had one form. The manager approved the transaction.
Ralph was a working dog. He was trained to sniff out bombs for the military. One day he stopped and refused to obey an order from his handler. The whole troop angrily stopped and waited for him to get Ralph. They weren't angry anymore when the bomb exploded up ahead.
The little girl waked to the barn. She struggled to open it's door. She finally got it open. She seen a barrel and put her finger in it. She screamed in pain because it happened to be  acid.
Liz needed to get into her freezer to get out the chicken for dinner. She pulled hard on the freezer door, but it was frozen shut. Suddenly it opened with a loud BANG and she fell to the floor in pain. The chicken had fallen out and broken her foot! Liz had ice cream for dinner at the hospital instead.
One day at work. While Matthews Shift was ending. His brothers came in for their shift to begin work. Matthew began calling his brothers bad names. He got into a huge argument with them and fired them.
Jay is the coach of the basketball team. His star player got injured and they have a game tonight. Jay calls a meeting with his team before the game. He gives them a great motivating pep talk to lift their spirits. Despite not having their star player they ended up winning the game.
Jessie was preparing to buy her son's Christmas presents. She filled her cart and then saved it to purchase a few days later. When it came time to purchase, the prices had all changed. Her order would cost much more now. She had to go and pick some new cheaper toys instead.
Me and my friends went to the park after class. We decided to go home because it's already getting late. When i got home i noticed my school is missing. I asked my friends if they saw but they did not. I went back to the park and luckily i found it.
One day, I heard a noise in my room. There was a squirrel in the walls! We put a trap in the attic with food and water and a bed. He finally went inside the little cage. When we brought him outside, the other squirrels started to chatter.
I just printed out years worth of  pictures I had on my computer. I am hoping to get them all organized. There are so many, it is overwhelming. I have been procrastinating doing it. I guess it's finally time to get it done.
Ben was nervous about an upcoming presentation he had to make. Ben began watching instructional videos on public speaking. Ben watched many speeches delivered by respected people. Ben practiced his speech in front of the mirror many times. Ben delivered his presentation, and nailed it!
Jenna came to work with a very special lunch that day. It was extremely healthy and made of food that was hard to find. Her colleagues gawked at her while she was eating. She let them try a few bites and they really liked it. Now she brings more for everyone so they can sample new food.
Rachel went on a camping trip with her friends. That night, they were up late in their tent. Suddenly, they heard a noise outside. Rachel peeked out and saw that it was a bear making the noise. Terrified, they stayed silent until the bear left.
My internet was running very slowly. I reset the router to make it faster. It did not go faster. I called the internet company. They came out and changed out a wire.
Nick was a student at a large university. Nick had a classmate named Phil. Nick and Phil worked on a project together. They got along quite well. Nick and Phil became close friends.
I was eating in a Japanese bar. My friend suggested we try mochi for dessert. I was eager to try some so I agreed. It was amazing! Alas, the mochi cost too much so we decided not to tip.
Jack and Jamie went to the beach on Monday. It was sunny and warm. They laid on a blanket under an umbrella. Eventually they went in the water. At 3 they went home.
Rick allowed his friend, James, to use his car to learn how to drive. So Rick drove around James' neighborhood a few times. But he accidentally hit a parked car. And James was responsible for the accident. James never let anyone use his car again.
Quintin turned on the television. NOthing happened. He tried again but noticed the power had gone out. Quintin sighed and twiddled his thumbs. He didn't know what to do without the electricity.
I had a stroke in 2011. It was hard to wear a wristwatch. I wanted to keep track of time. I bought an analog pendant watch. It was too heavy, so I replaced it with a light digital one.
Ross had gotten a speeding ticket. He was scared to tell his parents. The information was published in the local paper. Ross's parents found out about the citation. He got in trouble for not telling his parents.
Sam likes to play his Nintendo Gamecube. He took his games over to a friends house so they could play together. They played games for hours. Sam was leaving when he realized the games are missing. Sam found them under his friend's bed.
It was a warm summer morning. Martha woke up to her dog barking. She went to feed the dog. Afterwards she took the dog on a walk. Martha's dog was tired and fell asleep after the walk.
Josh lost his chemistry book. He searched everywhere for it. He told his teacher and got in trouble. Josh had to buy a new book for his school. Josh learned his lesson about keeping up with his belongings.
Max concentrated on trying to tie the knot. He succeeded and then went to finishing cooking the burgers. He looked back at the lake and gasped. The boat was floating away from shore. He had tied the knot successfully, but forgot to tie the other end.
Haley wanted her Halloween costume to be frightening. She bought some fake blood to put on her costume. She didn't think the fake blood looked very realistic. Haley made her own fake blood with ketchup and corn syrup. Haley saw that her fake blood looked better than the one she bought.
Once a woman went fishing. She baited the hook with a giant worm. The worm helped her to catch a giant fish. She entered the fish into a fishing tournament and won. She collected the prize money and ate the delicious fish.
Little Bobby was afraid to go to the doctor. He knew he was due to get an injection. Bobby plead and argued with his mom not to go. Helpless against her wishes, Bobby went to the doctor. After getting the shot, Bobby realized it just wasn't all that bad!
Sally had a crush on Jane for a long time. Sally's mother encouraged her to ask Jane on a date. Sally nervously asked Jane out to dinner. Jane happily accepted Sally's proposal. Sally and Jane have been happy together for over a year now.
Tony had a lot of laundry to do. He put the wet clothes in the dryer and pushed Start. Nothing happened! The dryer was broken. Tony had to hang his clothes on the clothesline.
John was awakened by a thud inside his bedroom. He glanced at the clock to learn it was the middle of the night. John heard the thud again, this time coming from beneath his bed. John quickly rolled off the bed and looked under the bed. There John found his little brother, attempting to scare him.
My sister wanted to get a rabbit for a pet. Rabbits poop all over the house. My mom still got her the pet. The rabbit was named Peter, and was very calm. The only place it ended up pooping, was in my room.
Marik opened his closet door looking for something to wear. All his clothes were off their hangars and in a pile by the door. The door rang, his date was here to pick him up. Marik put on deodorant and cologne and opened the door. He was naked, but decided it didn't matter and left on the date.
Mandy loves to cook. She often tries different meals from recipes she reads about. One day she decided to try baking. She discovered she was very good at it. Mandy now bakes for a living.
Anna was ready for potty training. She knew the word potty, bring diapers when wet. Carol and I bought her a potty chair. We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it. Now Anna is completely out of diapers.
Jim was very bored. He watched some tv and called his friend. Apparently there was a party. He went there but it was boring. He went back home.
Martin is outside. He notices a swarm of bees come his way. He runs inside to get away from them. He heads back out with bee spray. He sprays the nest and kills all the bees.
Aaliyah loved doing things with her aunt because her aunt was fun. Her mom left her when she was two years old. Jodi, her aunt, loved Aaliyah like she was her very own daughter. Because she now wanted her daughter, Aaliyah's mom came to visit Jodi. Jodi was heartbroken when Aaliyah left to be with her mother.
Sue's friends called her Silly Sue because she was so funny and cute. Sue's mom worried that Sue wouldn't get a job being funny, though. Then Sue got an audition at a comedy club. The patrons loved her, and Sue was hired immediately! Sue's mom was so happy, she almost cried!
Amanda was getting married. She rushed around and planned all the wedding details. When it was all planned, she sat back and enjoyed the fun of it all. She had a great time at her shower. SHe couldn't wait to walk down the aisle!
Mila planted a melon seed. She watered the seed daily. After a few weeks the melon was fully grown. Mila picked the melon and cut it up. She enjoyed the sweet melon as a snack for several days.
Sally was going to the prom for the first time. She was so excited and could not wait. She wanted her hair to look amazing more than anything. She went to a salon and requested an elegant up-do. When done, Sally looked into the mirror and knew she looked amazing.
Lucy used to buy a lot of 99 cents romance novels. She dreamed of the perfect man that would save her. But when she met Ben, she realized that real life was quite different. Ben was not a prince charming and he could hurt. She learned overtime to care for a real person instead of fake heroes.
I was hanging out with my male friend. We had gotten pulled over. The cop thought I was his felonious girlfriend. He foolishly took me to jail on mistaken identity. Upon arrival, the sheriff made him take me back home.
Jim wanted to get a puppy. He went to his local humane shelter. He picked out a brown baby pitbull. Jim named his puppy James. Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats.
The man found a body. He checked for a pulse. There was none. He called the police. The police came and recovered the body.
My daughter has a garage in Queens. Sometimes the driveway is blocked by street parkers. She was told by the police if she calls they will tow blockers. Last Friday she called for a tow. By the time the police came the car had departed.
Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home. The old woman no longer recognized Sue. During their visit, the grandma clutched a threadworn rag doll. Sue kissed her grandma goodbye for the last time. When she heard her grandma died, Sue asked for the rag doll.
A few years ago I had a big choir recital. I was not at all ready for the recital. So I spent the whole week before the recital practicing my part. I spent hours a day just singing in my room. My practice paid off, and I performed well at the recital.
Jeff and a group of friends dared each other to kiss a random girl. They get to the shopping mall where this was going to take place All of Jeff's friends go and kiss a random girl in the mall. Jeff is now making turn he sees a girl and goes for it. At the last moment the pressure gets to Jeff and he can't do the dare.
Ivan was playing at a local tennis tournament. And it was his turn to serve. But he double faulted and became very angry. And he threw is racket at the ground. But Ivan felt regretful after being penalized.
Ike wanted to search the ocean for sunken treasure. He bought a boat and some expensive search equipment. Ike spent hours in his boat looking for shipwrecks. Finally, Ike thought he had found the ship he was looking for. It turned out not be a shipwreck after all, just some garbage.
Jay just graduated from college. He's been finding it hard to get a job. His parents decided to make him work at the restaurant They figured if he can't work, he might as well help the family. Now he works 4 times a week.
The kids were taking a field trip. They were going to a local museum. It was full of amazing artifacts. They learned about history and science. The kids were sad to leave at the end of the day.
James found a robber in his house. He decided to get a gun for protection. He didn't know anything about guns, but he didn't care. That night, he heard a noise. He shot into the darkness and ended up hitting his cat.
Janet was starting college tomorrow. She was afraid nobody would like her! But she was friendly and outspoken in all of her classes. Everyone found her interesting and engaging. By the end of her first day, Janet had made many new friends!
I woke up for work and couldn't find my shoes. I looked under the bed and in the closet. I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were. I sat down on the couch to think for a minute. On the couch cushion I found my shoes and was able to go to work.
I saw a new barber today. He was nervous while cutting my hair. When he was done, he gave me a mirror. My head looked awful. However, he informed me that every haircut comes with a free hat.
Marge was proud that she fed her kids oatmeal for breakfast. She promised her kids a treat at lunch for finishing their oatmeal. Each day, the kids left empty bowls of oatmeal in the sink. One day, the sink clogged and a plumber came over. He found the sinks clogged with weeks' worth of oatmeal.
Some kids trampled flowers. The policemen told them that was bad. They felt bad about it. They bought some new flowers. They planted them.
Timmy loved Halloween. He waited months for it. He made his costume himself. He always goes trick or treating. He got tons of candies.
One day I was being really impatient with myself. I was taking a long time to leave the house and I was finally fed up. I walked swiftly out of my apartment door and slammed it. I then realized that I forgot my keys in my frustration. Humiliated I had to ask my landlord for the spare keys.
My beautiful wife died. Because of depression I started using heroin. I began spending all of my money on it. I checked into rehab. I was able to quit heroin.
Cora planted a garden in her backyard. Following lots of rain she found it washed away. To her dismay, she planted a garden. Cora harvested peppers and onions from her garden. Cora made stir fry with her fresh vegetables!
My cat is so funny. She will go outside during the day. She will be nowhere to be seen all day. At night, she is crying to get inside. She jumps on the screen to tell us when she is ready.
Patty chased after her favorite dog. The dog ran from Patty around the yard. Patty slipped on the wet grass. The dog came over to Patty. The dog licked Patty's face.
It was allie's first day of school. So she decided to burn her books. Allie felt so relieved. She thought she would never have to use them. But to her dismay she realized she needed them for next year.
Sara loved Jesse so much. They were highschool sweethearts. They spent most of their time traveling the world. They had one child and raised him in a tiny home in the country. They died peacefully together in their sleep.
Jane's daughter Ali was being bullied by a girl named Val. The school was willing to do nothing to stop it. Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully. When she spoke to Val's mom she seemed indifferent. Jane decide to enroll Ali in martial arts to protect herself.
Ben knew he wanted to submit some art for an upcoming art show. He was a bit of a procrastinator so he'd really have to focus. All throughout the winter and spring he chipped away at his workload. He was cutting it close, but he'd have a number of pieces to show off. Ben sold most of what he brought and felt encouraged to try again.
Morgan was at the grocery store with her mom. She was super hungry and impatient. While they were in the produce section, she began eating grapes. A store clerk told her that she would have to pay for those. Morgan's mom was really mad at Morgan.
Kristin had left a chocolate bar on the coffee table. When she returned, she saw an empty wrapper on the ground. Her dog, Fluffy, had eaten the whole bar. Kristin panicked and took her dog to the vet. The vet managed to remove the chocolate from Fluffy's stomach.
Moore loved to use commas. He would use commas every sentence. One day, he realized he didn't know the definition. He rushed to the dictionary. Finally, Moore was able to define a comma.
Before led bike lights, I used battery powered lights. The batteries wore out too quickly. I drove forty five minutes in the dark. I tried a generator, but it never produced much light. I found an incandescent flashing light which used less energy.
My friend Sam is very competitive. We started playing online chess after years of not playing. I won the last series 4-1. Last night I was leading 4-0 when he quit for the night. I think he was a bit down on himself.
Today Timmy jumped and played in the mud. The mud got all over his clothes. He went inside his home and his mom said he needed a bath. Timmy got in the tub and his mom bathed him. Timmy was finally clean.
When I was a kid, my bike got stolen. However, I had hidden my name underneath the handlebar cover. I saw a kid with a spray-painted bike that resembled mine. I went up to him and confronted him. He ran away when I pulled the handlebar cover and saw my name there.
Dan wanted to get some exercise in today. Dan decided he would go to the local pool and swim several laps. However, when Dan arrived he noticed the facility was closed. Dan decided he would go back home and exercise there. Dan was disappointed that he could not swim in the pool.
James is sitting alone on a bench. A young man approaches him to talk to him. The two really hit it off. James asks if he wants to come with him to eat. James had found a new friend.
Sidney lived in the US. She met a man that lived in Europe. She fell in love with him. Unfortunately, the man didn't want to move to the US. So Sidney was forever sad.
Yesterday I had my first art class. We learned how to use different water colors. I had a lot of fun. My first painting was a masterpiece. I even considered selling it.
Kyle and I took a late night walk to the gas station. My cat decided to follow us there. He walked along with us just like a dog would. He even waited outside the gas station for us. He followed us back home and now we go for walks daily.
She wanted something that would make her eyes pop. She looked at the brands of mascara available. She didn't know what to try first. Most of them didn't meet her needs. She decided upon a fiber filled version.
Brad was trying to fix his aligners. He stepped out of class in order to go to the bathroom. Once he saw himself in the mirror, he tried to pull the aligners out. Instead, he broke the top layer of the aligner. His teeth was numb for several hours.
Jim's children were picky eaters. They refused to eat anything that he cooked for them. All they wanted were peanut butter sandwiches. He gave up cooking and bought stock in Jif Peanut Butter. Jim hoped his children would eat their way to a small fortune.
Lily was watching TV when she heard a knock on the door. She checked and found an eviction notice taped to the door. She hadn't paid rent on time for quite awhile. Lily had no clue what she was going to do. Luckily, her parents offered to take her in.
I used my credit card when I shopped at Target last month. Yesterday, I received an email from Target about a data breach. I immediately put an alert on my credit card. I also ordered a credit report for $20, and am awaiting its arrival. Although I took precautions, I am still worried about identity theft.
Diana was on a family trip. Her children needed a bath but there was no hot water. Diana was trying to figure out what to do. Finally, she decided to heat some water on the stove. Then, when it wasn't too hot, she bathed the kids in it.
Tom lived in Los Angeles. It was very hot there. Tom wanted to cool down. He decided to buy a fan. He felt much cooler in his home, with the new fan.
Martha made Christmas stockings for each one of her children. She worked very hard on each and every one. She had six children, so she had to make six stockings. Finally, the stockings were done. They were a beautiful gift for the children to cherish for years.
Mary saw a new product at Costco. It was pudding in squeezable pouches. On a whim, she decided to buy it for her children. Her kids thought the pudding pouches were disgusting. Mary took the product back to the store for refund.
Walter loved to make his living robbing banks. Walter thought he was good enough to rob two banks in the same day. After robbing one bank, he ran to the other bank down the street. Walter was unaware that police were following him with guns. As soon as he got to the next bank, Walter was shot and killed.
Darcy was in town shopping. She needed to use the restroom. She stopped in a restroom in the store she was at. The restroom was very dirty. Darcy decided to use the restroom at the next place she went to.
Tom wanted to get his house painted. He asked his neighbors to refer him to a company. Tom called two of the painting companies mentioned. Tom got the prices of the companies. He hired the cheaper company to paint his house.
Cindy was working very hard to catch up on her bills. It seemed like the harder she tried the more bills she got. Cindy resorted getting a second job. That helped some. Cindy finally got caught up after a lot of hard work.
Kate was playing a huge going away party for her brother. She invited thirty of both their closes friends and family. She even booked a DJ to play at the event. Kate order a lots of food and drinks for the party. Her brother was very happy with the surprise party.
While I'm working, my feet and ankles swell. I started getting edema a few months ago. My kidney malfunctioned and I started gaining fluid. I took a diuretic in hopes of reducing the swelling. It doesn't seem to be helping today.
Jan's had information on her brothers and a lack of funds. She decided blackmail was in order. She wouldn't tell mom about the spider gambling operation. For her silence, she would receive a percentage of their winnings. As a bonus, she would advertise to the elementary kids.
Jake was eating fast food. He wanted more salt on his fries. He used a salt shaker. The top was loose and fell open. Jakes fries were completely covered in salt.
The new mall was huge. We walked inside and looked around for hours. It was so shiny and pretty. We got excited when we saw a giant ice skating rink. We tried to skate but did terribly.
Jenny got home and smelled an awful smell. She couldn't figure out what it was. She looked around the house. She suddenly saw her brother's gym bag. It was his stinky shoes.
Rick liked to work out. He challenged his friends to a push up contest. Rick went first and done 200. None of his friends could get past 100. Rick was the push up champion.
Kim and Ted were walking around town after a movie date. Suddenly the clouds thundered and poured down rainy! Their date was almost ruined by the surprise downpour. But then Kim pulled an umbrella from her backpack. She and Ted kept walking and managed to stay dry after all!
Jared was a good swimmer. He had perfected his technique. Others had taken notice of his technique. People wanted to learn from him. He teaches swim technique.
Danielle wanted an ice cream cone. Her mother bought her a cone at a drive thru restaurant. Danielle sat eating the cone in the backseat. Danielle made a mess of the ice cream. Danielle's mother never let her eat ice cream in the car again.
One day Joe took a day trip to New York City. First he went to the Empire State Building. Then he went to the 9/11 memorial. Finally he went to the Statue of Liberty. He had a great time.
I walked into the room. I flipped the light switch off. I turned around to answer my mother. I saw the coat hanging in the corner of my eye. I jumped extremely hard, thinking it was a person.
Laura hated her glasses. The kids at her school made fun of her for wearing them. Laura complained to her mother. Her mother allowed her to get contact lenses. Laura felt more confident in herself with her new look.
Craig got a new phone because he was tired of his old one. He loved the phone and showed off its great features to his friends. One day something heavily fell on it, destroying the screen. Craig was disappointed because he had just gotten it. Craig was happy again when he went back and got another new phone.
Jed was running away from a bully. He tripped on the lip of the basketball court. The bully caught up with Jed and started hitting him. He said it was because Jed had run from him. Jed wished he had a cool laser weapon from his favorite video games.
Beth had to choose between universities. One was close to home the other across the country. Beth was torn since both schools had a lot to offer. After weeks of deliberation she made her decision. Beth decided to stay at home and go to school close by.
Last week we went to dinner in Baldwin, Long Island. We were visiting from Boston, and our friend had us over. She cooked Dominican food, such as rice and beans and pork shoulder. We had flan for dessert. We stayed for hours, and returned to our hotel very stuffed.
Last week I needed to get my science textbook. The campus bookstore was selling it for a hundred dollars. That price was far too expensive. I decided to then buy it off amazon. It came the next day?
My niece works for the RMV  in MA. One day a man came in to register a car. He had no title to the car. He explained he bought a house and the car was in the driveway. She told him he had to go to the police and have it declared abandoned.
Nate was preparing for his upcoming track meet. He wanted to get first place in the hurdles. During practice, he had huge trouble with the tallest hurdle. Luckily, with enough practice he managed to clear it. He ran at his track meet and managed to make first place.
Tim's boss was the most homophobic person anyone in the office knew. He constantly used unpleasant and bigoted terms about gay people. Tim was therefore surprised to see a man on his arm in a restaurant. Tim's boss saw him and turned bright red. He expected work to be interesting the next day.
The other day I was at the beach. I was walking on the shore when I saw a starfish. I had never seen one up close before, so I picked it up. It was still alive when I picked it up. I threw the starfish back into the ocean.
Jake was excited about his recent purchase. He thought he got a good deal on it. Shortly after it was put on sale for less. Jake was upset but called the store. they were able to match the price since it was a recent purchase.
Jason notices his old slippers are torn. Jason decided to get new slippers. He goes online to read slipper reviews. Jason likes a pair of slippers from an online store. Even though they are expensive, he buys the nice slippers.
Sandy liked to jump rope. She used it wherever she went. One day she was jumping rope when her brother zoomed by on his bike. Her rope caught the handle of his bike. Her brother got a new jump rope that day.
There was a pond behind my dad's house. It is very peaceful there. I climbed a tree there once. Someone texted me then. I was about to fall asleep in a tree.
Ben hated running. He could never understand why people ran marathons. Ben met a girl that loved to run. She made Ben promise to run in a marathon together. Today, Ben is running in his very first marathon.
My family planned to vacation in florida. First, we needed to pack for the trip. When we were packed up, we began our travel. We drove thousands of miles for days, but eventually made it. When we were there, we enjoyed the beach for days.
Dave found an axe in his garage. He saw that it had red stains on it. He touched the stains. They were tacky like blood! Dave decided to leave the axe alone!
The wild man lived in the wood. He had retreated from society and lived off the land. One day he heard about some poachers on his land. He waited all night for them to pass by his hiding spot. He jumped out to scare them and they ran off never to return!
Stan wasn't much of a ladies man. He had never had a girlfriend. He decided to create an online dating profile. He met a girl who had the exact same interests as he did. They fell in love and lived happily forever.
Jennifer went to a local bar last Friday night. She ended up running into old friends from high school at the bar. They talked about old memories that were happy and sad. At the end of the night they exchanged phone numbers to keep in touch. Jennifer plans on meeting with them at the bar next week.
The man got hit in the head. It hurt his brain. People said he had changed. The man tried to fit into society. Society rejected the man.
Tom was a proud guy. He hated losing at anything. Even small things mattered to him. He lost friends over a game of Monopoly. Tom is now as lonely as he is proud.
I woke up one very early weekend morning. I put on my clothes and left my house. It was dark still when I arrived at the pond. I sat on my boat for hours waiting for a bite. Finally, I went home after catching several fish.
Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch. Jody ordered pancakes. Her mommy order hash browns, eggs and grits. When the waiter brought their food out, he trips on a cord. Jody and mom's food falls right along with him.
Tony loves to build boats. One day, a man asked if he could buy a boat from Tony. Tony sold him a boat. The man crashed the boat. Tony had to build him another boat.
My friend Rosa tried to open up a yoga studio ten Years ago. She was a freelance certified yoga instructor. She had secured funding through her mother. She could not open the studio due to her son's health issues. Five Years later she finally opened up her own studio.
Chloe is an actress who just turned 19. She is very interested in politics. She decided to use her platform to raise political awareness. She started to campaign for Hillary Clinton. She was so proud to speak for Hillary at the DNC last week.
There was a star track runner named Gene. He won all of the races. There was not competition for him. One day he met his match. They have been best friends and competitors ever since.
She knew she would have to bribe them so she thought quickly. She slowly began to devise a plan on how to con the con artists. As the meeting hour approached, she grew confident in her plan. The plan was put in motion when they all arrived. In the end, she was victorious and celebrated for her cleverness.
Jessica worked hard at her job. She always wanted to be promoted. She worked harder and smarter than everyone else. One day Jessica's boss asked her to come into her office. Jessica was offered a promotion.
Jim had a fever and he was feeling very weak. Jim went to see the doctor. The doctor checked Jim's temperature and his throat. The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest. After Jim rested and took his medicine, he felt much better.
Eric wanted to learn how to play piano. So he decided to play about an hour everyday. He was careful to not get ahead of himself. And within a year, he was playing advanced pieces. Eric was glad that he never stopped practicing.
Kim always made good grades. She was in high school now though. She had a big science test and had been studying hard. She was very anxious about it. When Kim got her test back she had failed.
Tom decided to take an interest in fashion. He decided he wanted to buy boots. He researched many different boot designs. He decided to see what many celebrities were wearing. He bought a pair of boots that resembled a celebrity's shoes.
A little baby began to cry. The parents tried to feed her. She kept crying. They finally figured out what to do. They wrapped her in a blanket.
Kay never used coupons when she shopped. A friend at work suggested she try to see how much she could save. Kay purchased 10 items with coupons at the store. Her receipt showed she saved $10 using coupons. Kay was convinced coupons were in fact worth the trouble.
Being a pizza delivery man, Harold knew everyone in town. He never thought much about the people he worked for, until one day. It was Harold's birthday and he was upset for having to work. The first house he arrived at, however, changed his mood. His customers had gathered as a surprise, thanking him for his work!
Jill and her family live on the fourth floor, as we do. We live in Cambridge, Massachusetts. One day a Bob and his family moved in. Jill told me Bob looked familiar. It turned out Bob lived in her dorm at Northwestern, 20 Years ago.
One day a couple met at a dance club. They were inseparable after that. They wanted to spend all their time together. Finally after many years to man asked the woman to marry him. They were married in the park under the full moon.
Nate walked onto his front porch. He came across a bush filled with crickets. They were hopping all over the place. He tried to touch one. However, a flock of the crickets ran towards him.
Bob was a very handsome man. People always complimented him on his looks. He wanted to make a living based on his attractiveness. He searched online for open model auditions near him. He went and got a contract to be a model.
All of Ned's friends went to camp every summer. So Ned, although a homebody, asked his mom if he could go too. His mom was hesitant but agreed in the end. When Ned arrived, he was homesick and sad. But after a few days, he was having a great time with his friends!
Corey decided that he needed to find a new job. Corey went on the internet to search for jobs. He finally found a job that seemed interesting. Corey applied for the job online. Two weeks later, Corey got an invitation to interview for the job.
Tim joined a raffle at work. The grand prize was a free vacation. Tim actually won. He and his wife got to go to the tropics. They both had a great time there.
Lisa was walking very carefully. She had a bunch of eggs in a bowl. She tripped on the carpet and fell. All of the eggs cracked! She had a huge mess to clean up.
Murphy loved writing with pens. She wished that they weren't so permanent. But she loved the way ink looked. Murphy discovered the existences of erasable pens and white-out. She grew even fonder of pens after that.
Linda needed more storage. She got a dresser with lots of drawers. She spent all afternoon filling the drawers with her clothes. Her storage issues were solved! Linda was happy that her bedroom was organized.
Phil lived a normal life, until one day he experienced kidney failure. Phil needed a transplant, so he entered the waiting list. Phil waited for weeks, and started to feel hopeless. Finally, a matching kidney donor gave Phil the kidney he needed. Phil's life was saved, and he was very thankful to the donor.
Mark was nearly finished with law school. The next step in becoming a lawyer was to pass the Bar exam. Mark studied very hard before taking the test. On the day of the test he was afraid that he wouldn't pass. Mark was happy when he got a letter telling him he had passed the test.
Molly was 17 and hadn't been driving very long. Molly's mom let her use the family car to go out with friends one day. Molly and her friends went shopping and then got in the car to go home. When Molly pulled out of the parking space she hit a pole behind her. Molly's parents were very made and revoked her driving privileges.
Dan's car tires looked a bit low. He got out his gauge to check the pressure. The gauge didn't show anything at all. Dan realized the battery in it had died. He replaced the battery and it started working again.
Kella was remodeling her kitchen. Then, mid-job, her contractor quit. Kella put a frantic ad online. Another contractor answered and said he could finish the job. He did a great job and Kella was very pleased!
Fran was enrolled an after school tutoring program. She would skip the program every day. A teacher spotted her running off one day. The teacher notified her mother. Fran now attends her after school program with her mother.
I was about to go on space mountain for the first time. I was nervous. As I sat on the cart, we started zooming. We twisted and turned very fast. I started to feel sick.
Tim suffered from dyslexia and had trouble counting. He was on the playground with other children. The other kids knew that Tim was different from them. As they played marbles together, they never cheated Tim. Tim went home happy and looking forward to tomorrow.
It was my freshman year of college. I went to an after-school hypnotist event. At the event, I was chosen to be hypnotized. He hypnotized me and surprisingly, it worked on me. I'm still not sure to this day how he got me!
Jimmy had been training for karate. He really wanted to get his black belt. He practiced his moves everyday. He demonstrated his training to his instructor. His instructor awarded him with a black belt for his hard work.
Tom was riding his motorcycle. He had his sunglasses hung on his shirt collar. Tom rode over some rocks. The glasses flew through the air. The glasses broke upon landing, Tom was upset.
Samantha dug into the ground with her shovel. She dug a good ten feet into the ground. At the bottom, she found what she was looking for. A treasure chest with gold inlays. She lifted it from the ground and claimed the gold inside.
I got paid yesterday. I got my check cashed. My wallet was in my pocket. I put the cash in my wallet. My wallet was really full.
Larry was visiting family in a different town. He got lost and asked for directions. After a while he was even more lost. He asked someone else and they gave him different directions entirely. Those took him to the right place.
Rhonda and her husband don't get along. They disagreed on dinner. Rhonda told her husband she didn't care what they had to eat. He knew she wanted sushi. Rhonda finally admitted she wanted sushi.
Tom went to the bank. He had to deposit a check. He went there to the teller. He actually left his check at home. He had to go back.
Dan noticed the tiles on his kitchen floor were lifting up. Dan decided to call his contractor about the issue. After his examination, Dan was told the tiles needed to be replaced. Dan decided to replace the tiles, and hired the contractor. Dan was pleased he was getting new tiles in the kitchen.
Lisa went to buy some cookie dough. She went and froze it. She was hungry so she went to try some. It was great. But she ended up getting sick.
When Maxwell went to India the first time, he was sick for a week. So when he went back, he was prepared. He drank bottle water only. He ate American food exclusively. But when he was sick again without reason, he went home.
The woman flirted with the man. The man asked her on a date. She accepted the offer. They went to the movies. They kissed during the movies.
Madison was really poor. She couldn't afford gifts for her family. On Christmas morning someone knocked on her door. It was some people from town with a ton of gifts for her kids. She was so grateful that people had thought of them.
Tracy's hat blew off in the wind while she was on her walk. She didn't notice what happened until she got home. She didn't feel like retracing her steps, so her husband went to look. He retraced her steps and found the hat stuck in a tree. He climbed the tree, got the hat, and went home.
The girl took a step. Her mother saw. The mother called her husband. Hew husband came home. They watched a video of the event together.
Allie was losing battery. It was unfortunate. She needed to use her phone still. She begged she could salvage a few more minutes. Luckily she got another hour out of it.
Anna was having a family picnic. Her favorite cousins were coming. To please them, she made their favorite dish, baked beans. They ate many servings of Anna's delicious baked beans. Then they complimented Anna on her great cooking skills!
Sean had a keen interest in movies. He particularly enjoyed the way that shots looked. Sean began a course on cinematography after leaving school. He studied hard and didn't get distracted. Sean is now officially a cinematographer and does a job he loves.
Charlie went to the golf course with his dad. It was raining when they arrived. They waited in the clubhouse for it stop. After waiting for an hour, they were able to tee off. Charlie played well.
Kaya rented the boat named for her, the kayak. She thought she'd be a natural. But she wasn't! In ten minutes she had flipped the kayak. Rescue crews had to come help Kaya!
Lawrence was walking home from school. And he was very hungry. He saw a McDonald's and reluctantly went inside. He ordered a burger and a chocolate shake. But afterwards, he struggled to keep walking.
Jim runs his own pest control company in Phoenix. He has a lot of customers because people do not want scorpions. He has to carry a backpack of chemicals for indoor work. He has a compressed spinal disk in his neck. Surgery next week will keep him from working for a while.
Burt was an intern at a rock music station. Burt wanted to become a radio personality. He worked his way up for two years. A deejay position had opened up. Burt ended up becoming a radio personality.
Jasper writes reviews of video games. He prefers action-oriented multiplayer games to slow, solitary fare. He has been growing dissatisfied with new games. As such, his review scores have been going down. His audience deems him out of touch and is moving away.
Susie's mom decided to send her daughter to sleepaway camp. She helped Susie pack for the trip. Susie looked nervous about the adventure. Susie's mom told her daughter a funny story about her own camp days. They laughed together and finished packing.
Rae went to her friend's house for rehearsal. She, her friend, and two others were in a stringed quartet. An hour into rehearsal, Rae received an angry call from her Mom. Her mother told her to go home immediately. Rae was grounded because she didn't ask permission to leave the house.
A local bakery sold more bread than any other in town. The baker worked hard every day to bake the loaves. One morning they ran out of flour for bread. The baker ran across town to buy more flour. Upon returning he baked all the bread he needed for the whole day.
My niece works for the RMV. The other day a man wanted to renew his license. His record showed he owed $480 as his check for fees had bounced. He tried to pay by check again, but the RMV wanted cash. He walked out without paying.
My first car was a black 1999 Toyota Corolla. It was a great car, and surely would have lasted forever. I had it from 16 to 21, when I got into a fatal car wreck. The car was totaled, and I bought something else. No car I've gotten since was as great as it was.
My brother and I grew up with candlepin bowling. We never knew ten pin bowling until we got older. We were amazed at the big balls and fat pins. We thought candlepin bowling required more skill. To this day I like candlepin bowling/
Manda and her family struggle to make ends meet. She wears the same shoes everyday and they are worn out. She was walking and looked down and found fifty dollars. She took the money to the shoe store. She bought a brand new pair of sneakers.
Robert had a very big chest. In fact, he had never opened the chest. After much thought he decided to open the chest. He had to go to a locksmith to open it. Inside, he found a lot of money.
Malik wanted to get a gift for his girlfriend. He got her a huge bouquet of flowers. There were lots of roses and tulips. She loved them! Malik was always doing very thoughtful things for her.
Fred needed to get to work but his car was broken. He decided to take the city bus to work instead. When Fred boarded the bus, he began to feel ill. After a minute, the movement of the bus caused Fred to vomit. Fred was embarrassed and had to clean up his mess.
Gina wanted to sit in her dad's car to be alone. It was the only place at her grandparents she could be alone. She found her dad in the den. She waited while he finished his important phone call. Her dad was hesitant, but he allowed her to sit in his car.
Jen was trying to cut sugar. She decided to only eat natural sources of sugar. Jen also decided to only drink water. She started to see changes in her skin tone. She was glad she made the switch.
In May, my wife, son and I went to a deli in Brookline, MA. It was a Jewish deli that had been in business for decades. We enjoyed the food. Today I found out the deli went out of business. I was very sad as there are very few delis in the area.
Tom was an attractive man. Tom went out to the bar one night. He tried talking to a few group of people and was rejected. He went home and noticed his nose hairs were very long. He blamed his nose hair for the poor social experience.
The teens went into the abandoned house. The house was really scary. The sounds in the house scared the teens. The teens jumped. The teens ran out of the house in fear.
Gabriel wanted to get a new ferret. His father wanted his to take care of it. His father got the ferret for him. Gabriel did not take care of it. His father got rid of the ferret.
Peterson wanted a tablet to play games with his friends. The only issue was he didn't have the money. Peterson worked hard and was able to get some money. After many months he had enough money to buy it. After Peterson bought the tablet, he played with his friends.
Carla loved the beach. She wanted her own beach house. Carla worked for 40 years and saved up money to buy a beach house. She was hit by a car on the day she would move into the house. Carla never got to live in her dream beach house.
Jen was starting a new school. She was both nervous and excited. She decided she was going to make the best of her new experience. When she walked into her first class, she immediately made a friend. She knew it would be a good year.
Nathan went to the playground with his mom and dad. He climbed the ladder to the big blue slide. The other kids encouraged him and cheered him on. He sat on the edge and pushed himself forward. Nathan finally went down the big blue slide!
Betty resolved to finally make her first kill. All the boys had teased her endlessly about her gender. She was now in front of a scope with the deer in her sights. Betty could not pull the trigger as the deer looked too helpless. Betty decided to go home and take out her frustrations on her husband.
Lisa wanted to see a concert with her friends. The problem was that Lisa was grounded. She decided to sneak out of the house to see the concert. Her mom caught her and extended the grounding. Now Lisa is grounded for a year!
Hip hop has always been my favorite form of music. One of the first cassette tapes I ever had was hip hop. The group was called tribe called quest. I played one of their songs "1nce Again" over and over. As I got older I never stopped listening to them.
The boy got scared. He looked for his mom. He could not find his mom. He screamed out for his mom. His mom came running.
Big Mama the frog lived with me for a few months. We put her in a large aquarium in the living room. We filled it up with rocks and sticks, and a little water. We bought flies for her from the bait shop. One day my brother decided to dissect her instead of keeping her.
Joe was unpredictable. When he left the house, he didn't know where to go. He always went to random places. One day he found a girl that also did random things. He decided to marry her because they were alike.
She was practiced at holding a poker face. She walked through the day as expressionless as a statue. Nothing could perturb her. She passed a happy couple as they shared a kiss. She broke down in tears.
Tony was walking to the store one day. His mother had sent him to buy a gallon of milk. Tony found a five dollar bill on the ground. He picked up the money. Tony used the money he found to buy candy.
Diana loved pottery. She made some beautiful pieces. She displayed it at an open house. Some people were interested in buying it. Diana was flattered they liked her work.
Ronnie was horseplaying with his friends near the pool. One of his friends shoved Ronnie. Ronnie lost his balance and fell in the pool. Ronnie realized his phone was still in his pocket. The phone was ruined and Ronnie was furious.
Samantha was a senior in high school. She was visiting colleges with her parents. She liked all the schools but Creighton was her favorite. She applied to go to several schools. She was so excited when she got into Creighton.
The United States basketball team played against Serbia for the Gold. They started off very sloppy. At one point Serbia was even winning. But then the United States got back to basics and started winning. They eventually won the Gold Medal!
Jasmine felt really bad and disappointed in herself. Her wedding was six months away and she couldn't fit in her dress. Jasmine decided to bunker down and committed to lose the weight. She ate right and went to the gym everyday for weeks on end. When her wedding day came, no one could believe how great she looked.
My wife took our car in for service yesterday. She had to take mass transit to work. She is not used to the MBTA, but managed. She planned to take the bus to get the car. Her co worker graciously gave her ride to the service station.
i hated school when i was younger. i would skip all the time. i dropped out to work. i could not find a good job. i am now homeless.
Franny was always cold. She bought a big, fluffy blanket to keep her warm. She snuggled under it while she watched a movie. It was so soft! Fran was finally warm and comfortable.
Jeff took a shower because he smelled. Jeff had been playing basketball for hours. He felt so much better after his shower. He then sat down to watch tv. Before long Jeff fell asleep.
Tom got a cookie as a treat. Before he could eat it the cookie slipped out of his hand. It landed on the floor. Tom picked it up and brushed it off. He ate it anyway and it was delicious.
Larry was riding his bike across the street. Ben rode his bike in the opposite direction. A large truck turned into the street. Ben and Larry ended up colliding into each other. They fell on a set of rocks.
Elise wanted to enter the state beauty pageant. She filled out the application and mailed it in. Elise jumped for joy when she found out she was going to compete. She wowed the judges with her confidence and beauty. No one was surprised when Elise was crowned the new beauty queen.
Allie claimed she had a gluten allergy. Her boyfriend did not believe her. So he went and switched her food. But Allie ended up having a reaction. She had to go to the hospital and her boyfriend learned his lesson.
Harry had been out walking for miles. He got lost in the woods and didn't know it. He was thirsty but ran out of water a while back. There was a puddle near by. He drank from the puddle.
Matt loved to tell made up stories with bad endings. He stayed up all night thinking of new stories. He went to school and told his friends all his new stories. They hated him and ostracized him. He became depressed and decided to stop making up stories.
Amy was anxious after she submitted her graduate school application. The admissions director emailed her with further questions. Amy answered with detailed explanations of parts of her application. A couple of days later Amy got a phone call from the director. She told Amy congratulations because her application had been approved.
Quentin decided he wanted to start attending church. He found a local church nearby his home. Quentin started going every week. He made friends there. Quentin was happy to be going to church.
My friend loves making jewelry. She decided to open an online store. She displayed all of her best pieces. The online store became a hit! Now, it is her full time job.
Gary always wanted to visit Great Adventures water park. Gary decided he would take a chance and go today. At the park, Gary saw a huge, and long water slide. Gary was nervous, but went down the long water slide. Gary was so glad he decided to come to the water park today.
My aunt was on the way home from work Tuesday. She had to take the bus because her car is broken. It was fairly full and she had nowhere to sit. A stranger offered her his seat. She took it and thanked him kindly.
Viola was playing in her living room. She wanted to make the light colored so she put a blanket on the lamp. Before she realized, the blanket had caught on fire. She rushed to get her parents. Luckily they put out the fire, but her blanket was ruined.
Reggie had pain in his mouth and had to get his wisdom teeth removed. Reggie went to the dentist and saw another patient exiting in pain. He didn't want to appear sad, and determined to be upbeat afterwards. He was put under for the first time having no idea what to expect. He bounded out of the bed talking wildly, ripping his mouth stitches.
Amy had a microwave that she purchased in her dorm room. She no longer shared it with her roommate. One day she tried to heat up her food and it wouldn't come on. She tried everything but the microwave no longer worked. Amy knew her roommate had broken it out of spite.
In 2013 i joined my friend's non profit group, Inti. It was a soccer school for poor kids. I did grant writing and fundraising. I worked with another board member. I left in 2016 as fundraising became increasingly difficult.
I went to the ocean to SCUBA dive. It was windy and there were a lot of waves. We put our masks on and got in the water. The water was muddy from the big waves and we couldn't see anything. You can't SCUBA dive in water that is murky.
The first day of school was approaching fast. Michael loved to stay up late and watch movies. His parents told him to make sure he gets enough rest. But he didn't listen. Michael was late for the first day of school.
MaryJane gathered all the ingredients on the counter. She followed the recipe step by step. She slid the first pan into the oven and waited. When the timer went off she pulled the baked goodies out of the oven. She served her friends the fresh baked cookies at lunch.
Anna was hiking in the woods. She fell into a ravine. Her toe was crushed beneath a rock! She had to limp back home. There, she called an ambulance.
Danny wanted to visit the circus. His father promised to take him on the weekend. Danny was amazed at how big the tent was. Danny even got to ride an elephant in front of the crowd. He couldn't wait til the circus came in town again.
Rachel made a delicious soup. She got a big ladle out of the drawer. She scooped up the soup with it. Just as she went to pour it into the bowl, she dropped the ladle. The soup splattered everywhere.
I cheered on Diana as she was playing the guitar. Her voice was in harmony with her sequence of guitar notes. However, a fly flew into her mouth. She immediately stopped to spit the fly out. I ran across the audience to help her out.
Ron was playing cards with his sister. Ron continually won all the games. His sister got upset and cried. She told their mother that Ron was cheating. Ron's mother fussed at Ron.
Larry wants to be an actor. He has been auditioning for several roles. He got a callback for a movie last Friday. Larry has been so excited. Although he doesn't like the movie's premise.
Anna wanted some wonton soup. She ordered some from her local Chinese restaurant. But when she picked it up, it had only two wontons in it! Anna returned to the restaurant with her soup. The cashier apologized and gave her many extra wontons!
Two friends had an argument. They thought their friendship was over. One day, they decided to make up. They told each other they really wanted to be friends. They decided to be friends forever!
Robert had gained weight. He had a favorite pair of pants. Unfortunately the pants fit him too tight now. He still tried to wear them out one night. They ripped and he had to go home early.
Evelyne was scared of shoes. One day she went to the mall. There was a shoe section next to her. It was full of shoes. Evelyne fainted.
Anna and her friend were playing at the beach. Then Anna had a great idea. She knew pirates buried their pressure on the beach. She and her friend hurriedly began digging for treasure. To their dismay, though, they found none.
Simpson loved to play many sports. One day, he broke his hand. It hurt a lot but Simpson did not cry. After many months, his hand stopped hurting. Now, Simpson does not play any sports.
Eli heard a scary noise from the living room! It sounded like a rodent scratching or something. He rushed out to see what it was. The lid to the coffee maker wasn't down all the way. Eli watched it hiss and then put a pan on top of it.
Mimi fell in love with Al way before she saw his house. His house was a 20 year old trailer that was falling apart and filthy. Mimi tried to clean it up but Al was sentimental and a collector. They both decided the trailer wouldn't make it long enough to retire. So they decided to move and take the collectibles with them.
Ann loved making custom cigarette lighter cases. She decided to try to sell her lighter cases on the internet. Her custom cigarette lighter cases were a big hit. Ann made a lot of money from her cigarette cases. Ann was then able to afford treatment to kick her smoking habit.
Tessa and her friend Sarah we're going to see The Suicide Squad movie. Sarah already bought her ticket in advance so Tessa got in line. Sarah went to get seats and when it was Tessa's turn it was sold out. So Tessa bought a ticket for another movie. Tessa gave her ticket to the ticket taker and snuck in to meet Sarah.
Amy was driving to work listening to the radio. A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of. She let the first few lines of the song play waiting for nostalgia. After 1 minute she turned the radio off. She was still sour on the song after all this time.
Sandra was a very large woman. She complained she was sick of being ashamed. She strut into the party with her head held high. She declared she was there to be colorful and occupy space. A fellow party goer noted so we're landfills.
Arlene couldn't find her pearl necklace. She decided that the babysitter had stolen them. She called the babysitter's mom and demanded they pay for the pearls. The babysitter's mother burst into tears. Later that night, Arlene found the necklace in her bathroom.
My coworker's daughter started high school in September. She was a good soccer player in middle school. She went to try out for junior varsity soccer. When she got to the field she froze and did not try. My coworker said his daughter was just too afraid.
Lilly dreamed of owning her own store. In her late 20s, she opened shop selling antiques. The business wasn't very profitable. She had very few sales. Lilly had to close her shop.
LLoyd was out partying one night. He was having a great time. He was also drinking a little too much. Lloyd reached for his wallet to pay his tab. Lloyd couldn't believe it wasn't there!
A bird took off from its nest and headed towards a house. He circled the yard for a while. When it looked safe, the bird got closer. He landed on a tree branch and looked for a cat. The bird saw no cat so he fluttered to the bird feeder.
Tabitha wanted a cat. She loved them very much. But she was allergic. So she took allergy pills. And Tabitha bought a cat the next day.
James recently bought a new house. He decided to start adding on. He hired a contractor to build the new addition. He did not realize how much it would cost. His new addition ended up costing a fortune.
Frieda wanted some oatmeal. She decided to boil some milk. Soon after, she lost track of time. The milk boiled over onto the stove. She was unable to make her oatmeal in such a mess.
Britt was determined to write a novel. He had so many ideas in his head. He just need to put them on paper. One day he decided to lock himself in his office. As the days passed, he typed out his book and it was complete.
James was taking an online test to win 1 grand. He was told not to use the internet to find the answers. James tried very hard to follow the rules and not cheat. He found problems he couldn't answer and looked online for the answers. He won the contest but he felt really guilty and confessed to cheating.
Ronald is afraid of being arrested. He has heard the food in jail is terrible. Bologna does not agree with Ronald's digestive system. One day, Ronald thought about committing a crime. Because of prison food, Ronald decided to not break the law.
Our daughter works for a college in New York. She has to go to Shanghai every year to help conduct a symposium. She did not want to go because her daughter is only 18 months old. She had to go, though, for a week in October. When our daughter returned she hugged her child a lot.
I was eating on my patio. A crow appeared. It was trying to steal my food. It was relentless. So, I threw a butter knife at it and it flew away.
Tom wanted to see the country. Tom decided to take a road trip. Tom packed his bags. Tom rented a vehicle. Tom took a grand road trip and saw the country.
Kate wanted to run errands during a break in the rain. She grabbed her purse and ran to the door. The phone rang. She stopped to answer it. Before the call ended the rain had begun again.
I was driving down a strange highway at night. Suddenly, my car started shaking and bumping. My car eventually stopped and I soon realized that I ran out of gas. I called my insurance company as my phone died. Thirty minutes later, they arrived with fresh gas for my car.
Melissa decided to make something she'd never made before. She found a recipe for meatloaf. Melissa mixed the ingredients and put it in a pan. She popped it in the oven and waited. She couldn't wait to eat it!
Tyler was riding his four wheeler. He was on a trail behind his house. The four wheeler got stuck in the mud. Tyler walked back to his house. He asked his dad to help him out.
Our apartment has an odor somewhere. We can't seem to find it. Instead of looking more we just gave up. We have air fresheners everywhere now. The odor is gone.
Angela wanted to start her own business. She was tired of working for someone else. She baked bagels and thought she could make money this way. She rented a small shop and opened the business. Angela was very successful.
Amy and her husband were on vacation. She'd always dreamed of touching a dolphin. They paid to get in the pool with it. She squealed with delight when it swam by her. She thought it was an amazing creature!
Ken bought a new pair of sneakers. He was really hyped up over them. ON the first day he accidentally stepped in a puddle. It ruined Ken's new shoes. He never wore them out again.
Zak's mom was always bugging him about his shoe laces. They were always untied, but that was his business. Then one day at school he tripped over them. When he fell he broke his ankle. He decided to keep his laces tied from now on.
Greg went to his farm often to check on animals. After a real heavy rain, the hard ground was now soft mud. When he tried to drive off the property, he got his truck stuck. He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck. He went immediately and purchased a 4-wheel drive truck.
An air conditioner fell in the office. Several objects started to fall afterwards. Everyone had to evacuate the building after an announcement. The office was relocated since the building was deteriorating. We didn't return into next year.
My dishwasher is broken. I hate to hand wash dishes. The dirty dishes have piled up in the sink. Soon, I won't have any clean ones left. I force myself to wash them all.
My friend Charlie (a white man) told me a story from his youth. When he was 18 he met a woman in Bombay. He spent a month there, drinking and smoking hash. He had a lot of sex with her, but she left him. At 62, Charlie told me he misses his wild youth.
Caleb was walking home from school one day. He was in a bad part of town so he kept his eyes out. Suddenly he heard screeching tires and popping. Someone in a car shot at Caleb and hit him. Luckily an ambulance arrived and Caleb was going to be okay.
Bobby hated broccoli. His mom made him sit at the table until he ate what was on his plate. Finally his dog walked up when his mom wasn't looking. He slid the broccoli to her, hoping she'd eat it. When his mom came back the broccoli was all gone.
Jaquon loved cocaine. He was always looking for cocaine related activities to do. He saw a flier for line dancing. So he grabbed a quarter of coke and headed to the dance club. Jaquon clearly made a huge mistake.
Bob wanted to find a new hobby. His friend suggested that he study the works of great leaders. Bob saw his life dramatically improve after this. He attributed this to studying the works of those leaders. Bob found a hobby he enjoyed for much of his life.
Ann thought she was a good writer. So when she received a C on her English paper, she was sad. She could not believe her grade. But she accepted her teacher's criticism. Ann realized she had a lot to learn about writing.
Amy had to go outside to get to the class in the adjacent building. When she got to the door it was locked. Amy knocked but there was no one to let her in. She went to the door she came out of only to find it locked as well. Amy had to walk around the building to the front door to get back in.
The man bit into an apple. The apple tasted sour. He spit the apple out. His wife liked sour apples. She took the apple from him.
Marley loved to bake. Her friend challenged her to bake the best cake. Marley lost track of the time. The cake burnt. She did not win the competition.
Josh was a senior in high school. He was not sure where he wanted to go to school. He had a top three list. He started making visits. He finally decided on the University of Mississippi.
Last year, my family went to Hawaii for spring break. The weather was beautiful and we had so much fun. My brother and I swam in the ocean every day. By the end of the week, we were so sun burnt! Overall, the fun we had outweighed the pain from the sun burn.
My first chess match was against a stranger at a park. It was at one of those concrete chess tables. He beat me within a few moves. I was impressed and asked him how he did it. He said he wasn't an idiot like me.
Sam missed too many days of work and was fired. He needed to pay his bills, so he searched for a new job. After looking in the newspaper, he found a job offer as a salesman. Sam went to an interview and got the job. Sam became a successful salesman and could easily pay his bills.
Ray invited his classmate Callie for dinner. He admired Callie very much and wanted to show her that. But he realized he couldn't afford any fancy restaurant in town! So he decided to cook her dinner himself - a fancy, elegant dinner! Callie said she was more impressed by his cooking than any restaurant.
There was only five minutes left in the game. Danny dribbled the ball towards the goal. He ran past the the last defender. He kicked the ball towards the net. The goalie caught the ball.
Sasha was trying to enroll her child in preschool. She hadn't realized how complex the applications and forms would be. She was lacking the required birth certificate. Luckily, a friendly teacher noticed her dilemma. She told her that it was fine and Sasha was able to turn in her form.
Lucy loved skating. She tried to skate as often as she could. Her coach told her about a competition. Lucy then decided she was going to. In the end, Lucy won gold.
Zach took up amateur bodybuilding when he was a teenager. He has been working hard for years and decided to compete. He entered a competition in Chicago. He ended up winning first place! He got to be featured on the cover of a bodybuilding magazine!
The babysitter arrived, and the couple head out for some fun. Their first stop was at a local Thai restaurant. Then, they headed for chocolate fondue. Later, they went and played pool at a sports bar. They finished the night with a walk in the moonlight.
Allie was a soccer player. She had the biggest game of the year today. It stressed her out. She ended up making a foul ball. It ruined the entire game.
Johnny wanted pizza for lunch. He had a good recipe for pizza crust. Johnny mixed up the dough. He then realized he was out of cheese. Johnny went ahead and made his first pizza without cheese.
Susan was driving to work. It was a very busy morning on the roads. Suddenly she got hit by a car. The car bumped right into her, as she was turning. Thankfully nobody was hurt.
Lacy was getting ready for her son's birthday. She had just finished his cake and was about to bring it out. Her husband came in and saw the cake. He asked why she hadn't done his favorite character for the cake. Lacy realized that she had done the wrong character for the cake.
Agnes and Allen were planning on marrying. They decided they did not want to start a family soon. They made an appointment together at a local women's clinic. With the medical personnel there they discussed family planning. They chose a birth control method that made the most sense for them.
Kelly went and got a new shirt. She needed one quite badly. After she got it though, she was disappointed. It did not fit properly. Kelley had to return it.
Lamie Mcramie knew it had to be done. His entire life was building towards this moment. He knew that this was why he trained so hard. He went up to the girl of his dreams. And headbutted her in the face.
Rachel has a degree in Linguistics. Every time she shares this, people always ask the same question. They ask how many languages Rachel speaks. Rachel is tired of explaining what Linguistics is. Rachel is only fluent in English.
Todd had a head full of curly hair. One day he began to itch his head. The itch continued to worsen every day for a week. He looked into his hair to investigate what could be causing the itch. He discovered his entire head was infested with a bunch of lice!
The cowboy came to town for the rodeo. He was determined to win. He drew his bull's name. He got on his bull and hung on tight. He beat his record time and won.
I work at Dairy Queen and a woman came in irate. She was screaming about me about a cake she bought last week. She put it in the cupboard and it melted. I told her all we sell is ice cream cakes. She demanded a full refund because she let her cake melt.
Year's have passed since Hector last tried to write a novel. He once considered himself a great writer, but he lost his drive. One day, after a trip to South Africa, Hector decides to write again! When he finishes the novel, he knows it is his best writing yet. Hector deeply regrets that he had stopped writing for so long.
Jeff liked to walk his dog around the pond at the park. One day during their walk the dog escaped from his leash. He quickly ran into the pond. The dog could not swim. Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog.
On Thursday we ordered takeout food for dinner. We like a nearby Italian restaurant. However, their delivery service is unreliable. We took a chance and ordered. Surprisingly, the food came within thirty minutes.
My hair was really tangled this morning. I went to the store and bought a better brush. I brushed out my hair. It really hurt. But now my hair looks nice.
Ed's husband loved his eggs sunny side up. Ed had tried to make them a million times. He'd never succeeded, but this time he was determined. He cooked them perfectly and carefully slide the spatula under. Then-Voila-Ed served his husband perfect sunny-side-up eggs!
Mark has always loved adventure. One day he and his friends are riding their bikes down a steep hill. Riding in front of others, Mark slips and falls. His leg is broken and he now needs to use crutches. Mark decides to stop living so adventurously.
Donald wanted to run for president. He promised that he would be the best president there ever was. He said that he wanted to make America great again. However, nobody believed his wild claims. He was forced to abandon the race and go back to his business.
Tim was driving home for the holidays. A winter storm rolled in. The streets were covered in snow. Tim kept driving at a slow pace. He barely made it to his relative's.
Sammy liked to write books in his free time. His girlfriend knew he was eyeing an expensive desk and chair. She saved every extra penny for 3 months to buy it for him. On his birthday, Sammy was presented with a huge wrapped present. He opened it and squealed with joy.
Martin had a party for his friends. He just bought a nice house. He had white furniture and white carpets everywhere. His friend accidentally poured a red wine on the carpet. Martin did not seemed to care too much, he can afford to buy a new one.
Alice started online school. Her school had recently caught some bad publicity. Alice didn't believe it. Then she had to stop going to school since her advisors didn't call. Alice believes the bad publicity now.
I invited my friend Jane to mini-golf with me, hopefully being a date. She accepted and I picked her up 3 o'clock sharp. She dressed for the occasion, stunning as always. We got to talking and laughing, as I rolled into the parking lot. We got out and got to playing, as I realized she'll have to be mine.
Mark is interested in making his city better. He has a relationship with the mayor from a past business endeavor. Mark calls the mayor and asks how he can get involved with the city. The mayor tells mark he should run for city council. Mark runs for city council and is elected to manage the city parks.
Greg liked being outside. He went to a local park to sit in the grass. He watched the people go by. He also watched the cute dogs being walked. Greg was happiest when he was outdoors.
Jim really wanted to camp on the island. After pleading for weeks he finally convinced his mom. While on the island he heard a very strange noise. He got in his canoe and paddled to shore as fast as he could. His mom, back on the island let out a laugh to herself.
Jess was coming down with the flu. She was scheduled to work. Jess called her boss to see if someone could take her place. Her boss told her not to worry about it. Jess stayed home until she felt better.
Bob was walking the fairgrounds. He noticed the people as they passed him by. There he saw her, standing by the ferris wheel. Finally he approached her, and she smiled in return. They chatted all night, and have been inseparable since.
It was cold in Samuel's house. He wanted to start a fire in the fireplace. He had no wood, but he was desperate. He broke up an old chair to use for wood. After a couple minutes, the chair was burning and he was warm!
Kim wanted to paint her living room olive green. She was confident she could finish the project alone. After covering the furniture she painted the room. When done she removed the tarp to discover one had a hole. Kim was disappointed to see a 12" paint stain on her carpet.
Sheryl had a secret. She was afraid of lighting matches! She had never done it without screaming and dropping the match. When her boyfriend found this out, he decided he must help her. He guided her through the steps until her silly fear was gone.
The ferry from Quincy to Boston just started up again. In 2008, I took the ferry with a coworker. We worked for the MBTA and got a free ride. Later, the ferry was canceled due to low ridership. The current ferry is much smaller and might be more successful.
Sam loved to play with Legos. Sam built a huge tower out of the Legos. Sam's brother liked to run around the house. Sam's brother didn't look where he was going! He ran right into Sam's tower!
My friends and I wanted to go to the movie theater. We decided to sneak in snacks so we would not have to pay for food. Most of us brought candy. One friend brought a plate tub of macaroni. We were eventually kicked out because the macaroni smelled too strong.
Kat's favorite toy was a blue teddy bear. The bear's ear fell off. Kat was upset and began to cry. Kat's mother mended the teddy bear. Kat's mother gave the bear back to Kat.
Jim wanted to go to a party that weekend. His dad said he could go if he did all his chores. Jim went right to work cleaning and scrubbing. He got all his work done by Friday night. Then Jim happily headed out to the party!
The man turned it on. It did not respond. The man unplugged it. He took it apart. He could never get that thing to work.
The day of the big football game the star player gets sick. Ken the star football player does his best to give it all he has. So he takes some medicine and suits up for action. Ken battles and fights through sickness to play. His team comes out with a victory because Ken played.
Tim was a first generation American. His parents always wanted him to be a doctor. Tim studied hard from an early age. He was able to get into a good college and pursue the career. His parents cried many tears of joy at his graduation.
Amy needed new shoes. Amy saw that there was a sale at a local store. Amy went shopping at the store for an hour. She tried on many different types of shoes. Amy left the store with 3 new pairs of shoes.
The gym class always played interesting games. They decided to try badminton. They hit the birdie over the next, back and forth. Soon, they were all very good at the game. The games got very competitive and fun.
Jessie woke up and saw that it had snowed overnight. She was hoping that school was canceled. Her mom told her there was no school today due to snow! In her excitement to go out and play Jessie forgot to wear a coat! When she came back in she sneezed a lot and caught a cold!
Fred had a really fast motorcycle. He wanted to break a land speed record. He went with his team out to test it. Fred was afraid of the bikes power but held on. He was able to beat the record.
Jack recently purchased a female dog. Jack was happy, but couldn't think of a name. He decided to watch tv and notice a cartoon. The cartoon was Jack and Jill. Jack decided to name his dog Jill.
Jake loved collecting stamps. He had several books full of them. His collection wasn't worth much. To him, though, it was invaluable. Jake kept it his entire life.
At school, I was having a hard time seeing the blackboard clearly. At baseball practice, he was having trouble catching and hitting. He was also being bothered by recurring headaches. His parents realized he needed glasses, which didn't make Ty happy. Once he got the glasses, though, he felt great because he could see!
Sarah wanted to mow her lawn. When she got the lawn mower out, she realized it was broken! Sarah spent all afternoon trying to fix it herself. Eventually exhausted, she called her dad for help. Her dad came right over and got it fixed in 10 minutes.
Jenny was crouched behind the fence. She had hand-packed thirty snowballs. Her brother came around the corner. Jenny stood to throw her snowballs. Five armed boys showered her with snowballs.
Maria was on vacation. She decided to skip her diet for a week. Maria ate rich foods everyday. She didn't exercise like she normally did. Maria gained five pounds on her vacation.
There lived a tiny mouse inside a modest house. He was thankful for his crumbs of cheese that fell every now and then. One day there was a block of cheese waiting for him outside his home. The mouse felt such joy that he proceeded to eat without hesitation. To his dismay it was his last attempt, for it was a deadly trap.
I had a report due on Spain. I used the computer and books to do my research. I took many notes. I learned a lot about Spain. My teacher enjoyed my final report.
The two teams were meeting in the finals. The match was going to be a very intense one. Each team gave their all. The red team won by one point. The spectators clapped and cheered.
Mason had always wanted to pick apples in Vermont. Finally he made some friends who shared his dream. They drove together to Vermont one fall day. Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day. He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true.
Yesterday I went to the local pizza parlor. The food was absolutely delicious. Problem was I was eating a slice and it fell to the ground. I threw it away but was disappointed my food was wasted. Luckily they gave me another slice free.
The boy sat at the table. He was alone. The crowd at a nearby table invited the boy over. The boy refused. The boy felt lonely.
My buddies and me drove to Las Vegas for some fun. We were staying in a big hotel right on the strip. We went out the very night that we arrived. We went to one of the big arcades in the city. We had no interest in gambling.
Lisa has a drug addiction. While on the phone begging her friend for money she realizes something. She realizes she needs to get clean and drugs are ruining her life. She talks to the friend who assist her to a place for rehab. Lisa goes to rehab and cures her addiction.
Martha has never liked wearing deodorant. However, her students notice that she has bad body odor. One day they tell her she needs to start wearing deodorant. Martha tries deodorant and is surprised that it isn't that bad. Now she doesn't mind wearing deodorant at all.
It was Gabe's first day at a new job. He was very nervous about starting. His best friend told him to relax, as everything would be fine. Gabe decided to follow his advice. He was pleasantly surprised to find that everyone was friendly.
The man listened to his headphones. He turned the volume up to high. The sound hurt his ears. He ripped the headphones off. The headphones broke.
Fred went to the beach with mike. Mike put sunscreen on. But Fred didn't. At the end of the trip Fred was like a lobster. He was far too red and in pain.
Ricky had a day off from work. He was having a lazy afternoon watching TV. But he could not find anything good on! Then his wife popped in a DVD. He enjoyed his day off with his wife watching movies!
Grandma was trying to take out the trash. She didn't pay attention to where she was going. She slipped and tried to catch herself on the door handle. She wasn't able to hold on and ended up cutting her leg. She had to go get staples in her leg.
The man was clumsy. He knocked everything in the house over. His wife got fed up with the mess. She arranged things differently. The man reduced his rate of knocking things over.
Bryan came down with a severe headache. He sought a cure and took some medicine. After a long nap, his headache persisted. Bryan decided to take a cold shower. Finally his headache went away.
Eve left cat food outside to feed the stray cats. However, she realized she was actually feeding raccoons. They started going through her garbage. She came home to see her garbage bags ripped all over the road. Eve stopped leaving cat food outside.
Tom wanted to have a romantic evening. He got a lot of candles. It took him a long time to light them all. Tom accidentally bumped one over. He almost started a small fire.
Grace and Joe were neighbors. Grace decided to throw a party and she invited Joe. Joe brought Grace flowers at the party. Grace loved the flowers that Joe gave her. They talked for hours at the party and fell in love.
Jake was at a garage sale. He found a violin he liked. He bought it for a decent price. When he got home he went online. It turned out to be worth much more.
Miguel was dead set on experiencing New York as a true native. He took the buses and subways. He walked up and down the streets of Manhattan. On his last day, he felt like something was missing. He hurried to a cart and ordered a hotdog in triumph.
Maria confessed to her friends that she is homosexual. Although her friends accepted her sexual orientation, they looked mad. In class, they were making jokes about homosexuals. In the hall, they also pointed at Maria and laughed. Maria tried to ignore their jokes and walked away.
Tyler is moving away from his home town. He is going to California to become an actor. His brother threw him a huge going away party. He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends. He promised to stay in touch with each of them.
Kelly decided she wanted to try the new frozen yogurt place. As soon as she walked in, everything looked great She immediately tried every flavor. Kelly decided to get chocolate with pineapple on top. It was absolutely delicious.
Lindsay did not feel well. She decided after a week to go see her doctor. Her doctor ordered tests to be run. It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out. Lindsay scheduled the surgery.
Kaley went to the bar last night. She had a really great time with her friends. Unfortunately Kaley dropped her phone in her drink. Kaley thinks her phone has water damage. She went home and put her phone in rice when the night was over.
Bill was riding his skateboard one day. He was riding fairly fast but not paying attention to the sidewalk. There was a small pebble right in front of him. One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw Bill into the air. He ended up chipping a tooth that day.
Tom always loved riding roller coasters. He hadn't ridden one since he was a kid. He bought tickets to a park and stood in line to ride one. During the ride he grew very ill. Afterwards he threw up and swore them off forever.
I took up gymnastics as a young girl. I was learning how to do the balance beam. I ended up falling off the beam and breaking my ankle. I was completely embarrassed. The next day at school, I had to use crutches.
Edna bought a pair of shoes online. They arrived in the mail. Edna tried on the shoes. They were too small for her feet. Edna gave the shoes to her sister who fit in the shoes.
I had dinner alone on Monday. My wife went to a baseball game. I ordered sushi for delivery. The sushi was very fresh, but the order was small. I heated up a piece of leftover pizza.
Tina was wearing white pants. She accidentally sat on strawberry jam. She was horrified that it looked like something else. Her co-workers saw and made weird looks. Tina found a sweater to wear over it.
I was eating at a bar. I got the paycheck. I thought the service was bad so I didn't tip. The waiter shouted at me for not tipping. I felt bad and decided to give him two dollars.
I almost lost my friend one day. He was beating me at tennis. I said that it was because he was wearing my shorts. He gave me back my shorts. But we did not play any more that day.
Megan's boyfriend said mean things about her online. They had gotten back together. Her parents said they should break up. Meagan started dating a boy named Zach a year ago. She was lonely before that.
Simon and Joey were playing a video game. The power went out in the middle of their game. They decided to play Magic the Gathering until the power was restored. They had a lot of fun playing the card game together. They continued to play Magic even after the power came back on.
Stephen wanted a cardigan for his birthday. Sally bought one for him. She wrapped it up. She wrote a note. She gave it to him!
Tina was sitting in her home. She suddenly smelled smoke. She didn't know where it was coming from. She looked everywhere. It turns out her neighbors were burning pizza next door.
Every year there is a wing fest in Buffalo. They have an eating competition . They also have all these different flavored wings to try. Everyone comes down to the big event. It is something we always look forward to.
Uri was reading a book in his quiet house. He needed some light so he turned on a lamp. Suddenly, the bulb popped and shattered. Uri didn't know what it was and quickly unplugged the lamp. He threw it out just in case it was a fire hazard.
Beth's student loans just kicked in last week. She doesn't have near enough money to start those payments. She decided to get a part time job in the evenings. Even though she is always tired now she does like the extra income. She now has enough to pay off her student loans.
Fred had been jogging for several miles. And it was hard to keep his mind off of food. He passed by several restaurants during his jog. And he decided to finally eat at one. Starving, Fred ordered $20 worth of burgers and fries for himself.
One week a couple received a call from an old friend. The friend planned to be in town and asked to stay with the couple. They spent the week cleaning their home. However, at the last minute the friend said he couldn't make it. They were disappointed but happy that they had a clean house.
I bought a vinyl record from a thrift store to listen to. I saw that one of my favorite songs in the middle of the B side. I placed the record on my turntable and started it up. I dropped the needle where I thought the song was. The record played a different song and I listened to the end.
A young man named James went to a party. He saw a beautiful girl wearing red shoes. He wanted to say hello to her. Unfortunately Jame was too shy and she left before he could. The next day James saw the girl with the red shoes again at the store.
Jim had to walk to school on a rainy day. He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket. He got his umbrella from the closet. Jim stepped outside into the pouring rain. He quickly opened his umbrella in order to stay dry as he walked.
Chrissy begged her parents to host an exchange student. Her parents said they would think it over. Chrissy waited eagerly. Finally they summoned her into the parlor to tell her their answer. She was thrilled to hear that her parents had agreed to host!
Tom went to church with his family. They passed around a collection plate. Tom didn't want to give any money. Others around him made him feel bad about it. Tom didn't go back to church.
Mark grew a beard. Sally does not like his beard. They made a bet on the football game. Sally won the bet. Mark cried after he shaved his beard off.
Jimmy was always exploring the country. He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over. Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue. His wife worried about him when he didn't call during those times. Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions.
The school Christmas play was approaching fast. They were having tryouts for a week long. Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play. She sang very well at her audition. They gave Stacy a lead part for the play's choir.
Merle was 85 years old and in a retirement home. Today he was out in his mobility unit cruising around the grounds. He made several turns and all of a sudden became lost. A couple of assistants found him in a neighboring park. They brought him back to the home and put a gps tracker on him.
Sydney put her princess costume and tiara on. She went next door to the neighbor's house when it got dark. The neighbors opened their door. Sydney held out her treat bag. The neighbors put a handful of Halloween candy in her bag.
Sam wanted to pet the neighbor's dog. He is allergic to dogs and his mom said no. He scratched the dog's ear quickly. Later his eyes were swelled up. He didn't pet the neighbor's dog anymore.
Andy was the head of the school board. They held a meeting to hire new teachers. The school board had narrowed it down to some great candidates. They voted to hire all five of them. The candidates were excited to work at that school.
Ben has been with his girl for 8 months. While out on a date for ice cream. Ben's girlfriend tells him things aren't like they used to be. Ben's girlfriend then tells him it is over. Ben is heartbroken and goes home to cry.
Ricky was starving. He called Olive Garden and ordered takeout. Then he drove to pick it up. He couldn't wait to get home and eat it. Ricky loved eating Italian food!
John was trying to decide what college to attend. He had narrowed it down to a few schools he really liked. He made arrangements to tour each campus. After the tours, he thought hard about which one to attend. He made his choice and couldn't wait to go.
I had a neighbor when I was a kid. Her name was Morgan. I used her pool sometimes. They moved away. My family went to visit them.
Jed was spending a day on the beach. He rented a jet ski for the day. Jed spent the day on the jet ski. He returned the jet ski at the end of the day. Jed left the beach.
Carlos wanted to eat sushi for dinner. But he realized that he didn't have all of the right ingredients. He had salmon. But he wasn't sure if it was safe to eat raw. Carlos worried as he ate his pieces of salmon sushi.
Lisa was hungry after she got off of work. She looked online for some good places to order from. She decided on pizza and placed her order online. Her pizza was delivered in 30 minutes. She was happy and her belly was full.
Mike was supposed to walk home from work. That night, it was raining hard. He decided to run to get out of the cold as fast as possible. As he ran, he almost slipped in the rain. Luckily he made it home safely in half of the time.
Jessica was very soft spoken. No one could ever hear what she was saying. One day, for fun, someone stole her lunch at school. She screamed so much that everyone was stunned. Jessica got her lunch back but no one dared stealing her lunch again.
Marcus had never eaten anything that wasn't completely cooked before. He also didn't particularly want to! But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live. Marcus went along, and was served live prawns. It was an odd, but not entirely bad, experience.
Henry and his girlfriend went to the beach. They set up a picnic table in the sand. However, a gust of wind blew in their direction. Sand flew into the meat, vegetables and bread. Since the food was ruined, Henry took his girlfriend to a restaurant.
I accidentally left the webcam running on my work computer. I discovered it running when I came to work the next morning. I played back the video from the previous evening. On the video I was shocked to find something unusual. It was footage of the cleanup crew eating the apple on my desk!
Eli was having a horrid life. He decided to kill himself. He stood on a bridge, trying to find a reason to live. The cops arrived and told him to come down or they'd shoot. As Eli decided he wanted to live and started down, the cops shot him.
Art was sick of wearing glasses. He wanted to get contacts, but he was worried. He thought they would be very difficult to put in. His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with. To his joy, Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert!
Margaret was rollerblading in her house. She made laps around the couch while her children laughed. She tripped and fell onto the television. The television fell over and crashed. Margaret regretted doing something so stupid.
Fred worked at a grocery store that was about to go on strike. He was nervous because he didn't really believe in it. Fred diligently lined up with his co-workers on the picket line. They yelled and got angry at customers crossing their line. Fred finally had enough and got a job at a non-union store.
I hired a tutor to help me with my math class. My teacher gave me a take-home test. I showed it to my tutor but didn't tell him it was a test. He answered all the questions on the test. I received an A in the class.
Tim was working on his car. His little kid wanted to help. Tim had him grab tools for him. Half the time it was the wrong tool. Tim enjoyed the bonding experience regardless.
On August 6, our building held a cookout. The manager took a lot of photos. The building website kept promising photos. Finally , the photos were posted today. My wife found our photo and put it on Facebook.
Dave was playing at Chuck E Cheese's. A manager came by and said he was too old. Dave insisted he was only 12. The manager asked for his id. Dave handed it to him, and it showed he was born in 1980.
Danny's dad was taking trash to the dump. He decided to bring Danny with him. When they got to the dump, Danny got out of the car to tie his shoe. Not realizing this, Danny's dad accidentally left him there! It took him five minutes for him to realize and go back for Danny.
My wife retired a few weeks ago. She decided to watch a movie today. She had recorded several on dvr but never had the time to watch them. She bought candy yesterday for the occasion. I am not sure which movie she will watch.
Ina decided to volunteer at a daycare center. She said she would read to the kids. Each afternoon she sat them into a big circle. Then she read aloud from a storybook. Ina and the kids all looked forward to story hour!
Taylor wants to watch Reign on Netflix. Her boyfriend wants to watch The Walking Dead. They can't decide which to watch. The boyfriend suggest they flip a coin, the boyfriend flips it. The coin lands on tails and Taylor wins, they watched Reign.
Tim and May were rowing back to the sandy beach. Just in front of their canoe, a large trout leaped out of the water. It gulped down some mosquitoes and splashed back into the lake. After a few moments, another fish broke through the surface. It seemed that it was dinner time at the lake.
Timmy constantly played rap music on his phone. The music drove his parents crazy. One night his parents snuck into his room. They took his phone and hid it. Although Timmy was quite angry, his parents finally had some quiet.
Rocky and Bri dated for 3 years. In those 3 years they had 2 sons. They loved their sons, but Rocky and Bri couldn't stop fighting. They fought so much that they started to hate each other. Rocky and Bri broke up and are very bitter to one another.
I went shopping for a new bag. There was one that i saw that I just loved. When I got the store it wasn't there. I was so upset I decide to just by something else and go home. I ended up finding the bag at another store.
My wife had never tried cooking on the grill. I decided one day to teach her how to use the grill. At first, she was a little scared and afraid to try. However, with my help, she cooked an amazing steak dinner for us. Now, I can't keep up with all of the amazing food she is grilling.
My mom has a rare blood disease. She gets a treatment for it every other week. I go with her sometimes to keep her company. She's always positive and I never understood why until I asked. Pointing she said because kids like him get sick and they still smile.
It was my first semester in college. I wasn't feeling well and went to the doctor. The doctor informed that I was diabetic. I was so depressed and my grades failed from missed class. I was kicked out of college and moved back home.
Dan is not feeling well. Dan aches and is sneezing. He needs to go to the doctor. Dan gets medicine from the doctor. Dan likes going to the doctor.
She opened her email and then immediately closed it. The thirty six emails from him had scared her. She decided to go on social media, but immediately closed the page. Her heart thumped as she contemplated his last DM to her. She knew now, he truly was watching her.
My current husband asked me to be his girlfriend six years ago. I remember the night very well. We were outside on a balcony when he asked me. There was a huge booger hanging out of his nose. I thought it was adorable and said I would be his girlfriend.
Flo made a bad stock investment. She was informed that orange juice was about to skyrocket. She invested $10,000 of her life savings. Flo waited intently for her broker to call her. Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice.
John went to the movie store. He wanted to look through what they had. He wanted to see a movie that night. He was not really sure what type he wanted. He did find a good comedy to watch.
Catherine wished her new dress had pockets. She decided to sew some in. She worked very carefully but messed it up. Catherine regretted attempting the alteration. She sewed the dress back up and decided she didn't need pockets.
James and Lloyd were best friends. It's because they shared everything in common. Which included liking the same girl. She had already shown interest in both of them. They decided their friendship was more important and moved on.
Anna wanted a natural birth. But she did not handle pain well, so she doubted herself. Then she read about hypnosis and decided to investigate. She learned more about hypno-birth and decided it was right for her. Thanks to hypnosis, Anna got her drug-free birthing experience!
Sarah is going on her first date. She is very nervous. They get to the movies and sit down to watch it. While the movie is playing Sarah's date grabs her hand. They hold hands and finish watching the movie.
Blake was convinced he could sail alone around the world. Nobody believed him because he was so old. At last, he found someone who had faith in him. She turned out to be a sailing expert. She taught him all she knew and he accomplished his goal.
The pain intensified through the day. My jaw became slightly swollen. I took meds to no avail. I made an appointment to see the dentist. He said he would fix my tooth.
Ted loved video games. He played games constantly. He thought he knew everything about video games. He decided to make his own game. It turned out he didn't know anything about making games.
Every night Austin watched movies with his iPad. He held it above him while he would lie on his back. Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night. He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose. He now has a broken iPad screen and a broken nose.
Jose was scared but excited about today. Jose had signed up to run with the bulls. The running of the bulls takes place every year in Pamplona. Jose happened to be there when they were going to have the event. The bulls were let loose and Jose ran for his life.
Jake always wanted to go swimming with friends. He just didn't know how to swim. He asked a friend to help teach him. The friend started him at a pool. Within a month jake swam well enough.
It all started with cake and ice cream. Bart, Jess, and Jan sat eating the treats with their mom. Unfortunately for them, it was only the bait to the trap. In their sugar-induced state of weakness, their mom sprang. Her questions peppered them like spray from a machine gun.
Nancy had a ball of yarn for a knitting project. Her kitten spotted it and started to play. He rolled it all over the house and tangled it up like a mess. When Nancy came home, she was furious. She cut the string and cleaned it up.
Carson notices that his car is getting dirty. He decides to wash it. Carson spends half the day washing his car. It looks great afterwards. Carson is glad that his car isn't dirty anymore.
Rick and his family are going on a trip. They go somewhere together every summer. This year they are going to Florida. Rick's grandparents live there. They are all hoping to have a great time.
The man made some money. He wanted something new. First he paid some bills. Then he loaned a little bit. He couldn't afford what he wanted.
It was so hot outside! The weatherman warned people that the heat was dangerous. People stayed in their homes and used the a/c. Finally, the heat broke after several days. People resumed their outdoor activities.
I bought a computer monitor for my new PC build. It won't be needed until I get the other computer parts. I have been letting my girlfriend use it as a television. Now she is saying she is too attached to it to let me use it. I may end up having to buy a second computer monitor.
Darla wanted a new doll. To earn the money she returned bottles to the store. She also saved all of her birthday money and did chores for her mom. The day finally came when she had saved enough money. Darla went to the store and bought a brand new doll!
The wine taster tasted some wine. It did not feel mature enough. He stored the wine for another year. He tasted the wine again. The wine was ready to sell.
Fiona was not looking forward to gift exchange day. It was holiday tradition at her school. She has to exchange gifts with another student at her school. Fiona pretended to have lost her gift. Her parents had to buy the student a new present.
Gina and her friends were dancing in the garage. They were having a great time. Gina brought chips and dip out to share. Other kids went home and brought other snacks. They danced and partied until it was time to go inside.
Sarah took an eye exam. And the results showed that she needed to wear glasses. So Sarah chose the best looking pair she could find. But she stilled hated how she looked in them. Sarah never wore them despite her blurry vision.
My wife got out early today. She stopped at a store for some errands. She found whoopie pies on sale at a local store. She bought peanut butter and mint pies. We enjoyed them with coffee in the afternoon.
Guy noticed something wrong with his fence. He moved closer to investigate it. He found that the latch had been broken. He went to the garage to find a link of chain. With the chain he secured the fence, effectively fixing the issue.
Lily wanted to be a singer for as long as she could remember. She entered a singing contest to win a contract with a record label. Lily won after facing fierce competition. After reading her contract, Lily realized it was not what she wanted. Lily did not accept the record deal and instead made music on her own.
Ari got a pen pal in English class. The two friends continues to write for Years. Five Years later Ari's family gave him a surprise. They told him his pen pal was coming to visit in person. Ari was thrilled to meet his long-distance friend!
Shaun didn't really like carnivals. Unfortunately, his new girlfriend loved them. She didn't realise how much he feared clowns. When they got to the carnival, Shaun screamed at the sight of a clown. His girlfriend felt bad about going, but appreciated that he tried.
Gina and her siblings were listening to rap music. The music had lots of curse words. Their mother came in the room and heard the music. Their mother grabbed the tape and walked out of the room. The kids followed her to see what she would do with it.
On vacation everyone started playing an app. It was called Blossom Blast and we all tried playing. We would tell each other what levels we were on. It was basically a big competition between us all. But in the end I had reached the highest level.
Ben's girlfriend was cranky all day. She told him that she didn't want to talk to anyone. Ben tried to make her confessed. However, she resisted. Eventually, Ben gave up.
Kelly was nervous to meet her boyfriend's parents. As soon as she rang the bell, she was shaking. His mother answered the door. To her delight, she was nice. Kelly didn't feel so nervous anymore.
Brittany and Tiffany were twins. Their grandpa put them on top of a horse when they were little. Brittany began to fall, and dragged Tiffany with her. They both fell and hit their heads. Tiffany had to get stitches, but Brittany was fine.
Edmund designed a new video game. It was very personal to him. It dealt with themes of repression and skepticism. People like the mechanics, but didn't notice the themes. Edmund was bitter about this.
Ann wanted to get a laser treatment for her skin. She had heard all the latest celebrities were getting it done. So she decided to try it for herself. She made an appointment and walked in. When Ann got the treatment done it was the most painful ever.
Kate and her family were in a dark house during a blackout. They were searching for candles. Kate found something round and plastic in a drawer. She realized it was a flashlight. Kate was relieved to have found something to light the room.
The Mathers family was traveling to India for Christmas. Their journey required two plane transfers. Once they finally arrived in India they realized their bags were gone. During one of the transfers the luggage had gotten lost. The family bought local clothes and had a very different Christmas.
Carol enjoyed cooking for herself. She had not ever really cooked for guests before. She invited people over to eat one night. They kindly informed her that her food was overcooked and oversalted. Carol found out that she had anosmia, and could not taste anything.
Nora felt very deprived by her parents, even though she wasn't. So after the Thailand tsunami, they signed her up for a church trip. Nora and the others went to volunteer to help the Thai victims. Nora was shocked by the devastation and suffering she saw. Returning home, she felt much more appreciative.
Erik was addiction to several kinds of drugs. His life had gotten away from him, due to years of abuse. He hated himself, and delved deeper into darkness. When 9/11 happened, his eyes began to open to the kindness of humanity. He straightened out and never touched drugs again.
Ralph was playing videogames in the living room. His mother then asked if he had cleaned his room yet. He pretended not to hear. Ralph's mother repeated the question, louder this time. Ralph groaned and began to roll on the floor.
Kendra was on a beach vacation. One last thing she wanted to do was see the sunset. She travelled out to the beach just before dusk. Some storm clouds threatened to ruin the view. Luckily, things cleared up in time to see beautiful colors.
My sister has a son named Noah. She also has two young daughters who adore their brother. When they met their teacher at church her name was Noah. They thought that was really funny. Now they call her Girl Noa to distinguish her from their brother.
Will goes to rob a bank He has to pay for his family. He ends up getting caught. He gets sent to prison His family is more miserable than ever
We went to the Grand Canyon on a family vacation. I was surprised to find there were no fences or railings at the edge. My brother enjoyed walking right up to the rim of the canyon. It scared me to see him stand so close to the edge of the cliff. I was very glad when we finally went to visit another place!
Nolan dreamed about an evil clown. He woke up and realized he had peed the bed. Nolan took a shower and went to sleep on the sofa. Then he saw a scary shadow. He turned on the light, but it was just the lamp.
He was running low on money. Unfortunately, his mom's birthday was tomorrow. He wanted to buy some things with his remaining money. He would hate to ignore her birthday, though. He decided to put himself second and buy her something nice.
I feel joy when I do whatever I am passionate about. I found one of my passions, poker, when I was much younger. I was playing with friends while bored at college. I was instantly hooked on its puzzle solving components. I got very far in my first poker game with those friends.
James has a small landscape business. He performs his services in suburban neighborhoods. James cuts grass and trims hedges. He also cuts tree branches at his customer's request. James is happy that he can be of service to others each and every day.
Doug and Dina both loved to sing. They were asked to sing a duet at the Christmas program. They practiced for several weeks. When they performed, the crowd rose to their feet and clapped. They received a standing ovation!
Ana saw a stray cat on the street. She felt very bad for it. She began putting out food for it. It began to approach her more and more. Soon the ex-stray was Ana's new pet!
Tim saw a streak run by him. It was a man being chased by the police! They ran as fast as they could, yelling at the man to stop. They tackled him and arrested him. It was the most exciting thing Tim had ever seen!
Laura was pouting. SHe'd wanted to color a picture with her markers. Her mom said the markers were too messy. Laura decided she would just draw with pencil instead. She ended up getting pencil all over her new dress!
Theo had a very odd career. He was left a very large barbie doll collection when his grandma died. He has made over three million dollars selling them on Ebay. He was always a little embarrassed to tell girls he dated what he did. They never cared though because he was rich.
Greg met Candace at the bar. He was so struck by her beauty, he could barely speak. He watched as other men flirted with her. Greg left, but Candace followed. They talked for hours.
Ashley was washing her family's laundry. She was washing colored clothes. Ashley's husband threw a white dress shirt into the washing machine. The red items bled his shirt pink. Ashley's husband had to buy a new shirt.
Fred was a very stern man. He believed in the value of a hard day's work. One hot summer day Fred's son was reading a book in a hammock. Fred forced his son to put down the book and dig a ditch in the yard. Fred's son made sure his father didn't catch him reading ever again.
Jan joined the Peace Corps and spent two years in Hungary. While there, she taught English to high school students. Upon returning home, Jan became a high school English teacher. This past spring, she retired after 30 years on the job. Jan has joined the Peace Corps again and is heading back to Hungary.
Andy loved basketball. One day, while playing, he fell and twisted his ankle badly. After trying to walk without help, Andy decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told Andy that his foot was broken. Andy has to walk on crutches now and cannot play basketball.
One morning Billy woke and looked outside. Everything was white. He got his boots and coat on. His mom said there is no school. Billy played in the snow all day.
I had an art teacher in middle school. He said that he would let us not have to work. All we had to do was tell him the definition of art. We tried to define the word. But he didn't mean it literally.
Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately. He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it. His mom found out and grounded him and scolded him. When his friends found out, they stopped hanging out with him. Jared realized he was much better off without them.
Tom wasn't a very good snowboarder. He tried going to a steep incline. Tom fell and tumbled down a bit. He broke his arm in two places. Tom had to be rushed to the hospital.
Javier was feeling hungry. He decided he wanted to find something to eat. Javier decided to eat a chocolate cookie. It was delicious. After eating the cookie he felt great.
Tod's room was really messy. So he spent all day cleaning it up. But over time, it became messy again. And after a few weeks, it was just as messy as before. But Tod decided to just leave it the way it is.
One day my father took me and my daughter fishing in his boat. I caught a catfish but dropped in in the boat. The spine went into my daughters foot. When I pulled it out I cut my thumb. That was the end of our fishing trip.
Larry dropped a plate while washing dishes. He decided to replace it. The store didn't sell those type anymore. He went online. They were too expensive so he just got a different one.
Ryan was stuck in traffic on the main roads. He was late to work, so he decided to try a new route. He passed on to a highway that he had never seen before. He felt lucky at first, believing that he found a shortcut to work. However, he quickly discovered it was still under construction.
Kate had a crush on the guy at the taco place near her school. But she hadn't seen him in the year since he quit that job. One day she was driving to her sister's house. There was the guy sitting on a bench at a bus stop. Kate was unsure what to do so she just stared at him.
There was a bus strike in Amy's town. She had a hard time getting to and from work. Her boss suggested she transfer to a store closer to home. Amy sadly agreed with her boss. She said her goodbyes and left her job for the last time.
Roger was so excited! His new boat would be delivered to the marina today. He had big plans to take all his friends and family out in it. He bought lots of food and drinks. When the boat showed up, Roger called everyone to come over.
John works at an electronics store and just sold a computer. He tried to get the customer to buy the warranty in case it breaks. The customer didn't want to spend the extra money though. A week later the customer came back and said the computer broke. John just shook his head and smiled.
Marlene took her dog for a walk. While they were out, Marlene got violently ill. A kind motorist stopped and offered to help. He drove Marlene to the Emergency Room. She was in the hospital for a whole week!
Sammy was camping with her friends. They had just set up camp near the base of a mountain. They were about to make a fire when it started to rain. Sammy and her friends had to get the fire going in their dry tents. They were able to rough the rain with the aid of their bonfire.
My boyfriend asked me to prom last year. I had to immediately start shopping for a dress. I visited 4 or 5 stores before I found the perfect one. Trying it on felt like coming home. I felt so beautiful at my prom.
Sam was celebrating the 4th of July. He bought some fireworks to celebrate. He lit some fireworks in front of his house. His neighbors complained to the police. The police told him to not light fireworks on the road.
Norma noticed her fish tank was getting dirty. She knew that it had been too long since she had changed the water. First she scraped all of the algae that had built up off of the sides. Then she cleaned out the filters and did a 30% water change. Her tank looked fabulous again and her fish seemed much happier.
Lindsey still had some shopping to complete two days before Christmas. She went to every shopping mall she could think of. The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts. Lindsey decided to go to Walmart and try her luck there. She ended up finding all the gifts at Walmart and was very satisfied.
It was summer and the we were out of school. My friends and I decided to head to the beach for some fun in the sun. We played Frisbee, football, swam, and relaxed on our beach towels. Once the sun started setting, we packed up and headed home. It was one of the best days ever!
Jesus has a picnic planned for today. However as he picked up his girlfriend it began to rain nonstop. With his plans ruined, he no longer knew where to take her. However he quickly thought of having a picnic indoors. The indoor picnic turned out to become the best idea he ever had.
Tso went to Hunan province to visit family. They made a large meal for him for dinner. He saw a plate with many peppers. He took a bite eagerly. They laughed as his face turned bright red.
Jay and Kim fell in love in community college. But their relationship lacked intimacy. Kim rented an apartment, against her parents' wishes. Jay was kicked out his mom's house a few weeks later. He moved in with Kim and they felt like, alone at last.
Bob needed to get some food for dinner. He got his keys and started his car. Bob drove to the store. He picked up everything he needed while he was there. After he was done he went back home.
Sara went hunting with her friends. They didn't catch anything and they went home. When Sara got home she discovered that she was covered in chiggers. She went to the doctor and got lotion to help with the itching. Sara decided she would always wear long pants when hunting after that.
Jill had on a new pair of shoes. It was raining. Jill stepped in the mud. She couldn't get the stains out of the shoes. Jill's new shoes were ruined.
My family moved into a rental house. Across the street were a couple dogs. One of the dogs seemed to have asthma. One day we went to see him. He was not there.
When I was younger I never went to the Optometrist. So when I became an adult I made sure to go every year. During my first eye appointment my Optometrist voiced some concerns. She saw I had cholesterol in my eyes and suggested I see my Internist. I went to my internist who then confirmed I had high cholesterol.
Bob had a job interview. He wanted to look sharp to impress the interviewer. Bob got a haircut from his barber. He also bought a brand new suit. Bob was confident going into the interview.
Taylor had been up all night memorizing lines for the play. She knew that most of the girls in her class would be auditioning too. She watched the other girls stumble over their lines. She took a deep breath before going up on stage with a smile. All her lines were delivered perfectly and she got the part.
Jerry was running down the soccer field. He passed the ball to a teammate and headed for the box. His teammate lofted a cross towards him. Jerry spotted the ball and lept up. Jerry did a bicycle kick and scored an amazing goal.
Tim was unhappy in his life. Tim decided it was time for a change. Tim decided to eat healthier and save more money. Tim did this for months. Tim saw his happiness improve significantly.
I wanted to go to Hawaii. I decided to ask my boss for some time off. She told me no. I quit my job. Now, I could go to Hawaii.
Chad stripped the bed and placed the sheets in the dryer. When the sheets were dry, Chad then went to make the bed. He found a stain on one of the matching sheets. Chad realized his son had partially eaten a scoop of ice cream. He found the rest in the freezer and embraced his reward.
Jessie thinks her boyfriend is falling out of love with her. She decides to get cosmetic surgery in order to lure him back. Jessie has a new found confidence. Her boyfriend didn't notice her dramatic change. He later left her for someone younger.
Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF. He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up. Everyone seemed happy to donate to the UNICEF can. Joe shook out a few coins, then emptied half the can. His teacher looked please when he turned it in.
Phil bought a brand new vase from the mall. Once he arrived home, he placed it on the mantle. He admired it so much that he took pictures of the vase. Phil's cat jumped onto the mantle and knocked the vase over. He cried as the pieces lay all over the floor.
Chris is a garbage man and gets up at two every morning. He usually drinks energy drinks but wants to stop. He doesn't need all the sugar but likes the caffeine. He decided to switch and to drink black coffee on his route. It works just fine and he is more productive than ever.
Kim was driving home on a windy day. She was debating whether she should get on the highway or not. Kim got on the highway since she wanted to get home. The wind was high and hard on the highway. Kim's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home.
Danny saw a snake in his yard. He was terrified of snakes. Danny called animal control to deal with the snake. Animal control came to Danny's house. They took the snake away.
Kate's space heater broke. She needed a new one to warm her bedroom. She went to the Walmart near her home. She found one on sale for $10 less than it was online. Kate was very happy to save money and to have a new heater.
Tom was out camping. Nobody remembered to take any toilet paper. Tom needed to use the restroom. He was able to find a spot. Unfortunately he had to use leaves to clean himself.
Aaron had always dreamed of being a marine. As soon as he could, he enlisted in the Marines. He spent many years and saw many battles in his time enlisted. Aaron came home safe after 10 years of enlistment. Two weeks after coming home, he was killed in a car accident.
Two kids were playing ball outside school. One kid bounced the ball very high. The other kid took this as a challenge and bounced it higher. The wind picked up the ball as it flew upwards. The ball landed on the school roof and the game had to end.
Kyle was always anti-government. Every time there was a protest he was present. It didn't matter the reason. His body count was always added. Eventually he got his own website.
When I was 14 years old, my granddad went into the hospital to die. He had lung cancer, it had been in him for at least three months. It was Thanksgiving day when he passed away. My cousins and I took a guinea out of the freezer and baked it. We thought it was a small turkey.
Rick was on a cruise with his wife Desi. They decided to try out the swimming pool. Desi loved it, but Rick had a complaint- it was salt water! Desi didn't see the big deal, but Rick really hated it! He never swam in the ship's pool again.
I knocked over Cindy's favorite coffee mug the other day. It broke into tiny pieces. I told Cindy and she was very upset. Then I apologized for knocking it over. That made Cindy feel a lot better.
Tim was doing laundry. He forgot to separate the colors and whites. All of his whites turned pink. Tim didn't care much. He wore pink shirts with pride.
Kaitlyn was seeing her favorite author one day. She had drawn him some fan art and wanted to show him. When they met, he offered to sign her art. She was completely ecstatic. From then on, she always loved the author.
When my daughter was three her mom bought her a big balloon. She held onto the balloon tightly. When we got out of the car she let the balloon go. She started crying. We diverted her with the promise of chocolate milk.
Tom got a cheap dj for his wedding. He told him he wanted to hear a specific song. It was supposed to be the one Tom and his wife first danced to. The dj didn't have it but didn't say anything. He played a cheap remix instead.'.
Alex wanted to save the Princess in Super Mario brothers. His friend Rob had been bragging after he had done so. Alex decided he would play all weekend to beat the game. After 4 hours his mother made him turn the game off., He was forced to go outside and get some exercise.
Barb was a manager at a retail store. They job paid well but she had to work every single holiday. She applied for a manager position at a non retail company. She interviewed and got the job, with a pay increase! Now Barb makes more and gets all holidays off to be with her family.
Tara was cutting apart some labels. Her scissors got jammed. She couldn't make them work! Tara pushed on them as hard as she could. The scissors snapped in two.
Nel wanted to make a fresh new loaf of bread. She gathered the ingredients and made the dough. Nel left the dough to rise while she worked on her computer. Nel became distracted and several hours passed. Nel returned to find that her dough was flat and oily.
Josh had outgrown his bicycle. He needed a new one. His mom decided to surprise him. When Josh got home from school, there was a new bike. Josh could not have been happier.
Lola was a good dancer who joined a dance contest. She was nervous because it was her first competition. Her friends told her to have faith in herself and try her best. On the day of the competition, she beat the other dancers. Lola felt great and thought about trying a dance career.
Amber was amazed with her new watch. It could show her email and connect to the internet. She had never been so techy! Amber showed off the watch wherever she went. She felt very cool.
Rick was really making me angry. I vowed to get back at him. He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves. I handed him my surfboard and invited him to show us firsthand. Rick hasn't been around to brag to us lately.
My husband and I moved to Florida one year ago this December. When we moved, we had all sorts of complications getting here. The battery went dead on the Uhaul when we were leaving. While I was pulling our truck behind our SUV, I had a tire blow out. It started snowing with ice sticking on the roads.
Halloween was a couple weeks ago. We bought tons of candy to pass out to trick-or-treaters. We put on our costumes and waited for hours to see the kids. Three hours later we finally gave up waiting. I took all the leftover candy to work.
Last year, I joined the local autism mom group. One of the organizers contacted me on facebook. She told me they wanted to make each kid their own ornament. The ornaments  were hung on their own tree at the pink palace museum. My son was overwhelmed and loved going to see the tree.
It was a nice spring day out. Sam figured he would go to the park. He went on a walk and lost track of time. Without knowing he got sunburned. It made Sam stay inside for days after that.
Tara was trying to learn Russian. However, the differences between English and Russian are jarring. She's tried to speak Russian before after getting good enough. It was pretty awful. But, she hasn't given up.
Mara went to a pond. She saw some ducks. In her bag, she had some bread. She tore it up and put it on the ground. Then, the ducks came and ate it.
The leaves in Fred's yard were covering all of his grass. He went to the shed to find his rake to take care of it. The rake was missing and he only had a shovel. Fred tried to use the shovel to move the leaves. He gave up after 30 minutes of trying and not getting much done.
Lucy Goosie blinked at the darkness. She wondered how long she'd been asleep. It was her first day of work today. The second she got home, she passed out. Looking at the clock, she was due back at work in 10 minutes.
Will and Joe wanted to play tennis every day. But they couldn't always drive to a tennis court. So they built their own tennis court in their backyard. And they were proud of what they accomplished. So they decided to host a small tournament in their backyard court.
Last month I started learning to knit. It took me awhile to get the hang of it. Thankfully I was able to learn. I ended up making a scarf. The scarf is amazing.
Tim decided to go on a diet. He planned out all his meals. He ate only the right foods. Then his friends asked him out for pizza. Tim blew his diet.
Jenny had just come home from grocery shopping. She was putting away the food. While putting away sausage, she noticed that it was expired. She called the store to complain. Luckily, they had her come to the store and were able to replace it.
Aaron's teacher had scheduled a test on Friday. His teacher was caught in traffic. She was late for class. The class didn't have enough time to take the test. Aaron's test was rescheduled.
Eric wanted to beat his brother at chess for once. He studied in the night reading books and perusing the internet. He asked a few friends to practice with him. When he met his brother on Saturday, he was ready. He used his new moves and won for the first time.
Charles's car was stuck. He accidentally overturned and went into a small ditch. He called his insurance company's roadside assistance. After two hours, a roadside technician came to help. With the technician's help, Charles got his car back on the road.
The woman saw a man creeping around the building. He was looking in windows and listening at doors. She confronted him and he ran away. She later learned that he was spying on her neighbor. The neighbor was a suspected terrorist.
Joe went out to eat at a restaurant. Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish. Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish. He lost his balance and fell in the pond. He was so embarrassed that he never went back to that restaurant again
Kate plays World of Warcraft on her days off. She plays a hunter. She has a raid tomorrow night with her guild. Her computer won't turn on this morning. A guild member sent her a power supply and it fixed the problem.
My wife's FB friend posted a photo of Fireball whiskey. My wife does not like whiskey, but was interested. She bought a small bottle. She had it with ginger ale. She did not like it, and the whiskey is in the cabinet.
Mark wrote a letter to his congressman. Mark was critical of his stance on gun control legislation. Mark received a letter back from the congressman's office. It was an impersonal form letter. Mark was disappointed with his congressman.
Seth was at a party with his friends. Someone dared a kid to climb on a wall. The kid climbed to the top and everyone cheered. Suddenly he slipped and fell to the ground. He immediately began screaming that his leg was broken.
One day Katrina went to Rhode Island. First she went to Roger Williams Park. Then she went to WaterFire. Finally she visited Newport Cliff Walk. She had a great time.
Last week the weather turned very cold here in Boston. It was 8 degrees. The wind blew through our windows, lowering room temperatures. My wife and I had to seal up the windows The room got better after we sealed the windows.
I loved butter more than any other fat! Alas, my doctor said my cholesterol was too high. I would have to stop eating butter. But, he recommended I eat coconut oil instead. I fell in love with coconut oil!
Cora wanted to get a new dress. She had awful taste in dresses. Cora called her friend Maya. The girls went shopping. They found the perfect dress.
A bee was buzzing around my head. I tried to swat it away. The lady across the street thought I was waving hysterically at her. She emphatically waved back. I didn't bother to explain the situation.
Marci's dog likes to bark at airplanes. He can see them flying over the house through the kitchen window. The barking was worse at night when he could see plane lights. Marci decided to buy blinds to cover the windows. Now that he can't see the planes, the dog barks less often.
Linda wanted to cook a special dinner for her boyfriend. It took a lot of work, but the dinner was finished just as he arrived. He loved every bite of it. Now, he asks Linda to cook every time he visits. She wishes she hadn't cooked so well, because she hates to cook.
Tom was blind. He loved to dance. He practiced dancing every day. He took part in a dance competition. He became the first blind person to win the competition.
I wanted to make muffins. I looked for a recipe online. I prepared the ingredients. I put the prepared mix in the oven. I took the tray out ten minutes later and had muffins.
Mike took his children to the circus. The children asked if they could have some cotton candy. So, Mike and his children made their way to the concession stand. He purchased the cotton candy for himself and his kids. His kids happily munched on their treat.
Angie went to Florida last week. While she was there, she had an adventure. She got to experience swimming with dolphins. She said it was amazing. She brought back a photograph of her kissing the dolphin on its nose.
Howard liked to tell stories about make-believe things. One day he told a story to his mom about pixie's. His mother was very impressed and told him to write the story down. He did and showed it to his teacher the next day. Howard got an A+ on that writing assignment that week.
Paul was working in a lake. He had to wear rubber boots. While in the lake he lost one of his boots. Luckily, he mom bought him a new pair. He was glad to have new boots.
Terry visited the local zoo. He saw many great apes. He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape. The ape charged the glass aggressively and scared Terry. Terry decided to never do that again.
Samantha had just won the state pageant. She was happy, but felt stuck in that position. So, she challenged herself and entered the Miss USA pageant. She prepared for months, both physically and emotionally. She did her best performance, and won Miss USA by a landslide!
John went to the store to buy tissues for his friend. He wasn't sure which type he wanted so he gave him a call. He said that he wanted double ply tissues. John almost bought single ply so he was glad he called. He bought the tissues and went home.
Tim wanted to join the school's marching band. He practiced his violin diligently for weeks. Tim eagerly went to the audition for the band. The band leader told Tim he had just the spot for him. Tim marched with the band dressed as their porcine mascot.
Kate was going to drive her car out of town. She took it to a shop to have a tune up. But the car needed much more than a tune up. It would require close to $500 of work. She realized they wouldn't be able to drive her car after all.
Uma was nine months pregnant. It wasn't long before she was ready to give birth. Uma's husband rushed her to the hospital. After many hours, the baby was born. Uma was happy to finally start a family.
Lila wanted to dye her hair. She posted a photo online, asking for advice. A few people suggested some colors. She imagined herself in each color. Then, she chose one.
Mark went to the store. He found some new steak sauce that he was going to try. When he got home he cooked the steaks. He then tried the new steak sauce and shared with his wife. They both loved it and now but that sauce every time they shop.
Once, I opened a couple of packs of Magic cards on a whim. To my surprise, the cards inside were very valuable! I had found a card worth $10, and one worth $30! I brought the cards to a store, where they offered me $10 for both. I was disappointed, but hey, that's business.
Frank had submitted a story for English class. The teacher called him to the front of the class. Frank feared that he was being publicly chastised. But then she asked him to read it aloud for everyone! Frank was relieved and proud of his work.
Donald was an arrogant child. He became a successful businessman. He had a successful TV show. He decided to run for president. Despite spewing flagrant lies, he was a popular candidate.
Josh was going to do the dishes. His wife had left a knife in the sink. Josh didn't realize the knife was in the sink. Josh cut his hand on the knife. Josh asked his wife not to put the knives in the sink.
The Smith's went to their lake house for a trip. They planned to stay there three days. By the second day everyone was having too much fun. The Smith's decided to stay an extra day. Their kids were excitedly happy.
John was a very bad cook. Whenever he cooked for his friends, then never finished the meal. Saddened, John decided to take a cooking class. After several months, John became a much better cook. Now, John's friends ask him to cook for them all the time.
Nay wanted a pet but she was allergic to cats. Dogs were too large for her apartment. And her mom had migraines, so loud shrill birds were out. Then Nah thought of the perfect pet - a fish tank! She got four fish and loved watching them every day!
One day, Mary realized that she had gained a lot of weight. She made a plan for losing the extra pounds. She began a lot of fruits and vegetables instead of unhealthy snacks. She also walked a few miles every day. Within a few months she was back to her healthy weight.
My friend Tim works for a transit authority. He is taking his pension in December. Tim has an engineering degree. He applied to a company for a job but was turned down. He is getting worried his pension will not cover his living expenses.
Joe's roommate, Steve, was taking flying lessons. Steve invited Joe to accompany him during a practice flight. Joe and Steve took off in Steve's tiny practice prop plane. The flight was bumpy and scary for Joe. Upon landing, Joe was grateful to still be alive!
Liz was binge watching her favorite tv show. She got to the last episode. It was really late at night. Liz passed out before the ending. The next day she had to watch it again.
Erin got a gym membership for her birthday. She finally decided to go and give it a try. She walked in to find skinny women in tight clothing everywhere. She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells. Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape.
The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas. Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank. They stayed with him for a day before moving on to Tennessee. There, they saw their grandma and grandpa. They finished the trip in Virginia before heading home.
Samantha loved to go bowling. She went to the bowling alley by herself on Friday. She scored a perfect game! She was awarded a free t-shirt. She got a sponsorship to become a professional bowler the next day.
Jake loved jogging. He went out every morning. One morning he tripped and fell. He broke his ankle. He wasn't able to run anymore and gained weight.
John had a flat tire on the way to work. After removing the bolts, he couldn't get the tire off. John consulted Google on his phone. It advised sitting and rocking the tire back and forth with his feet. He tried it, and it worked!
Larry went for a walk in the park. A tree fell in the woods. He went to explore. A bunch of mice ran out from under the tree. Larry jumped and ran away.
Travis wanted to go to a popular rock concert. Tickets for the concert went on sale while he was in school. His mother picked him up at the end of the school day. He asked her to drive him to the box office as fast as possible. She just smiled, and pulled two concert tickets from her purse.
Gina's mom was going to her younger brothers house. She offered to bring the kids with her. Gina had missed the chance to go the last time. This time she decided to go as well. If her siblings were going to have fun, so was she.
Joey and June molded the moist sand into a mound. They used cups to shape turrets on top. They dug a channel for a moat around their building. Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water. Finally, after much work, they were proud of their complete castle!
Ronny was a very attractive young man. He works construction, but his girlfriend wants him to model. To appease her, he went on modeling calls and hated it. She insisted he go on more calls, even though he hates it. He decided to break up with her and keep doing construction.
Jenny wanted to know why the water was red. James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes. She wanted to see it for herself. She she unscrewed the pipe and looked inside. Inside she found a severed human hand.
Jane was pondering what type of stockings to get. She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice. The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference. She had preferred the feel of silk over nylon, she told Jane. Still uncertain, Jane ended up buying the silk pair of stockings.
My nephew had been living with a woman for five years. They seemed happy but nobody had mentioned getting married. One day his girlfriend got pregnant. They went to City Hall and got married. My nephew is now happily married, despite the circumstances.
A bully named Val wanted to fight Ali. Val waited for Ali near her bike. Ali tried to get on her bike and leave. Val pushed her and began yelling at her. Ali sat on the ground stunned and unsure what to do.
My grandmother has an old phone. It flipped open and had large buttons. We bought her a brand new phone. She did not understand how to use it. We had to return it to the store.
Back in grade school, we were required to choose one sport to join. Since i don't have any sport i had no choice but to join cheerleading. I'm not good in dancing and even singing. But i did my best to join them for the sake of grade. Luckily, my team won in cheer leading.
Richard had a strange urge to wake up in the middle of the night. When he awoke he felt hungry. He got up from bed. Richard made his way to the kitchen. Richard made himself a sandwhich.
My husband is an alcoholic. This morning he woke up with a hangover. He said he would drink a few beers to come down from it. When they were gone, he wanted more. I tried to talk him out of it, to no avail.
We were playing basketball. The ball fell loose when Jeff tried to shoot a three pointer. I tried to dive for it. However, i landed on the ground. My stomach fell on the ball.
Mary woke up famished at 3AM. Mary had nothing to eat at home. She looked desperately for anything open so late at night. She found out that a nearby taco shop closes in 1 hour. Mary made it on time and gleefully scarfed down her meal.
Jane was adventurous. She decided to hitch hike to a new city The guy who picked her up was weird and creepy. Jane felt uncomfortable and asked to be dropped off. Jane stopped hitchhiking after that.
In 1999, we decided to go to Tanglewood. Our car was dying. I saw an ad online for a bus trip to Tanglewood, by MIT. Even though I was not affiliated they let me buy tickets. We had a good time sitting with geniuses on the bus.
Neil was journeying through the Middle East. His train arrived in Syria. He disembarked and looked around. The people and buildings were foreign and exotic. Neil couldn't wait to explore Syria!
Ed's family always made hot dogs for dinner. He didn't mind until he turned 12. He asked for hamburgers instead for his birthday meal. His mom grinded up the hot dogs and made a pattie out of them. Ed was happy he got a burger that year.
Tom was a great poker player. He had been playing for years. He entered a tournament at a casino. Tom easily won with little trouble. He went on to have a successful career as a professional poker player.
Hampton was reading a magazine. He got up to go to the restroom. Hampton left the magazine on the coffee table near his drink. Hampton's dog ran by the coffee table. The dog knocked the drink onto the magazine.
Jane wanted to get a tattoo. She chose a sensitive area. The tattoo artist advised against it. Jane decided to do it anyway. It hurt so much she cried.
Sam was cleaning her house. She was dusting everything. A piece of dust got in her eye. She ran to the bathroom. She washed it out but her eye remained red.
My niece put a post up on FB. She wanted her friends to post the last photo on their camera. My wife posted a photo of a bottle of wine. It was given to her for her retirement. The post got several likes.
In the second video, it was Christmas time. We were at my grandma's house. Everyone was standing outside together. I clung to my aunt's hand. I didn't want my mother to touch me.
Bob was awakened by a pounding above him. He rushed outside to see from whence came the patter. The man from the roofing company was fixing his shingles. He hadn't called Bob to let him know he was coming. Bob was irritated at being awakened that way.
Lee was making chocolate chip cookies with her daughter. Midway through, they discovered a problem. They were out of chocolate chips! Then Lee thought of a substitute. They mixed in chopped nuts instead and made delicious cookies!
Tim was at the bar. He ordered a drink. When he heard the price he was shocked. He paid and left a tip but didn't order more drinks. He decided to buy beer on the way home instead.
Tyler saw an ad for a band battle. He thought of who he could play with. He asked his friend. They practiced in his garage. They won the competition!
Sam was in a hurry in the morning. He quickly grabbed his wallet. It wasn't until lunch break that Sam realized it wasn't his wallet. He tried to pay for his food. The card he pulled out was not his.
My granddaughter Ellie is 20 months old. She is in a daycare. Last Friday the daycare center celebrated Chinese New Year. Her mom bought her a Chinese outfit, but Ellie did not like it. Ellie did wear the outfit and was happy when she went to daycare.
I used to go on chat rooms. I was just a kid and I the internet was new. I remember a girl sent me a picture. So I sent one of my older brother back. She then sent me a naked photo, I loved chatrooms.
Glen decided he wanted to join the Navy after high school. Glen was quickly traveling all over the world after joining the Navy. He felt it was the best decision he ever made. Glen continued his career in the Navy for the next 20 years. Glen is now retired from the Navy.
THe couple was taking a romantic trip. They rented a cabin to stay in. The cabin had a hot tub and a beautiful view. They spent a week relaxing and reconnecting. It had been a glorious time!
Dan found out his dad was moving. He became sad. He decided to run away. His mom could not find him anywhere. Dan finally came home and was ground for 6 weeks.
John didn't have many friends in his class. He had just moved earlier in the year. He was reading the book Tom Sawyer at recess. A boy walked up, telling him it was his favorite book. He and the boy ended up becoming friends after that.
Tom was looking to buy a car. He saw an ad for one online. It looked like it would be a good deal. Once he saw the car in person it was completely different. Tom decided not to buy it.
Leanne learned that she had a lot of mediterranean heritage. She planned a trip to the southern coast of Europe to research it. Leanne pored over local passenger manifests and community registers. Leanne learned a great deal about her ancestry. She learned that her ancestry was fairly unremarkable.
Suzy studied so hard for her upcoming test. But she was so nervous. She didn't know if she would do well. She came to class scared. But luckily she got that A.
Kate was at work. She really needed to use the restroom. A customer walked in. She had to ignore them. She got in trouble but made it to the restroom in time.
Lily loved playing video games. Sometimes she played them too much. One time she played one video game so much that she did nothing else. Her mother was very upset and told her she was grounded. Once Lily was able to moderate her video games she wasn't grounded.
Camren loved getting her hair done. She is 6 years old and likes to get dressed up. Her dad took her to a dance. She got a new dress and went to the salon. She felt pretty and had a great time.
Joe had a huge headache. He tried to sleep it off. He woke up with a bigger headache. He then took some medicine. After an hour the headache was gone.
I went to my cousins house for a party. Her dog tried to rest on me. After I tried to moved it away, I started to cough. The coughing continued until the end of the night. I had to take pills in order to heal the coughing.
Ben was very excited about christmas. He couldn't sleep the day before. Suddenly, at 2 am, he heard noises. He got up to see if there were gifts. He found the gifts.
She had never been to the beach before. She relished the feeling of sand between her toes. She gushed it over and over again over her feet. She stood in the surf and just listened to the ocean. She loved the salty smell in the air.
Tina was shopping in the mall with her daughter. Her daughter was playing around by running inside of the clothes. However, her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers. The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her. Tina quickly rushed to get her.
The men fortified the doors and windows against the onslaught. The liberals were coming for their chainsaws. The leader gruffly ordered everyone to be on their guard. They all jumped as the first knock on the door came. They prepared to fight to the death to hold on to their ignorance.
Jim was going on a road trip. He decided to burn a CD to listen to for the trip. He left the CD on his desk overnight. The next morning he found the CD broken in pieces. His dog had ripped the CD to shreds while he was sleeping.
Tom bought a cheap guitar online. He practiced how to play often. Unfortunately he never sounded that great. A friend heard him and recommended getting a better guitar. Tom did so and sounded much better.
Allie had just moved into her new house. But she needed the moving company to come to her house. They were still on the road. She was waiting patiently. But they never came.
Eric was on his way to the store. He was going to buy some snacks for the football game. He decides to pick up a lottery ticket too. Eric goes home and watches the game. The next day Eric wakes up and realizes he has won the jackpot!
Alon and Shira decided to move in together. Their apartments were not big enough for two people. They decided to buy a house together. After lots of searching, the found the perfect house. They're so glad they moved in together.
The snow began to fall heavily. My brother, sister and I couldn't wait to play. We got into our snow suits and found our hats and mittens. We went out and threw snow balls and made a snowman. We didn't stay out long though because it was so cold.
Terry walked over his property one day after work. He noticed a lot of  different types of shoes all of a sudden. Terry began to worry and went back inside. When he was inside he began to tell his family about what he saw. His daughter stepped forward and said that she stole and hid them.
Cameron looked outside the open door of the plane. He took a deep breath and jumped out. As he fell through the air, he remembered his training. He pulled the strings of his backpack and released the parachute. It was an exhilarating experience.
Barry became aware of a rumor of nearby treasure. Supposedly it was hidden in a cave on the beach. Barry brought bags and tools and went to the cave. Inside he found only graffiti and broken shells. Barry decided not to trust his schoolmates regarding hidden troves.
I smelled a horrible smell. I looked everywhere. I discovered the smell was some bad meat in the trash can. I took the can outside to clean it. My house now smells fresh and clean.
Kim had never been to a Mardi Gras celebration anywhere. One year she and her friends decided to do it properly. They took a bus to New Orleans and stayed in a hotel there. All week, they danced in the streets under the hot Louisiana sun. Kim had a wonderful time and didn't want to leave!
Ron was running with the basketball. He performed a cross-over on Gary and made a lay-up. Gary got up from the floor in a furious manner. He pushed Ron. The referee called a flagrant foul on Gary and he was ejected.
Bob needed to study for an exam. He only had one day before the test. He decided to stay up all night and cram. He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee. He was able to stay awake and study!
Ben was always too shy to be involved at school. He joined a study group to improve his grades. Ben was mostly quiet. He then became good friends with Pam. The two were married a few years later.
Jake bought himself a new leather jacket. He thought it made him look tough. He even acted tough when wearing it. One day a tougher friend told him he looked stupid in it. He stopped wearing it because of it.
Abby noticed that the weather outside looked bad. Abby turned on the radio and listened to weather report. A bad thunderstorm was predicted. Abby unplugged all the electronics including the computer. A few minutes later the storm arrived.
Josh was climbing a tree. As he was trying to get down, he fell. However, his fall was hard. He heard a loud snap. He had broken his arm.
Marty and his best friend decided to go fishing. They gathered their fishing gear and drove to the river. They parked Marty's car and strolled down by the river bank. Then they both cast their first fishing lines for the day. Within ten minutes they had both caught a fish.
Marty wanted to surprise his kids. He bought a trampoline and put it in the back yard. The kids were shocked when they came home! The bounced and bounced for hours. The thanked him all night long.
Teddy was really excited. He was going scuba diving. He had just gotten qualified and was ready for his first dive. They entered into the water. Teddy was amazed and in awe of the wonderful experience.
John and I were so tired of travelling together on business. He applied for a job that required no travel. He got the job and we were ecstatic. We started packing and headed for home as soon as  possible. We are happy at home and  he loves his new job.
Roger was a gambler. He knew he was addicted, but he couldn't quit. Even when he married, his wife couldn't make him stop. But then, a year later, she gave him a beautiful baby son. Roger saw his son's tiny face - and he never gambled again.
Last week Shawn was really nervous about going to class. He had to give a big presentation and he did not like giving speeches. Shawn prepared diligently for the presentation to calm his nerves. On the day of Shawn showed up to class, but forgot his notes! Then Shawn woke up and realized that it was all just a dream!
I decided I wanted to take my family somewhere special. We all love animals so I decided the zoo was the perfect outing. We walked around the entire zoo seeing all sorts of beautiful animals. We saw lions, monkeys, elephants, giraffes and so many others. It was a very memorable day with the whole family.
Sam decided she wanted to play soccer. Hey mom took her and signed up for a soccer team. Sam went to practice every day and worked very hard. Sam never missed a game and her team made it to the championship. At the end of the game Sam celebrated their victory.
Tina likes to swim. She puts on her sunblock. Then Tina puts on her swimsuit. Her mom drives them to the pool. Tina jumps in the pool and starts to swim.
Carl was playing Frisbee with his brother and his dog. But he wanted to have fun. So he tried to catch it with his mouth like his dog. But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth. Carl's brother felt very embarrassed.
The dog was running loose. His collar had slipped off. The owner chased him and grabbed him by the ear. He tied a rope around him as a makeshift collar. He would buy a new one at the pet store that night.
Cindy was usually late for school. But one morning, music next door woke her up early. It was her neighbor playing his piano. But Cindy wanted to stay and listen to the music. So she still ended being late for school.
Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store. She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart. Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart. She screamed when Ana stopped to look at an item. Ana resolved never to take her child to the store again.
Anna went to a protest. She began yelling about her cause. But nobody could hear her! Then a friend handed her a megaphone. Anna began yelling much, much louder!
Beata was in love with Oliver. But Oliver was unhinged recently and scared her very much. She tried to convince him to go seek help. But Oliver went into a rage. Beata had to leave him to protect her own life.
Kyle invited Debbie to his parents' home for dinner. He'd been dating her for months and wanted them to meet. He was worried because he never brought a girl home before. He got his mother to cook spaghetti, Diane's favorite. He worried for nothing because they hit it off perfectly.
Emily gets cut from her junior high basketball team. So Emily practices all the time. She makes her high school team Then she makes her college team. Emily is so good at basketball she gets drafted into the WNBA.
The dog went into the kitchen. There was a bone in the bowl. The dog licked its lips. The dog liked the bone. The dog loved bones.
Blake wanted to catch a chick. There were chicks near a hen. The chicks could get through the fence. The hen could not. He never caught one.
Tanya had a very misbehaved puppy. She took it to obedience class to learn to behave better. She even practiced with the puppy at home. When the class was over, the puppy received an award for improving. Tanya was so proud of her puppy.
Barbara spent all day in front of the TV watching anything. She forgot to contact her friends. She stopped taking care of herself. Eventually, her friends made an intervention for her. They were all very supportive and Barbara felt a lot better.
Jane had a really bad temper. One day she got into an argument with her mother. Jane was upset that her mother didn't let her watch TV past 9 PM. Jane got so mad that she punched the wall. Jane felt terrible about what she did afterwards.
Gina's spent $30 on a cool hat. But it didn't really suit her. At home she tried it on backwards. She stood in the mirror to see how she liked it. She had to admit she'd wasted her money on this hat.
Jamie was sleeping at a friend's house. It was her first time away at a friend's house. Jamie was scared and missed her home and family. She called her mom to pick her up. Jamie went home to sleep in her own bed.
A man had an awkward conversation with a business partner. He then desired to improve his communication skills. He began reading online. He began asking his friends that were very social for tips. After practicing what he had learned, he improved his verbal skills.
Maggie was a champion horse rider. She longed for a new leather saddle for her horse Dynamite. Her family was poor, so Maggie had to work after school and save up. After many months of stocking shelves, she had finally saved enough. She was so proud of her saddle at the next competition.
Lindsay went for a walk around the local duck pond. When she got there, there were children pointing at all the ducks. She decided to share some of the bread she brought to feed the ducks. Handing out bread, the kids began to throw it towards the ducks. The ducks all ran over and enjoyed the bread they were given.
Sean decided to be a beekeeper at his house to make honey. He set up everything in his backyard. The bees grew a huge hive! Sean began harvesting honey from the hive. Then one day he went outside and the bees were gone!
Andrea and Sara were at a market place. While they were walking, they became separated. Sara didn't noticed at first. Once she did, she began searching through the crowd. Luckily, the girls found each other shortly after.
Tom woke up in a cold sweat. He was shaking and scared. He realized he had just had a scary dream. Tom was too afraid to fall back asleep. Instead he stayed up all night.
Valerie was bored and wanted to do something exciting. She became inspired to start a garden after watching the food network. She planted tomatoes and squash. Her garden grew vigorously throughout the summer. She gave out all her vegetables to her neighbors when they were ripe.
Keith was always interested in being a spy for the NSA. He studied very hard and worked hard in school. He was the smartest in his school and went to a good college. After that, he applied for a spy job. Keith got the job and now he is a spy.
Don had lost his job. The field that he worked in was not busy. Don re-enrolled in school. He trained in a busier field. Don got a job right after school.
Matt poked the fire trying to stir the embers. He made a log fall over instead. The fire was choked of oxygen. As the fire went out, Matt panicked and threw on leaves. The leaves were wet and smoke rose up from the fire.
A recent stroke left Kay unable to move her left side. She needs intensive PT and round the clock care. Her son finds a rehab facility that accepts her insurance. The facility is dirty and understaffed. Kay becomes depressed.
Abu wanted to leave the plains of his tribe to live in the city. But when he went to the council of Elders they refused. As Abu didn't want to hunt all his life, he left anyway. In the city, he went to school to learn to become someone different. And when he did, he returned home but only to visit.
Mitch was in high school. He had forgotten about a test. He decided to cheat. Mitch got caught. His parents were called and he was grounded.
A marine earned a medal for his service in Iraq. After he had been home for a month he went to a fast food restaurant. He got tormented by a group of racially motivated teens. He was brutally beaten. His new injuries surpass any he had succumbed to in Iraq.
Phil was feeling very lethargic lately and it was getting him down. He wanted to start an exercise regimen but his schedule was full. His friend, a fitness expert, offered a good suggestion. She recommended he start bicycling to work every day and Phil agreed. After a few weeks of his new habit, he already felt a lot better.
Carlos played the tuba in his local marching band. Lately, his tuba was not pronouncing the notes as loudly. Carlos plunged his hand into the tuba. He felt something move! A mouse had built a nest inside Carlos' tuba.
Adam just bought a brand new truck last week. Yesterday he got into a car accident. He was texting and driving at the same time. He hit a stopped car and now his insurance went way up. Adam learned quickly never to text and drive again.
Jacob walked outside to put the trash at the road one night. He saw a strange car down the road. The car turned into his neighbor's driveway. A man climbed out and started peering into the windows of the house. Jacob called the police.
Tina was afraid of cats. She would avoid them any chance she got. When she was a young child she was attacked by a stray. Tina's daughter wanted to get a kitten for their home. Tina refused but happily got her a puppy instead.
Lane was very paranoid. She always assumed everyone was talking about her behind her back. One day she heard her name mentioned by Steve. Having enough, she made a huge ordeal and started yelling at Steve. He was just planning her surprise party that was now ruined.
Randy is driving home one day. He is going way over the speed limit. An officer catches him and begins to peruse. Randy is pulled over by the police. The police write him a big ticket and tell him to slow down.
Dan was making dinner for his family He started to make a salad. He cut up many kinds of vegetables. He put the vegetables in a bowl with some lettuce. The salad was ready to eat!
Meg was an avid writer. She posted her pieces on a website. One day, a publishing company contacted her. They told her they wanted to publish some of her writings. Meg was thrilled that she was able to be recognized as a writer.
My cousin Kory was working at the airport. He recently accumulated lots of expensive items. He was soon locked up and given a 17 year sentence! We found out that the expensive items were bought with drug money. He is now serving out his sentence.
When everyone came to the party, we played musical chairs. As the music was playing, everyone was moving around the chairs. I managed to get through the first round. However, the second round was difficult. I ended up getting eliminated since the music stopped quickly.
Austin was home alone while his parents were at work. He was very hungry, but there was no food left in the house! Austin's parents told him not to go outside by himself. Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways. In the end, Austin's parents found out did but not get mad at him.
Jimmy was playing ping pong with his nephew. He showed him how to spin the ball. His nephew picked it up quickly. He eventually got better than Jimmy. Jimmy regretted teaching him spin.
Sunday we were going to a new church. I was nervous to be going to this church. When we got there everyone was so nice and they sermon was wonderful. I had a great time and was nervous for nothing. I can not wait to go back next sunday
The Smith family was heading to the ocean. They had big plans to enjoy a snorkeling adventure. As the family got ready they noticed the youngest child was nervous. Together they assured her she would have a blast. The girl went underwater and noticed she was indeed having a blast.
Doug and Janice were eager to run together. They started off from their home running east. The approaching storm however forced them on their way home. Both of them ran to avoid the storm. They made it back just before the rainy started falling.
I entered a raffle to win ten thousand dollars. I really wanted to win. I spent five thousand dollars on raffle tickets. When my name wasn't called, I felt awful. After that I never gambled again.
Stanley bought Pam a toaster for her wedding to Roy. The wedding was called off, so Pam returned the toaster to Stanley. Stanley tried to return the toaster to the store where he bought it. He was unable to do this, as the store no longer carried that toaster. Now, Stanley's house has two toasters.
Tim walked across campus in order to get to his class. Since the class was far, he took several minutes. At some point along the way, he passed out for a minute. One of the school teachers picked him up. He tried to make Tim conscious again by giving him water.
Michael was walking home from work one night. Suddenly two men approached with a knife. They threatened him and demanded his wallet. Michael pretended to retrieve it and then threw it far away. The hoodlums went for the wallet and Michael ran far away.
One day, Sarah forgot to close the gate in her yard. Later on she let her dog out to pee. Her dog escaped through the open gate. She drove around the city looking for her lost pet. Eventually, she found her lost dog and brought it home.
Katie was home alone. She sat up reading a horror novel. Katie heard a noise from her living room. She was terrified. Katie was relieved when she found out the noise was her cat.
Alex was playing baseball with his friends. He was feeling ambitious and hit the ball rather hard. Instead of soaring away, the ball cracked open. Without a ball, the boys couldn't play anymore. Alex apologized but it took awhile for them to forgive him.
Sandy enjoyed breezy, summer days. She would go outside during the nice weather. While outside, she would go for walks and pick flowers. Arriving home, Sandy would put the flowers in a nice vase. This allowed her to smell the wonderful scents all week long!
Jack met Sally in elementary school. They attended school until high school and were friends. After college they lost touch. Thirty years later by chance they met up again and started dating. One year after they came back together they got married.
The family got together for the reunion. Before everyone ate, Diana made an announcement. She blessed the food and asked if anyone else want to speak. Aunt Jenna gave her a rude remark. Overall, the family broke up into a fight.
Carl and I've decided to go to the drive in. They packed the car and up drove to it. Once inside, they found a spot and parked. The movie was scary and Ivy felt afraid. They cuddled up and finished the movie til the end.
Jody is bored. Jody doesn't know what to do. Jody thinks. Jody decides to go swimming. Jody enjoys a day of swimming.
I went on a date with a girl I liked. I was going to take her to a nice restaurant. However on the way there I had a flat tire. I used the spare tire in the trunk to replace the bad one. The girl I was with was very impressed that I changed the tire.
Tony had been very skinny his entire life. One day he randomly meet a nice guy who was a bodybuilder. The body builder was once skinny like Tony and felt he could help him. Tony agreed and trained with his new body builder friend. Six months later Tony was competing in a bodybuilding competition.
We found an indoor rollercoaster. Terrified of heights, I refused to get on. Nobody else would ride until I joined them. I finally got on, reluctantly. I screamed through the entire thing.
Today is Morgan's birthday party. We head to the store to get the cake. We go to get the balloons. Next we set everything up for the party. We are all set for friends to arrive.
There once was a person born without a brain. They tried and tried and tried to think. They read books and stared at screens until their eyes bled. Then one day they threw out all of their learning material. A small speck of a brain started to form that day.
Andy was entering the spelling bee. He was one of the final three contestants. Andy second guessed himself on one of the last words. He spelled the word wrong. Andy came in third in the spelling bee.
Mike went to work but forgot to pack his lunch. By one o'clock his stomach was really rumbling. By five thirty Mike was getting cramps and feeling dizzy. On the way home Mike stopped at a fast food shop and got two burgers. Those were the best burgers Mike had ever eaten!
Annie challenged her friend Todd to a hot dog eating contest. The first one to eat ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes would win. Todd practiced timing himself eating ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes. It took a lot of mistrials before he got it right. Todd won the contest.
Judith watched her son, Daniel, reading. Lately, he seemed to be having trouble seeing. The next day, she took Daniel to see a special eye doctor. Daniel complained until he saw a glasses with a camouflage case. He went home excited and no longer had trouble reading or playing.
My wife had a day off. We went to a local barber so I could get a haircut. Then we went to a local coffee shop. My wife posted photos on Facebook. It was a nice day.
John's football team was down by five points. There was enough time left for one play. The quarterback threw John the ball. John jumped as high as he could and reached for the ball. John's caught the ball and his team won.
Wendy was ready to leave for the weekend. She packed her bags in her car. She secured the canoe on top of the car. When she arrived on the highway, there was a lot of congestion. She didn't mind as she was already canoeing in her head.
Linda was born a poor orphan, with nothing to her name. She was adopted but never loved like a child was suppose to. When she grew up she played the lotto every day. One day she bought a ticket and chose the numbers of her birthday. She won 50 million dollars and considered herself lucky after all.
Ken was trying to sign some papers. His pen stopped working. It seemed to have run out of ink. He borrowed one from a guy around him. Ken then returned the pen and thanked him.
Renee wants to build a tiny house. She likes the homes because they are portable and functional. She Also likes the idea of lowering her bills. Additionally she can use solar power as well. It took a year but she finally built and it was perfect.
Hank was a stubborn man. He had never wanted anyone's opinions before. This time, he could not deny that he needed help. He asked his friend for advice about the problem he had. Hank's friend gladly helped.
Matt decided to move to England. He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before. When he got there, he was met by some friendly people. They brought him to their house. Matt was happy because everyone was so nice and welcoming.
On the way home from school, I rode my bicycle. I merged on one street and made a turn at an intersection. As soon as I reached the nearest street to my house, I saw a dog. He was running towards me. I rode more quickly to get away from him.
Bob walked home from the beach to his house. He went to his front door and shook sand off himself. He shook sand from his hair and emptied his pockets of sand. Bob kept noticing sand appearing when he was inside. He realized that he must still be covered in sand.
Chuck was startled when he felt his stomach rumble. He looked at the time to discover it was well past lunch time. He decided to do one more task then get something to eat. Chuck jumped the next time he felt his stomach rumble. He had just worked past dinner as well.
Po wanted cable TV. He called an installer and made an appointment. The next week, the installer came to his house. He set everything up for Po. Now, finally, Po had cable TV!
Ashley hated dragon flys a lot. In fact, she hated anything that was small and flew. One day, Ashley was forced to go outside. Then, Ashley suddenly saw a dragonfly. At first, she was scared but then, she fought her fears and won.
Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west. In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat. Ever since I had to cut down my trees my house fills with smoke. I think it must be that the wind often blows from the west. Sometimes it is so bad that I want to sell my house!
Jonas enjoyed growing his own avocados in his backyard. He owned many acres so he had the freedom to plan many. Harvest season came around and he was eager to pick his fruit. When he arrived at his land the whole lot was on fire. Jonas was heartbroken and never planted a tree again.
Michelle didn't make the cheerleading squad. She was determined to do better the following year. She recorded all the cheers at the games. Michelle used the recordings to practice all summer. She blew everyone away during her next audition in the fall.
Our cat likes to play with twist ties. Yesterday my wife found a pipe cleaner. She attached it to a twist tie. Our cat played with it for ten minutes. We were amused.
I had to go to prison for defrauding an insurance company. An airline had lost my luggage. Although my luggage was worth only $100, I claimed it was worth $1000. Unbeknownst to me, the insurance company had X-rayed my luggage. They used the X ray to prove that my claim was fraudulent.
Jim walked his dogs through the neighborhood. One of the dogs took the lead. The other dogs fell in line. From a distance it looked like a platoon of dogs. A man walked by and saluted the lead dog.
We sat down to watch the news with dinner. We set up our individual table trays. We turned on the local news. We were disgusted with the content. We ended up turning it off and eating with music playing.
Ben was walking through the door at work. It had been raining. Ben began to slip on the wet floor. He almost fell. Ben cleaned up the water before anyone else fell.
Jim had a research project due in two days. But the thought of starting it stressed him out. His stress, though, gave him the idea to research stress. He wrote about its causes and effects. And Jim learned how to manage his stress better.
Tom wanted to enlist in the military. Before he applied he thought about what he could do to help. He wanted to improve his chances of acceptance. He decided to get a buzz cut. He applied and was accepted.
As a child Jane always wanted to play the piano. When she reached college she took piano classes. She practiced day and night. Her hard worked paid off. Today she is a world renowned pianist.
I went Christmas shopping last weekend. First I tried the mall, but it was too packed with people. Next I went to the shops on Main Street. I found the perfect gift for my mom, but couldn't buy it due to price. I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less.
Every Friday night me and my friends play basketball. Last Friday we went to the local gym to play ball. A lot of new people showed up who I didn't know. I got to know them while we were playing. Now I have a lot of new friends to play basketball with!
Our family always looks up at the stars when camping. We children noticed that some shooting stars just moved steady. The brightest one went by very fast. At home, we asked the science teacher what it was. It turns out we had seen Skylab.
Wanda liked to read stories. She liked it so much, that she wanted to be a kindergarten teacher. She enrolled on a course to learn how. After years of gruelling studies, she had her exams. Wanda passed with flying colours and soon became a teacher.
I don't usually like to wear underwear. I prefer going commando when possible. However, eventually all of that changed. Since I lost weight my pants were constantly falling. I wore underwear as a safety measure.
I have been making wooden stools for money. I am starting to sell them as soon as I can make them. I am thinking of starting a business with another employee. It is going to take a lot of money to get my business started. I am going to make one stool at a time until I have enough capital.
Sam had the sniffles. She kept blowing her nose but still couldn't breathe. Her mom gave her some medicine. The medicine didn't help! Sam went through a whole box of Kleenex in one day.
When Dan takes a job at UPS all his friends go off to college. They all laugh at him for staying at a dead end job. But Dan is more ambitious than they realize Twenty years later Dan is a member of senior management at UPS. He is making at least 4 times as much as all his high school friends.
Jake was driving with his girlfriend. She kept changing the radio station. Jake was annoyed by it. Jake asked his girlfriend to stop. She sounded upset but agreed to do so.
Bryce loves pudding. He recently bought some chocolate pudding at the store. He liked the pudding so much he bought more. Bryce decided to make his own pudding one day. That was the only day he ever tried to make his own pudding.
Jill was a very fashion conscious young girl. She loved to look at fashion magazines. Jill often tried to draw the dresses that she saw in the magazines. She drew a picture of a dress that especially liked. The drawing was so good, she was able to make a pattern out of it.
It was Maria's first day on the police force after maternity leave. They got a call for a domestic disturbance. Maria found an infant, neglected in her crib. Maria hugged the baby close, changed her, and fed her milk. The paramedics told Maria that she had saved the baby
Susie walked to school. Suddenly, a dog ran out from a yard and began to chase her. She ran as fast as she could to get away from the dog. Eventually, the dog caught up to Susie and wanted to be petted. She petted the dog, it went away, and she continued on her way.
Sam was taking a nap in his living room. He awoke to something wet on his face. There was water dripping from his ceiling. Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet. He called the plumber immediately after to get it fixed.
John decided to try out for the baseball team. There were many other kids trying out too. John started to feel a little nervous. As the day rolled on, John realized he was one of the top players. John got picked as the team's shortstop.
Verna was visiting Mexico for her first time. She crossed the border into Tijuana but needed to make a call. She was about to purchase a phone for Mexico in a store. Then a beep came from her purse. Her American phone still received signal and worked in Tijuana!
One afternoon Anna found an old chest in the attic. She pulled out paperwork with strange names on it. She confronted her mom, who admitted that Anna was adopted. Anna was stunned at first. Gradually, though, she calmed down and accepted it.
The fat, little dog stared at the fish swimming in the pond. He wanted to be like a fish and swim too. With a plop, he jumped into the murky water. It was cold and slimy and nothing like he expected. He jumped out of the pond, deciding it was better to be a dog.
Jay had to go to a potluck dinner but he didn't know what to bring. He went online and searched for ideas. There were too many suggestions for Jay to consider. He just picked the first one he found. The first suggestion was for pulled pork so he made it.
Timmy needed a job to help him pay his way through college. Timmy had always done well in his high school math classes. He found some students in high school needing help in math. Timmy started to tutor the kids. Timmy used the money tutoring to pay for his studies.
There's a very mean woman who works at a store near me. I try and be polite but it makes no difference. The other day I went to buy beer and she made me wait. She told me you can't sell beer legally for another two minutes. I waited patiently but still she gave me a scowl.
Horace notices that he has trouble seeing distant objects. He realizes that he may need glasses. Horace buys a pair of glasses. Now he can see very well. He is glad to be able to see distant objects again.
Allie was with Fred. Then a beautiful girl walked by. Fred wanted her instead. So he dumped Allie. Allie was upset.
It was 4th period lunch. James and his friends were planning a food fight. James started the food fight by throwing his sandwich at the teacher. His friends threw all their food, covering the entire cafeteria floor. The students that participated all got detention for a week.
Paul has worked at the same job for many Year's. He has hoped for a promotion, but he was never granted one. Finally Paul is promoted to assistant manager at his job. He buys a bottle of champagne to celebrate his promotion. Paul feels very proud of being promoted.
Steve and his dad decided to play golf one morning. His dad loved golf, but Steve thought he was the better player. Steve told his dad that he would beat him for sure. They played eighteen holes. Steve's dad beat Steve by an impressive six strokes.
It was Christmas Eve. Julia was excited to celebrate all of her traditions. She was going to bake cookies. Then, she realized that she was out of butter and eggs. She was really disappointed but wouldn't let it ruin her night.
The girl decided to write a book of poetry. She sat down every day and wrote a new poem. She did this every day for almost two years. She amassed a huge collection of poems. She decided at the last minute not to try to publish them.
Tom was a very smart man. He was totally nonviolent. His friend convinced him that it's not violence when it's self defense. He learned that self defense is simply intelligence. Tom became an adept martial artist.
Bella was feeling very gloomy. She recognized warning signs of depression. Thus, she went to see a therapist to help her. The therapist was kind to her, and friendly. Bella soon felt better once again.
I walked outside to check the mail. I saw a small dirty dog on the road. It was wagging its tail and sitting by itself. I went over to pick it up. It seemed very happy and lonely, so I adopted it.
Stan came to work and his computer did not turn on. He tried to fix it himself to no avail. He had to call IT to come and help him fix the problem. The IT guy came right away to Stan's aid. The IT guy found a loose wire that was the cause of the problem.
Karl has been playing professional basketball for 19 years. He decides this will be his last year. Karl announces his retirement to the press. He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement. Karl is relieved that he will retire at the end of the season.
My husband surprised me today. He brought me flowers to my work. Then he took me to lunch. It was such a nice time. He is always thinking of ways to make me feel special.
A long and busy morning wore Olive out. Olive was looking forward to taking a nap. She laid down in bed. A loud bark echoed through her room. Olive is not happy she has a pomeranian.
A daughter of the mayor was named Rebecca. She was tall and luxurious. She was eating salsa while wearing a beautiful dress. And some of the salsa fell on her lap. Many people did not think she was so sophisticated after that.
The judge strode into the courtroom and took his seat. He asked the jury if they had a verdict. The man leading the jury took out a white envelope. The tension in the room increased as he took it out to read. He said that the defendant was guilty of the law.
Sian wanted to write down her life story. She sat in front of a word processor. She typed in the circumstances of her birth. Sian realized suddenly that her life was not that interesting. Sian began researching a thrilling vacation instead.
The man told a lie. He felt guilty about it later. He confessed to telling the lie. His friend appreciated his honesty. The man felt better about himself.
Kathy had just gotten her first set of big knives. She was excitedly chopping onions on her counter. Suddenly, the knife slipped and she nicked her hand. It began bleeding profusely as Kathy wrapped it. Luckily, he finger was okay and Kathy swore to be more careful.
Our cat hid a lot today. My wife was vacuuming the carpet. She came out after the vacuuming. She hid again when our son came over. She will come out, eventually.
I felt like I couldn't focus. I was falling asleep at the wheel. I turned on the radio looking for something to keep me awake. Ozzy blared loudly. I felt fully awake now.
The house was small at first. Over the years they built it larger. When my dad died, mom made it even bigger. Soon it was double the original size. Everyone teased her about her building.
Josh is an employee of Burger King. Hes usually a very cool and calm person. But a customer is testing his patients. But Josh remained calm and didn't get angry. Josh still has job.
Kylee is having a bad day. First she slept through her alarm clock. Then she dropped a bottle of jelly on her big toe. Then she got a flat tire on her way to work. With all that happened, tomorrow has to be a better day.
Kurt had just bought a new video game. He wasn't very good at it though. Kurt's older brother told him that he only needed practice. So Kurt started playing the it whenever he had free time. Finally, Kurt was able to beat the game!
Jake was trying to get rid of his old stuff. He tried a garage sale but still had a lot left. He decided to give it to Goodwill. They gave him a receipt and it helped his taxes. Jake felt good about his decision.
I was very nervous about my first flight. The woman next to me gave me a pill, with a wry smile. I swallowed the pill down. The next thing I knew we had landed in Tokyo. The woman told me she lives on those pills!
The man squeezed the cheese. It felt too firm. He asked the grocer for a softer cheese. The grocer suggested brie cheese. The man bought the brie.
Erin loved doing makeup so much she wanted to make it her career. She began by researching the makeup artist career path. Finally she made the jump and opened her own makeup shop. Now she does makeup for weddings and events. Erin is so happy that she is a professional makeup artist.
Susie was tired of paying a lot for her cell plan. It was eating up her wallet. So she decided to pick a cheaper plan. Finally she found one for thirty dollars a month. It ended up being perfect.
Stella loved football. She wanted to go to the stadium. She was so curious to check it out. Thankfully she was taken to one. She loved it.
Tina watched the news. A snowstorm was about to come. She got nervous. The next day they got ten feet of snow. Tina had never seen anything like it before.
Christina is unhappy at work. The people she works with are discriminating against her. Christina is Filipino, and cherishes her traditions and lifestyle. Her boss had a team meeting and requested that the action stop. Christina and her coworkers are now trying to rebuild a relationship.
Nate was eight and wanted to be an astronaut. His parents wanted to encourage him to dream big but be realistic. They decided to educate him by sending him to space camp! Nate had a great two weeks there learning all kinds of space facts. He was so thankful for his parents' gift of support and love!
Morgan took the trash out one day. Her dog had dug holes in the yard and she accidentally stepped in one. She twisted her ankle very badly when she fell. She went to the doctor, and discovered it was sprained. It took several weeks before Morgan's ankle was healed.
My friend Devin invited me to his house. I decided I would go visit him. I packed my bags up. I drove for hundreds of miles to his house. I spent a week with him and had fun.
It started to snow very hard. The school then called all of the families. School was canceled. Allie jumped for joy. She was glad to have a day off.
It was the fourth of July. Sean and Sara were supposed to go see the firework show. At the last minute, Sean didn't want to go. Sara argued with him. Sean promised to make it up to her.
Tom was unsure why he felt so bad. His mother wanted to take him to the doctor. Tom obliged. The doctor said Tom had Strep Throat. The doctor gave him medication which made Tom feel better.
It had been raining for 2 days straight. The sky finally turned blue. When I looked up there was a rainbow. It stretched for miles across the town. It was a beautiful sight after a rainy day.
My son's friend Tim is Korean. He was adopted by white people as an infant, He does not know anything about Korean life. One day my son interviewed Tim for a school project on ethnicity. Tim said he had no interest in exploring his roots.
Kalani started to hear voices when he was 10 years old. His parents grew concerned and took him to the Doctor. The Doctor said that he was just a child with an active imagination. But when Kalani turned 18 he also began hallucinating. He went to a new Doctor who then diagnosed him with schizophrenia.
In the Philippines the poverty level is very high. Babes is lucky to be married to a man with an income from America. She has been sick for quite some time and they finally found out why. She needed an expensive treatment for her thyroid. If she wasn't married to Richard she may never have gotten help.
Sean had just started at a new job. He liked everyone except for one co worker. Susie was always being rude and passive aggressive. Sean told his boss about his issues. Luckily, Susie seemed to tone it down from then on.
Baby George started crying in his room. George's dad went in to check on him. George's favorite musical bear was making a strange noise. George's dad replaced the batteries in the bear. Baby George was happy to get the bear back after the battery change.
Alex wanted a Nintendo system like his friend Rob. His mother refused to buy him a game system. When Alex spoke to his Grandmother he asked her for one. When it arrived Alex's mom was furious. His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo.
Melissa hated eggplants a lot. She didn't like them because they were purple. One day, she was forced to eat one. At first, she declined. But after tasting one, Melissa fell in love with eggplants.
Tim never really drank. One night his friends convinced him to at the club. Before he knew it he had drank too much. Tim lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk. He got into an accident and was severely injured.
Bob got a phone call. He'd forgotten to pay his water bill. He rushed to the water department to give them the money. Without it, they'd shut his water off. Bob got there just in time.
Tom wanted to improve his typing speed. He perform extensive google searches regarding this. He learned a lot. He began practicing with free online tools. He successfully improved his typing speed.
Susie found this awesome hat on the street. At first she did not know what it was. It had all these bright colors. It looked like a rainbow. It was a cool hat.
It was getting colder. So John wanted to use his fireplace. But he didn't have any wood. So John chopped some trees from his backyard. He used that wood for his fireplace.
Kevin and his friends decided to shoot some hoops outside. The boys had much fun outside in the sun. To their dismay however, it started to rainy. The boys quickly ran back inside to play some games. Thankfully the rainy was over in an hour so they could go back out.
Lily had gotten a major role in a school concert. She was scared she would mess up or forget her words. Her mother assured her she was going to do terrific. The words of courage enlightened her and made her feel at ease. She was able to perform her part perfectly which made her happy.
Kate was driving to visit friends in another state. She pulled over midway to consult her map. Scrutinizing it, she frowned. Kate had no idea where she was! She had to ask directions in a gas station.
Tom was out with friends. He offered to pay for lunch. Unfortunately he wasn't able to find his debit card. Tom was embarrassed and asked for forgiveness. His friends paid for his food and told him it was fine.
My parents decided to take my brother and I on a road trip. We traveled all the way to California. By the end, the trip to California took three whole days! We saw so many cool views along the way! After staying in California for a little, it was time to go home.
Sam was riding the bus. It was his first time. He was nervous. He decided to listen to music. After a while the music had him completely relaxed.
We drank tea Chinese style, black. One day our father brought home tea bags, He made us tea with milk and sugar. He also made tea with lemon. We had never had tea this way and were astounded.
Ingrid tried to get Jason to notice her. He never seemed to even acknowledge her existence. One day she just went up to him and asked him if he liked her. He told her he didn't like her at all. Ingrid punched him in the gut and walked away.
Matt was redesigning his home. He stripped down the house to its bare bones. He planned meticulously. It took a lot of patience and hard work. After 2 years, he was able to look at his redesigned home and smile.
Otis was walking to his car after work. He noticed his tire was flat. Otis opened the trunk of his car. He pulled out his spare tire. Otis changed his tire.
Allie went to the drive in. But she got bored. So she took out her phone. But there was no service. She was very annoyed.
Abby was always annoyed by the family dog. He chewed up one of her toys and got very sick. Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work. She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered. Now that he's no longer sick they play together every day.
Tom hated his glasses. It was all he could afford. He looked online for different lenses. He found a cheap pair. Tom liked them a lot more.
Bella loves to go apple picking. She gets to go with her grandparents. This year, they went to a different orchard. The orchard was filled with a lot of apples. Bella picked a whole bushel full of apples.
I was at school waiting for the day to be over. I had to walk home that day. As soon as I started walking home it started to hail. I ran as fast a possible because the ice pellet were giving me bruises I ended up slipping and breaking my foot.
Lorde Jimson was a world champion thumb wrestler. He boasted that none could beat him in the ring. That is until he was challenged by a crafty 8-year-old. Lorde and the kid locked thumbs for 2 hours straight. The kid pinned lorde after faking his own pin and slipping out.
Lauren is a broke college student. She doesn't own a car and doesn't have much money. She notices a flyer for a sweepstakes. Lauren decides to enter her name into the drawing. A few months later passed and Lauren was notified she had won the car.
Jan wanted a new purse. She knew should could not afford the one she wanted. She decided to start saving until she could. Jan finally had enough money. When she went to buy the purse, it was gone.
Spencer sat in his class. He learned about design tips. He did the homework. He did well on the test. He passed the class.
One time I was in a very scary storm. I was driving home from work and it was raining very hard. It was also thundering and lightning. Every time it would thunder I would get very spooked. I did not enjoy driving in that storm at all.
Bruce was scared of the dark. Tonight was a very, very dark night. He asked his friend Jim to walk him home. Jim walked Bruce to the front door of his house. Bruce was so grateful he kissed Jim full on the lips!
I received a message on facebook from a random girl. She loved the Beatles just like me. We went to a Paul McCartney concert together. We started dating shortly after. We have been together for 4 years.
Bridgette finished her cereal however, she was still hungry. He walked to Mark, who was trying to finish his gummy bears. She quickly took some of the bears and ran off. Mark was extremely furious and ran after her. They got into a small fight.
Kay was tired of being overweight. She went on a diet with her best friend. The two ladies cut out sweets and began walking. Kay was amazed at the results. In eight weeks, she had lost twelve pounds!
Jessie had just taken out the trash. Suddenly, she realized that her bracelet was missing. She looked all over for it. Then, she realized that it probably fell in the trash. She had to dig through the garbage to find it.
Tom was in the shower. He heard someone knocking at the door. He rushed to the door. He only had a small towel. He was embarrassed but answered the door.
Phil has heard that shaving his legs will make him swim faster. While he does not want to shave, he wants to know if it works. He shaves his legs and finds that he can swim much faster. Phil now is one of the fastest swimmers in town. He is happy that he tried shaving his legs.
Tramby Ramby was a firefighter. He saved a dozen cats from a burning building. The reporters came to interview him, but their van caught on fire. Tramby then saved their producer. He was so loved he won a medal from the Mayor.
Lucy was sitting on the porch swing minding her own business. Suddenly her brother ran over, jumping on it. She heard a crack. Before she knew it they were both on the ground. Her brother had broken the swing.
The sun was shining brightly when I got to work yesterday. A few minutes later I heard thunder! Before long it was raining hard, with lots of thunder and lightning. Lightning struck nearby and caused our power to go off. We were without electricity for two hours!
Cara liked girl things like dolls and dancing. Cara also liked playing superhero. One day, she decided to go to school as a Jedi princess. Some kids made fun of her. But other kids told her she looked cool!
My father in law is a very lazy man. He only gets out of bed for the bathroom and snacks. Now he's angry that he can't get his driver's license renewed. No one feels sorry for him. We told him this would happen if he never exercised.
Hershel was a dad. He had many kids with different mothers. One day he was pulled over for speeding and was arrested. He had to be bailed out of jail because of backed up child support. Hershel now always pays his child support on time.
Lucy was in low spirits. She awoke feeling better than she had in days. She decided she would make the most of her good mood. She fully expected the depression to return. By the end of the day she began to think she was getting better.
Anna was shaving her legs. Her hand slipped and she nicked her knee. It bled an awful lot! Anna had to finish her shave very quickly. Then she hurried to apply a gauze pad to the blood.
Jason was tired of wearing the same old clothes. He decided it was time for a change. He went down to the mall to go shopping for clothes. After looking over some different outfits he settled on one. He liked the way it looked on him very much and was happy.
Carry wanted some chocolates. So Carry drove to the store to get chocolate. Carry got lots of chocolate bars. Carry got home and turned on her TV and eat her chocolate. She was so glad she got the chocolate.
My young son took a fire lighter from the drawer. He was trying to play around with it. However, he lost the fire on my shirt. It started to burn from the flames. I drenched it in water in order to extinguish the flames.
Jack was an industrious researcher. He found a flaw with a popular website. He reported it in good faith. The authorities put him in a very confined space. Jack's cellmate isn't very interested in his sort of hacking.
I made my sister and I peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I laid mine on plate to eat but had to run upstairs. When I got back my sandwich was gone. My little sister was at the table eating. I finally figured out she at my sandwich too.
Bill was not looking forward to the holidays. His family didn't celebrate Christmas like all his friends did. Christmas morning was just like any other school holiday day. He didn't want to let all the kids know that Santa didn't visit him. When school started again he lied about getting nice presents.
Eric was preparing puppets for his show that weekend. Using green felt and some white eyes, he made a frog. He spent a few hours creating a voice and attitude for the frog. Hours later, he tried to decide a voice but had no luck. Eric decided he would use his own voice for Clyde frog.
Jake bought some new deodorant. He was excited to try it out. The first day he wore it was bad. He sweated more than normal and smelled worse. Jake decided to go back to ho
My son was murdered. The murderer had been caught. He was on trial for the murder. The jury decided he was guilty. I felt happy that the justice system was on my side.
Billy's neighbor invited him over to see his boxes of bees. The neighbor told Billy how the bees made honey. He also cautioned Billy to never disturb the bees. One day, Billy couldn't resist trying to get some honey. Luckily, the neighbor arrived just as Billy was opening a bee box.
The cruise ship sailed out of Boston. The Baker family onboard going to Bermuda. The waves crashed against the ship. The captain came on the loudspeaker. He announced due to the storm the ship was turning back.
Kasey was a cheerleader. She was performing at a football game. She climbed to the top of the cheer pyramid. But then she toppled to the ground! Kasey was lucky not to be injured.
Clare invited Sam to her house to work on a school project. Sam was nervous but was required to help Clare. He was proud to arrive precisely on time. However, he deliberately worked slowly to stay with Sara longer. Before leaving, Sam picked up a strand of Sarah's hair to keep.
Tom wanted to grow up. He wanted to be an adult. He told his parents that he was an adult. They showed him the electric bill. Tom no longer wanted to be an adult.
A boy was born 3 months early and spent months in the ICU afterwards. He was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when he was 2 and needed surgery. When he started going to school he had to learn to deal with bullying. It took a lot but he was preparing for the real world. He graduates next month and moving to college for a new beginning.
Eve wanted to skateboard. She bought herself a board. Then she went outside to practice. At first she fell often. But soon she was skating very well!
Colton had no plans for the weekend. He thought he might clean his garage or his yard. Saturday arrived but he just could not get in gear. He called some friends and invited them out. His buddies all met at a local restaurant and had lots of fun.
Bob heard that the space station would pass over his house tonight. He set his alarm for 4 in the morning to see it. It woke up him up and he got out of bed. Bob walked outside and got out a chair. He fell asleep in the chair waiting for the space station to appear.
I was hanging out with my friend. He pulled in front of my car. I went off the road. There was mud flying. Then I got back in front.
Bob bought a used classic Corvette. As he was driving it home, the engine started overheating. He stopped the car and opened the hood. He checked the radiator and noticed it was low on coolant. He added some water to the radiator from a container in the trunk.
Liz was a lover of the outdoors. She hiked, fished, and even hunted whenever she got the chance. When walking in the woods one day, she came across a wounded bird. She quickly scooped up the bird and brought it back to her house. Liz was able to nurse the small bird back to health and release it.
I tried very hard to reach my goal today. It took a ridiculously long time and I was frustrated. I wanted to scream, but I composed myself. I took a break and went to eat lunch. I ordered a salad and tried to clear my head.
It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and Kelsi was laying in bed. To her delight she found out there was a gossip girl marathon on. Gossip girl was her absolute favorite show. She immediately turned on the channel and dug out the popcorn. She was in the happiest place right now.
Holly is a great student. She is studying for a science exam. Science is her most difficult subject. With flashcards and study guides, she feels prepared. Holly aces her exam.
The teams were tied with two seconds to go. The blue team's coach called a timeout. He gave them a last-minute play to run. The team felt all the pressure. The play worked and they won!
Betty was bad with people. She would go to work and never say a word. One day someone asked her if she wanted to go to a party. She said yes which surprised everyone. She was the life of the party that Friday night.
Uma took a shot of whiskey. She felt the warmth in her bones. Then she stepped outside into the cold. It was well below freezing in this area of Siberia. She ran to the mailbox and then back into the house.
I moved into a new apartment last week. Now I need to fill it with furniture. I've been visiting local thrift shops seeking furniture. I'm slowly accumulating a couple of room's worth of furniture. The cool thing is that it hasn't cost more than a few hundred dollars.
Michael was stunned to learn he had HIV. He knows it is not a death sentence but was still very upset. He was mainly worried about all of the people he had sex with. They would all need to be told and get tested. He didn't deceive anyone but still felt horrible for it anyway.
Cat had made the dance team every year since the 7th grade. It was her junior year and she was nervous. New people were trying out. Cat practiced and practiced. Cat tried out and did not make the team.
Hank hand finally been given the chance. He was going to play shortstop in a big game. He got out on the field and readied himself. The game was going well until a line drive got cracked right at him. Hank dove to the left and made an amazing grab as the crowd cheered.
Lonny's favorite animal was the lion. Her family took her on a vacation to Las Vegas. In Las Vegas, they took Lonny to see the MGM lion statue. Then they took her to see the lions kept inside. Lonny bought a bunch of gift shop trinkets of the lion statue.
All of my friends are going out tonight. They invited me to go with them. I am feeling tired. I think I may stay in for the night. I let them know I would go next week instead.
Charles turned five in December. He will start kindergarten next fall. His mom called the district office to get registration information. She gathered all the stuff to get him registered. Charles is all ready to start kindergarten now.
Kate invited her new boyfriend, Bill, over for dinner. Kate wanted to impress Bill with a home-cooked meal. Kate is a terrible cook and burned the food she tried to prepare. Kate decided to order take-out food and pretend it was home-cooked. Bill was impressed and never found out Kate's secret!
I decided to go on a trip to Key West last winter. I made reservations for the trip and a week later flew to Miami. The weather was beautiful in the keys and I went snorkeling. I also spent some time tanning out by the hotel pool. I was sad to leave Key West but I had to go back home.
Tom had a bad tooth ache. He screamed at night because of the pain. He didn't see the dentist because it was too expensive. It was so bad that he finally gave in. He got his tooth pulled and the pain was over.
When my daughter turned 3 she requested Minnie Mouse cupcakes. I didn't have the money to pay someone to make them. It was up to me to make her dream come true. I found a recipe and design and got to baking. My daughter was so happy when she seen the cupcakes.
Kim has a Bible test tomorrow. She decided not to study since she goes to church. When she got the test, she did not know any of the answers. She failed her test. Luckily her teacher gave her a retake.
Dolph thought online encyclopedia projects were a noble human project. He signed up for an editing account. His copy-editing was bad and usually had to be redone. His original content was enthusiastic, but not rigorous enough. Dolph decided he could help best by quitting.
Keith was taking an art class in school. He enjoyed taking the class, but wasn't doing well. Keith asked the instructor for additional help. The instructor gave Keith extra help outside the class. Keith enjoyed the class even more once he performed better.
Steve dove into a fox hole and waited for the impending explosion. He heard a loud bang and covered his head. When the smoke cleared he got out and charged at the enemy. A bullet ripped into his arm but he kept running. He fired his rifle and took out the opposing soldier.
Kevin was having a bunch of friends over. His mom liked for him to have playdates. The kids all ran around and played with nerf guns. They screamed and laughed and had a great time. Kevin asked if they could come over the next day as well.
Cindy was getting her kids ready for pictures. She thought her daughter would look good in shoulder pads. Her daughter strongly disagrees. She finally got her daughter dressed. Her daughter frowned in all the photos.
Carls loves playing computer games. Computer games makes him relaxed. He spends five hours a day. It makes him active and smart. He loves playing games with competitor.
Dana and Amanda were married and didn't keep secrets. But, Amanda noticed Dana kept a shoe-box at his mother's house. Amanda asked Dana what was in the shoe-box. Dana said old pictures but she couldn't see them. She went by her mother-in-law's home and the photos were nude selfies.
Greg met Alissa through the Internet. As they lived a thousand miles away, they vowed to only stay friends. But as time went by, they couldn't deny their attraction. So they had to deal with the long distance relationship. Until Greg decided to move to be closer to Alissa and marry her.
For a couple months boxes were thrown in the backroom. The room was now full. Jim's manager ordered that Jim break down the boxes to make more room. Jim hesitantly accepted his new duty. Now Jim has to spend the next several hours breaking down boxes.
I sat on the bench in front of our building today. My sister-in-law lives in the same building. When she drives home she tries to wave at me on the bench. Today she saw me and waved. I waved back, happily.
I never wanted to use social media. Uncle Henry died and our extended family vowed to keep in touch. Facebook became our main mode of communication. I found out some terrible things about our family. Uncle Henry was my real father not my uncle.
Tyler was always arguing with his father. His father was a know it all, stern, stereotypical alpha male. On the way to the beach Tyler told his dad they were missing the exit. After missing the exit his dad angrily flipped around. As Tyler was saying no U turn, they were hit by an oncoming truck.
Dave goes the gym every day of his life. He knows that the busy time is during the evening. As he arrives in the parking lot, a car hits his by backing out. Dave gets out to examine the damage with the other person. They exchange information and proceed to workout together.
Ember was just a little girl. Even though she was so little, she decided to make cookies. She dropped the eggs into the bowl without breaking them. She made a huge mess. Her mother scolded her when she discovered what she'd done.
Cable was a master magician able to perform the latest of tricks. He was praised by his brother Luca for being the master of magic. One summer he invited Luca to be his volunteer, Luca agreed. When he revealed his secret trick Luca ran away crying. Luca had never been told that magic was all an act, a hard revelation.
Ryan's dad was trying to teach him to hit a ball with a bat. He would throw the ball gently. Ryan would try to hit the ball. They did this for a long time. Finally, Ryan hit the ball high into the air.
Yesterday Tom asked Kate out for a date. He took her to the new restaurant. When they got there, the conversation was boring. Kate really wanted to leave. She told tom she had to go to the restroom and never came back,
Tim loved riding his bike. His friends told him to enter a race. Tim agreed to do so. He didn't have high hopes but did well. It encouraged Tim to enter more.
Stormy asked if I could be her new mama. She asked because she was little and didn't know who her mother was. She clung to me the whole time I was there. I cuddled her and played with her a lot. I cried when I had to leave her.
Carl accidentally left his sunglasses on his car seat. When Carl sat down he heard a crack. Carl looked under him and saw the broken sunglasses. Carl didn't have another pair to wear. Carl had to drive to work with the sun glaring in his eyes.
Kim always wanted to walk by herself to school. Kim's mom refused to let her because of the danger. One day, Kim's mom was on a trip so her dad said she could walk alone. Kim never made it to school, disappearing forever. Kim's mom blamed her father, resulting in a tragic divorce.
The dog knew that something was up when her master put her in the car. The whole car trip, she was nervous and anxious. She knew she wasn't going to the park. When she saw the vet's office, she knew it was going to be a bad day. The vet wasn't as bad as she thought, and they went to the park after.
Peter didn't like children and yet he was a clown. Every time he had to perform for children he would get a rash. He went to the doctor and he was told to stop being a clown. But as he didn't know how to do anything else he continued. Unfortunately his condition got worse and he had to stop for good.
Several people were lined up in front of the store. Most of them had supplies since they waited for several hours. When it was midnight, the store manager opened the doors. Everyone ran inside. They tried to get as many deals as possible.
Sam wanted to learn to cook better for her family. Since her mother had passed away, she didn't have anyone to teach her. One day, she saw an ad for a cooking school. Though she worked full time, she was able to make it to the classes. Her family was happy because her foods were much better afterwards.
Larry hated to dress in a suit. However, one day he was invited to a wedding. He asked the groom if he could wear a sweater to the wedding. The groom told him that he must wear a suit. Larry agreed, begrudgingly, to wear one.
He told her needed loyalty. She asked him what he considered loyal. He told her she must always stay with him. She asked if that meant no matter what he did. He said yes, which worried her.
Pat wanted some flowers in her yard. She planted sunflowers and they grew big and tall. They had bright yellow blooms that were beautiful. Once they flowers were full grown, Pat cut them down. She put them in a vase and admired them.
Sam was walking his dog. All of a sudden a loud sound scared the dog. It ran away. Sam looked for hours before going home Sam's dog was at home waiting for him.
I always said that if I became pregnant I would want a C-section. My friends and family thought I was crazy! To my surprise, I discovered I was pregnant with twin boys! A C-section was automatically covered because I was having twins. I would recommend this method of delivery to everyone!
Little Jack liked to play with guns. He knew it was wrong, but he did not care about safety. One day, Jack decided to try a new trick, tossing his gun in the air. The gun came down and went off towards Jack. Now fingerless, Jack does not like to play with guns anymore.
Julie woke up drenched in sweat. Her air conditioner was on but no cold air was coming out. She checked the machine but couldn't find the problem. She called a repair person who came to fix it right away. Julie was happy to have cool temperatures once again.
Tony was making a pizza in his restaurant. Suddenly, an order for some french fries came in. Tony grabbed some fries and threw them into the fryer. His sloppiness caused a large grease fire everywhere. Tony grabbed his special fire extinguisher, and put out the flames.
Jessie is a freshman at college and is trying to buy her books. She realized that she can't afford them when they are this expensive. Her roommate found a website where she can download the books. Jessie downloaded all of her textbooks right to her tablet for free. She is extremely thankful to her roommate for showing her this.
Lauren has to wear a uniform to school. She grabbed the wrong skirt. As she was walking down the hall, she got stopped by the principal. Her skirt was too short. Lauren got detention.
John and his pals made fun of the cafeteria ladies. They snickered when the ladies in hair nets handed them trays. One day, John's mom came home excited. She had finally found a job to help pay the bills. John was aghast when his mom showed her cafeteria lady uniform.
Josh and Caro were neighbors growing up and spend time together. After high school Josh moved away for a few years. He ran in to Caro at a party and decided to move back after a date. They were together for 7 years but things fell apart. Now she lives all alone and he moved away again.
Mel loved boys like any other teenager, but had no boyfriend. The prom was approaching and no one had asked her. By the week before, she was dejected. She thought she wouldn't be able to attend, but then she got a note. It was from the quarterback, and it invited her to be his prom date!
I always had a curiosity towards science and how it works. So I went to my professor the other day and asked. I wanted to know about all there is to know about Science. He basically gave me some basics and told me to research myself. I went home and did just that, never regretting asking one bit.
Judy took her granddaughter to the zoo. They looked at the monkeys. Her granddaughter had to go to the bathroom. When she came out she couldn't find her. Judy found her back at the monkey cages.
Today I found out I've been laid off. I moved 10 hours from home to take this job. I left my friends and my boyfriend behind. All because my uncle convinced me to take this job. He's the man who hired me.
My store had a clearance sale on leftover summer merchandise. All of the sale merchandise was placed in our garden center. Sales were very poor, so the store manager decided to move everything. All of the merchandise was moved to the aisle near the cash registers. Our sales on this merchandise tripled in just a few hours.
Bo and DJ hadn't seen each other since they were roommates in college. Bo was going to be in town and DJ was excited to get together. The plan was for Bo to come to DJ's place before going out. DJ wanted to go clubbing and pick up girls like they used to do. Hearing the doorbell DJ opened the door and saw Bo was now a woman.
Jay wanted to be a mechanic. He signed up for auto class in senior year. He learned all kinds of things. After he graduated, he found work at a garage. He was so skilled, he got his first raise in under a month!
I tripped going to work the other day. It was right at the entrance. I decided to roll with it and start dancing after. Everyone thought it was funny I was still ashamed but not nearly as much.
I wanted to sail the seven seas. I couldn't afford a boat of my own. Instead I found a ship and signed up. The Captain was on a tight schedule. I found it rather boring.
Kate thought there were going to be 3 extremely hot days. But the 95 degree heat dragged on four days. She checked the weather to find out the temperature for the next day. The weather man was predicting a fifth day of 95 degree weather. Kate was so shocked she dropped her mobile phone.
Ed was starving when his dad handed him his ham sandwich. He had been playing in the ocean all morning. Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared. A seagull had stolen it right from his hands! His dad shared his sandwich with him.
Anna agreed to a blind date. She met the man for dinner. She expected to dislike him. But they actually got on very well! Anna was very pleasantly surprised!
Tim won tickets to a taping of a late night show. He was unable to make the date. He decided to give his tickets away. All of his friends wanted them. He set up a random lottery to see who'd get them.
Kim was driving carefully through the heavy fog. She heard a thump from below her car. Kim got out to see if she'd hit something. When she saw nothing, she prepared to get back into her car. A truck coming from the other way slammed into her and killed her.
Mavis was getting older. She decided to retire. Everyone liked Mavis at work. Her coworkers decided to throw her a retirement party. Mavis felt very loved.
Grace always ran through the local park for exercise. The park had been closed down recently for sidewalk repairs. Grace was unsure of where to run in place of her regular choice. Grace decided to go buy a treadmill at a store. Grace enjoyed her treadmill run just as much as the park.
Danny's favorite sport was basketball. He had a hoop hanging over their garage door. After dinner every night, he would practice. Danny tried out for the school team. The coach told Danny he had made the cut.
Norman had bought an engagement ring for his girlfriend. He was going to ask her to marry him. Norman's girlfriend broke up with him before he asked him. He went back to the jewelry store. Norman returned the ring.
Tom was walking home from work. There was a protest going on at the same time. They were marching in the same direction. Tom was swept up as part of it. It took him minutes of struggling to get back out.
Brad took a girl on a date. But at dinner, she said she was vegan. She could not eat burgers or pizza. Brad worried, but the girl ordered french fries. She ate them and seemed happy enough.
The astronauts were on the platform. They took the elevator all the way up to the top. They got on board the rocket. The countdown began. 5, 4, 3, 2,1, Liftoff!
Rachel bought a goldfish for her child. Her child adored the fish. In the morning, Rachel found the fish floating dead in it's bowl. Rachel rushed to the pet store and bought another goldfish. Her child asked her why his fish lost so much weight.
Jane and her friends go to the local park after school. At the park, they play on the swing set. Next, they play on the monkey bars and the slide. Afterwards, they play tag in the field. After playing, the kids walk home together.
Francis was driving from Los Angeles to New York. However, one one of his tired became flat. Francis pulled over to the side of the road to replace his tire. Once he had replaced the tire he was ready to drive again! Finally Francis had restarted his journey to New York.
I didn't know my daughter cared about who gave her gifts for Christmas. So I marked all my gifts from Santa. She read all the tags as she opened her presents. When she got to the last one she gave me one last look. Then was sad that I did not get her anything, despite all I bought.
The toll collector asked me for 50 cents. I looked everywhere and only found 45 cents. Although the amount was close, the toll collector declined it. He said that I'm not aloud to pass. I turned my car around and drove off.
I played softball when I was a kid. I wasn't very good at throwing the ball at first. My dad offered to practice with me. I practiced every day for a month. I became a much better at throwing after my dad's help.
Emilia loved romantic movies. She could always be seen crying at the end of them. Her boyfriend Sam did not enjoy the movies. At the end of one of these movies, Sam rolled his eyes and yawned. Emilia got mad and wouldn't speak to Sam for an hour.
John and Marsha were lovers and wanted to vacation together. They went downtown to a travel agency. They looked through catalogs of vacation trips. They decided to go to Alaska to enjoy the snow. They are now in Juneau enjoying the snow.
Tom noticed a rash on his body. It itched all over. He tried different things to fix it. Eventually he had his sheets professionally dry cleaned. Tom's rash got better.
I fell in love with a Special Forces soldier who looked perfect. He could lift hundreds of pounds and run miles with 100 rucksacks. But he was addicted to pornography. He preferred pornography to having actual sex with me. Pornography ruined our relationship.
Jane was hanging out with her sister. They were trying on different outfits. After jane left she noticed she took the wrong pair of pants. They both had very similar pairs. Jane's sister didn't really care and they swapped back later.
I was lonely as a child. I was shy and afraid of people. I solved my problem by having imaginary friends. I am an adult now. I still think about my old friends.
I got a new job. It required me to learn Excel. I had to spend hours every night learning Excel. Eventually, I learned it! My boss was proud of my work ethic and gave me a raise.
Jane just bought a new phone. As she was walking her dog, her dog jerked the leash. Jane's phone went flying out of her hand. The phone landed face down and the screen shattered. Jane could no longer use her new phone.
I had always wanted to own a home. I saved as much money as I could to buy my first home. During the housing crisis of 2008 there were many good deals. I bidded on a foreclosure. I am now the proud owner of a new home.
I ran into an old friend the other day. We realized how long it had been. So, we decided to have lunch. We went for chicken wings. And, we vowed to stay in better touch.
Steve walked to school every day. He walked regardless of the season. During the winter, he slipped on some ice while walking. Steve broke his ankle. Now Steve rides the bus to school.
Gary wants to be a millionaire. Unfortunately, Gary doesn't want to work. One day, Gary bought a lottery ticket. To everyone's great surprise, he won. Now Gary is a millionaire
Tom had weight lifted his entire life. He easily made the olympic team. He was a favorite to win gold. Tom did better than expected. He won several medals.
Chris wanted to take up a new hobby. He knew he wanted something relaxing. He asked his friends for advice. His friends suggested fishing. Chris began fishing and enjoyed it.
Allie wanted to straighten her hair. She wanted an at home treatment. She thought it would save her money. She put the formula all over her hair. When it was done it looked fabulous and she would do it again.
Mike got his son an RC car for Christmas. But on Christmas day, he found out the battery pack wasn't included. He became impatient and tried to find another battery in his house. But he realized he wasn't spending time with his family. So Mike decided to forget about the presents and enjoy being together.
Today I had to do inventory at work with my boss. He did the top shelves and I did the bottom shelves. By the time I was finished, my knees were dirty and sore. When I went home, my roommate asked me about my day. Without thinking I said, "My boss had me on my knees all day."
Ava was overwhelmed. She had a big wedding to plan! She decided to call a wedding planner for help. The planner handled all the complicated details. Ava found her to be invaluable!
Sharon hated cooking and ate a lot of sandwiches. Her friends teased her about being a bad cook. Sharon secretly signed up for some cooking classes. After graduation, she cooked a fancy meal for her friends. Her friends were very impressed and said she had become a great cook.
Bill went on a class trip to Africa. They were going to see pyramids. Bill thought it would be boring. He didn't want to go. He was shocked to see how amazing and beautiful they actually were.
Gina kept a butter knife in her room to open her door. Her mother had promised to fix the door, but it hadn't happened yet. One day when the handle fell off Gina reached for her butter knife. It was no longer where she left it. She realized her mother had found, and taken it away.
Tony was babysitting his younger cousins. He decided to scare them. He flipped his eyelids up so that his eyes looked red. Then, he hid behind a wall. When his cousin walked past the wall, he jumped out and scared him.
Carl bought Mary a present. He brought it home and got out wrapping paper. He tried several times to wrap the present. The paper ripped and the ribbon wouldn't stay in place. He used a gift bag and delivered Marry her present at the party.
Dan loved to tease his sister, Alice. One day, Dan was delighted to find a plastic spider at a store. After purchasing it, he hurried home to place it on Alice's desk. He waited around the corner until she went to her desk. He found her screams hilarious!
Kia was caught in a snowstorm one day. She pulled her car into a parking lot and waited. It was several hours before plows came. Kia found some snacks in her purse and ate them while waiting. She was very glad she hadn't had to wait even longer!\
On a very hot day, Steve was outside with his dog when his phone rang. A friend urgently needed him, and Steve jumped in his car to go help. He texted his wife to let the dog in and spent hours with his friend. Coming home, he was horrified to see his dog motionless in the dirt. His wife never got the text, and trapped outside, the dog had died.
Tom had always hated his dad. As a child, his dad was always scolding him. But as he matured, Tom saw that his dad was trying to help him. Soon the two men began to really communicate. And as an adult, Tom counted his dad among his best friends.
Gina wanted sleep in her grandpa's bed. He was dead and wouldn't ever use the bed again. There was no sense in the bed going unused. But she was scared to sleep there alone. When asked, her brothers and sisters refused to sleep there.
Me and my family went on a hike in the woods. Along the way we stopped at a beautiful river. We saw a fish jump in the rushing water. Further in the hike, we saw birds and a deer. We were all sweating bad when we arrived at the end of the trail.
Tommy was walking through the park. He saw a dog by itself in the distance. When he approached the dog he saw that it had a collar. He called the number on the collar. The owner of the dog was happy to have their dog found.
Jade had made plans to hangout at the mall. Her little sister wanted to tag along with Jade. She was forced by her mother take along her sister. Jade sister got lost in the mall. Mall security located her little sister for Jade.
Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call. She'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast. The discussion went from discussing her influences to future plans. She choked a bit, unsure what those plans were a year from now. Reflecting on that, she improvised and bounced ideas off of the host.
Allante and Elise met in college. Soon after, they began dating and fell in love. One day, Allante proposed, and of course Elise said yes. They planned a perfect wedding, and all guests had a great time. Ultimately, they lived happily ever after.
Dan heard a tune that he really enjoyed while driving. The announcer never stated what it was or who the tune was by. Dan asked several friends if they knew the tune. Dan felt frustrated by not knowing who did the tune. Late that night, Dan woke up, finally remembering whose tune it was!
Morris called Danny to remind him to pick up ice cream for the cake. As soon as he hung up, Morris realized he forgot something else. He called Danny back. He asked him to pick up some wine too. Danny returned home with ice cream, wine and roses for his Valentine.
Cindy couldn't figure out what was wrong with her computer. A friend of Cindy's couldn't understand what was broken either. Cindy called a computer repairman. The repairman knew how to fix the computer. Cindy can now browse the internet once again.
Benny was a dentist assistant. One day, he saw a patient with the most beautiful teeth. He complimented him on it, and the patient took it as flirting. Benny tried to backtrack, but it was too late. The patient broke free from the chair and ran off.
Zeke was trying to work on his computer. He needed some music but couldn't find anything good. He decided to check out some of his friend's playlists. He found won and listened all the way through. It was so good that the music became some of his new favorites.
My grandmother ordered food for us at restaurant. The waiter took our order and told us to wait. After 2-3 hours, we remained on the table. I asked the waiter if everything was ok. She apologized and told me that she forgot to put in the order.
Mary was walking with her baby. Suddenly, it began to pour rain. She didn't want the baby to get wet or sick. She tried her best to cover him with coats and blankets. Then, she quickly ran home and got him inside.
In 1987 we moved to Chandler Pond in Brighton. It was a twenty minute walk to the BC Green Line stop. One day I saw a person walking through the condo parking lot. I followed as he walked to BC in only ten minutes via a short cut. I was very excited to not have to walk so far.
Claire had always wanted to ride a large roller coaster. Her parents took her to a big theme park. When she looked at the roller coaster she was very intimidated. Her mother encouraged her to try it. Claire loved riding the roller coaster.
Alex had just gotten a Nintendo from his grandmother. He had never played a video game before. Playing Super Mario Brothers he failed to finish the first board. After an hour he was getting the hang of it. He was proud when he finally finished the first level.
May was babysitting for 5 hours a new couple. They came highly recommended from other she worked for. The toddler was extremely active, and ran all over the house. When the parents returned they paid May $30. May was highly upset since she expected $50.
Grace had to take an overseas flight one day. She was extremely afraid at the thought of it. She read online about plane safety and crashes. This only made her more paranoid and nervous. Luckily the flight itself passed slowly but safely.
Glancing at her watch, Gail became agitated. Hearing her stomach growl, Gail decided to wait ten more minutes. Nine minutes later, the waitress served Gail her dinner order. Finding the food ice cold, Gail burst into tears. Sobbing, Gail poured ketchup on the cold french fries.
Nelly wanted to get around having to copy and paste her ID constantly. She wrote a little code to put the ID in her clipboard. All she had to do was click a bookmarklet to activate it. It felt very streamlined to Nelly. But she had spent an exorbitant amount of time writing the code.
Gina lied and told her mother she left her phone in her locker. In reality it had been confiscated by a teacher. She laughed and pretended to be lighthearted. She walked calmly to her room and closed the door. She jumped on her bed as her heart pounded in her ears.
Joey stayed out late with his friends one weekend. They decided to paint graffiti on one of the local businesses. A patrolling officer caught the boys. They had to go to court with their parents. The boys were sentenced to many hours of community service.
When Tom finds out that he's adopted he is devastated. He can't believe that his parents lied to him his whole life. So he goes looking for his real parents. He finds out that they died five years ago. It takes Tom a long time to get over the betrayal.
John woke up feeling like he slept too long one day. He checked the alarm clock and saw the lights flashing. He realized that the power must have been temporarily lost at night. It reset the alarm clock and John woke up an hour late to work. Since then John has been using his cellphone as a secondary alarm.
Dan looked at the two sinks full of dishes in despair. It seemed like a mess he couldn't conquer. Dan sighed and resigned himself to trying. He started by washing the first dish. After that it was easy and he cleared both sinks in short order.
James was playing video names when he got a bloody nose. The blood came out quickly, staining his jeans. When the bleeding stopped he was left to deal with the mess. Nothing seemed to get the blood out of his pants. Luckily, his mom took the pants and somehow fixed them.
Tom was discussing music with his friends. His friends asked Tom who his favorite musician was. Tom said Jimi Hendrix was the best guitar player in history. His friends listened to Jimi Hendrix. His friends agreed.
Eric had a new sled that he couldn't wait to try out. Only there wasn't any snow yet. Finally on Saturday morning he woke up and it had snowed. He called his friend John to meet him on the hill by the school. They took turns riding down the hill on Eric's new sled.
Craig was doing laundry. He noticed someone else's clothes were left in the dryer. He waited to see if they would be taken out. They never were. Craig took them out and set them aside.
Jerry was the choir teacher at Baldwin High. His show choir always did well at competition. The students really loved learning about music from Jerry. He made class fun and relaxing. High school is a place where fun is usually associated with class.
bay wanted to be able to write in cursive. She watched her friends do it. Then she practiced on her own. At first she was terribly untidy. But soon her cursive looked fancy and professional!
My brother in law drinks too much and drives a block to get beer. I went to the store yesterday and the girl pulled me aside. She let me know he is driving to get beer while drunk. She said the police are watching for him. I told my brother in law to quit driving drunk, even just a block.
My trumpet teacher was amazing. He could play any rhythm you put in front of him. I asked him to teach me his secret. He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms. All of his examples were really funny!
Kelly had a bad day. Her parents then decided to take her for some ice cream. Kelly really wanted to go for a long time. She ordered chocolate. She loved it.
Tom had an idea for a new item. Most people thought there wasn't an audience for it. Tom realized he could find niche markets online. He went ahead and created and marketed his item. Tom made a good amount of money on it.
I downloaded some software onto my computer. Suddenly, the color on my computer screen changed. I moved my mouse but the cursor did not move. A picture of a clown then appeared on my screen. My friend took a look at it and told me I had a virus.
Jane decided to do a cleanse. She visited Whole Foods and bought a cleanse in a box. The first 2 days Jane felt better than she had in years. By day 4 she felt like she had the worst flu ever. On day 4 she quit her cleanse 3 days early.
Sid called his friends and organized a paint party. He set up many a canvas and bought all sorts of paint. During the party they tried to paint a landscape. Everyone did quite poorly. Sid told them that it was good that they at least tried.
There was a boy who had glasses. He saw very good with glasses on, but without them, it was bad. One day he took off his glasses. He wouldn't see anything. He ended up running into a wall because of it.
Kathy was an artist. Her parents told her it would never pay. Katherine persevered. She was discovered by many people. And now they pay her for her art.
I purchased a high-end mechanical keyboard. I thought it would be good for writing and for gaming. I also ordered a nice set of blank keycaps for the board. The caps made it difficult for me to type on the board. I ended up putting back on the stock caps, and loving the board.
Cindy was mad at her family because they had to move away. She loved the house she grew up and lived in. Cindy was upset the whole way to the new house. They pulled up to the new house and showed her the swing set. The swing set made Cindy happy and she loved her new house.
Kelly was a model student in high school. She got A grades in all her classes. Kelly didn't do very well in PE though. Her grade point average was going to drop if she got a bad grade. Kelly joined the track team to make up for a C in PE.
Tim smoked his entire life. He decided to quite for his health. It was really hard at first. Tim often caved and smoked. After a while it became easier to stop.
My son, Robert loves little league baseball. He has played on a team for more than 3 years now, and is 8 years old. Robert's team had his first game last night and he was so excited. Unfortunately he struck out at bat each time it was his turn. He was so upset that he began practicing as soon as we got home.
Mark volunteered to help with his daughter's team. He was named head coach! He didn't know much about soccer, but he promised he would learn. The team did well that year. They won all of their games!
Karl was late for an appointment. He decided to cut through an alley to save time. Two thieves in the alley accosted him and demanded his wallet. Karl complied and handed over his wallet. They took his cash, threw the wallet to the ground, and ran away.
Matt went to the beach with his friends. He changed into his swim suit so he could go into the water. He went into the ocean with his friends. A huge wave came and crashed down on Matt. He didn't enjoy the experience and decided to never try it again.
Anna decided to bake her own bread. She mixed her ingredients and put it in the oven. She couldn't wait to sample her delicious creation. But when she took it out, her face fell - it was flat! Anna, chastened, saw that she'd forgotten the yeast!
Andrew and Tom were best friends. Tom was going to move across the country in a few days. The last time they hung out, they were both very sad. They cried when they said goodbye. Tom moved away and they never spoke again.
I was in a rehab center in West Roxbury in 2011. It was an old building. One day while I was in the gym the ceiling fell in. A water pipe had burst on the floor above. We could not use the corner of the gym for a few days.
Pam was on a vacation. She needed to call her son back home. She checked her phone but it had no reception. Instead, she had to use a phone booth. With the pay phone, she was able to call her son.
Dana turned six years old today. After school, he was eager to see what his parents bought him. His parents gave him a gift in the car. Dana opened up a small box that had a wood soldier. Dana was sad but his new Play Station was waiting for him at home.
Sam heard that the school bully was after him. He took a different route home that day. Just before he got to his house, the bully came out of an alley. He began pushing Sam, calling him names. Sam's older brother came by and chased the bully off.
It was Allen's birthday. Lulu wanted to make him a custom gift. She decided to draw a design. Then, she had a tee-shirt made with the design on it. She gave it to Allen and he loved it.
Derek stopped at a four way intersection. As soon as he continued driving, another car accelerated. It collided with Derek's car. Although he was dizzy, he tried to get out of the car. He managed to escape and called the cops for support.
Gwen's toddler son wasn't a fan of cow's milk. He always turned his nose up at it. Their pediatrician suggest putting a little chocolate in it. They were then told to slowly use less of the chocolate each day. The idea worked, as the child loves cow's milk now.
Michael had tourettes. Not the yell curse words tourrettes, just the twitchy type. The biggest problem besides all his cup needing lids, was tying shoes. He was 24 and still couldn't tie his shoe due to his hands twitching. He finally decided to just use velcro and that made his life so great.
Tom was not a morning person. He always needed coffee. One day he had run out. Tom felt sluggish and out of it all morning. He realized he was addicted to caffeine.
My bank is transitioning to being online-only. They'll be closing down their last brick-and-mortar locations soon. I am worried by this development. I don't remember any of my account passwords. I will have to hastily get to a store and figure this out.
I drove home from work last night while sipping coffee. There was a bump in the road and coffee went flying. Some of the splashed around the cup holder. I was annoyed so I let it sit there. The next morning the cup was frozen to the cup holder.
There was a shootout a few minutes ago. The person who murdered his friend decided to run away. He tried to hide in an abandoned neighbor until an hour later. When he got out, a huge light was aimed towards him. A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run.
It was a very windy night. The winds raged loudly outside Sara's window. At first they kept her awake. Then she drifted into uneasy sleep. She heard howling in her dreams.
The couple had been fighting a lot. They went to a therapist to talk through their issues. The therapist helped them talk about things more calmly. They were feeling more optimistic about their relationship. They had the tools to work through their troubles.
Nessa had failed math class. She hoped her parents did not know. But when she got home, they were waiting for her. They said they had already seen her report card. They grounded Nessa until her grades improved.
Sal works in a pizzeria. The pay is somewhat low, but he loves what he does. Yesterday, he worked all day. We did not see him at all. When he came home, he seemed happy to have spent the day there.
Andre lived in a hot, dry part of the country. Every year his water bill got higher. He knew he wasted a lot of water keeping his lawn green. Andre decided to xeriscape to cut down his water use. Now Andre's water bill is actually going down.
Suzy had a laptop for a few years. She really loved it. But unfortunately the laptop broke. Suzy had to get another one. When she got it it was great.
She was sitting down when he came home from work. Everybody thought he smelled bad since he had a smelly job. She smiled at him and he smiled back. His smell only proved to her how hard he worked for her. She got up, walked up to him and gave him a huge hug.
Darcy was visiting a diner during a vacation. They boasted the world's hottest sauce and dared patrons to try. Darcy decided to try the sauce, preparing herself mentally. When she ate it it didn't seem so bad, until it began to burn. The burn lasted so long that she cried but she did win her challenge.
On Monday I went to lunch with my friend. We went to a small Italian restaurant. I ordered pizza. At first I thought it tasted okay. Yet to my shock I got sick when I got home.
My husband and I decided to go to a pumpkin patch this fall. We decided to go because I had never been to one before. They take you on a hayride to let you go pick out your pumpkin. After that, you choose your favorite pumpkin from the patch. Then, they let you sit around a campfire and roast marshmallows.
Sandy has a crush on her boss at work. Sandy purchased a Valentine's Day card for him. She wrote a small poem about her feelings for him. Sandy secretly placed the card in his mail box at work. Sandy was delighted to see the smile on his face when he got the card.
On July 10th, we went to Joe C's birthday party. He was turning 99 on July 13th. His daughter, a musician, had several friends sing and play music. Other guests recited poetry to Joe, an amateur poet. Despite his age, Joe stayed at the party well past midnight.
A man came to the hospital for open heart surgery. The surgeon performed surgery on the man. Afterwards the surgeon gave unusual instructions to his staff. He ask them to call him if the man had even the slightest trouble. Then they found out the patient was a famous malpractice attorney.
Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy. He was very serious and always told the truth. One day he was playing with another boy when he wasn't supposed to. His teacher got on to him for not doing the right thing. That was the first and last time Abel ever got in trouble.
Steven always drank from water bottles at work. One day a coworker calculated how many bottles Steven was using. The number for each year was staggeringly huge---nearly a thousand. The co worker gave Steven a reusable water bottle for his birthday. Steven obligingly began using the reusable bottle.
The friends were ready to have a fun weekend. They went to a casino near their homes. They had never gambled before. They lost hundreds of dollars. They decided they didn't like gambling after all.
I sat to eat an egg salad sandwich when I got a text. MY girlfriend told me she was coming over. So I scarf down my sandwich and just in the shower. I get out and notice a foul smell, egg salad. Right as I'm going for a spray she walks in, she thought it was me.
Diana got pregnant. She gave birth to a very cute child. The pregnancy however, messed up her hormones. It took a while for the hormones to go to normal. So in the meantime she gained a lot of weight.
My friend and I walked into the pizza store. The server greeted us and offered specials to choose from. We decided to order a large pizza with coke. After a few minutes, the server placed the food on the table. We slowly ate it.
Rob was eating dinner with his friend and his family. But he noticed a piece of his chicken was uncooked. He didn't want to embarrass himself. So he decided to eat all of his food. But he ended up being sick for a week.
Aaron had never traveled by plane. He had to travel for a business launch 6 hours away. His boss insisted he fly by plane to arrive on time. Aaron felt lightheaded and afraid the entire flight. When the plane landed, Aaron sighed with relief.
Sam was hungry. He decided to order food from a local restaurant. He was excited to eat. But when he opened his food container, something smelled wrong. Sam called the restaurant and asked for a refund.
John danced samba with his partner. He wasn't a very good dancer. He stepped on her toe. He apologized, but she wasn't happy. She asked if she could dance with someone else.
My boyfriend in high school was very romantic. One summer I was away at camp. He sent me a package of fortune cookies. He took out the fortunes and replaced them with reasons he loved me. I really liked the package and the cookies.
In China there used to be very strict laws. One girl thought this was unfair, and she organized a protest. She gathered all of her friends, who gathered their friends. They all went to a government building to complain. They ended up being shot, and no one ever protested again.
A flash of lightning illuminated the decaying house. Qora jumped into the air, but kept moving up the stairs. She looked back over her shoulder at her friends, encouraging her. Qora got to the front door and kicked it as hard as she could. She then ran quickly from the house, certain ghosts were on her heels.
Last week, Rick's team played in the championship game. At the start of the third period, the game was tied. The clock was ticking down and the crowd grew restless. With 10 seconds left in the game, Rick scored a goal on a breakaway! The fans and team celebrated with Rick.
Steve fell in love with a woman who lived very far. He wrote her emails every day for years. One day, he declared himself and the woman was delighted. She felt the same and wanted him to be with her. So Steve left everything behind for love and moved to be with her.
Jade's friends didn't invite her to go to the movies. She decided to stay at home. She made herself a nice dinner. She snuggled up in her bed and ate. Afterwards she watched Netflix until she fell asleep.
Amber bought her family a dog. She found the dog at a shelter. The dog was nice at first. The dog bit one of her children. She returned the dog to the shelter.
Bernie was writing a new fantasy novel. He fell asleep in the middle of typing a chapter. He dreamt aliens had given him godlike powers. Bernie did all sorts of fun and interesting things with them. When he woke up he finished the chapter with what he'd dreamt.
I was playing my video game. I played it for several hours. My hands got very sweaty. My controller got very slick. I wiped my hands with a towel.
George signed up for an online course. A lifelong learner, he was very excited to join in. He listened to the introduction video, and felt his heart sink. The teacher wanted everyone to film themselves as part of the class. George, unable to overcome his social aversion, sadly withdrew.
Steve couldn't wait to get a vacation from work. He had been saving his vacation days for a big trip. Steve booked airline tickets to Hawaii. He went on his trip. Steve had the time of his life.
Paul was inspecting an old house. He was walking on the front porch. His foot sank through the planks on the porch. Paul scraped up his leg. He wrote up several infractions before he even entered the house.
When I was ten I was a wrestling fanatic. It was also when I found out wrestling wasn't real. I was watching the Rock fight and my brother told me it was fake. He played the fight in slow motion so I could see all the fake stuff. I was so disappointed I never watched wrestling again.
Carl was carrying paperwork to his car. A gust of wind came and blew one of the papers out of his hands. He ran after the paper, not paying attention to where he was going. Suddenly, he ran into a woman, both of them falling to the ground. That's how Carl met Melanie.
Cindy always made the best macaroni and cheese. As she was mixing her ingredients, she added too much milk. She was able to heat the mixture to remove some. Luckily no one noticed. It still tasted great.
I was giving some juice to my child. He held the cup with both of his hands. However, she ended up spilling it on my shirt. Some of the juice also ended up on the floor. I ran to the bathroom to grab a paper towel.
I wanted something to drink. I couldn't find any ice. I didn't want to drink a room temperature soda. I ended up getting a glass of water. I sipped the water all day because I didn't like the taste.
Alice decided to clean her whole kitchen. She got to work cleaning her oven first. Unfortunately, the fumes made her cough a lot. She was lightheaded, so she had to put the cleaning off for the day. Now she only cleans her oven with the ventilation hood on.
The Schmade family decided to play Wii Fit one day. Mr Schmade fell during yoga. Everyone laughed. He actually ended up winning some of the games. He was very proud of himself.
Kayla was trying to lose weight. She hadn't been eating. Kayla was starting to feel weak. She finally passed out. Kayla realized the importance of eating healthy.
Leenard slept late at night. He had to finish the documentation of their project. He woke up around seven o'clock in the morning. He took a bath and did not ate his breakfast. He was left by the school bus and he was late.
Lindsey was extremely nervous. She learned she had to get gum reconstructive surgery on her mouth. Ever since she was a child, she had been terrified of surgeries. She brainstormed and tried to find a way to avoid the operation. Eventually, Lindsey realize she needed to face her fears and go for it
Bob was playing outside. All of the sudden, a bird decided to perch on his shoulder. Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird. The bird suddenly flew away. Bob realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder.
Stacy moved to a new neighborhood. She had to go to a new school. She was afraid she wouldn't make friends. Luckily she did. She kept them for a long time.
Ophelia notices that her kitchen knife has gotten dull. She decides she needs to sharpen it. Ophelia buys a knife sharpener to sharpen her knife. Finally it is sharp. Ophelia is glad that her knife is no longer dull.
The cactus had 3 main branches. It was also quite prickly, as Jane already knew. Jane's friend Tess was over and just had to touch the cactus. The cactus was of course very sharp and cut Tess. Jane looked over at her friend with a strange look of approval.
My friend was stationed in Norway. He was in the air force. He hated the cold and always stayed indoors. Luckily he wasn't stationed there for long. He celebrated heavily on his last night.
Lynda noticed she was having trouble reading the board in school. She told her mother about her difficulty seeing. Lynda's mother made an appointment with an eye doctor. The eye doctor confirmed that Lynda was nearsighted. The doctor gave Lynda's mother a prescription for glasses to help.
Lewy was excited about his birthday. He knew there would be a party. His mom said he could have a sleep over. Lewy invited all of his friends. They had a blast.
A lonely boy sat in Korea. He had no family. He lived in an orphanage. A family from America came to visit. They gave the boy from Korea a new home.
I bought some chicken at the store. Steven stole the chicken from me and ate it. He told me it was very delicious. He became sick afterwards. I felt vindicated.
I woke up early on my mother's birthday. I had previously decided to make her a cake. I walked into the kitchen to prepare the cake. After it was cooked, I quickly drove it over to her house. She had a slice and said that it was delicious.
Kate was forcing her friends to eat at the taco place. It was the only was she could see her crush. One day her friends refused to go with her. But after 2 weeks she was also tired of eating tacos. She decided she would wait a few weeks before returning.
After I finished dinner, I tried to do some online research. However, I ended up falling asleep on the couch. My mom came home from work late. When she saw me on the couch, she got mad. We ended up fighting with each other.
Bob was a solider during the Iraq war. He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound. The doctors said he would never walk again. But, Bob was adamant in learning to walk and he practiced hard. Eventually, Bob was able to walk again!
Milania was born in Slovakia, Russia. She moved to the states for a better life. She met a very rich man immediately whom she felt was ugly. But she decided to marry him for money. She had a very unhappy marriage, but had the money she wanted.
Janet was on an early morning walk. She noticed a beautiful sunrise over a river and decided to watch. It was so beautiful and colorful. The view was inspiring. Janet went out and had a great day.
Jasper is very proud to have a newborn grandson. However, he knows that his daughter might need some extra money. He decides to buy a stroller as a gift to his daughter. She is very thankful for the stroller. Jasper tells her that he is happy to help out.
Today was John's first day of school. John was new to this school, and had no friends. John's teacher introduced him to the class. John was from Japan, and he met Tim who also was from Japan. John and Tim became good friends.
One day John was going home from work. He saw a chicken crossing the road. John took a picture of the chicken crossing the road. John laughed to himself and though he would share it on facebook. Later John shared it and got over 100 likes on his picture.
Gabe and Reese had to share an Xbox. They always fought over the system. Gabe had an idea. They would take turns. Both of the boys were happy.
Tim had asparagus on his plate. He hated the taste. He couldn't leave the table until he was done. He had a plan. He fed it to his dog so it looked like he ate it.
Wally was sick. He was coughing a lot. He went to the doctor. The doctor gave him medicine. He stopped coughing and was fine!
Bryant went skiing for the first time ever. His wife tried to make him go down the intermediate slope. Bryant got to the top of the hill and decided to walk back down. He got to the bottom and swore he'd never go up there again. He spent the rest of the day on the bunny slopes.
Gina hadn't seen her crush Jamie in a week. They rode the same bus to school. At his stop the bus was waiting a long time. Out of the window she saw Jamie getting on the bus with crutches. She finally understood why he hadn't been at school.
Ava saw a large bee in her apartment. She swatted at it, but that only angered it. Finally the bee stung her! Ava's arm swelled up terribly. She realized that she was allergic to bees!
Kate spent a whole day cleaning viruses off her mother's computer. Kate's mom had been opening strange emails. Kate gave her a crash course on email safety. It was important she understood you can't open all emails. Of course her mom didn't take her advice.
Alex had a young son. The boy was three years old. He still wasn't speaking. Alex told the doctor about his speech issue. Alex's son started to see a speech therapist.
The Anderson family fireplace got out of control one day. Everyone evacuated. The fire truck came and sprayed water onto the house. Most of their things could be salvaged. They were able to move back in again.
I wanted to create a robot that could write poetry. First, I tried to use markov chains but the poetry didn't sound human. Then, my friend told me about machine learning algorithms. I used a machine learning algorithm in conjunction with markov chains. Now, the robot could create very excellent poetry!
Tom was on a train trip. All of a sudden there was a wreck. The train derailed and several people were injured. Tom wasn't hurt luckily. He tried to help others who were worse off than him.
Hope's mother had died when she was a baby. She didn't get to know her at all and it upset her a great deal. She asked her father what her mother was like one day. He told her many different stories and painted a vivid picture. Hope didn't feel so far away from her mother after that.
Tom was walking around at night. Out of nowhere someone jumped on him! Tom tried to defend himself! Tom knocked the assailant out. He called the police and arrested the man.
Ben woke on Tuesday morning to a terrible ice storm. He noticed it was a bit cold in the house. He realized the power was out. Fortunately they had power on the other side of the street. He and his dog went over to the neighbors until the power was back on.
Jon was on vacation on a cruise ship. Three days in, he realized boats made him sick. He had no way of getting off the boat. He decided to go to the ship doctor. The doctor gave Jon pills to make his sickness better.
My son was a little overweight. One day he said he wanted to play Basketball. He fell in love with the game. He kept playing on a daily basis. He has lost over twenty pounds now.
Tracy and Macy used to be best friends. But one day they had a huge fight. They stopped talking for one year. They ran into each other at a Christmas party and started talking. Both Tracy and Macy now want to work on being friends again.
Rebecca is playing in a soccer game. She is playing very hard trying to win the game. She is about to make a goal for her team. When she gets pushed down hard by another player. Rebecca falls to the ground so hard it breaks her tooth.
Martin was walking home from school. He saw a kid riding his bike. Martin yelled at the kid. The kid took off on his bike. Martin chased him down and beat him up.
Billy decided to bring a water gun in our class. He pointed it towards my teacher. My teacher took it away and called the principal. The principal walked into class and took Billy out. He ended up getting suspended for a week.
Lizzie loved playing golf. She went to a new golf course to play. It was a beautiful course with lots of landscaping. Lizzie played a great round! This would be her new favorite course.
Nic stole cars and sold stereos illegally. He spent his twenties engaged in illegal things like that. Then he was caught and jailed at age 29. In prison, he had 5 years to realize the futility of his life. He emerged a changed man determined to get a real job.
The olympics were happening in rio. They were exciting. So Susie went down to see them. Unfortunately she got sick though. So she had to go home.
The florist was hard at work. She was making a beautiful arrangement. The flowers were all fresh and beautiful. The arrangement was placed in a gorgeous vase. The bride cried when she saw the amazing work.
Mick was a new intern, but was ready to work. He was very bright and was able to get the job quite young. After a lot of research he presented a presentation about a stock. The company loved it and invested. They made millions all thanks to Mick.
Madison had been begging her mom for a hoverboard for her birthday. Her mom looked around, saved and finally purchased one for her. Madison tried it out the first day and had more fun than she imagined. On the second day the hoverboard broke. Madison was very sad, but patient, as her mom tried to get it fixed.
Nick robbed a bank. He thought he did a good job of it. But his face was caught on camera. The cops played the tape on the news. Soon Nick was caught!
Derek took his son to the wedding. They were dancing after the wedding ceremony took place. Someone spilled some wine on the floor. When Derek stepped on it, he slipped. Although he landed on his head, he protected his child.
One day, Lily realized she hadn't seen her dog, Nemo, all afternoon. She called for Nemo and walked around the house, searching for him. Just as Lily began to worry, the doorbell rang several times in a row. She opened the door to find her neighbor, Mr Poe, holding Nemo. She thanked Mr Poe, took Nemo and promised to keep a closer eye on him.
Julian was making some coffee. He tried to take the mug out of the microwave. Unfortunately, the mug was too hot. Instead he grabbed an oven mitt. He used that to retrieve his mug.
Tim wanted to go fishing with his Dad. Tim asked his Dad if they could fish Saturday. His Dad got all the fishing poles ready. Tim dug in his yard for worms. Time and his Dad caught three fish that day.
Jane was always late. Things came to a head on her wedding day. They had to push off the time twice. By the third time her fiance had enough. He called the wedding off.
Jeff had a flight scheduled. He got stuck in traffic. Jeff got to the airport late. He wasn't able to make his flight. Jeff had to book a later flight.
Christian's dad made him go to bed early. He went to his room and lied his bed. He was not tired. He tossed and turned for over an hour trying to go to sleep. His dad brought him a glass of warm milk and he fell fast asleep.
Jordan decides he must find something to occupy his time. He decides to try playing a game of solitaire. He draws good cards initially, but quits the game before it is over. Jordan shuffles the cards and returns them to a drawer. He is happy that he found something to take up a little time.
Janet bought a new jacket. It fit her a bit loose. Luckily it was washable. She decided to shrink it that way. It worked and fit better.
Pete was hungry. He looked in the kitchen for something to eat. All he could find were crackers. After a while, he found a jar of peanut butter. He enjoyed his small, tasty snack.
Rita wanted to go to the mall to buy her friend a birthday present. Rita thought of several gifts for her friend. She thought of a dress but she realized her friend was not stylish. Instead she bought a video game for her friend. Rita gave her friend he video game and she was ecstatic.
On Saturday afternoon the Smith family drove downtown. They wanted to see the annual christmas parade. Highlight of the parade was Santa Claus at the end of the parade. Everybody enjoyed watching the parade that afternoon. After the parade the Smith family went to have dinner together.
Tom would regularly spend 100% of his paychecks. Tom wanted to save money. Tom opened a savings account that auto-withdrawn into his savings. It was the best decision Tom ever made. Tom was able to consistently save money from then on.
Chris and Kim went shopping at the mall. Kim has been wanting a new wardrobe. Chris was trying to find higher end boots. After hours, they couldn't find a thing they wanted. They decided to go home to shop online.
Amanda was on her way to work one day when her heel broke. A young man say what happened and offered to carry her to a store. He dropped Amanda at the entrance of a shoe store. Amanda went inside and picked a pair of cute flats. Amanda was then able to continue her walk to work.
Jacob is in a talent contest. Jacob sings for the crowd. The crowd loves his singing. The judges all vote. Jacob wins the talent show.
Zaddy Racks owner started leaving the door open to cool the house. Zaddy Cracks started going outside by himself. One day Zaddy Tracks couldn't be found. His owner though he had gotten lost outside. When she opened the kitchen cabinet there was Zaddy Tracks sleeping.
One day the Jackson family went to the local waterfall. They had to walk a long path to reach it. They had a beautiful view once they got there. Then they got lunch at a Chinese restaurant. They had a fun day.
Miles was swimming in the lake. He felt something brush by his leg. Miles was scared it was a snake. Miles swam back to the shore. He jumped out of the lake and stayed out.
Cathy always wanted to ride in a helicopter. Cathy researched and found a local company that offers rides. After calling the company, Cathy scheduled an appointment. Cathy decided to go for her ride on Sunday. Cathy was so anxious, yet happy to be riding a helicopter.
He saw the sign and knew that it would be a good opportunity. He had been practicing his guitar for so long he knew he was ready. At the audition the other members of the band were blown away. He knew he had made the band. They sounded great together and got a recording contract.
There was a huge exam for the semester finals. I was nervous and could hardly breathe. The professor told us this exam is worth 90 percent of our grade. When the test began I was actually the first person to complete it. When I got my exam back, I scored very well and I was relieved.
John and Lacey were long distance friends. Even though they lived far away from each other, they always talked. One day, John decided to visit Lacey and bought a plane ticket. When he saw Lacey she was uneasy about his visit. They went out for tea and started to build a friendship in real life.
Jamie never liked finger sandwiches. So when she was picked to bring some for her club party, she balked. She didn't understand why she couldn't just bring normal sandwiches. But every one of her club members wanted finger sandwiches. Jamie stayed up all night researching how to make finger sandwiches.
Melanie was a sad girl. She was lonely and wanted a best friend. One day Melanie met a boy named Joshua. He asked her to be his friend. The girl smiled happily because she was no longer alone.
Bill wanted a new computer. Bill spent hours working for money for the project. Bill finally bought the parts. Bill accidentally broke an expensive part! Bill had to work many more hours to buy it again.
Aurelia had always dreamed of learning to Tango. One day her friend mentions that a Tango school has opened in town. Aurelia signs up for Tango classes. She practices diligently until she is an expert Tango dancer. Aurelia feels very satisfied that her dream has come true.
I got really drunk at the hotel bar. About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom. I began to head back to my room for privacy. On the way I realized I wasn't going to get there fast enough. As I ran to my hotel I ended up spraying feces down the hall.
John was browsing random youtube videos. He saw a Korean woman eat a live Octopus. He drove to the Korean grocery store. He found a live Octopus and bought it. He went home and ate the Octopus.
Joyce wanted to get a dog. After researching she decided that she would adopt a rescue. She scouted several adoption agencies. When she went to the agency she bonded with a white puppy. She took the puppy home that day.
Tim got a bat for his birthday. It was very heavy. He was mad that he couldn't lift it. He worked out everyday for a month. After that he could lift it easily.
Karen was cooking a pizza. She bought everything to make the dough. As she was cooking, she dropped the can of spices. She tried scooping them up but it didn't help. The pizza was ruined.
Lisa had never ridden a horse. She wanted to try horseback riding this summer. Her friend invited her to visit her farm. Lisa went and rode the three horses they kept there. She was proud of herself for trying something new.
Ian was exhausted after soccer practice. But he needed to finish his homework. It estimated that it would take him 3 hours. And he began to work. But he found himself with his nose against his desk at 3 AM.
Amy was eating lunch with a new friend Judy. She watched as her old friends Erin and Sarah watched her. Erin came over and sat down. Erin told Amy she was sorry for talking about her behind her back. Amy pretended to believe her to keep the peace.
I spotted a very pretty girl in my anatomy class. During that two hour lecture, I sketched a drawing of her profile. When class ended, I stood tall, searching the room for her. I approached her, handing her the sketch with a sheepish smile. After seeing it, she hugged me sweetly, leaving her phone number!Prize
Quentin wants to find a high paying job that he will exceed at. He has always loved making things and working with his hands. A friend recommends that he try welding. Quentin works very hard to learn how to weld. He feels satisfied when he finally becomes a professional welder.
Amy hated having a dirty car. She would often get it washed. Last friday she went to the car wash and paid for the best package. Right as she drove off it started to rainy. She was upset but figured the inside was detailed at least.
Julie cared about the Earth and environment. She recycled every chance she got and helped others do the same. Julie was an active voice in her community about her concerns. She would even plant new trees by the roads and highways. Her community truly appreciated all of her efforts.
Carl Loves to eat cheeseburgers. He eats a cheeseburger for lunch everyday. Carl ate his daily cheeseburger for lunch today. His cheeseburger gave him food poisoning. Carl no longer eats cheeseburgers.
Allie loved the store Delias. She shopped there everyday. To her dismay she found out the store was closing. She was devastated. She had to find a new store.
Diana order a set of pregnancy tests. Since she was impatient, she immediately performed one test. After several hours, her boyfriend got together with her. They read the results. She was in tears since the results were positive.
Carson was cleaning the windows of his house. He pushed too hard on one of the windows. The window broke outward. Carson had to call a repairman to fix his window. He was more careful the next time he cleaned his windows.
My niece just got her first car. It is a used car with standard transmission. She did not learn how to drive a standard. Her father gave her a few lessons. Yesterday she stalled her car out five times.
Leslie and her mom were going shopping. They both really loved to shop. They arrived at the mall. They went into at least 20 different stores that day. They had a wonderful time shopping.
Joanna's parents were out of town. She decided to throw a party. Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table. The table got broken. Joanna was grounded for 6 months.
Angela was starving. She was going to go to lunch with her friend. They went to a new place. It had great food but terrible service. Angela was regretting going out to lunch at all.
Brian has won every one of his hockey games this season. He was really excited for his team to become undefeated this year. When Brian searched for his lucky jersey, he couldn't find it. Brian was really upset because he felt he needed it to win. Brian played the game and won without his lucky jersey!
Today was the first day of Teddy's new job. He was riding a subway for the first time as well. He had just recently moved to New York. He was on his way to his big new job. He thought a lot while traveling on the subway, getting ready.
Charlie and Jen went to the carnival on a date. When arriving, Jen forgot her purse and asked if Charlie could pay. Reaching into his back pocket, Charlie found he forgot his wallet. Explaining this to her, they both went back to get their items. Upon returning to the carnival it was too late to get in.
Luke was swimming one evening in the lake He was with his buddy Tim They decided to have a swim race They started swimming and Luke got a cramp and couldn't swim Tim stops racing and helps him out of the water and saves him.
Tory purchased the most perfect pearl earrings. She adored the way they set off the blush in her cheeks. But shiny things fade quickly. She decided she needed crystal earrings instead. She was sure she wouldn't be disappointed again.
James lived in a remote area of northern Minnesota. It was deer season soon and he was hoping to stock his freezer. He grabbed his gear and went out onto his land. For three days and nights he hunted them. Early in the morning he finally killed one.
Hanna's crystal clear voice pierced the stillness of the church. The congregation sat in stunned awe at the sheer beauty of it. Hanna was so pleased all her hard work and practice had paid off. Her joy was unfortunately very short lived. The resonance caused the foundation to crumble, killing everyone.
Abe feared rejection so much it was affecting his love life. Every relationship he'd ever tried was doomed. Then Abe paid a therapist to help him with his problem. He met a lovely woman and got married. Abe thought getting over the fear of rejection was great.
Alex was walking home from work. He stopped at a gas station and bought a chocolate bar. Then, he stuck it in his pocket and walked home. He got distracted for a few hours. When he remembered the candy bar, he found it melted in his pocket.
Bill had a pesky younger brother, Josh. Bill decided he was going to play a prank on Josh. Bill hid under Josh's bed one night. Just as Josh began falling asleep, Bill began screaming loudly. Josh jumped up so terrified that Bill shed a tear by laughing so hard.
Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels. She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf. Kim reached but was not able to grab it. She began to climb the shelves to grab it. A store clerk noticed this and told her to get down.
Ava was six years old. She wanted to learn to swim. Her mom took her to the pool. There, she patiently taught Ava the basics. Soon Ava was paddling all by herself!
Alyssa always loved to play in sun. However, it has rained every day for the past week. Frustrated, Alyssa jumped in a puddle on her walk to school. She found this unexpectedly fun! Alyssa had fun jumping her way to school until the sun came out.
The man threw the dice. The number came up seven. The people watching cheered. The man had won seven hundred dollars. It took the casino a while to calculate the winnings.
Nancy is a mean old woman. She volunteers at the humane society. Nancy repeatedly steals money and neglects her duties. Bob catches her in the act. Nancy is now being prosecuted by the humane society.
Ted wanted pop tarts for dinner. His mom told him no. He was angry that he couldn't eat what he wanted. He snuck into the kitchen while his mom was out and ate the whole box. He began to feel sick and wished he had listened.
Tyler and Jeff went to ride their bikes in the park. When they got there, they saw some friends with trash bags. They were cleaning up the park. Tyler and Jeff joined them. The each filled two big bags with trash.
Freddie was about to have his 80th birthday. Freddie wanted to do something that would make him feel young. Freddie decided that he would go sky diving. After passing all the tests, Freddie was cleared to go skydiving. Freddie was excited to go sky diving, as it made him feel young.
My grand niece K went to her junior prom this spring. Her friend D wanted to go. D did not have the money for the ticket and a dress. K's mom gave D money for the prom. D and K had a great time at this prom.
Allie wanted to go to the beach. It was very hot out. So off she went. She was quite excited. Yet then she found out the beach was closed.
Jordan and Sara were six years old. They were playing in the kitchen one day. They decided to pour bubble soap on the floor and play with it. They were having a lot of fun until Sara's mom appeared. She was so angry with them, and made them clean it up.
Jon was a gymnast. He was only good at the pommel horse. He decided to focus all of his efforts on the pommel horse. Eventually, he became so good he was offered a spot in the Olympics. Jon won a gold medal at the Olympics for his pommel horse skills.
Around Halloween, little Anya gets anxious. Anya is afraid of ghosts. So this Halloween, Anya's mom dressed both of them as ghosts. Anya and her mom stood in the mirror together. Anya saw that they were not that scary.
We visited our daughter in New York last year. We ordered hamburgers from a local restaurant. My daughter's burger was rare, not well done as ordered. She called and asked for another burger, well done. They reluctantly delivered a well done burger.
Sam came home with a lot of Math homework. He went home and sat at the table to begin. Sam wasn't sure how to do his Math homework. He asked his Mother to help him with the Math problems. Matt's Mother was able to help Sam finish his homework.
Jason has always wanted to learn calligraphy. He collects old letters written in this style and he loves them. He found online that you can take calligraphy lessons. Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year. Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters.
My wife's supervisor never mentioned her father. She talked a lot about her mother. We assumed her father was dead. Recently, she said her father had left her mom for a younger woman. We were shocked and saddened.
Billy's freezer was getting old. He went to get something out of it one day. All the food had defrosted. The freezer had stopped running. Billy started saving up for a new freezer.
Sheila was afraid of the dentist. Her parents brought her to her appointment regardless. The dentist was very kind and made her enjoy the appointment. Sheila's entire attitude toward dentistry changed. Sheila decided that she wanted to be a dentist when she grew up.
Sam had recently just purchased a new car. He had also recently lost his job. He could not afford to pay the payments on his car. Sam had to sell his car back to the dealership. Sam was able to buy a cheap used car off of Craigslist instead.
Hal received a new membership application for his organization. He carefully printed it out and set it aside to take to the meeting. When the meeting day came, though, he forgot to bring it. Hal was very flustered and ashamed to fail so in such an epic fashion. He made a point of remembering to bring the applications after that.
Emma was born with her umbilical cord around her neck. She wasn't breathing. The doctors had to resuscitate her. I watched helplessly from the bed. Her cry was the most wonderful sound that I would ever hear.
My parents found a stray dog last year. They tried to feed it and take care of it. It was always wild and kept trying to bite people. They tried keeping it chained. Unfortunately they had to take it to a shelter.
Tom wanted to learn to bowl. He bought a ball and practiced at home. He got better and better. Eventually he entered a bowling league contest. He did so well, he won second prize!
Jen's daughter was a toddler. Jen had left some expensive powder within reach in the bathroom. Jen walked into the bathroom and her daughter had made a mess with it. Jen cleaned up the powder in the bathroom. She put the powder where her daughter wouldn't reach it.
John saw a fight in the park. He wondered if he should call the cops or intervene. John realized it would be safer if the cops came so he called them. He saw a gun being pulled out and shot at the other person. John ran away from the park and had survived the incident.
Joy began untwisting the burned out bulb in her room. The bulb broke in half. Sharp jagged glass stuck out from the light fixture. Joy pushed a potato cut in half onto the broken bulb. Twisting the potato, she was able to get the bulb out of the fixture.
Bobby likes to mow grass. Everyone tells him he is very good at it. He mows for other people every weekend that he can. Bobby even mows his local high school football field for free. Many people appreciate the mowing that Bobby does.
Mitch was carrying a large box of books. He could not see where he was going. Accidentally, he stepped on a rock. Then he drop the box on his toe. Mitch could not believe he broke his toe.
My friends and I decided on a movie night for one night. We got popcorn, movies, and sodas. We all showed up at my friends house and unloaded all our stuff. Eventually we secured our spots on the couch and sat down. We started the movies and everyone had a great time.
The friends decided to go camping. The packed up the tent and their gear. They drove to the country and set up the tent. They roasted marshmallows and had a fun time. They decided to make it a monthly trip!
Alex wanted a thrill. He asked Jared what to do. Jared told him to climb the rock face. Alex got prepared to go. He climbed the rock.
My Daughter, Suzie, planned to attend her school dance. This was her first dance, as she was only in the fifth grade. She was nervous about dancing in front of her friends. I watched Suzie enter the gym and greet her classmates. After the dance she said she had a wonderful time.
I am on my way to my prom. I am going to pick up my date. When i get to my dates house all the lights are off. I look around the house and see no one. I showed up to prom with no date.
Mike was determined not to go heavily in debt while attending college. He delayed applying to colleges for three years. During those years, he lived with his parents and worked full time. He started his bachelor's degree at age 21 and never needed a loan. Mike was successful at staying out of debt during his college years.
Sarah's computer keyboard was old and dusty. But it still worked. So she didn't need to buy a new one. One day, she became sick. So she bought a new keyboard out of fear.
Chip loved dip. At one party, he put his chip into the dip and double dipped. Skip saw Chip double dip. Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip. Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip.
Anthony had been in trouble before, but nothing like this. The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised. Two officers said three boys beat up on one guy earlier today. The cops said Anthony and his two friends did the beating. It wasn't true, but Anthony still went to jail for an assault charge.
Sammy always like airplanes. He started pilot lessons a few months back. Sammy took his final test just yesterday. He aced the test with no problem. Sammy became the pilot he always wanted to be!
Tom was a nascar driver. It was his first race. He got into a bad accident. Tom was badly crippled. It ended his racing career.
Pauline often worked with chemicals. She used acid to clean the metal in her factory. Her gloves got a leak and the acid touched her skin. It burned so badly! Pauline screamed and cried.
The other night I was home alone. It was dark and I was watching scary movies. All of a sudden I heard a sudden bang in my bathroom. I ran in and saw a weird human like figure standing there alone. It said it was an inter-dimensional being but I know that ghosts lie.
Anne was the only girl on the wrestling team. She was also the youngest. All of the boys were seniors, when she was only a freshman. She did her best to keep up with them in practice. However, she ran so fast that she fell down and slid across the floor.
Tim had an important appointment. It was an interview for a new job. He was incredibly nervous about it. The day of the interview Tim missed it completely. He had marked down the wrong day.
Beth needed a new outfit. She had a special work event coming up. She saw a shirt online and went to the store to see it. It was even prettier in person! She wore it proudly to the event.
I needed to print out my resume when looking for a job. My paper supply was low so I went to the paper store. The pink colored paper was on a big sale. Since I was tight on money, I bought the pink paper. The employers I handed it too were quite impressed.
Katie was out shopping all day. It was very hot outside and Katie didn't take any breaks. Katie began to feel faint and nearly passed out. Katie's mom suggested they stop to drink some water and eat. Once probably fed and hydrated, Katie felt much better.
Jen woke up in the middle of the night sweating. She started to cry. She had a dream about her daughter's car accident. She was happy that it was only a dream. She tried to go back to sleep.
Nick wanted to build muscle. So he went to the store to buy some weights. He immediately began a daily workout regimen with the weights. Nick lifted weights every day for a year. A year later he is now very muscular.
Johnny and his friends were going to the football game. They had a tradition of tailgating before kick off. They loaded up the grill and coolers. After hours of partying in the parking lot they headed to the stadium. They watched their team win big.
Bob and Jill had just moved into their first home. Jill's parents got together with Bob's and all threw them a party. There were gifts, cake, wine, and sodas for everyone. Bob and Jill had a wonderful evening with friends. They finally felt at home.
I got a new phone yesterday. I was very excited and loved playing with it. However it fell out of my hands and shattered. I was bummed out. But thankfully it can be fixed.
John decides to cook dinner for himself. First he researches a good recipe. The recipe he chooses requires many onions. John chops onions diligently for almost an hour. John is very proud when he is finished chopping onions.
Jim was cleaning out his garage. And he found one of his old RC cars. It was slow and worn out. But he bought a new motor and new tires. Jim felt so happy driving his old rc car.
Pete liked to eat processed food. Mac and cheese was his favorite. He liked to add extra butter when he made it. He knew it wasn't healthy but he didn't care. He made two boxes and ate it all.
Jack wanted to throw a dinner party. He went shopping for the food he would cook. Jake told the butcher he wanted to purchase veal. The butcher stated the didn't sell veal anymore. Jake decided not to throw the party after all.
My best friend loved riding dirt bikes when I was a kid. I begged my parents for months to buy me a dirt bike. They finally relented and got me one for my birthday. I took one ride and broke my arm after crashing into a tree. I had my parents sell my dirt bike and never rode one again.
My parents took us to City Point in 1959. It was a section of South Boston by the ocean. Some people called it Castle Island. We played by the water and bought hot dogs from the concession stand. We took the bus home at night.
Lance always swore by his lucky coin. His friends would tell him it was just silly superstition. One day Lance cannot find his lucky coin. The rest of the day he has bad luck. Lance finds his coin under his bed and the next day is much better.
John was paying for snacks at a convenience store. And his total came out to 6 dollars and 66 cents. He became scared and asked to buy something else. And his total increased to a 7 dollars and 32 cents. John felt completely relieved.
Tim went to a restaurant with his friend Carl and his family. Carl's family said Tim could order anything he wanted. So Tim ordered tons of food in excitement. But he struggled to finish even half of it. And he felt very ashamed.
My retired coworker turned 69 in July. I went net surfing to get her a gift. She loves Diana Ross. I got two newly released cds and mailed them to her. She sent me an email thanking me.
Lauren packed her rod and reel, along with some bait. She got on her boat, and sailed through the lake. She found a spot, and cast her line into the water. She felt a tug and pulled her line in. She caught a smallmouth bass, and took it home for dinner.
Simon takes a prescription medication everyday. One Saturday he noticed he had taken his last pill. He called to pharmacy and asked for a refill. The pharmacist informed him there were no refills left. The pharmacist gave him enough pills to last through the weekend.
Gus considered himself a pro at video games. He was with his friends bragging at how he plays. His friend, Maryann, challenged him to an NFL video game. In the first quarter, Gus threw the controller. Maryann was much better than Gush.
The man was tackled in the open field. He fumbled the football. The other team picked up the ball. They ran it back for a touchdown. That touchdown made them win the game.
Rick was ranked the second best wrestler in Ohio. He wanted to be the best. He refined his technique. He also visualized being the champ, while resting his eyes. He is now first in state.
Charles intended to run for mayor in his city. His rival Ron was a bitter rival. Ron used dirty tactics to try to discredit Charles during the election. Charles was tempted to use similar strategies, but resisted. In the end, Charles won the election and became mayor.
Billy downloaded a new app. The app is a live journal. He began to work on it. He found good memories. He shares them with his kids.
A man was watching a soccer match on television. He was focused intently on the game. He didn't see the door behind him open because of it. Another man came through the door. This man was the goalie of his favorite team and they had a drink.
Lucy needed a new fence. But it was too expensive to hire someone. So she decided to build it herself. When she did it was great. It turned out better than she thought.
The man down the hall died. Eric didn't like him. He did not like Eric. Now that he was dead, Eric began thinking a lot about him. He was sure going to miss him.
Michelle was looking forward to going to prom with her boyfriend Mark. Mark cancelled two hours before prom, he was sick. Michelle did not know what to do. She went anyway. She ended up having a great time, dancing with her friends.
An internet troll always argued with everyone on the web. He was mean to everyone, and trolled constantly. One day, the people rebelled and put his phone number on the web. They also put his mom's number and address online. He was so bothered, that he retreated and never trolled again.
Jill was lost in the wilderness. She had been hiking by herself and got separated from the trail. Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her. A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone. A helicopter found and rescued Jill near a large tree.
When I was a child someone would knock on the door. They would do it all night long. My mom and sister laid there like they were frozen in fear. I wondered why they didn't get up to see who it was or call the cops. When I asked them why, they would tell me to be quiet.
Iris and Lisa were getting into a fight. They both were arguing over dinner. They proceeded to take it outside. Yet when they did, Lisa's pizza went on the ground. She then had to pick it up.
Anna was hiking in the woods one day. She was terribly thirsty. She knelt by a stream and drank from it greedily. But soon after, her stomach began to hurt badly! Anna realized she shouldn't have drunk the untreated water.
Jim heated his charcoal grill. He was too impatient to wait long enough for it to be very hot. He tossed on some steaks and cooked them. Soon after he served them to his friends. They cut into them and saw they were very rare.
The painter climbed the scaffolding. He started painting the side of the building. The scaffolding felt wobbly. The painter climbed down. He found that some of the joints were loose.
Koree did not like minty toothpaste. She searched every store for a toothpaste that wasn't minty. She finally found a cinnamon flavored toothpaste. She tried it, but she hated it even more than the mint. She decided that mint was not so bad after all.
I was looking for a new rug online. I came across one that was perfect and cheap. I waited over two months for my rug to arrive. Confused, I received a very small box. When I opened it, I learned that I had ordered a rug for a doll house.
There was an ninety percent chance of snow Tuesday night. Eric didn't bother to study for his history test. When he woke up the next morning he hoped the forecast had been right. He looked outside where everything was covered in snow. He decided to play for awhile but knew he had to study that night.
Thomas went out with his friends on Halloween. They decided to look for ghosts. It was dark and spooky, and Thomas wasn't sure he wanted to go. They did not find a single ghost! Still, he was glad to have spent time with his friends.
Gina's desk was old and scratched. But the new boy in her class had a brand new shiny desk. Gina decided she would ask for a new one as well. She began walking to her teachers desk. Another student beat her to the desk so she was forced to wait.
One of my favorite games as a kid was Animal Crossing. The day I got that game as a gift as a kid, I started playing it. It took me about a year to complete the game, but it was worth it. Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun. I will never forget that game.
May moved with her parents to a new city. May was nervous about making new friends in her neighborhood. One day a girl came over and asked May to play with her. May agreed and they spent the day together. Now May and the girl are best friends and May loves her new home.
Gina and her friend walked to the store during lunch break. They went most days instead of eating a school lunch. Gina only had $3 she had taken from he mom's coat. At the store when it was time to pay she only had $2 Somehow Gina had lost $1 from the money she stole.
I started a new job recently and almost burned the place down. I plugged the wrong charger into a laptop cooling fan. I tried to play it cool and hide the incident. The smoke detector led everyone to my area. Didn't make such a good first impression on my new boss with that.
Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.
Kids had been caught throwing rocks at Gina's family affair. It turned out they weren't a part of the family at all. The family they belonged to started arguing with Gina's family. A fight erupted in the park. Gina stood and watched in horror as adults fought like kids.
Gus was looking to buy a house in Nebraska. He found a desirable and inexpensive bungalow by a vast cornfield. Gus asked a person in the town why the place was so cheap. She told him it was because of hungry demons in the corn. Gus decided to move somewhere with less superstitious people.
Kevin really wanted stylish new shoes. He worked at his paper route to buy them. He did not waste his money on snacks and sodas. When he had enough for them, he went and got them. He wore them home with pride.
Ethan had just broken up with his girlfriend. They had been together for two months. Within an hour he had his ex from a year ago on the phone. They were back together in a week. They broke up within a day just like the last time this happened.
Sharon slept right through her alarm clock! She was dreaming of the ocean and how the waves sounded. She didn't even hear her family leave for church. When she woke up and everyone was gone she was afraid. She couldn't believe they had gone without her!
Francis has always wanted to learn how to tie a necktie. He decides to practice until he can tie one. At first he finds it very difficult. But eventually he is able to tie a necktie very well. Francis is proud of himself for learning how to tie a necktie.
Taylor was very excited that summer vacation had finally arrived. He couldn't wait to spend long summer days with his best buddies. However, a new girl moved in next door and they became friends. His buddies were steamed, but Taylor was smitten with the young lady. Taylor realized it was going to be a different kind of summer for him.
My daughter is off all summer long from school. I have no idea what I am going to do with her. I tried to plan a few adventures for us. We may visit the beach a lot also. I hope I can give her a fun summer.
A man went out for a jog on a summer day. On his way back he upped his pace for a challenge. He thought after a while that he was very close to his start. The man sprinted all out for a while. Once he got back to where he started he collapsed on the ground.
Sam went for a ride in Shanghai with his family. There was a giant parade for the New Years. Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets. He offered the man a dollar. The man accepted, then ripped the dollar in front of his eyes.
Jim's boss is terrible He is abusive and everybody hates him. But Jim is rising in the company ranks and his boss isn't. One day Jim gets promoted above his boss. Jim treats his boss just as poorly as his boss used to treat him.
Sarah worked hard. She worked abroad for a year. When she returned back to the US and she got a raise. People at her job was jealous. She didn't care about nothing but the money.
Tom's dad and uncle woke him up early. They dragged him out to the truck. They drove Tom out into the deep woods at around sunrise. They gave Tom a rifle. Tom hunted, shooting a deer, for the very first time that day.
Lia was nine and all her friends knew how to swim, but she didn't. She convinced her dad to give her lessons in their backyard pool. First he taught her the basic dog paddle. But soon he had her swimming backstrokes and diving! Lia quickly became a natural water baby and a great swimmer.
Janet loved gymnastics. Growing up she always dreamed of winning gold medals. The closest she ever got was bronze. It was at an important competition and she got local fame. She still hangs it proudly on her wall.
Carl went to a neighborhood restaurant for brunch. He noticed they added several new items. He ordered one of the new dishes and was impressed. He told all of his friends about the new items. His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant's profit.
We had batter cooked fish for dinner. Our cat smelled the fish and walked under the table. We did not feed her, as we did not think the batter was good for her. She was sad, and left the living room. She is lying on our bed resting.
History class was always my favorite subject. Most kids would say they liked gym or art. I was always fascinated by the stories in history. I told my old teacher that I want to be a history teacher too. He said that's a good passion to have.
Farah spent many hours a day on social media. One day she received a message from a complete stranger. The man knew her mother's and her grandparents' names. After seeing the message, her mother told her the man looked familiar. A few weeks later, Farah learned that the man was her older brother.
Laura has always wanted to be student class President. She knows that she needs many votes in order to succeed. Laura meets with many students across the school to secure votes. On election day, Laura wins by only a few votes. Laura feels ready to face new challenges as student class President.
The weather was so nice that we went to the park today. When we got there we met a little girl named zoe. We played with Zoe on the slides for nearly an hour. Zoe showed us how to slide down the slide on our tummy. We are going to meet our new friend at the park again tomorrow.
David was faced a particularly difficult exam. He expected to just pass based on it. However, he saw a person carelessly showing his exam. Noble David decided to not cheat. Unfortunately, David did not pass this difficult exam.
I went to go see a movie with my brother. It was the most boring movie ever. So I decided to imagine myself writing my own movie. I imagined the script and full cast of characters. This made the overall experience more exciting.
Kyle had a roommate. His roommate was always late on the rent. He never cleaned up behind him. Kyle began looking for a new roommate. He kicked out the old roommate.
Stewart's dad built a treehouse for him in the back yard. Stewart and his friends had great fun with the tree house. Stewart grew older and eventually had a son of his own. There were no large trees in Stewart's back yard. Instead of a tree house, Stewart built a fort for his son.
Lucy wanted to get rid of some of her old items. She decided to put on a yard sale. She got her stuff together outside. Many people came to buy things. She made a thousand at the end of the day.
Susie really wanted a new iphone. So she decided to go ahead and simply buy one. However it was not on sale. So she had to drive to a different store. Finally she was able to get the phone she wanted.
Last Saturday my wife and i saw The Devil in a Blue Dress. It was a Denzel Washington movie from 1995. I had read the book and had the movie on DVR. The movie lasted two hours and had a lot of plot twists. My wife did not like the movie, but I did.
Blake was writing in his apartment one day. It was very hot outside as it was summer. Blake hears a loud noise. He see's that his fan has fallen off the window. It was broken and Blake was sweating from the heat.
Lisa and her boyfriend were chatting one day. Lisa decided to be honest with her boyfriend. She admitted that she had cheated on him. He got so mad and kicked her out immediately. He never got back together with her.
Kate came home at night after a long day at work. The house was dark and quiet. Kate turned on a light. Her friends jumped out from behind a couch and yelled Surprise! They had planned a surprise party for Kate's birthday.
Amanda had waited her whole life for this day. She put her wedding dress on with great anticipation. Her bridesmaid helped her put her veil on. She walked into the church to find it totally empty. Fortunately, she woke up and realized it was just a bad dream.
Kelly really needed a new iPad. Her original one was getting old. She needed something to surf on. She decided to drive to the Apple Store. Luckily she picked up a gold one.
Brandy woke up one morning and stepped out to the porch. Hearing a soft mewing, she looked down to the drain pipe. She then ran to the sound and found a sickly feral kitten. Brandy took the cat to an animal hospital where it was revitalized. Brandy returned home with her new healthy friend she named Hopscotch.
Jay wanted to learn how to defend himself. Jay's parents signed him up for martial arts lessons. Jay worked hard and listened well. Jay progressed very quickly. Now Jay has his own martial arts school and teaches others.
I got dumped the day my favorite band was coming to town. I didn't feel like going. I thought I'd regret it if I didn't. I forced myself to, yet I could not enjoy myself. I left early.
Grace went into the kitchen one night. She saw a disgusting bug on the floor. She went to the pantry to get a broom to kill the bug. When she returned, the bug was gone. The next day Grace called an exterminator.
Every March the family travels to Las Vegas. They love the town because there is so much to see and do. The shows are always the family's favorite things to see. They stay is a nice hotel every trip there. On their last day they always hit the casinos.
Suzie visited her nan in Cornwall. Whilst there, her nan wanted to go out. They went to her nan's favourite china shop. She bought her nan the cup and saucer she'd wanted for weeks. Her nan thought it was the best day she'd had in months.
Luigi loved meat. Pepperoni was his favorite. He put it on all his pizzas and pastas. He even put it on sandwiches. Luigi decided to open a restaurant that only served pepperoni.
Adam was too excited to sleep. He was going to his first NFL game! He bought tickets and a new jersey to wear. He painted his face and drank some beer. It was finally time to go to the game!
Jonathan had an important chess tournament. He would be playing against his brother. Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match. Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time. Jonathan claimed his title as chess master.
Travis downloaded the new Pokemon app. He didn't realize he would have to walk to play it. He set out on a walk to give it a try. He didn't realize how long he had been gone until the sun set. He had walked five hours and now had to walk all the way back.
Trina had very large hoop earrings. She wore them everyday. Yesterday however her earring got caught in her shirt. Her earlobe started to rip. Trina then had to go to the hospital.
Manuel had just made a ham and cheese torta for lunch. He packed it with ingredients to the brink and toasted it as well. He set it to the side and went to get a soda to complete his meal. When he got back the torta was gone and crumbs were left instead. His baby brother had secretly stolen and eaten his delicious torta.
We were worried my cat would not get along with our new kitten. My cat would hide all day long since the kitten showed up. We heard a racket in the middle of the night. The cats were playing with each other. They are now best friends and play together all the time.
George walked over to his friend Sam's house. They played video games for 3 hours. George's mom called him and told him to get home quickly for supper. George stayed around to play one more game and then walked home. He made it home for supper but was scolded for taking so long.
Pansy climbed a tree to the very top. She swung around on the branches like a monkey. Then she heard a snap. Pansy went falling through the branches. She grabbed a hold of the bottom branch, barely saving herself.
Nate loved his beard. His boss told him to shave it. Nate told his boss he wouldn't shave. His boss admired his guts. His boss said it would be okay to keep the beard.
I am not a hunter, but went deer hunting with my brother. While waiting, a huge buck walked right by me! It was majestic and its antlers were huge. I could not kill such a beautiful animal. I watched as it walked into the sunset and out of my sight.
Ed's family searched the woods for the perfect Christmas tree. After about two hours they found a beautiful one. His dad was about to swing the ax when they heard chirping. There was a family of birds in the tree. So they started their search over again.
Andres was a great cook. He could make amazing things with rice. He would add meat or tomatoes. Everyone loved eating the amazing rice dishes. Andres was happy to cook for anyone who asked.
Alice was craving cookies. She decided to go to the grocery store to get some cookie mix. She rush home to start making the cookies. She put them in the oven to bake once preparations were done. But she wasn't paying attention and accidentally burned them!
Ana and her friends went to a nude beach. At first they were very self-conscious. But then they saw that people of all body types were at the beach. They felt very comfortable after that. Ana and her friends had a great time!
I found a book at a garage sale that looked very interesting. I bought it from the owner for only one dollar. Later in the day I opened it to read. In the middle of the book I found a $20 bill. I laughed at the thought of buying it earlier.
Edward needed to get his baby pampers. He needed to do it before his girlfriend Martha got out of work. His friend Richard invited him to play a game. They played for hours. Edward wasn't able to get the pampers on time.
Stan opened the mail one day. He noticed his electric bill was more expensive than usual. He asked everyone in the family if they knew why. His oldest son admitted to never turning off his computer. Stan asked him to start doing so and he obliged.
I was in the bathroom getting ready to shave. My son snuck in to see what I was doing. He saw the shaving cream on my face and said I looked like Santa Claus I told him that maybe I actually was the real Santa Claus. He ran out of the room and asked his mom if I was lying.
Johnny wanted to learn how to make pizza. He knew his mother made it. He asked her to teach him. His pizza didn't turn out as good as his mom's. His mom didn't teach him the real recipe.
It started to rain outside. I went into my room to hide under the covers. The thunderstorm began to occur. My bicycle ended up getting hit by a thunderbolt. After the storm, I decided to go outside to check on it.
My husband and I set baby sea turtles free. They were protected by an animal welfare group before they hatched. My husband and I got to help release them safely. They crawled from the sand and made it into the ocean. We felt like we were helping the world by saving turtles.
Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees. He has to write performance reviews for each employee. He realized this will take up too much time to do and he is busy. He hires a secretary to assist him with the reviews. Together they write them all in a few days.
Brad was playing basketball with his friends. He would miss every shot. All of his friends were making baskets. Brad decided to practice for a month. Soon he could make the basket like his friends.
A man had many skills and resources and wanted to share them. He knew that Jesus said knowledge should be free. He wrote books and published articles online. He did his best to teach others. He increased global well being through his generosity.
Jane and Andy were about to get married. Everyone gathered in the church. Jane walked down the aisle towards Andy. They both said I do and kissed. They were happy and lived a long, happy life.
Mike worked overtime every week. When he got his last paycheck, he realized that he was underpaid. Mike discovered that his manager had altered his time card. Mike brought the issue before human resources. The manager was reprimanded for his dishonest actions.
I once had a pet cat named Jo. Jo was a soft white kitty. I loved Jo very much for many years. She was a faithful companion till the day that she died. She died peacefully in her sleep.
Paul didn't expect to hear that he owed money to the library. The librarian explained that several books on his account were due. She said the balance was $20, but he claimed to have returned them. In order to prove her wrong, he searched the shelves for the books. When he couldn't find any, he had no choice, but to pay what was owed.
Rick had to pick up his daughter from school. His car got a flat tire on the way. Rick had to patch up the tire. He was 30 minutes late picking up his daughter. His daughter was understanding of his situation.
Alex went out for pizza with some friends. He was the last one to the restaurant and they already ordered. They ordered mushrooms on both of the pizzas. Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza. He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time.
Max and Lana's big day was coming up. They were getting married in two days. Lana was very stressed out and Max was nervous. They ran around nonstop attending to last minute details. When the time came they had the most wonderful wedding.
Tilly was at the store pulling out some cash. She walked home with it. There her husband needed the cash for work. She tried to give it to him but couldn't find it. She searched everywhere, tracing her steps but it was lost.
My husband refused to eat spaghetti. He told me he liked it but wouldn't eat it. I asked him why he wouldn't eat it. He said it was because his dad ate it twice per week. He liked it, he was just sick of it.
Richard loved exploring. One day he ventured to a haunted hospital. He kept on hearing noises in every room he entered. A voice could be heard in a distance. It was then when Richard decided never to visit a haunted place ever.
One sunny day Kara hung her family's laundry out to dry. She didn't bother to check the weather forecast. While she was running an errand the sky grew dark and foreboding. She called her son at home to bring the laundry in. He managed to get everything off the line before the rain started.
Jason and his friend Jeff wanted to have some fun with matches. They headed to an old abandoned barn to light them. Jason burnt one of his fingers on a match and accidentally dropped it. The boys ran outside as the old barn quickly caught fire. Jason and Jeff vowed never to play with matches again.
I was sitting on the bench yesterday waiting for pizza. It was very crowded out. All of the sudden someone dropped their suitcase on my leg. They apologized. But it still hurt and I was irritated.
Jason finally had to admit his kitchen was a mess. The floor was dirty and there were food stains everywhere. Jason bought some cleaning supplies. Jason spent all afternoon cleaning the kitchen. Jason's kitchen looked much nicer after the cleaning.
It was Liza's sweet sixteen last Saturday and she had a blast. Her parents rented out the best venue in town. She convinced her mother to rent the best DJ to play at it. Liza was happy with the guests and how the event turned out. She made memories to last a lifetime.
The Jones family had long desired to move to a larger home. They had outgrown their small mid-century ranch many times over. One day, the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses. After a long search, they finally found and bought the perfect one. Everyone fell in love with it, and they lived there for two decades.
The whole family was in a somber mood. Gina's brother Jay had moved out of state. He was only 17 Year's old. He had become a major disruption, and a danger to everyone. They were sad to see him go, but they knew it was for the best.
Ayla started to learn to cook at a young age. Her mother took her to a fish market to get a whole fish. She put it on the cutting board and its dead eyes looked at her. She couldn't bring herself to filet it. Ayla hasn't eaten fish since that day.
Jim was playing golf with his co workers. He hit a ball into a sand pit. Jim hit the ball and sand was kicked up onto his boss. The boss grimaced and shouted at Jim. Jim decided to quit his job because of his bosses intolerance.
I attended only one chess tournament in my life. I went to a speed chess tournament in the Boston area. The games were set a 5 minutes each. I managed to beat some good players but lost to others. I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health.
Amy wondered why she was to work at Bath and Body Works until 1 AM. Her manager told Amy they would be setting up Christmas displays. Amy was tired when the store closed and didn't want to stay. They worked hard putting up the decorations. Amy was so tired she overslept the next day.
Mike was into photography. He wanted to try his hand at being a photographer. Mike really wanted a DSLR camera to get started. His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday. Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets.
Once, my girlfriend decided she'd mail me cookies for my birthday. She went to the post office to ship them off. However, she's terrified of the post office. Instead of sending them to me, she instinctively smashed them. I found out a year later and laughed.
Gina and her friends were at the school library. Gina and her friend Mary both needed books about dolphins. But Gina couldn't find any. She returned to the table where her friends were sitting. Mary had all three of the books on dolphins sitting next to her.
It had been raining all evening. Tom and Robert called for a taxi to get back home. They waited nearly one hour for a taxi to arrive. No taxi arrived, and the line for the taxi was quite long. Tom and Robert decided to walk the five miles home.
Kylie was on a vacation. She spotted some really pretty friendship necklaces. They reminded her of her best friend so she bought them. When she got home, she gave the gift to her friend. They both wore their necklaces all the time.
Katie was on her way to school. She was just dressed in her uniform just like any other day. When she got to school she kept getting strange looks. She could not figure out what was wrong. Katie finally realized her uniform shirt was on backwards.
The man hung up the phone. The woman wondered why. The woman called him back. The man didn't answer. The woman thought she knew why.
There was a pizza store in a small town. The next month a competitor wanted to enter the pizza market. The company was called pizza man Dan. He tried for a year to break into the market. He ended up failing and close his doors a year later.
Tyler was looking for a job in his town. He could not find any good job for him. He applied for working abroad. One day he got call from China. They hired him as a teacher of 12K there.
Alissa was miserable at her job. She vigorously hunted for a new one. She was not having any luck. While at a party, she met someone in her field. She was called the next week about an opening by that person.
Tammy realized she lost her pearl earring when she got home. Frantic, she tried to find it in her house. After awhile, she came to accept that it was gone forever. The next day, she went to a coffee shop she had visited yesterday. A barista that remembered her had found her earring.
Barry is working with a special client today. Barry is excited to have a reading session with her. Barry instructed his client to pick her favorite book. As the time approached, Barry was excited to see his client. Barry's special client was his autistic daughter Abigail!
Ed bet Frank he couldn't be him at an ice cream eating contest. The loser would have to wear a dress to school the next day. Ed couldn't wait to see Frank embarrass himself at school! But Frank was a fierce competitor, easily beating Ed. He laughed as Ed walked into class in his mom's blue dress.
Ronnie's daughter did not want to share her toys. Ronnie did not know how to make her think differently. Ronnie's daughter made a new friend at school. Ronnie's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her. Ronnie was relieved that the problem had solved itself.
I was in Alaska. There was salmon for people to eat. A chef threw them on people's plates. I didn't even eat it. I was afraid of bones.
Neil was sightseeing in Nepal. Then a Sherpa guide offered to take him up Mount Everest. Neil couldn't refuse! He and the guide climbed for days and days. Finally, they reached the summit of Mount Everest!
Petra didn't like her red hair. She decided to bleach her hair on her own. Instead of a nice blonde her hair turned out orange. She called the hairsalon to make an appointment for the next day. Petra was happy that the hairstylist could fix her hair.
Amanda liked watched nature shows with snakes on TV. She was excited, then, to one day find a snake in her own back yard! Unfortunately, when she tried to pick it up, it bit her. Her mother had to take her to the doctor to make sure she was okay. From then on, Amanda had a fear of snakes.
John was good at telling riddles. He always had a new one to give to his friends. He stumped most of them. One girl would always take her time and piece them out. John saved his best riddles for her.
Mike loved to ride horses, and was very good at it. However, Mike was short on money. Mike learned that many children in his neighborhood loved horses. Mike soon developed an idea to help kids and make money. Nowadays, Mike runs a horse riding school, and makes a lot of money.
Brianna loved animals very much. Brianna read about how her animal friends became her food. Brianna decided she didn't want to eat animals anymore. Brianna became a vegan. Brianna now eats food that only comes from plants.
Douglas stuck his thumb out while standing on the side of the road. Car after car passed by with no luck. Discouraged, Douglas decided to walk to his destination. Suddenly, a red car pulled up next to him. He gladly accepted the driver's offer and hopped in the back seat.
Jed was doing his math homework. He was having trouble understanding the problems. Jed called his friend that was doing well in the class. Jed's friend came over to help. He explained the problems to Jed.
Tim took a trip to the beach. He wasn't aware of jellyfish. It was the season they were most out. Tim tried to get in the water. He was stung and immediately ran out.
The Moore family raked leaves together every Fall. Every year the trees seemed to drop more and more leaves. This year the Moore family decided to cut down some of the trees. They cut down three of the eight trees in their yard. The Moore family no longer had to spend so much time raking leaves.
Oswald decided to buy a house in the country. He bought a large house outside of town. When he moved in, Oswald found a bat in the attic. He ran from the bat and hid in his closet. Oswald regretted moving to the country.
Anna took her laundry to the cleaners every week. And every week, she found several mismatched socks. She had no idea where their mates went. Finally she agreed with the common sock theory. Anna decided elves must really be stealing her socks!
Anna always hated her big sister. As kids, they did nothing but fight. Even in high school, they bickered constantly. But as they grew into adults, they became friends. Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend.
I was born and raised in Florida. I still enjoy to go back to visit my family that is there. I have a trip scheduled for next week. I had a great time during my visit to Florida. I am excited to plan another trip in the future to Florida.
Last month my wife drove me to get a haircut. I am disabled and do not get out much. I got my haircut quickly. Afterward, we had coffee and pastries at a bakery next door. I suspect my wife likes these haircut trips.
Bob wanted to play tennis with his friends but didn't have a racquet. He checked his savings, but didn't have enough money. He asked his brother for a loan. His brother gave him the money. Bob bought the best racquet he could afford.
Jeff loved the moonlight. He sat by the window every night. One day the moon did not come out. Jeff was sad. He drew the moon on the wall and was happy from then on.
Ben was hiking in the jungle. Suddenly he saw a strange glistening patch of sand. His guide hurried him away from it. Ben asked what it was. His guide explained that it was quicksand!
Fred has always wanted to try a new hobby. His friends encourage him to try sailing. Fred tries sailing lessons and finds that he loves it. Now Fred goes sailing as often as he can. He is very happy that he found a new hobby.
Phillip slid into his car and turned the key in the ignition. Half-way down the driveway, his car stopped. He was out of gas. Looking around the garage, he spied the lawn mower gas container. He put some gas into the tank of his car and went to work.
I needed a laptop for my job. I saved up several week's worth of extra money. I finally saved up about five hundred dollars. I went to the local best buy store. I bought a very nice looking laptop.
Cal was anxious for his friends to arrive. He was having a birthday party! They all came with gifts. He opened them up and thanked his friends. Then they all ate cake!
Joe wanted a new cellphone. The new galaxy had just come out. He went to the nearest AT&T store and waited in line. When his name got called, they were sold out. Joe had to order his phone online.
Lucinda loved to go out dancing at night. Lucinda had many different outfits to wear to her dances. One evening, she decided to go shopping for an outfit in the city. She passed by the window of a store and saw a nice gown. She bought it at once, and wore it to her dance that night.
I bought my headphones earlier this year. They are made by Audio Technica. I ordered them from Amazon. They shipped very fast. As soon as I took them out of the box, I was in love.
Jamie was riding her horse in the woods one day. A snack came out of the brush and scared the horse. The horse threw Jamie from the saddle and she broke her arm. Jamie had to wait for her arm to heal and was unable to ride. After several weeks Jamie was back to riding her horse.
Anna was failing math class. She tried, but it was just hard to understand for her. Then her mom hired her a tutor to help her. Together they worked to explain the concepts to Anna. Within one semester, Anna's grades had risen from a D to a B+!
Jerry had a book report due in a couple days. He still hadn't read the book. Jerry knew his older brother had read the book. Jerry paid his brother to write his book report. Jerry turned in the paper written by his brother.
Sam was going on a trip to the beach. His friend Gordy was supposed to be going with him. Gordy didn't have enough money to go on the trip. Sam had to go to the beach alone. Sam brought back a tee shirt for Gordy.
Lou was making waffles at his diner. His waitress Dee said the customer wanted pancakes instead. Lou stormed out and confronted the customer. The customer said he wanted french toast. Lou kicked out the customer for instigating.
There use to be a white cat that greets me every day at my porch. I would pet it and sometimes feed it. Then, the cat wasn't on porch for a few days. Everytime I turn the lights on I keep hearing a cat making cat noises. I checked the attic and sure enough there was the cat.
Larry was outspoken on Facebook. This got him into many arguments. One day he said something that upset his best friend. Larry didn't back down or apologized. He lost the friendship over it.
I slept in a hammock on a windy day. Because of this dreamt I was on a boat headed for the New World. Right when the boat touched shore I jumped off and on to the beach. In reality I threw myself from the hammock on to the ground. I was sore for three days because of that fall.
Julie was struggling in Calculus. She needed a C on the final exam to pass the class. She studied for many hours. When she sat down to take the exam, her mind went blank. She failed the exam and the class.
I took my friend to a restaurant. When the waiter came, she decided to take the first order. She asked for a large cheeseburger with some fries. Afterwards, I asked for chicken and pasta. A few minutes later, our orders were ready.
A teacher was reprimanding Gina and her friends. She was very upset they were in the hall with no passes. The girls were afraid she would send them to the office. But she just wanted them to go back to class. They were happy to have been let off easy.
I needed a new case for my iPad. I looked everywhere for the perfect case but couldn't find one. Finally I found one online. When I put it on the iPad it fit perfectly. I was thankful it fit.
Bill was lonely and wanted to meet someone. Bill decided to try online dating. Bill bought a membership to a website and created a profile. Bill waited and waited for someone to respond to his picture and info. Today, Bill got a message from someone asking him on a date!
Crosby really wanted to throw a party. She went to the store and bought streamers and lights. She spent so much money because she really wanted this to be good. She set everything up and sent the invites. Eventually Crosby's party was a hit!
Harland started a softball team at his work. His boss joined the team. Harland and his boss became friends. They decided to start a business together. They built their business into a huge success.
Cole was a college student. He was going to graduate in two days. He was glad it was finally over. Alas, he failed his final exam. He had to stay an extra semester.
Jeff won the lottery when his numbers were announced. He decided to take his main family out to dinner. After leaving, his wallet fell out of his pocket. Some random stranger found a check with money and took it. Jeff returned to the restaurant for his wallet, but he lost his money.
Bob was camping in the wilderness with his girlfriend. They had prepared a weekend camping trip. The very first night, a bear crept into their camp and ate their food. Bob and his girlfriend had to hike back to their car. They drove and got more food before returning to their camp.
Tia skipped class one afternoon. She spent the time in the library reading. But after class, her teacher entered the library. He saw Tia sitting there! Tia was caught and given detention!
Sue practiced with her small toddler daily. She was grooming her to do the Gangnam Style dance. Her toddler finally nailed it! Sue enrolled her into a local talent show, certain she'd win. Five other kids did the same Gangnam Style dance before her.
Viola has always been very careful of not letting her skin become tan. She knows that too much sun is bad for skin. However, one day Viola and her friends all visit the beach. She spends hours in the sun and becomes very tan. When she gets home Viola worries that the sun exposure was unhealthy.
Johnny wanted to make the basketball team. He practiced every day. He practiced especially hard on his jump shot. Johnny went to try-outs. He made the team!
Vicky cowered in the corner, trembling violently. She could feel them all watching her. Vicky opened her eyes for a quick peek and quickly closed them again. They were still there watching her. The knots in the wood showed no sign of stopping their constant gaze.
We decided to go to the local rescue center. We found many dogs there. The kids wanted to adopt them all. Of course, we could only choose one. We walked away with a sweet mixed mutt to love forever.
Danielle and her friend Haley wanted to become archaeologists. One day when they were out in a farmer's field they found some. So excitedly they gather up a bunch and run home! Once they finally get home they show Danielle's father. He chuckles a bit and said those are corn seeds.
My wife got a bill for $300. It was the deductible for a medical scan. She thought she had already paid the deductible for this. I found an email from July saying she would get a bill in the mail. It came, a month later.
I was playing football. I took a sharp right turn and felt my knee snap. I went to the emergency room. The doctor said I tore my ACL ligament. I was devastated because I could no longer play football.
Moby spent the day walking through the park. When he got home, he realized he lost his favorite key chain. He immediately went back to the park to search for it. After many hours, it was getting dark. Even when park officials told him to leave, Moby refused.
Parker has a secret crush on Mary. Mary has a secret crush on Parker. Parker writes about how much he adores Mary. She does the same inside of her Valentine card. The two agree to trade Valentine cards with each other.
Jim was watching his daughter's basketball game. He got an important call on his cell phone. Jim stepped out of the gym to answer the call. His daughter scored two baskets when he was gone. Jim felt bad for missing her shots.
Tyler is playing tennis. He swings to hit the ball. He misses the ball. He drove his foot into the ground as hard as he could. He broke his foot in the process.
Tim wanted to make money at a lemonade stand. He sold lemonade for five dollars a glass. He got no customers with that price. Tim lowered the price to fifty cents a glass. After that he sold fifty glasses of lemonade.
Dana had a box of books. She was looking for a place to donate them. Her mother suggested that she bring them to the nursing home. Dana brought the books to the local nursing home. The people in the nursing home were excited with Dana's books.
The woman told a story. She told the story wrong. The child noticed. The child told her how the story went. The woman started over from the beginning.
Beth and her friends were studying together. Beth received an online message from a friend. The message contained a link to a video. Beth watched the video with her friends. Everyone laughed at the funny video.
Jeff is addicted to working out and he goes everyday. He just started a new job that has him working long hours. These long hours prevent him from being able to go to the gym. By the time Jeff gets off work the gym is closed. Jeff went out and bought all the stuff he needs to work out athome.
Barry thought he was good at football. He hoped that he would be scouted for a college team. When the scouts came, he heard nothing back. They picked other people for the college teams. Barry went to school to be a teacher instead.
Our neighbor Lois had a son in college. One day he announced to his mother he was gay. She was very upset, being a Catholic. Lois said she supported him. A year after graduating, her son became heterosexual.
Josh just moved into his new dorm room. He was nervous about meeting his new roommate. Luckily he seemed like a cool guy. Josh and him got along well. They became great friends.
Tom was at the shooting range. He was new with guns. His gun jammed as he was shooting. He accidentally fired it when trying to fix it. Tom was kicked out.
Michelle worked hard every day of her life to pay for what she wants. She woke up every morning at exactly 5 am to pick strawberries. She worked for the same company all her life and was loyal. One day while at work she broke her back and was not able to work. Her work denied her the insurance and she was forced to be homeless.
Kelly was about to go to her first opera. She was excited to finally attend one. She got dressed up in her best gown and went out. The show was wonderful. Kelly had a great time.
I love to play soccer after school. I have been practicing my shot. I am getting really good and can make most of my shots. I want to be on the school soccer team this year. I am going to keep practicing until I can make the team.
Evan is frustrated. He cannot reach his favorite toy. With much effort, Even tried to move toward the toy. Finally, the toy was within his grasp. Even will forever cherish his toy.
Matt and Caroline lived together and had been fighting. Caroline was fed up and kicked Matt out. Unsure what to do, he just hung out in the yard. He was cold and bored for a really long time. Finally, she let him back inside after she calmed down.
Lisa was having a party at her house. She got everyone together. When she was about to walk outside in her dress, something happened. Her dress got caught in the door handle. As a result the shoulder ripped.
Jay always slept with a teddy bear. He couldn't sleep without it. One day he left it at school. Jay did not think he would sleep. However, his mother bought him a new stuffed animal.
Julie had chores to do every day. Her least favorite task was to take the garbage out. One day, she tried to throw the garbage bag into the can. She fell and ended up inside the can! Julie was so disgusted!
Reagan got her flute ready for her show. She was very nervous. Even her grandparents came to see her play. Reagan played a wonderful solo. Her parents were very proud.
Thom spent a lot of his time on the Xbox. He would always play the same 3 games. After school, he came home to find them all missing. After searching the house, he found them covered in paint. His little sister thought they would be good to use as stencils.
Milton had forgotten his magazine in the library. He went to the area where he had left it but it was gone. He started to look around but couldn't find it anywhere. Later, he mentioned it to a friend. Then, his friend revealed that she had found it and kept it.
My friend Tom quit drinking and went to AA. He was doing well for a while but he began to act weird. Everyone knows AA is a strange cult, but we didn't expect the results. Tom began to stalk people around and act strangely. We all avoid Tom now, he's gone off the deep end.
Craig has walked using crutches since he injured his leg. One day his friend dares him to leave his crutches at home. Craig accepts the dare and hops everywhere he goes that day. By the end of the day Craig is exhausted. He decides never to leave home without crutches again.
Leah rowed her boat every day. She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill. Instead of training for the race she relaxed at home. On the day of the race she was unprepared. Leah did not win the race because she was out of shape.
Nora was reading a book. She brought the book with her to the doctor's office. Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office. Nora realized she forgot the book. She went back to the office to retrieve her book.
Lucy was helping her grandpa clean the basement. The basement had a cold floor of dirt. Lucy saw her socks were covered in dirt. She walked through the basement to the stairwell. She was proud of herself for going alone without being afraid.
Chad was happy to hear the final class bell ring. He rose from his seat and rushed out the door. But in the hallway, he tripped and fell! Chad twisted his ankle and hurt it rather badly. He decided to be less eager in the future!
Tom tried to convince people to come to Mexico. He told everyone the beaches were wonderful. Someone finally took him up on his offer. No one heard from them ever again. Tom bragged about his organ harvesting program shortly thereafter.
Sara had never been good at math. On the day of the final, she was worried. She felt sure she would fail. But she did the best she could. She was happy to find out she had passed.
Theodore and Susie were siblings stuck indoors. It was a dreary and rainy day. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. The sitter arrived. She smiled and revealed several board games and toys.
Kathy needed to move. I found a house across the street for rent. I went and took pictures of the house for her. She called the landlord. She paid the deposit and will move in next month.
Brian is a well-respected journalist. He has a prestigious job and is well liked. Brian decided to make up a story to look good. A witness later came forward to tell the truth about the story. Brian wound up losing his job and the respect of his followers.
A stray cat followed me home. I decided to nurse her back to full health. She became my best friend. Alas, one day she fell sick. She died in my arms.
Kelsi wanted some fried chicken. She didn't have a recipe for it. So she decided to improvise. She got the ingredients together and tried it out. To her delight it came out great.
Alex fell asleep outside under the tree. The storm clouds began to roll in. Alex didn't notice the weather because he was sleeping. The rain started pouring down. Alex was surprised to get soaked in the middle of his nap.
Today is Halloween. Jack is so excited to go trick or treating tonight. He is going to dress up like a monster. The costume is real scary. He hopes to get a lot of candy.
Gina had been out of town for 2 weeks at her grandmother's house. Her grandmother had very few channels on her TV. She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank's house. There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before. Gina hadn't realized how much she missed in 2 weeks without cable.
Eve's parents had moved and now she had to go to a new school. She dreaded the first day because she knew it'd be scary. Eve was right and felt awkward the whole day. She felt like everyone in class was staring at her. Eve was so relieved when the day was over and she got to go home.
We have two cats. Our cats names are Blue and Oliver. Blue would love to be friends with Oliver. However, Oliver can't stand Blue! Blue still tries to be friends even though he is hissed at.
Andy had always wanted to learn to play the guitar. He finally had enough money saved for his own guitar. He went to the store with his dad and they picked one out. As soon as he got home, he practiced some songs right away. He loved his new guitar for years to come.
Randy is on vacation. Randy asks his hotel for room service. They bring Randy the wrong order. Randy gives them an earful. Randy leaves the hotel in disgust.
Joan ran in the 5K last weekend. She had been preparing for a while for the race. She has really been getting in shape this past year. She felt better than ever. I was very proud of her.
Billy was nervous on Thanksgiving day. He had yet to prepare a meal. With his family already on the way, he scrambled to cook. Within a few hours, he was able to prepare a large feast. His family was very impressed with the food that he made.
I was eating at a restaurant in Manhattan. There were no windows. A lady on the sidewalk came up to us. She said one day she would be famous. A cab driver told her to jump off the bridge.
My kitchen was filling up with trash. I picked up a bag to carry it to my trash can. I began to walk down my driveway with the bag. Suddenly, the bag ripped and trash fell everywhere. I cleaned up the spilled trash and put it in the trash can.
It was a warm day yesterday. I decided to wear a light coat to work. On the way home it turned incredibly cold. I was unprepared and felt really cold. Now I keep a spare coat in my car.
Allison was about to get to the airport for her trip. She reached into her pocket to find her glasses to help her see. To her dismay she found them completely broken. Allison did not know what to do. She ended up having to walk around with bad eyesight.
James loved dinosaurs. One day his family took him to the museum. James favorite thing at the museum was the big T-Rex skeleton. The next day at school he told all his friends about his trip. They were so excited to hear about the T-Rex he saw!
Bill was a quiet man who loved music, fishing, and animals. Once, long ago, he had been a prisoner of war. You couldn't tell by looking at him that he had suffered much. He had given his pain to Jesus a long time ago. Now there was music in his voice and laughter in his eyes.
Chad was painting in his room. He accidentally spilled paint everywhere. The paint got on his floors and walls. Chad cleaned up the paint as best as he could. He had to repaint his walls afterwards back to the original color.
Laura entered a walking competition. She had to walk fifteen miles every week, but it was worth it! On the last day of the week Laura had to walk 10 miles. She procrastinated so much but finally walked that 10 miles. Laura went to sleep proud of herself that night.
James was in fifth grade. One day, he saw a girl doing some interesting origami. He asked her how to do it. The girl showed him how to make a crane. James made his own crane and brought it home for his mom.
The dog went into the breezeway. It laid down on the blanket. The sun was shining right on it. The dog liked the sun. The dog took a long nap.
The man drank from a bowl. It held a lot of alcohol. He began acting drunk. Somebody took the bowl from him. He would not shut up about that for the rest of the night.
Sarah went to a coffee shop. And she ordered a caffe latte. Later, she complained that her services and latte were bad. So the manager gave her a discount. Sarah felt good about being exploitative.
My wife's boss Sam is a nervous wreck. Yesterday he went up to Mary, his manager, ten times. Mary got so flustered she did not come back to work from lunch. She told the office manager Sue she cannot work with Sam hovering. Sue warned Sam he will have no help unless he calms down.
The paleontologist slowly trekked along the riverside. He noticed the subtle changes in the sediment. The rocks slowly changed in frequency and type. An odd piece of stone caught his eye. He knew he was looking at a very large bone.
Harriet wanted to make spaghetti for dinner. She thought she had all the ingredients but she was wrong. When she was done cooking the sauce she noticed she didn't have pasta. Harriet quickly thought to grab a bag of Ramen noodles. The spaghetti was not as good as usual but better than she thought.
Tim was driving through the desert. He saw a suitcase on the side of the road. It had an address on it that wasn't that far. He drove to the address and knocked on the door. The suitcase owner was ecstatic and gave him a monetary award
The Army Reserves tried to recruit me. I went to their office. They talked to me about being a medic. They wanted me to join for a couple years. I decided not to join.
Zach made a huge mistake with his money last night. He needed to pay bills today, but his money was all gone. Now he had find a way to make money today! He went all around town asking to help people for money. Most people were compassionate, and gave Zach money without working!
Arin was driving his new motorcycle He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike. While driving on the highway he runs over something and gets a flat. He pulls over to the side of the road and waits for help. Help arrives and helps him fix his flat.
Charles is about to turn 23. He decides he would like to celebrate. Charles invites some friends over for a small party. They eat cake and play board games. Charles is glad he celebrated his 23rd birthday.
Tina was a waitress. She worked hard to keep a large table happy. Once they left Tina noticed they didn't leave a tip. They left her a Jesus Christ pamphlet instead. Tina was crushed and cried for a long time.
Suzan met a friend at church. She invited Susan to a house party. She got there ready to party hard. The party was actually a book club. Suzan felt okay with that.
Jason, who is black, grew up to stories about racist police. But today he wrote his own story of police racism. Jason began walking across the street with five white guys. A white officer gave Jason a ticket for walking on a red light. But the officer didn't cite any of the white kids.
She begged for the toy for hours. She wanted it very badly. I knew she didn't have very many toys. She was living a very poor life. I bought her the toy for Christmas that year.
One day, Ben's mother told him they were getting a puppy. Excitedly, they made the drive to a friend's house. Their friend's dog had given birth to eight puppies. Ben was allowed to pick out which puppy he wanted. He spotted a red one he loved and in eight weeks, he took it home.
Paul always wanted to make music. He decided to buy a book to learn. Paul spent four hundred dollars on software. Paul realized it was much harder than he thought. Paul still stuck with it and now has a new hobby.
Eric was celebrating his 18th birthday. He arranged a huge party with his friends. His parents rented out the lobby of a hotel. A DJ played loud music the entire night. Eric and his friends had a great time.
Karl noticed a stain in his pants. He didn't know what it was. He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink. His pen had broken. It leaked all over and he had to buy new pants.
Tom had a neighbor with an old tree in his yard. Tom tried to have him take it down. It seemed like a danger to both their homes. One day a storm hit and the tree fell over. Tom felt vindicated in his views.
Llewyn is a folk musician. His friend passes away. Llewellyn writes a lot of sad but incredible music about it. Llewyn's career is one of fame and fortune. Llewyn releases a ton of records and is very successful.
Eva had very few friends in school. She heard that others thought she was mean. Eva made an attempt to be kinder. Soon her classmates started to befriend her. Eva was glad to finally make some friends!
Marcus and Trent have been planning a picnic together. They spent all morning preparing lunch and snacks. Marcus and Trent arrived at the park. They laid out the blanket and all the food. As soon as they sat down, a flash storm hit.
Lisa had never flown. She was always afraid to fly because her uncle died on a plane. One year her family was taking a trip to Germany. She was reluctant to take the trip, but her family made her feel safe. Since her trip to Germany, Lisa has flown to over a dozen new places!
Allie was in a courtship. She was excited about it. Her boyfriend Fred invited her to the park. When she saw him he got down on one knee. He proposed to her.
I was on my way to work when my car started acting funny. Suddenly it was making noises and black smoke came from the hood. I pulled over and got out. A passerby stopped, and told me my engine blew. I had to call for a tow truck to come get my car.
Ada loved to eat bananas. Her father came home from the grocery store with a bunch of bananas. Ada saw them and ate half of them right away. When her father woke up in the morning, he was surprised. Ada had eaten all the bananas!
Megan is the new boss at her office. She wanted to get to know her new employees. She bought everyone pizza for lunch and they bonded in the breakroom. She let everyone take a longer lunch break that day. She instantly became very well liked by the staff.
A 6-yr old boy was wounded in a shooting. The shooting started when someone started firing from a vehicle. The child was in a separate vehicle on his way home. He was struck by one of the flying bullets. The child was critically wounded and is currently hospitalized.
Joe's teacher assigned a reading assignment for homework. She told the class they may have a pop quiz the next day. Joe got home and forgot about reading. When he got to class the next day, he had a quiz. Joe failed his quiz and his average dropped.
Jordan was all dressed up to go out and party. She had been loaned a very heavy necklace. She was excited about jewelry but it did hurt a bit. Throughout the party her shoulders started to hurt. Finally she abandoned the necklace in favor of comfort.
Ian and his class were having a Halloween party. But Ian's family was too poor to buy a Halloween costume. He was the only one not dressed up. So he felt out of place. Ian wished he to become a ghost.
There was a guy named Carl. He wanted a new phone but didn't know which one to get. He went to a phone store. The clerk helped him decide. He walked out with a brand new phone.
Tom was late from work again. His wife had cooked dinner. The food had gotten cold. Tom arrived to heat it up from the fridge. He ate alone again.
John's daughter had cancer. His daughter received chemotherapy but it was not enough. His daughter died. John was sad but realized he had to move on. John donated his salary to charity to look for a cancer solution.
Bill was nervous about his driving test at the DMV. Bill watched training videos on driving. Bill asked his dad and uncle about driving tips and techniques. Bill studied the DMV handbook every night for a week. Bill passed the test and is now driving!
Teddy is directing traffic. He is having a good day. A car does not stop for his directing. The car hits Teddy. Teddy is run over by a car.
Jim decided to cast the lure one more time. He let the lure sink for a couple of seconds. Just after he started reeling the lure in, the fish struck. Jim set the hook and carefully brought the fish back to the boat. He was thrilled to find he had caught a fine bass on his final cast.
Bob's friend David played the guitar. Bob was jealous of David and wanted to play the guitar as well. He went to the store and bought a guitar. He brought it home and spent many hours practicing. Bob became very good at the guitar and now David was jealous of him.
Mindy was late to work, but she couldn't find her umbrella. The weather was awful, and she couldn't leave the house without it. Suddenly, she remembered - she'd left it on the train yesterday. Making do with a piece of newspaper, she hurried out to catch the train. Her umbrella was waiting for her, and was much dryer than her hair.
The man rejected the explanation. He convicted the woman. The woman went to prison. The man reconsidered the explanation. He realized that he had made a mistake.
Sally was planning a trip across state. There was a long bridge on her route. Sally was terrified to cross that bridge. Sally planned an alternate route. Sally passed a different way and didn't have to cross the bridge.
When Conner was a child he took judo classes. He stuck with it until he was an adult and earned his black belt. His state had a judo competition and he participated in it. There were 20 contestants and he had to compete against all of them. Conner beat all 20 people and was crowned the winner at first place.
Kevin started a cricket farm in Ohio. He munches on his merchandise in front of people. Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing. He gives out free samples to anyone who's curious. Kevin wants to help save the world, and make money doing it.
Jeff needed some new tools. He looked at the prices for tool sets. Jeff found that he could not afford the good tools. However, he could afford low quality tools. After thinking about it, Jeff decided to save his money.
As a kid, I went fishing with my grandpa. We went to the local fishing hole nearby. After several hours, my pole started shaking, as a fish bit. After I pulled back, a five pound fish arose from the pond! I was so happy that I was a good fisher.
Kim always wanted to play drums. She would bang on everything. For her birthday she got a drum set as a gift. She played it all the time. Her parents really regretted having bought it for her.
Terrence was guarding me. I tried approaching the hoop but he moved fast. When he decided to jump, I crossed over him. He fell to the ground and I scored the winning point. Terrence felt embarrassed afterwards.
Heather wanted her kids to eat healthy things. She switched their soda with fruit juice. She thought she was making great progress. Then her dentist told her how unhealthy it was for her kids. Heather was so frustrated!
James gave his girlfriend, Lorna, a metal detector for her birthday. She thought it was the strangest gift she had ever received. She reluctantly agreed to go try it out at the beach. She was shocked when she found a diamond ring in the sand! Having planted it there, James got down on one knee to propose.
Sarah liked tattoos. Although she liked them, she didn't have any. She decided that her first one should be one of her favorite quotes. Sarah got the tattoo and was excited to show it to her friends. One of them pointed out that a word was misspelled.
The dog went around the house. It could not find its ball. It looked in every room. The dog went into the kitchen. Somehow its ball ended up in the kitchen.
Ben was different than most kids. Ben used a wheelchair to get around. Ben had big dreams and wanted to be like the other kids. One day Ben watched the special Olympics and was amazed. Every time after that Ben watched the special Olympics.
Tom, the local truck buff, scorned Bob's Subaru. He couldn't imagine anyone could haul wood or water with that. Bob proved him wrong. He got the car jacked up with big tired and an engine upgrade. Bob can pull on a trailer anything Tom can put in his truck.
The man put his dog on a leash. The dog knew it was time for a walk. The dog got excited. The dog peed on the floor. The next time the man put the leash on outside.
Tom was shopping at his favorite store. He had a membership card. He didn't realize he had enough points for a free gift. Tom picked out something he really liked. It kept him going back to the same store often.
Todd has a bunch of legos to play with. He has all the sets from his childhood. Plus more from when he was an adult. He set the world record for most sets owned. He gave the proceeds to charity.
Chad found that dog food had raised in price by 10 dollars. An internet article stated sweet potatoes were good for dogs. Harper, the dog, ate around the potatoes. Chad covered the potatoes in gravy. Harper devoured the potatoes.
John was an attractive, recent college graduate. Mrs Cooper, who lived next door liked him a lot. Mrs Cooper had a secret affair with the much younger John. Mr Cooper found out about the affair after coming home early one day. After a few weeks, Mrs Cooper left her husband to marry John.
May was a new mother. It was her first night home from the hospital. When sleepy she put the baby to sleep and laid down herself. 4 hours later the baby was crying. May stumbled in and fed the baby still half asleep herself.
Sally decided to have a cook out over the weekend. She invited some of her friends and family to join her. Sally took a trip to the store to buy her ingredients. She decided on making kabobs and corn on the cob. The evening was a success and they all loved her cooking!
Jack had been going steady with his girlfriend. His old flame was in town. Jack agrees to hangout with his old flame. His ex put the moves on him. Jack cheated on his girlfriend.
Doug and his friend Lou snuck onto a horror movie. It was rated R but how scary could it be? They were 10, they could handle it. When they left the theater they were traumatized. The movie had been rated R for a good reason.
Jan and Tom were planning on driving from Switzerland to Italy. They wanted to see a special shrine, but needed to return immediately. But they didn't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter! What they thought would be a trip of a few hours took them over ten. By the time they made it there, the shrine was closed!
Will was on a fishing trip. He felt a pull on his line. Will started to reel in his line. He suddenly felt a slight pop. The line had broken.
Gus always loved Dalilah. He thought she loved him back. One day he suggested she leave her husband for him. She declined his offer. Gus was heartbroken.
I tried my best to convince her. She knew what she need to do but was conflicted. We talked for hours over the phone. She chose to make the trip to Nebraska alone. When she got there, she saw that she made the right choice.
One day I went to a restaurant with a friend. I did not speak the language so I let him order. I received my plate. My stew was delicious. My friend told me it was dog so I became angry.
Keesha and her family lived in Kansas. It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off. The local tornado sirens began to sound loudly. Keesha and her family all ran to their storm shelter. They stayed in there until the sirens were quiet again.
Glenn is 60 years old and overweight. He likes to eat a lot of candy. He noticed he was really thirsty and going to the bathroom a lot. This was unusual for him so he went to the Doctor who ran some tests. The tests has revealed that Glenn has developed diabetes.
Dan made himself his first smoothie. He put in all the fruits he had lying about. The resulting mixture was an ugly green brown looking thing. Dan pinched his nose and sipped it anyway. Despite how it looked he found it tasted absolutely delicious!
Peter took his date to the drive-in. The settled in to watch a movie. He tried to put his arm around her and kiss her. She smacked him and told him to knock it off. He took her home right afterwards.
When Jo opened her door to go to work, her cat Mac escaped outside. As Jo attempted to catch Mac, the cat ran away. Jo chased after Mac until the cat climbed up a tree. Jo climbed up the tree and grabbed Mac. Jo carried Mac back into the house and went to work.
Paul was sick of his job and wanted to be his own boss. He started a sporting goods business with some friends. While business was slow at first, Paul was happy to have a change. Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit. Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss!
Chris was a star student. He had a big exam in biology coming up. He had been studying for weeks. He got to the test and went blank. Chris failed his first test.
The actors were ready to perform. They had practiced for a month. They were still nervous. The curtain opened. The actors looked on at the audience.
My friend Ann loves yoga. She took classes and got certified as an instructor. She started teaching part time to support her family of five. Her mother leant her some money to open up a studio. She just celebrated her fifth year in business.
Alice wanted to learn how to kick a corner kick for her team. She grabbed a ball. She marked out the correct distance. She kept practicing until she got the motion down. Alice kicked the corner in the game that led to the winning header.
Tina had eaten too much. Her dinner was delicious and she couldn't stop eating. When she was done she felt sick. She had to take some ginger tea. Thankfully when she drank it she felt better.
Benji occasionally texts while he's driving. Today he got stuck in a large amount of traffic. Eventually, he saw a massive wreck. He found out a person was texting while driving. Benji has never text while driving ever again.
Ben went to the printing station today. He was using the computer without printing anything. The cashier told him to get out since he was idling. Ben told her to be quiet. Security came and escorted Ben out of the place.
Tyler is trying out for the basketball team. He gives it everything hes got. He scores the most points in the try out. Tyler awaits the coaches choice. A few days later he is told he made the team.
John wanted to join the school choir. Like everyone else he needed to audition for it. He was very nervous for the audition. Luckily he was able to calm himself. He was pleased to learn he had made the cut.
Sally was trying out for the softball team. She had never played softball before. She learned how to bat and field a ball. Sally felt like she was prepared for the tryouts. When the time came, she made the team!
Grace was faced with a small dilemma. One of her daughters was selling cookies. Her other daughter was selling candy bars. Grace wanted to help both girls. Finally, Grace decided to buy both candy and cookies.
Jess wanted to remodel her old house. The inspector finally came to test her house for lead paint. He took samples from every part of the old house. Two weeks later, the test results came back positive. Jess reconsidered remodeling her house this year.
Tom had an old office chair. He hated how uncomfortable it was. They refused to replace it since it still worked. Tom decided to break it on purpose. It worked and he got a new chair.
I always wanted to meet Michael Jordan. I traveled to Chicago. He was signing autographs for fans. I stood in line for five hours. I shook Michael Jordan's hand.
I planted a herb garden in the window. I added dirt and seeds to the window box. I watered the seeds. The seeds sprouted in the dirt quickly. I now have fresh herbs everyday.
I took my daughter and her friend to the MFA in Boston. We went to a John Singer Sargent exhibit. My daughter's friend was 13. She asked a lot of questions and looked at the art a lot. She ended up taking art in high school.
Tom was doing homework at his school's computer lab. When he left he forgot his memory card. The next day he went back to look for it. Someone had taken it to the lost and found. Tom picked it up and was very thankful.
Dominic and his friends would skate everywhere they could. They broke the law doing this many times. They went skating at a local school yesterday. They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over. He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone.
Alarm goes off at six in the morning . I roll out of bed and stretched my back. Put my work cloths on and grab some coffee. Take the keys off the hook and start up my car. Drive to work singing rock songs on the radio.
Tim did not sleep much. He woke up early and had to go to work. While driving there he started falling asleep. Tim accidentally swerved off the road and hit a tree. Tim never drove sleepy again.
Angie wanted a job. She was interviewing for her dream job. She was nervous but felt like she had done well. When she got home, she got a phone call. She'd gotten the job!
Larry was looking for his favorite shirt. He hadn't been able to find it for days. There were other clothes missing too. He finally remembered that he did laundry days prior. He went back to the laundromat to retrieve his lost clothes.
Bill wrote a book. He sent the book to a book publisher. The publisher read his book and liked it. He offered to publish Bill's book. Bill became a famous author.
The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!
It was night outside. The kids were playing on the street. Some cars tried to pass by. The kids would not move. The car honked its horn.
Carol needed to make the bed. She started with fresh sheets. Then, she put the duvet on. Then, she arranged all of the pillows. Finally, she laid a blanket on the bed.
Bryce had never won anything in his life. His friends convinced him to buy a lotto ticket on his birthday. He had no hope in winning but gave it a shot. The lucky numbers were called and Bryce fainted. When he awoke he had won 62 billions dollars.
Tim wanted to watch some Hulu. He couldn't log on. It said he hadn't paid the bill. Tim remembered he was using someone else's subscription. He was unable to remedy the situation.
Eric went to the gym. He had a very strenuous cardio workout. He ran almost seven miles. When he went home he took a shower. Then he sat down and immediately fell asleep.
Mitch had to start his new teaching job today. He was nervous, but is very good with kids. One kid asked him his favorite basketball player. Mitch told him it was LeBron James. Now the little kid calls him LeBron James instead of Mr Francis.
I wanted to buy a new game for my iPad. I stumbled across the Harry Potter Lego game for the iPad. It was amazing when I downloaded it. It has given me numerous hours of fun. Yesterday I finally beat the game.
Ian was going bald. And he blamed his baldness for all of his problems. But one night, he saw an infomercial for a hair regrowth product. He had a bad feeling about it but ordered it anyway. After receiving and trying it, Ian only felt regret and hopelessness.
Tim wanted to move to a new house. He decided to research the real estate market. He used various online tools. He found a really great deal on a house. Tim moved into the new house.
My little girl decided she wanted to be a gymnast. We signed her up at a gym. She tried to do flips, tumbles and the balance beam. It was a lot harder than it looked. Now my daughter wants to be a dancer!
Molly was a girl who liked to read books. She especially liked to read fantasy novels about princesses. Once, she dressed up as a character from her favorite fantasy novel. She thought she would get lots of compliments on her beautiful dress. But nobody seemed to notice that her clothes were out of the ordinary.
Candace became a stay at home mom 3 years ago. Not making her own money started to bother her. So one day she thought she would try and sell her crocheted items. She listed 10 items for sale and they sold out immediately. Now Candace makes at least $300 selling her crocheted items from home.
Ken is complacent in his job. His past successes prevent him from taking risks. His risk averse behavior is detrimental to his team. His team underperforms and is inconsistent. Ken needs to take more risks in the future.
Christy really enjoyed her job but didn't like her co workers. She kept working at her job even though she wanted to quit. One day, Christy's coworkers sent out a bad email to the whole office. Christy was hurt and decided to quit that day. Christy was happy to quit her job.
Allie has an English test tomorrow. She has been studying all week. She still felt unprepared. She decided to pull an allnighter. Allie made an A on her test.
Claire told her kids they could go pick out a pet. They went to the pet store to see what they had. The kids fell in love with some funny little hedgehogs. They each got one and took them home. They had so much fun playing with their new pets.
THREE FRIENDS OF MINES PLAN A TRIP TO THE WIND CREEK CASINO. FIRST DAY WE ENJOYED THE BUFFET,AND THE SLOT MACHINES. WE DROVE TO THE FLORIDA LINE FOR LOTTERY TICKETS AND ALCOHOL. THEN WE ALSO ENJOYED THE MOVIES AND BOWLING. AT LAST WHEN WE GOT READY TO LEAVE ,WE LOST SO MUCH  ROOMS WERE FREE!
Yesterday we went to Tanglewood, 120 miles away. I am disabled and do not drive well. We hired a limo service, which arrived 15 minutes late. The ac broke down during the trip. We were very hot and not pleased with the service.
George couldn't wait for deer season to open. He planned to go hunting the very first weekend. Right before deer season, George had a heart attack. He had to spend the week in the hospital. George was disappointed that his health kept him from hunting.
Jack's soccer team was playing a game during playoff game. They had been training extra hard during practice. The teams were about evenly matched but the opponents played well. The other team was able to maintain control of the ball more. The opponents scored in the second half and won the game.
On May 24th, my brother took me out to lunch for my 63rd birthday. We went to a Ramen shop in Allston. Ramen is a Japanese noodle. I had a big bowl of Ramen. I was not impressed, but will try it again later.
My brothers and I were playing keep away. The ball landed on the ground. I reached for the ball. My brother put his foot in between my and and the ball. My fourth finger on my right hand was broken.
Tony would often go to the skatepark. His friends would usually meet him there. One day, they forgot to tell him they weren't coming. They all stayed at John's house to play games. Tony skated a lot more without anyone there with him.
The family was headed to the beach. They had rented a fancy beach house. They arrived and unpacked their things. It would be great to relax for a week! They dined on the deck and watched the ocean.
My sister-in-law called us on Sunday. She had attended a family event. Her camera broke down and she did not take photos. She asked my wife to have some photos made up. My wife had Shutterfly print up some copies.
Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower. He thought the water felt very pleasant and reached for the shampoo. Because his eyes weren't quite open yet he grabbed the body soap. Cal used it on his head. He felt strangely the rest of the day though he didn't figure out why.
My friend is always late. Last night we had dinner reservations. She was half an hour late. We left and went somewhere else to eat. She's no longer our friend.
Samantha and Tycho thought their pet fish looked bored. They decided to put some toys in its fishbowl. The fishbowl soon filled with toys. The two siblings decided the fish didn't have any room to swim. They took the toys out and let the fish have a rest.
Bertha was a food taste tester. She loved her job especially riblet tasting day. She watched the plate of delicious riblets in front of her. She grabbed one of the riblets. Bertha was happy that day.
Jason and Malia were dating for 12 years. They got along for the most part but always fought over politics. They were both passionate about politics and didn't see eye to eye. Eventually their fighting over politics became extremely intense. They eventually broke up over their political differences.
Dax had several arrests for drinking and driving. He lost his car and his driver's license because of the arrests. One night he wanted to go to a party. He took a friend's car without permission. Dax keeps making very bad decisions.
I bought a dog for myself when I moved into my new house. I found out at night that my dog is a very noisy sleeper. He kept me up most nights for about a month. I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep. Now I sleep on the couch and my dog gets the whole bed.
I watched the episode Punk on Law and Order. The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner. I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star. I looked her up and joined her online fan club. I am a Cara Buono fan.
Josh and Brent are playing by the lake outside the family cabin. Josh notices tiny lights moving around near a tree. Josh and Brent run over to the tree to take a look. Brent notices that the light is coming from a firefly. They catch one and run back home to show their parents.
Maria had just bought some groceries at the store. With no cash on hand she had used a check. One morning she was checking her bank and saw that the check bounced. She quickly drove to the bank to deposit some money. Luckily this made the check clear.
Tom was dating a nice lady. Soon, they were in a relationship together for months. His girlfriend informed him that he regularly smelled bad. Tom never wore deodorant before this. Tom began wearing deodorant to the delight of his girlfriend.
We were at an Offspring concert without any food or water. Before the music started, we went to concessions. To our surprise, the water cost four dollars a bottle. We didn't want to pay that much, but needed water. In the end, we decided to get one and refill it in the bathroom.
France and Italy were at war for years. The war was over when France threatened Italy with the atomic bomb. In the peace talks, the Italian negotiator asked for reparations. The French negotiator told him that the surrender was unconditional. The French negotiator slapped the Italian to emphasize his point.
Kate was on a road trip with friends. And they left very early. Kate wanted to go back to sleep while someone else drove. But the car was too small to lay down. She realized she had to settle for an uncomfortable, upright nap.
Harry had a big chemistry test coming up. He set aside time every day to study. Harry knows if he studies enough, he will do well on his test. After studying a lot, Harry took his test. He did very well and got an A.
Anakin had a crush on Padme since he was ten years old. He grew up and they reunited. He dreamed about her for years. They started spending time together and bonded. Eventually they started a relationship together.
The Marlins had a couple rough seasons. The Marlins decided to pick up some new extra players this year. Now the Marlins were winning all of their games! The Marlins made it to the postseason. The Marlins were so good they won the World Series!
A boy scout wanted to teach himself how to make smoke signals. He tried to get the smoke right but instead burnt his blanket. In a panic he threw the blanket away, causing a forest fire. The park ranger arrived on the scene and put it out. The scout felt like he achieved mixed success in this effort.
Lucy lost her stuffed bear. She was very upset and cried all day. Her mother looked for the bear underneath the couch. The bear had been there the entire time. Lucy was happy to be reunited with the bear.
Joe was going to the new restaurant with his coworkers for lunch. They sent some discount coupons out to his workplace. They offered some quick and cheap lunch options. It was also very close to work. He hoped it would be his new lunch place to go to.
Gale showed her brother a picture she had taken of herself last week. She thought it was very flattering. Her brother laughed insultingly at the picture. He told her she looked just like their mother in it. Gale refused to speak to her brother for the next week.
Courtney frantically searches for the doll she left outside. The sun is setting so she retraces her steps from the afternoon. When that doesn't work, she complains to her mom about it. Fortunately, her mother had seen the dog with it. They later found the doll torn to tatters in front of the doggy door.
Jordan pours himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast. Unfortunately he spills milk on his table. Jordan feels sad about the milk. He cleans it up afterwards. Jordan decides he doesn't want to eat cereal for breakfast anymore.
Peter was trying to scare his sister. He told her stories about monsters in her room. Peter's sister was scared. She went ask her parents if the stories were true. Peter got in trouble for scaring his sister.
Last week we visited my grandmother's friend. She was sick in the hospital. She had cancer. Seeing her sick was horrible. We didn't know if we would see her again.
Dan loved playing a card game called Joker's Wild. Dan decided to set up a Joker's Wild tournament with his friends. However, Dan's friend did not want to participate in the tournament. Dan's friends felt that Dan always cheated to win Joker's Wild. Dan was disappointed that he could not play with his friends.
Gina looked in her rearview mirror. The people on the sidewalk stood watching her as she drove off. The people on the sidewalk were clearly upset with her. Gina was embarrassed her car had almost hit the curb. She was happy she that she would never see those people again.
Kate watched Big brother on TV. One day her niece and nephew joined her. The kids liked the competitions on the show. The next time it aired the kids showed up to watch the show with her. They all settled in to watch Big Brother as a family.
Katherine and her teammates were all very skilled. They were on the school volleyball team. A big game was going on and they were close to winning. It was a hotly contested game, but Katherine knew they had the edge. The ball came over the net and she spiked it, winning the game.
I closed the door behind me. Not wanting to look back at the home I grew up in, I walked to my car. A single tear fell from my eye making me turn back. There they all stood, my family. This would a hard goodbye, but my future awaited me.
I had been up very late studying for a test. I went to class to take the test, feeling tired. My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test. I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit. I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test.
John noticed a new kid at his high school. The kid was awkward and shy and some guys began mocking him. John was angered by this. John went over and told the guys to leave the new kid alone. Now John and that kid are best friends.
June wanted to become a cellist. Her parents bought her a cello and some sheet music. June watched instructional videos and practiced day and night. June auditioned for the school orchestra. Now June plays first chair cello in the school orchestra!
I needed to get a new car. My old one just keeps breaking down. I went to the dealer to browse some cars. I picked a few that I really liked. I plan on going back to make a final decision next week.
Buddy gave Billy a high five. Their hands were kinda sweaty. Buddy didn't like how it felt. He wiped his hand clean. They decided to never high five again.
Brent is playing in a football game. Brent is focused and giving it his all. The ball comes toward him and he reaches out to catch it. He misses the ball and a player lands on his arm. He breaks his arm and leaves the game.
As she drifted off to sleep, she couldn't stop thinking. She was seeing visions of violence and fear. She knew what he was capable of. She was afraid to go to sleep beside him. Exhaustion took over and she fell asleep.
John liked to fly his kite. One day, as John was flying his kite, a strong gust of wind blew. The wind was so strong it blew John's kite out of his hand. John chased his kite but gave up because he could not catch it. Instead, John decided to watch his kite dance wildly in the wind.
Evan had a car but wanted a motorcycle instead. He could not afford to buy it outright. Instead, he put an ad online to trade the car for a bike. Soon a local man took him up on his offer. The men traded vehicles and both walked away happy!
Cindy has 5 children. They seem to always forget to brush their teeth. Cindy smelled their breath one day. She brushed their teeth for them. They now remember to brush their own teeth twice a day.
Jeff and Otto went to the amusement park. The boys had a lot of fun on the water rides. Otto was afraid to go on the roller coasters. Jeff rode the roller coasters while Otto waited on the ground. Jeff teased Otto for not riding all the rides.
Megan made friends with the new girl in her third grade class. After school she went to her friend's house. She saw strange symbols and items in the house. Megan asked what they were all about. Her friend explained that they were Jewish symbols and she was Jewish.
There is a man named Jimmy. He was tired of being alone. Jimmy found a wonderful woman. He married her. They added 5 kids to their family.
Carla was enjoying her nutritional drink. She told Janice to try out the drink. Janice had a sip and gave a good comment on it. Unfortunately, she caught a bad stomach ache an hour later. She was stuck in the bathroom for a while.
Angel was arrested for shoplifting a purse from a store. Angel was assigned a court date by the county judge. When the court date came Angel was so drunk she forgot the court date. When Angel missed her court date a warrant was issued for her arrest. A local Sheriff arrested angel at her home and took her to jail.
Billy's car broke down on the highway. He looked under the hood and realized his starter was broken. The nearest mechanic quoted Billy 300 dollars, which was far too much. He instead called a friend who came and fixed the starter for $100. Billy drove away happily with a functioning engine.
Lincoln was walking to his room with his laptop. He tripped on a toy and dropped the computer. Everything snapped and he could tell it was ruined. He stayed up all night trying to fix it but knew it was useless. Luckily he had a warranty to replace it.
Bob owned a Bonsai tree. He tried to water it every day. The Bonsai tree started to die. Bob gave it some plant food. The Bonsai got better.
Jerry's car ran out of gas. His car showed his tank was still full. Jerry brought his car to a mechanic. His full tank indicator was broken. Jerry paid the mechanic to fix his fuel tank indicator.
Emily was only 16 Year's old. She found out she was pregnant. She was devastated and scared to pieces. Her mom helped her through her pregnancy, and eased her fears. She had a healthy baby, and her mom helped raise it.
Harriet's bff's birthday is today. She wanted to get her bff something nice. Harriet decided to get flowers for her best friend. Harriet poked her own eye out while trimming her bff's flowers. Her bff was excited about the flowers as she drove to the hospital.
Percy left his job late at night. Someone in the parking lot tried to mug him. Percy started running. He then realized he had dropped his keys by his car. He came back and his car was gone.
Jean was looking for a job. She found an ad in the local paper. Jean applied to the job listed in the paper. A woman called Jean to schedule an interview. Jean got the job.
Jill and Peter had to decide what kind of wedding invitations to send. They went to a wedding store and looked at an assortment of them. They liked quite a few but were not happy with the price. Jill and Peter decided to create their own instead. Everyone thought their invitations were the best they'd ever seen.
We replaced our old printer a month ago. It was printing only one page at a time. We kept the old printer only because it was too heavy to move. Today our son came over and threw the printer away. We were glad to get rid of it.
Dunkin Donuts in New England gives free coffee if the Patriots win. The Patriots had lost two games. A lot of people missed their coffees. The Patriots won last night. A lot of people were happy to get their free coffee.
Dan got a notice from his local public library. The notice said Dan had an overdue book and was getting fined. Dan looked all over his house for the book. Dan finally found it. Dan took the book to the library, paying a whopping 5 dollar fee.
When Tim was little he loved playing Nintendo. He would play with his family and friends. As an adult he still reminisces about those days. He finally decided to go on ebay and buy another one. Now he invites his friends over to play like he used to.
My wife loves to drink diet coke and so do I. When I woke up this morning there was one diet coke in the fridge. I stood at the fridge for a long time, thinking about taking it. I then took the Diet Coke, it was so cold and delicious as I drank it. I knew even then that there would be bad consequences for doing this.
Tom was really into quantum physics. He figured he could learn more about it in college. He decided to take a course in it. Unfortunately it was way too advanced for him. Tom had to drop out.
Stephen was never in the popular crowd. One day on the bus Stephen got bullied. The bully brought him to the back of the bus. Stephen started to cry when the bully kicked him. Stephen is afraid to go to school now.
I had to read Tom Sawyer for school. To make it more fun, my friend and I decided to act it out. We painted a neighbor's fence red in the spirit of the book. The neighbor got mad at us and made us clean it up. Now we don't like to act out stories anymore.
The first year I drove my friends and I who had decided to go to the beach. I was nervous taking my friends and I had to stop and get gas. After paying for the gas I put my wallet on the roof. We started on our way and then I realized I left it on the roof. After making a quick u turn I was happy to see it on the road.
Kim and Don went to vacation at the beach. The weather was supposed to be beautiful. When they got there it started raining heavily. They watched the news and heard a hurricane was on the way. The hurricane passed right by them without hitting them.
Kim planned a romantic picnic for her and her fiance. They drove to a scenic area to enjoy the day. She unpacked the food, which looked delicious. Then she realized she had forgotten utensils. It was easy to eat the chicken, but the potato salad was tricky!
Abby loved watching the soap opera All my Children. Abby has not missed an episode in 15 years. Recently, Abby learned that All my Children will be cancelled. Abby was in complete shock that her show would go off the air. Abby did not know what to do now that her show was cancelled.
There was a girl with a pretty bow. She never left home without putting it on. One day, she couldn't find it. She searched high and low. Finally, she found it in the trash where her mother had placed it.
Elias needed a new part for his car. He checked the local store but it was too expensive. He checked online and found it much cheaper. Elias decided to buy it online instead. He got the part within days.
James was feeling sad. He read a terrible story in the newspaper. He couldn't stop thinking about it. He decided he would donate money to help. He felt a little better after that.
Roland was pulled over by a police officer. Roland's car inspection tag had expired. The office was very rude and brusque with Roland. He refused to only give a warning, and he ticketed Roland. Roland thought that the officer overreacted to the expired tag.
Peter wanted to impress a woman he had a big crush on. Peter signed up for a 5k race that Lois was organizing. Peter was very out of shape and had never run a race that long. On the big day, Peter was the only one who couldn't finish the race. Lois was not impressed with Peter's attempt to run her race.
The family was talking in the living room. Gina farted around everyone. They didn't smell anything until a minute later. All of them got up and ran away. Gina found it funny and laughed.
Amy decided she wanted to learn to play the piano. She registered for a class at school. She was shocked to see it was a private class. She was uncomfortable to be in the room alone with the professor. After a month Amy stopped going to class.
Nate woke up feeling slightly off one morning. He went into work anyways and got to his regular tasks. As the day progressed he grew sicker and sicker. Soon he was struggling to keep upright at his desk. Luckily his boss noticed and sent him home to rest.
Annie had cut scores of squares and stacked them by color. She was ready to start sewing the fabric squares together. The task seemed overwhelming. She paired the squares together and began to sew. At the end of an hour, Annie had a string of squares sewn together.
The road crew had to draw new yellow lines on the road. The worker poured the road paint into the painting machine. They started it up but something was wrong. The machine shook violently and blurred the lines. They had to shut it down and call a serviceperson to fix it.
The dance was coming up. Fred asked Tina to do with him. Tina said yes. When Fred's girlfriend Yolanda found out she was angry. Yolanda couldn't believe Fred would do that to her.
Two men went to a bar together. They were trying to find a pilot to take them to distant land. The men met an experienced rogue pilot in the bar. They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him. They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft.
Fanny cared for a garden full of plants. She would have preferred to care for an animal as a pet. Her parents would not allow her to have an animal. Fanny bought and planted a few venus fly traps in the garden. These approximated animal life closely enough for Fanny's interests.
Maribel checked outside for the fifth time. She looked up and down the street frantically. She checked her watch and saw that it was pretty late. Finally, she spotted the yellow school bus rounding the corner. The bus driver apologized citing traffic for the delay.
Dave woke up one morning to great news. He had received two free tickets to a concert for his favorite band. While getting dressed for the concert he gets a phone call. The call is from his boyhood crush asking him for a date. Dave takes his crush to the concert and has a dream day.
A family of children was left home alone by their parents. The older kids were watching and taking care of the younger ones. All of the sudden, they noticed that one of the kids was missing. They searched for him, but couldn't find him. Hours later, they finally found him asleep in his own bed!
I go to the gym for weightlifting. My favorite thing to do is curls. But I think I may be neglecting my chest muscles. I'll be redoubling my efforts on bench pressing soon. Right now I'm too sore from my last workout to get started.
Today my wife and I went shooting our guns. We tried to go to the local range, but the wait was too long. I drove my wife out of the city and to the countryside. We set up our targets and shot all day long. We decided to go to the countryside instead of the range next time.
Bev planned everything out to make sure Thanksgiving was perfect. She was sure to put the turkey in the over in plenty of time. But when she went to take it out it wasn't done. She realized it was frozen when she had put it in. She needed to cook it an extra two hours!
Mason and Kyle were walking home from school. They were joking around and horseplaying. Kyle pushed Mason really hard. Mason landed in a small ditch. Mason's mom was furious at Mason's dirty clothes.
John was a great basketball player. John was offered an athletic scholarship to 8 universities. He went to visit each university to decide where to go. John held a ceremony to announce his decision. John decided to go to Duke to play basketball.
One day, Jon decided to stick a fork in an outlet. He received a small electrocution. Jon realized that sticking a fork in an outlet is bad. Later, he saw a boy try to stick a fork in an outlet. Jon stopped him and saved the boy!
Susan loved to garden. She wanted to plant some new flowers in her garden. She selected the flowers and began to plant them. After she was done, she admired her work. Then her dog trampled her newly planted flowers.
I kept hearing a soft cry coming from outside. I opened my front door and there was a puppy. I let her in my house. I gave her a bath. I posted lost ads throughout my neighborhood.
Glenn is painting a house. While painting the owner of the home comes outside. He tells Glenn he doesn't like people of his color. Glenn gets upset and leaves. Glenn quits his painting job.
Tim was a taxi driver. He picked up a really drunk fair one day. Tim tried to drop him off. Unfortunately the guy got sick and threw up in the back seat. Tim had to go back to get it cleaned.
As a child I loved the Chicago White Sox. My parents didn't have much money when I was growing up. I got my first job and saved up all my money. I bought myself a ticket to go see the Chicago White Sox. I went and saw them play and it was a really fun time.
Britt and Brandon have been married for 25 years. They love each other a lot. But they noticed that the spark in their marriage was gone. So they signed up for a therapeutic couples retreat. They learned a lot and successfully rekindled the spark.
I wanted chocolate milk. I went and grabbed my milk gallon. I grabbed a cup and the chocolate syrup. I poured the milk and syrup into a cup. I mixed it up and then enjoyed it.
Bob decided to steal a police car. He was caught while attempting to steal the car. He was sentenced to prison for two years. In prison, he decided to become a better person. He took a vow to never steal anything ever again.
Emily had her first dance solo this year. Her song was an 80's dance melody. She practiced twice a week for months. She competed with her solo four times. She won one gold and three silver medals.
Tucker had a really bad headache. He took some tylenol and went to bed. In the morning when he woke up his head still hurt. He took more tylenol and went right back to bed. Tucker slept all day.
Anna had always been afraid of birds. Then one day she visited the zoo. There, her mom took her through the bird houses. Anna was fascinated by the colors and sizes of birds. Soon, her curiosity had replaced her fear!
A fisherman was standing in the river up to his waist. He saw a school of fish come at him from upstream. The fisherman cast his line to get their attention. A fish grabbed the line and yanked it hard. This caused the fisherman to fall over in the river with a splash.
Ken was about to walk down the aisle to get married. His best man went up to him. Ken got bad news about his bride. She had ran off for some reason. Ken was hurt and started crying.
Tom and his three friends made a movie. They made a lot of money. Tom's three friends went broke and wondered how Tom did not. His friends asked him how he stayed wealthy. Tom informed them that he saved everything.
Lindsay was renovating her home. She painted all the trim. She added some decorative touches. Her home looked very different. She was proud of her hard work!
Tim wanted to buy a gift for his friend. He decided to purchase a $20 dollar gift card. It was for TGI Fridays. He planned to put the card in his pocket. It slipped through his pocket hole and he lost it.
Sean learned to hunt from his father. His father taught him to hunt with a bow. Sean was very good at using a bow. He began training as an archer because of his skills. Sean is going to be in the Olympics next month as an archer.
My daughter started kindergarten yesterday. I was so nervous for her. I think she was a lot more ready for the day than I was. I cried as she drove away on the school bus. She did end up having a great first day.
Tom loved dogs. Tom wanted to own a dog. Tom researched every type of dog. Tom decided the Chihuahua was his favorite. Tom bought a Chihuahua dog.
Penny was the housekeeper in a big house. She was always very careful to keep the house spotless. A man with a cigar came in, dropping ashes on the carpet. Penny became very upset. She was so upset that she yelled at the man to leave.
Aunt Maude put a bet on Santa Claus. Unkle Bob put one on the Easter Bunny. The tooth fairy ended up kicking both their butts. Aunt Maude and Uncle Bob weren't mad, and paid gladly. The costumed actors were earning money for a children's charity.
Samuel decides on Subway for lunch. Samuel orders a melt. He loves extra bacon. The employee snubs him with only one piece. Samuel files a complaint about the worker.
My friend wanted me to help him study. Since he has a low grade in the class, he was panicking. I tried to go over today's lesson. The next day, we took a test. My friend ended up guessing on every answer.
Nelson had just got a new kitten. His mom said that he could name it. He wanted to pick a really good name. He looked at the kitten and tried to evaluate it. Then, he settled on the name "furry".
Antwon Fantwon was a music reviewer. He ran a very successful youtube channel. Until one day he lost his mind. Antwon gave up his lucrative career to review memes instead. Nobody ever heard from Antwon again.
Tom wanted to be a computer programmer. Tom learned how to code. Tom practiced everyday. Tom asked his friends that were programmers for help. Tom eventually became an adept programmer.
I bought a large trampoline for the backyard. I set it up next to a large tree. The kids jumped on the trampoline and grabbed a branch. They swung on the branch and into the pool. They did this all day long.
It was a foggy night and I was driving slowly for safety. A car passed me and I could go faster following his lights. But my intuition told me I was going to fast so I quit following. A couple miles later, he had driven off the road. I might have followed him right off the road if I hadn't slowed down.
Maggie's throat had been feeling sore. Her dad took her to the doctor's office. It turned out that she had strep throat. The doctor told her to go home and rest. Her dad took her home and she went to bed.
I met up with my girlfriend last night. We had an amazing time in each other's company. First, we sat and talked for hours. Later we went out dancing at a nightclub. When I dropped her off we were both floating on air.
Natalie was a very sweet girl, but she had a very mean friend. The friend that Natalie had always got her to do mean things to others One day, Natalie decided she had enough of this mean friend. Natalie told her that she wasn't going to be mean to others anymore. From that day on, Natalie was always sweet.
Kim was looking for a new job. She looked at the ads online for jobs hiring. Kim typed up her resume. She applied to one of the jobs. Kim got a call to go on an interview.
Marge had some extra cash. She decided to buy clothes. She went to the mall. There, she tried on a lot of stuff. Finally, she bought some things.
Jill was very afraid of spiders. A friend of hers said he knew of a way to conquer her fear. Jill took his advice and bought a spider farm. See look at the spiders daily and tried to get comfortable with them. After 3 months Jill was no longer afraid of any type of spider.
I was driving into the McDonald's beside school. I saw my friend walking with a guy. I was slightly jealous. I drove back to the dorms. I wonder if she saw me.
The woman needed something to cure her rash. She had accidentally touched a tomato, which she was allergic to. She asked an employee for help. Surprisingly, she was escorted to the diaper cream section. She was elated to find that diaper rash cream would cure her rash.
Emmy traveled to her owner's new house by car. When she got to the house she ran off. Her owner went looking for her. Emmy had run a mile down the road. Emmy is happy to be her new home now.
The bakery no longer made Strawberry Balsamic cupcakes. They did however have the same flavor in a macaroon. She bought 10 thinking they would be delicious. She tried one and was shocked. The balsamic smear was bitter and ruined the cookie.
Alice was making cookies one day. She had all the ingredients she needed. She went step by step through the recipe. The cookies baked but no one liked them. She mixed up tablespoons for teaspoons for the salt ingredient.
Daniel had a very sick friend named Seth. Seth had cancer and wasn't expected to survive much longer. Daniel asked his church to pray for his friends health. To everyone's surprise Seth made a full recovery. Daniel thinks it was prayer but Seth is not so sure.
I was browsing the internet one day. I noticed a title that really caught my eye. I decided to click the link and read the article. After reading the article, I realized the title was misleading. I closed my computer and went to bed in annoyance.
Jen was always told that being a firefighter was only for men. However, she wanted to be a firefighter for her whole life. She trained and practiced very hard to qualify. Year's later she is the chief of her town's fire department. Now Jen looks back at her naysayers with a smirk.
I had a strange craving for bubble gum. I bought a pack at the checkout line. In the car I put three pieces in my mouth. It reminded me of being six years old. After a few minutes I spit the gum out the window.
Kevin didn't know what he wanted to do with his life. He settled for following his family's advice and getting an okay job. First he worked at FedEx but had too many car accidents. Second, he was hired as a mail delivery person. He knows he'll never get rich, but he is happy with his paycheck.
Allie had been doing well at her job for awhile. As a result her and her husband wanted to buy a house. She and her husband found the perfect home within their budget. But when they applied for a mortgage they got denied. Her student loan debt had ruined her credit score for her to qualify.
Jack asked his dad if he could have pizza for dinner. His father told him no. A few hours later, a delivery man came to the door with a pizza. Jack's father yelled at him for ordering a pizza. It turned out the delivery man went to the wrong house.
Bob wanted a grilled cheese sandwich for lunch. But he had no cheese. So he drove to the market. Bob happily drove back home. But then he realized he had no bread.
James is impatiently waiting on the construction of his home. He expected everything to be done by now. He calls the contractor on a daily basis to check on progress. It looks like it should be ready in a few months at this point. Though he hates the wait he knows it will be worth it.
Tintin flew a plane to a clearing in the woods. He landed it and got out. He felt the cold sting his cheeks. He looked at the run down cabin in the distance. His father had been here, but had long ago left.
Kelly was at a red light. She looked into the rear view mirror. She saw a car speeding toward her. The car slammed into Kelly's car. Kelly's car was totalled.
Bill would listen to music everyday on his walk to work. Bill had several crosswalks on the way and was usually careful. Bill got distracted by his favorite song and didn't look both ways. A car came up and hit Bill very hard below the knees. Bill wound up spending a month in the hospital recovering.
Wayne went to the store to buy milk. He brought the milk to the checkout counter. Wayne realized he left his wallet at home. The man behind Wayne offered to pay for his milk. Wayne was relieved and thanked the man.
The pregnant woman waited for the appointment with her doctor. She watched a notorious talk-show with combative guests. When she was seen by the doctor, her blood pressure was taken. Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits. She tried to explain the reason, but labor was induced anyway.
I was buying groceries. As I went to pay, I could not find my debit card. I panicked. I looked everywhere. I rushed out to my car and it was in the cupholder.
I was cooking some eggs yesterday, I put the eggs in a pan but realized something. I forgot to put some spray on it. So I put some spray while the flame was on. All the sudden a small flame came about so I had to shut off the stove.
Henry helped his mom decorate the house for Christmas. She was competing in a competition. It was a neighborhood competition for best decorated house. My mom lost last year. But this year she won.
Ron needed a new computer. He looked online and saw the one he wanted was expensive. He realized he had to make some extra money. Ron posted flyers around the neighborhood to mow lawns. After a month, Ron had the money to buy the computer.
Christian spent all night reading about Mongolia. The next morning, he woke up late. He realized he wouldn't make it to church. He went back to bed. He woke back up again well past noon.
Laura owned a flower shop. Every other day a man would come in looking for fruit. Laura explained many times that she sold flowers, not fruit. The man always liked to talk with Laura. Eventually the man built the courage to ask Laura for a date.
Lenore knew her son Tim wanted a puppy for Christmas. But Tim was only 4 and not responsible yet. Finally Lenore thought of a great solution. She bought him a robotic puppy to play with. Tim loved his new puppy so much, he almost cried!
My family visited the art museum today. The line was very short and we got in quickly. There were many paintings by local and world famous artists. I liked looking at the sculptures. We enjoyed our day at the museum.
Samantha was snuggled in bed throughout the thunderstorm. It was pouring outside like crazy. All of a sudden she heard a loud THUD. A bolt of lightening struck the tree in the her front lawn. She screamed and hid under her blanket.
Bill wanted to do something special for Veteran's Day. He went to the homeless shelter. There were many homeless veterans there. He helped feed 200 of them. Bill felt very good at the end of the day!
Sebastian loves going to the zoo. He runs into the monkey exhibit when a monkey jumps out. Sebastian gets scared by the monkey. He runs to his mother. His mother reassures him, and he goes back toward the monkey.
I have a cat. My cat is very mean. It does not like my other cats. It fights with my other cats. I might have to get rid of it.
On Halloween, a man took a walk down the street. He saw many people running around in scary costumes. The man became spooked when a skeleton reached out to grab him. This affected the man's perception of Halloween for many years to come. Now, the man refuses to go out on Halloween night.
Eugene needed extra money. He decided to be a dog walker. He would go to people's' homes while they were at work. He'd walk their dogs until they were tired. Eugene liked being outdoors and working with animals.
Lily loved her dolls. She had always wanted to be more like them. She started wearing makeup to look like them. She started to dress like a doll as well. Lilly had fulfilled her desire she had become very doll like.
It had all come down to this for Demetri. There were only a few moves left. He put his queen into place and waited. His opponent fell for the trap. Checkmate, Demetri had won!
Lana loved dogs. Her family decided to get a puppy. He was so much work. She didn't know it would be that hard. She decided to get rid of the puppy.
Quinn was really excited to get a new job. She was offered one in Detroit. She was nervous about living there. She found out it was really not a safe place. She decided to stay in Minnesota.
Anna was spending all her money on drugs. She thought of a solution- functional, though unpleasant. She began offering her body to her drug dealers. They accepted, and Anna was able to save her money. In the end, though, she lost much of her self-respect.
Frannie was always cold. She decided to purchase a heated blanket. One day she left the blanket on while away from the house. A fire started in her home. Frannie is now cold and homeless.
I wanted to purchase a new lighter. I walked into the store. I found the lighter rack. I looked through all the styles. I ended up buying a package of 4 multi-colored lighters.
It was the day before winter break. And Jeff and his class were having a Christmas party. But everyone except Jeff bought presents for someone else. Jeff got a gift but felt guilty because he had nothing to give back. Afterwards, Jeff decided to be more generous.
Ray had trouble sleeping even though he always seemed to be tired. One afternoon, he decided to go for a walk. And when he came home, he felt better. Ray was able to get a good night's rest. So afterwards, he decided to walk everyday.
Karen was a mom of two. She loved her children. Karen took them to Disneyland. They all were so excited. They went to Disneyland and rode all the rides.
Matthew had just gotten his driver's license. He used his mother's sedan to go get groceries. At the first light the car next to him wanted to race. Matthew revved his engine. The light turned green and Matthew decided not to race.
Lana wanted a job in entertainment. So she decided to do a music video. It took 10 hours to do the video, and it was grueling. The artist came on to her for sexual favors too. She was so sickened by it, she ran off set and went home.
I used to run an online bookstore. I began amassing books given away by the Newton Public Library. I also got books from a used book dealer. Eventually I had 3,000 books stored in a warehouse. I sold books until a stroke in 2011 forced me to retire.
Our nephew lived in FL and AL from 2000 to 2005. He lived with his girlfriend in Alabama. He found out she was cheating on him in 2005. He moved out of their place and came back home to MA. His mom was glad to have him back.
Yesterday the pink iPhone came out. It was beautiful. I immediately went to go and buy it. I was the first one at the store. When I went home I immediately plugged it in.
Tom's house is very messy. Tom decides to do spring cleaning. Tom washes all the dishes. Tom vacuums the whole house. At the end of the day, Tom's house is clean.
Erica worked in a small diner in her small town. As nothing ever happened, she was pretty bored. But one day a stranger came by. He talked about faraway lands and travel. When he left, Erica decided to go travelling herself.
Chad loved mangos. Chad decided he would plant a mango tree in his yard. After months of taking care of the plant, the tree grew. Chad was eagerly anticipating the arrival of mangos on the tree. Chad was glad he decided to plant the tree.
Yesterday I had a craving for a burrito. I went to a local restaurant to get one. When I sat down to it it, I was shocked. I couldn't believe how small it was. I did not want to go back there.
Dave was excited to surprise his dad for his birthday. He got his father tickets for a fishing trip. The fishing trip was something his dad had always wanted to do. They headed out the next day and spent many hours fishing. They had a wonderful time and were both quite happy.
The kids didn't have anything to do. They were so bored! They decided to play a game to entertain themselves. They went to the game cabinet and picked the most exciting game. They had fun for hours with it.
Maria looked at restaurant reviews on Yelp. She saw a new Nepalese restaurant nearby that had good reviews. The Nepalese restaurant had their menu listed online. Maria read the menu and decided to order some food. Maria went online and started to place her order.
Tim and Jill wanted to get their house painted yellow. So they looked through a catalog to choose the right color. They were shown a preview of how their house would look. And they were please by the light creamy color. But the color turned out being too bright and saturated.
Fred was an aspiring comedian. He told jokes each sunday at the local comedy club. One day a talent scout was in the audience for his show. Afterward they discussed new opportunities for Fred. Fred now tells jokes to packed stadiums.
It was election season. Tim knew who he was voting for. A friend tried to talk him out of it. Tim listened to what his friend had to say. The friend was able to convince him to change his vote.
Everyone dispersed when the game began. Nancy tried to move away from her base. Drew caught her and eliminated her from the competition. I tried to sneak behind drew. Brandon appeared out of nowhere, but I ended up eliminating him.
Sean was a dishwasher in a bar. He was working when business started to get crazy. Suddenly, people started bringing him tons of dishes. He started to become overwhelmed and dishes built up on the counter. Luckily, Sean managed to keep it under control all night.
Aaron was going to a concert. Him and his friends left early to avoid being late. Halfway to the concert they got stuck in traffic. The traffic was so bad it took two hours to get through. Aaron and his friends were late for the concert.
My son's third birthday was today He likes the color blue. We decided to get him a small cake with blue icing. He loved the look and taste. He was very happy eating it.
Sam saw an ad in the newspaper for free bricks. He called the owner and asked for a delivery. The next day Sam had a large stack of bricks. He used the bricks to make a pizza oven. Sam made pizzas all summer in his oven.
Dave has a test tomorrow. He decided it would be good to study with someone. He invited his friend, Jess to study with him. They ended up making out the entire time. They both failed the test.
Jamal wanted to make money, not go to school. He started hanging with people who considered themselves hustlers. He dropped out of school to hustle in the streets full time. In a year he earned enough money for a small condo. But the police arrested him for selling stolen property.
Ash got his girlfriend a puppy for her birthday. Ash was nervous about this because she never mentioned dogs before. Ash gave her the little box with a grin. His girlfriend opened the box and saw the little puppy. Ash's gift was met with tears of emotion and joy.
It was a windy day when a grass fire broke out. My friends and I all had powerful CB radios. Some of the fire units did not have the regular radios. We relayed orders from dispatch to them using our radios. The response time to flair ups was greatly reduced.
Beth was 15 years old and pregnant. The child's father was not supportive at all. Beth was terrified of her future with a baby at 15 years old. She thought about having an abortion. Beth decided that an adoption was the better route.
Jason was incarcerated in a state penitentiary. He was serving a life sentence so had dreams of escaping. He used a small spoon to dig a hole in the wall of his cell. Jason used the tunnel to escape the prison on a stormy night. Jason lived the rest of his life in a little town in Mexico.
Lea's favorite spice was black pepper. She put it on everything. Her meals often made her sneeze. She made a meal for a date. He thought it was over spiced, but politely thanked her.
Phil went to high-school with Claire. Phil liked Claire a lot. Claire liked Phil as well. Phil asked claire if she wanted to go to prom. Claire agreed to go to prom with Phil.
Tim really needed more money. He started taking extra shifts at work. Eventually he got close to getting paid over time. His boss didn't like that. Tim's hours were cut back down and he was warned about it.
Tony was in a horrible car accident a few years ago. He was rear-ended by someone going over 50 miles her hour. Right after it happened, Tony's heart stopped beating. He said that he saw a bright light and then flashed back into reality. It has changed how he feels about life since he survived.
Anna met a man through a dating website from England. She talked to him every day, even though they were 3000 miles apart. They soon fell in love. Anna bought a plane ticket to visit him. They got married soon after that and Anna moved to England.
The Robinsons were getting a new dog. They had been looking for months. They finally went to the animal shelter to adopt. While there they found the perfect small dog. They took her home and named her Sophie.
Matt worked as a foreclosure agent for the bank. He visited a house out on Berridge Rd that was soon to be foreclosed. The people there were very angry but they left when he told them to. Matt put the listing up on Zillow to facilitate it selling. Matt is dismayed it's been 2686 days and it hasn't sold yet.
Timothy blew up the balloons then handed Maria the streamers. Maria attached the streamers from the ceiling. Timothy helped Maria down from the ladder. The two friends looked around at their handy work. They left the venue knowing it looked perfect.
My uncle wanted to get a new car. He went to the dealership by himself. When he got back to his house he had a sports car. My aunt was upset and made him take it back. He got a reasonable sedan instead.
Donald turned four. His grandma had to sign him up for school at that age. She signed him up at a local preschool. Donald was happy to start school. He got on the bus to head to his first day of school.
Cathy is a devout Catholic. Recently, Cathy learned that the pope will visit the United States. Cathy vowed that she would try her best to make it to see the Pope. Cathy felt that this would be the opportunity of her life. Cathy could not wait for the Pope to come to the United States.
Alan got into a fight with his friend. The boys began to scuffle. Then they started to hit each other! But Alan's brother hurried over to break up the fight. The boys grumbled, but shook hands and made up.
Barry always dreamed of going to Jamaica for vacation. Barry recently saw an affordable vacation package to Jamaica. Barry decided to purchase the vacation package the next day. However, when Barry went to purchase the package, they were sold out. Barry was so disappointed that he missed out on the vacation package.
Mary is a daughter with two brothers. One is older and one is younger. Her older brother watches over her and is very protective. Mary never dates a man because her old brother is too protective. Mary is saddened by this.
Nana came into the room with a puzzled look on her face. She held up an orange sock and a blue one. My daughter jumped up and grabbed the blue one out of her hand. She took off running down the hall while waving the sock in the air. Nana chased her down, caught her, and tickled her until she laughed.
Thanksgiving was Mary's favorite holiday. Mary was preparing the turkey when she got a phone call. Mary was told her father was in the hospital. Mary went to the hospital and found that her father had died. Thanksgiving is no longer Mary's favorite holiday.
Jamie works almost 7 days a week at his job. The only thing he has ever wanted was a Jeep Wrangler. He went home after work on his birthday, his wife was waiting for him. She stood beside a brand new Jeep with a giant bow on it! Jamie was so excited, he couldn't wait to go for a ride with his wife.
Jill was taking her driving test. She was backing out of the parking lot. Jill ran into a mailbox. She began to cry. Jill failed her driving test.
Tom had worked at his job for decades. He decided to finally retire. Everyone at work was sad to see him leave. They threw him a going away party. Tom had a very friendly send off.
Kelly was nervous to get her college letter back. She was afraid she would not get in. She immediately ran to the mailbox when it came. She opened it up. Thankfully she was accepted.
Tim wanted to hang out with his friends. They were going to hang at the coolest lake ever. However he couldn't leave until he cleaned his room. Tim's friend decided to help him clean. After that they spent the rest of the day at the lake.
Nina was at the skating rink. A girl walked past and shouted something rude. When Nina confronted her, she became even meaner. Nina was so upset, she didn't know what to do. Luckily, the girl left.
Ella wanted to track her workout. She bought a FitBit. She used it to track her steps and heart rate. She used the data to record her workout successes. Ella loved using her FitBit.
When I was younger I competed in a baseball game for fun. I didn't think I was very good at it but I did fairly well. Everyone else was also impressed by my play! They kept inviting me to play every weekend after that. One weekend I decided I didn't really enjoy it, so I stopped going.
A man stood in line at a pizza place. Once it was his turn he ordered a slice. When he pulled out his wallet and it was empty. The worker behind the counter told him he could sing for his food. The man sang and the worker gave him $5 for his song.
Jeff was at the county fair. He was with his girlfriend at the time. She wanted him to win hear a teddy bear. Jeff decided he would give it a try. Jeff landed a lucky toss and won His girlfriend the teddy bear.
The doctor told my aunt Joshua had ADHD. He advised he be put on medication. She refused, saying ADHD wasn't real. He tried to explain to her that it was very real. After many years of difficulty, Joshua finally got the help he needed.
When my BFF got married, she asked me to be her "Best Woman". I was so flattered and happy to do the job! No complaints about the dress, gave her a great party and planned. I wrote a great speech that I left at home, so, I had to wing it. Everyone comments on it because I call her husband my "BFF In-Law".
Tom bought a dozen donuts to share with his co-workers. Tom got to work first, switching on the lights and coffee maker. Tom laid out the box of donuts on the conference room table. Tom went to check on the donuts about an hour later. At that point, the donuts were all gone!
I got a basketball on my birthday. I played with it every single day. One day, the ball went over my neighbor's fence. I thought he'd be mad! Instead, he came over and played with me!
Shannon was terrified of eating food that had gone bad. She was always double checking expiration dates. One day when she was in a hurry she threw some bread in the toaster. When it popped up she grabbed it and took a bite. She never even realized the bread was covered in fuzzy green mold.
Cory ordered a big cup of coffee and sat down with a book. As he became engrossed in his book he forgot about the coffee. Cory read for hours without looking up or drinking his coffee. When he stopped, he realized that his coffee had become cold. Cory felt disappointed that his coffee was now cold.
I just met Jill at the post office. Jill had a flat tire and needed help. I offered my help and got her spare tire out of her car's trunk. I changed her tire for her. Then Jill and I shook hands and we both went our own way.
Bill was a baseball player. He needed to practice his catching skills. His dad agreed to help him. They played catch outside every night. Bill's skills improved drastically.
Sam knew something was wrong with his car. He could hear a weird noise as he drove. Sam decided to see a mechanic. He drove to the shop. Sam waited all day for the car to be repaired.
Peter served ten years for robbery, though he was innocent. When he got out of jail, everyone in town treated him like a loser. He had only his mother, and even she thought he'd been guilty. He cared for her until she died of cancer. After the funeral, he got on a bus and left town for good.
This was Jane's first time to the fair. She saw all the games and the Ferris wheel. She immediately bought tickets for the Ferris wheel. It was her favorite ride of the night. The next day she went back to the fair to ride it again.
Harlan started chemo yesterday to get rid of her cancers. The chemo made all Harlan's hair fall out. We took her to a wig shop. Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair. Harlan now wears that wig every day.
Tom wanted to turn his garage into a spare room. He got help from contractor friends. Tom did most of the work himself. The finished product was subpar. Tom didn't try such a big project again.
The end of 2015 brought the end of my highest weight. I finally had enough and decided to schedule the surgery to fix it. The process went so quickly! Before I knew it I was seemingly already in the post-op recovery room. It's been 7 months and I keep melting away the fat!
My car is twenty years old. It breaks down every week. The mechanic loves to charge my dad a lot to fix it. My dad had it towed to the junkyard for cash while I was at school! I get to drive my dad's car now.
Jen was driving along the road at a pretty good pace. Suddenly, she felt a huge bump. She pulled over, finding that she had hit a large pothole. The pothole was deep enough to bend the car's fender. Jen, in disgust, dialed the number of the local body shop.
Candy has a crush on her classmate Dan. Candy is trying to find a way to tell him about her feelings. Candy decided to write a note to Dan. Dan, however, showed the note to all his friends. Candy's feelings were hurt by what her crush did.
Connor felt great about work, today. He'd baked a dozen loaves of bread. They smelled amazing when they came out of the oven. The customers noticed and he sold out of his stock. He hoped tomorrow would be just as great.
Shad had three brothers. They two were very troubled but Shad was always a good kid. His parents had to put a lot of time and energy into raising them. Shad felt like he never got any attention because of how they acted. Shad started acting out just so his parents would have to punish him.
Alec works at the renaissance fair. He often puts on medieval reenactments. Last week he was in a sword fight. His opponent slipped and hurt himself. They had to make it seem like part of the act.
Orval woke up early in the morning. He went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Orval put toothpaste on his toothbrush. Orval started brushing though the toothpaste tasted funny. Then he realized he had used ointment in a tube, not toothpaste!
Joe couldn't decide what flavor of ice cream to get. He tried six different flavor samples and liked them all. He asked for one more. After he ate it he realized he was full. He felt he should buy something so he got a small scoop of vanilla.
The area rug keeps getting dirtier. It's a small rug but annoying to clean. The vacuum is pointless for such a small area. Yet it's not like you can sweep it. So vacuuming is the only solution.
I recently came out to my mom as a lesbian this past September. Since then it's been a really interesting journey of self-discovery. I wasn't sure if I'd ever actually date another girl but now I am. We've even exchanged the silly pet names and consider it exclusive. I didn't think I'd ever call someone my girlfriend and feel so much.
Mark wants to be a scientist. He decided to go to graduate school. While at school, Mark studied very hard. He graduated with highest honors. Mark has a great job as a scientist now.
I threw a big halloween party. People arrived in all sorts of wild costumes. Most of them were pop culture references. Others were primarily intended to be revealing. I held a costume contest and gave a pop culture reference first prize.
Joe was meeting his friends to watch the game. His friend called to tell him that his television wasn't working. Joe and his friends decided to meet at a sports bar. The sports bar was showing the game. Joe and his friends watched the game at the sports bar.
Sadie was at school. Everyone seemed to be receiving invitations. They were for a classmate's party. Sadie wasn't sure why she didn't get one and she was embarrassed. Finally at the end of the day, Sadie did get one.
John pointed a gun at the clerk. He threatened him and asked him for his money. The clerk came prepared with a shotgun. The clerk pointed the shotgun and asked him to leave. John was scared and so he left and the clerk called the police.
Tom had a pet puppy. It would constantly chew up his slippers. No matter what Tom did it wouldn't stop. Eventually Tom stopped wearing slippers. Even as a grown dog it would keep trying to chew them.
Joy arranged to meet with Kim at 11 that morning. Her bike had a flat tire! Joy ran to the bus stop and caught a bus. She was sweating as she hurled into the cafe. Kim laughed as Joy sat down, at 11 on the dot.
Jane was going shopping for toys for her kids. The toy store was packed on Black Friday. Jane picked up the last Barbie doll at the same time as another woman. The woman rudely snatched the doll and walked away. Jane had to settle for another type of doll.
Carol is getting married. She always wanted to have a big wedding. She planned a big reception party. She is happy that her dreams came true. All of her friends and family are coming.
I dropped my car off by my friend's house who volunteered to paint it. After coming back for it, I was originally impressed at the work. However, I realized that there were several shade differences. My friend offered to redo the work. I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job.
Truck Bilderberg worked in cosmetics, but wanted to design. He couldn't find a way to reconcile the two. Until his wife decided to take a new job. He worked hard at school, made all the grades. A few years later, his design was matched to a cosmetics ad.
It started to rain before Marta left for work. She grabbed her umbrella. Marta walked to work under the peaceful rain. She dodged a puddle. She made it to work without getting wet.
Karen always fell asleep early. She would wake up early with time to spare. Every time she tried to stay up she would be too tired the next day. Karen decided to get a job with different hours. It fit her sleep schedule better.
Ray was forced to go back to his hometown. Ray thought the trip would be boring. When he got there he was surprised at what he saw. Memories flooded back into his mind of his childhood. Ray had the best weekend of his life!
Brett forgot his umbrella that morning. As he feared, it was a huge mistake as it started to rain. He accelerated his stride. He tried to hide his head under his briefcase. But when he arrived at work he was soaked through and through.
Andy did not like the gym class unit. The unit was on softball. Andy could hit the ball hard. Andy was not good at catching the ball. That made softball very stressful for Andy.
Richard is at a bar after work. Richard decides to have a few drinks. Richard is really hammered at the bar. The bartender tells Richard he will not sell him any more drinks. Richard passes out.
The band created a new album. The band wanted to go on a concert. On the tour, they would show off their new album. The leader singer caught a virus. The concert was cancelled.
Delilah had gotten into skipping class recently. She enjoyed slowly walking to the store for snacks. One day, a car passed her on the road. It stopped and her teacher got out, catching Delilah. She was in huge trouble and had detention all week.
Mark always left his keys on the table by the door. When he had to leave fast this morning, they weren't there. He had to retrace his steps back to yesterday. But even then he couldn't remember where he put them. He eventually left his door unlocked to go to work.
Tom heard a plate crash to the floor. He looked around. He saw his wife by the broken pieces of plate. He went to her. They both picked up the pieces carefully.
Jerry drove to the park to exercise. He wanted a peaceful, tranquil, and natural environment to train in. Yoga is his favorite exercise method. He did many poses and decreased tension in his body. He improved his mind state as well and had a great time.
Tim wanted to be have the highest grade in class. He was poor and had a bad home life. Another student was rich and had tutors to help. Tim tried to study as much as possible but it wasn't enough. It was one of many times he had to give up his pursuits.
Maurice identified the body as belonging to his wife. He took the body home to prepare for the burial service. Suddenly he saw his wife's eyes twitch. He pinched her skin and she said ow. Maurice realized she was faking it for some unknown reason.
Patty had a sore tooth. From childhood, Patty had a fear of the dentist. Patty found a local dentist that provides sedation dentistry. Patty went into have her tooth fixed. Patty did not remember a thing and was so happy.
I thought Sally how to make a paper plane. She practiced for hours. She can make paper planes better than I can now. Sally wants to start teaching paper plane making classes. She said Mark can come for free.
Missy adopted a new dog for her family. They adored their new pet but couldn't decide a name. Each family member wrote down a name on some paper. Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random. The name she pulled out is what they named the family's new pet.
Not all stainless steel was equal, he knew. As he stalked through the store he had a plan. Hidden in his pocket was a magnet. Only low quality stainless would stick. He walked out with the finest cookware.
Hank was angry about how often his neighbors would party. They had loud parties at night and even some mornings. Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music. But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes. This time, Hank was happy about his neighbor's party.
Bobby went to the beach. He forgot to put on sunscreen. He fell asleep in the sun. He got a bad sunburn. Bobby felt miserable.
Jackie decided to take her leftovers to work for lunch. While on her lunch break, she put the food in the microwave. She started the timer but forgot to cover it. When she came back, the microwave was covered with food. She cleaned it up and felt embarrassed and hungry all day.
The man looked in the mirror. His reflection surprised him. He rubbed his eyes. He still looked the same. He decided to get some more sleep.
Allie and Fred just got engaged. They wanted to tell their family. But when they did they were not supported. Allie's parents did not approve. They thought it was far too soon.
Bill is playing in a basketball game. The ball is passed to him. He shoots the ball. It goes in. Bill won the game with his shot.
The mail was very late today. I went to the street to see if it came when I wasn't paying attention. The box was still empty. I walked down the street to investigate the matter. I found the local mail truck broken down a few blocks away.
Juliet drank some wine at Christmas. After a few sips, she felt dizzy. She fell out of her chair. Juliet learned her lesson. She was not going to drink again.
Michael loved his cousin a lot. They were best friends since they were little. One day, he found out his cousin was moving. This made Michael very sad. Now, Michael only meets his cousin once a month.
Lowe forgot his lunch one day. But he didn't freak out. He went into his backpack. He dug around. Then, triumphantly, he pulled out his emergency banana.
Norma was an adorable girl with red hair and blue eyes. Norma's mom suffered from mental illness. Norma's mom took her daughter to the orphanage. Norma lived in the orphanage until she turned 18. Normal left the orphanage at age 18 and never looked  back.
John wanted the latest new video game. He didn't have enough money. He decided to get a job at the grocery store. His first paycheck gave him enough money to get the game! John was very happy to get to play his new game.
One day Jessica took a trip to Chicago. First she went to Navy Pier. Then she went to Millennium Park. Finally she went to Shedd Aquarium. She had a great time.
Julie lived in Kansas. One night Julie heard the tornado alarm going off. She ran down to her storm cellar. Julie waited in the cellar while the wind blew around her. She came out of the basement to see her house had been blown away.
Richard and Mary raised dairy cows. One day one of their cows was very sick. Mary examined the cow. She asked Richard to call the doctor. The doctor came and helped the cow get better.
Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately. He'll be at work and then all of a sudden he'll need to sit down. He went to the doctor and they ran some tests. The doctor told Tony that he is dehydrated and needs to drink water. Tony never drank too much water but now drinks a gallon a day.
Larry was driving home from work. All of sudden a big deer came running across the road. The deer hit the side of Larry's truck. Larry was very shook up from the collision. From then on Larry was always looking out for deer.
Shelby was looking forward to her school's winter break. First, though, she had to complete all of her final tests. Break would start as soon as every test was completed. Shelby worked hard and took all of her exams early. Shelby earned herself an extra two days of winter break.
Tiffany was tired to envy all her friends. She didn't have enough money to buy nice baubles like them. So she started a job on weekends and after school. When she got her first check, she went to the store. After she was beaming with her friends, showing them her new trinkets.
A man watched as a child walked out into the street. He jumped from the bench towards the child. He ran after picking up the child. A large car came to a screeching halt two feet from them. The mother of the child thanked the man.
Paul is in an orchestra. Paul plays the trumpet. Paul has a concert tonight. Paul practices trumpet for the big concert. Paul plays for 2 hours and then quits.
Ken had just bought a new computer game. But he could not get it to work! So he called a smart friend over to help him install it. His friend got it figured out in no time. Soon the two boys were gaming together happily!
Allie was excited to participate in the science fair. She was competing with her entire grade. She finally found out she won. The feeling was amazing. She won a gold medal for her efforts.
Maria was at the zoo. She was so excited seeing all of the animals. Her favorite, though, were the penguins. She went to see them, but saw that the exhibit was closed that day. She was very sad she missed them.
Debora was fishing with her father. They were on a boat in Lake Michigan. As Deborah was casting out her line, she fell into the water. Her father quickly jumped out of the boat to save her. They both got soaked from the water.
Jane couldn't afford new clothes. She started dating an older guy with money. Jane was offered all new wardrobe. Jane reluctantly agreed to the offer. She went on a fun filled shopping spree.
Buddy really wanted some quick dinner. He took out his instant ramen. He put water in the cup. He put it in the microwave. He ate it all up!
Laura's house was really hot inside. But she couldn't afford to buy another air conditioner. So she decided to have her roof painted white. After her roof was painted, her house was cooler inside. And it helped her save money in the long run.
Last Sunday, we packed five kids into the car and drove to the pool. The day was sunny and hot. The kids put on their swimsuits and splashed in the water all evening! Everyone had great fun. We'll be going back to the pool this Sunday, too!
Sally got a call from the lawyer. A long-lost relative had left her a lot of money! She went to pick up the check. Sally had so much money she didn't know what to do! She was grateful for her new fortune.
Martin played in the band. They had a gig this night. When he got into the pub, he found out he was there too early. He did not want to go back home. He ordered some food and waited.
Williams loved to drink coke a lot. He drank it almost every day. One day, he bought three bottles. He drank all three in one day. This led to Williams getting very sick.
Zach wanted to buy a skateboard. His Dad told him he did not have enough money. Later that night the family was out for dinner. Zach was at the water fountain pulling out the pennies. He said he was getting money to buy a skateboard.
Sam always wanted to be a cowboy. He booked a trip to Texas. He dressed in jean and wore boots and a hat. After some hours of flying Sam had arrived in Texas. As he got off the plane he bellowed the word howdy.
Jeanne was afraid of flying. Her family tried to get her to go on trips but could not. She was left behind from many vacations and outings. She tried going on small planes but could not. Jeanne died at 62 and never flew once.
I am on my way to pick up a brand new puppy. As I sit in the car, I wonder what we will name him. After some discussion, we finally pick a name, and it is perfect. When we arrive at the breeder, we choose which puppy we want. We chose the snuggly puppy.
Timmy looked toward the plate, his eyes on the catcher. Nodding at the sign, he tucked the baseball into his glove. Throwing the pitch, Timmy watched it cut through the air. The batter swung his bat but the ball landed in the catcher's glove. Strike three and Timmy jumped into the air celebrating the win.
Hector has always wanted to mexico. The land where his grandparents were born. So one evening while working he receives news. He and his whole family are visiting mexico next week. Hector takes time off work and visits mexico for the first time ever.
Robert finally convinced Henry to go water skiing. It's a tough decision for Henry, because he fears the water. It was a challenge, but Henry finally started to gain confidence. By the end of the day, he was falling less than Robert. Robert and Henry will go water skiing again tomorrow.
Roxy is tired of all of her clutter around her. So she made a plan to get rid of things. She decided that she'd get rid of 80% of her belongings. She spent 30 days going through her whole home. Roxy's home is now simplistic and completely decluttered.
Everyday, Andy would walk down the street. Everytime he saw a dog, he kicked it and kept walking. One day, he saw a big dog, and decided to kick it also. As soon as he lifted his leg, the dog bit it leg and left him crying. Nowadays, Andy no longer kicks dogs as he limps down the street.
Lisa was playing on the beach. She was making a sandcastle. To her surprise, a ball hit her in the face. She started bleeding. She then went to the hospital.
Tom was antique shopping. He found a nice looking watch. He bought it at a great price. Tom looked up the real prices online. It was worth about the same he paid for it.
Shane wanted to get rid of his dining set. He posted pictures of it on his social media. Many people saw Shane's dining set. A woman decided to buy the set from Shane. She drove up and picked up the set from Shane's house.
Anna was pregnant with her first child. She was having a rough time. She was very nauseous and sick all the time. But in her second trimester, she began to feel better. Soon Anna got the famous pregnancy glow!
The Newton family needed a new television. Their dog was excited playing with a ball and broke the old one. They spent all day picking a perfect flat screen at the store. They were excited to get it home. Unfortunately it lasted no more than a few hours before the dog got it
It was a chilly fall afternoon. Tabatha was raking the leaves in her front yard. She found a pregnant cat laying in a pile of leaves. She took the cat to her home to take care of it. The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house.
Brandon drank beer a lot. He was abusing alcohol. One day his liver started failing. It was because of the alcohol. He died from severe liver damage.
Nina was throwing a party for the first day of summer. But the night before, rain was forecast! Nina was glum. Then the morning of the party dawned perfectly clear. Nina was glad that the forecast had been wrong.
I went to play volleyball with my friends last night. We played on the courts at the recreational center. My friend Joey is very good at spiking the ball. I would set him the ball and he would spike it. Joey scored a lot of points last night, and I helped him!
The man went to the restaurant. He wanted fried chicken. He told the waiter. His wife corrected his order. The man got grilled chicken.
Jim worked hard as a salesman to feed his big family. He became one of the top door-to-door salesmen in the state. One day, Jim was in the middle of an aggressive sales pitch at a home. Looking around, he saw a picture of a family just like his. Jim gave the owner a box of free samples and drove away.
Danny went driving his parents car without their permission. Driving back into the driveway, he hit the mailbox. Danny put the mailbox back upright. He wasn't able to fix the bumper on the car. Danny decided to tell his parents what he did.
Greg had just been caught at school with a cigarette. His dad was picking him up from school. In the car, Greg and his dad argued loudly. Greg decided to pretend to apologize. He felt bad for lying but at least it ended the fight quickly.
Kyra was leaving her toys around. Her room was a mess. Kyra's mom was tired of the mess. Her mom packaged up a lot of the toys. She donated the toys.
Tom kept missing magazine subscriptions. He asked the mail system about it. Unfortunately the didn't know what was happening. Tom decided to stay up and keep an eye out. It was a neighbor taking them mags.
Max and his dad went to craft day at the hardware store. Max got a free apron with his name written on it. Max and his dad built a birdhouse together. It was a fun bonding experience for them. Max proudly hung his bird house in the back yard.
Jeff learned guitar. He practiced for years. He formed a band at last. They got really popular. He made his own signature guitars.
I pretended I wasn't getting my text messages. I didn't want to answer anything I got from the man. I didn't trust him. I told my husband about getting multiple texts from the stranger. He advised me to block the texts, and I did.
Dan's brother was getting a divorce. His brother couldn't keep the dog. Dan wasn't happy. Dan's parents decided to take the dog. Dan was very happy.
I had a long exam in the morning. However, I wanted to watch football tonight. I watched the full game. After the game, I hurriedly crammed for the exam. Luckily, I passed the exam with flying colors.
Tom and Mary shared a car. One day, Tom drove the car to run an errand. Mary needed the car to go to school, but the car was not available. Mary was angry at Tom. Tom bought himself a car.
Two friends were debating who were society's heroes. One person argued for firefighters and police officers. The other pointed to teachers and social workers. The third friend cleared his throat and pointed out something. He said parents were the only ones who weren't paid for their heroism.
Judy woke up early one morning to clean her bathroom. She reached under the cabinet to find a sponge but it was not there. She checked all over the house and found the sponge under the bed. Judy had no idea how the sponge got there but she was happy. She cleaned the entire bathroom with the sponge that went missing.
Brad had trained for the sprint. Brad was nervous. Today was the race. Brad ran the race. He got first place.
One weekend i went to the Flea Market. I hope to find four table chairs. I bought four chairs. One of the chairs didn't matched. The chair that didn't matched worth five thousand dollars.
I was at the park the other day. A hobo asked me to play a game of chess with him. I politely declined. He asked if I was afraid to lose to him. I let him know it was actually because of his smell.
Tim loved living a healthy life. He wanted to improve his health further. He consulted a nutritionist. He leaned that Wheatgrass is the most nutritious grass. He began consuming it and felt his health improve.
Justin knew it was time for upgrade. He was having a baby with his girlfriend. His old car was with him since he turned 18. It was very hard for him to sell. Justin finally sold the car to move on with his life.
The heater at Bobby's house didn't work. It was very cold. Bobby spent a few nights at his friend's house. He saved up money to fix the heater. Bobby called a repairman to fix the heater.
Fred has always wanted to join the army. At the age of 16 a recruiter talked to him about joining. He decided to enlist shortly after high school. He made it through bootcamp and was immediately promoted. He's now apart of the special forces and loves his job.
Nick entered a talent show at his school. He practiced singing the Star Spangled Banner at home. On the day of the talent show he went on stage first. Nick sang the song perfectly. The crowd clapped loudly and gave a standing ovation.
Ted grew up playing outdoors. He had a lot of fun exploring nature. Him and his friends would play in the mud. They spent most of their formative years in nature. Ted grew to love nature passionately as an adult.
Missy was dressed as a vampire for Halloween. She was wearing red contacts that were giving her a headache. She decided to look up the issue online. Luckily she found all sorts of good advice for dealing with the pain. With the tips in hand, she was able to alleviate the pain.
Jane never bought a lottery ticket, but today she felt lucky. She stopped at the corner store and got a scratch off ticket. She got in her car and used a quarter in the console to scratch it. She matched the numbers correctly and was amazed she had won. She went back in the store to claim her $1000 prize.
Hank raised his fist, ready to smash in Clyde's face. Clyde crouched down and prepared to be hit. Hank just stood there, with his fist hanging in the air. He lowered it abruptly. Hank had realized in that moment that hurting people was wrong.
Two friends banded together to go to the supermarket. The bought the biggest quantity of every item they needed. At the register they split the cost between them. They took the food home and split it evenly. The friends were very happy because they saved so much money.
It was Jill's first time babysitting for the Smiths. She thought they seemed like a really wonderful family. Their children behaved well for her all night. She found a very explicit photo when she snooped around their bedroom. Jill couldn't look in them in the eyes when they paid her.
Carol woke up to use the restroom at night. She tried to turn the light on. Unfortunately it didn't work. The light bulb was broken. Carol had to move around in the dark.
Bradley is 16 years old. Bradley really wants a job to make extra money. Bradley applies to a local retail store. Bradley is interviewed by the manager. Bradley gets the job.
The people at my work decided to start an NCAA competition. There was no money involved, only a bobblehead trophy and pride. I knew nothing about college basketball, so I picked teams randomly. The playoffs wore on, and all my teams won! I took home my bobblehead, which still sits on my desk to this day.
Eddie was meeting his friends at the mall. He got a flat tire along the way. Eddie fixed his flat tire. He called his friends to tell them he would be late. Eddie got to the mall late to meet his friends.
Julian was at work. His boss burst into the room and began berating him. He was getting sick of his boss's behavior. He was always randomly blaming issues on people. Suddenly, Julian told his boss that he quit.
Laura was raking the leaves. She had assembled a large pile. She jumped into the huge pile of leaves. Laura got mud and dirt all in her mouth. She quickly spit out the grime onto the ground.
Our cat, Smudge, had a swollen face. We took Smudge to the vet to find out what was wrong. The vet looked in Smudge's mouth. He found that he had a broken tooth. Smudge had to have an operation to remove the broken tooth.
Jackson was hungry for a milkshake. He decided he wanted to make a chocolate milkshake. Jackson got all of the ingredients to put into the blender. He mixed all of the ingredients and poured it into a big glass. Jackson drank the delicious chocolate milkshake.
Charlie feels like he's down on his luck. Nothing has been going his way lately. He decided to try his luck on a lotto ticket. With large anticipation, he scratched the numbers. He didn't win anything.
Brian had to work on the first day of deer season. He really wanted to go hunting instead. Brian called in sick the night before. His boss found out that Brian went hunting. Brian was suspended the next day.
Jody went to see a fortune teller. Jody sat at a table with a crystal ball on it. The fortune teller told Jody that she would come into some money. Jody laughed because she didn't believe her. Outside Jody laughed again because she found a penny on the sidewalk.
Tobias finally got the courage up. He went up and asked June to dance. She agreed. They danced all night. Tobias and June had a great time at the dance.
My friend Jill thinks she can do a lot of things. One day we were eating cherries together. She said she could tie the cherry stem in a knot in her mouth. I didn't believe her, so I challenged her to do so. She tried to do so, and the stem accidentally flew out of her mouth.
Tom got his coffee every morning before work. Tom got this coffee from the same Starbucks each morning. Doing this, Tom developed a friendship with the barista. One morning Tom learned the following day was the barista's birthday. Tom left her a one hundred dollar tip for her birthday!
Bobby stared at his writing assignment. He had to write a paragraph about something he liked. Chewing his pen, he tried to think. Suddenly, a car sped by, giving him an idea. Grinning, he began to write about his dreams of being a NASCAR driver.
Maggie wanted to become a great scientist one day. No one expected much of her though.q. She always got the lowest grades. She tried very hard on her science exam and got an A. So people started to respect Maggie.
A group of mentally-handicapped people formed a cult. They decided they understood some basic truths about life. To placate the morons, the rest of society indulged their fantasies. They went around harassing people to encourage motivation. Unfortunately, this led to several murders per week nationwide.
She waited for him all night. When he finally got home, she confronted him. He plunged in the sofa listening to her, obviously uninterested. She rambled on and on. After two hours, he took his suitcase and left.
It was kelsi's best friend's birthday tomorrow. As a gift, she decided to bake her a cake. She got all the ingredients together. After she baked it she put it in a box. When her friend got the cake she was elated.
Connie started to get headaches in school. Her mom was very worried. She took Connie to the doctor. The doctor reassured them that Connie just needed glasses. Connie was glad that nothing was seriously wrong.
Erin loved growing vegetables. She planted a large garden. She watched the plants grow for a few months. She finally had some crops to pick! She loved eating things she had grown herself.
Our family went to the beach. We started to explore. We found a cave. My dad went in first. He came out scared of what was inside.
Yesterday I felt very sick. I lay in bed and watched television but I was hungry. I made myself some chicken soup. The soup was delicious. When I tasted the soup it made me feel slightly better.
Eric was at a party. And he was offered lots of food to take home. But for next few day, it was too hot to reheat any of it. So he chose to eat it while it was cold. Eric lived off the cold leftovers for 4 days.
Bob liked to keep a diary. One day, his friend found out. His friend told the other kids at school. The kids laughed at Bob for having a diary. Bob didn't care and continued to use his diary.
Nev needed a suit jacket for a fancy event. He did not own one. He decided to borrow one from his dad. He tried it on, thinking it would not fit. But to his surprise, it fit perfectly fine!
Danny was making breakfast for his wife. This was Danny's first time making breakfast for his wife. He was going to make scrambled eggs with toast. In the process, the eggs and the toast were burnt. The breakfast was a total disaster.
Allie loved makeup. She went to the store try to some on. She painted a lot of foundation on. Allie looked in the mirror. She was shocked at how good she looked.
Joan grew up in a rich family. But she was rebellious and acted out. Her mother had a cotillion planned for her one night. Joan arrived, but hated her dress. She ripped her dress off and flashed her shorts to everyone!
Harry was in the 3rd grade. He had a project due on Monday. He was supposed to build a model of a California mission. Harry waited until the last minute and couldn't finish in time. He wound up getting a D on his mission project.
Shelly went to the laundry room to do her laundry. She sorted the dirty laundry into colors. She put the colors in different washers and put coins in to pay. She dried the clothes and folded them. She went home.
Jay called in a local plumber to take a look at his broken toilet. The plumber started working, taking the toilet apart. Unfortunately, he forgot to turn off the water supply. Within minutes, there was water everywhere. The entire bathroom had been flooded.
Michele came to the man's rescue. The man felt relieved. He held Michele closely. She like that feeling. Together they figured out a solution.
Ben is a very smart high school student. He won the science fair with a computer he built himself. His teacher told him he could make a lot of money with his brains. She gave him a college brochure to look at. Ben attended a university and majored in computer science.
The Kruger family were on vacation. They saw a flyer for ziplining and decided to try it. They arrived at the place and put on their harnesses. They went up in the trees to the zipline platform. Off they went, what fun!
Matt asked me to help him fix his friends motorhome. I went over to see if I could fix it. It was running pretty rough after they put a lot of new parts on. I found they put the plug wires on wrong so I fixed them. I started it up and now it runs pretty good for how old it is.
Lee and Craig each wanted to watch a different show on the television. The argued over whose show would be seen first. Lee suggested they flip a coin. The coin toss won Craig first dibs on the television. They happily watched Craig's show.
Tom experienced neck pain. He visited a chiropractor. The chiropractor performed adjustments on him. The chiropractor gave him medicine. The doctors treatment eliminated Tom's neck pain.
Ken's relationship had several problems. He felt that things couldn't get fixed. Ken decided to break up with his girlfriend. His girlfriend understood his position. She agreed with the decision to break up.
Jane was so happy to almost be done with their zoo visit. She had wheeled her toddler around the entire zoo by herself. Suddenly, they realized that her toddler's stuffed bear was missing! Reluctantly, Jane retraced their steps. An exhausted Jane almost cried when they finally found the bear.
Billy was making tacos one day. He was browning the beef when he bent over to tie his shoe. His arm hit the pan as he was going down. The ground beef flew all over the place. Billy got fast food that night.
A Shepherd named James had 100 sheep. He counted his sheep one morning and 5 were missing. He found a wolf den in the north corner of the pasture. The zoo was happy to capture the rare animals. James' sheep were safe from predators once more.
Andy was a referee for a softball game. As Andy was standing by first base, he got hit by a pitch. Andy's eyes were burning, and began to bleed. Andy decided he would call for medical help to tend to his eyes. Andy was glad that a medical team was there to take care of him.
Ty was a heavy smoker. He needed to quit for his health. He joined a quit club at work. All the guys encouraged each other. they helped To quit smoking for good!
Julia was cooking pasta last night for herself. She put in all the ingredients in the pot and walked away. She turned on the television and forgot about her food. To her dismay the sauce splattered out of the pot and onto the floor. Furious, Julia spent ten minutes cleaning it all up.
Bill likes fishing. He liked to fish in a nearby lake that wasn't far from his home. Bill was fishing when his hook got stuck in a root. Bill went into the water to get it out of the root. He was able to unhook his line and continue fishing.
Steven was scared of a girl named Kate. Kate would pick on Steven so much, he cried. One day, Steven realized that he didn't want to be scared anymore. Steven started to practice standing up for himself with his brother. When Steven saw Kate next, he stood up for himself.
I bought a brand new convertible. It took up every cent I owned. I drove it everywhere. However, I couldn't pay my rent. So I sold the car so I would have a place to stay.
Bjorn was a Viking. He sailed the sea with his crew. Bjorn and his crew were in search of a new land. One day land was spotted on the horizon. The crew of Vikings made landfall in England.
Sarah was walking her dog around the neighborhood. The dog found a small chicken bone under a bush. Sarah rushed  to pull the bone out of the dog's mouth. The dog ate the bone before Sarah could grab it. Sarah realized she needed to train her dog to drop items on command.
Police were examining the crime scene. They were trying to find important evidence. They took away important items. They cataloged them all carefully. They were determined to solve this crime.
Alex's went to a Christmas carnival with her parents. They wanted to get a photo of her riding a camel. She didn't want to, but she finally agreed. As she was getting on, her phone fell out of her pocket. The screen cracked as it hit the ground.
Kevin fell asleep one night but woke to a nightmare. Flames were all around him, everywhere! Suddenly a fireman pushed into the room and picked him up. He carried Kevin out of the house and dumped him on the lawn. The fireman had saved Kevin's life and extinguished the fire.
I was in the bathroom one morning getting ready for work. While standing in front of the mirror, I began to brush me teeth. When I finished brushing my teeth, I reached for my medication. After I grabbed the bottle, I spilled pills into my sink. The pills fell into the drain, and I had to call in for replacements.
I was walking outside one day. I passed a watermelon stand. A man was selling watermelons for 100 dollars each. At first, I laughed at how expensive they were. When I tasted how sweet they were, I bought five of them.
My son was trying to get me interested in rap music. He played a couple of songs in the car. I listened intently to both songs. I turned off the stereo. It was quiet for a long time.
Rose has a terrible roommate. She was always very mean. Rose was sick of it. She decided to move in with me. Now she is very happy!
I went to the baseball game My favorite pitcher was playing he gave up a lot of home runs He was pulled from the game I left disappointed
I went to Carlsbad Caverns with my friends. We were standing in the quiet cave with some other tourists. Then, we heard a loud smack and a child crying. He had fallen down on the path! I laughed, and then I felt like a bad person for laughing.
Shawn is out shopping one day. He needed a good pair of jeans at the Mall. After buying his jeans he walks by an animal shop and sees a dog. Shawn falls in love with the dog at the store. Shawn buys the dog and the two become best friends.
He came crawling out of the brush slowly. His patient steps bringing him closers to the children. He was a common slider turtle. The children picked him up with excitement. They ran with him to their parents to show them.
Sean was having a slow day at work. He tried busying himself with little tasks but none were useful. He was so bored that he even had time to read on his phone. Finally the end of the day began to approach. Sean almost couldn't believe he hoped for a busy next day.
Jamie's parents gave him a dollar for each lost tooth. One day, Jamie felt a loose tooth in his mouth. He thought about what a dollar could buy. He tied a string to the tooth and yanked it. Jamie's parents found a bloody tooth on a string under his pillow.
It was a busy day at the office. Jim need to make some copies of papers. The copier was broken. Jim called up technical support. Jim had to wait an hour before someone came to fix the copier.
I walked into the house. My arms were loaded with groceries. I tried to put them down in the dining room. I looked up and saw a sagging hole in the ceiling. I sat down on the floor with the groceries and cried.
Kerry had a party to attend. She was so worried about what she would wear. She went to her favorite boutique and looked around. After some time, she found a lovely dress. She bought the dress and wore it to the party.
Hank was feeling tense all day. He could not take the pain anymore. He drove to a massage parlor. Hank asked for a two hour massage. Afterwards he felt much better.
Gus attempted to tie his shoes. He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt. He looked at his work to understand what happened. Gus undid his laced and gave it another try. He pulled again and the laces got taunt.
Toby and his Dad didn't get to see each other a lot. They were both sad about this. However, when they did see each other they liked to play catch. Toby's dad was able to come over one night. They played for hours having a lot of fun that night.
Tommi has a beautiful fluffy Pomeranian. She and her dog live in Texas and the summers are hot, too hot. Tommi knows Sammy the dog is miserable with all that hair. She calls local groomers but they are all booked and charge too much. Tommi decides to buy some clippers and cut Sammys hair herself.
Duncan was finding hosts for his weekly radio show. He searched every government building and couldn't find anyone worthy! While he was nervously panicking he thought of something genius! He invited his mom onto the show for a family episode. The show was a huge success and his mom was very happy after.
The boat trailer was weak from the salt water. One tire was flat so they were careful taking it to the launch. They took a bend too fast on the way back with the boat. The axle missed the turn and broke in half. The trailer and boat tipped onto the road.
Kyle's school announced a science fair for his grade. Kyle went home and found a subject to cover. He bought the supplies and prepared his presentation. Kyle brought his project to school on the day of the fair. When the event was over, Kyle placed third.
I bought a new pair of shoes online. I waited eagerly for them to arrive. When the delivery came, I was ecstatic. I opened the box and pulled the shoes out. In the end I was disappointed, because I had expected better quality.
Susie was an intelligent girl. She had big dreams of becoming a doctor one day. Sadly her parents couldn't afford to send her to college. Susie worked hard and earned the best grades she could. Her hard work paid off and she received a full scholarship.
Bobby's friend Stan bet him he could not skateboard down the big hill. He hadn't done it before but he wasn't afraid. Well, he wasn't afraid until he was at the top of the hill. He wasn't about to chicken out so he pushed himself forward. He made it to the bottom without falling!
Jack was visiting his grandparents for Christmas. He walked into their house and saw a toy train. He started to play with the train. Suddenly, the train became derailed. He quickly picked it up and reset it.
Adam was a banker. He was good at his job. One day he was caught goofing off at work. His boss warned him. Adam continued to do it and was eventually fired.
Nora loves soccer. Her team made it to the team championships. They practiced late everyday. The day of the tournament they were really nervous. They won first place!
Andrew had worked hard building his house. His only regret was not having a fireplace. He decided to add one on. It took a few weeks, but finally he finished it. He couldn't wait to have the first fire of the year!
Peely Steel like to play shooter games. His ability to predict his opponent was his best skill. He outsmarted and outmaneuvered dozens of teams. Until one day he was caught betting on himself to lose. Now he's banned from tournament play for life.
Ida wanted to make a volcano for her science fair project. She went online and looked up instructions. Then she carefully crafted her project. On science fair day, her volcano really erupted! Ida impressed her teachers with her great project.
Nicole was excited that Mike asked her to the prom. Nicole said yes but realized that she would need to get a dress. Nicole and her friends went to a dress shop downtown. Nicole tried on several different dresses until she found the one. Nicole purchased the dress to wear to the prom with Mike.
Rob played football since the age of five. In high school, his coach named him the star quarterback. During his first game, the threw three interceptions. The crowd booed him as he walked off the field. Rob went home and wallowed in self pity.
Miranda needed a new moisturizer. Her skin was always dry. When she found one she scooped it up. She put it on all over. It looked great.
Jill wanted to take her daughter ally shoe shopping. The two of them went to Steve Madden on fifth avenue to look. As soon as they walked in, ally grabbed about four pairs of shoes. Each one fit perfectly. Jill ended up buying all of them for her.
Randy wanted to become a chef. He started taking classes at the local college. They started him out on learning to make salads. He got so good at making salads he started working at a restaurant. He got so good that people from all over came to eat his salads.
Shirley wanted to try online dating. She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds. This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies. She asked to see Shirley's online profile as proof. Shirley deleted the profile instead.
Tom and Mary ended their relationship after several Year's. They were dividing the things they bought together. They both wanted the bed they bought and couldn't who should get it. They flipped a coin where heads would give it to Tom. It landed on tails so Mary got to keep it.
Dan played shooter games every day. He was convinced that he played to a professional standard. He entered a competition to play the best players in his state. Out of thousands of players, he got into the top 200. He got knocked out of the competition soon after.
Nan left Oklahoma City on a cold Saturday morning. She was driving to New Mexico to see her daughter and family. On the way she saw many cloud formations and took a few pictures. When she got to her daughter's house she shared the pictures. The family made a game out of finding pictures in the clouds.
Jenna was expecting her second child. She needed more space but they couldn't afford it. Suddenly, days before her due date, an apartment opened up. They applied and got it. They moved to the bigger place just in time for their new baby.
The circus was in town and Abbie was going. She couldn't wait to see all of the acts. She was enthralled the entire two hours. Her favorites were the animal acts, especially the elephants. The dogs jumping rope were entertaining, too.
I was in a rush to get to work. I was driving my car on a road. The car in front of me was slow as heck. I was getting aggravated and honked my horn. I finally passed up the car and go figure it was old people.
Amy loved old music. She was excited to see a record shop open in her town. Amy decided to visit the record store. She browsed the store for a half hour. Amy ended up buy four vinyl records and plans to return to the store.
The garage door on my new house wasn't automatic. It was a hassle to open and close all the time. You need to have a separate entry to install an electric garage door. Our garage doesn't have one. We still have to manually open and close the door all the time.
Tom was going on a date. The girl was apparently nervous about it. She was drunk by the time Tom met her. Tom tried to talk to her but it was near impossible. He had to cancel the date early.
With a deadline fast approaching, Kristen had to get down to work. However, she had a serious case of writer's block. In an attempt to clear it up, she took her dog for a walk in the park. As she strolled she could feel her mind clear and relax. Upon returning home she was able to complete her paper in record time.
Alan was feeding some bread to the geese. He threw all the bread he had brought. When he ran out, a goose approached him, honking. The goose began to attack him and chase him! Alan ran away quickly, screaming for help!
John had a bit of a gambling problem. He bet more money than he should nearly every time. Fortunately John was a lucky man who rarely lost. Feeling good about this he bet his life savings on a Roulette game. He was crushed to have lost everything.
Katherine was trying to change the channel She couldn't find the remote anywhere. She searched all over her apartment for it. The last place she looked was behind the couch. Somehow the remote had ended up there.
Jennie and Tom has been together for five years with three kids. Jennie recently started feeling distant from Tom and the kids. She went to therapy and talked about how she was feeling. She was prescribed Anti-depressants for a month. Tom found out that Jennie cheated on him with his brother.
Blake wanted to throw a party, but didn't have much money. He wanted to do something fun, though. He saw an ad from someone throwing out thousands of balloons. He blew up so many balloons that there was barely any room for people. His party was a hit with people getting lost in all the balloons.
A bee landed on Martha's nose. Martha was scared , but held still. The bee sat there for awhile as if Martha was a flower. Martha didn't breathe a word. Finally the bee flew away and Martha sighed with relief.
Patty was going to a football game. She pulled into the arena and found a parking spot. She made the long walk up the steps. She finally found her seat in the bleachers. Patty couldn't wait to watch the game!
Martha wanted to whiten her teeth. At first she was scared. Then she went for it. Unfortunately she got bad tooth sensitivity. She could never use it again.
The officer was looking at Roxanne with expectation. Roxanne blushed and muttered an excuse. The officer asked her to be more blunt. Roxanne, eventually admitted to having stolen the candy in the store. But as the store owner didn't press charges, she was released.
Beth's garbage disposal was making a weird noise. She didn't know anything about fixing one and was at a loss. She told the man next door, who seemed nice, and he offered to help. He fixed it easily and to show her appreciation, she offered dinner. He accepted and they hit if off, after which he asked her out.
It was my turn to look for everyone. Before looking in the obvious places, I searched other places. These places were tough hiding spots such as the oven. I found my sister, followed by my aunt. I heard some noise coming from the shower, so I walked to it.
Jerry was in the market for a new cell phone He was debating between Android and IOS operating systems. He decided to save money and choose the Android system. He bought a brand new phone that performed similarly to the Iphone. Jerry was very pleased with his new Android phone.
Jill wanted write a story. She was having trouble finding a story. She asked a friend for inspiration. Her friend helped her. Jill wrote a great story.
A family settled on a hotel. They got there the next day. Their bags were picked up for them. The lobby was their first view. They thought it was amazing.
Alma was home alone. She had just watched a scary movie. Alma heard a noise outside. She became nervous. Alma called her boyfriend to stay with her.
The shower head broke off of the shower today! Kramer was using it and all of a sudden, it burst. He had to turn the water off quickly. He called a plumber because he didn't know what to do. The plumber came and fixed it.
Charles loved to sail and swim. He was so happy when he made a friend who had a boat. They met in Geology class. Charles boarded his new friend's boat and they went sailing. Charles gave his new friend the name Captain Jim.
Two men were preparing dinner for themselves. One grabbed some potatoes to throw in the oven. The other warned him to poke them with a fork, lest they explode. The first man refused, saying that he had baked countless potatoes. The potatoes, of course, exploded in the oven a short while later.
Valentine's Day is one of the most romantic days of the year. Everyone goes all out to make it special for their loves. I made sure to make it extra special and have a big plan. I bought rose petals to put everywhere, and her favorite champagne. When she arrived home she was so surprised and thought it was great.
Amy was making a new dress for a party. She visited the fabric store and bought new fabric. She didn't bring her notes and guessed at how much fabric she needed. Amy laid out her pattern and began to cut the fabric. To her horror the fabric was off by 6" and she couldn't make the dress.
Dan loved art. He started a pottery class at a local college. He learned to make a bowl and a vase. He gave them to his mom for Christmas. Dan was eager to learn how to make other items as well.
Ted was in the market for a new car. He browsed craigslist for months. He found a really great deal on a car. He acted quick and offered cash for lower than the asking price. Ted was able to purchase the car for a low price.
Mandy was driving too fast on an icy road. He skidded off the corner of a curve. Because of how fast he was going, he hit a tree very hard. Mandy was thrown through his windshield from the force. Mandy's seat belt still contained some of his body afterwards.
Matt was visiting his uncle for the first time. He wasn't familiar with the city at all. Matt relied on his GPS and it told him where to turn. Matt's car ended up in a ditch. His uncle found him and helped him out.
The grass was starting to get too tall. The dog was eating the weeds. Every time we went outside, she would chew them. It seemed to keep her stomach from getting sick as much. We decided to leave a patch just for her.
Debra used to eat ramen packets of soup all the time. She started dating a food connoisseur. Her date introduced her to using ramen noodles to make better soup. Debra greatly enjoyed the complex soups she could now make. Debra still occasionally made simple soup when she was feeling lazy.
I've been writing stories in a journal. I like that it makes my writing highly mobile. It also feels authentic because it is an older style. But I also find that I write much slower this way. I may have to seek a screened device I can write on as a compromise.
My wife cooked beans and franks the other day. She heated up a can of beans. She burned the dogs and had to cook them again. We had a good meal. I used to cook but am now disabled.
Lucy was having a baby shower. Yet she did not tell her friends what she was having. She kept it a surprise. Therefore when they found out she was having a boy they freaked. Everyone was very excited.
The kids liked hiking. They went to a park that had lots of caves. They explored them until they stumbled on some cave drawings. These were incredible! They ran to tell a park ranger what they had found.
We were all hungry for dinner. Mom said she was too tired to cook. Dad doesn't cook. I suggested we order food from out. We all agreed on pizza.
Misty woke up to find her computer had crashed. When she tried to turn it on, it didn't work. Misty called her boyfriend in a panic. She had a lot of files on it that she needed. He was able to fix it, reminding her to always backup her files.
Bill was very interested in runes. He bought a book and studied very hard. Bill became an expert on runes with many years of practice. Now archaeologists pay him for his help with identifying symbols. Bill loves trotting the globe looking at ancient runes.
Little Connie was so ready for Christmas. She knew she would get many toys. On Christmas Eve night, she snuck downstairs. She looked at all her presents that weren't wrapped yet and ran back. On Christmas, she fooled her parents and pretended to be surprised.
Peter and Robin had been trying for a baby for Years. They became frustrated and tried IVF as well. That didn't work either. They finally broke down and adopted a new born baby. This made their family complete.
Sally hurt Betty's feelings. She actually felt really bad. She went up to Betty to say something. She offered her apology. Betty accepted it.
I remember being young and going to New England. We would go to Boston for a day or two. Another day or two we may head up to Cape Cod. But we would typically go to the Ocean Spray factory. I always loved tasting and sampling all their drinks.
Jim was a picky eater. His friends always liked to go to fancy restaurants. One day they ordered an appetizer of calamari. He wanted to try it. He actually found out he liked it.
It was Halloween. Allie and her friends went trick or treating together. When they rang the bells they took so much candy. The neighbor's were not thrilled. They took far too much.
Mercedes wanted to sing a song at work. It was for the talent show. At the last second, she got nervous. She stood in the back of the room to sing. Everyone had to contain their laughter.
Albert went down to the race track. He set himself up on the blocks. He knelt down and waited for the signal. The signal gun went off, spewing smoke into the air. And thus, Albert began his race.
Ian was walking home from school. And he passed by a car repair shop. He heard an extremely loud explosion. It was a car tire that popped. Afterwards, Ian heard a ringing noise that never went away.
Bob was a blues singer from Tuscon. He sang about how his wife left him. Alice was moved by his beautiful sad song. The two went on a date and hit it off. And Bob's career was prematurely ended.
I like to keep up with video games. Today, I discovered a new mmorpg. I watched gameplay videos to see if I would like it. The game looked great! I downloaded it to try out.
Clayton is an actor. He has the lead role in the school musical. While performing on opening night, Clayton forgot his line. A supporting character said it for him. Everyone congratulated the supporting character instead of Clayton.
Early one morning Becky noticed she did not have internet. She went to her uncle's only to discover he didn't have internet. So Becky decided to go to McDonald's to use their internet. She got there only to discover they didn't have internet either. Becky was so lost the day there was no internet.
Dianne worked as a waitress at a pizza restaurant. The table she was working at ordered two pizzas. Dianne dropped one of the pizzas walking out the kitchen. The kitchen began to make a replacement right away. The manager gave Dianne's table a free dessert and breadsticks.
Bill was an attractive man. He noticed that he was balding. He felt a sudden rush of anxiety. He decided to just shave his head. He felt and looked much better after shaving.
Jared was hungry one day while on a walk. He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in. Jared walked into the line and waited to order. When Jared finally placed an order, confetti filled the room. The manager told Jared that he won a random large cash prize.
Tom found a letter in his mailbox. It was addressed to his neighbor. He went next door and gave his neighbor the letter. His neighbor was very grateful. Tom and his neighbor became good friends.
Anna was growing a fern. She started it from a spore. It grew in a tiny pot. Then she transferred it to the ground. There it blossomed!
My favorite cartoon was called Duck Man. I stayed up in the middle of the night to see it. I felt it was an oddity for its time. I knew I wasn't allowed to watch, so I did so quietly. I continued to watch until it stopped airing.
Several posters were posted on the bulletin board in the hallway. It says that the senior prom is within the next week. It also reminded everyone to find a partner. I thought of one friend and approached her. After asking her out to the prom, she said yes.
Paul had a problem with drugs. His Father was very concerned for him. He put him in a rehab center to get help. Paul stayed there for sixty days. He learned how bad drugs really were and never did them again.
James loves softball. He plays softball five or six nights a week. His wife gets mad that he is gone playing softball so much. He ignores his wife when she tries to talk to him about it. James continues to play softball.
Johnny usually skipped breakfast before going to work. However, he was finding that he felt hungry later in the day. Today he decided to make two scrambled eggs for breakfast. Eating breakfast helped Johnny feel great for the entire day. He decided never to skip breakfast again.
Tom was going to get a glass of water. Before drinking it he noticed how dirty it was. Tom ran the water for a while and it always came out dirty. He called the local water department to let them know. They sent out a team to fix the problem the next day.
A-Rod has been with the Yankees since 2004. He was traded from Texas to play third base for the Yankees. He helped win them a championship in 2009. Unfortunately he will always be remembered for his steroid use. But now he is retiring and can move on to coaching.
Susie was learning to ice skate. She bought it would be easy. But she learned it was the quite the contrary. She was nervous about falling. So she held on the wall the entire time.
The girl loved listening to music. She would crank it up while she cleaned her room. Her mom would yell at her to turn it down. But she insisted that the music made her work faster. By the time the fifth song was over, her room was clean!
When I was 16 I wanted to get my driver's license. I went to the department of motor vehicles and took a written test. After passing the test, I had to practice for the driving test. When it was time for the driving test, I passed but just barely. Any passing grade is enough to get the license, so I was happy!
Laura was playing in the snow. She was making snow angels. Afterwards, she built a large snowman in her front yard. She went inside when the sun started to set. She made herself a big cup of hot chocolate afterwards.
Ned has some mud on his feet from playing outside today. He decides to clean his feet. Ned gives both of his feet a thorough washing. He feels much better afterwards. Ned is happy he doesn't have muddy feet any longer.
First thing in the morning, the internet was slow. We couldn't get logged in to start working. We tried everything we could think of. Then we found out the servers were down. We lost a lot of income that day.
Tim was walking to work. He accidentally stepped in a puddle. His socks got soaked. Tim felt really gross and decided to change them. He bought a new pair at the store.
Iving usually took his lunch to the office. He kept his lunch in the break room refrigerator. Someone kept stealing Irving's lunch from the refrigerator. He decided to go out to eat instead of eating lunch at the office. By dining out at lunch, Irving ended up eating more and gained weight.
Jen ordered a hamburger from a fast food place. She asked for no mayo. When she got home, her burger was covered in mayo. Jen had to remove all the mayo herself. She vowed to never go back to the fast food place.
Recently, it was very cold outside. Then, it began to rain. Suddenly, my roommate told me to look outside. It was snowing! It was beautiful.
Don had a long drive ahead of him. He turned on his radio station and listened to the radio host. The radio host told funny stories and interesting anecdotes. Don smiled and kept driving. The commute was much easier with the radio keeping him company.
Tony was in a book reading competition. He would read one book every day. At the end of the competition the judges tallied the results. Tony won the competition. Tony won free books for a year from a local book store.
Cara had been faithful to her boyfriend tommy. They had been together for 2 years. Never once did they cheat on each other. One night Cara met up with an ex boyfriend Richard. She still had feelings for him and was all alone with Him.
Andrew was horrible at golf. Him and his buddies played every Friday. Andrew would always lose. So Andrew practice his golf skills and got better. Andrew won the recent game against his friends.
Tommy was a well-liked kid. He did well in school. Tommy was the teacher's pet. One day Tommy said a bad word in class. The teacher could not believe it and sent Tommy home.
Despite spending hours on his homework, Ollie still wasn't finished. The task was to complete 10 algebra questions. Rather than researching the answer, Ollie guessed the answer. To his amazement, he got 3 right. This wasn't enough for a pass though, and he had to retake the test.
Ed had a heart attack. He was rushed to the hospital. There, the doctors told him he had to change his life. He had to eat healthier and cut out junk food. Ed agreed, fearful for his health.
Jon was ten years old when his parents showed him a special movie. The movie was called The Elephant Man. Jon felt such compassion for the character in the film! Jon swore to himself that he would never say a cruel word to anyone. Jon is now fifty, and he has kept the promise he made to himself.
Jerry was guilted into going to his aunt's funeral. He barely knew her. Once there he didn't recognize anybody. He eventually realized he was at the wrong funeral. He wound up missing the proper one entirely.
One day Zak went to Miami. First he went to Jungle Island. Then he went to Villa Vizcaya. Finally he went to the Miami Seaquarium. He had a super fun day.
Troy had a new puppy. The puppy was Troy's best friend. Troy walked the puppy every day after school. One day, the puppy was nowhere to be found. Troy searched everywhere, but could not find the puppy.
Brett gets home from school. Brett decides to play video games. Brett plays his favorite game for 5 hours. Brett breaks his controller because he was angry. Brett decides not to play again for a while.
Will stood in line at the cafe counter. He stepped forward and ordered his favorite sandwich. He patted his back pocket and frowned. Will had forgotten his wallet. He left the cafe without a sandwich.
Joe was forty years old and had been in prison for eight years. The last thing he wanted to do was get in trouble. But, after an argument with his mom, he went to a bar. At the bar he had a fight and his arm was broken. He came home the following day and his mother fussed about his arm.
It was late afternoon and I was driving home. I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction. It landed on the road before me, I had to drive over it. It got caught in the back tire axle of my car. It seized my tires, but luckily I called my husband and he saved me!
Christian's school was having a dance. He wanted to go but didn't know who to ask. He was standing the hallway when Amanda came up to him. She asked him if he wanted to go with her to the dance. He accepted her offer and they went to the dance together.
Billy watched his chef at work cut some carrots. Chef chopped the carrots super fast. Billy was knife skills were slow. He started practicing chopping at home everyday for an hour. In six weeks, he was cutting just as fast as his chef.
Justin had bought a new movie. His brother wanted to borrow the movie. Justin lent the movie to his brother. His brother kept the movie for months. When Justin asked, his brother admitted he lost the movie.
Isabel loved her father, even after he divorced her mother. Then Isabel's father started dating a younger woman Isabel's age. Isabel tolerated this, but she wasn't happy about the situation. Then Isabel's father decided to marry the younger woman. This was the final straw, and Isabel no longer talks to her father.
My daughter used to live in Brighton, MA. She now lives in Queens. She is coming to visit her old girlfriends. I bought 4 copies of the novel Brighton. She is going to hand them out to her friends.
I walked all the way down the hill. The basketball goal was at the edge of the woods. The woods were the beginning of a drop off. My ball had bounced down the hill. It was a basketball.
Chris was afraid he would never fall in love after his divorce. He thought there would be no single women in his small town. One day he met a nice nurse at the same hospital where he worked. They fell in love and eventually married. Chris was very happy that he finally found love again.
The teacher took her students to the library. They lined up in order to get their photos taken. When Halle was told to smile, she felt scared. She was shy around the adults. Eventually, she was able to smile.
Celine couldn't find her diamond ring anywhere. She'd been wearing it last night, she was sure. Celine mentally retraced her steps. The drinking and the best they'd made suddenly came back to her. Celine's stomach flip flopped as she remembered where her ring was.
I once lived with someone who I considered a friend. We moved in together shortly after high school. Over time they became less of a friend. When I decided to move they decided to steal all the lightbulbs. It was a very petty end to a friendship.
Courtney was in a new dance class. She was nervous about if she was good enough. She told her teacher she would practice every day. Courtney was determined to earn her spot in the class. She was a hard worker with a very clear goal.
Once I was at the Ben Franklin drugstore with my friend. I wanted to make my friend think I was a rebel. I picked up a pack of gum and put it into my pocket. The shop lady caught me when we tried to leave the store. I started crying and my friend definitely did not think I was a rebel.
May owned a house and rented a room to a student name Charles. Every year, in December, May took a flight to Japan. This year, on her flight, her flight attendant looked familiar to her. May asked the flight attendant did they know each other? The flight attendant was Charles' mother!
Kevin and Erika saw a cute kitten near their home this week. It was scared of them and they could not catch it. The next night they saw the kitten while driving in their car. Kevin got out and walked toward the cat to try and catch it. He ran back to the car fast when he realized it was really a skunk.
Every year for Christmas John received a fruit basket from his mom. He never ate the fruit basket and always gave it away. This year he decided he would try to eat the fruit. Johns mom stopped over shortly after Christmas. She noticed the empty basket and smiled.
Alan came home from hunting one afternoon. As he stripped to shower, he saw something strange. A tiny black dot was stuck to his skin. His wife examined it and, scared, said it was a tick! She removed it with tweezers and bandaged the small wound it left.
Paige was going inside. When the door was open, a bird flew in. The bird freaked out and began flying all over. It pooped everywhere. Paige had to call animal control to get it out.
Jim was driving home after a long day at work. As he approached an intersection, the light turned red. He continued driving anyway. A cop was parked around the corner and saw everything. He pulled Jim over.
Every year, Cathy attends the annual boat races in Florida. Cathy loves seeing the boats race fast on the water. This year, Cathy decided she would take her daughter to the races. Cathy's daughter loved the races so much, she did not want to leave. Cathy was glad she could spend time with her daughter at the races.
Stephanie bought a new dress today. She wanted to show it off at her boyfriend's party. Her boyfriend told her that he loved the dress. Stephanie and her boyfriend danced and ate all night. After the party, they decided that she will always keep the dress.
Gabe walked outside and saw his tire was flat. He tried pumping air in the tire. The air wouldn't stay in the tire. Gabe put the spare tire on his car. He drove to a shop and got a new tire.
Naomi noticed a cat sleeping on her porch when she took out her trash. Over the next few days, she noticed the cat spending more time there. She went outside and pet the cat. Naomi put some missing cat signs up. No one responded, so Naomi kept the cat.
Briana was a cheerleader at her school. She was on the top of the pyramid. One day she slipped while climbing up. She fell and dislocated her knee. She had to sit out for six months.
Sue really wanted a new boots. But she couldn't afford them. So her friend brought her to a thrift store. Sue couldn't believe how cheap everything was. Now Sue shops at the thrift stores all the time.
When I was in High School I was very artistic. My art teacher told me about an art show that was coming up. I picked a few of my best paintings and submitted them. I ended up winning honorable mention for both pieces. I was very proud of myself.
One of my friends used to be an illegal immigrant in the USA. Upon returning from his first international trip, he was deported. He was sent to Canada where he had lived formally for a few years. He didn't realize it but this was good for him in a few ways. He eventually found a job he loved in his new home.
Joseph enjoyed the city a lot. He liked it because he could make a lot of new friends. One day, he went to the village. There were not a lot of people and Joseph did not like it. After that, Joseph rushed to back to the city.
Ellie was washing vegetables. But she worried they weren't clean enough. So she used strong dish soap and a heavy duty sponge to wash them. But she ended up ruining the vegetables. Ellie insisted that they had to be thoroughly cleaned however.
Dan did not mind thunder, but hated lightening. However, Dan's town was in the middle of a lightning storm. Dan did not like to see the non stop flashes of lightening in the sky. In addition, Dan did not like the crackling noises the wires would mak. Dan could not wait for the lightening storm to be over.
Jasper loved his pet horse Wilbur. Jasper took care of Wilbur by brushing him and feeding him apples. Jasper entered Wilbur a horse show competition. Jasper was nervous of the other horses. Wilbur won a medal in the competition thanks to Jasper's care!
Cooper took his laptop with him every where. While at work today Cooper realized he didn't have his laptop. Cooper had a lot of important work on his laptop that he needed. Cooper started looking everywhere for it. Cooper found his laptop at the coffee shop he was at earlier.
Lashonda grew up in Detroit. She loved Detroit but she felt like she needed a change. Lashonda decided to move to Austin. She was happy with her decision because she thrived in Austin. Lashonda still liked to go back to Detroit to see friends and family.
It was Sean's first day as a teacher. He was nervous and excited at the same time. The kids began to file into his classroom. He got off to a strong start. He knew he was going to love teaching.
Becca liked to swim. She practiced everyday for hours. She entered a contest to show her skills to others. She competed with the best in her area and won. Becca has a trophy that reminds her of that day now.
Kim really wanted a new doll. Her dad told her she needed to help out more. She began to help her mom in the kitchen after dinner. She also helped her dad in the yard. After a week, Kim was able to get her doll.
Both cars lined up on the starting line. The flag waver looked at booth drivers. They were both ready and he counted down. 3, 2, 1, go! The cars were off, flying down the track.
Mary let her cat out one night after constant meowing. The cat ran off into the darkness. Mary wondered what the cat would bring home tonight. She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable. Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary's feet.
I wanted to make some lasagna for my family. I put all the ingredients together and put it in the oven. After a while, it was done. I pulled it out and served it up to everyone. They hated it, because I'm a terrible cook.
Jake and Dan saw a Power Wheels commercial on TV. They were at Jake's house. Jake ran and asked his mother if he could have one,. His mother laughed and said she would think about it. Dan decided he would ask his mom as soon as he got home.
I was having writer's block. I decided to to walk around. I went to the kitchen to get some juice. Then I sat back down. All of a sudden, the stories started to flow.
It was Dan's dream to dance in a Sia music video. He practiced every day and made as many connections as he could. Finally his opportunity came! Dan's audition was successful and he got a part! Dan danced in front of Sia and Maddie Ziegler and the whole world!
Tim was moving. He wanted to get rid of some stuff. He filled a box with things for goodwill. A friend accidentally took the wrong box. Tim had to go down and explain the situation.
My friend Cathy is a godmother to three children, 9, 7, and 3. They usually love hanging out with her. Yesterday she drove them to a nursing home to visit her father. The children were bored and started moping in the car. They had hoped they were going to get ice cream.
Randy has always liked playing basketball. His dream is to become an NBA player. He practices day and night to get better. He finally gets a tryout for a team. Randy has a poor performance and they do not sign him.
Joe's wife was about to have a baby. Joe was really nervous about being a father. He obsessively read baby books because he didn't want to mess up. Finally, the baby was born and Joe met his new son. Joe felt confident that he was going to be fine after all.
Kate was browsing the Internet at work. There was another article she wanted to see at the bottom of a page. She clicked the link to see the next article. And her computer began to behave strangely. She had unintentionally given her work computer a virus.
Charles has a problem at work. He oversees two employees who are currently upset at each other. Charles needs them to get along and work together to accomplish tasks. He sits them both down and the three of them hash out the issues. Now they get along great and Charles feels much better.
Martha's older dog was unruly and loud. It barked all day and night and used the bathroom in the house. Martha became fed up with it and hired a dog trainer. The dog trainer visited for a few months to train her dog. The dog is now well behaved and considerate.
Bill was sick for three days in a row. He wasn't able to attend classes. He missed an important exam. When he returned to school the instructor allowed him to catch up. Bill was very grateful to the instructor.
John loved to paint in the park. One day he was painting a picture of flowers in the park. A man came over and loved the painting. He asked John if he could paint a mural in his office. John was flattered and agreed to doing the mural.
Anne was learning to play the piano. She was supposed to perform a piece in an upcoming piano recital. Anne was nervous about performing. Her teacher told her to pretend there was no one in the audience. Anne performed her piano piece beautifully.
My niece works for the MA RMV. She is a customer service clerk. One day she helped a man get his license. The man took his family to McDonald's across the street. He brought her back a cookie to thank her.
Emmy was in the car with her mom. Her mom was driving far away, and Emmy had no clue where. Soon, she began noticing some interesting road signs. The signs were for an amusement park. Then, Emmy's mom announced that they were going to the park.
Kim checked into her resort and went to her room. She hung around the room for a while and went to take a walk She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed. Someone called the front desk for help. The front desk called animal control, who confiscated the tiger.
Jerry's sink had been leaking. He called his local plumber. His plumber arrived at his house a few hours later. His plumber patched up a leaking pipe. Jerry paid his plumber $100 for his work.
Billy ate a piece of fruit that fell from a tree. He wasn't sure what kind of fruit it was, and he started to regret it. Sure enough, his concern was warranted, as he became sick. He ran to a public trash can, and vomited the contents of his stomach. He vowed to never again eat something he can't identify.
Ike went to the cafe with his friends one lunch hour to get a meal. He ordered a cheese sub and a soda. But that night, Ike found himself stuck in the bathroom. All that cheese had really affected him! Ike vowed to never get a cheese sub again!
My fitness instructor told everyone to stand straight. She introduced us to a few lower body exercises. Afterwards, we received several weights. I was struggling to lift them up since they were heavy. At the end of the day, I felt sore.
The teacher called up Rosie. She stood up in front of the board. She proceeded to write. She thought back to how she got her answer. She remembered how she accurately found it.
Ned was a very nervous boy. He was always afraid of getting diseases from touching people. He would often go to the hospital in fear of illness. He was eventually regarded as a hassle and written off completely. Ned eventually was very sick but the doctors didn't pay any attention.
Gus and his friends went to a bar to play trivia. They were tied for the lead in the final round. The last question came up and Gus knew the answer. He buzzed in and shouted out his answer. The quiz master misheard Gus and gave him no points.
More than once now, I have stayed in a country longer unintentionally. At the end of my time in Colombia, I was offered a job. Within three day, I had the job figured out as well as housing. I was paid a lot of money and it was an easy and fun job to do. I learned to love spontaneity and unplanned ventures.
Mary had always wanted a dog. Mary's mother would never allow her to have a pet. One day, a dog followed Mary's mother home from the grocery store. The dog would not go away, but laid down on Mary's mother's' feet. The dog got to stay, and Mary got a new pet.
Cindy had to type a long essay. But her hands were cold. She decided to make coffee. And drinking the coffee made her feel warm. So she was able to finish her essay more quickly.
Tim tried to become smarter. He would study many great thinkers. He learned that the leaders advised creating things. He learned that creating more than consuming was important. Tim stopped consuming excessively and began creating more.
I had to go get gas. My tank was nearly empty. When I looked at it was losing a lot of gas. I hardly made it to the gas station. When I made it it was a sigh of relief.
John was hanging out in his yard. His neighbor came up and asked if he wanted to do some yard work. John agreed. He spent all day carrying brush around and things like that. When he was done, his neighbor paid him really well.
Brenda was out playing with her friends one day. While playing tag with her friends she felt a sharp pain in her arm. She started to cry. Brenda's parents come to see what's wrong. They see Brenda had been stung by a bee.
George had just come home from school. He saw a new puppy there waiting for him. At first he was afraid of the pet. Luckily, he fell in love with the puppy quickly. They were best friends from then on.
Deb wanted to go shopping. She had only fifty dollars but was looking for a few items. Deb was worried she wasn't going to have enough money. When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales. She found everything she needed and had money left over.
Tom decided to buy a lot of stock in a particular company. He had information saying it would pay back well. Unfortunately that turned out to be false. Tom lost a lot of money because of it. He also got in trouble because of how he got the information.
Kelley had a cold. She kept using tissue after tissue. Finally the box was ended. She needed to get another one. Then she used up that too.
Benny bought a new camera. He took pictures of everything. One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime. He took the photos to the police station. Benny eventually became a police officer because of the photos.
A bus was driven by a mean old man. His name was Rick. Nobody liked him and he liked no one else. Rick stopped to pick up some people from the bus stop. He gave them a mean face causing the people to take the next bus.
In kindergarten we had a day where the hall had booths. Each booth sold different things. We had to bring pennies from home to buy things. When I ran out of pennies I was sad and stole a gummy worm in yogurt. I felt so guilty that I decided never to steal again.
All throughout the house, Tom's grandfather clock could be heard. Any visitor he had would ask about the clock. Sometimes, it kept Tom up at night. He often wondered whether the clock distracted him from other things. So, he decided to replace the ticking clock with a quiet digital one.
I listened to a song that touched my heart. It talked about a wonderland. I wanted so badly to visit this wonderland. I knew it wasn't real, and it made me sad. I listened to the song three times in a row.
I had recently moved to Hawaii. My friends kept insisting that I try spam. I was extremely wary of this mystery meat. Eventually, they convinced me to try a little bit. It was the most delicious thing I had eaten in months.
Matt and Sara went to the beach. They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth. They played Frisbee for hours. They laughed and chatted as they played. They both had a great time on their beach trip!
Amy had worked in stockroom at Marshall's for 3 months. One day her boss said she was to become a cashier. Amy was excited for the chance to move up from the stockroom. Amy paid attention and worked hard in cashier training. It pleased her to be complimented for being a fast learner.
Abe was walking on the beach. He had brought his metal detector. The metal detector began to beep. Abe dug into the sand. He pulled a watch from the sand!
Dan went to Las Vegas for a business trip. Dan missed his wife and kids. Dan called them every night after the meetings. Finally the day came for Dan to return home. Upon seeing them again, he hugged his family tighter than ever before.
Jon loved a Japanese band. Alas, he lived in America so he couldn't see the band live. Jon decided to save up money to go to Japan. Eventually, he was able to book a ticket to Japan. He finally attended the band's concert!
Lila was looking up into the starry sky. She told her brother she saw a ladle in the sky. He laughed and told her it was the Big Dipper. She didn't know about star formations. He pointed out some others to her, too.
Boris wanted the new video game. But, he didn't have enough money. He decided to sell his baseball cards. After a week he finally sold enough cards. He went to the store and bought the game.
Tony and his buddies were pumped. They were going to a concert. They showed up and got to their seats. The band came on and began to play. Tony and his friends all had a great time.
In August of 2008 I started my first year of college. The first thing I had to do was pick up my bunk and find my dorm. I waited in line for my bunk for about 15 minutes. Then, an older student offered to carry my bunk to my dorm for me. 30 minutes after that, my side of the dorm was set up and ready to go.
Kate wanted to play kick ball. Kate called her friends to invite them to play. After waiting for an hour, Kate's friends decided to play kick ball. After meeting at the field, Kate and her friends began playing. Kate had a blast playing kick ball with her friends.
My little cousin was missing yesterday. He never got home from school. His parents were really worried. It turns out he went to a friend's house. He got in trouble for not telling anyone about it.
I went on a date with my current wife. It was our first. We went to a hockey game together. We won the halftime game! It was a great experience.
Tom joined a new company. He had just quit from his old job. Within the first few months they announced a takeover. His old company was buying out the new one he was at. Tom was fired shortly after.
Lucy was visiting a friend named Mary. She had been there for hours and was now hungry. Lucy sat down to dinner with Mary and her family. They were served beans and cornbread. Mary, suffered through the dinner and asked to go home.
I had accrued several weeks vacation time at work. I requested the third and fourth week of May off from work. My boss told me that those weeks were not available. I asked him what weeks were available. He suggested some available weeks and I requested those off instead.
Tim and Jane were going to have a kid. They were excited to start a family. The day of the birth the kid came out a different race than Tim. Tim was heart-broken. They separated soon after.
Anna quit eating sweets to lose weight. At first the cravings were tough. But as time passed they got easier. Soon she barely desired sweets. And the best part was, she lost 25 pounds!
Gabe was staying in an apartment. The people next door were loud and obnoxious. Gabe's lease was coming up for renewal. The landlord didn't want to let Gabe switch apartments. Gabe didn't renew his lease with at the apartment building.
A person posted a post on a forum. A bunch of people commented. Some of the comments began to turn nasty. The moderator decided to remove the forum. The forum got taken down.
Nola had always wanted a summer cottage on the beach. But she could never afford it on her own. Then one summer, her friends all decided to chip in and get one! As a group, they could afford it, and Nola joined the team. Soon she was relaxing in her beachfront cottage!
Gloria and I walked home from school together every day. There was this awful boy named Reuben who threw stickers at us. One day another boy noticed that we were being harassed. He offered to walk us home. From that day on Reuben chose another victim.
My cousin Tony wanted to do a mac & cheese. Tony said he could make the best of the family. My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well. The family gathered for dinner to taste. It turns out that no one could do it right like aunt Jean does.
Paul lived in a sober living house and said he didn't drink. But a new roommate found a bottle of liquor in the closet. The roommate took the bottle to the house manager. Angry, the house manager implemented a lot of new rules. So Paul admitted the liquor was his and was kicked out the house.
Kelly's mom was planning her birthday party. It was going to be a tea party. All the little girls dressed up. They sipped tea and had snacks. It was a very fancy party!
Randy was lactose intolerant. At his friend's birthday party, all of the treats had milk in them. He decided to eat a bunch of cake anyways. The following day he felt extremely sick. He thought it was worth it.
Dave is an extremely loud person. He likes to listen to Selena Gomez late into the night. Damian is fed up with having to live with Dave. He uses earplugs and white noise to cope, but it isn't enough. Damian decides he would rather be homeless.
Allie was taking the SAT test. But all of the sudden the fire alarm went off. Allie and her classmates ran outside. Thankfully there was no fire however. So Allie got to still finish her test.
Tom was visiting friends. They lived in a sketchy neighborhood. Tom left his car parked outside for only a few hours. When he returned he noticed his hub caps were missing. Tom avoided going back there as much as possible.
June wanted to learn how to bake a loaf of bread. She took a class at her local community college. She became very accomplished with her baking so she sold loaves. Eventually June opened up her own bakery. June found her true calling as a baker.
Terry went on a wilderness trip for his vacation in South America. While taking the trip, he began to wander away from the tour group. Soon Terry found himself lost in the jungle with no idea where to go. Terry began to panic as he sat alone in the unforgiving rainforest. When he thought all hope was lost, Terry's tour guide showed up.
Carla has always wanted to have a baby boy. Finally she becomes pregnant with a son. Carla prepares a bedroom for her new son. Finally her son is born. Carla is proud to have a baby boy.
Flora had a child that she adored. Flora was an alcoholic so she lost custody. She really wanted to see her child. She decided to go pick her child up. Flora kidnapped the child.
Dan had always wanted to go hot air ballooning. At the state fair, they were selling rides on them. He could hardly wait for his turn as he eagerly climbed in. Something went wrong and it fell sideways into the field they were on. Dan says he's lucky to be alive and will never get in another one.
Oliver was playing in his bedroom with his parents. The two parents were wrapped up in a heated discussion. No one wanted to pay attention to Oliver or his toys. He looked at his parents and said "mom, dad". Being his first word, his parents freaked out and celebrated.
Ramon had just joined the police academy. He was small, and couldn't compete with the other recruits. He was bullied because of this. On target practice day, Ramon out shot everyone. He gained the respect of the other recruits.
Darren went outside to play! He rolled in the mud! He jumped in the grass! He stomped in the dirt! When he got home he enjoyed a long shower and got cleaner than ever!
My friend Isaiah had a pool party last week. He brought a bunch of ice cream to the party. Unfortunately, he forgot it would be hot outside. He left the ice cream out for so long that it melted. It's okay though, because we all had fun anyways.
Janie loved getting mail. She even loved getting bills. People thought she was crazy. One day she received a package and was so excited. It was a present and she realized this is why she loves mail.
Michael always wanted a little brother. When his mother became pregnant, Michael was ecstatic. Michael quickly became sad when he found out it was a girl. His mother told him to give his little sister a chance. Michael decided that his little sister would make a great friend too.
John started working in a new office. He noticed that everyone in the new office rode a bicycle to work. John got himself a bike to ride as well. His first morning cycling to work, John was sweating like a pig. He decided then that perhaps driving was the best fit for him!
Whitney went to Megan's wedding. Megan threw the bouquet. Whitney caught it. Whitney still is not married. She is still remaining hopeful.
Henry loved to dance. He was excited that the school dance was Friday. He went out on the floor with his friends. He was so into it, he kept dancing when the music stopped. When he finally looked around everyone was staring at him.
Chad was notified by his mother about the family reunion. Chad really was not interested in going to the reunion at all. However, Chad's mother encouraged him to go. Chad's mother wanted him to meet his relatives and have fun. While Chad was hesitant, he agreed to go the family reunion.
Stephanie got a new puppy. She brought her new puppy home, but her parents were not happy. It was agreed that Stephanie would clean up all of the puppy's messes. However, Stefani never cleaned up after her puppy. Stephanie's parents soon made her give the dog away.
Sam loves to skateboard. He wanted a skate park to be built in his city. Sam called the Governor and asked if the city would build one. The Governor agreed to build a skate park. The city begins construction tomorrow.
Sara was craving sweets. She decided to cook up a pan of brownies. She mixed the batter and put them in the oven. But when they finished, they tasted very bad. Sara sadly realized she had forgotten to add the egg!
Simon started his stopwatch. He started running. He looked at the watch after one mile. He was on pace for a personal record. He gave his best effort to beat the record.
Ted wanted a new alarm clock. He could never hear his alarm clock. He slept in late too many times. He went to the store and bought a huge one. He finally was early to something.
Jake woke up at night to loud screams and sounds His house was being raided by the cops. He had done nothing wrong. They had gotten the wrong address. Jake was upset but he couldn't do anything about it.
Mary was making tacos for dinner. In the middle of cooking she realized she had forgotten to buy cheese. She asked her husband to run to the store and buy some. He husband was annoyed, but went anyway. The family enjoyed their tacos with cheese that evening.
Jill was at school with her friends. One of them mentioned that she was on a new diet. The diet consisted of nothing but vegetables and water. Jill didn't think it sounded healthy and commented as such. Luckily her friend trusted her and decided not to do the diet.
She woke up with her eyes puffy and swollen. She reached for the eye drops. They didn't seem to do any good. She called the doctor to make an appointment. He gave her shots that relieved her discomfort.
Mark took a trip downtown. After driving for a while, he stopped at a coffee shop. There, he ordered a normal cappuccino. He took a large gulp of the hot beverage. He was surprised at the taste and vowed to visit that shop again.
Alicia decided to play in her soccer match. She got her things together. The game was a close one. Alicia ultimately won. Alicia won a medal.
A family went camping in the woods. They saw a bear in the camp area. They took a picture of the bear with a cell phone. They showed the picture of the bear to the park ranger. The ranger went immediately to look for the bear.
Evan went fishing with his granddad. They talked as they sat in the boat. They passed the whole day that way. At the end of the day, neither had caught anything. But they both agreed it had been a wonderful day!
Phil loves playing sports with his friends. All his friends love basketball, but Phil really likes soccer. Phil invited all his friends to play soccer with him on Friday. They all showed up and play soccer. Now Phil's friends love playing soccer!
The Sixers played their first game of the season last night. They hosted the OKC Thunder and the game was nationally televised. The game was close from start to finish. The Sixers had a lead late in the fourth quarter that slipped away. They lost the game but actually came close to getting the win.
Sam got some chickens. He fed them every day. One day he noticed his chickens wouldn't get up. He was worried but soon he found why. Those chickens laid eggs.
Harry loved his wife, but her parents annoyed him greatly. When the old mother died, the father came to live with them. Harry had to adjust to the old man's weird habits. The old man didn't even try to be nice to Harry. Harry began spending a lot of time at a female coworker's place.
Jeremy wants a dog. His wife says no because they already have a cat. Jeremy gets a dog anyway and keeps it in the back yard. The cat gets out and runs to the back yard, they fear the worst. They hurry to the back yard only to find the cat and dog playing.
My work offered a family day for the employees. They were cooking out. They had some games planned. I brought my children with me. It was a lot of fun.
Lara had a test. She was so nervous. She didn't know what to do. She couldn't even sleep. The nerves got the best of her as she failed.
Skip's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week. On the third morning the house caught on fire. The local fire department worked hard to put out the fire quickly. Unfortunately, the entire beach house collapsed from the damage. Skip's family was sad the vacation had to end so soon.
Sammy bought a cute cat from the pet store. The cat did not want to eat anything. Sammy tried to feed it fish. Sammy tried to feed it pizza. Finally Sammy found out that the cat eats crackers!
Tami had tried out for volleyball at her local high school. She Was anxious to find out the results. After 3 days she checked to see if they had posted the roster. They hadn't. She decided to go home and call the coach.
She walked into a comic shop. It so happened her favorite artist had a signing that day. She met and picked the brain of her hero. Obtaining that signed copy was a thrill. She vowed to make use of what she learned from the conversation!
Kyle was mad at all the politically correct statements. He went on facebook to start insulting people. People were mad about it. They started bashing him right back. He decided not to do that again.
Tom was buying fast food. He had a coupon to use. Unfortunately they told him it was expired. Tom couldn't afford all the food without the coupon. They just gave it to him anyway out of pity.
Tom thought he was a fast pitcher. His brother Steve thought he was faster than Tom. They went to the batting cages to settle the score. Tom threw first and then Steve threw faster. Tom was upset but humbled by Steve.
Sam was sad. He always dropped everything. His friends made fun of him. One day he practiced being careful with his hands. He never dropped anything again.
The kids liked playing video games. They got a new Xbox. They bought a bunch of games for it, too. They started to play and had so much fun! They played the games all evening.
Heather had met someone special. They were going on a date that night. Heather hoped they would hit it off. She did her hair and makeup and put on a nice dress. The date never showed to pick her up!
Tom was an attractive man. Tom had fun changing his appearance. Sometimes Tom would shave, other times, he would not. Tom wanted to grow a beard. Tom grew a beard.
Kate and her friends were sharing a suite in Vegas. There were four girls. And only one bed. Kate didn't feel like fighting. So she decided to simply sleep on a couch.
In 2003 my neighbor Dan and I took our sons to the beach. We went to Nantasket Beach in Hull, MA. We found a ten foot wide piles of ropes on the shore. Our sons tried to untangle pieces of rope. They had a great time.
Holly looked over the selection of watches. Some were cute with characters she liked. Others were clearly better-made. She chose one nice watch rather than 3 to 5 cheaper ones. This would prove wise, as she needed one for her chaotic trip.
John really wanted a job at Fixxus Company. When a position was advertised, John scheduled an interview. John spent several days researching the company and preparing. John wore his best suit and strode into the HR office. John nailed the interview, landing the job.
When I was in fourth grade I was part of 4H. Each year they had a competition that was nature based. My mom and I decided to go in the backyard and find things. After our collection, we made a beautiful and natural wreath. I won fourth place in the contest and I never win anything!
Dj wasn't a fan of waking up. It was the worst part of his day. Today he smelled fresh bread when his alarm clock went off. He followed the smell to the kitchen. His wife had made his favorite oat bread just for him.
Wendy put a hamburger on the barbecue. She went inside while the hamburger cooked. She came back outside to check on the hamburger. The hamburger was gone! Down the street there was a dog eating a hamburger.
Anna went to Paris. She took a tour bus around the city. They stopped at the Eiffel Tower. Anna snapped a photo of it. She thought it was very beautiful.
In 2008 our condo fire alarm went off. It was 1 AM, and the alarm was very loud. The firefighters came and said everything was ok. They could not turn off the alarm, however. The property manager had to come from NH to MA to turn it off.
I've always been a big fan of Jethro Tull. I dreamed of one day seeing Ian Anderson in concert. I've read a lot of interviews with him and the band. Over time I've realized that he and I would not get along. This has done little to quell my interest in a concert.
A man named Sal was scared of heights. His friends wanted him to overcome it. They bought him a skydiving ticket without his knowledge. He had to go. He jumped out and screamed for his life, but survived.
Ellen had three very best girlfriends. She wanted to give each of them a lovely bracelet for Christmas. But she didn't have the money for such extravagance. Then she decided to knit the bracelets herself. Her friends were all so happy with their thoughtful new jewelry!
It was a really hot day outside. Samantha decided to cool off by getting some ice cream. Samantha drove to her nearest Baskin-Robbins. She ordered a giant sundae for herself. Unfortunately, the ice cream melted in her car on the ride home.
Sam had bad breath. He never brushed. One day he had a job interview. The interviewer said his breath was too bad to get a job. After that Sam always brushed his teeth.
Natalie struggled with school. She worked really hard but did not do well on her exams. Her parents realized how much she was struggling. They got her a tutor to help her with her studies. Because of the help she got, Natalie graduated high school.
Horace loves using his grill and wishes he had more chances to use it. He decides to grill a burger for himself at home. Horace loves the way the freshly grilled burger tastes. It doesn't bother him that he grilled all alone. Horace decides he does not need a special occasion to grill.
Jake had recently bought a house. About a week later, there was a hurricane that passed through. John was upset to see that his whole basement was flooded. He found out it was going to be a lot of money to repair. John decided to take out a loan to repair it.
The cleaning person we hired started today. She cleaned the windows, the floors, and the walls. When she was cleaning, she saw a mouse. She suggested we set up mouse traps. She finished cleaning and then left.
Jan likes reading books. She visits the library every Sunday afternoon. She volunteers to help library staff. Jan even joined the library book reading club. Jan eventually became a librarian.
John bought a bike at a garage sale. It was a really good deal. He got it for much less than retail price. A stranger told him the bike was stolen. John looked into it and gave the bike back.
Today a Chinese baby sat on the bench next to me. His mother was holding him. He was very chubby. He saw me and smiled, and I waved at him. The child really made my day.
Tom was getting food. He was waiting in the drive through. The line was moving too slowly. Tom got impatient and left. He cooked food at home instead.
Robbie enthusiastically supported the death penalty. Then he was falsely accused of murder. After a long trial, Robbie was convicted. Now on death row, Robbie changed his mind about the death penalty. Robbie was a huge hypocrite.
Carlie takes pictures of random people. She posts them on the internet at night. She tries to convince herself that beauty is everywhere. However, she is looking for a way to become famous. She never gets noticed because she was too cliche.
Erin woke up one morning feeling sick. Her head hurt, and she was coughing a lot. She took some medicine and had some tea. She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap. When she woke up, she felt much better!
I love iced tea. Once, I made a huge jug of iced tea. I drank it all by myself. Because of the caffeine, I couldn't sleep for hours. Now I'm more careful about how much tea I drink.
Charlie had been dating Paula for about four months. He was walking her home after their date. She seemed distant. Paula gave Charlie a quick kiss on the cheek before going inside. Before the door closed he saw Paula's roommate kiss her deeply.
Kade was going on vacation with his family. His mother let him pack his own bag. Kade stuffed all his clothes into his bag. When they got to the hotel, Kade's clothes were wrinkled. Kade's mother packed his bag the next time they went on a trip.
The Billy Joel concert was two week away. I had not found any tickets. I looked on Ebay for the thousandth time. Someone had just posted on field tickets! I won the Ebay auction!
The lady let the kid pick a cereal. The kid picked one with sugar. The kid ate too much dry cereal. The kid felt hyper from the sugar. The lady didn't let him pick sugared cereal the next time.
Steve wanted artwork for his living room. He wife was a Picasso fan. He hated Picasso. They compromised and bought a big colorful painting. Now they look at it every day and are happy.
An artist was painting an image of a boat in the water. He ran out of blue paint after he finished painting the sky. He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail. To be artsy, the artist used yellow paint for the water. He loved the way that it turned out.
A big storm was brewing. A tornado was spotted in town. The girls ran to the basement. The storm was very loud and scary. There was a lot of destruction in their town.
Tom had family in Britain. One day he decided to travel there and visit. It was his first time there. Everyone made him feel at home. He returned often.
Sam was shopping one day. When he got out of the store he noticed a flat tire. Luckily he had a portable air pump. He filled the tire back up. Sam then drove it to get fixed.
Ali went eat at a restaurant with Donny. They sat at the table waiting for the waitress for half an hour. Ali and Donny's waitress never came to their table. They walked out of the restaurant. Ali and Donny told all of their friends about the horrible service.
Shannon is banker in a small town. Shannon needs money for clothes. Shannon feels he doesn't earn enough. He decides to take some money from his bank. Shannon is caught and fired.
The child ran away from home. The parents contacted the police. The police looked for the child. They found the child in a tree house. They returned the child home.
Claire was a very independent woman who didn't want children. So when she learned she was pregnant, she panicked. She reviewed all her options and talked to friends. In the end, she decided to keep the child. It turned out to be a good decision for her as she was a good mother.
Karen received a notice she needed to sign her policy documents. She logged into her insurance company's site to do so. When she got there, she couldn't find what she needed to sign. Karen had to call her insurance company for information. She expressed she was becoming extremely frustrated with them.
My niece works for the MA RMV. Yesterday a runner came in to register a car. The system rejected the buyer because she had unpaid parking tickets. The runner said the buyer would be angry. My niece said there was nothing she could do.
Conner wants to vote in this year's presidential election. He spends a lot of time watching political debates. He also spends a lot of time doing research on each candidate. Connor feels that he has gained enough information to make a choice. He is now fully ready to make his first presidential vote this year.
Bob bought a new pair of skis. He took a trip to Aspen for the first time. Bob strapped on his new skis and hit the slopes. On his way down he veered off course into a snowy canyon. He was stuck for several days but ultimately survived.
Johnny was putting fresh seed into the birdcage. Before he know it, the parakeet flew out the cage door. He chased her around the room. Finally he got tired and sat down. As soon as he did, the bird landed on his hand!
Jan has been dating Bob for a few months because he is really fun. She starts to worry that he drinks too much. She gets Bobby to quit drinking. She finds out Bobby is painfully boring when he's sober. She has to dump him.
Tom had to wash the dishes. But there were so many to clean. So he cleaned them as quickly as possible. After Tom ate dinner, he felt sick. He realized he didn't do a thorough job of washing the dishes.
Bryan meet a new girl the other night. He called her the next morning and asked her on a date. They met that night and had dinner. The date went so well they are now dating. Bryan is very happy to be in love with her.
Charlie completed his job at a summer camp. Charlie discovered that he needed new employment. Charlie looked at the classified ads in the human service field. Charlie scheduled an interview with a school. Because of his experience in the field he received a great job offer.
Little Jimmy was at the park with his mom. He saw a cute dog that he wanted to pet. He ran towards the dog with his hand outstretched. The dog growled at Jimmy. Jimmy learned not to approach strange dogs.
A librarian was bored at work one afternoon. He went into the stacks and grabbed a handful of books. He ripped out the last chapter of several books. The librarian rewrote the endings on the computer and printed them. He put the new endings in the books and shelved them again.
Anna left her purse on the bus one evening. She was so distraught when she realized it! But the next day, a kind stranger knocked on her door. In his hand he held Anna's purse! Anna was so happy, she hugged him eagerly!
Carl set out for a trip to the beach. his bus was delayed and then broke down. Carl waited in a downpour for the replacement bus and got drenched. the bus finally dropped Car off at the beach. he was so tired he took a nap and missed the bus home.
Eli was very tired when he got home. His wife, Susanna, had dressed in their favorite lingerie. She asked Eli to join her in her most frisky bedroom voice. Eli told her he was too tired to indulge her request. He plopped down in front of the television with a microwave dinner.
Jenny is getting married today! After getting ready for hours Jenny started to feel nervous. Jenny began questioning herself if this is what she really wanted. Once Jenny got in the car to go to the church she calmed down. Jenny happily agreed to marry her new husband at the altar.
Zach's family were spending thanksgiving together. After they ate, they played several video games. When the game was done, they realized that it's morning time. Zach quickly took a shower and got ready for work. The rest of his family cleaned the house and had breakfast together.
London gave birth to her fourth child. She really wanted to lose the pregnancy weight. London waited until her doctor approved exercise. Once she was in the clear she began working out daily. She was so happy watching the weight melt off.
James had been writing for months. He wanted to be a great novelist. He asked his friend to read it and tell him what he thought. The friend laughed at the book. It was terrible!
Iris and Ian were excited to be going on a vacation. Iris cleaned up the kitchen right before they left. She threw a banana in the trash, but didn't think to empty it. When they returned home, they were greeted by dozens of fruit flies! Iris was distraught that it took weeks to be completely rid of them.
Sara looked through her photos at family Christmases. She suddenly realized that there are kids do not know that joy. Sara went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys. Sara then wrapped the toys and took them to the children's hospital. She gave the children the gifts and took a new photo for her album.
Ray looked at the high dive of his community pool with interest. He walked towards it, planning on jumping off it today. As he got closer the high dive looked much higher. Ray put one hand on the ladder and had instant regrets. Ray let go of the ladder and cursed his cowardice.
Allie wanted to go to the drive in. So she invited Maggie to join her. Only kids movies were playing. So Allie changed her mind. They went another day instead.
Lucy was getting her lip pierced. She was nervous. All her friends had them. She wanted to fit in. So she bit the bullet and went for it,
Saul went into the empty church. He sat down and prayed. He looked up at the Christ. He thought he saw blood flowing from his hands. He bowed down in awe.
Hobbie was going to see a free concert in the city. The show was at 8 am though so he had to be up early. He took the train to the city at 4 am to be closer to the stage. When he got there, there were people waiting. He had to wait hours before the show.
Jason loved motorcycles. His mother bought him one for his eighteenth birthday. His sister said he rode it all the time. One day he had an accident. He crashed into a car and was badly hurt.
John had a school friend named Marty. Marty spread a nasty and false rumor about John. The rumor circulated all over the entire school. Marty came to John and apologized for having lied about him. It was hard to do, but John decided to forgive Marty.
The alarm sounded loudly in Eric's ear. Quickly, he grabbed the neon yellow jacket and flags. He heard the panic begin to rise among his co-workers. Calmly, he ushered the group out of the building. In the parking lot, Eric did a headcount to ensure everyone was there.
I stroked the paintbrush across the canvas. Red and blue paint swirled together. I was creating a masterpiece. I finished the painting quickly. When I looked at my creation I was proud.
John was walking home from school. Suddenly, John noticed the display window for the local candy shop. John went inside the shop to purchase some candy. John purchased the candy and continued home. On his way home, John ate every piece of his candy.
Eric knew everyone in his class. He was very shy but always tried to introduce himself. He decided to run for class president. His opponent sabotaged him by falsifying votes. Eric still won.
Kate didn't have much time for lunch. She decided to get fast food. She went through the drive through. A lot of other people were thinking the same thing. She wound up not having enough time to eat.
Marvin went to a magic show. The magician messed up on his routine. Marvin was able to understand how the magician was doing his routine. Marvin no longer found magic interesting. He didn't go to any other magic shows any more.
Kay and Beth were at the lake with friends. They decided to go for a swim. All the girls expect Kay ran into the water. Kay started in and was shocked by the cold. She decided to stay on the warm beach instead.
Emmett, an amateur astronomer, brought his telescope to his yard. He set it up to observe the planets in the solar system at night. In a quick flash, Emmett observed a shooting star in the telescope. The shooting star shot across the sky and Emmett made a wish. After making his wish, he recorded his sight in his journal.
Linda has never voted in any election. However, her friends tell her that this election is very important. She spends weeks researching all the candidates. On election day Linda votes for the candidate she likes best. She is very happy that she voted this year.
Sarah was always very bright and wanted to be a psychologist. She was always a great student and even skipped 5th grade. Sarah graduated early from high school. She was accepted at UMO and graduated at the top of her class. Sarah is now a very successful psychologist.
Lucy went for a walk. She saw a squirrel. Then she looked again. It wasn't a squirrel. It was a chipmunk.
Bill loves basketball. He practices every day. His team is playing in a tournament. They lose all their games. Bill feels sad.
Tom wanted to buy his wife a gift. But, he couldn't afford one. He decided to steal something for his wife. He stole a pearl necklace. His wife loved the necklace and never found out it was stolen.
Bob decided to invest in some penny stocks. The trader's commission was eating into Bob's profit. Bob decided to fire his trader. At the same time, his penny stocks collapsed. Now, Bob lost all of his profit!
Lim was a lazy bum who frequented a local bar. Once when he was particularly drunk he started a fight. The man was big and burly and twice his size. Lim lost the fight and also lost a tooth. Now Lim only picks fights on people his own size.
The class went to the field to to fly their kites. I tried to find a place where no one is around. My kite took flight. Although I was away from everyone, the kite landed in a tree. The branches ripped it apart.
Noah has loved elephants for as long as he could remember. He heard about a circus that would be coming to his town. His mommy agreed to take him for his birthday. On the day of the circus he wasn't feeling good. He had to stay home and get better.
Jolie's family believes in Christmas. Each year, her mom buys each child 2 presents. Last year, her mom forgot to buy the presents until Christmas Eve. Her mom had to rush around on Christmas Eve trying to find gifts. Jolie's mom was only able to find one present per child last year.
Mike had forgotten to study for his vocabulary quiz that day. Quickly, at the start of class, he made a cheat sheet. During the test, he used it carefully. He was not careful enough though, and his teacher caught him. Mike got kicked out of the school and became a failure.
I had a got a stain on my favorite white shirt. I wanted to wear the shirt to school the next day. I threw the shirt in the washer with other clothes and some bleach. When I took the clothes out to dry they all had big spots on them. I had ruined a whole load of colored clothes with bleach.
Tage lived at home with his mom and dad, but he was very lonely. One day, his parents took him to the park where he found a cat. The cat was a stray but was very sweet, so they took it home. Tage's parents cleaned the cat up and took it to the vet to get shots. After the cat was deemed healthy, it and Tage became best friends.
Princeton had overheard his mom on the phone with bill collectors. Until that moment, he didn't know how hard his mom was struggling. His principal alerted her to his absenteeism at school. When he came home from school, she questioned him about it. It was then he gave her money he had saved from the time job he found.
Ken had been raised in a rich white suburb and went to private school. In seventh grade a black girl enrolled in his school. At first Ken avoided her like everyone else, but not for long. Soon his curiosity had him chatting with her daily. Before long, Ken and the new girl had become close friends.
Katy's dad made her practice singing everyday. What had been something fun for her was now a nightmare. He entered her into the singing contest at the local fair. Katy was ecstatic to have made second place! Her dad screamed at her all the way home for not taking first.
Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family. She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends. One day her father got very sick and she rushed to the hospital. He told her that he understood she was a busy teenager. She vowed to him that she would make time to spend with the family.
Mike had been overweight nearly all of his life. He finally decided that he should do something about it. Mike made a resolution to lose fifty pounds. He ate healthier foods and exercised. Mike was able to achieve a healthy weight.
Reilly was feeling very nervous. His mother had set him up on a blind date with a girl called Sarah. Reilly didn't know where to go, so he suggested the theater. Reilly arrived at the theater but Sarah didn't show up. He was very disappointed and went home without watching the movie.
The shower felt too closed-in. Sam wanted the false ceiling removed to open up the shower. The contractors did as they were asked and removed the ceiling. The ceiling of the shower was part of the structural support beams. The ceiling was replaced and the shower remained closed-in.
Kevin left his job in retail to go work at a distribution center. He thought that being away from customers would make him happy. He found out quickly that his new job is much more difficult. There's so much more to keep track of and at a fast pace. Kevin s considering going back to his old job.
My friend and I planned a trip to Reno, Nevada. Coming into Reno we came upon a small road with lots of curves. Water was on one side and mountains on the other side. My friend and I got nervous. Residents driver were traveling 80 and 90 miles per hour.
She wasn't going to stop and he was finally resigned. He picked up the mouse and began to click away. He could still hear her in his mind, though she had stopped talking. Suddenly, she yelled out that he better pay attention. He turned back to the screen and resumed clicking away.
My friends and I were out playing in the street. A little white dog ran up to us while we were playing. The dog had a dog tag on his collar with a name and number. We called the number to report that we had found him. The owner's came and picked him up right away.
Last night my girlfriend invited me to paint with her. She came over with several supplies. We each picked different scenes. Mine didn't turn out so great. She still encouraged me and pretended to like it.
Sharon went to the dentist to get her filling. While in the waiting room, someone burned food in the back microwave. A fire ignited, and the receptionist called a fire truck. Everyone got out, and the firemen put out the fire. Sharon made arrangements to switch dentists due to the building damage
Shawn tried on his new coat. He admired himself in the mirror. He did not like how his profile looked. His friend agreed that it fit weird. Shawn gave the coat to his friend.
Megan was supposed to be boarding her second flight of the day. Instead, her connection to Dallas had been delayed for over two hours. Megan was so bored because her phone had died. She was wandering shops and eating snacks to pass the time. Finally her plane arrived and she was able to board after hours.
I was trying to find a place to park downtown. Everything was taken except for one spot. I was terrible at parallel parking but gave it a try. Surprisingly enough I did a good job. Now I'm more confident about it and do it more often.
Ellen saw a soap that was on sale. She decided to try the new soap. Her skin broke out in rashes. Ellen threw away the bars of new soap. She went back to her usual soap.
The young buck stood on the doorstep eating flowers out of the pot. Inside the house the little dog was barking like crazy. Joe stopped painting to see what was going on. He didn't see the buck so he let the dog out to get it to be quiet. The dog chased that buck all the way down the street.
This morning I decided to take the subway to work. A homeless man boarded at a busy downtown stop. He began asking everyone for money. I was hesitant but others gave money without thinking. This reminded me to be more selfless and compassionate.
Bob was always beaten by his brother at chess. He decided to enlist the help of a local chess champion. Bob studied very hard. He challenged his brother to a match. He finally came out victorious.
Marcus had always wanted to try wearing bright colored shoes. His friends and family told him to keep his normal shoes. One day Marcus saw a pair of stylish red sneakers at a shoes store. He loved them so much he bought them without even trying them on. Now all of his friends and family envy his style.
Harry really liked Cho. He wanted to ask her to the Yule Dance. One day he managed to nervously ask her to it. She said she had already been asked by another boy. He went with another girl.
Olga realized that the summer was ending and school would start soon. Olga needed to buy school supplies for her children. She made lists of what she needed to purchase. Olga visited many different stores during that week. She bought everything her children needed.
It was late in the afternoon. Katie asked for a peanut butter sandwich because she was hungry. I made her a sandwich. She ate her sandwich. Katie was too full to eat her dinner that night.
She was obviously a Daddy's girl. He had woken her up early to surprise her. He was going to take her to Disneyland. She was extremely excited. She hugged him and thanked him joyfully.
Tara was the captain of her volleyball team. She wanted to motivate her team at practice. She gave a big motivational speech. Her teammates were inspired by her words. Her team ended up winning the next game.
The Smith family got two new kittens. After a couple of days their youngest child got sick. When the doctor looked at him it was obvious he was allergic. Though the family was sad they knew what they had to do. Very quickly a new loving home was found for the kittens.
My friend introduced me to this seafood restaurant. He tried to surprise me by ordering a special soup. When the waiter decided to bring the food, I was excited. I placed my spoon inside of the soup. A living squid unexpectedly started to climb on it.
Gina was being harassed by a boy in class named Dave. So she requested the teacher move his desk. Gina watched as the teacher informed him of the move. Gina hoped it would upset him. To her dismay he seemed not to care at all.
Daisy raised ducks as a child. She mainly collected the eggs from the mothers. One day she came across an oddly shaped egg. She decided to keep it in her house for a short time. Soon the egg hatched and Daisy had her own pet dove!
Tina hired Stacy. She was supposed to watch her kids. But when Tina got back she noticed something. The kids ate too much candy. So she fired Stacy.
Nik was dating Jess. Jess was a crazy girl. She stalked Nik when they weren't together. She got mad about everything. So Nick decided to propose to her.
Oliver kept asking his mom for a cupcake. She reminded him each time that he had to eat dinner first. Oliver was too impatient to wait. He decided to sneak into the kitchen and started eating a cupcake. Then, his mom caught him and banned him from eating any cupcakes.
I loved eating cheese! Alas, rare cheeses were too expensive for me to afford. I decided to try my hand at homemade cheese. Alas, I didn't have the patience to wait for my cheese to age. Ultimately, I decided to cut my cable bill so I could buy rare cheese.
I was feeling rather tired. So I decided to make some coffee. I put the k cup in the machine and made it strong. When I tasted it it kicked in instantly. I was then awake all night.
Josephine had an unusual long nose. She was very aware of it and tried to powder it to make it smaller. As it didn't work very well, people kept looking at her. Until she found a man with a longer nose and married him. Since then, people look at both of them and Josephine doesn't care.
Bob walked to the top of a tall hill. He put down his skateboard and held it with his foot. Bob mounted the board and began to roll down. Bob flew down the hill at a great speed. When the hill leveled out Bob kept going for a long time.
Brad was at a park with his friends late at night. They were laughing and joking around. Someone came to the park and held them up. Brad got hit in the face. Since then, he's been nervous about being out after dark.
Tim wanted to play the drums. He signed up for classes after school. At first he just whacked away with his sticks. But his teacher slowly taught him rhythm. After a while, Tim was drumming like a professional!
Kevin always wanted to be a priest. Yesterday, he visited a monastery to learn more. He enjoyed his visit, but something felt wrong to him. He decided that he didn't want to be a priest anymore. Now he wants to be an engineer.
I had a friend by the name of Brian. When I visited Brian several weeks ago, he wasn't looking too well. I told Brian that he wasn't looking too well. Brain responded by telling me he had lost a lot of weight. Then Brian said he'd like to see a doctor and I offered him a ride.
Bill was arrested for being drunk in public for the third time. His bail was set at $5,000 so he preferred to pay it with time served. Bill was beat by his inmates for a total of ten minutes. He sued the county and won because the guards were just watching. Bill is now a millionaire but he can't walk so he remains bitter.
Henry is a four-year old boy who lives down the hall from us. I met Henry and his mother Julia while sitting on a bench outside. Henry and Julia were very friendly to me. I gave Henry a few toys because I liked him. I hope Henry and Julia stay here for awhile.
We went to a restaurant to celebrate some good news. There was a large party, probably 12 of us. We had a very good waitress and wanted to make sure she knew it. So we gave her a larger than usual tip. She was so excited she actually started to cry.
Bob decided at 17 to join the marine corps. He was very nervous but decided to make the plunge. When Bob got to boot camp it was very tough on him. He struggled through most of it but finally made it through. Bob graduated with his platoon and never looked back.
My mother was cleaning the stove. Although it was hot, she continued to wipe the top down. Part of the stove short-circuited. She ended up getting burned. Her hand had a burn on the side of it.
Tonight I played 4 games of speed chess with Tim. I won the first game. Then I lost the next two. I rallied and won the last game. Tim offered to call the series a draw.
Tim and Mary were a happy couple who loved the outdoors. They went star gazing one night. They hoped to see a shooting star. They saw a shooting star. They had a great time seeing the shooting star.
The girl had very long hair. SHe went in for her first haircut. The stylist trimmed the bottom. Her hair was much smoother and shinier when it was trimmed. She felt like a new girl!
Chad's favorite band was Creed. Chad found out they would be in concert next week. Chad decided he would purchase tickets for the concert. However, Chad quickly found out the tickets were sold out. Chad was dismayed that he would not be able to see the concert.
A man wanted to improve his tennis skills. He began studying the exact body movements of professional players. He began emulating their form exactly. He filmed himself to compare it to the professionals. He eventually saw his skills dramatically improve.
Riley loved driving his Charger. Riley drove way too fast while in town. Riley was pulled over by police for speeding. Riley was written a ticket. He had no idea how to tell his parents.
Chris went to church every week. One Sunday, he woke up feeling sick. He missed church. The pastor called him later, furious with Chris about his absence. Chris told him to lighten up, rolled a fatty, and became atheist.
Kelly really needed some new headphones. Her current ones were splitting. Luckily she got some as a gift. She immediately put them in. They were great.
Tom loved the winter. He had always wanted to go skiing. The first time out he fell and hurt himself. He was unable to ski for a short while. As soon as he got better Tom Tried again.
Bill had a girlfriend named Kat. Bill took Kat to a scary movie. Kat was very spooked by the movie, jumping several times. Kat clung to Bill throughout the whole show. Bill loved the fact that Kat felt safer by being close to him.
Allie had to make a presentation. She had to do it in front of her class. She was rather nervous. She got up there and froze. She forgot all her lines.
Richard is dreading this 3 hour survey. He knows he needs to get started. Richard forces himself to start the survey. It goes much faster than he thought. Richard is proud of himself for completing it.
Tom's apartment was broken into. They took his big screen television. Tom never found out who did it. He never got the television back. Tom had to buy a new one.
Marcus was sitting on an airplane calmly. Suddenly a child started kicking the back seat. Marcus told the parents who ignored him. So Marcus got an idea. He yelled at the child who stopped at last.
I'd always wanted to date an NFL player. By chance, I met a player at a venue. We went out on a few dates. He was boring and arrogant, so I had no fun. I swore off NFL players since then.
Bobby is getting ready to go fishing. He packs up all his finishing gear. After packing up his gear, he makes sure he has enough food. He loads up everything into his car. Bobby is now ready to enjoy his weekend fishing.
When I started the race, I was incredibly nervous. Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow. Seeing the one mile marker ahead, I increased my speed. Passing the two mile mark, I started to get a leg cramp. By mile five, I had to stop, and couldn't finish the race.
I just finished my first batch of pies and carried it outside. My mother helped me set up a stand to hold the pies. We stood behind the stand for several hours. Several people came buy to purchase pies. We ended up with $100 dollars at the end of the day.
Kia was taking her road test. She was very nervous! She worried that her nerves were affecting her driving. But after the test, the instructor turned to her and smiled. He told Kia she had passed!
Tina went to the casino. She thought she would try her luck. So she sat down at the slots. She played for ten minutes. To her surprise she one one million dollars.
I recently started running. I prefer to run on the treadmill because it is cool inside. After a while, treadmill running is boring. So, I started watching movies on my tablet while I run. Now my running time flies by!
Ray wanted a nice garden in his front yard. So he bought gardening tools, plants, and seeds. Day after day, he worked on his garden. And he was close to giving up. But after it was finished, he was proud of himself.
Sam had been going to the local pool for swim lessons each week. He had noticed one of the lifeguards was very sweet and pretty. He wanted to ask her out, but he was nervous. Then one day she asked him to stay a little after class. She pulled him aside and shyly asked him for a date!
Sarah wanted to save money on a coffee grinder. So she bought a manual one instead of an electric one. But when she used it to grind coffee beans, she quickly became tired. And it took over 10 minutes for her to grind enough coffee beans. Sarah ended up buying a new electric grinder.
Jill was away at college. She had never done laundry before but figured it couldn't be too hard. She put a load in. When she took it out, all her white clothes were now pink. She hadn't sorted the colors from the whites!
A little boy was throwing a fit because he did not want to go to bed. The mom tried convincing him that sleep was good for him. The little boy did not care and wanted a story instead. The mother decided to read him the story of the boy who hated beds. The little boy enjoyed the story and fell asleep.
The kids were running to a house. They knocked on the door. An adult dressed up as superman came out with a bag. He gave a handful of candy to each person. The kids left after they received the candy.
She said she had the measles. He said he did not believe her. She kissed him on the forehead. He said that was yucky. She said he was right.
We wanted to get a new sofa for our living room. Unfortunately we couldn't afford a new sofa. We looked in lots of magazines for ideas to revamp our sofa. We bought a new sofa cover and some new cushions. When our friends came to visit they thought we had a new sofa!
Jill was expecting her first child. The pregnancy was very painful so far. This morning she felt contractions. She immediately called her husband. He rushed her to the hospital.
It was Zack's birthday. His mom said they could go anywhere to eat. Zack chose his favorite restaurant. His family went to a pizza joint in town. Zack ordered his favorite pizza.
Olson was not very adventurous when it came to food. He had never tried sushi before. His friend started easing him into it, making recommendation. He tried a few pieces and enjoyed most of them. He drew the line at octopus and refused to try it.
The crowd filled the stadium. Somebody called in a bomb threat. They announced the threat over the loudspeaker. The crowd panicked. Two people were trampled in the evacuation.
Herb loved meditation. It kept him sober. he recently took time off from meditation. Herb had started drinking again. Herb had relapsed and fell ill.
Michael had a cavity that needed to be filled. He was afraid it might hurt when the dentist filled ot. After the appointment, Michael explained he hadn't felt any pain at al. His mouth was only a little numb. The best part was picking a toy as a prize for being a good patient.
Catherine is potting some new flowers. She had recently bought an assortment. She is decorating a reading nook on her patio. After placing the flowers in pots, she began decorating. Catherine is very pleased with her flowers.
As a child Frank thought 'nobody' was the name of a person. Frank felt that people were entirely too negative towards nobody. People seemed to become scarce when nobody was around. They spoke ill of parties which nobody had attended. The misunderstanding became a charming anecdote later in life.
Cara and her family went on their first trip to Disney last summer. They went to magic kingdom & Epcot. They all had a blast. The only issue was the horrible humidity. Other than the humidity, they had fun.
Marcus had always wanted to become a pilot. Pilot school was expensive though. Marcus worked hard at a job after high school to save up. Marcus had saved up enough money. Marcus went to pilot school and took his first flight.
I spent a lot of my time fishing by the beach. One day, I met beautiful Rea who fished exactly at my spot. I challenged Rea to a fishing competition to get my spot back. She defeated me and I had to do whatever she asked. Luckily, he asked me to take her on a date and so we dated ever since.
George loved learning about prehistoric animals. He built a travelling museum which visited many schools. The children loved to hear George speak and see his great fossils. One day, the children told George they had a surprise for him. The had made him a dinosaur out of cardboard boxes.
Billy is driving home from work. He is so exhausted from the work. His eyes start to close. He falls asleep behind the wheel. Billy crashes into a tree.
Mark had a favorite toy that he loved to play with every day. One day Mark's friend asked to play with Mark's favorite toy. Mark's friend accidentally broke Mark's toy while playing with it. Mark's mother repaired his favorite toy for him. Mark is now very careful about sharing his favorite toy.
When the nurse finally began to listen, she called the doctor. The doctor said my son was in distress. The pitocin drip was finally stopped. The doctor arrived and sent me to surgery. He performed a cesarean section.
Andrew loved his father's car. Andrew's father knew that and was going to give him the car. It was Andrew's birthday. After dinner Andrew's father a took Andrew to the front yard. Andrew was so happy to have his father's old car.
Percy was wading in the creek up to his thighs. He swung the fly rod around over his head wildly. As soon as it landed he felt the bite and yanked. It was a fight but he landed the trout. When cleaning the fish he found a gold ring inside.
Tom owned a Siberian Husky. He could tell the dog was not happy. He did not know what was troubling the dog. He took the dog to the vet. The vet shaved the dog's hair and the dog became happier.
Carl caught a fever over the weekend. He did not go to school on the following Monday. His mom fixed a bowl of chicken noodle soup for him. Carl felt better a few days later. He returned to school that following Thursday.
The elderly woman was sitting on the porch swing watching traffic. She wondered why no one ever came to visit her anymore. A car pulled into her driveway. She couldn't imagine who that could possibly be. Her grandson stepped out of the car in his navy uniform.
My wife works for a property management firm. One of their customers owns a pizza shop. He came in for business and gave the staff three pizza pies. My wife brought home some leftovers. We had a nice dinner that day.
Pepper was very excited about the dinosaur bones. The archaeologists came to Pepper's house to look at them. They dug up the bones and took them to the museum. At the museum, they cleaned the bones. They put the clean bones on display for people to see.
Ron loved music so much. Ron began writing and performing tunes on his keyboard on You Tube. Rob's videos went viral. Ron got a call from a producer at ESPN. Now ESPN's Sportscenter show opens to a tune by Rob!
Ramon visited a dude ranch for his birthday. He had never ridden a horse before, but he was excited to try. Things went well at first, but then the horse bolted. Ramon thought that he might fall off, but he held on. It was one of the most exciting birthdays Ramon ever had.
Becky was fighting a lot with her parents. One morning they woke up and discovered that she had run away. They put up posters and searched everywhere. Then, one day they heard a knock on the door. Becky had returned home.
Tim loved to listen to songs. His favorite music was folk. Tim wanted to learn to play folk music. Tim went to many concerts and shows. Tim tried his hand at folk music and was pretty good at it.
Chris was in a rush to open a bottle of wine. He twisted the corkscrew into the cork as fast as he could. He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out. The cork tore in two pieces. Chris had to remove the cork from the corkscrew and start again.
Angel wanted to go to church. She had no transportation. She knew it would take an hour to walk to the church if she walked. She put on her walking shoes and started walking. She arrived five minutes before the service began.
Stanley got extremely furious when there was no cooked food home. He always expected his parents to cook for him. When they came home, Stanley yelled at them. His parents asked why he can't learn to cook for himself. He said that it wasn't necessary since he was living with them.
My sister had a phone. She was watching a video on it. I asked her if I could watch afterwards. She told me that I could. I watched a different video than her.
Christian went to church one Sunday. He was trying to get forgiveness for his sins. The priest took him into the confessional. Christian confessed all his darkest thoughts. After listening, the priest told him there was no hope for him.
Gina liked taking her dog on walks. Her dog would snap and growl at other dogs on these walks. Gina wanted to do something about this. So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others. After a while, her dog started to act more friendly to other dogs.
My parents worked hard all of their lives. They always had a goal of retiring to Florida. In two years they will both be eligible to retire from work. Last week they purchased their retirement home in Florida. I'm happy for them, they both deserve it.
Javier was tech savvy. All his friend relied on him for tech help. He loved being of service but his friends often abused him. They called for simple matters they could have looked up themselves. Javier eventually only accepted to help when it was an emergency.
I was taking a long business trip one evening. I got terribly lost and my cell phone had died. It was dark and began to rain and I felt myself getting very anxious. I pulled into a gas station and asked for directions. In an hour I arrived safely at the hotel and fell asleep!
The nation was tense. Their president had just declared war. The soldiers prepared for battle. It was the first war they'd been in in decades. The president asked for the nation's support.
Dan's computer suddenly stopped working. Dan took the computer to a local technician's shop. The technician said Dan's computer was completely fried. He said all Dan could do was buy a new computer. Reluctantly, Dan bought a brand new laptop, costing him 600 bucks.
Terena's grandmother was a painter. She wanted Terena to learn how to paint. She bought her a tempera set. She showed her how to use the brush. They painted together every week until Teresa's grandma died.
Tim was angry at his girlfriend. He didn't know how to properly communicate that. Instead he just lashed out. Tim's girlfriend didn't appreciate it. They wound up breaking up under bad terms.
Bert wanted to see an action movie but Jenny wanted to see a comedy. They argued back and forth trying to find a compromise. When John arrived, he said he wanted to see a horror movie. Bert and Jenny refused to go. John then proposed to pay for popcorn and sodas, and they all went.
Jake's car was running poorly. He took it to the mechanic to get it checked up. His mechanic told him he needed a new muffler. His mechanic installed the new part afterwards. Jake was able to pick up his car the day after.
It was finally the day of the big game. Heather and her friends were going to tailgate. They had all their food and drinks planned out. They got to their spot and started tailgating. They had a great time before the game and were hoping for a win.
Thomas wanted a new Playstation 4. His parents couldn't afford to buy him one. Thomas's mother decided to buy him a Nintendo 64 instead. He was upset until he started to play it. Now, Thomas loves his new Nintendo 64.
Greta's mom noticed something funny was going on with her eyes. One of her eyes was turning in while the other one didn't. Greta's mom took Greta to an ophthalmologist to have them checked. The doctor gave her some glasses but said she might need surgery. Eventually, Greta got surgery on her eyes and now they're straight.
During class, someone threw an eraser at the teacher. She stood up from her desk and yelled at us. She decided to blame Harry, who usually causes trouble. The security guard escorted him out of the class. A few minutes later, Gina confessed to me that she did it.
Pat was great at arcade games. He was especially good at playing pinball. He practiced for hours every weekend. When a tournament was listed, Pat was the first to sign up. Pat won by a landslide.
Kara needed some new shoes. Her feet were killing her inside of her current ones. She went to the shoe salon to get fitted. To her dismay, her feet were far too big for her shoes. Immediately she went to get new ones.
Gabby was interested in joining the local soccer league. Her cousin was on one of the teams. Gabby went watch one of her cousin's games. Gabby immediately knew she would have fun playing. Gabby joined the league the next day.
Gia wanted to get a new pet. She went to the shelter and found the perfect dog. He was tiny and brown. Gia took him home and spoiled him. They made the perfect pair!
Robin played the flute in her rock band. Her band had an important competition coming up. The day of the competition she became too ill to play. Robin's band could not play without her. Robin felt guilty for being sick.
Jane was walking in the plaza. A stranger grabbed her arm slowly. She freaked out and stepped away. He said that his name is Andrew. She realized that they're friends in high school.
After the family set up the food, we all sat down. My aunt gave a small prayer before we started to eat. I didn't get a good amount of food since the family was huge. I started to yell since the food was almost finished. Instead of feeling bad, everyone was laughing.
Neil took a train to the city of Rabat. There, he visited many temples and mosques. He admired the Islamic art and mosaics. He also enjoyed the street food. Neil thought Rabat had the best street food ever!
Henry was traveling across the country by bus. One of the stops was taking an unexpectedly long time. Henry went to the counter and asked about his bus. He was informed that it wouldn't be much longer. Sure enough, his bus arrived shortly after.
Adam had a paper due the next day. He'd only written half of it. He decided he had to get serious. He stayed up all night finishing the paper. By morning, it was 100% complete!
He had an abiding fear of people. He hated being stuck in small spaces with others. Elevators were the worst. He took the stairs to avoid people. The fire alarm went off and people poured into the stairway.
I laid in bed, wanting to sleep in. My stomach was bothering me too much. I sat up partway using lots of pillows. The pain relieved a little bit. I fell asleep in that awkward position.
I dropped out of school. I thought having fun was more important. I ended up with a crappy job. Now I'm back in school to try to get a better job. I found out school is necessary.
Paul's speciality was fried chicken. However, something happened this time. As he was cooking, he got distracted. Paul's chicken turned black. It was ruined and he had to order pizza.
Sasha had snuck out of her house one night. After attending a party she was a bit drunk. She tried to get back into her house, drunk the whole time. Despite being very loud and clumsy luckily no one woke up. She managed to make it to bed safely without being caught.
Bill wanted to create a video game. He took a course to learn computer languages and coding. He used his knowledge to write a video game app. He sold the app. He made lots of money and was happy.
Nancy went to a local ice cream factory. She ordered two containers of ice cream for her kids. They sat down in front of the school. Her son devoured all of his ice cream. Once they were finished, they went home.
Randall has never liked being outside in nature. However, his mother encourages him to get out of the house. Randall decides to visit a nearby forest. Randall is stung by a bee at the forest. He decides that he was right to dislike being outside.
Ben's friend told him a local house was haunted. She dared him to go inside it. Ben was nervous, but he agreed. He went inside it and saw no ghosts or spooky things at all. He told his friend the house wasn't really haunted after all!
Bob made a sand castle at the beach. He finished before high tide came in. He watched as the waves tore apart his castle. Bob took a picture before it was destroyed. He showed people the picture all day to brag about his work.
Lauren and her husband could not agree on how to split up chores. She felt she was always cleaning the kitchen. Lauren then asked her husband if they could alternate every week. He agreed and said it was a good idea. Now household chores are distributed evenly.
Scott had helped produce a school play. It was the play's final night. The actors had just finished and were bowing. They invited the crew out on the stage. There, the crew bowed as well.
Three guys were living in an apartment. They decided that they wanted another roommate. They found someone but didn't realize they were a girl. They weren't sure if they should let her move in, but eventually did. They all became best friends.
Kelsey wanted some new jewelry. Her husband said she could pick anything she wanted. She found a gorgeous, sparkly diamond. She had it set in a ring. Kelsey looked at the ring every day.
The man liked the flavor. He tried to recreate it at home. He could not get the flavor right. He asked the owner of the recipe for help. The owner of the flavor sold him the recipe.
Rosie started drinking alcohol at age 16. After high school, Rosie drank every night. One day, Rosie decided to drive her car after drinking. Rosie got into an accident by drunk driving. Rosie had to go to rehab for drunk driving.
Charles heard about the free party line through a friend. Just call the party line and you'll be connected with a girl. Charles took his time, talking to several women before choosing. He asked a girl name Clarice to meet him at a hotel. Just when didn't think she would show, the cutest blonde arrived.
Mary is walking home. Marry feels someone grab her. They take her purse. They run off. Mary tries to run to catch them but cannot catch them.
Chris had gone to the beach. The waves on the shore were very strong. The lifeguards put up warning flags on the beach. Chris decided not to swim at the beach. He returned to the beach the next week.
Peter was putting together a confusing puzzle the other day. He tried really hard, but he couldn't figure it out. He called over Mary to help him with it. Mary is really good at puzzles. Mary helped Peter put together the puzzle.
Samantha was cruising down the interstate. She had her music blasting loud singing along. Then she saw smoke coming from her cars hood. She pulled over and cried. She called her daddy to come rescue her from the side of the road.
Tom was playing a shooting game online. He kept getting hit and losing. Tom kept missing all his shots. He complained that it was the connection. Everyone didn't believe him and just mocked him.
Tina went to the beach to get a suntan. She spread out her towel and lay in the sun. But after a few minutes, she dozed off. Tina woke up hours later to see that she'd burned terribly. She was very angry at herself for falling asleep!
Wendy hated her freckles. She saw a magazine article that said lemon juice removed freckles. Wendy found lemons in the refrigerator and cut them for her skin. The lemons only made Wendy's skin sting. The next day, Wendy's mom scolded her for wasting lemons.
Kelly wanted to go to the new candy shop. It just opened up around the corner. When Kelly walked in she was amazed. Everything looked delicious. She ended up buying five bags of candy.
I registered to the reddit internet forum. I thought most people there were just trolling. After months of posting, I realized most people are simply ignorant. My posts became more inflammatory and frustrated. I was kicked and banned yesterday for rage comments.
Mike went to the mall with his mom today. Without telling her, he walked away from her and into a toy store. Inside the toy store Mike realized his mom was no longer with him. Mike went back out and found a police officer. The officer called for Mike's mom, and they were reunited.
Lucy hadn't eaten since noon. She was upset about something that happened with a boy. It was midnight, and she was now hungry. She stood in the fridge looking for something to eat. She sat in the dark eating cold leftover chicken.
I was recently laid off from my job. At first I was upset but then I noticed I liked having time off. I've always had ideas for start up businesses. I've just never had time to pursue any of them until now. I've started two fresh business of my own and I'm doing just fine.
Kate was drinking soda in her mom's car. She knew she wasn't supposed to. Her mother hit the brakes suddenly. The soda spilled on the seat and the floor. Kate was grounded for a week.
Tyler played football in Nebraska. He was practicing throwing the football one crisp evening. He threw it so far it fell into the corn fields. Tyler ran into the cornfield searching for it. He was shocked to see a giant crop circle had been made.
The young kids planted a lot of things in their backyard. They harvested the corn and zucchini first. The grilled them that night. They were so delicious! The kids decided they would plant a garden every year.
Jamie walked from her beach house down to the beach. She wanted to watch the sunset. On the way down she stepped on a starfish. She picked up the starfish and threw it back in. She enjoyed the sunset and felt good about what she had done.
Mary was unhappy with her messy home. It was unfortunate that work had kept her so busy though. Mary decided to take a day off from work. She spent the day spring cleaning her house, scrubbing everything. Now that it's clean, Mary is much more comfortable.
Bill decided to ride his bicycle to school. On the way there, he got a flat tire. A man saw Bill's flat tire and stopped his car. The driver offered to drive Bill to school. Bill made it to school on time.
Billy decided to grow a paired goatee. He started shaving a straight line up his chin. His friends and family told him he looked immensely silly. Billy didn't care what any of them thought. He liked the way he looked and kept his facial hair how he wanted it.
I was training to be an Olympic athlete. I ran two miles every day. I did one hundred pushups every day. All of that work was exhausting. So I decided to just watch the Olympics on tv.
David wanted to shop for black friday. There was a great deal on the ps4. He got there and there was chaos. He wasn't able to get the ps4 due to the amount of people. He waited for cyber monday.
Finding the keys to my car was the only thing on my mind. My wife had her water break and my first child was on his way. Frantically I searched the fridge for 5 minutes before I realized it. High and low, the keys were nowhere to be found. That's when I realized they were in the ignition, with my wife waiting.
Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia. He left India, where he had been journeying, and went to Nepal. There, he saw gorgeous mountain vistas. A guide even offered to take him up to Everest. Neil loved being so close to the mountains in Nepal!
Jane had a big crush on Jack. Jane was invited to a party. Jack happened to show up at the party. Jane became shy and introverted. She left the party early.
The Kim's wanted to have a family dinner. It was Thanksgiving and they wanted a tradition. Unfortunately they burned the turkey. They also messed up the sides. They wound up eating pizza instead.
Dave's favorite restaurant had gotten a new manager. Many of the menu items had changed. Dave was no longer able to get his favorite meal. Dave complained to the manager. The manager put some of the items back on the menu.
Becky went to sit on Santa's lap. She had been waiting 3 hours to do this. She noticed she had to use the restroom. Santa asked her what she wanted. She told him she would be right back and left quickly.
As Gwen graduated High School, she couldn't decide what job she wanted. One day on the news, she saw that there had been a horrible murder. She wanted to help, and decided to become an FBI profiler. She headed to school and worked extremely hard. She graduated at the top of her class and went on to have a great job.
Jane is at the beach. Jane went tanning while she was at the beach. Jane loves to tan. Jane bought a brand new tanning oil to use while she's at the beach. When Jane returned from the beach, she was very tan.
My daughter's college roommate was rich. Her father had retired at forty five. He complained about the high cost of college. He applied for financial aid and was denied. I thought he was being very facetious, and thought less of him.
Kenny and his mom were not getting along. He was mad that his mom divorced his dad. Kenny and his mom finally had to have a talk. His mom explained that his dad was having an affair. Kenny finally understood and felt contrite.
Ronny the butcher liked to cut meat. He swung his cleaver all day at hanging meat. As he swung, he wondered what it would be like if the meat was moving. Then he heard a person call his name. He brought them their fresh cut prime rib, and then went back to work.
I always thought I was a good fighter, until I had one. I was in the seventh grade and Norman was the class bully. In a game of football I knocked Norman down. He stood up and then punched me in the eye. My eye swelled, turned black and I didn't have the courage to punch.
Joe was in a classroom waiting for the bell to ring. He was looking around to see if there is anything to do. Joe didn't see anything he could do at all. He just sat there for an hour waiting. Joe is dying of boredom.
Felix taught science at the local high school. Many of his students thought he was rather goofy for a teacher. Felix once held a class experiment that involved a small explosion. While the students were impressed, the school was upset with Felix. He was not fired, but Felix was given a stern warning by his boss.
Robin's mom had already left for work. She decided she was too sick to go to school. There wasn't much in the house to eat. She made a bowl of cereal and went back to bed. She ate cereal while watching reruns of old TV shows.
Rider was raised by a single mom. One day his wife got pregnant. He was very nervous. Rider told his wife he would not leave his kids. He wants to be different than his dad.
It was game night at my family's house. We all played chess. Whoever won the most got to sit in the big comfy chair. I easily defeated all of my family members. After the game I took my seat in the big comfy chair.
I wrote an article analyzing a long song by Jethro Tull. I thought it would be a good feature on a  music website. Music websites usually just run articles about modern music. I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles. I still haven't managed to get the article accepted anywhere
Sam was riding his bike through the park. He noticed an apple tree laden with fruit. He stopped to pick the fruit and took some home. There, his mom made a delicious apple pie. Then she thanked Sam for providing help with dessert!
Jim's dad worked at the tire repair shop. Every day after school, Jim would wait for his dad to get off of work. Jim got bored one and and started to play with a display. He knocked down a display of tool sets. The shop owner told Jim not to hang around anymore.
Reese had two ferrets. The ferrets scratched Reese on the arm. Reese was worried the scratch was infected. Reese went to the doctors to check it out. The scratches were not infected.
Janice and her friends were trying to win a scavenger hunt. Her friend Julie read the last clue. They raced to their destination. Janice stopped the car and collected the last item. They won the scavenger hunt.
Rosa developed a rash on her hands and arms. She went to her doctor to get a diagnosis. Rosa's doctor told her that she had poison ivy. He prescribed some medications to help her recover. Rosa was glad she went to the doctor when her rash cleared up.
Christian wanted to play basketball with his friends after school. He has a test that he took during school that he failed miserably. The teacher called home to tell his parents about the failed test. He asked his parents when he got home to if he can go play ball. His parents said no to playing and that he needed to study more.
Tom was a college student. He needed a laptop for school. He went shopping with his father. They found a great laptop. Tom was prepared for school and very happy.
Kyle dreaded starting high school. She feared she'd be mocked for having a masculine name. But in her first class, she met a girl named Jordan! In other classes, she met girls naked Sam, Ash and Joey. Kyle found that her masculine name wasn't uncool - it was popular!
Jeff traveled to Italy for a vacation. He took a tour of Pompeii. Feeling the stillness there made him feel somber. He wondered what it would have been like to be there for the tragedy. He was glad he was only a tourist.
Maddie was angry at her boyfriend for tricking her recently. To get him back she filled oreos with toothpaste. She gave him the full pack at school as a gift. He unknowingly ate all of the cookies without noticing. When he found out the truth, he was so grossed out.
The kids rented a scary movie. They watched it together. They all got very frightened. They couldn't fall asleep. The next morning the kids were very tired.
My seven year old son was very excited about the Olympics. We turned on the television the first morning the games were on. He was so excited to watch the games. After ten minutes of watching water polo he was bored. He found out it is way better to play sports than watch them.
Carl was annoyed by his roommate. One night the roommate forgot to fully close the door. A bunch of bugs got in. It was the last straw for Carl. He confronted his roommate and it turned into an argument.
It was a cold early morning. Bob didn't feel like getting out of bed. He slept through his alarm. When he finally woke up, he realized he was late for work. Bob decided to call in sick to work to take the rest of the day off.
Cody was a great child growing up. He was obedient, disciplined and very smart. From a very young age he knew he wanted to graduate early. So he worked extra hard and did school even during his summers. In the end it paid off and Cody graduated from school 2 years early.
Bob thought the scenery in West Texas was awful. He bought four thousand acres of land. He put in two roads. He incorporated the town of NoTrees. The scenery now consists of solid shade.
Tom was out hiking. He didn't realize there would be so much water. He didn't wear the right shoes. His shoes got soaked and covered in mud. Tom had to throw them out.
Archer gets phone calls all the time. People are always asking for money. He was sick of the calls. He decided to get rid of his home phone. Now he never gets sales calls!
Sara liked artwork a lot. She made glass sculptures for a museum. The theme was for fantasy creatures. She made her favorite character out of green glass. It was puff the magic dragon.
Patti and JoAnne were best friends. One day JoAnne was caught kissing Patti's crush. Patti was distraught and wouldn't talk to JoAnne. JoAnne apologized and said she didn't mean to hurt Patti. Patti didn't accept and they never talked again.
One day my friend was walking down the street in Baltimore. He felt a sharp pain in his back and turned around. He saw someone with a knife and realized he had been stabbed. The man fled and my friend went to the hospital. He was in the hospital for several weeks.
One day, Manny's mother said they would be staying at a hotel. Manny had never been to a hotel before. He was very excited. When they arrived, Manny and his mother ordered room service. It was delicious!
Greg went out to take a walk He went to the grocery store. He had no reason to buy anything. He bought an apple though. He ate it on the walk back.
The wind was getting very bad by Rick's house. Rick went in to check the weather report. He saw a tornado was coming, but his brother was still outside. He ran out and picked up his little brother. They both made it safely to the basement, but the house was destroyed.
Today I brought home a new cat. I decided to name him Muffin. Muffin accidentally broke my mother's vase. Mother was angry. I trained Muffin and Mom was happy.
Sam was in a hurry to get to work. He put on the wrong pair of socks. They were dirty and smelly. Sam decided to buy a new pair during his lunch break. He threw the old ones in a trash can near the store.
Susie had a late night the night before. She got no sleep as a result. So when she got to class she could not focus. She ended up dozing off. But doing so got her a detention.
My brother took his brother-in-law in for surgery yesterday. It was day surgery. His brother-in-law has polio and needs crutches. When he was released he was groggy and slow. It took an hour to get him up the stairs.
Ari had a bad cough for weeks. He kept dismissing it as nothing. But after a month, his wife demanded he see a doctor. It was lucky that Ari listened to his wife. His cough turned out to be pneumonia!
Sue was listening to music in her room. All of a sudden, she got a call from a recruiter. The recruiter was willing to offer her a job. The job included a $50,000 relocation package. Sue accepted the job the very next day.
The couple's new house was a big upgrade from their apartment. They were most excited about their big garage! It could fit both their cars in it. They could also store all their possessions in it. The couple couldn't wait to move in!
I tried to move my computer. I took it from one room to another one. When I got it there it was very hard to hook up. Someone had zip tied all the cords. I spent a long time cutting the cords.
I stepped outside to get the mail. The fog was so thick I couldn't see the mail box. I followed the driveway to the street. From there I followed the street to the mailbox. There was no mail yet.
We were crossing the plains and following the wildebeest migration. Ours was the only truck we could see in all directions. After stopping to take pictures, the truck would not start. Our driver got out to fix it and scared a herd of hyenas in the grass. The driver fixed the truck and continued on to our lodge.
James wanted a sandwich. There was a loaf of bread on his kitchen counter. James got out the peanut butter and jelly. James opened the bread bag, and found it was green. The bread was moldy, so James didn't make a sandwich.
The neighbors were listening to music. It was very loud. I knocked on their door. They could not hear me. I put my headphones in my ears.
I was looking on a jobsite for work yesterday. A new post came up that was perfect. I ran to the bus stop close to me. I missed the bus and had to wait for the next one. I got there just minutes after they hired someone else.
Julia needed to return home from her college camps in Texas. As Julia started her car for the trip she heard a radio announcement. The broadcaster said there were tornadoes spotted near Julia. Julia silently prayed as she began to drive. Julia made it all the way home without incident!
Jane knew bad weather was coming. She ignored the warnings and went out anyway. As she was on the road, her car got pelted by hail. Her windshield was busted. She could no longer drive with her ruined windshield.
Cole wanted to invest his money in some way. He found out that his company has a 401K to invest in. The company would even match Cole's investments up to five percent. Cole immediately signed up. A year later Cole has over doubled his money.
Eliza had a baby 6 weeks ago. She went into to her doctor for a postpartum exam. Eliza had to leave a urine sample before her appointment. When the doctor came in the room they had big news for her. Eliza was pregnant again!
Mark was a repairman. He started fixing things when he was very young. His dad taught him everything he knew. Then, he went to a trade school to learn more. Now, he's the first repair business in the phone book.
Ben walked outside to get the mail. Several mosquitoes swarmed around him. They landed on his legs and bit him. When he came inside, he was scratching his legs. He continued to scratch them until tomorrow.
Ivy wanted to date Jason, but her parents said no. They thought he was a bad guy. Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason. They decided that Jason was charming and polite and after all. They told Ivy that she was allowed to date him after all!
The Rice family planned a family vacation to the Nation's Capital. They went in late March to see the cherry blossoms. They went to the Tidal Basin as soon as they arrived. They took selfies in front of the cherry blossom trees. The cherry blossoms were as beautiful as they had hoped they would be.
There was this great bar and grill down the street from my work. My coworkers and I would go there on Fridays after our shifts. We would just hang out and talk about work. I was informed today that the bar and grill was shut down. I guess we'll have to find a new place to go from now on.
A man found a dog on the beach. The dog looked very sick and malnourished. The man picked up the dog and drove it to the vet. The vet was able to patch up the dog and make it healthy again. The man adopted the dog and they were very happy.
We decided to stay in last weekend. We had so much housework left to do. We pulled out lots of boxes. We unpacked them and put everything where it belonged. Then we cleaned the items off.
Tommy woke up. He was unable to move. He saw a figure coming closer. He was terrified. Then it disappeared and he could move again.
It was the weekend and Andrew had no school. He wanted to relax for the rest of the day. But his mom made him wash his and her clothes. He was mad that he had to wash. It ruined his day.
I used to bike to work every day. I did it in the rain and often in the snow. I hated getting a flat tire. I would have to lock up the bike and pick it up later in a car. I cannot ride anymore, so I don't have bike flat tires.
There was a stray dog in Joey's neighborhood. The dog would show up at Joey's house every evening. Joey would feed the dog when he put out the trash. Joey asked his parents if he could have the dog. Joey's parents let him have the dog.
Ina's huge ears had always stuck out very far. Her classmates teased her and mocked her. When she turned 18, her parents finally saw the pain she was in. Their gift to her was a cosmetic ear operation. Afterwards, Ina's ears were tiny - and normal!
Mary wanted to find the perfect gift for her granddaughter. She searched all the stores to no avail. When she arrived home, she found a music box her grandma gave her. Mary presented it to her granddaughter. Her granddaughter thanked her with a hug.
Jay was taking a bus back to his apartment. There were too many people in line at the bus stop. Jay's apartment was only about a mile away. Jay decided just to walk back to his apartment. He enjoyed the little exercise he had.
Tina usually spends all Saturday reading books. One Saturday her friend called her and asked her to a movie. Tina was apprehensive, but decided to go to the movie with her friend. She had a great time at the movies, and was thankful she went. Tina decided it is important to spend time with people and read alone.
Badr was the new singer in a small band. He had never been on stage before and was nervous. The venue started filling with people. His band-mates told him not to worry and just sing. Badr stepped on the stage and fainted.
Lucy had stolen a slice of cake. She enjoyed it greatly and wanted more. An hour later she crept back in and stole another slice. She could hear footsteps coming toward the kitchen. She stuffed her mouth with cake and ran to her room.
Norbert's parents told him they were moving to Chicago. His father got a great job there. He dreaded the idea of leaving his friends and starting a new school. The day the movers showed up, he ran away. He only got four blocks before his parents found him.
Clay had a rough day today. He got a flat tire on the way to work, so he was very late. At work, he had to fix five jobs that others had done incorrectly. While working on these jobs, he broke three of his tools! Clay was happy to go home that day, and glad it was Friday!
Two years ago, Todd's car was wrecked in an accident. He couldn't afford to buy another car so he had to walk to work. Todd  saved as much of his paycheck as he could to buy another car. Todd's neighbors noticed he always walked to work. Todd's community came together and bought him a new car.
Gary bumped the hot sauce jar. It spilled and moved all over the floor. My mom smelled something and came outside. She asked who did it and I was quiet. My brother told her that I did it and she got mad.
Elliot was an attractive man. Elliot was also concerned with his appearance. He decided to visit an expensive stylist to cut his hair. He loved the new hair cut. Elliot was a very happy man.
Sam's dog had puppies. Sam tried to help with them. The dog was overly protective. It caused two puppies to die. Sam was able to save the rest.
I was taking a test. Suddenly, my nose started to run. I needed a tissue but there weren't any. I decided to use my shirt to wipe my nose. My teacher saw and scolded me.
The carpet weaver injured his right index finger. He was worried that he could not continue his work. He went to the doctor. The doctor splinted his finger. The weaver could then continue with his work.
Dave wanted to explore the jungle. He was told to take insect repellant. Dave thought he could do without it. After the end of the day, he went to bed. But he couldn't sleep because of the mosquitoes.
Uncle Jock couldn't believe he was rich. He'd just won the lottery, and after taxes, was totally loaded. Jock went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop. He also bought an expensive car, and a slushy at 7-11. Jock lived the good life for a whole year, until he was poor again.
David went on a tour to see the countryside. The bus broke down. David was saddened. Due to time constraint, he either can go home or keep touring. David chose to go home.
Amy rode the bus to work everyday. One day Amy left her bus card at home. She explained to the driver she had no card today. The driver suggested Any pay or go home and get the card. Amy was shocked the driver would be so rude after months of riding.
I went for a walk in the woods today. I came across a beaver dam. It was at least 300 feet long. It had created a small lake from a tiny stream. I had never seen a beaver dam before and was very impressed.
Tanya had recently started walking home from school by herself. On her way home she stopped off at the grocery store. Her father happened to be there shopping. She didn't realize he was watching her slink around the store. When she started putting candy in her pockets her dad busted her.
The kids in the Sunday School were very excited. Their pastor was coming to talk to them! They sat in a circle and listened to him. He told them some Bible stories. When he left, they all waved and smiled.
I tried to go on a fast. And I felt great the first day. But I was too weak and ate a small meal before bed. The next day, I felt even weaker. And I figured that a fast wasn't going to work for me.
Beth wanted to liven up her apartment. So she bought a new plant. She watered it every day. However she watered it too much. The plant died.
School was as normal as it can get. After my class started, the teacher gave us a bell-ringer assignment. When we went into a cafeteria for lunch, they served pizza. In addition, we went to recess. I can still see Sam staying near the slide.
Charles went on a business trip. When he got back his apartment was half empty. His wife was nowhere to be found. There was a note on the refrigerator. His wife had left and filed for divorce.
Ken had an old pair of slippers. They were pretty beat up. Ken really liked how comfortable they were, though. Eventually they started smelling too bad. Ken had to throw them away.
We once had a pet parakeet. We bought him from a flea market without high expectations. After only a week, he seemed to have a nervous breakdown. My sister tried to wake him, but instead he fell over dead. We decided to bury him in the back yard.
Joanne always wanted to go skydiving but was hesitant. Joanne was hesitant to go because she was afraid of heights. Joanne decided to face her fears head on and go skydiving. On her way in the car, she listened to music and took deep breaths. Joanne went sky diving and was very proud of herself.
Hannah was making muffins. She opened the box mix. Then, she mixed the powder and some eggs. Finally, she poured the batter into muffin cups. After a minute in the oven, the muffins were ready to eat.
Sia felt her heart beat faster in her chest. She began to sweat profusely. She tried to walk more slowly, despite her fear. She discarded the yellow post-it note as she passed a trash bin. It said accounting called, and they wanted to meet with her.
Becky is hungry. She wants to eat Mexican food. She convinces her family to go to her favorite Mexican restaurant. They eat all the food that they can. Becky is very satisfied now.
Chet was trying to build a shelf in his home. He picked up a hammer and tried to swing it into the nail. Chet missed the nail and hit his thumb. Chet screamed in pain. Chet's wife brought him a bag of ice to reduce the swelling.
I went to the beach to hang out with some friends. Suddenly, jellyfish appeared everywhere. We couldn't swim in the water. We tried to decide on what to do next. So we had fun taking pictures of the beautiful jellyfish.
Mom was making dessert for after supper. She gathered all the ingredients for her pie on the counter top. She made the filling first and then placed some into the crust. Meanwhile, the oven was preheated to optimal temperature. When that was done, she placed the pie in the oven to be baked.
Amy was hired to work at Marshall's. She was excited since it was her first job. As she waited for the trainer another new employee entered. She was happy not to be the only one in training. Amy felt this job was the beginning of her adult life.
Anna was excited about her first day of kindergarten. Her friend who lived next door was going to the same school. They decided to walk to school together on that first day. While walking they discovered they had the same teacher. When they arrived at their class, they chose to sit by each other.
My husband proposed to me on Christmas day. He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present. He went into the other room and had me close my eyes. Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy. When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee!
Ana wanted to become teacher. She studied very well when she was in school. Unfortunately, they lack some money. She stopped from college because they are not financially stable. As a result, she's undergraduate and end up being a cashier.
Everyone was coughing on campus. In addition, they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing. Since I didn't want to get sick, I tried to avoid contact. I wore a face mask to school and carried hand sanitizer. At the end of the day, I wasn't sick.
I went on a vacation to a strange new city. My family accompanied me on the trip. They all wanted to go do wild new things in the city. I just went to a local shopping center most of the time. It was a lot like home, but I still enjoyed myself.
John likes videogames. Last week he bought this new game called Enter the Gungeon. He played the entire day. He couldn't make it pass the first level. John decided to play other games because this one was too hard.
Jake wants to make a difference in his community. He decides to run for state senate. He attends campaign events and debates. He feels good going into election day. Jake was elected as a state senator.
Samantha's dad always taught her how to be self-sufficient. He even taught her how to change a tire on a car. One day Samantha's tire blew while she was driving. She was able to properly change her tire. Samantha was very grateful to be able to get home safely.
Florence loved to sing. She would sing in the car, in the shower, and with her family. However, everyone thought Florence was a bad singer. Often, listeners' ears would hurt afterwards. However, everyone was too polite to say anything.
Chris went in for a routine health check. Chris learned his blood pressure was high. Chris read online about ways to lower blood pressure. Chris implemented various techniques for stress management. Chris successfully reduced his stress and blood pressure.
Shirley went to get coffee at the store. She made a cup and went to pay. When she reached for her wallet she realized she forgot it. On her way out she found a dollar. She used it to pay for her cup still sitting on the counter.
Dan left a single cigarette in an empty pack of smokes in his car. Every day, he'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit. A symbol of his strength and persistence, he always put it back after. He did not feel very strong with no one to address his note to. Dan left an empty pack of smokes in his car.
Suz was preparing to run a marathon. She trained for nine months. She woke up at five every morning to run six miles. She ended up finishing first in the marathon! Suz's training paid off.
Abby loved eating vegetables. Corn on the cob was her favorite. She bought some from the store. She boiled it and put salt and butter all over it. Then she chowed down!
Tim heard some noises coming from outside. He went to look and found a stray cat. It was small and playful. Tim felt bad and decided to feed it. After a while it became his pet.
Joey begged his mom to buy cereal with a prize inside. He stuck his hand in the box to get the prize out. Joey's mom said she'd get another box when the first was empty. The next day, she found an empty box in the cupboard. In the trash, she found the cereal.
It was always so cold and dark down there. Billy was too scared. One day he built up his courage and went down into the basement. There wasn't much down there at all. Billy learned that having courage is important.
Peter loved solving hard puzzles. So he went ahead and bought a nine thousand piece puzzle online. When it arrived through the mail, he started working on it right away. After three months he was not even halfway done. But he didn't give up until a year later he finally finished it.
I baked a cake for my friend's birthday the other day. I spend a lot of money on all the ingredients. It also took my a very long time to prepare it. My friend thought that the cake looked amazing. He also loved how the cake tasted.
Danny's dog cried in pain so he took the dog to the pet clinic. The physician informed Danny that his dog had fleas. Danny gave his dog a bath with special shampoo to remove the fleas. Afterwards, the dog was no longer in pain. Danny and his dog were happy once again.
When Mark was in first grade he slipped off the jungle gym at school. As he hit the ground, Mark felt a sharp pain his his left wrist. Mark's teacher sent him to the school nurse. The school nurse could tell his arm was broken and called Mark's mom. She took him to the doctor to get a bright orange cast.
Julian was mad after being fired from a diner. He decided to call them and order a bunch of food. He ordered tons of sandwiches and several pizzas. Then, he never went to pick up the food. They knew it was him and banned him.
Ty wanted to be a newspaper journalist. He tried out for the school paper, but they declined his membership. Then he decided to write on his own. He penned some articles, Xeroxed them and passed them out. His classmates all loved his well-written editorials!
Today was Jill's first day of scuba diving. As soon as she was submerged in the water, she was fascinated. Not only did she see many fish, but she came across several plants. She remained in the water for 1-2 hours. Afterwards, she got out and thanked the instructor.
I saw a train set in the hobby shop. It was smaller than a normal one. My mom said that that would be my only Christmas gift. I decided to not ask for it. It would have been a waste of space.
Jim hadn't been going to baseball practice. His coach benched him for the first game. Jim continued to miss practices. He even missed a game. Jim got kicked off of the team.
Sam needed to do well on his quiz. He went home the night before and studied all night. He did not watch any TV or play games. The morning of the quiz, he crammed. And he did great on the quiz!
Jerry was driving to the wedding. He encountered several traffic on the highway. As he tried to turn into the left lane, a car stopped. Before he can stop, he ran into the car. The driver got knocked into a coma.
Jim never reacts to anything. He has no passion or desire or emotion. Jim is confronted by his reports. Jim gives an inspiring and spiritual speech. His team loves him.
John has spent many months at home because of the cold. Finally he notices that the weather is getting nicer. He decides to walk around the neighborhood to feel the warm weather. John sees a neighbor he hasn't spoken with in months. He is happy that the Spring is finally arriving.
We took our four year old to the bookstore for the first time. He was so excited to pick out his very own book, all by himself. We went to the children's book area and his eyes got big. He picked out a book with a fluffy teddy bear on the front. When it was time to go, he decided he was never letting it go.
Robys kitten loves to sleep. She first thought it might be sick. She realized though that the little guy was sleepy. After a nap he awoke with tons of energy! He loved playing with an old tennis ball and cardboard box.
Leo got a pet turtle for his birthday. He thought reptiles were repulsive and gross. When his mom wasn't looking, Leo tried to flush it down the toilet. The turtle got stuck in the drain pipe. Leo's mom called the plumber and grounded him for a week.
Jenna is a beautiful girl who's very lost. She asks at a gas station for directions. After following the directions, she gets back to the interstate. Jenna is now back on the road. Jenna is happy the man at the gas station helps her.
Allison woke up earlier than her entire family. She laid back down in her bed attempting to go back to sleep. She fidgeted in her bed and finally decided to get up. Allison ran to her parents room and jumped on her father. She now watches television, while her father snores on the couch.
Jill wanted a flower garden. So she got gardening supplies and seeds. After a week, her flower garden was complete. And she took care of it everyday. Gardening became Jill's favorite hobby.
My mom ordered a steak from the restaurant. She requested that be cooked well-done. When the server brought the food out, the steak was still red. Mom sent the steak back and the server was embarrassed. The steak was finally brought back cooked correctly.
Steve and Lana went to the grocery store. Steve noticed a large tear in the seat of Lana's pants. Lana pulled her shirt down to cover the tear in her pants. She made Steve bend over to get groceries on the lower shelf. After they got home, Lana mended her torn pants.
Shawn admired his coworker Jennifer from across the production line. She was really pretty with her straight brown hair. He timed his break so they could sit together. They talked and seemed to hit it off. She told him she had a crush on him and they became a couple.
Joe was a single dad to a 13-year-old girl, Sammi. One day he decided it was time to talk to Sammi about female things. Awkwardly, he perched on her bed and tried to explain menstruation. Then he briefly, blushing, explained about sex and contraception. Finally, Sammi told him the internet had answered her questions.
The nobles were corrupt in South Korea in the 1300s. They stole land from people and taxed them endlessly. Finally, the people said enough was enough and called for reform. But it took many years for them to finally gather enough forces. After twenty years, finally the nobles returned the land back to them.
Michelle knew she wasn't going to win the track championship. She'd made it to the finals, but she knew she wouldn't beat the star. Michelle got in her starting block in her lane. The supposedly fastest girl in track right next to her. Michelle's mother cheered so loud Michelle pushed and won the race.
Jay asked Mary to dinner. Having recently broken up with her boyfriend, Mary accepted. Jay took Mary to dinner the next night. To her surprise, her ex-boyfriend was working at the restaurant. To get back at Mary, her ex boyfriend ruined Mary's and Jay's food.
Ana was riding her bike to school one morning. She rode in the bike lane safely. But a car swerved into the lane and hit her. Ana's bike was damaged and her ankle broke. She recovered for months in the hospital.
Dan is a troubled kid. Dan has bad friends as well. One day while ditching school Dan goes to the store. He tells his buddies to distract the cashier while he steals stuff. The cashier calls the police and they catch Dan and take him to jail.
I leave my house and get in my car. After starting the car, I drive to my doctor's office across town. The drive to the doctor's office takes 15 minutes. I listened to the radio while driving to the doctor's office. I arrived at the office for my doctor's appointment 5 minutes early.
Jane saw a purse online that she really wanted. It was expensive but Jane bought it anyway. After it arrived Jane didn't like it. It looked completely different in person. Jane decided to send it back.
It was Sandra's big moment. The day of the audition had finally arrived. She was nervous, but ready. They called her name and she walked up. She performed and knocked their socks off.
John was singing Rihanna's latest song at the top of his lungs. Suddenly the water went frigid. John screamed out, wondering what went wrong. Through the bathroom door, John heard his roommate's laughter. Within moments the hot water returned and John laughed at the prank.
Jane arrived at the park. She tried to run a few laps across the field. After 8 o'clock, she tried to open her car. She found out that her door is locked. A mechanic had to help her open the door.
There's a new band called Gavelin. The members all hate each other. The critics and fans love their music though. They try staying together for the fans. It doesn't work out and they disband.
Kyle is nervous to go on his first fishing trip with his dad. He is not an experienced fisherman like his dad. He feels the bite of a huge fish on his line! With the help of his dad, Kyle reels in a swordfish! Now Kyle is excited to plan their next trip.
Whitney and Kayla used to be best friends. Then something happened. Kayla started dating someone. Whitney and Kyle's friendship ended. They no longer talk and they broke their bond.
I was cleaning my home yesterday. I cleaned every inch of my home. There was one spot I could not get clean. I learned it was mold and quickly called a mold removal business. They came out and removed the mold, I am so happy.
Seth had been interviewing for a new job for months. One day he noticed that other job candidates all had briefcases. He decided that day that he too needed a briefcase. Seth bought a stylish briefcase for his resume and notepad. He was hired for the next job he interviewed for.
My family and I went on a vacation to South Dakota. While we were at a lake, we found a trail and started to follow it. The trail seemed like it would never end, and it was getting very dark. Finally, we saw a light in the distance, and it was from a trailer! The trailer owner gave us a ride back to our car, and we were safe!
Danny always wanted to be a rodeo clown. When he graduated high school, he joined the rodeo circuit. He started training under other clowns. He got picked up by the PRA and was given a job. Danny is now a professional rodeo clown.
Monica likes to cook. Yesterday she decided to bake a cake. He added chocolate to the doubt. She put it in the oven. Twenty minutes later the cake was ready.
After Richard's grandfather died, he decided to clean out the attic. He found many odds and ends, but most were of little interest. Until he came across a leather bound journal, full of strange symbols. Richard had a good friend who was a linguistics professor. He couldn't wait to take the journal for analysis.
It was wacky hair day at school. Kelsie wanted to have silly pink braids in her hair. She asked her friend Lonnie if she could use his pink hair spray. Lonnie loaned her his hair spray. Kelsie went to school with silly pink braids in her hair.
Ella wanted to be slim and pretty, but she'd always been chubby. Diets just didn't seem to work for her. Then her friend suggested she try spinning classes. Ella eagerly signed up and began spinning every week! And in under a month, she'd already lost eight pounds!
Julie didn't like cleaning her home. So to make the experience more interesting, she went to the store. She bought the best vacuum cleaner. When she went home she vacuumed her whole house. She was disappointed to find that even then she didn't like cleaning.
Kay was doing laundry and her first load was in the dryer. When she checked the dryer the clothes were wet and cold. She put it on another hour and left. When she returned they were still cold and wet. Kay realized she had the wrong setting.
The hayride was in October. It went through barren woods. Ghost stories were told. People screamed when things jumped out. It was the perfect start to the fall season.
The elderly gentleman got on the bus for a shopping trip. He forgot to get off of the bus at his stop. He got off of the bus at the next stop. He walked back to his bus stop. He was tired of walking so he took a bus back home.
Gina's car wouldn't go up an icy hill. And now cars behind her stopped her from backing up. She quickly weighed her options. It seemed she would have to get out and ask the cars to back up. Either that or put kitty litter under her tires and pray for traction.
Lindsay had a great job and a nice car. Unfortunately, Lindsey lost her job through no fault of her own. She tried hard to find a new job with no luck. She soon fell behind on her car payment. The bank ended up coming and repossessing her car.
Nell was happy playing with her quirky friends. One day, she got an invitation from a popular girl at school. Nell's mom seemed proud as she urged her daughter to go. Nell felt excited as she walked to the girl's house. Nell quickly became bored when the girl only wanted to watch TV.
Alana was traveling with the the girls to the islands. She decided they were going to stay in a big house. To her surprise, her friend Jenny invited her husband. Alana was furious. It was supposed to be a girls trip and the husband wasn't welcome.
Today was the first day my kids and I went in our pool. It was 90 degrees outside and the water was nice! I was the first one to go in and relax on the big float. Then my daughter and son got in and got on the big float. I pushed them around for a while and then we got out before dinner.
Liam signed up for an internet dating website. He went on a date with a girl named Shelly. Shelly talked the whole time about her ex-boyfriends. Liam noticed Shelly had a piece of food stuck to her front tooth. Liam never told Shelly about the food.
Suzy wanted her belly pierced. All her friends were getting it done. So it was only natural she would be next. But when she got it done it hurt. It was the most hurtful she ever experienced.
Gina had a stray dog tied up in her yard. She wanted to spend all her time playing with him. After dinner she took him some scraps and bones from dinner. He perked up when he saw the food. He eagerly ate, and happily chewed on the bone for a long time.
Cora wanted to write a trilogy. She thought it'd be easy as she knew the plot for the first two books. She wrote them and got a decent success. But when the time arrived to write the third book she had nothing. So she hired a ghostwriter to fulfill her obligation to her editor.
Tom let his hair grow out. After a while he had a long ponytail. Tom decided to cut it off. He donated his hair to a charity. Tom felt good about his haircut.
Anna was struggling with panic attacks. The anxiety became too much, and she went to a therapist. She had three talk therapy sessions a week. After a few months, she was feeling much better. Anna was so glad she'd decided to go to therapy.
Yolanda was in a bad car accident when driving in the rain one day. Her feet were nearly crushed, and her shins were broken. She was completely unable to walk on her own at first. After 3 surgeries and lots of therapy, she is now back on her feet. Yolanda now campaigns to raise awareness of safe driving practices.
My team played against a group of people at the court. The game was tied and at game point. I became anxious since I barely scored any points. My friend received possession of the ball. He passed it to me and I scored a three pointer.
Tom drove to his local supermarket. When Tom came out he noticed that he scratched the car beside his. Tom didn't see anyone around. Tom left a note on the car with his contact information. Tom left the scene feeling good about his behavior.
Guy was walking home by himself. He passed down a narrow alley on the way home. Beside him, he could see a large figure moving at a fast past. He turned to face it. He was relieved to find it was only his own shadow.
Amy and Beth were at the mall. Amy decided to get her ears pierced. She knew her mom would be upset so she wore her hair down. It took 3 days for her mom to notice. Her mom made her removed the earrings and let the holes close.
Kate wanted to play soccer. But her mom thought she was too small. She worked hard all summer to build muscle. He mom finally agreed to let her play. Kate was so happy she ran and hugged her mom.
Kyle was going to learn how to play baseball today. He got all his baseball gear ready. He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt. After he was all dressed up, he was ready to go play baseball. Kyle's mom drove him to baseball practice.
Peter use to play hockey. He went to the stadium to train today. He put on his skates. He found out his skates need to be sharpened. He took them to the skate service.
Gina and her friends decided to have a picnic in the yard. They decided to cook burgers to eat. Gina asked her dad to set up the grill. He refused to let kids use his grill. They ended up cooking hot dogs instead.
Driving home late one night, Doug was blasting his music. He felt a bit tired, but wanted to get home quick to sleep. All of a sudden, a deer darted out in front of his car. Stepping on the brakes, he came to a stop very quickly. The deer stared at him, but then trotted off of the road.
The Lee's loved Italian food. Their favorite Italian restaurant moved to a new location. They were very disappointed. Then they found out a new Italian restaurant moved into the space. They hoped that maybe it would be their new favorite!
Tom was the new kid in school and hadn't made any friends. Everyone in class thought he was a little weird. A week after his first day he met a girl at lunch named gale. Gale was sweet and also didn't have any friends. Tom and Gayle became friends and ate lunch together every day.
Frankie loved to paint and wanted to sell her art. Unfortunately her likenesses were terrible. She began marketing them as modern art and caricatures. They began selling at a high rate. Frankie even has a gallery show coming up soon now.
All the girls at school loved going to the beach and so did Thomas. He never really had the courage to talk to them, but he wanted to. At the beach, Thomas finally got the courage to go over and talk. Becky thought he was shy, but cute. Thomas asked her out on a date and she accepted.
My last hamster died one summer day. I was at work and did not come home until late. I looked into the cage and the hamster was dead. Maggots had eaten half of his face away. I threw the whole cage out.
Joe needed to shave his beard. So he went to his restroom. Got a shaver and began to shave his beard. Joe finished shaving his beard. He looked good.
April 20th was Jimmy John Subs' customer appreciation day. Subs were only $1. My wife and I drove down to the shop in Brighton, MA. There was a line, but it moved quickly. We very much enjoyed our subs.
My friends invited me to the lake. They wanted to make burgers and swim. I brought beer and we all hung out and had fun. We grilled the burgers and talked. Afterwards, I went home and relaxed.
George had an important business meeting to attend. He was just on his way out when his pregnant wife stopped him. She was in labor and needed to go to the hospital right away. George let his work know he would be delayed. Luckily, things went well and he was back to work soon.
Ruth looked up and saw a bat flying around her living room. She screamed in surprise. She propped open one of the large windows. Using a broom, Ruth chased the bat towards the window. The bat flew out into the night sky.
The weather outside was terribly cold. Sam felt pressure to keep his house warm for his family. He went outside with an ax to get firewood. There weren't any trees big enough to chop down. Sam began to hack away at telephone polls out of desperation.
Jimmy was excited because today was gymnastics day. He was looking forward to working on the pommel horse. Jimmy's coach called the class into the gym and set up stations. None of the stations included the pommel horse this time. Jimmy was disappointed, but he still enjoyed his class.
Logan wanted to lose twenty pounds. He went on a strict diet. He didn't allow himself to eat any junk food. He kept working at it and soon had lost thirty pounds! Logan was so proud to have passed his goal.
Adam felt that he was out of shape. Adam decided he would start a healthy routine. For starters, Adam started to make healthier food choices. In addition, Adam started a new exercise routine. Adam's hard work was paying off, as he had lost 10 pounds.
I just came home after pulling an all-nighter to finish my project. After I ate, I decided to rest on my bed. Within minutes, I fell asleep. However, I woke up completely confused. It was 8 o'clock in the morning and I still had my school clothes on.
Allie went to a local fish market the other day. She ordered a sandwich. But then she felt sick. She saw one of the workers not wash their hands. She then decided to not even eat the food.
A very popular movie began playing in a local theater. Two friends waited in line for tickets. When they got to the front there was only one left. The friends decided to see something else. The next person in line thanked them for not buying the last ticket.
I was at my friends house playing some video games. We eventually started playing Mario Kart. This was a bad idea because this game made us get mad at each other. We started cursing and pushing each other. We started hitting each other,but now we look back and laugh about it
I decided to try a new restaurant. The place was in the city. I had heard great reviews of their soup. I ordered the chicken noodle soup. It was the best soup I had tasted.
Joe wanted to learn how to drive. So he used his parents car to drive around his neighborhood. He accidentally hit a parked car. And his parents had to pay a fine. Joe was too scared to drive again.
I took Diana out to dinner. She ordered several items out of the menu. When we ate for only 10 minutes, she stopped. She had to see a friend and left without an good explanation. Although I paid for the food, she didn't express her gratitude.
In the 1990s, my dad worked on his truck a lot. It was an older orange colored Dodge Ram, but he loved it. As he was angrily trying to resolve the problem one day, he complained. He stormed into the house, frustrated. He yelled that he wished it only needed something cheap like a bandaid.
Shane wanted to be a dog trainer. He tried to train his best friend's dog. He spent 3 hours a day with him. He couldn't teach the dog how to sit. He instead taught it to howl on command.
I wanted to get a new phone. I looked around at all the phones. I caught my eye on one particular one. I looked at the price though. It was far too expensive.
The man hung a painting. His wife saw the painting. She didn't like it. She gave him a different painting to hang. The man liked it better too.
Kia's pancakes always came out crumbly and dry. One day her mom overheard her lamenting the pancakes. She suggested that Kia add an egg to the batter. Kia tried it, and was amazed by the difference it made. Her pancakes were so much richer and fluffier!
Jen was terrified of the dark as a child. When she grew up, she convinced herself there was nothing to fear. But one stormy night, the electricity went out. While the power was out, looters broke into her house. Jen was forever after unable to be in the dark.
The desert road Kate was driving on was dusty. She was using the wiper fluid up to keep the windshield clean. She was worried the dust would stop her from seeing at night. Just as she ran out she saw the city lights on the horizon. She smiled and began to calm down.
Ellen decided that she really wanted a new tattoo. She asked her friends what they thought would be good ideas. They gave her some joke ideas but none of them appealed to her. She decided on a tribal tattoo and went to go get it. When she showed her friends the new tattoo they all loved it!
I introduced Jenny to my close friends. They communicated her and treated her with respect. However, she didn't act like herself when speaking to them. After they left, I was disappointed in her. She felt embarrassed since she acted in a bad manner.
Ana had been offered a job interview. She was so nervous! She dressed well and carefully. At the interview, she spoke clearly despite her nerves. She was gratified when the interviewer offered her the job!
Betty wanted to scale the mountain covered in snow. She decided that it would be hard but it would be worth it. Betty trained hard for the upcoming day. She felt unmotivated as she scaled the big mountain. When Betty finally reached the top, she felt ecstatic.
Mark's daughter has been wanting a dog. She begs Mark for one every single day. Mark tells her a dog is a big responsibility. She promises to take care of the dog every day. A week later Mark surprised his daughter with a puppy.
Bob decided to take the day off of work. He wanted to go to the ocean. He decided to go surfing. He waded out to the ocean on his own. The waves were high and he drowned.
It was job review day at Bob's work. He sat down with his boss, who handed him a description of his job. It was a description Bob had never seen before. Bob's boss told him he was doing his job incorrectly. Bob argued, but ultimately received a bad review.
Bill has been playing bingo at the local church for years. He never wins anything. But his luck finally turns around when he wins $500. Bill decides to stop wasting money by quitting while he is ahead. Bill never plays bingo again.
Joe had quit his job to travel the world. He traveled for three years. Eventually, his money started to run low. He tried to take up odd jobs abroad to make ends meet. Alas, things didn't work out and he had to return to America.
Stacy was a little girl. She watched a lot of cartoons. She asked her parents to do her room in a cartoon theme. They had to think about it for awhile. Eventually they said they would decorate her room again.
I got passed on a promotion at work, When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I wasn't ready. I spent the next year proving him wrong and trying my best everyday. A year later he pulled me into his office and promoted me. He said that he didn't do it sooner because he wanted to motivate me.
Steve noticed that the paint on his shed was peeling. He drove to the store and bought paint and supplies. Steve drove back home and pulled out his new items. He worked hard at the shed for several hours. When he was done, he realized that the new paint looked bad.
My mom used to always struggle with simple computer tasks. Me and my brother learned to be patient with her, and taught her. She was slow to catch on, but eventually she became proficient. My mother now uses her email and computer regularly in a new job. I am proud of my mom for keeping up with times!
There once was a place called Chutney. It was full of people afflicted with gluttony. One Chutner ate so much she weighed more than a hutch. She had to be moved with a dozer. She got on a diet, her tummy went quiet, now she's as thin as a rake.
Before going to sleep, I placed my drink inside of the freezer. After waking up, I forgot to take it out. Before the evening, my mom found the drink. When she showed it to me, it was completely frozen. I left it near the sink to defrost.
Tom went to the bar with friends. The way to get a drink was ridiculously long. Tom felt like he was being constantly ignored. After a while he had enough of it. He decided to just drink at home instead.
Tom was kicked out of his house. He was fighting with his wife. His friend offered to let him crash at his place. He had a spare bedroom. Tom stayed there until he fixed things.
Jim wanted to get a cat as a pet. He went to the shelter to get a cat. He picked one out and took the cat home. The instant the cat arrived, it scratched all of Jim's furniture. Jim instantly regretted getting a cat.
Janice wanted to get a pet. Her friends suggested a cat as she would not have to walk it. Janice visited the pet shop several times with no luck. She finally went to the local Humane Society. Janice fell in love with a fluffy cat and took him home that day.
When a new girl starts attending Alex's school he thinks she's pretty. Alex pretends to be a feminist to get her to go out with him. It works at first. But when she finds out that he's not a feminist she dumps him. Alex is kind of glad because he hated pretending to be a feminist
Minerva was old and slowly losing her memory. She wrote things down to help herself. But she misplaced her notes and couldn't remember them. Her nephew decided to help her remember. He came to see her every day and it made things easier.
David wrote a book last fall. The book made it to the top of the charts. David became famous for the book. David opened a library with all of the money he made. David wanted children to read more books.
Gary played professional baseball. He has played baseball since he was a child. He wished he could settle down and do something other than baseball. He finally met a woman and got married. Gary wants to retire and take his wife around the world now.
A young troubled man with a tough life went to prison. In there he met a Muslim man. The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice. The young man did this. The young felt this helped to contribute to improving his life.
Gary was moving furniture. He was having trouble moving something particularly large. He pushed with all his might to no avail. After a few minutes, he gave up in exhaustion. He decided he would call a moving company in the morning.
Today, Clark was on a normal walk through his neighborhood. He heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes. It was a lonely kitten looking for food! Clark took the kitten home and gave him food and water. The kitten become one of Clark's best friends.
My sister-in-law hates reading email. Her building recently decided to send notices via email only. She thus missed some notifications. She went onto her email and found 800 messages. It took her 2 hours to delete her messages.
Laura lost her son in a car accident. Two Year's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind. She knew that she had to find a way to move past this. Laura went to talk to a therapist about her sadness. The therapist explained that her feelings were normal.
I have never been a fan of cats. However, one has found its way to my house. It is grey and white and meows every time I go outside. My car is now covered with paw prints. The cat is a nuisance.
Someone sent me a new song to check out. I liked it so much that I turned the volume up. I must have turned the volume louder than I thought. The neighbors called the cops on me! I turned down the volume when they told me to.
Molly always wanted to join the army. She signed up as soon as she turned 18. She met lots of people on her first day of bootcamp. Most of which made it all the way through. She stays in touch with them as dear friends.
Bill was playing in an amateur hockey match. One of his opponents taunted him and he got mad. He threw a punch and a fight broke out. The other player beat up Bill badly. Bill decided that he wouldn't fight again until he was stronger.
Tom loved to joke around. He met many new people because of his hobbies. He would frequent music venues. Tom met someone who was as silly as he was one night. They fell in love and lived happily ever after.
There was a horrible storm. The electricity went out so no television. Ned and Tommy were so bored! Their mother gave them flashlights. They ran through the house playing tag in the dark.
I was very innocent during the interrogation. The officer sat down and looked me in the eye. She asked me what I knew about the ordeal. I told her the truth, that I knew nothing at all. She eventually let me go home.
Pat's dog was feeling sick. The dog food he had been giving him was tainted! Pat rushed the dog to the vet. He was very worried about his pet. The dog recovered after a few days.
JILL PLANNED A VACATION FOR HER AND HER HUSBAND, JOHN. THEY LEFT FOR FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING DAY. AFTER ARRIVING, THEY REALIZED THE BEACH WAS CLOSED. THEY SPENT MOST OF THE VACATION INSIDE THEIR HOTEL. AFTER RETURNING HOME, JOHN TELLS JILL HE WILL PLAN THE NEXT VACATION.
Tom and Mary were married to each other. Tom was having an affair behind Mary's back. One day, Tom was in his bedroom with his mistress. Mary came home and saw them together. Tom and Mary had a divorce soon after.
Tre caught eyes with Vanity at a bar. He moved closer to her and eye gazed her. They ended up talking all night and exchanged numbers. They professed that it was love at first sight. Tre proposed a week later and Vanity said yes.
Graham had locked himself out of his third-floor apartment. No one was home to let him in. He went around back and climbed up the fire escape to his window. He managed to get the window open enough to climb inside. He was relieved and very pleased with his resourcefulness.
He peered at her through binoculars. It was his job to keep her safe. Awful people threatened her, of this he was certain. He fantasized about how grateful she would be for his protection. The only snag was, she didn't know she had it.
One day, Max received a phone call. He found out that one of his good friends had been in a car accident. He rushed to the hospital and his friends were all there. They waited and prayed for their friend. Unfortunately, the friend ended up passing away that night.
Two best friends from Boston write a movie together. They star in it and get it filmed. The movie receives critical praise. They both go on to become huge movie stars. Their movies sell billions of dollars of tickets over the next 20 years
Kenny had a test in the morning. He stayed up all night studying for the test. Kenny didn't get much sleep. He was tired in the morning. Kenny had trouble concentrating on the test.
The Turpin family was excited as their younger daughter turned 16. The Turpins were very wealthy, so they surprised her with a new car. The girl was taken to the dealership to pick what she wanted. After much deliberation, she chose a new red pickup truck. The girl showed the truck off and became suddenly popular.
Stephen had never been good at squash. He had tried to impress his girlfriend at the courts. Unfortunately, the ball had bounced with too much force. Stephen's nose was now broken. His girlfriend couldn't stop laughing.
The kids loved doing art. They drew all over the markerboard in their basement. They used neon markers to make intricate designs. When the board was full, they washed it off. They made drawings every day!
Rocco went camping with his brother. Neither of them had ever camped before. As night fell they tried to set up their tent. But neither boy could figure out how to do it! They ended up in just their sleeping bags that night.
Nala dropped her phone in the toilet. She was devastated! She pulled it out quickly and thrust it in a bowl of rice. There it sat overnight, until she checked it in the morning. Nala was so relieved to see that her phone still worked!
Alice loved to ice skate. She hadn't been skating long, but it was a passion of hers. Tricks and jumps were just becoming part of her repertoire. After a few weeks of practice, she landed her first jump. It was a proud day.
Jordyn played in a soccer game today. Both teams were very good and it was a tough game. Jordyn scored the winning goal and was very proud. Jordyn's mom ran up to her and gave her a big hug. Jordyn went out for ice cream after the big win.
Johnny wanted to sell his old car. He placed an ad in the paper. Johnny had calls about his car. A man came to look at the car. The man bought Johnny's car.
Tom was invited to a Halloween party. He looked up last minute costumes. He made one with what he had. Tom's costume was surprisingly good. Everyone at the party liked it.
Dylan bargained with the shopkeeper on the price of the rug. He got the price down to 800 krueng. Dylan was very proud of himself. Then his guide told him that rug normally cost only 300 krueng. Dylan was furious, and ran back to find the shopkeeper.
When I was at the coffee shop, there was a medical emergency. A man died, and while trying to administer CPR I had to urinate. I couldn't go, because we were trying to save him. In all the excitement, I must have lost control of my bladder. No one noticed I had wet my pants, and frankly, I didn't care.
Tony was an athletic toddler. He could throw a ball like a much older kid. He enjoyed being outside and playing sports with his dad. His dad signed him up for every sport he could. He gave Tony a ball and told him to practice every day.
Emily has a long list of things to do. No matter how fast she works, she can never finish the whole list. Emily had to finish the list by today. Emily got help from a friend. Emily finally finished her to do list.
The chair I was sitting in had a broken leg. It was our last hand of poker. I was anxious and I couldn't stop wobbling in my chair. The other players could tell I had a really good hand. I stood up as I folded.
Skip is has a miserable marriage. He asks his wife for a divorce. She agrees. They both sign divorce papers. Skip is finally divorced from his wife.
Billy wanted a puppy. His parents didn't think he was responsible enough. Billy wanted to show his parents that he was. He cleaned the house weekly to show them. Billy's parents agreed to get him a puppy.
Alex was really looking forward to graduation. But the morning of the ceremony, Alex spilled milk on her gown! She was frantic until her sister mentioned she had her old gown. After searching the attic for a few minutes, they found the gown. Alex made it to her graduation just in time.
Cathy needed to get some blood drawn for the lab. However, Cathy's nurse had trouble locating her vein. Cathy's nurse tried everything, until she finally gave up. Cathy's nurse decided to call her doctor to try. Luckily, Cathy's doctor was able to locate a vein and get the blood.
John had opened a new restaurant. The restaurant was not doing well. John had invited a restaurant magazine. John had invited his friends to act as shills. The restaurant magazine wrote a good article on John's restaurant.
Tom and his family live in Texas. His family has lived there for generations. He works at a local factory. Tom is a single father to 2 young boys. He met someone he really likes and they are just taking it slow.
Bill attended school to be a meteorologist. His interest in weather got him to the top of his class. After graduation, Bill worked for the top local network. Bill loved being in the middle of the weather. His career got a boost when he became a national weather man.
Allie went to the lake. She loved going there. It was so relaxing. When she went she saw her friend. They ate lunch together.
Farmer Ben's chickens kept disappearing every week. He suspected that foxes were sneaking into his farm at night. Farmer Ben set some fox traps and waited. Sure enough, Farmer Ben caught a fox in one of his traps. Farmer Ben's chickens no longer went missing.
One day the Jun family went out for ice cream. Zachary accidentally dropped his. Everyone laughed. Mrs June ordered him a new one. Everyone had a fun day.
When I was little I loved visiting my grandma's house. It was because she always had cake and I never did at my house. One day I refused to leave because I wanted to stay for the cake. I cried and begged and screamed and finally got my way. I ended up staying for a few days and gaining a few pounds.
Sally loved to eat baked goods. Her brother always teased her about getting fat. Sally was not getting fat. However, she started to worry whether boys would like her. Sally started using moderation when eating fatty foods.
Jack loved green beans. He decided to make green bean casserole. He had seen his mom make it many times. He bought all the ingredients and tried it. It was the best he had ever eaten.
Zeke wanted to learn parkour. He joined the local parkour club. He practiced hard. Eventually, he became the teacher at the club. Zeke was finally good at parkour!
Eugena was a mean girl who liked to cheat on tests. One day she tried to cheat from Carrie in math. Carrie covered her paper so Eugena couldn't see it. That made Eugena furious! Carrie went home with a black eye but Eugena failed the test.
Adam was very close to graduation. He was finishing dental school and would be a dentist soon! He was going to open his own practice. He would need to get patients and hire a staff. He was excited for all the work there was to be done.
Danica had a crush on an older boy. He rode a motorcycle and smoked cigarettes. Danica's parents would never like him so she kept him a secret. She crawled out her window for her secret tryst and met her father. He was furious and told her she would be going to boarding school.
Martha owned a pet store. She was getting old and decided she wanted to close. All of her animals would need new homes before she could close. She hosted an adoption party that very weekend. Luckily all of the animals were claimed that night.
Mary was in a lot of pain. Her tooth was throbbing, and it was causing an ear ache. She called her dentist to make an appointment. He wasn't able to see her for a week. Mary knew she had be seen sooner.
Debby bought her husband a chocolate bar to be nice. By the time she got home, though, it was all melted. She secretly stuck the bar in the fridge. Later she went to get it but it was gone. Her husband had found it and eaten it already.
Luiz slept all day because he was anemic. He had a scholarship to a school and they paid for his food. Because of this, he only ate Wendy's and Starbucks. Luiz got very fat, and this made him even more sluggish. Luiz tried to weigh himself one day and broke the scale.
Ben went to the store to get a 12 pack of beer. Ben paid for the beer and took it in a bag from the register. As Ben was walking through the parking lot the bag gave way. All 12 bottles fell and broke in parking lot. Ben just left.
Gina's car was covered in ice and snow. She thought she could melt the ice with the rear defrost. She left the car and continued to clean the snow from the car. When she got back in the car the rear window was still icy. The rear defrost had reached it's time limit and turned itself off.
The parents were planning a trip. They wanted to take their kids someplace exotic. They couldn't agree on a spot. They flipped a coin and the wife won. They'd be going to Italy!
Angelique married her high school sweetheart named Juan. Juan was always abusive to her and it worsened over the years. Over the years they had 4 children together despite the abuse of Juan. Angelique finally got tired of it and decided to leave Juan one night. Ten years later and Angelique is still free from Juan and his abuse.
A farmer has received a prize horse from a neighbor. The farmer was pleased with horse, except for it being overweight. One day, the farmer noticed the horse bearing down. Ten minutes later, the horse had a calf right before his eyes! The farmer told the neighbor thanks for the extra birthday gift.
I was walking down the street one day. A strange man approached me. He asked me if I has any money. I told him that I was broke. He started to yell at me and swear.
When I was sixteen a new store open at the mall. My friend at the time Anthony and I were curious about the store. We went inside the store and noticed there were a lot of arcade games. We never expected this because there was no advertisement for it. We end up spending the whole day playing arcade games.
I cut down a lot of trees in my yard. I did not know what to do with all the extra wood. My wife suggested that we host a bonfire. We invited all of our friends to come over. I had so much wood that the fire lasted all night.
Ethan's mom was getting remarried. She told Ethan that they were moving. On moving day, Ethan helped pack up boxes. He walked through the empty rooms and felt sad. They drove to their new house.
Myra was a 12-year-old girl in school. She had a crush on the cute boy Amir. Amir, however, liked Myra's friend Jared. Amir asked Jared to the Junior Prom and he said yes. Myra was happy for Jared, but sad that she had no date.
Juan always wanted a trade that allowed him to work with his hands. His family encouraged him to get an office job, but he refused. He met a cobbler in town who agreed to take him in as an apprentice. Juan gradually improved until he was an expert cobbler. Now he is very happy he didn't listen to his family's advice.
Ken didn't have any clean clothes He needed to put on socks. He decided to borrow some from his brother. He looked around his brother's room. Unfortunately his brother didn't have any clean socks either.
Will and his parents went to garage sales every Saturday. Will stumbled on a used guitar and really wanted it. He offered the man 5 dollars for the guitar. The man refused to sell it unless Will paid 20 dollars. Will's mom loaned him the extra money and Will got the guitar.
I bought a new house and wrote down a plan to improve it. I got so busy with work that the plan was neglected. A year later I forgot about the plan entirely. A year after that I found the plan and reflected on it. I found a new resolve to finish the plan as best I could.
The kids were having a blast. They had found a huge puddle full of muddy water. They splashed and jumped around in it. It made a huge mess, but they didn't care. Their mom yelled at them when she saw what they had done.
Artour Hamburg was a captain of a ship. His second mate came to him, and told him about the next stop. He was due to host a party on his boat. The captain made the arrangements, and hired a catering crew. Unfortunately he died before he could sail the ship.
Craig was a famous cookie maker. He invented a new cookie today. The cookie was made of chocolate, peanut butter, and caramel. He gave the cookies to an orphanage. The orphanage loved them and was grateful for his cookies.
Joel was swimming in the pool at his house. Storm clouds began to pass over. Joel noticed lightning in the distance. Joel got out of the pool. He went back into the house before it started to rain.
Alice was eating burritos for lunch. She was in math class when her belly started making noises. She started feeling sick very quickly. The burrito didn't want to be in her belly anymore. She ran to the bathroom just in time.
I wanted a more comfortable bed. I thought it might alleviate back pain. I bought a memory foam mattress. It still wasn't enough to feel better. I then bought a memory foam topper.
Stewart loaded all the ground meat into his backpack. He hopped into his car and drove to the industrial side of town. Stewart got out, glanced around, and hopped a fence. He spooned little clumps of meat all around the abandoned buildings. The hungry cats never noticed the ground glass.
Bob couldn't find his shoes in the morning. He called his wife for help. His wife gave him so good advice. Bob found his shoes where his wife said. Bob let his wife know how important she was to him.
Malik's doctor told him that he was overweight. Malik decided he had to do something about his health. He bought a gym membership and a fitness tracker. Malik went to the gym everyday. He dropped to a healthy weight by his next doctor's appointment.
Tom really wanted to learn to tap dance. Tom sought out a local dance studio. Over the course of three weeks, he practiced very hard. After weeks of practice he entered a competition. Tom won the tap dancing competition and was very happy!
Will was feeling lonely. Will signed up for an online dating service. Will made a profile, including pictures. Will began getting emails from single women in his area. Now Will is on a date every Friday night!
A young baby named Eugene had just turned nine months old. He loved to eat all kinds of foods especially grown up ones. One day his mommy had ordered a burger and his eyes got big. His mommy smiled at him and gave him little bites so he could eat. Eugene was so happy he ate almost half of his mommy's burger.
Lily wanted a puppy for her birthday. She asked her parents if they would get her one. They told her she had to wait until she was older. She was very sad and cried. She decided she would ask for a toy puppy instead.
Elise was working with hot glass. She accidentally pressed her wrist against a hot tool. Luckily, her bracelet protected her from any burns. Still, the precious bracelet was melted down completely. Elise tried to fix it but it was no use, the bracelet was trash.
Anna was married for twenty years and loved to wear her wedding ring. One morning, she took the ring off to do the dishes. She knocked the ring from the counter and into the garbage disposal. Anna thought about reaching her hand in to get the ring. Instead, she called the plumber who fished the ring out for her.
John's mom went into his room to get a basket of laundry. She smelled something terrible. She looked around to try to find the source of the odor. In the corner she came across John's gym shoes. They reeked so badly that she took them outside to air out.
Karen was eating dinner. She ordered a diet soda. They gave her regular by accident. She complained about it. The manager comped her meal.
Chad was on his way to the beach. On the way he realized he forgot to pack a towel. He stopped at the first store he saw. The store only had one beach towel left in its stock. He got it and was relieved he had something to sit on at the beach.
I had my first kiss when I was 15. The boy told me I was a bad kisser. I saw him again when I was older. I decided to kiss him again. He was amazed at how good of a kisser I had become.
The Smith's love to go to Turtle Beach. They were planning a vacation. Jimmy suggested they go to Turtle Beach. The whole family loved the idea. They went to the beach that weekend.
It was a rainy day outside. Sue decided to keep herself busy despite the gloomy weather. She decided to start on a jigsaw puzzle. After 6 hours she completed the jigsaw puzzle. Sue was proud of her creation.
My sister in law offered to help me sell books after my stroke. She and her husband drove to a library and picked up books. One day she asked for gas money or a cut of the profits. I gave her some gas money but thought that was low. I blamed it on her husband who was mean and stingy.
Joe is applying for college. He is really nervous he is not going to get into a school. He sends in his application and waits. The anticipation killed Joe as he had to wait a whole month. Finally he got a letter back, and he was accepted.
The couple always shared the house's chores. They would do the dishes, for instance, whenever convenient. Once, one of the pair was quite busy and the other did them for days. This caused some resentment to build up between them. The other of the pair made up for it by taking over for a while after.
Jane was turning thirty. She was depressed about her milestone birthday. None of her friends had mentioned any plans. Jane had decided she was just going to stay in and order food. When she got home, she turned on the lights and there was a party!
The group of scientists went on a field trip to visit Dolly. It's not really Dolly, but one of her descendants that they saw. The laboratory opened their facilities to the scientists. After their tour, they went back to their private research. Since the trip, they have had heated discussions on cloning issues.
Jake invited his friend to a party. The friend got too drunk. He made a scene in front of everyone. Jake was embarrassed. He had to take his friend home early.
I was wearing a scarf last weekend. It was cold and I figured it matched my outfit. Without noticing I got it caught on the taxi door. The car almost drove off and dragged me. I barely got the driver's attention in tim.
Yolanda was going to take a girls trip to Miami Beach to have some fun. The girls were excited to get away and go to the beach. The second the girls stepped foot on the beach, they got in the water. The water was amazing and the girls had a blast swimming. Time flew by as the girls spent three hours in the water.
Judy needed to call her mom. Judy's phone had been missing all morning. Judy looked all around her house. Judy found her phone under her couch. Judy called her mom.
We went to our church for a potluck supper. Everyone brought a different dish to pass. While a lot of them were similar, there were some unique ones too. We really liked this version of mac and cheese that was brought. I hope they have it again soon, so we can try more new foods.
Our 2 year old granddaughter just got into Boston. She came from NJ. She did not want to go to bed and started to cry. The crying scared the cat. She ran away until it quieted down.
She knew when he was enjoying hurting her. He pressed her down onto the floor. He climbed on top of her. She stared into his black eyes. He was loving every minute of her fear.
Joy had dinner at her boyfriend's parent's house. All of a sudden she had trouble breathing. There were ground peanuts in the food. She had a peanut allergy. Fortunately she had an epipen with her so she was fine within minutes.
Suzy really needed to pay off her credit card. She decided she was going to get it over with. So she paid it in full. She was so relieved when she did. Suzy couldn't wait for her credit score to increase.
The snow was piling up outside. The weatherman said it would continue all night. The kids were hoping they would get a snowday. The next morning, there were huge drifts in the street. School was cancelled for the day!
Ken was picked on in class every day. He never tried to fight back. When he got to high school he got bigger. He started picking on other kids. The smallest ones didn't fight back.
Reese was a toddler. He was not potty trained. His parents offered him candy went he used the toilet. Reese was excited to use the bathroom. His parents were excited about the results.
I came into work after another employee had worked. I noticed the desk was extremely dirty. When I called him, he gave me several excuses. Even though I was angry, I cleaned the mess. My supervisor later told me he would handle the problem.
There were five chefs who wanted to open a restaurant. They saved for a year and pooled all of their money. It was barely enough to afford the down payment. They opened to rave reviews. But never attracted many customers.
Daisy wanted nothing more than to move out of her parent's house. She found an apartment but couldn't afford it since she didn't work. Her dad said he wouldn't help her out either. She found a job but it didn't pay very well. She finally came to her senses and stayed at home.
Tom had been gaining weight. He had an old pair of jeans. They fit really tightly. Tom tried to wear them out but they tore. Tom had to throw them out.
Susie loved clothes. She got a striped shirt yesterday. She did not like it. Finally she liked it. Susie was happy about it.
Lisa was reading about the benefits of camel milk online. But buying camel milk was very expensive. She eventually bought 8 ounces of it for 20 dollars. She thought it tasted okay. But after finishing it, she regret her decision of buying it.
Cabot went to a sailing camp near the ocean. In the mornings she played games on the land. In the afternoons she did activities on the water. She learned to sail a boat by herself. She had a fantastic four weeks that completely exhausted her.
I went to the craft store to buy some canvas and paint. I spent the whole night making abstract art. I posted all of the pieces I made on an auction website. Many people bid on them and drove up the prices. All of the paintings were sold in a few weeks.
Matthew could not find his phone when he arrived home from school. He looked everywhere for it. He asked all of his friends to look for his phone. A boy found it on his way to school and turned it into the school. Matthew was relieved to pick up his phone the next day.
I love mowing the lawn. It gives me time to think and meditate. Last week was a nice day and I decided to do just that. I mowed and thought forever. My wife had to come out and tell me i had mowed the same spots twice.
Angela grew up in an inner city town. She was a single mother and didn't have much. One day she tried her luck at the lottery. She actually won a lot of money. She was able to quit her job and move her family.
I was practicing my olympic lifts in the gym. At the top of a snatch, the bar slipped out of my hands. It fell to the ground and crushed my toes. I had to go to the hospital! I realized I should always use safety bars when lifting weights.
Chloe was starting school on Friday. She realized she was overdue for a haircut. Her mother drove her across town to the stylist. The stylist cut Chloe's hair exactly the way she wanted it. Chloe was happy to go to school sporting her new do.
I tried to take the dog out. I put her on a leash. She saw a cat in the yard. She pulled so hard I fell down the steps. I hit the concrete hard and bruised my shoulder.
Paul went to the football game. It was very cold outside. Paul's coat did not keep him very warm and he was cold. Paul went to town the next day. He looked for a warm, thick coat and purchased it.
I went to the Private School to sign the kids up. The lady in the front office was very rude. I asked to speak to the Principal. He apologized. I didn't sign the kids up there.
Tim lost his glasses. He looked everywhere for them. After an hour he finally gave up. He decided to just sit and watch tv instead. He put his glasses down from his forehead and felt stupid.
Michael had his high school reunion scheduled one night. He was very nervous but he decided to try to have fun. At first he wasn't having fun, but then he ran into an old friend. The two struck up a conversation and hung out all night. Michael ended up inviting her out for a date, so he was glad he came.
Jim's son is afraid to fly. He's seen too many stories about plane crashes. He can't sleep the night before they are set to fly to Denver. But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted. He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight.
Jason was saving up his money to buy a special computer. It was an apple macbook. Jason had wanted one for the longest. Jason had finally saved enough working at Mcdonalds. Jason went to the apple store and bought his Macbook.
There once was a boy named Jim. He was studying Russian. It was difficult for him. Eventually, he managed to get an A in his class. His parents were happy as a result.
Diana arrived at her son's aftercare. She dropped off her son. Although the teacher was reaching out to him, he freaked to you. He also cried while calling my name. I immediately held him in order to prevent him from crying.
Brad can never find the remote in his house. Whenever I go over there to watch a game we search for hours looking. I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it. He never listens to anything I say so he won't do that. Next time I'm there I'm just going to bring a remote.
One day, a grammar nazi was patrolling facebook. She commented on all her friend's posts saying their grammar was bad. Her friends were angry. They reported her to facebook. Her account got deleted as a result.
Mario found himself in the wrong part of town. He was scared as it was late in the night. He tried to find his way back to a lit street. But as he did so, he was assaulted by a gang of young men. When he arrived home, he was battered, but still alive.
The funeral was over and everyone was leaving. Gina sat and held her grandma's hand while her mother got the car. Gina grabbed her grandma's purse and helped her to the car. She held her arm and lowered her into the front seat. She climbed in the back seat, and they drove to the cemetery.
Preslie made the best Memphis BBQ around. Eventually, the health inspector realized Preslie wasn't using pork. Preslie would go down to the local horse stables. He would steal a horse. And then kill the horse to make his special BBQ.
Tia loved her local burger joint, but they were pricey. Her kids were always begging to go there for dinner. When they announced a new Dollar Menu, Tia was thrilled. Burgers, fries and sides were all a dollar each now! She could afford to take her kids there much more often now!
My son and I found a lot of dead bees in the swimming pool. We dried them out and dipped them into melted chocolate. We ate a bunch of chocolate covered bees. My son was 8 and told his school friends about it. They asked me to get them a batch.
Kim wanted to go see the new movie in town. She camped out in front of the theater to be first in line. A long line started to form behind her. When tickets went on sale she bought 2. Kim took her best friend to the movie.
Gin's climbed through a window to get into her house. She opened the door and let her siblings in. They were relieved to be inside. Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom. Her brothers raced each other to the one in the basement.
Sam was used to travel internationally. But what he never managed to conquer was jet lag. It would hit him every time as hard as the last. It would take him days to adapt. And then he'd have to leave again.
Nate and Haley got married in high school. They both thought life would be easy. They didn't understand about bills and responsibility. Nate asked his dad for help. His dad refused to help them.
Peter had a very odd sense of humor. He would go to great lengths for a laugh. One day, he was gardening with some friends. One of them mentioned the Peter Piper tongue twister. Peter was so amused by this he legally changed his last name to Piper.
I was planning on getting a new place. However, I was scared that I couldn't afford it. I decided to make a detailed budget of my expenses. I listed everything from rent, to food. It turns out, I could easily afford the new place.
Anita had a craving for Mcdonald's. She asked her husband to go grab some food. Her husband wanted to eat Burger King instead. They flipped a coin to decide what to eat. Anita won the coin toss and her husband got Mcdonald's.
Tom was driving home. He switched lanes without paying attention. Tom almost hit another car. Although he apologized the other car was furious. They followed him hoping for a few blocks.
As I woke up, I wanted some entertainment for my day off. I got ready and dressed and off I went for a walk. Walking down the road I head to the park. I'm blissfully ignoring everything around me as I listen to music. I lay down in the grass and reflect on my life happily.
Kyle and his brother argued who was the faster runner. Kyle took off down the road as fast as he could. Without missing a beat, his brother took off after him. They both ran for what seemed miles. In the end, they both decided they'd be happy with a draw.
Chelsea was surprised to find her bathroom floor soaking wet. She looked under the sink, opening the cabinet to peer inside. The area under the pipes was sopping wet. Water leaked steadily from several places where joints were loose. Chelsea immediately called the plumber to resolve the problem.
Toby was taking a shower and enjoying the warm water. Suddenly he noticed the water was rising around his legs. He stopped and leaned down to check the tub drain. There he found a gigantic knot of hair. He had to work at it but finally freed it and sent the water away.
Amanda went into a fancy store to purchase some makeup. The sales ladies tried to sell her a lot of things. Amanda came out of the store with way more makeup than she needed. She felt uneasy about all of the money she spent. The next day she went and returned half of the makeup she bought.
Dan has been looking forward to a homemade pizza all day. When he gets home from work he realizes he is out of sauce. So he goes to the store to buy some. When he gets to the store his favorite brand is on sale. So he stocks up before returning home to make his pizza.
Matthew was never very close to his family. He decided to move to Colorado because he always wanted to live there. For the first year, Matthew was very happy there. He then decided that he really missed his family. Matthew decided to move back to his home in Michigan to be with family.
James really liked Maria. Maria had a boyfriend. James felt like he could wait forever for a girl like her. He never tried to persuade her to leave her boyfriend. James was just thankful for the little moments they got to share.
A man learned to count cards. He would play with his friends all of the time. He always took all of their money. They found out that he always cheated. They never played with him again.
I was talking to my crush today. She continued to complain about guys flirting with her. I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently. After I got home, I got a text from her. She asked if we can hang out tomorrow.
She walked into the library for the first time. She had no idea how to use the catalog system. She asked someone to show her how to find what she needed. An employee was very friendly, and offered to help. She learned how to research and locate items with the employee.
Michelle had been working hard all week. She really missed her family and friends. After the long week she had a long drive home. She could not wait to sleep in her own bed. After a long drive Michelle got home and sleep in her own bed.
Our cat Tibby was lazy yesterday. She lay on our bed when my wife went to work in the morning. She got up briefly at 3:00 pm to eat a little. She went back to her bed and slept. Tibby got up only when my wife came home at 5:00 pm.
I was very sick one day. I was vomiting all day long. I finally went to the doctor to get a diagnosis. After tests were run, I found out I was pregnant! I was very excited and nervous to have the baby.
Jerry went to a strawberry patch. They were having a festival. He was able to go pick his own berries. When he got home he cleaned them. They were the best strawberries Jerry had every eaten.
Mitch finished loading his moving truck. It'd gotten very dark out. He realized he'd left the van door open. When he went out to close it, he saw a mouse in the van! Mitch shooed it out and slammed the door hastily to keep it out!
I work as a Registered Nurse in a busy Trauma Center. One day I was driving to work on the highway in my truck. A tire blew out which made me swerve all over the road. Changing the tire took much longer than I expected it would. I finally arrived at work an hour late for my shift.
According to Logan's mom, an itchy left hand means money's on its way. She says an itchy right hand means an old friend will visit. He goes to her one day and explains both of his hands itch. He asks if it means a friend will come and bring money? She shakes her head and offers him some allergy medicine.
Bob was driving up his driveway. He hit a deep rut with his car. Bob's soda spilled all over the console. Bob kept driving up the driveway. When he got to his house, he cleaned up the spilled soda.
Corey loved to play basketball. He played basketball every day when he was younger. Corey's team made it to the championship. His team was losing by one point with 2 seconds left. Corey took the ball and scored to win the game!
Anna had always eaten brand name cereal. When she married and had kids, though, her budget tightened. She decided to sample the store brands. To her surprise, they tasted great! Anna started buying nothing but store brands.
Janice had always wanted to take a trip to Nevada. After saving up money, she finally booked her trip. She was very excited on the flight to Nevada. On her trip she tried a lot of delicious food. Janice as glad that she had finally had a trip to Nevada.
I had to go to a track meeting. When I first arrive I was confused. All the runners were overweight. They didn't seem like good track runners. However, they proved me wrong.
Tom was nine years old and still believed in Santa Claus. The other kids made fun of him and told him many times it was a lie. One kid named Jason was especially mean about it. Tom got into a fight with Jason at the playground. Jason beat Tom up pretty and he got suspended.
Maggie realized one day that her feet were hurting. She decided that it was probably due to her old shoes. Maggie went to the mall to go to her favorite shoe store. The sales person helped her to pick out a new pair of shoes. Maggie left the mall with her comfortable new shoes.
Gina's friend had upset her. And Gina didn't want to be around her anymore. Gina gathered her things and left the library. Her teacher was surprised to see her back so soon. Gina ignored her, and went to her desk.
One day Clarissa went to her swim meet. While there, she accidentally dove into the shallow end. She got a bloody nose. She went to the nurse's office. Fortunately she was okay.
Ryan watched as the rider was released from the chute on a bull. The animal bucked wildly trying to throw off its rider. The rider began to lose his grip as the bull reared up. Ryan watched as the rider began to fall to the ground of the bull. Springing into action he helped the rider to his feet.
Mary likes kittens. Mary saw a box of kittens at the grocery store. She brought a kitten home. Her family fell in love with the kitten. Now the family is one member larger.
Angie has always loved dogs. When she moved into her own home she immediately got a dog. Her husband wasn't a dog person so they agreed to owning only one dog. One day her cousin asked her to take in a dog he could no longer keep. She and her husband felt bad for the dog,so now they have two dogs.
Tom felt weak. He couldn't lift a 50 pound box at work. He wanted to be stronger. He started working out everyday for 6 months. Today, he lifted a 100 pound box at work.
Isaiah was a baby who never had a haircut before. His hair was getting long and it was time for his first haircut. His Dad had planned on taking Isaiah that weekend to get his haircut. Isaiah's Mom took him that day to get a haircut while Dad was at work. Isaiah's Dad was sad he didn't get to take him for his first haircut.
A storm was blowing in. It was going to dump a foot of snow on the neighborhood. They all braced themselves for the blizzard. It snowed for many hours straight. They all had to dig out of their homes.
Ken loved his favorite comedy. He excitedly showed it to his girlfriend. She watched it all the way through without laughing. Ken nervously asked if she liked it. It was obvious that she didn't.
Tina was walking home from school one day. Suddenly a strange van pulled up beside her. Two men leapt out and pulled her into the van. They kidnapped Tina and demanded ransom from her family. But Tina's family paid, and thankfully Tina was released safely.
Charles didn't want to put his mother into a nursing home. But she was ninety years old. Charles went to visit her in the nursing home. She said they didn't take good care of her and that he hated her. Charles took his mother home and hired hospice care for her.
Tim wanted to get in better shape. He started jogging in the morning before work. It was cold enough out for him to feel nice when doing cardio. Tim continued his tradition for months. He noticed a big difference in how he looked and felt.
Susie was having a regular day at work she thought. But all of the sudden there was a fire. Susie got rather scared. She didn't know what to do. She called 911 immediately.
Lumosity is a fun game but it's not easy to teach to your Grandma. My Grandma has been trying to match shapes for the last hour. She is about to pull her hair out! My Mom and I are laughing at her. We aren't very nice people.
The light changed from green to yellow to red. Billy slowed his car down to a full stop. As the light changed he went full throttle. The car sped up to over 110 miles per hour. Billy went 30 miles before he was pulled over for speeding.
Carl was riding his snowmobile across the tundra. He was returning to the village for Christmas. His dog ran behind him. He ran the entire 150 km back to the village. Carl was proud of his dog for never tiring.
We put a clementine on my desk at work. It had been under my desk light for a few days. I assumed it would have been rotted. But it actually petrified instead. Now I had a clementine that is hard as a rock.
Madison was starring in a play. She was about to go on stage when she got the hiccups. One of her friends stuck her hand under her mouth. She told her to hiccup into her hand. Madison tried, but couldn't- her hiccups disappeared.
Millie loves to draw. For her birthday, her parents got her an art set. She was so excited. With her new supplies, she made a painting of her pet cat. She would like to be an artist when she grows up!
Shelly was sad because no one ever wrote her a poem. Bill felt bad for Shelly. Bill went home and spent all night writing a poem for Shelly. The next day he gave her the poem. Now Bill and Shelly are in love.
Joanne had a fight with her husband one night. She called me for comfort but I told her I was busy. She wasn't very happy so I told her I'd have someone else call her. I asked my friend to call her and they did. The next day she told me that my friend was very nice.
Antonio dreamed of the day he would start a pizza company. After working many years his dream finally came true. He had a shaky start but the community came to love his pizzeria. It made him happy that his dream was a success. One day he will pass the business down to his family.
John used his calculator every day in high school. He saw his friends playing games on the calculator. John asked his friends how to install the games. His friends instructed John. John learned how to install games on his calculator.
My dog, Ninja, likes to run in our small yard. I planned a little like for Ninja and my children. We walked around a state forest for hours, getting our exercise. By the time we returned home, everyone and the dog was tired. Next week we'll return to the woods with our dog for more fun.
Jessie's son was overweight. The doctor told her he needed to be more active. Jessie registered her son in basketball. He began to exercise more. Jessie's son got back to a healthy weight.
Chad was driving his car in the rain. The rain was pouring down hard. Chad could hardly see in front of his car. Chad pulled his car into the parking lot of a store. He waited for the rain to stop before moving on.
Bob had a dog. The dog had colitis. The dog could only eat certain foods. At the park, a lady fed Bob's dog a treat. The treat made Bob's dog sick and he had to go to the hospital.
Matt was failing his Calculus class. He studied every day but could not grasp the concepts. He researched online for some advice. He found videos explaining all the concepts to him on Youtube. Matt was able to pass his class with flying colors.
Lacy loved hiking in the wonderful outdoors. She decided that she would climb a mountain. She trained hard. She picked a date. Finally, she conquered the mountain much to her own surprise.
Joe hated apple sauce. When his mother served it, he'd throw it away. He hated the taste. One day his mother put sugar in the apple sauce. After that he always liked apple sauce.
I went ice skating with my friends. That was the first time I had ever been skating. My friends, on the other hand, were experienced skaters. They were teaching me to do a spin when I fell and hurt my wrist. I went to a doctor, who told me my wrist was sprained.
Eli was chilly. He had a fire going but it hadn't warmed up yet. Eli hunted for his favorite robe. He found it in the back of the closet. Eli put on the robe and was no longer chilly.
I played several games of online chess last night. I had a 1400 rating at the beginning of my games. My opponent had a 1300 rating. He beat me four times in a row. Now our ratings were switched on this bad chess night.
Ronald has felt unhappy with his girlfriend for a few weeks. He feels that she has become increasingly unsupportive. One day Ronald tells her that he needs to break up with her. They have a long argument, and Ronald leaves at the end. He feels free now that he is single again.
My two sisters tried to look old for the club party tonight They put on extensions, and wore high heels. As soon as they came in front of the entrance, they were stopped. A security guard told them to pull out their IDs. Since they were younger than 21, he kicked them out.
Ora was horsing around in class. Her teacher asked her to settle down. Ora ignored him and kept chatting and playing. The teacher gave Ora detention! Ora glumly wished she had stopped when asked.
My friend Jake and I went to San Francisco to party. We met a great dancer who knew how to do the Worm. I wanted to impress him, so I dropped down to try the move. I pulled it off, but I felt something dripping off of my chin. When I stood up, I realized I had busted my chin open doing the Worm.
My sister-in-law Ann is almost 70. Recently she had to take care of her great grandchildren. Her granddaughter lost the children, 10 and 2, to social services. Ann worked so hard to take care of them she caught a cold. She just lost her voice and is seeing a doctor.
I walked into the front of the stage. When I started to sing, I choked a little bit. However, the audience kept cheering for me to continue. I ended up singing with the proper tone. My audience continued to give me a round of applause.
Emmy lived on a farm. She stayed in a pen with her brother. One day a man came and saw Emmy. He took her home. They are very happy together.
Anna went to the local nail salon to get a pedicure. She sat with her feet soaking and felt very relaxed. She unknowingly drifted off to sleep. Everyone laughed as she snored away. Anna awoke with drool running down her cheek and was horrified!
James needed new clothes to go to the party. He didn't have enough money to afford a new outfit. Last night, it snowed heavily in his neighborhood. James went outside with a shovel and began shoveling snow. He made enough money shoveling driveways that he got his new outfit.
On Saturday, Kate went to the rescue center to adopt a pet. The first animal she saw was a little black and white puppy. She picked up the tiny dog and it licked her face. Kate knew instantly that she loved this little puppy. She filled out the paperwork and took the puppy home.
Kyle had always been afraid of the outdoors. His friends encouraged him to come camping, but Kyle said no. Finally Kyle decided to face his fears. He took a short camping trip and loved it. Now Kyle's fear of camping is just a memory.
Steve was making spaghetti. He boiled some pasta on the stove. While he waited, he chopped some onions and peppers. Then, he cooked some meat. When he was done, he mixed the ingredients with sauce.
Anna bought a packet of pepper seeds. She planted them. Soon they sprouted. In a few months, Anna ate her delicious peppers. She was proud of her home-grown produce!
We visited my sister in law Ann last night. She had just returned from surgery. She had her gallbladder removed on Monday. She was on pain medication and seemed ok. We stayed for ninety minutes before leaving.
MJ didn't want to move. She wanted to stay in the city. She knew that she would need to become financially independent. She worked really hard to do so. In the end she got to stay in a small studio in the city she loved.
Kevin was on an expedition He was searching for the ultimate prize The lost city of Atlantis Kevin was in the sea when he saw a golden glimmer in the water He dove into the water and couldn't believe his Discovery!
Steve was bad at math but needed to do well on the upcoming test. His friend Mike was great at math so Steve asked for help. For a whole week Mike helped him. When it was time to take the test, Steve felt confident. When he found out he got an A, he thanked Mike for his help.
Lucy was going to Blockbuster to rent movies. She had talked her grandma into driving her there. There was an older boy working there she had a crush on. She wanted to impress him but looking older. The only problem was lip gloss was the only makeup she could wear.
Tom moved in with his girlfriend. She had trouble waking up. She set different alarms at really loud volumes. Tom was awoken several times. It created a lot of problems in their relationship.
The miles slowly went past as I ran around the track. My belly fat jiggled with each step. I looked down at my shoes shuffling along. I was sweating and felt terrible. I shouldn't eat so many donuts.
I didn't want to break up with my girlfriend. When she mentioned it I was shocked. I wanted to stand my ground and agreed. She paused and left. I wanted to call after her but didn't.
Kerry had a huge tree in his yard. He trimmed the branches from the tree. He put all of the branches in a neighbor's yard. The neighbor was very upset about it. Kerry picked up the branches.
Millie loved singing in choir. She tried out for this year's choir but she wasn't selected. She didn't let that get her down. Millie formed her own small choir. They would sing at the nursing home and she was content with that.
Matt and Jenna were about to get married. They needed the perfect song for their wedding dance. Unfortunately nothing fancy enough fit their vibe. Jenna settled for a song she didn't care for much. To her surprise, during the dance Matt showed her a home written song.
Lucy was walking down the street. She had nothing better to do on a boring summer day. A puppy ran alongside her as she walked past it's fence. She stopped to play with the puppy. An old man came out of the house yelling causing her to run away.
I once went to the market without intentions of buying anything. At the beginning of the trip though, a beautiful shirt caught my eye. It was pure white, and I have been wanting a white shirt for a while. My entire time at the market, the shirt seemed to beckon me. Before leaving I couldn't help but to buy it.
Tom thought his new friend was gay. He never directly asked. One day he noticed someone else asking. Tom's friend wasn't actually gay. Tom felt relieved that he never brought it up.
William is playing a game of basketball. He is down by just one basket. William goes up to shoot the game winning shot. William misses the shot badly. William was so disappointed he lost the game.
Jon needed a new clock. His old one was broken. Jon went online to find one. He found a cheap one and bought. It came to his mail a week later.
Lindsay considered owning chickens as pets. She researched this heavily as it was foreign to her. Lindsay discovered chickens make great family pets. She looked up places to actually purchase the chickens. Two weeks later she had four chickens as pets.
Richard was scared of caves. One day his friends invited him to a cave. He reluctantly agreed. Upon arriving he felt very fatigued. Richard made it out alive but he almost fainted.
After purchasing my motorcycle, I inspected all of its parts. After checking everything, I went for a ride. The traffic was clear and I was able to reach move smoothly. I arrived at my friends house to show him my motorcycle. He gave me a pat on the back.
June had a cat named Jasper. Jasper suddenly became ill and june worried After a week she knew she needed a vet. She finally took him to the vet and Jasper got a shot. June took jasper home and was relieved.
Gina and her siblings were caught playing in the alley. Their mother insisted they stay in the gate. They couldn't leave their gate for a week. The kids were bored since no one else would play with them. The kids learned their lesson about playing in the alley.
Phil got a job delivering newspapers on his bike. One day Phil's bike got stolen. Phil was determined to get the papers delivered. That day Phil delivered all of the newspapers on foot. His feet were very tired at the end of the day.
The man opened the window. The fresh air blew in. The wife enjoyed the fresh air. She opened another window. Over time the air quality continued to improve.
Jon had psoriasis. His forearms had flaky skin. This made him sad. He decided to go to the doctor. The doctor gave him medicine that worked great.
Bill took his boat out in the lake. He hit the gas and the boat went really fast. He felt a bump and the boat shook. The boat began to slow down. Water flooded the boat and it was sinking.
Molly had a big day at work coming up. She was feeling anxious the night before. She was trying to sleep but couldn't. Instead, she read a book. Finally, she fell asleep.
Lisa wanted to go swimming, but the sign said the water wasn't safe. Lisa decided to go swimming anyway. She almost drowned in the current. Lisa made it back to the shore safely, but she learned a big lesson. She wouldn't swim in unsafe water again.
Nathan loved trying new foods. He bought a new kind of cheese that had rosemary on it. It was delicious! He ate the whole wedge. Nathan decided he would try other cheeses as well.
Josh had always wanted to have a job at his old high school. Year's before, he had been a star track runner. He decided to apply for a job coaching track at his school. When he got the job, Josh felt proud and happy. His dream of having a job at his old high school had come true.
Dan took his car to the drag strip. He decided to race anybody who wanted. Only a motorcycle accepted his challenge. They lined up and went off. It was a surprisingly close race.
Laura picked the last egg roll at the cafeteria. Her colleague behind her automatically accused her of selfishness. Laura paid for her food without commenting. But as she walked to her seat, she came to a decision. She went to her colleague and split the egg roll with him.
Kris wanted to go on a hike. He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike. He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap. His shoes broke down in the middle of the hike. Kris vowed never to buy cheap shoes again.
Bob got a letter in the mail. It was from his mother. He was nervous because he hadn't spoken to her in years. His mother wanted reconciliation in the letter. Bob was happy and responded back.
Jaime walked into her aunt Anita's house. Jaime wondered why a stack of Encyclopedias sat by the couch? Next, Anita's son walked through the front door. Anita picked up an Encyclopedia and threw it at her son. Jaime rubbed her chin and thought, that's why they're there.
Daichi wanted to work at a ramen shop. He showed up every day to ask for a job, but the owner said no. Finally, impressed by his tenacity, the owner gave in and hired him. When he was hired, Daichi worked hard every day. However, he was no good at his job so Daichi was fired.
This man was sitting on the fishing pier. His fishing line went under water. He got very happy. The man pulled his fishing line out the water. It was a duck playing with his stopper.
The man set his clock forward. All day it felt earlier than it was. The man didn't like daylight savings. He wrote an editorial about it. It was featured in the local paper.
Tim was driving. He went past a stop sign. He laughed wondering why he didn't do it more often. He was then stopped by a cop. After that he never ran a stop sign again.
It was Sunday. So John and his family were going to church. But John knew he would be bored. So John bought his phone. And he played games on it while at church.
The kids were sewing a quilt. They picked out their favorite fabric for it. They carefully cut the fabric into pieces. They began sewing and then noticed a problem. The fabric was too slippery to work with!
Randy had a choice to make. He could either take care of his kids. Or he could go live with his new girlfriend Freda. Randy didn't think too hard about it. He chose to live with his new girlfriend Freda and raise her kids.
Rob had a interview for a job. Rob was very nervous. He went in there with a blazer. He messed up during it. He did not get the job.
Dan and Rob were playing in the back yard. Dan kicked the ball really hard. It flew over the fence into the neighbor's yard. Dan climbed the fence and got the ball. Dan got in trouble for trampling the neighbors flowers.
Sally was in freshman biology. She was warned she would have to do dissections. It was time to dissect a frog. When Sally saw her frog, she passed out. Sally failed her frog dissection.
Tim was on a boat in the ocean. He was fishing for squid. All of a sudden he saw a large hump in the water. It was a large whale surfacing for air. Tim was able to pet the whale as it swam nearby.
David decides that he wants to try to make homemade ice cream. He buys an ice cream maker and tries making a batch. His first batch does not come out very well. However, eventually his homemade ice cream batches improve. Davis is proud that he has made homemade ice cream.
Sylvia was camping with her family. One night she needed to use the restroom. It was down a path and she was scared to walk alone. She woke up her sister and asked her to come with her. Luckily, her sister agreed and went with her.
Sam announced to her mom that she was ready for soccer practice. She came around the corner dressed in her soccer shorts and shirts. Instead of soccer cleats, Sam was wearing princess high heels. She also carried a pink purse and had liberally applied red lipstick. Refusing to change, Sam went to soccer practice dressed that way.
Lisa's boyfriend dumped her for a girl he met who lives far away. Lisa felt humiliated and hurt. She decided to explain things away by spreading a rumor. She told everyone that her ex-boyfriend is gay. She was embarrassed when he came to school with his new girlfriend!
Bill was going to win the science project He just needed a great idea He sat for hours and hours Finally it came to him! He was going to build a talking robot!
Corinne applied makeup on her face with agility. But when she came out of her room, her mom glared at her face. Corinne argued that even if she was nine, she could look pretty. And her mom made her wash her face until all the makeup was gone. Angry, Corinne went back to her room to apply more make-up.
Our dog wanders through the house at night when we are sleeping. He is a big dog and somewhat clumsy. Last night he made a lot of noise and we heard a few crashes. We decided it was only the dog as usual and went back to sleep. The robber took our television,  the dog had tried to warn us.
Dee was a great student, and her grades were high. She wanted to speak at graduation, so she asked the principal. The principal said he would review her grades and let her know. A few days later, he called her into his office for a meeting. He said her grades were so high, he'd made her valedictorian!
Elizabeth took out a home loan. Then instead of buying a house she bought electronics. The bank informed her she couldn't do that. They went after her money. Elizabeth didn't think and ran away to Alaska.
The network had developed a mini series about the 1980's. The tv viewers were really interested in it. They watched it every night. The ratings were huge. The network ordered another season.
Ann sent a friend request to her colleague Mary. Mary did not like Ann. She did not want to accept her request. She acted like she did not notice her request. Ann did not want to ask her about it.
I just saw City Lights. It's on my bucket list of films to watch. It was free on YouTube. It was hilarious. The final scene was poignant.
Justin stared at the wall. THe clock seemed to be in slow motion. He wanted to go to his friend's house after school. As soon as the clock struck three, he flew out of the classroom. It was finally time to leave!
Melinda wanted to go to the zoo. She asked her mom, who agreed to take her. They got to the zoo early in the morning. After hours of looking at animals, they went to the gift shop. Melinda fell asleep in the car going home because of her long day.
Tom was driving to work. He had a car accident. He suffered injuries. He was in pain. He went to the doctor to help resolve his pain.
Terry and John were expecting their first child. Ultrasounds weren't available, but the doctor said she was healthy. Terry was gaining more weight than expected, but not too much extra. The couple had their nursery ready when Terry went into labor. But Terry delivered twins, and they suddenly had a lot more to do.
Amos was living with his grandparents. He came home drunk one night. His grandparents decided to kick him out. He did not know where to go. He ended up staying at a cheap hotel.
I entered an egg race once. It was against about ten others. When the whistle blew, we all took off. I was not the fastest, but I was pretty quick. I finished third in the race.
Sherri banged on the door, but got no response. She'd thoughtfully brought a coffee cake over for the new neighbors. She pounded on their door some more, and then tried the knob. It was locked. Instead of deterring Sherri, she started checking the windows.
John watched the weather forecast after waking up one summer morning. The weather forecaster said storms would be developing that day. As John went to work he saw dark clouds developing but kept driving. John drove into a thunderstorm as he drove and had to pull over. John turned around and went home, having narrowly escaped the storm.
Sam had a bubble butt. Everyone made fun of her for it. One day she fell in love with a boy who loved it. She was finally happy. They lived happily ever after with her bubble butt.
Joshua like pancakes on a Saturday morning. His mom makes him a stack of two huge pancakes every Saturday. Joshua wants to learn to make them himself. His mom shows him how to prepare the batter. Joshua makes his own pancake and is very happy.
Neil begged his parents to send him to summer camp. Finally they agreed. Neil was ecstatic, sure he'd love it. But when he arrived, he was instantly very homesick! He spent the whole time waiting to return home!
Allie noticed her eyes were getting blurry. She couldn't see as well as she used to. But Allie then realized she needed glasses. So she got her eyes checked. They offered her many glasses options.
Tim forgot to feed his dog. But he went through his day normally. He got home from work. And he tried to eat dinner. But Tim's dog stole everything from his plate.
Tyler procrastinated hard on a paper for school. The night before it was due, he had to stay up to finish. He got almost no sleep, but he turned the paper in on time. When grades came back, he found out he had done poorly on the paper. Now he plans ahead and doesn't procrastinate anymore.
Lisa wanted to get a new puppy. She visited the local humane society. She found the cutest little white puppy! She named her new puppy Gizmo. Lisa and Gizmo went home together.
Ben needed to plant trees in his yard. He picked out trees based on climate and location around the house. He spent all day planting the trees. He had to water them for years and years. After many long years, they finally grew big and tall.
Jon needed help in his classroom. The school assigned an aide to him. He thrived with her help. Jon's grades improved so much! His parents and teachers were very proud.
Walter had a lot of fun with his elaborate model train set-up. He was very protective of it, and didn't let anyone touch it. His grandchildren begged him to play, promising they'd be careful. Walter gave in, watching carefully so they wouldn't break anything. Turns out, he had more fun sharing it than he had ever had by himself.
It was Jilly's 5th birthday. Her mom baked her a fancy cake. When it was time to blow out the candles, she couldn't. It looked like they were going to go out but then they stayed lit. Her big brother had put trick candles on her cake.
Travis never had enough money. Travis decided he needed a job. After looking through job ads, Travis applied for one. Travis interviewed with a nice employer. Now, Travis has a good job and money to spend.
Jack was going to try out for basketball for his school. He wasn't sure if he would make it so he asked me for help. I am very good at basketball so I gave him some tips. He was very nervous still but more confident. When he tried out the coach told him no and he was sad.
Terry and his friend went to the movie theater. They were planning to see a popular new release. The man at the counter told them all of the tickets were sold out. Dismayed, Terry and his friend settled on a different movie. The movie wasn't their first choice, but it turned out to be good!
Melissa was shopping at the mall. She bought some great new jeans. They had ripped knees and rhinestones on the pockets. Melissa was happy to have some new clothes. She hadn't shopped for herself in months!
Angel is my pet cat. She only drinks water out of a goblet. She is a very spoiled cat. I tried giving her cat food. She refused to eat it and only eats human food!
Becky tried out for the softball team. She did not make the team though. The cache told her she needed to throw the ball harder. Becky spent the next year working on her throwing every day. The following year Becky tried out again and made the team!
Johnson had always dreamed of visiting Los Angeles. He saved up his money and booked his trip. When he arrived he saw many sights and ate delicious food. He took many pictures of his big trip. Johnson was so happy that his dream trip had become a reality.
Ted rolled out of bed when it was still dark outside. He got dressed without turning on the lights. When Ted got to work he looked down. He was wearing one red sock and one blue sock. Ted laughed at his mismatched socks.
Casey went swimming in the ocean. While she was swimming, she saw a shark. Casey quickly swam away from the shark. The shark swam after her. Casey eventually reached shore safely.
Robert decided to make a sandwich. He got the bread and bologna and cheese. He started to make the sandwich but forgot the mayo, so he got that. He put the bologna and cheese and mayo between two pieces of bread. Robert ate his sandwich.
Five men were working in a rock quarry. One of the men was cutting the legs from a water tower. The men ran when they saw that the tower was going to fall on them. They got in their trucks and sped out of the quarry. Safely above the quarry, the men stopped and watched the water spill.
I tried to drive across a local street. I became nervous to a point where I crossed a red traffic light. A cop pulled me over. He decided to give me a ticket for passing the light. After that encounter, I drove carefully.
Ellen was drunk at the bar one night. She decided to drive home. She made it most of the way safely. But then, near home, she struck another vehicle. Ellen was arrested for drunk driving.
A little boy set out to explore his neighborhood. He studied everything he saw. But he got distracted and soon he was lost! He cried until a neighbor came to help him. Maybe he wasn't ready to be an explorer.
Doug was a dog. He never seen snow before. He was confused at first when seeing the cold white snow. He sniffed and pawed at it at first. By the end of the day he was jumping around and having fun.
Courtney had bought a blanket with a cartoon character. Her niece came over to visit. Courtney's niece loved the blanket. Courtney bought another blanket. She gave the second one to her niece.
I was looking at Facebook. The NY Times posted a quiz issued by a bookstore. It had 50 questions about books and authors. I took the test, scoring 38 out of 50. I was disappointed.
Tina was taking a science test. She was not prepared. She hardly studied. She kept it blank. She ended up failing.
Arden needed his grass mowed, but he hurt his knee a few weeks ago. The grass was getting very long because no one had mowed it. Finally he decided to call up a teenage boy he knew. Arden offered the teenager some money to mow his grass for him. That day the teenager came, mowed his grass for some pocket money.
May was having breakfast with her husband. Her granddaughter Lucy decided to join them. They were surprised to see her. Lucy had been staying in her room and moping. May was hopeful Lucy's good mood would remain.
Judy has a terrible forehand. She decided to start taking tennis lessons. She found a coach to help her every week. Soon her forehand got better. Now Judy has the best forehand on her team.
Carl was cooking bacon. But he remembered that he was overweight. He didn't want to waste the bacon however. So he rationalized eating all of it. Feeling bad afterwards, he realized he should have thrown it away.
Nikki saw an ad for the humane society. She felt terrible and ran down to get a puppy. She took good care of him and gave him a great life. The puppy was happy. Nikki was satisfied with the dog.
Janice loved coffee but sometimes it upset her stomach a little bit. A friend recommended she try putting cream in her coffee. One day she decided to try adding cream to her coffee. Janie was elated that her stomach was fine after finishing the coffee. She decided to always have cream with her coffee from that day on.
Adam was growing out his hair. He got a new job at a grocery store. The store had a dress code. The male workers couldn't have long hair. Adam had to cut his hair for the job.
An unethical salesman went to sell things to a family. He used his talking techniques to make the family want his product. The family gave in and bought a lot of his product and wasted money. The salesman made a lot of money that day. He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car.
There was an opportunity for a job by my sons school. They hired me to build their internet. I worked hard day and night making updates. The company internet looked so much better. They promoted me to marketing specialist.
Mack was leaving for college. But his parents were poor, so he didn't expect an extravagant gift. All Mack's friends had received new cars, but Mack expected nothing. Then, as he was packing, his dad handed him a key. Mack looked outside and saw his gift - his own new (used) car!
Tina borrowed my mom's car. She was on the way to her boyfriend's house. However, my mom needed to go somewhere and tried to call Tina. Tina didn't pick up. My mom decided to drive my car to go to Tina.
The wolf hunted for food. He heard a howl in the distance. He followed the sound. He found another wolf. They hunted together.
Steve had a habit of drinking coffee every day before work. However he wanted to decrease his intake of caffeine. One morning he decided to have orange juice instead. He found it delicious. Steve was happy that he was drinking less coffee.
Terri needed a new pair of speakers. The ones she currently has are always malfunctioning. She decided to head to the thrift shop. She found brand new speakers for a very cheap price. Terri went home to install her new speakers.
The official called my name. I took a seat on the mechanical bull while he buckled my seat. The bull started to move aggressively. I tried to hold my stance. After a few seconds, the bull threw me on the ground.
James was trying to get his license. This was his second time taking the test. His problem was parallel parking. This time he parked perfectly! He could now say hello to the roads.
Lindsey and Kevin were newlyweds. They were in there late 20's and wanted to buy a house. Unfortunately, they lived in an expensive area. They both took on additional jobs and saved every penny. After nearly 2 Years, they finally had enough for a down payment.
Nathan attended a friend's birthday party. On his way out he was handed a gift bag from the birthday boy. He tore open the bag as soon as he got home. It was full of his favorite candy. Nathan decided he had a new best friend.
Sue was allowed to use makeup when she turned fourteen. She studied how to apply makeup for weeks before her birthday. On her birthday she spent hours applying makeup. She was confident she looked amazing. She was sure of it when her mother told her how beautiful she looked.
Tripp wanted to learn how to put a topspin on his serve. He was a more advanced tennis player. He sought out a tennis pro to help him. He finally perfected his topspin. His game improved even more.
Jake had a new toy Spiderman silly string web slinger. He knocked on his brother Dan's door to show him the toy. When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string. Dan ran from the room with Jake giving chase. Dan's mother posted photo's on Facebook of Dan covered in silly string
Lucy wanted to straighten her wavy hair. She begged her grandmother for a flat iron. Her grandmother thought she was too young. Lucy straightened her hair at a friends. Her grandmother was impressed by her work and bought a flat iron.
Gemini had a scar on his left cheek. He was bullied both for his name and his scar. Gemini went to the county office and had his name changed to Jim. Then he bought some makeup to cover up his scar. Now he lives a quiet, nondescript life, and he loves it.
Jill had taken her beloved parrot to a bird sanctuary. She hoped he would have a better life there with other birds. But when Jill went to visit she found her bird always alone in a cage. Jill tried all kinds of things to get her bird back but was ignored. She finally contacted the sanctuary's vet, who helped her get her bird.
My daughter lives in Queens. One day she opened her wastebasket. She saw little white things. The wastebasket was infested with hundreds of maggots. She threw out the whole wastebasket.
Steve decided he wanted a tattoo. His parents told him not to get one. He decided to get one anyway. Steve kept his tattoo hidden from his parents. Steve's parents still don't know.
The county fair was having a pie eating contest. June felt her pies were superior to everyone else's. She tried to bribe the judges to win the contest. They refused the bribe as they wanted to play fair. June lost the contest as her pies were not very good.
She grabbed the dog and ran outside. The pure white snow blanketed the ground. It looked so perfect and clean. The dog ran through it excitedly. She laughed as the dog made a mess of her perfect lawn.
The old tree had stood for many years. One day a fierce wind came up, and shook the branches violently. One extremely large branch fell with a loud crash. It blocked the driveway entirely and nobody could get in or out. The family spent the next two hours cutting it up and moving it away.
Today I saw a beautiful flower. I decided to pick it for my wife. I gave it to her when I picked her up from work. She loved the flower and thanked me many times. I was glad that the flower made my wife happy.
Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set. He took it the Goodwill store down the street. In his car, he silently said goodbye. The salesclerk told him they couldn't accept his donation. He happily took them home.
Gina wasn't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois. When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks She purchased a juice, some chips, and some candy. She fell asleep in the car to waiting on the rest of her family. When she awoke someone had eaten her chips.
The Ringo starr show was sold out. It was a week before the concert. I had checked Craigslist everyday. One Thursday a Pair was listed. I got them and went to the concert.
Roy was ten and swimming at the campground pool. He swam to the deep end, and started struggling to stay afloat. He called to the teenage lifeguard, who was asleep in his chair. Roy somehow made it to the edge of the pool. When he pulled himself out, the lifeguard finally woke with a yawn.
Jenny had fair skin. If she was out in the sun, she would develop freckles. By the end of the summer, she had gotten many of them. She put makeup on her face to cover them up. Jenny was embarrassed at her spotty skin.
My friend ask me to tell him a story. I struggled to come up with something to tell him. He glared at me impatiently, like I was wasting his time. I told him that wasn't fair because he'd come to me for one. As he stomped off, I thought I should reconsider our friendship.
Francis drove to Chicago for a concert. While there, he thought the band looked strange. He read the pamphlet again. He realized it was a cover band, not the actual band. Francis left the concert disappointed.
Rita plays tennis. Her serve is terrible. Rita decided to ask for help. She hired a coach to help her. Rita can now serve without faults.
Joe was mowing the grass. He did not wear long pants. When he came inside, he began itching. Joe looked down and saw he had gotten in poison ivy. Joe had to go to the ER for an allergic reaction.
Connie's father died before she was born. Her mother told her that the man raising her was her dad. The truth though was that he was not her biological father. When she was 34 she took a DNA test to prove who was her dad. She found out the truth but decided that she really didn't care.
Jane was driving home late one night. She noticed a strange light in the sky. She didn't know what it was. She checked her phone to see if others saw it too. She found out it was a hot air balloon.
Ali is new at school. All the kids make fun of her because she wears a hijab. One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head. Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back. Lucy and Ali become friends that day.
John had to write a history paper. It was due by the end of the week. Instead of working on it, John decided to wait. John had to pull an all nighter to write it. He finally got it turned in on time.
I bought a pogo stick on Wednesday. I used it to jump over cars. I jumped over fifty cars Thursday afternoon. The police told me that I shouldn't pogo over traffic like that. Disappointed, I took my pogo stick home.
Looking for four leaf clovers had always been a hobby of Frankie's. One day she was walking around near the beach. She stumbled across several four leaf clovers. Next to the clovers was a five dollar bill. Frankie always knew four leaf clovers were good luck.
We went out to dinner on Valentine's Day. We sat next to a Russian couple. They toasted each other and started eating. The man got a phone call and left for 45 minutes. When he returned the dinner was cold and his wife was angry at him.
I am disabled while my wife works. She is retiring in a few weeks. I decided to try to watch all the movies I had recorded on our dvr. Today I saw a movie at 8:30 AM. I intend to watch a movie a day.
Kayla wanted to look her best for her date. She went to her hair salon. She got her hair cut and styled. She felt like a million bucks. Her date complimented her and said she looked great.
I embarked on a new diet. This time I started restricting more than ever. I limited myself to no more than 800 calories per day. I lost a lot of weight at first. Then it slowed down and I seemed to hit a roadblock.
Jill bought a new dress. She tried it on when she got home. The dress didn't fit. Jill couldn't find the receipt. Jill gave the dress to one of her friends.
Kent loved animals. He especially loved his pet pig. The pig was named Charlie and he was big and fat. Kent took great care of the pig. He loved having him around the house.
Charlie lost his brother Sam. One day they had a terrible accident. Charlie felt guilty every single day. He felt haunted by him. He finally got counseling to cope with the loss.
Bill need a new car Bill decided to list his car online Bill found a buyer for the car Bill sold the car to the buyer Bill was relieved he had money to buy a new car
I try to read 100 pages a day. Last week I read Forgotten Country, by Catherine Chung. The story was about a Korean American family. Chung is a Korean American author. I liked the book so much I read 290 pages and finished it in two days.
Brook was moving to a new school and was very worried. He had left all of his old friends and wasn't sure he could make more. Brook's first day of school, he mostly sat alone and didn't talk much. The next day, a boy named Ken asked to be his friend. Ken and Brook were best friends from that day on.
John loved hot air balloons. He noticed a flyer advertising a local hot air balloon festival. A few days later he went to the festival. There was probably 100 hot air balloons there! John had a really great time.
Dana and Jim were hungry. They were talking about ordering take out. Dana and Jim couldn't decide on where they wanted to order from. They decided just to eat sandwiches. They each blamed each other for not picking a restaurant.
Sam wanted to gain more muscle. He enrolled at a gym. He talked to experts there about what to do. They helped him build a workout regimen. Sam followed it and gained muscle.
Halie decided to adopt a second cat. She introduced the new cat to the cat she already owned. The two cats did not like each other. She had to put her older cat on an anti-anxiety medication. After she did this, the cats ended up getting along perfectly.
Jim worked hard on a deck for a card game tournament. He practiced hard with his buddies to make sure it ran smoothly. The day of the tournament finally arrived. Jim played extremely well each game! He was ecstatic as he won second place!
The Smiths lived in the basement. Their upstair neighbors were annoying. They were loud eaters. The Smiths confronted them. The couple ended up moving.
Brian walked out to his balcony one day. In front of his nice view, he noticed some construction. After a few weeks, a large building began to block Brian's view. When it the building was done, Brian's view was blocked. Angry, Brian stopped renting his apartment and moved.
Charles forgot to close the front gate today. His dog ran through the open gate. The dog wandered around town for several hours. Charles' neighbor saw the dog. The dog was returned home.
Karl woke up in a terrible mood. The first thing he did was spill coffee on his clean white shirt. He swore and screamed and punched his door. After that, he changed his shirt and left his house. He met his girlfriend at the beach and took his shirt off.
Sally bought a coffee at her local coffee shop. On the receipt was a survey. For completing it, Sally got a free donut-which she redeemed at lunch. Then she was given another receipt with a survey on it! Sally realized she could get limitless free donuts!
Abe was always insulting people. People would get angry at him. They asked him why he wasn't nicer. Abe was sorry for how he was acting. From then on, Abe was nicer to everyone.
Kate was in the market one day, shopping. Suddenly she saw a small girl in the corner, clearly lost. She approached the girl kindly and asked her name. Shyly, the girl told her. Kate took her to the counter and had her mother paged.
I found Mack on the side of the road. He was an adorable black lab puppy. I took him home and gave him love. He slept in my bed that night. He had terrible gas all night long.
I couldn't control my anger very well. My parents would yell at me, and I ran to my room. I buried my head in a pillow and screamed. I threw my pillow and hit it hard. I tried to express my anger without them knowing.
Will left the living room while his daughter was watching cartoons. From his study, Will heard his daughter crying. Will re-entered the living room to see a horror movie trailer on TV. Will comforted his little daughter. Now Will always skips the commercials when his child watches TV.
My friend introduced me to a close friend of his. I asked her out on a date to get to know more about her. When we arrived to the restaurant, she was very outspoken. However, she only asked me questions about myself. When I decided to ask, she barely had anything to say.
Kelly had a black kitten when she was younger. She loved the kitten more than anything. As Kelly grew up, so did the kitten. When Kelly was 18 years old, the kitten (now a cat) became sick. The cat passed away and Kelly felt like she lost her best friend.
Starting my first day of college was terrifying. I was not sure of my professors or the people in the class. Once class started, my fears dissipated. The class was enjoyable and the other students were friendly. I now love school and I do not get nervous anymore.
Francesca slipped on her apartment's icy steps on the way to work. She was rushed to the hospital for x-rays. The doctors there told her she had a broken leg! Francesca started crying, she couldn't miss a day of work! Luckily, her boss understood and did not fire her.